 

 

 

W's".

’~~~-~--- "’"'““‘”"”"‘”WW: -

DECEMBER 7, I 984

 

 

 

By Dean Chang

Mar/acme corms

Led by seven straight points
from Rich Chapman, the Albany
State Great Danes pulled away
from the Cortland Red Dragons
late in the second half to record
their fifth win, 74-59.

Cortland‘s Mike Stokes had
just converted a three-point play
to cut the Dane lead to six with
four minutes to play. Albany
Head Coach Dick Sauers
substituted Chapman and Brian
Kauppila in for Pete Gosule and
Jan Zadoorian and got almost im-
mediate results.

Cortland’s Dave Wilson and
Allen Scott were harrassing Dane
point guard Danny Croutier on
defense for most of the game. On
this occasion, Croutier get the
better of it. Scott went for the
steal and Croutier dribbled
around him for a 15-foot jumper.
Scott came up from behind and
fouled Croutier, who hit the free
throw to give Albany a nine-point
lead.

After Cortland's Pete Shene
missed both his foul shots on the
next possession, Chapman block-
ed the follow-up attempt and was
fouled downcourt by Shene. Two
free throws later, Greg Hart stole
the ball from two Red Dragons
which led to another field goal by
Chapman.

At this point, Cortland was
forced to gamble on defense. But
the gamble didn't pay off. Off the
full-court trap. Dave Adam
found Chapman all alone under
the basket for an easy pair that
gave the Danes a 13-point lead
and the game.

The play didn't go off as plann-

-ed, according to Adam.

“We were in a high—post stall
and l was looking for Danny, but
he was being overplayed," said
the Dane shooting guard. “When
that happens, there’s usually so-
meone open. Then i saw Rich
waving his arms under the
basket." ~

Along with Hart, Chapman has
beefed up the Danes in the mid-
die. But the two don’t play
together nearly enough to Chap-
man’s likings.

“I play with Greg for two
minutes," said Chapman. “l’d
love to play with him for the
whole game, but usually we come
in for each other. When we’re in
at the same time. no one’s going
to get any rebounds. He's my
kind of player.”

This was one game where
Albany needed some physical
play from their big men. Cor-
tland’s guards were constantly
holding and roughing up
Croutier, especially after
Croutier's technical foul at the
end of the first half.

“i think that they (Cortland)
were trying to provoke me into
hitting him (Wilson)," said
Croutier, adding “and l almost
did."

Neither coach was happy about
the officiating. or more precisely,
the lack of it.

“I thought the game got out of
hand," said Sauers. “The of-
ficials let the game go too far."

Cortland Head Coach Bill
Williams, the recipient of a
technical foul late in the game,
was less generous in his appraisal
of the referees.

“i don't know of any place

where a coach gets a technical
with 30 seconds left in the game."
said Williams. “Only in Albany.”

“The game was very physical,
and there‘were fouls that should
have been called on both sides,”
said Williams. “1 have no com-
plaints with the bumping that
goes on. But if an arm is grabbed.
that goes beyond allowing
physical play."

Croutier and Wilson nearly got
into an altercation, which might
have been avoided had the of-
f icials been calling the game more
tightly. according to both
coaches. But neither coach would
blame either player.

“You can’t blame Wilson.”
said Sauers. “He’s just trying to
do his best. He’s not as good of a
player as Danny."

Cortland was the first
SUNYAC opponent the
undefeated Danes faced this year.
This was also Albany’s first game
with a 45-second shot clock,
something the Danes seemed
oblivious to.

Albany rarely let the shot clock
go down to under 15 seconds,
even when killing time would
have been a good idea.

“When we have that kind of
lead, our players have to learn to
take their time," said Sauers. “i
don’t think we took any shots in
the last 20 seconds."

The Red Dragons were less for-
tunate. Cortland was forced to
shoot several times to avoid hav-
ing the clock run out. In one in-
stance, Cortland’s John Long’s

jumper failed to beat the clock
and the ball was turned over.

“i didn't really care about that
early one,” said Williams. “I

LUCKEV UPS

Brian Keupplla lights tor a rebound a alnst Ithaca. In W -
day's game against Cortland, Kauppllagscored 10 points. canes

wanted to control the tempo of
the game. When we run our of-
fense effectively, we’ll get our
shots off in time."

in the first half, the Danes got
off to an 8-2 lead and never look-
ed back. Led by the shooting of

Adam, Croutier and Kauppila,
Albany frustrated Cortland’s
zone defense time and time again.
Adam knew that the Red Dragons
would have to change their defen-
sive strategy in the second half.
17»

Women cagers romp to 84-48 win over St. Rose

 

Donne Hughes take: the ball to the hoop against CSR.

The women won the game. 8440.

half."

 

deep."

On Tuesday night, there were two very different
Albany State women's basketball teams out on the court
playing the College of Saint Rose or so it seemed.

Albany Head Coach Mari Warner said. “It was as if we
played two different games — one in the first half, the
other in the second half.”

After the game, ifyou commended an Albany Statcr on
the “good game," they’d correct you. “good second

The final score of 84-48 does not give any indication of
how poorly the Danes played in the first half. At half time
Albany was ahead of St. Rose by 12 points, 36-24. By the
end of the third quarter, the transformed Danes had over
a 25-point lead.

The biggest problem in the first half was rebounding.
especially offensive rebounds which were close to none.
Saint Rosc missed 14 shots of which Albany rebounded
only nine. One St. Rose player had ten rebounds in the
first half. This contrasts to St. Rose’s only having 9 re-
bounds in the entire second half.

The next problem was shooting. which may be a con-
tinual problem for the Danes. Not only was there a con-
siderable number of missed shots in the first half, the
shooting percentage from the season’s start has been
lower than expected. Free throws are also a problem.
Albany shot 18 for 29 from the line.

“One thing that was good to see in the game was that
- they played a box and one and a diamond and one against
Rainny.” said Warner. “it caused problems in the begin-
DAvgngc Upg ning, but then other people started scoring. There is no
reason that everyone can't score —- Our talent goes 14

Aggressive second half cements Dane victory
By Kris Sauer

STAFF WRITER

The scoring was consistent. High scorers for the Danes

were Cindy Jenson (14 points), Chris Connata (12
points), Jill Siverman (12 points), Rainny Lesane (11
points) and Kim Kosalek (10 points). The high scorer of
the game was St. Rose's Nancy LeMarca with 16 points.

Jensen, who scored 11 of her 14 points in the second

half, said. “We were playing down to their level in the

first half. in the second half we played our game. At
halftime we talked and we all decided to go out there and
play the way we can.”

Silvcrman said, “We were flat and not boxing out. We
were simply asleep the first half. Our rebounding was
really off. Even during warm-ups we were not ready to
go. in the second half we went out and played our game."

In the second half the Danes were nmch more ag-

gressive and controlled the boards. They also effectively
ran their break in the second half. Silverman feels the
Danes may have taken it easy the first half relying on their
height which wasn't enough.

“We can’t afford to be sluggish, slow and not be deter-

mined. basically." said Warner. “They got mud in the se-
cond half and went out and played like they can."

Tonight they face Potsdam in a SUNYAC game at 7:00
pm. in the Albany Gymnasium. Tommorow night they
play New Paltz also a 7:00 home game. Potsdam lost to
St. Rose by ten points.

Warner said, “We'll use both games to work on fun-

weekend."

damentals. l’m hoping to control both of those games."
Sllvermun said. “This team has everything we need ex-
cept height and when we play our game like we did in the
second half against St. Rose. [don't think there are many
teams who can beat us. I expect us to do very well this
[:1

VOLUME LXXI

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY O

F NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

Tuesday

December 11', 1984

NUMBER 43

 

 

 

 

SUNYA classes
draw favorable
reviews from

most transfers

By Maddl Kun
STAFF WRITER

Is SUNYA really that tough? How do
SUNYA's academics stack up against
other private and state schools? During
some recent informal interviews, transfer
students gave SUNYA mixed reviews on
it '5 competetiveness. academics, pro-
fessors, and classes.

“Albany is a good
school to go to. it has a
little of everything,“ one
transfer student explain-
ed. “i went to Boston
University as a freshman and i had a great
time socilly but the academics were the
worst. Then I transferred to Brandeis
University where the academics were better
but the social atmosphere was not. Finally
I transferred to Albany where i think there
is a good mixture of academics and
socializing."

Most transfers agreed that their choice
was a good one. Senior Rhonda Kleinberg
said she left Queens College to get more of
a business education and to experience the
“away school life." “l‘m so glad i
transferred, 1 think scholastically i got a
good education and being away at school
was a great experience."

Transfer students offered varying
reasons for making the switch to SUNYA.
A strong aeademinc standing and the
relative low cost of a state education are
just two of the primary reasons transfer
students maintain when discussing their
decision to attend SUNYA.

Erin Ringham did not plan on transferr-
ing from University of Massachusetts until
her sophomore year when she received less
financial aid. "i would have stayed at
University of Massachusetts." she said.
had it not been for the financial problem.
"it costs $8,000 a year at U Mass. it was a
lot easier financially to go to SUNYA,"
she added.

Andy Peik, a senior who transferred
from Southhamption College of Long
island University wanted to live in another
environment and get it taste of a larger
school. “I came from a small secluded
school. i found Albany to bc a very big
change but l’m very happy I tnade the
switch."

One transfer student encountered
negative feedback concerning her transfer.
“I transferred from a private University
and I’ve found differences academically
but my professors have asked me why 1
transferred. They implied that l was mov-
ing down a level by transferring to
Albany."

Most transfer students agreed that the
pressure in this school is evident not only
in the classes but in everyday SUNYA life.

"The pressure here is definitely more in-
tense that at St. Johns University. And
although my GPA was affected by my
trasnsferring, l'm glad 1 did it anyway."
explained junior Joey Pugliese. “Hopeful—
ly my future employers will feel the some."
he added.

Not all transfer students felt that the
competition at SUNYA was so intense.
Senior Howie landman, who transferred
from Bucknell University to attend a larger
school in a more metropolitan area, said
“At Bucknell there was much more
pressure than at Albany. it was very cut-
throat. The thing 1 love about Albany is

News
Feature

17>

 

awards labs

A

' By Lisa Strain

(‘UNI'RIIIUI‘INU EDITOR

Eight Soviet students visiting SUNYA
on an exchange program from the Threat
institute in Moscow revealed some sur-
prising differences and striking
Isimilarities between US. and Soviet
ways of life. in a campus panel discus-
sion last Thursday night.

“Young men are the same
everywhere,” said Kirill Kasyanov in
response to a question about dating in
the Soviet Union. “Young people are
quite free to do different things — on
the weekends you can go to bars. in the
summer when it‘s warm yu can go to
Gorky Park, sit on the bank of the
Moscow River.”

“l guess the last 10 years witnessed a
tendency toward looseness in relation-
ships, because young people are more
free to meet easily and say goodbye easi-
ly — the situation in our country is the
same as it is here." Kasyanov explained.

Only civil marriages are legal in the
|Soviet Union, according to Valentin
Klimanov. “if a couple wants to get
:married in a church, their union won't
be regarded as legal," he said. if they
want a religious ceremony. they can go
'to church. but as Alex Kozin explained,
“it’s very expensive because the church
is separate from the state. and depends
entirely on private donations."

Divorce is a “very sharp" problem,
Klimanov said. “When a couple gets
married they must have two witnesses
from both sides, and if they get divorced
within one year these witnesses must pay
a fine of 100 rubles each." One ruble is
equivalent to about $1.23 in American
dollars. The main reason so many
couples get divorced. Klimanov explain-
ed. is that “they are usuaslly very
young. sometimes 18 or 19. They don't
know each other very well, or a young
couple doesn't consider their feelings
very well."

Abortion in the Soviet Union does not
seem as controversial an issue as in the
US. according to Kasyanov. “We don't
have such a problem. Every woman can
go to the hospital, but before doing this
she must take a blood test. and the doc-
tors make surc thc's o.k. Abortion is
widely used and quite frequent, and the
percentage is increasing," he said.

Other questions asked by members of

 

the audience concerned sexuai

“cue n

 =jea5iIYhnd_saY good-bis WY- - - ’ ~

elationsﬁipg,

 young people are more ‘fféé t0.‘méef~~a

“H‘-

.i. v

\ ‘ _,.~»-' '
"“ uAP COURTESY OF THE WORLD ALMANAC

Russian student panelists
offer glimpses of their Ii ves

discrimination. Homosexuals, said
Dimitri Tamyin. “are prohibited by
law. Still there are a lot of gay people:
we consider it abnormal. Homosexuali-
ty among women is accepted, but
among men it is' illegal."l’ornography
and gambling are also prohibited by
law, Tanyin said.

The Soviet students were questioned
about why there have never been women
exchange students from the Thorez ln-
stitute. According to their adviser
Leonid Nechaev, only 10 percent of the
enrollment in the English program at
Thorez is women.

As Klimanov explained, “it's only in
our department that it‘s 10 percent; the
German and French pedagogical depart-
ments are mostly women. Women par-
ticipate in exchange programs to Ger-
many and France, and they have the
same opportunities. 1 would say they are
in a more advantageous position
because they can teach after graduation.
We must take special courses like
psychology and the methodology of
teaching in order to teach."

The educational system of the Soviet
Union is different from the US, as Alex
Kozin explained. “There are 4 types of
schools you can attend," he said. which
are vocational, secondary. professional
or language-oriented. “There has been a
growth of interest toward technical sub-
jects —— 25 years ago the major emphasis
was on the humanities." he said. The
usual course work lasts 5 years, while
for medical school it's six. Kozin added.

Education is free in the Soviet Union,
and three—quarters of the students
receive state stipends of about one-third
the average salary. These stipends "are
for those who pass their exams; if you
fail to do that you don't receive
anything,” said Kozin.

Acording to Sasha Zinenko, the
availability of western music in the
Soviet Union “is really an problem. it's
very difficult to buy records in the
Soviet Union — the price is usuaslly 30
or 40 rubles each, so a lot of young peo-
ple buy tapes instead of records."
Zinenko said. The average monthly
salary is about 200 rubles in the Soviet
Union.

Music fans in the Soviet Union can be
divided into three basic groups, Zinenko
said. “The first is young people who like

heavy metal. like lron Maiden —— their
19»

 

 

 

 

Student surveys
of general ed.
courses axed
by University

By Pam Schusterman
STAFF WRITER

Beginning this semester, there will be no
student evaluations of SUNYA's general
education courses because. explained a
SUNYA official. the surveys are “not
meeting the requirements of the students
or the Committee on Evaluation policy."

"The problems with SURGE (Survey of
general education courses).“ said Patrick
Terenzini, Acting Assistant to President
for Planning, “are the students weren‘t us-
ing them, they weren't providing valuable
information for the committee. and
several departments were conducting
private evaluations and found these
(SURGE) burdensome.”

“SURGE wa stopped when questions
about usefullness oftlte forms arose." said
Acting University President .Iudith
analey.

Student and university officials say they
are exploring new means of conducting
student surveys. but for now, students will
have to get by on previous semesters‘
evaluations.

One alternative student leaders are con-
sidering is a student-run survey called
SCATE. Student Course and Teacher
Evaluation. This would replace the ad-
ministratively run SURGE that was
suspended by Ramaley beginning this fall.

Under this plan, said Steve Landis. a
student member of University Senate serv-
ing on the Council on Educational Policy
and Subcommittee of Evaluation Policy,
surveys would be distributed in the same
manner as most campus publications such
as the Albany Student Press. Acording to
Landis, Binghamton currently uses this
method. He noted that no actual plans
have been made yet for the implementa-
tion of this survey. “But the fact is," Lan—
dis said. “we are losing a year of student
input which is critical, because education
tends to move very slowly."

SURGE was evaluated at the end of the
Fall 1983 semester and was found to be in-
effective. despite articles announcing its
availability in the Center for
Undergraduate Education, Student
Association Office, and the Library
Reserve Desk. said Terenzini.

Communications professor Robert
Sanders of the Communications Depart-
ment said. “The bottomline is that
students are looking at numbers and not
understanding the forms properly, it

17>

ERICA 9mm E1. UPB
Patrick Toronzlnl

 

