 

       

he American motion picture going public

I is a fickle group. They drive studio heads

crazy by selecting certain films to attend

and neglecting more deserving fare. Money is the

bottom line. And if it works once, capitalize on it,

do it again. For this reason we can look forward

to sequels such as Rocky IV, First Blood ll, Police

Academy ll. Porky’s Revenge, 2010, and
Supergirl in the coming months.

Often, a picture garners more than the prestige
of repetition. Popularity permits a snowbalting ef-
fect which eventually popularizes a genre. The
release of Star Wars spawned Close Encounters,
Star Trek the Nlotion Picture(initial|y pegged as a
succession of two-hour TV movies), Empire
Strikes Back, Return of the jedi, and various lesser
efforts.

The trickle down theory could be felt by
several hack directors who hit the jackpot with an
onslaught of mad slasher flicks. These mania
mavericks have John Carpenter to thank for their
well-being. The unqualified success of his in-
dependently produced Halloween opened the
blood gates to Friday the IJth and its successors.
Halloween II and Ill, The Amityville Horror, The
Spawning, The Children, and The Boogey Man,
among others.

Many of these cheap flicks collect dust on a
shelf until some overworked, underpaid ex-
ecutive recognizes a famous face before it is
bludgeoned. Beau (prior to Bo of “IO” fame)
Derek lost her leg to Orca in the laws rip-off of
the same name. Rachel Ward(Against All Odds),
Darryl HannahfSp/ash), and Adrian Zmed(T./.
Hooker) each experienced The Final Terror.
Kevin Bacon of Footloose earned his purple heart
in Friday the 13th by having a knife tear through
his neck. Even Brooke Shields suffered at the
hands of greed. The distributors of Alice, Sweet
Alice sent out lobby posters containing an inset
photo of Brooke from the Blue Lagoon. She was
only nine or ten at the time of filming the horror
flick, light years away from mega-stardom. Mak-

ing matters worse was the fact that Brooke ap-
peared in the picture for a grand total of six
minutes before dying a violent off-screen death.

A fad of the early 80's was the revival of 3-D.
The original House of Wax with Vincent Price at
his pie-Thriller best and Charles Bronson at his
pro-Death Wish ueg lead the way. in quick suc-
cesion arrived Amityville 3-D, Friday the 13th
3-D, The Allan Who Wasn’t There in 3~D, The
Treasure of the Three Crowns, Comin at Ya, anc‘
even Alfred Hitchcock's Dial M for Nlurder.
While Friday the lﬁth 3-D was a blood bath it
boasted brilliant and clear 3-D cincmatograpl‘ly
which complemented the effect of eyes popping
out, in~flight spears, and flesh rotting. A personal

favorite is Parasite, which starred Demi
Mooretjackie Templeton on General Hospital). it
had something to do with a gigantic 3-D worm.
Enough said.

What made Friday the Lilli a hit, and a serious
social metaphor such as Ragtime a financial
failure? Fickleness? Luck? Timing? James Cagney's
fi: it screen appearence in years didn't help
Ragtime. Perhaps the old cliche "the bigger they
are the harder they fall" applies too often. Major
stars perform in the major flops; Burt Reynolds-
Rough Cut, Clint Eastwood-flonkeyTonk Nian,
Robert Redford-Brubaker, Paul Newman-Harry
and Son, Carol Burnett-Chit Chu and the Philly
Flash, Barbra Streisand-rill Night Long, Liz
Taylor—The Nlirror Crack’d, even Goldie Hawr
took the Swing Shift.

So what's in a hit? Could it be the star? Could it
be the story? Could it be the timing? Well, yes,
no, and maybe. One never knows. do one?
Footloose, Splash, and Romancing the Stone,
were each box office winners despite less than
sparkling reviews. Why? Good question. You,
the reader-moviegoer, decided the fates of these
and all other films.

Splash hooked audiences from the outset with
its sweet charm and the surprising professionalism
of director Ron Howard. Romancing the Stone
combined wit and action with cynical 80's satire.
it also caught people off-guard. Who knew
Kathleen Turner could perform comedy or
remembered Michael Douglas was still alive?

Footloose had no bonafide reason for working.
Chris Penn’s amiable performance helped

1

   Filmmak

 
 

separate his image from that of his brother
SeantFast Times at Ridgemont High).But that was
it. The storyline made no sense: a big-city kid in a
small-city town fights the preacher over the bann-
ing of rock music. The preachedoverplayed by
john Lithgow) allows his daughter to wear the
tightest pants available and smother herself under
pounds of make-up, but refu5es to accept music
other than Ludwig Van. Why7 I don’t care. Did
you?

While those three films clicked this past sum-
mer, Streets of Fire, Bolero, and The Last Star-
fighter quickly fizzled out. Streets was a boring
piece of trash that pretended to be an art film.
Star Michael Pare, who lip-synced through the

 

'k "' C 9‘ .. 4.‘

mouthing duties to Diane Lane. i enjoyed silence
while she "sang" and deafening screeching as she
pouted. Walter Hill, the director of 48 Hours,
surely lost his grip on this runaway tripe.
Bolero possessed another nailbiting perfor—
mance by Bo Derek, literally. She has developed
this nasty habit of biting her nails through-out a
film. i wonder if she spits out the clippings, or
does she swallow? Ask John. The highly touted
sex scenes weréshot in Olympic style super
duper sio-mo, only to add new meaning to the
word “bo-ring." For good measure, Bo and part-
ner reach ecstasy on a bed of clouds positioned
under neon signs declaring “ecstacy” in bright

underrated Eddie and the Cruisers, abdicated the

, .
 What Makes A Hit?

 

blue and red. Bolero was
ticipation experience. l‘t‘u
lobby discussing the debut.
still running. Those who it
or popcorn or shouted tiir
The Last Starfightcr will
but lost to Gizmo, the mar:-
karate kid. Lance Guest \va
dual role. He poi-tiayﬂ
becomes the savior oi tlu‘
droid who replaces him
cheesy com puter-cruatetl5
ture could do no wrong- ll
beat humor, and a laid hacl
a genuinely developed

a great audience par-
)ie meandered in the’
e. while the film was
mined threw Mschs
ctions to B0.
'l've been a contender,
imallow man, and the
s totally charming in a
the earthling who
universe and the an-
n earth. Aside from
)ecial effects, the pic-
had wit, charm, off-
style. There was even
elationship between

 

 

Guest and Catherine Mary Stewart, a young and
talented actress worthy of keeping an attentive
eye on. ‘

The drama filters into several film categories.
Dramas usually are made on low budgets,
therefore they need not be blackbusters to satisfy
their investors. Black Sunday, Dog Day After-
noon, Marathon Man, Terms of Endearment, and
The Big Chill are appropriate examples. An ex-
ception would be Reds, which ran up such a
bloated budget that its decent run left it in the
red.

Blockbusters and bombs generate the most

 

estimates suggest the -film's red ink, black ink
divider to be nearly $150 million. Helping to
defray budgetary costs.will be income received
from licensing rights to fashions worn in the pic
ture. Word has it that the 40's style outfits may
leave Diane Keaton and the Annie Hall look in
the dust.

Though the verdict won't be out on Cotton
Club or Dune for months to come, one or both of
the films may turn out to be outright flops. Flops
have always been of great interest to avid
moviegoers. Perhaps the best known of this unen-
viable distinction is Heaven’s Gate. This particular
film maintains the top spot in the record books as
the biggest money loser of all-time. Michael
Cimino's would-be western-drama cost nearly

‘ $50 million to produce and took in less than $5
million. More cash was spent attempting to
release a shorter, more cohesive version. This ef-
fort failed to put a dent in the empty bucket.

Francis Coppola’s $26 million One From the
Heart forced the director to sell his own Zoetrope
Studios and file for bankruptcy. Each project the
man undertakes becomes a high stakes gamble; he
places much of his personal wealth on the chances
of the film being a major financial success. This
method worked on Apocalypse Now, but Hearts
immediate demise compelled Coppola to film
two "little" movies.

The Outsiders received mixed reviews but
youngsters showed up en masse, turning the pic-
ture into a modest hit. No one expected the
miserable Rumble Fish to be as awful as it was.
Matt Dillon's poor acting, the unusual use of Ger-
man expressionism, and black and white
photography further confounded disbelieving au-
diences. Fortunately, the film's budget was
minute, and the picture nearly broke even before
critics tore into it.

Probably the most popular topic of discussion
among cimemaphiles is the blockbuster. Defined
as a picture which grosses an inordinate amount
of money, blockbusters are rare indeed. What
may set them apart from less fruitful films is the
man behind the camera. A handful of directors
are responsible for the handful of mega-hits.
Steven Spielberg and George Lucas (in tandem
and solo) have churned out laws, Close En-
:ounters of the Third Kind, Star Wars, Raiders of
the Lost Ark, The Empire Strikes Back, Indiana
[ones and the Temple of Doom, Return of the
Jedi, and the most successful motion picture of
them all, E.T.-The ExtraTerrestrial.

Most of the above films reside atop the list of
all-time top money makers. Spielberg and Lucas
obviously have the magic touch that pulls people
into the theaters over and over again. When they
work together they are unbeatable, as Raiders
and Temple of Doom proved. Every once in a
while a non Spielberg-Lucas entry penetrates the
blockbuster roster. Ghostbusters and the Super-
man series are just two examples.

There is a major distinction between a

, blockbuster and a hit. A blockbuster earns more
than $I50 million. But there is another fine line
which bears examination « the cost of a film sub-
tracted from its box office tally. Production and
publicity costs comprise the entire budget of a
film, though advertising costs are not generally in-
cluded in the price tag reported to the public. For
instance, Star Trek-The Motion Picture made
more than $l50 million, but cost more than $50
million to shoot, excluding peripheral expenses.
Treks II and III cost‘ $12 million and $16.5
million,respectively. Therefore, their nearly $100
million performances actually meant almost as
mueh money as Star Trek-The Motion Picture.

50 it can safely be said The Verdict, Rocky 1, ll
& III, The Blues Brothers, Staying Alive, Revenge
of the Nerds, Private Benia'nin, Heaven Can
Wait, the Iames Bond series, and the Dirty Harv
ryseries were pictures which surpassed their initial
production costs.

The films mentioned in this article were chosen
arbitrarily. Naming every film ever made would
serve no purpose. Selecting several to examine in
detail is perhaps the only way to study the
strange phenomenon of movie making and
marketing, Fads, styles, and ideas often pop up
over and over but do not lead to the pot at the
end of the rainbow. Why? We'll never know.
And if we did, all the fun would disappear. E]

 

 

significant amount of publicity before and after
their release. Currently hyped are The Cotton
Club and Dune. Dune must cater to millions of
readers who have high expectations for director
David Lynch's interpretation. Any major devia-
tion from the Herbert novel and there will be hell
to pay.

Cotton Club has been plagued with problems
from day one. Director Francis Ford Coppola is
not known for his promptness or ability to pinch
pennies; the ballooned $50 million budget attests
to this. The chemistry between Richard Gere,
Diane Lane, and Gregory Hines must be ex-
plosive for the film ~to break even. Several

-

 

