what.» 1.._.... ... . .

 

 

 

i.
l
i
g.

 

 

‘2
i
l
i

   
 

; -'tr.-1:..,....e..«raa.  mm... up 1...» ..«v.

 
 
 

 

EDITORIAL ;
iLetthem eat ‘

“Nrught muplwi ik joplox ghe
huhh. Melgi lig ftoiberv sluchew yer-
dish ziployn, veve."

If your lectures sometimes sound like this then
we have a problem.

Over half the students we polled last week said
they’ve ‘had problems understanding their pro-
fessors or TA’s. . 1

Harry Hamilton (alias Marie Antoinette). Dean
of undergraduate education. has said. ‘Let them
eat cake.’ : V I ’

in his own words. “l'm not going to take the ef-
fort to make changes if 50 percent of the students
say there's a problem. . . 95 percent of the
students complain about the dorm food, but that
doesn’t mean that there’s a problem.”

Mr. Hamilton, when was the last time you din-
ed with UAS? For' that matter, when was the last
time you took intro to Eco., Math. Physics or
Comp. Sci?

2 I

cra le (. )

reality at this university know the feeling of
memorizing textbooks because our lectures are
not in english.

We know the feeling of walking intoan upper
level course in our major and hearing our native
language intelligeably for the first time

When, half of us are losing out on our educa-
tion, Mr. Hamilton. there isa p'roblem. .

it is wonderful that students from all over the
vorld find a place to study here. it adds to our
selves and our community as well as theirs.

But it is a right, not a priviledge, to have profs
and TA’s we can understand.

if there is any doubt of Mr. Hamilton’s inten-
tions. let us remember that he was the the
strongest advocate of pushing the ‘W' through the
Senate.

This reactionary policy is administrative in the
worst sense — it reveals a view of students not as
people but as objects to be ruled and punished and

Those of us who are'a tad more in' touch with
treated as second ‘class partners in our own
education.

We deserve better.

We let It hem starve

sn’t it just wonderful how Soviets and
Americans are joining forces to save the starv-
ing milions in Ethiopia?

Beyond this dramatic propaganda. however, is
the fact that the two nations who can produce
enough to feed the world don’t. ’

American farmers are paid by the government
(thanks, Mr. Reagan) not to plant. Why? Profit.

Trillions (try to picture trillions) of dollars are
wasted on insane military buildups.

Our self-serving, decadent consumer economy
feeds the corporate machine. We buy new toys
every week while so many live in a poverty we try
to forget. The money we spend on video games
alone could probably feed Ethiopia several times
over.

We cannot stop questioning ourselves or our
societiy while this goes on.

 

COLUMN

The Children Defense Fund

The Children's Defense Fund (CDF) is a nationwide,
not-for-profit public charity organization. it was
established to provide long range and systematic ad-
vocacy for America’s children. The organization attempts
to change policies and practices that affect children
adversely through research. education. litigation. com-
munity organization and political participation. The cen-
tral agenda of CDF is to highlight the needs of children
and their families on the public policy charts. It is sup-
ported largely by Foundations. it has no branches or
chapters and no membership.

Dr. 1a phet Zwa na

Recently (1975) CDF. undertook an extensive research
of the major federal programs on children. The following
were the research findings of CDF: '

I. Federal funding patterns act as disincentives to the
development of strong family support programs. For ex-
ample. the major federal foster care program encourages
the break-up of families.

2. Current federal policies fail to ensure adequate pro-
cedural and substantive protections to children at risk of
removal and in placement. or to their families.

3. The federal government has taken an explicit stance
in favor of deinstitutionalization. Yet. there has been no
concerted effort to ensure that these deinstitutionaliza-
tion efforts in fact, are working for the interest of the
children. Legislative regulatory and fiscal provisions are
very ofter inconsistent - on the one hand. encouraging.
and on the other. discouraging the process of doing away
with institutions. ‘

4. There has been insufficient federal attention paid to
the quality and, comprehensiveness of care for children in
facilities that receive federal funds.

5. There has been a dramatic absence of federal com-
pliance efforts with regards to children at risk of removal
or in out-of—home placement. Federal agencies have done
little to ensure that existing program requirements are
met. They have also failed to monitor and take action
against discriminatory treatment of minority children.

6. Administrative responsibility for federal programs
affecting children without homes is fragmented. Ade-
quate policy planning and coordination to ensure ad-

 

 

 

ministrative linkages among programs and among their-

service. training and research components are virtually
non-existent.

7. The absence of useful national information bank
about children out of their homes and about the impact
of relevant federal programs prevents meaningful plann-
ing. monitoring and evaluation efforts.

Following the study. CDF has made the following
recommendations:

I. Resources development of family support services to
prevent unnecessary and inappropriate out-of-home
placements should be increased and redirected in more ef-
fective fashion.

2. Fiscal disencentives which prevent children who have
been removed from their homes from being returned
home or placed in another permanent living situation, in-
eluding adoptive homes. should be eliminated.

3. Procedural and substantive safeguards for children at
risk of removal or in out-of-home care should be required
as condition for receiptof federal funds.

 

4. Federal support should ensure quality care to children
out of their homes should be strengthened, and a consis-
tent fcderal policy toward dcinstitutionalization
developed.

5. Specific administrative and procedural mechanisms
should be put in place to ensure that the federal dollar is
used to best serve the needs of children affected by
homelessness.

6. A body should be designated within HEW with clear
centralized administrative responsibility for major pro-
grams affecting childrcn at risk or in need of placement.
and a mechanism should be developed for cross-agency
programming. monitoring. and reporting.

“Become an active and effective advocate for Black
and poor children. We all must take a stronger. more
systematic and more programmatic interest in alleviating
the problems that affect Black children. No one has a
greater stake than we do in whether our children read,
think. write, survive, and grow up healthy. if the
widespread nutrition. health care. education and employ-
ment needs described are to be met. Black parents and
leaders must constantly raise them in public. organize to
challenge them. and vote for leaders who will do
something about them!"

The foregoing hortative statement comes from none
other titan Dr. Marian Wright Edelman. the African-
‘American heroine and champion of children beset by
disadvantages.

Marian Wright Edelman is capable of “starting a fire
six feet under water with a safety match and a green two-
by-four." in the late 1950‘s she started rocking the boat.
it all began during her studency at Spelman College in
Atlanta. She recalls that she once told a friend that.
“There was never a time in the South when l didn't hate

segregation. and there was never any question that l was
going to do something to change it." She immediately
became a part of social groups that were interested in
drastic changes.

As a junior at Spelman, Edelman won a scholarship
that enabled her to attend the University of Geneva.
Switzerland. It was in Geneva that she was able to talk
seriously with Southern Whites. When she returned to
Spelman for her Senior year. she felt sure that she could
not be a smooth part of the traditional South. in 1960,
she was leader of one of the first Southern sit-ins, discon~
tinued her Russian literature studies and volunteered her
services in the NAACP. Having developed a lofty sense
of desperate need of African-American attorneys in the
liberation movement. she resolved to apply to the Yale
Law School. At age 24. she passed her law exams anti
subsequently became the first African-American woman
to pass the Mississippi bar exam. Soon, she became the
Director of the Legal Defense Fund for the Jackson
NAACP.

Within a span of four years, Edclman had successfully
bailed out civil-rights activists. pushed the public»
accommodations provisions of the 1964 Civil Rights Act
and acted on behalf of antisegregation and welfare cuscs.
in 1968. she became a member of the Poor People's Catn-
paign which had been organized in Washington. D.C.

Her passion for children who have been literally pushed
out by society led her to found the now famous
Children’s Defense Fund in Cambridge Massachusetts in
1973. it is currently headquartered in Washington. DC,
The address is:

Children‘s Defense Fund
1520 New Hampshire Avenue. NW.
Washington. DC. 20036

 

{mufﬁn/i — «

7

     
   
      

    
 

r r,

“ ROB“! Obi

 

as steam mun. Cilia?! ev mu
comma mmueemeur sun...s~t ate. a “‘T W A

Cabot! Plan Service

..5 I N .
mm ‘~ '*
mm mm $5

:':.': 1"“ ”

J... W -

\..

 

 

 

 

 

mmth «mum- w «an...

 
 
     
     
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  

 

 

» ce=-et«e~a-.,-..,.I,z a; . . 

dbuwihmmnwwWW

