 

r

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl FRIDA Y, NOVEMBER 16, I984

  
  

 

Killingfon

VERMONT

 

 

   

 

I

.co-spons‘otedby Lite Beertrorn" ' ., , ,
V Miller. gombthesth'e gre'ate'St'elgllng’, .--. *
experience you'lIf‘ever'havqulthndm 15;  ' "
stop funat every spectat prlc‘el. v ’ 

_   gt  reaotters pectal‘ '-
ntam , "
" -‘ nighttlte‘ actlvltles:t
.s _ , .
coilt‘e'gla Skl‘;Eest. Studentsnompete

 

  
  
 
 
 
  
  

 

Explore all ’6 MOUNTAINS on one 2 [

 
 
 
   
   

Mlltt]tlck'et..'..1,00.TBAlLS,serVectbyd?t.I  " ‘
' “Wanner!!! 
err‘atn’l' 

a'fthe-s'reatest.dtvarslti

 

    

tes'-6n'-tttt"tt¢kéts,

 
     

  0109, 
g V r‘att college ~ ,
ants who partictpatenln thelnter».

    
    
   

 

 

  

 

v nft‘tﬁtes- Killth
Contact Mark Kaptan,

  
 

 

  
 

 

anointiw.

.9   .   . ‘i‘inas
_ 457.4374; John Kershko,‘ 457-‘ 765: or Kate Headgear-5029.
Or write Kllllngton, Intercollegiate Ski Fest, Killington, Vermont'osist."

 

 

 

 

M.

  
   

 

SA Vlce Presldent Suzy Auletta
Call 457-8079 for activities information

     

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1984 C1 ALBANY STUDEth PRJESS 
Hotline ringing busily «as. “
SA plans telephone labels

By Michelle Busher
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Student Association's activities hotline,
initiated earlier this semester, has been
ringing off the hook on weekend nights,
according to SA Vice President Suzy
Auletta.

The hotline, which can be reached
Thursdays through Sundays at 457-8079,
lists upcoming SA sponsored events on
campus.

Despite SA's conclusion that the hotline
is a success, many students report that they
are unaware of this resource or say they
don't need-to use the hotline, because they
are already well informed.

in an attempt to make the hotline
number more widely known, SA plans to
print stickers with the ltotline number on
them. for students to attach to their
telephones, similar to the labels listing

Humanity endangered by uniformity

By Barbara S. Abrahamer
STAN" WRITER

Today‘s cultttre might eventually “turn
to black slime” the way potatoes in Ireland
did in the l8405, according to SUNYA An-
thropology Professor Gary Gossen.

About one million Irish died in the
famine when a virus destroyed the potato
crop for two consecutive years. Gossen
maintained, in a lecture given to about 30
people Wednesday, that society may find
itself in the same position as the lrish were
as a result of the “increasing homogeniza-
tion of diversity."

The potato famine, said Gossen,
devestated lrish society because the same
type of potato was used throughout the
country. Potatoes were the main food for
the lrish peasants in the centuries before
the famine.

“A blight that attacks one attacks all,"
he explained, drawing a parallel from the
famine to today’s society. Like potatoes,
he said, “cultural forms require diversity
in order to retain viability."

However, “the twentieth century has
seen the destruction of cultural variance,”
said Gossen, explaining, “the world is
remarkably small now. Nations are being
forced to behave like each other. They seek
national integration for economic,
political and idealogical interests. The ex-
amples span every place on the political
spectrum of the world.”

According to Gossen, “most observers
of this phenomenon view the process of
homogenization as a means to desirable
ends.” The “melting pot phenomenon is
celebrated” in this country, he said, main-
taining that “one of the costs is that
minorities are abosrbed, trampled or an-
nihilated in the process.”

The problem with cultural homogeniza-
tion, said Gossen, is that "social change
can never occur unless there’s a supporting
network" of cultural diversity within a
society. He emphasized that “there are
fewer local traditions around to provide
society with new courses of action.”

Gossen outlined the need for cultural
diversity, saying, “The whole business of
being human is to be a recipient of
something outside the self. i believe that’s
the way human communities change."

When someone in the audience sug-
gested that “the range of skills in society
has never been greater,” Gossen replied
that, “technology, for all of its wonders is
built on an infrastructure that's more
fragile titan most of us think.“

“A blight of our time  could shut
down the modern world. The more diverse
our cultural resources, the better we can
cope.” The struggle now is “no longer we
against them, but we against ourselves,"
he said, because today there are “fewer
models of living cultural diversity to con-
struct new models.”

Gossen disagreed with a member of the

audience who said our society is “much
more pluralist now than in the past."
“The (pluralist) movement peaked in
the counter-culture of the 19605," said
Gossen. He noted that the 1960's “com-
munes faded almost always because people
had to give up doing ‘their thing' in order
to serve the needs of the community."
What humanity needs, Gossen said, is
“a human savings account against a

(future) potato famine," he said.

Examples of how to start a/savings ac-
cottnt, Gossen said, include the
reorganization of school curriculums. He
stated that “rote learning should be
reinstituted," and added that, “we should
rcinstitttte a public speech requirement."

For now, however, Gossen said that
“the potential for kids to become in-
teresting individuals is gone. ”

emergency numbers, that are now on most
phones on campus.

Funding for the stickers was approved
by Central Council Wednesday. it will
cost, Auletta said, about six cents a sticker
to print about 2,000 stickers, for a total
cost of $128. The stickers will be
distributed to all five quads.

Frank Parker, a senior at SUNYA said
he is aware of the hotline, but hasn’t used
it. “My routine is pretty much set,” said
Parker. He said he thinks the hotline is a
good idea for some people," especially
freshmen who don’t really know what's
going on around campus yet.”

Although most events are posted, said
Parker, “it’s good to have (the hotline) if
you're hanging around on a Friday night
and you want to know where or when
something is. You don't have to go
wandering around campus looking for the
poster." ,

Auletta said she has received "tremen-
dous feedback" about the hotline. “Peo-
ple love it," she said.

“We've had almost tltc entire 90 second
tape filled every weekend," said Auletta.
“i think a lot of people are aware of it,"
she added.

SA recognized groups submit messages
for the hotline to the SA office. Auletta
said messages are included on the tape on a
first-come first-served basis.

The hotline is in service Thursday
through Sunday and lists about l5 events,

 

Rock ’n roll listeners, beware!
Satanic influence seen in music

By Ben Gordon

Rock and Roll fans, beware! There may be satanic inﬂuences affecting the music
you're listening to, warned a speaker on campus last week.

The speaker contended that some rock musicians "mock religion." and others are
partially controlled by Satan.

in order “to alert people to the concepts of rock and roll. to speak the truth about
God, and (to) preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ," said Albany State Christian
Fellowship Vice President Sam Hazleton, his group prescntcd "Rock and Roll: The
Search for God" at SUNYA last week.

The presentation, which drew about fifty people the first night and slightly more the
second night. featured an audio-visual segment by Rcverand Mitchel Smith, Campus
Minister at Penn State University. “The object of the seminar,“ Smith said, "is to
show that music is spiritual."

Smith reported statistics about rock music and outlined someof the thcmcs of the
show. “Rock and roll." he said, “is a $15 billion a year industry that outgrosscs the
annual grosses of network television and the movie industry combined."

Considering the relative power of a medium that size, smith saidpit is important to
“analyze the source — what the musicians themselves say they want to accomplish
with their music to us, the listeners."

“Musicis shaping out society in an unprecedented way," said Smith. “it is a great
psychological force."

Smith characterized various rock performers as “men that are obviously not
church—goers and obviously not very religious.”

One of the first musicians'quoted was guitarist John McClaughlin, who allegedly
said, “One night we were playing and suddenly the spirit entered into me, it was no
longer me playing." Smith cited this as preliminary evidence that rock performers are
‘ not in complete control of their music.

i Aqualung, (a famous song by the group Jethro Tull) was cited by Smith as “mock-
I ing the entire life of Jesus." Smith stressed that, “groups that are caught up itt doing
1 their own thing mock religion.”

' John Denver was quoted from'the written notes accompanying his record Spirit as
'saying, “Some day H! be so complete i won't even be human. I'll be a God."

All this, according to Smith, was evidence of Satanic influence in rock and roll. He
went on to show slides depicting "Satanic" imagery in rock. For example, he said, a
now-defunct punk band, known as “999,”.can be turned upside-down to present the
supposedly evil number “666.” ‘

I “Blasphemous” depictions of the cross were shown from album art by performers
i like X and Ozzie Osbourne. “Jirni Hendrix," said Smith, “was satisfied that he could
icontrol minds through music." .17»

     
   

w.)

  
 

 

 

 

' "' a sports and group activities.

A Resident Assistant on Colonial Quad,
Robin Dowlen, said a lot of people call the
quad offices to ask what’s going on. “1
usually tell them to call the other quads,"
she said.

Dowlen said she knows about the
hotline but thinks it should be publicized
more. “i think a lot of people are unaware
of it," explained Dowlen. "I've never call-
ed it myself," she added, “because I'm
usually pretty aware of what’s going on."

Auletta said SA has no plans to extend
the hotline to include all seven days of the

“It’s good to have
(the hotline) around
on a Friday night
and you want to
know where or when
something is. You
don’t have to go
wandering around
campus Iooking for
the poster. ”

—senior Frank Parker

 

week.

“i don't think it would be feasible to ex-
tend the service to weekdays." she said,
adding. "there's usually not major events
going on during the week and if there are,
they are advertised on the weekend," she
said. '

“Our events have been doing pretty well
this year," said Auletta, but she added, “i

don’t know ifyou can attribute that to the"

hotline  it's really hard to tell.”
Another SUNYA student, Wendy Servl,
said she called the hotline to ﬁnd out about
an event sponsored by the Student
Association of the State University,
(SASU). “They (SA hotline) didn't know
about it," she said. “but I guess that's
because SASU didn't publicize the event
well." [I]

 

 

