 

 

 

 

'daiiy newspaper Newsdayr
» :to SUNYA students for the
> =past three years. He will

By Christopher Blomquist
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

The- brace-faced adolescent dragging a
stolen shopping cart is a popular image of
a paperboy, but Todd Cherches. better

.nifa/‘rittr'rsrtloemleness‘m FRiDA Y.=Noi/EMBER 16, 1934

“I‘Mr. Ne'deay’I-iS-nOtiUSt 3" averagepape’boy

he makes about 14 dollars an hour.
“There's no way you can get a part-time
job that pays that type of money." he
asserted.

But collecting the two dollars and ﬁfty

 

benefits outweigh the negatives." Cher.
ches said he once tried delivering the
papers while wearing rubber gloves to pre-
vent the newsprint from getting over his
hands, but abandoned the idea after being
laughed at.

sustenance. we are continually
alerted to various injustices. As
these injustices inevitably greet
and haunt our lives. we
sometimes feel that we have
nothing to be thankful for. On
the contrary. we have a lot to be

FRIDA l’, NOVEMBER I6. 1984 D ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 9

Minorities find much in life to be thankful for

upward utilizing various
channels.

in striving to attain and over.
come. we are encouraging in
others the urge to rise after being
stilled by the negativitics of
society.

We can be thankful for the love
and good that exists in our hearts,
but sometimes. through all the
pain, we find it hard to surface.
We can be thankful for our in-
telligence, morality, and percep»
tions. although society often at-

must know what to appreciate
and what to be and not to be
thankful for. Certainly we are not
thankful for the manner in which
we have been put down and
discriminated against by society
just because we were a minority.

 

, ~-. —.—_._..—.—~.......",

known on campus as “Mr. Newsday" cent weekly subscription fee can .
breaks the stereotype, sometimes be a problem. Cherches said. _Che|‘¢hes hVCS 0" State Quad. he Said. thankful for. Third. we can be thankful for tempts to downplay them and We extend our gratitudes to the t
Cherches is a 22-year old graduatestu. “people ten me their mother isn't homey becausev "9'" “my '30 Cusmmerst 60 are First, although this morning we feeling good about ourselves in a make us appear non-intelligent, mere things which encourage and i
dent at SUNYA who has he stated. 0“ Sta” Wlthnan average of 25 each inlhc awoke to a latid full of society which strongly stereotypes immoral. and with distorted motivate our “bec0min85" — !
Otherﬂuadst discrimination, racism. and pre- and paints negative images or perceptions, becoming whole. i

run his own business of
delivering the: Long island

Friday
Profile

turn the business over to his suitemates

when he receives his Masters degree in

December. he said.

Cherches' Newsday business was begun
in his junior year. He had applied, he said.
to work in Newsday’s mailroom in the
suntmer of l983, but managed at the time

“Mr. Newsday" has his ways of handi-
ing late payers. however he recalled. "A

guy pretended he was sieeping...he was‘

caughtin the act and he had to pay.” After
Cherches waited silently outside the stu-
dent's door, and when the “sleeper” open-
ed an eye to check if Cherches had left, he
was forced to pay his bill.

“Some people actually scream when
they get their Newsday, he said. These
same customers have shown their hapi
piness at Cherches' service by nicknaming

 

 

 

Cherches graduated last May with a
Bachelor's degree in Communications and
En lish, and will get his Masters iii
De ember as part of a five year Bachelors
— Masters program. “i was the first to be
accepted and i’m the first to graduate." he
proudly stated.

Cherches said he enjoyed his past Slim-
mer job as a researcher in the NBC Ar-
chives so much that he intends to apply to
the network‘s Management Association

  

By Patrice: Johnson
"In all my darkness
I found a‘ ray of sunshine
It was a part of me
I had come to save myself”

As minorities. it is not difficult
to focus our attention on the
many struggles we have en-
countered aiid are experiencing.

judice, we still awoke. We cart be
thankful for life. for as long as we
live. we can fight and bring about
a change. A change that we may
not live to witness, but that our
unborn relatives may gradually
benefit from, just as we have
benefited from the efforts of
those who preceded us.

Second, although we may
sometimes be disillusioned to the

minorities. We can be thankful
that we have learned the true in-
formation about oursclvcs from
our ancestors, our historians. and
each other so that we would not
be brainwashed by society and
formulate low concepts based on
literal falseness. We are, in fact.
positive people.

Moreover. we can be thankful
for our mothers' strength and

We can be thankful because we
have been tried by the fire over
and over again, and have failed to
turn into ashes. And still we can
be thankfuil...

The reality is that there are so
many things that we can be
thankful for. Although we are

victims of many negative cir- ’

cumstances. we have a lot of
positivity prevailing within. This

Thanksgiving is not just a time
to stuff ourselves without
acknowledging its sentiment and
relating it to our lives. We should
acknowledge the force which has
kept us striving, and has pro-
tected us from being devoured by
the fires. \

Moreover. as we continue in
our battles and struggles, every-
day should be one of thanksgiving
— remembering all the pluses of

to get a sales representative position him ‘Mr. Newsday.’ “They call me ‘Mr. . Program after he graduates. Although his 0 u r s t r uggle inbalances and realities of the comfort when we become weary; positivity is often shown by way
instead. Newsday' and i like it" he said, adding, _ acceptence ‘5 ummamv he 53"! he k'mWS begins the moment Beyond cducationa. economical, and for our fathers’ assurance and of our actions, mentality and our existence and extending our
cmav GALWAV UPS for sure that he wants to work dcilltllcly we are released political systems. we are becom— persuaston when we needed a emotional cxpresstons. The birth gratitudes and apprectation. Not

While working at the paperI he
presented his idea of making Newsday
available to SUNYA students. Cherches
said he told Ncwsday, “There are a lot of
Long island people up there who would be
interested in Newsday. i know i miss it."

“in fact, i was walking in Smithhaven
Mall on Long island over vacation and one
girl said. ‘Ma! That's Mr. Newsdayi’ "
Cherches said that the majority of his
subscriptions come from fresh.
“Freshmen are basically interested in high

Todd Cherches

subscribers have other advantages.
“Newsday is the only papers on campus
that you can get delivered to your door”
he said, because The New York Times,

in television, preferably NBC iti either
sales or marketing.” He explained, “'I‘Itc
ntain reasons i want to go into these aims
is that i want to be rich. 1 want to ilitVL‘
money to do the things i want to do."

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 
      

from our mothers’ the
womb into the - -
cold, chaotic. and Maiorlty
confused world. and extends itself
until our last breaths.

ing aware. We can be thankful for
our awareness. Awareness has in-
itiated our instincts to bond and
to fight. Awareness resulted from
the issues of our experience and

boost and a lift; for otir sisters'
smiles and shoulders when we
momentarily wanted to lean; for
our brothers' hands when we
needed to know that we were not

of this positivity, our ability to
portray it. and our strength to
sustain it, are yet other resevoirs
for our gratitudes.

it is true that the cold realities
often make us feel that we don't

only is this a moral act. but it
keeps us strong in our battles to
achieve. and further exemplifies
otir positivity.

We have a lot to be thankful
for. needless to say — for

 

 

 

 

 

 

inane

 

 

 

 
 

He originally delivered Monday through scliooi and local news" he said. adding which University Auxiliary Services Hi5 interCSt in NBC isn't just litih Uilht‘l‘. [n the midst of our battling for the status of our people. alone during our struggles, bttt
Friday issues to 50 State and Indian Quad that upperciassmcn have less ofa desire, or delivered, is sent to student mailboxes each Chercheswore a technicolor NBC pcxtt‘ock equality, achievemcnh and Awareness has caused us to press together. have much to bc graterui for, we ourselves,
customers. he said, bttt last year he in- interest, to know what's giong oti in their day before breakfast. shirt, while Sitting under a NBC peacock
creased his route to iticltide all four up- hometowns, Cherches said Ncwstlay's had more ap- towel that hangs on his wall.
town quads. and his stihScriptions doubl- According to an informal study Chcr- pcal than The Titties because. “Most "THC main reason [gm the Ni“ Job
cd. Now, with tltc help of his suitcmates. ches said he conducted, “Guys basically students read textbooks all day. thvsday’s “’35 because or academic records. tIHKh‘S.
he delivers the pitpcr to 135 rootns across get it for sports and news and girls get it format is there conducive to college and my work With thVSday.” he stiitl. “i
the uptown cmnnus. ' for Ann Latiticrs, the comics. and the students. The Times style is like another had a good time there (at NBC)." ht" illht- , I AL
Chercth gave three reasons for starting horoscopes." . textbook." cd. “i like television excitement. ‘l'lit-i'c “M‘m‘ﬁxhg‘l'éx'tm
the business. "First of all is the money. 50- The newspapers are sent on a i‘ilili- “Outside of the Long island and New aren't many Olhcr jObS \thw W“ W” s0 m. va'i‘u'ii‘i’t'lilii.mtt I
cond. i get satisfaction in having my own iingtoti Greyhound bits, and reach Clicr- York City area, this is the only place to get to the cafeteria. sit down. and cut lunch 0mm Mam-“WWI”
business and having that work out. Anti ches at about i:00 pm. “The people here Ncwsdity north of Manhattan," he With a CC]€brit)’-"
third. i enjoy meeting people." ' get News'tlay before their parents at home" claimed. While at NBC, Cherches incl Litic Night
He estimated that he makes over one he said, explaining that the papers are There are some negative aspects to the With David Letterman star, Larry “‘lliitl"
hundred dollars a week delivering the dropped off at students' rooms between 1 business he conceded. “i have bad back Mcinian and Letterman himself. “i’cuplc ‘
paper. “it takes me an average of two p.m, and 4 p.m.. problems and my hands are all black by Olllsidc the building 511)’ hC (LCIIL'I’IIHHIl i\ J
.I, hours it day to deliver" he said. notingthiit He noted that SUNYA Ncwsdity the end of the day," he said. “But the 17>
ALWAYS WINTER "
I SUNNY BREAK ’84/'85
; y N {a pir‘ 544* ‘ :_ ‘ I q
i 3. C3,? ' g S ; BANGLES Ethth‘JlJ’f‘sns
 “are”. «4,; h All oven ms PLACE . ""5333; W
a - " mm...‘"ri:t?lt;mm.. i "M;ii'1.t"gl;",gw‘uwmum
 C Guiug down as Lttmnwtmtm» : ' (at. aim"?°”‘“'“'
NJ
 GREAT DANES GET TANNED IN FT. LAUDERDALE‘
i ACTION TAKES PLACE AT TWO MAJOR O i
,. H TELS W
 ‘ \ u e _ ‘ ' 1 Mil) I“ I ' ‘1 r'
 bin aton Yankee Clipper Sheraton Yankee 1 elder ..;...;..I,§.‘..'*tt:?
.‘ " ' ’ '  .  - K, ,5 "‘05.
V , _ . . {a - . f 390 a" . - a fﬁtt’avaﬂhﬁiasiss'
t 5 c . - r -.~ ' .
.g ‘ t. . g - r ROMEO VOW) " 1_
I insuncts
 I V l indwwlmw
l=  ‘ 5 s. twitmww‘t‘"
{. ' V ' u l;
.t. g 0: WELCOME WINTER
., BREAKERS
it  
l i . ~
 t
i
ll
 Beach tun galore...rightoutsideyourdoot NRODS. the hottest spoton th  I  
‘ Maturwmolshrdmbdeoeondonroum...bmmm \
it chocklnamntwogtutShoratons,whonthobutdoun‘tcootmm I
i
‘4." “.14 LL" “a. 'I
g g is, GET Willi SIJGE OF THE Sllll g s Albums or Cassettes.
i, ‘ g. g  at ciiuitis (toll-tree): g y I fregdfm gt CROIce-d
‘ v_ >" S.
,t, 4.»):‘4‘1-09  1-800-325-3535 15“)“ all; From 0 um ta ecor
 :1 I; ‘
, ,
i r: I Available at all Records-n-Such locations: Albany. Delmar. East GeenbUSh

 

 

 

 

 

, i
._ ,...s.......u......_so..........-Mr«.........,W. ., . . . . ..  » - .. W. ., , .

  

