‘3‘.

 

 

8590115 November ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 20, 1984

Bonnie

<4

basketball: Albany was her third choice
behind SUNY Brockport and Buffalo’State.
She didn't even play basketball in her
senior year at Nottingham High School.

"i didn't get along well with the coach."
said Patterson. "l'd rather work to save
money for college."

When Patterson arrived at Albany. she
heard a lot of negative talk about
Albany’s basketball program.

“I-was going to try out, but then people
were telling me they had problems with
discrimination." said Patterson. "i didn't
believe that a coach would sit somebody
just because of their color. regardless of

Danes’ strengths .

43

the open court." Sauers said. Carmello.
however, lacks experience and needs to
improve his defensive skills. He'll be
spending time on both the varsity and the
junior varsity basketball teams.

Albany will once again face a top-quality
schedule. Potsdam and Oneonta should
be the Danes' toughest competition in the
conference. and the non-conference op-
ponents include such perennially tough
schools as Hartwick. Montclair State.
Hamilton. Staten Island and Union. as
well as the Christmas Tournament which
features Division ll Springfield. Buffalo
University and jersey City State. a
20-game winner last year.

Sauers enters his 30th year as Albany's

their talent.

"it's funny because I ended up playing
more than anybody that year." said Pat-
terson. “There's not an ounce of prejudice
in (former Dane Coach) Kidder or Coach
Warner." '

One of the team's problems last year
was getting mentally prepared for every
opponent. Patterson won't let it happen
again this year.

"l‘m oing to make sure that we're
psyche for every game." said Patterson.
"i will be a rah-rah type if i have to. if i
can get the message to the players. we’ll

D

be psyched for every game."

head coach with 479 career wins. He has
never had a losing season. and to say he is
a plus would be one of history's greatest
understatements.

The Danes will have something new to
deal with this year in the SUNYACs. and
it might have a significant effect on every
conference game they play — a 45-second
shot clock. Time will tell if the clock will
hurt or help Albany.

Basically. the Danes' fortunes are almost
identical to last year: they will rest in the
strength of the guards. if the Danes can
get some scoring from close to the basket
then they could make a return ap-
pearance to the conference playoffs. If
not, it could be another season of
mediocrity. D

COMING SOON!-

A preview of

the women’s

SUNYAC East Division.

 

 

E TTE HS

 

 

 

 

 

Prints and

Slides from the same roll

Kodak MP film . . . Eastman Kodak's professional color motion picture (MP) ﬁlm
adapted for still use in your 35mm camera by Seattle FilmWorks. With micro-ﬁne grain
and rich color saturation, its quality meets the exacting standards of Hollywood
ﬁlmmakers. And with wide exposure latitude, you don't have to be a pro to get great

everyday shots _or capture special effects.

Experience remarkable versatility. Shoot in low light or bright light from ASA 200 up
to ASA 1200. If you're shooting in tungsten lighting we'll color correct for this at no

charge. And enjoy the option of prints or slides, or both,

It’s economical, too. For example, we'll process your ﬁlm, send you mounted slides,
negatives and a new roll of ﬁlm—all for the incredibly low price of $4.60 per roll plus
postage and handling. Quick, convenient mail order service . . . plus substantial savings
Try our introductory offer. Of course it costs us more than $2 to send this to you. But
we‘re conﬁdent that once you‘ve tried the ﬁlm. you'll become a regular customer. Why
not see what this quality ﬁlm can do for your photography. Send in today!

“there has long been the dream of oneﬁlm that could produce
everything. . . . Such a ﬁlm is here now in the form of 524 7. . .

man. 5247 n a Iculrlrml md'nm “rm: nu..." min own...
_------_----—------------_-------

INTRODUCTORY OFFER

Cl Rush me two ZO—exposure rolls of NAME.
your leading KODAK MP ﬁlm— RESS
Kodak 52470 (200 ASA). Enclosed ADD
is $2.00. l'd like to be able to get CITY
color prints or slides (or borh) from I STATE

the same roll and experience the
remarkable versatility of this
professional quality ﬁlm.
Urniloilrnlil pan-Lulu.

We also offer slides and a free replacement roll with regular Kodacolor print ﬁlm
Yes. slides from Kodacaior!

 

 

 

Mail to: Seattle FilmWorks
500 Third Avenue West, P.0. Box 034056

   
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 

arnished irrege

the Editor:
‘ e recently observed an extremely disturbing event in
Rathskellar on Saturday, November 17. We witnessed
ur campus police an apalling lack of respect and sen-
ity for campus visitors.
he three of us had gone into the Rat at approximately
.m. planning on a relaxing drink. Soon afterward a
up of 8 guys sat down at the table next to us, and ask-
5 to join them. it seems they were visiting from the
’ versity of Massachusetts after having participated in a
stling competition during the day. At first, we didn't
; . eve them because they didn’t ﬁt our stereotype of
' . estlers". They were not loud, boisterous or the
cho" type. Rather, they were polite, well-mannered

very gentleman-like.

fter an hour or so of getting to know them. one of the
V 5 left the table to use the bathroom. Subsequently, we
I]: to notice a disturbance of some sort by the bar
. Apparently, the member who had just left the table
approached by 2 males who allegedly attempted to
a gold chain right off the gentleman's neck. When it
,‘ realized that their friend was in desircss, the seven
. sitting with us got up to see if their aid was needed.
on fight ensued and within seconds one of the team
. bers' hand was bleeding profusely. University Police
ved almost immediately and took control of the situa-
, separating the opposing sides.
pon calling S-Quad for their assistance, the Universi-
olice began to question the visiting team members and
. Ltwo alleged thieves. it seems there were two very dif-
' nt stories explaining the incident. When asked if he
ted to press charges, the accosted member declined.

‘wanting to prolong the issue.

( en S-Quad finally arrived and was attending to thc
ywhose finger had been slashed, a discussion reensued
en the University Police and the team members.

 

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
   

from the same roll.

I!
—MODERN PHOTOGRAPHY

- - - - - u - - - - .1
' NM Smulr Irlranrh

 

ZlP _____

 

  

Seattle. WA 98124

31

 

 

aspects

 

 

 

 

   

LIA
r'!
kg

(pe

Happy Hour 4

 

THRUWAY
HOUSE

Starting Monday Nov.3

University Deli
and

        
 

$3.25 (soup salad bar only)
Mon. — Fri. 11:30 — 2:00 p.m.

W

EREEII
Glass of Wine/Beer/Soft drink

w/this ad
— 7 p.m.
ctr/Happy Hour Prices

   

)

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

—-———-

 

IS NOW ACCEPTING

 
 
    

Established In 1916
David L.L. Laskln, Editor in Ohio!
Jerry Cumplono, Dean Chang. Msnaglng Edllars

   
          
 

 

eldl Grails. Jnmos O‘Sulllvan
..Allcla Clmbora

um Ediiorl ............... ..
Aswaiain News Editor.

  

     

u
o
z
=
x
r:
a
=
u
a

.. Joe Fusco. Michsilo Krell
 .......Tom Kacandos
Inn Spelling

Marc Barman. Kelih Mardor

  
 
 

Books Editor....
Movln Edltm

 

 

Applications are available
in the intramural office

in the gym.

Questions concerning the

duties of S.A.’s
can be answered
' O at the
intramural office
or by calling
457-5203

8613 Pounded]

 

 

APPLICATIONS FOR s.A.’s
(STUDENT ASSISTANTS)

FOR THE SPRING '85
SEMESTER.

.Edward Ralnos
. , ,Llsa Mirabella.
_ oreboom, Llsa Slrsin. Edliorlul Mllollnla:
llQhrIalopher Biomoulsi. Mlcholls aushar, Rick Swanson, Iiono Walnsioin,
filo" writ-rs: Barbara Abrahamor, Torn Boruon, Marla Carllno, Loalls Chali,
,, ohnnna Clancy, Jacouia Clark. ian Clements. Bette Dzamba, Cathleen Errlu,
“7.85"! Flnnaran. Ron aid Brani Gerslon. Judy Geschwind, Bob Hanion. Maddl
aﬁun. Mark Latino. John Parker, Chrlsiine Railali. Joe Romano, Krlsllno Sauer,

Iohsol Skolnlck. Perry Tlschlar, Mike Turkady, Spectrum and Event: Editor.

     
 

 

 

  
     

 
 
 
  

Judy Torsl, Business Manager

Lynn Slrlvil, Assoc/ale Bus/nose Manager
Juno Nlrlch, Advsnlslng Manager

Mike Krolrnor, Salsa Manager

  
   
 
 

. i4
Billing Accounlln

cldllillodrIl-nm-r
E um..."

 
 
    

............... ..Randoe Bohar

Gav Peress

Fllnnn Shoshan

Mark Cnialano

Advertising all": Danlse Eoyallan. Marc Hobarman, Sue Klaln. Sieve Lult.

‘i Judy Nusubnum, Scott Rein. David Wlllmoli. Advertising Producllon: Elaine

Frlodar. Tsrou Ginoalono, Marl: Hoborman. Suzanna Jaeoby. Maura Kellen.

Eileen Koibaauk, Jacki Midlaraky. Sharon Okun. Amy Paparny. Lynn Seluel.

Glil Vlnyui, Ollie. SI-ll: Chrlsllnn Blnghl. Linda Daluadu. Fran LoBasso. Mur-
: lorle Hosanihai

    
  
 

Suun Kant. Producrlon Manager
Jonnllor Hayden. Assoc/arc Production Manager

 

;
l
.

 
  

. Chlol‘l‘yponlllr  .....Lanr:sy Hayman
l 1' lolr Debora Ada . , 20. Sarah Evaland,
, Sar , Llu Glumbrono. Maureen McHugh, Pun Strauber, Pauloup- Adam 5.

, Engla, Pairleln Gllnnoll. Foggy Kallnor. Siaphan Rudolph. Chaullaun: Wur-
, ren Hurvvllz, Richard Sheridan

 
 
  
  
 

i Pholoqrophy principally supplied by Unlvorllly Photo Service, a student
0

 

pro p.
' Chiol Photographer: Erica Splsgei UPS Stall: Shnrl Albari. Amy Cohan, Marla
Culllnan, John Curry, Lynn Drallus. Clndy aalway, Adam Ginsberg. Hobart
Han-mum. David luau, Kenny Klraoh, Robert Luckey. Ezra Maurar. Mark
Msdllvlllu. Chris Oralnl, Llaa Slmmons. Robert Saucy. David Sirick. Howard
Tyoar

 
  
 
  
  
   

Enllro content: copyrluhi WM Albany Siudnni Pru- cbrporlllon, all rights
. unwed.
The Albany Student Pro“ In published Tuesdays and Fridays bolwaen
i Auounl and Juno by the Albany Student Press Corporallon. an Independent
nol‘lonprolll corporation.
' ' Editorials are wrillen by the Editor in Chlai with members oi the Edllorlal
\ Board; palloy ls subject in rsvlow by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not necessarily reflect ndiiorlal policy.
Mailing address:
Albany Sludenl Frans. cc 320
I400 Wanhinulon Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(518) 457-88921332213389

   

    

 

 

leave the Rat. in attempting to learn what hospital their
friend was going to be taken to for stitches. the police. in
no uncertain words. and in a very loud tone. insisted the
visitors leave the Rat. Upon observing all of this, we felt
our opinion could be of some use. One of us decided it
was our duty to speak up, hoping to abolish the nasty, ac-
cusing attitude that the policemen were using on the team
members. Not only did the policemen feel that the visitors
had incited the incident, but moreover informed us that
they were “very close to being thrown in jail." Having
been with these gentlemen for the last two hours already,
it was clear to us that not only did they not instigate the
argument, but even at this point, were still maintaining
their sense of rational behavior.

We were appalled at the unfair attitude used by the
University Police in this matter. We believe this incident
not only made the University Police look bad, but has
surely tarnished Albany’s ﬁne image. both in the eyes of
our U. Mass visitors' and more importantly, in the eyes of
its own students that witness this tragedy.

We are not able to sign our names due to an implied
threat that was made by one of the alleged thieves who
was not eVen searched by the police. How can we feel pro-
tected when our own police don’t try to get to the bottom
of what really happened. don’t search assailants when
there is a possibility of a knife-inﬂicted wound, and don't
protect visitors that have come to Albany's campus, in
good faith, to compete in~ sports events?

——Name wiihheld by request

A saferworld

To the Editor:

An issue of frequent concern in today’s world is that of
the arm’s race. With the number of weapons and delivery
systems increasing at alarming rates, we need to put an
end to this race and insure a safer world for all of us.

in recent days, proposals have been made by both sides
to open up new negotiation talks. This is an important
slep in the search for an arms control agreement and
hopefully a reduction ofcxisiing arms. But this cannot be
accomplished unless it is actively pursued.

On November 28, NYPlRG will be sponsoring a
discussion on this delicate issue. it is being presented to
enlighten people and provide an opportunity for input.
Since this issue affects us all, whether we like it or not, I
urge you to join us and get involved. Please show your
suppori by attending this seminar. Let's actively pursue a
solution to this problem.

——Larry Wusscrmnn
Member, N YPIRG Disarmament Committee

You could be next

To the Editor:

1 am a senior who has lived off~campus for the past 3
years. Presently, i am localed in the heart of the ‘student
ghetto.‘

it is my contention that many students feel that they are
safe in this area because they are surrounded by so many
other students. Unfortunately. this is just not the case.

Early last week, in the middle ofihe day, my apartment
was burglarized. Tire people doing this are good at their
work. The intruder entered the house just 15 minutes
after i left for school. He was able to maintain his
character and get away with money, a camera, and my
jewelry even after going discovered by people from the
floor below me.

Not only am i extremely upset about the monetary and
great sentimental loss of my possessions, but I am
disgusted at the invasion of the privacy of my own
bedroom.

I am writing this letter, not only to express the deep
anger that is within myself, but also to express a genuine
concern for other'students. ,

i would like to take (his opportunity to warn students
that we live in a realy city; not our own little Disney
World.

You never know if your apartment will be next so don't
make life easy for an intruder. Keep all jewelry, money.
cameras and all other valuables out of sight. Put things in
drawers or closets. it may not be as convenient as having
ajewelry box on your drewwer, however, I assure you it is
worth the small effort involved. After all, what good is a
jewelry box when you have nothing to store in it?

PS. Does anybody want to buy a jewelry box?

—Name withheld by request

Backwardsthinking

To the Editor:

i find the view of Reverend Mitchel Smith in the
“Satanic inﬂuence of. Rock and Roll" article in the Fri-
day, November 16 ASP is laughable. He has no concept
of what rock and roll is. Listening to records backwards,
as far as i know, is only done by reactionary types, and
people bent on destroying their record collection. 1 saw
no mention of John Lennon, debatany one of the finest

humanitariar of our times, who invented the technique
of backwards r- :ort'ng. John McLaughlin isa devotee of
Eastern religior. and should not be expected to show any
Christian influerr -. Aqualung (the album, not the song)
by [an and Jeanie Anderson is a commentary on the way
the church (Catholic and Anglican) has twisted the words
of Christ for their own beneﬁt. “Leather and Chains”
heavy metalists have no concept of what they are writing
about. They use symbols such as pentangles mainly. for
shock value to impress young teen boys.

Rock and roll words are hard enough to decipher going
forward. Has anyone tried to understand the words to
“Louie, Louie” or “Green Grass and High Tides"? i
think the Reverend may be mistaken on his interpreta-
tions of words that may possibly have been recorded
backwards. '

I challenge Reverend Smith to give the latest Christy
Lane or Phil Keaggy album the same scrutinity.

——Aklrlr Anwori

Growing up

To the Editor:

When we were in junior high school, perhaps even high
school, it was thought to be hilarious to engage in
cafeteria food fights, mark up the walls with meaningless
graffiti. or to tear down an occasional poster. After all,
“we were just kids." Now, supposedly past all of the im-
mature actions. we are attending a university. The
students are considered adults and are expected to act as
such. Unfortunately, "such" is not the case in recent
weeks at SUNYA, where a sever outbreak of vandalism
has threatened our environment, and more importantly,
our lives.

Just a few weeks ago, a bottle was thrown through a
skylight on Colonial Quad, shattering it and nearly sirik-
ing a student. There have been several reports of bottles
being iosscd out of the upper-level tower floors. Believe it
or not. furniture such as dressers have been dropped over
balconies. Broken windows, destroyed vending machines,
exploded fire extinguishers. . .ihe list is endless. it seems
that sortie siudcnls not only graduated from high school
to a “higher institution of learning,” but also graduated
from being immature practical jokers to vandals.

The attacks have not been limited to dormitory equip-
rncnl. The special facilities for the handicapped have been
a prime target. The doors they use have been destroyed.
The more accessible lower case bulletin board at the cam-
pus ccnicr information desk was vandalized. These
facilities are necessary for the handicapped, and often
they cannot be repaired immediately. More importantly,
it poses and inconvenience that cannot be readily
remedied.

it is time for the students at SUNYA to unite against
this dangerous activity. One day you yourself might be
the victim. Imagine yourself being the person under the
skylight when a bottle crashes through it. Or having a fire
in your room and no extinguisher with which to put it

’ out. Or walking outside your building when a bottle is

tossed from a window above. Or being a handicapped
person who cannot use their special door or read current
information at the Campus Center. Or a student who can-
not get a can of soda or a candy bar from the vending
machine or even do laundry. if this outbreak continues,
you may be one or more of the above.
The unfortunate result of the damage being incurred is
that the entire student body pays a price. Damage fees
will increase drastically for those who live in the residence
halls. The professional staff will place more restrictions
on parties and alcohol in an attempt to curb property
destruction. Vending machines will cease to exist, and we
will lose their convenience. The handicapped will suffer
from the loss of necessary facilities that cannot be
repeatedly repaired or replaced. Overall, the majority of
the students who will suffer are not those who are respon-
sible for it. '
Before the situation reaches more dangerous heights,
the students must try to deter vandalism. Step forward
and reveal any information you might have to your RA or
director. if you are aware of a potential problem, report
it. Speak to your friends and spread the word. if we want
to enjoy an active educational and social life at SUNYA,
the vandalism must come to an end. if you are one of
those responsible for it, think of the consequences and
don't do it. if you know of an incident, report it. And
then we’ll all be better off. .
— Irwin Welnsleln
Inlerquud Council President
—Rlchnrd Wilson
Alumni Quad Board President
—Lori Friedman
Colonial Quad Board President
—-Rohin Rubensteln
Dutch Quad Board President
Mark Peristein
Indian Quad Board President
Terri Cormllo

'Stale Quad Board President ,

 

~-n.>al.4\'._‘:s.

 

