 

 

 

4 Spain's.Nayem‘beramiwsroosmfmass o’russm Y,‘NOVEMBER scrim * ' ’ ‘

By Mark Levine
CON I RIBUTING EDITOR

When analyzing the 1984-85 version of the
Albany State Great Danes. one tends to notice
the same strengths and weaknesses the
1983-84 squad had. What does this mean for a
team that last year failed to qualify for the
conference playoffs for the first time and suf-
fered through a mediocre 14-11 campaign?

"We're going to need some new blood."
said Dane Head Coach Dick Sauers. who
enters his 30th season. "i am not content with
the status quo."

This "new blood“ could be a new starter or
two. according to Sauers. With one starter lost
from last ear. there will have to be at least
one new ace in the starting five. In addition.
there could be some new bodies on the
bench, as Well as some familiar faces at dif-
ferent positions. Despite the changes.
however. the nucleus of last year's team is
back

Danny Croutier. a 5'7" senior from Rockville
Centre. returns for his fourth year as the star-
ting point guard. If there is a "straw that stirs
the drink" of the Great Danes it is in the form
of the feisty Croutier. who will be expected to
orchestrate the tempo of the game from his
point guard position.

Most of Albany's outside scoring in 1984-85
should come from the off guard position.
where Dave Adam heads into his senior year.
The 5'11" Schenectady native's perimeter
shooting was one of the Danes' most potent
weapons last year, as his highlights included a

 

 

26- oint game against Montdair State. an
11- or-12 shooting performance against Union.
All-Tournament honors in the Capital District
Tournament: and the MVP trophy in the
Danes' Christmas Tournament.

"We need Dave to o to the hoop more this
year and get foule  Sauers commented.
"But his outside shooting was deﬁnitely a plus
for us last year. and he and Danny in the
backcourt should be our biggest asset this
year."

The final starting slot that seemed set in
preseason was at small forward, where 6'4"
sophomore Adam Ursprung should get the
nod. The lanky Catskill resident was Albany‘s
leading rebounder as a freshman last season
and its most consistent inside scoring threat.
His rise to potential greatness included a
marvelous 15«point. ll-rebound game in a key
overtime win against Potsdam. His play as a
sophomore should only improve. and this is
good news for the Great Danes. assuming he
can recover fully from off-season arthroscopic
knee surgery.

“The two guards and Ursprung look solid at
first glance." said Sauers. "The other two posi-
tions are cloudy."

The two post positions are Albany‘s main
concern. and this was where the Danes were
hurt the most last year. "we've got to get
more inside scoring this year." Sauers noted.
“We didn’t get enough of that from our big
men last year except from Ursprung. and that
hurt us."

One candidate for the other starting posi-
tions is Gre Hart. 3 6‘5" senior from Red Oak

- } 

 
 

vua‘rds to be strength for

Maturity and eXperience Danes’ strengths.
as they try to get back into the SUNYACS

Mills. On a two-week trip to France in early'
June. Hart impressed Sauers immensely and
helped the Danes win all four of their gamesl
against the foreign teams.

“Greg played the best in France of all the
postmen." Sauers observed. "His size and
bqu (220 pounds) are an intimidation factor
out there. and if he can improve on his inside 1
moves he should help."

Last year‘s starting center for most of the *

year was Pete Gosule. and the 6'8" senior :.

from Commack is back for his third year of
varsity play. Gosule played well early last ‘
year. including a strong performance in the

Christmas Tournament. but then saw his play 

tail off toward the end of the year. Sauers
hopes Gosule can be more consistent this
season and hopes to use his height as more of
an advantage inside.

The other big man returning from last year's
team is John Mracek. a 6‘5" junior from Hud-
son Falls. Mracek is easily the best outside

and rebounding can improve from last season
he should see a great deal of playing time.

"John shot very well and came along well
last year." Sauers said. in reference to
Mracek's being named the team's Most im-
proved Player. "He‘s _a great threat
offensively."

Rich Chapman is up from last year’s JV
squad. and he could also see minutes up front.
Despite his apparent lack of height (6'2").
Chapman mixes it up well down low and is
very physical. .

"Rich has a tendency to foul too much
sometimes. but he's tough down low and he
has a nose for the ball that the other big men
don't have."

'One newcomer f willv have a good chance of
making the team up front. Ton Dickens. a
6'2" sophomore. is a transfer om Orange
Community College. and Sauers characteriz~
ed him as "a strong player who works hard in‘
there."

The two people most likely to back up
Croutier and Adam at the guard positions are
Doug Kilmer and Brian Kauppila. both of
whom saw action in 1983-84. Kilmer possesses

shooter on the front line. and if his defense “Q- >

 

 

   
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 

a fine 0 tside shooting to hand he played
well at times last year. bullnust show more
confidence to be more eﬂedn’ve this season.
Kauppila saw action at four Ird last year, but
Sauers said there is a possibility that he may
be moved to the big guardspot.

Also likel to fill a role atbbth the off guard
and small grward positions is Jan Zadoorian.
a 6‘3" senior from LintoniHigh School in
Schenectady. Zadoorian is aim of the Danes'
better defensive players as'well as being a
strong rebounder. His versatility and ex-
perience could be counted on heavily in
198485. 1'

The final backcourt spot cpuld be filled by
freshman John Carmello of Albany High
School. “With Danny and Dave graduating
we're going to have to dcvel p somebody this
year. John has a good chance of making the
team. He’s a good leaper anﬂ is very goodsi:

l

 

 

 

- 4‘ -» F;~!:~,1-,—10‘:.:ﬂ ..

,TtJESDA Y, NOVEMBER‘ZO. 1984 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS'    a.
men’s women’s teams
. ! ' I

Lesane and Patterson to lead
their fast-breaking squad

By Kristine Sauer
SPORTS WRITER

Perhaps the greatest transition for the Albany
women's basketball team of 1984-85. aside from
losing one player to graduation and becoming
accustomed to the play of a handful of
newcomers, will be in the one inch smalled siz-
ed basketballs all colleges and community col-
leges are using now in women's play.

Similar to a junior basketball. this new regula-
tion ball is one inch less in circumference than
the men‘s. This is the first year this size basket?
ball is mandatory for women. Next year high
schools will adopt the ball. In women's interna-

J tional play there has been no change.

Head Coach Mari Warner finds a noticeable
difference in ball handling and shooting.

"The players are making crisper passes and
there has been an increased range in shooting,"
said Warner. So far she hasn’t noticed an im-
provement on their inside game as was
predicted by the implementors.

Returning player Kim Kosalek voiced the
team's opinion that "the smaller basketball is
easier to handle." and predicts they'll be less
turnovers in the long run.

Warner considers this year's crop "a good
combination of both young and old.“ These
women hoopsters are just that. With veterans
Rainny Lesane. Ronnie Patterson. Chris Can-
nata. Diane Femandes. Kosalek. Nancy Grasso
and Debra Logan leading the way, this season
should outshine last year's 15-10 record. ECAC
bid. and first place in the Capital District
Tournament. '

A key to the team's offense and defense is
third year member Lesane at guard. “She's a
strong player." said Warner. Lesane received
All-SUNYAC. ECAC and Capital District All-
Tournament Honors last season. She will be a
definite factor in this season‘s outcome.

A fourth-year veteran. Ronnie Patterson. is
also a guard. Warner said. "Ronnie has a good
outside shot with exceptional range and is real-
ly quick." With Lesane. Patterson will be the

_ key to the Dane fast break.
I

 

 

 

 

  

 

The 1984-1985 Grea

  

 

t Dane Rosters

  

 

Cindy Jensen Fr. Center
Dave Adam 31—, Guard Lori Bayba Jr. Center
Dan Croutier st, Guard Nancy Grasso Sr. Center
Ian Zadoorian Sr. Forward Kim Kosalek So. Forward
Adam Ursprung So. Forward lill Silverrnan So. Forward
Doug Kilmer Jr. Guard lenny Pendergast Fr. Forward
Brian Kauppila Jr. Foward Chris Cannata Sr. Forward
Tony Dickens So. Foward Julie Hotmer Fr. Forward
John Carmello Fr, Guard Diane Fernandes Jr. Forward
Pete Gosule Sr. Center Ronnie Patterson Sr. Guard
John Mracek Jr, Forward Maureen McBride Fr. Guard
Andy O'Connell so, Foward E 'ebra Logan Jr. Guard
Greg Hart Sr. Center [onna Hughes Fr. Guard
Rich Chapman So. Forward R @ny Lesane Jr. Guard

Two veterans at the guard/forward position
are senior Cannata and junior Femandes. “Both
play the position well and we will be looking
for them to shoot the ball. They are also an im-
portant part of breaking any zone." said
Warner.

Forward Kosalek is a two«year veteran. "She's
5'10" which is a good size." said Warner. "She
moves well. shoots well and is a good
rebounder."

Center Grasso. a senior. is out with a knee in-
jury. She will be coming back hopefully before
Christmas.

Logan. a junior. is a backup at point guard.
"Debra has come a long way — she’s handling
the ball with more confidence and has good ver-

tical jump." said Warner. She'll be looked for to '

help out Lesane at the point and Patterson with
shooting.

As for the incoming players, Warner feels
they've caught on well and predicts good team
unity:

Freshman Donna Hughes. from Catholic Cenv
tral High School in Troy. plays the guard
position.

"She's a pure shooter." said Warner. “We’ll
look for her to take more shots. She's very calm
and knows the game well."

Also in the guard position is Maureen McBride
from Oxford. another shooter with good range.

A "jumper" who will shoot the ball. is Julie
Hotmer another freshman. "All she needs now
is consistancy." said Warner of the
guard/forward.

From Unadilla is another newcomer. Jenny
Pendergast at the guard/forward spot. “She
knows the game well and has a good outside
shot." said Warner.

A transfer from St. John Fischer is 5'11" Lori
Bayba. Bayba is a rebounder who will add
strength under the boards. Warner said. “she's
a strong player with a good outside shot and
good range."

Another newcomer is sophomore Jill Silver-
man. a 5'8" forward. “She's not very tall, but
very aggressive on defense." said Warner. “She
gets the garbage rebounds by being aggressive.

 
 
 

; .

 

 

. Which is needed."

    
 

w~,...w..-.ww.v.mam; .-.-   -~ - :‘w -

 

The women hoopsters have a lot of depth.
"Everyone should contribute," said Warner.
She predicts they will be quick. break a lot. and
play a lot of man-to-man defense. '

They play a tough schedule. Their first three
games will be difficult. Tough competition will
come from Oneonta and Cortland in the
SUNYAC conference. Division H St. Michaels.
RPI. and Hamilton.

They play RPI on Tuesday November 20 at
7:00 pm. away. "RF! is always a tough game.
We'll have to play well." said Warner. pointing
out they'll have to cut down on turnovers.

The team‘s home opener is on Tuesday.
November 27 at 7:00 pm. in University Gym
against SUNYAC rival Oneonta.

The Red Dragons of Oneonta. the defending
SUNYAC finalists, will serve as a good
barometer for Albany this season.

"If we can beat Oneonta, then we'll have a
pretty good idea of where we stand,“ said Pat-
terson. E]

  

.t'
r

  

 

 

