 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

subs because you

ﬁrmwa...

 couldn ’t get 013‘ campus 381$?  
let us bring them gwﬁmsr 

(Ham-Genoa-Bol no)
SPICY iTAii

AN

TUNA

t , .
t I ,. ‘ _ _
,  22§p9rts ALBANY STUDENT PRESS t:I TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, I984
I g c — ‘ , ' ’ I I
2 JV Danes lose-57—56 heartbreaker to Williams
M . By Michael Skolnlck Albanyto go into the lockerroom game on ice as freshman John
STM'F‘VK'TER _ at halftime leading 31-26. Carmello, who also suited up for
" Two different teams showed up The team stretched its halftime the varsity game, went to the line
,. ' for Albany Saturday night as the lead to 41-33 with IS minutes left for a one-and-one but he failed to
 . junior varsity squad took on in the game on strong play by Ax- convert the free throw and that
 Williams College. The first team Chad and Tony Dickens. it was at gave Williams a cltance to take
1 ' prayed strong defense, showed this point when Harrington and their first lead since early in the
i poise and patience on offense. Swindell.went to work and the first half.
._ The other team played a confused Danes started to lose their They did so as Swindell follow-
 and disorganized second half composure. ‘ ed his miss witlt a lS-footer that
I  both on-offense and defense and was on target.
3' , lost the game by a point 57-56 on "We weren’t patient enough on Albany then had one last
i ii basket scored by Dave Swindell offense and we started to make chance to conte away with the
,i of Williams off a rebound of his fundamental mistakes on defense win. After Swiitdcll's shot they
own missed shot with four which hurt us," explained Head got the ball to midcourt and call—
& ‘ seconds left in the game. The loss Coach Jim Boland. ed time out with two seconds left.
'f evened the Dane‘s record at H as Axelrod added, “They made a Boland took that time to set up a
i the they opened their season with good adjustment switching to a play that had Dickens coming off
 a 91-68 thrashing of Division I man-to-man defense which put of a back pick and Carmello in-
; ~ Colgate. pressure on us and our impatience bounding tlte ball to hint. The
 cost us. play worked as Dicketts received
 The game began sloppily as This is probably best explained the pass but his short shot went
 both teams missed shots and by the fact that most of the in-and -out, which scaled the
‘ there was no score for the first- players are freshman and have to Danes’ fate for the evening
two minutes of play. Albany make the adjustment from high
played in its traditional tough school to college basketball. After the game Boland remark-
* man-to-man defense which star- With eight minutes rcmaittitig ed that they didn‘t put enough
1 red two big men Brett Axelrod Albany’s lead was cut to two and pressure defensively on their two
i and Jeff Kec causing Williams to the Danes would score only four leading scorers. Additionally, ltc
ti force many shots. more baskets the rest of the way. noted that ' Williams benefittcd
", “We played tough in the first It was 52-48 with 5:54 remaining from being in the onc—ttnd-onc
e . half and we showed patience on and then Harrington hit two con- situation with ten mimitcs left itt
.5 offense," said Axelrod who led secutive shots from the perimeter the game while Albany didn’t go
the team with 23 points and 19 to tie the game at 52 with 4:44 to the one-and one-until the final
I rebounds. left. The Danes seemingly wrap- two minutes.
it was Axelrod’s three-point pcd tip their second win as Ax-
‘t‘ play that stretched the Danes’ clrod scored four points to put “This was obviously a game wc_
"it lead to four, 24~20, with five Albany tip by fottr, 56-52 with should have won, bittwc let it slip
5 minutes remaining in the first 2:40 remaining in the game. through ottr hands. Wc ticcd to
i half. On the next sequence, Harr- correct some obvious flaws on
3 For Williams, their team was itigtott made one out of two free defense attd get better shots on
‘ composed of Swindell and guard throws attd stole the ball as offense."
1 ‘ “  LUCKEVUPS Mike Harrington who were Williams cut Albany's lead to Thc l.)ztne.splayt|icirncxtgumc
;  Tony Dickens goes up 'or a |ay_up m a scﬂmma e earner In me responstble for 32 of Williams 57 56~5.5. Wit h l : l 0 seconds at .Umvcrsity Gym tomorrow
if year. The JV team ls now 1-1 after thelr loss to illlams. Pmms’ They were coffa'fcd we” "cmawng' “gem-“l (Omani! WOIHICI‘Ing
in the first half which allowed Albany had it chance to pitt the which team will show up. i l
‘
it -
:" I
 SandWIches 8: Salads
 .
w ‘ I -
i If you ha ven t med our 8,3”. BOLOGNA
, am-Pepperoni-Genoa-Bologna)  & Cm
 SUBWAY SPECIAL

 

 

Served with your chance of O Amenun Cheese 0 Onions. Ltnuu I Dill Hcltles I Tomatoes
Green Peppers OBlnek Olives. Salt. Pepper and Oil

 

TUESDA Y, DECEMBER 4, 1984 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

Dane gymnasts topple Hunter in season debut

'By Cathy Errlg
STAFF WRITER

Throughout the semester, a certain
group of women students have been
boasting of their unique capabilities. For
example, a recent ASP personal read
Albany State Gymnasts; we do it with our
toes pointed.

This weekend they finally went public
with their true abilities as they opened their
1984-85 season with a l47.9-l35.l victory
over Hunter College at University Gym,
outscoring the visitors in all four gym-
nastic events.

Pat Duvall-Spillane, presently in her
eighth season as head gymnastics coach at
Albany, was well satisfied with the team's
performance.

Said Duvall-Spillane, “My goal was for
the team to score over MO and we achieved
that. For a first meet, we did very well."

Saturday's meet was, as are many first
seasonal meets. not without its difficulties.

The first setback occurred prior to thc
mect‘s beginning, when one of the officials
failed to show up, (in gyntnastics, at least
two judges are required to score each gym-
nast, the official score being the average of
the two marks). During the long 45 iiiiittttc
delay, the spectators were treated to a titti-
quc spectacle: the two opposing teams, led
by Albany‘s captain Lynn Saravis, stretch-
ed iii uttisott to maintain their warmed-up
condition.

After contacting the missing official.
who claitttcd to have never received the
contracts, thc nicet finally began with
Albany immediately taking the lead with
an cxccllent vault by sophomore Carol
llart, ti handspring that earned her an 8.2
out of a possible 8.8.

Albany won the event by the score of
41.0-39.8. individually. top ltonors went
to Albany’s Sue Lcskowilz and Hunter's
Stephanie Sniitlt, both scoring 8.5's.
Leskowitz, iii achieving this score, set it
new University rccord.

The next rotation was to the urtcvctt
parallel bars, wltcrc Hunter's chbic
Gizutgrasso executed a remarkably smooth
routitic to win the event with an 8.l score.
Albany‘s depth iii the event, however.
which enabled the team to take the next six
placcs gave the team the edge, as they
outscored Hunter 35.6—29.2.

It was during the tcn~niinutc intermis-
sion warm-up period that a major set-buck

Women cagers off to fast start with

occured for Albany. Junior Karen Bailey,
while practicing a difficult tumbling run,
suffered a bad landing which resulted in
two sprained ankles. According to spotter
Brian LaDuke, whose experience in gym-
nastics includes seven years at the Nor-
theast institute of Gymnastics,

“If we had had the springed floor we re-
quested at the end of last season, her in-
jury would not have been as bad. At Nor-
theast we have such a ﬂoor and it has
definitely cut down on injuries of that
nature.”

Although obviously upset by Bailey's in-
jury. the team maintaitied their concentra-
tion to increase their lead to ll0.9-102.0 by
winning the balance beam competition.
Hunter’s Jaime Schnitzer and Albany's
Brenda Armstrong won the event. both
scoring 7.3's.

The last rotation was to the floor exer-
cise where Albany piit the finishing
touches on its victory, outscoring Hunter
37.0-33.l.

Here, it was Albany freshman Michele
l-lusak’s turn to shine as she seemingly ex-
ccutcd with case it difficult routine
higltlightcd by an opening double-semi
tutnbling run that carried hcr an 8.l. Arm-
strong, consistent throughout the ctitire
meet was so here again, scoring a 7.7 to
take second, and Saravis, pcrfortitittg I0
“Hooked on Swing," roused the most cn»
tltusiastic crowd rcsponsc, placing third
with a 7.4.

The team was cxtrcmcly pleased with
their first pcrforinancc.

“it was good for a first meet,”
acknowledged LaDLIkc. “We could still
use a lot of improvctticnt, however,
especially on bars and beam. The team is
going to have to do more full routines
cvcryday."

Saravis was especially pleased with the
team‘s response to Bailey's injury.

“The team kept itself together despite
the crisis and tttttiittaincd a confident at-
titude; it really didn't affect us too much.
That‘s important itt this sport because you
ticvcr know wlicti changes will happen."

As for tltc seasonal outlook. Duvttll-
Spillane forsccs a promising picture.

“i feel this team is up to par with last
year's tczun,(\vhich set a University tcant
record with 156.25 points). ’l‘hcrc‘s a lot of
depth tilt this team and quite :t fcw poten-
tial ttll—uroundcrs. The ratth of scores was

 

 

 

 

 


 r they are the best you
i ever had.

 

 

 

 

 ‘ 482-4119
l' * REE DELNERY

" 7pm—2am

 

 

 

 

LUCKEY UPS

Cindy Jensen guards an Oneonta player during the Danes’ two-point vlclory. The

Women are now a healthy 3-1.

very close today, which is a good indicator
of the team’s depth.”

The validity of this statement lies within
the fact that the ’84—'85 Albany Gym-
nastics team is, for the most part, a
stronger, more experienced version of last
year's team. Having lost only two
members to graduation. The team added
five new gymnasts and will be further aid-
ed by three members who were unable to
compete throughout most of last season
due to injuries.

Returning this year for their fourth
seasons at Albany are Seniors Lynn
Saravis, Jennifer Cleary, and Anne
Thamasett. Saravis was awarded the team
Most improved Player last year and was
voted team captain, a position she feels
allows her to become more involved with
the teatii as a whole. in demonstration of
this. “Vicious”, as her teammates call her
put the teatn through an intensive six-
weck, pro-season conditioning regimen
which resulted in the team‘s extreme
cohesiveness.

Clcary, a senior front Hicksville, has
been for the past tltrcc years one of the
tctint‘s most consistent beam cotiipetitors.
Thamasctt, a senior front Vestal, is a
strong all-around gymnast whose ability is
highlighted by her difficult bar routine.

Juniors Karen liziilcy. Karen Tliamiisctt,
and Brenda Armstrong, all itt their third
seasons, will all bc strong all-around
cottipctitors.

Armstrong and Bailey both had outstan-
ding scttsons last year which resulted itt
their qualifying for tltc NCAA Division ll
chionals. in addition, Armstrong was
awarded the team MVP award.
'l‘humusctt. front Vestal, is especially
strong on tltc vault and uneven parallel
bars.

Returning Sophomores ittcludc Nora
Belluntoni, Carol Bart, Karrie Brooking,
Lisa Albancsc. Karen Davis and Tcrri
Sokol. licllatoni, Burt and Sokol establish-
cd thcmsclvcs last year as definite tcam
assets; licllnntoni adding depth on bars
and floor cxcrcisc, Sokol, an excellent
\'tlLlilL‘I‘ \t Ito also cotttpctcs on bars and
beam, and Burt on tltc vault, beam and
bars.

Sophotttorcs lh‘ottking, Albtinesc and
Davis were all iitjurcd throughout most of
last season, Brooking and Davis with
clbow fractures and Albuncsc with a

By Kristine Sauer
STAFI' ll Rlllzk

After four games, two of which wcre
against SUNYAC rivals Oneonta and Cor-
tland, the Albany State women's basket-
ball team can hold their heads high, as they
held their own, emerging with a 3-] overall
record.

Starting off the season at R.P.l., the
Dane women defeated R.P.l., 80-59.

“It was a good ﬁrst game," said Albany
Head Coach Mari Warner. “Everyone
played and got those first game jitters out
of the way."

The scoring on the team was well-
rounded with high scores coming from
Kim Kosalek( 20 points),Rainny Lesane(l7
points), and Lori Bayba (14 points). Addi-
tionally. Kosalek dominated the boards
for Albany with it reb0unds.

The Albany-Oneonta game last Tuesday
was a classic, with Albany edging past
Oneonta in the final six seconds to win by
two. Oneonta. who was in last year's
SUNYAC ﬁnals, was expected to be tough
competition.

The game seesawed back and forth until
the final quarter when the excitement real.
ly mounted. The Danes, down by five
points with five minutes to go in the game.
made a comeback and were tip by fottr
with 55 seconds remaining on the clock.
Onconta's comeback, to tie it with six
seconds, was followed by Lcsnnc's winn-
ing basket.

"it was a tltrillcr, said Conch Warner.“

separated shoulder. Brooking’s specialty is
the balance beam while Albanese hopes to
compete on bars. Davis is an all-around
gymnast whose strongest events are the
beam and floor exercises. ‘.

New to the team this season are
sophomores Leslie Steckel, and Sue

Leskowitz, and freshman Karen Vlasaty, .
Jennifer Seskin and Michelle Husak.
Steckel, from Brewster, is most consis—
tent on bars and possesses, according to
21>

 

 

 

UPS
Karen liailey sprained both her ankles
practtctng herlandlng on a tumbling run.

3-1 record

The game was close all the way through, a
really physical emotional game."

High scorer was Bayba with 16 points,
followed by Lesane with l4 and Jill Silver-
tnan with 12. Bayba also contributed eight
rebounds.

After such an exciting game, the women
suffered their first loss last Thursday
against Cortland. another expected tough
one. Cortland won, 56-42. Lesane scored
l7 points while Kosalek added 10 points.
Bayba. injured with a bruised foot. sat out
the game.

"We were murdered on the boards and
were playing really flat and slow,” said
Warner.

On Saturday, at Binghamton, the Danes
were back to playing their game, defeating
Binghamton, 68-56. Top scorer was
Lesane with 25 points, most of which were
from break away layups off of steals.
Kosalek and Ronnie Patterson both had
seven points followed by a lot of one-point
contributions.

“l'm pleased we are running fairly
well," said warncr. “Against Binghamton
we were bringing the ball down the court
quickly and breaking. Against Cortland
they broke on us and l think of us as a fair-
ly quick team. Rebounding is going to be a
continual problem. Overall we are where l
though we'd be."

The women Datics will host St. Rose
tonight at 7 p.m.“Si. Rose is zi smaller
team so we should control the boards, but
they are also a quick team," said Warner.

 

a. . .. s. -. .. .-. ._ _ - .. _'-.....¥‘_.n-‘ _‘.

