   
       

 

 

Sports F riday

   

NOVEMBER I6, I984

 

 

 

 

Men, women harriers confident for Nationals

By Cathy Errig
STAFF WRITER

Last year, when the Albany
State men’s cross country team
departed from Albany en route to
compete in the NCAA Division

 I ,- W3 ‘51.. v.-
V » 3]; Q. 

III Nationals. they drove off in a
decorated van complete with
good-luck wishbones. com-
pliments of their female
counterparts.

This year however, instead of

 

merely sending their good wishes
and enthusiasm. the women's
cross country team is sending
itself to Delaware, Ohio, where it
will compete, for the first time
ever, in the NCAA Nationals as
well.

Departure from SUNYA took
place at the gym at 6:30 pm. last
night, amidst much enthusiasm,
cheering and well-wishing from
fellow teammates and students.
The atmosphere was that of in—
tense exeitement and pride, (one
could almost see the flag—waving
Americans of last summer’s
Olympic Games), and also a
touch of nervousness.

“I had a hard time studying
and paying attention in my classes
today,” remarked the elated
Lynn Jacobs. “But I’m really
psyched to run hard and I’m
looking forward to doing well.”

“Doing well" will mean dif-
ferent things to the two squads.
For the men. who are making
their 12th trip to this competition
and their second visit in as many
years, a finish within the top 10

place finish. Several factors, he
feels, contribute to this improve-
ment; the most significant being a
more aggressive attitude and an
increase in conﬁdence.

“It’s a very different situation
from last year; we were all over-
awed and inexperienced,” said
Clements. “This time around we
know what to expect, we have six
runners who have gained a year's
experience and expect to do
better."

In order to do so, Muncie feels
that the team will have to go out
much faster than it did in last
Saturday’s regional meet, a meet
in which the team's surge late in
'the race was the key to the team’s
success.

“It will be a big field,” com-
mented Muncie, “and competi-
tion will be very tight. We'll have
to be up there in the first mile and
a half, not surge later and try to
make it up."

As for individual perfor-
mances, Ed MeGill, the team's
front runner, placed seventh in
the regional, figures to be the

“Hopefully we will all come
together this weekend," McGill
said. “No one has hit their ab-
solute peak race yet; we're stepp-
ing up to that point."

The goals of the women's team
are somewhat different from
those of the veteran men. a factor
that stems from the very different
attitudes of the women. Feelings
of disbelief are prevalent among
the team members, understan-
dable when one considers that
none of the runners making the
trip to Ohio are seniors and two
are freshmen.

Said freshman Rachel Braslow,
“Never did I ever think we would
be going to Nationals; 1 never im-
agined it would actually happen. 1
am very nervousl"

Coach Ron White, however,
feels confident that his team “is
not tired yet, they still have
another race in them." A finish
somewhere in the middle oftlte 12
competing teams is the prediction
of White, a prediction he made
with a great deal of reserve for, as
he pointed out, “We have not

The men and women harrlors deptarttig from Albany last night to
e .

Ohio where the NCAAa are being

  
   

By Keith Marder

SPOR TS EDITOR

 

‘ TOM KACANDES ASP

out of a field of 21 teams, will
make Coach Bob Muncie “ex-
tremely happy."

Runner Ian Clements considers
a finish within the top seven as be—

team’s best hope for All- competed against the majority of

American honors. However,
while MeGill sees this as a definite
goal and possibility. he is not
thinking of it too much; the team

the teams that will be running on
Saturday.

“It’s a select group we're deal-
ing with, and very difﬁcult to

I would be willing to bet anyone, and give odds no less. that the Albany State Great

Danes were the best 5-5 team in the countr
my point.

y. Just one gander at their schedule will prove

First of all, they played three tough Division 11 schools: Springfield, New Haven and
Southern Connecticut. I'd like to see Hofstra, Union or Plymouth State play these teams
and come away with a win. Also, Albany played a very tough Division III schedule. In-
cluded in it were Ithaca, who is now in the ECAC playoffs and suffered their only loss of

OFFENSE

Quarterback: Mike Milano looked as if he
were on the verge of another record-
breaking year this season, but then he went
down in the first game against Ithaca with
a broken ﬁbula. Sound familiar? Well it
should. Last year Dave Soldini went down
against Ithaca in the first game of the
season with the same injury and came
back. We all know what he did this season,
don’t we? Jeff Russell and Anthony Nozzi
replaced Milano from there on in. The two
performed well, improving each game. but
they didn't seem to have Milano‘s flair.
Russell seemed to gain conﬁdence and
started airing out his arm as the season
wore on. Nozzi deﬁnitely improved in his
ability to read defenses. This was never
more apparent than it was against Marist
in the ﬁnal game of the season when he ran
in two touchdowns.

GPA: 2.56

Running Backs: The second half of the
season the running back corps got A’s or
better and that was no coincidenceJn the
ﬁrst game of the season the wishbone star
was Caesar Revano, who rushed for 79
yards. But when Soldini took over, he got
more yards than that on one rush alone
against Norwich — 91. Soldini was great
all season. as he ended up with 1,017
yards. a new Great Dane record. Ro Mit-
chell also had some real big runs, both in-
side and outside. Dave Melvin was out
there setting some bone-crushing blocks
that were responsible for many. many
yards. With all of these guys coming back

next year the 'bone will be running again.
even better than this year.
GPA: 3.44

Offensive Line: They are from left to
right, Mike Rule, Mike Moriarity, Pat Mc-
Cullough, Tom Jacobs and John
Sawchuck. And they were great. The
whole line did an outstanding job at both
protecting the quarterback and paving the
way for running backs. Jake played up to
an All-American's status. He and
Sawchuck dominated their side of the line
of scrimmage for the most part. The left
side also played extremely well as most of
the outside runs by Mitchell were to their
side. We can’t forget Ross Setlow who
played extremely well when he was in there
but then he got hurt and acted as an expert
offensive analyst for me. Next year with
the exception of Jake (and maybe the
Sawman), they will all be back. And don't
forget, if it weren’t for one real bad outing
against Southern Connecticut their GPA
would be much higher.

GPA: 3.01

Reclevers: I feel bad for the recievers in a
wishbone offense, they don't really get a
shot to catch the ball, so their GPA is pro-
bably lower than they deserved. They were
pretty consistent throughout and didn't
drop too many. Don't forget ‘that next
year, John Donnelly. Chris Haynor and
Scott Reagan will all be back next year.
Donnelly can also throw the ball well
which makes him a double'threat. Next
year I look for the receivers to catch a lot

 

ing Wilhin "33011- quite an im- aspect overrides individual
rovement over last year's 18th

  

as - irations.

THE FINAL GREAT DANE TRANSCRIPT

the season to the Great Danes. Norwich also got through the season with only one loss

predict," said White. “It will be
18>

 
  
 

and one scare from the Danes as Albany was winning 17-0 at one point. Hofstra, another
big 9-1 team would have lost to Albany if it weren’t for a clipping penalty on a Kerry Car-
roll interception return. Their coach even admitted that Albany would have been
undefeated with Hofstra's schedule. But schedules are made by the schools, and Albany
is not a school that is willing to setle for lesser competition for a good record. At least

they can say they earned their record.

Well, here it is, my final Great Dane Transcript. I will talk about each position on the
football team. give you their rating for the year.

more passes.
GPA: 2.58

DEFENSE

Defensive Line: What a group. Dennis
Murphy, George Iaccobaccio, John Red-
mond, Ron Washington, Rick Punzone,
Ron Putelo and Chris Esposito, who could
be the next Jim Canfield. according to
defensive tackle coach Tom Whiteley. All
of these guys had a super year. As a matter
of fact. Washington was the Danes’ only
offense in the New Haven when he ran
back an interception for 76 yards and a
touchdown.But the whole line put a lot of
pressure on the opposing team's quarter-
back, forcing them into mistakes. They
were also very stingy on the run.

GPA: 3.36

Linebackers: Jim Valentino is great, it’s as
simple as that. He will be sorely missed
next year. But there are others that can
more than hold their own out there.
Besides Val, the team's number one
tackler, there were Pierre Roulier, Frank
Sarcone and Bo Murphy, all quality
players in their own right. In Albany's
defense it is usually tough to see what the
linebackers are doing. But if you look into
it a little bit, you will see that this is the
center of the Danes’ defense in more than
just position. '

GPA: 3.30

Secondary: Jim Collins and Ray Priore

each played Well in their senior years. But.

the real story back here was the ﬂeet-

footed Wayne Anderson, who picked off
many passes and stopped a lot of long runs
from going any longer. Matt Karl did a
very good job stopping runs from going
aroung the corners. Scott Dmitrenko and
Carroll played very well for youngsters
once they learned the system.

GPA: 3.12

SPECIAL TEAMS .
Specials: Besides the fumbled punts it
wasn’t that bad. There were some big run-
backs like Mitchell’s record setting 95-yard
touchdown kickoff runback. The defense
played very well on punts but their kickoff
coverage did leave a lot to be desired. Donv
nelly did a good job throwing on two-
pointers and most of the Danes’ fakes were
successful unlike their not so lucky
opponents.
GPA: 2.69

Kicking Game: Mark Piersimoni had a
very good season, just missing the record
for punting average. As far as the
placekickers go. Charlie Giknis kicked the
longest kickoff I've ever seen live when it
went out of the end zone. He was pretty
consistent. Dave Lincoln wasn't as consis-
tent. He would hit a 47-yarder one minute
and miss one in the thirties the next.
GPA: 3.08

Overall GPA: 3.02
Offensive GPA: 2.90
Defensive GPA: 3.26
Special Teams GPA: 2.89

 

 

V.
i

I
"t
.r
i

4's: .: .‘ea‘ .

 

 

you resist it, you’ll still be

VOLUME LXXI

“Students aren’t tolerant
enough. . .if you listen,
you can understand. If

having trouble at the end
of the year.”

——Dcan Harry Hamilton

PUBLISHED AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW

  
 
  

 
     
 

 

 

 

 

of five words.
But according to other SUNYA

Increasing numbers of students officials, private discussion may

Students blamed for difficulties
in comprehending foreign profs

By Dean Chang

MAN/HUNG EUI I'DR

English as a Foreign Language
(TOEFL) score of 600 or better,
which is above the normal adinis»

say they are having trouble in

sion standards for other graduate

1 Hamilton, it

 

their classes because they can‘t
understand their instructor's
English, but according to
SUNYA's Dean of
Undergraduate Studies Harry
might be the
students“ own faults.

“A number of students are of-
fended by an accent of any sort.”
said Hamilton. “Students aren't
tolerant enough to put in the ef-
fort to understand the accent. If
you listen, you can understand. If
you resist it. you’ll still be having
trouble at the end of the year."

Hamilton said he has in-
vestigated various complaints
lodged by students with this pro~
blem. In most cases, he said he
found that the instructor in ques-
tion spoke and understood
English “quite well." He recalled
a 30 minute talk with a teaching
assistant from India, where, he
said, he may have missed a total

not be the ,best means of deter-
mining a person's ability to com-
municate with others in a
classroom.

“Even a one-to~one conversa—
tion can’t ascertain as to how ef-
fective a person is in com-
municating," said Sorrcll Chesin,
Associate Vice President of
University Affairs, who added,
“Teaching in a classroom calls
for different skills.”

Most of the instructors students
say they have had problems
understanding have been foreign
graduate students. In the past two
years. requirements have been
stiffened to insure that these
foreigners can, in fact, speak
English, according to Jeffrey Col-
lins, Assistant to the Dean of
Graduate Studies.

Foreign students must pass two
guidelines in order to teach in
front of a classroom, Collins said.
The candidate must have a Test of

students. Collins said, adding that
the student must also be recom-
mended by the department chair.

Communications Department

'Chair Kathleen Kendall said she

thinks "it would be very good if
the University took one more step
forward. The TOEFL score isn't
enough. I'd like to see the
Graduate Studies office have a
better test of oral English." Ken-
dall asserted that even though a
TOEFL score is high enough to
indicate that a person has a firm
grasp of the English language,
that is not a guarantee that the
person can give a classroom
lecture.

According to Hamilton, the
Economics department hired so-
meone for a teaching position
with the knowledge that he could
not speak English well, but in all
other respects, the man was

16>

Turkey day history stuffed with memories

shadowed the news from Europe, where World
War II was beginning its rampage across Europe

By Jacquie Clark

STAFF WRITER

Turkeys aren't the only ones with historic gripes
about Thanksgiving. In 1939 some Americans
became incensed when President Franklin Delano
Roosevelt changed the day the holiday was
celebrated from the last Thursday to the fourth

Thursday in November.

According to accounts printed in The New York
Times in November, 1939, the change even over-

Studenta buying their turkey

holiday.

  

refrigerators,

posters say.

Most students are going home to celebrate

  

and the world.

Many New England towns refused to celebrate
Thanksgiving on any other day than the last Thurs-
day of November, and even then Maine Governor
Lewis Barrows refused to eat turkey on the new

“You wouldn't eat oysters in July, you wouldn't
watch a football game in April. and you wouldn't
eat a turkey on November 23." Barrows was
quoted as saying at the time.

Such were the radicals of 1939.

Now. after 43 years, the sparks have diminished

' and most of the rebellious spirits have either died or
come to accpet the new tradition.

At SUNYA, most students will be going home to
celebrate the holiday with their families. Classes are
suspended Wednesday. November 21 at 5:35 pm.
and resume Monday, November 26 at 8:00 am.

All residence halls uptown will be closed and
students are expected to vacate their dorms.
Residence halls will reopen at 12:00 pm. on Sun-
day, November 25.

Students will be expected to unplug their dorm
according to posters distributed
around campus by the Office of Residential Life. In
addition, all appliances should be unplugged, the

16>

YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

  

* Tuesday  ‘
November 20,1984

(NUMBER 40

 

to push 21 proposal

By Beth Finneran
smrr WRITER

l9 and 20 year olds may still be able to legally enjoy a New
Year’s Eve drink this January, as a spokesperson for New York
Governor Mario Cuomo says a drinking age hike isn't currently on
the agenda for Dccember's special legislative session.

Despite this temporary reprieve, SUNYA's Student Action Com-
mittee is already beginning to mobilize against any possible push
for a 21 year old drinking age.

Anticipating 21 to be an issue in the special session, which is
scheduled for the first week of December, SAC Chair Steve Gawley
reported that a meeting was held last Thursday as part ofa planned
Alcohol Awareness Campaign which Student Association hopes
will help halt a 21 year old drinking age.

New York’s current drinking age is 19, but Cuomo has been a
strong advocate onI, and earlier this year, a State Assembly bill to
raise the drinking age to 21 only failed by several voles.

Since then, President Ronald Reagan has signed legislation that
would cut federal highway funds going to state governments that
fail to approve a 2| drinking age by October 1986.

Although Cuomo press officer Madeline Lewis said 21 would
not be on the agenda of the December legislative session. she did
say she was "sure that it (2|) will come up again in the new
legislative session in January.”

Gawley, however, is still concerned that the 21 proposal may
come up in December. He said he doesn't want students to be un-
prepared if a 21 bill is introduced. “The meeting was a briefing on
21." he said, “basically for awareness. but also to procure

“The emphasis should not be on
our age. It should be on

enforcement and education. .. ”
———Gregg Rothschild

 

 

educated lobbyists."

Gawley reported that 41 students reported for lobbying.

Strident Action Committee vice chair Gregg Rothschild describ-
ed the briefing as a strategy session to present “a three pronged ap-
proach to attack the 21 year old drinking age." The steps will in-
clude, according to Rothschild, an Awareness Campaign, a letter
writing drive, and actual lobbying.

The Awareness Campaign, which began with Thursday's brief-
ing. consists of a petition drive on quad dinner lines and in the
Campus Center, as well as publicity through posters placed across
campus. Gawley said.

Letter writing and lobbying, Rothschild said, would be targeted
at certain key legislators and committee members. “The em—
phasis." Rothschild explained, "should not be on our age. It
should be on enforcement and education  and that's what we’re
going to say when we go downtown” to the capital.

The biggest danger. both Gawley and Rothschild said, is the
federal legislation which prohibits states who don‘t implement a 21
year old drinking age October 1, 1986 from receiving federal
highway funds.

New York State would reportedly lose a total of $90 million in
highway funds over two years if 21 is not implemented.

“We attempted to confront the Governor's biggest piece of am-
munition, which is denial ofstate highway funds." by showing that
the “loss of revenues that are related to taxes and liquor may be
higher than losses in highway funds," Gawley stated.

"I think the only real chance we have is the federal legislation be-
ing challenged in the courts. That will be the key." Gawley said.

“ Right now a lot of groups are taking on the US. governtnent,"
Rothschild added.

The federal legislation. according to Gawley, is a “direct infr-
ingement on the pcrogative of the states to legislate themselves."
and could be overturned by federal courts.

Lewis said, “it (21) is an important enough law that it should be
done by itself and not as a threat upon the states.“

Gawley also claimed that there is “no significant evidence on 21
that's new. The issue hasn't changed. only the motivations. It
would be a real injustice to see 21 passed due to federal
blackmail."

“It's going to be difficult." to stop 21, Gawley asserted. "Our
goal is to stall until we see what the court case brings us."

“it’s an uphill battle. but it was tough last year and we won."
Rothschild agreed. adding. “The states that have shown that (Driv-
ing While Intoxicated tickets) DWl’s have gone down show that
it's been in conjdnction with education and strict enforcement of
DWI laws," and not necessarily because of a higher drinking age. .

 

 

 

   

Gov. waiting till ’85???

 

  

 

