   
     

 

.K.

   

  
   
   
   
   
  

 

      
    
   
   
 
    
    

.~_.c.,..._~ ‘ “Mm .

, . Mac-c--.” a- N_ ~DMM what.-.“ ~.. ~._

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Andy Targovnlk
. srom warm:
The battle of New York, New Jersey,
‘ The Meadowlands, or whatever has finally
come to not so dramatic an end. Jet fans

* mumbling the names Marion Barber and

Bobby Humphery in their sleep. Hum-

. . phery seems to have trouble catching one
' ‘ type of pass--the type that hits both hands
-.simultaneously.....Did anybody catch the

camera shot of Joe Klecko pulling down
his pants on the sidelines? At least women
Jet fans had something to get excited
about.....0ne positive sign for the Jets was
the performance of Ken O'Brien. However
he's no Dan Marino quite yet...

It looks like Joe Walton’s days with the
Jets may be numbered but let’s give him
credit where he deserves it. Remember how
'everybody knocked him when be unloaded
Abdul Salaam, Kenny Neil, and Stan
Bllnka. Not only was Blinka released from
the Broncos but Salaam was released from
the Chargers and Neil couldn't even pass
the physical. If the Charger defense gave
them the axe could you imagine how
pathetic they must have been. I heard the
Chargers even gave Phyllis George a
tryout. Let's also not forget how Walton
finally got rid of Richard Todd.
Remember how excited Todd said he was
when he was traded? He said he had a
whole new start. A new start but the same
old performance — inept.

The Giants will go to the playoffs but
are a couple of running backs away from
challenging the 49ers or Redskins.....The
Giants’ best friend may have been the
schedule maker. Since the Giants were
considered the away team in the Jets-
Giants game, they really ltave nine home
games although they only officially have
eight. Bill Parcells deserves credit for the
job he's done with the Giants this year. He
atoned for playing Scott Brunner instead
of Phil Slmms last year...ln case anybody

is wondering what happened to Brunner,
he is the third-string quarterback for the
Broncos.

Coaches who will definitely get the hook
this year — Monte Clark, Kay Stephen-
son, and Les Steekel ofthe Lions. Bills and
Vikings, respectively. If I were Dan Henn-
lng. Frank Kush, John Macovlc or
Walton. I would possibly start to consider
looking for a job elsewhere. One coach
who should get the hook who will not is
Bum Phillips. Anybody who could play
Ken Stabler or Todd above Dave Wilson is

20 sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDA Y, DECEMBER 11, I984

A'Writer’s impression Of the 1984 NFL season

hits him (Actually he was still in bounds).
The intimidated referree throws a flag.

If you think that the Dolphins are the
least penalized team year after year
because they commit the least penalties
you've got another think coming. It's just
that the referrees can’t call too many
penalties against King Shula. Also, how
could the NFL pass a rule outlawing ex-
cessive celebration? I’ll tell you how. The
King brought the rule up to the rules com-
mittee. You see, Don Shula couldn’t stand
to see the Redskins fun bunch celebrate

Did anybody catch the camera shot of Joe
Klecko pulling down his pants on the
sidelines? At least women Jet fans have
something to get excited about.

 

missing something somewhere.....The
Coach of the Year should be Chuck Knox
or Dan Reeves depending on who wins the
Seahawk-Bronco season finale. In the
beginning of the year I caled the Seahawks
a fluke. Mr. Knox and Seahawks...i
apologize.

On the subject of coaches there is one
that deseres mentioning, namely Don
Shula. Shula is one of the greatest if not
the greatest coach in the history of the
NFL. However it is an absolute disgrace
how he controls the referees and the NFL
in general. In the Raiders-Dolphin game a
few weeks ago, it was noted by the an-
nouncers that Shula had been complaining
to the referees about the Raiders hitting
the Dolphin players after they were out of
bounds. So what happens? Tony Nathan is
barely out of bounds when Lester Hayes

and rain on his Super Bowl parade in
Super Bowl XVII. It was too hard for him
to watch Mark Gastlneau dance after he
sacked the king’s precious Prince Marino.
Come on Commissioner Rozelle, children
get spoiled if you always let them get their
way.

Will Doug Flutie be able to play in the
NFL? I say no. The last 5’9" quarterback
that was supposed to be a star got pretty
much trampled on and was forced into ear-
ly retirement. If you don’t remember that
it was Pat Haden that I’m talking about I
guess you never noticed him. ‘Sorry Mr.

 

Flutie, history has a way of repeating
itself.

Bears coach Mike Ditlta may have put
himself in a hole by trading Bob Avelllnl to
the Jets. If Jim McMahon isn’t recovered
by playoff time the Bears are in a lot of
trouble. I mean any offense which can ac-
tually make the Charger defense look good
is really hurting.

If the NFL season were to start over
again today, the winner of the AFC central
would be the Houston Oilers (No — your
eyes aren’t going bad). Warren Moon
seems to finally have got his act together.
Watch out for them in 19851

I know the Dolphins and 49ers have had
great season but the Raiders will win the
Super Bowl again. -

The best NFL commentator has to be
John Madden. He is funny, entertaining
and adds valuable insight to the game. The
worst commentator has to be John Brodie.
Brodie loves to give his opinion after the
play has happened. Case in point: The
Giants were playing some AFC team last
year and they have a third down and seven.
Brunner completes a pass to John Mistler
(remember him). The intelligent Brodie
comments, “Mistler is a good guy to go to
on a third and seven.” Why didn’t he say
that before the play if that is what he
thought? As far as Monday night com-
mentators go — I wonder Don Meredith
can do anything else but sing. I guess I just
kid myself into thinking that Meredith will
say something intelligent some day. i
figured out that viewers don't enjoy listen-
ing to the Monday Night commen-
tators —— it's just a taste you acquire. l 1

Go Dan es Go!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ﬁngoro

Cashmere
Cashmere Blends
i 00% Lambswool

  

in

 

"@oilil

NEED
CHRISTMHS
PRESENTS???
iBQIW Sweaters Catt

WWCODEESG‘TZLE
[PZK’MQESQW

ﬁrgyles-l 00%Shetlond Wool

crew necks. V-necks.
and cowlnecks available

 

all sizes and colors

 

 

 

 

 

 

.unOEReRHounTE
STUDENTS WHO WILL NOT
BE RETURNING TO some

FOR THE SPRING '35
SEMESTER (EXCEPT FOR
THOSE ON a LEHVE OF

HBSENCE). nusr FILE rm
OFFIcmL wrrHeRnwnt

FORM WITH THE
REGISTRHR'S OFFICE. ED
B-5. BY DECEMBER 21 IN
ORDER TO ctEnR THEIR

RECORDS HMO HVOIO
OTHER FINHNCIHL
OBuenTtOHs.

 

 

Zinnia/assent?2M"  “A ;:=» r. :- u v .-

l @QQEDGDEIE? 166775279365

" n'. I, '. _-~ .1“

 

 

 

 

 

 

4-1 with win over Plattsburgh

By Sue Riche

The Albany State women’s swimming
team advanced their record to 4-1 as they
defeated Plattsburgh State, 62-51. with
their outstanding efforts Here on Saturday.

Their victory included Doreen Clark's
1211.8 and Kris Monahan’s I:11.9 to take
ﬁrst and second places in the loo-yard
backstroke.

Carol Pearl’s 26.9 in the 50-yard
freestyle allowed her to take first, with
Kris Monahan just behind taking second
with 28.4.

Nancy Smith placed ﬁrst in the ZOO-yard
individual medley with 2:32.7. Smith's
time of 12:16.9 in the IOOO-yard freestyle
topped her previous times in this event for
the season. _

Mary Daly placed third in both the

SOO-yard and lOOO-yard freestyles. Daly
swam exceptionally well, as it was her first
attempt at both events.

Carol Elie‘s 2:09.4 in the ZOO-yard
freestyle was very impressive.

Iris Vardy racked up 134.7 pointsas she
placed second in the l-meter required div-
mg competitions.

“The Plattsburgh women’s swimming
coach expected to win,” said Jeff Ball.
'Albany State men's swimming team
captain.

According to Albany State’s Head
Coach Dave Turnage, “We have more
quality swimmers on Our team than does
Plattsburgh." The coach also added that
the women swimmers will continue to
show their outstanding qualities in the
future.

Dane grapplers remain undefeated

<Baek Page

“I knew I was in better shape than
him,” said Fox. “This team is in as good
shape as any team in the nation.”

Andy Seras spent most of the day as a
spectator rather than a wrestler. He won
by forfeit against Hartford and default
versus Brown. In Seras’ lone match, he
pinned Tim Martin in the second period.

Heavyweight Ivan “The Terrible” Katz
expended even less energy on Saturday.
Katz never stepped on the mat, winning by
forfeit in each meet.

Sophomore John Balog, wrestling at 150
pounds. recorded two runaway victories
over B.C.’s Jim Taylor, 17-3, and Brown’s
Jim Hanley on a technical superiority.

of Scott Bendett. who pinned his man in
the opening minute.

167‘pound Marty Pidell took two out of
three matches, decisioning Brown's Jim
Agresti and mauling Larry Cole from
Hartford in a technical superiority.
TAKEDOWNS: Over the Christmas
recess, DeMeo is hoping to send Averill,
Seras. and Sheldon to the Midlands Tour-
nament in Chicago. This tourney features
the top college wrestlers in the nation.
Plans are not definite; it hedges on
whether the athletic department will fund
the trip... The rest of the team will head
down to Pennsylavania to compete in
another highly regarded Christmas com-
petition. the Wilkes Tournament. B

7-0 Danes destroy Hunter

<Back Page

was a very disappointing loss," said
Sauers. “They were a better team last year
and we got an early lead and let it fritter
away. My players thought that game was a
mistake.” .

“They’re a lot bigger and stronger than
us," said David D’Amico who transfered
from Albany to Hunter this year. “They
have Gosule who is 6’7" shooting from the
top of the key. What can we do about
that?"

Last Saturday night the Danes traveled
up North to Plattsburgh and beat the Car-

The ASP resumes
publication on

  

dinals 75-57. That made the Danes 2-0 in
the SUNYAC conference, having also
beaten the Cortland Red Dragons.

HOOP-LA: The Danes are now one win
away from equalling their best start ever
when the team opened up with eight
straight wins...The Danes shot 40-66 from
the field and 7-7 from the line last
night...Hunter was not as on target. They
were 23-54 from the field and 8-14 from
the line...The Danes’ opponents have now
attempted 33 more foul shots than the
Danes have...Rich Chapman scored 12
points on 6-7 shooting and grabbed five re-
bounds. D

January 29

 

  

‘Biz‘llﬁo

ALIANY. NIW You
Thnuday, [marry 14. I”!
am" - Albany lab Theater

Performing Am Center
9:00 am. - 6.00 pm.

  

Puppeteers, and Costumers at CANOBIE LAKE.
Salem. New Hampshire; ADVENTURELAND, Des Molnes.
Iowa; DARIEN LAKE. Darlen Center. New York,
GEAUGA LAKE. Aurora. Ohio: HOLIDAY WORLD. Santa
Claus. lndlana; MAPLE LEAP VILLAGE. Niagra Falls.
0ntario,CANADAt MAGIC HARBOR. Myrtle Belch.

South Carolina: GREAT ESCAPE. Lake George. New York

Summer Theme Park Entertainment
Positions available now for Singera.Dancers.
Musicians. Techniciana.Animal Characters.

 

 

 

 
 

I TUESDAY, DECEMBER H, 1984 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESSVSpons 

Women swimmers up record to

 

Gentlemen Start Your
Engines

SKIPPERS' THVERN

(corner Of Ontario it Second)

Presents

The St Pauli Girl
(Live and in the Flesh)

THURSDAY DEC‘ 13
5PM—TILL 8

W\$l.00 Pauli Girls from
5pm til 10
with special gifts that will

 
  

 
    
 
 

 

Find girls we've got Joe S.
behind the bar for your
Enjoyment

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
     
 
 
 
 

THE SUNYA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION
PRESENTS:

SPRING
BREAK

IN ‘SUNY’ FORT
LAUDERDALE

   

$408 by air . $264 by bus

Group travel package includes 8 day/? nights oceanfront accom-
modations (quad occupancy),
discount fun hook, t-shirt, welcome party and
EITHER roundtrip deluxe motorcoaclt transportation
0R roundtrip scheduled air transportation with
transfers. All SUNYR travelers will be housed in
the same beachfront hotel, regardless of transportation option.
Spaces will be limited. Make your deposit ’ early! Deposit of
$30.00 due by March 1. Final
payment in full by March 15. DON‘T MISS THE SPECIAL $10.00
DISCOUNT FOR CURRENT UNDERGRADUATE
ALUMNI MEMBERS. Bring your own crowd!

  

 
   
 
 

 
  

 
      
       
    

for More lnlorrnatlon, contact Robin John-on in
the Alumni lioqu 457-1631

 
 
 

