a. ,

. meummmmm

‘1" (1%"

to mom this competition was, according to
‘Qg'at’nba, f‘a ,re,ward, rather than
{Scimethrng to be conquered. We were more
eggcited than nervous and had no real ex-
pectations. We were under no real pressure
to déi'w‘eili’  - v . .
n-“l'jhe‘tteam did, however, finish 'quite
wells,- ‘as. Pcttichord expressed, finishing
glghth'in the Nationals certainly proves the
fruc‘quulity of the female Danes. A5 White
ex ressed, "This is the most objective way
 'ec- which teams are truly in the top ten;
not".b'y. a poll but through an. actual
chziiiipiorrship.” 'r

 Leading the Danes to their fine finish
were Pettichord and Karen Kurthy, Pct-
tichord finishing the course in 18:51.0 to
take 40th overall, while Kurthy followed
less than a second later in 18.51.79 to take
4lst.

18 $30.13 AcaANy STUDENT Baass Cl TUESDAY, NOVEMBER”, 1984
Mama " harriers place 8th In NCAAs

‘3‘ TDonna‘Burnh-am was third V'fo'r the

Danes, finishing in 19:26.63 " for 68th.
Dzamba and Jacobs followed in fourth
and fifth.

Rachel' Braslow,_ (94th overall in
20:11.01), and Chris Varley, (105 in
20:59.40), rounded out the Dane's team.
The overall finishes of the team are rather
high dtteto the presence of individual corn-
petitors. individually, the race was .won by

1' Jtrlia Kirtland of McCales‘tcr College, St.

Patti, Minnesota in 17:23.6.
The results of the competition, both in—

' dividually and, most importantly, collec-

tively, could not have pleased the team
more. "i would love to repeat the whole
experience,” commented Pettichord. “it
was just great: it was really fun."

“For a group that had never been to a
national. they were exceptional,".
acknowledged White. “We definitely end-
ed the season on a positive note.” [—1

.aa

 

Kim Pettlchord finished doth overall and was the first Dane to cross the ilnish line at

the Nationals.

TOM KACANDES ASP

 

G'rapplers

eBack Page

class. And he did it rather
effortlessly.

;"Everyone expected Andy to
dowcll," said DeMeo. “But he
just "dominated."

ln-Scras’ three matches, he was
takenidown only once. That was
int-he finals against Bob Polo
from the Merchant Marines.
Seras :eventually topped Polo
14-7. ‘.
j..'fhe biggest surprise of the day
Was the first—place effort turned in
by Brooklyn's Sandy Adelstein. _

ln‘an all-Albany State finals,
Adelstein nipped Dane Matt Ryan
in sudden death.

Ryan, a transfer from
Brockport, is another member of
DeMeo's Adirondack Wrestling
Club, a factory for churning out
world-class wrestlers. '

DeMeo had kind words for
Adelstein. a qualifier for last
years NCAA's. “Adelstein is an
awfully talented athlete," said
DeMeo. "He’s got natural power
and has been developing quickly
since he came here."

A Buffalo University transfer,
Marty Pidel, also had an excep-
tional tournament. He placed se-
cond in the 167-pound division.

Junior John Balog, wrestling
up a class at 142‘pounds, placed
third in a competitive_ weight
class.

There were two other third
place surprise finishes:
sophomore heavyweight lvan
“The Terrible" Katz and
freshman Scott Bendatt, a local
product from Schenectady.

“To say lvan's improved is an
understatement." praised his
mentor. “Last year as a freshman
he had some troubles. This year
he’s found himself. He beat threc
good guys today."

TAKE DOWNS: The Danes wil.l
tangle with Potsdam tonight in
the University Gym...ln the re-
cent World Cup in Sweden,
Sheldon cupped the bronze and
Seras finished ﬁfth. Ryan also
competed and won his Opening
two matches. [:1

WANT TO
'WRITE
SPORTS?
CALL MARC
OR KEITH
AT 7-3322

 

“llTE BEER IS A [01' “RE
QUARTERBACKS.
I CAN’T WAIT TO GRAB
' HOLD OF ONE!’

BERT JONES

EX OUARTERBACK

rvrrzvrrtruc v?

urt'iwri'w ‘
u A arm. AND [55.

LC GREENWOOD
EX DEFENSIVE END

 

 

 

 

WWuu-W—«~ww «

Capital District teams to tip off} over weekend

By Keith Marder

SPORTSl EDI ma

The Albany State men's basketball team _

will open its Season this Saturday at the
RH Fieldhouse when they take on the
Union Dutchmen in the opening round of
the Capital District Tournament.

This year’s tournament will feature, as
usual the Great Danes, the Dutchmen, the
RH Engineers and a team from out of the
Capital District area. This year the out-
siders will be York College from the
CUNY Conference. York will oppose. RPl
in the first round.

At yesterday’s press luncheon, coaches
from all three of the area teams were in at-
tendance. None of the tltrce came out and
picked its own team as the pre-tournament
favorite, and they all considered the tour-
nament a wide open contest with each
team having a shot of taking it all.

Albany will field virtually the same team
it did in last year's tournament which they
won in an exciting final game against
Union. That was Albany's 12th Capital
District title, the most won by any team.

“We expected to have a lot of new
blood," said Sauers. “But we ended up
with a little which won’t help us right
away."

Sauers named four out of his starting
five at the luncheon. He said that 6'5”
Greg Hart would start for the Danes in the
middle with Adam Ursprung and either
Pete Gosule or John Mracek on the wings.
in the backcourt Sauers said that last
year’s starting guard tandem of Dave
Adanr and Danny Croutier will remain in
tact. Croutier was the tournament MVP
last year and Adam was named to the all-
tottrnament team.

Maturity is the Danes’ strong point ac-
cording to Sauers.

“l‘m proud of my five seniors," said
Sauers. “Mainly for their inspiration to
our younger players. Usually when you get
a bunch of seniors on a team, they are used
to all of the things that go on in practice.
and they are sick and tired of getting yelled
at by the same old coach."

Sauers was careful not to underestimate
his opening night opponent.

“Union-Albany games are always ding-
dongers,” said Sauers. who is entering his
30th year at the helm of the Danes. “They
always go right down to the wire."

Union’s head coach Bill Scanlon also ex-
pects a tough game on opening night.

State Quad

By Cathy Errlg
STAFF WRITER

That old cliche, “it isn't whether you
win or lose but how you play the game,”
was especially true at the University Gym
last Friday night.

For in a somewhat out-of-the ordinary
event, the RA's of State Quad were tem-
porarily denied the use-of their legs as they
Cngaged in a fierce, competitive game of
wheel-chair hockey against nine disabled
SUNYA students. After the completion of

‘four intense quarters of play, the victory

narrowly went to the RA’s, 7-6.

Organized primarily by Sophomore Jodi
JaCObS. RA of lrving Hall, and Junior
Robert Pipia, a disabled student, this was
the third consecutive year that such a game
was played here at Albany. and it is a
Significant annual event for several
reasons.

AS RA Jim "Pugger" Barber. captain
ofthe “States” related, “One of the main
Objectives of this game is to bring the lillll"
dicapped students closer to the staff and
students; to eliminate barriers between the
""0 groups. in the thrill of competition
You don’t see the handicaps."

Junior‘Mike DeMitt, a member of the
MIST staff, (RA's of Melville, lrving.
Steinmetz and Tappan Halls, the only halls
on campus that house disabled students),
further explained, “We’re hoping this

ame will provide the spectators with an
PPOrtunity to get acquainted with the

:TUESDA Y, NOVEMBER 20. 1934 C1 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS-  .

“These games are very competitive."
said Scanlon. “These kids have play each
other twice a year for the last four years."

Scanlon mentioned that one of his pro-
blems this year will be a very youthful
backceurt that includes three freshman.
two sophomores, and one junior. Scanlon
rs planning on‘starting an all-freshman
backcourt.

“My point guard will be Tom Beck, a
freshman from Brockport and at the off-
guard [’11 start Rob Parento, a freshman
from Vermont," said Scanlon. "Albany is
has a very veteran backcourt while we’r
very youthful in the backcourt.” 4

Scanlon realizes the risks of having
freshman at both of the guard spots.

.“l expect them to make mikstakcs,"
said Scanlon. “But the mistakes that they
will make will be agressive ones and we can
live with those kinds of mistakes.”

Besides the two freshman guards,
Scanlon will start a front court of all
seniors. At center for Union will be Jim
Dolrerty and he will be ﬂanked by Kevin
Bartlett and Ken D’Orazio.

RPl will be playing this season under a
new head coach. former Colgate tactician,
Mike Griffin who replaced John Quattroc-
chi. Quattrocchi is now the assistant coach
at Division l Marist.

Since RPl is the host team, .‘hey will play
the visitors from Queens in the opening
round. This, according to Griffin, is a big
plus for his team.

“One good thing about hosting the tour-
nament,” said Griffin. “is that we don‘t
have to play Albany or Union the first
night.

“Also it means that in my first year I
will get to play my first game against
Albany or Union at borne.“

Also in the Engineers' favor is the fact
that the host team has won the past four
Capital District Tournaments and five out
of the last six. The last time the host team
lost the tournament was when Albany
defeated Union in 1980 in Memorial Field
House. '

Griffin said that his starting lineup will
feature some old players and some new
faces. At center he will start 6‘6" Jolrn
Maltoncy with 6'2" team captain Rob
Fassett at the strong foward spot. The star-
ting small forward will be 6’6" freshman
Rob Roesch.

“Roesch is much taller than Fasset,”

.4 " '
I In a I"\ 3‘

wt;

,2.

Adam Ursprung fights for the ball against Potsdam last year. Albany will face Union
in the first round at the Capital District Tournament to open the season.

said Griffin. “But Fassett is much more of
a banger while Roesch is a fincss type of
player."

RPl's backcourt will pair up Mike Gian-

naccini, one of last season’s starters at the
point-guard position, with Steve DeChalus
a sophomore who did not get much play-
ing time last year at the off-guard spot. [3

RAs edge wheelchair hockey team

disabled students; to see that they have the
same desires and drives as everyone else.”

The game was also a fundraiser for the
UAD, (University Action for Disabled
Students). The participants were spon-
sored for the total number of goals scored

in the game. Thus, the offensive incentive
was heightened while the importance of
winning and losing was lessened.

There remained, however, sufficient in-
centive to provide the many spectators
with a thoroughly exciting game. After the

 

 

 

The StatevOuad RA’e beat the D-Danes in wheelchair hockey, 1-6.

D (disabled)-Dancs had taken an early 1-0
lead on a goal scored by Andy Greenwald,
the States answered with four consecutive
goals scored by Jeff Meltzer, Martin
Butera, Alan Roth, and Jerry Harrington.

The D-Danes, inspired by Captain Pipia
and MVP Steve McCaffrey, refused to
give up, and fought their way back to
within one goal of their rivals.

That was as close as they would come, as
the States. aided by much dirty play by
Alan Bogle, won the game, 7-6, in a rever-
sal of last year's result.

While the loss was disappointing for the
D-Danes, the most important objective, to
have fun, was achieved. 50 enthusiastic
were the members ofthe D-Danes that talk
of a structured program, one that wuold
enable the scheduling of games against
RA's ofothcr quads and against other col-
leges within the SUNY system, was
brought out by several disabled students.

Said Pipia. “We're trying to get a bowl-
ing league organized for next semester and
also to schedule more games. l’d really like
to see more people come out and get more
support."

More support is something this group
unquestionably deserves. As Barber had
predicted prior to the start of the game,
“You‘ll see what happens when we all start
playing; this game will put us (the students
and RA’s) on a close level with each other.
And these smiles will be priceless.” Cl

 

