.. .-._.«_.—. WK...“
1

“vacancy; .. v. .. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDA Y, DECEMBER 4. 1984

 

COLONIAL QUAD BOARD AND

 

Starring

 

INDIAN QUAD BOARD, v

CLASS COUNCIL OF ‘86
PRESENT o o

 

 

 

V
“CLH SS HCT"

 

 

’

SHOW

 

 

 

DOORS OPEN AT 8:15
STARTS PROMPTLY AT 9:00

 

 

 

 

 

TIX ONLY S3 w Tox Curd
ON SALE IN C.C. LOBBY ‘ l
MON 12\3 - THUR 12\6 11-4

 

 

 

 

 

13st lPiﬂlll‘thDEUD tﬂLFJiD itiEJSW-EJU‘JUZETJ

   

  

W“ ""WW‘MrvarIra-w. .V

I“ gush '.

   

 

 

t

 

  

“ﬂ
SNERI ALIEN UPS

 

Mike Miller
“It's a pretty controversial issue for next year. "

Student ‘exam bank’
proposed in Council
to raise prOf quality

By Christine Reitelt
spurt: ll‘Rl'I'lz‘R

Students who are wondering about the exams their pro-
fessors will give next semester may be able to find out
before the day of the test.

During a Central Council meeting last Wednesday.
members of the Academic Affairs committee disclosed
that they are working towards designing an “open test
bank." according to Mike Miller, the

Committee's chair.
“All types of tests from every class centraI
would be filed for student use," he ex- council

plained. The new test system would
“prevent profs frotn encouraging
cheating" by giving the same tests out year after year.

“It’s a pretty controversial issue for next year," Miller
said, “and President Ramaly supports-the idea one hun-
dred percent" because it would force professors to make
up new tests.

According to Miller, the test bank would most likely be
located in the SA office “for security reasons." and
would be available to all students.

it is being designed in an effort to curb cheating and
stop some students from getting an unfair advantage over
others. Miller explained that some students obtain old
tests. study them, and then take tests which are either the
same, or very similar.

The test bank would put an end to this, he said. it
would also upgrade the quality of teaching practices. he
addded.

However, according to one student who prefers to re-
main anonymous due to “argument potential" certain
fraternities on-campus already have such “test banks.”

Edward Milgrim, President of Delta Sigma Pi. a
business fraternity, flatly denied the allegations. “We do
not have a test file," Milgrim stated.

"Asa recognized international fraternity, our image is
the most important thing we have...we never compromise
ourselves or the name of the fraternity," he explained.
adding that “for this reason it is impossible for me to
conceive that the-fraternity would ever formulate a test
file."

The student claitns to have seen the filing system in the
fraternity's office. “The tests are arranged in manila
folders and clearly printed on the provided tabs are the
course names.” Any member of the fraternity has access
to the tests, “But it is very secretive." the sou ree charged.
The fact that they have this study tool is an unfair advan-
tage. the student added.

Milgrim however, denied the allegations. “l‘vc been in
the fraternity for four semesters and as far as I know the
fraternity does not have or circulate any tests. other than
those which have been released by professors. As Profes-
sionals, the brothers do not promote or accept cheating
by formulating a test file." he added.

The student said s-he stumbled upon the test file last
semester. “l was having problems in statistics, and so-
meone just opened up this filing cabinet in the office and
showed me tests from all different subjects. Some of the
tests dated back to 1978."

in other council business. SA Vice President Suzy
Auletta announced plans for a vandalism awareness pro-
gram next semester, although she said, it is still in the
planning stages.

The program is necessary. she maintained. due to the
increasing amount of on-eampus vandalism. Aulctta ex-
plained that many students are abusing university
property. .

"Recently a tower carpet was set on fire," she said,
“and our biggest target is fire safety equipment." An
awareness program would show students the seriousness
of such acts. she added. . Cl

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1984 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

SA backs down on Hamilton ouStcr

"W"policy. ASP comments had prompted calls for resignation

By Tom Bergen
suns warm:

Student Association has backed off its plan to ask for
the resignation of Harry Hamilton. SUNYA's Dean of
Undergraduate Affairs. although according to student
leaders, great differences still remain between them and
Hamilton on matters of academic policy.

In particular the question of foreign instructors’ ability
to speak English is still an issue, as well as the administra-
tion's plan, slated for next fall, to place a “W” on
students' transcripts when they drop a course later than
10 days into the semester.

Student leaders held a meeting with Hamilton Monday
and. according to SA President Rich Schaf fer, “We were
going to ask for his resignation, but things got cleared

SA officials had decided to ask for Hamilton’s resigna-
tion after reading comments he made concerning foreign
instructors in the November 20 issue of the Albany Slu-
denl Press. '

in the article, Hamilton was quoted as saying.
“Students aren’t tolerant enough to put in the effort to
understand the accent. If you listen you can understand.
if you resist it, you’ll still be having trouble at the end of
the year.“

in a letter dated November 29, and addressed to
Hamilton, Mike Miller, chair of\ Central Council‘s
Academic Affairs Committee said, “ltncan only be hoped
that the ASP issue containing your highly unattractive
comments does not find its way into the hands of pro-
spective high quality SUNYA applicants}?

Later, in the same letter. Miller wrote. “it is as if you
have gone out of your way to antagonize and alienate the
undergraduates whose educational interests you should
be working to improve and protect."

in discussing yesterdays meeting With Hamilton, Miller
said. “We were concerned about communications bet-
ween him (Hamilton) and SA, and the extent of student
input into policy decisions - and a lot of the problems
were cleared up."

Hamilton also felt that the meeting had impmged rela- ' L

lions, and stated. “Whatever real problems and percep-
tual problems there were between the people from SA and
myself got aired and were resolved.”

Hamilton defended the "W" policy. calling it. a
neutral grade" that would “by discouraging overenroll-
ment, make more courses available to more students,
thereby adding flexibility" to student schedules.

He suggested that next year there would be greater con-
cern with foreign instructors’ ability .to speak Englishl

and said. “We would have an opportunity to evaluate ac-
tual language skills of all potential Teaching Assistants
and make some decisions then as to their suitability to the
classroom."

Acting President Judith Ramaley also suggested that
tests of spoken English would be instituted saying, "Dick
Farrell (Associate Dean for Graduate Admissions and
Policy) is looking at that question with some consultants.
There are (oral) tests that can be applied by the faculty.”

Farrell is head of the SUNYA program which evaluates
the English language ability of student teachers who do
not speak English as their primary language, Ramaley
said. Farrell could not be reached for comment.

Miller said that the Academic Affairs Committee hopes
to work more closely with Hamilton in the future. “We
still have major policy disagreements and still will on vital
issues, we want to be satisﬁed that both sides realize the
need to communicate."

He also said that the Committee is currently working
on new “W” proposals and “the role of students on

t l I‘ﬂn I It 

   
 

 

 

SA President Rich Schaller
Controversy with Hamilton is “cleared up. ”

 

Committee to explore

By tan Clements
STAFF WRITER

Two student-initiated alternatives to SUNYA’s new
add-drop policy, known as the “W,” which is to take
effect starting in the fall semester of 1985 have been
submitted to University Senate‘s Committee on
Academic Standing.

The committee is scheduled to review all proposals
for changes in the policy Tuesday morning.

At the committee meeting it “may be determined
that the policy, as scheduled to go into effect. should
be modified or should remain." said committee chair
Jonathan Bartow. The Committee's recommendations
will be passed on to the Senate‘s Undergraduate
Academic Council, he said.

The Council will review the recommendations and
will then submit a bill to the University Senate, accor-
ding to Senate Chair Patricia Rogers. Most proposals
go through the Committee and Council rapidly. site
said.

Senate members approved changes in the add-drop
system last spring when they passed a measure that ex-
tended the udd deadline to the tenth class day of a
semester. The drop deadline will remain near the
midterm point but any student who drops a course
after the tenth class day will have a “W” placed on his
or her transcript.

One student proposal calls for an add deadline at the
tenth class day of the semester and a drop deadline at
the fifth week, with no “W’s” to be assessed when a
student drops. it has been submitted by the Committee
on Academic Affairs (A-Comm) of Central Council.

The other proposal calls for one “penalty-free drop"
which would allow students to drop one course without
receiving a “W.”

Currently the add deadline is the sixth day of classes
asnd the drop deadline is near the midterm point.
When a student drops a course before'the deadline the
course is deleted from his or her transcript.

 

“W” policy alternatives

Academic Committee (A-Comm) chair Mike Miller
said the reason his group has proposed a five week
drop deadline is not “to give students a chance to see
mid-term and other grades before making a course
retention decision. as the midterm point is at the eighth
week of the semester." Rather. it is designed so that
"students can decide whether a course is appropriate"
or whether a "professor is effective."

Miller said he hopes A-Comm's proposal reaches the
Senate floor “early next semester."l~le would like
changes to be made in the policy before the
“Undergraduate Bulletin goes to the printer in
February." According to Miller. “it would be hard to
make revisions and let students know about it" if the
Bulletin contains the policy slated for next fall.

Miller called the “W” policy a “band-aid," saying,
“Students are forced to abuse the system because of in-
adequate advisement. They're going into courses
blind." he assserted. “They (students) don't know the
courses’ content or workload or the personal and
educational qualities of the professor. It is quite possi-
ble to sign up for courses inappropriate for them
educationally or career-wise.” he added.

Other sections of the A-Comm proposal include
“pre-pre-rcgistration" in every department for
students majoring in that department and “strict en-
forcement of the Zl-credit limit” during the add-drop
period. Both provisions will help students to register
for courses they wish to take, Miller said.

Alumni Quad Senator Irwin Weinstein. who is sup-.
porting a proposal along with Alumni Quad Senator
Andrew Wigler that includes a “W,” acknowledged.
“There's a problem with overregistration. as much as
we hate to admit it.”

Since their proposal permits one drop without a
“W” it will not stop students from experimenting with
subject areas with which they are unfamiliar, he said.

However. for abusers of the system, such as students
who register for 21 credits and drop down to 12, they
“would get "W’s" like crazy." he explained. E]

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l
v

 

