 

 ~..\.

g.

1,2,
t

    
 

 

..., t o.

22  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D TUESDAY. DECEMBER II, 1984‘

JV Danes win SCC tourney

 

 

* "at at at * CAMP DIPPIKILL* * * * at
Mt“ WINTER BREAK Hus

Downhill and cross country skiing,
snowshoeing, ice skating or just sitting around
the fire; that’s what Camp Dippikill is all
about. Our student Association owned catnp is
a vast 840 acre tract of forest land dotted with
rustic cabins and lodges located only 10 miles
from Gore Mountain Ski Center and 13 miles
north of Lake George Village. Open every day
of the year, the camp has seven buildings with
capacities from 4 to 24, all winterized anti
maintained for overnight or longer stays.
Snowshoes are available at the ('amp to use on
its seven miles of will marked trails (five miles
of which are cross country skiable). When
snow ctnltlitions permit, Dippikill l'ontl‘s 50
acre surface provides unsurpassed ice skating
opportunities

For further tletailctl inl'm'mation, a
complete discriplion of each cabin anti lodge
anti for making reservations; just visit the
Student Association ()l’l‘icc itt Campus Center
“6. There is still plenty of spac‘ available
during the long interscssion break.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

[7D 1"”
9| El 9| m

9U em SﬁPQDRiTS
W@@E® [LURE if©
@@W@R@?Gﬂﬂ.@ﬁi@

Sportscasters and Crew

 

gadam Goodman, r Rob lsbitts
{Stave GO‘ldstein.. ' Phil Lewis
Larry Fox ' ’ ‘ Kerry Janette
‘ﬂdam Fass' Jon Cosin
Illan Nissan Joe Romano

I HOWard'Libes

 For their excellent coverage of

‘ Great Dane Football

1 Stay tuned for the same great
coverage of Great Dane Basketball ‘

motility @‘SWUJQN

By Michael Skolnlck

STAFF WRITER

The men's junior varsity basketball
team is beginning to follow a pattern
established this year by the varsity squad.
The JV Danes captured the Schenectady
Community College Tournament by
defeating RPl by a score of 75-58 and
Albany Pharmacy in the championship
game by a score of 78-72. The wins raised
the team’s record to 5-1 on the year.

The Danes opened up the tournament by
facing traditional rival RPI and were never
seriously challenged as they coasted to a'
17—point win. John Carmeiio, who would
later be named MVP of the tournament,
paced the Danes with 20 points on 9 for 15‘
shooting. He chipped in 3 assists as well.
Tony Dickens also continued his pace
scoring 18 points on 7 for 11 shooting
from the floor. For Dickens, it was
another strong outing. Last week he carv-
ed a 29-point masterpiece against
Cortland.

“Freeze” Storey, the playmaking guard,
scored 14 points and dished out four
assists. The team also benefitted from
strong inside play from their two big men
Brett Axelrod and Jeff Kee who accounted
for eight rebounds apiece.

Overall, Coach Jim Boland was pleased
with the team’s performance against RPl.
“We were able to run well on them and we
had the opportunity to blow them away
very early in the game,” he said.
However, the championship game

SPORTS BRIEFS
Hockey club

The Albany State hockey club drop-
ped its second straight game last Satur-
day despite a furious third period rally,
losing to LeMoyne College 5-4. The
Dane skaters record is now 5-2.

Albany trailed 5-2 halfway through
the final period before Center Patti
Essner and Mike Cavanaugh scored
four minutes apart. Essner’s goal catne
on a rebound off a shot from John
Knab, who scored two goals on the
evening.

The Danes put the pressure on in the
final minutes, recording eight shots on
goal in a three minute span. But the Le
Moyne goaltender hcid tough. making a
couple of key glove saves to preserve the
wm.

Albany opened up the scoring in the
first minute when Knab notched his first
score of the game. LeMoyne tied the
game and went ahead 2-1 with 5 minutes
left in the opening session. Knab knot-
ted the scorc at 2-2, scoring his second
goal of the night.

LeMoyne rolled off one goal in the sc-

 

 

 

sa FUNDED Stptyt‘rlta Discretion iii/QED.

cond and two scores in the opening
tninute of the third period to boost them

 

 

 

 

 

, '.- tsﬁmﬁ.wa~mw— c».u.........,.,~_,....

 

against Albany Pharmacy would prove to
be anything but a runaway. Albany led for
the entire ﬁrst half but as a result of missed
opportunities were only up by 10 at
halftime.

“We played our best defense all season
in the first half,” explained Boland. “But
still we were only ahead by 10 at
halftime.”

The team stretched its lead to 58-43 at
one point and at this juncture Pharmacy
made a tremendous comeback scoring 16
unanswered points which gave them a
59-58 lead. The team needed a break and
found its opportunity in the person of
Storey. He stole two Pharmacy passes
which resulted in four easy points for the
Danes. This seemed to settle the team
down as they hit crucial free throws and
began to exercise patience and control on
offense.

Boland explained the reasons for the
lapse in the team’s play. “We were in foul
trouble and we had to switch from playing
man to man to a zone defense. Carmello
and Dickens played the last 5 minutes with
four fouls each. Also our big man Kee
fouled out which enabled their big man
Chris Palmer to score 18 second half
points.”

For the Danes, they were led by
Carmella and Dickens who scored 18 and
20 points respectively. Dickens also had 7
rebounds and was helped by Kee and Ax-
elrod', who pulled down six and 8 rebounds
apiece. l l

 

morgue after that fifth goal," said
defenscman Larry Hartman. "Then
everyone started playing together. We
had a lot of opportunities. We just
didn’t capitalize."

Football banquet

Offensive lineman Tom Jacobs was
named MVP of the Great Dane football
team at the annual foootball banquet
held in the Patroon Room Sunday
night.

The Danes, who finished the season
5-5, also voted senior Jim Valentino for
defensive lineman of the year and
Wayne Anderson defensive back of the
year.

Dave Soldini, who broke the season
single running record, was given a pla—
que by the Albany Student Press in
honor of his achievements.

Upcoming events

The men‘s basketball team tangles with
cross~town rival RPl tomorrow night in
the Renssalaer gym...The women's
basketball team meets up with host
Castieton today at 5pm...The JV
basketball squad will compete against

to a 5 2 [odd “Our bench looked like a RPl starting at 6pm.

 

 

1'

   

‘ ifth as satisfying as

y Cathy Errlg

' ‘ DITORIAL ASSISTANT

One fourth and two fifths equalled three

. irsts for the Albany State Gymnastics

eam as they participated in the third an-
ual Springfield invitational this weekend.
Because for the first time in their three

 ‘.cars of participating in the meet. the

omen's final score did not place them in

:‘ ’ he last position out of the six-team field,

 

   
 
  
  
  
  
   

   

 

'-'r>-.i17< ‘n.

 

ut instead in fifth, ahead of Division 11
I lofstra. ' .
in addition to this, two Albany gym-

} asts made the trip to the podium to
. receive

individual honors; sophomore
Carol Bart, whose 8.0 score gave her fifth

place out of a field of 36 competitors on
. he balance beam, and freshman Michele

Husak, who finished fourth on the floor
‘xcrcise, scoring 8.7.
Overall, the meet was won, to no one’s

‘5“; surprise, by Springfield College with 162.1
.‘Ea points.

100th year anniversary,"
Coach Brian

“it's their
commented Assistant

' l.aane just prior to the mcet’s beginning.
“So they’re going to be very mentally

determined which accounts fora lot in this
sport."
Finishing second was the University of

' Bridgeport, whose 157.5 total, in a surpris-
‘ing turn of events, just nipped lthaca’s

157.3. Ithaca had beaten both Springfield

' and Bridgeport at last year's Division 11

Regionals, and had gone on to place sixth
at the National Competition.

The University of Vcrntont, a Division 1
school whont Albany will meet again later
in the season. was fourth, scoring 153.75.
Albany followed in fifth with 145.85. and

 finally in sixth was l-lofstrtt with 142.75.

l-lol'stra's main weakness was in that its
team consisted of only five gymnasts, (in
NCAA competition, six gymnasts are
allowed to compete on each event but only
the top five scores count toward the final
score.). Tints Hofstra could afford to
make no mistakes while every other team
had the luxury of dropping their lowest
score.

For an invitational meet such as this
one, such a factor was :1 critical one, for
there were four events being competed at
once, thereby making concentration dif-
ficult to maintain.

it was also difficult to know which
teams were ahead of the total field, with
four events simultaneously in action it was

 

impossible keep track of what was going
on. The first rotation had Albany vaulting,
Bridgeport on the bars, lthnca on the
beam, Vermont on the ﬂoor, and Hofstra
and Springfield botlt had byes. Albany
got off to a fine start scoring 37.9 points
on the event, highlighted by Sue
Leskowitz' 8.1 handspring, which was the
ninth highest scored vault of the meet.
The next rotation tnovcd Albany to the
bars, lthacn to the floor, Springfield to the
vault, Hofstra to the beam, while
Bridgeport and Vermont both had byes. it
was on this rotation that Hol‘stra made the
critical mistakes that cost them the tncct;
two of its gymnasts lost their concentra-
tion, receiving scores in the fours.
Albany, in the meantime, was having its
own difficulties as it received scores rang-
ing from the fours through the sevens.
Looking back upon the tncet. Dane
Head Coach Pat Duvall-Spillnne reﬂects ,
“We didn’t perform well on bars. but then
none of the tennis really did. it‘s really the
hardest event on which to put a routine
together because you can't substitute easy

 

UPS
Albany's Karrie Brooking skillfully executin her routine on the beta 1
performance earned her a score 01 7 0. g "c "9 beam. Her

moves for more difficult ones. You can
just try for the best you can."

Nora Bellantoni was tnost successful for
Albany. scoring a 7.35.

Albany sat out the third rotation which
moved Bridgeport to the beam, Hoi‘stra to
floor, Vermont to the vault. and Spr-
ingfield to the bars. ltiutca also drew a bye.

The fourth rotation brought Albany to
the beam. And on that menacing four
inch-wide apparatus that had sent so many
gymnasts back to the bleachers shaking
their heads in disappointment. Carol Bart
performed a fall-less, almost flawless
routine that earned an 8.0 from tiiejudges,
good enough for fifth place in the meet.
Bart, a powergyrnnast in the recently
established tradition of Mary-Lou Retton,
was solid on every move, showing her
great condition as a result of her daily
running.

"That gives her a real advantage over so
many others,“ commented Duvall-
Spillane. “She has real stamina that shows
up on the beam. she‘s able to handle leaps

Women cagers trounce New Paltz,

Victories raise season record to 6-1

By Kris Sauer
STAFF WRITER

By defeating Potsdam 99-44 on Friday
night and New Paltz 77-25 on Saturday
night, the Albany State women’s basket-
ball team's record now stands at a solid 6-1
going into tonights Castieton Vermont
game.

“This weekend's games were both the
kind of games you’d like to have in bet-
ween tough games, not back to back as
they were," said Head Coach Mari
Warner.

Warner is concerned about last week’s
three comparatively easy games followed
by this week ’5 two much tougher games so
close to ﬁnals.

Rainny Lesane received an honorable
mention as Player of the week in the R.T.
French Poll for all Division 111 schools.
The R.T. French poll rates all New York
schools in the different divisions.

High scorers for the Danes against
Potsdam were Lesane (17 points), Diane
Fernandes (17 points), Julie Hotmer (12
points). Debra Logan (10 points). Jill
Silverman (10 points) and Kim Kosalek (10
Points). With the lead in this game the
players were switched around in positions.
For example, Fernandes played forward
and Donna Hughes played point guard.

Atittinst New Paltz, Cindy Jensen and
Lesane had high scores of 12 Poms

 

piece.

Warner said, "Against Potsdam we
played very well. We were able to run
when it was open. The New Paltz game
wasn't even good for us. They only played
one defense (1-2-2) and never pressed.
They never did anything.”

“The New Paltz
game wasn’t even
good for us. . .They
never did anything.”

-—Coach Mari Warner

 

Even with a 6-1 record, the team still
needs improvement with shooting. They
are now shooting 35 percent from the floor
and less than 50 percent from the free
throw line. They also still need some ﬁne
tuning on their man-to-man defense,
which is causing fouling problems,
especially seen in their Cortland loss.

“That’s something we‘ll have to key in

on - positioning," said Warner.

When they return in January they still
have tough opponents facing them. The
rematch against Oneonta will be a big
game and this time it's at Oneonta. And
naturally, they look forward to their
chance to get revenge for their first loss of
the season against Cortland.

“At this point l'm real pleased," said
Warner. “Everyone is getting solid playing
time. which down the road is just going to
help us out. We'll be able to put anyone in
the ball game."

One example of this is in Cindy Jensen.
who with the injuries of Nancy Grasso and
Lori Bayba has gotten valuable playing
time. "Cindy is coming along nicely. She is
getting physical under the boards," said
Warner.

This evening at 7:00 pm the Danes play
in Vermont against Castieton. “They
should give us a game," said Warner.

This Saturday in another away game
they face Hartwick, which should be a real
tough opponent. Hartwick is ranked third
in the R.T. French poll for Division Ill
schools.

After these two games they still have a
rough schedule ahead of them when they
come back in January.

Warner said, “Any team that stands 6—1
starts to look forward to a successful
season. We do have a solid team and a
quick team. but there is room for lots of
improving." 1:1

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1984 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

first for Dane gymnasts”-

and jumps throughout her entire routine.
Not many people think of beam as being
an endurance event but maintaining one's
balance for a minute and a half requires
stamina."

The rest of the team followed the exam-
ple set by Bart as they performed solidly
receiving sixes and sevens. However, with
three events behind them Albany trailed
Hofstra, 105.55-112.20.

But Albany's last event was also their
best —— the floor exercise. Here, Albany
came together at last, scoring all sevens
and eights. highlighted by Michele
Husak's 8.7. which just missed the Univer-
sity record in the event by a mere five-one-
hundrcdths of a point. Captain Lynn
Saravis' 8.2 and Nora Bellantoni's 8.0 also
helped Albany in the floor exercise.

Said Diwali-Spillane of Husak, “l was
very. very happy for her, that performance
and score should give her a lot of
incentive."

Hofstra on the other hand, drew a bye
for that rotation and had to come bacvk
on the bars for the sixth. While Albany
had received three cight’s and three high
scvcn‘s for a 40.3 on their final event.
Hofstra only managed a 30.55. Edge to
Albany.

On the overall results of the meet.
Diwali-Spillane was very pleased.

"We had :t tremendous increase itt
scores today, especially on floor. We ex-
ccctlcd my expectations. I’d expected that
we'd be down by six to eight points from
the lust meet without Karen Bailey, but we
were only down by two."

This was the last meet for the team for
the fall semester. The team‘s mcxt com-
petition will be on January 26 at home
against Rhodc-lslnnd Collcgc. Duval—
Spillane predicts a close meet, one in which
Albany will emerge the victor if the women
can maintain their present level of fitness
and concentrate upon making their
routines their vcry best.

“We're going to get back into weight
training over the winter break. Not just
nautilus, but using the actual gymnastic
equipment. Nautilus gives you an even,
steady rhythm, but in gymnastics, you
need a certain expiosivcncss. We'll also be
getting back into aerobics and running.“
said Diwali-Spillane.

Sounds like a fun vacation. 1 ‘

Potsdam

 

NEAL WILSON UPS
Rainny Lesane received honombie men-
tion honors from the R.T. French Poll.

 

