 

 it...
CREDIT CIIIIDS
ON CAMPUS! .

Citibank cards give you more benefits and services than
other credit cards. And you can apply for your Citibank
MasterCard or Visa card right here on campus.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DATE: December 4,6,7
TIME: 10am-4pm

PLACE: Campus Center Lobby

 

 

 

IF YOU CAN’T WAIIZ..
CALL TOLL FREE 1-800-232- I I00

CITIBANGF

A Cl T/CORP COMPANY

Wanted:

(COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE) “The
American college and university
presidency is in trouble,” a new
study reports.

Things are so bad, the study
says, that qualified applicants
don’t want to become college
presidents, and, in some cases in-
cumbent presidents want to get
out of their jobs.

The study, conducted by the
Commision of Strengthening
Presidential Leadership, warns
the president’s job has become
too difficult, stressful and con-
strained at many institutions.

Colleges have “unnecessarily
and unwisely” diminished the
power of their presidents in the
past 20 years through increased
government controls, and meddl-
ing by faculty and governing
boards, the study says.

The study adds the problems
are driving away the top academic
officials most qualified for the
job.
“Institutions must ask ‘how
can we make the presidency at-
tractive to qualified applicants,‘ “
suggested Nancy Axelrod,
spokeswoman for the commis-
sion's sponsor, the Association of
Governing Boards of Colleges
and Universities(AGB).

“Presidential search commit-
tees cannot simply sit back and
wait for applications,“ she add-
ed. “They must carefully seek out
candidates who qualify for the
position.“

But only about half of the na-
tion's best-qualified academic of-
ficers want to become a college
president, the study claims.

And while finding presidential
applicants is frustrating, retaining

qualified presidents is often
harder.

Presidents are stymied by:

federal and state controls, par-
ticularly "sunshine" laws requir-
ing that they conduct official col-
lege business in open meetings,
the report asserts.

Increased faculty inﬂuence in
hiring teachers and governing
board intervention in daily
decision-making also discourages
presidents. .

“The power of a governing
board and how it relates to the
president in many cases reduces
the power of the president,"
maintained Larisa Wanserski, an
AGB spokeswoman.

Governing board actions can
“isolate (a president) from the
public, making it hard for him or
her to make decisions,” Wanser-
ski said.

The beleaguered presidents
often act by resigning.

During any two-year period,
the study reveals, about 30 per-
cent of the nation’s college
presidents are leaving or thinking
of leaving their positions. A
fourth of them are dissatisfied
with their jobs.

The average president stays at a
college seven years, Wanserski
said, not enough time to imple-
ment long-term plans for an
institution.

“Colleges need to look at the
position and make it as attractive
and desirable as it once was," she
asserted.

To do it, the study recommends
governing boards review their
provisions for presidential sup-
port yearly, evaluate their presi-
dent in “ways that do not cn-

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, I984 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 9

Candidates for university presidents

courage organized attacks upon
them and do not unduly embar-
rass...or weaken them,” and
make changes necessary to attract
and retain suitable presidents.
Boards should scrutinize
presidential qualiﬁcations as well
as the office itself,’ suggested

Debra McCarthy of Higher

Education Administrative Refer-
ral Service, which helps track
down presidential candidates for
colleges.

‘ ‘There’s a time for

.everything," she contended.

"What was needed in a president

15 or 20 years ago was fine for
that time. Now, it's time for
something else."

McCarthy said most colleges
are looking for presidents with
administrative experience rather
than strictly academic
background.

Ramaley finds president’s job‘ challenging

By Lisa Straln
CONTRIBUTING EDITOR

“The position of college president isn’t as attrac-
tive as it used to be, especially in larger institu-
tions,” said Acting SUNYA President Judith
Ramaley in an October interview.

She went on to explain that “fifty years ago the
president was just the head of the faculty and was
still teaching and considered a scholar. The presi-
dent worked towards creating an academic climate.
In more recent years the president has become the
resource collector—acting as a representative to the
outside, seeking political and financial support for
programs, and spending less time working with
faculty and students."

Ramaley is acting as University President while
President Vincent O‘Leary is on a study leave in
Yugoslavia.

“Some (college presidents) enjoy this, but others
don‘t want to get far from why they chose the
academic field in the first place.Thcy find the
presidency to be like being the chief executive of a
large corporation—they’re not directly engaging in
those activities which drew them in to begin with,"
Ramaley said.

For Ramaley, one of the best aspects of being ac~
ting president is that “I’m more drawn into the
company of the many publics which the university
serves—l enjoy talking to alumni. parents,
students, and community leaders. I try to find out
how the university fits into larger communities,
especially since we‘re approaching national pro-
minence in many of our graduate and
undergraduate programs. "

Serving as Acting President of the university

while maintaining her position as Vice-President of '
Academic Affairs has given Ramaley an unusual
perspective. “I've been working with every other
vice-president in a much closer, more open way
than I'd have a chance to do as vice-president. The
president presides over all the different functions of
a university and I can see the ways in which public
relations and fundraising can enhance the educa-
tional qualities" of a university, Ramaley said.

One of the reasons why the role of college presi-
dent may not be as appealing now for academic of-
ficers is that “the president gets caught in the mid-
dle between groups on campus and the outside
world. The president works with a number of out-
side publics who feel they have some right to
oversee" activities within the university, Ramaley
explained.

Most academic officers don‘t want to lose touch
with the academic world, Ramaley said. “They’re
having too much fun, and the president's role isn’t
as satisfying. This is a tragedy, because the presi-
dent embodies the whole institution,”she added.

Ramaley stated that "I realize how challenging
and interesting the presidential role is, but also how
hard it is to keep in touch with the academic
world." She went on explain, though, that in a
smaller institution with an enrollment of l500 to
2000 this is not necessarily true.

Ramaley is looking forward to teaching a course
next fall because “once a teacher, always a teacher.
I really miss teaching, and as a college president I
certainly wouldn't have the time to do both." Ac-
cording to Ramaley, her appointment is officially
terminated January 15, when President O'Lcary is
expected to return.

 

Study Abroad Programs

 

 

 

 

LONDON, ENGLAND
SPRING 1985 SEMESTER
PROGRAM DATES — Humanities Program
For the Spring Semester: January 21 to May 8, 1985.

Our courses will be taught by British Faculty who are specialists in the Humanities
disciplines which comprise the program. Course instruction is largely through lectures
and seminars, some 0/ which are given away from the classroom in settings appropriate
to their themes. Guest lecturers are invited to broaden the course perspectives. Similar
onsite teaching is orrongedlor/ield study trips and is regarded as an integralpart o/the
Humanities Program.

Curriculum - 12 to 15 Credit Hours

A British prolessor serves as residence and supervises the academic and cultural
programs. Courses offered are all 3 credit hours:
HISTORY DEPARTMENT

Hist 311 - Mod. European Social History

Hist 334 - England Since 1688

Hist 424 - Twentieth Century British History
ENGLISH DEPARTMENT

English 319 - Shakespeare: An Intrduction

English 323 - Twentieth Century British Fiction
THEATRE DEPARTMENT

Theatre (200 Level) Bodin Movement For Actors - British Trends

Theatre (300 Level) Contemporary British Acting

Theatre (300 Level) Contemporary Theatre Survey Course

Theatre 470 - Seminar in Theatre

Hon-ing and Meals

Stvdents are housed in SUNY approved accomodotions. Bed and lull break/est are
included in the total cost of the program, with kitchen lacilitiies available so students
may prepare their remaining meals il they choose to. The small student hotel is located
in central London. Coot

$1,920.00 (subject to change with notice) includes roundtrip air [are lrom New York
City area to London, bed and lull breakfast, lield trips, theatre, and other Cultural
events. International Student ID card, and accident and health insurance. It does not
include - SUNY tuition and lees, passport, textbooks and indiuidual expenses.

The deadline for filing'for the Spring Semester is
December 10 r- ; ,

Director of International Education
102 Rich Hall

SUNY Olwcgo

Oowcgo, NY 13126

Tel: (315)341-21 18

LAST CALL FOR INTERSESSION PROGRAMS

Business Administration Intercession
Study in Puerto Rico at the University of Puerto Rico - Rio Piedral
December 28, I984 - January 20, 1985

Housing 8: Meals

Housing is included in the cost o/the program. Meals. however, are the responsibility
0/ the individual students. Procuring/oodon the local economy willgiue each student an
added opportunity to opprecrate the Puerto Rican culture.
Cost - (Subject to change with notice)

$610.00. This amount includes air fare, dormitory housing, cultural activities, and
excursions lor the three-week period.

It does not include meals, accident and health in5uronce (il not already covered)
personal spending money, and SUNY tuition and lees lor three credits

Courses are taught by Oswego [acuity in English. Courses being ollered include:
Comm 365 ‘ Organizational Communication
Econ 340 - Money and Banking
BA 202 - Principles 0/ Accounting ll
BA 280 - Business Law I
BA 370 - Consumer Behavior
BA 43] ~ Income Tax Accounting ll
Bo 461 4 Supervisory Management

Tropical Marine Biology - Dilcovcry Bay, Jamaica
December 28. I984 - January 13, I985

The objectives 0/ the program are I) to o/ler students an opportunity to observe and
study tropical plants and animals in their natural environments. 2) to Iamilianze
students with the principles 0/ tropical marine ecology, and 3) to introduce students to
various aspects 0/ the agriculture, economy, and culture 0/ Jamaica.

This is accomplished at the Marine Sciences Research Laboratory at Discovery Bay,
Jamaica, located about lorty miles east 0/ Motego Bay on the nbrth coast.
Hauling and Me I

Dormitory facilities at the Marine Laboritory with meals prepared by the stall and-
students.

Coot ‘ .

$1 , 150.00 (subject to change with notice) includes round trip on [are lrom New York
City to Motego Bay, Jamaica, ground transportation, room and meals. all lab and field,
trip lees. an International Student ID Card. v

Not included in the cost ore.personal expenses, Scuba equipment, health and
accident insurance and SUNY tuition and lees.

Qualiﬁcationm, ‘ _ I

Undergraduates in good academic standing with at least eight semester hours in
biological sciences. Applicants should be in good physical health and be able to swim.

APPLICATION DEADLINE FOR FILING ALL
INTERSESSION PROGRAMS —-_ NOVEMBER 26

 

 

 

