 

 

’«L

  

” ‘ so

Unbeaten Danes win fourth over. Stony Brook

“who .. .’.,- - ..- 

v By Keith Marder

SPORTS EDITOR ‘

Foul shooting was the most important factor in the
Albany State Great Danes' 75-60 win over the Stony
Brook Patriots last Saturday night at University Gym.

In the first half it was foul shots that kept the Patriots
close. While they only managed to hit eight of their 30
field goal attempts, the Patriots made all nine of their free
throws.

On the other side of the court it was a totally different
story. The Danes did not get a single chance at.the charity
stripe while they shot 15-29. Albany was led in the field
goal shooting department in the first half by Brian Kaup-
pila (4-5), Dave Adam (5-7) and Greg Hart (3-4).

But the second half was a different story. When Stony
Brook fell behind by six with 3:26 left in the game and
resorted to fouling Albany. But ’unfortunately forthe
Patriots, the Danes made the most of these opportunities
and canned l6 out of 18 foul shots in a 3:12 span of the
second half that ran until there were only 14 ticks left on
the clock. ‘

Leading the way for Albany was point guard Dan
Croutier who hit all of his eight foul shots. He was havmg
a rough evening hitting only two out of seven field. goals.
But as usual. when the‘ game comes down to the Wire and
Croutier gets fouled, you might as well put the two pomts
in the books.

“I didn’t want to jinx him,” said Albany Head Coach
Dick Sauers. “But every time Danny has a big night (he
had 26 points on 13-19 shooting against ithaca the
previous Wednesday), the next game he comes back and
he can’t throw the ball in the Atlantic Ocean.

“But he hit his foul shots at the end when it counted,
which is par for the course."

Kauppila also hit six foul shots down the stretch to help
secure the victory. Kauppila has hit all 13 of his foul shots
so far this season, as well as 64 percent of his ﬁeld goals.

At the outset of the second half, Albany built up.an
li-point lead behind strong play by Hart and Kauppila.
With 14 minutes left, the Patriots made a strong com-

eback cutting the Danes’ lead to four, 50-46 with 4:45 to
go in the game. But the Patriots would get no closer. as
Albany converted their free throws.

The win over Stony Brook was Albany’s fourth on the
season without a loss. Albany has virtually the same cast
of players as they had last year, so the Danes are able to
go nine deep as opposed to the six or seven that they could
last year. A

“My second team is very nearly as good as my first
team," said Sauers after the team's second game.

But, with recent injuries, Sauers has had to shift the
line up around a little bit. So far this season, he has lost
his starting small forward. starting shooting guard, and
his first’guard off the bench. That is where the depth of
the team has come in so handily.

When Dave Adam was slowed down with one of his
three injuries: an ankle 'sprain or a sore back, Sauers
could put in Doug Kilmer or Kauppila to fill in. That was
not a luxury that Sauers had last year.

Then before Sauers could ﬁnish saying, “This is the
first time i have had my whole team healthy in two and
one half weeks,” as he did after beating York College in
the second game, he found out that last year’s leading re-
bounder, Adam Ursprung, would be out indefinitely.
Ursprung was playing with a deep bruise in his thigh.
which caused the condition to worsen. Urspriing has not
dressed for either of the last two games as further tests
showed that he has a calcium deposit on the thigh. But
Kauppila and senior Jan Zadoorian have picked up the
slack by filling in at that position. .

Then when Kilmer was sidelined for the Stony Brook
game due to a sinus condition that is giving him migraine
headaches, Sauers decided to have freshman John
Carmello suit up for both the junior varsity and varsity
games in case he was needed.

But even with all those problems, the Danes have got-
ten off to a great start. .

The season started off with a return to the winner's ctr:

cle of the Capital District Tournament. in the first round
21 >

 

 
 
 

DECEMBER 4, 1984

 

LUCKEV UPS
Dane center Greg Hart use u for one at his many
baskets against theee est ednesday night.

Grapplers roll by DiVision I foes at Coast Guard

By Marc Barman
SPORTS spimiz

imagine when the Albany State wrestl—
ing team'hits their peak.

it is usually a trademark of Coach Joe
DeMeo’s Great Dane grapplers to reach
their highest level in February when the

 

 

SUNYACs and NCAA Championships
begin.

Either the Danes have peaked too early,
or it is still unknown just how powerful
this year’s Albany State squad is.

The opening two weeks of their cam-
paign has been nothing short of spec-

 

 

LUCKEY UPS

“ bie" Ketz on to leced en Impteeelve 4th in the heavyweight dlvi-
'e‘ig'r'l If: 't'i:e1(.:seet Guerd(lnvite I’oiiei. The Dome pieced second out of 16 teeme.

tacular. it started two weeks ago with the
capturing of the Great Dane Classic. Then
came two straight dual-meet massacres -
a 34-18 blowout over Potsdam and a 47-8
destruction of R.P.i.

But the best was saved for this past
weekend at the lé-team Coast Guard in-
vitational held in New Loundenberry,
Connecticut. The Danes even outdid their
own expectations by taking second place in
a tournament which featured eight Divi-
sion 1 schools and four Division ll teams.

“i knew we had a good team going into
the tournament. but l didn't know how
good," said Coach DeMeo. “This was a
real test and we came through."

Springfield College. a top-ranked Divi~
sion ll school, was the only team to top the
Danes. Albany nipped Division I Colum-
bia for second place by three-quarters of a
point. The Danes finished well ahead of
the rest of the pack.

USA Olympic team-member Andy Seras
was named “Outstanding Wrestler” for
the second straight tournament. Coming
off his first-rate performance in the Dane
Classic, Seras pinned Columbia's Rich
White 1:45 into the l58-pound final

, match, giving him not only the title, but

the Danes a second place finish.

“i told Andy before that match that we
needed a pin to ﬁnish ahead of Colum-
bia." said DeMeo. “And that’s what he
did."

In all. six out of the l0 Dane grapplers
placed. Last year's NCAA champion Dave
Averill took the lZG-pound title as did
another USA Olympic team-member.
Shawn Sheldon, who captured the
ilB-pound class.

Sophomore Marty Pideil wrestled solid-
ly, claiming second place. losing in the
finals to Southern”Connecticut’s Ed

 

Myers.

“Marty’s coming along faster than we
thought," praised DeMco of the
Brockport transfer.

l42-pound Jim Fox nailed fourth place
as did the ever-improving ivan “The Terri-
ble" Katz in the heavyweight division.
Katz’s outstanding efforts so far this
season have his coach bubbling with
complements.

“His turnaround from last year is
unbelievable." said DeMeo. “Last year he
wrestled not as well as we expected. Over
the summer he did some thinking and
came to conclusions about himself. And
he's just gone out right after his opponents
so aggressively. He's wrestling, almost
beating guys that destroyed him last year."

Averill's first place effort might not
have surprised DeMeo, but the
126-poundcr had to work hard for the
title.

Averill was matched in the finals against
Springfield’s John Dunn. an opponent the
defending NCAA champion barely nipped
3-2 in an earlier round bout. in the finals
Averill soared to a 7-0 win.

“l was a little worried." said Averill.
“That early match was really tough. But in
the finals, l got ahead early and l knew i
had him." '

Sheldon had an easier time of it. Never
tested throughout the two-day affair, the
All-American sophomore cruised to a 9-1
final victory over Columbia's Bob
Gladreaux.

TAKEDOWNS:lThe Danes have the rest
of the week off due to the cancellation of
Thursday's Boston University match.
They will be back in action this Saturday in
a tri-meet against Hartford, Brown, and
Boston College at Hartford.

 

 

December 7, 1984‘"

’iNUMBER 42

l

 

 

 
  

 

“Students are intelligently
protesting the 21-dr1'nki'ng
age law with a strong
case. ”

—Steve Gawley

 

 

 

SUNYA Officials foresee 21; SA
nabs over 1 ,OOO anti -hike letters

By Jacquie Clark

STAFF WRITER

While more than i,000 students were writing let-
ters to protest a possible hike in the state’s drinking
age, a university administrator was forming a com-
mittee to review options for the campus in the event

“21" is passed.

This past week, the Student Action Committee’s
campaign to defeat the 21-year-old drinking age
proposal saw the successful completion of a letter
writing campaign which was instituted on
SUNYA’s four uptown quads as a way of making.
legislators aware of students’ views on the proposal,
which .wili be under consideration next year.

“I’ve never seen anything like it,” said Steve
Gawley, chair of Central Council’s Student Action
Committee, expressing his enthusiasm over the
results of the letter writing campaign thus far.

Student Action has obtained nearly 1,100 letters
from just the four uptown quads, with an Alumni
Quad and Campus Center campaign still planned.
are intelligently protesting the
2l-drinking age law with a strong case,” Gawley

“Students

said.

Results on State Quad were especially positive,
said Gawley, where a total of 500 letters were writ-

people (on State Quad) who went to dinner, 500 of
them wrote letters," said Gawley, adding, “1 think
that Student Activism is on the edge of a whole new
trend for SUNY at Albany." He pointed out that
not only did the letter writing campaign serve to
educate students about a vital issue, but it helped
raise interest and concern for future actions.-

Jim Doellefeld, Director of Campus Life, will be
accepting the position as chair of what he calls the
“Impact of 21” committee, charged by Frank
Pogue, vice president for Student Affairs, with
compiling a list of possible alcohol policy changes
in the event of a 21-year-old drinking age.

“1 think there are some clear signs,” said
Doellefeld, that legislators will act on the proposal.
“1 think the pressure is really on the State
legislature." he stated, noting that Governor Mario
Cuomo is strongly pushing for a hike and that New
York will lose federal highway funds if the 2] pro-
posal is not implemented.

Gawley said that a 21-year-old drinking age
would have several implications on campus life.
“This is not the solution becaue it will just mean
that students will drink in more dangerous situa-

 

 

Legislature stalls SUNY

control of exec. salaries

By Michelle Busher
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

A proposal giving the SUNY
Board of Trustees the power to
decide the salaries of upper
level state education officials
such as University Presidents,
was tabled Thursday at the
legislature’s Special Session,
said an official at the Gover-
nor’s ofﬁce.

Pushed by university
trustees, the proposal was add-
ed due to concern that SUNY
Presidents’ salaries were not
competitive enough to attract
highly qualified applicants for
college presidency positions ac-
cording to an article in Thurs-
day’s Knickerbocker News.

According to Madeline
Lewis, a press spokesperson for
the Governor, Senate Majority
Leader Warren Anderson has
said he isn‘t “willing to con-
sider the proposal and its
ramiﬁcations in this short a
notice.”

The proposal had been add-
ed on to a bill that would raise
the salaries of legislators,
judges. and state
commissioners.

The legislature is meeting in
Albany in a lame-duck session
to complete business that was
not decided on in their regular
session which ended during the
summer. '

The salary project was "just
a transfer of authority," said

‘Senate Higher Education Com-

mittee Programming Analyst
Bob Lowry, and so it would, he
added, be difficult to determine

have on salary hikes.

Acting SUNYA University
President Judith Ramaley said
that if the proposal passed. “it
would give the Board more
flexibility," but she would not
expect an extreme increase in
salaries.

in most other states. said
Ramaley, state universities
have some kind of autonomy
over the way money will he us-
ed and can set the salaries of its
ofﬁcials at a level competitive
with private schools.

The salaries for SUNY
presidents, as stated in the
Knickerbocker News, range
from $63,336 at two-year
agriculture and technical col-
leges to $7i.070 at the four
SUNY University Centers in
Albany, Buffalo. Binghamton,
and Stonybrook.

“These salaries may sound
impressive," said Lowry, “but
in comparison with other in-
stitutions of higher education
these salaries are not
competitive. ’ ’

Ramaley said there are two
reasons why SUNY has not
been able to attract highly
qualified applicants. First. top
executive salaries have not in-
creased as a result of the
Governor’s decision to put a
cap on executive salaries, and
also that SUNY executive posi-
tions do not have the same pay
scale associated with the post
of college and university
presidents in other states.

Although SUNY Chancellor
Clifton Wharton is one of the

 

 

ten, up from 350 in last year‘s drive. “Of the 900

College student growing target for advertisers

By Judy To rel
llUSINESS MANAGER

The traditionally volatile college
newspaper advertising market which has
deterred national advertisers in the past is
currently experiencing a period of growth,
according to officials at leading college ad
agencies.

The three major ad agencies. CASS,
American Passage, and College Media Ser-
vice, representing the 3,000 college
newspapers across the natioti. offer several
conflicting reasons for this transition.

Mark Rose, Director of Marketing for
CASS, the agency representing the largest
percentage of advertisers to the college
newspaper media, says he sees the college
market place as expanding.

in the past, said Rose, college markets
have consisted of ads for beer, military
recruitment, calculators, and entertain-
ment products and services. These ads.
Rose explained, were based on advertisers’
common knowledge that the college
market is receptive to those particular
products.

Now, Rose said. large corporations such
as AT & T, MCI. and Proctor and Gam-
ble, who previously directed their advertis-
ing towards 30 year olds and heads of
households, are targeting their ads at col-
lege students.

Rosc attributed the advertisers’ new
strategy to research that found students to

. 

 

tions," instead of drinking on campus, Gawley

12>

the effect the measure would 9>

 

 

  

\ins

\.

 

be like “mini households" who buy pro-
ducts such as laundry detergent, health
and beauty products, and long distance
phone service.

in addition. Rose said, more
sophisticated research of the college
market has resulted in major changes in
advertisers’ perceptions of what the college
market really encompasses.

Carl Bryant, marketing director of
media efforts for American Passage Agen-
cy, was not as optimistic about the in-
dustry’s outlook. “A lot of statistical in-
creases are based purely on inflation,"

I i

 ' seam-assaumms... ..

   

. “Ea n‘
ive show Wuhwl

‘t. cmiiintt “ >
and “"T‘

   
 

e ,,,.. ll.
:nswcn “’m'

55-“

 
 

M
attired“

,, \m M“
. .

Bryant claimed, “and some are the result

of new products entering the market."

l983 is the year of peak college enroll-
ment, Bryant said, explaining that it will
not peak again until the early l990's.
Trends in enrollment can lead to changes
in the market. These could mistakenly be
reported as evidence of an expanding
market, he explained.

in general, the college market is in a
transition phase. Bryant asserted. “three
million dollars, about 20 percent of the
market is disappearing due to a decrease in
alcoholic beverage advertisements." he

 
 
   
    
 

said. The 19 year old drinking age and the
increased national enforcement of drunk
driving laws is the probable cause of the
decrease in ads for alcoholic products,
Bryant explained.

Larry Smuckler, Vice President of Na-
tional Sales and Marketing for College
Media Placement Service. agrees that col-
lege 'students represent an increasing
market.

However, he said, he feels that color
magazines, such as Ampersand or
Newsweek on Campus, inserted into col-
lege newspapers, serve as advertising in-
centives to large corporations like car
manufacturers, that might not advertise in
a black and white newspaper. Publishers
of these magazines pay college newspapers
for the right to insert them in the
newspaper.

Smuckler asserted that the differcnt im-

‘agc of college students is another reason

for the increase in corporate advertising.
“As part of the ‘me' generation, students
are concerned with getting out of school
and getting a job. instead of changing the
world," Smuckler said.

Rose did not agree, claiming “the col-
lege image is still the same as it was in the
60's and 70's. The sales representative
must convince the buyer that the real col-
lege student is the one research has un-
covered." [3

 
  
  

 

 

