- sat—whamuc.”

. ‘s-._.m.9.wm,._ .

 

' COLUMN

    

   

 

,, -..,.,-L...’i.£'.“om

Lo.

 

EDITORIAL, 

,A’New Year’s resolution

   

 

 

Chemical criminalszAt home and abroad

The newspapers this past week have been full of reports
on the tradegy at the Union Carbide pesticide plant in
Bhopal, India where over 2,000 people have been killed as
a result of a poisonous gas leak. Although it is a shocking
inCident, the world should not be too surprised that it oc-
curred. For many years now, multinational corporations
have been extracting profits at the expense of their host
countries' environment. Usually, the problems caused by
these companies are not as spectacular as the tragedy in
Bhopal. but they are at least as damaging and their effects
are often irreversible. From Southeast Asia to the United
States, chemical companies and other industrial corpora-
tions have closed their eyes to the devastating health pro-
blems caused by their products and the industrial pro-
cesses which create them.

LEfrem Kahn

Many drugs and chemicals which are banned, or highly
regulated in the U.S., are marketed abroad by American
companies seeking to make an easy profit by avoiding
rigorous health and safety standards. In fact, according
to the New York Times, over half the workers at a Union
Carbide plant in Indonesia have kidney damage as a
result of exposure to mercury. Mercury is used to make
the batteries the plant produces. union Carbide gets a
cheap labor force and lax regulations. The people of In-

 

The author is the Albany Pro' ‘ '

Ject Coordinator for the
New York Public Interest Resea I
(NYPIRG). rci Group, Inc.

donesia et a few '0 ' ’ '
Shorteneg lives. J bs, high medical bills and probably
Although underdeveloped Third World countries are
particularly prone to this type of exploitation, it also oc-
curs wrth alarming frequency in the industrialized West.
In Canada. the herbicide Agent Orange, which is banned
in the United States. is being used on the forests on Nova
scotia. Dow Chemical is the manufacturer of the her-
bicrde which contains dioxin, one of the most toxic
chemicals known to man. Despite the ban in the US.
American companies are still permitted to sell it abroad,
gilf'idrentally‘.1 ilJlnion Carbide is one of several companies
ic are c a en in ' ‘ ‘
this deadly herbicgdeg the ban in order to continue ustng

Every year. right here in the US, more a ‘
health damaging, hazardous substances are 2:23;: 
ing and leaking their way into our lives. For example at
the Love Canal site in Buffalo. N.Y., an entire commtini-
ty has been evacuated because of chemical contamination
caused by the Hooker Chemical Company. This same
company has also dumped hazardous waste in landfills on

Long Island thus pollunting the water supply for an entire

region.

To bring the story back home to A '
Capital District are threatened by a vlebrilngiorir‘iihpelﬁtullothi
multinational, General Electric (G.E.). Contrary to th‘:
famous slogan, instead of "bringing good things to life 
they have been contributing to the death of the Hudso
River,through the release of polychlorinated biphenol:
(PCB ’5). They are also responsible for the contamination
of residents of the town of Moveau, just up the Hudson

River from Albarty. At least one family has been forced
to move to avoid further concentrations of chemicals in
their bodies.

G.E., which made over 2 billion dollars in profits in
I983, has failed to acknowledge any responsibility for the
clean<up costs of the pollution. Moreover. in a kind of
corporate blackmail, they have threatened to move otil of
New York State if Governor Cuoino‘s proposal fora
clean-up fund becomes law. Cuorno‘s proposal would re-
quire industries to pay part of the cost of a “superfund”
to investigate and clean-up hazardous waste sites in New
York State.

The New York Public Interest Research Group,
(NYPIRG) and other environmental groups are pushing
for a superfund which would be funded entirely by iii-
dustrial polluters such as G.E. '

In short, it is time for these enormously profitable corri-
panics to put back some of the billions they have gained
and to rectify some of their damage. The people who
pollute should be paying for the clean-up costs, not the
Victims of the pollution.

When chemical disasters caused by corporaic gi'ccd
happen .as often as they do here in New York. a highly iii-
dustrialized state of a highly industrialized nation. one
can barely imagine how much worse it is in Third World
countries With no regulations at all. The corporations of
the US. have shown themselves to be without conscience
0r care for the world outside of the corporate board
room. It is time that we, the people of this slitic. cliangcai
least our small part of the world. Social cliangt- hcgiiis
With you.

 

 

 

COMe,DeaR. I
OTileR LiBeRats
HaVe aDaPTeD.

 

V m

"M'Nﬁ

 

 

7.: hi? KMWZ‘W .‘r ml,“— _

  

COWS Press Service

 

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  

 

To the Editor:

Let me begin. by thanking you for your input regarding

SASU’s computer awareness program. Some of what you

said has merit and will certainly be kept in mind as we

evaluate the future of the program. However some points

you made were ill-conceived and off-base and require a

response.

I The decision to become involved with student
marketing in general, and KAYPRO computers

specifically, was given extensive thought and delibera-

 

Board of Directors reviews the pro’s and con’s and then
made an informed decision. These are the democratically
,clected representatives of the students from across the
i state. They decided to offer the students a service by br-
fﬁinging these displays and discounts to campus.
I": As to the implication that there's something wrong
’ fiwith promoting one brand of product, you dont have to
look very long on campus to find much of the same. The
'1 campus is littered with promotional material for various
I products. Bulletin" boards are filled with magazine offer-
 ings, travel services. etc. The campus center lobby is
‘ regularly packed with vendors carrying all sorts of pro-
' V ducts which are sponsored by student groups. The ASP
,ofl‘ers pages of space for the advertising of any product
1. weekly.
The student marketing business accounts for over $200
', million in sales annually. We are appalled at the ﬂagrant
,' abuse of students by this business. We want to establish
I, standards that assure students don’t get ripped off and to
prevent students from being accomplices in the oppres-
- sion of people.
I it must be clear that KAYPRO’s lack of investment in
‘3 South Africa is not a tool in SASU's campaign for divest-
. merit. Divestment from South Africa is a criteria that was
' set forth by the delegate assembly for any company we
. might work with. It is a criteria thath wish others would
_ adopt. We could have negotiated an agreement with IBM
like the University did or worked with Citibank as the
- ASP has. This is against our beliefs.
Finally, we did not develop this program to limit free

 

  
  

_ tion. Over a period of six months. the delegate body and-

 

@specto

Established In 1915
David LL. Lukin, Editor In Chlel
Jerry Camplone, Donn Chang. Managing Editors

.. Hulleralla.Janiua O'Sulllvnn
.Alicia clnibora
.. .. .....JotiriKoonan
..Joa FUSICO. Mlcnollo Krall
oni Kacandos
. lan Spelling
man, Kutlh Mardor

News Editor: ................. ..

 

 
  
  
  
 
  
  

AusoeinloASFoots Editors

Books Editor..

Movies Editor.
Sports Editors...
Editorial Pagan Editor
contribullnq Editor: Jane Anderson. Donn Dotz. Mark Gnsnor. Lisa Mirabella,
Patricia Mllehall, Wayno Paoroboont. Lisa Strain. Editorial Assistants:
Christopher Blomoulal. Mlchollu Bustier. Cathy Errlg. Rick Swanson. Iliiiio
Wuiiisloln. Stnil writers: Barbara Abrohnninr. Torn Eorpon. Marta Cartlno.
Lostto Chnlt. Johanna Clancy, Jacquie Clark, Ian Ciurnonls, Britta Dtarnbu.
Built Ftnnornn. Ronald Brant Gerston. Judy Goncliwlnd. Bob Harilon. Maddl
l Kull, Mark Latino. John Parker. Chrlsllno Rollolt. Joe Romano. Kristine Sauor.
Pam Schuslermun. Mlehanl Skolnlck. Parry Tlaclilor, Mitts Turkady. Spectrum
and Evonll Editor: Rina Young Artist: Stove Dryson

 

Judy Torol. Business Manager
Lynn Saravls. Associate Business Manager
Juno Hirsch. Maura Kollelt, Advert/sing Managers
Mlko Kraimer, Sales Manager

tilllinq Randoo Donor

Payroll Supervllor.
Classlllod Manage
u.

    

Mark Catalano
Advertising Sales: Murr. Hoborninn. Sluvo Lutt, Scull Roln. David Wlllrnott,
Advertising Production: Einliio Frlodor. ierosn Glncalono. Marc Holiarrnen.
Suzanne Jacoby. Elluon Kolbasuk. Jtickl Mldloraky. Sharon Dkun. Amy Paparr
"Y. Lynn Selqel. Gila yanyal, Oilica Stall: Chrlsiliio Elnutil. Linda Delgado.
Fran Loaasao, Marlorio Hosenthnl

 

Sunn Kent. Production Manager
Adorn 5. Ennlo, Patricia ulnnnola. Assoolalo Production Mnnaptrrs

Chlol Typuottor ................................................................ .. Lancoy tioyrnori
iyplsta: Debora Adolmonn. Jonnnlnu Dlanuzzo. Sarah Evolnnd. Sara Fu. Lisa
Gtambrone. Mnuroon McHunh. Porn Straubor. Polio-up: Jonnliur Haydon. E.
l’trililp Hoover. Chaullourl: Warren llurwltz. Richard Sheridan

Phuloﬂtlphv principally supplied by Unlvorllty Photo Survleo. a student
iirou .

Chiral Photographer: Erica Spiouul UPS Stall; Slinrl Altrurt. Amy Cuitftli. Marin
Ciillinan, John Curry. Lynn Drollua. Cindy Gniway, Adam Glnstroro. Hobart

ltarisrnann, David Isaac. Kenny Kirsch, l‘loliart Luckuy. Erra Maiirirr. Mark
Mudiovliia. Chris Orsinl. Lieu Simmons. flotiult Soucy. Duvlti Slllch. Howard
iynar

Entire eonionll copyright 19“ Albany Student Prue Corporation. all rlnhll
reserved.

The Albany Studont Prose la ptibliuhud Turiadaya and Fridays between
August and Juno (lhlnltl Jerry) try the Albany Strident Prods Corporation. an
Independent not‘lor-prolil corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chiul willi rnnmbora ol the Editorial
“on” ""Iﬂkl ulna); policy In subject to review by the Editorial Board. Ativur~

, “MW ill y does not necessarily rollool editorial policy (tinnit- Judy).
Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 320
‘400 Washington Avo.
Albany. NY 12222
(old) 457‘0802/332213309

 

 

._ a, Wgwfv‘t-n‘...  ’ - i .  3 .

choice, but to increase it. While SUNY gears up to
become a retailer of IBM and Apple Computers, SASU
has shown there is another option. I hope that students at
SUNY Albany enjoyed our computer display last week
and I hope SASU can continue to serve the interests of all
the students.
—Scott Weider
Executive Director

Blackout apology

To the Editor:

This letter addresses an unfortunate incident that oc-
curred at the Albany Hilton Hotel on Saturday evening
December 1.

Steppin' Out Productions (consisting of myself and my
partner) was sponsoring a dance part in the grand
ballroom of the Hilton, when at 10:45 pm. the entire
hotel suffered from a power failure. Several hundred
students were already in attendance, and many more were
either waiting online or on their way to the hotel.

At this time, we seek to offer our apologies to those
that were inconvenienced and provide the following ex-
planation. The source of the problem was not from
within the hote, but was orignating from Niagura
Mohawk. At the time of the blackout, hotel management
told us the problem was being worked on and that power
would be restored in minutes. To prevent any possible iii-
juries or chaos by people tryitig to exist the hotel (via a
dark stairway), we were asked to keep our guests confined
in the ballroom. Dtiring the next hour and fifteen
minutes, we were repeatedly told by Hilton executives
that the problem would be remedied within minutes. and
asked to keep our guests in the ballroom. Shortly after
midnight, we were informed the problem would take
several hours to remedy and told we had to evacuate our
guests and terminate an event that had been planned for
over a month. It was a devasting night for all involved
and we apologize to all our guests. Plans are already be-
ing made for a spectacular event next semester (not at the
Hilton), which we hope will wipe the bad taste out of
cveyone's mouth.

Lastly, we want to take this opportunity to thank all
our friends who pitched in and helped contribute to our
efforts. Your efforts are greatly appreciated and helps to
make our parties the great time they usually are. Thank
you.

~Mark Bermnn
——Mlciiael Burocus
Steppin' Out Productions

Business ethics

To the Editor:

Delta Sigma Pi is a student organization. recognized
but not funded by the Student Association. We are like
the other student groups on campus which were organized
to enable students with common interests to meet and to
expand their college experience beyond the classroom.
Since we are a professional business fraternity, we hope
that through our interaction with fellow students to be
able to build upon the business concepts we have learned
while in this University. We attempt to use the skills
which we have developed to benefit the University and
our fellow students as well as the surrounding
community.

We have sponsored many speakers on campus,
organized and implemented Graduate School Informa-
tion Day. and brought businesses and students together at
Career Day. This semester alone we sponsored speakers
on Financial Forecasting, the Aspects of Public vs.
Private Accounting, Methods to Reduce Stress. How to
Dress for Today's Business World, and Preparation for
Office Interviews. We also brought over 30 businesses
and the student body together at Career Day. and we are
now making plans for a successful Graduate School In-
formation Day. in addition to our involvement with the
University, Delta Sigma Pi is dedicated to the community
surrounding this University. We organized a Halloween
Party at a citildrcns day care center, and are currently
sponsoring our own Junior Achievement Company.

We hope that we have given you a glimpse of what
Delta Sigma Pi is really about. We are proud of our
association with the fraternity and of the meaningful
events that we present to our fellow students. We will
continue to uphold the ideals on which Delta Sigma Pi
was founded. business ethics and integrity, because we
know how important they are to US and our continued
success.

—The Brothers of Delta Sigma Pi

Give to the needy

To the Editor:

Whether you’re Jewish or Christian. on agnostic or an
atheist, the gift-giving season is upon us. For those of you
who are Jewish and recieve gifts at Channaka from loving
parents, or for those of you who out of love are purchas-

 

ing gifts to be given at Christmas this year, I ask you to do
something different this year. I’m appealing to you peo-
ple as caring human beings and suggest that instead of
spending money on expensive presents or receiving them,_
you give a token gift to those you love, and in the spirit of
that love, I ask that you send the rest of the money which
you would’ve spent or received to the cause of those
human beings in Ethiopia who are struggling for their
very survival in the midst of the worst famine and one of
the worst human tragedies in this century. If we don’t
help each other as human beings, as a species — how are

we to survive?
—CiIrol Roberts

Open test bank

To the Editor:

Due to overwhelming concern shown this semester, the
Academics Affairs Committee of Central Council has
decided to create an Open Test Bank for student use. This
Bank will be kept in the Student Association Ofﬁce
located in Campus Center 116. We are initiating this
Bank to give students a fair advantage in courses; so that
each of us will be able to look over an old exam and use it
as study aid. What we need to do now. is to ask for your
help. To make this program work, we're asking that each
of you save your old exams so that when we return in the
spring, you can bring your old exams to the SA office and
copies will be made for the Open Test Bank with the
original returned. We are asking for student as well as
professor input.

The Open Test Bank will be avaiable to anyone who re-
quests its use. Copies of old exams will be signed out by
the student with an ID card. Hopefully, with the help of
all of you, the Open Test Bank will be a success. \Good
luck on your finals and remember to save those exams.

—Micheile Legendre
Academics Affairs Committee

Who wins?

To the Editor:

I am a student at SUNY Albany and I am currently do-
ing research on a bill that has recently been blocked by the
NYS Senate for the fourth consecutive year -- the toxic
torts bill. This proposal would reform the statute of
limitations law which bars many toxic victims assess to
tire courts. '

In the cottrse of my research, I have encountered many
graphic letters from DES daughters, former firefighters.
and factory workers who are victims of cancer and other
illnesses caused by substances produced by companies
who never again lead normal lives, they live daily with the
threat ofdeatli, and they are faces with the burde ofenor-
mous medical costs. In addition, these individuals are
denied access to the courts because they did not take ac-
tion within three years of exporsure to these deadly
substances. Yet, in many cases it takes 10-20 years for the
effects to surface and these people will never be able to
sue for compensation.

Who wins?Tlic industries and drug companies who will
never have to pay for the damage they have caused and
the insurance companies who may put their fears of
higher rates to rest. It seems to me as though our
legislature is ignoring representing the interests of a few
powerful industries and ignoring the pleas of a great
many.

—.lacquclyn Pesso

End separation now

To the Editor:

There is only one way to dq this. There must be an end
to Jews just staying with Jews, blacks just staying with
blacks, people must get together. I have been observing
students at Albany University and have found that black
students predominately stay with other black students,
Jewish students predominately stay with Jewish students.
etc. This is to me a disgrace. How can we end prejudice
when prejudice is mainly ignorance? There are still people
it the South who believe Jews have horns. The simple
'cason is because they have never seen a Jewish person
and a rumor unverified seems to be true. How can we
stop this pattern? Well first l'm not saying to go out and
find a person of an ethnic group and try to convert into a
friend. All I am saying is communicate. say hello more,
ask the person what their studying. etc. People such as
Meir Kahara and Louis Farnkkan who try to separate
people from people otin hurt as a people. Groups like
Hillel, ASUBA. Italian Americans, Irish Americans. etc.
should forrii one coalition to solve many of the problems
that conflict them all such as prejudice. Let’s end this
separation. Let’s end prejudice.

—-Iiruce Welnfeld

 

Letters return on January 29
Submit letters to CC 329

 

 

 

*. Lat-(Tijemcx cram-semen... ‘ -

 

