        
 

t
t
a
t

 
  
 

  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 

     
  
 

 
 

    
  
  
  

Moul‘hh";ﬂhv4~iu$l~odlnh"rh-‘n.u~—. M... ». .. ..

t
t
j

i

., .»~,...,.»Vu..4-r-5>O~

10 Aspects on Tuesday

 

 
 
   

December 11, 1954

 

A View From The Aisle _

x

' Second Odyssey Worth The Trip

y God, it's full of starsl"

The last words transmitted by

astronaut David Bowman. pilot of

the Jupiter Mission of the"'U.S.S.
Discovery, before his entrance into the
monolith. As Bowman’s journey ended, so
ended the classic 2001: A Space Odyssey
sixteen years ago. I

Boon Eisenthal

Keir Dullea, as Bowman, was of course
referring to the monolith itself; the
mysteriou structure found by the Jupiter
Mission between Europa and to, two
moons of Jupiter. Dullea's was an outstan-
ding performance, and the concepts idealiz-
ed by the film were no less than brilliant,
but as much as critics and film fanatics hate
to admit it, the two hour and twenty

minute Odyssey dragged due to the

scarceness of dialogue. .2010 doesn't have

that problem. in fact, the only thing 20m

lacks is problems. As in all films, there are a
few, but here they are as unnoticeable as
they could‘ possibly be.

The sequel picks up nine years later (as
simple mathematics will show) with a file
report of the Discovery's Jupiter Mission ‘
followed by the final utterance of David
Bowman as picked up by NASA, and then

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
  

into Wagner's Also Sprach Zarathrustra.
The opening is done simply, but the effect
Is awe-inspiring. The more involved
movie-goer will probably feel a chill down
her/his spine, but even if such a reaction
doesn't present itself, don ‘t be discouraged.
You’re still in for one of the most incredi-
ble cinematic experiences of the year.

The opening shot shows us Dr.
Heywood Floyd (Roy Scheider) atop a
large satellite dish. He is doing his spring
cleaning, list century style, when a Rus-
sran scientist approaches him. as the scien-

to the top of the structure, he requests that
Dr. Floyd meet him halfway. This, in a
sense, is the theme of the movie; a com-
promise of sorts. They gradually work
their way toward each other, and once at
an equal point, agree to tell the out-and-out
truth. Don’t ignore the symbolism of this
scene, as it sets the stage for the entire film.
The Russian tells Floyd of a Russian mis-
sion to search for and gather information
from the Discovery. it is in it’s final stages,
but the Russians know nothing about
Discovery or it's operating system, the
HAL-9000. They know approximately

of Americans Floyd, HAL designer Chan-
dra (Bob Balaban), and astronautical
engineer Curnow (John Lithgow).
However, the usual problems of the Space
Race, the Arms Race, and the uneasy feel-
ings of the Human Race stand in the way
of their joining the mission.

After a brief struggle, permission is
granted to the three Americans to join the
mission. A montage of preparation scenes
unfold, and then, with a flash of the
camera, Odyssey Two is underway. For
optimum effect with a minimum of screen
time, the next shot is in deep space, two

 

tist h ' ' ' '
as asthma and cannot climb the stairs where it ts located, but they need the help days away from Europa home of the

monolith. -

What follo are explorations
discoveries, a new form of space travel
some spectacular special effects, some
distressing news from back home on Earth
and the rewiring of the infamous
HAL-9000. Yes, the Discovery is {mind
and utilized, and while aboard, Dr. Floyd
encounters an array of mystical rharatturs
all of whom represent the "late" txwuj
Bowman. They give a mysterious warning
that "Something is going
pen. . .something wonderful.”

Something does happen, and it lvrings
out the film’s powerful, if somewhat
unoriginal, message dealing with .r drive
for peace and cooperation. Yes, it mu" he
interpretated by some to be nothing thorc
than an overly symbolic propaganda pine
but so what? Movie after movie nouurtlays
seems to deal with war; what’s wrong with
a film that promotes peace for .i tlmngo,
There's a much better word than
"propaganda." That word is lttij‘t' And
that above all else is what this in ovit' 1-. tr)"
ing to bring across; that maybe there‘s still
a little hope. To walk into this movie .1
cynic and a skeptic is to waste four dollars.
So try walking in and watching it with .in
open mind. The effect will amaze you.

Producer, writer, director Peter l‘lyams
may not be Stanley Kubrick, and he may
not have that same disturbing and .it the
same time bizarre touch, but that’s not his
purpose. He wants to provoke some
thought. And he wants to give the viewer
a worthwhile film. He more than \ttt‘tt‘t‘LlS
in both areas.

A piece of advice is to see this movie
twrce, once for an incredible audio-visual
experience, complete with outstanding tu-
tmg, direction and technical qualities, and
once just to think.

to trap.

 

Who knows? Something might happen.
Something wonderful. T

UCB: It Was A Very Good Year

 

’ CB has come a long way in six
‘ months; a long way from a

Mayfest that nobody was quite
‘ sure who was headlining, from "Doug
Kahan Sucks” T-shirts. And they know it.

They know it so well that they came to
the ASP requesting a year-end concert
roundup, if you can believe that. A bare
year ago the Billy Idol preview had just
been printed; UCB would’ve given money
for my head.

Not so the concert board of Fall '84. I
don't know who they are, but they're
frightening in their competence. These
people don't have to worry about anything
that might be said in a “Year End Roundup
Review;” they know it'll all be good.

They’re right. From Fallfest, which
i featured the Blasters and Jamilah, all the
way up to the last concert, which was
Zebra in the ballroom, UCB's aggressive
booking tactics (isn't that a great phrase ag-
gressrve booking tactics, makes my knees
weak just to write it) has provided SUNYA
students with a wide range of good bands.

The Blasters and Jamilah opened up the
year at Fallfest, two good new-music bands
worth seeing before they make it big

Santana and Lou Reed followed '
. November, and with Reed UC'ergird:
. another smart move, latching onto the icon
just before his newest album, New Sensa-
tions, became widely accepted as one of his
best, reigniting his popularity even amon
thekrﬁatnstreafm concert-goers. Santana 013
roc ixture t at he ‘ '
ins concert... is, gave another amaz-
And winding up, Zebra. l’m from Long
island, so i guess anything I might have to
say about these boys would be a little bias-
ed; but strictly from a critical standpoint
Zebra was another example of the care
UCB took in walking a thin middle line; if
you’re looking for a metal act, Zebra
would, without a doubt, have the widest

appeal. -—]ohn Keenan

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
   

 
 
 

December 11, 1984

 

 

halftime wondering what to write. I

had just witnessed one of the greatest
jazz trumpet players alive performing in
one of the most acoustically perfect con-
cert halls in the world.

I was bored to tears.

After listening to Freddie Hubbard's
new album, Classics a couple of times on
the radio, I was excited to see him perform
at the Music Hall. Classics features two,
20-minute pieces recorded live at Keystone
Corner in San Francisco. The album shows
why Hubbard is considered one of the
masters of jazz during the past twenty-or-
so years.

After a short first set at the Music Hall, l
was beginning to wonder who the real
Freddie Hubbard was. But the second set
proved the Master real beyond the shadow
of a doubt —— real cool, real sweet and real
exciting.

lt's not that the first set was bad. it was
the kind of performance that in a small

I stood outside the Troy Music Hall at

picked up the flugelhorn, abandoned the
mike, and really began to blow.

By this time the show had completely
turned around. The band played with in-
tensity and ingenuity — everything they
did was unique and exciting. Heartwren-
ching ballads, wild be-bop, euphoric im-
provisations, everything came together in
an extra-long set that made you forget that
Freddie Hubbard could be anything less
than a Master.

One of the compositions in the second
set was the grammy-winning First Light.
which is featured on the Classics album.
This extended piece featured superb im-
r)rovisation and communication among the
band members. moving through the entire
jazz spectrum, from be-bop to the blues,
from salsa to free-form.

When I left the Troy Music Hall for
good that night, there were no doubts in
my mind that jazz doesn't come much bet-
ter, if not a jot schitzophrenic, than in the
form of Freddie Hubbard. —L.L.

Sound And Vision

Hubbard At The Hall

   

 

 

 

  
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

club would have set the place on fire. It
was great jazz, but in an ordinary sort of
way that was really uneventful in a concert
hall. 1 walked out at intermission wonder~
ing why I couldn't wait for such a great
concert to end.

One of the highlights of the lirst set was
when Freddie broke out of the
homogcnous be-bop with an extended
trumpet solo. His powerful playing rang
through the hall, mixing sharp staccatos
and climactic blues improvisation runs, lif~
ting the crowd out of its doldrums.

Soloists generally provided a respite
from the solid but uninspiring strait be-

A Mediocre Murphy

 

bop. The alto saxist played it strait and
cool, digging into his blues roots and
cultivating some low down and funky im-
provisations. The pianist whirled easily
through a variety of upbeat, jazzy, chord
and melody maneuvers.

But inspired playing did not inspired
music make, Besides a few bright moments
during the solos, the performance was
more than a tad on the dull side.

After halftime (as the Fire Marshall) calls
it, the Freddie Hubbard Quintet really
began to shine. [t was as if during intermis-
sion the band got together in the locker-
room and said, "Okay guys, plan A didn’t
work — let’s go for plan B." Great
playcalling.

The second set was everything the first
set wasn't: exciting, original, cool and fun.

It started off on a completely different
note, with a haunting duet between Hub-
bard on trumpet and the drummer. The
sound was very spacious and filled the hall
with its melodic clarity.

The piece, entitled Strait Life developed
into a funky, latin jam, which featured ex-
cellent piano and sax solos. Then Freddie

ddie Murphy is the hottest young

comedian of the 80's. In case you

have any doubts, last year he sign-
ed an unprecedented $15 million contract
with Paramount Pictures for his next five
films. His newest comedy film, Beverly
Hills Cop, which opened last Wednesday,
marks Murphy’s first shot at top billing.
Paramount has played it safe with Murphy
all along. Television personalities offer no
guaranteed success at the box office, (how
many Chevy Chase films do you consider
memorablel). By co~starring Murphy with
well known white stars with proven box
office drawing power (Nick Nolte and Dan

 

 

 

Aykroyd) in the past, Paramount has had a
hedge against any serious loss. The fact
that we consider 43 Hours and Trading
Places "Eddie Murphy movies" is a credit
to his ability as a movie comic.

John Labate

Now Paramount has unleashed this
bright young comic in a film that gives him
the center spotlight. Beverly Hills Cop
entertains, but has an unimaginative ap-
proach, and what is good about this film is
not strong enough to carry the whole as a
great comedy.

 

 

Murphy plays an undercover Detroit-

cop, Axel Foley, who always finds himself
in trouble with his inspector for bending
regulations. When Axel's longtime friend
visits him with with some stolen German
bonds, Axel wants nothing to do with it.
But when this friend is mysteriously gunn-
ed down, he feels he must investigate,

 

 

Suite 1601

c, TONIGTTOBRINGvou
/ "GARY HART‘S
YUPPIE CHRISTMAS‘

  

  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
 
 
  

 
  

/THREE uisr not

AN ACCOUNTANT
/ ' FROM CHICAGO...
\

Sﬂl't THE SUPER-PMROT Alli) SPOT THE UONDER‘DOG
/ "JOAle LOVES CHRCHI“ [JILL NOT BE SEEN

  

 
  
   
 

APPROACHED mamas
EAST...it rme FROM ASSYRtt,A PHILOSOPHER
“1 //FKOM BABtLomA,AND

 

  
     
 

/CJ/

/...AND so JOSEPH AND MARY STAYED AT
THE MANGER, BECAUSE THERE WAS N0
ROOM AT THE HILTON.

wigs/t HANGER z

 

  
   
   
 
    
  
  
 
  

 

/ BEARle GlFTS OF GOLD,
/ / l’WRH, AND BET/MAX.

\tNNO...
itT‘S “I‘WR H”?

 
 
 

    
  

  
 
  

  

  

 

   

  
  
     
 

 

 

 

 

 

even against the warnings of his inspector
not to get involved. Axel traces his friend's
death to Beverly Hills, while taking a vaca-
tion. There he uncovers a smuggling opera-
tion connected to a powerful L.A.
businessman.
While Axel searches for the bad guys,
the good guys follow him. The Beverly
Hills Police Department is run "by the
book” and looks like the Nasa Control
Center compared to Axel's precinct back in
Detroit. They send a pair of cops to follow
Axel, who has little trouble (and much fun)
slipping away from them. When these two
are on the screen with Murphy, their,
bumbling offbeat humor goes well with
Murphy's trickery; of course Murphy
maintains control throughout.

What pulls Beverly Hills Cop down to
the ranks of the mediocre is an unam-
bitious plot. This places the burden of mak-
ing the film at all interesting on Murphy.
While the film is entertaining throughout,
it never builds to a hilarious level. Murphy
has control of his comic scenes, and bet-
ween these we get car chases and shoot-
outs. lt is a professionally polished blen-
ding of the two. But the main element, the
comedy, flows rather than builds.

Murphy’s encounters with Beverly Hills
society give the movie it's comic motiva-
ticu. In his search for evidence, he deals
with an art gallery run by eccentric young
men (“Would you like a cup of espresso't"),
as well as a posh restaurant (which he gets
to trash) all in his sneakers and sweatshirt.
He looks out of place, and he is, but he
eases through it all at a cool pace. These
scenes highlight Murphy at his best.

Murphy’s quality as a comic is partly his
ability to run circles around his adversaries
with a minimal amount of effort. When
imitating those phony or pretentious
qualities we all have, he is most fun to
watch. His spontaneous character switches
while mocking those in authority are
always sharp, which means that when
Murphy is ﬂinging the bull, he’s also telling
us when to duck. Murphy has his chance to
shine in this film, but not often enough.

Another problem with this film is it‘s
mixture of comedy with heavy drama. The
graphic killings, which account for the R-
rating, add realism, particularly to the inner
city scenes. But Murphy's character is
unbelievable; he acts overwhelmingly
street smart, and manages to squeak his
way through any situation. The Beverly
Hills investigators are honest men who run

their department strictly by the book. In
the end, Murphy manages to turn them
around to breaking regulations. The
simple-minded ending won‘t catch anyone
by surprise.

Most Eddie Murphy fans won't be disap-
pointed. They'll get enough of their hero
here to keep them satisfied. And Beverly"
Hills Cop, though not great, will amuse

most of the college crowd, so enjoy.

 

