 
 
 

_ . _._.__..-V“ -. _

 

 

 

 

 

"’iALBAN-Y STUDENT PRESS CI 7 TUESDAEYJINOMEMBER 13,» 1.984. '

 

Davey JohnsOn: Mets will win pennant in‘1985

By John Keenan
ASPECTS EDITOR

,Before a crowd of over three hundred
pumped-up Met fans, a few Yankee fans,
and the one unfortunate who made the
mistake of coming' in a Chicago Cubs
shirthets' skipper Dave Johnson last
night predicted an ‘85 pennant for his
team.

Johnson. whose managerial skills have
been accepted as a major factor in the
Mets’ one-year rise from last to second
place. spoke to the crowd for about 40
minutes before opening an extensive ques-
tion and answer period that went for about
an hour more.

“You are the first group l've said this
to.“ Johnson said. “The New York Mets
next year will win the National League
title."

He went on to mention that the Chicago

Cubs. who proved to be the Mets downfall.

this year, no longer had Rick Sutclii‘fe or
Steve Trout, while the Mets “have tltc
young talent."

“if you don't win. . .you know what
they do to managers." Johnson joked. “if
we don’t win. 1'“ be fired anyway."

Hardly. Johnson. who entered and ex-
ited the ballroom to a standing ovation
from the crowd, finished second in the
polling for Manager of the Year, and cur-
rently enjoys a large amount of popularity
among the team's fans.

Johnson's appearance cost Speaker's
Forum $2,500. and it was obvious that
they were getting their money’s worth. The
audience was so glad to be there. they
cheered the fire escape announcements
which precede every Ballroom
presentation.

During the question and answer period
following the speech. Johnson answered
all questions candidly. Most of the ques-
tions were of the “Why are you playing
this player instead of that player" variety.

 

and the subject of the Chapman-Backman
platoon at second arose repeatedly.

Chapman is “probably the best (number
two) hitter on the whole ballclub,"
Johnson maintained. and when one fan 5
protested‘thc Wally..Backman wasn‘t get-
ting' enough playing time. Johnson
retortcd “l'm plato’oning him."

Johnson also expressed a desire to fill
the team out with more power hitters.
"l'm an advocate of Earl Weaver."
Johnson advanced. “Get bigger guys. so
when they hit it. it goes out of the
ballpark." Johnson expressed a desire for
“big guys. . .big hairy chests. big legs. For.

 

a while there. when Oquendo and
Backman were playing short and second.
we were afraid to get into a fight with
anybody."

0n. the ever-touchy subject of Tom
Seaver. Johnson held that it was a "tough
situation. You don't want to lose him, but
you're paying him a million a year. if they
want to take him. and give you a chance to
bring up a young pitcher. let ’em."

Johnson. who uses a computer to select
his starting line-up. also knew the right
buttons to push on the audience. so that
the initial enthusiasm never really died
down. In his Texas A&M, aw-shucks

   

 

DAVE ISMCS UPS

Mots manager Davey Johnson spoke to over 300 SUNVA students In the Campus
Center Ballroom last night. The 41-year old manager predicted a pennant in 19 5.

.an' l
got this guy called. . ." and follow with

voice. he'd say something like ". .

names like Keith Hernandez. Jesse
Orosco, Dwight Gooden. and the crowd
would cheer.

He pointed out WCDB's Larry Fox, the
only man in the audience wearing a Cub
shirt. and invited him to stand up; he did.
and took his boos like a gentleman.

When one Yankee fan told Johnson that
the Yankees would alway be the best team
in New York. Johnson replied jokingly
that he really did hope the Yankees
recovered from last season and did well.
because “it would be nice to have two first

' class teams in New York again."

Yep. Johnson was also very quick to say
that he intended on getting Rusty Staub
back, stating, “He will be on the ballclub
next year." He was a little hazier on the

5 subject of John Stearns, however. “His
1 arm's still tender," Johnson said.

When he was asked the inevitable ques-

: tion. “How did you feel immediately
1 before and immediately after the last out

of the
' responded. “i thought that ball was gone.

1969 World Series?“ Johnson

After. i just wanted to get off that field
with my life. They (the fans) came swarm-

: ing down like ants or something."

Johnson handled the criticism of various
ballplayers well. especially the subject of
Doug Sisk's many Walks. “He'd walk a
guy. and the next guy grounded into a dou-
ble play. Once. he walked the first three
guys, and the next guy grounded into a
double play.’I He shrugged; how can you
argue with a fortnula like that?

Johnson‘s vision of next year is an op-
timistic one. as he looks to build up his
ballclub in both strength and experience.

' “i don't want to be competitive. We were

competitive this year.
"I don’t want to compete. i want to
dominate."

 

f

UNIVERSITY AUXILAR Y SER VICES ANNOUNCES:

§

 

LUCKY NUMBERS GAME WINNER

for State Quad Cafe

 

 

 

STEAK

 

 

featuring:

    

The winner receives a dinner for two

Shrimp Cocktail
Sirloin Steak
Lobster Tails

 
    
 

LOBSTER TAILS a

Dinner will be served to you
in your Quad dining room.

V. The Numberrgis. 104507936.

 

  
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
  

 

J

r'uesm Y,‘=NOVEMBBR‘ 13. 19th El ‘ ALBANY STUDENT mess spans 23‘ L 1' '

Soldini sets rushing mark as Danes finish at .500

By Dean Chang
ASSOCIATE 5mm rs rmron

There was little doubt that the Albany
State Great Danes were going'to defeat
Marist on Saturday. The burning question

. of the day was whether or not Dave Soldini

could break Albany‘s

rushing record. Soldini

answer. I62 yards later.
The junior fullback needed to rush for

single-season
provided the

" 155 yards in the season finale to break

Tom DeBlois' record of 1,009 yards, a
mark set in 1975. After a slow first half

K . which saw Soldini compile only 36 yards.

Albany's coaches almost took Soldini out
of the game.
Soldini's seventh run frotn scrimmage in

the second half saved him from being

removed prematurely. From the Marist

42-yard line. Soldini burst through the

niddle of the line and ran the ball 34 yards
to the eight-yard line. The chase was on.

“We knew that Dave was somewhat
within striking distance before the game."
aid Albany Head Coach Bob Ford.
‘When he broke that long one, then we all
knew he had a real chance."

That run led to Albany‘s fourth

touchdown of the day and it gave the
: Danes a 28-0 lead over Marist. By the end
of the game, Albany would make the

score. 43-0. But Soldini was still 57 yards

short of his mark with little more than a

quarter left to play.

of the Duncs’ next 27 offensive plays.
Soldini carried the ball 17 times. Everyone
knew who was going to get the bull, in-

g eluding Marist's defense.

“We knew that he (Soldini) was going

 for the record," said Marist linebacker

coach John Kowal. “We knew that he was
going right tip front. [I was just a situation
where State did a good job run blocking.
He’s a good runner. and he deserves the

: record."

There were some anxious moments for

Soldini fans in the final quarter. Willi less
than three tninutes left to play. Albany
faced a fourth-and-two from Marist‘s
35-yard line. Soldini needed 15 yards for
the record, so this first down was crucial.

Soldini took the handoff and dragged

 

 

 

 

LUCKEV UPS

Dennis Murphy. shown battling down an attempted pass from Marist‘s John Can-
non, led a solid Dane defensive line on Saturday.

defensive players all the way to Marist's
23. One play later. he had the record.

“1 was just hoping I would get it (the
first down) on fourth down." said Soldini.

“l was thinking about the record, but I '

was shocked when the guys on the sidelines

 

told me I only needed two yards."

To properly judge Marist as an oppo-
nent. consider Kowal‘s comments about
the Danes.

"We use you guys as a barometer of
how far our team has come,” said Kowal.

GREA T DANE TRANSCRIPT

, V . , ‘State Great Danes once again destroyed the hapless Marist
he Danes three year total over Marist. to 13944.

efertse held Marist to three first dow

ns and 69 yardsot‘ total o e

if so had 459 yards of total offenseincltiding'42l oh the gt

' OFFENSE ?

:'When i started writing the ‘-

transcript, i decided not to
e abovean A. But! can't

AVE SOL‘DINIQ
‘ . \ Inc The Danes were able to
to he left ’as'well as the right side. The

, ole“line'totally dominated the line of
crt'rnmage. Outstanding performances

were."put‘in by Mike Moriarty. Tom

aeobsyand John Sawchuck. Jake got
thrown‘out of the game late when six
frustrated Marist players ganged up on the
Sawman’as ,Jake came to the rescue.
Jacobs will be severely missed next year as

will Sawchuck if he foregoes his last year
f

I , Sell Ithrew'for another. one of Russell’s
on a ‘56~yar_d run "H
th I

l62 yards on the game to "
' sail-time rushing record. _

Receivers: : Scott . m
g titre

passes for 39, yardsga "touch Wu; and a}

two-point conversion

Grade II“.

Defen'slv Lin :1 don’

. thatjfth'e. Danes} had four-down nethen
because it didn’t seem its if anyonewas

covering. John, Redmond. .l-le ha
sacks; on one he literally p l ‘
quarterback down byhis Jersey. Ron
Washington had three sacks; both he and
fellow defensive end Dennis Murphy
blocked a pass. ' ’ _
Grade A «

Linebackers: Valentino finished up his'lil- V
lustrious career with his usual superb ef- . _ ‘
l 33 3 yar s;per

.0 .

fort. Aside from his numerous tackles V
had an interception which led to u
score. He also just missed an interce

Frank Sarcone played an excellent time as ' '

he recovered a‘ fumble and
line hits. ‘ ‘ ‘

Foxes. This year it a Albany 43.:VMaristOwh h

in the ball over a RedFox defende' 0

"gain don eachpla /'
p x '  '

the Danes. John Donnelly made th m
of a bad snap on a PAT attempt by th,

Came: Mark Piersimoni averaged
’ nt including a 40-yard
0' ‘ d

 

 

Ground attack powers Danes over Marist,-43-O

“Last year, we’lost pretty badly but we
were never in the game. "i thought we
played real well today."

Albany gave Marist every opportunity
to score in the first half. Three consecutive
punts were fumbled away by Albany punt
returner Wayne Anderson. Quarterback
Jeff Russell threw one of his six first half
passes to Marist’s Jeff Van Cura. Ro Mit-
chell also got into the futnbling act. Each
turnover gave Marist excellent field posi-
tion. but the Dane defense held tough.

Defensive tackles John Redmond and
Chris Esposito kept the pressure on Marist
,quarterback John Cannon, keeping shop
in Marist's backfield. Cannon was unim-
pressive in the face of pressure. as he miss-
ed his targets frequently.

“He (Cannon) didn't impress me at
all." said defensive back Anderson. “He
was throwing the ball over and under his
receivers. and he was forcing the ball. But
we were good on pass coverage."

Anderson tried to make up for his three
fumbles with a 52-yard interception return
to the Marist seven, tnade possible by a key
block from Randy Brown. From there,
Russell found Scott Reagan in the end
zone for Albany's second touchdown.

On Marist’s first possession of the se-
cond half, the Danes‘ defense showed how
intimidating they can be. Marist had
second-and-nine at midfield and Cannon
rolled out to pass. Dennis Murphy grabbed
a handful of Cannon‘s jersey and flung
him to thc ground for an eight-yard loss.
On the next play. Ron Washington burst
into thc backfield and hit Cannon before
the sophomore quarterback had a chance

' to react.

Thankfully for Russell. the Danes‘ of-
fensive line provided him with a little more
protection than Cannon received. Leading
the offensive line was senior Tom Jacobs.
who played his last game in an Albany
uniform on Saturday. But the game ended
on a sour note for Jacobs, as he was
ejected frotn the game in the second half.

“John (Sawchuck) and l were in-
titnidating their defensive line the entire
game.” said Jacobs. “But on one of the
extra point attempts. live guys lined up
against Joint, and no one was on me. Be-
ing that he's my teatnmatc and friend. i
went to help him."

Jacobs pttllcd two Marist players off
Sttwchuck and defended hitnsclf when two
other players came after hitn.

“I just stuck my arms out in self-
dcfense," said Jacobs. “When two guys
come after you. you got to protect
yourself."

Russell took advantage of Jacobs while
he was still in the game midway in the third
quarter. The freshman quarterback faked
an inside handoff and ran to the outside
where he had a clear path to the end zone.
Russell ran 56 yards for a touchdown. his
longest run of the season. He totalled 98
yards on the day, which more than doubl-
cd his season total. But Russell wasn‘t hav-
ing his best passing day. so Ford inserted
Anthony Nozzi after the Russell
touchdown.

"Jeffdidn‘t play a real good ballgame."
said Ford. "Anthony had done a lot of
nice things toward the end of the season,
so we wanted to get him some time."

Nozzi thrcw one incomplete pass. but he
ran for 42 yards on just seven carries and
two touchdowns. The offensive line's
domination up front enabled the Danes to
rush for 4I6 yards against Marist, a season
high.

“We’re a ground-oriented team," said
Ford. "We want to establish the run
first."

‘ Looking back on the season. Ford was
not disappointed with the team's 5-5
record. . .
“Based on everything. l'm satisﬁed with .

being 5-5 considering how we started."
said Ford. referring to the injury of star-
ting quarterback Mike Milano. "if we had v.
this record next year, it would be a dif- '
ferent story."

 

