 

2
r
,.
s
l
.

S.
i
l
I.

 

 

2’ s3 manna NOVEMBER 20. 1934

Contents

 

From the Editor

mmhﬂsmmhsmmmhderm-
mlhmbmmﬁudyawiﬁgﬂrwtimmbmhﬁet
bnﬂsnasdeithsE-aalyme.

Nowlmspmdmyweehmdsmagmsmmabﬁgmdermyheadihow
Mlhateﬁmdlnwhieluymau'objetﬁre’attbepressubk

Hanmag'mmvdﬁvemmahastowmiiamgzneyusm‘

Wyctmaing - mksth r" rof
smsaskeMBu-ulyatngm‘ '79 spottersinus,hg‘filﬁI mmassm
mmmkamhﬂsaﬁetlﬂgoemmmm-h
mummsmmmmmwmmhtiuﬁamt
mdba'daaschmpémmﬁlyhmtheean‘ymmds.
Wrmmmmﬁmsangmaamsmmem
memdbycmolthemregmedcmdsesmaMDﬁSam
Samssdhelidtwhmmmmimaﬂegebaskabaﬁmdayﬂehas
mhﬁahﬁgmhiﬂampﬁgxmdsamberofdxmm~
 VﬁchlwrimsttheammSauerswﬂlhavetalhedhis
Scl’thaaeu -‘ .
Tbeteamisasvaytalemedgmaparapmeishac'kﬁomlastyear‘steamex»
whiiilsmeemasAl‘ngwidamtberemwentmaseastoplaydﬁs
msmer. fontreamsinfrancepostmgan
wide-rearedwmdﬁbemwﬁmesbeuldbelpdﬂsteamplayasamore

cohesive arm-dam area’s-53:2: Also the 11:. :me that the Danes qualified for ’

the NCAA played: it was  season after  previous trip to Europe when
 earned Sweden.

On the women‘s ﬁde the Danes again promise to be VET? ext-inns, Among
orbs players Last year‘s exploswe bedtch of Rainey Lesaoe and Ronnie Pa;
rel-9m remm for doe women.

The meme-n ~until open up the: season today against local rival RPl.

The men open up this season with the Capital District Tournament which will
be held at a?! this year.

in the first mind. the Dans. last year‘s champions. will face Union. last year‘s
to:th tuner-ups.

To both the men's and women's basketball teams. good luck in the upcommg
season.

 

3o Croutier: The Danes' leader

Sports Editor Kath Harder writes about the man who gets the
Danes going their Boot leader Daring Croutier.

’- Ronnie: More than just a s ooter.

Managing” EmereanChanginhisﬁnalhutrahforthespons
section. tells about the women‘s basketball team's leading
shooter. but that isn't the half of it Ronnie Patterson means
much more to bet team and the university community.
4-Cover Story: Guards are the strength for men's.
women's team.

Contributing Editor Mark Levine and Sports Writer Kristine
Sauer report on the strengths and weaknesses of the men‘s and
women's varsity basketball teams. Levine will cover the Dick
Sauers' men's squad and Sauer will report on Mari E'u'arner's
women.

7- A look at the SUNYAC East

Sports Editor Marc Berman will explain why Potsdam again
should be  Beast of the ﬁst in the SUNYAC Conference v.11?)
Albany a probable second.

" Photos

 

 

 

 

The cover photos of Rainny Lesane (upper right). Greg Hart
in the center. Adam Ursprung (lower right). Jan Zadoon'an
(upper left). Danny Crontier guarding }ohn Carmello and all
centerfold photos were taken by Lackey UPS. The lower left
hand photo of Kiln Koaalek was taken by Edward Andrew
Munich. The page three picture ofRonnie Patterson in the
jump ball was taken by UPS.

The front cover photo wread was designed by Susan ). Kent.

 

 

 

 

l University Cinemas
Presents

Take me to your
leader......

THE DAY THE EARTH
STOOD STILL

 

 

 

 

 

 

shows 1:30 and 10:00
LC. 18

 

r

 

 

 

 

Fuerzo Latino Presents

6 Night of Elegance

Starring

 Nelson Cordero y su Conjunto Elegant?

6 Latin Band from New York City

Nov. 30 from 9- ?
In the SONY ﬂlbony
.- Campus Center Ballroom
 ggFREE BEER FROM 9-10
. ‘ e  —
TICKET PRICES
 ﬁgﬂﬂﬂ ea
f’ at ' “mil-'1‘: 3313333 : ~
$39.99 without m
  31‘? T33 poor}  I
 561 3.33) with gas: gm j  ’
~ $12.33 without ‘ 

  
 
 

cu-

 

 

Tickets will be sold at the  f :
Campus Center Lobby from 104. PM 3 
November 26-30. ‘1’ A

 

 

SJL Funded

 

 

 

FOR MORE INFORHRTION coll $51-$65!

 

 

 

. Sﬂ Funded 

"*vj‘rw-u was. , _

 
 
  
 

l

l

j
l

rm pg --..-. mung—rainy "agent \"-n.m€arx1.;::t.:.‘.‘.. r.‘.f...'.:..‘  «Na. in...-

-- .-~.:..':r.-‘.';’.n:'

 

 

 

By Keith Marder
SPORTS EDITOR

Remember when you were growing up
and there was one kid that you would

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 1954 El ALBANY STUDENT miss *

Croutier: The Danes’leader

But it is more than tricks and mirrors
that make Croutier so successful. He is a
very talented individual. When he was a
senior in high school he was named to the
Daily News All-Star team as he led St.

 

. ualities for a team catain. don't the ?

Agnes to the Catholic High School Cham-
pionship against the likes of Matt Doher-
ty and Tim Kempton.

These all sound like pretty good

    

Well his teammates answered that ques-
tion with an emphatic yes when they
named him along with fellow guard Dave
Adam co-captains for the 1984-1985
season.

"Danny has matured a lot since he came

 

 

 

always want to play on your team and if
he weren't on your team you really didn’t
want to play? Well that kid grew up and
now he‘s playing basketball for Albany.
His name is Danny Croutier.

Croutier. who is now entering his fourth
year as the Great Danes' starting point
guard. is a hard‘nosed individual who
will never settle for second best. He will
go to any means to achieve success. He is
the type of guy who would run over his
own mother to get a loose ball.

"Danny is as good a competitor as i‘m:
ever had." said Head Coach Dick Saucrs.
who is entering his 30th season as
Albany's basketball coach.

It didn't take long for Tony Dickens to
notice what type of player Croutier is.

"Danny is a very intense type of
player." said Dickens. who is entering his
first year as a Great Dane basketball
player. "He always gives 150 percent and
that is what i like about him,"

Croutier is a fierce competitor: he
knows what it takes to win and he is will-
ing to do it. He also has one handicap for
a basketball player — he stands only 5'7".
What he lacks in height he more than
makes up for in intelligence and
quickness. '

One instance when Crouticr uses his
quickness is when the opposition is tak-
ing the ball out of bounds. Croutier quiet-
ly sneaks up behind the intended reci-
pient of the in-bounds pass and often
steals it. That usually results in an easy
layup for Croutier and two points for the
Danes. And then there are times when
Croutier sees where the other team's
center is planning on tipping the ball on
jump balls. He then gets to that spot as
soon as the referee throws up the ball and
comes away with it.

"Those are the types of tricks you learn
when you're 5'7"." said Croutier.

 

 

( ». r"' i -" I . ”
Dan Crouller (11) wlll not back away from any sized opponent.

a much stronger personality and he
realizes his importance to the team.

"in many games last year the team
went as Danny went. He‘s the ke to the
tempo ofthe game; he has to be a eader.“

Dane center Greg Hart echoed his
coaches sentiments.

"if he plays well we win." said the 6'5"
Hart. "He's the nucleus of the team."

“Danny is the type of player that can
take control of a game." said Adam.
Croutier's backcourt mate.

Croutier is a point guard personified: he
is lightning quick, he can handle the ball
with exceptional ease. thread the needle
with crisp passes. hit long range jump
shots. and speed up or slow down the
pace of a game. He also holds the Great
Dane record for most assists in three dif-
ferent categories. Croutier is the all-time
Dane assist man for a single game. a
season. and a career. a record he broke
midway through his junior year.

“Danny always seems to find the open
man whether it is on the break or in the
set offense," said john Mracek. "He
always seems to dazzle the crowd with a
pin-point pass."

“Once he (Danny) gets the ball in the
backcourt I know i can start downcourt
because he will have no trouble bringing
it up." said Adam. "Then i am able to get
free for open layups because Danny is a
great long-court passer."

The Danes' opponents also realize that
as Croutier goes so do the Danes. This
results in many box-and-ones on
Croutier. which can be mighty frustrating
on a player. Especially wltenn teams put a
very physical player on him to get his
Irish temper flowing.

"Teams try to provoke him." said

7»

‘ here as a freshman." said Sauers. “He has

Ronnie: Not just a shooter

 

 

 

 

 

.Honnle Patterson (lelt) was last year's Sportswaman
ol the Year.

_‘ -_...-m. ...._..-.__ 2:..;_'..;.:;.'.L.J."Ll—‘;

3 my, .1 g41¢ﬁ‘§:;;.:.i‘..£;_ua_  v

By Dean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

Versatility is the name of Ronnie Patterson's game: in
her three years on the women‘s basketball team. she's
been counted on to be the team's rebounder. main
defensive player. and shooter. Despite Patterson's skills.
she does not fit the mold of your ordinary basketball
player.

In the past year. Patterson was the recipient of SUNY
Albany's Coaches Award and was named Albany‘s
Sportswoman of the Year. Neither honor was awarded
solely on her merits on the court.

Patterson works in the women's training room where
she comes in contact with all the women's teams. But
outside the gym. Patterson sheds her athletic image.

Head Coach Mari Warner characterized Patterson as
"an ideal athlete on the court. and a lady off the court."

"Most people think that female 'Lasketball players are
jocks," said Patterson. "I don‘t wear jeans and sneakers
all the time: i'm always dressed up."

Patterson was captain of the team last year and will be
co-captain this year. Her roommate and backcourt part-
ner Rainny Lesane admires her leadership qualities.

"She's friends with everyone. and not just up-
perclassmen." said Lesane. "But she wouldn't be afraid
to tell someone to stop fooling around. She makes sure
that people are doing what they are supposed to be
doing."

When Patterson sees one of her teammates having
trouble, she is quick to come to her aid.

“l'd sit on the sidelines and see what the player is do-
ing wrong." said Patterson. ."jill Silverman wasn't
following through on her foul shots. and I told her so.
Then she hit two in a row: and later on she told me she
hit seven straight."

Patterson‘s biggest role on the court. aside from her
shooting. is to settle down the team. Any team with the

speedy Lesane is going to need some settling down.

"i have to keep myself under control and keep the
team under control." said Patterson. “Both have to hap-
pen at the same time. because once we lose control —
forget it. We're great when everything's settled down."

Warner depended on Patterson to provide the outside
shooting for the Danes last year. and will be looking for
more of the same this season. .

“Ronnie's become more consistent a shooter recent-
ly," said Warner. “She completes the effect of a running
team. This year. she'll be shooting literally from the
sidelines."

Even thou Patterson led the team in field-goal
percentage. 5 e doesn't view herself as a shooter.

"I like playing defense the best." said Patterson. “l was
never a shooter in high school. But last year. only Rainny
and 1 would shoot. No one else would take the
initiative. '

“Everybody seems to think that i have long range."
said Patterson. "i don't think it's that long. I can't shoot
from inside the foul line: the closer I get. the worse I get.
Maybe i'm nearsighted. but the doctors always tell me
I'm 20-20."

Women's basketball teams will be using a smaller ball
this season. Some players had a difficult time adjusting
to the new ball. but Patterson wasn't one of them.

"I don't find a real difference between the two balls."
said Patterson. "A lot of people had to make an adjust-
ment. It is easier to shoot with."

Patterson and Lesane won’t have to worry about
others not taking shots this year. The Danes have been
strengthened inside. which translates into less shots for
the guards.

"For the first time in years. we have height so we can
work it in on offense." said Patterson. "I won't have to
score as much; I'll have to look inside more."

'Dhe Syracuse native didn‘t come to Albany to play

i a»

 

 

 

