 

  

:41

Sweet success, sour suspicions

A re we getting the best deal from SASU’s
deal?‘ '

Last week in our own Lecture'Center
halls SASU crossed the capitalistic threshold in
a pilot program with Kaypro Computer

Corporation.

Their experiment to hook up with private
enterprise'is promising, both for us and them.
But this involvement raises questions about how
a a student group gets mixed up in the business

world.

The deal is that SASU co-sponsors demonstra-
tions of Kaypro computers at five SUNY cam-
puses. in return, Kaypro is giving a 5 percent
special discount to students buying their products.
in an informal agreement, Kaypro will provide a
computer system to each of the five campuses,
and one to SASU, for a trial period of a few
months.

In many ways, this is a really sweet deal. But

these sweet offerings arise from a half-baked

recipe that could sour in our stomachs after
we’ve already swallowed the bait.

In other words, there are some serious pro-
blems that have to be dealt with before wecan
happily accept the apparent benefits of this

program. -

in working with Kaypro, SASU, along with
the SA’s of the five campuses, has come within

a hair of endorsing a commercial product and
company.

There is a big difference between providing
consumer information for students and working
to promote one brand of a product. Does SASU

have the right to start telling students what to
buy? Are they representing all students fairly, or
are they taking decisions into their hands which
aren’t rightly theirs to take?

SASU’s intentions are to serve the students
of the SUNY system, but it seems they are let-
ting their own desires drive them away from

their good intentions.

The lure of tens of thousands of dollars worth
of free computer systems, linking SUNY student
governments and groups across the state, is a
mighty temptation. That kind of information

processing and communication is normally
beyond the reach of our organizations, and it
could work miracles for what student groups all
over the state could do.

Kaypro is also one of, if not the only, major
computer company that has no ﬁnancial ties to
South Africa. The ﬁght for divestment of US
corporations from the racist aparthied regime is
a major cause of SASU. Again, the temptation

of furthering a SASU cause may have pushed
them to overstep the boundary of fairly serving
the students they serve.

With all their good intentions, SASU must
be more careful not to take more authority and
inﬂuence into their own hands to serve their
own needs, or their idea of students’ needs, at

the expense of fairness and our free choice.
This pilot program is a good try at tapping
the massive potential of the marketplace to serve
students. As long as the students, all students,
remain the priority, SASU can expect the sweet
taste of success to come their way again without
the bitter aftertaste of sour suspicions.

 

COLUMN

Justice for whom?

Workers exposed to asbestos, women whose mothers
took the drug DES, homeowners in Long Island who used
the pesticide chlordane, tungsten carbide workers -in
Syracuse and ﬁreﬁghters who inhaled polyvinyl chloride
all have two things in common: they are victims of toxic
exposure and victims of New Yorks unfair statute of
limitations law. Hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers
have been exposed to a variety of harmful substances that
cause cancer and other debilitating diseases yet they have
no legal recourse. New York law states that these victims
must sue for damages within three years from the time of
their exposure, but the latency period for their illnesses is
often 20-30 years. Thus, they are victimized twice: by
their often fatal medical problems and by their inability
to seek compensation. '

1 John Goldsmith

The existence of such an unfair law is no accident. The
drug companies, chemical manufacturers and insurance
corporations that would be forced to pay for the damage
they have caused are some of the most powerful political
institutions in the state. These corporations, in many
cases, have knowingly exposed workers and consumers to
carcinogens and now hide behind a law that shields them
from ﬁnancial responsibility.

For a year and a half NYPlRG has played an active
role in trying to change the law in an effort to open up the
courts for toxic victims. The legislation we support would
allow victims to sue within two years from the time they
discover their illness (the so-called “discovery rule")
rather than from the time of exposure. There are 39 states
that have adopted such a statute. in addition, the law
would contain a "revival clause" that would give all vic-
tims of past exposure one year in which to ﬁle suit.

This past year, NYPlRG and the Toxic Victims Access
to Justice Coalition came closer than ever to passing the
bill. After unanimous passage in the Assembly, a huge
statewide effort backed by unions, victims, environmen-
tal groups and religious'organizations pushed the bill out
of the Senate Codes Committee for the ﬁrst time. The
committee chair, Ronald B. Stafford of Plattsburgh,
became the chief sponsor and lent his powerful support to
the campaign. The bill then went to the Republican Con-
ference in the Senate — a closed meeting of the
Republican senators where the fate of much legislation is
determined — where it languished for several weeks as
victims poured into Albany, phone calls came in at the
district level and pressure in the media mounted. This ef-
fort got 24 of the 35 Senate Republicans to publicly sup-
port the bill: a clear majority that would lead one to
believe the legislation would pass out of the Conference.

However, without the TV cameras and constituents
looking on, the Conference turned around and killed the

 

 

 

The author is a SUNYA student working on the Toxic
Victims Access to Justice project.

bill just before the end‘of session. Their strategy was to
propose a “compromise” that would have excluded most
existing victims and made product liability suits in general
much more difﬁcult to win. The Senate recessed without
passing any toxic victims legislation.

Why did the bill die? Clearly, an important reason was
the opposition of Majority Leader Warren Anderson.
However, if all 24 senators who supposedly were “strong
supporters" of the bill had stood up in Conference to
argue on its behalf we would have seen a different result.
Apparently, some of our “strong supporters" either
stayed quiet or changed their minds when they went
behind closed doors.

Despite the fact that the legislation did not pass, the
campaign was by no means a failure. Strong coalitions
were formed in many areas around the state, the issue
galvanized and trained NYPlRG students, support for
the bill increased and we gained visibility in the media and
legislature. Now that we have raised the toxic victims pro-
blem as a major issue it is time to take the next step and
gain passage this session.

This year there will again be great emphasis put on br-
inging local organizations and victims into a coalition. in
order to get this bill passed this year, this coalition must
be larger, better organized and more visible than last
year. NYPlRG is working hard to help these groups joitl
together and work together.

Locally, NYPlRG has been meeting with the unions,
church groups, victims and community organizations in
the Capital District. The first step has been to give out in-
formation concerning the issue and to ask for support.
Next, on December 11 at the Albany Public Library,
NYPlRG plans to bring these people together to discuss
the issue and plan for future action.

During the spring, while the legislature is in session,
this coalition will work together to make the state govern—
ment understand that there is a great deal of public sup-
port behind the toxic victims bill. Lettcr writing, petition-
ing and other events will be aimed at the legislators. The
successes of last year and this year again show that in-
dividuals can make a difference. People wishing to help
this campaign should contact the NYPlRG office in the
Campus Center.

 

 

x. y.

 

 

 

 

LETTERS

 

Many thanks

To The Editor: "

The staff of Telethon '85 would like to thank everyone
who came out to "Twist and Shout" and raise over 6,000
dollars in support for Telethon. Dance Marathon was a
huge success due to the support we recieved from the
dancers, pledgers, and owrkers. We would also like to
thank Party Master Videos for giving us a four hour
video show that made the ballroom rock; and WCDB for
continuing the great music through the remaining 24
hours. Pepsi was kind enough to donate eriough soda to
keep the dancers from dropping, and E&D Beverages
once again provided T-shirts and mugs as prizes for the
dancers. There were many other businesses which con-
tributed to the dance marathon and we would like to ex-
tend our than ks to them as well. We would like to remind
the dancers that it is important to collect the money
pledged to them by Friday, December 7. for the ﬁnal
prizes to be determined. You all did a great job in raising
the money, lets do our best to send it in.

-—-Neil Capalongo
—Leslle Sexer
Dance Marathon Co-Chairs

Unfair advantage

To the Editor:

“Delta Sigma Pi is a business fraternity organized to
foster professionalism...” And so it goes in the printed
pages of a hopeful pledge's guide booklet to
Brotherhood.

Delta Sigma Pi is one of the few fraternities found here
at SUNYA. The members apparently are selected on a
basis of predicted academic success, future profes-
sionalism, and other qualifying attributes. The new
pledges are buffed and shined to become model brothers
of the professional organization.

Becoming closely involved with a brother, 1 have fallen
upon a hush hush atrocity. A ﬁling cabinet of old exams.
After actually seeing the collection myself, I felt it was
imperative to make this known to others. The tests are in-
deed, professionally arranged in manila folders; clearly

@spects

Eslablishad in 1915
David L.L. Lnirln, Edilor In Chlei
Jerry Complom. Donn Chang. Managing Eulrors

 

.HoldiGralla.Jamos O‘Sulllvnn
Alicia Cirnbora

..John Keenan
.Jou Fusco, Mlchoilo Krell
............ ..Tom Kacandea
Ian Spoiling

News Editors
Associate N
ASPacls Editor..
Associate ASPecia Edlloru.
Books Editor.....................
Mom. eat-m
Sporll Editorl............ ,Marc Barman, Kollh Marder
Editorial Page: Editor ................ ..Edward Reine:
Contributing Editors Juno Anderson, Dean Belz. Mark Goanar. Lisa Mirabella,
Palriela Mitchell. Wayna Pooroboom, Lisa Strain. Edllorlai Assistants:
Christopher Eiomquisi. Michelle Bushor, Hick Swanson, liana Walnsiein,
Stall writers: Barbara Abrnharnar, Torn Bergen, Marlo Carllno. Leslie Chair.
Johanna Clancy, Jacquie Clark. Ian Clemente, Della Dzarnba. Calhloon Errlg.
Both Finnaran. Ronald Brant Garslnn, Judy Goachwlnd, Bob Hanlon, Maddi
Kun. Mark Latino, John Parker. Christine Relish. Joo Romano, Kristine Sauar,
Pam Schualerman, Michael Skolnlclt. Perry Tlschlel. Miko Turitady. Spectrum
and Event: Editor. Rina Young Artist: Stove Bryson

Judy Tor-I. Business Manager
Lynn Saravla, Assoclale Business Manager
Jana Hirsch, Advarilslng Manager
Mike Krolrnor, Sales Manager

llilllnq Randaa Sonar
Payroll Supervisor ............................................................................... ..Gay Paress
Clanlllod Il-n-n-r Flinnn Sheehan

r uni-nu Mnrk Catalano
Advarilllng Sol": Danlaa Royallan, Marc Hoberrnan, Sue KleinI Steve Lutl,
Judy Nuasbaum, Scott Rain, David Wlllmolt. Advertising Production: Elaine
Friedar. Teresa Glacalono, Marc Hobarman, Suzanna Jacoby, Maura Kollait,
Elluen Koibasuk, Jacki Midiarsky, Sharon Okun, Amy Paoorny. Lynn Selaal,
Gila Yahyal, Ollch Stall: Christine Binuhl, Linda Delgado. Fran LoElasso, Mar~
iorla Roaenlhai

Sunn Kent, Produciion Manager
Adam S. Englo, Assoc/ale Production Manager

ChlIl Typouuor ................................ ..Laneay Heyman
lypllllz Debora , Ianullo. Sarah Evaiand. Sara Fu, Lisa
Giambrono, Maureen MeHugh, Prim Strauber. Pulrup: Palrlcln Glannola,
Jannllor Hayden, Peony Kallnar, Chuulleure: Warren Hurwllr. Richard
Sheridan

Photography principally supplied by Unlvenlly Photo Service. I Iiudonl
grou .

Chlei Photographer: Erica Spleual UPS Sllil: Shari Albert. Amy Cohen, Marla
Cullinnn, John Curry, Lynn Drailua, Cindy Galway. Adorn Ginsberg, Robert
Hanarnann. David Isaac, Kenny Kirsch, Hobart Luckey. Ezra Mauror, Mark
Madlavilla, Chris Draini, Llaa Simmons. Robert Soucy, David Strick, Howard
Yvaar

Enllrl cont-nil copyright 1984 Albany Bludnnl Prou Corporation. all right-
telewod,

The Albany student Press is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
A“(will and June by the Albany Student Prose Corporalion, an Independent
"Wm-merit coiporililon.

Edllorlala are wrllien by the Editor in cniai with members at the Editorial
B01"“: policy in subject to review by lha Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not necessarily roiiuct udllorlal policy.

Mailing address:
Alhnny Student Press, CC 329
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany, NY 12222
(hill) 457‘88321332213380

 

 

printed on the provided tabs, the course names.

1 do not hazard the thought that anyone could deny the
beneﬁcial value of an old exam used for study purposes.
in my two years of study here, i have never once been so
fortunate as to have “stumbled” upon an old exam
And now one sunny afternoon, a drawer slithers out from
hiding, exposing the markings of Accounting, Marketing,
Geology, Economics,..., in orderly patterns.

So hey Delta Sigma Pi, what do you say? Can you
share some of this professionalism with the rest of us?
How about offering all of the tests .for student use, even-
ing out some competition? Since we cannot all sell donuts
for the fraternity, and have a special pin in our sock
drawer, at least we could have the same study tools.

—Name withheld by request

Visit the lounge '

To the Editor: '

i thank Robin Sardegna for her concern about the
Jewish Lounge. it is unfortunate that she formed her opi-
nion about the Lounge without ﬁrst coming to see it for
herself.

if Ms. Sardegna had visited the Lounge she would have
noticed that it bears no resembleance to her church “cof-
fee house.”

In fact, the Lounge has served students and faculty
members of many different religions and ethic groups.

We provide information and resource material on:

—Judaic Studies courses

—Jewish happenings on campus and in the community

—The Holocaust and the Potential Holocaust

—Anti-Semitism

—Jewish communities throughout the world

—Free counseling services

Students also come here to study for tests, write papers,
take naps, gossip with friends, eat junk food, and waste
time between classes.

Robin is absolutely right about the location of the
Lounge. it’s not very easy to find. The Jewish Lounge is
located on the 3rd floor of the Campus Center in room
320 (smack in between WCDB and the ASP). it is impor-
tant to note that before the lounge was opened, the space
was being underutilized by a handfull of students for a
few hours a week.

After sitting in the Jewish Lounge for 4 to 5 hours a
day for the last month, and witnessing its intermitant
usage, 1 can safely say that the major obstacle to starting
and maintaining a lounge is that few people have the time
to sit in it on any regular basis. The Jewish Lounge is
open 5 hours a day from “:00 am. to 4:00 p.m., Mon-
day - Friday. Complicating matters further, a room such
as CC 320 must be supervised or locked at all times to
protect furniture and office supplies.

i would very much like to see otherethnicgroups follow
our example; the Academic Departments and the Student
Association would be thrilled to see students express pride
in their cultures and in the University.

Ms. Sardegna and everyone else at SUNYA has an
open invitation to visit the Lounge. We can discuss my
thoughts about starting and maintaining a lounge or
munch out on junk food and hang-out.

—Stevc Grecnbaum

Pro-choice response

To the Editor:

A column as thoughtful and well-written as Sharon
Long’s (“Confessions of an Anti-Choice Feminist,”
November 20, I984) deserves a reply. While there is no
contradiction in being an anti-choice feminist, i think the
view is wrong.

The statement that by 7 weeks the embryo can “cer-
tainly” feel pain is almost certainly false. Brain waves do
not appear until between 8 and 10 weeks. The ability to
feel pain has been estimated as late as 24 weeks gestation
age, because (it is argued) until then the fatty myelin
sheaths which surround the nerves are not sufficiently
developed to transmit pain messages to the brain. Since
the fetus cannot tell us what it feels, the best we can do is
guess, based on our knowledge of fetal physiology. The
scientific consensus seems to be that sentience occurs well
after the embryonic stage (that is, 8 weeks), but before
quickening (at about 5 months).

Miss Long argues that our uncertainty should make us
give the unborn the benefit of the doubt. Would we not
do everything possible to avoid hitting something in the
road that might be a person? However, our obligation to
avoid possibly killing a person does not entail a similar
obligation to avoid killing a possible person. It is not clear
to me that we have any obligations at all to merely possi-
ble people, and certainly not the obligation to make large
personal sacrifices to keep them alive.

if the reason abortion is wrong is that it deprives us of
people who will contribute to society, as Miss Long sug-
gests, then the fertile young woman who resists her
boyfriend's sexual demands is also blameworthy, for she
too deprives the world of a contributing member.
Seducers might find this argument appealing, but no one
else can take it seriously.

Even if it were generally true that women who have
abortions are coerced into doing so, as Miss Long
believes, this would at best be an argument for reducing
the social pressures that lead women to choose abortion.
it is no argument at all for depriving women of the choice
of abortion. That is objectionany paternalistic, and im-
plies that women are incapable of making informed
choices about abortion, a suggestion l resent. ‘

Certainly in the first trimester, and probably well into
the second, the unborn is neither conscious nor sentient.
it does not suffer nor is it made miserable by being killed.
For whose sake. then, must a pregnant woman be forced
to carry a child she does not want? No one is morally
obligated to serve as a life-support machine for a poten-
tial person, any more than anyone is obligated to create a
personbyengaging in intercourse.

Few people regard abortions as morally neutral, or just
another means of birth control. We all wish abortions
were never necessary. However, making abortion illegal
will not prevent them from occurring, although it will
make them more dangerous. Since abortions do not
violate anyone’s rights, it'is morally incumbent on society
to ensure that all women have access to safe and legal
abortions.

—Ilonnle Sleinbock

Male misconceptions

To the Editor:

I feel compelled to respond to the letters i have read in
the ASP recently concerning pornography. it appears
that there are many men on this campus who feel
qualified to discuss pornography without acknowledging
the limits of their knowledge and perspective. 1 would
like to suggest to these readers and others some methods
for educating themselves about the variety of political,
social and economic issues which pornography raises:

UFirst, read a book called Take Back the Night:
Women on Pornography, edited by Laura Lederer. It is
an excellent source. included in the book is an article en-
titled “An interview with a Former Pornography Model”
by Laura Ledercr, which addresses the many people who
are still arguing that women who pose for pornography
do so willingly, as if that were their “chosen profession."
in this interview, a woman describes how she answered an
ad for “models” because her rent was due and she had no
money. She was recently out of high school, and had held
a number ofjobs, but was fired because of ill health. She
ohOWS quite clearly that women who enter the por-
nography industry do so out of economic need: “...most
women come in under a lot of stress. They’re usually
desperate...maybe they need money for some emergency
like i did, or they’ve gone as long as they can doing odds
and ends or working at shii jobs, and they finally just
have to pay their bills...i met lots of women who were
financially strapped...most of the women who came to
the agency were poor, or in extreme times of crisis, or
30th.” (p. 47) She goes on to describe how the modeling
agencies stop giving models “soft core" work after a
short time, forcing them into harder and harder core
work.

Another article in the same book, Diana Russell’s
“Pornography and Violence: What Does the New
Research Say?" describes some studies done on the links
between pornography and violence against women. One
study involved 53 male students who were given a story to
read which depicted a man violently raping a woman at
knifepoint against her repeated protests. When asked if
they would emulate the man’s behavior if they could be
assured of not getting caught, Si "70 of these men said
they might. (p. 221) There is nothing to indicate that these
male students are any different from any other male
students.

There are many excellent articles in this anthology
which addresses a variety of issues, including por-
nography and the First Amendment. it is a book that
everyone should read.

OSecond, the men who believe that Playboy and other
so-called “soft-core” pornographic magazines are about
love, eroticism and the beauty of the female body have
obviously never put themselves in the woman's position.
i would like to challenge everyone who holds this belief to
do just that — literally. Here's your chance to educate
yourself about the issues you’ve been arguing: take your
magazines home, Inck yourself in your room, take off
your clothes, and assume the positions these women are
in. Make sure you extend, twist, bend and otherwise
distort your body the way those women do. imagine
yourself being viewed by millions of people while you try
to look like you're enjoying it. You will soon find out that
those pictures are about submission and degradation, not
beauty or love.

if you are afraid to do this, it appears that you already
(now that that's what you’ll find out. Do it anyway, and
:ead the book, too — you will certainly find both to be
nighly educative. and you'll be much better equipped to
discuss the issues connected with pornography.

—Staeey Young

 

w _..,__..-~J-——-‘_i_._u.'t

' ‘iﬂ’i’uﬂf;"i;*m"i” ~

‘2.- 

 

