 

 

i

t
i
g

»_~.M

“H

“In:

By Marc Berman
SPOR TS EDI TOR

They are not predicting a na-
tional championship yet, but tlte
Albany State wrestling team sure
looked like champions in their
season debut this past Saturday.

With 1984 Olympic team-
member Andy Seras back in 5
Purple and Gold uniform, the
Danes finished first in the highly
competitive Great Dane Classic,
edging Division l Syracuse by
three points.

in the process. Seras. who was
an alternate for the l984 USA
Olympic team in Greco-Roman
wrestling, captured the
l58-pottnd division, markirtg his
third Great Dane Classic cham-
pionship. He was voted
“Outstanding Wrestler" for the
tournament.

While Seras’ top performance
was predicted, the Danes' first
place finish was not. Especially
with Syracuse, a Division I school
ranked No. l in New York State
by the coaching polls, on hand.

“When i found out Syracuse
was bringing their full team, i
didn’t think we were going to win
it," said Albany State Coach Joe
DeMco. “i would have to say this
is going to turn into the finest
team l’ve ever had at Albany
State."

Though the team looked good
enough to win an NCAA cham-

pionship, DeMeo refused to
predict one. “i think we have
what it takes to win," said
DeMeo, “but l'can‘t say now that
we will. l‘m sure we‘ll make our
finest showing though."

in all, two Dane grapplers plac-
ed first, five catne in second, and
tltrce finished third.

Last year’s former NCAA
champion Dave Averill and USA

Olympic team member Shawn'

Sheldon were not pleased with
their second place finishes.

Averill was beaten‘ 5-] in the
finals of the lZﬁ-pound bracket
by Syracuse’s Tony Catronio.
The senior three-time all-
Atnerican had an easy ride to the
finals, pinning his first two op-
ponents and blanking his third.
ll~0.

But in the finals, Averill was up
against a wrestler who beat him
three years ago in the Classic's
l'lnal. ’

“He wrestled better tltatt tnc
tonight,“ said Averill. “it's early
in the season and my timing is
definitely off. Everything is not
set yet. And l’m not too happy
with my endurance."

Sheldon‘s failure to win the
1|8-pound titlc perhaps can be at-
tributed to his recent participa-
tion in the World Cup in Sweden.
where Sheldon snatched the
bronze medal in Grcco-Roman
wrestling.

Albany grapplers capture Great Dane Classic

      

NOVEMBER 20, I984

 

 

 

 

United States to finish second for Albany State In the Great Dane Classic.

“He only had five days to
prepare for the Classic.” com-
mented DeMeo. who also just
returned from Sweden with the
USA World Cup team. “it takes
the great ones four to five weeks
to switch successfully back from
Greco-Roman to college style. it's
like tennis and racketball. They're

both similar. but it takes time to
adjust from one sport to
another."

Sheldon's final match was even
more frustrating because he blew
a 3-0 advantage in the final
period. Onconta's Daryl Miller
scored two takedowns, a double
leg and a tilt to give him a 5-4

victory.

“l’m a little disappointed.’

blem in winning the lSB-poun r,- '
18 V

V _ LUCKEV UPS '
Shawn Sheldon, who won the bronze at the World Cup in Sweden a week ago, came back to the.

Women barriers content
with their 8th place finish

By Cathy Errlg
SI'AI'F \\'KII'ER

Week after week. they had, in the words
of their coach. “risen to the occasion," an
action that qualiﬁed the Albany State
Women harriers for the NCAA Division

lll Nationals. a chance to prove
themselves as one of the top Division lll
cross-country teams in the nation.

And on Saturday. the Danes once again
“rose to the occasion." as they finished
eighth out of the competing 12 teams.

Taking the national title was St. Thotnas
College of St. Paul, Minnesota. upsetting
Lacrosse College of Wisconsin, 50 points
to 64. it was. for the defending champion
Lacrosse team. the first loss of the season.

lthaca college took third with 114
points, followed by Franklin and Marshall
of Lancaster. Pennsylvania and the
University of Wisconsin at Oshkosh
followed in fourth and fifth places with
148 and ISO points, respectively.

Smith College. whose team ran, accor-
ding to Head Coach Ron White, “Their
best race all season," placed sixth with 164
points. Clarcmont-Mudd-Scripts of
California was seventh, scoring 189 points.

Albany. finishing eighth with l97 points
had. according to harricr Kim Pcttichord,
“a great showing for a first meet.
l-‘inishing eighth in the nation ought to
show people that we’re more than just a
'good' team."

Luther College of lowa finished in ninth
place with 198 points, Catholic University
of Washington, D.C. and Oberlin College
othio tied for tenth with 265 points, and
California University of Pennsylvania was
eleventh. finishing with 297 points.

For the members of Albany's team. the
experience of competing in nationals is one
they will long remember.

“it was scary at first." recalled Lynn
Jacobs. who finished fifth for Albany with
a time of 20:02.32, a time which gave her
90th place overall. “We had watched the
guys' race before we ran and noticed that
the runners got pushed back instead of for-
ward. You had to go out really fast."

Teammate Bette Dzamba echoed her
response. “it was a much stronger field
than what we're used to; every time you
slowed down at least ten people would
rush by you. Dzamba finished the tough
S-kilometer course in 19:37.31, fourth for
Albany and 78th overall. I

Going into the race. the women describe
their frame of mind as rather relaxed, for

18

TO” KACANDE! AS

Junior Donna Burnham was Albany’s
thlrd llnlsher at last weekend's NCAA'a.

 

 

Men harriers place distant 1 6th

By Tom Kacandes
STAFF WRITER

Disappointment and frustration were the sentiments expressed by Head Coach Bob
Munsey and members of the Albany State Men’s cross—country team after the Danes'
léth-place finish among the 21 teams competing at the Division lll NCAA National
Championships held at Ohio-Wesleyan College last Saturday.

St. Thomas won the meet scoring only 76 points; North Central lllinois was second
and Brandeis was third. The New York Region fared only slightly better than last year
as fourth-ranked St. Lawrence finished tenth overall with 278 points. Albany was six-
teenth with 378 points and Fredonia State took eighteentthlbany’s placing last year,
with 436 points.

A big factor in the Danes' disappointing finish was the allergy attack that Ed McGill
suffered the morning of the race. “He was so bad,” Coach Munsey recalled, “that we
thought that he’d have to be taken to the hospital after the race. but it wasn't quite
that bad." Despite the rashes and swelling caused by the attack McGill led the Danes
with his 60th place finish in 26:08. .

“Ed had a good shot at being All-American," said Junior lan Clements, “but he
obviously didn’t have a good race when he needed to. which happens to everyone.”

Possibly the biggest factor in Albany’s ﬁnish was senior Jim Erwin's poor finish due
to an asthma attack suffered shortly before the race. Erwin finished second for the
Danes at the lC4A Championships this year. and was instrumental in Albany's third—
place finish. Hampered by his restricted breathing, Erwin did not score for the Danes
when he would most likely have been the team’s second or third man.

The man who came through once again to help the tean in the clutclt was junior
Craig Parlato. Finishing second for Albany and 77th overall. Parlato ran an excep-
tionally strong race to finish in 26:22.

“i got a good start and felt god gaing up the hills, so i picked up places the whole
way," Parlato said afterwards. Coach Munsey waxed enthusiastic over Parlato saying,
“He had a truly outstanding race. maybe the best of his career."

Clements was third for Albany in lotst place overall. “i didn‘t have an especially
good day," he said. Captain Chris Callaci and sophmore Tim Hoff finished together.
l32nd and l33rd. respectively, to wrap up the Danes’ scoring. ‘

Junior Chuck Brenner, who finished sixth for Albany and 158th overall said, “it‘s a
big honor just to qualify for the National Championships. There are over 250 teams
and only 2i get that far, so disappointed or not, it was a good season.”

Certainly the disappointment is justified. but in fact. 1984 was the harriers' most
successful season in a decade. Ranked tenth for the last part of the season, the Duties
could easily have made good on the prediction with a healthy Erwin.

“You can play 'what if’ all day. but it's in the history books now. i feel bad for the
guys because this team was ready to go," Munsey said. The harricrs were undefeated
against Division lll teams in the dual meet season arid went on to snatch the SUNYAC
crown away from Frcdonia. take third at the lC4A’s and second at the Regional
Qualifiers.

“We ran tough all season and we won SUNYAC’s" commented Callacl, “we did
the hard work, beat teams who underestimated us and qualified for Nationals twice in
a row: it was a damn good seas‘on and now we’re done. Good Night." U .

 

said Sheldon. “l cottld’ve \vrestl'
cd smarter. But it’s great that th
team won. Everyone cam
through." »

As predicted, Seras had no pr

 

i

      
    

"“ '.-..

 

‘ 't ‘ ‘% Rouge wears: .ﬁ";

VOLUME LXXI

“ﬁnish-Au... .. .._.....,... v... . ..

Guardian Angels founder Curtis Sliwa
"Whether SUNY is adequately dealing with it '5 crime only students would know. "

Sliwas address need for Angels

Vote urged to elicit students’ view on campus chapter

By Beth Flnneran
STAFF WRITER

“if there’s no need for a SUNY
(Guardian Angel) Chapter one
simply won’t exist,” Lisa Sliwa,
Guardian Angels national direc-
tor; announced Wednesday at a
Press Conference that preceded
her appearance with her husband
and founder of the organization.
Curtis Sliwa Wednesday night in
the Campus Center Ballroom.

The Sliwas, who were brought
to campus by Speaker's Forum
and were paid $500 each. spoke
before approximately 200
students.

Curtis Sliwa said that his in-
terest in establishing a “satellite
unit" of the Guardian Angels on
campus evolved because the need
was expressed by 13 SUNYA
students.

“Whether SUNY is adequately
dealing with it's crime only the
students would know." Sliwa
said. explaining that the interest
and input as well as the work
would have to come from
students. He added that the need
for a chapter had also been ex-
pressed by students at Russell
Sage.

“if students told us to pack our
bags and leave that would be
fine." Sliwa said after suggesting
a debate and referendum so
students could voice their views.

He said that the goals of the
Guardian Angels are to create a
positive role model as well as a
visual deterrent to crime.

Sliwa also expressed criticism
of the police system declaring,
“The quickest way to get in touch
with the cops is not to call 9] l,
but to get the number of your
local Dunkin Donuts."

Sliwa caused much controversy
when he first began an Albany
Guardian Angels chapter in Oc-

. tobcr. Despite initial opposition
 from Albany Mayor Thomas

Whalen, Sliwa confirmed that the
Angels are,”here to stay" and the
current volunteers have ﬁnished
their first month of training.

The Guardian Angels currently
operate in 53 American cities and
four Canadian cities, said Sliwa
noting that no precedent would
be set by a SUNYA chapter since
chapters currently work at Nor-
thwestern. Ohio. and Syracuse
Universities.

Lisa Sliwa expressed concern
over women's safety, saying it is
“overwltelmingly women who are
victitns" of violent crimes. “The
people responsible for our safety
sould be ashamed,” site said. ad-
ding that she is “sick of those in
power and their egos being more
important than our safety."

He encottraged young people to
get involved now because in the
future, “you'll be so caught up
in the rat race that you won‘t have
time for anyone but
yourself...givc a little bit of your
time and energy before you get
bombarded."

Lisa Sliwa also statcd that the
Angels success has enabled them
to branch ittto other areas such as
“food and clothing distribution,
self-defense programs, and a
speakers bureau which sends
speakers out into communities."

SA vice—president Suzy Auletta
said she didn’t feel there is a need
for a Guardian Angel Chapter on
campus. “Don't Walk Alone
(SUNYA’s escort service) is doing
a great job." Auletta explained,
“We have a lot of people dealing
with the problem now as it is."

“Don’t Walk Alone" is a
volunteer escort service set up at
the beginning of the year.

“A lot of people might get the
idea that there’s a lot more crime
than there really is," Auletta said.
adding that the Guardian Angels
signify a high crime arcewhich
she feels the campus is not.“ v

..
w

 

 
 

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

 

 

DAVE ISAAC UPS

Auletta also said she didn't
think it would be a problem for
the Guardian Angels to get SA
recognition.

Curtis Sliwa said that every col-
lege chapter co-exists with an
escort program.

Rochelle Hichenson, director
of the Don’t Walk Alone Pro-
gram said she could not comment
on the subject of Guardian
Angels.

“We would not attempt to en-
croach on that (Don't Walk
Alone)," Sliwa said.

He also stated that he saw a
need for the Angels particularly
on Thursday. Friday, and Satur-
day nights. since Don't Walk
Alone escorts are not available on
weekends. or after ll dttring
weeknights.

The Sliwas werc loudly ap-
plauded by the enthusiastic
crowd.

“Tltcir presentation wasn't a
pitch. it was more an informative
type of thing.” said Liz Russo. a
sophomore. “They wanted to
give you an understanding of
what they stood for.”

Joseph Maicr, a Guardian
Angel trainee who formerly work-
ed on campus for Burns Security,
said “They need it down where i
live —— Arbor Hill is bad." Recall-
ing his job on campus. Maicr
said, “it was pretty rough then ——
They should try it here."

Secretary of Speaker's Forum
Mike Berman said that the Sliwa's
"were very loquacious. they
didn't dodge any questions and
represented their group very
well."

He added that he personally ap-
proves of them greatly and has
nothing against a chapter on

Cahir Sinnott a junior who at—
tended said. “i don’t think it's
needed," although, he added,
"There’s nothing wrong with it if
it comes.” D

‘

Profs debate

STUDENT PRESS conPok‘A non

Tuesday“ -;

December 4, 1984‘

   
  

NUMBER 41

‘Star Wars’

 

weapons, nuclear freeze

By Pam Schusterman
STAFF WRITER

if the thought of Star Wars
comes to mind when you hear
about the arms race, at least one
SUNYA professor doesn’t think

. there's much to worry about. “i

never paid much attention to the
technologies of 'Star Wars'
because it is not going to work
technically and it is economically
impossible,” said History Pro-
fessor Richard Kendall.

Kendall spoke along with three
other professors last Wednesday
at a Professors Forum on the
Arms Race held by the New York
Public interest Research
GrouptNYPlRG) at SUNYA.

Topics discussed ranged from
the proposed nuclear freeze to
Presidents Reagan's “Star Wars"
space weapons proposal.

According to the forum's
moderator, Barbara Abrahamer,
the forum was held "basically to
educate people about the arms
race and to try to get them
involved."

SUNYA History professor
Donald Birn. who also teaches a
course titled Peace and the

Nuclear Age, “the arms race is '

taking a dangerous new turn and

it is not appropriate to put all the'

blame on Reagan. Nine new

nuclear weapons did not just spr-
ing out of Reagan’s white
house." Birn said, “he (Reagan)
sees an ominous trend and the key
thing to focus on is new
capabilities of weapons and what
dangers they hold."

“What worries me.“ he said,
“is how much of focus there is on
technology."

“1 am as much for peace as
anyone else," began Sandor
Balogh, professor at Hudson
Valley Community College, “but
the question is not who is for
peace and who is for war. but
what is the best war for peace."

Balogh said he believes we must
find a way to defend ourselves, “i
would like to have a system that‘
the Chance that i will be destroyed
is minimal...l don't want to be
killed even once. i want to be
defended."

Anne Sloan. from SUNYA's
Political Science Department,
said she feels, “we must have
faith in radical technical advances
and the Star Wars strategy falls
into this category.”

The US. must dominate space

to make it work," Sloan said. ad-
should. "limit
before we

  

17>

 

 

 

Textbooks In the University bookstore “13

 

“This school has an enormous turnover of changing books. . .

SA explores possible new
textbook buyback system

With finals approaching and students eagerly looking forward to
getting rid of'their textbooks. Student Association officials are ex-
ploring a ttcw buyback system for textbooks, but a University
bookstore manager says the idea won't work.

Student representatives assert that SUNYA's Barnes and Noble
does not offer students enough money on textbook bttybacks.

According to Central Council member Michael Solomon, “an
alternative frotn Barnes and Noble is a necessity."

The alternative SA seeks is a buyback store where students bring
in used textbooks and fill out cards with their names. addresses.
and the amount of money they want for the books. When a book is_
sold the card is sent to the student who can then pick up the pay--
ment at the buyback store.

Howgvcr, Barnes and Nobles' manager Marj Campbell said stu-
dent buyback plans usually don’t work.

“This has been tried before on other university campuses, and
even on this one. and it has never succeeded." she said.

“it hasn't worked for a number of reasons," she said. “our
guide has the newest information." and so it would be difficult for
students to come up with information about which textbooks are
going to be needed the following semester.

“This school has an enormous turnover of changing books by
the faculty — most schools don't, but we do," Campbell said.

“l'm sure there is a big market out there —— there alway‘szga:

 

 

 

 

