t

H T- ,“rts...ws,.-._c-'- .

 

 

cf .
,,

1’ '

gs
ﬁt
E
i?
i.

7  

* St udentASSOciat ions - are realIyAmerica n

I I Bringing America Back."
That yvas one of President Reagan’s cam-
paign themes. conservatives are now trying to
ride the wake of Reagan's landslide victory to bring
back their version of America to our campuses. But we
won't have it.

Yesterday. studentsat SUNY Buffalo overwhelm-
ingly quashed an attempt by conservative campus
groups to abolish the mandatory student activity fee
that funds their SA and contributes to SASU (see
stories. page I).

If the move had succeeded, the fee would become
voluntary, spelling the end for Buffalo's SA.

Why would this conservative coalition want to
destroy the source of almost all student activity?
Because they see Student Associations as havens for
liberals, catering to tninorities and other groups that
support "leftist" causes.

What really worries the conservatives is that there
is trouble in their paradise — they are witnessing the
collapse of the white male dominated America, the

“good old days" of the 50's when their version -'of-
America reigned supreme.

But this is no longer a nation that will tolerate
racism and prejudice. that will blame women for the
rape and discrimination they must live with, that Will
lock homosexuals in the closet as mentally ill. We will
not sit by as our government supports brutal military
dictatorships or capriciously interferes in other na-
tions' destinies for our own political and economic
interests.

The America conservatives want brought back is
waslting away, becauscthere is a growing undercttrrcttt
of awareness, enlightenment attd concern.

And yes, student associations do reflect these pro.
grcssive ideals. There are places where minorities have
their voice. and the chance to gain what has been and
is still denied them in the “real world.“

They are places where authority and the status quo
arc questioned, and where social change is a goal, and
not a threat.

They are places where students can explore the
possibilities of a new and improved America. and not
sink back into the deluded nostalgia of days gone by,

But no, they are not havens for liberals and letting.
Conservatives have as much a right to student money
as anyone. And that is the beauty of SA’s — they serve
all students, they are open to everyone.

Good work, comrades in Buffalo. You protetl to [15
that the America we want is better than what a
desperate conservative conspiracy is trying to save. A
progressive America, that is moving ahead into a new
and greater vision than the status quo of the past,

 

COLUMN

Quality education at a fair price

The SUNY s_\stcm prmides an education of low cost
and high quality. lt is certainly a benefit to tile thousands
of students who attctttl SUNY schools tltat tltesc exist.
attd itt addition. that they remain low cost, and high
quality. With every ten percent tuition increase two per-
eent of the students are closed ottt of an education.

.
[Nathaniel Cha rney l

SUNY‘s mission is "to provide broad ace s to a quali-
ty higher education based on the desire to learn ttot the
ability to pay." The desire of students to cotttinnc this
system is exemplified by one organiuttion which cott-
tinues to fight to keep the SUNY mission iii place. The
Student Association of the State University is a statewide
advocacy organization promoting the interests of SUNY
students. livery l'ull titttc undergraduate student, as well
as countless graduate and part titne students. pay $l.50
per semester to the SASU organization. Where does this
mottcy go. attd what are you getting for it?

The answer to this question is simple. SASU is an ex-
tremely effective lobbying group, presenting the student
side to SUNY Central Administration, the Legislature,
the Goiernor‘s office. courts and other statewide
decisimt-makittg bodies. SUNY-Albany has three
delegates to SASU; one being the SA President. attd two

 

 

The autltot is a SUNY Albany delegate to SASU.

elected delegates. Although the conferences that are
scheduled throughout the year are vital to the functioning
of SASU. the real effort comes itt tltc “grass-roots."

In the past year, SASU has led statewide lights against

a raise in tltc drinking age, tuition hikes and increased
women‘s safety. atnong countless other issues. SASU has
itttprcssivcly conic ottt victorious in all of these issues.
thanks to grass-roots campaignng the twenty-one year
old drinking age was stopped in the state legislature. The
1984-85 year will be without any tuition increase and
womctt can be assured that their safety on SUNY catn-
pttses will be the focus of tntteh study and action.

SASU can be only as effective as a result of direct stu-
dent involvement. The power of a statewide student
tittion contcs from an intense network of local campus
chapters. regional organizations. and a statewide decision
making body. (lssues present themselves when they are
threatening the SUNY mission.)

Every year SASU holds a membership conference
where issues are placed on the agenda for the year. This
year. along with battling any tuition hike and raise in the
drinking age, SASU has prioritized voter registration,
minority recruitment and retention and women's safety.
You might say that state legislators and the governor, as
well as the etttirc SUNY Central Administration, pay
close attention to wltat SASU is doing. They realize that
when this enormous student union had decided to tackle
an issue, attention ntust be paid to the student side of the

story.

Recently when the SUNY Board of 'l'rttstctw tin-it lo
ttsttrp power from tltc Student Associations oi tin wl .\\‘
schools by making a separate adtttinistt'atitcl} mn'tollnl
athletic fee. SASU, as well as Student Association t. lll\\
the state, jumped on the issue. Within one week “‘ttltllh

frotn across the state were educated about the one .nnl
tltc trustee meeting for that debate was pattt it with
students. Without a student union, the Tl'ttslt't's .muhl
ltavc slipped that one by us, and more of the St \\ tllls‘
sion would have been lost; instead the student sttlt- \\;ls
brought forward, and the Trustees voted duo u the
proposition.

In October of 1970, student government leaders lllL'l in
Albany for the first business session of the newly ltIllllt'd
Student Association of the State University of New York.
Two years later SASU was established as a statcuidt‘
representative organization, the current delegate s}\lt.‘lll
was set up. first officers were elected, and a cettltal office
in downtown Albany was opened. Twelve years later. the
reality of what SASU has achieved far exceeds the \isitttls
of the fottnding student leaders.

The SUNY mission to provide a low-cost high quality
education, with equality in access, has survived the at~
tacks of many legislators and Administrators. SASU \\lll
continue to fight to preserve this system. and its sttt\t\‘ttl
depends on the activism of the entire student population
of NY State.

 

.~._.—\....... .

 

 

 

 

 

and lha‘l gou‘ll be forced

l'o
$6!
K) E E
' cqu }

 

 

 

 

£0

 

 a ‘a-atﬁﬂéif“g}g§é$g: _,-

1' I’m so”, lhalgour
. m S‘l‘udeni Aid has been out,“

we can pla ceJ,.-'tjou

in The Privq‘l’é! sec‘lbr...

  

drop ou'l'... Maybe

 

5d is V)’
C o ns'lrucl'i on ./

 

 

  
 

  

    

November 16, 1984

set

What Makes
‘ A Movie
A Blockbuster?

 
      
  

w» —

~ 1475...”... . ..

‘

.yx~"""
.a- .
/

 

Also:

The Talisman,a new book
by Stephen King
and Peter Straub

 
   
   
 
 

 
 

Lady,a new album by
One Way

 
  
 

  

XTC's
The Big Express

 
    
  

and

‘ Hanoi Rocks
latest LP

 

 

 

 

 

 

