 

:v—mm~n..ww.x~ ~..

   

 

- by David L. L. Laskin

I was firmly embedded in my lazy-boy,
contemplating a sheet of paper which, eXCep-
ting the heading “Dave's lnfemo,” was con-
spicuously blank. Sometimes a blank page
can be a Very aesthetic thing-it’s clean and
neat, yet anticipating a smothering rush of
print.

Not this one. This particular page glared up

' at me in a defiant, complete emptiness which

seemed to possess a life-force of its very own.
Each line became a searing indictment of my
inability to fill it. And every second I-spent

. agonizing over the paper I should have been

writing fueled this potent, threatening emp-
tiness. "Who are you," the page seemed to
taunt, "to judge over good and evil, sin and
punishment? You’re no genius, no visionary,
the ideals of perfect right and wrong are light-
years beyond your Lilliputian horizon. You
are ultimately a pompous sinner like any
human, and your ideas are nothing but
pretentious, insipid drivel which will fall to
pieces at even the slightest encounter with
reality. Give it up! Fehl”

Wracked with despair, I could sense the en-
tire matrix of my moral-intellectual potential
collapsing, and spiraling downwards into an
abyss of radical worthlessness. More pro-
saically, I needed a beer. The closer I
scrutinized my attempts at constructing a
critical personalization of Dante’s lnfemo, the
more my constructions seemed to weaken
and give way to self-doubt and ultimate, in-
soluble ambiguity. ls it at all possible to
establish objective criteria for the categoriza-
tion of sin and punishment? Or even to assert
principles which would govern the function-
ing of such a structured ethical system?
Which human actions are movements
towards "goodness," and which draw us
towards "evil?" It seemed that with this sort
of thing one had to start at the root, the most
radically fundamental level, of human reality
that could be imagined. If I couldn’t answer
any questions within my own hell, how
could I confront them in Dante’s?

I was lost in the terror of my own frustra-
tion. It seemed as if the only answer could be
no answer at all. My vision returned from its
contemplative oblivion to focus upon the de-
fiant page before me, and, in a rush of sinister
hopefulness, my pen offered this
challenge-“No Answer!" I believed I was on
the right track, but as I set myself to the task
of following it, there arose from the paper a
vortex of shape and color which, growing
before me, became manifest in the form of
my professor, Tom Smith, thrashing in front
of my eyes a sheaf of paper. Seared in blazing
red upon the cover, next to my typewritten
name, was a large, bright-red “F.”

Oops.

All efforts to return to the paper were
thwarted by this horrific vision. Even if "no
answer” was no answer, I believed I had
found the most realistic starting point, an area
from which I could develop my ethical thesis
(and get the paper completed before
Thanksgiving). It appeared that I would be
blocked-off from my back-door approach
through Dante’s Inferno, regardless of its
validity. The empty page was triumphant. I
was without hope. ‘

Placing the paper on the table beside me, l
wheeled the recliner around to face the wall,
retreating into my former state of brooding.
Had I strayed so far from the meaningful
ground of human existence that I could no
longer see my way through it?

"Don’t be ridiculous,” claimed a terse voice
behind me. I could see the shadow of what
appeared to be a human being looming

“beside, the .chair. Being in .no .hurry. to

 

discover the soUrce of this projection I held
my position and queried, "Oh?" I figured I’d
put the ball in his park.

“The answers can be found only within
yourself,” he replied. "Case in point: David
LL. Laskin. The solution you seek is not ’no
answer,’ yet it cannot be determined simply
by stuffing empty pages with words. Dante
escaped despair by witnessing a remarkable
inner journey and discovering his own solu-
tion. Very shortly, Mr. Laskin will retrace
Dante’s footsteps. . .in the Twilight Zone.”

The voice sounded so familiar that it could
only be a practical joke. Just one of my
housemates harassing me for procrastinating.
Spinning myself out of the corner, 1 chuckled,
and sighed, "Give me a break, will ya?"

Oops again. It was no mischievious
housmate who stood waiting for me, and that
lecture had been no practical joke. Waves of
fear gripped my paralyzed body with such
fierce intensity that I felt on the verge of

spontaneous combustion. Several inches
beyond my outstretched leg rest, stark and
lipless, stood the master himself — Rod
Serlingt

As much as a man with no upper lip and
eyebrows the size of a small knockwurst can,
he smiled reassuringly. "Look, you need so-
meone to guide you through a personal ap-
propriation of Dante’s Inferno in order to
write this paper, right? You need someone
who is familiar to both your own personality
and to the spiritual values you are trying to
actualize. Got any better candidates? Good,
let’s got”

Having been rationally short-circuited at
the instant this encounter began, I was
defenseless (besides, what he said made a
good deal of sense), and I followed Rod out
of my apartment and into the quiet early
morning darkness. l made a mental note that
the Capital District Psychiatric Center was
merely a short block away.

“There they are,"»he pointed. I could make
out the figures of Dante and Virgil in the
distance travelling side by side through the

dim woods (away from the psychiatric center, -
too. damn the luck). “Come on,” Rod urged, .

.. \ ‘
" I , .. it

:.‘.‘!.‘.’!“., .1, .' '

 

NFER o A

   

What kind of evil deserves eternal punishment?

passing into the realm of the opportunists and
neutrals, who wcrv condemned to endlessly
chase little blue banners through piles of
sludge and shit. Tlit‘y didn’t have to, though,-
they could just sit around in it. Dante ob-
VlOUSl)’ this to be a fair finale for these folks, a
reasonable punishment for avoiding moral
decisions in litc, but I could not accept his
condemnation so nudity. "It seems to me,” I
remarked to m\' guide, “that there is
something of the opportunist in all of us, and
that there is much more to these people than
this fate merits, How can one’s character be
characterized so singularly? There are times
when I’ve been about as much of a nebbish as
possible, yet could l honestly label myself
‘opportunist' and leave it at that? And why
should these people suffer from only this par-
ticular sin -v-— shouldn’t they account for all
the 'good’ and ‘cvil’ in their lives? It seems
that if Dante Wcrc true to his law of retribu-
tion he could not discount what lies outside
the periphery of this one sin."

I caught myself on the brink of a
philosophical tirade, The presence of the
great poct himself barely an arm’s length
away served as a reminder that I was, after all,
passing through one of the great works of
literature (not to mention it was his) and that I
could stand to be a tad less pompous. At least,
being an outsider to the poem, none of the
characters within it were able to hear me, so
no offense could be transmitted. I did feel a

 

Several inches beyond my outstretched leg rest,

stark and lipless, sto'od the Master himself ——
Rod Serling!

“Look, you need someone to guide you- through

Dante’s Inferno. Got any better candidates?”

 

 

“let's catch up with them."
We followed close behind the two poets,
abandoning all hopes at the Gate of Hell, and

. r v

bit guilty, though, tori, possibly transgressing
on my privileges. j
Rod read me like a book. “You were

assigned to make your own Hell within the
context of Dante's Inferno, right? Don’t be
afraid to discover something radically dif-
ferent within that context. What Dante
created was true to his own creativity —
what you find must be equally true to yours.
We better get moving before Charon shoves
off without us.” .

As we climbed aboard the infamous barge
to cross the river Styx, I discovered that

inner vision are all woven into the fabric of
an individual ‘soul’, and that in knowing, will-
ing and acting, one draws upon many, if not
all, of these elements. To distill reason into a
solitary, objective value ignores the
mysterious, organic dynamism of reality.
Some of the stuff these Greek thinkers pro-
duced was little more than mental masturba-
tion. The truly virtuous should be those who
are ‘good' without the rational justification,

“I hate to be pushy but, well, I’ve got a lot of
problems with this whole limbo scene.”

 

visitors within a literary work have no
substance whatever. I tried not to let it
depress me. Rod and I stood by as Dante paid
his tribute and shared his sympathies with the
great virtuous thinkers of the pre-Christian
era.

"I hate to be pushy, but. . .

“Dante was only human, and so are you.
It’s not as if you are sitting in judgement of
him — you’re just trying to find your own
way. He can take it."

"Well, I’ve got a couple of problems with
this limbo scene. First, I refuse to believe that
even a Christian god could be so nitpicky and
inhumane as to allow thousands of years of
virtuous conduct to be imprisoned here
because of a calendrical discrepancy. So they
lived and died before the alleged Son of God
was born, so what? I mean, regardless of the
existence of a particular god, the comings and
goings of the Messiah, etc., all we can really
act upon is the human condition within the
context of reality-as-we-know-it.

“Second is the way in which he deals with
reason. Reason becomes the positive
manifestation of the intellect, which is the
source of all sin and virtue. I'm very skeptical
of his readiness to turn the ambivalent shif-
ting ground of human existence into absolute
dualisms. It just seems to me that elements of
intellect, emotion, memory, personality and

 

 

._ " --~a-w.mw..-

who live revelation without having to in-
dulge in a fabricated idol of reason. Of
course, there are in reality, no answers here,
no simplistic structures or criteria for deter-
minate objective values. The highest value of
reason is probably to reveal the severe limita-
tions of the knowing consciousness. Yet
Dante seems to be movmg towards
establishing a very determinate and objective
ground for all human action and experience.
He is taking a direction I can not at all agree
with."

"Speaking of which,” Rod inserted, "We
better get going or we’ll lose him.” We hur-
ried after the poets who were already ap-
proaching the dark and cacophanous edge of
the second circle.

“Oh, one more thing," I continued as we
left the unfortunate pagans behind, "did you
see the way he treated Aristotle? Sitting ’on
high. . . ringed by the great souls of
philosophy.’ Give me a break] If any of that
gang should be singled as virtuous and
enlightened it should certainly be Socrates.
He knew enough to seek, not the answers to
life’s questions, but the questions that would
aid us in appropriating what we can not
know. Aristotle was a glorified naturalist who
figured that if he could objectively categorize
the empirical world (which he did not do ex-
ceptionally well), he could do the same to the
metaphysical. The greatest, most fundamen-
tal, weakness in Western thinking can be trac-
ed back to this master of those who know.
Western civilization is mired in the notion
that through rational objectivity we can not
only arrive at definite knowledge of reality,
but can transcend and control it. It took
around 2000 years for us to begin breaking
— at least intellectually —— the contrived,
delusory structural yoke of Aristotle’s
philosophical system. Dante seems sadly
mired in this tradition, which became
manifest in the epic sitting of Thomas
Aquinas, and the unfortunate success of the
Church. I would not deny the extraordinary
greatness of any of these men, yet I believe
they led us astray, and closed us off for much
of our existential condition, enhancing us
materially but depriving us spiritually."

"Well, I'm glad I came along to explain
things to you.”

I felt terrible. Instead of remaining silent
and open to this experience, I'd been shooting
my mouth off. Yet this is what I felt I had to
do — to deconstruct Dante’s idea of Hell so
that I might discover my own. But I did feel
sorry for Rod.

“Look, Rod, most of what I’ve been saying
would never have been possible without you.
Have you any idea how many hundreds of
nights I made sure to be in front of the televi-
sion to hear your opening monologue? The
Zone provoked me into thinking, question-
ing, appreciating, and learning what I could
from the human experience. You .kept my

mind open. You helped me to affirm the
qualities I value most — honesty, kindness,
decency, humility, playfulnees, wonder. . .
At a time when television seemed the most
real thing to me, it was through the Zone that
l was able to maintain a hold on those
positive values within me.”

He knew I meant it all earnestly, and he
was quite moved.

We descended behind Dante and Virgil in-
to the second circle. One thing I would
definitely not argue against was Dante's im-
agination —’ he had whipped up a pretty wild
scene here, and this was barely the tip of the
iceberg. Throngs of condemned spirits
crowded around Minos, whose malicious
delight was truly devilish as he wrapped his
gruesome tail around each one, knowing the
horrors which awaited it. I was so struck by
the vivid imagery of this performance that I
almost lost interest in the true purpose of my
visit.

“50, this is where all the condemned souls
receive judgement," my guide remarked,
speaking in such an excessively casual tone
that you’d think he was shootin' the breeze
outside the general store on a lazy Sunday
afternoon. "Procrastinaters, prideful, and
such."

I took the hint.

I turned away from the infernal scene and
headed back towards the ledge. “I’ve got a
paper to write.”

"Don't you even want to see the rest?"

"Sure I do, but this paper‘s going to be late
as it is, and l’ve seen all I need to. It wouldn’t
be fair to overstay my welcome.”

We continued back through the plain of
the virtuous pagans.

"If there is one thing I believe absolutely it
is that human beings can neither receive nor
give judgement. judgement presupposes a
great deal of transCendent certainty, and I
don't believe that human existence warrants
that kind of objectification. To judge so-
meone you must know everything about that
person, and then you must be able to apply it
to a total, cosmic, objective, moral structure.
It seems more than a jot arrogant to assume
the existence of a system such as this. There is
an element of the unknowable in everything
human. The only way to judge a person is to
close yourself off from these elements of in-
security, mystery, and dynamic creative
potential.”

We passed through the threatening gate. It
felt good to regain my abandoned hope.

"If you continually strive to objectify the
mysteries of being, you will ultimately steal
all the joy and wonder out of being human.
To Inc, the idea of judgement betrays this
fundamental ground of human existence. We
are involved in a process of continual, spon-
taneous self-creation. This cannot be accoun-
table to any divine judgement, but only to
ourselves. We can not shift the burden of ac-
counting for ourselves on to the metaphorical
shoulders of another. Our Heaven and our
Hell are all embodied in the purgatory of this
world. The metaphysics of punishment and
reward, suffering and bliss, operate out of the
material of our everyday lives. We must take
responsibilityl"

We walked in silence up the steps and into
the apartment. I regained possassion of my
pen and paper, sank into the lazy boy, and
wheeled it around to face the corner of the
room.

“So you found your place in Dante’s Hell?"
Rod inquired rhetorically.

“Here and now,” I answered, crossing out
the words “No Answer." - - v . - r »

 

