 
 

i
i
l
r
i

 

 

8 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl TUESDAY, DECEMBER H, 1984

MBA surplus seen as lessening degree ’5 value

Durham, N.C.
(CPS) The worth of a masters in business
administration degree may be evaporating.

Students now working toward an MBA
may not get the kinds of jobs they want
when they graduate, and some of the col-
leges that are granting them the MBAs
may be heading for a big fall, the dean of a
major business school wamed.

A changing business climate and a gluts
of MBA candidates are the reasons, said
Thomas Keller, dean of Duke University's
Fuqua Business School.

“The business community is changing
its attitudes about the kinds of jobs for
MBAs." Keller said. The masters degrees,
of course. generally are viewed as good
tickets to high-paying, responsible jobs.
“There's a reduced demand for MBAs and
companies are recruiting at fewer
schools."

In past years, he added, many top cor-
porations recruited at up to 50 schools
each year. Now, the same companies may
visit only eight or ten strong MBA
campuses.

“Certain programs don‘t get recruited
at all." Keller noted. “Only strong schools
do. As this continues. opportunities for
students will begin to decline."

“Employers are becoming more selec-
tive about the schools they recruit from,"
agreed Charles Hickman of the American
Assembly of Collegiate Schools of
Business. "They depend on successful past
recruitments and schools that can prove
they have a good MBA program." Fre-
quently. he added these are the some
schools.

"Those who can't pro\e their grads are
superior to or at least as good as the
leading schools don't get recruited."

happyholidayshappyk

Hickman stresses.

And, as unrecruited students scramble
for less-desirable positions, their schools
become “a bad word that's passed on,"
Keller said.

The “shakeout of business schools" will
weed out programs created when MBA de-
mand began to skyrocket nationwide from
6000 grads in the sixties to a current 55.000
to 60.000 yearly. Some of the "marginal
departments already are trying to head off
enrollment slumps.

“if there‘s a fallout of MBA programs,
it‘s the schools with no strong programs
that will be affected first," Hickman con-
tended. “And they’re often the ones
without state support or a substantial
endowment."

"Substantial enrollment declines will af-
fect total revenues for some schools and
make it hard to maintain economic viabili-
ty.“ Keloler pointed out.“Some univer-
sities use large business school enrollment
to generate their budgets." Business
schools provide as much as 25 percent of a
college's revenue. one reason 600 schools
now offer MBA programs.

But the biggest effect is on students
themselves. Keller stressed "historical
hirers are still hiring MBAs.“ but fewer
companies offer the lucrative mid-
management positions business students
anticipate.

instead. talented grads often get
operating. human resource and line
management positions. “The standard
criticism is that MBAs are arrogant. wan-
ting staff instead of line jobs,“ Hickman
commented.

Nevertheless, an MBA still offers the
best chance for corporate success, Keller

".0..." “r

 

maintained.

“An MBA from a respected school is
still very valuable," he said. “Most com-
panies say ‘Don’t use us as a training
ground.‘ They're not so inclined anymore
to hire 8A5 and train them for two years.”

“Despite the ebb and flow of demand
an MBA will always be a ticket to mid- and
upper-management positions," Hickman
agreed. “i expect that to continue but not
necessarily for everyone who has an

' MBA."

SUNYA program viewed safe in glut

By David Wertheim

Within the business department of SUNYA, One ﬁnds both concern over the nation.
wide glut of MBA’s. and applause for the graduate programs available here.

According to Nancy Bord, assistant dean of the business school, students may be ex.
pecting too much from the program. However, Donald Hester, director of graduate

academic services, offers a different view.

hester said. "Grads do not have grandiose expectations. They should expect to get a
good job." in fact. a survey of last years MBA graduates indicates that many are receiv.
ing multiple job offers and when they receive jobs, they accompany starting salaries 0n

the average of $27,000.

The Albany MBA program ranks at the top of the second tier of programs, according
to both Hester and Bord. Schools in the first tier include Harvard and Wharton, “our
MiS(Management information Sciences) degree is second to none. and so is our finance

degree," according to Hester.

in terms ofthe widely discussed glut of the job market by MBA‘s, the problem is not
of concern to Hester. “Graduates from large part-time programs may have problems.
But not us. Our graduates are getting three and four job offers. Our students are well

prepared."

Bord pointed to the mass of MBA‘s as creating an Overflow in the system. Taking a
systematic stance, Hester emphasized the cyclical nature of the American education
order. “in the free market. a program can grow as much as 20 percent in one year It is
highly elastic. The marginal schools will be needed out. in the next decade, \sc‘ oil we a
reversal of the trend to the point of shortage. A good MBA is always needed.“

Pointing to the future, Hester said he is concerned with keeoing up uith ruptd
technology. Next semester, :1 micro-computer lab will be installed at SUNYA.

Bord said she believes that students should work for at least three years before going
into an MBA program. She points to the fact that this is required at some schwis. .ind

would give the student experience.

Hester disagreed, stating that work experience is not necessary here. “Our pingzim is
geared towards the liberal arts. We have a field project. Our grads are l‘iL‘lldf’c'ti. .h
evidenced by positive feedback from several Fortune 500 company rccruitcr~."

Survey statistics indicate that Albany is surviving any glut. quite well uith w ;~.:.cnl

ofSUNYA's graduates placed by July ist.

 

 

from the ASP

 

 

olidayshappyho/idays

 

 

 
  

 

RENEE SEIGEL PRODUCTIONS

Proudly Present

 

$1.00 Buds
$1.00 Bar Liquor
Till 11 PM

Buffalo Style

 

Drink Specials:

 

“Chicken Wings“

Christmas - New Year’s Party
for the Students of:

S.U.N.Y.
ALBANY

at the

Wednesday 0 January 0 2, 1985

 

 

 

 

 

Live Music With:
SPECTRUM

  

 

 

 

 

5 160427-2660 - l 10 New York Ave. - Huntington oLong Island 0 l 1743

Free Admission
with:
Albany
ID.

All Nite

’ amuu‘m‘wW**wtii‘m¥Av—ii 21“); ﬂue-s.» 4 i-nr-r..- - we;va Am‘sn .ﬂ. "aunt MWW‘ ‘

TUESDAY, DECEMBER It, 1934 ‘13 straw STUDENT ﬁnish :9 ' '

 

Profs win $50,000 USIA award 5
to advise Yugoslavian business

By Pam Schusterman
STAFF WRITER

Doctors don't make house calls
anymore. but when Yugoslavian
officials decided their country’s
economy was ailing they sought
advice from several SUNYA pro-
fessors, who are more than will-
ing to travel to the Eastern Euro—
pean country.

A $50,000 grant sponsored by
the United States Information
Association (USIA) will all w an
exchange between SUNYA and
Yugoslavia’s University of
Belgrade in June 1985.

The exchange, titled “Seminar
on Management", includes about
ten SUNYA faculty members
from a wide range of fields.

According to Richard Norclli,
an assistant to the vice President
for Research, “This seminar is
quite a dramatic event in a
socialist society.”

Erik Hoffmann, SUNYA
political science professor and of
the grant committee said,
“Yugoslavia is particularly in-
teresting to work with now
because they are experiencing
what they themselves term an
economic crisis.”

“Yugoslavian people have
always been very reﬂective on
government," said Hoffmann,
“they are strongly independent
and not looking to depend on
either the United States or the
Soviet Union; but they recognize
that they can learn from us and
are thrilled to be working with the
University." He added,
“Yugoslavia is either the least
highly developed country or the
most developed underdeveloped

During the seminar, hundreds
of small business managers will
gather to take advantage of the
expertise offered by the SUNYA
professors on business manage-
ment techniques, said Norelli.

“The Yugoslavians are also in~
terested in increasing foreign
trade. world affairs, and tourist
attractions." said Hoffmann.

The Yugoslavians are seeking
to improve their country‘s
economic status and, Hoffmann
added, feel they can learn from
American professors.

“However. this is not a one sid-
ed vcnture," Hoffmann em-
phasized, “but a natural relation-
ship with much to gain for both
parties involved.”

“Our seriousness in this project
is displayed by the fact that
SUNYA President Vincent
O’Leary is right now on a three
month Fullbright grant" and is
living and studying in Yugoslavia,
Hoffmann said. “What better
way to show commitment and
seriousness than sending the
President of the University there
to do work?" he added.

Also involved with the project
is Vice President John
Schumacher, who according to
Hoffmann. has “been very active
for the last four years building up
ties with the Yugoslavians."

Students will gain from the ex—
change as well, Hoffmann said.
“Teachers travelling to foreign
places benefits students directly.
Research and everyday living
enriches the teaching profession
and is directly communicated to
the student," he explained, ad—
ding, “no other university in the
country has as good ties with

 

No Tumdowns...tto hassles
We will cater to your needs.
low cost auto 0 Motorcycle
Insurance
Yugoslavia and the. University of
Belgrade as SUNYA, and we are "
just beginning." lo 8. Scott Insurance
“The University of Belgrade "y 102° can". .'.".n‘y

has many distinguished scholars,
writers and painteis that we are
having the opportunity to be ex-
posed to their type of education is
also a new experience for us." he
said.

Ties with the University have (.89 1‘05
also brought several prestigious
Belgrade faculty members to
Albany and will continue to do so
in the future, he said.

According to Hoffmann, a
former Yugoslavian ambassador
to North Vietnam spoke on cam-
pus in the mid-l970's and the
President of the Constitutional
Court of Serbia spoke last year.

There is currently a Yugosla-
vian scholar here at SUNYA on a
Fullbright scholarship who has
been teaching Serbo-Croatian for
the last three years, as well. he
said. “These lectures enhance and
provide beautiful opportunities
for students to learn directly from
the source," Hoffmann stressed.

“Another plus with our ties is
that a lot of their professors are
directly active in their government
and some hold very prestigious
positions,” Hoffmann said.

in addition to majors and staff
already involved in the exchange
programs, faculty from the Social
Sciences, Earth Sciences, and
Fine Arts are involved as well, SIUDENISWHHm L r
Homnann sald- I0 PERCENT otscodNr WITH ~ .,

Opportunities to become in- SELECTED srvusrs \_
volved in doing research for this ‘

grant are still available according  
to Hoffmann. “There is nothing 

to lose and everything to gain by
".1 Stoke St.,NY, IZZOT

(opposite Bob ti Ron's Fish Fry)

New locotion.more convenient to
Sunyo Campus.
Fri.9-Sprn

 

 

 

 
 

A'I' Hair * "
Mademoiselle eombai'o I
for lmproulvo nay

Jun-Poul Comoros '
their favorites.

 
  
     
     
  

Albany. NY. _.
sm- dampen-«o-
suranca and confidence ‘
what you're giv My u
about getting 'I it. out:
customer experiment ithyi
cut a single strand,“ 0W , I ,
Claude Slmlllo. who provides cheri-
tele — irom studentoto proton, . »
with the newegt  gtle

 

  

 

 

 

country in the third world.,"

News Updates

Gralla elected E-l-C

Heidi Jo Gralla was elected Albany Student
Press editor-in-chief for I985 Sunday night at a
meeting of the ASP editorial board. She is cur-
rently News Editor of the paper.

Gralla, who won unanimously in a voice vote,
ran against 1984 Heisman trophy winner Doug
Flutie. Flutic, quarterback for the Boston Col-
lege Eagles, did not attend the vote.

The new editor-in-chief is the first female
elected to the position since 1974. She began her
career at the ASP as reporter in October, 1982.
and served in the posts of Wire Services and
Events Editor and Associate News Editor before
becoming News Editor in spring, 1984.

Changing your address?

Off-campus students who have to inform the
university of an address change can now do so at
the Registrar’s Public Service Counter located in
Administration B-5. Before November 15, the
only place to register the change was in the Office
of Residential Life on State Quad.

According to University Registrar Thomas
O'Brien, his office decided to add this service
because off-campus students tend to be in there
for other needs and it would make things easier
for them. “We're convenient,” he said, “and
we‘re here.”

O‘Brien added that his office has received
more change of address forms that the Office of
Residential Life. “The incentive isn’t there to go
to State Quad;" he concluded.

Jukebox installed in Rat

The Rathskellar has a new jukebox due to re-
quests from students for typically top 40 music,
said director of cash sales, Les Hynes.

“The Rat had a jukebox before it was
remodeled and a new sound system was install-

having close ties with another na-
-(5|8) “3-“91- Free Parking

 

  

 

ed.” said Hyncs. “We are now investigating ty-
ing the jukebox into the sound system so that
when the jukebox plays it will not interfere with
the tape that is playing.”

“We're looking at our entire entertainment
schedule for next semester," said Hynes. “Now
that live entertainment is more costly, some op-
tions that we are considering are video entertain-
mcnt, more radio station nights and just a better
mix of entertainment," said Hynes.

New courses offered

The Department of African and Afro-
Amcrican Studies will offer three new courses
next semester which are, according to Dr. Vivian
Gordon, “timely” and of interest to a range of
students in the University and the general
community.

The new course offerings include “Contem-
porary Issues in Africa," “The impact of Apar-
theid on South African Culture," and “The Law
and Afro-America.” New areas of study will also
be offered in the fall, said Gordon, adding that
they will include “Sociology of the Black Ex-
pcrimcc," “The African-American Woman:
Continuity and Change,” “Patterns of Afro-
American Family Life." and “Black

‘ Psychology.”

Frat forming in Herkimer

Kappa Sigma Alpha is the newest fraternity to
come to SUNYA with forty-three current
members and Glenn Giordano serving as Presi-
dent and Founder.

Kappa Sigma Alpha. recognized by SA, is a
social fraternity that will start pledging for new
members this spring.

Secretary of Kappa Sigma Alpha John
Kritinoza said the fraternity is concerned about
school spirit and wishes to have a fraternity
house located at Herkimer Hall

Can you pick out
th MBM from the MBA’s?

I.  .- i ‘ Milli“?

  

By giving ourseli the advantage of a Masters of Brand Management. you're giving.
yourself .1 mm opportunity than an MBA to get ajob and quickly succeed at bull ing
a productive. lucrative career as a corporate product maria 'er or account executive.

if selected for admittance into the Masters of Bran. Management program. you'll
spend time in the classroom and spend time asasalaned Intent With a major national ,
company. Qualifying applicants may also be eligible for a $6.000 scholarship tn the form
of a tax ree stipend.

Discover the difference one do be can make. Use the coupon below to contact
us {or details today. Or call Professor red D. Reynolds at140l1)542-2123.

Professor Fred D. Reynolds
Brooks Hall

The Universit of Georgia
Athens,GA3 602

Please send me infumiation on the Masters of Brand Management Program.

Name
Address
School
1‘ ‘ ' Date

——_—_————_———_——_—____ .—

 

 

 

-——_._.___1
L—_————-_———l

 

