 

Women qualify for first time ever.

By Cathy Errlg
STAFF “Will If

it had to have been the longest wait of
their athletic careers.

Chris Vzirley had crossed the i'inish line.

twenty-one miruttcs and five seconds after
tlte gun had signaled the commencement
of the Ni AA Division 111 Eastern Central
Region Woman‘s Cross Country Competi-
tion, the final member of the team
representing Albany State to do so.

The fcntale Danes knew that they had
rttn extremely well; although they had been
beaten by nationally ranked lthaca Col-
lege, they had finished ahead of Cortland
and Piattsburgh and could just about con-
sider their goal of finishing second in the
competition, which would qualify them
for the Nationals, a reality.

However. one factor prohibited the feel—
ings of relief. pride and accomplishment to
prevail in the minds of the women. in-
stead, feelings of anxiety and uncertainty
prevailed.

This factor was a powerful team that
had not competed in last weekend’s
ECAC, a meet that had given Albany's
women valuable confidence and
momentum.

As Bette Dzamba recalled, “Everyone
forgot to look at Stony Brook."

And now all the women could do was
wait for the announcement of the ofﬁcial
results. an action that would not take place
until after the running of the men's race.

“it was awful; we were just left hanging
there," remember Lynn Jacobs. "We were
all so nervous. We didn‘t ﬁnd out at all the
way we had wanted to."

But the ofﬁcial results were well worth
waiting for. After an agonizing 45 minutes
had passed, it was finally announced that
Albany State had indeed placed second in
the meet and had qualiﬁed for the NCAA
Division Ill National Competition.

The overall results of the meet were:
ithaca. 23; Albany. 85; Plattsburgh and
Cortland, 118; Binghamton. l24;

Soldini smashes Albany

By Keith Marder
SPORTS EDITOR

Dave Soldini picked himself up off the
University Field turf and dragged his
weary body to the bench. He was huffing
and puffing with blood coming from the
sides of his mouth. Surrounded by team-

 

Danas'
quarter.

Fredonia, 141; Stony Brook. 147;
Rachester, 174; Hunter, 258; Vassar, 286;
NYU, 347; and Hartwick, Union,
Hamilton. Oswcgo, Genesco, RlT, Buf-
falo. and CCNY incomplete. ithaca's
Kathy Livingston took the top individual
honor with a time of 18:34 over the wet.
slow course.

Coach Ron White made no effort to
conceal his excitement and pride as he cx-
claimed, “They certainly deserve it, and i
am very. very proud. it was bound to hap-
pen; this tenm has that certain chemistry
that is the true key behind success in col-
legiate. athletics. You can do all the'
recruiting you want but if that special
'mix’ isn't there you're not going to have a
championship team. l've been saying all
season long that ‘the best is yet to come’
and this weekend it camel"

it came in the form of a solid second
place finish with all ﬁve of Albany's scor-
ing runners finishing within the top 25.
Karen Kurthy led the Danes with a time of
19:13.4. finishing in seventh overall. with
teammate Kim Pettichord right behind her
in eighth place with 19:15.1.

Jacobs was the next in for Albany,
crossing the ﬁnish line in 19:46.3 for a Zist
place finish. Close behind Jacobs were
Dzamba in 24th with 19:54.3 and Donna
Burnham in 25th with 19:58.2. The spread
between the ﬁrst and fifth runners, 43.8
seconds, is a new university record.

Rounding out Albany‘s competing team
were Rachel Brasiow, 38th place with
20:24.5, and Variey. whose time of21:05.9
put her in 52nd position.

Never should it be forgotten. however,
that the Albany State women‘s cross coun—
try team is not made up of only these seven
runners. The balance of the team. Sue
Golla, Kim Patch, Erma George, Lisa
Petras, Carla Docharty, Maura Mahon.
who has suffered from injuries for the en-‘
tire season. and especially Kitty Sullivan,
the team‘s “eighth runner", who has been

21>

mates, Equipment Manager Benny Sicgel
fought through the crowd and presented
him with the game ball. Soldini stood up
and went over to Tom Jacobs. the hulking
offensive captain. Soldini gained his com—
posure just long enough to say. “Jake. i
want you to take this," as he handed his

uartcrback Anthony Nozzi takes a handolf to Dave Soldini In the fourth
oldlnl broke the Dane alnglovsoason rushing record.

NOVEMBER 13, I984

 

TOM KACANDES xsé

Senior Ed McGlll led the harriers.w1‘t!h his seventh-place finish at the Regional

Qualifiers where the team took sacon .

Men second behind St. Lawrence

By Tom Kacandes
STAFF WRITER

in an impressive show of determination,
the Albany State men's cross-country team
dramatically outran the competition over
the last two miles of a very muddy course
to win a trip to the National Champion-

ships and finished second of the 19 teams .

competing in the NCAA New York
Regional Qualifiers held at Hamilton Col-
lege last Saturday.

Ranked fourth in the nation, St.
Lawrence just edged the 10th-ranked
Danes, scoring 58 points to Albany's 70.
Fredonia State, 105 points, also earned a
trip to the Nationals by winning the tight
battle for third place with the Rochester
institute of Technology. 116 points. and
the Univ. of Rochester, ﬁfth with 127

points.

During the ﬁrst two miles. the Dane at—
tack consisted entirely of front-runners Ed
McGill and [an Clements. as Fredonia’s
top four runners stayed up front. clustered
around McGiil, and threatening to upset
Albany’s repeat as the number one SUNY
team.

Said MeGili. “i didn't really see them
much. but i knew that they‘d gone out fast
to try to be in it." Clements put on a surge
in the third mile to move up into 18th place
and McGiil moved from 10th to eighth,
but at the four-mile mark, Fredonia was in
ﬁrst. St. Lawrence second. and Albany a
distant fourth.

“Well, you bet 1 was just a little worried
then," Head Coach Bob Munsey recall-

21>

season rushing record

teammate the game ball.

On Saturday, Soldini rushed for 162
yards which gaye him 1,017 yards for the
season and a new Albany record. He broke
Tom DeBlois' old record of 1,009 yards
which was set in 1975.

The most amazing factor to Soldini set-
ting the record was that his last 45 yards
came without help from Jacobs who was
thrown out of the game with 13:45 left.

After an extra point six Marist players
pounced on John Sawchuck. Jacobs then
picked one of them up and threw him off
of his teammate.

“John wasn't even near the play." said
Jacobs. “and six of their guys jumped on
him. i just took one of them off of John
and threw him off."

Jacobs. in both Soldini's and Head
Coach Bob Ford’s words is. “the best of-
fensive lineman ever to play at Albany."

But, back to Soldini. The fact of the
matter is that Soldini almost never got a
chance to break the record.

With only 36 yards in the first half and
119 more needed to break the record. both
running back coach Chuck Prime and
Ford pondered taking Soldini out.

"it was close to the end of the third
quarter. he only had 45 yards and we
wanted to give a couple of our other kids
time," said Priore.

“But then he broke that 34-yarder." ad-
ded Priore. “And that brought his total up

to about 95 yards. then all of a sudden we
knew he had a shot."

“At halftime i thought the record was
out of reach,” said Soldini. “i knew we’d
be winning the game and they‘d probably
take me out. At the half 1 was really worry-
ing about finishing up on a good note. i
have to admit it looked pretty bleak until
that 34-yarder; that rejuvenated my
hopes." ~

That 34-yarder came with about four
tninutes left in the third quarter and it real—
ly got Soldini rolling.

On the Danes' next drive Soldini got 25
out of the Danes' 54 yards which led to an
Anthony Nozzi one-yard touchdown run.

Then Jacobs got thrown out of the game
and Soldini had to do the finishing touches
without the Danes' best offensive lineman
ever. But he responded by running through
Marist’s defense after his first drive
without Jake.

On that first drive, all Soldini could
manage was one run for a three-yard loss.

Then Dane linebacker Mike Buchmeicr
intercepted a pass on the Marist 23. Soldini
then gained seven yards on two carries
before Nozzi ran the ball in for a 16-yard
touchdown.

With 6:13 left in the game Marist took
possession on their own 30 when Albany‘s
kicker Charlie Giknis boomed his kickoff
out of the end zone.

20»

.PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

 

JANE ANDERSON ASP

Students voting for fee referendum at SUNY Buffalo; inset: Buffalo SA President Jane McAlevey

Voluntary fee was defeated 4 to l despite efforts of conservative coalition

Conservatives fail to get SA fee axed

By Jane Anderson
L‘UNI'RIIJUTING EDITOR
Buffalo, NY

SUNY-Bu ffalo students voted overwhelmingly to keep
their activity fee mandatory Thursday despite a strong
push by a conservative coalition working to make the fee
voluntary.

The coalition sought a voluntary fee in an effort to end
funding to certain so-called “liberal” groups.

The threat to make the fee voluntary was great enough.
however, to prompt eight SUNYA Student Association
members to travel to Buffalo Wednesday to fight for the
mandatory fee.

Buffalo students voted 3.038 to 704 in favor of a man-
datory fee. and 2,273 to 1,628 in favor of increasing their
fee to $89 a year. Students at Buffalo currently pay $79 a
year.

Students voted to keep‘ the fee mandatory by a 4 to 1
margin. .

SUNY Board of Trustee guidelines state that at least
once every four years. each campus must hold a referen-
dum on whether or not to keep the Student Activity Fee
mandatory.

Buffalo Student Association President Jane McAlevey
claimed that the school had been one of many “targeted”
schools across the country where selected groups are
funded to promote conservatism among college students.

These groups are also expected to work to stop the fun-
ding of so-called “liberal” groups such as Public interest
Research Groups (PiRGs) and Student Associations.
McAlevey said.

This year. a conservative coalition, made up of a right-
wing newspaper called The University Balance, the Buf-

16>

 

By llene Welnsteln
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Two armed attackers forced their way into a
SUNYA student's dorm room on State Quad Tuesday
night, robbing him of $700. according to University
Police reports.

SUNYA’s Department of Public Safety is working in
cooperation with the Albany police force to investigate
the robbery, said Public Safety Director James R.
Williams.

The robbery, which occurred in Tappan Hall was
allegedly committed by two black males wearing ski
jackets and carrying pistols.

According to David Marsh, one of the two students
present at the robbery. he and his suitemate Chris
Schanker. heard a knock at their suite door at 10:45
p.m. “Chirs opened the door and two guns were star-
ing him in the face,” Marsh said.

One of the attackers pushed him to the floor, Marsh
said, and held a gun to his head while the other attacker
"dragged Schanker to his room where his $700 was in
an open drawer. “The money was in clear view."
Schanker said.

The thieves were in the suite for approximately a
minute and a half he added.

Schanker and Marsh notified University police ap-
proximately 15 minutes after the attackers left. “The
told us not to move until they were gone and then they
just disappeared,” said Marsh.

Marsh said he believes the robbery was a planned at-
tack. "i don't think they would just come into the
room if they didn't know there was money." said
Marsh. He added that people “come in to the suite all
the time and anyone could have told their friends about
the money."

 

According to Williams. the robbery did not appear

Student loses $700 to armed robbers

to be random. He would not comment. however. if he
thought the theft was drug-related.

Schanker asserted, "i was more shocked than
anyone else."

“i didn't think i had to worry about armed robbery
on a state campus," he added.

Schanker said he won the $700 at the Monticello
racetrack over the summer. When asked why he had
kept the money in his room, Schanker said that it was
for “personal expenses."

University police are operating under the assumption
that the thieves were not students, explained Williams.
“Most students don't have access to even realistic toy
guns," he said, adding that all four of the department's
investigators are working on the case.

Most campus robberies do not involve handguns,
but rather “strongarm threats. Only a couple of times a
year does a robbery involve handguns,” said Williams.
adding that five other campus robberies have been
reported this year.

There are conflicting descriptions of the attackers.
Williams reported that one of the attackers was about
5'6" tall and masked and the other, he said. was about
5'10” tall'and also masked.

Marsh described both attackers as being over six feet
tall and over 200 pounds. They were not masked. he
said. but had “the hoods of their ski jackets pulled
tightly over their heads" which made only their eyes

visible. he said, adding that he got the impression they
were older than most students. '

There were no witnesses other than Schanker and
Marsh and there are no suspects in the case yet.
Williams reported. He urged anyone with information
to please contact the Department of Public Safety at
457-8204. D

 

 

 

‘Fﬁday.
November 16, 1984 .

NUMBER 39

SA leaders predict no
conservative anti-fee
campaign at SUN YA

Although conservative groups at SUNY-Buffalo suc-
ceeded in alarming student government officials
statewide. student leaders at Albany say they do not an-
ticipate a similar threat to this campus' mandatory activi-
ty fee.

SUNYA students will vote next year on whether to keep
the activities fee, which funds many diverse campus
groups. mandatory at this school.

This week, a coalition of conservative groups at SUNY-
Buffalo lost a battle to make Buffalo's mandatory activi-
ty fee, which was tip for a vote. voluntary.

While losing the actual vote, the conservative coalition
at Buffalo did manage to scare student leaders at SUNY
schools statewide. including SUNYA's Stttdent Associa-
tion officials. some of whom went to Buffalo this week to
hpr lobby voters to keep the fee mandatory.

"The SUNYA campus is a lot more liberal than Buf-
i'alo." said Stttdcnt Action Chair Steve Gawlcy, adding
that majority student approval for a voluntary fee "really
couldn‘t happen here."

The last time SUNYA students went to the polls to vote
on the l'ee. in Fall, 1983, 85 percent of those voting chose
to keep it mandatory. SUNYA students will pay $49.50 in
activity fee money, next semester.

Guidelines set by the SUNY Board of Trustees state
that every four years. each campus must hold a referen-
dum on whether or not to make the activity fee voluntary.
SUNYA has been holding the referendum every two
years.

The conservative leaders at Buffalo said their aim in
pushing for a voluntary fee was to de-fund what they call-
ed “politically biased groups," such as the Student
Association of the State University (SASU), media
organizations with liberal editorial policies and some
ethnic groups.

SUNYA's SA President Rich Schaffer said that the
Buffalo Student Association is more decentralized than
SUNYA’s SA, which made Buffalo a good school for
conservative groups to "target" for a voluntary fee.

Gawley contended. “Our (SUNYA's) SA is so much
more active" than Buffalo's that "we brought more peo—
pie to protest than they had" to work for the mandatory
fee on the Buffalo campus.

A former College Republican ofﬁcial at SUNYA said
he doesn‘t think the SA on this campus has anything to
worry about. “it (the mandatory fee referendum)
wouldn't have any trouble passing," on the SUNYA cam-
pus. said State Chairman of the New York College
Republicans David Ross, who until recently served as
Vice President of the SUNYA College Republicans.

SASU's Organizational Director Troy Oechsner
disagreed.

“it could happen here. (SUNY/U," he said, citing a re—
cent suddcn movement for a voluntary fee on the SUNY-
Binghamton campus as an example. The Binghamton
students voted to keep the fee mandatory.

SUNYA's SA officials said they will be taking steps to
increase the visibility of the mandatory activity fee’s
beneﬁts on campus.

Schaffer said that, after the winter break, he plans to
propose posting information on funded student groups
and activities in the dorms, to promote “high visibility"
of SA funded groups and events. and to show students
“what the activity fee can do for you."

“it’s in part a response" to the conservative activity at
SUNY-Buffalo, but also, “it’s our responsibility to do
something like that.” Schaffer explained.

Schaffer said that “in a couple of years. maybe"
enough support for a voluntary fee could be raised at
SUNYA. but stressed that he expected the student reac-
tion to go against l. esident Ronald Reagan by then. and
end conservative support.

Ross said that, although he. would prefer the fee be

, voluntary, the only group he would actively oppose fun-

. ding is the New York Public interest Research Group

. (NYPIRG), a campus consumer organization that
receives 33 per semester from every student. This fee is

' not included in the mandatory student activity fee, but is

, voted on separately every few years.

i “i’m not anti-student group," he said.

—Jane Anderson

 

 

 

