 

 

~._ war...“ s{»A,-...._...__‘.. , _

63 Aspects

 

 

XTC’s Expres

he Beatles hailed from England, so
does XTC. The Beatles Were pop
geniuses, so is XTC. Eventually the
Beatles stopped touring in order to writer
rather than just record albums, so has XTC.

Michael Eck

Swindan, England is a rail town and XTC
is their little train that could. In the past six
years the hand, led by Andy Partridge, has
relatively quietly released a string of
sparklineg brillian albums. Mass
populariety has never been a goal; heaven
knows what would happen to Partridge's
psyr he if millions of the admiring showed
up at his door (they ceased touring because
of his notorious onstage breakdowns). XTC
is one of those core bands that fly in the
fare of record company advisors and simp-
I) play their music their way  and get
away with it.

I heir latest effort The Big Express is the
culmination of their career. lt blends their
last three releases (Black Sea, lililrtlislr Settle-
nrml. and last year's i\'ltlliilliL‘I’) into a
unified whole that is at once satisfying and
challenging. Partridge dominates this
album. Fellow songwriter Colin Maulding.
possible the one man with a more enticing
pup sensitivity than Partridge, penned only
two of the eleven tracks. The album is rife,
as always, with very British sentiment and
imagery. Like Paul Welles, Partridge loves
his corrntry but hates what is happening to
it. "The Everydat Story of Smalltowns" like
most of The Big Express tempers the past
oral gentility of Mummer with the sharp-
ness of Black Sea. Smalltown is Partridge's
dark suburbia that plays bedfellow to
Weller's city in "Town called _Mabie." "l
bought myself a Liarbird" continues the
vicious music industry attack begun in last
yearts"Funk pop a roll.”

The pointless violence of war has long

 

 

 

been a subject for Partridge and Maudling
— almost an obsession. The satire of
"Generals and Majors" and “Living
Through another ruba" has become even
more cynical, saddened by reality. At least
three songs weep the virtue of peace after
the war. "This world's over” is, musically,
the simplest on the album; and, somewhat
similar to tOcc, the typical spastic rhythms
and staccato gruntings are lain aside in
order to give weight to the message. Par-
tride follows in the faststeps of the film
Testament —— instead of chanting "No
war," "Peace now" slogans he simply gives
the listener a view of rife after the bomb,

 

 

‘ V Perspecti‘aes

3 Is Quite A Ride

 

...will you smile like any mother

as you bathe your brand new twins

will you sing about the missiles

as you dry odd numbered limbs

The attack on organized religions and
putting false prophets before war begun in
Black Sea’s "Travels in Nihilors" also
continues,

...will you tell them about that far off
and mythical land

and how a child to the virgin came

will you tell them that the reason why
we murdered

everything upbn the surface of the
world ‘

J AMADEUS

 

November 16, 1984

so we can stand right up and say we did

' it in his name.

it

"Reign of Blows (Vote no violence) is
openly anti-war and he indicts the super-
powers, particulary the US.

Decked out in blue white and red.,.

and by the half light of burning republics

loe Stalin looks just like Uncle Sam

“I remember the sun," a beautiful
Maudling contribution, also touches plain-
tively on the subject.

On the lighter side, love is their other
favorite subject. "You're the wiin you are I
had” features an optimistically beautiful
chorus and twisted phrasing. "All you pret-
ty girls” is the single and is the most
Beatles-esque (Partridge must have been
listening to Sgt. Pepper before this album
was recorded.) It has possibilities, I hope,
for commercial airplay. “Seagulls scream-
ing Kiss Her Kiss Her” has keyboards play—
ing the rnorlial rhythms usually handled by
guitarist Dave Gregory, liealIe-like harms
push along the song and counterpoint the
lwo~parl vocals. ,

Peter Phipp's huge drum sound fills out
the bottom end of the recording spectrum.
His replacement of Terry Chambers has
not affected the XTC sound. Partridge's re-
cent interest in various percussive elements
most likely determines Phipps parts
anyway. Dedicated fans will be pleased
with the growth within the XTC format;
the unitiated have no better chance to sam-
ple than now.

Maudling says in the album's opener,
“Wake Up,”

...”The radio is blaring out

its in one ear and then its out

you didn”t notice that the record’s over

who cares...”

You’ll notice when The Big Express is
over — if only to put the tonearm back on
side one for another listen. C]

A PLAY BY PETER SHAFFER

Directed by

WILLIAM A. LEONE '

8pm November 27— December1 & December 4- 8
2pm Matrnée Saturdays December1&8

Lab Theatre

Performing Arts 'Center

The University at Albany

Reservations

457—8606

A University Theatre Production

 

General Admission $6, Students and Senior Citizens $4

 

 

  

 

  
  

ovember to, [984

 

tend to believe th... ‘utl r ') judge,
or at least get a got: i idea about an
album, by its cover. 5 me ways,
the cover to Hanoi Rocks' first American

LP, Two Steps From The Move, is an ex-‘

ception. To me. the picture of the band on
' the cover looks like the New York Drills:
androgenous looks, teased hair, a bit of
make-up, sort of like strung-out royalty.
Some people seem to think Hanoi Rocks
looks like Motley Cr'ue. Motley Crue took
the Dolls' look and then trussed it up with
leather and spikes so as to fit with their
ridiculously masculine image. What ap-
pears put on for Motley Crue seems
natural for Hanoi Rocks. Their appearance
is a product of them and their music, not
_visa-versa. Hanoi Rocks is real rock banct,
like the New York Dolls, not a mere collec»
tion of poses and cliches.

 

Norman Kee

 

Hanoi Rocks have been around since
I980. They started in Finland, their home,
and then moved on to London, where they
I, are now based. Andy McCoy and Sam
‘ Yaffa, lead guitarist and bassist. had been
. in Finland's top punk band. With friends
Nasty Suicide (nee Jan Stenfors) on rhythm
guitar, Gyp Casino on drums. they formed
v the original Hanoi Rocks. Their first album,
, Bangkok Shocks Saigon Shakes Hanoi
>' Rocks, did very well in Finland, and their
7 next three albums, Oriental Beat, Self
’V Destruction Blues, and Back to the
Mystery City proceeded to make them
> the" band in Finland and very popular
throughout England and Europe. Also dur-
ing this time, just before the recording of
Back to the Mystery City, Gyp Casino was
sacked and replaced by Razzle. At this
point, they are about as popular in England
as Van Halen is here, and about as popular
as cola in Finland. An excellent sample of

 

- Hanoi Rocks' first four ablums is the dou-
'» ble live impor't album, All Those Wasted

Years. Recorded at the Marquee in Lon-
don, it shows off Hanoi Rocks at their best:
a bit of Aerosmith, a bit of Mott, a bit of
the Stooges, some of the Stones, and a big
NY Dolls influence. (In fact, Johnny
Thunders, cx-lead guitarist of the now
defunct New York Dolls, encored with the
band recently in London.) All Those
Wasted Years is a good, raunchy live
album and a good introduction to Hanoi
Rocks.

A Good Talisman For King And

tephen King fans finally have
something to celebrate. After the
slow decline of his novels from
"great" to "good" to “Well, l used to love
his early stuff, but lately. . .” the master has
finally hit "great" again, with his new fan-

tasy novel, The Talisman. ~ A

 

John Keenan

Credit the influence of co-writer Peter

 

. ' Straub with getting King back on track; the

‘ two friends work so well together it’s next
to impossible to tell who wrote what parts,
although the plolline (an intriguing, in-
tcrweaving story involving alternate
universes) seems more Straub's work than
King's; the intricacy of Shadowland and
Floating Dragon is definitely discernable
here. However, why spoil a good book by
playing Guess The Writer? The 'Rilisman is
really too good to waste that way.

The story concerns yet another twelve-
year~otd boy with the mind of a 20 year
old Harvard man, lack Sawyer, who goes
under the name Tr'avelltn' Jack. it seems
that although Jack’s mother is dying of
cancer, he can save her; but the necessary
tool, The Talisman, is all the way across the
country. in California. Following the ad
vice of an old black man named Speedy
Parker, Jack sets out across the country on
foot, travelling both in the “normal” world.
and an alternate one, called the Territories.

Hanoi Rocks

 

Vinyl Views

By Its Cover

 

 

Aspects 7a

 

 

 

Two Steps From The Move is Hanoi
Rocks' first American LP and first for a ma-
jor label. it is a really good, solid album,
but it is also my least favorite Hanoi Rocks
LP. I think that part of the reason I don't
like it as much as the others is due to the ef-
fect of producer Bob Ezrin. Ezrin has
previously worked with Kiss and Alice
Cooper and is quite a talented guy. He
seems to be very goodat the art of recor-
ding music, but he gives the album too
much gloss. Andy McCoy has described
Hanoi Rocks" music as "trashy street rock
'n' roll.” What Bob Ezrin has done is taken
this sound and tried to put it in an arena.
making Hanoi Rocks sound like a 'stadium
rock' band. This sound seemed to go along
well with Kiss and Alice Cooper, buttl
think a producer such as limmie Miller,
who has worked with the Rolling Stones
and Johnny Thunders, would have better
suited Hanoi Rocks better.

Two Steps From The Move opens with
the album's first single, a cover of
Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Up
Around the Bend.” l think it is a good ver-
sion of what is basically a dull song, but it
is also one of the weaker cuts on this
album. "High School" is a first rate rocker.

 

:6
written by Andy McCoy, who has
previously been the band's main
songwriter, and Bob Ezrin. "l Can't Get It"

 

and "Underwater World” are two mid-
tempo songs with lyrics written by Ian
Hunter. "Underwater World” starts off
sounding a bit like the beginning of Blon~
die's "Rapture," or "Private Life" by the
Pretenders, and then proceeds to hide in a
place in your brain, only to come out while
you are trying to write an essay about the
consequences of literacy or in the middle
of counting a bunch of pennies, thereby
rendering constructive thought useless.

Bob Era-in does manage to redeem
himself on "Don't You Ever Leave Me.”
The song is a diamond-in-the-rough on All
Those Wasted Years, but it really stands
out on Two Sleps,.. Ezrin's “Phil Spectnr of
hard rock" approach, with its careful overt
dubs and arrangements, succeeds on
"Don't You Ever Leave Me" and "Million
Miles Away," the two most ballad-esque
songs on the album, while it does less well
on the album's more upbeat numbers.

"Boulevard of Broken Dreams,” written
by Andy McCoy, Bob Ezrin, and lan
Hunter, shows off Hanoi Rocks' heavy
English glam rock influence, as does the

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Territories were discovered by
lack‘s father several years before. They are
an alternate world where (need we say it?)

magic works, and the people are still deep "

fur

 

tn the heart of a rnedeival feudal system.
People from our world can enter the Ter-
rilories by flipping; entering the body of
their Twinner, which is the person in the

  

 

   

 

next song, "Boiler." Both songs are very
melodic and "Boiler" especially sounds like
an English pub song. it features all five
members of the band singing in five part
harmony with heavy cockney accents.
Both songs are real fun and are the sort
that, like my singra-long voice. sound bet-
ter with every beer,

Andy McCoy and rhythm guitar player
Nasty Suicide stand out on "Futurama." As
Raule and Sam Yalfa crank out a rhythm
slightly similar to Led Zepplin's "Rock and
Roll,” Nasty and McCoy do their bit, soun-
ding a bit like Keith Richards and Ronny
Wood on benzedrine. On top of this buzz-
saw outfit, Mike Monroe delivers a swell.
revved-up vocal. It starts off sprinting and.
just barely eludes catatonia.

Hanoi Rocks is a band that will certainly
be heard from for quite a while. They are a
young band (Razzle is the oldest at 22,
while Nasty is the youngest, t9) and
already they have five albums behind
them. Each album has shown a progres-
sion. inclrrding Two Steps From The
Move. despite Bob Errin's production.
They are mega-stars in Scandanavia and
true big cats in the rest of Europe. Hopefuls
ly, next time out they will get a producer
who more closely suits their style, or at
least one I like better. [3

Straub

territories who most closely corresponds to
that particular person.

Jack’s nemesis comes in the form of
Morgan Sloat, his father's former business
partner, who wants to control all the
revenue from the company, and who is
hoping to use the Territories to reap riches.

Although the actual mechanics of the
aovel seem bulky when explain, the nar-
rative. moves along pretty well, carried by
interesting characters as well as intriquing
situations. One of lack's allies, an adoles-
cent lycanthrope called Wolf, is worth the
price of the book all by himself. Wolf is a
shade to mrrch like Lenny from Of lt/lice
And Men for comfort (in fact, didn't Lon
Chaney Jr. play both Lenny and the
Wolfmani), but the character is such a well
done one that you can forgive Straub and
King the borrowing.

The novel does stretch the boundaries of
belief a good deal more than is common
for either writer, which may he one reason
that they were both so careful to stress that
it is a fantasy novel, not a horror riOVel.
Two writers like King and Sttraub writing
fantasy as such Won't do that genre, which
is slowly gaining an audience, any great
harm, either.

Published by Viking Press at 15.95 a
copy, the Talisman is a good buy for King
and Straub fhnsl'altke‘. w ' 3‘ ‘ w  El 'v

m m. ..a...y.w..s....s_..... ...,,

 

 

 

