    

\. .r ‘7~‘K“~:1'.;" ..

_.“-f'.N-“~

 

 

 

"1F.

 

nauseatst he,me chl. - '

 EDITORIAL. "

 

 

n.1,"... .mu.

 
 

 

. ’ Sto  all ‘iporn

hile men are dancing around the Campus
Center Ballroom stripping down to near
nudity, the bookstore. is coming under
pressure to quit selling pornographic magazines.
if, you think that male strippers are okay while
dirty magazines aren’t,' then think again. The
fightagainst pornography must extend to men as

well as women. '

The effects of male strippers are different from *
the effects of Playboy and Penthouse c‘ent‘erfolds,
but they are effects of a similar causeLThe cause is
making sexual objects out of human beings. And
until we can all learn a better way‘of treating eaCh
other, we’ll keep pursuing transient pleasures at

the cost of genuine fulfillment.

So, those who enjoy dirty magazines and strip
shows ask, “what’s wrong with superﬁcial

pleasure? If I enjoy it, why not indulge?"

‘ Well, you may not realize it, but that magazine
you bought in the bookstore last week or the strip—
pers you saw last night are a lot more than just a

good time.

When you turn someone into an sex. object,
you take away their value as a person. Objects are
things; to be played with and controlled. Ob-
jects can’t be hurt. People can.

When something becomes an object you can ex-
ploit it, because all that matters is what you want

out of it.

When we do this to the trees and the air it is an'

act of violence which results in a deadly environ-
ment. When we do it to men and w0men it ts a
m'uch'more severe act of violence — it results in
cultural, emotional and physical abuse, sexual,
racial and ethnic abuse. , .

It results in 'a reality in which one’in three
American women can expect to be sexually abused
in their lifetime. ’

It results in a world practically obsessed with
sex from cradle to grave. Where, if 'not with our
hands then with our minds, we masturbate to
magazines and TV and sunbathers on the podium
and the fantasies that pervade our thoughts each
day.

Much of this battle has been fought through
the growing awareness of society’s exploitation
and abuse of women. But we can’t stop them

Whether its women in the centerfolds or‘malc
strippers on the floor of the Campus cameI
ballroom it’s objectification of the human body.

How can those fighting the exploitation or
women stop short of ' ﬁghting all sexual
exploitation?

There’s no doubt-that women suffer more from
being treated  sexual objects and stereotypes.
More inequalityand abuse — in the home, the
workplace, the media, the streets and the govern
ment. We must never stop ﬁghting this tragedy.

But this battle‘is built on the foundations ola
principle -- the idea of treating people as people
and not as objects. The idea of breaking out of the
prison of objectification. The idea of creatinga
new vision for human life.

Those of us who are commited to these ideas
should be ﬁghtimg for them for all people_
Fighting porn in the bookstore is not enough. we
must stand on the principle of ending the exploita-
tion of all people.

 

COLUMN

Alternative ideas on goVernment

in this, my final column as editor of the editorial pages,
i will suggest an alternative to the traditional conservative
and liberal perspectives. The audience it will appeal to
will be anchored by those that generally agree with
Reagan policies but who are repulsed by encroachment;
on personal liberties such as prayer in school or the aboli-
tion of abortions.

[Edward Reines

The liberterian view has existed for quite some time.
More recently it has manifested itself as a fringe party.
The major fault of this party has been their persistent
dogmatism. A careful balance of dogmatism and
pragmatism could turn this irrelevant party into an im-
portant political force. The constituency definitely exists
and is only suppressed by the lack of self-deﬁnition.

Economically this paradigm is quite similiar to the cur—
rent conservative view. it stresses continued deregulation
of industry, a ﬁrming up of the social safety net for the
truly needy, elimination of most programs for the middle
class, minimization of federal control over state spen-
ding, a lower flat tax rate, and such innovative ideas as
the urban free-enterprise zones.

Deregulation of industry has been quite successful both
. for the consumer and the efﬁcient supplier of goods and
services. Two good examples of this are natural gas and
the airlines. Of course it should be noted that in some
cases regulation is a necessary evil. The existence of the
social saftey is vital to our society, however, in its current
form it causes the breakup of families, dependency, and
shame for those that need help. It should be rebuilt; one
suggestion is the negative income tax which does not
devour the initiative to work. This is not incongruous
with the ﬂat tax program recently released by the
Treasury department (Which will most likely be
decapitated by well-ﬁnanced lobbyists and a vengeful
Congress). A return of power to the states through
revenue sharing is key because only a state can truly be
aware of where the money can best be spent.

lnnovation should be explored more fully. For exam-
ple, social security should become a tax and not an in-
surance. The private sector is superior at providing in-
surance for the bulk of the population. There is absolute-
ly no need for a billionaire to receive social security.
Those that do not have adequate savings should still be
covered under the social security program.

Defense, as stressed by the founding fathers, would
clearly be the primary responsibility of the federal
government. Thorough reviews of contracting practices
should be performed by outside agencies like the General
Accounting Office as well as a shakeup of the entrenched
Pentagon bureaucracy. Modest cuts in defense would be
useful in reducing the deﬁcit without appreciably reduc-
ing our capabilities.

At this point this nee-libertarian paradigm sharply

 

 

 

The author is editorial pages editor of the ASP

L .. .. ,-...~.......-..-...._---..
-..-. .- -

diverges with Reagan and the right wing. Along with a
semi-laissez-faire economic policy is a lareg laissez-faire
social policy. A staple of this policy would be a complete—
ly secular state. Any kind of prayer in school led by a
teacher or any other person in a position of authority
should be forbidden. Obviously prayer in private school
should be allowed. Private schools should not be
discouraged, however, no government aid should be
given to these schools in any form. Tuition tax credits are
an example of government subsidy that should not be
tolerated. Legal oaths and the words on money should be
washed of their references to someones God, admittedly
this must fall low on the list of priorities. The payment of
government funds to the official clergy of a legislature is
wrong as is the granting of space or funds for the erection
of secterian holiday paraphenalia.

Censorship goes against the basic tenets of this
philosophy. it is a shame that school libraries are scoured
for vague references to the human body. It is disastrous
that the Reagan administration has impinged on the im-
portant Freedom of information Act. in short, people
must be free to communicate ideas popular or otherwise.
Their are exceptions where national security is involved
but the scope of censoship currently exceeds this
ridiculously. There will be evils as a result of a more open
society, for example neo—Nazi literature or the perpetua-
tion of bigotry through words.

Bigotry can only be stopped by a completely color-

blind society. Pcrpetuating the notion that one person
should be dealt with differently than another is counter.
productive. Swift penalties against people that break this
sacred rule will over time minimize the perceived dil.
ferences of races, creeds, colors and sexes.
Victimless crimes in most cases should he tlccrirninalit~
ed. The best example of this is the legalization of mnti
juana. The marijuana high is undeniably less intense and
less violent then that of alcohol. if people choose to use
this drugI that is their priority. it would be marking a large
and unfair value judgement to assume that all people
want to maximize the length of their existance although
pot has never been proven to shorten one‘s life. Onthe
contrary a drug like PCP is proven to induce violent and
antisocial behavior and must be outlawed.
Throughout this article I have left room for l'ttrtltetex~
trapolation of policy proposals. To me the Libertarian
philosophy offers much, but no ideology can serve asa
panacea. We are a society of humans and emotions. and
compromise and pragmatism are a part of all solutions.
In this world, the anarchy of the marketplace (ideas.
goods, and services) has proven more effective then the
heirarchy of government. Unfortunately, the Liberals
forget this when they propose a larger‘ economic scope f0!
government. The Conservatives forget this when the)‘
preach their values and morals from the pulpit of gown‘
mem- Maybe one dayxthis view will be represented on thc
American political scene. I hope so.

/.

 

 

' 'aia's‘a'a'c .. - _'A’A'A"L‘AVA'A A'A'A'A'au'suu‘x's's‘a‘au'Alau'suu'uacquaint“.

 
 
 
 

 
 

TEN YEARS OF, UH,
“EDI/047m” lN TliE
SOVlET UNION WON'T
or. so BAD... U'RE
NOT LOSING YOUR mitts.
YOU'RE GNNING A

        
   

W

 in. mm;
9954. .,

 

 

'I'A'A'A'A'A'A'u - - u's‘.’.&'d'£ u an a ‘1' ' '

 

 

 

Also:
Coppola’s
Cotton Club
Premieres

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  

.‘;<...".v‘.’ '

 

,. , —NV"">(

 

 

