 

‘ V Friday, December 10, 1041 No. 13
.  . guember r Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The, undergraduate noWspaper of the New York State Col-
,lege.tor 'len‘chers published every Friday of the college

year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

Phene's: Oil'ice. 5-9373; Dormnce, 3-2843; Holstein, 5-2815:

Grunwnld, 3-9538.

different as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂice.

 

' ﬁlilﬁk’iieiliiiii‘ 
College Psblabcn Representative

420 MADIION AVI. le YORK. N. Y.
cmcuo ' lesson 0 Lee Alelus - sen i'unelsco

The News Boerd

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE — — _.
EDWIN J. HOLITEIN — _ _

A. HARRY PAIIOW — — —
MADILINE GRUNWALD — -
HARRIET DIFOREBT —

ALLEN IIMMONB —

CARL MITCHELL —

FLORA GAIPARY --

MURIEL ICOVELL

DAVID ILAVIN -

ANDREW TAKAB —

 

IDITOR-lN-CHIEP
CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
MANAGING EDITOR

BUIINEIE MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

SPORT! EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
AIBOCIATE EDITOR
AIIOCIATE EDITOR

 

 

All communications should he addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications.
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

A Message From Whitman

“Listen America—what do you think en-
dures?

Do you thing a great city endures?

Or a teeming manufacturing state? or a pre-
pared constitution?

Or any chef-d’oeuvres of engineering, forts,
armaments ?

Away! These are not to be cherished for
themselves.

“Long, too long America,

Traveling roads all even and peaceful you
learned from joy and prosperity only.

But now, ah now, to learn from crisis of
anguish; advancing, grappling with dir-
est fate and recoiling not;

And now to conceive and to show the world
what you children en-masse really are!

Long yet your road, fateful flag—long yet
and lined with bloody death,

For the prize I see at issue at last is the world.

“i swear I begin to see the meaning of things:

It is not the earth, it is not America that is
great,

It is l who am great or to be great, it is You.

Underneath all, individuals.

I swam nothing is good to me now that ig-
nores individuals,

The only government is that which makes
minute of individuals,

The whole theory of the universe is directed
uncrringly to one single individual ——
namely, to You.

“I see flashing that this America is only you
and me,

Its power, weapons, testimony are you and

me,

Its crimes, lies, thefts, defections i re you and
me,

Its Congress is you and me, the officers,
capitols, armies, ships are you and mo,

Freedom, language, poems, employments,
are you and mo,

Past, present, future are you and me.

“This is what i have learnt from America——
this is thc amount, and I teach it again——

While we rohoase our immoasm'able wealth,
it is for ’l‘hco, dear Mother,

It is for Theo, the soul of 'l‘hce, electric,
spiritual l

Our ‘i’arms, inventions, crops, we own in
Then! cities and states in Thee!

Our freedom all in Thus! our very dyes in
Thee!

“Thou Union holding all, fusing, absorbing,
tolerating all,
With Victory on thy left, and at thy right
hand Law;
Thee, ever Thee, I sing!”
—- Abridged and adapted [rum Walt
Whitman’s “Leaves of Grass."

1 _ stare categormionmtetmm 19, 1941’

 

To the Editor:

Glen Walrath asked for a reply
to Mr. Takas' column on fraternities
and sororities from one of the girls
and the temptation to answer was
too strong to resist.

Mr. Takes is right, I believe, on
the religious question. When I ﬂn-
ally came to a decision, the question
of religious prejudice was one of the
deciding factors in my choice. I
think such restrictions are wrong,
but understandable. People will al-
ways tend to gather in groups with
the same back-ground and thoughts.

Whether there were sororities or
not in State, there would be factions
and cliques. In so large a student
body, it would be impossible to have
one large happy family. Sororities
are the answer to the average per-
son’s urge to associate with people
whom he likes or wants to know
better. Also they ﬁll a most impor-
tant part in the social life of State.

True, many students are never
bid. That is regrettable. Many, of
course, cannot join sororities be-
cause of ﬁnancial reasons. But I
firmly believe that there is no girl
who could not join a sorority if she
really wished to do so. A few looks
at a book on personality development
or even on dressing correctly, though
that’s not too important, and any
girl could work wonders. But it’s
too easy just not to try, and then to
criticize the sorority system. I'm
being unfair, of course, because
many wonderful girls never have
had an opportunity to be rushed be-
cause they must work very hard.

And there’s another important
consideration. Sororities cannot suc-

“so”... see. Speaks ‘ '

Communication

 

cessfully functionwith too large a
membership. There should be mBTe
sororities on campus, and then every
girl who wanted to join one would
be taken care of. At least, that’s my
opinion.

Of course, one usually votes for
a sorority sister at an election. I
joined my sorority, because I liked
the girls in it, and I like them enough
to vote for them. That wouldn't stop
me from voting for another girl I
felt to be more capable. Certainly
I've never been told, nor heard any-
one told, to vote for one of the mem-
bers. I think that the sorority spirit
is a. wonderful thing. The last thing
I would criticize would be loyalty or
affection. I’m bound to my "sisters"
by genuine respect and liking, not
by iron chains.

As for prejudice against other
sororities, I can only speak for my-
self. My theory is this—a girl joins
a certain group because she feels
most at home there. I respect her
decision, and expect her to respect
mine. I can think of only one girl
in school I honestly dislike and she
isn't in a sorority. Each sorority, as
a. group, is pretty swell, I think. Each
brings companionship and happiness
to most of its members and thus
fulﬁlls its purp05es.

I don't think sororities are any
more undemocratic than a Women’s
Club or the Elks. I've written this
answer because I think the sororities
have taken too much criticism, with-
out enough attention being psld to
their virtues. I hope I've stated the
case clearly enough.

Rhona Ryan, ’44

 

PM 4% peanut

Mary Studebake-

 

To get back to Casey and his
blondc—probably that wise gal knew
that not only must hcr make-up be
planned carefully, but also her en-
tire costume, from formal to flow-
ers. This same axiom holds true to-
day for successful prom trotting.

Remember that the best evening
gowns are those of simple lines and
good material, In evening, as in
daytime wear, simplicity is the key-
note. Howcver, in the evening, this
simplicity can be as dramatic or
sophisticated as you wish. This of-
fcct can be accomplished by a dif-
ferent hairdo, unusual flower or-
rangements, exotic jewelry and ac-
ccssories.

If you have the ncrvc and ini-
tiative, try to vary your coli‘fcur
for the ocacslon. If you have it done
professionally, beware that your hair
doesn't have that still“, set look that
screams beauty parlor. Be sure that
it’s clean and shining. A harmless
vegetable rinse to high-light its nat-
ural color isn't a bad idea. For hair
glamour, try garnlshlng the curls

 

with tiny sparkling sequins applied
either by yourself or your hairdress-
er, or try garnishing the crowning
glory with fresh flowers.

Speaking of flowers, the December
issue of The Women has a good
article on flowers for formal wear.
The conventional shoulder corsnge
is on the way out. Instead, girls
now favor wrist or waist corsagcs,
l'lowel' necklaces, or flowers in the
hair. All a decided improvement
over the old use of the flora.

Jewelry is, as always, important
for evening wear. Avoid an over-
dosc of uninteresl'.ing jewelry. Too
much glitter will merely confuse the
observer. Instead, spot light a few
good pieces of costume jewelry.
Jewelry usually goes hand in hand
with all white, all black, or one color
gowns. Prints are usually compll‘
mented best by flowcrs.

Try a few of these tips, and we
guarantee that when the band ends
up by playing Slur Dust, you'll find
that your appearance has been as
perfect as the evening itself.

 

Founs and Psychology

..—_.._—_—

Once upon a time there were two
little i'mms. Now one faun was so
very, very disappointed because the
world was no longer young, and
green and romantic. lint the other
faun made the most of affairs as
they Wore.

thn thi- ()ccuslon warranted. she
showed the desolate i'aun how even
it (.‘ockncy sailor could act like a
cavalier when he had a light of love.

Silly? It may sound so, yet no
(nu' who saw the fantasy which Luke
Zilh-s directed was aware of the lm-
probabillty of the situation. The
audience ucclmlcd the fuuns with
much less lncrodulily than the sail—
or and his lady.

lictty liardcn, who stopped into
the part just one wrok ago, was a
typical islngllsh Wrnch. John Luboy
was the scamun.

The quite delightful fauns were
playcd by liody Aunust and Betty
(dough. 'l‘hclr horned coiffnrc and
pointed oycbroWs did much to add to
the illusion of woodland creatures as
they pranced and cavorlod about
the park bench (donutod by the
Glass of 1080) which was the sat.

Mr. lelcs is to bo complimented
for his realistic direction of two
young people's falling in low. For
once a stage kiss was a kiss. or
should we say kisses?

burbara Clark Chose a French
melodrama as her offering. Like so

Bernadette Sullivan— ——-

muny lrunslntcd plays this one suf-
i‘crcd from the slili’ncss of the dia-
lognc.

All of the players were at ease in
their roles. Arthur )olllns missed
not a line of the judge’s part. He did
a good job, but he was hampered by
(:(mconlruling on his speeches thus
eliminating much expression.

l'rn li‘rvcdman as a doctor inter-
ested in psychiatry gave by and all
the best performance. Only hcr
pantomime seemed natural lo ()lnirc
Schwartz. With a few lussolls in (lo-
llw-ry and stage business, Miss
Schwartz might find lli‘l' acting much
improved.

it has l)l‘i'll our policy heretofore
lo boost the cntl-rlalnmmit which
Advanced llrnmutlcs has so thought-
fully providod lo fill in that lagging
time while sols are being changed.
We appreciate the incl. llli'l'i‘ urc
few volunlm-rs for the position of
unheralded inlurmission singer or
dancer as the case may be.

We enjoy community singing. it
sci-ms a line way to build fooling
among the members of the audience.
But from now on we Would rather
sit in styglan darkness and unearth-
ly silence than to strain our vocal
cords following such incredibly bad
time as that backed out last 'i‘ues-
day night.

Our apologies to Ida Rosen, a
competent pianist and accompanist.

33W --.-

Santa Claus Gets
A Christmas Letter

.47.

Dear Santa Claus,

It may seem a little foolish to you to have a college
student writing you a letter. People who go to college
are supposed to be old enough to have stopped be-
lieving that you exist. So it is—we know you to be
just a product of the imagination. We long ago
stopped believing in you. still, we are writing you
a letter.

You must realize, Santa, that this is just a. whimsy
on our part. We are serious so much of the time,
that every so often we feel like acting as if we were
still capable of believing in someone like you. And
when we really think about it, we must admit that
when we thought you were real, we were a lot happier
than we are now.

When we were children, Santa Claus, we knew that
you were a kind-hearted man who lived at the North
Pole, and no one could tell us differently. We knew
that once a year all good children could write you a
letter asking you for the things they wanted most.
Above all, we knew that they were never disappointed.

Whenever we asked you for something, we got it,
and if we didn’t, we knew it was because we weren’t
good enough to deserve it. You always came through.

Santa, and we got into the habit of de-
SOﬂIl pending on you year after year. You lived
Never up to the faith we had in you. You never
fa“, let us down.
Well, here we are, writing you one more
letter to ask you to give us a few more things. It’s a
little different this time, though. We know that we
haven't been good at all, and that we don’t deserve
anything; we know that you can't give us the things
for which we ask. Just the same, you’ve never failed
as before, and it makes us feel a little better to write
to someone on whom we know we can depend.

We suppose that it is right for us to ask for the most
important things first. A little less than two weeks
ago. our country entered a world—wide war. We haven’t
been in it very long, and We haven't suffered very
much yet. Still, we are at war, and we don't like the
fceling we get when we think of it. Santa, the best
thing that you could give us  a quick peace. We
would prefer that no one had to die on either side,
but since we know that is impossible, let whatever is
to happen be over with quickly. Peace—that is a gift
that you can give not only us. but the whole world.

Even though there is a war. we're still going to
classes, Santa. That brings up something else for
which we would like to ask—good marks. We are not
so silly as to think that you can give them to us with—
out our doing anything for them, but we do wish
that you would give us some motivation. We are told
that. one must have it to do good work. If we were
motivated, maybe we would do seine studying. If we

studied, maybe we would get some good
Ref-10¢“ marks. We need motivation. Won't you
Fuiuye give us somc———no one else will. I
F.“ Now we’re going to get serious again and

ask you for something that seems very
important to us—a knowledge of the future. You can
see why we want it. Everything that we do here is
so uncertain. We don't know whether we shall get
jobs when we are graduated. or whether we shall
go into the army. or whether we shall get married, or
whether we shall just sit waiting for something to
happen. it's rather difficult to keep on with your
studies when you have no idea as to why you’re doing
it all, or what you will have when you are finished.
Especially so is this true in these troubled times.
'I‘hcrcfore. Santa. please give us an inkling 01' what
lies nhcad.

We could go on asking for gifts from you. There
is practically no limit in what we want. The less we
ask for, though, the more we might get. We’ll stop
hero.

(I suppose you knew all along, Santa Claus, that
we have been fooling no one but ourselvcs. Even
lhongh we know lhul. we will never got lhc things we
have asked of you. even though we know you are just
a personage created for children. it makes us feel
better to write down what We want the most, and to
ask you for if. iror a lulnutc or two we can fool our—
selvrs into believing that it is all il'lli‘. For a minute,
wr fool happy and hopeful. 'l‘hal is enough for us. it
is a minute that we would not. have had otherwise.)

A merry Christmas In you Santa Claus, and thanks
u lol i

The Weekly Bulletin

 

 

I"|‘I‘l|| lilu‘l) in Iw girl-ll profor-
'I'In'ru Hr.- jobs for lwvir I'III'I'.
I,\ or lllll‘lj own to deliver
lllilll «luring (‘hriulmua ('Illlll‘lllilll,
I'Iiwh. II will probably pay (‘ommliicn on liorrult-
I'illi or :.l\i_\ n-unla lwl' "will of Hlmlrni
hour. l"ol' l'nrlbi'l' lnl'ol' Nun-mm.
Innlion hn ull'o :ll lln- |"l‘l'ill , V ‘ ‘ ‘
can. in I‘lu- Inn.” of so: .. "‘“""'1""*""‘"l“i
lIi'IlI‘i office, liol'l'lnlu'l' lil l‘hrlslnnis rc~
lil'liiIH'I‘IiA'I‘IUN (‘AIIIIH was Imglus of ii .\.M.
Hilllli‘llih who have January ll Mall: i‘lub
nol llll'lli'II lliI'll‘ Hl‘l‘lillll nnwllng, llooln in]. 7:30
solnoslur scln-dnlo cards, do I'. .\i.
so llmnmllaivly. li‘l'I'H will
lav t'nllol‘lod .llllllllll‘)‘ 'JI, ‘J'J,
and 'JH.
NIIIIHl'iH NI‘ll'lIIIilI)
'l‘bo .‘s‘ialo Nursing i‘ouu-
oil on Nullonnl llofcnso is
issuing a call for some
girls lo l‘llil'l‘ schools of
nursing in Iho ncxl l<‘obru«
cry and Hoplclllbor classes.
Young women with one or
more years of i'ollogo are

liuihorlno I“In'|llo,

.lannul'y i llobulo l‘onncil
incollng, iionlll 2f), ii:iill
l' \l

January 8 Hi‘:\ moollng,
lmllllp‘v. 1i :lii) l'. M.

January 8 i‘boral Horioly’a
Mid-Winner (lolli'olil, Al‘
inln‘jl' High School, lidiil

.lalnluilry II Stale-ll. 1’. I.
mswlbnll gnaw W 0
Hall gym. a r. M.’ g

 

 

 

gr"

.-

Newh

Coiled?
“1) ,r l,, "nu,

__ma 
I National

any! i
7.. ou-Iu  

" .' WI.

.

0“

sun comes news, rams stem
-» w ‘x 4 car a ‘4 1.

Warning to Hitler, Hirohlto I Co.-—Hore's .iho ldnd of training American college boys are
receiving these days. preparatory to their entrance into the armed forces to fight for the American
way of life. This picture shows only a small contingent of Wisconsin’s Reserve Ofﬁcer Training Corps
cadets lined up of target practice. A special indoor range consisting of, 30 targets has been set up

in the armory to accommodate 200 cadets an hour for practice shooting.

WC" Comlts~iookinonmore liken trio of littcrbuos "cuiin n w ,“ than il
.glhosksihsli players. these. three boys. Floyd Volksr (6) of Wygming. gods «Mimi:

sit: and Ari Machined, both of St. Francis College. chose a loose ball, W 9min ran
, y with s 03 is 30 win. For more pictures on howsibcli iunnlot ism e’pggfow.
,r v international - 7  ., l

‘ dscsi results.

tendering lssm Gentle
Kansas, student of Cornell Univ iii
her hoary thinking hoists sits a

4% Firstly "

.a
Yl- Rb!
innit"I

 

 

 

 

 

