  
  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

autism May,1916 '
by the Class of 1918 

Vol. XXVI Friday, November 28, 1041 No. 10
Member Distributor

Aaaociatad Collegiate Praia Collegiate Digest
The under raduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for eachar‘a published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the student Association.
Phones: Office, 5-9373; Dorrance, 3-2843; Holstein, 5-2815
Grunwaid. 8-H”

Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., poatoﬂice.

 
 

 
     

 
 

REPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIING IV
National Advertismg Semce, Inc.
College Paul‘slun Representative

‘20 MADIION AVI. NIW YORK. N.Y.
cnicuo - Ioaroa - Lea Aaeltaa - Sll raIacIaco

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE
IDWIN J. HOLBTEIN - - .

  
   
    
       
      
      
    
      
    
      
    
    
        
        
      
        
       
         
           
       
    
      
 
  

- IDITOI-IN-CHIIF
CO-lDlTOR-lN-CHIEF
MANAGING IDITOR

A. HARRY PAC-OW - - -

MADELINE GRUNWALD - - DuaINan MANAGER

2 .‘ HARRIET DEFOREBT - - ADVERTIIING MANAGER
ALLEN SIMMONS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER

/ CARL MITCHELL - - - - IFoRTs EDI'ron
FLORA GASPARY - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

MURIEL BCOVELL - - - AIIOCIA'I'E EDITOR

AIIOCIATE EDITOR

DAVID SLAVIN - - '
AuoctA'rE EDITOR

ANDREW TAKAB - ' '

issuE EDITOR
ANDREW TAKAS

«02

communications should be addressed to the editor and
thin be sl ned. Names will be withheld upon re uest.
The STAT COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi illty
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications,
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

               
    
    
   
  
   
 
   
   
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
    
        
         
      
       
    
       
   
    

 lntellectural lmmaturity

We, the students of State are immature.

Think about it for a minute. Read it again.
Then see if you don’t agree.

We of State like to think of ourselves as
young men and women, possessed of an adult
viewpoint, the equals of our elders in judg-
 ment and outlook.

r a We are so only in our imaginations.

We come to college and we live in a world
entirely of our own making. We refuse to
look beyond our own limited mental sphere.
The world today is passing through. one of its
greatest crises: we are only faintly con-
cerned. Social and economic ills beset the
nation: we worry about where we will raise
enough money for Saturday night. _The post-
graduation future faces us w1th its uncer-
tainty: we dismiss thoughts of it until “after
we’re through.”

Undoubtedly our collegiate years afford us
what is probably our last opportunity to en-
joy ourselves without any cares or respons1-
bilities. Undoubtedly we should take advan-
tage of that opportunity. At the same time,
however, it is not fair to the development of
our own mental maturity that we ignore
K eveything outside the collegiate sphere.

The great majority of us do not care a whit
what happens off the campus. Either we
are absorbed in the task of enjoying ourselves
to the utmost, or we are obsessed with the
desire to cram as much factual knowledge as
possible into our heads during our years here.

Our lack of extra-collegiate interest is the
poorest sort of training for our lives after we
are graduated. The educational world '13 .2
highly artiﬁcial one, and we who dwoll m it
completely, will be lost once we leave it.

We at State still have many things to learn.
We must learn to show an interest in the
current problems of the world; we must learn
to look beyond the next day or the next week;
 we must learn to develop a responsibility out-
 side the collegiate circle.

 Then, and only then, shall we be justified
in considering ourselves mature.

 

 

 The Seventh Commandment

Recently two paintings were taken from a
Draper Hall exhibition. No one knows the
identity of the thief. it may havo been an
outsider; it probably was not. if a student is
guilty, he should be reminded that it is not
only a matter of stealing two pictures, but it
involves depriving 1100 students of the bene-
fits of future educational exhibits.

It is possible that out of the entire student
body there are few who would do such a
thing. However, one person’s action is enough
to destroy faith in the entire student body.

A . “ﬁve-llama.» ...

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1941

. Marching Along

Wendell Cady

 

Jimmy Quinn, Class of ’41, landed
in Camp Lee, Virginia to ﬁnd that
army life is not what he had ex-
pected it to be. Jimmy (according
to my information)is a good natured
Irishman who says he can’t break a
bad habit once he forms one and
had hoped that the Army would
straighten him out. Much to his
surprise, he was treated in a civilized
manner from the time of his arrival.
The adjustment to army life was
still difficult and the hours of class-
work in a medical training course
were long. When work was ﬁnished
there was nothing to do and Quinn
was soon very eager to leave both
Virginia and the army.

Early this fall Jimmy was trans-
ferred to LeGarde General Hospital
in New Orleans. Since his transfer
his letters have had nothing but
praise for New Orleans. Life is look-
ing up now as his time is his own
after ﬁve o'clock. The work is not
hard; in fact. Quinn reports that it
is scarcely hard enough to keep him
from going stale. The hospital is
a very interesting place which cares
for the really sick soldiers from the
neighboring territory. Although he

pea/4pr

 

Rhone Ryan

“Down in New Jersey State Teach-
ers’ College they called me ‘Uncle
Bill'. Yes sir, they loved me dearly."
Well, come to think of it, Professor
Hartley does look like somebody’s
kindly uncle, until you begin to dis-
cover that a tornado with a sense
of humor must have had a set-to
with his family tree.

For, besides teaching some of the
liveliest and most enjoyable classes
in college (but he gives terrific testsi
he is immensely interested in audio-
visual education—movies and rec-
ords. In fact, he’s written a book
on “Selected Films for American
History."

Has Many Interests

He’s an educational advisor on
Columbia’s School of lll(' Air and
writes a column in the Social Edu-
cation Muguciiic. It's called, mast
sibllantly, Sigh! and Sound in (In:
Social Studios. There's another
book on the subject of conservation
and citizenship. "Beautiful format,"
he says a bit wistfuily.

All his students hear a lot about
his wife and child. Professor Hart-
lcy explains his preoccupation from
the fact that he spent three years
teaching in a girl's private school.
Evidently protective measures were
necessary. “Did you ever touch in
a private school for girls?" he ask-
ed with a haunted haggard look.

Does Not Live in Y.W.C.A.

And despite the StutcCollcg‘c Ui-
rcclm'y he does not live in thc Y.W.
CA. “Please scotch that runioitm
I'm not one of the girls." Professor
Hartley spends his wcck-cnds in
Brooklyn with his family land still
looks a bit green at tho mcntion of
the Dodgcrsi. “My lillc girl," he
said proudly. "got u 97 average on
her report card and she's in grade
28! He attributes it all to her pa-
ternal inheritance."

in class or out, Professor l-liii'tlcy
is it load of fun and \I/cll-slockcd
with jokes, quips, rnlscd cyc—hrows,
and all necessary iuljuncls to bl-ini',
the life of the party. ch. Slate Col-
lege students ought to bc culling him
“Uncle Bill" in short ordcr. lli'llll
thcrc. Uncle liill!

 

 

does not “tote” a gun, in actual war-
fare he might be called on to assist
in removing the wounded from the
battleﬁeld. Because of this danger-
ous task, the medical corps had a fa-
tality rate second only to that of the
engineers in the First World War.

There is plenty of sea food avail-
able and, as he lives across from
Lake Pontchartrain, Jimmy plans to
when the weather warms up. In his
get in some swimming every day
free time he has done a lot of ex-
ploring in the creole quarters and
could undoubtedly tell you students
of history something about the “cad-
jians" who have inhabited the re-
gion from way back. He managed
to see the Tulane—Alabama football
game and plans to be present for the
Sugar Bowl event. The big event in
Jimmy Quinn's life will be the Mardi
Gras which is one of the most color-
ful festivals in this hemisphere. He
has been invited out to dinner, at-
tended dances. and ﬁnds that for all
practical purposes he is now just a
civilian in uniform. After the ﬁrst
of the year he expects a furlough,
but until then he may be reached
at LaGarde General Hospital, New
Orleans, La.

 

Mary Studebaker

No, girls, Christmas but coming
earlier this year but our advice is.
It‘s never too early to start your
Christmas thinking. Let's begin now.

Christmas comes but once a. year,
and when it comes make the most
of it. Mercenary? Maybe, but with
prices and taxes being what they
are, who can help having a few de—
signs on the Noel season? Besides,
isn‘t it better to drop a few well
placed lints than to end up with
the [iinual handkerchiefs from
Aunt Abigail or the scarf that Uncle
Homer always sends?

Stock Up On Extras

If you're lucky enough to be ask-
Ld what you want, speak up—for
now‘s the time to stock up on those
extras you've wanted for so long.
Take Max Factor's Pan Cake Make-
Up, for instance. There's a gift
worth a brand new complexion that
stays on all day. Or, how about
some of the light perfumes that
even add zcst to .111 8:10 Math class?
Helena Rubinstein's “Apple Blos—
som" is a favorite. Another item for
Christmas stocking is the luxurious
bath salts and powder set that has
always defied your budget before.
Cosmetic houses outdo themselves
.11 this season and there is no limit
to the specials they have to offer.

Have Your Powder Mixed

Incident. lly. speaking of cosine—
tics, there is a place in town where
they mix your powder to match your
skin tones while you wait. It's all
very scientific: they keep a record
of the ingredients they've used in
your powder and the next time you
come in, your rcclpe's waiting. The
concoction is mixed for only one
dollar. Nlcc idca, huh? For Christ-
mas or otherwise.

Don't forch costume jewelry when
you're making out your “wanted”
lisl. Wooden jewelry heads the
parade in the form of earrings.
lil.’t'klllc(3$ .nd 'iil'Vcd bracelets.

’i‘hcsc and many others are worth
a lililc. uudiblc wishful thinking,
Who knows but what it might fall
in upprcciutivc t'ill'Sletllll why not?
licL cvrn Aunt Abigail gcls baffled
olll'l' in a while.

Look to This Day——

lullx' lo lllls ll;i\

,llol’ ii is llll‘.

lll ils lu‘icl' lom'sc lli‘ all do \lrillcs

."\llll i‘i‘iillllt‘s Ill. _\llil|‘ t'\l\lt'lltt'f

’l‘llt‘ lillss oi gronlll,
’l‘lli' glory of zillion,

lllc slill'lllllli‘ (ll. lil‘ullll.

l'ol‘ )‘l‘sll‘l’llill is lllll ll (ll't‘illll,

Arid tomorrow is only li \lsloll;

lilll today, \H'll ll\‘rd, liiailscs I'\«'l'l \l'slci'dny

/\ dream of llzlpplncss,

And cl‘l-i‘y lomorroil' :i \lsion of hopc.
l.ook \vcll, lhci'clol'c, to this day.

- ‘ [from tho Hulls/Nil

SW:

The Tale of Harold's

Pathway to Success

 

 

 

i4. ‘7.

In the fall of every year, a multitude of freshmen
descend on the College. They come from far and
near. They are prompted to come by different mo-
tives. Few of them come in order to get an educaion.

Harold was an exception. In his eyes could be dis-
cerned nothing but the gleam caused by an insatiable
thirst for assorted and specialized information. He
had come to learn. He made no bones about it.

When he arrived at the College, the upperclassmen
took him in hand, and showed him all the important
things. They happened to show him Myskania.

Harold was enthralled. He was fascinated. He was
awe struck. With an almost reverent manner, he
whipped out his Freshman Handbook and turned to
the page telling him about Myskania. He read that
none but the leaders, none but the best, none but the
most popular could aspire to be on that body.

Then and there Harold underwent a metamorphosis.
He resolved to get on Myskania. He resolved that
everything he would do in the next three years would
be directed toward placing him on that body.

A new man was born. Harold threw all his books
into a. corner, and went out and bought himself a
sports coat and a pipe. He tried to cultivate a Man-
ner. He tried to join a fraternity. He failed.

Fraternities, Harold had found out by this time,
were wonderful things. Being in one of them was
the most important qualiﬁcation for Myskanla. It
was not that everyone in a fraternity was on Mys-
kania, oh nol—but everyone on Myskania was in a
fraternity.

Harold was no handshaker. He wanted to be on
Myskania, but he did not have a very clear idea as
to how to go about it. When the time for the spring
elections rolled around, it was doubtful if more than
fifty people knew him by name. Therein lay the
secret of his success.

Harold ran for the sccrctaryship of Student As-
sociation. On the ballet with him were the candidates
of various powerful organizations on the campus. The
consensus of opinion was that he didn’t have a chance.

When the ballots were counted, Harold was pro-
claimed the victor. It was simple. People had voted
for him because they did not know him, therefore dis-
iiking him less than the people whom they knew:
they had voted for him because he did not belong to
a fraternity; they had voted for him because they could
think of no one else to vote for. At any rate, he won.

Harold was amazed. He never would have thought
it possible. All through his sophomore year, he sat
up on the stage. He never said anything; he never
did anything. He was completely in the background.
and completely inoffensive. For those sterling quali-
ties. he was elected vice—president that spring.

Once more Harold was amazed. Once more he did
nothing. Once more he sat on the stage for a whole
ycar~until Moving-Up Day.

As he sat in his seat that day. Harold thought of
his freshman year. and of the day that he had re-
solved to get on Myskania. He thought regretfully
that he had never had a chance to make himself im-
portant in the college. He had never been on any
committees. He had never led any movements. He
had nvcr spoken in Assembly. All in all, he had never
once done anything to put himself in the public eye.
True, he had been elected to two offices. but Harold
realized that it was due only to pure luck, and that
would never be tapped. Harold was dismal.

thn he heard his name being called, he was com-
pletely baffled, He thought a major mistake had oc-
curred somewhere. When the caller persisted, Harold
sulicrcd himsclf to be led to the stage, where his hand
w s shaken, and he was led to a seat in which he was
not allowed to sit. He was completely bewildered.
He could not sec how anyone Would hch thought
lllill hc dcsci‘vcd the ribbon pinned on him.

Harold iichi' got over his bewilderment. All his
Scnior your he sat on the stage. ilc never said any—
lhing; lll' ncvcr did anything. The only thing that he
schich was u rculization that his fellow Myskaniilns
wcrc no supcrml-n. but a group of successful politicians.

Al. Moving-Up Day of his Senior your, Harold
thought that at lust his chance had come to do some-
lhlng. llc would lup someone else. When Myskunlu
hild ils clcclions. lhcy dccidod to hlivc onc person
l'cwcr on their succcssors. 'l‘hcy drcw shows to dctcr—
miiic which of lhcm would not top anyone.

(in Moving-Up Day, Harold rosc from his scat and
whcii his turn lo lap cnmc, lic wnlkcd l.iic lciiglh oi
lllc slugc, formal, and stood bchlnd his cmply scnl.

lli‘ hud prcsci'vcd his i'ccoi'd.

The Weekly Bulletin

 

\n\l llllll'l' 'Jil ‘l'homns .\lol'v

hI‘I\HilIH
Sl-nlol's uh» l'\|ll'l‘l lo llousl- (Lil \IinIh-s pui'
lI.ltll l“l'|'l|"ll i. ll. or III I,\, 'l‘liom.i.-. \lol': lloum-,
l|l.- *vi‘l‘llllil who-slur ropol'l \ i' H
In Itnoiu .l'lll in \lilill- .‘ll .\on-mlu‘l' ilzl ltJI’Il-I lll‘lJ
ll Io .\ \l, 'l'ulwluy, lli' llllllnv dulu-v, llllllhl‘. w
.rlnln-I' ‘J I'. .\l
l"I'I'IlI .\oii-Inhcr '_".l I'oIII-uo llilllm‘
.\|I nlulll-Iils who \\|ll l'i' \n- lluncc, i'olll-uo lloosv.

Iilrllll lIl .\Ih.in,\ or ihc \lcin U l‘. .\l,
lI_\ llllll who \llwll lo Ii'ol‘h lll't'l'liilll’l' '..' l'oi'um inwl
li\i'l' lln- l'lll‘lalllldn liollllnjs lug. lulllllp’ﬂ, .i..’l|l l'. \1
should l'vpor: Io llll' l"l‘l'2ll Ill-colnhl-r ‘J .\llvlllll't'll lli'li
llt‘hll (|u HI\ \ llllllll’h pluj. l'.igl- Ilull
hi) '. . I. .‘2.'I,I. II . ‘ 'l n
NUH’UIIHIII LN- m“ “my, ulnlllollum, .II I. .\l.
“m plump,“ 7m, It My lli‘l'l'llllll'l' :l lll'l’.ll1' l‘ollIi
.\oil-mhvr ‘..‘b l'll-l‘l'c Hull i'll loci-ling, llooiu BU, iiiilll
formal, l'ii~rco llull, ll 1'. .\l.
l‘. .\l. lll‘l'l‘llllll‘l' -l le‘.\ gcni-l'ul
.\oll-iuIn-r '.5'.l St‘.\ cnriilrul, Incl-ling, l.olii|j.‘,c, :i:.‘lll
l'oinnnuls, H I’. M. l'. M.

 

 

 

 

 

Sludious Slate Femmes Scare
Conservative Union to Skidmore

 

Schenectady Boys Shout
More Invitations lo Slate Nelson Modifies
Junior Program

By Aney and Baxter
Methods Classes Scheduled,-

Two State co-eds, armed with pa-
per and pencils and an official 0K
Content Work Postponed
An emergency plan to facilitate

from Dean Garis’ office to poll the

campus, invaded Union College early
teaching in Milne next year was
outlined to the Junior Education

Tuesday morning. After overcom-

ing tremendous obstacles, such as a

summons to appear in traffic court

at 10 A. M. for going 58 miles per

hour through a red light, they com-

pleted a blitzkrieg that was short Classes' Friday’ November 14' by Dr'
Milton G. Nelson, Dean of the Col-
lege. Because former Methods clas-
ses were replaced by junior Educa-
tion 10 under the five-year program,
none of this year's Juniors would be

(but sweet) and the Union men suc-
cumbed graciously.
Saratoga More Convenient
Yes—Union men think: of State
women, but they go to Samtogn. prepared to teach in Milne next fall.
Maybe it’s because it‘s easier to get To remedy this defect in the Pro"
there, maybe the Skldmore girls gram, 9. class in Methods for juniors
have more “refillement’,” or maybe has been scheduled for Tuesday,
the State women are too studious or wadnes‘layi and Thm'Sday at 3510
—could it be that Union needs more A- M- 119’“ 591118519611 but the junior
encouragement? section of Education 10, now in pro-
Says one Union man__,,Heckl it gross, will continue until June. Ap-
costs almost a buck for a round mp plOXllll'biLely ten weeks will be given
bus ticket to Albany but only a quar- LO M-CLhOdS m the maJor subjeﬂ
tel, to Sarawga'” Well_And on me and'five weeks in the minor subject.
“reﬁnement” angle, they had a Senior practice-teaching, carrying
chance to slam their traditional ri— LII-lee hours undergraduate credit’
val, Blair—“Who are THEY to de_ will follow the same system as form-
mand refinement in anyone?” which ‘llllfgnc-hul-l- .01 the Class teacnmg
statement speaks for itself. And ﬁlling we ms? semesmr Of neXt
most Union men agree that the tyle‘u and! ﬁle l-emam-der “msmng
higher scholastic standing here I le,yea"-Palt 01 the “uh year wm
tends to make State women look ii§,bl)em..nl advanced “in?” team—
down on the men they go out with @3ngng SIX hows graduate
as inferior, and girls—no man appre- .'
ciates that (with apologies to Dor- . Tm‘s temporary change in the
othy Dix), live-year program will provide the
same total number of hours in Me-
More Open Houses thods and practice-teaching in the
“Frankly, I dont know, bu, I im_ completed program; but the juniors
agine they.l,e like other women... Will have to postpone three hours of
Nomcommitml’ mm it‘ but bums content work until their senior year
the prevalent idea around the Union ['0 get m their three hours of Me"
campus. The boys in Schenectady “"de “HS yew"
want more and better open houses. IL 1“ bcneved “1‘” the “1'55 “ve'
Favorably impressed by the Open will. “"155 w leave State Will be
Hollsc at Pierce Hall, one man said. ‘.’(lll‘1’l"’(l Wim ‘1 preparation wmcn
“Wen like more invitations... OHM. is far superior to that of past grad—
mcmorics included the classic rc- “mes; that “'31”an W111 rem“ 3'
mark, “I went to one state dun“, level which will be found difficult to
and came home pleasantly plastered “mu” m we future'
And some of the social conventions
of State womcn are screwy.” ,
“If you approach State women liltel'lraternlty COUHCll
with the right attitude and spirit, , ,
they are usually i'esponsivc"——tliis Plans Traditional 
from in studcnt with summer school
experience at Albany. “Naive, but Max Reeves, '42, President of In-
w1th 1)OSSll)llllli‘s"---il‘01]l n Vassar Lci'ii'atci'nity Council, stated that
advocutc. "Stuck-up, not fricndly" the annual Intrefraternity Ball will
#01,, 01,.._w;1l(;11 n, gals "All in-ccdg bc held in the Commons December
at State; sonic are beautiful mid 13- 1331101118 Will be from 10 P. M. to
others-w ! More varied than of Skid- '3 A M.
more and Sage when: their is Thus fur, the selection of the band

(ma dominant class. has not yet been made; possibly
Union [5 Wining- lust year's band may be engaged

again.

The chairmen of the various coin—
nutlccs have bccn announced as fol—
lows: Arrangements, Mnx Reeves
~12; Music, llnrold Singer, '43; Pro:
a State girl exclusively ill thc lust “31mm Robe” Leon’u'd' '43; “ml
your and a half. it’s up to Sliili‘ (Juan-“l” “MS l’ledgm‘
womcn to ilicrcusc this pcrccntligc UPON («‘Umllll‘ll‘m 01' fraternity
1-,“. “1,. Union buys ,1“. ready, wm_ rushing. such an event is licld ali—
mg and “hp, nuully for the purpose of promoting

Th”, “1W (mmmnml “H “Um, friendship among the various fra-
unglcs. The main fault, as illcy “‘mll'ms'
see us, is that Sill/4' thinks that
State is terrible. We must ucquirc
morc school spirit, says Union. An~
other thing, they think that thc
sorority rush system is screwy
there shouldn’t be u quolu. And the

State co-cds mustn't lose heart,
howcvci'. \‘Vhen one Union man
was asked whul he thought of Stutc
women as a rule, he replied, “Well,
it's my rule," lind unothcr has dulcd

 

You ’11 final

hours!
As to what the blitzcrs thought A h
of Union mcn Will, they wcrc t t e

swcll. ’l‘hcy \yl-rc hospitable, cour-

icons, fill] of fun, non-commiilul,
and cugcr lo mccl the girls ut Sluic. 
l‘lugcr lo hc of :lssisiulicc, lhcy

look llu-ir risilors :lrolinll lhc cum-
: E ’
1: ICE 3

pus, giving llll‘ill uil insight into ull
CREAM

phusl-s of Union llfc, (llllipcl, lhc
libl'ury Ifrool which tlic co—cds Wcrl-
polill-ly I‘lll'l'lt'flr, tWo l'rutcrnily
liollm'n, lllt‘ office of llic ('oilt'ol‘»
IllIHHIN, Union's hi~wvckly ncws—
pupm', :ill i'lillll‘ ill for lliclr shore
of ollcnlion. Am! lllc mcn!

Beta Zeta, KB Pledge

Ilclii Zulu lust chk plcdgcd Mur-
gurcl. l'lvcrcll, ’43, and .lcanoltc
Shily, ’44. As honoi'iu'y incully moni—
bci‘s, they inducted in. and Mrs, U.
inilhor Andrews. in. lvlutlc, (li'ccu,
Miss lloi'ls Kclly uiul lh', and Mrs.
Oscar lluill'ord.

Kuppil licln lins inducted llli'wlii
Htoinbci'g, ’41, lillll Armin A. Kob-
lcins. '44, into full membership.

Nothing Else So Good
Is So Good For You

 
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
         
           
            
            
      

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1., 1941

College Chosen Scene
Ol Faculty Workshop

state College will be the scene of
a new project on teacher training
when the faculty workshop opens in
June. The project has been made
possible by a $45,000 grant of the
National Education Association.

The purpose of the workshop plan

is to provide a place where secon-
dary teachers interested in the de-
velopment of a new curriculum
may work on their problems with
the aid and stimulation of a highly
selected group of co-workers.
_ Three subjects have been chosen
for intensive study: Child Develop-
ment and Growth; Reading, Writing
and Communication; and the Art
of Teaching. The study will be made
under the direction of Dr. Harold
E. B. Spreight. Dr. Robert W. Fred-
ericks, Principal of Milne High
School, is the local chairman of the
Art of Teaching topic. '

custom.

Rushing Tactics Confuse Fros‘
But 45 Also Likes Attention

Beware, all you high pressure
sorority riésherslI The freshmen wo-

en are egnnn to s
ulterior motives. g “peat your
state their opinions of sorority
rushing, the majority of the rushees
started out with, “Rushing is lots
of run. but—," and ended with an
outpour of varied opinions both for
and against this traditional college

When asked to

Among those in favor of rushing
is Betty Clough who says she has
met so many girls she can't remem-
ber their names. The majority of
freshman women agree that rush-
ing offers the best method of be--
coming acquainted. In fact, it is so
effective that Dorothea Smith be-
lieves, “You don’t even get to know
your fellow-freshmen.”

Invariany the freshmen believe
that rushing gives them a feeling of

importance and makes them the
center of constant attention,. and

Plan Photography Exhibits

Everyone may contribute to next
month’s photography exhibits in
Draper Hall. The annual faculty

Anne Fritz.

“Nobody minds attention,” declares

On. the other hand, rushing was
critiCized on several points. Joan
Smith feels that it causes hard feel-

exhibition is scheduled for Decem- "185- She believes that sorority

her 1 to 9 while the student display
Will start December 10.

 

And her hips tiny l

lhc garnicnt.
rounds your hips
waist” fashions.
cnsily be Wilsllod.

.lllNllllt ('.(iN’l‘tHlli Silill’

 

 

 

 

rushing should be like that of the
fraternities. Others also sympathize

 

To make her eyes shiny —

GlRDLE by FORTUNA

lltllllllt' control for holding lummics llzit »——
by u cichi'ly dcsigiicd scclion of clustic pluccd on the inside of
Makcs llioso currcs look smooth as n pnncakc ~-~

whitllcs your wuistliuo for tlic ncw “tiny
(‘ol,l.on, i'llyoii, and elastic fabric which 'tlll

. , , lillllll ll'luor

-7 clcvcrly |li'()\’ltli'(l

 

with Joan's suggestion. Jane Heath

states, “The men have a frank

method of rushing." '
Opinions were widely varied as to

whether or not rushing was too oi). 

vious. Eleanor Hayeslip finds the
sylsltemf‘pit‘ftty subtle.” “Yeah.” an-
0 er res man chimed in “hit ’
Mack truck.” ’ e 3
Many were strong in their con-
demnation of the rusher who croc-

ses her fingers as she pays a com- -

piiment. Eunice Wood is definitely
against insincerity and describes this
type of rushing as “gushy.” Nora
Giaveili believes that sometimes it
is difficult to tell who is sincere
and who isn’t, while Flo Garfall,
president of the freshman class.
blames the abuses of rushing on the
gullibility of the freshman women
themselves. “They should realize.”
says Flo, “that every girl must pull
for her sorority."

A few girls who would not com-
mit themselves. dismissed the ques-
tion with pretended innocence.

Connie Coburn re lie , “ ’
rushed me so far."p d NObOdys

Marion Duffy, ’45, summed up the
consensus of opinion both of rush-
ees and sorority members when she
remarked, “It’s all very confusing.”

 

$2.50

 

 

 

 

   

