  

 

 

 

 

w‘xh'V-uyr: mm. . “

 

 

i
l
i
i
l
i
5

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1941

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1941

  

PAGE 3

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the Class of 1918

Friday, October 10, ill-ll No. l
. Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for ' eucliers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student .-\ssociatlon.
Phones: Office, 5-0373; DorranI-o. :t-usta; llolsteln, 441373;
Grunwald, 3-9538

Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., pesto/flee.

 

Vol. XXVI

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 8'

National Advertismg Service, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADISON AVI. NEW YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO ' Boaron ' L0! ANGELIS ' SAN FRANCISCO

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE - — ~
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN - —

A. HARRY PASSOW - - -
MADELINE GRUNWALD -
HARRIET DEFOREST - -
ALLEN SIMMONS - -
CARL MITCHELL - - - -
MURIEL SCOVELL
DAVID SLAVIN - - -
ANDREW TAKAS - - -

 

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CO~EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in Its columns or communit-atlons.
as such expressions do not necessarily rolleci Its view.

’And the New Sun Rose. . .I

The past two years have seen the phenom-
ena of student disrespect and distrust of not
only faculty and administ 'ation but of their
own chosen Officers as well. Many faculty
members in turn in their private discussions
have minced few words in expressing disap—
proval of certain student actions and atti-
tudes.

In an attempt to patch up these differences,
Myskania has decided upon unprecedented
action.

At a meeting with Dr. Sayles this week,
Myskania suggested the creation of a stu-
dent-faculty committee to act as a sounding
board and clearing house for all grievances
and problems arising in student and in stu-
dent—faculty relations.

The committee as proposed will include
the chief class and student activity officers.
It would endeavor to ai ‘ and iron out matters
of vital interest like Student Union and
undergraduate ﬁnance. It would discuss the
housing problems, extra-class activities, even
the curriculum.

Above all, and probably most important
the committee would havo absolutely no
power of action, merely that of recommenda-
tion. Thus ultimate decision on student af-
fairs would rest solely with the student body.

The groundwork for the establishment of
the committee was carried out in a surpris-
ingly clear atmosphere of mutual trust and
amicability. Dr. Saylcs’ rcfusal at a prelim—
inary meeting even to nominate members of
the faculty for committee membership is a
typical instance of the pro 'ailing good faith.
In referring to the naming of faculty mcm-
bars to the committee as a purcly sttldcnt
matter the President set the cxamplc for the
conduct of all future meetings.

This year may mark a new era altogcthcr
in the student-faculty relationship.

The faculty, through its spokesman, lir.
Saylcs, has shown that it is willing to coop-
cratc with tho student body. The student
body must show through unreserved coop—
cration that the fccliIIg is mutual.

 

Union of the People

For those to whom thc tcrm is foI'cigII, a

Glorilying The Peanut

 
   

INK. SHAM

        
     

1 — PLlSHED Aim .
/%// l “I  ST
r l I.
.  OVER WORLD!
I HE MAKES 1115‘
f - PAPER F . PEANUT

SHELLS. AlNTS‘ FROM
CLAY AND FRAMES ARE
MADE FROM CORN HUSIG.’

‘ BUCKSHOT °
©VER lOO STUDENTS

CDI’MPRIZE 'lHE STAFF 0F
int; MiNNESOTA DAILY!

" RESEARCH AT TUSKEGEE INSTI-

mAS MADE 265 USEFUL
PWDUCTS FROM “ll-IE PEA-
NUT tNCLUDINGI MILEK. PICKLES.
LARD AND AXLE ci‘zEASE/

ALSO MADE lid PRODUCTS
FROM THE SWEET POTATO.

N ACCOM- KILLED

HAS EXHiBl'IED ED as. A3 A n we
PAINTINGS ALL CONCERT PlANlST/

 

  
 
  

I 9 ‘
DINO'UIinED NERO SCIENTIEI'."
HAS DIRECTED AGRICULTURAL

 
 

 
 

TUTE FOR MORE THAN 59 YEARS. :

   

   
  
  

. FFEE,
GXPER’f COOK-
REClPES ORlGlNATED
BY DR.CARVEK ARE
USED IN LEADINO

MUSICIAN- T0 - HOTELS THROUGHOU
UR COUNT

 
     
    

SINCE 1870. WHEN tHE us. OFFICE
OF EDUCATION BEGAN COLLECTING
STATISTICAL INFORMATIOIcSOME

5.500.000 PERSONS

HAVE RECEIVED COLLEGE DEGREES!

        
       

 

Vitamin F and Fraternities

 

To the Editor:

The budget of Student Associa-
tion is deficient in Vitamin F. the
finance Vitamin. And unless this
vitamin can be artificially injected
into the “veins” Of the Association.
the budget will have to have an
Operation—possibly amounting to a
66‘? loss by all organizations. It'll
be quite a while before the budget
could recover completely from such
a Inajor operation; and organiza—
tions would surely feel the scalpel
bite into their very source of life.
But. there is an alternative!

The graduate class is officially a
part of the student body and should.
therefore, be subject to student laws
and customs. There is no reason why
they should not pay student tax;
Besides becoming an active element
in student affairs. they would re—
ccivc all the benefits that a tax tick—
et affords—copies of the Naws, the
Slit/cannot, and the Pcd, admission
to D & A presentations, concerts.
basketball games. a vote in all
student elections, etc. When the
present junior class becomes a grad-
uatc class. they will still be a class
with officers, meetings, and all the

nctivitics of an ordinary class. Thcy’

Student Forum

.him out on drinking parties. they gave him enough

 

twill certainly pay student taxes. So
why not let the grads get in the
seeing of things now? The ailing
budget desperately needs Vitamin F!
iHow about a transfusion from the
1grads?
l

, _________
, To the Editors:

Since the time of the year now
places the emphasis of the fratern-
lity men toward rushing the fresh-
‘men. this suggestion should be in
order.

By a ruling of Intcrsorority Coun-
lcil last year. the maximum number
‘ of pledges which each sorority could
have was placed at fifteen. This
jscems to be eliminating Inuch con—
fusion in rushing.

Why not a similar system for the
,fr it t c r n i t i e s at State College?
;Wouldn't this end much of the tin-
lorganizcd and dirty rushing? With
Ia maximum allowance of plcdgcs.
Ithc intense fcclings would be re—
Ihcvcd.

The limitation of plcdgcs would
.fit in perfectly with the plan of the
administration on reducing rushing
activities to a minimum.

An Interested ()nlookcr.

Cora

 

 

Glimpses of College

 

’I‘wcnty-i‘ivc years ago

October 11. 1916, "N. Y. S. C. T.
no longer a normal school. she is a
collcgc.‘ wrote a sophomore to the
Editor oi the Nun's.

"The present. day prcparcdncss
propaganda. which is Iiot limitcd to
militaristic lincs, suggested the idea
that stndcnts of Slate Collcgc. also,
should prcparc." said Dr. Bi‘ubacli-
or in aIi address to the studcnt body.
To lhc frcshmcn hc advised, “Use
your free hours for self-cducation;
only 111 that way can scholarships be
attained."

wc have Incuns in our col-
lcitc to get into direct communica—
tion with plat-cs hundrcds. ycs
thousands of milcs away. The wire.-

 

Student Union may be dolinI-d as follows:
I. it offers to students and faculty a plucc I
for complcto relaxation. I

2. it offers facilitics for reading (Ito tcxt~
books), smoking, llstcnittg‘ to good music.
bridge playing.

3. It ofl'crs to thc activities of thc. collcgc
a cent 'al hcadlpiartcrs.

4. It offers spacc for lecture and confer—
encc rooms.

5. It offers a ballroom for all collcgc dances
and banquets.

6. It offers comn‘tutcrs a place to stay from
the cud of classes to the beginning of evening
functions.

Are you interested?

1I-ss stutton which has been added
to thc lr‘hysics (l(.‘])lll'l.lll('1lt is that
Tim ycars ago .

()ciober U. 1931. "Tax may be rc-
Iluc. d to $13." a headline rcutl. “’l‘wo

orpammtions are asking for larger

Gleaned From The NEWS Files

History—

 

appropriatlons this ycar."

“Surch shows that, gcntlctncn
prcfcr blondcs for Campus Quccn
at State.“

"Dr. Smith writes- historical book
.on Salmon P. Chase."

"Sophomorc mcn I‘cstorc class
dignity in Inclcc with 1935 lfl‘oshl
at party Friday."

Five years ago . . .

‘ Octobcr 9, 1936. “’I‘hc State Col-
lege Ncws will again fcaturc thc
Collegiate DIgcsL, thc picttirc mogu-
zinc, regularly cach chk.”

"The final cvcnt of thc twrnticth
annivct'sary cclcbratiI.n of thc Slatc
Coll-tgc Ncws is schcdulcd for to~
Inorrow night \lecII the IIIIancI'suI'y
banquci will lic conducted. It will
laki- phtcc l'l lhc collcgc cufclI-I'iu in
llustcd Hull. and will begin at (1:01)
o‘clock."

, Int-ans," thc NIcws announced thcn.l “13mm, pump-15L Wm m. must “I,

,Slah: ncxt wark," wa. tlu~ big story
‘that chk. “Collcgc students to lis—
tcn lo liI'Ilish autlILrity III world
pcacc."

 

Social Calendar

(Iciobcr 10 BOA Chorus. Lounge.

3:30 1‘. M.

()Ittohct' 14-15 Clltsscs will not
Iiicct.

October ltiwvilutbcran Club annual
fall banquet, First Lutheran
Church 15 P. M.

October 15' Music Council concerts.
Albany High School Auditorium.

   

 

8:30 1’. M.
Octobcr In Debate. Council meet-
ing. Room 20, 3:210 P. M.

 

 Lounge, 7:00 P. M.

‘Octobcr 16-»77Ncwman Club steak

l roast, Thomas Morc House, 4:30
P. M.

 

j'l‘he ncxt morning Charlcs Henry Foster got his bid

1 ll quict little chat togcthcr and Charlie said that they

l'l‘att handed him and then hc went and handed in the

I discuss the matter. And as thcy discussed. each llll‘lll-

‘cach IIIcmbI-r broodcd on the injustice that. had been
I done hnusclf and his group.

l "in talking about If any longcr. ()Iucgu 'l'tIu has him.
'and wc might Just as wcll forgot about llllll we can't hasn't taken hint long

‘ I I. ‘ lwhoin should they soc but Charles llcnry li‘ontcl'.
0010')“ “V” 1"“"0" Mill) “WUUHBI h‘lllllllli; as he came down tho strch to pay II visit to

I (And Hwy got IIIIIIJ

 

Twenty-fifth Anniversary Cake——

SW.-

The Sigma Thetas and
Charles Henry Foster

 

 

 

A. T.

Hearken, friends, while I relate
The tale of the unhappy fate
Of Charles Henry Foster;

And how they tried to get him—
And how they did.

(And they got him in the and.)

Charles Henry Foster was a freshman of the most
outstanding type of freshman—six foot tall, blonds,
curly-haired, and quite the guy. The first day that he
stepped into the college, he looked as if he had been
there all his life and as if he owned half the place—and
the first time that the Sigma Thetas saw him, they
looked at each other and decided instantly that he
was just the man that fate had sent to be one—6i
their new brothers.

(And they got him in the end.)

The Sigma Thetas made up their mind to get him.
and when they made up their mind to do anything. it
was usually done—Iwhen it came to getting new fresh-
men to put on the pledge pin, the Sigma Thetas had
the neatest collection of tricks on the campus. and
they used every one of them on Charles Henry Foster.
Less than two hours after the advance guard had
spotted him. he was sitting in the Sigma Theta living
room and half of the brothers were calling him "C. 
(And Hwy got. him in lhc C'llllJ

They used every trick they knew on C. H. and they

Silver Jubilee Banquet last Saturday night.
used each one with a finesse all its own. They took .. .. ,.

 

cigarettes to last him for a year, they got him dates
with the prettiest and most popular girls in the col-
lege, they did his assignments for him. they gave him
papers that he could hand in for all his courses. they
lent him money when he needed it—in short. they
didn‘t miss a thing. .‘

 

IAIId HIII/ got him III flu. I.Iid./  Dru Edwin R Van chcck‘ Assigﬂ
‘tant Commissioner of Education forl
instructional Supervision,
principal speaker at the Silver Jubi—
lcc Banquet of the S‘l‘A’l'H l
, . . ' News last Saturday. Dr. Van chcck
seriously injured last Friday, was “w Edit/OFJWCIUM

O’Bryon, ’41 Graduate,
Is Injured In Accident

Not only did they give him the works and the whole
works. but what they gave him. they gave him with
ncatncss and precision. They gave it to him so neatly
that an average man would never had guessed that
he was being rushed—but C. H. was no average man.
He knew just what the score was. and he thought
that as long as they were willing to do things for him.
he could see no reason why he should not let them
do them. “After all." he would say to himself with a
smile, “After all, it‘s all in the spirit of pure friend- remqu 1,01. seveml week“ Tm
islililp.” And so C. H. 'as happy and the brethren were othe‘r two bersoim who‘ 'wcn‘
‘ Dy. riding with her at tho time
(And Hwy (/0! him in lhc mth of the accidem were “0L SOY-F
ously injurcd. Miss O‘Bryan
had just left the TI'i—country
Teachers Conference which
she had been attending.

Catherine O'Bryan, '41. was

when the car in which she was
returning to State for a Visit palm, Cplplnmw its
was hit by a truck on route 20. mm”,

She is now in Ellis. Hospital. ‘
Schenectady. where she will

l-lrubachcr.

The night that the bid list was to be drawn up.
the Sigma Thetas gathered together to discuss the
boys and some of the things that they said about
some of the freshmen would have made even the
liardicst blush. but when the time came to talk about of Pi Gmnnm Mn and MC“?
C. H.. there was not, one votcc but was raised In praise. t . ~ . . l 1. .L

. .. . . aiy oi Nmeiui Old) as
bccausc Charlie was the friend of cvcryone In the yew, Arm. hm, graduation
Wont, and cy’lej-yptic n} tirelroolml klleyllllCLWﬂh in tin; She received a job [and]ng
mt, any way. Linc amic 10.11? 0 appiova I was vo Cc reading and wmim in KM,“
that a bid be extended to Charles chry Foster. (mod INT/00 N

chcck slut cd.

 

make!  Plans to Attend

«Ami lll(’l/ _I/ol him III (III? cud.)

Intercollegiate MeetinchI-qutw of l’l'l’hltll'lll

Lnd hc rcad it through, and just as he was reaching

 

 

('oIIr/I st/ ’I'imr‘s Union

DR. EDWIN R. VAN KLEECK, lelt, former Editor of the NEWS, looks on
while Dr. Harry W. Hastings, Toastmaster, digs knife into birthday cake at NEWS

at Kleeck at Jubilee Banquet
Pays Tribute to Dr. Brubacher

was tbc,
Clll.l.l'Itl|‘l

of thc;
News in 1926-1927 when the news-l

The Inain part of Dr. Van chr-Ltk's
spccch was (lcvotcd to a tribute to
the lutc pi'csidcni, Dr. Abram it]

“The unique contribution of thcl
lulc pi'csidcnt. Abram R. Brubachcrj
ol the State Collcgc for 'I‘cachcrs tot
Ill." imprm'cmcnt. of tcachcr cduca—I
lion in Aincrica should be rccordcdt
Miss O'Bi‘yan was prcsidcnt ill ltl’l'lnilllt‘lll lol‘m."

"Ncw York was Ihc sccond staic.‘
in thc wcstct‘n hcmisphcrc to 1111-,
dct'lakc >.('1t'llllllt' lt-uchcr
lion \vhcn It csi.tbli.-1II-il
, . . . Collcgc it? years ago. An unbrokcn
old C. H.—-wh.tt. a hatcimtj man he w.Is going to mm“ W. prulvwimml

prcparua

pioiiccritri
distinguishcd lhc iII:.tilIIltoII.
jcially i:. this ll‘lll' oi lhc uttutlcr
lh'ttl).tcltci"s
lIuhuinisiralIon. Iii. stimulus to llII-

I-sltthltshuitnl of th~ l‘i'l'.\l‘|£ (‘oI.I.I-:I:Ic

Departmental Clubs
Meet This Month

Lutheran Club Banquet Soon;
Frosh Receptions Abolished

State’s numerous departmental
clubs are changing their social pro-
grams of previous years inasmuch
as they are having no freshman re-
ception. Miss Sara T. DeLaney,
Dean of Women, believes it inad-
visable since there has been a
tendency to overdo social activities
for freshmen during the first few
weeks of school.

However, by the end of the month.
most of the clubs will have had at
least one meeting. October 9 the
first meeting of the Commerce
Club was held in Room 206. Draper
Hall; on Wednesday there was a
joint meeting of Chemistry Club
and the American Chemical Asso-
ciation.

quality.

Club will be held next Thursday in Stopped

 

Inaine la Fcuillc, head resident of

 

 
 
 
 
  

anni-

Van

Slalc

l‘lhl )I‘»

for his pen to put his three names on the line whcrc This yam. “1,. “mm,” 1,11,.,.,.,,1_ \mw H “m. M ll)“ “mm'mm \
ll mm' “Sign lmrc‘” [he lu'usldonl “l Om‘lg“ Tu” cum“ lcgiate Confci'cncc of lhc Studcnt ‘ v   I l» l I! I l V. l  ~ ~\
Christian Movement in Ncw \’I)I'l{.1”'\“”il f-llll» \\ Ill I II l.It IIIII “wk”

\ h

hurrying up to hint and askcd hint if they might have
State will takc plncc at Utica. Ncu’
could and they did, and thc upshot of it all was that York. It will be licld froIn Friday
III rcl.ui‘it for a promise to Inakc him president of ‘ afternoon, Octobcr 17. to Sunday
Ihc Student Sciatic. Charles I-Icnry Foster put his Iioon, October 19.

thrcc uamcs on lhc bid which lhc pt'csidciit of Omega The confcrcncc will bring logcth—
or men and women from the colleges
and universities in New York Hltlll‘

 

Ilihci‘ttl arts. 11' hiI-Il

bid of Sigma Theta without. cvcn an ink spot on it.
“’l‘hose boys all like me," he thought as ho droppcd Lb;- to discuss some of the III'tu'Ill ltl'llll-
blank bid in the box. “They‘ll still be my friends lcms facing thc Clll'lb’llllll tll'Ullli‘ W"
whether I join their fraternity or not." (lily.
ulItII Ill! 1/ III( llllll III III" IIIII.) ’
I ll lll Ncw York will l)l' I'cprI-scnictl at lhubachcrr.

'l‘hc upoplcclic fits that shook thc Sigma 'I‘lII-tus in Confci'cncc. NIWHHI ll“ H‘H’l‘di"!

when they found out. what had happcucd wcre sonic--
Herlel Writes News of Fort Bragg;

thing l'lll'l' to scc. 'l‘hc boys inIIncdiatcly gathct'cd to

bcr thought ol lhc drinks hI- had bought, of thc cig—
III'I-ttcs ho'had gIVcII away. oi lhc hours ho had spcIIL.
oi the assignmcnls hc had doIIc. and as ho thouiélll.

I’ll“, “H,” H”, mm l” H” “M” docsii'l 11'.’ it‘s Bob's olllciul lillc :Ilcps III the limit."
said lhc lil'csldclit of Sigma ’l‘lII-ht.

"’l‘lIcI'c is no Itsc.

git him now." And as one man. the. rest of the Sigma fur. either. for lil' only (‘lllt'l'l‘tl Iln- thus askunr. tthn to

'l‘l;ctas said, "Oh. yes Wc can. We can still gct him." army on July itlh. He also I:. IIsso- NcwspapI-I's lll'l' 1ch and
clutc cdllor ol lhc rcgitncnlul pupct'. lWH’tI. tor lhc privates have to buy
WIKII to

And as onc man, they rose and bonded for tho closct

whcre llicy kcpt tho fraternity baseball bats. and as of which Bob Margisou. another thcir own if Ila-y rcally I
I'cud mic. and $21 a IIIonlh is hardly

[11 his first. letter back holnc, Bob cnoutth to buy lhcit' ncccssitics lot. I

our man they headcd out of the door. each with It Stutc. graduate. is Milfor-iii-chlcll

bat in his hand. And as thcy headed out lhc. door.
told how tough the army is on thigalonc buy newspapers.

his old friends. And the Sigma ’l‘hctns, curcfully
holding the bats bclIiIId thcni, Woh-omcd him into the
house with the Welcome of old friends.

        
 

;llt.~. \qu lh- IIIIIIIIII- viion ol :1 pr 1-
‘1I':.:-IIIII.II Institution \\'llli'll
iillillillltlltlj' ground 11:. .Ll'illlllilll’r. III
‘ Ia-c tltc
(llilll‘t ".I'ow Into lhc I‘cI'ogIIixcd
ll'll(li‘l' uniting AIIIcI'lI-uu IIIIIchgI'IId-
ttttlc lcttclu‘t's l‘tIllI‘lLIE». :
lituc III'lIIIwiII-t :I lllllt‘.‘
:IIuoII: 1IbI-I'.It III‘I III:IIIIIIIIIII:..

l)I'. Villl Kl'cck III-.o
Sonic 30 collcgcs and IIIIivcrsitIcs .sIIIth-slntn that the ‘-|tI|'\
lli'l‘li".‘llilllil

Ihguttv

Inuzlc lhc
(ii 111'

Associate Editor of Regimental Paper}

Acting llHilrllillll to 1st scl‘kt'anl Ulll't't'd lo Ixtlw IlIcIII lo :I llllI\l;“
itobcrt l'll‘l'll'lr hounds IIIIpoIitIIIIl., which \\It:~, II'quI-Itlli l'lllllll',l1 "l‘oot...
in l.lIc UIIItt-d Htatcs Army. his first: His only contact \\lllt .ln- onlstdct
stcp toward ll non—com ruling ll :“lli'ltl Is tlnouph Ihc lI‘llI'l'r. ho to;
III ,(t‘l Iltni I-I-I\cs lrotu lII. ll'llllllrt. my.» liolr.

Iur III-—

drnftccs. Just to show thcin lliul At the prcst-nt moment. llob is
they wore in the army and not on with the Hill I-IIgmcI-rs on Inuncu-
a picnic, their lieutenant made thcin vcrs at. For Brag; I. His company is
carry a rifle, and it till pound piIcvaompany 1i. but hc. says that lie.
for eight miles to the reviewing has seen no sign oi the "lloogic-
ground. That night the Lieutenant Woogic" buglcr as yet.

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 

would

hiliiit‘

('ill'l‘l‘l'

l
IIIIII  J
I L.

 

 

 

By Osnif Serabian

Mr. Louis Jonas, of the English
having forsaken his
luncheon dessert. was stimulated by
the pangs of hunger to buy an ice
cream sandwich. No sooner had this
revered gentleman departed from
the Annex to meander slowly (it was
his intention, at least) down the
hall than his placid munching was
rudely interrupted by a member of
Campus Commission.
ber swiftly and efficiently conduct-
ed the errant instructor
the Annex and exacted the penalty
of one large bite. Mr. Jones ac-
cepted his chastisement and finish-
ed his tidbit in comparative tran-

Department,

Sald mem-

back to

. Mr. Jones was lucky to be pun-
tshed by a pretty maiden.
Th;- first meeting of the French 15 only 0”? 0f the many Who have

Campus Commission's or was“: baSRets'
1m, mego a, 7.30 p. M. Mn9 Ge,._ latest drive to clean up the school.

But he

meaning of
but the attempt has

  

5-1401
4] NORTH Palm].

li‘or sleeping in class
and waking in style!
enough to lounge in for bull
sessions, burning the midnight
oil, or that snack before retir-
ing . . .()r you can loaf alone
and like it, too.

Preily Maiden Penalizes Jones »
In Enforcing Campus Cleanliness

 

,the most unperceivlng eye.

 

tdated? If not. please do.”

 

Pretty Pajamas
Pamper the Dorm Crowd

2.98

Lovely

Sketchcd

A. The pajamas all co-cds
go for in a big way . .
strictly tailored . strict-
ly comfortable . . . and
strictly on the budget side.
Sizes 32-40.

Ii. Miss Swank goes patri-
otic in red and blue stars
and stripes on a white back-
ground. Adjusiablc waist
band on full cut bottoms of
contrasting color. Sizes
32-11).

4'\

»\-.._\_ V _)Liupcric .

. ’I'lI iI'Il Floor

I

 

Students, beam upon that polished
floor of the Commons and of the
Activities Office. No longer do you
have to wear hip-boots to plow
through the refuse, for there ap-
pears none of the former heaped-up
cigarette stubs that once were the
most gruesome spectacle in this
school. Receptacles for the purpose
of disposing ashes have been plac-
ed by Campus Commission in con-
spicuous localities; these tin con-
tainers can not be missed even by

As one strolls through the lower
halls of Draper. he quickly perceives
the pieces of creative arts displayed
on the walls. These drawings are
there to remind the student body of
the purpose for the establishment
of the Annex and for the invention

Unfortunately. the capacity of
student mailboxes is limited; but
In the past years. Campus Com- definitely. Those mailboxes
the Frcnch house. will be the guest mission has made several stabs at '
lspt‘aker. Classical Club's second the youth of State in order to make
meeting will bc held next month. them aware
: The Lutheran Club will hold its cleanliness.
lannual fall banquet October 15 at been somewhat futile. This year the
,6 P. M. at the First Luthm'anvcollcge has such an organization
IChurch, Louis Jones, instructor lnlcomposcd of nine sturdy, diligent
English. will be the guest speaker. sophomores. ready to pounce upon
installation of freshmen will follow. careless children of this College.

in the past were stuffed to capacity
with the unclaimed letters of three
weeks, have been cleaned; and stu-
dents may now find the recent “let-
trcs de'lamour” without the usual
scrimmage. Remember the hunting
cry of the Campus Commission—-
“Make that letter four by two. Is it

 

