. .ww»

. .....,._._...——.4-...,.

 

    

oft STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 
 
  

":3 Established May, 1916
by the Class of 1918

Vol. XXVI Friday, October 17, Jim No. 5
Distributor

Member
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for 'euchera published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Office. 5-0373; Dorrunce, ll-ﬂ‘lelii; llolslcln, 5-2815
Grunwald, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂioe.

RIPIIBIN‘I’ID POI NATIONAL ADVIITIIING IV
National Advertising Semce. Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 MADIION AVI. New Yonx. N. Y.
cmcsoo - Isa-vol - Lon Aulus ' San Flancrsco

The News Board

WILLIAM R, DORRANCE - - -
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN - -

A. HARRY PASSOW - - -
MADELINE GRUNWALD -

HARRIET DEFOREST
ALLEN SIMMONS - -
CARL MITCHELL - - . .
MURIEL SCOVELL - - .
DAVID SLAVIN - - .
ANDREW TAKAS - - .

J
«milk 2

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon retuest.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS ussumcs no responsi iiity
for opl.1|ons expressed in its columns or (.‘(iliillilllllt'lllvlonli.
its sticli expressions do not necessarily reflect its new.

 

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

 

Cooperation A Reality

On today’s front page appears an an-
nouncement from the Administration of ut-
most importance to everyone connected with
the College. In the face of an unforseen
emergency the President of the College had
to revise completely the college calendar for
the second semester. It not only meant that
the original calendar had to be discarded and
a new one substituted, but the examination
program had to be altered as well.

The matter as it came tip was a purely ad-
ministrative affair. But the tentatively
revised schedule was thrown open to stig-
gestions from Myskania and Student Council
before the matter was released for publica-
tion.

By thus bringing the entire plan before
students leaders before ﬁnal action was
taken, the administration has demonstrated
that it means to make student opinion a
factor in the solution of vital college prob-
lems. The Administration has backed up by
deeds its pledge of real cooperation among
the three elements of the college population
~administration, faculty. student body.

 

Experiment In Flush Left

A glance at the headlines in this week‘s
Nihzs shows another change in typographical
policy. Last year the S'i'y‘i‘la CHLLlitili News
decided to “streamline” its make-up, but hes-
itated to go “all the way." The type faces for
the headlines were changed from Chelton-
ham, a old-style face, to a new one. Sans
Serif. iut be:ause the paper had a rather
conservative tradition, there was a question
as to whether the headlines should remain as
before or whether all lines should be flush
to the left margin, as is most characteristic
of “streamline” design.

This issuc is an cxpcrimcnt in the "flush-
lcft" idea. it was adopted because the heads
are ‘asici' on the cycs, and casicr to compose,
sincc the lines do not have ctputi counts.

This policy is indefinite. \'ocift-rous stud-
cut opinion, or dissatisfaction on the part of
the l‘lditorial lioard, might coinpcl a return
to the previous stylc.

Student Opinion Poll

A iniint-ogriipht-d questionnaire will l)t‘
handed to each incinbcr of lll(' Student liody
as lit‘ cult-rs this morning’s assembly.

'i‘hc questions Wi'l‘t! (:onipilcd after consid—
t-rablc study, anti are designed to solicit the
collective opinions of the State (‘ollego stu—
dent botly. The issues are vital ones. (in the
solution of the problems stated depends the
future of the A mcrican way of life.

This poll will show where State College
student opinion stands. it will show how
much a State Student knows about interna-
tional affairs. Complete seriousness in

checking answers is requested.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1941

Marching Along

With the Dan...

Reports indicate that State College graduates are really going places
in Uncle Sam's army. An outstanding example of this is the record of
Bob Marglson, class of ’37. and a member of Myskanla.

Bob responded to a rather forceful invitation to move into Camp Upton
on June 19 and was almost immediately assigned to the headquarters
office because of his skill In typing and shorthand. Since then he has
been twice promoted and is now a sergeant in the 44th Engineers. Bob
was one of the ﬁrst men in his regiment to attain the rank of sharpshooter.
and tied with two others for top honors with a score of 177. In his
"spare time" Bob edits the regimental newspaper. The Holdfasf.

To a civilian the engineers might seem Just a brain trust. but such
is not the case. When there is any work to he done they not only ﬁgure
out how it is to be accomplished. they do it! Such speed was exhibited
by one crew that Bob was nearly pinned between the abutment and
the span of a bridge they were erecting. To make matters worse the
bridge was taken down so rapidly that he was stranded and forced to
swim for it, size ten shoes and all.

Bob Margison is not exactly glad he is in the army, but he is taking
advantage of all it has to offer and is making rapid progress. Most
draftees have little respect for the army. Bob. however. has an excellent
chance to see how the army functions. from his vantage point in head—
quarters, and through these observations has formed some deﬁnite con-
clusions to the contrary. After seeing our army in maneuvers, he believes
that it is a highly coordinated and efficient organization that is ready for
almost anything. Bob has abandoned the saying. “Thank God we have a
navy!”, because he has found that our army is not just bluffing foreign
powers — they mean business!

P.S. While on maneuvers Mal‘gison's address is Company H and S.
44th Engineers. Army Post Office 302, Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Cam-
pus gossip is always good news to State men in camp.

 

 

 

 

 

pea/dede

y——Mary Studebaker

Over in Richardson the Spanishi Let‘s understand each other —
Department is happy about the ap— i this column is strictly for co-cds.
pointment of Professor J. Wesley All men see the sports page imme-
Childers as head. and so are the :iiateiy.
students. Mr. Childers seems to be‘ A word to the gals—maybe you
well on his way already toward the don‘t think you need this column.
top in student popularity polls —lmaybe you don’t: but we've spent
could he help it. with that fascin— a week interviewing members of the
ntin' “Suthin” accent? opopsite sex at State. and they think

A tall and scholarly gentleman,ldifi‘crently. Want a sample? All
Mr. Childcrs received his A.B. nndirlght, here are few of their “pet
M.A. degrees from Southern Metho- 1peeves." and don‘t say we didn't
dist. and also studied in Madrid, warn you: Too bright :1 lipstick.
where he obtained a "Diploma de l lipstick half eaten off. poor posture.
Suﬁciencia.“ In 1939 he. was granted i chipped fingernail polish. broken
his PHD. from the University of fingernails, sweater too tight, too
Chicago. ,much jewelry. eye brows "agin" the
Taught 13 Years l‘gi'oovc. Veronica Lake influence on

 

 

 

Rhona Ryan

 

 

finance languages at De Pauwl

Somewhere. sometime. when he i “.10 hair Styles' manicured Elli-“$5
wasnm getting degrees‘ l31.01.055.01.)iiins. knee socks, boots and pig tails.
Chilclers found time to garner thir— (“wing The Li”,
£03811] years of teaching experience: Pr‘lcucally 111' favored modelme
Eiiit.."."t' is ‘   .‘
lagguaggg agngiﬁligis Xi &R§/}na:g§‘ make-up ii the user is skilled in the
ﬁve as assistant plféfeséor of" RO_ art, but all condemned the lily who

' put too much enthusiasm in her
University in Indiana. gilding. One of the most famous

Professor Childers is honestly en- t 1359338 Yfas .a‘gamftdm? coﬁd ,Wllose
thuSiastic about State. "The stu-  .1155] “kumpe m “"ullous
dents are excellent. and of high OSC‘SL‘szltlﬁ dige'medng WC,” not
calibre I’m vcr )leased,” , I ‘ ' ' l I)
he said. And he likes Albdlnly almost i Saylnlg they're Tight or wrong “I.
. . .. . . . v r. . ._.t0gctier. but ticy prove that if
{Sigutliﬁs   5:; lnaincs were revealed there would be
tremcly hospitable and friendly, , rilllllill‘ﬁé‘r "1(S‘1PCI‘IIIEI‘.’%M'9‘1{“9 Sfﬁuéllprl 1"
‘ 1 . c ass ynciings.
boil One Month Old

No chocolate cigars have been‘lvass'" “095 NM 0'"

handed out as yet. but today John Venturing a humble opinion on
.Bai‘ton Childcrs celebrates his first the issue. we'd like to point out that
month of life. Certainly if he cums l Slam lJL‘SidL‘S lJCllli; (“O-l‘tlllCilUOIlill.
any other claim to fame. the profes-  is u 10W!i COUGER This “Willis that
sor must be praised for teaching his 2111 ll“? trimming-S 01' ll Vilﬁﬁlli' 01'
first day’s classes so well with a son ySkldliiOl‘O campus don't necessarily
ibnrely twenty-four hours old. Bngo here. It‘s a pretty safe rule for
the way, John Barton picked a Mcx- y the town co—oci to lcuvc the ultra-
lican national holiday to be born on. college girl in lllurli'nmisr'llc.

lwhich Professor Childcrs undci'- Pui'adoxicaily. all of lhc victims
islandnbly thinks vcry clcvci' of him. inlcrvicwcrl \vci'c unanimously in fit-
‘ 'l‘lic l'uvoi'ilc liolihics of ill(' ncw Hit of sports clotlics for thc co—cd.
,Spnnish professor arc the study of And so are We. We th-n likc kncc
inanish folk—lorr- and unintctii' ino- socks on sonic, providing the rudi—
‘yim. Anybody want to take any ('uls wcar llil‘il' skirts short enough
odds about the luturt- subyt-ct of lhc Io (‘Uii\‘lli('l' Us lllt‘ socks :u'cn‘t
l’l'iill's.~ui)l".‘-. ('llllli'l'll studies? putting it bluntly long untlci'wcar.

 

Fading Formals and Famine

 

 

Student Forum

To the l‘.(llllll'1 'I'o tlic lu‘diloi':

A“ “HWNHH. “In”... L U “H” l supporc nntybc 1! lb bcltci' lo
“1,.” h,” “M 11 H [.IHHHMHH 5pm“, i"t'(l llit' iilllitl l'llllit‘l' than lhc :.loni-
lltlll, llll' inic l‘()lll‘l.'" loi‘niul (ii furl “it it"l“ ill“ lel “1 “PW “l

mint-.lci' t-i-icludiin; liilt'i'-li‘:llt‘i'llll\’ '“VWT' “Hi‘WHi- “Hi HI.\’ lthlIl
“H” Hm“. 5mm“). “MN 1).. “I H only rililii'l'lllllll could rush to iin~
,mmcnu whcn ll discards nop. mt» wmbb Hi li'lU AM 21ml MI iiciurc-
lintliiionul illllill‘ oi lhc Hciiiors llllli llll'Hlltill hi““"‘l“‘-‘i l’ill'llilllll‘ll-

liti'_\ lii‘lii't'illll‘t‘. lililllilllll't‘illi‘lllh, i'll'
unhoui lightly turning ln:-. luncy to
thoughts of food Hlit'llkl‘i'h untl i'cs—
olniions do not inukc a good combin-
ulion in Fathcr ’l‘inic’s estimation.
An usscinbly program should consist
either of speaker or of resolutions,
_ but not of both. In behalf of State's
l lnslcnd oi looking forward to as,“me hm.ch who must “mm”,
‘lliillit‘ band we expect to dance to “mummy”; {0’- HH; sake 01' long-
llocul builds Which ul'if HOW. .Vifﬁ, lilllr , winded perseverance. I implore
how many times have we heard j Student Council to use discretion in
these two bands? Give us soiiie~‘a r ranging assembly programs.
thing big, exciting, novel. Plcasell Please have a heart for the hungry!

Hop Trotter. Josie.

ln:.lcntl oi looking loi'wuitl to :t
‘liil'llilli coinph'lc \villi luiln and
inn-ms wc iil't‘ lmndi-tl Iiin'ough no
‘lillill oi our owni a :.t‘liil~llii'iilill.
"l'lu- inotln. Will luth culcn away our
‘loi'inuls bl-lorc we how a clmnct- to
shine

 

 

 

 

365614464:

The Freshman Class
And its Politics

 

 

 

A. T.

An Open Letter to the Class of 1945:

Last Week you took your ﬁrst step as a political unit
when you held nominations for your class officers.
With this you began your life as a political entity.

Today you ﬁnd yourselves organizing politically.
You are splitting into parties. You have a Commuters‘
Party. you have a dorm group. you have everything
that is needed for an election campaign -— a campaign
will culminate in the day that you go to the Commons
to cast your ﬁrst votes for your own officers.

That day will be a good one for you to remember.
Most of you will vote then — invariably, almost all
of the freshman class goes to the polls. and as each
class gets older. its members get less and less interested
in its politics. Most of you will go to the polls next
week and vote for someone whom you really think is
best suited for the office or for someone whom you
really like more than anyone else who is running. Re-
member that well, for it will probably be the last time
that any of you will vote with such a motive.

Uninliuenccd Vote to Disappear

Very soon more than half of you will join frater-
nities or sororities. From then on you will vote for
the person that your particular group is backing. There
is nothing wrong with such a thing. Everyone in a
pressure group invariably does it. You will not vote
for someone because you like them — you will vote
for them because they wear a certain pin.

Those of you who do not join any Greek group will
find that  time goes on. you will lose most of your
interest in poltics, and that eventually. you will not
bother voting. This too is easily understood. As a
group the Independents can never elect a candidate
of their own. and they soon get tired of merely adding
to the total vote of a machine-endorsed candidate.

It is needless to tell you more of what you are going
to do in the next two or three years. Not only would
you not believe it. but you will find out all these things
for yourselves when the time comes. More important
is what is going to happen this year.

You may not realize it, but the whole college will
be watching your elections closely. Ordinarily the
freshman elections are carefully followed because they
afford an insight into the political workings of tin-
class, and they present some idea of who the important
personalities of the class are going to be.

This year, however, one other thing is going to be
watched with even greater interest — what the women
are going to do.

Precedent Breaking '44 Paves Way

Last year. the Class of 1944 came to State College.
In many ways they showed themselves to be a re—
markablc group, but in politics they did things that
were almost unheard of. Using “Girls! Vote for a
girl." as their motto, they organized the more num-
erous women into a utiit that was almost un—
beatable. When the elections were over, the rest of
the college was astounded to see that the women had
taken seven of the ten class officers. and that they had
elected a woman as Class President for the first time
in 12 years. The present Sophomores went on to re-
clcct their president in May. and to make a woman
Secretary of Student Council.

The upper three classes of State will l)t' watching
you, the freshmen. to see if your woincii repeat. This
timc there is little doubt that the womcn of the class
of ‘45 can elect :nyonc whom they wish. Num-
cricaily lllol‘i.‘ superior than in past years, they also
have the udvzuilugc of last year’s precedent. There
is little doubt that if lhc women of Pierce Ilall solidly
back one candidate. that candidate will win.

'l‘hc uppcr thrv-c classes of State will be watching
you to scc what a group that is not. yci undt-i' ihc
inlluciic,- oi li'llll’i'lllilt‘s and sororities will do. ’l‘luy
will l)“ watching you to see which of your incmbci's
will show pi'oinisc of a Illllli'l‘.

'l‘llls wcck lhx show is all yours, Wlicn llic linu-
comes to volc. go to llic Common}. and cast your
ballot lor soinconc you honcriliy think is llu- bcsl for
the ol'iicc it you ai't- t-ligibic to votc, do not lilil lo
rlo so. Many t-lcciioir- lll't‘ dccitlcd by two or Iln‘ci-
\otc plui'uliticr-.. You may not rculixg ll. bul cacti
\ulc is llil])t)i'l..:lil

’l‘hc slugc is sci. and ihc uudicnt-c is \Hlllliil'. lill' you
iroshnn-n Give them :1 good show

The Weekly Bulletin

IiI.It\'Il‘. (til \( ll. vliiuiinin lllll IHIIIIIIHII'
'llo Iii‘l ’Illllllll \\.I. in '. on I'
l||‘lll on lip \Il.l\ .il .". iil Illllilill I“

l' \l m lz-mm Jo \il \,ll'l >\r; :.
ly in: Illliil int. -i llll mi ». no p \]

 

l mil.” Imt
\‘lill ltlllilll

lrii Illl'hl'll. ii" i I I‘ it
... .. - ., y (i.
I’rtwiticnl IN-lmlr (oum'il mm“ or". it Hi] I} I”
M IIIHAIthIIII'h HI whit 'U I'hilthnt pin:
\il ll'I'-llIl|l'lI l'nlvtrriiy Ii |iIllIil‘|I|.Iliia ol l\|ll‘,1
H hill,”- hip lllrllll"‘\ plum.- in il \llllllni‘lllill “ it"
will .il Iin- lil‘l'li't- oi llit, l’ \l
“Pyln'lllll' to -t |‘|il'| llllt‘i‘l‘h ltiriomr ;I \y \\|u.ih I‘Iub
ily N'lioihi‘dilp I‘i't'ill'lculcni now-ling, l.UllI|;.‘i’ 2i fill
I'III'JANH i'I.l II I‘ M.
I'llt‘wr- t‘hil. liit‘t'lr~ t-wry lu'lolwi‘ L": Hall. (‘lub
‘ int-cling, Itooni Nil. 7 fit)
room of ilu- lii'W dorm All l'. Iii.

Ii'cshnuvn inlrrmlml in i'licss
arc Ili'gt-tl to attend.
Hill'iAl. (ALIGNIJAII
ticlolit'r I7 SI‘A t‘lioi'ilii,
Lounge, .‘tziib l’. M.
ticloln-r l7 Hophoinoro ro-
m-pliou for freshmen, Au-

Ul'litlil'l' :1: Nth-i li'oi'lltll.
Auditorium, Mill l'. M.
ticlohrr 25f llchalu i‘ouncll
Ilil‘l‘illlﬂ, iiooni 130, Hill)
1’. M.
«winner 2:: WAA banquet.

l‘uchI-rln. “ill” I'. M.

’l‘hurrolny night in Ilu- llllli!‘

 

 

 

PAGE " “i

 

 

 

 

 

 i

 

\
l ’7.)

. 
T“, I! ~‘

Battle of Arms and Legs,

 

 

Volulut- XI

1 , " 1

bodies as caught by the
riches were ulled in this struoqle of arms, legs and

:qaomglloman duringpa rough and tumble co-ed soccer game at MorolesierI ('Ioil'egai, 
Paul, Minn. Determined and grlmaclng as they hold for the hell are. at o to ,

 

. The sport is port of q
' Nelson, lols Gossmon, Ruth Baron and Arlene torso"
Examined physical ediicotion program including Virtually every student at Macolaster.

 

 

 

