 

 

 

 

0

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

. . Established May,1916
.,_ g by the Class of 1918

Vol. xxvr Friday, November 7, 11m, No. s
Member Distributor
_-Aaaociated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
. The under rnduute newspaper of the New York Stnte Col-
lege for eachers published every Friday of the college
year by the. NEWS Board for the Student. Association.
Phones: Office, 5-0373; Dorrnnce, 3-28-13; Ilolsicin, 5-2815
lirunwald, 3-
Enfered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., pesto/lice.

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 3'
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publish" Representative
420 MADIeON Ava. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICIOO ' BOITDI ' MAICIIII ‘ 5AM FlAICIIO.

The New; Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE - - -
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN - -

 

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-lN-CHIEF

A. HARRY PABBOW - - - MANAGING EDITOR
MADELINE GRUNWALD - « auerEss MANAGER
HARRIET DEFOREST - - ADVERTISING MANAGER

ALLEN SIMMONS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL - - - - SPORTS EDITOR

 

MURIEL SCOVELL - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ANDREW TAKAS - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1941

Contrast in Comedy—-

Bernadette L. Sullivan—-——-—-

Contra‘st in comedy was the theme
of election evening’s dramatic en—
tertainment, contrast between the
bumpkin and sophisticated double-
entendre types.

Barbara Kerlin directed a one-
act play based on the deMaupassant
short story “En Famine." This was
the “low” comedy. Depending on
slatuation for its laughs, the offering
amused, yet failed to be as funny as
one might expect, considering the
plot.

Must all people who live in a rur-
al area have an accent patterned
after Lum and Abner? Miss Kcrlin's
direction evidently placed emphasis
on this patently artiﬁcial mode of
speech; so much so that Vera Wil-
lard, Art Collins, Gertrude Myers
and Bob Loucks failed to rise above
its cumbersome shackle.

Not until Bob White appeared on
the scene was there an integration
of dialogue and action. Mr. White
almost had the feature spot in the
play stolen from under his nose by
a diminutive pert pixie of a fresh-

  

man. Betty Clough’s lovable head-
scratching brat of ten was pan-
tomime of the best quality.

At the other end of the comic
scale was the production directed
by Kay Martin. It was an opium
addict’s version of Egypt: :1 beauti-
ful dream with a hash-ish basis. As
Cheops might have said, “Home was
never like thisl”

Jane Curtis was a voluptuous if
ruthleSs queen. However, it was
June Melville in the role of a scant-
ily-clad, undulating slave girl who
took the spotlight.

Rod Fraser as a doddering an~
cient proved fine foil to the young
Pharoah portrayed by James Mc-
Feeley. This was the first monarch
we’ve seen who was a cross between
Koko of “The Mikado,” and Henry
Aldrich.

Pleasant innovation: entr‘acte
song and dance numbers. Dody
Aungst offered a toe dance. Janet
Chapman and Earle Snow’s duet
“Indian Love Call" deserves an en—
core in the immediate future.

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications,
as such expressions do not necessarily rollccr. its view.

The Problem at Hand

With the democratic world challenged by
Hitler, educators have begun to clamor for
more democracy. in the schools. Some would
like it actively practiced, some taught ob-
jectively like any other course, and some
would even want it indoctrinated. Despite
their disagreement as to method, they are
almost unanimous in seeking an active, dem—
ocratic public opinion.

But, it may be asked, how can a vigorous
appreciation of democracy be carried to the
people when the teachers who are to be
charged with the task have little more con-
ception of the subject than those whom they
are to teach? In no better way can this be
shown than by an examination of the view-
point of ourselves, typical students of a typi-
cal professional teacher’s college.

Gene‘ally we show little interest in the
world about us. Events at home and abroad
are occurring which may uproot us from our
placid lives. Yet few of us are aware of
them. We read the daily newspapers only
occasionally. Few of us could offer intelli-
gent, well-informed opinions on defense
strikes, price-control legislation, or American
foreign policy. We are so lost in the small,
artificial college world that we can spare
little time or interest for the real one.

Yet we are the people who will be sent
out into the touching world to educate the
youth for dcmoc‘ucy. How, with such a
narrow point of view, can we possibly meet
our obligation? Certainly if we as teachers
are uninformed about devolopmcnls and
events in the world, it is reasonable to us-
sumc that those whom we teach shall be
equally uninformed.

If the educators of this country want an
active, vigoroust dcmoc 'atic public opinion,
they must first begin to educate the tcnchcrs.
No amount of wishful thinking by educators
will create in youth dcmoc 'ntic opinions. The
change must first occur in the tcuchcrs, and
then in those whom thcy touch.

This then is the immcdinlc problcm of
educators. However they may dispose of it
———whcthcr by more current events classes,
more vital dcbutcs, more outside lectures, or
even by moving picturcs and radio broadcasts
in college classrooms — a solution must comc
before there tun cmcrgc from tho schools in
Well-informed, domocrnlic cilizr-nry.

Streamlined Typography

The STATIC ('(llJJCHl'I NEWS has pusscd
another phase in its croiution. Following
modern typogranii’iicul trends, it has climin-
atcd column rules and dashes, achieving a
greater contrast between paper and ink.

For this semester at least, the NEWS
Bonrd feel free in glulrantocing that the
make—up of the paper will undergo no more
drastic changes.

new We Q/amm

 

 

Wendell Cady

Don't look now, but we have fin-
ally located a draftee who is en-
joying his stay in the army. He is
none other than Les Gerts. State
College grad, class of '41. Les was
forced to resign from the teaching
position to which he had been ap—
pointed at Washingtonville. and
climb into uniform at Fort Niagara
last September. In spite of the dras-
tic changes in his plans, Gcrdts is
determined to enjoy his new sur-
roundings. Les likes army life and
says the food is swell. He adds that
the work is hard, but it‘s interest-
ing (especially the week ends).

Meets Other State Students

Les Gerdts entered the army at
the same time as did Leon Wood-
worth and Sam Ramanchek. They
found Wilfred Thomas and Dennis
Dole already at Fort Niagara and
had a reunion. Gerdts, Woodworth.
and Romanchck were soon assign-
ed to Fort Belvoir. Va.. where they
located two other State College
grads. Bob Mai'gison and Bob Hertcl.

Gcrcus is now a gunner in Co. C,
6th Batallion, Engineers Replace-
ment Training Center. but he too
is an applicant for transfer to avia-
tion. He hopes to become a naviga-
tor if he is unable to meet the phys-
ical requirements for pilot. Les has
attained the rank of sharpshooter
in spite of the fact that shooting
practice is the only thing that is
giving him any trouble. He has al-
ready bccn made a squad leader.
and is in charge of ten men.

Takes Ton-Milo IIikc

Recently his outfit was taken on
u ton-mile, full puck hikc, and also
asked to solve a night problem.
This meant constructing a bridge
in total darkness, in 2‘2 hours for
congressional inspection.

They also have been getting, plenty
of combat training. This consists
mainly of crawling on onc‘s bclly
across stubblc fields under a 96 de-
grcc sun drcsscd in woolcn OD's.
field helmets. and leggings.

For further details write to Les
(lcrdts, Co. C, 6th Battalion. Eu-
glill'lll's chluccmcnt Training Ccn-
tcr, Fort Bclvoir. Vu.

 

 

Mary Studebaker

What is this thing called glamour?
Webster defines it as fascination,
witchery. Hmm—the last definition
even gives the bleary-eyed lassies
struggling to 8:10'5 a chance. Call
it what you will, glamour is un-
deniably the goal of every girl from
the moment she sheds her braces
and attends her first formal at dear
old Podunk High, until the fated
moment when she "lands" him. Af-
ter that the glitter is apt to turn
slightly green.

Queen Duff Has Theory

Nevertheless some of the girls do
very well during the campaigning.
Some even get to be campus queens.
like Marion Duffy, for instance. If
anyone was ever qualified to speak
upon glamour, it's Queen Duff, and
she has a theory on the subject
which holds hope for every would-
bc i‘emme fatalc.

First, Queen Duff emphasizes,
glamour should be a natural quality,
not a veneer that the wearer puts on
as she would a new shade or finger-
nail polish. Naturalness and sinceri—
ty are Queen Duff‘s two outstand-
ing ingredients. She especially dis—
likes the “one hour" glamour girl,
whose charm soon diminishes before
her nrtificiality. This is the type
who laughs too loudly and dresses
a little too sensationally. Hand in
hand with the “one hour" glamour
girl is “the show must go on" girl.
For this lady, all the world‘s a
stage. and she's the only one on it.
‘Bc Natural’ Duffy

As to appearance in dress. the
Queen feels that naturalncss and
simplicity arc the best guides. Still
more important is good grooming. It
isn't the girl with a frowsy hair-do
or crooked stocking scams who
brings home the bacon—or ham, as
the case may be. The Queen espe-
cially likes to see a girl dressed to
type and occasion. In short. Queen
Duff's theory on glamour can be
slimmed up best in two words. nat-
urnlncs.s and ncatness. Here then is
the glamour girl of 194l——thc sin-
ccrc natural type a la Duffy. And
for this wc say, “Long live the
Queen."

 

Myskania, Hold That Poise

 

Dear Editor:

thn I was a l'rcshnmn I had an
zuvlr-inspircd rcspccl. for Myskuniu.
which was nonrishcd by l‘.u- mcm-
bcrs lhcmsclu-s who by their dig—
nity llll(l dccormn sccmcd quitc aloof
from lhc rcsi ol' Ihc student body.

Now I nlll n Scnior and my ideas
have chungcd, but I would still like
to soc lhc liiltlt'l'ClliStilllCll look up in
Mysknnlu us I did.

Onc of the minor cur-murks cf
Myskuniu which is lacking today is
the upright posture of the body
whilo sitting on the stage. 'f‘hcy sat
Sll‘tll;lll, arms folded rcross their
chests, knccs togclhcr, l'cct logcthcrh
and their morturbmrrds straight on
their heads. In other words-Ahoy
looked very imposing.

This year‘s body is entirely clif-
i'crcnt. 'I‘hcy practically lounge on
their chairs ((auch week one of three

Student Forum -——-——_.‘___

of tho mcuibcrs may be seen with
one fool. up on his kuch and tho
rskish angles their hats assume arc
rcnlly humorous. Why don't they
dccidc on an angle and slick lo it?
’l‘hcy scldom cross thcir arms on
thcir nbdomcns after their fur from
solcnm walk across the stage,

’I‘hcy rcmind me of a bunch of
subs on the bcnch in a football stu-
dium whcn lhc gumc isn’t going so
wcll. ’I‘hcir dcjcclcd posturc is not
ill kccping \villl lllifil' cxullcd posi-
lion~nnd position is cvcl'ylhing in
life. They should follow the army
men’s cxamplc.

This is a plea for a return to the
old ways. Let's have a neat and
consistently imposing group face us
eiicll” Friday morning or else none
11’ a .

A Sticklcr for Tradition.

    
   

The United States
Enters the War

 

4.7.

Without anyone’s realizing it —— without anyonc's
knowing when or how the ﬁrst step was taken. the
United States has entered into an active war with
Nazi Germany.

There can be no doubt that the United States is
a nation at war. Of course, there has been no dec—
laration, but in the state of the world today. none is
necessary. All the other elements are there —- ultimate
threats, aggressive acts, and ﬁnally, open ﬁghting.

Two weeks ago there were not many citizens of the
United States who would have admitted that We were
a nation actively engaged in a war. Today most of
them are prepared to make that admission.

Once more we have stumbled and slid into a conflict
without seeming to wish to do so. Our entry into the
Second World War was not accomplished by any per—
ceptible series of steps — that is, from day to day. we
did not realize what was happening. Now as we look
back, the whole story is a clear one. showing an inevit-
able trend toward participation in the conflict — but
things always look different in retrospect.

The night of the torpedoing of the Kearney was an
important one. This vessel was the ﬁrst American

worship that had been attacked success-
Fifsl fully. The morning after, the American

 

Ammcm people were given their ﬁrst opportunity
. in more than twenty years to see a list of
(“Will‘s names of men in the ﬁghting forces of
their country—a list headed “Killed in

Action."

Still there was more to come.

On the night of October 31, the United States des—
troyer Reuben James was torpedoed and sunk. Of its
crew. 98 men were killed.

There can be no doubt that this constitutes war.
When they were attacked, both the Kearney and thc
Reuben James were convoying merchant ships in the
North Atlantic ocean. They were both torpedoed by
submarines with which they were in combat — they
were both torpedoed by submarines which they them—
selves were trying to sink.

“The shooting has started,” declared Franklin D.
Roosevelt. the night after the Kearney was struck.
The gist of his speech that night was that the United
States had done all it could to avoid active embroil-
ment in the European war, and that its navy had been
attacked by the Germans.

Practically speaking, we have involved ourselves.
We are doing almost as much now as if we had dc-
clarcd war. Up to now our appropriated Lend-Leasc
aid to the nations opposing Germany totals $12,985.-
000,000. Our warships are convoying merchantmcn

across the Atlantic with goods for Britain.
Gama" Our navy has orders to "shoot on sight" any
Hand German submarines seen in the North At-
Fomed lantic. It may be true that the Germans have

ﬁred the ﬁrst shot, but the United States
must take credit for forcing them to the position
where they had no alternative but to ﬁre.

At any rate. the United States is at war today. Its
leaders, its newspapers. its people all recognize that
fact. True, we will not see a declaration of war
against Germany for a long time yet, but that is be—
cause we can ﬁght better as a technical non-belli-
gerent. Whether we openly declare belligerency or
not. we are now sending as lnuch aid as we can. Wc
are producing armaments to the limit of our capa-
city. wc are actively ﬁghting.

We, the citizens of the United States, think of our—
selves ns 11 peace-loving people. It is hard for us to
think of ourselves as a lighting nation. But cvcn now.
when we pick up our paper to road of the latest sink-
ing of an American ship. or of the latest deaths of
Americans, we are forced to realize that, whether Wc
wish it or not. we are a nation at war.

a: =lx r *

(The author of this column would welcome all com»

ments, criticisms, or suggestions from the rcudcrs of
the S'I‘A’I‘M Clll.l.l6lil'l ans.)

The Weekly Bulletin

 

 

\i'A l':i;:l' Hull gym, Ill .\. _\|
'l'lII'l'I' Will lil‘ :l Illi'i‘llIlL', Novollliwl' H Iii-in 7min l|'-l.
of :Ill Ni'.\ I‘lllliluyl'cs lll lloilsl‘. 5i I'. .\l.
“11' I.\illllllli'lllill Imlny llll .\uvI-mh-r N Sigma l.:ii|ll'
nil-Illulcly nl'lcr :lrml'llllll)’. Il.I Slum” rush lull‘li. Hill
N'nlors lcnchlln.r lll ||:.'i.'z Hilngi-I'Iullils firmnonw
.\. .\l mus! conlncl mo |wl'» Hum-s lmvo nl H l'. \l
Millillll'I'. .\’o olhcr slum-Ills \.,\,.,,,|,,.,. \ 1'“; l.,‘.,. H .n .
\\'lll 'lu- cxcuscli from this .|;.;..-.r, l‘nlh-gc' llnllw
:IppolnlIm-ul. I'. \l. ‘
lu'u-lyu .\|. NIIIIIII, Volomlu-r ll NI‘WIIIJII l'illl'
HilIIlI-Ilt lilrcI'lor. I'urpomll- ('«Illlllllllll .1.
I'lvill.\lll)tll'l'l \‘i'l‘l'll'il'l' “"“WL ‘
lin-lukcs lulu-n uflcr Ibis ‘\,l. llr'l'ﬂ‘l‘ml‘ “'1”;
\vm-k will ho! ho pill in tho .‘ 1”" "'1‘" “VI'P' “ M
lwlnunmm Non-mln-r Ill \‘cwumu l' Itlv
5mm“. “H,” I‘onl'ol'l-ncl- on scx illillﬁll
“mum I‘ly‘ for \voIm-n. l.u|l|l;.‘t'.
. , ‘ w ::.'o I'. ,\I,
.NHHL HLMHMI NII\'I'lIilII'l‘ Io l'icrm- no:
.\o\'molwr7 Sndlc lluwklns Upon lll'llhl‘ l‘lcrcu- llull
‘lluy hunt. n .\. .u. mm c. .u. '
.\|I\‘I'Ililil‘l' 7 St'.\ l‘horns, .\'o\'cm|wr ll l‘lnsslw I!”
dmungc. lizllll l’. M. uol llll‘t'l.
.\o\'I-Inhcl' 7 Thomas .\lo|'c Novcluiwrl‘.‘ Nl-wmun (‘lllll
coul'crcncc on l'ulhnlll'

Illlillh'i' hul'vcsl purly iillll
auncc, llounc. N I'. .\l. scx morulilv f I‘ III '“
.\tl\'t'|lllll'l' 7 Kappa lh-lln Lonnizc, lint”. P. if]. i i
it!” \liliﬂll party, llousc, Novcmiu-r I: liclmh-(‘ollll
_ .H .. .- ",‘-.‘l
Novcmlu-r 7--»(‘:Iulcrhul'y l'. .l‘llullnky “Hum JL L“
(‘luh dnncc. SI. Andrcw's

:zhu‘Ir‘h hurish house, i,- MHM’” H “pl “yum”

'lmuugc. Iitllli
.\o\‘omlu-r iii Sigumn Lune

.\U\'t‘lillici' b’ Foul-lug class, Ills lllliiil'l'. Snyh-s Hull.

Jinn-nu 91w.

 

 

 

State's Faculty

 

Discuss Problems
At Orientation

Freshmen Receive Advice
On Fraternities, Sororities

The fraternity-sorority problem.
that annually presents itself to
entering freshmen, was dealt with
differently this year when Dr. D.
V. Smith. Professor of Social Stud-
ies, and Dr. Caroline Lester. In-
structor in Mathematics, discussed
the subject in the Freshman Orien-
tation class, Monday.

While the girls of ’45 Were being
educated along sorority lines, the
boys received information about
fraternities from Dr. Smith who
advised them to join a fraternity
if possible. “But,” he said, “don‘t
join any fraternity, if you have to
consider the cost of membership.
You should choose your fraternity
on the basis of its members —-
whether or not they are the sort
of fellows you want to be with."
The freshmen were also told that
it is better to refuse bids from a
fraternity, if it is not the one of
their choice.

But Dr. Smith went on to enum—
erate the advantages of being a
member of a fraternity. He declar-
ed that a fellow is sure to be “in
on all the social events" of the
college through the fraternity; and
he especially noted that life in a
fraternity house cannot be equaled.

Opportunities for leadership and
the provision of a place to live
were emphasized by Dr. Lester as
being among the functions. advan—
tages and beneﬁts of a sorority.
In return, it was explained, incin-
bers were under certain obligations
to their sor'ority——payinelit of dues
regularly. working on sorority un-
dertakings and living at the sur-
ority house sometime during their
college course.

The group that really wants to
“get in" was told to take an in-
terest in school activities so that
they might become acquainted with
more sorority girls.

With an eye to pledging day and
its disappointments, Dr. Lester dc-
clarcd that she will be glad to have
individual conferences with any
girl about sororities.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1941

Fraternities, Sororities
Pledge New Members

They're oifl Several State
College sororities and fraterni-
ties haVe pledged new mem-
bers. Maybe its to get in
practice.

Wendell Cady, '43, a trans-
fer student, accepted a mem-
bership bid this week from the
Edward Eldred Potter Club.
Psi Gamma received a new
pledge, Flora Gaspary, '43, and
Mary Studebaker, ’44, pledged
Gamma Kappa Phi. Kappa
Beta pledged Irwin Steinberg,
graduate student.

At a. formal initiation cere-
mony on Wednesday night.
Kappa Delta received the fol-
lowing honorary members: Dr.
William H. Hartley, Professor
of Guidance; Dr. James W.
Childers, Assistant Professor of
Spanish; Mr. James Cochrane,
Supervisor of English.

 

State College Library
Obtains New RecOrds

Ballads, Poems, Plays Form
Selection of 100 Recordings

It has been brought to the atten—
tion of the library directors that the
students are unaware of the fact
that the State College Library con-
tains approximately 100 records
consisting of ballads, poems, and
plays which are available for use
by the students.

Fifty records, formerly property
of the Summer Session Office, were
presented to the State College Li—
brary. Professor Wright Thomas.
member of the Summer Session
Faculty. gave an album of Shakes-
pearian recordings. At present there
are two volumes, namely “Chain
Gang" and “Old World Ballads in
America.” which have been earned
through the proceeds of the Thurs-
day afternoon concerts of last year.

Included in the various albums
are the complete Mercury Text rec-
ords and the play, “The Merchant
of Venice." and also excerpts from
“Abe Lincoln in Illinois."

These records may be taken out
by students overnight; or over the
weekend.

Traveler Brings Orient Closer to Students
By Lecturing on Japanese Lite, Customs

by Gordon Baskin, ’45

George Bernard Shaw once said,
“It is a shame to waste youthlon
youth." Miss Catherine Smith,
beautiful, vivacious, a college grad-
uate, a traveler 0f the Orient, and
a former teacher in a college In
Japan, is only twenty-three years
old. This disprovcs Mr. Shaw‘s state-
ment because Miss Smith is an ex—
ampie of youth well spent and ap-
preciatcd.

Miss Smith came to SLJLC College
not as a student. but as the cam-
pus guest of the Student Christian
Association. She spent her tnnc
taking part in student activities and
lecturing to various organizations
concerning her travels.

A typical co—cd. she attended
Ohio Wesleyan College, graduating
in 1940. It was during this time that
Miss Smith forlncd hcr opinions.
philosophies, and ideas. To hclp her
fellow man and crcutc a world
brolhcrhood is lhc undrrlying nm-
bilion of hcr lilo,

Immediately after she was grad-
uutcd, Miss Smith secured u pist—
lion with a missionary college In
Japan. "School is very dllicrnnl
there," said Miss Smith. "When tho
students play they play. but whcn
they work they work." She bchcvcs
this pcrscvcrum-c is what wc Amor-

   

PLENTY OF
PARKING SPACE

 

ammunition

 

ican college students lack. “Their
soci.:l liie differs greatly also. They
dislike kissing and hugging and
spend their leisure time in sports."

Because of the acutcncss of diplo—
matic relations between the United
States and Japan, Miss Smith‘s
passport was revoked by our State
Department. She was forced to re—
lurn home. “The gravity of our rc-
l.etions Willi Japan is greatly exag-
gerated." she said. “The poor pcOplc
of Japan who comprise the great
majority of the population are de-
l‘initcly opposcd :o a war with the
United Slntcs. Thc govcrmncnt offi-
cials may create enmity through
their spccchcs, bu: they will not act
bccuusc they know lhc lcmpcrnncul
ol' the people."

Mi H Smith will remain in lhc
Unich Slnlcs nnlil lhc l'ol'cign sil—
unlion clcul's up. Shc is cxcccdingiy
anxious to return to Japan to con-
lillllc her work dospilc udvcrsc con-
dilions. licr (lll_\’ objcclion is
"'I‘hcro urcn’: on :n‘:h Amcricnn mcn
in anun. bul lhcy don‘t mcuu so
lunch unywuy."

M as Smilh will finish this scho—
l stic ycur visiliu 1 lhc various Stu-
dent Cln'i t'un AI is ~clullons through-
out New York and New England.
describing licl' ll'nvcls in lho Oricnt.

 

Morris Diner  
40c and 45c Dinners

234 Central Ave.
 N! Y'

= x1: -- : .-. .1: my: .v

   

 

WE NEVER
CLOSE

  

Itaura:narraaaanamaaannasssnaasastigmatism

 

Student Auditor

State Instructor in Art

 

 

Initiates Work

The position of “Student Auditor"
sounds like books, pencils, figures
and more figures. It sounds like
boredom and hours of hard, trying
Work and probably will be all that.
Yet under the burden of the form-
ality and impressiveness of the
newly created Student Association
office is the bubbling, exciting per-
sonality of Ellen Delfs. For such a
small package as Miss Delfs, the
amount of energy she carries around
with her is forever a surprise to her
friends.

Appointed a week ago to set up a
uniform system of bookkeeping for
school organizations, she believes
that this will serve as a basis from
which the Student Association can
determine next year‘s expenditures.

Already she has had one meeting
with the treasurers of the different
organizations and has shown them
what type of books are to be used
and how they are to be set up.

“I'm not fooling myself about the
amount of work necessary for this
job," she says. “I will probably
have to go over each set of books
once or twice a month, the frequen-
cy depending upon the volume of
lhe bookkeeping encountered."

Takes Busmon's Holiday

“Painting gave me a. good ex-
cuse to buy a car,” laughs Miss
Grace Martin, Art Instructor,
in reference to her frequent
visits to the countryside where
she records its scenic beauties.

Her water color exhibit,
which now graces the walls
on the second floor of Draper,
consists of realistic examples of
landscape and still art, which
incredibly enough were com-
pleted individually in a mere
two hours time.

At the close of this exhibit,
November 7, MiSS Martin along
with Miss Jean S'uhrie, a new-
comer to the Art staff, will
present an exhibition of crafts
featuring their works in cera-
mics and jewelry.

  

 

Service Group Pledges Three

Three sophomores, Arthur Corn-
wall. Donald Demick, and Warren
Walker, have pledged Epsilon Tau
Omega, the State College Service
Club Fraternity. Pledge service will
be conducted for them on Monday,
November 10, at Sayles Hall, at
7:30 P. M.

 

8.95

,jcrscy dross

lircd fall wardrobe

crin all day long.

Sizcs i) to lb.

 

THE DICKlE DRESS

A perennial favorite is the two-piece
group of them to freshen up your

has its own spanking white i’uillc
dickic which will keep you looking
A new dress for
thc office or classroom will give you
it fresh sluni on things.
black, co '21], or light blue.

JUNIOR liltlill‘Sl‘lS .

   

4-4131' ‘ I.

All NORTII PEARL

We have u now

. this one

in toast,

.HI’I'IImf ll'lmu'

 

 

    

visual  .

A member of state’s faculty, Dr.
William H. Hartley, has been select-
ed as one of the speakers at the 215i:
annual meeting of the National
Council for Social Studies in in-
dianapolis, November 20-22. Dr.
Hartley, Professor of Guidance, is
also Assistant Principal for Tech
nlcal and Visual Aids in Milne.

His talk, scheluled for Thanksgiv-
ing Day, will be a review of the
more recent 16 millimeter sound
films made available within the
past year. Dr. Hartley has planned a
discussion of the sources, conditions
and prices under which the films
may be obtained and intends to dis-
tribute general source lists of films
for public schools.

Various types of films will be il-
lustrated with recent examples so
that approximately five films will
be shown for the benefit of those
attending the convention.

His recently published book, So-
lccted Films for American History
and Problems, illustrates Dr. Hart-
ley's qualifications for addressing a
division of the National Education
Association. In this he has evaluated
all school films ever produced up to

940.

 

 

 

 

ammo-sum. w

ﬂag»

 

g yr~y~>

s

“3,40% : .

nan—MMV‘N‘“ was. M. sq:- :1 ~

