    
    

 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

   
  

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
     

Wyndham .  ‘1' 

t

< m m::.n;...,,(,.e,pgm

 

 

 

 

 

..  nami.m.\n..... . .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Establlched May, 1916
by the Clan of 1918

Friday, December '5. 1941
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Bonrd'for the Student; Association.
Phones: Office, 5-9373; Dorrnnce, 3-2843; Holstein, 5-2815:
Grunwnid, 3-9538.

Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., pasta/lice.

Vol. XXVI NO. 11

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING DY

National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

‘20 MADISON AVI. ‘le YORK. N. V.

cmuoo - Boston 0 Loo AlIllll - sun Fulcuco

 

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE -
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN - -- —-
A. HARRY PASSOW — - —
MADELINE GRUNWALD — —
HARRIET DEFOREST — -—
ALLEN SIMMONS — -
CARL MITCHELL —
FLORA GASPARY — - —
MURIEL SCOVELL — — —
DAVID SLAVIN -— — -— —
ANDREW TAKAS — - -- --

- EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF

MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Shines will be withheld upon request.
The STATE (,‘Ol'Jil'lillG Nit‘WS ussumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communienilons'.
as such expressions do not. necessarily reflect its view.

Profit or Health?

Reports indicate that Student Council will
install a nickel milk dispensing machine near
the Annex, profits from which will go to the
cafeteria management. Such a step would
bring the milk situation in the Annex to a
head. Whether it will prove to be the solu-
tion remains to be seen.

A 10 9f profit on any item is a large prof-
it; but when such a profit has been realized
as the Annex has been realizing it for the
past three months on a food like milk, it be-
comes exorbitant and unjust. Yet even the
question of the 100 '/n proﬁt is academic when
one considers the health problem it creates.

Milk is by far the most important single
item sold in the Annex. It is a health essential
in the diets of growing Milne children and
adult State College students. Yet to buy this
vital protective food, considered almost medi-
cinal by health authorities, student consum—
ers have been forced to pay twice its wholesale
value. Rather than pay, large numbers of
students of both schools, some of them under-
nourished, prefer to do without the food.

Discounting the justice of a 1003f profit
and considering only the health risk, it can
be easily seen why milk is the last item whose
price should have been 'aiscd.

Few people in State College are qualified to
speak on the cost and sale of food despite the
large number of Commons and Publications
Office dieticians and cafeteria managers. Yet
even a child can recognize that there is some—
thing fundamentally unjust in a 100% profit
on milk. With such a price, the Annex be—
comes a burden other than a service to the
school.

No doubt the nickel machine will prove
pleasing to the students of the college. But
in dealing with a situation that involves two
parties, the interests of both should be con-
sidered. Perhaps the 100'; profit on milk
has been vital in preventing the collapse of
the Annex and Cafeteria as commercial cu-
tcrprises. if this is two the profit lost on milk
must be made up on some other item.

If the NEWS might make a suggestion, it
would urge the Cafeteria management to
make up the difference (if that difference is
vital) by raising prices on luxury items like
sweets (candy bars), soft drinks, salads and
desserts.

The only logical basis for the existence in
a school of a (.‘aftcria and Annex i.' as a scr~
vice to the students of the school. Other
than this it has no reason for existence.
When prices become unjust and unreason-
able, the Cafeteria no longer fulfills its pur—
pose. With this in mind, it can be readily

seen why above all the price of milk must be
kept within reason.

STATE COLLEGE NEVISIFRIDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1941

It Is Better To Give

 

To the Students:

The Campus Chest drive is starting Monday. What
are YOU going to do about it? Will a seasonal spirit

prevail?

One concentrated drive will make possible larger con-

tributions to worthy causes.

Your contributions must

suffice for a year. Please give accordingly and show

State what State can do.

The $500 quota means an average contribution of
ﬁfty cents per student—less than one cent a week. No

smaller donation is imaginable.

Come on, let’s top

that quota. Let’s make this a big success!
The Campus Chest Committee

 

.3“; ml WW 1%

 

Wendell Cady

Frederick Day, State College Grad,
Class of ’41, is another alumnus who
has made the ranks of the Aviation
Cadets. On September 4 of this year.
Fred left Albany and headed south.
Day arrived in Montgomery, Ala..
in the midst of its worst hot spell
to start his elementary flight train-
ing. His time was taken up with
about 3 hours drill. 4 hours spent in
class. plus code practice and a par-
ade daily. He says that the upper-
classmen went in for hazing in a
way that made pledge period look
“like an afternoon at the beach.”
Like Training School

This went on for a period of about
4 weeks without his having a chance
to get near a plane. Then he was
transferred to the primary school at
Arcadia, Fla. Fred seems to think
that Cai'lstrom Field is the finest
primary flight training school in the
country. and his description of the
place seem to justify this opinion.
Just picture this layout if you will:
six tennis courts. a swimming pool
surrounded by palm trees (with
plenty of beach chairs for relaxing),
two open air dance floors with a
white marble band canonl’. and a
beautiful mess hall. And there's
more! Quote: “These Southern girls
are all right." Wait fellas, don't
start for the recruiting station. After
all there is already a shortage of
men on the campus.

Life in this particular branch of
the army includes rising at 5:30
AM. I knew you'd begin to weaken
at that.

Passes Check Flight

Fred was worried about the cost
of the planes and feared that he
would never be allowed to solo. He
insists that his instructor believes
in gambling as he was allowed to
take complete command of a ship
after nine hours of instruction. The
latest report is that he has also
passed his twenty hour check flight.

I guess the “Southern girls" can't
equal the “Yanks.” as rumor has it
that Fred has his eye on a girl from
Utica and is looking forward to the
day when he can finish his bitch
in the army and get hitched per—
manently. For further information
write to Aviation Cadet Frederick
Day. Emboy-Riddlc Co.. Cai'lstrom
Field. Arcadia. Fla.

tMy sincere apologies to Fred Day
and the United Statcs Recruiting
Service,»

 

 

Mary Studebaker

Casey Would Waltz with the
Strawberry Blond—and why? Prob-
ably because she know how to look
her best on formal occasions. Girls
still like to stagger the stag lines at:
dances. and since there are plenty
of them coming up during the holi-
days, let’s take inventory of our
prom-trotting knowledge.

Don’t be afraid to go dramatic for
formal fashions. It’s the one time
you can get away with it. Remember
your face, as well as your gown.
must be vivid and alive. Dont de-
pend on your every day make-up.
since artiﬁcial lighting has a way of
washing out perfectly good features,
if they are not accentuated enough.
If you don't want to have that. par-
don us. “ﬁve o'clock look" at formal
dances. you will plan and apply your
make-up carefully.

New Evening Powders

Start with a good powder bus“.
If you’re really ambitious. try Alex-
ander de Markoff‘s evening powders
in light green or lavender. Don’t
shudder —— these powders will make
your complexions annear very white
and translucent. But be sure what-
ever powder you choose won’t need
retouching every few minutes. If
this is one of your problems. try
a slightly heavier powder for evc-
ning.

With lip stick. rouge. and eye
make-up. the danger lies in over or
under appliance. While you don't
want a mask effect. each feature
must be well outlined. Make sure
your lip-line is definite and clear
out. To insure this. draw the outline
with your lip stick. blot. and then
ﬁll in. The darker your lip stick.
the more prominent your mouth will
be.

Avoid Eye Shadow

One rule for eye make-up -— never
mascara your lower lashes. To avoid
that baby doll look. try darkening
only the outer upper lashes. As far
eye shadow. steer clear! It is dan-
gerous to handle successfully. Rouge
is personal to each individual. How
much or how little to wear depends
upon her taste and coloring. Never
apply it. however. in a complete cir-
cular motion.

Next week we'll go to gowns. flow-
ers. accessories, and additional
touches for solree smoothies.

 

Mathematics In Dramatics

 

"l‘is claimed in mathematics books
that the whole is greater than any
of its parts. Advanced Drainutics
has its own ideas on the statement.

Take for example. the play di-
rected by Jacqueline Show. Who
could pick out the ballerina-like
movements of Swartout, the ennui
of Zilllcs, the bizarre set. even the
perfect tragedy portrayed by Gerber
and any that this or this or this
"blade" the play?

Miss Shaw knit inc characters,
plot and action of the allegory into
a single unit, ’l‘ruly, this whole was
greater than any of its parts.

0n the other hand, Jean 'l‘i'acy
ably refuted our axiom. She pre~
sented a good play. but its recom-
mendation is based on two of the
component parts: the deft handling
of dialogue by Betty Taylor and
Betty Murston; and the performance
of Vince Miller.

Misses Taylor and Marston rc~
quired a few minutes to work from
American into clipped, British tones

Bernadette Sullivan—“r

 

and then to the intelligible and lil-
Lelligent accept which they used
for the remainder of the scene.

They tossed their lines buck and
forth with the speed of u Jul 11 lill
bull. setting a new high for play tem-
po on the State stage.

However. it was Vince Miller‘s
turning worm that. highlighted the
show. The audience laughed heartily
when Henry slapped his mother-in—
luw and cursed his wife in dropped
"h" English cxplctlvc.

Still. Miller made that laughing
audience see a little more than n
lieiipeolmd spouse. ilc created a
symbol. u composite of all men whose
wives are "mean and cold and re-
spcctnblc." Here was a part that. for
ovcrshudowud the whole.

To the musical portion of the en-
tcrtutnment. We apply another ax-
iom: the whole is equal to the sum
of its parts. When the parts are
Jean Chapman and Earle Snow and
the whole, “Maytlmc”, need any
more be said?

SW.-

A New Code of Ethics

For the Freshman Class

 

 

 

4. ‘7.

Men and women of the freshman class:

Today’s orientation discussion will be devoted to the
fraternities and sororities which many of you either
have joined. or are about to Join. We shall discuss
speciﬁcally one point—how you, as a member of one
of these groups, will be expected to not. Your conduct
during the rest of your years at college will be gov-
erned by the principles about to be described.

To begin with, about half of you are going to join
a Greek-letter group. You who do not join may listen
out of curiosity, but you do not have much to gain
materially. You. the other half. have not been bid.
Because of that, you have very little to look forward
to as far as campus activities are concerned. You
will not have the opportunity to go to very many
dances or parties; you will never gain appointment to
any important post; you will have no chance whatso-
ever of winning any popular election. In short. becaus.n
you have not pledged a fraternity or a sorority. you
are doomed to being nonentities during your college
life. There are a few exceptions to this statement.
but their number is so small that they do not affect.
its truth materially. In short. you are out — become
resigned to it.

To those of you who have joined. there is much

more to be said. There are several things

FMMHIIIES that cvey fraternal organization demands
Demand of all its members. They can all be summed
Allegiance up in one word—loyalty.

First of all. you must be loyal to the
group iself. A fraternity is of necessity a single unit.
At all times it must work harmoniously. No matter
how much you dissent internally. you can never let it,
be known by any word or action of yours that you are
not in complete accord with your fraternity‘s stand.

At certain times throughout your college career. you
may wish to run for any one of several elective offices.
If you do this with the consent of your fraternity. it.
will actively support you. Every one of its members
will vote for you when he goes to the polls. The
price that you pay for this support is obvious —- you
in turn are expected to vote for every member of your
group that you can. It does not matter what you think
of his qualifications in comparison with the other nom-
inees. He is your brother. and you must vote for him.
If he be elected, the honor will redound to your group
and through it. to you.

If you are evor elected to an administrative position.
you must do as much as you can to help your fra-
ternity through your incumbency. When you are
making appointments to important positions or com-

_ mlttecs. you must do your best to avoid
APPOIHINS appointing anyone who will bring a coni-
Picked peting fraternity into prominence. Obvi—
ca'e‘uuy ously you cannot pick all your appointees

_ from your own brothers. As an alterna—
tive. you will pick them from an organization that
is affiliated to yours. To the other fraternities. you
will ordinarily dole out only the unimportant assign-
ments. In the interests of your own group, you can—
not do anything else.

You will be tempted to learn disrespect for the meni-
bcrs of all rival groups on the campus. It. matters
very little who your friends have been up to now.
Once you have put on a pledge pin, it. will be com-
paratively simple for you to discard them. and make
an entirely new set of friends among those who wear
the same pin as you. Your attitude toward the other
fraternities will rapidly change to one of ridicule. It
will make no difference to which group you belong
in your mind you will unequivocally consider it. thc
best. Similarly. it is only infrequently that you can
say anything against one of your brothers. You must
have no doubt in your mind that the students who
wear the same pm as you are the best and the friend-
liest fellows or girls on the campus and that none of
the others can compare to them.

One of the things that most. of you will learn most
thoroughly is a deep sense of religious prejudice,
There are clcvcn frutcrnntics and sororities on the
campus. Virtually all of them limit their membership
by religious bai'ritn's ~barriers against. Cn-

RelISIOUS tholics. .chs. or Protestants. You must. close
Prejudice VUUI' minds against religions other than
Ingmined your Own. Forget you were ever told that

one of the primary requisites of a teacher
is tolerance  segregate yourselves within your fin-
tcrnity and with the members of your own creed.
It might be a little difficult. for some of you to do thtr,
at first. for up to now you may have been taught, or
may have. believed differently, but with persistence
and over a period of several yours. you will finally sue-
eocd in prejudicing your mind. ‘

All these things are the essence of your loyalty In
your fraternity and to its attitudes. Some ot you'will
develop these trolls to a marked degree, others will
fall to develop them beyond the burl-st. elements. it
you wish to be good fraternity men. however, you llllihl
devote yourself assiduously and without restraint to
your own Greek-letter shibbolcth.

'Mifil and women of the freshman class. the mud
oi nletamorphosls which lies before you is a long and
sometimes difficult one. Accept. our hearth-st congra—
tulations on your being pledged, and our sincerest,
Wishes for your success

1 it it! 4‘

ill. is well realized by the writer that the attitudes
presented above are true neither of any one person nor
of any one ,u‘oup. Nevortholcss. he feels that they are
descriptive of the general situation at State College.)

 

 

Kappa DelfoRho,

. Kappa Bela Like

Frat House Life

KDR Uses Dorm System
Buf KB Has Roast Chicken

by Janet Baxter
The S'rA'rn COLLEGE Ni-nvs continues
its survey of living conditions at
the various group houses for college
students with an insight into life
at two of the four fraternity houses.

Kappa Delta Rho, located at 12
South Lake Avenue. charges $9 per
week for room and board. Three
fellows do work which cut one-third
off this price. Owen Bombard, ’43,
house manager, receives room and
board in return for the duties he
performs of planning meals, keep-
ing the books and collecting money.
Edwin Holstein. '42. describes living
conditions at KDR as “ideal.” A
typical meal consists of fruit salad.
roast pork. applesauce. green peas.
mashed potatoes. milk and apple
pie. No limit is placed on milk.

Dormitory Sysicm At KDR

KDR follows the dormitory sys-
tem, using the third floor for sleep-
ing. and second floor for studying.
Every study but one houses four
men: the exception is the room of
the house manager and the frater-
nity president.

The bar in the collar is perhaps
the house‘s most distinctive feature.
although it is not used except at.
parties. A ping pong table. a dart
board. a collection of records num-
bering 300. and a public address
system worth $172 net are the fra—
ternity's chief recreational resources.
Talented members entertain over
the PA. system. When girls call up
for dates, they are likely to find their
prospects absorbed in washing their
hair.

Typical KB Menu

Kappa Beta at 117 South Lake
Avenue has a house manager and
an assistant house manager to run
their establishment. Henry Brann-
cr. '42. manager. gets his board and
Harold Fcigenbaum. ’43. his room in
return for their services. Eight dol-
lars a week is paid by each of the
13 men who live at. Kappa Beta.

Soup. veal cutlct. potatoes. string
beans. bread. prunes and ten ‘15 a
typical menu at KB. Chow mom, a
specialty of the cook. is a great inv-
oritc with the fellows. Roast chicken
is the order of the day once a week.
and the boys get steak and French
fries every Sunday.

One to three fellows occupy each
bedroom. and there is an attempt. at
quiet hours.

For amusement. the perennial vlc
meets with favor. although the boys
are getting sick of hearing ’l‘cliai-
kowsky’s Murrhr Slow. contribu-
tion of Bernard l’ci'lmun iillil Davul
Sluvin. Kuppu Beth's collection ot
victroln records toian approximate-
ly tilt). and includes both popular
and classical records.

(‘cllnr (lame Itoom
KB has n game room in, the cellar
equipped with the traditional )ping
pong tiible. Bowling iii the Hay-
dium is very popular. 7
A Peruvian Pancho. gift. oi l.)1‘.
Watt Stewart. is pointed to with
pride in its place of honor as Will-
dow seat cover. Other features at.
Kappa Beta include ten ni. midnight
in the kltchi-n and nil night. long
bull sessions. I .
While the basic problems of hie
exist at all fraternity houses. eat-h
frat. definitely has ways of its own.
in the near future, aspects oi llic
ni l'oiter Club. ‘iilfi State Street.
and at. Sigma Lambda Sigma. ‘Jilli
Ontario Street. will be presented.

 

BRING THE GANG TO . . . .

PETEB’S

Sandwich & lcc (‘rcam ilar
HOMEMADE ICE CREAM
SANDWICH LUNCHES

137 Central Ava. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

As You Like It —— Or Bed And Bliss—

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1941

7 Bots Enter State College——

 

Photo by Wcssclmon

HAROLD (Better known as ’Buich') Feigenbaum, ’43, spends some of his time
in bed, but as one can see by his immediate environment, sleeping is not the only
thing he does there. Such a display of contentment, of utter tranquility cannot help
but make an observer note that fraternity house life does agree with men of State.

Rules For Rivalry
Debate Revised

Revision of inter-class rivalry
debate rules and preparation for
the coming intercollegiate debate
meetings are included in the lin-
mediate program of Debate Coun-
cil.

The revamping of debate rules
has been necessitated by the imm—
ber of inisundcrsiandings in regard
to the judging of rivalry debates.
There has been considerable con—
fusion about whether the debates
should be judged on style, content.
or argument. “In years 1)ast.l
stated Ira le5h. ’42. President of
Debate council. “judges of the de-
bates have been victims of a vast
amount. of complaining on the part
of losers and other participants in
rivalry debates.”

The new rules which will also
apply to challenging and choosing
of sides must have the approval of
Mysknnia before they Ciill go into
effect. If adopted, they may be«
come a port. of inter-class rivalry.

The varsity debate squad will be—
gin its intercollegiate program by
sending four representatives to a
round table discussion at. Skldmoi‘e
the week of December 16.

Glen Waircth. ‘42. Solomon
(lrecnbei-g. Will, Bernard Skolsky and
Harry Wm'tz. sophomores. will make
the trip to skidmorc. A round table
disenssion is planned with ltl’l. ’l‘he
(lute will be announced later. Doro—
thy l—Iuyck. Muriel S(tt)\.’i‘ll.‘VI.‘i'l‘lli
Snyder and Shirley Wurz. Juniors.
will represent. State.

 
 
 

Lead Quiet Life Among Leeches: ‘l

by Mary Betty Stengel

Seven more bats entered State
College last Tuesday!

For several years they dwelt in
blissful ignorance in a dark cave
near the home of Dr. Robert Rie-
now. Assistant Professor of Social
Studies. It was not until they met
the members of Epsilon Tau Omega.
Service Fraternity, that they de-
cided to start the quest for knowl-
edge. President Ben Tybring must
have made a good impression for he
persuaded seven of the bats to visit
him at College House.

After meeting several State Col-
lege males. the bats took the stepi
They entered State and have now
taken up residence in Zoology Hall
where during the day they live a
quiet life among the leeches and
parasites.

When a reporter interviewed them
after dark. the bats were none too
cordial. They peered out of their
wire cage with interest and wiggled
their ears but offered no comments
until the reporter blurted out the
traditional. “What. do you think of
State College women?"

Laconic and satiric Bernard. lazily
burrowing in the sand. squcoked
"They get in my hair."

 

Glamorous Kay, swinging by her
tail. eyed Bernard coquettishiy and
said with typical New York dryness.
“Too much competition."

The reporter continued, “How do
you ﬁnd your fellow freshmen?"

One of the bats shrugged his
wings in disdain while another guf-
faWed, “They’re in the red!"

Disappointingiy enough, none of
the bats showed the slightest inclin-
ation to entangle themselves in the
reporter’s hair. Their eyes were
tightly closed to shut out the dis-
turbing light as they crawled about
the sides of their abode. At first
glance one might think they were
ordinary mice because their wings
are inconspicuous in the folded state.
When offered bits of cracker and
jam, a couple of the bats showed
their surprisingly sharp teeth but
refused even a nibble.

The reporter decided it was time
to leave when Bernard emerged from
the sand, dressed in his tux, and
offered his wing to Key. An in-
trigued reporter followed the two
out as Bernard encouraged. “Come
on. kid. we’re flying high tonight!"

 

 

“Join Us at Johnson’s”
DAILY LUNCHEON SPECIALS
PURITAN ROOM AVAILABLE FOR
SORORITY. SOCIAL OR BUSINESS

MEETINGS

HOWARD .l()l'INS()N’S

730 CI‘NIHAL Ava. ALBANY

 

 

EMIL J. NAGENGAST

YI ) [i It COLLICG I'l FLORI. "l‘

(.‘orucr Ontario at liciison St.

 

 

 

I'I OUNU BOIliE

 

 

 

 

1. Ski Goggles; iuljustnble. elastic bend ti.

band; tin container

‘3. Folding Ski Goggles. S  M W I“ _ _ “)8
“MW” l“'“”“‘" “W” ' ' Hm 8. Ski hat to match. with rubber visor.
Nnvv. red. natural — - 1.98

3’ Ski SW1“ i” iw‘lw‘ll’ Hm“ [ll/Wily fl. Stocking t'np oi' Zt‘pll_\'l' wool, with
thl. (h’ul’ Hilly - ' “ “l” for bull. lied or green with white
stripes - — — - l.‘.l8

ll Mittens to match socks. with colored I”. “in. MUN-h. “r \,(.]\...u.(.” with “W”,
band. (fray only — - l.il(l qued fell flowers — — — title

.3. Hold shirt for sport loycrs.

blue or green plaid.

Sizes S

ja/m  MW Go.

I .
VII/2
V/zlf‘

[fell and

- 1 my waist for

with screened

Elli #1.. - - _ .
MlXMA'l‘I‘lS . . . . . . Ht ('Ulttl It'looi'

7. Ski Mitts in gnlnu'diue, lined with
\’llllll flannel.

I’ei'l'et-i. ('tullpnhioh piece for

 

l’urse to tie around your
carrying little things. 1.98

lied. Navy. natural.

slacks or ski suits. in red,

- ~ — 1.98

 

 

 

 

 

