STATE COLLEGE News, FRIDAY, NoveMssn 14, 1941 ~ _, g
'M Board so. cacti...
ForR'etumlng oi Proois

Those students who received
their 'Pedaaogue proofs late,
have only a short time to ex-
amine them. Shirley Kyle, '42. tion decided upon by the
Editor. advised that all proofs As‘sociation of Teachers 0 .S. ,
must be returned to the Gus- is: “Resolved. That the Fade 
tave Lorey Studio at 91 State Government Should Regulate _By ,
Street by Tuesday. Students Law All Labor Unions in the United * 2
must return their proofs in per- States—Constitutionality Conceded,” 

srArs COLLEGE News. FRIDAY, nos/amen 14, 1941

Group Discusses Scarlet Women Nob ’44 Banner
Cost of Union Bul Golden Girls Still in Fight,

When two 1' u s f women meet
Pl." Andva'jced May cause on open gr01i13,pr¢§dy to fight it by Connie Coburn, ‘45, who took it to
Reduction to Budget items

out. there is sure to be a lot of hair. the home of Elaine Drooz, also of

pulling, clawing and scratching done ’45. It was later removed secretly to

In an attempt to Investigate fur- and no holds barred. But the clash —well. only the Fresh know where.
thcr the actual possibilities of a between the Sophomore girls and Any ordinary gang of kids would

STATE, COLLEGE News  ritrca lewpomt

 -  I,  M.y’  ' Ballade“. SUIIIVIII .
 “1' a.” of 19“ ‘Ice wasn't the only thing that Betty Taylor would be one of the

FridiiypNoveinbor 14, 1041, No. a bound the ship skippered by Bert type in which "sex rears its ugly
"  . ember Distriburor Kiley last Wednesday night. Maybe head." True, there were a few racy
wilurd Collegiate Press ‘ lGalleria?! ingest C I ., it V. was the mournful blue lights; lines, but the patent possibilities of

Heft!!!“ "M9 newsiiaper 0 tie -'ew ’01" We 0 - maybe it was the heavy clothing this one-actor were overlooked.

at s 'i to h d - I“ id is u u .
r tii§"f\'i5iii'spiiooiu°roFill siiitigili iisso'fmiﬂmige “90953” t0 "‘9 Plotv maybe it was If there was any outstanding

5:36am.-

The Women Have
Two Rare Days

Debate council hears! H
question which it mildew
ing the following year. 'I‘h

 

 

    
 

 

 

            

ALLEN slMMGNs - - CIRCULATION MANAGER character sketches which showed a possible exits and waited for the
CARL MITCHELL _ . _ _ "on" an...” deft touch. what the whole play a near-by orchestra rehearsal. and News a series of posters proclaiming a celebration nancing the Union has been advanc— tackle. she brought down the vic- Smhs to make the ﬁrst move Since noon, Sandwich & Ice Cream Bar
FLORA GASF'ARY - - - Assocmre canon needed was more action. “91' 0W“ ﬁccomlmvniSb to sin". Simply called “Sadie Hawkins Day." Having nothing better ed, it is highly probable that collcgo tlm and pounced on the banner 8“th an attempt woulél ccrtah'ny re_
MURIEL SCOVELL - - - AssociAn-z EDITOR From the varied posters adorning and W611. "Calm as the Night." and to do with them. the Nowsmen hung them up, and organizations will be subjected to which fell from under the frcsh- sum in a blood “gm “10””me HOMEMADE ICE CREAM
‘1 DAVID “AWN _ . _ “sauna “n.0,, the walls this past week. it was “Estreliita.” the ball started to roll. a budget cut. A. Harry Passow, '42. man's coat. Successfully faking a dean Carroll 5;” .44 'und Garrau or “Join Us at Johnson’s” SANDWICH LUNCH“
ANDREW TAKAS - - - AssociATe Emma thought that the play directed by All in all, a very dull evening. All that day. the posters were surrounded by Chairman ofth Student Union In- lateral to Pat Carroll. President of .45 agreed that “miner cm“ would DAILY LUNCHEON SPECIALS
students interested in knowing just what was going vcstigation Committee. stulod. “If ‘44. she ran in the other direction “Mich the banner um“ Mvskmm PURITAN ROOM AVAILABLE FOR
mum on. Late that afternoon a poster was put up for 1111- the student body really wants .a Uu- and passch the burner to LOIS Dann, could hide it again and and“, both SORORITY' SOCIAL OR BUSINESS .

Phones: Office, 5-0373; Dori-once, 3-2843: Holstein, 5-2815
‘Iirunwuld. 3.0de
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., poatoﬂice.

RIPIIBINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Pub/fiber: Representative

420 MAGIGON Ava. le YORK. N. Y.
ccheo - aonon - Lol AIGILII - 8M! FnAucIsco

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE - - - EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN - - CO-EDITOR~iN-CHIEF
A. HARRY PAssow - - - MANAGING :ol'ron
MADELINE GRUNWALD - nuaINaas MANAGER
HARRIET DEFOREST - ADVERTIGING MANAGER

 

Just a series of seemingly minute
faults, but something made the play
directed by Morris Gerber fall
among those not on the recom-
mended list.

Doris Lichtwart could have been
much more effective. Her interpre—
tation of the lines at her disposal
was excellent. There is no criti-
cism to be made of their delivery:
it was her stage business that was
sadly inadequate.

Mr. Gerber evidently spent con-
siderable time and effort on this
production. Art Soderlind and
Harold Goldstein contributed brief

 
 
 

player, the palm must go to Harold
Feigenbaum. Jean Tracy, Luke
Zilles. Ellen Swartout and Joseph
Higgins gave the impression of four
people all giving good performances,
each. though quite independent of
the other.

Connie Colburn offered a solo
encore to the soft shoe dance she
did with Dulcie Gale between the
acts. ’

The one wholly enjoyable part of
the program was the appearance of
Grace Forbes. Miss Forbes. a so-
prano of noteworthy talents, strug-
gled against back-stage pounding,

 

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and

i nod. Values will be withheld umn rcr uost. H H _ . Y ‘ I ~ . M ‘
glfgtsqllgqéi COLI‘JEGE NEWS “sums no ,lewonslmm. the underlying idea was. Everyone was in favor of it, new auditmg Systcm should cicatc _]lllllli(‘(l moi the edge otthepei‘istyle found Thursday night. the hunt 739 CENTRAL AVE ALBANY
for opinions expressed In “3 0011111105" 01‘ commuﬂlclmonsu though. a surplus in the budget which could and made a .30 yard dash before she should be post-mum until hter ~
“8 sue“ “Prelim” ”° "0‘ "””"""'“"“-" “me” "3 "lu‘v' Rho". RY‘" MOW SiUdebGl‘eI "—‘_' The march of events continued. Another poster was be given to the Student Union fumbled. The banner was recovm‘ed i ‘ '

made for unmarried women to sign. A set of rules Fund." _

 

Wanted: More Men

Statistics of enrollment ratios of men to
women reveal that there was a steady rise
from 1925 to 1940 in the number of men in
the college. In 1925 there were ten times
as many women as men, in 1930 the attic
was six to one, in 19‘37 two and a half to one
and 1940 found the ratio decreased to two
to one.

The two to one ratio, however, did not last.
Opportunity for employment in wartime in-
dustry and the Selective Service Act have
depleted the number. Men in the upper
classes have dropped out and the number
in the entering freshmen class does not ex-
ceed 61. The end of the ﬁrst semester, may
see a withdrawal of men in the 1A classi-
ﬁcation.

State College needs men, yet there is little
apparent effort being made to secure them.

What is needed here is greater publicity,

publicity of a type that will attract to State

College a larger portion of the male element
of the State. Such a publicity program would
include a well integrated Press Bureau with
substantial financial resources, a more State
College conscious Alumni organization whose
representatives in schools throughout the
state would urge students to attend State
College. And more cove ago in the local and
home town newspapers. The name of State
College and what it stands for should be
spread by all availablo moans throughout the
State of New York.

Men are needed and publicity will bring
them. Publicity then is the watchword.

The Ashtray Address

Ono week and scvorai hours ago our (lam-
pus Commission brought forth in this school,
12 now ash t‘uys, made of bronze and (iodi—
catod to the proposition that all ash trays ill‘u
to be used corcl’ully.

Now the student body is on trial; testify—
iug whcthcr thcsc ash trays or any others so
made and so dedicated can long cmiurc. We
have come to use a portion of the Commons
and the l’.(). as a final resting place for those
trays which were given, that the students
might smoke. it is altogether fitting and
proper that we sliold do this.

liut in a larger souso. \vo cannot (lotllcul;o,

we cannot buy any ash trays liko thcso. ’l‘ho
brave men, Saylos and (lauipus Commission,

my. me pump...

 

“Well,” said Professor Cooper,
leaning far back in his swivel chair
and crossing his arms behind his
head, “It seems to me that the
student body as a group is very
earnest—that’s a very important
factor in promoting educational
achievements." Then he grinned
broadly, evidently enjoying him-
self hugely, and continued. in ston—
torian tones, “It seems to me that
the whole student association pro-
gram is a very commendable type
of college organization. It provides
opportunity for students to par—
ticlpate in democratic processes.”

Got Master’s At Iowa

Not that Professor Cooper always
sounds like something out of New
Yorker's “Rich, Beautiful Prose Dc-
partment." He told in compara-
tively simple terms about getting
his Master's degree in Iowa. and
of coming here in the fall of '31.

Then he was off again, “I think
that I like to teach accounting,
because of the realism of the dc-
finiteness of the substance contain—
ed therein." But whether he speaks
in one or four syllables. it's not.
hard to see why Professor Cooper is
one of the best-liked faculty mem-
bers. Especially when he rolls off a
beautifully constructed complex
sentence, and then grins happily
to himself.
Teaching ll Privilege

For example. "The opportunity
which touching provides for the as-
sociation with the spirit of youth
is a privilege (with a sly smile, it.
is a privilege. isn't. it?) that. makes
teaching desirable as a way of
life . . .

About horc Proi'csor Coopor bo-
gan to worry a bit. “You'll edit.
this. of course. and moko it sound
a littlo ulcer? Smooth it tip 11 bit?"

Now. now. Professor, how could
you be made. to sound any ulcer.
or any smoother

 

 

The most familiar wail in tho
feminine world is that of the girl
who, upon dropping her issue of
Ilfrtdcmoiscllc or Voouc, mourns,
"It’s all very well for models to
look smooth in those expensive
clothes, but what about me? How
can I look like anything on my
allowance?" Consequently, she
throws up her hands. haunts bar—
rrain basemets,‘ and looks bargain
basement. This is where the ma.-
jority of girls are mistaken. Tho
axiom for good dress is not cost.
but choice.

vltcmovc Tattle-Tales

What betrays bargain basement.
clothes chiefly?—thc cheap buttons.
trinkets, miscellaneous flowers and
frills that manufacturers seem to
feel must be added as consolation
for their less expensive garments.
Remove these tattle-tales and you
add dollars to the worth of your
clothes.

If you have to buy cheaply. here
are a few rules which should make
you stand up with your more ex-
penslvcly clad sisters:

Buy simply—look for basic good
lines and fit.

Avoid trick facts. and sensational
"gct ups."

Choose clothes with possibilities
for camouflage and double lives.
Try To Look Expensive

Remember it’s better to have a
few well chosen outfits than a mul-
tiple selection of obviously cheap
ones.

Choose your clothes so that peo—
ple will remember you, not the out-
flt you're wooring.

One of the best compliments ovor
paid to a woman was the remark
someone made concerning hor up-
pourancc. “I don't. cvor know what.
she’s wearing. but she always looks
woudorful in it." 'i‘hrow tho spot-
light on yourself. thou whothor
your clothes bc $3.98 or $22.08.
you’ll be well and wisely drcsscd.

 

Marching Along

 

 

liulph (llurk, Sluio Collogo (il'utl.
Class of '-ii. is one of tho l'cw men
who huvo oulcrcd tho army of thoir
own two will.

’l‘ho lill‘ llclti ul. Cilili(l('ll, South
Carolina whore Ralph has boon
stutiouotl is u llt‘lll whoro Amorl—
cons nro outnumbered by young
inch from ltlugluud also iourulug
to fly. Much of tho plousuro that
Ituiph is gutting out. of his stay
in tho army routes from making

‘ﬁ'Wendeil Cody

 

u tiu'co story building was thrown
Io lho sl.i'ocl., sull'ci‘hig only it
brokon collar bone and u bi'okou
bodstoud.

Contrary to what has boon rc~
ported in this country by many
sourcos. tho English illcrs insist that.
thrro was on uttoumtod invasion
of the British Isles iu lililt). 'I‘llo
public was forbidden to go in or
hour the North Sou bcoouso tho
water was contaminated with tho

  

 
 

14.7.

Ordinarily. the State College woman is a neglected
individual. She goes to an institution where she cut-
numbers the male element almost three to one. Con~
sequently, a man is a pretty scarce thing at times,
and some of the girls of State have gone through a
good part of their college life without ever getting
any closer to a man than in their dreams.

Last week the story changed. Last Week brought
tw0 of the most soul-satisfying days that State women
had ever seen. Last Friday. men were made available;
three days later, they were made plenteous.

The idea for the first day arrived at the college a
week ago Monday, when the mailman brought to the

 

married men to sign.
Things went along fine. As yet no one knew what

was formulated. More than two hundred students
signed up. The ball rolled on, gathering momentum,
and on Friday, the Wolverines went to work.

Sadie Hawkins started things off by chasing her
man through the Page Hall assembly. That noon.

women chased men. tripped them, pounced
Sadie on them. and carried them off to dance. Tho
Comes faculty was not. immune. Authenticated
to State records exist of at least one capture of a

married man on the staff. The girls out
in on the boys during the Commons dancing—everyone
had a good time. The neglected women of the
college had gotten their chance. Then came Monday.

Last Monday night. Pierce Hall had an open house.
It was the night before vacation. and none of the
women felt like sitting alone in their rooms and play-
ing chradcs. The committee in charge of the open
house sent the customary letters to the men's group
houses, and to make things one better, they sent an
invitation to Siena. (Slcna: a men’s college in Lou-
donville).

It must have sounded like a good thing to thc
Sicna boys, because they came down—and howl At
8:30 that evening. there were about 80 men in tho
Inglc Room. all waiting for the open house to begin.
In there were also exactly five Pierce Hall girls.

The situation was desperate. The worried chairman
explained that banner rivalry was going on, that the
women had not come home yet, that unavoidable do-
lays had occurred.

Men kept coming. The fraternity meetings broke
up. and the State mcn joined the milling strangers.
Slowly the Inglc Room took on the appearance of a
dance floor. but one such as had never been soon
before.

The stag line was enormous. The cutting was
terrific. A fellow dancing with a popular girl was just.

_ wasting his time. He could take no more
cumnﬂ than ton steps before someone would tap
Major him on the shoulder and take her au'ay.
Adimy The State men were annoyed. Here was

Sicnu taking their women away from thcm-w
and right under their very noses. Tho Sioua mou
worc annoyed. There were so many males around.
that you couldn't dancc with one woman long ouough
to strike up on accuiaintaucc. But the Stuto womcu
wore in o perfect. licnvcu. Never before had thcy soon
so muny men at 11 dance» uovor before had they boon
cut. so frequently.

For tho girls of Plcroc Hall, the opou house was ilii
undoubted success. Sonic of thorn. to bo truo, (lid
not. share in tho ovouiug's activities. Ono forlorn girl
was hourd to ask l'ioi'coiy of tho ouo uch to her. as
tho slug lhu- stood in front. of thcm and wutciicd tiu-
(luuco lioor. “Why do I lmvo to bc u wulli'lowor?" (if
her kind. lhcrc wcrc. howovcr. lower than at. any othcr
Stuto tluucc.

All this has not born without ofl'cct. "A good thing
once is a good thing moro ot‘ton," suid lho Women, and
thcy iuuugurulod u pluu. I-Ioucol'orlh cvoi'y ll‘riduy.
thc posilious of tho soxcs will be rcvcrscd. Wouu-n
will ask turn to dance. The men will shuffle about. llu'
floor, praying for tho 12:30 bell to ring. dolivoriug thoni
from tin-tr miscry. For one. day ouch wock. tho umlo
prcrogullvos will be sucriiicod. and tho women will
hold sway.

The Weekly Bulletin

 

 

I'mhigoguo t‘oulrdi.
’i‘iu- I't'illLl/(U/lltf "l.it‘o ul

.\'o\'i-Iulu'r If» iiuppu lloilu
lilm rush party. .‘i |'. Al.

  

Student Union, the Faculty-Student
Investigation Committee this week
established correspondence with 25
different colleges to determine
whether their experiences with stu-
dent unions are successful.

After investigating various phases
of the operation of unions in these
colleges which correspond in size to
State, the committee plans to confer
with architects, business men. and
the present caretaker of the Farrell
Mansion to determine the actual
cost of adapting the mansion to this
purpose and maintenance.

Though no definite plan for fl-

ion, sacrifices on the part of all or-
ganizations will be involved. The

Progress in carrying out the pro-
posal is necessarily slow. Howovcr,
plans must be completed as curly
as possible next semester if the
Union is to bc a rcallly by Scptom-
her. 1942.

The ncxt meeting of thc commit-
tee is scheduled for November 27.
There is a possibility that Myskauia
will hold a reception for the entire
student body at the Farrell Man-
sion so that everyone may know
the possibilities the mansion offers
for a Student. Union.

Premedical Makeup Tests

Premedical students who failed to
take the aptitude test given by the
Association of American Medical
Colleges last spring may take a spe-
cial tcst. December 5 at 3 P. M.
Stale students should makc immo-
dlatc application to Anna W. Bur-
bank, Secretary to President Saylcs.

 

Eat at John’s Lunch

PLATES 20c AND UP

DELICIOUS SANDWICHES
HOME MADE lCE CREAM

7:30 A. M. TO 11:00 P. M.
OPPOSITE THE HIGH SCHOOL

 

 

the frosh last Monday night was

strictly a. man's battle.

A freshman woman was sneaking
across the Draper-Huested peristyle
with her slip suspiciously showing.
It was neither pink nor white, as a
slip should be. but a deep yellow.
“Oh. migosh. our banner,” gasped a
Soph who was patrolling the halls
and immediately let out a yell for

recruits.

It. was the teamwork and perfect
timing of the Sophs that made the
battle a tough one. Fullback Betty
Gr: vcllc, ‘44. led the attack through
a crowd of Searchers. With a flying

another

member of the Golden
llordc. Dann. on the receiving end.

have given up, but Gravelle
hurried over to the 5th Precinct
Police Station with two pals,
and .asked for a search warrant.
They were given a long lecture on
the serious nature of such a request
before the captain suggested that

they storm the place. Evidently the Pew-000W-

son. An unavoidable last min-
ute rush was the reason attri-
buted to the late arrival of so
many proofs. All proofs must be
returned at the stated time, else
they will not be included in the

 

 

policeman expected them to follow
his suggestion, for he called up Dr.

Drooz and told him to be prepared. coundho Appomt captains

Meanwhile. the Sophs, in their

Room 20. Anticipating such a dis-
covery, the Red Raiders covered all

captains at its

. . , Since the WAA winter sports sea-
seaich of Richardson. found the son has been moved up from De_
frosh banner under the platform of cember 1 to November 24, Council
is going to choose winter sports
meeting Monday

Marie Soule. ’43, and Fred Ferris.
’42, journeyed to Colgate Wednesday
to participate in a round table dis-
cussion on this topic. 

 

Attendance at seminars, every

Wednesday at 3:30 P. M. has been

made compulsory. Three cuts will»
eliminate the offender from the“

varsity debate squad.

 

 

classes to search for it. Myskania
decided that if the banner was not

 

MEETINGS

HOWARD JOHNSON ’S

BRING THE GANG TO . . . .

PETEII’SL

137 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

State Students invited

To Lu

Slate students are invited to al.-
Icnd the animal conference of the

theran Conference

Luthcran Student Associition

America. at Syracuse University on

December 6 and 7.

After

a banquet on Saturday.
there will be a discussion on the

local problems of various clubs.

The

fraternities and sororities
will house all the visiting students.
A fee of two dollars per student will

cover the sojourn in Syracuse.

 

IYO

UHLF rlOllll

 

 

 

 

The
Fleofwood

’riib l/Ji' lulu/um!
wby Doug/.1: "I luu‘u:
Ia-lbr- ""0011 H lip-[o-
Iln-A rr/I ' ’ cmnlrmlmu

' 7 ‘ ‘1’ ‘ ‘
W‘W'lNl“ \llll
L l k l .l

  

AN" €0MFOkT*

\Vith Flu

custom h
calf
solo

clwoods On your {cell A
ulilliroguc in smooth black
wide-trimmed hull" double

for lightness and long

wcur lilcctwood is smart——

and equal to any occasion!
()tlicr now
l’ull Douglas Styles
$4.50 _ $5.80

Custom and

Wilt) struggled to get them have bought friends with these Englishman and partially docomposod bodios of Muir" i‘l'llli'tf' “'“l "'0"? "l Now-mln-r Ill l‘ullouc How am", ,.,,,, Mm In Nnrnlul'l'reds.‘7.50
twelve trays at (me down. each. It is NOT trying to analyze tho war situation. (loruuuis. When the big bombers ”""“ M"r‘zi'm‘hN‘;::;:::"l’;“‘. '7' (it'll- ll“ii'TI’ l'i'l'nlti'ittl‘lnn ~5m/aimmﬁu't
. . r . . .. Ono of tho most important things return to their bums they want '  ' .‘ “"""' “"  "‘
abovcm” vowel tomwcnm desuo‘y them' that the English have to say is three things: more Iiotrol. more I HIN'ML Minimums Mow-labor, i7 Mutililll sit
that the reports reaching this coun- bmnbs and u new rear cluiuur. *"“““"“"‘ ” 5‘ i‘ ' i "'"”‘ “"""-‘“ """“"““"””""‘

The world will littio noto nor long to
member what we write here, but it can never
forget what the ash trays do for the student
body. It is for us, the living, to be dedicated
to the unfinished task of keeping them in
good condition-«so that these trays, of the
students, by the students, and for the stu-
dents, might not perish from the school.

try are not capable of domzribing
the destruction caused by tho uir
raids. They say that the thing
that is feared most is the land
mine. These bombs coma ﬂoating
down by parachute and are capable
of destroying whole blocks of hous-
es. One incident was reported where
a girl sleeping on the top floor of

 

 

Many men who have not bccn oblo
to got into the air force havo of—
fcrcd to become gunners in spite
of the fact that the casualties uro
excessively high.

For the present Ralph Clark may
be reached through the Flying
Cadets, Air Corps Training Detach—
muut, Camden, South Carolina.

.. \
us, Alitlliiil‘lilill, ii:.'I0 l'. M.
Novmubcr il»—-Nowmuu llull
ll‘til‘llllll, ii:.‘llI l'. M.
Norouibcr l-i I'lilll'l‘ Club
liuuh dauco, t‘ouimous, it
P. M.

stratiou. Auditorium. this“)
i'. M.

NuvI-Iulmr l7e llrcopllou for
lithium H l i v o r c r u y H.
linuugo, Itizlit) 1'. iii.

November 18»~-li‘oruin meats
’\ - . .. It. _

N(\'.\i:.":,l:l(;:cul H “1'” “u” lug. lmuugo, 3:30 i'. M.
Nuwnnhm. m _ Mummy.“ November lll~~-'l‘luinlmglvlug
“pulprurumi, ruross' bogins I‘J. noon.
NOVIEIIIIIUI‘ Iii Kappa liqu November 21 7- Instruction

rush party. b‘ l'. M. resumed,

 

 

 

452 BROADWAY

(Nu: Post Office)
Open Saturday Evenings
NEWEST FALL STYLES iN LADY DOUGLAS, “.00 AND $5.00

 
   
    
  
  
 

 

 

 

DAY AND NIGHT
8.95

own skirt. t'or littlo occasions .

our! liluck, agua, gold. Sizos 9 to 15.

JUNIOR DRESSES .

 

Spoil-binding as a cobra-charmer . . . this
young sophisticated dross docs double duty
in a clever uow mauuori Wear it; with its
. . simply uu-
buttou tho nail-hood blouso and wear it with

a skirt. to tho ground for big occasion glam—

. Second Floor

 

 

 

 

;4I'wm  .

 

