STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1941

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the" Clan of 1918

t ‘ Vol. XXVI Friday, October 24, 1941

Malabar Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The under radnate newspaper of the New York State Coi-
lage for enchera published every Friday of the college
you by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Office, 5-9373; Dorrnnce, 11-2843; Holstein, 5-2815
Grunwaid, 8-
l'ntered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postomoe.

No. 0

RIPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Palm": Representative

420 MADIION AVI. le You. N. Y.
cmcuo ' Ionou « mAIIllll - are FulCllco

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE - - -
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN - - -
A. HARRY PASSOW - - -
MADELINE GRUNWALD ..

HARRIET DEFOREST

ALLEN SIMMONS

CARL MITCHELL -
MURIEL SCOVELL

DAVID SLAVIN

ANDREW TAKAS

 

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon retuest.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no respoilsi illty
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications.
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

Educating For Democracy

Are the educators of America guilty of
betraying their trust of teaching and revital-
izing the democratic way? Have the educa-
tional systems successfully prepared the
people of America to preserve freedom
through the shocks of crises?

The last few years have seen a moral and
spiritual drying up on the part of the many
Americans. Today, with the world at war,
the dessication of mind and soul is beginning
to bear its foul fruit. Anti-semitism is
starting to seethe beneath the surface of
American opinion. Not only the coarser
elements of society are implicated, but res-
pected national leaders as well give their
pragmatic consent. The same prejudices
found on the street corners lurk in the cor—
ridors of colleges.

Almost as bad is the indifference of the
youth of America. Little is heard of the
opinion of youth because, unfortunately,
youth has few opinions. Most young people
are not interested in the latest developments
of a war in which they may soon be called
upon to die.

But is it their fault? is intolerance, indif-
ference, and greed the fault of those who
suffer from these maladies? Rather is it not
the responsibility of the teachers, the leaders
of democracy to educate the American
pubhc?

This country may enter the war soon. (Jan
it emerge  a free country? If it does not,
it will be the crime of educators who have
shirked the responsibility of making the
school the democ‘atic example for the rest
of the country to follow. it will be the fault
of high school principals who act like dicta-
tors to students and faculty alike. it will be
the fault of an educational system ill which
teachers act like tyrants in their own class-
room castles.

For democracy to endure, it must actually
be practiced, not merely described in text
books, Discussions of tolerance, justice,
ethics, religions, philosophy should begin
almost as soon as the child reaches speaking
age. Open discussions in the classroom with
broad-minded teachers, and true student
government are the best methods of teaching
and practicing democracy. Shedding the
light of opinion on all controversial problems
is the best means of solving them.

To give democracy a place ill the schools,
there must be a (lo-emphasis of the tradi-
tional curriculum content. [inapplicable
mathematics, foreign languages, sciences and
social studies should be llladc to livc or else
be postponed for later specialization.

It will be a tragic con'lmcntury on teachers,
principals, supcrintclldcnts, college presi-
dents, Boards oi' Regents, and legislatures if
some future historian should record that (le-
mocracy in the United States crumbled
because American youth, from infancy on,
was never taught to understand and appre-
ciate the democratic ideal.

Gordy Rand is another draftee
who is not exactly happy about the
whole thing, and you can hardly
blame him. After graduating from
State in 1939. Gordy was just get-
ting under way in the English De-
partment in the Johnstown public
schools when his number came up.
He was inducted into the army when
school closed last June.

While teaching, Rand had achiev-
ed some success with choral reading

 

and since entering the army he has
turned out a choral reading script
entitled American Nobodys. This is
not his first literary Work since he
had contributed to several periodi-
cals including the American Mag-
azine. Through his participation in
several company entertainments,
Gordy has been excused from K.P.
(kitchen police to civilians) and oth-
er tasks of like nature. Those of us
who feel that we may be drafted
might do well to remember this little
note.

Gordy has had chances several
times to experience air ﬂight and on

Marching Along

WETld." Cid,

 

one occasion in a ﬁght over Langley
Field in a B-18 bomber, reached
such a high altitude that oxygen
tanks had to be used. He has adapt-
ed himself to his present Work in the
army, but would prefer ﬂying. Rand
has passed his first examinations for
the Air Corps Cadets. The examin-
ations were extremely rigid and he
was forced to undergo a tonsillect-
omy to qualify.

From his experiences in an army
hospital, Gordy found that they cer-
tainly don't pamper men in the ar-
my. The hospital itself was a “mil-
lion dollar" affair, but the service
was terrible. They provided only
absolutely necessary care. A man
who is hospitalized receives no spe-
cial food and is left to himself a
great deal of the time.

Gordy hopes to be able to return
to Albany before he receives his per-
manent assignment. Until he is
transferred to the air force be can
be reached at Fort Eustis, Va., Bat-
tery A. 6th Batailion, 1310 Service
Unit.

 

 

—-—Mary Studebaker

Hey froshl Thinking of spending
a little time at State? If you don’t
want to appear a little green about
the frills during your stay, it might
be wise to lend an ear to some tips
on our big city's shopping districts.

Let's start with North Pearl St.
In the stores lining its pavements
you can buy clothes ranging from
99c to Well, we can dream,
can’t we? For lower priced clothing
try Sherry’s or Lerners. Here you’ll
find sweaters and blouses from 99c
up. Be cautious about the 99c sweat-
er, hocher. Once upon a time there
was a girl who had an Experience.

Sports Clothes Price

Skirts range from $1.98 and up.
For sweater style. Sherry's Sloppy
Jocs at $1.98 are a good buy. Lcr~
ner’s sport jackets ($4.95 to $9.95)
and suits ($0.95 to $9.95) also re-
ceive four stars for campus Wear.
Very popular too are the new long-
torso blouses for that sironish ef-
fect. Approval from the Stag linci

Myers’ and Whitney’s, Albany‘s
adjacent department stores, carry
complete campus wardrobes. Mycrs’
two-piece, 100% wool, “Mixmates”
are ideal for date and dress wear
at $10.95; if you like corduroy, in-
vestigate their suits at $6.95. Skirts
range from $3.98 up, sweaters $2.98
up.
Beige Wool Favored

Tired of meeting yourself when
trying to make a good impression?
Whitney’s College Shop, 2nd floor,
can help your problem with some
loriginal wool dresses. Favorite of
the week is a beige wool. low waist-
cd. Not advised for the hip-licfties.

Eyc catchers: David's—~Flannel
Jumpers, $4.911. Stecfci's—«Grocn
Suede Jcrkln and Cap, $3.95. Stccf-
'cl's—-Illlported Tweed Coat. $10.95.

First on fashion pul'udc-~~-100')é
Shetland pullovcrs at Mycrs’. 2nd
floor. Loosely knit and roomy. they
come ill blue. red. yellow. pillk or

 

nature]. at $4.90. Should make any
figure look vaguely Voyul'.

ﬂan,» emf/Jack

 

RI'IOI'IE Ryan

Men of considerable note have
come from Hamilton College—Alex-
ander Woolcott, Ezra Pound, Elihu
Root, Carl Connor. and our own
“Doctor Tommy"——Mr. Jones comes
from Hamilton, too.

But seriously, it isn't easy to catch
the personality of someone like Mr.
Jones on paper. He is so much more
a. friend than a teacher, so much
more fun than scholarly. Not that
Mr. Jones is ﬁlled to the briln with
the milk of human kindness—there's
a good deal of arsenic with the old
lace, and beneath the velvet glove
a decidedly iron hand. But, in trou-
ble Mr. Jones is close at hand——
and that’s a nice feeling in these
days of insecurity.

Folk-lore Farm

However, enough of this character
portrait. Mr. Jones speaks much
better for himself. Take his com-
ments about his farm. for instance:
“You know. there are some very
curious folk-lore relationships with
the animals on my form. The cat
is usually a familiar of witches, the
dog is the form that ghosts often
take. the bare is a form Irish ghosts
take, and the goat! Well, folk-lore
about goats is complicated anci—
ahem-—sinister. To date, there
have been no voodoo rites on my
form."

There may be some students who
have not heard of Mr. Jones' book-—
though that's impossible, of course.
The book, of a respectable BOO—page
length, is concerned with “The
Clubs of the 18th Century Rakes."

Question and Answer

And how did he come to write
it? Well, ten years ago he asked
a professor a question, and the pro-
‘essor said. "Why don't you look it
up yourself?" So he did, and after
ten years, he's found the answer.
Read it yourself.

A fine feeling of inadequacy comes
when writing about Mr. Jones. It's
hard not to sound too enthusiastic
about such a completely swell per-
son.

 

 

(‘AJ

To the Editor:

Mr. Pi'l'illlllll, perhaps boiler than
anyone else lll tllc student body,
knows and appreciates classical mu—
sic. and 1 can understand why he
Would linVe enjoyed a pl'ournlll of
difficult technical pieces which
would have cullcd forth the utmost
artistry of I"l'ily ulid iil'llsliloili.

But this progrolll was given, sup-
posedly for the benefit of the student
body. not for the cdlficution of Al-
bully's llulsicnl clltc. l wus under
the impression that the reason they
received the host souls was one of
financial necessity. not choice.
'i'llol'eforc I tillllk Slate owes to
Fray and Braggiottl, not carping
criticism, but gratitude, for aimlllu‘
their progrmn, not at Mr. Perilllan
mid the elite of Albany. but at the
musical capacity of the average
State College student.

Had they devoted their concert

 

 

The People, NoiL Per/man

‘ Forum

to difficult technical pieces, the
jgi'cutor majority of State students
‘would have becll, to put it bluntly,
“bored stiff." As it was they collie
luwny nl'doutly enthusiastic, having
,llrul'd pieces which they know, love,
, ulld cull llpprcciulc. Even Mr. Peri-
‘lllull llu-llliolls "the enthusiastic
audience." i suppose he believes
that despite the "stereotyped and
. lllllitcd" program, the students some-
how realized the capabilities of those
men and applauded them bccuusc
of their potclllllllllics. 'l‘hut storm
of applause from the balcony sound—
cd like honest enjoyment to me.

I believe that the sllllpllcity of
the program was not duo to a luzi-
ncss on the part of the duo; but
rather to a realization of tho llluslclil
limitations of a large part of their
audience, and a sincere desire to
give them a program which they
could understand and enjoy.

An unurtlstlc nlllilic lover.

 

5W.-

I’ho U. 5. Trial to Use
Talk to Win a War

A. T.

Has the time come for the United States to enter
the European War in opposition to Nazi Germany?

The people of this country are daily becoming more
and more cognizant of the fact that this question is
one that must be answered almost immediately. No
further delay or diplomatic parrying can be allowed,
The United states has committed herself more than
halfway in her foreign policy, and the world is waiting
to see what step she will take next.

The United States has shown herself in the past
very reluctant to enter any European wars. We did
not enter the World War of 1914. Rather, we stumbled
and slid into it. We went into it after we could do
nothing else — after a series of incidents rising out of
a relatively unstable foreign policy had left us no
alternative but to declare war.

Today we find ourselves doing almost exactly the
same thing. We have no wish to enter this war. No
matter how much we want to see the Nazis defeated,
we do not want to spend any American lives in doing
so. Now we are forced to think German defeat
without active American participation impossible.

Since 1939 the armies of Adolf Hitler have been on
the march in Europe. Today they are engaged in
crushing the last army that is at all able to face them
in the entire world. If Nazi Germany can defeat
Russi , she will be undisputed mistress of the entire
continent of Europe.

The United States Talks To Victory

The United States is busily engaged in trying to pre-
vent a German victory — but how? By sending count-
less ministers and an occasional tanker of gasoline
to Russia—by sending antedated or surplus equipment
and strong moral support to England?

Wars cannot be won with words. This realization
is a very unpleasant one to the American people, but
the successes of the Nazi troops have forced us to it.

For a long time. we have been wondering, “What if
Germany wins? Will we be next?" We have admitted
that we are not interested in saving any of the Europ—
ean nations, or even Great Britain, but that primarily
we are concerned with our own fate — with the even-
tual effects that a German victory will have on our
government and on our economy.

We decided long ago that the safety of the United
States would be endangered by a German victory. It
is to be regretted that we did not instantly follow
this decision with adequate and efficacious action. We
chose instead to let Great Britain ﬁght the battle for
us. In order to let her know that we were behind her
in spirit at least. we sent some sort of aid in military
supplies — aid that certainly has been useful, but by
no means has been enough.

American Non-Fighting Aid Ineffective

Today we seem about to reap the fruits of our refusal
to take an active part. Russia is at present ill a po-
sition where no American aid can help her in time.
Within a week the battle for Moscow may be nothing
but a lost cause. It is not inconceivable that Russian
resistance may crumple, and if it does, with it will
go our dream of non-active old.

It is not difficult to see why America is reluctant
to enter a "shooting war." We are far removed from
the scene of the coniiict. The threat to us is not one
of an army Oil our borders ready to march. In that,
we differ from the participants in the war. The threat
to our country is a far more subtle one —— one of
economic pressure, of propaganda inﬁltration, of dom-
ination of the countries around us. It is difficult to
become alarmed about these things. It is difficult to
go to war because we fear that some day Germany
might put enough pressure on our economic system
to destroy it. The danger of non-intervention lies in
that the menace is so far away that to light it with
manpower seems almost unthinlnlblo.

The inevitable conclusion remains: The United
States must make up its mind to what it wants to do.
and then it should bend every effort toward that end.
If We decide that this war is not our quarrel, then We
havo no call to send our money and our supplies to
ally of the nations in it. If on the other hand we
think that it is to our advantage that Germany lose
this conflict. then we must bend every effort to insure
this loss, instead of contcntillg ourselves with send-
ing supplies halfway across the world.

I‘lllll‘-illi)lli~illl‘05. no matter ill what direction they
are taken, can be of no avail. The necessity exists for
the American people to say which course they prefer.

The Weekly Bulletin

 

 

’ Il'IIIIIJM Ill'lllili'l' ‘J-"l ll'l'lll'llll.‘ his

l‘ln- Forum and PI Iiillll soiln, l'ugl- llnll gym lll
inn .\lu are offering a plan \ \l I I
whorl-by l'llllil'b‘ of ill:-
ill-udI-r'n lllgrsl may ho ul-
l'ul'mi l'ol' i'll'lcl-ll «'l-nls u
lllolllll i'or lilo college your.
Sludl-llls

III'IUIII‘I' 3.] Sllj‘lcn‘ Ililli
Upon Million for sludcllin,
“Milli-s llull. lztlll l'. .\I.
i‘Ill ll‘l' 1.1."; Na ‘ o.
illll'l‘l'h‘li'li should tun-Ii llousr I'o‘i‘I filt'liiibl'l
consul! lill' l-‘ol'nill IIIIIIl'iIIl Salli-n Hall H l' \l I
board on IIn~ son-om] floor (ll-lolwr 3.". Signor Illll‘llliillil
oi Ill'llIlt'l' llnll. Hip-Inn rush |llll'l\‘ liounc
Frederick II‘ori'lN. H I’ .\I. H '
Hpculwr.
HIH‘I.\I. (‘vIlJt‘NlHll
llviobor 31 Hi'.\ I'llni'llH.
Imilllg'o, ii:.'iil I'. M.
ill-Ioboi' 'Ji l'olior l‘luh
l\‘lush parly. llouso, H l‘.

Ill'ltlill'l' 2:: Kappa lloln
{lush pnriy, Honda, H '

l .
(lolollor ‘JH l-‘orum nil-cling.
Lounge, .‘i:.'lll l'. .\l.
iil'iolli-l' L's Hl‘.\ I"I'lNllilllIli
l‘lulpri, l'llllarluu t‘llupol.
T'llii '. 3i

Hdlobor Lil l‘oopor Illillbi- Ili‘liiili'l‘ 'ili ' I‘
. . 'IHIIIHI ’i‘llu

vir pal-iv, i’oopor liouso lhuog'l llIIllll"
‘ . . . -- I . l.ouu l‘
s l'. .u. 7:.‘ill r. .\l. K H '

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOEII 24, 1941

 

so... H." Plans % '

Two Receptions

Dormitory Men Establish
Government by Committees

Sayles Hall Open House—the dor-
mitory's entrance into State’s social
activities—~will take place on Sat-
urday.

In the afternoon from 1:30 until
4:30, the students of the college are
invited to inspect the building.
During this period also there will
be dancing to the music of Bill
Grattan’s Orchestra, anti refresh-
ments will be served.

From 8 P. M. until 10 P. M. mem-
bers of the Board of Regents, the
Board of Trustees, the State Educa-
tional Department, and the College
Faculty and Staff will be given an
opportunity to inspect the building.

Chairman of this event is David
Cooke, graduate student. Assisting
him are Arthur Cornwall and James
McFeclcy, sophomores.

The house government ill Saylcs
Hall has been organized on a
different principle thin the usual
form. Committees comprise the
governmental bodies. The chair-
men arc: House Rules, Robert
Laurer, '43; Finance. George Sci-
fcrt, '42; Sports, Collin Barnett, '45;
Library, William Mott, '44; Social,
James McFeclcy, '44; Secretarial,
Arthur Cornwall, ‘44; Executive,
David Cooke, graduate student, and
representative to Intramural Coun-
cil. Donald Dcmick. ‘44. Saylcs Hall
House Association‘s financial affairs
are strictly administered with all
“miscellaneous items" in financial
reports forbidden by the house con-
stitution.

House rules are liberal to a l'e:i-
sonablc degree. For example, there
are no hours for residents of Saylcs
Hall except that notification must
be given when anyone is going away
overnight.

Saylcs Hall will provide a varied
social calendar for the men who
live there. At present plans are be-
ing talked of for joint coopera-
tion with Pierce Hall on programs.

Newmanites to Sponsor
Corporate Communion

Fred Ferris, Prcsidclll of Newman
Clllb. stated that the annual Corpor-
ate Communion and Brrokhst will
be held Sunday. November 9 at is
A.iVi. ill the Gl'oiio of the Villccll-
Lian institute. Bl‘uukiusl will be
served at 9:15 A. M. in the college
cafeteria. The charlie for the break-
fast will be forty-live ccllls.

Mac Whiting. '43. is '_,(‘ll(‘l'lii chair-
man of this ail’lir. Guest speakers
will take part ill the planned pro-
gram. _

Newman Club intends renewing
the recorded "vic" concerts hold in
the lounge. Also plans for a roller
skating party are i)(‘lil”, mnch

Rev. Scbusiiull Weber. l’l'oirssol'
of 'l‘llcology of Si. Anthony‘s—on-
illo—Iiudsoll. spokv in-l'ol'c Ni'\\'|lillll
Club ill lili' Lounge at 'l‘uosduy‘s
lllcl'llllg. llis lopir. "’l‘llo Rousoncd
Proof of the i‘ixlh‘it'lli'i' ol (1011." gave
rise to many qucslious. and resulted

 

 

ill ll lollgilly discussion.

Janitorial Department
Demolishes Questionnaire

The efficiency of the janitor-
ial department has just come
to the attention of the STATE
COLLEGE News. Last Friday in
Assembly a Public Opinion Poll
on Foreign Affairs was distrib-
uted. At the end the following
words could be seen: “Please
drop this in one of the baskets
outside the doors.” These in~
structions were explicitly follow-
ed by the students and the ques-
tionnaires were stored in the
Publications Office until they
could be tabulated. On Satur-
day the staff assembled to tabu-
late. No questionnaires! Fin-
ally they were located, baled by
the janitors.

So. because of unforscen cir-
cumstances. namely the effl-
cioncy of the janitorial staff, the
results will not be "published
and analyzed in the S'l‘A're Col.-
l.non News.”

Another such poll is being
planned for the near future.

 

Forum to Debate
Political Issues

Three amendments to the New
York State Constitution will be dis-
cussed at a meeting of the Forum
Tuesday at 3:30 PM. in the Lounge.

The passage or rejection of four
amendments are to be decided upon
by the voters in the coming election
llll(l the Forum has chosen lhc three
most controversial.

Frederick Ferris. president of the
Forum, ill commenting on the pro—
gram. said. “The Forum believes
that a thorough knowledge of the
proposed amendment should be
realized by all students."

The first amendment which pro-
"oscs the appropriation of funds for
elimination of railroad crossings will
be discussed by Marjorie Gaylord.
’12. and Betty Bailey. '43. The sec-
olid amendment which deals with
the increase of state sonators‘ terms
from two to four years will be dis-
cussed by ire i-iil'sh. '42. and Shirley
Ott. '43. Harley Dingmaii and Mich-
ael Pcrroiln. juniors. will discuss the
lllird alllcndillcnt concerning state
supported ski trials on Whitcfacc
Mountain.

After the dcbuic a vote will be
laken. and the results used as pub-
licity for the Forum.

Withdrawals Cause Shift
In Intersorority Offices

A revision of the officers of Ill-
tcrsorority Council has been neces-
sitated because two of the so-
rorities scheduled to have officers
on lhc council have wilhdrnwn from
lilt' campus. The officers rotate
among the sororities from your to
your. Hilll'i‘ Pi Alpha Tall and
Sigma Alpha ill'i‘ no longer on
culllpus. lili‘ new officers of liltcrso-
rel-ity Council are as follows: Presi—
(il'lll, Jl‘llil Hours. Both Zulu; Vice-
i-’rcsldclll. Doris Sturlz. Phi Delta;
"l‘rmsurrr. Kallllorhn- Richards. Psi
(lamina.

Eddy Names Hitler Chief World Menace

Al SCA Pacifist-lnlerveniionisi Discussion

"Miller‘s ulllu-k upon democracy
is lili‘ world‘s ('illl'i llll'lllli'l‘ loduy!
it would he a L’,l‘l':l| l'lliilhll‘llllill‘ for
1110 Church lo pl'l-M'l'illc lliltltlillil‘
|)il('lll.‘~illl. Nllll'lullllio oul oi oin-
hundred Alill‘i'll'illr. l'illilll ll lllcu'
(.llll‘lsilull responsibility lo dolclul
forcibly lill'll‘ coulul'y Ii ii I:. ill-
ilutkcd or luruurod!” declared in.
Sherwood I‘iiiil)’, llUlt‘ii oulhol'. irr—
im‘cr :uld ll'll\('l('i'. chuonduy llluhl
Ill u lllrrc»\yn_\' discussion sponsored
by Hllilil‘lll ('lli'lhllllll Association

lillu- milllrrillu lll'sl—hnlld llli'ol'liul-

pl'csclll \vnr slul'lcd; in- 1h \ch1—

luiol'lllcd Ill (lcrulnu

.|l(ll|ll>.

O

crisis il'olll lill‘ puciilsl vlcwpollll
bul nun-ed \\‘llll ill'. lilddy oll sore-rail
liolh ill'luiy ndVociod “gol—
lillH rid" of iillli’l‘ "War ('lllllltll
l'cllu-lly llu‘ iiih‘l'llhl‘ oi (lil'l:llol':.lllp."
l‘illlllll‘ii ifl'\'l‘l‘l‘llii Muslin "'l‘llo
Iilllll‘il Hlulw. should lulu- lili' lili-

ililllH' oi lllll'lllllll'lllt: u ll('\\' lii'ili't“

plan" “1‘ (It'llilll‘l‘ii liu- "l‘t‘ili‘lil'hi‘li
l'l-spollsc.” "'l‘iu‘ ll'l'll(i oi lllc i'ol'l'lull
polll'y ll. haul homom- ll 1:. dead and

.uuunnghmllvo!"

lll Ills clghl pollll pom-c phlll.

. ‘llrvrl'clld Music emphasized [ho up.
Ill". lilddy. who iuls spout u llil-g

llll'lilmlh‘ oi"

uovcrlllnrlll llll(l propaganda. and as]

to conditions ill other illuropruu

coulltl'll's. H
dclnocl‘ucy. lll‘. lllddy declared, As
long as l em all American 1 will

strive to be loyal lo our poliicul lll— l,,l,.,.\,,.,,l,,,nm huh.

slitutlons I"

anal'tllld A. J. Mllstc. SCA‘s other tions.

A iii‘lli‘Vi'l' lll Allll'l'liiilll‘lowml. lin-

. _ l'lllusc.
lloll. was ill liusln jusl lll'lllll‘ Hit"

l'csslly for ollllillllg lilo "solo blullil'”
ifrl'lllllllg lill‘ cil‘cl'i of Wil—
son's fourteen |l()llilh upon the world.
Musli- m'olluuciuird all American
pom-c plilll shying. "'l‘llc response
will be for gl'cuicl' lllnll Wilson's."

in HM“ qucsllon period which i'ol-
uudlrncc displayed a
lmu'iu-d lilil'l'l'hl hi lilo discussion.
bul soonwd lo in- more on “W lloll-
The time ul—
iollod failed to include ull llllii (pics-
’l‘llosc prcsclli expressed u

speaker. u wall-known church and desire for a series of such an inform-
lnbol' leader, interpreted the world alive mum-c.

 

 

If you happened to look up into
the sky last Wednesday and saw a
yellow Piper Cub flying rather aim-
lessly over State College and if the
plane wobbled at times and ducked
unexpectedly—chances are, it was
your reporter, learning to fly.

It was all in the line of duty. A
box story had to be written on the
CAA for the News and when she
called Mr. Leland York at the A1-
bany Airport for information, she
was a little surprised—~well, very
much surprised—when he said he
thought it would be a good idea for
her to come out and look the place
over. “So O.K. Why not?" was the
reply.

She was taken completely un-
awares, when she got there and Mr.
York said, “Do you wanna go up
now or later?" and, lest he change
his mind, she answered quickly,
"Right now."

First of all, the pilot, Mr. Lyn Ball,
explained the instruments. “You
pull the stick back and the nose
goes up. You press the right lever
and the ship banks to the right. The
idea is to keep the nose level with
the horizon, etc—“But your report-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NEWS Reporter Learns to Fly— I
Wobbles Over College Buildings

 

er listened half-heartedly. Once
before she was shown how to ﬂy and
when she got up into the air. the
plane—well—just didn’t react.

After the take-off, when the plane
was going along smoothly, Mr. Bell
shouted back, “She’s all yours, Miss,"
and took his hands off the controls.
Terriﬁed, she stammered, “I — don’t
think I can do it." But the roar of
the motor was so loud that all con-
versation was drowned out.

Things went along well, however.
It really wasn’t very hard to learn
to fly. In fact, she soon felt conﬂ-
dent enough to take a minute off
now and then to look at what was
going on in the world below. The
.trees looked as if they were on ﬁre
and State College, 1200 feet down,
looked awfully small and so unreal.

The thirty minutes spent up in the
air were all too few and before long
she was back in the hanger talking
to Mr. York. The building tipped now
and then—like the plane—but even
that stopped in time.

“This is the opportunity of a life-
time for young boys." Mr. York said.
“The only expenses are for a physi-
cal examination, insurance, and a
$10 training fee."

 

4-4-1.

«Ill NORTH PEARL

8

corduroy Jackets
3.00

Corduroy Skirts
.00

2

 

skirts.

luggage and natural. Sizes 12 to 20.

MIXMA'I‘ES SHOP»- Socond Floor

 

'l‘hcrc's
lliais like this
only making frank flattery! 'l‘hcsc
wide-wnlc corduroys will delight
the heart of the ‘mix-clll, match-
‘cm' falls
of every college budget . . . for
all types of campUs cnpcrs. ("ordi—
gnn or jacket nockliucs, full gored

26 Are Granted Bids,
To Kappa Phi Kappa

Twenty-five fraternity man and
one independent were extended in-
vitations to membership in Kappa
Phi Kappa, national educational
fraternity, according to an analysis
of the list released by Harrison
Higgins Jordan, ’42, President.

The new members are: George
Kunz, Owen Bombard, Robert Leo-
nard, Howard Lynch, Arthur Flax,
Leo Flax, Eugene Guarino, Jack
Smith, Regis Hammond, Donald
Vanas, Joseph Levin. David Bitt-
man, Robert Bartman, Robert
Daurer, Thomas O’Connor, Thomas
Feeney, Edward Reed, Harold Fei~
genbaum, Byron Benton, Walter
Grzywacz. Bryant Taylor, juniors;
Kenneth Johnson, Charles Reynolds,
Glen Walrath, Paul Merritt and
Robert Carr, seniors. '

Seven members each of Sigma
Lambda Sigma. and Kappa Delta.
Rho received invitations. Six mem-
bers of the Edward Eidred Potter
Club and ﬁve members of Kappa
Beta were extended membership.
Last year eight Potter men, seven
KDR’s, seven SLS‘ers, and six mem-
bers of KB received invitations to
membership.

ALE!

A 7.95 value

a pa 'adox in Myers peren-
sparc econ-

kcycd to the tune

llarvcst green, scarlet red,

 

 

