, ~w2-,w«m No...

“Q

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the Class of 1918

Friday, October 31, 1041 No. 7

Distributor
Collegiate Digest

 

Vol. XXVI

Member '

Associated Collegiate Pleas
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for 'enchers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Office. 5-0373; Dori-once, 3-28-l3; Holstein, 5-2815
Grunwnld, 3-0

Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂlce.

 

i’EFIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIBING IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publirbe r: Representative

420 MADISON AVI. NIW YORK. N. Y.
\mcaao - Bowen - l.oa Alelua - San FIAICIICO

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE - - -
EDWIN J, HOLSTEIN - -

 

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-lN-CHIEF

A. HARRY PASSOW - - - MANAGING EDITOR
MADELINE GRUNWALD - ~- BUSINESS MANAGER
HARRIET DEFOREST - - ADVERTISING MANAGER

ALLEN SIMMONS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL - - - - SPORTS EDITOR
MURlEL SCOVELL - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ANDREW TAKAS - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

 

 

All communications should be addressed it) Ihe editor and
must be slgned. Names will be withheld upon I‘GIUCSL.
’l'hc STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsillllty
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications,
as such expressions do not necessarily rellect its view.

A Leading Question

How long can fraternities and a men’s
dormitory exist together on the State College
campus? Unless the number of non-commut~
ing men increases (and this is highly im-
probable), or else a compromise be reached,
one of the two must inevitably collapse. Need-
less to say, it will not be the dormitory.

Sayles Hall has a capacity of 134 men. To-
day more than half of the building is empty.
The building must have more occupants;
there are enough men living in the four fra-
ternity houses and College House to make up
that deficiency.

But emptying fraternity houses means
strangling the fraternities. Students of this
college are much too fraternity conscious to-
day to give up, without a struggle, the fra-
ternity tradition. The ensuing row would pro-
bably spread to involve fraternity alumni
throughout the state.

If the men’s housing problem is ever to be
solved, work on the solution must begin im-
mediately. Both parties, the Alumni Associa-
tion and the Administration, as well as repre-
sentatives from the fraternities, should ap-
proach the problem with a compromise plan
in mind.

Fraternities, if they mean to survive, must
realize that the best they can hope for is 2
compromise. Without one, the fraternity at
State College is doomed.

Therefore, the initial step should come from
the fraternities themselves. Ueg as the
thought may be, it is they who are now on
trial, not Sayics ilail. lntcri'ratcrnity Coun—
cil should move immediately by organizing a
Committee to study the problem. The Stu-
dent- “acuity Discussion (lroup as well should
look for a solution at its meetings.

{regardless of one’s opinion of fraternities,
they are a social institution at State College.

Regardless of what one thinks of the
dormitory, it is here to stay.

 

 

Strictly Business

’l‘urnabout is fair play. Advertising, one of
the most important sources of revenue for
the ."l‘A'l‘lﬁ COLLEGE NEWS, depends on
the amount of purchases by students. it is
not a courtesy on the part of the advertisers.
it represents a business proposition, a profi-
table venture.

By investing in those concerns which ad-
vertise, students are in turn investing in the
NEWS. These concerns, through the medium
of advortising, contribute to the publication
of a better paper at lower cost for the mom-
bcrs of the student body. iiut to maintain
and increase this source of revenue, a recipro-
cal linc of trade must be set up.

If six-page issues of the NEWS arc to be
continual, advertising must be increased.
Local businessmen must realize that adver-
tising in the NEWS will yield profits by in-
creasing studcnt sales. There is one way in
which this can be accomplished: patronize
these advertisers. Mention State College.
Mention the STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1941

A Tribute To Talent—

 

There is but one criticism to be
made of the plays presented in Page
Hall Auditorium last Tuesday night.
To wit: they were not long enough.
The audience was generous in its
reception of the offerings; it could
not have been otherwise.

In the leading role of the Irish
tragedy, Gertrude Gold made her
first appearance on the State stage.
Miss Gold was practically letter per-
fect in her characterization. She
looked old, she walked old, she
thcught old, she was old. It required
little imagination to see in her an
Irish woman bowed down by the loss
of her husband and six sons.

The supporting players caught the
infectious mood of Miss Gold’s por-
trayal. Betty Marston and Lois
Hampel warmed to their roles after
a few minutes of rather slow dia«
lcgue and action.

One weakness of the play was the
prolonged walling scene at the end.
Neither actors nor direction could
make it more acceptable.

No greater compliment could be
payed to Ethel Tozier's direction
than the complete sympathy of those
attending the productions. It is the
first time in the memory of the
writer that the presence of a corpse
on the stage. did not bring forth a
few sly snickers. Let it be hoped
that John Lubcy will follow up his
very real cadaver with something a
little more lifelike.

In direct contrast to the tense
drama of Miss Tozier’s play was the

Bernadette L. Sullivan

 

comedy directed by Nodie Davis. The
set elicited a spontaneous burst of
applause; the ensuing dialogue, more
than one spontaneous burst of
laughter.

As usual, Paul Barselou did not
disappoint his public. Unfortunately
his stage placement was bad. The
important lines which he had to
deliver would have been much more
effective if he had been facing the
audience. A fine comedy sense was
displayed by Hal Ashworth. His
lines were quickly picked up, never
lost or drowned out by a laugh.

In the feminine roles, June Mel-
ville and Trecc Aney wore more
than adequate. Miss Melville’s make-
up and costume were in good con-
trast to Miss Aney’s appealing
incenue.

For once an announced eight-
thirty curtain went up at eight-
lhirty. This will be the starting time
for all future plays and promptness
is promised

The influence of the Chekhov
players was quite evident in the nu-
merous “stage pictures,” especially
in the first play. A bit more practice
is needed to avoid a certain stiffness
in the motion of the actors. Never-
theless, it is an innovation which
should be utilized by the directors
of the coming plays.

Between the plays, a collection
was taken to help defer the cost
of the plays. The audience res-
ponded generously and this system
is to be used in the future.

 

ﬂwﬂ “JP/147W

Rhona Ryan

Doctor Sisk is a man of succinct
speech. “No,” he said, “I don't have
a grandfather like Steptoe Demerit
Hut, but I'll tell you this, my grand-
father died drinking beer from the
bung-hole of a cask, when he chok-
ed on the plug.” (The student body
is requested to read the last sen-
tence over after obtaining a large
grain of salt.)

’l‘hinks Students Good Eggs’

And does he have any hobbies?
“No,” said Doctor Sisk, “I don't be-
lieve in hobbies—you can do what
you want to do, but you don't have
to call it a hobby.” And where did
he get his degrees? “I got my de-
grees by degrees." And what does he
like about State? “I like the stu~
dents . . . they're a bunch of good
eggs, fairly broadminded and lib-
eral." What course does he like
best? “Mental Hygiene! It’s one
course that’s needed. Do you know
that five percent of New York
State‘s population will be in mental
hospitals?"

Experiments In Nueroscs

The mention of hospital was for-
lunatc. For Doctor Sisk is carrying
on some important experiments with
rats ("they're so cute,” he murmurs.)
at hibany Hospital. Most SLllill’lIls
have seen articles about the studies
made of the effects of frustration on
guinea pigs, sheep, and rats. Doctor
Sisk. who has only begun hts ex-
periments, is trying to show the re-
latlonship of neuroses to intelli-
gence. and their effect on lclrnlng.
By inducing a state of frustration in
the rats, through unexpected l)ll'-—
riers in routine, Doctor Sisk can go
lurlhcr in the largely unexplored
licld ol human neuroses. it should-
“'1 be necessary to connncnt on the
importance of such Work.

it's practically impossible not to
like Doctor Sisk.

Election Note: Mrs. Ricnow is
running for a school directorate in
the town ol Bethlehem. Attention
roll-rs!

 

Mary Studebaker —

Don’t look now, but fashion, true
to form, is pulling another double
cross on her daughters. Remember
the chic jobs of the World War era,
the daring sophistication of the
bobble skirt. well down to the ankle,
and the recklessness of the slit eve-
ning gown, revealing a la Mata
Harl, a glimpse of black-stockinged
leg? Remember the long afternoon
dress and ankle length evening
gowns? They're gauging up on you
again. Fashion is attempting to
drag them out of mothballs to in-
flict on an innocent following.
Skirts Go Down

Ominously, the last word has it
that skirt lengths, once more, shall
go down. Are State’s maidens going
to let down their hems. Will the
dimpled knee below a swing skirt
still hold its own?

Bonwit Tcllcr‘s advertisement last
Sunday featured such charming
models as the plunging, or uneven,
hcmlinc. the hobble skirt -~ "very
1915," and the angle length dancing
dirndl.

If it's national defense they have
in mind. certainly they’re on the
right track. Barbed Wire could be
no more clfeciive than the bobble
skirt when it comes to warding ol'l‘
undcsirablcs. is it possible that the
All-State Dance will llnd State
glamour girls darineg clad in silt
skirts. if so, the hobble skirt will
be here in time for Inicrl’l'al.ci'nlty
Ball,
llems Again linng

As for the uln-Vcn licmllnc. here
you spend precious hours trying lo
make your skirts hung chIIly, and
now the motto seems to be “just
don't glVe a hang about it.“ An-
other thing, if this trend pcrsisls,
it’s going to be hard on the males
loo sincr lili‘ normal reaction to the
unwell hcmliuc is "l’urdon Inc, Ina—
damc, but your slip is showing."
Perhaps we can rely upon the cow
scrvntlveucss oi Stale girls to spurn
fashion whims. 'l‘he felloWs must
have some influence!

 

 

Discord Those Dungarees

 

To the Editor:

1 have been brooding over an in—
sult to our fair college. ll “Stale”
knew of this insult, it would rise to
defend itself.

As I walked lrom Page Hall the
night of the performance of “King
Lear," I overheard a neighboring
college girl remark, “Do you notch
how messy those State College girls
look?" I looked around to see what
she meant, and sure enough, We
Were a mess in socks, saddle shoes,
sweaters and skirts. I suppose that
she thinks, and others too. that we

Student Forum

 

don’t, know how to dress to suit the
occasion.

Let's show them that WI: do
know! How? lly dressing to suit
the occasion, thus bringing social
culture to b'tnto. If We do this, We
will also show our imprcclullon of
the artists engaged, give the entire
performance a social uplift and help
put it over.

Would you wear the saline thing
to n Clambake that you'd wear to
the opera? No? Well. .suest artists
are comparable to an opera. Let's
do them justice!

 

The Beautiful Room
With the Silence

 

 

 

 

A. T.

Once in a faraway land.

There was a place where young men and women
Went in order to enrich their minds,

And to acquire culture.

The place to which they went was called a University
For want of a better name.

When its Founders built the University,

They constructed many and varied buildings.

They provided a place to go to lectures.

They provided a place to cultivate leisure.

They provided a place to dance, and a place to play.
And llnally, they provided a place to study.

So that many students might use it,

They look a big room.

So that those using it might see well,

They built it with many enormous windows.

So that everyone might sit in comfort.

They provided a multitude of chairs and tables.

And so that the materials for study might not be
lacking.

They bought a multiplicity of books.

When all that had been done,

They looked at their work and they thought:

"Lei us make it beautiful,

“co that more people may come and read here."

They took the enormous windows that they had built

To let in the light for the readers,

And they put. wonderful stained glass pictures in
l,hcnI—-»

Pictures which were very lovely.

But which kcpt out all the light.

They installed beautiful chandeliers,

Which failed to pass every Adequate Lighting Test

Ever devised.

They took the walls

And they painted murals on them,

And to be sure that everyone understood

What. the murals meant,

They put captions under them, explaining their
significance —

But they wrote the captions with grammatical errors,

Because no one would see them but the students,

And the students would never notice the mistakes.

They took the books that they had collected,

And arranged them so that no one could find them.

Then they said,

“Now we are ready. Let the throngs enter."

The throngs did not enter.

Statisticians went to work.

After many arduous computations they announced
That the look of desolation was caused

By the fact that only one student in ten

Ever went there.

The Founders had a pow-wow.

“The main object of this room,” they said,

“Is to furnish a place to study.

“In order to study, one must have quiet.

“Therefore, we will insure absolute silence."

The Founders went out and hired a stall

Whose only purpose was to walk around saying,

To all people whom they saw even whispering

“We are trying to enforce quiet .er that people may
study.

“If you wish to talk,

“We will have to ask you to step outside.”

The throngs still did not enter.

The Founders continued to ponder.

The beautiful windows still shut out the light.
The stall maintained the utmost, quch
The students kept away.

The ones that didn't keep away
Would go in to study.

But the silence would be so intense and so peaceful,
That. as our, they would fall asleep,

'l‘hus preserving the silence.

Few of them studied,

And cvon le\\'er enjoyed the bcuulllul room
With the beautiful windows

And illi' beaulll'ul chandeliers

And the bcaulilui mural.

And the beautiful sllrucl-

And the stall".

The Weekly Bulletin

 

(II‘LII HAN t‘Iillli

,, . _\u - il‘ ." ,‘t', .'\ '- ',
I llll‘l't' will be u alml'l  I” .lllulll ‘ will \ ,-,ll,l}:|‘.ll:
lliI‘illl‘ﬁn nnwilng ol line H, I  . I ‘
Hermon t'lub, Monday, at “H H“ “H” 'lﬂm l ' M

\owmln-I l l“tll'liill Mel-iv

noon in lloom ‘Jll l'lnm will
’ out, no...“ zoo, .‘l'JlH r M

be druuu up for u purly

llllil fillliLilt'r'l lo be lll'itl in \owmluvr l l‘lub .\ Ml'l'l

ihv ucur luiurc log, Loungc, IL: Noon
licorice “qu. \ou-mlu-r I Advance in'o
l"""l“"l- lllliill'n i'luyI l'agr lluii

I'I “ANNA Ml}
Mt'lllill'l‘n’ ol' l’l liunIqu
fiiu '.\'Iii be rulerlninml by
llr llouuol \' ﬁiullh ul his
home in llrlmur, ’l'uesllay,
Nou'iIIbI-I' 'i.
l-i’i‘A'l‘Iuh'AlAN
’l‘hc ls‘luicmnnu lilllll'll has
:wl NoVI-Iulu'l‘ ii an lili‘ tii'llll‘
llm- lor all qulcrlnl.
MH'IAI. ('AIII‘JNIIAII
Ul'liilII-I‘ :ll Hl‘A l‘horns,
Lounge, .‘lzilo i'. M.
llclolwr :ll Allhlalc liunco.
ll"ll"l‘l'l‘ and Hnylos liniis,

.\uiluorluiu, Hu‘lli l' M

Now-mbcr l b lnlcr yilrully
I‘llrmllnu l-‘vIIoWalIIp iii
blr i'iilh‘m'n', ’l'ucmluy, 2:.‘il'i.
\l't-ilni-mlny, illib, liooIII
Zillil

Nui'l'lnlicl' ii f'lIIant'ui i'llill
Mel-ling, Lounge, iiziiil
i' ll.

.\o\'ciuiwr Ii l‘lt'lltll‘llll Ml't'l'
lug, Loungl- .‘l'ilii i'. M

Now-Inner ll Newman i‘lub
Ml'i'lillﬂ, Newman Hall.
7:53” i‘. M.

Now-labor ll lu’i'ilil‘n by Dr.
llruelier, i'ngc iinll Audl~
Iorlum, mm,

November ti illness (.‘liib,
l‘lub lloom, Hnylcs llnll,

November I l’hl llciln lcu,
House, ii I'. h.

Nnv‘clillil‘l' 1 House llnnccs,
ii i'. M.

Cooper Appoints
Student Auditor

Finance Board institutes
Uniform Accounting Plan

Mr. Edward L .Cooper, Faculty
Adviser of Student Board of Fi—
nance, this week announced the ap-
pointment of Ellen Delis, '43, as Stu.
dent Auditor. This appointment is
the result of the resolution passed
in assembly, October 10, for an ap-
propriation to pay for the services
of an auditor to examine the books
of all Student Association organiza-
tions. The auditing plan originated
with the Myskania suggestion that
Finance Board investigate possibili-
ties of setting up a uniform book—
keeping system.

The success of the [JI'ODOiZli ‘."ill
be revealed lhrough its cl‘icc! upon
the student budget. It is hoped that
“padding” will be eliminated through
the cstabllslnncnl of a standard
system.

Student tax sales are mounting.
Mr. Cooper states. To date, 909
tickets have been sold. Seniors lead
the list of delinquents with eleven
students lacking tickets. Outstand—
ing in the junior class are five; in
the sophomore class, Ien. Fresh-
men lmve responded iJeILcI' than
any other class with all but one
student in possession of a ticket.

If a senior is for any reason re-
peating a semester, he is not ex-
pected to purchase a ticket, so long
as he has paid four years’ student
tax.

As yet, there has been no thor-
ough investigation of student lax
delinquency.

Sculptress to Appear
in First D&A Program

Madame Suzanne Silvcrcruys, fa-
mous Belgian sculptress, will bring
to the students of State College a
new form of entertainment when
she appears in Page Hall auditor-
ium on November 17 at 8:30. She
is coming under the auspices of the
Dramatlcs and Arts Association as
its first presentation of the fall
season.

Her lecture will be very unusual
in that she will select some person
from the audience and model them
while she speaks on the outstand—
ing points of sculpturing.

Madame Silvercruys has recently
completed the busts of the Dionne
quintuplets and of Dr. Allan Roy
Dal'oc She is the first sculptress
to have the quints as living models.
Other eminent personalities who
have served as models for her arc:
Katherine Hepburn, .lack Dempsey.
James ’l‘ruslow Adams. and Primi-
Minlsicrs llenrl Jasper mid Paul
van Zulnnd of Belgium, This (lio-
llmmlshcd sculptrl-ss has been
awarded many prle for her on!-
Hluullng \york in lhli, lleld

’l‘lckcls may be oblulucd llu‘ourli
the exchange of slutlcnl lax

Commerce Club Plans
Publication of Paper

(imipel‘allvc selling plus lllll‘l"
View.» With promlucnl Albany inn.—
lnvss men will be lhc oul.~,luudlnn
i‘i'nlllrcu of tile (.'onl—Il'm'llm to lie
published this :wIIn-slcr mulcr lhc
sponsorship ol Commerce Club. The
issue will be complelcd noun-llnn' in
UW'I‘llllll‘l‘, and (llslrlbulcd lrcc ol
charge among sludcnls Inlcrcslcd
in commerce,

The New stuff for (‘omAII‘orum n.
as follows: ’i‘iu-lmu l.cvlnr.on, "ill,
and Anna (,‘illlllli, '42, l'klilol's-llr
(.‘lucl, .il‘llll Hours and (‘xu'mcn (.‘op-
polu, seniors. Alihill‘lllll' l'ldli.or:.
'l‘cnuiornry senior stall Imlunuvn.
also have bccii appointed. lioroilly
llrooks is in charge of publlclly;
lllrmu lnglln. lulVi-rllsluu, Armcdc
illuck, nrl; Jeanne Hi7iIIliiil'iilI~II--
berg, publlcullou; Allcu lilnnnons,
editorial; Hnydc Zliiuskns, humor.
Faculty Iulvisor lor the publication
is Dr. ’l‘holnns Klnscllu,

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1941

 

Semanek Plays ’Eve’ Role
in History of SEB Desk

Desks do have personalities
and their histories are impor-
tant! At least, that's what Miss
Irene Semanek, assistant direc-
tor of the SEE, will tell you.

In her office is an old oak-
wood desk, which occupies ap-
proximately one—half of the
room. It formerly belonged to
such illustrious gentlemen as Dr.
Andrew Sloane Draper, former
Commissioner of Education, Dr.
Abram Brubacher, and Dr. John
M. Sayles.

Now for the first time in its
long history of service, it is be—
ing used by a woman, and Miss
Scmanek is proud of the feet.
She laughineg asserts that she
would like to place on this desk
a sign “First Woman Owner."

 

Noted Traveler to be
SCA Campus Guest

Lecturer to Meet on Cabinets;

Speaks to Club X Tuesday

Calhcrinc Smith, noted traveler
and lecturer on Oriental life, will be
lhc campus guest of the Student
Christian Association on Monday
and Tuesday. On Monday at. 3:30
A. M. she will meet the first and
second cabinets of SCA in Room
100. All those who wish to speak
with Miss Smith concerning her
travels may do so at the Club X
meeting on ’l‘ucsday at 12 P. M., or
may stop in at the SCA office any
lime for an appointment.

Miss Smith has been a witness to
the present war between China and
Japan and has seen the deplorable
sights brought about by this war.
She has gathered considerable data
in regard to the living conditions of
the Chinese and Japanese people
during the war years.

Annex Survey

(Continued from page 1, column 5)

methods of financing it will be held
at the first group meeting on Tues-
(lay afternoon 4 P. M. in the Lounge.

Addition of five dollars to the
price of student tax tickets is one
of the methods suggested for solu-
tion of the financial problem. An-
other plan lnvolvcs cutting the stu-
dent association budgct by the sum
of $5000, which would mean more
than a 33 1-3 percent cut for each
activity. This method has the sup-
port ol' many people who believe
the budget is excessively padded. Di'.
Suylcs is unwilling to see too high
a student lax, since it. would entail
a further l‘innnclul sacrifice on the
part of the students.

All meetings of the discussion
group will be public. Myskania be—
llcvcr. lhal if the meetings prove
Sill‘ulrlhi'lll, they will be the most.
important step in stlulcnl.-lacull.y
rclallous since the founding of the
cumpus leadership society in 1017.

 

 

EMIL J. NAGENGAST
voun COLLEGE rhonm'r

(‘orncr Ontario at Henson St.

 

 

i7 0UN(I BOIliI

 

 

 

 

 

 

’l‘lllc ALIIAN lifli (ﬁlm/WI & lileli’l‘ SHOPPE
203 CENTRAL AVENUE
3.9393
‘ ‘ "61‘ BANANA SPLIT ON THE AVENUE
1llIiTtil?(l:DON'T YOU BE THE JUDGE? H
FRESH DONUTS FOR THAT HALLovvh izN PAHI‘Y
GET oun emcee ON YOUR NEEDS
TRY THE REST. THEN THE BEST

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

     
  

Grad of ’T8 Returns To inform,
Students of Radio’s Importance

By Mary Betty Stengel

“There must be more eligible
males around State these days!” ex-
claimed Mrs. William Corwlth, ’18.

Bulger Attends
Syracuse Meeting

In an effort to extend the scope
of the Student Employment Bu-
reau, Mr. Paul Bulger, Assistant
Principal of Milne and Director of
the Student Employment Bureau,
has journeyed to a Syracuse meet-

   
   
    
  

 

 
 
  
 
 
  

enal years in secondary schools, Went
abroad, and rose to a position of im-
portance in NBCi Yet; she lamealts
I . that at class reun one she has no -
The former Doris Sweet, vice-p1esi- mg to talk about. “The Others a“

dent of the class of '18, was amazed _
me of the School Board Members that so many State girls go with fﬁggpi‘bm teaching °r the“ "m

Association. men from State. Down in the Com-

Representing state College, Mr, mons she confided that there were mg?!” 011332232" giazrkggd 
Bulger intends to make contacts “'1 lot more me“ around" me :mce the days of .18. In Rich
with principals present at the con- Mrs. Corwith spoke in last Frt- ardson and Page Hans, she ten
ference, who plan to hire new day’s assembly not only as a State ulostn and the Commons seemed
teachers, with the hope that they grad, but as the National Broadcast- “different” (The Commons used to
may become interested in the stu- mg companys ASFlStant to Fume be over in Huested in those daysi)
dents of this college as prospective iffwlcle Jggéﬂsgeltlgéhnbﬁe ﬁgs;  Differences in the sboclal coide wife

‘50 ' r of rls w o
teacners' applause she received, Mrs. Corwlth Eggiiam mfs‘nulgoiwlth g regards

Three graduates W110 have 1‘9' “made a hit" with the student body changes m sorority rush rules as
celltiy Obtained DOSitiODS thI‘Ollgh as a whole. She herself remarked definitely “drastic-n
the Bureau are: Edith Cutting. '38. that her audience at State was much H .
librarian, North Haven, Connecti- more polite than some of those she L  ﬁgrgtlglge,gllggt_gafgvﬁne:§g‘éﬁ:g
out. Adeline De Cal-10, '40_ com- has encountered in her vlsrts to col- [Sui socks. for she mid “I‘m sun
mer’cc, Forestport. New York; and 108'05 £111 OVCI' the COUIlLl'yu Emma LO‘SCG thé girl‘s‘ dliessed up m
Dom DC Michele, ’41, New York Later Mrs. Corwith expressed the silk Stockings and mgh heels!"
Stale Laboratory Assistant. hope that she really put across the Though Mm Corwim attended

SEB is proud to announce “mt challenge she intended when she state for only her last, two years,
a total of $22,132.04 has been saved
by experienced and inexperienced
teachers alike, who otherwise would
have been obliged to pay commer-
cial agencies 5 percent of their
first year's salaries.

    
  
   
   

 
 

   
      
     
    
         
       
     
      
           
  
          
     
         
        
     
           
       
     
        
      
         
  
        
   
 
 
 
 

told of state control of radio in “he was a popular “went. (The
countries like Germany. “Radio has
made Americans the best informed
people in the work."

During the years since her gradua-
tion from Stair, she taught for scv-

   
   

most musical too, according to the
'18 Pedal/omen.) After assembly
several undcrclassmen approached
Mrs. Corwith. Their mothers and
fathers went to State with her!

w

   
     
             
       
       
   
     
   
       
 
  
  
 

  

 
 

 

  
  

4.4.1315 , _ 
4.1 Norrru PEA a L

    
        
       
       
            
        
     
      
      
     
    
   

VlBRANT VELVETEEN
combined with FAiLLE

8.95

Vi 'acious juniors pick a dash of Veix'clren for illai

    
      
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   

dash of spice. . . to make his heart beat faster!
New version combiucs rich, gleaming \r'civelrcn
bands with crisp l'aillc in a illililill-(llIWIr-li'luni'l'olll
dress. Velveteen collar to highlight your face.

Wear it from classroom to campus (lute . . . soror1~

 

ly rush . . . or faculty tea.

.iliNlUli llltl‘ii'i‘il‘ii‘i .I‘il'l'ollll Il'llml

 

 

Now is the thnc . . . .

r—

to think about ordering your personalized Christmas Cards. . . they can re

bought for as little as 50 l’or 1.00. , . . in attractive designs and colors.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

