 

 

 

Page Two

 

  7 Sure COLLEGE news
 n Vol: II November 28,1917 " No. 11

Published weekly, on Wednesdays, during the college year, by the
Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, New York State
College for Teachers, Albany, N. Y. _ y
The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertising
‘rates may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, etc., intended
v’ ,iorpublieation must he in the News Box before Saturdays of the week
preceding publication.

SENIOR EDITORS

 

REPORTERS

 

Caroline E. Lipcs
Alfred Miller
Donald Tower.

Dorothy Banner

Bernice Brenner

Dorothy VVakcrly

Kathryn Cole

Stanley Henson

 
   

 v ' ' : NO“NEWS”

u

Be‘ausc of the Thanksgivincr recess the News " will not be

,Apublishcd lhewcck of December 3d-Ioth.

DR. BRUBACHER SENDS GREETINGS
My dear Mr. Henson:
 I gladly give through you a 'l‘hanksg'iving message to the
1 students of the college.
5 Our ﬁrst thought at the mention of 'lfhanksgivin_c_,r Day for 1917
‘ l is that we have more cause to pray for help than to offer up
i, I prayers of gratitude for blessings now enjoyed. This is a super—
ﬁcial thought. We have cause for gratitude even in this year of
trial and sacrifice. The day appointed for national thanits-,griving,r
should be the occasion for an inventory of the good things that
have come to our land and people. We have discoverer] that the
5 bonds of national unity are even now strong amongr our poiyglot
'citizcns, and we may be dcrply grateful that our dedication to
national service will strcnthcn this bond; We have had widespread
joy in making; material sacrifices for our common country. We
have quickened our moral sense and stimulated our social con—
sciousness in illinking and planning the social purity of our
_ troops in arms.‘ We have been able to relich llclg'ium. Serbia.
Armenia and .lfrancc out of our abundant harvests; we have ac-
quired a keencr sense of duty to country, duty the cause of right,
duty_to the interests of humanity. v These and other experiences
of~thc year are a rich blessing to the American people for which
we are appropriately grateful.

Every student of State College has cansa for gratitude that his
life .work is to begin at this momentous time, a period with won-
derful possibilities for the advancement of democracy and human
welfare. The world is waiting for the highest service of which
you. as educated men and women. are capable. 'l‘hanksgiving

.l‘)ay of l9t7 is a ﬁtting,r time to be grateful for the rich experiences
of the year. and to dedicate ourselves to the great opportunities
that are calling us to duty.
~~I am,’yours in deep gratitude.

A. R. RR U li1\ CHER.

I (Signed)
. .
i, OUR LOSS

 

I '.It.was with real regret that the “News” ’uoard accepts the
resignation. of its editor, Lillian Magilton. We regret that after
struggling.through the (lifﬁculticsfof organization days, she is
,unable now to enjoy the freedom from worry of this year ——to
taste thejoys of achievement and success of one on the front
line.‘ .
, thMi’ss Magilton was chosen as one of the committee because of
her ivc,ll:known ability and enthusiasm. Her name will always
"be thought of together with lI)cdicke’s as that of one who made
the “New‘s,”.possiblc. in the trying ﬁrst months. she was
ready to give her usual wholchcartcd‘scrvicc. [for position on
theﬁitst board was that of business manager. in spite of all the
:dilﬁcultics, her accounts were made out weekly and her report
at, thccnd of the year balanced to a penny. A

_ The " News ” has already felt the loss of Miss Magilton—~ it
;will feel it more as the weeks pass. We are sorry that the
burdens oihcr senior year have taken her from us. indeed for—
tunate are those organizations which still enjoy her active mem—‘
bership. Let them remember that what they have gained. we
have lost. I w I, A M M 

 

Stars common NEWS. NOVEMBER 23. 1917

 

And so we give her up. When we see. the space left vacant by
the removal of her name. we shall recall what she has done for

us. for her class. for State College.

She has been an ardent

worker. a loyal supporter, an able editor—- as such we thank

her.
friend —« as such we honor her.

She is a faithful student. a rare comp-anion, a staunch

A MISTAKE

To the Editor:

.l notice that in the recent elections for cheer leader that a

sophomore was elected over a senior.

in most Colleges while

the merits of underclassmcn are appreciated and used, seniors

are usually accorded positions.

l have the highest regard for

the new cheer leader and his ability, but I fel that this college
should not depart from the tradition so radically. A sophomore
always has the time and the chance. to be given office. while a
scniiir has but a few months in which we can repay him for his

contribution to college life.

I. therefore suggest that this matter

be considered in the future at all similar elections.

PRESS CLUB

 

The. nomination committee of
the l‘rcss Club reports as fol-
lows: l7or .l:‘rcsidcnt. Ray
'l'ownscnd and Cassius Logan;
for Sccrctary-'l7rcasurcr, Veron-
ica Farrell and Doris Sweet.

The purpose of the l’t‘css (Tluh
is to communicate. by means of
individual club members. with
various newspapers throughout
New York State. thus advertis—
int: Stair. College. and its activi—
ties. At present people doing
this work are Lillian hlagilton,
.‘l/lm/Iy lion/ring Journal; Mil-
(lrcd Mcliwan. It'll/clacrhoc/rcr
Press: Wm. Merchant, Timex
Union; Nay 'l.‘ownsend. Carmel
papers; Doris Sweet. Chatham
paper; S. ii. I’lcason, Middle-
burgh News and Coblcskill
Index; 'lflernicc .llronncr, Rich—
/irlal rlr/crcury and U licu I’rr‘as.

W O M E N STUDENTS
WANT LIBERTIES OF
MEN CURTAILED

Dean Pierce, However, Refuses
to Assume the Added Re-
sponsiblity

Thursday afternoon lican
I’iercc met with a large number
of the mothers and landladics of
the women students of the col—
lege for the purpose of discuss-
ing ways and means of bettering
student conditions. Dean Pierce
pointed out that health. morals
and scholarship are the ideals for
which the home and college
should cooperate. She called an
tention to the fact that both
homemakcrs and faculty must do
their “hit” in order that the
work be rightfully done. The
obligation of the college to the
homes, from which its students
come, was shown and the ad-
monition given that “ we do not
fail to measure up to the obliga—
tion that their confidence in us
demands.” it is the desire of the.
college authorities to give the
girls the widest possible latitude
in the pleasures and methods of
work. “ She has to learn by ex—
pcriencc the way we all do, but

 

aid her by wise advise and sun“
gestion.”
The college rules were dis~

cussed and their purpose ex—
plained. The college authorities

do not wish to dictate to parents,
only to give them the benefit of
past experience. As to a chap~
cron. bliss l’icrcc thinks that
” she docs not need to make her-
self a nuisance," but by skill and
diplomacy may become a really
desired fixture.

A ftcr lican l’icrcc's address
the meeting,r was thrown open in
discussion. in which Dr. llru—
bachcr joined. The conduct and

. attitude of the girls was highly

commended by all. A desire was
expressed by many for more Op~
portunitics of discussing this im—
portant problem of establishng
” conditions necessary to make
successful teachers whose far-
rcaching‘ influence none can
measure.”

Latcr some of the female stu-
dents suggcstcd that the men be
made to live up to rules similar
to those for the girls. Dean
l’icrcc expressed her approval of
the desire to make the men help
watch the clock on Sunday night.
but explained that as longr as so
many young ladies were more
than willing to assume this
responsibility, she would leave it
to them.

DEAN HORNER HOLDS
PHI BETA KAPPA
MEETING

The Upper Hudson Associa-
tion of 'Phi Beta Kappa, which
holds three meetings annually in
the capitol district, one at Al~
bany, one at Schenectady and one
at 'lTi‘oy, hold its regular Troy
meeting at the Troy Club on
Saturday evening. November 24.
'l-"rcsidcnt llrubachcr delivered
the principal address upon the
subject “America and the World
War: A Conﬂict of ideals."
Professor John I, ﬂiennctt, of
Union College, led the discus—
sion. Dean l’lorncr, president of
the association, presided at the
meeting.

 

 

