 

. ..t

 

 

 

Published weekly, on Wednesdays. during the college year, by the
Committee on, Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, New York State
College for Teachers, Albany, N. Y. . , I .
. The subscription rate is. one dollar and a half a ear. Adverttsmg
rates may be ,had on application. Articles, manuscripts, etc., intended
for publication must be in the News Box before Saturdays at the week
preceding publication. '

SENIOR-EDITORS

REPoaTERs

 

Caroline E. Lipes
Alfred Miller
Donald Tower

Dorothy Banner

Bernice Brenner

Dorothy Wakerly

Kathryn Cole y I '
Stanley Heason ‘
Mildred L. McEwan
Lillian G. Magilton

 

 

 

RELATIVE TO MISS McCiéELLAND’S RESIGNATION

‘1 At'a'general meeting of the Faculty of New York State

‘College for Teachers held October 2, 1917, the following minute

found a place on the records, and a copy thereof was sent to
Miss McClelland: ,

” After nearly fifty years of'faithful and efﬁcient service, Miss
Mary A. McClelland has severed her ofiicial connection with the

" college; and, in bidding her faretvell. the President and members

of the Faculty wish to express their deep sense of obligation to
her for the influence which she has exerted over graduates and
undergradmitesduring this lotingcriod of time.

To her colleagues she has always appeared the embodiment
of courtesy and honor and in her relations with the students she),
has been the helpful and sympathetic friend. Pupils who have
been in her classes bear constant and uniform testimony to her
enthusiasm for the things thatiare lovely and of good report
and they refer with gratitude tollier power of imparting knowl-
edge and of making themlovers-of wisdom.

l’ull many a lincof life she drew
Still pointing,r to theGood; the True.
The youthful mind. High honor crown her nowl

The President and members of the Faculty desire thus to
assure their formertolleag‘ue of their affection and esteem and
to tell her how great is the debt which the college owes her.
~ They therefore order that this tribute to her worth be spread
upon the minutes of the Faculty and that a copy thereof be sent
to her.” henna]: S. T'AIN’I‘ER,

a l,.l?(lx\’r\ltl) W. RICHARDSON,
ANNA E. Fiance.

Later, at a Faculty dinner on October 20th, a gift was pre—
sented-to Miss McClelland in the graciousand eloquent words
of DrﬁLeonard W. Richardson. This gift took the form of a
loan fund, to be founded by President lflruba-cher and Faculty
in honor of Miss McClelland and to be called by her name.

'Miss McClelland accepted the gift not for herself but for her
mother. Mrs. Elizabeth h'leClelland, to be entitled “ The Eliza—
beth McClelland Student Loan Fund.” .

The sums contributed thus far have been invested in Liberty
bonds. the proceeds to he used in years to come for students in
need. ‘ '

vsTATecotoaoa news. MovnMnnn 7.19:7

Pele Tia r3 l _
I , .V I ' STATE COLLEGE  The Fund will remain open to any friends of the college who
V01 " November 7 1917 No 8 may have it in their heart to subscribe.

. ‘ . V , . .

The committee in charge have entrusted the control of the
Fund to Mr. C. J. Deyo, who is the ﬁnancial secretary of State
College.

KEEP IN' LINE!

Rush, rush, rush all the time! Do you know what the Amen
ican people remind one of? Can you imagine a military com-
pany, trying to keep up a permanent double quick time, when
most .of..the individuals have their eyes blindfolded? Let us
stop and think occasionally, take the bandages from our eyes,
and see if it isn’t much easier then to keep in line.

There is an endless procession of people marching through
do we have to keep going as individuals but we have to keep in

' life. In the olden days they marched singly~each man looking

step and in line with all the rest of our company. To translate
this in everyday terms. it means, of course, that we must keep
our own lives healthful and happy—just as before—«but we
must help our fellowmcn —as we never have before. Join that
organization! F’ay those dues. But even that isn’t enough. A
wartime procession must have martial music, and that means
that you’ve got to get into the spirit of the thing. Don’t fall out
of line because you “ don’t approve of war anyway ” or “aren’t
much interested in soldiers.” Your lack of interest hinders the
whole procession. Do your part! Fall in line!

BY WAY OF SUGGESTION

 

There seems to be prevalent amongr State College students an
attitude of doubt upon one point of common interest and import—
ance to us all. That point concerns the number of active incin-
bers of Myskania. ;\t the time of the organization of that body
it was stated that the council should consist of ” not more than
twelve nor less than ten members.” From the Class of IQIS
ten members were chosen by the preceding Myskania to fill
their places. Owing-n to the enlistment of two men so chosen,
we have at present only eight active Myskauia members. When
the question came up as to the validity of this arrangement
under h’lyskauia’s published constitution. active members of the
council explained that the two enlisted men were still members
though no longer attendingr their alma mater. We question here
the activityof those two men in the decisions of the council.
The spirit which prompts active members of the council to
maintain a “onccea—memher-atWays-a-tnember ” attitude toward
the two men whose names are now on our Honor Roll is
admirable, but we question its practicality in this instance in so
far as it prevents the appointment of two substitute members to
be active in the true sense of the term. The present status of
absentee activity accorded the absent members of the Myskania
of 1918 leaves an extremely wide scope of free interpretation to
the classes following,r as to what constitutes active membership.
l’or the sake of those who have still our Senior year ahead. lct
a'lyskania explain its attitude on this question definitely. Is
1918 being quite fair to her own members?

A JUNIOR.
NEWMAN CLUB

 

PSTGAMMA
Elizabeth Curran ’I7 is
teaching in Schenectady.

 

Nina johns spent the week
end at her home.

Doris Sweet and Cecile
Conklin enjoyed the week end
in l'lillsdale. ,

 

G. A. A.

Some ﬁfty girls went on the
first bike of the year, held Sat—
urday. The girls hiked out New
Scotland avenue and across to
the Normanskill. An ideal place
under a large tree was found for
the supper. Coffee and rolls and
frankfurters was the bill of fare.
Two side shows of the main
event were the singing of college
songs and the initiating of the
Freshmen. The affair was voted
a big success and we are all wait-
ing for the next hike.

 

The regular meeting of the
Newman Club was held last
Friday in the auditorium.
Father Dunney addressed the
members, and suggested a
motto, which might be adopted
by all college students. This
motto corresponds with our
college letters: Folio-larship
for the State. Catholicity or
breadth of thought in college.
and 'l‘rustworthincss in the
Teacher.

The fortnightly lectures of
the club will begin on Monday.
November 26, at the Viir
centian Institute, when Father
Dunney will he the speaker.
Plans have been made to have
several lectures on thewar and
popular philosophy:

