 

  

   

o

Page T‘wo ‘

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY [0, 1917

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
LA Weekly Journal

January" [0. 1917

 

Vol. I No. 13
"—Pnhlishcd weekly. on Wednesdays, during the college year, by the Com—
mittee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, Class of l9l8, New York
State College for Teachers, Albany, 'N. Y

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. ,Atlvcrtising rates

may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, etc., intended for publica-
tion must he in the News Box before Saturdays of the week preceding
publication. 
The Committee on l-‘nbh
Class of 1918.
Alfred E. Dedickc. "dilrn'dn—Chiei
Subcommittees
Editorial Committee Cnnimillcr on Finance
Alfred E, l?enicke Lillian G. Manilton
105' A‘ “ “1k” (ennui/Ice oIl Advertising
('nmmil/rr nn Sularrri/ﬂinua H SlflnlIPv (Henson
Dorothy Austin NOW-Ed  HEX}!
Kathryn Cole ; r , " c ' (
lellltt/lt‘l‘ nu News
.\lildred McEwan
Stanley Hcasnn
Eloise Lansing
Kathryn Cole
lilmetta Van Deloo
Ray Townsend
.\'laud Rose

      

slung a Lolle‘ Tileekly Newspaper:

Committee on Cirridulinn
l‘ ' ' an
Henry l.. Greenhlalt
Kathryn ole
Committee on Car/(mar
lleni. Cohen

d
:-
Q
2.
2
a

 

RESIGNATION OF jESSE SMITH.

it is with regret that we announce the resignation of llcau Swift
from the Hoard of Editors. Mr. Smith. in his connection with the
" Slate (.‘ollegc News." was a very congenial colleague and an en-
thusiastic worker. We had hoped to be able to retain his services,
but since part of his work was objected to by some. he feels that
both they and he will fare better if he withdraws altogether. For
the present his resignation means the discontinuance of the Komick
Kolyum, but it is not at all unlikely that We will come back to some»
thing,r similar in the near future.

CANDIDATES WANTED FOR POSITION ON NEW
“NEWS” BOARD.

The Committee of the Class of roiS, which has been publishingr
the “News” since its ﬁrst appearance, feels that it has carried out
its mission, which was to establish a weekly newspaper in this col-
lege. We feel that the time has now come when the management
should be taken out of our hands and given over to a new hoard of
editors, a board which will be truly representative (if the student
hotly.

It has been decided to award places on the board not through
elections by the studentbody, but in a more business-like manner,
namely through appointment by the hoard. Any student in the
college, he he subscriber or not, can apply for a position and to all
applicants will be. given a fair chalice to compete for the place
which they desire. All applications should he made to the editor.
The vacant oliiccs will in all probability be that of lklitor-in—Chief,
Managing Editor, Business Manager, Associate Editors. and Re—
porters. It is hoped that a large number of students will avail
themselves of this opportunity to try for a position as this is the ﬁrst
time that ability and not popularity will count in securing an ofﬁce.

SHOW MORE COURTESY AND GOOD WILL.

A frequent criticism of State College advanced by students who
come to us from other higher institutions of learnng is, that there
seems to he, in general, an unnatural reserve manifested by the
faculty toward the students. instead of an appearance of friendly
interest, there is an attitude which all too plainly speaks: “ These
are the tiresome tools with which we labor." When faculty
members and students meet in the balls or upon the street, there is,
these students declare. often no exchange of greetings at all, and at
best, hrief salutations that are decidedly lackingr in cordiality.

A brief consideration of these statements is very liable to con-
vince one that they are more than half-tone. lf, however, an in-
vcstigation were made of the causes that have. produced this un—
fortunate relationship, it is quite possible that it might be shown

ing it about. It may have had its origin in some unfortunate incident
early in the history of the college, and suice the students have never
manifested a desire to substitute a new order of things, it has been
perpetuated to the present day. Freshmen have come to the college
year after year not knowing what their attitude toward the faculty
should he; ultimately they assumed the general attitude of indif-

 

forence and so the thing has gone on.

And it will continue to go on, unless the students themselves en—
deavor to alter it. Might it not be well at this time, when good reso—
lutions are much in order, to attempt to institute a change? Suppose
students go at least halfway and make it a rule to greet the faculty
whenever possible. Suppose it be recognized as a rule among the
men to lift the hat whenever the president is met upon the street.
In all real colleges there is a distinct feeling of respect and awe
manifested toward the head of the institution. Now since we have
long since been “ real " in the quality of scholarship, and are becom-
ing,r “ real ” in athletics, let us have a similar development ttt matters
of coilch courtesy and etiquette.

And while we are speaking in this vein, it may not be altogether
out of place to enter a plea for greater cordialin among ourselves.
Here we are, a great big family of approximately one thottsaud
adult persons. it is impossible for all to know each other by name.
but it is possible to show a hit of kindly interest in each other in the
exchange of a cordial “ Good Morning.” Try it! Shake off this
pseudo dignity which is closely akin to snobbery. come down to
earth, and be at home with your fellows. Remember that you are
going out into a profession where self-interest must largely be
abandoned. The amount of courtesy and good will that you carry
about with you will count for much.

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

Dear Sir.-——-

ft is with regret that i have noted the discontinuance of the
Koniick Kolyuni of the " College News." There were many lines
in the column that were well worth their place in our paper. It is
well, I think, to havesomething of the nature of the Koltiick
Knlyum. V
l do not feel that i would ask that the personal knocks and refer
ence of the type which have been used should be continued; but i
know that Bean Swift is resourceful enough in that line to give us a
column once a week with something in it that is breezy and worthy
of his effort as well as our time.
I hope that the management will find it possible to reinstate Bean
Swift in his royal Sanctum Sanctoriun and give us the Kollcge
Komick Kolyum once more.
Yours for S. C. T. and the " College News."

jUNIOR.

\\'e are making- use of the invitation given to students to ex—
press in the “ College News "' their opinion concerning the pro-
posed tax.

\-\’hilc we are greatly in favor of this tax, we see no reason for
so exorbitant a fee. This tax. as we understood. was to cover
the ” College News,’ “ The Echo," and the basket ball games
played on the home court. During the present scholastic year
there will be played seven games on the home court. The price
to college students for each game is twenty-live cents. except
that with Colgate. which is thirty-ﬁve cents. At this rate a total
of one dollar and eighty-live cents would be amassed.

The price of “ The Echo ” is one, dollar and that of the “ College
News” is one dollar and a half. The sum of these three College
activities is four dollars and thirty-ﬁve cents.

in view of the fact that many who attend State College are
hard pressed financially, why not reduce this tax to ti ve dollars,
which seems to cover the required amount. The total of the
three College activities mentioned above is four dollars and
thirty-live cents. This amount suhstractcd from ﬁve dollars
leaves a balance of sixty—live cents from each student. If this
balance is devoted to the Coach Fund. a total of live hundred and
eightydive dollars would be the result of the tax on nine hundred
students. if the student body of a State institution has enough
initiative 'to collect this sum, will not the ﬁnancial executives of
that State be generous enough to supply the needed balance?
We. a Senior and a Soph, have expressed our opinions con—
cerning this important phase of our College life. \Von’t some
fellow student tell us his View?

 

that the students themselves have been the principal factors in bring-

SENIOR AND SOPH.

