  

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGENEWS, OCTOB ER. .7, 191.7

 

 

V} Elle Two V.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

Vol. 11 , October 17, 1917. No. 5

Published weekly, on Wednesdays ,during the college year, by the
Committee on Publishing a Collegle Weekly Newspaper, New York State
College for Teachers, Albany, N. . I .

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertismg

. rates may be had on application. Articles, manuseripts, eta, intended
for publication must be in the News Box before Saturdays oi the week
preceding publication. »

 

SENIOR EDlTORS ‘ REPORTERS

 

 

Caroline E. [.ipes
Alfred Miller
Donald Tower

Dorothy Banner

Bernice Bronner

Dorothy Wakerly

Kathryn Cole
Stanley Heason
Mildred L. McEwan
Lillian G. Magilton

 

 

OPPORTUNITY

Students of State College, at a time when opportunity is receiv—
ing such marked attention universally, it is well for us to consider
a few of the many opportunities which we have. Not to mention
those afforded us by the college and various educational and cul-
tural institutions of Albany, we must remember that Albany
is the heart of the great educational system of our State, and
the home of the University of the State of New York. State
College is no small part of this organization. and shares largely
in the interests of the mother university.

This week Thursday and Friday occurs the annual coiivmtation
of the University of lhc State of New York. all sessions of which
will he held al Chancellors’ Hall, Education Building. Some
of the most noted educators of the country will speak, as well
as some important men from abroad. Perhaps of greatest iii-
tcrcst arc the addresses by Henry van Dyke, the lircnch [\lll—
bassador and the Russian Ambassador. Such speakers will not
visit the towns where We shall teach. and it is not probable that
they will again visit Albany during our college course.

A schedule of these spccclu-s appears elsewhere in this paper.
State College students, it is not oiily our duty as the future
teachers of this country. but your privilege and opportunity to
attend these meetings. Shall we not show our apprcciation by
ﬁlling the balcony of Chancellors' Hall with S. (I. 'l‘. students?

The “ News " extends its sympathy to Miss liunicc l’crinc of
the Fine Arts Department in her recent bereavement.

 

WE WANT DORMS!

i. am the voice of onc crying in the wilderness. llcarkcnf
‘We are always hearing albout college spirit and college unity.
Everyone talks about them. We ﬁnd them in our papers, in
our student assemblies, in our conversation. The reason our
college is not a stronger unit is because we have no dormitories.
College life, as we are now situated, is not. fostered. At present
'we go with the few people who live near us. lrlnt if there were
idormitorics. we would go with the whole body of students around
us. Then we would meet everyone, whereas now we meet just
1a limited group—those in our classes, the members of our
'sorurity or fraternity, the members of our own clubs. Our lives
are therefore narrower than they would he, could we meet. in
daily contact students from all the clubs all the associations.
all the interests.

There. is no place for general diffusion of good feelingr equal

to the dinner tallilc. 'l‘lierc, if over, people forget the mom:
serious things of life and chat freely. lut we at State t‘ollegc
meet only our personal friends this way. if we had dormitories,
we would continually meet new people who would eventually
be numbered among our friends.
, ,All our agitation regarding,r College Sings would be unneces-
story if we had dormitories. College sings on the campus on
warm evenings and in the gym in winter are customary in col-
legcs where there are dormitories. if you know that Jack and
Mary, and Bob and Kate, are down in the gym singing Solomon
Levi, and if you see everyone from your ﬂoor hustlingr through
Math and l‘hysch and Ed and lesson plans, you are going to
go down too, if you are bashful and hate to meet new people
you will try not to go but you won’t be able to stay away.
You’ll go and you’ll lose that self-consciousness and you’ll make
more friends than you ever dreamed of having,

l')r,n'mitorics would counteract the defect of organizations in
that they would make it ncccssary for the members of each

organization to iraternize with the members of all., They would
cause science lovers to mix with poets, and H. E. people to
chum with A. B.’s.

Why haven’t we dorms? Is it because the State fears‘to spend
that money? But won’t the State get it back? Dormitories in
other. colleges are more than self-supporting. Isnt there .a
capitalist who will build the dormitories and receive both, his
principal and interest from the money paid_in by our students?
Can’t we. campaign this thing and get it. it not for ourselves,
at least for those to come? _ I

,Tliere is a story told of two mice which fell into a‘crock of
cream. One did not struggle and thus drowned. Clhe other
fought and kicked till he ﬁnally made butter. Instantly he
climbed up on it and got out of the crock. 50va we want dorms,
we must say so, and say so loudly and often. We want dorms!

TO THE EDITORS OF STATE COLLEGE NEWS:

It is high time that something be forcefully said concerning
the manner iii which students use the millinery and dressmaking
rooms opening oFf the lower hall in the main building. These
rooms primarily belong to and are for the use of classes in the
School of Practical Arts. but because of the lack of adequate
space in which students may eat their lunches, the rooms have
been open for use during the noon hour.

in return for the privilege thus afforded them, students have
shown great lack of courtesy, judging from the deplorable con-
dition of the rooms any day after the lunch period. instead of
every crumb, every grapeskin, every apple—core, every crumpled
paper being disposed of, the floor and tables are left littered
and disorderly. This condition of affairs greets the teacher of
the first class meeting there after lunch hour, and she must
remedy the confusion before the class can proceed.

To say that this is an imposition upon teachers and classes, is
stating the case lightly. Such a state of affairs cannot be
tolerated longer. Unless the students who use the rooms demon-
stratc during the coming week their good will and desire to
cooperate to the end that the rooms be kept in order, the doors
will be locked throughout the lunch hour. The persons, through
the kindness of whom the rooms have hitherto been lent, feel
that thoughtlessiicss and not real intention is at the root of the
matter.

Authority.

 

STUDENT ASSEMBLY SENIOR DUES
Continued from Page l.

tinned at Gettysburg. gave an

 

Miss Margaret Shevlin,

interesting talk on camp life.
lll closing he expressed the
sentiments of our l-lonor men:
"When we go ‘over there’ we
slia'l take with us the memories
of the good times we have had
here and the ﬁne spirit which is
always prevalent at S. C 'l‘.
.thn we return, and we ex-
pect to return, we know we
shall ﬁnd the same spirit await-
ing us."

FRESHMAN ORGANIZA-
TION

 

Last week Thursday Pres.
Margaret Flinn of the Junior
Class called an ofﬁcial meeting
of the Freshmen for the pur-
pose of oruanization. The fol-
lowing ofﬁcers were elected:
President, John Schulte, East
Hampton, L. l.; Vice Presi—
dent, Alida llallagh. Albany;
Secretary, Martin Barry, Al-
bany; Treasurer. Beatrice lin-
chanan, Albany; Reporter,
Helen Tillie, Albany. The elcc~
tion of Athletic ofﬁcers was left
until a later meetingr which will

 

 

be hold some time this week.

 

treasurer of the Class of 1918,
has announced that the follow—
ing will collect the class dues
from those included in the as-
signed group: Lorne Austin, A
to C; C. Christianscn, C to E;
Rose Goldsmith, F. to H; Adele
Hedges, If to K; Katherine
Miner, K to N; Mildred O’Mal—
lcy, N to S; Grace Smith, S to
T; Dewey Townsend T to X.

ITEMS OF INTEREST

Miss Lucille Stephens ’17 is
teaching the eighth grade in
\h’cstville, Connecticut.

Joseph Sherlock ’19 has en-
listed in the United States
navy. 1

War has its woes for the
Vassar girls. The edict went
forth last week that there will
be no butter at dinner, no hard
boiled eggs for breakfast. Jam,
jellies and gravy will take the
place of.butter. Eggs will be a
la omelctte.

Miss Marguerite Cecelia Al—
berts and Leo Crisogono Ponz
of Manzanillo, Cuba, were mar~
ried Thursday at St. John the
Evangelist church, Schenec-
tady, Mgr. John L. Reilly, of~
iiciating.

Continued on page 4

