  

 

 

l
l

 

 

’ Vol. ill}

    

 

 

a?»
n

 

siliii‘s: gimme news 3‘
October 24. 1917 A No. 6

Published weekly. on Wednesdays, during the college year, by the
Committee on Publishing a Colle§e Weekly Newspaper, New York State
College for Teachers, Albany, N. . ‘

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertismg
rates may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, ete., intended
for publication must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week

preceding publication. .

 

'SlENI‘OR EDITORS REPORTERS

 

 

Caroline E. Lipea
Alfred Miller
Donald Tower

Dorothy Banner

Bernice Bronner

Dorothy Wakcrly

Kathryn Cole
Stanley Henson
Mildred L. MeEwan
Lillian G. Magilton

 

 

WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?

We see by a recent issue of the “ .[lrunonian ” that the " Cain-
_marian Club is planning to get up some kind of an organized
“scheme to get more and better men to come. to Brown.” The
“News” extends its congratulations to llrown on having a club
'with such a progressive spirit and lIelichs that State College
should profit by its example. The Cammarian 'Club, we believe,
began in. the spring by writing prospective students. We should
begin now. Now is the time to pledge ourselves to a program
that will put S. C. T. in aposition to attract the best in the
‘State. Let us forget our eternal “ ifs " and “What Other Col-
leges Do," and " They look down on us,” and just recall that
graduate colleges give  C. T. graduates a rating in academic

v work equal to any, and far better than many whose name appears

daily on the sporting page. The saying that ” No one respects
a man who doesn’t respect himselfﬂf is as true of colleges as of,
individuals. With a just pride in.the progress we have made.
let usever strive to do better.

. L’ct’sget, out and get acquainted. .Last week some of our:
wirleLawake‘ Sophomores introduced tlIen‘IseIVcs. to a few Fresh-
’men',,and this Week one Soph was tellingr his friends that he
‘llg’l,(il1’t realized before what a ﬁne bunch of lj‘rcshmcu we had.

..:f_l‘oo often welIear sonieSSenior say ‘f So and so is one line fellow,

'[ never really. knew that chap before.” This doesn’t mean that
hazing is necessary to become acquainted. Last year Dr.
'fl‘homp‘son gave Vyillingly of his time to help with a glee club.
"and stiggeStctl various other ways of ‘bringing the men together.
7A" handful showed life. ; Yet we hear it said the Profs take
'no interest in student activities. excepting to pile on work.
'This year both Dr. Thompson and Prof. Douglasare helping
‘with our sings.' What. are you going to do about it?.

' 52~\gain"wh‘en it comes to doing student organization work, we
learn “ it is of no use for me to try, there’s a certain clique that
has everything.” Well, bear in.mi.nd that one never yet got
anywhere. least of all in a working clique, by folding the hands,
looking resigned and forgetting‘to work. Can you think of any—
thing man about it? Last fall it was aboutthc same thing with
basket ball; “ What's the use of my trying out, i don’t stand a

.ghbst of a‘slIi'»i\!+iIIiglI,t as well ,walk home with a girl every

afternoon.” Don’t try that bluff this year‘, as there isn’t a man.
so farmSurc of makingthe team.‘ What have you got to say
about 1i_t,'~—" I still take my walk? "V , I .

- Student‘s, do you .want ‘fmorc and. better men " at S. C. T.?
Their bear in Ijnind‘that it can be said of future good students

it)

as'of birds: .xirds of a feather flock together.” Are you gomg

’t’odoanything about'lit? ‘_ (_ p
r   - ‘THE ATHLETIC SITUATION

 Yesterdavae saw a good sight. There were men out prac~
ftising'jfor' basket ball! Although it is good to have something
;bcing'd0ne. we ought to realize that the situation is not an
encouraging one. With the exception of‘vFra‘ncis Fitzgerald ’Ig,
there isn’t a single ’varsitv man left iii-College. 'lVe shall miss
lCoewey. ,loncs._Stanley Fitzgerald, Hohaus and Honey Miller.
"l‘heir enthusiastic playing put 'Stat’c College on the map of the
athletic world. Barrv alone of the new men, and they are very
‘fcw...is uscdto the ﬂoor. Some of the- fellows who came out
‘ycstcrdav have the right spirit. but before they can 'be ready to
meet skilled opponents they must practice ever so hard. But
While the squad is working up let the rest of us be getting ready
to root and yell from the side-lines at every game, every time.

,1  -‘ t , STA-TE cop-Leos N‘EWS, OCTOBER”, 19.;

Sol Merzger’s words in Sunday’s “Press” make. us hopeful

for. agood season in basket ball. Hesays that although the
stars are gone, the boys who are in College show promise.
Practice they want and practice they’ll get-«and then they will
give us a good year in this apart all oycr the country. Our own
men will be as good as the fellows In any college If they Wlll

 

only work their heads off for victories. v

 

ATHLETICS
Coach vMarooney announces

'that men’s gym classes will

meet after November I.

All people who are interested
in inter-class basketball are
urged to come to practice which
is now being,r held each aftcr~
noon in the gym.

G. A. A.

At a meeting of the Girls’
Athletic Association Wednes-
day it was voted to have the
long—postponed hike Saturday.
October 27th. The place is
the Normanskill. Wear your
bloomers under your skirts.
Come prepared for a ‘hike, not
an afternoon party.

The Frolic will be held No-
vember Ioth in the gymnasium
at 7:30 p. m. Wear your
bloomers and sneakers.

FACULTY BANQUET

An informal reception and
banquet for the members of the
faculty v and their wives was
held in the 'collcge gymnasium
Saturday evening at 6:30. Dr.
Harry Hastings and Prof. \Vin-
frcd Decker were the commit-
tee in charge.

COLLEGE CLUB

The College Club at the State
College for Teachers enjoyed
an address by Mr. Charles
Cooper, superintendent of prac—
tice teaching at Brockport Nor-
mal. He spoke of the import—
ance of environment in the for~
mation of character. His char-
acterization of the qualiﬁcations
of the teacher was particularly
apt. The teacher should have
the education of a college pres:
ident. the consecration of a
clergyman, grace of God. craft-
iness of a politician, quickness
of lightning, humility of a deal
con. be an angel for temper,
have the adaptability of a
chameleon. and the persistency
of the devil.

MUSIC CLUB

Music Club meets Monday,
October 29th, in the auditorium
at 3:45. Another opportunity
is given to those who wish to
become members. Also, bring
your college song books and be
prepared to sing. To correct a
wrong impression some stu-
dents ‘have. we state that mem-

bership is open to anyone who'

is_willing to perform in some
way before the club. This may
be along the lines of music,
reading or recitation.

 

items of Interest

 

All those who desire copies
of last year’s "News" to fill
out their ﬁles may obtain them
at the publication ofﬁce during
the week.

 

(.iirls! Here is a chance for
you to learn to swim. All
Y. W. C. A. members are to
have the privilege of special
swimming lessons at the bath.
corner Ontario street and Cen~
tral avenue. If you are not a
member of Y. VV., and wish to
join, you may do so at any time.
The hours have been arranged
as follows: Free lessons on
'l‘hursday at 9:20 and [I :I0 and
on Friday at 4.145. On Tues-
day at 4:45 a fee of ten cents
will be charged. Bathing suits
may be rented, but bring your
own caps. Helen Fay will take
charge.

 

Don’t forget that when you
feel happy, or especially thank—
ful, you will drop a penny in
your mission bag, if you have
not received one you may pro-
cure it from Y. \V. oﬂiccrs.
Some day next semester Y. W.
will have a party, at which
these bags will be collected.
Don’t neglect to get your bag,
for you know what lovely par-
ties Y. W. C. A. gives!

 

The Capital District Life Un—
derwriters have arranged for
two lectures, one on October
26, by Mr. Charles De Rouville,
and the other on November 21.
by Mr. George Buck. These
lectures will touch on life in-
surance and the war, and will
dwell on the new insurance
which the Government is issu-
ing for soldiers. These lectures
will be given during Friday
morning chapel periods.

WOMAN SUFFRAGE

 

A splendid opportunity to
hear some of the noted expo‘
nents of woman suffrage is
offered to those of our student
body who wiSh to grasp it. A
suffrage mass meeting will be
held in Harmanus Bleeckcr
Hall. Sunday, October 28th.
Dr. Anna Howard Shaw. hon-
orary president of the National
American Woman Suffrage As-
sociation. and William H.
VVadhams, Justice of the New
York Court of General Ses—
sions, are the speakers.

