  

 

 

 

 

 

Pele Two'

 

“sure COLLEGE news

December 12. 1917 No. 12

Vol. ll

Published weekly, on Wednesdays during the colic e year, by the-
Weekly e

Committee on Publishin a Colle e ew York State

Collegefor Teachers, Al any, N. .
The.:aubscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertising
rates may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, etc, intended
. for publication must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week

preceding publication. '
' semen EDITORS

wspaper,

REPO RTERS

 

Caroline E. Lipes
Alfred Miller
Donald Tower

Dorothy Banner

Bernice Bronner

Dorothy Wakerly

Kathryn Cole
Stanley Heason
Mildred L. MeEwan

STEP-SINGING AGAIN

 

We, as a colic e, have practically no traditions. The graduate from
Harvard, Yale, oigate, or Cornell returns to his Alma Mater, to ﬁnd
the traditions of his day still in vogue, the old songs still being sung.
’ e halls may have taken on a different aspect, the friends of his
college days may have grown few in number as the years have passed,
but the traditions and the songs still remain unchanged. They are the
links which really bind him to his Alma Mater.

It would be most pleasant to return to this institution, ten, twenty,
or,cven thirty years from now, and ﬁnd the ceremonies that had been
inaugurated during our college days being carried out; find the songs
that had been written by members of our class, being sung.

We are so situated that we cannot do many of the things that other
colleges canI but we have one feature of which we ought to be
particularly proud. This is our impressive steps on the Western
Avenue side of this building. Let us make use of them.

he plan for step-singing is this: During the warm autumn and spring
days, the student body is to congregate upon the steps, at an hour when
the greatest number can be present.— perhaps around five o’clock in the
afternoon. Here it is to sing class songs and college songs. Each
class is to'have its special position on the stcp5,—-this position to be
traditional. On “ Moving-Up Day," a special ceremony is to be carried
out, when the Seniors, with an appropriate song, give up their place on
the steps, to the Juniors. who take it, as they sing their class song.

Members of the faculty have approved of this movement. Myskania
approves. Students have voiced their enthusiasm. Members of the
Sophomore Class are working now on class songs, which are to be sung
by that class at a series of “Class Sings " to be held in the rotunda
of this building, until the weather permits “ outdoor " singing.

But, students, this project cannot be carried out by a few enthusiastic
persons. It cannot be carried out by one class.

WE ALL HAVE AN EQUALle IMPORTANT PART IN MAK-
ING IT A SUCCESS.-

Let us all take an interest.

Let us all become enthusiastic.

Let us, the student body as’ a whole, join hands in this matter for the
glory of OUR Alma Mater.

REPORT OF STUDENTS’ FRIENDSHIP WAR FUND

t

-At least $1,000,000 from the students and faculty members was the
goal for the country. We went beyond i .
New York State took as its share at least $100,000. Did we reach it?
Look over the following:
Columbia University: '
$10,700

  

 
    
  
   
 
  

 

          
 
   

 

Graduate and Undergradutc Schools . . . . . ..

Teachers College . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . 28,100

Barnard College . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . 8.033

College of Physicians and Surgeons . . . . . . .. 3,200
, , $50,033
Cornell UniverSity. . . . 20,000
Vassar College . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 15,919
The Misses Masters Schooi.. 5,700
Adelphi College . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3,078
New York State College for Teachers 2,337
Colgate University ..  . . . . . . . . . . . .. 1,800
Hunter College   1,800
University of Rochester .. 1,500
Wells College . . . . .  1,400
New York University . 1,176
Pawling School . . . . . .. 1,000
Cascadilla School .. 1,000
Hamilton College . 814
Union College  ..  807
Cornell Medical College  , . 400
Auburn Thelogical Seminary  356
College of the City of New York.. ' 218
The Castle School‘................... . . . . . . . . .  210
New York University and Bellevue Medical College. 200
Peekskill Military Academy .. .  . 200
Cosmopolitan Club, New York City... .. .. 182
N. Y. Homeopathic Medical College......   75
FriendsAcademy............. . . . . .  5
$110,210

Did you have a share invthis truly wonderful campaign?
Yes! Well, then you are to be congratulate
The next important step is to see that every cent pledged is actually

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. DECEMBER, 12 1917

paid in to your local treasurer, who should forward partial payments
regularly to the National Treasurer, Francis 5. Phraner, Room 1817, 25
Madison Avenue, New York City.

Let us make a record for promptness in sending in money and closing
up accounts.

PAY NOW

The time set for the payment of Student Friendship Fund pledges was
January lsl. However, as we shall not be at college then the time will
probably be extended to January 4th, and even then the usual number
of people will beg for more time. It is easy to believe that if we put off
payment until after thc.vacatiou, the money will come harder then than
now, Not half of our assessment has come in, and there are but ten days
before vacation. Make an extra effort to pay before then, so that this
matter can be settled up promptly. Do not delay but make out the
check now and turn it in. The name of the college is iiivoiveri in this
matter—it is a question of our reputation. We do not want to get the
name of being slnggards. Our honor men did not wait for the draft. They
volunteered—paid in advance. Let us do as they have done, mindful
ever that our many small sacrifices cannot balance their one great one.

As you come in the building these last few days of college, when you
see first our National flag, and then our service flag—the one meaning

our love and the other our honor—remind yourself to meet this test of

your loyalty. Pay your pledge iiowl

smei

That we all like, want and need to sing needs no proof. All over the
city groups of students gather in the boarding houses and sing,——but
there is seldom a combination of all of the groups. Once only have
we had a “ College Sing." More are coining,—m.’1ybc.

Every Monday evening there is held a public “sing” in the Auditorium
of the Education building. A few of our college students go, but very
few. Donbtlcss the reason is that we don't know what we’re missing.
Each time the hall is packed, and the music is great! Patriotic and
popular songs are thrown on the screen and the famous director, Dr.
Alfred iizillam of New York leads in a hearty sing. The admission is
free. All we need do is go,—— and we’re welcome. Why can’t we have a
"State College Night." and all turn out? A chance for a good get-
togL-thcr, a good sing, and a chance to advertise our college. A chance
to show Albanians that we are a real live State College, not "the Normal."
Students! Let’s go! Let’s sing! And be ready for unison singing at
our games!

TO THE EDITOR:

Owing to the great rush of men who are anxious to enlist in the Navy,
it is advisable that young men who are planning to enlist will do so
before the last few days of the period. if they neglect it there is a
possibility that some will find they are too late.

P. F. l-lAM'BSCH.

Ensign U. S. N.
ON TO UNION

Friday night our team lost its first game to Manhattan by two points.
The game was a fast, clean one and tho' the score was against us, we
refuse to consider ourselves beaten. Friday night of this week we are
going to play and beat Ciarkson. And then Saturday night ON TO
UNION! All college people should attend this game, going in a solid
body. The expenses total $1.05. There is no reason why every sup-
porter of the Purple and Gold should not go ON TO UNTON.

—-The Noise Twins.

OPPORTUNITY FOR

Men’s “Get Together" A Crest 'Siieeeu
STATE COLLEGE MEN

Continued [ram Page .
an exhibition of the splendid work
that Coach Maroney is doing. The
formal program was ended by a
basketball game in which the Frosh
put it over the Sophs, to the time of

IT to
Prof.

Ensign Hambseh Explains
Naval Flying Corps

Now'came the best of all. The expansion of the Flying

 

Rislcy announced the cats, Douglas
showed up with his gimbel and
straw and soon the juice was run-
ning. Profs. Decker and Birch—
cnough took the boys over on the
court and showed them some fancy
basketball shots, while Dr. Painter
explained to Cash Logan the
Psychology of dancing. We regret

gto say that in spite of all of the
‘Checr leaders could do by cheers

or singing. they were unable to get
Messrs. Richardson, Walker, Hast—
ings or Hidley more than arm
length from the “keg.” Even
whiskers were unable to hide one
man's pleasure. _

It was was with real regret that
the Good Night cheer was given
and the men with the largest ca-
pacity gathered to help Douglas
Clean Up. This night is one that
will long live in the minds of the
men and perhaps before long form
pleasant recollections for some
Yank in the trenches "over there.”

 

Corps of the Navy will necessitate
the enlistment in the regular Navy
or enrollment in the Reserve of
great numbers of machinists, quart—
crmasters, carpenters mates, black-
smiths and coppersmiths. While it
is preferable to enlist these men in
the regular service the need of men

'15 so great that those who seem
ihttcd and wish to serve only for the

neriod 0f the war may be enrolled
in the Reserve.

Qualiﬁcations for enlistment in
the Reserve are the same. Ratings
and training are the same in both.
The general requirements are
American citizenship, intelligence
the regular service or enrollment in
and reputable character.

To enlist as Landsman for Quart-
ermaster the man must haVe a.
general manual training although
no actual trade experience is re-
quired. Trades such as rigging.

Continued 01! page 4

