 

 

 

stars COLLEGE. news, FEBRUARY 28, 1917

 

 

 

PmTWo
STATE COLLEGE NEWS to many had seemed the impossible, the defeat of the strongest
 'A Weekly Journal R. P. I. team that has played the game in years. It (lid one good
to see our old rivals go down to defeat before woman. It was
Vol. 1 February 28. 1917 No. 17 our answer to their and other colleges’ apparent unwdlingness
We have forced them

..Published weekly, on Wednesdays, during the college year, by the Com-
mittee On Publishing a College Weekly Ncw9paper. Class of 1918, New York
State College'for Teachers, lbauy, N. Y. > 7 - .

'The‘ subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertising rates
may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, clc., intended for publica-
tion must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week preceding
publication. .

The Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper.
Class of i918. '
Alfred E. Dedicke, Editor-in-Chief
Subcommittees
Editorial' C mm?!” C mmm‘tfte on Finance
“Alfred E. Dedicke Lillian G. Magilton
’05‘ A' Walk" Commiffce on Adverfiring

Cbmmillee an Subrcripfiam Slim!” 535°“
Dorothy Austin Henry L. Greenblatt

Kathryn Cole Alfred E. Dedicke

Conn/filler on News
Committee on Circulation M fldred McEwan
Mildred McEwan Stanley "ensur-
Himry L. Greenblatt Elms“ Lansmg
Kathryn Cole

Kathryn Cole
’ ' . Elmeita Van Dcloo
Committee on Cartoon: Ray Townsend
Ben}. Cohen

Maud Rose

 

 

ATTEND THE HOBART GAME.

- While it is hardly believable. yet it is a fact, that many of the
students have not attended a single basketball game this seasnn.
Aud,‘vcrily, there are members of the faculty who have no better
record. The basketball team is about to end a season which is
the most remarkable any State College team has ever had.
Manager Pearsall scheduled only teams from the best colleges.
and as;a result State College has secured a good standing in the
intercollegiate athletic world. He and his assistants have worked
hard for your interests. The men on the team have played the
game in a manner that has brought honor to you and your Col-

lege. Coach VVachter has given of his best to make the season a
success. [)0 you appreciate what those men have done for you!
Yes. Then prove it by going to the game Saturday night. Let

us get together and Show that we. after all. are of the stuff college
men and womgn are made of. Let the slogan be. “ Have you
bought your ticket? ” Let everyone of us work hard to make the
last appearance of our team on the court this season an occasion
long to be riamembered. Let us endeavor to send Hobart home
defeated, if possible, but, defeated or not. let us be sure to give
them the unmistakable impression that they met a good team and
alive college.

THE MEANING OF THE VICTORY.

Not one of us who witnessed the glorious victory of our basket—
ball'five over R. P. I. last Saturday evening,r but has acquired a
deeper feeling of loyalty for our'Collegc and a better apprecia-
tion of what it all means. We have heard much about love of
Alma Mater; volumes have been written; appeal upon appeal has
gone forth to love the College and to be loyal. Yet all the
oratory of a decade and all the efforts of a hundred writers never
achieved that wonderful transformation in the studcnt body
which that single basketball game on last Saturday evening
brought about. 'l‘wenty‘minutcs of the hardest fighting a State
College team has ever done brought. it is true. a victory over
R. I“. l. to us, but beyond that. and of much greater significance.
it brought with it the awakening of real spirit, real love. of Col-
lege. genuine loyalty to the Purple and Gold. No one can esti-
mate how much that means. it certainly means that hereafter
nothing will be impossible, that the students will gladly sacrifice
their utmost for the good of State College.

Jones, Fitzgerald, Goewey. Miller, Hohaus. W e have on half
of fame for them. but if a niche in our hearts is a good substitute
they have it. and in our memory they have been placed never to
be forgotten. These men have come through a season of ad-
versity with heads up, with a defermimition to make good and
a stubbornness of purpose which are amazing. livery contest
they entered. no matter what the strength and the reputation of
the opponent. found them lighting to the limit. From week to
week their game improved until in the end they achieved what

to recognize us as one of their number. ‘
to do so.‘ They will realize now that the Normal School on the
bill has grown into a college that must be reckoned With.

STUDENTS ARE READY FOR VOTE.

 

In class meetings held last Friday morning both the Junior and
Sophomore classes voted in favor of a tax on the students to
defray the expenses incurred by all student activities. - The
Sophomores in an open vote unanimously decided that 21 ten-
dollar tax is the proper sum to assess. While this vote seems a
fair representation of' the sentiment of the studentbody in,
general, yct much more reliance can be placed on the result of a
secret ballot taken amongr the Juniors. Each of the latter stated
the amount he or she favored. and the result was that out of
one hundred and thirteen juniors twenty favored a tax of five
dollars, fifteen one of seven or seven and a half and seventy»
eight one of tcn dollars. 'Since no tax will affect the present
Seniors next year they will undoubtedly be in favor of any rea-
sonable amount decided upon. The lireshmcn alone arc still to:
be heard from. There is only a very slight possibility, if any,
of the ability of the first year pcoplcto block the measure. should"
they desire to do so, and besides we believe that they, like the
Uppcrclassmcn, favor the same. '

The time is ripe for the measure to be introduced. All argu—
ments pro and con have been heard; all minds are made up;-

 First

of the wound which

 

there is no time like the present to take the vote.

 

DR. DRAPER GIVES
LECTURE.

Dr. Edwin L. Draper rc-

rcccntly spoke before the class

in Chemistry Methods on
Aid.” He said that
one of the troubles that doctors
run across was that a large
number of people try to uccom»
plish too much in the first aid
treatment they administer. and
that a great deal of damage is
done. First aid \Vnrk, except
for minor cuts and burns.
should be only of the kind flint
will be best until the doctor ur-
i'ivcs, and he should be suin-
moncd at once if the injury is
at all dangerous.

Carbolic acid should not be
used as an antiseptic, as it not
only is a d‘adly poison. but
forms a coatingr on the surface
will not
permit thepussngc of the acid
to that part of the wound where
the foreign material is congre—
gated. Mercury bichloride is
also dangerous because of its
being a poison; at the some
time. the wound is generally in—
sntlicicutly washed to do any
good. Hydrogen peroxide is
good. and may he used diluted
with an equal volume of \\’.'llCl'.

The best trcnlnurnt to give a
wound is In wash it out with a
g‘oml white soap and lots of
warm wafer. and then bandage
it up using; a compress and a
clean woven material. Dress-
ings. such as carbolizcd vasc—
line. are generally worthless.

ln speakingr of burns, Dr.
Draper said that carron oil,
made by mixing; equal parts of
linseed or olive oil and lime-
watcr. was a good. thing:y to ap-

 

ply. although physicians now
were lettint,r the air get directly
to the burn in many cases.

All through Dr. Draper’s talk
he advocated the policy of ” lci
nlone." and nature would look
offer the injury. if vlig‘ht, better
than any substance that couth
be applied.

 

NEW COURSE PLANNED
IN INDUSTRIAL DEPT.

At the last meetingr of the-
industrial Organization the
members had the pleasure of
havng Miss Perinc deliver an
illustrated lecture on Design as:
Applied to industrial Arts.
The Industrial men have al-
ways realich the necessity of
Design as an aid to improve
their projects. and as a result
of this splendid illustration a-
mutual agreement has been
made by Miss Pcrinc and this-
Dcpnrtment to arrange for a
course in Design as Applied to
industrial Arts. All students
interested are invited to join
the class.

The next meetingr will be
held on Monday. diarclh 5th. at
4.45 p. m.. in Room 161.
FRESHMEN GIRLS ELECT

CAPTAIN AND MAN-

AGER.
llcfcuc Nolan has been
chosen captain. and Beulah

Cunningham manager of the
Freshmen (lirls' ll. ll. squad.
'l‘he li‘rosh will play their first
game 'l‘hursday noon at 12.
when they will niect their
sister class. the Juniors, on the
Court.

