 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page Two . 1 STATE COLLEGE NEWS. APRIL 18, 1917 ’
I l l I ‘ STATE COLLEGE NEWS Is not this possibility worthy of'sober thought? Can we
\ A Weekly Journal continue with our “unspeakable levity ” and indifference in the
" ' face of such danger? Have we neither the intelligence to
V0], 1 April 18. 1917 No, 22 understand, nor the will to do and to refrain from doing until

 

Fablished weekly, on Wednesdays, during the college year, by the Com-

.mittee on Publishing a Colle e Weekly Newspaper, Class of 1918, New York
State College for Teachers, lbany, N. Y.
' The subscription-rated! One dollar and a half a year. Advertising rates
may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, etc, intended for publica-
tingl must be in the News Box‘ before Saturdays of the week preceding
'pu icat on.

The Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper,
Class of 1918. ‘
. Alfred E. Dedicke, Editor-in-Chief
Subcommittees
Editorial Committee Committee on Finance
Alfred E. Dedicke Lillian G. Magilton
105‘ A‘ wa’k" Committee on Advertising

. - . tanlcy Henson
Commgeeogn i‘fggwwm Henry L. Greenblatt
' 122mg,“ Co]; Alfred E. Dedickc

Committee on New:
Cammiuee on Circulation Mildred McEwan
Mildred McEwan Stinky Henson
Henry L. Greenblatt E1015“ Lammﬂ
Kathryn Cole K?” TY“ C0“?
, Elmena Van Dcloo
Committee on Cartoon: Ray Townsend
Ben}. Cohen Maud Rose

 

OURSELVES AND THE CRISIS.

 

If we ‘students of State College have returned from the
spring recess with the same light hearts, the same sense of free-
do!" from responsibility, the same complacent and serene view
of the immediate future with which we departed for our homes
some two weeks ago, there is something radically wrong with
us. If we do not feel our hearts gripped by an earnest convic-
tion that great duties, great dangers, great sacrifices. great sor—
rows are sternly facing us. then we are in urgent need of being
rudely awakened to the realization of the grim realities. that are
standing at our doors. .

America is at war! America, the peace—loving. the patient.
the forbearing, has at last found its position of outraged ncu-
trality so intolerable, that it has taken open issue with those
forces that are threatening world—wide destruction of demo-
cratic government and democratic institutions. America is at
war! State College student, what do you think about it?

Are you satisfied to feel that the lighting is taking place in
France over across sonic three thousaan miles of ocean, and
that, though you many behold some thousands of young Ameri—
cans march away to take ship for the scene of conflict, yet it is
a matter of no immediate concern to you. and that there is no
particular reason why you should not proceed undisturbed and
nnruftled along" the way of self-satisfied existence? it is to be
admitted that such an attitude may shortly be proved justifiable;
the newspapers are predicting peace before the end of the sum-
mer, and many well informed men declare that the whole system
of autocracy, against which we are struggling, is about to
crumble to ruins. If this be so, well and good, We may then
afford to be indifferent, and thanking our stars that there was a

‘ British navy and a French army, go on with our cherished pur-
suit of happiness. But, unfortunately. there is another possi—
bility.

is there tin-significance to be attached to the fact that the
allied governments are welcoming us into the conflict with open

' arms? Does the commission from France and " r'and, now
on its way to America, mean nothing? Are they signs that the
rend of the war is in sight? No, peace is a long way off we ven‘
ture to prophesy, and we add the solemn warning that before
it is attained. more than a few of us jmay meet ﬁrst~hand some
of the grievous sorrows that have been comingr home to the
peoples of Europe duringr the past three years. Let us not forget
that the prospect of a separate peace between Russia and the
I'iohcnmllcrcns is daily looming larger. and that if Such a peace
is brought about, England and France will be crushed in the
field. and the present barriers that scpa'atcs us from the distant
conflict will be removed. Then, \vc..-‘\mm‘irans. no longer safe
behind three thousand miles of the Atlantic will know from a
more reliable source than newspaper accounts, what Belgium
and Poland has suffered.

  

this awful conflict has passed? Truly, this is a time which
should bring out the best that is in us. Let us heed the exhorta—
tions of the head of't'he nation and all others in authority and
adopt, every one of us, a policy of strict personal economy—
cconomy in dress, pleasure, and every othcrpossible manner.
Let us all ﬁnd a place this coming summer wherein we may be
of some small measure of service to the government in its prose-
cution of the war. =Atbovc all, let us he keenly, sobcrly conscious
of the great ordeal into which we have committed ourselves.
THE NAVYWANTS YOU!

\Vc have been in communication recently with Mr. “7111. l.
\Valkcr, of the local Citizcns’ Naval Committee, who is (lCSil‘OllS
of inducing some of the State College men to answer the call of
the U. S. Navy, which is at the present time very much in need
of recruits. ‘

in a letter to us Mr. Walker says in part:

“It is most essential that the men of State College for
Teachers maintain its glorious reputation. made by thcbravc
boys who left in 1861, by coming forward now at this tremendous
crisis and applying for positions in the United States Navy.
The navy is in urgent need of young men both as enlisted seamen
and as ofﬁcers, and it is to be hoped that the men of your col—
lcgc will not wait for further urging. but will come forward at
once.

“ We must have 800 men in the Albany district by April 20.
Won’t you do your share? "

We would recommend an immediate personal interview with
Mr. \'\"alkcr to those men who are interested in the navy as the
branch of service in which they may enlist. He will «be at the
ofﬁce of the Citizens‘ Committee in the City Hall every dav until
April 2otb. .

The Navy ought to be an ideal branch for those men in col-
lege who intend to enlist and who have not yet reached the age
of nineteen, for such men can enlist with a fair chance of gaining
admission to the U.  Naval Academy at .'\nuapolis through
cmnpctitive examinations. One hundred men are appriintcd‘in
that way from the rank and Iilc of the Navy each year. The
only condition is that the candidate be under twcnlv rears of
age and that he has served at lcast one year. All mdu ivho are
young cncugh, should consider the Navy.

 

PROF. DOUGLAS HOLDS
QUESTION BOX.

SIGNAL CORPS ORG AN-
IZED.

The State College Signal
Corps has been organized with
the follmving officers and incin—

Last Monday evening Prof.
Douglas conducted “The
Question llox,” which is a new

 

feature on the program of the hers: Edward L. Long, com~
industrial Organization. The mzlndmg olhccr; Jesse A.

practice teachers as well as the
other students of the evening
and day courses handed in
questions referring to indus—
trial work and these were an—
swered by the various mem—
bers of the organization. if a
question was not fully an-
swered. it was then “up to "

Prof. Douglass to give all the

necessary information. Those
who were present certainly en—
ioycd the pro ‘am. He had a
jcst for practically every an—
swer, not only because they
learned many interesting little
facts which they could not
easily have found out other—
wise, but also because of the
humorous and vcrv entertain-
ing way in which f‘rof. Doug-

 

las brought out his points.
The meetingr was declared a

SUCCESS by all and another one
on the same order is being
looked forward to.

 

Jones, aide; (I.  \Vood, secre-
tary and treasurer; Walter
llcrrington, jos. ‘Shcrlock,
'l‘hcodorc tCassavant, Guy V.
llruce, joscph T. Sproule.
James W. Wilbur and Howard
E, \Vhitncy.

Dr. llrubachcr and Dr. llalc
have consented to act as a
faculty council.

The aim of the members of
the organization is to become
proficient in the art of signal~
ling. especially with radio ap—
paratus, in order that they may
he of service to the country in
case of need. The corps is at
present practicing the code and
constructing a portable wire—
less set, which they hope to
have ready for use in about
three weeks. A few more mcn
can be used advantageously.
Any desiring to join the corps
should consult Edward Long,
commanding ofﬁcer, Room [56.

