 
 
 
 

 

s'm're COLLEGE News

 

 

v orieberis. 19,11,

 

Published weekly, on Wednesdays, durln the college year, by the
Committee on Publisln’n r a Colle e Weekly ewwaper, New York State
College for Teachers, Al any, N. . . .  , ‘ _
Z'The'subscrip'tioii rate is one dollar and a half a car. Advertising
rates may be had On application. Articles, manuscripts, etc, intended
for-publicationmust be- in the‘was Box before Saturdays of the week
preceding publication.

A

"" ‘SEuiQE EDITORS 'REPORTERS

 

 

     

Caroline E. Lipes
Alfred Miller
Donald Tower

Dorothy Banner

~ Kathryn. Cole ,
, r“. Sianley Henson

Mildred L. McEwan
nun; c. Magilton

 

   

 

 

V The WORK OF MISS McCLELLAND

 

After forty-eight years of faithful service to State College,
Miss .Mary‘ McClellan‘d has retired from the college faculty.
Miss'McCle‘lland was appointed teacher of English and history
iiiTIStﬁQ'and Since that time she has been ameinber of the regular
t-c‘achirigffaciil-ty. .In 1909, when ‘the college moved to its present
home atIWeStern Ave. and Robin St., Miss McClelland took
charge ofith‘o library, which, With the growth of the institution,
had cbnietto need:thc care of one gifted with much executive
ability. ‘Last year,‘in addition to the library work, .she taught
a classin histor . '

Miss MciClelland has published many sketches, historical and
biographical, as'wcll as storicsfpocms and songs, and has ire—

qucntly contributed to the “Echo.” At the request of President"

Briibacher she compiled a memorial volume of the late Dr.
William J. Milne.- Among the several educational organizations
with which Miss ,McClelland is connected are: The Association
of‘History Teachers of the Middle States and Maryland, and
The English Council. She is a member of the College Club and
an honorary member of Promethean.

Miss McClelland is very popular with the student body, and
the‘graduates and present students will always remember her
talks given each year a few days after the opening of college.
It. is difﬁcult to imagine how one could be more solicitous of
the welfare of the students than was Miss McClelland. Never
didtshespare any effort in behalf of those who were earnestly
seeking the way to advancement. Miss McClelland’s devotion
- to ‘the teaching profession may well Serveas an ideal to which
State College students should aspires I ',

ONE! TWO! THREE. NOW SING!

 

Music is the human safety valve. In almost all of the news
from the front, there is frequently a paragraph or two, dealing
with the attitude of “ Sammie,” " Tommy," “ Jack,” or “ Fritz,"
toivard his job. 'It seems that as long as the soldier can sing,
and thus “ let‘ot’E steam” from overworked nerves, he is happy.
During,r the siege of Yprcs, the 1brave “Princess Pats ” of the
Canadian forces, screwed up their courage,'while their numbers
were being practically annihilated, with strains of “Tipperary,”
"-GodiSAVé the King," and other songs from which they gained
an inspiration to dare and do. Music—even the common folk—
song‘é‘bccan‘w it'is music, takesthe individual above himself,
and brightens his soul. It lubricates the friction between the
grindi’of harsh facts and aestheticaspirations.

"Not all Offus have opportunity~to face annihilation before the
forces of European autocracy, altlio‘ugh occasionally we do face it
before thepossib'lity‘oi a D, or‘an E, or an F, on our report
cards. This, added to the nncertaintﬁof the morrcyw, and the
pity, anxiety, and sympathy we feel for those who will soon be
“going over the top," make us as students, feel sometimes that
if the tension isn't relieved in some way. something within us is
surely‘going to snap. We necd'the pleasure that is shared in

fellowship.‘ When we attend expensive parties or the theatre,
we feelthat We are enjoying more than our share. There is one
pleasure which the entire 'studeuti‘body may have for the asking.
that is.———4 music,~ song. I . ‘

'l‘ho‘sc‘of us who attended the Y. W. C.‘A.'party Friday night,
know what a pleasurcit is to be a part of the group which Prof.

No. 3,

 

v STATE "COLLEGE ,NEws,»,ocr013ER 3. 19;;

Douglas leads in singing college songs” We have our College 
Song Book. Let us use it! Why confine our Singing to~1ust
one big "sing" a year? There is a chance for Music Club to
ensnare 'Prof. Douglas, and persuade him to arrange more
“ sings "— in which all may have a share. By the time that the
basketball season opens, we should be so practiced as to give
the ‘visiting teams and their rootcrs, a good bit of the 'best liar:
mony ever heard. And it is the very best harmony when State

'College studcnts sing! Now that our men are reduced in num-

ber, it Will be harder for us to make our voices last 'thru a whole
evening of yelling. Why not snbstituc good lively‘singing for
some of the yells? It Will make the yells sound better. Let us
this year make for ourSelves a reputation for being the best song—

7 -stcrs among our rivals. We can have a better chorus than most

of the colleges we meet on the court. for ours will be one com-

 

 

posed of mixed voices. Students, what say you?

SUPERVI-SED_ RECREA-
TION REQUIRED IN

H. .

“ On or before September r,
1917, a minimum of three addi-
tional hours a week in super—
vised recreation will be re-
quircd in all schools. This
provision may be met either in
the school program or
equivalents accepted from the
home or community activities
of the child.”

Dorothy Austin, Kathryn
Cole, Adele Hedges and Lorna
Austin have been appointed to
carry out this regulation in the
Milne High School.

PHYSICAL DIRECTORS
‘ MEET

A meeting of the Physical
Directors Association of the
Capitol District was held in the
State College gymnasium on
Saturday, September 29th, for
con fcrciice and to get acquainted
with the new members. The
ofﬁcers of the Association are:
Pres, Prof. Lawrence Hill,
physical director at Albany High

School ; Vice—President, Prof.
Archibald Swaim, director of
physical training of Troy

schools; secretary, Miss John—
son, of Albany High School;
Treasurer, Miss O’Keefe, of Al-
bany High School.» Among the
teachers in attendance was Mrs.
Pierson, who was formerly Miss
Dunsford, and physical director
at one time in State College.

IWAR LIBRARY FUND

 

Mr. I. I. Wyer wishes to
thank the students of State Col-
lege in behalf of the Albany
Committee for their generous

contribution to the War Library

Fund.

The contributions from the
classes were as follows:
jFreshmen . . . . . . . . . . . $5 02
Sophomores . .  IO 95
Juniors . . . . . . . . . . . .. 4 64
'Seniors............. 439

Totals. . . . . . . . . . . $95 00

, In addition several pledges of
books andemagaziues were re—
ceived. -

 

USE COLLEGE
STATIONERY!

 

Show your college spirit in
the use of scaled stationery.
Herctofore college paper has
been procnrable only at the

W. C. A. salcs’ table two or
three times annually. Anyone
desiring paper. at any time may
obtain it through the Y. W.
Sales Committee: Lois Knox,
’19, Freshman Locker Room,
40;. Elizabeth MacMachan ’18;

Hazel Beyers ’19; Marion

Moore ’20.

NEW ATHLETIC
COUNCIL

 

Each of the three upper
classes are to elect one member
for the new Athletic Council.
Five members of the faculty
will act with these men as a
governing board to supervise
athletics.

Cathcrine McManaway ’17 is
at Bacteriological Laboratory,
State Department of Health, Al—
bany, N. Y.

At Camp Wadsworth

Mr. William Ncad ’20 is now
at the Second New York Field
Hospital,_ Camp Wadsworth,
Spartan'burg, S. C.

In New York

.Prof. Risley is in New York
City attending the meeting of
the State Historical Association.

Excursion

 

Last week Wednesday about
seventy—ﬁve people of the Bi—
ology‘ Department went on a
ﬁeld excursion to Tivoli Lake.

Mrs. Pierson, formerly Miss
Dunsford, who was physical in—
structor in this institution a few
years ago, visited College rc—
:ently.

 

At the Senior Class meeting
1eld last Friday, Dewitt Towns-
and was elected as a representa-
Iivc of Class of ’18 in the new

 

Athletic Council.

 

