 

 

 

 

  

jv’al. I

"Class of 1918.

y the present crisis.

3

 

STATE COLLEGE news
, A Weekly Journal

'May 2,1917 No. 23

Published weekly, on Wednesdays. during. the college year, by the Com-
mitteeon Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, Class of 1918, New York
State College for Teachers, Albany. N. Y. *‘

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertising rates
may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, ete., Intended for publica-
tion must be in the News Box before'Saturdays of the week preceding
publication. '

 

The Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper,
, Alfred E. Dedicke, Editor—in-Chief
' Subcommittees
Editorial Commit!” ‘ Committee on Finance
Alfred E. Dedicke Lillian G. Magilton
1°" A‘ walk" Committee on Advertising

~ - tauley eason
Commute: an Subrrripham Henry L Greenbmt
Dﬁzgahyn-‘iggﬂn Alfred E. Dedickc

C omim'llce on N no:
Commit!” 0n Circulation Mildred McEwan
Mildred McEwﬂn Stanley Healson
Henry L. Greenblatt MOI“ Lammﬂ
Kathryn Cole Kathryn Cole
. Elmctta Van Dcloo
Committee 0» Cartoon: Ray Townsend
Benj. Cohen Maud Rose

 

 

EDITORIAL.

The board feels that an apology is duc the majority oi the
subscribers bccausc the “ News ” did ll‘Ot appear last wcck. The
reason was the lack of stifticicnt'iunds to carry the paper through
the year on the weekly basis. This is not because we did not
‘plan wisely— we believe we did ——‘but it is because quite a con—
siderable number of people have failed to meet their obligations.
With a little assistance from the proper authority, thing's seem
to be taking a turn to tlhe better, but the present rate of income
does not yet warrant a return to weekly issues. For the present
the ” News ” will continue to appear every two weeks only.

VVitvh the usual time of commencement drawing,r near, and
with the early departure of many on account of the war situation.
the board is taking steps towards appointing a ncw board for thc
year 1917 -to 1918. it has been a rather hard proposition to
decide just who to place on the Senior board for ncxt year. as so
many of the present committee have done valuable work. but
after due deliberation it has been decided that the board ncxt
year is to have as members the following six Seniors: Alfred li.
'Dcdickc, Lillian IMagilton. Henry L. Greenblatt. Mildred Mc-
Ewan. Katlhryn Cole, and Stanley llcason.

We are anxious now to enlist a proper number of next year’s
Juniors in the cause. There will be need of about eight. All
members of 1919 who are interested in the work and who wish
to secure a position on the board are asked to Ihvand their names
to some member of the committee. and to hand in by Friday,
'M‘ay IIt-h, any news articles or editorials which they think of
value. “7e urge all Sophomores to try. 'Fair play is guaranteed
to all.

THE PART WE PLAY.
(From the University of Nevada "Sagebrush.")

A number of university men have signified their intention of
entering the ofﬁcers’ training camp to begin at the Presidio during
the ﬁrst week in May. A certain attitude expressed without
reserve by a number of gentlemen on the campus who lack sym-
pathy with the call of President iWilson for preparedness tends
to make the men who will begin training ice] as if they were
freaks or pronounced fools, lacking in well-balanced sanity.
Happily and to our sincere gratiﬁcation this element is a small
minority but its inﬂuence might be stamped as crass selﬁshness,
utterly unworthy of any man entitled to the respect of his follows.

There are only two possible courses of action to be taken in
The belief may be held that the cause of the
United Statesiis mostly wrongr and that of Germany mostly right.
that our analysis of the acts of Germany is inaccurate, and that
war upon Germany is not a defense of human rights ; or the atti-
tude may be held that for thrccn years the Prussianautocracy has
violated without compunction international and common law,
written and unwritten. established by the sense of righteousness
inherent in the heart of mankind.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. MAY 2. 1917

If a man takes the first statement as true we respect his
courage, but dcprecate his sanity; but in the expression of his
opinion'lct him come out in clear-cut, deﬁnite speech and aban—
don sneaking, sneering innuendo, which lacks the spirit of frank
conviction and leaves the impression that a fear of personal harm
and not well-founded belief is the basis of the attitude.

If a man believe that the course of President W'ilSon is right
and that I:[indcn|burg and Von 'Dirpitz are violators of right to
be met and convinced only with a steel arm the only question
remaining is a consideration of how service can best be rendered.
For some men who have already before graduation assumed the
care of those dependent in some measure upon their support. duty
and the plans of the War Department indicate that service at home
should be their task. But for men who are free from responsi-
bility and. the care of others. there. is only one path to follow,
the tendering“ of their services without reserve in the general

 

scheme of preparation.

This is no time to sit on the fence with thc

general attitude

of a man who counts for nothing. Democracy means equal priv—
ileges but lichlsc equal burdens. and he who shirks from fear
of personal harm places lnmsclf liable to the charge of ” slacker."

 

Y. M. C. A. BRANCH
ESTABLISHED.

At a recent meeting oi the
men a branch of the Young
Men’s Christian Association
was founded in Statc College.
The mccting was presided ovcr
by Mr. (iallaway, one of the
national sccrctarics of the Y.

M. C. A. The motion was
madc and sccondcd that a-
branch of the association be

formed in the State Collcg‘c.
.»'\ftcr a short discussion it re
ccivcd a unanimous vote.
Then followed the election of
ofﬁcers. 'l‘hc terms of thc oili-
cers cxpirc March 1, 1918. The
election resulted as follows:
President, Cassavant '19; vicc-
president. Tripp '20; scvcrctztry-
treasurer. Gilli-it '19.

The object of the association
was adoptcd as follows:

1. To lcad students to faith
in God thrntt!"h Jesus Christ as
their divine Lord and Savior
according to the Holy Fcrip-
tures.

2. To lcad stndcnts into
membership and service of thc
christian church. '

3. To promote their growth
in Christian faith and character.
especially through the study of
the scriptures.

A. To train them for work
and leadership in applying; the
principles of Christ to the
problems of human society.

5. To win their life devotion
to the purpose of Christ for the
Evangelization of the world.

in order to become a member
of the association the student
must subscribe to the obiectivc
and try as best be can to livc
up to thorn. There are no
membership fees. All the cur—
rent cxncnsr's will be collected
by subscription.

Tho work of tho association
includes a urcnt bold. and it is
necessarv to have the monora-
tion of the fai‘n‘tv and all the
men of the College. It aims
to make the new man comiqu
hcrc each year feel more at

 

home and among; friends. To
help thcm find suitable board-
ing; and rooming places. and
above all to unite thcm to thc
church of their pi'cfcrcncc. it
aims to promote clean spccrh.
clcan athletics, and to unitc the
men in an unbrcakablc bond of
fellowship, and to instil in them
the ideal of social sci-vice. if
the association can inculcate in
its incm'bcrs thcsc ideals it will
be doing- much to attract men
to the Collcg'c. it will act as
the mcdian in familiarizing thc
new men with college life with
thcir fcllow classmates and
help to drive away thc fccling
of hmncsiclmcss and lonclincss
which comes to all ircshiiicn.

The association aims to cm
tcrtain visiting men and to pro»
mute the habit of limpitalilv lo
the rollcg‘c tcams with which
we compctv. lx'cccpvlion coni-
mittccs will be appointcd to
meet the visiiiuu‘ tcams and
show them all the courtcsics
possible.

The Central Y. M. C. A. of
Albany will cooperate with the
Col]ch branch in obtaining
speakers of merit. ‘

Y. W. C. A.

 

The cabinet for next year will
be ﬁlled by the followingr ofﬁ~

ccrs and chairman : Presi-
dent, Miss Verna E. Mc-
Cann: Vice—President, Miss

Caroline Lipcs; Secretary. Miss
Anna ii‘ortanicr; 'l‘rcasurcr.
Miss Louise llurleson; Annual
h’lcmbcr. Miss Lovisa Vcddcr;
Social, Miss Gertrude Schcmcr—
'horn; Religious. Miss Maude
Rose; Social Service, Miss
Agnes Moore; Conference
and Conventions, Miss ,l'cnnic
Muhlcman: Association News.
Miss Beulah Kittie: Voluntary
F'ludv. Miss Anne vathe:
Missionary. Miss Lyra VValcr-
house: Lunch Counter. Miss
May Fillingham. The installa—
tion of ofﬁcers took place \Vcd—
ncsday at the regular meetings.

