 

, STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 7, 1917

 

 

Page Two
STATE COLLEGE NEWS
I A Weekly Journal
Vol. 1 March '1', 191? No. 18

 

Published weekly, on Wednesdays, during the college year, by the Com-
mittee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, Class of t918, New York
State College for Teachers, Albany, N. Y.

The subscription rate. is one dollar and a half a year. Advertising rates
may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, etc., intended for publica-
tion must he in the News Box before Saturdays of the week preceding
publication.

The Commit-tee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper.
Class of r918.

Alfred E. Dedicke, Editor—in-Chief
Subcommittees

Committee on Finance

Lillian G. Magilton
Connoittee an Advertising

tanley eason

Henry L. Greenblatt

Alfred E. Dedicke
Committee on New:
Mildred McEwan
Stanley Heason
Eloise Lansing
Kathryn Cole
Elmetta Van Deloo
Ray Townsend
Maud Rose

Editorial Committee
Alfred E. Dedieke
Jos. A. Walker

Committee an Subscription:
Dorothy Austin
Kathryn Cole
Committee an Circulation
Mildred MeEwan
Henry L. Greenblatt
Kathryn Cole
Committee on Cartoon:
Ben}. Cohen

 

 

WAS IT NECESSARY?

Much surprise and consternation and some shame was caused
among the students by a short list of names which was placed
on the bulletin board in the science building for a short time last
week. Said list would have remained there longer, but it seems
that some kind friend took it down. The purpose of this list, we
believe, was to inform some few less fortunate fellow students
that they had been dropped from college. Or else it was meant
to give this information to the members of the facility, for the
students in general we are sure. were not concerned, nor can we
think of any particular reason why they should have been told.

There is always something sad and, at times, something
humiliating about the dropping of a student on account of failure
in studies, and since we realize that we all are human, and that
"the same thing may happen to us some day, we ask ourselves,
was it necessary to make a public spectacle of these, our fellow
students who tried. but failed? \IVould it not have been sufﬁcient
and at the same time just as satisfying to have stopped with
privately notifying the students concerned or their parents?
The same end would have been achieved.

The characterization of these students’ work as it was given
on the list was that it had been poor. ‘And as we glanced down
the row of names, we came to one of whom much better things
can be said, aside from calling his work poor. We cannot here
mention his name. But if his work in his own behalf, that is, in
his studies. was poor, then wc wish to emphasize that the work
he (lid for his college was indeed good and glorious. it was such
that he did not deserve to have the character of his classwork
published, especially so. since what he did for our college, with-
out doubt, kcpt him from doing his best where his own interests
were concerned. Even if there is no appreciation in some quar-
ters of what ‘he and others are doing. we can assure him and his
fellow workers that the loyal clcmcnt among the students honor
and esteem‘ them for it.

We are sorry, as are hundreds of other students, that this
happened. and we hope that in the future we may be spared.
Why not change the policy and publish hereafter the names of
those who. in the examinations. have covered themselves with
glory? We are but little acquainted with our best scholars. Too
little encouragement is given them. -\Vhile special scholarship
prizes are, perhaps. too much to ask for just now, yet well-
deserved public praise ought not to be withheld from our best
students. Publish the namcs of the” brilliant, not those of the
poor. »

MAY PUBLISH THE “NEWS” SEMI-MONTHLY.

Sometime during this week a representative of the “News”
will approach each one of you, who signed a promisc—to—pay last
fall, but have failed to redeem the same. The polite request ol
the representative will be that you pay the $1.50 which you owe

 

 

usp You will appreciate the necessity of our doing so. The
amount of cash which we have at our disposal has dwindled,
until we are now"forccd to use more drastic means of collecting
what is our due. Simultaneously with the Work being carried on
by our representatives, we shall put a list of the names of those
who, according to our books, areidelinquent, on the bulletin board
in the main hall. As each strident pays, his name will be erased.
In doing this we are following the example of the Freshman
class, who successfully used this means to collect their class dues.
We feel that the limit of patience has been reached. Good busi—
ness sense requires that we take this step. One hundred and
twenty—ﬁve students still owe. Help us to reduce this number
to twenty-ﬁve by the end of the week. If our campaign does not
meet with success. we will be forced to reduce the number of
publications to tWO a month.

MODERN LANGUAGE TEACHERS MUST BE CITIZENS.

A new regulation of the Board of Education of New York
City provides that all applicants for teachers’ positions in the
public schools must be citizens, except that teachers of modern
languages need only have declared their intention of becoming
citizens. That is a good rule, says the N. Y. World. if there is
one indicated place for bona-ﬁdc .‘»\mericanism, it is in the public
schools of New York. 4

STATEMENT OF THE FRESHMAN POSITION.

- Feeling that the college might perhaps consider us spiritless
unless the facts were known, but conﬁdent that they will support
us when these facts are understood, the men of 1920 wish to
make the following statement:

At a meeting of all 1920 men, a unanimous and well-con-
sidered decision was reached that no attempt would be made
to break up the Sophomore party. This necessitated the drop-
ping of certain plans previously made. The reasons for this de—
cision were.

T. Our displayed superiority over 19!!) in organized sport.
\Vc defeated them in two consecutive games. winning the basket—
ball championship of the school duringT Sophomore week.

2. The opposition of the faculty. This was based on
grounds which must be evident to the college. We resolved to
uphold President Tripp in his pledge to them to do his best to
maintain order. '

“70 made this decision trusting in the Class of 1919 to sup‘
port President Gillette in his effort to maintain like order. We
therefore place our conﬁdence in the honor of 1919 and will base
our future action on the good faith which they display during}:
Freshman week. (Signed) A. E. I.., ’19.

LETTER TO EDITOR.‘

thlitoluinaChicf, “ S. C. News.”

The Class in Drainatics wishes to express through the
columns of your paper its appreciation of the very valuable
services rendered the class. in connection with the recent bro»
duction of Cnilsworthy's “Silver Box”; ﬁrst by Miss Pcrinc of
the faculty who gave much of hcr’ time and experience to make
the scenery uscd effective. and by the Messrs. Arthur Woodward
and Arnold Nolde for their pleasing interpretation of the roles of
Marlowe and policeman, respectively.

L. A., Secretary
Class in Dramatics.

 

 

Mun-h iii-“Army at West. Point.

April 14—Albnny Law School at.
Albany.

April 21 —-- ll. 1‘. l. nh Albany.

April 30H Ningurn. ut Albany.

May 12~«‘St. Stevens nt Annun—
dulc, N. Y.

May 19 ~31. Stevens at Albany.

June |,l —- ll. 1’, .l. at Troy.

Manager 'l‘ownscnd is still in
communication with other col-
leges and several other games
maybe added. He is planning
a New York trip.

MANAGER D. TOWNSEND
ANNOUNCES BASE-
BALL SCHEDULE.

 

West Point and Niagara.

 

nVlnnager D. Townsend yes-
terday gave out the following
as the tentative ofﬁcial baseball
schedule which the State Cob
lcg‘c nine will carry out this
spring: v

