 

Page ’l‘wo

 

3,; "3"1' ~ p,

 

 

 

‘ STATE COLLEGE NEWS. MAY 16. 1917
STATE COLLEGE NEWS WAR.
VOL I M.” 16' 1917 i No' 24 A clamor arises, a shriek and a moan.

 

 

 

Published weekly, on Wednesdays, during the college y .r, by the Com-
mittee on Publishing 2 Gotta e \Veel}? Newspaper, Class of i9i8, New York
State College for Teachers, lbany. . Y. > ’ I ‘

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertismg rates
may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, ctc., intended for publica-
tion must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week preceding
publication.

The Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper.
Class of 19l8.
Alfred E. Dedicke, 'liditoiuiii-Chief
Subcommittees
Editorial Committee Committee on Fianna
Alfred E. Dedicke Lillian G. Magilton
105' A” Wi‘lkcr Conunj/lre on Advertising
Committee an Subscription: 5mm” 1:197'50"
D . Henry L. Cireenhlatt
°'°”‘Y “5"” Alfred r Dcdieke
Kathryn Colc , “
Commuter rm New:
Mildred i\li:iiw:in
tanley lleason
Eloise Lansing
Kathryn Cnlc
Elmeiia Van Dcloo
ltny Townsend
Maud Rose I

Committee an Circa/alien
Mildred lilclean
Henry L, (irccnblntt
Kathryn Cole
Cor/imi'I/w on C uric/our
Ben}. Cohen

NEWS LOS’ES EDITOR-IN-CHIEF.

'l‘be ” News '” goes to print this week with our lCditor—in—t‘bici.
Alfred l'l. llediclte, absent lroni our stall. 'l'ogcther with six
other State College mcn .\lr. l)L‘(llt‘l\’L’ leit Albany early Sunday
mornngr for i.\lai|ison l’iarraclrs, the olhcers' reserve corps training
‘ainp. lx'egi'etting his loss to the ‘L‘ollege and to the “ News."
and yet rejoicing in the nobility of his purpose. we will herc
brielly comment upon our absent rhiei as we know him.

Mr. Dedicke was born some twenty—four y mas ago at Middle—
ville, N. Y., where he resided until his father moved with his
iamin to tier-many. At about the age of Sixteen .‘\lired returned
to America and for all years pursued a variety oi business
and industrial activities. in the fall of i9i3 be entered Middle-
ville high school and in a single year accomplished the stupend—
ous task oi completng the entire course. 'l‘lie iollowing year he
entered State College, and since that time has becn associated
with almost every branch oi college activity.

During the year just closing he has been principally concerned
with the publication oi the “ News." Only those students who
make up theiboard know with what zeal, capability and industry
he has managed the paper. :\ large part of the time the entire
responsibility of its publication has rested upon him, yet the
“News” has never iailed to appear on time itiitil the lack oi
fulfilled pledges made a \Vt‘t‘lx'l)’ issue impossible. .\'o student
better qualilied to direct the management of the paper through
the lirst y fill‘ of its existence could have been found.

During the present year also be has been oi invaluable as
sistance to the Athletic Association in the capacity of assistant
has ‘etball manager, aml a lew weeks ago was elected to mana-
gersbip ioi' next year. It - attained as well during llit' past two
years conside'able prominence in draiiiatir art. taking leading
parts in “ 'l‘he (friekct on the Hearth.” “ 'l‘hi- Rivals." and “ The
Silver liox." in addition to all oi this he was president oi his
Class during his Sophomore y ‘ar. a prominent lfroinethean incin-
her, captain oi the _Iiuiior basketball team, and an athlete oi no
mean ability on the track. football and baseball ﬁelds.

It would seem that this man, who has spared nothing in the
service oi his class and his College. would. above all others, be.
chosen ioi' any honor that the student bodv bestows upon those
maniiestiilg high unalities oi leadership. To the great majority
oi students that llll mposite should happen is unthinkable, but
unfortunately the will of the whole is too oiteii set aside by a
small number oi minds in ‘apable oi placing real worth. real
ability. rial merit above the, manipulation of petty politics.

.\lr. Dedicke has gone. from its and though. in event oi his re»
ccivingr a commission, there is gravi- doubt oi his returning to
the (,olleg‘rr. his iniluence will long be felt. There will never
be a time when his classmates shall cease to hour and revere
him, and ii iortune decrees that he be a leader of troops upon the
blooihstaini-d Soil of lirance. we venture to predict that. there as
here. be will light with his characteristic idomitable courage.
and ii spared to return from the great conﬂict a reward belitting
his eliorts shall not be denied him.

 

v.‘
a

 

 

Where the ﬂying death is buried;
’l‘he war—lord has mounted his reeking throne
And rules his chosen world.
The sword of his hate is up mined in the air,
And points out the way right well.
Where the ‘anlts of his vassals are hastening there
On the blood-iottlcd road to Hell.

The ranks now advance as the dread word is given;
The rush ends in piteous moans;

'liliose lair human battleinents. shattered and riveii,
Are thing iar like so many stones!

0b. the bite oi the metal on quivering limbs!
’I‘hc icai‘ful catching oi breath!

The blood-cloinled cy : as it st ‘ains and it dimsl
The last hoarse gasp of death!

And is there no (iod up above in the sky
Who watches or pities or cares? ‘

Docs Ile give it :i thought? Does lie utte' a sigh
At this wanton death that is theirs?

Will lle sit by the mother wbos 'ons are all dead?
\\'ill lle comfort the father inade blind?

\\'i|l lie measure the sorrow that rests on their head?
’I‘he gaping wounds will lie bind?

   

"l‘is the triumph of evil, the. triumph of hate,
lint a higher triumph as‘ well,
lior st :adlast inith sees an opening gate
lli'yond this ravi-ning llcil;
And in that whitt- portal an angel app 'ai's
{\llll bids the ionl cvil cease,
I‘rorlaiming the end oi all war and all iczii's
In a thousand y ~ars oi peace.
|'\'()l,lN l). ll.\(i|i|\', ’i7.

To the liditor oi State, (‘ollege News:

The committee ior tln- iresbman stunt on moving-up day wish
to make it known that the annonnceinein oi the “ Star Spangled
lianner " was entirely unauthorized by the committee or by the
ircslinian clans. Undoubtedly it Win; the uniortuuate result of
the confusion caused by the unexpected change in arrangements.
('crtainlv nothing ‘bnt the greatest respect and honor is (lllL' the
“ Star Spangled liaiiner” ironi all of us.

[Signed] i.\'l.\l\’l(i.\' .\. “HALE.
Chairman oi l’rcsliinaii hltn'llv'v-llll llay Committee.

May i2, l()l7.

 

 

NOTICE. ’tllll't'il Ix'ussia to pay the expense
oi keeping these prisoners; no
ice Witt" charged for the teaching.
[luring the war it \‘as not an un—
common thingr to see wounded
lx’iirssiitn soldiers beingr propelled
in Jenrikishas by Japanese.

last call for toi7—ioi8 News
llonr'l candidates! All those
working for a place on llit‘ new
stall shou‘d make themselves
known to Mr. Joseph :\. \\'all<er.
acting lCditor—in-Chiei. or to any

 

PROMETHEAN.

other member of the News (‘om‘

mitten. —_
'---~“—-— M the Iiiccliiig oi the l'rome—

ILLUSTRATED LECTURE thean Literary Society last

ON JAPAN. 'l‘hursday evening nominations
were made ior’riext year's olli«
ears. lirillmviiig the business a
very delightful program on Al-
ircd Noyes was given. consi. ting
of a vocal solo by Miss Amy
Shelley, '20, accompanied by
Miss Dorothy Banner: readings
from Alfred Noycs' poems. by
Prof, Hastings; a paper on “The
Life of Alfred Noyes.” by Miss
Arline Newkirlr, 'I7; a piano
duet, by the Misses Louise [tur-
leson. 'i8, and lCileen Keefe. ’ib’,
and selections by the liresbmau
Mandolin (flub. Elections will
take place at the next regular
meeting of the society.

Dr. l.awlor, historian and
globe-trotlcr, lectured on the
subject "japan" at the New—
man ('lub last i\‘londav night.
May 7. The lecturer told several
interesting stories. some touch—
ing on the Russo-Japanese war.
l)i'. |.awlor was in japan
throughout the hostilities. He
said that some of the temples
were converted into prisons For
Russian captives during the war.
and that the Japanese furnished 
Ix'us teachers to teach liltti

s When the war was
over the 'l‘okin' government rc— l

 

 

 

 

 

 

