 

 

 

 

 

"lieu Two

 7' ..STATE COLLEGE NEWS» ,
Vol... n ' . November 21,1917 v No. 10

Published weekly, on Wednesdays, during the college car, by the
Committee on Puhllsllin a College Weekly Newspaper, Nevii York State
College for Teachers, Al, any, N. Y. i
 _ he subscription rate is_one dollar and. a half a year. Advertising
rates may he had on application. Articles, manuscripts, ete., intended
.t‘or publication must be In the News Box before Saturdays of the week
preceding publication.

SENIOR EDITORS REPORTERS

Caroline E. Li'pee
Alfred lillcr
Donald Tower
Dorothy Banner
Bernice Brenner
Dorothy Wakerly

Kathryn Cole ,
Stanley Heason

Mildred L. McEwan

' Lillian G. Magilton '

 

RESIGNATION

 

I ‘ The Sta'tc'College.” News ” board has received the resignation
of MISS Lillian Magilton, senior editor. ' I

 

S. C. T.!

Now that the cheerleader has been elected it is the duty of
every student to support him and the team. Learn the songs
.and yells, come to practice. and yell your heads off at the games!
State College has been criticised ,for its lack of college spirit.
Now is the time to remedy this. The team is your team, and
it is up to you to back them. The best way to do this is to
attend every game. get on the cheering section, and cheer!
/Ilc.cause .of the number of girls in State College there must be
quite a little singing at the games in the place of the cheers of
other colleges. State College needs some new snappy songs
with a lot of " pep ” and swing: 'Many of us remember the songs
,we used in high school. Write them over with State Coileire
words and hand them in. There are several snappy popular
«songs such as, “Over There,” to which college words can easily
be written. Get to work and let us have a good collection of
, songsl Then learn your alma mater. Be able to sing' it without
havmg,r to look in a book. At other colleges it is the ﬁrst thng
freshmen learn and the last thing the alumni forget! Don’t
‘ criticise the team! They have practiced every night until late
and are doing their best. They are playing against colleges that
“have over a thousand men from which to select a team, and need
encouragement instead of criticism. Be good losers! Anyone
. can yell and shout when the team is ahead. it is when they are
against a faster team that the boys need your help. Come out!
And— win or lose—back your team!

. To the Editor'of State College “ News: ”

That we are all patriotic is not to be questioned. Neither is
the fact that we want to do our share to be. doubted. We all
feel the debt of gratitude and loyalty that we owe to the boyr‘l
who have left this institution to light a Christian’s light for us.i
and for humanity. And we have tried to do many'things to,g

‘ partially pay this debt, Which can never cease absolutely to bé
. a debt. We have seen ﬁt to have the names of our honor men
posted where everyone might see them and know who they are.
Therefore, I think that each one of us who is at this present
: time enjoying the privileges of this institution, privileges which
these boys have voluntarily forfeited, should be fully’acquainted
'with that‘list. Evcry‘girl and boy, man and woman in this
'college yshould be able to proudly say, when the names of
'Gocwcy, Jones, Gillette, or l-lohaus are mentioned as having
accomplished some especial act of bravery or strategic daring,
‘ “ Oh, Yes. indeed, I know him! He’s one of our State College
men!” And while most of us do now fully appreciate that list
" of names, there are a great many people outside the pale
'of our college world who do not realize that State College
haspsent any of her men to lthe front. For that reason, and
as a small, but concrete, Sign of our deep and everlasting appre-
ciation, I wish to promote this suggestion: Shall not State
‘College raise, along with the Stars and Stripes, a service
flag bearing a star for every member of the Alma Mater who
has left us for the cause of freedom? it is up to you— students
and faculty-wto get together and think. plan and act! Shall
we ﬂy a Service ﬂag from our ﬂag pole?

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 21. 1917

(.With apologies to the speech of Professor Adna Risley.)

The Devil sat by a lakeof ﬁre on a pile of sulphur kegs,
His head was bowed upon his breast, his tail between his legs.
A look of shame was on his face, the sparks dripped from his
eyes; .
He had sent his resignation to the throne up in the skies.
” l’m down and out," the Devil said— He said it with a sol).
“ There are others that outclass me, and I 'want to quit the job.
'[lcll isn’t in it with that land that lies along the Rhine.
I’m old and out of date and therefore, l resign.
One Krupp, munition maker, with his bloody‘shotand shell,
Knows more about damnation than all the imps of Hell.
Give my job to [Kaiser ill” or to [Ferdinand the 'lfzar,
Or to the Sultan Abdul Hamid. or some such man of war.
I hate to leave the old home, the spot I love so well,
llut l feel that l’m not up-todate in the art of running,r llcll.”
And the Devil spat a squirt of steam at a brimstonc.bumblcbce
And muttered, “ l'm (.mtclassed by the llol‘ienzollcrn Deviltry.”
A. j. S. ’20.

BRING FIVE CENTS TO CHAPEL FRIDAY MORNING

Last spring when President \‘\'il::-on’s call for volunteers
stripped .“tate College of nearly all of its men, everyone called
the institution the “quietest female seminary in existence."
Since then more men have gone to camp. Iii-om time to time
more will go. Those who have gone were prominent in the
dill’erent strident activities—paper, athletics, dramatics, class
aml various clubs. They have done much for this college. They
are doing more now! What have we as a college done for them
since they have been in the service? We have called them our
honor men. We have read and published an honor roll, but have
we shown them any concrete evidence of this honor? l)n we
want to? We do! Then let us hear in mind our desire to do
something: for them and change our desire into action. and
Bring that nickel to chapel Friday morning!

The following resolutions were adopted by the Sophomore
class on Friday, November 0. ior7: .

\‘l‘dichnS. the Almighty in His inﬁnitc‘ wisdom has seen fit to
remove from our midst l’rivatc Raymond Oscar Ludwick. and

\'\"hcreas, Mr. Ludwick was a respected and admired member
oi the Class of 1020, and

\\"hcrcas, he rlied in the service of his country; therefore be it

lx‘csolved. That an expression of condolence be extended to
the parents of the deceased; and be it

Resolved That it be published in the “ State College !\'c\vs;"
and be it further

Resolved. That a marked copy of the same be sent to his
parents.

Farah l. Roody. Chairman.

 

A suggestion which every-
one migrht adopt is that we
stop calling the boys “Farm
mics." They dislike the nick»
name and won't answer to it.
One can hardly blame them for
wantingr to he called inst what
they are,—“ Yankees."

A most valuable hint was
this: “For gooilncss’ sake
advertise your college!"

LIEUT. JESSE SMITH

Second—Limit. ‘lcsse Smith.
S. C. '1‘. 'I7 made a brief call at
college last week. l.t. Smith
'9. now at his home, awaiting
orders for assignment. in the
course of’ conversation, be
praised the contributions made
by.  C. ’1‘, students to Red
Cross. and the Student Fricml-’
ship liund. lie said that gifts
to soldiers should be made
tlll‘ultfjll the Y. M. C. A,, or the
Red tress. The organization
of these two branches of ser-
vice being so efﬁcient that
gifts are carefully handled, and
delivery is certain. All gifts
should bear on them the name
and address of the sender, the
'idca being. to quote it Smith,
“to show the poor devils that
someone cares. who is person—
ally interested."

Reading matter of all kinds
is always acceptable, especially
since men from all walks of
{ life are now in the service.

ITEMS OF INTEREST

 

 

Consumer‘s League

The cards which were or—
dered through Consumer’s
League are here and those of
you who ordered cards and
'have not yet received them
will please get them as soon
’as possible. They will be given
out from a table in' the lower
hall. Another order for cards
will be scnt‘in before Christ-
mas. lf you have not already
bought Some of the cards. do
not let this opportunity slip by.

 

 

 

