 

 

 

 

 

summonses. news .
I i ‘ “ Achkly Journal

. Vol.1 January 17.191]

Page Two

No. 14

Published Weekly, on Wednesdays. duringihicollegc year, by the .Com‘ .
mittee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, Class of l9l8, New York >

State College for'Teaehers, Albany, N. Y.

The siibsci'iption ratc'is one tlollar and a‘half a year. Advertising rates '

maybe had on application. Articles, manuscripts, ctc,, intended for publica—
.tion1must,.be in the .News 30'»: before Saturdays of the Week preceding
1 publication. T __«___ ,_ e
The Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper,
Class of 1918.
Alfred E. Dedicke. Fditnr-in-Cbicf
. Subcommittees ,
Editorial 'Coiiimi'ttce Cmimiiuee rm Finaurr
Alfred E. Dedicke Lillian G. Magilton
105' A' Walker Criimiiirler (If! Adina-tiring

Committee on Silbscri‘plfnnr ’Slﬁnlvy Hmsmt
Dorothy Amﬁn Henry L-Greeublatt
*thhryn Cole Alfred E, Dedicke

Cmmiiillei‘ on News
Committee on Circula/i'on Mildred McEwan
Mildred MCEwan Stanley ‘l’leaﬁon
‘Henry L. Greenhlatt Elotse Lansing
Kathryn Cole

Kathryn Cole
Elmetin Vnn Deloo
Commiin an Cartomir
Bani, «Cohen

Ray Townsend
Maud Rose

 

THE “NEWS” WILL NOT BE PUBLISHED DURING
“MID-YEARS.”

Owing to the suspension of all collch activities the “State
College News” will not be published during; the time taken up
by tho mid—year examinations. The next number will appcar on
the second Wednesday in February. We wish to appeal once
more to all delinquent subscribers for the subScription price duc
us. We based this year's budget on the number of promise-to-
,pay blanks we had and all of them will have to be taken up if
we are to meet all bills against us. We wish all would nnder~
stand and appreciate the situation, for we feel sure that if the
did they would rnak' a greater effort to pay.

THE COACH IS THE BOSS.

So much comment is being,r made among the students regard-
ing the unfortunate incident that recently happened in con-
ncction with the basketball team, and so many seem misinformed,
that we think it advisable to speak a true and impartial opinion
upon the matter. in doing so we naturally regret that it was: at
all possible for such a thing,r to happen and especially at this
stage of the game. when ctr-operation and good will aromost
essential for a successful team. We are disappointed and some-
what grieved to find among the greater lights of our basketball
men examples of absolutely abominable Spirit". but since they

 we are ready to face the situation squarely.

. \'\"(’lClltCl' fills his position as our basketball coach, because

an expert. For nearly twenty years he has played the
game of basketball. During“r that time he was lirst an amateur,
then a “scmi-pro..” and finally a full-fledged profcs it ' . he-
comingr as such one of the world’s best players. it late. years he
has been a successful coach of college basketball. We are men;
tioningr these facts merely to show once more that the man who
coaches our team knows the gain - and is well littcd to judge the
faults of any player. therefore it'seeins hul natural that the
students of the Collcg’ expect of the i'ilaycrs. for whose bcnclii
they have engaged this expert. that they willingly ‘ (.n to his
advice and that they follow it to the best of their ability.

("onsitlcringr the fact that the men have heretofore never had
what can he ‘alled strict coaching. the, general behavior of the
squad under the new regime i,- ' " ‘hat can the desired. Nevertheless.
it is rather unpleasant to lx'l‘ 1 2t a few brcaks have occurred.
and especially the latest lllt ._ is discouraging. We .will not
here take up any specific case nor deal in personalities. Rather
will we tr 'at the matter from an entirely impersonal point of
VICW as a question of the relation between coach and player.
Coach Wachter. \vc repeat. is an expert. While we are, not saw
int.r that his judgment is absolutely infallible and while we are
refraining,r entirely from expressin;r any opinion concerning the
present t-on'ti'orersy, yet we hold that, each player must how to

 

:2

 

 

 

 

available and minimize

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY l7. 1917

mav be. The player should remember that  is dealing with
an Texpert and an authority. A coach can achich results only
when he is in complete control, and the recent suspension of out:
of the men by Mr. Waehter is proof that be. Is the boss and that he
is here to do business. which means that he Will get the best
efforts possible out of our team. Mr. Waehter continues to hold
the fullrconiidencc of the students. and li‘c'ma‘y rest ilSSlll’Ctl'lllllt
they will continue to support the team With the same enthusiasm
so far Shown this season.

 

The following, quoted from the local “ 'l‘imes—Union," explains
itself:
WHITMAN'S EXTRAVAGANT ECONOMY.

The State College for 'l‘ciichcrs. an institution nation—wide in
influence and reputation, is facing,r a crisis because of the “ cx~-
t‘avag‘ani economy” of Gov. Whitman's famous budget.

Estimates of tlicschool expenses for next year have been cut
to pieces by the. Governor’s experts, the cut in the salary
schedule alone amounting.r to ‘tllOl‘C than $20,000. Instructors
who have been led to expect an incr-asc in salary, men with
degrees of doctor of philosophy and years of experience. now
Working at salaries lower than $i.5oo a year, are discouraged at
the outlook. and threaten to resign.

’I'hc cut in this budget is Iii 2-3 of the, entire amount, the whole
sum amountingr to $27,780. $00,555 being cuts in salaries. The
cost of printing last year was 1$i,35.t and $315 was asked this
year. it has been cut to $(ioo, yet the 'zitaloguc alone, cost 95mm.

This is the second time cuts have been made in the, appropria
tions for education. Not a single cut was made in the appro-
priations for edit 'ation duringr the previous administration

lf economy must he employchand no one has a monopoly
on this reform —- why exhibit parsimony in the matter of eduea

 

tion? The. same care was absent in the, matter of salaries in
other departments. is politics to rule in the, selection ot these
cuts?

Why jeopardize the future of the College by niggarly nppro
printions." The increases asked for should be carefully scanned
and if deserved should be granted. licononiy might be employed
in the pnrel politi‘al positions with more propriety.

Don't stillc edu -ation. llon't sacrifice the future of this (fol-
leg‘c on the altar of political expediency.

 

A MID-YEAR REFLECTION.

“A man who will be dishonest in examination Will be dis-
honest. anywhere else." the writer heard a State College student
remark the other evening: Just how much truth does this
statement imply? is the student who, working under tremend—
ous strain. secs rising before him the spectre of possible failure
and avails himself of an opportunity to use some one clsc':
brains liable to he found a liar and a cheat in his business and
professional dealings in after life? One hesitates about answer-
ing; frankly in the affirmative. 'l‘hcre are many extenuatingr cir--
cumstanccs under which a student who yields to the temptation
to crib may be almost entirely forgivem Over work. lack of
sufﬁcient rcst. illness. may bringr about such a nervous state.
that, under hip‘h pressure, one may resort to devices, that under
less strained conditions. would be absolutely abhorrent to him.

it cannot be denied. however. that the man who. unde‘ any

_ circumstances. allows himself to cheat oncc \vill find it far easier
I to resort to the same means in another examination.

:’\s every
student of psychology knows. the execution of any action antic
inntically produces a tendency to repeat that: action with less
mental resistance than was overcome in the first time. ("rib
once and you will certainly find it easier to do it again. Keep on
yielding to this temptation through your four years of ct’illcu'tr,
and at the end of that time. if you haven’t been dctcelcd and ex-
pcllcd. you will have laid the foundatir'in of dishonest thinking,
\\'lllL‘ll is bound to show itself in dishonorable actions and ruin--
tionships in your professional life.

I When you go into your mid—year examinations next week on
in resolved to see them through with an honest rt‘nlscicncc. 'l‘rv
to enter in as perfect physical and mental condition as you fail
possibly command. 'l‘liis will render your own resources moSt
’ the temptation to appropriate someone
else 5. if you are forced to meet failure. face it fairly and
squarely. if you are obling thereby to spend an ‘extra year in
college. face that fairly and squarely. too! At least be able 10

 

his coach decision, no matter how unlike his own judgment it

say as you go forth into the world, “ What i have, i earned."

