 

 

 

 

 

as...

L
g:
.1;

 

Page Two

‘TATE COLLEGE news
‘ A Weekly Journal

Vol. I February 2l. 1917 No. 16

Published Weekly, on Wednesdays, during the college year, by the Com.
mittec on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, Class of 19I8, New York
State College for Teaclters,vAlbany, N. Y. I I

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertismg rates
may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, cm, intended for publica-
tion must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week preceding
publication. _________ __ﬂ
' The Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper,
Class of 1918.

Alfred E. Dedicke, Editor-in-Chief
Subcommittees
Editorial Committee Conmn‘llcc on Finance
Alfred E. Dedicke Lillian G. Magilton
105‘ A' walker Cmnmillce on Advcrlirt'ng
Cammillee an Subscriptions Slﬂltley Henson

. Henry L. Greenhlntt
Dlghgf‘hynAC‘iffem Alfred E. Dcdickc
. in, Committee on New:

Mildred McEwan
Stanley Henson
Eloise Lansing
Kathryn Cole

Elmetta Van Dcloo
Ray Townsend

Maud Rose

Cmnmitlcc on Circulation
Mildred McEwan
Henry L. Creenblatt
Kathryn Cole
Contmitlre on Cartoon:
Benj. Cohen

       

BE ON TIME.

it seems to have become a habit with a grcat many students
to bc. late at all.chapcl cxct'ciscs. \\'c \\'L‘l't.‘ atnont.r scrotal bitu-
drcd stttdcnts last Friday morning who wcrc annoycd by thc
late arrival of the usual trailcrs. who inadc their way into thc
auditorium in some cases about ten minutcs latc. 'I‘hcrc is
absolutely no excuse for such a lack of courtesy towards thc other
students. Since it is required that all attend chapcl. and. further-
more. since all absences are reported. a very good attendance is
generally sccurcd. l‘lowcvcr, since no spccilic demand has bccu
.inadc that every student hc on time. and since latc conic-rs are
not reported. a great many students are habitually latc.
people seem to need rules and regulations to guide their ry
action. and even thcn are quick to (lotlg'c them at cvcry oppoiu
tunity. in this case we hope it is not too muclt to cxpcct that litt‘
usual latc coutch will turn ovcr a ucw leaf and tints forestall any
action by the proper authorities.

 

DON'T BE A WEED.

We have oucc bcforc writtcu about the mattcr of studcnls
rcmoving‘r books from the State Library. As far as We can gathcr
frqu a recent interview with -.\lr. Chainplin, of the State Library
stalT. no marked improvement has takcu place. Mr. ('hainplin
callcd attcutiou to the fact that thc arcran‘c student has only
from one to two hours to spend in thc library cach aftcruoon. and
that many loose from a quarter to a third of that timc looking" for
books that have cithcr bccu taken out of the buildng or mis—
placed. Mr. Chatnplin bclicvcs that thc number of thoughtless
people is small and that they arc the younger students. .~\s he
expressed it to a friend the other d: . " 'l‘hcy arc the youugcr
students. those who arc. bctwccn gr; .. and hay.” To which the
fricud rcplicd, " ch, wccds." To which wc add, “ for thc sake of
your collcg'c if 'not for your on'ii.,ilotl't bc a \vccd.H

 

 

 

LETTER TO EDITOR.

Dear Sin—The letter pertaining to the compulsory tax of ten
dollars. which appeared in last wcck’s “ News.” is worthy of a
great dual of consideration. althot g‘h l fccl that it 'alls for an
answer in as much as the subject for discussion is pcrhaps not
quite clear to some of the studcnts of State t'ollcgc.

The tax of ten dollars. if t'nc student body approvcs. will bc
devoted to the very things enumerated in last week's letter, but
everything was not taken in consideration. The total sum for
the “Echo.” “College Paper." and thc scvcn home games of
basketball would bc four dollars and thirty-tho ccuts. lut this
is not all. it is expected that next vcar will sec State College
producing a football team, and this as you are aware is no small

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 2|, 1917

item. The support of a squad of at least liftccn men, the pur-
chasing of suits, the paying ol'gunrautccs for games, and the
possibility of a coach would brim,r the total expenditures way
above the amount collected by a live dollar tax. Then again,
there are the hockey and baseball teams which should come in
for their share of support.

Taking in consideration other colleges. such as Syracuse.
Union and institutions of our own standard, when: an athclctic
tax of liftcen dollars is imposed, it is my idea that ten dollars:
from State College students is not an exhorbitaut fcc. Do not
let. its make the mistake of our fathers. When they planucd this
great institution they had no idea that it would cver reach its.
present growth. conscqucntly we have bccn forced to work

 

uudcr handicap. Let us provide for the future!
At any ratc it is encouragingr to licar from some of the students.
in regard to this proposed tax, and would write more continent

both pro and con.

E. l‘. ’H).

 

MONSEIGNEUR

RILEY
GIVES LECTURE ON
LINCOLN.

 

Points to Lincoln as Very Re—
ligions Man.

 

Lincoln’s Ilirlbday was cclc~
brach by the students of S. t‘.
'l‘. by listening to a most unique
and iutcrcstiug‘ lecture on Lin
colu givcn by Monscigucnr
itilcy of St. Alohu's Church.
.“chcucctady. 'l‘hc stndunts in
g’cucral votc I’albcr lx’ilcy's ad—
rlrcss one of the clcarcst and
most inturcstlug trcatmcnts of
thc lifc of Lincoln it has over
bccu thcir privilege to hunt.

Mouscigncnr lx’ilcy. in be-
tfiuuing. said that ltc wishcd to
givc a concrclc trcatnicnt of his
subjch and this in: did in t
Lincoln-likc fashion, by story
tolling. in treating of Lincoln
as a child. a lawycr. l'rcsidcut.
his looks or his rclig‘ion, thc
spcakcr iarcly cxprcssi-d his
own opinion but dcvclopcd Iltc
idca ho wisbcd by apt Slot" s
told by Lincoln himself or his
fricnds and admircrs.

How could hc have ln-ttcr
dcscribcd Lincoln's pcrsouzd ap—
pcaraucc than with thc. follow»
inisz “ llank Lincoln said ,r\hc
lookcd prctty lunch likc any
baby at lirst and bc didn't ifll
provc nouc as hc lLfl‘t‘W oldcr.
Lincoln's tailor oncc said. “i
don't bclicvc that the tailor
L.'\'t'l‘ lived who could lit ;\i)c
Lincoln with .' suit of clotbcs.
in fact his skin don't sccni to
lit hint."

Lincoln provcs that tho law
consists of but a fcw principlcs
and a mass of alnilicalious. Hc
pos‘ sscd but a 22 volume li—
brary. yct no one can doubt his
ability as a |H'actitioucr. llis
legal acnnicn and nndcrstand
int: of human ualurc is shown
by the. way he handlcd a
crniutry jury which ln- kncw
was being; inllucnccd by the op-
posing~ atlorncy's clorptcnce.
What it caulc Lincoln's turn to
spcak he said. “ l bcscccb you
not to hold against my fricud
what he has said he can’t ltclp.

 

n

 

 

 

lie was born that way. He rc<
minds me of a certain rivcr tut:
on the Ohio. This was a no
fool tug; with a is foot whistle.
livcry time the whistlc. blow.
the tug" stopped. and that’s the
way with my fricud. l'ivcry
time he bcg‘ius to speak he-
stops thinking."

it was pnilltt‘tl out that Lin-
coln. in all. attcudcd school
only six months and walkcd on
lhc a \‘cl'ag‘c uinc mile to do so.
Ycl in: was a tnastt'r of sitnplc.
forc‘clnl English. it was said
of him. “ Ilc adorned a talc and
poinlcd a moral."

.\lonscig‘ncnr |\'i|cy hold that
in rcality Lincoln was a dccply
religious man. No othcr l’rcsi-
dcul uscd the name of “ ('iod ”
morc fi'cqncntly. An examina—
tion of his farcwcll addrcss to
his lricuds at, Springﬁeld and
his cmatn'ipation proclamation
must convince our: of his (lttcpv
and abiding faith.

COMING! WHAT?

Read and Find Out.

 

licgiuuiug‘ with today. lich-
ruary 31st. in thc auditoinitun
at 41.40. thch will in: conducted
a scrirs of live talks ctuincutly,
worth while. 1\r(: you busy?
Busy or not. you will have
missed something you can‘t
get in any classroom if you fail
to bear Mr. j. V. .\loldcuh.'utcr
give his talks these Wednesday
aftcrnoons on his iutcrprrlation
of the [look of lx'cvclalions.
lie is :u‘ktlmvlcdgctl to bc (tilt:
of the liucstsp *akcrs in tin: city.
l’crhaps you havc hcard his
delightful talks on llaus ('hris-
tian Andi-rsou or his splendid
Y M, (I .-\. and Y. W. C. A.
addrcsscs. lit: is a man of
Slatcswi'dc note. and we of
State Collch arc to have lltc
opportunity of boating him.
The Young;r \Vonicn’s Christian
Association extends to all slu-
denls, men and woman“ a
cordial invitation to meet and
hear Mr. Moldcuhaucr. llon't
fail to be in the anditorituu at
4 :4o this :Iflcruoonl

