  

 

 

 

 

 

Page Two

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
A Weekly Journal

Vol. 1' March 28. 1917 No. 21

'Published weekly, on Wednesdays, during the college year. by the Com-

mittee on Publishing «College Weekly Newspaper. Class of 1918. New York
State College for Teachers, Albany, N. .
‘ The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertising rates
may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, etc., intended for publicn~
tion must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week preceding
publication.

The Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper,
Class of 1918.
Alfred E. Dedlcke, Editor--in-Chief
Subcommittees
Editorial Committee Conunitlce on Finance
Alfred E. Dedicke Lillian G. Magilton

1°" A‘ walk" Conmlillcn on Advertising
tauley Henson
Henry L. Grccnblatt
Alfred E. Dcdickc
Committee on News
Mildred brlchwan
Stanley Henson
Eloise Lansing
Kathryn Cole
Elmctta Van Dcloo
Ray Townsend
Maud Rose

Committee on Subscription:
Dorothy Austin
Kathryn Cole
Committee an Circulation
Mildred McEwan
Henry L. Greenblatt
Kathryn Cole
Commit/cc on Cartoon:
Benj. Cohen

MEN AND MEN.

Although thcrc has been a most gratifying rcsponsc by many
students to the proposition of introducng a coursc in military
scicucc into the collch next your, the requisite number of signaturcs
necessary to insure the project has not. at this writing, bccn obtaincd.
To those, including the president and many members of the faculty,
who are anxious that State College shall not be one whit bchiud the
other colleges of the land in matters of patriotism, this is no small
measure of disappointment.

It may he oil'crcd in explanation, that pcrbaps the committcc in
charge of this matter, has not made a thorough and systcniatic can—
vas, and that there are, it may be. a number of men, who would
gladly add thcir signatures, who have not been appriuichcd upon the
question. it seems preposterous to think that lcss than half of our
approximately two hundred men are willing to ' - responsi-
bility of defending the nation’s ﬂag and the nation's honor,

Yet that there are such men amon;r us the committcc can all too
truly vouch for. .It is not our purposc to say that every man who
refused to sign the petition is a traitor. a coward, or even an “ nn~
desirable citizen." Some men have offered explanations that did
seem quite justifiable, and have shown sincere regret that they are
unable to pledge themselves, but the fact remains. that there are those
who have refused as a matter of principle. This means that we have
among us the genuine unadulterated grape juice pacifist, lbc man
who “ does not believe in war," who refuses to take the chance of
“ being killed by a cannon,” and who is not cvcn sure that if a forciin
foe were marching up the Hudson valley he would tako rifle in hand
and go out, in defense of his home and loved ones, to meet the in—
vader. Yes, we have in the upper l‘ludson valley a few such men,
while below us at Vassar the students have, without a dissenting
vote, pledged themselves to do their part in upholding the nation's
honor and integrity. Vassar women and Statc Collch men! The
former bravely facing,r that which by nature they are expected to
shrink from, and the latter cringing with fear lcst thcy he called upon
to perform that which, from the birth of lhc race, has been their
sacred obligation and duty to do.

But let us ccasc dcploringr what is useless to lamcnt and ask our—
selves what this sort of man is the product of. Is it not the nefarious
propaganda of “ higher patriotism." that, during the last dccadc. has
been gradually eating its way through the industrial class, through
the schools and colleges into the very heart of the nation? is it not
the infamous devotion to pcacc~ pcacc at any price, so long as we
can accumulate bodi‘v comforts and wax fat in dollars? Thank
heaven that this ideal is passing, and when the ordeal that seems to
be awaiting us is past. our teachers will not go forth to exalt the
“ higher patriotism "of dcllars and cents, but to teach the patriotism
of devotion to duty, of love for the starry banner even unto death ——
the kind of patriotism that made pnssiblc and has maintained our
national existence.

But we must not omit to say a word about those who have un-
licsitatingly and unilinchingly responded.

 

7
L
:1
r‘
c

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 28, 1917

interest-and your eagerness, and we congratulate you upon your
sense of responsibility. We glory in your manhood, and though We
have not yet read your names upon the pages of history, yet we
recognize your type. The morning,r after the fall of Sumter 75,000
men just like you were responding to President Lincoln‘s call to
arms. It was men of your stamp who saved the Union, and it will
be men like you who will vindicate our national honor in the present

crisis.

LETTER TO EDITOR.

March 23, 1917.
To the Editor of ” The State College News ":

Last year the ctistoin of holding “ Student Assemblies “ on Fri-
day mornings was introduced. The purpose, I bclievc, was to all'ord
an opportunity to the students of State College to prcscnt their
ideas, suggestions. propagandas, etc, bcforc the entire student
body. ’l‘hcsc \rcrc adhered to quite rigidly at first, but. a gradual
departure soon appcarcd. 1'\t' lirst lectures were given occasionally,
latcr cvcry othcr week, until now it sccnis the custom to have an
outside speaker for at least half the allotted time at each assemblage,
and usually for thirty of the forty minutes.

l bclicvc that the student all'airs should be of primary iunn'u'tancc
at the assemblies, and the campaigns or suggestions of non-Cullch
pooplc of secondary importance, instead of vice vcr l. as now ap-
pears to la: the case. Let us lake the last student as. ~mbly as an
illustration. The manager of baseball w ‘chcdulod to spcak to thc
studcnt body on his Tat: Day, which was Friday. Now this was cs—
scnliully an intramural iutcrcst, as on the success of thc 'l‘ag Ilay
dcpcndcd the success of the sport of baseball in State Crillcgc. The
manager of track dcsircd an opportunity to speak about the lllCt’l
which hc was holdint,r the same cvcning; anolhcr mattcr which was
of tlll‘t‘t‘l interest to thc studcntbody. 'l‘be rcqucsts of thcsc mcn
\vcrc both sct aside to allow a slrnngcr to propagate a campaign for
the. aid of the prisonch of litiropc. The cause. was a worthy one, no
doubt, but should it be given preference to affairs which are essen—
tially Statc Collcgc interests and of special concern to our student-
body?

.I think and i know that l havc the support of many other students
in my contention, that in student asscmblics thc. mattcrs which affect
the students personally and are of direct interest to them should be
givcu the prcfcrcncc to extraneous snbjccls. Let us regard our sin-
dcnt affairs as of primary importance. for if we do not, no one clsc
will. |.ct us give to our own sludcnt affairs the most of our attcn—
tion on Friday mornings, licrcaitcr. and regard the proposals of
otlicrs as of secondary importance. i do not advocate that such
spcakcrs should be barred from :uuicarint,r before the student as-
sembly. in fact l am always willing to hear the opinions of others.
but I do object to havingr our own student sp takers crowded out to
makc room for an outside spcakcr.

Trusting: that this sugccslion will he looked on with favor, and
that our " Studcnl Assemblies " will again he gmminc student as-
semblies. l remain,

 

   
  

Rspcctfully yours.
/\ {\‘ICNlOR.

 

PAY FOR. THE PEDA-
GOGUE.

ho will put on an intcrclass
tournament in the spring. to dc-
, cide the championship of the
lfvcrvonc is urged to pay for wncge'
their “ l’cdac‘og‘ue " as soon as
possiblc. 'l‘his money must be
paid without ill-lav if you wish
to obtain your book.

PRIZE FOR BEST CHEER
AWARDED.

RAYMOND CLAPP IS NEW

 

(‘hairman ('iocwcy, of the
committee appointed to sclcct

 

TENNIS MANAGER.

lrvinu' (iocwcy ’18 rcsigned
from the tennis managership at
lllL‘ :\, x\. inrcting' last \\"cdn(‘s-
dav. and h‘avmond Clapp, I". (7..
was t‘lcctcd to succeed him,
loth (locwcy and Clapp are ex-
ccllcnt players and greatly iii-
terested in the game. Manatrer
Clanp will arranc‘c a schedule
calling for names between the
State f'nllcgc tennis tcam and

We thank you for your tcamsoiucar-by colleges. Also

 

the host cliccrs of those handcd
in by various students, an—
nounced to the stndcnlbmly last
Friday morninu'. that the com-
inittoe had found the cheers
given them for approval far
below the expected standard of
cxccllcncc, and that conse—
quently onlv one prize would
be trivcn, The first prizc of
three dollars was awarded to
Alfred l7“ Dedickc ’18 who
handed in tho limpr Flalc Cni-
lcrrc chccr used during the
basketball season.

 

