 

 

 

 

 
   

 Tito
.,  V I sure: COLLEGE NEWS
V vat-:11 October 31; 1917 No. 7

Published weekly, on Wednesdays. dnrlng the colle e year, by the
Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, ew York State
College for Teachers, Albany, N. . '

.The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertising
rates may be-hed.onvappllcation. Articles, manuscripts, etc., intended
for. publicationmustbe in the News Box before Saturdays of the week
preceding publication. '

SENIOR EDITORS REPORTERS

 

Caroline E. Lipes
Alfred Miller
Donald Tower
Dorothy Banner
Bernice Bronner
Dorothy VVakerly

Kathryn Cole
Stanley Henson
Mildred L. McEwan
Lillian G. Magilton

 

 

STEP-SINGING

A-' great deal has been said about “College Sings,” but why
not have some organized step-singing, such as they have at
Cbrnell, Smith and Welleslcy?

'Let eaéh' class get together, have its own class songs. and
elect- its own. leader.

Let us have in June an "original song” competition between

the four classes. .
' ,Let us have our last step~singing in June a ceremony that will
become a college tradition—class songs, college songs, Senior
song of‘ departure as they give up their place on the steps to the
Juniors, Junior song as they take the place of the departed
Seniors.

Of course, necessarily our step~singing will be limited to
autumn and spring. However, if during the winter each class
will get together and practice its songs, we will be well prepared
when spring comes for the outdoor singing. .

WHERE IS THE SMITH~HUGHES FUND?

Members of the Senior Class in the Home Economics Depart-
ment, who are now doing their practice teaching in the city
schools, with only the slight supervision Which it, is possible for
, busy teachers to give, in addition‘to their regular work, are

wondering what has become of the money from the Smith-

Hughes fund, which was to be appropriated to the college for

additional teaching service. It was generally understood among

the Seniors that one of the ﬁrst acts to follow the appropriation
of this money would be the [hiring of a ﬁrst class woman to
devote her time to the supervision of practice teaching in

Domestic Science and Domestic Art.

_There are thirty-eight girls in the Senior Class subject to
'practice teaching and they very greatly feel the necessity of

much better provision for the supervision of their work than is
afforded by the present arrangement. The Smitli-Itlughes bill
was an act of Congress appropriating money from the United
States Government treasury to be distributed among the various
states for the promotion of industrial education. Part of this
money is given speciﬁcally for the training of teachers in Home
Economics and a generous share has been appropriated to New
York State for this purpose.
I The money was supposed to be available on October Ist. and
it was [expected that authority would be given the college to
engage one or more new teachers soon after that date. An
inquiry on the part of the Seniors as to when the new critic
teacher might be expected elicited the information that action
had not yet been taken by the State authorities which made it
possrble for the college to act inlthe matter. If. this is true, that
this money is available and has been since the ﬁrst day of
October and that it is not being; used because proper steps have
not been taken in the Education Department to authorize its
use by the college, something should be done to correct this
state-of affairs, as the work of the Senior girls is very seriously
handicapped for want of additional teachers. Where, 0 where
is our critic teacher? H. E. Seniors.

NATIONAL HYMNS

 

None can say that State ‘Collfege lacks patriotism. We have
an honor roll; we have boughtﬂJibcrty bonds; we have a Red
Cross Auxiliary; but there is yet another way of showing what
our country means to us. What? Merely to learn our national
songs. ' ' ' ’ ' '

 

 

S’I‘ATE COIJLEG'E NEWS, QCTOB’ER 31,1917

Those who were in student assembly a week or soagp, when
"America ” was sung, will remember the scramble for song
books, hymn books—anything with the words. And when it
comes to “The 'Star Spangled Banner” how many can go
beyond the ﬁrst verso? Perhaps this isn’t lack of patriotism, bu‘
do you suppose there are many Germans who don’t know “ Die
Wacht am Rhein " by heart? Can you put patriotism into your
singing, while looking to see what comes next? Is there a single
person who does not know every word of some popular song?
Then why not the national airs? Your college song book'is
just the place to learn the words.

Some Friday our knowledge of these songs will be tested
again. Are you going to reach for a book."

OPEN THE GYM

Last week we printed our opinion of the athletic situation.
We urged the men to get down to work. This week we have
to urge the college authorities to provide the fellows with
facilities for practice. Every time they try to get on the floor
they ﬁnd the door of the gym locked. ,This ought to be taken
care of. The gym should be accessible at all times for there are
always some players who want to practice. Last year some
made themselves persona non gratae by their using the gym
as a hang-out and place for roughhouse. Let the boys who
want to work have the use of the floor and discriminate against

the others. ——————-
AN INTERESTING LETTER

 

Co. 17, 15th ,Bn., 153111 Depot Brig.
Dear Editor: ~ Camp Dix, N. J. Oct. 28, 1917.

Well, I suppose that you would like to know something about the
place and the work. The camp is a very large one, covering about
25 square miles. It is very similar to a small city, except that the
inhabitants are all soldiers instead of civilians. We all live in wooden
barracks that are very comfortable. The ofﬁcers’ quarters arevery
good, each ofﬁcer having a room for himself. We have our own chef
and so the mess is exceptional, mess meaning the army term for
” Eats.” I am still a Second Lieutenant but hope very soon to
advance. I am assigned to a companyin the Depot Brigade, which
is an organization for training men for vacancies in the line. Also
for training specialists, such as ” Bombers, Snipers, Gas-men, etc.”
I have been attached to ﬁve different companies so far, helping to
or“ anizc and train each, so that l have had considerable experience.
The work is very interesting and the men are very good and willing
to learn. There was. however, one company in which I had about
fifteen Poles, none of them being able to speak or understand Eng-
lish. You can imagine me trying to teach them anything. That is
a very exceptional case though.

The work that I have is very similar to teaching. The men are
similar to a bunch of children. We have to teach them how to live
correctly, take care of themselves, dcvclope them and handle them—
selves, all of course, according to the laws and customs of the army.
However, I have been able to put into practice many of the principles
learned at college.

There are a good many times though that i wish that I were back
in school. Especially when I think of that wonderful FootBall
team that we were going to have this year. Also I grieve to think
that I will never get another chalice at R. P. I. and Union. We have
some foot ball down here‘but we do not get much time for it.

Well I will have to close now. I want to thank you again for your
trouble. If you ever have any time on your hands, sit down and
tell me some of the things going on in school in a letter. I would be
very interested. Wishing you all kinds of luck, I remain

Sincerely yours,
JESSE A. JONES, JR., 2nd Lieut. Inf. U. S. R.

 

House. Committees will report
and a name will be chosen. All
Episcopalians, and all not
aﬁ‘iliated with any church are
invited to attend.

COLLEGE CLUB

College Club will meet
Friday, November 2, at 3:45
. m., in Room :01. Dr.
Richardson will speak on “ The
Factors in the War.” Every
faculty member and every

MENS’ ATHLETICS
student is invited. Comel .

 

An interclass football game
will be played at 1 o’clock on
Saturday, November 3, 1917.
The men are in ﬁne shape and
we may expect a snappy game.
Be sure to be on the sidelines.

L . EPISCOPAL cure

The Episcopal 5 will
meet, thnday. zNevember. 5. at
8 p. m., in 'St. Andrew’s Parish

 

 

