 

 

 

 

 

   

l’illd Two
STATE COLLEGE NEWS
. November 14,1917 l

Vol, II No. 9

Published weekly, on Wednesdays, during the colic e year, by the‘

Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, ew York State
College for Teachers, Albany, N. Y. .

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a’year. Advertising
rates may be had on application. Articles. manuscripts, etc., intended
for publication must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week

L , preceding publication.

SENIOR EDITORS REPORTERS

 

Caroline E. Lipes
Alfred Miller
Donald Tower

Dorothy Banner

Bernice Bronner

Dorothy Wakerly

Kathryn Cole
Stanley Heason
Mildred L. McEwan
Lillian G. Magilton

 

 

WHAT WE ARE GOING TO DO ABOUT IT
The success of woman suffrage in the “Empire State” has,
of course, brought rejoicing to the hearts of its disciples and
addcd to the downpour of scofﬁng criticisms from all the inﬁdels
who have been delaying the cause. Their “anthem of hate” is
now, “ Well, now they’ve got it, they‘ll have to showus what
they can dol” And for once in their lives they are right.
Using,r that ancient and proper phrase, in elegant English—it
is up to us! Speaking generally it is up to the educated, broad"
minded women, kccnly awake to civic duty, to inﬂuence their
less fortunate sisters how to exercise rightly their new privilege.
But for us, State College students. who are enjoying educational
privileges that should lit us to assume this new rcsprmsihility.
we have opportunities right at hand to obtain the political phase
of education. l’olitics, you know, from now on. is the new sphere
of activity which we are to master. We refer to our govcrir
mcnt courses. Our need now is to learn what our forms of
government are and then where our vote belongs in the working
out of those forms of government. All ye voters of the future,
start now and here toward making your vote count!

A REPLY

, it is evident from the article which appeared in the last issue
of the “News” that there is a misuudcrstamling as to the
organization of htlyskania. ‘

The clause stated was from the articles of organization and
not from h’lyskauia’s constitution, which is known only to its
members. There will be no further elections to the ‘h’lyskania of
1918. '

’ Myskania.

The members of the State College “News” Board extend
their smccrcst sympathy to Prof. .liarnard S. Bronson in his
recent bereavement.

IMPRESSIONS OF A NATIONAL ARMY CANTONMENT
Camp Dcvcns, Mass.

After six weeks of life in this camp perhaps i can .rccord a

few impressirms that may give to the ones outside true ideas of

how we live.

- There is not a soldier of the National Army but who will

remember always the day of leaving home and arriving at camp.

I never saw before so much genuine emotion as at our leave-

, taking. ‘

And that first night in camp. imagine getting off a train in
the dark with a large body of men, carrying onc’s lug (c, under
theJlirection of mounted ofﬁcers, over a strange, rough road
for a couple of miles, arriving at strange appearing, barn—like
structures entering one of these and standing in line to receive
mess l'its. and be served with a meal; after washing your own
dishes, in line again for cots and blankets, lilting a bed—sack with
straw and making a bed! And then the attempt to be com—
fortable enough, bodily and mentally, to sleep under the strange
surroumlings and in the cold.

it a: *

 

 

* a: a

We have plenty of wholesome food, enough clothing, and the
barracks furnish efﬁcient shelter—but there is no heat nor hot
water as yet, Of course, grumbling is ababit, for it is difﬁcult
for many to realize that it is impossible to furnish us with the
comforts and luxuries of home.

‘rich ﬁeld of work they are going into.

STATE comeduvas, NOVEMBER :4, 19:7

\

Nest of the men felt at ﬁrst that they had to come, and would
try to see the thing through, hoping the experience would all be
over Soon. This attitude I am sure is changing now. Some
really, like the life; others, the majority, are satisﬁed for .duty’s
sake, and a few will still have none of it.

Everyone, either outwardly or inwardly, blesses the‘Y. M.
C. A. places, of which there are thirteen in camp. This Institu-
tion furnishes the boys warm places to sit, music, facilities for,
writing and reading, "movies," and other entertainment, and
very often with instruction in English and French. Morally, a
much needed and tremendous force is exerted.

After all has been said, the soldiers’ training necessitates some
real hardships and these are least easily borne by the man
withoui a vision of duty and service to make his sacriﬁces seem

worth while.
J. H. Ward ’14.

112 Bank Street, Batavia, N. Y.
November 5, 19r7.
Dear Editor:

I have looked forward eagerly to the coming of each State
College “News.” it is indeed like beingr back again at the dear
institution and enjoying the company of all of you when I read
the ruany interesting articles.

It is a pleasure, too, to note the whole-hearted college spirit
which is infused in so many of your articles. My, with such a
spur to urge them on, the State College students should do great
things this year.

I am mighty glad that athletics still have a prominent place
in the college life. .[ feared, like many others, that ” no basket-
ball” would be a password this coming winter. Hurrah, l’m
glad I. was wrong, and .t earnestly hope that the team will com-
pare favorably with that line group of fellows of last year.

As one of the helpers in bringing out the Song Hook, f am
rather anxious to learn if the student body is really making use
of the book. .

No one builds more castles in the air than I do in relation to
the future musical standards of State College. There should be
a popular desire. and that desire should be popular in the larger
sense, to have wcckly sings in the gym or amlitorium. Why
not? Surely the voices are capable, and I’m sure the spirit isn’t;
lacking. May someone got this under way.

I also write to tell the prospective teachers of the genuinely
Personally, I have been
very fortunate, but on hearing" from many of the “ 1917” Class,
l conclude we all have. All say—teaching is not only interest-
ing—it is inspiring. With the instruction received at State
College and the rich environment afforded there, we of 19I7
have gone out, and we confess that our occupation has been both
worthy and pleasant.

I write this part of the letter to encourage you who follow
later and to have you realize in a measure that your vocation
will be just as big and worth while as you yourselves make it.

And, by the way, congratulations are certainly coming to you
of the student body who so well aided in the patriotic subscrip—
tion for the Liberty Iiond.

i. would he plcaesd to hear from any of my friends, and 1'“
cnclosc my address— in hopes.

Very truly yours,
Kolin linger ’I7.

 

ITEMS OF INTEREST and Key " aml " Bull’s Head,”
there are seven members.

None of the members of
“ ,amariau Club,” the honor—
ary society at lirown, have re—
turned.

In no instance have addi-
tions been made to the socic‘
tics.

During- the week $8.050 of
the State Fcholarship money
has bccn distributed among
one hundred and seventy—nine
students. This means that one
student in every four at the
college is a holder of a New
York State Scholarship. '—

A meeting of the Press Club
will be held 'lThursday, at 3:45.
in Yale there are three senior in Room 101. After reports

 

honorary societies composed of
I5 members each. As a result
of enlistment in the U. S. ranks
none of the members of ” Skull
and Bones,” the oldest organi—
zation, have returned to col-
lege. In the other two, ” Scroll

 

from the seven people who are
now writing for out-ot—town
papers are made, nominations
for- the coming,r year's ofﬁcers
will be made. All members are
urged to be present.

Continued an page 3

