 

 

 
   

Pine Two

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Vol. I June 13, 1917 No. 25

Published weekly, on Wednesdays, during the college year, by the Com-
mittee on Publishinga Colle e Weekly Newspaper. Class of 1918, New York
State College for Teachers, lbany, N. . ‘ . ,

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertising rates
May be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, etc., intended for publica-
tion must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week preceding
publication.

The Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper,
Class of. 1918.
Joseph A. Walker, Acting; Editor-iinChiei
Subcommittees
Editorial Committee Committee on Finanrt
Alfred E. Dedicke Lillian G. Magilton
1°" A' Walk" Committee an Adi/urtiri'ug

Committee an Subscription: “mi-1,111? Freeman"
Dorothy Austin ", ' . ‘
Kathryn cob Alfred E. Dcdicke
Comm/lee on New:
Committee an Circulation Mildred M cEwan
Mildred McEwan Stanley Henson
Henry L. Greenblatt Elmsc 14105!le
Kathryn Cole Kathi?" C0"?
. . Elmena Van Deleo
Lommittce on Cartoons- Ray Townsend
Benj. Cohen Maud Rose

 

A LAST WORD

This is the last issue of the “ News ” for the year [016-17.
intensely grateful to the students who have given us their sup—
port, financial and otherwise, during a year that has been fraught
with most trying difficulties, we bring our work to a close, offer-
ing at the same time our most hearty thanks and pledging our—
selves in the year to come to put forth the same unstinted ell’orts,
to endeavor to maintain and improve the standard that has been
set, and to serve the needs of the College to the fullest extent of
our ability.

Next year several persons who have been actively connected
with the paper will be replaced by members of other classes.
This is as it should be. While it fell to the lot of the class of
’18 to pilot the “News” thrmtgh its first year, that it cannot
continue to so-pilot it indeﬁnitely, is obvious. The “ News ” was
intended to be,. and is, we trust. a calendar of College thought,
College opinion, College activity and sentiment. W'c have felt
many times during the year the need of a closer touch with the
best minds of other classes, and we hope that the “new blood ”

- that has been added to our staff may enable us to rebuild and
strengthen any weakness that that need occasioned.

We are free to confess that there have been certain weak»
nesses, certain failings, certain shortcomings in our manage-
ment of the paper. lint they have been principally sins of
omission and have been occasioned many times by the fact that
there were those who turned a deaf ear to our pleas for better
support of the project. by the fact that some students who
promised their support failed to regard their promises as binding,
by the fact that we felt, at times, that we were lightingr a hopeless
battle and that the necessary spirit for the success of the under—
taking did not exist in State College. We are glad to admit
now, however. that, while we were compelled to omit several
issues because of insufﬁcient funds, we have been splendidly
hacked by «a large number of enthusiastic students. and that, on
the whole. we have won a fair degree of success. The statement
below will show just what it has cost to run the “ News " during
the twenty-ﬁve issues that it has appeared. Conﬁdent now that
the paper is safely established, we. are planning to surpass this
year's achievements worthy as we feel they have been.

Editorially we believe the “ News " has stood steadfastly
for better college spirit in athletics. in the classrooms. in
our attitude toward our instructors and toward each other;
we believe we have been loyal to the principles of justice
and fair play in so far as it was given us to know and
understand; we believe we have been an inﬂuence toward'
arousing a true sense of responsibility and duty both to our Col—
lege and to our country. We have pointed out wrong where we
understood wrong to exist; we have praised earnest endeavor
where we consideer praise to ‘be due. 'We have striven to
awalien students to a complete realization of the exalted calling
to wtic-h they are aspiring and have endeavored to help them so
shape their lives as to make that calling proud of them. These
have been the ideals of this paper, and in the future we shall

 may“  N: we».  .

‘ STATE COLLEGE NEWS. JUNE 13, 1917

persevere in'maiutaining them. We shall continue to speak
frankly in our condcnniatiou of irregularities, misconduct and
student inertia, but We shall do so only when we are reasomibly
sure that we have just and sufficient cause for rebuke. On the
other hand, we shall welcome criticism of ourselves and will
strive to rectify whatever may be worthy of censure. " Progress "
is the watchword of the ” News; ” blessed are both you and we
if mutually we aid each other in its attainment.

 

1:1, erCivCIAL .l.tJ2l.’OR'l‘.

Submitted June 2, 1917, .by Li
Receipts

 

lliau ("i. h/lagilton. Hus, Mgr.

 

 

 

336 subscriptions ....... . . . . ........ $504 00
Single copies .. . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... 9 44
Partly paid subscriptions .... . . . . . . .. 5 05
Advertisement . . ........ . . . . . . . . . ' .. 104 96
. fish?
Expenditures >
Printing . . ..... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. $562 50
Supplies.. 40 42

Total expenditures ......

’l‘otal receipts .........
lialancc . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . ..

, . . . . .. $623 45
$623 45

STANDARD RING

 

For many years it has been the custom of the graduating

class to get class rings.
leg‘c seal modified in some way.
been but slight. Still these cha

its purposc-n-aniely——a means of identification.

Each vcar thcsc rinc‘s have had the Col-
' u - h u 1 V q
Sometimes this modification has

ng'cs caused the ringr to fail in
The class

of 1018 in making arrangements for their ring took these things
into consideration and thought it would be advtsa‘hlc to have a

standard ring for the College.

The committee, cmnposcd of

Agnes Moore. Ruth Murtaugh, Lillian King and Lillian -\'lagil~

ton. added to their nuurbcr three

members from 1919— Bernice

Bronner, Ernest l’ndenbaugh and 'Nitargaret Flynn—and from

1920 Elizabeth Osborne. Ernest T

At student assembly it was
adopted and so the committee are
the bid this week.

ripp and lE-mily Lccurman,
voted that a standard ring be
making: arrangements to award

The linal step in selecting the design will be

taken just as soon as College opens in the fall.

 

A SKETCH on 1917.

 

liaclh departing class leaves
somethng of tradition and ex-
perience to its successors.
” He who has never made a
mistake has never made any—
thing." 1917 claims leniency
for its shortcomings. in so far
as they may be warnings to the
coming.r generations.

in certain directions our
pride is‘pardona'blc, because it
is equally the pride of the
whole college. The year’s suc-
cessful Friday mornings is an
instance. A well—planned
h’loving-up Day is another.
Under sturdy and widcawakc
leadership “The Echo” has
taken its new place as the
purely literary expression of
the college. We have been in
great need of a collection of
songs. and the College Song
Book is the result of two years
of planning and solid labor.

The class of 1917 has been
peculiarly honored, because the
faculty plan for a Senior Coun—

 

cil has originated during this
year. Myskania will he one of
the most permanent and in—
fluential college traditions.

1017 thanks the college, both
faculty and students. for four
happy years aml thanks ” The
College News " for this oppor~
tunity to speak a word of fare—
well.

 

RED CROSS.
M uch interest has been
manifested in the red cross

work which has been taken no

recently. Up to (late there are
148 signatures of membership,
Registration is still open for all
those who wish to join,

The kinds of membership
are: Annual. $1; Contributing.
$5; Life, $25; Subscriber, $2:
Sustaining. $10; Patron, $100.

Kappa Nu has contributed
$8 and Eta Phi $10 to the Red
Cross Fund from the proceeds
of their annual spring dances.

 

