 
 

 

 

 

I Page TWo

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
r A Weekly Journal

Vol. I February 14, 1917 No. 15

' Published weekly. on Wednesdays, during the college year. by the Com-
mittee on Publishing a Colle e Weekly Newspaper, Class of 1918. New York
StateVCollege for Teachers. lbany, N
The subscription rate_ is_one dollar and a half a year. Advertising rates
may he had on applicattoiu Articles, manuscripts, etc., intended for publica~
tion must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week preceding
publication. v
The Commit-tee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper.
Class of 1918.
Alfred E. Dedicke, Editor-in-Chiet
Subcommittees
Editorial Committee Committee on Finance
Alfred E. Dedicke Lillian G. Magilton
Jos‘ A' walker Committee an Advertising

Committee on Subscriptions Similey Henson
' Henry L. Greenhlatt
Dorothy Austin A” .
Kathryn Cole rcd  Dcdrckc

. I Caimnitlce on Nam-
Commute: an Circulation ildrcd McEwan
Mildred McEwan Stanley Henson
Henry L. Grecnblatt Elmse Lansms
Kathryn Core Kathryn Cole
. I Elmctta Van Deloo
Commune on Cartoon: Ray Townsend
Bani. Cohen Maud Rose

   

DO THE HONOR

 

Meet: the Terms of the Contract You Made.

 

Wc loathc the idea of beginning the second scmcstcr of this

college year and incidentally the second semester in the history
of the "State College News” with the unpleasant business of
“dunning.” but since we are here to make the papcr a success
and since its success depends entirely upon the support it receives
from the students, we see ourselves compelled to act as necessity
demands. We wish to call attention to the following facts:
\Vben the founding of the “News” was being considered. esti-
mates were made of what sum Would have to be charged in order
to make the new paper self-supporting. After careful investiga-
tion of conditions we settled upon $r.5o as the sum which would
induce a demand great enough to ﬁnance the venture. The sub»
sequent number of subscribers was up to our expectations. and
while our advertising business, owing to strong competition. was
somewhat of a disappointment. yet the outlonk on the whole was
promising and justiﬁed our bclief that the ” State College Ncws ”
had come to stay.
. Since last October the paper has been issued regularly on
schedule time. \Vc. hope our pride in that fact will be appreciatcd.
Curious to know how some of the better known college papers
fared during their first years. we recently took the pains to look
into the history of some. and as a result of which we are glad to
be able to report that our record so far surpasses that of almost
cvcrv paper investigated. The City College “ Campus,” for in-
stance. during its ﬁrst ycar was often over a week late. and oltcn
did not appear at all. This little investigation brought out that
our journal. although it is as yet far from being a ﬁnished product.
yet compares vcrv favorably with the early showing made by
many a now prominent collcgc sheet. \Vc fccl. therefore. that
we are instiﬁed in stating that we have kept our faith with our
subscribers. .

Last fall some four hnndrcd odd students promised to pay
SI.<0 on or before December ist. in return for a copy of the
“State College News ” cvcrv week during the College year.
Strange to say. over one hundred of those who made such a con«
tract with us have failed to meet its terms. Over one hundred
students have neglected to new the price of their subscription.
We could write pages about the absolute need of honestv and
trust in business. and the absolute failure of the same without
them. Still we would not be setting forth anything which each
one of these one hundred or more dclinqucnts does not alreadv
know. ‘ The trouble here seems to be that most of the. neglectful
people do not take anv contract madc with us seriously. because
thcv have not yet acouired that proper sense of responsibility
which added years and more cxpcricncc will bring. we hope. '

in the fall a deﬁnite budget was made out by us. which called
for a certain number of issues of our paper for this College year.
In making this budget we placed absolute faith in the contract

.STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FEBRUARY 14. 1917

we had made with four hundred of the students. Three hundred
have done their part. One hundred have failed. If you are one
of this minority. don’t you believe with us, that now is the time
to acquire habits that are good and helpful? (“let the habit of
paying promptly. (ict the habit of doing the honorable thing.
Get. the habit of rcspcctiug your own Wt)l'(l, spoken or written.
Acquire tbcsc habits quickly and you will not fail to meet the

 

 

terms of the contract youmade with us.

 

LETTER TO EDITOR.

Dear Sin—Why should the Class of '20 be the only one to
start college traditions and the Freshmen be the only ones to

have the fun of carrying them out?

each class to do?

Isn’t there something for

Something has occurred to me for the Seniors to do which will

add dignity to our asscnrblics and be a compliment to the
maining seated ” of the Freshman.
All of thcln would if they had a use for them.

gOVVIlS.

" rc-
Most Seniors buy caps and
I pro~

pose that the Seniors wear their caps and gowns to chapel and
student asscmbly after moving—up day and pass out before the

Juniors and Sopbumiiu‘cs.

I have ithcr traditions to be suggested by Others.

one find favor.

May this
A JUNIOR.

 

STATE COLLEGE HAS
NEW’MAN CLUB.

Organized Among Students for
Religious. Social and Literary

Purposes.

 

llndcr lbc dircction of the
Rev. Joscpb A. lqlunncy. supcr-
visor of thc schools of the
Roman Catholic Diocese of Al-
bany. and with the approval of
llishop Thomas F. 'Cusack. the
Newnum Club. a religious.
social and litcrary body. was
organized by students ‘at State
Collcgc. The organization
took placc in the College audi—
torium and more than I75
mcmbcrs. including representa-
tivcs from all the classes at the
College. were enrolled.

'I‘bc whole capitol district is
rcprcscntcd in thc i')rgzlttiza-
tion. the student body includ-
ing young men and women
from all the cities and villages
in the vicinity of Albany.
it‘atbcr Dunncy. who addressed
the mcmbcrs aftcr lhc organi-
zation had been perfected. said
that it had long been deemed
ad visablc to gather tbcsc young
men and women in an associa—
tion through which they might
have the best social. educa—
tional and religious advantages
while they arc attending the
College. especially those who
CnlllC from outside cities and
are thrown among strangers.
Father Dunncy said that in ad-
dition to the sanction of Bishop
(’Tnsat‘k the new club also has
the hearty cndorsemcnt of the
president. of the College. Dr. A.
R. Brubachcr.

Professor lohn Mahar of the
College facility called the meet—
ing to order and Professor
Louis Ward was named chair-
man. I'Tc introduch Father
Dnnncy. who outlined the pur-

 

poses oi lhclclub. 'l‘bc rcprc-
scntalivcs of curb class numiA
Itatcd three of their members to
the College council. which will
dircct the affairs of the club.
'l‘hcsc council members arc:

Seniors ~< Reinhard A. lio-
bnns. ‘loscpbiuc l’». Kcating,
‘l‘ulia lCI'dlc.

Juniors ~—< Arthur iiurns,
Margaret Sbcvlin, Lillian Ma-
gilton.

Sophomorcs — James IL.
Connors. Margaret .li'lynn.
ICtbcl McKcunn.

li‘rcshmcn — William Mcr-
chant. Florence chnan.
li‘ranccs l5. Sbcchan.

.l'ost tiraduates —~ Louis
\r\"ard. Anna Moran. Catherine
'irccn.

Father Dunncy says a New-
man Club has been a great need
in Albany for years. there be-
int,r no distinctive collegiate
body to hold up Roman Cath-
olic. ideals. social. educational
and religious. He said the
State College had been lagging
behind the other great cduca~
tional institutions in organizing
such clubs, a chain of which
now extends from Maine to
California. At the University
of California. he said. there is a
splendid organization which
founded Newman ball there.
The organizations are interna-
tional in scope, and at Oxford,
England. there are the Pope’s
hall and Hunter Blair’s hall,
founded by the Newman Club.

 

Editor State College News:
Dear Sir.—— in answer to a re-
qucst received by a student com-
mittee. i wish to apologize to
the stndcutbody through the
columns of your paper for root-
ing for Niagara, my formcr
Alma Mater. in her game here
with State College.
(Signed) JOHN KEISLILR.

 

