 

i. so,»- 

’P'awntrIV-kvt’» w... ., .

PAGE I

The High, The Mighty...

The Student Senate, to be referred to in the future
as SA, met Wednesday night for their ﬁrst meeting of the
year. They presented their rules of operating for the com-
ing semester, and they had their ﬁrst ﬁght of the year.
A rule was presented, and passed, which takes away the
right of any student in this college to walk into a Senate
meeting and enter into debate!!! Of course, one may “ad-
dress” the Senate by acquiring the permission of the
Student Association President—by the way, the word “ad-
dress” implies that you have all your facts down pat in
that little skull of yours before you put your tootsie
through that heavenly hall, the Senate Chamber. This
is nothing but a lot of pure, old—fashioned hogwash, if we
may get blunt.

It’s a crying shame when people who have been active
in student government throughout their college careers
must sit in mute silence and pass notes to Senators to raise
a point. It would seem that some of our senators would
be rather embarrassed to even accept points for discussion
from folks whose knowledge of this college might far ex-
ceed theirs, and in some cases, does!!!

The purpose behind the new SA Constitution, as drawn
up last spring, was to incorporate more students into stu-
dent government at this college—there are plenty of peo-
ple on this campus who can vouch for that! Another error
was tossed around at the ﬁrst meeting—Senators are elect-
ed from the classes, but they represent the whole school.
Perhaps a few of our noble Senators should get themselves
acquainted with the philosophy behind the new SA
Constitution!

People worked long hours last semester on a new
Student Association Constitution—if the ﬁrst session of the
Senate is any indication of things to come, their work has
been a futile waste of time and effort. The federal govern-
ment’s system of lawmaking is ﬁne—for the federal gov-
ernment, but we are State College, and government here
must mean more to the students than the paying of an
activity fee, if the students so desire. The Senate has cut
out its work, and more than it can swallow without choking.

To the Senators, we say think. Do you feel yourselves
fully competent for the 99.9‘} of government you have
taken upon yourselves to handle?—think it over. . . .

Let’s remember that the Senate is an outgrowth of
Student Association, and not vice—versa. Perhaps the High
and Mighty (which also is the name of a movie showing
Saturday night) should come off their cloud. Prestige is
good, but not at the expense of a student body . . . or is
the Senate after Myskania’s prestige?

Apology. ..

The upperclassmen of this college owe someone an
apology. We can understand that the ﬁrst week is a hectic
one; we can also understand that the uppei'classmen, for
the ﬁrst time in over a year, are free from the highly dis—
agreeable compulsory convocations. What we fail to under-
stand is how the supposedly mature upper crust of this
college could not—or would not, attend a meeting of Stu-
dent Association at which the President of this College
spoke. We offer no excuses for this showing of a lack of
consideration on the part of the classes of 1958, ’59, and
’60. We do say one thing, let it never happen again as
long as there is a State College.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESIAULISHED MAY 1916

HY IHE CLASS OF ISIS

 

Firs" Dim”: CSPA .‘it'l'liliil l’lucc ACP
VOL. XLII September ‘1'], 1957 NJ 15
Members of liii: NEWS ..'iiiI niiiy be Il’ilt‘lnﬁil, Monthly and t‘t’etiui-gm.) “u”. -l m
11 ill“ 9W! 'le'v'l‘d) flute 3* in ii iilli iii 2 Iron idz' ll emu...» IIt‘liiiil‘l if their
Bzarek 2-9870. Hitchcock Li 7630, Kiiiiipli $0870
The undergraduate lit'vndiiipt'r “I llil‘ Niw Yoii'. inali- College for TEN-1W”.
published every Friday oi ll.i‘ (:ollegi- )iliil ii~, ii.“ “pi/Hi “mm II” the “luau”.
Mitociation
MARIE I)I‘.’I"l‘!iltllt
JOSEPH b‘ZAIth'K
ANN HITCHCUCK -
MARLENE ACKERMAN
MARY FITZI‘A’I‘RICK
NANCY RICHARDS
AB'I‘Hllit I'LO’I‘NIK
ROBERT KAMI‘F
“BALL EAGLES

I‘IIU'i tiiiitAI'II l'

(’o Lilitoraiirlllilef

r (Jo-iaiiitiu ~in—Cliiei
Iluallll'nx Advertising Editor
7 Associate Editor
Annocilttt‘ Editor

Aaaui'iiltc Editor

I'eiiture Editor

Nun!” Editor

(‘iii ui.ilioii lunhunge Editor

Mate iiiilegi- I‘iioto hl'ri'll't‘
A“ “Q‘uulunypdtnﬂlb should be addressed to the cdiloi‘ and must be signed. Names

will be Withheld on requesi 'liie STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
to, ("gm/“,3 i'ﬂplilizirud in its common or coiiiiiiunicationn, as such expressions do not

[incubating icilut its VieWb
«an»!

 

 

 

 

 

 

I Kapdd (W l
By ART PALAZZOLO

STRAND

Jet Pilot. Howard Hughes has
used the same old formula for a
successful movie, (money—wise, that
is) and with the help of that inde-
structible old war-horse, John
Wayne, along with one well-stacked
girl, Janet Leigh (just ask Tony
Curtis), he has come up with a
typical gung—ho movie with the mor-
al: Don't fool with the U. S. Air
Force! As an added attraction to
tear you away from your school
work, TV sets, and date rooms
they're showing the Basilio-Robin-
son fiasco.

PALACE

3:10 to Yuma with Glenn Ford,
Van Heﬂin and Felicia Farr.
western very smiilar in plot to High
Noon. This picture builds up sus—
pense as the time nears 3:10 when
Van ithe good guy) is to put Glenn
(the crooki on a train where he is
to be sent to face the consequences
of his evil-doings. Glenn is cockey
'till the end, for even crooks have
friends, and Glenn's pals are de-
termined to save their beloved lead-
er so he may continue his evil doings.
Not a bad movie—even if it is a
western. For those of you more in-
terested in the ﬁner things in life,
the second feature stars Sophia Lo-
ren in Woman of the River. If this
gal doesn't get under your skin,
man you’d better stick to westerns!

RIT',

A run-of-the-mill western titled
Run of the Arrow. with an all-star
cast including Rod Steiger and Sa—
rita Moniel. Also showing is Death
of a Scoundrel with George San-
ders, Yvonne De Carlo, Zsa Zsa
Gabor, Victor Jory and Coleen Gray.
The story 01' “A ruthless genius who
made slaves of women!" lT take my
hat off to himwbut l doi i think it
can be doneli

DELAWARE

The Happy Road with Gene Kelly.
A light, happy comedy ﬁlmed in
France. The ads say "How far did
he get and where did he go with
the cute iiiadamoiselle?” tWell now!
Maybe this picture isnt' a light hap—
py comedy after all.)

DRAI’ER LITTLE THEATER

International Film Gi'ot’p will
show The Iliin and the Mighty
Saturday in Draper 343. Because
record crowds had to be refused
admission last week, this hit will
run for two shownus »-7 and 9 pin.

 

440»: 74a grille/it'd
Maddox
l'pperehissmen:

Last I"i‘l(l;il', lil l-Studcnt Associa—
tion Coiiyoeiiiion, President Collins
addressed the student body and
welcomed the ii‘i“:lllllt’ll. The phrase
"student body" is somewhat mis-
leading, for in addition to the
freshmen, llll'l'i’ were only i125 other
students. you, liprereliissnien were
conspicuous by you." absence.

Your toilet-tine iinittendiuiee is iii-
exuenhlu your inhvidinil menses
indefensible In short, Uppei'eluss—
inen. \ou luiiied the common cour—
tl‘s) lti Millie out lilitl hear the
President oi \tilll'i'l)lll'1.‘,l,'.

ltiehiirll IIIlli‘lt,
President SA

To the Students of Nt'T:

'i'lie oiiireis .iiid stnil of the lil-
teiiinlioiinl I‘llili iroup would like
to tiinnl. the three hundred people
who lilli inieu our first Weekend pre-
sentation We will i [so take this op—
portunity to iipoio; 17.0 to [lie hun-
dred oi inoie people who were tili‘llv
ed awn) bet nose oi the luck oi rooin

in the llil,iil'|‘ we will present each
liniui'e l‘i‘.lii' uui'n g the evening
one.- at '1 pin illli again about 0
pin

We hope lhiii n.2iiiy of you Will
also nileiui llll ii'ie 'l‘hui'sdiiy ch~
nnig .u-i'ii: oi l'liii‘.SIll, foreign lill(l
art lilies

Sincerely,
Iiev ltahn &
Steve Jacobson

Stun-Z COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 27. 1957

 

 

 

 

 

 

. ,. it .
“If the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch"—
Matthew XV 14

NEW GREEKS

Sigma Alpha Sorority is making its debut on the caniplls this full.
The need for another sorority has been in existence for quite some time.
However, getting one started is another story entirely. This year fourteen
Juniors and Sophomores, under the leadership of Marlene F‘erner '59,
will take the big step and it certainly is in the right direction. The hope
for its survival is promoted by its need. Our best wishes for a successful
year.

Al'I)IEN(‘E?

Last Friday President Collins welcomed the freshman class to
NYSCT. We would like to say he also welcomed back the student body
as a whole, but, as usual, upperclassmen were too busy to attend convo—
cations. Where were they? There were no classes at one o'clock. There
may be some who have never heard him speak, and to them we say, you
have missed a great experience.

Besides missing an excellent speech. the student body showed dis-
respect both to President Collins and to the College. Being an annual
occasion, this convocation was as important as Moving-Up Day or any
other traditional ceremony. Those who were present were not sorry they
came. It is almost ii duty to pay dues respect to a man who has given
as much of himself to a college as has President Collins. The least
you could do is show you appreciate his work.

IIERNANDO'S IIIDEAWAY

I'm going blind! That's been the cry of all the study bugs who
found their ways to the upper library. It‘s a joy to know that this situa—
tion of no lights is only temporary. Soonmhow soon we can‘t sayubut
soon there will be it new lighting system in Hawley‘s first floor, Any-
thing will be iin improvement over this week‘s "dark room,"

M & M

It was revealed this post Wednesday that no one really knows how
inurli money Student Association has. We should have about $4,000.00.
That‘s a drop from $25,000.00. We really spent money last year, and
we had no real check on where and when the money was spent. The
books aren‘t even audited yet. The Senate now had the full lend on
their shoulders ii good chance to prove themselves. The Sennie is
organile now and will be holding open committee hearings. Keep lil—
foriiied and know what your Sena‘ irs are doing. Most of the work will
be done by committees out of the Senate, so be sure to voice your
opinions early,

By tiie way
\‘.'lllii for State College ’l‘henti‘e‘.’
ii'niiiiioiis?
I'li'liltltl'lAliYil

'l‘he Beanie llzill, ii two—yenr-old il‘ii(iiiloii, will again be the first
liiHllliulll for the ireshiniiii class, This dance. it is believed, is the
first t'lliill(‘(‘ the fi'osli llilVL‘ to get united. It has been ii very iiiipoi'~
Lniii e\eiit for the piist two classes and fins ceiiuiiily contributed to [he
(l('\l‘lti]iliil'iil of their class spirit. 'ihe class of '6! had publicity up on
Monday morning something iii-w to State tii‘uiilllZ‘iiilliii and their
enthusiasm toward the school il:itli is ii woiiiiei'iiieiii to the "indescrib—
iilile" Foplioiiioi'es The work is f't‘llllii.‘ (Jone iilieaiil and \'\t‘ hope it eon»
iiiiuiw lo he done!

'NU'I'IIICR LINI‘LTI 'l‘lll'I I’ltl'lHlIH'IN'PH lilﬁt'lil"l'l().\'!!!

College Calendar

l"lllli.\i’, SI'II’T‘I'LNIISI‘LR :57

lot) pin Juiuoi ('lms Mt'l'llii", iilil

l‘l't' lillilill (,‘lnss Meeliii l'nw li.ill
l‘iesideui s lteeeplion, llilllitllilt‘l linil

will Drainaties liilil Art Culilli‘ll get the money they
Wllilt will the Heiizite do about

 

 

it (ill pin

h.\'l‘l‘ltliAi/, Sl'jl"l‘l'i.\‘lltlilt 28
ii 00 pin iii-aunt- lliill. Iii'iilineliei linll
Alpha I'l Alpiizi (Join lio.i.-i

hi 'NDAY, NICI'TI‘ZMISI'LR 759

ii (iii pin "Iioek ii ltoll l’ni'ly l’olii-i‘ Iio'ise

MONDAY, HICI"l'l'ji"i'llflClt 30

i 00 pin, HMilJ‘IH, ln'iiper ‘Jll

’1 lo pin Sorority Meetings.

’l'l'lu'b‘DAY, ()("l‘iilll'ilt l

lliii) pin Education lu‘veiinig, lsrubiiehei IIilll

WICDN CSDAY. OCTOBER 2

7.00 1).lil. Sorority ()pcii lloii,~.e for I"I'i:b'llillilll Wonieii
'I‘Ill’ltSDAY. OCTOBER 3

If (it) pin. lizind, ()ieliestrii Meeting, lticliui‘dsoii 155m

7 00 pin, Soi'oiily Open House liii' Fri-simian Woniin
’! lit) pin. "The Sheep lliis I“i\it‘ Legs," H.340

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 27. 1957

PAGE 3

 

 

P046“; 0m 71¢ Zara/may lGreeks Slai‘e

By ELIZABETH SPENCER

In the University Daily Kansan
we read about the linebucker in
the registration lines. The line-
bucker works like this:

“Ambling down a long string of
enrollees, he spots an ‘old friend.’
They greet each other warmly. then
strike up a rapid-fire conversation.
As the line moves. the bucker strolls
along. Then suddenly he is no long-
er beside the line. Where did he go?
Into the line of course. There he
is still talking rapidly and casting
furtive backward glances to see if
anyone spotted his infiltration
maneuver." Sound familiar?

The Massachusetts Collegian had
a recent story on the “Roister
Doister." With such an intriguing
title we had to read on. The Roister
Doisters are kind of a D and A, but
the name would never tell you.

Dean States

Mail Delay

David Hartley, Dean of Men, an-
nounces that a great deal of per-
sonal mail for students is being de-
layed or returned to the senders
because it has been addressed to the
students in care of the college. Stu-
dents should use the addresses of
the houses in which they are living
and in this way help avoid much
confusion and delay in receiving
mail.

Dramatics And Arts
Broadway Production

The Dramaties and Arts Council
of Albany State Teachers College
will sponsor the State College The-
ater production of "A View from the
Bridge" by Arthur Miller, announces
Frieda Cohen '58, President of the
Council.

"A View from the Bridge” will be
presented on the first and second
of November. Jarka M. Burian, As-
sistant Professor of Engish, will
direct the play. It will be under the
Technical Direction of James M.

A headline that caught the eye,
"Laird Named to Sewer Office."
and an ad which describes the “top
man":

On dates he‘s a master of lively
conversation, His talk is spiced with
behind-the-scenes tid-bits on cur-
rent affairs and personalities. He
has timely appeal." Sure thing.

Students Revive
Sigma Alpha

Because of the increasing number
of students at State each year and
the low quota allowed each year, a
few interested students got together
with the alumni of Sigma Alpha so-
rority and re-formed the sorority.

Elections were held with the re-
sult that Marlene Ferner '59 was
named president. Backing officers
include Jane Granger, Vice-Presi-
dent; lrene Pogonowski, Secretary:
and Charlene Miller, Treasurer, Jun-
iors. Other me mbers include
Vaughnda Shatrau, Shirley Eldred,
and Elenor Hughes, Seniors, Alicia
Moore, Ruth Trimble, and Betty
Duba, Juniors, Donnalce Anderson,
Sandra Zitko, Sophomores.

The sorority is working under a
handicap this year as they have no
house as yet. However, they hope to
have one by next year. Sigma Alpha
still plans to participate in sorority
functions this year. Sorority equip-
ment is now ordered and on the way.

Council Presents
November I, 2

Leonard, Assistant Professor of
English.
Arthur Miller's play concerns

Italian immigration. It is the story
of people who are trying to sneak
into America. The play is a mod—
ern tragedy.

"A View from the Bridge" takes
place in Brooklyn. The play enjoyed
a successful run on Broadway all
last season.

The production will be presented
by the Advanced Dramatics class.

Social Events,
Name Pledges

Ronald Graves '58. President, an-
nounces that the Edward Eldred
Potter Club is having a “Rock 'n
Roll Party" on Sunday from 3 to 6
pm.

Everyone on State College campus
is cordially invited to attend the
party which will be held at the
Potter House, 415 State Street.
Freshman men, however. are inelig-
ible to attend because of the Inter-
fraternity regulations.

Sorority Open House

Gamma Kappa Phi will hold an
open house for Statesmen on Fri-
day, October 4, announces Judy
Swan '58, President. The following
will be in charge of the various
committees: Valerie Burns, Re-
freshments; Joan Anderson, Recep-
tion; Audrey Hall, Name Tags; Sue
Palenik, Reception.

New Pledges

Patricia Corcoran ’58, President of
Chi Sigma Theta. states that Angela
Montibella, Jane Aim Haggerty, Jun-
iors, and Ellen Murphy '60 will be
pledged Monday evening.

Beta Zeta sorority has scheduled
a coffee hour for Alpha Pi Alpha
fraternity Monday night at 8:45
p.m., according to Sally Harter ’58,
President. The sorority has elected
Lynn Becraft '59, Alumnae Secre-
tary in a replacement election.

A'pha Pi Alpha will hold its first
informal get-together of the year
this Saturday evening announces
Robert Anderson '58, President.
A corn roast starting at 8 pm.
will be held for all brothers
and their guests at the fraternity
house on Madison Avenue under
the leadership of William Bird '59,
Social Chairman

 

8 A.M. to MIDNIGHT

 

MAYFLOWER

209 CENTRAL AVE.

IIAMBURGER .......................................................................................... ..
CIIEESEBURGER ............................................................................ ..
FRANKFURTER ...................................................................... ..

ROAST BEEF .................................................................. ..

CORNED BEEF ...................................................... ..

BAKED HAM ......................... ..

IIAMBURUER DELUXE, COLE SLAW, & FRENCH FRIES .......... ..
CHEESEBURGER ROYAL, COLE SLAW & FRENCII FRIES
OPEN SIRLOIN STEAK, COLE SLAW & FRENCII FRIES
GRILLED CUBE STEAK, FRENCH FRIES .............. ..

FRENCH FRIES OR POTATO SALAD .............. ..

HAMBURGER STEAK, Potato, Vegetable 
WIIIIVIPY—Z HAMBURUERS, CHEESE, LETTUCE & TOMATO 
VEAL (.‘U’I‘LET, TOMATO SAUCE, POTATO & VEGETABLE
LIVER & ONIONS, POTATO & VEGETABLE .................. ..
FRANKS & BEANS ....................................................... ..

SEA FOODS, .‘TEAKS & CIIOPS
TASTY TRIPLE DECKER CLUB SANDWICHES
PIES 81. CAKES, FOUNTAIN SPECIALS

Open Sundays At 4 U’tlock

For Your Dining Pleasure

3-9071

25c
35c
20c
55c
55c
55c

50c
60c
85c
65c
20c
85c

55c
85c
85c
65c

 

Senior Attends Convention;
Comments On Proceedings

33' RONALD ALEXANDER

“Toward New Horizons—In the
Association, In the Profession, In
Community Relationships" was the
topic discussed by some 330 dele-
gates from school districts and 12
students, one from each teachers’
college.

I arrived at-Oswego Sunday eve-
ning, August 25, and was intro-
duced to the other student guests.
We all adjourned into the dining
room where a delicious meal was
served. The keynote address, “New
Horizons in the Profession," was
given by Walter Cruson, Associate
Commissioner for Elementary, Sec—
ondary, and Adult Education.

Physics Teacher
Receives Prize

Charles L. Andrews, Chairman of
the Department of Physics, an-
nounces that Marvin J. Pryor, As-
sociate Professor of Physics, receiv-
ed second prize for an exhibition
of his Standing Wave Demonstra-
tor. Pryor's exhibit was shown at
the Iowa Colloquium in June, 1957.
Professors who teach Physics in
colleges and universities throughout
the whole United States participate
and display their various demonstra-
tions at this annual Colloquium.

Pryor was additionafly honored.
The trustees of the Dudley Observ-
atory announced that they appoint-
ed him Observatory Lecturer. Fur-
thermore, he is now giving an ex-
tension course in astronomy under
the joint auspices of both State
College and the Dudley Observatory
as well as the courses in Descrip-
tive Astronomy and the more ad—
vanced Astrophysics which he
teaches here at State.

It was at Marion College that
Pryor received his Degree of Bach-
elor of Science in Education and
the Bachelor of Arts Degree. He
later studied at Amherst College
where he received his Master of
Arts Degree. In 1945 he came to
State College where he now teaches
Physics.

 

am a; .4 4%!!!

“Is it weakness of intellect,
l’uki'l" I cried. Or rather a
tough worm in your little in-
side? With a shake of his poor
little head. he replied—Nothing.

Such is the plight of three
aspiring pcdagogues who have
given abode to what is believed
to be the only mute (‘itgellng in
existence.

The presence of vocal chords
in the blue-chested Hedging——
whose IQ, incidentally, exceeds
the combination of its trio of
keepers — seems somewhat in
doubt though its outer actions
clearly indicate that “These guys
are for the birds.”

Yes! Such are the extra-cur-
riculum pursuits of those whose
greedy intellectual interests
have forced them to return to
seek out additional sheepskins.

Tweet. Tweet, Tweet

(‘hirp, (‘liirp, (,‘hirp

lli l'nki. Ill l’uki

Tweet, 'l‘weetP—Oh—l l!

L. G. BALFOUR

Fraternity Jewelry

 

Badges, Steins, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, Programs
Club Pins, Keys
Medals, Trophies
nNivrzitsi'rr no. nuio.
171 Marshall St.
on 5-7337

Carl Sorcnson, Mgr.

 

 

It was after this speech that
the students through some brilliant
planning and arranging visited a
local “confectionary” and spent the
rest of the evening and part of the
morning.

Monday morning we got down to
the business of the conference. We
were split into discussion groups.
We took a quick look into the past
to show that the profesion has al-
ready made great gains. It ‘was
found that children of today have
an opportunity to enjoy a basic
education at public expense, with
state support based on an equaliza-
tion formula superior to any in the
nation. Also, standards of certifica-
tion for teaching outrank those set
by most states. Economic gains have
been such as to place N.Y.S. among
the leading states in terms of sai-
aries, retirement, and working con-
ditlons.

Five important questions put forth
for us to consider were:

1. How the profession can help to
eliminate present teacher shortage?

2. How certification requirements
for teachers and administrators
should be strengthened?

3. How a Professional Practices
Act, giving legal recognition to the
profession. can raise the professional
status of the teacher?

4. How a competent teacher could
be recognized?

5. How sound basic academic
training and teacher "know how"
can strengthen the instruction giv-
en boys and girls in the state?

After lunch more group discus—
sions were held and at approximate-
ly three o’clock the students were
given a boat ride around Lake On-
tario by a genuine Coast Guard
ship. There was a square dance that
evening and the students again man~
aged to visit the "confectionary"
and retire close to 4 am.

Tuesday the groups were rotated
and the discussion went towards
the area of community relations. It
was found that even though the
schools of N.Y.S. have gained in
prestige over the years, and public
support of education has increased
over the last decade, still school
budgets are challenged or cut to
the minimum; children meet daily
in church basements or makeshift
classrooms, and in some instances
attend schools in double or triple
sessions. Again certain questions
were raised and sound conclusions
were drawn.

In the evening there were a series
of skits in which both the teachers
and students participated.

As usual the students found a
place to spend the remainder of
the evening.

We left for home Wednesday
with a feeling that the association
reached iiieiiiiingful and workable
conclusions in its search for an-
swers to these and other problems.

Band Needs
New Players

Ciiiii'ies Stokes, Professor of Mn-
~ie, announces that lill students who
lire interested we welcome to join
the State College band iiliil the or-
chestra. The orchestra will meet on
’l‘iiursdiiy at 3 pm lilitl the timid
on ’l‘liursdiiy iii the some time. Both
meetings will be field in i’ticliiird-
son 390.

Homecoming Band

The band is needed immediately
lll order to participate in Home—
eoinlilg Weekend on October 12. Ill-
sti'unients ltl't‘ available for those
who desire them. For further infor~
nation e o ii i ii e t S t o k e s in the
Music Olin-e in Richardson

 

Gerald Drug Co.

21'! Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.
Phone 6-3610

 

 

 

 

