 

«snmgm,» 1.... Ms... .... .

on mflmv-qv..>V-uvu. :mmmwaw

 

PAGE 2

30 Per Cent? ?

Impossible

This proposed constitution will be im-
possible to amend once that it is passed by
you. When you are casting your ballot to-
day remember . . .

'It will take an affirmative vote of 30
per cent of the entire student association
in order to amend any single portion of
this constitution. Think. Just stop and
think of the possible consequences of such
a' situation. A requirement such as this is
actually giving those individuals who did
not possess enough interest in the contest
to cast a ballot, an automatic no vote. Not
to vote is to vote no.

Yes, this constitution would abolish the
dreaded compulsory convocation, it would
create a senate, but so also could a con-
stitution which included a more practical
amendment clause. To be able to amend a
constitution does not forsee a chaotic con—
dition of constant change. It simply in-
sures us of the ability to amend if amend-
ment should become necessary.

Defeat this constitution on the basis of
this amendment clause. Demand that this
article IX be revised, and that this second
constitution be submitted to you for your
ratification. A constitution which may last
years is well worth another week.

Vote no!

Yes! Yes! Yes! Vote “yes” and ratify the
proposed Student Association Constitution
today. It is a sound document—in fact,
the only controversy which has arisen is in
the amendment clause. To those people
who hope to defeat the whole document
on this one clause, we ask “Is it worth it?”

The opposition to the clause has repeat-
ed, time and time again that expecting
thirty percent of SA to vote the ratiﬁcation
of an amendment “is too idealistic." What’s
wrong with being idealistic? These same
people-say that no stipulation Has to the
number of persons percentage—Wise needed
to pass an amendment is “realistic.” _ .

We agree 100% (not 30%) that this is
realistic—when you’re tightly bound by the
past of this college, and fail to give the fu-
ture half a chance! Who are you to say
that we won't get over ﬁve hundred people
to vote on an amendment in the future?
If the opposition owns a crystal ball, please
let us take a look . . . exams are coming up!

Who cares if only 900 people vote in the
college‘s biggest election today? How are
we to know that next year, or even in 100
years, 99’; of the school won‘t want to vote
for an amendment?

Let’s make amendments to this consti—
tution worthwhile, and not the “junk” we
have incorporated in our present document
today. This is an SA Constitution—1f we
can’t get 30% out to vote “yes” on an
amendment, it doesn't deserve to be in-
cluded in an SA Constitution.

To the opposition: vote “yes” — then
change if you want to! #JAS.

M.A.D.

 

F‘irst “Earl: Ub‘PA

VOL. XLll May 10. liln'l
ii p tn and Tuesday from It to it p it. til 'Jviiii'lli l‘.>.l
Schick 2-0870. llltt'ni-ot'k 2-7630, Katopn 2-bit?”

'l‘ni: undergraduate tieWspaper ol llii: NI'VI YiilK hluli
publisher) i'.t-t'y Friday of the (,‘ollcgr 5i'dl
Association
MAR”; Uli'l‘TMiu‘R
JOSEPH SIAIIEK -

MARCIA LAWRENCE

ANN HITCIICOCK -

JOYCE MEYI‘LRMANN

MARLENE ACKEBMAN

MARY FITZPA’I‘RICK

NANCY RICHARDS

FRANK VETﬂﬁKY

ARTHUR l’LU’l‘NlK

ROBERT KAMI’I“

KEITH YANDUII - ~ -

MARY ANN SCIII.t)TTiIAlTiiiaii

WILLIAM FRANKONIS -
JOSEPH SIt‘lEliZt)Wl-3Kl
WILLARD (ill.l.li’i"l'l€

All LOHIHiIiiilL'dLOIH should lM‘

(

for opinions expressed lit its t,o.uittns or tourinilnraiioita, .i

rlewssarlly reﬂect its ViCWb
may”!

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

Member» of 'ill' NEWS .-l.iii inti'. lu- runner Moon. l. l '. . it 1 lion. ‘.‘ i
1| 1‘ .t: ‘

..t,r~ itu 'l'ci» c:
ll. ‘.t~ .‘t'thri ii-l.tl in: l‘i iii'iiili.'

Ituslili-su .‘\tl\l'l lining I'.lillill

iiii‘ill:-..l‘il to the ciltior til-i n.u.t be signed Nani.»

will be withlitld on request 'i’hc .‘i’l'A'i‘E COLLEGE NEWS ill-‘yllllil-i no ti: pm». hi.
on it L‘Klnt'bhli/il‘. i.o 1.4;:

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 10. 1957

 

 

“--

Year In Review . . .

The semester . . . spring, 1957. . . . You
should have been there. . . . We will chalk
up one mark for the 1956 Pedagogue as it
reached our hands last February. . . . How
about it, will the Pet] make it this year? . . .
Replacement elections. . . . The ball began
to roll for revision in student government
and it gained impetus as a tri-class meet-
ing was held to discuss the possibilities of
political parties. . . . Outcome was the re-
moval of all restrictions on campaign pro-
cedures by Election Commission. . . . After
a long, long trail the sororities and fra-
ternities ﬁnally pledged their new members.
. . . They numbered 249. . . . The drum was
beating as Albany Staters invaded the Ar-
mory for the big game against Siena. . . .
Regardless of the support, the gigantic
floor proved too much and the Feds fell to
the mercy of the Siena team. . . . Tough
break. . . . Never say die though, for our
team turned in an excellent season with a
17-5 record. . . .

State Fair rolled around and the halls
were mobbed with a ﬁne spirited crowd. . . .
They dug deep into their pockets and con-
tributed $1,119.66 to the cause. . . . Remem-

ber the terrifﬁc Potter show. Come
back next year. . . A new magazine hit
the literary scene . . . Penguin. . . . Heav-

ens, look at this. The fall semester
Dean’s List shows an increase in numbers.
. . . How did that happen?

First . . . Parents’ Day. . . . Nice, warm
balmy day. . . . Swarms of parents. . . . Suc—
tcs. . . . Ah, the State College Revue
ﬁnished the day in a ﬁne fashion. . . . An-
other ﬁrst . . Broadway hit . . “Plain
and Fancy." . . .

Nominations open for school and class
officers for next year. . . . Declinations over-
whelmed Student Association. . . . No vice-
prcsident candidates. . . . Second attempts
permitted . . . two candidates.

Annual Dawn Dance snags too few ta-
kers. . . . Marcia Levine captures the best
dressed award of the co-eds of State Col-
lege. . . . Marcia Lawrence, Editor of the
State College News for the fall semester.
receives a ﬁrst place rating from Columbia
Scholastic Press. 1958 Pedagogue .
Juniors have pictures taken . . . efﬁciency

. rings, rings, and banquets. . . .

Moving—Up Day . . . 13 seats are filled and
13 votes decide the presidential race.
Today proposed constitution goes to
Student Association for ratiﬁcation
Votc , . . Vote.

7’uldute 7a Glycfe

It is the custom t'ut‘ll nut to pity il tribute to the
outgoing HA l'rcsidt-iit. For us this year it Is more
than an empty ritual: it is a welcome opportunity.

To be it leader at any time is a difficult task. ’i'o
lead at a ilmc whcn sweeping changes are cddyiiig
about, and conllittlng opinions are coming at you
from all sides, is an almost super-
human task. ('ulmly and thought-
fully (‘lydc has led us in such ll
iiinc, ucvcr claiming iiifallibility but.
hardcr and more important, offer-
ing willingness to rectify mistakes.
loyalty to his duties, and patience

BY Till: CL A35 of “1‘8 with his cit-workers. "is record of

service to the college stands ably

5”...“ pm“. mg)! on its incrits and will not soon be

N” H forgotten.

Such a person toultl not. .Itlll docs
itot. luck our rc pt-ct, list \\(' do not
rcspcct (‘Iydc for [his alone. To
know a pcrson slitt‘i'l'i'l)‘ fine in all
he does is a privilcgc. and this
priiili-gc is ours in knowing (‘Iyde.

And it is in knowing ('Iyde that
our best tributi- finds its causc. 'l'his
(lititlislmu lgdllm is the tribute of friendship. bascd

1:19;?“th  on many memories: memories ol

Astoria“: lititim I‘yile swaying to the beat of" his

hummu- l‘Jlili” drums with his eyes almost shut at

r'ieulurc l.(i‘l l ‘
gnu,“ “mi; many it college dance. (lytlc as

llil l.l ltil o iii

in lilllot :n (hit-I
to luillloi lit f'liici
licciltiw liiiioi

- t'umultint I'ullllt' Ili‘itlllilns Lilitul emccc v feature - attraction~clown at
(unsuitani Business .-\ilvrritsing ".lultll ;. ‘05 i l . . ‘ ' , . ' . ‘

‘ ‘Nmrmu “Mm mm” [Mil . ( lydt. grinning and pitiliing
('onsuliani spoils laditor

the softball in to where he thought
the plate was. (‘lydc “adjoining”
assemblies . . . who ol' us cannot
fill in his own memories of (‘lydc'f

’l‘o (Iyde Irving Payne two trib—
~--—— utcs: one for loyalty, service. and
leadership, written here; one for a
friend in the hearts of his friends.

Mull l'lllilﬂyiilllilt'i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“I feel sort of light-headed today."

 

GGMMM- 

Hy it'l'll.I)MAN and (‘ARBONE

   

“With every word. a reputation dies.“

BOY. WE DIDN‘T [)0 SO BADLY AFTER ALL

As for our predictions. we think we did pretty well. considering ‘.'.i
picked eleven out of the thirteen people for Myskania. Maybe our sun
choices were wrong. biit we think they were better suited than some i:
Myskania's choices.

YOU ASKED FOR IT

Here‘s a last bit of advice. Vote “yes” for the new constitution. It.
the best thing we've seen here in a long time. The committee has Sill‘lil
over forty hours of hard work and has come up with something lll
telllgent. broad. general. and on an adult level. This is what we‘ve ht‘i'l.
askliig for.

EVERYBODY GETS INTO THE ACT

Sororities and fraternities aren't the only Greeks around here. An
other group of the “toga crowd" is presenting “Antigone” on May l'i
and 18. So hitch up your chariot and get going. If you've got milSlt'itl
tendencies. you'll go to the Spring Concert tonight. The program sound:-
terriﬁc.

BOOLMI. BOOLAH

Much applause goes to Ann Kinsler for her excellent organization
of a very smooth and well planned Moving—Up Day. It was a shtiuu
to waste Jan Champagne's beautiful ivy speech on an audience wlv
if they could hear, weren‘t interested anyway. We believe that the n)-
speech should not be an anti-climatic part of Moving—Up Day, but
should have a speciﬁed time of its own. or should be entirely dispense
with. By the way, the choices of class speakers this year couldn't htov
lzcen better.

YOURS T0 (‘HERISH

We‘ve complained about various things around the school. but
must admit that since September. we have seen many new innovatiol.
the opening of the new English and Music building, the painting of m
halls. Parents' Day, wrestling as a varsity sport, a Broadway show, h»
ginning construction on a new dorm, a new constitution. and it high
improved basketball team. Big things and little things . . . but they‘re it
important improvements. We know that the school will always coutn. :-
to improve itself. We. the commonstaters. leave as our class dot-s \ii’i
many fine memories of the past. the present, and of what we hope u .
be in the future. Good ltick. Student Association. you‘re not .uut-h
bud group. after all.

EXOIH'S
Our last will and testament:
To Student Council . . . a :-ocia] calendar.

To Myskaniu . . . a trial and an impeachment case.

To Minerva . a pair of skates for a quick getaway.

To Student Union Board . . . a chairman.

To Campus Commission . a tryout.

To State (‘ollcgc News . . . two commons!atcrs.

To the Commons . . ll full 517.0 orcl'iesira lo ili"'illllli.llli lllc piuu<

’l‘o Fluii' (‘ollcuc Rciiic . . . some fuciliiics

’l‘o thc pcrisiylcs . . . bars.

To the muilhoxcs ilowcrpois.

To the ircshmcn "llappy Hunting”

’lo lill‘ Fo] llt‘lllill‘i‘x "'l'hv Mod Happy i‘l'llil "

'l-i llli' Juniors "liclls .\rc Ringing "

E - Siniors "()rphcus Descending."

'15 ot r ‘»llli".‘\.‘i .rs strong slolnuclir. :i stntlc, stout», stonm'li
lloik oi _lil".l". s't'il:.: stomach, good qt‘oiztitons, strong hiiillllli‘lm
lll'll‘lllll‘ Illil.il. irony; ~ioto.tt'hs and ii soul Mini is lll't‘lliii'i‘ll lil lllli'
lliiil‘lt‘l' at any lllilllli‘lll

(ll I'IS'I‘IUN tll' 'l'llli WI'II'IK
llll Yillf iIAViv' lelfl FRIENDS?

‘ Co/lege Calendar

l-‘ltllifii’, MAY 10
It) til it ill (‘oinpulsory ('otnocuiion l’utzc ilnll
lit) pin Mllhl‘ (.‘ouiu-ll's Spring ('Illn'i'l'l. i’illi' linll

 

S.»\'i'l'lill.\1’, MAY 11

is :ill ii iii (tonitncrcc (‘lub Annual (fonlcrt-ncc, Bt'ubachct‘ Hall

H all lHu (.‘omlnt-rcc (‘luh Lunchcon, liruhaclit-r Main lltnuu» ltnoni
HI'NIDAY. MAY i2

l.’ C) pm. News iiit'll‘tl alttl Stat] Picnic, ’l‘hittchi-t' l’ui'k
’l‘l=l~15|)A1', MAY l4

8:07) pm Alpha Epsilon ltnitziii'ln (it'l'l‘llli’lllil‘h. University (‘iilll

WEDNESDAY. MAY is
o i' pill Pt (latntni Mil Initiation ()crcluonics, Unnt-rsity Chill

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 10. 1957

Music Council Concludes Activities,-

Alpha Pi Alpha, Sigma
Phi Sigma Slate Formals

Alpha Pi Alpha and Sigma Phi
Sigma will hold formal weekends
beginning tonight. APA announces
the election of officers.

George Murphy ‘57, Social Chair-
man of Alpha Pi Alpha fraternity,
announces plans for a formal week-
end. Tomorrow night a formal
dinner-dance will be held at the
Normanside Country Club in Del-
mar. Murphy is chairman of the
dinner-dance and is being assisted
by Michael Newman '59 in planning
the fraternity picnic to be held
Sunday afternoon iii. Thatcher Park.
APA Officers

Alpha Pi Alpha elected the fol-
lowing officers Monday night: Pres—
ident, Robert Anderson '58; House
Manager. Thomas Hoppey '57; Vice-
Presldent, Richard Shands: Pledge
Master, David Youst; Treasurer.
Juines Souhrade; Social Chairman,
William Bird; IFC Representative,
Henry Boehning; Recording Secre-
tary, Martin Goodrich; Alumni Sec-
retary, Sverre Samuelson: Sergeant—
ai-Arms, Conrad Schmidt; Parlia-
mentarian, John Yager, Sophomores.

Spcrts Chairman, Russell Hall;
Chaplain, William Schwager; His-
torian, Donald Bindriin. Juniors:
Corresponding Secretary. Richard

D & A Council
Presents Play

The Di'iiinatics and Arts Council
\‘ilil present the Greek tragedy,
Antigone," by Sophocles on May
17 and 18 at 8:30 pm. in Page Hall.
Admission is by student tax. Out—
sidc tickets are $1.03 and may he
purchased from Marilyn Leach '38.
This will be the filial production oi
the Draniatics and Arts Council
this year.

The play will be directed by
James L'onard. Assistant Profes—
sor of English. Paul Pettit, Asso-
ciate Professor of English, l> the
t.chnic-.tl director, and Jarko Bur-
i;in_ Assistant Professor of English.
is in charge of make-up and cos—
ilJlll‘S.

(‘ast

Members of the cast include:
Antigont‘, Anastasia Perdaris; chor-
ils, Emmett Ten Broeck, Juniors;
Cuntury, Frances Ireland ‘57; Cre-
on, Kenneth Smith; Ismcne, Nancy
Gavde: Teiresius, William Gardner,
Sophomores; Huimon, Robert Hel-
wig: “M‘rsvliucr. Jack Burton; Chor-
tigos, David Chaucer; chorus, John
Griffin: lecturer. Ralph Wessell-
llltillll; b. y. David Miller. i'rcslnnen‘.
guards. William Room and Patrick
Moylan. and Crcon's attendant,
Wi 11am (lurucr.

Objective Analysis I

This play needs no contcmporiyu;
iion to "Speak for our own time.
In the staging colicch of this play.
howcvcr, ilicrc is a planned :tdupt-
ulion ill the ancient Greek “presen—
tuliothtl" tilt-.itrc to inan an obit-c—
li\(‘ illlllly>ls of ihc plot. caster iol'
.l modern audience, The ".ccttu'cr“
is 1| .hiir.tctcr .ttldctl to the play by
Leonard who takes ovi-r some of
ill: spccchcs o1 (‘oritgos ills illlt:'-
lion is to lend some added measure
ol "csiralrtcmcni," llil llll'l'i'.l.s‘lllf.; oi
.osiliclic distance so lllill suspense
.tntl i motion lll lll.‘ .iuihcncc lll‘t.‘illllt'
sstn nil.tr\ in .lll ttllli't'llH‘ consulcrti-
lion of Iil' pl.ty

Pardee; Custodian, William Thlesen;
Song-leader, Lee Upcraft; Publicity
Director, Charles Fowler, freshmen.
Sorority Weekend

Freida Cohen ’58. President of
Sigma Phi Sigma sorority, an-
nounces that the sorority formal
weekend will be held today, tomor-
row, and Sunday.

Tonight there will be a concert
and a gathering for the members
at Hot Shoppes. Tomorrow night
the sorority formal will be held at
Herbert's from nine to one o‘clock.
The weekend will end with a picnic
at Thatcher Park Sunday.

Co—chairmen for the weekend are
Arline Birnbrium and Sherril Sil-
ver, Juniors. The chaperones include
Mrs. Seiden, housemother of Sigma
Phi Sigma; Brita Walker, Asses
ciate Professor of Art tit Millie. and
Mr. Walker; and Frank Carrino
Associate Professor of Modern Lati-
guuges, and Mrs. Carrino.

   

Photographed above is the newly-elected Myskania.
Suit-ck. John Stefano, Robert Kopecek, Ronald Alexander, Frelda Cohen. Richard llinck. Jack ’l‘iitc. Sally
llaiicr, Eileen Lalley, Marilyn Leach, Mary Bradley, and Lorraine Kosiowski, Juniors.

(-4.66 3

Schedules Annual Spring Concert

At 10 this evening, in Page Hall,
Music Council will present its an-
nual Spring Concert, announces
Marilyn de Santa, ’57, President of
Music Council.

Professors to Conduct

The orchestra and string ensem-
ble parts of the concert will be
conducted by Charles F. Stokes,
Professor of Music. The choral
groups are to be conducted by Karl
A. B. Peterson, Associate Professor
of Music. The aceompanists for the
evening are Barbara Sampler. Mar-
celhie Waggoner, and George Harris,
Sophomores.

Orchestra Selections First
Starting the program will be the
“Song of Jupiter" by Handel-

Anderson, next will be the “Tourna-
ment of Temperaments" by Ditters-
dorf. following this will be the

"Overture to La Vie Parisienne" by
Offenbach-Doratl. All the opening
numbers wil be presented by the
orchestra.

statesmen to Sing

Next the statesmen will sing the
“Creation Hymn" by Beethoven, “0
Jesus Grant Me Hope and Comfort"
by Franck. Laverty's “Psalm 117"
will then be sung.

String Ensemble to Play
The String Ensemble will then
play "Opus 7 in G" by Haydn.

Women's Chorus

Following this the Women's Chor-
us will present "With a Voice of
Singing" by Show, "Open Thy Blue
Eyes" by Massenet and “The Crea-
tion" by Richter.

(‘horalettes to Sing
After this the Choralettcs will
present “A Spirit Flower" by Camp-

      

. "a ,
Jun. .. AW

From left to right are: Patricia Gearing. Joseph

 

7/te 0W Mined

 

By ART l’LO’l‘NlK

Leah Lovciiht-im Short-Story
(‘ontest

if you can spoil your name, type
up a short story and bring it to
l‘ticiuu'dson 81! tDr. McIlv.'uiiici bc-
i'ore 4 pin, May 120. You can win
t\‘.'enty-live dollars. The annual
Leah Lovcnltcim literary contest has
arrived.

Rather than merely announce
this fact in The News. we have
decided to give the matter special
i-inph.isls bcciiusc of the needlesst
small interest of the school in
llicrary endeavors. Since more peo—
ple rcud this column than any other
lJtl'llllM‘ it is the bcsi, I have ap—
pointed inyscll to bring the matter
I l your attention.

The most llllilill'ltilll thing is that
the docs not have to be an ltlnglisli
major or .i young liciningivay in

National Social Science Honor Society,

Pi Gamma Mu, To

’l'hc New York l)t‘litl Cluiptcr of
Pt (ianlnhi .Vin. National Social
Stant- Honor Socicty, wrll hold
nnttaiion cci'cntolnt-s lor i\\'cniy—i\io
lii \\ ilu-inlli-rs Wednesday, iizliil pin
ill the University (‘lnb unnounccs
(‘luirlcs thlscy '57. Prcsulcnt l)in-
ntr will be served. Guest speaker
Will be Dr. Wait Stewart. Professor
of History. ,

New initiates
Those to be initiated are Dr.

Jf ES BARBER SHOP

57! N. Lake Ave..
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

Install Members

llitt'l‘y l’ili'c. l’i'olcssor oi illi-llll')
illltl i)r. Mullich Elbow. Assocliltc
i’l‘ilit‘Sh‘ill’ of History; Dcnnis l)clnp-
r.li'l‘, Doris Dunn, llei‘gcrt F‘clskc,
t‘lml'lcs l.uFontuinc and Katherine
Monsci-s, Seniors: Marie Dciliner.
:r‘thirlcy ltildrcd, Ira Goldstcin, Rich-
zitd I'llill'k, Robert Kopecek, Willis
Lurkin, Ruth Larson, Margaret Mc—
Neil, Frank Mcrli, Jeanne, Merritt,
Carol Wiggins, and Lenore Mosner,
Juniors.

Gerald Drug Co.

17 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

l'boiie 6-3610

order to write a. good short story.
The best stories are those that are
natural, real. and alive. Bob Backer.
a non-English major has proch
this assertion by creating some ex-
tremely entertaining items for The
News and The Penguin.

What can you write about? There
an no restrictions: the adventures
of some one you know, someplace
you've been, if complete fantasy. it
strange event you have witnessed,
it favorite family mice—there are
litci'ully thousands of possibilities.
and there are no restrictions on
length. A short Story can bc otte-
hundrcd pages long if it differs
sufficiently from u iiovelette. Or it
(an bc one page long.

For lhosc of you who l1u\'c not yci
written a short story. ihc experience
will he completely rewarding \ihcili-
i'l you \\lll or ilol In it ciirricttltun
oi ttbsot'btton, a crcuiiic cndctuor
i. illl unbelievably relaxing ottilci

it would be good to «.cc our college
.‘illth interest in ii t'i't‘itllii- competi-
tion. Pcrhitps teachers are really
not the walking tcxi~books they
ll.t\c been accused of being,

34a Gang!

Did anyone ever hear of ti
hanuted newspaper office? Well.
next year we're going to enter-
tain three spirits (ya know—
g‘hosts) just cuz we can‘t afford
erasch to remove their names
from N c w sb on r (l attendance
sheets.

Maybe Marcia Lawrence will
leave behind her smiles and
laughter to amuse and hpr ten-
time story writers and headline
cxpcrts. She'll remember News
Staff parties. banquets. and—
fun ol‘ being editor!

J oscp h Swierzowski (that's
Swizz, gang) has been around
l'or l'oiir years and that's a lot
of daze—ht- still wants to serve
more time . that is write
more sports columns. livery is-
sue siiicc way back when
bows . . cr . . a folds to his
crcaiive genius.

thn eager rich students
pour over the ads to decide how
to spend money, Mary Ann
Scliloithaubcr, llesit-l , will jump
up at them. This is no gimmick
to get you guys gung ho over
ads, biit rather a tribute to it
gal who is!

So. haunt away, Seniors, and
we'll even supply the chains . . .
on which you've truly earned a

link.

 

75 State Street

 

5-l47i

ART KAPNEB

“l'UUR S'l'il‘lt' /.\’SUR.~1.\'('IC l’ll.-l.\"’

ALL TYPES Of INSURANCE

Albany. N. Y.

 

bell-Tipton, “Listhe Young Maid-
ens" by De Game, “A Blossom Falls”
by Ravel. and Dlak’s “Sing a. Song
of Sixpence". .

Woodwind Ensemble Presentations

“Musette” by Katherine Davis
and “Rondo” by von Weber will
then be presented by the Wood-
wind Ensemble.

The next songs to be presented
will be “My Soul's Gonna Rise
Again” by Touchette. “This Thain"
by O'Hara, and “Economics” by
Weill. They will be sung by the
Statesman.

Final Selections

The ﬁnal presentations will be
sung by the Collegiate Singers.
These selections will be “The Keys"
by Rubinstein, “Song of the Vaga-
bonds" by Friinl, “Shenandoah” and
a “Sea Shanty" arranged by Sieg-
ineister and “Hop Up, My Ladies”
and “The American Play Party
Song" arranged by Gilbert.

Last Music Council Event

Everyone is invited to attend this.
MllSlC Council's concluding event of
the year.

Senior Week
S’raris June I3

. The Senior Banquet and the Sen-
ior Ball are among the events
planned for Senior Week. reports
James Lockhart ‘57. Vice-President
of the Senior Class.

Banquet

The Hideway of Celebrities located
on Central Avenue will be the scene
of the Senior Banquet Thursday
evening, June 13. President Collins
has been engaged to speak at the
banquet. Miss Catherine Newbold.
Assistant Pl‘OieSSOI' of History, and
Josiah T. Phinney. Professor of
Economics. will be guests at the
event. Joseph Anderson ‘57 will be
Master of Ceremonies. The com-
mittee for the banquet consists of:
L o c k h a r t, General Chairman;
Sheila Lister, Arrangements; Mari—
lyn Dc Santa, Programs and Tick-
ets: Morton Hess, Speaker and
Tickets; Betty King. Entertainment.
Bil“

The Senior Ball will be held
Friday, June 14 at the Shaker Ridge
Country Club. Bids for the evening
arc $4 per couple. Johnny Mlcal
and his orchestra will provide the
music for dancing. William A.
Dumbletoti. Assistant Professor of
English, and Frank G. Currino.
Assistant Professor of Modern
Languages. will be guests of the
Seniors.

iorch Night and Commencement

Saturday, June 16 marks State's
traditional "Torch Night". Mary
Stevens is Chairman. Her Coin-
inlttecmcn arc: Elizabeth Stitpleton
i\tillt')' Schneider, Patricia Burke
Barbara Duinoni, anti Miss King:
Scniors. Senior Week will culmin-
.ttc Sunday. June 16 with coin-
nicnt-cmcni oil Dortn Field. If it
rains. comment-cinchi will take
place iii the Palace I‘hcatrc.

 

l.‘lt.\ill\'L)lNG YOU
that the
(fl N’l‘liAi. NEW YORK STATE
OFFICE oi the

I.. it. iialloiir company

Fraternity Jewelers
is located in
The University Post Ofﬁce
SRYACUSE, NEW YORK
2nd Floor - 171 Marshall St.
Syracuse 75-7837

Headquarters for
Fraternity Pins - Riots - Gifts
favors - Plaques — Cups - Medals

stationery - Programs

Carl Serum-.11, Manager
Syracuse '39
Write or call or visit us and see
for information complete display
and catalogue Open daily 10 to 5

 

 

 

 

