PAGE 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER II. 1957

 

» « ""-1u-luv.dﬁnm~7 -,y'-lwu-....nw.-w.«..~u.. .. ".1- ~.. .»

 

“Hr!   u H "'
n H . . . I Kafu'td KW l
Homecoming, 1957 style . . . grads return to State . . . BY M" “Mum”
frientdhships whicpﬁhavei been slightly lost over the summer PALACE
mon s are rea rme . . . arties, lots of talk, soccer . _
game, a queen, and a dancep State College Home- gag“? wish 111088“ 5021111231?
coming . . . not on the grand scale you’ll find at many a’ L” on’ 5‘5 y d" 'V 103;
colleges, but sure to be a hit for those who take part. Y°Iungt A] "fore ti”: tonal: p n
The Seniors, slightly bewildered by the profession they my 51"” m " ° ":1 f) med
will shortly enter, will hold serious discussions with the Knows M" A W1" 'ft flee mine“,
returning grads about teaching . . . how’s the salary? What a, wfmla? 10nd“ m ﬁfe ms 1:, 
about: Sociag Security? Can you be married and be a good “01) ca 5 an ’ Men me men an

ac er at he same time . . . sill uestion. . . .. ~ ,

The Juniors . . . the backboneyocl State College social mm?!" a,“ all.“ EtaPllltyI.rfjn51oﬁ
life. They’ll be plugging their “bigger and better than $10111“ “11" me} $11” :1
ever” Junior Prom in November. Of course, they’re also t: mu 0 ma :3 IS a p: we will 1
the backbone of future student government. They’ll ask he ,me, an: kexpenlsle e'V. :0.
questions. The grads will tell how it was all done when s omflg S.Pc.up A {By W 1 1C 91
WE were here! Matuie, Trevoruﬂowaid and Mamie

The Sophomores, currently raising a rumpus over “130$” 11331:)“: :1 
Rivalry will gripe about education courses, and will cer- h] 011%,] I E SW, “4:32;,” 0 s
tainly boast their recent victories over the humble frosh 1011'. “p 85' ,omon' Fm '1 ' as
on Beverwyck' ie tracks [down the beautifu'lncdme-

The grads return. Their ﬁrst chance to meet the finger. (fainting  ‘And
babies, the Class of '61. The old warriors will assume the m m' can we can“ It”,
role of parents and try to tell the frosh all about State “RAND
College. Listen to what they have to say, frosh, it may ‘
be helpful.

_ .To the grads . . the babies need a spanking. The g‘;’,‘,‘~;,,‘,’}’,""§g}’;‘,lgi; 
spirit of the freshman class of 1961 is perhaps the lowest non Mitchell, ‘Well folks: I mlésea
of any entering class we have seen in four years. Talk to seeing this one. and as is common
them . . . maybe you can do better than we. “POWIC‘I” among. my “limit?

Undergrads and grads . they’re all here for one {1113233,}  
short weekend. Sure, we‘ll greet them on behalf of the to take your chilnces on this one.
students of this college _ _ _ The second feature is The Restless

_ _ . have a helluva Homecoming! Breed with Scott Brady and Aim

Bancroft. “She was the prize of the
0
Price Tag . . .

fastest gllii on the frontier.“ il'm
lucky—I didn‘t see this one either»

Only Juniors attending the Junior Prom can vote for
the Queen. This was the recommendation passed by the Tammy and the Bachelor with
Junior Class last Friday. The meeting was so chaotic half Debbie Reynolds, Leslie Nielson and
of the few interested Juniors that did attend did not know Walter Brenncn. A warm-hearted
what the ﬁnal recommendation to Student. Senate was. i'omcdy guarantee: to please even
What we would like to know, is why the Juniors and lb“ mm llldlSCI‘imllmte movie-e0—

. ‘ , , (rs. Also showing is Rock l’rctty
the Juniors alone, whether they attend the piom 01 not, Bab). mm SR, my Hem, Mme”

should not have the right and privilege to choose the girl and “mm, pamm, am. this Nouns
they want to represent them as has been the policy in the and learn what makes l-ock—‘lLl-oll
past. We feel the Junior Prom Queen is like an elected “‘9 “9‘” "W519 I‘ is FOdfTV- Ml 0“?
ofﬁce of the Class and should be decided on by the entire “’mmm ““ m” "mm 15' Y0”!
class (not a small minority). Why should your vote be
taken away, if for some reason you are not able to attend
the prom. Do you have to pay the price of a bid in order
to vote these days??? Millet),.JlllnCS Whitmore and J. Car-
If you want to protect your privilege to vote, show 221d_1:?,'S?ée:§:efmf%eﬁ(at}??? 2%"
your interest and express your views. Wake up Juniors—- to be bugged-Lin.th siiig’lhe Ivaval‘lg
Go to the Class Meeting—Go to your senator'S—Make sure dorsmv'ith 01' without beneﬁt of an
your opinions are expressed in Student Senate next week, E9IL‘".,CI\‘,“mbe"" The sec?“ “"95"
when they discuss the election procedure. If you have  T" B" “1"”; “'1‘”
more important things to do, remember you have only ’ ‘
yourselves to blame. M.J.A.

tropical island doesn‘t exactly help

No Down Payment starring Jo-

RITZ

LILANI)
The Young Don't (‘ry with Sal

IlI'ILAVVARF.

Strad'l with Anthony Qunnl

Do La
lg . O . ('lICI Dick liasehart. An Italian im-
port winch has woii many interna-

gunda ’S _IZZ on 1' '11 , J. , tional awards. A painfully tire to
* y la C CO t“ lbe fumllml: doume pmposes' life plCtlll‘f‘ which is highly I'€1'(llll-

It will terminate a ﬁne Homecoming Weekend and it will mended,
serve as the kickoff point for the annual Campus Chest
Drive.

This fund raising drive will be seeking contributions
from all of us. All we ask is for you to be generous; as
generous as your heart and pocketbook can afford. For
us to give it may mean the sacriﬁce 01' a package oi' ciga-
rettes or a Saturday night cup of tea; but to a student of
our own nation or perhaps of" a foreign country it means As no lannw HUB ln'g ins" (l a
the OPPortunity to study- Surely, we, professional cdu- I'llllll: wrung ilw lllll'llLllllll't‘ of
cators, will not refuse this opportunity to anyone as long “litmus at all (lam-cs lon in on-
as we possess the power to help So dig down and give. Bl‘lllw'hcl‘ (llama rooms. it is nil-
parrot that thc number lltllildnlg
cant-c. has greatly liici‘cllscil so
Stiltc stullcilts fch
that too lll'lll\ illuuvitcd outsidcrs
atlcnd thcw lulu-Loni Consc-
rn ll y lo cnsc lIl' situltlozl HUB

 

cumuan

'i Ill‘ I'lllillrs:

 

 

Illlll'Il so that

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
LLIABLISHED MAY l9l6

BY IHE CLASS ()I‘ I'nlB

 

ills lull-(l IIliiI only Hint" (Jill i‘g'
ml“ D, I 7“ (EPA 50mm, plum. A”: studcnts and Illllll‘lI gucns sllllll
VOL XL” October ll, 1057 No. 17 iilll'll.l dun cs i‘cld .ll ili‘ilbn'iu r

Members of tilt: NEWS stall may bl: warlord Mun'ui and len willy lmm 'l to dinin- rooms

II p.ln and 'I'ucsduy from If to ti p ill at 273325. la'xl ll l‘ilont-s lJc'llllcr 0 0400
Search 2-0070. Hitchcock 277630. K.llrpll 2~0li70 .“ y ‘1 ,l .,
’I‘hu undergraduate newspaper of II”: Ncw Yolk Siait- College for 'l‘cltcliu.s, H ( I ‘ “I.” “I 10' "4” ‘15 “9"”

published livery I-‘riday of the (Joill-gl- your by Illl‘ {Haws Hoard fol the Student
Association
nan": nlxr'rnrm ~ - - — - - t'u-lillitor—IlI-Clill-i ‘Il‘ll ll) :‘uri‘y out till,- (l(:(;1,s,(m_
JOSEPH HZAKEK - - - - v — - e -» ()u—l'Ztlltor-In-Clllei Haul) ( Ii 3; - - r, 4
ANN HI'PCHCOOK - - - ~ - - - - Business Advertlltnx Editor , .nh “ll/um“ H)(u,lbm‘n’ I‘
.A:§npf1_‘talﬁ‘llzr£u . . . . . . . . . Munch.“ up,“ {.iilli‘l.‘ is required to ln‘oVide for the
IA " ’ 1' - - - - - - - > - A ~I ~
"rum" MOTNM _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ wrist:  chm-king of said cards for the entire
BOBEB’I' RAMP? - - ' ~ - - - - - - Sports Editor )crlml ( 5 d: - -.  _
GRACE ENGELH - - v - — - t)lrl-ulatlun—Exchange Editor I . If th‘ ante. Any “Hanuud
tion lillllll‘; to do so Will be denied

PHOTOGRAPHY - - - - - s - State College I'lloto Service I . . r g
All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Ni“le Lu’ Inn/“Lg” “I mm”; H" “ICIIILIW
will be withheld on ruquut. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility of the Union at a future date.
(or opinions exprmud in its columm or conununicaiionu, all such expressions do not
necessarily reflect its VlCWb

:'lllll'Illl‘, tllc dullcc has Ili't'll llllll-

 

Student Union Board,
William DeGroat.
( balrman.

 

 

Hm“! I

 

 

 

 

 

Gourman- Slate/z

3y RUSSELL and FO'I‘IIERINGIIAIV I

   

“Genius does what it must, and talent does what it call.“—
Bulwer-Lytton
NATCII ‘
Deﬁnitely Showcrnian for Junior Class Treasurer. Junior St'liitl : '
will probably be Esner. No one is tip for Myskaniaﬂall dcclincd. It
too bad there can‘t be thirteen filled seats, bllt twelve did a prcttl got
job last Tuesday. ‘

(lIESESSED?

Did somebody mention the word interest? Many people harl- not
many things to create it-A- but all have failed. Proof seems to I)l‘ o
easdy acquired thing here at State. Number one proof land i’akc 
so it's been said) came Tuesday night when Mrskania camc tln'ol. !
again! The plaintiff had a rousing crowd of ﬁve behind him at Ila
“concealed hearing." We’d like to know what happened to all thou
printsll signris whose interest in student government is so ovcr.‘.‘lutn,
mgr?) If thcrc are so many people interested in getting the floor, all
\i't‘l‘ul'l they there to get it Tuesday? As far as we can see. ll lot o:
worryingr It being done over people who just don‘t give a hoot. \yll.
not let Senate go on their merry 01' way and give them a chancc ll .
let, up a lllatitrc government? That's what eyervonc has bccn ('l‘\‘lll“ I“! i
isn't it? h 1 I h "-

As for l'rcstiac- maybe its' a boomerang, maybe?

BOO—BOO!

‘AIlOII‘zel‘ goof! Social Calendar is a little late, but we're IlllilII'.
having Activities Week, even though the Religious Clubs have all-clot.
fllnshtd with their festivities. Let's go fresh, learn about your main"
course of stllcly—~“cxti‘a(-urriculars." Choose well and sign up!! I

OFF WE GO '
Dd you hear it? It only lasted for a few seconds, If you want l-t ’
.(C it. sign up early for your trip to the moon— but where is N. KI'USL‘III‘\
DEBATE?
I» Coded foreign languages on IBM cards is the Sophomore approac‘l
ll .‘(ttiuekQ Mi, lot»: is really ingenious, to be admired, :ut it‘s not \t‘l'
st] or lng‘. tullOWlll'.’ (lllt'n‘. opponents is ’l )00" " ' '
. . » - i . “l to ' r ) rlc
dcﬁmenmes! . 1 ly make up Ill ll

Y‘.-\l.l. (‘0le

H ll‘I'hlc wclcomr mats will be on the doorsteps starting Friday. 11'}
lei J ‘J( glad to see all the old familiar faces. With every one of till '3;
Click» and sonic of the dorms having floats in the parade to Blccckcr I
ll ii to a big ‘Iitllltlilp (fol-‘tlle garlic against Adelphi in soccer, of colu'st'l

hit to lilciitioll the bonfire and pep rally on Friday night. Even IIlllllHIr 
Eli‘l‘l litigiedFJsIlenus a Il‘lt‘Id House. the dance will be held ill a suitabh i
ll. ~— 1‘ mule .4,".,lOIl House. H'lve 't b'tll ki '~»-' I l ' “ V
lions and wc'i‘c suic you will! ‘ l ‘ ’ db mum “H mm

'8 GREAT
I  the Commons has been a big treat for us during tllc l;l:.l 
pom/1H5? Q\ic hopc itl ll be la tradition carried on from war to \’l‘lll' . “I
is ' l‘ ...Li‘i's wcl anymdy want I( be ( " "1  ‘ ‘ ‘
mp money! i t m the Yanks. Wt ll IlllIll .
'2 or 'rlir: WICICK l

Docs thc "1" ill lSC i'l ally mcaii “inlcr'!”

 

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. OCTOBER ll
8:30 pm. Pcp Rally, licycl'wyck l“lt,‘l(I.

"(trad Brawl," Dale’s Central Avenue.
SA'll'RllAY, (it"lOlll‘lR if!

 

llit10 :l nl (iorllclstcllc Cll' molly. Wcstcrn Avcnuc Dormitory
 pin. I‘ill'iitIl' lion: llrubacllcr Hull to Blcl-ckcr Stadium
.l.. l l).lll. (,ti.lt‘t‘ Hours and Hullcl. I)Illlll‘l's tor Alumni at lit-til Zola,

(.‘III IL-II-EI1ll 'IIlf‘Iil (SIIIIIII' ‘
.il 7 Ill K'I I lit I’III, )‘I 'I ‘ 4' 4 “ I'l'lnvl
liII(I I‘llPINl I’lllil. ' I I * Li H“ I‘lulbd‘l l "

llllncc at Alnci'lclin Legion, Ncw Scotland Avcilltl'.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13
3.00 pm. Jazz. Conccrt, lli‘ubiichcr Ilall.
I-‘icrcc llilll Open House.
Illzta thll's Stillté‘lll'lil ()pcii Hol '
H . t , lbif.
Alpha Pi Alplui's Open House.
TUESDAY. ()("l'OBlill if)
71t0 lam, Activities chk Program as scheduled.

0.00 p in

5:00 pm.

WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 10
7:00 1: ill. At'tlvltios Week Program. '

’i'llliitSllnY. Otf'l‘lllililt ll
ActiVitlcs Week Program.
International Film (iroup Presentation, Draper 349.

7:00 pill.
723’) pm.

Greeks Slate
Open Houses,
Other Events

Pledging, initiation, replacement
elections, open houses, and coffee
hours highlight this week's sorority
and fraternity news.
li'cta Zeta

Beta Zeta held an initiation for
upperclassunen last Sunday, an-
nounces Sally Harter '58, President.
Those initiated were Miriam Sali-
del‘son ‘59, Maryrose Lupia, Carole
Ruszczyk, and Nancy Silvestri, Soph-
omores. Anne Fleming '60 was elect-
ed Marshal in a recent replacement
election. The sorority will nod 21
Homecoming Buffet for all alumnae
at the sorority house, tomorrow af—
ternoon aftcr the game.

(fill Sigma Theta

Patricia Corcorlln ‘58. President.
announces that on Monday evening
Elizabeth Cook and Joanne Bab-
cock. Sophomores, were pledged.
Chi Sigma Theta will have a COI—
fee Hour for all returning alumnae
after the game tomorrow.

Gamma Kappa Phi

Judy Swan ‘58, President, un—
llounces that Gamma Kappa Phi
will hold a tea for its alumni to-
mul'l‘OW.
l’si Gamma.

Psi Gamma lleid an initiation
last Sunday, announces Patricia
Kennedy '58, President. Those in-
itiated were Nancy Montcau ’58,
Sandra Bove '59, Barbara Ruten—
bei', Eleanor Beers, Jane Bushart,
Marv Guenther, Marjorie Hamelin,
Nellie Hemingway, Alma Halt, and
Ethyc Jean Mershon, Sophomorcs.
Sally Van Scoy '60 was pledged,
Sigma Pill Sigma

Frieda Cohen '58, President, all-
nounccs that on Monday evening
Catherine Newbold, Assistant Pro-
fcssor of Social Studies, was initi-
ated as all honorary facility mem-
bcr.

Alpha. I’i Alpha.

As part of Homecoming Weekend.
Alpha Pi Alpha wll hold llll open
house Sunday from 5 to 7 1J.lll., an—
nounccs Robert Anderson ‘59. Pres-
ident. Charles Bollenbilch '00, was
elected Chaplain.

Kappa Beta ‘

Kappa Beta is celebrating Home-
colliilig Weekend by holding a but-
l'ct dlnncr for their alumni tomor—
row evening, announces James Lor—
richio ’58, President.

Sigma. Lambda Sigma ‘

Ronald Pryor '58. President, on—
liounccs the following l'i‘l)lilCt‘llll.‘IlL
clcctions: Garrison Lewis, secre-
tnry, Robert Sischo, Athletic Direc-
tor, Juniors; David Fothcringham,
House Manager. and Robert Busllop,
’ ‘ 'casui‘cr, Seniors,

IIPlans for Homecoming chkcnd
inc udc ii Date Party tonight from
9 pm. to 12 midnight, a corporation
Mccting tomorrow morning at, l
ll.lll., and a Buffet Supper tomorrow
cvcning‘ at 5:30 pm for all return—
ing alumnae.

Group Shows
Hi’r Cartoons

Bth-rly RilIlll ‘50. Chairman, an-
iiouliccs that on Thursday the ln-
tl-rnlltionni Film Group will pre-
scnt iin cvcnlng oi U.P.A. cartoons:
Includcd lll tlicsc. arc:  Magoo,
"(‘lcra‘d McBoiiig Bolllg's Sym-
plloiiy" .llid "Willic thc Kid " 'I’Ill‘ht‘
presentations will be in color. illcy
Will bc shown Ill Ilrnpcr 349 at ’7 .ill
p.ni,
Faculty

Thc snnlc program will bc
scntcd on Wt-dllcsday lor the faculty
and tliclr lIlIItII'l’Il. 'l'llcrc vi’ill bc
ircc ndiiiissioll ior thc faculty and
IIlI‘Il' i'niiilllcs.

"Liit't' Me Or Leave Me”

’l‘hc llcxt l.l“,(i pi'ogriun lit
the wcckcild scrics will bc on Silt—
urdiiy, ()‘iobcl‘ ill The icatiirc will
bc "Lovc Mc ()r l.ciivc lVic,’ stur—
ring Doris Day. It will be shown in
the afternoon.

And Family Ellti‘l‘lilllll‘tl
pl'c-

Felicia's Beauty Salon
53-A No. Lake Ave.
(Near Washington Ave.)
"JIMMY"~Hair Stylist
Telephone (#9749

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER II. I057

World Series Fans Promote Interest Senate OK’s

In Television Broadcast f Games

By JACK ORMSBEE

A new milestone in Student-
Faculty relations was evidenced last
week by the installation of a closed
circuit broadcast of the World Se-
ries right in our own Commons.
This innovation shou‘.d counteract

much of the negative comments
that circulate about television
classes.

Two TV sets were elliployed.

mainly, I suppose to enable each
oi‘ the two factions engaged in the
ccntest to appeal more directly to
their particular constituents. The
fans arranged themselves near the
TV set of their choice, and signified
their pain or pleasure at each play
of the game by a cooperative groan
or cheer.

Gruans And Cheers

Each time a very near-sighted
man dressed in a black suit raised
his halid, a groan would issue from
one group of enthusiasts, and a
cheer from the other side. Thinking
this to be a new discovery in the
mechanics of group behavior. I threw
up my hand in exactly the same
way the little biack—clad man had
done, merely to test the response.
No one groaned, and no one cheer-
cd, but someone did say, ill a per-
emptory manner, "Get that :1'.’$'u
haiid down." '
llypodermic Needle?

There are. I think, two areas in
which these World Series broadcasts
leave something to be desired. In
the first place, I feel that the pro-
gram inhibits instructors who, fear-
ing' that students will cut their
classes to watch the Series, are
forced to present only interesting
material. Secondly, there are no
provisions for the sponsors of the
Series program to seriously chal-
llngs the intelch or the industry
of the viewors; an area In which our
own ii'Iel'lSltill stars are rapidly be-
coming adept. If these problems
could be solved, thcil television sets
sliouid be installed in every lounge
area on our calllpus.

D & A Plans
Production Of
Modern Play

Robert Fox '59, Publicity Director.
announces that this year ior its
first production State College The-
ntl'c and Dramatics and Arts Coun—
cii has sclcctcd "View From the
Bridge“ by Arthur Miller, a play
that ranks high iii the draiiiiis of
today. It is n illodern play, by it
modern author. and resembles many
of the plays being writtcn and pro-
duced today. It was wcll received
by the New York critics when it
opciicd in that city. John Chapman,
ill the New York Daily News, calls
the play “splcndid, stunning the-
lltrc" and says. "It is a trilgcdy Ill
lIll‘ classic form, and it is ii
modern classic,"

'l‘llc scttiilg is lIlL‘ arca surround—
lllg tlic watcrlront lll New York
City. The clinriictcrs arc siniplc pco—
plt-. being ruled by the simpli- pus—
slons that have caused men to wrch
plays since Sophoclc's day.

Basically Eddie is thc llliilll char—
llctcr; a iilllli who lovus his niccc
\cry llllli'Il and cannot llcccpt tlic
fact that hc may lose her to
liodolpho, who has cntcrcd thc
country ll cgally. l-lis' suspicions and
cicntual hiltrcd ior Rodolpllo finally
destroys Eddic

'i'lln play. dircctcd by Juli-2o liti-
l'iilll, Assistant Proicssor oi English,
with (tail lloglln bit as assistant
(Ill't‘i'llll'. will lzc ])l‘OtIll'.'l.‘tl N(l\'\‘Ill—
bcr l and 2 Ill Pagl- Hall.

   
  

LOOK SHARP—That's what these State students, like others. haw:
been doing in the Commons all week. A course in baseball strategy via
Educational TV?

 

7a 0,,“ Mad

 

By ART I’LO'I‘NIK

It made in:- slck to look at last
week‘s Open Mind. I said nothing
in all unusually ineffective way.
Therefore, dear readers, accept my
humblest apologies and finish to-
day’s coumn, with which I took
particular pailis ill order to men-
tion a few things 01' worth.

Tommy and Johnny, the ambitious
urchins, have finally gone straight.
The slice shine stand they coil-
structed against Saylcs Hall is their
first honest enterprise since they
sold their souls to the devil. It was
only last month that the two youths
showed me several items of building
material, which I offered to pur—
chase in order to modernize my
apartment. "What you have here
is fine," I said, “but do you have
any long wooden planks, six inches
wide?"

“One minute," answered Johnny,
"I‘ll see what we have in stock." A
few minutes later he returned with
the desired merchandise. Becoming
suspicious, I asked him to fetch the
SLLIIC copper sheet. As he left I lol—
l')wed close behind, and he unwit-
tlllgly led me to his “stockroom.”
It was, of course, the new dormitory
under construction. . . .

Art Sputnik, the new Russian
saLcllitc, has been the subjch of
much guesswork. I ol'l'cr my own
theory: Sputnik is carrying Georgi
Mlllcnkov, who is intricately wired
:cr animal rcnctions in space . . .
h‘llH‘Ilk-Illg of Russia, I um reminded
of lhc latest rumor: Moscow has
oitcccd to build a new stadium for
tile \unki-cs if they lcllvc New
York. . . .

Do iiot miss IIll‘ curran art cx-
lliblt Ill Drapt-r Lounge! Stanley

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. Lake Ave.,
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARRIERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

 

Clothes Driers
Study Lamps

(“3 ('entral Avenue

 

ALL UI’I’ERCLASSMEN AGREE!

It’s CENTRAL VARIETY

Con tact Pa per
Over-the-Door Hangers

Special Discount l'ur State Functions

Molding Hooks
Paints

Below Quail street

Bate, the tax-director of art for
Entyclopcdia Americana, is the
creator of the paintings on display.
Mr. Bate, if we must categorize, is
a cubist—expressionist, aiid a re-
markably skillful one. . . .

Homecoming Weekend for many
of my friends has become Home—
golng weekend. “Good time to get
away." they say. . . .

Due to technical difficulties well
within our control, the apartment
feature will appear next month. It
will be magnificent.

-ting up the

PAGE 8

Rules, Methods
Of Committee

By DUKENE ZERVAS
Setting Up the finance committee,

’ moving back the elections for the

seat on Myskania for which no one
is running. approval of cabinet
nominations and the method of se-
lecting Who’s Who were the items
on the agenda of the Student Sen-
ate.

Probably the most interesting fact
to come out of the meeting Is the
news that Richard Hinck is non-
existent. He's been replaced by
Richard Kendall. (This is no joke—
the family name was legally
changed.)

Two bills were presented for set-
finance committee.
There was some confusion as to the
composition of the committee —
should all nine members be sena-
tors or should five be senators and
five be non-senators? There was
some question as to whether the
composition of the committee could
be decided before the duties were
clearly outlined. Line-by-line bud-
gets or lump sum budgets were also
discussed. As it stands now, there
are five senators and four non-
senators, the duties of which are
to approve budgets as a whoie, while
legislative matters are to be decid-
ed by the senatorial component
only. Budgets were left on a lump
sum basis.

Since all four nominees for the
seat on Myskania declined, the
election was moved ahead to Friday,
October 18, 195'] ill order to insure
that someone will be elected.

Claudia Allcock is in charge of
traditions and Burton Rounds rep-
resents the sororities and fraterni-
ties on the Cabinet.

The twenty-nine candidates for
WhO's Who from State Will be elect-
ed on Friday. October 18, frcm a
group of thirty-live Seniors nom-
inated by the Senate. Seniors are
to be elected on the basis of aca-
demic standing, leadership and iu-
turc promise. Those selected will be
submitted for further consideration
to Who’s Who in American Col-
leges and Universities.

Campus Religious Organizations Meet

For Various Events

Several religious clubs on campus
Will be meeting i'or various activi-
ties in the coming week.

Canterbury Club's weekly meet-
ing will be heId at 7:30 p.m. on Sun-
day evening at St. Andrew's Pariin
ITUllSi‘, announces Edward Broder-
ick ’58, President. The discussion
will be about "The Church. College,
and Propaganda," Those wishing
rldcs should incl-t at Pierce Hall at
7:15 pm.

Ellcll McLaughlin ‘58, President,
announces that litter-Varsity Chris-
tian Fellowship will hold its FilI
chkcnd today, tomorrow and Still-
day at Camp Pinnacle. Thc main
spcakcr, Rev. Elwyn Davies, will

Of Coming Week

present the topic, “Why Believe."
On Thursday there'll be a meeting
at the Loudonviiie Community
Church. Those wanting transporta-
tioll meet at Brubacher at 7:15 pm.

Hillel, B’liai B‘rith Youth Organ-
ization, and B‘nai B'rith Lodge and
Chapter will have a joint Lox and
Jagcl Breakfast on Sunday at 10:30
:l.m. at the Ohav Sholom Synago-

gue on Washington Avenue, an—
Ill ullces Militia Podbcr.
Margaret Cilrr, Moderator of

the Westminster Student Fellowship,
announces that Peter LIbilb‘S, Yale
Law School graduate, will speak
about "Discrimination" at the "wet-
ing on Sunday at 7:30 pm. in the
Englc Room in Pierce Hall.

‘I

 

The Home of the

Special“.

Cole Slaw, lcc

Open 11:30 A

 

 

COACH and FOUR RESTAURANT

ll‘rankfurtcr on Toasted Roll, French Fries,
Cream.

Coca Cola, Coffee or '1‘

Soda Fountain Snacks
.M. to 10 PM.

Western Avenue at Quail

Guaranteed Steak

Jello

ea...

or Pudding,

 

 

 

4 .

 

