PAGE 2

 

 

By RUSSELL and FOTHERINGHAM

“Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.”—Emerson

HERE'S TO YOU!

We hope our column will help to lighten your Friday morning coffee
breaks. Green-ness is not limited to the freshman class alone, we, too,
must ﬁnd our beginning. Our greetings to all the old faces and a hearty
welcome to the new ones. We only hope the enjoyment of this column
will not be ours alone.

VERBAL BOUQUETS

Congratulations are certainly in order to the officers and counselors
of Men's and Women's Frosh Weekends. From all reports “A good time
was had by all." Honorable mention must also be given to the Co-
Chairmen of Junior Guides. Their Job, too, was well done.

OOPS! A GOOF!

The section on page 40 in- the Frosh Handbook entitled “FINANCES”
is not a part of the SA Constitution, in case anyone in confused. This
is now legislated each year by the Senate.

LET THE SENATE DO THE WORK
With no more compulsory convocations you can read the News while
it's still “hot off the press"—wlth a clear conscience

“All  “D”?
A very successful Registration this year, but wha' happened to last
year's marks???

THAT'S WIIY THE MESS

No more ﬂoods at Bru! The new drainage pipes that clutter Dorm
Field will soon eliminate unwelcome water surplus in Bru dining room.
No boots to breakfast, girls!

SORRY! WRONG COIN!

The new juke box in the SU takes dimes and quarters—we can't
expect old machines to last forever. The nickel box we had was one
of the last ones in Albany. New records and new sounds cost money—
we must Live Modern.

CATCH?

We truly hope that the fail sport of soccer which our team works
so hard for each year will catch on. in past years school spirit was
somethingr that was referred to only in the sense of the liquid refreshment.

We not only have a good team, but we also have a squad of cheer-
leaders whosc pop is often wasted because of a lack of audience partici-
pation. Worse yet—because of a lack of an audience. Since soccer is a
skilled sport, it is, therefore, an interesting one. Not that we mean to
sound ti'lte, but let's get out and support the State team!!!

LONG TIME NO SEE

Tradition for the Common Starters has been to reveal their identities
not only through their names. but through their photographs. Because
of broken caiiieriis, this honor will be withheld until next week. We‘re
hurt. i?)

NO'I‘ICE ANY OI'EN SPACES?

The barracks finally came down on this year‘s schedule, Let’s hope
the new dorm goes up last, We hear it's nice and cozy in Bru‘s triple
rooms!

QU 2‘S'I‘ION OI" THE WEEK

Are you lost?

DON’T FORGET 'I‘lll',‘ ALI. (‘OLLEOE REf‘EI"I‘lON TOMORROW
NIGHT!!!

 

College C a/ena’ or

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20

9:00 am. Freshman Library ’l‘ours

1200 p.111. Convocation at Page iiall, compulsory for all freshmen
7:30 pm. Film of "Snows of Klilllliliilitl'i)" at Draper 340.

 

SATURDAY, ia‘Ei’Tit'MlIER 21

8:00 pm. All College l'teccption.

0:30 pm. Dance at lirubaclicr.

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22

1:00 pm. Commutci's' Club Picnic, ’l’liatclicr Park.
6:00 pm. Lutheran Student Association meeting ill. St. John’s Church.
’1200 pm. Mate Collette News lioard meeting.
MONDAY, HEP'I‘EMISER 23

7:15 phi. i’sl Gamma Sorority meeting.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 24

4:00 pm. Sophomore Class meeting. Draper 340.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 20. 1957

For The Record ! !

Frosh Weekend has been designed to give
the freshmen a warm and hearty “hello”
from State College. Fortunately this has
been achieved in the past, but this year's
Women’s Frosh Camp barely scratched the
top.

It would be unfair to claim that the
ofﬁcers did a poor job; for they did not. It
is certainly not their fault that the num-
ber of frosh women skyrocketed to 340. And
it is not their fault that the ﬁrst day of
camp had to be further complicated by a
conference which was held in Brubacher
Hall. A conference which the ofﬁcers were
not notiﬁed of until the day before camp.
We realize that Bru does offer a ﬁne meet-
ing place for State organizations, but it
seems rightfully unfair that these confer-
ences should assume a position which sur-
passes a traditional State College activity—
an activity which has been scheduled since
early spring. Are we wrong in believing that
Brubacher Hall belongs to us, that it was
built to be used by the students of Albany
State? If this assumption is not false, then
why didn’t Frosh Weekend have priority
over other activities.

Just how can the students enrolled at
this college be certain that when they have
scheduled activities that they are not go—
ing to be constantly impaired by outside
organizations?

If we were to have a little more coopera-
tion and understanding from all corners
of our far ﬂung campus, a more realistic
and balanced program could be planned by
all users of our facilities. Surely, neither
group beneﬁtted from the pure chaos that
reigned in Bru Friday morning.

’61...

Ever since the ﬁrst issue of the State Col-
lege News appeared on October 4, 1916,
editors of this newspaper have had the
privilege of welcoming back old friends and
greeting new faces to State College. To wel-
come back the upperclassmen we need only
extend a warm “hello.” To greet the new
faces—the Class of 1961—is a more difﬁcult
task. Perhaps this is because each editor in
the past has felt it necessary to offer to the
incoming class some words of adVice . . . we
offer no formula for a successful college
career, but we do offer this . . .

The primary aim of any institution of
higher learning is to give to its students the
best it can offer academically. Books, build-
ings, and a faculty cannot do this alone. As
freshmen, you have yet to face the actually
minor hardships of acquiring an education.
You will meet them soon. Some of you will
refuse to face up to these hardships . . . in
the end, experience will again prove the
best teacher. The best advice we can pos-
sibly offer is to plant two solid academic
feet on the ground now, rather than limp
along through the rest of your college
career.

No college career is complete without
some fun, and you will ﬁnd your ﬁrst year
overﬂowing with frivolity, chieﬂy through
the traditional Rivalry with the Sophomore
Class. Rarely has a freshman class cap-
tured the Rivalry Cup from their arch-foes,
the Sophomores . . . it might be a good year
to try.

We have said we offer no formula for a
successful college career, but perhaps the
key to such a formula is a proper balancing
of all facets of State College life. It might
be to your advantage to experiment.

Welcome to State College, frosh!

“Hammad 7/13 Wadi In 68 ﬁaqd”

By JOHN STEFANO

This past summer there were nine
students from the State’s four-year
colleges who were fortunate enough
to spend their school vacation on
the European Continent. The dele-
gate from Albany, after being chosen
from thousands of applicants, dc-
parted the 17 of June on the Empire
State III, The speedy vessel crossed
the broad Atlantic in fourteen days.

July 2, 1957 was the Emancipation
date for the cadets, officers and
guests. The city of Dublin, Ireland,
spread its arms to welcome the
Americans. The newly elected Lord-
Muyor of Dublin held a reception
for the officers and cadet officers of
the training ship; it was very inter-
esting to note the manner lil which
the Lord-Mayor was chosen. it
sccms the election i'csultcd in 'd tic
and the Victor was announced after
his home was drawn from it hat.
The Free State is in it very perilous
situation because of their luck ol
row miitci'iiils, industry and people.
The ii'ish people were the only peo-
plc 1 met who desired to leave their
homeland. ’l'hcrc are approximately
3,000,000 people, and 100,000 of them
ill'i‘ unemployed it‘illllVillt‘llL to (i,-
000,000 unemployed lli‘l'lfl.

This mod port the ship Vii-ilti‘tl was
the city of Amsterdam in the Noth-
i'i‘iiinds. ()ii Llll‘ iith of July l dc-
pill'Llfil from the ship with another
guest to begin our Ll'iin‘ls on the
continent, The Dutch people were
lliSilllliltlllg. 'l‘licy iippt-iii'cd very
llllll)ltlt)llii, clean and more prosper-
ouh' than the ll'lh‘ll people. While in
Hillllilltl i had an opportunity to
stay with u Dutch sciinniteiicln-r and
his family. The most remarkable
thing about the visit With this family
With" the very Witl'lil i'cccptloii they
gave us iiiid the "humor in which
they went out of their way to show
us llll that was possich for us to
hut: in our two—day Vlb’li. 'i'licy spoko
vcry freely about their country and
asked us many questions about thi-
United States. The illitcli people are
amazing in that they make use out
of every bit. of the hind they possi-ss.
'i'herc are many skilled Workers lll
Holland and then: is still it dcmuiid
ior more of the some. Amsterdam
in a Very intriguing city with all its
many canals, immense boat harbor,
and llllitfll'lt‘ buildings,

From Amsterdam I took a train to
Koln, Germany, which was the be-
ginning of many exciting experi-
ences. In Koln I got a glimpse of
seine of the finest modern buildings
I‘ve ever seen. In many cities in
Germany I found that the people
were doing an excellent job rebuild-
ing their demolished urban centers.
The people were very friendly and
co-operativc and did not seem to
resent Americans at all. From Koln
I took a river boat trip up the Rhine
and it was by far the most wonder—
ful experience I bad. There were
beautiful old castles and chalets
iilong hilltops which were present
on both sides of the river. The trip
was il|)|)l'(lxlllliltcly fourteen hours
long and ended at the city of Mainz,
Glil‘lllltlly‘ home of the Gutteiibui'g
Bible and press. After crossing the
river to the resort city of Wiesbiidcn,
my companion and myself rented a
Wolkswugon for three days, Thus
we were iiblc to see more of the
countryside. While on this little
,illlllt, i had an opportunity to talk
to many (icrmiin school children
and also explained the strange game
of baseball to them.

July ii) We entered Switzerland by
train from Miiiiiz and travelled to
il littlc \illugc, ltoiiiclmch, by name,

on the Swiss, German and Austrian
border. We stayed with a family in
the village for four days. Once
again the hospitality was wonderful
and the main topic of conversation
once again settled on the United
States and in this case Switzerland.
The Swiss people do a great deal of
tourist trade, and they do not hide
this fact. Actually, they welcome all
foreign visitors. The Swiss were
most co-operativc and friendly peo-
ple I came in contact with while on
the continent. The Swiss country-
side is breathtaking and is so fas-
cinating that it is hard to realize
that you‘re not looking at pictures
from some photography magazine.
The mountain tops are snow capped
almost all year round, and the sur—
rounding scenery is brilliant because
of the dark forests, bright mountain
flowers and beautiful homes. inci-
dently, Switzerland was the only
country where I saw buildings made
of wood, and these were only in the
mountains. We did not leave Switz-
erland until the 30th of July, and in
that time we visited many small
cities and resort areas; some of
these wore I.ill.‘.’,illl(), St. Moritz, MOH-
ti'ciiux und liitcrliikeii.

Paris was the next stop on our
r(.'ouiiiiiml oIi l’iu/c ’,, (loiumnl/

 

  

li'll‘ﬁt “lace L'b‘l’A
V(il.. XlJl

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY IOIG

BY THE enters or win

Second Place ACP

Hcptciiihci' 110. 105'] No. H

Members of llll' Nlt'WH stall may be rein-lied, Monday Alilll Wmilii'miuy from '1 [0
ii p in iiiid 'l‘uciidiiy from Ii to il piii ill 2-3330, Ext 11 Phones Dcttuivr 00.011“
Bziti'ck 2~0ii7ll, liltchcoik Z-‘lilliil; Kitinph ’A-ilil'lil '

'l‘iui undorgi'iiduutn lllfWhllitlllﬁi' of Our

New York titan: College for 'l'euclicu.

published cvury l"l'l(lii)’ o! the College yimi' by the Nit‘Wi-i lsounl [or um mudem

Association
MARIE Di""
IOh‘EI’iI [IAIUGK —

ANN Ill'l‘UIIUOt/‘K -

MARLENE Mllilt‘liMA

MARY I'l'l‘li'A'l‘ltlim . - .
NANOY RICHARDS - ~
AR'I‘IlllR I'LO'I‘NIR - ~ ~
ROBERT liAMl'l’ - - - .

   

’Mi‘lll

:l.

v Utl'udllltr-lll'uhlc‘

- 7 Uo—l‘lditor-iuvtliiiol
Ito-incur Advertiuiiig Editor
- Mountain Editor
~ « Articulate Editor

- - ~ Asnooiﬂtu Editor
- - - - ~ Feature Editor
- ~ < Sports Editor

W
All ceiiiiiiuiilcutloiis should be itilill‘ciibml to the editor and must be i it)

w,“ m, wmmuld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS astumcii it: Kr‘wihlllﬂgl‘lllf:
10, Opium“. expressed in its columns or CulliﬂlilliICitliUllb, its such expressions do not

necessarily reﬂect its view.

 

WW

 

l
l
l
l

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 20. 1957

PAGE 3

 

glint/2424 Ida 7/ze 4m 4M 74a Rec! ﬁber/d1

Frosh Invade Bru And Wide Open Spaces;
Absorb Traditions—Strain Lungs, Muscles

Fresh Camp Stories: Marlene Ackerman, loan Cali.

Jack ()rmsbee, Arnie Rothstein.

{ivalrv pictures by Willard Gillette.

 

 

 

"Where Oh Where Are the Verdant Freshmen?" If
you had incandered over to Bru last weekend this
would not have been questionable. For—the Red Devil
wcmtn ascended on Bru on one of the hottest days
of the year to begin their adventures at State College.

Skits and sings and ramny talks AND more skits
rnd sin'i's and ramblv talks accounted for much of
the weekend's activities.

A Poem

Of COL‘lSO there were sports galore—-

Te boson up sore muscles from sitting on the floor!
Cheering on the sidelines added enthusiasm and pep—~
And—-—Watch out Sophs euz these frosh are really hep!

A variety of discussion including extra-curricu.ai'
as. well as curricular was also on the agenda. Here
the frosh received valuable insight to the workings
of State College.

A fashion show at Pierce demonstrated what the
campus gals will wear. Bermudas stole the show!!!

An impressive Candlelight service was one of the
highlights of the weekend as the fresh formed an “S”
on Dorm Field amidst the chanting of the “Torch
Song" and the firecrackers of the
Albany urchins.

Questions Anyone?

You've heard of the question of
the week from the Commonstatcr.
Now here ye the question of the
wrekcnd . . .

Anyone for abstractions?

Where oh where is the Morgan

Linen Man?

When does the second floor go

down?

Isn't Men's Frosh Camp here,

too? .

13') the upperclassmen always

act like this?

Does the Blue Shield fully cover

you? (insurance that islli

Do you have an announcement

to make? (Of course the vocal

chords do not function on this
one unless you put your right
hand on your head and your
left hand is outstretchedi.

Jazz Age

Entertainment-wise. much talent
was displayed by both the counselors
and the i'i‘osh. In the little time the
Hush had to organize. We feel that
they came through first-rate. ’l‘hen'
izilcnts ranged from the cliissimil
to the jazz of the roaring twenties.
You should have seen those Red
Devils do the Charleston , . . Mun
those Devils ill'i.‘ cool!i
Faculty Show

An:l. the faculty lliltl the oppor-
tunity to let their hair down, too.
With their musical ability and hu-
mor. they were the liit of the week-
('ll(|, for they won the hearts of all
the i‘rosh.
fon'riiiuliiilons . . .

Hats off to Marilyn Lunch '50, Di-
r'wtor, and ii“ lli‘l' officers; Sully
iliii'lci' '50. Assistant Director; Ciii'o-
lyii ()ln'o '50, Secretary; Lculi
(ircciznuiii '50, 'l‘rcumircr; and we
must not forch the counselors who
“'1 l‘ki'fl so llill'(l while having a good
time, too.

Final Note

As we leave you, our llllill note is
directed to tho Sole We say, Be-
wui'c, ‘ciiiisc ii” the frosh soy, ”l_.ct
lhc Hciivrns i'c-ccho the shout
Sixty—one!"

 

51.1 i, itivulry's

Rivalry t-Vcnis.

Hi this yrnr's (‘iinip

iill(l Sum-rs. Rumor has it
(illl't'ltl i'iil‘l‘li'll u long whip,
lliiit Snui‘rs wus l'Vt‘ll i‘lllllll”.
I"? 'lllly—l"l'o.s‘ll solllmil 1!. oils.

«lhcrwisc ici‘lccl umpires.

ll'l sh soﬁibiill iiiuic wiis l't‘lill)‘

Men Leav Fro‘h Cmp
Shaggnasty Still Missing

3y ()RMSBICI‘Z & RO‘I'iIS’l‘ElN
Mosh Cilile Wis ii h'iwlinp, suc-
ci-ss. a whooping. hollering. shoul-
liig Sll.'l‘i'.‘iﬁ. The sheer Vili'ill pmci'
oi llicsi' ncw li'i'oxh is lllllll'l'fi>«l\i‘
i-hcci‘ing |)l)'lll.
might go to lll'.‘ Soph's, lli'i'leirll‘ '01
I " (lidii'l i'l‘iilly gcl iiois" niilil illit‘l'
 “lights out" at llllillli’lll. whcli l‘
J. ' later than llll'.‘ cf l.li.~ sclicilll‘i
Aclliily scinii'il lo lll‘ llic l".ll il'
[5: :~l-‘.i ii): I.
Lipids. and volley bull courts \H‘l‘t'
i'l'OWilt‘il, the swimming pool looki-i
like u vut iit ii siii'dliic ciiiini-ry.
Soccer iiiid hiislicbiill phi‘crs wci'c
can't-fully eyed by coaches (iill'i'lil
that

(:ur iuculiy Won the traditional

lJlll'lll pitched his [cum lo an 8-2
iii-tory over the ii'osli, \‘.‘lill only
a slight bit oi it‘m’ldllllt'c from some

fiosi couldn‘t :i'l’lll i.) understand
the liiisic rules of the game, which
fll"lll=l show the liicully Wllill ili.y
will have in export from then"
lii‘iilllllil'l classes. The Union-dor-

contest. the counsellors won t‘ilﬂl)‘

 
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
   

by ii score of 1-0 hiii'd pui ill lillll'n'
to kctp the game i'ioin bring loo
iiil‘-h‘l(il‘(l lll lhi-ir lll\ill'.

'lhs' skits “('11- par ior ihc coiii'.~c.
raunchy as usual. but lll'in'lillllJ, ii
ltli oi ion for .ill. S. .ip and chi-ncx
\i‘i'l'i' [\t'o liii'iilioliii‘di' lll'l/l'w.

l)l‘illl li.i'ili-_\'. ilociors Winn.
Mooi'c, illlii Hi'llllil/.' \iii'c lhc l"iic—
n.1, il(l\'l.\i.l'H lhi~ l‘ill'. :ind \‘ci'i.
; iid ours. loo [lt'llll ll.ii'llcy plays

lll‘;lll l'illlll' of \'o,lcyliiill, and
\iin'i- lll'. Winn ulnus‘i ln'cd lll lll'
[Itlill Hoill “1‘. Moore :liltl l)l'.
iit'lilillxc lli'ltl ("rinses ill .lli‘hh’ iiiid
lllil old l\':i\y liil.llt', pcniiynni a

All in oil. this year's frosh class
ziipiuiis lo b~ it good oiic .iidcvn.
'l.i-.-y sci-in to b- l‘iii'.~iiii:.: for
liiiwcdgc. In liit'l. scycriil oi ih‘
coinirclors wire lll'c\'illli‘ll upon to
ocminsiriiii- \uili-r siiic'y. clothe-i
:illd .ill Hann- of file coiiiix‘p's
\'.ii'i‘ il lill l.i’.~lliilil l’lil ill li'tsll
lll-‘l'll‘lll'l‘, llicy i'Alll‘llt’tl

'l'ln' cl‘i‘tlll lill' illlw ,\'.:il".~' \t‘l‘i'
i.lii‘i‘i’~>ill‘. Frosll L‘iinip goes in War-
icn lJuiilmin :33. who as dirt-'cioi'.
oigiiniz/cd the whole show. 'l'liu icod
\\'.l$ cxr.-llrnt, lhc luciii'ics l)i.‘l.t..‘l'
lh.iii over before. and lhc almos—
pllci'ii it‘i‘i'li'lc l"\’('l'_\oilc llnd ii good
llllli‘

 

 

 

