 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 11. 1957

 

 

 

 -Nmp

 

SPE
Oeday

Try the new Parker Super “21” Pen for 10

days. If you are not completely satisﬁed, return

the pen to us for full credit or refund!

 

* Specially designed for student use!

* Made of super-strengtl'i plastic and stainless steel!
31' Protected point, rugged writing mechanism!

* Clean, easy iiiling—— no messy, fragile cartridges!
“k Electro-polished point ior super-smooth writing“!

‘A' Sleek. styling iound only in more costly pcnsl

paper -~fcuiur es galore!
O Writes for weeks on one filling 0 Bright new barrel colors
0 Visible ink supply 0 Choice of point sizes

0 Strong new clip guards against loss 0 Matching pencil only $3.95

 

 

 

Students Or;
Dean's List

Oscar E. Lanford, Dean of
College, announces the follov
students have made Dean's List
the 1957 Spring semester:

Class of 1957

Gail Abramson, Gary Adci
Carol Allen, Joseph Allen, Dm-
Alford, Joseph Anderson, Bt‘\~
Andy. Anna Arvantides. Rm
Blacker, Barbara Bailey. Ja
Bailey. Barbara Baum. Alesai.
Bcdnarek, Carol Bell, John it
ton, William Binklcy. Frank ti
Byron Bonneau, Audrey liri
Sondra Brill. Anthony -Cani
Louise Cliristolon, Harrv Com
Clarice Coieman, Austin ‘Cox, Jo.
Cronin, Raymond Castillo, .iai
Champagne, Dolores Cowburn. (33.:
ton Carpenter.

Barbara Davis, Dominick Dec:
co, John Delusi. Barbara Deniai
Kathryn Dodge, Sara Jane Din:
Lois Nudo. Richard Feldinan. An:
Ferraioli. Lillian Ferrara, Marti..
Firth, June Frankland. Budlll‘ti
Frye, Nancy Gadc, John (tau,
John Gauquic. James Gilbert, Al'lt'i
Green. Stanley Gorzynski. (‘.i.
Greenhill, Tito Guglielinonc, lim-
Hagenah, Beverly Haviland. in i
as Haresign. David Hardy. Barth:
Hazcltine, Wilfred nighttm.
Barbara Hungerford.

Phyllis Hui'd. Lois Jolmsoii. ’iio
rcse Kalinowski, Audrey Kelly, .J ‘I it
Kilroy, Betty King. Mary lx'nizu.i
Helen Konefal, Barbara Kitsck. .\Ii
chael Lacara. Rita Lainboglia. Mii
na Landc, Judith Larson. Mani.
Lawrence, Alfred Lcdcrman. Pint.
lichi‘er. Ferdinand Lcuffcn, Nitlli.
Levnie. Paul Lewis. Edward Lisa-
Nancy Louprcttc, Frank Mclt‘i-i
Kenneth McLear. and Laura i\’l.ll
esca.

Michael Maxian, Marcia Nit-iii
man, Frank Merli. Katherine Moi.
sees. Daniel Mulvihill, Richard til
pliant. Clyde Payne. Robert Pil‘lllc'
Emil Poiak. C arence liappli-ita
Jian Rendcrt. Robert

Class of 1958

Those on the Dean's List. iro-
the Class of 1958 are: Micliacl Al.
lcrs, Mary Aiken, Judith Anibn
sino, Fred Arcoraci, Allllitllciii' to
foot. Donald Billtil'lllll. Ai'lcnc lint
baiiiii. Robert Bishop. Sheila iii'a’
Nels Briska. Bill‘lli‘ttii Ul'tillillli
Mary Bullock. Martin Biish. Dan.“
Call, Frank Candito. Eleanor t‘al
on, Marilyn Cavonder, Arthur (Plan
sen. Freida Cohen.

Mary Crawford. l’aul Daninic
William DeGroat, .iolm Dempstii
Marn- Dettmcr, li‘rnnk Diiioto, Dru.
tel Doyle, Warren E(l\\'iil'tl>., San
IL‘Atileton. Shirley liildrcd. John i‘.l
tie. Ira (loldstein, Norinan (tordot
William (lropp, itichard (in/cwi i
by viii llallctt. Dorothy llanmi
Marie llarrtgan. llcvcrly lit-ii'iot
ltichard lliiick, Ann lillt‘lli'till‘l
Helen lloiiiiaiiii. David liowai:
(.irctclicn llurd

’Carroll lltilt.. Janct .iuniic. Danic
henyon, John Kiclilc. .loan Kopt/a
ltobcrt Kopcci-k, Dorothy Koslruit
tan. Lorraine Korlowski. Mirna!“
Kraus. Bernard Kiic/ctt. (‘liaiit
lailontninc, Mrs .lonii liiil/litl‘
llioniiis Laroclicllc, ltiith i.ai:.oi.
l.aVci'iu~ labbcrt. Suzanne lulu.
nian, Sophie Lusiyik. Joan Mut‘at
thy. lilll‘lilil’ti Mt'(iti|ll!,ll, l'.ill'll Mi
liillléllilll, (iarltoti Manson. (‘liri
tinc Mclillo, .lcnnitc Mt‘l‘l'lll. .lltltli
Minon, James Morrisscx. l.cnoii
Mosiicr. 'l'liaisa Ncl‘ion. (‘li.irlottc
Noi'loii. Kcith ()lson. liltiwaid (H
l'lllllllil. Aiiitclic i’iiliin'r, lloitilrf-
l‘cck

Mcrlc l’liillips, lillixahctii i’lt‘i'il‘.
Noriininiiic l’ishlto. llitiilt'l l'llt'lll'lll.
Donald iticc. Anti iiidlcy. Matti-tit!
lto"liioi'(i, Beverly Hips. lle.cii Sal
lord, liiidoli Scliinickcnbcrg. lillt'lllt‘
i')(flllll'l(li'l', Villt‘l'll‘ Hcliiicidci'. Mur-
toric Schwartz, .lanct chca, Sit/mi
Sliiiiiirxck, larniita Stalin. Samuel
Skiiir. Arlciu- Slusara. (lai'ol Stitch.
liai'biiru 'l'iu'kuliury, llollis 'l'iblicll-‘i
Clifford Uiidcll. Selma Willti‘ll‘
liciin. Jostpli Warren, ’l honiiis Wat-
l.ll(fWh, ()ui'ol Wiggins, liost- Wt Ici'l.
Dukcnc Zervas.

Juniors
’l'hc Juniors on Dean's List arc.

Carol Altic. Joan Anderson. Carolc

 

'(i'onlmncd int Par/c 8, Colonial)

Office Name 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER II. 1957

PAGE 5

 

i

’ State College Gr

PM...  c . .. ,U... a “M...” ,. .

Lu... _ ... -w m.-.~~-

r"

//

STATE UNivctTiSirsi

0? NEW JORK

l L elect ch‘ t v‘fjf'\.~\. ‘4‘)“ a
l . Auburn i\/\G.’r.,..\\a‘,.
/) P) l"\“i (,d C _ In a

I.

‘FrQ.A£ iii (A,

0
Cu ma ‘1‘ C

Plu‘l‘l’étlurg

" pa f :3 (1ch ("ﬂ

/C,L\.t‘iii.i ii
<4

/

x

t 'tC,
' JVVLJ

/‘~—~—;\ / Urit‘tL

tam-Ho rid

it‘l‘ittux Ora”: .-‘ hp

 

1.51;.)
lo. y

C t,  ',~:l‘\i 

l l dlilﬂnwlsl’cﬁ/r‘ Ann-“d C2113th ' t: Ddlhi
l ‘ i o
l NQN .- i .1,‘t¢)'Ji-}
I L'Mlllic w  ‘PCLH'L. Pu; «JD e f
a). WV". t n“ l L; n xiv... 7‘11 i chi lcti‘v 1‘ '7
\K‘“\ .W ' l‘ l. {rt-Z. If? ling/i
m, x O iJ-biﬁv‘f 
) .
Nth jUHVﬁ//.l:l’ —W/
i C l‘  Y'it l‘leLiy la
M F I j 0/”

 

’l‘llE li‘lt’l‘lfltlil of the largest campus in the world may well be derided by New York State voters on
November ﬁfth. At that time, they will be asked to deride on the proposed amendment giving state au-

- thoritics the power to borrow no to 251. million dollars for nee

(led expansion.

State Legislature Approves Amendment

Alter approval by the I..cgislaturc
of 1056 and 19:37, a constitutional
amendment authorizing the State
of New York to create a debt of up
to two hundred fifty mil ion dollars
for the capital development of the
State Unchrsity will go before the
people on NoVembcr  10:37.

The Voters Decide

Although approved unanimously
by the two sessions of the Legisla-
ture. and recommended by the (lov-
ernor. the Board of Regents, and
many local organizations. the final
approial must come from iir- voters
of the State.

Questions and Answers

llcrc are some of the questions
wizich haVc been raised chr tin-
proposcd ainciidntciit:

What is the urgency of the. need
to expand and develop State l'iii-
vcrsity‘.’

'l'lie urgency springs truth the it c;l
to provtdc college opportunities tor

the rapidly growing number of liiih
school graduates in the State. whi<h
“ill double by 1970. It is estimated
that by ltl7ti. over 500.000 students
Will be enrolled in the collctes oi
the State. an increase of 73’; over
prtsciit enrollment.

Last Fall. almost, 7,000 potential
trisiimcn had to be denied entrance
l,') SUNY colleges because of the
.nck oi facilities.

Will $250 million worth of bonds
he issued as soon as the proposal is
approved?

No. Bonds Will be issued only
when the (lovcrnor and the liegis—
laturc decide to borrow to supple.-
iiLcnt funds available tor SU con—
struciion from annual revenues.

Will approval mean automatic
approval of each of the projects
listed in the State l'iiiversily's five
year construction program?

No. lu‘ach lli(ll\'l(lllill pi'olt'ct and
it. cost will be reviewed on its cur—
rent inci'its by the State Util\t'i‘*»ll)

SUNY Confederation To Submit

Petition To Governor Harriman

At the request of 40,000 students of the State Uni-
versity of New York, a petition for Students Day will be
presented to AVt‘l't'li l‘illl'l'llililii, Gchrnor of New York
State, at a confcrciicc to be held October 18, it), and 20.

The prospective Students Day will be observed No—
Vcniber 2, 1057, atid is intended to accomplish schral units.

A

Gan/emanate rqgemla

l‘rida). ()ciolicr Ill

’1 Illl pin Wi-lcoiiic

ll 00 pin Addrcsn StiNY(‘S li'iu‘t
til l‘llt‘llilll

ii to pin liiscu:sioii ot Keynote

iii 00 pin liraititig (‘oininitlcc

Saturday, ()ctobcr 750

1000 niii Address ’iln- lloini is"
:~.tit'. What is it?

it till u.iii. Discussion

1:: 00 noon lillll('ll

l 30 pin The llcsi Use of 'l‘iinc
lleioi'e Election Day

it 00 pin Discussion

0.30 pm llaiiouct.

0.00 pm. Draitiiig (fonmnttcc

Sunday. October 20

10.00 a in. SUNYCS What Now

11:00 a in. Presentation of Drafting
Committee Proposals

s :ttatcd lll tlic l’i'caitililc to llic
l'clitioii, the nuns oi lln- :iltitlciits
air to unity the sludcnts oi SltNY,
to lil‘lliiJ, ‘liltil'llln niid adiniiiir-tration
closer together. to lit'lti'i' use :l\i||l’
alilc iacilitics. to guarantee student
t'cpt't"ciitatioii. and to lostci' i'ccoii-
iiiiioii ol the l'l‘ililh and l‘t'hlltillbllliil-
tics oi the :ludcni

'l‘lic ‘tilllll’lllw :iic pctitioiiin-i. Ior
"spicial obscimncc ol the establish-
tncnl oi a State tlnivci'sity (‘oiilcti-
cration ot Studcnis atid to cinplin-
:izc to the citizens oi the State the
iinportancc oi the liond Issue to
the growth oi the a iulcniic com—
munity ot the state"

A committee has lictii selected to
have the pctitioii sluicti by as many
students as possible on paper the
size of shell papcr 'l‘iic petitions
must be sent. to the conference

Sponsoring Of Loans For State University

Board of Trustcis. the Board of Re—
ti-nts, the Governor, and the. Legis—
atich.

Budget Inadequate

The rising costs of State go. .'n-
inent indicate tiiat tlil‘l‘t‘ is little
likelihood that NYS can squeeze
tilt of its current budget money to
insure the needed expansion. Atti-
cndmcnt No. l. the State University
amendment. would authorize the
State to borrow up to  million
ll such is the case.

Letters Sent To l’arenis

Last year, the Student Council of
this college appi'oycd a measure
which established a committee to
spearhead this college‘s drive to pass
1. c bond issue.

'lll-' cttci', which \\'111 lie stnt to
the litrctits of cacti student lierc
will shortly be mailed throughout
lilt‘ State.

'llie letter sti'csscs the need of
tarilitics such as housing. a new
liiirnrr, lll’lllliithltliii. athletic iicld.
and expanded classrooms

’lhc letter also points out. the
nccd oi the entire State Ulllt‘L'I'Sll.)
colleges.
illl't‘llllg‘

Next \rcekcnd, t'tilit‘gl's of the
State University “111 nit-ct in ilic
Scnatc (‘lnitnlicrs in Albany to titr—
ilnr discuss lllt‘ i.ond issue A pcti—
tint \\111 also bc prcscnlcd to the
(iotcrnor, asking that Novcnilicr 2
llt‘ dcstpnath Hill” tlniicrity llny

StudentsDistribute
Bond Issue Data

At llll' opciiiii: iticcttiig oi the
l\’c\\ Yiiilt Hlailt 'it-it‘lici's' Associa-
iioii coiiictcitcc to be held siiiiiil—
litlit'tiithl) at. the l'ltlili't' and Strand
thcntcrs in dounloun Allliill), nit-in—
lrt‘l'vi ot the student body oi this
college \‘illl distiibt'lc pamphlets on
the proposed lioiul i>suc to those In
tittciitluiicc
l'i'oi‘csnion's \‘ote

l'llinci' (‘ Miitiicus. Assistant to
the i’l'l'bltll‘lll oi the (‘olli-gc, is
spctti'ltcadiiig this |)llll:it' oi the
dt We to acquaint those oi the teach—
in: proicssion Willi the importance
oi tlic bond issuc

'l‘hc piiiiiplilct describes the iiccd
ol the State Uiiitcrsity oi New York
tor iii-w iiicilitics, and promotes pas-
sage oi the bond amendment on
November 5.

‘ ew York Voters Decide On Bond Amendment;
owtli Hingcs‘On Election Outcome

Citizens Vote On State Bond
Issue For College Facilities

On November ﬁfth, the voters of the State of New York
will be asked whether or not a two hundred and ﬁfty
million dollar bond will be issued by the state for the ex-
pansion of State University facilities. Some of you, and a
majority of your parents will be among the voters. The
future of this college, and of the State University as it now

exists is in their hands.
Albany Plans Ahead

We are all familiar with the highly inadequate fa-
cilities at this college. Academically, the college is limited
in classrooms, faculty ofﬁces, and laboratories; the in-
adequacy of Page Gym is known by all of us, and the
lack of sufﬁcient residence halls has made housing more
difﬁcult for students as the years have gone by.

SUNY Colleges
Discuss Bond
Passage Here

In Albany on Oct iber 18. 19 and
2’... the tl‘.l.d met-ting o'.’ the State
Lrgvrrsity of Elev: York Confcdeia-
tion of Students will be held in the
Senate Chambers of the Capitol
Building. This Confederation is an
organi'atiin (Ulil!,t)t‘tl oi the ta-
rious units of the State University.

(loals

The ].revious two meetings of the
Coiii'etierati'iii were held in the
spring cl last year at liarpur. ’lhc
goals of this union of students as
outlined at these meetings are to
act as a liason between the students
and the administration, to act as a
forum iii which students of SUNY
may offer a united voice on those
allairs that directly affect them, and
to initiate the better use of the ex-
isting facilities of SUNY.

Recognizing" the urgency of the
]JllS.\ltl,‘C of the botid issue this No-
\(llll)l‘l', the Confederation has tin-
dcrtaken an active campaign to iii-
form the students and their families
of our needs. This drive will be cli-
maXcd by the presentation of the
proposals drafted at the conference
to (iovcrnor lliii'riman.

Mail Me...

This college stands to gain a
great deal on the passage of the
bond issue. Construction of a new
library will replace the Hauley
building, built in 1909 to accom‘no-
date 3'75 students. The new st or-
ture would also provide a home of
the Department of Librarianship.

Ath'etic Facilities

The proposed Health and Physi-
cal Education Building is badly
nuclei a‘. the ciilege. The present
.ni. ll)l"l"tl iii the basement of
l—age Auditoriutn. was built in 1929,
and its facilities are inadequate for
a college of this size. Seating
space, playing areas, floor space—-
all an pris..ntly used far beyond
1;ro_ier captuity.

Education Building

The Education and School of
Practice Balding will replace the
now crowded Milne School, and
provide the necessary classroom
space needed by the Education De-
partment of the college. The present
Milne School offers none of the
faciltics we would find in a typical
New York State high school.

Altiration of llawlcy

After the construction of the new
litraiv, Hawlcy would be converted
into a student day center. with
snack bar and it cafeteria. The pres-
ent ciii'et'ria, which now serves
2,000 daily. would then be given to
the Science Department for science
laboratories.

('ollege. Housing

t5'.‘ of tlie enrollment at Albany
requires housing, Students at the
coitcge can vouch for the tact that
housing is far from sufficient.

You can do yourself a favor. You can do the college
a favor, and you can do the future high school graduates
of this state a favor. We have printed this page in hopes
that you will become a little more familiar with the pro-
posed 250 million dollar bond issue which the voters of
this state will vote on November 5.

On this page you will read of what the passage of
this bond issue could do for State College. and what groups
are doing to insure its passage. But, there is still you——
what can each of you do to give us and the other colleges
of the State University of New York their sorely needed

i'acilities‘.’

if each of you would take the time out sometime in
the Very near future to send this page home to your folks
or friends, you may be personally responsible for aiding
ilic passage of the bond amendment. We don’t ask niuch~~~
it won’t take much of your time, and think of the great

result it could achieve

The vast majority of us complain about housing on
this campus. Page gym, and the crowded classrooms. If
the entire student body will ever pull together to do some—
thing really constructive, let it be now.

The students of this college realize the situation be-
cause they are living it. You are the best proof 01' the
need of the State University. We urge you to do your
part, no matter how small that part may seem. in aiding
the passage of the bond issue.

 

