 

 

PAGE 2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 25. 1597

'— Kqu’td KW IWeII, I Heard . . .

By ALT mmzzow

In the past it has been the policy
of this writer to sprinkle through
his column bits of humor, satire,
and witty sarcasm in the hope of
evoking a few chuckles from his
readers (7), while at the same time
informing them of the latest ﬂicks
playing locally. This week, however,
some of the movies (and their ads)
are of such a nature as to make
comments on them unnecessary—-
yea, even dangerous. For example,
the PALACE is featuring Joan
Crawford and Rossano Brazzi in
The Story of Esther Costello or The
Golden Virgin. Now you tell me how
I comment on that and still keep
it printable? My colleague, the other
Art P. could get away with it, but I
have neither the nerve nor literary
skill to carry it off. However, being
a true (but timid) champion of
“freedom of the press," here's what
the ads inform us on this hot piece
of celluloid: Recommended for our
adult patronage and the more in-
formed teenagers!"  . . will not of-
fend any emotionally mature person
of either sex." Not to be shackled
by modesty. they continue: “If
you're old enough to know about
love . . . you’re old enough to see it!"

Now at the LELAND they're fea-
turing a real heart-warmer entitled
I was a Teenage Werewolf. Now
what more could one possibly say
after a title like that? However, it
does bring to mind a girl I once
knew who took me for everything
but my blood, and I suspect she
stopped there because I wasn’t her
type. Ah, what fond recollections
. . . Well now! Back to the movies!
Also showing is InvaSion of the
Saucer Men (who are probably look-
ing for the WPTR Green Girisr.

RITZ

The Joker is Wild with Frank Si-
natra, Mitzi Gaynor and Jeanne
Crain. My humble apologies to all
the readers who enjoyed this picture
and did not conceal from me their
irritation for my supposed panning
of the movie. To these people I say:
at the time I wrote the review I
had the ﬂu and nothing, not even
my reflection looked good to me.
(My middle name is Narcissus.)
Along with this magniﬁcent, inspir-
ing movie is The Colditz Story.

STRAND

Slaughter on 10th Ave. with Rich-
ard Egan. Jan Sterling, Dan Duryea
and Julie Adams. “The factual
story of N. Y.‘s savage waterfront
wars!"  . . and how one man chal-
lenged the lawless rackets, how
ruthless mobsters joined to break
him . . . how others by courage, by
love, by sacriﬁce helped him to
smash the brutal, violent code of the
docks!" (A regular how-to-do-it-
yourself movie.)

DELAWARE

La Strada with Anthony Quinn.
Guilictta Masina and Richard Base-
hart is headed for a second wcck's'
run. Highly praised by virtually all
who have seen it.

MADISON

Bachelor Party with Don Murray.
A pretty good picture about a
iniXed-up husband and his inevit—
able return to his mate. Also show—
ing is Happy ltoad with Harry llcla-
fonte

Draper 3-H!

Good News. A musical with many
good songs, and anyway, you can
hardly go wrong for $.25. All you
cheapskatcsf Here's your chalice to
take your girls to a mom: and show
her that whcrc she's concerned,
money int-ans nothing!

 

'Today
Last Day
for
Campus Chest
Contributions

 

 

 

 

Stop rumors. Stop ﬂu. This is a time for cooperation
on the part of the student body. Rumors that we’re on
social quarantine are ﬂying, and we’ve heard tales that
the college was going to close its doors on Monday, Wednes-
day ,and today. Well, the college is still “business as usual.”

Stop ruining our fun. Make no rash statements con-
cerning the weekend’s social activities. If the administra-
tion suspends our activities, you can be sure you’ll be in-
formed in advance. We feel that there would have been
many more statesmen at the Activities Night skit if rumors
of its cancellation hadn’t been so widely circulated.

Close the college? It’s a ridiculous suggestion at this
time. What better place is there for the people who aren’t
sick—and that’s the vast majority of students. What sense
does it make to close the school one week, only to return
and ﬁnd that you have more flu cases?

Stop spreading germs. If you’re sick in a dorm, stay
in your room. What’s the sense of staying out of school?
You can spread the illness just as easily in a dorm as you
can in the college.

Cooperation—a key word at a time like this.

Foot In Cement. . .

Doris Day, Peter Lawford, Judy Garland, Fernandel.
Quite a list, isn’t it? An academy award to the folks re-
sponsible for bringing them to State. Of course, they’re
here on ﬁlm, but you see them at their best.

The International Film Group, and the State College
Film Group have easily captured the number one rung on
our crowded ladder of activities. Saturday and Thursday
are ﬁlm days for this college, and these groups deserve
your support—your continued support. See you at the
little theater off the third floor corridor of Draper.

Dance With Me, Henry . . .

Big name bands—big name bands. For years on end
a battle has ensued over the desire for big name bands.
Attract more takers, boost the prestige of Albany State,
revive interest. These have been set forth as answers to
the whys.

Progress was made. Since 1955 such names as Elliot
Lawrence and LeRoy Holmes have displayed their talents
at our college formals. Not a bad record; and certainly a
ﬁne start. We expected more this year, next year, and the
years to come. But, we got too far ahead of ourselves. We
have no complaints about Skitch Henderson for the Junior
Prom. Gosh sakes, who could complain? But, it is not
so for Winterlude. We expected a big name, we wanted a
big name, but we didn’t get it. Instead, we settle for some
unknown group that a company decided was good. They
just may be ﬁne musicians, but who knows? Records sound
great, so do publicity sheets, but what about the band?
We have never heard of them, you have never heard of
them, and even the council members have never heard of
them.

Well, we can always look at it this way. If we can't
dance, surely we can sit down and listen. Oh, think back
nOW—remember those high school after the game affairs——
the ones with the nice straight back chairs lined around
the walls of the gym. Yeh, that’s right—no tables, or any-
thing—just chairs, chairs and more chairsz—hmmm, they're
back in vogue. You don’t believe us? We are crushed . . .
absolutely, completely and utterly devastated. But just
for the kicks, try one of these chairs out, balance your re-
freshments on your knees, al‘tcrwhile the band won‘t even
fare you . . . you’ll be dancing like you never danced before.
Anyhow, there is a Wintcrlude this year.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESI’ABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF IQIB

 

First “liter: CSPA Second Place A(.‘P

VHIi Xiiii ()t Loin-r 2."). liifi'] Ni) ii)

Moii'liiv uiill Wciiicsdiiy from 'I In

Melliimis oi 1hr NEth slulI may he icncln'ii
I’iIUlll‘s licttinci lib-lint

ll p in and 'luv-sda‘. from 11 In 03 pm ill 15111.1(), 1‘in
Blank 2-9870, Hitchcock 2 '10:“), Kuiiiph 2 Uli'll)

'I'ho undergraduatr newspaper of the Ncw Yoik titan: (‘ollcgc for 'l‘caclwrs.
published every Friday of this College year by the Nlt‘WB lioord for the Student
“limitation

MAINE l)i';'l"l‘Mhlt < > ~ - 4 - « - - r (Jovl‘ldllor-ln-Chicf
JOSEI‘II SZAILL‘K » - - - - - - - — (Jo—Ediior-in—Chief
ANN IIITIJIIITOCK ' - > - Dunlnrss Advertising Editor
MAuLENIa‘ ACKEILMAN Anociute Editor
MARY FI'I'ZI'A'I‘ILICK Associate Editor
ARTHUR I'LO'I‘NIK Feature Editor
“REIT KAMI‘I" - a Sports Editor
GRACE I‘LNUI‘JI.» - r - -.‘ (Firr'ululiuii-I‘Lxrzliullge Editor
I'IIO'I'OOIIAI'III' r - Static (Tollrge I'hoio Srrvlcc

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NHWB “homes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in Its columns or communications, or such expresbiollb do not

necessarily reflect its view
W'

 

 

 

“He did nothing in particular, and did it very well."—
W. S. Gilbert

FELICI’I‘ATIONES FROSH

Well, the f‘i'osh made a ﬁne comeback, even though they didn't win.
Between the two classes, language majors had a dandy time, though
they were a little disappointed with the Sanscript missing.

It's really too bad that we couldn't see scome actual debate on the
college level, instead of the current childplay. Someone who had never
seen a debate might have learned something, or was that too much to ask?

AI’I’LAUSE

I There is at least one successful activity on campus. It's International
Film Group‘and the new ﬁlm presentations it sponsors. Last year we
wondered if it would be succeszul. Draper 349 has been packed! Congrats!

INTER SANC’I‘UM

What's the matter with IFC-ISC this year? Railroad is the present
means of communication. when they chose the band they didn‘t even
know how many pieces it had. And . . . a relatively nameless band for
the price of Skitch Henderson! And~no tables; chairs lining the wall
of the dance floor. Oh Well! —Anyone for a Jr. High Prom?!’

REAR GUARD

What we need are leaders who will lead. We approved a represent—
ative governinan last year. Very few of these representatives have taken
the time to find out what their job is, or who they are representing and
how. And most of their constituents aren't much better off. Muvbt- sonic
of our traditions are going ottt of style. Take a look at sonic other col-
logos and their studenl governments. They put us to shame.

I’LAY! MAES’I‘RO!
Another week, another dance!
No more bruised shins
Soc Hop thero‘ll be fun.
Bet we have a ball!

ALL RIGHT ALREADY

Now that all the frcshincn have mudc tiicii' choices cxira-curricular—
wise, wc hopc they'll really work for thc organizations. SMILES is onc
in particular that had :1 good, hard Jul) to do, but only a fcw good '11
hardworking pcoplc to do it. If all thc frosh, who signed up to help them.
would do lhcir part. it would take the wcighl off a low individuals
shoulders. chcrul .sli',.‘,('slilills for Activities chk huvc Ill'i‘ll nmdc (pic
that pleases us: to have one big (izlll("‘ with booth». for cuch activity
around thc duncc floor; nnolhcr: to combine it with All Collci'c itl'i‘ci);
tion wcll hcrc are sonic sli.,'gcstioiis!!??? 3

But this onc's bound to be different.
unless somebody cheats. At the Cominutcrs'
dancing, prizes and ('(JliLCSl/Si but no shocs!

YOI', 'I‘OO, (‘AN ()0le

Wc did it we mean they did if. (hu'cln‘s I’cds canic back to bcxd
Pluttslnirg._ l‘hcy'vc startcd now so watch liif'll’ dust and whcn we
say watch it we really inian get out to IIH' games. (.‘oinc on, huh?

'.’ ()l" ’l‘lIlC WICICK
thi'c arc iiu' indiuns‘?

College Calendar

I"I{IDA Y, O("I'OI$I'.'I€ $35

 

 

1'00 pin iIH'lillil‘) n‘ing and luppinu, oi ncw Myskziniu incnibcr l’znxc
In I I
0-1:! pm Hi.‘ llop, lhubuchcr Iinung liull

SA’I‘I'IKDAI’. OCTOBER 26
ii 00 pin. lii'ubuchci' llull l"oi‘nml. l.o\\(i' I.ouiigc
liiglc ltooni. V

l'ici'rc llull Formal.

Sl'NDAY, ()("l‘iilililt :37
7 00 pin. News Iitiiil'd Mocting,
aoo pin. Wcslininsn-r Student

Ici'ian (.‘luu‘cli,
i’:ii'ihii iiuii.

l’iibilcuiioiis ()lli('(‘
i"cliowsiilp Nil-cling.
(Juntcrlnii'y (flub Mccling.

Madison l'i'csby-
Saint Andrews

'l'l‘liis‘DAY. ()("l‘ulilu'lt :39

15:00 pm. ()iul IllLt‘l'lJi'CIiiilUll Program, Draper 319

WEDNESDAY, ()("l'OBICII :10

ii'liU-fipin. i‘Mi’lilli oi Politics’ licccption for ion-ign sludcnis on campus.
lirubachcr Upper Lounge,

4:00 pm. SMlth’S Meeting, Drapcr 211

'l'llllltb‘DAY, OCTOBER 31
7 iii) pin. Commerce Club Party, lii'ubachcr Hall Dining itooiii

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 25. 1597

PAGE 3

 

 

71w 0pm Mimi

 

By ART PLOTNIK

Too many people enjoyed last
week's column. This is intolerable,
since I write these columns to an-
tagonize, not to pease. Thus,
naughty readers, I switch from a
blood-soaked attack on Albany to a
drier, more sophisticated script,
therein employing many of my
time—worn topics in a scant bur-
lesque of Shakespeare‘s word play.

SCENE: Cheapside Street, which
in 1680 was most truthfully today's
Green Street. However, the time is
the present, and two students are
speaking on current affairs. . . .

STUDENT ONE: Did we not nick
the Sputnik plot in the nick of time?

STUDENT TWO: Pray. speak not
of Sputnik, nor oi any nik. for the
sputterings of Plotnik reach every

“News” Lists
Penalties For

'61 Offenders

Warnings, after the ﬁrst one, giv—
en for violations of tradition have
the following penalties: Second
Warning: The name of the offender
is published in State College News.
Third Warning: The offender must
apologize before the Sophomore
class. Fourth Warning: The offen-
der may no longer participate in any
Rivalry activities. Fifth Warning:
The offender is automatically ex-
pclled from office and is ineligible
to run for any office during his
freshman year.

Claudia Allcock '59, Commissioner
of Traditions. announces that the
following freshmen have received
warnings:

’I‘wo Warnings

Carol Engles, Frank Fallacli, Bar-

bara Gladyspiewicz, Barbara Green-

ﬁeld, Larry Gundermnn, Susan
James, Fran Pooliga, June Perry,
Barbara Smith, Richard Bailey.

Robert Congcmi, Elizabeth Honigan,
Fred Williams.
’l‘hree Warnings

Ethel Santupe, Jaincs Daugherty,
Peter Haley, John Johnson, Doris
Wagner, Jim Warner.
Four Warnings

Doii Donovon.
Five Warnings

Martin Burko, Mary
Steve Mason, Joel Nadcl.

Church Clubs

Sla’re Events

A discussion on llltt‘gl‘utltili and
.in or an recital highlight the
\(cckly ii('l.1\ll.t‘s‘ of [Wu of the reli-
cious clubs on campus.
Westminster Student li'e'lowsliip

'lhc Wcsiininstcr Studcnt li‘clloww
ship will hold a regular iiiccliiig
this Sunday at Pierce Hall at 7.30
piii., unnounccs lVlui'gari-i Carr "fill.
l’rcsidcnt There will he a discus-
sion of h‘olliin-i‘n lllil.‘_’,l';lllllli
('nnii-rbury ('Iub

Edward llrodcrick '59, l’i‘nsidciu
o1 Canterbury Club, announccs lliu‘.
llic vim-lily int-cling will be hcld ul
Hullil. Andrcw‘s I’ill‘lh'ii llousc on thc
f‘Iillli‘l' o! Main and Wcslci'n Aw-
l in. at 7:30 pm Sunday cvcning.

'lhc iiiccting will lcaiturc an or-
guh i'('('ilul by (‘hui‘lcs Moosc. ii
sliidcnl ni I‘Ulhfidlii Static 'lcucli-
i-i's (.‘ollcgc This will hc loilowcd
1y an lxllidlllillnil on llu- |.l‘llii'l|)i(‘
In Which ll pipc oigun opci'ulcs,

Buckholtz,

 

niche, and plot my end in scarce a
nickei's years.

I: Well said. But hold —
comes?

II: ’Tis the doctor . . . ’tis said
that Flemish flu now rages past
al Asian stages . . . what news, doc-
tor?

DOCTOR: Beware the flames of
Flemish flu my lads. for Flemish
f.u brings fluish phlegm, that long
before the flu has flown will frame
the name of Albany with funeral
flowers.

I: (Aside) The fiew has flown?
What nonsense speaks this fool,
that knows not his i‘lee's from his
fly's?

DOCTOR: 'Tis said that fleas and
flies are carriers of flu, and with
their fleet flight remain impossible
to flatten.

I: Perdie, this mome! This capon!
This schmook!

DOCTOR: How now, sirrah! I'll
to Savles to shoe the flu if whim—
sy here is wisdom's welcome. (Exit

who

COLLOID
I: You are a muddy man. sir. Fare
5%.! well.

II: You insut a good man, Stu-
dent One. I am for you . . , draw!

I: Churl! I'll not draw wrtnout a
pencil!

II: Then draw thv sword!

I: I've none!

II: Then draw two beers.

I: Hedrick's?

II: Please.

(Student Onc draws gun unload,
shoots Two:

II: I can hurt. Ali. villain! Slain
by an anachronism! A plague 0' both
your dorms! (dies1

I: If we shadows have offended,

Read no more, and all is mended.
(Luckily, the script has ended.»

Sfafesmen Selecl

New Members

Karl Peterson, Associate Professor
of Murlc and Faculty Advisor to the
Statt‘smcn, announces that ten new
members have been selected for the
all-male vocal group.

’1 on Selected

’Ihosc sclccicd as a result of re-
(l‘l.l tryouts are: Tciior Section,
Ilowai'd Caldwell  Donald Donato
lioward Caldwell  Donald Dona-
to, Peter Haley. Richard Robinson.

frcshincn: Baritone Section, Jack
Andt‘rson and Donald licinfurt,
b()1.ii()llll)l'('S; Bass Section, Albert

Clui'kc 'o'U. Duunc Bui‘tlctt, Donald
1 )opninn, and Ronald Orr, fresh-
incn.
’l'wo Performances Scheduled

’l‘hc Sluicsnicn have ah‘cudy been
.schc. ulcd for two performances on
«(.‘on/oim'd on Pug/c (i, Coiumn5/

Business Education
Clubs Slate Party

[’1 ()llll’Liil Pi and the (‘oiiiincrcc
(‘lub iil't' ,ioiiilly holding a Hallow-
ccn l’arly ior lhc Busiiicss Educa--
tion licpui‘lnicnl of State Collcgc,
'l‘hursduy at 7.30 p.in., uiiouiiccs
Shirley l«)ldi'(~d. l’rograni Ciiilll‘lllilll.
it “Hi lukc plucc in thc main dining
IlilIIl iii lii'obaclicr Hull
(fut-sis of Honor

l“rc.-hincn oi the Business Educa-
tion licpui'lincnl will hr the guests
oi honor (innit-s. dancing, and re—
Ircshnicnls \\lii bc Ihc lcului'cs of
lii(' cvciun; All liusincss Education
lliiljnl's, cspccmlly lrcsluncn, ai'c lll-
\ucd.

MAYFLOWER

209 CENTRAL AVE.

SI‘IA FOODS, S'I‘I‘IAKS, AND CIIOI’S
'I‘AS’I‘Y 'l‘Itll’LI‘I DECKER CLUB SANDWICHES
I’II‘IS & CAKES, FOUNTAIN SPECIALS

Open Sundays at 4 o’clock

 

Student Describes Deveiopment

La Salle School, located on West-
ern and Partridge Avenues in Al-
bany, was opened in August, 1854,
by Bishop McCloskey. Because of a
cholera epidemic that swept through
this section of the state. many chil-
dren were left homeless. A Christian
Brother of Canada. Brother Jeremy,
took charge of the institution, giv—
ing it the name of St. Vincent's
Orphan Asylum. He used for his
asylum a three-story brick building
which had been intended as a sein-
inary.

The ﬁrst years were difﬁcult ones.
To secure needed income, the sec-
ond director, Brother Urban, started
a pay school and eighty students
were enrolled. In 1862 this school
which was the forerunner of Chris-

    

y LOIS JOHNSON

tian Brothers Academy, was trans-
ferred to Lydius Street. Brother Ur-
ban became its ﬁrst director. Broth-
er Victurnian succeeded him at the
asylum and struggled through the
Civil War period. Brother Amphion,
was the next director and was an-
thorized by the Bishop to make a
house collection for a building to
accommodate the increased number
of boys. Several years later, a new
building containing a chapel. din-
ing room, kitchen. bakery, and dor-
mitories was ready for ocupancy on
May 15. 1900.

In 1903 Brother Alfred was ap-
pointed director. He erected a third
building in 1908 which consisted of
a basement. a gymnasium, tailor
shop, shoe shop, class rooms, a large

Photo by Don Milne

Boys from LaSalle School participate in a little unorganized activity.

OI LaSaIIe §chooi In Aibany

auditorium with a capacity of 500
persons and a stage fully equipped
with scenery and lights.

In 1911 Brother Emery Aloysius
became director of the school. In
1913 the four-story brick building
for class rooms, dormitory and vo-
cational training was completed.
Brother Aloysius continued to work
hard and the erection of the new
kitchen and working boys home was
started in 1916.

Brother Alpian Robert followed
Brother Aloysius. During his direc-
torship the original name of St.
Vincent's Male Orphan Asylum was
changed to LaSalle School. This
change was proper since by this
time more than half the boys were
not orphans. Brother Robert also
pioneered in taking the boys to
camp for two weeks on the country
estate of the late Mr. Feeney in the
Heldei'bergs. Today the boys spend
the whole summer at their own East
Schodack Camp.

In 1924 Brother Cleophis became
the director. LaSalle started to
share in the fund contributed by
the Albany Community Chest.

Since Brother Cleaphas, such men
as Brother Walter. Brother Charles
Austin, Brother Patrick, Brother
Bernard, and Brother Mark have
guided LaSalle in the adapting of
its program and its resources to con-
stantly changing social conditions.

Today, Brother Mathew is direc-
tor of LaSalle. Under his director-
ship and with the money granted
to him from the Bishop’s fund, a
new residence for the Brothers, re-
novation of present buildings. and a
central heating system for LaSalle
school are practically ﬁnished. The
renovations consist of changing over
the gym to a modern school build-
ing. The addition of the Brothers'
residence allows for space for the
(Continued on Page 6, (70121an

 

We Buy All Old Used Books

 

 

___._....-.-__-.._. __- *
Happy Hallowe’en Haunting

 

*

O-OP

 

All Ipswich Nylons Must
Go -—-— pair 65c 2 pair $1.00

 

 

 

 

  

