   
    

 

i
l

  
 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER I3.

 

l957

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

HoHoHo...

Santa Claus is coming to Sayles. Tomor-
row afternoon, the red—garbed gentleman
will plunge down the chimney of the dorm
and land in the lower lounge, where he will
be greeted by the special guests of the men
of’Sayles, thirty-six orphans from Saint
Catherine’s Home.

Frequently here at State, we get too in-
volved in our own social “whirl” at Christ—
mas time to think of the deeper meaning
of Christmas. Our Christmas parties and
songfests keep us occupied from the day we
return from Thanksgiving recess until that
last class before we leave for the holidays.

The men of Sayles are to be congratu-
lated for making the holiday season here
just a little more than it usually is. It's a
ﬁne idea. Next year, let‘s expand on it~~
there are quite a few dormitories on cam—
pus, and many, many kids in the Albany
area worthy of just a little more than they
would normally get at Christmas.

We have only one question: Who is going
to have more fun at tomorrow’s party?

free theater passes to ten State

1) I'lotnik’s piano is not far

ii

v

7) Laboratory with a

iii (‘aie winds, when wilt tiioii lilovi'.’

Third lioor Draper has a place where

it)
01 The board t
10) To the library please. to catch a few “Z'i.

HaHaHa...

The student apathy bugles were blowing
again at the Rivalry meeting Wednesday
evening. We regret your absence for one
major reason, the State College News re-
ceived its blast along with traditions, Ri-
valry, and school spirit. In order to reafﬁrm
and clarify the purpose and policy of the
News we offer this short epistle.

The paper has not been created to serve
the whims of any one organization or fea-
ture of State College life. Our purpose is
to give the students and faculty of this
college a newspaper which presents them
with the latest news which is of interest
to them. This necessitates the featuring
of all major activities—giving each equal
and fair treatment. Rivalry was no excep-
tion. It received a full page picture spread
in our first issue for the semester, another
picture feature as it progressed. and the
front page lead at its culmination. No—
Rivalry did not get a story every week for
one simple reason—there was no news to
print. We can not print the news if we do
not receive it.

We thank our kind critics for handing
us such profound influence, but we regret
that we are unable to assume the respons1—
bility for the failure of Rivalry or any
event, for that matter.

SCAVENGER HUNT

The STATE COLLEGE NEWS and the Delaware Theater will award
College students who find the Pass
Cards hidden (in obvious places) on the college campus. The contest
opens NOW, and will continue until all the l'ree passes have been
issued. So, start looking now, and return the Pass Cards to any STATE
COLLEGE NEWS Board member. One pass to a student.

(ILUES

These clues will aid you in finding the ’ass Cards

It On Wisdom’s lofty spear. are scriptures valued dear.

t5) Willi "turtle" rhymes “iiiyteria” when in the cafeteria.

’l‘liou liolii‘st a valued prize I know.

from a burning lucky star.
5) It’s not the Holy Grail that's tacked beneath "the rail."

Search there for art. and find only a tart.

“v” should be a male discovery.

good Minerva once did pace.

hat bores so many is healthier than any.

.i.

Coming Attractions at the Delaware Theater:
DECEMBER 20 “THE GREEN MAN”
Soon “Lost Continent”
Soon “The Ited Balloon”

 

 

 

Gammon-Staten

“Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it."—I5uckle

WISH-WASH

Thank goodness! for several things. Like this:

Thank goodness we shortened rushing!

Thank goodness it's almost over!

Thank goodness all of the sororities have been good girls!

Thank goodness Formal dinner is only four hours long and too bad
the Conflict Parties Weren't only three hours long! In every way. it, has
gone very well and very quickly. even with the delay because of \:l('li'
tion. As Seniors. we have a right to bequeath something and there is
one thing we'd like to leave to posterity. "Best of luck with rushing
all you (Jlizirlie Browns."

STILL CLEANING AT 13:30. WIIY‘.’
AND AWAY WE GO!

Now. your ideas are valuable. Wednesday was the gicat awakening
Perhaps the committee will find a new plan for ltiiiilry that. will de-
velop leaders in the freshman (hiss. i'u!ll(‘l' than eliminate llll‘ "cream
of the crop.‘ chp your eyes and cars t.'])t‘ll. We may see something
worthwhile yci Some people claim this \‘.l1olc thing is it waste of llllll‘
but ii little persci‘eriiiicc and brains might provc very worthwhile in
such ii dcsperiiic sithilion.

I.B.M.‘.’

We wouldnt be :iirprised ii there were hordes still registering. Oh
for some lresh air and fresh ideas. Why must we continually light thohi'
lines. and put up with the Infernal Busy Mess?

May we suggest :l slight glance ill some other colleges? Yes, llit‘
grass looks ;.',l't’t‘llt‘l‘~wli sure does! The (ollcges around us l't‘glflt‘l‘ 111
one day. Advisors check the requirements before the actual rush begins
Why can't. we use the gym or some other large area tour iieldhousci
and keep the line moving? One day, twenty minutes it person. Why
not? Look at Union, Siciia. RPI. Yale, ite.

STILL CLEANING AT 33:30. WHY?

'I‘() WIIOM IT MAY CONCERN
Aside to DK:

Thank you for your reply to a question of the week. It's the only
one we‘ve ever received.

Sit. M DF.
EVER ONWARD MEN!

l-looray! Up they risetlil Who wouldsi think it’.’ 'I‘wicc hath ihc)
victorious been! Sectli their hoops as they billllt' their way throw:it
the subterranean caverns. Foi'sooth! I“Iil' this weekend they li‘ziH‘lli
to continue crusading. But fear not. For next week they shall re"
turnetli let us all there be!

STILL (‘LI‘JANING AT 13:30. WIIY'.’
lthlI'l‘ NO’I‘lﬁ (HANG!

’I‘wciity-iwo competitors this year ‘.\lll do their utmost Sunday to
walk away with the SCA Sing (.‘up. It‘s il lot of inn and u lot of suspense
not to mention all the hard work that comes iii-lore. iii-st. of luck to
everyone.

'.’ OF TIME Wlilvlli

Silent jit'l'iiitl')

Iti'hjit‘i‘llllllt hillillllllt'tl.
'l'wo tiri-ii people

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. I)Ii(‘lil\llil£lt ii:

'I lit) pill ll“(i I’I't‘hl‘llliilltill, ' Miracle on Ci-lili Hliccl,'l)i';ipc1 fill! I.'\i:io
at tl.-l0 pm:

9.00 pm Alpha l'l Alpha I"Iil'lliiil Hush l‘airiy liiiibacliii [many “will

SA’I‘I'IULH’, Dl‘lt‘lCMISi'llt H

7 00 p in Sorority I"Ol'llllil liinnci‘s.

Sl‘NDAY, lil'l(‘I£l\IItI'.'It l5

2 Iii) pin. (flianning (Ilub Melting, Unitarian (,‘hnrch.

MONDAY, DICt‘I‘ZMISEIt 10

3.00 pm. h'ludciils Organization oi New York Hiate 'l'i-.iclii-is Amocii
lion Meeting, Draper 111

'I‘I'I‘ISIiAY. I)l€(‘llMlSla‘lt 17

0.4.") j).ill. Basketball (iiilillf, ()iieoiil.i is Albany. l‘iigc (iyni.

WEDNESDAY, Dl‘lt‘lillylltlilt iii

7:250 p.iii. (.‘hi-inicul Society Meeting, llusted zoo

but) p.iii ()ial Interpretation Program, Draper 349.

'I‘IlllltHDAY, DECEMBER 10

6'45) pin Basketball (iiinie, Platlsbingh vs. Albany, Page Gym

'1 (iii pm. [Hi l‘rcseiitat.ioii, “Children oi l’iii'iidisc,” Draper 340.

 

 

~¥itl§kl£yiuv I

 

 

 

  

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 13. 1957

Girl Scholar Cbmes To State; Student Suggests Assistants To

3.0. Finishes Social Whirl

ny DAVE GOODMAN

Way upstate where Mukluc and
Mounty Countries meet there is a
little town called backward by some
and Ynabla by the inhabitants. A
sky girl lived there. There is little
social life there: the only dances
were held between the engines at
the firehouse. Even these stopped
when the firehouse was burned
down. Of this girl's graduating class
of four, two married each other and
the anti-social third was arrested
for carrying the torch. (He carried
it to the firehouse's wall.) So she
won the town's scholarship. Know-
ing she was going to Albany, she
hitched up her dogsled and mushed
her way to the nearest 2-horse
town, took Arthur Murray lessons.
and traded in her Puritan attire for
modern shoes, skirts, and tight
sweaters.

At the some time. General Mo-
tors at the State Library was sit-
ting Budhii—leggcd on the basement
floor. In jigsaw puzzle fashion he
was iiiiishiiig putting the Shagnasty
back together again Bob Oscar
Wolf tcalled B.O. Wolf by his pals)
entered with an open bunk book.
"Mr. Motors. sir. I've been reading
in the News about your Ivy league
car; and since I‘m the richest and
gnubbicst MBOC. I want it." The
general sold it to him in ten year in—
stallments so the tax wou‘d be less.

ally/Lt Each '

Highly diversified are the athletic
endeavors of our vigorous physical
students. The latest sport however.
is one of the most exciting in the
history of party games and social
dancing.

"Frisbee." or the "Flying Saucer”
gami- invaded the campus about
two weeks ago, led by Paul "l“lippo“

The sport involves .i plastic saucer
the size of ii dinner plate. Below is a
play by play description oi a recent
match in lllt' commons:

Paul Erickson winds up . . throws

. it's ii ‘iciiutil'ul ihght . . smooth
. graceful! 'l‘licrc's ltod Hart
waiting to catch it. and oops! Al
I.t‘\‘llll‘ just walked in the door and
caught it on the forehead. Al throws
next . . . no. Al! Throw the Frisbee,
not Erickson! 'l‘hcre's Erickson 71
mean the Frisbee gliding smoothly
. .il bciiiii! Curving . . .curving . ..
(iii! Nice shot right in the "0"
mailbox oil .Jiick ()rnisbce‘s liciid!

 

.lack picks up the Frisbee . . . winds
up .. throws! A long slioi .,. very
long oiil the window going

still gonw . llooriiy! Jackiuk
the first Aineiican satellite!

Now the stage is set. Last week
after the Maritime game. the Wolf
wanted a Merrytlme. At the dance.
he noticed her. (His frat brothers
call him Bufferln because he acts
twice as first.) He thought her a
pushover until he saw her red
sweater then he called her ii pull-
over A portrait of a slick upper-
clnssmmi in his vicuna and woven
money suit. and his ultra-collegiate
shirt (it had toggles on the collar
instead of buttons.) he stroked his
Co-Op Parker 21-thln moustache
and introduced himself to her. They
tangoed for 83 seconds ieven though
the band was playing ii lindyi then
left. To make this modern Red-
Riding Hood story complete, he
asked her to visit his sick grand-
mother's house just the other side
of Washington Park. She'd never
seen ii car before and on seeing the
Sling, she had to go for a ride. She
fluttered her eyelash and said. “In
your soft green suit you are a saint.
Do you mind if I call you St.
Green?" He nodded innocently. As
is to be imagined. he ran out of
gas ‘3 half way through the park.
He shrugged and slid over to her.
Just then. as all clocks were striking
12. the patched-up auto unable to
stand the extra vibration of his mov-
ing over. collapsed. dropping them
both to the street. She said. “Why
this is like Cinderella in reverse."
Hc tofd her it was more like a Sling—
iiiisiy in neutral. She walked home.

MORAL: For the desired happy
cllcct. 2i good stoi'ytcllci' like a good
drinker should never mix his fairy
tales.

APA Holds
Formal Party

This evening at S) p.m.. Briibacher
liming Room will be converted into
"Santa's Hideaway.” Alpliu Pi Al—
phii's formal rush party
(‘ommittee (‘Iiuirnian

Under the general cliiiii'nmiisliip
oi Wlllllllll Bird ‘59, Social Chair-
man. these committees and their
chriirincn have lli’l‘ll appointed: En-
tertainment. Thomas lioppcy. Grad»
uate Student; Decorations. .loliii
Yager '59; Invitations, Neil Jurinski
‘60; Chaperones. Paul Hooker '60;
Flowers, Edward Jones '58: Seating.
Michael Newman '59; Rcii'cslinieiits.
.Jniiics Foster '59 and William Bon-
iiey '6”. Henry 'l‘organ and his band
will provide it musical background
for ii general (‘hrisimas theme. All
girls :iliendiiig will have 3 am. hours
and the silent period ban will bc
lilll‘tl ior iliis event

 

 

College man’s
best friend

 

MAYFLOWER

l 20$) CENTRAL AVE.

lli'tili Hil'li DINING PLEASURE

()I’I‘IN SUNDAYS AT 1 ()‘CLUCK

 

PAGE 3

Lessen Professor's Clerical Work

By SHEILA MON/“IAN

Lectures can be interesting. stim-
ulating and enjoyable. This was
proved last Friday in assembly by
Dr. Hans Kohn. Doctor Kohn's ges-
tures. his illustrations. and most
important, his enthusiasm, were
greatly appreciated by the major-
ity of those who attended his talk.

The prime question which seemed
to be discussed after the assembly
was “why aren’t more of our classes
iike that?" Granted, much of Dr,
Kohn's enthusiasm rests in a dyna-
mic personality, but much I feel
rests also in preparation.

We Learn . . .

We learn in Education Methods
and in practice teaching that stim-
ulation for the student is mainly
achieved by the teacher's prepara-
tion of the class lesson.

I do not assume that all subjects

 

It’s not
too late!

your selection

CHRISTMAS
CARDS

custom

can be enjoyed equally Well by
all students nor that learning can
be accomplished merely through a
dynamic presentation of materials.
But I do believe that. any subject
field can be interesting and that a
student can much more see the im-
portance and benefits of knowledge
within any subject field if he is
interested in it.

The first place to develop such
interest is in the classroom through
an enthusiastic presentation jiist as
it is the first place that interest
can be caused to wane.

Busy Work

I run quite sure that many stu-
dents who have completed their
practice teaching will agree that a
major portion of time is devoted to
clerical and secretarial work which.
of course, leaves less time to spend
preparing an interesting class dis-
cussion and subject motivation.

(we 1,.n ...,.

‘ 4‘" ‘ V3313 ‘-¢';f$~
3:;- a“ L. -;. ,.
«egz-cf’k‘a: $514!" r’w '

+;" -
\

hand-imprinted

with your name

 

FULL SELECTION

of

Wrapping Paper -:- Ribbon  Cords -.'- Gifts

at the State College CO-OP

I believe this is true in our col-
lege courses also. Certainfy our
professors and instructors have the
training and ability to create in us
the desire to learn. and to gain
the benefits of learning-not just
to gain a mark. But our instructors,
too, become bogged down in cleri-
cal work.

Student Assistants

Perhaps this could be remedied
by providing for upperclass or grad-
uate student assistants to help in
such areas as filing. recording, get-
ting reference materials, registra-
tions, etc.

I‘m sure that many students
would be willing to assist. for
the work would increase their
knowledge of the profession they are
about to enter. It would a‘so bene-
i'it us because by giving the in-
structor more tliiie to create this
inspiration I have spoken of.

 

N

 

 .

 
 
  
  
  

New York t it) S -l.l:'i
5‘"

itoston .i.i

" ‘-  \iloiitreal "I.l."i

iinll'aio 7.30
Washington. D. (‘. l0.ti.'i

lt’s such a comfort to take the bus. . . and /ea vs the dr/v/ng to (18/

N

you SAVE TIME A ‘D MONEY WHEN YOU GO BY GREYHOUND

Syracuse 5 3.75
Haraiiac Lake 5.00
Miami 3210
l‘liicago 750.85
Los Angeles iil.70

All prices plus tax

GREYHOUND“.-

 

