 

.. — Marawmi- . .

 

  
 
  

 

 
 

PAGE 6

Peds rop Pair

Sauers Plans Lineup Switch As

    

a
\\‘ wws‘éik‘wr
“Haw-v.» {5

HIGH BALL. Bob Devlin of State checks his swing as the bail comes
too high. Action came in the second game of Wednesday’s doubleheader
against Hartwick.

 

Kampf Komments:

 

Summation
By Creation

With all due apologies to the Parker, Dan,

The attempt will be made to write a column like that man.
Seems he pens his words in verse now and then

To give the summaries of activities and men.

In this attempt we will strive to show

.How the year ’56-‘57 did its come and go.

Back in the early days of Frosh Camp time,

The Frosh lost to the faculty, man, what a crime.

This was the start of a year of sport plans,

Blemished with the decomposition of the AMIA clan.

When the President, Ross, moved out of State,

The organization of AMIA met its fate.

It didn’t go to the lowest depths in its fall,

But it did lack a tournament in volleyball.

Weather halte dthe racket sport of tennis,

But there’s little that can be done about that menace.

The boys from EEP made a pigskin sweep.

Beat SLS by two and APA by more to make them weep.

Led by passing, running, signal calling, Brierly,

The Pottermen went undefeated spectacularly.

The Humps were there also with hats, bare feet and antics.

To add glamour to the sport and be termed, “panics.”

With the coming of snow and the winter cold

The indoor sport of hoop took its hold.

Somewhat disorganized and not up to par.

The leagues still maintained the services of Lew Carr

Once more the men of Potter came out on top

With Sandy and Tito helping them cop.

The most enlivening function was held at Rice

Where the bowling leagues did much more than just sufﬁce.

Action was good and interest was high,

And oh how Pardee made those pins fly.

With he and Obine, Kempton, Taylor and Bissell too.

The boys from Ridge made the Dusters blue,

Right down to the ﬁnal day, Oakleal’ and his boys were first,

But the Ridgemen made their dreams of ﬁrst place burst.

With the advent of spring, plans were made for diamond
action.

And now on Page and ilevcrwyck runs aren‘t even held
back by traction.

Scores of thirty. or even forty to twrrnty are more typical

Than a pitchcrs‘ duel with the score tied at onevali

Last but not least a tourney in badminton.

Has entered the final round of action.

Thus the year of AMIA is over and done.

Next year they‘ll be led by the bowler. Suih 'an

()n the varsity lcVei they all did well

Fxcept for baseball which is now going like hell

’i‘i‘iey‘rc playing games almost chry day,

Won the first, lost the next. two. and then played away.

Garcia‘s soccer squad had a six-three season,

Carl Maxson, All-American, was one reason.

The wrestling team also titlzicl‘lt’d by Joe

Had a winning season. And did Farrell lose? No!

Tops in record and going to a high extreme

Was Sauers” Holway and company basketball team.

A win over Sierra was gamer sought,

But the Feds couldn't cope with the Armory court

What with all this talk about sports for men,

It seems that I could find something for women.

However, WAA activities were at a low.

And for what lhtre was, BZ took the show.

That is. they took just about all but bowling

And that wont to the Bru, whom we’re landing.

That about sums up the show for sports of all sorts,

But last and not least; let’s keep indoor spotrsii

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY IO. 1957

By DAVE MILLER

Plattsburg will face a revamped Ped lineup today, when it invades Bleecker
Stadium for a three o’clock tussle, as a result of the shakeup planned by Ped Coach
Dick Sauers in an effort to snap the ball club out of its ﬁve game losing streak cul-
minated Wednesday by a double loss to Hartwick on the Victor’s ﬁeld. The Fed coach
did not reveal the exact changes other than to say that he was “disgusted with the per-
formance of the team with the exception of one man” and later that, “we have had
all the bad breaks but they can’t all go thatway. We’re due for some good breaks soon.”

The “one man” to whom Sauers referred is ﬁrst base-
man Jim Doris, a Yonkers Sophomore who has turned in

Sullivan Takes

I M Presidency
In Sma/l Vote

Going along with the election
spirit. AMIA held its annual election
during the past week. Emerging
victorious and leading the officers
in the Association of Men's Intra-
mural Athletics for the year 1957-58
will be Tom Sullivan who was un-
opposed in the election for Presi-
dent.

Serving along with Sullivan will
be Jack Ornisbce as Vice-President.
Joe Ketchum as Secretary. and Joe
Hickey as Treasurer.

Only 176 Votes Cast

There were only 176 ballots cast
in this year's election out of the
entire male undergraduate student
body.

Sullivan has been active in many
AMIA activities and stood out as
one of the outstanding bowlers in
this year's league. Orinsbec is re-
nown in AMIA softball for his
pitching, Bowling was also Ket-
clium's paramount feat. while
Hickey, while participating in many
IM activities, made his mark in
varsity soccer this year.

some great playing in that

position.

Sauers had been putting on the ﬁeld the lineup which
he felt had the most hitting power but the plate potential
has not come through to support a weak pitching staff,
with the result that eighty runs have been given up by

Pair Gains
Tourney Final

Dave Champagne and Bob Kampi’
worked their way into the final
round of the AMIA badminton sin—
gles tournament by taking straight
set victories from their opponents.

Ron Frick and Bob Austin moved
into the quarter-finals of the dou—
bles tournament via a forfeiture.

In the singles tournament. Kampf
took straight sets from Hank Boch—
ning by scores of 15-8. 15-3 to put
him in the finals for the second
straight year.

Identical Scores

Champagne had a more difficult
time with left-handed Arcnd Beli-
rens. but managed to score twice
with tailies of 15-6.

The singles filial between the two
will be played at 7:15 pm. on Mon-
day in the Page Gym. Immediately
following the singles, d o if b 1c s
matches pit Frick and Austin
against Kampf and Boehning and
Dick Shands and Ed Jones against
Pete Barbagelcta and partner.

WAA Schedules Spring
Spree For This Saturday

Nancy Schneider. outgoing Presi-
dent of Woman‘s Athletic Associa-
Lien, announces that the annual
Spring Spree will be held on May
18 this year. The one day outing
that features fun, food. and the in-
stallation of new WAA officers will
again be held at Camp Johnston.

Bilst's. are expected to leave Pierce
Hn'l about 10 ll.ill. on Saturday.
May 18. All girls planning to attend
this trip and planning to sixty over-
night life reminded llini ihcy must

AA Board Slates
Afh/efe Banquet

ihe ..nnu.d Athletic Award Bun—
q‘n-i xiii be held on ciihcr May “ill
or May in ibi your. announces Joe
.s'.|,i»i/o'.iski. (.‘liiitrnnin of Athletic
Adicor. lionrd

Air 'llioinus lfli‘lliil'tlﬁldi. l’rcsi—
eiit oi 'in- lt‘nslcrn iinscbiill l.cugiic.
 c:-.,iiclco to be the lllillll spciiker
.i the :llldll t.’l\l'l| ill honor of Hinic
('tliii‘t‘i‘ .illlll'lt‘

A! ins inne .ll‘~|i outstanding
luirmnurul plain-is and teams will
pic l'llli‘il with their ,iwni’ds
'l.c'e1 for the minor will be on
: do 111' week prior to llil‘ cvciii
Nolii'l'h \tlll ln' poslctl oil AMIA
..ntt WAA bulletin bonds when

pails .tii- s-ontpli'icil

To Hold Hearings

'l‘iic yearly AA iloard hearings on
the iollowing year's proposed uni-r-
collegiate budget are likewise iortlb
coining Notices along with the pro-
posed bndgct will be posted in vari-
ous places around school its soon
as the iloard coinplctcs its work
on it.

'Ihis is the only opportunity that
members of Student Association will
have to question points in the an~
niuil athletic budget.

Any immediate questions on either
the budget or the banquet can in:
:uisWi-rcd by any member of the
Board. They inc tide Joe Swtcrww-
:l'i. Nancy Schneider, .loc Purcell.

Ron Graves. Tom Brierly, and Dr.
Ralph Tibbetts.

receive overnight permission ironi
home. These girls will leave on Fri-
day afternoon. Both groups those
starting out Friday and those leav-
ing Saturday will return to Albany
around 3:30 pm. on Saturday.

One of the outstanding events of
the day will be the awarding of
sports awards. Girls who have crcd-
it in sports for this academic year
are reminded that they must place
their name plus the sports in
which they received credit in Nancy
Schneider‘s mailbox immediately.

'l'hose girls who have i'eeeivcd
hours in hiking and tennis are also
asked to let Nancy know Vlll student
until.

New WAA officers chosen ior the
coming year include .lanci Vorini-Hk
its President and Pitll'il‘lzt (tearing
us Vicc~i’i'csidciit Other officers
are Sully chks. 'i'rensurer. and
lienna llnrris. Secretary

line to it change ill the «.rguni/n-
iiounl scidip of Council this \cur
ihc iicw oi'ticcrs were elected by
the old (‘ouncil members
Hollbzill Schedule

'ilic -i |ilii tutiiics scheduled iot'
next week are Wednesday, May 15).
BY. \‘~ lil'illitli'llt'l'. 'l‘hursday. him
1:; Hl.fill:i i’iu vs Ki)

Graves Heads AA
Board Next Year

iloii (iraiyes has been chosen to
hcitd Athletic Athisory lionrd for
the coming academic year lic Will
succeed Joseph Swicrzowski as
Chairman of the group.

Also clccied to serve on the
Board With (iravcs was lioot Sie-
fuiio us the other Senior member.
'I‘om lli‘icriy Will carry over its the
litsi of the, b‘ciiior lrio.

New Junior numbers Will include.
Bib Kunipi as Secretary and Sally
Weeks. i)r. Ru'ph 'i‘ibbetis will again
serve its ii faculty member and
Merlin Hathaway wtll serve as
Executive Secretary

Ped pitching while batsmen have
accumulated only thirty runs in the
same ﬁrst six games with fourteen
of them coming in the last five. As
it result of this he will sacriﬁce the
non-existent hitting p 0 wer for
prowness in the ﬁeld in an effort
to reduce the average of over six
errors per game.

Miscues have been costly to the
Pods and accounted for two un-
earned runs by which Danbury
eckecl out a ninth inning 4-2 vic-
tory last Friday to put the club
into its present tailspin.

Lose (‘aidweli

The Danbury game was costly to
the overworked mound staff as one
of the stalwarts of the, stall, Howie
Caldwell, broke a bone in his wrist
when hit by a pitch in the last of
the ninth inning with two down.
He is not expected to return this
season.

The day following the loss to Dati-
bury. Sicna buried the club under
ii 10' hit. 17 rim avalanche in ii Mov-
ing-Up Day gaunc to trounce a sac-
ccssioii of Fed pitchers begun by
loser Mario Scalzi by a 17-5 score.

'i'ucsday. Jack Minon. of basketball
lame, went all the way as the Feds
absorbed a 13—1 pounding at the
hands of Oneonta before the double
loss to Hartwick Wednesday.

It is a strong possibility that
Wendell Fowler, a soccer starter for
Joe Garcia's booters last fall, will
start today's game in an outfield
post after a good showing Wednes-
day in his first appearance on the
field. lie grounded out twice. struck
out once. and gained first base on
a fielder's choice in four trips to
the plate.

Mario Scar/i. who pitched the
club to its only win, is expected to
start against Plattsiiurg today. Mill—
«u will make his sczond start io-
nioirow as Utica triIVeis to Albany
for a 1:00 return engagement :tlier
losing to Scalzi and the Sauers tune
by it ill—ll scori- earlier in the st .1-
son,
ifozid (laincs Remain

After the weekend pair at Albany
only liirce home games remain on
the \i'lli‘illilt‘. including it lVIl'liliil‘ldl
[Jay (lilill)ll‘ll(‘;l(l('l' lll Blt‘l‘f'lxl'l' Hm-
tllllli where Union (.‘ollege will pio—
ride the opposition, and it Wednes-
tiny :iliernoon match with New
i’ulix. ’l'he squad goes in ()llf‘lrillll.
l’lnilsburg, and New i’iilix. for re—
turn i-iiiztlgi'itit’llln‘ and makes its
single sizind against Wiliiinzintie
nnd l’otsdiun on ihz- oppoiicnts'
hoinc grounds

Dugout dots: 'loui llricib. ilH‘
up tour hit» in as ninin iliiilllifr iii
the se'ond gaini-

lnsi \\1'l'li':"':ilili‘s

«is! tunnel

l'.irlwtck ZEUS) olil x iii lIl 'J
:llbuny oo1i itiii o -i .l ’.
«2nd gainer
ilairtwick llllll "Jill .\ it 'i i
Albany (too o’io o 7' 13
()iicoiilai ‘Jlill liiii 2150 iii 1:) 1i
Albany lifiil illii (Hit) 1 -l ‘l
l..iiilitll,\ iiiiii (Jill) Hill! l -l l
./\il,iili_V Hill 010 (Nil) 1! ‘J (i
MINA .N‘l'.\l'|

All il |t All it it

VVciHi‘i .i ll Ii Ilil\1‘l 'J \l i
(iii.iil l l " i'clci you i U ii
Mcli) :i :i " ll lll'~lt'lll 2i It 2
I"ilil't'll -i o a .'\Ii(iiiiili a U i
Honcho (5 i ll \iin ‘i U U
()c llyllii 'i i :: limit-y i ii 0
licuilic (i ii 13 lloiis ‘J l U
l)t'\\cy Li 1! ii llrown ‘i l l
Mc.(iu.ic I i l (iilliguii i ti 0
Kore ’i (i U K itliiilll U (i ii
Nuspiingci A (i (i int Hey i U U
(Toi‘scllu (J i) U

()0 Ii) 17 (IIlllidtIUfi i l U

Muiou 'J l o

Hi'.il/.l l 0 U

'I'liuliiiibuli l U U

iii'icriy U 0

Wilson 1 l l

   

To Hartwick By 18-4, 9-7 Scotes; '
Plattsburg Invades

    
 

  
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
      
 

Snow E nihusiasts

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 10. 1957

Call CI The Wild Beckons To State College Students

Camp Dippikiii, our college camp in Warrensburg,
has undergone many profitable changes since it was

  

PAGE 7

 

Work Weekend Results

purchased by the students last year. Those who at-
tended work pariies at the camp have been able to

ilCCUIlpllSh quite a bit during the past year.

Such

things as tent platforms, a wash house. new celiai‘—

way. flooring. and walls. and general repairs
been completed. Using funds allotted by the Student-
Faculty Association, the college camp board has con-
structed a good—sized dining and recreation addition
Kitchen equipment—stove,
sink, refrigerator~has been secured. For these im-
provements and constructions, the approximate total
expenditure was $2,300. $2,200 less than the amount
allocated to the board from Student Association for
maintaining the camp during the year 1956-57.

with a stone fireplace.

developments.

ci‘ty.
Then there are the problems of sanitation, water supply. sewage disposal and power

and telephone facilities. which are also being looked into by this committee.

Campboard seems to feel that the camp has great potential for future use. Some of
the things which they think should be someday realized are a road to the lake and a
dam. They'd like to have a well—equipped waterfront area with a beach. dock, boathouse,
boats. and canoes. Even a ski development is propabie with trails and slopes. rope tows
and warming shacks. The campboard would like a bus and truck to be used exclusively

for the transportation needs of the camp. The main camp area should contain a lodge

A Sites Committee has been formed to inspect
the ‘ironertv and gain a knowledge of the who'e
area. Therefore they will probably be qualified to
suggest possible sites for most of the buildings and
The group is working on maps and
photos of the area and plans to have contour unaps
produced. It is also looking around for possible trail
slif‘s and has marked trail to the Glcn. When trails
and reads are established. the committee will mark
on: a plan to snot first aid caches about the prop-

have

  

ii. . ,.

with cottages. a recreation building. and other buildings nearby. There will probably be
facilities for most of the major sports, pcnic-campng sites. hiking and nature trails.
and primitive camp sites. Another proposal that they have listed is a summer theatre
which could provide rewarding opportunities for amateur student talent.

Work parties will travel up to Dippikill on weekends from now until the end of the
semester. Any students who are interested in spending such a weekend out-of-doors, and
in helping a very worthwhile endeavor, are most welcome. All you have to do is contact
Robert Kopacek '58. Chairman of Camp Board, or any member and tell them that you'd
like to help out. See you at camp!

Dippiki/l Camp Lake

 

  

     

   

