 

 

i1
'9:

PAGE 2

Shoo The Flu . . .

Appearing on page three of this issue of the News is an
article explaining the precautions we may take to make
ourselves less susceptible to the Asian Flu. Read the story,
digest its contents and practice its suggestions.

Ponder these basic facts and then determine if you
can afford to make light of this subject. Cases have been
reported wit hin the Albany District. Other colleges
such as Oswego, Brockport and various local high
schools have announced that they have possible cases;
last night New York City declared an epidemic. None of
this suggests that Albany State will be hit, but it does not
insure us that we won’t.

Therefore, we urge each and every one to receive the
vaccine shots when they are available.

Just this once let’s let the other guy be the ﬁrst . . .

Papermate . . .

We had the opportunity to survey a few copies of a
petition earlier this week. At ﬁrst we were overjoyed to
see so many State College students had signed it. The
petition, by the way, was a statement in opposition to_ the
Senate’s debate rule which we mildly opposed editorially
last week.

On second thought, we began to wonder whether or
not the majority of you signers knew what you were Sign—
ing. The validity of your petition is jeopardized, or any
future petition for that matter, unless you back up your
sudden interest.

We oppose the Senate’s debate rule, and we would
naturally like to spark some interest in the aﬁalrs of this
school, but we would like to spark some REAL interest.

It takes only a few seconds to jot your name down on
a piece of paper; it takes a few hours of your time to at-
tend a Senate meeting, and it takes a weekend of soc1al
life in Albany to go up and work at the Dippikill Camp.

A big list of names is ﬁne, but we‘ve been around here
long enough to know that students’ interest in anything
around here is practically non-existent. We could be wrong,
but we doubt it.

We’ve made mistakes before (“The High and the
Mighty” plays tonight), but to expect that ALL. those
signers are really interested in student activities is just
too much to take. You could prove us wrong—maybe—
how about it?

The Low, The Humble . . .

Dare we speak of the Senate again this week? Of
course, we do. We would like to inform our legislators
that right now, two people handle the ﬁnances of Student
Association. We hardly expect members of the Senate to
also serve on the. Finance Committee—it‘s a full time task.
Should the legislators “get around” to establishing a sys-
tem of handling ﬁnances next week, we urge that it be
remembered that Student Board of Finance did a rather
good job last year—and its members weren’t all members
of Student Council.

The Senate demands control of committees—if they
feel themselves competent to handle the truckload of work
they have yet to dispose of,—ﬁne, go to it!

But before you create a Finance Committee of all
Senators, talk to your Finance Minister and your faculty ﬁ—
nancial advisor. Get their opinions ﬁrst—then act wisely.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY IBIS

BY THE CLASS OF IQIB

 

First “lace CSI’A Second Place ACP

VOL. XLII October 4, 1957 No 10
Members of the NEWS .‘lnll may lllf il'éllilltﬁti, Monday unit Wednesday from '1 in
II pm and 'l'utmday from It to 0 pm at 2332“. Ext 1 l'llUllt‘h l)t’llilll'l ll llil‘Jll

Bzarek 2—9870; Hitchcock 2-7630, Kiimpli 15-9870

The undergraduate ticwnpupcr of the New York Htute College for Teachers.
published every Friday of the t'oilege year by the NEWS liourd tor the Student

Association.

MAINE DET'I'MISR
105E?” SZABEK —
ANN HITCIICOCK -
MARLENE AGKEBMA
MARY FITZI’ATKICK - . . . . _ _
NANCY RICHARDS - - — _ . . _ , _
ARTHUR I'LOTNIK u - ~ . . . _ _ _
ROBERT KAMI‘I’
GRACE ENG-ELS
PHOTOGRAPHY

ions should be addressed to the rditor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its column» or coriimuiiications, as such expressions do but

necessarily reflect its VieVlb.

- (lovEdltor-In-Chicf
~ — ()u-Edltor-ili—Chlcl
Business Adieriisin; Editor

— - Ai-oclate Editor
Associate Editor
Astuclutc Editor
Feature Editor
» - - Sports liditor
- - (Iiu-ulanon-Exchange Editor
"——

ritatc College l‘iwio nonhu-

All communicat

 

“Elie‘

 

 

I Kﬁquidal Induced l
By ART PALAZZOLO

PALACE

Man of a Thousand Faces with
James Cagney, Dorothy Malone.
Jane Greer and Jim Backus. The
true story of the master of horror.
Lon Chaney. “What was the secret
behind the man behind the thou-
sand faces? Who were the women
who twisted his life and love . . .?"
(Just goes to prove men, whether
you’re handsome or ugly, women
can sure bug you up!) The second
feature is The Midnight Story with
Tony Curtis, Marisa Pavan and Gil-
bert Roland. A detective story with
a novel twist. A 50-50 picture, but
still better than most westerns.

STRAND

The Helen Morgan Story starring
Ann Blyth, Paul Newman and Rich-
ard Carlson. The heart-reading true
story of a singer who hits the big-
time. then the bottle and ﬁnally
rock bottom. A 100 proof picture
with a lot of good songs, (dubbed
in by Gog'i Grant). One tires though
of drunken scenes piled one on top
of the other. It becomes rather de-
pressing. Also showing is Joe Da-
kota with Jock Mahoney and Luana
Patten. A stirring drama of the oil-
drenched West. Lots of noise.

GammW

To whom it may concern:

 

 

The delay in sending out grades
to students after June examinations
grows longer and longer as each
ycar passes by. Most students didn’t
receive their grades until August
this past summer. I am certain that
there is not excuse for this ex—
tremely long lapse of time.

The big rush in June for gradua-
tion and registration also exists in
February when registration for the
second semester occurs. Oddly
enough, instructors are required to
have grades recorded and turned in
within twenty-four hours of the
(lose of the examination. Students
are not allowed to give instructors
self-addressed post cards, nor are
they given their marks directly in
the registrar’s ofﬁce. No school of
cqual or greater size seems to have
any trouble getting marks to the
students two weeks after the last
exam.

The worst aspect of this situation
is the inconvenience to students and
administration, without any one
knowing who has passed or failed.
At best, it gives an unfavorable
cast to State. I can only say that
I hope this isn't one of State's long-
standing traditions.

liukcne Zervas '58

Dear Editor,

At F'rosh Cump, the odds were
high in our furor to win Rivulry, as
opposed to this till the uppcrcluss—
illt‘ll liutt- accepted the lut't that this
is just another ltivulry. In Olllt‘l‘
\\()l'(is, we, iln- Class of 1001, are
mung to gt‘t bi-ut und bout badly;
unli-ss we gift our passive “lt‘t (icoi'gt-
do it” flying, and flying first. The
Sophs huvu .i very doiinltt- udvan-
litgt‘ no matter how you slice it,
but \\'l‘ li'osli (-un muke up for this
loss by usin; .iny (hid-given Lilll‘llln
\\t‘ inuy pomrs‘s.

It is your obligation not only to
your ('llirib' but to yourselves as iii—
dividniils, to llbtull to suggestions
to orginize our (:il'orts. Not much
time will be required of you if you
[)oswss ont- illlpol'iuiit. factor, it fac-
[or so great Wl‘ can't even walk on
to the playing hell, the stage, or
wiiuteter the place of action may
be, without it. ltiglit now, it is the
(,n.y thing that can suve us from
bitter (left-at. Will the leaders of
your class art.- wailing. ltivulry Will
bt: us good as tvon if you will only
inoic your apathetic bodies toward
our one major goul, VICTORY
OVER HOI’IIS.

Joel NudEI '61

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 4. 1957

 

 

 

“Obstinancy and vehemency in opinion are the surest proofs
of stupidity." —Bernard Barton

VERY DIFFERENT

The ﬁrst soccer game of the season turned out to be a disappoint-
ment, especially to Garcia's Peds. Last year‘s records show that we had
a gocd soccer team and we believe that this year‘s team is not an excep-
tion. Getting off to a bad start ofttimes leads to a good ﬁnish. Our
belief is that the Feds will come through in fine style. We're with you.
Gar2lamen, let's hope the rest of the school is!

ARGUMENTS?

Everybody spends hours blowing ofI steam, rushing around gathering
support and already—formed opinions before anyone knows what they
are talking about. It would be nice for instance, if more people knew
the workings of the bills system or how to use Roberts’ Rules. What we
need is a news report on such things as Senate proceedings. an unbiased
report at that.

COMPETITION ANYONE?

Frequent social gatherings spice the life of college students. The
annual function which took place last Saturday was a large success for
most of those who attended. However. a general opinion has been ex-
pressed in favor of more lnterclass representation and less inter-col-
legiate representation. We hope there will be a few more Statesmen at
the Frosh—Soph Dance. this Saturday.

ANY MEN INTERESTED—ALERT”

When a team is signed tip to play football, someone should take the
responsibility of organizing it and getting enough men to play. Too bad
the Commuters' Club was the only one of eight teams failing to present
a roster for the AMIA football league. Action in the league began on
Monday and it is said there will be plenty of top football played daily
this fall. Beverwyck at 4:15 p.m.——with plenty of blood!

NEVER SAY DIE

You may have heard the big beef that's going around lately about
limited debate. This is the time Myskaiiiu really deserves praise. A
petition was brought to them last Tuesday which called “the rule" un-
constitutional. Myskaniti handled the issue completely impartially, set
up a judicial procedure and is holding a hearing on the matter soon.
The hearing is open. It will be the first time the issue is heard coni—
pletely objectively. Be there and know what‘s happening.

CASUALTIES?

We thought the wheelchair in the Commons had something to do
with school spirit, or that it might be the property of the Sophomore
Class—just in case.

YOUR PROPERTY
What are we getting out of Camp Dippikill? We have no facilities
so what can we provide? An old boat—says Camp Board. Well, they're
thinking.
? OF THE WEEK
How're the beavers doing?

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4

 

1:00 1).”). Frosli Class meeting. Page.
Junior Class meeting. Dlll.

4:00 p.m. Vetcruns' Party .tl Yt'l/JS.

7:01) pm. “The High and the Mighty“ lll 0:549.

8:00 pm. Chi Sigmu 'l‘lictu ()pcii Houst l()l' Stutcsiiien.
Kappa Delta Open House lor Htutcsmt-n.

9:00 pm, Kappa Bi-tu Duti- Party.

9:30 pm. “'Ilie High and the Mighty" lll l)34i).

SATURDAY, OC’I‘OBICR 5

10.0.) uni. Rivalry Soi'tbull Game.

8:30 pm Sopli-Frosh Dance ill. Bru.

Sl'NDAY, ()("I‘OBICR 6

2:00 pm Psi (lummu Open House for Stutcsmcii.
'l

:30 pm. (,‘li.iiiiniig Club meeting at 370 \Vztslllllulull Al‘l‘tlllt‘
Wi-stinnistt'r Fellowship llli‘tfllilt', lll Pierre liull.

MONDAY. ()("l‘tllil‘llt 7
8:30 pm Knpiii l)--ltu Guilt-c Ht'l'l' for Alpha Pi Alpliu.

l. l , 'v4,li'2ilil‘.jl,

'TV Ulibill/

  

 *‘J'l . li'ri. .e
('urimiair (iniil.i iVl
liliil‘il \‘Vil U
. ill “"i IU i
U.” “ﬁll”

 

 

To (let More Interest?

*' : “saws-5t»...-

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 4. 1957

PAGE 3

 

 

7/... 671% Mm!

 

By ART PLOTNIK

Fair Warning

A feature on apartments is already
in the planning stages. This will be
a pictorial feature of student apart-
ments, slated to appear in a week
or so. Moral: start ﬁxing up your
crazy little pad and tell the boys
on the News that we can grovel in
hovel.
Fan Mail

I received an anonymous fan let-
ter last Tuesday—my ﬁrst this year.
I don‘t know who wrote it, but who-
ever did is going to be very sorry
that she or he didn't sign it when
she or he or it sees it in real live
juicy print. And now. the excerpt.
“Dear Mr. Plancut,

I just read your last column. It
were very amusing. I like your col-
umn. I would really like to see you
someday. Every day in school I look
for you. I wander around looking

for you until some one says to me,
“Hey there, what are you doing?"

Then I answer “I‘m looking for
Mister Plancut (I always say Mister
instead of Mr. because I don't believe
in nicknames, besides it is easier
to say). “Have you seen him?" I
add.

. . . A couple days later someone
told me that you had been seen in
the News ofﬁce, but that you were
now traveling incognito . . . you
shaved.

. . . P.S. Please grow another
moustach so that I can ﬁnd you. I
promise not to embarrass you by
asking for your picture or auto-
graph."

Now do you see the way to fame?
Write me letters. Be clever. Be
loyal. Be obedient. Be trustworthy.
Above all don't be nervous, don't
be ﬂustered, don't be scared—be
PREPARED!

Forum Board Senate Creates Cabinet Post;
Revises Traditions, Customs

By WINFRED YOUNGS

Slates Talks;
Schedules Trip

Lee De Nike ’59, president of
Forum of Politics, announces that
all students are welcome to become
members of the World Affairs
Council of Albany. Meetings are
held once a month and there is a
special membership fee of $1 for
students.

Among the prominent sponsors of
the Council are Evan R. Collins,
President of the College, and Wil-
liam S. Carlson, President of the
State University.

United Nations Trip

One of the projects for the year
will be to organize group trips to
the United Nations. These groups
will obtain tickets to the sessions
and will also attend special briefings
by the United Nations and the
United States personnel.

Students who are interested may
sign the sheet on the Forum bulletin
board or contact Mary Montville or
Frances Greenberg, Sophomores.

The agenda for Wednesday's stu-
dent Senate meeting was: committee
reports, presidential requests. and
communications.

A new cabinet post, Minister of
Tradition, was established. This will
be ﬁlled, as all cabinet posts are, by
presidential appointment.

Last week, the Finance Committee
was asked to investigate the expen-
ditures and returns to surplus of
the various organizations in the SA
budget. This has been hindered due
to the fact that all books are in
the rather dubious process of being
audited.

In setting up rules, the Finance
Committee ran into the question of
who does what. They drew up a set
of logical, eminently workable (they
worked for Student Board of Fi—
nance last year) rules. Many of
them. however, dealt with ﬁnancial
policy for the school, and as such.
needed Student Senate‘s approval to
become part of the working consti-
tution. The Senate, however, de-

 

 
     

 

~ ~

Feelin’ blue?

 ‘ Need money, too?
)7 StUdentS. we’ve got news for you!

 

   

 

\\//

ticklers
re buck!

 

WHAT'S A BARE-HEADED STRONG MAN?

liAlLESS ATLAS
.4. Richard Miller

Queens College

 

Robert Drupicuki
line/mull

 

WHAT'S A RICH FRESHMAN'S BEANIE?

MINK DINK

 

 

 

 

WIlAl IS A ROLLED-UP MAI’.’

 

M uric 1"ogun
U. 0/ Colorado

 

 

  

LIGHT UP A

 

CUlil ED WORLD

 

 

 

 

Send yours in and

MAKE$25

MOST POPULAR GAME that ever went to col-
lege-that’s Sticklers! Just write a simple riddle
and a lWo-word rhyming answer. For example:
What’s it big cat shot full of holes? (Answer:
peppered leopard.) Both words must have the
some number of sylluhloswhleuk I‘renk, fluent
truunt, vincry linery. Send Slicklers, with your
name, address, college mid class to l‘luppy-Joe—
Lucky, Box (57A, Mt. Vernon, N. Y. Don’t do
drawings! We’ll pay $25 for every Sticklor we
use in our ads-w and for hundreds that never see
print. While you’re Slickling, light up a light
smoke—light tip a Lucky. You’ll say it’s the
best-lusting cigarette you ever smoked /

 

giglit SMOKE—LIGHT UP A LUCKY!

@A. P 50- PW‘IW’ (if ‘%9%WML  —<70\t{1"

 

cided that they did not want to set
policy right then . . . (no, you can't
just go ahead and spend money any
old way, but it might be interesting
to try it—just to see who would
stop you!)

Elections for Junior Class Treas-
urer and Student Senator, also the
13th member of Myskania, will take
place October 11.

This much done, the Senate con—
tinued to inch its way along through
the Traditions Committee report.
Notable among the revisions: the
Fight Song has been substituted for
Arm in Arm on the required song
list, and 3rd time offenders must
apologize to the Sophomore Class
instead of SA.

Hinck read the letter from My-
skania informing the Senate that
an appeal had been made to My-
skania against the controversial de-
bate procedure in the Senate rules
approved last week. Student Senate
voted to have David Fotheringham
prepare a brief in defense of Sen-
ate's rules and present it to My-
skania in the open hearing.

Good Health

Prevents Flu

Since some cases of the Asian
Flu have been reported in Albany
and the tri-city area. Anna E. Love,
Assistant Professor of Health and
Safety Education, announces the
best procedure to prevent contract-
ing the flu:

First, keep in good health by eat-
ing nutritious foods and by keeping
clean and washing hands frequently.
Get sufficient sleep each night, and
avoid drafts and crowds when pos—
siblc since prolonged and inter—
mediate contact appears to be a
measure of spreading the Asian
Flu. Then, procure the vaccine as
soon as it is made available.

Veterans Sponsor
Membership Party

The Veteran's Society will sponsor
a membership party at Yezzis this
afternoon from 4:00 to 6:00 pm.

This will be a chance for new
Veterans of State to get acquainted
with each other informally.

The plans for a dinner dance and
two “Buck Socials" will be discussed
at the meeting.

Refreshments will be 5 e r v e (1
“FREE” for all Vets at the member-
ship party.

Officer Begins
Job Placement

Ronuld Dickson, Placement Offi-
cer, begun interviews on September
30. Seniors and graduate students
who expect to complete their degree
requirements at the close of this
semester, are asked to secure regis-
tration material and arrange for an
interview appointment in the Place-
ment Office. If you do not seek
placement for February 1958, but
are graduating, you me requested to
state that fact in the Placement
Oliitre,

 

Columbus
discovered
America.

Have YOU
discovered the
SNACK BAR?

 

 

 

