 

PAGE 2

A Slow Walk. . .

Each day brings new problems to be faced
by those interested in the future of the new
government we have formed for ourselves.

Each day we hear new arguments that
the Senate, Myskania, and the Cabinet are
not functioning as many had expected.

Each day we have a rash thought to
strongly criticize the methods and proce-
dures we have created in our new SA Con-
stitution. Yet we do not—we do not because
we strongly believe that our new govern-
ment is not a monster running wild. We
are more disposed to look at our govern—
ment as a crawling baby—a baby that will
soon stand up on its own two feet and walk.

Instead we oﬁer our suggestions—sug-
gestions that will start our baby walking
perhaps a little sooner, and perhaps with
more conﬁdent steps.

First, we feel that the basis for the dwin-
dling interest becoming more and more
evident in the Senate lies in the fact that
the college legislators have burdened them-
selves with a backbreaking load of “chore-
boy” activities. We envision the Student
Cabinet as the agency for disposing of such
yearly routine matters as the who, what,
where, and when of our Queen elections.

We do not envy the position of our Sena-
tors at this time. We feel that the Senate
should immediately move to a higher level
of Student Government. That higher level
consists of the formation of student policies
in regard to the College as a whole, and not
merely the mechanics of student govern—
ment and the mechanics of the social
calendar.

Some of our Senators are no longer in-
terested—this we have mentioned—but this
is certainly not the time to lose interest.
What the legislative branch of SA does for
the remainder of the year will affect the
Senate of years to come. Our legislators
must assume a greater degree of responsi-
bility—we need the interest, and we need
it now.

Myskania, to be quite frank, must begin
to make use of its constitutional powers.
Our constitution was left purposely broad
in scope to allow for wide interpretation by
the judicial branch of this government.
There is plenty of interpreting to be done,
and little time for the present Myskania to
interpret. What this Myskania does shall
inﬂuence to a great degree what student
government and Myskania shall do in fu-
ture years.

The Student Cabinet's function is still
floundering on open waters. We have sug-

gested that they assume the major part 01'
the “choreboy” duties of student govern-
ment. They could also act as a sounding
board for organizations on campus, which
is something we now lack. They could easily
assume the role of coordinator of student
activities.

Finally, we would suggest that a meeting
of all branches oi' our Student Association
government and the administration of our
college he held in the very near i'uture.
We suggest that the discussion center on
the philosophy which underlies our new
constitution. We have included the ad-
ministration because this philosophy, in
many areas, involves faculty, students, and
administration.

A meeting 01' this group is needed, be-
cause in our opinion, the basic fault with
student government at the present time is
that we have one SA Constitution, and
twenty or more interpretations oi' the phi-
losophy upon which that document is
based.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 15. 1957

MM.“

 

Who's On First? . . .

Week by week, little by little, smart by
smart, the Rivalry bubble grew; grew until
the least of tensions would cause it to
break. Burst it did—so wide open that its
bits hit every part of this campus.

Rivalry this year has been a ﬁasco— a
disgrace—a failure. It has been a picnic;
a picnic for all the chaotic, lumbering,
brawling teddybears of our college career.
It has been a victim of disorganization,
poor sportsmanship, and disinterest. It has
not accomplishsed one thing it set out to
do. Instead, jealousies and injustices have
developed. Disillusioned freshmen have
thrown up their hands in dispair, and up-
perclassmen have walked away in disgust.

What more can we expect when one tra-

 

dition becomes the scapegoat for all others?
Our esteemed Senators placed the freshmen
on crutches when they passed the fourth
warning rule—this lack of foresight is their
sole possession. The Junior Class was un-
able to assume the position of guardian.
They failed in arousing interest and pro-
moting unity within the Class of 1961. The
underhand tactics and the miserable at-
titude of the Sophomores weakened the
spirit of Rivalry. It was into this atmo-
sphere the freshmen came, yet they are
not without fault. They have whined and
cried when a little “fight” would have been
so much better. When help was desperately
needed, they did not seek it. And they took
their advice from unreliable sources.

This is 1957's puffed up version of Ri-
valry. It will be an empty victory that one
of the classes wins tomorrow night. We
have learned our lesson the hard way, but
we have learned it well. We know now what
not to do, and surely we are not fools
enough to permit this to occur next year.

Gunmanicaﬁand

To the Editor:

The Sophomore Class met Wednesday night to dis-
cuss two thines concerning the freshman class:

1. Should Campus Night be postponed until Thurs-
day to afford the freshmen more time to work on
their skit?

2. Should State College overlook the fact that one
cf the lead. in that skit has four warnings, making
hir ineligible to participate in Rivalry?

On the ﬁrst point the opinion of the class was
uranimous: Campus Niiht should stand as it is.

No one can say that the Sophomores are inconsist-
tntve‘hcg.‘ stood for tradition and principle to the last
p'ilit. The freshman gil'l will not be in the skit.

'l‘hrL-e diys belcre presentation the freshmen are
told to replace one of their leads-to replace a lead
m It play the third act of which has never been re-
hearsed because of a rule in operation for its first
5t ii‘. A rule that has iichr been tried before.
Now it is a well known fact that this girl reahzad
:he should not take part lll Rivalry she told the
Soplitilllol'c class this two weeks ago. She should never
have been cast in the skit. But she was.

And now !‘t‘i'il‘l.~" a rule was not enforced in time
ind because "we want to give the freshmen ii proper
.ispcct ii.l tit-ate truditioir" we have pull‘d the skit
:ud Cilllliil‘i Night apart.

’lhis course oi action cannot help but make the
ii'tshiiien respect tradition. Realizing as they will
how tlzttlllltill bineilts the incoming class they'll cer~

ninly do lfli‘l'ytllill‘l, to uphold it.

l‘lll'tllt'l'. they're bound to iespert and iltllllll't‘ ilic
oj liomoic class ioi' what it has done ior them. How
«on they hpr but i';)l)l't'('l.ili' such fine attention to
jrincijlt- and such coiiccin tor tliiir \i't'llill'l",’

Beth Spencer '60

 

 

To the Editors:

Atout that Smoker last. Monday lll',lil boy, did We
treati- an impression I mean, did \ie really create an
mi ress-ion 'l'liai's one llillit', We did really do. llut
did we create the iiiiprc~sion we want to? How much
[Hill :‘12 '..t give to l".‘.‘ .dviiiilugcs oi" fraternity lile.
and oi our individual iiatt-rnities. and the opporiuni»
lit-s we oiler tor what we think its Iieiieiicinl to the
ii.di.iduiil. in State, .iiid to liie We know tli.‘ purpose

(Contoiiud on l‘inp ii, Uoluniiii/

 

 

College

Ca/endar

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER I5

1:00 pm. ii'reshuian (,‘liiss Meeting. Page Hull
7.30 pin. "Mr Roberts." lirapor 34!).

9:00 pm. Soccer Dance, Brubiicher
SATURDAY, NOVEMISEH it;

.‘izt‘U ILHI ltiiiilry Pushlinll. lieverwyck Field
liliti pin Campus Night. Page flail.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER Iii

It'liii p in [mm Council 'li'iolits,
'( lit) p in Dee/i Council ’lryoui.~..
’ll'flbliitlr’, NIH’IiMISI‘Jlt If)
’i‘ Ill) p in Biology (.‘lub .itctiiig. liruliaeher “all.

i; on p in (Na! fiitizrprttation I’IIMHUH, Draper 349.

Richardson Bill
Richardson 291.

    

 

WEDNESDAY, NtH'ltlhllililt 20

iii!) pin Allit'l'lt‘iiii (.‘hcniical Hiit'll‘H Mct‘tliiii, lins-
tod lot).

'illlflth'liAY, N0\’l£i\'llil-jlt 21

until

i ii: p in l"lll Shots, Medical ()iilit', ih'npci‘.
Il‘liti pm
73'. pin "'Ilie liiloi'nici'.” mas

Kappa Mu Meeting. lirubaclier

iliill

FRIDAY. NOVI‘JMISI‘JR 22

1:00 pm. 'i‘hanksgivmg lteccss liegiiis No edition oi
The News.

1: (:1) pm. Epsilon

 

“If you strike a thorn or rose, keep a-goin'i

If it hails or if it snows, keep a-goin!

'Tain't no use to sit and whine

'Cause the fish ain’t on your line;

Bait your hook an‘ keep on tryin'. Keep a—goin’!" —stanton

BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME

Well. we'll try again. Maybe, we'll get an election law. a sound
ﬁnancial law. etc. etc.. etc. So what! It has taken weeks and we're still
bogged down. The committees are rarely functioning—those that have
gotten very little cooperation. The Student Senate persists in resembling
Student Council. Its' about time our senators concerned themselves with
the problems which have faced us all year. Some senators didn't even
think of what had happened to the letters supporting the Bond Issue
until a week before election. The Senate doesn’t seem to know much
about the present religious controversy on campus. Let's take care 01
the pioayune immediately. We don't need weeks to think those over.
APRES MOI LE DELUGE

This is like having two beginnings to a semester. All these new
tyet oldi faces We're really glad to welcome back the hard-working.
ﬁrst quarter practice teachers. To the second quarter PT's we say.
"bonne chance.“

CORNER. KICK?

SUB has really worked like the devil, so let's show them we ap-
preciate it. With a theme like "Southern Silhouette." the decorations
can‘t help but be excellent. Yes. this year's Soccer Dance is bound to
b;- a success. Wanna take any bets on Soccer Qccen? We‘ll bet one
thiiig——thc cheerleading squad will be well representcdll
K.().'Dl

Not that anyone likes to hear "We told you so," but we did. Jl'liiul'
Prom, Junior—Senior Party well-v—the whole weekend was great. Really!
Since our predictions on the athletic events would have btcn biased.
we're certainly glad we didn't. make any! Congratulations again, Junior
class.
(ill! YEAH!

So! Campus Night is Satuiday. Or at least that was the last word
we got. For a change \l't"l’.’ going to try and look at something objec-
tively. tlion't faint. readers of the S. (‘. News.i Granted, the freshman
class has not had the proper guidance. nor have they been Hit!“ a
positive attitude. But they have been given its much time to prepare
for the skits as any [receding class has had. This whole issue brings
the question to oiii' minds as to who has the power to Cililllll’ ltiiiilry
dates. And that‘s what we‘re wondering is there such a power“!
l"l‘til’li\'.’

Thank humus the bond amendment passed! It will he so nice to
;,et a new cafeteria, so we won't have to light a major battle in the
lunch line. Bi'i how long will we have to wait? We‘re becoming one big
bruise. Maybe w “11 get the inlirmiiry first. who knows?

How about replacing the ashtray.» in the Commons with heavier

rues? And some more \i‘iistclinskets‘.’ And why inii:.t. the old Commons
l,c ('lt'illlttl when students are still iisina it‘.‘ 'l‘herc's much else that
could be done at those times.
'l‘til'Gll lilti‘ilili

We're ccithiiily wind to >ec ’l'liunksiniing Vacation extended. (iiily

a \\i’l‘l( to no. Wc iicctl all the rest The only diliiciilty is that. the social
calendar is now holchctl up. It oiin lll\‘til\'l'.\ three days. but it's just
enough to piti the prcssuie on, especially with rushing: .
'.’ ()li' THE WEEK

Will Mllicl'tai get it vacation?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

LSIAHI ISHED MAY l‘JI6

BY IIIE CLASS OF I‘Jlu

was»!

First “lace ()Sl’A 50mm] Mum. ALP
VOL. Xl.ll November 1:"). 195’] N0 33

Menilieis ol tlii Ni'IWS slnll may be ii-iiciicd, Moiiilin illil Wmliiruiliii from 'I to
II pin iiiil ‘l'ui-silii lioni It in ii pin in! ‘J IIZiJii. I'Ixi ll l'lltllil“ lli'llllll‘l li (Hull
HZiil’l'k 15 ilh’lll. lllli‘ ii'uck 1! 'llilill, Killll|lll Li iill'lll

'l‘l'e iiiidi-i'ginduiiie newspaper oi lllt' New Yolk
published «ti-ii |"| day ol the (‘ollcge \l‘ill In llii‘
Abﬁocliitiou
MAIHII'D I)I’1'I"l'l\ll'2lt
JUSI'II'II Altlﬂi

 

l‘iInli (‘utli'ui- loi 'li'iiiiicin.
Nl-.\‘VH “Willi lot the Htudent

i'ii I‘ldllor In ('IIIr!
('o-I‘Jtlliiir»libilhlel

Business Atlvl'l'llhlllg Editor
A Associate Editor
Associate Editor

Feature Editor

. - Sports Editor

. » - ('li‘iulalluii-lﬁxrlnuige Editor

  

It AltldlzNI:

MAltY I"I'I'Zl'i\'l‘lll(?lt
Alt'l‘lllilt I'LO'I‘NIK
lttililﬁll'l‘ KAMI'I"
tiltM'I-J l-LNGICI»;
Inllfi'l‘titiuAl'lli‘ - ~ Stair (Tollegl, “wt” “Hi”:
All coiniiiiiiiiciitious rlltiliill be addressed to the editor and must 1; ~ .1 .
W!“ be ymmi‘hl on Kimmie-I ’l'lie s'i‘A'ra doctrine. NEWS lb:.hklllit‘s“lil7l$l}:‘:ilﬂlllﬁgﬂit;
for opin ons expi'csset in [in no noun: or communications, m,- WCI . 
necessarily ruiiect its Views. ' “WW-“UM ‘10

 

' l

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 15. 1957

 

(CM 'al (mu
By ART PALAZZOLO

Hi Y'all! Another weekend's done STRAND
rolled around and once again here's
your happy. smilin' movie reviewer
ready to bring you more inside
scoops on the local ﬂicks! (Gad!
How you can read this dribble week
after week is a mystery to me.i is
Actually I'm only kidding. I write
good stuff—just ask me.

Anthony Quinn is
Quasiinodo.

unfortunately

The PALACE this weekend is S .
. , un. . stor f th -
featuring Zero Hour With Dana dians' ms Elms; me piigmgllfdlgl
Andrews. Linda Darnell and Sterl- 60101. ‘0! ‘

ing Hayden. With typical Holly-
wood modesty were told it's "A RITZ
picture you’ll talk about and re-

well maybe I won't soon forget this
picture. but only because of the

hard. cold cash I shelled out for 11w Buckskin Lady, If you

The Hunchback of Notre Dame—
linpressive as
the twisted soul who
haunts the towers of that famous
cathedral. Gina Lolobrigida's beauty
not enough to
cover up some pretty bad acting. A
good night’s entertainment nonethe-
less. I so showing IS Naked in the

Mickey Spillane's heartwarming
member as long as you live!" Y8. and lnsoiring My Gun is Quick. The
Great American Novel has finally
been fi'med. The second feature is
like Song Leaders Meet

l G roupSchedu/es
Christmas Sing;
Leaders Meet

Sunday. December 15. the tradi-
tional Christmas Sing. sponsored by
the Student Christian Association,
will be held in Page Mail. Arlene
Murphy '58. President of SCA. an-
nounces that the Collegiate Singers
will sing during intermission as an
added attraction. Sororities. frater-
nities. group houses, and the Com-
muters’ Club will vie for the cup
taken last year by Kappa Beta frat-
ernity. Chi Sigma Theta sorority
won the second prize.

 

PAGE 3

 

71¢ @pea Mimi

 

By ART PLOTNIK

I actually did meet Max Shulman
last week at the press convention.
but I didn't tell him how poor his
columns were. On the contrary I
was extremely humble, and all I
dared to say was, “Gosh, Mr. Shul-
man. how on earth did you get your
start?"

Once again I throw an orchid at
myself tat this rate I'll soon suffo-
cate in orchids) : last week I plugged
the Junior Prom and affected a
monumental success. Even Skitch
came. This Week I promised to plug

noyingly late, and seemingly un-
prepared, having forgotten a bass
drum and his vibe mallets. How-
ever, when he did get around to
performing. he played the brand
of jazz that rates him with the best.
Nevertheless. it was sophisticated
jazz for the most part. and a little
above the heads of the bulk of the
audience. Luckily, things evened
out in a perverted way, since the
audience itself was late enough to
miss of the high-brow music and
barely catch the slapstick comedy
routines which served as echoes of

 

the tickets. The plot: An airline's
crew is stricken with food poison-
in},r and Dana. ta former ﬁghter
piloti must bring it in. Does he
succeed? Will the sun rise in the
East? How can he fail? He's got
Linda as a co—pilot. You take it
i'roin thereA—I can‘t go on. The
second stellar attraction is The
Devil's llairpin with Cornell Wilde.
Jean Wallace and Arthur Franz.

through this one.
The

winner. Air.

and William

class C westerns you deserve to sit

INTERNATIONAL
GROUP has come up with a real
Roberts,
Fond-.1, Janus Cagney, Jack LCXII‘ non
Don't blame
I can't. rccom- wh

Powell.
me if you miSs it.
mend it too hithly. See you Friday wh
night in Draper 349.

F l L M

with Henry

“3

There will be a meeting of all song
leaders Tuesday,
Draper 349 at 4 pm. It wili be ap—
preciated if the song leaders could
definitely state the number of per-
sons singing in their group by that
time.

something or other. but I forgot , I
what it was~ I believe it was w Kai Winding‘s glistening personality.
take place on the fifteen: i.e.. to- With fraternity rushing wide
day. Thus, faithful ones attend open. it seems a likely time to create
all things occurring tonight. a cheap verse destined to end my
i don't believe that Don Elliot Own happy fraternity days:

Sheets will be distributed went over as well last Sunday as Dirty rushing hits the spot;

ich will describe the basis on did Kai Winding last year. and the Fifty members ill-beget,

ich the judging is done. as well fault lies with Elliot himself as well Curse the House with Flemish flu——
other important details. as wi;h the audience. He was an- Dirty rushing is the thing for you.

December 3. in

 

“The most exciting racing story —.
ever ﬁlmed!" Perhaps. perhaps. but
when Jean Wallace pranees around
in her tighter - than - skin dresses,
who thinks of auto racing?’? Talk
about dumb. beautiful blondes! Too
much, man!

Doctors Urge
Students Get
Flu Vaccine

Dr. Janet Hood. head of our Med—
ical Office. and Dr. Rudolph
Schmidt, College Physician. have re-
leased the following statement. about.
flit shots:
new and
\sian flu.

"We i'inallv have the

more effective vaccine i't.r i

“Since this illir-ss is likely to re-
turn in the winter months in (Vt'll
more severe form than we have al-
ready experienced. we Sti'till'lly urge
students and faculty to get the vac-
cine iii if you have not had the
"1111" in our ji'escn‘. epidemic, t2:
1‘. you have not already had a shot
for Asian i' n. and HI ll
allergic to egg

you ill'i’ iiol

"'lhe lie-i tililiil'lllllllt to ciitain
the \'.tt‘t‘lilc \.\lll l.c 'l'lun'sday. ill
I It.‘7. Ml'tllt‘ul Olin-e, lroni l to 3:.ii
it your schedule conlliets try
between classes. It you :ii'c
believe you will lin.l

pin.
to I‘iilllt‘
‘ liit lute we
instructors siiiiputhctic."

. silt

more THE RE
03 arm

an all Ky 3,?

new

U16

 

  
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

    
  

T OF

MUSIC MAJORS! Know how to change
a glee club from a loud crowd to a
lyrical miracle? Simple: just promise
’em at Lucky break! A Lucky’s a light
smoke—the right smoke—for anyone.
It’s all cigarette—all fine tobacco!
And that naturally light. wonderfully
good-tasting tobacco is toasted to taste
even better. Hold your rehearsal with-
out a Lucky break, and you’ll get
nothing but Choir Ire! Chorus: Light
. a Lucky Strike!

    
    
   

  
 
 

up a light smoke . .

   

CIGARETTES

 

 

 

 

 

Society Schedules
Meeting, Speaker

ltidward Koiibck Till, President oi
the Student Atiiliutcs (‘li.ipter oi
the American (‘ln-micail Society, on-
nounces that lliigli 'l‘einplclon. Sup-
cr\isor oi Science in the Slate l'Idu—
culloii l).-|ioi'lliiciil, \\ill lie the ghost
Hjit'dlit'l' \'\'ctinisd:iy l'\t'lillii; at the
iiit'cliin‘ ill'lli lll llllhll‘tl Isii) ill ll JOHN WEVLLLL
In“ oitLAiioMA A an

 

Hug Drug

WHAT IS A BURGLAR ALARM! WHAT IS VERY SMALL TYPE!

WHAI DOES A GEOLOGIST COLLECII

     

KARL MANHLA. Squint Print

U OI DEIHOII’

Minoan counu iii Crime Chime

MOLV CROSS

Mllltlilllt SL'HLLLI’iilttIt Strum Holt:

 

 

 

 

 

.\lr liiiipletoii's stiliii-it \\lll ht-

"liii'ht Youu: Kids We Need

 

'lliciii" All ntiidcnts are lli\lll'tl in

.ii i cud
~—'___________.______—

Niourn
llivalry
at, the

DWIoIiI SCUII
NAItVAIiD

 

WHAI IS BOVINE SMALL IALKI

 

(.‘(lUlt‘ I’rulilc

 

 

SNACK
BAR

(04. T. Ca.)

 

WHAT IS A SLIM IRISHMAN!

Don't just stand there . . .

9.6 STICKLE! MAKE $25

Sticltlci's are simple riddles Willi l\Vti~word rhyming
niisvi't-rs. Holli words must have the some number of
syllables. -No drawings, pleaseli We'll shell out $25
for all We use and iiu' liuutlretls that never see print.
Ho send stacks of ‘em with your name, address,
college and class to llzippyviltiti~l.iicky, liox (37A,
Mount Vernon, N. Y.

 

Suelte Celt

RDBERI MCCOY
PENN SIAIE

 

 

 

 

 

LIGHT UP A Zigltt SMOKE -LIGHT UP A LUCKY!

Product qf %   :22“ is our middle name"

 

 

 

_._.__.._..—-— W......_.....__
_._..____—-.__

 

 

