 

 

    

PAGE 2

Inertia? . . .

Could someone please explain to us why we have
legislative convocations? The constitution states that Stu-
dent Council shall legislate on all matters non—academic
in nature unless two-thirds of its membership agrees that
SA should decide the issue. Other business which rests
in the hands of SA in convocation is: constitutional amend-
ments, which are rare; appropriations from surplus over
$500, which Student Board of Finance could handle very
well; and the yearly Student Association budget. Sup-
posedly, the student body has as its chief legislative task
the passing of the yearly budget which determines our
student tax. We hate to disagree, but Student Associa-
tion does nothing in eﬁeet to pass the budget, it only acts
as a “rubber stamp“ for the work of Student Board of
Finance.

Last year, a new budget procedure was passed by stu-
dents in assembly which stated that only the total line
of an organization’s budget was to be voted on by SA.
Tuesday night, Myskania decided to interpret another part
of this procedure to state that only a motion to delete or
change a line would be accepted to raise a question con-
cerning a particular line. Of course, this means that we are
all supposed to know what each budget contains before
we even assemble in convocation! We are compelled to
attend legislative convocations, and now we are to attend
Student Board of Finance meetings in order to know where
our money is going and why. Personally, we feel that it
is ridiculous and overly-idealistic to suppose that a student
body which has to be dragged to vote on picayune issues
in convocation will, of their own free will, attend SBF
meetings to be “informed.” Sure we’ll have motions to
delete and change. Who will make them? Either Student
Board of Finance members, members of the organization
whose budget is under consideration, or no one. The av-
erage “Joe College" will remain ignorant as to what is
going on.

Why not make Student Board of Finance the power
which determines the yearly SA budget? Why retain SA
as a “rubber stamp?” Finally, why hasn’t Myskania or
Student Council, supposedly those in the know as far as
government is concerned here, realized yet that our “pure
democracy" is getting no place fast? It’s about time those
elected to ofﬁce did something else besides count votes and
hear Watchdog Committee Reports.

Let's Go! . . .

This past week we have actually seen traces of an
active campaign to gain support for a State College affair,
State Fair. Committees have been hard at work this entire
week selling booster tags, raffle tickets for records and
paintings. The “hawking” talent displayed by these stu-
dents is phenomenal and it has paid off in dollars and
cents. The booster tag sale alone has exceeded that of
previous years. Add to this the participation of thirty-six
organizations in tomorrow night’s proceedings and you
come up with an excellent picture of possible success.

However, let us remember that the fair is not over
yet. Bigger things must come if this drive for the Foreign
Student Fund is to end as a success. All it takes is a
7 pm. walk tomoriow night to Page Hall Auditorium
and a more lingering walk down the lower halls of Rich-
ardson and Husted. Shake that piggy bank hard tomorrow,
squeeze it a little bit if you have to, but bring those pen-
nies, nickels and dimes to the midway and spend them
there.

Let us as State students give this line start to a fine
cause a ﬁne ending. Let‘s promise ourselves now to be
there on the midway tomorrow night.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY l9I6

BY THE CLASS OF i9l8

 

[first “lace USP/l Hl‘l'iiiid place Agp
VOL. Xlril .Viiil'l‘il ii. um No. ’

Menibcis oi the NEWS ~.i.iii may bc ii‘illiii‘li Monlo', and \Vt‘.llli'f;iil|‘y iioni 'I 'o
ii p in and ’l'ul'srlu'. ii‘oin Ii to II p in ai "»'i:i‘..'ii, in‘xi ll l'honc. i)t‘[iil|l'r lift-tilt”.
Hzarck IHJH'IU. iiili'iiun’l’. ‘J Milli. Kainpn :54! it)

The ltiilll‘lgi'diiliiil‘ newspaper oi the New Yoik Hiaic (.‘oilcgc loi 'l‘cziciicrii.
published our, From) oi liii‘ (Tollcgc you by inc NrZWH ltoaid ior Lin- Hindu,”
Association

Li

 

 

MAINE DE'I‘T‘MI'ZK v ‘ ' ' ‘ ' ‘ ('uvl'lliitor-iii«(fiiici'
JOSEPH SZAIH‘ZK - - ' ' ' ’ ' ~ “ i'o-Ifiiltor-lii-(?iilct’
MAB/CIA LAWRENCE r ' ' ' ' - I'Jxecuilvc lfditor
Hannah (“DUI/L“ ~ Public Relations Editor
ANN III'I'L‘IH‘OUK Business Advertising Editor
JOYCE MHYI'JLMANN - Pirculation [dum—
HARIJ'JNI; AffiiiulttiAN Associate Editor
MARY FI'I‘ZI'A'I'RII'K Associate Editor
NANCY RICHARDS \suiiciutc liditur
FRANK VE’I‘USKY Associate Editor
Alt'i'ill'lt I'LUTNIK Feature Editor
RUIHL’IH‘ KAMI‘I’ ‘ ' - A spurl» Editor

Consultant Public Relations Editor

KEITH YANDOII — ‘ - l
MARY ANN 3(‘III.U'I”I‘MA|'Ithit (unsuitth liusiucss Advertising liditor
- r Consultant Sport.» Editor

JOSEPH sWIIiItZUWo‘KI A » — —

WILLARD (“LLE’VI'I‘J - - - - - - - - Pilot! l'hoiugruiipcr
All ILtIilIIIllliirlidllfﬂlo would in: uddiiﬁuncii io iln: editor and must be signed Names
will be witlincld on request. The l-I‘I'A’i'r: COLLEGE NEWS assumes no rcswnsibility
for opinion», expressed in it.) column.» or communications, as ollllli cxpi'cbolmih do not

newmarily rciicct iL~. I.I:Wo‘

 

V W. ..;.  I

PALACE

The Rainmaker with Burt Lan-
caster, Katherine Hepburn, Wendell
Corey and Lloyd Bridges. For her
role in this picture Katy’s been
nominated for the Academy Award's
“Year's Best Actress." Burt Lan-
caster rolls into a drought-stricken
community, and in the role of a
rainmaker he proceeds to provide
rain for the farmers and aroused
passions f9» Katy. Extremely funny
in parts and excellent throughout.
Also showing is Slander with Van
Johnson, Ann Blyth and Steve
Cochran. This picture turns the
tables and exposes the expose maga-
zines for what they arewmuck-rak-
ers of the first order!
STRAND

Drango with Jeff Chandler, Jo-
anne Dru, Julie London and Donald
Crisp. A western of sorts. The sec—
ond smash hit is The Big Boodle
with Errol Flynn and Rosanna
Rory. A moving drama of “Intrigue
in hell-hot Havana!"
LELAND

The Violent Years with an all—
star cast, (not one of whom is men-
tioned). This is the story of "Teen-
age killers . . . fearing no law . . .
taking their thrills without shame!
Juvenile delinquents on the ram-
page searching for a new thrill."
(Ho hum!) “Thrill girls on the
highway!!" etc, etc. The second
first-run hit is Code of the Under-
world which also has a cast of un—
known stars. “From the front page
comes a story of a brutal mob that
gripped a city!” Aw come on now!
Too much is too much!
RITZ

Men At War Robert Ryan and
Aldo Ray have fought their way
from the Strand to the Ritz this
weekend. “The toughest grenade-
slinging dogfaccs ever to charge up
a hill full of hell” (Anyone for war
stories?) Also showing is Barbara
Stanwka and Sterling Hayden in
Crime of Passion.
DELAWARE

We Are All Murderers with Mou»
loudgi and Raymond Pellegrin. This
picture is supposed to be more sus—
penseful than Diabolique—if that's
possible. The characterizations from
the lowest burn to the highest soph—
isticate are remarkably true to life.
Dialogue in French with English
sub-titles.
MADISON

The Wrong Man with Henry
Fonda and Vera Miles. The second
feature is The First Traveling Sales-
lady.

Cartoon Caption Victor

Marie Dettmer and Joseph Szarck,
Juniors. Co-Editors, announce that
Sandra Scdor ‘61 is the winner of
the cartoon caption contest. This
contest was conducted by the News
during the past two weeks. Miss
Sedor receives a three dollar gift
certificate from the State College.
(to—Op.

Gammnwatiow

To the Editors:

Your last. week's editorial "Top
This" did not contain all thc facts
in reference to the State College
Rcvuc and the use of rooms. Heri-
are soon- facts that you omitted:

l, ’l‘hc State Collcgc 'i‘lienicr
group is using the stugccrali. room
in order to build sits ior "insch
(.‘onicdy " it would be impractical
ior our group to try io build sets
there also.

‘2 Since "insch Comedy" Will be
prcscnicd iwo wccks :iltci' “Phil”
and Fancy," the possibility i-Xists
that we Williitl bc lliliiiiii‘ to rcplcn‘
i:-.li ilic inukcup kit ii We lihl‘ll it

It ’l'licrc has liccn no dciiiiil.c (ic-
cision yci on the use oi the makcup
roirn loi' our production

4. We hayi- burn givmi permission
to use ilic old stagcci'nii. rooin ior
sets.

The Siluil‘lli/‘l‘llufuiiy Committee
pointed out iii.il. it great deal oi
the difficulty sit-ms from the loci
that two big tlicnti‘icni i)I'(KilIL’ll(ill.‘1
have been scheduled within two
weeks of each othcr mole Social
Calcndari.

’I‘hc Stiltlt‘ilt-iQHHIIIy Committee.
State Coilcgc Revue Coininiticc, and
the Administration aic all working
on this problems. it cannot be solved
overnight.

John Yugcr, Co-Ordinatoi',
State College Revue.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 8. 1957

ll

 

“A ﬂock of them ﬂew over that time."

 

 
    
   

   

Gammon-Staten

'- By FIELDMAN and CARBONE

 

Ode to pessimists: “If Spring is here—can winter be far behind?"

SPECTERS. APPARI'I‘IONS AND GHOSTS
Student Council is having a Horor Show at State Fair; should be
worth seeing. considering all the practice gotten at some of the meetings.

TOLL CHARGE?

It seems as though you can‘t walk through the perister these days
without depositing $.75.—No, it's not admission to see the forthcoming
ﬁeldhouse, but it's for boosters and rafﬂes for State Fair. Oh, well, most
of the scholars at State run pretty good interference.

AGREEMENT AT LAST?

How come no comments or letters to the editor about the govern-
mental plan in last week's column? Must be Myskania agrees with us,
too; the next move——iogically—-is to take action on it. We're from Mis—
souri; show us!

TAKE IT EASY
Overheard at a fraternity pledge meeting:
Member—“What's ycur greatest ambition?"
Pledge—“To die a year sooner than you."
Member——“What’s the reason for that?"
Pledge—“So’ll be a member in Hell when you get there!"

EVERYBODY'S DOING [T

The “Potter Rail" looks pretty good. all dressed up. doesn’t it? We
understand that a certain group house has "Perfectly Luvverly“ colored
steps; pledgee see, pledgee do. . . .

FEMININE PULCIIRITUDE

Who says we don’t have beauties at State? We'd like to extend con-
gratulations to Miriam Sanderson and Irene Domenico who placed in
the ﬁnals of the "Miss Albany" contest.

ASSININE PROCEEDINGS

Last Friday's Convocation proved . . . well, what did it prove? . . .
Absolutely nothing! . . . We saw budgets trying to be railroaded through.
The “group” was kept pretty busy cutting and adding money on all sides.
and nobody knew who was passing or defeating what motion. If people
are forced to sit there. why not make it worthwhile and a little more
efficiently planned!

IT’S 'I‘IIA'I‘ TIME AGAIN

it's that time of year again when students are going apartment
hunting for next year. Looking on'i' the advertisements in the paper,
we found some that might be of assistnncc:

"Now Reiitingrr Your ('lioicc of (lcliuhtlul upper and lover apartments."

"Front apartment. sliowcr bath with one lady."

"Furnished -~ Bachelor's ilat. Two cxns.“

"Nico two i)c(li'oiilii apartman in shady neighborhood."

"For Rent Largc. fashionable aparinicni with four attractive wm—
(lows in each room."

"For Ht'lll Clean apartment suitable ior man and wife. Also place
to keep chicken."

'i'nkc your ciioicc
ihc dorms.

At ii‘ilhl il."~ bciicr lliaii Ii‘yiiig to “li\'c ii. up" in

REMINDER
You're looiish if \‘ou miss our oi HIuic‘s licsi. iunciioiis . . . State
Fair, tomorrow night. Buy an lﬁhllt' oi liil‘ Slaid ('ollege (Anus . . for n

li-w laughs . . this is lliill:-ll?ii ior ilu: newspaper?
Ql'I'IS'I‘IUN ()I" ’I‘Iili \t'lzlu‘K
llaic \lili "lillml '11" your nciniiy slim-i yci'.‘

 

College Ca/eno’or

FRIDAY, MAIH‘II ii

to on um Niill—iA'glslIIiH' ('iiiiliii‘iilllill ll'iiilll'liip, pianist idolici Nownk
l‘iigc Hall '
l.ccturc-rccitnl by I.iUiii’i Nir‘wuli. Richardson .‘illll

8.3!) pm Stutc vs RPI in basin-thou i'oiiti'mi, Page (iViil.

ll) Jill pin linskclliull l'ioiii'i-, iil’llliill'lli‘l' Hall. I

SA'I‘I‘RDAY, MARCH 9

2 on pin intramural ilridgc 'l‘onrnaincni. iSi'nbiu-hcr Hall.

7.1:) pin Static l“iiii' Ltoiiiiin-nccs iii Page iiall.

SI'NIIAI’, MARCH iii

5'00 i).tii Supper of St John'» Lutheran Church

TUESDAY, MARCH i2

I! (it) pin Education (on-sf Speaker. Drain-r 349.

it no p.in

 

:l in p in

'I'lll‘ltSDAY. MARCH 1-]

7 1!!) pin lnicrnntional il‘lliil (iroup Presentation "  1-" -
pci‘ 211, "1 “Whilst. Diit-
iizlll) pm. Kappa Mu Speaker on Actuarial Science. Draper 349

firal Interpretations Class Readings lroin Literature lii'iiiici'

 

i
l
i
.i
' i
:i‘
L?

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 8. 1957

 

PABE 3

 

 

74a 3pm Mimi

 

By ART PLOTNIK

Funny world. I‘ve grown a beard
and shaved it four times in the
last four years, and every time the
reactions of society around me have
been identical. The comments of
all observers follow this pattern to
the letter:

FIRST STAGE: (grubby begin-
ning of hearth—“Oh no! You‘re not
growing a beard are you?” To this
I usually answer, "Nay friend. mere-
ly oblong blackheads."

SFCOND STAGE: (first trim;
beard definite) ~— “What are you
growing that thing for?" I reply
patriotically, “For America." This is
meaningless enough to allow me
time for my escape.

THIRD STAGE: (long, full, flow-
ing heard) “It's disgusting . . . but
I like it."

"I like you too,“ I answer.

FOURTH STAGE: (beard shaved.
chin cleani—"Hi, Art."

“Don’t you notice something dif-
l’crcnt?"

. .a-h-li . . .

"It‘orget ii."

This is the burner, After hearing

SUB Sponsors
Dance TonighlL

Simuiiie Lieberman '58, Vice-
Clllill'lllilll of Student Union Board,
announces that Dolores Schimandle
and Richard Willis, Sophomores,
have been elected to the Board.

Tonight after the basketball game
there will be a band dance held in
the game room at Brubacher with
Jerry Stickies and his band.

The Hospitality Committee will
also hold a reception at that time
in Brubacher Upper Lounge. Mem-
bers of the Hospitality Committee
are Patricia Colway '57. Marilyn
Darzano '58. and Kenneth Kadet
and Richard Ronconi. Sophomores.

Group Presents
Foreign Movie

international Filrn Group will
show "Revenge" Thursday at 7:30
pm. in Room 211, announces Steve
Jill'oiiriill '59, President.

"'Rchngc” stars Anna Mngnani.
ii. is a story which takes place after
the war lll llaly. A woman returns
home with the intent to kill the
(filiifll‘i‘ll oi‘ the man who killed hers.
in the end they replace her own.
The film is Italian With ﬁnglish
suh~tiilcs

(orncr ()lil.ii‘l(i ft licnsoii

l)l/\l.

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

i ’//i m Hum! /or Yum

new shirt?"

 

xi [123

 

.ti'lcr
S 'i‘ A 'l‘ E
if A i it

go to the

SNACK
BAR

 

the same deprecatory remark about
the beard for fifty days straight, I
have to tell him that I shaved.
Funny world.

Miriam Sanderson '59 is the next
order of business, and a far more
pleasant order than beards, urchins,
x-rays. etc. Miriam won second
place in the Miss Albany Pageant
last Saturday. over hundreds of or-
iginal contestants. This to my
knowledge is the highest achieve-
ment of an Albany State beauty to
date, It is indeed fortunate that
Miriam attended State for a year
and a half before the contest. You
see. Albany State is much kinder to
the hands and face than any other
detergent, even in the hardest wat—
ci'. To you, Miriam, we award the
Pell Mell award of the week for your
fearless fight against ugliness at
the college. If Miss Albany dares to
show her face on our campus, I will
personally take care of her.

NEW

HIP-TOP BOX
Firm to keep
cigurctlca from
crmiiiing.

No tobacco in
your pocket.
Up to data.

 

Kappa Mu To
Engage Speaker
For Meeting

Kappa Mu is sponsoring another
program in “Uses of Mathematics"
Thursday at 8 pm. in Draper 349,
announces Robert Stimson ‘57, Pres-
ident. The purpose of these pro-
grams is to acquaint prospective
teachers with fields of mathematics
into which they might steer their
high school students. Edmund B.
Whittaker will speak on Actuarial
Science at this meeting.

Mr. Whittaker is Vice-President
of Prudential Insurance Company
of America. He came to America
from Scotland in 1926 and joined
Prudential as nuithemaiician in
1929. He is a member of the Faculty
of Actuaries in Scotland and the
Society of Actutnries. an American
organization. Actuarial Science is
the mathematical theory of insur-
ance.

It is generally conceded that he
has recruited the most capable ac-
tuarial staff of any company in the
world. This meeting is open to all
students and the public.

Marlb oro

  
 
   
 

POPULAR
FILTER PRIOI

Here’s old-fashioned ﬂavor in the new way to smoke.
The manrsizc taste of honest tobacco comes full through. The smooth-drawing
ﬁlter feels right in your mouth. Works ﬁne but doesn’t get in the way.

The Flip—Top Box keeps every cigarette ﬁrm and fresh until you smoke it.

Students Choose Nominees
For Nation-wide Competition

In conjunction with Glamour magazine, the State College News
Board will select one candidate to represent State College in a nation-
wide fashion contest. Anyone wishing to nominate a candidate should
complete the nomination blank below and drop it into the contest box
in lower Draper. From those nominees receiving the top ten percent of
the nominations, News Board Will select one entry who will compete with
candidates from schools all over the country. 

The August issue of Glamour will be devoted entirely to College
fashions. From the entries submitted. the “Ten Best Dressed" college
women will be chosen. Any undergraduate woman is eligible.

—-—— NOMINA'I‘ION BLANK ——
Name: ...................................................................................... 

Address: ........................................................................................ ..

Submitted by: .............................................................................. ..

 

(MADI iN RICHMOND, VIRGINIA. PROM A le MARLIOIO RECIPE)

 

 

 

 

