 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 0

State Attends

Intercollegiate Sales Hall. Suddnly Goes Wild Ov

Mock Senate 

Emil Polak ’57 announces that the
seventh annual New York State In-
ter-collegiate Mock Senate was held
last weekend. The Mock Senate was
held in the Assembly Chambers oi
the State Capitol at Albany.

Over twenty colleges in New York
state were represented including Al-
bany State. Among other colleges
were Rosary Hill. Rensselaer Poly-
technic Institute. Siena. New York
University, Hofstra and Adelphi.

State Representatives

Representing State were four
senators: Marcia Lawrence '57.
Grunna Cohen '59 and Frances
Greenberg and Jack Trombly. fresh-
. men.

Also from Albany were Polak.
who was Sergeant of Arms, and as-
sistant Sergeant of Arms, Michael
Shani '60- M81001!“ RGEMS '57 was man prefers to remain anonymous.
a member of the Steering Commit-
tee, which included representatives
of several colleges and made all
plans for the Senate.

Colleges Submit Bills

Committee work and debate on
hills comprised the greatest part of
the meeting.

The hills which were submitted
and passed by Albany State in—
cluded one to have bakers supply
uniforms for their employees and
to prevent force in the wholesaling
of alcoholic beverages.

Other colleges submitted bills to
cstablish a required course in voca-
tional guidance in all New York
secondary schools; to prohibit the
sale of intoxicating beverages to
minors under twenty-one; and, to
require safety belts as standard
equipment for motor vehicles

Area Theatre
SetsAuditions

Auditions and interviews for the
State College Arena Summer Thea-
tre will be held on May 9 and 10,
at 7:30 pm, in Richardson 291. All
State Coiege students and their
friends who are interested in work-
ing with the Arena Theatre this
summer are invited to attend the
auditions

The Arena Summer Theatre plans
a season oi full-length prodUctions
this year.

Credit (liven For Summer
Theatre ('ourses

Up to live semester hours of 200-
lcvcl credit may be obtained through
t‘:ic stunner courscs in Arena pro—
duction. Complete details ol the
Arcnn’s operation may be found ill
the new Summer Catalogue and on
announccmcnts posted on the Reg-
istrar's bulletin board. thi- English
I)i-piirtinciit's board on thc second
floor oi New Itichurdwn, and on
the DécA bulb-rm board in Rich—
urdson. iirst llool'

 

Full ONLY $695.97
complctc yoti can
attcnd the 6th

WORLD
YOUTH FESTIVAL

iioscow

JULY 28 to AU“. II, 1957

a: «tr/I M
~41

NEW
HIP-TOP BOX

Sturdy to keep
cigarettes from
emailing.

Nu tobacco in
your pocket.
Up to date.

ior inrthcr inioi'mation

 

l‘. S. Youth festival (‘onnnittee
Box 5793 Main l‘ost Ullice
l‘hicago, Illinois

 

 

 

 

\

 

N

W'ORK FOR THE “NEWS” and all this can be yours. The gentle-

feele right in your mouth. Works ﬁne but doesn't get in the way. Modern

POPULAR
"ILTIR PRICE

:

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 3. 1957

Brubacher Beach Beauties Welcome "News" Writers;
er Telescopes

By BILL FRANKONIS

It was heartwarming, iii not
headwarming) to see the advent of
a new intramural sport at State
this week. At long last someone is
beginning to use the resources avail-
able here for the purpose of making
State a better place for all.
Useless Equipment

The best thing about this game is
that it is played every day of the
week and almost anyone can join
in the fun. The only drawback to
the sport is the unpredictability of
the weather sincc clouds or rain
forces a cancellation of thc game.
'I‘Wo other outstanding features of
this exciting new competition are
the minimum amount 01' eilort rc-
quired on the part of the players,
and the almost complete lack of
equipment necessary to participate
As a matter of fact, it seems that
the less equipment a pluycr has,
the better off he, or she is.
Brubacher Beach

The only equipment really nccdcd
is a one piece bathing suit if you

Here 8 old-fashioned ﬂavor in the new way to smoke. Man—size

taste of honest tobacco comes l'ull through. Smooth-drawing filter

 

Flip—Top Box keeps every cigarette iirin and fresh until you smoke it.

(MADE IN IIICHMOND. VIRGINIA, IKOM A NEW muolo IICIPN

are male. and either a one or a two
piece suit if you are female, de-
pending upon which you prefer.
Then all you have to do is he out
on Dorm Field for a couple of hours
every day for a couple of hours.
See? No effort at all involved. The
object of the game is to see who
can outdo the others both in acquir-
ing; a tan. and in attracting atten-
tion. At the end of the week a prize
is awarded to the winner, and this
week's privc is a txvo book set con-
sisting of "The Sun Also Rises" and
"How to Win Friends and Influence
People.“
Sunny Sunday

And here. held until last, is the
most outstanding feature of this
game. It is not subject to Sunday
blue-laws. Although the guys can-
not pluy softball on Dorm Field on
Sunday, it's perfectly all right to
join in the new game and parade
around halt-dressed. So go ahead,
no [0 it.

 

  

 

State College News

 

 

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. SATURDAY. MAY 4. 1957

VOL. XLII. NO. 12

 

Richard Hincl< Triumphs As SA President; Deleat:

Tate By Thirteen Votes; Myskania Numbers Thirteen

Myskania No. 42 Ascends Steps McClain Victorious As SA Vice-President;
Including Seven Women, Six Men Elect Cali, Harter SA Secretary, Songleader

With all the members of Myskania reaching the quota,
the Senior Honorary Society will have seven women and
six men this year. This breaks the two-year tradition of
having eight women and ﬁve men in the Judicial Society.

After the classes had “moved up" to their new posi—
tions and everyone had sung “Arm in Arm,” the Tapping
ceremonies began. The old Myskania ﬁled to the second
row of seats on the stage in preparation for the tapping,
and Marilyn Elizabeth DcSanta, Chairman of Myskania
second semester, and Sara Jane Duffy, Chairman of Mys-
kania ﬁrst semester, and Clyde Irving Payne, President
of Student Association, came forward to the rostrum.

Payne acted as the speaker and announced the names
of the new members oi the Honorary Judiciary Society,
while Miss DeSanta and Miss Duffy presented them with
purple and gold tassels which are the school colors.

PATRICIA RUTH GEARING was the ﬁrst member of
the 1956-1957 Judiciary to be tapped. Nancy Jane Schnei-
der and Joseph John Anderson circled the auditorium,
stopping beside her row in the assembly, as Payne boomed
out her name. Miss Gearing is the new Vice-President of
Women’s Athletic Association.

Sheila Lister and Robert Burns left the stage next to
tap the second person 01' the honored thirteen. The name
of JOSEPH ANTHONY SZAREK boomed out as they stop-
ped next to the row in which he was sitting. Szarek is
Co-Editor-in-Chiei' ol‘ the State College News.

Third to be tapped was JOHN EDWARD STEFANO,
the retiring president 01' the Class 01' 1958. Marcia Mc-
Kenzie Lawrence and Anderson escorted Stefano to the
rostrum where Miss DeSanta pinned on his purple and
gold tassel. Stefano served on Student Council for three
years and is Assistant Director of Men‘s Frosh Camp
ior next year.

Barbara Ilungcrl'ord and Mary Elizabeth Knight left
the stage, circled around the auditorium, and stopped as
Payne boomed out the name oi ROBERT JOHN KOPECEK,
the Chairman oi” Warrcnsburg Camp Board.

RONALD WILLIAM ALEXANDER, the newly elected
Presidan of thc Senior Class was next to be tapped. Betty
Rae VanVlack and Miss Scl‘mcidcr brought Alexander to
the stage.

Miss Hungcriord and Dominick John licCt-cco escorted
FREIDA MARCIA COHEN, the ncw President oi Dramatics
and Arts Council to the rostrum.

The scvcnth mcmbci' to bc tapped was RICHARD H.
llINCK, thc ncwly clcctcd Prcsidcnt, ot' Student Associa~
tion. He was brought to thc stugc by Miss VanVluck and
Burns.

JACK STANLEY ’I‘A'I‘E was ncxt to bc tuppcd by An—
dcrson and DcCccco. ’I‘atc was Co—Chairnuin oi Junior
Guidcs this your and is a mcmbcr oi Election Commission.

’I‘hc ncw Student Association Songlcadcr, SALLY MAY
IiAR'l‘ICR, was next to bc tuppcd, Miss Ilartcr is also As-
sistant Director oi Women’s li‘rosh chkcnd. Shc was
brought to thc stagc by Miss Lislcr and Miss VanVluck.

EILEEN MARY LALLEY, this ycar's Junior Class Vicc-
l’rcsidcnt asccndcd the stage, cscortcd by Miss Ilungcrl'ord
and Miss Sclincidcr. Miss Lallcy was I’Iomccoining chk-
cnd Chairman this ycar,

Miss Lawrcncc and Miss Listcr iiichd down irom the
stage to tap MARILYN GENEVIEVE LEACH, the ncw Di—
rector ol" Women's Ii‘rosh chkcnd Miss Leach schcd on
Studan Council for twri ycui's and is the incoming Secre—
tary oi Dramatics and Arts Council.

As silence l'cll again, Miss Knight and DeCccco de-
scended from the stage, circled the auditorium and stopped
as the name of MARY CA'I‘IlItYN BRADLEY boomed out
from the stage. Miss Bradley was Secretary of Student
Association her Sophomore year and Co-Chah'man of Jun—
ior Guides this year.

As the suspense mounted Miss Lawrence and Burns
circled the auditorium looking tor the last member to be
tapped. LORRAINE JANICE KOZLOWSKI, Chairman oi
Sta e Fair came to the stage to claim seat number thirteen
0t Myskania.

RICHARD IIINCK

 

In a very close race for the Student Association Presi-
dency, Richard Hinck received 13 more votes than Jack
Tate 'to emerge victorious as the President of Student
Association for 1957—1958. Out of the 937 votes cast, Hinck
obtained 457 votes while Tate received 444. Hinck served
as Student Association Vice-President for the past year.

Donald McClain walked away with the Vice-Presidency
of Student Association by receiving 463 more votes than
his opponent. McClain acted as Sophomore Class President
for the last two semesters.

The position of Student Association Secretary went
to Joan Cali in the fourth distribution. Although given a
close race by Jean Knapp, Miss Cali ﬁgured ﬁrst in all
distributions.

. Sally Harter, meeting the quota on the ﬁrst distribu-
1hora, eas1ly captured the post of Student Association Song—
ea er.

Eight New Members of Student Board of Finance

StudentBoard of Finance members for next year will
be Donald Rice and Jack Tate, Juniors; Jane Cass, Carolyn
Olivo and Richard Ronconi, Sophomores; and Frank Can-
nizzo, Owen Davis and Ann Fleming, freshmen.

Athletic Advisory Board Elections
State College Athletic Advisory

  A   Board's new members are as follows:

John Stefano and Ronald Graves,

' I I I Juniors; Sally Weeks and R be't
   58, 59/   Kampf, Sophomores. Graves 0will

Ronald Alexander. Bruce Norton
and Frank Krlvo have been elected
Presidents ol the cusses 01 1958.
1959 and 1963 respectively. Leading
the Class oi' 19:38 with Alexander
“ill l,(‘ Vice-President, Warren Dun-
hum; Scci'ctory, Patricia Gearing;
’I‘rcasurcr, Judith SWllI’i, and Pub-
licity Director, Maryann Kuskow-

‘Ped' Elects
Zervas Editor

’1 ho State (‘ollcuc News Board has
unnonnccd additions to the Board
and :till', uccoi'dmg to Mni‘ic Delt-
incr :nnl Joscph Smrck. Juniors and
Co»l£dilors.

Willium Frankoms 'fi'J is the new
Associate Fcnturc Editor. 'I'lic new
Dcsk Editors ot lhc Editorial Stall
ni'c Mzil'llHl Burns, Joun Cllll, Mar-
('12! C.I\'llllilllt.',ll. l)ll\l(l l’cdnnin,
linrbni'u l‘llllllltlltl, Mui‘it Jcntoit»
Nilscn, Mary l‘l‘llt‘ll Johnson. ltochcllc
Kihiisch, l\'lill"y l\’lili'tllil Manhunt,
Joint-s Nit-Hugh. Elizabeth Spcnrci',
.lllll Molilt'il 'lrnulzur. lrcslnncn.

l‘ll‘Lll lll‘l'lllt‘l‘ ‘.i7. i'ctirnig Editor
ol llll’ l'cdiigoguc llllh i'clcnscd tlic
iinincs oi lhow choscn lor llll' liib’i-
,‘,i; [ml lloin'd l'Irtuor-nLClncl will
bc Dukcnc Zt'l'\'.is 'iiii ilcr stall will
(Atheist ol Nliili‘) Moiilcull, llllﬁl-
in-ss Moliugt'i". Shcilai Moiuilnm and
Lauri'ncc Munmon, (lo—Litcrnry
l‘ltllltilh, unit Judy l’cni'lstonc and
llcloi'm ltiisscl, (fo-(lrgiinmilions
Editor All are Juniors.

limiting the Winner shill as l‘ltll-
[or no lllﬁ’i—lill will bc Arthur l’lot—
ink '59, unnonnccs Juno li'runklund,
Editor, ions—5'1 Assisting Plotiiik us
his stall will bc llrucc Atkins, Lit—
crnry Editor; Hill ('nndncr, Business
Milnugci'; Cecil B uni, Public Itchi—
tions Editor, Juniors; and John
ltcinci's '57, Art Editor.

Mary She ton '38 has been elected
Director of Press Bureau lor 1957-
58. Assisting Miss Shelton will be
Aim Gi'lt'l'in, Assistant Director;
Barbara Hubluk, Secretary, Juniors.
Also, Pat Kovulcski, ’I‘rcusurei'. Mur—
ciu Kaspersuk, ’I‘ry-out Chairman,
Sophomores; and Jean Novak '80,
Publicity Director.

act as Chairman oi" the Board
ski. Student Council members from While Kampf Will be, 39011393135
the class oi 1953 will be Robert wm be the
Bosoniworth, David Fotheringhain, 5A Council Electio'n
Nancy Monteau and Lloyd Sey— In the Student Association Coun-

mour. cil election, three candidates were
. eliminated b )i'el‘erA w v ' 0'
'BJ'UCL‘ NUI'W“ ‘15 the new Jumm’ only four caiiirlidates bimbo 
01515“? PVC-“199m 191' Ah? 00mm?!» Wu"- The remaining four made the quota
Sel‘vmg Mm mm WI” be M11110“ The new Couiicll members are 'is
S’CIUI‘UHO “5 Vice'Pl'QSIdemi 001" follows: Suzanne Lieberman '58
one Mm‘u' us Secretary: David Charles Richard Willis '59 and
Youst as Treasurer; Rosemary Sepe Charles Fowler and Duugiut; pm-
as Songlcudci'; mid Brenda Buch- mid. Hesmnen ' I
unun us Publicity Director. Student '
Council members are George Har-
ris, Ann King, Natalie Lcmoinc,  

:nid Winit‘rcd Youngs.

Rcccivinu eighty-live more lirst  

plucc mics than his nearest oppon-
cnt, Frank Krivo was victorious in
the l'il('t‘ tor the Presidency oi the C I
Sophonioi'c Class. Other executives  
will be Vicc-Ih'esldcnt, Paul Hooker; Marilyn Lciich ‘58, Director oi
St‘i‘l‘l'llil'_\', l)()llllii Harris; ’I‘rcnsurcr, Womcn's Ii‘rosh Catlin), announces
(.‘iithcrinc Antoinicci; Songlcaidci', the billowing counsclloi's l'or tllr
lio~cinuric Bordonuro; Cln-crlcudcr, Suptcmbcr ucckcnd. Counsellors
Bcvcrly llurkc; Publicity Dircclor, lroin thc class oi limit lll'L'Z Buriicttu
ltosc (Ynibonc. Council incinbci's tor Ilroiniicld, Mnric l)cttmcr, Eileen
ltitio lll'l‘ Hubert Iiclwig, (irzicc Ncs- Lullcy, Junct Muck, Patricia Mc-
bitl and llcrbcrt Walther (irutlr Nancy Montcnu. Susanne
itiissi-ll. Mary Shelton, lii'i'lllcc 'l'y»
- - lei'. iiiid Dukcno Zcrvus.
Signum Laud/s lnclucts Mcmbcrr, Hi the tan... .,l 195!) sm—
ing its counsellors nrc: Mui'lcnc
Twenfy_ThreeSfUC/enf‘ Aclu‘i‘nnm, ()ui'ol Alllc, l“l'l(l(lil Buch-
“ mun (‘hurlotte Brown, Mlll'l'lil Cog-
h\. Mill'll)‘ll Suc (iootti'lt'li, Murv
ganri lloWill'll, Ainic King. Corrnn-
Mnrro. Grace Pulinissuho, .izinc
Showcnnun, und Slicilti Dailn'nsm.
Counsellors from the l'rt-shnnni
class include: Cutlit'l‘liie Antonucci.
Lilldn llarbcttu, Katherine Bellini).
lloscmnry Bordoncro. Joan Cull.

Signum l..iudis, thc h‘i'litilaihlli'
honorary society oi Stutc (.‘ollcglgc
will l't'i‘l‘lVl‘ lIic lollowlng new incin-
bcrs. annionnccs June Frunkhmd ‘57,
President. The final two per ('i'ill
ol the chins oi Ill-'37 til'CJ (it'orgc lic-
llll', John Paul Downcs, Lillian: Fer»

I'lll‘ll, l’uulii chul I.lclii':‘i‘, Albert 7 _ . . .,
(intmnn, ’l‘rudv Steimner, Betty Vun MUM" [JCMCIWCI' . An” lime)"
vmck Donna Harris, Estele Kuutnuin.

Theresa Kci‘wlii, Jean Knapp, Lor—
Ill thc iii-st four per cent oi' thc liilIlt‘ Luttu, Martha Lesick, Nancy
.lunior class to be named are: Mary MCQUWHJL Mum JCHW“ - NHSI’JL
Aikenv mm [ii-comm, Arlene 131m- Joun Novuk, Catherine Russo, Eliz-
bauin. Robert Bishop, Mary 0, I‘lul- ubcth Spencer- Altcmuwb‘ will he?
look, 1"I‘ltfdu Cohen, John Ei'tle, Claudia Allcock. Nancy Richards.
Helen Holmium, Richard Hinck, Sully Weeks". Juniors; Shea Allen.
Charles LuFontalue, Carlton Max- All“ Fleming. Fay McMorc, Marion
son, Valerie Schneider. Carmlta Silverstcln. and Marcella Van Leu‘
Slubu, Donald Rice, Carol Wiggins, Vt”. “Whine”
Dukene Zervas. Warren Dunham '58, Director or
‘ Men's Frosh Camp, has announced
Members Of blisnum Laudts must his camp officers and counsellors
have 3“ BVL’FBSe of at least 3.00 and for the September camp. Serving us
must be animus the WI) 16” Per Cent Assistant Director will be John
sellomﬁuwl‘y 01’ their CIRSS- (Continued on Page .i, Holmium;

 

