 

 

 

 

“‘35 4 STATE COLLEGE NEws. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 13. 1957

l—\_/CF Plans Christmas Party; Class Presents Greeks Initiate Members;
Schedule Christmas Parties

Club Schedules Discussion

Ellen McLaughlin ’58, President, announces that Thursday, December
19, the Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship will go Christmas caroling to
Albany Hospital and local homes. Transportation for the Christmas
caroling will be available at Brubacher Hall at 7:30 pm.

The IVCF has received an invitation to the International Students
Christmas Party which is being held tonight in Loudonville. For infor-
mation concerning transportation contact Miss McLaughlin at 2-9612.

Edward Strauss '58, President, announces that the Charming Club
will meet Sunday, December 15, at 2:30 pm. in Chann‘ing Hall of the
Unitarian Church opposite Draper Hail. The topic for discussion will be
“The Origins of Christmas."

._.—- 0MP GOUNSELOB OPENINGS ——

— For Faculty, Students and Graduates -—

The Association of Private Camps

. . . comprising 250 outstanding Boys. Girls, Brother-Sister and
Co-Ed Camps, located throughout New England, Middle Atlantic
States and Canada.

. . . INVITES YOUR INQUIRIES concerning,r summer employment
as Counselolrs, Instructors or Administrators.

. . . POSITIONS in children’s camps. in all areas of activities, are
available.

i

WRITE. OR CALL IN PERSON:
ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS—DEPT. C
55 West 42nd Street. Itoom 743 New York 36, N. Y.

 

 

 

Last Readings
From Literature

The Class in Oral Interpretation
will present its final Evening of
Readings Wednesday in Draper 349
at 8 pm.

Rita Lesko '59, coached by Irma
Warfield, Grad. is reading “While
the Auto Waits" by 0. Henry.

“The Christmas That Almost

Wasn’t" by Ogden Nash will be giv-
en by Claudia Zabin and Elinor
Caton, Seniors, coached by Joyce
Scheub.

Marceline Waggoner '59 will read
Robert Frost's poem “The Death of
the Hired Man.” Her coach has
been Margaret Hagar.

"Our Lady's Juggler" by Anatole
France will be read by Marion
Sclortino '59, directed by Beverly
Rahn '53. A comic excerpt from
"Universitv Days" by James Thurber
is Nancy Richards' '59 selection. She
has been coached by Roberta Roy
'58. Eliot's "Murder in the Cathe-
dral" will be read by Charles Weed
 directed by Adrianna Warner.

Sororities and fraternities have
scheduled a number of events for
the coming weeks, including Christ-
mas parties for faculty and mem-
bers, a coffee hour, and initiations.
Kappa Delta

Charlotte Norton ‘58, President,
announces that Sharon Robins ’59
has been made corresponding sec-
retary of the sorority.

Psi Gamma

Initiations will be held Monday
for Audrey Hurd and Margaret
O'Donnell, Sophomores, announces
Patricia Kennedy '58. President.
Chi Sigma Theta

A Christmas party for the facility
of Chi Sigma Theta is scheduicd for
Sunday from 2 to 5 p.m., states
Eileen Lnllcy 'J8, Vice-President.
Beta Zeta

A coffee hour will be held for the
Edward Eldred Potter Club Mon-
day night at 8:45 pm, according to
Sally Harter '58. President.

Phi Delta

Patricia Gearing ‘58, President,

announces that the traditional was-

 

 

 

“lIc gets a lot to like—filter, flavor, flip-top box.” The works.
A filter that means business. An easy draw that’s all
ﬂavor. And the flip-top box that ends crushed cigarettes.

(MADE IN RICHMOND, VIRGINIA. FROM A PRIZED RECIPE)

    

POPULAR HLTER PRICE

“I W
"Slit-S "Run"
lull poll the tub

slowly and the
(Ina/oil" pop

Up. Nu digging.
Na Iloolalo.

 

 

 

sail party with Sigma Lambda Sig
ma will be held Wednesday.

Also, Kay Belknap, Harriet Dent
and Fay McMore, Sophomores, um:
Jeanne Paczkowski '59 have been
initiated.

Kappa Beta

James Lorlcchio '58, Presideni
states that the fol‘owlng pledges
will be initiated Sunday: Robcri
Bolender. Arthur Hackett, Edward
Jones, Daniel Lee, Pat Moylan, Don-
ald Reinfurt, Richard Robare, Rich-
ard Sane, and Arthur Thompson
Sophomores; Anthony Corcelia '55;
and William Garno '58.

Sigma Lambda Sigma

Ronald Pryor ‘58, President, un-
nounces that the annual Christmas
Party will be held this evening oi
the Sigma Lambda Sigma house
from 9 to 12 pm. John Ormsbcc '59.
Vice-President and Social Chnirnniu.
is in charge of the event.

Christmas . . .

(Continued from Page 1, Column 5}
lrnru MacDonald '58; East House.
“Hallelujah,” "Hodic Christus Nntus
Est." Madeline Dcspres ":39; Edward
E drcd Potter Club, “Go Tell it ()n
the Mountain." “The Birthdny of a
King," Robert Bosomworth '58:
Gamma Kappa Phi, "Christmas l>
th" Day," “The Little Bells of
Christmas," Gail Hogan '59; Knppn
Beta, “The Birthday of a King."
"Joy to the World,’ Joseph Foscgnn
‘59; Kappa Delta, “Christmas Rollii»
delay," “Chcrubim Song.“ Doi'otll)
Harper '59; Phi Delta, “l Womb-1
As I Wonder," “Gcsu Bambino,“
“Mili'ltlll Siverstcin "1); Pierce Hull
“Angels Over the Fields," "Jing'll-
Bcfls," Elizabeth Cook '60; Psi Gunr
ma, “Carol oi the Bells." "Angels
We Have Heard on High," Judith
Ambrosino '58; Snycs Hull, “Oh
Holy Night," “0 Come All Ye
Faithful,” Jan Greene '59; Sigma
Alpha. “Mary's Little Boy Child."
“I Heard the Bells on Christmas
Day." Ruth Trimble ’59; Sigma
Lillibdil Sigma, “A Very Merry
Christmas," “The Christ oi the
Snow," Richard Bartholomew ‘58:
Sigma Phi Sigma. “Deck the Halls,“
“White Christmas," Arlene Dio-
mond ‘59.

Student Union Board will hold a
Coffee Hour in Brubuchrr Lower
Lounge right after the conclusion of
the Sing announce Janice (irnlunn
and Dave Mend, Sophomores untl
Co-chnirmcn. Freshman women will
have 11 o'c ock hours so that they
may attend and hour the three
winners sing ugnin.

Society Slates

GuestSpeaker

Edward Koubek '57, President of
the Student Affiliates oi the Ann-r—
icnn Chemical Socil-ly. announces
that their nest int-cling will be held
Wednesday at 7:30 |l.lll. in lllihll'd.
room 250.

Dr. Charles Mnloin- (.1 llli‘ (il‘lll'l'nl
l‘ili'i'll'ii' (.‘ompnnr wrll speak on
radium-lire iui lull.

You (ll) lllll llill’i' In In ll llll‘llllll‘l
of [his organization to .Illl'llil lin-
meeting. l‘.Vl'i'_\'i)lil' i. un'uc-ll

 

No Rush
No Fuss

at the
SNACK
BAR

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER I3. 1957

 

 

71m 0713;: Mid

By A li'l‘ I’LO’I‘N l K

The Albany State apartment dwellers are a rare lot

indeed, for they have confronted themselves, either by dc-
sire or necessity, rather suddenly with the complications
and joys 01' adult living.

Since the start of the housing shortage at State, more

Speaking in broad, broa

spends thirty dollars a month
with two others, usually of the same sex. He lives in
a dwelling consisting of three rooms
room, and a kitchen,

closets with his mates. The

and more students have been taking this monumental
. step, until now, at the peak of
dwellers chill the faint heart by force 01' sheer number. I
fear these people not. On the contrary, I speak to them,
befriend them, and live their way 01' life, for you see, I, too,
am—not a Martianabut an apartment dweller. Thus, the
Open Mind travels this week within the dank chambers of
student dwellings, and brings forth i'or the ﬁrst time to
his most curious public—THE SECRET TRUTH ABOUT
APARTMENTS.

the shortage, the apartment

(:1 averages, each cave—man
for rent. He shares his hut

a bedroom, a living—

 

Hc shares one bathroom and two

furnishings are old and or—

PAGE 5

 

        
 

Photography by
Willard Gillette
and
Don Bindrum

Above is my apartment. The picture. shows a corner
of the iivingroom, in which a double—headed red lamp
lights a modern black chair. The walls are white,
with red and black fixtures. The. floor is black enamel.
the furnishings—my own—are in reds, gold and black.

I.rfi of the picture, is the unbelievable iivingroom
oi' the Indy Calvin-(Horia Meyer-Janice Manning-
Mvm Sandlcr apartment. The. room measures forty
ly twenty feet. Its iu'o balconies overlook Washing-
ton Park and the front porch oi' the Potter house.
innumerable after-date conversations of the Potter
men have been overhcard—unintentionally of course—
by the residents. The furnishings are lavish and valu-
able. 'I‘he statues, rugs. and lamps in the livingroom
are valued in the thousands. Rent: Forty dollars per
girl per month. The owner of the one-time mansion
i; benevolent, and reﬂects rent Inerer to cover ex-

nate, but comfortable. The three mates eat scanty break- WINES-
i'asts, elaborate dinners, and countless snacks in the apart-

ment. For this i'ood each eater contributes eight dollars a
week. Cooking and washing duties rotate, and house

cleaning is a once-a-month, three-man job.
I maintain with conﬁdence that the above description

hoveiers, but there is yet th
consider. This group reprcsen

1 applies rather closely to eighty or ninety percent of the

6 remaining ten percent to
ts the bohemian, lust-for-hfc

minority, the oil-beat jokers that transcend the realm of

adult life.

Left of this sits Stu Orton in the apartment he
rimres with Ralph Wesselmann. It is a typical stu-
dmt arartment. There are four basement rooms,
with a monumental l'athroom. Stu sits in the living-
Hill", and through one of those unexplained holes-
in-ihe-wall, a guest who stands in the bedroom is
risihle. An interesting feature is the red light on
the livingroom ceiling which is used to provide just
(nough light. Rent: sixty per.

Below Stu is another view of the house unbelievable.

Behind the gilt-edged Victorian furniture is the thirty
by ili‘tccn i'oot bedroom. The three marble fireplaces

The wild one lives alone, pays ﬁlly dollars a month .n the four-room anartnnint are not shown.

for everything, has a bedroom and a sink—little else, has

a dwelling too cold to catch ﬁre, aesthetic furnishings and

Sean Morris, en the bottom-left, pays thirty per
month for his two-room flat. Ills second room is

' 0l3_jCCLS,tl11Cl '01 PthC (l'OUl' Parties). HQ lives on spaghetti. the bathroom, larger than the llringroom. [t is a

bCCi', love, and dust. H0 studies and creates because he is until. but comfortable bachelor apartment complete

lonely, insecure, frustrated, and cynical (as is the way 01'
' genius), lovcs small animals, and like

Washington.

The apartment story continues on the right, as we in-
. vcstigate the speciﬁc features of a cross—section of" homes,

one of which, as you might have guessed, is mine.

s Lincoln better than

with Iii-iii, bulliight posters, and a bathtub in which
to wash dishes. (No sink.)

(in the right, this view of my livlngroom suggests
more of the black, red. and white theme. I pay thirty
1 -r month for everything, although I furnished and
painted my tire rooms myself. The other three apart-
ments shown were pro—furnished.

 

 

