 

of student government is outmoded.
it doesn’t work and it cannot work.
They further argue that some new
plan is needed. As a. result indivi-
duals and groups are spending hours
of work developing a plan of rep-
resentative government. a student
senate, or any new twist that might
replace the status quo.

ls Change. Necessary?

the government or do we need a few
less impulsive modifications in the
present convocation system, modifi-
cations which will iron out some of
the trouble spots that anyone might
expect to find in any new plan?

article (both interested in govern-
ment and disinterested) actually re-
alize the philosophy of the convoca-
tion as it was set up last year?
Those responsible for developing the
present convocation plan sought to
determine the things about the as-
sembly (as SA legislative meetings
were then called) that the student

tried to remove the less important
items of business which could be left
to other units of the government to
be handled more expeditiously. In
essence then, the plan attempted to
bring to convocation only business
that would be of interest and im-
portance to the student body as a
whole.

Right Approach

and dissatisfaction with government
this year? Could it be that students
are clearly not interested in much
of the business taken up in legis-
lative convocations? Is it possible
that this situation could be cor-
‘ rected by perhaps further eliminat-
ing business from the legislative
convocation, thereby making them
fewer in number and of the type
v that might draw interest because of
the topic of discussion itSelf? Is it
possible that many of the issues
which the group last year felt to
be of sufficient importance to SA
as a. whole are not really consider-
ed to be such this year?

in developing something new, why
not attempt to understand the plan
now in effect. If budgets and con-

of business which should be taken
out of convocation. do so and leave
the association with the power to
check, to review the business legis-

PAGE 4

Government-Then Revise Opens College

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 15. 1957

Students Should Understand State University Myskania Announces

By ROBERT BETSCHA

Each week State College students Iated on by a lesser group if cir-   I

cumstances warrant such action.
Try to realize the purpose of the .
convocation as originally constitut~ has recently announced plans to News printed f1 letter “0;” MYSRaSIljai
ed—a place where major issues would Open a new teacherS’ 0011838 he“ telling or om forthctgm ngwmeek g
be taken up and a. place for meet- fall. The college, to be called State With the admihlsm on'd eiasiFI
ings of the association with an en- University College of Long Island, for quesuonsv ‘deas an or c ""
tertaining or educational intent.

make statements in and out of print
to the effect that the present form

Do we need a radical change in

How many of you reading this

What are the reasons for unrest

Before people spend many hours

disinterest in,

The

o 0
Tu"! Democraci” The new college will open with a  H
An immediate reaction to this student body of about 150 students.
suggestion might be—“If we elim- Future freshman classes will be
inate budgets and constitutional about the same size.
amendments from the
convocation,

student government at State Col-
lege. I agree that “‘pure democracy"
just won’t work in a college of this
size. I disagree that we need a new
body found uninteresting. They form of government — just :1 few
minor changes could presumably
correct the situation.

Albany See/(s
C ify Delegate

The Albany Junior Chamber of
Commerce announces that it
seeking a 1957 Community Anions-
sador to visit Austria this summer.
Applications are available at. the
Chamber of Commerce Office. 74
Chapel Street and must be submit-
ted by April 15.

Applicants must be between the
ages of 18 and 30 and must live.
work or attend school in Albany.
They must be able to spend from
ten to twelve weeks away between
June 15 and September 15.
person who is chosen will
serve as Albany's Community Am-
basador until the following spring
and must be available during that
time to speak to local groups about
his experiences abroad and life in
the country he has visited. He will
be required to furnish no money ex—
stitutional amendments are items cept what he wishes to take for
personal expenses. Prior to May 15,
a group of prominent Albany citiv
zens will select the person to serve
as Ambassador,

legislative

 

 

   

"it's FOR REAL!

  

FIREBUG*

A thousand curses on that slim,
Incendiary she

Who—~calculating shrewdly my
Combustibility—

Enflamcd me with her eyes and let

me burn so merrily

That when the fire was out she’d made

A perfect ash of me.

MORAL: Where there’s fire—there’s

smoke. So pull yourself together,

 

by Chester Field

  
   

chum, and put a flame to the end of [‘h

your Chesterfield King. Ah-h-h-h—

that feels better. Take comfort in

that regal. royal length. En'oy the

smoothest natural tobacco lter.

Savor the smoothest tastin smoke

today- acked more smoot
by ACCli-RAY! y

Like your pleasure Ila?
chm-racial ion. hmvorﬂhlnll

'36!) l to Daniel J. Eulliuan. Holy Crou College.

[or li a Chain Field poem.

:60 [or null miles}??th mu accepted [or guﬁkﬁ-

lion. Cheakrﬁdd. 0. Box 2!. New York 4
0 Hum I Inn Imam

 

 

 

The State University of New York

will be temporarily located at Plant-
ing Field, near Oyster Bay, L. I.

By SANDRA HOWE

housed in a 60-room mansion. Ad-

joining buildings will be converted l‘ong Broadway mm

colleges. It will provide a. broad Saturday evenings-
foundation with specialization in
mathematics, physics.
degree of Bachelor of Science. “plain” than “fancy”

The proposed Dean of the College
is Leonard K. Olsen. Olsen received
his A.B. from the University of Chi-

Peopie You Know

years ago was a Director of Special

Chicago. Last year he joined the “Name but despotic father.
SUNY Central Administration Staff.

 

(WM Kin/seed
By ART PALAZZOLO

pr .
PAGE “’8

friends had! Stay away from the as the sentimental.

Broadway production!

PALACE

Battle Hymn with Rock Hudson.
Dan Dui'yea and Martha Hyer. The
true story of Col. Dean Hess. the

promoting Isaac Miller.

Meanwhile, Backstage

CinemaScope and Technicolor. Also theatrical baCkgl‘Olih‘i
showing is The Night Runner, "the

about today’s most shocking prob- Feldma“ ’57: Choreographer.

lempgmr' ho“, to ﬁnd a parking shrew produce music and dancing
rivaling that of the Broadway cast,
to say nothing of the efforts of the

place in Albany.

STRAND

_ performers they have chosen.
The True Story of Jesse James

legends." POW! POW! “Mighticr “my grinds!
than the law!" ’FWANNG! (That

paradise of the South Seas!"

DELAWARE
The Wild ()ats. Fernanda! is back
again with his finest and iunuicsi,

rounding towns!

“also the Roof!
English subtitles.

Roll Randell, Iplionciic ch what?“ minutes!
and Gloria Saunders. 'Sco llll'll and

probably just as incoiiiprchriisiolc. tili‘ doing such a splcndid job.

—-—for Faculty, Students and Graduates—

‘ r A O I l ) I ‘
1 o
'lhe Assocmtion of I made Lamps
. Comprising 250 outstanding Boys’ (iii'is'. Brother—Sister and
(Jo—Ed Camps. located throughout the New England. Middle At-
lantic States and Canada.
. . lNVl’l‘ES YOUR INQUIRIES concerning summci‘ employ—
ment as Counsellors, Instructors or Administrators.
. POSITIONS in children‘s camps. in all lli'f‘ilS of activities
are available.
Witl’l‘li'. (lit CALI. iN PERSON;
ASSOCIATION 01" PRIVATE CAMPS—DEPT. C
55 West 42nd Street, ltooin 743 New York 36. N. Y.

 

Work is soon to begin on a new  

there won‘t be any permanent campus which will be
business to conduct.” True. there ready for occupancy in 1962. This
won't be any business of the type campus is to be developed at Stony
that SA members continually express Brook, L. I.. and will have entering ,
and perhaps there classes of about 600. The campus may be the beginning or 3 new
wouldn’t be more than two or three will cover 340 acres.
legislative convocations a year where

This year's State College Revue

trend here—one that many feel is
The present, temporary campus an improvement. For the first time
major items of business might be was donated to SUNY by the late hi its {OUT-Year hismrih the Re‘iuu
debated. or where SA might use its Wil lam Coe. The college will be Will be a DYOleSSthﬂl Play.
power of check.
I a ree with those who are dis- . v .. -
satisfiged with the present status of into dormitories and dining halls. The” “mice! hit Plain
State University College on Long Favth ODEmad 0“ Broadway
Island's program is designed to train January, 1955. and enjoyed a fifteen
science and mathematics teachers month run. State College Revue \vill
for high school and community present this play on Friday and

The action centers around Bird-
chemistry, In-Hand. an Amish community in
and biology, and will lead to the Pennsylvania. where life is more

You will enjoy the performance
cago in 1936. Since receiving his dc- of Bob D'Andrea '60 as Dan King.
gree he has been in the navy as a and Barbara. Hungel‘lord '57 as 
Lt. Commander, has worked as a Winters. New York sophisticates who
research assOciate for the Encyclo-  themselves in the  Of
bedia Britannica, and until two preparations for an Amish wedding.
Of course, the wedding is com-
Projects and Associate Professor of Phcated by the “Eternal triangle."
Humanities at the University of which is further complicated by a

Sweet Katie Yoder will be ably
portrayed by Veronica Davis '59. Her
suitors. Ezra and Peter Reber—Ken-
neth Smith ’59 and Robert Helwig
’60—vie for Papa Yoder‘s favor. Joe
Ilardo '60 will be charming as well
as convincing as the heavy handed

, Marion Sciortino '59 is erfectl

Plain and Fancy “"m all a“ 5”” cast as Hilda Miller, the \liould-bh,
C35" 001mm“ Gay! Musma“ see Amish femme fatale, and Carolyn
Went you never Lhoughb you" Olivo '59 promises to be delightful
. . Pennsylvania.
mowes this weekend and see a real loving Emma. Morton Hess .57

amusing and sincere as the marriage

The director. Charles Weed '60, is
jetqockey Chaplain m Korm‘ I” ooing a splendid job, as befits his

The combined talents of George
motion picture that tells the truth Hun“ “’0' mus” (“mm/“3 and Dle

_ State College's claim to fame
With RObf‘l'l Wilt-their Jeffrey Hilll- won't be strictly academic after
[or and Agnes Moorhead. In color you've Witnesscd the spectacular
and CmL‘mUSCODC- "BOldCI‘ than lllf‘ carnival scone, coi'nplctc with bumps

Don Jackson '60 has done an ex-
last sound is a bullet rlcocheting off continua] job with scpnm'y design,
a bouldciw The second feature is Be sure to check the prosccniiun-
The Women of Pitcairn Island with sized road map for Bird—In-Hand
JIINH‘S Cl‘ﬂlg Mid Lynn Bill'l? "LOW and particularly the threo sur-

’l'lii- M‘i’lliH» and songs arc (llVl‘l'H-
one yet. It’s a Fi'ciichie lilllilil'l with ‘30“ mm “m “H mum-V lmngumg'
l'()l' you skeptics who ask, “How do
You Raise a Burn?" the "Plain .iiid
lil’i‘Z Fancy" cast Will show you when
1000 Years From Now starring lhcy do just. that on stngc in till'i'l‘

"This Is All Vi-i‘y New To Me"
woini-n ill a worid beyond our coin- is true of this iypc of production
pi'chcnsions!” Also cxplodiiig on the at State, and ‘11. Wonders Me" that
sci'i-cii is Invasion I'SA Wlll"ll is ilu'si-"Youiigoiid Foolish"collcgluiis

m CAMP GOUNSELLOH OPENINGS m

 

Results Of Meeting

By MARILYN DE SANTA

Two weeks ago the State College from anyone at all; one person
mentioned to us what she wouh
like discussed at a meeting of this
type. We had this meeting lasi
Monday and plan to meet again

next week.

Broken Ice

This first meeting accomplishto

several very important things.

1. It was one of the few attempz.
to exchange ideas between adminis-
tration and students. We found thui
discussion was free—“the ice on.

be broken."

2. It was discovered that nlfil'l‘
communication is needed bele’f‘ll
the administration and students. I!
this communication did exist then-
would be answers to such questions
as "What is the Student Faculty
Corporation?"; “Why isn‘t cafeteria
food better?"; “Where is the Public
Relations Department of this col»-
lege?"; “Do students have to appro-
priate funds to advertise for Start-
College?"; “Why can't the Educa-
reorganizcd ? ";
“Why don’t students help to plan
the curriculum?" It may surprise
some students to know that the ad-
ministration is just as anxious to
meet with the students as students
are to meet with the aciminisim~

tion courses be

tion.

CinemaScope

3. Student Government should in-
crease its scope. Rather than lllllll
itself to special interests groups, u.
should in its revision appeal to ill:-
whole student body. Our philosophy
of government needs to be changed.

This meeting sewed to lay tlic
ground work for future meeting.
We have openly stated our prob-
lems; the ensuing meetings will at«

tempt to solve these problems.
Help Wanted

If you have any ideas, questions.
or viewpoints that you would like to
See brought to the administration
please let a Myskania member know

u.

hem.

Greeks Hold

Open Houses

Pledging. open houses, and lun-
cheons are the news from the Grcck

houses this week.
Psi Gamma

Mary Lou Meiser ‘57. President oi

Psi Gamma. announces the pledg—
ing of Mildred Paka  Psi (lam~
ma Will hold open house for Stairs-

mcn Sunday from 3 to 5 pm.

They will have a coffee hour for

Sigma Lambda Sigma Mondull ill
8:15 pm.
(‘hi Sigma Theta

Chi Sigma. Theta will llllVi' opcn
house for parents Saturday from
10:30 n.in. to l p.in., lllllliilllh‘i'“
Mary Furncr '57, President. Tlic lol-
lowiiig arc in charge of coininiliw'h
for tho cvciil: Murcia lucvliic, l)cco--
rations; Lenore Hughes, licccnlioil.
Seniors; Shirley Puhncr '59, Food.
Sigma Phi Sigma

Sigma Phi Sigma will hold tilil'll
house for parents Saturday from
12 in 3 p.iii., announces Paula
[miner '57. Pl‘l'bldi'llt. Lcilu Lcyim-
is ill (‘lllll‘gf’ of i'el’rcslunciils and
Barbara Schwui‘tzbcrg is ill charm“
of decorations, Sophomores 'lhc
theme for tho open liousc will lll‘
"Sig Phi Bubyloiid."

lieia Zeta

Nuncy l/(ililil'lfttu ’57, President of
Iii-to Zola, announces a buffet. lun—
cheon for the parents Saturday
from 12:30 in 1:30 pm. at the Ho-
i'orily i'iouhc.

 

 

FeIICia's Beauty Salon
53-A No. Lake Ave.
lNCfil‘ Washington AVc.i
"JIMMY">~-‘Huir Stylist
Telephone $9749

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 15, 1957

  

PAGE I

 

 

$710th an stale

BY JAN CHAMPAGNE

You sit either smoking a cigarette ranging in age from seven to seven-
or chewing your ﬁngernails, and teen) live on a farm outside of Al-
finally the secretary nods. You enter bany. This farm has become a
the Inner Sanctum with mildly strange sort of hobby. not directly
shaking knees to see a stern-look- connected with his work. yet not en-
ing man staring at his desk. You tirely separated from it. As he sayS.
quake as he begins to look up—sud- “Aside from the pleasure gained in
denly he smiles and you feel as watching things grow. it (farming)
though something very nice has has tied in well with my work in
happened to you. You say to your- Chemistry . . , it's simply a matter
self. "Who and what actually is this of which element goes where, and
man?" when!"

Oscar E. Lanford was born in 1914 Appointed Dean
i“ Lows“ County'.Virg1_nla' Where In 1952. he was appointed Dean
he attended. public schools. He or the College and feels that in ad-
“u‘l‘ed Chem‘suy at Vllg‘l‘m‘ M1117 ministration. as in most any field.
wry Mafia“ arid lecewed is there are headaches, but the re-
gaChelors Degree m 1934' At’ “.115 wards of working with individual
“1718' although jobs were at, id 1)],6' students are many and often come
mium, he became a commeiCial ie.- when least expected_as do macaw
Semen qheml.“ for the qmddu‘st (ries of mistakes. when I spoke of
Coh’ol‘mc’“ m Indianapmls’ The the most unnerving experience of
iollowing year he entered Columbia going into his ofﬁce and seeing him
Gli‘dllme 89mm] and worked as .a turned to his desk, his brows knit.
teach‘“? “SS‘Slam- .H" "90mm 1‘15 he blushed a little. then grinned and
MA. in Chemistry in 1937, and be- said, “I do? . _ ‘ Well. I suppose rm
Came “ ,fun'ume !“SU}‘C‘0"- He.ﬁn.', full of excuses. but if there were just
Rhea. ms grad work on the Slde' another thirty seconds to ﬁnish one
and in 1939 was awarded his PhD. thing before you Start another . I ‘

Came to Albany in 1940 An'wa it's a bad habit, and I'll
In 1940. he came to Albany State [wiﬂng'break it!”

. a hemistr, instructor. In 1951. , , ’ "
liliile Con Sab‘hatical. he wrote a ,Nhhough L'hlsrhﬂbli "it‘ll ~01;-
high school chemistry textbook.5151el'9d ﬂ CllblClSIll. it b“ dl 
which is beingI widely used in this weighed, by. Othe! Quill! esltw “Cd
area and California particularly. He make him {espectcd by facu y an.
students alike. Being able to admit

has worked on research with va- H ‘ H
“am-um a metal important, in pm- an eiior is only one of these. The
' stability of his decxsions and his

" I iflerent tV'JCS of shock-re- , , _,
25:11:: Steel and in 1951. through  lilaltlli’elllfgifégillso? 58:12:: 
the work of he and another instruc- ' 4 . _
tor. the college was given a research ‘9 know that lhll mdy 11ml $301132
contract with the U. S. Atomic En— 1!ka Eh? Plovelfhhll lleyadtessmcmlcand
ei'gy Commission. The research in— [0} Guy‘srbuti Igoyool “my be
wired the separation of the iso- 1.115. “Estelthls  Him “no; mp
Lopes of nitrogen. to the end that if bum, L a 1 '5 yes- I
low-cost Nitrogen 15 tone of the 1:!6t 1" V ’ H
isotopesi can be isolated and pro- As I was leavmg he said, Watch:
duced in large quantities, they can ing students grow and develop ovei
make a new and improved atomic four years, and making friends like
reactor. The work was so successful some of you are what make a man
that the AEC has made cost-esti— glad to stay in college work. Ismil-
mates on the construction of a (:l with a knot ill, my throat and
plant to attempt this production. could not help feeling how much I
Hobby ('onnected with Work had admired him as a Dean when

Dean Lanford. his wife and ﬁve I went in. and how enormously I
children (three boys and two girls. like him as a person now.

Myskania Committee Plans
Display Of College History

The Traditions Committee of My- Willett Street. This was destroyed
skaiiia has prepared a display on by fire and for ll tune the students
"State College Through the Ages." useld the faculties“olhgagtwsﬁﬂﬁlls
2 '05 Belt Van Vlack. Cliuir— ant eiurc ms mi 1 . ' -
illiiiliullllcembcrs iii the committee aic ings were built on the present stte.
Robert Burns and Dominick Deth— One can see the evolution into a
(:0. Seniors. The committee has made larger institution With moie lacin—
plans to present features of Stair; ties for offering a broad educational
College. its faculty. alumni. our program.
msmry' m the Student's. mm the Also on display are some of the
hum. mm "1” history. wm some “5 rooms of thc Willcit Strcct school.
“ gum“ LO mum, new)” Plans me. Can you imagine attending asst-m—
now in progress 1p.- thc l'uVlSlOll oi my m “118mlqu type mom 00”“
the mam-V of “w “’11ch m m" pll'tc with statuary and flora? ’l'hc
m“ng analogue “f the song BUM" Handbooks past and present rcllcci
and of regular articles on State in u change in the program “m 1.Um_
m“ mam Cone“ Ncws' .I‘Ong mm“. inns oi the college, Sonic samples
“1mm mdudc rovismn “1 (“mem- m oi student endeavors in the model
U") Empire Stuw' our (.mwmm'l school in 1900 show the cliuiigc in
history mmmlg of “w WW dm‘mh‘ high school curriculum which has
('OrlIOi'hllilil' laying ceremony. and PW)th The Emu“ pmmm “I “w
(“ﬁlming “1 1mm lmismvmﬁ “In. class of '88 shou's chungc ill the

mum , ., I , I. U siylc of clothes and the type of stu-
1” m“ “mi” 1PM”) :ll;l()l‘ll‘\ (IT‘HT‘ dciii attending State. The }P('(llll-’.(C-

“n “Mm” “'3 ml“ H H l H l _ "it"s of '38 and '56 wow siown 0

tray“ llic (-yoliilion of Hiuli- iiom .‘l i‘xtm'uv “W‘Hhm {mm the “WW

normal school to o collcgo llVlillll' Hmml~m m“ “MM,”

iiitci'csling picturcs lmvc hwn iiilll‘ ' I v y r m

cd for display through ilh- coopcrnv Wc ice! ill-ll. (in display \.ou

Miss llusiiiigs, (jollcgc li— be of definite nili'i'csl to tho st‘u;
brni'ian The first building ol ilu- lil‘lll. body bccuusi- (hi-sc uic pullout.
Normal school is on (iihllliil’ as \vi-ll and items which illl‘ lllbtlillt.lll‘ll('
as Willcii Sii'cci school. The Not» probably never sccn by tin Illillthf'll.
Illill school was llrsi locuicd ill ('(illl‘w‘. gciicrulion. You llll‘g: lull-I
thii- and Muidcn Linu- 11! u con- _)(i_\’ bringing your paiciiils lll o1 
\ll‘i(‘(l railroad depot. Later. it lil()\'- .ll)l‘lll'_\' on Purciiis lhiy ito. slum
i'fl lo Siiiic and Lodge Sin-cl. Willi lliciii whoi'c W("hl.li:i)l .iiilr lisp. 1]
.iii appiopi‘iuiioii from tho lcgiolzi- llic history. oi Stool-Ink olive“: .
llll'i' :i iii-w building was built on llic pictures ii) [iii (ispuy .. .

Wayflower

209 Central Avenue
Try Our “WillMi’Y”

2 Hamburgers, Melted Cheese, Lettuce,
Tomato and Mayonnaise, on toasted bun

ALL FOR 500

lion oi

 

 

 

 

Class Officers l
Choose Eclifor

[100149 @424 74e- 3W

By NATALIE LEMOINE

From the McGill Daily come the Clever Clues

For Handbook

Due to the resignation last week Step One
of the newly-elected Handbook Edi-

following steps on how to be a more
impressive pipesmoker:

Some useful tips: Use the stem
of the pipe as a foreﬁnger to strike
home your point. This adds force to
your argument. Draw slowly so as

Buy ‘1 Pipe to suit you“ persona" to eliminate burnt tongue. Pack

tor, Art Plotnik ’59, and the lack of ity. If not sure which pipe to buy. your tobacco mm the bowl loose on

sufficient time for a re-election. ask the clerk and take his advice. It

the bottom, denser in the middle,

Myskania gave the Sophomore Class may be that he will sell you the and thickest at the top. Use you,
President, Donald McClain, the most expensive pipe in the store, but pen (the same one you use to stir
power to name the new Editor. The this merely indicates a rich per- your coﬁee) to push down the ashes.
Editor was to be named from the sonality. Smoking 3 corn-cob shows

defeated candidates. This decision guts.
on the part of the Judicial Body
will set a precedent for a similar
situation in the future.

Board Elects

Feeling that the Executive Board
of the class should have some voice
in the matter, the class president
called a meeting of the Board to
elect the Editor. As a result of the
meeting held Tuesday, the Board
elected Lauretta McGuirk, Editor of
the Handbook.

Associate Editors
The following persons were named Step Three
as Associate Editors by Miss Me-

Step Two

There are also pipes for girls,
and it won't be long now when both
of you sit for the rest of your life,

Use a tobacco that lets everyone together. dreamy. comfortable, in-
in the room know of your presence. active. enveloped in a cloud of
This is a new dimension, for now soma. Put that in your pipe and
you will be recognized by smell as smoke it.
well as sight. There are many new
tobaccos on the market. Here I sug-

': “ ll,"“'C H'tl -
25?? an   News Contest
Night,” “We All Smell." But the

.' l t 'tll .Chosea T d
 their ° Closes o ay

Today is the last day to submit

The right way to ﬁll a pipe is entries for the State College News
Guirk: Jane Cass, Mary Fitzpatrick, to place the pipe
Suzette Goodrich. Corrine Marro, pouch and ﬁll it with the foreﬁnger,
Bruce Norton. Caroline Olivo, Mar- using only one hand. If unable to

in the WWW" contest seeking State College’s best-
dressed co-ed, announce Marie

ion Sciortino. Frank Vetosky. and do so expertly. '30 not let anyone Dettmer and Joseph Szarek. Juniors,

Robert Fox, Sophomores. .‘98 you. Sneak

Purpose of the Handbook

The writing and publication of
the Freshman Handbook is tradi- 3"“ please
tionally the job of the Sophomore ‘
class. The book is published in me" Four
order to acquaint the prospective
freshman with both the academic
and extra-curricular phases of Al-
bany State College life. It attempts
to answer any questions the fresh-
men might have concerning the
college before he arrives, and to
serve as a guide to the organizations
and activities of the school.
Handbook Plans

into the heme“ co-editors of the News.
Men's Room. close the door behind
501'. and ﬁll the pipe in any way Entries

Entries should be depoisted in the
ballot box located in lower Draper

Lighting the pipe is an art in it- Hall? Nomination blanks are avail-
seif. No lighters allowed. Strike a able in 135; week's issue of the
match and hold it in front of you. paper, or they may be written on
At the same time continue talking a plain slip of paper, including this
“181181131 Right NOW YOU? COinPan- information: the name of the nom-
icns are excited. Will the match “lee. her address. cuss, and your
burn his ﬁngers? Will he see it in name,
time? Has be forgotten? Should I
warn him? The suspense is mount-
ing. DO NOT LOOK AT THE the finalists nominated by Student
MATCH! Look at your friends’ eyes Association a candidate who will

The News Board will select from

The Widget for the Handbook is and when the suspense and tension compete aalnst co-eds from all parts
under preparation to be presented have almost reached a peak, light of the nation in Glamour maga-
in the near future toStudent Board your pipe. Remember to gage the zine‘s search for the ten “best-
of Finance and Student Association time of lighting by their exclte- dressed co-eds" in American col-

f or approval.

ment, Beware of dull friends. leges.

 

 

 

WE’RE BLUSHING! (But we like it!)

 

 

Somebody likes us after all!
The president of the Ameri-
can Textbook Publishers In-
stitute — that’s the associa-
tion of most of the textbook
publishing companies —— says
that we are “essential to our
whole system of higher edu-
cation”. We’re glad someone
else said it, for we would be
immodest if we said it.

This authority goes on to say
that, “Running a college
store is a vcxatious and often
thankless effort. But without
the college store, the profes-
sor and the student would be
without the tools of teaching
and learning. If textbooks
and supplies had to be sold
directly to individuals or
small groups, this more ex-
pensive system of distribu-
tion would greatly increase
prices to all students. The
college store is an integral
part of the educational sys-
tem, performing essential
services and, for the most

 

 

 

CO-

part, performing them well.
The store management de-
serves the thanks of stu-
dents, faculty and adminis-
tration."

LIGRA‘A'V

Sure, we’re blushing at those
Words, but we like them!
Now we would like to say
something about the publish-
ers and their books. Penny
for penny. page for page,
books are the best “buy” of
your college career. Come in
and see for yourself.

OP

 

 

  

