 

    

PAGE 2

Revival Meeting . . .

“Checking a second half State surge, the Siena Indians
dumped the Purple and Gold Tuesday night to the tune of
a 62-41 score. Siena jumped off to a commanding lead in
the first quarter and, substituting freely, held their lead
throughout.”

This paragraph appeared in the News on February
21, 1947-——the last article to appear on a State-Siena bas-
ketball game until this year.

The game tomorrow is a big one for Coach Sauers'
squad. State possesses by far the better record of the two
clubs, but it is generally conceded that the Siena Indians
have played the rougher schedule. At any rate, the revival
of the local competition promises to be the outstanding
game of the year for the Purple and Gold, and you can be
sure they‘ll be playing their best brand of ball to win it.

Undoubtedly, Siena rooters will be out in full force
tomorrow night at the Washington Avenue Armory. Our
home court, the tiny Page Gym, has been packed to the
rafters for each home game so far this year. The armory
is a big place—its seating capacity far exceeds that of
Page. There's plenty of room for everyone, and the price
is more than fair for this top attraction.

The game tomorrow night could be a memorable one
for this college, since State hoopsters have yet to conquer
the Loudonville warriors once, while they hold ﬁve victories
over us. So, why not be on hand tomorrow night to watch
State College sports history in the making? Up to yester-
day noon, the Varsity Club had sold over four hundred
tickets to the game. That‘s a f'air crowd, but it could, and
should, be much larger. Tomorrow night, let’s all—not
only students, but also members of the faculty and admin-
istration, swarm down to the Washington Avenue Armory.
Let’s show our team that the whole school is behind them.

Politicians' Paradise . . .

This week we saw the ﬁrst basic and progressive step
taken in the drive for revision in government and elections.
Election Commission, a board of ﬁve members which regu-
lates all elections, has removed all restrictions from cam-
paigning procedures. Candidates now are able to conduct
campaigns unrestrained from rules pertaining to expendi-
tures, posters, rallies and speeches. It is now possible for
the individual to make speeches any time he is able to
attract an audience and he can run as extensive a cam-
paign as he wishes.

It is not difﬁcult to see that this one step could set
off all kinds of repercussions. One of the ﬁrst possibilities
is how easily political parties could be formed. Any group
of individuals who feels strong enough to come forth l'or
a particular candidate or candidates has the opportunity
to organize into a political party. All it takes is a little
initiative and imagination. The problem of an uninformed
electorate who do not even realize that there is an elec-
tion, without even hoping to know the candidates, should
no longer exist. Parties which utilize the techniques oi'
advertisement will have their candidates’ names before
the public at every turn-“candidates who will have to
possess qualiﬁcations which justify their running for an
ofﬁce. In other words the spotlight is going to force these
individuals to be more capable, better informed and it is
going to keep them on their toes,

However, more campaigning is going to necessitate
one more very important feature. The voter will have to
be more critical in his judgment 01' candidates. it will be
his obligation to genuinely criticize the value of" the ma—
terial presented to him. He will have to sif'f. the important
from the trivial, the just from the unjust, and the truth
f'rom the pure fits of' imagination.

The first step has lV‘cll taken, the right is ours. Let
us proceed to use this privilege to its fullest extent.

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESIALILISHLD MAY 1916

HY IHE CIASS OF i‘JlB

    

-4"
My“ “31,. (“VA S‘it‘f ond I‘ilicc A(,‘I’

VOL. XI.“ l"iwilli.il'. LIL! liirl'l' Ni). .1

Mi-iiibii. oi lro NEWS .l in o... In ;. i. .lll \loiim .iml ‘.i.li...««,.i..i, iron ’I ‘o
I! p Ill and ’llic-lili'. from l to If pm i' .! Lilo l'..\l ll l'lil/l,l inc-“pl ,jg, “NH
Szliii-l’. 1! till?“ IIill molk 3 fll‘fli K.i:ii|iii L! lili'i’f!

‘i'uil ‘i'd‘l
'QI'WH i'iliilll ioi Ii..

I‘m... ‘I l-ii li’llillil

'l'iii:
|Illllll «lied e: V] '.
Asaolnal ioi.

illill‘li‘liifliulll lic‘wqiipli ul inc Nf.‘,
‘i.i.i, oI 'l,‘ (our .Iii li'. '..i _\‘,"l."i

to |.Ili|ii in t Iiicl

(‘o Izilllor in fliicl
szi-i'illivc “.Illitlt'

l’ulilli' liclntiuiin ladllui
Itiislhcss Ailyi-illsliig liilliiii

.VlAltll'l lit'.'I“I‘\Il'.lt
.IOHI‘ZI‘II HIAItLK
MARCIA l..\\\'l(t‘..\'tll-
(ﬂittltlil') GRAHAM
ANN lll't‘(.'ll('fl('K

 

J” "1,; “pymlylyxg i'irriitation l-.ilitoi
Miriam-u ; .H'ISLIHHN howl-m Iaililur
“A” Y |,l'lll"v\"|(l(1‘ Assoriati- I'JIMIH
I‘v‘l.‘ "H “Au.” \Salil'littt' I‘lilltoi
Vulgu \‘l,’|‘()oit \' \snm'tali- Indltiir
In” “I u "1,151" l"c.iturc l'.illloi
“null”. K ‘\“i‘.‘ Spoils I‘JHUII'

foiisiiltnni I'iiblii Itchilliinx l‘.ill|lll
ioiiniiltaiil Ituwlni-ss \iiyi-ilising Lililui
(‘misuliiiilt \|lullo ladlloi

Mail

KI'J'III t'iNlHtll —
\IAIL Y ANN at'ltl.li'l"| tl-tl'ttt‘."
Histat'll Sit’ll‘JtZIHVSKI

Wllrlpﬁltlt (ill.l.lz‘l"i t“.

.....—-.——r——— W

I’lililuy i .ilipci

iilidir...iii lo ilic cililoi and mu I be NililJ'n
NEWS u ..-iiiiii~o no [4' poi. ..hl;i| v
.‘iill'll l-Xpii..iioii.. do no!

phi io;..iiiui..i.o.oii. llllillll ltl' l.j-,.[l||'ll
Mi] bi: v.il.i.:icld oi. lit.ll|iil 'l'iile i‘i'lAII-L (IUI.l.li.(ii'.‘
1M. “mum”, ILVII ..l ii in ll., colliiiiiio oi tllllilllllllllit'll/'11., as
i.i;u::....iiily ullmi w ,.c.s.-.

.____...—-

 

..,W i

 

 

I (W KW
By ART PALAZZOLO

PALACE

Wings of the Eagle with John
Wayne, Maureen O'Sullivan, Dan
Dailey and Ward Bond. This is the
true story of Frank “Spig” Wead,
(the Navy's counterpart of the
Army‘s Billy Mitchell), and his
struggle for Congressional support
for bigger and better aircraft car-
riers. There's the usual cornball
about driving ambition vs. love, but
in the main it is an interesting and
informative movie. The second feat-
ure is Phantom Stagecoach With
William Bishop and Cathleen
Crowley. A western.
.‘TRAND

The Big Land with Allan Ladd
and Virginia Mayo. Yup—it's a
western too. Also showing is Dance
With Me llcnry wrth Abbott and
Costello. They're back again on the
screen! Let's all go to the Strand
and . . . Oh to heck with it, let's
go to Cal's, what d‘ya say Joe?
MADISON

Zarak with Victor Mature and
Anita Eckbcrg. It's a movie about
Egypt. and the pharoahs and that
sort of stuff. Y'know, we just can’t
picture Anita floating down the
Nile . . . but then. . . Hm? Co-
l‘eatured is Reprisal with Guy Mad—
ison and Felicia Farr. Another
western yet!
LELAND

Vigilante Terror with Wild Bill
Elliot and Mary Kay Allen. This is
a great week for westerns! The sec-
ond picture is an old oldie, Boys
Town with Spencer Tracy and
Mickey Rooney. Highly recommend—
ed to those who haven't seen it, and
n..iny who have, will want to see it

again.

DELAWARE

Well it's back again for a third
week. Lust for Life with Kirk

Douglas and Anthony Quinn is sti.l
packing them in at the Delaware.
IWc had to stand in the rear of the
theatre for 20 minutes before we got
seatsi

RITZ
The Wild Party with Anthony
Quinn and Carol Ohmart. Also

showing is Four Boys and a Gun.
Definitely not recommended for
young impressionable State stu-
dents! Howcvcr, a movie sure to
arouse interest, The. Ten (Tom-
mandmcnts, is scheduled for an ill-
def'initc run exclusively at the Ritz
starting March 26. Whether student
rates will be available is not known
at. present.

Galilean 8W Reminded

’l‘hc cartoon caption contest spon-
sored by the NEWS closes Monday
at ll p.m. Students may submit en—
tries to Marie llcttmcr. Joseph
Sriirck, or Art l’lotnik. (‘onsult last
week's issue of the NEWS i'or com-
plete details.

 

eomwnicaﬂawi

To the Editors:
Mlmbcrs of
should be well aware of mu plans
icgardilii: l.lll' revision of policies
and :illiliidcs .il Slolc with l'l'hjll‘ti.
lo 'i‘Il.il llllll-ilf'ilfli'llllf' f‘flllf'i'l'llh.
Wlicrc can we. as ‘.lllfli'lllh, assiliiil'
major ilsponribiiilics on coii..olid.il—
1111!, many small commiilecs and
councils? Wlml aboiii cciili‘.ili/.iii;.',
.ol'lul weekends! Wlilll .iboul iii-si—
dcncc (foiiiicil'.' Wlicrc run Inlcr-
lizifcrnily»lnicrsororily Council be
more cflccliyc‘.’ What aboul grown!
up doth-ins being responsible lo
ihcin chins lot .i change? How about
January lo January clcclloii. loi
oil l-l‘fhllll/Jillfill'i and S A oiliccf.)
Why shouldn‘t. ..liidciils lm\c sonic
llllllj‘, lo s;i\ ubolll iooil lli llll‘

 

Sludcnl Assoiialion

corms, calclcrm .ind Simi'l, bu."
Wind is lhc Studcnl li‘aciilly (torp-
iil'lllllill, where .il'i' llieir funds go—
illij'.’ Why canl Wl' break lhc olil

tradition of loinpulsory as:~.i-iiibhcs'.‘

Myskania is |ilillllllll: a ioi-iiing
Willi llic l’ri-sidcnl and llic Iii-ans
lo fll;-.l'll:>h sonic ol lhc responsibil-
itics lli.il. the students are ready and
V.llllllj.', to lake upon ilicmsclves. li
toll have any l'oiihli'lll'ilvc ldciis. ()i'
for that matter, just a slroniI, Vii-W»
point, he sure lo maki Ihcm known
Io any Myskania iiicmher. in this
way. We can take the ideas and
opinions of lllf‘ ikholc school with
us when We llit‘t'l With the AlllliilllS~
liulioii,

Myskania

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 22. 1957

 

Gammon-Stale);

By FELDMAN and CARBONE

 

I. 

 

“See the conquering hero comes!
Sound the trumpets, beat the drums!"
BEAT SIENA
Tomorrow night, at the Armory, we’ll see our valiant team engage in
a feat of cooperative courage and strategy. For many weeks the team
has practiced hard to reach the top, and now we hope that everyone

will be there to help them beat Siena. If you have a date, come along
and bring “it.” We've got a new ﬁght song; let's all sing it. Whatever

the outcome may be, our spirit at the game is what counts. Don't for-
get the SUB dance after the game! Dig down and get that dollar out
now! To start the ball rolling, be sure and attend the pep rally in as—
sembly today!

INTERESTING EVENT

Mr. Walt Witeovcr,
speak in Brubacher upper
Topic of' the talk will be . .
eats afterwards, courtesy of SUB, again.
and Jayne Mansfields. please take note.
(lRH’ES—LET'S CURE THEM

“Why is there so much mayonnaise on the sandwiches in the cafe—
tori-a”.J

"Why are. dorm fees being raised?”

"Why do so many freshmen have to live in apartments?"

The simple solution to these and many other common problems lies
in the. hands of the Student-Faculty Corporation. Pretty stupid of us
not to bother to have a student representative on this corporation;
don‘t yoii agrce‘.I
GOING .. . GOING .. . GONE

Now that we‘ve seen the. climax and descending action of rushing.
it's good to see relaxed faces for a change. For those groups who didn't
get all the people they wanted. we‘re sure that at least your sincerity
has made a lasting impression on the minds oi' the people who received
bids from you, and they had the feeling that they were considered. As
for the new pledges, we hope you made the right decisions. Only you can
know if you did. and if' you are happy. there should be no doubt. For
the. indepciidents—“They also serve who only stand and wait." . , . And
probably better, too!

A PAIN IN THE NECK

Various overheard comments indicate that the forthcoming Parciits‘
Day isn't even worth bothering about. This could be so, but why don't
we try something before we condemn it? It couldn’t be that any of our
students would be ashamed of' their school, could it? . . . oi' are they
ashamed of their parents?

MONDAY NIGHT b’lllMBlANGS, MAYBE?
Eeny mecny APA . . . Miney Moe EEP
Catch the SL8 . . . By the KB toe,

EXTRA TIDBITS

Why no announcements in assembly? Seems to us that in the good
old days gone by, announcements were the only enjoyable part of many
assemblies. IVCF, anyone?

We hear the KB cat is living in luxury. (Nine crates of orangl::».‘;'i

Could be that Draper 349 will be banned for six months; seems that
international Film Group is soon to present a rather "choice" film.
(iood excuse to cut classes. huh?

when is "The Penguin" going to start strutting around? We've been
waiting f'or it since Christmas!

QUESTION 0!" THE WEEK

What. do the presidents of the freshman and Sophomore classes bare

in common?

Broadway producer and acting teacher. will
lounge, Thursday, February 28. at 8 pm.
. "Getting the Show on in New York." Free
All prospective Tab Hunters

 

 C) Y)

“I'm independent!"

 

College Calendar

Iv'ltlllAV. I~'I'thltl’z\lt\’ 3335
Ill Ill) ii Ill ('oni‘oliilion. l’aiic

 

liull

SA'l'i'liliAV, lv‘l'thltl'AItV :53

I (if) pm National ll.lf'l'(’illll'i!,lilll' lli‘idgc 'l‘oui'iiumcni, llrubachei'
7:00 pm Slalc v> Siena. Wasiiiiiiiloii Ai'cnilc Armory

ill lili pm ilaskclball fiance, ilrubaclicr

Sl'NDAV, l"lCltltl'AIl\‘ til

ii (iii p.m SUB (toffee lloiir. llr (‘lllhii‘lH, lh'iibuclicr
:) lili pm I.ulheran Sludenl A:».socialion incl-ling, St.
Church

Canterbury Club meeting, Cathedral (hold lioiisi-

.lollll's lillilll’lilll

’/ of) pin

'I'I'I‘ISUAY. Ifl'lltltl‘AItY 256
ll ()1) um. Mysliaiiiii (loilec lloiir loi'
transit-rs, lh'ubaclicr

Second Semester freshmen and

'l‘ltl‘ltSDAi’, FEBRUARY 28
ll 30 pin Student (.‘lieristiziii Association business meeting and dinner,
Emanuel Baptist Church.

is on pin DALA Speaker, Mr. Witcovcr, liriibiiclicr

 

 

 

STATE

COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 22. 1957

    

PAGE 8

 

 

71“ a,” Mac!

 

By ART PLOTNIK

A MODEST PROPOSAL

Next week, the traveling X-Ray
show will peer into the private lives
of statesmen. The X-Ray people
do us an admirable service. They
assure us that within the nicotine
crusted walls of our lungs, there
iemains enough space to inhale and
exhale the smoke of the commons
until it is time for the next. year's
X-Ray. I grant that this service is
indispensable if we are to be free
from the hypocondriacal worries
that plague the weak mind, but an
X-Ray of the chest is not enough.
Thus I propose that in addition to
this, we be compelled to undergo
a cranial examination. There are
several advantages of including the
head in our animal X-Ray.

Firstly. it would be an act of
considerable ease to lower oneself
in the machine and thereby place
the head between the two plates on
which the chest was observed. Ad-
mittedly, many of our heads are
somewhat larger than our chests, but
should this phenomena prove a bin-
drance. the attending nurse will
gladly submit a number of insults
designed to deflate the ego and
shrink the head.

Secondly, the nature of' diseases
that threaten the brain box are of
a far greater urgency than the
microbes of mediocrity that fester
within the confines of our bellows,
especially since our noble institu—
tion is concerned primarily with
growth of lung (though i would
fain fill my lungs before my mind
with much of the. knowledge dis-
penscd hereini.

Thirdly. the act of firing X—Rays
through our heads would prove an

Slate Offers
AduliL Course
In Geography

The Hudson-Mohawk Council on
Educational Television announces
that a fifteen-week collegiate course
in Introductory Geography over
WRGB has started as of February
4, 1957. The. course is given by the
New York State College for Teach-
ers at. Albany of the State Unchr-
sity of New York.

Howard Elierl, Associate Profes-
sor of Geography in the Department
of Social Studies, teaches the
course from ll-ll:1i(l am, Monday,
Wednesday, and Friday of each
wcck through May 27 except on
April 15, iii, 17, Ill, and 32 during
the spring recess of the college

lnlroduclory Geography is a
course offered in the regular ses—
sion of the Slate University’s (‘on-
leec for 'i'iachers for its undergrad—
uaii- students. The televised course,
Geography II. is designed to provide
aduils With a basic uiiderslandiiig
of our world as the home of mail.
It. studies in particular llic dislribii-
tion of population over the curlli
and surveys llic \.ii'icd relations dc»
i-ciopcd between man and his phy—
sical eiivironmi-nl.

'i‘hc televised course is also ex—
|'t‘(‘ll'(l to hpr the viewer in under—
standing and iiilerprclmg nalional.
international and scientific events.
If is one of the several phases ol
the program planned for the yiar
1957-58 which has been designated
as Illlf'l'lliiiilllllll (icopliysical Year
The purpose oi lhe program is lo
explore and lo shiin llll' geography
of bolli familiar and lllll-illilllill’
aims of file world.

ART K

"l'lll'li‘ .S'l' l'l'li /

75 Slalc Sin-cl

ALL TYPES of

5—1471

amazing inexpensive endeavor, ac-
knowledging the fact that within
our skulls there exist few barriers
to interfere with the passage of a
number of small particles. In fact,
one might conceive of' a rather vio-

lent reaction occurring as the potent .

rays encounter .1 pure vacuum.

Fourthly, the cranial X-Rays
might once and for all eliminate any
consideration of securing a school
psychologist, that which 1 have per-
petually maintained is as necessary
to a large and impoverished body
as a dozen medical doctors. The
rays, famous for their sterilizing ef-
fects. might hopefully sterilize the
minds of all students against the
ill of life, while rendering them
impotent as seekers of that breeder
of all questionable entities, knowl-
edge,

Thus, I hope to have suggested a
valuable extension of clinical serv-
ice. one that would serve us well.

S U B Sponsors
Reception Dance

Ar Brubaclier

Jerry Stickle and his band will be
featured at a dance to be held by
Student Union Board tomorrow
night. The dance, to take place after
the State College-Siena basketball
game, will be held in Brubacher
Hail. The members of the Siena
team as well as those of the State
team will attend the dance. accord-
ing to Marilyn Darzano and Wil-
liam DeGroat, Juniors, Co-chair-
men of the Dance Committee.

SUB will hold a coffee hour
Sunday, l'rom 3 to 5 pm. in Bru-
bacher Upper Lounge. J. Wesley
Childcrs. Chairman of the Modern
Language Department, and Mrs.
Childcrs will show slides of France,
Switzerland, England, and Italy at
the affair. Thursday evening in Bru-
bacher Upper Lounge, Drainatics
and Arts Council will hold a coffee
hour during which a guest speaker
will be featured. Everyone is iii-
vited to attend both 01' these func-
tions, report. Miss Darzano and Ken—
neth Kadct '59. Co—ehairincn of the
committee.

Pi Omega Pi
Set Standards

Cooper, Professor
announces the re—
Business lsiducation
joining Pi

Edward 1..
of Commerce,
ipuriizncnts for
students interested in
Omega Pi.

All lhose who are interested and

believe that they meet the neces-
sary qualifications to become a
mcmbcr are asked lo pill. their

names and a traiiscripl oi llicir last
scincslcr marks, September, 1956 to
January. 1957, in an enve ope io be
left wiih Cooper lll Draper 336.
’l‘ranscripts should be submitted on
or before March l, lilo? and Will
be rclurncd as soon as possible.
Qualifications for membership lil-
'llllli' fl minimum of 17) semester
hours: in business subjects and ii
»cnii..l.cr hours it! education willi a
jiillli average of either ‘Jli in t‘oin-
increc and liifllll'flllllll and fill .ivcr—
zinc in all collcgc slihjl-cls consider-
ed as 2: group, or 3.75) ill Commerce
and l‘ldlii'alloli and 2b in all college
subjects considered as a ELl'in p.

APNER

\.\'( 'li'.l.\ ( '1': HIV”
lNSURANCE

Albany, N. V.

 

Sororities, Fraternities Pledge

249 Freshmen, Upperclassmen

Sorority and fraternity rushing
came to a climax Tuesday, as 156
women and 93 men pledged the
several Greek houses on campus.

Kappa Delta

Ann Kinsler '57, President of
Kappa Delta, announces the pledg-
ing of the following freshmen:
Margaret Adams, Joan Alcorn, June
Alex-under. Shea Allen, Elizabeth
Coogan, Rose Carbone, Patricia De-

Member, Roberta Dosh. Sheila
Doyle, Jeanine Farwell. Priscilla

Herbst. Lorraine Latta, Nancy Mc-
Gowan, Catherine Martonc, Joyce
ROsnei, Shirley Stewart. Barbara
Thompson. Also pledged were Rita
Lesko ‘59 and Joanne Mari-o ‘58.
Psi Gamma

Mary Lou Meiscr, President of Psi
Gamma. announces the iollowmg
pledges: Linda Barbetta, Eleanor
Beers, Levina Bright, Audrey Broad—
belt, Jane Bushart, Linda Cross,
Geraldine Garner, Evelyn Gilbert,
Mary Gird, Mary Gunther, Marjorie
Hamelin, Nellie Hemingway, Audrey
Hurd. Dorothy Leizer, Jean Mer-
shon, Marianne Moran, Josephine
Pietruch, Janet Reigle, Barbara
Rutenber. Gail Smith, freshmen:
Joan DuBois and Elizabeth Reed,
Sophomores.

Chi Sigma Theta

Catherine Antonucci, Joyce Ar—
thurton. Grace Barbcrri. Rosemarie
Bordinaro, Beverly Burke, Marlyn
Burns. Joan Cali, Marcia Cayanaugn,
Catherine Delehanl. Aim Foley.
Joan Hagon. Ethel Hart, Sandra
Howe. Barbara Hubbard. Patricia
Jordan, Teresa Kerwin, Martha Les-
sick, Christine Mazur, Katherine
O'Connor, Mary Katherine Pachak,
Nancy Lou Ryan, Eleanor Stone,
Catherine Tartaglia, Monica Tras-
kus, freshmen; and Carol Alger '58
have been pledged to Chi Sigma
Theta, announces Mary Furner '57,
President,

 

3&ch
Wed/tea

The strain of second semester
is already in evidence, especi—
al'y among the Sophomores who
are in the dire throes of the
slump so typical of their class.

One such Sophomore was re-
cently the subject of amazed
stares and comments by :iumer-
oiis students who werc engrossed
in finding their way to the col-
lege for an eight o‘clock class.

We were asking the police-
woman oii the corner l'or direc-
tions to Western Avenue (you’d
be surprised how dark it is at
seven in the morning) when tiic
Soph in question strolled by.
Mic looked charming in her red
checked scarf, grey coat, and
blue plaid slippers. ch, bluc
plaid slippci's. We told her aboiii
it and she was shocked at her
mistake. She ran home and
when we saw her next she had
changed her attire. and i must
admit a blue. scarf did go better
with her oliti'lt.

 

FOOD

at the

SNACK
BAR

 

 

 

 

Sigma Phi Sigma

Paula Lehrer. President of Sig—
ma Phi Sigma. announces the fol-
lowing freshman piedges: Ellen
Brightman, Elaine Budoff, Sheila
Deutsch, Sheila Eckhaus, Sally Gal-

lup, Eleanor Glickman, Frances
Greenberg. Maxine Grossman, Caro—
lyn Heineman. Lillian Kimmel.

Myrna Michaelberg. Frances Off-

richt, Miriam Ptalis, Linda Reit-
berg, Edith Rider, Arlene Samiof,

Eleanor Schwartz, Rhea Schwartz,
Sylvia Steinhoff, Judith Weisberg.
Aim Lesser ’59 was also pledged.

Gamma Kappa Phi

Gamma Kappa Phi pledged the
following girls Tuesday night, an-
nounces June Studley '57, President:
Elizabeth Accto. Judy Billharz, Car-
oline Byline, Mary Campbell, Carol
Dean, Joan DeLeo, Olgo Eckhardt,
Grace Engels, Patricia Fitzgerald,
Audrey Hail, Mary Havens, Flor—
ence Hughes, Grace Ncsbitt, Marie
Pagano. Suzanne Palenik, Joyce
Pennucci, Nancy Rishel. Marcm
Van Leuven, Beverly Zarzycki,
freshmen; Valerie Burns '59. and
Ellen Dosch '56.

Beta Zeta

Nancy Louprette '57. President of
Beta Zeta. announces the follow-
ing pledges: Barbara Kennel], An-
gela Castagnella, Phyllis Mallory,
Catherine Rosso, Carol Ruszczyk,
Estelle Kaufman, Sara Espey, Mari-
anne Barczewski, Sonia Pelton,
Joan Novak, Judy Pearlsone. Judy
Metzgar, and Mary Milks.

Also. Anne Fleming, Lorrinda
Houghton, Linda Maison, Rhoda
Levin, Nancy Dickson, Aim Mc-
Laughlin. Karen Master-polo, Susan
Po.lack. Clare Jerome, freshmen;
Marilyn Savcnder ‘58, and Eliza-
beth Silva.

l’hi Delta

Joan Van Dusen, President, an-
nounces that the following have
pledged Phi Delta: Joan Barrett,
Maureen Boyle, Shirley Clarke.
Janis Clum. Irene Domenico, Diane
Donovan, Janice Gaertner, Ann
Gilligan. Ellen Grucn, Donna Har-
ris, Diane Hoose, Frances Jadick,
and Maureen Kennedy.

Also, Susanne Kronmilicr, Bar-
bara Lesscn, Carol Mallozzi, Linda
Nicandri. Joanne Recor, Marian
Silvester, Caroline Tripp, freshmen;
Carol Webcrs, Carol chus, Adri-
enne Sitterly. Sophomores. and
Marilyn Darzano '58.

Edward Eldred Potter Club

Bernard Robbins ’57, President of
the Edward Eldred Potter Club, an-
nounces the pledging of the follow-
ing freshmen: Herman Altman,
Richard Bennett, Richard Call,
Owen Davis, Thomas Farrell, Rob-
ert Fratancelo, Robert Gibhardt,
Kenneth Gifford, Alan Hayes, Spen-
cer Herbst, Alan Jaquays, Eric
Kafka, Charles Kane, Howard Les-
ter, John McDonough, Donald
Milne, Douglas Penfield, Gregory
Pryor, Paul Risenberger, Peter Sa-
varie. Patrick Sciallo. Arthur Stras-
sle, James Thompson, Robert Wil-
liams. Also pledged were: Hugo Vig-
giana ‘59, and Conrad Conero, Ed-
ward Ostremba, Frank Shannon,
and Robert Whalen, Juniors.

Kappa Beta

Peter Dykeman '57, President of
Kappa Beta, announces the pledging
of the following: John Anderson,
Robert Battaly, Stephen Hoover,
Charles Huntress, Joseph Darcie.
Donald Jackson, Anthony Miano,
Kenneth Ormiston, Michael Sabini.
Philip Shepherd, William Thomp-
son. John Trombly, Richard True,
freshmen; Edward Gallagher ’59,
and Arthur Clausen, Clayton La-
Valle. Juniors.

Sigma Lambda Sigma

Sigma Lambda Sigma has pledged
the following announces Alan Hut-
chinson, President: Clark Baker,
Jack Burton, Frank Cannizzo, Wil-
liam Cole, Fred Collins, Robert
D'Andrca, Richard Godfrey, Roland
Frick, John Hagadorn, Rodney
Hart. Arthur Labadua. Dominick
Mancino, Stanley Myslinski, Arnold
Rothstein, James Spannbauer, Stev-
en Taylor, Edward Vesneske, Donald
Wager, Charles Weed, freshmen;
David Donovan, Pedro Lay, Reginald
Lesnieski, John Quirk, Sophomores;
and Lawrence J. Baker, Sean Mor-
ris. Juniors.
Alpha Pi Alpha

Edward Jones '57, President of
Alpha Pi Alpha. announces the
pledging of the following freshmen:
Richard Bissell, Charles Bollen—
bach, William Bonney, Clinton Co-
vell, Richard Cox, David Feldman,
David Ferris. Charles Fowler, Rich-
ard Hathaway. Joseph Hickey, Paul
Hooker, Neil Jurinski. Edward Ken-
ney, Frank Krivo, Decker Pardee,

Gerald Pickard, Roger Steward,
Merritt Taylor, William Thiesen.

Lee Uperaft. Ronald Webb. Thomas
Thompson '59 and Thomas Sullivan
'58 were also pledged.

 

IT’S FOR REAL!

LOUIE,
THE lOUSE

And said, “Man has just

Try to be beyond reproach

Bedbugs, ants and spiders,

Packed more smoothly by

tasting smoke today.

0 Hum O In" Tobacco Co.

 

    
     
 
  
 
 
 
   

He strolled through a keyhole into my house,
A digniﬁed, well-bred upper-class louse;
He smiled in a most superior way

If you'll take my advice for what it’s worth
Treat insects nice, they’ll inherit the earth!

In your dealings with the reach . . .
too.

Don’t forget . . .WE’RE

MORAL: Well . . . until Louie takes
over, take your pleasure BIG. Smoke
Chesterfield . . . and smoke for real!

ACCU - RAY, it’s the smoothest

Smoke for 21! . . . smoke Chesterfieldl

$50 for every philosophical verse accepted [or publica-
tion. Chesterﬁeld. PO. Box 21. New York 46, N. Y.

by Chester Field

about seen his day.

WATCHING YOU!”

 

 

