 

PAGE 2

Potpourri . . .

Myskania’s getting busier as the year progresses.
We’re very pleased that they are, too. Yesterday, a mem-
ber of Myskania directed a meeting for those interested
in revising the highly inadequate Student Association
Constitution. Monday, they meet with the Education De-
partment to discuss the professional side of the college,
and last but not least by any means, they meet Tuesday
night at Brubacher with anyone who is interested to. de-
cide whether or not they have the right to do the things
previously mentioned! Let’s have a big turn-out Tuesday
night; let’s ask this Myskania what they feel future Mys-
kanias should be!

Let’s increase the scope of government. Student Coun-
cil took a step in the right direction when they unofﬁcially
decided Wednesday night to send a representative to
Harpur to consider joining a confederation of student gov-
ernments of the several State University colleges. This
makes us particularly happy, since this group. plans to
take steps to insure the passage of the multi-million dol-
lar State University Bond issue which affects us so greatly.
Congratulations, Government Roomers—this is what we
call increasing the scope of government!

Among the minor incidents this past week was the
release of Myskania‘s annual recommended and suggested
lists. These are people Myskania would like to see occupy—
ing the thirteen chairs next year. Of course, the student
body doesn’t agree with the entire list. It would be a sad
state of affairs if they did. You see, back in the dark ages
of State College history, the student body didn’teven get
a chance to vote for the “honorary” and “judicial” thir-
teen. The old Myskania simply appointed the incoming
group. A big week for politics, bigger ones to come, we hope!

"I Decline" . . .

Just what is it with you? Are you the modest, timid
type? Are you lazy? Or could it be that calm, cool, sensi-
ble you have become overwhelmed with the fear of it
all? Tell us, non-interested one who has declined, could it
be that your superior self ﬁnds student government too
dirty for your immaculate soul to move into?

Oh yes, we forgot you are becoming a scholar for the
cause. Student government does take a portion of your
precious time, and it does take some determination, need,
and want to obtain for our college the best. And With all
the indications of this rampant “I decline” fad, we lack
the essentials of a responsible student body. It appears
a foolhardy thing to use the declination as a' weapon to
register your disapproval of the existing status of student
government. It accomplishes nothing more than to im-
press on most minds another cry for apathy.

If student government is in the so called dirty stage
here at State College, then it is your fault as well as ours.
If it is to become a responsible, functional body then it
is your duty to make it so by whatever means are justiﬁ—
able. Whatever it is and whatever it is to become rests
with you. No one else can accept the-responsibility for
student government. And yet, you continually dump and
side step the issue with puny little excuses or worse yet,
none at all. You forget your responsibilities and obliga—
tions, but demand your rights.

That isn‘t a pedestal that you are standing uponubut
lust one big, tall disillusionment. Crawl into your little
burrow and pull your tail in behind you. Be happy, pat
yourself on the backwi'or you made the supreme sacriﬁce.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

  

First Place C ‘PA Second Place ACP
VOL. XLII March 22, 10:)? N0, 7
Members of fire NEWS .~.i.iil may be rciichi-ii ttloniioi iliill Vt'i-no ,(ia‘. Horn ’1 lo
ii p In. and Tuesday from If to o p Ill at 2-33.”: an I'liiilil [Illlnnj up up”
Szarek 2-0870. liiirhmck 2-7030, Kainpn 2—iili'lo
'I‘lie uiidcrgraduali: lit:w.~.pup4:i‘ of iiii‘ Ncw Yirln’ Hinic i‘oll4.',i- ioi mourn-p,
published every I"l’llili) oi iin- Collegi- gm: in ﬁlm Nlu'wn inmu for HIV Hlllth'ul

Association

('1: I‘.tIiIuI In (‘liit‘i

(.'u-I‘.iliioi iii-('liirl

Executive l-.diior

l'ulilic lteiiiiiuns lutlitor

"unilit‘nh Advertising Lilitur

- ('lrruialluii Iaiiitor
Associate Editor

Associiitr Itliilul’

Associati- Iailitor

Associate Editor

Feature I‘Iditor

- ~ - Sports Editor
Consultant l‘ublic Iteiatlun» Editor
Consultant Business Advertising Editor
- Consultant Sports Editor
Htaii‘ l'liotogi'aiiper

MARIE IIE'I‘I'MEII
JOSEPH SZAIU'ZK r
MAWIA LAWRENCE
(520MB GRAHAM
ANN III'I‘CIICOCK A
JOYCE MEYI‘JILMANN
MAEIJCNI‘J ACKEBMAN
MARY I’I’I‘ZI‘A'I‘BICK -
NANCY RICHARDS .
FRANK VETOb‘KY -

KEITH YANDOII ' - -
MARY ANN HCIIIJI'I‘I‘IIAI'BEII
JOSEPH SWIEEZOWSKI -
WILLAED GILLIS'I‘TE

All uoiiimunications should be addressed to the editor and lllllnl be signed Noam,
will be withheld on request. The B'I'A’I'I’J COLLEGE NEWS assumes no mhpm‘hmmly
for opinions expressed in its columns or imimnunications, us such nxpi'itaaioiin do not

erly reflect its views.
«WW

Wm“

 

comm -
To the Editors:

Re: “Recommended? Suggested?
SA nominated? There's small choice
in rotten apples.”

Sour Grapes?

Signed

I Missed too!
No. 15

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH

 

 

To the Editors:

While the several parliaments of
the world base their procedural
practice on variant sets of rules,
the principle which is supreme is
that of sportsmanlike and diplo—
matic behavior. It has become iii—
creasingly evident, however, that
this foremost parliamentary tenet
has been tossed to the winds by
certain members of Student Asso-
ciation. Is it sportsmanllke to shout
out a false, unbased, prejudicial
statement after the speaker has
been called out of order? Is it in
anyway diplomatic to call the ques-
tion with only one speaker having
been allowed to speak on the issue.
and he against it? Victory and de-
feat are. by deﬁnition, complements
of the democratic system, but
acrimony can result only from the
denial of individual rights.

It is evident that I am referring
to the matter of the Forum budget,
but in a larger sense this issue is
a small but introductory and pivital
part of a super issue, the existence
of extra-curricular activities here
at State. For the past few years
we have been experiencing a period
of expansion. Everything has ex-
ianded together—the enrollment,
the plant, and the increasing di—
versiﬁcation of student activities.
We have laid aside the horse and
buggy and started to ride an ever—
lengthening automobile as far as
the tilt) of our enrollment and phy-
sical plant is concerned. Are we
now in the field of social activity
to pull this automobile with a horse
because oats are cheaper than gaso-
line?

Malcolm Rogers ’57

 

To the Editors:

In the first issue of the "Pen-
guin". an article, “Jazz at State
College", written by myself, appear-
ed which contained some statements
which I deemed valid at the time
of publication.

Since then, however. it has been
called to my attention that the
paragraph concerning the music de-
partment and its facilities contains
some false information. For this I
oiIer my humble apology.

Allow me to make a few correc-
tions. First of all, the music dc-
partmcnt has done all in its power
to properly administer the facilities
(Continued on Page 3, Column 1)

 

{— Kafu'lal (We

By ART I’ALAZZO LO

Rather than giie our inadequate
comments regarding ihc movies this
week, we've decided to lei ilic news-
paper ads do it for Us.

I'ALAI‘E

3 Brave Men with ltuy Millund.
la‘rncsi Boi‘glillli’, Frank lioicjoy,
Nlnu Foch and Dean Juggiirs. "I
caii'i go back to school. I can‘t face
them!" (Aha! So he's on that list.
too! "You can always tell about
them by the company they kccp!"
I()r, who siolc lll_\' bccr while
I. . . CH The sccond i'cauire is Julie
\viih l)ori.~. flay, Louis Jourdon,
Barry Hulluan and I"I'illlk Lovcjoy
"Wimi happciicd to Julie on her
honeymoon. iHcc how silly these
ads ('illl gel?)

S'I‘IIAND

Uh Men, ()h Women! \tllll Dan
liuilcy, (iliigi‘l‘ ltogers, David Niven
illlti llui'bnln ltiisii. "It's nil about
you~k:io'.t»\\liut and ion know
it's wonderful " IYuli, Wcll \‘li‘ don't

even know \tliui. you‘ri- inlitlllll,
ubouili
LELAND
A "iwm icrror shot-J" Iguaran-

tccd to make you Wish you hadn't!)
’i‘hcy arc: The Man Who Turned to
Stone and Zombies of Mora ’l‘uu.
MADISON

Rodgers A: lininincrsti-in's Okla~

lioina with (iol'doii Mucltae and
Shirley Jones.
DELAWARE
Friendly Persuasion with (fury

Cooper. Dorothy McGuire, Marjorie
Maine and intrixiuclng Anthony
Perkins. This picture has been
nominated for four Acu d e my
Awards and rightly so.

22, 1957 ' .~ - I \

 

r

 

 

 

“Now. let‘s ask the man in the street."

 

Gamman- Slat”

By FIELDMAN and CARBONE

 

 

   

“There are but two ways of rising in the world: either by
one's own industry or profiting by the foolishness of others."

DARN DELIGII’I‘I’UL INVERSION

"Plain and Fancy" was a theatrical as well as ﬁnancial success. It's
atoi‘t time we saw standing room only around here. The excellent Broad-
way script could never have been as well presented without the ﬁne
spirit and cooperation of the cast, chorus. and crews. One complaint—
Let's make sure that people with reserved seat tickets don’t have to
stand or sit in the last row balcony in the future. Maybe numbering
the tickets would help.

INGENIOUS INVENTION

It was good to sec decorated houses on Pai‘ents' Day. Congratula-
tions to KB for their excellent presentation. Hope you all saw it. Next
year. maybe everyone will participate.

SPECIAL SOCIAL SANC’I‘ION

At Parents ‘Day, we noticed freshmen, Sophomores. and Seniors with
their parents. The absence of the Juniors was rather conspicuous. Could
be that they're waiting for Moving Up Day. . . . Don‘t wait too long:
it may not be worth it.

GET GOING GANG

Hallelujah! Our prayers are being answered. Myskania is going to
have an open forum Tuesday at 7:30 pm in Brubacher government
room. We hope this will be an enlightening discussion instead of a
sequel to last semester‘s "Comedy Hour." where any prestige Myskania
had at the time or might have gained. went down the drain. This was
due to inadequate planning and the pointless discussion that disheartened
everyone and enlightened no one.

UNDERTAKINGS L"I"I‘EItLY USELESS

Convocation is becoming more of u humorous presentation than the
"Penguin." C'mon group. let's settle down and act intelligent for a
change. You’ve only got a few more months to go. Whether or not you
agreed that the money Forum requested was needed, it was sort oi
ridiculous to pass the budget. line by line. and then defeat the entire
budget. There should be more intelligent discussion on both sides of
questions so people can understand what ihey'rc voting for or against.

Sl'l’I’OSED STAGE Sl’l"l‘EItS‘.’

Well, the lists are up again. HA! HA! HA!
what basis Myskania has for the recommended and suggested chosen
ones. From looking at the names. we can see reasons for people being
on t'liili‘l' one list or the other. or for not hcuig there at all. Some of
the many are: pcrsmialiiy conflicts. attitudes oi the nominees and the
nominaiors, just bring a small log and not 21 big wheel, the clean up
('Ulllllllll.i‘i‘ group. :I i'cw real workers. and ilic oncs who can't see. any
honor lo run for anyway. “Ability is oi litilc account without opportunity."

'l‘llllt'l‘EEN'.’ 'l‘WELVI-I'.’ 'I‘EN‘.’ ’I‘IIIIEE‘.’ 'l‘Wi)?

Advice to Mlsknillzl hopefuls: Should you run? YES . . . but for
one rl'nsoii only WIN first; ihcn do this: Make the iiiirteen tools
into an honorary society with some real prestige and meaning instead
of the li‘iviilryi judicial and honorary society that it pretends to be
today.

PH, 'l‘o ihc prcscni day Myskania, lo lhc hopefuls. and to Student
ASSIii‘lalllHll 'l‘lii-rc docsn'i iiuH' to bc iluriccii clcctcd, and there sliouldii'i
bc this yi'ui‘!

We'd sure like to know

QI'ICS’I'IUN ()I" 'I'III‘J WI‘IICK

Will the nilcnipicd assassination of ilic crown |)l‘llli‘i- be successful?

 

 

College Calendar

I’lIIDA I’. MAI“ 'II 353

 

 

 

 

 

 

10.00 am Legislaiiic f‘onvocuiion lll I’ugc Hall.
10 00 u Iii Vcirruny Society Mcciin in Draper 349.
ii 00 pm (lamina Kappa I‘ill llaic l’nrty at [he sorority house

if 00 pm (mung Club Squari- ll-incc lli Brubacher Din
. ._ lll' Iii)“.
8.00 pm. l’lii Delia ()pcii llousc for Siaicsmcn. B h l

SA'I‘I'ICIIAI'. MAIN'II 23
ll 00 l).lll liruinu'hci‘ llull Foruril l)'iiii'c in Ili'ub'ichi '

i . , , .1 M ii. ..
0.00 pm I’icrcc llall Formal Dance in l’icrce Hall, “W” 11mm”
SI'NIIAY. MARCH 24
5.00 pm. Lutheran student As:~oi~iiitioii Supp” “my “$61,551,,” I’m-ma
. :i‘i. St Johns Mcciing llouse on Central Avenue
limo |,‘.Ill (:uuicrbury (.‘lub Melting at ihe Cathedral of All Saints
0.00 pm. Sigma Lambda Sigma lsufl‘ct Dinner for Kappa Delta '
'l‘l'ESDAY, MARCH 26
7.00 pm. Senior Class Meeting

in Brubacher (jover = '
8:00 w” ninuit itooiii.

Oral Interpretation Class Readings lll Draper 340

 

 

 

r
i
I
;.
Z
it

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 22. 1957

PAGE 3

 

 

@ne Mani @pim'an

By DAVID FOTHERINGHAM

For weeks we have read articles
on the need of a change in student
government. We have heard pros
and cons on what we ought to have.
Everyone asks that someone take
the arguments thus far offered and
.put them into a practical form. So
far, the only constructive proposals
rendered have been questions, except
for those which are vague and am-
biguous. or which have failed to
come into the light. Why should we
continue these tiring discussions
with no organized, positive sugges-
tions before us? Let's discuss some-
thing that is on paper as a start.
I would like to offer a few answers
to some of these current problems.
I have a written Constitution which
offers one of many paths to follow
in solving our present problems.
Practical Philosophy

Of course, the first question that
would be .put to me Ls. what is the
philosophy to be incorporated into
this constitution? This is a very
important consideration, not one to
be overlooked. But, this can be
formalized later. First, I would like
to show the general structure of this
proposed representative government
and the general problems it solves,
for a philosophy of government can
be partly inferred from its struc—
ture.

First it must be recognized that
most students do not have an over—
whelming zeal to congregate with a
thousand or more fellow students
Itlieoretically speakingi to discuss
and legislate on student problems.
They would much rather delegate
powers to a representative body. A
thousand people cannot function as
a central governing body if there is
no interest.

Student Senate

Therefore, a representative body
is needed to function as a student
legislature and to represent the real
interests of the student body. Let
us call this legislature the Student
Senate. The Senators should come
from the four classes Also, let us
give the Senate all legislative pow-
ers and responsiblities. This dele—
gation of powers eliminates the
present dilemma of three govern—

 

emmmrcaﬁam

(Continued from Page ,2, Column 3)
under its jurisdiction. Naturally, the
department must give preference to
those students using the facilities
for college credit. If any student
or group of students wishes to re—
serve :i practice room. they must
do so with permission from either
Dr. Stokes or Mr. Peterson.

I feel that the general tone of the
article was too caustic. 'I‘lie iii-
i'orniation contained therein was
exaggerated and. at times. mislead-
ing. Again allow me to apologize
for the article and offer my person-
al guarantee that no other such
ariiclcs wriiicn by me shall appear.

Paul Erickson '59

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. Lake Ave..
Near Washington Ave.
2 ISAItBEltS
We Aim To Please

 

 

 

 

Come With
S p r i n g
to the

SNACK
BAR

 

 

 

mental groups sharing
powers.
Executive Cabinet

We now need an administrtive
force to execute the acts of the
Senate. Let us call this force an
Executive Cabinet. This Cabinet
would be headed by the four elected
officers. who would appoint any
additional servants as the need
dictates. In this way, we would
eliminate SA. elections for such
subsidiary boards as Student Board
of Finance.

legislative

Elect Fewer Ofﬁcers

We don't need an elected recom-
mending committee. Also. more at—
tention could be given by SA. to
electing the principle ofﬁcers. Few-
er ofﬁcers to be elected is an ad-
ditional advantage in favor of re-
sponsible voting.

Function of Myskania

Do we throw out Myskaiila and
set up a new court system? Of
course not. We have to save some
tradition, but at the same, let us
strip this group of all powers except
judicial. This judicial institution
should be a society of Seniors who
hear cases of violation against the
Constitution and laws of the Stu—
dent Senate. rendering decisions
and interpretations. There is no
other governmental duty Myskania
should exercise.

Purpose of Organization

“The purposes of the organization
are. to deal efTectively with matters
of student affairs, to perpetuate the
best traditions and ideals of this
College, to promote the best of good
will and understanding between the
faculty and students to the end
that the work of this College may
be made of lasting value to the
students, to control all matters
which are delegated to the student
government by the administration.
to work with the administration in
all matters affecting the welfare of
the student association, to enact
and enforce such laws as are deem—
ed necessary for the promotion of
the welfare of the students and to
control and direct student activities
in order that they may be conducted
for the best interests of the Student
Association as a whole. and to the
credit of New York State College
for Teachers.”

Here is a start. Here is some-
thing tungible to work with. It may
invite support or over-riding criti-
cism, but at least we are a step
closer to the vitally needed change.
Our discussion need not be purely
hypothetical in nature.

College Film
Group Presents
Banned Movie

International Film Group will
present “The Young And The
Damned" 7:30 pm. Thursday in

Draper 349, according to Steve
Jacobson '59, President.

The Story

This Mexican ﬁlm portrays a

story of juvenile delinquency and
the boys who roam the streets at
night looking for outlets to practice
their violence.
(‘ondemned by Legion

Jacobson states that the ﬁlm is
listed as “condemned” by the Legion
of Decency. The International Film
Group feels that the ﬁlm merits
viewing by students not aﬂ‘ectcd by
the Legion's ruling because of the
quality of the production and the
handling of subject matter. The
student body may see the list of
Legion of Decency ratings along
with information and pictures of
scenes from the movie. These are
located on the bulletin board in
the Draper-flusied Peristyle.
Discussion

After the showing of “The Young
And The Damned," an open dis-
cussion wil be conducted on the
censorship of ﬁlms.

6/; 7/0“

Flash! A prominent member
of News Board recently received
a letter from the State Senate
signed by It. U. Serious, Secre-
tary of the Inferior, informing
him that he had been chosen
from thousands to spend an
exciting and adventurous four
year cruise through the lovely
waters of the waters of the Suez
Canal. lie was also awarded a
stay at the scenic resort at the
Israeli Strip.

It was inferred in the letter
that because of the recipient's

 

typing experience. extra pin
money could be earned if so
desired. The money in turn

could be spent for extra spam
rations. As the Spain—leader of
his group it was assured that a
satisfactory elevation in ofﬁcial
title would be awarded. Every~
one would be required to call
him Spam Spade.

This patriot's name must be
kept secret for security reasons.

 

IT’S FOR REAL!

Out after a deer?
Of course you know
You must get a license
Before you go!

tobacco filter. Chesterfield —~ the
smoothest tasting smoke today

by ACCU-RAY!
Like your pleasure BIG?

Cheater Field poem.

G Llqu A than 'I'oblucu 0v.-

 

    
  
 
   

vucr VERSA*

MORAL: Big game hunters, attention~

take your pleasure BIG! Smoke a f ,
regal Chesterfield King and get more i " I
of what you’re smoking for. Majestic
length—plus the smoothest natural

because it’s packed more smoothly

Chesterfield King has Everything!
'36!) goeu to Jerry A. Bye, Cue College, [or his

3350/1” every hiloeopln'cal verse accepted [or publico- _  u .. .
non. Cheater/Iiild, PO. Box 21, New York 46, N, Y, - 

by Chester Field

Ohf After a dear.
Then it’s reversed.
Never mind the license—
Catch the dear ﬁrst!

 

I:

  

 

   

_,l(iAI E'I‘I'I'IS

m...

   
 

  

    

 

 

71.. am luau

 

By ART PLOTN “C

When my parents came up last
weekend, my father slapped me
heartily on the back and asked.
“what are you doing in Gym now,
boy?" My father loves athletics. So
do I. So do many people; athletics
are the greatest. My father wanted
to know what I was doing in Gym.

“Quiet games and folk-dancing,"
I told him.

“C'mon boy." he said, “really, what
are you doing now? Football? Base-
ball? What are you doing in good
old rugged college Phys Ed?"

“Well Pops, last week we played
Drop The Handkerchief, Simon
Says, and Buzz. This week we
learned the Tee Top Stomp, some
real wicked dance."

“Ha! Wonderful sense of humor,
son, wonderful! But aren't you go—
ing to tell me what you‘re really

C amp Director
Lists Interviews

Joseph Anderson ‘57 announces
that Warren Duiihain '58 has been
appointed director of Men's Fresh-
man Cainp for this year.

All undergraduate men who are
interested in being counselors at
camp next fall are asked to sign
up on the interview sheet on the
bulletin board opposite the Student
Personnel Ofﬁce during the week
of March 25-29. Interviews for ap-
licants will be field in the Student
Personnel Ofﬁce April 1-5.

Counselors are needed for the
kitchen, waterfront, outdoor recrea-
tion. and entertainment.

doing? It's golf or bowling isn’t it,
lad? And I’ll bet you need some
money to play and were afraid to
ask . . . here boy here's—"

“Freeze, Pop," I interrupted, “this
is no joke. They really have us go-
ing for this noise.”

My father fell back, stunned by
the shock of having the son he had
so carefully coached in vigorous
athletic skills come to this fate.

“Why?” “Why
this?"

he said weakly.

"Because," I answered, "some day
I may be looking for a job and I
may end up working in a camp and
a kid may come over and may want
to play a game and I may not have
a book of games handy and I may be
able to remember one of the games
we learned in Gym."

"I never thought of that," admit-
ted Dad.

“It was great fun, but it was just
one of those things," I added.

“But what do you do for vigorous
exercise," asked Father.

"Oh, that.” I said, feeling very
much like Abe Lincoln, “I have to
walk about twelve miles from my
apartment to Brubacher Hall in
order to get to the class. Then I
have ten minutes to get back to
school, I run all the way."

“Good luck, son," he concluded.

 

   

Ivy League
CREW NECK

A.~k your favorite partner
where his or her "IVY
CREW" came from and
you'll discover our sweater
all over the campus.

Just the thing for Coke
dates and classes.
’l‘an, black, charcoal. ivy

Rl't‘t‘ll.

IIcy gals! llave
SPORT SHIRT?

~iiiiiiiiiisisruii

Under Napoleon III of France
in 1850 men’s styles took on
the “hour-glass look" which,
in women’s fashions persisted
through the ’60’s. This men’s
style was more popular in
Europe than in the U.S.A.

IVY CHIN 0 SLACKS

Polished Cotton lvy’s

you
Makes excellent “Ivy” tai-
lored shirts with slacks and Bermudas.

  

 

SWEATERS

6.95
3.98

$4.98

ever tried a I’ItEI’

 

 

Just Arrived!

IVY STYLE!) .f’l‘ltll’El) FLANNEL SUITS.
from 34.95

 

 

SIIUI’ IN THE
BIG ()AMI'US FASHION CENTER

 

 

 

 

SPECTOR'S

233 Central Ave.

 

 

 

 

 

