   
 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

We're Rushing‘You . . .

We’re mighty proud of the State College News. For
many years it has been ranked among the best of educa-
tion college newspapers. We’re proud of the people who
work for this paper. Few people know the hours of work
that go into being sure that “the News always comes out
on Friday.”

We're also patting ourselves on the back because we
receive criticism. Criticism is the structure upon which
any organization improves itself, whether it be student
government or the student newspaper. There are very
few members of SA who moan loud enough when it comes
to criticism of student government, but there are many
who gripe and commend this paper. Don’t get us wrong,
we’re not complaining—we like your criticism, but there
is one criticism we will not tolerate——that of fraternity
and sorority control of the News.

We’ve been hearing for some time that this paper
favors certain social groups on this campus. We hate to
disillusion some of the childish minds at State, but the
State College News is an all-student newspaper. Everyone
has the opportunity to start out as a reporter in hopes of
someday gaining that desired board position. We don’t
recruit freshmen according to their Greek status; we
recruit them because we feel that they will make good
fourth estaters.

So, next time you have a childish, petty comment
about the staﬁ and board of this paper, don’t be hurt if it
falls on a deaf ear. Bette: yet, if some of you want to keep
an iron—hand check on .is, why don’t you come out and
write for this newspaper—we can always use more writ-
ers—whether you be an independent, or a Greek!

Campaigning . . .

It is the task of those few individuals who have
‘chosen to run in these spring elections to not only enlist
support for themselves and their party, but to persuade
the students of this college to vote in these elections. A
poster campaign can not accomplish either of these pur-
poses. Granted, that only a blind person walking down
the halls of the peristyles could ignore the fact that there
is an election and in a sense this awareness is primary.
But this knowledge does not impel people to vote nor does
it convince them to cast their ballot for you. Therefore,
it becomes necessary for all candidates to conduct an in—
tensiﬁed campaign. With the removal of all campaigning
restrictions by Election Commission, the way is open and
now it is your job to make the big drive.

Dippikill Daze . . .

Except for the most hardy souls and the members of
Camp Board, most of us have proceeded to forget the
College Camp over the past winter months. Too few in-
dividuals or groups took advantage of the facilities of the
camp for winter sports. Now that the robin has returned,
this neglect should not continue. Camp Board is spon-
soring a weekend work party this next week—they need
our help in developing the potentials of our camp. The
future possibilities of the camp are unlimited if we dISplay
enough interest in the venture and enough initiative to
contribute our time to its development.

It is also necessary for us to take advantage of these
facilities as they are growing. There is little sense in ex—
pending energy at any job if all the effort is to be wasted
by nonuse and non interest. The campsite offers an ex-
cellent location for picnics and other outings of various
campus organizations.

We wanted a State College Camp, and we got it. Now
let's support it and let’s use it.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF l9l8

 

First plﬂiie  Hid-UH“ leCc 
VOL. XLII M.ll‘(ll 29. 1957 NH.

Members of Ilil' NEWS shill lnny In- ri‘iil‘l'i‘fi Monday and Wmmmmu “m” ,1 [0
II. pm. and 'l'lltlbllliy from If lo 0 pill ni ‘J-Iliiuo‘, lu’xt II l’lllllllin lielilner flu—[lint
Bzarek 2-8870, Hitchcock 231030. Kalnpn 2-liil'lii

The undergraduate lieWspapi-r oi the New Yolk Slate (Iollcge for 'l‘elichi-rh,
published every li‘rlday of the College 'yt'lll by the NEWS “mm, H“, Um Human
Association.
MAB") BETTMEN
JOSEPH SZABI'JK - -v — - - . . _
MARCIA LAWBENUE - - - < . . . .
GEORGE GRAHAM - - - . . . .
ANN HITCIICOCK —
JOYCE MEYI'JBMANN

:-

- — (rod-illiter-Iii-(Illief
~v (Io-Editor-In-(Ihief
- Executive Editor

l'ubile lteiutluns Editor

"Mailman Advertising Editor

- - Circulation Editor

Associate Editor

Ansulilate Editor

Ahamdltte Editor

Associate Editor

l’eature Editor

. - - ~ - Sports Editor

- Consultant I'ulilie lteiaiions Editoi
(:omultunt Business Advertising Editor
. - - Consultant Sports Editor

- - - Stall l‘liotugraliper

NANCY RICHARDS

FRANK VI‘Z’I‘USKY - . .
Alt’l'lwlt PLOTNIK - . .
ROBERT KAMI’E ~ - . .
Klll’l'll YANDOH — - . .
MAIY ANN SClll.fi'l"l‘llAlJBElt -
JOSEPH SWIEBZOWHKI v - . .
WILLARD GILLETTE - - . .' “‘"J _
All communications should be llfl(ll'tibh0tl to the editor and must be signed, Names
“"11 be Withheld 0” “WW”- TIIU STATE COLLEGE NEWS ill-winners no responsibility
for opinions expressed iii its columns or Millunlillluullulih, to, hug“ “mucmpnm do not

nwemrily reflect Its View».
'0‘

-—-——

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAR

 

'— W". ..;. has? I

Albany theatres are going all out
to capitalize on the hullabaloo and
publicity over Academy Award nom-
lnations.

PALACE

They’re returning two pictures,
which between them have netted a
total of eleven Academy Award
nominations. They are: The King
and l (9 nominations), with Deborah
Kerr and Yul Brynner, and Ana-
stasia (two nominationSi with In-
grid Bergman, Yul Brynner and
He.en Hayes. Those of you who are
“Oscar happy” and those who go
for bargains, can hardly go wrong
with this excellent duo. .

STRAND

George Stevens‘ production of
Giant which received ten nomina-
tions will be seen on their screen.
It stars Rock Hudson, James Dean
and Elizabeth Taylor.

RITZ

The Ten Commandments with a
cast that sounds like 3. Who's Who
in Hollywood. It is the story of
Moses, iplayed by Charlton Heston),
from the time he is set adrift in a
reed basket on the Nile, to his
leadership in delivering his people
from bondage to the Promised Land.
The picture has all the good (and
bad) features of a giant among
spectaculars. It took 10 years to
make, has 25,000 extras and lasts 3
hours and 39 minutes with a short
intermission. This picture has also
been nominated for an Oscar as the
best picture of 1956. All evening per—
formances are by reservation only,
and the prices range from $1.25 to
$2.00. If you don‘t have that kind
of loot handy, don‘t fret. It has a
tentative running date at least un-
til June!

DELAWARE

The Gold of Naples with Vittorio
DeSica. Sophia Loren, Silvana
Mangano and Toto. An Italian im—
port made up of four stories which
give us a “pungent and penetrating
insight Into Neopolitan behavior."

ACADEMY AWARDS

Here is a partial listing of those
nominees who won Oscars:

Best Actor—Yul Brynner for his
role in The King and I.

Best Actress — Ingrid Bergman
for her work in Anastasia.

Best Picture—Around the World
in Eighty Days.

Best Supporting Actor—Anthony
Quinn for his role ill Lust for Life.

Best Supporting Actre5sﬂ—Dorothy
Malone for Written on the Wind.
am
To the Editor:

Althouin I have admired your at-
titude towards student government
lll past editorials, I feel you have
stepped out of place in your recent
attack on students who decline their
nomination to governmental of-
flees.

Despite tlle fact that there were
no direct inferences towards indivi-
duals, the editorial reflected un-
favorany upon any candidate dc-
elillilig ii nomination. Perhaps the
News has forgotten that our main
purpose here in academic Ill nature,
and that the administration has set
up certain requirements that all
students must meet ill order to re—
lllllIIl Ill attendance here. If jllSi
may be flint some illleldliuls prefer
four years of college to one scin-
estcl‘ of governmental office.

If a person does not feel that
he would f'ulf'lll the qualifications
for office, Would you have him run,
nlid perhaps be elected, placing a
totally nicelmpctellt person Ill office?

Our student body may be a unit.
but this unit is composed of two
thousand individuals, each With it
right to lead Ills own life and make
his own decisions as for as his pol-
lticiii status at Stale goes. No one
is entitled to make this decision for
Ililn or criticize the decision he
makes.

It might be good for our editors
to crawl into their owll little burrow
and come out with an apology winch
is due many Stutesmen.

Charles Fowler '60

 

 

CH 29. 1957

THE VOICES OF POLiTiCS

 

“Just wanted to be coaxed."

 

 

C’omman- 31am

By FELDMAN and CARBONE

 

“No man is good enough to govern another man
without the other‘s consent."

AND YE SHALL SEE; SO IT SHALL BE

Too bad there weren't more people at the Myskania open forum on
Tlledll)’ night. because it was quite a worthwhile event. Considering the
fact that Myskania was actually on trial. we guess the small jury there
would have to say that the verdict was acquittal due to ignorance of
the law. Evidence was displayed concerning the inertia that has hin-
dered Myskania from deﬁning its purposes and objectives. Myskanizi
is just not thirteen individuals. but is a continuous group of people from
the time it was started in 1917. Every Myskania has traditionally fol-
lowed the practices and procedures of the Myskania’s that prececded it.
Since everything else at the college is in a process of change, it's about
time for Myskania to follow along. It was decided that next year's
Myskania would be on probation to change Myskania from the honorary,
judicial, secret society it is now, to an idea-forming group of Seniors
who can reflect back upon their four years at State, and introduce
worthwhile suggestions and changes. It will be up to the new Myskania
to formulate its objectives and purposes for the future.

There were eight potential Myskania candidates there. We don't
feel that next year's Myskania should consist of many more than eight
members. We strongly urge everyone to attend the election rallies to
hear the potential candidates explain why they are running for Mys-
kania and what they intend to have Myskania become.

Looking back over the governmental procedures of the past four
years, we have come to the conclusion that a democracy is a form of
government that does not force the majority to succumb to the minority.
We believe that this is our major problem. People who are totally dis-
interested in student government, are forced to sit at Convocation and
discuss and vote upon issues they care nothing about. It is quite obvious
that the people who constantly advocate change in government. are ill
the small minority of interested people. Let’s not forget that over 90%
of the college population is composed of veterans. married couples. mark-
conseious students. followers, and a great mass of people who are. just
interested Ill things other than student government . . . and worthwhile
things. too! Wily should these people be. compelled to do something
that they don't care anything about? They have no interest ill stu-
dent government ,and they shouldn't be condemned because they have
no interest ill student government. Must there be Convocations? We
believe not! Myskaniit and Student Council are composed of the filter-
ested people. This year, take the time. trouble, and iiltelligencc to pick
qualified people who will efficiently and effectively take care of the mat-
ters of the school. Then let them figure out it way to take the burden
of red tape 00' the uninterested. After all, you can lead the horse to
water, biit you can't make him drink Hit the lovely mail box troughs
Ill lower Drupel'i. ’I‘oivll meetings may be considered ll forln of democ-
racy, hilt when you force people to have town meetings, the democratic
principle is wrecked. We don't need to have town meetings. You, the
student body, will put qualified people on Myskanin and Student Conn-
(:11 next year. Let them do the work. And then again. the government
flint rules the least. rules the besi.

QUESTION ()l" THE WEEK
Will you run zigziill if I l'cllolnlnnte you?

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, MAIH'II $39

 

10:00 am.
7:00 pm.
700 pm.

(,tompulsory Legislative (.‘iili\'ii(’iil.liill, Page Hull.

Kappa liellu Open House for SlfllA‘Sllll‘ll. 300 Western Avenue.
IVCI“ "Jack Wyl‘tzen" meeting. li‘n'st Presbyterian Church.
Schenectady.

(illllllllii Kappa Phi Informal Party, Uptown Club.

"The Insect Comedy" presented by DALA Council, Page flail.

8:00 pm.
0:30 pm.

SATURDAY, MAIH‘II 30
8:00 jl.Ill Chi Sigma Theta Date Party, 354 State Strict.

8:30 [l.lll. "’l'lie Insect C(illlitfly' presented by L)&A Council, Page Hull.
0:00pm. (lulliiiia Kappa Pill Formal Dance, ’l'en Eyck llotel

SUNDAY, MARCH 31

3:00 lIJlI. State College Musicale, Bi‘iibiicher Upper Lounge.
5:00 pm. Lutheran Student Association Supper and Discussion Meeting
St. John's Lutheran Church. I

TUESDAY. APRIL 2

I0:00 ain. Sophomore Class Meeting, Draper 349,
10:00 aln. (,‘onllnuters‘ Club Meeting, Draper 211.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MIARCH 29‘. 1957

PAGE '3

 

 

flee eta”..4rtar

By ART PLOTNIK

Today marks the close of another
sorority Help Week. and it is now
evident that many of these girls
truly need help. I helped a few my-
self during the week. It was my only
charitable endeavor of the decade.
and I must admit that it was rather
big of lne. But then, I like to help
people. These girls lmight some day
be able to do something for me.

One particular pledge approached
me last Monday carrying a pair of
lethal scissors. “Get back," I shout-
ed, “I promise I‘ll shave!" However,
she merely wanted a lock of my
hair and a fingernail. I managed
thereafter to scoop enough of my
hair together to forln a small lock.
At this point I looked precisely like
Yul Brynner, and. proud of the
transformation, I promptly donated
one fingernail to the cause.

Then there were questions to he
answered, often on the lnost unor—
thodox paper. For diabolical spite,
I would write three page epics III
answer to a simple question. If
rushed by the pledge, I would au—
tomatically add five hundred words
or twenty minutes of writing time.
I fear that some of my greatest
works will be lost in the musty cel-

Sororities Plan
Social Events

Formal initiations, parties, and
coffee hours highlight the social
functions of State's sororities this
week.

Chi Sigma Theta will hold formal
initiation Sunday at 2:30 pm, an-
nounces Mary Furner '57, President.
It will be followed by a dinner for
the initiates at Phil's Restaurant
on Central Avenue. There will be
a date party at the house tomorrow
night from 8 until 12 midnight.

Kappa Delta is having Open
House for statesmen tonight from
7 to 11 p.ill.. announces Dukcne
Zervas ‘58, General Chairman.
Marilyn Stilwcll '57 states that
Carolyn Howard, Assistant Profes-
sor of Library, Richard Hauser and
Edward Berg, Assistant Professors
of Biology. and Thomson Littlef'icld,
Assistant Professor of English, hayi-
beell added to the Kappa Delta
faculty. Linda Nagle, Marit—Jelltoit
Neilson. Angela Lo Verdi, Elizabeth
Spencer. Nancy Horton, freshmen.
and Eleanor Landrio '58 have been
pledged.

Psi Gamma has pledged Jenn
Klinlil) ‘00, announces Mary Lou
ML‘IMJI' '57, President. Monday, at
8:15 pin. the sororin will give a
coffee hour for the lllclnbcl‘s of
Alplizi Pi Alpha.

The pledges of Sigma Pill Sigma
wiILhold ll party for active mem-
bers Sunday afternoon, announces
Paula holder '57, President.

 

CAMP
COUNSELORS

Outstanding Boys' Camp
on Lake George
seeking group

counselor applicants

Superior Salary Schedule

(‘ontaetz

DUN SllELLENBERGEB

Camp Director

YIlll‘A, 13 State Street

Schenectady. New York

l’hone li‘lt 4-9136

 

 

 

 

lar of some sorority house.

I was asked by a lovely specimen
to grow another beard, that she
might shave it one week later. This
I did in honor of her loveliness and
the fact that I couldn‘t afford any
blades until State scholarships ar-
rived. I am presently sick of beards.
Another lowly pledge requested that
she be allowed to shine my shoes.
It took lne considerable Lillie to
convince her that rather than wear
shoes, I shellac my feet and pencil
in the laces. That crazy nui would
have killed me.

I was so good to these pledges!
I purchased candy and peanuts at
standard prices; I autographed pic—
tures of myself and heard, ripped
untimely from the womb of the
l’enquin; I relinquished the piano
in the commons to those of lesser
skillA—remeznbci' me girls. remember
me if you will.

 

ﬂue/u; ﬂaw/a
4M Baldy

Davey (‘roekett of the State
College News Board added an-
other laurel to her vast accom-
plishments with an act of dar-
ing comparable only to her edi-
torials. She was bicycling on a
buffalo hunt when the signs
pointing to Buffalo ran out and
she landed in Massachusetts.
Fortunately. she had her trusty
compass with her and set out
to find her way back. (Unfortu—
nately she made it.)

llndaunted by the obstacles
which she encountered on the
long journey home, Davey's
safety seemed imminent. 'l‘hell—
disaster!

Faced with a 40 foot ravine
which stood between her and
civilization, our heroine wove a
braid rope from her hair (She's
very sensitive about her bald
spot so don't mention it to her.)
and proceeded to swing across
the precipice. However, she ne-
g'lected to tie one end of it to
anything and fell headlong illlo
the gap. She sustained a bruis-
ed knec and three broken finger—
nails. ller brave comment: "That

in

lousy rope would break.

This year's Senior Ball Will be
held Friday. June 14. from 10 l).lll.
lo 2 a.m., at the Shaker Ridge
Country Cllib, announces Betty Van
Vlack ‘57, Chairman for the Ball.

Miss Vun Vlack lists the follow—
ing Senior committee chairmen:
Mary Knight and Mary Lou Meis-
er, Tickets; Bill'blll‘ll DeMarco and
Richard Fcldn‘liin, Programs; Trudy
Stelnmer and Bruno Rodgers. Al‘-
rang‘ements; Elizabeth Holbi'ock
and Nancy Louprette. Band; Rob-
ert Burns and Sheila Lister. Chap-
crones; Mary Furner, Decorations.

John Mical and his orchestra
have been engaged to provide the
music for the evening. Bids for the

 

 
 

Iljili'S'FO-R‘QREAI.l. I ‘ 7‘ may ital-e.- Field”

   

 

DAWN’S SURLY LIGHT*

Early to bed and early to rise
Makes a man lieu/thy, wealthy and wise.

The truth of such nonsense by me is contested;
I’d rather be weakly, insolvent . . . and rested.

MORAL: In any light, things start looking up
when you light up the BIG, BIG pleasure
of ('Tllestel‘f'leld King! Majestic length
n plus the smoothest natural
tobacco filter and the smoothest
lasting smoke today ——- because
it's packed more smoothly

by ACCU- ItAY. ’l‘ry ’em! //

  
 

 

Chesterfield King gives you more
of what you're smoking fort

Nith goes to Honor! J. Sullivan, Holy (‘roso‘ (.‘ollc’gt’.
[or his ('In'slel' ("re/i1 poem.

$111) [or every [)lliluo’ilplllf'ul terse accepted [or publlv
cation. Chesterﬁeld, l‘. 0. [fox 2!, New York 40', N. Y.

a lilguutl a “you 'l'ubnwuu l7o.

 

 

 

 Marcia Levine

Now What?

These ten

can we lose?
No Comment

This evening.

Club. Barbara

Senior Ball may be purchased for $4.

The Senior Ball is a traditional
dance which is slated as the
opening event of Senior Week-
end each year. This year Class Day
and Alumni Day occur on Satur-
day, Julie 15, The activities of the
day feature the enlistment of grad-
uating Seniors into the Alumni As-
sociation by present members. The
day is culminated by Torch Night.
The end of the college year will be
marked by commencement Sunday,
June 16.

News Board Announces Marcia Levine

‘ As State's Candidate In National Contest“

‘57 was selected by News Board Sun-

day to represent State College in Glamour magazine's
search for the ten “Best Dressed College Girls in
America,“ announce Marie Dettmer and Joseph Szarek,
Juniors. Co-Editors of the State College News.

Three photographs of Miss Levine will be sent to
Glamour magazine where their fashion editors will
select ten ﬁnalists from the candidates submith by
colleges froln all over the nation.
National Winners
winners will be
Glamour‘s August issue. and each will receive a “Best
Dressed“ award.
exclusive story if 0111' entrant is one of the ten ﬁnal-
ists. iHark! Our chance for nationwide fame.) The
contestants will be judged on the basis ’of good taste,
grooming. and planning. with criteria like this how

photographed for

The News has been promised an

Miss Levine made a classic remark upon hearing
of her victorv which we feel is expository of women
all over the world. We quote: “Pictures? Oh. but I
couldn't! I simply haven't got a thing to wear!"

Gamma Kappa Slates
Informal Party, Dance

Julie 8111(1er '57. President, announces that Gam-
ma Kappa Phi sororily's formal weekend will begin,
tonight at if [2.111.

the sorority will hold an informal

puriy for its numbers and their dates at the Uptown
Hungerford '57 is in charge of ar-
r..ngcments for the first event of the weekend.
'I‘en Eyck Formal

Miss; Hungerford is also general chairman of the
>ororlty's formal dance which will be held tomorrow
cloning from 9 pm. to 1 am. in the Fort Orange

Chairman Schedules Senior Ball;
Slates Shaker Ridge As Sile

Suite of the Sheraton-Ten Eyck
Hotel. Committee chairmen for the
formal dance have been appointed
and they include: Miss Studley.
Flowers; Nancy Madelin ‘58. Favors;
Theresa Schalck, Chaperones; Vir-
ginia Buddenhagcn, Programs. Soph-
omores; and Caroline Bylina '60,
Bids.

Formal Initiation

The weekend will come to a chm--
ax Sunday afternoon at 2 pm. with
the formal initiation of the soror-
ity's pledges. This event will be con-
ducted at the sorority house at 207
Westem Avenue.

Gamma Kappa Phi is the first of
the seven Greek societies to hold a
spring formal weekend this year.
The other sororities have scheduled
their weekends in the near future.

 

‘===’—‘
55'

 
  

 

I feeling of

SPORT

Ill‘llll‘l..\llh'. SHORTS
LUNGS, X—HLN'G

 

 

s llliillliils
in History

—-=-_——-

 I '

 

Some psychiatrists say that the ire-
mendous popularity of knickers in the
1920’s was title to the post-World War

which tended to make grown men feel
like youngsters.

—-——_—"'——— l\'\' l.l'I.\(i I ll

 

‘ 44%;...
‘. ‘_“=.

  

j

gaiety and irresponsibility

0 0 A T s
from 22.95

 

IVY SPORT SHIRTS

ll‘uilon down

1' o I I ii 1‘ Asst.
stripes. 9 5
from '

CAMPUS

 

FASHIONS

SPECTOR'S

2:3 (‘EN’I‘BAL AVENI'E
Open Every Nile 'tll 9 PM.

in SLAGKS
i:\‘lll:lvuru“unﬁll'tllll 7 . 9 5

FOR MEN

 

 

 

