 

é:
.«
i
ii.

PAGE‘Z

Page Promises . . .

The vacation mood has hit us all. Most of us are mark-
ing off the days to that “happy hour” when we will be
hopping aboard the train and speeding back to the old
home town. However, let’s not begin this vacation too
early. Let’s give some consideration to the very important
event which is taking place this morning at 10 am. in
Page Hall. That’s right, it is another convocation. But,
how about taking a chance and attending this meeting?
You won’t lose your Pedagogue if you are not there, but
you will lose the opportunity of hearing the campaign
speeches of both Student Association Presidential candi-
dates, and the nominees for the position of secretary. In
addition, it may well be to your advantage to get a look at
the other candidates for SA offices as they are introduced.

We have been witnesses to clever political maneuvers
during this campaign, now let's see if the candidates and
their parties have as much to offer from the floor. You
must make an individual decision as to which way you
are going to cast your ballot, and you must know your
candidates and their political platforms if this decision
is to be an intelligent one. This election rally offers you
one means for becoming thoroughly acquainted with each
candidate, for questioning them, and for demanding an—
swers, answers which are more than meaningless words;
concrete answers which determine the position and quali-
fication of each candidate, and answers which offer both
solutions and suggestions. Be there—it will be worth the
hour of your time.

As an added reminder, attend the election rally which
will be held the Thursday night after vacation in Bru~
bacher. Here is your opportunity to question the candi-
dates for Myskania. This is another first, and you are the
only one who can whip it into a useful and enlightening
meeting.

THE Profession . . .

We are all aware of the Board of Regents recent deci-
sion to increase the requirements for teacher certification.
Along with the increase of hours in our major fields, the
board has decided that teachers need more professional
training. This latter requirement has raised the ire of many
liberal arts school graduates who would rather take courses
for the Master’s degree in their major field than in pro-
fessional training. A liberal arts college does not offer suf-
ficient teacher training to permit its graduates to step
into teaching without further professional work. The pro-
gram here at State College not only provides a broad li-
beral arts program, but also a substantial program in
teacher training.

It would seem that the liberal arts schools place more
emphasis on teaching subject content than on the chil-
dren their graduates are to teach, when both are of equal
importance. A teacher who can rattle off scientific concepts
is a failure unless that same teacher can make the chil-
dren he is teaching understand those concepts. This is
where professional training is essential—a teacher must
have some idea as to what makes his students “tick,”
and what methods to employ in teaching.

Our whole program here is geared to provide future
teachers with a knowledge of subjects and students. Teach-
ing is a profession, although not yet recognized as such by
the State of New York. Medical colleges train doctors, Law
colleges train lawyers, and 'l‘eachers’ colleges train teachers.

Liberal Arts school graduates and their supporters
have no right to expect that they are to step out of college
and into teaching without an adequate knowledge of the
profession itsclf. We must all remember that we are teach-
ers of children, and not merely human storehouses of
subject matter!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
LSIABLIEHED MAY l9l6

ur ltth LLAi-is OF I‘JIB

 

First “5 l.'t‘ uhl'A Second I'Iiit'l‘ ACI’
VOL. Xi H April (i. lil-‘i'l No, if

Mcinliris III the NEWS stall i|i.l‘y he I'i'ili'illti .‘yioniiit iIIItI Wciliic-iiliiy lion: '1 lo
11 pm and ‘l'snwiu, iiom 'i to if pin .ll '2 ilillti l'.-.l l l'iioiun lieiimei till lllilrl,
Hzarek Z-Ulf'lll, IIIIIIUIIIK 'J-H'llill). Kuiiipli L! llll'lli

‘l‘iii: lllltit‘l'ytl'ntiililii' Ili‘\\n[l.ljii‘l ol the My ‘i'oir; riiiiie tiollegt for 'leiiciiei‘s
[)llIllihlft'tl i".i‘l‘l l"r.<l.c, oi ll.c (Iv..:e,',:- ye.” i). ’lii' filaWh‘ ilourii for the thorium
Assoc lltI ion
MARIE Diz'l'lllllult r r
JOSEI'II SIAIIEK ‘ _
MARCIA LAWRENI'I: ~ . .
GEORGE (iItAIIAM
ANN III'I'ffllf‘Ot'K -
JOYCE MEYI‘JIUIANN
MARLENE AI'ICEIUIAN
MARY I'I'I'Zl‘il'l‘ltlt'K
NANCY ltIL‘IIAllDS

I'tl'I‘JIIttll-Ill'('IIIl'I
t'o-Edltur lii-(‘lilt'l’
l‘lxccutlw- Editor
I'IIIIIII‘ Itclutloiis I'Ldltur
Business Advertising Editor
Circulation Editor
Associate Editor
Assurlalc Etlltor
Associate Editor
Associate Editor
Feature Editor

FRANK VE’I'Oslt I’
Alt'I‘llIiIt I'LO'I'NIK
uuﬂwu‘ “AM”; ' ‘ - - Sports Editor
KEITH YANDOII < - I - . ('umujum rum“, “chum”, mm”
MARY ANN SCIIHI'I'TIIAI‘Itl‘Jt r v ('oiiaultniit IIualIu-sn Advertising Editui
“mm.” “W'EIIMHIPKI ‘ ‘ ' ‘ (‘uiiiiultant hports Editor

WILL/HID IiiII.I.I'L'I"l‘I'l -' SluiI l'liologriiluwr
All coiiiiiiuiiicui.oiis should in: .itioiiu..iit to lift: minor and must he signed Niiilltlo
will be withheld on request, The H'IAIE COLLEGE NEWS lthhl‘lllCh no Ili-‘lINIIIDtIIIIILy
1"; opinions expressed in Ill, columns oi iJilHlllllIlItitIIIlIlh, its niii'li tijii'i'oriitilln do not,
necessarily reflect ll‘i VlUwa

 

 

“2'1"”!

 

 

 

STATE_COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 5. 1957

 

yawning Repeat»
By ROBERT D’ANDREA

Question: If you were suffering
from CEPHALAGIA, how would you
treat yourself?

Dave Case ’60: A hot shower with
lye soap, liberal dose of D.D.T., and
a penicillin shot to play safe.

Joanne Marro '58: At first I
probably wouldn't know what to do,
but after due consideration I'd
probably try getting rid of it by
pills, psychological treatment and
ducking my head in water. Maybe
some poor soul would buy it from
me for his dog. Then I could try
shooting myself.

Zacharie J. Clements '59: I would
hurry to the local pharmacy and
purchase a “do it yourself kit."
These things are rather embarras«
sing to take to a physician. Besides,
it might be contagious.

Ann Kinsler '57: I'd treat myself
by taking a month's rest in Florida.

Dom Mancino '60: I would most
certainly cool it by all means, If
this didn't work, then I would try
a new challis to remedy this boss
allergy.

Sandy Bersteln ‘57: The first
thing I'd do is call the FBI. and
tell them to get lost. Then I'd fall
down into the Grand Canyon which
is the only healing establishment
for cephalagia in the world. Then
I'd call Jayne Mansfield down and
have a ball.

Joe Purcell '57: I would live and
love it. If the disease resulted in
excessive fatigue I would take a cou-
ple of aspirins and get a good
night‘s sleep.

Gail ROberts ‘59: If I were suf-
fering from the mentioned condi-
tion I would begin to concentrate
on my studies in a more serious
way. I should want to find out just
inh it. my problem was. I think the
problem is my ignorance of the
subject. My mentioned ignorance
prevents the from saying more.

James Gary Ilolway '59: First of
ull, if I did recognize the symptoms,
I would not treat myself. I would
talk it over with my phyciiologist
and see if he recommended me see—
ing a specialist. If he were too un-
certain. I would see the specialist
anyway and see if he recommended
that I see my psychiatrist and if
my psychiatrist was vague, then I
would be obliged to forget about it
and leave it up to 

Don McClain ’59: Before I had
anything drop off I would rush to
a doctor and have him drain off
the puss. then take a quick shot of
raw whiskey and two chlorets be-
cause I really don't know what the
heck I have!

Personally, if" I was suffering
from ccphaiiigia I Would mosey on
down to the nearest drugstore and
get me some good old fashioned
ASPIRIN, 'cause Brother Webster
defines the word as jest fl plain,
ordinary HEADACHE.

 

Karate! (armed
By Alt’l‘ I'ALAZZOLO
LELAND

Those of you who are rabid Bela-
ionte ions are ill for :i treat. flurry
Belui'ontc anti Dorothy llundritlgc
star in (‘armcii .loiics. It is nigh—on—
iiiipossibie to praise this picture too
highly ’lhe second feature it» Fixed
ltiiyoncts, 21 (lung lio war movie of
lighting lll Koren.

I'AI.A(‘E

'I'ltttcrcd Dre» A “fast moving
iii'uriiu" with .letf Chandler and
Jeanne (.‘i'niii 'I'lie sccond lt‘ililil'l'
is Ki'lly and lllc. A t'iiiiicily about
"Kclly the piip who kept people
ior pets."

S'l‘ltAND

Ilcavrns Knows, .\Ii'. Allyson with
ltohert Mitt-hum and Deborah Kerr
The story oi it Iillli and u soidici'
thrown togethei oil on eiieiiiy—lield
Pitclllc islund during WW II. A
plcusuiil and delicate story Also
sliowtng in Storm ltldcr with Scott
Brady and Main Powers A Western

by ct'uckcy!
DELAWARE

(Iold of Naples Willi Vittorio ile—
Sica, Sophia Loren, Silvana Mun—
guno and Toto, (Italy's Ciiurlic
Clinplini. It's been drawnig good
audiences so it'll be field chr this
weekend. An Italian comedy with
English sub—titles.

Itl'I".

’I‘Ile 'I't‘ii l‘oiiuiiiuidiiii-iits 'l'lic
stipcr—coliohsui spectacular on the
story oi Moses Scat.» by i'i-sci'vu—
lion only

 

 

 

 

Yes. llut is it useful?

Gamman- 3M0“;

By FEEDMAN and CARBONE

   

k.

“A politician is an animal who can sit on a fence
and yet keen both cars to the ground."

SLIPI’ERY SITUATION

Iig rally in assembly today! Everybody come and listfii; it should be
qt'itc short siiiCt.‘ there won't be any vice presidential candidates to
1":d your ('ill'S. Yawn! Oh well, one has been disqualified and the others
no 3 :eclincd ieither by their own choice or thru pressurel . . . . . but
don‘t give up hope. They'll all be re—nominated again; that seems to
be the new fad around here. Seems to us that some pretty smooth poli-
tickiii'; has been going on whm people get two tries at the Constitu-
tion test. Anybody want to try for three? rafter everybody declines.
of course, and a nrw election has been declared.)

LET'S LE'I‘ LOOSE

There's a lot of tryouts going on these days . . . . “Antigone.” AD.
Plays . . . . . and now the forthcoming M.U.D. skit. We urge everyone
to be at Bi'u at 7:00 pm. on Sunday for tryouts. You don't have to be
recommended, suggested. or pass tests to be in this one . . . . ability
is all that counts.

YAWN! YAWN!

Bunny hop! Bunny rim! Lots of fun for everyone! We refer, iiu-
turally to Student Union Board‘s annual iyawni Dawn Dance at 5:00
am. on Satui'uy. Practice getting up early for those 8:00 a.m. classes.
We hear the decorations, music, refreshments, and door prize are super
dooper special.

DEMANDING DEMAGOGUERY

Glad to see Messei's. 'I'atc and Hinck really on the ball with group
house 'anipaigning. This is probably the first time they‘ve ever been
surrounded by hundreds of females at once. Good consolation prize
for the loser . . . . . one heck of a fan club following!

EVERYBODY ENJOYS EQUANIMI’I‘Y

All the organizations in this school are not ends in themselves. but
they are means to better ways of getting along cooperatively with
other people. One thing we like around here is the way most groups
leave their meetings in an adult frame of mind after heated discussions.
But this is not always the case. it's it pretty bad thing when certain
oi'gunimitioiis leave their meetings emotionally disturbed. It's not a
sign of intelligence or maturity when antagonistic individuals get cur~
ried away with themselves and wreck group harmony purposelcssly.
ALBANY AREA AUDIENCE Al’l'LAIfllS

Not many students Were present .n, the excellent production of
"The Insect Comedy.“ State College Theatre is building up quite u
following in the Albany arm. and Plutci's review proved that once
again we had it top notch druniulic ])l't)(ill'l.ltill by our excellent staff.
Did so many students stay away because the play was free and they
tell they have to pay in order to MT something worthwhile irciiieinbei'
it it“ comes from student ink), or were they afraid to see themselves
likened to insects? Our opinion is flint State College students have so
miniy exti'u-ciiri'lculzir tit.‘ll\'lll".\. lilili. as a result, they can't stpziratc
the wheat iroiii the chaff.

LOVELY LEN’I‘ILH

Ntillt‘t' the "dying potted plant" in the Myskunia mailbox this week.
It. was kind of funny but it showed illill people are going pretty far to
prove their points these days, And by the way, the baby carriage dis-
plny lll (.‘oiivoculioii Inst I“l'l(l£i_',' just showed the llii'llliii‘it‘l't'i to which
(‘oiiyoculioiis linvc dcgi-neinled'

QI'ES'I‘IUN ()I-‘ THE WEEK
[his the "sutioi'" forgotten tlic "old i,t‘.\l.illlll‘lll',“'

 

College Calendar

li‘ltlllAl’, Al'l'ltll. 5

iii (if! .i ll! Silliit‘iii (‘iiinoi'iiliiiti
HA iliili't'h. Page Hull

»i no pin Advanced liiziiil.itir~. l'luy 'li‘youls, Hlt'hlll'dﬁu“ 391

ll Ilti pin "(lulu l'ci‘pi=i'inani-c.‘ jd’l'hl'lllt‘tl by Music Council. I’ugc llull

SA’I‘I'IIDAI’, Al'ltll. ti

fl llti illli Aiiiillzil linwn I)-Ilil'|‘, IIl'lllitlt'Ill‘l' Mufti Illilllig ltooiii

it (it) pin llctu chn I“iilliliti. Van ('ni'lci Hotel, Schenectady

ti ()0 pin Clii Hiz'nm 'llicl.i lt‘oiiiiul, ('i'ookcd Luke llol.cl i

SI'NDAY. APRIL 7

1300 pm (‘lli Sigma Theta l'icnlc, 'Iliatmlici‘ I’ill‘K.

ll tit) pill ilclu thii .lu//. Hcssioii, 389 Shitt- street

'I‘lltl pin 'i'i‘youts for MU!) Skit, lii'ubzicliei' IIiiII.

MONDAY. Al’llll. ti

10:00 am. Senior Portrait Sittings Stage (Ii'ew ltooiii. Lower Hosted

'I‘l‘ESDAY. APRIL 0

10:00 am (.‘oiniiiuters' (.‘lnli Meeting, Draper 211

10:00 am. .iuinor (Jlass Mei-ting. Draper 111

iii 00 Hill Senior Portrait Hilliligh‘, Hinge (li'nlt ltooiii, Lower llustcd.

tiiili pin Headings it‘roin Literature by (Hal lntcrprctiiiioiis Class.
l)l'u|icf‘ :Hii.

\t‘EllNrISIL-H’, APRIL 10

10:00 am. Senior Portrait Sittings, Stake ()ruit llooiii, Lowur liustcd.

is 30 pm. "She Stoops To Conquer," presented by New Putt-1, Stair
College l’liiyci's, i’ugc lIiill

 

imiturnig speeches by iioiniiiccs It!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL

5. 1957

PAGE 3

 

 

71w 0pm Mind

 

 

By ART PLOTNIK

Hi kids! It's time for the weekly
adventures of Art Plotnik and his
magic pen. When we left Art last
week, he was in the land of sorori-
ties, using his mngic powers to bring
innocent young maidens under his
control. This week's story is entitled,
"Art Plotiiik gets a dog." It is ab-
solutely a true story. and of course
the names have not been changed
because Art Plotnik loves to see his
name in print,

It seems that Childe Plotiiik was
sleeping one night when he had a
vision, telling him that a dog was
soon to conic into his life. In order
to make his dreams come true. the
liltl'tl accepted a young puppy from
a girl in school who was anxious to
find a home for it. Now this was
indeed strange, for it is well known
that college students are in no po-
sition to keep pets. However, Childe
Plotiiik was dctm‘mincd, and thus
he brought the small i)l't)Wll quiver-
ing ball of life into his humble abode.
Twenty-four hours later the young
adventurer put an ad in the paper
trying to get rid of the (log, Now
what strange series of events led to
this unexpected change of Plotiiik's
heart, which was originally sincerely

Class Presents

Oral Readings

The lust eventing of Readings
from Literature will be presented
'l‘iiisduy iii Draper 349 by tlic Oral
liilci'prctntion of Litci'iiture Class,
announces Shirley Tctcr ‘57, Chair-
man of the Evening. The program
will begin at 8 |).lll.

Juan taunt/berg  will read
"Oiiioiie" by Alfred Lord ’I‘ciinyson.
Gloria Meyer '57 will present “Pat—
terns” by Amy Lowell, Katherine
Munsticld's “Life of Mn Parker"
\llll be read by Cliui'iottc Ci'incr '58.
(iridium Zch ‘59 will do "To Pu"
translated by l)l'. Henry Kioiig.

Also lll Lill‘ progriiii "ill be u
scene from "Electra" by .Jtmll (lins-
bui'g, :lll(I one from "the Import»
:.iu-c of Being Earnest" by Biirbaiu
Muilltli‘. Graduate students.

Juniors To Hear

Office Candidates

John Stefano, Pi'i-sidiiit of lift“
.lunioi' cluss, announces that illl‘l‘t‘
will be it i-lnss met-tin; Tuesday til
it) .i.lll. in l)i'upci' lll. Al illls llll‘l‘l-
iiig, c.uiip:iigii speeches will be giv-
t‘ll by the presidential t'.illtlltl:tlt-S,
and the candidates for the other
c uss tiiili‘cs will be lllll‘titlllt'l‘ti,

Money for class rings is still be-
ing collected llniiquet tickets cost
$150 The Class Banquet and lliiig
(‘ereinoily will take place April ‘17
.it lI.'l'|)i'l‘l'.\

JIlE’S BARBER SIItII’

5.". N. Lake .‘\l‘('..
Ncui‘ \‘Vushington Aye
21 llAlIlll'JltH
We Aim To Please

 

 

:tl-..\il.\'lil,'\‘ti ‘.’iit'
|ii.ii lift"
(.I‘I‘II‘III<I\I4 NI'I\\ YiiifK Hl/Yl'l'l
tiI"I"l('I‘i oi lill'

L. G. Balfour company

Fraternity .li-wclers
is located iii
The tnnt-i'sity l’osl titlii-c
SliYAt‘tkH'lu‘, NEW YORK
2nd li‘li.oi' ‘ 1'11 Marshall Si.
:‘éyi‘ucuse ’i’:i¥i'il7l'l

Headquarters for
l'riitci'iiily l'iiis — lliiigs - (lifts
Favors - I'laqin-s - t lips ~ Medals

Stationery - I'i'ogrunis
(,‘arl Sorcnscii, Manager
Syracuse ‘3!)

Wi lit‘ or cull or \‘lhii us and sec

Itli'lliiiil'llitiiliill completedisplay
and catalogue (ipcil daily if) to 5

 

 

determined to raise the young ca-
nine.

The answer is tragic. First of all,
in the twenty-four hours the dog
pained two pounds. and Childe
Piotnik lost five. Also, at the end of
this time, the hero was frozen in
ii ninety degree angle which he did
not recover from for several hours.
And third (and most iinportantl
the Baron of Childe, Plotnik's estate
decreed a law stating that no ca—
nines shall be housed in a seventy-
fivc - dollar - it - month - furnish-
ed - estate.

Thus, judge not harshly young
A.P. for his seemingly heartless
treatment of an innocent creature
trying desperately to adjust to a
penniiiiciit home, The hero was a
victim of circumstances, which was
the only situation in which his inn-
gic powers were impotent.

As I said, the above story is abso-
iulciy true. And the world is cruel
indeed.

SUB Opens
Pool Room

Kenneth Kudcl. '59, Secretary of
the Student Union Board, an-
nounces that the necessary equip-
iiictit has been purchased in order
to l'i‘f‘])l‘ll tht pool room adjacent to
the (iil’IlN‘ doom this week. The
equipment may be obtained in the
main office of Brubachei' and must
be signed out and returned by the
person using it.

It was ufso announced that Ley-
den Wells was elected to fill the
Junior Class vacancy on the Board.
Miss Wells will serve as Co-chair-
man of Refreshments for the Dawn
Dance tomorrow morning.

Organization To
Meet Tuesday

There will be a Comniutcrs’ Club
meeting Tuesday in Room 211 from
10 to 11 ii.iii., announces Margaret
Mt'Nl'Iil ‘58, Vice-President.

All members are urged to attend,
especial y the freshmen and Sopho—
llli.l‘t5. Included on the agenda will
.,e iiiililllltilltills for the officers for
15:57-38 Plans for a picnic to be
held if] May at Thatcher Park will
.-!.o be discussed.

Myskania E lecfs
New Committee,
Lists Members

Myskania. at its Tuesday meeting,
elected from a list of 41 candidates
the 15 to serve on the constitutional
committee. The group was author-
ized in convocation last week to
draw up and submit to SA a new
Student Association Constitution to
the student body on May 3.

The Members

Marilyn DeSanta, Chairman of
Myskania, announces that the com-
mittee includes these people: Sarah
Jane Duffy. Marcia Lawrence,
Charles Willsey, Seniors; David
Fothering‘ham, Richard Hinck, Rob-
ert Kopecek, Marilyn Leach, Donald
Rice, Jack Tate, and Joseph Szarek.
Juniors

Also serving are: Donald Mc—
Clain. John Yager. Winifred Youngs,
Sophomores; Shea Allen. Frank
Ki'ivo. freshmen.

Plan Work

Last night the committee met to
organize and elect a permanent
chairman. The committee hopes to
Work one entire weekend in order
to complete its work.

@nce W710“.
r4 ‘7’ulp

Onward to ye olde printing
presses and folders of Hudson
fly the staff workers on these
six sheets. Long “ﬂak—tiny hours
spent in imagination and make-
out . . . guess the word’s make-
up . . . pay off at last. While
four of the crew proof-read with
one pencil. one head and five
hundred mouths, they absorb
printer‘s ink in their veins,
hands. teeth toenails. hair. . ..
’I‘hen off to liver and bacon din-
ners and a short breakdown.

Behold! The masterpiece is
pressing or is it printing when
the weary ones return to in-
vestigate mistakes “The
blame's the thing!" Now, do the
printer men need any help—oh
sure—the folder just broke——
start folding all 4500 papers by

hand! . . . Sorry 'bout that!
Stop grab that paper.
Look . . . no headlines. Listen

not to printer—he's mad.
See ya next week.

 

“it's roafifzii'AL‘i.

 

SPRING

“I beg your pardon, pretty

it’s the smoothest tasting
smoke today.

fat/tum e mun 'I'Ulmi'co nu.

 

  

“And why should 1 do such ii thing
“Because, my dear, today it’s spring
Because there’s romance in the air
Because you are so very fair!"
“’l‘hcrc’s ii lot in what you’ve said. Fl
Okay, kiss me . . . go ahead."

MORAL: Faint heart never won
real satisfaction in smoking. 11' you
like your pleasure BIG, smoke for
rcal~ smoke Chesterfield. Packed
more smoothly by ACCU nltAY,

Smoke for real . . . smoke Chesterfield!

aim) [or curry pliilosopliim! curse accepted for put-lira-
llou. (‘licsici/iclil I'.(). ﬂux 21, New York 46, N.Y.

by Chester Fie'ld:

Miss,

But would you give me one small kiss?”

on
.

 

 

Chi Sigma Theta, Bet; 2a;
Present Spring Weekends

This weekend's Social Calendar
highlights the formal weekends of
Beta Zeta and Chi Sigma Theta.

Beta Zeta

The formal weekend of Beta Zeta
will be field today, tomorrow, and
Sunday. announces Nancy Lou-
prette '57, President. Tonight from
7:30 1).ll‘l. to l a.m., there will be
a date party held at Sleas-
man's. The chairman for this event
is Gayle Petty '58. The formal
dance tomorrow night from 9 p.iii.
to i am. will be held at the Van
Curler Hotel in Schenectady. Caro-
lyn Olivo ’59 is the chairman for
the dance. Sunday afternoon from
3 to 5 pm. there will be a jazz
concert at 389 State Street. Music
will be provided by Zacharie Clem-
ents '59 and his band.

Chaperones of the formal weekend
are: Coach Joseph Garcia and Mrs.
Garcia; Edward Cowley, Associate
Professor of Art, and Mrs. Cowley;
Mr. and Mrs. Boerner, housepiirents

of Beta Zeta; Mr. and Mrs. De-
Waard, houseparents of Psi Gamma.
Chi Sigma Theta

This evening from 8 to 12 pm.
there will be a party held at Her-
bert’s. The chairman of the party
is Bernice Tyler ’58. Tomorrow
night the Chi Sigma. Theta formal
will be held at Crooked Lake Hotel
from 9 pm. to 1 am. Chairmen of
the formal dance are: Programs,
Mary Fitzpatrick ’59; Chaperones,
Sharon Moore ’59; and Favors, Alice
Lockwood ’58. General Chairman of
the weekend is Sheila Lister '57.
Chaperones

Dr. Richard Spauding, Professor
of Chemistry, and Mrs. Spalding;
Dr. Hudson Winn, Associate Pro-
fessor of Biology, and Mrs. Winn;
Russell Bedford, Assistant Chief En-
gineer, and Mrs. Bedford; Neil
Brown, Director of Sayles; and Miss
Donna Hughes will be the chaper-
ones for this weekend. The weekend
guest will be Mrs. Inez Aubrey, Chi
Sigma Theta housemother.

Forum Delegates Represents

Sweden In Model UN Council

On March 21, 22 and 23, Albany
State Teachers College was repre-
sented at a conference held by the
International Relations Club held
at St. Lawrence University.

State was represented by Jack
Trombly '60 and Malcolm Rogers
‘57, who was voted the outstanding
delegate to the conference.

There were representatives from
ten colleges and universities at the
conference. They set up 11 Model
Security Council with each school
representing a member country of
the actual Security Council. State
represented Sweden

Questions which were considered
at the conference include: repara-
tions for Egypt, aid to the Near
East. the question of a permanent
United Nations emergency police
force. a UN. commission to investi-

gate internationalism of artificial
waterways, the crisis in Hungary.
ii plebiscite for Kashmir.

An example of the type of deci-
sions made by the members of the
conference includes this plan sub-
mitted by State in its role of rep-
resenting Sweden in reference to a
permanent. U.N. emergency police
force: "It has been decided to place
upon a permanent basis a small
United Nations Emergency Force
which can be employed by the Se-t
curity Council in pursuance of its
authority under the Charter, and
requests the Military Staff Commit-
tee to advise and assist the Security
Council, in pursuance of Article 47
of the Charter, to propose to the
Council suitable plans for the re-
cruitment of such a permanent
United Nations Emergency Force."

Hy Q-- the brilliant scholar
tells how to stretch your dollar
Greyhound’s the way to go—
saves you time as well as dough!

 

 

o i r  \*

.4.. -s. 4—.
, . ,ﬁ.

CIIOOCOOOIOOOOOOUOC

One Way

New York $ 4.1."
Montreal 0.30
Syracuse 3.55
Rochester . 5.75
Buffalo  0.95
(‘Ieveland . . . 11.05
Detroit  ,. 14.45

All Prices

Ti>»\

  

' ,3

\r

",/\’T'\ ‘ ,'.9 ¥
1*”jil'l'hj"h'l   in 'e'i LI “

.,,.

One Way
Boston ........... ..$ 5.05
Oiieoiita . . . . . 2.35
l'lattsbiirg . ....... .. 4.65
San Francisco . 67.70
(‘Iiicag'o ..  19.85
Iiiiig‘liaiiiton . . . . . , . . . , .. 3,95
Hartford  .. . ..... ., 3.45

Plus 'l‘ux

It's such a comfort to take the bus

.. .and leave th

8 driving to us!

GREYI-IOUNU’


r
J‘)

GREY HOUND ’I'ERMlNAI.

350 Broadway

Phone: 4-6165

 

