 

 

 

  
 

 

PAGI

The Electorate . . .

If you have taken the time on Fridays to read the
editorials which appear on this page, you will have no-
ticed that our attacks on the present form of student
government have been loud and several weeks long. Never
have we laid the blame for the near-collapse of our Stu-
dent Association on the student body itself. This is because
we ﬁrmly believe that the student body should not bear
the brunt of criticism under the puny excuse of “apathy.”
Rather, we lay the blame on the slow action of elected
ofﬁcers in the past to realize the failings of our present
form of government.

But this is looking back—let’s look ahead. The pic-
ture is much brighter. Indications are that we will have a
new form of government set in motion during the next
school year—a government that will meet the interests
of the student body, and not merely the few who worry
and fret about who’s going to be State Fair chairman and
who’s going to review organizational constitutions.

This is where you, each and every one of you, enter
the picture. To be sure we get that government, and to
be sure that government serves the student body, and not
merely “the few,” your ballot in this weekend’s election
must be backed by some thought. We urge you to consider
each and every candidate’s record before you pick up
your pencil. Elections, for the ﬁrst time in our history,
will cover a four day period. Don’t be in a hurry to vote;
rather, be in a hurry to think, and then vote.

Your choice, if you consider the candidates, will be
difﬁcult. We feel that the majority of our candidates this
year are exceptionally qualiﬁed to serve our interests—
they are “progressive” in the sense that most have
openly advocated a new type of government—one that
will serve and not shackle. It is up to each one of you to
ﬁnd the person who you feel is the best candidate. Let’s
not make this a Miss Rheingold contest, when what we
need is a COLLEGE election!

The Candidates . . .

One hundred thirty names will be listed on the ballot
which we will be considering during the next four days.
One hundred thirty qualiﬁed persons who have displayed
enough interest in our student government to at least
participate in these elections. Many of these same stu-
dents were interested enough to conduct signiﬁcant cam-
paigns.

Campaigning was neither loud nor bold; it was kept
well within the bounds of reason and soundness. Both of
our nominees for the ofﬁce of student association presi-
dent, Hinck and Tate, conducted noteworthy campaigns.
They took the ﬁght to every student by visiting the dor—
mitories, sorority and fraternity houses, and discussing
the principal issues of the campaigns. They were con-
stantly ready to answer, explain and support their stated
positions. Through these means we now know them, their
ideas, and we have seen them think on the spur of the
moment. They have supplied us with a basis from which
to make an intelligent decision.

In other cases the situation was not the same. For
some candidates posters still remained their only effort
to gain support for their election. Much was lacking and
much was left to be desired. The circumstances that sur-
rounded the vicc-president situation indicate the need for
revision in the testing procedure. This vital position was
sorely neglected in the campaigning circles. Regardless,
at last one step has been taken in the right direction.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6

BY THE CLASS OF l9”!

  

F'il'lit D'acc USPA Second Place ACP
VOL. XLII April 20, 1057 No ill

Members of the NEWS hlull may b:- ri-iiciied Moiiiliii and Wedlli'mlit) final ’I in
ii pm. and Tuesday from If in ii p m at 2~liiillii, Ext ll l‘nomn l)l‘lllili'r iiu lilii‘l.
Blurtk 20870. Hitchcock 291030, Kampii 2 fill?!)

The iiiidorgraduaie newspaper of lllt' New Yoik Hiaii- College for ’lciirlii-ri.
published every l"Ilil.iy oi the (.‘Ulll‘uf‘ year in llie NI‘ZWH “Oillll for in... mud...”
Association
MAINE DET'l‘Mlllt » - - «

JOSEI'II is‘iMltIzlt - - - - - »
MAltCIA I.AWII.l'.N('l-, - ~ -

I'u I'Ldllor-Iirl'IiIi-l
(Vitr'illlllllrill-(I'll?!
- Executive Eililor
llllalnenn Advertising Itllllof
(’Iretiiatlon I'Lililoi

Anoiiolutc I'ldltor

Associate Editor

Associate Editor

Associate Editor

[feature I'ldltor

~ - - Sports Editor

('oiisullunl l'ulilic Iteiutions I'Jditur
(oiisultant Iluitlneim Advr-rtlslng I'ldltor
~ A Conaiiltunt Sports Editor
Stu" I'hotogruliper

ANN lll'l‘CllClH‘K -

JOYle MEYEIMMNN

MARLENE ACKliItMAN

MAltY FI'I‘ZI'A'I‘IIICK

NANCY lthllAltlis

I-‘ltANK VE’I‘OMH'

Alt'l‘lllllt I'LO'I‘NIK

ItOIlEIt’I‘ KAMI'F ‘

KEITH YANIJOII r - -

MARY ANN SMILO’I‘TIIAlilil~zlt

JOSEPH SWIEILZOWHKI - ~ A
WILLARD (ilLlJl’I‘TI-l - - - -
All communications should be addressed to till! editor and must be signed Nit“le

will be withheld on requcut. ’l‘lii: H'l‘A’l‘i‘.‘ C(.)l.l.l:‘.(il:l NEWS llhollllicd no rtmlmiinibility
for opinions expressed In its columns or i‘iilllllllllllt'ullllilh, a» such cxlli'cbhlmln do not

necessarily reflect its view.
«can»!

 

 

 

2 STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

In [ifme

Margaret Armstrong, Supervisor
of the Milne Commerce Department.
died Sunday. Although Mrs. Arm-
strong's chief association with the
State College student body was
through the Commerce Department,
she was known and respected by
many at this college.

On behalf of Student Association,
we extend our deepest sympathy to
her family and fellow educators on
the faculty and administration of
State College.

 

 

By ART PALAZZOLO

STRAND

The Spirit of St. Louis with James
Stewart and Patricia Smith. The
story of Charles Lindberg‘s famous
lone flight across the Atlantic. In
CinemaScope and WarnerColor.
PALACE

Walt Disney‘s Cinderella has ev-
erything for the young in heart and
the foolish in mind—including that
tender ballad “Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo."
DELAWARE

The Great Man with Jose Ferrer,
and Julie London. A great radio
and TV announcer dies 9' d it be-
comes Ferrer’s task to dit up ma—
terial for an hour-long tribute to
this well-loved personality, Perhaps
Jose digs too deep for he learns his
subject was really a rat in lamb's
clothing. Highly recommended. Di-
alogue in English with no sub-
titles.
LELAND

Tarzan and the Lost Safari. Hot
news at the Leland! A new Tarzan
comes screaming on the horizon
veiling "Ungawa" at the top of his
silly lungs. Gordon Scott is the new
Tarzan. Remember that name! The
second smash hit is Hot Summer
Night with Leslie Nielsen and Col-
leen Miller. “MGM's Hot Drama of
a Gangland Hideout" 01' Ten Nights
at Cal’s.
MADISON

Westward "0 the Wagons with
Fess Parker and Cathleen Crowley.
A Disney production in Cinema-
Scope and color. A western, by Jim-
miny!
RITZ

Ten Commandments.
prices are still in effect.

PS. Another hot Scoop! For all
you movie haters: all the drive-ins
are now open!

Rectal Rew’ew I

By FRANK VE’I‘OSKY

Ray Conniff

Ray Coniiiff's recent L.P. for Co-
lumbia bears the title '5‘ Wonderful,
and rightfully so. This is. without
any doubt, one of the most refresh-
ing packages ever to arrive on the
disc market. The orchestra leader
has arranged and conducted 12
numbers here in the "Conniii
siylc.“ As you may or may not
know, he is responsible for the very
creative backings of such hit i‘l‘('~
Ol'llS as "Singing The Blues" and
"Just Walking In The Rain." li's
aimizilig how Coiiiiiff lip-tempos
the oldy "I'in An Old Cowhand"
with the most infectious sound you'll
ever hear The other numbers “11‘
handled with equal skill by the
lilill‘h'll‘il.
Iliii'i'v llieliif'ontc

lielei'oii'c shoWs that his calypso
lilii:»ll‘l'\ li.lh ilol decreased one iota
with his new album An Evening
Willi llelafonte. on Vii-ioi' ills first
..lbiiin ('alvpso has recently gone
Ii\l‘l llii‘ oni- million sides mark!
l'.\i‘ll by our |ll'l'hl‘lil‘tlll_\' slaiiiliii'ds.
ihis is an incredible fi-al 'l'lllh new
one will surely do fabulous lllihllli'hs
loo, it's his! that great
Jackie (ileitson

Music For The. Love. llours l‘~.
Jackie (Henson's lilll‘bl effort for
(’apiloi's WIIXWOI‘kh As usual the
M‘li't'llollh icaiui'c lush string ar~
i'angomcnls with trumpet solos by
that versatile ilobby iliii'kell The
music is certainly pleasant lllllifil-
ing, bill (Henson's musical style is
Iil'Vf‘I'llll‘lf’ﬁ‘a monotonoust rcpt-ii—
llOllS. We suggest that you spend
your iiiii'd—eai'nctl iiioolii on sonic-
tliing a bit more original.

‘Special"

 

FRIDAY. APRIL 26. 1957

 

   

ex
A

Gammon-51d”

By FELllMAN and CARBONE

   

“A Good Constitution is infinitely better than the best despot."

VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!

Bl’ the time you read this column, the big rally Will be over. Noni.
it's up to you! The candidates llZlV‘ presented their platforms anii
ideas. Now you decide and vote. You've seen the candidates and you
know who they are. We can't urge you enough to make wise and thoughi
ful decisions. Don’t number your ballot l, 2, 3. etc. without looking .1!
it. Don't vote for a candidate because someone tells you to do so
Weigh the platforms; THINK intelligently; then vote wisely and ii.
an adult frame of mind. Let this election not be another popiilaiiij.
contest. We hear the results of the "new constitution group" are \i'l_\
promising. Supposedly. the new constitution is 95'} complete Ii'.~ .u
new approach to otir government—almost a radical departure from om
present system. It liiis the approval of President Collins and ii is sail:
to be “broad, brief, general, and strong." Ncwness seems to be the pa»
word now. Let‘s back the new form of government with capable l'llll'l»
It's tip to you! Go to it!

Ol'lt OPINION

Music Council’s "Gala Performance" was enthusiastically l‘l‘Ci.‘l\'i‘(l
by a very small. appreciative audience. Another free professional t-vcni
was passed up by our student body who continuously complain aboiii
the high student tax they have to pay. Well, you have to pay ii! So
why not ptit it to good use? The small audience at New Piiltz's llllf
presentation of “She Stoops to Conquer," was another indication that
enthusiasm is lacking somewhere. Again we say that there are loo
many activities around here, judging from the very small crowd iiii~
Cllltllllt’; outsiders) at the DilWll Dance. Surely there couldn't have been
any conflicting events at that llOlil' in the morning!

TESTING TAKES TIME

It seems that quite a few people were confused about who llll‘
"savior" was in last issue‘s question of the week. Here‘s another clue
the "savior" "restirrected' himself by getting 100': on the constitution
test at at second try. Now do you know who it is? If not. crawl bail
in your shell; you‘re out of it, kid!

EXTRA EXCLAMA’I‘IONS

If you haven’t been to the camp yet. you can get an exaggl'l'kili‘ll
look at it, next Saturday night in "Typically Dippikiil," this yinii's
MUD skit.

We liked the clever campaign gimmicks, They must have cow
quite a bit of hard earned vacation money. Couldn‘t there be an misc-i
way than making us take fifteen minutes to wade through the mail
boxes? Campaigning is better than ever.

There's ii facility concert today in Convocation. In case yoii'ic ioi
gotten. that means Page at 10 lllll. We suggest you drop by and w
some of the hidden talcni burst forth from our musically inclined [Hill-

A bit of sincere iid\’l'.'i‘ to all those running for offices, i-spci-iali
the Juniors: Your big day is rapidly approaching. Don‘t biiild up you!
h“I?” LUU lilih. because the sliiiitcring blow of (ii-foal can or iii
emotionally upsetting. l)on'i. plan on winning. Go to the Moving l,
exercises and be relaxed. Then. when your name is called Illll, 
will be Hill'lll'lSI‘d and victorious. “For many are called, but by all
chosen." ‘

Have you noticed“! Florida sun inns, short siet‘Ves, I'llHllHt’llll’l‘
rings. maternity clothes, formal attire. signs of new governmi-iii, ll‘ll“
Juniors, Bermuda shorts. and nice Weather for the forthcoming Nll'l‘
QI‘ES'I‘ION OI" THE WEEK

What‘s the constitution among friends?

College Calendar

I'lllliAi’, APRIL :30

10 00 am, Student (‘oiivocanou li‘iillll'llig l"lii'llll)~r>|1iillriiicil (Mi. 4‘1'

Page liiill.

Voilng ()pi-ns loi School ()liii-iw, Lower Iliapi-i'

lliiihai-hei' ()peii House.

if 00 pm l’:l (lamina Alumnae Social, llil Houih Laki- l\\(‘lllll'

ll Illl'pin Kappa iii-Ila Hlll'lllL' l"fll'lllill. Hliiikei' Itidgi- ('oulill'\ ('llil'

hAllltlHl’, APRIL :57 '

1:! III) pin Voting fol School (lllli-i-s, HliiiIi-iil Union

1 00 pm lit'lil Zola Alumnae luncheon, Jack's (lltyll‘l' lloiise

I-In pin ili'ldtzi- l’iil'ly Ioi Hilllll‘liln .iiid l"lll'llll\'. lil‘lllhlf’lll'l llil'
Loungi- '

d 00 pin Jiinlol‘ ('lllhh lliiiiqui-l, ilcibi-l'l'o

SI'NIIAY. Al'llll. till

ll 00 iliii Kappa licllii l’iciiic, 'l‘liiili'lici‘ l’ai‘k

1:200 piii. Chi Sigma 'l'hclii Pli'llli', 'l‘hiilcher Pink

0.00 pm Voting for School ()Iilci-s, Student Union

MONDAY. APRIL 20

9:00 am Voting for School ()lilcen, Lower Draper

’l‘l‘l'ISiiAY, Al'ltll. ilil

10:00 “.1”. Junior Class lVlt'f'llllg, Draper 111

 

 

ill 0’) p Ill
ll 00 pill

 

**

l Dreamed I Went To Vote

**

 

 

Kappa Delta and Psi

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL

Psi-Gamma, Kappa Delta Slate State Facu

Annual Spring Formal Dances

Gamma sororities will hold

their annual spring weekends tonight, tomorrow, and Sun-

day afternoon. The events
alumnae luncheon, a jazz

of the weekend include an
concert, an informal party,

a picnic, and formal dances.

Kappa Delta

Tonight at the Shaker Ridge
Country Club, Kappa Delta will
hold its spring formal. announces
Margaret Kraiis ‘58, General Chair-
man of the weekend. The dance will

Junior Class
Secures Rings

At Banquet

The Junior class banquet will take
Dl‘dCC tomorrow evening from 6 to
9 pm. at Herbert‘s. announces
Eileen Liilley, Vice—President and
Chairman of the banquet.
(‘haperones Ami Speaker

Dr. Caroline A. Lester of the
Mathematics Department will be
the guest speaker. The chiipcroncs
will be President and Mrs. Collins,
and Mr. and Mrs. Cowley. Mr. Cow-
ley l> a member of the Art. Depart-
ment (ii the college.

Iling (‘eremony

Following the dinner will be a
ring ceremony. President Collins
will present the rings to those at—
tending the banquet. This is the
first year a ceremony has accom-
panied the distribution of class rings.
Its purpose is to bring a little more
dignity to the acquiring of the ring.
This year will be it change from the
previous “tradition” of receiving
your ring in the lower halls of
Draper. The Class of '58 hopes to
start a new tradition by distribut-
ing the rings in a more appropriate
manner.

The Juniors who are not able to
attend the banquet will receive their
rings during the coming week.
(‘ommittees

in charge of arrangements for
the banquet are Mary Shelton and
Lloyd Seymour. Joanne Marro and
Eleanor Landrio are in charge of
tickets. Tickets will still be avail-
able today in Lower Draper. The
price of a. ticket is $1.25.

There will be a class meeting
Tuesday at 10 a.m., in Draper 111
to close the year‘s business and plan
ihc Moving-Up Day Breakfast.

be from 9 pm. until i a.m. Music
will be supplied by The King's Men.

Chaperones for the affair include
John Tibbetts, Associate Professor
of Education, and Mrs. Tibbets;
Mrs. A. B. Carmon. house mother
of Kappa Delta, Violet Larney, As-
sociate Professor of Mathematics,
and Mr. Larney, and Edward Berg.
Assistant Professor of Biology, and
Mrs. Berg.

Informal Party

Tomorrow night there will be an
informal party at Emmy's Brahaus
from 8 pm. until midnight, Sunday
afternoon there will be a picnic at
Thatcher Park from 11 am. until
5 pm.

The heads of the miscellaneous
committees include: Arrangements.
Patricia Burke; Programs, Judith
Stevens; Chaperones, Patricia Du-
inont. Seniors; Bids. Suzanne Rus-
sell '58; and Favors, Leona Peter-
sen '59.

I’si Gamma

Mary Lou Mciser ‘57. President of
Psi Gamma sorority, states the
events of their formal weekend.

There will be a social for alumni
and actives tonight at 8 pin, an—
nounces Phyllis Hurd '57, Chair-
man. Tomorrow, an alumni meeting
preceded by a luncheon for alumni
and actives will be held at the so-
rority house.

Dinner Dance

At 6:30 pm. there will be a din-
ner at the Circle Inn in Latham
which will be followed by the An-
nual Spring Formal which will last
until i am. The Iii—Tones Will sup-
ply the music for the affair. Chair-
man of the event is Judith Ambro-
siiio '58.

Robert Lanni, Associate Professor
of Physics, and Mrs. Lanni; How-
ard Fliei‘l, Associate Professor of
Social Studies, and Mrs. Flierl; Ed-
ward Cooper, Professor of Coni-
merce, and Mrs. Cooper; Mr. and
Mrs. DeWaard. house parents of Psi
Gamma; and Mr. and Mrs. Boerner.
house parents of Beta Zeta, will be
guests at the formal.

Jazz Concert

Sunday there will be a jazz C011-
ccrt featuring Zacharie Clements
‘59 and his band from 3 until 6 pm,
announces Gertrude Wilder '57,
Chairman of the Concert.

M U D Chairman Releases

Annual Day's

Ann Kinsler ‘57. Chairman of
Moving—Up Diiy, announces tho lol—
iowing schedule of traditional
events,

Morning Program

The morning program will com~
Illl‘ilf'f‘ wiili ilic class speakers, The
announccincnis oi awards and file
moving-up of the classes will lol-
low, 'l‘hcn Mvskiiiuii will be lapped.
i‘innoiini-cnicni of fill“ new (lllll'l'h
for school organizations. for llit'
Ionr c'iisscs. and for Student Asso-
i‘llilltlli offices will be next. After
this llil‘ clubﬁf‘s will liil'lll their class
numerals on the campus. The Sen»
llil'h will then plant the ii'adiiional
H) and llli‘ ivy spi-cch will be made.
.‘.i'fernuon and Evening Program

A! 2 pm more will he ll corner—
blillit‘ laying in the Alumni Quad-
rangle From 1! lo 5 pm there Will
be a coffee hour ill ilrubachcr l’llill
.ymllhiil‘t‘fl by Student Union Board.

The Moving-Up Day skit. written
and directed by Richard Feldimin
‘n’l. will he presented in Page at
ll pin. ll‘ollowlllg llic hklt Will he,
the traditional sing on the steps oi
Driipi-r lliill directed by Sheila [as—
for '57, Student Association Song
Leiidoi',

(‘Iass Dress Specifications

Seniors are to Wear cups and
gowns Juniors will Wear the tradi-
lillillll class hills and Will curly
while ciiiics. Jiiliior girls are to

*

Schedule

wear white dresses and while heels;
the men are to wear suits. whiii-
shirts, and llf‘.~._ All Sophomores
arc to wear lil‘.lllll‘.\. White skirls
and green blouses or sweaters will
lil‘ ihc attire for the Women, and
MW men will wear suits. Willlt'
shirts, and lies. Freshman women
arc to wear while dresses, socks.
.lil(l wliiic flats, while the men are
in wear dark trousers and \\'llll('
shii'is.
Hitlt (‘iist

'l'lle lllll‘ (if llll‘ MUI) skil is
"'I‘ypicziily lllppiklii” reports Fcid~
in.in. ’l‘hosc Ill llll' cast include Lois
Johnson ’57. Thomas Wiililiew's '58;
Joseph l"il.\(‘l.;llli. Mnl‘loll Semi-lino.
Kenneth Killll'l, llohi-rl Fox, Rich-
:ii'd lilsnor, Vei'oiiii'ii Davis. Patricia
Alli-in. Sheila l)(‘l)i'll.‘$lll, aiid lionald
t‘horf, Sophomores; l.)av1d Mead,
Bill‘llill'll liesscii. Jane Alexander,
Audrey Hui'd. Roberta lVlllllill'ki‘l.
itochelle ibisenfeld. Charles lliiiii»
rcss, Donald ltierfiirl, Marion Sil—
verstclli. and Margaret Roberts,
freshmen.

(‘ominittee ('hitiriiien

Skit i'illlllilitlt'e includes. Cos-
tumes. Betty King, Choreography,
ltichiii'd li‘eldman, Seniors; l’ro-
iriiins. Brent Pinion; Scenery,
Eileen Lalley, Juniors; Make-up,
Kennth Kiidci; Musical Director.
(ipoi‘ge Harris, Sophomores; and
Lighting Donald Jackson '00,

* Shut Up Philip, And Vote

To Present

The Albany State faculty is spon-
soring a Convocation Concert to-
day, at 10 pm. in Page Hall. Several
classical selections will be presented
at that time.

Dvorak And Kodaly Works Chosen

The main selections chosen are
by the Hungarians Dvorak and Ko-
daly. A great contrast in their mu-
sic is evident. Dvorak was a Nine—
teenth Century romantic composer.
However, Kodaly is a contemporary
artist whose works show much Gypsy
and Magyar influence.

26. 1957

ty, Local Musicians

EDGE 3

Concert in Page Hall

The Dvorak selection, “Terzetto
in C, Opus 74," will be the first
work presented. Following this will
be the dedication, a. German Iieder
by Franz. Next on the program is
“Hear Me! Ye Winds and Waves,"
by Handel. “The Two Grenadier-s,”
by Schumann, which tells of two
French soldiers’ distress upon hear-
ing of the death of Napoleon, is
the next selection. “None But the
Lonely Heart." on art song by
Tschaikowsky, is to follow this. The
Kodaly piece, “Serenade in F, Opus
12." will be the lliiill piece.

 

7/” 0M Mine!

 

By Alt'l‘ PLO'I‘NIK

Elections. Vote. Candidates, Mys-
kie. Student Council. President. Bal-
lot. Politics. Hinck. Albany. Nomin-
ation. Tate. Committees. Fixed.
Preferential. Hate. Kill. Money. De—
cline, Student. Association, Phony.
Senate. Autocracy. Democracy.
Communist. Nazi. Secretary. Girl.
Whiskey. Veep. Returns. Winner.
Idiot. Loser. Lobby. Constitution.
Revise. Election, Vote.

And now the stage is set to write
about the forthcoming elections.
Believe me, it is the hardest thing
imaginable to keep an open mind
when writing about elections. Not
that I really intend to . . . the
Open Mind is the most partisan
column ever conceived. However, I
was instructed not to mention my
favorite candidates in a biased way,
and so I shan't, but for twenty—five
cents and a Myskania key you can
obtain a list of my picks and ii Lone
Ranger secret decoder ring.

This year we have four days to
vote. This is an amazing thing, since
sixty million Americans can vote in
one day. But we must not forget
that ii for greater consequence can
evolve from an Albany State elec-
tion than from ll national. These

Physics Teacher
Receives G rant

Charles 1... Andrews. Professor of
Physics, announces the Advisory
Committee on Grants of the Re-
search Corporation, a non-profit
scientific foundation. hits voted to
support ii (‘Oblllli'd‘lly project of S.
P. Siren, Assistant Professor of
l’ll)'\l(‘h‘, with a Frederick Gardner
(‘olici'i-li research grant of $4.550,

Purpose of (Brunt

The grant will be administered by
the Research Foundation of the
Slate University of New York. it
will be used over a period of two
years for Professor Shell's research
on certain irregularities in cosmic—
‘slioyi'crs" and other closely related
high-energy nuclear phenomena. A
part of the grant will be iised for
pertinent colllpllii'lii and the rest
will be used to engage the services
of assistants and insirumi-niaiioii
inginci-rs.

According to Professor Slit-ii, the
grant (“nine ill ll lliilh‘l. opportune
ilmc, for he is thus able to (‘illi‘_\'
illll certain Investigations during
part of the International Geophysi-
cal Yeiii'. Jilly 1957 to December
infill, when iill astrophysical aspects
of the cosmic radiation will be iui—
dci' systematic scrutiny by scient-
isis all over the globe. Their results
once available. will be Very helpful
in inwrprcting the simultaneous ex~-
Ilk‘l‘lliit‘litb undertaken by this col-
lege. Professor Sheri says that he
expects to begin the preliminary
work here next fall.

are years of turmoil and change,
and an error in school elections can
lead to a broken heart. And every-
one knows that a broken heart is
infinitely more important than the
welfare of any country in the
world. Just ask Stevenson.

If I were forced to suggest a
man for President of the school, I
believe I would recommend the
young and handsome gentleman so
prominent in the news last week,
Mr. Thomas Higgins, the murderer
of a few young ladies. There's a
man who can't be swayed! 01
course now he probably will be
swayed~-—by a rope hanging from a
tree. or if not that, he'll get the
fourteenth seat on Myskania—the
hot-seat. It‘s always the talented
guys that get it in the end.

Vote, vote, vote. It's fun and easy
to do. Now you can vote and eat
all you want at the same time. No
gruelling exercises, iio starvation.
no harmful drugs or narcotics. The
vote you cost may be your own.
Vote, and the world votes against
you. To err is human; to vote, div-
inc. Voting is a slander to advant-
age dressed, What oft was thought,
but ne‘er so well expressed.

When your candidate wins, be
sure to check the tote board. Re—
member, if you beat him across the
board you get win, place, and show
money. Be smart. Bet the favorite
to place and you can't lose. There
are only two horses~~I mean, can-
(iidiitcs

The instruments to be represented
at the concert are two violins, a
viola, a bass-baritone and a piano.

Faculty And Local
Musicians To Play

One violin will be played by Mr.
Edward Ricewho is Concert Master
for the Albany Symphony and a
soloist on radio station WGY. Mr.
Fred Grabiade. who is also a mem-
ber of the Albany Symphony will
play the other violin. The viola will
be played by Dr. Charles Stokes,
Chairman of the Music Department,
and member of the Albany Sym-
phony. His wife, Margaret Ander-
son Stokes will play the piano. The
bass-baritone will be played by Mr.
Karl A. E. Peterson, Associate Pro-
fessor of Music.

Music Council News

This entire program is being pre-
sented under the auspices of the
Music Council. Music Council's next
presentation will be the Spring Con-
cert, May 10, in Page Hall. Vocal
groups as well as the orchestra will
participate.

Chairman Slates
Organizational
Head Meeting

There will be a compulsory meet-
Ing of all organizational heads or
their representatives. Tuesday at 4
pm. in Draper 349 at which time
the revised procedures and rules
for next year's calendar will be
distributed and explained, an-
nounces Suzanne Lieberman ‘58,
Chairman of Social Calendar. Any
organization which did not receive
a notice should contact Miss Lieber-
man vla Student Mail by Monday
at 5 pm.

Better Send A Representative

If organizations deserving dates
on the weekend calendar do not
send a representative, that group
will not be given dates on the cal-
endar.

As it result of ti reorganization of
the calendar in order to facilitate
more effective and balanced week-
ends, the Social Calendar is being
begun prior to Moving-Up Day. Any
problems arising from this arrange-
ment will be discussed at Tuesday's
meeting.

Harriman Signs Measures
Increasing Education Aid

on Monday, Governor Harriman
.iilixcd his signature to a number
of measures which are designed to
increase state aid to college students.

lncreasc in State Scholitishlps

One l)ll will increase the ntumbcr
of slate-awarded scholarships next
year by almost half. The hike will
be from the present amount 3,388
to 4,000 scholarships. Larger limin-
('llll awards will be awarded to stu—
dents who need more money.

Income Tax Exemption Doubled

Another bill will double the spec-
lii! $400 sititc llil‘fllllf' tax exemption
that parents are allowed for each
child chi' ill years of age who at—
ii-nds col‘cgc full time.

Number Of Awards To Increase

The scholarship measure, iilter
raising the totiil number next year,
will maintain the number awarded
each year thereafter at 5% of the
state's high school graduating class.

This means the cost of the program
will be boosted from $6,600,000 ll.
year to $13,000,000 annually by Will.

Apportionetl According To Number

The principal differences are in
the manner in winch the scholar-
ships were apportioned on till assem—
bly—district basis. The new manner
of distribution beginning with 1957
will divide them among the state‘s
02 counties in proportion to the
number of high school graduates in
each. 'l‘hercforc students in each
county \viil compete among them—
hl‘lVi‘s

Under the new law nursing schol-
arships will range from $200 to $500
It yeiii', regular scholarships from
$250 to $700, engineering from $300
to $050 and lllNllt‘lll-(lelltill from
$350 to $1,000.

Scholarship winners will receive
the. maximum award, reduced by
$1.00 for every dollar of their fum-
ily's not taxable income over $1,000.
None will receive less than the
minimum.

**

 

