 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

Write Us . . .

Ever feel so pent up that you wanted to scream? We
felt that way earlier this week when we walked into our
ﬁlthy Commons, the probable home of the ﬂu bug. Mind
you, we didn’t want to scream because our Commons is
ﬁlthy. It was what we heard in the Commons, and what
we have been hearing in the Commons for the last three
years. For a bunch of college students, we have a lousy
attitude toward this school. Everyone always has some-
thing negative to say about State; everyone rarely has
something positive or constructive to say.

The editorship of this paper is a rough job. We realize
that in a majority of the student body there just isn’t any
interest in what’s going on in this college, in this state,
or in this world, if we may go that far.

We need a good look at ourselves—at the attitude of
this student body. A professor has complained: “For a
bunch of college students, you’re too conservative.” A
frosh at Sayles told us recently that he‘s leaving, come the
end of this semester. Why? “There’s too little college spirit
here.” We somehow were unable to disagree with him.

Looking through the bound issues of this newspaper,
we were inclined to agree with him, and with the professor.
As a college, we’re a bunch of sticks-in-the-mud. There is
no unity in our student body. We seldom get a chance to
talk to our faculty members as they really are—as people.

What’s the solution? We don’t know, to be frank.
Maybe we need an All-College event. We don’t mean some-
thing like the Revue, or the President’s Reception. We need
something at which everyone, faculty and students, can
really let their hair down. We need much more personal
contact with our faculty. We need the spirit of a student
body. Any suggestions? Write us, we’ll print them. . . .

So What . ..

In 1955 Student Association appropriated $510 to
Outing Club, a newly formed organization, for the pur-
chase of ﬁfteen English bicycles. Three years have elapsed
since then, and what is the situation today? Just this——
one bike has been stolen, one bike has been smashed by
a student, and nine others have been so badly damaged
that they are unable to be used this fall.

Shrug your shoulders and say so what? So—we per—
sonally are sick and tired of having our money squandered
by the foolish carelessness of the students of Albany State.
We are tired of having to dig into our pockets to pay need-
less repair bills——bilis which certainly could have been
avoided if a few individuals would remember the simple
rules of responsible use. Furthermore, we are disgusted
by the ineffectiveness of the present check out systems
employed by the various organizations owning equipment
which individual students can use at their leisure. The
fact that equipment has been and can be at the present
moment borrowed and never returned without a single
repercussion shouts out the deficiencies present in these
systems. We are nauseated by the empty promises of more
efﬁcient organization in the future. We have heard this
story too many times in the past. We want action and
we demand it now.

We are similarly fed up with the total lack of respon-
sibility exhibited by the supposedly mature students of
Albany State. Has it come to the point when equipment
must be refused to the students who paid for it because
common sense and discretion are missing in their actions?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

BY THE CLASS OF l915

 

First Plaoti CSPA Second Place ACP
VOL. XLII

Members 0! Lin: NEWS hlull may in: moi-lied. Monrhi, uni Wednesday from ’l to

()31LliL‘i' l8, l‘in'l Ni). lli

1i p in and ’l'uenday from I! lo 0 p in ill 153320, l‘IXl 1! Phones lii‘lllliifl' ii-tiiiiii
Burek 2-9870. Hitchcock 2 7030, Kiiinph 3! 0870

The underxrnduute newspaper of the iii-w volt. nun.- (.‘oiivi;i- ioi- 'l'tsuclicl'b,
published every t'riday of the College your ii, on; Ni-.Wi-i isiiaiii for the modem

Association

until Da'r'rmrn
Josuru SZWK

ANN m'rcucoon
mm” AeKnnMAN
IAEY rl'rzru‘nwx
Arturo: noer
noun? In!" —
ounce moms
riio'roniui'n v

(Jo Lditlif-ill'ciliti

» (Jo-lnlitiir-in-Chlei

Huston.» Advertising Editor

- Associate Editor

Associate Editor

Feature Editor

- - Sports Editor

(lrculnttunJim-fungi! Editor

State College Photo Service.

A” wnlmumwtmm would be .d/jwsscd to the editor and must he signed Name:

Will be Withheld on request. The b‘TA'lZ COLLEGE NEWS osnuiiics no responsibility

[or opinionii expruwd in its coiuiiina or communications, as such “premium do “or
ﬂy "ﬂoat 1“ NOV”.

 

«a»!

 

 

l— KW Kw“ l

By ART PALAZZOLO

STRAND

The Joker 15 Wild with Frank
Sinatra, Mitzi Gaynor, Jeanne
Grain and Eddie Albert. "singing
his heart out in song after song—
slamming them home in the great-
est performance of his stunning ca-
reer—portraying the heart of the
man behind the entertainer's grease-
paint." Well, that may be what the
ads tell us. but actually the movie
falls far short of its :pre-release
ballyhoo. Another movie bathed in
spirits—and not the heavenly kind
either! Frank's portrayal of an al-
coho‘ic comedian leaves much to be
desired. Also showing is The Colditz
Story with Eric Portman and John
Mills. An English import which
would justify sitting through the
main feature to see, A gripping and
often times hilarious account of a
group of POW's thrown together in
one prison and their attempts to

escape. Good entertainment ani
highly recommended.

PALACE

Portland Empose. “The picture

they tried to stop! See it and gasp!
The picture that couldn‘t be shown
in Portland, but they cant stop it
here!" Oh no??? “The most shock-
ing story a teenage girl ever re-
vealed! . . . It could happen in any
town when vice and corruption get
the upper hand! (Yea, but not in
Albany, boy!) Also showing is that
bigger—titan-life-dud Sal Miiieo in
Dino. "Exploding like a rocket in
the role of his life!" (Anyone for
Thatcher Park??i

LELAND

The l‘irothers Rico, starring Rich—
ard Conte, Dianne Foster and Cath-
rrine Grant. “Manhunt of the cen~
tury! The second first-run thriller
is Town on Trial with John Mills,
Cltarles Coburn and Barbara Bates.

RITZ

The Black Scorpion. "Shown un-
cut! All its horror complete! Scream
all you want—it's good 101‘ you!"
A so showing for those who are still
unconvinced that James Dean is
dead, they‘re co—featuring The
James Dean Story.

emanunicaﬁamt

To the Editors:
lte: Common-Stator

In reference to your comment cn-
iitlcd "Debate?" in the News of Cc‘
i'i!.cr ll, I believe a few facts
should be called to your attention.

For your information, the Rival-
ry Committee saw the topic on Sep-
tember 22 and approved it. ’lh.s
111.jii'OVdI included the “coded for-
eign languages." This iippi'o.u was
iiiiide by a committee that knew it
wouldn't be easy for the finish.
chks later on October 3, the com—
mittee met again and (lt‘l'ldt'tl the
li'i):ll couldn‘t do what was expict-
ed of than. Thc Sophomore clus;
wini. along with the committee. We
\tl'l'l‘ afraid the irosh wouldn't i,‘\Cll
inriii-ipiitc in the debate.

'l'.ic committee wanted to givc the
iio..li ilic foreign Words instead oi
l..c r-ogicd ones. This the B‘oplis did.
Part of the committee didn't ih.nk
this was enough so we gave them ii
list of the languages. If this is
"snowing" the frosh, I can't see it.
As it stands now, the frosh have the
tori-ign words, and the languages.
1 iilil sorry, but we refuse to give
them the topic in English, even if
it would be more ‘spoi‘tiiig” because
it's traditional that the topic re-
quires translation.

As for the IBM cards, it should
ic ’ltilllttﬁd out that it. took the frosh
iiiizi' li..ui's to translate the puiiclicd
holes into foreign Words.

My. your COHllllt'lll. was interest-
mg in be scrutinized, but it's not
\ci'y accurate. Writing Without it]
the ill 'ts shows one way to make up
for onc’s deficiencies!

Frank Krivo ‘00

 

 

To the Editors:

A big job always needs a lot of
people working on it if it is to be
carried out successfully. lloincconi-
ing Weekend is ll big job; ihnnks
for whatever success it had this year
no to many people. I would like to
lilki‘ this opportunity to thank them
publicly.

For building the bonfire on Fri-
(Continued on Page .3, Column 1/

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 13. 1957

 

“One? Hell!

I joined ’em all!"

 

   
 

  

“We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while
others judge us by what we have already done."—Longfellow

WHERE OH WHERE;

As much as we hate post mortems, we feel there's one in order this
week. Even though Homecoming Weekend was led by the most capable
people possible, the facilities of the city failed to provide us with a
place large enough for the dance. (Of course, it could be because more
alums came back than were expected.) The parade which could've really
been a good start to the fast, furious, but disappointing soccer game
was typical of some State functions—mixed up! Now that we‘ve had
our say, we'd like to add—it was fun anyway. huh?

FOR HOW LONG????
We hear there's been gm investigation of Press Bureau. Glory be—
it's operating—finally! !!

TO BE OR NOT TO BE‘.‘

If it's a tradition for the fresh to receive warnings, just why aren't
they getting them? Senate set up the Traditions Committee to take
care of the warnings, but somebody—somewhere—goofedl There are
some freshmen who are supposed to have received six or seven warnings.
but have actually only received two. What's the matter?? is there some
new fear of elimination which is overwhelming everyone? Maybe the
ones who are getting the warnings aren't the real leaders, anyhow.
Only time will tell.

ONCE MORE AND THEN SOME

' Well, we‘re trying again. At least we‘ve got some. candidates this

time. From all reports it will be Dukene Zervas for number thirteen.
Who's Who???????????????? Just remember the criteria. THIMK!!!

APATHY?

Four score and seven years ago, ye olde State halls vibrated with
Activrties Day festivities—all in one day. Today, three evenings at Bru—
haif the turnout. What's wrong, we‘d like to know???

SO STAY HOME!

Too bad, girls—RPI men didn't shoo the flu. It's just as well, maybe
our school won't be quarantined. Besides—«now you can go to the State
soccer game—instead of a big deal football game.

PHILAN’I‘HROI’Y

Here's your chalice to help someone in this world who needs the
breaks we take for grant/ed. So far. Campus Chest has progressed very
welle—thanks to the great work of the two co-chiiirmen. Maybe the
dorms could get busy and help meet the quota. Individual contributions
we also quite neceptablc.

Lets' go!!!

QUESTION OF THE WEEK?
What]! you have»
vaccine
or
flu?????

 

 

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER It!

1:00 pin. Vi-tcruns' Society Mccting, l) 304.
Junior Class Meeting, Draper Ill
l"l'()Sll—H()|)ii Debate, Page Hall.
3:00 [)Jii. Vcici'uns' Coilcc Hour at Ycui‘s
8:00 pin Aciiiiiics Wei-k Skit, Page; Sunki- fiance. lionhrc and Sing.

SA'l'llltliA Y, (H "l'()i$l‘llf 10

9:00 uni. linnlry Soccer and FOULlJiill (LUNCH.
2:00 |).lil. "Love Me or Leave Me,” U 349.
7:00 [)Jli. "Low Me or Leave Me," i) 340.

SUNDAY, ()("l'OISEIt 20

6:00 pin. Lutheran Student. Association Supper, b‘i. Joliii’H iiilllltﬁi'tlll
Meeting House, 160 Central Avenue.
7:“; pin. Wesiiiiinstcr Fellowship joins Lutheran Student Association

Meeting.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20

8:30 pm. Gamma Kappa Phi Coffee Hour for Alpha Pi Alpha.
8:30 pm. Kappa Delta Coffee Hour for Kappa Bent.
THURSDAY. ()C’I‘Oiib‘lt 24

7:30 p.in. English Evening, 1) 349.

SUNDAY, OCTOBER .27

7:00 pin. state College News Board Meeting, Brubaclicr.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NIWI.

 

74a @fzen Mimi

 

By ART PLOTNIK

The other day I went to a news-
stand to pick up a copy of the
magazine “Escapade.” The magazine
had stolen a short story I wrote.
and I was curious as to whether or
not they would publish it. “I'm
sorry,” said the proprietor, "but
‘Escapade’ was banned with the
rest of the magazines of that type."

"What on earth are you talking
about?" I asked, rather innocently.

“Albany banned all them mags,"
he said, "all those with girlie photos."

I looked at him disgustcdly. as
though he himself had banned
them, picked up a “New Yorker,"
and left the stand. But on the
way home, as my mind followed a
certain chain of thoughts. I began
to laugh . . . more like u madman
than an amused youth.

The cause of my laughter was so
absurd. yet so pathetic, that I de-
cided to share my thoughts with my
readers. . . .

“Escapade” and the magazines of
that class are racy, but quality pub—
lications. “Playboy” is the most
famous of this class. They are mags
much like "Esquire"  perhaps a
shade under its standard of sophis—
tication. They have an invaluabe

 

communicam

ICoiiIiiiiicd from Page !, Column 2/
day night and for cleaning up after
it, I would like to thank Herb Wal-
thcrs and Ronald Short. For as-
suming reponsibiiity for the jazz
concert 0i Sunday, I won d like to
thank Music Council. Here. thanks
to also to Zach Clements, who
trought his band over for a nom-
inal fee so that we could have a
jazz concert to round out the week-
(IlCl.

Then there is a huge group of
people who deserve a lot of grati—
iudc: the people who expended much
'inie, effort, and money to lli‘OVlEl:
a Homecoming Parade that State
College cculd really be proud of.
The floats were good!

Finally, thanks to everyone who
was a participant or ii spectator
during the weekend. Thanks to both
types. I think the alumni rca iy en—
joyed their wee;end!

Winnie Youngs '50

L. G. BALFOUR

Fraternity Jewelry
Badges, Steins, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, Programs

Club Pins, Keys

Medals, Trophies
l'NlVEltSl'l‘Y no. moo.

 

 

171 Marshall Ht.
(lit 5—7037

Carl Sorcnson, Mgr.

 

 

(let in on
the Activity
at the
SNACK
BAR

function of bringing high quality
literature to an audience that or-
dinarily would not encounter it, and
a. no less valuable function of sup-
plying a market for new, talented
writers.

And now, the absurdity. Albany
has banned these harmless and
valuable magazines because of a
few semi—nude females scattered
lightly among their p ensure-packed
pages.

Good old hypocritical Albany!
Good old filthy, corrupt. two-faced.
iottcn. narrow - minded Albany!
Hooray for the lcusv aiii~.iialistic
cops! Hooray for the lice of graft
in the Capitol! Hooray for the bar—
bershop bookies! Hooray for Hed-
rick‘s salty polluted beer! Hooray
for Green Street! Hooray for Don-
gan Street! Hooray for the after-
hour dives! Hooray for the grubby
Albany hoods!

 

  

FRIDAY. OCTOIII 1.. 1957

PAGE 8

“9,: gm“ 4W Distributive Education Group
Announces Plans For Year

14W”

A freshman girl ran screaming
into the Union. “I've seen it!
I‘ve seen it!" The sedate upper-
classmen sitting in their corner
table stopped sipping their vod-
ka ‘n orange long enough to run
over and ask her what she had
had seen.

The youthful lass was near
hysteria now. “Minerva. Miner-
va,” she whispered. What was
wrong with her? Had she caught
Asian flu—which comes from
abroad by the way. or had she
received her four week marks?

We offered her a whiff of a
Pall Mail, the cigarette you can
light at both ends, and she told
us this: “Minerva’s face. I saw
it! Against all rules of tradition,
I sneaked into the rotunda, lit
a match, illid looked at her face.
()h, it was horrible. Minerva‘s a.
Sophomore!"

 

 
  

Live Modern! Here’s News...

U. S. Pate nt Award ed To
The fill! Miracle

33.1w:

  

Get full exciting flavor

The Distributive Education Club
has planned a varied and education-
a-l program of activities for the 1957-
58 college year, announces Ferd—
inand Leuffen ’58, President of the
club.

First on their educational program
is their visit to Bresse's Department

Vets Schedule
Meeting, Social

Pat Cahill ’58, President of the
Veteran's Society, announces that a
meeting will be held in Draper 304
this afternoon at one p.m.

Buck Social

The purpose of this meeting is to
finish plans for the Buck Social.
scheduled for November 22, and a
proposed Vet's Date Party. Trans-
iers and freshman vets are invited.

Correspondence for the Vets
should be sent to A! Van Derzee ‘58,
newly appointed Social Chairman.

  
   
   
 
  

& g? .

m

m:

Tp

i
“This is it! Pure White Inside a
.. Pure White Outside for "

' sc'stb‘ﬁﬁ

   
    
    
  

 
  

plus the patented Miracle Tip

You get with each I.&M cigarette
the in“ exciting i'lnvor oi' the
Houihland’s finest tobaccos.

You get the patented Miracle 'l‘ip
. . . pure white inside, pure white
outside us a filter should be for

Store, Oneonta on Wednesday. This
will include a brief morning session,
luncheon in the store restaurant as
guests of Bresse’s, a tour of the
store, and a ﬁnal discussion on the
organization and operation policies
of the store.
Tour Plant

A tour of the Tobin Packing Com-
pany is planned for November 5.
The tour will include a visit to the
processing, packaging, and shipping
department of the company.

On the agenda for December 3 is
the tour of Albany Felt 00., one of
the leading commercial felt pro-
ducers in the world.

During the week of March 3, the
annual Merchandising Clinic will be
held in cooperation with the Retail
Merchants Bureau of the Albany
Chamber of Commerce.

On April 23, the Club will pay a
visit to the national ofﬁce of J. C.
Penny Co. of New York City.

In the social aspect. the Club will
have its annual Halloween Party
October 30, at Brubaicher Hall.

  

Cleaner, Better

 

 

Your assurance of
the Southland's finest tohaccos

Evory package of LivM's ever
manufactured llns carried this
promise: “A blend of premium
quality tohiiccos including special
aromatic types."

 

cliuincr, licttcr smoking. The put—
cni on the Miracle 'l‘ip protects
1462M 's ('Xt'lUis‘lVlt filtering process.
[.62 M smokes cleaner, draws
easier, tastes richer.

Live Modem...Smoke L‘M!

BUY ’EM BY THE BOX 0R PACK

            

Handy Packs (King and Reg.)

g Crush—Proof Box (Costs no more)

 

 

 

 

 

