 

 

 

«"h’.

   

 

 

  
 

"You either got faith or you got non-belief.

tlrere aln't no neutral ground. "
—— Bob Dylan, 1979

Ike David Bowie. Bob Dylan is an ant-
biguous concept. He stands still long
enough to record an album or two and
he moves on. Stylisticly. he has gone from
country to social protest to rhythm and blues
to country and blues to urban blues to blues to
rock to jazz to electric rock. and now. to
gospel. His voice can grate like "sand and
glue" or II can glide with precisioned grace.
Dylan's craftsman. a musical magician wiro's
appeared and disappeared out of puffs of
smoke.

Stuart Matranga

His messages that he conveys in one pirase
are often contradictory to a previous phase.
Sometimes he's highly synrbolic as in “Captain
Ahab." or "The Ballad of a Thin Man."
Sometimes he's allegorical as in "lsis." or even
"Tangled Up in Blue." He's direct and self-
confessional in "Sara" and "Changing of the
Guard." Sometimes he's cynical. sometimes
he's romantic. You can call him bitter. sar~
castic. prodding. joking. faking. sympathetic.

 

 

 

onday April 28 was a chilly. rainy. and
interesting evening. 1 had intended to
have an enjoyable night seeing Mr.
Dylan In concert. What i got was harassment.
Gospel hype. and finally Bob

  
  
  
    
 
 

 

Matthew Grode

 

 
  

l arrived at the Palace ’i'heater equipped
with my 35mm camera at six o'clock. two full

 

 

  
 
  
    
  
 
 
  
 
  
     
   

hours before showtime. My mission: to meet
the prophet, or is it profit (at $15.50 a ticket. i
wasn't sure).

Alter about an hour the band arrived, but
the big guy had yet to show. Every ten
minutes. the Hitler youth. or rather the Palace
Security, would peek out the stage door to
check out the growing mob. a rrrob made up
of six persons; two girls. two tlruggtes. myself
and a companion. During one of these brief
appearances‘l learned that there was "no way
In hell" that my camera was going into the
theater. l was truly dismayed but still determirr
ed to snap some shots of the great one.

As his car pulled up the street (North Pearl)
one of the Titan brutes (Palace Security) in-
formed me that If l dared to shoot a picture of
Dylan. he Would "Rip the fuckin’ film out of
my camera." is this against the law? Still a bet-

pitiful. sorry. or idealistic. You can call him
Zimmy. but there's one thing yon can't do and
that's believe him.

The best way to approach Dylanis on the
neutral ground. which he claims doesn't exist
because it is there. on the narrow field bet-
ween faitir and non-\belief. that one en—
counters the Truth of the Self. in his heart of
hearts. Dylan doesn't want that. That's why
he's constantly changing. picking up one
philosophy then bringing it to a new-found
mode of expression and creating for himself
the illusion of belief. Dylan is an illusion. He's
not some wise prophet who has all the
answers and occasionally. when he feels like
it. leaks out a few cryptic clues in his lyrics.
Rather. he's as confused and frustrated as any
of us about his role in the Universe. Because
he's groping In the darkness for some sort of
truth to cling to be it demonic or divine. i have
faith In him. i have faith in him because he's a
human being with problems who has the guts
to realize that life is an uncertain thing at best.
and no truth can remain true very long. So. i
drrn't believe any of Dylan's messages are
anything more than temporary points of
reference. Yet i have faith that he believes in
wlralever his current inspiration of truth hap-
pens to be. l'm on the neutral ground with
Bobby.

Shelter From The Storm

ter question: why is Dylan afraid to get close to
his audience? Is he afraid that his face will
crack my lens. or will i Sell my photos of irirrr
and earn huge sums of money? This man is

preaching the word of Jesus. Why doesn't he 
practice what he preaches? There is no nren- .

tion In the Bible of Jesus ever running fronr'his
people!

Dylan's cat arrives and out pops Billy
Graham? No. it's Bob Dylan at a distance of
about six feet (l dared get no closer for fear
that one of Dylan's Apostles. The Palace
Security. Would strike rrre down for this act of
irybris). There he was. the man who influenc-
ed the Beatles and the music industry in
general. tlral fifteen year veteran of music! 1 its
reaction to us. his six lnitirfdi fans ~~ not even
a nod. Arr he walked by us, he slowed iris pace
slightly. looked in our direction. and con-
ilnued walking, ignoring our shouts of en-
couragerrrent.

Now It was my turn to make a grand err-
trance into the Theater. My companion and i
decided that we should surrender my camera
without a struggle. But his camera, a telephoto
pocket camera. was quickly hidden In his
genital area. and In we went.

We took our seats. the lights dinrmed. and '
figure took the stage. As the lights went up i
could clearly see that this was not Dylan. it

._ at ..'.

.r. 4;.

Sound & Vision ' ‘

~. Aspects

 

~ _ * He Acts.

became religious. or because he gave up 7

the old songs. but because he gave up the
old attitude — an attitude which may no
longer do anything for him. but used to do
wonders for me.

Onincy Nessig

You see. Dylan used to be religious In a
very different way. He Worshipped love. his
women. and placed his faith In the sun rising
and watching the moon on a night like this
He'd cross the lights against him for love; he'd
turn back home for lsIs. or Sara. and religious-
ly. he paraded through the twentieth century
world with the guidelines of his poetry and the
law of love on his own terms. Dylan's old
religion was all on his own terms. and on no
book's or savior's. He created his own set of

I wasn't the least bit upset because Dylan

 

Dylan's latest phase is Christ-consciousness
and this has created controversy because.
though everyone loves Jesus Christ Superstar.
not many are Willing to believe that their
perception of what Dylanis can ever really be
born again into Christianity. the most
common-place and. therefore. least cool of all
religions.

l'm not sure if Dylan really has been born
again or it this Is lust another role which he
plays so enthusiastically that me makes himself

. believe it. During the show last Sunday night
he looked unsure. doubting. But then i. too.
am subject to self-delusion. l wondered If the
whole act with the gospel singers and the
Damnation spell was really a comment on
Christianity and American ethics. But i
dismissed this because i do have that faith.
based on my heart, that Dylan does believe
he's following Jesus. No faith. as Dylan
knows. is unshakeable.

if Dylan didn't believe in Christian belief he
would be a hypocrite. Some believe this.
(During the show Dylan warned against the
teachings of "organized religions." Believing in
Jesus and doubting the Church are not
mutually exclusive.) But anyone Who can
make a two thousand year old message sound
new and refreshing must believe in it. This is
my faith In Dylan and this is what makes Dylan

 

   
    

    

I :~ .. r 
staﬁiiiu

.
was a charming gospel singer. telling “5 of her
troubles on a train. and how Jesus had helped
lter and all now was fine. This woman was
joined by five others and the theater was )um-
ping. in fact. i found myself Praising the Lord.
Where was Dylan? i paid a hefty $15.50 for

rules. broke standard ones it It was right for
him. and. coincidentally. enlightened genera-
tions who heard him and related.

But as i said earlier. i have nothing against
Dylan’s conversion. i only seek the reasons
why a man would discard it past for a
philosophically different present. and why
with such venom. So even though i still loved
the music. and the lyrics. and his voice. and
seeing him. liust couldn't relate to something
like this: "I ain't going to hell [or nobody."
Even though Dylan was always rather selfish
and never would before. there was always the
feeling that for the right woman. ire certainly
might. That blanket statement contradicted
something totally opposite he once sung.
something that used to make Dylan a god
himself. Jesus' brother. not slave,

For wasn't it Dylan himself who actually had
to go to hell for lsis and Would do it once

'I'hell‘eutral Ground

a pathetic hero. He has nothing. He is lonely
and empty until he finds sometiring. in this
case Christianity. which can inspire him. His
inspiration had been his love for his wife, Sara.
or the plight of Hurricane Carter. it had been
the corruption of society and moral principle.
it had been adolescent insecurity. it had been
the counter-culture and the beats. Now It is
Jesus Christ. Maybe this too shall pass; a tem-
porary way-station until he falls In love again.
But maybe he's in love now. As he said in
concert. “Well, if you need a lover. Jesus will
do that. too.” i don't know and that's the
point. Dylan doesn't want us to know. not for
sure. because he doesn't. nobody does. not
even Christ knew until the end.

Perhaps Dylan and Jesus are a perfect pair.
Both were made into prophets against their
will. Both were. at times. ridiculed and praised
by their societies. Both were mysterious
figures of ambiguous Intent, Both inspired
faith in man — that without knowing. man
could belieVe in an unknown force. the force
that attracted all men. that guided their lives.
while keeping them' In the dark.

Dylan is experimenting with life. Maybe he's
found a solution. Maybe not. He thought ire
had found it before. but he didn't. To those
who shut him out because they won't believe
in him ~— "Wherr you gonna wake up?" .

my ticket to see “An iivttrring With Bob
Dylan." if the ticket said an evening with six
gospel singers i would not have felt deceived.
though fifteen dollars Is a bit much to put in a
passing dish.

Finally Dylan walks on stage. He Is clad In

 
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
   
  
  

 
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  

religions." he yelled. Was he giving up his
' religious kick? No such luck. He went on to

on“-m-mau

 

w¢-u~a

more. gladly. to wed her again? And wasn't
Dylan once great Just because of the fact that
In his system of love. going to hell for so-
meone would be like them asking you to go to
the corner market?

in the old days. Dylan couldn't really be
thered with religion. or any constraints. it
as existence on a shoe-string. surviving on
images of love that were more human than
i uman. tales of far away places. and stories as
eat as Bill Shakespeare's. When the new
ylan says “I don‘t want to miss nobody. don't
ant to be missed." i Just can't buy it without
t least a sharp pain resounding through my
' dy.
Wasn't l the guy that sent Dylan a thank-
ou telegram when he showed us how to miss
meone with grace in "if You See Her Say
ello;" a guy that worshipped Dylan because
V e realized how great missing someone and
elng missed is; a guy that related to Robert

       

.t 

v r ' I
ell. there's no doubt about it. Dylan's
been re-born. Last Sunday's show at
the Palace Theatre featured a re-
talized. re-energized Bob Dylan. sounding

tter than in any live performances he's given
‘5: the last five ears.

-.- r J -

 oh 0 Brran

>‘.'.'Sitting. standing. clapping. and chanting —-
; I ust shy of full-capacity crowd listened with
Vmble patience while five gospel singers
rmed things up. After five or six inspired

ngs. He entered. wearing a thin black
'ther jacket. a white shirt. looking like a

-' il-I

 

‘  (l) between the post-Nashville skyline

‘ oner and tire pro-Rolling Thunder Revue

» N
I 'I’OOPGI'S

"ck and opens with “Serve Somebody." He
iéunded quite good. The only breaks in the
"taste were when Bobby began preaching.
'Don't believe any of them organized

 

Say that Jesus is what counts: “When you
finish taking your drugs. and drinking your il-
quor. and you've had all the girls you could
handle. Jesus will still be there!" Praise the
Lord.

If the old proverb “Music soothes the savage
beast" is true, then Dylan logically would have
started singing. He didn't. He offered the air
dience a choice: "Which one of these women
would you like to hear sing?" The audience
responded "Bob Dylan." One of the sirens
took the stage. Dylan left. and the audience
went to the bathroom.

Mr. Zimmerman finally returned. lie sang a
few more gospel oriented songs and said
goodnight. He did return for twa one-song en-
cores and then came the flrral goodnight.

Over all the mtrslc was good and Dylan
sounded in top forrrr. The only thing that was

egative about the evening was the absence of
i_l old songs. lrerrlire that the commercials for
r a concert advertised a new linb Dylan. btrt

"Robert
Like We Never Met 

 

J

 

Zimmerman because eVerythlng the guy said
turned to gold in my heart and forced me to
do more than agree. it forced me to believe?

l'm a sinner and i love it. i used to love
Dylan because for him. sinnlng and loving and
ignoring all rules. wirether religious or other-
wise. was a way of life.

What the hell happened?

it's funny. The last song on side twu of
Desire is "Sara." it's a direct love song. it's
Bob's ode to his wife. the woman whom he
married. The man wrote all that stuff about
iove's Womanly perfection and what he found.
i never realized the utter importance of Sara
before. but maybe Bob didn't either.

Well. ever since that Desire album. and
"Sara." Dylan has been suffering. HIS wife l8ft
him suddenly after its release. and after the
praise in "Sara." one's got to say that either
Dylan was severely deluded or suffered some
terrible blow in his relationship after writing It.

crusader — a little chubby in the face and
needing a shave. Whatever your religious per-
strasion. "Serve Somebody." "When You
Gonna Wake Up." and "1 Believe in You" got
the place rockin' and reflectirr'. Two new
songs followed, lilting to the effect that Mr.
Dylan was going to Hell for No one ("Not
brother. not sister. not father. not motlter")
because He'd been “down that road before."

i thought i detected a tear in Zimmy's face
during "i believe in You” and tears must've
been flowing for the legion of Jesus en-
thusiasts in the audience who waved their
arms back and forth with palms up In divine
ecstasy. Though the thin man performed none
of his older material — only songs from Slow
Train Corning arid a forthcoming album — It
must've been heaven for the old hippies in the
audience who were reborn years ago. maybe
in the early 705 after a ripsoff or a bummer on
bad acid or something. "At last. He's seen the
light. too. i knew ire Would." they miglrt've
said. remembering when they themselves
traded in their denim and long. dirty tresses for
Christ's No-iault salvation plan.

“l'd like to say Hello to some old friends
front Woodstock ~— does It still exist?" tntoned
Dylan with one of his hazy and unsettling
smiles. He looked almost drunk, but we knew
better. His voice was superb and it broke in all
the. rlglrt places. Tire band was hot and en-
thusiastic. featuring on bass Tim Drummond.
noted for his work with Neil Young. and Jim
Keltner of BangIa—Desh fame on drums.

“eren Jestrs walked into Jerusalem . . .
they all broke branches all the trees. proclaim-
Itrg him their King." Dylan preached, atrd his
mouth and eyebrows contorted into a
"Mark-my-words" kind of countenance. "the
same people crucified him — so, you never
know."

You never know. indeed. What did Dylan
mean by that parable? Was it an analogy to his
own once-faithful llan'r' Dylan has been an
unstable character the last few years. both per»
sonaily and artistically. With every album
released. ire ls accompanied by a different
troupe of musicians. seemingly motivated by
sorrrethlng completely different each time.
Dylan could very well be flirting with Chris-
tianity rrrerely its a frrtnt and abandon it within
the next two years. Nothing at the Palace
Theatre last Sunday night. however. gave any

 

........

Sound & Vision

For the marriage did end. in an ugly divorce
suit. with a Hollywood-type settlement creep-
ing into the millions. Dylan hated the publicity.
but it was apparently nothing compared to the
agony he was feeling over Sara's loss.

A newly-divorced (or separated) Dylan at
The Band's Last Waltz was tired. bedraggled.
and forlorn looking. His lyrics and musical
style took radical courses away from the
steadiness they'd had (or fifteen years. Call me
a reactionary. but that's a steadiness i would
have selfisth chosen to keep. | relied on
Dylan.

Street Legal was off-balance. it was good at
times. even great. but no one can argue that
there was something unsettling about it. some
twist in philosophical character that was just
different. The Las Vegas type tour of 1978
didn't do much to settle the matter. only con-
fuse It. One could see how ciranged Dylan
was. irow altered.

Dylan began concentrating on his music
suddenly. for one thing. Whether it is Dylan or
his poetry i once idolized. it all seemed coin»
ciderrtal. because it was so real and so humart.
But suddenly he gets hurt real bad and the
grand troubador of all time gets scared right
otrt of the field. avoids love like it's a sin; and
after a year and a hall of rambling through
Street Legal. the forced out Budokun live
album. Jerusalem. and bad reviews. ire came
up with Jesus and the Slow Train Coming.

So i don't really even nrirrd Dylan stopplrrg

indication that Dylan would desert the Lord.
ever. His songs in the latter part of the evening
were even more laden with praise to Jesus.
Where Slow Train was rather subtle in Its
direction. i.e.. its piety. the new never-heard»
before-anywhere songs sounded like pure
Mississippi Delta gospel. particularly when
Dylan took to the piano. His harmonica solo
at the end was — well — beautiful. "inspired"
might be a better ward.

Upwards of 500 complimentary tickets were
given out to members of various Christian

....4..-¢.-...'.4-.........

 

groups in the Capital District for Sunday

 

his show halfway through to talk turkey about
Jesus and the Bible. Yet before. when it was
lust love and living up life. he never had to.
The words and the tunes were quite sufficient.
80 religion has a little pretension about it. and
Dylan's succumbed to It. at the cost of his love.

You know. i )ust can't conceive of Bob
Dylan spending the rest of his life placing his
brilliant faith in a smart book. i’ve always
dreamed that he would fly off somewhere with
the one he loved and wave bye-bye with an
evil smirk on his face. it's not that l'm against
all of this religious stuff for him. but after those
other twenty-five albums i've been weaned
on. i feel as if a battle has been lost.

50 all of those Words are no longer his
possession. because he's willingly given them
up. He doesn't include a single old song in his
set. and even some of those (Le. "Shelter
from the Storm") are congruous with his new
feelings. But he can't even do that. for his
painful block against love has stored all that
stuff away forever.

in the end. i'feei a little emptier. l'm glad i
saw him. because he's Dylan. but every time
he said something. without thinking. l'd In-
stinctively think about irow Bobby Dylan and
his old love ethic Would be able to argue it
down with a single verse. There's just too
many songs to mention a specific one. but just
pick one out and it'll do.

So l'm not nrad at Dylan (l have absolutely
no right to be). l’m just sad. He gave up Sara
for Jesus. and l’ve given up Dylan but there's
no replacement. Not Jesus. not Bruce 5. and
certainly not Zimmy. He said ire didn't want to

be missed. but i rrriss him anyway. Tough shit.
if he could say "You're gonna make me
lonesome when you go. " then so can i. 0

Simple 'l'wrist Of Faith

night's show. Dylan also played the Palace
Monday night and slept — apocryphaliy — at
the Wellington Hotel. Wherever he spent the
night. Dylan never seemed happier. inviting
everyone to "conre back tomorrow night.
don't be afraid." Question: if Jesus - the one
from Nazareth —— had made an appearance
last Sunday night. would Dylan have allowed
himself to be upstaged? Who can say what a
simple twist of fate has wrought? Most likely.
In whatever direction. he'll go his way . . . and
l'll go mine. .

 

 

.a-

 

