i

M M‘ r-

\

H trio‘-

. 4...-..” .

 . -A...

columns

 

Whose War Are-we Being
Prepared For?

Tom Trabka
—

By ' announcing the reinstatement of
registration for the draft and a five year, five
percent annual increase in military spending.
Carter is taking the first steps in preparing
the American people for war. With the
jingoism and general war hysteria it whipped
tip over the crisis in iran. the Administration
is using the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan to
convince American youth they should
become cailnon fodder in a war to protect
what it calls our “vital interests" in the Per-
sian Gulf.

it was this same definition of "vital in-
lcrcsts" that was used tojitstify (secretly) the
CIA engineered coup iil iran in 1953 wlticli
.wertlircw the government of Mohammad
\iossadeq and installed Shah i’alllavi in
power. "he following 27 years of U.S. iii-

olvcmcnt itt ll’llii earned tlle American
novcrttmcnt tltc hatred of the lraitiaii people.
I‘he his'tory of American interventionist"
.hows that “vital interests" can be tttore ac-
-'itl‘ttlcly termed U.S. bttsitless interest. in
[till] the payoff cattle iii the form of llttge

l5 billion dollar annual increase for conven-
tional destructive power; senseless additions
to our already massive nuclear arsenal; and
400 million in aid to the military dictatorship
in Pakistan. which is attetnpting to develop
it's own nuclear warhead with U.S.-bought
technology.

But the main victims of Carter’s new cold
war policy will be American workers atid
farmers, who will suffer iii the loss of vital
social services squeezed out of the bitdgct by
increased nlilitary spending. arid possibly pay
as well with the lives of their stilts atid
daughters. ltl short. a military adventure in
the Persian (i'llf would not be iii the interests
of the American public: it is only the ar-
maments industry and the oil companies
which stand to profit by it.

The Soviet intervention lil Afghanistan has
bccti condemned by all nations atld peoples
which hope to remain free of the struggle for
world domitiatiotl betwccn tltc two super—
powers. lliit tltc liypocrisy_of Carter, who
cries for "human rights" and "peace" wliilc

 

Playing “God” ' .

To the Editor: , -

Here it is, my senior year at SUNYA, and
l’m still hearing people say (with a bit of awe
and surprise), “So, you're still a Bio major?"
it was along, difficult trek to make. and ifl
had it all to do over, i‘d do it very differently.
but i survived.

l've already been accepted at a few
graduate schools. and l am. like many others
applying "only" to graditatc schools.
relatively “low-key" about the situation. Try
saying “How ya doing?" to a pre-med and
sce‘the answer you get. it will probably be
something like. “i have an interview at
Albert Einstein next week atid a hold at
Downstate. etc." Listen to a conversation in
a biology class of seniors — you're more than
likely to hear someone yell across the room.
(in full ear-shot). about ail interview they
have. How many times have yoit iicard.
“You‘re doing research. well l'm doing corti-
mtinity service at Albatty Med. i was it] littc at
6 unit. to sign tip for it." So. who's impress-
ed?

Becoming a doctor is a ttoblc achievement.
biit the path til it isn't. There are different
reasons for wanting to achieve this goal: to
relieve sitl'fcting. to llcttcr pttblic liealtlt. for
“'9 “WINS/t l‘l't‘xligc. or to “make up" for
something to tltcit parents. l know a lot of
people here that want to bc doctors. atid tlicy
llllL‘tltl)’ lime godAlikc“ attitudes. i wonder
how some will feel when tltcy fall off their
clouds, and have to (heaven forbid) apply to

it

teunoni . a tst atsuchavote
is not'ailowed while the workers are on strike.
Since the Workers went on strike shortly after
the card count. there was no time for a secret
ballot. Keeping this in mind, it is apparent
that the strikers’ immediate goal is not the

'repair of the poor facilities; very simply, it is

for the right to unionize. The problem is
serious enough to have kept the workers out
on strike since August 81h, but Follett has not
seen fit to boycott the company. instead, it
has worked out a compromise in which
Cotrcll & Leonard’s rcgalia can still be pur-
chased. A major reason given for such a
compromise is that it would be
“inappropriate for a public institution to ex-
press a view in a private labor dispute."
SUNYA. a public institution. does not pur-
chase the caps aiid gowns. however. l’ollctt
Bookstore, a private concern. does. Thus.
the charge of inappropriatcncss is irrelevant.

Another excuse for avoiding a boycott is
that Follett does not wish to "prejudge" the
company. We would like Follctt to explain
how a decision not to boycott Cott‘cll &
Leonard avoids prejudging tltc strikers. A
dccisioit for Cotrcll & Leonard is a decision
for management over strikers.

About 50 people lutvc been striking since
August 8. Their offers to return to work havc
been accepted. btit only with the condition
that only non-union supporters may work.
(About half the strikers are non-union stip-
portcrs.) These people are asking for otti help
oti an issue ol‘g titnportancc to their lives,
We cattuot let rationali/ations stand iii the
way of a boycott. Note that the compromise

Mor ng After" had considered. i was in-
suited as a reader who was proved of what
our student newspaper (awarded the finest
student paper in New York) had to offer and
had displayed in the past. Carlos felt a touch
of racism. l still maintain that the essay 1 J
reacted to, no matter who (male-female)or
what (brilliant English major — but) wrote it,
did not belong in our very fine newspaper.

l considered writing a short story about
how irritable those little rubber things can be.
atld i figured that lit spiced it tip with a coil-
ple of fancy fruits and phrases, the work 'l
might pass for some profound expose on the
dilemmas of birth control and friendship. A a
ridiculous proposal indeed! l didn't think I I!
could pull it off. so to speak. Neither did the it

capitalists? Corporations? Exxon?

And . . . i can ‘I say we ean_stop this. We

just have to recognize it, and put it into
perspective. Now, is that a lot oftrouble? No
letter writing, no rallies. and no teach-ins.

ust think, and as l said before. question.

Sincerely.
Alan Frutkin

Check Mate

'o the Editor:

l ltavc becoiite outraged at the practices of
local business aitd would like to call thetn to
ie attention of SUNYA students who will.
opeftilly. avoid the trap i recently fell ittto.

unknown author of the infamous T.M.A. The firm to which i refer is the Albatly Sav-

lt is not my iittcttt right ttolv to counter- ll
slander anyone who read my letter, thought it it
was offensive or abusive. atid responded the
same. But i would like it known that lani not
a vicious misogynyst (some ol‘my best friends
are members of tile opposite sex) attd. if
you'll allow some subjectivity to creep ittto
this discussion. l'm ttot an arrogant. closed-

lgs Batik. This bank is rather heavily used
y students iivitig dowtttown because of its

convenience: one of its brunettes is located
four blocks froin Alumni Quad. another is
located three blocks frottt the Wellington
llotcl.

Students receiving a check from home atul

depositing it in all Albany Savings iiank

To the lililitor:

in last Friday's .AISI’.

tttiiidcd, tttcdicval idiot. Most people tltittk “I‘L'Ckl'lll "r ‘ilVl'lgS "CWU'" “""tl mm “"1”
i'm one helluva tiicc guy.

weeks before they can draw tilt even ottc ccttt
of its value. This rttlc applies to all “out of
town" (outside the Alhany-Schcuectady-
'l‘toy ar 11) checks. and affects students frottt
tltc New York (‘ity»l.ong island vicinity as
well as those l'tom upstate.

What. pray tell. is tltc justification fol
holding it check foi Illl‘l‘t' trucks"! Albatly Sav—
ings claims that this is the amount of time rc—
qititctl fot tltc check to clear. ’i‘t‘ttnslatiott: for

With sincere apologies to those l offcttdcd.
. Robert Lerner

Redlape
This is to clarify our letter which :tppcntcil

ltt regards to the loss of our application to

Enter laughing

I now know what It is like to laugh, and to cry, simultaneously.

Shifts toward a registration and quite real possibility of a nationwide draft. pose, as such

implications will. a number of questions and notions that will require immediate and intensive
inleidual speculation in the days that lie ahead.

What we must be concerned with is if our nation is in such dire need'and emergency at

present. Washington, while by no means expecting a Soviet surprise social call. is instead
demonstrating that our' country is in a frozen and blinded state in our attempts at using
diplomatic efforts and American brainery in its Russian dealings. Sacrificing the intellectual
sword. we have opted for a bullet policy. it is an outright contradiction of our calm, cool. yct
intense diplomatic handling of the Iranian Crisis. and is a spit in the face of true American
ideals. Our coolness will pay off in iran. too. Bani—Sadr; their defaeto leader may release our
captive folk very soon, in the hopes of creating a new image for his new government. See what
a little diplonlacy will get you.

Brains over bullets ovcr bombs. Have we learned nothing?

A draft would imply that we have rtipturcd any glimmer of hope for a different solution.

We itliist not. and cannot opt for this yet. Draft notiotis have invited a ntass paralysis and

hysteria. clouding atid clipping at tile minds of otir youth. their parents, Rt

it herself, and

tltc entire macrocosm. With it. there is only one disastrous direction. Attd it smells of fresh
blood. TliCi“ are other ways. '

lint should we opt for blood for oil, lllett whose blood will it be?
Friends. five million will he clamped itito the armed services. There are currently, unless

many are plattttitlg oti nus/lug llti't'r lions/Hg. just that number of men ages 18 to 20.

avaiitiblc. Why iii-20'? A Selective Service official in

Ci

been honored to answer; you‘re “more
ily trainablc" mid "most of them 'don‘t have families."
l‘o those who feel that war is the ottly realistic solution to our nilittg policies. to those itchy

for some action, anxious to pitt a ‘lil round hole iii a pinko faggot. or creaniing itt delight at
the fantasy of taking the “U-N" ottt of Union, tllctt mix yourselves a sweet drink. and
salivtltc. atid smile. You may soon get your chance.

lint may we ask why have you stopped questioning? When college should provide one with

the know-how to tttap a clean course of learning. thinking. growing. attd asking. why aren't
yott tltc least bit wuty of tltc info yott arc breastfed cnclt day by those with ttltcrior interests?
'l'ty and capture tidbits of reality oitt of all tltc conlttsion. the corporate, economic. quasi-
political. and hostile factions. and try to fuse it all together itlto a tangible picture. Use your
mind; tltittk. atid question. You may not like the ily-product. (‘ruslt a commie. attd they will

“W” m" " Perm“ l“ “l’l‘l-V ll” “ “'l’l“ l” '1‘“ ll". [W'k I” 1"“ H“: “"‘h l” i” I‘m “1”” l"'“‘"- dissect a dctiloctat. oi use reason and careful diplomacy. the absence of wlticlt mankind turns
CC. lobby — we'd like to tciteratc that it Other local banks are also concctncd witlt
was, itt fact. tltc Student Association which ascertaining that out of town cltccks clear.
lost ottt original application. [he University 'lltcy require a Ill-day waiting period. ()r a
Student Activitics ()f . whom we incor- 7-(lill' \Villll'lil ill-‘l'll‘ll- 01‘ 3' Nay “'lllllllll
t‘cctly implicated lIl tltc fitst two paragraphs Pct'lllkl. II is ills“ "0 Wt‘t’s‘l illllt‘lltl SUNYA
ol'our lcttct’. did ttot lose our pctmit its it ltad \lllLlL'IHH lllill bludullllﬂ FWlHIIlF-L‘ Silflllil‘:
ttot itt fact been gratttcd yet. 'ilte University lltlllk (Stuyv N I’lH/itl ltil‘» It“ Wilillllt;
Student Activities Office unL Iluwcvul' give period and will gladly cash out of town
its an emergency table to use in the lobby checks for its depositors. on the spot, no
questions asked.

I lack sufficient evidence to sittlc that l_ltis

was worked ottt witltotit input from those
purchasing the caps attd gowns attd note that
tile Scltior Class (‘oimcil has declared its sup”
port of the boycott along with the UAS
lioard of Directors. We urge l-'ol|ctt to ill-
stitutc a complete boycott attd we urge tltc
student body to support the efforts of the
workers.

graduate schools as a last resort. Remember
anyone can be a “pie-med.“

So. lxtnzgcst that all yott “pic-grails" give
yonisclfa put on tltc back. because you can‘t

to beasts. with nothing to distinguish him frqu tltc rest.

Anti l'o tltc lads who sil oti pit‘kct fences shaking tltcit heads lil dcfiattt “no‘s”
ttdly asscttiug at campus pat tics .itid taverns. “No fucking way. l‘m a conscicntioiis objector.
baby’ﬂ—what are you truly waiting for‘.’ A war. It's atouttd the corner baby. don't kid
youtsclf. It will be sad and ironic to sci: yott shaking your blood tense and fearful faces in de-
fiattt “no‘s” wltilc you ciuisc on that otlc~wny tlo-fiillcr to ‘lighanistan. Never before in
history has the registration bceti mandated without the succession ol'_a draft and an eventual -
wal. Shall we defy liistoty‘.l l-Iutcr handling.

To the few. tltc It itc few. who appealed Sunday downtown to mice a human ideal. your cf~
fotts were not ill \ain. Rallies :itc presently happening on tltttiot campuses mid itt cities all over
lltL‘ L‘ttltilli’)’. to blend into a hippie this Aptil ttt I).('. llopct'ttily others will follow.

lliL'ltJ.tl'L‘1l\tllitil) ways as can bc tll.l\\ll tadtt ttottt our iitclc. When we lose this tlotiott we
will haw lost tttotc than ottt blood. So, illicit otn t'lt‘lll tmttott lttts ptiwcd itself. and has
Iliotoittlltly calmttutcd cwty .tlcttttc of possibility. win-n men nicl.col ctcntile .\tltctii'att brain-
wotk bats been tttili/cd. and still we me til it itltllllt‘tllllgl .tltd thtcatcttitlg dilcttlttta. itt st danger

or tllosc pro-

cilttttt on anyone else to do it fill you.
Signed.
A “l’rc—grad"

- — * . _ . Foilett: No Gown
itwltta I‘oi Amctii'an oil nionopotiL-e, “tn, propping tipalictatots like Souio/a attd the
H,“ WHHHHC H, m”, “Han mi,“ "MIL. [he Shah and building up lltc war machine i-. too
"in. \Mmukch' Mn“. “11...”. i” (shim, titttclt to stomach. l’cncc cannot be :iclticlcd
“"l‘t'ttttion between '\llilL'Ul|tliliIllll tltct'lA hf I‘ll'l‘5'l'l‘b” m" “i”' liklll‘llilllll” ll” ill“
“Mimi In It... NW“) ml”. “hid. dwnwd draft iti peacetime is serious picpatation tot

he \llcudc "tt\L‘titlilL'ill and pttt tltc tnilitttty Wm"

 

 

Sittcetcly.

l)avc l’ologe (4574721)
l‘ctct \\'cin~.tock

there is a story on tltc l'ollctt liookstorc's Ruth Roscttstocl.,
tcl'ttsttl to boycott caps nttd gowns made by LA” “K. .mmhc“ U" HAS)
('oltcll & lt‘tlililltl. Wc tltc glad to see the HN

when they ltcatd about ottr plight. We thank
them for ilth and apologi/c for any difficulty
we caused them in our letter. [\liiv'llL‘L‘ is a blnttuttly anti-student tttcttstttc.

lltts lends its to discttssouc tttore problciu, though l mu sotcly tempted to do sit. it is
plocctltttc tciptiting people to go students who often must tcl_\ tipott it well-
through two \l‘PilllllL‘ oll’iccs is titst a little bit tittch check ltottt home to Ink.- LilIL' of the

To the ltitlitor:
ltl tltc l-‘cbruary tittlt issue of the .-tS/'

'Illil.| ol (icti. l’inoi'ltct Ill pil\\ct. [be com
Iiotll tlicsc (\t‘ttts was tltc
'tltic.tt“ |l|k'\L‘ t'tHL'litillL‘ills
'ittiatoc l‘ll\lllL'\'v relationships that lltt.‘ lLS

lll'll l'ylll’ll tit
posed to

'||]t|\t‘ll. lltc i'otttitlott tcsitlt was that both
liesc ll.tltt|l|\ \\\‘|L' ‘-|llllL'k'lt'tl to thototig'lily
.‘otittpt .itlil icptc-me tll\'|.llt\|\lil]l‘v which
iulv -ni\t\cd llL'l'illl‘tL' ot \tttcttcan
‘v'tttltlltlti‘. lllllllitl_\. and diplomatic \llllptlil.

:\ poptt‘at myth ptomotcd by tltc (‘altcr

\dtuut:.:t.ttton .tuil tltc news media is that

(’ottsctiption is at lorni of inlolutnty st'tr
\itndc which is botlt unjust and ttnwat-
tantcd. RcstEtancc to the dtnft dates back to
tltc time of the Spanish»\tttct'icnn War. it is
patriotic to oppose a war that is fought to in
stttc profits fot oil companies and contttlt'ts
l'ot wnr ittilustttcs. What we tcnlly need in :t
sctitllls ptogittnl tor consctyation and hand
tion to sale. tcucwable t'tit.‘l_|'_\ stltllv'L‘S. and a
drastic change lii ottt wttstcl'ttl plillL‘lll‘. ol
k‘llL‘l')‘._\"Ctlihlllllillltllt. tlttly it] this way can we

xISI’ colt-ting this impottant issnc. btit we
feel that some points lit the article ttci'd
clabortition.

lltNl of all. tltc cause of illi‘ strike by
('ottcll a leonzttil emplo\ccl. is much more
setiottu than wlt.tt tltc .lSl’ desctibcs as "tltc
company's itttcil'cteucc ltl union :tctilitics.”
.\lll‘l a «and count revealed that well over ti
illilllttlly ol wot}.ct~. lll'SllUtl :1 union. t‘ottcll
.\ lt‘llllilltl l‘t't'iiil tltcit uul’ait labor practices.
I'licsc included tbtcnti'ntng tlliltlii sym~

lApologize

in tlic itiilitor:

lwas iti my roont tltc other day i-otnctsitnv
with an intoxicated ('at'los. ('tttlos said.
“llama. you see this article in the .«ISI’ ‘liotit
two weeks ago'.’ Man, i couldn‘t llclie\c it
made l’ucrto Ricntl gills ottt to be ttotltin' lntt
tttttttps. Damn.“ Of course i told lilitl that i
had read tltc :ttticle attd ltttd lL‘SllUllilL‘tl to ll
still of lttttsltly, to fight line with iitc. llL'

tidicttlous. it is about time that lllls sott of little
btttc.tuctatic t‘cd-titpe was cut back. One tip-
plicntioti to ottc office fot (lNl‘ table ought
to be enough. l’ctltaps. it .t littlc mote clllr Mohawk. attd the gas station on tltc cotnct.

be avoided.

lti\i.ilittcs ol litc. likc
lnndlotd or sttppottitut l'ricc ( ltoppct. Not
to tticttttott New York lt‘lc'plttltit'. Niagnt’ar

pitinth tltc

cicncy were instituted. lcttcts -.itch as the one \Vc won't cictt tall. about auto insurance.
\\c wrotc itt ltctttcd tbttt lli‘illllt‘tll ‘ittgct could liut lltt‘ point is that those wlto ll\L' locally

ilcttctally work locally and ate paid in checks

itl ltIi‘ttl tllli'itt

1);.“ tun-um olu-n lu'ctt pointed ottt. live itt Albany ntttc
lttli /cnts months out ol the ycat. \llio softer. Hut

It in students. who. :is it has

l'totn afar and abroad. tltcit orch me it unilotm. \i/e l;tt_l'c. prcfctably in iordache gtay. I
want ample pockct‘» lot .tmpli‘ i'ii'ati-ttcu and .t photo \‘iltlttldlllilt‘lll so i might cttlisiotl all

those dctit to me onc l.l\l time should |il\ lliillll‘» bi- blowtt to lltltllts.

. ~ . . .‘
lint l'ltettd. lllllil oitt piotttl .tltd cnpnblc go\ct ttmcttt.tti Jill \\'I tonsncss. \IilPS acting ttt \DthllL

impulse. and \llltlS tltlilll‘ the hub we act them up lot. lllL‘ll I do dcctec. that l'll certainly be.

ltltc'\t'l itt lllttc icons.

(mil .t.‘l'tlIlI II\ the |l'l\t/tllll_ltl [tunic lt‘lltl/ ti‘i' lllt‘ t/l'llli,’ In tIII/‘\t’/l‘t‘\.

 

Jaywalking m r» .  .t. o

ill in at .t lltlittti Hinton \ltl tin. i‘..ttlil~il out til « ..ntt.t.. .n. thin . u. nun t\.|ylllllil\\

Sl lNY\ R..A\.l,.\‘, lllllllllt'l‘~ don‘t count fot much. as we iiiL‘ \lil-  W, I, W t
. I‘it‘icnth ll:l||‘ilt.‘ill to tender out money and .. .. m .i t.. i.. i... .. fathom.
For the Memories

lo the l‘.tlil()l‘2

While spending a quiet Sunday L'\L'illtit' lit
the dorms. my friend, who ll\t.‘s across tltc
ball. decided to \cgctate itt front of the boob
tube. Not much was ticcomplisltcd in tile tttL'tt
of academic studies. We watched tltc news,

t.. .. . ., ... .i. not it llvt-. .tt >l. m. i...

pntlti/cts with ltlss ot iob.’cl;ttntiuyI that
union ’viillltttllL‘IS would not be liitcd and
t'lllllllllll' Iltttt tltc cotttpatn would not ctlgagc

said. "l)atl.n. you Robctt ictnct‘.’ ' He
shook my hand.

Ibis lncidettt opcttcd tip my mind to one
side of this etcrnnl question of ethics that
neither l ttot tltc unknown aittltot of “ I‘ltc

.tvoid l'uttttc “ills lot control ot
ICSlllIlk'CS.

\llll‘lll'd. because it is the most powi'tlttl na» ‘w'iut'c
in .t. t. o t i t ttillli‘ imitantmti \l.t\ .un Hanna. a. not .nn l. t‘t.liilt|ll\,

illll in the wotld. somehow has a “tight” to
\lidvl .t‘d lid. and that this “t’,ltt" includes
'u- il“lt| to itltcnettc tltctc militatilv \\lll‘il
ltc ltS. feels "tlitcntcttcd". llccnnsc of Ibis
tcw "tlucat". (“ruler is telling its we need a

m. o n. no mt a... ..

out t'tlL‘Hlili'cn \tlpctllttotts and ttttctly in»
‘Vll'llllltillll. lint wlictt tltc tent cotttcs due. it‘s
due lltllt', ttot tlucc \vccks lrottl ttow.

i am ttol saying anything new. Anyone
who lltls worked with tltc tll’f (‘amptts
.‘\s\ili'lltlltllt. ot snuggled to tcpcal Mayor
(‘orning's :uttigroupcr law. or read the .AISI’
or tier/mi: (21/ on any regular basis. knows
actually tltc part concerning the anti-ilrnl't- mi. in in- mn- A knows that tltc piobleins of
registration rally we ltad attended that al'lctr off-campus students weren‘t borti yestctdny
"UUII- “10 "lillll ill'llt‘t‘t‘klt‘tl. llml lllL‘ TV ‘1" and won't go away tomorrow or tltc next
unlined on. i walked ill and out of the root" day.

“WW “"105 llll'tllltlll AI‘L‘lliL‘ llllllkt‘l'. uNlllllk‘ l‘o tL'pltl‘ttsL' an old cliche. students will ttot
l‘hut 'l‘une'I commercials, and llob Hope. he helped unless we help ourselves. i'his
liob liopc‘l i didn’t kttow lie was still of . means little things as well as big Illittgs. l'ltis
Nevertheless, i paid no nttcntioit to tile black nit-ans city government. University pull
and white screen which seems to affect unscrupulous merchants. attd unsympathetic
millions 0|~ Alltct'iutlm CVL‘I')’ Illllllllc. WCW businesses. Fifty dollars. twenty dollars.
(lily Ul~ lllh‘ll’ liWi- “'0”. ll tillc‘dlt‘” Wildcllly might not tttcatt very tttticli to a giant like
occurred til ttie. What the ltcll was tltc llob Albany Savings liank. But is it such a great
llotlc0vcrsczu ('Ilristnlasl‘mu‘«Iningml'l‘V wonder that so many nt‘tleaintaus stttdcttts
“'1 February W'-l Wlly W115 1| "1"“ Will) “"5 have a fricild at (‘ltase Manhattan?
represented America all over this world. in- They cumin” .1...“ have one at Albany
eluding this country telling. its that although Snvillp‘g.

.
ii
3 war is a nightnuirc, sometimes there cati b - a

 

 

 

 

[T‘s N()'l' ()UR WAR ()RtiANl/i ft) in collectnc bargaining with the union.
|’l(ill'i' 'l llli l)R/\l"l'  Sv\\' N0 |‘() Hill l'lte tcasoit llli' wotkets lt;i\c itot \otcil for
WAR M()VliSl  7 ~ T  4: ..  ::

Rich I. Belinr. l.'ilitoi ill t‘ltti-I
llon Levy. Rob E. Grullmiin. Mutt ltltllt] l'ilttois

 

News Editor . . . . . Mirltcli- Israel
Associate News Editors l .iiiin lilotentitio. Sulvia Saittldcts
Aspects Editors . Stuart Mntiimgn, Boll ()‘liriim
Associate ASPects Editor Sit/num- (icibei
Sports Editor. . . . . . . . l‘atil Schwartz
Associate Sports Editor , . . . Bob Iii-llaiiotc
Editorial Pages Editor Steven llolnik

 

 

% .
LIFE l6 [712006HT

LIFE (9 Ptgpw N0 etFE 15A
/

LIFE l5 WENTATU)
COM I l A T # NOilFE/‘SFAClL/W
madame. PW d“? ill?” .53ng av

l

Staffwrifcrs: l’nt linuilov. Andrew Ciliiilll. llntold Diamond. Karen Ficti. Mike Filed. Matttccn
(ii-onto; lid (iooilman. [any Hallo. Amu l\'atitor. Douglas Kolln. Debbie Kopl. liirli Kinslow.
Sumn Mtllutaii. Kathy,I l'i'lllll. .h-ll Sclindoll. liirtli Sexcr, Aioii Smith, Mike Williamson Zodiac &
Preview Editors: ('ntol Volk. .lnmii' Klein News Editor Emeritus: Aron Smith

Debblc Kopf. Business ll'latiuger
. . . . . . . . Stew Coldstelu
. , . . . . . . . . . . . . Lisa Applebaum
. . Ronnie Brown. Miriam Rasplcr
Fran GlllL'Clu’l‘l

Advertising Manager

Billing Accountant
Assistant Accountant

Compoalllnn Manager . . .

 

 

 

 

Salon: lltcli Scboninger. erll Seligtsotl Classiﬁed Manager: Robin Block Compoolflon: Mike
McDonald. Marti! Bianrhl Maitlvu MU‘iidliNll.’ Advertlllng Production Main-gar: Sue
llausman Advertising Production; lidttli llcrclsi‘nt. Marie Anni! Calm/Ito. Tammy Geiger. Joy
(ioldstclii l‘ctmy Gieetistt-in. Ruth Matsdi-ti. Mike McDonald. Joy l’ieli'r. Steve Robins Office
Sin": lSonnle Stevens. Steve Rollins '

 

- MO. Ml/ HETA' " ‘ OH 600/ '
W '9 “lip; v .r I. ’ lelfsliiflalli‘t‘fgi I“ 00%523;

H. t /  -—— Aron Smith

“Not with my life
you don’t!”

 

 

few really enjoyable mouicuts'! isn't this
ironic. This afternoon. an tutti-draft rally aild
tonight a friendly shipping off to the Persian
Gulf.

God, ’l‘.V. is just a vehicle. a vehicle for
ottr government. Don't you see ltow strongly
“they” call influence us? i wish i could really

define who “they” are: Government of— - .
ficiiils? Military advisers? Wealthy 1hur5day’12'3oP'M'
' m

Jordan Manger, Eric Koll. Production Matingch
Vincent Alello, Ell-II Beck. Lle- Bonulorno.‘ Associate Production Managers
Vertical Camera . . . . . . . . . . . . Dave Benjamin
Typln Eur-ordinal" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Hunk's Chick
Paolo-up: Marti.- ltaliano. Joy Friedman Typlofl: llosamary Fenata. Marie Goliarino, September
Klein. Dellbtc Loeb. Debbie Schiller, Zari Stahl. Laurie Walters Peach-Idem: Rachel Cohen. Sue
Lichtenstein, Chauffeur: Tom Sallna I

Elf-bulb!!! IDQG' _ _ H

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.....i.-.-..\.i............'......

 

 

