 

 

Aspects on Tuesday

 

September 23, 1980

ﬂ

 

Chorus Line. the Tony and

Pulitzer prize winning musical.

opened a nationwide tour at Proc-

tm‘s Theatre. Schenectady, this weekend.
The show opens the fifteen program series.
sponsored by the Arts Center and Theatre.

Lawrence Kinsman

the non-prohi community group that mums
and operates Proc‘ror's Theatre and Arcade.

The play is about a group  more than
twenty dancers who compete in: eight parts
— iour boys. four girls, as Zach the director
refers to them The strut? - provides an
astonishing lli‘ili array of characrer studies
The Neu ‘i': Magazine's thumbnail
review reefers ‘in A Chorus Line as "a
brilliani and inn native rnusrcal" There is no
DVETSXBIG’TIET. one The man, who have
seen the play ir. Neu York or around the na-
tion. as web as those of us whc. saw the tour
'r-oror's. are

 

   

 

  

 

ing company this weekend a:
familiar with he quality of the snow — it's a
line cirrus tor the moor.

The note under the listing of musrcal
numbers says Slmpl,‘ Ah AUDi'TlCﬂs' —
TiME. Non — PLACE Here The spirit of
iCi'p‘. 2‘ expressed in that notc-
' combine to

 

 

the entire c:
Evermhirr; ir. ..
jenionszraie '

 

 

Show.

       
     

Cil 'ii'ii‘ Sh'lICl S

 

    
  

:ui -ne in wr.r;r. lacn '

thaw. what me. will our writ"

 

ionge: dame- Tnc; mg,“

pragmazr: - ZTirL‘,
get mama:

will ’,l;"t“.

$937k“ I’l’i

     
  
  

 
 

i' ‘ilf inf: 5.”.

. an: T'rr Mirinf

 

.:r: jam. 1' .rit L'i’JTUE :ria:

 

gnu: tna' S'Il Is'v'r

W

 

lTid'm" ’ki‘ .’ u is’.v.iiI

3:». t’..‘» irLriT. 1’“ («in

 

 

 

hTtCITTiCY T

a plus as 1‘ '

   

contrived . i
as exempliii n, Jail Bi
Then:- wc r iii-:all. bar-yd ssirrgi. he” 1'

 

seven pieca crudri's. grearv. "ngtlr is as .i

instrumental unit The «uni-less numbers

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

.lll’

 
   

ponsor. . . .

W I
Proctor-95 chorus LI

ing in unison with others because she dances
like no one else She tells him she would be
proud to dance with these others anywhere
anytime She just wants to do what she loves
as much as she can {or as long as she can
She is a heroic figure —- and. interestingly.
she is the tallest person in the line, taller than
even bch Cassie isthc- pure artist —- not the
 cerebral. but the anist alive "l‘m a
dancer." she says. and the cunair. lifts
behind her to expose a fa ulous wall of mir-
ror with red. white and violet footlighis

   

ﬁ A s;- -r 
Zach it‘d! his “boys and giris' i

l, lav-75' u - . >
no dance action in A Chant!

reﬂected in if. Thia Fadel, the dancer/actress
who plays Cassier does such an electric and
sweetly tormented rendering of Michael
Bennett’s choreography that we're tempted
to believe she is improvising Here is a
woman of thirty-two, old for a dancer, giving
and magnificently. If
her dancers must
her kind of artist

everything she has.
becomes painfully clear i
sacrifice more than any of
for their work.

The "Dance Ten; Looks Three"
number, performed by Kimberly Dawn

«6»

Shown above is I scene from the Broadway production of the play.

Of Motley Music

A Mixed Review

all

  
  
    

Si'l .

 

 

 

r \ \‘i
p
r.
\ i' r r
l»
't

     

    
 
 
 
 

  

      

. I . _ '
:ugiu t . . z'ii: w. -..‘.  . .; .1
band that in'rs mini :rrr': ‘rri vii'itlt
hi 'lwi: blur-s intuit rr‘ 5 r.."ri :' i lil\ .-

populai lurid Tin Allriisvis .turr .ir.i.
r'2li‘ lint

runs of rho rwtr part irssiriiii:

nunlicd ras wen i

   
 

 

Most (if us li'Ci'Igi‘iiIi‘ ihai human in. .-,~ l! IN
portrayed in iclcvisiorr tuninri-ii ml.- i.~.:. ilii
li‘l significantly from reality lirmgir'ru u‘liﬁl it
might be like to live as they .‘l.~ fill iliiisv (<rrii
mormals lmagrnc that Kids is "the fir si day of
the rest of your life"

8 (it? a in Harry. our TV hi'rir. walrus
up from a long sloop brought about by
stirk'X. Nyinl, Sleep 0:. and Slut"
Off. for quick nighttime relief H" on
plies Murine in his eyes in “gt-i the red
out" and crawls in the bathroom

820 am Emerging from llil‘ sluich
and still covered wrih lailwi which

 

 

 

"The lyrics were worn

popular ‘relationahlp'. "

 

 

       

rlrr ii it rm‘.

‘1

Alvin .
by is l“lr|li.‘.! ly .: ririisiirriii and.

   

 

ii .‘rlllili'l is

   

:{ill‘lbtllll’ iirrrir i..ili .i r‘ .r Hli

 

. \ULit'Al‘ l\ili iLUiu' iu'ic

lllk‘ l\'lli x ilmir'isuli‘i‘s, it'sirriiiig lii \K'rllli ruck
li..ll.t" liiiri ll’l’l riiiriki'. .iluri rind siii
irrg irrni‘ lii‘sli lii' is gll‘k'll‘il by is man
yr-llirig ‘(liii' sliril grind fur llii‘ \Ulirilc
iliivl”

/\ liier inniclii's inni llll' bathroom
and ll’pllliliilitls liiiri for using that
liliri- stuff on his Iiiiiililiriisli Willll‘
sliv's in it. she rings liiiii liir using
giruisy kids' slufl, it dull rn/rn blade:
and "iiiudii‘lncy" niiiutliu‘nsli

llniry Ili\'t's|ignlﬂh llll‘ ruckus min-
inir fruiii lliv kiiclii'n Si-vcml sirnrrqcrs
nrr- ircrriiing his wife. Mridgi'. for linvr
trig lirid bri'rilli. dislipnn irnriils
llllill'ldllll mini, and "flat" llilll ()ii
llii’ll WilV mil. llii'y loudly iii’i‘usi‘
flurry rif liiivlng "ring around lllt' ml
lrir. which cause Mriilgi' in biiisl iritii
Irina

I

rock
cliches. or dealt with the ever

Smith as Val, is sensational too. It refl
another show business personal-n1.
talented and aggressive young worria ,
dances well but is not pretty enough i, 
parts. Val is a comer. though. she :s ‘
angry to give up. too angry er the fat‘ ~-
her looks mean more than her dbliCI" »
audition. so she simply purchases  .,
ass". The number is caustic anc -
the tone is far from simple We all . .
silicone injections and breast :rma -
dangerous. There is a kind of de.
respect in Val's pragmatism L» F
desrre to pedorm is alrnr‘
strong But her song is ultrr.
phanr

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
   

     

The play is brilliantly staged A
iioning dancer is invited to tallv a.
herself. numerous lights are use: ..
timing to create iw. ..
dramatic and true." '2 

 

 

second
monologue
the dancer is talking bzs morn’
derily go sourrc'less arm;
overhead will focus or. the u
others in the line The;c
thinking. their
something to :rrieies‘. Zach.
in reveal thezr true selves Ther. 1’ ~.

 

 

 

 

 

an met, at er

 

i'iewees "NZ/lie snaps back and

 

ticulai monologue 2s complu
Hess pace

l'UY the most part. ml coursi-

 

purrs a: a ore

:rerrrparg. s production =

      

as: “2 mi ..ie pro/Jar.

 

'. :M‘ hspzrrrg é:er " “

   

    
    
  
  

:1 in; ca:

h’ .‘ltl ii in Hri:r\ on.) l-fngbr . r
brvakimi iihrlv lit'l\vr\i‘l. we: '
.‘inimrircd iriig iii
table and growling "ling -"‘.. 1

will; on . ..

oriir‘riarnnicni .i'uicnr; ri-

 

bri‘iikiasis lms lit-er. pit chin: 1 . '
midgets. a whim .i s. ii” it»
leprechaun

0 ()0 a in
work
i‘niriiicr bulnri' ilic now. «liiiti.
demand in

llﬂllk‘ arriiiw .ir int ', .-. -
He slips pits: llll‘ pin :;‘

  

knou livu li.\ i
rliniils are (mini

Still at litirnv. Mnli- ‘ "

in; ll .

‘l ()5 it rri
nwny llil‘ second: no
«laws, mupp-ng and iii-mug llri
washing the riislivs and cl

:5

 

 

 

i.—

 

 

 

W “'53?er um. i... .

September 23. 1980

obby Lee Burnett believes that the

 future is "big butts. sagging ills.
beer. and TV." He's come to the

point in his life when he realizes he'll never
get everything he‘s always wanted. and
wouldn't be happy even if he did. He's come
to realize that. contrary to all the pop
philosophers, forty is more than just a
number and that death is twenty years closer

Mark Rossier

than It was twenty years ago. All at once the
pressure adds up and Bobby Lee feels im-
prisoned in the confines of middle class life.
Bobby Lee Burnett represents the typical
forty-year-old American male: lie is also the
hero of Middle Age Crazy. a new movie that
deals sympathetically with the plight of be
and his family.

Middle Age Crazy is another in the recent
rash of “male menopause" comedies. On
paper it sounds very much like other films of
the genre. but unlike its predecessors.
notably ")0". it is not made by sell-pityirig.
mysoginlsiic mun. CUrliillily Bobby Lcu fuels
both those emotions. but they're ii'riipr'rcd
by writer Carl Kleinscliinitl and liirccrur

 

John Trent's insistence that no iriniiur wliai

scapegoais he finds. IliL‘ blame for Iliis situa-

ilon ultimately lies with Bobby Ler- himself

Tlic' demands made on lillll by his filllllly. nl

least initially. ire no different lliiili ilicy'Vi'
.

Marat

liL’ rui'cst ClrInDliilill Viticutf ubuul
action films is lliiil ilivrv's inn niLlCli
plol and “(if enough iiclioii This is

the case with Thu Ocruguri. it martini arts ex-
travaganza which must have Bruce Lee rrill-
iirg in his grave. Since llii' death of Lee in
1974, niartiiil nris films have waned in
popularity. Lee was fllC urily Chinese iictrir
who could both ncl in English and had the

Jim Dlxon

requisite expertise in kung fu. lllt.’ Chiricsv
form (if ltiirniiz which was the r'rigr' rrt llif’
time.

The Octrrgriri, fur «ill its lililllh. it» [Milking .r
killing ill the l]f)X Ullll'i‘. illill llil‘n’ must by ii
runsmi. Suit (Iliiick Nurris. this yi'rir's
WASP of flu: your. rruisi bu [Jriil iii it
Maybe the lrirguly wiritu Ariri'ricriii rrudiuriw

7n ' .

 

 

   

 

Norrlrihfn limjb fault In this ﬂawed
movie.

 

Cllilliub tlllfl iriilvl it's 1‘ sririp Alll‘l’

fliiil, sliu's llfln’fl Hillf

9'30 u.rri Mrirlgu .‘ililthf'i lllt' i‘rii's fiir 1’ ll] my
cat fund lri'crrirsv ll|‘ wriri'i viii “that or
dlririry rrriiluiid " Slii' iir'r'inirrrs iil liiiri.
“ I rlriii'i i'nii' wlini Mlllll‘r Ilii' (Lil irrkl
yriii'”

l()'()() (l m {\l Illt’ lrriiiiiliniirrii. Mruliir-
illl(iWh ii lililll to rip ll|‘l lll\Ui‘l'i lwi'niisr'
slrc' \lXDt’ll‘i in il‘ii’lW‘ “if/.5) liiil rlri-
lilrill rims ilWiil,’ wriliiiiii pin/inn

/\l llli‘ lrrdiv-C p..'iirr'. Arirri'iiii

ltlllili'ifllii vi-Ils ill Millllli' lior'niisi' lri'r

lWlt'lI llf‘rll l‘iklplii/ |l|'ii|i||l

Nirriri

sit-rik \iilil
liiirrr'r liir lilllli’lll

Maie Menopause

 
   

always been, but now he is seeing them
through the eyes of a man In his forties. not
ihirtigs. Once his father dies. the script does
get a little melodramatic; his mother moves
in. his son wants to leave college and then

Margret and Dem -- lire-bingo

 

sister. whom he hasn't seen for a number of
years suddenly wants liirri as n confidante.
Though lliL‘ film is made from Bobby Lee's
point of view we [all clearly SL’L’ his fiiulls.
even before liL’ dries. illlf.l WL‘ gut tlic dvfiiiifu
impression flint if he wvru riiill Il‘) liL' could
handle it all His cxcusv for his licliriviiir
(growing iilfliifliUSb. long lirriirs frriiii lifii'llU.
and All affair) is that lw doesn't want tr) be
the “Daddy” saddli-rl with i'viuyuiw clsc’s
problems. especially \i‘l.uri llt‘ has so ilirllly
of his own. Wu this. but it

wants in be able lU identify with the lliflii
ririw drill the nuvcliy rif (.‘liiiu'si' suns is
gnricl l’c’rliiips flwy Wrtlif lllUlL' wusivrri
culture-oriented plots Thu Urmgun prir
vidcs flicsu clcriiviris. but lacks the out tillfl
nui brutality of lllL’ kiiiig fu L’DIL‘S iii the viirly
seventies.

It iilSii lacks. plnl. writing. nciirig rind diruc-
llUll.

Uiilikc iliusc Hung Kniig-prrrilucud chirp»
Sockiu rnrivivs. 'I‘Iu' Ocrugmi's lilillllrll .irts
flrivnring is tli'ipr'illUSL‘. not (Tlrirruw (‘lriri'k
Norris pluys riri AlliL‘I'iL‘itii misml by .r
.lzipriiiusr' Lirtis’l, rillll [mined in
krirrrfc llis falling out i .r lll‘i .Jrrprrrii'w
luster brritliur' river rill lli'llllilillr sword makes
the UN!) young ini'ri fillil’liil L‘lii‘liiliJH This is
supposed ll) rirfrl hillilt' i‘llllllllillill ri'iisiurr ll)
llli‘ll illllil
rlil])i|ll(“ai' liiirilii'r's irniriirig riri'ii'i'iiririi's and
ill silr‘iii

lllitli‘l ‘vlilllll

lllillllrtl

i'rriifliCl ()VL‘I ilii- t‘llllilfli'li‘il
li‘iiiriisls lll llii' itlil'll'lll Illlllll illl

.issnssrirrirriiir lt ilrri'srr'l ll lliri‘ﬁ lllril(L’ Ilii'
riliii llrilll ii, frillirw, irriil .illiiws frir riiiiiieriiii
Niiiirs’
llii’llllrilllili‘i .iiril irri'rirnl iriirirrilrii's l"lfrru
rirllfif irrii. .‘wlii‘lrri, llll,‘ lrrnllii'r“ iii/fill,” I IV“

Mill "'1

i'ilriirliriirilii'i ir\‘4‘l 'lillililllll ill

With my whi i’lilliili rrl rilii' i'iti’vllr'rrili;
annual liirlri ‘vl “lii' rri llli‘ irrul rr'r'l illlll iili iirr
ilrll‘JIlIl iliii |All (llil‘ii'. liiir‘il Irf llii‘ .ir lllill is
winiul rill llll' i'llll irl ilir' Illlil.|l‘ lri Ilri' lili‘iill
llilli’. llri- illlllll‘lil'l' It, frrrr‘url lli |'liilllll’ Slillli'
flflll\‘\\lfll‘1lli\‘llllill‘)liliiliil‘illvl'l hf won in
WHHH (:llili k Nirrrrs in jn'ilirips lllt' wurst .ri'
llil I'Vi' ‘ii'l‘ii in .i li .iri rim in .m /\iiwrii..rrr
lt‘ilflli’l' lilrn dust .is t «id. liiiri wurw. In his
li‘nrliriii liiily. Knrvii (irirlsrrii. \Ulll) plays Ii
I..iiiri-ri lirri'iill iypr- lrl iiiy-itriri/ lriily
(irirgi-iiiis. yils 'l'iilcriir'rl. Wl'll .

lirlkiirg llis srilrid duriiririrls HIilili'llilllg
(:r‘ilktrl “l’fieiffcr.” 'l'lien lllL’ riiiirgiirirrr:
lius in him. claiming it's, butter. A lridy
iii llii‘ iiirxr iriblu crrfliiisinsticnlly uxliils
llll' virtues of "crunclirawy" (frigfrrird
When she trips it Will] ii frirk. he's sure
slirr‘s going to uni ll. but no

12.10pm AflL‘l' this I lorry fiEL‘lS iriii - ill
so he tries ri liiilv plrrpplnpvliu- u.
“1' fuels wrirsi', so lit! tries the over»
i'ffi'clivu "rrrgri-iliviii lri Aiirrclri"
lllill'h nspiriix (if l'OilI'ii‘, so in: inkvh
lwn liriyizr

I ()0 p rrr Mndgu diursn'l gui [)illfl frir
spullirig “‘rrzllef" lifltiiillhc Erlll‘ gets the
 rillil  liiir'lrwniils Arivwriy, flint
wri-iri't wlrrit slw was supposed to sliy

Aspects on Tuesday

 

doesn't quite ring true. He sees his wife. Sue
Ann, as a nag. but we don‘t since we know
what motivates her. It is not unreasonable of
her to be upset when her husband suddenly
brings home a $40,000 Porsche. Her sexual
appetite and constant orgasm (or as she calls
them “blngos") count are all part of her in-
security; she knows that her husband is at an
age when many men wander and she wants
to make sure he has no reason to.

Bobby Lee and Sue Ann aren't the only
people in this film going through a stage of
transition. His parents are in their sixties and
trying to cope with retirement and his son is
18 and on his way to college. They are all in
a state of conflict and find It difficult to turn to
anyone else. The family ls literally falling
apart and none of them know how to save it.
The film ends on a note of cautious opv
tlmlsrn: the family has weathered this storm.
but then: are a number of deliberately un-
solved problems left to threaten iiir'ni.

Middle Age Crazy is being advertised as a
comedy and l think that's unfortunate. Don't
get me wrong. this is a very funny movie —
one of fill: fuliiilL’Sl so far this year - - but it
also deals wiili a serious theme in ii serious
mariner. Funny as the film is. it doesn't have
in take cheap shuts al its middle aged. upper
middle class subjects. Near the beginning.
Trent stages dll almost perfect recreation of n
typical suburban birthday party. The pnr~
llClpiiiilS all liiiik ii little silly rind siiy things

For 0:

llliillldl ails lilrii friiis rliiii'r

guru-rally (my much about such trivia Tliv

()l criuisv

question is how much ricliirn is than, nrid
how well is it rlrinv. | wriulclrr'i lry to deny
iliiir (‘liirr‘k Norris is tlyniinlllt.‘ frilmirsl lilci‘rrl
ly) in .i figlii scene. If I did. he might kill my

Eric Krirsrrri's direction iii some degree cripv
plus him This is cxriclly the sun of stuff my
kiing iii/karmi- fan has seen llUltii’U NI) new
ground is broken. Bruce Lee. wlm
Clllin‘iighllllli‘lf his own figlii scum-5 nlwriys
Wi‘ltl illlll iriiiil tn dir suriiuiliiiig iivw Wi-ry
liliii ‘l‘llt‘lt’ \viiiilrl rilwriys llL‘ iii li‘riHl (HIV iiuw
siurii l‘\’i‘l\.ii)llt' iviriild talk about for Ii wliilc.
liliv llii' lliiiiy nf rriuirrlliiiiisi' kicks lii' firilsli

ml nil (llilli‘k Niiiiis willi ill Way ii] rlri-
[hugrnri (krirrivii rri tlw U 5 «is Ii’i-tirni ri/ilii'
f)lil_llrilll Niiriis rust kiiriiks ilii'm down as
([llli lily as ilii-y rump liiiri. irrirl lii'Vl'I iviirks
up .i NWUrII riiitil llil' first si‘i'rrr' Miist Ill ilii'
.ri liiiri rlrii'sri'l llilVl‘ llltll ririii lr flilll. wlrliriii
H’illll/ \I‘i'lii‘i [)rillillll rilill iii'vvr gir'iri'irili's
|ii|l( lr li‘ill ni i'Xillt'illl'lil

Wrilr lrrriii ‘I'ln' flrriiyruri. l fl‘ll .r l \lillr||\ iw
irrrir' ill Illi‘ililllllil flil Ilrr‘ wrirkt lllii‘il ‘uitll‘illi
rrl llli' 'll|l( llllli”r| liiiriii lil flllll‘i Ar linisl. sil
.‘ il‘r ll xvii-r. lliill \lliilt'lltl‘ llrill ‘riiVilql‘H/ Vllrr'
l.i‘i‘l
l’lri'iv ‘.Vrt‘r r'rriiiiiiiii iii lllrll
rirrilririii i'lw I‘rsls ii! l'Illit‘. 'I'lri' (.‘lrrrii'nr'
Iilr'ilrrrriri illlll l'ri/i' I'Irigr'rs. Hf f)l‘ilffl Wi'ii'
ilri‘ pirrik rm k of film Vliill‘llil‘ Lurking ii‘r
llll‘U \Ul‘li' iii iriii'riirrrii irr llli‘liili/ i'xi (’lllflllJ‘.
[lll'l/ riisiillr'il irrirl syiiilii'sI/i'd piliirril fury
Norris. wlrrr lunka like an aging (‘nlifirriiiri
lili‘girrirrl, IH llt'VL‘l’ frigliiurriiig lli"s my kind
rif guy Wllli rliii'srr't drink. siririkri, in do
dripu llr- lrrrs siix only rirrdrer dun-st. llc's
iriipussililu in by nlrrrid ril. Tliﬂn‘ is never

lii'iriw. li’Hlii’llrlllU wwii' rrii'rriiiirrir

viiiIi'Iri‘i'. if

mid n roll of Tunis fell our of her
piri'kcfliriiik WlillL’ She wris spelling.

p in. Harry pops it stick of
sirgrirliess gum in lilS mriufli bilCilliSt.‘
liv's llL‘iIHl flint "Four out of five derr-
ilsls survr-ycd rccomriiririrl sugnrless
gum for their patients who drew
gum." TliL' dcriiisis (lidii'i specifically
rucriniiriirrirl 'l'rldunf. so licl chews

2.00

Durilync.

p.rn. After dinnur. linrry and
Miidgc sit down for an evening of fun
rillll uritcririlrimunl. No, they don't
watch TV. A camera crew nrrlvus iri
flliir viiinriiurclnls. First. Hurry lells
Mrirlgu liiz pri’firrs stuffing iri plrlilfﬂC‘i
l-lc Illtcs ice crurim butter llliln clllii'i,

7‘00

 

At Its Best

that are a little cliche and corny, but they are
also touching In a very real way. These are
people who still believe in honoring friends
and showing them that you care. They are
what is commonly known as the heartland of
America. but with none of the negative con-
notations. ln the midst of all the foolishness
comes Sue Ann's unembarrassed vow of
love. the father's presentment of a watch he
feels his 40-year-old son is finally old enough
to Care for, and Bobby Lee’s tearful accep-
tance of it all. These are moving details that
increase both our respect for and liking of the
characters. Also helping in this are the ex-
cellent performances of Bruce Dern and
Ann-Margret. Dern has finally been given a
role of substance and he gives one of his
finest performances as a man who, unlike
the character he played ln Smile, has not yet
learned to “expect a little less out of life".
Ann-Margret matches him every step of the
way and proves that she may end up being a
fine dramatic actress after all.

This is a movie that is able to lake the
cliches inherent in its storyline and make
lliL’iii real. The specifics may be different (not
everyone can afford a Porsche or have ac-
cess to a Dallas Cowboy cheerleader). but
Bobby Lee rind Sue Ann represent a lot of
Americans. Perlirips Middle Age Crazy's
strung prriiit is that it lakes ordinary people,
puts illUlii in an ordinary situation. and
iriiikcs llii’rii iliicri'sfiiig

  

Exit Lee as the master. His disciples
have ﬂunked out.

 

irrrgi'r iii lll‘i lti‘xlilliil iilll rilifl liL’ lli‘VL‘r strikes
ilii' first l'lUV.‘ llrv's. ilir- ligliir'i wlrrr's hung up
his lllUVt’N. .rrirl «irrlv firilm llil lllL‘ Wririliiusi
llv's Siipurrirrin

.iirw ili’ inrr'l lilllllrili

iirrliuiii llii' «app

[ind .i~ II In. Willi'h l.|‘|i]ll (:liilplllilli iiHLl
l’rllil llilllUK/Ulllllb gl‘t’iil
filllllli“rl llii\’|‘ script which
rli'srii'riili-li/ wants lri l|‘ll it sliiry. 'l'lic iild
llliiillrll rill‘» films \vr‘rt' rilwriys and simply
riliirlll ll'Vi’lIHl' liilt‘lliiifliiliiil intrigue, aging
irrirrfiglirr'rs .rrrrl ilw lil<i3 wcrci'l part ofth
iii-irri' I.rirr-r llii' Drum-ii. which introduced
siir lr iilurriirirls. W()lll(l llerL’ been the beginn-
ing iif llli' end llr'ltl ii not bui'ii Bruce Lee‘s
inst film. The gun“! was never meant for the
llliilli‘rllilitlil. Tllt' Octagon is not violent
enough for IliL' genre that spawned ii. and
nut good enough for iinyllillig else.

Arririii frilii‘ iii

Willlr'ri ii

but he doesn't tell her that. Then, ha
tells her he does care about how soft
the toilet paper is.

10:00 DJ". Hurry says that clothes
washed in “defergenbplus” are softer
lliilli those washed in ordinary
dulergeni. “I didn't think he'd notice!"
Madge cxclairns.

 

11:00 pm. Harry and Madge hit the
sack — that is. a firm, comfortable.
king-sire mattress. As Madge switches
off the lamp. she smiles serenely
because she knows her oven is being
cleaned while she sleeps.

—-Wendell Heddon

 

 

lVli’ill\\‘.lllll|'. llriiru'u liiiri'lr siriii'.

[W—ﬂ

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

