   
     
   

 
 

‘ “.4; u-ep’sm

res“: ..‘_ , 

r
i
i
i
i
2.

 

'been salefy predicted that Glass'

bilth before its N! 2859. ll could’ye which ran rampant through his earlier efforts.

 
 

Glass Houses is another step in Billy Joel's

Houses would be certified/ platinum digression onyrlc impact. With the exception

1977. The . m
Stranger. he has "
remained in the
world's musical

spotlight. Radio
stations, record
stores. pro -

rnoters. and fans J K I! A
all wait in thirsty  x g ' .
anticipation of his next undertaking because
no matter which way you slice It. Billy Joel is a
sell-out. He's a professional who has hit the
success formula on the nose. His melodies are
catchy. his lyrics clever and oftimes romantic.
and his voice is smooth. versatile. and Mc-

gartpeyesgue.
Cliff Sloan

in fact. technically there are few valid
criticisms that can be leveled against Billy Joel.
Arid when valid criticisms fail. out pop the
overly exploited categorizatiorrs like “new
wave." “pop.” and “punk rock." in Billy's
case. he's in grave danger of lraviirg the lit-
famous "commercial" stamp permanently
engraved on his musicianship. Too often.
however. commercialism and popularity
becorrre snrudged and wrongly intertwined. l
condemn this inept filiirg system for its lack of
precision. accuracy. and descriptivenuss. if
something isrr'i enjoyable. l'd like to know
why. “Corrtrrrercial” jtrst doesn't ctit it as an
explanation. Perhaps a better phrase to
employ concerning the direction Billy Joel has
taken is that he has lrecolrtt‘ jaded lie is no
longer the "Angry Young Man" whose
lyricism reeked of NY. adolescent street
scars. His wrirds don't bite quite as hard as
they used to. or cry with the anguished tor
merit of “Captain Jack." Rather. Billy's taste
has shifted towards “Sillieto” women and “the
spoon up your nose." lfe seems to be drifting
front the fiery passions and asphalt antics

 

oilywood is probably the ultimate l)r.
Frankenstein; they always create from
file monsters that they unleash on the all
too trusting public. Instead of treating one
good film from an otherwise untalcirted direc
tor as a pleasantly surprising freak. they forget
the past and start treating hirri as if he were
gniar Bergman. They begin giving him pro

acts that reguire talent and imagination arid
Mark Rossrer

since he used up both those qualifies making
his one good movie. these resultirg projects
are usually errtbarrassing The latest of these
creations is Herb Ross, former schlock irraster
of the annual Neil Simon movie and play. The

 

mistake Hollywood made in Ross' case was
not in giving him wok. but in taking inn.
Seriously. On the Simon projeris he was
nothing but an instrurr.eor a mm, 'J.lifr way»
there to record all of Stun " . tLZHflts. but
their lit? had to go make

which clearly LlL'fitii‘tl his loin; stipiw mi

   

 

'IurnJrg III/rm

"artistic vision." Turning Point walk, in! a bad
movie. it Was well-tirade. il dealt with a
telatit‘vh/ sophistit tried tlierrie relatively in
tellrgcntly (that may he oversiating tl. but it was
certainly above the sitcom lcvol mentality of
most of Ross's work). itrid it was able to riiiite
the two ritediums of dance and filirr beautiful-
ly, but it was not the artistic achievement of the
decade. l'm not sure if Ross is aware of that

 

last factor however, because with Nijirisky we
see the demise of Herb Ross: movie director
and the emergence of Herbert Ross: serious
filmmaker.

Maybe this "artistic" phase of Ross's will be
shortlived (after all he did direct the new Neil
Simon play on Broadway). l certainly hope
so. because thinsky Is one of the most stupify‘
irig movie experiences We had in a good two
years. i sensed trouble when the first ten

 

jand spewed in awesome proportions on radio of "Close to the Borderline." a powerful.
stations throughout the country. Since the guitar-driven cut that transmits the heat of
release of Billy Joel's billion dollar baby of summer ‘77 in N.Y.C..

— Blackout, heat-

waue, .44-calibre homicide, The bums drop
' dead and dogs go road In packs on the West
Side. B.J.'s lyrics are generally light and

   
         

, M  , ..
vague. They'll never perk up your ears arid
make you say. "Hey. he could be singing
about me." Rather. Billy sings romanticized
French through “C'etaii Toi." a laid back
serenade. aiul meets women “in the bar, at
the l’laxa llotel,"

Nowhere are the fiyweiglrt lyrics displayed
more blatantly than on the LP's two most
popular tracks. "You May Be Right" and “it's
Still lioclt and Roll To Me." Friday night I
crrrslrurl your party. Sulurrlny fsaid I'm sorry

I runs only fruiting fun. Wasn't hurting
trnyont'. And we all enjoyed the weekend for
o clirrngr'. he sings smoothly on "You May Be
Right" Yoti cart learn the words. sing with
them. dance to them. litit don't bother lliliik-
trig about lllt'ilt They're simply trot worth tlte
uffort arid they tvon't hold your interest.
l’erlraps Billy sums it rip best on “it's Still Rock
and Roll To Me.“ when he sings. the some old
scene , . . Aunt-ti at your uticrage teen. Tire
lyricism is indeed average. bland. and open to
anyone who cares to lend it air ear.

1 ' I’lijinsky Fal

minutes. which the ads. in huge letters. claim
will shock me. turned (rill to be nothing more
than the revealing of a well known historical
fact wlriclt l was aware of before the movie
was even made. that the two leading
characters. Sergei Draghiley (Alan Bates) and
his protege Nijiirsky (George De La Pena). are
gay. ((‘iASl’! HORRORS!) CAN YOU
Blil .liiVli l'l' li'l'l llillll'ﬂ) Nor is the rnattrrer in
wlrrclr it's revealed shocking. Wi.’ don't see full
frontal nudity and countless roirrps under the
covers. twice the two men kiss on the lips
through a handkerchief (Nijiitsky is sick and
has ger'rns which for reasons that are never ex
plored bother Diaglrilcv). that's all. i began to
worry about the iiit.‘irt.ilitv of people who
found two men kissiirg shocking (incidcntly
alter the "shock" l was not overwhelmed by

 

 

“Art is good for the soul and
must he suffered tieriuglr?"

 

 

the hermit, of the lililii-ili t-inoiioiiseiiliur). and
my fmns llliilt‘rl out to be right The movie's
jittrlilrfiil‘i arr- itttiiit't’tili‘v. btit the “trial driiiirig
ing set-ins to be the "writnis" iilltllitlt‘ Ross
takes toward his snbjer t. He seems so deter»
mined not to make the filirr exploitative that in
stead it becomes dull and umbelievabie and
the two inert become stereotyped prissy fag
gots. Ross obviously wants to avoid the pro
bletns faced by Cruising and Windows so after
those first shocking morrrerits he tries to skirt
the issue of homosexuality despite the fact that
it's the key element of Hugh Wheeler's tedious
screenplay. There are dozens of longing looks
and lots of talk. but that's the extent of the
relationship — we get no sense of love or even
passion. That is part of Nijtrrsky's problem. it

   
 

Musically. Glass Houses represents a major
shift in direction for Billy Joel. The celebrated
“Piano Man" has taken the ivory keys out of
the spotlight. Steve Kahn. who played guitars
on 52nd Street and The Stranger. was replac-
ed on Glass Houses by the rhythm and lead
guitars of Russell Javors and David Brown
respectively, As a result. it is the guitar that
takes stage center while the other instruments.
including B.J.'s often electric piano. revert to
a supportive. accentuating role. While this

"‘

 

seems to detract from the refined. sensitive
aura inherently created by a piano in the
forefront lie. "New York State of Mind" and
“Vienna"). it nevertheless makes for some
good high energy music. the best of which sur-
faces in "Sometimes A Fantasy" and “Close to
the Borderline."

Even further in the forefront. however. are
B..l.'s vocals. They're iii command and glide
effectively from rockers. to light airy numbers.
to sensuous. courting tunes. There is little
doubt that Billy Joel is a master of lyrical the
lion. He knows exactly wltat to emphasize.
when to play it up. and how to cool it down,
Coupled with catchy melodies arid the pro
ductiorr expertise of Phil Ranroire. Joel's vocal
flare forms a smooth. cohesive sound that cart
make even the most insignificant lyrics sound
dynamic. He's got the formula down pat dtitl
the result is an alburrr full of songs capable of
being released as singles. ery “You May Be
Right“ was chosen is still one big mystery to
rrre.

Glass Houses is rroi Billy Joel's best record
In fact. I never really imagined myself enjoying
an album of singles. Yet somehow, every third
or fourth day. Glass Houses sneaks around
Costello. slides tinder Bowie. and makes its

 

 

 

\ .4
way onto my turntable. But nririd you. it only
streaks and slides. By no means did it jump to
' the top of my list or yell “Play Me" everytimel
passed the stereo. as did other favorites. Glass
l'fuus'es is a generally light arid enjoyable
record to have around. An essential it is trot.-

 

Its Face

lacks any kind of feeling -v it's told with text
book sterility arid the cowardly (though i inr-
agine Ross and Wheeler wuuid call it tasteful)
view of the protagonists sexual preference is
only part of the difficulty.

Adding to this coldly historical approach is
Ross" enormously irritating habit of putting
time and place titles at lliL' bcginrring of each
scene. i assume this is meant to give the filiir
an air of historical accuracy. but since virtually
every scene takes place iii a different locale. it
serves only to further disjoint a filiri strongly
lacking in continuity The ballot sequences. so
admirable iir Turning Point. are yet another lti
terriiption here. | adiriit l'nr trot a ballet expert
and l didn't know that irrtrclr about Nijiitsky
before seeing this movie (nor do | feel
enlightened after seeing it) However. i
assume he was a great dancer: Wliy Would
anyone remember him? Apparently i know
more than Ross. since We get no sense of Ni
jinsky's greatness front the dances he shows
us, In fact. after most of the dances. Nijinsky
gets hardy boos. and deservedly so. De La
Petra is a good dartcer. but he is irardly crimr
pelling the way Barisluriltov and Leslie
Browne were in the previous filiri Conse
qiiently. the ballet scenes are as boritrg as the
dramatic ones. As well as being a mess struc-
turally, Hugh Wheeler" "pt is totally lacking
in insight. depth. humor. compassion. or even
decent dialogue: this is the kind of ftlrrr where
you start counting the good lines for the sake
of your sanity (lircideritly after two hours the
number was three).

Technically the film is surprisingly bad.
Douglas Slocombe's cinematography is decent
most of the tiriie. but there are moments when
it looks cheaper than a second rate made-for‘
TV movie. There are times. especially the
scenes between De La Pena and Browne on
the ship. when the score is completely inap~

 

propriate for the action. The costumes are ex-
cellent. but there are just too many of them
and eventually they too lose their effec‘
tivertr'ss. De La Petra may be an adequate
dancer. but he's a lousy actor. He has no idea
what he's doing and overplays most of his
sci-nus horribly. Leslie Browne's innocent act
was well done (though not spectacular) iir Tur-
ning Point. btit here it's out of place. Tire mix»
llii't.‘ of child and woman required for the part
is missing. She gets better as the filirt goes on
and her final scene. when she tries to make
herself a martyr for the man she loves (sorry.
lirit women don't come off too well in this ony
either ~ so what else is new?). is actually quite
well done. Browne is trying to establish an ac»
ting career. so here she has taken a role (as Ni-
jinsky's wile) which requires no dancing. Tire
move is admirable. and probably clever career
wise. but unfortunate since she might have
been able to give some life to llit.‘
choreography. This is orin ltlrowrrc's sumer
movie and she'd bi'itei be careful. she has llil'
kind of personality that could easily be turned
iiiltt tilltllllUl Talia Shire. slic rcsists it lit'i'i‘ r||l(l
llropu sht' :. able to lit the future onc Talia
Show is more than enough .iatiet Suzinair i-
pleasant in an iill'ltiti brief appearance as
Browne's tirotlrei‘, but it is Alan Bates as
Diagltiley who is really able to list' above the
irratt't'ial. He gives a :tciisitivv. well controlled
performance and tries to resist the leering
ldlosyncracius built into the clrar'actcr. Bates
alone cannot make the movie worth sitting
through. but at least he provides an interesting
part of the screen to cling to when you feel
yourself about to doze. Nijinslty is the kind of
movie people who feel art is good for the soul
and must be suffered through will love. i irate
to be the one to tell them that all Herb. excuse
me Herbert. Ross is willing to supply is the sul-
fering. For the art they'll have to go
somewhere else.

  

Aspects

Aspects

     

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 «qu? c.v,mum.s.iwx._ .

 

 

 

l're moral outrage which has greeted Little
Darlings in sonre corners is both amusing

and mystifying. Perhaps it‘s just time for
rrtoral tastes to take a swing to the rigiu
though it seems silly to get bent out of shape
over this movie. which if no great masterpiece.
is certaiirl air innocuous entertainment

Jim Dixon

Little Darlings is a summer canrp movie.
with token raunchy lrurtror thrown in to ber
the scripts sentimental core. The situation this
produces is not dissimilar to last summer's
Meatballs. lit the end we won't take it serious
ly. arid we won't be shocked So as both an
Animal I’lousevesqrre
outrageousrrcss and as air expose the ftlttr
fails. You can't hate it though.

There is nothing all that implausible iii the
premise of iwu girls from divergent
backgrounds entering iirto a wager on who
cart lose their virginity first. (At least Kimi Peck
and Dalene Young. the young writers of thr-
screenplay. seem to feel it's believable
enough.) in fact there is sortie shred of
plausibility to most of the incidents iii the flllii.
taken separately. it's having to take them all
together that stretches our credulity.

Kristy McNicerl plays the rtrairi character. a
poor girl who probably couldn't afford to be at
the camp in the first place. though Tatum
()'Neal receives top billing. These two. ostenr
sibly the only virgins in their cabin. are pitted in
the wager by a bitchy yoring model who tends
to wear things like shocking pink hot pants. on
nature hikes. McNicliol and O'Neal L‘tit'li
choose a target and try to seduce liiin
Mchclrol sensibly picks a boy her own age

ﬁHJitiania
Was

knewl was a marked irratr about two moir-
tlts ago. it was a Wednesday afternoon arid
lwas up on the podium with sortie friends.
i went to check cashing and stood at the back
of a twenty person litre. Patiently. i wrote iir all
the iirforrriation on the check and waited, i
finally reached the window and handed rrry
clteck and LO. to the lady on the other side.

She was looking things over when i started to
Rob Edeistein

feel uneasy. The door of the cash register
opened and i could feel myself starting to
fidget. The lady handed me my money arid
ll). when all of a sudden -»~ the alarrrt went
off. 2:55pm. . . .2255ll1tve off’:()0l l stuffed
the money and fl), iirto my pocket. pushed
my way between a few people and ran out in
to the crowd. They were already starting to
congregate in the TV. lounge and as i ran
down the steps (twu at a time) i was trying to
Summon all the strength in my legs. I flew out
tire door and ran toward liidiarr Quad. “Four
minutes." I said to myself. "Well. it should ire
enough tirrre. Hey. isn't my watch a little
slow?" I quickened trry pace Luckily. the side
door to Cayuga was open. and I rushed up
the stairs. opened my suite door. threw down
my coat and books. ran into the next room.

 

 

exercise in

 

    

\

“Love in the afternoon

(I I.

 

pin-vu—g

Sound & Vision '

r

from the camp across the river (Matt Dillon).
while O'Neal chases a French teacher who's
working the summer as a counselor (Armand
Assairtel

Most of the story centers on these two
related encounters. with drgressions for the
obligatory food figltt. and other basically
unrelated. btit ftrrr moments of adolescent
rrrayhenr The real problem is not how grotes
que or irnnroial all this is. birt how predictalrlc
it becomes after a while The romantic tiys‘is
are actually handled wrtlr remarkable sensttn'i

.‘aq 

 

4 A .r a f '-
Tlrc little darlings (Kristy McNtclro/und 'l'trtrtm O'Neril} and Ali McGraw ’-

y.
The only really interesting aspect of the
story. though. concerns the women's rather
callous illllllltlt‘ towards the men they're using
This reverse st’xisitr makes for lllt' onlr.‘ original
avenue tlrc movu- t‘slrlriit's

Essentially. l.itiic Darlings is a formula film,
trite in which the ending will be 1 Ivar to many
viewers onlv triotrrt'lils rilli'i It stints
Nonetheless. t'oiirputt'rri tliit-ttioir by Ronald
l‘- Maxwell, who lit‘lt' makes his feature frliii
tlt’lilil. tlllll good .rctriig lilrlii .rll lllt' prnrcrplr'

and dove into the rocking chair. just irt time to
see Annie Logan inaterialire btitinti the rrtairr
desk. There's Jeff and wait here comes due
with some flowers and . thank God I made
it in time!
—---_-
“General Hospital. inan' I'm not talking
about arrytlriirg. l'in talking (icncrtrl I Iospiiul."
my frequently Ieaious
luiiclr iillU tifft’llltitiii last

declared Russ -
suiteinate I over
semester.

"What‘s tlrts with (lt'ttr'titl llosprtol all of a
sudden?" i asked

“Well. it's just that (lcncrol Hospital is
like . . . well. it's like life. man, it's like life!"
replied Russ with a frail kidding. ltalf \t‘lllitis
smile on his f'ice

“Life. huh' i said

“Yeah.”

"What's so great about (Surrt'rtrl llrrsjitiril',’"l
askud tti arnazctirviit "i thought only down
corroded his mind with that idiot y "

.lasoir laughed. and fixvd lns t'yt's on lth
tirost it’t't'iil t'titin‘tl littss thought for .r so
coirtl and their route up With the answer to my

 

 

question

"Well. it's got i irke "

“Luke, yeah Luke All right Lukc'" inter
i‘llplt'll l)eblriu with an t-irtlnisrastit girrr and

love in her eyes

 

" on General ' Hospital.

'I'wo Fol-"I'he Treadmill- 

performers. most notably Kristy McNichol.
keep the movie out of the mire it could have ‘
sunk into Not that this is a really good movie. ‘
much less a memorable one. It's just not bad.
and very hard to really dislike.

Sidney Lrimet's new filiri. Just Tell Me erat
You Want. has essentially the opposite pro»
biem. '

Just Tell Mu What—You Wrrirl is on the sur-
face a formula film: a sophisticated rottianiic
comedy about the rich. However. tlte film ac-
tually ' veic ltt\‘ithL’Ll iir observing people sell

‘7

 

  
 
   

three girls who
sell out
out for whateva prices individuals go for on
the open market Some of tirelprnnis it raises
are rather disturbing This being the case. it
Would noiiirolly lie the pltrct' of a t ritic to .ip
platitl the liliii l|ll rising above criirvt'tttitrttality
This isn't the raw Just 'l'i'll Mr' Whtrt You
Want isn't quite good enough to carry off the
riiasqrn'radr' It is a contentional film. it just
happens to how an oil beat tlrrvme The film
does uxtitily what's expected of it. plot wise
We can set' Ali Mcfirttw leaving lir't riclr ty
coon lover (Allan lxitiitl. long lu-ltirt' site does.

A Teenage Soap Add:

"Who's Luke?" l inquired. searching for the
trtrtlr

"Well. lit‘ raped l.trtiltt

"l lt".‘- .‘i itipist'"

"Yeah "

“A rapist is (itttl""

“We . it wasn't really tape
wanted it Site it-ally llr\'t“~ liliii. birt she also
loves Sctrtty. tillli‘thlli Luke's a lot toolcr and
Scotty's gonna llit non anyway. but Luke's
supposed to [lit after killing Mitch. but who
knows what's gonna happen "

l later learned that Russ had become a CH
addict only a \vut-k before After instilling
down one too many titties for watrlrrng the
watch

l..itna i‘colly

program, Russ rt-t uived .lasoir's deal
(it‘lit‘ltll Ifosprtul for three days and see if
you're lititrkt'tl tn lliil. Nut'tllt'ss iii say. Russ
toolt llIt' tust tilltl at lTill) l‘iitlriy aftciirorr. he
cxr'lorirrt'tl. "That's it'?’ They can't end it now!
llairrir. l'vu gtitfa watch on Monday," it was
that way with the rest rrf its. although my ma

jor concern at first was with Luke Upon fni

view lit‘ tlitltt'l appear to bc lllt‘ superstar lliiil
uvr'iyoiru was making lrrrtr out to be. but after
a few days i started to understand the titlinc

iiori ()rru toultl new the look til lli\.'|' ttr his eye
that was meant only for Lorna. and the biting
exterior \Ulilf'li acted as a defense iirvt'liaiiisirr
to intruders. of all sorts lwrts intrigued by the
clrarot lt‘i. itiairily lit-cruise of llil‘ paradox lit'
treated betwuerr his "loner" side and his
"scatt it for lovu" side. and also because of /\ii

tlioriy (ivory's est ellt'irt portrayal of him

Soon I began to learn about all tlit' other
r'lrtnartuis on fit'tit'rttf Ifosjrritrl. as \vcll as
then irritiipltit ties Rick and Leslie. Rick and
Moiiita. Moirit a and Alan, Mitch and Susan,
Milt lI and Tracy and a score of oiliur‘. but
one of the bust iliiiigs about the people till this
soup (and l'm :slttL‘ nil soaps) is that anything
cart happen to them. and stiiitctlrrrrg lrtg ll‘rlizil

ly dons.

' There are fiilt tin of "life" at work lir’it' l'll'rl.
there's the student". lift‘. Wltitli ranges from
being slightly interested in. to being ttitally
controlled by (it'in’rtrl Hospital. with more fall-
ing into the latter category. lcan only point out
that whenever my rorrnrirtale Steve and i talk
during the show. my suitumntt- Barry ex

claims. “Shut tip. darrrn it.’ (it-nertrl lfospitrrl is
trr-il'iil'ltu irony here is that Barry was Jason's
toughest convert. There‘s also lire girl named
Dl'lrlrie who. .while driving home for vacation

.. -.--.'~.-,t-- ..~

 

 

and we can in turn see the selling-out of her
new husband happen before it does. We can
also see her return to Allan King. and we can
easily predict (especially if we saw the Coming
Attractions) that her price is to have him say
that he loves her.

Unlike Little Darlings. however. the predic-
tability of the script isn't what cripples the
movie. Just Tell Me What You Want isn't all
that well—made a film, Lumet's direction is un-
characteristically weak; a disappointment from
the iirarr who helnred Murder On The Orient
Express. Dog Day Afternoon. and Network.
Allan King is good. irt fact better than l'd ex-
pected. but Jay Preston Allen's script (based
on her own irovel) often leaves him with un-
nranageabiy irokey dialogue. Ali McGraw.
who has never looked ioveiier. Ui'llUiiutlutLl)
forces us to renienrber that it was not her ac-
ting that nrade Louu Story a hit. Further. the
interesting digressions become rather tedious
after a wiriie. and the audience is apt to get
litiger as one more protracted sequence
keeps the film front the ending we know it has

 

 

to have.

There's nothiitg inherently wrong about be-
iitg predictable. btit it's unfair to be inconsistent
or pretentious at the same time. Though it has
pretensions to being a relevant dark comedy
about human nature and the Will to sell out.
Just Tell Me ertri You Want really wants to
bed Neil Simon stript. and the real point is to
have All McGi‘aw lit-at rip Allair Kittg in the
middle of Bergdoif (loorlman's As oneor the
other. the movre iriiglrt have been successful
As both. it is in reality neither. and the paying
viewer might legitimately wonder if he's been

robbed . '

 

  
   

sometimes I think you're
only happy when you're rrriserable. " —Bobbie

"You kltrfu‘) Luke,

said to rne.“l try to pretend that General
Hospital doesn't control my file. i just never
-st:lredtile anything between three arid four.
that's all." Another life force at work here is
the life presented by the soap itself. and the
circumstances surrounding it, Does every
hospital behave like good old General? is
every town like Port Charles? The answers to
these questions are "most probably not" but
one never knows. does one? And what hap-
pens if (God forbid) Luke's contract runs out
and lie quits? Simple question. simple answer
Kill him in Las; Vegas or l’ort (Tlrarlcs no rrrar
.tt-r What's important is not who lIVUS. who
dies. who's on vacation (I but you always
Wriiitll‘tL‘tl wiry someone wasn't on the show
for a week or two at a time) or who gets hurt.
erat irratter.. is how can the sci'iptwriters irr~
corporate the above facts of lilt‘ into a dramatic
script that will keep two hundred students III
the (Tamptrs Center TV lounge on the edge
of their seats for an lrotir a day
lr'an only do this article justice by finishing it
off with what i consider to lH.‘ the biggest
paradox invoivurl. i used to make friri of Jason
for being the only riiumber of the suite who
watched (Jeni-ml I fosprtol. Now i make fun of
Dave for being the only member of the suite
who doesn't .-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

