 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hugh Never Looked So Good

New York State Governor Hugh Carey spoke before
12.000 jeet‘ittg students Friday on “The itnportarrcc of
Quality Education in New York Star

In responding to the students outcries of "Fuck Hugh."
Carey. who misunderstand the cries to tneatt "Luck Hugh"
said. "Thanks l'Ul‘JllL‘ support httt we tteed tttore then lttck
to improve tltis university.” '

Atnotig Carey’s suggestions to eouttteract tlte "niittor ef-
fect ofrny proposed budget trimmings." were “sharing tex»
tbooks. replacing central healing with pot-bellied stove."
and repainting the campus red to “bring a resurgence of the
spirit of the Founding Fathers to Albany.

A small group of Carey supporters patietttly awaited tlte
Governor‘s cottclttdirtg statements lining up itr front of the
mansion carryirtg baskets of legal tender.

“We heard Hugh was requesting studcttts pay art addi-
tional year’s tuitiort after graduating." said Wititlirop
Rocksitiheadet'. a SUNYA student. “and l tltottglit. heck.
why wait till graduation. il' Hugh rteeds ntotrcy. lets give it
to him now."

Senior Bertha Bently concurred. "l was goittg to buy a
car to get to work after I graduate. but after all. if you can't
help out your governor when he needs it. who else will.

 

paqsgnmmxg

In an effort to reduce the incidence of fires itt off~cantpus
apartments. the Albany City Fire Comnfissionct'.  Bear.
nas begttn the issuance of personal fire-Iiydrants to
qualified college students.

Among those first to receive a hydrant was rt stttdettt
ghetto aparttnent on 'l'yrtlc Aventtc. Student Riclt
Highmotu had tltis to say: “it's a good idea. yott know. but
it's so tteavy."

industrious apartment-mates Click Telephone and lrv
llalfondle have fttrtltcr studied the usefulness of the imple-
tnent. "Now we won't have to walk the dog iti winter."
said 'l‘elcphone. “and Mrs. l’ooh will know where the pit

sits."

 

Spring lashltmﬂ, are here.
And slrurl sleeves and bondage are In.

 

Vandalism

has
halted all

>, Colonial
Quad

 elevator

‘

‘\

service
but
one

student

sim ply

refused

to use
the

stairs

 

Crying Over Old Milk

Yotr go to a vending ttiacliittc on State Quad to buysomc
milk. You deposit 90 cents because you lost the first 60
cetits. You take out a rather ltttttpy carton of tnilk. Then
you notice_the expiration date is down as March 27 . . .
l9l6. You begin to winder. “Can UAS do this?" Arid then
you say. “Sure. why not?"

WASP's vending machine correspondent Alati Fl’tlilcﬂtt
discovered this problem last week. While involved iii a
routine investigation of campus vettding machines. Fruit-
can suddenly had incredibly "munchies". He deposited
money itt the tttilk dispenser iti State Quad's Eastman
Tower and noticed tltc lumpy condition of the container.

“l was just about to drink the stttff whctt. geel. l smelled
this horribleodor. And, shit, it was cotnitt' right otit of the
tnilk. And. . .tltcti I look at the date. I see March 27. l st '
that's cool. bttt I look again attd it's Mt 'th 27. l‘)l(i. Can't
we shut down UAS'I” said l’t‘nitcan. apparently shaken by
the irtcidettt.

However, according to UAS General Manager li.
Norbert Zahnt. no federal t'egulat Its ltave been violated.
Zahm said the dates tll‘Kttllly ttsed to provide freshness btit
that milk catt bc kept "forever."

“Mr. Frttitetnt was ovet't'cacting. Vintage tttilk is tltc bcst
beverage yott 'tltl drink. it niay’tastc had. bttt that's a sign
of quality. We've just ordered (it) rttotc crises.

He added jokingly. “‘l‘hct'c's no tisc iti crying over sortr
milk."

 
 

 

  
  
 
  
   
 

Sit on Everything

In response to a sudden growth in student activism.
radicals Jaundiee Fine and Chasing Wertltleim have fortncd
the first official sit-in eotnmittee.

The group. Students Will Act Together (SWAT). will be
responsible for sparking student involvement in a hit tcty of
issues. “Our goal." said Fine. “is to have a sit-in once u
week on anything we cart dig up. We tttust show the
bureaucracy we will not be outdone."

l-‘itte added that the sit-ins will deal with anything from
bad test grades to a professor’s foul breath. Werthleini said
SWAT's Itttljttrgnt'tilcsl will be held 'l‘hursday. “\Vc‘to g...
itig to rally against the l'aet that we had a rally \Vt‘tlllcstluy
arid didn't plan for one Thursday." he said. He added
there may be one on Friday to follow up fhursday's litit,

Wei'tltleint said the group's formation was sparked l1\
former hippy and rebel Jerry Boobin. “l-lc r' 'ally math,- or.
think. We're iiot sure about what. bttt we're going to pro

test that also." he added.

\

 

 

New Fall Course Offerings

 

   
 
 

n all t Aultltv'tt

en: t ill-tultttt
«II t IAIIIAar.ik-ry
ion 1 ntvnlrl

Ito r rsrun ﬁlly clp
110 t uvrn-utt.rut»
619 t trans

«to t sutnikanzss

Htt H

 

nut. Mu t
(it. no. t

I
(nuns: ItlLll

 

 

 

r
Slluluh' ‘
; Honours:
t
I str trc tstun st.
i sit ttn DIAL ltrhlshls "0 ' l”"° "ll"
, 5.. 1,‘ ,.“.. ,..I til i uALLikttst
i sit the ultllh il“ l ""'4“"
A st: 1|| .uno ttt t V‘NIJuAhA r
I st: 151 II III : FlliuAkA|lt
I all rcu thicks ll its ‘10 l ' “l
I stt air it! intentis til i sect nukus‘
|NL i “Grist. 7
|l| lDNthbth’Hlfl
“I.” H: t am. .uustt
‘ it: runAsisitnsrk
Ii] - ruJMeruusli
.i iti tLL tsr~o ritsr “‘ i ’“J‘”‘ l‘
. tts t ulth‘ bulky
i rte r uitgk NR;A
. tlt l Jkllu
. Ill t EaLlnln IIJ‘
. in r nursu pm
, [In t Allhlnlghunlt
‘ 1L5 : Lu
‘ llc : (tutar nus
‘ “t. I": lehKII'lt EDIE“
A LI" tLL . rnurtrssluks ’5” : “l
A six set t uvrrktss ‘16 t (otl|n
I D._ “It . Inkllﬂn kc inc 1 rikccvrus-rkcu
I h'h Ill : (DVPIIV L]
A It!" 1“; I lluLﬁls-Dfl'lllil
A at» nIL : tn t .

 

 

 

 

 

 

SA Prez is Hitting the Big - Time

After struggling for years to get back itt tltc public eye.
l'ot'nict' SA President lisa Newmark has finally gained na-
tionwide sttppott \iith ltct newly released noch

Newtnark‘s IIoic/o ll"t'/i tIIl lz'lt't'lmn ll'iI/trml Real/v 'I'rv»
tin: ltas become “the hottest thittg itr tltc political world."
said publisher Mark liot’kows'ki. of Disnnitcd Press. Inc.
He noted that the book has bcctt grabbed up by potential
student tltnt‘llllltL'lll students. looking for tire “easy wav
in." .
Newmark focuses tier notcl on the ittncr workings ol'stu»
dent politics. "I feel there is a need to stress emphatically
tltc purpose of a student got ctttmcnt. lnet'fcctivencss cart
be a dangerous thing. 'l'ltrtt's the honest truth." quotes
Ncwtnark on the book jacket.

Especially exciting arc the atitobiogt'rtphical sections
dealing with Ncwntark's presidency itt SUNYA from
1979-80. lri art tttticditcrl. two»page chapter. Newtnark gives
art itt-dcpth description of her aecotttplishntents. "it was
the best year of Craig Weittstnck's life." she explains.

I A colorful pictot'al essay provides the reader with a rettl
ltfc view of student polities. While the quality is l'tt/.I.y. the
photographs show cottttttittee cltairs exchanging gossip.

\IL‘e—Dt'csltlclth liotcltitig up computer programs. former
.ltsststant elcctton commission Mitch Davis stuffing ballot
itixcs.

     

; ,9-
,‘"-‘. ' 
15313!  g»...

Newmark looks back over her year as SA prel.
"II/llc'lll't‘ll it wort/(l lie lll_|' /tl.\'I pron/t. “

 

Malina. \wti‘hlo,

St VE

 

KC‘V

‘§OPL0N

I... Histqu
.  .

hlrice last week. the old banners are back up.

 

April Fools Day

Four university studetits were
beatett by city police Friday in what
one professor described as “a horri-
fying resemblance of the Kent State

4 tragedy. just tcrt years ago."

Sergeants Frank Milford. 4’). arid
Carl Littdcl. 46. of Albany's (itlt
precitict. were immediately arrested
and charged with assault after s\\'~
ittging their wooden clttbs irtto a
crowded bnsload of angry students.

63 ttndct'gradttates of Albany
State University were packed inside
a schoolbus stagittg a ‘sit-in' over
the recent dccisioti by the ad
ministration to cut all campus
transportation. The pt‘otcstors

J

   
   

refused to leave the bus until the
new decision was revoked.

All four studettts were sitting on
the backs of their seats when botlt
policentctt began wildly swinging
their clttbs. Steve Richards arid
Carol Hansen. hotlt juniors. stif-
fct‘ed severe concussions wltilc two
freshmen, .lirn butter and Gary
Schwartz. suffered Itcck ittjttrics.
All were reported itt satisfactory
cottditiott at Albany‘s Central
l'lospital.

Friday's incident was the fitntl

AWFULLY STUPID PRESS

Students Beaten, Cops Charged ‘.
In One Hell of A Bus. Sit-In

II '\ ulmtl/ lit/re they ltm/ l/It' err/x In [irolcsf Ii .

event iii a week of dctttonstrations
by students living on the downtown
campus at Albany. It all began last

Monday when sophomore Bruce
Garrison froze to death waiting
over an hour for a bus in sub-zero
temperatures. The incident brought
severe reaction from scores of
students who have been complain-
ing for the past few months about
poor service and overcrowded
buses. Upset over the death of Car-
risott. a few doten students over—
turned a SUNYA bus on Western
Avenue in downtown Albany. while
others were bombarding attotlter
bus oti Washington Avettue with
rocks. SUNYA president Vincent
()‘Leary. iii a surprising decision.
halted all bus transportation bet-
wectt campuses reasoning that. “if
this is ltow educated students wish
to behave. then let them \ralk to
school." The distance between
campuses is approximately three
attd rt ltalf trtilcs. O‘l.cary‘s decision
drew resentment from the Student
Association. wltosc leader resigned.
the catttptts publication. Bus
Liaison Corntniltcc. attd several key
organizations attd committees itt the
capital district.

Mass dertiottstratiotts and walk-
outs followed throughout tlte week.
However. there were no ittjurics utt-
til yesterday when the final bus of
tire sctttestet' ptrllcd up alongside
tltc curb at Western Avcttuc attd
Partridge Street. Hordes of
stttdcnts piled itito the bus carrying
guitars. radtos. pilIoWs. containers
of food arid water. and other
necessities. The driver of the bus
sensed what was about to take place
rtrtd left the bits to call the police.

“I couldn't believe my eyes."

Giant Rats Attack Administrators

 

The Men Were Ice Skating

Michele Rt-al
“i saw my life flashing before ttty
eyes.“ lltis is how HAS (letictal
Manager Norbert Zrtlint described
his harrowing cspct icttcc last night.

as lie and font of his rttlttiinistt’rititc

c'tilHilkt'ls \tcrc attacked by giant
rttts ori SllNi  ice skating link.
"We \\ctc .tll practicing otrt

figtit‘c eight» it hurt thcy ctnttc ottt of
nowhere.“ c\pl.t.'rctl ‘lant Depart-

ttictit Director licntris Stc\ctis.

According to Htmctis. ltc. Kabul.
Affairs. Neil
Director

Dean of Student
lll'tt\\‘lt. arid Residence

.lolirt \Vclty \tctc spending the cvcn~
ing. ice skating to test otrt the newly
filled rink. "We wanted to see if the
fire hose-water would free/e itcll."

said Stevens.

/\t appt‘o\itttatclv ll) p.tit. aftct‘
tblc

r

 

an hour of btttnpy btrt

skating. tltc font tttctt were cori-
fl'ttltlctl by cigltt giant rats. Accor—
ding to Stevens. they were “the
tnost horrible lookittg creatures l've

seen, tiext to SUNYA students."

Lester’s

Attorney .lack
told a ll'.«l.\'l’ tcpot'tct that
has

Recently. SA
1 ester
lie “is ttot .t lanycr. never
been. and lieu-t will he."

“I “islt students \\tl\llti strip cottt»

tllt' to me. I hate my t\\\ll life

\vortv about.

“Just who am I anyway and

\\llt.'lL' do I conic ltotit. . .

"And get out of hcie.
ding me.
'ttI your teeth

     

the rats were demanding tltc cttd
of the persecution of tlicit fellow
rodents iii the downtown dot'tiis.
lltc tlot ms were the recent silt‘ of an
ironsioti of cute bttt :tlllltt)ill_u niicc.
Stmcns arid Welly ptotided traps.
poison. and HAS tnoldy Swiss
cheese to kill titcttt olf.

"(the of the rats gtnblictl the by
my neck and said he would tell tltc
entire school how much tltc rink
really did cost.“ said Stevens. “I
panicked."

litown said the rats were t|llllL‘
hostile and thrcatcncd to cliritittatc
his position by April I. “One said
to rite. “You want to poison living
things? I'll fix yott. lint this!‘ lie
slimcd a UAS grilled cheese sand-
wich irt ttty ttttitttlt. i started to
faint," said “I'OWH.

Zahtn suffered severe shock. and
was nttablc to fetid off two of the
creatures because hypothermia set
in. "l was jttst fro/cit to the spot."

ltc explained.

‘Jest’ure

Stop recor-
lley. l sttcat I'll stie Vrttl

to

 

 

\\’clty. liowc\ct. apparently took
the blame for the situation and pro-
niiscd to stop killing the mice. lle
c\p|:iiticd to the head tat. who
t hunted to be :t member of SA. that
he not onl_\ put at; end to tire
genocide btrt was ptotiding food
for an attn_\ ol tntcc tti the Alden
llall Kitchcn. “We couldn‘t let the
ltl‘ buggers go hungry  said Welly.

After art hour of "sheer torture."
said Brown. the rats disappeared.
He admitted latcr that “the guys
were at a little party at Vince's
(President ()‘1 eary) arid “we pro—
bably had a little too many."

SA Controller Sees The Light

Michele Real
Student Association Controller
Craig Witicsplot has recently
become a "Born Again Politician"

attd. according to many of his
friends and coworkers. a miracle

has taken place.
in tcspottsc to the

cover-up \Vincsplot
organi/ation to rectify wltat he call-
ed his “bad ways.“

“My conscience was so tntiddled.
l critildti't sleep. couldn't eat. nttd
could no longer provide l isa
(Notitark) with an undying
assistance." said Wittesplot.

Winesplot. who joined the group
two weeks ago. claims ltc ltas
already undergone 'ast moral and
personality changes. “I'm a new

   

  

Paglna Tres

   
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
  

 

 

rccettt
disclosure of a massive SA election
jtihtetl tlte

f
, .
,

Last week. students merturucd a bus on Western Avenue.
They were Il/M‘t'l Ut't'l' (lent/r of (1 frozen peer. i
said Lou Brown. who‘s been driv- policemen dragged the two cops out
irtg buses for SUNYA for twelve of the bus. Both men are in jail 
years. "It retrtindcd tire ol' those awaiting trial and are facing :
crazy sixties. I don't kttow what has lawsuits by the families of the four .
gotten ittto these kids. Look. one students.

cvctt handed me a stupid liowcr.”

The police; ed to find the bits
ovet'packed with students singing
arid cltatttittg. Despite the demands
of police. riot one would leave the
htts until their ttltititattttti was trier.
'fhcsc detttamls were that the buses
tttttst I'ltll again ttttdcr better condi-
tiotts titan before. attd l’t'csiderit
()‘lcrtt'y must be fired.

According to police. Sergeant
Milford grabbed a guitar front a
student and smashed it against a
seat. Steve Richards. sittitig nearby.
raised his gttitar tti strike Milford
httt not before Sergeant Lindel
struck him on the head with a clttb.
lioth Milford and l.indcl swung and
hit tltrcc other students before other

<

 

1” x

HAS Director lttlttn gets a surprise
The men were [ll'tlt'flt'llltl I/lt‘ll'jlk'lll't‘ emit/v.

man." he explained as he removed
the tap from the ASP telepltottc

lines.

 

  

According to “Born Agaitt
Politician" Director .let'l' Stain.
Winesplot seemed to be a hopeless

  
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
    
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
   
   
   
  
   
       
   
   

The incident quickly emptied the
husload of students. httt accorditig
to Stewart Weisberg. President of
the Alttttttti Quad Board. there will
be tttore. "We never got to speak
with ()‘l.cary or other ad-
ministrators. The pigs just started
swinging their clubs witltout even a
warttittg. Well. yott don‘t smash art
idea or belief by smashing ltcads.
This certainly will riot ettd the pro—
blem.”

The studenttun Quad Board is
planning to meet with President
O'Leary tomorrow to discuss the
isstte. it is expected that O'Lcary
will reinstate the transportation
system.

 

from the rear.

cause. "I le was thin attd drawrt and
just kept muttering ‘I should have
voted for Sharon Ward.‘_ We
believe lte will actually come
through."

The irttcttsc six-week initiation
program requires immense
participrmt-eoopcration. explained
Stain. New members mttst confess
their past political crimes in fttll.
must undergo extreme shock treut~
tttcttt which includes wrttcltirtg
themselves attd their cronies on
film. arid ctawlitig on the floor of
the ASI’. licking up old lirtc tape.
“it cart be a completely demoraliz-
itig experience." said Stain.

Winesplot. who lttts shown great
progress. has already succeeded in

cpirtilntctl on pagcfonr

   
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
  

   
 

