   
       
 

 

ch")

 

Sound 8:. Vision

 

October 17. 1980 .

  

 

 

yths. stories and rumours accom-
ﬂpanied the Stranglers Sunday
I night, when they took the stage at

formapces and general mayhem Is the
reported norm at Stranglers concerts. Those
reporters are shortslghted.

Ed Pfhka.

The "Men In ﬁlack." Hugh Cornwall-
guitar. J.J. Burnel-bass. Jet Black-drums,
and Dave Greenfield-keyboards, took the
ﬂage and blasted out a set of tight profes-
sional. hI-intenslty music. With apparent.
grim determination. the Stranglers opened
the set with “Shah-Shah a 90-90" and any
Ideas In the audience of seeing just another
punk band were quickly dispersed.

Burnel's Fender Bass blurted through the
speakers with an assortment of chaotic and
typical bass lines. while Black's powerful
drumming. and Greenfield and Cornwall’s
solos and rhythms meshed perfectly to the
English accented lyrics of Cornwall and
Burnel.

Stopping only to let the audience catch its
breath. the Stranglers roiled through such
favorites as "Duchess." “Hangin‘ Around."
"Baroque Bordello." and “in the Sewer."
The unceasing intensity was carried Into a
new song "Just Like Nothing on Earth." and
was also carried into the audience during the
show. After.the final tune “Genetix.” the
Stranglers returned to do “5 Minutes" and
the popular "Raven."

With the crowd cheeritig for more, the

SzhinLtLSIar

fter playing the local club circuit
and dabbling In a number oi dif-
ferent recording ventures for about
four years. Bob Radlifl finally struck a vein of
opportunity last month. Not only did he
release his first solo extended lay record,

Diarmuid Quinn

containing four of his own originals. but he
was also recently notified that his "The Best
Years" was the winning entry in the amateur
easy-listening division of this year's
American Song Festival.

Radliff is a 1976 graduate of Albany
State's music department and since then has
had stints with a number of local bands. Iri-
cluding Opus and. most recently. Nightshift.
He has been writing and performing original
material for quite a while btit didn‘t have a
base for an EP until he got involved In chan-
nels that brought what became the title track
close enough to Stanley Kubrick. Had
Kubrick not chosen to use yet another
classical soundtrack for his film. The Sitin-
ing. Radliff's song could very well have been
the theme.

The fact that It was not chosen led Bob to
decide to release the song on his own. What
appears on the EP is not the original version.

 

 

 

J.B. Scotts. Concert brawls, riot inciting per-'

   

tranglihg

lights came on and the show was over aimost
as suddenly as It had started. But wasn't.
something missing? These are supposed to

 

The tritios

be the bad boys of music. yet the concert
passed with the only possible “Incident” be-
lng audience enlightenment.

Dave Greenfield later explained that the
reputation the band now carries Is practically
all due to media sensationalism.

The Stranglers pre-date the punk move-
ment as a pub band. Swept Into the punk
label. the band overtly Identified with the
movement. in order to gain exposure.
although they had not changed their music
to accomodate any fads.

Some early Stranglers' lyrics often had ob-
vious sexual connotations. and this was
strictly for shock value. Now the lyrics are
political. but still aim to shock. Why? To get
the audience to think. to react. Greenfield
remarked that the band would rather play to
no audience than to an apathetic one.

Three and one—half years ago the
Stranglers came to America. but neither the
group nor the country was ready. Now the
Stranglers are back. and are touring for ex-
posure. They have live gold albums iii Bri-
tain. and pending is the release of a new
album dealing with ufology (the study of
U.F.O.'s). With the punk movement warr-
ing. Greenfield stated that Stranglers were

i never punks. and that “new wave" was iii-
vented by the press to replace "punk." The
Stranglers are now just back to the basic
music.

The stories of trouble which follow the
Stranglers have been perpetrated by the
press. Too bad these people don't take the
time to look at the truth —— which is that the
Stranglers are not only Intelligent and
talented. but are also quite ready to take on
America. Are you ready? I

adliﬂ: Local Hit

but a somewhat shorter and slightly less or-
chestrated version of the one sent to
Kubrick. However. this version does flaunt
strong harmonies arid Instrumental work.
much of which is done by Ace Parkhurst and
Dave McCarthy. IWo of the other members
of Nightshift who have now also gone on to
pursue Individual writing and recording coni-
mltments.

I recently lrad the pleasure of interviewing
Bob on WCDB and we talked about the
other three cuts on the El’. The song that iii-
stantly jumped out at me was one entitled
"Supply and Demand." Originally written
and played wltlr an electric introduction. the
song now boasts a nice clean acoustic stln't
and solid vocals by Radlifl. with McCarthy
adding strong backing harmonies. According
to Bob it Is the song that appeals quickly to
the college-type audience due to the straight-
forward style and lyrics.

The song on the. lil’ that has received the
most commercial response and critical ac~
claim is a tune called “Saturday Night iii the
Loading Zone." Bob says that this is the one
that he has been most approached about.
and that If a choice lrad to be made as far as
his preference goes. "Loading Zone" would
be the pick. It appears to be the only really
rock ‘n' roll style cut on the HP. and shows

Things
'I'o Do

Shakespeare's
famous Two
Gentlemen of
Verona opens
tonight in the
AC. Shown Is
Doug De Lisle
as Speed.
For
information
about this
week's events
see page 8a.

 

the diversity In his writing capabilities.

The four cuts are all somewhat different in
style. which led me to ask Bob about where
one might find his major influences. as far as
style goes. He says he hears Bruce Springs-
teen coming out in the chord changes. but
there is really no definitive base or style from
which he works. A prime example would be
the song that was the festival winner. "The
Best Years." This was recorded with Val

 

 

Overall, Bob Radlfﬂ' seems to
have come up with a very strong
EP, and without a doubt has the
talent and materlal to back it up.

 

 

Haynes. a member of the area band “The
Units." taking the vocal chores. and it shows
a style that fades into a slightly different
genre than the crtts on the record. Not soun—
ding at all like anything in the Units‘ musical

 

have had a strange penchant for

with
ever

bands dancing keyboard
players since I saw the
Spectals first semester. Well. I wasn't disapr
pointed last Saturday night when the Kings.
a band ‘ from Canada. played the Hulla

Robert Gordon

Baloo. Kcyboardist Sonny Keyes
(appropriate name) was Just as irranractrl as a
performer can get. He was the embodinwnt
of lliL' Kings' perfortiitincc: they tried to
create a party atmosphere and succeeded for
the most part.

The fact that the warm-up band decided
not to show up Irurt the Kings right off the
bat. With only one album under their belts.
the Kings had to stretch their material over
two sets. The first one started off with a tune
called “Love Store." which had Keyes off
and prancing and showed that Dave DIa
mond. the group's bass guitarist and lead
vocalist. was no wooden Indian either. Dia'
mond‘s playing was tight and there was a
nice guitar solo by Ayrnn Zero. who co~

 

 

 

 

sphere. Haynes turns the song into a very
pleasant. mainstream-style cut.

The last song on the EP is a slow one. and
possibly the cleanest. production wise.
“Cracks in the Ice" Is the only tune to feature
Radlifl himself playing all of the lead guitar
tracks. and it really shows off his playing and
writing capabilities as he lays down clean.
melodic. and sound guitar parts. backed by
excellent harmonies.

Overall. Bob Radlifl seems to have come
up with a very strong EP and without a doubt
has the talent and material to back it up (he is
currently doing sessions recording tracks for
his own LP). Bob will fly out to Los Angeles
in November. courtesy of the Song Festival.
to compete with the winner of other
categories for the grand prize. and he also
has a couple of sessions lined up with studio
musicians out there. As he‘ himself says.
however. he‘ll take everything as it comes his
way. and right now it looks as if a little pa-
tience and a little perseverance will go a long

way for Bob Radlifl. O _

writes most of the songs with Diamond.
l‘lii'y segitcd into quicker teiiipo with a time
which had strains of the Stones” "Jumping
Jack l:lt|Sliul1lillL’(l tiridi-ch-ro's gyrittions on
guitar and dancing on stage. “Don't Let Me
Know" featured a nicu rliytlnrr background
by Diamond and drummer Max Styles. as
Keycs banged away on the worlds "The
Beat Goes On" began with a good guitar in-
tro. followed up by Stylcs' drumming. which
eventually became thunderous There was
much more keyboard presence on this one
and Diamonds mention of "liinatics" in the
song suited it quite well.

The Kings their .slippitd right into
"Switchin' to Glide." their patented FM cut.
The time. which is sixties rock blended
heavily with new wave styliiigs. cranked
wildly under Styles' beat and Diamonds
sllglitly whining vocals. The only problen'
was that it didn't last long enough. as they
then went Into "l've Got Two Girlfriends." a
song on an upcoming album which featured
powerful bass runs from Diamond and good
guitar licks from Zero. They also did a dance
number a la Rockertes. which was great to

 

 

 

 

 

 

ctober 17. 1980

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

  

 

   

Sound &

rum—m. .. -a .. ..- .._- W‘s“...

Vision

 

 

Bjﬁgrsweet Allen

rtists seem to be obsessed with their
own minds. They are constantly
trying to take them apart. analyze
them. see how they work and how they dif-
fer from everyone else's. They do this out of
one ance. but also out of fear: the are cori-

Mark Rossier

mitnder pi‘esstrril to product’ gi't‘itlut
and more popular Works and they feel that If
they can understand how IltUII’ mind \voiks.
how they created the last “thing.” it might
help them with tlw next one.

Alfred Hitchcock uncc said he thought
every film Would be his last. and most Lllic‘t”
tors would admit to the same fi‘trr At sonn-
point in their career. usually 4" .r lil‘lt‘ of litiii'
sition..riiariy artists by «Hill Chlilt'NN Ilit‘l!
curiosity about tlietiiselyys and llit’ll Ilit’illlllir
through Him! art Cinema is (Jilti'i'lrtlli, .rrlnp
table to this kind of pro yi't'bvr'ansiv it can tip
pen] to ti multituin of anww siiiiriltrinuouslt
Though it irxisti'd bcfoic. this gi'riry r iiiitt' in
to its own iii the sixties and sitwrrtros with H
1/2 and Lo f)ttfl‘t'~\/fiti. f’t-rsono. turd [inc
for Night. Last year Bob Fossil Iitittlt‘ llils
kiird of film commercially successful with All
That Jazz. and now Woody Allen enters the
field Wlll'l Stardust Memories.

Ever since his decision to iiiitkt.’ "serious"
films back _in 1977 with Annie ifolf. Allen's
filrirs have become increasingly introspc
rive. Interiors was an interesting (‘ltiL’IitiIiIL
exercise with stunning photography. fine rIL
ting. no jokes. and pretentious galore
Manhattan was his first attempt to combine
his “serious artistic themes" and his gift for
humor —-— it Worked relatively well. but some
of the pretentious still remained. Stardust
Memories is closer to Atririr' Hoff iir its cx
perimentation with time. but it LlCillS more
explicitly than any of Allen's filnrs with the
plight of the artist.

This fllni has Its mots iii a numbei of
places. The most obvious influence is
Fellini's 8 1/2 with its mixture of fantasy.

 

 

(lltlewfICVL’ In Time opens with
9 Richard Collier. college playwright.

being presented with air antiqiw
watch by an old woman he's never met Her
only words are “Come back to my." and
she's gone. Eight years later. Collier is a sitc-
cesslul writer vacationing at an old resort

Jim Dixon

hotel. and discovers that the same old
woman was a famous actress who visited the
hotel in 1912. This would be nothing morn

 

 

_ihan an Interesting coincidence had he not

 Hosts Royalty

watch. They finished the set with "Run
Shoes Running" which had Diamond soun-
ding slightly British and featured good in-
terplay between Diamond and Zcro.

"Go Away" opened up the second set It
was tr new wave-sounding tune with a slower
tempo than the rt-st_ol tin.- songs. It also find

 

 

The Kings tried to create a party
(lithosphere and succeeded for
the most part.

 

 

more keyboard presence by Kcyes and more
lidSS/guitar interplay. but it l.‘li(l(’il with .i
deafening guitar riff by Zero The Kings llIt'Il
lWat-In playing new material: "All of the
Rest." which sounded ir littli' liki- (Luv
Ninrian's "Cars". "Don't Let Me Go." which
had a pulsating beat. and "One D-IU Off."
Which bad vitality and a repetitive guitar riff
IW Zero which made me tliitik of Steppi'n
wolf‘s “Magic Carpet Ride."

g

ow Product Fro.

1 ‘ U » . . v‘ ' I ‘
Jessica Harper and Woody Allen. lle
iiiciiioiy. and scenes from films within the
filiir that could well be either. However.
Allyn Fellini's arrogance and self
indulgence (though he possesses more than
enough of his own).

The first half of the first scene co- .5
straight from the beginning of 8 1/ 2 and tlw
sr'Loird lltl” from in Dairy Vito. Allen also
attributes much of the groicsqueness of
Fellini's whores to Hi“ fans who attack the

lack»

hour from all sidr's

references to marry (illit'I'S.
especially lii'rginan. Aiitonioni. .irid
Restittts 'l‘lri'si' references are not Vital to
either llI|' understanding tit enjoyment of tlw
frlirr. but tlri'vii- important because they
lt‘flL‘t'l Alli-it's iniuii'st in his cinematic roots
(on iiitvrust that goes all llit.‘ way back to his
first film, 1900's Toke tiru Money iitid It’tiu),
ley also t'tiitlttlililt' to an elaborate yoke

Thcri' dit’

Time Waits For No Man

Somewhere I

found his own signature in the hotel register
on llll' MIIIIL‘ pagi-

I! you don't lIlU’ fantasy. skip it.
Soirruuthvru fn Titttt.’ is about Colllt't falling in
love with a portrait of the actress and beconr
irig obsessed wttli going brick to 1012 to
meet lit’t (llavmg found his signature on a
page written sixty eight years ago. lw has a
pretty good rdurr he can do it)

Christopher Rcevv. who plays Collier. is
running some risk of being thought of as a
fantasy actor lilllit’i than as just an actor
Still. he gives u good performance as tlw
obsessed playwright. In addition to looking

'l'lri' Kings llIl'iI iliil it rendition of tlw
Bunch lioys' "California Girls." which inov~
ed \Ut’ll. but lost soiiii'tlrtng in the translation
front tlriI slirfi'i music of the sixties to the ltl'W
wavi- ill tln' viglrtii's l\'i'yt'~ lllt’ll birgriii tliili
(mg “I tlri' pit IiI ftoiit of the stage as the band
iypvnti'd “The limit (loos On" and
"Switi lriti' to “Info,” which worked even
better this lliiti' around They r'iuli'd IlIL’ set
with "l’itllViiI‘r.”
ltiunrond itltil 7i-rii but k III lloi‘kottes' forni.
Willi l\'i~yr's falling tt\'|’l lrts ki'ybiirirds. hi the

.i rip roaring song that had

i'iicori'. T\'('\'\‘N lit-gun .i slow bin r'iiiriii_,‘Jtirtt
on Ilw piano. which was won followc- l by
Zero on guitar. in what lllllli‘il out to llL' tlw
last song of llli‘ r'voniiig. Zi'ro took coin
mirml and (ranked on his guitar till tlw
song's L’ll|l

A» Ki‘yt's told tItL' backstagt' rifIt-i tlw
show. “We're fraying rr good tinw. I love the
ilarri‘ing around and the test. which i fool
udds so IIIili'lt to tho stage rrct." Although
tlu'v have some polishing to do before I'd
lillL’ lllt'III as a top flight group. these Kings
can't be dethroned from the class of lll|‘ good

partying bonds. 

     

Allen plays on the critics who will be praising
his hornrnage to Fellini. /\t onv poiiil a critic
asks the Tony Roberts character if tr certain
scene is a “liorirnrngc to llit’ Vincent Price
filiii House of Wm " llc replies "No. we just
stole the ide.‘r."; with that lliil‘ do/ens of
critics began to look for a new angle to
review IlIL' film from. (It is also equally pitssl'
life that Alli-n did indeed rust steal the ideas
to gin, the frliii tlw kind of .ntvlilm quality
that many pitopltI t’lllltllt' with seriousness.
possible. btit not probable)

Stardust fifr'tnuiius also takes its cue from
the hostile rcactioit lltiil givctcd Interiors,
Sandy Bates. the Allen styled ('lltiltlk‘lL‘l"lllei
of the filiir. has just directed his first serious.
ivoik Birth studio hcriils (one of them
beautifully played by l.rlI-tlil|' Newman) and
fans are disappointed They keep telling liitn
lw's tr genius. bttt tlirit llIt'U lllU’tl his “earlier.

better Illilli most of its iir tights. Rl'l'lli’ makes
a good Ittindtilil lcitil .lam' Seymour.
whose role calls for her to by llllll' more
besides gorgeous. turns lIl‘l llilli'tif'llIU'
century actress into a person Willi botli
leads being lilo-able. the audience should
find rooting easy (And think of how beautiful
the children would be)

There has to be some sirspunw. of course,
Christopher l’luinrricr. as June Scyiiiour's
tyrannical and soini'wlirrt mysterious
manager. provides some of it in his deter-
mination to break up their roiirirnce. And
sonic is providin by a kiyploriite-like
weakness (Miller has (in anything from the
pit-swirl. llis trip back in Ititit’ was done
throuin soil-hypnosis. and everything from
the si-Ventics had to by ri-inovwl from the
room wlrurr he did it if lu' sous anything
from the present. the illusion is broken and
he slips back If lw'd only checked his
pockets better .

The story is stock fantasy really. written by
Richard Miitlieson. one of llli‘ lwtter~l<nown
science fiction Wrilt’i‘h from the fifties. Usually
Mirtlrirson writes more liiuror~oriuntcd
novels and stories, such as I Am Legend.
TflL' Incredible Shrinking Mon. and "Born of
Man and Woman." Soiiri-uiircrc In Time.
based on his novel Bid Time fi’clitrn. is a
gentle story. and has a few fairly imaginative
toiiclrys

Some of the best motircuts. though. come
out r . the direction. JQ-‘rltlllll Szwarc. who
directed Jaws 2. and like Steven Spielberg is
a Night Gallery graduate. pays tr great deal
of attention to small details. giving the film a
pleasant unity. Sometimes these are
miniscnle details. such as the print pattern of
the SlIL'L'ib Collier lies on as he starts his llmL‘
rump, matching exactly the pillow his head Is
resting on when he awakens in a chair in
1912.

The llilii’ travel sequence Itself ls done
very simply and very well. devoid of the
tacky and unconvincii‘ig special effects that
jawed similar sequences in other re-

 

. _ ._s __ ,_..__.‘_,_. . ._

" q Genius '

leaves audiences bafﬂed with Stardust Memorleo.

   

IA  . ﬂ;

 

 

  

(tinny films better." But Sandy doesn't want
to make funny movies anymore He see:
pain and suffering all around lrlnr and he
doesn't see how being furrny has any
relevance. This sounds exactly like Allen in
all his post-Annie Hull interviews. He's not
apologizing for Interiors (nor should he have
to. it was not that bad). he's merely explain-
ing it and asking people to give him a chance
to change and maturi-

No matter how many explanations he
gives. however. the first question people iti-
variably ask when a new Allen film comes
out is "Is it funny?" Well lllL’ answvr is yes.
but in a different way than Sleeper and
Bananas. Thosr- films. aird in fact most of the
pie-Annie fluff corrredius. were like UXIEIItl‘
ed nightclub routines with the pliit built
around the tokvs. they were funny. bttt by

continued on [‘tlgt' 80

“00‘

cent time travel movies. such as Titttt.’ After
Time or The Final Cottrrtdoiitu. As Collier
sleeps. we see an old wallpaper pattern try to
appear on the wall and then fade away. Lace
curtains almost appear on the window. and
then finally Collit'r is asleep in a chair. in
1912. in a Victorian hotel room.

By arid large it's very good. Its simple
romantic entertainment is likely to please
most casual moviegoers. My otily complaint
was with the ending. which is a cop»out. and
an unsatisfying one at that. And then there's
the question of the antique watch that started
tlw whole thing. Reeve gets It in the first
scene. Later in the movie. when he's in
1912. he gives it to the woman who will later
give it to him — in her future and his past.

Who liadit first? 0

 

Christopher Reeve,
I Jane Seymour. Ari
antique watch acts
as the focal point in
Somewhere In
Time.

 

 

 

 

.L.-.4...i‘.c.v L- N! n.‘ u 1.. mount I n ‘I.

 

Ln]. .1

it. i. 'J..‘.‘i r. 1.1.2:.

 

'.-lit.'..‘.t¢'duq,-L- .t we 4.\~. AJJ No I.

 

i.

 

 

