 

a.“ .

l j :WORTJTCAﬁSUlES

 

 

I ~ '
Justice Dep. Raps Carter.
WASHINGTON (AP) The Justice Department's inter-
nal investigations unit has criticized President Caner as
‘iremarkably uncooperative” with its inquiry into his
brother .Billy's relationship with Libya, informed
sources said‘ today. The department announced that
Michael E. Shaheen Jr., head of the department’s Of-
fice of Professional Responsibility sent an ihierim report
on his Billy Caner probeto two congressional commit-
tees late Wednesday. The sources. who are familiar with
the report but asked that their names noi be used. said
the president had declined to meet with Shaheen's in-
vestigators on at least three occasions. Caner had pledg-
‘ ed at a news conference on Aug. 4 tb cooperate fully in
all investigations of his brother’s activities.

Iraqis Aim far Abadan / '

BEIRUT (AP) iraq said today its forces were mopping
up iranian resistance on the Khorramshahr-Abadan
highway and on the eastern approaches of Abadan to set
the stage for a final onslaught to take the city of 350,000
Inhabitants which houses one of the world’s largest oil
refineries. Tehran Radio conceded that lraqi artillery
pounded Abadan through the night and into this morn-
ing, killing several people in iran’s besieged city on the
disputed Shatt al-Arab estuary, iraq's only water route
to the Persian Gulf. But lran said its forces were holding
out, that its-jets bombed lraqi positions in the western
part of Khorramshahr and near Abadati and that
revolutionary guards were still stopping tiic lraqis from
crossing the bridge outside Khorramshahr that leads to
the 10-mile highway south to Abadan. The Tehran corti-
mand also claimed squads of Abadan defenders
mounted overnight hit-and-run raids on lraqi forces on
the highway from Abadan to Mashaltr, 50 miles to the
eastnortheast. destroying tanks, armored personnel car-
riers and fuel tankers. The lraqis cut the highway last
week after skirting Khorramshahr and beginning a
gradual encirclcment of Abadan, which once supplied
lran with 60 percent of its domestic oil.

Nevada Inmate Gives Up

CARSON CITY, Nevada (AP) An inmate at Nevada
Maximum Security Prison surrendered today after
holding two nurses hostage in the jailhouse infirtnnry all
- night demanding "a news expose of this whole place," a
corrections official said. Charles Wolff. director of the
prison, said, "it's all over." “As of6:14 PCT this mor-
ning the last of the hostages was removed from the
hospital area and the two nurses and inmates that were
up there are all in good shape and no injuries and

(

 

 

 

, . N
You Have Voting Rights

Be aware that your registration may be challenged at
the polls. Don‘t be initiinidated by the poll inspectors. if
you fulfill the following requirements. you are eligible to
vote in Albany:

——- at least 18 years old

— US. citizen

— N.Y.S. resident

—— lived in Albany (on or off campus) before Oct. 5

— reside at the same address as the one you registered

at

— have not voted in the 1980 election yet

— have given Board of Elections accurate informa

tion

According to the Election Law, you may be required
to take a preliminary oath. This states that “you do
solemnly swear (or affirm) that you will,make true
answers to such questions as may he put to yoti concern-
itig your qualification as a voter.” if asked to, you
slum/d take this onth. if yott refuse, you will not be per-
muted to vote. You may then he asked to respond to
questions pertaining to your right to vote iii Albany.
Upon request.,you should answer these questions. if
you‘refuse to do so, you will not be allowed to vote.
Finally, if the board finds your answers inadequate.
you may persist in your claim to vote. lti this case. the
inspector shall administer the “Qualification Oath.“
This is a repetition of the information which you provid-
ed on your voter registration form. Again, if you are
qualified to register. you should take the oath, upon rc-
qucst. v >
Remember that the city machine is not pleased littti
students have been giveit the right to vote in Albany.
The poll inspectors may try to intimidate this new grottp
of voters. Don't let this happen. Remember, you live itt
Albany and have every rlglit to vote here.

‘ You should contact the Albany County ilourd of .
lrlcctiotts tit 445-759] to be certain tltut you are on the

 

 
 

David. Wayne has been taken into custody." Armed
with a knife, David “Bang Bang" Wayne took the two
' women and a guard hostage late’ Wednesday, said John
Slansky, superintendent of the prison. 'The guard was

released unharmed a few hours later. he said. Seven in- '
mates were in the inﬂnnary with Wayne, but they were '

“just there." Slansky said, and did not appear to be tak-
ing part in the incident. I m t -
Mass. Nuke Was Closed
ROWE, Massachusetts (AP) One day after the Rowe
Yankee nuclear plant re-opened following a nine-month
shutdown. the facility was closed for several hours
Thursday for repairs to a leaky valve. a plant official
said. Plant Superintendent Herb Audio said the plant
was shut down overnight to correct a leaky steam valve
in the turbine control system. The valve was repaired
' and the plant returned to operation about 2 p.m., Audio
said. He said the malfunction was totally unrelated to
the nuclear side of the plant's operation, and that the
leak posed no danger. The Rowe plant re-opened
Wednesday afterbeing shut down since February for
repairs to its turbines. The plant was scheduled to re-
open Saturday. and its early return angered a Western
Massachusetts anti-nuclear group that ﬁled suit last
week to keep the facility closed. Al Giordano,
' spokesman for the group, said the early rc-opcning
showed a "callous disregard" for area residents. The
group's suit has been taken under advisement in Hamp-
shire County Sttperior Court.

 

.,  I Endorses Javits

 

t

 

 

NEW YORK (AP) independent presidential candidate
John Anderson on Thursday endorsed Sen. Jacob K.
Javits and urged him not to withdraw from the race.
Both men are running on the Liberal party line in New
York. Anderson told a news conference at St. Francis

College in Brooklyn that Javits was .“a man who is held

inextreme admiration and a man of excellence." Several
newspapers, including the New York Times, have urged
Javlts to withdraw from the three-way race in order to
free his supporters to vote for Democrat Elizabeth
Holtzman and thus prevent the election of Republican
nominee Alfonse D'Amato. Anderson said that he
could “empathize,” with Javits on the suggestion that
he should withdraw because he's a spoiler but added, “1
think people of this state deserve the opportunity to vote
for Jake Javit_s."

Peking Blast Kills .9

PEKING, China (AP) An explosion that killed nine
people and injured 81 in Peking's central railway station
was caused by a device brought in by an unknown per-
son, the Xinhua news agency said Thursday. The of-
ﬁcial news agency gave on details about the charge or
any hint of a motive. China’s top policeman. Public
Security Minister Zhao Cangbi, was one of the senior
officials who rushed to the scene of the Wednesdav
blast, it said. -

 

 

Halloweenie Teenies ‘.

 

 

 

voting roles utid to determine the location of your poll-
ing place. 4

A new look to the Briefs —- butjust for today, Hallo-
ween! None of those boring lectures, pedantic speakers,
silly marches, ridiculous charity causes, or political an-
nouncements. .iust party. party, party! As Charlie
Brown said after trick or treating, “i gotta rock!" And
he can, at any or all of the fetes listed below. Go! Revell
Do it trpl l)lvicrtatel Get down, get down, get all llte
way down, then get back up again! Gabbn guhba heyl
Yabba dahba dool Hey nonnl no! And 23 skiddooi
And, of course, remember The Great Pumpkin.

Tonight

 

“ a“0
on“ cadet
' ' \\
. ~ c or“
.31. in “‘dm‘ s. We
vat. ‘55 15 “E 5‘ so
cuss,“ "" at a Oswmct
ea“ Pa c “)(m'fz W5
0“ t0“ n
Baltic: lot “‘5‘ % dﬁ‘M‘o
Vtmlt 9“
“mm in the Colonial
. Board Halloween “at? so a and mu“—
CotonlalQ“d m‘ With mixed diurnal costume. “‘25
. . s - taxi
Cafe in ' h“; . “h
tries. Admlﬁs; 50 with neitbCL

C
with either. '

ii'nretiFarflt-ld' i
a " s s ‘
m” ’50" L.m’HrstAnnualiinll
( funniestc ' Hm IV w ‘ uwwnruu’
“mums. . tor best, most" m “10
. oriV'
‘ gtiml,
.
t1
. stonew‘“ ‘
t1 urokm‘ Street W"
. Dunccn“ Sw‘c. ’ '
tyltahowu“ . . . nit; hwnha
Conn " (NC 1 'd ghcg‘m “cw hittdw00d
o“ " n

at the taunt)“ g S J, Dan
wee“ Dove '

beg-lime.“ “

I k . V - a\ i
:idkshﬂp at 8.30. ‘

“not!
Tln- U
, nits“ 1).,
including [0‘81 Hulk;ng
[whim host COS,“ ' p "1er”
. ‘ "it: ', 4 | “I
riflth-

s t ‘ ' » Sc l

I t ()1
lilunlmg"c a! 3i

‘ ' li(

"(ﬂan
gleaming"!de ll
. . ‘ ~10 '0
“who ‘ “Ugo I!
Hi - .
eoslu’" tusslo SII715 a, :00
I“ ' 5 With cot-lim'in
- in)“.

2
Halloween M f“: -\tt'J
rt: L0 ‘idoo pruo 8
an

 

Saturday Night d

  

 

I cﬂofmitli‘n

' .. . H '~ . i.
“i. Lttlien.:d (mm. gum-5
.

as dew “me. A 00
y\ 5:0“ in.. tickets $2. .

a \ch

 

‘01-  ("r-.- r._
.itl, 3350;510": x, :0th .,
Ilbo '- '
tut lll
nu.

 

 

 

mcsL‘yluv ya. v.

'

 

October 31, 1980

CDB Plans Deep may Coverage- 

by Judle Elsenberg

This election night, WCDB 91
PM News will be providing its most
extensive live coverage of presiden-

I tial. senatorial, and congressional

election results _in conjuntion with a
network of fifteen other universities
around the country, WCDB sources
say. I

According to News Director,
Steve Gross, the SA office will serve
as the nerve center- for the 15
universities participating in the
Election ’80 College Radio Net-
work. Prc-taped reports from col-
lege radio siations in such cities as
Atlanta, Georgia. Los Angeles, and
Bbston will be taped and sent to

ﬁanging Its

in a riiorc intensive effort to in-
fortti students about Student
Organizing Project (STOP) and
its purpose. thc‘l'irst quad door—to-
door campaign will begin Sunday
night on Colonial Quad.

“Originally we were going to
have three STOP days for the
whole campus," commented Deb-
bie thlberg, STOP coor-
dinator. “We decided. though. tltal
we would get better results if we

r

KEV

Debbie Withlber . STOP Director
Project redirected.

 

Albany’s

by licth (Iammuratu

it is a stormy night in Schenec-
tady, Rtiinsonkcd darkness clouds
lltc landscape with n swirling mist.
Shadows fading iii and out of the
trees along tiie roadside pliiy tricks
on the mind’s eye. A
motorist, on his way to more comv
l‘ortitig surroundings, notes the eti-
trnnce of Most Holy Rcdccmers
Ccmclcry coming ittto focus. A
figure, that of ti young girl, also
becomes visible. She wcifts a long,
white gown with matching gloves,
and is dripping wet. The motorist

pulls itp beside and asks if she needs-

it ride. She nods. As she get itito the
car. he notices she is carrying a
single red rose.

M
View

=,-______.__._.__—--—----—
She gives him a Stockade ad-

dress, zind falls silent. Despite his
attempts to make conversation. she
does not answer. She sighs deeply
frotti time to titnc, appearing to be
on the verge of tears.

Upon reaching the address, the,

motorist pitlls itito the driveway and
turns off the engine. He gets out

illttl walks around to open the door I

for the silent passenger. She is gone.
All that remains on the scat urc

STOP to Go Quad-to-Quad

    

5 UAS. “This is the first of tnnny

solitary '

wcoa via the toll lines located in
the SA ofﬁce, Gross says.

in addition, he says, WCDB
reporters located in Washington
D.C., Democratic and Republican
Headquarters in New York City
and Albany. and Anderson Capitol
District Headquarters will be calling
in periodically with live reports.

WCDB's report exchange with
other universities is unique, Gross
claims. “1 don’t think its happened
before," he says. _

This year's election coverage is
different from last year, Gross says,
in that this year reports from
Washington and New York City
will be included. Last year WCDB

Game Plan,‘ l

concentrated all of our energies on
one quad at a time."

Colonial Quad will be the ‘pilot'
quad. she said. Key people on Col-
onial have been contacted and were
asked to enlist their support. “The
reaction has been extremely
positive," said S.A. Vice President
Brian Levy. He added that planning
meetings have been taking place
during this week, in order to orient
those people who will he going
door-Io-door on Sunday nigltt
about STOP.

A preliminary meeting will be
ltcld on Sunday evening immediate-
ly following Colonial Quad lioiird.
“This meeting is open to all
students, and everyone is encourag-
ctl to attend," tiddcd Wuhlbcrg.
Final strategy for the door-to-door
carttnitign will be discussed."

STOP’s first project was an
organizing conference held last
Sunday. Students participated iii
Workshops that dealt with student
issues, such as tuition and dorm l'ce
increases, women‘s safety, and
conferences that we will hold. We
are iii the process of establishing
half hour sessions twice a week, iii
order to educate students about
ongoing concerns," Wahlberg said.

 

: ,Albany Student Press

only took reports from Albany and
other areas in New York“ State. '
The College Radio Network will
cost WCDB’s news department ap-
proximately $300.
WCDB‘s student host, Ron
Schildkraut. will coordinate the

I evening's program, along with two

SUNYA political science pro-
fessors, Bruce Miroff and Roman
Hedges. Gross says.

In addition, approximately 7585
people .will be working in WCDB on
election night, Gross says, watching
T.V.. handling AP teletypes.
writing news, and handling the
technical aspects.

The fifteen universities involved
in the college radio network are:
UCLA, Northwestern, University
of Georgia. Drexel University,
Tufts, Brooklyn. New York in-
stitute of Technology, SUNY
Binghamton, Stony Brook and Buf-
falo, R.1.T.. Syracuse. Rutgers,
Ohio, and University of Michigan.

Plant Plans to Plug Tower Leaks~

by Amy Kantor

Repairs to stop water leakage in
lndinti Quztd’s Mohawk Tower. will
begin Monday, according to
SUNYA l’lnnt Department Director
Dennis Stevens.

The 22—story building first began
lcttking in 1973. iirccssivc lcnkugc
reached at prciiiiutii this year wltcn
water from Scptcttibcr rain storms
poured through cracked window
cttcttscmcttls and joints between
concrete wall panels iii the western
wing of the tower. Belongings
situated 111:111' or on window ledges
becnmc sonkcd. Students who stif-
l'ct'cd tittiitngcs were thrown into 1111
uproar when due to :1 lack of funds,
the university could not respond to
their complaints immediately.

SUNYA President Vincent
()'l.cnry wcnt to the New York
State legislature, preparing tin
emergency “Rehabilitation and
Repair Request" hit an ttppcnl for
funding ftom the New York State

‘ legislature. Stevens snid, though.

WCDB News Dlt‘ector Steve Gross ‘
Radio station to offer its most extensive coverage ever.

that if SUNYA did receive

  

Photo: Bah unit-yd

legislative support for the estimated
$240,000 repair. work would still
not begin tiiitil July.

But, according to Stevens, the
State Legislature is not paying the
bill for Mohawk Tower repair.
However, he would not elaborate
oti the source of financial support.
"The important thing is that
Mohawk rower will be repaired,
not who will pay for it." he added.

Scal'folds will be assembled on
Monday. Windows will not be
replaced Inn extensive "long-term"
caulking will take place.

SA ViCC‘i’I‘chltlL‘lll llritin Levy
estimated that tit) percent of the
building will be repaired. As
spokesman for SA. he expressed
satisfaction with the movcttient of
Stevens and the Plant Department
itt dealing with this problem.

The repairs will be performed by
2111 111011 Richtlii-DuSCtl cotitractitig
L'Olllpillly.

lndlun uad’s Mohawk Tower

 

After 7 years, repairs on tap.

Storytellers Keep the Old Ghosts Alive

the wet gloves rind the rose. He
walks slowly back around and gets
into the driver's seat. But he does
tiol turn the key. instead, he gets
back out and walks to tltc door of
the house. A slender, frail woman
answers the bell, and he begins to
tell her what has happened. Sltc
nods iii acknowledgement, and
stops his story Willi it raised hand.
. "1 know," she says sadly. "My
otin daughter was killed at that
spot. Several years ago. and ever
since, on the anniversary of her
death, she tries to cotne back
home."

At least, that‘s how they tell it ill
Sclictiectndy. Albanians have her
standing at Graceland Cemetery
and give her address its Lurk Street,
and still other residents of Schenec-
tudy would have her waiting at St.
l’ttlrick's Cemetery. This liitcltcr tic—
cepts a rout for her shoulders frotn
one of the two men in the car, and it
disappears when she does, otin to
turtt tip draped over her gravestone
iii that same cemetery.

It is an old tale, and it has
counterparts the world over, accor-
ding to Louis C. Jones. author of
Things that Go Bump In The Night
and former teacher at New York
State College For Teachers iii

Albany. better known now its
SUNYA The details vary, depen-
ding upon where you hear it and
front whom, btit the skeleton of the
story (if you'll pardon the expres-
sion) is the some. '

The Albany arc is full of plum-
toms. Some hung out iii churches,

- i ii _
Historic Cherry [1111 Mansion

Things that go bump...

     

others iii houses. still others in bars.
()r at least they used to.

Some say the Historic Cherry Hill
Mansion on Albany's South Pearl
Street is haunted. The story takes us
back to 1827. Van chsselaers lived
there then. as they had since 1787
and did until 1963.

Tltc estate manager. Joltti Whip-
pic. had recently taken oti otic Jesse
Strung its 11 hired hand at the estate.
it so happened that Whipplc’s wife
Elsie (ii cousin of the Van
Rciissclitcrs) took it likitig to Strong
and he to her. According to
curnlot'iitl assistant at Cherry Hill
Mary Crookshank Sullivan. they
passed notes through the mnnsion's
downstairs kitchen. One thing led
to another and Strong decided to
get Elsie's husband oni of the way.
On May 27, he climbed onto the
roof of it woodshed outside‘ an
upstairs bedroom when Whipple
and Abraham Van Rensselner were
conversing. Aiming tliroiiglt the
window. he shot Whipple at point-
blunk range. then leaped to the

ground and escaped down the turn?

pike litili extended into South Pearl
Street.

Charuding as n curious townsper-
son, he joined it quickly growing
crowd scurrying towards the muti—

sion and retitrtied to the scene of
the crime. .Aftcr displaying ap-
propriate horror. lic liittisclf ran to
the coroner, and even went so far its
to serve on the jury of the case, but
was, in the end, discovered and
sentenced to hang.

August 24 was the demise of
Jesse Strung Viii scaffold near the
corner of Eagle and Hudson
Streets. His was the knit public
hanging iii Albany. and drew a
crowd of 39,000 spectators from
near and for.

Some years later, it while robcd
figure was spotted wandering
. around the area. Was it Strung? Or
was it Whipple?

"Strung wrote it long confession
out before he was hanged, and, in
my opinion, that would clear his
soul," offered Crookshunk
Sullivan.

According to the book by Jones,
“...illnlOS| never does the murderer
lpbsthumously return to the scene
of the crime; almost invariably it is
the victim who comes brick...so, the
chances are that it‘s Whipple..."

At any rate, the spirit appeared
less and less frequently once the
South Mall began to be built, and
then scents to have vanished coni-

cantinited on page seven

 

 

 

