 

 

first; 5‘... _ .
Flamin O‘Flim Flam

Richard Lester’s Cuba proves once and for
all that a good director and a talented cast do
not necessarily make a good movie. Nor can
all the fa\ult be laid at the feet of the script.
which In this case really is atrocious. Cuba
which has no excuse to be as bad as It Is, looks
and feels as if the entire crew (director Lester
included) were all suffering from an enormous
communal hangover.

Jim Dixon

Cuba seems designed to hark back to films
like Casablanca. The major ingredients are
there: a decadent but exotic setting, a strong.
silent hero who's a closet romanth, corrupt
villains, revolutionaries. and a woman who's
torn between her dashing husband and her
old lover. Unfortunately, the heroic romance
of Casablanca Is missing in Cuba, as is Its style.

Sean Connery, a star I've always liked,
plays a British (what else?) mercenary hired by
the dying Batista regime to act as a counter-

11 r

 

 

.u RC. - 1.; arm.‘

  

 Student Press

G I’ i S i S
insurgent against Castro‘s revolutionaries. The
woman is played by Brooke Adams, who I’m
also more than a little fond of. Yet the two of
them evoke none 'of the feeling that Bogart
and Bergman did so many years ago. Worse,
we're expected to believe that Brooke Adams
is a thirty year old. ambitious matron who had
an affair with Connery when she was fifteen.
Brooke Adams is a well-preserved twenty-live
if anyone wants my biased View on the matter.

Chris Sarandon, who hasn't gotten a really
good film since Dog Day Afternoon plays the
spoiled brat Brooke Adams has the misfortune
to be married to. His part here, somewhat less
exciting dramatically than Hamlet. gives him
the opportunity to smoke cigars. drink rum
and Coke and get laid. He also gets to pout..
Yet for some inexplicable reason. his wife In-
sists on cleaving to him as if she took her mar-
riage vows seriously. (She'd certainly be the
only one In the film.)

The central dramatic problem is that the
hero of the film Is a mass of contradictions.

   

Lt-

Sean Connery, late of 007 fame. turns up in Batista. Cuba as a mercenary hired

to foil Castro's revolution.

 

r 'uus
or Dart/(Mme. m5 mus/[c fat/R ru
RETURNED to me BAUER SUITE. was at srwvumr mm:

new 1:; . " tr' 1 r ‘ ougrmmr,

      
  
  
  
    

L . .. t
11qu Mlumtwvr WWI urwr rum var! Wit! narnxxr
mu“ m ta/Mll! gugrgutr‘rvm M510! iliAi Bust M
W W" 56 0' -mrur£rrs nérrxrxnv

ABLE ’0 HAD "10de mars WILL GO VIRTUAle W‘I’IDUCEDE.

M0“ “15511145 [W W
WIN THE FIImRE.

(

     
      

5'

“TAND ENTERSILEAVING THE 9:“ ' ﬂ ,7
I DON’T BELIEVE my L I WELL, IF vs DDESN LIX?
I JUST wN'r BELIEVE or Mrs owv Acton”, WE'LL
l’iiAi'MlYOA/E aww HE Mr "AV! r0 Il/Rotv
So survey/1mm, so HIM our.

AKRON/W‘-
DID Milt/ST MY ntAr
HE Ms MAW/Is m
FANTASTIC l'OUR.

    

       
  

       
    
   
   
    

 
 

The Fantastic Four

AFTER HE UNORTHOW DE£ ,
mun-loam “" " 5°“ “W” ooc coutmues osurgauggrts grandam;

ﬂLLEO 41 ll
rpu MAY Asr WIIr wen. we ANSWER
[FMF EWING ms __~. LI.’E5 éstuun nus Door.

“‘1 "AL, rout! CHILDISH
AC nous ARE INEXCU—

     
      
    
   

DOC INDICATES A it "—1.5—
uscr; noon or II REMOTE
.' b I.

      

Up , UR O"'ING
A GROTESOUE FIGURE, CLAD IN It SHODDY-LOOK—
urn surge; BRQNZE-EQLQEEQ Resumes!

THIS SUITIS CON—
STRU! TED OF A BROWE

 

With G

 

2 50/01.. M: Aim/Ir
5 we all swarm]
WWW

 
 

  
   
   
 
  
  

TITANIUM ALLOY rim
VHF/TIDE” . _L LDElt/ELOPEDJAEL‘ED
H. I AM . . BRDNIJUM .
varvcrtne! @
‘* o
\ I . o

Housman/,1 A ‘ ~ — ti
slug 8: KNOWN D -’
45 Doc srrrmucrr WT MASK Looks
MAN or BKONIIUM’ LIKE A man: .

or'mav my“, ‘

    
 
        
 

SOUNDS (IKE A
tutor; 0; “mt:
am as, MAN a;

yawn!

1‘1”
[In/menus?! m
l tit/Innate Maw
' L AS 5rqu as A
an own I

 

 
    
  

   
    
  
     
    
 

I CANT STAND ALL
rttrs uaassrrt souswor
ops/r Tltf DOOR ran ME!

I’VE IECIDED I'M GETTING
700 HUMBLE/M) Lower:
SMALL DOC NOT KEPfATIﬂs

mu: VALUE!

lbleH'll

_, Mn mnsitls c4560 otrysrns MINE lint on: if.

HIM ‘1 null", M! f 7
DON'T vormv. scorr.’ WE'LL

GET YOU A NEW ROOMMtEl

   
 
 

  

terrace uoc?

 

Alumni rr'izia‘iﬁtiﬁﬁr'oﬁrim, _ r A! so in s
rurmr-mcuuw'M/I or mum ' wmr Ml ms nu
W0 “" ' “ULK

.m n ,q

 

    

 

Connery goes around looking cynical about
the obvious decadence and corruption

around him, and even warns his employer. a

Cuban gerneral played with unflinching In-
competence by Martin Balsalm, that “You 
only defeat a man like Castro If you're right.

Yet he also hates Castro's bloodthirsty revlu-
tionaries. He has plenty of reason to hate the
revolutionaries. Their indiscriminate terrorist
violence Is sickening. it seems they'll shoot.
knife. blow up or spindle anything that moves.
But Batista's gang of Inepl morons seem no
better. They're corrupt, insensitive. cynical.
and undoubtedly have severe body odor. This
being the case. one wonders why Connery,
who like most movie mercenaries. doesn't
seem to be as mercenary as he claims. doesn't
just walk out while he has the chance. Love is
the only possible answer. but that seems
unlikely considering the frequent and overt
rebuffs he receives from Brooke Adams time
and time again.

Then there Is an implied ambivalence con-
cerning the revolutionaries. At first. after hav-
Irrg seen (ad nauseaum) the squallor of most
of Cuba. and the decadence of its leaders. a
member of the audience might justifiably think
that his or her sympathies should lie with the
rebels. Then the rebels crash a dinner party
and riddle the guests with submachine guns.
Even at a hundred dollars a plate, the food
couldn't have been that bad. Besides, murder-
ing the officers who constitute a legitimate
enemy is one thing, Mowing down unarmed
civilians and their wives is harder to justify.
(Curiously. the only effective direction in the
movie occurs during the scenes of gratuitous
violence.)

The only rebel we are allowed to see at
closeerange Is a cowardly twerp named Julio
who skips his law classes in favor of Ineffec-
tively trying to murder half the cast. l-le misses
as a rule. and ends up hitting unarmed
bystanders. He tries to shoot Chris Sarandon
and hits the manager of an American stripper.
He tries to shoot Sean Connery and hits
Ramirez. a Cuban officer who is the only
likable character in the movie. When Julio's

Born Too Late

   

'F'eliruairr 5. 1980

‘

not shooting at people he's llilL’iilL’itlng rt, 1,,”
someoneﬂor begging to kill someone ("(i‘nrrm
 let's kill him. ") He does. however. provide
a certain amount of comic relief in a movie
which Is relentlessly tedious whmr people
aren't being blown Into the afterlilr-

The hugest disappointment. however, is
what a come-down all this represents for
Richard Lester. who is. i am convinced. a
good director. To his credits Richard Lester
has directed A Hard Day's Night. llt’lp', Ti...
Three Musketeers. The Four Musketeers,
Robin and Marian. and the very much under.
rated Royal Flash. Lester usually L'tlitibittcs
brisk pacing. excellent photography .ran it dell
comic touch with witty scripts. He's one ofthe
few directors who can work very quirkiy and
still get good results.

Yet Cuba Is not only dull and implausible.
but sloppy as welil. The photography wasll
assume. intended to give the film .r hot. surr
baked look. instead it just looks ovr't exposed
The editing is sloppy. haphazard ln one se
quence. which features several ctrnrvrtr angles.
and therefore. we can assume, lrrrrlt several
takes. Martin Balsnlm Is Wrtlt’lililii .r hottnr
movie. (An additional itttlrrryrrtn v llrt‘ mow,
which is the British Horror 0/ firm ttlu. rs St’i'll
here to be irt black and Wfilli' turd .rppurvrrtly
silent when it was shot in (Ultii iii iii-'rtx‘r
When at one point Lester shows its rhu rnunr
screen long enough in see the lint shut iii the
film he cuts. When we see tlrr' sr rwn riiltllll tltv
film has mysteriously jumpr-d lr,nl. in mint
Dracula and his nemesis firrlrrrnu wwan
moments earlier. Okay it's pithy. but it is in
dlcative of a generally sloppy tnnr Ir t'hirlt'ni
throughout the film

Cuba. which is cnrbarrtrssinrriv Ind. r~ out
of those movies illitt comr' .rinrnr wvurv w
often that's hard to ‘my rrnytlnnrr nun about
it's a two hour movie llltil lr-r-lu irl.r' torn from
the script to llllf nnrsrc t-vr'rr, t’lr'itu’iri rri ii
stinks. A couple of revisions might lnrw [truth
a hall-way decent action iilrrr nut wt if but
rather than that, Luster trrtd [llldi'tl i'\l||~l\
have produced a heavyrhtrndmi nrwiwirnrun
that's apt to bore critics and .rntlu‘rn w . .ririw 0

Robert Gordon

in this day and age of the “New Wave".
sortie of which is just the up and coming bands
rehashing of the pop-rock sound of the rrrid
and late 1960's, it's good to hear that one new
waver has decided to go back just a little bit
further than that. Robert Gordon's renditions
of the rock sound of the late 1950's and
19605 is a breath of fresh air for those who've
had enough with the heavy metal, acid laced,

Robert Gordon

disco. progressive or whatever it's called that
followed the pro-Fab Four days listening to
any of Gordon's .‘rlhrrrrrs is like “shining in
what lilvrs \vrrtrld'vr- soundurl 'tlu‘ rf he started
five years rrgo instund of twenty five. lint Gor
don is nruclr more than an lilvis clone. His
.new l..l’. entitled [Sud Boy, sltrrws that Cor
don is steadily irrrproving on his craft it's his
third since his 1977 debut album with the irr-
Cl)ll||)rllrlllli' gllllrlllbl Link Wr'rry. and Wrrry's
rr'plrrcunrvnt. (Ilni‘. Spuddrrrg. handles the itXt'
irnprr'ssiwly throughout "liorl Boy". ()tlrrar
mainstays from iln' first album. Rob Sinner on
ljcndur buss. llowir- Wyeth on drums, and
Richard (iottuhrr'r on frrrfistr, gives Gordon's
vocals llit' grunt backing he needs for his style.

Gordon kicks off the first side with “Sweet
Love on my Mind". willr a great echo Chamber
effect that epitomizes the synthesis by Gordon
of fifties rock In an eighties style. The next cut
"The Worrying Kind" sounds a hell of it lot like
the classic “Surnrnertimu Blues." which Gor~
don did on his first LP. The Instrumentals on
this are good with Spt'ddlltg handling the lead
very well. The title track sounds like Gordon
being backed by the Inmates. a slow walking
tune with a nice slow guitar solo by Speddinq
and Dick Hyman handling the ivories well “A
Picture of You" liuS Gordon in a deeper vocal
tone. and the background vocals of the film
(,ats gives this turn: an almost early sixties

 

country-like feel. “’l'orlur’u" is .r grrrni r'mmplr'
of slow elemtary rock with a Itir't' ilrtdt «ti hwy
guitar added. “Crazy Mun (‘rrr/v" {nth lht'
hook phrase of “go, go. go uvuruiwlv” In»
great rhythm and is n nittcl array trn l-zr'I but our
wishes it could have been mow .rrivuntumus

 

    

Robert Gordon Hinge furious fits 0‘
flftlee fervor.

j ,'

‘StagedSIlght ' '

 

 

.o... 4 "an--- u-....._.. _._,.......u..

February 5, 1980

While patiently Waiting for lx'rck Danko and
Paul Butterfield to grace the" stage at J.B.
Scott's Sunday night. I started to have visions.
you know. the ones which appear in the mind
after the body has been subjected to a three
hour delay and an, inordinate amount of
scotch whiskles on the rocks — no water

Chris Castellano

thank you). to bide the time by . . . 'no
mystical experiences mind you. but I did see
— so it seemed at the time — Bob Dylan and
Robbie Robertson at a dlnrly lit table in an
obscure corner by the bar quietly conversing

 

   
   

‘ 1

Rick Danko. a man of

 

’Albany Student Press

Boy From 'I'h.

Needless to day. I thought myself to be in-
sane. or better yet. an authentic rock sage.

Well. no matter ——-' The boys “from the hills"
finally emerged before a restless but well-
numbered crowd. Danko and Co. opened the
set with a Butterfield composition. “Too Much
Love." which set the tone for the show: tight.
cohesive blues playing interspersed with a lot
of solid rock n' roll. And. as If not to dissapoint
the set ” ‘ “ ‘ amongst us. Danko also
laced the early part of the show with a couple
of classic band tunes. "Stage Fright" came to
life once again and took on a much funkler
dimension than the original. “Unfaithful Ser-
vait" received an interestln vocal solo from
L 4 w
‘, a ' l "

, ' .  \\
. ' g i

c

u A

" with L" and elastic

Paul Butterﬁeld for an earful of aural energy.

ROIIS .VGI’

Side two starts off with probably the best
tune, “Born To Lose". the kind of tune that's
put on when a band takes a break from it's sets
in a bar. Good instrumentals again can be
heard with near, but not quite. disco drum
sound which moves this song. This is a Gor—
don original, which shows he hers promise if
he decides to become a songwriter and ex-
pands "Nervous". with a nicr' rr'petitive riff. is
another fofties‘eighties synthesis. Again, gor-
don's vocals shows force and Spcdding is
ngrrin up in front on land. "Uptown" is the one
"do-wop turn." on tho .rlbtrnr. .rnd who Is to
say that Gordon wasn't hur’lu'd by Shaina-nit
on this our"? Thurer grrrrrl ivory again by
l'lytnrrn and sonn' nrr'r' \rtxrtplttlilt‘ work by
Amy Knplrrn "ls it wrntrgi (l'rn Loving You)"
guys hrrr‘k to tho "t'r hrrish" gtliirtr tltrys tllltl is
rrlrtilltr‘t may rru’kr'r A ttltt' nn‘llrtw iurrt',
"Nt't‘tl You." is til the "r ttrlrllt' up itr frrnti rrl
rhr' frit'“ gr-rnr' Tln-rr-V. rnrv nlrnv rpntrrr plt‘k
ing ln‘rr'. htrt tln' r'ttt should lIIiVi‘ lrr't'lr prrsi

lirJItt'tl i'rillli‘l rnr thr’ rt'r'rnrl _
l’rt'irrg his frrltrilr l. l’.. ll sr'r'rrr‘v lllrll ('rrndurr
is hr'grrrrritrg trr r‘rrrvt' n lrttlr' rrtr lrv In the Nr-vv
Wrrvr'. lll""1ltll‘lllllll4ilfllllllll'llltlltll'll‘rl,lllll
ln- lltl‘u .r frrllnwirrg lrrr thrrm' \vlrrr wrrni (Ill tlllf‘l
ntrtrvv to what's going down rrrnv or llit' lunt ftf
tr'r'rr Wins in fact. All in oil. tr gimrl album for
him llr' may not by ltrrr orrrirrrrl with his. nnrnr',
.

    

Rick. who expressed the tense emotional
quality of the song as Well as he did 10'years
before. ,

For the remainder of the show. both Danko ‘-
and Butterfield shared the spotlight; each tak-
lng material from their solo albums and giving
It a different interpretation. Backed by an ef-
fective supporting band, they played off each
other well. Both musicians have been playing
professionally since the early 60's and have
jammed with some of the best musicians in the
folk-rock-blues area‘. Their vast experience
and musical knowledge proved to be Impor-
tant factors In the show. Both players were
relaxed and performed effortlessly and ﬂuidly.
extending their enthusiasm to the crowd.
L‘anko Is. besides an eccentric about stage.

Feature I

 
   

 

' Aspectson Tuesday.-

to.

one of the most skilled bassists in rock, adding
character and backbone to many tunes while
Butterfield's harmonica playing, which still re-

mains uncontested, animated the perfor- -

mance. Both talents demonstrated their col-
lective playing ability during a Beach ‘Boys'
oldie “Sloop John 8.," which was very nicely
done. . ' ‘

Although I‘m not much of a blues afl-
ctanado. the show turned out to be interesting.
it was good to see two "veterans" still rocking
out and turning on a new generation. One
complaint worth noting is that the band only
played for an hour and didn't return for an en-
core which suprised many people and nearly
led to a riot.

Well. so much for being professional . . .

s I

As studvnts we share a goal. That goal is to
prvpnrv .r r'tn'eur , a niche into which we may fit
for tho rest of our lives. Bob Curtiss, rt trained
rn-rssuur now doing volunteer work at the
gym. is it man who is not afraid to break out of

Cave Ganslar

his nicke and find new directions for his
energy. He is a living lesson to those who tend
to close thernselvos off to change. After work-
ing for twenty years as a research clerk for the
State Department of Tax and Finance Mr.
Curtiss decided to learn massage therapy and
plans to go Into It on a full-time basis. changing
the course of his life after twenty years of
security. '

 

 

 
   

’ ".;.\?:
.«6;

_BA

 

the Tuesday Afternoon
_‘“ Divﬂggsion; '

    
 

 

llr'llt Mr Null

Last semester Bob worked in the men's

training room. He enjoys the work and says he -

likes to talk to the person be Is massaging. One
of the reasons for his change of occupation is
that he prefers. “people to paper." He believes
that massage leads to better health and
physical fitness. including improved circula-
tion and better muscle tone. Jack Koelmel,
chief athletic trainer for men's teams at
SUNYA, says that massage Is a very good
treatment but is unfortunately too expensive to
use on a regular basis. Finding a masseur will-
ing to give his time freely Is unusual. Bob has
successfully attended the Bancroft School of
Massage in Worcester. Mass. and is now prac-
ticing for his license exams, which he Will take
In December.

Curtiss's massage is a very good one. To
start. the patient muSt strip down. Then oil is
placed on the skin for lubrication. The strokes
soothe the skin and relax the muscles. Aside
front the upper body all the limbs are massag-
ed. The massage can lastanywhere from a
half hour to an hour. If the patient's attitude Is
right he will drift off in relaxation. merely en-
joying the sensations and feeling the luxury of
a massage. At the end the body feels loose
and relaxed. Mr. Koelmel said that most ofthe
athletes at the gym who were massaged en-
joyed the experience.‘

Mr. Curliss is a dynamic and lively man. He
is entering undaurrtedly Into a field which
many people do not take seriously. bttt which
is beneficial physically. Mr. Curliss is not corr-
cerrred by people's reaction to his line of work.
but he (lot-s object to the popular conception
of a massage parlor. He feels too many people
associate massage parlors with prostitution
and feels this is detrimental to the field of
rnrrssrrgc therapy. Unfortunately. some pa-
tients seek or him at sexual relationships with
the iitilsstlitt'. Mr Curiiss objects to this. and
searches for, "good. clean people" as
clictrtolr'

Mr. (Itrrtiss deserves congratulations and
good luck. llr' Is; currently writing a book on
his experiences its a rnnssetti. |"ttrthctmorr.’. he
plans to be it moving frrrcu itr starting tr school
of rrnrssrrgu in the Albany area. He is doing
srrrnr'thing drffurr-rrt and vxciting. sorrrvthirrg
which too few of its know about, or are willing
to fixpvrir'nw. This semester he will be down
at tho (iym offering free massage to tlw
Albany State community. A massage would

he on irrtt'rusttng and enjoyable experience. .

“.4 .   . V "Page seven.

 

 

but his lnrrr stle ‘ilti't‘ i‘i.

 

 

For those of you who still wish to turn ingresponses to last Friday’s
survey, the ASP will continue accepting them until 5:00 pm.
Friday at the Campus Center Information Desk.

 

 

 

