we”...

' “mac” ‘7.

.':W ' m ‘ *—

— a. C  v

 - ;.~,-

late to a standing

stitches Rig-3n '—

Change. the System.

“‘ m

it is ‘a brisk October Thursday and the
time-ls nearing half past five. With each
passing minute the already sprawling crowd
outside of LC5 grows larger and larger
The mood is festive but certainly. not relax-
ed. Today is the last meeting of Ed. Psych
460 before the drop-add deadline and only
seventy-five of the six hundred plus
students have registered or received closed
section cards.

The time is now 5:45 and as the last class
begins to filter out. the “have-nots"
already begin pouring in claiming choice
seats in the front so as‘to be closer to the
prized pack of blue cards, while the haves
continue their conversations, content with
seats in the back. I

Professor Nelliganwalksin Mlit‘l‘ttitltos.
Mama's become a-
celebrity by promising everyone an A for
just showing up. He had nearly started a
riot when he announc’ed that the ninety
closed section cards in his hand would be
the only ones available. The needy masses
advanced to the stage forming an ominous
circle. as Prof. Nelligan‘stood in the middle
of the confusion. his wry smile seemed to
sltow his delight in ths tnost unusual excess
of the system.

The students of Albany have become a
cutthroat breed of competitors whose
highest aspirations are the attainmct of an
A. it is accepted practice to hunt for the
easy A wherever it may be found. Albany
State is exemplary of the institution that
focuses on results only. Many students and
professors. especially in courses which are
requirements for certain majors see the
teacher-pupil relationship as a pitched bat-
tle with the professor constantly trying to
outwit the student and the student trying to
keep up on the latest strategies.

Amidst all this intrigue, we have become
dctoured on a dangerous path of selfishness
and temporary satisfaction. Education has
no longer become a goal. but an incidental
consequence. it is a sad fact that in terms of
this system those who study hard and learn
their subject are failures if they don't get a
it or an A. Most professors claim that such

"'fd‘r students to get involved WWW"

.ter off. The cheater recognizes that it is the

a case is impossible. Yet. it is apparent that
the situation is widespread.

lf education is to be returned to its
rightful place as the goal of the university
system, the faculty must acknowledge that
a problem exists and try to deal with it.
Most professors perceive their roles as all
knowing purveyors of information.
Flashing organized notes on a screen and
breezing over the course material with little
or no discussion is a typical example of a
day's work in a large lecture center.

Besides making the complex seem simple
and the simple complex. these “teachers”
very rarely exhibit any teaching ability.
Many are chosen on the basis of their
research ability. The question is for whose
benefit is this university being run: the
' tidents'pr the professors? Thc'tirne_js-poist3

of Albany professors.

if the students of SUNYA learn anything
here. its that grades are-what really count.
The student with a 3.5 cum. who cheats on
the majority of his tests, is on the same level
as his hard working counterpart, if not bet-

end result which is what really matters. He
does not put himself through great mental
anguish and he has time to enjoy himself
too. He should not be bothered by ethical
considerations either. Though ‘most
students lack the courage to go into a test
without looking at a book. tnany‘would
gladly jump at the chance to see the answers
of the test before it’s given.

in another sense. isn't disregarding an
assigned chapter because it will not appear
on the test an act of cheating? Yet. no one
would seriously consider it so. This author
is not condoning the act of cheating, he is
merely questioning the values of this system
where the test has become an end in itself.

The education rip-off at SUNYA mttst
come to an end. We the students, 15.000
strong. are of the brightest young adults in
the nation. We have been behaving like
trained animals. conditioned to get A's and
little else. Let us rip the needles out of our
arms and put a stop to this Skinnerian
madness.

h to improve those services which are
not run satisfactorily. We can only know
where changes are needed if you tell us.

The bookstore is a prime example of a
UAS supervised service that does not meet
.student expectations. Follett’s contract ex-
pires in May. This provides us with an ex-
cellent opportunity to upgrade the
bookstore’s operation. in order to improve
the services. however, we need to know
where it is deficient. We need your input.

You say the food stinks; we agree. The
quality of food on the quads and the prices
at the Rat are controlled by UAS. We have,
the ability and desire to improve the food.
we simply need your input.

Students have quite a large say in the way
UAS is run. We agree with the ASP when
they say that the time has come for UAS to
make a genuine effort at improvement.
This means student input is needed now.
UAS members will be attending Quad
B_oard and..;Food Advisory Committee
gunﬁf'riizﬁi-jL-Yotr always have our car; please
let us know Where we can help.

The following are the students. on the'
UAS Membership Board. The sooner you
contact us the sooner UAS will provide the
quality services we all desire. Contact us at
457-8087.

State: More _Glmpul
Dave Clinton
Iteth Cohurn
Artie Banks
Indian: Donna Migliozzl
Jeff Stern

lru Somuch

Dutch: iloward Israel
Loretta l‘ape

Ronett Roth

Carole Lenvltt

A [um/ti: John Cooper
Off Campus: Duvld Pologe
[truce Levine

Donna White

Edlllt Dang

Ilrian Levy

Safety First

To the Editor:

Enough is enoughl On Monday morning
a student was killed while trying to enter the
campus at Colonial Quad from Washington
A‘venue. What an incredible waste of
human life!

Colonial:

 

 

 

 

 

UAS Needs You

To the Students:

This is an open letter to the students of
SUNYA from the students on the UAS
Membership board. We ask that you help

us to improve and increase the services of-
fered by .UAS.

The Rat. Campus Center and Quad
cafeterias, the pinball room, washing
machines. the bookstore. and all vending
machines are just some examples ofserviccs
run or supervised by UAS. There are scvcn<

Anyone who drives to SUNYA has felt
the intense anxiety as their car's wheels slip
in the snow under them. trying to sneak
across Washington Avenue after waiting
forever for oncoming traffic to clear. What
will it take to get local government to install
a traffic control device at this lethal in-
tersection? ’l‘wo deaths? Three? Four?

teen students involved on the board who

. Local government has shown continued
reluctance to respond to student concerns.
There is little reason to believe that this pm.
tern will change as we request a traffic con-
trol device for this intersection. it is time,
therefore. for our administration to join in
this effort. After all. it’s in everyone's in-
terest to keep Monday’s horrifying accident
from recurring. How about it, President
O’Leary?

— Bruce 5‘. Liese

m

To the Editor:

This little note is in response to certain
recently published material in your view-
point section. You see, my name is also An-
drew Schaeffer. Not the one of. . . Bu!
Seriously Folks fame. but Andrew Edward
Schaeffer. Andrew Jay Schaeffer’s con-
tinuous 'cxchange of feelings with Jeanne
Marry through the ASP has caused my suite
to receiveobnoﬁqusphqne calls at all hours
pigt‘hertihigh’tli-tbn n‘rﬁitistiflable‘nreason. The
ptrrpo‘5e of this letter-“ts to clarify any
misunderstanding "anyone might have.

‘ Thank you.

— Andrew E. Sehaeffer

Cut Movie Lines

To all students:

As a student here myself, i know what
pisses off people on this campus: inefficien-
cy. We all know it's here; in quad meals, in
SA. and in the administration. There are
many other examples of inefficiency that
are too numerous to cite.

One example of inefficient operations
that l’vc heard about is the fact that Albany
State Cinema keeps starting their movies
late. And it is true that'wc did start The
Deer Hunter thirty minutes late. but that
was an unforeseen occurence owing to the
length of the movie. in other instances there
is no reason we start late. Absolutely none.
Then why do we? The only reason i can
think ot' is that there is something that is
lacking between the students and the ASC:
communication.

Maybe this letter should'vc been written
sooner. but i think that the reason the
movies start late is‘thc way students think.
If they want to go to a 7:30 (10:00) movie.
chances are that they won't show up to buy
tickets until 7:20 (9:50). if the movie isn’t
doing well. there is no problem. However,
if the movie is doing really well. there will
be a tremendous amottnt of people showing
up ten minutes before showtime wanting to
htty tickets. With [this situation there is no
way that we can start the movie on titnc. i
think it would be wise if students would
show tip thirty minutes before showtime to

 

 

Ill 696006 0W6
AMERICA HAP
MORAl/IT‘K.

Aw wmt we
specter,
her/trap, mm;
W ADP
acumen. .

 

FRIEAWé OF OUR

MORAL”?
EV

fr
‘6” W5
I pm 
Mimeﬁﬁ:
EAST, mm 9 l
memes Auv . ‘
AFRICA.

OVCRTllWN.

96hr one
tEDVS mow,
ARMS -

T; A
£59th In
T519“

CV.

.. ‘
mm m women:
1

 

 

 

L

by Dave Machson

All ASP Supplement Photos

& '0

Experience Factor As
Danes Try ToAdjust
by Bob Bellaﬂore ’ .

In a season of adjustment for the Albany State
basketball team, a wealth of experience will no doubt
be the key as they enter the 1980-81 campaign.

The graduation of guard Winston Royal, and the
decisions of two other players, also guards. not to
come out for the team has left the Danes lacking in
speed, quickness, and a tested floor in general. And
that will cause Albany varsity basketball coach Dick
Sauers, entering his 26th year as mentor of the Danes,
to make some major changes.

“Our overall game plan is going-t0 have to be dif-
ferent from the last couple of years." Sauers said.
“because we don't have the depth at the guard position
that we've had." “We're going to have to adjust to
what we've got,” continued senior Ray Cesare.

And that situation is of the utmost concern for the
Danes. _

There is one aspect of this year’s team that can
counter that deficiency, and that‘s experience. Of the
Albany starters, both Cesare and Rob Clune are in
their fourth year of varsity play. while forward Pete
Stanish is in his third year (after transferring from
Binghamton), and postman Joe Jednak is beginning
his second year as a front line player. The fifth man,
sophomore transfer John Dieckelman, was a spot
starter as a freshman at Colgate, and after sitting out
last season clue to NCAA rules. is ready to fill the
center spot vacated by Kelvin Jones.

“The best thing i can see is experience - playing
together." said Stanish. “We know what we're going to
do."

But the situation in the hackcourt is what Sauers has
to think about the most. in those two spots will be co-
captains Clune and Cesare.

Clune. a hard-working. aggressive player. will bear

the brunt of the ball-handling chores for the Danes. A
‘ continued on next page

4..

 

