 

Would? Eng soles

(lower. Warning Issued

WASHINGTON (AP) Reserpine. a drug widely used to
control high blood pressure. causes cancer in animals and
may pose a similar risk to humans, the National Cancer In-
stitute said Thursday. The institute said a review of its
previously disclosed animal tests concludes that reserpine
causes breast cancer in female mice, testicular cancer in
' male mict. and adrenal gland tumors in male rats. The tests.
in which animals were given the drug in feed for 103
weekends, do not prove that reserpine causes cancer in
humans. But they indicate it is “a potential risk to man,"
the institute said. More than a million Americans take
reserpine in various forms to treat mild hypertension and
millions more have use it in the past. Industry figures in-
dicate reserpine sales represent about one-third of the
market in drugs used to treat high blood pressure.

Cuba Returns HijaCker

MIAMI (AP) Federal officials jumped at the Castro
government's ﬁrst offer ever to return a plane hijacker
Thursday, sending a US. jet to Havana to pick up the two
most recent air pirates within hours of Cuba's announce-
ment. Dennis Fcldman, a Washingtoti spokesman for the
Federal Aviation Administration. said an FAA Lockheed
Jetstar was sent from Washington to Havana late Thursday
morning. The plane, carrying two pilots, a light technician
and an FAA sky marshal from Washington and two sky
marshals and a US. marshal picked up iti Atlanta. was
schedule to return Thursday night. Tite hijackers were to be
flown directly front Havana to Columbia. SC, where FBI
agents waited to arrest them on air piracy charges stemming
from the hijacking early Wednesday of a Delta Air Lines
plane. The charge carries a penalty of 20 years to life in
pnson.

Billy Carter Forewarned

WASHINGTON (AP) Almost immediately after learning
last spring that White House officials knew of his planned
Libyan oil deal. Billy Carter began placing telephone calls
to an oil consultant and Libyan officials, telephone records
obtained by Senate investigators indicate. The records were
released at a special Senate subcommittee hearing Wednes-
day at which White House national security adviser
Zbigniew Brzezinski hotly denied trying out Billy Carter‘s
Libyan connection to keep it front damaging President
Carter's re-election chances. The panel has scheduled no
further hearings in its investigation of Billy Carter's ac-
tivities anti his refusal to register as a foreigti agent until
Justice Department investigators learned he had received
$220,000 from the radical Arab government.

India Denied Nuclear Fuel

WASHINGTON (AP) The House Thursday overwhelm-
ingly refused to permit Indian to put 38 tons of nuclear fuel
for its civilian reactor at Tarapur on grounds that India will
not agree to forego developing or testing nuclear weapons.
The House approved two resolutions disapproving the pro-
posed saic and sent them to the Settatc where a ntorc tiar-
row vote is expected next week. The first resolution was ap-
proved 298 to 98. The second passed by voice vote. The
House acted after more than three hours of debate in which

opponents of the sale contended that letting it procede

would signal the world that the Uttited States is not

prepared to enforce its nuclear non-proliferation standards.

India secretly developed a nuclear bomb in the early 1970's
and exploded ti test device in i974.

CIA Reports Drug Flow

NEW YORK (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey said Thursday that
the Central Intelligence Agency had information that the
United States was being flooded with cocaine and heroin by
nations that sponsor terrorist organizations. “The CIA has
a report that there's a well-organized effort by nations
sponsoring terrorism . . . to ship into our country un~
precedented volumes of drugs to deliberately cripple this
country’s ability to exist,” he said. Carey said that
“governments that are hostile to our country” were getting
“young kids hooked on drugs" here. He called it a federal
responsibility to stop the importation of dope and to pro.
drug-treatment programs.

Polish Strikes Continue

WARSAW. Poland (AP) Communist Poland. cotning ottt
of its worst strikes in a decade, was plagued Thursday by
lingering labor unrest in a number of cities. Warsaw Televi-
ston reported 16 struck businesses and sources said
wztlkouts had shut down the Katowice streetcar system and
a bail-hearing plant in Klelce. It was unclear whetherthe l6

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

strikes were the beginning of a new wave of unrest or the
residual effects of the old, which began easing with settle-
ment of strikes in Gdansk. Szozecln and Silesia last month.
Those settlements granted workers the right to strike and
set up independent unions. Details on the strikes were sket-
chy but the workers were believed pressing demands for
higher pay. improved working conditions and in some cases
the removal of unpopular local supervisors. The number of
strikers or the types of businesses affected were not given.

W

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter, who called
Ronald Reagan to task for using the words “states rights."
denied Thursday he was accusing his Republican opponent
of "running a campaign of racism or hatred." “I do not
think that my opponent is racist in any degree," Carter
said. In a news conference dominated by the presidential
campaign ~— and particulary Carter's conduct as a can-
didate — the president said he felt he had been running a
race that “is very moderate in its tone." The question has
emerged as a major element in the general election cam-
paign. which has been characterized in recent days by
charges and counter-charges between the Carter and
Reagan camps on the twin subjects of civil rights and ap-
peals for black votes on Nov. 4.

 

Space Mission Launched

MOSCOW (AP) A Cuban cosmonaut and a Soviet mission
commander rocketed into space Thursday night aboard the
Soyuz 38 spaceship. the Soviet news agency Tass reported.
The Cuban cosmonaut. Arnaldo Tnmayo Mendez. is the
seventh non-Soviet to fly in the Soviet Union’s Intercostnos
space program. He and his Soviet mission commander,
space veteran Yuri V. Romanenko. are to link up with the
Soviet Salyut 6 space station. where two Soviet cosmonauts
are within two weeks of breaking a space endurance record.
Tuss said the liftoff was at 3:“ pm. EDT. Moscow televi—
sion showed the rocket rising in a bright flash against night-
time skics at the Soviet space center at Baikonur in Soviet
Central Asia. Previous flights in the lntercosmos program
have involved Hungarian. Vietnamese, Szcch, Polish, East
German and Bulgarian cosmonauts. each of them accom-
panied by a Soviet mission commander.

Somoza Assassin Shot

ASUNCION. Paraguay (AP) Police announced they sltot
and killed one of the suspected assassins of ousted
Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza in a shootout in a
working class suburb of Asuncion Thursday night. They
identified the man as Hugo Alfredo lrurzun of tile Argen-
tine Pcoplc’s Revolutionary Artity, and said he was killed
after lie opened fire on police who came to search the house
lie was hiding it]. They said the shootout took place itt the
Lambare suburb of Asuncion. and that a person accompa-
nying lrurzun escaped during the exchange. Photographs
of lrurzun and a womati idetitificd as Silvia Mercedes
Hodgcrs ltad been distributed by police following the
bazooka attd tnachinegttn attack Wednesday that killed
Sonioza. his chauffeur and a ﬁnacial adviser.

Israel Attacks Guerillas

TEL AVIV. Israel (AP) lsrael claimed its navy commandos
attacked two Palestinian guerilla targets on Lebanon’s
south coast early Thursday. The PLO said it repulsed the
lsraeli landitig attempt. In Beirut, tltc Palestine Liberation
Organization said it rocketed a Jewish settletnent in Upper
Galilee in retaliation for the [smell foray, but Israel’s
military command dctiicd the claim. Lebanese provincial
authorities also reported art artillery attack Wednesday
evening on gucrilla of Israeli-backed Maj. Sand Haddad.



(AP) The hardlincrs of lran's Parliament, all members of
the powerful lslantic Republican Party. attacked the United
States and Iranian moderates Thursday during a meeting
about a panel that is to make recommendations on the
American hostages. The diatribes against the U S
prevented the Parliatnctit, the Majlis. frorti getting down'lo
detailed work on tliejob of the committee. Parliament is to
decide the futures of the 52 Americans, who spent their
320th day in captivity Thursday. On Tuesday the Purli'i-
(ment decided to select a committee to make rccommcndit-
tons.

 

 

 

 

WCDB Correction

In a recent ASP article it was in'

I . correctly reported tlt
WCDBuwas not involved with the sutntncr “Drink tiitil
Drown party at SUNYA's Mohawk Campus.
wAccordtng to WCDB general manager, Jim Diamond
“1311:: was a sponsor of the party. If UAS had granted

00 no. a permit to use the Motriwk lt ' ‘
. ind. Dtunio

said WCDB would have played it substantial role in th "(1
ning of the show. 6 mn-

   
   
    

 

 

r

 

 

Eastpr :Bnief;

. Voter Sign-up Pushed

Central Council recently unanimously endorsed the
coalition of SA, SASU. NYPIRG and SU's voter registra-
tion efforts.

In addition, all the Central Council members have pledg-
ed to participate in the drive.

According to Student Action Committee Chair Am).
Adclman, future lobbying activities will be encouraged
from those registering.

Beginning Monday, dinner line and door-to-dour
registering will take place on all the quads. Absentee liillltilx
will also be made available.

Class ’84 Seeks Leaders

The Freshman Class will be holding an interest meeting
Monday night at 7:30 in the Campus Center Assertiva
Hall. The organizers are looking for candidates to ﬁll all of-
ficers spots for the class. which in recent years has fallen on
hard times.

    

'll

Senior class president Gary Schaigky llblan c: pout
publicity and to defunct Miskania honor society. Ullc litttc
organizer of the class, for the class' ills. Acting us “big
brother" until the class can get back on its feet. Schutd.)
will run Monday's meeting. Scltatsky says he hopes to ‘L't'
applicants who will “realize the responsibilities" of L'lt‘t tnl
office. and who are interested itt making the freshmen t l.‘I\\
an active voice on campus.

Student Reception Held

A reception for graduate students and undergraduate
majors of The Humanities & Fine Arts College has been tut
uounccd by Humanities and Fine Arts Advisory Council.
The meeting will be lteid Monday in the Performing .-\t|\
Center Lounge at 8 pm.

The Council is a newly fortned organization which littpcx
to organize college wide committees for all those who lt.’t\c
declared majors. Refreshments will be served.

SW YA Staff Awarded

Seven SUNYA faculty and staff members rcccirttl lllt‘
l9ilO Chancellor‘s Awards for Excellence iti Teaching. l’tnr
t‘essionul Service and Librarianship last May. acctiltlllli' to
the Community Relations Office.

Professors Helen Horowitz and Jogindar Uppttl, both
from the Economics Department. and Robert l.:uuu,
Physics Department earned Chancellor Wharton's c\-
cellencc award itt teaching. Professional service prtiisc uclll
to Hedi McKinley. Community Service Program; Nunc)
Ltddlc, Art Gallery; and Ray Falconer, ASRC.

I Also cited for cxccllettce was Librarian Dorothy ('lutw
ttttnscn. The seven recipients were nominated by l’lL“-llll'l|l
E'Icary iii a transmittal letter to the Chancellor, tilw 1:181

try.

    

Job Service Created

The New York State Department of Lttbot and tlu'
SUNYA Office of Career Planning have joined fort-cu to
help SUNYA find local employment more easily. lthottlinu
to'Carccr Planning Coordinator John Alexander.

the two agencies have negotiated for one year to t'lt'illt'
the SUNYA NYS Job Service in the Campus Center brut-
ment, which will serve the student cotnmttnity by central”-
lug listings of available employment. siud Job Service will
worker Diane Sabitclli. For example. students rcqttt'stitlg
work in the quad cafeterias are now required to ttptili’ 4" ll”
Job schtce. Previously, applications were filed ttt lllt‘
quads.

Job service listings, as well its temporary or new jobs that
"r0 POSted are updated daily on microfilm, said Stiltitctli.
Already. the office has bundled over 200 students she said.
Sabttelli expects the service to reach full L'l'il

 

Sept

 

 

 

 

‘ cicttcy lll
zircral months for the program has proven ct‘t‘cL-tivt- in
¥ur '"SI'IUUOHS such as Syracuse University.

lu.‘ . .t».....-..

ember 19, 1980 j

............a..«ta.

Stony Brook Student's

Albany ancestries; ,_ ,

Face Early Turmoil

"\‘t'tttttutltt.

 

New President "Freeze's thds and Closes Bars

by Rich Behar

It's mid-September and SUNY
students from across New York
state'have begun to settle into their
respective schools. their schedules.
and their activities.

But for those enrolled at SUNY
Stony Brook, adjustment may take
a bit longer. The students here at
this large Long Island university
have been faced with a brand new
president’s stern alcohol policy and
the freezing of all student group
funds. a

The removal of spirits

Wasting little time in “intproving
the quality of student life." Presi-
dent John Marburgcr III. in his first
semester at Stony Brook's heltn,
has ordered the closing of most
campus bars. Mttny of these. ttnlikc
those at SUNYA, had been
operating otit of the dormitories.

According to student government
(Polity) president Rich Zucket'tnan.
Marburgcr also calls for “the im-
tnediate removal of spirits and the
future removal, within three years,
of all liquor iti tltc dormitories."

News Editor Harold Stiltz of tltc
student-run newspaper, tltc
Statesman. wrote that the niiivcris-
ty's plan includes the conversion of
existing burs itito social—recreational
facilities, ti reconstruction which
may cost the school $25.0(X) to
carry out.

Mtirbtirgcr‘s decision. claims the
Statesman. was based on the fitt-
dings of Elizabeth Wadsworth, Vice
President For Stttdctit Affairs. who
began looking ittto the issue at the
request of the university. She
reported that research began as far
back as three years ago because of
concern that the bars were having a
negative impact on the campus.

“I don't think the University
should participate itt the distribu-
tion of alcohol", Marburgcr told

Opposing Registration

the campus paper, “but I do think
it's appropriate in controlled situa-
tions. The symbolism associated
with selling hard liquor in dor-
mitories is a very shocking thing to
parents and the community."

Basically, the new president feels
that too much emphasis is placed on
drinking.

“We need to have some alter-
natives. We can't have every social-
recreational area a bar.“We are try-
ing to control sale, not consump-
tion." he added.

Students Angered
According to the Statesman,
“campus unrest and animosity" is
developing in response to the new
policy with several demonstrations
now in the planning stages.

“it drinking is wrong." reads an
editorial. “it should be banned
completely. If it is not wrong.
which we feel is the case. it should
be left up to the individual."

Both the newspaper and the stu-
dent government have argued that
lite amount of student input on the
decision was minimal.

Insists Polity president Zuckcr-

man," Marburger’s decision claims
that there was a full committee
report. That committee never had
consensus at all."

In the bars. the sentiment was
similar.

Richie Federbush, manager of a
popular campus pub, feels that if
the university does not alter its new
policy “they are going to have an
enormous problem on their hands.

People are going to become
hostile and damage will be done. I
think people are going to make

‘noise.”

Group funds In limbo
ln anotltcr campus dilemma.

is.

 

    

(tr Clo ,
Stfir Rttttottlmt llll“
\A mong St tttl‘t-‘n' 

5‘- - sings A- {

)\

 

    

ta tesman

:— m. In. My. .4 M v...

  

\PLiq-uor B

mam“...

 

Marburgcr has refused to certify
Polity’s budget that-would allow
student activites and clubs to func-
tion.

According to the Statesman. this
decision is a result of charges that
the student government was in
violation of Affirmative Action
(A.A.) guidelines.

Although Marburgcr had offered
“interim” funds to those groups
stating intentions to adhere to the
AA. statutes, Polity president
Zuckcrman has rejected the pro
posal.

The issue stems from allegations
made last year by a coalition of

  
   

 

Polity Budget Frozen; /,‘
All Activitie sin [Jumbo I

lI—Iunltbvl-ttwr-n—Am-un-w
am...“ an..." ......

IV

 

l
war]
I) Illrl‘llsr()l)l I
a , I ‘ I
t ' '"lmp Pr ""th‘
' 1’ r o
t hr, Ly

anned in Dorm Bars 

 

, . 
minority groups  ‘the_._P"ro«

,greséive Alliance or Stonybrdokji’-

Organizations (PASBO). They
claimed that the student govern-
ment refused to give them a sufﬁ-
cient amount of activity money.

When the US. Ofﬁce of Civil
Rights responded to the complaint,
they found that Polity had not pro-
duced sufﬁcient advertising geared
toward minority groups and had
failed to keep adequate records of
the ethnicity of its employees.

Polity “uninformed”

Zuckerman’s main objection to
the charges is that he claims Polity
!had been uninformed of its Afﬁr-
tnative Action obligations. He also
insists that past presidents were
never told.

Certain student leaders dispute
this, however, and claim a letter
Polity received last June was ig-

continued on page thirteen

    
    

 

 

  
       

 

Student Reps To Work On Senate Study

 

Classics Prof. Barnard:

by Susan Mllligan

As a result of a recent faculty
vote, students will now have some
input in the discussion of options
concerning student representation
‘on University Senate. The vote pro—
vided for the addition of two voting
students 'on the Senate Study Com-
mittee. The Committee will discuss
the role of students on Senate dur-
ing the year and prepare one or
ttiorc proposals for a vote in the

spring.

Comtnitlce Chair Kathleen Ken-
dall introduced on amendment pro-
viding for two students on the cutti-
mittce. Kendall said the amendment
would “assure students of a voice."

An additional “amendment to
the amendment" was made by
Prof. Richard O'Neill that would
give the students on the committee
voting status. Both motions were
passed with little opposition.

Classics professor Sylvia Barnard
spoke iii favor of student represen-
tation, noting that "two students
on the committee will not swing the
vote one way or another.

“I feel students do have a role
here." she said. "It disturbs me
that the faculty has this defensive
attitude . . . we are lowering
ourselves by having this attittidc
toward students. The (opposing)
faculty are acting like my oth grade

Groups Prepare For A Possible Draft

by Mark Fischctti

it has been barely two months
since young tncn of ages 19 and 20
“liked to their locztl post office to
register for the draft. part of Presi-
dent Carter‘s plans for tnilitary
preparedness. But as quickly as
registration was instituted, it seems,
it has been forgotten. Is it ti tlcad

issue?

"No way!" says SASU Organiz-
itig Director Bruce Cronin.

“It is not it big public issue now
because there is no registration tak—
itig place,” he explained, “but it
will be an issue again this fall when

Activist groups prepare for
January's battle against reglslru-
tion.

 

Congress considers itistituting a fttll
draft, and ill January during
registration week."

Dttring January registration
week. January 5-11, all 18-year—old
males will be required to sign up for
the draft.

As they did duritig the summer
registration period. SASU will table
iii January at post offices to inform
young men of their options regar-
ding registration.

lu addition. Cronin said, SASU
plans statewide campus teach-ins
and anti-draft rallies dtiring a
“Week of Actions" front October
12-18. to be sponsored by the Na-
tional Connnittcc Against Registra-
tion and the Draft (CARD). This
effort will be coordittatcd by the
New York State Coalition for
Peace, tt network of campus tinti-
druft groups organized by SASU.

“SASU's major goal." Cronin
explained, "is to prevettt the draft
from being implemented.

“The SASU delegation opposes
registration and the draft. and
voted last Jtitte to include this view
as part of SASU's platform.” he
added.

SUNY‘s Student Union steering
cottttnittce member Dean Betz
agreed with Cronin‘s view that
draft registration is not a dead
issue. t

“This full, the battleground will
be in the cottrts, but in January it
will be it) the streets." Betz added.

referring to the upcoming Supreme
Court ruling regarding the constitu-
tionality of ti draft registration ex-
cluditig women.

The Student Union is having an
organization meeting next week to
gear tip for this semester’s anti-
draft activities. Signs will be posted
and all are invited, according to
Betz.

Although the Selective Service
Departincnl has warned that failure
to registcr for the draft is

i"ASP Draft Poll

punishable by imprisonment, fines
up to $l0.000. or both. various
sources report that many young
itieti did not register this past sum-
mer.

According to Cronin. the [install
Globe. which he dcsctibcs as a
“fairly conservative newspaper."
estimated. according to a survey
they ran. that 25 percent of those
eligible did not register. CARI)
estimates that according to their

continued on page four

I Please fill out and drop off at Campus Center Info Desk (c/o I
I ASP) before Wed., 5 p.m. Thanks! I
I Circle One. I
I 1. Are you In favor of a draft registration? yes No No opinion I
I 2. Are you In favor of a return to a drqft? ye. No No Opinion 
I 3. Were you a male of draft one this pool Yes No I
| oummer? (born in 1960-1961) I
 4. If so, did you register? You No I
I 5. Should women also have to register? You No No Opinion I
I 6. If we return to a draft, ohould women be Ye. No No oblnlon I
I Included? I
I 7. If the U.S. wanted to drqft you, would you yes No No opinion I
I comply? I
I 8. Are you In favor of plant! to open an ROTC yes No No opinion I
I office on thin campus?
9. Have you, or would you conslder signing ye. No No Opinion l
I up for ROTC? I
I

‘two students will not swing the vote.’

teachers."

Professor Bell of the Criminal
Justice Department opposed the
amendment. remarking that he “is
always pleased and amused to see
the ingenuity" of students iii such
matters, but that he would
"strongly oppose this amendment
to the amendment.”

President Vincent O’Leary spoke
briefly in support of the amend-
ment in his opctting address. noting
that “one of the most important
factors in the ‘Savc SUNY’ cttm-
paign was student action. and "it
would be ti gl‘ctll error (to be in up—
position) when we should unitc."

He concluded by “urging that
sotne pltin be set up for formal sttt-
dcnt litiisou with thc Study Corn-
mittcc. . .so that the student voice
be heard."

O'Icury also noted that thc
Altttntii Board voted in fuvor ofsttt—
dcnl representation on thc commit-
tee.

An additional proposal was made
by Politictil Science professor
Stephen Wasby that would allow
for tnorc options concerning stu-
dent representation oti the Senate to

(‘()Il!flfll(.’d on’ page four
---"

 

 

 

 

