     
 

Paw? ,Sixifi it"i':
Aspects on Tuesday

61‘ he .controversy surrounding William 1980. Nonetheless. Pacino. Paul Sorvtno and fanatic "99'" '0 seem ra'her C°',"";°"p':,'.:;m
Friedkin's new film Cruising has Karen Allen deliver fine performances in often The V'O'er'ce' wh'ch has "'SP "1] " '.' ,1
obscured the film Itself. This Isa pity. if the film suited r0195, When [he slory moves. Cruising of Dimes“. I5 "0 big (1961- fl '5 “E ‘9’""19 
is "0 "la-"lefl-ﬂec‘3 fWthh ii isn't) It deserves. as is an Intriguing and powerful thriller. When it powerfully d'rmed '0 '3") sure' "'..' "i "In": I
does any work by a maior director. some doesn't, scenes ma! Should be gripping pm“ who have referred to outragehous ISip s r
tierlollls criticism. All Cruising is getting are duce iaug'hs from ,he audience. bleeds; “L’Sli bt‘ling zillicfr‘lolaflfgﬁn In: 
) l (f . . '
inora istic tirades from closet Victorians. in a sequence in which an innocent suspect  movie. There is blood on
Jim Dixon ' 3.191123352‘1";'2."LZ'3”¥.3IIIZIJ’E‘3§3“.liZ "is  but WW" ‘"  “"‘CHW
NY'P'D ism prowsnng [he “I.” and an‘ acclaimed films as [he Gotf/ai/ier or [he
Cruising is a thriller set in the heavy leather when a imge black cnp‘ naked MW in, hm” DW"”""""- 1
Stay bar scene oi New York City. Al Pacino and jock strap punchuslhu 5mm,” in mu hm. WI lllt‘ i")|iii"\'t'YW ‘U'i'tli'iililiii ll)“ “it”
"'"y" " young mp Who is 59'" mm ""5 “Wild watch while the film lowers itself in larriliglv iir """.L""'"'"' mm" """m" ("L-"m '0 "'"U'" "W
undercover to track down a homosexual .lack appropriate black comedy 1 mm‘ R ""“l‘1 ""‘l "‘l"'” 'l" “"0 U'Hli'i' Uluh
ihv Ripper who picks up men, has Sex wilh Cruisimh hm“! pmhle'm hmww, “as in teen. Critics aiiil theatre owners have
them. and the” slabs mum in dump in me its mndend m bv'erlonk 'hc'plm [m m"! sake deriiaiided that the film be rated 'X. (iiir
process of his investigmin," [he mm [mm his. U! Vnyuurmn A gm“, pmliun “I "H. mnlwmn placard displayed locally asked to "have itllt
_ itr'tlU'ft.‘ about gay life. police work in general. I '
 and begins to fit in with the .‘s' and M devotees

Albany Student Press

 

 

r
._..~.~..,

 

 

I . . children from bloody and \iitrlL'iil films " hi my
o the film is composed almost wit-iv o '

l’attiiro's wandering through kinky liars. not
quite knowing how to behave in llli'ili There

jirdgiiieiit there is nothing in (Irttistiig which
warrants iilt X rating The sex is not t'splictt
enough ftf you tlttil'i believe me. iheik out
The Stir/iii lVfiri f‘i‘ff I'Tlltit (irrtct' With I'fll'
Sen and sun v.liat you can get away with. With
an ft iatrriiii ariil the violent 1'. while strong. is

Thi- ‘-i iipt is often weak. and badly \ltlit’
lilii’il. which has a diluting effect on l'iti-ilkin's
~rrpriri» direction and ctriienratograpliei ilrtllli'H
i.iritiri'r's photography. flll.‘ best so far til

.- . rweypum «M m -

are several scenes of lllipllt‘il (and riot sii trit-
plied) sodomy on screer Wlllli' these ~i i'iies'
liriltl otre's interest for awhile. llit’li' is no
escaping the inevitable li‘tlllllli as bondage and

i

 

trot toristarit rillil \l‘i'll wttliin [in‘i vrli-iit

     

('Htl‘rilii] has itirslllVi‘ asiii'i ts. stir it as
f"i|t‘ill'.|l|'s handling of violi'iicc. his skilled
smiriitli Willing and his almost state of the art
photography iiiitilr rlti' lli’itiii tiiiiiiri'd More
people \i'i'lll liiilllti‘il to tli'ltrilt‘ whether his
depiction of gay life is illlllii'lifil . whit h l illtll'l
tlittik is the point (Tritiuiiii is .i movie not
reality

l‘tli'illilit has a talent for tit‘iiiiilii ll‘ll'il'ili
soiiiiiitiniis in obvious iliaiiratii i-..ri,~ iltil
siitiii'tiiiii's subtly lfl‘ has l'ai rno lii‘lliii liilfi re
ed by a sit-.pi'i t .rr tins ilii' ‘fll'i‘l hid“ it llii‘ill
packing plant The lull itnpari tliit‘sit‘i room
home until lil' puts his i .iirii'ia illll’t iii ii iii rid
of ilii' plant. iritciposirrii .r row of illi'ill liiuii»
between us and lllt' rIi tiiai llli’ill.llt lfi'liiil') it
flll' iatiks Hf siitui' til the host Aiiii'iti rill ilili‘l
tors \‘.liii ran use lfli' lllltt illi‘iliiiiii i iiirifoitaliii,
without a word of tllrtllililii'

liii'tlkin is not. lioiwii'r. the itt‘sl sirr'i'n
thit'l lit /\nrt'iti’a. arid one i air't help bitt think
tlial t'irrtsiirg would have been .i better ltliit if
someone had Willli‘ii If its lack of
n. balaiiie iitlil weak i‘liai‘aitt'ii/aiiori crippli- if.

and the best airing and direction

‘ MM available

White 'I'rash Is B

tfl'sL'

Al Pacino and the homosexual 8&1" crowd‘hnving fun at local hangout.

 

. ,. . .Mt‘rra. 4,1980.

Ctosei cop

Bruising \

can't quite lift it out of the vriye
finds itself in all too often.

Yet Cruising at least der
subject that has seen little

irristic gutter ii

ils explicitly iiitli a
attention in "idiot
and wotiiaii
iiig inaci Uirrtv
batalile pnliii). at

, I

films. and even if every gay titan
iii America hates the film for lit‘
or explicit (which is a de

  

Al Pacino as undercover cop who digs
too deep in Cruising.
least it's iirrt tlt flli' i lii-i‘t l'irii.ii .i f'

...i.i...5
and imperfect iiliir
llli‘ iiitirtlli-ss i‘litiiil it ~l't't'ii r.vi. . i .rt

littl 4ft -t~ ‘r‘i., iiH

 

'f‘li'iNt' Illlililll‘ f\li|i'iliilll‘~ ii‘ "  :oiat‘
iifllii‘tiiltti‘lrlwiftlti'litlltilff iti' 'liii'.‘il'ii
the liliit f‘iiltili‘il lll ».it'i' llii“t i tiilihi i. 'r.
Lvlrii til .i i'i'lliitilil‘.‘ i’iiti'li‘ ' iiia. it
paranoia friai tlriv lilili will put a ’ mitt
illiif tlrr‘ ll'lilt"v‘ii'tl Vtitiiiiarr i '-»ii i'

rniivii'iirn'is iiuist iiillfiltlit to th

iatrtlards rif titilliilll'.’ \i'ili  M

 

Willi tlii'ii asitriiii' lil'tli‘ is li'a'ii-i'
«~pnr- lilti‘lt"» of i lillit iii. iili‘l
'ri‘i'llil\‘.'llrillilil‘ffllllli'rillf li
intitsitit‘itisisirtrr'Iluiiii liivti'
rilli. “.iill’. iii ittl int .i for l

ttiirtitltli.‘ ts fi.riiltlI. Itit Allli‘lii at

lillilii'l lit\‘t' ( 'titt.-.iriri. liiii l .il ii ' ' 1“ i.
iiiviislrriil litsilifitiiaii'tiirriluilii‘ ii' .iI'r
film. and a fairly I'ffi'l tivr‘ lfilllli‘l ll ii 

iv. its final destiny wrll [)tirltrilrli, iiw .
curio, arid a fairly ililliiiltiiii’ o-r. a “nil
when the fliv- illi"~ down 0

 

 

(.l)ciiiap.s the most arresting qtraiity tlial
lidgat Winter possesses as a iiittsician is.
his (lkilililill' ability to compose and perform a
wide variety iif musical styles. During his ten
tear rar'eet. Edgar has dabbled with ex:
peririreirtal nr “iieri"jazz. blues. Rand f3. and
rock, AI titties. notably during his "They ()tili
Come (hit At Night" period. Winter has
sitcessfuliy achieved an electric synthesis of
these styles Although his popularity has
somewhat detliiied in recent years. there still
remains a loyal following and his performance
at .i ii. Scott's last Thursday night attracted a
full house of local devotees.

Robert Gordon

From the moment the rirult|»c.olored
'loodligiits illuminated the stage. Winter and
his recently formed band skillfully provided a
musically diverse and intriguiirg show. The
band may not be comprised of "name" players
but they are just as exciting and tight as
Winter‘s cailiei hands (reriietnber White Trash
and The lidgai Winter Group?). This comes
as no surprise as Winter has always surround-
ed himself with talented musicians »- Dan
llartman. ltoimie ((itritar) Montrose. and Rick
Derringer have all performed with Edgar at
one time or another.

Since he has iiol recorded any new material
lil .i few years. Winter concentrated mainly on
songs which represented his past musical
stages and experience. Opening the set with
the instrinnental "Winter's Dream." Edgar
drifted hack to White Trash days and his early
ia// experiinetits. The song began Willi a sur-
ri-ai. ilriiarrrlike mood. punctuated by diurn-
llll‘l (ill‘tj Carter's ligiii and rhythmic pace.

and slowly fed to a climactic. sax solo by
i iiiiar, which was really frantic and intense.
it’lLittii heavy on iitipiovisation. Through iriost

exerted a tierrii-iidous amount of energy on
whtcli the rest of the band thrived: he ocr
r‘iipied center stage for the set and wa- it With
tin] of the material,

With "Undercover Man" the band switched
the musical focus from tmprov jam to power
chord rock n' roll. The transition was a bi
shaky. bitt nonetheless. they still maintained a
high level of intensity. Edgar even attempted
lead vocals btit was hardly audible due to a
faulty mike towards the end of the song The
hand lost some momentum biti the technical
difficulties were taken off by the next time a
ballad. "Fighting To Live"~ and lidgai finally
had the opportunity to showcase his vocal vir
tuosity. l'lis range is definitely limited but
worked well within those boundaries and lit'
jected enough soul into the .soiig to make it cf
fectlve.

Unsurprisiiigly. Edgar atitl lfll' hand then
eclipsed itiio a rousing version of "l-i'ec ltide"
with the albino tiraestio once again supplying
vocals. (iuitarist Al l-‘erante provided some
really excellent leads which were as driving
and quick as Derringr original ieiiditioti
llowever. “Free Ride" turned nitt to be jitst a
primer for the following number. "Take it The
Way it Is". a danceable. funky blues iii/l piece
which featured more expressive sax iiiearidi'r
trig front Edgar and tastefttl keyboard work liy
ltorinie Doise. The tune brought riiariy peo

ple. including yours truly’. in their feet as litigar
eagerly encouraged his audience. L

The mounting energy on stage and off
reached a climax with a Winter favorite
“Tobacco Road". The coiiipositlon i.s' atranq"
ed in the classic blues rock rrroid and the band
played it to epic proportions (2f) iiriiitites long

. ). finch member of the baud performed

short .solo and exhibited their individual skills
"Ti  gradually receded into rt duet iit't'
ween W' ‘li‘t‘ and Fortune. While Winter warl-

 

 

 

 

 

.iiipliir. Mi l:i‘l'dilli‘ rit‘i'litlliiitlttt'il liiiri with
very l.()lll) liliies picking and irroaniiig. The
song went over well with llti‘i rowd and lidgar
seemed pleased with his perfoiriiance.

l'ilt the finale. Wiiiier chose, quite ap-
propriately. the iiistruirreirtal we all know arid
love. "l"ii|lil<i‘ii5ll’li| " l le transformed it into a
tour de force. venturing not only In sax ti-r
ritory. but also playing keyboards. occasional
coiigas, and ultimately donning the infamous
miniature /\ip synthesizer Winter incessantly
experinwntt-tl with different sounds on his
treasured toy and hovered about the .siagc like
a selfpossessetl iiiarliiiaii. He finally snap ri-rl
oitt of his notice and got down to iiickirii i'it I
lebaird wasrrevertighter at " ' I

Show Bizarre

any point during

 

the show and the entire house was til it fvct
aritl roaring. After leaving the stage ha a few
quick minutes. lidgar rind titllliliiliij iiav.ii'ii
brick on stage for a one and trilli.‘ illiitli'
“Save The Planet."
Winter groupius.
Uvurali. the show was air
representation of Winter's marry siilcil iii‘i Hitl
character, Mlti‘li of his early \Vliill‘ liair ha»
aged well and ltit-li‘rltl of siaiirratrnii irw has
further tieyeiopml into air at r oioiili ilrwt' itiilri
i‘irin 'l'liL' .sliow's diversity icris a li’wliliiiriii. In
his iIivi'iitiveiiths and relentless il’iitl lr tiii .rii

Wlilt‘li pli'asiul main.

illli'illiilli‘

itili‘tiliitli' mode of t'Xpl‘i‘hsititi l iiiiiii' that
w"""' l"-"Jl”»" l0 embark on some iii'\'.‘
liliiii'rirrl though, as he seems to work will ii illi

('tilllflllii'if on page irate

'l'he Plasmaties

(There are countless arteries or tributaries
of character wliti h lileiiill
prising the lifeblood of a rockir roll hind
‘ I ‘ r .
lihey are sidelines to the music (everything is)
tit nevertheless prove to be a si/e‘iblcI lit'
. r ‘

, .. .
f‘flitltlit on a lraiitl's general iiiiagi'. attitude
r iii tic audience attracted. They" '

ti' things like
album LuVi'is. styles of dress or '

Chris Casteiiano

escapades which flash through your
everyiitiie the band's name Is nic
exriiiiple. tltiirk of (iariria.
(.ostello. Surely the tWo produce inrai es ii

are worlds apart. even with music'rl ii'l'f"
fiii'eiices unconsltlered. They have different

ogethei. corri-

 

social

  

mind
iitirined. For
then quickly of

 

i
 thliii s to s‘ '

I I. A .r » » v T " r

i . his solo. tiioili sriA and keyboard), Winter ed in a style too Clt) y reseiiililiiig iimi .g .i m. ' q‘, [13],)?""':("f“”"thyinfl‘elaytngrin-
i -— ~ - . . in i '

g I ‘i iii. iiriist ttiiportarit ago,” in

“Wind home a band's social ‘ilrilt'ittl'itl r . lli- ii
live pei'foriiiaiici' /\ live perfiiiirrarrr iv tiri‘rtii‘i
first hand delivery of llll‘ i'iiiililii'iiirtii at. i llii‘
liaird can either plead with you. iiii‘iIi-‘i f"
you. or spit on you. it is lllt’ iiimi it"“i‘if‘ll
arid lasting itiipi'esstnn a hand titli itiill i‘ i
fact. in these days of “anything dim“ 1‘“ i"
there are bands capable of surviving IIIi‘Ii ii. NH
“"31" Sl-Iiic Presentations. Thi- l’la-inrairr are
one of those hands.

They give a rock show, tIiii .i
Shows feature performers \\’l|il|'
feature iirtlsts, WltL‘lltt'i' they lii‘ llllliili litii‘i iii
vocalists. and while the most siti i will: -”' '
have been able to transit the two fiil'tttlil.ir ii i‘
Wliit- l‘itivd. Bowie). there is ‘illll a ill'ililit tron
iii he tiii'ttli‘. Home bands. like the Ma villilfl‘ ~
hiIW Ilir tiiusical prowess and are an iiiivii'li "l
Twine labelled "Itillslt‘irtti-r " ltathrii llII".' iiit‘v“

initige to uni "lump rant
h.._ ¢ .

trait i‘ll

ililllt‘lli

 

   

‘ titi. shtick. rIilil
Mk

/

 

March 4. rain.

 

Aibaiiy‘ Student 'Press’

 

r

xvn¢~~lrv

Looks’tO,Piot3F _ g . 1' ‘,_ , I I
. osse lazzeslt ll; ‘ I

Cl‘he production notes for All That Jazz

say that it is "many things" and for once
that publicity from the studios was right. All
That Jazz is Indeed many things: it's brilliant.
dazzling. arrogant. pretentious. exhilarating.
and boring almost simultaneously. it inspires
such mixed emotions that it's impossible to
make any ktrid of blanket judgement.
Perhaps. however. that's to be expected from
a musical about death.

Mark Rossier

Part of the problem is that the qualities that
make Jazz so good are the same qualities that
make it so bad. Like "8.5" (a lilrii it closely
resembles) it journeys back and forth in the
iiiitid of it's hero .loe Gideon (Roy Scheider).
going between the past and the present and
fantasy and reality. it's full of absolutely spec-
tacular visuals. unfortunately they tloii't say
anything. Bob l-‘osse is probably the greatest
living rnustciil-coiiiedy director. so it makes
sense that most of the film's non narrativv
flights of fantasy Would take a musical form.
l'lli surprised. however. that a talent of his
caliber ivould misuse the musical iiiotirents so
severely Lavish production itliiiiliL‘irv. like
those in Ccilitrret. can add a great deal to a film

,...

 

  

Fosse's new film A" That Jazz.

r tEx ectations

 

and comment brilliantly on the action. butthey
don't hold up as action in themselves, Hence .4
a majority of the numbers seem excessive and
too long (especially the tedious finale). The
film has no narrative or structural backbone.
so it comes off looking like a series of loosely
connected production numbers. The. best
routines are the ones that take place in the
realistic realms of the storyline. of these the
“Air Eroticon" number is the best. Tire mixed
emotions come back again. however. because
even the most indulgent routines are so damn
good you can't help admiring them. They are
so superbly staged and photographed that you
wish they had a stronger backdrop to fit into,
The film's other major flaw. again like 8.5 is
it's self-indulgence and downright arrogance.

The parallels to Fosse's own life are so thinly‘

disguised they-cannot be ignoredespecially
considering that Fosse co-wrote the film. ("ii-
deon is a successful Broadway and I'lotlywood
director (just like Fosse) who. being a com-
pulsive workaholic. attempts to edit a film
about a nightclub comedian (just like Len

iiykiiid direct a Broadway show at the same
time The pressure finally gets to ('iidiion and
he has two heart attacks (just like Fosse) He
has air ex Wifi’ (Leland l’almer) who's a lot like
Fosse's es wife ('iwen Verdun. and an old
girlfriend played by Ann lteiiikiiig who's a lot
like l‘irrisi"s old girlfriend Anti HL‘ifikliiiJ. Nor

tiiallv the relationship liirtwceri life and art are
hardly worth mentioning. htti the problem
how is that |-'os,se is riraktng a film about a riiati
who's a bastard arid knows it (and doesn't
care). birt is so brilliantly talented that
everyone loves liitii anyway. The fact that (ii
deon and Fosse's lives are so close (they even
look alike). and the press releases staieiiii'irts
that Fussy "reaches deep withtii himself. ltls
own life. his successes and failures iri his work
and his relationships" make clear that htissi‘ is
making a filiii very much about himself. and
the implications are tint attractiVe But. once
again the airibiguity arises because the man is
incredibly talented. anti none of his films
(leiiioristrrite it more than this one. Willi only
three Cinematic credits fSuteei Charity.
Cabaret. and Lenny) Fosse shows extraorv
dinaiy control of the medium. The images just

Roy Schelder as Joe Gideon flirts with

.swiil arm» the screen anti technically this is
one of llll‘ most stunning acctriiiplishnieirts In
lt'ti‘tll years The filiit should deservedly win
most of this year's technical ()scais

All That Jim is about show bit and it's
reflected it) every aspect. doe ("rldviiti is a man
who t'lti he of flying and
breathing show bi/. so his thoughts and euro
trons are all shown in show bi/ terms. the
musical riiiiribr'is. the fantasies. everything
This obsession goes beyond the lttl’ii' confines

ciiilriidriis tlii'

of the plot. however. arid affects llii' entire
stixli- til the film Nowhere is tlits ttitiie
beautifully tlcriroirstraied iliaii with the cast

The (‘risl is not required to act in the way that
Lenny or Kirmir'i its f\'iuiiit'i is acted. litit to
perform iirli's iii llll' iiiiisital comedy of llfL' (I
know it sounds pretentious. litit it's not my
plitliisopliy that's really what this movie is
about) so |3osse wrsely goes bat k to his liioail
way slot k coiiipuiry to fill most of the roles.
Scheider is Wonderful as (iideoii. l’eileclly
realizing all the conflicting etiiotioris of a very
complex character. he deserves an Oscar
tiniiittratroii just for the way his reading of ()III'
lirre."ll's .sliow liilti’". tells us all we need to
kiinw about Gideon's mood Ann lteinkitig Is

 

death In A" That Jazz.

tiiugnificeiit as Kate. the girlfriend who keeps
going back to Joe even though she knows
she'll never be more than a glorified one-night
ililllLT.l fer character is iiol explored in depth
airin (iideoir's is). but Rettikiiig is able to give
its a real feeling for her. In addition to being a
fine singer and actress she is also one of the
most incredible dancers l'vi- l‘Vi'i seen. Leland
l'rllllli'l gets most of the heavy diatiratics and
she hanilii's tlrciir beautifully Jessica Laiigv
doesn't have much to do. but Eilll' is ap»
propriately exotic. llltliillirtts. and riiysterious
as Angelique. home's lilondr- white gowrrcd
personification of death (Iliff Goriiiaii and
Hen Vetei'ii illl' oiin atli'quati- iii extended
ratiieos. the latter being i'spet rally bud rliilrti
Lithgow is also quite good as (iideiirr's rival
iltii'i‘tiii
I admire All That Jazz for its iiiveiitiVi-iiess'.
its daring and its style. I just Wiin Fi
Robert Alan Arthur had come tip .
stronger way of putting it till together. The sum
of the parts is truly lesser than the whole.
tum.» liad some of the best people in the
business Working with him. He was able to-
create a brilliantly acted technical tirasterpiece.
continued on page nine

 

 

Specials Prove A Bargain

he so-called "New Wave' which has

been around with its now for about four
years. has brought to our shores a crop load of
bands which. for the most part. weren't too
specral. Most of them feel that the sixties were
such a good time for rock that they Wr'ilil tn lii'
trig it to us again. Well. that decade was a

Cliff Sloan

great time biit. llir'iitk'ytili‘Vi’i‘y'ililit‘lt. but to
hear it again for the next ten years. no thank
you. Fresh ideas and energy is what makes
something "new" and a few (lilvis Costello.
Joe Jackson. the l’iilit‘i'. lllt‘( ‘ . et al) havrI
really made their presence felt. They. more or
less. lead the pat k. and not to tie trampled

a

     

under the big influx of groups you haw to be
“special. You've had to have a gimiirick.

The Specials. besides their name. have one
glmiiilck; go out and play hard. first rock with
reggae and a little piiiik added. Their peiftii
iiiaiice at rift. Scott's last Tuesday used this
gimmick and used it Well. The Units were sent
out first as the Wili'tll'UD baud anti produced
some sparks birt not much fire. It was the
Specials that really set the stage ablaze. The
band's seven tirembers. who go by first names
only on their first and only L.l’. (who says
bands are otit of totrch with the ' cniiiiitoiieis."
anyway?) were all in a titanic liiior from start
lli finish. They kicked off the show with
"(Dawning of a) New lira." which fit quite up-
pinpriatt-ly. Front here on. the Specials made

Have 'I'aken on

senses The iiiustc Is secondary to the perfiri

iiiiltit‘i' which features the chainsaw unassumi-
of a guitar. a strip teasing lead singer. and a

bizarre film clip i won't givv will it Sitilit'hv

song breakdown because chances are you ve
never heard of them. In fact. chances are
you'll never hear of them because they ll' not

worth taking liitll' irf They till sound the sonic

noisy. redundant. and iiiiiirraglnative. lhi!

l'lasriiatics iiit‘ to be seen. not heard.

Ministers perforriiriig porno-rock. You doir't
realize how poor the music is because your
senses are enveloped. swamped by the stage
spectacle. Yoir might smile. you might frown.
and yoti tiriglit puke. but the bottom line is
you'll watch. and you will with undivided r‘il'
lt‘ltlilllt. The l’lr‘rsiiratics iilt‘li'i to be taken
seriously. but they never t laiiiicd to he They'll
I'ril‘it' some eyebrows. raise some hell. and if
it's. been too long guys. they might raise

Y” M”) mm A [My hhug, “my in. ilm‘g'i'lie sotiielliiiig also The i’lastmattca are (irritle l‘t

l’lasiiiatics are indeed entertaining and there is
no doubt that lllft percent of my attention was

locked on IlitI tilt Scott's stage Friday night

'l'lii-ii looks alone are enough to make your

'l'uhes. thiI kind of eiiteitaiiriiieiit tlir‘il vinyl
simply can't capture. and they'll .sell a lot more
tickets than records. So don't empty your
piggy bank or scrape rip your last few dollars

mouth drop Iii awe and your eyes widen with to .see the l‘lriiitiir'illCﬁ. if you're feeling rich

disbelief. In addition to a topless. mastiti-
battng lady if use the term loosely) vocalist

and bored. however. willing to pay a couple of
bucks for some visual stimulation. take two

guitar smashing and dririir kicking antics. the ludes. see the l’lasniatics. and call me iii the
bass player sports a blue Moliican. it's the morning.

then existi'irii‘ li‘ll lliirai'i- the bassist br'gair

lfll’ filttttlldt "tlitiiii tlium Ihuin-tlruiii" which

continued all night long. while lead vocalist
Terry quickly assuiiretl the role of "Joe New
Wave." dress and all “fin the Dog" was next.

which coiiiiriiii-d the qirit k and Wild style of

Joe iirti'lttwiilt With reggae a la Police The

lyiics. for the most part. Wt'lt' unintelligible.
it was the music that was the iiiovcr. Next up

was "it's Up to You " The song came across as

one coiiihiiicd unit of sound rather than iii-

Slilittit'ltl‘i playing ttrgellii't. giving a somewhat

irrtnldli-d sound However. here's where the

dancing and running about t’ttiiii' in. My loca-

tioti at this point had one of my ears stuck in
speaker and standing right in front of one of

the more "iii/pm" personalities of the baird.

keyboard player tli'llv lle lraiitlk'il lllt.’
keyboards. well the Wltltfl' night through and

hi- Was one hell of a iltiiiit'l! lie was as much

fun to wait h as he was to listen to This also
liiotrglit the other lead vocalist Neville into the
scene. sharing llli’ lead with Terry

Terry tiilititlitti'tl the next song "lint liace"

which doesn't appear on thiI album. which by

the way is |)ri)rllttt'tl by lilvis. Costello. as
tiudttaterl to "thi' students of lltt’ ll.S./\."

Their- was a iiii c girltai run here by Roddy.

and the iiit'sirage of "Working for the rat race.

you're wasting your time" was a nice bit of
philosophy “lilaiik Expression" next up. was
more of the reggae-flavored rock that the
Specials do so well. "Concrete Jungle" had

liliitt' good guitar riffs. and was another
citriikei. Neville's taiiiboitrliie smashing and
wild dancing act was great and l was hoping
for a dance contest between him and Jerry
before the night was out. “Too Hot" was
defitrtteiy a Bob Marley nutribei with the pure
sound of reggae. The ending upbeat tempo
was powerful and had the stage shaking.
"Doesn't Make it Alright" was less manic. back
to a subtle reggae rock synthesis that bad the

crowd sliimmying like snakes. which was In»
teresliiig to watch also .lei‘ry got .so excited
that he tripped during his .solo.I “Stupid Marv
riage" had the band doing relay races. trading
licks and riffs wrlii aii tiitro sounding like the
Stones. “Rip This .ioiiit". Neville was off and
ruiririiig again with it towel wrapped around
his head. Aiiirtlici |||)lit‘i|l ending came about
and by this Hill“ 1 was exhausted just watching.
"Too Mticii Too Young" continued the
energized atmosphere. with drutiimer Brad
coritiriuiirg the strong backbeai. "Little Bitch".
'wliich included lWU liorii players. was purtcI
rock Again the lyrics were lost tinder thLl
sound. htri it cranked so well that nobody really
noticed "A Message To You Rudy" was
another song dedicated to the youth of today;
reggae witlr some tiice irorii .solos. "Nite Klub"
continued nice charges of pace within the tune
itself. charging from front to guitar solos. the
next song. which also doesn't appear on the
debut album. had more good instrumentals
continued on page nine

    

 

 

 

 

 

