 

'-'r «am a-.. ,.

creamer .

   
 

Page ’stir‘ ‘ ‘

llo llulres In Our Garden ’

Between the dates of September 19 and
September 23. 1979. a series of concerts were
given at Madison Square Garden. These were
the MUSE (Musicians United for Safe Energy)
concerts, and they brought together a rather
unusual conglomeration of performers. which
is probably why the resulting three-record
soundtrack is somewhat lacking. ln trying to

Laurel Solomon

attract a large audience. totally different types
of music were brought together. and the
listener will find himself skipping around quite
a blt.‘ rarely listening to a side in its entirety.
This album is. however. a statement of an

 

event. and is of value from that perspective.

Actually. the music is better than i had ex-
pected. The two main purposes of the album

 

Jackson rowne. one of the Muse
founders: A celebration of social con-

science.
are to raise itioitr'y fur llit‘ nu nukes (tliht'

and to let tht.r public knov. of the dangers of
nuclear power This is all right and good. but l

ivould prefer to purchase an album on \klllt’li.

the music is the main priority There are wry
few really bad cuts. btrt many versions are not
better or. for that matter. even tllflt’lt in than
the originals. which sec-ms to lend little ptrr
pose to owning this album There are a few
highlights on the record. however. like the
learning up of Jackson Browne and Bruce
Springsteen and The E Street Band

Side One opens With The Doobie Brothers
“Dependin' On You". which comes off quite
well in concert. This could be attributed to the
fact that The Doobies are one of the few hands
on the album who are really suited to playing a

Emma

Wait-

The sky did not shine today. it offered only
a dull gray frown — a downcast exprssiorr —
upon us all. Nothing reflected. Everything ab-
sorbed the dull shadows and chased the
clouds. until they ran into one another in their
frenzy. Became one huge shapeless mass of
swirling winds. cold to the touch. absorbing to
the eye. empty to the mind. The trees
shivered on their miniscule islands of grass
amidst the concrete ocean. A different type of

Bruce Wulkan

 

 

gay: a never ending body with those
microscopic glistening organisms so early con-
fused as rock. But we know differently. A day
whereyourbloodfroaesolldasacube in your
veins and you ceased to think. When clothes
onyourbadtcovereddrasklnlmtnuthe
brrmpir.nottl'iechiiiinthemarrowofyour
bones. And the trees. their leaves gone with
the wind. ask to come lmide. Thek branches
claw at the windows upstairs (can't you hear?)
like an old man's scragglly lingers clutChlng to
the breath that exapes through a weaze. And
the wind, absorbing the air from your lungs.
the life from your body. leaves you standing In
the middle of the dull gray ocean; transfixed-

 

 

cn your rubber island. You.vtoo, are a tree.

  

Albany Student Press

hall as large as the Garden.
They are followed by Bonnie Raitt doing
her version of the Del Shannon classic.
"Runaway". She does some nice guitar play-
ing. and her enthusiasm comes across more
than most of the other players on the album
She follows this with John Prine's “Angel
From Montgomery". 3 nice folk~blues type
song.
Enter John Hall. ex-Orleans guitarist. the
poet of the movement. He opens with his
“Plutonium is Forever". and follows with
"Power". the anthem of the no nukes move-
ment. during which he is Joined by The
Double Brothers and James Taylor "Just give
me the warm power o/tfre sun. iirsl give titt’
the steady flow a] the inner lull. git-a fllt’ the
spirit of [wing things rust gli‘r.‘ mu (he
rusit'c'ss porcer rift/re lL‘l'lifS. guru llit' IfiL' corn
flirting 91km of the wood filt‘. but plenty trrl'u
‘tfr' 3.1m! rilirliiir pursuit [lli‘iv'l tit: <7; "
Sula TU.” Irl‘it‘lis ttrth rltlill-f‘ Tatlnr (I

 

Sunni (rialram t'\'.:~lt running up .

 

f)’.fr}ll'\. "

.\ rl.i~-~tr vs: ‘1
tr‘A 'tilltll tlr.r inwplv: il'r tlit

kL'l l t'dii" l it '.'.rrl. lt'i‘iiig

  
 
  
 

lli'l ‘t't'l‘ lll'
ll.. (nililt'li rtiiilrl tilllilt'f :ntv a l:‘~'ll1-‘lil sixth
a~ this

Next t'nrrtus (italrain .‘\a~lr \ "L'atltr'dral". .‘i
witg :nxpzrud l‘\. an and ir:p This cut UiiillN
off aura/ingly well live. ewn Without the fine
\llttlIU production of the original The vocals
am also rgxcvllunt. perhaps own lh'ilt’l than
the original

Graham Nash is now l')l|)L‘tl bi. Jar ksoii
Browne for "The Crow on the Cradle", a
rather l>iii|liUti> lullaby "The cruu‘ on the
cradle. llit’ black the white. sornehucfy's baby
was born jar a light. the crow on the i‘Hltflc‘.
the while the black. somebody's baby is not
turning brick . [or we've got ri toy that can
put you to sleep " There is some nice fiddle
playing by David Lindley followed by the
Browne classic. "Before the Deluge" '

Side Three opens wtth Nicolette Larson.
backed by The Doobie Brothers. doing her

 

We are in between worlds now: an aban-
ipned orphan stuck in the pulsating vacuum

a separate world. Ev h
either dead or dying. Fall taxefl‘ghg'f'a‘fr‘fgox
of colorful leaves are gone. replaced by the
dull gray that resembles nothing alive. The
leaves pile high & liner the laws: Work for
Harry on Sunday afternoons in between halls
of the Michigan-Ohio State classic. The
shortest leaf raking excursion on record
Meanwhile. a nameless woman. (i once knew
her name; a long time ago. Was it a dream?)
sighs and squeezes the dirty sponge mop into
the bucket while she envisions an aging exec.

.5... , ,. ...»W~.-a...v—.......

 

 

 

 

Neil Young hit. “Lotta Love". May as well
listen to the original. for this version lacks its
polish and smoothness.

Ry Cooder follows with "Little Sister".
which is a change in style from the rest of the
album. an innocent rock ‘n' roll song.

Sweet Honey in the Rock. an all-vocal
group. follows. l'm all for giving unknowns a
chance. but not when l shell out ten dollars for
an album only to suffer through stuff like this.
They harmonize \vell. yet come offas distinctly
unmusical. pain for the ears. Gil Scott-Heron
provides some relief with his “We Almost Lost
Detroit" Another specially‘tallored no nukes
song. it states "Just thirty miles from Detroit
they built a grant power station. and it ticks
each night as the city sleeps. maybe seconds
/mnr annihilation "

Jesse Colin Young follows with "Get
'l'ogeihvr." ubich is nicely done. but he lacks
llio' «mini lirni which i .aw liirti «ixliibit at the
irt'wi. f’atl‘ irril‘. zihvrv lit: lta‘l Zillmlllli pm;

 

yaw «lliii‘ _i :tl'nug ‘.'.illl lunt

 

\i‘lr l-wur upwrr~ \killi lfagriru doing 2'ii'ir

lrrli -l(t hit "You (.'.rn't (.‘lrtrnqv That", and
liirfih' ('haka l‘fllrlli -.i.'rtlt ‘flnr'rr You ('wt
Startr'rl" lle is llrlllr'.\t'tl hi, ~lritlit'bu Taylor's
"f'aptaiii Jim's Drunken llruani" which pro
funk itilrr folk-
rock 'l'ltvn combs 'l'aylor's itiL’t‘lV done
"llrrrrt'y llnn't l../\ H and
"lvlnrltrngbrrd". for which he is )tillit'il. of
turn-m. by title ('trrly Simon

\lilt's for an rniurvsttng suguu

Lea t'u

Pom opt-its tip the nle side with their
"Heart of the Night". followed by Tom Petty
and ilit.’ l'leartbreaker's “Cry to Me". a nice
blur-5 PICCL‘ Now comes lllL‘ piece dc
resistance. Bruce Springsteen and the F Street
Band turned by Jackson Browne for “bray'.
This sL'L’iliS to be the highlight of the album.
not so mirclt musically as for the introduction
of Bruce Springsteen and the combining of
Springsteen and Browne. There is sortie good
sax playing by Clarence Clemens.

Bruce and his band continue with the "Devil
With the Blue Dress Medley". which includes

/ .

   

. A
with a. touch of gray" instead. Such ls life
e re still waiting for the first snow That
puffy white blanket that envelop: the world in
its charm & spirit. Cover: the dead with not
life: something better: Animation. A dreamy
tranquil world of fantasy where a puff of white
is a weapon and your flexible flycr Is your best
friend. Where a heap of snow 8r ice -— a
sloppy mess" to stuffy businessman with their
game of profits — Is a castle of )eWels sparkling
in the cold clear sun to be defended for one's
honor. You live in this winter wonderland
forever — or until your lips turn blue your
skin cracks 8: whitens under the biting' teeth

 

January 29' 198“
\

"Devil With the Blue Dress". “000.16..
Miss Molly". and “Jenny Take A Ride‘rol"
great: extremely high energy. and the "
dience loves it. a"

The last side brings Davtd Cro
Stills and Graham Nash together. with “Y
Don't Have to Cry". which features Stills:J
guitar and the three Voices. ttith no one”:
companiment. Beautiful! This is followede
“Long Time Gone". Speak out again
happenings if you still can and still flnlieiliu
guts to." and "Teach Your children". liliirfi
featuresthe audience singing a: the uni Th.
seems to epitomize the ptwlili‘iti irirlr git.
album in a musical Context. Ill t‘mi il ul‘
ly a statement of an «’U'lii it t
to hear the entire MSG . it
along. but it is not |ll|i~ti a},

55y. Stein.

st some

  

.r rapidly. i

mean. when you buy a rm .r i  it“...

    

Bruce kept it gorng while CSN (loll)
kept it glowing.

hear CSN singing. nor tl-- r ‘

The Doubles i'lirsi' llrw r‘.‘ r . . 

 

 

Nukes entourage doinq l at ' ~ i" -

good version of "Taking Ir r t 'n ttr.-:~
All in all. the N. Nuiw- ..

album. but certainly not

went to any of the Uilii .‘i'

this package as a sornurm

you're looking for. llt'lli‘l in: .

the individual iltlial‘a ultu arrrn r

    

lection. Perhaps the i“... rttli\.~‘.~
thought that this was lltr’ lit ' .i t, in .ttlulili
the public (if their \‘li'\k~ 'r:\ liliil‘lr‘ill

 

should speak for itself 'lhwrv “lrirllltl lw no
need to appeal in the [illlllli ~r.r llI intuit
rather than their concern for :t.
to get their point across

 

 

r r lt\lliilllllt‘l'il
O

‘1

 

from above. your eyes warm 3: run we only
blurs of streaking white flash Allil lllt'il iiilo
the house 84 the joking scorn of thy myriad.
Who Wraps you warm tlilLli’l' blankrrt‘. of lnt‘iik

""5 your stomach with that liquid iltlltl Tlivsc _

are the carefree days of i't’t‘ltlirss abandon. 01
untamed innocence bathud iii a in’li‘i’l‘ml
question: why Is this & not that" i‘lw ttlm'lo"
l5 never answered. The (lays pass \tt’Iflly. li’dV'
ing their people behind to Cope with tlw Wild
& their identities.

We awake to find ourselves on line. {allow-

ing each other up the emotional ladde' 0f
maturity. Wtih heavy feel we strain to kWP
up: the mad rush to nowhere sped” do”
not require us to think. in fact. the ovals.“
with the fleshy face 8r decal"ad sl’m'hln'e'v
Quakes Kc vaporizes into form 10253A55 I r
when we ask why. But he is soon replaceds‘
we are reminded to keep 0‘" "‘oulh "w"
cheek to the rock. 81 0995 ‘0 me g'o'md
because the hill is long & we've come too in:
go to window 7 8r tell them your lD number
Please remember our motto. Wthll '5 mm"
on virtually any bathroom stall: Ours is iiol '0
reason why . . . . it

And l don't know about you birt ll“ 5“
waiting with only one foot in the (foul Ki me
other In the memories of tranﬁllht'ml' an"?
tlon.

 

 

lint-3?? avatar" “
MQJMZAEE

Frank Zappa has long suffered from an im—
age problem. No 'matter how complex.
sophisticated. or down right funky his band
gets. he may forever be fixed in the public eye
as the man who took a shit on stage. He has
brought his Mothers of invention to the cutting
edge of rock innovation (if they were ever
anywhere else). Yet such legend and lore stir-
round him. and pin him to the days when a
song laced with four-letter words was enough
to elicit cries of "Freak me out. Frank!"

Rube Cinque

Baby Snakes is a semi-concert film on the

 

' order of the Grateful Dead movie. containing

concert and backstage footage mixed with
animation. It erases arty doubt that Zappa too
has a devoted following. The audience parv
ticipaiion segment features true Zappa freaks
iti varying degrees and shades of bizarre ac-
tion. 'l'he'anirttalion in this case is a fantasy in
clay. assutiihled by Bruce Bickford. truly 'a
genius iii the field. His clay rendition of Zappa
dancing on a film-editing machine is just thLI
beginning of an endless sea of faces transform-
ing into castles. becoming naked women.
dissolving into cars. atth blossoming into

Mime

The Onion Field is tin alternately powerful
and disappointing liltri. Fed up Willi big-studio
hutcheries of his novels, best-selling author
Joseph Wambaugh wouldn't sell lhem his

Jim Dixon,

 

non-fiction book. The Onion Field. Instead he
wrote his own screenplay and produced it
himself. A lint/budget film. The Onion Ficlrf
emphasized human personality over fast ac-
tion and screeching lites. a refreshing change '
from the run of—iltc' mill cop film. Unfor»

 

John Savage given another brilliant
performance In The Onion Field.

tunately. the budgetary limitations frequently
show on screen. -

The largest problem the film faces
dramatically is the problem faced in any story
that is inherently open-ended. Where do you
end it? The Onion Fluid builds up a good deal
of suspense to a harroWing climax. and then
drags on for another hour as we are treated to
excerpts from the longest criminal trial in
California history. What's worse. the trial
became a sideshow. as Gregory Powell, a cer-
tlfiable lunatic. conducted his own defense.
crossexaminirrg his own mother about track
events he participated in in high school. After
the first trial and liinumerable appeals. there
are several places where the movie seems to

Aibiiriy Stildérit‘l’féss ‘ '

Snake it “P933

Te Biggest Mother of them all. Frank “Baby Snakea" Zappa In more than

your average freakout.

gargoyles. As good as the concert footage Is.
these serpentine bits of ceramic mutation
come very close to stealing the show.

Filmed on Halloween. 1077 iii New York.
the concert features Zappa's Terry Bouio
band. percussolds and illl. and precipitates
Zappa's impending break with Warner
Records. As a result. Zappa irinkus more than

  

../"

 

a few pointed comments about Warner. Peter
Frampton also gets a jab with Zappa's parody.
“I've Been in You". “Disco Boy" predates
"Dancing Fool." and describes quite accurate-
ly what young men will do for some physical
gratification. Terry Sonic). the illllllllilt’l. lil'
- furs the best solo of the supporting caste ()nly
Zappa's individual efforts are as captivaling.

nion Field ls

want to and. yet is forced onward by Warn-
bauglt's lnsistance on showing the entire story.
Director Harold Becker's hand seems uncerv
lain In several sequences. most notably in the

trial scenes. which become over-long and.

rather tedious.

What sets The Onion Field apart. and in fact
makes it a film worth surging. is the superb ac-
ting. complimented by some excellent direc-
ting whtrre it counts. James Wood. who won
some well-deserved accolades for his perfor~
malice iti Holocaust. plays Powell. He's
frightening. Wood is a perfectionist who won't
do shlock. He asked for retake rtfter intake to
perfect the sequence when he asks his two
police officer prisoners if they've ever heard of
the Lindburgh Law. Just before lii.’ shoots one
of them. It was worth the effort. ()irscrer'n.
Wood's nervous. quiet "I told you iric liit’rL‘
going to lot you go . . " is frir mort- terrifying
than arty amount of chewing thr- carpet could
have been.

John Savage. as Karl llettingcr. the
policeman who survived the night iii the onion
field only to be driven to severe depression by
guilt. turns in another iii his series of line per
formances. Savage also ages onscreen more
believany than most young actors,

Yet the show is alriiost stolen by Franklyn
Scales as a simple thief and chronic convict
who is pulled into a nightmare by Powell.
Scales gels numerous chances to emote. and
doesn't waste them. He [)I‘t')]t.'ClS pure fear in
his best moments.

The Onion Field has become somewhat
controversial for its depiction of Powell's
homosexual tendencies. and his partner Jim-
my Lee Smilh's accession to them in order to
get Powell to modify his story in cotrrt. The
most blatant scene of this nature takes place in
a prison shower. and it is here that Wood's
portrayal of Powell takes on real power. When
Smith gets on his knees in front of Powell.
Wood reacts like a pontiff having his ring kiss-
ed.

Though not an action film in the tradition of
Clint Eastwood epics. The Onion Field does
have its share of violence. which it handles
graphically enough to more than justify an
R-ratirig. The onion field scene ltsclf features a
closeup of a bullet hole being blown in a
man's face. and an attempted suicide witness-
ed by Smith in prison. features a totally explicit
and quite protracted wrist-slitting.

The tone of the film. and the R-rating. one
would think. would convince most parents not
to bring small children. Even if the parents
know nothing about the film itself. you'd think
by now most people would know what an
Rsruting meant. Nonetheless. several: very

young children were in the audience Saturday .

night. l'd have loved to have known how the
parents explained some of the above so-

quenct's. (“Mummy why is that man ltllt‘i'l
irig':"')

Considering Ihcl power The Onion f‘lt'ftl has
iii its best mnrtients. it's a real pity that the
overall product isn't more satisfying Too
many years are skimmed over as the flllll pru-
gressos. and after the onion lll'lfl scone. their)
really isn't a climax. Wumbatrgh's script SL't’lll‘i
more concerned with tying up every con
ceivahlu loose end, and interestingly. this
seems unnecessary. | felt there were several
perfectly good places in and lhe film lwfore
the credits finally rolled, and I would have

Poems
The play is flipping
before my eyes.

l see nothing.
and in this nothing.
l see me.

it is industrious
to cry out.

it is the thing ‘
to sigh out

of pity.

But i am dry
of it.

My tears

are salt

and wrinkles
have left illusions
built on borrowed time.

Min

 

 

Pass-Sew. _

I r

AW

by"

although all display imposing technical pro-
wess. Bozzlo also shines in "l Promise Not to
Come in Your Mouth". a song mock-
dedlcated to a publicity photo of a guitarist
named Punky in a band called Angel (yes.
they do exist).

Seven years ago. when l first saw him.
Frank Zappa was an underrated guitarist. Hls
solos are — well. snakelike; they can go on for
an awfullylongtime without becoming the least
bit tedious. and his fuzz-tinged rock tone
serves to balance the lazy leanings of his
band. in Baby Snakes (now do you get the tl~
tle'r'). he stepped out front a few times. and
each solo was cheered wldly by the audience.
Seven years later. Zappa is still underrated as
a guitarist. and barely recognized as a
composer-bandleader-arranger.

Baby Snakes is not presently appearing in
Albany. As a result of distribution hassles.
Zappa has taken on the business end of it
himself. and is presently screening the film at
the Victoria Theatre on Broadway at 46th St.
in New York. It will probably be there during
the February break. or it may make it up here
before then. Either way. do not miss Baby
Snakes it will dispel arty misconceptions you
might have about Frank Zappa. the artist. 0

happily accepted any of them to get things
wrapped up a little more quickly.

Another curious problem. considering
Wainbaugli's experience as a police officer. is
that there seems in be little feeling for the lives
and work of policemen. The story seems
strucltitcrl in balance the cops with the rob»
hers. hill the robbers get all the best scenes.
The film wrirlrs bust in the sequences when the
cops and the robbers are Uri-screen together.
ll's a pity tlrvre Weren't more of them

Wlll'll The Union Flo/d works. however.2

works wall. and is Worth seeing.

A message to pessimists
before it is too late . . .

ln this age

of bureaucratic corruption.
social and political upheaval.
and the impending doom

of a nuclear holocaust;

if one fails to find joy
in an ocean breaker.

or a flower petal;

what is the point?

 

 

Nancy Dunlop

 

a.

 

 

