c.»

Rumba“

A‘H

A v“ :1“:ng

 

2" "f. '-f

. .V..—u-m.....m.__.m_.h . n, .

 

 

 

Ease Four V ' _A r A
molested.

very time  finish seeing a John that still doesn’t stop it from belngacrummy

Cassavetes movie, I vow that l’m movie.

never going to see another. Then Gloria has a very simple storyline. A cou-
the next one comes out, it gets good reviews ple In trouble with the mob (Julie Cameron
and i know it will be my only chance to see and Buck Henry) ask Gloria, an ex-gun

Gena Rowlands. so I go and end up feeling moll who doesn't even like kids. to take care
Suckered again. of their 6 year old son before they get treated

' - ' " to a God/aiher-style execution. Gloria and
Mark Rossrer

film than have to run for their lives through

the streets of New York. trying to avoid

Cassavetes is one of those writer-directors gangsters who want to kill the kid and get the

who tries to make his films look like they obligatory book of names, dates and places

weren't written or directed. He attempts 'a that his lather left him. Cassavetes sets up

documentary quality. but the out of focus this simple, but by no means uninteresting

shots, the bodies roaming in front 'of the premise rather effectively in the first twenty
camera, and the excessive length of his
“statements,” seem more sloppy than

minutes and then drags it out for over two
hours. We see Gloria and Phil get into cabs.
anything else. They look like a mixture of We see Gloria and Phil get out of cabs.
porno ,movies without sex, and home We're compelled when Gloria and Phil
moviesmade in someone's living room. The check into countless hotels. We're enthralled
last aspect is accentuated by his use of when they check out of them the next day.
friends and relatives in everything from Perhaps best of all is the way Gloria and Phil
leading roles to extras. Therein. however. get on and off buses. Every once in a while
lies part of Cassavetes‘ problem. He is not to add a little action. Gloria shoots people or
just your average Joe talking about the pro- does something else to show how tough she
blems of the common man. His friends are Is. This Is quite simply a boring movie that
Peter Falk and Ben Gazzara and much of the has no intellectual or emotional ramifications
New York theatrical communtiy. whatsoever, it almost makes me wish for the
l have nothing against Cassavetes or his social pretentions of Cassavetes' previous
friends. and l don't begrudge his lifestyle. lt's features. but only almost.
just that films like Faces and A Woman This is obviously Cassavets idea of sltimm-
Under the Inﬂuence. contrary to what he ing it with a fun. trashy kind of movie. Gloria
may think. have nothing to do with the com- isn't any fun and it's not panicularly trashy. ll
man man and woman in today's society, ano‘name director made this movie it would
Well. with Gloria. Cassavetes gives his be called dull, contrived. predictable. sen-
method a little technical polish and takes the timental. and derivative. but because it's
sociological aspects out of the storyline. but Cassavetes. it suddenly becomes a touching.

IhevBledEumle

 

carefully paced homage to the gangster

movies of Hollywood's Golden Age. This

kind of double standard Is bullshit. A bad
movie is bad no matter who makes it — and
Gloria is bad.

When l reviewed 10, I said that Julie An-
drews and Gena Rowlands should dump
their husbands (professionally) and start
looking for projects worthy of their talents.
After seeing this. i stand by it. Rowlands is
one of the most gifted actresses working to-
day and except for an occasional role in a
T.V. movie. she works almost exclusively for

Cassavetes. It's as understandable as It is un-_

fortunate; Cassavetes writes certain proiects
exclusively as showcases for her Incredible
talent. Opening Night and A Woman Under
the Inﬂuence (in which she was magnificent)
were tailor-made for her. There is nowhere
else that an actress gets that kind of treat-
ment so she keeps giving life. to his projects.
Here she embodies everything that the film
was meant to be — she's witty. strong.
touching. and just a little bit campy. It's a
great performance. John Adams. who plays
Phil. is another story. This kid is as obnox-
ious and talentless as he is lnexpresslve. I
realize it's not exactly fair to take pot shots at
a 6 year old. but this boy gives one of the
worst children's performances l've ever seen.
Obviously not every child can be Justin
Henry. but it would have been nice if
Cassavetes could have found one who could
say lines convincingly.

Bill Conti's excessively dramatic score is
indicative of most of the film. During the
opening sequence of shots of New York.

' November 25, 19

ﬂab Is On Screen

it.
‘ G e n a
_ : Rowland: u
3 Gloria: an ex.
cﬁtﬂlonai ac.
tress. stuckin
“'9 Patti
tailor-made
for her by
h u s b a n d .
w r i t e r -
director John
Cassaveter.

 

  

Conti's seer: highlighted in. billy Ont-go‘s
fine sax solos. is pulsing .
chase scenes in Built”
seems to fit the dumb.
shouldn't blame Crinti l‘.i
the only sound that a» ‘ll' : :-
is a snore. .

‘f ll \‘.r‘it‘ tlir

 

   
   

. “~llL' lit‘it’l
maybe tit

‘ ‘hE

 
 

But The Sage Is New Riding High

the Riders sound. a unique blend of country
and rock. with a certain quality all their own

They have grown to a Six man hand with the
addition of Michael White on bass. Allen
Kemp has moved from bass to his natural in»
sttutnent. guriar. while John Dawson is now
piayiirg amustrc guitar again Rounding out
the band are liirw Nelson on lead guitar.

6' riday night. the assemblage at J.B.
J $20le was treated to a most ex-

lent performance by the New
Riders of the Purple Sage R:d:rtg high from
completzon of a new album. than his! in two
and one half years. the Riders hate been

Ellis Albright

sounding their best in recent appearances.
Buddy Cage's sparkling pedal steel work. the
h1g'nlzgh: of the show. flowed effortlessly
through the two 5 s which were comprised
 dd fammes. a i H in. material from the
soon to be release. Heln' Al; Right. their
eietenth album

Since Budd

January 1

. r
cc.

 

Patrick Shanahan on drums. and of course.
.iuddy Cage on ;‘ 'dal steel guitar T‘aw'mn
and Nelson are urzgtnal members. and Cage
turned lll Ntiyettibcr l‘lTl .h Jeni. Carcra's
Patrick Shanahan pulled in
rnzd 107? after Spencer Dryden became the
band's manager Allen Kemp replaced Skip
Batttn in July 1973, uhtlc the newest
member. Mike White. started plant. t luly
Noll With three guitars bung used. .tit‘rc :\

 

replacement

    

 

.agc's return to the Riders in _
. ing one and one half years
absence or a rig stints with the Novato
Ft .k Band and the San Franctsco All
Stars). he has become the musical center of

f Box Seaggs Misses 'l'ha
'l'arget With “Hits”

it was 1976, more specifically the summer of 1970. that But Scaggs set in motion the
heart and minds of a generation of teenagers Silly Degrees was the portcnt of the future
— it had rock. soul. and even disco in a style that quickly launched 301 from the bargain
rack to the top of the charts Incidentally. the only other album that scaled as high that
summer was Heetwood Mac's monumental Fleetu‘ood Mac

As it turned out. Sill: Degrees became the lone bright flash in a sea of the artist's obli-
yton.
Audience interest sparked queries into this man's musical past. but most efforts drew a
blank, Similarly. the two albums that followed bore nothing of the talent exhibited in Silk
lt was just a fluke. most reasoned. a successful experiment in style. but Just an experiment.
it is 1980, getting very close to the grit-giving time. and a year when current mediocrity
forces the revrelease of many greats (and rto-sogreats). Witness the second coming of
Heart. Fleetwood Mac. The Doors. Supenranrp. and yes. 802 Scaggs
The album is called Hits. and it contains eight of the perhaps twelve Scaggs songs that
have received airplay Two songs come from albums preceding Silk Degrees and three are
from followups tincluding Urban Coriboy's "Look What You've Done to Me"). leaving
three from Silk and one prerrously unreleased cur.
Hits misses the point if arty purpose could be 91‘. on to a 802 Seaggs greatest hits album.
it should be to present a history of a lesser known artist — evenly balanced. even if it
means gloss::rg met some of the popular stuff Instead of being a portrait. though. Hits is
an abstract. The datelrnes bounce through a decade faster than H 0 Wells could have
dreamed But the fixation remains with 76's chart rapper and this year's Middle Man
i don't know if this album was Bo: Scaggs' idea. or if it's an exec's way to balance the
books but it :s a cheap attempt if you or anyone on your shopping list wants some 801.
buy Stlk' Deg'cr’s « it shows what good production-and arrangement can do. But by all

\oieans. {up His — Ron 1.0091

 

(

      

 

 

.i renewed trcsfincxs :n the mund ~ wry full
and tight knit
The first set included three songs from the

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

first record and live off the new one
"Glendale Train." “Fifteen Days Under the
Hood." and the dope sttiuggler's anthem.
‘Hettry." ~ all Rider standards. started
things riff on a very positrye note The title
track from Feeltn' All Right was next Allen
Kemp took the vocals for “No Other Love"
and "Tell Me." while vltilllT Dawson sang
"The Way She Dances" and “Sara Lynn "
All but songs will probably appear on the
new album It you have we thorn lately you
are already familiar with the new tunes. as
the Rider: hayc been playing them for a
\klillt’ The classic "Louisiana Lady" closed
the lll>.l so: A great second wt was bang ari-
t1cepaied by all iii attendance

lt start-3d till \cry litr‘py’ily with "I Don't
Know You." another Rider :1.i<_~':c off the
first album. and the momentum built up as
the shiny Dinglt‘asc’tl ltlllli-_‘i "Red Hut
Women and [co Cold Beer" followed The
:‘.~.‘\l two songs. "Furl Mu in .it Mnlnight" and
Crazy Little Girl." both limit} the new album.
had the Rider) ramming tn the hzlt. with Bud-
dy Cage and Ddh.‘ Nelson swapping slide
solos until they torncd together and hrougl’t

 

the band to new crrntticrzc llCiglilS. a trait that
had escaped them in the past few years
“Dirty Busrnoss." an old time favorite hardly
played. was done Just perfectly as Buddy
Cage was tilting his steel. getting all possrble
sounds of beautiful distortion that he could
rtianagc. Another new tune. with light \‘i'
storiaty quality. was "Day Dream Girl "
“Poco Loin Man." a reggae mix of sorts

' t ' . 
'u I'lilht with tharctum of Buddy CB

about a Hawaiian itrzl I : ’ '
dealer. a
"Man ewood Blucw,
sung by Dave Ne» '
following four "
finally got the at
and clapping
Cowboy” and
Crowd. which was ‘

 

fayriritu 

 

 

 

   
 
  
 

 

the run sets. u.
up and boogie

\h.’ EVGTL’ lliléilc’ l'

   

encore was "Rut
credible author;

must ot‘ xiblu r

 
 

frritt‘.

great in

Hating gin.

 

tire Riders sct‘
:ticinselucs as 1" t

Cuttlritc‘l kslil‘. .-\:.-.‘-'. li-
appearanrc . '

Mier thtc i'
guztat, have .i;.l.n
Buddy L‘
tirin arid dining

 

  
  
 
  
   
  
    
   
 

 

 

stitiritl

   

llurd pedal 4ch play :13 - “ r'
lacking before ll . . i . .
llintl is eyrdcnt of For.
be a most succcc.
rig its release in early '
most likely be back 2".
theast once again Du
chch out the if \ '

 

 

 

 

 

ding owning of niuszt'

   

ge (ll

 

T INovember 25.»1980¥

. cable muslclanshl .

WWW

or...

i

3.1M..El

svt....-..u.r-.a-....-...—.--«.v.....-ye»..—.

A '4
,_

.. onT ,

J

 

.n....t......v..,.v...~.....-.....~..-...p.a.-y...c~1.-u.r».~t.u.-~....r.

(

 

‘Puge Fluel

Limited Pleasure In, Incomplete Rockplle

o matter howl look at It. liust can't
(/l/help but view Friday night's
Rockplle concert as a disappoint-

ment. It wasn't that the band didn't have
most of It's usual flair, charm, and Impec-
But with the virtual

Rob Edelstein

absence of Dave Edmunds as an influencing
presense. the band was forced to shift the
direction of their show.

The change In the expected songs per-
formed caused the group to play some bare-
ly rehearsed tunes. and to make mistakes on
other. more rehearsed tunes. The best l can
say is thay they tried.

For the first two songs. the band (Nick
Lowe — bass, vocals; Dave Edmunds —
guitar. vocals; Billy Bremn'er — guitar,
vocals; and Terry Williams — drums)
played. Lowe sang. and Edmundsjust stood
and strummed. After these songs. Lowe an—
nounced that due to illness. Edmunds would
not be slnglng. it was ‘q'uitea surprise. but it
was nothing compared to what was to
follow. Rockplle played all but a few of ihe
songs which Edmunds usually sings. and this
left the very capable but unpreparedLowe.
and the rarely used Bremner to deal with all
the vocals.

A good may of the expected tunes were
played. and were performed well. but when
Lowe announced that they would “be play-
lng some oldies." he wasn't exaggerating.
“Sweet Little Lisa" was done nicely under

 

 

I the circumstances. with Lowe doing an ad-

mirable Job on vocals. “So it Goes” seemed a
bit rushed. especially on the vocals; "Heart
of the City" was energetic as usual; and
“They Call it Rock" really got the crowd
moving. However. with Edmunds rather III. I
got the impression tha'l 'he was even bc wing
out of some leads lit in these songs in favor

Thick ‘n Thin

 

 

of Bremner. and even though the latter is a
very good guitarist. he is simply not In the
same class as Edmunds.

The band played five songs from Nick
Lowe's Labor of Lust album. and the unfor-
tunate thing was that two of them would pro-
bably not have been chose as concert tunes.
“Cruel to be Kind." “Switchboard Susan."
and “Love So Fine" were all performed in
typical Rockplle fashion. But “Born Fighter"

Nick Lowe's vocals and stag:
presence carried the show for

Rockplle. photo: Tony Tau-rota
seemed to be done with a lack of prepara-
tion. and "Cracking Up." which doesn‘t ex-
actly rate as anything more than a typical
album cut. was played after Lowe admitted
that”we're a bit rusty on this one." The fact
that the band chose this tune over
“American Squirm." a song from that same

 
   

album. is beyond my comprehension.

It seems sad to mention that such outstan-
ding songs as “I Knew the Bride" (which
when performed live has a surperb Lowe-
Edmunds harony that sounds as if only one
voice is used). "Here Comes the Weekend."
“Girls Talk." “Craft/ling From the
Wreckage." and I‘lt's My Own Business"
were not performed. But the band even had
m'ore than the usual trouble performing
“Julu Man." a standard Rockplle concert
song from Edmunds’ superb “Get it" LP.
The norm in this song is for each of the three
front men to sing one of the verses. Bremner
sang the first verse and forgot the line. and
Lowe while singing the next two. seemed to
forget a few words himself. It wasn't very
comforting to see Bremner and Lowe smile
back and forth to each other during the
mess-up. while the virtually robot-like Ed~
munds. seemingly on medication. strummed
on.

Another mystery was the absence of songs
from the band's new album Seconds of

‘ Pleasure. "Teacher Teacher" and “Play That

Fast Thing (One More Time)" were well
done. but the show had a larger influence
frotn oldies. This seemed strange. especially
since the tour ls supposed to promote the
new record. Also, by riot performing the
new song "Heart." the band left much of the
audience unhapplly surprised.

Even though the concert was not as good
as expected. the group cannot be totally
faulted. Faced with the situation. they did a
very good job at keeping the pace going dur»
ing the incredibly short one hour show. With
Edmunds doing so little, Lowe had to pick
up much of the slack — a feat he ac
complished greatly Just by being himself. His
constantly moving left leg. stage antics
(including running back and forth and
salutitig at the audience). and colorful shoes
(that's right. shoes) added much need per-

sonality to the Show. Terry Williams was ef-
fective as usual on the drums. and he let
loose on a couple of good drumming spurts.
Bremner was quite good. although he show-
ed a disappointing lack of range on the
guitar. Edmunds' occasional leads werewery
good. but Dave was. unfortunately. )ust not
enjoying himself. ‘ .

After finishing the show with an excellent
cover of "The Wanderer.” with Bremner'on
vocals. the band played two one song en-
cores. and left the stage for good. it left me
to recall the last time I had seen Rockplle.
They had opened up for Blondie two sum-
mers ago at Belmont Park, and hadout-
performed the better known headliners. i
can't say they've lost anything since that
time. but all i can really say Is that. in com-
parison. the band is (quite seriously) one
hundred percent better with Edmunds. it can
all be written off to illness. but either way. l'd
prefer to think that If both Edmunds and
Rockplle get well soon. the band considered
by sortie to be “the future of rock 'n' roll,"
,can finish their tour without a hitch.

The opening band for Rockplle was Moon
Martin and the Ravens. The Ravens are
Dennis Croy on bass. Rick Croy on drums.
and Jeff Fargus on keyboards and backing
vocals. The band got the audience moving a
hit by performing some songs from their new
record Street Fever, and by doing two of the
more famous Moon Martin compostlons.
“Rolenu.” and "Doctor. Doctor" (the second
made famous by Robert Palmer). Martin was
extremely subdued during the show. but
Dennis Croy's frequent Jumping spurts were
enjoyable. The music was rather good and
and it seems as if Martin could really use a
break in the business. His songwriting is well
proven and he should have gained some
rrecognitlon on Friday night.

Live Rebirth For New Lizzy

n spite of recent slippage in
y popularity in the United States.

Thin Lizzy blasted their way into
J.B. Scott's Saturday night. facing one of the
few capacity crowds the area has seen this
year. Showcasing a brand new album entitl-
ed Chinatown. the band. sporting two.new
members, dosed downtown Albany with it's
first real heavy metal show in a long time.

Diarmuid Quinn

Thin Lizzy is a band that has received
small amounts of acclaim throughout a long
history of touring. and about ten records by
the band have gone virtually unnoticed on
the world market. Only an album entitled
Jailbreak. that sparked the band's only single
“The Boys are Back in Town." gave the
group a shot at large~scale success. The
group has played large arenas in the United
States as an opening act for Queen. among
others, and is ktiown for it's frequent Euro-
pean tours. marked by appearances in
numerous mid-sized halls.

Saturday's club appearance may have
been a step down for the band. but if it was,
the members of the group did not let it affect

t
their presence or performance. Phil Lynoit ls

 

 

the bass player, vocalist. arid primary writer
for the band. and he is the centerpiece for a
set of what surprised me as being a solid
combination of musicians. The most recent
additions to the band‘are “Sririwy"_Wlilte. a
quick and technically excellent guitarist. and
a young English keyboard player who. due
to the club size and acoustics, could not
(unfortunately) be heard very well on Satur~
day. White is the perfect complement to
Scott Gotham. the only American born
member of the band: White provided the
tight structural leads and Gorham put in the
guitar creativity. Behind the whole group is
Brian Downey. the original drummer still
with the band. boasting a style that is as clean
and fast as one can ask of a drummer with a
heavy metal band.

Aside from doing the expected material
front the Jailbreak LP, the band ran through
a number of selections from the new album
and went back to songs from thelr'flrst
record. as well as their 1979 release entitled
Black Rose; A rock Legend (Black Rose had
been the band’s latest market disappoint—
ment. finding no sales on this side of the
Atlantic). The new material put the band
back to the style of the Jailbreak album. and
received an excellent response from the

  
 
 
 
 
 
 

crowd. unlike the one cut that the band
played from Lynoit's recent solo LP. “King's
Call." a tribute that Lyitott says was written
for Elvis and Jimi Hendrix. did not have the
cut that Dlru Strriit's Mark Knopfler gave it on
vinyl. and provided the crowd with more of
a rest than anything else.

After a solid one and one half hour show.
the band was brought back for two encorcs

and more of Lynritt's thick lrish accent. The
band's srilid rapport with the crowd ls due.
primarily in Lynritt's ease. and the fact is that
~ unlike most of the new and very clec-
ironically oriented acts that have been tour-
ing —- the band really seemed to enjoy
themselves. and managed to draw the crowd
along with them. All in all. the show was a
refreshing return to rock 'n' roll, .

 

were,

never would be.

 

. W
l Memories

Gleaming yellow skulls stare out,
Never moving but always following.
Memories of times long forgotten,
Come ﬂooding back to haunt.
Relentlessly, they tear at minds,
Deeply buried in empty skulls,
While invisible tears run down,
Centuries jaundiced cheeks.

Crying for loved ones that never

And dreaming of loved ones that
Like twin films, the memories pass,

From one black void to the other,
A never ending loop‘of pain.

— Doug Wolf

    
 

 

 
 

 

