 

El Salvador:

viewpoint

Crisis in Central America.

. By S. Kuman
’ On Thursday, November 20, at 7:30 pm.
in LC 5, _representatives of popular
movements in‘Nicargua, El Salvador, and
Guatemala will speak at the University
about the situation in their countries.

At a time when the rising mass
movements in Central America and the in-
creasineg interventionist orientation of the
U.S. foreign policy seem to be set on a colli-
sion course, the three representatives could
make a useful contribution to our
understanding of the various problems fac-
ing their countries and the role of the
United r‘tates in Central America as a
whole.

in this sltort article, it is not possible to
analyze either the internal problems of Cen-
tral America or the impact of US. policies

itt that regiort. However, by outlining the‘

sitution itt El Salvador, 1 trope to draw the
reader‘s attcrttion to the general nature of
the crisis in Central American as a whole.

Tire present struggle in El Salvador is irt
my view the microcosm of tire political
realities of Central Antericu. it is becotnitrg
increasingly clear that wltat is happening in
El Salvador today will happen in other
countries in the years to come.

El Salvador is the sttrallest of the Central
American countries — roughly the site of
Massachusetts. it is the eiglttlr largest coffee
producer in the world. attd tltc largest itt
Central America. Until the 1950‘s. when
agriculture became more diversified. coffee
accounted for 90% of all exports. Today it
accounts for 44%. ironically, only instant
coffee is generally available inside the coun-
try. Production and export of coffee is corr-
trolled by an oligarchy (i4 families).

Since the historic uprising of 1932. wltcn
30,000 people were massacred. political
power has beett concentrated iii the lutrrds
of the nrilitur ' and the economy controlled
by the oligarchy. 'l'he post‘wtu' boonr lll
coffee prices incr-ttsed export earnings of
the oligarchy ftottr $19 million irt 1045 to
$76 million lll 1950. iii the 1950‘s, tr cordi-
lion of military officers. technocrttts and in»
dusttiulists made an alliance witlt the oligtttv
city. and tltcy decided to invest the surplus
earned frottr coffee exports lll ittdttstty.

ittdttstrittlittttion mainly took the forrtt o1
itttport substitution, i.e.,,creating industry
to produce manufactured goods that were
previously imported. llttt tire concentration
of wealth iii a few hands meant that the
country's internal market was small # only
the privileged few were able to buy canned
foods. jellies. soap and the like. The pro-

blem would have been mitigated if land
reforms had been implemented (2% of the
population owns 60% of the land). But
given the fact that most of the landowners
'belonged to the oligarchy, the land was not
touched. U.S. capital soon developed a
strong stake in the economy and played a
major role in making sure the ruling class
protected those stakes. U.S. investment in-

creased from $19 million in 1950 to $45

million in 1967. _

The industrialization iii the towns and the
concentration of land in the hands of the
oligarchy resulted in a steady deterioration
in the living standards of the vast majority
of the population. in the country-side, the
nunrbcr of landless increased more than.
two-fold. in the 1960's. Migrants swelled
the cities. living in slums. with no basic ser-
vices and little iropc of employment. These
conditions itave led the workers and
peasants to rebel. Their demands for better
living conditions attd land reform have been
met with intransigence and brutal repres-
sion.

The tnililary junta itr El Salvador has
over the years developed an extremely
repressive state apparatus. Tirey h.r\e been
aided itt this by the U.S. and israet. Bet-
ween 1957 and 1974, the U.S. Agency for
international Development (AID) spent
over $2 million to train Salvadorcan police
and to provide arms. communication
equipment and transport vehicles artd riot
control gear. H

Until the mid 1970's the US. was the ma-
jor supplier of arms to El Sal 'ador. itt 1975
lsrucl became the major Suppllcf.‘ and in
1977 El Salvador rejected military aid frottt
the United States. in anger over President
Carter‘s criticism of its human rigitts
rccot‘d. Recently. however, the U.S. has
committed a package of emergency
economic and military aid to the present
civilian military ruling junta. Military
assistance ttrrrounts to $11.5 tttiliiott * irr—
clrrding turrrs credits. training grants and thc
placcrrtcnt of US military training tcarns itr
lil Salvador w attd is intetlcd to bolster the

letters

  

mm... ... h. ,_

(comment

 

 

 

A Serious Note

To the Editor:

This letter is in response to Andy Sehaef—
fer‘s tactless criticism that appeared in last
Friday's ASP (Nov. 14). i would like to ad-
dress his remarks chronologically.

First off, i have-no dislike for the editor
of . . . But Seriously Folks. Bruce Fox (the
editor) called me ion the phone to compli-
mettt me on the letter i wrote to the ASP
that appeared in the Nov. ll edition. Bruce
and i have been friends for some time now.

Secondly, Schacffer missed the main
point of my letter. i wrote that tltc. . . But
Seriously Folks magazine was a waste of
time to read but more importantly that the
magazine was a waste of trees. i will stand
strong by this statement. With the massive
amounts of paper used atrd abused daily. it
is a shame to see 'more paper wasted
frivolously at the expense ofa few cltucklcs.
(I personally didn't laugh at any article in
the paper. although Schaeffer points out
that a few people did. On a campus of
17,000 students atrd faculty. what are a few
cotnpiirnenls worth?)

Scltacffer poittts out that the writers did
the best job they could. Even if that is true.
is that any reason to publish a magazine? 1
submit that it is not. All those who think
they are capable of being talented writers
are not. 1 question the ability of the writers
of IISI’.

'i'hirdly. Schaeffer poittts ottt that if i do
not want to read the magatine. 1 do not
have to. As a free person and an interested
student here on ctttttptts,'i have a rigitt to
read anything that i want. How was i to
know that the . . . liut St" 'ruo‘ir' Folks
magtt/inc would be as trashy us it was tttttiii
read it'.’ By looking at the cover"!

Most importantly. though (Scltttel'l'er,
this is the main point of my letter). i would
like to address Schaeffct's comment which
blatantly culled rtte a moron. Where the hell
he comes off culling ttrc a moron is a
mystery to ttrc. The fact that i did not find
the . , . llrtt Seriously Folks magazine
lrttttrorotts and the way itr which they cltose

topics jttstificd, does not label the a moron.
i resent this btrt will not stoop so low as to
deface Schucffct itt print.
lruts not trying to be ftttury itr my lttsl lc1~

 

 

faltering junta tiutt has failed to earn

mental capacity should be questimwd
especially since he. also missed the main
point of my last letter (kind’ofsad fora col-
lege student, don’t you think?). The day t
can emerge as a humorous and successful
writer, 1 will do so. (Maybe Schaeffet
should also do the same.) Until then. I will
continue to givo my opinion as every lllllllitlt
being in America has a right to do.

it is a shame that Sclraeffer cottid ttot
take the criticism 1 gave of fire . . . Inn
Seriously Folks magazine but it is tttote of n
shame that he (as a writer for US!) lliltl to
publicly announce his disapproval. This is
wrong.

Those who hold themselves up to the
public eye must be able to take the criticism
— Andy Sehaeffcr did not. Once again, I
question his ability.

1 apologize to the other writers of lib/-
for having to rehash my feelings about lltc
magazine. but i could not let Schacl‘fet in-
correctly label my mental ability. Urrtor-
tunately. Schaeffer is connected with your
magazine, therefore the magazine \Hts trt\
medium. ' V

-- Jeanne Marry

A United Voice

To the Editor:

ltr the Novenrher 12 issttc of Ulltt‘t‘l')tlt’
'News, Malcolm Sherman outlined his views
on University governance. Uttl'orttrnttlcl),
tlresc views tnerely replicate his long
standing. narrow-minded elitist attitude. in
this case i do not consider elrtistrr it detrr
tttent — all students respect it professor's
knowledge and status. a status that many or
us someday hope to achieve. The tlcltltttcnl
is. in fact, his narrow-mindcdncss which Is
just the reason stttdetrt irtpttt is needed.

Mr. Sherman proposes the cretrtiotr oi .r
"faculty forum." The creation of such .r
body has long been sug cstcd by I'ttculrr
and students alike. The reason is olrttotrx:
faculty often have difficulty tllsscttllttttltttt'
their ideas to their Senate t'cptcscltltttiu'r;
this body cottld be a fot‘um'for rrccc~~..rrs
discussion.

Unfortunately. Mr. Shcrnrrrrr lt.t‘
perverted the original idea of tr tut ults
forum by attempting to itrclttdc It It) lltt'
Utrivcrsity governance system. The student

 

 

ter. if Schaeffer thought so, mam

, ,. 

 

The first snowiln'splred us all I. . . so "we dumped
the editorial and now present you with'this staff
graffitii.—

Mun y ASP-ites found this task both difﬁcult and distur-
bing. Imagine . . . forcing journalists to express the fall-
ing powder. How could tirey possibly be objective? With
so many sides to a snowﬂake. something is bound to up-
ptmr biased? Just wiro, what, where, when, and irow cold?
It‘s the wee hours of the a.m. and right now I can ’I think
of any sight that looks as beautiful as this here first snow.

—R. i. B.

I ’m dreaming of bed. It's six run. and the forgotten
traces of sleep frotrr the night before barely remain. I walk
dormward and I see no birds. feel no wind, hear no
crickets. Everything is white. Tire snow surrounds me;
envelopes me. But instead of shivering. I'm warm. I can't
help but smile. I realize I'm completely alone except for
the white. Suddenly, the bed is unimportant. Tircsnow is
comfortable enough. —R.E.

Guilt. For me, show and gttilt go hand in gloved hand.
Tire first snow altr'uys‘ brings back memories of mother
shoving me out the door in scarf urtd gains/res, as the
Great "beat Dad to the shoveling so he shouldn't die of a
heart attack" Race got underway. But no rrtuttt'r how
quickly I zipped up my snorkel (Tire blue parka wit/r the
fttrry hood and orange lining), Dad was u/rwtys' tlrerefirst.
cutting perfect wallet] grooves with the aluminum shovel,
piling the Show up in neat little (lorries.

He loves it! So why should I .r/toi/ his greatest joy in life?
liecarts'e mother is standing at tire/rum door with her arms
crossed. Burned if you do and darned it you don't; the
great parental catch-22. —A (‘

The first snow is always exciting. I In wcwr, it looses its
delicacy tlll(/ beauty when I/It' dogs turn it yellow and tire
cursfade it black. [low can anyone appreciate the slur/r
and [/10 shoveling? . . . I love it! _s,(,',

I love the snow. . . it .l’t'llllftllt'ir the women from I/lt'
men (IS they frc me waiting twenty minutes for tire [)t’tl-
green SUN Y/l—htts to plow its way It! the .vtmw—hrtrn'd
students. . . fiftil‘t‘t'b lilt‘ to study a little iiilll't' u.\‘ it makes
the wrtrnt lt'hrury u more tI/Il'tlt‘lll’t‘ place to stuy. . . it
makes un- luugh ur tt'ult'il the "(Intern/titers. " who ("titl-
sider six illt’lit'.\ u rt'usotr to ('lti.\'t' down the rumpus until
' they can clear it uwuy . . . it forces ting/ups to stop WWI/‘-
ing thnst' ridicultntv ill‘t‘lsfufft'lli' of tumbling into it snow
bank and leaving their designer imprint [It'liflltl . . .—S.S.

-m,.... m4 ... ,

l was standing around one day twirling my golden locks
when a six billion pointed object struck me on my eyelash.
As I fall into a swoon, a tuxedoed man with a sensual
white chest lifted the up and waddled me into his igloo.
After I recovered, we nosed around, Eskimo fashion. I
was so happy. He called me his little pengullette. But I

' soon tired of his sad attempts at amusing me by bringing

me dead ﬁsh in his mouth. We had a terrible row. After-
wards there was cracked ice lying everywhere. He set me
adrift on a glacier. Now I work in the Hilton Hotel shovel-
ing buckets of ice for the guests, trying to forget . . .
—B. S.

Straw. . . was it Bleeker or West 4th Street? I don ’t
retrrenrber; everything was blurry. A spoon or a straw is
fine, but I prefer a rolled-up hundred dollar bill; it’s
smooth, and numbing, and . . . and . . . air . . . oh
yea/rhirl ‘ ——-R. G.

I faded back. and spotted a most un worthy receiver for
my aerial, squatted dawn behind a car. I rolled right,
avoiding the onrushing white defense, and set up — in
point blank range, with the receiver in the open. It was a
timing pattern, and right as he turned the ball would be
there. Precision is of the essence. I only get one chance,
and if I blow it the bull goes the other way. He got up too
quickly and I had to throw on the run because the pursuit
was too much. But the zing was still fit the old arm, and
the bullet was there — bulls eye. His ear .rtung, and he
cried out in an anguish that meant only one thing — the
snowball season ltad begun. —B I}

The ASP lturdly continues the behavior of those
students wlto take it upth themselves to roll nature’s
('r_t'.rlrtl ﬂakes into projectiles and launch them at their
fellow men or women. If they have all of this unnecessary
evt't's's energy, perhaps they are being fed too much. We
therefore propose that UAS adopt a rationing .rvstt’tn to
feed ettclt .\'/ll(l(‘lll no more than 1000 calories [lt'i' titty (500
calories rm Dutch Quad).

These iiittl’t‘SIlI‘t’ drastic, wert'alize, but our rib/igu-
trim is to the University's best welfare and, when
trer‘oswury. its orderly protection. —R.II. l..

’I‘lu'jirs‘t .rnurr went right through my turn shot-s. Ilft‘ll
grout ti.) I cruIrc/tetl down on the little/lakes. The putlt rtp
to the podium ll'tl.\ ulrt‘trriv buried so I had to iurprovist'. I
looked lutck to see my trucks planted in Iitut white sheet,
utrd I kept wit/king into the snowy mist. —-A.I\'.

 

 
 

....r .. t up-.. ... ._....-.- -.--4W

   

V ., .,.  s...”
The ball of white made a dull thud as It hit the wind-

shield af the car. Tité tires screamed as the old man lea

out of the ear and brundished the baseball but. "I told you

goddamn kids. . . ,.“ he screamed.‘ The last words were

mufﬂed under the syrhphany of snowballs ﬂying toward

the nemesis of youth. —D.B.

 

You 're sure this school Is the ugliest. you ’ve ever seen.
Then. all of a sudden, the first snow comes along and
transforms the hard concrete into something soft and
etherai. The harsh lines of the buildings became blurred
and unreal. The world becomes calm — the work and the
pressure isn't so important anymore. You walk' on the
blanketed podium and suddenly you 're not so sure . . .

' —C.B.

"You know you 're getting older when the ﬁrst sign of
snow falls, and rather than getting excited and anxious,
you get nervous, aggravated and downright depressed. " If
Miss Maluttowitz, my 5th grade teacher, knew what she
was talking about, then perhaps I can rest assured that I
have yet a few more years before my worries and respon-
sibilities outweigh all of my joys. ——..l. W.

Snow. like sex and war, is over-romanticized. I am try-
ing desperately to en vision thyself making sno w-angels on
the hillside by day, then escaping to the warmth of a cozy
fire and '44 cognac by night. Yet the images of obnoxious
junior itigh-sciroolers united with icebails and agonizing
minutes of waiting itr sub-zero weather for SUNY buses
remain all too clear in my mind. Damn the poets -— they
have disillusioned us all into submission . . . —S.M.

What is all this“ I hear about slow. I'm not slow and the
rest of us up here at the ASP aren '1 slow either. Infect, we
all work pretty durntt fast to put out this paper. But if you
want to .rcu slow, once I had this turtle when I was really
little, and ilt'rllat/ little. little spots on his tummy. I used to
tttrn hint on his back all the time and‘watch irinr try to turn
himself over —- but he never did. E ven when he was on his
stomach in- wuru 't fast though. He was always really 5/0 W.
Iiut it just goes to show you that it's always something; if
it '.v not one thing it 's another. _If it 's not a slow turtle, it‘s
some ridiculous [)t'rstttt asking you to write about being
.vlo w. —R. L.

At UCLA. there’s- no snow. I wonder what their editor
tt.\‘k,v them It! write about when he wants to get, off the
hook.

th'll, Iitcrc's' snow way! —E.IJ.

 

 

 

popular support. and which has declared a
stttlt.‘ of siege to pttt dowtr tlte jtrst struggles
of the people. .

'l'he stttggles are lead by the Revolu-
tionary Democratic i-‘ronl (FDR). which
consistcs of a number of mass Ul‘gillll/illltllts
such as i’opultu Revolutionary Bloc (ill’R).
l’opular l“ltl|l| for llrrificd Action (i’Ai’iJ)
turd l’ctrplcs league-Iii (LP-28). These
muss otgtuti/atiorts grew otrt of the

widespread struggles of the workers and the
peasants lit the 1960‘s and tire 1970‘s.

The l‘L‘\'tlltlllt)llill')‘ ttrovcttrcttt itr iil
Salvador contirirres armed struggle and
political strttgglc very creatively. and has
the support of the vast majority of rural
and urban \\otkct‘s, peasants. students,
teachers. clergy. and other sectors of socie-
ty. |t_i.s against this background that the
crisis in lit Salvador must ire viewed.

Wititoul US. and other outsidc support-.
the ruling coalition will not ltrst ntotc tlrurr .r
few months. With U.S. support, it “ill lust
a little lottger. ilut one thing is certain; lllt'
regime is doomed. The words of the tt'\oltt
tiontu'y poet Roqtte Dalton (izttcitr urn-.t ltt‘
haunting lltc rulers of 151 Salvador turd Ill.‘
U.S. Administration: "let us milieu” of rr«.
the half dead: irt the ntunc ofthc llllltdt'lcd.
Let us trttitc against the ttllll'tlL‘lct". of trII.“

 

 

 

Esau-ma

  

A017 1'
0W Tlllé FA

 

D W FAME

is”..er
1F (/00 straw ’
route

Titre» «ribs? ,,
LLL Sliwa

105m

 

 

 

 

“6/12 .
'WatbracEucur
as use?
f HA'tggwéﬂ? A
W 5er run
rum HOME
~00 MEET W
FAHlL‘K'

0
) AU Title owl/gar?

W559?
ﬁbrous.

 

 

 

   

' =   NWHJcsoout.

[r

meow. . 6...“, _, ,. M,“

 

 

government (SA) is a forum itr which
students tuuy discuss their ideas brtt it is
ttrosl certainly not included in the Universi-
ty governance system (how foolish tr ttotiotr
that would be).

lr‘urthcrmorc. Mr. Sherman‘s description
ol a faculty fotttttt would all but make the
existing University Senate a useless pttppct
body itt which tteitltcr faculty nor students
wottld desire membership. His faculty
forttttr would ire “senior to the Senate; and
have jurisdiction over any trrtttters it so
desired. it scctrrs that Mr. Sherman's only
reason for retaining tltc Senate is to
minimize “injury to students' egos." While
no one ever wishes to have his ego hurt i
think my belief itr dcnrocrtrcy would stiffer
more if l\‘l|. Sitctnrttn‘s proposals were ittt-
plementcti; after all, they would but the
largest constituency of this campus frottr
fair representation.

Another nllertnttivc
reduce sttrdcttt tcpt't‘scntttliotl. Mr. Sher-
mun argues that students are an Ul‘giltll/L‘tl
bloc and "outnrtttrcuvct" the faculty. itr
r 'ttlity. students are not an organi/ed bloc
—— they are popularly elected ftottt different
constituencies tllltl vote unanimously onus

suggested is to

few issues as do tltc faculty.

ilc further corrterttls that students
“ottttuttnttevcr” tlte faculty lrccztusc they
ounumlrct' “faculty prescnt and voting.“
'i‘ltis scents to fttrthct the ctrscjirr student
representation on the Senate as their
presence indicates their cottccrtr (faculty
outnumber students (r7 to 22).

little is no question that a faculty body
slrortid be created to allow for greater fttcui‘
ty itrpttt but it should be ill the stone level as
the stttdettt govcrtrtrtenl. it should he an irr-
strumetrt for it specific constituency
(faculty) to trit their beliefs among
themselves. llcsides alienating students on
lltis ctuupus Mt. Sherman's governance

system will give the faculty sole control of

University affairs without necessary itrpttt
and feedback frottr others.

Students not only study turd work on this
cttttrptts but they also live here. it would he
unjtrst to deprive this constituency of their
right to fair representation (i.e., to ltavc u
say lll matters tlrrrt affect their duy-to-day

lives (15 well as ftttttrc goals). As a Universi—
Iy cottrrtrttttity \sc nrtrst \vork togctlret to
achieve what is best for all.

—— l-‘rttuk llaitmun

Campus Crusade

To the l-ltlitor:

i found the article on Campus Crusade
for (‘Itrist by Mattie (‘ottisso/ itr lr'riday‘s
issue of the ASP itrtetcstitrg. l was very
-d to learn tltnt the ASP was making
an effort to explore trttr fellowship attd to
publish an informative article for the stu-
dent body. However. there were some corn-
mcnts made by Marie ('ottisso/ which i fch
do not accurately represent otrr perspective.
We do share a "l'crvent" desire to share
(‘hrist. and we do believe that those who
hear and reject him will be separated frottr
(iod for eternity. btrt ('iuistittnity doesn‘t
stop there. i'nt disappointed that something
i took great effort itt cmphttsi/ing when l
was interviewed by Ms. (‘ortisso/ has been
omitted. in putt, and thus ('tusttdc has been
presented lll such a \\‘tl_\‘ us to leave many

 

 

with misconceptions of the otgtlni/ttlion
and its purpose.

'l lrc urticlc rcutls: “('rusttdc Ints provided
it redirection for many of its members. ‘lt‘s
what gives tttc strength, love, and hope for
the fttttuc.‘ said ihickrmut ."

(‘irrist changes lives. not
Crusade. ('tusttdc functions as an outreach
of (iod's love. bttt it is not the source of it.
It does provide biblicttlly based teaching,
friendships uttd sttpportiveness amongs
ntettrbers. ilrtt (‘rustulc is tttr rcplttccrrtcnt
for, nor does it try to offer. tltc impact on
onc's life that results from having it pet~
sonttl relationship with (iod, through Jesus
('hrist. lll addition to this, while we do
believe that rejecting (‘luist will result itr a
separation from (ind. otrr faith goes
beyond “llL‘lllcl‘ one is going ttr llcztvcn or
iiell. Christ said lie ctttne tltttt we might
have life, urtd have it abundantly. lie wants
tts to have at life with it purpose. with mean-
log. with a fullness that fills the errtpty scar-
citing void. wc continually attempt to fill,
deep down inside each of us.

—— Stephen llrlcknnur

Campus

 

 

atuf its cunlt'ur nmqrtzr’ru

News Edltm
Auucl-tc N-w. Edllou
ASPutl Edllorl
Auucl-t- ASP-(ll litllurr
Bound It VIIIDII
CrI-IIVI Im-
outun I. annut
Spon- Iidllor
Aum latte Sumt- lirtlton
lidlturl-I Parne- lidllur
(:opy llrlum

HI-llwrll-nt loin lllrttltrtlrtr l'otttr t.t lltnult-y, llol-ur Ilrrmtt ih |ir t -~
ltscrtlrt-rlt Moth l tstlrctn. lhtrt I‘ l rrs l“4llll|'t‘l1(ll'tit‘l',llnllll.rl (irl .lr ,Kl'll luntlon. Whitney

I \llt-ntlvll Ileddotr Mu hr‘ir- Inn-‘1 -lr||l
llrorr' 1 my Junie». Marlon-tr. \‘i'rllrnnr t )' llltt‘tr. Witwtv I'r-r-ttrirotrttr Math Hos
‘uuv ‘wurtrlr ltllllt'l Solomon ltrtllu' l: I’nvl-w Edllout Mtlllr' (otr'rnruro. Hr ptt-urircr Klr-ln

tr‘... trrrn. rnn.nk .tnn trrorn .trrrt
ltrtltlrl In. lrtttlu'l erllltt‘u |l.r

Alli/culling Mull-nor
uttttn. Account-III
Cnmpullllnn Man-nor
ottrc. Ctruldlnlloi

Sal-u Slur (innit-r liolu-tt lort

lion Mun-uannr-r- Ann. t rrlnvllr
who i tlllllt' "H llll‘r‘llllt'l
'(rtlllll ltlt't'ltlll‘lt. I'ntnr'lo Krtl/ Alli-or linlloer/

l»1.rr.r Ml'tttt

   

Vault-101m"-

trurpunr Mr. Ir.rt‘l lllettrrrtrr. Ante lirtttlrn, Horn“ 1 rurrsIt-ur. llt'lrllt'wttrltls, tn.
t..n.. t....t..urr..., prtt‘tttlu't tit-r... unto... Noun:

Hurt ‘--.unr.rrylr-rt.rru h
In!“ tstnrlr llMlll'lll

Pllnluullphy, sown. tr. 'u‘pullt‘ lry trrnronn Hm... smut-v
Chi-t I'hulunrllrlutr If .r lt'irttttrtl

UPS Bl-lft lintw As. Ill'l [\ltlli t ’rtir-rrr, find 1 "Iron, u‘lll‘l‘t' I ur'rt. Mtlr‘
Illutlrtou. Moll Ntltlll'l, Sorrrt .‘rtr‘utltrnrp lorry lursnrrrttl. Will Yttrnurr

t llu- Allntttt‘ .‘nurir-ru i‘n'u n pu
' .rn tnrlr‘pvrnl-‘nt not to pttr/tl r...,...r..rr..rr murmur. my written rn- Iirt‘ lrlrror m t in.)

lir rutrl

 

-t. ulllul Mun-nut ‘rt'trtr‘tttlu't Klt'lll Cumnollllom I ltltth's (Ilrtt h Advent-Inn P10le

iritsltr'tl t'i't'iy fltt'ltltty nrrd I'rrdruv durnrrt the st Inn-l |‘I'lll try the Albany Student hen Corporation.

 

A 

 

(knottrr .‘wdtpor L Kurer Udr-ll Ollie. Built Wt‘lltly ill-tkt-t. llr-dy lltndct. 'ieny (illrh

Illvdon Curt-tit. Dun llm I‘rorlurrron Mnntup'n

Ell-billhld in I 916
lllrh "that. r rm... to rim-1
Hub E. Grub-mm. Airman”... r..rrr..r

sytvo Sounder-
Atttltrw t amorr. snort Mlihontt. trr-rrr star».
not. i tlt'lslt‘lll. ttmrsrrt t.th
.hmllnc Wctnt't
Itll’ltrhn
so: (u'tln't
noon Lory
lltrlt Bt'llnlltttt'
Mutt trunk-r. t..nryt<.rtrn
srmvr. A (itccnlwtg
Mu. ltt'll A (iii-vin-

rorotn. Kort t’rtutot. Mulrut'l l'rrtttru'lr. t‘llllt' (‘rtvnttnult

 

.rllc. Auty Knrrtor. 1 one Ktttsltldxt.1trtl|l.|tsltk.
ll 5t ltrtdoll. “t‘ll‘ruﬂ h: llllttllt‘l, Paul St llwnttt.

 

 

noun. Kupl. lltrsrrrt‘n M..r..r...-.

' .lnttct litctlrtss
llctrntv llt-rwrt. Mttrnru liasplt-r
llaytlctr Ctlll tttlr

llotmh' Stevens

er Advunlllllﬂ Prod-Idiom l)lr|ttllt' (rim tiltl. Mtrirt-lc lstnvl. Susan K-llllllll,

 

inrtrntv tr

. liltssrt Butch

non Eslrtpotolsliy. Drtw lltrtttttltrtllM‘l.Typlllll Carol
‘.rt|rrt- llyrur. i).rI-- 5t lttrs'ltlcl. l.rtt1|lt' Walton. Cit-ul-

loin-ii Mink llrtlck Mort llr'rtst‘itt‘l, lionttttt' Kttiultrll. Done

. polity r. whian tn nvutunr by m Etttnsnn.

Mtrtltrtgi trtltlrr-n
Atlrurrtr Student Hm. CC iii?“
Mon Wurrrnrnrnn Arm
Albany. NY iL'L’L'L.‘
(Mill 457rﬂN‘iB/Jlll22/(lllﬂ‘)

 

 

 

 

(MAI page.

if?”

.54 ,

,
r:
l.

 

 

