3727fo

c. --
fear—“>5

if
r .

 

" :‘ié

 

 

France Withdraws Troops

PARIS (AP) France began pulling its last remaining troops
out of war-tom Chad on Monday, an operation that is ex?
pected to take several weeks, informed sources said.

France. the former colonial ruler of the impoverished
African nation, maintained a MOO-member garrison on
the outskirts of the capital. N’Djamena, where rival forces

‘ resumed ﬁghting five weeks ago. President Valery.Giscard

D’Estalng’s government announced Sunday the plans for
withdrawing the French force, claiming it had
“accomplished its mission of protection." Reports

‘ reaching Paris on Sunday said an unannounced cease-ﬁre

was in effect.

USSR Calla Rescue Political

MOSCOW (AP) The ofﬁcial Soviet news agency charged
today that the abortive U.S. military attempt to rescue the
American hostages in Tehran was an "armed provocation
against lran," and that “purely cgoistle and narrow
political considerations" had prompted President Carter to
authorize it. in a dispatch read on Radio Moscow, Tass
said the White House explanation of the effort was
“ludicrous.” Caner revealed the rescue operation in a

, televised address in Washington today. saying positioning

of U.S. troops was under way in the lranian desert in
preparation for a hostage rescue when equipment failure
forced cancellation of the plan. He said eight U.S. ser-
vicemen died in a collision on the ground of two American
aircraft while the withdrawal from iron was taking place. in
a later report Tass said. “this new dangerous venture was
undertaken by the president to show himself to be a
“strong leader, one prepared for resolute actions." it
claimed Carter's aim was “to raise his declining popularity
inside the country and to stay in the White House for
another term at any price.”

U.S. Einbassy Bombed

(AP) A wave of bombings killed at least three persons in
Tehran on Monday and lran‘s police chief blamed the
blasts on “U.S. agents.” The occupied U.S. Embassy came
under gunfire three times overnight from
“anti-revolutionary elements" in passing cars and militants
inside the embassy said revolution guards returned the ﬁre.
Tehran radio reported. The militants' moved some of the

American hostages from the embassy to live cities to make

another U.S. rescue attempt more difficult, Tehran radio
said. lranian ofﬁcials promised to return the bodies of eight
U.S. commandos who died in lttst week's abortive attempt
to free the hostages.

Cuban Refugees Boats Seized

KEY WEST, Fla. (AP) Federal authorities Monday seized
three vessels in the “Freedom Flotilla" ferrying thousands
of refugees from Cuba while the Coast Guard found at
least 14 small boats capsized in the wake of a furious
weekend storm. One of the captains whose shrimp boat was
seized in Key West said he grossed over $170,000 on Sun-
day. bringing in 260 refugees. including a mother who gave
birth during the voyage. Gov. Bob Graham. meanwhile.
declared a state of emergency in two South Florida counties
and activated National Guardsmen to help protect the
health and safety of some 3.500 refugees who have arrived
here in the past week despite warnings from the federal
government. Graham released 350.000 in state aid and said

 

WOItld CApsUles

 

Anti-Ghandi Plotters Freed

NEW DELHI, lndia (AP) Five men who lndian police say
conspired in an assassination attempt on Prime Minister in-
dira Gandhi were freed on bail Monday by a magistrate in
western lndia. the United News of lndia reported. Baroda
city magistrate R.1. Lalajee ordered the release of the ﬁve,
including deputy city mayor Pratap Ramchandani. after
they posted ball the equivalent of 5250 each. They are to
return to court Thursday for a determination of further in-
vutigation. Ranchamdanl is a leader of the opposition
Janata Party. The ﬁve were arrested shortly after Ram‘
Bulchand Lalwani allegedly hurled a knife at Mrs. Gandhi
in New Delhi April 14. Police say Lalwani named them as
fellow conspirators.

Javits Regrets Vance’s Leave

WASHINGTON (AP) The resignation of Secretary of
State Cyrus Vance is a “very serious blow to the American
government" and because of it our government is in
“considerable disarray." Sen. Jacob Javits, R-N.Y.. said
Monday. in remarks made in the Senate radio and televi-
sion gallery, Javits said the fact that President Carter did
not consult with Congress about the aborted hostage rescue
mission makes “this military move in lran even more
serious than it was." “if Vance hadn't left, i would have a
greater sense of security about future decisions." said
Javits, senior Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee. “With Vance leaving. it is a matter of ever
greater concern to me to be sure that the president does not
move in a major way as' he has in lran without consulta-
tion." Because of Vance’s leaving. Javits said, the country
is in disarray and needs to straighten itself out. “Now. the
point oflt is. in myjudgmcnt, that the Congress has to take
a new role." He called on Congress to “assert itself.”

Sacco- Vanzetti Award Given

BOSTON (AP) A 90-year-old man who was jailed in the
19505 for refusing to turn over a list of suspected com-
munists in his New Hampshire religious group, has won the
1980 Sacco-Vanzetti Award for contributions to social
justice. Willard Uphaus received the award Sunday from
the Community Church of Boston. The award. honoring
two ltalian immigrants whose executions in 1920 for
murder and payroll theft stirred an international protest.
has been presented annually by the church since 1976.

Iran Will Try Restraint

(AP) lranian Foreign Minister Sadegh Ghotbzadeh told the
United States today lran hopes to follow a policy of
restraint — and has asked the embassy militants to do so -
following President Carter’s abortive military mission sent
to lran to attempt a rescue ofthe U.S. hostages. But he said
the mission was “an act of war" and warned lran would
“set fire to the whole region" if such acts continued. Presi-
dent Carter. in a nation-wide address broadcast nation-
wide at 7:00 a.m.. said the mission to “position our rescue
team for a later withdrawal of American hostages" was
aborted because of “equipment 'failure" in a rescue

 

he was asking for emergency federal assistance.

xxxxx‘ 1“ x xx

 

Anound Campus

x xxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Women March Against Rape

“Women Unite and Take Back The Nighl!" This is the
theme of Albany Women Against Rape's Take Back The
Night March and Rally. May 3 at 7:00 pm. The march will
cover a good portion of the downtown and Pine Hills area,
beginning at the Boathouse in Washington Park.

Scheduled to speak at the rally are Albany Women
Against Rape representative Onetheia. Judith Fetterley
and Helen DesFosses from SUNYA. Barbara Asen of the
Women and Transportation Project, Andrea Anthony or
the Urban League, and a member of the Schenectady Rape
Crisis Center. in addition. Alix Dobkin, Liz Kirk. Ruth
Pelham, Sage Starﬁre, and Betsy Rose and Cathy Winter
will provide musical entertainment. Martial arts demonstra-
tions. and theatre presentations by This River of Women
and the Thespian Feminists, two local drama groups, will
also be included at the‘ rally.

The entire program will be signed for the hearing im-
paired and free child care will be provided. Women are en-
(ouraged to bring ﬂashlights.

x

 

" tion/answer period for each candidate.

SA Candidates Speak

As SA elections began yesterday. candidates came out on
the podium to speak to the students. The campaign forum.
co-sponsored by WCDB and the ASP, featured a brief
three-minute statement followed by a 10-minute ques-

Some pointcd questions were raised at the forum concer-
ning the candidates' campaign tactics and policies. Tangent
editor Tcriannc Falcone pinned down SA presidential
hopeful Jane Sidoti for an ASP advertisement in which
members of various campus groups. including the Feminist
Alliance. endorsed her. Falcone claims these groups did not
endorse Sidoti. and that this is what the ad implied. Sidoti
rctortcd that she had nothing to do with the ad and that it
was only the members listed who endorsed her. in a final.
biting comment Falconc said to Sidoti. “You say you're
from outside SA. but you're just as much a part of their
politics."

Concerning the Cable TV referendum. SA vice presiden-
tial hopeful Brian Levy was questioned as to whylit was not
listed in the voting machines. he answered, “SA did not
receive from Director of Residences John Wclty a list iden-
tifying eligible voters. This is why there was no Cable TV
referendum in the voting booths." chy added that
possibly next week they will call a special election to vote on
Cable TV.

inception. shaved down to a scant twenty as it came to n

 

 

The forum. which drew approximately 100 students at itj

close.
k

helidopter. As the mission was preparing to depart Iran,
two American aircraft collided on the ground, killing eight

.v servicemen and iniuring “several others," he said. The tra-

nian military command claimed the planes crashed while
fleeing from lranian warplanes. Thousands of jubilant ira-
nians poured into the streets around the U.S. Embassy
when they got word of the failed mission, celebrating with
shouts and cheers. They ﬂashed victory signs. clenched
their ﬁsts and screamed. “Down With Carterl" and
f‘Carter's Finished!" Speaking in English. Ghotbzadeh
told ABC-News he hopes the Iranian government will pro-
ceed with caution and "not react as nervously as the
Americans did” in launching the raid. He said he also ask-
ed the militants who seized- the Americans at the U.S. Em-
bassy in Tehran 174 days ago to “refrain from harsh ac.
tions." The militants holding the 50 Americans in the em-
bassy since Nov. 4 threatened previously to kill their cap-

tives if an attempt was made to rescue them. Their -

spokesman said today they would announce their decision
once they had received more details on the raid.

Lance ’3' Trial Deadlocked

WASHINGTON (AP) About 1,200 anti-nuclear protesters
on Monday staged the biggest demonstration at the Pen-
tagon since Vietnam War days over 12 years ago. More
than 300 protesters, mostly young people. were arrested on
charges of blocking entrances or defacing government pro-

' perry by throwing ashes and a red blood-like substance. lint

the demonstration fell far short of its advance billing. The
sponsoring Coalition For A Non-Nuclear World had
predicted “massive civli disobedience." it made no
noticeable impact on the thousands of Pentagon workers
and military personnel, except that some of them had to
climb over protesters. jammed shoulder-to-shoulder on the
steps leading into the building. Methodically. helmcted
policemen dragged the unresisting demonstrators out of the
way, after binding their wrists. ’

300 Anti-Nukers Arrested

ATLANTA (AP) Dead looked after six days of delibera-
tions. the jury in former U.S. budget director Bert Lance's
bank fraud trial returns to court Monday for new instruc-
tions. Defense lawyers say they want to know if the six men
and six women on the jury have reached agreement on some
of the 19 charges against the former federal budget director
and three associates. “1 think we are going to insist that the
judge receive and publish those verdicts that have bccn
reached." said attorney Erwin Mitchell. who represents
tow of Lance’s co-defendenls. The jurors annorrnccd
Saturday that they had reached the end of the road after 33
hours of sifting evidence and debating verdicts.

Bogota Hostages Freed

BOCOTA, Columbia (AP) Gucrrillas ended their 61-day
occupation of the Dominican Republic Embassy on Sun-
day, ﬂying aboard a Cuban jctliner to Havana where they
were granted political asylum. All 16 of their diplomatic
hostages. including U.S. Ambassador Diego Asencio. were
freed. The ambassadors from Venezuela. the Dominican
Republic. lsrael and Egypt were released just before the
Soviet-built llyushin jet took off at 8:20 a.m.. about 1 1/2
hours after the guerrillas left the embassy with their
hostages in two Red Cross buses for the Bogota airport.

U.S. Supports Rescue Attempt

NEW YORK (AP) Americans overwhelming approve of
the military effort to free the hostages in iron, and they .sny
President Carter waited too long to use military force to try
to end the months-long crisis, an Associated PresstliC
News poll says. The public also thinks nnothcr military cf-
forr to free the more than 50 Arncricrrns should be corr-
sidercd, although that now scents unlikely with thc
rnilirnnrs’ decision to scatter the hostages to various cities
outside Tehran. However, even with the strong support for
the aborted rescue effort. Amcricans‘ rating of Carter's
handling of the Iranian crisis has slipped another notch.
Americans awoke Friday morning to the news thnr U.S.
military men had tried and failed in an attempt to spirit the
hostages away from their militant captors. Equipmcnr
failures and tragic mistakes in the desert soulh of Tehran
aborted the mission hundreds of mile short of its goal.
Carter told the nation in an early morning statement. 'l'hc
AP-NBC News poll was conducted on Friday and Sutur-
day. after the failure of the mission was announced. and is
based on telephone interviews with 1,603 adults nation-
wide. 13y better than a two~to-onc margin, Americans sup-
ported the military effort to free the hostages.

Darclinc:
Apnil 28, 1980

x““ xx):

 

 

 

 

 

 

April 29, 1980

'Castro-Blaneo Called by J-Board

 

 

Albany Student Press

Firecracker Hod Injured Student

by Peter Berezny

SA presidential candidate James
Castro-Blanco was referred before
the State Quad Judicial Board early
last October when a firecracker he
exploded injured a student.

Jean E. Strella was injured in the
car when Castro-Blanca ignited a
firecracker outside his stiite door in
Cooper Hall in early October.
Strella had been sitting on the other
side of the door when the
firecracker became lodged under
the door rind exploded causing
Strclla‘s car to bleed. Strella was

taken to Albany Mcdical's
Emergency Room. according to
sources.

According 10 Kathy Doroski,
Slrclln's roor'nnrrtlc. they were in the
suite plrrying crrrds when the
firecracker cxplodcd. “It was the
shock from thc explosion that carts-
ed thc blccding." Doroski said. "it
wasn’t intentional or done vicious»
1y." Doroski and John T. LcCours,
Castro-lilttnco's roommate, cx-
plaincd that Strcllrr and Castro-
lilanco are still friends.

Castro-Blanco said that- “there
was no permanent damage done to
Strella’s ear....1can and 1 are good
friends." _

‘Strella was unable to be reached
for comment.

Castro-Blanca was referred to the
State Quad Judicial Board in Oc-
tober and the Board reprimanded
Castro-Blanco by recommending,
that he send a letter to the ASP. cx-
plaining what had happened. The
Student Affairs office approved the
recommendation in November. The
ASP never received the letter.

During a 90-minute interview, the
.ASP Candidate Endorsement Corri-
'mittcc asked Cnslro-lilanco of the
lcltcr’s context. The judicinl recom-
mendation spcci ficnlly required that
Custro-Blrrnco include in the letter
the injury done to Strclla by the
firecracker, rrccordirrgno sources.
However, during the ASP inter-
view. Castro-Blotter) had only bricf—
1y rnerrlioncd exploding the
firecracker in his hull.

“Castro-Blanco said that the let-
tcr explained that he was referred

Campus Center Loses Money

 

UAS Tries

by 11th ('ummumlu

The Czrmpns Ccntcr loses money
almost every year. but University
Auxiliary Services (UAS Board of
Duct-Ion tries to balance the loss by
being trrrgnl in other nrcns. accor-
ding to UAS (icncrrrl Manager
Norbert lnhm.

"Actually." 7.:rhm suid. ‘tlris
ycrtr, \vc‘r'c inst brcrrking even 111 the
Ruthxkcllrn. rrrrrkiug money in thc
\llilck bur, illltl losing money in thc
citfctcrirr. \Vc try to reduce Ilrc
mcrull ltw. In curring brick whcrc
wc cnn :rnd kccpmy prices as low as
be can."

“'I'lrcrc .rlt‘ yrutti months tntd
llrcrc :rrc Ir:er months." hr: \nid.
“\‘vc .zrrr'r ml prlcc~ zrncruding ro
rlrc lonrwl itll\111\".\111t111[i1. bccnnsc
\vc \wnld hut- nmrrcy. ihrr \vc crm't
act rlrcrn lor rhc lriglrc-.r, bccnrrw
\\c'd bc churning too much," he
said. "We have to find 21 rcnsonnblc
rncdiun," lrc \nid.

President of UAS Ilorrrd of
Directors. Mike l-nbcr cxplzrincd.
“During inrcrscsxiorr (brcnks). \zrlcs
nrc grcntly dccrcuscd, but business
operating c\pcrrscs. such as heating,
electricity, and srrlurics must still be
paid. '1‘lrc boru‘d tries to charge
students the lowcsl price possible —
just crrongh to get by. because UAS
is at nor-l'ocproflt organization,"
he sold.

The totnl murmur of business that

.‘ ﬁN-r
Norbert anrm
We cu! back where We t‘tlll. "
(I'lmla: Karl Chan)

  

to Cut Loss

UAS sub-conlrncls comes to rrbont
seven and n lrrrlf million dollars."
Znhm snid. “1n rrddilion to the
Campus Center. bowling alley. and
other UAS~fundcd operations. the
corporation contributes $100,000 at
ycur to progrnrns like Mohuu‘l.
Campus, conrnrcrrccrncrrt, rind (ilcrr
llonnc,” he snid.

All UAS opcrnlions rrr‘c con-
sidcrcd as n uholc in figuring out
UAS's firrrmcrrrl xinrrnion tn the crrd
of the “Still _\crrr in June. [ohm
sold. “The brllztncc \hccl is urirlcn
up or this linrc :nrd \vc don't rcnllv
know until rhcrr if there's an orcrrrll
gain or hm." lrc anrrl. “\\’c lropc
(but by the cud rrl lllr' \crrr, uc crrrr
mnkc some prrrln ill.‘l\‘-I.‘L'l] .11] our
progrnrrra.” hc \nirl.

lubcr Llisrrvr‘r-r-d: "l'nch yr'ur. on
corporation should Int-.rk crcn or
low, in my opinion."

He dcscr‘ibcd lhc consequence-s of
n profitable ycnr. "lior cxnmplc,"
he said, “if UAS rrrrlkcs $60,000
profit with 6,400 students on con-
trrlct meal plans, czrclr student will

continued on page jive

by llcth Sexcr

cht year two reading drtys cx-
cluding weekends will be added to
the ncadcrnic calendar as 21 result of
a new Final [Exam Policy, send
University Scrrnlc rcprcscntuthc
Dnvc Weintrnub. According to
Wcintraub, the University Scnntc
r'nlcd last month llrnr trll final exams
must be rrdministcrcd during firrnls
week. This puts “trcmcndons strain
on students," said Weintrnub.
cspccinlly when students are only
given one rcrrrling day. for rhis
reason, Weintrrurb and another stu-
dent rcprcscnlalivc Jeff
tlJv/lﬁu‘gcustern suggested the new
| .

The bill which pnsscd rhc Univer-
ity Senate two Weeks ago included

 

(
One Reading Day Added
to End of Each Semester

before the Judicial Board for ex-
ploding a ﬁrecracker in his hall.
Castro-Blanco didn‘t say anything
about the severity of the incident,"
ASP news editor, Laura Fiorentino,
explained.

Since Castro-Blanca has not
complied with the judicial recom-
mendation. he has “been re-
referred for not sending the letter to
the ASP.", one source said.

Presently, according to sources,

continued on page five

SA Pres. Candidate James Castro-Blanca.

    

A firecracker he igniled last October had injured a sludent.

(Photo: Marc Henschel)

SA Budget Still Incomplete

by Iieth Sexer

Although the lludgct Committee
disbanded on chncsdny. April 16,
the budget for the 1980-81 fiscal
year has yet to be approved by Cen-
trrrl Council. according to Central
Council Chair Mike 1.cvy.

chy explained that lhc lindch
Committee ordinarily submits :1
prepared budget to the SA presi-
dcnt, who usually rcquires about a
wcck to review the ﬁgures. The
budget is then submitted to Central
Council for further review. After
Ccntrrrl Council approves the
budget. it is scnl lo the SA president
to be signed.

According to Levy. Ncwmrtrk
could have had the brrdgct prepared
for Ccnlrnl Council by Irrsl chncs~
dny. April 23, und should definitely
have submitted it by Inst Friday,
April 25.

instead, 1 er} \rrid. Ncwrnnrk
“did finally prcwnt :r budgcr" rrl :ru
cmcrgcncy l'crrlrnl (‘oncrril meeting
last Sundrry nrchr. llmrcrcr, Ihc
bnduct cmctcd only 51 groups
when lltct'c rrrc mcr Ni) SA-fnrrdcd
groups in SUNY/V

1 L'\\' rrlso uddcd Ihrrl the budget
fiyrncu snbrnitlcd I») Nrmrnnrk are
“In rib-.olrnch no order. lllt‘)"rr'
llillld\\llllr'11. upsidcr
drrnn... l'hr-y .rrc nrmrnplcrc :rrrrl
rotrrll) nrrmrrltnblc "

:\~. n rcxuh, lc\\ toruinnr-tl. llr‘
‘L'llcdlrh’ri

\urrlt' ttrt'

r'nnr‘cllcrl lust nrr'ht's
t'lllL'lgt'llt‘) t’mrncrl rnccrrrrg.
Ncnrrurr‘k c\plrnrrcd tlrnl «.hr‘
r'orrldn'r cornprlc rrll the group
budgets bccrrnuc she did not hnvc
rhc rurnnrcs to rhc l'irrzrl lludgcr
Corurnirtcc mcctirrg. chcrul groups
hnd to bc rcbudgctcd by the ('orn-
mittcc since they initially over,
budgeted by :rpproximnlcly

\

at number of corrcctions in finals
wcck schcdrrling.

For the Fall 1980 semester, firtnls
\vcck will begin 'l‘ucsdny. December
16. instcrrd of December 15. The
Inst day of finnls was moved ahead
from Saturday, Dcccrrrbcr 20, to
Tuesday, December 23.

Also, there will only be one
rcnding dny next semester inslcnd of
two. since funds cannot rrrrr into the
Christmas vacation.

For thc Spring 1981 semester, the
last day of classes is Friday, May 8.

The first day of finals will begin
chnesdny,’ May 13. insth 01
Monday. May 11. The lust rlrry of
finnls was moved ahead to Wedncs’r

 

day. May 20.

$10,000, she said.

According to liudgct Comrniltcc
Chnir Mikc Williamson, if Ccnlrul
Council had not passed a resolution
on March 26 to increase the student
tax from $72 to $77, 1111- Budget
Committee rrriglrt have initially
overbudgctcd by $30,000. The
results of a non—binding student
referendum showed that 85 percent
of those who participated voted in
favor of increasing the strident tax
rate by $5.

The resolution was passed about
lhrcc weeks into the committee’s
sixovcck process. However. the
commiltcc continued to budgct
"conservatively. cuch group on its
own merit." said Willinmson. “We
never loosened up."

'lhc fifty group budgets nlrcrrdy
submitted by Ncwmnrk ro (‘cntrnl
(‘onrrcil urc l‘innl figures. Ncwrnrrrk
\Itlti. However. until she receives
the minutes to rlrc firrnl corurrrincc

meeting from the committee

secretary, she cannot determine
whcrc additional cuts were made to
bttlancc the budget.

Ncwrnnrk added that she did not
want to cutgronps budgets until she
could notify them first, a task that
she said is difﬁcult.

However, Ncwmark still feels
thru the meeting could have been

continued on age we
. v ,

    

SA [’35. 1.1.31: Newnrark
Nam/s lint/gel CUIIl/Ilfllt’t' minutes.
I/‘lInIU: UPS)

SUNY-Wide Students React

Differently to

b) ltoughts Kuhn

\‘lINYA \lrrdcrm rnny r.rll
'\llr;rrry (‘L'rrlcr .‘rpnllrv rrly. but In
cunrpnrisnn to some other \‘l‘l'

 

1
center», this llrriu'rarl) hm l'l'lll .:
hurlvcrl of nclinsrn. llrc rchnl h:rr
rlc .ryninu (liHl'llllll ('urcy'w pro
pmcrl SUNY L'llls hrts \pnrkcd lllilL'
rcruliorr in three lJnivcrsily centers.
with Sl'NYA generally lending rhc
uzty.

According to SUNY lirrffulo SA
Vicc 1’rcsidcnl Dianna Dcrhnk. slu-
dcnr rcuction in thc Univcrsity has
been one of “casual concern."
Dcrlrnk says many students urc not
aware of the issue and those who
are. do not really feel that it nffccts
them directly. “People here are
hnsicrrlly concerned willr getting rm
education to make themselves com-
petitive in the job market. and get-
ting out." says Dcrhuk. “They sue
the issue as one that doesn't rcnlly
affect them that mrrch bccnnsc rt lot
of people will be leaving in a year or
two unywny."

SUNY Buffalo's SA is sponsor-
ing :1 letter writing campaign to
members of thc lcgisltuurc. but
aside from that, they are taking it
“wait and sec" attitude. “We run a
bus trip down to Albany to lobby ut
the legislature and we got 50 people
to go. That isn't exactly an enor—
rnons turnout for a school of
25,000," says Derhuk. Buffalo sup—
ported last month‘s SASU strike
against the budget crrts. according
to Dcrhttk, but due to lack of infor—
mullon and organization, the actual

Budget Cuts

strike rrcvcr got off the ground.

SUNY Stonybrook Student l’nlr»

rv rcprcscrrrntrvc Mikc Kornsrtld
nu slndrnls (it his school nrc
lurxirrrlly concerned with the issue or.
ir :rl'ltcrx Siouybrook l1ldl\idlltrll)
r'uhcr rlrrrn SUNY its :1 whole. 11c
mys lhrrl atrrdcnls consider the ixxnc
irrrporlrnrt \vltcrc their on n interests
rrrc concerned but Icnd to ignore its
broader ramifications.

Sronybrook is not a member of
SASU rrnd thus did not participate
in last month‘s strike. According to
Kurnsald this makes if difficult for
Stonybrook to coordinate its efforts
with the rest of SUNY. “it's
ridiculous for Stonybrook to go to
the legislature and lobby for
themselves while the rest of SUNY
is in there together," he said. Reac-
tion on campus is varied but at this
point most students are concerned
with upcoming Polity elections and
various other campus activities.

SUNY Binghamton has been the
most active of the three colleges.
Aside from continued lobbying ef—
forts, Binglramton's SA has also
conducted letter writing campaigns
and phone calling sessions directed
at key legislators. Binghumton's
SASU dclcgnte Bea Luric feels that
“most students at the school are
aware ( f the problem and are con-
cerned with what the cuts could
mcrtn to an aheady overcrowded
school." According to Lurie. “this
is an issue that should bring
together a large segment of the stu-
dent body."

