,4‘ v49}.:uto"‘é‘

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

Be bent, and you will remain straight
Be vacant, and you will remain lull
Be worn. and you will remain new

' — Chuang Tzu

Some people go barefoot. so that others
may travel In expensive cars. Some live only
thirty-five years. so that others may live
seventy. Some people are miserably poor.
so that others may be Iexaggeratedly rich.

children of the world who don't eVen have a
piece of bread. But not ll

'You see. my dreams haVe been
answered. or so I’ve been told. The Police
are a rock group and the law seems like
some kind of 'Joke. Babies are born
"hooked" on Junk and Junk food is all we
eat. The Pope Is still making rules for a game
he supposedly opted not to play. The
children of flowers have become the "towers
of society" and earth-mamas simply have
become mamas. Drugs that used to be for
pleasure now have become drugs for leisure.
Acld is something in a battery and the pitcher
has been removed from the game.

Some people claim to speak on behalf of the ‘ '

But wait. of what use are meg-droughts?
For laugh and joke as we will. the fact re-
mains that Ronald Reagan is President come
'81. America has indeed givan Mr. Reagan
the mandate to “put America back to work.“
America. is it time to wake up. or is It just the
dawn of a big sleep? That piece of paper that
started all this he. the Declaration of In-
dependence) is of no consequence to us. A
theory of government is not the same as a
program for action.

Yet we stand neither helpless nor hopeless
before the very real crises which confront us.
Our basic crises are not of energy. balance of
payments or the national economy. They
are crises of the spirit. The nation is entering

,from our

'an era in which publicvasplrations and values
can no longer be 'as fully satisfied by simple
Increases in economic affluence as they may
once have been: People are increasingly
concerned with values that cannot be
counted In dollars. '
We- must further realize that our
forebearers did not live out the principles
they professed. Some signers of the Declara-
tion of independence -— which states that
"all men are created equal" — were slave-
holders. Failure to live up to noble principles
does not thereby invalidate these principles.
it is equally obvious that the principles
past cannot be applied in
mechanical fashion to the lproblems of our
present. We must then. creatively, adopt the
lofty ideals which our forebearers so often
captured In noble words. These words must
become ﬂesh. ,
. We must give these words hands and feet
— as well as giving points of reflection and
guides to action so that we might advance
and further our unfinished Reuolutioni
Little of the enthusiasm of life remains
when we take it for granted. Little pleasure is
obtained when the masks are in place. The
river is over-flowing but the banks are not yet
full. “En/ants'5take the “joie de qure" to East
23rd and "find" themselves in the midst of a
dream. it is of no Importance. for the mail
still comes to the wrong address. Chairman
Mao is dead and the Gang of Four is on trial.
Reagan for President. Bush for Vice.
America. go to sleep. in ‘84 you'll awake to
find the “Dead. dancing in the streets." 0

Music

Telethon prooontq: “The Battle of the
Bands.” Featured will be Doctor Doom.
Glasshammer, Peking Boys, and The Empty
Hats. it'll all be happening at 9 pm. tonight
in the CC ballroom (or a $2 admission.

Hulla Bollo ,

November
Friday. 14 Canned Heat
Saturday. 15 Fountainhead
Wednesday. 19 The Works
J.B. Scott's

November
Friday. 14 Plasmatics
Saturday, 15 Commander Cody. Badge
Sunday, 16 SVT
Monday. 17 Average White Band
Tuesday. 18 Third World
Thursday. 20 38 Special

Movies

 

Free! the Bird -

BiclLBJum

 

UH-OH .HERE (ours Pkottiwl
"GRADES" PIG thH Mi
LATesT TEST some .Imev .
Slot HE FATS STUDENTS roe
REAKFASTILUNCH AND DINNec

PASS ED

 

CON SRATOLATIONSI YOU

COLORS.

, Q

wiTH FLYING

 

Fume comes ,munz

 

RELAX .CHiLKEN MAN .
i'M TALKING ”D"MlNUS
COUNTRY.

 

 

W

 

 

 

 

As PROFESSOR PORCINE

PIG smous 00le small,

crows were sues

MANY FAMlutvz elitism
FACES Ia

    

   

  

' LITTLEDOTHEY susrecr
I PLAN .ON Nsmb Atom

OF 2‘» WT MM 700

 

 

TAKE THtS ,
'BAOON an‘!

  

 

 

 

 

 
   

 

THAT'S THE THANKS t GET
FOR BEING MR. NICE Cow.
- __../

  

 

 

JEEPER$,lT5 PROF.
PIG ,DOUBTL555 me
TOUGHESFMARtGRiN
THE Moot."

  

 

 

 

AHA ,(AUGHT- ‘ioU
CUTTING LEcﬂJttE MAIN!

 

 

 

I'M TAKlNG TEN POiNTS

OFF YOUR FlNAL GRAW 

FOR THIS one ,Feoe.

grid. ~

iT'S A GOOD THlNG I‘M NOT

°o

On Campus
(All begin at 7:30 and 10 pm.)

Friday
To Sir With Love LCI
The Jerk LC 7
Saturday
Investigation of a Citizen Abouc
Suspicion LC 1
The Jerk LC 7
Cine l~6

Ordinary People

The Elephant Man

Gloria

Silent Scream

it's My Turn

' Walt Disney's Song 0/ the Solith

Hall-on ‘l'licltre
Fantasia

Fol Colonic
The Stunt Man

Rockers

Cine 7
Private Benjamin

Mldllon
Airplane

Linings compiled by Ell-o Newman

 

 

 

 

 

 

Please Note:
Theatre cannot be provided. For their
schedule of events please call 465-3334.

Listings for the Palace

 

 

 

U ll

 

ACROSS 49 Contributor. t? Expressed an '
Rams a t 31 r—l nostrtltn H opinion Monday: "Front Row Center" — the“
l p r' tier J ee sorrow i'I House warmers
Sacred beetle anguish c II Hﬂflllni‘ parts Jags and Dd Leppard recorded Live'
former Spanish (53 :13“ tie — .‘ii (iolt' Drill positions
power J4 or‘cnco food t' cot
Perfuttrod ointment 55 llrrringod in 2‘4 Dot) used to pursue sundays' 10-.{Zp'm' "chs from the
for hair succession quint- Underground -
tin tiEctor's work 2/ lictrnycr 27 Irinrd with limit
.rpoa ing 9 Nrontltioor or trap
——: waves 60 John Hancock. r-t al.2ii Legislative bodies sundeS‘ 6'10 p'm' “Elam {Him the
lllrxrrrg great ﬁt Looks after it lllvlto I Past" (Oldies) —- with Felix lavarone.
liltilﬂll about: (2 wds.) ii Style or neckline
'. ilrillot itclns 62 Word with garden .i‘r Capers .il‘tiitl
. Wrtlktiii) polo or hall it: Stintlinq rt-mrlr'k'.
gnliili I r 37 Never growl-H! old
l'i .lr’n nt inn iii Attt-lltinntu to .m
, . . 00
like ll“ icy‘strcct WN important “("50"
, Hitint'y l'tlillt‘t‘ rolc ! Antlorcd ntlillml in lltno's. partner
llr'y Illititi‘. tit-altars (1’ \ttis.) ilU llitchcii ihlii
' tint“. tﬁil‘rlt’liClltiii 2’ tapestry irtrnnllrll iii Ttiiior. in lotto
work i finial] container till Actor Cesar —
‘lllVl'lI —— l

. Algonquin viritrtn
Supporter
itontnurtlnt hull:
'. l'rolll Lill‘ lutnt
. induct“.

"7 'rlliiitlt‘liiii

~r ‘.tirit.‘;, (F. ii -
tilt:

crossword Puzzle

- riilit} 'w'l initials fit: is apprehensive
‘s Uottnyott dii
{r l‘r‘t‘lix for lulttlt‘ 5t} Augusta is its

I love. in Irltin capital

it ’Rtoldu El'.‘ [)ur'ythl rind liltlt'l.
“l intty iiﬁ‘vttt? htl littr‘tiltiiut’ v”—
lii innit-ruining rwont ht: l'rllltil lltillllth

it Part of [lift ‘-ti il.ikti lull oi

lttvul' through i'rll’ls

WCDB 91-FM

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
     
   
  
 

   
   

 

 

 

 

throughout the week.

Wednesday. from 12:00-5:00.

oThe award winning film. Sentenced to
Success, describing nuclear reprocessing
alid’its relation to nuclear weapons. This
will be shown on Wednesday night at 7:00
pm. in Brubachcr Hall.

Oigal‘Roodcnko. former chairperson of
the War Rcsistcrs League, speaking on
pacifism in LC's at 7:30 pm. on Friday.

We hope that all will feel free to attend
these various functions. The topic of war
and peace is such a crucial issue to all of US.
This has become dreadfully apparent to
thousands of young people in the last year
who were expected to register for the draft.
Alld it will become a major issue conic
January to millions liiorc who will also bc
expected to place their signature on a draft
registration card. The questions of draft
registration. along with the broader topic of
war and peace, are so intcnsciy personal
thilt it liittst be ilic individual wlio makes
the final dccision. ii is not tllc government
who has the right to dccidc. it is you! Wc
hope that Pcacc chk will aid you ill lnltk-
ilig what may be ilic most important dcci-
sions of your life.

—l)livid llrugcr
—— Doll Rclsniun
S UN YA l’cm‘t' l’rojvt‘t,
Albany Student Union

‘Right’ or Wrong _

To the Editor: .

You're protrany lint used to getting lct-
tcrs criticizing things that have appeared in
Itillt'l‘ publications. bill this is an attempt to
cull attention to somethig that appeared ill a
rccclil issue of TIME magazine (20 Oct.
1980, pg. 80).

This "something" proclaimed itself to be
it “Christian Bill of Rights." consisting of
ten “amendments” which its sponsor.
tcicvision evangelist Jerry Falwell. promis—
cd to deliver to the next President of lhc
Uliitcd Slates immediately after the
November 4th election. Herc are some cx-

 

Vamplcs of the contents of this “Bill of
Rights":

"‘Amcndntcnt iV_: We believe that no
(ruitorous verbal or written attack upon this
bclovcd nation advocating overthrow by
force be permitted by any citizen or alien
living witltin this country."

"‘Amcndmcnt Vlll: We believe in the right
to inﬂuence secular professions. including
the field of politics. business. legal.
medical. in establishing and maintaining
moral principles of Scripture."
"‘Amcndmcnt X: We believe iii the right of
legally-approved religious organizations to
maintain their tax-exempt status. this right
bcing based upon the historical and scrip-
tural concept of church and state separa—
tion."

it seems to me that “Amendment W" is
an attcmpt to limit and rcstrict the right to
frccdotn of speech guaranteed to us by thc
Unitcd Stalcs Constitution. A passage front
the New Testament. Romans i3:i-7, is of-
l‘crcd as justification for this. Roliitlns
13:] 7 deals with respect for authorin ltlid
payment of taxes.

“Amendments Vll tutti X" sccm to be
claiming for Christians, tllc right to
Icprcscnttuion without taxation! i don't
understand why Fttlwcll bclicvcs llittl Chris-
llilitS (or tinyonc) have this righl.

According to Play/luv mugulillc. Fltht‘cll
is against lictwork TV. lnovics. disco. por-
llogruphy. abortion.
li.R./\.. SALT ll. 'l‘cd Kcliucdy. Hunk
('hulch, liil‘ch litlyh. tilld cvolutioli. and
hits N Washington lobbyists ill his polilit'ttl
luucliinc. l'lc “picdgcd his 1980 butlch to
dcfctitilig libcrtil Congrcssmcn this
November.“ At lcil'r'l Show of his ci'iot'ts
luth bccn successful ~ (icoi'gc McGovcl n.
litlyli. tutti Church tlll i‘uilcd iii tltcir clcctioll
bids. HS did several other libcrul SL'llllltiIH.

ll's frightening to l'cttlirc llltll pcoplc ttiltl
gml'lts like this lu‘c cxcrling their wills on
lltc rcst of us. through ltltcmpl'} ut gtwclti-
nictil control. it is never enough for limit to
hclicvc its they wish ~l t't't'cvoul' must
bclicvc us they do, or they it“! not suiisfitnl.

' _ it both angers and saddens me that th
who all day teach-in (Humanities 354) on csc

lioliioscxrlullly..

 

pcple are tryng to hard to change the prin- I
ciplcs of freedom. democracy. tolerance.
and brotherhood which have made '
Americans the frccst people in history —
and it frightens me that lhcy are succeeding.

—-Niinic Withheld Upon Request

wk

An Open Letter:

During the past three and oncvitalf years.
the quality of CliOrttl music cducution at this ‘
University has improvcd dramatically. Over
the coursc of these years. both the Universi-
ty Chorulc and tile Univcrsity Singers have
cxptmdcd tllcir performance schedules to
include conccrts til: Thc Albany Institute of
History and Art. The lltSlllttlc on Man and
Science. Thc (ilcn‘s Frills Hyde Collection.
Skidmorc Collcgc. tutti Historic Cherry
Hill. Thcrc have also liccn appearances at
Tlic Coilicdl‘ltl of All Saints and tlic dedica—
tion of lhc ligg. its wcll as our usual coli-
ccrts on campus.

This program of growth culminated last
spring with u totll of iltc Iiust coast that in-
cludcd concct‘is on Long Island. lit New
York City, ltttltintolc. and ill tllc Nutionul
Slit'itic in Washington. l).(‘. 'l‘hc successful .
complction of this tour was it liiilcslolic in
the history of our Univcrsily. To Ihc hcsl of
our knowlcdgc. no musical gloup of this
size has cvcl ulldcrtukcn. or complctcd.
such it difficult task. 'l‘hcsc tic-
complishtlicllis would not have hccli possi»
blc were it not for thc cl'l'orts of one mun.
Doll lltililL’\ (itlidolli. thc ('horul Director
til SUNYA. '

Following it rccolliuicndlttion mudc by
lhc Music l)CptIiliitL‘itl lust scmcstcr. Mt.
(initlotti‘s L‘ttillltlL‘l was not rcncwcd. ln cf-
fcct. this locum thnt Mi. (lilidotli will no
longer hc cmploycd by this University uftcr
ihc l98l spring sctttcstct'. At titty oiltcr
univcrsity. Ihcsc liccomplisllllicnts would

      

  
   

 
 
 

 
  
    

Just *A Mad Minority

A new outbreak of conservatism appears to be sweeping the -
country and lifting us right off our feet. And it may grow to

. become a lot more than just a passing fad.

‘ But this “Moral Majority” as it is called is actually nothing
very new at all. The existent morals and ways of thought surrOuii-
ding them were created during the dark period. It is a morality
structured on law, on the perceptions of everything as being good
and bad. It was designed for people who live under the domina-
tion of their own minds. r.

These followers nccd laws because they fail to recognize inner
guidance. And since they have trouble seeing that everything has
its place and its use, they are now struggling to “protect” their
selves. their Gods, and their families. They are fighting for laws
which condemn and outlaw things they feel are out of place,
things they may not understand.

The legislation of morality inhibits the freedoms of everyone,

. bccausc laws resist change. A law applies to all people at all times,
so it kills the spontaneity in living. We must stop the death of
spontaneity and wonder about those who must label situations as
good and cvil. .

The old morality was right for its time; the dark ages. It was: i—
dccd the best way to cope with the dark .world and is still the best
for those who haven't dcvclopcd personal insight. But that which
was right in the dark is insanity in the light. ‘

(How can this “Moral Majority" claim to be against abortion
and euthanasia and at the some time actively support expanding
our military and returning to a draft? Can they seriously argue
against the destruction of an unborn infant, but be willing in
waste tlic life of a teenager? And if they really studied their bible
closely, they would undoubtedly conclude that if Jesus Christ
were alive today ——.nol only would hc/shc object to armies, but
Christ would probably be a draft rcsistcr. too!) 7

 

command lhc highest prtiisc. Wc arc at a
loss to undcrstzuid why. til this University.
he was, illstcutl. dismissed. Wc fch this will
be dctritncntztl to thc Music Dcptirimcnl, as
well as the University us at \vliolc.

Wc llicl'cforc sct'vc noticc to thc Music
Dcpartliicnt Lind thc Univcrsily Community
at largc that. in order to preserve tltc quality
of choral music to which we are accustom-
cd, and which the community dcscrvcs. we
intend to work unccusingly for the retention
of Don Haincs (iuidotii :is Dircctor of
Choral Sludics ill SUNYA.

-—l)citn K. tlumm
~Michucl F. Donegan

( 'tlnlnli/tct' for the Retention
ofDon Ilrtt'ttcs Guidottl

Love’s Labor’s Lost '

To "It Editor:

Lust yctir l cnicrctl Albany Univcrsity
with the optimism of finding full. friends.
and hopefully. love. I soon stnrtcd on my
Countless :lctpuliutcltccs ltntl ultimtitcly my
fcw i'l'icnds. Mosl short: my sonic desires.
mcuinlly. physically tllitl plciisurlthly.

ltl itllk‘liti.’ to thch molly pcoplc. why do
you suppose I ltL'lli \t‘olllctl sltlllili' ihtii ztll
thc lncn Ilcl'c "suck." \\'ltL'll I, for onc. do
tiol'.l And why :uc ihc iIiL'iI ltctc. including
lnysclf. saying Illc sumo about thc nomcn’.’
is it putc lutiottulizutiotl lot no luck ill
ion"! is it llitll wc studcllt'. me so \lil'C that
ihclc cutl't hc tlil)i)lil' i‘ot us hclc; \\‘th1 l.

 

for trllc of ittti|l_\‘. :un‘.‘

i think it's ltlrollt lllllt' to put uwuy mmc
littiludcs Eliitl usc \tlilil' oi out illh'il
tlittlL‘iNltliitllili! :llltl clil]\.lth_\ to llcilcl uml
hcllil'il us till.

 lticlilti'd ('tll'l l-‘ist‘llcr

 

The Senate situation will
be discussed on
Monday at 8:00 in the

Fireside Lounge.
All are urged to attend.

 

 

and if: ctwft'uc magazine t

Ell-.ﬂlhll la Ill‘
llkln Bah-r. iftirlrrr lrr (.‘lm-I
Rob E. Grub-In. Murrrrllm" tfdlrrrr
Sylvia Saunders

New. Edltor r .
Andrew Carroll. Sum" Milliglln. lit-lit twin-r

Auocllla Nonv- Edllon

 

ASP-cu Edllon ltnlr Elli-lump, Rrrrrnl i l.l-vy
Auocl-to AﬂPcctl Edltor Joanne Wt 'lll‘l
Sound I Vlolon I'd i’iului
CIIIIIVC Arl- Slll’ (ii'tltel
Design I I‘vout . llolmld chv

Spou- Edltor . Huh ih-llnllure
Alloclalu Sport- Edlton Marc ilaslwl. Larry Kali“

Edllorl-I Page. Edltor Slow-n A (ilt't'nlil'tn

Copy Edlto' Mitrhvil A (Erwin-l

SIAM-Irritant 'lum llurrlrllilu l’rlliit’ln itr-urlvy. ituirlrr liruwn. Brill Cninrrrlunln. Kl‘lt (Itlrrtur. Mlchrwl Carmen. Aluw (Invarmgh.
Lisa lit-lu-rrnrtuk. .ilrrr lllllltl .lrrriw l twritrt-rg. Mark I’tsriu-Iit llrurt- i'on. Maurer (icurgv. Frank .1 (ill .lr .Kcn Gurtlrru. Whitney
rltlllltl. I.rn tiruI-rr. Mnllltl'w lituirlmi. Wl'lnll'll ilwidun. Mtrht-lt- lulu-l, JMIIL'! Julio. Amy Kalrtm. [Jury Kinsman. l'unr Lintik.
liruu- I..-vy. .iamvs Mnrkul is Willitttti 0' Burn. Wayne i’cn-u-lrrmm. Mark "outer. .it-ii Schmloii. litrrbarn Stirlndlt'r. i’.rui Stlnurrtz.
\m- Srrutir. Loith Suit-Inuit ZodI-c I Pl-‘IIII Editor-i Mnlll‘ Utillllltlnu. September Klein

Dabble unpt, "tilllll’n Mtilruur-l

Jltlu't Drvtims

Adv-nI-lnn Man-u" .
Iicrirric “mu/II. Miriam lltlspiel

Bllllnn Accolnllm
Compn-itlun Man-nu
0m” Cooldlnlllil

llnvdt-n Cdtllllll
“tillllll' Stevens

Salon: ‘rtmr imrrlur Hitllt'il Kill; CIIloIIIId Min-Ion 51")Il'lllln‘i Klrur Comluultinni I lullk's Cluck Advnnlalnu Prod-Ir
tltrn Mun-ueni Mann Annut til-Itllir lrlltllltvkiu'iilt'l Advent-lug Production: | lhllll‘l' titan-m. Michell: lulu-l. Susan Kaplnu.

M Ill Mr-mivl-urin. lmllu‘ ‘ullmilllrulq i‘mnlyu Srrigwitk, Ktulry Utlrll Olll-r Slalll Wmuly livikul. Holly “Illill'l. lI'IlV (illtk,
«Hm. litm‘rllrt'tll tumor. to.” mom linllnwllr
"lvd'n Clrrulli. Bum nu: I‘rnnnrtmrr Alttrtlittt'h
VortlcalCaqu llnmlit-ik
llunlt'nt‘hltk

lypl-I LIIunnllriIlle

I'll-temp: Am, l\‘.ultnr ‘f‘llilll l .umln-n- ltrilrlttwutilllx ('ritnm ‘utlilrrrluisiw. Dow lliulllillldiiat‘l. Typhutk‘nlul lluly. lirm'tllaly

|.l,,..,.v Mir. (turmoil-t. Hum. r..tt.r Mun. itulmm norm (unlrlv than. lino stunt-lilo. lnttlic Walk-n. Ch-uttuurl Mont

    
 

Photography. .‘mlrpimn ,mn. p...» v. tin .r. in” f'lttvlir smut.-

(‘lrlel I'luitournphui “till I r i rr:..r.t

lll‘ﬁ ‘iInH: l ‘ lit '\nfill Allow no u lwri t ’lnrrr. Mom- I urn Mikr- Itlvrull .‘itlll Holt-k. Mtilt‘ ’ll‘ilxi'llfl. floor all. lkltu
‘ .rmrrr ‘rtr hi it l rtii lrlmrrulll, Will Yullurur

\lm llrt . .

unlit. lli I'r m n ,r t rpmntlrrrr.‘

  

tun. twat... “mlintrinvttmn... It. itlltlrrl\‘itttliviitt'I‘llltltlt'SIutfi'ttl

r. i It] rm: /.r p...“ ml, llfifltiltll\ luv ttitllt'it lull tirr ltliltd rrl t‘Irrt-i, point: it slllr/r-rt in m: l' Ltimrrrtxi

 

Hurling .rilm. 'n
Alluiur Sirllit'rrt l’rt-n, t't' .’i.'U
Mitt! li’tnlullglluu /\
Allntlly. NV -' 1".
ifrlh’l 457.330; ..

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

