.,,

we”

   

_ 

,..., .c

   
  

- I

Page; out '

tragedy bivides Joy;

t.anmo-mro.w« cm». a. wfm<w uv-nw.-«rv~-uo .-.- 1 I‘m,"- 4 r. .w. ...- . -4 .. umwp . u» hvn-i
.r . . , I v

‘ i; 1‘ A
.u-‘ -v-

onT .,

Giant Marble Music

 

Joy Division Closes The Door

"This is the end — my only friend, the end. "
—Jim Morrison

It’s sad to report that one of this
year’s finest albums is by a band
who has recently met with tragedy
and has disbanded. Joy Division — the
British post-punk ('3) band — had Just com-
pleted their second album, Closer, when

rt Curtis han ed himself.

Jimmy Jaito

 

 

ironically, then, Closer is filed with
powarfully moving music. Like all great
bands, Joy Division was able to take their in-

fluences — the Doors, Brian Eno, the Velvet
Underground —- and create a sound quite
unique in Its vision. The Division are, or
rather were (dammit) laigely an electronicalv
ly based band, but they balanced these other
worldly textures with a lyrical expression that
is positively splne~tlngllng in its confrontation
between man and his consciousness.

lan Curtis confronts the abyss — that Is,
his psychological demons — In a document
more uncompromisineg real than anything
since Neil Young's exorcism on his classic
Tonight's the Night album. Curtis' deep,

 

 

    
 

charasmatic voice -—- this is the Jim Morrison
influence — Is mixed back, giving it a distant,
eerie effect. His.sqarch for his fate leaves
questions that have been unanswered out-
side of the music, amplifying the already
haunting impact of his open-ended lyrics. in
"Passover," his voice trails off as he sings:
"This Is the crisis I knew had to come,
destroying the balance I kept/ Turning
around to the next set of lives, wondering
what will come next . . .” He is almost
desperate in “Twenty Four Hours," as he
sings "Gotta find my Destiny/Before It gets
too late." again the song's closing line. in the
light of his death, there is something very
mystical in Ian Curtis' presence.

But this Is far from a one man show.
Talent abounds here. Bernard Albrecht puts
the synthesizer (he's also a gut-wrenching
guitarist) to its best use — for atmosphere.
not showy, overblown bombast. He creates
a very spacial ambiance — this is the Eno in-
fluence — through dense layering and subtle
dub techniques, evoking vlvld, ethereal Im-
ages nd moods. He Is at his most abrasive
in "Atrocity Exhibiton" and at his most
romanticised in “The Eternal." His are very
carefully song-structured passages.

arly Clash is characterized by 'a
raw, make-you-ltsten quality.
Therefore. remixing and re-
reieastng such early power tunes as "Capital
Radio" and “Pressure Drop" make it sound
like filler, which is an insult to a band with
such high standards as the Clash.
“Time is Tight" is an un-Clash-like in~
strumental remake of the Booker T tune and
shows some new roots.
Side two features some of the best white-
reggae on vinyl.

"Bank-Robber." produced by Mickey
Dread, has a murky quality which adds an

 

‘ _., effect.

"Armagideon Time" is carried by Its
apocalyptic lyrics. “Justice Tonight/Kick it
Over" and “Armagldeon” are produced by
the Clash and feature a more polished
sound. Most aural on side two are Strum—
mers droning lyrics and Simonon's repetitive
bass.

Nine songs for less than four bucks — not
the perfect gift for the season but it's better

 

thLan anything on K-Tel.

h clash And Roxy
Make Some Honey

 

J

Wuwwrr— vI- --.--~— - A ’ ‘

a'uvol-I . ...-.,.v..-.-......~K... ....... .,..._. .quu am...”

 

 

Many of these songs are based around
classic rock motifs — a few are even
danceable. Bassist Peter Hook and drummer
Stephen Morris provide a repetitively poun-
ding backbeat, at times meshing with
Albrecht's textured treatments to create an
Icy hammer-on-granite drone (this Is the
Velvet Underground inﬂuence).

December 9, 1930

If you are respondent to the world Close
creates. it will rock you like nothing else 0"
Its own, this album is too inspiring to b2
depressing (again, like Youngs' TI‘N). [t is
very depressing, however, In view of Ian.
Curtis’ suicide and the fact that this is Jo
Division's Last Supper. The potential oi tht:
band was kinetic. What a loss. .

 

Young Marble Giants-Better Left Untouched

oung Marble Giants are a quaint lit-
g tie British band comprised of
vocalist Alison Station.
guitarist/organist Stuart Moxham. his
brother Philip on bass, and — and that's It.
Their debut album, Collosal Youth, is com-
parable to The Roches first album In its
theory of using the most minimal of In-
strumental arrangements to create the most
stark of musical ambiances. But the com-
parison ends there.

The Giants are based in rock'n‘roli, but
use only the bare essentials: bouncy
bass lines sliding In and out of tune, under-
pinning choppy Velvet Underground/cars
style guitar chordtng. and occasional
Wurlitzer organ dabblings that give the music
a Sixties feel. Alison Station’s monotone
pitch has an Innocent. amateurish quality,
falling somewhere between Judy Collins and
The Veivet's Maureen Tucker. Together

(( ame Old Scene" is a re-release of u
the pseudo-disco tune off Roxy’

Music's over-produced (thanks to
Rhett Davies) Flesh and Blood album.

Flesh and Blood at times resembles a
Bryan Ferry solo album. Noticeably missing
on this tune are Manzanera's guitar solos and
Paul Thompson's drumming.

"Lover," previously unreleased, Is a more
Roxy-type tune. On this slow. spacey dance
number. Manzanera's presence and Ferry's
unmistakeabie vocals flow with a suave
charm — a Ferry trademark.

it‘s not their best but if they keep trying
they are bound to regress to their earlier
Roxy magic which made them one of the
most Innovative bands ever.

 

- Ed Pinko)

' Photon:
.Bob

delight.

 

they create a studied aura of quiet medlta~
tion. but their Songs (fifteen in all) are too
clever and their personalities too appealing
to put you to sleep. in fact, they are a perfect
remedy to take away those pre-flnai blocze.

Context is everything here. it was sug.
gested to me that with an expanded line-up
and an Increased tempo, many of these
songs could be transformed Into the highly
energized (but watered-down) power.
pop/rock that has been so fashionable in re-
cent times. But The Giants’ charm and
singularity is In their coy semis
professionalism and the sparsity of their
sound. Some things are better left untouch-
ed.

Collosal Youth is an uncommonly un-
joyable and highly recommended record,
but the Young Marble Giants will have a
tough time making it on this side oi the
Atlantic because they lack two things: tren-
diness and pretension. Helluva problem. 0

 

’ ’ - a .i. '- a.
This special event, sponsored by Frelhoffers and Price Chopper bL‘Q“
with a Christmas tree lighting ceremony at the Capitol. The “UP Wlll‘
Leonlrd People Concert" took place on Sunday afternoon at 3:30 pm.

I The free concert was perfect Christmas time entertainment for Ilil?
'WhOlE family- The small acts Included a takeoff on sports, and song 4”)"
dance music from the 30's and 40's. High school student took center
flllge and Saw: the audience a taste of the magic wonders of America l’ic-
ured here are som'e'of the performers whorhelped make the afternnitll 1‘

 
 
    

  

 kit} .‘V } 2
ii

 

IDecember  980

 

 

Iakalhm

 

'Hakin’s The Most or “sell- Music

ack in 1978, guitarist-songwriter

Mark Knopfier broke onto the

music scene with' a band that con-
sisted of himself, his younger brother. his
roommate. and a one-time studio drummer.
Sporting a fresh, distinguished new sound
that Included simple and forward lyrics and a
new style of guitar, the band Immediately
caught open ears. They have since recorded
three albums, and have gained recognition
and respect from fans. critics. and musicians
alike.

Diarmuid Quinn

Dire Straits' leader Knopfier Is an ex-
Engitsh professor and writes all of the
material for a group that has seen changes in
personnel, stage performance. and range In
the past two years. Leaving behind much of
the sltnplicity and original technique that
brought their debut L.P. immediate critical
acclaim. and their second cries of repetition.
Knopfier has Worked with Jimmy lovine
(producer of Graham Parker. Bruce Springs-

 

 

teen. .inti Tom Petty, among others) to
rrcntu yui nnulher refreshing change on
witttt is pmsihly the band’s strongest record

to date. Making (\ftrtiics features a sound llml
Is thllt't‘. boosting more effects work than on
the previous discs: and features a guest up-
pL‘rIlrillk'l.’ by the E-strcet band's pianist Roy
Bittrui, Were it not for Knopfier's itVUt"
\vliulming presence. Bittitn's parts might well
he lllL' highlight of the new album, as he adds
a dimension that doubles the range of the
group. removing them from their previous
4-piecu alignment. The piano appears to be
Knopfiers latest infatuation. as he uses it to
experiment with new styles on almost every
cut on the l..i’..

The other personnel change since Corn-
nrunique. the band's underrated second
record. is the addition of Hal Lindes. a new

Mocesjaries

rhythm guitarist replacing David Knopfier.
Mark‘s younger sibling. _

“Tunnel of Love" is the first cut on the
new album and it Imrnedlately reﬂects the
new production techniques on the record.
The piano provides the base for a more or-
chestrated sound and blends nicely with the
guitar leads throughout the song. leaving a
new style that holds no room for criticism In
the vein of repetition.

"Romeo and Juliet" is one of Knopfier‘s
best love songs to date. Featuring a dobro
guitar and more strong piano interludes, the
song's lyrics give an Ironically modern twist
to the older tale, leading nicely into the last
cut on what is probably the best side of any
Dire Straits record yet. "Skateaway" shows
off the collaboration between lovine and
Knopfier more that any other tune, as they
work together to produce new techniques
and effects that bring out Pick Wither's crisp
drumming. and make the overall output of

     
   
   

the album smoother.

The most significant employment of piano
on the LP. appears In a tune called
“Expresso Love," a song that falls back on
the older material more than any of the
others. The cut Is somewhat reminiscent of
“Lady Writer." the single from Communi-
que. Withers Is given new challenges on this
one and reveals the diversity of his style,
presumably a result of his stints as a studio
musician.

The other cuts on the record are "Hand in
Hand," a nice slow ballad. “Les Boys," one
that uses rinky-tlnk piano as a base, and
“Solid Rock." the one song that draws out
the shades of Dylan that many people talk
about in Knopfier's style. it's a fast. driving
rocker (as much as you can call any Dire
Straits compostion a rocker) and the vocal
inflections bring out the Dyianesque that
many have sought to compare to Straits all
along. Knopfier. as a matter of fact. played

-.c. .

With the street appearance of plant-t Roy Bin-n. Dire Straits has produced Making Movies.

on Bob Dylan's "Slow Train Coming" LP. a
year or so ago, igniting a number of outside
escapades by the guitarist. in spite of

repeated disclaimers of stardom. Knopfier
remains one of the hottest properties in the
recording Industry right now. having played
on L.P.’s by Philip Lynott. Dylan and most
recently Steely Dan's new album entitled
Gaucho.

Those who get a chance to see Dire Straits
on their current North American tour should
see a more dynamic. revamped. and
together live show, featuring a good display
of the talents of the band's new members. In .
"Romeo and Juliet" Knopfier sings "i can't
do the talks, like the talks on the TV, and i
can't do a loue song. like the way it's meant
to be. . . ."

Making Movies refutes that, and puts Dire
Straits right back on the top of the music
scene: 0

changing Direction Vlith Song 0! Seven

uring his twelve years as lead

vocalist for the English progressive

rock band Yes, Jon Anderson
wrote the lyrics for most of the band's songs.
Tltis‘was done either by himself or In col—
laboration with other members of the band.
in each of his songs. the thought and mean»
ing were intricately bound into the lyrics,
making it difficult to decipher. With the
release of his newest solo album, entitled
Song of Seven. Anderson has somewhat
altered his lyrical writing by using simpler
lyrics. However. he does not totally stray
from his former style, as some of the cuts still
have that old character.

Tom Lustik

Retrospect 1976: The members of Yes
take a break from writing and recording
together. Each member cuts a solo album.
Anderson releases an album entitled Olias of
Sunhillow. The album is conceptual In that it
Is based on a story conceived and written by
Jon Anderson. Olias of Sunhiltow Is a com-
plete solo album. By this i mean Anderson

 

   
      

Song of Seven, Andonon'o ilrlrd
solo effort, done wlth [anally help
and lnoplntion.

    

wrote. arranged and performed all of the
music. Musically. the album was dominated
by synthesizers, harp and incidental percus-
sion. The presence of Anderson's unique
vocals are always a characleristlc.

Then in early May of 1980. Anderson
released a duet album with Vangells. a
popular European electronic keyboardist.
The album. Short Stories. was written by
Anderson and Vangeiis, Jon wrote and sang
lyrics and Vangells composed, arranged and
performed the music. Anderson altered his
lyrical writing in that the songs were mostly
love songs dedicated to his wife Jennifer.

Jon Anderson left Yes In May of 1980 to
pursue a solo career. This was caused by the
band's Inability to agree on the collective
musical direction. With the release of Ander-
son's latest solo album, Song of Seven. one
can see that he has changed his musical
direction in comparison to his previous
works both with Yes and as a soloist. The
album contains a wide range of music from
characteristic Anderson tunes to one or two
danceable songs.

Song of Seven features Anderson on
vocals with an occasional part on korg syn-
thesizer. harp and acoustic guitar. He has In—
corporated the New Life Band Into his new
album. The band members Ronnie Leahy.
Maurice Pert, lan Barlnson. John Glblen,
Clem Clemson. Simon Philips, Jack Bruce,
Dick Morrisay. Mel, Christopher Rainbow,
and Johnny Dankworth each share musical
spots throughout the album.

The first cut “For You. For Me" is a song
formed mainly around the keyboards played
by Anderson and Leahy. intertwined around
the keyboards are incidental percussion by
Part, guitar by Barlnson and bass by Glbiin,
This catchy tune is about how all things
around us are for us, and we should ap-
preciate It. The next cut, "Some Are Born."
is an Indication of how Anderson has chang-
ed musically. He Incorporates the drums by
Pert and a saxaphone by Dick Morrisay to

tell us that no matter who or what you are.
live out life In the fullest.

“Don't Forget (Nustttlgia)" is it slow dance,
fifties sounding tune which also contains a

sax -— it's the alto sax of Johme Dankworth
this time.
Following

is “Heart of
Matter" which
has a
danceable
rhythm to it.
This song
was written
by Anderson
and Ronnie
Leahy. Again
featured on
sax is Dick
Morrisay and
he

song also has a special appearance on bass
by Jack Bruce. Christopher Rainbow carries
the backing vocals; the harmony Is different
from the well known ones of Yes.

The last song on side one, “Hear it," Is a

typical Anderson song. Dominating the
sound Is, of course, his vocals. but the
acoustic guitar and Incidental percussion are
also there. Anderson's son Demian, who Is
all of twelve years old, plays korg keyboards
for the song.

Side two starts off with a tune called
"Everybody Loves You.” Basically a love
song, the music ls arranged very Well.
Dominated by drums and bass with
background keyboards and guitar, Anderson
and backing vocalist Chris Rainbow create a
nice atmosphere with this song.

Following the slow tempo, easy listening
cut "Take your Time," is "Days," which
features lan Barlnson on acoustic guitar.
Anderson also adds some of his talent by
completing the song with a solo on the harp.
This solo blends into the Introduction of the
final and title cut. “Song of Seven" begins
with a section of “ ‘ " ' ,L "

-_rr:r.. r....

ya. u, mt, mt ..._.- Alumna-Mun». .. ..

 

This Song Is the biggest production on the
album. it blends characteristics of all of
Anderson's 5010 albums from the first to the
present. There is some fine guitar work by
Clem Clemson and percussion by Maurice

 

Jon Antler-omﬂlldng almple change-1m to honor.

Pert fills in the background. The choral
vocals by Chris Rainbow and the Delme Str-
ing Quartet add depth. Toward the end of
the song, Anderson sings harmony with his
daughter Deborah Leigh. This turns out-to
be the most beautiful song on the album.
Dedicated to his wife, the song says that we
all have dreams that are important in our life
and you should try to follow them, while not
letting them carry you away from the point
that reality becomes hard'to grasp.

it seems that Jon Anderson has hit a'
favorite note with his new record. The music
and lyrics are pleasing to the ears. By the dif-
ferent styles of songs, one can see that he
may be trying to appeal to more people.
Anderson has deftnately altered his style to
take him out of the Yes mold. The man
knows how to create an enjoyable at-
mosphere with his music.

The future seems bright for Jon Anderson.
There will always be fans of his who will
follow him to the end. However. with Song
of Seven, [feel he will pick up new followers
and more people will enjoy his talent,

r u  r I L) ‘

r .

 

 

