.M“ w‘ _ ._..._.c

 

 

   
  

 

’ merica: solid as the ground beneath
our feet, eiusiue as the Tooth Fairy.

its magical as New York City; as prosaic
:xs Winesburg, Ohio; as fluid as the
Mississippi; as stagnant as poverty: this is
the country that gave the world barbed
wire, Kleenex, and Mel Brooks. We
move as last as the Pony Express, and as
slow as social change. Our character Is
strong (Susan B. Anthony) and weak
(Spiro Agnew).
We are in love with America — her
rainbow trout and cypress groves, lter
ragtime bands and chorus lines, her
baseball parks and art museums. We ad-
mire her brashness, the rowdy spirit,
sense of limitless potential. Yet we cringe
at her arrogance. We can no longer swim
in her lakes. We have died too often in
her wars. We haue appeared on her
blacklists and felt the impact of her pre-
‘udices and aggression. Sometimes we
question her motives, challenge her ac-
tions. We remember Teapot Dome and
Watergate. Vietnam still haunts us.
The point: America means a lot of dif-
ferent things to a lot of different people.
For some she is "the greatest poem, " “the
mother of exiles. "“'the land of the free.’
But for others site has delivered only op-
pression and deception, and cold
betraya/s to promises of opportunity and
the pursuit of happiness.
The land is color blind . . .

- The landis color blind; the institutions
are not, The zealous expansion during
the 18th and 19th centuries destroyed
the Indian nation. Economic pressures
and moral myopia continued the black
slavery system we inherited from the
British. Greed and prejudice exploited
the labor of each successive wave of im-
migration. And our racial and classist

 

hang-ups are still with us today. There
are bussing riots in Boston 26 years after
Brown vs. Board of Education. There is

 

 

)America that we had a real

 

popular resistance to Affirmative Action. Jeni, “You follow your country's ideas
The bald eagle is an endangered SPECIES; even if you're not into it, because your

Still. some 0f U5 991 a QUIP in our country is important, too. But sometimes
throats when we stand for the National you don't agree and showing that is Im-
Antbem at stadiums and arenas across portam' too, like the UN, protests." Tom
the halion- Olheiﬁ remembering ﬂinging T, emphasized that there shouldn't be a
while being forced to stand for the Pledge mandatory support of the deeds and
0f Allegiance In thlOT thh- F€9llh95 0f ideologies of our government. "Real
Americans lOWﬂl’d America a“! Chen patriotism," he said, “is not just a blind
confused with mixed reactions of pr'ide- Obedience and a kow-towing to the
and betrayal. And for the Several values your political leaders espouse. It
Americans WE talked for many COUld he means you have to question what they
cited for feeling both ways. say and what actions they take. Other-

”Nahonalism l5 ’95P“! for your COUH' wise, what you have is ignorance, whip-
hLy,” said Scott, a typical SUNYA stu- pad national fervor,"

 

Article

by

Sue Gerber
and

Beth Kaye
with

Debby Wilson

 

 

more experienced Navy career man,
FOE responded stronger. to the conceq
of nationalism. “Nationalism is a big
word," Tom said, “but l'm not sure it has
any meaning to us anymore. It's a pride
of your country, but l'm not sure how you
should feel. l'm not thrilled about the fact
that the American people let Vietnam
happen. I saw ‘Nam and didn't like what I
saw there —— hypocrisy. It was an unjust,
unfair, unreal war and they'll never get
me into another one." Tom went on to
say that though “there are real patriots in
the country, it's not like WWII. Then, if
'you were in uniform, people would take
you to a bar and buy you a drink. Girls
would go out with you and you knew
your country was behind you,"

But times change and the ferverent na-
tionalistic spirit which defeated Nazis and
fascists went on to accept a purge upon
itself which would eradicate all things
“un-American.” Those years in the late
405 and early 505 were called the Red
Scare because strident anti-Communists
like Senator Joseph McCarthy from
Wisconsin and Senator Richard Nixon
from California and others felt a very real
fear of Russian expansion, communist
takeover, and the ideals of the American
constitution being trampled under the
heels of a communist revolution. Ironical—
ly, the communist witch hunts of the
19505 violated the most basic of
American rights: the right to free speech.
and free thought.

In the post-McCarthy years. na-
tionalism came to mean preserving the
status quo. Conventionallty was a
religion and violaters of the norm were
seen as heretics. It was the party line all
the way. Until the midsixties when out of
the heretical circles, sanctuaries of open«
minded expressionism, the beatniks or
hippies began to overtly rebel against the
norm. And they tried to persuade Middle

 

“un-American" moral problem in Viet-
nam and elsewhere, By the time the rest
‘of the country woke up out of its self-
'delusionary comfortable world, it was too
late. Chaos had entered the Heartland.
Concepts such as Civil Rights and
Human Rights began to be accepted by
or forced on more people. But along with
the new social changes the old feelings of
patriotism didn't fade into the sunset with
the last American cowboy. Our most
popular heroes weren’t the radicals or the
martyrs like Martin Luther King. They
weren't symbols of the new ex-

 

 

l‘lr‘lllOl‘lr‘lLliM

(its.

v-...;:.a......-.-.wr; '......- u . , , do. .~~—r

LastllefugéForAmeri

 

 

 

 

(aloria Steinem. Rather they were two men who are synonomous with the United States an
American values. Perhaps the blggt'si heroes in the waning of the 20th century have been Bob

Hope and John Wayne.

predict.

about the feelings symbols arouse."

the chills looking at the American flrrg " A

G] n the starting gate of the 10805. we can see a probable return to full-fledged nationalistic
spirit. Whether that spirit will be brrsrtrl on the true ideals and concepts of freedom, change,
and fulfillment found in the Constitution or merely vain belief in the political icons is hard to

“If I carried a flag it would be confusing," sirrrl Tom T. “But I like to confuse symbols, to create
situations that make people think about the wmbols they blindly follow. I want people to think

The symbols of America are primarily the lied, White, and Blue flag, the Eagle, the Liberty
Bell, etc. But few of us are really ithllI' of [hurt meanings. Randomly asking students in tbcCam-
pusCenter what certain symbols mrurrr rw got it variety of answers. Toni said that the flag to he
meant a “union of states," but that who irrrrrrr'r given it much thought. Pam, while sitting in the
television lounge as Merv Griffin lttltl rtlllt't'tl yet another blonde bombshell, said, “I don't really get

 

more positive answer came from Rob
who said that the flag is “a [)lL‘Ct‘ oi cloth
that leads us to our goal. It's cool. rt's
patriotic, especially after the ()lytnpris
and the lratr thing.” Beligerenl was “to
tone of Jeff's reply as he said. (linlugly,
“when someone insults llli' flag tn tlrrs
‘ouutry it's like they're talking about tur' "

 
  

 

 

presslveness like Jack Nicholson 0;;

v" “ammonium if!

  

No one we talked to was stile of lltr‘ 

 

this country." Later Debbie (:orrsrr
vines spread out real far but they d:
but don’t really progress." Finally
would like America to stand for.
fairly innocent as a country."
Others wouldn’t agree on lllt' innrri t'iit u
dispute the revolutionary charter- of the It
country was founded on the gr'nor rdr' rrl ln

ment. Especially incensed .rrr- llltll
order to seek opportunity rlllfl llltllllll‘ (litr' lrl

 

onsider myself a patriot towards my

suggested that the fox rnigbt be a bullet a\,‘|ultttl

There is much bitterness among IttIirrrtIi‘.‘ tiWUPS

igniflcance of the red, white, and bluc
olors. Debbie, however, guessed that
“the red is for the blood at the Revolu»
lionary War, blue's for the sky, and

bite, White's for .." "Purity," her
riend Laurie jumped in. “Purity,” Debbie
greed, About the Eagle as a ttational

‘ » ascot Debbie said she liked it because of

“the power it stands for and the freedom

WEagles get high a lot and St) do WU " (turtles were interrupted by a second thought, Debbie
because of “all the sneaky, sly things that go on in
lrtlt‘tl llrr' «'llttlmber as a good symbol “because the cucumber
rn't go up It's like how we spread ourselves all over the world
l,.rutit' ririrwi the “shiny red apple
“1 w: rrrlrl ltl.i'1il(> stand for goodness and honesty. I think we are

n

as a symbol of what she

rrf Illiu U.S.A. One observer vented his frustrations: “I
.mrlution. We never honored “inalienable rights." This
rltnits. And the enslavement of Blacks."

about the failed promises of the US. governv
l’m .tli'l littluliib. two groups who did not ask to come here in
risk woman was Very adamant in her disgust for na~

' I  “- . a ,. . . .v
Enrolism. “l have no low {or thin murrlrt. ~l1~ Mid. so I wouldn't be (.Ullhltlt rod it prilllnl. iiuil

 

  
  
    
 
  
    
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
    
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
    
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
     
 
  
  
 
  

 
 

 

eople, here, in America. If I were to be
politically active it would be in a struggle
for my people's goal of equality here in
America." '

Many see a general move away from a
wide based nationalism and they see a
growing loyalty to smaller communities.
I believe in community service, not na-
tional service, not supporting the military
achine." Said one young man, "People
should get involved in issues important to
their own community — housing, sanita»
tion, etc, Look at the South and North
ends of this city. In China the students go
work in the fields. Here we could have
students at least clean the podium."

Tom T. reflected on America. “I like
this country." be decided, “I guess it's a
common attachment for anyplace you

live, But I think it's the most f‘cked-up
1country in the world. This is where we
have to stay if we expect to change it.
it or leave it' makes me sick
because they have no right to tell me I
should go. The only reason I organize
people against the draft, or oppose
racism against Iranian students, is
because I care about my community."
Again, it is the community, not the nation
as a whole, which is the object of loyalty.

be definition of a comtnunity is

necessarily broad, it may be a
locality or a religion or an ideology which
n unites people together. There may also
communities witlritr communities,
as some blacks are also New

  

 

Yorkers and will demonstrate loyalties to

each comnrurrity depending on if they're
voting for Affirmative Action or rooting
for the Mets or Yankees, Priscilla, a
young woman, told us that America is
“the most important" place for her except,
for Israel. She said, "they're both impor~
tant to me."

So loyalties have, to some extent,
become rrrore specific. Some people who
are strongly devoted to a specific group
often feel antagonism to the larger con'-
cept of nationalism, They are wary of be»
itrg either crushed by the larger group or
being absorbed by them. "This is a racist,
oppressive country," said Charlotte, a
black woman. “It means nothing to me,
This is my country as far as my
forefathers went through slavery for this
country and built it. But I don’t feel that
this is my country as far as having a say in
how it's got/mired.”

Perhaps we cart apply the Theory of
Entropy to nationalism. It seems that

 

 

throughout history local groups united
utrgellter forming kingdoms for tnilitaqd

protection and e'conomic security. The
Pelop‘enesial league is one example,
Rome is another. Eventually these
kingdoms or federations become empires
which expand. Alexander's Hellenistic
empire. Rome under the Caesars. the
Arab Jihad, Genghis Kahn's Mongols,
Napoleon's Third Republic, the Ottoman
Empire. the Spanish conquests, the
British Empire. Stalinist Russia, and Nazi
Germany are all examples of empires that
have formed, grown, and, except for
Russia as of yet, decayed and died.
Perhaps after 150 years of growth .‘br
United States reached its climax when

 

Fredrick Law Turner announced the clos-
ing of the Frontier in I898. Our im-
perialist policies since then. which
sprouted from the ashes of Manifest
Destiny, have been efforts to expand the
Frontier. These had succeeded in art ar-
tificial expansion, Our heart never seem-
ed to be into really setting up art empire
as our frequent withdrawals into lsola~
iionism indicate. However, our business
and our spirit, our sense of sell, our iden-
tity continued to grow unimpeded and
finally exploded in a gallant spurt of spirit
In the second world war. This perhaps
was tbetrueArmeqeddon between truth.

N cesspool and with the country's morale

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

justice, and the American way and th

evil, inhuman menace of the Naz
bastards. We won and on that Impetus
we grew more in spirit and in pride. But
by the late 405 the painfully slow collapse
of the system was apparent. We were
receding in the 505 and 605 and in the
Nixon‘Watergate 705. And now we’re,
perhaps, beginning again to value the
comtnunity, the group. The cycle is eter-
nal.

To contradict the inevitable entropic
decay it would be necessary to inject
another artificial stimulus into the system.
As one man we talked to observed, “the
only true groups are ones which are
united by experiences. Americans have
no such common basis, except in com-
mon hatred of a real or fictional enemy."

Gathering around the war chest could
have particularly drastic consequences In
this nuclear age. but despite Vietnam,
there's nothing like a war to stoke up
again the nationalistic fires. At least this is
what many analysts feel, and from history
we learn that this is painfully true. So in
this age of waving nationalism we are
beginning to witness increasingly na-
tionalistic enthusiasm. "Nuke Iran" but-
tons, and Olympic t-shirts showing one of
the five Olympic rings detached with a
caption “let lllt' Russians play with
themselves" may be the new jingolsms.
The Boycott of the Moscow Olympics.
tluI animosin towards Iran, the growing
conservative tide, Ronald Reagan's
primary successes are all both results and
instigator's of nationalistic fervor. Yet,
with war a frightening possibility and with
the economy drowning in an inflationary

and optirnistn sinking along with its
natural resources it seems that a swelling
of nationalism is the last push of a dying
empire.

Are these the last days of our society?
Despite obvious faults in our society this
idea is too chilling to respond to. But as
far as nationalism, as far as what it
means, and as far as what the concept of
"America" nrearrs is still a confusing con-
sideration to many young people.

One young man said he “would carry a
flag in support of the ideas of some of the
people, the ideas of the Declaration of In-
dependence, the ideas of Jefferson." But
a young woman said that she "wouldn't
be willing to fight¥>r America because the

princiTﬂ ’5 it was ended. on‘were never
upheld woulclll—l know which prin-

 
    

 

 

ciples, wrose princhles, l‘was deferr-

'x.

   
  

 

 

