m” mv Wm -.....

t

 

 

Danes Cop Championship In Bree

I Patient Offense sets Pace In 61 -55
I I Albany Win Over Top-Ranked Upsala

by Bob Bellnflore
BROCKPORT — They beat a team
to win the Broekport Tournament
that they were not supposed to be
able to beat. _ '

Upsala College, ranked second in
the east in Division ill by a pre-
season coaches poll, is quick, and
likes to run. The Danes are not
quick. and would rather slow the
pace down. But it was Ray Cesare‘s
drive to the basket after a stall of
over one minute giving Albany a
four-point lead with 46 seconds to
go that propelled the Danes to a
61-55 victory over the Vikings in the
championship game Saturday
night. Albany got there by virtue of
their _5l-50 win over Rochester ln-
stltutc of chlmology the night
before.

“Tonight, we're just on cloud
nine," said an elated Albany
basketball coach Dick Sauers.

control of the tempo of the game
that nulliﬁed Upsala's speed advan-
tage, and gave the Danes the chance
to run their own style of offense. “I
was pleased with the way my teattt
was patient," said Sauers.

“They wanted a (20-point
game,"suid a disappointed Upsala
basketball coach Tont Chapman.
“and we wanted an 80-point
game."

Upsala maintained a Iwo~poinl
lead throughout most of the first
half, with Albany tying, but never
going ahead. The Vikittg zone
defense consistanlly prevettted tltc
Dattcs front getting tlte bull inside,
forcing tltctn to play catclt on the
perimeter for much ot'thc first half.
But one ntinttte remaining, and

~Albany dowtt 27-25, the Danes went
into their stall for the last sltot.
Cesare passed to postman John
Dicekelman, who moved dowtt the

it was Albany's slow, deliberatel lane, bumped with defender Steve

 

Albany sophomore center John Dleckelman was selected Brockporl Tour-
nament Most Valuable Player. (Photo: Dave Muchson) .

 

,ASP
Basketball
Supplement

 

 

Keenan. and hit a fadeaway jumper
with only three seconds to go, knot-
ting the score at 27.

Albany took the lead for the first
titne with less than two minutes
gone in the second ltalf. when
junior forward Joe Jednak hit a
l7-footer, giving the Danes a 33-3l
advantage. Upsala got it back on a
lay in by Keenan, but Albany
regained the lead for good on
Dieckehnan's three-point play, with
10:44,remaining. making the score
4644.

It was then that the Vikings ltad
to make adjustments. Once they
were behind, Upsala chose to
change frotn their zone to a man-to-
man defense, much to the enjoy-
tncnt of the Danes. Albany was able
to utilize their tnotion offense, and
that was just too tnttclt for their op-
pencnts to handle.

“Once we got to
thought we would take advantage."
Sauers said. “I thought we were
smarter in the man-to-ntttn than
they were, and they really couldn‘t
handle our movement. We picked
them to death."

“We used it as a stall." said
Dieckelntan of the tnotion offense.
“It was just to get the good shot."

Upsala got as close as one point,
48-47. Inn gnatd Rob Clune ltit
three consecutive ftcc throws, attd
with another Dieckclman futlcaway
from the middle, Albany led 53-49.
The postman also hit a lay itt off of
a pass from Clone to hoist the lead
to six points, 55-49.

The Vikings came back to within
a basket after Keenan hit a baseline
jumper, and last year’s, ECAC
Player of the Year, Fennel! Fowlkcs
was good from the outside. Then
came Ccsare's drive.

“We were worried abvout their
transition." Sancrs said about Up-
sala. “Doc (Saucrs) just told tts to
get back on defense." Dieckcltnan
continued. “We handled it pretty
well.” ‘

In the first round of the tourney,
Albany beat Rl'l‘ itt a see-saw battle
that, like Saturday's game, was tied
at halftime. The Danes, in contrast
to their . championship effort.
played unorganized, and never real-
ly seemed to get their game plan off
the ground.

“I thought we played very well,"
Sauers said, “for about eight
minutes. i thought we lacked a
floor leader. We were just lucky to
get ottt of there."

Perhaps the brightest spot of the
weekend was the pcrfortnance of
Dicckelman. The sophomore centcr
scored 21 points, hauled in six re-
bourtds, and blocked three shots
against Upsala, itt addition to the 14
points and seven caroms in the
opettcr. For his efforts, he was
named the tournament‘s Most
Valuable Player in his first two
games as a Dane.

“John definitely earned the
trophy," Saucrs said. “He did a
great-job for us. He's going to get
better.”

Also tabbed for honors was led
nak, who was natned to the All-
Tournament team'. Scoring l0

motion, 1 ~

.. x. «ﬂan.

Swimmers mm
' page] 5

November 25, 1980

kport Tourney '

       
  

 

 

Allntnyjuntor l‘ormtrd .loc Jctlnak puts out- in from underneath during last
weekend's tonrnantent ltt llrockport. (l‘ltoto: Dave Mnchson)

points ill the filial game, his outside
shooting and defense provided
dividends on both ends of the court
for the Danes.

Albany, with two wins on the
opening weekend, has some time
off until they travel to Oswcgo on
December 3. for a SUNYAC game.

They open their home schedule at
University Gym on December 6.
when powerhouse Potsdam comes
to renew a fierce rivalry.

“it's a great way to start the
year." Dieckclman said. Saucrs
agreed: “I think the impetus of this
will carry us a long way."

 

 

Din Injured Ray Cesare

 

N

Makes His Presence Felt

IlROCKPORT — Surrounding the much-awaited Albany-Upsala mat-
ehnp Saturday night was the uncertain status of Dane guard Ray
Cesare. ltt Albany’s openittg rottnd Brockport Tournament win — a
sluggish performance against Rl'l‘ — Cesare and his slightly sprained
ankle rctttaincd on the bench. Facing a powerhouse Upsalu squad the
next night, tlte Danes needed Cesare in the lineup,

But no one knew if Cesare would play. I

"in the afternoon I thought I wasn't going to play," Cesare said. “i
really didn't know, and i thought it depended on how the gatne went.
Then Doc (Albany coach Dick Silthl'S) asked me how i felt before the
game."

Obviously, he felt well enough. With lt):23 remaining in the first
half Saucts sent Cesare iii to the ballgamc. Two minutes later Cesare. a
6-4 guard, attempted his first shot —— a lS»l'oot jumper that swislted
through the net. Not moving at full speed, Cesare did manage to
play a little over 21 tninutes, and although his ballhandling helped the
Danes repeatedly break backeourt pressure by Upsala, his greatest
contribution came late in the game. With 43 seconds left, Cesare ltit
Albany’s biggest basket of the contest —— a strong drive to the hoop —~
to put the Vikings away.

That drive was Cesare's third and fottrth poittts, bttt despite the low
scoring output, the Danes realized Ccsarc's importance.

“They obviously knew what Ray could do." said guard Rob Clunc.
“it gave added respect to ottr outside shooters with hint iii the game,
so we got the ball inside more."

“tt's obvious there was a difference when he was in there," said
Saucrs of his senior CO'Cﬂptttin. “What he did was the tonic we need-
ed."

it seems Cesare, sprained ankle and all, was just the medicine the
Dattes needed.

— Paul Schwartz

 

 

 

