  

 

 

.._._..‘.-v~,...ac.._-.. _ . ... ... . . ..

4

 

(f; ’ urn“:

_, . ... ...- .—... -.-V-www Wan—v.»-

   
 

Wv—‘W .-.—w...“ n... 4...»: “mayth .---

Aspects on Tuesday '

 
 

April 15‘. ‘19’80

 

Page 8. I v

hick Corea is one of the major talents of
the contemporary jau world. 'The
. group with which he performed Tues-

day night at the Palace Theatre was every bit
as good as a player of Chick's calibre deserves
l

 

. . r
Rube Ctnque

The lineup: Steve'Kajala on reeds. Al Viz-
butt on trumpet. vocals by Gayle Moran. Bun-
ny Brunei on bass. and Tom Brechtleln on-
drums. This was a formidable bunch. indeed.
Most amazing though. was Brechtlein. who
literally drove the band. He worked the drums
hard and fast from the first number on. and

 

       

(area’s tool clique

up throughout the night. With him on the trlos
was Brunei. capable of some monster breaks
(as he demonstrated on Tuesday night).

His bass tone is certainly of the Jaco Pastortus-

Stanley Clarke fusion school. trebly and with
the full group It tended to sound like a bit of
overkill. Yet it was consistent with the sheer
musical power emanating from the stage.
Here in the land of pyrotechnics. it seems
odd to talk about spaciness But there was cer-
tainly a consciousness of space. if you will.
among Chick and his Friends. Again. it conres
back to Brechtlein. the drummer. His impos-
ing prowess was tempered 0y a keenly
dramatic sense of dynamics which brought
each of the others' solos perilously close to

drummer can do much to bring out the best in
a band. With Brechtlein virtually monopolizing
the beat. the rest of the band was free to take
off in any direction that moved them, The
result was music that floated itr space. but
ﬂoated as a whole. There are no lost planet
airmen in Chick Corea‘s band.

The third song of the first set. "Embrace".
from his new album. Tap Step. was interesting
in several aspects. it began with Chick on
acustic piano. showing his stuff like he did
touring with Herbie Hancock last summer.
Dedicated to Robert Schumann. the solo
piano section was quite an appropriate mix of
old and new. Tire transitiott to the band sec-
tion could have been less of a jolt. but that’s a

judgement call. Near the end of the
.sz' w

Gayle Moran made her appearance. and in
short order was drowned out by the band in a
crescendo. That was. thankfully. the only
abuse of power among the band that night.
Her other appearances showed her talents in a
more tolerable light.

The turnout was large. by jazz standards for
Albany. for Chick Corea and Friends. and this
cart only bid well for the prospects of more
jazzmen coming to the Capital District. Dave
Stapleton and his Production Company
deserve a iot'of credit for taking on the task of
bringing Chick into an uncertain crowd. with
few advance sales (a result of the Emit-r
break). After bringing Oregon and Bill Lyons
to Schenectady. Stapleton has again shown a
willingness to gamble that good music that isn't
rock ‘n' roll can sell in the Capital Distrirt

easily filled the many trio breaks that cropped

A chic Chick Corea hendllned the Palace on T

bursting before things caltned down. A ood

   
   

‘ ,witha'" ‘ “of' r

Just when it seemed that everybody r'llltl in.
brother was looking for sax players and iorgr't
ting trumpeters. along comes Al Vtzzutr. who
brought a nifty bag of tricks with ltllti Tut-stint.
night. lli unison with Gayle Moran on .r pro. .-
from her solo album. Won't You Stut'. in-
added just tlw tcmg. httt hrs solos strum-d ||r.rr
he certainly know how to sky. He also twirl-ml
well With K-tjala. who was no slouch trrnr mil
on terror, and whose flute solo on Ms M min

/

song took flight rather drcanrily.

Sing-airings don't fit trtto most peopHK r r to
(opt of a jazz concert. but sotnoln rw (‘lrn ll.
(Lott-a managed to bring off on i'Xlt'iitlt‘tl stint
and t:lap~aiong. under the guise of trying out .r
new piece. When he first suggested it. tho .ru
thence roared approval. and the grrrno no
on if you don't believe that u lot of nntstr tart-
show up at jazz concerts. here‘s jittn if tilt
and it also helps to have tr rnrrster oi (ltrtttnt lil-Lr‘
Chick Corea conducting them

he ierttlt ()rtginul Rock 'N' itoll llm
Market. Record ML’l'i. Concert. and lrlnr

Festival was held by Rockagcs. lit! at tln‘
Hotel Diilotnat and Town Hall tit New \'or

David Goldman

on March 29 and Ill). As a true rock nit
clunado l felt l had an obligation to attend. and
besides. I figured i might be able to get an All“

 

 

 

. I.”

 

(

 

 

 

'i wasn't really into his music. thinking it was all Bitr'ln-s'firutu. But he kept telling lttt‘ to go.
and that l'd like Chick personally it's Interesting how that happened track in 1072. So i

Gayle’s Force Sets Her Sails

must have nasty friends or something. Not one oi them told me anything really nice

GAl about Gayle Moran. and one even told me funny things about the time sth and

Chick Corea came into the Greenwich Village drugstore where he worked. Before the
concert Tuesday night. i had no idea what to expect of Gayle Moran. even alter two
telephone conversations and listening to a couple of her songs on one of Chick's albums.

Happily. Gayle Moran is not the musical spacccase my friends made her out to be. if
she seems a bit cosmos-minded onstage. consider her background, She spent a year and
a half touring with the road company oi Jesus Christ Superstar. and studied voice. piano
and composition in school. as well as performing with the Norman Lubofi Choir and the
Mahavishnu Orchestra. This Is hardly a common path to the world oi jazz. How did she
make the jump?

"The conductor of Superstar had a fight with the keyboard player. and kicked him off
the gig for a week. so i got to play. Alter that. i needed a change. so i headed for New
York. Something drew me — kind of a creative instinct." Gayle said. But she didn't go to
New York right away. “i was playing in a club in Cleveland and this guy kept coming in
.and listening to me play. He said I played good for a Woman. but i should really listen to
gChick Corea. He was kind of putting me down. so that didn't make me tlrltrk too much of
,Chick Corea. But I went and got the Bitcltes' Brew record (by trumpeter Miles Davis).
lwhich was ti. 5 only one the store had. because i wanted to check ottl Chick‘s playing. it
was a bit avant-garde for rne at the time because i was listening to Dave Brubeck and
Oscar Peterson."
L She turtred up in Chicago a few months later. auditioning for a gig. "i met Alrto
:(Moriera, the percussionist) on the plane. and he said that Chick was playing with Stan
Getz at the London House. and that i should go check hint otrt  She was hesitant. "i said

 

 
 

\

went. it was beautiful music —- I loved it. We talked afterwards. and exchanged addressus
and wrote every few months. When i nroved to New York. we became good friends."

When she first arrived in the Apple. she spent some time woodshedding. "i became a
member of the group Jatra. who you've probably never heard of —- we never did
anything. We had no management. no money. but we practiced and played a lot. We
had two gigs all year. and John McLaughlin canre to hear us at one of them. He liked my
voice. he liked the way i played. and he wanted to have women in his band."

After her stint with Mahavishnu. Gayle spent a year refining her skills. “Then Cltlck was
around in town. and Leprechaun (a Chick Corea album on which she performed) hap‘
pened in 1974 and it's just been like that since then."

As for her place itr "Chick Corea and Friends." Gayle doesn't really concern herself
with how she comes off. She's far more interested ltt meeting the challenge of singing with
a banrl as talented as Chick's present setup. "The lyrics. the vocal quality. femininity.
another element of sensitivity, .“is Gayle's summation oi her contribution to this hand.
Not an insignificant point. as all the power Chick's band has under the hood could go out
oi control without some kind of counterpoint. Ms. Moran doesn't look at it thai way.
though: "l've always felt that there wasa nice cortrbination oi technical expertise and nict'
quiet melodies in Chick's music. That's one thing l've always loved about it  the litilrtttt’t'
l Silt!) 0“ llillittﬁ tltﬂl an- real suited to vocals. and they also have the other kind oi turn-s
that are technical. too. I think It's a nice balance."

Wilt“;frigglalhlyn. l frrltu’ed i’ou 'I'lrrnoi Lorre You Now, gives a further hearing of (iayln's
I ” 9 “if M lilyli‘th I’ldvittst (lttChttling a ntnety~second duet with ( luck)
and her jazz compositions featured. hut tht! album includes but first string quartet "it's

more on the romantic side. she says, And regardless of what my friends say. (“ti/l"
Moran is worth a listen.

 

Best Director. . .

Robert
“carton-

 

i

  
  
   
 
    
    
       
 
 
 
  
 

 
 

Mmhlnrvlwunwn .... .. .. .. ....

April 15. 1980

m j'es Go HeadlessT

he chkles are an Ironic rock-n-roil
band. They're ironic because while lead
vocalist Leonard Graves Phillips asserts
that “we're dead serious about our music." the
band will amuse its audience with nostalgic
cartoon anthems like “Gigantor” and "The
Banana Splits Theme." They're ironic because
while four members of the Dickies haul from
LA. (the fifth member Karlos Kabailero is
from N.Y.). they're virtually unknown in the
US. Oddly. they've sold over a million singles
in the UK. and “The Banana Splits Theme"
even went top five in Britain. They're ironic
because it's hard to fathom why a band in pur-
suit of national notoriety would spew half-ass
renditions oi Black Sabbath's "Paranoid" and
The Moody Blues' “Nights in White Satin"
amidst a set of unrefined machine gun rock,

Cliff Sloan

in fact, despite the claims of Mr. Phillips. it
doesn't seem like the Dickies take anything
very seriously. Tire name "chkies" was con-
ceived when "we were just sitting around
party and Karlos thought of it. They're
those little phony turtlenecks. big in the ‘6()'s."
Chuck Wagon plays.a guitar-drowned piano
and sax. Billy Club thumps through simplistic
bass lines. and Stan Lee plays an undisciplin-
ed, sloppy six string. Karlos ltolds the backbeat
and Phillips bellows inaudible vocals. Their
performance at J.Bi. Scott's Thursday night
was a rnenage oi props. costumes, and gim—
tnicks; including an inflatable female, puppets.
and a monkey mask for “You Drive Me Ape
(You Big Gorilla)."

“Sometimes when we write a song. we'll

 

For Modern I1

cie out of it.

The Diplomat Hotel is not exactly the Plaza.
in fact it would not be inappropriate to call it
"seedy". But we overlooked this as we rrrade
our way up the stairs to one oi the 'ttrany
“dealer rooms" where various items of rock
memorabilia were for sale. Posters, buttons.
and albums galore filled hundreds of tables.
although we sometimes had to squeeze
through mobs of people in order to view the
merchandise. 1 was looking for a certain Elvis
Costello LP. but the only dealer who had a
copy wanted ten dollars for it. and l thought
this was too much. Many dealers (rtew wave
especially) charge whatever they can get away
with. knowing full well there's always some kid
who'll gladly blow twenty dollars on a single or
fifty dollars on a cardboard standvup of
Deborah l'larry. Fortunately not all the dealers
at the convention had such unreasonable
prices. and'although I didn't get the Costello
record 1 was able to find Graham Parker's
1977 Pink Parker LP (on nifty pink vinyl) for
only four dollars. when everyone else wanted
close'to ten dollars for it.

The real bargain were the buttons, usually a
dollar or two. One could find a button of vir-
tually every major rock star,‘ some of which
people had made themselves using concert
photos. (there was even one oi Pink Floyd’s
inflatable pig). Besides rock figures. there were
buttons featuring Shirley Temple. Betty Boop
and Mickey Mouse. as well as ones suggesting

   

 

 

 

Aspects on Tuesday

spend close to twelve hours thinking of a gim-
mick for it. l've done a few shows without 'em.
but I like to keep ‘em around. Sort of a security
piece you know?" it'll take a lot more than
gimmicks. however. to rescue the noisy. in-
truding sound of The Dickies. They‘re fun to
watch and fun to dance to. but they're also an
absolute drag to hear. And when a band plays
power-chord rock at volume ten. as do the
Dickles. it can be either pleasing or painful. but

'not ignored. in this case. the visual stimulation

is hardly worth the phonic assault.

“We just write about fantasies atrd things
that crack us up." Phillips said."Every0nelras a
part in it." Hence the creation oi tunes like
“Attack of the Molemen." “l‘ve Got a Splitting
Headache." and “(l'm Stuck irt Pagoda With)
Tricia Toyota." A press release front A and M
Records claimed that The Dickies began as
Jerry's Kids. a jau-bluesvrock fusion band.
When asked what happened to the jalzrblues
portion oi the reportoire. Phillips seemed
startled. "Jerry's Kids? There's no such
animal, Oh? Wait a second. i remember. This
chick frortr A and M called and asked if we'd
say a few words for a biography. We were
stoned out and made it up. How could i sum
everything up in a few sentences? Besides. ifl
say it. it's an autobiography. not a biography."
Again. it seems ironic that an "tip and com
ing" band. virtually unknown in their native
land would toy with their promotion and
publicity.

The bottom litre is that “It's our job atrd
yeah. it gets boring alter a while." Yet
somehow. sonre way. l've always considered
music to be an art. l'm not naive enough to
believe that business is secondary to the art.

that lran do various things with itself,

l was so caught up with the dealer rooms
that i didn't attend the concerts across thr-
street at Town Hall. The day before, The Stu
dent Teachers. The Know (featuring former
Blondie bassist Gary Valentine). and the MCS
had played; that day, Hardcore. Richard
Lloyd (who replaced the cancelled 'l'roggs).
and the Dead Boys performed, l was consider-
ing seeing Lloyd (of the now~dcfunct Televi-
sion). but was still obsessed with my desire to
find the Costello LP. 1 passed a tttatt shouting
“Biggest selection at the convention. you
name it. we have it. nobody has more than
us..." and other Similar claims. and my hopes
were raised.

l'Got any Elvis Costello?" i asked.

“Nope. sorry." he answered. He didn't
have any Nick Lowe either. Shades oi Monty

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 

 

Python's cheese shop.

‘———-———--——-——/Tlre film room was presently having an

“American hour". with films of TV ap~
pearances by '60's favorites The Doors. Tire
Jefferson Airplane. The Turtles. and others.
but it was somewhat crowded. instead we

 

  

Even musicians have to eat. Nevertheless. the
artist has to play a significant. if not an
ultimately determining role. The Dickies have
neither the ambition. versatility. or creativity to
be labelled as artists. They're a basement band
who for some reason have surfaced in an at-
tempt to cash in on the “punk rock" inﬂux.

 

The DIcIdea: An enterprillng basement band.

 

 

 

Page9’

They will submerge into obscurity mere quick.
ly and quietly than the “phony turtlenecks"
after which they're named.

 

“We_ don't really write with an audience in
,mind. i guess we should start doing that
more." Exactly Leonard. exactly!

 

 

usic Hangers

went in the video room for "70's hour". where
TVs arid a large screen showed videotapes of
Tom Petty, Bruce Springsteen. Blondie, ELP.
and more seventies stars. The audience scent-
ed to enjoy them. until a videotape of Queen
doing "Bohemian Rhapsody". when certain
members began hurling insults and epithets at
the screen. "This sucksli Get this off! Sex
l’istolsl!" they yelled, obviously impatient for
their band to come on. Unfortunately the next
videotape was also of Queen. and the scream-
ing became even louder until the guy runtting
the video player got the hint and put on the
Sex Pistols tape. This was followed by two
Elvis Costello tapes. and finally. a live perfor-

r/V

mance of Bruce Springsteen singing "Born to
Run". displaying all the reasons why he's such
an exciting five performer. it was all i could do
to keep my girlfriend from clawing her way to
the screen.

WPlX was supposed to broadcast at the
convention. but due to their format change (to
“superstar rock" a la WPLJ. which will pro-

bably give way to top 40 sooner or later). they
no doubt knew they'd be stoned if they show-
ed up. “FIX PIX" signs were all over the hotel,
as well as a table (staffed by a young man who
i swore was actually wearing a safety-pin in his
check). where petitions could be signed and
money contributed to get PIX to reconsider.

Q

 

and help the causegnew-wave. alternative
radio in New ork. The only other radio sta-
tton epresented was WPLJ. who had a
souvenir table with some unique posters and
buttons.

Although there was still much more we
didn't get to see. the Rockages convention
was a nice way for a rock 'n roll addict like
myself to spend an afternoon. if nothing else.
a gathering such as this proves that as long as
there are people willing to pay over-inﬂated

 

  

 

 

 

prices for a single or a poster. rock 'n roll. at
least as a business. is in no danger of dying.

t

r
r
’1.
l
l
r
i
\

41m"

  

