‘a
._ ,. arm/AN .

I~ .. c -. -a '
2 - a - —-a-.....'c_.,..,._,,..,_,

 

   

___._..._..._.

 

by'Site Gold, SA President
and Brian Levy, SA VlcePiesident

Welcome back. We hope you've settled in
and are ready to begin the upcoming
semester. We’ve been here all summer. along
with Controller lra Somach and Central
Council Chair Peter Weinstock. and have
been working on some issues and projects to
make signiﬁcant changes for students.

We'd like to involve you in some of the
major issues facing students this year. The
most imminent problem facing students is
that some faculty members are attempting to
force us off the University Senate. As you
may know, last year. alter many years of par-
ticipation. the faculty body at their annual
meeting voted to discontinue student
representation. At a special meeting held a
few days later, the same body voted to extend
our seats for a year with a faculty study
group formed to propose alternative Senate
structures and to report back at a fall faculty
meeting. This meeting is tomorrow. There
will be a resolution for the study group to
continue their work and eventually propose
one Senate structure. Some faculty feel that
students have no place on this committee.
However, it is vital that students be allowed
to participate in the process of creating a
viable university governance structure. SA
and Student Union Members have been
working relentlessly to insure student
representation. Until resolved. this issue will
be a major, if not the most important. priori-
ty this year.

SUNY Central has all but ignored student
input on major issues. This year the room
rent was increased 150 dollars (after students
had sacriﬁed living in off-campus apartments
to live in the subsidized dormitories). This
happened in closed door sessions of the
Board of Trustees.

This is not the only area where the sttideiit
voice was not heard. Student Association was
shown a copy of this year's new and extreme-
ly difficult bus routes after the decision had
been made. Surely this was decided not at the
last moment. and a decision like this. which
affects the daily routines of thousands of
students. should have been ntade with stu-
dent input from the very beginning. Aiiy
decision which affects students should have
student input —- the logic is obvious.

The problems that affect minorities are
another area of our concern. To better
understand this issue we are setting tip a
minority affairs task force. which will ex-
amine the problems of minorities on this
campus as well as how SA fits into the pic-
ture. The task force will also appoint a
minority affairs director. This year an Afﬁr-
mative Action policy will be brought to Cen-

 

O'A'l't'l

A 'Brand New SA Wi

disabled students.

A perennial concern of students is tltc stu-
dent health services. This past year the
Health Services Sub-Committee of the
University Senate began the task of identify-
ing problems within the service via a ques-
tionnaire. This year, the work must continue
with a mare intensive look at student pcrccp-
tions of the quality of health care and begin
to develop solutions to the recurring pro-
blems. . _

During the past elections a major issue was
the interaction between SA and its funded
groups. Many felt that SA had traditionally
ignored groups and their problems. The
realization that a gap exists is a big step in
solving the problem, but to follow through
needs a real determination to make the rela-
tionship work. This summer, plans were
drawn up for a programming board. A Pro-

gramming Board will allow groups to com-
niunicate'more freely with other groups and

th Some New Ideas

SA Leadership training and program
development will be one of the goals of the
board. ‘

The issue of women's safety is a major
concern of women on and off campus. Off-
campus women live in constant fear. There
have been over fifty incidents in the Pine
Hills area and the Pine Hills molester has not
been caught. Due to the problems of
women's safety downtown. there has been a
heightened awareness of women's safety on-
campus. Unfortunately, many people still
have a false sense of security. The safety of
women is threatened botli on and off cam-
pus. lt is important that the university con-
tinue to take responsibility for the safety of
all students. We would like to continue rais-
ing the issue of women's safety — in con-
junction with the Prcsident's Task Force on
Women's Safety.

Safety is not the only issue of which
students should be wary. Recently many

 
 
   

 

    
 

questions have been raised about the con
sistency and fairness of the judicial process
on this campus. Although judicial and ad-
ministrative decisions concerning student
conduct are not easy decisiOns. it is iiiipm.
tant that our judicial system is found to be
fair rather than arbitrary. SA will continue in
be working to end CIA-like tendencies con-
cerning the incidence report form (K‘l‘).
Every time an alleged problem occurs on
campus, an incident report is ﬁled with the
student names on it. These report forms were
originally intenued to simply pl’t)\ltit‘
statistics on incidents on quads. Uiit’or-
tunately. they have taken on new meaning
and are used improperly and often abused.

The year is just beginning and we IIL'L‘ti
your help. There are problems with this cinn-
ptts and there are very serious issues which
concern students. Student activism. liowt-ii-i.
is not dead.

. . . And Council Expands Committees

by Peter Weinsloclt, c.c. Chair
and Artie Banlts, C.C. Vice-Chair

For those who don’t know Central Coun-
cil. it is the legislative branch of the student
government. in the past. Central Council has
been maligned as a group of pre-law students
whose only consideration has been to further
their own interests vis a vis their resume. This
has caused Council to become engaged in
long—winded debate that sometimes over-
shadowed the tnticli larger conccrii of the stu-
dent's interests.

This year's legislative body. although shar-
ing the name of Central Council. is very dif-
ferent from its predecessors. Not only is this
Council proactive. taking the lead on many
issues, it is also ebullient"reaching otit to all
its constituents. Central Council is comprised
of committees that initiate action as well as
answer to the voice of the students.

..,..,..,..-

The Academics Committee makes changes
in acadctnic policy--iiiiproving advisement.
creating an accounting section just for tion-
majors. the ACT. etc. Currently. steps are
being taken to make this November‘s pre-
registratioii the first one where pccr advisors
are present. Also. this cotiiniittec is working
on a proposal fora pilot program of peer ad-
visors living on the quads.

The Student Services Comtnittec Works on
projects like Cable TV. itnproving Health
Services. working to get an ice-skating rink.

fell into the Service Committee‘s realm was
the First Annual Frosh Picnic. which we
hope gave the freshman a warm welcome to
SUNYA.

The Student Action Committee educates
students on issues and events outside of the
Uiiiversity that affect them. The committee
was fornietl this year to give SA needed
organization in the sphere of issues that in-
clude: safer conditions for off-campus
students. registering students to vote.
teaching students how to lobby and fight
against budget cuts anti tuition increases.

The committee that evaluates and makes
rulings on SA policies is internal Affairs.
This year. however. the internal Affairs
Committee will go even further. The commit—
tce will be responsible for setting tip referen-
dums to guage student opinion on if and ltow
SA should act on controversial issues. i.c. the
draft. internal Affairs also works on election
finance policy so that student elections (in
not become thousand dollar boiitinzas.

Albany N.(‘.A.A. sports programs are
overseen by the Athletic Finance Committee.
in addition. the committee for the first time
has created a sub-committee to encourage
“spirit and excitement" for the homecoming
and entire sports program.

Lastly. Finance Committee can. at their

additional appropriation to one of the ciylity
funded student groups or the financing lli it
new group or event. This year‘s ctllittiiillcc
will reach out to help groups so tlitit they roll
be able to function more effectively and cili-
cicntly.

v-u’twu’a.

This year's Central Cotiiicil will be :i liiiilili
visible body on campus. for not only lllt' \tt‘
making pro-active changes. We :iic :ilw .i
vehicle for students to get involved in Student
Association and its funded group-t. \ltun
outreach programs are and will lie in pimvic».
throughout the year. Some of lllL'sc mil ml:
place on the quads. where we ill"? lili.|lt'.' imi'
in a massive voter registration (it'l\t' lil.tl xiii!
contintic into the fall. We will also ilt' \‘xilllii‘
Quad Board meetings and ctiiiii, on Na.
quads. Council representatives will l i.il lll‘.‘
opinion polls on the Quads in tirtlci to II) in:
better representation. This will also lisiii
serve the dual ptirposc of educating \llttit'lll-
on SA activities. We hope. however. lil.tl 
don’t have to “come to you". but rillilt‘l liiltl
many of you will step into the office and W
involved. -

There are many areas and coiiiiiiitiei-~. tin
you to become part of. Run for Cit‘c‘liiill Hi
just join the grottp of your choice. liitliei n .i\
the impetus is on you. Central Council i- mm
more open and productive. but once again in-
need your feedback to keep us that way, (ill
lNVOLVED...You are not an liiiimcnl

 

 

 

im] Council _ minorities, women and bicycle rental service, etc. Another event that discretion, recommend to Central Council an Bystander
V00 (dish lAéE A VIOLATION '
MW on? 5 w, E tweet/tee is A VtOLAllOM
9P Aﬁf‘s W m 0” 550C

      
      
  

  
 

 

  

 

HARE/tot? l5 {WAGON OF

PRIVAC . MARRle is
if). MAEqu is
2‘

AFTGB WAGE. rm
\ '\

,1"?
iiiH

a: FR€ECOH Oth
‘ — TIO .IAH
REE

   
  

THE
0th

 
 
 
     

 
 
  
  

MARRIAEE (S A ViOLATlOlU OF THE
QEOF 65AM

lg MOTHMS I do CALL W
'0 our IM \ —
_. MAPRIEB ‘

   
 
 
  

ADD SEIZURE

  
   

 
      
 

95H “to man: Mr:

 

 

 

   

 

       
 
 

      
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
  
     
 
 
 
    
    
 
  
    
    
  
   
   
   
   
  
    
    
   
      
       
  
   
 
  

 

oes TUST-A'SONG + C35
05% red §+TAPESON,5M.E?
Ausv'iaitz’ro‘siivr You mover!

CHARLIE

P
‘

 
     
      

SAN TANA

MOLLY HATCH ET

  

r—__._ 35:"; M BEATINI THE ODDS
59mm r-uua .1 lillttllll‘ill u an" Mama "9: ‘
DEliADlP CARLOS SANTANA including; w I" Swamp :xg‘vénggrbletimmlindwpo b
V ‘ L‘ .' 00
THE  DELIGM I" Angiiiiiitixgti. ilfiti‘PaiiiIEtTotti'adur 2 t5 "' l

   

. Emmott hm i-iiuim Mutuii
| oniqiniium. lmnlttlmio’ttitii summit
5niti|ltitle|tnlnot

 

,1 . ‘-...;

-_. ‘34.; -.__’ £4‘_.-.JL.A. 1'.

’53?

THE TEDDY _
O’crnrs MQlﬁﬁy” PE‘NDERGRRSS
_  Wilma/twang --   

     
 

Birtlittny Boy/Overnight ChlelSong For Visit
The American DtuainlWhato Did The LovinfGo

   

BR RRY
GOUPBEAU :
HAHHVH [illnliﬂiiiiiil

   

THE O’IAYS
      DrnanlbiNDlhin To Lose
   lhiiuiuiri llﬂcktlttlll'l‘lT-lfl‘llizxi s Ht! Ltwulh Again M03" w°_'"a"LB'u°;‘i,¥h3‘-:r Fun“ In 007
including Satin AnqtiIiG-ii A MKWL' 0n ‘ m" '1“?

We‘re, All In This Thing Toqothei
So Glnd I Gnl You Girl/Stand Un
Ylioiin LIUE-(Dtmu Caught Up Willi You lliinTiiiu-i
Work On Mu

 

 

 

 

  

 

*SHLE ENDS SUNDHY,SEPTE/VIBER I41“

' use
534- 888‘!
334 GLEN STREET

<Sill CENTRAL HVE' STORE HOURS LENS FALLS,N.Y.
—Fmotw Io-‘l  quqoossi

ALBANY] N‘Y' “£395an io—o
431-] ~ 0085 suwoiw rev 5

1/46 BROADWAY

'3 CONVW'ENT snknroen SPRINGS, NM

LOCRTlONS“

     
 
   
      

silt. L'ﬁi-AVEFK-if.‘é‘é‘i‘i‘?¥:~ . .. . v. .. . .

   

    

'Eb‘i‘rWK‘ini‘ini-‘i‘FLREE+PJFS5¥NFI 'uch‘ﬂmi . 4- '

