e Educators

by in Somaeh

Somewhere iii the doctrines and postulates
of education it is written tItat students will
receive grades. Justiﬁcation is given that the
grade is an evaluation of a student’s perfor-
mance. The grade‘ is a measure of your ap-

titude using a standardized measure arid per:

formance scale. A grade to many is supposed
to also indicate your weaknesses and en-
courage you to improve those imperfections
which are way below par. Why do we not
grade teachers?

Students Iiave increasingly played a smaller
part in their cdtrcation. Today the dissemena-
tion of infortitation is primarily tltrougli a
lecture format with a primary instructor and
listeners in a passive role. With suelt an em-
phasis being placed on the presentation of the
lecturer. should it not be just that he too be
graded?

Evaluations have come to be thought ofas
the horrors of an educational system. Yet tlte
evaluation itself is merely a reflection of the
system from which it is monitoring. An
evaittation. if properly dorte, cart provide for
both instructor and student a careful measure
of the effectiveness of material presented.
The archaic itotiori that evaluations are used
to get revenge oti teachers. both ethically and
statistically unsubstantiated. The implemen-
tation of a university wide evaluation
mechanism on this campus. would go very
far in enhancing the quality of instruction at
SUNY at Albany.

In order for art evaluation to be accurate, it
need have only several basic features. The
questionnaire mttst be 'asin read, unbiased
questions. which cart be applied to the entire
population being polled. The universality of
a Questionnaire provides for the stitridardiIa--

tion of thought and impression regardittg
each question. Biases, which often occur in
many departmental. school or college ques-
tionnaires are removed by having a question
which is used to evaluate all who participate.
The second need is that the evaluation be
published. There is an alienation between
solicitor, solicitec attd evalttatec iii the mean-
ing of their evaluations. if it is hidden behind
closed doors. Students as well as faculty
should doubt the accuracy and validity of
any evaluation which does not make its
results public. The importance in construe.
tive criticism is that it be aired and then
monitored. The evaluations which are closed
to the public can be manipulated arid inter-
preted by private individuals in private ways.
Only through publication can you accurately

inform and institute the beneficial results ofa
monitoring system. The final need iii an ac-
curate evaluation mechanism is the careful
and organized distribution and collectiott. A
survey will be meaningless if it lies on the bot-
tom of a seldom used waste paper basket
because of improper organization. The
orgartimttion of a university survey requires
the fttll time attention of those whom are
respected arid powerful citottgli to insure the
proper unbiased distribution.

Monday. January 2] at 3:30 p.ru.. a
resolution is before our University Senate.
encouraging the university to adopt it staii~
dardizcti. unbiased. university wide evalua-
tioit mechanism. For years this campus has
allowed the evaluation process of built
teachers and courses to be based upon crtrde
evaluating mechanisms or rumors. It is tintc

or»:

',,’/,':,',,','.'l'- I'.'."
{bay/gm {aid/11mm

that we as a mature institution of higher lear-
ning recognized the intportartcc and
relevance of a ttniversity wide cvalttatirig
mecltauism. it is time that we allowed sitrdcrit
feedback on the effectiveness of differcttt
teacititig styles iittd methods. it is little that
we advanced past the archaic notions of the
sanctity of a teacher‘s domain arid concen-
trated on his or her importance iii pursuing
an accelerated edtrcational experience.

Monday may very well he the ttiost impor-
tant day on this campus because the issue
dealt with in this resolution is the reason why
this University was created. The pursuit of
education is not riterely the outflowittg of
educational material. it is the constant
cvaluatiort of that material and its im-
provements.

“inherit Wastes"? é’F

 

 

A Plea for Humanity

1 o the Editor:

“. . . No man is art island. entire of itself;
every man is a piece of the continent, a par
of the main. if a clod be washed away by the
sea. Europe is the less' as well as ifa promon-
torie were. as well as ii'a house oftlty friends,
or' thittc own were; Any man‘s death
diminishes me. because 1 ant involved iii
mankind; and therefore rtevcr send to know
for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee."

— John Donne. I624

Some would do well to Itecd the advice of
John Donne. specifically those who shout
"nuke lran". or those who would oppose
Human Rights or (my segment of the
populous.

Many people may not have realich this
yet. bit! since many countries now have the
ability to destroy the world many titties over,
the only way the Iiurnait Race will survive is
if \v' all work together for Love. Trust. and
Understanding in each and every issue we
face.

In love for the liirnrari Race,
Mitch Danton

American Meddling

To the Editor:

In I964, after the North Vietnamese
allegedly attacked a U.S. gurrboat off the
Gulf of Tonkin in Vietnam. the American
government stirred up a frantic war hysteria.
This enabled the US. to send 500.000 troops
into Southeast Asia and involve us in a war
which cost its 60,000 American and hundreds
of thousands of Victrtarttcsc lives. The Pett-
tagon Papers later revealed that the “Gulf of
Tottkiri incidcll'i" was set up by the American
government.

Once again the U.S. gmt‘t'ttliicttl is attemp-
ting to generate war hysteria. tltc satire
hysteria needed to reinstate the draft aitd
send troops into Iran. In the furor over the
seizure of Arucricatt hostages by iraniari
students. ’sontc facts lta been ignored.
Those who wish to go to' .u and who are ad-
vocating that we "nuke trrtrt" should reflect
on a few things that Walter Cronkite has left
out of his news sis.

I953. fearful that Iran would na-
tionalize its oil ittdtrstry. the United States
(through the CIA) overthrew irati's
democratically elected goverrtritcnt arid itt-
stalled the Shah. The Shah. traitied at
American universities. then sought the
assistance of the U. in forming and training
SAVAK. the Shah‘s secret police. Modeled
after Nazi Germany‘s Gestapo. SAVAK was
set tip to rid the natiott ot' dissidents. polrt‘ I
opponents, and reformers through tltc use of
terror. murder. arid torture With tlt - aid of

.{a

‘

SAVAK.‘ the Shah headed otrc oi the IIltht
brutally repressive regimes Ill liltltit'm
history.

For twenty-five years the Shah u.
proprinted ntucli ol' the nation's \\t‘ttith and
built a small clitc core to run the curtain. Iii.
estimated by Amnesty international that titti-
ing his rule the Shah \\'tts responsible tin ,1.
many as l00.000 political rtnrrtlcts and tile
torturing and irnprisornncrit oi L'tiltlitlett
other dissidents. The U.S. gowntrtrurrr.
meanwhile. potrrcd billions ot dollrm in
military and economic aid rrito tlic Sim],-s
regime. most of which ended up in the mint
treasury.

When the Shah was ousted he lied thr-
country with much of lratt'\ ucrrtth. littnkm
estimate tltis to be ittiyultetc ilL‘l\\t'L‘ll 10mm
50 billion dollars. The Shah it‘ll hL-tljmt him“
legacy of brutal repression and rnrllioru in
poverty stricken people.

After installing the Shah and trr.tirrtrtirririg
his repressive regime. the its. tttitt‘itlitlt‘nl
has now temporarin _L’.Iillt|t,‘ti hiru political
asylum. It is Itard to bcticu- that tile limit-rt
States is the only itatiori in the world tlrrttorrt
provide medical lI'CillIlICtlis t‘or urtilrtorrcsrtrrd
caiicer. so “asylum” seems to lie the rtrottac-
curate description.

We should never have iliitmt'ti the Shah irr-
to tire U.S. in the first place. tit :irltlirigthrt
final blow, the American yrnctrrrrtcut pro
voketi the Embassy scirur'c. lt'dtiltllt anger at
tltc U.S. government has been Inciting for
twenty-five years.

Obviously Khomeini is a tciigitrtts trutrttit
and a reactionary rtiler. i’ollourtut his rircto
power he faced stiff opposition horn ctillltt‘
Jurds, Leftists. women‘s tights :rtrrrists,rrriti
anti-Moslem forces. When the r\tllctit‘ttll
government gave the Shah polttrcrtl rtwlrrrtr.
however. the lranian people trrritcd \\iiil Ktio
nteini, as they did when tltcy mcttlitt‘u the
Shall iit I978. The lranians now sce‘ rt cont
rnoit enemy. the Strait and the Arirt-ricrrrr
government which aided him every step of
the way. We itave in fact strengthened Kim~
meini's support iii Iran.

The major priority should be to ensure the
release of the hostages. This cannot ilt' done
by continuing to give protection to the Strait
and insist that he did no wrong.

The Shah is a criminal. He plundered the
nation's wealth and installed it bitrtrri tlic»
tatorship. murdering tens (possibly turns
dreds) of thousands of people. and \toiC
billions of dollars when ltc i'lcd. lie is no lco
a criminal than Adolf Eichnrarin. the Nrui
murderer whom the Israeli tttwcrtllm‘l“
lurttted down. kidnapped from Argclliillﬂ.
and brought back for trial. If returned in
lratt. the Shah will be givcrt a trial illld
sentence as fair as the Nazi war crilllillili‘
were given at Nuremberg.

To those who say the U.S. should not sitti-
riiit to blackmail. let tltcrtr reflect on the fact
that the American govet'titiicnt has
blackmailed the nations of the world for Illt‘
past twenty-five years. Those 'tl\ctttlllt‘tll5

rm SﬁUV not too grit/or?
rrt FM? AW crowns AW
Marat/5!

/

 

 

 

