 

 

 

515?

 
  

:by Paul Schwartz
BINGHAMTON —— Part one: All is"
. as i! should be. The Danes come out
strong Saturday night, easily‘
building up a lead on the 3—H
Binghamton Colonials. Albany’s
‘guards. Rob Clune and Winston
Royal. run circles around their'
Binghamton counterparts. scoring
12 of the Danes. first 15 points.
Reserve forward Steve Low steps
onto the court and quickly flips in
seven points, and Bob Collier
checks in by connecting oti two
jumpers, the latter giving the Danes
a 32—12 advantage. The Colonials

   
 

Albany guard Winston Royal (l3) looks to shoot over Ilill l’etertiiitir in the

  

make a meager run. buy at the half.
Albany holds a solid 36—22 lead.
Part two: And then there was a
camcbackﬂ Trailing 47—731,
Binghamton slowly creeps back into
the game. A drive by Bernard Zim-
nier and two baskets by Mark
Abruscatb bring I the Colonials
within ten. 47—37. with 12:01 re-
maining. At 5:35 oftlie second hal“.
Zimmer’s free throw cuts Albany's
lead to 52—5]. The Danes are miss-
itig foul shots. being out-rebound-
ed 26—9 iii the second half, and
giving the surprised Colonial fans
ample reason to cheer.

   
   

Danes victory over Itlnghamton on Saturday. (l'lioto: Mike Farrell)

Spikers Surprise

by Larry Kalin

The Albany State men‘s
volleyball team whipped a surprised
Cortland team oti Cortlatid’s home
court on Saturday. 15-9, 15-7, 15-9.
“This was a good wirifor us." saitl
Albany volleyball coach Ted liarl.
“Cortland had anticipated that they
would blow us out —— we ended tip
turtiing it around and doing it to
them."

The Albany team surprised
everybody with their play — iii-
cludiiig themselves. “We hadn't
scrininiaged yet and we only had
two weeks of practice. We were
concerned.” admitted Earl. He
quickly added that “Cortland is a
better volleyball team than they
showed. They had a few had breaks
and their confidence evaporated.
They were serving tough but they
never got their offense on the right
track.”

in the first game. Albany got
themselves on the right track from
the very beginning. On the first play
they lost serve. but then'thcy got a
Perl“! W159. a perfect set, and the

ball was on the floor before the
Cortland defender knew what hap—
peticd. When the initial shock wore
off. Cortland was already on the
short side of a (1—0 score. The dazed
Cortland squad didn't lead once titr-
til tlic third game — and then it was
only by two points, at 6-4, and far
too ltttc to make tiny difference in
the otitconic of tire niritch. Albany

'itist totally dominated all after-

noon.
"We had good play out of
everyone.'.‘ said liarl. “Howie

Nusinov and Fred Askhani were
particularly devastating out of the
middle and credit has to go to Gary
Becker —- they didn’t block him all
day. Devon Lockley also played
well, and Gene Sosiak did a tremen-
dous job passing. We were able to
get solid offense all day in the form
of Tom Lealiy, Steve Beck and‘Bob
Allers."

This season, Albany will be using
a new offense. “in the past we have
been only using a 4-2 offense. Now
we're switching to a 5-1," Earl ex-

l’art three: The conclusion.
Err-Colonial Pete Stanish hits four
straight free throws, putting Albany
in front 56-:51. but Bingltatnton‘s
Rich Wutider also converts from
the line, and the Dane tch is
56—53. As’ the free throw parade
continues. forward Ray Cesare and
Clttrte combine for four points. and
Cesare‘s mid—court steal and Iayun
with 58 seconds remaining give

Albany a nine point bulge.
Moments later. the Danes win.
67—60.

“I‘d say we were inconsistent."
said Albttiiyvcoach Dick Sauers. “iii
the first half we wcchoosc—l think
the guys felt 'rcltrxcd after getting
the 400 wins. They were doing the
things they wanted to do on of-
fense. and it was a nice thing to see.
llitt the big lead was somewhat irr-
tificial, because (Charles) llcins
missed titr some easy shots that
would have made the score si.\ or
eight points closer."

The two halves of basketball were
strangely dissitiiilnr from each
other. With the Dane running game
in high gear from the stttrt. Albany
coriipletely dictatc'd the game’s leni-
pri. Not wanting to get into a
shoot-out with Albany, Colonial
coach John Al’t'lcck instructed his
squad to stay in a four—corners of-
fensive setup in an attempt to force
a slow. deliberate pace. “That’s
what they did last year too." said

Sauers. "l‘lc (Afflcck) feels he has ‘

an advantage when he tries to have
his inside men go t)ltc——tltl—()ttc
with my big guys." lint the move

' did not yield the desired results f_or

liinglianiton. its Albany owned a
le-9 rebounding edge in the first
half. and consistently started the
fast break.

Satrers attributed some of the sc-
corid half Colonial cotiicbttck to
“confusion” on defense. "1 put iii
thrcc substitutes at once." explain-
ed Sauers, “and there was confu-
.sion over who they were supposed
to guard. They got three cheap
troops by the time we straightened it
oiil. but liiughanitott became
psyched. and so did the crowd.
They got the momcntum. arid it was
hard to stop. I called it cotrple of

    

The men's volleyball team seen Iil
an earlier match. (Photo: Bob
Leonard)

Labour's-min n—

 

., .d - .--............_v.r

 

z»

Grapplers Win Three

' Page 15

 

February 5, 1900

time ours. but they didn‘t‘seem to
help." I

“1 don't know how we lost the
big lead.“ said Collier. "l was sur-
prised, that coming off the bus trip
we still came out-pretty hot. But we
slowed down "in the ‘second half,
arid we stopped going to the
boards."

“We started off real well. but iii
the second half we lost all our inten-
sity." added Cesare"L‘Binghamton
had a lot todo with it. They were 14
points down. btit they came out like
they wanted to play. and we didn't.
But at the end, we did “That we had

. m‘mwsummﬂmw

 

2'DanesSurvive 'Biri‘ghomlo‘n Seare,“67V-6O.l

to." ' '—

Wlieii Statiisli. who was playing
against his teammates of two years
ago. faked ti drive. but instead pass-
ed to Low inside for a basket.
Albany led 51—39 with 10:39
remaining. Thar was the last Dane

field goal until Cesare‘s steal with

58 seconds left. in nine minutes, 37

seconds. Albany could manage just

nine points — all from the free
throw litre. But outside of Heiiis, a
burly 6—4 forward who totaled 20
points. the Colonials did not have
the firepower to take full advantage

(‘()Il/illllt’(/ on page twelve

      
   

 

 

 

I’ete Stanisli. a fortirer llingltamton Colonial. battles against his former
teammates during Albany's 67-60 win. (Photo: Mike Farrell)

plaincd. “Robby Harrington is our

5-] seller — ltc kept pirltiiig the ball

where it was ‘supposed to be all
day."

Although impressed with, the
team's pcrfortiiance in their first
game, Earl was cautious in predic»
ting success for his young l’ltttt.
“Cortland never really got
themselves untrackcd. We weren't
really pressed yet. 1 don't know
what will happen until the team
responds to pressure. We have to
start working on some weaknesses
wc fouiid today — a better team
corrld take advantage of them. We
didn't play good back row defense
and we didn't serve particularly
well. There Were also spots where
we didn’t maintain our consistency
~— consistency generally will come
with more playing time. Overall,
we're more optimistic now than we
were two or three days ago, We
gave a fairly credible perfor-
malice."

This was a very important match
for Albany within their division —

I very tough div

Themselves And Cortland

which consists of Cortland.
Rochester. Cornell and Yale. “it’s
riicc to win the first one." said Earl.
“We’re one game tip turd they’re all
one down. It makes it easier for us
and puts sortie pressure on them."

Even with the early edge, Albany
has a tough. uphill fight alreadof
them. They lost four key players to
graduation last year and are work-
ing' with air inexperienced crew ln‘a
rsion. Earl has term—
ed this s‘ason a “rebuilding y‘ar”,
btit is quick to ptiiiit out tlial
“sometimes in a rebuilding year
you get some surprises. Cornell will
he very tough. so will Rochester."
he admitted. “but we don‘t play
either of them tintil the middle of
March. That should be good for its.
We'll gel at chance to play some
tougher teams and improve before
we play in our own division again.

“Most things considered.” he
concluded. “this was a very positive
garlic for us.‘ We found some
weaknesses in our game -— now we
have to go back arid practice arid
improve."

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

*9.

     

UL All

 

   
 

\ ' ‘ 
-y’\ .l
-mtl *

 

 

'1‘

  

  
    

‘WL. ‘
ALBAEINYT

STUD
PRESS

 

 

Vol. LXVll No. 7

February 8. 1980'

 

 

 

Carey Asks Grads for Cash

by Patricia Iiratiley
and Sylvia Saunders

(iovcriior l-lrrgh L. Carey propos-
ctl tr plan calling for SUNY students
to pay an additional $1.000 tuition
I’c- after graduation at it press cott<
fcicncc Wednesday.

Carey said the fee will cr'atc an
“endowment fund” to finance the
SUNY system, whose budget for
220.000 full-time students has been
severely ctrt.

“I will ask (students) if two or
three years otit of college you
wouldn’t be willing to pay $250 ti
year for four years as a matter of
gratitude and estimate of worth of
the value of the education for which
you paid $700 a year." Carey said.

He said such a post-graduate tiri-
lion system corrld generate
“hundreds of millions of dollars in-
come."

“The proposal is similar to
privritc college endowment fluids."
explained Carey's Deputy Press
Secretary Patrick Muldowncy. “ll

 

 

(inu-rnor lltrglr ('trrt-r is calling for it Sl‘NY “ciidowtiivnt t‘irittl."

  

works in private schools and should
work here."
Muldowncy said the proposal can

only go through witli the consent of

the SUNY lioat‘d of 'l‘rustccs. "This
is only one of the suggestions Carey
plans to present to the board when
they meet." he said.

A spokesman for SUNY
Chancellor ('lil'toti Wharton srrid
they have not received a formal pro-
posril front Carey and “couldn‘t

comment on something tltcy
haven‘t sccu.“
“We can't accept the Titties-

Union as gospel," he said. “and
can't tirnkc any final decisions."

Vice Chancellor of Finance and
Business Harry K. Spiritllcr said he
“did not know anything about tltc
Governor‘s proposal until (he) read
it in tlic 'l'iIncs-Utrion this morn-
ing."

l-lc stiid he didn‘t fully unders-
tand the proposal and couldn't
comment until he was sure of all the
details.

’9.

(irm/tm/i/Ir' \lIl(/t'lil.\ u'on/rl /ltll‘t‘ It) [air ,\'I()()() In It'lll‘t‘.

I‘lmln; l tlllt'tl l'm't/w

SA President listr Nk‘wlll‘tll'k
said the proposal was “a perfect cs-
niiiplc of how Carey is giving tip on
public education . . . it \llow's lrow
leadership is not helping in a time of
crisis btrt inst 'ad is cr wing it worse
situation.“

“I'm shocked and don't know
how he is going to collect." she
said. “I hope he is not serious."

Mirltlowiicy said "the gmcrnoi'
would not have made the proposal
if he were not serious about it.“

SASU ()rgtiiii/ing Director llrucc
Cronin culled Carey‘s propoqu
“totally ridiculous. You don't pay
for it product after you‘re through
with it," he said.

“Besides.” he added.
students linvc loans to pity ot'f.r\\’e
don't watit to lutvc to pay the state.
too."

Cronin sttltl lic secs the |1ttiptrsttl
as u "diversionary tactic."

“l lc‘s trying to trike the focus off
the recent budch cuts and get our
minds off ttritioti hikes. Meanwhile,
he's setting the sl' H for a more
realistic irritiori inci t sc," he said.

('ronitt feels this is it further at~
tcttipt by (‘ttrcy to “plutsc out
SUNY and public education by
withdrawing lllUtL‘ and time sittlc
arid."

H * added. “SUNY‘s budget has
recently been ctit so badly that it‘s
on its way to falling apart. Now the
students will be forch to carry the
burden themselves,"

The governor doesn‘t frilly
understand the situation, according
to Cronin. “He‘s so out of touch

"most

 
 

twin/mm] on [intern/7W

 

 

    

Downtown crowd awaits first Albany appearance of Olympic Torch
Gl't‘l'l't' In Lake Placid l'lll Iz'lll/Iil‘t' Stole I’luzrr ‘
l'lm/ri; (' Stwt‘u'n‘k

Bound F orLake Placid:
013’ mpic Torch Passes By-

l')‘ SHINlt Ht‘llilikMVill The torch wits ignited Inst week at
. “it not orin stands for a pure tltc TL‘lllDlC of Item in Olympia.
ideal. but it also signifies man‘s (in-cue, It was their flohtt to
sllpl‘UIllL‘ :rccotiiplishtiicuts. Matt is Langley Ah- tim-cc lingo in
the only animal on earth who has Yorktown, Vn. to lls testing l‘luL‘L‘.
lItItItL‘\\L‘tl fire. The Olympic spirit or honor in |_; kc t’hrcid,
ol brollictltootl. pursuit of L‘X- 'l‘lrc iotrtncv takes pltrcc ill the
ccllcticc illltl understanding is eiii- form of :r relay rncc witlr 52 run.
lmdicd in the flame. it burns for rrcrs. In of them being women.
ltopc ttlttl is it tt‘lllilltlt‘l‘ to Curl] tltltl “urging l‘r'ritn :rgcs I5 it; 57. [hey
t-‘\L‘|.\‘ Ullt‘ “f l|~. t'f “10 Wltllllult rcprcscnt c\cry \lttlL‘ of the Union.
frank "I the within err-Ir human he» lllL' District or (itrltttiiliitl. tttltl Lake
ing." l’lttcid \"illncc. This is the first time
This is how Ralph ltrrtotti. of thc torch has been carried through
Channel I} tic\\s. described tlic tlic llnitctlStttlt‘s. A
()lytripic loicli \\"cdttcstltt_v. its it ,\r I" [I‘L- Mohorrnscn High
“1” I‘l't‘mlli' \‘éll'ilt‘tl thl‘nncbl “‘0 School 'Iiltl of Schenectady Conn»
_(‘i|t“"‘l 1‘90"“ W“ '3‘" IV." “f i" ty performed the National Anthem
roirrucy to the Winter ()lyiuplL“ its the crowds' eyes lookcd upward
(initics iii 1 :tkc Placid. NY.

 

 
 

I toward two flngpiilcs. one with the
lnrrottr. rrctttitI its Mastcr ol Atircticttu flit}: and one with llll'

(»k‘l’t‘lllttlllL'\ , til lt.'\ll\ll1L‘\ “llit‘ll Sttitc turd ()l\tiipic flares.

bc iii at 111-15 :r.rri. itt tlrc l‘tllpll'k‘ The Olympic Torch wnx carried

 

 

Stttlc Phi/it's ('orncntiori (‘cIItt‘t. through the south end of thc l’lzi/ri
1 mail hryli school lHlIIdN. at 1:10 p.111. ('niricr Susan licrs.
dignitaries. and the runners who icccirctl the torch litrltwni

 
 
  

lllc‘ttrst‘ln‘w wcrc thc t'L'ttlL‘l til IlIL‘ :tr‘ttiss tlic Utltlll Mctnrn'itil Ulltll'L‘
El‘t‘lltnltlcw.

 

 

t‘ltl/llllllt'l/ on [it/ut' l/i‘t'

 

.Kahane Calls For Jewish Unity

h) l-ltlruuntl .l. (itltltllllllll

"(to lioriic. go home now. tlic
black night is coining." wrrrncd
Rabbi .'\lcii Ktrlirrnc. founder ot the
lcwrslr Deterisc l ctri'uc t.|l)| ). 11\ he
iltltllc‘st‘Ll n ch‘tlttllllltilllll) .lt.‘\\t\lt
arudicttcc iii the HttN\"\ ('nnrpus
('cntct lltlllttltlttt Inst night. “I \Hlltl

you to know," lrc :rtltlcd. “llit

Controller Freezes SA' Stipends

‘by Whitney (iotild

Due to corriplztinls thrit SA of»
ficcrs are not putting in required
time. SA ('ontrollcr Craig
Wcinstock has placed a free/c on
SA tiflicct' \lipk‘tttls effective
l“t.‘lllllilf)’ 5.

Under this action. four currently
elected officers will not receive any
further riionctary compensation un—
til tlic‘ SA corirtiiittcc on Internal
Affairs has reviewed the situation,
according to \Vcinstock.

Stipend policy dictates that the
top ranking SA offices of Presi-
dent. Vice President. (,‘ontrollcr
and Central Council Chairperson
rcceirc $522.50 for the school year
and $1041 over the summer. The
stipends are paid ottt lll installments
as requested by each officer and
must be proportionate to tllc‘
amount of time that has passed. Ac—
cording to the policy. ltl order to
receive the stipend for both the
summer and school year. SA of- _

r «um w”

ficci‘s must incrtrgc 30 hours it \vcck
working on SA related business tlllLl
may not lltl\ c a part time job which
rcquit‘cs more than 12 hours wcck-

1). 
According to \y'cinstock, tltc

free/c was enacted liccaitsc lic

received several inquiries its to

whether those holding stilttricd posi-
[ions were putting in the necessary
time. Wciustock explained that for
any SA member to receive his or her
stipL‘tttl. two signatures of other SA
officers are necessary for approval
of their request. \Vcirislock's
refusal to sign requests will be the
enactment of the free/c. The
suspension of the stipends is now
subject to review by Internal Af-
airs.

SA internal Affair .inittcc
Chair .lim Mitchell spur lrc tll'_L'L‘tl
the investigation because he
suspects certain SA officers may
not be fulfilling their time rc-
quiremeiirsxl'le also strtcd the

LllsL‘t'c‘PtltlL‘)‘ of paying “someone a
stipend in it high office and not
how tltcrii around to pcrforirt their
job.“

Mitclicll said the investigation
would meet in a private session so
that personal feelings would not get
in the way. He added than the pro-
cess might b - a lengthy one.

The inquiry could have such ini-
plicuiions as the institution of a
system to check the hours worked
or a policy to establiin fixed hours,
according to Wciiistock. He said it
could also lead to action against an
individual found not fulfilling the
minimum time requirement.

in regard to the free/e. SA Presi-
dent listi Newniark said. “He‘s
right as for its l'm concerned." and
expressed no worry over the iii-
.r.-sugation. Vice President 'l'ito
Martinez. stated “the hours are be-
'iug met. i feel we‘re prittiiig in 60
hours."

 

'--.,rr;~ -   ,

 

home of the \tllL‘ilt'ilIl .it.‘\\1\ll
lxiur'l.”

lit in» \IH'L'Cll. cosponsored ll)
.l\('-lli|h-|. Speakers ltlllllll, lttltl
\\trr|tl IL'\\|\, Krtlirrtrc toltl tt t'iimtl
til illitlli‘ .llltl “t‘rii not licic to make

you li;rpp\. l'iir here to make you

lL'\\|\l| people in ii .ipzrtlir. "llrt-

lcwiuli oiiirrni/ntron Ilt lllt'

ltlti'c‘st
world is lC\\\l1ll Notlutty. ' llt"r.11tl
and outliucd thc ttpiitln ot the
Aruciicoti .Icw ltotti \\'otld \\.ri 11
through the pt‘c‘scttt.

r-uritnntctl on lttlttr'ﬂi '

   
   

\lllilil.“

He warned the crowd that they
would ncvcr be side front ti rcpctrt
ol the Nit/l holocaust. men iii the
US. "llrcic is always airti-
Scurittsui," he said. “When titncs
ttic good. it's quiet. litrt when times
are bird. tltcri it will conic ottt and
show its ugly head." Kttlrtuic ridd-
ctl. “ I here has never been a pcrnitt-
icrit .lcwish haven for people."

Kalitriic warned the audience
from the start, “Many of the things
I say will not be pleasant. lint 1 im-
trginc tlitit. i hope that. we have
reached that point in Jewish life _
where we are willing to listen to ' ' 'i
things that are unpleasant." 

’l’lrrongliout his speech, he "Cellini: urrt‘slt'rl is no sweat. "
pointed an accusing finger at Photo: Sleiitkmrtp

«he ,1

     
   

     

 

Shh Urdmntty 01 New York ﬂ Albany

\0 b“

 

 

 

r-nu by AIM Stud-OI Pru- Corporation

 

 

 

