j...» .. _ .

  

Page Four;

continued from front page
wouldn’t make a difference

anyway, it wouldn't be good for SA .

as a whole if it got out.”

" “it had no effect on the out-
come,” said Weinsrock. “Lisa was theASP and WCDB, Levy said that
not involved. No one wanted to he told student Senator Steve
hurt Lisa. The whole evening was in Coplon a day after ire found out.
a whirl. lt’s foggy what happened in Coplon had been defeated in his bid
that little group.“ for the SA presidency before the
“People have to understand the run-off. Coplon and Levy decided
frame of mind we were in," said to keep quiet: “We viewed Lisa as
Mitchell. “it was a question of in- an innocent victim," Levy said in
dividual morality versus group his statement. "i can’t say the
morality. if it did affect the elec- ‘decision' l reached was horren-
tion, we would discuss it again. dons, corrupt or illogical. it was

Davis was cailcdattd told to come compassionate. Ofﬁcially, as Coun—

to the meeting. “i got a call that cil Cltair, i should ltave made the
night. They made me come back to cold decisiort to ‘check' tlte Ex-
campus. i lived 45 minutes from ecutive Branch. but i was not that
campus. By the time l got there. the impersonal."

party had dwindled down to “Lisa had won fair attd square
nothing. l asked them what tlte pro- beyond any doubt,” said Coplon.
blem was attd whether it was about “We were thinking of the welfare
the story i said. They said to me, of SA and students."

‘Don't worry about it. Lisa wort'.” itt subsequent months Council

After that meeting, according to members Gary Scltatsky, lra
Mitcltell, the ntatter was dropped. Sontach. Ed Klein and Frank Bait-
“l never discussed it withanyone," man found our. Central Council
Davis said that nobody brought it Vice Citair Brian Levy learned itt
up with hiru after that night. November.

“Once we decided not to go “ifl was in the original seven,"
public," said Mitchell, “i decided said Levy, “maybe l would have
to leave the burden off her dottc different. ijusl don't know."
[Newmark's] shoulders." Levy added “i would rtot have
"il‘l had to do it over again, l‘d do appointed Jint Mitcltcil Itttcrttrti Af-.
it exactly the same way." said fairs Cltair if i had knmvrt he
Castro-Blatteo. “l wouldn't chaitgc covered up."

a damn thing.“ Last Saturday Coplon told prc~

those six.

Castro-Blanca told Central

July. in a statement submitted to

 

 

.»~ . 1

They will probe the SA in an attempt to learn Ihefacts.

A UCTION

~objects of art and clothing supplied by local
merchants
-iive entertainment
-door prizes
Saturday nite, March 15
9pm, CC Ballroom

Admission

JSC $.25, tax card $.50, others $.75
Admission
(UJA-Chai)

 

But the secret didn't stay with

Council Chair Mike Levy in mid--

Central Council Rep. Mike Williamson outlines committee purpose at meeting.

Albany Student' Press

Electitm Cover-Up I _

sent election. commissioner Ron
Joseph. ' Joseph told Newmark
Monday night.

“i was amazed and outraged,"
said Newmark. “l was never given
the chance to exercise my own judg-
ment. Everybody else was able to
excercise their own judgement. i
never got that chance. Looking at it
now, i would have done
something."

“lfl knew, i would’ve contested
the election," said Ward, who is
currently SASU President.

Murphy added that if anyone had
told her what Davis said, she
would’ve invalidated the election.

“We ltave to make sure it never
happens again," Newmark con-
tinued. We have to work to clean
up elections." Newrnark added that
voting machines will he used in this
year’s elections and that SA will
look into them ntore closely.

Joseph said that he started an iri-
vestigation of his owrt, adding that
Mitchell told him that all queries
about the situation should be refer-
red to Mitchell or Weiitstock.
Joseph said he refused.

On Tuesday. Newmark set up a
committee of her own, halting
Joseph's investigation. She said
that the committee will present its
findings on the matter to her on

Sunday.

Rich Nagle, chair of Newmark's
committee, said that rcsigrtatiotts
might be asked of those who par-

   
   

‘ ‘ONE WOMAN

SHOW” ’

- Starring Sally Fox

-Jewish involvement Theatre
Speaking on “Jewish identity"
-Audience participation

Sunday nite, March 16
8pm, CC Assembly Hall

JSC $.75, tax card $1, others $l.25

(UJA-Chai)

CHAl WEEK CALENDAR

-tables and exhibits in Campus Center all next week

ticipated in the cover-up and that a
report will go to Dean for Student
Affairs Nell Brown and SUNYA
President Vincent O'Leary.

“i don't‘ believe there's equal
guilt," said Nagle. “We must deter-
mine the degree of guilt.”

Assistant Dean for Student Af-

fairs Henry Kirchner said that if_

ballot boxes were stuffed, “it is
clearly dishonest and does affect the
University as a whole. it may; then
be appropriate to use channels
otltcr than SA."

According to the Student
Guidelines of SUNYA, it is a viola-
tion to ". . .engage itt fraudulent
behavior. . . or knowingly furnish

false information' to the Universi-

..

“l’m really worried about ltow
this will affect student and faculty
opinion of SA," said Newmark.
“We're working on four-year stu-
dent representation ott Senate. 1
hope this doesn’t ltttrt us."

Davis said he was upset that
nobody had called him to confirm
whether he actually did what he said
he did in the whole matter.

“You‘re the first to call," he told
the ASP. “i'ttt surprised they
beleived it. l'tn upset at Jim and
Craig. We were friends. it’s not itt
my character to do something like
that. i even told Janet Murphy that
i wanted the ballot box locked."

Mitchell said he tried to contact

Match 14’ 19'

Davis this week. but th
no avail.

“it's tough to aeCutately
what was serious and what “3
said liavkiirs. “The in
that there have to be
election system.

“This is really funny," stridt‘
chell. tr lte never did it it,“ ii"
guilty?" ' ’M’

“it sounds like they playgdl
telephone gantc," sttid Davis "1"
really surprised this whole thing
so blown up. l‘m sorryii MPH“;
i guess yott could say | “an
with it flair."

ill il “a;

iud
‘ tn'r,M
atn thing‘
Change in

The last tune SA “in plungch
to a crr lslctlllt‘ctilillg rillegidbg
box stuffing writ iii the hilly
presidential tricc hcttwt-rr it
Arottoff ttrtd Krrthy Briton. llrti'r
tally showed Arorrnff the \ii‘lor
less than 20 \‘rlics. A tetottnr thrill
ed that llriron had “on, hurt
several ballots \tcre rrtissrrtt. Air
charges and ctltllllCi-t‘iliilg‘t't ti
presented to iht‘ SA Suptt
Court, it has decided .rrrtrth
runoff election \toiild he lrclrlrri.
beginning of the trill wint'trt-r S.
President l);i\c tiolrl ripplin-
Pttul PCiLilllilll its his illlt‘tirtttr
president for lilL' sirittrnr-r. iii-int
clectiort ttcvct occtrrrcd. hour
as Aronol'l transferred ill ‘i’
University and littritu tool. inrrti
reigns thul Scptcrrthet.

 

Randy,

 

Happy 20th

and I’m Glad The Last

6 Months

Were Spent With him

Love. ,iody

 

 

Rand- Unreal!

H ttppvl ii if)

 

 

 

-Tues., March 18: FALASHAN JEWS (Ethio ia J ' “
We Save Them”), 8pm, LC 23 p ews‘ can
-Wed., March 19: the film “EXODUS” at 8 '

. pm tn LC 23
-Thurs., March 19: “Exodus speaker”Rev. Grauel a
passenger on the Exodus ship, 8pm, LC 23 '
-Sat., March 22: Midnight Breakfast (with live entc t '
in the Dutch penthouse, 11pm r ammcm)

(All this, sponsored by the United Jewish Appeal and JSC- Hillel)

without law school.

nationwide.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l_\ career in law—
wrthout law school.

After just three months of study at The li’lSllltllU ior
Paralegal Training in exciting Philadelphia. you can havea
stimulating and rewarding career in law or business —-

As a lawyer's assistant you will be performing inany oi
the duties traditionally handled only by attorneys And at
The Institute for Paralegal Training, you can pick one at
seven different areas of law to study. Upon completion of
YOUTiI’alning. The institute's unique Placement Servicele
find you a responsible and challenging job in a law trim.
bank or corporation in the city of your choice,

The Institute for Paralegal Training is the nation's lir5i
and most respected school for paralegal WWW-l S'UCC
1970, we've placed over 3.000 graduates in over 55 miles

If you're a senior of high academic standing and looking
for an above average career, contact your Placerrtent
Office for an interview with our representative

We will visit your campus on:

MONDAY, APRIL 14

I The ..
Institute . grow

or
~.Pafa|°ga| “ ' ‘t,,_  (215)732-6600
Training” -- I ' '“
\.11_ LL-

opututrtd try Pritnrtuuut, Int: '
Approved by the American Bar Association-

235 South llth Street
Philadelphia, PA 19103

 

 

  

 

1:
.;.

tliﬂ‘ .i t

'Clll‘lL‘lll

t

 

It. .,.t

rMarch 14, 1980

 

tax—Nixon Aide Visits SUNYA

Albany Student Press

 

by lieth Sexer I

The irnptrct of tire ,lcwish vote on
the [Will prcsidetttittl cicction nits
the subject of \‘.’ctlrtc:.du_v's t)llv
Ctllllltlh trildrcst. by John Rothrttttrr,
torrtrcr political tnhisot to Richmd
Nixon,

Among the stilllccl‘.
\vrts Atttr'rruin—Israeli rclutiorts and
fro“ they are rrtfcctcd by it recent
lib; \Uit' iii the United Nitlitttt‘.
Security t oirncil, l'hc uotc referred
to \\tt~ the l ititcd States ‘rtipport til
it lilll\i' condemning tltc lunch or
\Jllllllllttll oi the \\'c\l littrtk and first
.lcrrisiiictti. According to Rothtrttirt.
l‘tt-stdr'rit t'urti-t cirllcd the tictrrrn
rtri clrot front :i ltrctikdourt iii citith

tlrscttsscil

rttttriictrtiorr‘..

“liti'. in tlic first time lllt' ll.S
\\t.‘lll ou lL‘Llll'ti frivoiiitty . . . irtll
lsrttcli “ililtit’ilwtli front itll tcr-

ritoric» (occupied by lsttrcl \lIlL't.‘
19M) including .lcrristrlcm,“ \ttitl
Rotlmitirr. “Although lith President

Panel Disc-noses Afghanistan

Condemns Carters Israeli Stand

says it is it tttisluke, he took 48
hours to say it was a mistttkc. The
President should ensure llllll it
should ttcvcr ltuppctt tiguin," itc
r-zrid. :‘lt is rather clear that the
crcthhility oi the President will:
Jewish \otcts is very low.“

Rothrrrrttt cited i‘ur-sdzty 's l ittiitid
priiittrry in mi cxtttttplc of skep-
ticism towtrtrl t :ittcr utttong .lcnish
\otcrs. “Kennedy crrpturcd the
Jewish \otc itr tltc l-‘loridti primary
met from by rt tittio of two to
one," lir' \tliii.

Rirtltttum c;tllcrl lsrttcl “the only
accrue :tlly thr- Lirrrtcd Stiitcs hits tn
the .\lrdr|lc littst," thtirgmg ('tutr‘r
'-\llil tittcrttptirtr' to sttcttgthcft
Arttcticrtri lL‘itllltllh \titli \zittdi
Atribiu. “I bclicw it is illl error to
ctrtrtrtc Amcricrt's oil ircctl \\ilil
ltrrrcl's security. it is no“ tibun»
drimh ciciu ihiit the illlillltlt‘ Pit-si-
dent k'urtcr is trtking . is not
syrttptuhetic to lsrttcl‘s point of

vicw.‘-’

Wltilc Rothmirn admitted that
issues other than lsrttel are impor-
tant _ to the Jewish voter. he
rccogrti/es lhrtt tuition its “rt vitrtl
link to Arttt'ricfin security needs,”
tutti “it lltlll-Dill'll‘trlll l‘mllL‘." .

Rothnttrn is currently touring
with it illt:\L'llltliitttl on the itttprict of
thc “ethnic fircior‘ tttrrl '~pct‘ltti in
tctsts on tltc politicttl process. Ac-
cording to ISUllillcl students for
Isrttcl Corntrtittr'c (‘o-(‘Imit lltttcc
Gilsott, the group \Dttllttttl‘cd
Rothmun to wttrri silltit'lll- about
“rcttlly tittrtgcrottu prcccdcnt tor scl-
littg chtittgc iii U.S. pttlict."

Cotnrrtittcc (‘ttL'lttlil l isti (‘ohcri
noted that u letter writing critrrpttigtr
aimed ttr ('rirter is currently being
orgttrti/crl. She |vc|i\cs thiit
Americtur tit-tion on the ll.N resolu-
timt \ttts rtot it “mistake” tit till.
“('tiitcr‘s retictiott wits merely to
appease tltc .lcwish vote," she said.

 

US And USSR Policies Criticized

by Luurtt Florentino

Criticism of botlt American and
Soviet foreign policy and a failure
to address the basic motives for the
political crisis in
Afghanistan characterized a pttttei
discussion sponsored by five stit-
dettt grotips, Tuesday.

Speakers including History Pro-
fessor Larry Wittttcr, Physics
graduate strtdcttt Bltititu Das and
Political Science Professor Peter
Cocks condemned the Soviet inva—
sion in Afghanistan.

They also concluded that US
tittti—cotnttttrrrist policies coit-
tributctl to tire crctrtiort of it pro—
Soviet Afglutnistttrt.

USSR (.‘itc Support

[his presented two incidents
where U.S. denial of military ttid to
Afghanistan resulted irt zr Soviet-
Afghtm partnership.

According to Dus, iit 1956 it sec-
tion of the Afgltrttt government tip—
proztchcd thshingtott‘for military
irid. ’l'he U.S. agreed, explained
Drts, on one condition — that
Afghanistan join CENZI'O, (Central
'l‘rctrty ()rgunizutiott) a US of-
filiittcd political association.
Afghanaistan refused.
“Afghanistan wrrs then forced to
ttrrtt to the U.S.S.R for aid, said
Dtts, “From the Soviet Union
Afghanistan received $25 millions
in Soviet arms."

Another incident where
Afghanistan lttrned to the U.S.S.R
for aid was iii the 1960‘s when poor
Afghtutistrin-Pttkisttm relations left
Afghrm irt great tic-ed of assistance,

“The U.S.S.R supported
Afghanistan by exporting rtttttty
grinds turd ctirgo. 0n the other
htttttl, the Shah of Iran ttnd the Kcrt—
rtcdy Administration turned down it
rctrttcst to build it highutrv hrirhrc
hctwcr-rt Alghtrrristurr and hurt,"
|'\|litlllll'li i.t.i‘.

lrt llt'rt'ntlicr i‘)7li, Alyhtrrii'ttrtrt
.titd thc l'.\'.$ lx‘ signer! .t :il-_\t'il‘
It'icrtrlxhtp ttcztty \\'ill\'i\ Hits churns
war. designed to rtirtkc Afghanistan
it "there colony of tltc ll.S..'.l{."
After the treaty was prrr forth, the
Sotict Union sent (Wul’ otrc rnilliou
dollars to Afghanistan, Dtrs itdtictl.

Dtts contlernner; tltc recent Soviet
irtvrtsiori of Afghanistan as “clearly

a move to consolidate U.S.S.R cort~
trol."

The Afghan situation brought to
light tltc contention between the
super powers. Das warned that the
danger of world war exist. He sees .
revolution as the trend of the world
today. “Thcjttst struggles of people
and revolution will finally prevail,"
lte ttddcd.

US ttid to Pakistan

Dus went on to cortdetttrt U.S.
policy irt other Middle litist coun-
tries. He claims U.S. did to
Pitkistrrn itt 1970 of or cr' ttto hilliott
did “not \tti\L‘ any problems 7— it
only trggtttttttcd thcrti."llc pointed
out thtrt thc ll..\. ttrtttlc huge profils
in Pakistan during the ecoriorttic
crises irt 1908.

With regard to lrtm, Drrs referred
to U.S. involvement in lrtttr since
I953 its “the greatest crime of the
century."

Another speaker, Pctcr Cocks ut-
tributcd the U.S. cold war type
policy towards the Russian invasion
not as merely “electiottceriug bttt
part of ti deep—routed belief of the
U.S."

NSC 68 Cited

He poittted to tt document of the
Ntttiorttti Security Council — NSC
68 — “wlticlr is recognized by many
historians its a prime policy docu—
ment."

Cocks claims this document, in~
stitutcd in 1950, dcrttonstrutcs a
continuity irt U.S. policy sittcc the
cold wrrr. NSC'GB was proposed out
of the belief that Cotnrttttrtisttt
would sprczrrl ttcrtfss the world, cx-
plriirrcd ('ocks. its bttsic format sets
forth the cdttctrtirui of the Atttcrictut
people on (‘orttttirrrii-tru rrntl the pro-
blcrns it brings.

(fucks ptrtpttsuri \vltttt ltc ‘ril\\ in
this nittin points iii the U.S. illlll-
('oirtirturrisl rttotcriicrtl;

US. is comtrtttcd to the crctrttoit
of :i world wide cripttrtlist system.

The US. should become world
letttlcr‘ trntl check the power of thc
Kr'ctttliri.

The notion lilill U.S. rtow fitccs
rut intcrnrttiotrttl system which it cart
'ntrmipttltttc less easily thtitr it could
in 1950.

The U.S. ltad relied on permissive
national capitalist prosperity.. Tire
U.S. is afraid that it can't maintain
freedoms it is used to.

US lllequlpped

Cocks believes the U.S. is
“remarkably illcquipped for the
major problems it faces trttd is now
tryirtg to formulate feelings of na—
tiottalisrn attd patriotism. He pro-
posed that “anti-nuke and anti-
drttl'l and demonstrations are wrtys
to fight Ctirtcr's policies and that‘s

 

by Janice iteirtlutrt

_('L‘ lobby.

war without winners."

rertl American petroleum situation.

 

what we have to aim at."

site said. ,

' Rally Speakers Protest
Draftingr Women and Blacks

Women and blircks itr tltc military and the threat of rtrrclciir writ were
topics highlighted rtt yestcrrliry's SUNY l’cttcc Project tutti-ditth t‘ttlly lit the

lloth Albrmy Wotttert‘s (Tertth spokesperson Libby Post rind SUNYA
student liowitrd Srrttkcr' sir“ tltc drafting of wonten and blacks tts unfziir.

They argued titut while botlt groups are discriminated against, they are
still drafted on rm etturtl level with white turtles.

Post said than women cannot “win equality through war." She pointed
out that 75 percent of military positions are closed to wotncrt.

Site also noted that there tire no women in the Pctttagott — “not even
secretaries." Sltc added that if “the male power structure will not trust a
woman with national security, why sltould (women) fight a war?"

SUNYA student Howard Struker argued that blacks have had it similar
experience, “Blacks are victims of Attrericuniztttion," lte claims. Until
recently, blacks ltavc been denied both education and tire right to vote, bttt
were always allowed to fight U.S wars, he added.

Straker went on to say that wltile Blacks remain underprivileged. in
many otltcr ways, “Blacks are 25 percent of your armed forces."

“We iutve no ittlettliott of being on the front litres," he concluded.

Another speaker discussed the possibility of war on tttore general terms.
Student activist Terriatttte Falcone proclaimed that “a war now would be a

“The possibility of a nuclear war is very real indeed." she said, stressing
the dangers inherent iii the use of atomic weapons. Falcorfe warned that in-
creztsed reliance on nuclear power will lead to the importation of uraniurtt
and a subsequent dependency on forcigrt resources comparable to the cur-

Falcone also discussed the arms race itt tcrttts of Soviet-Atttcrican rela-
tions, calling nuclear power "a rtcw vrir'ittble iii the equation of war."
“it’s tltc most frightening thing that has ever happened to hunumkirtd.“

Page Five

  
   

 

 

WCDB Elects New Manager

by lleth Crimttruruttt

WCDli Mttsic Director Jiitt Dltl~
ntottd was elected General Manager
of tire station at a staff executive
meeting Tuesday.

He will be replacing graduating
senior Drive Ricsmatt, ti two year
veteran of the position.

Ricstnan explained that Diamond
will assume full responsibility as
supervisor attd coordinator of the
radio station by May l, after cont-
pleting tttt on-the—job training pro-
gram under ltis guidance.

Progratn director Patti Hcttcgharr

‘Big Cat’

'I'AMI'A, Flu. (Al‘) The “Big (‘ttt'

wttitcd by the telephone. l'lc wrritctl

. ltllLi wttitcd . . .rrrrd wttitcd . .

“When i didn't get it cull by i
missed

o'clock. i knew i hrtd
rtgriht," .lohtiny Mi/c acknowledg-
ctl frotii his home itt Dctittttcst, (in.
“i didn't. txpcct it much. l'vc
been wrtilittg 27 yours. You curt get it
little hrtrilcucd irt thtit tirttc. [int i
was «.orry for my mother. She‘s 85
iitlti iri it nursing home. Arttl for my
grandson, 12, down in l‘itit'itiil."
"l‘hcy see it on television. They
read it iii the papers. Artd titcy get
their hopcs up. My hopes —— well.
they've just about been killed."

sitid Ditttrrottd’s first task its General
Munrrgcr will be to appoint new
mcmhcrs to the exccutivc commit—
CL'.

“As far its Jim is concerned,"
l-lcttcglum said, “he hits provctt
himself to be u rttost capable person
lterc at the station and has been an
invaluable aid to rtte as program
director."

Diatnorttl said he is excited about
the future of the station. “1 aim to
carry on WCDB's growth and
maintain tltc respect it ltas ea 11 rd in
tire corttttttrnity by corttinmttg to

1l't)\’lth.' and expand on tltc services
A'L‘ offer," he said.

“i see our purpose as multi-
faceted. We provide entertainment
for tire campus community and l
tltirtk our format is well-suited to
the Albany audience," Diamortd
said.

“We are primarily a 24-hour sla-
tiort attd we‘re going to start taking
advantage oftltat fact. in the future
we will attempt to becottte tttore of
a force on campus, making students
aware of evettts as they happen itt
rtcws, music, sports, n he said.

Misses Hall of Fame

' All week the sports pttgcs turd tltc

l‘V tithes had been blirriitg the story
liltli ol' Johnny Mile, the "llig
('tti" of thc (‘trtrlittrtis, (iiuttts, turd
Yankees, \\'tl‘~ tr ccrtrtirtty to get into
briscbrill‘s llrtll of Millie.

l'hc lb' rrtttrt Vctcritrts L‘ortrniitlcc
was meeting; itt Irtmpri \‘v't‘tillcstlily
to t't‘tlt’t‘ss ti\‘t‘l"vlghi‘~ litill rtrtiy have
been con‘irtiittcd by thi: liriscbttll
Writer. of America irt their t'csptrtt-
sibilirv to vote deserving piuycri. in-
to the game's museum itr
Cooperstown, N.Y.

At t2:lS, the doors opened and
out stepped the committee with
sheaths of statistics. Did the "Big

Cat" firtitlly mrikc it‘} Well, no,
sorry not this time. llottorcd
posthurrtrutsly new the pic-World
\Aur  tg outfielder of thc
l’ltillics, f'ltuck Klein, ttntl the
longtime owner of'thc litnroit Red
Sox, the lure 'l'om ‘t'ttwkcy.

“A year .irzo, they said ll would
be thick Wilson, chm or myself."
Mi/c said over the phone frottt his
ruriil Georgia ilUlllL'. “When Hack
got it my wife suid, "Nest your for
you honey." i said, “Don't count
on it. Klein will get it." it was like it
wars written between the litres.

“i get the feeling that it’ll never
lltttppen to me."

 

