 

w'

«wart

 

 

ueE@%

 

t
.
i
‘1

«WC. ____~g ‘ . .

 

 

' Christmas Blitz

Every year movie fans and critics alike go
through the same problem-the annual

Christmas movie blitz. During the holiday

Jim Dixon

season. every one with a product to sell diver
for your wallet-pocket. and the movie pro-
ducers are no exception. The big movies all
come out on top of each other. From

Electric Com an

 
  

Albany Student Press.

' I-lolly

Thanksgiving on. there;s a major opening
every week. in many cases. these will be some
of the biggest and most expensive movies of
the year. However. the biggest and most
heavily hyped are not necessarily the best.
Certainly the worst big movie of the year
had to be Walt Disney's twenty six million
dollar fiasco. The Black Hole. a tacky and
unimaginative attempt to cash in on the
megabuck science fiction-fantasy market.

January 22, 1930

“00‘ ‘

Other big Christmas movies, such as Cuba.
have barely made a dent in their production
costs. Star Trek The Motion Picture by co...
trast is making money. but will have to gross
nearly eighty million dollars for the producers
to see a profit.

The theory behind many of these Yuletide
cinematic baubles and trinkets seems to be lha|
people want fluff and spectacle and no
substance. Certainly that's what they‘ve gotten

- Horse Partners

The Electric Horseman has all the earmarks
of a classic Hollywood movie star movie. The
ads use only last names In the "Gable's back
and Garson's got him" tradition. and it has
two stars who never sweat. get dirty. or have

Mark Rossier

even a hair out of place (except Redford who
has the casually messed up look that takes the
stylist hours to perfect). despite the fact that
they spend three days out in the almost wilds.

 

' Steve’s
Bis ' Deal

Steve Martin is an unqualified success as a
stand-up comic. and a qualified failure as a
writer (Cruel Shoes). How does he make out
as a movie star? if The Jerk is all there is to
judge him by. the world may never know.
Along with Carl Gottlleb and Michael Elias.

 

Rube Cinque

Steve Martin co-wrote the screenplay. but he
remains under the thumb of director Carl
Reiner. whose talents are probably, more
suited to television than film. In fact. much of
the film seems to have been shot with two
cameras running simultaneously. a la the tube.
with long. stationary shots. For some styles of
film comedy. the technique works fine: the
Marx Brothers. for instance. paraded their
lunacy in front of the camera. as opposed to
having the camera come to them. Steve Mar-
tin is'not the Marx Brothers. however. and
while certain scenes come off brilliantly. he just
can't carry the whole movie by himself. and
notwithstanding some fine help from Ber-
nadette Peters. this is what he is left to do by
Reiner's direction. With commercial breaks. in
the comfort of one's living room. this film
might be more entertaining: if nothing else.
the television public is used to such repetition
of themes and plots that this decidedly dif-
ferent product would be refreshing. in a movie
theatre. viewers' expectations are a bit higher.
and Reiner doesn't really try to accommodate
these expectations. His cameo appearance
could easily have shown up in a Dick Van
Dyke Show rerun. although Sid Caesar would
probably have been funnier with the shtick.

The black family which raised Martin and to
whom he sent $2 from his first job (making
$1.10 an hour). has also been confused by
Reiner. At times they seem to worry about
how stupid Martin is. while at others. they
seem Just as stupid. and with the exception of
Mabel King. his mother. and possibly Catlin
Adams, his father. the characterizations are
almost non-existent. Even when Martin hits it
big. all they ever get from- him is letters ——
never a visit. When one of the letters ends with
Martin writing “Tonight she's giving me a
blow-job." there is surprisingly little reaction.
either way. from the family sitting on the
porch. listening to Grandma reading the letter.
Dramatically. it Si'til’TlS bungled

Martin does have his moments. though.
Working at a 312‘ station for Jackie Mason. he

 

manages to be quite artful in his bungling.
dealing with a phony credit card with amazing
hysteria. and almost offering himself to a
psychotic killer.

He and Bernadette Peters work quite well
as romantic leads. and she has more to do
than most straightmen (straightpersons?) in
short. the acting is as good as the cir-
cumstances allow. The screenplay weakens
toward the end of the film. but as the credits
are shared. it's hard to tell who is at fault. or if
Steve Martin could really give Woody Allen a
run for his money.

Steve Martin made his name by turning
suave and debonair into an idiocy display. and
he is attempting to translate this idiocy into
film. Whether that is possible or not remains to
be seen. but as of the release of The Jerk.
there is still room for improvement. .

 

 

 

 

Redford and Fonda are surely ‘he "‘05!
charismatic. beautiful. intelligent. basically
perfect movie couple to come along Since
Beatty and Christie: and The Electric
Horseman is rivaled only by The Way we
Were as the movie of the decade.
Fortunately. the people behind the film
weren't lazy enough to simply depend 0” (he
magnatism of their two stars to carry the
movie. Redford and Fonda are backed by a
fine supporting cast. a strong. enjoyable plot
line. and a director and crew who know exact-
ly what they want to do and how to do it.
The story is not as shallow as that of many
star vehicles. no doubt due to the determina»
tion of both stars to make films that are botit
serious and commercial. The plot involves
commercialization. degradation. and
prostitution-not the 42nd streut kind. but the
kind that comes front selling yourself for pro-
ducts and ideals you neither believe in or care
about. Specifically. we see an aging rodeo
cowboy named Sonny Steele (Redford) who.
as shown in an effective sequence during the
credits. has fallen from grace as well as a few
too many horses and is left as the hick
huckster for a corporation's breakfast cereal.
Although the money's good and the work's
easy. Sonny becomes aware of his moral
decay. He's living In a world where talent is
meaningless (at one point he tells the com-
pany president “i used to rodeo. l was good at
it." The man quitely responds "That's irrele-
vant”) and image supreme. Fed up with it all
Sonny decides to steal the $l2 million
thoroughbred that has become the .‘vimpany's
symbol. Along the way he's pursued by Hellie
Martin (Fonda). a T.V. reporter who initially
thinks he'd jsut make a good storyusoon
however. she teams up with him in his flight
from civilization. The plot. while interesting. is
not the movie's strong point. nor is it meant to
be. What lifts Electric Horseman above the
majority of movies is the skilled. professional
manner in which its all put together.
Professionalism is in fact. the key to
Horseman's success. It's nice to see a movie
made with care by people who had both the
time and talent to do it right. Fonda and Red-
ford have the kind of rapport only two
SUDGFSMFS Can have; they are both secure
enought to not have to constantly be the
center of attention. They take turns
dominating scenes, they give each other
spaces to fill and they both benefit from it. The
relationship between Hallie and Sonny
(actually. they too are only images. its Nor-
man and Alice~their real names- who care
about each other) seems to be one of affection
rather than traditional romantic love and this
too distinguishes the film. it's good to get away
from heartbreaking. passionate romances and
move toward interesting man-woman relation-
ShiPS- The electricity between the two. that
some feel is missing. is there. but in a very sub-
lle- WW effC‘Cllve way that makes watching
them a pleasure. Valerie Perrine turns in a
::(;“<;:l:1;§:|r:0rln:nce as Sonny's ex-wife
debut (he alsoos'l' ounqune Ml "' "'5 "'m
original mum b rigs a the films song-the
Jehn saxonls ‘yvm avekGrustn is also fine).
balance betwee 'ba,'.' ems lus' "‘9 “9’”
and a downright'ba l‘mg boncemed' g'cedy'
cessively vicious  t' Cu' |he n'we' ge's ex'
has several weak i ,iar and s screenplay
else ‘1me NW N momcnts. bitt everything
overlook them IT '5 50 89"" we '0n" '0
tinderstandinr 'dilgwcw'" " '5 also wmy'
mew “Hid “mics In frunus;itally mature for
the first middle  dc" Iorwman mm} ""
ige movie to haw

peal. After all. both Fonda and Redford are

over forty and they make no attempt to liltlt’ it
The movie has none of the youth appeal of
Star Wars and Grease. it's made by and about
believable adults and fortunately the yiiiiiuioi
set is going to see it.

Owen Roizman's stunning ClllifllirtltitiirtIllt',
is worthy of an Oscar nomination flu» is nth.”
I mean by professionalism. Every [)t‘i‘iiill in
volved in the film. both in front of tilltl ltt'ltlit’l
the cameras does their job l7t'tttliilllllt.‘. Iiiivri
isn't a false note anywhere. lf tint/(nit! is in be
given credit for this it would have it) he l).r.u
for Sydney Pollack who is about the unit. liiitii
in Hollywood who knows how to flirt) w
tnovies in the old studio tradition lli' l‘u'tiiit'.
the decade with a more serious ias riptitmtil ii.
entertaining) film They Shoot Hurst“. i).ii.:
They (Actually that was 196‘). but whats 1
year here or there). hit his slide it) '7Ii Willi itm
Way We Were and along the way cainu up
with Three Days of the Condor and I)'tif'li’.
Deer/told (a better film than anyone gnu. it
credit for) among others; no "nonseniiin"
commercial director has a better track rei uni

Dori't let these rantings mislead you. The
Electric Horseman is not a great film. but iii
just so entertaining its not wonh the effort t'
would take to resist its charms. I havent felt
this good upon leaving a movie in a long liliiL’.
not admiring. just warm like after a visit filliii a
old friend. f can already hear the angry trim
that this is just another of these bleeding limit
liberal tales of corporate villiany Well. lliill
may be true. but for all its attempts at ft'illlaiii
this is really a fantasy in which no one is aw:
in any real danger and the concerns of (WIT.
day life can be ignored. But more lliiti.
anything else this Is a movie star movie and :ii
movie star movies anything is possible. «ii-r.

o

Bedsite’s Best Bet

“I can't get laid." says Bette Midlur. ih iltr‘
Rose. “nobody wants me."

That is perhaps the basic problem fact-ii by
the Janis Joplin-inspired sixties incl". \liti
She's been created by promoters «mil llit'
media. Her life is a concert tour. and think
no room in it for the things that might iiiiuiti
something to her personally. The RU‘st‘ i~ an
Electric performer. and at the same llliit’ .i mt!
fused woman on the verge of breaking ilimi‘t

Jim Dixon

that it's a melodrama. and only a second i.in
one at that. There‘s no denying that Mitllt‘i i~ .1
dynamic singer. and makes an lllipit’ﬁslU’ m
""9 debut in a big movie with a vi-.ib|y lititi“
budget. She's more than capaiily rum
DleL’ntUd by Frederic Forrest. recoiitlt. MW
in Apocalypse Now. its the "only l't‘itl mini"
The Rose knows. and Alan Bates. fltilii iii.-
Unmarried Woman as lltff llltllii|)tllril|\‘t‘
manager.

If acting ever made a movie. this is lllt' out
Every supporting character is it cardboard
cutout. Bates. through an lmprt'sstvu iiliitilllll
of insight manages to titrit .i stniiiliiiil

 

character part into sutnt'llllttii mun! mu
bivalent. and far less detestable turn-st pull.

off a similar feiit. somewhat ltl‘a‘a ‘illt‘Ct'tﬁllllllr'
Mltller has the inin Iliit't‘ tlllili’ll «mill

Cltiiraclcr in llll' flliil. httt llit‘ lil‘tltlt‘ili lli’lt' I‘v
"r" H ' ‘ ' l I .t'. .i
mass ill)‘ . ' “it How i tit rill lh.it likii llt )
('llllidt‘lt‘t. We. can tililrlllill/ I‘llll)tlllt|/t‘,t.t'ill
many of her probloiiis. but not with ilegﬁ;

 

 

 

January 22, 1980

 

Albany Student Press

with 1941. a fluffy and spectacular period
comedy. that's dying at the box office. The
movie that‘s killing them at the gate is Kramer
Vs. Kramer. an intimate and moving drama
about child-custody battles with no fluff. no
spectacle but a liberal dose of intelligence and
substance.

People will of course argue (with a good
deal of reason) that hits are not necessarily

good flms. Hits are. however. an indicator of

Love vs. Law

what the public really wants. and an Indicator
of what's to come from Hollywood. The
movies the public seems to like right now are
"people" movies: Kramer Vs. Kramer. The
Electric Horseman.

The trend overall in the past couple of years
is that one or two of the Christmas Blitz movies
make killings--such as last year's Superman
and Euery Which Way But Loose . The rest
die. This isn't particularly good for the film in-

 

 

 

 

Aspects on Tuesday

 

dustry. but it seems tobe the way everyone
wants to do it anyway.

Lest the current static state of local theatres
convince you otherwise. there will be new
movies coming out soon. as the contracts on
the bombs run out and a new crop of movies
for 1980 come in. in the meantime. there are
some films worth seeing. if you have the pa-
tience to sift through the chaff first.

'I'he Kramer Affair

Kramer us. Kramer is one of these rare films
that simply can't be overrated. True. not
everyone may think. as I do. that its the best
picture of the'year, nor will every viewer think.
as l do. that it's one of the most magnificent
clrtemattc achievments of the last decade. But

 

Mark Rossier

I haven't met- anyone who. at the very least
doesn't like it a great deal. l don't mean to im-
ply that there is not a soul out there who didn't
like it and it is not a challange to those people
to write nasty letters to the editor to make their
points of view known. it is merely a way of
saying that Kramer us. Kramer is one of the
few films that lives up to the massive critical ac-
claim its received.

Kramer is a quiet film, it doesn't deal In
hysterics or sensationallsm: its about real peo~
ple and honest emotion. The story is simple
enough; a woman leaves her husband and

son then returns a year and a half later and
fights a custody suit with her husband who has
since grown close to the boy. However simple
the bare outline may sound. the film achieves
greatness because of the complex motives and
emotions it stirs.

The central character (in terms of ntotivating
action rather than screen time) is Joanna
Kramer (Meryl Streep). a mid-thirtyish
-" ‘ " ' housewife who's been twisted and
torn to fit into her aggressive. career-minded
husband's idea of what a wife should be. Just
before she's about to crack she decides that.
for the good of her son as well as herself. she
has to leave.(but not before taking care of the
laundry and the bills—-even as she goes she's
still trying to be the perfect wife). Joanna then
disappears for the next forty or so minutes and
the film concentrates n the blossoming rela-
tionshlp between her husband Ted (Dustin
Hoffman) and son Billy (Justin Henry). Some
have argued that Ted's change from career
man who doesn't even know what grade his

 

she handles them. She's a sharp~tongued. im-
pulsive woman who often speaks before she
thinks.

The script develops in one direction — to
prepare us for The Rose's inevitable burn-out.
(Don't think I' re spoiled the suspense for you
There isn't any.) When she finally does —
before an enormous concert audience. Alan
Bates' reaction to her on-stage collapse is far
more interesting titan the collapse itself. It's
hokey. but at least it's well»foresltadowed.

What keeps The Rose afloat are the much-
talked about concert sequences. (Without
'them the movie would have been at least half
an hour shorter to begin with.) First of all.
there's Bette Midler. who belts out hard rock
well enough to make me wish she did this kind
of music more often. Second of all. these se-
quences are about the best-photographed
concert scenes I've ever seen.

A large number of extra cinematograpliers
worked on the movie just for the concert
scenes. among tltetn Laszlo Kovacs. Conrad
Hall and Haskell Wexler. who won an Oscar
for his work on Bound For Glory. The director
of photography was Vilnios Zsldmond. one of
the top clnematographers in Hollywood after
having photographed Close Encounters of the
Tltird Kind and The Deer Hunter. These men
make The Rose worth seeing for the
photography alone. if technical crcdlts alone
could make a movie. The Rose might well
become a classic.

It won't however.

Concert scenes aside. there's nothing here

you haven't seen before. It's a flip-side of A
Star Is Born. though I'll admit it's better done.
It's a good soap opera at best. implausible
mishmash at worst. The Rose's band's plane
attracts drifters like iron filings to a magnet.
Matty of these are Army deserters — enough
to stock a small chapter of Amnesty Interna-
tional.

And beyond a couple of fleeting references
to Vietnam. the movie really doesn't exude
tnuch of a sixties feeling. which might not be
more than a luxury. but there are those of us
who like to see period pieces. (Of course Hair
did reinvoke a sixties feeling and many critics
said It was "dated" as if it shouldn't have been.
l guess you can't win.)

Becoming a rock star has
sometlting of a new American dream. and it's
inevitable. even laudable that film-makers at«
tempt to explore what is to so many people
the threshold of glamor. But some fresh in-
sights would be nice. We all know that fame
isn't what it's cracked up to be, etc., etc. How
about a well~adjusted rock star for a change?
(Well. to be fair. there was The Buddy Holly
Story.)

A lot of effort went into The Rose. There's
good acting. great photography. smooth
editing and big production values. But the
writing isn't much and there are too many
shots of planes taking off and landing. too
many 'scenes of people talking inside of
limousines. But' of course. that's what The
Rose's life is all about. if it was tedious for her.
think of the audience. .

become

 

son's in to “superdad” is just too quick to be
plausible. Logically that may be true. but film
is a condensing medium therefore the events.
while they seem unduly rapid are really taking
placr1 over 8 months.

It has also been argued that one of the film's
strengths is that it doesn't have Joanna come
across as the villian--about this i am less sure.
Joanna may notibe a coniving bitch. but she is
certainly not going to win any popularity con-
tests. The audience may syrnpathize with her
at the begining.i but by the time she comes
back for Billy all loyalty has switched to Ted.
Part of the problem is that we never get to see
her good side. the qualities that made her a
desireable wife. and a good mother and
friend. She's nervous and insecure and
fighting for her identity. these are not the most
attractive aspects of her character. but they
are all we get. T e crux of the film deals with a
custody fight. yet we never get to see how the
mother and son'get along. We know they love
each other but we never get to see them en-
joying each other's company. Joanna is totally
devoid of humor; we're supposed to resent
the fact that she plays dirty at the trial while ac-
cepting it in Ted. in a lesser film this could
have been a crippling flaw. but because of
writer-director Robert Benton's skill it becomes
almost an after thought. The effect of all this is
less manipulative than it sounds (although it
certainly is that) mainly because Meryl Streep
ls cast as Joanna. She seems to be fighting the
role rather than playing It. She tries to get us to
feel some kind of sympathy or at least
understanding for her character so she pulls
out Joanna's insides and exposes them to us
so that'we can see what she's been through.
Finally. let me say that while l want to see

 

. .. if .
women in more prominent roles in films I
neither expect or desire all the portrayls to be
favorable ones; it Just seems that In a film that
makes some attempt to be fair to both part-
ners. the cards are Just a little too stacked
against Joanna.

Despite my considerable reservations about
the depiction of the wife and mother. I still
think this is a great film. For one thing. it's im-
Peccably mau'e. Nestor Almendros'
cinematography Is stunning. His dark. subtle
tones give the film an intimate feeling perfectly
reflecting the plot and scope. The scope in fact
is remarkably small for a film; its limited set-
tings and characters are more suited to a stage
play. This "smallness" if you will is one of
Kramer's chief attributes because it allows us to
gel to know the participants better. Benton
writes with such warmth and humor that we
get the feeling he really cares about the people
he's creating and his interest sparks ours. My
concentration on Joanna doesn't mean that
there's nothing to say about the. other
characters or that they are any less complex.
When Joanna leaves. Ted has to go through
much the same process that she is--he must
reevaluate his views of himself and his life as
well as learning to raise his son. What's
refreshing about Ted is that he doesn't try to
kid himself; he faces the lions so to speak. he
accepts what he is. where he's failed. and he
tries to change. The extent of these changes
are brought vividly to life by Dustin Hoffman's
remarkable performance. He essentially plays
two separate characters because the Ted we
see at the end is hardly anything like the one
who opens the film. The changes in everyone
between the first time we see them and the
last proves how much we learn about them as
well as the strength of Benton's script. The ac-
ting of the entire cast is breathtaking. Henry
has none of the obnoxious "cute-isms" of most
child stars, namely Ricky Schroder. He seems
perfectly at ease and handles heavy dramatic
scenes with surprising bellevabllity. i usually
hate the little brats they find for these movies.
but l must admist this one impressed me. Jane
Alexander. another extraordinarily talented
actress. is super in the difficult role of
Margaret. Joanna's slightly cynical. yet
romantic friend whose loyalties also change
during the course of events. Finally. Jobeth
Williams is charming as Ted's mistress who
meets Billy under unusual and uncomfortable
circumstances in the movie's most hysterically
funny scenes.

Everything about Kramer us. Kramer ap-
pears to have been carefully thought out and
brilliantly executed. for this we must thank
Benton once again. His screenplay. though
problematic. is eloquent in it's consideration of
parental love and duty and in both these areas
Joanna is not a complete loser and if you see
the film you'll understand what i mean. His
direction is astounding. especially considering
this is only his third feature. He paces things
beautifully letting his characters slowly reveal
themselves and his handling of the living
moments In the boy‘s bedroom are exquisitiy
sensitive. lf 1 go on like this much longer l may
lose my credibility so just let me close by say-
ing we don't often get films like this. so don't
be toousn enougn to miss it because who
‘ know when we'll get another like it. Q

  

as“-

 

 

