i,»..M-..... . ...« mom“

....s.. --.«....u....-—.. w..s......-~-.. m.-- ....~. ...—.e.v. ._ ,..

 

Mum...» A”... . .....

Let Us Break The SWord

Erie Mnillet

For the anti-draft. anti-war movement to
be effective it ntust present viable alternatives
to Carter's policies. An examination of
American foreign policy of the last 40 years
showshthat it has become morally and
politically bankrupt. and that its continua-
tiott could lead us and the world into disaster.

A recent article itt Newsweek grasped art
important element of a fundamentally new
alterttative. in Yugoslavia. tlte people have
successfully resisted Russian domination attd
occupation for over 30 years. Their secret: If
tlte Russians invade. then all the people
would unite artd figltt. Accordirtg to
Newsweek, if tlte West provides arms attd
.ttlter strppott. tlte Yugoslav people cotrld
hold their otvrt against as tttarty as (it) Soviet
tlivisiorts irt gtterrilla style war. The conclu-
sion: if the Yugoslavs remain trrrited it is ex-
trerttcly trttlikely that the Russians will risk
war with them. Artterica learned the lesson irt
Vietnam that a tccltrtologically sttpcrior cort—
verttiottal force is no tttatclt irt tlte long rttrt
against a determined rtttd united people. The
Germans learned this irt northern ltaly attd
Yugoslavia during World War ii. the French
irt Algeria. tltc Shah itt lrttrt. the Victltatttcsc
are learning it irt Cambodia, attd the Russians
will pay dearly if they want to keep "teir
Afghan pri/e.

l‘t'tttlc‘c took alrttost three years to recoth
enough psychologically front the defeat ot rts
cortvcrttiortal dcl'cnsc forces before its
resistance tnotcmcnt becarttc vittblc. artd that
was only after the allied tttrrtics had turned
tlte tide against (ictrttarty. If the Russians
overwltchtt a weak ctttrtctttiottttl NA l‘t) lorcc
the West will he psychologically shattered.
and this tittte there still be no one to come to
the rescue. The solution is not art irtcreasc irt
tltc quantity ot \ttlrtcrablc corttcrttiortal
forces; that ttrll ortlt perpetuate the arms
race the soltttton can In- forrrnl in a rrrodilicd
tarrttttott ol the \rtgrrslat defense. a sort ol
people's nrtlttt.t marlc up ot ctcry‘ortc irt a
country. If tlrc \ttgoslats could ltold oft (it!

Soviet divisions how many could West Ger»
many hold off? The ‘French? The United
Arab "jihad?"

The Russian artny is basically designed to
fight a ntoderrt techno—war. The above
strategy radically alters tltc rule of the game.
For tltcttt to even hope to win this kind of war
they would have to increase the siIe of-their
army tremendously (at a time when they are
experiencing increased labor shortages). They
could not trttsr their “allies” to fight with
them lit a war of conqtrest (the Afghan arrtty
tvas largely disarttted. attd rttatry of its troops
wcrtt over to the rebel side). So before they
cottld evett coutcrttplttteatt attack o . Western
littrope or the Middle East. the Soviets would
have to disarm most of the countries they
rtow occtrpy. Another consideration is that
the Soviet army relics lteavily on non-Russian
tlrat'tccs twottld Soviet Moslcrrrs fight a
Modern iilttrd’f). Wltite the rest of the world
ttottld begirt to cttjoy to prosperity rcstrltirrg
from having to tttairttaitt only a very inexpen-
sive and powerful defense system. the Rus-
sians wottld bankrttpt themselves preparing
for a tvar that they cotrld trot win. Some have
labeled the idea rtaite. but it is more naive to
tltirtk that a group of tired. sick. cautiotrs old
bureaucrats itt the Kremlin could inspire or
force its people to figltt along. drawn-our rto
wirr war of conquest. it is cvcrt rttorc rtaitc to
tltitrt. that sttctt a cortscrvalivc group would
risk cvctytltirtg it ltas on such a lottg sltot
adventure.

I or tltc Utrited States. the alternative to the
plan otrtlittcd above is a vast irtcr‘casc itt
dctctrsc spettdirtg. the threat of using. nuclear
weapons to defend ottt interests itt the Pet-
sittn (ittil and tire itttltrstriali/cd world. the
support ol artticotrtttturtist dictators
trcrrrctnbcr where that led us irt lt'ttlt. ctc.i.
bankrrtptttrt' ot tltc economy to pay tor
tlctcttse. and th? decline of ortr institutions as
pcoplc try-ht otct ttlto ttill get a bigger share
ol .t shrrnlottg pic.

 

 

* * * Freddy’

sT&A * * *

latrt a bclictcr. I follow itt tattlt this otttrrrprescttt power. this power that gently shapes my
rttrtrd like (iotl tttoldirtg a ttrart ltortt a pile t\t clat. Nortc cart ctadc this power . Oh this power .

'r'cwly tartgcd and proud. Please let tis listen to

.\ch tthtttt's scrtttort on tltc “rttassttgc.” All of

 itt the United States of Arrtcrica. worship the power sr\ hours a day. (iloriotrs be the day
t I out satior has returned. ('BS. NBC. and now Ali(' (oh _\tttl lttcky fellows. you) for l‘t'cd
Srlncttnatr is here to gtrrdc you to the wonders of l A" A. Ntclsorr be proud! l ct tltc sky show its
stttrs: James Garner. lxlkc Summers. ct at. And when I the. let tttc go to your hcatctt wltcrc

your Charlie‘s Angels are.

l’ctcr Herc/try
(Wor'sltippct')

 

 

. , . - . .. -......... ran—um“

Save Education

To the Editor: .

Governor Carey's proposed $26.3 million
cuts from the budget of the State University
of New York will force the dismissal of an
estimated lt00 faculty and, staff positions
throughout the SUNY system. The Governor
and the Administration ltave consistently
forced cutbacks frottt SUNY's budget over
the past five years. as well as raised tuitions
itt 1976 by $l(X) and in 1978 by SISO to
“avoid future cutbacks iii the staff.“- Why
do these practices continue at the expense of
public education?

The rrtetltod employed in determining wlto
is trtarkcd for btrdgct cuts is art example of
tire classic “least resistance" model. As such.
SU NY is the constant rccipicrtt of the Cover.
rtor's blade dttc itr part to art ineffective lobby
irt Albany which functions witlt a lack of
funds.

I implore the alttrttrti of the State Universi-
ty of New York system to corttribtrte a dona-
tion to your respective universities. or write a
letter to your asserttblytttart or state senator
toicing your displeasure and utter corrtcrttpt
tor the corttirtttatiort of SUNY btrdgct ctrts.

In tltis. tltc clcvcrtth ltottr of the btrdget
proceedirtgs. it is irttperative that we all rrtake
a cortccrtcd effort to cotrntcr cttts irt ptrblic
education. We at SUNY are willing to ltelp irt
the effort to defeat the ctrrrertt ccortorttic pro—
hlctns that tltc State of New York faces. btrt
should we corttirttte to disproporliottatcly
bear tltc brtrttt of the budget cutbacks? Please
help to Save SUNY. Public education is a
most worthwhile irtvestrtrcnt!

Sincerely.
.lay' Coltert

. Kids Are All Right

To the l~'.tlitor:

.\ltlt't.'ll rrtctttts tttidtcr'rtts. dreary wcatltcr
and lllltlrst'lltcsltfl slump; it also means the
beginning of Spring. podiatirtg and l'elclhort.
Rcrtrertrbct t'elctlrort'.‘ lclcthon is one of the
tctt SUNYA events that brings students.
factrlty and the courrrrutrtty together irt arr cf
fort to do sornctlting. worthwhitc. for twenty -
fottr ltortts SUNYA works together :tttd
shows just how rtrtrch a school of
"apathetic" sttrtlertts ts capable of gitttrg.

Since September. hundreds ot sttrtlcrtts
hate contributed countless hours arid rttttclr
money to make tltc Walkathort. Children's
llotrr‘s patties. l‘lctt Market. Book lit-
chttttgc, Breakfast itt Bcd attd many other
ctcttrs successful. lior those of you wtro ltave
helped w t\c tlttrttk yott. It is your support
that ttttrkcs l'clcthort possible.

During these months lteadittg up to
l'clctltort those of us intolvcd with tltc
children at Wildwood attd in the Big Brother»

........tr—..,...¢.M.a—--M .. .c e. .. . .

ave learned that kids are

Big Sister Program b

[truly “special gifts of love." If we can return

some of that love. we can only be better off.
So. in the next week or two. when you see a
sign advertising a sale or someone selling a
door prize chance for Telethon, take a
minute to give it some thought. Join us irt our
efforts to make Teletlton '80 a success.
Sincerely.
Marlene Michaelsort. Stuart Uruskin
Co-cltairpersorts. Telethon 'ttt)

CUE Is Trying

To the litlltur:

Over the past six years. I hate ltad the rare
opportunity to obserte the process or
undergraduate advisernertr at this uttivctsity
as botlt a student and ttott irt my role as at,
academic advisor at the Center tor
Urtdergradttate Education. l have seen both
the student's artd tttc ttthttlttistt'ttlitttt's
pctspcctitc arid have fortrtd the ttto to tv‘
quite different. I would like to share some or
rrry irrtptessions irt the hopes that they might
shed sortrc ligltt on the problcttrs that atlctt
bottt tltc srttdcrtts artd the stzrfl at (‘t'l .

(‘1le has been the rccipicrtr ol rutrch ttltttst'
otcr‘ thc pttst several ycars. llttrdly an issue ot
the .‘lSl’ comes rttrt tvitlrottt some ltCt’ttllH‘
words on the sttd state of atltrsctncrrt at
SUNYA. Corttplaittts hayc rrrost corrtttrottlt
bcctr aimed at the impersonal nature of ttd
visctrtcttt. tltc unavailability ot adtisors. lilL'
overwhelming crowds during pt c
registration. attd the lack ot concern on the
part of the (‘Ui-Z staff (to name a few),
Overall. tltt.‘ cortscttstts scents to be that ('1 it
is simply not delivering the scrticcs that it rs
rttattdatcd to deliver.

lltave come to believe that such sentiment.
do a great disservice to the sincere attempts
that are being made on the part of (‘UI‘ to

 

 

 

VtDltl'T

AFFECT ME.

 

 

 

 

k

deliver the kittd of quality advisement
stttdcttts demand, l.et tttc give ttto cottcrete
cxatttplcs of these attempts. to response to
student ittptrt and expressed cortcertt r'cgar-
ding the choice of a suitable attd appropriate
major. rt pt'ogratrt on “Choosing a Major"
was developed artd presented on botlt Col-
onial and State Quads. The response was
dismal; a total of fottr pcoptc attended both
nights. Although well-publicized anti aimed
directly at student's expressed needs. only
four people took the titttc and effort to
bertefit front this program.

A second example involves a series of quad
visits that each of the (‘Uli counselors have
been rtrakirtg over the past week or so. these
visits were art attempt on (‘UE's part to make
the adviscmcrtt process more personal artd to
give the advisors and opportunity to get to
know each of their students in a more relax-
ed ttrtd congenial atrtrosplrerc. Agairt. the tur-
rtotrt has been distrppointrrtg. to say the least.
I have sat for lltt'L‘L‘ ltottrs irt lounges on fotrr
or five quads with three people bcittg tltc
most to attend arty one session (No one at-
tcndcd on Altrtttrri or Indian. ortc on Dutch.
and lllt'CL‘ on State).

This to me is art outrage. We have all heard
tltc complaints arid now tltc adrrtinistratiort is
trying to do sorttctlting positive in response to
tltcrtt. But it takes more than ('UF's efforts
to upgrade ttrc quality of ads iscrrrcrtt. it takes
cach arid c\cty‘ student caring enough about
his education to take ttdt‘attttr ‘ ttf the pro-
grams attd opporttttritics available to ltirrr.
We .:an ttot do it alone! So plcasc. do not just
make idle complaints because it is tltc
faslriottnble tltirtg to do. lfirrd otrt \that (‘Ul:
is trying to do for yott artd take adtattttrgc of
it. Who knows. tttaybc you will find ottt that
we rcally do care after all!

lirica Robbirts
Acaderttic Advisor

Cinema Rebuttal

To the Editor:

ltt reading the ASP on Friday March 7.
test). I came across tr letter written by'a
Michael W, Cooper. 1 would like to rcsportd
to his criticism trt loner l‘ast ('irrctua, to
start off. he stated that i said thctc was
nothing that cotrld ltc done about the ortt of
foctrs picture. He said that i told lrirtt that the
focus was br'okcrr. To set the record straight.
I said no such thing. I said that the bttlb
wasn‘t operating efficiently enough atrd tltis
caused tltc picttrrc to bc ortt of focus. this
proltlcrrt was cot‘tcctcd the following rttor'n-
iltLl. Also Mt . ('ooper states that I told hint to
blame State l’ltttlt). This again is false. if Mr.
(.‘oopcr tcrrrcrrrbcrs correctly. the tttaciritte
that l was referring to was a cortrpletely dif-
fctcttt tnachirtc. the problems that we were
having with ‘s'tatc l’lroto t‘tlt‘ ttll cleared up. as
far as I‘m cottct'ttrcd.

Also. Mt. ('oopcr tornpltttncd about the
sottttd irr l (‘ 7. thi-. t ottltl be true, When pro
jct‘tirtg. it Is lnrrd to ttrr‘trttttttlitlt' cteryonc itr
lllt' | ccttttc t ‘crrtct. lt \\t.' make the sound to
ttrcct the standard . ot rln peoptc ttt the from.
the people itr the httr l. won‘t lrt' able to hear.
Hut trtoictriomsts tt\ to hard to they canto

 

 

 

 

 

 

rtraltc everyone h.tpp\. When we show .r
movie we try to t'lH‘ lllt brst show that t\c
can, t\hcthcr \\t' ll‘u‘ trttr' prorct'tor or two.
'l‘l‘t‘ is not ‘tt'\ ltlltrlt‘tl \kt- opctatt' ttlt tr
Itttttic to llttr\lt' hast». We do not how the
htttlgcl that Albany State ('irn-mtt has. We

“"16 gamer LEFi
N. rt It’rtt't, en‘s:

 

 

don‘t have ten thousand dollars to spend on
salaries arttl equiprrtent. Also. we are rtot
budgeted to lose $6000 tr year.

While inflatron is about 20 percent. Tower
l€ttst Cinema hasn't raised its admission price
irt about three years or so. even rltotrglr our
operating costs have skyrocketed. if Mr.
Cooper. the “movie cortoisseur." is such as
expert on motics as an art forttr. I will sort of
apologi/e for the poor show. He should.
howcter'. reatilc that we don‘t show movies
professionally. We try the best that we cart.
We are rtot tch U.A. llcllrttrtrt. artd for the
money. | fch the people are getting their
money‘s worth. He feels that orrr standards
for money are wrong. We try to lose as little
as possible. and make as tttttclt as we Clllt.
This is so we cart stay alive. If ttot. the
students of SUNYA will see whatever
poptrlat tttotics that ABC wants to show. For
this reason. i don‘t feel otrr standards are itt
tltc wrong place. the next time you wartt to
criltci/c a gtotrp on Cttlitlitls. Mr. Cooper. i
suggest that you get your facts straight.

Yours truly.
Peter 1’. lirtgel
Director. l'li(‘

Caps and Gowns

To the l-Zditor:

This is an opctt letter to all tho~c ttlto \till
be graduating in May Ivan. Due to thc (t\ctr
t\hclmitrr: support of thc t'lttss of 'ts’tt ( outr-
cil. leh. Board of Directors artd Student
Association. the l ollctt Sttbﬂ Bookstore has
agreed to boycott the ('otrcll and |.eort:trd
(‘ontptrrty' ttlticlr is currently engaged ttr a
labor disptttc. lltrs decision was illitttlt‘ alter
carefully r'cvicttirtg ittforrrtatiorr srtpplictl by
tile International ladies (irtrttrettt Workers
Union. (‘ott‘ell and Icorrtrtd ('o.. and the
preliminary litrdirrgs of the National l.tthor
Relations Board. the dispute cottccr'rts
charges of unfair labor practices. therefore.
it has bcctt decided that tltis ycat‘s caps artd
gowns will be provided by' the (If. Ward
Corttparty.

At this tirrtc. we wotrld like to urge all
seniors to order their caps and gowns without
delay. It is the responsibility of each scrriot to
orch his or her cap and gown troru the
University Bookstore before the Wednesday.
March 25111 dcadlitrc. Sirrcc each cap arttl
gtttvrr is being ordered irtdividtrally for each
senior. there will not he an opportttrtity to
purchase caps artd gowns after this date.

We would also like to thank the SllNY
l-'o||ett Bookstore lot successfully
cooperating with the Class ('otrttcil. U.A.S.
ltotrrd of Directors. artd tltc Student Assttcitt»
tiotr. itt order to provide titts important ser-
vice to stttdertts. ‘

Sincerely.
have Weintraub
I’rcsidcrtt. ('lass of Witt)

Snetiold
Chairperson. lt.A.S. Board of ltitcctors

 

 

 

Got A Complaint --
LetThe Campus

Community In On it --
Write A Letter

 

 

Rhetoric On Tbe’Home Front

Before one finds order in the nation. there must be order within one ’5 own foun-
daliarr.

The political merry-go—round of l980 has made its rounds and a sudden display of
campaign activism at SUNYA has blossomed. Hundreds of students have spent long
hours applying themselves to certain candidates and are pushing rigorously to put
their chosen dcmi-god in the presidential office.

We firtd this rather alarming. .lust lrow tnuclt truth can students actually deduce
front these men? Most have rtcver met them. How much can one grasp about
artother‘s character witltottt even a chance encounter? All we have to contend with is
the jumble of rhetoric artd slogans in brochures attd pamphlets spttn off to tlte
public. Artd we cltcck off what's rtice attd cross ottt what's bad. Tltey state what the
‘artdidatesujts' lte feels on rttost major subjects. Attd it must be the truth. He said it.
didn‘t be?

By now it sltoultl be qrrite cl -ar that a 'attdidatc will feed yott all the choice food
you crave. But ltotv rntrclt will be digested irtto reality? ‘

Students. your /.eal is powerful attd conttttcndal‘ile. bttt perhaps it would be better
to abartdort such question marks attd tackle issues right tterc at SUNYA. That‘s
where you cart really make the difference. This is wltcrc it counts for your present.
your fttturc. and those of your peers. Though it may be totrglt meat to swallow. the
SUNYA carttpaigns will probably make little. if insignificant. waves irt tltc overall
mayhcrtt. But a stronger ptrslt on the ltortrc front and we cart cross the finish litre.

Governor Carey has rel ‘ased a btrdgct calling for a 2ft l.tllilit)". 26 million. 20
million. that's correct. 26 million dollar cttt itt SUNY fttrtdirtg. it could wipe us out.
Artd he knows it. So he‘s teasing. Seeing ltow far he cart ptrslt us before tvc shout.
When we shout. hc'll withdraw. It‘s a sitttpl - artd quite common economic theory.
Ask your professors.

SUNYA board rules have just been increased. Has the food quality done the
saute?

Rapists are still floatittg around and hate already sltakcrt the human fibers otrt of
tnorc than thirty ferttalc students. Your peers. Student patrols. Task Forces. Escort
Services. all must tighten.

I could corttittttc.

Any .Iim or .lortcs will try artd persuade you itt politics. It‘s a simple. arid quite
cottttttott. political theory. Ask your professors. l.ct tltc candidates run their own
shows and let them gather willirtg followers who don‘t know the difference.

Artd let the educated be wary. watch. lL‘tll‘tt. and vote. And let tts figltt pt‘oblertts
which are staring at us between both eyes,

Tear up the propaganda: grub tl r'o/rt' o] I/tt' ltrtrlgt-I. II '.t' t'ltnt't' III (I r'etrlitv. Artrl
I/rcrr recruit.

 

 

xé- ._

Rich l. Bchur. I tltl-r' ttt t ‘lrrt-r
R. Brent Levy. Rob E. Grubmnn. Mrtrnrrttrn: lrlrtor.

Mn lrclt‘ lsrttcl
l.tllllrli tortttttrrto. ‘ﬁv‘lvro Sounders
Stuart lsitrrtrrrnto. liohO'lirnrn
Sit/arrow (it'thut
l’rrtrl Schwinn.-
lirtltlicllalitm'

News Editor

Associate News Editors
ASPects Editors

Associate ASPccts Editor
Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor
Editorial Pages Editor Steven ltoltntt
Copy Editor Aron “south
Stalin/filers: l‘ttr lilrlllit‘l.‘, Atnlrt'v. (Enroll llortrlrl l)rtrtrrttnrl. Mrltv l “('41. Moutt'trn (it-ottjt'. l.tl
(ioothnrur. l.turt/ l‘ittlrtr. Arrrt. ltvtrttlrt. intuition l\'olrrr. |)t'lrltn- lv'rrpl. litt'lr lyrvtslttte. Susan Mtiltttrtrt
Kathy l’t'ttllr. .lt'il .‘st‘lnnloll. lir‘llr prom. Mtlo‘ Wilhtttttsort aninc 81 Preview Editors: (‘ttltti
Vttllt. rirllttlt’ Hit’tlt
Debbie Kopl. Business Mononut
Advertising Manager Stcvc Goltistt'tn
Billing Accountant

Assistant Accountant
Composition Manager

. . l.tsrt Aplilt’ihlllllt
l’n'tttrru lirowrt. Mtrtrrrn Ritsrrlt'r
Flori (iltu'clu'rt

Sales: lirth ‘tt homnor'r [in It St-lrosvm Clnsatiﬂcd Manager: Robin Block Compooltlon: Mrltc
Mr Donald, Martt- [hunt in. Manly/tr Mosltowtt/ Advertising Production Manager: Sue
llturstnott Advertising Production: lithth livrt'lsott. Mrlllt' Altltt‘ (falttvrto, 'I'ntnrrry (icigcr. Joy!
(itliti‘tlt'lll l’t‘nrty tirr'crrstt'ut. littth Mtllstit'lt. Mtltv Mr [Jttrrrrtt|. .iou l’rt'lt-t. Steve Robins Ofﬁce
5m": Iiortttit' Stt't/t'tts, H'tt-Vt' ltolrtrts

Eric Kull. Vincent Aiello. l'ttttllttlltttt fifttlrttgt'rtt
Elisa”: Beck. Lisa nottgiorrto. Joy Friedman. Assor'trtlc Production Murmur-n.

Dave Bt'tlirlllllll
Marilvn Motnrw

Vertical Camera
Typist Extraordinaire

Paste-up: ‘itrt' lit‘tllttllrllt. lit‘tlll lit't/ Marie ltoltrnro. Typisttti: ltost'ttnrrt,r l‘t'ttttrtt. Mtitlt‘
tinhttrtt r. 5t‘ttlt'lltlrt'l i'iit'lll l)t'lrhn- loolr. l)t'ltlltt' .‘vlrtllet. Ztttt .‘ittrltl irltlllt' Wriltt'ts Pro-
nlrcntlcrb: litttht'l t‘ttlrt'tt. Hurt l.tt illt‘ll‘rlt‘til liohrrt l .rtrrstt'ttr. Arnold lit‘ttil Cltnuilour: 'l'ottt
Hoirrnr ‘
Photography. l.tr'rlrltt‘rl [ltlltt‘tltttllt’ hp Iitttrtt'lttrt' l'lnrtu .‘vr'trrttr-
Photographers: itottrmo Kutalottl. tub I contort Alan Cult-tn. l-errt t‘lr.rrr. prov. l"u'tt. f‘ltitt'
I'tlllt‘ii. Morlt ll.r|t'|;. Mort llortst'ht'l. ltrrvt Morlrsott, Htovt- i‘t‘ttno t‘oroltsrt Ht'tltpsttlt. ‘srrrm
‘itt'ttrlttrrrrp, ‘rrrtt litrvlor, 'l'trrtv 'l'ttssttrtrltr. thl ‘r‘tttttnnt
'I'Itt' Alltrrrrtr .‘rttttlt'rtt I'lt'h‘n ts pttltlrsht'rl t‘llt'lt ltwsrlot tttt-l ltttftt\‘ cfltlttryt tln' sthtrttI t‘t'ttt ltu iflt’
llllnttrt .‘rtttrlt'rrt l'n‘ss (.‘orportrtiorr. otr rrnlr-trt‘rnlr rtt not for trtottt trrrru-trtrtorr lrlttonrtts trn- tltllllt't'
htt lltt' l door In l'lrtr‘], poln‘tr t-, with rt to tt‘t‘lr'lt' lttv tln' I tililtlltlf Iltnnrt Mrrr‘lrrnr .itt'ttrcss

Allttltltt .‘ittrtlt'trt f’lt'tta. 1? ' .‘iﬁf‘l. liltltl ll/rrslirntttott Arn- . NY lif".'.’.'?



' ‘ ##MM

 

 

 

 

 

._ ,._._.___._.—-—...._,____.___._._

 

