 

,4

   

.S'L”:: 2.2.1:“:- mm-
a. mum...

 

W
. s.“ “Wm...”-

  

a..-“

...'..-_..-o.....-_..._ . 1 _.

 

Aspects

 

Feature

, .t'P'anef5a

 

Page. 4o - “

' o't Licks of Eu horia ' .

 

 

[Fridays were her worst days; Just having her ,' “asylums” and giggled inwardly) as mercan-
lfour toughest classes would have been bad tilism. capitalism and Christianity.
'enough; but compounding that misery was the "Old man," Eb began In awe-struck yet in-
four hours in the library — that insufferable quisitive reverence, for the white-haired sage
‘ library where tiresome freshmen Would go to was quite a sight to behold — particularly on a
“ask those routine question52Where to find the muggy Friday'afternoon —- bundled up like
lReaders' Guide: the men's room; the PDR; that in a dark, ugly olive-green trenchcoat,
: and bleak seniors, ebban into their futures. to “this deposit of oil, you have seen It? Tell me,
read the Times (she would spy: front page first old man." Eb began to fidgei In deserved ap-
or crossword?) or to Xerox notes — which prehension. V
came at precisely the wrong time of the day _ But once inside. it was easier to cope with; -
the hottest hour, 2 p,m, _ and twat/'10 Ho, the library. to Flo, became each time, a vault,
it seemed at] too much; ' a magic retreat where rules w'ere followed,
Eb and Jack were to|d by the Very old and calculus worked and logic reigned. For Flo,
very wise man with the long and |mpresstve this structured sanctuary was the hurricanes
white beard who was sitting In his own urine eye: the (“Illness arid mad Pace 0! out there!
on Quail St. that their journey would soon end " Tandom and mercurial " COUld b9 organll‘
and they would indeed be able to rest assured at! info Sublech author, and title: letters and
that somewhere in the immediate and un- numbeﬂ COUM be USP-d together ‘0 quanmy
charted vicinity there liesa deposit of Standard and lo mOdlfi/i Like a ilme‘released drug fln’
Oil waiting with untrammeled patience to be ding “5 way ""0 her system. the 500!h!n9
extracted from the asphalt-covered eanh on 53‘1099 Of the library CBImEd FIO- becomlng
which they stood, more rapid and more thorough as its proper—
You see it was Good Friday and all the gas “85 became manifeSt.
stations in Albany were closed. “Don't be so eager. sonny." the modern
She would have liked. Just once. to have day oracle replied and even Jack began to feel
been able to spend a Friday, barefoot and uneasy struck by the notion that the old man
aimless, with nothing better to do (though was either delirious or under the impression
there was always something better to do, she that Eb was an ltallan,
knew), than fling a frisbee or partake in that au “Please don't call me sonny. sir, we are in a
Currant podium ritual without dwelling on hurry." Eb managed amidst blinking and
such abstractions as “four-poInt-oh” or hands-indhe-pocket anxiety.
“gee-are-ee"; but Flo accepted her presllced Having no cause to differ frorn the usual
lot as all good Catholic girls do: believing in, it stream of Fridays, this day progressed along
having been firmly Implanted years before, the usual sequence of bumps and ridges then,
without challenging —- at least outwardly — a break. a lull (the 3:15 lull). a mimtte to take a
that Ideology which has bore from its fecund mental coffee break; take a human peak at the
loins such honorable institutions (she thought cold walls. conspicuously devoid of anything

 

The Student Notebook

,

Friday Observer

AIIOCI‘IGI‘

With commencement ceremonies about a
month away and warm weather beginning to
make podiating a daily pasttime. several
severe cases of senioritis have been spotted At
SUNYA. The class of 1980 will shortly be only
a memory, but we refuse to fade out quietly.
Not without an official senior song. at least. So
seniors, clip this and save -— it is our unifying
anthem as we struggle through the last month.
Sung to the tune of Pink Floyd's “Another
Brick in the Wall."

We can't wait ‘tll graduation.
Had our fill of RCO.

Enough of higher education.
it only made our minds real slow

Hey! You! Professor!
Leave my ass alone!

London Calling

“Maybe the sun gave me the power; i could
swim Loch Lomond and be home in half an
hour . . . "i went to Edinburgh this weekend.
and fell in love with Scotland.

i once bought a trilobyte fossil in Nevada
because l wanted to have, in my possession,
something that was 300 million years old. But
i could never really Identify with that. How do

oldest thing you can think of? Even
Gunsmoke isn't more than thirty years old.
l've never been an anthropology fan, but
when you're there with the castle and the
original relics, and an Official Guide Book tell-
Ing you the stories of the great and not so
great, of the bloody seiges and the giant feasts.

history of the thing.

i want to build a castle. Now i know that
sounds silly, but We put a lot of thought into It
in the last few days, and I don't think it would
take more than a million dollars or so. plus the
land, to build a stone castle with some nice
Wooden floors and big tapestries for the wall.
And Indoor plumbing, too. A kitchen. a big
long table for the Great Hall, and a secret
passageWay or two from the King's Chambers
t6, the wine cellar. Or maybe the guest

 

 

it is very easy to get absorbed by the sheer ' '

All i want is to
Not come back in the. fall

Firtals. papers. incompletes,
Last assault on our minds

Doing work is really beat
Seems to be a waste of time

Hey! You! Professor!
Leave my ass alone!

All l want is to

Not come back in the fall

Accounting maiors, three piece suits
Forget Big Doms, think Big Eight

Soon we'll all be grumpy coots
Payin' taxes. ain't it great

chambers

i want to build it on the face of a cliff that has
the waves smashing against the bottom. I want
to get up in the morning, look out of the tower
window. and breathe in some fresh sea air. i
want to look out of the window of the Great
Hall, over breakfast, at the sheep roantlng
over the fields, grazing lazily. i want to fire the

you visualize 300 million years? What's the old cannon on New Year‘s Day or some other

suitable occasion. And i want the Great Foun-

     

1

    

 

Hey! You! Professor!
Leave my ass alone

All i want is to

Not come back in the fall.

(This verse Is sung by a choir of one hundred
Dutch Quad JAPS)

We'll return to old Lawn Guyland
Marry boyfriends for their bucks,

We'll be rich and never silent
Go to shrinks and say life sucks

Hey! You! Anyone!
Touch my ass l'll sue!
All and all l'm just
Far too good for you

Castles In The Sky

rain to run with wine when there's a party go-
tng.

Now don't think l‘m getting ridiculous. i
don't want any crown towels or anything,
although a stercophonic video projector
would be nice for the Chapel. I just want a
place to live that will be here when l die. That
will be here when my children die. That will be
here if the fire balls from the nuclear holocaust
gut every building in the world,

Bob. QiBrian. and "St! a Gerber

uric

anyone might possibly call, without fear of be-
ing instantly rebuked, art. provided her with
the chance to do just that. The steady flow it!
denimed youths, eager to carve out their little
niche in the receding hairline of individuality.
dissolved into the background like a fading
photograph. dimmed by unrelleved memorim;
or perhaps by too-frequent handling. Through
the haze she found a face and focused in on
that face; it was a perfect face. wonderfully
alive, In the midst of the decay. '

Eb was growing impatient and tired from the
premature spring heat. He looked around. liit
ding no consolation in the pitch-black prwu
meni that with the sun had sired a walrsrinll's
mirage only thirty feet away. The old man. on
couraged by the attention and intrigue that Is
afforded him and others of his like by tin.- gmre
of thelr age and lot, continued.

"You can't be too eager to find the Slfillvlrtttl
Oil. You must have patience, and these din/m
patient person is rare."

“Very rare," chimed in Eb.

"Well done," observed Jack as he boarded
a SUNY bus headed uptown, in search of
something that promised to be longer lasting
titan a busride, or even an old man.

And in a flash, eyes met, clashed. and
averted no r'nore. To Flo. it was more than jrnt
a stormy stare; all those pent-up hope-a and
dreams of a thousand years being unleashed
and their collective strength proved too much
to contain the floodwall.

Eb noticed the librarian was staring at him
Unsure how to proceed, he squared hit,
shoulders and walked up to her and asked
with a serious face, where he might find tin:
men's room.‘ 0

 

 

 

 

So we're leaving good ol SOOONYA.
l'm sure it hates to see us go

Hopin' that real life don't ruinya
Think of what we've paid to know.

Hey! Vince! O'Leary!

Hand that sheepskin out!

All and all it's just a

'noiher plaque on the wall. . . '0

Richard Schenkman

 

But l won't see it as a monument to myself
l'm just thrilled by the idea of being responsiblr’
for something that will last so long. We HIWIW“
had strong ideas about posterity. In grade
school my friends and l Would always discuss
what should go into a time capsule. Once
when we were having an addition built on in
my house i took a letter, some clippings. and
some cash. put them into an envelope. and
made sure it was sealed into the wall. The idea
that somebody would. in a long, long tinru.
read it, intrigued me, And it still does,

Somebody will come across the gutted ri'
mains of my ruined castle, and Siiy,"Wli<ll
really went on here? What did they do? What
did they like? How did they come to build this
Incredible place?" The same questions | .r‘tki'll
when i saw the Scottish ruins. 'i'he uni-s- iiml
made me want to build a castle.

Who knows, maybe if l‘m the one who
builds the castle, who lives in it. and Wltr) dim
Seeing it still being redesigned and improved.
I'll know the ansWers to thoso questions i post
ed about Margaret's or James' castles. I'll have
a piece of that great Posterity that floods my
lho“Sins when i sit in a castle and just itn
agine. .

 

— I wouldn't care to do this in mi I

   

The Old Gra Ma or"

 

Albany's citizens first voted 32 year-old
Erastus Corning If their mayor in 1941
and have been re-electing him ever since.
Corning swears by the job: “i love it.
l'm always active, doing a lot of different
things. l'm in a position to help people.
Albany is small enough so you can see
most of the people who want to sue you

n

Jill Haber

Cornlrrg's interest in politics 'tcms- from
his family history. The first Comings
came to America in the 1600's and have
lived in Albany since 1812, Corning's
great grandfather, Erastus Corning l,
served as mayor from 1834 tc i837 and
his father Edwin was New York's lieute-
nant governor in the late 1020's. The
family made its fortune in railroads and
real estate in the 1800's.

Coming from a Wellvto-do first family
background, Corning wont to private
boarding schools as a youth. He received
his college education at Yak! where he
studied history, government. attd math.
After graduating Phi Beta Kappa, he
went into the insurance business, but at

 

     
   

the age of 25 was elected to the State
Assembly. He moved on to the State
Senate. serving a total of six years in state
government, but Corning soured on
legislative work.

“i learned in the legislature that if you
do one good thing a year it's an ac—
complishment. I had a good chance at
governor once, but l had no interest in it.
You’ve got a peculiar mixture of

 

 

 

 

 

 

0.. a-de “uranium

 

 

   

'\

He Is What He Used

Reflecting‘on his career as mayor. Cor-
ning says he can't think of any major
decision he would have made differently,
including his entering the military during
World War if when he could have filed
for an exception. “if i thought about

philosophy and support being an upstate
Democrat. Democratic support ls_from
New York City but the philosophy is
upstate."

So Corning found his niche as mayor
and has remained there long enough to
make him the longest-tenured mayor in
the country. in the decades at the beginn-
ing of this century. Albany was a solidly
Republican town. Then. Democrats lead
by party boss Dan O'Connell, charging
the Republicans with corruption, rousted
lircli opponents from power in the 1921
elections. The Democrats made the city a
party stronghold and have not relinquish—
ed it since.

When O'Connell, who chaired the
Albany County Democratic Party died in
December of 1977, Coming assumed
party leadership for the remainder of  H
O'Conncll's term saying he would step  r
down when the term expired. But after  ,a'
successful surgery on an arthritic hip 
joint. Corning changud‘hls mind, forced
out rival Charles Ryan and was elected
to the chairmansl‘rip.

Corning declares; "For reasons which 1
have kept to myself. I decided it was bet-
ter for me to be courtly chairman than
him My health improved and i stayed
on."

in the three years since O'Connell's
death. Corning has consolidated the
Democratic party in this urea under his support for the handicapped
leadership. The Albany machine, instead He ruiterirtus his pledge that no studi'nt
of dying out like similar organizations will be evicted in the middle of at semester
which once ran New York City and because of violation of tin! .trrtigmupcr
Boston has remained in power over the law which stipulates that no morn than
last Sixty years by a patronage system of three unrelated people may shun: an
granting city jobs and allegedly granting apartment. “l haven't had one student
prr‘furcniinl property tax assessments. housing complaint in two months 'l‘ln-

Yet Corning, who leans forward over antivgrnupcr law is really for safciy's sake.
the desk top when tln! subject is politics. l‘d have a war on my hands in certain
claims he has no interest in political sections if il were rcpcalml."
power, Safety is an issue that has been raised

“Politics is a game like golf — you play by some women students requesting fin-
to win. l have fun with it. There's nothing suspension of alternate side of the street
1 want out of it, i love the city, the people. parking regulations so that they do not
the Democratic party. i have a good have to walk as for totheir homes at night
time." in neighborhoods where rapes have been

He admits, however. that being mayor reported. Corning maintains that some of
does have its drawbacks occasionally: these regulations have been modified so
“You get tired sometimes before the day that they are in effect only one night a
is out. And you're always in a sweat week, but he can not be specific about
about money — there's never enough where the changes have been made.
money to run this city. There are always “The police are trying to catch this rapist.
problems of administration when a large Fortunately he‘s not the most violent one
number of people are responsible to We ever heard of."
you." Corning declares that he's in favor of

         

.- a J
details. though. l'm sure there are some
things i would have handled differently."
Corning names his most dramatic ac-
complishment in office as conceiving the
financing plan for the South Mail, a pro-
ject which he originally opposed.
Currently his primary CUHCL’TH‘» inchrdu
providing quality housing and continuing

 

 

 it
'I'oBe ’

students voting in their college com-
munities, including Albany, but admits
that there are problems with state laws
against it.

The mayor leans back in his chair when
he talks about his personal life. He is pro-
ud of his wife's and his children's ac-
complishments. Corning met his wife
Elizabeth over the summer of 1930 in
Maine. She is an avid honiculturalist and
was once president of the Garden Club of
America. -

Their daughter shares her mother's in-
terest in plants. She majored in botany at
Cornell and is working on a doctoral
degree at the University of Maryland.

Her older brother, Erastus lll. followed
his father's-footsteps to Yale where he
studied Russian and later became in-
strumental in implementing airline service
between New York and Moscow.

Corning shares some of his wife's love
for gardening but prefers relaxing by
fishing, bird watching, and collecting anti-
ques. His enthusiasm for reading about
history is still strong and he pulls a copy of
the earliest biography of Aaron Burr from
a desk drawer. “As you get older. you
learn that things are not what they c-r-.em.
it's important to do a lot of inquiring
around. it's important to learn from
history." '

Corning is already assured it place in
history by virtue of his ten terms as

 

  

. . ‘» . \
mayor. Although he began his current
term by saying it was his last, he now says
he's undecided 'about seeking another,
But if one can judge from history. if he
runs agains. Albany will continue to be
Corning's domain. 0

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

