strum.“ mama ‘

-2”. Wu... ~2~

 

 

Lacrosse Team Wins

See Page 22

Spikers. Roar Into Playoffs; Overwhelm Cornell

 

by Ken Cantor

In an E.C.V.L. best three out of
ﬁve match Saturday afternoon, thel
Albany State men's volleyball team,
defeated Cornell University three.
games to two. The match. staged at
Albany's University 'Gym, provided
the mixed partisan crowd with an'
exciting afternoon of volleyball. ‘
The win assured Albany of a
playoff berth, which will start to-
night at Princeton. After this vic-
tory, Albany went on to defeat Cor-
tland in three games by scores of
15-9, 15-7, and 15-4.

The first game saw Albany forge
to a 4-0 lead, with Rob Harrington
serving up four straiqu points.
Albany lost the serve. but tltey
regained it and raced to an 11-2

 

lead. A lot of Albany's effec-
tiveness cottld be attributed to the
net play of Hoch Nusinov and
Devon Lockley. However, Cornell '
came back to score tett straight.
points and take a l2-ll lead. At tltis
poittt, according to the Albatty,
State teattt tnattager Brian Becker. ,f
“Our tcattt was'not blocking well at
all." However, the outside pltty of
Captain Gary Becker and Lockley

captured the final fottr points of tltc '
game for Albatty, attd tltc Dancs'
won by a score of 15-12. Beckett

won the last poittt with an
“overhead roof," to an empty spot

itt Cornell‘s forecourt.

Tltc Albany State \olleybull tetttn tttltnttt'i-d to the playoffs oitlt their win

(H or Cornell Saturday . (l'ltoto: I)tl\t' Asher)

ltecket' continue ltis outstanding net
play befotc suffering a leg injury,

with the score tied at seven. The in- '

jury was diagnosed as a possible
sprain. When asked about the in-
jury and his team’s performance,
Becker replied, “It's a day to day
thing. 1 hope I'll be ready for the

playoffs on Tuesday night“,
'However, 1 was very impressed by

our team's performance. After 1
went out with the injury in the se-
cond game. we stacked off some but
came backin the fourth and ﬁfth
games. Gettc Sosiak and Devon
Lockley did an excellent job in fill-
ing ill for the."

After Becker left, Cornell reeled
off six straight poittts to jutttp to a
13-7 lead. Albany called a tinteout
to try to regroup, but they fell short
by a score of lS-lf).

The third game was won by Cor-
nell, 15-12. Bob Alters and Gene
Sosiak played well itt this setbttck
for Albtttty. However, according to
Albatty volleyball coach ‘l‘ctl Earl,
“Cornell is a very tottglt tenth. They
were especially good itt tltc cttrly
gatttcs, however, they seemed to tire
towards the end of the match. One
major r atom for our victory was
ottr decision to change our serving
techniques. Instead of serving to
any general are as we did ettt'ly ill
the thatch, we started to serve to
specific spots. ‘l'his sccttted to con-
fttsc Cornell. In addition, (‘orncll
was cheating up the court. ltt order
to compensate for this, we started
to dink our shots to tttc deep cor.
net‘s."

Albany displayed tttcsc ncw

Danes Rip Ivy Leaguers 15-2 In
Fifth Game; Head To Princeton Tonight

techniques as they started gtunc
four by scorittg eight straight
points. Albany showed their ability
to eottsistetttly break Cornell‘s
serve. They did this by having Harr-
ington and Nusittov position
themselves on one sideline of the
court. Harrington Would then set
up the serve for a Nusihov spike.
“After losing Becker, it took us a
wltile to get back ittto the game,"
said Nusinov. "However. Alters
did a good job itt getting the ball to

the center to set up shots." Cornell V
eatne hack to close the gap to 12-10.

However, with Sosiak slamming a
cross-court shot for the final poittt,
Albany won the game l5—10.

The rubber game of the thatch
featured Sosiak scoring five straight
poittts front tltc ttct. Albany reeled
off a total ol' 15 straight poittts, as
they defeated Cornell 15-2. Albany
captured the matchpoint on an
ttnsportstnttttlikc conduct penalty
against Dave Dibbs of Cornell.
When asked about his team‘s pct-
t'ormancc, Earl rcplicd, “It was a
grcttt victory. We I'L‘ttll)’ pttllcd
together for this big win. It was an
especially good will because we lost
Gary licckct’ and were still able to
come through with ttte victory. I
was cspccittlly ltttppy with ltoh
Allct"s ability to come itt ttttd tttkc
over llcckcr's outside position, Rob
Harrington also played a key tolc itt
our victory. He made the difficult
plays look very easy. I hope wc’t‘c
ttblc to keep up the good \\’t)l k when
the playoffs begin."

Softball Squad Rolls Along After Three Victories

by Marian Welsettfcltl
The ultimate shut—out. but then
season opener on litidny. tttc

'\utlltt.'ll"s softbttll tchttt decided to

take the field by storm. and tttcy
shut-out l.eMoyhc with an mutt/tug
31-0 witt. Albany softball coach Lee
Rhcnish‘s squad dominated itt hit-
tittg and fielding from the onset ol‘
the game and by the cttd oftite sisth
ittttittg Rhettish pttt itt all of her
highly talented substitutes.

'l'ttc Danes then continued to roll,
travelittg to Binghatnton oh Satttr»
day and coming away with a 16-1.
l6-9 doubleheader sweep.

Even itt the first inning against
LcMoyttc, it was obvious that tttc
Danes tncant business. With the
phenomenal pitching of Lois Fer—
rari, who allowed at minimal
amount of hits throughout the three
innings sttc pitcltcd, and especially
with the help of Lori Cohen's triple
iii the bottoht of the first inning,
Albany httd raced to a 10-1) lead.

In the second ittttittg, l-crrat'i held
l,cMoync to one ttit. l‘hch, during
the bottom of the sccot ii, a spec-
thculnt cntch ottt ltl ccntctltcld by
l.cMoyttc ended it l’ivc-ttth Albzthy
scotittg dtivc.

“y, In; lllt.’ tttost outsttttttltttt' tltltr
III)! out. the tltittl, tllll “11' which l't‘l
tint 'ttnt'l. ottt butters lot I..-
Mosm-‘s ttt~.t nod tttttd outs.
Album“. ttntd buscmtttt. Nhttt'y
llull-utztn, (.tttt'ttt .t ilttt' {llle' lot' tltc

second out. Also in nus thhmg- ltlk'
l)nttcs shorted \llltt‘tlt lttllttlg'
:tbilitics. lcttntt. Kathy (‘ttttttolo,
llollotan. ('nthy

lttl/attto. Couch. ttttd Sttc Scttttltnttn
were ob proyidn 3: good hits. but it
was the tuo io-thc-pnt k home thus.
onc cttctt by chtcttct l tntttttc
Lilltltltly' and ltlsl bust-math t‘tnol
\Vllllily‘s‘. tttht htyrhlh-htctl tttc ittn-
ing. lloth y'IL'ttl nits tolled ottt to thc
cchtctl'icld l’cttcc thtd ttddcd tntcc
thus, ltt'itty‘itty! tnc scotc up to 25-0 t
by the close of the bunny. it has
during this inning that one of tire
spectators cothtttchtcd to Rttchistt.
"You got it boostct for your fitst
gtttttc!" She l'tttittgly tcplicd, “We
tttke ‘cttt :ttty nay he can,"

At the top or the lttttlllt inning
Rttcttish sytitcttctl lltigtrs to the pit-
chittg position and l’etrttti took
met at shottstop. lltiggs caught I,c-
Moync's t‘itst tut which came
sttztight back to the bo\. A lly bttll
hit to cchtctftcld was caught by'
(‘ohch lot the second ottt. lltlggs
tttch walked the third bnttct, who
was tagged out by llollottttt ht
tuitd. l.cl\lo_vttc tolloyycd up this
tltit‘d promising of their hitting.
Cttlllttttly'tt. \\iltt lltt.‘ bcst t'tcldmg
they ‘,Itit\\t.‘tl ttll hftctnoott, lttcy
held the “ultra to lllt'll 1574) lctttl.
bttt choyhc'» "ttttty'tt" didn't last
tot long. I V

llctwccn lllt.‘ fifth and styth tutt-

,.,,,,,,,mvd on punt! .‘tt‘l't‘lllt't’ll

 

 

g potent hitting, good pitching. and to

A!“

It l'lt'ltllt'tt. "It: Allin") Sltltt' \ttttttctt's snt‘ttnttt l'uttt rolled
tltret- \lt:tttt'ies: Ill-t) otcr l.t-Moytte and Hot and lit—9 ott-r lllttghntuloh, (Photos: Alittt ("alt-ml

 

 

 

dug-“.mn.‘ .ﬁs-w.4 . .

 

Senate 

 

:t ..--
54.':lllr

 

oves SU N Y Cuts ‘

GOP Voted Agains_t Cuts; Democrats Sided With Carey

by Laura Florentine

ill a surprise turnaboot yester-
day, the New York State Senate
voted against restoration of
SUNY‘s l980-8l budget.

Altltottglt the State Legislature
voted to restore almost fully the
proposed budget on April 1.
Governor Hugh Carey's vcto ot' the
revised budget on April 4 tttade the
legislature vote ineffectual.

III a vote clottdcd by political
thattcu\crs, the Sctttttc Dctttocrttts
sided with Carey while the
Republicans voted for tltc restora-
tiott of tltc budget. ()h tltc crucial
role cttll tltc override wtts l'ottr votes
short of the 40 ttccdcd.

Carey's proposal for the ‘tiO-ltl
budget included it two percent
t'itttmcittl cttt to affect all state-
funded scctots, and an additional
Ll” to tltc SUNY sy'stcnt, tcsttltittyI
tII .t tothl 520.] itttiltott tttd tlcctcttsc.

.»\ccotditu' to SASU tcpt'csch-
l.l'|\s' littth t 'tohih, tltc Democrats

n.td pktycd “putty Dolillyfs \\l|l|

lttt‘ Rt'pttltlictttts in an cllott lo

"tort c lllt‘ Rt‘lttlltllcittt‘. to hcgotttttc

Fun-y

if

Wall in -\|b:m Student I'Ph\ ( :xrp

 

 

 

Slate \ nitrnity "1"" \ork 11 \lhalt}

 

it

 

 

 

\\ittt Carey."

The Democrats wattt tltc
Republicans to pass the tc\ettuc
portion of the budget to raise an ud-
diliottttl revenue for the state
because Carey claims tltc state does

defected and broke t'ttnks‘ I'totn tltc
party line. Those were Senators
Bernstein, Herman, and Witllkttw.

After flooding ()hrenstcins' of-
fice with calls attd putting pressure
on legislators for weeks, Cronin is

 

u tstosmos or

i 
s

heft—t

 

ttot hnyc enough thottcy, sttid
(‘tottitt.

Accotdttty.I to (‘tottih tltc
l)t.'l|ttts't:tl\ \otcd .It’tllttsl SllNY
\\'cdttcst|tty to totrc tttc
Rk‘lllll‘ilt'illls to ttpptoyc tc\chttc
stttttttn'.

"lly holding ttte bttdcct tto.t:t,t.'c
and St lNY 1|osl;t,t‘t',l|lL’ Rt'pttbltcntts
' snid
('tomh, ‘lhcy the ll‘»t|l,t' n~. its it
poltttml lootbttll.”

uctc lotccd to ttcttotintt-,'

\‘t'tltlt‘stliﬂ‘S |)ctnot't.tttc lllttt’b
ily'dltl'd HllNl, lltt\\t'\t‘|. tltdtt't
lol:tll\ clithitttttc chztttrcs to tcstotc
the budget, lly Ittyy. lltt‘ Sctmtc czttt
yotc ngttto ttll :t (unctttot's \cto.

lloytcyct, ttll lltttlstltt) Scnattc

ltl‘tttlttt'ily lctttlct Wtzttctt Atttls'l‘nttt

turned that the budget bc tccon»
sidctcd ttot itt tt littc by ltttc fitshtoh,
but us it whole.

lttc l)ctnoctnts, especially Sctttttc
minority leader Mitttttcd ()ltltlttsr
tcitt :thtl Scnntc ltt'pttty tnioottty
lettdct tzttttunnucl (told. tl'tltt‘tl Inttt
tttc SllNY butlch ltc constricted
scphrntcly.

Anderson refused to scpntntc
SUNY ftoth tttc bttdtlct :ttttl tttc thit-
jority voted to side with ltltlt.

ltt kccpihg nlottg sttnigtu patty
lines tltc Democthts sttppottcd
('atcy's stand and rejected the en-
tire budget. Only 3 Democrats

still tt|1|itltls|ls‘.

“As l‘ot lllt' Ncyy \otk litttly't'l.
tcstothttoos the out, lloncyct. :tn
hpptoptihtton ltlll r.tn be ltllltttlllt'
ed 111 the Senate and /\\'»t‘|ttl\ly.
\\'c'\c you support; cyctyooc
\ytttttcd Sl‘Nl ttttil he can still yet
' lIL' sttid.
llIt' t.tttutn:ttioh-. ol lltt‘ ltlttlt'l‘l

tttc tuoncy,‘

cuts itt terms of revenue sltarittg and
program cuts tltrougltottt the state,
however. is devastating, includittg
the inunincnt threat of layoffs
of approximately 5,000 state
employees- whotu Carey has
thteattted to fire to help balance the
budget. As reported by tltc the
Associated Press, tltc Governor has
said SR7 of them will have to be let
go by new week, htostly' front ttgctt-
cics or ol't‘ficcs for which he or the
legislature hate cttt ofl' funding.

And for the legislators and
('tttcy. tttctc is the knowledge tltttt
sctious talks on the state budget
may dtag on for another tttonttt,

ltt :tddition, local officials, spott-
sors ot' tltc arts. tltc ngcd. as well as
youth ptogthttts tltttl otnct rcci
ptcttts ol stntc hid \\1ll tt‘ltlttltl tn
lttttbo tt~ tvt ittst lltt\\ tltllt‘lt ItItIIl
they \\Ill be ttlttlltlt‘tl.

ltl it tyttttcn sltllt‘tttt'lll, t'htc\
Htnttb tc~.potttlctl to the cuts. “l
t;tkc no ‘tilll‘tlilt'llttll ttt ltttu sttthty'lc.
ltn' tllt'lt‘il‘vt'tl .tpptopttnltons | \\.ts
tuttcd to two new lot dcsttttblc,

l‘\t‘ll lll't'k'w'ull} lllttt'l-Illls

6mm naxn 'I9A

0861 ‘81 ttJdV

 

 

CSI, Plus/Minus Grading chatcd

by Debbie l\opl'

lltc llniy‘ctstty Scnhtc, lll ttn ill"
tivc tlt‘ltttlc lttst l\lohd:ty :tltcthooh,
tccotnthctttlcd tltc lttttt‘rplttttttss'tl
tuttjot itt (‘otttptttct Scicth‘c .‘ltltl itt»
ttodttccd n ptoposnt to iii-.tithtc it
plus/tttihtts gttitlitu' systcm.

lttc new .ttztjot n tomptttct
Scicttcc, which hits pit-.sctl by :t
\oicc \otc, tcottttcs n tttittitttttttt o1
4t] ctcdits itt spcciltt. (otttptttct
Science and lyltttttcnttttics couttcs
for h llztcltclot o1 Sctcttcc tlcgtcc.

Students may begin to dcclzttc
Iltitjttls in ('othputct Scicttcc as
soon as the lcgisltttioh is signed by
President ()‘l,c.'tt\‘. It will pto
bably take effect itt lltL' t'ttll 19th)

Mag Editors Make Illegal Profit

by Susan Milligan

According to an Albany Public
Libra y etnpltiyce, tltc editors of
SUNYA’s "lint Scr/ottsb' Folks...
I/lt‘ humour magazine " have
violated tltc library's lending policy
in tttcit ptofits-dit'cctcd screening of
two Albnhy l’ttblic Librttty movies
lttst wcck.

the editors, Scott lienjtnhin ttttd
Mhtk |.ttbntkitt, showed tltc l'ilttts
“Modcth l'itucs" tthd
“llinvctnttut‘s (‘ohdchscd ('t'ctttn of
ltcntlcs" on chmpus last weekend,



the huhtour Ittaghzt'ne

Hmnol' c/It'lorx charged (II/It1l\‘\'ittlt
for viewing ll I’tlh/I't' Library/ill".
_.__..__________.____

at tltc price of $1 per ticket, $.75
witlt tnx card. Benjamin said tltcy
were trying to raise money to meet
SA's‘ dcsigtttttcd “income line" for
tltc orgtttti/tttion.

Itchjatnin and l.hbntkih botlt
stated they were unaware tltht
charging adtttission was illegal
until liirdtty ttltcrhoon bcl'otc lltL'
Friday L'VL'ttllll! showing.

“We ttcvet signed it cotttt’ttct shy;
ittg we couldn't charge :ttltttissiott,”
sttitl l,tt|)ntkitt. “We found ottt l’ti»
day ttl'tctnooh we weren't supposed
to, but we tutd to pay lot the plo-
jcctionct ttnd hdvcttising. So he of-
licittlly' set a “tcconhtn-tnlcd doha»
tiott pticc."

Ah Albhtty' l‘hblic lilntttitth
shid hc ‘lttotificd the gtonp its soon
its ttc letttttcd of tttc :ttlhtission
policy and ttskcd tltctn to tctuttt ntty
ticltct money :tltcndy taken."

He said ltL‘ Itolll‘icd (‘zttlty
Mc('lostry ol tltc ()l'l’icc of Stttdcttt
Activities. Mc('|ostty shid sltc is
“letting tltc group and tltc libtnty
scttlc it bctwcett them," bttt ttddctl
"tltc Office may check ittto tltc
solicitation pcrtnit concerning tltc
incident."

llenjtttnin said tltc incident
“wasn’t lllL‘ fault of "lttn Seriously

Folks."

"‘l'hc filth was ill tltc public do-
tuhiu...wc saw no reason why it
couldn't be done," he said.

lichjamih said they httd inl'otmcd
SA that they were screening the
films and obtnittcd tltcit solicitation
permit froth SA.

“SA didn't ask whcrc tthc
dtm’ics)\vct‘ccotttltty!l'tttltt,"1tt'tttl-
dcd.

Benjamin is schedule to tncct
with (‘htupus ('cntct' l)itcctot .llllt
|)oc|lcl'cltl today to discuss up»
ptoptitttc action concctning the in-
cident. licttj'ttthin said he "doubts"
tttc gtottp will be I‘otcctl to t'clttttd
ticket thohcy.

“Wc bhtcly hthtlc tttottcy' its it
is," ltc sttitl. “And I don't tltittk
ttttyottc saved tltc ticket stub.
licsidcs,1tloh‘t think anyone will bc
ttttgt'y I'or |ttt)’itlt' $.75 to sec 2
movie."

l.ubutkih added ltc tltittks tltc
policy iht'tingcmcnt was exposed
“by another gtoup on campus who
didn't like us cutting itt on their
profits."

l.ltl)llll\'l1l tttltnittcd tltc otgtttti/tt-
tion in question was probably a
rith tttovic group, bitt'declined to

, yottlhtitetl on page five

‘tt‘lllt'sll'l, ilt't'ttltlllll' to Scutttot
.\l.nl. littlltttﬂ‘wlxl.

ltn' only tt|t|ttthllltlll to the lull
(tttttc ltttttt sltttlcttl sL'ttttlttts pity
tt-stttu- ndthisstott stundhtds lot the
pint-tom, lo be Iotuhtlly ctttollctl
:t-. .t cotttptttct ‘.\'lCllt'C ttthjot, "tt
student must hnyc ncltic\cd it
tttttttttttlttt ;'|;ttlL‘-|ttttttl nyctngc ot
2.75 ltl Mitttt “2. ll], ('Sl Ztll tttttl
21t3.":ttcottlitht totttccttttctcdbill.

“My lltltlt't‘diltttllttt' \\.'ts that de-
mtintl lot this ptogttttn would bc so
t'ts‘ill that it tnctcwnsn't sothcothct
IttL't'tttItIlsttt to decide admission, he
\yottldh‘t be able to keep up with
it," said Undergraduate Academic
('ouncil (llAt‘) ('httir lltttold ('ttlb
non.

('otnputcr Science l)cptttttttcht
(.‘hait Dean Alden said tltcre will be
no ptoblcnt with stttdcttts itt existing
ptogtttths. “It's hot cvctt clear, with
the way the cotnptttcr science
Illtll'ly'L'l is now, whctltcr or ttot we
can ltirc competent tcacltcrs,“ ltc
said. “if we expand tttuclt more, tltc
quality of tltc progtttm will
dcctchsc," ltc added.

it) ttttotttcr action, tltc Schntc
opcncd dcbtttc on a ptoposnl in-
troduced by UA(' changing tttc
tttttdittg of ttttdctgt'ttdtthtc courses
from it “simple A<l: scale to at
system that includes plus and minus
gtttdcs."

lJttdct this system, an ittstthctot
will be pcttnittcd to gtadc cotttscs
witlt scotcs of A, ll 1 , li, ll-, ('1 ,

by Aron Smith

 

Nine Students" Textbooks
Stolen From The Library

University l,ibtht'y has been tltc site of :t tttslt of tc\lbook tltcl'ts
this week, according to SllNYA Dephttthcht of Public Safety ()I‘»
fich (ttuy ()'(‘ottnot'. Nihc scptutttc incidents wcte tcpottcd to
llttivctsity l’olicc dtn'it h -th»hour period, he said.

In tltc pttst, slolctt textbooks have been sold to thc lv‘ollctt-SUNY
ltookstotc during its "buy bttck" period at tltc ctttl of each semester.
llookstorc Manger (inry Dean. Univ ty Library Dit'cctot Ricltttt'd
‘l'ttstor, and tltc Crime Prevention Unit of tltc Department of Public
Safety are currently coordinating, an effort to identify stolctt tex-
tbttoks ttttd apprehend tltc thieves.

.sivc system of identification will be instituted toward all tltosc

(‘ ('. ) I . I). .ttul | , (ittttlc poittt
it\t't.|y't's \\Ill be y'tv'ltlllllk‘ll by lltl'
ding n .1 tot L'ilttl plus and subttttc-
titty! ‘ .3 lot chco minus. “111%, it
111 is n 1.] ttttd .t Il- 't :t 2.7.
lhy'tc |\Itt\l.ttll‘. lot at
. "t A 'T.

,..@,.,,..,....Mv=¢..m . gm,

(‘SI '\' Dt'tllt Arr/en: II '5' [ml clear if
we can hire competent lt'llt‘llt'l‘S.
M
grade of A» or l)-, and pluses attd
tttittuscs will ttot be tttkch ittto ac-
count wltctt balancing n “1)” grade.
“1 tltittk tltc grading system is
already as tcl'ittcd us it can be,"
ttrgucd Settntot ( mules 'l':tt'lton, a
l’ttlllicttl Scictt 'I‘ l’tt'l'cssttl. "WC
have a vctbttli/ntion of grades right

'how ~ on A is c\ccl|cttt, [3 very

good. it (' is satisfacton and l) is
passing. I'd like to ttcttr someone
spcll ottt whttt tt lt- is. Does that

cmtlt‘nmv/ on price/I've

According to O'Connor, alt cx»

 

continued mt page jive

-- ...,.,, .-,,. ‘

 

