   

 

 

YOM KIPPUR SERVICES
'70:;ng 7pm
 Campus Center.  
 Campus  Ball! 41900").

Domouow: ’
10:00 Metal  Cantu   ‘
9’35   Center  époom
Bud; - Quit/01'1wa canclitdlng uwlcu

 

gate-arm

 

information - 7 - 508

i

ARE BMIK

Buses will be rUnning after
midnight starting this weekend
and will continue .until

Thanksgiving

 

 

 

 

 

 

'Want to get involved?

 

Interested in sports?
Come on "down to a

'W.I.R.A. interest, meeting,
Monday, Sept. 22
7:45 p.m.
lounge, 1st floor
S.A. Funded

C.C_.

-“ GET nanowquv NIGHT. .. ._

9' El debuts the New Blotto

LP “ Across & Down ” Saturday at
8 pm with The Band in our

Studio, Live . . .
Then do what you like ! ”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STATE FOOTBALL
1:30 pm - Albany state vs 'Southem Oonn. Univ.
ArnhePray-by- Play
Live with 9| m Spats
SA Funded

 

September 19, 1980

Mamas

And

He turned his eyes up into his head and
for the first time all night he was aware. The

‘ picture in his mind resembled the opening

shot of his favorite television program,
Superman. The boy watched closely as the
stars moved slowly through the sky and Into
the hazy corners of his consciousness. Then.
as quickly as the ﬂight of “the man of steel"
himself, the name of this special program
burst through the constellations and landed
abruptly in mid-galaxy and midscreen. The
letters were white with black borders and
they spelled the words “Pictures
Vacuums" in a way that coirrrnairded
respect. Following this title were the shows
credits. highlighted by an introduction of Erik
-~ the protagonist of the drama The sleep
lng hoy srrrlletl riporr seeing his own name
appear in his dream."Marmr would be pro-
ud" ire tried to insert into the mouth of his
dreams irtragu of himself. but it was not to
be. for already the credits had faded, and
Erik's life was once again in danger

"You stay right here boy. " said the fat
lady of the circus. with a tight-lipped expres»
sion and a firm grip on Erik's arm.

"But I want to go find my mommy." was
Erik's excited reply as he fidgeted wildly.
Beads of sweat were beginning to form on
his youthful brow. The fat lady was busily
gossiping at the doorway with a friend from
the apartment across the way and Erik. fear»

and

The Student Notebook

Natures

Vacuums

had vanished from sight. Erik was now in
transition. There he sat suspended In a
boundless area where all around was clear
nothingness. He glanced around himself for
a moment and noticed a hazy screen
somewhere below him. The boy watched as
the George Washingtons moved quietly out
of the kitchen and eventually out of the
apartment. The last one handed the fat lady
a gold wedding band with instructions to give
it to Erik's mother. Monilrs earlier the boy's
father had left for work one day without his
ring, only to discover tlral he had forgotten
to replace it after shaving. It was a dreamlike
replay of reality and it was lrik's final unv
cancerous suggestion in the new day

Yes ladies titttl gt‘ntlctnctr it was a new day
for link Nr'bi'nhaus lllftt' at llt'lrtzci's Day
Camp. linngalow Colony. snminei naturi-
spot for the upper middle class families and
general relaxation area promoting ltirr and
personal growth Unfortunately, izrik didn't
buy that lie was rrnrclr too busy filling his
mind with daydrearrrs of adventure to help
cure ltis dislike for the surroundings He
simply refused to understand that six year
old boys should play with other six year old
boys and girls. Instead of the norirr. Erik tried
to spend much of the summer in solitude. in-
nocently immersed in his own world, The

two games Erik enjoyed most were “duck. ’

duck. goose" and “Apache lndian" and he

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

Positions

Student Legal Services
Contact Jack Lester

in Campus Center
Room 116
0." 01' 457-79] l

Three credits offered thru sociology

interviews conducted until the last of add/drop

   
  
    
 
 

Available

 

 

  

 

 

r

Glertifimie

 

Tdeliizer i

ag Claim]:
of Cililierit

 

 

 

 

 

 

ing no soon release began to panic. The
boy's picture became hazy and disfigured as
he tried to end the suffering. Then. just when
it seemed that the terror would overcome
him. the lady in the vision detached herself
front the boy, Erik ran away with boyhood
zeal and a speed frequently exhibited by his
dreaming counterpart. After racing for
several seconds he began to realize that his
movements were only slow rnoliotr exag-
gerations -7 he had moved only a few feet.
The sound of voices made him dash into lllt’
adjoining kitchen and ittttlt‘t’ the table There
he kneeled. neryorisly anticipating his next
adventure. The voices began to get much
louder and before he knew it. twelve George
Washington look-alikt's had entered the hits
chen. with each occupying a seat around the
small table. The men Wt‘l't‘ cramped and
agitated as they talked of their vicious inten-
tions for Erik. Meanwhile the boy was safely
tricked in a near fetal position with the wall of
logs acting as his protection lli‘; increasing
feelings of security transferred into
playfulness and he began poking the men's
stocking covered legs He continued piti-
thing and striackirrg them without a thought
of cottseqtterit‘w‘. until the newly annoyed
men began kicking him in unison. Suddenly
the joyousrress and warmth disappeared.
and all lirik pictured was a suffocating cage
of limbs. each with a mind of it's own. The
adjoining bodies were shifting in their chairs
and lirik could hear grumbling noises as the.
men struggled to get a look at what was
under the table. By the time the first imper-
sonator was able to force himself into a posi-

 

tion of glimpsing the obstruction, the boy

played both of these with fervor, Mountain
climbing and hikes were tolerable but only in
nroderation. it was the frequent appearance
of these and other activities in a weekly
'schedule that began to cramp the boy's style.
With no cure in siglri. Erik let daydreams of
imaginary experience act as his medication
until the summer's end

With two days remaining the camp ran its
Award Day. Each boy and girl would receive
a certificate of merit. applauding his or her
outstanding achievement in a specific activi
iy. When lirik Nelrt'iilmtts' name rang out
the boy run toward the camp director just as
his fellow (ainpers had done. and received
his cvrttfrtate The Words, written in blue.
were tnst‘rrhr'ri upon tlrtck white paper and
they 'rlitit'll the followtrig ill‘lli/l'l Day Camp
Certificate of Mt'rlt to Him NlililZNl'lAUS
For Excellence and Atlilt’Vt'tilt‘lil lti Qlllll'l'
CAMPS link was 'aitfitlt’lii’ll by his overly
unique at'lrreverrrent and lt‘rtit'tl that he
didn't belong with the Ullll‘t hall tossing boys
of his own age However. his mother
reassured him that it was all quite normal
and with that. Frik turned his thoughts back
to more important things, The summer
would soon be over and with nothing visibly
in store for him. lirik once again turned his
imagination loose. watching it weave a World
of excitement and adventure. l'le interrupted
his daydreartr flow for a moment to pondcr
the. possiblin of using his tool of fantasy later
in life. It was too complex a thought for a six
year old having fun, 50 he put it away for
awhile. it would be years before Erik's full
realization that imagination is the most worr
thwlrlle quiet game. of all.

   
  
  

Though a people be wise,
It Is no shame [or them to live and learn.

~Sophocles

He was short and balding. reminiscent of
any of Red Serling's more comic characters.
His walk was more at a strut; the best
description of him might be "dapper".

“Hello sonny." he said as he sat down
beside me. "You haven't been on the train
since Vancouver, have you?"

Sonny?! After a moment's hesitation l
answered in the affirmative, "But with a
day's stopover in Banff."

"Banff-f-H . , . . i never could pronounce
that Wtrtcl. Anyway. it's no wonder we
couldn‘t find you on yesterday's train. You
know, you damn near screwed up our whole
system "

"System" What system are you talking
nhottt'r'"

"()h. l'ru sorry sonny. l guess that | forgot
to lllli't Itllit c myst'lf. lam the Ghost of Senior
Years "

A drum roll and perhaps a puff of white
smoke would have been appropriate,

"What?" I exclaimed nearly incredulous,

A number of heads turned. and they did
look incredulous. as if i were shouting at
thyself.

"If I were you. my dear boy. l would
hesitate to talk so loud. You see, only those
students who are entering their senior year at
college can hear me."

“But what about Jeff and Bonny. they're
only two feet away?" Shouldn't they be hear-
ing this man. l thought. Jeff would soon be
graduating from Queens. and Bonny from
Brooklyn College. it didn't make any sense
that neither of them paid attention to this
spirit.

“CUNY had to lay off their ghost in last
year's budget cuts." he answered.

it made sense.

“Well then," i asked. “What are you talk-
ing to me for?"

“l've come to escort you. and many others
into your final year at SUNYA."

Could it be? Had three years passed that
quickly? So tnuch had happened. yet it all
scented so recent. Meeting my first Universiv
ty of Buffalo roommates and filing my first
closed-section card happened just yesterday
—- or did they?

Digging deeper uncovered memories of
Halloween racquetball. the Beverwyck Party

 
   

Association, going to my first lecture, cutting

my first lect a joint party with Rachel.
soap suds in tit: fountain.r v- rist :in (.urn-
pus Center. Gtssen and it. rja. mriugies
to a Volkswagon. and Lakes George and
Placid.

More recently there had been Gary. ( w
and Shannon, glaciers on Mount Hood. the
black glass of Three Sisters. Patty Roach, her
Scirocco. and dancing on two coasts.

The ghost talked of the events to come. of
what he'd done for others and he offered me
a preview.

“Are you ready," he inquired. “to see
what the future has held for those that
preceeded you?"

Reluctantly nodding. we walked among
rows of CPA's, medical school students,
English majors on unemployment. poll-sci
majors who work at unemployment. and in-
surance salesmen who'd rather be on
unemployment. Off in a corner Rhoda's
father was having a lively discussion of San
Francisco politics.

At the end was a door, The sign over it
read l_C-7. inside. the spirit of Doc Cannon
was tallying our credits in a three-screened
display. All of '81 was present and ac»
counted for

“is this it?" I wondered. "Life can't be just
a presentation iii a lecture hall."

"it is if you're in the five-year MBA pro-
gram," our ghost replied, "You end here as
you began. only now you are four years
richer in experience."

“What you will do from here." he con-
tinued. “is entirely your own decision. You
have only one limitation."

“Which is , . . "

“Your loans are due."

The ghost was gone in a wink. and neither
of my companions noticed a thing. He had
left behind only his bowler hat as a final
token of his visit.

A visionary with the smallest foresight can
see the common event of Commencement
Day. That is the neck of the hourglass. it is
the farming out from there that will be the
real future.

There was a fourth traveller. Randy. who
did not stop at Banff. She too told me of
contact. but of a different nature — her's was
an ivy League ghost. Still, our stories con—
curred. and our mutual feeling that the
future remains just as unsure as it had.
prevails.

 

 

Editor’s Note

i talked to Rib Harber in San Francism this summer. After the salutations and
typical social inquiries. he began to speak of a movement. a cause, and a follow-
ing, A lot of people were scared w about war and politics and freedom — and
some. mostly the young. were trying to do something about it.

ltib‘s centerfold story is a personal look at the rising wave of protest. He writes
front the hot seat. Berkeley. as it begins to re-igrrite the fire of a decade past. He
writes of the law. the students. and of a visit by the President. Yet there is a
pragmatism in his approach that bridges the anger; he said as we were parting: “l
may not find the answers. but it's a nice place to admire the problem."

— RBL

 

Associate Editor
Joanne Weiner

Sthffwﬂtero: Thomas Bonfiglio. James Dixon. Esq. James daffe. Lawrence.
Kinsman. Mark Rossier. Laurel Solomon. Bruce Wulkan
Creative Alto Editor: Suzanne Gerber

Production: Susan Benjamin

Deulgn & Layout
Hon Leuy

EA spears

Editors:
Ron Levy
Rob Edelstcin

Sound & Vision Editor
Ed Pinlm

Concept
Phour Phifths

 

 

