  
  

 

 

 

 

 

©Amulun Expml Company, 1980

l K. "‘
\'\‘\':\."'"- '

, }  ’ 7 American Express . _ O _
won’t penalize you for. graduating .
‘ during a credtt crisis.

it

American Express hasn’t changed its application qualiﬁv
cations for graduating students during the current credit crisis.

That’s because the American Express“ Card isn’t a credit
card. It’s a charge card. There’s no revolving, openaend credit.

You are expected to pay your bill in full every month. So with the
Card, you don’t get in over your head.

You use your head.

American Express is continuing its special application
plan for graduating students. If you have a $10,000 job (or the
promise of one) lined up. you can apply for an American Express
Card right now.

You’ll need the Card for everything from business lunches
to vacations, from buying clothes to buying theatre tickets.

You’ll have new responsibilities after graduation. The
American Express Card will help you manage them. 

To apply for a Card. just pick up an application
at one of the displays on campus. Or you can call the toll;
free number 8005288000, and ask for a special student application.

  

 

The American Express®Card. Don’t leave school without it.

 

 

 

 

.s «Maneuver. .. . ,

l
i
i
.31


 

 

  

 

April 29, 1980

WW.Wa—~umu—mv~rm.m. ., , ‘ ...

Albany Student Press

   

Page Seventeen '

Mixed Emotions: The Steelers’ First Round Pick

NEW YORK (AP) Somewhere in
the United States. there is a football
player who. sometime today, will
experience what is known as mixed
emotions. He will be selected by the
Pittsburgh Steelers in the ﬁrst
round of the National Football
League draft.

He’ll be joining a four-time
Super Bowl winner. a dynasty of
sorts. Very nice. The only problem
is. what's he going to do when he

choice by the Steelers is a ticket to gets there?
oblivion. mind you. Far from it. The Steelers have an all-pro
Consider if you will. that among player at virtually every position.
Pittsburgh's ﬁrst-round selections which leads to a lot of lounging
Since. 1969 are Harris. linebacker around for the'rookies. Last year’s
llobin Cole, tight end Bennie Cunn- No. I pick. for example. was Greg
tngham. wide receiver Lynn Swarm. Hawthorne. a running back. He
quarterback Terry Bradshaw and carried the ball all of 28 times for
defensive tackle Joe Greene. 123 yards in 1979 — not much more
An educated guess is that the than a routine game for Franco
Steelers. unless they trade to im- Harris.
prove their drafting position. 28th. Not that being a No. 1 draft

last in each round or to pick up a
veteran in exchange for their ﬁrst-
round pick. will come away with a
defensive lineman. Among the can-
didates are ends Jacob Green —
Texas A & M. Jim Stuckcy —-
Clemson, Rulon Jones — Utah
State and tackles Bruce Clark —
Penn State and Doug Martin —
Washington.

A few hours before the Steelers
complete the first round, the
Detroit Lions will start it. Also bar-

    ? ring a trade. they’ll be taking Billy

(AP) Roberto Duran. 147 pounds
of Latin fury and knockout artist.
admits that sometimes in his wildest
dreams he imagines himself a
heavyweight.

“Heavyweights. everybody talks
about the heavyweights.” said the
rugged Panamanian. speaking in
Spanish through an interpreter. "If
you are a heavyweight. even if you
are slow and have no punch. you
make a lot of money.

"lfl Were a heavyweight. I think
I would be Jack Dempsey or Rocky
Marciano.”

Duran is about 60 or 70 pounds
shy of being a legitimate

Women ’3 Tennis

continued from page nineleun
players on their team." observed
Mann.

On Saturday. Long island
University (L.l.U.) will come to
Concordia to play Albany. I..I.U..
from Brooklyn. has no home tennis
courts. and must use other schools.
Albany has never played L.I.U.
either and expects another difficult
match.

0 Sitns. the Oklahoma running back.
In the past fewlweeks. Sims"agent.
a former Houston dentist named
Jerry Argovitz.‘ has been talking
about extracting something in the
neighborhood of $750,000 a year
from the Lion's bank account to get
Sims' name on a contract. The
Lions have been mentioning
numbers about one-third that size.

The order of drafting again. barr-
ing any late trades is Detroit, San
Francisco, Cincinnati. Green Bay.
Ilaltimorc. St. Louis. Atlanta. New

heavyweight although many Larry Holmes and a cast of beefy.
ringsiders regard him as pound-for- nondescript characters unable to
pound the best fist fighter in the make a dint in the game.
world. That is an accolade that will Already they are comparing the
be disputed and perhaps settled Duran-Leonard collision to the
June 20 when he meets the sensa- Jack Dempsey-Gene Tunney con-
tional young World Boxing Council I'rontations of the 19205. the knock-
wclterwcight champion. Sugar Ray down. drag~out middleweight
Leonard. at a site yet to he dctcr— brawls of Rocky Graziano and
mined. 'I‘ony late in the 19405 and the three
Leonard has himself been ac- Muhammad Ali-Smokin' Joc
claimed the ultimate fighting Frazier masterpieces of which the
machine - an Olympic gold “Thrilla ofManila"was the zenith.
titttlttltst. a quick. sharp-puntluug It was a duel betwecp the rough. Third Place Finish
traitsman who has swept un- tough. uncompromtsmg alley
pressivcly through all 27 of his pro- lighter. Duran. and the polished. m'mnm’dfm’" buck mm”,
fcssional assignments. rapier-fisted assassin. Leonard. Williams take first in 44.3 seconds.
This fight thus is taking on the more than otte 1'ullsccond ahead 01'
aura 01~ a "ring natural," :1 classic The 29-year-old Panamanian. their nearest rival. Curt Den-
that has the potential of being the who held the world lightweight ton was third in the 400 meter run
most significant and exciting oftltis crown for six years. is a veritable (50.3 seconds). Ferrctti was nudged
generation. buzzsaw who operates front a ottt of fourth place in that one by
crouch. as Dempsey did. anti Bingltatnton’s Paul (iutvin (50.6
H is [ht 0m. cvcm involving swarms all over his opponent from seconds) by one-tenth of a second.
Smull... guys capable of wrcsﬁng mg the opening bell. Like Dempsey. he and got fifth. Scott James nailed
interest ol‘thc general sports public Carries sleeping powder in both down third in the 5000 meter run
{mm a bland heavyweight division hands. In 70 pro lights. he has had with a time of 15:41.7. Inn was well
populated by an aging, overweight 55 knockouts and lost only once. it behind Phil Scidner of liingham-
Muhmnnmd A“. a discouraged defeat at the hands of Esteban Dc- ton's winning titne of 15:29.2.

York Giants. Minnesota._‘Buffalo,
Kansas City. New Orleans. New
York Jets, New England.
Cleveland. Oakland. Seattle.
Washington. Chicago, the Jets
from Denver in the Matt Robinson-
Craig Penrose deal, Miami. Tampa
Bay. Philadelphia, Baltimore from
Dallas for John . Dutton. New
England from Houston for Leon
Gray. Green Bay from San Diego
for Willie Buchanon, Los Angeles
and Pittsburgh.

In all, therewill be 12 rounds
covering two days of drafting,
wheeling and dealing.

Besides Sims and the aforemen-
tioned defensive linemen. high-
priority candidates for the first
round include running backs
Charles White — Southern Califor-
nia and Curtis Dickey — Texas A &
M. tight end Junior Miller —-
Nebraska. wide receiver Johnny
“Lam” Jones -—— Texas. and offen-
sivc linemen Brad Budde and An-
tho‘ny Munoz — both of Southern
California.

For Trackmen

disproportionate amount of points
for Albany (eight ofthe 48% total).
but Munsey was happy with the per-
formance of Gradin Avery. who'got
second in the javclin throw (52.80
meters) and tltird in the long jump
(5.87 meters). Bill Condott was
third in the triple jump. with a leap
of 11.98 meters. Dane Kirt Pulaski
was third in the pole vault (11 feet.
six inches).

Albany. now 4-4, in dual meet
competition. faces Williams and
Union Colleges this afternoon in a
tri-mcet scheduled at Williams.

 

‘ccAw,

'-rap:opoooo'capaooppuopploocoonnpg

Gimme another chance!”
Rte-elect

Paid for by the
§C0mmittee t0 lie-elect the President
“ WE DO CARE ”

I
I
+...........-.-.....-...........-.......-.-.-.--....--.-.

Jesus later twice avenged. Field events again provided a

Come on!

8:00pm
Admission is

SA

.o-oonao-o-ppuocpoona'o-poo-courao-aoor

Elections To Be Held

\

 

5-.--

PUREﬁﬂEQE Tiﬁéhﬁ’éi’t
Alfred Hitchcock’s
North by Northwest

TONIGHT

Campus Center Assembly Hall

Meeting of Members After Movie:

Free

sa funded

 

 

 

May 2&3
7:00 PM.

S.U.N.Y.A.

 

  

ThetAnnuaI Dance Production-

Maln Stage, Performing Arts Center

-Faculty and Student Choreography
Tickets: $4.00 General Public

$3.00 with S.U.N.Y.A. ID.
$2.50 with Tax Card

S.U.N.Y.A. ‘
F OOTWORK

_ . For further Informatlon,,call Marlanno Vernon:
u 457-3906

Tickets available at PAC.

Box Ottlce: 4573806

 

 

 

ﬁN.__..__._ __.__ ..._, “n. My...  .

. __.. v. -_...:..—.M- "

 

 

 

  
   
      
     
    
    
   
    
    
   
    
  
   
    
 

“»\_ KL, -

 
   
 

 
 
  
   
   
   

     
 
 
  
  

