 
   
  
 

 

 

Yr .

 

 

r

\

 Welsh? ' 

  

00981

 

' ‘ "FOr ‘Cra’duationii

 Richard Nixon?
, Bozo the Clown?

 

We need your suggestions! Please fill in
and drop off in Class of 1981 mailbox m
SA office.

I suggest as guest speaker

 

at Class Of 1981 Graduation.

 

Needs?! A Guest Speaker ' 

 

 

 

 

:l‘he SUNYA'BregLaw Association W

presents ‘
The Second Annual
Featuring Admissions Counselors from Cornell,
Georgetown, Boston U., Syracuse, Hofstra,
SUNY/Buffalo, George Washington, American,

Temple, Albany, Catholic, University of Pacific,

Southwestern and Many More

Saturday, October 25, 1980
10:00 — 12:15 & _ 1:15 — 4:00

SUNYA Campus Center Ballroom

For Further Information Clll Brad llathbnum 457-1782

 

 

 

_J

In tut-mum, ‘ilnnknt A|uu|twm Intern" rm Uﬂlﬂlfﬂ‘ltllr I dmltnmmdlhrlillnr "4 m. tum... \lurlrm At I‘m

THE THEATRE DEPARTMENT PRESENTS

The Two Gentlemen of Verona
BY WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE
THE FOLLOWING IS A REPRINT OF A REVUE BY VINNY REDA OF THE TIMES RECORD

Albany —- Shakespeare’s “Two Gentlemen of Verona" Is not a romantic comedy which
holds much of anything In abundance. except charm.

It done not have the repartee — particularly from Its leading females — which
characterized his later comedies. Neither does It have the biting conflict hurtled at us In
“Merchant of Venice." “Measure for Measure" or "The Tempest."There ls poetry here, but,
again, not In great amounts.

The success of the State University of New York at Albany’s production, which runs from
Wednesday through Saturday at 8 pm. In the college's Performing Arts Center, Is that It
does not make much ado about what Isn't much, dwells not upon characterizations so
much as pacing, and thereby gives generous looks at the conflicts between love and friend-
ship, versus romance and plain old expediency.

The story Is at two young but dear, old friends, Valentine and Proteus, who part when
Valentine leaves Verona for Milan to serve that city‘s court. Proteus Is In love will: lovely
Julla but, when he ls forced logo to Milan also, he quickly changes his affections toward
Sllvla. Why? Because Valentine loves Sllvla and he brags about her a lot.

Sllvla Is alsonbelng courted, at her lather the duke's Inslstence, by the rich fool Thurlo,
but her affections are all for Valentine. All the more then her vexatlnp at Proteus when that
fellow exposes Valentine's amorous Intentions to the duke. who has Valentine banished to
the forest. Proteus then makes his move on Sllvla, and oh the guilt trip she lays on him. It
doesn't help that Julla runs to Milan and finds her former lover attempting to do her dirt.

Shakespeare's tale has more bite to It than might be supposed from this synopsis. He
himself had a lover taken away by a friend. Proteus doesn't get off lightly In his treatment,
or In Valentine's nr Sllvla's or Julia's. But then neither does romance, which Is undercut
most polntedly and comically first by Valentine -— before he met the lovely Sllcla — then by
Valentine's servant, Speed, and finally by Proteus' servant Launce. Undercut also,
however, is romance by the constant backdrop of friendship In this play — It Is always
weighing and not any less when Proteus is Involved with betraying Valentine.

What Is essential for the play/ls that nothing be overkilled, and that director Albert
Asermelyhae masterfully accomplished by his staging. Locales and tlrne frames switch
often In the play, and Aaermely sees to II we flick from one spot to another rapidly. His
characters and nearly every scene In movement someplace. They are blacked out before
they leave the stage and suddenly they appear again In light. slightly off from where they
were, speaking right up again. and to our mind's eye In a completely different place and
moment than before.

Although the lull stage plus side exits are used, there Is no circus effect. Everything Is
eminently logical, aided by Tom Clark's letter-perfect lighting. Dennls Byng's set designs,
rather artsy drawings and figures, accompany this quick pacing well and, while they don't
create moods. succeed ln reenlorcing the moods of the various scenasras they are
established by the characters' words.

The cast Is splendid In this college production. Thomas Tubbs as Valentine not only

makes his friendship for Proteus ring true without an undo gush, but his comic reactions to ,

the cynical, disrespectful words of his servant Speed, or his sense of llttle-boy-lcst when
revealed as a potential daughter-napper by the duke, lighten the proceedings up beautrlul-
ly. In his manner, from the start, we are certain we will not be confusing this with romantic
tra sdy. . . I

Tghe Proteus character ls more difficult In this respect, because Shakespeare Clillfllllly
wants his guilt to be real. Wllllam Leone comes through, not by making Proteus rt parody of
Macbeth In attempting to Justify his course, but In correctly showing him to be a rather stlly
fellow who can't make up his mind. He hops forward and back while coniernplittllig, his
face grimaces childisth — these are-the effects needed to ease our burden over his
burden.

The strongest element of establishing comedy, howsver, rests with the servants.
do Lisle as Speed ls most Impressive, exposing the gush In the love meeting of Valentine
and Sllvla, vainly attempting to expose the foolishness of Launce's Inlatuation for some
toothless girl we never see, sneaking around fearfully In the forest when his master tr. crip-
lured by robbers. Speed's job by Shakespeare ls complex -— he must be butlnon while
representing logic in judging friendship over romance — even If the friendship be for hrs
bed or for food — and he must be able to deliver a straight line as well as a laugh-getter dc
Lislehas such control over the coordination of his gestures with his vocal timing, such rm

ability to move his large body like a sprightly panda one second or a depressed bouillt‘l the
next, that he can carry the game In any setting, allowing either lovers or Jokers to illrly 0”
him for laughs. -

iI French

As Launce, Marc Duret —— an exchange student from Paris — has the burden of
accent, which when compounded with Shakespeare's ancient tongue, vocally “NW”; ‘9' ”
hlde-and-go~seek relationship with the audience. Yet his form and face are lulled wrtir life
from the moment he enters while playing with a dog (Joanne Sills). and his laments no love
and friendship are delightful just to look at — even better when you can makh‘ 0‘” ‘l '"W
punch lines here and there. '

As the ladies, Debby Cardarella as Sllvla and Anna Moore as Julla add stronti “"3"”
to the show. Cardarella phrases tho Bard's lines most colloquially, exposing strong
positive feelings for Valentine and equally strong negatlwa feelings for Proteus, riddlngf’l
dramatic touch to the Idea of one friend's betrayal of another. Moore accords thlsl In fl
softer way. She allows herself to open up very freely to Julia‘s hurt over Proteus, rnrrkinti ll
very youthful, and somehow making her hurt seem for us less severe but no Iona movrng.

“Two Gentlemen of Verona" ls about the affairs of the young, and they 8'0 H
spanked, and not taken totally seriously. Still, there are lessons to be learned, W5
Shakespeare, lessons he wuold draw out more dramatically later. For us, SUNYA sum"S ‘0
have captured this momcnl In time most tellingly.

nls

_ ERFORMING ARTS CENTER MAIN STAGE
FRIDAY OCT. 24, SATURDAY OCT. 25 AT 8PM

TICKETS AND iNFORMATION

457-8606

A-

Doug .

chilled,

October 24, 1980

Albany Student Press

 

I triage Nine

media exposure. Clearly the  -‘

Anderson Makes Last Bid for N. Y. Vote  

by Gary Silverman

Earlier this week independent
presidential candidate John Ander-
son addressed a capacity crowd at
Schenectady’s Linton High School.
The event, sponsored by the
Freedom Forum, a group of
business, academic, and profcs-
sional people, provided Anderson
with perhaps his last opportunity to
inﬂuence the voters of New York.

é News FEATURE

“
Thc candidate still believes he can
win the election, and in light of the
recent Gallup poll taken in this state
(showing more than twenty percent
of the voters still undecided).
Anderson's efforts may not be as
futile as they seem.

Anderson‘s speech. followed by a
brief question and answer period,
provided the voters with it rarely af-
forded opportunity to confront one
of this country‘s truly unique politi-
cians. Andcrson addressed the
issues in a straight-forward manner.
His views were controversial, ncvcr
stooping to the “tell them what they
want to hear" tactics employed so
frequently by the two major party
candidates. His spccch did not in»
cludc the usual remarks or accusa-
tions which incitc unwarranted au-
dicncc applause; ralhcr, Anderson
used his intelligence and good sense
to spur the many outbursts of the
evening. This candidate's honesty
was fresh. and his opinions
enlightening.

With less than two weeks left un-
til thc election, Andcrson’s cam-
paign has turned full-force to attack
the opposition on the issues. He
spoke proudly of his 50-ccnt
gasoline lax, telling the crowd that
conservation is the only effective
means of reducing our high Icch of

 

oil consumption. He also mention-
ed the tax cut proposed by both the
President and Governor Reagan.
Anderson stated that a tax cut was
impossible at this’ time, and that to
implement one would only worsen
the country’s economic base. Yet,
the main focus of Anderson’s at-
tack was the issue of war and peace.
He referred to a recent statement by
President Carter, quoting the presi-
dcnt as saying he had a “passion for
peace." Anderson said, “We're not
voting for the person who can pro-
fcss the most passion, but for the
person who can best put us back on
a path of world peace."

The candidate went on to stress
competence in government, citing
many fatal mistakes tirade by the
Carter administration. Anderson
, strongly stated that Americans have
lost their faith in politicians “and
can only votc when they hold their
nose." His approach to government
and politics differs from that of the
traditional bureaucrat. An Ander-
son administration would involve
citizens froth both parties, produc-
an unprecedented bi-partisan
government. "People are tired of
the same old partisan ap-
proach...thru has Ich things piled
high on the agenda," Anderson
said. His rurming-matc, Democratic
Governor Patrick Luccy from
Wisconsin, is a perfect example of
thc bi-partisan government Andcr-
son wishes to establish.

Unfortunately, the campaign is
beset with the same problems that
seem to afflict all third party can-
didatcs. Anderson has no establish-
cd base; his party has abandoned
him, as he is now an Independent.
In the fcw short months of his carn—
paign, Anderson has not only had
to "sell" himself, but also tltc cnlirc

, premise of his National Unity

 

M

  

"AI [(13].
MI: l’l/l‘flll‘lg’.

lIrrrtnlrl'nlllltilllllrri _

MI in, my a 21. :r. h
lrm-r‘irirl t 

g, horn -ri lvllfllt rr 1 .

 

   

   

N

l

I lit

Rl

   

 

 

SDQExciting Theatres Under One Roof
/ A NEW DIMENSION IN CINEMA Luxuny

 

 
 
 
  
   
       
  

 M NmAN ANIMAL!
IAMAIIUhIANIlI-ilh‘t‘r' __
l .l‘hl .A THAN"

ZIP-A-DEE-DOO-DAHI
“in” Disney's
of
[he

TI-ZI'IINII‘IDIJIII‘

 

1303503.". .55.? '

   
   

government. Being that the country

I Is so firmly rooted in the two-party

system, most of the voting public
will not risk their vote on a can-
didate who has no chance of vic-
tory; hence, a political catch-22 oc-
curs, stiﬂing any chance he may

1%

have had. Anderson's rcccnt drop
in the polls, froru u Iiiin of 25 per-
cent in June to a current low of If)
percent, proves that the voters have
little faith in Anderson‘s campaign.

Another problem Anderson has
faced is his appeal. Although he
presents himself as a hard-working

protector of “justice and the
American way,” Anderson lacks
the "folksy," hometown appeal
both Caner and Reagan possess.
Anderson does not play witht he
I emotions of the voters; his speeches
deal strictly with the issues. His ap-
peal seems to be more intellectual
than down-to-carth. Anderson
faces the same problems as an Adlai
Stevenson or a Eugene McCarthy.
It is clear his support comes from
the middle to upper middle class.
but this is simply not enough.
Unless Anderson can appeal to a
wider section of the general public,
' is chances for victory arc nonexis-
lcnl.

Yet Anderson‘s major problems
scent to bc economic; he simply
does not possess the capital to go up
against both the Democratic and
Republican panics. Due to his drop
in the polls, most lending institu-

.liuus will not give him enough
.Inoncy to support his campaign.
His expense account of two million
dollars. to be spent on media, is
nothing compared to tile major par-
tics' 36 million. Therefore, both the
Reagan and Carter campaigns have
been able to "out-spend" Andcr-
son, and worsen his chances of

Anderson has learned too late.

To say Anderson has a rough
road ahead of him would be an
understatement. With all the
troubles he has encountered and has

, still to encounter. his victory would

surely be a miracle. Yet, it led
miracle that the Anderson people
are expecting. His staff feels 
their hard work will pay off on_
Election Day when their candidate '
is elected. They have faith In the
American people and believe they
will support a "greater good"
rather than a “lesser evil." One
point Anderson made in his speech
this past Monday was his commit-
ment to "freedom of choice.” In
the spirit of Thomas Paine, Ander-
son told the crowd to vote their
conscience; to vote for the can-
didate they believed in, rather than
for the one they felt had the best
chance of winning.

* 'k *

For many weeks now, the Carter
supporters have stated “a vote for
Anderson is a vote for Reagan;”
but they may have underestimated
the power of the voting public.‘
What these people may not have
rcalizcd is that the voters might
possibly some out in favor of
Anderson and give him the election.

Gay Alliance to Conduct Poll

by SueSmIIh
In an effort
discrimination at

to decrease
SUNYA and

'across the state. the Guy and Les-

bian Alliance will bc conducting a
survey concerning harassment of
homosexuals throughout next
week.

The purposc of the survey, accor-
ding to Gay and Lesbian Alliance

President Mike McPurlliu, is to
assess tltc altitudes of" SUNYA
stutlcnts, faculty, and stuff. “The

poll will pin down types of

discrimination towards homosex-
uals," he explained.

"The poll is a pilot survcy for the
anticipated SUNY<widc survcy in
the spring," Mcl’artlin said. The
Alliance is hoping to demonstrate
to Chancellor Wharton through this
survey that there is it need for a
stalcwidc policy statement pro-
hibiling discrimination on the basis
of" sexual and ul'f'cctional
prcl’crcncc.

Mci’urtlin

I‘ccls SUNYA's

 

Office

 

JOB OPENING AVAILABLE

Responsible Student Needed for Health Insurance

Preferably Able to Work:

Monday, Wednesday 12z00~2:00 pm.
Friday 11:00 run—2:00 pm.
Tuesday. Thursday 2:304:00 pm. ~
CALL- 457-1850 Monday - Friday 10:00
a.m.-4:009.m. 489-13170 all other times

 

 

gcncral atmosphere has created a
“closctcd community" towards
gays. He wants to bring about a
grcatcr awareness of the gay com-
munity on the SUNYA campus.

“Thch arc many types of
discrimination going on towards
gays — in job hiring. dorm living
conditions, and in the classroom.
One professor referred to guys as
‘gcncric i‘rcuks‘. Another professor
said a student could write a paper
on Miclmcluugclo as long as he
didn‘t mention his homosexuality,"
Mcl’urlliu said.

In rcl'crcncc to job discrimina-
Iiun, Mci’rutliu cilcd that one stu—
dcnl was. tlirctttcncd by other people
who said they would tell his
employers, a social activities com-
miilcc in the dorms, tliztl lic was gay
il~ he didn't resign froru his job.

"I fch it's important for pcoplc
to cxatmiuc their own views on
Iroutoscxtutlily through a greater
awareness of llic guy community,"
Mcl’tutliu concluded.

 

 
  
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Clitss of ' 81 MEETqu

Items for Discussion:
Ceremony for December Graduates
Trips to Atlantic City 6’ Boston
4' Class Halloween Party

Class Dues

Interest

Class TaShirts

Senior Week

MONdAy OCT 27TH AT 9:00 pM C0170

All Class MEMbl-IRS Ans ENCOURAqu To Arrsnd
Rsfnsslrtwsurs Will BE Ssnvsd

 

 

 

 

