 

 

Page Six
Love For Sale

 

R '3le music. both visually and musically, else stood In its path into the budget racks. We
has entered its second childhood. “'5 sit In the midst of this evolution, watching the
retumlng to the days when you might expect Sound become more refined — not more
to see your favorite band on the Ed Sullivan
Show. clad In Identical suits. haircuts. and ties SlmPllClly has bemme Streamllned- we" Pm“
—’ when three guitars and a set of drums were

 

 

enough to create the desired sound — when

Cliff Sloan

sex and drugs Weren’t Inherently linked to
rock-n-roll. It has been an evolution that
began circa 1977 when “punk” or “new
wave" left a complex. progressive sound In the
dust. The trend shifted towards simple power-
chord rock. lyricized with streetvengeanceand
degradation. At this point the music was raw;
a proud declaration of a new sound that
would knock Frampton. disco. and whatever

 

 

u _.__,Mﬁtaﬂrm

Albany Student Press

duced. and generally more accessible to the

public. It's Ed Sullivan rock with the guitar
turned up. It's the sound of Bowie paid tribute
to on Pin Ups. and it's the music that gave
birth to the overwhelming success of The
Knack. Although many contest that we're
witnessing an influx of Beatie clones. this
writer would rather assert that the music Is
timeless, and countless other bands including
The Who, The Kinks, and The Dave Clark
Five are responsible for the sound. In fact. If
you took 'The Dave Clark Five and
transplanted them in 1980. you'd probably
come up with a band that sounds something
like The Romantics.

 
   

Hear the new sound. name no the old sound from The Romantics. above.

complex. merely more refined. The loud

“Nunez”-.. M... a...” .. 1..  .....

ntie Surge

Perhaps the best thing to be said aboftt The
'Romantlcs debut release. simply entitled The
Romantics. Is that It's extremely consistent.
From the opening cut “When I Look In Your
Eyes" to the “Gimme One More Chance"
finale. we are consistently treated to perky.
catching. streamlined rock. The beat Is simple
yet strong. and the guitar work accents the
melodies precisely when your ears tell you It's
supposed to. Their music carries an even.
balanced flow. which renders it predictable
and easy to follow. You'll never be tapping
your feet out of time or starting to sing before
the band does(as we've all done with Daltrey's
scream on "We Won't Get Fooled Again").
The cues are obvious and one need not sit In
deep concentration In order to capture what
The Romantics are all about.

lt's an album iltat'll catch you on first listen.
and one's initial reaction Is to give an absolute
nod of approval. The LP is a solid debut. I
can't help but feel. however, that In a month's
time Tire Romantics will be just another dust
collector in your record rack. The songs are
too similar in style to hold continual interest.
An album needs diversity and several stylistic

Rhode Island Rhetoric

 

February 12, 1980

endeavors in order to withstm
Stones' “Miss You" shared the same viny| with
"Shattered." as did The Beatles’ "Helm
Skelter" and “Rocky Raccoon." and Zel
pelln's “Hot Dog" and "in the Evening." Til:e
Romantics. however. offer no diversity oi
style. I won‘t go through a song by Son
description because they’d all sound the same
The compositions have that mid-sixties sounrl
with crisp. precISe production that'll quickly
gain your attention while not making you think
about It too much. The lyrics are light and
pleasing to the ear but lack bite and urtivic.
tion. You don't believe what they're (all (nu,
members vocallze) singing because they sound
emotionally removed. The Rottiitniics are
always happy, perky. and professional -

Mike Skill plays a vigorous lead guitar which
seems somewhat Imprisoned by tlu.’ music's
simplicity. The rhythm guitar of Wally l’nlinnr.
is the most powerful and moving mow mnship
on the record while Rich Cole on in.» .imi
drummer Jimmy Marlno providu a sitting,
pulsating backbone. Song for ‘vtillli lt'w
negative words cart be levelled figr‘llitsf 'l'hu
Romantics. Yet as a collection tin-w i'liti'un
songs offer one. and only one brand of lurk
The music is good but even litVi'iliuilﬂilii]
looses it's interest if you do it tho mntv my
eleven consecutive times. no rrtaltu litti‘. twirl
it felt the first time. The Romantics rtii‘ no in.
ception.

Providence

hope Eb and Flo fouttd their way to
Providence okay. but did they know
they could take the Greyhound? And I'll have
Eb know that the balding gentleman with the

Aron Smith

fluffy silver moirstache at the counter does not
require faith and good works to find Pro-
vidence — just art even thirty bucks
Another thing. Eb — from one friend to
another — it‘s a good thing you stopped for a

 

 

Brombers Blows on

T hat familiar. down home combination
of country. bluegrass. rock-n-roll. and
blues ls captured beautifully on David
Bromberg's latest release. You Should See
The Rest Of The Bond (a bizarre cover illustra-
tion is provided by National Lampoon's
Gahan Wilson). This album. recorded live
from his Spring ‘79 tour. gives an almost true
to life taste of Bromberg. as well as his ability
to channel his arrogance and sarcasm Into true
artistic expression.

Mitchell A. Greebel

 

 

The first cut. “Key to the Highway."is a
quick rocker with much support from an ever
present horn section. They are helped along
with a strong rhythm line from Hth
McDonald on bass and Lance Dickerson on
drums. while Bromberg and Dick Fegy inter-
change gultar licks.

The second cut on the album. “Helpless
Blues."ls an upbeat moving blues tune. Once
again Bromberg is able to utilize his talented
rhythm section to Its fullest.

The final cut on side one. and one of his
biggest hits, “Sharon” gives us Bromberg's blav
tant antlvfemlnlne attitude. When performed
live, this Is one of his finest songs (as the ten
minute version on the album will verify).
“Sharon” gives us Bromberg's view of a
woman who seemingly enjoys men. both

drooling and busting each others treads over
her: ‘

"Sharon. what do you do to these men you
know the some rowdy crowd that was here last
night is back again!" This live version of
“Sharon” has Bromberg breaking Into a
dialogue with George Kindler's violin.
Brombcrg’s rap during the song clearly shows
his sarcastic sexist attitudes.

On the second side. guest Garth Hudson.
(the mad organist front The Band). joins
Bromberg on the first two songs. The first
tune, "As the Years Go Passing By," ls

perhaps the best song on the album. It flows
slowly with a peaceful jazz touch. Garth Hud-
son provides an eerie and strong solo piece. as
well as background to a great Dick Fegy guitar
solo. George Kindler's electric fiddle does a
good job of leading a solid rhythm section
throughout this tune.

“Solid Gone." features Garth Hudson on

.‘I ain't-MM a I] '
~ -»

 

 

  

 

 

IN THE WEEKS THAT

accordion. A country tune. whose theme is
one of Bromberg's favorite topics "Lost Love."
never falters. Peter Ecklund's trumpet solo is
possibly the finest solo on the entire album.
The dueling mandolins of Dick Fegy and
George Kindler are quite good. as they both
provide a strong rhythm for Bromberg's crying
guitar solos. A well done backup by the horn
section helps make this number a killer.

To close up the album. out of Bromberg's
infamous medleys. comes “Yankees
Revenge." your basic knee slapping lto down;
five songs running right into each other. In
fact. If it wasn‘t for the song listings on the back
of the album you would never be able to tell
that there is more than one song. Both Fegy

and Kindler wail out on fiddle and mandolin
throughout this entire last piece.

Quite obviously this is an excellent album
.

and fortunately for the Albany area. the David
Bromberg Band is bringing its talents to J.B.
Scotts for two shows this coming Thursday
February 14. For those of you who won't bd
able to make it and would have lifted to. pick

up You Should See the Rest o/ the Band. and
at least hear all of them. Q

FANTASTIC
FOUR
SAVE EARTH!

     
 

  

N6 NOTE

 

 

 

 

 

( _..4 storm WHICH THE MEDIA DELIGHTED iNﬂKI

IRAN SOLE EXCEPTION

bite to eat on the road, Downtown l’rin plum u
is not a place to get the munchies. 'l'ltu tw- it
New York import ChockFull~03Nuts tum
tion known as the buttery. whom you Hit.
practice runrting finger relays t't(‘|lts\ tlrv
courtth with the roaches. or compan 
relative merits of Providence and Dun-It owl
burger grease. A little classicr is (littlllttt 1-

Eating and Drinking Saloon. next to '3.

Blltmore. Hanging plants in the \k‘llirl'tﬂ.

round tables, no formlca. real menus lliu

joint's closed up right now and folks am will.
ing up and down on the sidewalk wile 
signs gracing posterior and anterior bulriu

"Hey buddy. you don't wanna go in iltvr. “
The bulge needed a shower.

uWhy not?"

“We're on strike! ‘l'hey pay lousy. tiilnli‘t) I
got a wife and kids — arid now we tint it

union. too!"

“But I just wartt to make a phone t‘nll

“There's a booth over there In the Silllrili' '
He pointed to an island of concrete wher xvii:
women with little blue shopping carts in.
wheels waited for the 3X and the 15. Ont! of
them informed me that I needed to hike mm
to Westminster Street and grab the PIN wit
tuck-aht bus up to North Main . . .

That's Rhode Islandese (which can bun lw
described as the hybridization of Back lim.‘
Old South. and Panhandle Ranch Hand) in:
Pawtucket. one of those non-places that il‘
evitably surround other non~placos and an
not muclt good to anyone iii the long tltii
with the possible exception of budding port
and salty dogs vaguely groping for on film wrr
rhyme. North Main. on the other hand. w
the borne of WJlY — “Joy. the sound m'
beautiful music. 24 hours a day!" No. Ilv'v ill l
not need another newsman, The ltECllllll mu ..
perfectly capable of tearing off the Al’ 1 nin 't'
himself. But maybe next year . . .

WSBE-TV shares a building with tlu' 5M Mt
Security Adrnittistraiion. located on a lull
overlooking the scenic WPA vintage Annual
station. I stepped out of the elevator .qu \‘.'ti't

 

ALSO NOTING THIS FACT was 006 fir/ov-
“C’” THOUGH HE Tﬂﬁ‘lﬂlﬁﬂi 7N If»

I‘M msrrr UPSET 4r .m
GISSEN.‘ HE GAVE ms Irw-
rasrrc mun THE rnour
PAGE AGAIN. AND ALL I
on [if/Ii {rust

      
    
    

 

r Ar BlmtEMIsiiii
P OFESSOR NAT) 1/
com/vs! IMAGINI lili'
{rm/am art/Iris lye, V
THE MAN of [WI/71W, 4 in

   
 

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

   

MY RIGili'FUt l’/./l(l vii;

Ir’s TIME I REL'W/«Tt-iftib
mom or mr Mil/1M [fr/ti

i
l

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

    
  
 
   
   
    
 

A . .
M:w.w.w.mu....,4 .4; ..-. ..c.. ..... .

February 12, 1980

A merican Gigolo is ultimately an unsatis-
fying film. for reasons that shouldn‘t
have happened. Screenwriter Paul Schrader.
whose screenplays have Included Taxi Driver.
Obsession. arid Rolling Thunder. has only
lately gone behind the camera. arid has frank-
ly become a good director. Schrader Is‘one of

Jim Dixon

the most literate Hollywc'rod screenplay-
writers. and as evidenced in American Gigolo.
has developed a fascinatidgly original visual
sense. It just seems that he can't get the two
qualities to mesh on screen. Atrierican Gigolo
is a stunning piece of technical craftsmanship
that falls apart as a drama.
1. .

 

  

 
  

 

Love Ifor Sale

Richard Gere plays Julian Kay. a good-
looklng arid suave gentleman of leisure whom
wealthy matrons pay large amounts of money

for chauffeurlng.translating and other services.
It's in the other services that Julian really
shines. It seems that Julian cart give pleasure
to any woman. but receives little in return.
Julian also ltas stepped on a number of toes
on his way to the top of Los Angeles' gigolo
circles. So. he's an easy target. In what I
assume was meant to be the central conflict in
the plot, a brutal and kinky sex murder is laid
on Julian. who though innocent. has no alibi.

The problem is that this. which should take
up most of Julian's time. seems rather
' peripheral. More time seems taken up by what
should have been a subplot~Jnlian's falling in
love with the beautiful but trnhappy wife of a
senator who's trying to win the Ted Kennedy
look-alike contest. Lauren Hutton. who plays
Mrs. Senator. Is a credit to older women
everywhere. and is. admittedly. far more in-
tvresting" than the rather run-ol-thv-mill sex
murder dreamed up. Nonetheless. I did fuel
that most gigolos would. when accused of a

liliiilt}(lldlt'l\/ drawn to the monitor on the wall.
A hronlosatuus was clubbing lir'vd l:littlstrrtte
into utsvnsthillly.

We'd low to have a college student with
your uxpor‘ivnce to volunteer it couple of
hours a \UL‘t‘k . . . Well. you can fill out an ap-
‘|)llCitllUii. but By the way. what the hell is
an ASP?

My next stop was the Prot'iduncc Journal-
Bulletut. but first I side-tripped over to
McDonald's down on Fountain Street. What
fountain the (lucrepid-looking place was nam~
tad after I'll never know. Probably the Fountain
of Youth.

The girl gave me a dirty look when I told her
to‘hoid the bacon. Who orders an Egg McMuf—
fin iii the middle of the afternoon. anyway?
There was some kind of convention going on
and the place was crawling with high school
kids in dresses andjackets. wearing big “I lullo.
my name is" tags. Believe the. I've seen a lot
of McDonald's (Clewiston. Chambers Street.
Nanuet). but this was the first irt which there
was exactly one seat left in the whole placc. It
was at a single table. directly across front a
past-thirty youngster with it humongous radio
and on olro to liirthll. He was tending the
Journul. munching on a Big Mac. and sipping
a beer. Teddy l’. and thv girls did their thing.
The beer was the local variety. named Narr
mngonsctt. after the boy. I guess. As long as
you're downtown, it's hard to forgot tlu' proxv
itnity to f‘larrangartsett Bay. the final resting
plant for the contents of millions of toilets all
across the tiny state. The beer tastes like its
namesake smells.

“Sorry to bother you. man. but ya know
where I can get some good pot?" Big Mac
looked the straight in the eye and wiped the
ketchup off his face.

“Uh . . ,cr . . . you see. I‘m new in town.
and . . ."

“Hey. I understand. man. Wish I were in
your shoes." Big Mac clrugged the toilet
water. A putrid pink cowl neck named
Marianne tried to impress a white carnation

lapel by naming Baskln-Robhins' Iii flavors.
She was sluck on mandarin chocolate
W

"You lllt‘rlll you turnw all the way from
(‘roorgia to buy a kosher turkey?" I guessed the
cobble never uvun heard of the Wellington

"No. Albany. New York."

"New York! You mean you came all the

The back turned off the meter and drove

me dowlt to the "Juwtslt suction of town".

"This over here's the synagogue. Hey l'll

_ I "Wyu—u-u-

Albany Student Press ~ I 

 

. ........... .-,.,..a._...,....r..... ._.Ao_,..,...,._ out...

 

113.: 22.1,

Page Seven

nit ' .

Star-Spaniel Sex

contrasted against orange bring out the neon
vibrancy of LA. night life. The camera angles
have an originality to them. In one long track-
ing shot, the camera follows ,Gere along a
street. as trashcans. signs and people are bnefv

crime they could spend the rest of their lives In
the slammer for. spend a little more time
pleading innocent or at the very least looking
concerned. Julian just keeps running Into
Lauren Hutton and saying "Oh baby I missed

you" a lot. ’

Another problem is the credibility of Julian's
situation. I could. believe it or not. buy the
frame-up angle. But for a gigolo who is sup-
posedly committed to sleeping with any
woman who's rich enough. Julian ls
remarkable. Not one of his clients looked like a
reject from a leper colony. If one was
guaranteed a luxurious home in an expensive
apartment hotel. a black Mercedesconvertl-
ble. and being paid huge stuns to sleep wltlt at‘
tractlve older women. what man wouldn't
take it up? '

It's a pity that American Gigolo is as bad as
It ls. I haven't seen much better photography
than this Irt any movie. and that combined
with Ferdinando Scarflotli‘s excellent produc-
tion designs. good editing (for the roost part)
and a dynamic electronic musical score.
makes the film one of the most irttprussive
visual exercises to come out so far iii the
young year.

John Bailey's cinematography ls electric.
He uses color as the creatlvé tool It should be.
rather than the Kodak snapshot look television
directors are so fond of. His sharp blues. slaslt~
ed with bright reds, electric. lowln reens

’. 1 l ’ '. .

.t‘)

 
  

 
   

   
 

  

ly Interposed between the lens and subject In
focus but so quick as to be Indlstlnct. The ef-
fect ls rather like watching trees near a
'hlghway go by from the window of a speeding
car. It‘s a whole new way to show the rushed
bustle of city streets.

The acting is good as can be expected from
such a weak script. Gere Is a pro. with im-
pressive past credits and the promise of better
to come. He's one to watch. As always.
Lauren Hutton Is one of the most beautiful
and classiest ladies In Hollywood. She
deserves better than she gets. 7

If Paul Schrader can produce another script
Illke Taxi Driver and combine It with-the kind of
excellent direction he shows here. he could

make himself one of the most exciting of
American film—makers. WIthAmericon Gigolo.
he's taken. some interesting situations, but
hasn’t given the story a strong central thrust.
He meanders all over the countryside and
after two hours pulls a contrived happy ending
out of his hat and expects the audience to go
home satisfied, It doesn‘t work. and I can't
believe that this film will be a bit. It could have
been worse though. The lead was originally
set for John Travolta. ‘ Q

  
   

drive y'around. give ya the tour. No problem.
Meter ain't runnin'. Sevon bucks down here
and back to the Amtrak. Real cheap. And this
is Miriam's. best hospital itt town, Yiddish.
y'know. Of course. they don't only take
Jewish people. they take everyone. y'know

  

. . . I never heard of a kosher turkey before.
That the same as a kosher chicken?" 0

Heroic Jest

America’s newest sex symbol, Richard Gere. demonstrates his professional
skills to Lauren Hutton. '

Have cape, Willis-avel

really don't have anything against most

I of Hero rrt Largo. it just doesn't belong
til .2 movu’ theatre. The plot. thu writing, lltil
(liti’r‘tiutt. everything about If looks like a
ntadtslorr'l'V movie. Now that isn't a bad

Mark Rossier

 

thing if you’re watching television. but when
you pay $3.50. it creates for a less than satisfy-

ing cinematic experience. I wouldn't be sur-
prised if. like Buck Rogers in the 25th Cen-
tury. this turns up on the tube in a few months
and becomes a lift series. It even sounds like a
series  an out of work actor dresses up like a
super-hero. stops crime (I never did figure out
why the criminals were afraid of him). and
Niclsens go down; all very put and predic—

Ilnpofully. they'll find a big picture to print
with this because there really isn't a lot to say
about Hero at Large (silly title). It's just kind of

' there. This is one of those movies you tend to

forget even as you're watching it. John Ritter

is typically John Ritter except that for some

reason he keeps walking around with his shirt

off as If he wants to be the new Burt Reynolds.

. 1 Maybe his wife thinks he has a great body. but

no one in the theatre seemed to. Instead of

& looking like Dudley Do-nght, he cornes'
. . . .

‘0 cross as a John-boy In tights. Hrs perfor~

' mance is adequate until he tries to act toward
the end (when the whole movie bogs down In

' its own cutesy. sentimental hogwash). and he

becomes excruciatingly bad: the epitome of

bad being the moralistic speech he gives to all
of New York on Capt_ain Avenger Day. This
scene should be put Into cold storage until 50-
meone can find a cure for it. Anne Archer Is a

unites the proverbially troubled New York Ci-
ty. Soon, howevd‘r, his holier titan thou
motives become Corrupt. He's exposed as a
fraud. only to come through in a real tragedy
and keep saving lives week after week until the

  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 

 

table.

 
  

fine actress as her performance Indicates.

 

I5 WAY to THE TOP OF srurvcs/wr
T351316 fliE “MAN OF BRONZIUM" wxurs Fém
HIS itfREE_E()_RMER swim/1,1 9145591

  

 

.30fo i5 HTth
R

  

  
   
    

l l
ON TOP OF THE TOWER.
, e .

 

lllllltth 7 ’ ax
LDOKTilE/iE in  // /

  

She's been doing wonderful work for years.
It's unfortunate that she hasn't been ‘able to
find a project worthy of her. However. If this
film becomes a hit. as I'm afraid it might. she
might finally start getting some good offers.
Bert Convy's villain is pure comic book. I wish
someone would find out just what his suppos-
ed calling is‘ so that he can concentrate on be-
ing bad in only one area as opposed to the
three or four helutunts now. Except for Jane
Hallarun as a TV reporter. the rest of the cast.
the script by A,.I. Carotlters. and Martin
Davidson's direction .rll rttt'rvly serve their pur-
pose ~ no'trroru. no less. I think this is stip-
posed to be one of those entertaining. “ft-cl
good" movies. but it just left me urt'tpty. Hero
ut Large is a T.V. show that somehow found
it's way onto the big silver screen and in the
transfer. things got stretched a little. too than

   

 

 

 

 

 

Militia) A5 T HE V I E
DIRECILY UNDER unit
L_.___

 

 

p.73. 1..,« -'5 . .73..”

