 
 

 

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

 

 

ML..- .. . c ..  .  m.   ._ _. 
In... 2   a  ' comma-aw- "? ‘ 12' Ida"

 

A Rep. (empany Starts over-In Alban

ick of waiting around for good jobs.
fourteen ‘ Individuals decided to
create their own. They had no
money. no hackers and no theatre to per-
form in. But. they started their own repertory
cdmpany anyway:
The group saved up $500 and settled in
nearb Greene Count ..

Marie Cortissoz.

TWe found this beautiful piece of land with
a big, run-down barn and we talked the
owner into letting us have it rent-free in
return for fixing it up." explained Michael
Van Landlngham. the company's producing
director. ' '

“The people around there Just wrote us off
that first year. They thought we were hipped
basket weavers who had just done too many
hallucinogenlcsfhadded Van Landlngham.

But. for the last few summers the Lex»
ington Conservatory Theatre, which has
grown to include 110 members. has played
to sold-out houses.

50. this fall. the Equity Theatre Troupe
formed the Capital Repertory Company In
an attempt to become Albany's only resident
professional theatre. Their new home is
SUNYA's Page Hall. located on the
downtown campus.

Van Landingiram admits the whole ven-
ture is a big gamble. However. he adds:
“This company doesn't function unless we're

 

 

doing something no one else does. We like a ’

challenge."

Right now. things are hectic for the fledgl-
ing Capital Rep. Their office is chaotic. but
it's a friendly. informal chaos. Bags of mail
are strewn on the floor along with programs
for the Company’s first production. Joe Egg.
Play reviews and interviews are tacked
haphazardly on the walls next to children's
drawings. The sounds of QBK blare from the

   

Soil- kndon (1)0! The Guiding Light fume. and Richard Gamble In perfor-

radion‘ . ‘
Dressed in old jeans and a flannel shirt.
Van Landlngham sits behind a huge clut-
tered desk. Members of the company drift in
and out while he talks.

“We're like a big family. The original four-
teen of us have been close since college.'.'
stated the producing director. Those four-
teen peopie. along with six others. par-
ticipated in the University of California at [r-
vlne‘s undergraduate repertory theatre. The
project lasted for about four years during the
'60'5: ‘

. “We always had a tacit agreement that we
could one day start our company. Five years
later. fourteen of us were living in New York
City. so we decided to go ahead with the
idea." explained Van Landlngham.

A staff member wanders in looking for
pliers before Van Landlngham’can continue.

“Anyhow, we ended up in Greene Coun-
ty and we used the wood from the old sheds
to build our sets." The group also eventually
opened the County‘s first cabaret as well as a
restaurant.

Using the barn as their theatre. the com-
pairy staged plays during five consecutive
summers. It was summer stock. right?
Wrong. at least according to Van Lair«
dingham: “l irate that phrase. lt smacks of
safe choices. like. uh. Oklalrorrra —— not that
i don't like Oklahoma -— it's just not what
leaps ttrto my mind when i think of play
choices. You know what l'd really like to do?
We have a play that is a new wave musical. i
think its tirrte has conre. But. anyway the
only resemblance we have to summer stock
is that Lexington took place iii the summer."

Because of the Lexington success. the
company divided to find a year-round
home. and Albany seemed to be a natural
choice. it had no professional theatre aird it's
close to New York City. where many of the
company are involved. Van Larrdingham

none. of Joe Eu. (TI-on" photo. by David Ford)

it's a toy for all ages.

on just one.

result:
for transfer.
ed Japanese.

reciting Hamlet.

 

Well worth it!

f A Gift For All Seasons

Everybody's got that friend on their Christmas
list - you know. the kind of person that seeks
the unusual. not the passe. if gadgetry is up their
alley. then try giving them the "Sound Glzmo."

A description is nearly an impossibility. but pick
one up and begin playing with it and you may
end up owning one yourself. Technically. it is a
sound effects generator capable of producing
each of the functions shown in the picture. It
runs on a 9-volt battery and will work for hours

As a miniature test~market. the staff of Aspects
played with a “Sound Gizmo" for one night. The

0 Joanne Weiner - resigned. last seen packing
Q

0 Ed Pmka — resigned. presumed to have turn-

- Ron Levy ~A last seen in it corner smiling and W...

0 At last report. techies Michael Bldfl'lldll and
Carina Shlpotofsky were seen wrestling for cori-
trol of the “Glzrno” inside a locked darkroom.
The "Sound Gizmo" is manufactured by l-‘un—
dimensions. and is guaranteed to do nothing to .
improve your mental health. Price: $25. and
- Jun McCourt

W

 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

vii-int

1‘,

 

an":
O! '

   

     
  

 

 

Y

 

 

Capital Rep.: Seeking

in the th elite.

 

searched for elghteeir months before looking
at Page l'lall.

“l walked in arid it just felt good." he ex-
plained. "i don't really know exactly what
happened. but we were invited to use it on a
trial basis."

[it return. the company agreed to do ‘

whatever it could to help the university. Van
Landlngham teaches a course in the theatre
department. and the company has several
SUNYA interns. Capital Rep is also offering
discounts to students.

in addition to the free use of Page Hall.
the company has managed to procure other
donations front the Albany community.
“Right now we're good for their souls —— and
eventually we'll be good for their pocket-
books." says the producer. laughing.

Right now. members of the company are
splitting their time between Albany arid New
York City.

Company member Sofia Landon plays
f’am iir Joe Egg and stars as Diane Ballard iii
the daytime soap. The Guiding Light; she is

Millie};
And

also Van Landingham's wife. The tall. beard-
ed producer sits with his arm around her
during a lunch break. He sips carrot juice.
murrches on an alfalfa sprout salad. aird
listens as Ms. Landon talks about her irr-
volvement: “We share a business partner-
ship. lt's exciting arid it's great working
together."

The two only see each other on
weekends. Says Van Landlngham. “i don't
know what keeps us together. btit whatever
it is — it's real strong."

Other members of the company are also
living a split existence. But. they are coping.
Aird if opening night is any indication. cop-
ing quite well with their new home.

The audience at their first performance is
an interesting mix. People who have to have
come straight from the Village are offering
champagne to men in three—piece suits. who
look like they have to be Albany politicians.
They are all sharing opening night smiles.

it seems like Albany and Capital Rep are
going to get along just fine. 0

Experimentation

he theatre lights at Page Hall have
gllol yet gone out. The audience is

talking to each other when sudden-
ly a voice on stage demands to know where
all the noise is coming from.

It takes a moment to realize that the
Capital Repertory Company's production of
Joe Egg has begun.

Yet. right from that first minute. the com-
pany’s self confidence in their roles is evi-
dent.

Peter Nichols‘ tragi-cotnedy is written from
his own experiences with a retarded
daughter. The play opens on the crumbling
marriage of a young English couple. Their
daughter. a helpless spastic. has driven the
husband to the breaking point. forcing him
to rely on bitter humor to mask his feelings.

The wife. who feels responsible for the
tragedy. clings to the irrational hope that one
day their daughter will respond.

The play's structure is broken by
vaudeville-like scenes in which the
characters speak directly to the audience.

it is iii these scenes that the actors' corn-
piete grasp of their characters is most clearly
displayed.

Kit Hanigan. as the mother. combines
t:()liipii55itilt and a love for all humanity into
her portrayal. Her obvious love for her child
is quilt.- heartbreaking and her monologues
are moving

James Goodwin Rice portrays the llii‘r
band with an energy that is boundless. llis
frustration at work and an tmpnssrlrle home
life leaves him having to always mask his
feelings. Rice gives us a glimpse of the man's
total despair and makes us understand his
eccentric behavior. Only in the scenes iir

which he imitates a forelgrr doctor does he
lose his pace and beconre too cloyiirg.
Despite that point. it is an excellent perfor-
mance.

Richard Gambe is effective as a somewhat
confused but kind friend. His wife. played by
Sofia London. is a somewhat shallow in-
dividual who is repulsed by the retarded
child. Ms. Landon shows us why the woman
is so seemingly uncaring.

All of the members of the cast have played
in last summer's Lexington production of
Joe Egg. with the exception of Becky
Haven. who is making her Capital Rep.
debut. She plays the child with great feeling.

Joe Egg will be playing through December
21. Ticket prices range from $4 through
$10. — Mario Coniuo:

Joine- Rice and Kit Flanagan.

 

 

a“:

    
 

, Mu.» Ark—.Ibo-av-wy—k
..... ....r in...  ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

lDecember 12. 1980

  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 

of Hollywood. you have absolutely
no business reading this when
you're supposed to be at the movies. it‘s
Christmas. You're in a festive mood -—
didn't you know? You want to he entertain-
ed. You're in a mood to spend money.

As a public service. l'm writing this to let
you know what's going to be out there to
spend money on.

Jim Dixon

The Christmas movies tend toward the
ommerclal. but as a rule there's something
or everyone. Comedies are a staple. tlrougir
r sually not the variety the market was glut~
ed with this past summer. t.e. Caddysliack.
Used Cars. et. al. The moguls want to get
he middle—aged audience out there. Which
5 why there's a Neil Simon-scripted movie
ut virtually every Christmas season.

This year's Neil Simon movie is called
eemo Like Old Times. starring the irri-
eirsely popular team of Chevy Chase and
Goldie Hawtr. with Charles Grodin as the
taid heavy. it doesn't matter who directed it.
iecause no one is allowed to direct a Neil
inron movie who will do anything but get
'very word of the screenplay on the screen
'xacily as written (no ad libblng is over allva
’Ll on a Neil Simon movie). and make sure
lrere's nothing iii the way of cinematic ex»
)eriirrentlirg that irrtglrt distract anyone. Most
if Simon's screenplays are done by theatei-
rained (lireCtors like Robert Moore and
icibert Ross. Willi airy luck. Seems like

old 'l‘iirics will be a cut above most of
 Simon‘s recent outings. which have been on
 the Loin.- Boat level of originality. Alldlt'lll‘u‘i
will have a chance to jude on December
 nineteenth. when it Opens in the Capital
District.
Clint Eastwood nearly always has it
'A‘r, release at Christmas time. and they've tradi-
' tioiially done well for him. Any Which
_ Way You Can. a sequel to the enormously
successful Every Which Way lint LUUSt'.
opens on December seventeenth. The
. ortgitral cast returns intact. reprising their
original roles. Area theater managers are ex-
pecting a sizable hit. The odds are good.
Though the lackluster box office receipts of
Eastwood's recent films Escape From
Alcatraz arid Bronco Billy have proven his
commercial vulnerability. “ stwood is still as
close to invincible as any current star.
Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder are
remitted itr Sidney Pottier‘s Stir Crazy, a
comedy about two men serving time for anti»

ccording to the marketing geniuses
, /

 

  
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 

 

r

   

.
I'l'l' 0,

ehbie. Debbie. Dribble. you should

have headed north from Jersey.

not west! Sure »» California has
lots of sun. songs about cars. laid-back life
Slide. new musicians. and new techniques.
But these forces have turned your clean.
crisp N.Y.C. sound into just another lady
with some good song: Your hand got lost in
the process.

Ed Pinka

Blondle's new album Autooiiioririm marks
the band's first Western production and It
sounds it. Like so many other California
based albums. it features many li-ilf itiontilt'
out experiments. Mike (ill make you No it
Chapman has ahoutfaceil the accessible |1Ull
sound of Parallel Lines and [fat to thc firm!
for air over-mix of lrtglrly confused proilut
ttoii

Let's not let the band off the litnilt vithvi it

"Dtiﬂatﬁ only Jimmy Dutiftl it'illt'lltlit'iN that If
is that shrieking. setinctiw voice of l lirriy'n in
lht.‘ higher ranges that pulls. isloiiiliv sump “it
from mediocrity to success.

l)L‘Sirl's writing credits on the album in
clude “Angels on the Balcony" dtltl "Wlllli
Like Me." “Angels features the lrluai'lii'il oni-
llm‘lltiu smoothly tliiorigli llin ready to tip

 

 

 

Sound in: :“..:....

 

Christmas Blitzkrieg

ed robbery. l have some doubts about this
one. borne mainly from doubts about how
funtry prison really is. There‘s always room
for surprise though. it opens on the twelfth.

Though the exact release date is uncer-
tain. A Change of Seasons is being
marketed for Christmas. atrd it's probably
safe to assume that it will open by then. Ap—
parently a cross between Bob and Carol and
Ted and Alice and “10.” A Change of
Seasons is 80 Derek‘s second major filnr.
Once again. she plays a fantasy lust object
for a middle-aged man. though this time
without cornrows. Anthony Hopkins plays a
college professor who goes through yet
another cineriratic bout of male iiietioprruse.
Shirley Mircl.aine plays his wife. Tensions
during filming (some of which were at‘
tribulerl to Bo's husband. John Derek) carts-
ed director Noel Black to be replaced by
Richard Lang. As Long. bust-known for his
TV wotk on Kung Fit and last stiiiiiiii'i”s The
Mountain Mun is bastcallv Alli action tili‘t'Cltll
of the Sam l’eckitrpirir school. the results
could be interesting Sonic of the flint was
shot near the Capital District

Jane Fillliltl. Lily Tomlin. .itid Dolly l’rir»
ton co stat in Nine to Five. a comedy
rilltiill a trio of secretaries directed by Colin
(Foul Play) Higgins This has some pirniiist’.
if only for Fonda's tln'spiaii tiilt'tits. Hilton's
iiiiiirriiriiiies. 'I'iiinltir's l'tliilt'tllt' flair. .irrd
lliggiiis‘ [ittiitt‘it'iit‘v lwliriril the cairn-iii Tinl
casting riltiilt' should bring iir llll' audit-tires.
This too is i'xpirctetl before (‘hiistinirs A
soundtrack by Ms Dolly has already been
released by RCA.

Comedies aren‘t the only movies being
shot these days. though lllL'it' .rir tinws
when it fur-ls like it l)t-cciiibci is expected to

, .

bring at a couple of big-budget mystery
thrillers.

On December nineteenth. both The Mir-
ror Cmck'd and The Formula are
scheduled to open. The Mirror Crack'd is an
Agatha Christie adaptation produced by
John Brabourne and Richard Goodwin.
who produced Murder on the Orient Express
and Death on the Nile. Encouraged by the
box office appeal of Hercule Poirot.
Brabotrrne arid Goodwin decided to try out
Christie's other famous sleuth. Miss Marple.
played this time by Angela Lartsbury.
Elizabeth Taylor costars. '

The Forrriulo. based on Steve Shagan's
bestseller. iras its roots iii the energy crisis.
The premise is that during World War ii. the
Nazis perfected a formula for a synthetic fuel.
which would end the problems with OPEC
once and for till. Naturally. the Arabs would
stop at nothing to supress it. and thi.I West
\votild stop at nothing to get it. George C.
Scott is lltc' good guy. Marlon Brando is the
bad guy Matte Keller is the girl (i fow's that
for- lriglr~priwcied castitrg?l. Joint (i.
Avildsen. 1977 winner of the Academy
Award for best director for lr‘oclry directed.

Also due the lllllL’ll't'lifll is file inriptecirtli
it'nrirki' of The Jan: Singer. This vr'iston
siiiiicks suspicously of an ego trip for Neil
Diamond. who makes int. acting debut. and
wrote all flit' songs l.rilllt'iit't‘ Ulivit'r was

’ stickt'ii'il into it sotiri'liiiw l'iii probably in-
mg tiiii llrllll till ll. as it lltl'vllll tipr'nr'tl yet.
liit'liriiil Hirisilir'i. wlui llilt'L'lt'll Soyli'itt
(iit'i'ti. rilltl ‘f'otrt' l'iiiiil l‘oto‘ was lil'llllltl
cairn-ta,

()r lllt’ll itgititi. IllriVllt' llt‘ inst iiirrtdt-il
wrirk.

Only oncI iiig science fantasy epic is tlliL'
out for Christmas. Flash Gordon is

 7.]

. HOIIYVOod’s Box omce Gold nush

.
already in the theaters. making f the first big
Christmas film of the year. and it's reviewed
this issue. Though some other big S-F
movies are in the works or pending release.
the genre seems to have peaked for the time
being. Apparently mythical epics such as
John Boorman's Knights (an Arthurian
legend from Merlin's point of view). John
Mtlius' Conan the Barbarian. and Clash of
the Titans are typical of the next big wave of
escapist films. Expect some of these and
Superntan If for next summer.

in keeplirg with the trend of bringing com.
lc strip heroes such as Superman. Flash Gor-
don and Tire Lone Ranger to the big screen.
Popeye looms as the most interesting
Christmas ftlnr of the year: certainly the most
interesting conglonieration of talent has been
assembled for it. Jules Feiffer wrote the
screenplay. wlrlclr has been produced by
Robert Evans. best-known for such violent
thrillers as The God/other. Chinatown. and
Marathon Man. Robert Altman. director of
M'A 'S'H and Nashville has brought E.C.
Segar's original comic strip to the screen iii a
live action version starting Robin Williams
and Shelley Duvall.

Popeye was filmed entirely on location iii
1 ' Continued on page 8a.—

I

   

 

Pathetic Earthlings . . .

 

How The West Vlas Lost

niturl Artists. tillt‘ of the “tritijors”
% its people iii the filiii intliistiy say.
was supposed to have two big

wintt-i wit-rises this Vt’tll One of them. Ir‘og
trig Bull. is doing good business iii New York
and has received gent-rally favorable
reviews. The other was Ifcritit'n's (irrit-
licoitcii's (itlft' was the llfrlliit'lilltl of
Michael (Timino. the young At‘rltlt'lllV Award
winning director of 'f'lii' f)t‘t’t flitllft't it cost

h —i;lie  many

 

V 5 l : if: it other
Lﬂi . .  California-
 " based albums.

r Autoumerican

features many
A " ‘ hull-thought

out ex-
periments.

   

llillt‘ (tillllillllll'llft'il by irkivlli'rit tlitiiiniiiiig
by (’li'iii iiiiiln'

Aliltlltl’l llt'Nlit ltillt’ "l to flit' Hark."
ft'illlllt" sax. lllrlll 'l'iiiir ‘uirit on lyiii'iiii iIIl
an llﬂvlillrill i'ffi't’t

'l'lri' tI||t‘lllll§l flillt’, "l iiit rpn." Ia .i good It]
‘rllllllll'llliil lt ll'tltl‘i llil’ llnlt'lil'l niriwly .rliinii
'til lh'bbii'
slit't't'li

(iciiigiir Miiiiiilut's "(Kill My" tiifliir'nt‘tI t‘i
tiltll tllllllllll’ on "Live it Up." but lllt' voice in
not i'rriiitgir to i any It tluiiinili tllli' to burn”.-

lilt’rlli‘v lillli tl put-tiilii-aiiiitl

tliirtyrsix million dollars and a lot of time to
llltll(L' Citiiiiio wrote and directed lft'iiiii'n's
(ittfi‘. ii serious western abotil native and ini
migrant pioneers. alone. Supposedly, not
even tliiI Ll.A. executives who raised the
money for tluI epic were allowed to sue Ilu!
rushes. Ciniino had “final cut." a contractual
agreement prohibiting anyone but himself to
edit fllL' fliiill filiri What rllilit’rilt'tl on the

screen was three hours tlllil fiiiiyfiyt'

'I'hl's Band Needs A 'l'une-Ilp

production aird iUDK‘fllltlili-i playing The
Blondie trademark consists of a distinct voice
over iion~dislinctiyu playing.

“Here's Looking At You" has a twenty's
droll W plenty of strings and background
horns minus llil.‘ wit or the sarcasm.

“Go Through it" is a more interesting
flurry/Stein collaboration. "fin" features ii
country-styli- vocal crfririnance and Latin
sounding horns "Rapture" has Debbie first
sounding angelic their switching to a street
tough rap-along.

The main problem with the album is con
sistency The group abandons their strengths
for weak exptrrinrcnttrtitiii,
musically anew for Blondie w jazz sax.
iittccluhbv heat while still built around fltt'
strength of l)i-bbii-'s scream 'l'ht' rllfilCIllL‘ll
llttlli’ll "l lt're't. Looking At You" and flit' hit
smgli' “The Tide ls l ligli" have Dt‘lilllL' stiain
ing in the lower vocal iiiirgt's.

Since llt‘i debut album. Bffltltfll‘ and
Plastic l.i-tlr‘ts. filorrilic's efforts have been it
hit disappointing. Riding on Clrirpiirrnr's
coniini'icial genius. Blondie is blitzing the
lllt'tlltl Airtorirnr-ti‘cnri has its brief inoiirents.
1 Just liopi! that after the ititiVltBH and com»
iircicfals. success will not tarnish lllt’ creativi-
ty this hand once exhibited. Please don't
wL'lltl iirt- searching fora brunette. 0

"Faces" is

minutes long

One could say that its opening was less
llltlll auspicious Audiences reportedly
booted. throw things at fllt' screen and left
early The critics painted 'it.
"litconrpielrensiblc." ‘coiifuslng."
"disjointed." and “not very good" were
sonic of llll’ adjectives ilSL'tl to describe it. fit
less than ll week United Artists withdrew the
filiir. reportedly at the request of Cinrliio
himself

(:llllllit) claims piililicly that he did not
have the tune to edit the flliir properly
United Artists claims that they were nervous
prior to the opening. as the llllll was overly
long aird they hadn't had a chance to screen
it until theI last minute. According to Variety.
the bible of the entertainment industry.
security measures were unusually stringent
There were no preview screenings. a device
which has helped many directors decide
how to edit the final version of a film. based
on the reactions of actual audiences.

Apparently. United Artists is ready to in
vast up to another ten million dollars into the
already over~hudgct pioject to re-edlt it
Ciniino himself is reportedly going to super-
vise the editing. though it has been question-
ed by sortie U.A. insiders that Clnrirro can
successfully OVL’i’ColiiU his own biases
enough to restructure the filiri.

To those of us who haven‘t seen the film.
the prospects are still tantalizing. Several
people involved with The Deer Hunter. lir-
cluditig actor Christopher Walken. producer
Joirtitr Carclli anti clneiiratograplrcr Vilnros
Zsignrond worked on l‘fL‘tiUL‘tt'S Gate. and
the possibilities are still fascinating. The cast
liiclurl'cs Kris Kristofft'isotr. Jeff Bridges.
French actress Isabelle i'luppcrt anti
Jolinf'l‘lii' fffcpliortl Mun) l‘ftirt.

'l'hv ie-editcd fluitiiun's Gate is hoped for
sometime in February. though Unlted'Artisls
have not committed tiierirselvvs to a firm
release date

- Jim Dixon

 

 

