  

 

   
 
 

 

 

 

 
 

,

Pre—Health Professionals
RAFFLE

and pencil sale

 
 

 

__ ooking for a house
or the summer?

  
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
      
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 

 
    
 

 

 

PRIZES donated by:
The Turf Inn
Parc V Restaurant
Northway Cinema
Red Lobster '

   

Sub-let up to eight rooms
' inya house 50
W feet from the
lumni bus-stop

Janice Call 457-8806 or 457-8821
‘ ' OTHER PRIZES:

$Money$ ' -
9. true Bibe Are. sung? '

Midland Records gift certificate
Middle Earth is forming a group focusing on

4 ft. hand crafted mirror
*Maintaining relationships after
leaving SUNY

*Saying good—bye
* What do I do with my life from here?

   

 

 
  

      

 

 

 

 

50 cents for 1 chance and pencil

$1 for 3 chances and 3 pencils
CALL NOW!!!
The drawing
NIGHT,3-26

is TOMORROW

  

March 25. 1980

 

 

 

' .. ..x.....~::—'-.‘§i:r,:;n.

  

 

    

G eorge M. Cohan once wrote that his
“theory of popular playwrlting" was to
"first. think of something to say, then say It in
[he waytthe theater-goer wants to hear It said."
Following this formula In the early 1900's
brought Cohan tremendous success as an
American playwright. and upon witnessing the
lCapitol Repertory Company's production of
Cohan's "The Tavern," It appears that his
theory still applies today.

At Baca \

 

“The Tavern" is a light-hearted comedy
which takes place on a stormy night as a
nameless philosophical vagabond takes refuge
in a country tavern near the state capital. Dur-

 

 

Paul—7—8737

r u
:sl'

Repertory P

 

Group begins Tues April 15th at 8:00
Group'size is limited

Call Middle Earth at 457-7800
for more information

   
    
  
   
  
  

Estelle—76200

 

All proceeds to Pro-Health Professionals 5“de

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

    
 

Attention: 
Seniors and Faeulty 

Graduation Regalia (Gaps and Gowns)

      
   
  
   
     
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
 

  

     

must be ordered no later than

Friday, March 18th

Before you leave for vacation

 
      
         

(thru the Follett Bookstore)

 

 
     
   

After this date the caps and gowns can

not be ordered
through l-‘ollett '

  
 
 

 
 
 

 

r

.LBLiB.
Vinnie Birbiglla and Doug Jacobs took a
whole year to promote break-even corr-
certs at the Madison Theater. “It wasn't prov
fitable." says Vinnie iii a recent inter'vrew at
.J.B. Scott's nightclub. “But we did it to
establish our credibility " That credibility is
now paying off for .J.B. Scott's in wlrrclr Vrnr
nie, Doug. atrd Bill Adams are partners Doug
and Vinnie also own .l B. Scott's Productions.

the prorrtoting organization which concen
trates on the Capital District

William Goodfriend

hr the back of the popular nrusri t ltilt rs Ilrr'tr
busy office. it was arntd lltt' trrrtw Ilir‘tr‘ tlnr

 

t'trdless piles of patrol», and trvlwplronv Mill‘-
tlrat l spoke with Vilrltit‘

.l B. Scott's is a well known ])t‘trII|I»It'I who
has helped the Albany .rr.-a her (lllit' a tttltsit‘al
market and aided .J.li 's in beionrrrrg
showcase for the New York City clubs lrr
deed. the joint is jumping all the time Wllt‘li
shows are not being performed, equipment is
being set up for the next one. The office
phone is constantly ringing wtllr other pro-
nroters and agents or simply for custorrrer
queries. On this particular evening, the stage
has been added to and made to protrude an
extra five feet into the audience. In addition to
that enlargement, the group coming in, The
Jam. is using an unusually large crew to set up
uncommonly powerful speakers for a club of
Such size. Tire speakers are tested at high
volume and my bones vibrate to the pulsating
sound of Pink Floyd's, The Wall. For a short

 

-m

presents

66 99
0d
with

at
Page Hall Sideshow

o . .

a V.

9' i
. ' - \r
, «a o x -. v 1
 '7 a“? -_ I

Ing the course of the evening, the romantic
drifter takes pleasure In directing the antics oi
his fellow orphans of the storm and capturing
the hearts of all present. included In this
ensemble of assorted characters Is Freeman.
the tavern-keeper; his son Zach: Governor
Lamson and his wife; their daughter Virginia;
and her fiance Tom Allen.

The Vagabond. a role originally created by
Cohan as a vehicle for his own acting abilities.
Is the nucleus of the play. All the action
centers around this character who. if por-
trayed successfully. will single-handedly cap-
ture audience affection. Such was the case on
Saturday afternoon when Michael J. Hume. a
veteran off-Broadway and community theater
performer. artfully charmed his way through

   

Vagabon and Virginia in Capital

of George M. Cohen's "The Tavern."

Abo

time, my conversation with Vinnie treats that
of a screaming match.

Vinnie was at first a part-time salesman at
Alexander's irr New York at the age of 18.
From there he eventually became assistant
buyer and then buyer of records for their 58th
Street Manhattan store.

Upon arriving in Albany, Vinnie worked as
General Manager for ’l'ranswrrrld Music's
wholesale operation and it was then that he
met Doug Jacobs of liaja l’roducltons "They
were always asking, Iiit' what rm rods were st'll
itrg llttrally mud ‘Wi-ll. III\.I ritl\‘|l e rs \liilllril‘lt‘.'

and We ltllliil' l min ourr ('irilltlirilitiii, \-.lrIr h ts
how we got .l ii "krrll's l’rotlut litrtl‘: "

" hung a It't ottl l‘IIIJr'I  llt' says, "you t'iilr'l
tudgw rlt is try your own iiiii‘rll’til tastes." As a

buyer III Nov: York City. Vttnue would see
rtIItnt-rotrs torrn'rts. sorrn'titrn's as many as
three with rrlglrt "l saw Fleelwood Mat‘ a con
ple of years ago and I thought they were ter‘ri
lrle. persr rrrnlly Yet. they had that commercial
sound and that dww people to see them It's a
strange opt-ration," he reflects.

The 33 year old entrepreneur explains the
promotions process and its effects. According
to him. if a group has a "real heavy manage-
ment company," then large scale promotional
campaigns will occur. For instance the corri-
pany which manages Cheap Trick also
handles ()ff»l3roadway. "Now whether Off»
Broadway is good is really irrelevant. Their
agent. A.T.l.. puts ‘x' anroutrt of pressure on
promoters. You have to take the lesser known
groups along with the major groups."

Apart from that kind of arrangement with

 

 'i'hursda 

April 11 and 12,
9:00 pm.
'I'ix at Just-A-Sonq

 

I Aspects on Tuesday '

. out one actor as the backbone of the play, for

 

est In thede

the role at the Empire State Theater'wlth a
mixture of humor. wit. and energy. His
familiarity with the character stems from his
portrayal of the Vagabond In the 1977 Lex-
Ington Conservatory Theater production of
"The Tavern."

it would be an Injustice, though, to single .

this production was a perfect integration of ac-
ting. directlon. and set design. Court Miller,
who played Freeman In the 1977 production“
returned to the role of the quick-tempered In-
nkeeper with renewed vigor and vitality. ,
Lawrence C. Lott brought with him an air of ,i
aristocratic respectability as Governor Lam-
son, and Sophia Landon. known to many as
Diane Ballard on the CBS soap opera “The

Guiding Light." was very credible as his lean“. M' com“ (ha) in - "en.

vivacious and flirtatious daughter Virginia.
Stephen Misbet's portrayal of Tom Allen con-
veyed the snobbish. pseudo-intellectual per-
sonality of the character.

Director Peter Clough kept the action at a
frantic pace. with characters continually
dashing about the stage at a speed which was
not so fast as to confuse the audience. but fast
enough to bring excitement to the stage. This
was the appropriate method of direction for
this play since the only character development
was in the Vagabond. The remainder of the
emphasis was placed on his interactions with
the other characters. it was necessary.
therefore. to stage the movements of the
Vagabond in a way which reflected his free
spirited personality. Clough accomplished this
task with a mixture of a light-footed prancing.
dancing and jumping.

Set designer Robert McBroom added to the
overall impact of the play by creating the in-

,terior of a rustic country tavern. His difficulty

utV’

agencies, “Record companies will put ‘x'
amount of money into an act based upon what
they feel that act is going to produce." if the
whole budget allotted to the band is not used
up irr the recording studio, the remainder
might then be channeled towards a national
tour. Tour buses (mi about $600 per week.

After a recent performance by the Good
Rats. l spoke wrtlr guitarist Mickey Mart’ht'llo
When asked what sort of promotions they are
formally engaged III. he said. simply. “Zip "
Marclrello feels that the group's fans [ii-riiirrit'
the group

Vliiltir‘ adds "The (itrrrtl Rats have proven
that they «on wll albums by doing then ow
protnotrotrs' 'lhwgll strlrli Till shtrwiasrng at
llli' lSottonr New York (iii; and
possibly be gutting a minor reiord ronrpany
deal before Ilit'ii trtuxt albrtrrr comm out III

l.tnu nr

tlutri‘

Yet Villlilt' puts equal emphasts on listeners
as he does on promotions in deciding it
group's success. “We have died with trrarry a
good group here." he remembers. The
youthful and energetic promoter feels that this
is because of Albany's only large progressive
rock station. WQBK, which has a limited
listenership. "Record companies have not felt
that Albany is a viable market as far as putting
iii a lot of dollars. because we're so close to
New York and Boston.

"We're now proving that Albany is a
market. For example," ire points out, “look
what we did last week with the Specials. We
drew 600 people with only QBK playing the
record." ‘

One group that needs little protrrotion Is the
Kinks, who've been denying all interview re-
quests during their current tour. Says Vinnie,
“It's the mystique. To keep the mystique up,
that's the bottom line. Maybe' there's
something going on and they don't want
anybody to know."

J.B. Scott's Is a key dealing poitrt lt‘r arrang»
Ing interviews with groups that play Ihtl area.
"When you're dealing directly with the
management of a group and you've dealt with
them before, they take your word on things."
And Vinrrie‘s word is that interviews can only
help to promote a show and a group. Yet, he
adds. rrrarry groups avoid doing Interviews,
“because they hear the same questions asked
of them and that's another reason why a lot of

'space to accomodate Clough's staging, but

Irave to move their seats." if people aren't

or minimums will have to be used, which Vin-

protrroting. “People complain that the price is
too low, and that therefore. the group can't be
that good," he muses. On the other hand.
when you charge $9.75 to see Foglrai, “they
don't realize that the tax as well as the hand]-
lng charge is included in the price of the
ticket.

organized concerts increase the rrrarkel price
for performers. This is due to the fact that corr-
cert boards are not otrt to make money and
can afford to pay the performer a little extra.
while just breaking even or taking a slight loss
on the event

litre

r

 
     

from the orienul prodﬂcﬂon

was in designing a tavern with enough floor

 

which did not appear empty when activity was
minimal. He overcame this problem by the use
of three levels —— a main floor. a stairway, and
a second-floor hallway. His depiction of a
stortn was also very effective. A combinattnn
of simulated lightnirrg and thunder with a gust
of wind which hurtled the actors across the
stage whenever the tavern door was opened
provided the ingredients for a very believable
storm.

Credible acting. skillful direction. and
creative set design tnade this production of
"The Tavern" a successful one. Judging from
the reaction of the audience. Cohan's theory
of playwr'itirrg hasn't weathered much, since
the Capital Repertory Company's production
invited the same enthusiastic audience
response that Cohen's original production
‘elicited in tire early 1900's.

J

 

groups refuse to do interviews."

Recently. Vinnie and Doug have each been
trying to acquire the position of manager of
the Palace 'l‘lteatre, which is owned by the Cl.
ty of Albany A woman in her 60's no
manages the place. but Vinnie feels that hi
experience would be more useful to the
theater. He will probably not get the position
because of a residence technicality. but he
relates his experience in the field of classical
music A buyer for Brentano's. Vinnie started
the [rush Iitl bookstore <hain ttt purchasing
and sr'llrtrg ll't «ads at thr'rr Non York. Boston
and l5l‘\lllll,' llrlls storm llr’ lu'ltr'k‘t’s that lhi.
and his othr-r r'Kltt'ilt‘II' r' Ill‘. es liilII the musical
baikgrotnnl for handling the ballets. opera.
and svliiiilittillr‘s

Arror'titng to Vililllt‘. lJoug .ltruilis' musical
past has helpr'il to rtrake .‘ l1) 's a cottrfottable
place to both \kaich and to perform a show
Jacobs was a musician with the rrow defunct
band Whitney Sunday. The band had an
album ortt on MCA and a couple of singles
recorded on Capitol Records. "Doug knew
how he was treated on the road. We've tried
to build .J.l3. Scott's with the musician in rrrirrd
and with the customer in mind," Vinnie told
me.

A significant amount of money is made by
selling drinks. But, says Vinnie, “we're not in
the habit of telling people who are sitting in the
front row that if they don't buy drinks they'll

 

drinking. ticket prices will necessarily illueuaL

nie opposes.
Ticket prices are the Catch 22 of concert

In addition, Vinnie believes that student

 

"Credibility," he adds. “that's the bottom

n

 

and SUNYA box office.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 
  

 

 

