 

 

s... . n..- x},«».m»W»w...

 

 

' ' ,I, ﬂaw-"W‘s!
,.__....t. -w- a...».. . -- A . ..- -_....m......o~m-. I».ma‘-4‘m .

l
l
i

Columns

 

' Athletes Held Hostage

David Priebe

In 1896. the modern Olympic Games were
created. its prime supporter. Baron Pierre De
Coubertin. hoped that the people of the
world could be brought together through
athletic competion. And for many years. ltis
dream was a reality: the Olympics gave tlte
world many stories of great courage and in-
dividual fellowship.=

With recent evertts. ltowever. the tropes of
De Coubert‘rn scent to be vanishing. Na-
tionalisr'n has crept into tlte Games. transfor-
ming tlte Olympics ittlo a forum for political
Interests. Today. American President Jimmy
Carter. ignoring tltc protests of athletes. has
announced tltat tltc Uttited States will
boycott tlte l980 Summer Games. ltr reality.
this is‘ a coutrterproductive. ltypocritical. attd
pointless action. Any qualified athlete in tlrc_
United States wlrr wishes to cortrpete in tire
Olyrttpics sltould go the Moscow. even if
Carter maintains his stand.

A popular setrtirrtcttt expressed since
Carter's action is that Russia ttas politici/cd
the Cannes anyway, so ('at'ter rtas rtot douc
artytttittg new itt bringing politics itrto sports.
This View. an t‘.\‘/III\‘lftlt’/tl rationali/ation for
tire boycott, is seriously finned. A study of
the l‘)8t) Olympics and (‘arter's rrrotivcs for
tire boycott shows that it is Carter who has
itttroduccd politics ittltr sports ill a way ttcver
before irrtagined.

Russia's ttrtcttliott scctrts to be a desire to
sltow the merits of its political system
through a successful Olyrttpics. This is a be-
nign. common form of political expression.
livery ittlct national evposirion has attempted
to do the srrrrt -: Lake Placid tried to show
that a tiny ton rcorrld manage to hold a ma-
jor sports ever I. for example. the attention
given to the Ant ttrr hockey tcattr. wlticlr
included a pr I’s‘ttllttl phone call front the
President, is another c\arrrplc of this process.
The ()lyrrtpics will rttcrcly rrreatt what is in ac-

tuality a boost for the Soviel's "Chamber of
Commerce." which is hardly major.

Red Smith. the deart ol' sportswriters, has
supported the boycott by comparing Russia‘s
intentions to those of Hitler irt ttrc With
Olympics. Nowhere. however. is there arty
notiort ol‘ arty “master racc' propogarrda in
Ru 's intentions. (And “t. .tll ktrow ttrat
the late Jesse Owens proved. in the ()lt'ttr/Iit's'.
that Hitler was wrong!) the references to
“communism” cant be ignored. for not only
is Russia ttot a Cortrrrtrurist nation. but the
Urtitcd States is ready. in tllltllttl situations.
to proclaittt Iltc virtttes ol‘ its systcttt.
capitalism.

A Moscow Olympics is unlikely to have
arty propogattda effects. for itttcrrrariortal
journalists will trot let the (iames be turned
irtto a mere conunercial for tire Soviet Union.
arty more titan the coverage itr Iran has

helped the lraniart position. in fact. it‘ one is
really concerned with civil rights violations irt
Russia. what better way to call attention to
tltertt than to have thousands of reporters irt
Moscow! At least sortie of the side of Russia
that it does not want to be publicized is
bound to be shown. and sorrte Russians. if
.only the athletes. will be exposed to outside
ideas. _.

At tttost. the Olympics will he a passive
political display for Russia. Carter. on tile
other ltartd. is acting or a different manner.
Basically. lie and iris advisots wanted to lrtrrt
Russia as much as possible. so they settled on
the Olympics as a useful trrol for this irrIerr-
Iiort. Only after this Machiavellian calcula-
tion did ('arter attd the press attempt to coat
the boycott irt rtroral tones. irtto a struggle for
the "l’ree World." Carter has moved past
the passive political rrsc ot sports into tlte use
of the Olympics as a tool. as a weapon. it is
this step from display to conflict wlrictt is the
I‘ 'al ttsc of sports for political ettds.

l'trus Carter has politici/cd trtc (iarttcs in a
new and significant nay. llis actiotr. lltottglr.
will ltavc its greatest cl'l‘ccts itr this country.
for in his quest for action ('artcr has in
tct'l'crcd witlr the lives of others.

l'trc United States ()Iyrrrpic ('otlttttillcc rtttd
its irrterrrariotral counter part are privrrtc
orgarri/aliorrs. l'trc allrlctcs are private
citizens who, as marry athletes remark,
tcccitc very little support lrotrt Iltc govct'rt~
rrtent. ('atth has igrtorcd ttrc status of these
groups atrd lrrrs arrogtrntly rrscd ttrcrtr for his

own purposes. with his trrr ‘ttls of pressure
tactics artd c\ccttli\‘c powers. He may cvett
dcrty atlrletcs tttc chance to leave the country
if they wish to.

The argtrntcrrt has been raiscd that citl/ctrs.
if the) do rtot I‘ollotv (‘arlcr‘s orders. are irr-
tct‘fer iug tvillt the policies of the government.
and arcllrusliablc for ptrrrislrrrrcttt. l'hisis,ol‘
course. the same argrrrrrcrrr used agaitrst draft
cvadcrs in the I‘)(i()s. yet no contention can be

more absurd. It is the individual which exists, L‘

while the “government” is rt fictional.
crcated crrlity witrr no physical e\isterrce. It is
ltrc r'rrvernrtrcul which is interfering with the
policies. tttrd the lives. of the people. Altrlctcs
in their craft do not concern themselves with
Afghanistan. while presidents are not corn-
pctitivc attrlctcs. the decision to compete in
tire Olympics is an individual ottc;'('ttt'lct‘
should not concern hirnsell‘ with this affair.

The lrttrrtts of a boycott would be signifi-
cartt. l-irst and totcmost. the athletes will be
lrtrtt. l‘lrcse pcoplc lravc been trairtirrg for
years. attd sortie have trrrrtcd don n profes-
sionai contracts. In an attempt to cotttpctc itr
ttrc Olympics. /\I the brink of success. C\cllls
which do not concern tlrcnr threaten to ruin
their years of effort. l'hcrc is not enough

 

Bitch About Buses

To the Editor

l'm writing this to encourage people to
make complaints when they are dissatisfied
with the SUNY bus service.

Orr chrtesday night. April 16. there were
five of us waiting at the Lamp Post for the
l2:55 SUNY bus back to eartrptrs. As we saw
the btrs approacltitrg. we ran ottl to get it. We
were aura/ed to see that the hits did not evcrt
slow down as it went by its. ()nc gtry ran after
it attd said that site (the driver) sarv ltittt btrt
would not stop.

l'ltc o\\ttct of the Lamp Post drove trs up
to catch the bus at the new strrp. We ptrllcd
up to the htrs when it was stopped at a red
light on Western and llotrtcstcad. We were
standing by the door. but stre would not open
it. When the ligltt ttrrrted green. sttc ptrllcd
out. lcarirrg trs lltct'c. l'trc owner oftrrc Lamp
Post. still at the scene. drove us up to Srrtters.
where he rttadc it just itr tirrrc to block ttrc
bus' erttrarrcc itrto llre scltotri. l'lrcrt strc open-
ed the door and let trs on.

Site figured that we‘d report ltct. but felt
she did nothing wrong. if you tune arr inci-
dent to report, see l’t'ank llaitntarr in the SA
office.

— (iail Allcrr
—— Roberta l‘ttlkan
~ l.isa ls'cr'ian

Abused Power

To the liditor:

Power is a funny thing you know. You can
get it a rrrrrrrbcr of ways: \\i|ll money. or you
cart be born a white upper—middle class rnalc.
or you cart “in sotrtc sort of clcctiotr and get it
title. In this Universin you can III” for Sltr
dent Association; ttris way you get a lrttlc bit
of power and a little pins on your law an
plicatiorr. Maybe you'll even get to lte'orr tttc
Budget (‘ormrrittcc so that you call refuse to
fund groups rtrar have attitudes ttrat differ
from your own. Talk about power —- you get

 

 

ttrsquelelr all that» enthusiasm —— lltlltgs like
“feminist publications.” who wants to tc.rd
about the "morbidity" of rape attytsay‘.’ It‘s
better to ignore it. maybe it will golmtt). Just
because women rttakc about 55 cents to.
every dollar a tttarr makes. just because
women are still not written about in trrc corr
stilutiort. or just becatrsc women can still do
rtotltirrg when they are forcibly raped b_\ lltctt
trttsbartds. is no reason for any publication to
show a strong opinion rrrt ttre topic. like I
said. power is a funny thing but as the rctcrrr
SA t scartdal shows. it is irrrportaur to n“...-
\\no have it. Maybe it is tirrre tor the other ...
rite members of trris university to rrse lllt'll
ponct. lltc crrttlllles committee lttctttlrct-.
that aren't interested in lllics or lllt'll
transcripts lor law school. We srrorrld ttsc rrlll
poster to see that lrrc members ol' the Blltli't"
('onrrtrirrce have their power checked. str trim
rrraga/incs like 'l‘rrrrecrrl cart Colllltlttc.

—- 'l'crtt Mct- .t. .r

Sun/e! —- I.i\rl New/hark hut recent/v It'lr’H
(‘l/ I/lr' Ilr't'ivirtll of the Hrlrlrzel (‘orrrrrrrrrr'rs
It-trorrm: 'I‘u/rrrt'trl'v_lirrulr'trr:. Iz‘rl.

 

Racist Profs

'l'o llte Editor:

Since the inception of my college \crrr.
here at SUNYA. i ltavc cottrc across Ill;ttr\ .r
student and professor who has rerrtrt‘rl
disl'avorably towards minoritich i can
understand that tltcy are being rttisgrridcd lr\
tturtterotrs rtt"'onceptiq‘hs corrccrrrtrrr-
rrrirroritics. | cart'tilso understand that tile tlt.‘t
jority of tire professors artd students .rl
SUNYA cothc front a protected. \slrttc
rrtiddle-class. suburban background. to,
that is no excuse for sheer stupidity. My dc.rr
wltitc rtriddlc-clttss friends. it is your job In
open your rttirtd and enrich it \tlllt the
realities of life. We are ltutttatt beingsjrrst irkc
you. i address this partictrlarly to a ccrtrrrrr
professor irt this glorious university

What has cotttpcllcd the to write this letter

 

that cart be said about this rrrtcortsciottablc
lrarrrr.

Secondly. Carter is setting a dangerous and
hypocritical political precedent. lI cart now
be assumed that a single man. wittrotrt arty
approval froth Congress or tile grotrp involv—
ed. cart interferc with the plans of the group
to further ltis purposes. As ottc ol‘l 'ial iras
stated. “The atltletcs are irrel'l'cct being held
hostage; they will rtor be allowed to leave the
cotrrttry as free citi/crrs. if Carter has his
way." At the sartrc tirhc, Carter has the nerve
to call for a “Free World" (itttttcs. irt this
face of this dictatorial action. lrr his boycott
actions. ('artcr has impinged any possible
rttoral stand ltc wishes to rtrairrtairt. for tie
deities frccdotn as ltc professes to fight for it.

I‘lrirrlly. the boycott is likely to lrccourtlcr-
productive: all it will do “ill be to increase irr-
tcrrtatiortal tension irt art alr'cady-rlattgerous

world. lly participation iii the two L‘otttttctlltr'
sports cvcttts. llte World will be clearly dirrrl
ctl into two factions. If this does crrrtrt- to
pass. it will be interesting to rtotc lttt\\ ttt.rrr‘.
of tire “l’t‘ce World" learns. srrclt as Sorrrrr
Korea. the l’ltlllipittcs. attd Chile. the in t.rt'
tllCttttot'sltle.

l-‘inaily. Carter will destroy arty ittrpcs lor
the Olympic (irttncs' cotttirrttcd success. In
creasingly. tttatry have begun to call lor 'lrc
creation of a truly rtoh~political ()lyrrrprr v.
where all traces of nationalism will be rcrrr. -\
ed. Carter's boycott is likely to tlcsttrr) lilr‘
Olympics before this step crrtt be aclricrctl
l'tre tlrcarn of De (‘oubcrtirt will be killed in
.lirtrrtry Carter. And although all has not lrr'r‘lr
perfect. this would be tltc crrrclcst slinkt' or
all. If it is at all possible. the people or illt‘
\vor Id should meet on the rrtlrlcric field rrrrrrr r
than ttre brrrtle field. ‘

 

 

we éiET T06é’ﬂt6i2 NE Flt‘yllT

656 07H6E Will? 606 {ff (WP

‘ "" "—.~'-1‘-—-c-s.-.:W~ d

w , 'I'ales From
'I'wo titles:

(4)5 ﬂit/K lTOUT [05 567’ BACK {d
T/EETHER I (3566le WOUE’ llU'TPUSlCW
0M H‘t’ VOU 64V LH
VEt/OUENE» k1’01) (06 SPA/T ()P

6
or 6PLIT UP TgéEFtET/[szrtl Qile STAMP rrs' h
was fr «to ~55 I [Apr 5w”, shot
(UM? AMEOF toTEfaESlS armrrrr
\

UP

9M New mum: st.er
MARRiW COULVD r R735lBUK ARE «.100 Asmmr,
86 5’ H5 0 “AER

Fore Flt—“T660 Wises roar/6 My 1
Tera? owns APART, WNW. antes T .1, rcNi lac Ir)
\ HQ), Bereorsreve’

{Mt A new

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

