 

‘ amp? -" r".

 

 

 

 

 

/

Anound Campus

 

 

 

 

Inslde panel of it Campus Center elevator
65. 93, MC/2,{/l/Ii;t; {3/2} = logic rlept? or plant (/l‘ltl. 1’
(Photo: Will Ytir/mni)

Artistic’ New York

The New York: Art On The Road Exhibition. on display
I0-5 iii the Terrace Gallery of the New York State Museum
at Empire State Plaza. adds something itew to the artistic
excitement tltat is cliaractcric of~New York. This collection
of l03 posters. which have travelled nationwide and
abroad. features exhibitions organized in New York State
during the past five years.

According to Jim Sefeick. Supervisor of Museum Opera—
tiotts. “Wltile most museums only have a limited focus. we
deal with the social and cultural history of the entire state."
By atlainirtg the collection. he feels the museum has achiev-
ed the statewide responsibility characteristic of state
museums.

The exliibit's New York State tottr begatt on January 30.
after a successful showing at tlte Department of Contmerce
Building iii Washington. D.C.. arid will end on June 7. In
addition. the posters have already travelled to 79 cities iii 34
states. the District of Columbia and eight foreign countries
Only last October. the New York Festival Committee. Inc..
with support from Philip Morris ittcorporated. organized
New York: Art On The Ruurl. The opening was the
Festival’s salute to Congress. At this tinte. the Cottgrcss,
through its supportive action. demonstrated its
understanding of tltc unique value and importance iit the
cultural life of the ttatioti.

Art works iit themselves, this exhibit is considered an ex-
celleitt sampling. It was created to advertise some of the
many exhibitions assembled each year by New York State.
Governor Carey cotttutcuds Philip Morris Incorporated
and The New York State Council on the Arts iii an official

5.

 

 

F

 

Qtalcntent. I-Ic asserts that. “from it can be gained a sens t

 

Contraceptives Ineffective

WASHINGTON (AP) Three makers of contraceptive
vaginal suppositories may no longer corttparc the products
willt tltc birth corttrol pill or intro—uterine device willtout
saying that their itcnts are less effective. under agreements
announced today. The Federal Trade Commission att—
ttouiiced consent agreements with manufacturers of Iiit~
care. Sciuicid aitd S‘Posilivc that rcqttire advertisements to
say that the products can be itscd abotit as effectively as
vaginal foam. The agreements scttlc I-"I'C charges that
previous ads created the false impression that tile sup-
positorics could be ttscd about as effectively its the pill or
ii“). Cotttraccptivcs iii suppository foam were not
marketed extensively ill the Urtitctl States before I077.
Critics have said the ads ovcrratc the effectiveness of the
products and could lead to unwanted pregnancies. The
agreements prohibit tltc companies front making titt-
substantiated effectiveness claims for the products. which
are sold over the counter.

 

 

DATELiN

 

Manch 6, I980

 

 

of the rich and vibrant interaction of tradition and creativi-
ty which plays such an important part in the life of New
. York State." . t

The variety of these collections represented .is manifested
through the diversity of the types of exhibits. they are
devoted to a variety of art forms. themes and historical
periods. Among them are: paintings. draWtiigs.
lithographs. prints; wood, stone and metal photography; il-
lustratioual art. advertising urt. folk art. tribal art.
children's art; glass. wood and textile crafts; tapestry 'and
needlework; puppets; the arts and crafts of the American
culture among others.

Another positive aspect of the New York: Art on The
Road is the public's reaction. Matty of the people viewing
the exhibit seemed very impressed. One woman suggested
closely cxaminitig the posters so as not to miss anything.
Site observed that tltcrc is something for everyone. young
arid old alike. '

Following its Albany showing, the display will be viewed
in tttitsctrtits iii the following locations: Niagara Falls. New

York City. Syracuse itrid Long Island.
~rNancy Goldberg

Lifeguard Lookout

State Park officials are offering free lifeguard examina-
tions for those interested in ohatining water safety posi<
lions. Candidates are drawn froin a list of qualified iri-
dividuals developed through this examination process.
Some municipalities also draw from this list. Each year. ap-
proxituately ()0 lifeguards are hired at:

Moreau Lake State Park — Saratoga County

Saratoga Spa State Park — Saratoga County

.lolttt Boyd Thatcher State Park — Scholtarie County

Thompson's Lake Camping Area —— Albarty County

Grafton Lttkcs Stale ‘ark — Rcrissciaer County

Cherry Plain Day Use Area --—- Rertsscliter Couttty

Mint: Kill State ’ark — Schoharie County

Five examinations have been scheduled:

Marclt 2‘)
9:30 a.m.

Cohocs Conttttttitity Center
Is Rentsen Street
Cohoes. NY

April 5 Jewish Cotiuntittity Center
5:00 p.m. 340 Whitehall Road

Albany. NY
April l2 Cohoes (.‘onutiutiity Center

Is Remscn Street
Cohocs. NY

9:30 a.m.

April 20 Schenectady YMCA
12:00 Noon l3 State Street
‘ Schenectady. NY

 

Would Capsule;

Soviets Prepare Tactics

 

PARIS (AP) The Soviet Union has deployed~lttunchitig
ramps for tactical nticlcar missiles iti Afghanistan arid has
brought iti troops trained itt chemical anti germ warfare. a
French newspaper said today. The new paper Quotidien dc
’aris cited "totally reliable. authori/cd Western military
sources" as saying the Soviets had installed “many rttohilc,
self-propelled launching ramps for titiclcar missiles" iii the
Kabul, Bagram and Knntlaltar regions. Tltc newspaper said
tltc installations might be for l’rog of Scttd missiles with a
raitgc of about 90 milcs. it did not say whether atty of
missiles had been deployed. The newspaper tilsi claiittcd it
had confirmation of the prescttsc in Afghanistan of special
Soviet tritits trained in chemical and bacteriological war~
fare. and noted that warheads containing chemical or gcrm
warfare canisters could he used on Frog or Scud missiles. it
claimed that sortie gas was bclicvcti to have been used "to

 

secure vast Ioncs crossctl by Soviet .convoys.“ The

newspaper said the nuclear arid chemical warfare units had ¥

been deployed because of basic Soviet military tactics call-
ittg for three linked factors: surprise. speed of interventior
and the rise of all components of thc arntcd forces.

Barge. Tanker Collide

     

1W YORK (Al’yA bi 'gc carrying more than 2.5 tnillion
gallons of heavy oil collided with a tanker iii a waterway
between New York aittl New Jersey. say Coast Guard of—
fi 'als wlto feared iI “potential major oil spill." Coast
Guard spokesman .lamcs McGtarurchtin said one of the
bargc‘s tanks. filled with 200,000 gallons of heavy crude.
was punctured III tltc collision about 9:30 |).III. chitcsday.
Ilc said an undctcriitinctl amount of oil spilled ittto lltc At»
tltur Kill. il sca itrlet which runs between Statcn island and
several towns along the northern New .lcrscy waterfront.
'I'hc spill threatened damage to clam boils ncar Sandy
Ilook. N..l.. and to the ritarshliiuds and bird sanctuary of
Ruritait Iltiy along the northern New Jersey coast,
utttltoiitics said.

 

SUNY Cobleskill

April 26
Cobteskill. NY

1:00 pm.

It is a difficult job. but one that is most rewarding, the
minimum salary for a lifeguard position at a State ’ark is
$4.01/hour.

Women in the Press

 

Three women journalists will discuss the movement to tltl

American journalism of its traditional sexism at an int-
campus forum to be held Wednesday evening. Match II.

The speakers will be:

Lint/a ll’ertheinter. national political Citl‘tcspoittlctll lot
tltc “All Things Considered" news program of National
Public Radio (NPR).

Joan Iier/trnann. newspaper anti magaline ltttltttitllsl.
niithor of “Iiow the Press Treats Women" lll tltc Ict'cttt
book Questioning Media Ethics. now Sunday ctlitor tll I‘tnr
Sumtogimi in Saratoga Springs.

Pl" Bree/t. whose “Inside Albany" weekly news pro»
gram on New York State politics oti Channel 17 (WMII t,
Schenectady) won the national DuPont-Columbia Award
for Public Affairs Programming last year.

The forum. sponsored by the SUNYA Journalism and
Women's Studies Programs. will take place at 8 p.m. iii the
Humanities Lounge (Room 354, Humanities Building) on
the SUNYA ‘ampus. It will be open to the public without
charge.

Each of the journalists will speak brielly and tltctr unswct
audience questions on how ntuclt progress the \vomcnK
movement in the last decade has made itt ——

O Improviitg tltc way womert are treated as subjects in
the. news. ttot as stereotypes (“girls" or "ladies") btu .t»
persons.

0 Ititproviiig the role women cart play in determining
wltat the news is attd ltow it is writtctt. that is. itt advancing
to editorial positiorts on newspaper and magatirtc and
broadcast news staffs.

Bookstore Committee F ormed

Notebook prices. book lists, and management [titllt'lL'\
will be among the issues addressed by the newly formed
UAS Bookstore Cotittttittec. Sptirked by NtWCIIIltL‘l"
bookstore sit-in. when 100 students protested I’ollett
Iiooksiore's prices and policies, the seven member [tttttt‘l.
forrttcd by ASU and SA, was created to serve as .i
“watchdog” over the store.

Tlte Committee’s formation was one of \L'\‘s'|ill
agreements reached diiiittg the sit-in. Bookstore cont-w
siotts. sticlt as tltc lowering of notebook prices. iirttl Pl'illllllt’
booklists prior to academic semesters. will be attempted to
be cttforccd by the cottttnittec. In additiort. tltc panel will
rttcct with Bookstore Mattager Curry Dean to discuss powt
blc grievances and other store-related problems.

According to Student Assocration member Dave l'ologc.
the formation of tire coituttittcc was a good mote“ that
should cnlumcc tltc relationship between the bookstore and
its customers.

Pologc added that the idea for a suggestion hm Ill thi-

 

 

NOW is presently being considered.
— Robert liortitnr)

Hostages May Be Moved

(Al’) The Mosiertt militants wlto have held antic ﬁll
Americans hostage at the US limbassy lll I'chttm l'tu 11:1
days today asked the ruling Revolutionary (‘ouitcil to t.tl.t-
over responsibility for tire captives. A ‘I'chtaii radio blond
W“ (looted II spokesman for the tllllllilttls as ‘utt‘itlt' ill"
tlccisiou was tiiadc because of the dispute \\lllt yoyutnnu'nt
authorities over wltctlrcr the U.N. investigating commi still!
should he allowed to meet with all of the hostages, «wt/ml
Nov. It. The militants said tltcy disagreed \\illt thc t'mr'ltl
meat stand approving the visit but that they did not will
to be accused of weakening the revolutionary rot-"Ills" "\W
ask the Revolutionary Council to take over the hostttrcn
that is. American spies. from its uritl deal with Illt'ttt iii any
“’“Y i' 51'0"“ appropriate." the militants“ spokcsttiittt will.
"Our responsibility is over for tltc hostages illltl \\’L' are stIIU
that the Iranian rtatioti will rectify whatever deviation that
ttiigltt arise in tltcr pursuance of thc Ayatollah Rultolltlh
Khomeini“; line."

 

   
 

March 7. 1080

Albany Student Press

Ted Kennedy :1 Politics On The Run

ALBANY. NY- (AP)Sen. Edward
Kennedy. fresh from victory in the
nation’s first big-state primary.

lashed out Wednesday at President

“major
involving

Carter's handling of a

foreign policy gaffe"

Israeli settlements.
Kettnedy sported a wide grin after

» his latidslidc irouncing of Carter in

Massachusetts on Tuesday. arid
pulled his campaign wagon into
Albany to set up shop for New
York State‘s March 25 primary. He
was greeted by a large and en—
 crowd ttf admirers atttl
autograph-seekers at the major
state office complex downtown.

And he scented fully aware that
isracl is always an important issue
itt New York's Democratic primary.
with its ltcavy Jewish vote.

He said that [1.5. “influence,
prestige turd credibility" had bcert
litirt by President Carter's change
of signals on a United Natiotts
rcsoltitiou on isrticli sctticrueitts.

That switclt had alr‘ady been
considered likely to embarrass
Carter lll New York. and Kcnrtcdy
waited for reporters to ask about it
rather than raising it himself.

The Carter administration. which
first voted for aitd tltcti repudiated

:
4”.
i
F.

a U.N. resolution condemning
Israeli settlements in occupied Arab
lands. attribured the switch to faul-
ty communications in the State
Department. '

Kennedy prefaced his rcntarks to
reporters by saying he “would not

by Laura I-‘iorentlno

 

feel {IS if I were back in
Mussrtr'htrsclts. With your help and
support we can put it real Delttocrat
in office. "

Abrttptly as it began. it was all
over. Presidential hopeful Edward
Kennedy was whisked through the
Empire State Plaza cxit doors by
Secret Scr'Vicc agents, while art anx-
ious crowd of 4.000 crushed
behind. For tltc supporters. state
employees. arid passers-by who had
waited for almost an Itotir for a
glimpse of ti handshake. Kennedy‘s
Wednesday morning Albany ap»
pcarancc was ritost disappointing.
Security. according to [Empire

 
 
  

 

Weeds The Week Before Tedi
But Where Should He Go?

I his is such a warm reception I Christensen, was the mason [Dr Ken.

question the statements" made by
Secretary of State Cyrus Vance on
that alleged communications foul-
up. '
But he said he "welcomed‘y‘ Con-
gressional hearings which would
“get the full story."

State Plaza Manager Tom
ncdy's swift exit.

“Because of the large crowd. the
Secret Service was concerned about
safety," lie said.

Originally. Kennedy's speeclt was
to take place in the Piazii's Green
Room Cafeteria. According to
Christensen. however. the tutch
pectctlly large crowd rendered the
facility inadequate.

“We c\pectcd only two or tltrcc
hundred people to show. btit when
a large crowd developed we thought
it would be too dangerous for ltiiti
to stay iii the cafeteria." said
Christensen. “ I'hc affair \\’il.s“tlIU\'~

 

 

t'tlllllllllt't/ on pugt

'l'l'lli

Nuke Debate: Pro-Con

by Susan Milligiin

The pros arid cons of nucl'ar

power were t'oi'ritully debated by

physicists Dr. Bernard Cohen and
.lolttt Cutro before it crowd of 350
\Vcducstltty night. th. the main
confrontation of the evening oc-
cttrcd bctwccit Cohen and anti-
stutlcttts after the

nukc-riiindcd
dcbatc's conclusion.

In tltc debate,
Speakers Ir‘orum ttiitl

sponsored by

NYI’IRCt,

Cohen claimed nuclear power to
be tltc cleanest form ofcucrgy poin—
tiiig oirt the absence of dirt arid
smoke ill its operation.

He also promoch atomic energy
as the least expensive energy source.
statittg cost figures of Lil cents per
kilowatt-hour using rutclcar cucrgy,

University of Pittsburgh professor
Bernard Cohen supported his pro-
nucl‘ar stand by hailing nttclcar
power as the safest. cleanest. and
cheapest energy source available.

According to Cohen. “There is
no known stutiy with a contrary
conclusion that rutclear power is
safe." Cohen cited tleatlt tolls tutti
decreased life expectancy figures
resulting frorn other energy sources,
He claimed such factors as “being
poor” and “being less educated"
were far more i'ious than rrttclear
related fatalities.

Fair Rents Group

Meets With Mayor

by Lillian Peiirsall

Seeking to establish rent control.
the Albaity Coalitiott for Pair Rents
met with Albatty Mayor Erastus
Corrtiiig Wednesday.

 

Ph sicist John Cutro

 

Anti-mike advocate
(Photo: Eric Wulouit)

   

rents do."

Mayor Corning promised to in
vestigate tltc rent hikes. tutti said he
would ntcet with tltc Coalition

Due to tire rcccnt competitive again before tltc month was over.
rent market irt Albany. contruunity According to l.ctlwith. students
residents and those with lintitctl in- as well as city residents would
comes are being forced to move benefit froitt the rcccttl control
elsewhere. The Coalition. compos- plan. He said that rent gouging of
ed of tenants and ltorncowncrs, ex- students is “incredible” because
plairicd to Corning the itccd it. con- they subtlividc ‘ apartments. The
trot rcnt prices. t‘onlitinu clttitus that the plan. of-

 

t.‘o;tlition urchin" said \slllC l‘ iallv .nown as the Iimcrgcttcy
nuidlotds arc tin stung let to {ennui Protcctiou Act. would
"cash in" on the middle class as establish maximum rcuts that

would guarantee “a fair profit for
owners over and above their ittvcst-
Coalition member 'l'im Lcdwith. rticnt and operating costs."

active irt botlt SlJNYA's ()ff (,‘am— The act also offers built-in
pits Association and thc Utiitcd ittotivation for landlords to obey
‘l‘cntmts of Albany. said that housing regulations because
"actual owner's costs don't go up establishing maximum rent
“)0 percent at it tilnc. lIut iii many maintenance of property as well as
cases people have lohl us about. owner costs would be considered.

they return to the city. arid are not
concerned with inflation.

2.4,ccnts per kilowatt-hour for oil.

(‘oltclt failed to tttctttioit disposal
of nuclear wastes and tltc possibility
of solar. hydro. and wood power as
future energy sources.

ill a technical presentation of
scientific tcrrtts. physicist .lohtt
Cttlro attacked the relative safety of
nuclear power. citing tiic general
operation of nuclear plants.

According to (‘utt'o. “care is not
taken iii the operation of plants '—

coitlinricrl on page tt'tt

And he added that “I think the
vote itself was a major foreign
policy gaffe . . . The gaffe has been
complicated by the reversal of the
administration."

"Unjustified, unwarranted arid
uncalled for," lie went on. “This
kind of thing makes our adversaries
more aggressive."

Kennedy‘s brief press conference
was precccdcd by art even sltorter,
but private. meeting with Albany
Mayor Erastus Corning.

Corning, co-chairmau of Carter's
New York State campaign effort

Page Three

and the nation’s longest sewing big-
city mayor. said hehas “a great
deal of respect" for Kennedy and
that they had talked “about mutual
fri ." .

Kennedy described the meeting as
“friendly.” But it was .with the
large Empire State Plaza crowd that
Kennedy appeared to be most at
home. He reached across the heads
of towering Secret Service agents to
touch hands as supporters yelled
“Teddy. Teddy!"

"I got his autograph!" one
woman shouted to a friend.

“The polls only closed about 13
hours ago in Massachusetts and
here." Kennedy shouted to the

NOW“: "We can win."

Kennedy aides consider New
York‘s March 25 primary crucial to
the settator.

UAS Board Approves
; A New Meal Plan

Rlcli Kraslow

The UAS Board of Directors ap-
proved a versatility ntcal piart
Wednesday which will offer

students the option of using their
meal cards whcti ‘tttittg dinrter iii
the Ratliskclltu'.

“'l'hc plart will be implemented
for tire fall semester arid will cost
tltc students air additional $47,"

  

I'rofL. . or. Bernard Cohen
Nll/t't’A' its energy .WIll/‘t‘l'
(Photo: If

 
 

said UAS Board of Directors Chair
Susan Crold.

Under the new plan. students will
be allocated $1 .iiO per meal to spend
iii the Rat. According to Gold.
alcoholic beverages are cxcltided
front tire plan. Sltc added that the
hours of operation will be frottt 4-0
p.m.. rallicr tltttit the normal quad
hours of 4:61.10 p.m.

UAS experimented with a similar
platt last February. accordiitg to
(told. According to Commissary
Cash Sales Director Les Hyncs.
“The program last year overdaxed
Ihc Rat's facilities. Betwccrt 600 and
l.()()() stiitierits took advantage of
the plan each night.”

Ilyucs added that the congestion
in the Rathskellar caused lengthy
lines which were unfair to the cash

paying customers. . ,

According to UAS Council'
Mcttthcr I’ctcr Weinstock. UAS lost
$2N.000 during the one montlt trial
plan last year.

UAS is limiting their risk by cott-
fining tltc plan to only those
students contracting the breakfast. .

continued on page .s'ix

Ouad’s Elevator Policy Changed

by Michele Israel

Reactirtg to complaints from
lower residents and scckirtg to im-
prove tltcir ittitial anti-vandalism
policy,ColonialQuad staff and cott-
ccrttcd students ltave altered their
elevator-protection program.

After two consecutive meetings
held Monday arid Wednesday
nights. Livingston Tower Council,
Coloiiiai Quad Board. and Tower
Director Dave Render voted to shut
dowrt two out of three elevators
Thursday through Saturday itigltts.
from It p.m. to7 a.m. Thcschours
are considered the peak time for
vandalism to occur.

In addition. the one elevator
which will remain in service will not
be repaired while the other two will
possibly undergo extensive repairs
irt art attempt to “vantlahproof”
them. according to Quad Board
President Mark Baldwin.

last week. tower residents were
confronted with the elevator policy
without what many believe to be
proper notification. Although tin.
original policy was to be similar to
the current one, (two of the three
elevators were sltut down at 8 p.m.
each day and were back itt service at
seven the following morning) many
students complained of inconve-
rticucc.

According to Baldwin. with tile
new policy, wlictltcr vandalism oc-
cnis or ttot. the elevators will con

titttic to run. He added that the
quad is going to request froru the
Plant Department tltirablc cquip~
rttcttt for the two elevators to be
repaired. Baldwirt said the elevators
were not repaired properly the first
titnc around.

According to Render. “We were
tntdcr the impression that the
elevators were to be made more
_vandal-proof when they were refur—
bished.” The elevators suffered ex-
lCIISlVC damage, which included the
removal of ceiling and lighting
panels.

Regarding strident complaints.
Render admitted that residents (lid
ttot receive enough advance notice
about the policy implementation. lit
addition. while the doors of the two
elevators were to rentaitt closed.
they were open on the first Iloor at
tltc tirttc of the policy‘s inception.
Quad Relation Vice President
Becky Turtle attributed this to the
lack of a key which would have
locked the elevators.

According to Assistant Director
of Residence h’innagcmettt John
Murphy, a “niqu host" program
ltas bcctt created iii an attcntpt to

combat the growing vandalistn on ‘

State and Colonial Quads. Spitti-
sorcd by a grant from the Quality of
Life Committee, which seeks to
reduce dorm and lutll 'nndnlism.
tltc program will employ to
SUNYA students to act as guards
on the quads from 10:45 pm. to

3:45 a.m. Thursday through Satur-
tlay.

Murphy. who developed the pro-
gram, said three students will be
assigned to ‘ach quad each nigltt,
with one guarding the tower and the
other two being responsible for four
low-rise apiece. Each student will
be asked to tour the dorms con-
tinually. watching out for any type
of mischief or possible vandalism.
Iii addition. they will be responsible
for Iockitig doors ad related activi-

Q

The female and male hosts. who
will receive three dollars per hour.
will have access to telephones and
assistance from dorm directors and
RAs if any problems arise.

‘l‘ower Director Dave Re
577i: for elevator policy
(Photo: Dave Asher)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

