 

 

 
     
    
       
    

‘41:.

“V

i
l
i
i

 

 

.~ "ﬂy—H... W‘Wﬂw AH—I'D‘H'v‘ -w~>~.-

 

 

 

very year there seems to be

three big national betting events.

People who hate football are will-

ing to take a chance on the

. Superbowl. those who aren't
overly fond of baseball may enter

Into a friendly wager on the outcome of the
World Series. and people who rarely go to
movies show more than a passing interest in
who will get one of those little golden men on
Oscar night. Tire Superbowl and World Series
have come and gone. so here is some
background (and a few predictions) that might
be of assistance if your roommate forces you
to lay down a couple bucks on the April l4

results.

Mark Rossier

Actually. the Oscars should be the easiest
thing in the world to predict, The award
should go to the best picture or best performer
or best whatever. erile there may occrrsional
ly be a bit of trouble (the 1977 Best Actress
race for example). it's usually fairly obvious
who is most deserving in each category.
However. Oscar-guessing is never tirat easy
because who is most deserving has irotlrirrg to
do with who will win, in fact the balloting pro
cess almost guarantees that the third best Will
win. if you look at the majority of award winr
ners. there are usually one or two more. or at
the very least, equally deserving nominees
This problem is partially due to the method the
Academy uses to decide a winner. instead of
voting directly for a winner (in other words the
person with the most preliminary votes is the
winner not a nominee) the Academy has to go
through the publicity grabbing process of
choosing five nominees. This does nothing but
prolong “the excitement" (which helps raisi-
the cost of commercial breaks during the in»
creasingly long Oscarathon) and gives
nominees a chance to do the campaigning the
Academy professes to dislike so much, it also
keeps many excellent people and pictures
from winning. let me use the 1971 Best l‘rc
ture race as an example. The nominees were
A Clockwork Orange. Fiddler on the Rool.
The French Connection. The Last Picture
Show. and Nicholas and Alexandra. French
Connection won. not a horrible movie but cer-

 

 

soar ‘Ilow And 'l'hen:
The Way 'l'hey were

talnly not as good as either Picture Show or
Clockwork. This is where it gets complicated.
Three of what were acknowledged to be the
year's best pictures Sunday Bloody Sunday,
McCabe and Mrs. Miller. and The Go-
Between were ignored for the big award. but
all scored acting nominations (meaning they
were not totally overlooked). Anyone likely to
vote for any of these three would be inclined
to shift their allegiance to Picture Show or
Clockwork. the twa other “serious” films.
Since the votes were second. or even third
choices. neither film would rally the support
and the vote would split, On the other side
Fiddler and Nicholas were considered too
liglrtweighi since the Academy stopped hotior~
trig Hollywood spectacles llence French
Connection. the recognired third place
finisher iii artistic merit came out on top by be-
ing both “serious” and entertaining. The
award should not read best. btrt least offeir
sive. This pattern occurs continuously in
Academy history. but that is only one of the
explanations for Oscar wmners.

he politics of Academy members

are widely known and they fall into a

number of basic categories, There is the
Sentimental Favorite of the Year given to “the
untalr'irtvd rigor or actress who is really old
and therefore may die at any minute who we'd
better tell how irrriclr we like before it's too
late." Winners iir this category include John
Wayne. George Burns. Ruth Gordon and
Jack Albertsori (both iir 19(28), Barry Fit~
Agerald. Helen Hayes. and Art Carney.
among others, It is the most prevalent of
Academy irriitstii'es and the rrrost disturbing
because it denies many talented people the
award with excuses like "they're young they
have time yet" Many of these deserving per»
formers do get awards later. biil in many cases
the winner knocks yet another deserving
nominee out of lllt' winners circle. An exam-
ple of this occurred in the 1939 and 1940
awards. James Stewart had turned in his best
perforrrrance for Mr. Smith goes to
Washington. but because of the stiff competi
lion (Clark Cable in Gone With the Wind for
one). Stewart lost and Robert Donal picked up

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
    

   
   
   

   
  
  
  
   
 
 
   

  

Breaking Away

  

. However.

u-

the prize for Goodbye Mr. Chip
Stewart won the 1940 award for a less ac

claimed performance in The Philadelphia
Story Unfortunately. Stewart's win was
Henry Fonda's loss. as the latter irright have
won that year for Grapes of Wrath, Members
are also fond of giving awards to Veterans
who've been in the business a number of years
~ usually playing character parts who
finally get a role big enough to be awarded
wrtli a supporting Oscar. The difference bet
ween this category anti the one previously.
described is that these people are very
talented, but neglected (the two lend to merge
however sint e the award is rarely given for the
person's best performance). Age is also a lac-
trrr here but one is not required to be on
death's door. Hence John Houseman. Ben
Johnson. Eileen l'leckart. John Mills, and Gig

   
  
   

that young radical Jack Nicholson (for l'ii'i'
Easy Pieces), 2) they needed sortie good
publicity. and. 3) they were pressured iilltr It
That's riglil occassionally the Academy will
submit to outside pressure from the Cilllt‘s
These pressure awards are what help kein ilti'
Oscars from becoming too much of a disgrai a
because they usually go to the people most
deserving, Julie Christie (for Darling. Worn.
Diane Keaton (for Annie Hall. 1977); ('rlvnria
Jackson (for Women in Love. 1970); iii-n

    
   

  
 

     
   
 
 

 

    
  
  
  

Johnson and Cloris Leachniair. Geirv ,

l'iackmaii and Jane Fonda (all i97l wrirni'rs'
for Lost Picture Show. French (,‘oniiection
and Klute respectively) all won because the
Academy jumped on the critical bandwagon
that had already awarded their brilliant per'for

 

Young all followed up their awards with good
work (notice that most of the sentimental wiri-
tiers are also still alive hence a major flaw in
the whole concept of such an award).

Nor does the Academy like criticism. Dustin
Hoffman was passed up for Lenny. because
he called the ceremony grotesque and
obscene (that may be a factor this year, but i
doubt it since most of Hoffman's anti-award
rhetoric has become obscene during his ace
ceptance speeches — so when he runs or
maybe modestly saunters up to the stage this
year. he'll once again apologize to the other
nominees, say how much he hates awards.
and clutch the statute as if his life depended on
it). The Woody Allen backlash everyone's
been waiting for finally occured this year, un<
fortunately it was against Manhattan. Allen's
reiection of the Oscars is not so much an aver»
sion to awards as it is an aversion to the
Academy who year after year refused to
nominate (‘roidon Willis (cinematrrgrapber on
Allen's last three filiris as well as All the Presi-
dent's Men. both God/other's and countless
others) because twenty sortie years ago he
went to court to get into the cinenratographer's
airion i'iollyWood has a long memory. 1
don't want to hear the old "Well. they gave
George C. Scott the award" argument either.
They did that for three reasons: 1) he was the
only respectable nominee that year aside from

 

Jack Lemmo

 

' The

China Syndro

 

 

 

 

 

 

—Kramer r Kram ' ' .
.

 
 
 

 

marrces (though in Fonda's case i admit i
would have preferred either Christie in Mc-
Cabe and Mrs. Miller or Jackson in Sunday
Bloody Sunday). Outside pressure will play a
role again this year. not only with wins of
Kramer tIS. Kramer and Melvyn Douglas. but
in the predicted victory of Sally Field. Her
Norma ft’ae performance is technically a bit
too subtle for Academy members who would
more likely go with the hystrioriic Acting with a
:apital A of Bette Midler (don't get me wrong,

‘ ’re was excellent) were it not for the fact that
Field has won the Cannes Filrri Festival
Award. the Golden Globe. and all four major
continued on page 10a

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
  

    

 

  

 
  

  
  
 
 

 

   
     
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
    

    

Norma Rae

n a way the whole thing's for
television On April 14. the cream
of Hollywood's movie society will get
into formal evening attire ridiculously
early so that 1111' annual Academy
Awards show can go up live on prime
time. On the liast Coast. the host will be
Johnny Carson. and many. if not nrost of the
award presenters Will be television aird not
movie personalities. The reason for this is sini-
ple. Despite the fact that the Osc, is art-

Jim Dixon

awards given out to feature llltli artists. the
show itself still has to get iatiirgs. and most TV
viewr-r's actually wouldn't recognize
Christopher Walken. Richard Ger’e. Lisa
Eichhnrn. or Brad Davis. Before the movies
go to TV. TV goes to the movies

This year the winners are less difficult to
usual, and in fact the films
nominated in many of the major awards
categories are less interesting than the omis-
sions. There seems to be a new policy in the
Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Scienccs
to simply not nominati- artists who \von't show
it i for the ceremonies Thus. some of the best

 

 

iii-edict than

 

 

nvelope, Please

pictures of the year. among them Manhattan.
Being There. and The China Syndrome. are
not represented adequately in the nomina-
ttons.

For once. Best Picture is an easy [)le. All
That Jazz. Bob Fosse's loverit-or-hate-it semi-
autobiographical musical comedy about death
won't win because it wasn't universally liked.
Too many people have it in for this film.
Apocalypse Now, Francis Coppola's massive
Vietnam epic won't win because it's too con-
troversial. Breaking Away, Peter Yale‘s mov»
ing film about growing up in middle America
hasn't been seen by enough people. Martin
Ritt's Norma Rae also wasn't enouin of a
mainstream hit, and as has been suggested in
some circles. was too anti-union to garner
enough support in Hollywood, a very unioniz-
ed towu. This leaves the obvious choice of
Robert Benton's Kramer us. Kramer. which
being both a huge hit and unanimously
critically acclaimed should win easily (1 would
be happier to see either Apocalypse Now.
Breaking Away or All That Jazz win. i also
think it's a crime that tlt‘lillt'i' Manhattan nor
Being There were nominated.)

Las Vegas odds-maker s are favoring Francis
Coppola for the best director award. i think
that Robert Benton will win for Kramer as.
Kramer The reasons that All That Jazz and
Breaking Auiriy won't win best picture will
keep Bob Fosse and Peter Yates out of the
winner's circle as well. Eduardo Molinaio.
nominated for La Cage Aux Folles. is an ex»
trerne longshot in my opinion in addition.
Molinaro has been nominated for a film.
which being released in 1978. is not eligible
for the Best Picture award This being the
case. i can't honestly see wiry lie was
nominated at all. especialy over llal (Being
There) Ashby and Woody (Manhattan) Allen.
As both Ashby and Allen are Hollywood

 

Norma Rae

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

renegades. i can‘t help but think that they
have both fallen victim to the new no-show-
no‘win policy.

esplle an impressive number of

past nominations, Al Pacino is not go-

ing to win the award for Best
Performance by an Actor. . . . And
Justice For All wasn't a good enough film.
«lack Lemmon hasn't gotten enough attention
for The China Syndrome. Martin Sheen. not
nominated for Apocalypse Now must also be
considered a dark horse at best. Dustin Hoff»
man is considered the favorite, though i for
one wonder if his past sins (he used to be one
of the ones who wouldti't show up) have real-
ly been forgiven. Peter Sellers, considered the
predominant dark horse for Being There will
not win though he deserves to. Ray Scheider
is being written off too easily as far as i‘rn con-
cerned. Over all. i see l-loflman winning. id
rather see the award go to Sheen.

There is only one likely choice for Best AC»
tress this year. Sally Field is going to win easily
for her performance in Nornrn h’ae. Since
Jane Fonda won last year for Corring Home
she won't win this year for The China Syri-
dronre. Jill Clayburgh won't win because Star-
ting Ouer wasn't a substantial enouin film.
Marsha Mason faces a similar problem with
her nomination for Chapter Two coupled with
the fact that she didn't really give all that good
a performance. Though Bette Midler was
dynamite in The Rose. she wasn‘t explosive
enough to keep her movie from being the real
bomb on the screen Count her out too. it's
the Flying Nun's year. ironically. Sally Fields'
last film was a seciriel to The Poseidon Adrien»
,ture and her next is a sequel to Smokey and
the Bandit Sandwiched between turkeys like
this. what the lady really needs is a script to
match her growing stature.

i do not think that Mickey Rooney really has
a chance of winning Best Supporting Actor for
his role in The Black Stallion. a fiinr almost no
one's seen, i can't seriously believe they'll giVe

‘ ' continued on page 10a

—Jane Fonda
. ‘ l

 

 

