 
 

v'A'RQUNd CaMpus
SASU Conference Nears

The SUNY budget. the draft. voting rights. ﬁnancial aid.‘
affirmative actlorf and lobbying techniques are just a few
topics to be covered at the Niitth Annual SASU Legislative
Conference. The four day event runs frorri Saturday.
March 8. until Tuesday. March that SUNY Albany Carti-

 

 

us.
"Tlte Legislative Conference is a comprehensive sctitiriar
' with two objectives — education and-action." said Artlittr

the background atid'tecliniqucs to create cliartge on their
campuses and in the legislature."

Conference-goers will receive pertinent information on
federal and state educatiott issues through workshops led
by students and experts. Workshops iriclrtdeJ'Tlie Student
Role lit the I980 Elections..." “SUNY and the State Budget
Process“ and “Student Participation iti Decision Making.“

Legislators. education representatives frotti SUNY.
CUNY and the New York State Education Department.
students Lind professors will comprise a paith to discuss
"Public Higher Education iii tlte 80s.“

Conference highlights also iriclrrde presidential arid
senatorial forums. a reception with legislators. staff aitd
members of the SUNY Board of Trustees. trial a SASU
press conference for presentation of the legislative awards.

Students will gain insight itrto the political process with a
basic orientation on the legislature corrplcd with strategies
.‘lll'l iiietltods on effective lobbying techniques.

Putting their ttctv skills to use. stttdcrils will attetid spe 'ul
appointments witlt their leg’ hours to discuss issues during
the last two conference days.

 

 

Get your Ballots

(let your votes in now! NYI’IRU utid SASU will be
distributing absentee ballot applications iii the Campus
Center Lobby and on dinner liries front Wednesday
through Friday. Make sure yotr cast yortr vote for the
Marc‘ 25 presidential primary.

)Vonld Capsules

Major Reduction In 'US Budget

’WASHINGTON (Al‘) The Carter administration is con-
sidcr‘irig major reductions iii government jobs programs as
part of an overall effort of slash spending by tip to $20
billioti to balance the Will budget. officials said Monday.
They said that except for tire Defense Department. nearly
every agency of government has been targeted for spending
redttciioris its part of the adriiittislt'rttton‘s hastily cottccivcd
new strategy to fight inflation. Meanwhile. W. Bowman
Cutter. an associate director of the Office of Management
arid Budget. told the House Ways attd Mcairs Committee
that a revised budget for will would be submitted to Con-
gress iii about two weeks. Spending for salaries and
operating costs of individual departments are to be tritntn-
ed by aborit 2 percent. with the sat itrgs iii salaries to be ac-
complished by holding back on raises arid promotions. a
spokesman in one depat'ttiierrt said. The brtdget for the
Labor Department alone might be reduced $l.6 billion. it
was learned. Sources said the summer youth jobs program
would be crit iti ltall'.and pirhlic service ctiiploytiicrtt would
be reduced by abottl I5 percent. Other cuts would be made
iii spending for energy. lligltways arid human service pro-
grants.

 

 

 

Massachusetts Primary Nears

BOSTON (AP)' Dctiiocrat Edward M. Kennedy arid
Republican George Bush. borlr sorts of Massachusetts. are
looking to the state's prititary Tuesday to pump new life iii-
to their presidential bids. But rccertt polls show sortie ero-
siott lit the support each can expect from voters. While Ken»
riedy and most of the Republican candidates caitipaigncd
hard irt Massachusetts. another GOP hopeful, Seit.
Howard Baker .lr.. shifted Iris attention to Vermont. That
state also holds it's prirtiary Tuesday and Baker felt he had
a better chance there of making a good showing to keep his
campaign alive. That left the Massachusetts Republican
field to Bush. former California Gov. Ronald Reagan arid
Rep. John B. Anderson of Illinois. Former Texas Gov.
John B. Connally is putting his efforts iirto South Carolina.
It appears Kennedy. still expected to easily top President
Carlin. and Bush. in a virtual dead-heal with Reagan. have
the most at stake in Massachusetts. A Boston Globe poll
published Sunday showed potential voters in the
Democratic primary still preferred Kennedy over Carter.
But that portion of the polling done two days after Keit-
nedy's loss in the New Hampshire primary last week show«
ed substantially lower support for the senator.

Hidalgo. conference coordinator. “We will give students.

 

 

 

gate Ouadwﬂesults
I (winners in bold type)
President
Aprll Gray (150 votes)
Doug Magglo (96)
Vice President ‘
' Rod Nenner (99)
Andy Wltrock (76)
' Rob Saunders (72)

A runoff will be held between‘
k thetwo highesrcandidates;

 

 

Pirgees invade S UN YA

Over 400 Homes descended upon SUNYA this weekend
as NYI’IRU held it annual converttiori..

Activists from all over New York State ttcre housed by
SUNYA volrrrrtcers for the informative and contivial
gathering.

Arrtortg tlte issues disctrsscd in workshops were the future
of higher cdrrcatiotr itt Nett York State. the 'I'rntli-ln-
'l‘estriig law arid anti-nuclear campaigns.

According to SUNYA NYI'IRU ('ltair Amt Adclnrarr.
NYI’IR(i's main thrust for Will) trill be such issues as the
tht York properly ta\. higher cdrrcatiott. sctual lrarnss-
mum on the job. the anti-smoking hill arid to\ic chemical
\vaslc bills.

Alotig with serious considerations. the contention pro-
virlcd a fun-filled weekend of luncheons. breakfasts. and
parties.

British Forces Leave Rhodesia

SALISBURY. Rhodesia (AI‘) Britain began withdrawing
its l.300-riiait (‘ornntonwcaltlr truce supervisory force in
Rhodesia today as counting continued in the election that
will lead to ctealiort_ol' an independent Zimbabwe. IItnr»
dtcds' of British-ch (‘ortinionwcttltlr troops were pulled otri
of the assertiny catitps where they niouitored 22.000 black
nationalist guerrillas during the two-month election cirn
paigtr that began with the .Ian. 4 Rhodesian trrtcc. The
soldiers are to begin flying lroiite this week. A handful of.
troops will remain behind at each of tire ll camps as the
guerrillas are integrated into the arrrrcd forces iii prcputa~
tiort for Zimbabwe's independence later this month. Britain
is to grant sotci'eigtity to its last African colony once a
goverrirticril is formed. based on lltc outcome of the toting
last Wediicsdrry-Friday. l-ilectiotr results are to b - announc-
cd Tuesday morning. said British officials strpertising the
Cottttl.

'Spy Poses As US Photographer

WASHINGTON (Al’) The Hit brought a lttpq’unking.
lttrii coal Sotict spy before an c\traordinar.\‘ trcws cort-
fet'cticc Monday to describe Irott he had reported Artiericarr
political trends to tire Sotict Utrioii while posing lot elcicir
years as a lice-lance photographer in the tht York area.
For one hour ltc sat on a stage behind an opaqrtc glass
screen tltrottgli which only his profile could herscett.
answering questions in n licaty s‘lISIL'I'lt-l:tll'ttlwllll accent
and iii often rrirgrtrniiinrticnl idlilllslt. The fill said his toice
was ntodulttlcd electronically to disguise lltc accent. 'I'he
spy. whonr l~'Bl officials said the) apprehended and corr-
viiiccd to cooperate with U.S. nutlrorities “sortie tears
ago." was iderttificd only by the eotcr name he used here.
Rudolph Albert llcrttnrirtn. lie was idctrtiflcrl as a colonel
iii Iltc Sotict Kt'di intelligence apparatus. Arttortg the ire.
tivities Ilcrrrnatirt described were air unsuccessful effort to
abort a manned LLS. space shot. efforts to get cloec ...
American presidential candidates. and the establishment
and servicing of “dead drops." locations at which spies
leave money. information. instructions or equipment for
otltct spies to pick up. .

 

 

Darcli 15:

Much 1, 1 980

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

   

Tape Hotline to aid Troubled

Middle Earth. SUNYA’S alternative (tn-campus counsel.
irtg service. is offering individuals the chance to cope with
personal problems throuin a new tape-hotline.

Beginning March 17. Middle Earlli will provide 30 lttpes
for 'allers dealing with problems ranging frorii depression
to human sexuality. The recordings will erirrble the listeners
to increase their understanding of specific problems and
help them develop means of; rivitig iii a solution.

Individuals may call the regular lrotliite and request it
rape. after which they may discuss the problem further it iitr
a counselor. The recordings also serve to maintain the
caller‘s anonyitiity.

Middle liartlt spokesperson Valerie litrltey csplaittcd that
other urritcrsities provide a taped-lrotlinc arid the lr'sttlls
ltuvc been successful. Uirivcrsity of Miami‘s counseling set.
\icc. slte arldcd. clairrted its calls liavc almost doribled since
the project was incorporated two years ago. the \L‘t\tr‘r'
said tlte tapc-hotlinc allows the caller to remain corripIt-tr-It
anonymous. increasing the rise of the phone—in pirntlnin.

SA is funding the horline arid eqriipriicirt is being ltttitrrl
ed by the New York State Division of Drug and ,\|.-r‘r.r|
Abuse.

 

Become a Kenned Delegate

NEW YORK Senator Edward Kennedy‘s New York Shit.-
crtrnpaigrr director announced today that llicrc will lit .r
series of seminars held throughout Ilic state on March is. ti.
and In to discuss ltow to become a Kennedy delegate to :lrr‘
l9ll0 Democratic National Con’vcntioti.

Senator Kennedy is especially interested iii-having worrn-rr
and members of racial or ctltrtic rriiriorities as his delcr'n'c.
according to Richard K. Dorialrrtc. who heads ls'cnrrt-dt'.
presidential cariipaigtr Itetc.

Donahue said delegates to the national presidential
nominating coitventiorr will be chosen at ptihlic Cttltt‘ttst“
licld around the state on April 27. Any registered Demo. r.r:
may tittciid the caucuses arid run for election as a delegate.
Donahue said the c.\act procedure for becoming, ti KL’IIIIL’tD
delegate will be explained at llte mid-March seminars.

Doiialtrre said that in order to becorric a delegate. a pt'l
son tiirtst file a statement of candidacy with the Dertrorr.rrir
State Committee by March 20 (address: 60 linst 42an
Street. New York. New York. l0l)l7) and pledge to \ttls' Ir-r
lltc Senator at the national coitveiitiort.

The Albany tirid—March caucus will be held oti Srrndrrt.
March In irt St. .Iolni-St. Ann's Parish Hall on Franklin
rind liouttlr Avenue from l-3 p.m.

l-‘or ftrrther infornnttion. contact Elizabeth Ilongisto ol

 

I00 S. Matrrriirg Boulevard. )

British Forces Leave Rhodesia

(AP) A U.N. spokesriiatr in Tehran said Sunday trcgoltd
tions to arrattgc a riicetirig bclweett the U.N. Commission
and tire estimated 50 Artiei'ican hostages Itavc reached .1
sensitive stage. but another day passed arirl no date for tltr‘
riicctirtg was announced. “I wouldn‘t call it trouble reullt."
said U.N. spokcsitiuir Snmir Sanibar. “The coiiirrtission |\
proceeding tlirorrglt very delicate work." Irrrtriari I’rcsirlctrt
Abolltassatr Batri arlr. who has advocated the rcleasv ol
the hostages Iicld iii the U.S. Embassy. told reporters. "I
hope ilie cortttirissiou's visit to the embassy will talc
place." He also was qtrorcd by Tehran Radio as sa_t lnr' the
hostages would not be freed qttlekly. arid the US. gotr-in
rtietit was delayitig the process. "Sufficient time tttttsl Iiilss
before their release." the radio qrrotcd Batii»Sadr as sittiitt'
itr air inierticw with the Saudi Arabian newspaper :\|v
Medina. “The United States could speed rip the rclcttsc lit
refraining from any tinilntctal action." Bani-Sadr said Iltt'
problcrii “could be solved \et'y quickly“ if \\’:ts|iitrrtlitlt
Ct‘ttl‘s‘t'aled. brtl did trot elaborate on his remarks about
cooperation ot' unilateral action.

 

Columbian Hostages F reed

BOGO'I‘A. (‘olomhla (AP) The Colombian goteinrrtcnt
proposed that the guerrillas holding the l)tllill|lit'tl“
Republic‘s eiiibirssy keep as hostages ortly the 20 totctr'tt
diplomats aitd two ('oloiitbian ofltcrals they captttIL'tl “I'll
let the rest of their eaprltcs go. There was no itrrrnt-dtalt'
t'erottse frorii the armed bartrl of leftists who iltultlcrl lilt‘
criibasy during a diplomatic reception fite days into. 11'03"
guerrillas freed a doctor and forrr waiters Sturder til-Ii" "
90-minute negotiating session Ireld in it l‘ot'd titlttt'l ““Vl‘
parked outside the embassy. They released 1‘) Milk"
hostages last Thursday arid Friday. including all 15 women.
and are believed still holding Jo. " l‘he goterrrrnenr's l""‘
position is that only the diplomats and l’ot’cigtt Mittidlt “l'
“Cile Who were attending the pi ' ' when the embassy was
taken by assault sliottld remain." a Foreign Mirristr) WW“
reported.

 

 

 

Marbhlit',§.198$lll : : :: z :7.

 

 

I

 

 

liy Lynn Goldberg
Kids (kiilz) pl.n 1. special gifts of
love.
Tltis is how Telethon ‘80 defines
the kids at the Wildwood School for'
Dcveloprtieritally Handicapped
Children and the Big Brother - Big
Sister program.

Telethon ‘80. in a 24-hour drive
for rtioiiey contributions. will
donate-\ull its proceeds to these

 

 

organizations. r

The weekend of Marclt 21-22 will
unfold SUNYA's amateur talent in
a series of skits. datices. and
musical routines designed to raise
money for the handicapped
children.

According to Telethon ‘80 C0--

Chair Marlene Michaelsori. the
Wildwood School arid ilie Big
Brother - Big Sister program were
selected from among seven other iii-
stitrttions because they tl‘ltll with
trietrtally. physically. arid socially
handicapped children.

'l'cltlions ‘llO‘s Co-(‘hair Stuart
Grriskin said‘he has trot totaled
their coittribtrtiori yet. “There's
only a few thousand so far because
riiost ol' the money comes in at the
end." he said.

Iivcnts such as the dance

b Telethon 580 Draws Near

“ (Photo: Ron/lire Ktllakoff)

marathon, ‘walkarlrorr and the
Strident-Faculty. basketball game
will also tidd to Telctlion's funds.

The SA Book Exchange also rais-
ed scveral hundred dollars for
Telctltort's cause.

In addirirtrr. Gruskin said.
Telethon ‘80 is ateiitptiiig to get the
Albany community involved in sell-
iiig raffles and offering prices to

.draw public attention.

According to Gritskin. last year.
Telethon raised 335.000. “The
amount of money raised is impor-
tant". he said. “but just as impor-
tant are the feelings of goodwill
generated among the coriirirrrriity.
it is an opportunity for students to
participate iii a university-wide tic«
tivity. arid has tremendous potential
for bringitig SUNYA trigctlicr for a
common goal."

Donnelly Files J 01) Grievance

 

Claims Contract. Violation

by Betti Sewer

(‘itiitg lack of ttotif‘ lion arid
explanation for his dismissal. 'l‘om
Doriiiclly filed a grievance on
l’cbrritrry 20 against SUNYA‘s
Physical Plant department.

The gricvaticc filed through the
Uiiilcd University Professionals
Union (UUP) states that DoitrieIIy‘s

 

corrditiotr of cmployrrtein ltarl been
violated. discipline was iriiproperly
applied. and his “grietttttce rights
as a clti/cn have been denied.“

According to UUI‘ Lirietancc
(.‘otntnlttcc (‘htrir Professor Allied
l’. I-inkclsteiit. "there is a pro-
ccdrtrc to follow if a dismissal is

desired."

Doriiiclly said the grictance is
necessary because certain
disciplinary procerlutcs required
before ltis dismissal were not taken.

“in victt of the appointment let-
let. it careful explanation is due."
Doriiiclly said.

Doriiiclly. who clairtrs he was

 

fired for "iriipropcr rlisclostirc of
information" to the Albany. 77""...
Union about the astronomical cost
of vandalism at SUNYA. is arguing
that his dismisyal is "in violation rtf
lils contractual eoridiliori of
eittploymcrrt.“

Doriiiclly said ltc ltttd trti agree-
riient with the university to sew ' as
a temporary entployee front Oc-
tober 22. WW throuin May 7. I980
“unless new conditions require an
early termination."

“Officially. they haven't given

arty new conditions." Doriiiclly
suid.
Stctens also said that “we tnakc

truth in Donnelly‘s acctrsatioris.

Grad School Evaluation Program Designed

lty Beth ('arnniaratrt

ill I'L'SDUIISL‘ ll) it growing L‘OliCCI’II
toward the maintenance of doctoral
programs, Iiductttional Testing Ser-
vice (Ii S) has developed it
qrrcsiiorrrtairc-loritiat self-
assessriicrtt sertice for graduate
school trsc.

According to l-Z S spokesman
Martin (ilaubit/. tlte rrutiortwidc
Council of (iradutrtc Schools “four
or fivc ) ' ago began rr study to
develop an instrument that could be
used in evaluating graduate pro-
grants."

 

 

 

r

This study "didn‘t come as a
rcstrlt of complaints.“ he said. but
because schriols "didn‘t have
anywhere to titrrt for information as
to what areas were Ititist itttpor‘ttttit
for a doctoral study.“

Tire questionnaires
about 60 statements
various aspects of the doctoral pro-
gram. including curriculum. quality
of teaching. strident corririiitriierit
and motivation. and facility work
environment. Agree—disagree
choices and litttt|‘-ltt-C.\Ct.'llL‘ltl
ratings spectrum are among the

consist of
concerning

 

questionnaire options. (iradrrntc
‘sltttlr‘ttts. tlltltlttll. rttid faculty are
asked to respond to a standard set
ot stair-uterus concerning each
graduate liltlt'lttlll its well its tip to
tcir questions prepared by the
rlcpartrticnt itself. Locally-prepared
stntctitctrts deal with prograrti
elements and corrccr rrs of individual
Sk'llllttlh.

Since “the departments are all
qtritc different." each one's rcsrrlts
is tabulated separately. rather than
its a ntiitersity system. said
(ilntrbiil.

“While we don't Irate the data
yet." he said. “cvctttttally schools
using the scrticc willltnvc an oppor-
tunity to request. ltir comparison.
Ilrc responses of ten other ittstittr-
lions. 'Ihcy wll get it ptolile sheet.
not running the other institutions.
ttitlt Ilrc requested information.
concerning. for c\tnnplc. the quail
ty of instruction. student ctalrtation
of Ittt‘ttll)‘. library resources. ainl
opportunity for stirrlerrt lll\'ttl\r'
merit in tnctrtrini'fttl research."

l~'|’S is charging M00 pct depart-
ment and $2 per questionnaire for
its settrcr ' ltliliornrl charge of
$20 is lt'\|t'll tor subgroup trirtrltsls.

" l he rptcstiorirrnircs l|£t\t' not
been used ttr tltcit r'trtictil lorrian to
date." (ilntrlirt/ said. lliIlllli' Ilntl
“regional accreditation tissot'inltotr--
interest in tin-

 

‘2

lriitr' r'\ptcssct|
tcsitlls."

SUNYA Dean of trt.rdii;ttc
Studies Richard linll tttltl \’it'c
President for Avatlcrtrrt' Allan-t
Datld Marlin botlt agree that
SUNYA will probably not make use
of the new scrticc. According to
Hall. SUNYA “already has two es-
tcnsitr programs for graduate pro~
grant evaluation."

“'I lie (Lr’trdrrrite Academic ('rrrtn—
ciI (tiAt') conducts a study of each
rleprrrtirrcrrt cvct y five years." Ilall
explained. “Several departments
are evaluated each year ."

 

'l’lte L'llIlL'IIl (iA(' ettrlnatitin pro-
cess ilt\til\'r's bringing iii visitors
ir'cogrii/ctl in their fields tit sitclt lll‘
stitntions as lllll\ttltl. Yale. and
Northwestern. These researchers
and faculty rtreiitbcrs address
students on the issues ol'trdt isemciit
quality. staff. and availability of
library resources, they also discuss
student quality and orrtprrt with
faculty members.

New Yole Sttrtc lzrlrtentiott
Dcpaitittenl (Sl‘l)) also coridrtcls
periodic ctalrrtrtion of SUNY doc.
tortrl pt‘ogratrts. using such criteria
as tttttttbct or students etirollcd.
faculty quality. arid quality of out-

“Mr. Doriiiclly." Stevens said.
"was not dismissed becarrse of ac—
citsatiorrs involving vandalism."

continued on [iiigrnl'l't't'

.3.

 

    
   

[warned grievance ugtunsl (Iv/ii.
(I’ltoltl: Tony TtI.\.\'{II'UIl.I
put. Hall said. i ,

According to Martin. "all of
SlINYA's graduate ptogratiis ltatc
liccrt ctalrialcd at least two titties“
and are constantly updated.

“it”. currently numbers
ﬂlNYA‘s doctoral programs as 22.
with master's degrees ol‘l'ct'cd lit 40
fields. lie admitted that progtnriis
must sorrretitrics be suspended as tr
result of evalutation studies. “one .
of tire cotrscqrtcttccs of the (;A('
tllttl Sl'Cl) pit-grants is ill strengthen
graduate progrartis |t_.- showing the
university trust to better rise
l'L'StllIICL's and evaluate the qnnlitt

r'onlilnn'r/ on pugt‘fit'r'

Students Oppose Stricter

Honors Requirement

by Janice Reinliart
Meeting with student opposition.
the llndctgtadntrlc Academic (‘oni—

IllillhAL”llA(‘)l1‘l\ll‘ill.L-(lil‘l‘lcci‘i‘)ll-

to irrtrt'nsc tieudcnnv icqtriieritcttls
necessary for graduation with
honors.

llic proposal. which would irr-
t'IL'il\L' the grade poitrt nvciagc rc-
trrrii'cd lot graduating Magritt (‘ittn
laritlc Irotti u 3.4 to n 1.5 and (‘rrrri
latule lrorit a 3.0 to u 1.25. has met
with much opposition among tlic
slnrlcttt rnt-titlicrs ol the Senate.
while being pushed through tltc
lIAt' by faculty members.

ll passed. the policy would go iii-
to ellcct lit four years.

in May. I‘)7ll. nl‘) percent of
SUNYA graduated with ltortors. ac»
cording to Central Council (‘hrtit
Michael I evy. “’l'lrc problctit is ad—
dressing rnttdr' inflation. arid its ef—
fects." he said. The pr-rypmcd
(LIMA. increase for graduation
with Iiorrors will have no effect on
tltc present quality of thc Universi-

 

ty. ltc added.

Levy said that ill lltt.‘ present
system. Iioiiors doit'l rcl'lcct depart-
rricitt differences. corn se differences
or L'\ll'tl activities itr which llrc slit-
dctil is involved. “he said that these
issues should be taken ittlo account
wlicit deciding upon a new horrors
system. “Just changing tltc
numbers arbitratin would not
ttiakc the horrors systcrit arty itiote
riicnrtiriglnl."

In addition. he said that grade irr«
flntion is Iii-ginning to dccrcttsc.

Iltrvirrg lltcpr'opttr,1tl postponed is
a “two-putt victory" for the
students, according to l.cvv, “l’irsl.
for hating stopped the passage of
the policy this y air; and secondly.
the stridetrts were given the chance
to bring up other related matters in~
volvcd iii a future decision." he
said.

tl/\.(‘ rept'cscritntivc. Ilarold
Cannon. said that the proposal has
not yet been referred to University
Senate for decision.

 

