_. .1. g; _L

   

.9 :— ~e§>ﬁm

*~»:~r~:'~

 

 

.. f _ .. would Capsules

art-a

 

' Hostages  Face hiat

' l
BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) The president of Iran‘s
Supreme Court and head of Parliament's Islamic
hardliners was quoted Thursday as saying the assembly
will have to d hether or not to put the 52 U.S.
hostages on trial t e United States fails to meet lra-
ntan terms for their.release. Iran’s prime minister. mean-
while. conferred witlt Ayatollah Rubuliah Khomeini.
possibly on the hostages, and government of ﬁcials were
said to have discussed the U.S. reply to Iran's demands
In meetings throughout the day. Ayatollah Mohammad
Beheshti. leader of the fundamentalist Islamic
1 Republican Party which controls Parliament. was
cruoted by Tehran‘s Engela's Islamic newspaper as say-
ing the government would first have to judge the
American response before any trial decision by the
Parliament. The secret reply was delivered to Tehran on
Wednesday by Algerian intermediaries who received it a
day earlier in Algiers from Deputy Secretary of State
Warren Christopher. “If the proposed resolution decid-
ed by the representatives of the people does not really
result tn anything. and the Majlis Parliament decides on
their trial, they would be put on trial in a judicial
court." the newspaper quoted Belteshti as saying.

 

 

Guv. Squaw/cs on Taxing

NEW YORK (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey warned in a
telegram to Treasury secretary G. William Miller Thurs-
day that retroactive tax rttlings on state bonds could do
"irreparable harm“ to government financing projects.
He asked Miller to make it clear that a recent internal
Revenue service ruling does not have any affect on Bar-
lery Park City Atttliority construction loan bonds issued
last May as being free of federal taxes. “Failure to do so
at once will result in irreparable ltarrri to the financing
prospects of tire state. its agencies and its political sub-
divisions, rnost notably the City of New York." the
governor said. “The effect of a retroactive declaration
of taxability . . . will be to destroy investor confidence
irt all securities issued witltitt my state." he said. Tltc lRS
said interest on notes ofa political subdivision which are
sold in arbitrage. or simply to make money, was subject
to taxation.

Union Leader Convicted

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Aritltorty Scotto. the Brooklyn
longshorcmcn‘s Icadcr. must surrender his' trrtion posi-
tions as a result ')f his federal conviction. the state's
highest court decided ’l‘lrursday. The Court of Appeals
refused to Itcar Scottrt's itppcrtl from lower-court deci-
srons stripping hint of his ttttiort posts. The court thcrcbv
upholds the lower-court rulings. Scotto wits convicted
by it federttl jury last fall of obtaining rrtorc than
$200,000 in cash payoffs frorn two waterfront
businessmen irt New York (‘ity. He remains free as he
appeals ltis conviction to the U Supreme Court. A
union colleague, Anthony Anastasio. was also convicted
of labor racketeering charges. Both men were stripped
of their uniort positions by the Waterfront Commission
of New York Harbor, bttt challenged the action irt
court. Scotto is ti vice-president of the International
Longsltoremcn's Association and presidcrtt of the
Brooklyn local. Anastasio is a vice-president of the
Brooklyn local. The Court of Appeals’ ruling Thursday
barred botlt men front their trrtiort jobs. ‘

 

   

\

plane was attached to lh6162nd Airlift Wittg based at '

McChorclAir Force Base. near Tacoma, Wash., he said.
The joint exercises. of about 1.400 army troops and
airmen include units from the lots! Airborne Division
of Fort Campbell, Ky. Pentagon ofﬁcials have stressed
that the joint Egyptian-American operation was planned
well before. the outbreak of the'Persian Gulf war bet-
ween Iran and Iraq. They say the two-week exercise is to
give the'Americans the desert practice they need to live
up to the U.S. commitment to defend the West's oil sur»
plies from Mideast oil fields. The war has cut off oil pro-
duction in Iran and Iraq and the fighting threatens the
Strait of Harmuz, through which sail tankers bearing
much of the world's oil.

Farmers Riot in India

NEW DELHI. Indltt (AP) Telecommunications in the
strife-torn west-central state of Maharashtra have been
sabotaged in four days of agitation by Indian farmers
demanding greater government price support for their
products. news reports said Thursday. Police reportedly
arrested more than 3.000 farmers on riotirtg charges in
Nasik district, center of the agitation. United News of
lndia quoted officials as saying telephone and telegraph
links between Nasik city and several towns were inter-
rupted after saboteurs ripped otrt telephone poles and
cut telegraph wires. Nasik is 90 miles northeast of Bom-
bay. The news agency also said two freight trairts collid-
ed near Nas‘ik btrt no one was injured. Tire accident was
the second since peasant protesters sabotaged railroad
tracks iii the area but officials did not say iftlie collision
Thursday was the result of the sabotage.

 

 

 

Abscam Trial Continues

NEW YORK (AP) One of Abscatn's lcadirtg men has
ended his live and videotaped courtroom performance
on behalf of the prosecutions“ ctts‘ against Reps. Frank
Thompson .lr.. l)-N..l. and .loltti M. Murphy. l)-N.Y.
Th" actor. undercover FBI agent Anthony Antoroso.
Wis seen on tltc TV screen 'l‘httrsdtty irt U.S. District
Court iti Brooklyn failittg to get a Pcnnsylvanictr cort-
gressntan to accept $50,000 irt bribe rnortey and failing
to get Murphy to admit Ire had received part ol an earlier
payoff. lint the day was not a total loss for the prosecu-
tion. The tapes also showed the curtain coming dowtt
on the current Absctitri scene. On Feb. 2 when
Philadelphia lawyer lioward Cridcrt. indicted fotrr times
for Abscam offenses and convicted once. was rtttbbcd by
FBI agents. At the time. lie was sittittg in it Kennedy Air'-
port hotel. supposcdlv waiting to rttect tin Arttb sheik.
He had been summoned by Amoroso and corunaur Mttl
Weinberg. who posed tlirougltottt the two-y-ar nndcr'»
clove: operation as representatives of non-existent t\t'ttlt
S lL'I .

Cabinet Transitions Begin‘
a

WASHINGTON (AP) Advance teams for Ronald
Reagan's new administration began fanning out into the
Cabinet departments Thursday to take stock or the
policies. problems and last-minute surprises the
president-elect will inherit Jan. 20. “We're nyng ,0
identify the time bombs before they explode," said one
top official in Reagan's transition office. which an.
nouneed the team leaders assigned to the 13 Cabinet
dcpartnrents on Thursday. Most of those named were
department officials in the Nixon and Ford administra.
lions. Reagan's aides insisted that the appointed team
leaders are not necessarily potential Cabinet secretaries,
The cltief Reagan transition official named to n...
Defense Departntcnt, William R. Van Cleave, mid
Thursday that ltc will “definitely not" become defense
secretary. Van Cleave. a former Pentagon official when
Richard Nixon 'was president. has been rumored as a
possible defense secretary.

SUNY—B Research on Ice

BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) Buffalo State Univerer inn
created a center to study engineering problems in lIL'L‘l>
ing temperatures. The new Center for (‘old chiony
Engineering. Science and Technology was announced
Thursday during ceremonies at the suburban Authcrn
campus. CREST will bettefit residents of Cunadtt it\ \tell
.as the Urtitcd States, said Dr. Robert l.. Kcttcr. tilt
president. “We have been working to establish 2r center
for Canadian-Anterican studies ltcrc at the lllll\L‘I\ll\.
CRliS’l' cart be art integral part of that ctltlt‘tttrrr." lie
said. (the project already underway is the analog or
glaciers and permafrost on Saturn and .lrtpitcr.( rim-t lll
lromc. CREST will study highway potholes and the cl-
I'ccts on local weather of art icc boorn plttccd rtcross tltc
Niagara River each winter to ltold icc Ill take l llt'.

Heroin Seized in Turkey

ISTANBUL. 'I‘urk‘ey (AP) Securin ltllL'L's \CI/k'tl to
pounds of “pure” heroin in it \illttgc in southemtt u
lurkey. the Turkish state radio reported 'I lirrr~-d..x lhr
lttittl \'tis said to be worth at least 8!] million. Ihc who
reported narcotics agents posing as lituL'ly cuntnttrtl
Mttstttftt Altttn iii a village near the Syrian llttllllt‘l it
said Altttn was arrested with the heroin itt his [trrwcvhitt
rrt 'l'ucsday‘s rttid arid that he belonged to an
underground orgttnilution trading drugs for tutuurn».
The area wits trridcr the cotttrol of an extrerrtc Ictrrst ktrt
dish terrorist group called “Apoctrlttr” llL'ltllt' lly'
military took power in Turkey two months ago.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 US. Military Plane Crashes

CAIRO. Egypt (AP) The fatal crash of a U.S. military
transport plane marred the start Thursday of operation
Bright Star, tltc first test of America's rapid deployment
force to defcttd Western oil sttpplics in the Middle [inst
The ll men and two worrterr aboard the C-I4l were kill-I
ed. military autltoritics said. A U.S. Embassy
spokesman said the plane. one ofseveral involved lit the
l,400-mau nirlitary exercises. was on its final approach

I to an Egyptian military airport when it crashed irtto the

desert duties "in a fireball that lit up the nigltt sky." The
plane crashed two to five ntilcs short of the runway at
Cairo West Air Base dttring a bartking ttrrn uttder clear
ntgltt skies just before midnight Wednesday, according
to Pentagon spokesman Maj. Gen. Jerry Cttrry in
Washington. D.C. He said art investigation has begun

but so far the Air Force has rto idea of the cause. The

Correction

The number of tickets sold‘by the football team for
[the John Valby concert was incorrectly estimated itt
‘I‘ttesday’s issue. The correct estimate should read

l3-l400." The estimated profit for the team. $l.l74, is
correct.

 

 

u ﬁl’“ 1—17

CAMpus BRiEfs

“ v—1I—‘ti—‘i-‘v—

Up Against the Falwalls

Moral Majority is tltc rigltt wing conservative grottp
which has gained prominence since the rccctrt election
for their support of the draft. rt strong military and
mandatory prayer in schools. and for tlteii‘ opposition to
gay rights arid abortion.

Tonight, community rticttibcrs will have the choice of
scerng Moral Majority leader Jerry Falwttll speak at the
Palace Theatre. or of joining a protest rrtllv across the
street. at the New Federal Building. 1

Thc‘rally is being sponsored by tltc Coalition of(‘om-
inon Sense. a capital aien organization which includes
ASUBA. littcrza Latina. Gay and Lesbian Alliance JSC
Hillel, SASU. NYPIRG and groups throughout the. city

Thc‘coalirion wishes to draw attcrrtiort to tltc Moral
Majority's role in the election. A coalition member s'tid
Moral Majority has attacked senators around the whim
lor thcir liberal views and caused (icor'gc lvlr.'Govern1
Btrclt Baylr. and Frank Church to be unsealed 'l‘h"
have also reportedly caused Democratic Senator 
Kennedy to lose the role of House Majority l c'tdcr t
Republican Strom Thttt'nrond ~atr opponent. if Ii “
and legaliLcd abortion. ( ‘RA

The rally gets ttrtdcr way at 7 p.tn. The New l-‘crl - "l
Building is a short bus ride away on lltotrdwt "ind Cl”
ton Avenue, opposite the Palace. For rrrorc ‘info' Ill.
tron, call 463-4372 or 462-6l3tl. In”

 

Humanities Coffeehouse

Tying in with the Falwell appearance and protest rh-
Humttnttrcs and Fine Arts Advisory Committee will.) f
sent their "Not Just Another Friday Night" 
fecltotrse at 8 p.rtr. in the Humanities Lounge llU'tN'

All are rrtvitcd to the coffeehouse which wilfl'eattire 

pttncl dtscnsston on Falwell and the Moral Majority

Coffee and refreshments will be served.

n “ﬁs—

\

Flipping For Easter S als-

You cart take tirtic out for Easter Seals ttrtlitrtttm. .rn.l
rntrybc walk home with a 5.1.000 talking Itrtttntll
mncltinc.

littster' Scttls is'sporisot'ing a pinball torrntrtuctrt tit \rrt
thway Mall and is of 'rirtg prircs for most money "ttxctl.
highest scores. and random drawings. Auyorrc can will
in and play attytirnc betwccrt 10 a.m. and 9 pm. Allltl to
lorttn “Alien Poker" pinball machine. lltmlllcx. and Ill
other pri/cs.

lllt'l't.‘ is a $5.00 minimum to play. brtt it Is tor .I l‘tl‘ltl
cttusc. (‘ttll 434-4l03 for more details.

 

 

 

 

5 Days of Peace...

’0‘

Tltc Albany P 'acc Project is sponsoring l’cttcc \\‘o'l..
next Monday through Friday, Tltc purpose of the neck
Will be to educate and inform the cornrnunitt on tll.tl|
registration. the arms race. and thc milittuy.

One of tire main events will be a teach-in on \\'t-dne~r
(110’. l” “U 354 from l2-5 p.m.

Check orrt the Cambus Center for rt t'ull scltctlttlt' ol

...A Day. of Action

Men. women. and children from all over the lltlllllt'd A
will gather in front of State Office Ihrildiru' 33 it“ 5””
day to voice their support oftltc \\’orncn's l’CIlltlyrrlt '\\
trort taking place Sttttday and Monda)‘ l” V‘VMlml-"hm'

The Women‘s Pentagon Action is tr CtrlllW’“ "I
V‘i‘inicu from tltc northeast who are marching U“ “W “"
It'()II'S defense h'adqurtrtcrs to protest "t"""””“““1"l
vtolertcc against tltc cattlt and against “WW” "“" "'0
years."

Building 22 is directly opposite Suite ()uud. the sun
pathy action will begin at 2 pm. Anyone itttctmh‘tl i"
getting involved with the dcntonstratiort ot child UHF
cart errll 459-6742.

 

 

‘__./'

wt. ‘5“; ’

Lawyer Robert Huger -

  

. tlyglv’ll"

Albany Student Press

by Amy Kantor _

’During the six years since the
nuclear power-related death of
Karen Silkwood on November l3,
1974. much speculation ltas been
raised regarding the energy in-
dustry.

A News FEATURE

In/ t commeration. “Karen
Silkwood Day." was observed
yesterday to honor the anniversary
of the evening on which the 28-year-
old plutonium plant lab analyst lost
her life in a car accidetit.

Lawyer Robert Hagcr spoke at
SUNYA last night on belialfofthe

 

 

 

I'htrtrr: Marv llrnu‘ltrl

4.....-” .. Hm...

  

f

I" \ll(l‘ll(;i.|‘f')i’;‘t£1 ti:

tinuousty on the Silkwood case, and
has extensively researched the
energy ﬁeld.

Business agent for the Interna-
tional Ladies Garment Workers
Union (ILGWU) and executive
committee member for the,newly-
formed national Labor Action
Coalition Judy Conley preceeded
Hager in speaking at the NYIRG.
CAN arid Speaker's Forum-
sponsored event.

This is the first national labor
coalition ever." said Conley. Her
group. slte informed, started with
seven unions and now encompasses
25 labor organizations mostly in
upstate New York; it currently

 

r' wrestler-est.-eriéizH-t-tﬁ _ ., .

Page :Three

Karen Silkwood Remembered I

nuclear." she said.
The main ﬁght of her coalition is

'against utility companies. which

make use of toxic chemicals. “It

costs billions to build nuclear power

plants. It costs two billion to nrain-~
tain them. and three billion to clean

and store radioactive material

mess," Conley explained.

Hager spoke next, in place of Pat
Austin. also a Silkwood Fund
member. She felt ill and could not
attend the meeting.

“Silkwood was a symbol of
feminism. labor, civil rights and the
environment." said Hagar. “Site
was art ordinary persort who had the
courage to do important work." He
tlrcrt retold the circumstances sur»

Karen Silkwood Day.

"Site was ordinary. moral. and right — and (lied/or il. "

Follett to Throw Book at Crooks 

by Mttrk l-‘lscltettl

ltt tltc past. shoplifting tit the
l-‘r'tllctt SUNY Bookstore has gone
basically unchecked, bttt stricter
security measures have recently
begrrti. according to the new general
manager. Joint l-‘cucrborn.

l'cnct'born. who cartic ltcrc frotrt
tltc University of Washington last
March. hits hired employees to walk
around the store and watch for
slioplil'tcrs.

"Last ycrir. the shrinkage in the
store was ttbottt 575.000," Fcucr-
born says. Shrink refers to tire
loss of inventory. sortie of it due to
improper shipping by publishers.
bttt most of it as a result of shoplif—
ting.

llowcvcr. Fcucrborn adds.
“Only about 50 shopliftcr's were up—
prehended last y 'ttr.”

Since tltc plainclothcsrrtcn were
erttploycd one rtrorttlt ttgo. 22
shopliftcts have been apprehended.
0f tltcru, I: have bcert referred to

 

the University Student Judicial
Committee (USJC). rtitd two have
been pttt under arrest by the Univer-
sity Police.

Depending on the titttc of day
and tire time of year. there are front
two to eight plainsclothcsrncn, rtortc
of whom tire students, ill the stoic.
'l'hcsc cmplo_ 'cs constitute only
$200 per week of tire payroll, on the
average. and there are times wlrcrt
no one is on duty. according to
lTL‘trct'born.

“lltrt we're going to try to always
have at least one person." he st 's.

Students stcttl merchandise rang-
ing frotn pens and candy to books.

“One student said he did it on a
bet." l7cucrborn says. “Some peo-
ple actually can't afford to btty
books . . . the price of books is
ridiculous." he added.

licucrhorrt suspects tlnrt cru-
ployccs rntty also be stealing things.
“You like to thirtk there's none
(inside theft). bttt yotr can't

   

     

Silkwood Fund itt Washignton
I).C. Hagcr has worked cort-

ovcrlook tltc possibility."

in tire past. tltc bookstore has
referred shopliftcrs to the USJC.
but tltc committee's actions were
not very productive. according to
l’cuerborn. '

“As far its i know. tltcrc weren't
many results." ltc st 's. ()nc corn-
trtittcc tnentbcr who asked to re-
Itltllll anonymous said that the
referred slioplil‘tcrs had not been
punished.

l-ctrcrbortt hopes to reverse the
trend, he says. He is making sure
that the referral hearings. which will
begin next week. will result itt
ptrttitivc action if tltc defendants are
declared guilty. and will exercise his
right to cull the University Police to
make arrests.

According to .loltrt llcttigltttn of
(‘ampus Security. the two
\ltoplil'tcrs ttrrcstcrl since the
pluirrclothcsritcir began work lrttvc
been charged with pctty larceny and
referred to Albany ('rimiirtrl t‘ourt.

  

SA To Aim For Coordination

by Christopher Koch

Representatives frorn twenty of
the eighty SA-fundcd groups tiict
on Wednesday rtiglrt to cyttminc tr
proposal for the formation of at
l’t‘ogrttm Ilottttl to coordinttt ' ttcv
tivitics of the difl'cr‘cnct SA groups
on campus.

The proposal arose in response to
at pcrccivul lack of communication
between Ilrc SA and its cigltty
mctnbcr goups and between the
member groups themselves.

The proposal calls for tire
establishment of (I program board
which will be made trp_of tcn
' rent

 

representatives from di
categories of student groups within
the SA, such as academic turd
cultural groups. to be chaired hytt
director who will serve its ti liaison
between the board and the SA.

“There is a dctiuitc need for
trtotc communication rind coopera-
lion bctwccti SA anti tis member
groups." said SA Prcsicttt Sttc
(iold. who. along with SA Vice
President Brian l,cvy turd Assistant
Director for Student Atfttits Cathy
Nusshztntrt. ptcpurcrl the proposal
for lltc bonttl.

(ioltl suitl that there has ttlwttys
ltccn it need fora program board ttl
SUNYA bttt tltrtt SA simply has not
ctctttcd otrc. “Although i know the
leaders of tire different groups. the
titaon contact bctwcc SA and its
groups right irow is through the
controller. because each group must

submit a request for funds when
they want to sponsor an event. With
the establishment of ti program
board. thcrc cottld be rnuclt rrtorc
cooopcration and comrmmicutiorr

bctwcctt SA and its groups."

"Right now." continued (ioltl.
“there is it lot of overlappng of
events and luck of planning between
the groups. The program board

divitltrttlly. for the lust couple of
weeks. btrt we couldn't get through
to everyone. so we decided to call

this meeting."
ansbautn stressed that the board
t'tllllfllllt‘Il on page Illltt‘

could correct this. We could coor-
dinntc resources and events so that
it lot of money is saved. as well as
making sure that different group
cvcnts don't conflict with each
other on the calendar."

chy agreed that “there must be
rrtorc cooperation in events and itc—
tivitics, but our biggest concern
right now is to get this board
csttrblislictl so that groups can get
togctltcr to ttrlk about problems
that affect them till."

Most of tire twcnty SA group
representatives were enthusiastic
about the proposed program board.
Spcukct's Forum cltttir .lttnc Sidoti.
who ltelpcd to orgni/c the rrrcctittg.
said she rccogni/cd the need for it
board last year. s

“l wtts on tl‘r' butlch cotntnittcc
Inst yL‘it. and i noticed it lot of
equipment and resources llltll could
have been slurred tunong tltc groups
brit \vctctt‘t, simply licctnrsc the
groups wcrcn‘t talking to each
other." she noted.

“We‘ve bcctr tncctitrg with
l'tttlcr‘s of different groups in-

.

serves more than I00 thousand
employees. “We‘re very anti-

,1.

. ,

continued on page thirteen

   
      

|'lt 'Ittrthtil

I-‘ollett SlJNY Bookstore will beef-up security measures.
I’lttr'ltt'lot/rr'srrrt-rt /lfl‘t't/ Irr (If/ht” 375,000 hows.

sctyrcc after (I out.

 

Buses to Make New Stop?
at Northern Blvd; Swan

'lo prmirlc additional safety to students iii the downtown area.
Physical Plant Director Dennis Stevens has made two changes in bits

A IL').'|Ilttt' stop at Swim Street has bcctr trddcd for both pick-tip tirtd
return trips. “It makes sense," Stctcns said. “l-ormcrly students living
on Sutrn Sticct had to get off at either litrglc or link anti \vttlk‘. It's
working ucll. We're getting much more use tit that stop.“

Another clrtutgc is that cast-bound bus drivers (going down) will
ship at rcrjttcst on Northern Boulevard. Stevens sttid Iltttt sttttlcnts lII-
dicatcd that while Northern Boulevard shouldn't necessarily be made It
regular stop. it should be it prime cx'it stop.

Stcvcns added that despite lltcsc changes. tltc balance of lllt.‘ system
Ltpct'tttcs its before.

 

 

UAS Net Income Over 200 Grand

Board Rate Increase Credited

 

I‘lmln: Kill ('htlu

UAS Manager l-.. Norbert luhm

Says cash to he reinvested

by Ken (Jordon

According to Urtivcrsity Aux-
iliary Sct'viccs (UAS) General
Manager  Norbert Zahm. UAS
had a net income of $107,746 iri tltc
fiscal year July l. |9'/‘9 to June 30.
1980.

This figure was up $20l .69] from
the previous year's net loss of
$93.94.".

Zahm said the main part of this
profit was dttc to art increase itt
‘ regular board rates of eight percent,
and an increase in residence hall
population.

“It's hard to say whether board
rates will increase again next year.
but if they do they'll only go tip a
minimum titnoupt. It would look
like we'll’ have to consider
something. but that all depends on
food prices next year." said Zahm.

UAS is a non-profit membership
corporation that is contracted by

the state to provide services to tire
students of SUNYA.

These services include food scr-
vicc. the Rathskeller Pub. The
Mouscirap, the bookstore, check
cashing. vending machines, bowling
alleys, the Mohawk Campus. and
The Glenn House iti Camp Dip»
pikill.

“A lot of people wonder where
that $l07,746 income goes." said
Ztthm. “'l‘hc riiottcy never actually
moves anywhere. it’s used to cover
debts froru past years. or 't is
reinvested."

“Next summer we want to do
some major remodeling. \ ’c‘ll need
some of this income fiottt in—
vestments to cover the costs.” ex—
plained Zuhnt.

The Campus Center cafeteria and
snackbar areas will he the main
focus of the remodeling efforts. tic-
cor‘ding to Zahm.

 

