o

 

I would. Capsules

 

Consumers 'Overcharged

WASHINGTON (AP) American consumers are probably
paying more, than $16 billion a year in overcharges on food
due to industry concentration. the Agriculture Department
said Monday. Department economists explained that the
overcharges partly go into proﬁts for the companies and
partly result from higher costs for such promotional ac-
tivities as advertising. which have been spawned by the ma-
jor food conglomerate and are passed on to the consumers.
In 1975. the total spent on food advertising was $4.1
billion, most of it for television. radio. magazines, and
newspapers. the department said. »

Pope Tours Africa

BRAZZAVILLE. Congo Republic (AP) Pope John Paul ll
spoke out strongly for religious freedom as a “fundamental
right.” Monday during a six-hour step in the Congo. the on-
ly Marxist country on his African tour. Later. the pope ﬂew
to Kisangani. a mining center in the forests of northern
Zaire for an overnight stop before going to Nairobi. Kenya.
on the third leg of his tour to six African countries. After
praying at the tomb of a cardinal assassinated here three
years ago. the pope celebrated an open-air mass before a
crowd of 200.000. Many strained at police lines to get a
glimpse of the white-robed leader of the world's 700 million
Roman Catholics.

Cubans Relocated

EGLIN AIR FORCE BASE. Flu. (AP) The first of
thousands of Cuban refugees living temporarily in it nor-
thwestern Florida tertt city may begin moving into
American towns by Tuesday. ofﬁcials say. “That‘s a darn
good possibility." site director Norman Steinlatrf of the
Federal Emergency Management Agency said Monday.
The federal agency is coordinating all federal activities in
the processing. The four-acre makeshift tettt corrtrnurrity.
just a few miles from downtown Fort Walton Beach. eon-
tinues to grow as hundreds of rttilitary engineers and cott-
struction workers labor around the clock to erect 18-by52-
foot tertts which lrottse 25 to 35 people. More than 2.000
refugees were packed into the center by midday Monday
and another 500 were expected by day's end. beirtg flown
from Key West. the entry point into this country.

3,000 Mourn Israeli

IIEBRON. Occupied West Bank (AP) ’I'hottsantls of
Israelis wcrtt to the occupied Arab city of lchron Monday
for the funeral of a U.S.-lsrtreli Vietnam War veteran killed
last week Ill a Palestinian guerrilla ambush. Israeli troops
rttovcd swiftly to quell new disturbances tltrottgltottt the oc-
cupied territories. Some of the estimated ."l.000 rnotrrrtcrs at
the fttneral of Eli Hazc‘cv, the 32-year-old American-born
veteran. cried for revenge for the attack last Friday in
which Hit/.c'cv attd four others were killed arid l7 persons
wouttded. "We ttrttst expel all the Arabs from here," said
extremist Rabbi Meir Kaltauc. “It's either tltcttt or us." he
told Israel Radio. Ila/.c’ev. who came front Alexandria,
Va.. to settle in the Jewish West Bank orttpost of Kiryat Ar»
brt. was strongly identified withth right-wing activists who
demand Israel that continue to control. and Jews be allow-
cd to settle ittt. territories capturctl dttrittg tlte l‘)(r7 Midtllt
East War.

New Yorkers Live Longer

ALBANY. NY (AP) Despite indications that New Yorkers
are living lortgcr ttttd hrtving healthier babies. tltc state's
health commissirurcr says it‘s little fora change. With it jttlr
iii the direction of tire hcttltlvcurc industry. Dr. David Ax-
clrod released Motrday tltc Health Department's l‘)7‘) llll~
nttttl report. "We must change tltc equation that commits
virtually all ottr irritation-cortotlcd ltealtlr resources to
sickness treatment." Asclrod Sttltl. “'l'ltct'c is growing
evidence that greater health gains can be achieved by modi-
lyittg the conditions that lead to disease. than by treating
disease after it occurs." The annual report said itr l97‘)
there were among otltcr things: fewer people bcittg bortt itt
New York state. btrt fewer dying; more nutrrittgcs. btrt also
tnorc divorces; fcwcr young tecn-agcrs getting pregnant.
btrt ntore gonorrhea.

Assembly ‘0 Override Veto

ALBANY. NY (AP) It will be “u week or so” before the
state Assembly tries to override (lovernor IIugh Carey's
veto of a bill to sweep seventeen years of dust off the state's
electric chair. Art election-year gtttt was placed trt the
Assembly's head Mottdny when the state Senate voted
42—14 to override Carey's veto of u bill to allow the death
penalty for "aggravated" types of murder. It was the first
time in four years of trylng that either house had voted to
override Carey's repeated vetoes of death penalty bllls.

 

British Rescue Hostages

LONDON (AP) - British commandos stormed the iranian
Embassy at dusk Monday. killing three of the five Iranian
Arab terrorists who seized the building six days earlier and
killed two of their 21 hostages. authorities reported. They
said some of the 19 rescued hostages suffered shock and
cuts. Two other terrorists were captured alive. one of them

story building as the Special Air Services commandos
charged in. A fire followed but it was soon extinguished.
“My God. they’ve done itl" said a reporter fpr the British
Broadcasting Corp.. who believed as did many other jour-
nalists watching the drama from behind police barricades
that the terrorists had carried out their threat to blow up the
building. Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir David
McNee said the decision to launch the assault was made
after the Arabs killed two of their captives Monday and
threatened to kill another every half hour if their demands
were not met. Ofﬁcials reported none of the commandos or
police was wounded in the raid. They declined to say Irow
many commandos were involved; and spoke only in terms
of .“units.” It was not known what caused the explosions.
The terrorists, who seized the embassy Wednesday. had
threatened to blow up the building. but police did not say
how they were armed. It was believed the commandos were
equipped with "stun" grenades used to immobilize victims
with concussion. The terrorists initially had said they would
kill all the hostages if Iran's revolutionary Islamic govern-
ment did not free 9i imprisoned Iranian Arabs.

Officials reported none of the commandos or police was
wounded in the liglttnirrg raid that was over in about ﬁve
ntirrutes. They declined to say ltow many SAS commandos
were involved. but it was believed at least two four-man
squads had been committed. One of the slain hostages was
identified as the embassy press aide, Abbas Lavasuni, 25.
lrattian Consul-General Saytollalt Ehdttie. who Was not in
the embassy. said Lavasani “want to be a martyr for Islam.
We do not rttourtt his death. We are happy his wish was

w0unded. At least two explosions rocked the elegant ﬁve- "

 

 

granted." British Sources in Washington said tltc explo-
' ins were causctl by the cornrttattdos as a diversion. )

Col. Urges Another Rescue

WASHINGTON (AP) Colottcl Charles Bcckwitlt. wlto led
the unsuccessful cotnrnattdo raid to free Americans held itt
lran. told members of Congress on Monday that another
rescue mission should be mounted if the hostages cart be
located. “He just said that if we could find out where the
hostages are. we should go back in and pick them up." said
Representative Sarntrel S. Stratton. D-N.Y.. following a
thrcc»hour closed door rttectittg of tire House Armed Ser-
vices Committee. Tltc fifty American hostages who trad
been held at the U.S. Embassy since last November were
tnoved. scattered among a rttrtttbcr of lrarrian cities after
the commando group's aborted effort to rescue them.
Ilcckwith. called before tltc I'Iottsc prtrrcl to give details of
the aborted mission. also was qrrotcd as saying that taking
tttorc than eight helicopters on the mission would lntve
tttadc the opcrtttiorr too curttbersornc. Tltrcc of tltc cight
choppers takctr on the mission broke dowrt and tire opcrtt-
tiott was scrubbed.

Carey Opposes Carter

.
ALBANY. NY (AP) What is (iovcrnor Hugh Carey tip to'.’
After months of seemingly ignoring the presidential race.
Carey lcapctl ittto the fray Monday with a call for an
"open" Democratic cottvctrtiou at which delegates would
be free to dump President Critter. Ilc becatnc tltc first ma-
jor Democratic party leader to pttblicly espousc such art
tdcrt. In effect. ltc ttskcd his fellow Democrats to nullify tltc
lorth primary process through which Carter is diligently ac-
qtrrrtttg the delegates ttcctlctl to guarantee his rcnomintttion.
“ltt these litttcs. l need not say these are pctilotts and dif-
ficttlt times. it seems to the it's the responsibility of the
Dorlnocrtrtic Pttrty to hold tr totally open convention.“ he
stnt .

 

l-‘our Students Killed rtt Kent —~ May 4. WM

.I

 

 

el‘fv Miller .

L

 

Aaouud CAMpus

I Luv SUNYA 

I Love SUNYA.

This is the feeling of five second-year graduate stuent '
SUNYA's MBA program. The five students plan to 5m
more this feeling by mounting a vigorous Campaign mi[5:10.
of their course requirements for an advertising and mm:
tion course taught by Dr. Chris Buss. '

The ﬁve students, Patrick Baldasare. Adam Cwunc.
Mitchel Greenbaum. Eric Lemke. and Dennis McEvo'
hope to enhance the overall image and conception ma);
students have of SUNYA.

According to Adam Cwerner "students do no know
how good this University really is."

Their objective is to promote school spirit and to have
students be proud; confident and satisfied with their all‘ilia.
tion with and conception of SUNYA.

According to McEvoy. “There is potential for school
' spirit 5 evidenced by the large lurn~out at tltc fountain.
when they were turned on Friday."

According to Greenbaum. they are relying on the an
department. RCO department. and the ASP to help them
present their campaign.

“We are short on ftntds and high on creativity." (irccn.
baum said.

SU Committee Formed

The Student Uniott Steering Contntittcc was unanirrrous~
ly chosen at an SU meeting Monday night.

Those appointed were: Bob Alloca. Dean lieu. Mitch
(lreebel, Terry McGovern. Janice Adarnushko. (itlIL'
Pawlowski. Jim Tierney will chair the committee,

The Steering Committee guides the union. and Ill\'tII\L'\
itself irt social issues such as housing and trrition.

Kent State Remembered

“Make jobs. not war." This was the chant heard Sunday
as approxlrnatcly 250 persons gathered fora mentor in] rally
in Wasltittgton Park recalling the Kent State killings ten
years ago.

Sponsored by the Albany Peace Coalitiort. the rally tn-
cludcd a candle lighting ceremony at the New Scotland
Ayenttc Arrttory in rrretnory of those who died at Kent Sta c
and Jackson State University in Mississippi.

()ne speaker at the rally. Mike Kosak said. "lcwut‘. ol
Kent State" came in the form of a deterrrtirratiorr not ltr ptr
to war to protect "basically business interests." but mull
those lessons are being forgotten as the country consult-ts
the possibility of armed forces entering other countries.

Paul Straussmttn attd Dick Stock provided entertainment
by singing anti-war songs.

At Kent State University itt ()ltio. l.00() people gathered
pcttccfttlly for it campus tucrnorial scene of the May 4. I‘ll“)
shootings in which four students were killed tltttl lllllL' others
injured.

Iliarticipants at the Kertt State rally staged an all ltlt'Itl
vrgtl. taking turns standing with lanterns wlrerc Sandra
Schcuer. Allison Krausc. Willirtrtt Schrodct and Jeffrey
Miller tlIL‘lI. '

 

SUN YA Com,ntentorales Ken!

Kent State Dtty Will be commctrtotatctl on Wednesday.
Mtry 7 at 9 p.m.. according to SASU Delcttﬂlc- IW’” wt"
titeitrt.

I‘he Candlelight Vigil will Itt: IIL'Itl ill tltc urtrwl l0““"””
near the Campus Center irt memory of the four studrllb
who dietl in Kent State. Ohio. urrtl the two student» \t‘l'”
tlled itr Jackson State. Mississippi.‘

 

The ceremony is being sponsored by 5A5“ “'“l 51" "(1
cording to Wertlrcitn. #

 

 

 

llundreds “unlte to take back the night.“
Women refuse to be quiet tlll(l passive victims.

Senate Representation May

by Eric Koll

Students may lose their power itr
University policy decisions as facul-
ty vote tomorrow wlrctltcr to cott-
tiIttte stttdcttt rcprcsentation on the
Uttivcrsity Senate. according to

; Urtiversity Senator Steve Coplon.

“There is a serious tltrcat to stu-
dent representation on tile Senate.“
said Coplon. “This is tltc most im-
porturtt issue students face; if we
lose representation on Scttate. we
will lose ottr most important tools
for change on campus."

Students membership on the

(Photo: Mark HtI/ek)

....»......

' Albany- Student IPress

- ' Page Three

Women ‘Take 'Bde' The. Night9

 

Hundreds March Against’Rape

by Beth Setter I

The streets of downtown Albany
were filled with the six to seven hun-
dred women arid some tnen who at-
tended the Take Back The Night
March and Rally last Saturday night
at 7:30 p.m. The event. which was
sponsored by the Albany Women
Against Rape (AWAR). was held to
protest that women must rerttaitt in-
doors at night in fear of being
raped.
“Women have always bccrt cau-
tioned against going ottt at night
because that is when most rtrpcs oc-
cur." explained AWAR member
Pat Mason. “Ilut the women are
rtot doittg the attacking. and the
wornctt should not be cut fcwed. It's
especially important for us to be ottt
at night."

“We believe that 'l'akc Back The
Night Marches place tr strong image

 

Faculty Quorum Needed To Vote

University Senate will expire on .lu-
ly l. Wilt). unless the faculty votes
to extend it tomorrow irt tltcir an—
nual meeting at J p.m. ill the Cum-
pus Center Ballroom.

Strident Senators expect tomor-
row's vote to be a “tough one."
mainly bccrtusc of faculty apathy.
Coplon said.

PttCtIIly parliamentary pro-
cedures rule that if lcwcr than 20
perccrtt of the faculty attend the
meeting. and a quorum ts called by
one faculty rrtctnbcr. the measure to
extend student representation carr-

Central Council Restores

Stipends And Funding

by Laura It‘iort-ntlno

Althotrgh the SA llutlgct Com-
rrtittcc had previously recommend-
cd cttttittg several SA group budgets
and slipcttds for next year. (‘cntrttl
('ouucil reappropritttcd rrrttclt of the
funds this week.

At a (‘cnttal (‘ormcil rrtcctirtg
Wednesday night, W(,'I)ll.
Speaker's l-‘ortnn. Albatty State
(‘inemu atttl University (.‘oncc.t
lloard caclt received stipends for
$250 a year. According to SA
Ilttdgct (‘otnntittcc Chair Mike
Williamson, (‘cntrul Council‘s ra-
tionale behind slipcnding these
groups was that they held responsi-
ble fiscnl ttutl organizational posi-
tiotts. Williatnson added that the
tittrc cottttnittucnt expected of these
grottp leaders was high attd they did
not wttnt to prevent anyone frotrt
taking tltc position because they
couldn‘t afford tltc time without be-
ing paid.

Thursday night. Central Council
also ftrntlcd Coalition Against
Nukes (CAN) $l45.00; Off Campus
Association (OCA) $5500.00; Quad
llottrds $5500.00 each; and Five.
Quad Ambulance Service $200.00
for it police and fire scanner.

SA stipends rtnd salaries were
also appropriated "Thursday night.
The SA president. vice president.
corttroller. and central cortrrcil clrrtir
will receive the strrrtc amount as this

yctrr. said Williamson. 'Sl.000.0()
over the summer and $500.00 dur—
ittg the school year.

This Wednesday. l’opu/ur (int/'-
_/i/i. 'l'ungt'nt. anti But St‘riuttslv
I-‘ol/ts as well as other groups are to
be considered for funding.

I’upttlttr Graffiti which never
submitted a budget to the littdgct
(.‘orumittcc has since talked, to Lisa
and will "probably go in.“ said
Williatrrson. They have asked for
$l7(tt).0() for four issues. 'I‘ttngt‘nl,
on the other hand. asked for
$2844.00 for four issues. "We'll
have to question why it's costing
them so trnrclr more." said William-
son. littt Seriously I-‘o/ks will receive
$400.00 per issue.

In a previous analysis of the
budget. however. SA Bridget (.‘om—
rnittcc had recommended to Lisa
(Ncwnturk) that both 'I‘ungt’n/ and
CAN receive no funds for next year

because they did not live tip to their

constitution. Said Williamson. "l
objected .to CAN because it was a
political group which claimed to
provide irrforrruttion on both sides
of nuclear power. brrt It didn't." He
stressed that student tax money
should not be spent for only one-
sidcd causes which everyone did not
agree with.

Wlllinrnson also said that
Tangent was not living tip to their
constitution. “They were supposed

not be voted on. Students will then
automatically lose Scntttc represen-
tation.

In the past. the faculty turnout
has been very poor. falling well
below the necessary 20 percent. ac-
cording to Coplon. llttt itt the past.
nobody has called for a quorum. he
said.

However. this year there is some
strong faculty opposition to cxtcn-
ding the student representation. tun
cording to, Setttttor Mttrk
llorkowski. anti ltc expects tr

quorum to be called at the meeting.
The faculty opposition is partial-

    

“5
SA Budget (Thulr Milt Williamson.
Ncwmttrk restores his cuts.

(Photo: Sunu Steinkantp)

to be a literary magazine with
poetry. prose and short stories. We.
(lludgct Committee) felt the
editorial staff at Tangent was
bccotnittg feminist and the chance
of publicizing something trot
feminist was slim. With that irt
mind we voted down it’s budget."
Williamson was originally angry
and “aggravated when Lisa ignored
our recornrncttdations" bttt when
we learned that she tirade the
changes after conferring with the
groups. we felt she knew what site
was doing."
Lisa Newmark was unable to be
reached for comment.
The Budget Committee. accor-
continueti on page six

of women in the popular imagina—
tion. They show that women are not
going to be quiet and passive vic-
tints of violence anymore.” said
another AWAR member Beth
Kaye. ‘ »

According to Kaye. the rally
began at 7:30 pm. at the Boathouse
in Washington Park. At about 8:30
pm. the rnarcbers walked through
several streets in the Downtown and
Pine Hills area. They then returned
to the Boathouse for the rest of the
rally, which ended at approxintately
I 1:30 p.m.

The march was "highly effec-

tive.“ said Kaye. “Hundreds of.

women camc marching behind ban-
ttcrs." Also. some men showed
their support by marching with the
worttett. baby—sitting for the
children. and protecting the cquip-
ttrcttt. Albany residents Itttttg ottt of

Be Cut

ly the result of a student effort to
lengthen tltcir two-year scuttle cs—
tensions to four years. according to
Coplon.

"ff'somconc calls for tr quorum
and there is no qtrorrrrrr. we are off
period.“ llorkowski said. “But if
there is a quorum. tlterc s at good
chance of us winning."

A trtrtssivc attempt to get thc
necessary faculty attendance was
spearheaded by the Student Uniort

late Monday night. Today and
tomorrow current University
Senators trntl other concerned

students will urge professors to al-
IL'll(I Wednesday‘s mccting.
Ilotkowksi said.

“Students are going to have to
take an active role in contacting
professors; those who really care
will come." said liorltowski.

The SA also received nruch
criticism frotrt the SU ttrtd student
senators. who accused SA ol “not
doing a datnrr thing" to organi/e art
effort to save the student sctttttc
scztts. ()nc senator said that "the
SA was lax irt their responsibility.

house windows and came out of
bars to watch. cheer. and wave the
marchers on.

Some of the marchers held
«flashlights and torches as they walk-
ed. A group from the Catskills
brought along their musical in-
struments.

The AWAR event was held in
conjunction with many
neighborhood associations. church
groups. and local schools and mer-
chants. They also received tbe full
cooperation of the Mayor and the
Police Department. according to an
AWAR report.

Among AWAR representatives
who spoke at the rally were Oricthia
and Judith Fetterley artd Helen
Desfosses of SUNYA. Desfosses
spoke about her experiences as a
rape victim.

continued on page seven

  

Univ. Senator Steve Coplon.

Urges faculty attendance.
(Photo: S'tt've NW0)

They did absolutely nothing."

The scntttor also criticized senate
orgtuti/cr Steve ('oplon. who tltc
sctttttot’ said was supposed to
orgnui/c the effort brrt did nothing.
"If the Student Union didn't step
irt. nothing would have been
done."

Coplon. however. said while "I
think that we could have done a
better job" of organizing. “we've
done nrorc than we've ever tlonc iii
the past."

If efforts to get tltc necessary 20
pcrcetrt faculty attendance at
\‘l'cdncsduy's meeting fails. the only
recourse for students is to wait tttrtil
the fall faculty meeting. where they
would need a 40 pcrcetrt facttlty tur-
nortr to get lIl‘L‘ students back on the
Senate. according to Borkowski.

UAS Billed $30,742
For Garbage Clean-Up

by Pat Ilranley

For the first titne. the University
will charge UAS a total of 530.742
for garbage collection and clean-up
said Assistant Vice President for
Finance and Business Robert A.
Stiercr.

"The services the University will
be charging UAS for include gur-
bage removal frortr the dock areas
of the trptowrr quads. The
downtown area is not included
because they use a dumpster instead
of a dock. Also included will be
removal of garbage and clean up In
the Catnptts Center." said Stierer.

"In the pttst UAS was not charg—
ed for these services supplied by the
University. The reason we are now
forced to charge for these services is
the severe budget problems SUNYA
ls facing." lre said.

Sticrer said. “It Is within our

rigltt to charge for these services. In
the contract betwectt UAS and the
University it is explained that the
Uttivcrsit" does have this right."

"We have not dortc so in the past
in an attempt to accommodate
UAS. Bttt it is now impossible. We
have been sharply criticized by the
State Comptroller’s Ofﬁce for not
previously charging UAS for these
services." Ire said.

“Although some of our funds
have been restored to the Universi-
ty. it will still be necessary to charge
UAS for these services. We are still
considering charging for electricity
used by UAS." Stierer said.

In response to tie back charge
for the services they receive frotn
the University. UAS President of
tin? Board Mike Faber said. “We
have no choice but to pay the

continued on page seven

