 

.. o...,._—W—N‘

 

Aspects on Tuesday

May 6. 1930

 

Page 8

, Washington Report

ashrngton D.C. 'during the day is a
blur of people — tourists. politicians,
would-be politicians. and a seeming
majority of security cops. At night, the ‘shops
and. $45-a-plate restaurants of Georgetown

  

In the morning In the middle of March. the city
is empty. a little hazy and cold as hell. .
"O.K.. where do you want to go from

Sue Milligan and
Laura Florentine

- The conventional DC tourist would be
v sleeping in a hotel room at this hour. But with
only return bus tickets, backpacks, and a few
bucks, we'd settle for anywhere warm. The
Washington Hotel seemed an ‘ opportune
place and Its Senator's Conference Room pro-
. ved quite comfortable. Still shivering a little
/ from the cold, and somewhat watchful for any
hotel manager who might discover us. the four
of us, Including an Englishman we'd met on
the bus, mapped out the day's agenda. We
were determined to avoid the touristcoute. the
hotels. the sight-seeing trips. lt's pryfctabie,
somewhat boring and besides —— e/ didn't

 

 

have enough money. Still. Iltete were things
we felt compelled to see.

The trick, we found. was to stress participa-
tion arid the unconventional. if you're willing
to give up a few or more of life's little comforts.
five days in Washington cart be a hell of art ex-
perie.n—ce.

We didn't plan ahead —— which is to say,wu
really didn't think about meals and lodging.
We had the luck to secure a place to sleep iii
the home of a generous. individualistic. and
completely trusting (amazing for DC.) woman
named June in MarylandBut meal time often
found us eating cold beefaroiti from a cart on a
bus or make-shifting a picnic lunch of swiss
cheese and raisin bread on the Archives
building lawn. We also spent a lot of time on
buses and In subways. Washington's "Metro"
is quite impressive — the subways are space—
age styled white cement and tile -— quite a
comfortable place to crash, if need be. And
you can go almost anywhere via DC's mass
transportation system. Feeling a kind of social
responsibility to check out the nation's great
war-planners. we trekked by subway to the
Pentagon.

With our backpacks, army surplus jackets,
and buttons readlrrg "Stop the Draft" and
“Question Authority." we were less then cor-
dially received. First our packs were searched
(an ordeal We went through at the door of
almost every federal building); the officer at
the entrance seeemed almost disappointed to
find only spare T-shlrts, boxes of dry cereal.
and a couple of semi~decayed apples. And
while browsing through the literature In the
Pentagon bookstore, we were disdatnfully
referred to as "Commies" by a few staunch
military-types across the book table. -

The tour (no one is permitted to roam freely
in the Pentagon) consisted mainly of a show of
paintings depicting various military scenes. We
saw the first woman to receive her Air Force
"gold wings” and a picture of a man with
numerous stars on his shoulder, which. the
guide explained. signified a certain number of

cater to Washington's rich and elite. But at five _' -

'i
It
minim
'1“ "3 A ‘-

our the Hill, through the Wash

  
   

 

"kills." The tour wasn't complete until we were
shown a list "heroes" from the lndlan
Campaigns" to World War ll to the “Vietnam
Conflict."

in the interests of political contrast and
equal time, we also paid a visit to the lranlan
Embassy. ironically. these foreign diplomats
(whom have since been sent back to lran)
were far more gracious than the Pentagon of-
ficials. They even invited us In for a tour. but
short on time. we declined.

For every George Bush or John Anderson
or Ted Kennedy, there's a "Love 22" whom
we encountered while anibllng down Penn‘
sylvania Avenue.

A red, white, and blue colored school bus
with an Uncle Sam behind the wheel opened
Wide its door for us. "Love 22" was printed
over the bus, the drivers license, the license
plates and “Love 22" himself.

 

 

Appealing to us Immediately with his broad
smile and his offer to "hop in,” he opened his
door and we gladly jumped on board.

Covered from top to bottom with news ar-
ticles. beer cans, 22 dollar bills. clothing and
other assorted goodies. the bus looked like so-
meone's suite room back at Albany.

“HI, l'm Love 22 and l'm running for Presi-
dent. And we all know what "love " adds up
to. So go tell your classmates and we all know
what "classmates" adds up to — that l'm a
viable write-in candidate."

After handing us a few of the 22 dollar bills.
Love explained the significance of his name
and number. remarking that Washington was
born on the 22nd and Lincoln died on the
22nd, and “of course there's the ultimate
Catch 22." As If this wasn't enought, Love
proceeded to show us a chart on which letters
were assigned certain number values. As we
said a word in speaking he'd pick it up and say
"22". The addition of the number values of
the letters equaled 22. This. he explained. was
his rationale In picking 22 as his number.

We weren't too sure what to make of this
"politician." He seemed confident, and a little
disgruntled that we dldti't take him as seriously

 

    

as he took himself. Wetalked about the draft.
nukes. drugs -— then he handed us some
phony $22 bills —- with his picture on them —
and bid us goodbye and "peace."

And we all know what “peace” adds up to.

We felt compelled to visit the monuments
and other assorted official buildings. tourist-
Infested though they were. The platform of the
Jefferson Memorial was crowded with a
troupe of mid-western junior high-school
students. some taking pictures, some pushing
each other and giggling, and the youngest
pseudo - intellectuals pretending to read the
quotes etched in the mor'iument's marble.
They captured our Interest more than the

-- ’i v .

 
  
 
 
 
  
   
 

statue. The Lincoln Memorial — what our
English friend deemed “the bloke on the
chair" w was not much different. But the view
of the Tidal Basin and Reflecting Pool at night
from the two monuments was gorgeous. We
skipped the Washington Monument, which Is
not a monument of Washington at all. but a
tall phallic structure not unlike SUNYA's water
tower.

The art and architecture of the Capital Is
also impressive. but a guided tour Is boring
and sitting In on Senate or House hearings ls
monotonous to even the most enthusiastic
pre-law student. Again. we took our own tour
for greater insight and amusement. Still in
denim and backpacks among well-attired
Congressmen, we walked through the
"closed" areas (whom are they fooling?) when
a sign warning “For Senators Only" caught

   
 
   
 

 

‘ .

  

.villi"'-..". or”. r
W'rl'i'ii“. ‘

 

 

  

 
   
 
 

 

/ ﬂ

our Interest. How could we resist? Beyond the
sign and a couple of doors we found a lavrsh
dining room. Southern-decorated right down
to the red velvet drapes and portly black
waiter. who was actually very friendly We got
right to the noint.

"Does Senator Javits spill a lot?" we iti-
quired. With a thick Georgian accent, ting
waiter affirmed our suspicions. adding,
"They's just regular folks. like you and titi.‘ "

Not far from the Capital is the Smithsonian
museum complex. We flashed our ASP press
cards at the Space Museum and gained on
trance to the movie To Fly. which was “sold
out" for the next two shows. Publicity talks
The 50-foot screen and stereophoiiic sound
system were fine examples of “advanch
technology." and probably well-worth the
average hour's wait in line. The Att‘lIIVL‘s
building offered an interesting construction vs
disintegration contrast with the respective
displays of the original lengthy Constitution
and brief resignation letter of Nixon. There's a
social comment In there somewhere.

We felt a personal need to face our conipetr
tion ,and partners in the media game. and
found The Washington Post to be a logical
place to visit. And they're easy prey for the old
"l’m going Into journalism and l'd like to talk to
a couple reporters about breaking into the
business" ploy (and we sincerely thattk .lon
Newmann 8: Ted Gup). That won‘t even get
you an Interview at the ASP. But we were lill'
pressed — their newsroom is twice the size of
all our offices combined.

We visited the National Zoo, new home of
the pandas, a gift from China —- and \vrslnui
we hadn't bothered. ln ironic contrast. the
animals stared sullenly ahead while people
threw food at them. It scented a social slitlt'
ment was being made here. as well.

As all who go to [).C. know. everyotiw
who's anyone spends his evenings lIt
Georgetown. The people are wealthy and thy
specialty shops — which sell everything llrriit

 
   

only woodwork to only red. blue. and green
pillows — capitalize on this. But we found llmi
a $6 Greek pizza (the cheapest item in the
area) and a bottle of wine suited us just fine.
friendly talk with Shop-owners made the vtsits
(we went there every night) complete. We
looked a little out-of-place among Washington
elites dressed in three-piece suits and carrying
$200 in their pockets. but there's something to
be said for attracting a little attention in DC.

 

May 6. 1950

   

 

 

Aspects on Tuesday

 

 

Alfred Hitchggck

The Death Of A H

' ffor no other reason. Alfred Hitchcock's
death would have to be noted and
mourned as the passing of the last work-

Ing director whose career dated back to the
silents. There are other reasons though. ones i
wattt to take note of here.

Jim Dixon

Almost everyone who's ever been to the
movies has seen an Alfred Hitchcock film.
Most of these people would even be aware of
the director. something unusual for most
moviegoers. Hitchcock was always the star of
his pictures. something even the most die-
hard Cary Grant and Jimmy Stewart fans
would have to concede. Putting "AI/red Hit-
chcock's . . ." above the title always brought

 

them in. He was the Master of Suspense iti
capital letters. Nothing else mattered.
Few directors ever contributed so many

 

 

 

Visit Washington in the conventional man-
ner and you could end up convincing yourself
along With your friends of what a good time
you have. Visit with or. eye for the unusual. an
adventurous spirit, and a degree of arrogance
to r‘rry the whole thing off. and though you
may encounter problems, you'll leave
Washington —- it you leave Washington 
with no regrets.

     



iv. i

r t' 4i ‘-.

   

  

 
  
   

 

 

 

classics to the theaters. So many Hitchcock

  

Sweet Seventeen »

 

would have to call the crowd waiting
[for Rachel Sweet. Saturday night at the
Hulln Ballo ‘expectant. Why? Well in
February, Rachel had cancelled what would
have been her initial appearance iti the area,
leaving Jerry Garcia without an opening act.
Expectant because iil truly sevettteuri,,Raclie
Sweet has a reputalii’rn for being one of the
most powerful fernirle roi‘k illlLl roll singers to-
day. Her voice, which to the listener is int-
.pressive on vinyl, is devastating iti live perfor~
mance.

Edward P‘l’n ka

Her summer appearance at the Bottom
Line. in NYC attracted such notables as the
Kinks. The Roclres, and her idol Bruce Spr-
ingsteen. as Well its a full house that called her
out for so many ctrcoriss, Sltt’ ran out of songs'
Saturdin trigltl. i expected to size it show as

 

good as that one.

Well. the show wasn't as gootl. it was better.

in the one year since i last saw her, Rachel
Sweet has become .r lllli' performer. taking
command over both Ilit.’ stage ttlitl the hearts
of the audience with her bashful smile and .ip-
pealitig stage present 0.

While at the Bottom l.lII(’ she did more of
the country-type. slower songs from her first
album f’ool Around llirl til the Hull-r Hallo.
Rachel was almost all rock and roll. Opening
wltlr the |lllrl'l(‘r|.‘ii‘il "Truck Stop Queen,"
Rachel llttllli’fllttlt‘ly took control of the stage
tilld moved around like she had been born
there. But stage presence hasn't always been
Rachel's strong point lII NYC. Rachel. with
her backup band Fingerprintz. scented over~
shadowed and otri-of-plirce lit the presence of
the slightly-aggressive puirlclooking lads. Brit
her new band. the Toys. fit Rachel as well its
her Levi's did. The four-man, which consisted
oi: Joltii DiCarlo on keyboards and bass. Joe
Morgan on drums, Ditto Giovannon on bass
and rhythm guitar and Rob Wells on lead
guitar had played together for four or five
years before Dick Sweet (relax guys. he’s
Rachel's father and manager) spotted them
and signed them tip. The Toys are also sup-
posed to write and play on Rachel's next

 

 

films have become standards . . . Psycho/The
Birds. Rear Window. North by Northwest.
Suspicion. Vertigo. His films were always
classy. always distinctive. No director. ever.
has been as inﬂuential or as Imitated. in recent
memory his imitators have included Francois
Truffaut. Brian DePalma and Jonathon
Demme. Millions of people stood in line to see
Foul Play. though few realized director Colin
Higgin's debt to Hitchcock. And if It had not
been for Hitchcock. Mel Brooks would have
had no one to satirlze in High Anxiety.'

it's hard to say just what made Hitchcock
the genius he was. He was a studio director.
generally uncomfortable with location work.
His brand of film-making is rarely seen much
these days. Hitchcock worked on sets. after
having carefully blocked out every move the
camera would make in advance. According to
Hitchcock, that was the futi of movie-making
It was all in the planning. the calculating. in
comparison, the actual execution was dull. He
took that philosophy to an extreme once, arid

' made Rape. a filtn shot iii twulve letr~minute
takes. the maximum capacity of the old filtii
' magazines. A special set was constructed, one

with breakaway walls and other features to
allow the bulky camera maximum mobility. To
modern directors that miglrl seem an exercise
in futility. Francis Coppola likes to ad lib
lengthy scenes. Others shoot entirely on loco»
Iiori.

Yet there is something about his films that
refuses to be dated. Arid everyone still imitates
him,

Hitchcock liked tuappear in all his films. He
was air unabashed ham. He was also
something of a practical joker, and liked to
make his cameos hard to spot. In Rope. he
was seen only as a totaling statue on top of a
building visible from an apartment window. in
Dial M For Murder, the camera showed .3

album.

After thcI opener, Rachel followed with two
songs from her new album Protect the fntro~
cent —- "Foul Play" and "Jealous." Slit!_lii'
troduced the trext song by sayitig,“Mc and‘my
friends always used to gossip in the parking lot
of Firestorm High School back in Akron.
Ohio. And one of the things we talked about
was ‘Wlio Does Lisa Like'." The song. written
by her lawyer Liam Siernherg, was on English
single that featured the bimil's harmonic
talents.

Halfway through the concert Rachel per

formed three songs which brought her to the
highest point (if the night. The first
l3-A~B~Y." an old molown sung and “The
Hit" tiff her first album. had everyone singing
the chorus. The next was the first case iii it'll)-
po of the evening. “Wildwood Saloon." a
(’(ilIItIi‘y time, also written by Slernberg, conr
pares the iaste of whiskey In love. Her next
song "New Age" off her new album was it
remake .of the Lou Reed classic and was
dedicated to a member of the audience (Rob
lidelstein) who was celebrating his birthday.
Two more fast rockers followed » “'l'orritu"
and “Cuckoo Clock" —- and their Rachel per-
formed another remake. it has been said that if
someone remakes a song, it should either be
better than or different from the. original.
Rachel's Version of "New Rose," the first
English hit from the punk rock band The
[Jaunted was both, due to both the talent of
the band and Rachel's dynamic singing.

Then cirtne another slow tune, this one
frorri the new album, Rachel's performance of
"Tonight Ricky" had the audience swaying
and strapping their fingers to the coy charm of
her “red-light" lyrics. She closed with l'Crive
Me A Reason" which featured a guitar solo by
Rob Wells. The song was pure rock 'n' roll
from start to finish.

An enthusiastic crowd brought Rachel out
for two encores. The first time out Rachel ask:
ed the audience if they wanted to dance. After
a rirranirttrious "YES," the. band ran through
twu classic Presley songs "All Shook Up"
and"Jailhouse Rock". and another new one
“Baby, Let's Play House." Rachel bounced
and bopped all over the stage smiling.

close-up of a class reunion photograph, while
a finger pointed out a character. ignore the
finger and look down and there was Hitchcock
at the bottom. mugging the camera. in Family
Plot. his last film. his distinctive profile' was
seen in silhouette through a frosted glass pane
— if you look fast enough.

Hitchcock's fans all have their favorite films
and their favorite scenes — moments of terror
they feel were made just for them. The shower
scene in Psycho Is a popular one (My mother
has only taken baths since she saw It). The

.masslve feathered attack on Bodego Bay In

The Birds is a biggie. Thousands still cringe
thinking of the Mount Rushmore scene from
North by Northwest. l'm partial to a. scene
from The Tlrirty~Ntne Steps In which a woman
discovers a body. screams. and all we hear Is
the sound of a train whistle. Then Hitchcock
cuts to the train.

He was art innovator. for people who insist
that great directors innovate. lti Vertigo he
spent weeks developing a single shot. and
finally came up with what he wanted. To give
the audience vertigo. he built a model
stairwell. and turtied it on it’s side. He then
dollied the camera iti on it while zooming out.
The audience‘s vantage point tertiained the
same, but their perspective and perception of
depth was wildly altered. They got vertigo.

It's been copied since.

Hitchcock liked music. and always used it to
effect. Bernard Hermann's score to Psycho
with it's shrieking vlolitrs is a modern classic.
And yet sometimes he'd do the opposite and
use a light score, like in Dial M For Murder.
You see. Hitchcock was a great believer in ter-
ror, but he was also a great believer iti criter-
iaintnent, and had a weird sense of humor
He'd play a scene. or even a whole film, for
laughs.

Recently composer

John Williams ru-

Il'he Young, The lnnocent,And Bock-ll-llol

laughing and enjoying herself as much as the
audience. Her second encore contained a
new song which is slated to be on the next
album. "The Boys On Seventh Avenue." The
sotig. a Sweet original. was lightly influenced
by Springsteen. lf Rachel can mesh her new
lyrical ability with the musical diversity of the
first album. she should have a hit record

Rachel lqu a standing, satisfied crowd who
had their expectations "Sweelly" met and
then some.

----

Rachel's opening act was the NYC bred

GI’

counted his first experience working for Hit-
chcock. Hitchcock. trying to 'show thliam§<
what he didn't want. told him about a com-
poser he'd worked with who had brought
"every bass and oboe in London" to the
studio. Williams said "But Mr. Hitchcock. that
sounds perfectly appropriate." Hitchcock's
answer was: "But don't you see dear boy.
Murder can be fun."

 

Hitchcock's murders were fun. No one
dropped as many corpses in our laps and
made us love it so much. His sense of humor
pervaded his films. giving them the air of class
and dignity they usually had. He missed the
mark some times. No one recalls The Wrong
Man as much of a classic. and even In his bet-
ter films. such as The Birds. he started off too
slow. Nonetheless. he did understand
sUspt'nsu, did it better than anyone, and pro-
duced a number of movies that can only be
considered rrWesome.

He died a Working director. unsuccessfully
trying to find backing for a movie he never got
to make. Rather than going out a retired
legend. Alfred l‘fiichcock, at eighty, died a
movie-maker. a

 

 

Marc Johnson and the Wild Alligators, who i
also saw last summer at the rock club Heat.

My first ittipressioir of Marc was not a good
one, brrt liIItI' has changed the Alligators.
Wlli‘lt i told Johnson of the hands it prove-
mi'nl he terttrrrked, “Yeah, we're all playing
on tlri.I some heat now." Marc plays hard—beat
iocli music with slttiple. slightly repetitious
lyrics Better nititrhers of their set were the
opening song, “l’rocioiis Love." “Bad Love
Won't Change My Heart" and “2l2.”

The Alligators have gotten better, but still

 

 

need more time and more change. I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Aln't also Sweet: Rachel's youth worked to In:
ﬂ beneﬁt In loot wcokund'l rocker at the Hull-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A-Ia‘uU‘Oer’I-h\l-l-I‘c l m r \ ~-u'-'~"

.mr‘

rr.i....v.-....

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

