 
  

    
       
       
       
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

town.“ as... a. . .

Bonawitz:

Accounting Explained

azenrbAa/m at? pyﬁms ccpeﬁpn-
nan? — straw-r, 3a pomAernre HO-
noro paéo'mnxa. A paGO'l‘tlHK-TO
yxe He na aux—Ha ce6n pa-
50Ta'l'b cratt,— oaopno CMeeTCﬂ
Canyrtoaa. -— nporaAa/m Mopo-
scum...

COMCOMOAbIna! n MOAOAexb
lnvaAETapKH» Aaamu a cop
Gopto'rcn 3a npua ee nmenn.

x03. CeKYB‘AH, c6epen<ertnbre Ha
sane/axe HH’I’H, Ha ysrtax, 3a merry
oéopannnatorcrt 'i'y‘i'b an He no-
Jty't'opa qacamn. Ho CKOAbKO,
oxaahtaae-rcx, aaAaneK no-rpyA-
nee an‘JIOAHOCHT xOMn/tex'rl
Otta craaa,nortmvra'ns, tt'ro man-
noe marmoe ymemte—ne a
cxopocm 3:13am ysettxors, a n
TOM, Irroﬁu saunaunarb nx upu-
IOAMAOCB KaK Momuo peme.
Paﬁora'rb Tax 6!:le nurepec-
no: Aymara, cpaannnarb, nc-
mm. C asapTOM, n HOTC'pI‘ICHIlﬂ
mat/ta noaoro Aim. Otta trepna-
Isa aonuoneHne u ymyﬁAt-rtntr
Macrepcraa, a no'roMC'rBettuor‘i
ropAocm npndrcccuct‘i.
3,3.er, n rpnuaAuaTOM sane ——
Tax HaaLtBa/trr TOI‘Aa nex—orta
Ham/ta ctsoe enact-be. more Am-
ryto, OAHy Ha BCIO )KHBHb, MU-
Goab. Banacrua tta Kommetu‘
coceAttut't uomtaerep Barri/tuft
Canyuoa. HOAOAI‘y most/s n
CMOTPEA Hat ee pa60't-y. Ayce
CTaHOBH/tOCb >KapK0, ona cﬁtma-
AaCb c maputpy't‘a n Ayma/ta, KaK
en KaSaAOCb, cepAn'ro: «Llero
emy uaAo?» A ncxope no na-
C'roiittnrsoft npocnﬁe Bach/inst ee
nepeBe/tn it Ready Ha KOMI‘iACK'i‘.
CBaAeGHoe «nyreurec'rnne» y
ttnx Guano Tang: r43 AOMt3 ltd
CMEH'y. A n I‘OPOAC’KOM catty, rs

alt/tee nepermrxon. mice/tn
nop'rpc'rht craxauontten: EBAO~

tutu n Baton/inn Canynonhtx.

CHHa otm Hanna/m IOpoti’t.
anXOAﬂ c pa60'rm, Been/suit ca-
Attltc'ﬁ y KpOBaTKH rt yAVIBAOl‘Juo
paccmawpnpalr MaAellHKOI‘O rnst-
diena Bacmbeana AaCKOIIO'Bflp-
Ira/ta:

-- AaAtto CMO'rpe't'bl Harma-
SCE'JHJCR ettte 3a BClO-Tt)7KIIISIIh...

Otta no nor/ta sharp, ‘t’l‘tJ
cttorpe'rt. Ha Ctha BEICIIAHIO Ca-
uyHony OtZTaBaAOCb TOM-K0 rum,
rte-r. B xopouto artaKoMoii name
us HOAIOGHBLLIQI‘OCH Kttrtodttt/thttta
noc'renemro upuoﬁpe'ra/sn oco-
Gian, pea/thumb craer C'rpoxtt:
«Id eCAﬂ spar Hattry paAOCTh
)KtlnYlO O’I'Hﬂ'l’b :taxone'r a ctvtep-
TCABHOM 60m...»

Oépmattoc’rbl 3AOe 3T0 p.er
gum “fatten. Ocoﬁettrto KUI‘AB

HOCTH. O TOM, mm mm 50Abule
copoxa new npoxursa 3 xaaap-
Me, n TOAhKO Roma JKCHHACK
CHH, ttepcexawa B manoraﬁapwr-
Hyto xnaputpy. O TOM, are no
no: rtop orrrt rm odtotht/ta ce—
6e nepcorraamryro nerrcnto. O (:0
notttefttucﬁ Genot'Kaanoc'ru nor-
ner Ha A1061)“: npocrzﬁm. 0 ma-
'l'cptlltt‘KUM o‘ruoutennu 1x mono-

AaCb EBAOKHH BOPHCOBHa c ma-
net”,ng camom n Gottbrtot‘r't Ma-
'repbro a noAna/tax xaaapM. I‘o—
JtoA malt no 110an Ha ﬁnmtume
oropoAbt, rAe xec'roxnt‘i mopos
copox nepttoro .mAa CKOBaA
3eM/tro a MOHONIT.

Ho yueae/ta mantras HHTO‘I-
xa —- corte'rcxnﬁ, upo/te'rapcxut‘i
xapax'rep. 37a HH’I‘b BHOBb an-
BEAR Aycto n nepnbu‘r me Aer”,
HOCAe ocnoéoJKAettrm KaJtIlHHHa
Ha 'rxattxyro dta6pmsy.

— Haxoartena/m, raAul..——
cxaaazt KaKor'i-To crapttx, FAHM
tta pRSDaAMliH.fj~ Hunero, 6yAeM
)KMTL. BOCCTBHOBHMI

Ill/ta uor‘iHa, HO xaHouaAa
TKatthrx crankon tuna/tact, mt
Mytiblkofi rprtAytttero, ganoenart-
noro Mttpa. Ctrona orronocxmr
C‘iaCTAllmdx c’raxartoant-tx tie-r
HO'ApOXAaAan n rtux otttyutemte
paAOCTH Titopnectsom .1~pyaa.*
BO:tpC))KA3/\0tfh COUMBAHCTH‘IQ-
cxoe copeauorsanrte, u H oprartn-
aattun ero Canyttoua nptuttma/ta

caMoe HCnOCpeACTBClIHOC yua-
c'ruo: Mitome may oua 6mm
59CCMC‘IIIILIM npodirpynoprom
yttacrxa.

B Kontte 'l‘pttAttEi'I‘hDC rvon
oud XOAII/ta, Kax IIHCBAH Toma

a I‘ai‘ttr’t'itx. utttlt‘tl'pilAOBCKHM map-
lltpy't’OM. B Kottttc CnanOBIrlX rt
'l'LfKC'l'lIAt.‘ lltlilllllAf‘H «curtyt-ron-
(‘Ktltln Mdptttpy’l'. Mnttncrepcxtte
('I‘IClUtaAHCTbI, apnea-Atari a Ka-
Altllttll, traczrott ontAtt no "I'll
“O KttMl'lt'it‘K'l')’, illly‘iaﬂ CF: “pitc-
Mbl tr MP'I‘DAH paﬁcrrbr.

metrrrrat‘t prA it utvo'rnopuyto
ttporpcoto'ntyto AeJI'I'EAIsIIOC'l'b
linNiKttn Boptrcotma Canyrtona
Outta yAOL'TOeltr‘J tttmnttﬂ Amrit-
iltl. lltcpo't roA K 13'I'0My ftp/holly

lid (to urnonth Kt)("l‘l(t‘vl(3 Ao-
Gatttr/tcn pyr’tmtouutii (p/tantoK
At-tty't'a't'a licpxormor‘o (‘orto't'o
C(‘CP.

Ha llle‘Mbl tto All‘lltl-IM nort—
pocaM K AOIIY'l'iITy, KaK rtpatm-
M), npthUNtAt'l A!t),’.\,lt, Ktl’t‘OpblM
ynte yclttmt‘t ()TKﬂilti'll-n. Martina);
Attttruax ,Bonpocos ﬁrstao Ana:
mount: it AOTCKHe y‘lpt‘NCAC‘llltﬂ.

,CcerTapeM n nortrntrtnnttr'ft

 

 

by Jay

Henry: Damn it. trty key is stuck. It Won't
opert tltc doors.

Conscience: Perltaps yott have tlte wrong
key. You can't opcrt tltis door with tltc key to
power.

Henry: Well, it's tltc ottly key I ever need-
ed. I'm getting fcd tip. I‘ll have to bontb tltis
door “into tltc stortc age" if sortrcortc doesn't
opett it.

Peter: (iood tltittg these gates are botttb
prool', otherwise ltc would ltave blowtt tltettt
to pieces. Wltat is awful sntcll'! I'll just look
tltrouglr the peep hole to see who it is. Who
are you? Attd wltat do yotr want'!

Henry: I command yott to open tltc gatc
immediately. if rtot soortcr.

Peter: First tell the wlto yott arc.

Henry: As if yott can‘t see for youtscll'.

Peter: All I see is a homely little fat ntatt
dressed irt arrttor.

Henry: Certainly yott rccogtti/c tltc black
fratttcd glasses. tltc distinguisltcd Viennese
accent. attd tltc ittitials SJ). on ttry shield?

Peler: I take it tltcy stattd for sarcastic dint—
wit.

Conscience: He hit it right on the ttosc.
Henry: How droll. Tltcy stattd for State
Department, U._S. State Department.

Peter: You rtnty have bcctt itt tlte State
Department. but you will rtot be received
ltcrc unless you have led a good life.
Henry: You had better cut out the holy
garbage artd let me irt.

Peter: | see tltat you ltavc with you texts of
thousands of Marines arid nottc of thcrtt
looks like he is worthy of etttcring. They also
stttcll frottt booze attd gunpowder. As for
tltose 8-525, they won’t do you arty good.
tltis isn't Cambodia you kttow. You are a
ttasty and arrogattt little tttatt. wlty don't you
go away?

(‘mts‘t'ient'a' Pttt quite well, l think.
Peter: I suppose Satan ltas sent up
sotttetltittg frottt the underworld to mock tttc.
is that it'.’

Henry: $3!!' 7"”!!! 5!”

Peter: What did ltc say?

Cmtsciem-e: I think that he's angry. Hc
ottcc called Nixon that.

Peter: You sccttt to kttow tltc tttatt well.
who are you?

  

(:tlllA't'A‘Ilt't‘.’ l attt tlte conscience ol
“ttttghty” llem‘y.

Peter: A ratltct' cvil conscience, eh?

Conscience: It's ttot my t'attlt, I tried.

Henry: Open the doors or I'll send the

Marines itt to break them down.

,. .. t .
It/t‘l. lou'll strtcly need weapons other
than that to break down these gates.

 

 

 

Henry Exclusus

Cohen . .

Henry: Enouglt. unless you obey, I will
deliver a ClAl plot against you.
uprooted the mightiest of dictators.

Peter: The Lord ttcvcr told its of such
things.

[ten/y: Well you’ll be sorry il' you don't
open the door.

Peter: Maybe you've terrified tillth [\t‘trltlt;
with your non-credible threats, btrt ltclt‘. you
need good deeds to enter the citadcl. \otrt
CIA plot cattttot lttttt tttc.

Henry: | forgot, you're altcady dead.

Peter: Precisely. and yotr arc rto llc'llt'l
than arty other dead rttatt, itt fact, you .‘tlt‘ tttc
tttost despicable creature that has conic llll
way sittcc that pltottcy Pope. .lnlitrs, lt \tul
wattt to gel itt, give tttc a list ol yottt rncttt

Henry: Merits, wltat are they?

I’eler: Yott don‘t cvcrt know \that tncrtt»,
are. Henry?

Henry: Well I've bcctt too bttsy \\ttlt t-..tr .
and covcrups to read about merits.

Peter: l‘ut, tttt. Ilcmy.

Cultsc/encu.‘ Stop it. you're wastittt- \tttlt
tirttc on this tttatt.

Peter: llcttry. did you bring peace to my
world the righteous way'.’

Hen/1v: Nut nty .vtylt'.

ltatc

Peter: Did you treat yotrt lt‘lltt‘\
bureaucrats wcll'!

Henry: Not tttc.

Peter: Well Hertry. I kttow ot' Ittrlltllr.‘

,umnl that yott ltave dottc.

I-Ienty: Though it is degrading for me to
talk to a ttterc beginner, you'll soon knots
wltat kind of Prince you’re insulting. l-rtst tit
all. I possess a great Attstriatt mind. (Hill I
raised myself from the dttst of tire catth to
become Secretary of State. Besides, I out
speak eight languages and I served Nixon. I
did it all.

(‘tnrsr'iettt‘u' Wltat a lying ltattt.

Peter: I can't wait to hear wltat L‘ttlltt
rtcxt.

Henry: I botttbcd the Vietnamese into lllt
"stottc age." I sltowcd them who was boss. I
also showed the Rttssiatts tltat we mean
bttsirtess. Besides. I wiped ottt (‘atttbodia and
Williattt Rogers irt tltc same year. I'd like to
see you do that. Pete-babes.

Peter: What does tltat “Pete-Italics"
mean?
('nns‘cienw: .lttst a sample of his at

rogance.

Peter: I-lxcusc me great warrior, bttt who
are those men over there with the blot-
ttttil'orttts attd the stats on their sltouldcis’.‘

Henry: ()lt, jttst sotttc fricttds. tltc t'.\-.lttlttt
Chiefs of Staff. 'l‘ltcv arc great men lllsl'

 

 

An Open Letter From the Governor

It has recently been brought to my attention that the cuts in aid to SUNY ltavc steadily in-
creased. lit the tradtttonal concertt toward programs. positions. attd financial support that my

office has shown, I have decided upon a program to combat the problem. My program will
guarantee a job for arty rttttrt or wontart. no matter how tttttclt they have contributed It; my ra-
elcctton campaign. but of course the more you give. the better quality of the job you receive
for instance, a donation of as little as $I000 will guarantee yott the position of u Sattit'ttiof
Comptroller. This high-paying position involves tltc sale of ttll of the city‘s waste products It)
the fast-food chains located throughout the greater Albany area. A fringe benefit is tlltllllltc
comptroller gets first choice on all cdiblcs that cotttc under his jurisdiction. Donations to my
rc-clectton committee may be made itt nightly installments. Attd students, I urge you to start
savtng that extra cash you manage to collect front titrte to time so that you will litth ac.

cumuluth SltXX) by graduation for the endowment futtd. By tltc way, I never said any oftltis.

 

 

 

Anderson’s It

To the Editor:

ltt tltcsc titties of economic attd political
uncertainty, our ttaliort needs a leader — a-
trttc leader —- that the people cart look to. So—
ntconc who couldrcach evcryottc attd create
harmony from this confusion. Our cotttttry is
lit sore need of StlttlL'ttllL‘ who catt l'ad us.
front these troubled titncs attd ltcal ottr
generation. Someone who catt make peace
wrtltottl war. Someone articulate.

We ttced a leader wlto cart direct tttatt ittto
fttlftllittg his trtte destiny —- as tltc ascettdtutts
to a better world. Wltilc rttodertt tttatt has
moved arid continues to deviate frortt the
simple artd pttrc to the complex ttrtd tangled
society needs a tttatt who cart reverse this no:
cess, attd tttovc the rttnrty to the One.  I‘ll’lll
who catt unlock the true Self within us all aittl
‘attsc us to unite against evil.

Sound like a ltttrd position to fill? Well
there is such a utatt. Anderson. With Antler:
son as ottr guide. this ttatiott could be tattgltt
to overcome this frivolous external world fill
rd wttlt little. jealousy, ttttd fear and ittstc'tl
live ttttttcd under love, peace. attd song. A
(“:(trlfl'h get it up! [Elect a trratt wlto can save

tee ttttt stt ' ‘
FOR PRESIDHN :tlpott IAN ANDLRSON

—~ Dawn Ossehuautt
) I ‘ Member,
I I V V I ersott l‘or Ian Anderson

 

Trick ’5 “a é
y 1 |
To llll‘ litlitur:

Having read issue after issttc ol' the
li'xlS/"s coverage of the S.A. l'.lt‘cttttlt
Cover-up. | feel compelled to respond. lllt'
ll’xlSP coverage ltas been cotttplctcly
overblown. So what if fiftccit ballots “L‘IL'
switched! There have bcctt bigger political
c 'ups irt history, and did tltc ll'.-l.s‘/’
cover them‘.’ No. licsidcs, look at who tltt'
students ltad ttr cltoosc frottt: two sltort ititls.
What tltc ‘cottspit'ators' slrotrld ltavc done
was pttt itt ballots fora rttorc tttascttlittc canr
didate, someone like Mark (the obvious
choice) liorkowski. Now there's presidential
material. Mark is the only politician irt this
whole mess wlto sltowcd responsibility and
concern for the Association. llis resignations
lrottt tltc litttlgct (‘ommittee and from t t'tt'
ttal Council have helped S.A. motc than run
other actiotts he cottld have taken. I hatc it
lot of respect for a politician who has the
courage to resign, especially when that ptiltlf
cran has tlottc nothing wrong.

 Richard M. Nixon
lattsl (t3ttl Stir-ct
New York. Ncw \‘oilt

   

llttlnlt's'. Dick. You‘ve got our vote/or Sgt
I”"‘-f"fll"tl. After all, you're one 14/ Inc on/t'
politic/um left who were not involved. «111/.

 

  

,.-~,_

   

 

 

myself.

Peter: I don't doubt it.

Henry: Tltcy are just like me. they deserve
to go rigltt to heaven.

Peter: Oh, now I understand. They were
the pests who annoyed me before yott came
up. They also threatened to bomb the.

Henry: I take it you didn’t let tltcrtt in?

Peter: I? These doors aren‘t open to their
bribing, crooking. secret dealing souls. What
does this look like. the Pentagon? This is
heaven. remember. Tire Almighty doesn't
allow arty corruption.

Henry: Listett, pal. I‘m really iii a hurry.
Will you let rue in?

Peter: Pray lcll rttc. why arc yott dressed irt
armor?

Henry: Because I artt a great warrior so to
speak, I figured it would be rttorc appropriate
to be itt armor. rather than iii a business sttit.
It‘s (illL‘Cl artnor, 50.000 bttcks.

Peter: l-lartlly ttppropriatc for llcavcrt.
Ilcrtry, bttt for wltcrc you’re goirtg, I guess it
will suffice.

Ht'nljv: Wcll. actttally I did do a little
lighting to get ittto tltc State Department,
destroyed everything that stood itt my way.

Peter: Is this a common practice of your
kind’!

Henry: Only the rttore successful.

Peter: And who did yott serve, Henry“!

Henry: The Great Ottc, Richard Nixon. lie
was tltc master of dcceptiott. the genius of
secrecy, arid the man of many tapes.

Peter: Oh yes. the Prirtcc of Darkness.

Henry: Yott kttcw ltim'l

Peter: Surc. He came by this way a while
back, never made it itt.

Henry: You mean (pointing his finger
dtwvttvard)?

Peter: But ltc said he had a popular
government that was elected by the people.

Henry; No comment.

Peter: Henry. you really are an evil war-
rior. You tttadc a tttockcry of international
law. yott disobcycd tltc Lord.

Henry: I jttst knew today was ttot going to
be my lucky day. i just wislt that tltosc damn
investigative reporters ltad never blowtt tltc
.stttt'y opctt.

Peter: At last. a sign of tltc derttocratic
wtty. They did it to protect society.

('uttst'it'nt‘t'.’ They did it for tltcit owrt
selfish itttcicsts.

Henry: listen Peter. | ha\ctt‘t all day, l
wattt to go in. So will you open tltc gatcs‘!

Pclct': to anyone else sooner than to
yourself. Yott don't tlcscrtc the gift of (iod.
Do yott want some good atbicc. llcttty‘!
Take your Mtttittcs witlt you and your li-53s.
attd go bttiltl youtsclt a new l’atadisc, bttt
fortify it well to keep out the ctil tletttotts.

Ilcttrv: I‘ll do what is good for tttc. I'll wait
a couple of months attd bttild up my forces,
tltctt I‘ll come back and blow you away.
ttttlcss. ot course. yott surrender bcfote tltctt.
l have no doubt that millions of tttctt will be
butchered soott itt atrotltct big war. nttd then
they'll joitt rtrc.

Peter: Oh. what a pitiftrl sight. Colts-
cicrtce, cotttc t)\L‘t here. I‘d tatlrct talk to you
than to that dtcadlttl little man. Arc there
really otltets like ltim‘.’

(‘tnIs‘t'ient'th' l‘ltc whole political world is
fttll of tltc likes of ttittt. l‘hcy atc all at the
ltclttt ol' power.

I’t'lr't': Why do tltcy obey this filth, because
of his title?

(‘tntvt‘rt'ttct'.' l:\actly so. Well. l have to go

 

 

now, my master is calling utc. Farewell.

 

 

 

rive-l]

  

 


.(I  [99’s

A topic of qttite fascinating concern was brought up at a recent editorial meeting
of the WASP. This subject was tttottey.

As most people realize, the greater the quantity of advertisements we encounter.
the more we are able to ittcreasc the number of inspiring literary creations we print.
The majority of our readers could increase their entire educational and intellectual
knowledge by three or four times by reading tnore of the lovely scriptual pieces that
ottr newspaper is world-famous for. Such pieces have included, in the past. these
beautiful features: “How the Weed Could Cltattgc Your Life," “Rock‘s Choice of
tltc Top 100 Aspects." “The Psyclt Department Cloned Little Children." “Why
One Man Survived to the Age of 44 Without a Heart Attack." and ofcoursc “Don
Quixote itt Modern Days."

The great majority of newspapers, irtclttdittg tltc WASP. use a thoughtless and
ridiculous formula to detcr'tttittc the size. nttmber of pages, and stttpidity of a given
issue eaclt Tuesday attd Friday. We maintain, to the best of ottr ability, 3 ratio of
advertising space to news space that will give us the greatest cltance of being able to
pay our tclcpltottc bill caclt tttotttlt.

In consequence, the gr 'atcr atttottttt of advertising tttatcrial that we receive, the
greater is lit ' atttottrtt that we ltavc ttt spend on our drttgs to keep its going upltcrc.

lior th' advertiser, we must of course adtttit that his/her primary concern is to
cottvcy a particular rttcssagc to otrr reader's. But, by placittg an ad lit the WASP, tltc
advct'tisct' also allows us to rip ltittt off.

For exatttplc, we receive a large tttttttbcr of “Letters to tltc
ottly dcccttt copy we ltavc. we tttttst cram tltc ads in s'mallct areas. This upholds ottr
atttottttt of dough l'or the chirp-

liditor." Since it‘s the

tltcot'y of efficiency becattsc it gives us the ttttr st
licst amount of area.

The pttt'c ccottotttics ittvolvcd substantiates ottr firm belief that wltat we print is
our busiucss and lint evcrt ottr advct‘tiscrs' opinions cottttt.

After all. it's ottt' newspaper.

FIlt‘lllL‘l'lllttl'L‘. we are pleased to write this editorial because it takes up enough
space to eliminate that stupid pcrfutttcd lcttct' that SA had tltc nerve to send us last

 

 

Peter: Yes, most unfortunate, bttt only tltc
good get itt. Hcrtry. tell in ' about your world-
ly possessions.

Henry: I had a yacltt. a Rollisoycc. two
houses. four servants. oh yes. there was my
wife.

Peter: My Lord. is this contmott'.’

Henry: Only for tltc ortcs who cltcat lite
poor ottt ol' tltcir lartd attd money. All tlte
b'lltlIl-Ntllitttlill Corporations do it.

Peter: I thought there were still sortie good
people dowrt tltcrc. What ever happened to
tire people who tried to itttitatc (iod'!

Ht'nrv: That's passe. Now everyone wants
to itttitatc the President. llc's tltc guy who
can really get away with mmdct.

Peter: Yott it] “till Iitct'ally‘!

Henry: I sttpposc ltc could. All ltc wottlt
ltavc to do is find sortie jerk to succeed hint
arid tltcrt get a pardort.

Peter: ‘l‘cll tttc. llcttty. l rtth a rttatt a while
back who said he knew you. llc was (‘hilcat

. .what was his ttatttc. . .olt, ycs. Allcttdc.
He looked like ltc got shot rrp pretty badly.

Henry: Oh, hint. Yeah. we bumped ltittt
off. He set tip a ('ommic regime ort ottr tttrf.
the nerve of him.

 

Yawu

To the lidltor:

It would seem to tire cotttrttott English-
‘cading individual. that tltc literary forces
you consistently irtsist ttpott publishing arc
tttttclt too ttrttbiguous. wordy, rcdttndattt.
lcsctiptivc, plcottastic, repetitive, long-
wmttcd. lengthy. and windy.

l:tll'lllt't'llltifL'. it's utterly abstrrd tltc way
you corttirtttc to prittt cvcry blasted letter that
sortie sclttrtttck writes just to see hint prirttcd
for lltc first time.

Artltttr It. (‘tack
.lottas Ii. Wall
()uirttt K. l‘\‘tttts
l.attra l.lioard
Dr. Louis Sttlk
Quincy Ncssig

 

 

i Letters to thc litlitor should be typewrit-
tctt. double spaced on one side of the page

 

only with length confined to 400 words at a

 

Anon Sucks

To the lidltur:

You're so vain, you probably tltittk this let-

Icr's about yott. Don't you? Don't yott'!
A

Mobile Green

To the Editor:

l'd like to cotttplaitt abottt the SUNYA
buses. Everyone complains that tltcy arc
ulway late. but I dott't care. They say tltc
buses are slow. and you have to give me art
extra hour ttr get to scltool on little iii the
morning. btit I don't care. They say the buses
will pass yott by on u rainy day attd their
Splash a pttddlc on yott as the driver goes by
lttlltthittg. bttt again, 1 don't really care. Yott
know wlty I don't cttt'c'.’ Itcctttise I have my
own cttl'. But wltttt I do care abottt, attd what
affects me. is the god-damn putrid green col-
or. I can't stattd it any longer. I'd rather bt'
lurked tlrurt look at urtotlict‘ green bus.

Sincerely.
Attott t'otnplaittct’

llOll

maximum, and men less than tltat. come to
tltittk of it. They should be parttgrttphcd up-
propritttcly with art indent on -ach of 5
spaces. lililc type only plcust‘. Letters must
also have it title page utttl make use of proper
footnotes tllltl bibliography when necessary.

Letters wlticlt. ill the opinion of the chief

ASP. are considered libelous or ill poor taste.
will only be published if we find tltettt amus-
ltt WASP interests. or if we ttre

lug. strange.
trpy for lllt' etlltorlttl

pttrticulttrly .short of c
pages.

All letters must he signed by the wrllcr for
prthli 'atitttt, brtt the address. which must also
be gitctt. may be witlthc
so desired by lllt‘ writer. I
u request. the address will only llt' .
il' tsc l'ltttl your opittlott particularly stupid
ttttd wttttt to embarrass you. In most cases,
preference ltt choice ol' letters for publication
will be given to those jcrlts with it particularly
vociferous following. Anonymous letters will
not be published. bttt feel free to sign it letter
with .sotttconc t-lstt‘s lltllllt' it' you wish (Ck.
Lee Sitttetttttarlt). The editorial pages go to
press on Monday tttttl 'l'hurstltty evenings so
letters must he received no ltttcr llttttt Monday
or 'l‘hursthty evening, unless yotr wttttt to btty
space and run them its tttlwrtlscntettts thee

tt tltc event of such
published

ltl l'rorn publication If

wcck.
Attd tto. wc ‘dt'L‘ ttot connected iii any way to tltc Student Associatiott. The WASP
is a very free and independent corporation and we wish that they would stop bothch

'r'r/li" A

llich Be Hard. l'tltlor >t.s tilur I
The ﬂun's Levy. Rob GIutlonJi’e'rt' Mttttttgpnn

ittg trs.

 

 

E) at

Deteriorating in 1980

. Mtclto't- llt‘ril"
Laura Martini. Sulvru Sandpaper

Stuart Mt'sltttgtnalsit), Lilo (YBrrnr
Sumnttt- (icrbtl

. . . PrtttlSport-
Boblttrtlurv

. Steve Rolls ‘cttt

. . . . Aron Stout

Noose Editor

Associate Loose Editors
WASPecta Edllors .

Associate. WASPecIu Editor
Schwartz Editor

Associate Snorts Editor
DrivelPt-gcs Editor

Coping Editor . . r , ‘ I
Plagiarizers: l’.tt lirnntt). thought 1 Hntott. llnlrv l)I.ttrtotttl'.’, Mtltt- l‘lt't'tl. MtllllL‘t’ll (reorgcotts. l.t

(intulbou, l..rtttt ('oort. Amy: Hold“, Douglas t'otut, llt'blrlc Ktittl. Rtt'lt t‘tttss. Sits-tit Mottlltttgrmt

Kathi: l’lt'ust'tttt'. .lt'll Shut-ill. lit-tlt tst'xut'r, Mtlu- l’t rttcrt lttb Zodiac Killers and Prevens: Cur ti

Vollsswtnpnt. .lttitrtc lllltllt‘llt’tl

Debbie Cough. l lllflt'l/lt'llll'lll nrttt lfxltnltrttt
Advertising Manager '1‘ raw
Larceny Accountant
Assistant Thlel
Compost Manager

. . . . l)tttt'tsttutttlortlttt Applcbuum
. . lit'tut Brown. Mnlum ltdspy
. . . . . . . . Flatt (.‘tnrvglucltett

Sales: litttlt Cltrontosorne, thlr Selling-some Class"ch Secret-z Itobitt ltetlbrt-ast Compont
Pile: Milo' Btttgt'rlotttj. Mtnit- lilrtttro. llttttlt'r. Tilit‘lt! Pervert Production Manager: Sue
MultattstrryotttsAdverlislnn Production: litlttb liotltcrsomc. Marie Atmc Cavalry. Tammy
(ii-tgt'rcotrtttt-r. .loy (ioltltltuiti, l’t-tmy 'l'rtlo'sgpt-onstatnps. Ruth Mnlbbdl’. Mlltc Wendy's. .loy
l’rt'lt-rs Stove Robins Oﬂlcial Stu": littbblv Stevens. Steve Robins.

E. Coll. Vincent I. Yellow. Production Managers
Illicit Bucks. Lion Banjo-tr, Joy Free Guyll. Assorr'utr' I’Iodtrcttou Mrurglrrs

. Dave Wltutautau
. Mtttilvrt Mtttuot-

Vertical Cumetmtwltat the hell it. that?) .
I'm Pissed Extraordlnnlrc . . .

shut, Milllt' 'l'ltrtt's lltllldllt). Tvplola: litlat'llldty l‘mtnri. Mtlfll'
l-irnlobc, Debbie Clnllyt. Ztttt Stalled. l..tmtt' Fillll‘lS 100
.tlnlt‘lttljl, Arnold 'l'lttttl liclclt Chauffeur:

Plasterers: Sioux li., lit-.trt “t'lr‘lll‘t
(ltllhﬂltllltltilltl, Septtltttbt-t Mtntt. l)i'l|lllt'
Proof: lt't- (Ttotnn (‘oltt-n. Sitt- l.u><tnnbotntt. ltobitt l

'l'otn Saltva

byt lhtittt'tstlp l’ltttto St'toit't'

liob l.l‘|llt|lll. Alan Mttll'em, Karl (‘lt.tt. Steve lissettce,
lltprsltt-ybat, lint/o Mach ()Ilt', Steve Norther. t‘atolytt

Tony Tait-t. Will‘s Yonttttatt

ltilt' (tlllt'l till, tt'.s our paper) by it lttntt‘lt til people who

think they ltlltlllt hour to rtm o rtt-tttspnpr'r. This is u tttrt~ltn~proltt corporation Illa!) lirlitottols are

eaten by the lfdtlur-is (.‘hit'. tttlttt is constantly being: ll'l‘lt'll't'tl lit' the mlilotrol lltn‘t’ti ()tn tlﬂlt't”

phone is ustntlltt of] the hook (its ll’t' M'Itltllll (no). More often than not you'll lmtl us simply! llotttmu

around the podium or osrttpmg reality ttl 825 Mtvrtlu Arit'rttte.

I’Itumuraphy. overexposed 'tttttt‘lpttlly
Photographers: lionmtt- l.errst'.tpoll.
Mtltt' l“|ltl|IW, Mrttlt llrtlt'v's (Torttt't. Mart
(Totallottdrlt. Eitttm ()tltttt't. Sue 'l'ttilotttttult'.
What A .‘s‘tttpltll’opct is published our t- m it ltt

 

 

 

 

 

 

l-idltorlttll.

 

.t..t

 

