‘1‘...

~.........s., .  r

 k~t—:.:. a ._..._.-;_<

 

" “MR”- Ctrisutes' 

 

 



STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) A Soviet underground ex-
plosion —-'- presumed to be a nuclear test — in central
Siberia was registered at Sweden's Hagfors observatory
November 1, the observatory said. today. The seismic
signals corresponded to a magnitude of 4.7 on the
Richter scale, and were similar 10 those which could be
expected from a weak explosion in hard 'rock, the obser-
vatory said. in September 1979, the obserftatory record-
ed an expl siort with magnitude 4.6 in the same area.
The Richt scale is a measure of ground motion as
recorded on selsmographs.

 

Dudeau Strip Questioned

New Haven, Conn. (AP) Cartoonist Garry Trudeau,
normally a bit of a recluse, found himself being ques-
tioned about a controversial episode in his
"Doonesbury" comic strip when he appeared in court
here. Trudeau was called Monday to Superior Court to
testify in the case of a Hamden man accused of possess-
ing 20 original “Doonesbury” strips allegedly stolen
from the cartoonist. Defense attorney Charles Hanken
asked Trudeau if he considered hemself “more as an ar-
tist or a political idea man." “1 would think of ntyselfas
a comic strip artist,'.' replied the Pulitzer Prize winner.
“Would a IO-ycar-old enjoy your strip?” the Bridgeport
lawyer asked.“Many do," Trudeau said. Hanken turn-
ed to the series, in recent installments of which a televi-
sion reporter takes a tour through Reagan’s brain.
“Last week you had a strip about the diminution of
brain cells of Ronald Reagan. Did you write that assum-
ing that 10-year-olds would appreciate it?" Hnnkcn ask-
ed. “1 would not speculate," the cartoonist answered.
Several newspapers which carry “Doonesbury” declined
to run the Reagan series on their comics pages. Trudeau
was testifying in the trial of James Conti, who was
charged with possession of stolen property.

F N YS Tests Reinstated

Beginning in December, New York State students will
be able to take six of the 20 Graduate Record Examina-
tions‘ Advanced Tests that were withdrawn last summer
because of the disclosure effects of recent amendments
to the New York law regulating standardized tests.

The amendments require the subject<matter tests to be
made public periodically.

The tests reintroduced into the state are: Biology,
Chemistry, Education, Engineering, Literature in
English, and Psychology. All six tests traditionally are
taken by relatively large munbcrs of candidates. ‘

The Graduate Record Examinations Board, which of-
fcrs the program, said the remaining 14 Advanced Tests,
which draw fewer candidates, will continue to be
suspended in New York State for economic and
technical rcasons.

Scores from the tcsts are ust as part of the admis—
sions requirements for many of the nation's graduate
schools.

Dept. Receptions Planned

You can get answers to some of those questions (and
probably get 11 little toasted. as well) at these departmen-
tal receptions being held for freshman and
undergraduates:

Chemistry Department

Friday, November 7 —-— CH 151 —- 3 p.m.
Economics and Omicron Delta Epsilon

Monday, November 12 — BA 323 — 2-5 pm.
Geology Department

Wednesday, November 12 -— ES 215 — 4 p.m.
College of Continuing Studies '

Monday. November 17 -— DR 117 -— 5-7 p.m.
30"00’ of Library and Informal/on Scl.
Lwednc-‘Sd‘ih November 19 —7 DR 146 -— 1-3 p.m.

 

 

Vacavllle, Calif. (AP) The state Board of Prison'

, Terms has denied parole to mass killer Charles Manson,

saying he presents “an unreasonable risk of danger to
society if i'eleased." Manson, 46, agreed he was a threat.
"I’m dangerous, we've already established that m the
ﬁrst hearing in 1978," Manson said. Manson, Who is
serving a life sentence, was present for the 2 1/2 hour
hearing Tuesday at Vacaville medical facility, a state
prison 45 milks east of San Fransisco. Last year he refus-
ed to attend the hearing and sent the parole board pieces

of a Monopoly game.

 

NEW YORK, N.Y. (AP) New York City declared a
“drought warning" today — the second step of a three-
phase drought contingency plan — as the city‘s water
supply dipped to 42.9 percent of capacity. “it‘s time for
water conservation to be part of daily family life," said
Francis X. McArdle. City Commissioner of En-
vironmental Protection. He warned that there may be a
serious water shortage in the months ahead. A drought
warning basically means the city .is initiating a massive
publicity campaign to encourage voluntary water con-
scrvation. However, last week environmental protection
officials said if the curi'ent dry spell continues into next
year, an emergency involving mandatory water rationing
could be declared by March. ' r

 

    

Carter Still Responsible

LOS ANGELES, Ca. (AP) President-elect Ronald
Reagan said Thursday he will do all he can do help gain
the release of the 52 American hostages in lran, but “we
are not going to intrude" on the negotiations during the
final months of President Carter's administration.
"Foreign leaders must be aware that the president is still
the president," Reagan told a news conference in Los
Angelcs. Reagan named William Casey. his campaign
manager, to oversee the transition to a new Republican
administration, and Edwin Mecsc, his campaign chief of
staff, to fill the same role in transition operations.

 

 

CAMpus Bniefs,

Fighting the Moral Majority

cht Friday night students will rally against the in-
surgent "moral majority" by demonstrating outside the
Palace Theatre in downloWn Albany.

An organized meeting for the rally will be Monday at
7:30 p.m. in the Campus Center Assembly Hall. All
students are invited to attend. The Reagan supported
“moral majority" is pro-morality, pro-family, pro-life,
anti-choice, anti-gay and anti-scmetic.

The demonstration is sponsored by the Gay and Les-
bian Alliance, joined by SA, .lSC, Feminist Alliance and
thc AlbanyPcace Project.

Fair Thee Well

Ottcc again, the clock will be turned brick at the
Cathedral of All Saints in Albany for the Fourth Annual
Medieval Fair on Saturday, November ti.

Dcckcd with banners, the gothic nave will be cleared
of chairs and crowded with goals, lambs, pigs, artists
and artisans, and vendors of food offering cltickcn,
sausages, quichc, chccscs, winc, frttit, breads, honey
and fudge. From 10:00 run. to 5:00 p.m. men, wontcn,
and children dressed in tights, tunics, and ﬂowing gowns
can browse among medieval crafts while being entertain-
ed by jugglcrs, mimcrs, puppctecrs and magicians. St.
Albans Chapel will be transformed into a music
chamber for tire dulcet sounds of medieval instruments
and voices. Concluding the day at 5:30 p.m. n Solemn
Vespers’ according to the Rite of Srtrtrrn will be
celebrated with the liturgy sung by a Choir of Men
directed by William Carragan. Admission to the Fair is
free for children, $1.00 for adults.

This year, our festivities will close with a presentation
of The Play of/irlrnn at 7:30 p.m., sponsored by the
Medieva1~Renaissunce Program of SUNYA followed by
a reception for audience and participants in the candle-

lit crypt of the Cathedral. Cost of the play and reception '

is $5.00 per person, and only 200 reservations will be ac-
cepted. Mall reservations to The Medieval Fair,
Cathedral of All Saints. 62 S. Swan. Albany, tel.
465-1342. ‘

t

'Mee'se'had said Wednesday'that Reagan and Caner
would work in cooperation for release of the hostages,

' Reagan did not indicate there is any arrangement for

such a joint effort, although he said he’d help where
possible. “Like everyone else, we want the hostages in
be returned," he said. Btit- he said everyone must
understand that Carter is in charge until January 20,
when the new administration will‘take power. Carter,
talking about the hostage situation Wednesday, had also
carefully pointed out that he will be president for
another two and one-half months. Reagan gave much
the same answer when asked whether he planned to
communicate with the Soviet Union during the transi-
tion period. “No, 1 don’t.” Reagan said. He said he
would not do anything that might indicate the nation is
not uniﬁed or that “we are trying to speak with a dif.
ferent voice" while the Carter administration remains in

power.

Ir 'thl Honor U.S. De, Hts

BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) lran’s central bank director
says his nation will honor its financial obligations and
repay between $1 billion and $2 billion in loans from the

, United States and other Western nations. He also said

the United States oweslran as much as $2.5 billion. HL'
said there were unpaid oil debts and apparently referred
as well to unfulfilled contracts for military equipment.
All Reza Nobari, a 32-year-old U.S.-educated
economist, told the Associated Press in a telephone in-
terview late Wednesday night that escrow account»
could be set up in a neutral countrv such as Algeria so
both iran and the United States could be assured of scl-
tling claims. Nobari‘s statements terc seen as a positlvc
.ign that the tangle of claims and counter-claims
resulting from a U.S. freeze on lranian assets could be
resolved. iron is demanding a lifting of the freeze irnptw
ed by President Carter in November 1979, in the wake of
the seizure of the U.S. Embassy itt Tehran as one of four
conditions for releasing the 52 American hostages. “Wc
would meet all our legitimate obligations," said Nobttri,
who was reached at his office in Tehran from Beirut.
“We have always declared that. We have always said \\‘C
pay our debts." Nobari estimated lran had outstanding
loans amounting to $800 million in the United States
and an additional $1 billion or so irt loans from Europe
and .lapan.

Toxic Talk to be Held 1

Workshop No. 3 in NYPlRG's conlirrrring “Free
University" program prototype is a discussion of toxics
with staff scientist Walter Hang.

Author of the infamous study of Long Island wrrtcr
problems, Hang will discuss the nature of toxic warm,
and tire progress which has been made.

The workshop is Monday at 8:00 p.m. in Campus
Center 382.

Go International

Saturday is international Night downtown, as
tnernbcrs of Fucrza Latina, ASUBA, anti the African
Students Association join students frorn around lltc
world at Page Hall. The event begins at 8:00 anti will
feature an international smorgasbord of singing, danc
ing, and fashion.

A party with a real international smorgasboard will
follow at Brubztclrcr Hall. invitations have been issued

‘ to Senator Sam Stratton, Mayor Corning, President
O‘Lcary, Chancellor Wharton. and just you and Inc, of
course. Tickets are $1.50 with tax card and $2.00
without, and the can be picked u

Medieval lt‘alr Performers
Jugglers. mlmem, and mag/clans.

I
Photo: 1le

 

. .__..v.\.—__ A. ._’ 1.791s.

 

 

 

November 7, 1980 I

Professors Comment on Election

by Amy Kantor

The longest, most expensive
presidential campaign in United
States election history is ﬁnally
over, but voter’s reactions and opi-
nions regarding the victory of
Republican Ronald Reagan will
echo way beyond this controversial
November.

A News Fearune

 

__________

At SUNYA, the political mood
shows no immediate signs‘ of sub-
siding. in an attempt to draw some
objective conclusions about the
result of the election, the ASP call-
ed on a faculty cross-section, only
to receive some varied subjective
responses. The attitude all-around
was one of dissatisfaction, but we'll
let those professors speak for
themselves.

For Bernard K. Johnpoll of the
Political Science Department the
vote for Reagan was a vote against

 

Carter. “i thought Reagan would
win, but never did 1 think he would ‘

,carry more than 40 states." He

reﬂected on what he .called a
“disasterous” presidency of Jimmy
Carter, who he feels was out
for personal gain during his term in
ofﬁce. He said that Carter had lili-
ed the White House with im-

, ‘ ' “l’m notaReaganitc.
but he has some good prospective
foreign affairs advisors lined
up...it's the domestic issues on
which he is weak."

Johnpoll found Carter “terrible
in the debates." He referred to
Carter as being “vicious .against
Kennedy during the campaign,"
and taking the rose garden ap-
proaclt -to campaigning, “the ‘1
can’t go otrt and campaign' carn-
paign."

For Political Science Department
professor Bruce L. Miroff. the
question that remained was whether
or not the election represented a
final shift to the political right.

i.
'.
'l
r
\

 

Photo: Alan ('nlrtn

Repair work is underway on Indian Quad's Mohawk tower. Con-
tractors an: expected to complete 110 percent of the leakage damage
which has plagued the building for eight years.

 

Albany Student Press

Mirof f sees the Reagan win as being.-
a reaction to Carter against recent
events. “Reagan now faces the
same social and economic problems
as Carter did four years ago," he
said, “but Reagan seems to have
more of an ability to sustain
popularity." Reagan, he said, starts
with enthusiastic followers. Carter
finishes with a lack of enthusiastic
followers. He agreed that Carter
was a hapless victim of events, but
added that “he was not a strong
leader." Miroff would not tell who
he voted for Tuesday, “but i didn‘t
vote for Reagan or Carter," he
said.

Political Science Department
Professor Alvin Magid commented
in depth on the Republican
triumph. “About a week ago 1 got
the feeling that Reagan would win.
Though the victory was predictable,
l was overwhelmed by the
statistics.” He described the latter
part of Carter's presidency as a pro-
cess of self-vindication, for things
he couldn't control in Iran, and the
state of the economy, evidence of
“the absence of leadership," he
said.

Magid analyzed the election
figures in detail, “A lot of thc votes
were dircctcd against Cill‘lL‘l‘ pcr-

   
 

I

Political Science Professor Bernard Johnpoll

, ,VPage Three

’7 m.‘

   

 

_.,‘-II-'i«it
Photo: Mllte Candle

".4 vote for Reagan was a vote against Carter. "

sonully,” Magid said.

He estimated that more than 70
percent of America disliked Carter.
"As much as 25 percent of the Ken-
nedy supporters voted along the
democratic party lines holding their
noses,“ Magid addcd.

Regarding the upcoming four
years with Rcagan as 40th Presi-
dent, Magid said: "the world will
survive. Tltcrc will be no changes,
though not necessarily because of
Reagan.“

Magid attached critical impor-

tance to the new complexion of
republican Senate leadership regar-
ding public policy, and expects
many new conservative views.
Magid would not reveal which
candidate he voted for, but stated,
“it was not Ronald Reagan. That
man deeply offends me." '
Professor Helen Horowitz com-
mented on the economic issue. “We
are currently experiencing dif-
ficulties that neither candidate
would have solved."
tcontinucrl on page thirteen

CSR Library May Restrict Access

by Patricia llrunley
The College of Saint Rose (CSR),
located in the downtown campus
area, has postponed liruitittg the usc
of the library by people not ttl'-'
'filiatcd witlt (‘SR until Dcccmhcr l,
1980, according to CSR Library.
Director Audrey Graham.
Originally. lhc plan was to go in-
to effect on Nov. 3, 1980. “The
library was to be nmdc available on-
ly to CSR students posscssing \‘illltl
11) cards between the hours of 6
p.m. anti 9:30 p.m. from Sunday to
Wednesday," said Graham.
Graham said, “After discussing
the situation at an Octobcr 8
meeting with several members of
the SUNYA administration it was
decided to postpone the limitation
plan to allow time to improve and
expand study facilities on Dutch
Quad. Those who attended the
tnccting incltttlc Dean of Student
Affairs Neil Brown, Vice President
for Academic Affairs llclcn
DcsFosscs. Alumni Quad Coor-
dinator Liz Radko and SUNYA
Library Director Joseph Nitcck.
“it has bccn ottr policy in the
past to allow all students from tltc
Various colleges in the area to use
tltc CSR library. We are not im-

Albany Nursing Students Protest

by llrucc Levy

The students at the Albany
Medical Center School of Nursing
havc protested what theyfecl are
unreasonable living and working
conditions, as stated in the October
6 issue of TIIL' Knickcrlmclt'cr News.

Among the complaints cited by
the students are midnight curfews,
room inspections, drcss codes, and
confinement to the dorms for a

wcek if caught with a member of ‘

the opposite sex in tltcir rooms.
The nursing students also com»
plain that they are expected to per-
fornt trutny of the same duties as
registered nurses at the affiliated
Albany Medical (‘entcr Hospital.
The studcnts claim they are
"responsible for the lives of pu-

ticnts, but when in the dorms . . .
are not considered responsible at
all."

Students asked to remain
anonymous for fear of pcnaliztttion
for their statements.

Although School of Nursing
Director Mttric 'l‘rcutlcr has been
unavailable for comment in recent
weeks, shc toltl Tltc Knic/rcrlmclt'ur
News that the studcnls' complaints
were invalid. "The students were
aware of the restrictions before they
came to school," she said, “and
thcy cart move off campus if they
choose."

The students, however, said this
suggestion to move off campus is
impractical because they arc givcn

frcc room and board in exchange
for their work as student nurses.

Other complaints issued by the
students concerned graduating in
August and working on Christmas
Day. The late graduation dutc
forces students to wait until the
following February to take the stale
nursing exam. Students say they are
afraid that after the five month
waiting period, they will forget
sortie technical information, score
lower on the exam, and be forced to
ttcccpt lowcr paving jobs.

The students nlso said they curt-
not afford to transfer. Wirilc they
now spend $2500 per year for lltrcc
years, four~ycttr schools might cost
up to $20,000.

plcmcnting this plan to keep ccrtuin
students out, but it has become
ncccssrtry to litnit tltc use of the
library. Tltc library has bccotnc
overcrowded, and otrr students
have not bccrt able to find spucc,"
Graham said.

According to Graham, the pro-
blem became apparent in Sept.
1980. Sltrtlics conducted found that
in thc rnorttlt of Sept. 1980, 54 per-
cent of the students who used the
library were not frorn CSR. lly thc
first week in October, the percen-
tage lntd increased to ()7 percent.

Alumni Quad Coordinator, Liz

 

 

 

 

 

Rttdkn, said she will be meeting
with Brown “to discuss the situa—
tion and possible alternatives."

New Law Concerns »
Financial Aid Experts

Washington (AP) chcral collcgc
financial aid experts are worried
that a new fcdcral law could boost
student subsidies for the wealthy at
the cxpcnsc of the poor and the
middle class.

The experts also fcar the new law
will aggravate a tendency in the
federal aid programs ‘to penalize
frugal parents who save for lltcir
children‘s education while rcwar~
ding spcndthrifts.

The Education Amendment of
1980, which President Carter signcd
into law Oct. 3, extended federal

 

6.AI-.'..I r... -~l4|l- u'
.- u- - - .an--~.wn-‘-~--N—~,n.-—.._u.-...._....-._

grunt, loan, work—study and other
programs for five years and made
clrangcs in the aid formulas.

One of the most significant
changes was elimination of the need
for families to report equity in their
home as part of their assets. The
new law disregards borne equity.

A computer analysis by the Col—
lege Board‘s College Scholarship
Service indicates that families with
incomes of $15,000 to $18,000
could be expected to pay $414 more
of their children‘s college bills.
They now are expected to pay $182
a year. But those making $33,000 to
$36,000 might save 5304. Their con-
tribution would be $2,394.

in the $42,000-to-S45.000 range,
a family might save $1,376 and see
their expected share drop to $3,158.

Lawrence E. Gladicux, director

of the College Board's Washington . ‘

office, maintained that the new law
also created sortie quirks irt the aid
formulas that Congress will have to
corrcct with technical amendments.

Tire top student-aid official in the
Department of Education
acknowledged the need for some
technical alterations, but said the
department will make sure the
Wealthy are not aided tn the expense
of the poor.

 

 

