 

 

 

 

 

 

    
     

 

—:_: 4—:—

v ' tutti“  ﬁgw. 'J H I V l 
 my  . . ,
r r .

l i

l m |Itti|lltl ‘

It v ‘llrlllllldll II. It I

't

it
t”
ii

iii.

by Lori Cohen

The Albany State women‘s

basketball team faced hard times
this past weekI losing consecutively

to a fired-up Saint Rose team Tues-

day. 63-32. and to a tall RPl squad,
59-44. a week earlier. However,
both losses were no indication of
the game and the teams tliat played,
Height. and plain nervousness were

the Dattcs' 'niain opponents in both
games.

The gatiie against Saint Rose was

a bit disheartening. Not as tough a
team as Rl’l. Saint Rose came
prepared to play. Tltey started
quickly reeling off a quick 10
poittt lead before Albany women's
basketball coach Amy Kidder and
assistant Chris Beltrens could

 

 

make am adjustments. Albany’s
first basket was the product of tire
first adjustment. a prettyjuniper by

Laurie Briggs. Albany did not score
again for four tnitrutes.

The rest of the scoring for the
half was provided front two
sources. the last five minutes of the
half. Chris DeSantis-to-Nancy
lialloran, or vice versa. fast breaks

few bright spots for Albany, with
her fighting underneath, consistent-
ly grabbing the necessary rebounds.
At the half the score was 37-l9.
with CSR ahead. and the Danes
looked downcast.

Saint Rose could do no wrong
throughotrt the whole first half. and
contitrued their hot hand in the se-
cond. while no breaks went
Albany's way. Shots hanging on the
rim. bourtcittg iii and out. were
typical Dane plays. The Golden

.1. Knights shot ati atria/ing 62 percent

’ . front the floor. Mnry Broderick. a

  
  

' smart and talented team leader, ran

and lead their attack with 12 points.

' on sis for lllllt,‘ shooting.

The sccottd ltulf proved little dif-

, ferencc for the Dane wotticn. Very

little rebounding and no rnovetttcnl
led to a slowed down Dane offense.
l’asscs were erratic. Itiytips were
missed, and fotil sliootirtg lapsed.

‘_ “We cannot win with four otit of
. to front the foul line," Kidder

noted.

Lintnttc l.al.ondc came iii and
dded sotttc punch to the intern
littsittstic play, Alortg with Burton
rid Briggs, Albany Irntnttged some
rebounding. but could not manage
to ptit things together. ('rintiata
managed to add sortie spark. witlt

. { two for two front tire floor, four rc-
',f bounds and her characteristic lttistl»

 

The Albany State women's basketball team lost big to the ('ollegc of Saint Rose anti Rl'l this past week.
Height and beginning of the season jitters were their biggest disadvantages. (Photo: Sherry Cohen)

 
 
  

itig play. Carol Wallace also stood
out during that time period, causing
turnovers attd stealing tltc brill. litit

towering opponents for the whole
first half. Three to seven points
separated the two teams throughout
the whole half, and it ended with
Albany down by seven 28-21.

Kidder was impressed. "it is very
exhausting to constantly play a
Iriayer who is three or five inches
taller than you. Our arms were
dragging from constantly being in
their faces. We played an excellent
first half, and the score showed it,"
sltc stated.

Eventually. the height proved to
be too large a barrier for Albany to
overcotne. The first seven tninutes
ot' the second half were scoreless,
and could have easily been a turning
point for the weary Danes. Neither
team wanted to take control. RPl
wot-c Albany down and went out to
a lead. which enlarged during the
last five tiiinutcs of the game.

Albany showed itself to be a
itiore disciplined team. consistently
running plays on offense and set-
ting ttp quickly defensively. “We
were more disciplined than they
were. They ran dowrt the court and
depended on one of their big
women to shoot the ball," Kidder
said. In fact. RPl's top two scorers.
with l9 arid iii point were Mary
Halloran ttttd Margaret Goetze,
both 5'll".

Three women scored itt double
figures for the Danes. Hallorati and
DcSatttis each had it, while Burton

continued on page thirteen

’,   . , T ' ' ‘ ners'19so ' l.
  I ' 1" t - . . “ﬂ ' ._ I Albany Student Press “5° Ninem'L i
.,  .  . . . , , . . . . Har r mes or Women sBasketball, Lose Two -
r  . ' - I .
t I . accounted for six points, and Lynne these were not enough.
i.  Burton’s three shots from the RP] sports three women over
5 '     S   R I baseline were good for six points. 5-10. where Albany's tallest player
 "ﬁll" ‘ Burton, along with freshman Chris measures 5-9. skillfully. the Danes
rill" ‘ Cannata. proved to be one of the managed to box out and contain the

J.V. Danes Drop Home Opener To CSR, 7 8-7 2

by Marc Huspel

The Albany State junior varsity
basketball tcatn began its home
season Wednesday against the (‘ol-
lege of Saint Rose. it might have
been the Danes’ borne opener, but
they surely could have saved this
dismal performance for the road us

play that caused it did not please
Albany head coach Rick Skecl iii
the least. Considering that tltc
Danes had just come off an int-
pressivc victory iii the (‘olumbiri—
(hectic lulli‘litllilclll. and consider-
irig that in the past Albany has
blowtt CSR off the court by large

lt)’ 20 points."

With it balanced offensive attack
and a solid defense. the Duties pro—
bahly would have dotic just tltat.
Aftct'ull. they only lost by six.
[hit that needed balance was not
tlicic. lit its place was a rushed.
sloppy offense and :t sluggiin

at the cight rtrtd otte-lntlf ttiittttte
mark.

At that time. Albany‘s play seein-
cd to gel. The Ditties tiiotrtitcd a
strong comeback in tire final
minutes to reach within one point,
69—68. on liriun White‘s lay up with
40 seconds left. Wltitc was second

Albarty never did catch up
though as they were forced to com-
rttit fouls oti CSR possessions. sen-
ding the Goldcn Knights to the line
for free throws cverytimc CSR had
the ball iii the last two minutes of
play. When it cttded the Knights
held on for the .six point vic-

"1‘. 1

tiiargins. Skecl felt llllll his squad dcl'ciisc. among Dane scorers with ciglilccn tory.
“should have beaten tlicrii crisin “We were our own worst enemy. potrtts lit the game.
. We \the for cats. l-.\cryotte tried to ‘

they dropped the contest. 78-72.

. . - 'I on rate flee"
The lossand the Danes' caltbrcoi totttrtued I g ff

 

 

 

 

put on a one-man show," sttid tltc
couch. “We never run our offense
the “fly we can.”

[it the early seconds ol' the game,
it seemed as tlrotrgli the Danes
would cotitititrc their domination ‘ “
over CSR. lint soori all offensive
cohesion dittiitiislied. and what rc-
tiiaittcd was a simple array of H
, shooting. liy halftime. Albany fell

4 behind 36'3l.

Tltc Danes were having trouble
controlling the tempo of the game.
Their usually well-worked offense
‘ was not effective and there were '
»_ problems under the boards.
One problem that Skcel alluded ‘
' to afterwards was the quarterback: 
 ing of point guard liill Everett. He '
_‘ led Dane scorers with 30 points, bttt L
had difficulty directing the offense. . ‘ ‘
Skcel noted that the small guard _
took shots front the outside that he i ' I
should not normally take. " '

“We expect a lot out of Bill. He "II
rtttis the show out there. if he w
doesn’t do a good job, we're bound
- to lose," said Skeel. “I think
‘ V, anytime a point guard scores 30
; points, yotr should be blowing out
l the other team by 40 points." be ad-
dcd.

A good portion of the second‘ - ..
lialt‘ w'rts just like the first as CSR’s The Jayvees won the recent Columbia-Greene tournament belting

lead opened as wide as nine points Dominican College and Columbia-Greene. (Photo: Sue Mlndleb)

“It r

 l

1 .il

........ --

} l‘l

r  t   iltitliiiiiiiiiliiiiiiilltiliiliiiilttilttit{ii{itiitiitttiiiii'it“trititrttrt‘  
~ if Mr it" ii iii | i ra ;

as l  i it ittillliiiiiiiiilllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

The J.V. basketball team began their home season on Wednesday Wl‘ll “
Poor effort against Saint Rose. (Photo: Site Mlndleh)

r 3

 

%

  

eff“'T.r:f':—:‘
t

 

 

 

 

 

 

-' \ t

 

 

