r: *r‘xiln'I-J

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TWO Looks At An E

The Play

‘9 3m. rum;
‘vi'rm "it; Bar
1922-. :rnughr
(23725 a '
craft-erect
i-t-Izztr.’ armor.an
an: 'PJSE‘J :3 New 11m: ii
Tarn. :wzn .

if? Izmir:

 

 

lephant Man i

or ant
:rrzerzy I

‘ iur‘rrr‘

 

e brevity of the mean“ 13rd
blackouts between them.
kind of rhythm. like a Sift-'4’! of 2.14, :I

rn‘c ThOCks

 

 

 

 

. I “if.
tiqriiliwt 11.: moressae
'Ttart Mouse. ,trim ,t 'eil:

"Tie ...epnant 'Itari III'II
-:':.1gi.=.tirnnri Iairiw: innit ‘Iterr‘ *'
:erru: ‘mm Ir: Iiiri=.aai1., irasv'
:‘ie'irutittrmnat .. . In In ,irrrtim “seine
vttt linger: as rreari 'tI tuna 'L  .Inrmai
‘I‘I . i-e l'x nic'ti,
"a, ,riirre‘ . v » we: 'I.iit 'Ilitu'lltnti
t;Iti..1, , 1 , '  'iiril Int: outta
and: :I,i . . .' 'ttink

on itlizwmi It
‘I.II 'tfdt‘. ,I ilr

manual: "Iiin being

a | \:
'CE‘HHNJI‘IL' V
“ti\l"\ JE’ ‘ . "
 i e ‘kr
yth grape.
ieeiill, tort," “
it 3 'III irci'cc' ‘I‘
riris ctts'appIaiir-in

Sure =t

 

Aspects on Tuesday

Page Nine

 

The Astori Col n

Eulogy

Ron Levy

Today marks the first anniversary of the
death of my Volkswagori The police report
called my car —- l still think of her as mine 
simply car number 3, number 3 was liii by
number 2: number 2 was hit liy number i ll
went on to describe. in great detail, how no
blame could be fixed because there were no
witnesses That is. except lor the diners of]
and 2. but their stories didn't even agree on
the time of day The i‘ar's demise came as
she was resting peaceiully on a street corner.
unaware that she would soon look not unlike
an accordion it was iiist Ultt‘ of those things
/\ small rectangle \IItlr the proper \'\'('ltti
arrows of tlte accident was the IIiIIIiIeI's
death Ii'itifit‘ate The IIlittIiaiv, rate of lltiI a
Mutual. was a blunt. "TIItal lIIss ” (hie
would think that \Iitli all the lartfaiI' and glit»
tet tliat /\Ine,riI ans pour met their cars tliI'i‘e
uIIiild be some deeper iiieatritig attat lied to
their demise Though there was a ~tttrtll
iirI-iriIIriain in last October in» IiSl’lIIIlIliiig
her to '
said other eighth of It ittilll'tll lliilt‘»

‘rest in piIIII's " there is more in he

The tarnin gathered iii the delivery Ward o
la dealer's slintI'IIIIIii: lot the birth of our
hug A twelve year old» thoughts are llttl yet
turned to stick shift: and back seats and -;II l
began to wander around The small. yellrne.
piegriant-looking car exith the stirkrii that
preached its efficienI y wasn't nearly as
fasriirating as the VW I’amper witli the harri-
iiiIIL‘lI book or a siIarIgI- something called
"The Thing." But \\lt(‘|\ you're that age.
ltt’illtt‘t is as interesting As getting back to
sleigh riding at the park living told that "this
Is lltt’ IaI you'll learn to drive lit.” didn't I'ariy
iiitII h wI'iItlit I'itliI'I’

Tune went on and the novelty of the new
car faded with its SiiiiIIiii/e. arid the beetle
\Las Ileiregiated tII llll‘ rank of beasts til
burden This tins the [)t‘lllttl when the
riianagr'is IIt Madison Avenue new
tiiaila-tinii thI-Ii priirlnrt Iili it» had looks so
people seemed to look on the hapless VIIlks
iniiei wttlt pity H'till. they were tiin, Illitl it
was always a challenge III up the number Iil
people we I-IIIIlIl inuI'I'I'e III (last count. H

adults)

he r“3551011littlslfldlilsltlit(lllft’lt'ttl
sl~tt lltItiI \/t)lll everyday tIIil< star
He Is most dedicated III hi: iiistru
ttI'iit. his sole symbol of identification. and
‘ilthIIIigli he is capable of IIuislriiIiiig almost
'IiinIiie in his mode of music. he is
tet‘essaiilu forced to play on the outer Iiiir Id
be spotlight

Jon Polk

()II asiI IiIIIllk‘. a group Iil tliesI' platters will
step out than ltt’llllttl the personalities IIl
their trIInt titan lIIi ‘AltlilIIfll and get to tli\’ltll'
the applause t’lilltt‘lL ainiiiigst thI-ItiinhI“.
This has been the purpose of Stufl. The get
that. l'IItII. etc .and now a group from New
York ('ity who are known I'IIlleI‘IIVlet/ as The
With Street ltaiid

l’layriig at .l lt S'I‘Iitts last Thursday night
were llitIilti llnllot k oir guitar. (TliliIIrIl
flatter on keyboards Steve Jordan on
ltittit‘I. and bass nIaiI Will Lee a Ioinbiiia
non of llltt’, talented tiriistr’tans who. despite
their \.‘IIIitlittil appearance. have a lot of I':~:
pI'iIeiIrI' to brag about According to Lee.
they haw iIiIlIVIIliially haI’kI-Il some \‘i'i'y
respectable people To do a little iiaiiii'
dropping. Will Lee and Steve .lnrdaii have
both barked perfIriirII-Is IIiI batiiiIlay Night
Live. .lIIrdari most notably with The BlLies
Brothers Some of Lee's many recording
credits are with Barbra Streisand. Barry
Manilow. and Phoebe Snow Hiram
Bullock, who has played with Billy Joel. for

 

simplex Shine

Breaking Through Obscurity

making Through The ice Age is
Ellen Shipley's second albunr tn
date. What I find hard to believe is
the fact that she still remains fairly unknown
In the average music listener, This is more
unfortunate. as she is extremely talented.
Shipley has a sweet voice that puts Olivia
Newtondohn's to shame. On the contrary.
though ltt._’t' voice has the potential to be

Caroline Sommers '

IIver-iiisaccharine. Shipley is well aware of
this arid has virtually no problem controlling
it Alttl. at the other end of the ‘slﬂ’fllliliii Iter
WIiCL’ can sound out relatively angry. ag
Irressri-e turres beautifully Although the lttt‘
age protected to some Is 'ptmk' IIi ‘Iiew
\t/It\‘|". the music is very tight as are Sliipley‘s
‘,'tit'Itl‘» l’uiik and new waw rock are often
Ii‘I“L|illt‘tl to he emu poor naturally. (as are

 

IIaIaIII- luiiiIlsl. aItd IlII- \ii| als are Itsstttltc’tl
tIII‘IItrsi-It of \t reaming l.lli"i Hliiplr'v IIIIAV‘I
this tlII'IIiv iIiiiIiieit

Many of her sting-I are \IritIIiIi .Ilitl sung
\\illl lt‘tlillli‘dli llllli'llk“ ThIi equinens at
tiliiIle IirIIl si'tisitit‘Ity illt' lanta‘tri ally
presented III the first number on the Itlltiilll.
"lliiarl III lleIiit ”

"l lt‘Illl to l leart". wttli lust the right much.
has the potential to he an [\M ~|ttIt~lt liii l'lii»
l‘-lllt"-itlttillitlil\Vlllt'lll|1ll'lLt‘il IIptliel)lt\I.i
sIaiIIII nIIIst l‘liit Sltrpley somehow I I InlrIIls
this. thus the song makes II it does possess
sIIriII AM qualities. It's all Ittltlilitl pI-ileI tiIIii.
verse IlIIIiiis, t'erse. i’hIIius. and so on lti
taI't. at ttiriesﬁhipley sounds like an over
e,\I Iteil Marianne liriitlrtiill lhtt Sliipley .IIlIls
little \‘IIIIil details here and there r straying
fl'tlit the regular I‘ltIIi’tis with a mono or a
Iltlilllt‘tl scream This Sluplet.‘ "touch" is lllt‘
sew. Iiiiality which rust pull» this song over
the edge horn AM l’t I'M 'tlitlt'tiitl lt's
leiirtiitstii qualities can be noted III the
fIIllIIwIIIIt \i'isi!

"l liIlIf liit’ thL', I Ullll' IIii lll't'l illltl Iiilli III llll’.
- “‘1‘ been .sIIiiiir' III I'arli other [or I'lt’llllfl'
k lI'IIii s: I' tliI' lt‘l'l'i III t‘IIIit I't'I IIiii'I

IIIIII ‘vt't' ItiL IIiiIIs anv iIIH’li II IIlI' "

It is in the next song. "Fotogentc". that
Shipley redeems herself for the previous
near AM hit. The beat is good. and the Cars
oriented synthesizer in the beginning makes
for a change in style A superb guitar )am In
the middle of the song and the complement
of the music and Shipley's voice make
"Fultrgk‘ttlk‘. one of the better tunes on the
album The lyrics are catchy: the type you
want to learn so you can sing along with
them

A piano solo. which distinctly sounds like
something Billy Joel could have written.
opens up the third cut. "Jamie". presumably
a love song Though a beautitul time. the
music is still strong The CI'Inrbinatlon of
piano and guitars in "Jamie" makes this
another extII-irrely pleasant song.

II Is at this point that I must mention
Shipley's band, Called the Numbers. t

‘ .1 :
II‘atures Ralph SI'lIIIckett on keyboards
Ht‘lini'kett's Iiedeiitrals inI‘liIIle playing in
l'IIIld liiiiiuilreii's original Utopia and on
(:arolr' King's l‘IIpI'sitt' Hitllll‘ (H'iiriglta.
who was a member of the Illusion. plays
guitar along with NII lrIIliIs l.yirni while Steve
Vitale plays l-Ii‘-s .irIII lteniiii MI'ItI-IIIIIII:
plays (lt'lltlt‘< Illitl pr'rIIiserIn ()III' Irl tlII
main reasons that this album sounds \It IIIaIIl
.s that Sliipli'c's l‘Iltltl IlIIes f\'()'I'I'IIrIsI~.t of a
bunch IIl Illtt"ll||Jlll \(‘H‘dttltlttt’lL but is
rather, of her IIfllt‘IItl band

The tIIiIitlr I'ttl is "This 1 lllll’ furl" and Is
also llllltt'.lll\'t‘ IIt \‘lriplr-It‘s lI'iriiIitrIIte The

I

lyrics show the desperation, indecision. and
insecurity of a schoolgirl crush,

"My head is makin' speeches — but my
mouth won't make a sound — won't you
make II easy — oh. just let me make it clear
— this little girl has got the hats for you. "

Wiili’ the background vocals of Alla
Anderson. this song contrasts with some of
the other tunes on the album.

The next tune. “Talk Don't Shout". is un-
doubtedly the most rockin' song on the
album Although is starts out with keyboards
(sounding (I la Stranglers). the feeling Is in-
tensified by the angry lyrics. and Shipley's
Voice wields amazing controii

Side thI opens up with "Solo", another
great rocker. although not as hot as “Talk
Don't Shout." The piano in this song con-
tributes to the heat. and Shipley's voice in
"Solo" resembles lilleri Foley's in Ian
lliiiiter‘s "(‘IIItta (Bet Out of Here "

The next song, “Lost Without Your
l,a\ e" is I IIH‘ of the most beautiful songs We
lit'IIItl III a long liittl.’ 'l'liIIIiIgliIIut most III
the \tlil‘l. \liiiilee \’Il('ItlI/l'\ while Cerniglia
and Lynn pIIwIIlI- \‘t’lU light background
guitar l ll't \‘itlt e is sweet enough to carry on
this lI\ 9 minute fifty seI‘I IiiIl time without any
aI‘I’IIiirpaiiinieiit. and this is a Iliftir -Ilt task to
lltit‘dt’t it is a slow. sensual song that IIIIIld
haw ltt'i'll “Ili'lh'ltilitllu sweet but L'Iliiptey's
sI-ir-itn‘iI-i. ]\l|‘\‘tlttl‘wllll\ll|tlnIli1[i[)t"titlt]

What |l|‘\l‘l ceases to atria/e the t5
SliiplI‘ -- \|‘|‘Irllll|l\.l She goes from the tear
[tild‘lthiitti "lust Without Your Low" in yet
Illittllil‘l all out iorla'i. "l’iIItnrse III KIpr
ller \itlt't' strains with anger. and sttrI-ams
with awareness when she says "So damn
liiIrrIiiI' for UN”  sII lpi'I'lI up the phone »-
ttls‘t in iIIll\ it through — liiII L'IIIIII' IiliI irilt'
gIIriI- " l’iiI- l\,‘lit"I ('IiirlIl t'it‘IIlL‘ lu' iiiiinte iigi-
lrle, liIrI Shiplr'u's IiiiiIiIIl pre- I'irts this her.
from happening

The last lilltt‘ is I'alli'd "Lying hot The
Vl‘t'lltlt'llll'wsu leiplnt;\ IttIIa :w Ieiiil II LIIVU
iiiialiti,‘ l'l tlri la~t Iiieat rI-I l'.l’t

A“ ll' all lwriild say that this album Is’ It
erI I i'\w lot I llI‘tt 'ﬁ'litplt'“ all that’s loft is the

lll'(I'\\ll'. lIII llll‘ uoirl l'I spread

 

learning liIIiI III Ilrite .I sltill iinirI'IIl liii-3.
tiiIIie li'IlJll experiences All of the senses
are stitiriilaterl in your panicked I-ttIIrIs to hi
trig the beast lllilll’t I’IiiiiiIIl l'lltlll
underneath the seat. you ran T|‘t’l the grin
drug and pulling of tone \rs inertia Your
ears IletI'It that you are doing \tilitt'lllilltl

om Studio 10 \

Concert On It'mtth

II-III. e‘rll be featured on the upI’I Iiniiig Steely
Dan allIuiIi

As a litttl, this hand s IIIIIIIliIiateIl and
well [lirttllt,t’tl. stiriplu lllt'i, IleliirI- lllt' word
professionalism HiillIII l; I- an excellent
guitarist With a pIIwiiitIil. yI't liltt. presence.
whoin tlitlllillttt leads I ttlllt' oil well against
l.i't’ Itllll .loidair‘s lIIIt rhet‘riii nIiI tiIIri arid the
slIaIlIa-ang ltl Carter's keys

The set IIIiiststeil Irf ten songs. rnovtiig in
a ltItli‘IIlCHli lrIIitr funk i‘III’lI iirtIIstrarglIi aWItt.‘
iIII l\’ lii' roll The opener \I.aI "Qtiat k " I”! In
‘~liii||i\‘ttlitl piece. whose single lyric is the Ir
Ile. \kliit h was shouted liii all four men as
they wrapped both arms around their heads
burning a IliIIlt's beak opening and closing
.irIaiIIIl lllt' word.

lire test of the songs weie ltltltt’ lynial as
I‘ll! h iiiernlit'i lftlllPtl IIll lead \iIII’als NIIIII' IIl
lllt’ tour has: a distinctive \Uif e the keulIIIar
-li‘ts'a ‘~t‘t,‘l|l|‘tl rather weak lot this type III
lIriiIl rIII k "n. roll but this worked for tlietii
irot against llil’lit lt prevented the listener
lIIIIIi IlII\I'lIIpIng .i Ieirtei of l'UliLL‘iilIItllUll
on any single member forcing him to see the
group as a whole whit h is the purpose til
the lIaIIIl's existence in the lust plate
Although at certain times ltiillock's giritai
skills and Iryiations iii IlariI e Ilettiaiided
LHllililt’lt' attention

As the set went on, a variety of i‘liythiirii
styles were used /\ few of the songs had a
Jamaican treat whilI.I others certainly had a
modern cor’isciuusness. lit the middle ol the
show they performed a very 1980's lttflucttC'
ed version ot the Beatles. "'l'axrnaii.” which

wrong IIIIIaIisI- I as aren‘t supposed III
L‘IainIl lil-e that but ‘.tt|| begin III II'IilI/t’ how
THIIH'lt’VI the situation I~ Tlin |)|l|tll|’i|l atrium
of the I‘lIiII lI'~ :irI IirI-iatiIIii risI-s tliiIItiItlii the
floorboards. llaiinii L'IIIII IIII‘IltIls l‘hI' beetle
nII ltilltlt‘l looked like a lll’t‘ll". instead It was

a toad hopping in short lI’Itps down the road

Street

did nothing for ll|l‘ Iri‘tginal birl was in»
teri'stiiig nevertheless All of the above
mentioned songs had a 'fiitiky' leel which is
Ilie personalin of the band. Most of the
tunes Were I'aiI'liy. and the loud. aritltiliuus.
background lIariiiIIiiies Ittltlt‘tl a lot it: the
sound

/\s lIIr tlIeatiirs. l can say that .l l5 Scirtls
was the stage liii this show I mean this
ll'.Utitll‘/ as they did not iIItIfine themselves to
the stage area, but used the entire nightclub
III llIIIIr lltL‘lt at’t Using IIII‘Illess guitars.
l’IiillIIt’k and Lee were able to rtiii from table
to table. Itiiiiping IIrr (hairs. and playing Iii
thI.I t'l‘itlt‘l IIl dilfeieiit groups of the att-
dream-

The best song of the night. to my ears, was
the group's IIIiI'IIre. Ir song called “Don‘t Let
Them Take You Away" which relaxed the
iurik and let loose on some good. firii. rock
and roll /\ fitting end III a line IIIiiI’ert.

The 24th Street Band llits‘vth) albums iii
Illlllvlli. and although they are planning on
something iii the U.S.. don't expect it to be
a chart topper Their lack of a strong locat
point writ probably see them go the same
way as siirIrliIrI' bands. That is. back to their
roles in the backgrounds of ririisic where they
are so needed -~llrIIIigli so often unrecogniz-
ed, I don't mean this to sound negative at all.
since l think it is great for them tolstep out
from every once in a while and get the ap-
plause they rightly deserve The band seem-
ed to enjoy what they were doing so much
iliat it brought me even greater pleasure in
being there III enjoy them and clap along.

'llliill |lt'llI|l IiiiistI'IeIl. do him hi

Its epii' travels III points that had ."'ll then
only llt'l'li I IIrIirI‘I‘t .I (l'd‘ air the irra} Itizy-
'III this the great lIlII-ra‘IIi fIIIIIi Louie‘s
bounds. and trawl was the l'a'll It seemed as
II We could go ant/where. ill see anything wr
wanted There was the IiinsiI tlt’l‘.'ll‘.{1. lUIL
and we lt'll tliai \'.I’ were lzv-iii III do It

As the 'Itt's III-Itarr III \htttt' an interesting
plii'iiiIrtiI'iIIIIt liI'Iiaii III III‘I‘iii avian. and
again When pulling tip :I a light III Irruvrng
tlt slow traltII. IrtrIrilreI lII-I-tle owner would
lltli IlIIIIrr lii'I window and talk. as It In II (on-
turning IIIiII'IIrsatiIIiL about the ti‘-'t"ls IIf
Volkswagiiiiinit litipIrrt III the car's eta-I being
(’iltlrtllt’il lIr-Iaiise the liIirII‘hIIs In Europe
I'IIIildIi'i meet the l‘t7H eriiissiIIn standards.
and were trying to pass all the t‘lt'illttinlsl
thltltii as a genuine VW Families. ' lIl men
and young girls Would all find ii net essai'v to
i‘arit/ on the laitli ainl sI'irIrIIii suliii I 's Iattg-
ed ftt)llt earthy siIlIIeIits like I'IIII\'I'r:zl=lII IIiIrfs
to more misnnr’ prospects Ul raising altIIIfa in
the Iruiik freally') We were a breed apaitV
able to t‘!)ltlllllli(l even the must I‘I iii-dent
irrei’haiiii' by asking lrriri to check the radiator
(hugs don't have one. they're arr cooled).
More than one lrtt'tl looking under the front
hood, and i wish i could initiate the
bewildered looks on their faces

lIlrIive the car for three years. and in that
time it crossed the country horizontally and
vertically It was in Chattanooga and Ecl-
dyville and lluiiiptulips and tip to the Astoria
column overlooking the Columbia River
delta Only one mistake was made: parking
her on a mullet. where in eight hours a Mr.
Portrroy's car thllltl titrii it into an object the
size of a bracelet charm,

That certain brotherhood of Volkswagon
owners still exists. and now they are even
acknowledged by IIIIrI-riieiribers who can
appreciate their thrift. They had the foresight
to know what would be most useful in the
future.

.‘ So if you see a beetle on the road today.
flash your lights to him. it would be a fitting
nremoriam. They'll understand,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

