 

 

_____._._._..—
- C I

Poland in Turmoil

WARSAW. Poland (AP) Communist Party leaders told
their countrymen Wednesday continuing unrest is
leading Poland “to the brink of economic and moral
destruction." The leaders said “the fate of the nation
hangs in the balance." in their dramatic appeal reﬂec-
ting the gravest concern over the future of this Warsaw
Pact state. whose internal turmoil has raised fears of a
Soviet-led invasion similar to that in Czechoslovakia l2
years ago. The statement, issued following a two-day
plen'ary meeting of the party’s Central Committee that
59w the purge of a number of high level officials. was
carried late Wednesday by the Polish state news agency.
PAP. An unofficial English translation ofthe statement
said in part: “the party. as the leading political force in
our society. declares its openness and willingness to
cooperate with all who want to see return to this coun-
try. We continue. . .a pltasc of sharp political crisis. Its
results may turn out to be dangerous for otrr basic na-
tional interest. All Poles are engulfed by profound anx-
iety about.the further destiny of the homeland. about
maintaining the hard-earned fruits of postwar toil and
about the future of Polish families. The tinte for concen-
tration of all realistically tltinking people in our country
around the common line of common sense attd respon-
sibility has come." it said. “Tire development of
peoples' rule and guarantees ‘of independence can be
consolidated only within the framework of a socialist
state." it continued. in what may ltavc been an alltrsion
to a possible replay of the Soviet-led intervention of
Czechoslovakia in I968 that suppressed the liberal
“Prague spring” of party leader Alexartder Dubcck.

Secretary of State Haig ?

WEST HARTFORD. Conn. (AP) Alexander M. Halg.
Jr.. considered by many the person likely to be ttarrtcd
the next Secretary of State by Ronald Reagan. jokingly
says he would like to be Secretary of Agriculture.
“Every morning I wake up and I‘m secrctary of
somethinv."l the former NATO commander told a
group of scltoolboys Tuesday. "What I really wattt is to
be Secretary of Agriculture." Just minutes earlier. a
more serious Haig told reporters. “I think any request
to serve tltc American people at an important time is not
a question that can be taken lightly.“ Haig‘s moves are
being watclted closely nowadays as Reagan continues to
put together a Cabinet. although the 56-year-old rctircd
Army general says he has not been asked to join tltc
presidcrtt-clcet‘s administration. “I'm content where I
am and will cross whatever bridges corttc when I get to
them." said Haig. currently the president of Hartford-
bascd United chltnologies Corporatiort. a major
military weapons manufacturer. Prior to speaking to
students at the Kingswood-Oxford School. llaig said
anyone offered a' Cabinet position would have to give it
“considerable thought." Haig was White House chief
of staff when the Watergate scandal forced Richard Nis-
on's resignation as president in I974. and sources told
the Associate Press that Haig is Reagan’s first choice for
Secretary of State.

Italians Fear “Baby Racket”

NAPLES. Italy (AP) Officials suspect people are driv-
ing into the earthquake-ravaged zones of southern Itttly
and seizing orphans in a "baby racket" to sell childrcrt
to adoptive parents. the head of the Naples juvenile
court said Wednesday. Authorities also began cracking
dbwn on looting and price gouging in the quake-stricken
region as politicians demanded tough security measures
to ensure the safety of survivors and delivery of relief
material. “My office has received reports that young
children are being removed physically from the zones
without going through odr court." Giovanni Lucan-
tonio.~ president of the Naples juvenile court. told the
Associated Press. Adoptions are processed by the
juvenile court. He estimated that 1.000 children were
left without parents or close relatives by the devastating
quake Nov. 23 that killed about 3.000 people in'several
hundred cities and towns in a 10,000 square mile area
east of Naples. “Children ‘are not goods to buy and
sell." Lucantonlo said in a telephone interview. He said
he sent two magistrates to Avellinb; in the heart of the
affected area. to make sure that all adoptions go
through legal channels. He said he had no confirmation‘
that children were being'seized and sold, but he believes
it is “very possible." There is a five-year waiting list for
couples who'lwant to adopt children legally in Naples.
Mancusi Barone. a Na lea appeals court magistrate who
speciallzes'in juve'nll cases. gave another possible ex-
planation for the reports of‘children being taken from

 

 

 

special commissioner for the disaster zone, ordered.

    

judges and prosecutors to set up courts in tents and earn-
ping trailers in refugee camps to deal with Iooters.
Authorities in Naples said police reinforcements were
sent to dozens of towns where looting and disturbances
were reported. Nearly a dozen aftershocks hit the
stricken aria Wednesday. but there were no reports of
new casualties. Workmen dug up more than 25 bodies.
most of them in Laviano. near Salerno. The latest
casualty list issued by the military command showed the
quake that hit the region cast of Naples on Nov. 23 kill-
cd 2,960 people. left l.574 missing and presumed dead
and 265.000 homeless. including 50,000 in Naples.

Carter Warns Soviets

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) While key officials say
there is no evidence the Kremlin Itas decided to launch a
military strike. President Carter and his top aides are
calling the Soviet troop building along the Polish border
unprecedented and encouraging Moscow to imagine the
worst it it decides to invade. In a written statement
Wednesday. Carter said. “The United States is watching
with growing concern the unprecedented buildup of
Soviet forces along the Polish border and the closing of
certain frontier regions along the border." He added: “I
want all countries to know that the attitude and future
policies of the United States toward the Soviet Union
would be directly and very adversely affected by any
Soviet use of force in Poland.“ Noting Soviet references
to “anti-socialist forces" alleged to be operating within
Poland's trade unions. which are openly challenging tltc
Communist Party's dorrtination of that natiort. tltc
president said: “We knew front postwar history that
such allegations have sometimes preceded military irr-
tcrvention.” The scope and purpose of the Soviet
buildup were uncertain.

W

WHITE PLAINS. New York (AP) Art electrictrl fire
Ilaslred through the conference roronts of a suburban
inn Thursday. killing 26 people and injuring 40.
Authorities said the area where the fire spread was not
cqtrippcd with sprinklers. “It appears it flashed rtp sud-
dcnly artd these people didn’t have a chance.“ said Pur-
chase Fire Chief Robert Makowski at the scene of tltc
fire at Stoul'fer's Inn of Westchcster. about 20 miles
north of mid-Manhattan. Westchcstcr County Ex-
ecutive Alfred Dclbcllo said tltcrc was cotrtptrtcr equip-
ment in the roorrt where tltc fire started. hrtt lrc said
there was "no foundation" to reports that tire fire may
have been caused by an explosion of that cquiprtrcnt.
Seven of the bodies were found in a closet. which the
victims apparently mistook for an exit. and three were
found behind a Christmas tree near an crttcrgency door
whose dead-bolt apparently failed to open. It was the
nation's second hotel fire with a heavy death toll irt two
weeks. coming I] days rtftcr 84 died and mort- Ilratn 7tX)
were injured at the MGM Grand hotel-casino in Ins
Vegas. chada.

(i.

 

 

Campus Bniefs _

 

Be an Exhibitionist

 

As they‘ve done for the past twelve years. the Art
Council is exhibiting the works of SUNYA artists in the
University Art Gallery.

. The I981 Exhibition by Student Artists will be on view
front January 23 through Frebruary 27. and will include
works in all media.

The works will be selected by Elbert Weinberg of
Boston University. Students may enter by bringing
works to the Gallery on Monday. Dccerttbcr IS and
Tuesday. December l6. '

Direct inquiries to Art Gallery Office. 7-3375.

Poet’s View Of Cancer

Black feminist poet Audre Lorde will share her ex-
periences with breast cancor tomorrow at 8 at the
[Westminster Presbyterian Church at 262 State Street.

, Ms. Lordc will read from her latest book. The Cancer
lJourna/s. an account of her experiences with breast
.cancer.

The reading is a benefit for Spinsters. Ink. a feminist
‘publishing company. Tickets are $4.00 In advance, is .00
'at the door. Tire reading will be signed for the hearing

impaired. .

 

 

U.S.Re lies toIran

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The United States has in.
formed Iran that President Carter can't implement to
the letter the four. demands for releasing the 52
American hostages. Secretary of State Edmund s.
Muskie says. But. he adds. the US. government will do
all it can to obserVe the spirit of the four demands set
down more than a month ago by the Iranian Parliament.
“A literal reading of the parliament’s propOsal is
beyond the president's authority to implement." '
Muskie told reporters Wednesday. "But he can go a
significant way and indeed a substantial way towards the
objectives of that resolution. We have undertaken to in.
dicate to Iran we are willing to do that. we cannot go
beyond that. and the Iranians must understand it." ltc
added. As Muskie spoke. his deputy. Warren
Christopltcr. was wrapping up two days of talks with
Algerian intermediaries. Christopher. who rcturtrcd lrcrc
early today. met in the Algerian capital with Foreign
Minister Mohamad Benyaltia and a three-man punt-1
that has been acting as go-bctwecn for the United States
and Iran. “Although our answers or Clarifications
themselves are quite short. we had a full opportunity to
explain to the Algerian delegation and tltc Algerian
foreign minister how they will work and how they will oc
carried out." Christoplter,told reporters upon his arrival
at Andrews Air Force Base outside Washington.

Abscam Verdict: Guilty

NEW YORK. N.Y. (AP) A federal jury found laure-
dtrck Reps. Frank Thompson. Jr.. D-N.J.. and John M.
Murphy. D-N.Y., guilty late Wednesday of numerous
charges in tire FBI‘s undercover Abscartr case. Both
defendants were found gtrilly of conspiring to defraud
tltc U.S. governtttcnt by agreeing to accept bribes in
return for promising to hpr fictitious Arab sheiks irt im-
migration matters. Tltonrpsort. 62. a lit-term cort-
gressmau frotn Trenton. N..l.. also was convicted on u
bribery cltargc. the most serious offense alleged in the
five-count indictment. Murphy, 54. a nine-term corr-
gressman from Staten Island. N.Y.. was acquitcd on the
bribery count. The bribery charge carries a possible I5
year prison term. while the maximum term on the con»
spiracy convictions is five years.

 

 

 

A “Special”Meeting \

Students and faculty members are irtvitcd to learn a
little about the New York Special Olympics. at a meeting
Sunday at the Albany Association of Relitltlctl
Children. Area to. 155 Washington Avenue.

The Holiday Hospitality Open House will be an infor-
mal cverrirtg of information about tltc Special Olympics
program in the Capital District.

Special Olympics is a year-round program of sportirty
events. and new volunteers are being sought to tumble
the “people power" needed to rtrrt the program.

The Open House is front 7:30 until 10:00 p.m.. rrrrd
refreshments wil be served. Call Mrs. Tyrorr at J7t)»4tlltt
for ntore information.

Ward on StudentIssues

SUNYA's Sharon Ward. last year's president ol’
SASU. will join Professors Walter P. Zenner artdd’rurl
Mart itt a panel discussion on the impact Sludclllb and
professional people from other parts of tire country are
having on the culture and politics of tire Upper ltudson
Region. tomorrow at to am. in tire New York Static
Museum Auditorium at the Plaza. .

The discussion is part of the Peoples and coin-
ntunities of the Upper Hudson Program. Ms. Ward will
represent the student point-of-view on security in off-
carnpus apartments. and on the recently won right of
students to vote in their college towns. '

Professor Zenner of the Anthropology Department
and Professor Mart of the Geology Department have
been studying professional “in-migrants" at univctsitics
and colleges.

The discussion is free and open to the public.

Give Blood Today

The American Red Cross Bloodmobile is on carnptn
today. sponsored by JSC-Hillel.

The Bloodmobilc has set up shop in tltc Campus
Center Assembly Hall. and will be taking dorrrrtiolb
from l0:00 a.m.to 4:00 pm.

 

 

 

 

 

  
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 

   
  
    
   
   
   
  
    
     
  
  
   
    
     
  
  
  
  
  
   
     
  
 
  
  
   
    
  
   
   

   
  
   
    
    
    
  
    
    
 
    
 
    
  

 

 

 

 

    
   

        

  

December 5, 1980

 

Albany Student Press

UAS Reopens Walden Cafeteria

by Andrew Carroll

Satisfied with a proposal
presented by menrbers of thc Alum-
rti Quad Board. UAS has re-opencd
tltc Waterbury-Alden cafeteria for
evening studying.

UAS accepted a proposal Mon-
day night from members of the
Quad Board Education Committee.
chaired by Steven Cohen. The
cafeteria rcopcrtcd Wednesday
rtiglrt urtder the terms of tltat pro-
posrtl.

The cafeteria will now remain
open between 8 p.nr. and l a.m..
will include smoking and non-
smoking sections. and will be super-
vised by student volunteers. who
will see that studying rcrttains silcttt
and that students sign irt at the
Waterbury entrance to the
cafeteria. The Aldert entrance has
bccrt closed to prcvcrtt traffic.

The regulations were the work of
Cohen and the Education Commit-
tee. who held meetings before tltc

 

French playwright Eugene Ionesco

Thanksgiving break to discuss op-
tions to present to UAS. Food Ser-
vice had originally closed tltc
cafeteria. complaining of litter.
noise. and vandalism. The Commit-
tee proposed student volunteers to
monitor the studying. and to make
sure that students with proper ID's
signed in and out of the cafeteria.

“Right now the 'supervisors‘ are
volunteers. but for next semester
we’re hoping for a work study pro-
gram." said Cohen. He added that
students ltavc resportdcd with en-
tltusiasm to the call for volunteers.
and that a fornral schedule was be-
irtg negotiated.

Rort Clorrglt. UAS Food Direc-
tor. said the proposal made by the
Committee was "stronger" than
evcrt UAS rttight have made. “Tltc
students did art excellent job,“ he
said. adding that UAS did ttot want
to see the cafeteria closed down to
strrdying. since the College of Saint
Rose Library has closed its doors to

r .

ll’r'll lead 5 sessions as gnarl of French Department.

SUNYA students.

Alumni Quad Coordinator Liz
Radko said she has distributed
notices to RA's and SA‘s urging
them to post notices and sign up
sheets for \oltmtecrs.

The success of those efforts will
be Seen irt the next few weeks.
Cohen termed the proposal a “pilot
program." "We have to wonder
ltow successful the voluntcr pro-
grant will be.” said Cohen. “How
far will a volunteer stick his rtcck
out during a disturbance?" '

That was a question asked by
students Wednesday as they took
advantage of tire study ltotrrs. Most
were pleased with tltc new quiet, but
wottdcrcd how lortg it would last.
"Just wait until it gets closer to
finals." said sophorrrore Dortrra

McNulty.

The major complaint. however.
was of the lengtlt of tire study
hours. Sophomore Margaret Black

Playwrigh t‘Ion-esco to Teach Here

by Sue Smith

Playwright Eugene lorrcsco will
teach at SUNYA next semester as a
part of tire visitor‘s program spott-
sorcd by tile French Department . ac-
cording to Department Chair Mur-
tirr Kancs.

The program. Kancs said'. is
primarily aimed at undergraduates
and will give students a chalice to
rrtcet famous Frertchpcoplc they will
be studying.

According to the French Depart-
mcrtt‘s November newsletter.
lonesco is “the most famous living
author of tire tltculrc of the ab-

Representation Issue Debated

by Nora Kirby .
WCDIl sponsored rt
student/faculty debate last Tuesday
afternoon on the issue of student
representation on the University
Scrrrrtc.
Each of the three stances was

by liruee W. Ier

SUNYA. came to show support.

students seeking to testify.

irtg effort may be attempted.

just prior to Spring Finals Week.

 

F
Forty Students A ttend
Pro-holiday Hearing

The SUNY Board ofTrustccs fulfilled the first quarter of their legal
obligation to Irold four open hearings each academic year last Wednes-
day afternoon. just before the Tltanksgivirtg holiday.

Despite the inconvenience of tire date and time. forty students front
across tltc state sltowcd up to testify. while many others, mainly front

The hearing was held irt tltc Elizabeth Moore Board Roorrt at SUNY
(‘entral l’ltr/rr itt downtown Albany. It was originally scheduLcd for
two hours. btrt had to be extended because of the abundance of

Topics discussed by students centered on roorrt rate Itich and tui-
tiort increases. According to SASU Organizing Director Bruce Cronin.
the trustees wcrc urged not to propose further rate hikes or spending
cuts rrrrtil tltc state btrdgcl is approved. so that a nrore effective lobby-

Cronin would trot say whether ire felt Chancellor Wharton 
dclibcrately scheduled the hearing just prior to Thanksgiving in an cf-
l'ort to minimize student participation. He rtotcd. however. that tltc sc-
corrd open hearing is scheduled for December 17 (during Finals Week).
the third will be held durittg Easter vacation. and the fourtlt is slated

In addition. Wharton is now urging the legislature to lower the
amount of hearings reqtrircd front four to two. said Cronin. Whar-
ton's official reason is “lack of student participation."

According to Cronin. the hearings are an important tool in showing
student solidarity and in nraking trtrstees aware of student concer_n_sJ

represented by one faculty member
and one student.

English Professor Tlrorrtpsorr lit—
llcficld and Senate liaison Mark
Lafayette spoke in favor of main-
tairrirtg tltc status quo.

Math Professor Malcolm Sher-

j

 

man and student Drrvc Pologc sup-
ported the position that faculty
have it separate or perhaps decisive
voice on ccrtrtirr rtrnttcr's.

Atmospheric Science Professor
Harold Hamilton and WCI)“ disc
jockey Mark Stone spoke in favor
of elirttirrating or reducing sttrdcrrt
involvcrrrcrrt on tltc Senate.

The Panel asking qucstiorrs and
monitoring audience questions was
madc up of SA President Strc Gold.
SA Supreme Court Chief Justice
lirrrd Rothbaum. Senate Corrtrttittce
Chair Kendall Birr and Edtrcatiorr
Professor Muur'itl. Johnson.

continued on page thirteen

Private Colleges Fight State Law

    

u;

said. “One o'clock is when this
closes. and when I usually begin to
study."

Jtrrrior John Johnson said Ire,
too. was pleased with tltc qtrict. but
that the cafeteria wasn't open long
enough. And Andy Bracco. also a
junior. said. “They rttukc it hard
enough to cut down there — now

sur'd."

Kanes explained that the class
will be conducted by rt rcgrrlar
faculty member for the first third of
tltc scrncstcr. lonesco will take part
in five \cssions of FRE 499 and I’RE
582 front March l7—3I.

lorrcsco will hold debates. discus-
sions and regular office hours.
Future \isitor's will stay for one
rrrorrtlr but lorrcsco is only available
to tltc University for two and a half
weeks. Ktrrrcs csplaincd. He said
lorrcsco will hold a public lecture on
March 27 where simultaneous
translation will be provided.

 

Scuttle lluson Mrtrk Lafayette
Spoke in favor of retaining status qua.

 

Claim Discrimination

by Wayne I’eereboom

The constitutionality of a state
law which regulates lobbyrttg will be
tested irt federal court by a coalition
of private colleges in New York
State.

Tire Commission on Irtdependertt
Colleges and Universities (CICU)
claims that :1 I977 law. which re-
quires registration of lobbyists and
their clients, is in violation of First
Amendment rights. CICU contends
that the law discriminates against
private colleges since they are re-
quired to register wltilc SUNY and

CUNY are cxempt as “Agents of
the State."

SUNY/Central Spokesperson
Dick Gillntan said that “lobbying
really doesn’t apply to us because
we're always exchanging informa-
tion with otltcr (state) agencies as
well as tltc legislature.” Gillntan ad-
ded that “this university is
historically exempt from lobbying
law.”

Gillmurt admitted that there has
always been a “certain sense of
competition" between State and

studying on Alumni Quad.
S/ttdy spot reopened fol/owing student input.

feel the CICU case would harm

as lobbyists
-"professional standing as academic
leaders." Reilly. however. stated
that UUP engages
~“frankly and openly" when vying
for state funds. “We don’t feel our
reputation is smeared (by lobby-
ing)." he added.

?

tuft its ‘. ...
Photo: Shem Cohen

it's hard to study."

Cohen said he hoped all the com-
plaints could be ironed out. and
that tltc cafeteria would become
self-enforcing. “I just Itope that
kids are ntaturc enough to take the
cue from diclrard studiers. and to
keep the cafeteria a quiet place to
work." he said.

lorrcsco does not speak English.

Karrcs called tltc project “a uni-
quc program. tltc only one irt tltc
country.“ Tire French celebrities
are interested because the program
is “an attractive tlting. nrtd not too
demanding on their time." Kancs
said.

The courses in which lorrcsco will
be participating are only offered in
the French Department. according
to Kancs. He added that the
Theatre Department will probably
be staging one or ntorc of Ionesco’s
plays dtrrittg his visit.

continued on page nine

I’hulo: MIIL llnleL

private schools. btrt declined to say
wltether he felt the suit arose from
that competition.

John H. Reilly of the United r
University Professions (UUP). a
union which includes SUNY faculty
said “We (UUP) lobby but receive
no special benefit” from the con-
tested law. Reilly said he did not

future lobbying efforts by UUP.

CICU also claims that registering
harms their

In politics

 

 

 

 

