_ .

.J-wy 1': rprrvzv

I.“ .:W m...“

J ..wva/

u\

‘ TOpus ' "

 

In
E Flat »
Hi nor

The window was up and the cool twilight

breeze carried out the discordant. mangled.
and disembodied voices from the street below.
He Inhaled a long. smooth stream of nicotine
from his disintegrating cigarette. Carelessly. he
fondled it between his yellowed fingers staring
at the two very still birds on the telephone
wires outside his window. As he exhaled, the
twirling column of smoke rose to the-expan-
ding gray cloud above him. When' the
cigarette was exhausted he let It drop to the
floor ioInIng other burnt-out dreams.
He had spent the day. as he had spent most
of his days. In bed. naked and smoking con»
tinuously. And listening to the voices through
the walls. Unanswered voices of old men. soit
melodies irom young girls. breathless vibra-
tions from lovers. impassioned pleas from
weary mothers; he listened ior them and knew
them. knew them all very well. No whisper
could go unheard. no sigh could pass un~
caught by his prowling ears. All day long. At
night he might sleep If he could alter walking
silently through the dark. still, noisy streets.

This night he decided to skip dinner and he\
rose early. Casually he slid his two pale. bony
legs into a pair of baggy pants. He coyered his
bent. bloodless torso with an old plaid' shirt.
He didn't bother to wash or shave. Closing the
window he smelt the torrid stench of hot
steaming strong coffee working Its Way up

The
Queen
of
Lebanon

“Das right. Daaas right. You is all lost lest
you liEiSL’n to me. you hear. I have been
usuurpcdl And (le wrath a' Crowd be on~yo'all
heads les'n you get me back on nry throne.
Now do you hear?" The okl wuman lifted her
head regally above an imaginary flock of
devotees. Her deep brown eyelids fluttered
and her wrinkled hand. held high. gestured to
the masses as ii she could start the revolution
by waving It. "i shall be your queen again. rrry
beloved people. We shall i~iill our destiny."
But the Fiith Avenue crowd passed her by
witlrottt more than a quick backward glimpse
and a sneer.

“Get a load of her malesty." Said Murry to
himseli. Murray used to work in a garage on
New Utrecht Avenue. bttt after he got laid all
he took to the habit oi wandering around (Ten
tral Park. especially In the Palace l lotel.

They had kicked hlrn out a few weeks ago
becath they caught him lounging aroitrrd one
oi the private entertaining rooms with the high
ceilings and chandeliers  naked nyrrrr'rhs on
the Wall that iclt liktl velvut and smelled like
pL'I'ilIIrlt’. an expeirsivg kind lie used‘to walk
around and sec women. lailit's lIr long gowns.
one It‘ll visible through a discrch slit up to llli‘
knee just enough thigh peeked through to
make your mouth drool. biit not enough to
think you could grab her by the iarrrry and it
would be ok. Murray smiled at the thought oi
that.

The Palace. Man. to lay up there even ior a
night. cat that real rich lood. champagne. he
thought. the good llie. ilrc soit touch. What a
dliierence irotrr llii’ grime oi Brooklyn.

Murray liked to pass the time talking to the
hack drivers about all the celebs —- names that
to liltn were just items on the Post's Page Six

'aStrotrottt or a

 

 

from the Turkish restaurant down the block.
Sounds of a city night washed upon him.

iWavcs flowing and bouncing around lighted

corners were soaked with the music oi a thou-

iany's‘ and gobble the glitter. his big eyes
reilccted back to him. Diamonds. pearls. what
long creamy necks must hold those necklaces.
'I‘herr he'd go over to i“.A.O. Schwartz and
think about all those crappy games he had as a
kid. I’op Yer Top and model Ford Mustangs.
I-ie Would have died ior a mechanical
scaled-for-a-ten-yearbld
dr'agster

It was a sad day when Aber'chrornbie and
illicit closed their doors. Murray was heading
over to the Russian Tea Room to chat with the

,rloor man and see ii any stars were inside.

Usually lllL‘ doorman would chose him away.
but today he came prepared with a filth oi
bourbon. lie felt like listening.

“Watch where you're goin'. Mac." said But»
rric. a husky man with a pot belly and a iactI
red as a beet. aiter Murray nearly ran into hinr
licrrric muttered a curse lottd enough ior Mtrr
ray to heat. but neither trrarr stopped Look at
all this iilth. Rernk- thought as he stepped ovcr
a sprawled ottt drnrrk whose pants were soak
cd. Damn liberals. Bernie thought. why can't
they shut up and let nature take its. coin-c?
Then all this illtlr cluttering the streets could be
dumped in tlu- liast Rivvi. And the bums oti
williarc would be forced to work for a living
The strong should he the ones iree to get
stronger and ii the weak stay weak they should
be taken care oi. because they're hokliirg the
rest oi us back, goddarnit.

Bernie worked as a security guard ll.
Bloomlrrgdales. ioirr til closing. He got to his
locker and put on his urriiornr. They made
him take oii his “Screw Iran" button. but he
had It on the Inside oi his lapel for his own
sake.

 

   

 

 

sand thoughts. They followed him to a candy
store next to the Turkish restaurant where he
bought a newspaper and held It, preclously.
under his arm. A young Arab boy stood In a

 

He took his post near the exit by the
Ctrsrrictics section. It amazed him. day alter
day to see all those iatrcy rich broads spend a
fortune on )urrk. l'le sneered at them. bui
nevcr openly: all these sophisticated snobs
who nevvr knew the sweat oi working for a
brick. Thom. with their Alcapoco tans and
Studio 54 get ups. who are they trying to im—
press? He lived ior the day when he could
catch (tllt' of these sell-righteous interiors steal-
ing. Let lilrrr catch one oi tlrt'm "ladies slipp-
ing a scar‘i or a sash into her bag and i’ow.
lle‘d come down on her. Cooly. politely
escort the dear to tlril security oiiice. Then a
thorough it’isking. Let thcm know the meaning
oi intimidation lt Wtrttltl damn well make his
day. lieririt’ llllt'l't'tl a hit and two girls from
Roslyn. Long Island spoilt-d him and giggled
at him. licrrrie llillit‘tl even redder than a bet-t.

 

 

and turned towards the Show department

The girls went ovcr to lllt' cosrrrctit's counter
and looked (th‘l' tlrt' (‘liiriitite litre oi make up
Marsha had on lltt' Sassoons while Monica.
being more subtle. worn Ann Kit-ins.

Somctlring’mrrte was needed. thought Mar
sha “What do you think?" she asked her
ir‘iend while looking lit the mirror at the
Smokey Amethyst over her Icit L'_V\‘

Monica I't'lllt'lltllt‘ii'tl Junior High. Marsha's
new dress. Martha's trip to lilorrdir. Marshal.
Iroyirtt-nds l.veryllririg had always gone Mar
sha's way. “Try the l’crriwirilde Blue. it might
bring out your was better." While she remain
ed in the wings Marsha took the spotlight.
Who was she anyway. some king oi queen
who thought lllU world owed her sorrrethlng”

Marsha skilliitlly applied the light blue blush
to her right eyelid. She caught a glirirpse oi her
friend in the mirror. Such a cold stare. she

 

 

 

Stuart Mlatranga’

Page 101

 

narrow alley between the restaurant and the
candy store. The boy called him over. He
went. The boy took out a small black pistol.
He said some words in Arabic. then he
repeated himself In English, "Good buy. man.
Gun. Seventy-five cent. Cheap. Come on."
The man had no money and walked away
irom the pleading boy. Leaving the alley he
passed a tall bearded man in a turban. The tall
man grabbed the little boy and threw him into
a row of garbage cans. The boy leaped tip and
with the agility of a cat sprang out Into the
shadows. The thin man went back into the
alley and picked up the iorgotten gun. He
lodged It in the folded paper.

Coming home he passed a bus stop. Two
fat Women were sitting. waiting for the bus.

“1 think you better think about It." said the
older one. I

“i told you before it doesn't matter to me.
please." said the younger one. 3

"Uh. that's what you say now. but in twenty'
years. you'll come to me and it'll be a different
story." the older one said.

“Oh can't you understand. 1 know. 1 know.
You understand. You've seen It all before but

“Buts, no buts. Look deal. I think i know
what I'm talking about . . ." r

"Dear God! This woman is killing me." said
the younger one watching a cluster of moths
attack the street lamp.

But then he was too far.

It was the deepest part of the night. He,
walked to his building. He fell down a well. a
deep well of silence as he ascended the stairs.
Coming to his door he heard a low groaningl
but It was only the old man In his sleep. Hls'
room was dark and quiet. Carefully, he open-
ed the window. it softly screamed as the wood
scraped the Wood. He unfolded the.
newspaper on the bed and cradled the black
revolver in his spindly hand. Casually and
unhesltatlngly he raised the barrel of the gun
to his temple and pulled the trigger. Everyone
heard the shot. 0.

__i

thougt. l’oor Monica. always envious oi
anyone with a little more beauty and class than
she had. Well tsk tsk ior her. Marsha thought.
and decided to buy both shades. mostly to In»
furiale Monica. ’ '
"Good." Monica said as Marsha took out
her credit card. And they remained silent as
they walked out of the Lexington Avenue exit.
The day was ending and swarms oi eager
people iled oliice buildings charging towards
subway tunnels. ()n a corner a small crowd
gathered. Marsha and Monica. though tired.
were drawn to the commotion. An aged black
woman wearing a green turban and a green
dress was dancing and singing in some mad
ritualistic irenny. ller' arms swung wildly and
it-rkiirgly ller hands held ordinary sticks. yet
she wielded them like swords. llcr iibberish,
hoarst- and guttcr'al. was incomprehcnsible.
bttt sometimes she'd shout snippets of broken
t-nglislr “Ilas right. Daaaaas right." sht-
repeated with a creaky litllc laugh Monica
turncd to Marsha "Who is she". she asked
and (rilL' lip citrlcd irorrr the pristine oi coniu
sion and contempt sht- it’ll. A smartly dressed
woman holding a br‘lt‘it'ast' and looking like
she Jiter Slt'ppt'tl out oi .r Harvey's Bristol
Cream commercial said. "‘vlit".‘~ rust an old
lunatic. She calls Irvrscli the Queen oi
Lebanon " Willi that the sophisticated lady
shrugged lit-t tweed Shoulders and stihrriergt'd
into llli‘ lNl). Marsha and Monica looked at
each other. lit the midst oi a lastly dispersing
crowd the Queen oi Lebanon prattlt-d and
pranced and ill‘i)|)l1t'~l¥t’(l. "I will rule again
someday." titrtll lllL' blur.I lllt'll escourted her
royal liighness away. .
And some wise guy turned to the cop and
said. “Long live the queen." o

 

 

 

 

 

Maw“ mums—.... . ... ...— .7”..-

 

hook G:
We [Fridoyil

11a

Diver-lone '

.. _.,, ..c......v,-  “...-.. . . . ~ ... ,u...m...trumne'tesoma".  ' . a. .1: ' ...

 

l
U I

 

Aspects

teneert

LB. Scott’s
Jan. 21
Jan. 22
Jan. 23
Jan. 24
Jan. 25
Jan. 26, 27
Jan. 30
Jan. 31
Feb. 3
Feb. 6
Feb. 9

corner' ' «

Count Basie

' 805

David Johansen
Edgar Winter
Crystal Ship
Units

XTC. Fingerprinz
Robert Gordon
Danko. Butterﬁeld Band
N.Y. Flyers

Sam & Dave

 

 

Movie Timetable

t 2 J 4 5 6
rcr vs. Kramer
tric Horseman
k lltrlc

critter ilutrt

er lloogie
ky Ilorrnr i’icturc Straw

llcllrriun

7
u: in Style

llstrrt
mill 1 louse

Colonic

7:00. 9:10
7:10. 9:40
7:25. I):25

 

7:00. 9:20

71.10.9130

7210.9:15

7:00. 9:15

a
Rose

'l'tm Itl.‘
Trek

Irmk Mitll
irrcr vs. Kramer

7215.9:45

7:00. 9:30

7:.lil. ‘J:.lt)

‘ The logic Puzzle

by Howard P. Alvlr. Ph.D
THREE BOOKS FOR THE PHYSICALLY ACTIVE
ADULT: Wake Up. Witt. and Wind Down

‘l'hrec books have interesting itrcssagcs and subtitles.
littch one challenges you to get more out of each minute of
yotrr lii'e.

Frill/I rIivfo/lotrrr’rtr: t‘lllm, can you mulch author. title.
.tu/Ilr'llc, [lll/l/i.\/lt'l‘, mid the trul/ror'x [)mfm'simt?

I. Arranged alphabetically by author’s name. the books
iil‘L‘: lst. WINNING 'I'l-ll: LOSING liA'l" .13; erd, the one
published by 1.ippirreott which was not written by at family
counselor or by a pri/e winnc 3rd. ier one subtitled A
COMPUTER |ll-"l'\\'|ii:N 'l‘llii EARS.

2. Clue one used either the first or last name of each
author.

.1. Art airtzctl trttrrrerically by the number of words itr caeli
subtitle. the hooks are: N. $1.1:lzl’ LESS. [.lVl-l MORE;
End. the one published b_\' Simon & Scltuster which was
\\ritlcrr neither by lirerctt Mattlitr nor by lidit l.cSlran; 3rd,
the book \HlllL‘ll by a family counselor who was not named
Nancy Lope/ and \\I1t\\L' book “as not subtitled A 1101.1)
NI \\' Mlz'l’llOl).

4. (‘lnc three arranged the books by number either in
itsceiidirnz or in tlesccirdiiip order.

5. lil)ll(‘A'|l()N ()l‘ A WOMAN UOLI-Iilt was not
published by ('towcll. not run it \tilillilL‘tl WHY l WILI.
Nl'.\’l‘1{ lll- l‘/\'l AGAIN.

(r. Strangely errotrylr. $1 lilil’ HESS. LIVIE MORE win

 

 

 

CD
arm 1

What’s
Happening
lull and 9| Fl‘l

present

The Jerry
caret a Band

Wednesuay,
Fen. I3 8:00 l’l'l
at the Palace
TI execs

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

« '« i ' 7: 5 :00
Tallllinuumn ﬁlglglﬁ not \triiteir by a mirea/inc editor.   
3 II 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
40 Ceremonial robes 9 Singerractor
15 15 ACROSS 42 "Just the facts. .iotin —
1 Auto jaunt ——-" 10 Right-angle
13 19 b Enthusiasm 43 Creme dc —— extension
ﬂtaritime nranaces M Unlisted securities 1] Oldtirrre astress front
22 P3 14 Dance of the (alrbr. Scotland (2 wds.) . N z I . I
" Sixties 45 Road substance 12 Manufacturer ... . u: ,- .
i'a Mrs. Niel: Charles 46 Pass by 13 “Massachusetts. n ‘ " ’
25 26 16 Moiratrriredan deity 51 Contiiunlcntions there —"  
17 Suffix for clear device (abbr.) ?i Memorizle lireintio 1 .
7 28 29 30 or appear 5? Theatrical display l'iltrr P wtis.
2 iii — fall 55 Harvesting machine 21? So one up on o   '0'
1‘) "— Seeing You." ‘.r7 War god Bil Crossings
32 33 34 35 193R song 51} Pesky insect. 79 "Nevermore" bird m i
20 lrtio from the 59 Nickname for Esther 3i) Rrrce~car driver
37 3g grapevine 60 Alfred of the Yar‘bor'uuglt m a 
23 —— longer. vita theater 31 (live birth (3 wds.) __
40 41 trrevis El Gallop 32 Struirtrry .T y 'i' c Mle M A M12]
24 Miss Mason 62 Cut. the lawn again 33 Violent upheaval ‘ C p AIL A 1 "10115 I M IINI
43 25 Nonsense 63 Backdrops 34 Ptrysictst's concern c .l MA w B r R R Y n A O N n
26 Illuminated 64 Cash register 35 Grapefruit ‘ o 2 A ,. I A ( O S 3 S M
45 46 47 48 49 J P7 Conrail a law- inventory 41 Certain believan “ T—-t~(
eniorcnrrrcnt error 43 Month after Iivril ‘ V Lil R R A
30 "Your Show of Shows" DOWN 45 Lost on purpose N l: A l: D It V 0 D E R _
52 53 54 5...,— a7 mu of Saxon ‘ 0 -r- it] s A o N It o_j.
31 Like the U.S. 1 burst. of activity flit Rocky Mountain w H I L Y c U w E E 0 U
56 57 5. legislature ? —— City. Oklahoma evergreen EN 0 E L S 5 mo T
35 Heathen 3 tiring upon oneself 4‘) Scenic view N o T I A .l. L A p S E D
60 36 Male orre's tiny fl Sumt- U.tl. vetoes 50 —- Park. Colorado A‘ N ; R I I
17 Prefix: of birds Er lloard at. Orly 53 Test answer ) -  ‘
Tilt l‘or‘trayer of 6 Knowledge 54 Monthly payment  M I ll 1. H It I. E 1i  0
63 Charlie Chan 7.1mm: native 56 li— . and 'r r: i. L s i I t. i E 111 s
39 City in Sit illinuis H [tit-It Gltrirons. 0.9. sometimes Y N 0 v N 0]] s = c It , t.
isiN rt Gilt SP 1. 0

© Edward .lui ius

Collegiate iiW75l‘Jit

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Trivia Time

by Vincent Alello

Iris week TRlVlA'TlME has
ldcd to visit THE CITY. Troy.
\' York that is (only kiddingl).
course we nrettn New York City.
here is your chalice to see how
‘lr you know about the Big Ap-
(lood luck!

) What is New York's ranking
rig largest cities in tlic world?

I What was Staten Island
ticrly ctrlled‘.l

) What is the second largest
it(rti|r (in ict’tri‘. ot‘ poplilttlitrtt) in

V ‘l

What is the oldest University in
.('.'.’ I

\\lirrt ix Nun York's rarrkirii:
“t’ III-ititllitt'ltil‘ltttt center a in the
'l

r . . .

\\ ltiii birildiiii: 1‘. located oit
lhttcct \\‘llt'lL‘ lirotnlwzn' crimes
lr .Mentrc'.’

“ho is the \liililt‘ ol' in litncu
ttrc.’

\\'lr.tt Nev.
idcd Itl lilSl'.‘
, I . ‘ .
\\ lltll r\ the litt'gmt borough (in

\‘otl papr'i \\.t\

“A‘-lutzmu¢I..-_.‘--‘¢u-«

    

lcl'lll‘r oi popniitlioni ltr Ni .(‘."

Iii) lion rrrrnir ix ilrc itrrrmi ..m
unliiritrrn Icc .II the lt‘jal chitin. oi
.l.ttolr\ and .\l‘.ct .‘.'

Write tloutt torti .tirMct.
lttt' ilrcnr to It
Mirridzrt. -\|l \ittliit'h \‘-rll tctcrt‘c .r
i'rcc pctmnzrl in Ilrc .‘thl’

Word Search

by Vincent Aieilo
This week's W()Rl) SIZARCII con-
tains the answers to this week's
.' W TRIVIA TIMI) Answers are going In

all directions So. (iood Lurk!

M C () ii A N I' I‘ Q
A T l M I; S 0 |. U
N i) W N Y (T U A E
II N N l \' ( R T if
A l l. t) N (i T l N
I’I’ U ii /\ M T 11 R S
’I' l' R l (‘ 11 Y () A
i, it it I II T (7 N ii
N (I () I. U M Ii l A
ii R () (t l\’ i Y N lt‘

Write doun )tlttl‘ answers and hi-
my them to ('t .li-i b) i put. on
\Ion-in r\|l \Klltttt‘lx will retchc a
tlL'l pctwnrrl in ilrc .‘l.‘i/'.

.tlltl ltr
it.i in ‘1 pm Hit

 

 

 

BI Ilboard
SI nsles

1. Rock Willi You Michael

Jackson

3. Do That To Me One More Time
Captain and 'l‘cnillc

Ii. Iiscape - Rupert l‘loltrtes

4. Coward oi the County ~ Kenny

Rogers

5. Send One Your Love

WUlltlt’t

(r. Cruisin'

7. W0 Ilon'l Talk Arryrrrort'

Rl('lirtiLl

ii (Ira/v l.iitlt'5l'lriirg Called Love

Queen .

(I. I’It'asir Iloll'l (in

Silli'vltlllt‘ Ilartd

lit Cool Change

liand

Stevie

Smokey Robinson
(Tliii

KC anti the

l.lltlt‘ River

l'ast Moving Singles. Crazy little
llriirg i Xrllr'd Low, I on] lit the limit.
Why Me. Longer. Vortus.
Horrtcitrln'r Morn, Another lirrrk m
llit Wall Hn tlrr' liadro

 

- ~ urn-WM..- "1":‘ﬁiﬁrr‘.

cw ‘rr.

 

.. .....mmmu w.

’5 '0’ Ten
Albums

1. The Wall —~ Pink Floyd

2. On the Radio —- Donna Summer
3. The Long Run — Eagles

4. Bee Gees Greatest Hits —— Bee
Gees /

5. Darrin the Torpedoes — Tom
Petty and the Heartbreakers

6. Journey Through the Secret Lite
ol Plants »- Stevie Wonder

7. Kenny w Kenny Rogers

8. ()ii the Wall —— Michael Jackson
0. (..‘orrn'rstone u Styx

lit Tusk Flvetwood Mac

Ibisl Moving Albums lrvi-dorn at
l‘oirit Zero, Night in the litll‘r. l.i\/t'
Rust. H‘t'ptr'irrbcr Morn llinl‘. Side of
the Moon.

.. ...,r...........t. .... . e Rwﬁﬁ‘trttﬁixe

 

