 

 

 

 

x
r
r

 

Let them call me rebel and welcome, I [eel
no concern from it,- but I should suffer the
misery of devils were i to make a whore of,
my soul.

— Thomas Paine

he movement rolled

through like a mid-

mornlng San Francisco

fog. and should you ever

spend time In the region,

' you’ll know exactly what

this means. “in like a lion, out like a lamb."

One needs only to recall this past winter‘s

SUNY Bookstore sit-in to understand. Or

the never-ending drive to halt swelling tuition

costs; efforts which have crumbled to sand In
the long run.

Rib Harber

Look at the 1960's. A bitter anti-war op-
position that eventually buried the much
hated draft. We take a lengthy victory nap
and, our backs turned. the draft begins to
creep up.

Each time we are faced with the painful
realization that life's causes and struggles,
like the fog. have that sad way of burning
out; long before their lofty goals are attained
and established.

But the movements are not always at
fault; too many times they're up against sky-
high barriers. without the tools needed to
make the climb.

 

W ,
And the mighty sun will extinguish the
weakened log, in preparation [or the descenv
ding night.

But if you've ever experienced the San
Francisco Bay. then you also know that the
mist will return, with strength anew. to begin
another day.

That's what makes the locale so unusual
and enchanting; and perhaps this is what
brought your narrator—of-sorts over three
thousand miles to Berkeley.

in retrospect. my memory blurs. Registra~
tton and the ensuing movement against It hit
America with the impact of a brick. No one,
not the media, not the fighters, nor the sup-
porters had the time or the information to
grasp its implications. The brick was taken
back and here we are; a bit shaken,
somewhat confused, perhaps a little wiser,
but still lacking information and understan-
ding. Only our government may hold those
answers. but the data isn’t available.

it took a summer to learn that even a mass
reaction in Berkeley could not gather the

The any I. hatch-d.

For the" first time since Richard Nixon
finished the terminal chapter of the Vietnam
Experience. the specter of the draft is with us
again. Although the bill Jimmy Carter signed
into law last July only allocated funds for a
registration, decades of history are quick to
remind us that there has never been a sign-
up without a resulting draft. And. it can be
said. there has never been a draft without a
war following closely behind.

The logic is clear — each step brings us
that much closer to the next —— and if a
generation is registered, trained, and ready,
chances are greater that the government will
opt to use them in times of strife.

This time around it was Jimmy Carter
who, faced with reelection and a strong
challenge from a right-winged opponent,
swiftly brought military conscription back into
the American mainstream.

And with the flourish of Mr. Carter's pen,
scores of anti-draft groups swiftly arose In
major cities across the country. Numerous
ideologies and differing plans could be cited
In many, but one basic notion was at the root
of them all: no registration. no draft. no war,
no way.

And as greyer and long since scattered ac-
tivists sounded their final detached yawirs.
the American Civil Liberties Union scoured
off dusty files of data which had aged con-
siderably since their use in the 'Nam con-
troversies. Within days the Union. and
several other legal groups. opened a series of
lawsuits against the US. government. These
cases. challenging the registration's constituv
tIonalIty in regard to women. involuntary
servitude, and age discrimination. will soon
see the Supreme Court.

And Berkeley, haven for countless alter-
native newspapers. alternative minds. and
political clans for and against most con-
ceivable issues. (i.e., Reagan For Shah
Committee. Save The insects Party) did not
waste time in entering the new arena.

it didn't take this writer long to spot the
groups creating friction for the renewed
registration for they had already taken to the
streets. the parks. and the campuses as early
as May.

Welcome to the left

There were probably some forty or fifty
Bay area organizations In all. and l'd say half
were ‘legit'. By this harsh. and quite per-
sonal judgment 1 signify that opposition to
registration and other war-like moves were
their primary. not secondary, concerns. The
others were a fascinating. yet often frighten-
ing hodgepodge of Moonie, Marxist, Trot-
skyish. Revolutionary Communist, Young
Spartacus. and other loud off-beat leftist
mutineers. These clubs (except the moonles

 

“The tools to scale the wall were buried within each
eighteen and nineteen year old male."

 

 

tools. To register or not to register had to be
a swift and iiighiy personal decision based on
the information each could scrounge up.
The tools to scale the wall were buried in
each eighteen and nineteen year old male
And what they did or failed to do with these
tools can make for interesting reading

So with this iii mind. it was only natural
that the movement would come to a grinding
halt. at least for now. after the cards were
stacked away. The media, too, took off in
other directions.

Only the talk remained, in homes. in
taverns, on streets, on empty college cant
puses, in ail-night coffee shops over wartti
wine and cappuchino. What more could one
do, but chat. watch, and wait. for news on
what is actually in store for a new generation
of teenagers.

And as for now. mid September. this
writer Is certain of one thing only. Registra-
tion came in as a lion posing as a lamb. The
US. received a massive list of conscripts,
and whatever the actual resistance, most
youths felt It was not something to be overly
concerned about. We have certainly pro-
cured a larger, more diverse army, should
the future find need to call on it.

who simply stood around and smiled an
awful lot) tended to be rather abrasive, agr
gressive, and intolerant of other realms of
thought; in short, they used the draft as a
means toward latent political goals, such as
an eventual bioodhatli (as srlilh' of them
write) and overthrow of the capitalist ar-
rangement (and they claim to oppose Wilt-
like moves). These folk could hardly he
avoided on all Berkeley street corners,
engaging iii vocal liemrirorhngos over the
political Climate in ‘Zigaditch' or
‘Ohrrrynoscitch' or other popular hang-outs
of draft-age American youth. in the anti-
draft process, a whole new generation of
young people is learning the lingo of the left.
and how to sort out who’s for real.

Most of the efforts of the more 'teasonable'
groups were centered oii hundreds of post
offices In the area; heavy leaflcttirig concern
ing options, counseling. and rap groups;
trying to slow down the swift kids on their
way In to answer the six brief questions.

Parent groups, senior citizens (aka the
Grey Panthers). veterans, children.
students. politicians, minority leaders. and
even postal workers could be spotted.
Blocs of the American social structure seem-

ed well represented. And then there were '

the draft-age kids. of course, in assorted
shapes, colors, and sizes. the only group in
the nation ordered to make a sacrifice; a
generation one army general once had the
gall to label "old enough to fight, not old
enough to complain."

But they and others had a different
message for the general. and those who
thought like him — and hundreds of them
brought It to Jack London Square in
Oakland. where James Earl Carter was br-
inging his show to town.

Dear Jimmy,

A reception with local politicians and a
blessing of a new navy vessel — and four
hundred uninvited visitors.

Roped off alongside the curb. the
demonstrators didn't receive the Oakland
Police. Secret Service, nor the riot squad all
too well. The problem was that the men kept
fencing the mob in like students on a model
SUNYA bus journey. The crowd was shrill
and tense as they arrived in anticipation of
the president.

At one point, a loud murmur caught my
attention. and l soon learned that it was due
to the arrival of a well known 1960's
Berkeley activist named Stony Burke. Thir-
tyish, and clad in a grey suit. derby hat and
black loafers, Stony typified new-wave
rocker Elvis Costello. Perhaps Elvis may
have copied Stony,

The crowd's attention shifted with the ar-
rival of the White House Press bus.
Demonstrators leaned over one another to
stare with a quiet curiosity as the 'biggies' of
the national media, gear and all, appeared to
stroll somewhat single-file into the reception
hall.

But the scene was just too much for Stony
Burke.

“Hey medial" it was loud. crisp. and
highly audible.

“Down on your knees media, down on
your knees and get off the president like you
usually do! "

A dozen or so journalists turned sharply.
A few shouted back. Three secret service
men dashed toward Stony but several pro-
testors had formed a solid chain between the
dark suits and the nervy activist. Many were
laughing hysterically, while others proclaim-
ed, "First Amendment, Freedom of
Speech".

"Just cool It," said an agent. grey suit,
dark sunglasses, earphone engaged. He
looked like Maxwell Smart, especially while
chewing gum.

“Don't tell me to cool anything," Stony
quipped. “l’m here because i love people.
God knows what brought you here."

Burke's comment to the media. though
quite severe, raised some interesting
thoughts in this mind. Many of the journalists
seemed bored, and many are. Ordered by
their editors to follow Carter from dawn to
dusk, city to service station, throughout the
campaign. marry find themselves swallowing
any political hatshit handed them on press
releases. it's less. effort spending and little
coiisurriiirg than a thorough research job.
Not all do this. btit 'IidCl’t' journalism cart turit
ambitious fellillll‘l'h into a candidate's
lllL‘llItijiilll‘u.

(iii llii‘ August edition of the Columbia
tlourriufisrrr ITI.‘i)lI‘tU, you can fitid a piece on
how the press hm. ilt‘i‘ll gulpiiig f‘ieiittigori
press sheets Wllilitlll si taping lift! srrrfrii't' Ull
defense issues )

Could the pres» he collectively buying lill.‘
Whito House draft issue? I Would care not to
believe so, but Stony is certain.

"You have to speak tip and lay it on the
line at these occasions, level with them,"
Stony had said "You can't just stand around
like I‘ll impressionable moron and watch
them stop all over you 7— giving an occa-
sional boo or hiss."

A half hour before the president‘s motor-
cade arrived, Tire Revolutionary Communist
Party marched. carrying effigies of both
Carter and the Soviet's Brezhnev. The
Reagan Fm Shah people were there too,
decked 0th like new-wave clowns. They
were Skirting up prospective members. Tire

WWII real-tor Michael Mlllen
(right) coon-cl. a Berkeley

youth on hlo alternntlvea to »

reglatr-tlon.

‘_ Re
I71. Dr'f'f War

    
 
  
  

Daniel Ellsherg
(left) ope-Isl to I

' Son Francloco
crowd on “securing
a “for world for his
children Ind theirs.”

.a’ns

ﬁrst} tron,

   
   
     
 

  
 
 

riot squad watched both groups carefully; a
force also in costume; cute, light blue slacks
tucked Into their boots. Helmets and clubs
too. Nobody knew what they were expec-

» .tlng. After performing in perfect order and

unison on mean Harley Davidson's, they
rode off In pairs of two. The crowd enjoyed
the exhibition. and showed It with Nazi
salutes to the forehead and German slogans.

. The squad didn’t seem to mind.

Spotting the presidential press secretary
across the street, some demonstrators began
chanting. “Draft Jody Powell. Draft Jody
Powell." Hearing his name, Carter's dapper
assistant sauntered across the street to talk
with the protesters from the Students and
Community United Against the Draft and
The Berkeley Anti-Draft Association
(BADASS).

“I'm too old to be drafted." he joked, try-
Iiig to shake hands. Brit the demonstrators
weren't about to be satisfied with that
remark. Tliey began questioning him about
the use of the draft to defend oil company
profits in the Middle East. As the chants of
"No draft ~ we won't go for Texaco" Inteii
sifted. Powell made a speedy retreat to the
safety of his limousine.

As In the days when Lyndon Johnson
could not leave the White House without be-
ing met by a demonstration, the anti-draftins
didn't seem to be interested iii dialogue
with the president. They wanted registration
stopped, and the message was earsplittiiig
as the president arrived at Jack London
Square. Fianked on all sides by secret service
men. Carter managed to avoid various flyiirg
objects. The screams and chants \‘Jtltt.’
thunderous, and this writer blushed iii seeing
a president get such a devil's welcome,

Before turning into the reception hall, the
president beamed and waved, Scores of
third fingers seemed to go up in unison and I
can remember feeling a little sick.

Long after the rally had ended, the presi»
dent off to Portola Valley (where he was met
by more demonstrators), Stony Burke crime
charging out of the reception hall raving
about free food and drink. And while the re»
maintng police dashed over to refuse en-
trance. i managed to sneak in for a look.
While gazing at a huge yellow banner pro«
claiming OAKLAND WELCOMES JIMMY
CARTER, a suited and well-mannered
political type crawled over for a sniff. He had
on a name-tag which represented Oakland
Public Utilities. or something of that nature.

“And with what organization are you
from." he whined. -

i gave it a lot of thought and let him have
it.

“Right to Life."

Most of the established local media triade
little mention, If any, of the spectacle at Jack
London Square. As was typical of protest
coverage In the early 1900's, a few
references were made to the unruly factions
of the rally. namely the Revolutionary (Zorn-
munist Party. Most of the photos featured
Carter waving at the crowd (with no crowd
present) ﬁnd the few folks who were spotted
by rtiitrei'nnivii waving back. lfow't. that for
ethics and proper footage?

At the mall sheds

Soon .ifti'i' this mlly and others of the sort,
foi'its shiftin to the post iiffii‘t's Wlit'lt‘
registration wits hiking place. /\I i'vuii/ office
in Berkeley, n lilllll‘ wrth abundant illi'lilllllt’
was plat l‘ll in front, and various tiiill diafiorr.
lititlill’tl throughout fitL‘ pi‘iiiiitws iii munch of
youth to trip with, Their goal was not to t'utr-
viiiiri‘ others to resist; besides lli'lllfj illegal
this is highly uni.- , So they spoke about
alternatives and tried to encourage young
men to hike advantage of free counseling.

 

'Allﬂi drifting through post ltlflCt‘S‘fiil' most of

the two-week period, It Slll'llik‘tl to tire that
they were highly successful in this end.

I recall a t‘UIthll'SdllOII between an anti
draftei‘ and a young black man.

"I fey. it's the law so We got to do it," the
boy told the i’lllll-(il‘iifltlr.

“(Ian l be frank with you?" he N’Diit‘li.

"Shoot."

“Twenty years ago, even less, the ‘Iaw‘
said that you, a black. could not ride on front
of a Southern bus; but a few of your people
decided it wasn't such a great law. So they
broke It. is the law always supreme? The
Nazis also were 'followlng orders'. What
about the treatment of blacks during Viet-
nam? The military is racist — blacks were kill-

- 'ed In greater numbers than whites. So you

see, sometimes you have to decide what you
believe is right and stick to your convictions.
Would you consider some counseling?"

The boy didn't care to anSWer. He tore up
his registration card and sprinted out of the
post office.

Others weren't so quick to open up. I
recall several militant youths who threatened
to beat up a resister if he should try to hand
them any literature.

And there was more
words In Italics)

"No, l'm not with the Unification Church.’

“1 fought In '41, why the hell can't you
go?"

“That was defense. we're talking now
about the projection 0/ power, a whole new

(Protestors'

 

° as The Same A Before, Only Different 1

to open gates In human communication and
education. This direction was rampant in
Berkeley's movement; and It tended to bring
many informed, considerate, and wide-
:ntnded individuals into the foreground.

One of these was Daniel Ellsberg. well
known for his anti-war work and unleashing
of the Infamous Pentagon Papers. Ellsberg
spoke before a crowd of San Francisco
demonstrators in July. reminding them that
"their minds, and bodies do not belong to
the state." He called on all people to “never
end the struggle, because the issues will
always return."

The time [or lctlon in plot, now In
the than for Ion-clean blcherlng

One serious, and quite common problem
that the movement encountered was the in-
ability of all the diverse groups to mobilize lit-
to one when necessary. Fragmentation was
a major dilemma in the early anti-Vietnam
effort too. but by the late 1960's the Issue
had so pervaded and disturbed our society,
that it had actually rolled into one common
effort.

 

 

“What happens when the Russians
come marching up Telegraph

Aven

balfgame. "

“Bullshit. What happens when the Rus-
sians come matching up Telegraph
Avenue?"

"I don't think you understand me, or the
movement. ”

"Oh, i understand. believe me. i really
do."

“Keep up the great work. i fought In the
60's and we're with you all the way.
Beautiful people. Beautiful cause."

"Yr U'lt' probably on welfare."

"Right on, have many been registering?"

“Just a trickle."

A postal worker employed at Berkeley‘s
main branch was fired for refusing to hand
out registration cards. Site had previously
written a letter requesting a different job
assignment. but it was never granted. in-
fluenced by her Quaker background. the
worker told a reporter. "i work for the post
office, not the military. Let them do their
own recruiting."

it was the same argument that provoked
an outcry from the postal worker's union,
and sparked two workers from Los Angeles
to start a lawsuit against the government, a
case which hasn't yet been heard. One
postal employee from Berkeley finished
work each day at three, and proceeded to
march in front with the other demonstrators.

“l've got three beautiful children." he once
told me, and that was enough.

lhnve jult (ll-covered the truth, and
can't understand why everyone Isn't
eager to hear It.

it was at a post office that i had lftL'
pleasure of running into Michael Miifl'll, a
retired psychology professor from Wt‘sleyeir
University and a lender of a Culll'
irrutitty/church/pncifist group of United
Uiiiversalists. Long grey lilllt and a full
beard, Michael resembled the (iicuk.
Socrates. especially in his stark wisdom. low
for humanity. and style of speech.

Feeling that WWII, flitt‘ iiii wins, Could
have been avoided, Michael refused to CUIII'
ply iirggetting it Silitli‘lll deferrtneiit. l'ltiirkitd
out of Harvard University. he spent 1 1/2
years In prison, sometimes the only place left
for a man of such free thought. To not com-
ply iii any way. shape. or form to a system of
mass killing is one of Mr. Mlllen's contrlhir
tiiiris to civilization and the preservation of
cultures. On a mission of a higher Ideal.
Michael and many others like him were len-
ding their compassiou, their insight. and
their effort to make the struggle work.

You will rarely change another's iriiird,
and that shouldn't be one's motive, but to
suggest other realms of thotight, to get one
,to consider such realities as economics,
(greed. political aims. aggression, and more Is

ue?!?"

The Berkeley Anti-Draft Coalition was
perhaps a good example of organized inac-
tion; a typical meeting being an assortment
of quorums, proposals. ‘friendly' amend-
ments, and other bureaucratic devices (all for
a group of less than forty). No one could
speak without being ‘recognized'. the chair~
man was to always be ‘recognized‘, and few
ever recognized that nothing got accomplish-
'ed.

Revolutionary groups, on the other band,
would decide in an Impulse to paint a post
office red. So as you can see. too many
ideologies can weaken a struggle.

AND THE ENVELOPE PLEASE . . .

Actual registration resistance in Berkeley,
as in other cities and towns across America.
may never be fully known, The government
and national anti-draft coalitions have
already released radically different statics (93
percent as opposed to 80 percent, respec
tively). Yet even If the US. government is
correct. that would make for nearly 300,000
"criminals". it doesn't seem possible that
Selective Service could find. much less begin
to proseCUte all these people. Our entire
federal prison system, already overflowing,
now houses close to 30,000 convicts. They
may have to give draft felons an entire state.

in Berkeley, the Central Committee for
Conscientious Objectors, in interviews with
posttnasters and workers. found over 50
percent noncompliance in San Mtiteii
County. Sunontzi, San Diego. and Millill.
they found Siltilfi'tl’ results l’eihnps their
highest findings of a major crty was in Atlan-
ta, Wilt‘it? they claim pnstnl officrals ptit the
fin-ii figure of registrants (If 35,000. Appioxr
imateiy (33.000 men were eligible for draft
registration

But figures. llki‘ llli)\‘\‘lllt’lilh, drafts. and
QltUi’lllilIt'lllS, can he itiisiiurilurg. And \Vt‘
cannot structure or build itlll livt-s (iii any of
them They tend to ft'illl lll\\'illil iht' institu»
lion". sit'piiittti' trends turd liltiillllt‘S. Just like
you and int!

Though opposrtiiin to the thrift hectrrric
quite fashionable this past hlitliltlt'l ~~ as up
armed to twenty or fifty years ago. the anti»
draft movement was [(Nl new. and too slow
to llilltlt‘l‘ the sign-ups in any iiiiinuiise way.
It was in the power and judgment of the in-
dividual ll) determine just how great an army
ive have secured. r

The majority of youths were opposed to
registration. Brit the question before each
conscience was this. “Should I abide by the
law and hope It is changed. or help speed
the change by breaking it?"

And in Berkeley, as In other sites over-
whelmed by a force too big to perceive. the
response was as clear as the fog.

 

 

 

