 

 

 

      

  

 

 

 

 

division nothing is certain and
Potsdam cannot afford a mistake.
"Once you are the champions
then everybody is looking to
dethrone you." said Potsdam
basketball coach Jerry Walsh. “it
isn't like we're playing the same
teams again. Other teams also work
hard. other teams have also improv-
ed. lt's a matter of being prepared,
getting up for every opponent."
'Here are capsule summaries of
the teams:

POTSDAM

The Bears have won the
SUNYAC crown four straight times
and seem to be everybody's favorite
to repeat. Very little has changed on
a team that went 264 last year (91
in SUNYAC) and went to the lirial
eight in the NCAA's before losing to
Longwood College. from Virginia.
now in Division II.

Key Returning Lettermen -
Ten players return from last year's
championship squad including four
starters. Leading the way are
Potsdam's “Dynamic Duo." senior
All-Americans Derrick Rowland and
Ed Jachim.

Rowland. the team's center. was a
first team All-American last year
scoring 497 poitits for a l7.l
average and had 220 rebounds to
lead the team. dachim returns at
point guard where he was named
SUNYAC Most Valuable Player, He
led the Bears in assists (211) and
averaged 13 points per game.

Also. returning is forward Maurice
Woods f2nd team. All‘SUNYAC)
coming off a successful sophomore
year in which he averaged 13.6
points and hauled down 163 re-
bounds. Guard Scott Franko is the
fourth veteran starter and is noted
for his play in the clutch. Welsh will
probably look to senior Dana Mit-
chell as his fifth starter.

Key Lona — The Bears lost only
three players last year. Starting
guard Terry Hunter will be the most
sorely missed. as well as sixth man
Pat Donnelly. Yr

Strength- -- Besides their vast ex-
perience, Welsh feels the team's
strongest points are their pressure
defense and the fast break. He also
cited their bench strength. "We play
11 or 12 players. We substitute more
than most teams." he said.

 

Lille-lineal“ -— None.

1980-81 Basketball Schedule

Friday. Nov. 2|
Saturday. Nov. 22
Wednesday. Dec. 3
Salitrday, Dec. 6
Wednesday. Dec. l0
Sultrrday. Dec. I3
Monday. Dec. 29

Tuesday. Dec. 30

Saturday. Jan. 10

‘ '~ ' - .' ’1 . I ' II *
Cit/1”!” DLV’H’ “MN/")5 I") 2] 0 'Lm a everybody back this year and with a
Tannin/Item. Albme Tuesday, Feb. 24 Cortland” little luck they may be able to move
UN..." .5. Rp/ Friday. Feb. 27 and SUNYAC up this 59350”
. .. . . . Key Returning Leﬂermen -
.~ , . . r ' ~ . t
‘5' S/frl"~h/"/‘I s""""""‘ i eh 28 r'mmumen Three starters return this year for the

Albany

Sunday. Jan. I I

*SUNYAC East Division Game

were 13-10 overall. With a veteran
squad. Cortland should not lose any
ground.

Key ﬂetuming Lettermen —
The big man for Cortland will once
again be senior Jim Meyerdlerks.
The 6-5 forward carried the team
last year with a 20.5 scoring
average. 238 rebounds. and was
named to the All-State Team.

Also returning. and starting. this
year will be Mike Polan. Dan Felder.
Tom Spanbauer and Brian Murphy.
Senior Bob Patch will be the sixth
man on the squad after averaging
7.0 points per game last season in
the same role.

Key Loose- - The Red Dragons
lost three starters this year. Guard
Tom Baez was the team leader in
assists and was the second leading
scorer with 16.6 points per game.
Nick Wharton, the point guard. was
second in assists and had a 10.3
scoring average. Gary Matraw was
second in rebounding on the team.

"The loss of the guards will hurt

the most. “will be up to Spanbauer.

Power and Murphy to fill their shoes.‘

Brockport Tournament
Albany. Rl'l‘. Upsnla

at liingliamton"

Christmas Tree

Albany.
(I’a.). Witfcnliurg

‘ .‘are two arrivals from Henninger so much can happen in a year. They

freshman. “Our biggest problem will
be inexperience." he said.
Expectations — “We have to be
considered in a rebuilding year."
Law admitted. and added. “But i
thought that two years ago when we
tied for the championship."
“Potsdam and Albany are awfully
tough." he continues. “it all depends
on how quickly we mature."
Versus Albany — The Danes
won twice last year including a
73-68 triumph in Plattsburgh in the
last game of the regular season to

Ulicu
at l’lattshurgh”
at Cortland?"

at Oneonta"

Saturday. Jan. 17
Wednesday, Jun. 2i
at ()swcgo Saturday. Jan. 24
Potsdam" Tuesday. Jan. 27
Southern Conn.

at Hamilton

Saturday. Jan. 3/
'l‘ucsday. Felt. 3
Saturday, Feb. 7

King ’5‘ (Pa)-
at Potsdam“r

Tournament 'l'ucsrluy. Feb. I0 Bing/tantrum give Albany sole possession of se-
. . . . cond place in the East.
Indiana. l’u. lliiirsday. Itch. [2 at Rl’l Pmd‘cﬂon _ th.
Dykc Indiana Sulurrluy. Feb. 14 P/aIlsburg/I" BINGHAMTON
at Union The lowly Colonials finished 1-9

Monday. Feb. 16
Wednesday. Feb. 18

in the SUNYAC. and 4-19 overall
last year. but suffered some close
defeats to good teams. They have

tit llartwick

Colonials. but it doesn't seem to be
enough. Charlie Hines. Rick
Wunder. and Carl Wiggins all come
back from last season's last place
squad.

hosted by East Division
Champion

Colisqu/iolt
CfltlIII/)f()ll.Y/if/)
All home games in italics

the Dragons as they finished in fifth problems with the freshmen. but
place in the SUNYAC East with a once they get adjusted we'll be in.
2-8 record. 5-16 overall. But. as good shape." said Chase.

usual. they played the Danes tough. “Talentwise. i think by January we
This year Oneonta features a whole will be a very competitive team."
new look as head coach Don Flewelling added.

Flewelling drastically shook-up his Flewelling thinks that having the
lineup. first five conference games at home
Key Returning Lettermen -— will be an advantage for the young
The Dragons could have had 14 team. but overall. 18 of 24 games
returning lettermen this year. but, will be on the road.

considering last year's performance. Veroul Albany - The Dragons
Flewelling wasn't sure that was such have traditionally given the Danes
agreat idea. He cut nine of the 14 — fits in one of their hottest rivalries.
three of them starters. Last year Albany blew them away in

The big man this year will be 6-4 University Gym. 94-62, but suffered

forward Bob Topa who led Oneonta a 63-62 overtime setback in Oneon—
in scoring and rebounding and was ta — where they haven't won in ten
selected for the All-State freshman years.

team last year. "There's a fairly good rivalry bet—
Key Loo-es - Without key ween Oneonta and Aibany.The kids
players you cannot have key losses. probably get up for the game and
Such is the case with Oneonta. our gym is the easiest place for us to
New Face. — “l'm going with an play in,” explained Flewelling,
entirely new cast of players.“ said Prediction — Fourth.

Flewelling. “l'll probably start three PLATTSBUIIGH

or four freshmen. " This team was a challenger a year
I 'Jim Balttes and Mike Pocyntyluk ago. ranked ninth in.New York, but

Strengthl — “We have good ex-
perience — we have a veteran
team," said Blnghamton coach John
Affleck, who feels that their ex-
perience may help them win some of
the close ones they would have lost
last year. “We played everyone very
close last year. We lost in overtime a
lot. Most of the kids are back. and l
think we can win a few." he said.
Weakneuee — Allieck pointed to
the lack of quickness on the squad
and only average shooting ability .is
the major sore spots for the Col
otiels.
Expectationl -- “Hopefully we'll
do well. The favorites have to be
Potsdam. obviously, and Albany se-
cond. I hope we'll move up in the
conference. but l'm sure everyone
feels the same. This conference is
very tough." noted Affleck.
Venue Albany - The Danes
won both games last year. 81—66. in
University Gym. and 6760 at

Prediction - Sixth.

 

Blnghamton.

    

 

 

 

 

 

  

vadcrs. The two factions met on the
podium staircase adjoing the Biology
building. Despite their initial advantage of
holding higher ground. the infidcis from
State were pushed back by tile righteous ur-
my front lndian. The State warriors wcrc
unable to halt the advance until they met
reinforcements and the two rirniics fought
to a draw in the State Quad archway. it was
soon revealed that the aggressor freshman with it minimal. if not negative amount of
were being trained and equipped by im- rcspcct.
friendly elements oti Colonial and Dtitcii ’
Quads.
lndian Quad t'icld command convened an

iiutivc was to file it complaint iii court. a
costly option. We. ttlotig with the police.
wcrc vcry diplomatic throughout the whole
ordcul. Tlic waitresses and the manager
were very rtidc and personally offensive.

i just wtiiilctl to lct everyone know how it
so called rcstziiiratit treats students rind
would suggest that the SUNY community
not pitttotii/c a place that treats students

—~ Nllllll‘ Withheld Upon Request

 

In Memorium

Early yesterday morning a fellow SUNYA student’s life came
to an untimely end. He was killed in a collision which forced his
car into a lightpoic. We mourn the loss of James Smith and offer
his family and fricnds our sincere condolences. We are saddened
however, that had he been wearing his safety belt, his death mighl
have been avoided. REG

— SAG

   

 

Good Choice

To the liditor: .

Now that the presidential elections are
over. we crtn till rc'st cosy. Thc best tntiti has
won the highest office iii the land. Anicricti.

emergency actions session and determined
that retaliatory raids were justified and
sliouldII‘bc dxccutcd immediately. Despite
the inclement weather. the tirriiy _-ol
courageous volunteers marched to Colonial
where they inflicted heavy damage. After it you will not regret what you have done We
short strategy briefing. they tlicn iiiovcd on llilVC spoken rind given our clcctcd officials
to occupy Dutch Quad. :1 mandate. the inefficient libct'ttl
The Student Body has rt right to know the Dcinocrttts obviously ctitiriot control the ‘ll'-
truth. Unless the University Community is faint of this nation. A shift to a more
madc aware of the factual accounts of tlitit tiiodcitilc—conscrvntivc government will hi-
‘cvctiing. the war hawks of State may once ing it more effective government that

again consider attempting such it fooliin tict l‘cspccts tlic rights of l'rcc enterprise.
of aggression. This L‘cotiotiiy litts liccti littrt by till the
— General Joe “Patton” Racz strict gotcrniiicnt controls placed upon

I I Amciictin .iitsincss. iiig govcrnmciit spcii-
Smileless Servrce

ding will he cut. our utictiiployedgicctot will
To the Editor:

be put brick to work. and American produc-
. t . tivity will iiicrcttsc with more ittccnlivcs iti—
Cuirzvglgg  ’91:“: :llléntldcnl‘lltﬂl OC- jcclcd into liic piivulc sector. We can iiuw
puny arrive I lyd. Ell. “inﬁller to. A stand stitiiglit mid show protttl t‘ticcs oiicc
Na d ""C u "‘3 ‘1 "W" m")! LOHL‘. again. 'liic United States can hc the great
vinzyarzngcsgfrcilﬁl ilflélllfﬂdflul to the world power it'oncc wns tilld be able to dc-
Cd [0 [ak  come. We dlcctd- fctid our postttotis (domestic and foreign)
. It? a vantage of the 2 for l dinner effectively. We Will he licrird and listened to
mulm" '" ll‘c ASP- abroad.
I“at::cblfgfczcificﬂld‘ sclcfting our cn- Mr. Ctlilct‘. i say good tiddttiice to you.
which is inCIUdCd in [I cs  lc‘hdldd bar. You had your chance and now If is time for
our vishor and m ‘ilchrlLdtiof the meal. sotiiconc to till the prcsidciicyot'tiic United
Bro“ for $7 95 per  yorwclrcd London htzitcs. winch liih l‘tL‘Cll vzicziiit for tiic first
arrived he fauna hi-stselng.’ 1:]: the meat tour ycttrs. We have had crioitgh of your in»
Not wanting to can Til/till. l0 ) L Illtrdllﬂc. competent judgincnts or should i say
leave the m" r so a SLLHC. lit. decided to Amy 5.
pm in a doth: MS"? ‘1‘”‘1 Tc‘lUCSl l'li‘ﬂl ll bl! Nittclccn-cigliiy was the ycztt‘ of the
hungry “10:8,: I'lllbli 'lC it!“ that ll lib: tiot chttl)licttits, ills will '82. Willi it
himself“) on?“ “Hf: Oil. “0 WUIIId lterC dellltlit'lltirtllllllllilllcfl Scntttc rind nittjor
salad. , . c also had one plate of gains made ill the House,  Reagan will
our wanrcss came h l Ir.“ I have tlv( (ingress mine to his liking. unlike
glasses and nmiccd ” y 0 FL‘ 14 our wttlcr l till ol ‘Mr. (tittci'. RCttgiili and his. fellow
muchcd his meal ‘a'lf’ur “5W” “3.111 “01 chit‘lilictiiis will do something With this
cause a name he. Algal". not wanting to great . country and t'cvitztlizc tlic grcrit
was no! hl-lhgriy a [2‘0 titcly told her that Iic Aiiiei‘ictiti ptoccsscs that made this country
home and cm '1"! liiat he would tttkc ll great. lliL" right choice was made on
became verywmto Hat” on. llicuwtittrcss NOVL‘llll‘tL‘l fourth. it Will not be it rcgrct-
good, I ‘ v. V xtous. she said. it looks tubic choice. 
ant should taste good. why don’t you

 

 

 

— .ltliiics Koitry
d - . .
on limit and slit: risked me how mine was.

I Write A'Lettert J

I
. I

cut it?" Mind the other serving of tlic l.oii- r

   

Eat-b“ I- d!
luck Bah-r, filliltltvttl (Slur-I . ' n ‘9"
Rob E. Grub-In. Miiiiinjing I dim:

Newl Editor
AIIocI-l- New- Editou Sylvia vamtm

Agra“. “no” Allllil'w (:nrmtl. Stunt. Miltnjnn. “I'lll St-xtn
5mm... Ash“. Ed..." llnli lull-lbtcltt. llttlmltl Levy
Sound a. V1,“... " .tumiiu- Wane:
Crnrtv- An- liii Pinto.
Dulnn 1. Layout '(ﬁv-‘lll‘nl'tlwi

Spun. Edllnr nu... .wy
Auncl-to Sport- Editor- lint. ttvilntttnt-

Muir l liispt't. LilllVKrlllll
Sit-vim A ltln't'lllk‘ll]

IE

 

tlllllli' lliwiilwig. Mllrltull A (in-vin

/(\Il[l'l|ill"yl‘il:"t. ‘lltlil(.“tllllllﬂllll. l’nttiitn littiiili-y. lliilitti liirtwti. lietli Cnittrrtrirnta. KI'Ii Cantor. Mttllnvl Catlin-Ii. Anne
I”. Mm“.mm “my”; 3., 13:”; iitll'.’l.lsd lit-iitvninaik, iitiimi Kenneth l)iLkvy. Jun Dixon. Jillilt’ lilwnheig. Mark FlMlIt‘lft, [truce
“ml, ’ ‘ I "I . ‘ . . n .i . Kurt (within. Wlllllll‘y (umltl. l.iir (irulwi. Mnttiww lldllllnl‘. Wendell lir’tltir)“. Michele

tilllll s . .i llint, Krittltit. i any Kltlsttintt. lino Lusltk. lliure Levy. .lmnies Markntsis. William O' linen. Wayne Pt‘l'lL‘llttul"

   

 

Mark lfnsstvr ‘ktimlnll llmhim 'icliltullt'i f’nul Culiwri
. . . _ rtl. SucI 5! It) . - .‘ ‘ I ’ -
“all.” Ednnn: Mam [mnmmm gﬂm‘mhm KIWI n i. lniiirl Snionmii, (.iiulim hummus ladle: I
Dabble Itopt. littrtnuu Mortimer
Adv-ﬁlling Mlnlger .l I) t
ﬂﬂllngAccounllnt ' mm mm“
Bennie Brown. Millntri lit-splat

Cumpnnltlan Mlnl'er
Oiilc- Coordlnnar

Haydon Cairutli

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Bonnie Stevens
(Shin: Stow (littllttl itulwit K-lll CI-oollled Mun-[en September Klein Advertising Production I'll-lent Math! Anni:
strut/Ill]: lnri‘iiny limiqt-t Adv-nI-ln' Production: Dianne Giacola. Micheli- lsuiel. Susan Kaplan Mara Mctidelsolin laurtc
r de it-ig. .‘mnyii ‘n-tlijwitk. Kath Ufell out 8 - - - I ' ' ‘ '
“ML AIMW Knuuwm y t l Ce, tout Windy llccku. iii ily Broiler. Telly Gltck, liolitti Gteetilmg. l’nrriula

llIyd-l Cumin. on. on. nnttnntnn Managers

VertanCIIurn Fl

 .,  .issnliuk
Ellie-up]. .‘.:linerl‘4llltiltitrtti tinnn ransom. lJulI lleytinltli, CniInl-i Slitttoltilsky. Dave Tlinrirtlipuwr Typlllli Cami umy
"sum-try “mm. .m»tt.ni..mn. . 5- i- t r l- . r . . ~ ' '
MM m mm . in in. t. K It“. truth... N ilari. (.atlitt llynn. mu Schnutder. Laurie wntim Cit-nun"

Phnloﬂllphy, :ntnntnn pun. tlttrlly i... fliittuvntly I'hnto 5min:
Chief Photograph." lint- t annnnt

UPS sun. litrur Air/in. Allin Hui-vii. Kml Chm), Steve risen. Mike I'urmll. Mutt Halt-Jr. Mm Iftnxltel, Rnunnu'ttntntnl/ on...
unannn, Mint Nttilft‘l. Inn... .bti'tttlutmp. 'rnny Tuuumttl. will Yunnan ' ' ‘

Itn' Aim... .'rttrrlrtit im-t. u riirftfialtr'rl nifty Tut'ltluy ulltl Friday timing [he n hoof my in: Iltr' Albany Studnnt Pvt-u Corporation
nn .iitl’)'ttltrtt l I l t ‘ .v - ‘ ‘ r 
“nuullll it ill) in [Hit/t t npmnnnn ,.tftltlllult or. tuttllut by the killluriltt-Lftlcl, policy In ruhlrtt In mutant by the I?

Mtttltrty uddreu.
Albany Stud-til Press. CC 312‘!
1400 Washington Ave. '
_I r. _ Albany. NV12222
_-' {51H} 457-8892/35l22/3118‘)

 

 

  

of .
w .
.  - :m-w .r ..-= mars—m mum . .. .‘2 :4 y m we  as.» _I r 'r v  nu i :3” 5.3.1.22:  list: i. :' ...-;:E‘....rr.-s._.e ..-,. ..-_.. ' :  :r . ' ‘ " ’
_ .— . /. j
t. v ‘. ‘ ‘ " . 'I' . 4 \ I: .‘
 Prev 19 w d to t
h  g \ _ - e I rt .3
by limit-inn r ' ' e bul’ tickets (that'trwhen we start 5 li' ' ' - ~ - ' ' ' '
“.5 probably me toughw Divisim  m  e 0  14-8 overall last year. but with the Whether“ no. you Show up “rushing; :v;:[:‘l,ltedlth:i(l’ l1 tilts Very hungry and that. if I . t . .
l lll basketball conference in the mun ‘ ’ 1155 if three ztvotal starters. Plagt- 3g" take us the same 30 minutes 10 SE" with a‘htugf “:0: :VhDUlfdnl: eat it. She said H I '.
try. A" the coaches agree and the N ‘ I . S we may 6 an 350*?!" l 5 tickets. if we start selling 30 minutes before Barnsider "' r 0:] ave gone m 'he'  *~    '
record bears them out. Expect-ﬂout — “it‘s too early to but they're not as quick. admitted High infiyracuse. Balnes. who is on- season. ' I showtime and practically everyone is there, manager t'hcril: elm: C testament). The ' I -
Since 1975. when Division ill was tell." said Welsh. "Our goals are to Cortland _coach Alan Stockholm. lyI 5 7k. mady emerge. as [:9  tiletitlrrtrinu tLettfenx‘enC - chances are we can start on time. problem was Wizetolldaj'llgnafze? ‘:hat the I
t t ‘ d 2 hour oten— Strengths - “Our strong point is payma er an top scorer on i 2 ﬂy W0 sat ers re urn or 8 ar- ‘ Maybe .his will aid u - . - a j 3 ma, . . _ . ‘
ewsttaiib"fli':dEa:tg:iYREgib?arl;s  li:l.oO'lnfd:i':e:“bn; if our gbals is our experience. but everybody in the team. according to assistant Hal dinals — guarddoe Porcelll and for‘ movies on' time. I guess   t'hhi: bva'lcskual'ii'dcepm'lle and he agreed '0 '8'“ " Thgriliklr'g 'surv’lll'gd the fHSt' snow, we welcome the arnva' of '
year except 1978, and in four of always to win the conference." SUNYAC is claiming that this year. Chase. Pocyntyluk. at 6’6", was ward Scott Wilfore. Porcelli averag- because for our movies in the next few mam “mm” c “3" “5- an" 5 lime arsu- d g'vmg' e long awaItEd four'day weekend is upon us — 
those years that team advanced at Venue Albany — Every Albany‘ Still. we played together last year — voted All-City in Syracuse. Ed 90 POlnlS Per game and Wlllore weeks i expect large crowds to turn out. If A new ‘tougheru w -t - . an no' a moment too soon', ‘
least as far as the “final four." Potsdam confrontation has the hopefully we're a year wiser.’ said Two other freshmen who will get 7.0 last year. everyone shows up thirty minutes before ' 3' fess was ass'gncd '0 By Wednesday. most Of us Wl . . .
h ll 0 B k d St K Losses - Plattsbur h lost °ur fable and Informed us that we would b e ome' The anUClpatlon Of
The SUNYAC is divided Into two potential to be a classic. Last year Stackholm. t 8 Ca are wen a 21' an 9V2 W 9 the show they want to go see. i think all this charged for th e turkey Cranberry sauce famil f ' d ' ' -
six-team divisions, The Eastern Dtvt- Potsdam drew first blood“ handing Weakneuee — Stockholm feels Campbell. who both averaged over more than any other team in the east grumbling about Albany State Cinema's in. plate of 53] d :Vsalad bar. $4.50 for one to etht I] y it. "till S. and the warm feeling Of
sion consists of Potsdam. Albany. the Danes their first loss of the year that rebounding is one of the Red 30 points per game in high school. this season when their three top efficiency can be eradicated. our visitor :a'd ofdfielirlfdtlltls wins ridiculous, tg anESS Wt l peak. We must enjoy it whlje we can. Whenwe
Plattsburgh, Cortland. Oneonta and in University Gym. 70-68, in over- Dragons‘ problems. but not a major Moving up from the junior varsity starters graguateg- h —— Michael P. Fried that the salad bar was incidle (inlBt'f'l and re um.’ ".1an of us Wm be forced to do a semester’s worth of
Binghamton. in last year's order of time. Albany avenged the loss at one. ‘ team is Jim Boland. who averaged center 31" lnsmann was l e omega... ASC said. . n a' e me" work in Just three weeks.
fl l h Lik i B ff | B ff l P t d t i i i te season Elpectltiono “My guess is that 27 points per game last year team leader in scoring (404 points ’ ha' "6 was "0' 80'“ ‘0 Pay $4 50 for Wh'l r '
. , , cruca a — - ~ ' '
' S'lar'te 53:2590': a'f‘flecld'niaarl ggnie?'rﬂ'8-g6.abut the Bears ended we‘re going to be about the same as Strength. - Enthusiasm and 17.0 per game) and rebounding (8.0 A   oniille'zlthl'r'cilillc' ' about't:  re hS'me’ re'ax and forget 3” abOUt SUNYA- Forget
Brockport and Oswego compete in Albany's season in the finals of the last year. Our schedule is a little quickness are the chief strengths of per game). Kevin Baldwin was 52- visilor. She [old h'i‘ng’rlﬁieﬁtd toInsult our 3 "19 HIllS molester, and his rampage which has lasted
the West. Eastern Regional. 87-72. on their tougher. and other teams have im- this young team, according to cond In each category. with a 16 To the Editor: noxious and “m if he r r e gas very ob- over a year. Forget the fact that women are afraid to walk the
A. 012 end of the season the top home mun. proved. but i think we'll hold our Flewelling. point average and seven rebounds ‘The 18 November issue of the ASP cnn- would have to “Tell it “3:65: '.° Du)"  Streets 01‘ remain home alone_ Even women on cam us I f
two ‘eams In each dMsbn mee‘ In “n.5, a very Jmense' Very good ground‘" stackholm said. wanna..¢- — Just as it is their per game. Danny Thelss. the point I! tamed anarticlc written by Mr. Andrew I migm add th’m included in Dun-mg cops. for their safety , P mus ear
the SUNYAC tournament to deter- rivalry," Welsh said. “Both schools "Our goal Is to at Worst get Spllts Strength. youth '5 also the” guard. led the learn l" aSSlSlS W'lh Carroll Wh'Ch n¢l3°m3d that a Coalition of three young ladies That lan r mm, were F j» ' ' -
mine the winner of the conference have well respected programs and with the teams that beat us last weakness. "We're going to make a 14-1 and averaged 10 pointsa game.  State A‘Quad residents suc_ , called for. “ 31mg“ “’35 un- orgel [:lat Students are in danger of iostng'their representation
, championship, who receives an the players are very hardworking year." he concluded. lot of mistakes. we‘ll have problems When you lO‘Se the combinallon {50359113 fﬂlﬁfpauifﬁdtan Quad. leaving it. . 1thIbmlamyéahﬁdwenarwwth [$4 5 on [he UHIVCFSI.l_Y...S¢nater-.Foreet the fact we may be denied our.
. 7i automatic bid to the Eastern and competitive." Versu- AIh-nv - The Danes executing. Flewelling'admltted. of those three its tough to replace “dectnlale . tvtr. Carroll, however, scent}; Emacs. "we decided 41-6“ch not 1". y' 0 only WMtvcmeQl‘tcydectsions — the vojb.‘ t‘ﬂﬁph'  
l: Regionals in the NCAA playoffs. Prediction - First. won both of their 1979-80 contests. Expectation! - “lm going with them quickly. said Plattsburgh to be followtngtn the footsteps ofotlicr war' my i._ we mm loam ‘ h_ 30ml- |0 vidc‘é us with in éabl " . .. as Pro“ ‘
 The mhe, teams are 5”" eligible to CORTLAND the first at University Gym. 65-61. the youth movement now to save a basketball coach Norm Law. correspondents'who came before him by red .0 [my [he hi“ legsflllf'g‘i'csgand imam" F ..nume e ga'ns'
 receive an at large bid to the tourna- The 1979-80 season was another and then later at Cortland. 76-67. l°l°l9fl9llalef~ l'm 90an lo 90 Will Sh'nmh' _ "we have prenll al'cr'ng 'he rac's concern'ng "'C comm" "Villager Sﬂid that lic'\voiiicilittv'c'latb"g?ll"‘l'f orge' 'ha' ﬁnals are 'wo weeks away' Forge' "'a' 'he exam
‘  menL - mediocre year (2,; the Red Dragons, Prediction - Third. the kids and sit back and hold my good shooting and ballhandling. The student body has a right to know the police. Wc said ok not hclicvin hfd .'“'L SChedu'e "as been condensed info eight days. Be sure [0 rest up
l" Potsdam Is the reigning SUNYAC finishing in fourth place in the ONEONTA breath.’ said Flewelllngt Law sald- we may also have a "'"e “C'ua'cvcnls or lhnl evening- would cause - W '- .  L “a y because all-nightch S ced d if ' ' i '
it . . no “ l .n h e d .h mm .n .he as. .. Indian Q ,d l H. , .1 hurt“. at tlic restaurant for . D an co ee wrll soon be in style again
. champion and members of the East bUNYAC with a 4'6 record but 1979-80 was a dismal season or ur rst ew ames we ave mor at). P - ‘ _ Ud "10 lgCﬂCC t‘tICde up $4_50_ The same tough Mum“. "1].! Forget it all For ’cl l ’ ’ '
t,» 5 have the" work cut out [or them as. __________————————-—'——_'—‘——_—"———. Weaknesses — Piattsburghs ma- cvrdcncc of large troop movements out of visitor stupid and told ill "I fdlcr our . - f: you ever teard of SUNYA. if S Thanksgiv-
. i the mighty Bears have emerged as   t G  jor weakness will be their youth. Law State Quad. andagcncmlalmm was sound. mains. In it. hid no llig and each of US has much [0 be “130ka for . . . pass the stut-.
the favorites once more. But in this Z I.  a e   expects to start one senior, one ed. Hundreds of brave volunteers DUtttcd The WNW ﬂ“.in and arm. some dim“ {mg l’lcaSC.
junior. two sophomores. and it out of tlic lndian dorms to meet the iii- sion Wl.‘ (lccidcd to my me hm The we;

.“

‘"—.‘A

 

