3
i
i
i
ii
i.
it

 

 



 

 

 

Students on Senate ‘ V l '

Whether. students should remain on
Senate or not is an issue that has been
discussed many times this semester; both in
this testimony and in outside forums. i feel,
however, that for all the effort students
have put into the debates. our arguments
have barely been heard. Therefore. i would
like to make a last. pro-Christmas. effort at
convincing the faculty that the Senate needs
.students.
i would assume that all the philosophical
reasons for keeping students on the Senate

take this opportunity to discuss the way
students have worked on Senate. The
following article was previously read at an
open hearing attended by very few faculty
members. Since it contains clarifications
about student activities on Senate. i strggest
that all faculty merrtbcrs read it before any
further consideration of the futtrre of
students and the Senate:

1 would like to speak out strongly against
taking students off the University Senate. It
is my opinion that the best possible Unlser-
sity governance structure is one that inv
cludcs a large amount of student input. 1
would. therefore. request that the Senate
structure be kept as is.

Many students. including myself. have
spoken to facility members in an attempt to
understand their position. We hay c found
that there are rnnny myths and misconcep-
tions about student senators and their lunc-
tions. 1 would like to dispcll those myths
right rtow.

Sttrdcnt block \oting is the myth most
often cited by faculty. i hate been ittutlu‘tl
in many arguments and discussions with
other student senators. and since i was
unable to change their minds, and they
mine. i would flatly dctrv tltat students role
as a block. Two ol the Senate‘s biggest itliis
last year. plus/minus grading and honors.
found the strtdcrtl senators split rrglrt down
the middle. I think it is important to rtotc.
since it is claimed that we are
unrepresented. this was the representation
of Slllticills in general since suryey's forrtrd
the studertt body split 50—50 on both issues.
There were times when many student
senators \olctl one way and l voted the
other. An evarnple was the bill passed to
'cgulate the times teachers could giye es-
rrns. l yoted witlr a small minority of
students. No “strong-arm" tactics were its»
2-! in arty attempt to change my vote.
Another myth perpetuated is one that
claims student senators simply wish to make

 

have been heard. i would. therefore, like to .

 

We Need to Be Heard _

David Pologe

school easier. There are a few points that
can be given in rebuttal. The first is that it
does us no good to graduate from an in-
stitution that is recognized as poor. We
hope that future employers and graduate
schools will look on graduation from
Albany as an achievement. Watering down
our education so our transcripts are not im-
pressive. only hurts us and we are fully
aware of this. The second part i wish
to make against this myth is that many of
our actions do not effect our degree rc-
quiremcnts. Bills such as the honors pro-
posal take effect with the next freshmen
class. Tltey do not effect the student
senators voting on the bill. Against the
myth that student senators only want to
make things easier. i would put my own
goals, i came to this school to get a good
education and l reali/e this cannot be done
with case. i joined Senate with hopes of im-
proving my cdueatiorr. of improving the al-
mosphere for leaving. i wish to improve
myself with knowledge. not with letters on
a piece of paper. if the transfer of informa-
tiotr and knowledge is occasionally accom-
panied by what faculty sees as art carttirrg of
requirements. fine. lint please do not ilC-
cuse me of lowering school standards.

. Another misconception perpetuated
around campus is that students on senate
inhibit the faculty. Not being a laculty
member. I cannot say whether such feelings
c\ist. [can say. lro\\c\et. that if they do cy-
ist they are irrational. if. by students lll-
lribititrg faculty. it is meant that they are not
as free to talk. i would ask how they are
able to talk in a t'ittsyttttttit. And it. by
students‘inhibiting faculty. I1 is meant that
facttlly has lost its cflcclhc input into
University policy. i ask \\ltt'lllt.'t students
are truly to blame for this problem. if the
faculty would like grcatcr inprrt. then
perhaps a change is in rttticl. but make sure
that what gets changed is the problem and
not an innocent bystander. Student rrrprrt in
no way inhibits tltc yoiccs ot the faculty. stt
please do not change our status lot the sake
of changing something.

The fitral myth that | wish to discuss is
one that sct‘lils to underlic all the othch
and one that upsets us the most. llrar Is the
myth that taculty has nothing to learn from
students. This attitude is dangerous in both
tltli\crsii_\' gmcrtttrncc and itr the t‘lttsstootli.
Students feel that we base a lot to offer the
Senate because we hate a unique pctspcc-
li\'L‘. “'t.‘ ft’t‘l liit‘ cfl'ct'ls ol' t'tttlL‘tIl policy.
and perhaps see where changes at:.

W "T M1"F”"

conﬁrmed from page eleven
SUNYA. which sponsors seven religious
services every weekend and serves over 500
students of Roman Catholic. Protestant
and Jewish faiths.
' The negative. simplistic. and incomplete
view of Jewish religious life on campus]
As a professional religious staff we spend
many hours a week attempting to meet the
religious needs of students. we would be
happy to share our perspective of religious
life on campus with the ASP staff.
— Sister Danielle Bonetti C.S.J.
Calholie Campus Minist
— The Rev'd Christopher G. Hoyer
Lutheran Campus Pastor
— Lyn ngln M.S.W.
Director, Jewish Students Coalilion-Hillel
—- The Rev‘d Wllllam J. Ryan
Catholic Campus Minis/er

 

Positive Religion

 

 

To the Editor:

l was deeply disturbed by your recent
series of articles about religious life at
SUNYA. As a rabbi in Albany. l frequently
find myself on the campus and my impres-
sions differ front the perspective you
presented. Because my experiences relate
primarily to the Jewish community, i shall
direct my comments to the two articles you
printed related to it.

.lSC-Hillel is. indeed. tltc organich
Jewish community at SUNYA. It is
however. deceptively “low key." .lSC-
llillel sponsors regular Sabbath scryiccs. as
well as educatonal. cultural. political arid
social programs. Through its director. l.yn
l.iglrt. counselling and referral seriiccs arc
ayailable. .lS('-l lillel has developed pro-
grams for .lcws whose primary interests are
ethnic-associerional. for Jews whose major
concerns are political and for Jews who are
on spiritual journeys. Your article focused
on the committee structure which
"manages" .lSC-ilillel and overlooked the
many actiyities which it urratrges.

lzllcn \\’cinstein's comments are another
rmrttct altogether. She offers the following
sef-portrayal: "i never thought of myself as
a .lew . . .M\ one claim to fame as a Jew

 

came as an accident of birth . . .Thank
'you, God. for giving me to a secular mother
. . .1 preferred Christmas: . . i am ttot . . .
hypocritical. i am a fanatical agnostic . . , I
don't disbelieve in God. but i can't say thar
i believe in Him . . .i'll do what l have to
do to fulfill myself as a person because first
and foremost. that is what i am.“ Chem
for Ms. Wernstein. She informs us that she
is not terribly knowledgeable about or corn-
mittcd to Judiasm and then proccdes to
lambastc something about which she is ig-
norant. She sets up the straw person of an
abbcrant form of Jewishness instead of the
mature. and subtle tradition which enriches
many and expects us to be impressed.

I was most disappointed with what your
series failed to see. There was no mention
of the significant work being done by the
Protestant and Catholic chaplains on cam-
pus. Other than a brief mention of Chapel
House. there was no report of its actiyities.
You seem to have focused your article on a
fringe Jew. an out-of-thc-mainstream
Christian group and a narrow perspecriye
of the Jewish community. One might even
get the impression that the series was meant
to draw attention away from the positiic
aspects of religious life on campus. 'i'lrat
type of bias would not be present in your
paper. would it?

— Rabbi Baruch l"rydrnan-Kolrl

False Charges

To the Editor:

in response to the letter to the l€ditor ctr-
titled “l’oor 'l‘rcatmcnt" itr the i‘t'itiiH.
December 5th .451”. the Jewish Student
(,‘oalition-l lillel's iZchtttitc lioard would
like to ltave it pill on the record that the ilt
cusations made were ill fact false. and .r
gross misrepresentation of .ISL‘. Should tln-
writer care to get his/her facts straight and
tlrcrt \oice criticism in ttn educated rnanncr.
we would be more than willing to sit down
together.

 

 

— Murln ()berlanrlt-r
— .lonuthan llecht
—— Lisa ('oln-n

— .lcl‘l‘ Stern

— Laurie \Vt-issrnan

 

necessary where faculty does not. We make
no claims ol'superiority. we sitrtply feel that
ottt position in the Uttiyctsity t'omnrunity
giycs us a different prospccriyc.

The best way to run a goycrnancc struc-
turc is to insure that many divergent ideas
are ltcard. Only after weighing many dif—
Icrent options cart a truly cdttcated dccisiort
be made. And it is another rtryth that
students make such a decision since we ha\ e
no majority on Senate. We only claim that
\ltttlc‘ltls offer an itnportnnt pcrspccthe.
one that needs to be heard.

i would urge that the committee kccp lilr.
stilltty qtto.

The only way proper policy can be madr
is with a strident \oice. it is not a rnaiorrty
voice that votes as one. it is not a voice that
ill arty way inhibits faculty. and it is not a
voice that asks for a simpler education.

it is a voice that asks for things to be
done right. ~
it is inconceivable to me that the Senate
could function properly without our mice.
We need to be heard.

 

WT T0 UV A
flutesrw/ys Bree:

 

 

$055.5 orig; Bﬁfaﬂ’

 

‘t

 
 

aorta/e5 TRIPFEU
mueeuss. aw 15
\ Bade.

   

  
 
 

  

BUT A» W
 V %Vl0\ LU<S.

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(go/2n fannonﬂg40— 7980

555 centerfol’d

 

