 

 

  

. i 1" t a b I A
5 just about any theater manager
can tell you (except for those who
were booking The Empire Strikes
Back or'Airpianel). the summer of
1980 was a come~down from past summers of
recent years. Despite a bumper crop of big-
budget commercial films glutted with stars like
Robert Redford. Burt Reynolds. Johrt
Travolta. and Clint Eastwood. the audiences
were staying home and watching reruns and
HBO. An odd exception which appeared ear‘
ly in the summer was a low-budget horror film
.'alled Friday the Kim. The critics lined up to

Jim Dixon

jian it almost as quickly as audiences lined up
to see it On a starvation budget ofstx hundred
thousand dollars. Friday the i3ih grossed
some thing million

Horror sells.

The reason why people div so eager to
v'iand Oier their money to be «fared is as
elusite as it is undeniable Why. do they slow
lCrZHi to see the remains i if auto accidents? l'm

.‘

  
 

 

 

as gutlty as the rest But fear tends to bring
them in. and lair.“ ' seems :ite movies tend
’JiLard the same tormula .

This summer. there ugs some tarieu, The
most offbeat. and the bggest flop. was
hael Ritchie's The island Ritchie. who at
tproduces grad s..c:al satzre along the
 The Bad News Bears and Smile. and
.31 its worst produces and sacral satire along
::es of Sem;~Taug'n has this time produc~
ed uha: appears to he a 5.2 same by the
author of Jews. Peter Benchley in a nearly
ue mote. Benchley dismembered his
cum novel. \L'h:'.e The island is undeniably ha:
awake; story. :: certainly wasn't as bad as
iBercnfey's screenplay. for MhiCl’i he receives

 

  

 

 

 

  
 
  
  
 

 

 

 

   

   

){Cu'v'm' hit “h bnhit‘

   

..~..

' . _ , , . .............,i. . .....i.. . . .p........,._...
.........- H , . . . . . . . . . ..

1"” ,

 

 
   

: S‘e‘Nér'ribe'r 9, 5193.1

 

  

     
 
  

hasn't pleased all of King's rabid fans. but does
preserve the events of lllt.’ novel reasonably
well. and strips away some of King's llltill' lr
win Allenish touches.

Though slow-paced for the tastes oi tniisl
horror movie fans. The Shining t‘a iiit-vrtahlv
frightening. Tltrouglt a careful illlKlltlt' of
suspense dilll shock. Kubrick lllUVl‘H lltt‘ llllll
through a cliisuc pattern liitffs of the gt-iirts
~.hould recognize the nriﬂﬂrtli‘llt e of slow.
tracking shots down long turtidors. building
tip fear of corners and what might be itrIiliilil
them Kubrick uses a lowangled camera to
follow his young psychic hero as he puddles .t
tricycle through deserted corridors The speed
of the tricycle ts accentuated by the t'llllLl’S‘L’k‘L‘
stew. and the turning of Corners becomes r3»
cruciating as we .tazi and man and uati for
wiriethiiig to happen

Jack Nicholson. two long absent from the
«teen. has a held day \Lill‘i the part of a man
driven mad bi. forces he doesn’t Lii‘aierstaind
are iieter fully ex-
Kubrick's

rand Much. :riL‘identaIiy.
planted to the audience either)
rewrites ailtm him a certain black humor King
missed Battering through a locked bathroom
door Will] an a). :n an attempt to murder hi:
iSheiley Dux all]. he loudly quips.
'Honey. l'rri Home" Also dair...’ funny is his
selfintroductzon of "Here's Johrtnyl" as he
crashes through

Kubrick. to uhotn the
represented an exerCise .n 2...: rncc'na

.L.fc

film d'ﬂhlfc‘nll‘,

 

   

l‘ulfft‘ﬂ muro than any.
aware if‘. .st direcn
‘ between horror and hu

. weer?» .

 

'ne-c‘.

moi Thou an;

 

rid turd:

   

 

 

  

   

  

 

 

fioiii lltl‘ start We never worry about l.er Anti
its llii‘ |)‘th'lttl actually has an understandable
reason for killing the victims (own if he is over-
tmitting just a bit) we're not apt to hate him
enough l‘iirt t;l the reason that Night o] the
Living Dead. rlftli‘ﬁ. flflflttli'i't'fl. and Alien are
fiiijlitt-ttiiiii is llltil we lli‘Vl'f do tiittltTrstaiiil the
killer

To utiitpoitntl matters. i’rom Nit/ht steals
ftotii too many other films and doesn't even
do it well The entire prom night setting iS too
obvtouslv similar to Currie Too many of the
characters are poor man‘s Carrie imitations
Too many of the shots and situations smack
too lieavily of Halloween. Add hokey
dialogue (Leslie Nielsen spouts one<liners
straight from his part in Airplane’ where at
least they were supposed to be funny) and an
inept supporting cast. and we're left with a film
only a genius and a thorough rewrite could
sane While the direction and technical credits
are all competent. they aren't enough Like
most films of this genre. the \‘iOlEYiCe borders
on the priSZine Not even sadism is gratified

Lgdialil‘y‘ :5 not a must for a honor him.
Othough. as Brian DePalma.'director of
Come and the current Dressed To Kill has
proven conSistently over the years. DePalma
has been influenced. to say the least. by the
lems of Alfred Hitchcock. Dressed To Kill :5
tuith‘ng more or less than an erotic remake of
Psycho

U. hat eiex ates Dressed To h'u’t' from the b

of horror izlms :s lifé'i and fotem DePalma's
* DePalrra. to so perhaps

lem maker's film maker

 

 

r'.

  

  

T‘iG 'iCCt

    
 

uun

 

   

  
   

 

3 UFO so far

  
 

.n
..j

«,gin lhei pixl‘euti

 

 

Rich: sq dcn'

 

.e maritich iw

ur‘ hanger "

    

   

 
  

»~.ter i flutli
i153 -..: his Curtis,

  
 
 
  
 
  
  
    

.ti.li‘i
‘4 t .ii .iii‘. uric l‘lti
at. .lii'i lti fart iniist til
‘ , . -t[|l\.i'- flatsho
I. t .e to firt'sst'd To l\':ll lloneier
Llillllk’llluﬂl‘fll‘lll.ll1)7(')§(’tl l’t- Hill is a
t‘. '

r in it s igniui and has it better
.'..t .7 ' . '
i ,t....k tumor .t~ iwlt as the lititroi
s to be tuii.

 
 

it» .i‘

 

it can't till-.i' itself too
I -il\\t|\.‘\
[sycho was actually a (Ulllt'(l\,'

Wtztiislt " ‘ l'
i, llitihuim t‘liitiiit'tl that

a fart most

of its audiences tieier noticed Yet the origin il
“MW—k ‘ t

This summer’s movies left the producers smiling

Robert Bloch notel v.h.ch startei i
has a sense of humor The

   
 
 
 
  
    

  

the novel ends on a
"In a moment the kt. i
# (ind her head '
DePalnia f:lls liiS f:It:t wit. .
of liloclt's hallmteez: pt;
Nancy Allen pursue.
N; -. York i), .rate
put '..

-in the strazgn: .'x

 

KS

 
  
 

it trying to .c make 4.:
.th r‘ghi
trait..i:sitte she sat». murder Aug
ltl. frightening in much the same '.I..:.
' It a fright Wig vamp /

 

 

 

' 1'. v.‘ Frill‘ti’fllh.’

:n an airiusernent park haunted hr.»_.~..

‘f

 

mentually

Dressed To K1li '

one of the great films of the decauc

   

r

moment. it may annoy some people . ‘
think it's obvious debt to Bloch and H9;-

 

15 a liability. rather than a sign of exu'ci. '2‘

 

a director who is too talented in hzs o
to be justifiably consdered nothing mot

a Hitchcock

lf‘fiilaftlf

 

doesn't use all that many of Hitchcock: ‘4
Foul Play looked more like a Hthf‘tCi 

than most of DePalma's n‘ovies l
in some regards. Halloueen ma;

be seen as one of the most tulip-em.

of the sevent:es. Scores of tmtiators

  

 

lVisually. 0.3 v

Fr'day the 131).. [than A Stranger ( .iM -.'

 

Prom thh! continue to appear a" .

money. when more fantasy oneiih 1 '

ﬁlms lzl-ze The Shrniog and Drrcuc :. :.

:zito trouble What lhiS'

LIT fiik‘dl’.

    

  
   
 

upcoming month of O at »r utter: a 7 . '
horror releases. both if out. i.p

old fashioned fantas‘, I Tim  .
(tihtch is sazd [ti p:t C.. ..on Hes‘a '.

reaniniatcd l‘fiLlfl‘llilVl. fvc’n‘ittif‘n lt

 

.'. seems that lttrfirif fairs are ii‘iuh‘ " ;

 
 

and 1.1. r.-.:.

C lh’f’ililliC

" :ii stt'ku: tin-fin a~ ‘
l‘rutr: .\.;.‘l‘ii .3 ii. I"

and

llrcswti lit h'...’
frilloii l‘L‘li
-.t»h t‘li‘i'NIAl‘

31vmutt lit.

      

'I.ii!l~~’l
‘.i:-l

 upsiauon; Purl. -;-.

fillitmc‘il of -.v. r...- .i..
“lllh' peiii‘i-L' jrt'm -.

 

 

.ittoit Iil it'itiis to .‘.-xii \«.". 1' « ‘ ~

lil jinn! lint it went» in tiau.

 

.iit' going to i ozittniit' to by s.

jii't‘. ‘~

w liilltiL'tlfl.tl. it hecrimm itilli‘J‘

 

lltitt' lliL‘lIt

l'iliiis like The Shrimp; itiitl ll't’w‘n‘
triatle hi,- \L'lttills tfiit'ttuis iilli‘it"l":
wait-s people. are apt to limit"

lllUli lli’llitljia it's. llllls' t

 

:l-i

dietitt-s .tlsti lld\‘l‘ thought to vi. ilJ “

scare it» it litiillil jtisl lw ll'u' mi .r it;

 

 

 

.ifti'i illl

   
       

   

- «a»..- w ?

 

     

  

 

Asp eta on Tuesday I.

 

L.

 

September 9. 1980

 

 

.i..

Wm

Get up, Get out. Get into something new.
his is a line from the first song
"Dance" on the Rolling Stones'
new album. Emotional Rescue.
Good advice from a great band. lt's
also advice that the Stones should listen to.
Doing “something new" has been a trademark
of the Stones.
The sounds they
have produced
over
year
rock
have
greatly with the .'
changing at~
tiludes and influences of the members.
However. their record is a departure frorn the
norm in that the Stones have produced an
album that could easily be confused with their
previous album Some Girls. This is not to take
away front either album; both measure up well
to all standards of rock 'n' roll. It's just that
alter waiting two years. for [fiiirtiiuiiol Rescue
one has the right to expect more out of the
Stones.

Ed Plhka

The first song. "Dance". is rather reminis-
cent of "Miss You". which is quite a shame.
"Dance" carried the tin-paper potential for be-
ing (l truly but time This is due to its fitiiky
beat and the llllrk'llp vocals of prima reggae
crooner. Max Romeo ~ lead singer of the
Upsetters, However. the beat has lit‘t’ll heard
desperately

 

tll'ill Romeo's iii’t'tlvtl
vocals are nearlv nonexistent. with the excep-
tion of what can only be interpreted as bird
calls. Willi ii title like "Dance". the sting i‘tillltl
stand a little more upbeat to really get your
feet moving.

“Summer Rottiani’e" is a perfect example of
a song the Stones could have done before
This fasirpaced number is about a springing
lover whose llitllll interests are hedonistic.
Aside from the fact that it resembles
"Respcciable" in its basic tune. the song is
generally about the topics of sex and money
~ the prevailinti‘themes in many a Stones

before

song.

Now llltll Mick and Keith reside in NY C.
they have given the album a true City sound.
There are obvious references to streets like
Sixth Avenue in the sting "Dance". but more
itivcrwhelniing is the use of the music now
heard more than ever before on the streets of
NY. 7 reggae.

Reggae. with heavy bass and Caribbean
roots is nothing new to Jagger. Mick helped
Peter Tosh on vocals on Tosh's hit “Don't
Look Back". Reggae is the Stones only at»
tempt at trying something new on this album
and “Send it to Me" with its light Jamaican
sound is one of the best songs on the album.
Wyman's bass line and Jagger's accented
vocals act perfectly to keep you listening to
Mick's diplomatic plea for the world to send
liitti a girl.

“Let Me Go" is your basic Stones' rocker.
Familiar guitars coupled with different beats
make this song catchy as Jagger now pleads
for his lover to let him alone i I wish he'd
make up his mind.

The Stories rarely deal with politics and this
unfamiliarin doesn't help in the song "Indian
Girl". It comes across as a'Central American
political lesson that is thrown between the
album's love stories. Complete with latin
horns. percussion and strings. Jagger refers to
Che. the wages of war. death and famine. and
the hardships of the Indian girl who loses her
parents in the struggle,

Next is “Where the Boys Go“. if you ignore
its resemblance to “When the Whip Comes
Down" it can be viewed as another tip-tempo
song for the ladies of the listening audience. as
Jagger reveals where attd why the boys go
wherever they go.

Hard to believe. but the Stones once played
top-rate blues songs. Upbeat blues was their
strong point in their early years. This beat hit
home with the mods and gave the Stones an
early following. Their invasion of America
came when soul and moloivn were getting
popular and Merseyheat bands, like (ierry
and the l’ticenialters. had made it big. finter
the Stones and ltWtIUS;w‘

 

Stones Su

   

I
IAlL.“ . it u.
‘ .

“Down In the Hole" is sung with all kinds of
blues. The song contains a bluesy beat. New
York City street performer Sugar Blue plays a
fine harmonica. The vocals are sure to make
you sad as Jagger reveals the struggle of life to
be nece55ary since everything, even cigarettes.
are down in the hole which is life.

The title cut. “Emotional Rescue". was
thought to be the theme of the whole album.
Instead. only this song touches on that theme.
Our poor misguided subject is a girl who is
married to a man for his money and is now.
according to Jagger. sexually deprived. Mick.
'on his white horse. comes to her rescue.

'. I

 

v -:‘-".

Wyman and Watts are the standduts on this
song. providing a heavy tight bottom. and
with Bobby Keys playing an interesting sax the
song takes on a haunting quality. The lalsettos
are also a good touch. but they resemble the
vocals heard on “Fool to Cry" (those rumors
about Jagger imitating the Bee Gees were
jokes — right?)

The hottest tune on this album is "She's So

nck. punk. jazz. swing. comedy.
ﬂblues. Carolynd Mas. The Pretenders.
Buddy Rich. Manhattan Transfer.
Blotto. Jorma. The associations are un-
mistakeable; their contributions to music are
often its; foundations and its pinnacles; names
that you had only heard on late-night radio
may suddenly he at the top of the charts. And
iii any given year there is an excellent chance
for you to catch these acts at a clubtthat itself
has just begun its acceleration —— JB. Scotts.
For many years there existed only two
auditoriums in Albany' that could attract the
larger acts. The Palace Theater. downtown
near the river. still stands as the largest indoor
concert facility In town. lts stage is awaiting
the'return of Bruce and his band. and the
perennial Kinks. Scheduled too for this year is
Marshall Tucker on September 23.
The other elder stage is owned by SUNYA
at Page Hall. It is a smaller. more personal
Utilitorium. but it 11' conventional in the sense

 

that the audience sits iii fixed-back seats. affor-

  

.iit..i.

m  stem” 1 s" c mm

Cold". It could have been on any other Stones
album. but being on this one, It takes on a
stronger quality. Richards‘ and Wood’s mixing
and soloing their guitar styles keep this tune
rolllng. Jagger goes from singer to screamer,
and the song has a dangerously Infectious
beat. “She's So Cold" is made for moving too.
"All About You" features Richards on
vocals. which is always different: Richards’
whine carries more bite and is a good break
from Jagger's vocal control over the album.
it has been 18 years since the conception of
the Rolling Stones. it has been a long and il-
lustrious career.

4 .

 

'1}

r

 

gone (Jones and T aylorl, catastrophes and jail
sentences averted. and lifestyles have remainv
ed separate. This is important ~ lifestyles. ln
itiany cases lifestyles dictate music and. with
this group. a lack of changing lifestyle can lead
to stagnation.

liarlier albums. like Exile on Main Street.
and Summit Majesiies came out when the
hand was living much more the rock star life.

‘Blotto, 'l'he 'I'rasl’er
And The Albany Sounds

ding minimal participation. Tickets are
reasonable. the prices being underwritten by
University Concert Board. You can see from
anywhere in the house. and most performers

do seem to enjoy playing to college audiences.

Manhattan Transfer opened up the
semester at JB. Scott's on Thursday night to a
packed house of mostly SUNYA'ns. From the
stage to the most distant seat is perhaps sixty
feet: there is a bar running the length of the
room. and Big Dom's owns the sandwich con-
cession in the back. In every sense it Is like
having a show in your own living room.

The Transfer's style is a new wave resurrec—
tion of 50's swing. In front of the session musl-
clans are four performers who have rehearsed
themselves down to each fltiger snap fit a
ninety minute Show. The choreography and
costuming are at least as good as their sound.
Having given new life to the famous
"Bitdlancf". and placing their pop hit “Twilight
Zone" on the major charts. their performance

Members have come and

 

Creativity came from within the group.

, Now. Watts raises Sheepdogs in Wales.
:Wyrnan gets artsy with Jazz and 95 year old ar-
lttsts in France. Jagger practices seclusion with
his neighbor John Lennon. Richards con-
tinues to try to prove his theory of heroin as a
cure for thqcommon Cold. Wood bubbles
through the excitement of It all.

They are so unique when apart. so well
matched when together. Still. the Stones are
some of the best musicians in the World.
Usually what they put down on vinyl is worth
listening to for talent alone. Emotional Rescue
is no exception. even if you think you've

.- .t- 

     

 

heard it before.

The Stones have reached a pinnacle. They
are not just survivors. but one of the best sur-
vivors. What other bands say is great. the
Stones can only accept as satisfactory. Three
are guidelines you must set and follow when
you are trying to prove yourself the best. After
18 years. maybe the Stones have nothing to

DTOVC.
was nothing short of sterling.

On Saturday night. J.B.’s guest was Blotto.
a band that may own the category of comedy-
rock. Hailing from points all around New
York. the band's originators met at Albany
State in the early 70's. Once dubbed The Star
Spangled Washboard Band. remaining
founders Broadway. Bowtie. and Sergeant
Blotto pushed the evolution to where they are
today.

Where are they today?

A number of New York City and Buffalo
stations have begun to play their EP (even
though they are unsigned). and this summer
they were the attractions at clubs like Hurrah's.
Trax. and My Father's Place. “I Wanna Be A
Lifeguard“ was voted the number two song of
the summer by WNEW-FM listeners -— first
was “Emotional Rescue". with ,two more
votes.

Deservlng special mention are Blotto's
cheerleaders. who will be providing the spirit
for the band's softball game with WQBK'S Pink
Flamingos on campus. September 21.

The calendar at J.B. Scott's is a busy one.
with four or live bands playing oti a given
week. Prices and times vary. biit schedules will
appear for all area performances in Friday's
Aspects. Stay Tuned!

 

 

 

 

 

- Ron Levy

 

    
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
    
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
     
    
  
 
   
 
    
  
     
  
   
   
   
 
   
  
   

 

 

 

 

 

  

   
   
    
  
    
   
    
 
 
   
 
  
    
  
    

    

