.~_-.:-:_ . <

.~..-,.. ~

would CapSUles

 

.
Energy Samplingr
ALBANY (AP) The state Power Authority announced
Monday that it will study the energy use of some 125,000
homes it supplies with electricity. to encourage insulation
and other energy-saving steps. And the agency’s talkative
chairman. John Dyson. took the occasiort to declare that
the Legislature was not guilty of “sloth” for not posing a
bill he wants expanding the authority's energy-conservation
powers even furtlter. Actually. ltowevcr. this year's version
of the bill Dyson was demanding has not cvett been irr-
trodueed by his boss. Governor Huglt Carey. Dyson did not
say whether lte considers Carey gtrilty of “sloth.” The new
“Button Up" program Dyson was announcing will offer
free surveys of home energy use to all tltc residential
customers served by the nttrnicipal power companies
around the state wlticlt btty their electricity frortt the Power
Authority of New York State. These custottters represent
only a relatively modest portion of the homes itt the state.
lint Dyson said he ltopcs a demonstrated success by his pro-
grartt will “prod” privtttc utility contpanics. which sertc
most New Yorkers. to trttdcrtakc it more aggressive effort
to sell their own conservation programs.

Plane Crashes in Storm

NEW YORK (AP) A twin-engine airplartc flying through a
thunderstorm It) a fog-shrouded I.a(iuardia Airport crash-
ed itrto the Iittst Riter n-ttr Rikcrs Island Mortday rtigltt.
authorities said. “I can't see the airport." tltc pilot told air
traffic controllers just before the plarrc frorn Fort Laude

Bridge at “:03 pm.. according to the Federal Aviation Ad-
ministration. A LaGuardia operations spokesman said that '
according to the plane's ﬂight plan. there were three per-
sons aboard — the pilot and two passengers. He said those
aboard had been tentatively identified. but would not
release their names. According to the ﬂight plan. he said.
the Beecbcraft “King Air" plane left Fort Lauderdale four
to six hours prior to the crash. Bill Nantz. FAA regional in‘
formation officer. said the airplane was en route to Run-
way 4 at LaGtrardia when it crashed.

Iran Blamed in Setback

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter administration blamed
internal Iranian rivalry ratltcr than a failure of U.S. efforts
Monday for the apparent setback in a plan to transfer the
hostages front the American Embassy in Tehran. The ad~
ministration also rejected a call by Iranian spiritual leader
Ayatollah Rultollalt Khomeini for interrogation of at least
sottte of the estimated 50 Americans by the United Nations
commission that has failed to gain access to them. While
saying the United States was “unalterably opposed" to the
proposal. State Department spokesman I'lodding Carter
stressed that no outside observer has yet scert all the
Americans since rttilitarrts seized the embassy Inst Nov. 4.
Meanwhile. a U.S. official who declined to be identified
said it was understood tltc comrttissiort would rtot issue a
report on its trip to Iran until all are seen by ptrrtcl
rttcrttbcrs.

Iranian St rikc in Fourth Day

MONROE. Lit. (Al’) Forty-seven jailed ltaniarrs‘. on the
fourth day of a hunger strike. claim they \\L'lt.‘ :trrcstcd itt
retaliation for tire sci/nrc of tire fifty Arttcricttns held
hostage itt Iran. attd will not cooperate at their rtr'raignnrcnt
today. their lttwycr says. "Apparently tltc officers were try-

 

dale. Fla.. plunged irtto the river north of the Hell 01f I .
mole Over the Horizon

 

xxxxx x .xx

Anoiiryd A pus

 

Anti-Rape Seminar

“There ltavc been over 35 assaults on women in Pine
Hills this school year." reports .Iittt Williartts. Director of
SUNYA's Department of Safety. In' response to this
emergency situation. the President's Task Force on
Women's Safety is sponsoring a pattcl discussion to answer
questions about this crisis. safety. self—defense. and the law
on sexual crinrcs artd ltarassntcnt ill the ltontc.
neighborhood artd classroortt.

Speakers vtilr irtcltrtlc Albrttry I).A. Sol Grecrtbcrg.
Albany Police Department employees l.t. .lolttt Dale artd
Detective Robert Kenyon.

No Draft Day

March I] is Statewide Anti-Draft Action Day. Rallies
will be held simultaneously on pttblic artd private colleges
throughout tltc state to protest the draft and registration
for the draft.

lite starcuidc protest day is tltc first event organized by
tltc Coalition for Peace. art tutti-draft. tutti—war network
composed of stttdcrrt orgatti/tttions and individuals frortt
high school and college carttptrscs tltrougltottt tltc state. The
Coalition was created at a rcccrtt SASU anti—draft cott-
r'erencc irt SUNY Albany.

The Conference arrtl tltc resulting Coalition for Peace
were developed itt response to the possible return of the
draft anti threats to peace. “This is response to President
Carter’s call for reinstatement of draft registration and
subsequent war moves.“ Coalition reports stated.

Coalition members oppose the reinstatement of draft
registration. military aggression. promote rtuclear disarma-
mertt attd reallocation of tire funds presently used for tire
military budget to the fulfillment of human needs.

students frottt almost every SUNY camptrs and several
private schools including chssclacr Polytechnic Institute.
Urtion College. and Cornell University.

Mice at the Rat,

'I he SUNYA rttotrsc saga apparently lives on but tltis tirtrc
it has developed in the Rat. According to art cycwitncss rtc-
counl frottr a concerned sttrdcrtt. two mice were spotted
behind the snack bar irt tltc Rathskcllar at approximately")
p.m. last night.

Art ASP reporter tlrcn questioned one worker who said
two of tltc rodents were rtrrtrtirtg around arid "made quite a
commotion.” I'wo other workers attempted to apprehend
tltc rtticc but failed.

th. according to tltc snack bar supervisor. no rtticc were
lcptrrlctl to hate been seen and that tltctc have never been
mice irr tltc kitchen before.

 

Members of the Coalition for Peace are comprised of

What's rtcw on tltc ltttrilon'! Well. only a new publica-
tiott by the same name. I'lm‘izu/r. tr bi-ntontltly Dutch Quad
rtewslcttcr. has ttrrdcrtakcrr tltc forrttidablc task of trrtitirtg
Dutch Quad sttrdcrrts. The first eight page issue was
distributed irt the stritcs last Wednesday. March 5. The
newsletter. coordinated by Editor-in-Chief Mindy
Rlll‘tillt)\\’iI/.. contains several articles on committee and ac-
tivity information rtttd free personals tlesigrtcd to keep
Dutch Quad students infortttcd urtd “together.”

No Nuke Credit

Wattt to lcarrt ltotv to do anti-nuke rest-arch artd get
credit for it'.’ Then corttc to tire first SASU statewide anti-
ttttkc cttrrfcrcncc frortt March r4-ro at tltc SUNY Albany
campus.

Local and rratiortal cxpcrts irt the nuclear field will pro-
vide the most trp-to-tlate information on Itow nuclear
power works. how it relates to weaponry artd ltow to op-
pttsc II.

Tips for creating effective campus organizations will be
presented in workshops along with ideas for anti-nuke ac-
tivities on and off campus. artd creating a statewide corn-
mtrnicarions network.

Speakers include: Sltirley Brand. board member of the
Safe lincrgy Coalition of New York. wlto will discuss what
nuclear power plants are. Itotv they operate and the pro
blcrtts of safety. waste. rtttiiatiort. artd alternative energy
sources.

l’ltillip lierrigrut. Icclttrcr. radical rtrtd author. now with
tltc Committee for Nonviolence. will address tltc problems
of livirtg near a rttrclertr site. the moral isstrcs surrounding
rttrclcrtr power artd disarmament.

Grocery Savings

The New York Public ltttcrcst Research Group. Inc.
(NYl’lRU) r'rnnounced today that Albany consumers cart
save up to almost five percent on their weekly grocery bill.
depending on where they shop. A two wcck survey of five
Albany area supermarkets found the Grand Uttitnt itt
Stuyvesant l’lrr/tt to be tltc least expensive and tltc A&P on
Central Avenue to he tltc most expensive. 'I‘hc results are
based trrt rt ntrtr'kct brtskcr price strrvcy of twenty-eight
rtcrrts.

"(‘nrcl'nl grocery shopping cart result itt a substantial sav-
ings for consumer-s." slalctl liarbrtt'rt Cohen. coordinator of
NYi’li((i's Supermarket Survey Ctrrttntittcc, “Ily
publishing tltc results of this survey. tltc Committee Iropcs
to make people aware of which markers have tltc lowest
prices."

l'lrc sur\cy found that the Albany Public Market irt
Wcstgate l’la/tt had tltc sccontl lowest prices witlt a price
variatiort of less than one perccrtt. ShopRitc on Western
Avenue ranked third with prices 1.4 percent higher than tltc
least expensive store. The remaining supcrrrrarkcrs rnrtkcd
as follows: l‘ricc ('Itoppcr' on Madison Avenue ranked
fotrrtlr with :t 3.4 percent variation and A&l‘ on Central
Avenue was tltc highest priccti store witlt prices averaging
4.3 percent abmc thos ' rtt tltc lowest priced. tirrurd Urriort.

 

J

ing [0 get the magic number of fifty." lawyer Marion Over-
ton White said Sunday. “The arrest Is political and racial.
They were singled out as Iranians and arrested. Some of
them were arrested off of the campus. others were arrested
in the parking lot. others were arrested in their cars," he
said. The forty-seven. and another Iranian who was releas-
ed on $l.00 bond Saturday. were arrested after tltcy broke
up a speech by a former Iranian diplomat Thursday at Nor-
theast Louisiana University. Tltcy were held on charges of
trespassing and resisting police officers after they shouted
down Ferelydoun Hovcyda. Iran's ‘ambassador to the
United Nations under tltc deposed shalt.

Troops Receive Supplies

KAIIUL. Afghanistan (AP) The Soviet Union ltas begun a
massive air and road supply caravan to support its
estimrtted 80.000 troops irt their long awaited spring offen-
sive against Moslent rebels irt Afghanistan. Giant four»
engine Ilytrshin jet transports of the Soviet civil airline
Aeroflot ltavc been landing and takittg off frortt Kabul Air-
port at a rate of one every 30 minutes over much ofthc pitsl
two tlttys. l‘he wltitc ttrrd blue planes lirtc up. often as rttrrny
rts fottr at a tirtte. along ttn auxiliary runway to disgorgc
their cargoes down ratttps front their wide rear doors. front
tire airport terminal building. scores of Soviet Stiltiis‘ls
cottld he scctt unloading wooden boxes front tltc wich
bodied planes. Witnesses rtl the tcrrttinal. some 400 yrtttls
front tire parked Soviet planes. wcrc unable to determine
what tltc boxcs contained. Tltcy were pilctl briefly llC\l It)
the planes before being loaded onto trucks and helicopters
that carried tltcttt from tltc airport.

Goldwater Blasts Nixon

NEW YORK (AP) Senator Barry (ioldwatcr says former
President Richard M. Nixon is basically dishonest. rtrrd
“came as close to destroying this country as arty one man itt
that office ever has come." Nixon. who resigned tltc
presidency irt I974 because of the Watergate scartdal. “hurt
the Republican ’arty and he lttrrt America." Goldwater
said on CBS's “60 Minutes" Sunday night. The Ari/trna
Republican said lie and Nixon worked together tr quarter of
a century. btrt that one morning. as tltc resigned trrtd
disgraced former prcsidcttt embarde on Iris second trip to
China. “something came tltrouglt my mind, just like irr rt
rttillisccorrd. 'l‘ltis guy's dishorrcst.’ Artd I said so." “I'm
convinced lte had it all his life. " Goldwater said at anotltcr
poittt. calling it “a basic tendency to think first of Richard
Milhons Nixort arid tltcrt tltirtk of anybody else irt the court»
try."

Israel to Release Six Prisoners

TEL AVIV. Israel (Al‘) Israel will release six jtnlcd ligyp-
tians as a gesture of peace to Egypt. an Israeli military
source said today. Jerusalem police, meanwhile. disarmcd a
bomb, apparently planted by Arab terrorists. near tt .lcwislt
neighborhood itt the city‘s Arab sector. The bomb was
discovered at a ltitcltltikirtg station for soldiers and a police
borttb squad cordoned off the area while the bomb was
safely distttarttled. police said. The Egyptian prisoners are
to be released Tuesday. tltc source said. cortfirrnirtg a state-
tttertt by an Egyptian rttilitary spokesman.

Council Refuses Hostages

TEIIRAN (AP) A member of Iran's governing Revolu»
tiortary Cottrrcil said the council would not take custody of
the Arttericarr hostages itt Tehran and that it was "un-
likely" that the U.N. investigating commission would
meet the American captives. the official Pars news said
Monday night. Tehran Radio said the five commission
members would probably leave the Iranian capital l‘trcs-
day. Ayatollah IIaItortrtr. u rnerttber of tltc Revolutionary
Council. said the rttajority of council members expressed
their unwillingness ttt trtkc over tltc hostages front tire
militants who sci/ed tltc U.S. Embassy Nov. 4.

Protest of Windfall Tax

WASHINGTON (AP) A group of oil producers. protesting
l’r'csrdcttt Carter’s “wirtdfail’I oil profits tax that Congress
ts expected to pass soon, ltrts set up an oil rig on tltc (‘ttpirol
mall. A caravan of about 30 vehicles. including oil
putnpcrs. trucks and buses. arrived Strrrdtty morning witlt
about lllt) oilrrtctt front Texas. Oklahoma rtrtd Arkansas.
Charles Morgan. art ittdcpcrtticttt oil producer and an
Oklahoma state '1, illtll'. said the group wants small prtr
tluccrs excrttptcd front tire prttposctl “windfall” trtx. llrc
227 billion dollar tax bill is now itt tltc House, where it is cv
pcctcd to be passed Wednesday or ’l‘htrt'stlrty and sent to the
Senate. where approval is also expected. Morgan said his
grortp wotrltl lobby Congress ttrrd public to support tln‘il
proposctl exemption.

xxx

 

xx xx xx

DATEllNE:
Manclt 1 0, 1980

x x

 

x xxx xx xx

 

March 11, 1980

m‘w-wmwomm 1» u

Albany Student Press

 

 

Class of ‘82 Allots Shack Credit

 

Cites Poor Meteringr Attendance

by Laura I-‘lorentlno

Ever wortder where your class
does go? Those attending recent
Class of I982 nteetitrgs have ctr-
joyed a snack and fotrrtd otrt iii the
process.

According to Class of ‘82
Secretary Stacy Waite. every
sophomore who attends a Class
Council rtteetirtg may purchase one
item (valued up to one dollttr) from
the Ratltskcllar otrt of class funds.

This policy was recently in-
stituted by a 5-1 vote, when Council
members felt it would ctrcotrrage
greater attendance at meetings. said
Class of '82 President Drth Fried-
rttan.

According to Friedman. tltis ac-
tiotr is ftrndcd by "petty cash irt the
Class of I982 account."

All class cxpcnscs trttdcr $25 are
dealt with by means of vouchers.

which are sertt to SA for approval.
Petty caslt. sttid Friedman. is
brotrgltt to the meeting. and the en-
suing Ratltskellar receipts are
tallied. After this tnortey has been
subtracted. all change is put back
into the fund. he explained. '

Friedman cites other' class
organizations which purchase
dotttrts and tttilk for their meetings.
Instead of wasting leftover donuts.
Ire said. they should ttccottttttodate
directly those students who come to
meetings.

Clas of I982 Board member
Mary Ellen Stthrltoff claims that
typical meetings draw only tert to
fiftccrt people —- lert of wltottt are
Council Board members. “This is
why we've started tltis policy." said
Strbrhol'f.

However. according to Class of
‘82 board rttcrttbcr l’ttttl Costcll.

Carter-Mondale Rep
Rallies S UN YA Support;

Jacobson DefendsPrLI.

by Robert (iortlon

National Carter-Mondale
representative Elliot .Irtcobson
spoke bcl'orc approxinttttcly 2i)
sttrdcrtts irr tltc Campus Center last
Thursday to rally on-crtntpus sup-
port for tire upcoming prcsidcrttial
clcctiort.

.lttcohsorr. irt an attempt to draw
sttrdcrrt campaign \oltrrttccr's.
dcfcntlcd Carter‘s ptcsitlcrttinl
rccotd for tltc past three years. “i lc
puts national security bcfrrrc
politics," strrtctl Jacobson. referr-
ing to tire l‘rcsidcrtl‘s refusal to
it'mc Washington tinting tltc pr'c-
scrtt crisis irt Iran and Afghanistan.

flrc rcpt cscrttrtt ivc also supported
('artcr's ctrrrcttt economic policy.
stating that tltc major cause of tltc
ltiglt inflation and soaring energy
costs are being caused by “outside
forces otrr of otrr control."

.lttcobson added that the l’rcsi-
dcttr‘s energy plan should rtllcvirttc
this problem irt tltc years to come.

Calling Carter a “tr'trc
pcrtccntakcr." Jacobson citctl strclt
acbicvcrrtcnts as tltc Camp David
accord ttrttl tltc l’rcsitlcnt‘s present
handling of tire Iran and

Afghanistan pr'ohlctrts.

When asked to comment on the
Carter adrrtinistration‘s vote for a
UN resolution condemning lsr'rtcli
policy in occupictl territories.
.lllL'tihsttIl said it was nothing tttorc
than it "bureaucratic mishap“ and
that the rrtlrttirtistrtrtion‘s corrtntit-
rttcrtt "to Israel‘s security is still llllr
shrtknltlc.

Jacobson ticlcrttlctl tltc l’rcsi»
tlcrtt‘s decision to reinstate tcgistrrt»
tion ot ynnrn: llIt.'|I trs "a necessary
conscrticncc" ltrr tltc t'trtt-rrrtttcttt itt
tltc crtsc ol rrtr itttcrnntittrtal crisis.
He added that ('tutcr would lc:t\c
all diplomatic rtptitrns opcrt bcfrrrc
tltc use of military force.

.lrtctrltson ttrts confidcnt that New
York will he tltc lendcr in deciding
tltc Dctttocrutic rtorttirtcc. with the
upstate region pulling itt tltc majori-
ty of tire sttttc vole. llc ttddcd that
tltctc is trtttclr Critter support on col-
lcgc crnttpuscs and that students
need to “tttobili/c" ltt vorc.

Stew (itrbclmrtn. \icc president
of tltc on»c:tmptrs (frn Icr' campaign.
rtttribtrtctl tltc Ittu turnout at the
meeting to tltc luck of pnblrciry.

V .
(m
ll'tl
turns n

[V 10:59 President Dave Welrttrtttth

Lack of senior (Inns (It'lt'l

or even/s and raises prim-x.

(Photo.- WI'I/ Yunnan)

this policy is “not working."

“We’re not getting people
down.” Ire said. “We‘re lucky ifwe
get seven or eight people to a
meeting."

Council members have effected
an amendment to the new pro-
cedtrre which lifts tltc incerttivc itt
the event of attendance by greater
than 15 people. In this case. said
Costell. tltc group will btry one big
item to accommodate all those pre-
sent. '

Wltile SA Controller Craig
Weinstock does not view this policy

('Ulllfllllt'll on page five

s as “may

‘ 'II rul ‘ttunell member Steve To al

" . . . this is not the way to spend class money

(Pita/(11' Sue Taylor)

Draft Focus - APC Teach-In

by Sandy Scltrtlkoultt

Fear. indignation. and thoughts
of nuclear war are among tltc scu-
tintcnts tltc conscription has cvtrk—
ctl. With these emotions irt ntirttl.
anti-draft groups tltlttss tltc rtntiort
continue ttr opposc registration rtrtd
tltc draft. The Albany I’cncc Coaliv
tion (Al’(') is among those
organizations pursuing «tn-going cl"-
lttrts to stop tltc draft.

As quoted from 'I'lrt'
I’mlt-t-wurkt'r. tltc AI’C newsletter.

“I'Itc Albany I’cttcc Coalition is a
young. trotting group of in-
tlitidrrals ttrttl orgrrni/ntions irt tltc
Albany corrtnnrnlty. ()trt common
bond is ttpltttsilittll to the irttcrna»
tionrtl insanity that tltrcrttcn tltc
control \\ c have met our owrt lives.
lltc Al't'k purposes are tlrrcc-foltl:
\\k‘ tililitist' lllll\\‘\ ll)\\ili'(i \\"'.II'. \\'L'
are rtyrrtnst reinstatement of
registration and tire draft. and we
promote pcrrcclttl rtltcttttttitcs for
L'trltlilt'l tc‘tttltllitttl.H

The Albany l' -are ('oulltlon (AI’C) sponsored rt t each-in on the draft
Dru/"I (It‘lit'MIII. like In I/It' .Vt't'llt‘ llinI’l‘. rr/r/u'rrrt In hr' nn l/lt' I‘IM'.

Class or 1980 l

Lacking Senior Dues

('lrrss trf I‘Nl scrtitrr's may be ltit with prrcc hikes or tltc deletion of

class :tclitttics as rt rcstrlt of student I‘rtilrtrc Ill
to class l’rcsitlcnt |)avc Weintt'rtub.

pnv ducs. according

A ctrrttpntcri/ctl list of scnittrs shows that only 25 pcr'ccnt of the
graduation clrtss has paid tltc fivc dollar I’t-c, \\'citttr:ttrlr said l'trttthrtg
events such as I'orclt Night and grtttltnrtron ii‘rl‘ii \till be difficult if

this trcrtd continues.

l'hc president bclic\cs that tltc alteration of SllNi'A's billing for-
miu is partially responsible for llrc scniors‘ neglect to pay lltcir tlttcs.
Prior to tire fortunl change on tltc lllliltlll bill. individuttls would
deduct the cost ttl optional charges such .ts t'lass tltrcs and l’ivc-(Jtutd.
SUNYA‘» \olttntccr rtrttbtrltnrce service. if they did not wislt to pay.

lltc current format rctluir‘cs sttrtlcnts to add the amount for op»
littttill scrviccs onto tltc rest of tltc mandatory charges. Weintrrntlt
fccls llris system attributes to the poor rcsportsc by tltc senior class,

The Senior (‘lttss Council. Weintrntrlt said. is making art effort to
rectify problem of ittck of funds and to encourage seniors to pay
their dues. I‘Itc Council passed rt resolution to provide discounts on
senior cvcrtt tickets for students who hate paid their dttcs. ltt addi-
tion. tltc dc..dlinc for tron-paid seniors to pay the fee to tltc llttrsttt"s‘
office will be extended to April I. \‘v’cintrtntb hopes this rtetvly .s'ct
deadline will encourage students to prty tltc five dollars.

 

~—l.t‘t|ll Kruklnttwskl J

In keeping with its goals, the
AFC sponsored 2r teach—in on
March H to educate the public on
tltc anti-draft issues. Speakers.
presenting \ttrions views and feel-
ittgs on tltc \\£It‘. addressed art art-
tlicrtcc at tltc College of Saint Rose.

SUNYA Political Science pro-
fcssor Ratnnrrnl Scitlclmttn discuss»
ctl American 1 ti :‘rgr I‘tlii 'y irt 'igltt
rrl tltc \‘ictrtatrt our and the rccent
tiL‘\k‘it)|\llIL‘lli\ rtt Iran and
.'\l‘ghttnistttrt. llc lltllL'ti that tltc rc-
ccrtt ctiscs |t.tvc prorrrptctl a
".c-evaltrrttion ol :\lllt.'liL‘lllI lltirtk-
log." with sltcss ttrt tltc issues of
tcrtttttrtrttcttt. tltc tltrtl't. war. and
rtttti-(‘ottttttttttisl ttrtd anti-Soviet
ideals.

Ilc pointed out tltttt tltc
“I'trrttlntrtcrirrtl porters ltnvc rtot
clrnrtgcd sincc tltc |‘)7()s." The
strategies rhrrrrgc. c\p|rritrcti
Scitlclrrttrrr. but tltc political.
economic. ltIIti srrt‘irtl clitc arc tltc
srttut‘. lrtstcrttl of deployment.
llttttps “ill he sent to trorrblc spots
which would lend to ultimate
rruclcrtr corrl'rtrrttrrtrorr. “We would
find trtnscltcs irt rt i'trntlzrrtrcrtlally
capitalist \vrtr ltL'L'illlsL' ttfrt return to
tltc srtrtrc rhetoric of tltc l‘)(t()-(t3
Viclrntnt crrr sentiments."

Vietnam war \ctctart l’tttrl
Shcliltrtrttcr snid lie was scrtl against
his will ill fight it urn ltc Iilti not
believe in. Sottn aim being shipped
t)\L‘I’HL'(I\. he was |trt by rttrtcltinc gnu
lift: and sent back to tltc US.
Slrcllltarrtcr wants to "stop ctrcrsiott
ol those who the young artd illlpl‘c‘
siortnblc ntttl who do rtot ttndcr‘s-
land the actual notions of war."

He concluded. with tears in Iris
cycs. “Killing is wrong. The .trntctl
forces are for killing. l‘ltc draft is to
supply tltc ru‘rttctl forces with
human beings. I ct" see that tltctc is
no draft."

Warning that tltc threat of war irt
lrrtrt rtrtd Afrzharristrtrt could result
irt nnclcttr' wrrr. liob Cohen of the
(‘ztpitttl District Anti-Nuclear
Alliance. said it would he ncccssztry
to stop registration rtrtd tltc draft.
"(.'onfrontrttion irt rt nucl'rtr age
can lend to nuclear war." added
('olrcn. who also noted that a cott-
wmional war at lltis tirtte seems to
be improbable. “I-‘ight tttilitar'ists.
fight for surtrvttl irt a nuclear age.
No tlr'nl't. No wrtr'. No nukes."
stressed Cohen.

Albany l,n\v School student lid-
ttrtr'd linhrrncisrcr spoke about tltc
c'onstiltlliortnlily of the draft. Ac-
cording to Iltrt'ltmcistcr. rt peace-
time draft is a direct violation of the
l.lt|t amendment. which prohibits
involuntary servitude or slavery.
The U.S. govcrruttent. explained
tltc student. ltus ways tltrotrglt tltc

continued on page five

 

