 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

 

    
 
  

  
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
  

‘1 . 7‘va up“... wan—cg.“ ~~ . - r . - v. "“ Th
.  - . The Editor s Aspect
i ' ‘-*sir¢r*1zir¢ir «  ' =  -

  I: w GI I on. he
 l. "."’°°09OOOOQOoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooon. \ a

l' ., The Student. “ﬁg Ara-1125. 1930
 U ' C l I ".f‘v Notebook: With (E)
j mveisiiy oncert Board graduation Closing in. The Studen .-f#\" I.

this week the Friday Notebook: Eb. -‘

  
 
 
 

As group leaders we have found SA
unresponsive to our needs. Their understan-
ding of our goals and projects have been
negligible. Since SA has no knowledge of
what happens in our respective groups, the
budgeting process has been a difficult one, for
both us and SA. We feel that we have af-
fected many more students than SA proper,
yet SA only seeks us out when they need our
1. help. For these reasons we are supporting
  for SA president since she has
been responsive to our needs. She knows our
problems and has dealt with our issues as an
active member of several SA groups. We will
not be ignored. We urge you, as concerned
students, to pick up your tax cards and show

your unified support for 
Thank you.

-' Obsarver goes off the Wanderer and Flo. lhe

p '. l ' M Wall and takes a stab llbrarlan. Both are
,' ,  at songwriting. Mean~ JOUI'neylng through
RA I E U  “ - while, across the time and space and
t i, Atlantic Sea. we catch Chance to meet in the
, ' ' I a glimpse of Sandcas- SUNY library one
. k I
Feature: What's his

tle magic and secret uneventful Friday
passageways. Lon. afternoon. lt's love at
l ' ‘ ‘   " ~ sound 8‘ VialO'“ Honor. Mayor Erastus
ON  E  I I ‘ .-_ ' Mimi” MU“ once Corning like? Former
- "r “tamed '0 be God- ASP news editor Jill
. C
11.00 AM - 2.00 pM

The graduate stood in the parking lot, his heavy black gown
weighing on him like an oppressive heat blanket. Amid a whirl of
Confusion — mothers with sweat dripping onto made-up faces,
[others trying to hold the Camera still. and other graduates. frocked In
black, hugging each other, waving goodbyes — this graduate eeked
through the crowd to get in the middle of it. Cars blowing horns, and
a teary eyed little girl who lost her mommy, circled him. The mad
frenzy of the late May afternoon circled him. He felt like an axis ofa
huge wheel. The wheel spun furiously but in no direction and in less
than a half hour the wheel slowed its revolution and stopped. The
kids and the snap happy fathers and sweating mothers had gone.
Even the little girl had found her mommy and left. The graduate was
left alone in the parking lot. in the axis of a wheel that ceased to be.

The sky on the edge of the world seeped with red and yellow
streaks as the sun settled. The opposite sky on the other edge was
stained purple, the color of death. Stars ignited, a silver sliver of
moon rose. It was the twilight of just another day.

The graduate turned away from lhe dying myriad pastiche of the
sun and walked towards the purple edge and the highway. Cars sped
along listening to llit‘ radio. It was just another highway up there. It
would take him away, further away from the dying ambers, further
towards the purple horizon. further along . . . the twilight zone.

    
 
 

.. A ~7...,,-.,.:‘;‘ <

  
 
  
  

" dents cumug on page first flight on page 4a.

Now he stars iir Serial, Haber talked with
a iilirr about trying to Albany's Shah ~ a,
‘ Im’L’l Gmlt And Wlllle glimpse of the man
NllU WimlS l0 59“ a who has ruled Albany
million records. For 5mm 194]. See page \

details. mosey on 5m
down to page 9a.

       
  
 

  
  

We l-IAVE 'l'l-IE besr

AVAllAblE TleEl’S

Centerfold: The in .~_ -
' Sound 8: Vision: side story on 'I
Daryl Hall is a season- (lrossgaies. The peo-
‘ ed vet and Cowboy ln- pie behind it. the peo- " '
ternaiional is a new pie against it. The v
' New Wave band. Both Pyramid Construction 
have albums just out Company is forging

You are entering another diirrension: a dimension of space
(closing in) and a dimension of time (running out). But before you
start on that long journey irrio the unknown we'd like to giVe you a
preview of what to expect from lllt' on a little planet called Earth. it's
a planet of great greens and blues when viewed lrom an extrater»
resiial‘s eye View. Yet it's a planet that at any moment could he ex—

  
         
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Bvr l'l-IERE ARE nor many

  
 
  
  
  
    
 
  
 
  

,.
_ . t _ . and both will surprise ahead Willriis plans to l' iirrguished by the blood hands of ignorant men whose values of
‘.. Evan  Chairperson UniverSlty Concert . l f ll you. Read all about it. buy 107 acres of  " ‘ greed and sublimated Idlst preclude an appreciation for those blues
Board E T   T   PM“ at PI‘K'ClUUS WllllL’l‘nUSS and greens. it is a planet ruir by men who take the natural and the
' ’ ' and ttrrri it into yet supernatural for granted. Case iir point; the Pyramid Construction
another mega- Company: an organization that prides itself on its ability to rape

vice-chairperson UAS Board of Directors

Ellen Dinner-vice-chairperson Speakers Forum —

Ronald G. Hock-Legal Services Director ’

Noreen McKeon-Food Co-op Manager army mean"?!

Feminist Alliance

Eric Foreman-chairperson Albany State ' “like
Cinema 4&-

Joe Frei-former SA presidential candidate

Eric Block-treasurer of Telethon ’80 NW

Steve Oster— Former Managing Editor of :- l '

the Asp. -itc““‘\turt,..- lb? 

 

nature, kill existing species, and steal Man's most precious natural
resource. it does so so it can build shopping malls and parking lots,
great palaces of preformed steel and plastic. These malls have
become shrines for the people who flock to them who think they'll
get satisfaction of their needs iir those antiseptic, Muzaked halls.
They are halls of spiritual vacuum, with plastic potted plants, car-
cinogenic meals. and vulgar lurid ploys to exploit our most incipid
weaknesses. in fact they are so vulgar they would be laughable if we
could forget about all that death it took to get them built.

Only God can make a true and only Mair can destroy them all.

A piece of advise front the twilight zone to your home town: only
you can prevent the thraslier,

Spiritual Graffiti ‘

“ll you didn't care what happened to me,

And I didn't care [or you.
We would zlg lag our way through the boredom and pain.

J Fiction:ln defense of shopping mall. Find ' ‘
' ' ' ' , poetry. this week's tic» out how and why on ‘
tlon page presents, for the centerfold.
your listening and din-
ing pleasure: alliteia
tion. metaphor, Survival Guide:
11 y p e r b o l c , Getting a degree in
onamalapoea. simile, English can be as easy
synecdoche, oxanrxia “5 quoting
and iambic pen. Shakespeare and the
tameter. DisCover the fact is, you can fool
versatility of verse on some of the teachers ,
page lOu. all the time, A season-
ed SUNY
"undisclosed" major
m surviva| Guide: A1 takes a poke at this
WSUNYA, sneaker-5 venerable department.
)

 

 

 

 

at ttir

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       

Saul Gonzal who" “1. U as no” "i t i ‘ L ‘ "1i  may be vssemial for "'0 1’” 0r "0‘ '“ l‘“ - ‘ -
eZ‘treasurer Of Fuerza Latina “mar 0““ “won   pf. . i . survival ri‘hev just on page 11a. Occasionally glancing up through the rain.
M 0m“ 1 . h t  m m n '11“) 0'“ r H‘d Wondering which of the buggers to blame
‘ J l‘ 5’ ‘ ‘ And watching [0! Pill“ 0“ “‘9 Wing'"

 

—' 'l
faster and Work Next Week: Ten Years — Pink Floyd

longer. Check out

what's shakin' on page After Kent state

Mike Fried-Albany State Cinema chair elect l"  E  "l
Dave Montanaro-University Concert chair ' '

 

 

 

“The truth lo written all along the page. How old will I be

elect   ..--d
John McKenna-AMIA   Photo  The week ‘ . behwlmme on“ tom”, _ m

 

 

 

 

 

 

_ Fenlurin Th Be I
Nicole Dumont-Food Co-op Manager cwmyhdc“ 511'":
Am A - v .
P V uerbach Record Co-op Manager f.§l§f$§&olf°lllmu 
“I T- Heneghan-WCDB Program Director con“Mm-nu...” “twistiti’tt”
5C0” InSWEJIld-Record Co-op Manager  .
nrro nor-rim nu“ lltllitns
not aim Stuart Matranga
El \I n . I
ococoa-0.00.00...coo-coo.coco-cooooooooooooo.......  0|: "3?;gg‘tﬁgt s‘ancggﬁngsasu BohOBrian I
W/MUEIKMUT 5t:- Assuciute Editor

 

l ‘ Elli Uitjis mutton at an); pub Rob Edelatein

,.  * * * * * .‘ifrittay 8: §aturhay Qprit 25 8c 26

59.111. - 1:30 am.

iiuturrsttu Auxiiiuru Drruluti ﬁputtaurrh

Design and Layout
Creative Arts Editor “on Lew Sound & Vision Editor
Sue Gerber . H CH“ Sloan

Staﬂwﬂtoro: Al Baca. Bob Blau, Edirlt Beitison, Tom Bonfig'ilia.
Rube Clnque, Lisa Denenmark, Andrea DiGregorio, Jim Dixon, Dave
Gaynsler. Cindy Grelsdorl. Beth Kaye. Larry Kinsman, Thomas
Martello. Steve Oster, Mark Rossier. Gary Silverrnan. Laurel
Solomon, Audrey Specht. Bruce Wulkan. Greg Zarider
Graphlco: Sue Benjamin. Evan Garber. Martv Qaiani

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  "A?

'(f 5 M‘mmvmm [A Dlvorolonl: Vinnie Alello
  t Concept: My Card. Ltd.

:3 s

, .

.9
- . 1wﬁéﬁwﬁws4M   ._ . ~ - roadways», -, v ,1 hugsxthwwp . ,r   ,i..._...v.~..»..wr hut-"inn m»: -.~ . L J  g
M. M v r. . .  .. . . ._.._... . v I W...  .  v . ,. u...»  .   .. _... we.-.»«Mama‘s...t.m.w.m..uW-nmw

    

