columns

The Road To Change
Can Only Start With

The politics of change. of revolution. has
been one of the most trying topics of discus-
sion for some of the world's greatest minds:
Karl Marx, V.l. Lenin. Mao Tse-Tung. Leon
Trotsky. etc. Revolutionaries have fought
amongst themselves over the correct means
upon which to accomplish an agreed end.
Questions of tactics have often caused huge
rifts among revolutionaries with similar ob-
jectives. This conflict still exists today. in the
political left and especially in the student
movement as well.

Student politicians today consist mainly of
“utopian revolutionaries" (as l shall refer to
them). These people believe that if people
were only educated as to what the issues
were. how these issues are exploiting them,
etc.. the people will see the faults in the
system. become politically active, attd change
those faults. These utopian revolutionaries
want change to occur tltrouglt the dcntocratic
process. as nuttterous examples will explain:
public outcry to force Congress to clintinatc
the use of nuclear power, pressuring Carter
to abolish the dratt proposals by massive
demonstrations against the draft, etc. I cart
understand tlte tttopiatt revolutionaries and
their philosophy because, until rccerttly. l
was ortc of them. Utopian revolutionaries
have all the rigltt goals. No nuclear power or
weapons. equal rigltts for all people. freedom
of choice for women. a redistribution of
society’s resources, anti-draft. anti-big
business. etc.

The utopian revolutionaries do not have
the power to change society democratically.
for we do not live iii a democracy and the
utopian revolutionaries assttntc we do. We do
not ltvc itt a democracy because of a variety
of reasons includittg the fact that tltc political
power attd money of the special irttcrcst
groups negate the vote of arty individual or
group of individuals. Tlttts the individual
vote is useless. All campaigns are financed by
contributions which enable the campaign to
work and get the people to vote. The money
that keeps politicians in political races is pro
vided mainly by groups with a speciﬁc pur-
pose in mind: protecting their own interest.
These special interest groups invest their
money on American politicians irt order to
influence the coarse and directiott of
American economic and political policies.
The result is that student demonstrations full
on deaf ears. The politicians are no longer
dependent upon the people, but on the

Dreams

special interest groups.

The only way a revolution can occur in this
country is through a series of well coor-
dinated actions that involve direct action and
will act to restructure the present society in
an effort to create, by necessity if need be. a
new society. The man who first envisioned
this reasoning was V.l. Lenin. Lenin saw that
the masses were being exploited and evolved
a philosophy that included what actions were
needed to be taken in order to actually ae-
cotrtplish a revolution, not just envision
one.

A vanguard party. such as one envisioned
by Lenin. could presently be created itt tlte
student tttovetttcrtt. There exists some true
revolutionaries and enough dissatisfied uto-
piart revolutionaries to create this vanguard
party that if formed, would radically reshape
the student movement. Tlte need for n rrtorc
realistic tactical approach must be installed
irtto the studettts' minds. Revolutionary ac-
tivity must be directed, forceful and effec-
tive. Nothing is accomplished wltcrt yott peli-
tiott your Congresspcrsort or the President

(as tltc American Olympic athletes will attest
to). Let's occupy more nuclear sites artd let's
blockade the shipments of nuclear wastes.
These actions will show the intense concern
on tltc part of America‘s youth attd rttay even
increase the costs of operating such facilitics
uttder the threat of student action. that it
might become economical for firms and
agencies to change policies. Only by direct
action will our goals be obtained.

The forces of reaction are growing stronger
every day. Unlike Karl Marx, 1 do not feel
that tlte masses will be able to reaclt a poittt
upon which they refuse to be furtltcr ex-
ploited attd revolt in mass. Every day we wait
for a natural, spontaneous revolution, itt the
Marxian sense. we .sittk dccpcr ittto repres-
siotv Ortc cart publicize tltc gains beittg made
by the rcprcssors: oil prices rising so ltiglt and
so fast that ottc cannot accttrately predict the
rate, corporate profit margins at record highs
while the ttatiort enters a “recession.” the
percent change irt earnings increasing 106
percent for Texaco, 68 percent for Gulf ()il.
attd lth percent for Exxon as we consumers
are told to accept tltc high price for gasoline.
Reactionary government pumping money in-
to the arttts industry and threatening war in
various parts of the world where special
trading itttcrcsts are threatened. is this
Atttcrica the llcautiful?

viewpoint

 

Dutch Slobs

To the Editor:

Well. it’s about that time when someone
from UAS complains about some of its
customers rather than some of them com-
plaining about UAS. Thus. l'd like to ad-
dress this letter to the Dutch Quad dining
community (you other quads might want to
listen up. too) on behalf of myself and my
fellow cafeteria workers . . .

There are many things that i can handle.
such as your remarks concerning some of the
meals we serve and even some of your excuses
when you “forget” your mealcards. But
there are more things that I cannot handle.

First. there's the mess in the dining room.
if you’re ever around at the end of a meal
you can't help but notice all the garbage left
on the tables and especially the ﬂoor —
napkins. newspapers, dishes, glasses. silver-
ware. . . and food. It's not pretty to see and
it's a lot less pretty to have to pick up half.
eaten Iantbcltops, chicken legs, rolls and
melted ice cream. When you "drop"
something (i should ltopc you didn‘t throw
it). please pick it up attd keep it on your tray
—- that's what it's for. Also, for those of you
who leave its your trays — thanks. but no
thanks! Remember. tltc conveyor belt is a
rttcrc tctt paces frottt the stairs. Oh! And for
those of you on Kosher. tltct‘c's also a gar-
bage cart tlterc where you can deposit your
paper goods.

Second. tltc wa) tilth of you treat tltosc of
tts hcltittd tltc scrvittg littc needs improve-
tttcrtt. Sorry, bttt we cannot read minds, so it
is up to you to tell its what you want — i.c..
no gravy before we pour it. We'd also ap-
preciate it if you would bring back your
plates when coming for seconds attd thirds.
Dishcrew docs ttot ttced to worry about three
plates per tray — or five glasses for that mat-
ter (ever wonder why the dining roortt cort-
stantly rtttts short on glasses?). Oh yes. and
please try not to stuff tltettt with fottr
napkins. mashed potatoes and art ice cream
cone.

Thcsc grievances artd others generally only
apply to a minority of yott Dutch diners and
you krtow who you are (so do we. bttt we‘re
oftctt too busy to play cafeteria monitor —
besides. it shouldn't be necessary). Yes. i
know this is an age of individuality. httt cott-
l'orttting irt this onc instance to cleanliness
attd consideration wouldn't ltttrt. ltt fact. it
would make dittittg and working on Dutch
(attd other quads) much nicer.

—— llrtrbara Rengcr

 

Sigma Tau Bow-out

To the Editor:

This past spring sctttcster ltcrc lll Albany
has witnessed tltc loss of tr fourteen year
tradition of brotherhood. lost only irt the

 

 

sense that

gma Tau llcta l‘t'ttcrttity no

longer is able to maintain its housing re.
quirements, therefOre, we are forced into ter.
minating our charter.

What will never be lost, though, are the
numerous community service projects per.
formed by this group. including sponsoring
blood drives for the American Red Cross,
fund raising for the American Cancer Socie-
ty. sponsoring parties for a local school (m
the retarded. and other social functions for
the entire university. Although the past few
years have shown a sharp decline in tire at-
titudes of the students and administrators
alike toward the organization. many of these
adverse feelings have been left unsubstan-
tiated. No group at any level Olautltorit) can
expect to be able to restrict the actions of all
its members. There are times when in-
dividuals are responsible for an act of distur-
bance. but there can be no rcctitudc itt putv
ting the burden on the entire fraternity.

Recently, I have learned ofthe ltctltclltltttts
popularity of fraternity life on this crtttttttts
during the sixties and early seventies. | ttttl)
wish that i could have been part ol this and
that this type of college life still L'ttltltttttctl
here at Albany. Since 1 have spent iu~t tlllL‘
year as part of Sigma Tau Beta. this year has
shown the so many good times that turn only
be sad that this sort of brotherhood r. on its
last leg.

Although this fratcrttity won‘t be .ttmntd
after this semester, l cart say that it an». the
single tttost helpful influence that l lltt'tk' en-
countered wltilc itt college and i only lctltct
that rttorc students cottld ttot give it a chance
attd feel wltat fraternity life is full“) Itlc

—— Mark ('istctmno
'l'tvasttrct,

Sigma '| Mt lit'lil
it)“; so

Read and Let Head

To the Editor:

This letter is meant to clarify the own I
tried to set fortlt in my article lltll‘ll'ilt’tl
under the title “Why We Must l-igln" Ill lllt'
April l2 Aspects. The article underwent
various changes between the author's
typewriter artd the printed page. One or thm
was beirtg shorterth to better fit lltc ilsslt‘llt'ti
space — something well within lllt.‘ L'Llllttl's
rigltts. However, this was rtot all. llcstdcu v1»
ing this rather misleading title to nn .rnnunt
piece. the editors of Aspt-t-It took it on
themselves to tinker with the political u intent
of the article.

When l agreed to write the article 1 arts
given to understand that l was free [It c\]ttc\\
the viewpoint of the Young Sortrtlisl
Alliance, the organization to which I lll‘ltlllllr
But when tltc article appeared itt pttnt.
found that tile last two paragraplts csptwnl
a quite different poittt of victt. lll plttcc ol the
arguments l presented itt favor ot vmtallsl
candidates, we read the hate fact that llIL‘
Swirtlist Workers Party is "again" lllllllltlr'

 

 

 

 

 

 

$9527 EM WUQJUE
73%;? i
l .
out
at h

LUTHE ’709 wErosr OUR

d2? 323% $7 WW

 

 

ll) THE ’505
5 L05wa

 

 

id? (06% m 8% 055606409

WOLENCE (UAR AND
W (OM “

f-

 

 

 

.” v 2'3“ ‘41"! ,
.t M ‘-

1

Memo-rte ,
of H rro 

.  ., t'
"y en Inuit

hen he heard the first bit of newaPhil'
Tompkins was alone at his desk puffing on
a cigar. Sincethlscampus office had been
’ uncommonly, cold that particular. Monday
orning, he wastiorcedjto finish up his work atiho’r‘ne lrt V
ent. But the cha'v'g'e'was o‘po avail —— he ,hadntrouble   H
inking straight'all. clay“ .Aéso‘rted lecture notes and r ‘
terlals lay scattered ‘ ‘ '
' he ofﬁce may have é
. ite, hethlysthrough ‘
‘ 'ardsm it; anarv't‘a‘qltce
it an

 

