   
      
     
    
      
    
   
  
   
 
    
   
  

     
   
      
      
      
      
   
            
     
        
         
         
         
       
         
    
       
    
         
    
  
       
     
 
        
          
           
     
        
    
     
        
        
        
  
  
      
  
       
    
  
     
       
     
     
 
     
    
      
      
    
     
       
     
     
   
   

 

Push Push

Paint one gold star on SUNYA bus driver Mike Vartuli's
’sun visor for service above and beyond tlte call of duty.

At 3:00 Tuesday afternoon. Vartuli found himself going
nowhere when a car stalled in front of his bus in heavy traf-
ﬁc at Main and Washington. He backed up. with naviga-
tional directions from students seated at the rear. and was
about to pull ittto tlte next lane. when an elderly gent climb-
ed out of the stalled vehicle and started trying to push it to
the side of the street ’

instead of driving away. Vartuli put the bus in park.
turned to his passengers for extra hands.and got off to help
the old man. .

Applause greeted all as they returrted to their seats. and
people helping people tirade orte old gerr's day a little
brighter. ‘

’ Strikers Not Penalized

The University Senate passed a resolutiort Wednesday
wliich requested instructors not to penali/c stttdents who
will miss classes on Marelt 26. tlte day “SUNY strikes
back." Tltc Senate advocated studertt participatiotr in the
event irt order to corrrbat the proposed hudgei crrts in the
SUNY system.

Budget Director’s Farewell

“i wouldn't want to be in‘this university system during,
tltc next five years if rrry life depended on it." That was
Director of the Budget. Howard F. Millct's closing state-
tttctrt as ltc addressed the Buffalo faculty and SUNY
representativcs from rtctoss the State.

Miller., Director of the States Divisiort of tile Buduct

described the l9tlu executiVe btrdget cuts as rerrrarkably
trrirtitnal. despite what students and staff at SUNY ttriglrt
think. He vowed to irnpotttrd arty SUNY funds that rmry be
restored to the $27 million slated itt budget cuts.
“You have to deal witlt reality. if you're unhappy this
year. atrotlrer half billion will bc cut itt Will. and still
another irr Will. you're going to have to take your sltarc."
The closing of a SUNY carrtptts should be seriously cott-
sidcr‘cd. Milch said. it he were to pick the ttttlttcky campus
he‘d opt for one in the “wintcrland with ortly one scnatot
arid one assctnblytnan representing it.“

Miller further suggested the consolidation of depart-
ments among SUNY schools to accomodatc tlte cuts.
“Teach Biology only at Buffalo" ire proposed.

“Half of the campuses of SUNY will close before Cols
gtttc will" was Millct"s rebuttlc to pressured qucstions cott-
ccrning Governor Carey‘s support for private highcr educa-
tion at the expensc of the pttblic sector.

Milicr viewed SUNY lobbying efforts as a violation of
thc state's lntdgctat'y principles. Miller verified that
SUNY‘s position iii the csccutivc bratrclt was integral arid
.strcsscd. “We're all going to hang togetth or you'll hang
separately."

in order to increase SilNY‘s rcvcrrttc internally. Gover-
nor (‘atcy recently proposed a post-graduate fcc. cttliittt.I for
all four year uni\crsity students to pay $250 a ycar’ for tour-
years cotttplclcd education.

Milch dcl'cntlcd tltc ('atcy pt oposal and conctrrrcd that
Iltc sttttc t‘csotttccs for ltigltct education spending had
reached then lttrrit. lie adviscd the $250 fee be paid directly
Into an rncomc fund.

.‘viillct closed by acknowledging chancellor \Vartou‘s rc-
qucst for fite )cars in which to work ottt \vhcrc SUNY is
going in order to maintain qtrality. btrt rejected the idea irt
saving. "that's Iinc. Inn. I can't do it. i have to live front

_\ .u to year.“

 

 

 

’ x x--
Bloodmobile
On Wednesday. Marclr 26. l980. the American Red

Cross Bloo‘dmobile will visit the-SUNY at Albany Campus
Ccrttcr Assembly Hall. front it) ant to 4 prn. according to
SUNY Bloodntobilc Coordinator. Tom Burke.

Through the support oerluntccr donors. the American
Red Cross Blood Services. Northcastertr Ncw York Region.
nteets patictrt blood needs in 30 area hospitals.

All potential donors are urged to pic-register prior io tltc
day of the visit.

Mice in Walden I

Wltilc they scent to have disappcarcd front Alumni
Quad's \‘i’aterbury arid Alden llalls. thc ttticc have recently
found refuge in the Waldctt kitchcn arrtl dining rootrr.

Early this semester. it was discovered that mice wcrc
ctttirrg brcad ctrcloscd itr plastic bags.

However. according to kitchen crrrployccs. the nttrrtbcr
of rodents hassubstantially decreased witlritt tltc last few
wc_l'<s. According to SllNYA‘s Food Service Director Rort
('Iaugh. poisott atttl traps |ra\c hccrt placed in tltc kitcltcn
attd storage rooms. anti rro mice havc bccn fottttd iii the
during the past two weeks.

l’ornrer' kitchen worker Diane l’lackis said ahottt eight
rrricc wcrc catrglrt curly this semester. arid that tltc rodents
ctttr often be seen in tltc dining roorn late at night.

Student Kitchen sttpcrvisor Carol (‘tuinan said while she
ltas rtcvct scctr rrricc eating food. she has rtoticcd holes in the
tile arid plaster witcrc the animals cottld hide. She added
that she discovered a rrrottsc iii the garbagc one morning.

Some rcsidcttls. she noted. have seen mice running
atotttrd the dirting roont dttrirtg ditttrct.

The dining roonr supervisor said mice wcrc catittg bread
at one point. She added that the problem began when tltc
mice were first discovered iii the dorms. “l'vc been here for
two years arid there’s never been a problem. We iravc no
cockroaches. she cvpiaincd.

First (‘ook Riciric Atrsott said the mice are attracted to
food left ottt iii the opctt. btrt added that food. ittclttdittg
br 'ad. is bcitrg stored in sealed coolers.

n

Wiped Out.

The cffccts of btrdgct ctrtbacks have firraliy madc their
mark. SUNY Storty Brook is suffering from a potential
shortage in toilet paper arid according to a recent paper ar-
ticle itt Stu/atrial". tltc college newspaper. the loss has been
attributed to “a decrease in state funding atrd an increase irr
misuse."

Stagc X”. a university residence quad. has apparently
been hit the hardest. According to Assistant Director of
Residence life (iary Matthews. qtrad residents ttsc tissue to
clcatr soiled dishes.

lie added that the toilet paper is misuscd all over the
campus. citing instances of students decorating trees or
having natcr' fights.

And according to Matthew's. rising costs cart affect the
toilet paper supply. “We‘ve got to tiglrtctr otrr belts and
there is no room for waste."

 

 

.,.4 c

» ’ Inadequate Repairs

Plagued with equiprrretrt failures. SUNYA’s Towcr EM
Cinema (‘l‘ECl is sending projection broken machinery,
which may have been inadequately repaired. back to thc
manufacturer.

TEC Director Peter Engel said during the past sewn
months. there have been “at 'lcasl three or rm”
breakdowns. and we didn’t get them back for a tnotrtlr or
two because they're sent to Massachusetts for repairs."

State Photo. the local cornpatty through which equip—
ment i scrtt to the Massaclnrsetts~buscd manufacturer. will

the t'otrtpany check for faulty or poorly rcpuiwd
l ., rrcrn.

According to iingel. if the manufacturer finds inade-
qtrate so which will result itr equipment failures, 51......
Photo will n m wst a reimbursement.

Engel expects the equipment to lie returned irr gut-w”

months. '

Stale Chips

You go to the Witldetr Cafeteria (Aldctr~\\’atcrtrtrr\
llalls) attd lnty a sandwich front the “submarinc shop".
You decidc yort want to purchase a bag of potato L'ltilis.
provided by UAS. Then. you discover the expiration date
was citrsc to rt urorrth ago arid you wottdcr if it is against the
law to scll food past the rrratkcd time.

This event actually did occur on the eve of Marclr lK, An
Alttttrrti Quad resident. bttyittg a sttb from the shop. pt”
cltascd two bags of (fro/Ills potato chips artd noticed tltc cs
piration dates were February 28. The following night. tltc
satrrc cltips were being sold. (‘oncct it was raised over pom
blc health atrd food violations.

Brit. according to Albert Squire. Director of the New
York State Brtr'tut of loud Protection. no fcdcral lil\\\
have been broken.

Squire said that the expiration date is used by companies
to trraitttaitr quality. arid to make sure lrcslr stock is corr-
tinuaily sold. The date allows two to tltrec motrths leeway
for corrtparrics to manufacture fresh products.

The potato chips may he rancid. said Squire. brrt lltctc is
nothing potentially ha/ardous itr tlrctn. l'lc added that the
corttpatty "certainly should riot be selling rancid potato
chips." and that Ihcrc is carelessness involved.

He added that there may be an economical violation.
Squire said no laws are annually proposed for rcgnla:itrrr
the sales of food past spoilage dates and that eventually.
one may be passed. “Under our law. they can keep scllurg
tlterrr until they’re gone." he added.

The World .lcwry Committee of the Jewish Students
Coalition-Hillel will be sponsoring 'Soviet Dissident Da) "
on Tuesday. March 25. A rally will be taking place in front
of the Campus Center between ll arrr. to 3 pm. A tttttttbct
of prominent governmentofficials. religious leaders. and

faculty will be speaking on the plight of the Smict
dissidents itr light of recent international events affecting

‘rr-s

 

 

their status.

 

 

c prin

 

 

 

-'l'elethon l980 - Schedule of Acts

_ Friday

Saturday
12:46am Dating Game

 

Norbet Zahm (U-A 8' Director)
Professor Rail/v (Psychology Dept.)

. 8:00pm Telethon 1980 Begins- Brian Gold sings
theme song - ‘A Gift of Love’ by Rich Budd 8:30-9:30pm Te/evis/on Hour See som . “h
best acts of this year televised. Catch yourself on television in the ballroom e o e

‘Uptown Jugglers' 10:42pm ‘On Tap’ - Judi Garfinkel Mark or
, . . effenback 11:39 '
12:09am Grilled Cheese’ - Gary Giacci. Brad Portenoy pm Spinners

8:20 pm

12:19am Jasmine Band

Village People 2:1sam Dating Game 3:00-4:00am Ariel -

 

Dance to music by the Beatles Moody Blues etc 10:00-2'00pm Theme -

. ' . ’ ' ' -' Ch ' .

Donn on the farm. Be a chaperone 5:18pm Sugar-n-Spice’ - Staci Block anclfdlgilri: [Stiller
Throughout the 24 hours watch the pies being thrown to your favorites--

Coach Bill Schieffelin (Varsity Soccer Coach)

 

David Heisman (WCDB Manager) Fton Levy (ASP)
r

 

 

And a tow surprise appearances by other well known suNY! ! I I I l I m

   
   
   

March 21. 1980

President O‘l.enry says scandal is unfortunate.
"II iv the type of thing Ilttrl curt/(I lrtr/r/twr in any (Ir/rrtinixlrrrliorr. "

 

Albany Student Press

 

 
  

I PaggTitree I

Admilﬁstrators Say Scahdal Minor

Feel SA’Can Solve Problem

by Douglas Kohn

SUNYA administrators express-
ed disappointment in SA‘s recently
alleged cover-up. but felt certain SA
could correct the problenr
themselves.

President O‘Leary said the situa‘
tion is “art unfortunate part of the
democratic process." btrt added
that it is not a problem exclusive to
SA. “It is the type of tltirrg that
could happcrt irr arty administration
and i can't guarantee the sattrc
thing couldn't happcrt at the univer—
sity." _

()‘L 'at‘y said it is if problem that
can best be ltartdlcd internally by
SA. “ i‘hcrc would be no reason for
'thc adtninistratiotr to itttcrccdc if

Silen Sees SUN YA Conspiracy

by Rich Krttslow

"l ltavc witnesses who can attest
to the fact i was framed. There is a
conspiracy to rcrrtove rrre from this
department." claims l’ucrto Rican
Studies Professor Juan A. Silcn.

g. news F€ATUR€

Silen was reacting to his dismissal
which was announced almost one
year ago. Tire case was reopened
after the SUNYA 'l'Itird-World Stu-
dcnt Coalition held a sit-in at the
office of l’ucrto Rican Studics
chairman lilia Christianscn two
weeks ago.

According to Silen. the students
opened up the “Pandora's Box
when they began to smell something
rotten with the entire process." ltc
said. '

Silcn cited
minortties on catnpns as otrc reason

 

his defense of

for his dismissal.

Silcn has questioned the recruit-
mcnt process for tninorit ics on cam-
pus. itr addition to the admission
process for both ttrtdcrgradtrate arid
graduate minority students.

custody of interim Cha
. According to Silcn.
disappearing."

in thc tncrnorartdtrrn to M
ltave 7‘) specific documents
cvalrratittg Silen's dismissal.

thc documents

Silen Requests Papers

in a memorandum to Academic Affairs Vice President David Mar-
tin, l’ttcrlo Rican Studies Professor Juan A
files of tltc .l’ucrto Rican Studies Departrrre
irperson Dr. i’rank l’ogue.

“in the past. files have bccrt mysteriously

artin. Silcn also otttlincd a r'cquest to
made available to the committee

Martin said that an oral promise
accessible to the committee.

According to Silcn. “This is an
elitist ttnivcrsity. l€litism cart be a
manifestation of racism." ltc said.

Silen has ttscd the word "racism"
several timcs irt comments ad-
dressing administr'ation officit s.
arid according to the professor. the

 

use of this word is “frowned
upon." _
Silcn actively lobbied itr tltc

legislature fora fourth litre (another
professor) in the Pucrto Rican
Studies department irt 1975. Silctt

 

PR Studies l’rt . Silen

"l was fr'urrrerl. "
(P/l()It).' UI’S)

. Siicn has asked that the
lit be placed in the

has bcctt trtadc to Silcn to make

Silen also wants the committcc to inform hint of the procedures to

would not be rcttewcd.
Dtrrirrg an investigation by
l’uerto Rican Studies Chair
hint with reservation.
dismiss lritn.
L'hristiansc
According to Silcn,
be made
mcut. “l’iv
ports his suspicions that there

the department.
Martin said that be
specific issues iii the case
llowcv
Albcrto lriLarry-Rodriguez.
cvalttattorr of Sil
At tltat time Martitt stated.
taken in the term I‘Cichitl proc

decision already made."

 
 
 
  

 

be used in the review. “1 would prefer
rrrakc the records accessible to the
Silcu was ittforrncd last year that his position as

Silerr of his records. Silcn found that
lilia Chrishtianscu had recommended
Silcrr feels that former Social Sciences Dcan

Richard Kendall took advatrtagc

u could not be rcaclrcti for comment.

Univcrsity regulations require that evaluations
of any faculty tnctubcr who is
alttations were absent frorn my
was a conspiracy to I‘L‘tltOVL‘ him frotn

would not respond to arty questions about
until the committee reports their fittdtngs'.
cr. according to a memorand ‘
Martin responded to a petrtron of re-
cn's case itr May 197‘).

“l subsequently rc-csruntned the steps
ess and find no reason to change the

art open review which would
pttblic." ltc said. '
associate professor

of the poor rccomtncndation to
:t catrdidatc for reappoint-

files." he said. which stip—

um issued by visiting lecturer

states that he has only been
reprimanded for his work. “I was
“filed that l was jeopardi/ing tltc
univct‘sity with tltc Chancellor ‘s of»
ficc arid the Governor's office."

“They considered my vocality
unprofessional." he added.

Silerr believes that another t'cason
for his dismissal may be that itc is a
newcomer attd is not considered a
tncrnber of the university
bureaucracy.

Silcn served as a visiting associate
professor for two years after com-
ing to this ttrtiversity in 1975. for
tire last three years. Silert has held

('t)lllillllt'(l mt [ItI‘L't‘II'lIllI‘

Kennedy’s

by Laura lr‘iorentino

Criticism of Carter's administra—
tion and a call for increased Kerr-
nedy support characterilcd tltc carr-
didate's niece. Kathleen Kennedy.
iii a speech before close to 75
SUNYA students on ‘i'quday.

Kctrncdy spoke for about half an
hottr on topics ranging frorn her utt-
clc's concern for his family to his
stand on nuclear power.

Kathleen stressed ltow her uncle
had “always been gcncrous to her
arid hcr family." Shc feels the
strength he shows towards his
relatives are art "important qtrality
of a president."

Kennedy claims that President
Carter doesn't havc this qu and
is trrtable to think clearly and act on
policies.

“Our domestic and foreign
policies are lit shambles." site said.
“We've bcctr led from crisis to
crisis."

Kennedy stated that first Carter
allowed the Shah of lran to come
into tltc country even after being
warned that the U.S. limbassy
would be lit scverc trotthle. Next. he
called the invasion of Afghanistan a
surprise while he knew that Russian
troops were located tltcrc for two

  

4

years.

Referring to the Middle liast.
Kennedy said. "When Carter calls
the Middle East art arcn of impor-
tatrce to the U.S.. he is referring to
foreign oil. So witnt lrc (Carter)
would prefer we do is to send troops
abro'ad instead of eliminate our
dependence on foreign oil.“

With regard to the Israeli Wcsl
Bank, Kennedy critici/cd Carter's
U.N. position. She claimed that
Senator Kennedy believes the Camp

 

David Accord, which-mandates the

the situation is handled properly
within the SA." said O'Leary.
Dean of Student Affairs Neil

\ Brown said he is taking a “wait and

see" attitude. He agreed with
O‘Leary by saying the matter is art
interttal affair and that the Univer-
sity "wouldn't interfere unless
students ask its to." Brawn called
the problem one of “ethics atrd
values" and said it is yet to be seen
whether the recent cvenls will have
any effect on the University’s rela-
tionship with the student govern-
rnerrt.

SA Lawyer Jack Lester said the
rtrain dattgcr is that"‘cet‘tain fac-
tions iii the administration who
didn't want to deal with students iii
the first place may seize the rnorrrcrtt
and try to stop dcalitrg with
students completely."

“1 cart scc certain people in the
administration chuckling to
themselves." said Lester. “seeing
tltc opportunity to qttcstiorr SA as
the legitimate voice of "the
students.” He pointed ottt that tile
satire things could be happening in
tire Urtivcrsity administration or trt
SUNY ('cntral. htrt trevcr gcts otrt
iii the open becausc they “clean
tircir own laundry."

" [his is a time irt life when peo-
ple should be idealistic. i would
haw thought students had learned
the lessons of Watcrgatc.‘ said
Lester. “While l’m disappointed ill
the people involved. 1 think the fact
that the thing came otrt points out
the strength of the system as a

whole.

Dean of Undergraduate Studies
Helen Defosses said the problem
wiilgbe cleared up through the due
processes of SA. "l’m very much in
support of Lisa's (Newmark) ef-
forts to straighten the situation
out." Defosses said. Defosscs add-
ed that shc doesn’t believe the
University will become involved.

'Direclor of Student Activities
James Doellefeld said “it is an issue
that affects the entire university."
Doellefeld said the crucial test will
be how the issue is handled within
SA. “An important result of this
,situ'ation should be ltnding pro-
cedttrcs to minimiLe the chances of
the satrrc thing happening again."
said Doellefeld. lie also expressed
confidence that “Newnrark and the
SA would investigate the charges
thoroughly and deal with the resulis
responsibly."

    

SA Lawyer .lack Lester
Secs (ltllltlltih'll'ultJN-' '(’llilt'l\‘llli),' ".
(Photo: UPS)

Niece Campaigns Here

status of the West Batik itr isracl
should be adhered to. ttrrd not tltc
decision of tire U.N.

ltr addition. Kennedy felt that the
Carter administration has a
“tcrriblc foreign policy bccattsc the
president first goes one way with
thc Camp David Accord; then after
two days he says he made a
mistake."

0n dorrrcstic issues. Kcrtnedy said
the Senator is opposed to rcgi 1"
tion for the draft because it “is not
necessary at the moment." She add-
ed-that if there is a crisis the draft

 

would be important.

“Senator Kcrtrtcdy
like to see the phase out of nuclear
power. site said.

Senator Kennedy's proposed
health plarr which would provide
natiottal irealtlr insurance for
citizens is still a prominent issue irt

would also

his carrtpaigtr.

Kennedy claims the senator has
gotten 40 bills through the Senate
bill has been unable to get any ma-
jor bills through. “As President."
she said. “he would have more

clout ."

Krupsak Speaksto Pro-Law;

Hints At Renewed Candidacy

by Deboralt Smith

“1 might very well find myself

running for office again.” former
Lieutenant .Governor Maryanne
Krupsak told a small group of
SUNYA students attending a Pre—
l,ay Association meeting Wednes-
day.

Krupsak. who served two terms
iii the New York State Assembly
one iii the Senate. cited “severe
handicaps" in the cost of catn-
paigning as the major reason for
loss in the race against Governor
ilttgh Carey for the gubernatorial
rtorrtittatiort irt l978.. “i did not
retire to private practive in Buffalo.
1 was retired to private practice."
she said.

in addition to talking about her
future political plans. Krupsak ad~

vised students about careers itt laws.

“Law is one of the few profes-
sions ll know of that gives an, itt-
dividual the flexibility..to work iii a

variety of unrelated ways, The sky‘s

the limit."slte said.

Krttpsak feels law provides “a
breadth of opportunity. which
takes people ittto the nuances of
human foibles."through study of
family, property. corporate. and
V t'()IlllIlllL'l/ on page four

, , .‘ . ..

    
 

Lieutenant Gov Mayullnc 5mm

In ltrtv._“~‘llre sky's the Iirrril. ""

. .(Plt'oto: Karl ghurtl

 

V -A< <-z;_.

—.. -0»..- ,. _

 

