 

t

TIME EBBS

There wasn't all too much time left, but th

tiorth where the cold Atlantic wind was h
sun like it was down here in Key West.

the fact that she now regarded the sun as
ed. not worshipped. She wondered lrow

this vacation. but that was a formidable tas
for an American — acquiring the necessar

 

tlnre. No doubt the sun was Just as tnerciles
on those Cubans as It
wondered if the government over there woult

place every night iii Key West at sunset. As the
sun changes from a brilliant yellow sphere into
a more berrevoleirt orange ball on the horimn.
natives as well as vacationers clamor together
on the docks at the edge of town anti smg.
dance. and chant to celebrate the passage of
another day, Flo loved the sunset and watch

ed the belly dancers and how they kept time
with the coirga players. The sunset also rrreant

London Callinq

The more things change. the more they
change. Differences. however. subtle and
otherwise. cart be discerned.

Punk is dead. Punks know. they're the first
people to tell you. So who are all those pi'irpll‘
with leather jackets and purple hair and short
pants and pointy shoes? Ptrnkt-rs. Oh. I see

Then these folks with thy skinny ties and treat

ly cut hair atrd sharp (but clearly nlrli sport
coats must be Mods. Yes. I heard about them
on a Who record.

Why do the Skinheads like the harnl
Madness so much? Madness is a frrrr group

their lyrics are not particularly serious lint two
of the members of Madness look like
Skinheads. so the Skinheads always show tip
'at Madness concerts in droves. Arid cause
trouble. "I lost rrry wallet at thr- Madness r on

cert" is commonly heard. Injuries are common

'QDLELQmQQIumJLA

This column began in the heat of a book
burning r'ite. Our music roortr was heaped willr
newsprint. so we burnt it. By-lirres. we
discovered. were combustible and several of
our own sparked and turned to ash. Furious
typing and editor's review and typesetter's
Iwage — POOFI Like magic. dissolved in the
ifite.

“AAAAhh! What are you doing? Don't burn
them. That's 6.000 pages of knowledge.
hours of work. people sweating over stories
and deadlines. It's sacrilege."

“Why are we saving them?"

“To use as kindles when we start a fire."
"So we're having a paper fire."

"But it's not the same. There's no wood."
“Use your imagination. I can't even get near
the albums. there‘s so many newspapers. We
have to do it. Conch. I have no choice."
“Shirl. Stop, my heart. Shirl . . 

“This is how you get bugs. You watrt bugs?"
“I want ice-cream. Crunchies."

Together: “Cruriclries!'.‘

"Could we write a story on Lila Palooza?"
Born of that fire was a Cinderella story. set
behind the formica counter of a Howard
llohnsons. We tried to set It behind the roulette
iwheel at Atlantic City, and In the lobby of the
IlHollday Inn tn Plattsburgh. But Lila was at
home behind the counter at Ho Jo's. with the
pwish of a cheesecloth rag and away with the
Blueplate specials,

"Lila Palooza. a svelte Sicilian . . .
“Swedes are svelte.”
"Svelte out, moustache In.
{'No "

u r. .
Wmua -...

u

 

 

‘L.'.—’:~

there hadn't been much time to begin with.
After a mere week and a half. vacation would
be over and she would have to go back up
enemy. and not her ally against the relentless
Flo thought it strange and even lamented
violent adversary and something to be avoid-
would've been ninety miles away irr Cuba.

Cuba is where she really had wanted to go for
papers and whatnot. Besides it took too much

was on her. Flo

ever allow a ritual such as the one that takes

The Student Notebook

The Sunset DI‘a

Aspects '

-‘M‘

a cool breeze and relief. Eventually the crowd -— sometimes loosens a bit in those slack merauy gasping for air arid you had prams

9" disperses and it's time to walk down Duval
Street and then maybe to Captain Tony's past
Sloppy Joe's to The Bull for a live act.

8! FISHERS OF MEN

Sloppy Joe's isn't such a bad place. It was.

In fact. Hemingway's favorite bar and one

night he look It upon himself to relieve the

place of a urinal to stick in his backyard as a

watering trough for his cats. I learned that bit

of Info on a tour of Papa's house on

Whitehead Street. I'd had all sorts of

preconceptions (“And these are the trails
Hettritrgway ate for breakfast . . ."l. A lot of
Hemingway's novels deal with ftsltirrg. which
he enjoyed in Key West as well as in Cuba
before Baptista's New Year's hangover. In The
Old Matt and the Sun. fish and fishing assume
great importance as metaphors in an old
man's search for dignity Alter eighty-five
days. an agiirg fisherman finally catches air
enormous marlin. Irarprions it. lies it to his
gaff. and brings ii iii. only to watch sharks eat

a

k

y

S

I

moments when all Is forgotten. when notions
such as past. present. and future are barely
perceptible and one is caught in the "ISness"
on the threshold of enlightenment. Sometimes
the litre is totally out of control and left reeling.
everything is blank and not one strand of what
we call sanity is left inside our heads. But most
people think they couldn't begin to reconcile
with something as foreign and ineffable as irr-
sanity as the very word curdles itr tlrelr mouths
like milk left out iii the Key West heat. You've
all been Insane.

- When the neighborhood bully accosted
and hit yotr. rrol only hard but right on the car'-
tllage of your nose leaving you dizzy and

few seconds to plot revenge —- you were
sane: crazy.

- When you found out your lover was
sleeping with someone else behind your back i
and (silre didn‘t seem the least bit cotrttlte
about it after confronting him/her. you lurtive.
ly clenched your fist and felt your heart pump-
ing iir your throat. you were insane. triad with
rage and not to be dealt with rationally.

— When my father lashed out at Charlie
Halrtn because he was "an insoleni little snrir“
and "a bad influence" he screamed at me. his
eyes reddening with pathological Irate i
thought he was going to take my life lin'tritlsr’
he was off Iils paternal rocker — titit stirrrmirru
in control of himself.

— Next time you see your local bag lritli/,
remember: "There by the grace of air irrlrurral
secretion go I."

in

Aspects

 

 

the entire thing before he comes ittlti port.

THE FINE LINE

Ilil‘ line of fortune. that is cast for us. held

taut against the elements

Roll Over

rll Mrrrlnt'ss concerts

Well then certainly the Clash must have a
great deal of violence at their concerts After
all. to .rvorrl trouble the Lyceum stopped sellr
ing concert tickets at 2.000 for the Clash.
when everyone says the place holds much
more than that. They sure didn't stop at 2.000
for llii' l.ene Lovich mncert. True. btrt that's a
different audience

Actually. they say. the Clash preach
frrt-ntllrrrr-ss and iron violence. To the right
people. anyhow. Still. there aren't trrariy irr-
jnirt-s at (Tlaslr concerts

Concerts are held with the audience stan~
ding tip Anti dancing. so they say, Tlral
would seem to explain why Elvis Costello ap-
peared so shocked that an audience that
st-eiirr-d to lin him sat in their American seats
aird tlrtln't dance. even when Ire told them to.

castrati Sings

a sea of troubles

rittanl‘a

That would also seem to explain why Elvis err
joys gigging irr London. if the audience does
what he likes. The other rrlght in a surprise gig
in a small club. Elvis laughed and joked with
the audience. Even London pressuren were
shocked. Perhaps he doesn't enjoy playiirg
here that much after all. Still. I would like to
see Elvis Costello live while I'tn here.

Today I met Dean. the keyboard player iii
the Lerre Lovich band. He is from Kansas. but
has been living in England for 7 or 8 years
(people who have come here to live never
seem to know exactly lrow long they've been
here. In New York. people always seem to
know what day they arrived. and lrow many
minutes they've been there). He Is very ex»
cited about going to America on a triumphant
Lene Lovich tour. Like Springsteen. they are
vowing not to warm up: they will only

 

“One of us went to sleep with
up with a Wasp in her bed."

“If it's barely visible?"

"Only if she can work at Ho Jo's and have
lipstick on her teeth."

"Deal! But how does she feed the kid?"

“What kid?"

“Oh. She needs extra cash. Bootleg pep‘
perincinis —» or she steals like that guy with the
silver candlesticks."

“Absolutely not.
wouldn't steal."

"Soap, towels at the Holiday lnrr. c'rrron."

“No. She doesn't do that. She doesn't even
steal Sweet & Low. A modern day saint "

“Who enjoys singlrrg Happy Birthday t i the
customers."

"The only one?"

"Yep. Does she eat all she can eat on fish
fry night?"

"‘They cut that out. Didn't they cut that
out?" '

"I don't know. Well. If her name is f'alooza.
she has to work at Atlantic City. Gun mollin
Seguirrs, dealers' aide type. But she can’t be
good. v Pile-loser. y'ltnow? Can't cut the
mustard. let alone the cards .' .. ." The authors

She's honest. She

groanedr.‘  '. .. ,
“You 'stillswant" Camel?" .
“YesI'One‘of us went to sleep-With Mark

.o'Brra'nvriré'aii’r’é'ir‘ir‘skéirewith a; Wasp‘in tier...

Mark O'Brien. the other woke

bed.

I killed the Wasp with my slipper and went
down to shower. Lila Palooza gentle on my
mind. Suddenly. it came to me. I wanted her
to fly. and we hadn't made her fly yet. She
was just an honest waitress. And flying. at first
metaphoric. become real.

"Conch. listen!" I said as I turned her eggs
"Let's give her wings. Lila Palooza can be a
fairy godmother. or a witch. or an archangel
What do you think?" '

Conchita did a fast Spanish dance, she was
so thrilled. The lizards were flying and Corr-
chita couldn't stop.

"If she's got wings. then someone's got to
bring her blue cheese dressing. Ask my friend
Clp from Buffalo. Lila needs a friend, either-an
urchin, or a sea monster. Someone new "

"stop dancing salsa to new wave." ' ' '

“ cw waif." Conchita i -  '
tied. She finds a waif." sm'u" rhcn " 55""

"What does she want a kid for?"

Someone to carry on the Paloma name
Where there's a will. there's a waif. She never
had kids because of her wings. They made
taking lovers too difficult. too much to explain
If/Ien felt threatened. And who ever heard Ofa'

:Pt‘egnant‘woman with win . ' -‘ ' .'
i lost  ’Objofg‘ﬂjré '   03"2’

Conchita Rodriquez and Shirley Beans

the Blues

THE KEY

A lot of college students go down to l i min
during the liaster vacations to cart h .r lair III
the southernmost area of the (‘rririrv K‘i.lvtl
U.S.. I taught one, rather llltI(I‘.t tII'till‘ but
lost most of it before coming batl; Ivr .-'rir r .r,
My solar saga l rvill document in .r lIIi\r‘.' li‘lt
talively called; The Young Mun itIltf Ilir‘ ftlt

' h r Schenkm tr

headline. even if it is in a small club ,‘rrui lllt'\.’
are doing more than that:
American clubs with tables and (littlls will be
rearranged to allow for standing and rianr ing.
just like they do here. "Will yotr play i‘rliirrrrv’"
I asked Dean. "In J.B. Scott's?" ‘r'e
Where are they going to put all the rlr.r:rs rtnl
tables that belong to J.B. Scott’s" Mnylw I will
see Dean when he comes back from Air 2
and he'll tell me if the chairs and talilw i
really moved. I think Ire will be disappoint l
they aren't. I think Lene will feel like shv 
not accomplished what she set our to do

Still. she can always return to l.iilitliili
where 3,000 Mods. Punkers, Skittltr'rrtl- ullltl
assorted others can dance in freedom to her
strange tltrlcid tones. And no one will twirl;
about getting their wallet lifted or tbr'ii tv‘rul
bashed rn.’

t'\'r‘li Initli rrl

tlrcr. it-

"Can Lila be Charles Lindberger missing
daughter?"

"You mean his kidnapped son" I'lr"s lII'rl l "

“No he's not."

“I read ii iii the FBI reports."

“Poetic license?"

“No. Amelia Earhart or nothing '

"But she . . 

"Took a leave of absence."

"Flew to Ptterto Rico for an abortion l’r'tr-
ple did it all the time — went to Europe for
nine months. Cousin Rachel is pregnant in
Japan. Bftt when Amelia got to Puerto Rico.
they said "nothln' doin' " arid by the time she
got to Europe it was too late. She delivered
Lila herself in mid-air. She landed in the Bots
de Boulogne. put the plane into her Felix bag
and checked into a Paris hotel. The .rssunu'rl
name: Lillian Hellman."

"Amelia Earhart is Lillian Hellman?"

"Have you ever seen the two of them
together?"

She found the child sealed in a three gallon
bUCkel 0f Pistachio ice cream. She Wrapped
the babe in a little sweater and wiped the nuts
from Its nose. “The daughter I have prayed
for." she said. rememberan her own hunrlrlt'
origin. discovered wrapped In an aviatrix scarf
In another part of the forest. She Spoiled tlre
C»""d' Wl'h IOVlng. goldfish. and green goddess
dressing.

"What do you think? Shirl?"

"A Wlnged victoryl"

And ."'a"s‘ how It 9095. more orphan than

 

V' S‘N'Ut “mwpwr. >4~~“~- "

 

 

 

Blood 'Money

"he national political climate is cur-
rently dominated by the threat of
war. President Carter's efforts to reim-
pose the draft. the increasing hostility to
the Soviet Union in official statements.
the talk of "strengthening our defense"
— all indicate that this country's rulers are
moving toward war. The presence of air
American naval'flotilla in the Persian Gulf and
the frantic search for military bases in the Red
Sea are part of this drive

Mark Chalkiey

The Soviet intervention against the Afghan
rightist rebellion lras served as the impetus for
a renewed commotion rtr White House and
Pentagon circles over the "Soviet threat "

At the same time. Secretary of Defense
I‘Itrrold Brown points to the "instability" in the
underdeveloped countries as llii' most rnrpor
lant lineal to US. interests, The United States
government is pouring in arms and "advisors"
to shore up the hated junta m I".l Salvador It is
funnellng grins along with humanitarian aid
through Thailand to the gtrerilla foires of the
ousted Cambodian dictator Pt iI l’or to fight the
new Vietnamese backed regime in ('arnlrodia
It is drawing up plans for IlIlt’lVl’lIIltill in the
Mideast.

Where did lllt' present \varlrltv .rtrrrosplrert'
crime from? We Ilk’i‘ll to look lit‘\,l|illil the most
recent events in Iran and Afghanistan in
Without n donlrt. thr-
confrontations river the hostage crisis and the

 

answer this question

Soviet military actions tilt' the most lliiiltt'tllttlt‘
(tillht'. lint the efforts of lllt’ United States
government to drum up enthusiasm for a new
war have been underway for some trnn‘

livt-r sittt‘i’ the political tilltl Inrlitaty defeat
they suffered in Vietnam. the U S irript'riallsls
haw been angling for the opportunity to
resume the openly aggressive policies lllitl led
to that war The first significant effort. which
centered around the trvil war in Angola. flop-
ped miserably. Memories of Vietnam were still
too fresh rn our country.

The year 1079 marked a turning point in
this process. In January. Vietnamese troops
cr‘tisscrl the border of Carrrbtidla, overthrow-
ing the bloody Pol Pot dictatorship This dash-
ed Washington's hopes of usrng an alliance
with the Chinese rulers and their Cambodian
client state to encircle and weaken the Viet-
trarrrese revolution. Close on the heels of this
setback came the revolutionary overthrow of
the Shah of Iran. a devastating blow to US.
policy in the Mideast.

Wall Street had scarcely recovered from this
shock when a popular insurrection tumbled
their most reliable puppet in Latin America.
Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza. As the
year drew to a close. the Iranian embassy
seizure w a response to Carter's harboring the
deposited Shah — added a new intensity to
the crisis of American policy. To restore
American supremacy. the imperialists were
ftirtlrei convinced of the need to prepare new

aggression.

he Soviet intervention iir
Afghanistan only deepened the corn
rrrrtmr'nt by Washington to its war plans.
What is behind the war drive. and this
panorama of uprisings. confrontations and
(rises? It is nothing more than the global
er orronric crisis. that is, the growing inability of
nrter‘nritional capitalism to satisfy the needs
and interests of the world's peoples.
Inflation. oppressive enough irr our own
country. has become an unbeatable burden
for underdeveloped countries who "import" it
along with their trade from the advanced
capitalist nations. Tire stagnation of world
markets has led to sharp reductions lit the
workforce. creating an overgrowing army of
unemployed worldwide.

As the trrultirratiorrai corporations seek to
revive their profit rates, they are led by the
logic of their system to attack the living stan-
dards of the masses.

Here in the U.S.. this has created over 6
percent unemployment (over 40 percent for
Bla‘ck’vouth). It has brought seVere cutbacks in
social services and education
while corporations get bigger and bigger
tax breaks, as in New York State. The

 

 

  Why We

’ltlustll'l’sht."

 

“It is child’s play to see the warlike. Imperial!“ character'- of I

Carter. Reagan, or Bush."

economic crisis has made enrployers and
government eager to take back gains made in
the past by women. Blacks. and Latinos. It Is
the world criSis' of capitalism that inspired
Carter's demands on us for: "pain" and
“tlrscipline "

But for workers. peasants and urban poor
of the untlerdeveloped countries of Africa.
Asia. and Latin Arrret'icri. the austerity
measures irrrposed by the capitalist world
order have meant desperation Domination by
foreign capital already distorts the economies
of these nations. as nrulti-nationals steal native
Ti'hlillll‘CS.

Some examples of what this means irr
lrirrrrarr terms were given by the French jour-
nalist Michel Rovere iii an article recently
published in the US Describing Iran under
the Shah. he writes: "The best lands and

especially water Il'tllti the large tlanrs were .

distributed first and at dirt cheap prices to the
rtrullinalional California agrrbtisiuesses

The peasant was 'freed' by the former regime
only in the sense that (sllie was 'frev' to try to
sell his (her) labor power in the cities: 'frce' to
huddle together in the infamous shantytowns
rrr south Tehran."

Iixpt'rrences like this illl' at the root of tiprrs
ing of the vast rtraiorrtrr's in hair. Nit aragtia. I:l
Salvador. and other "'l'lrrrd World" countries.

To block this rebellion and nistill "stability"
In the oppressed nations. Washington hopes
to restore its political ability to lttllllt h new rig
gression or the threat of aggression lint to do
this. it must cope with the tremendous
obstacle posed by the antiwar sentiments of
the rrraior'ity of Americans, including the tri-
dustrral working class.

The anti-draft sentiments of these workers
 who produce the lion's share of the We altlr
iii this country i can Ire decisive in stopping
the draft and any war plans Already ti level of
understanding exists among them beyond
anything present during most of the Vietnam
War. The anti-draft resolution passed by the
California Conference of Machinists.
representing 150.000 workers. states: "There
are no American working people's interests
served in Afghanistan or Iran. only Multi-
national interests." Young workers along with
students across the country have chanted "We
won't die for Exxon!" .

It is this awareness we "the Vietnam syn-
drome" # that has the Administration worv
rled. They St't'K to deaden it. dispel it. or fail
iirg that. to twist it to their own purposes (tlrirs
the cynical talk of Afghanistan as "Russia's
Vietnam"). But this opposition has so far stop
ped Carter frotrr intervening itr airy of the "hot
spots" iii the Middle East. llli’ Caribbean.
Africa or lndochilra.

So. what we see today is an acute crisis of
imperialism.

But why do we say imperialism? 5l(\'|)llt‘.~

 

.. .4...»
.r...--a- I

I danger

and liberals strenuously object to this term.
complaining that it is "rhetoric." by which they
mean dernagogy. Of course. we should not
make a fetish out of any label. The same
system by another name is just as oppressive.
Pacifists prefer the phrase “corporate domina-
tlorr of the Third World." Many liberals would
rather speak of "US. interests." as do the
outright apologists of imperialism.

Tire reality all are referring to is the same
structure of exploitation. But labels have their
political reasons. Imperialism is a useful word
to apply to the relationships described above
because it implies what that system Iras in
corrrinon with all past fortrrs of imperialism:
the central role of government.

ust as in ancient Rome all basic political
institutions served the needs of the Etn-
pire. so too in modern America. The
Democratic and Republican parties are botlr
capitalist and therefore, imperialist parties.
Those who prefer to speak of “corporate
domination of the Third World" and shun the
"rhetoric" of calling imperialism just that often
blind themselves to this reality. They seek the
solution in electing a liberal Democrat or
Republican.
It is exactly this last idea that rs the nrairr
to the anti-draft movement today
The presidential contest now being staged
by the twin capitalist |hllliU5 includes more
Illtlll lillL‘ contender who presents himself as
an anti draft. dilll'thl candidate. II is child's
play to see the warlike. imperialist character of
the politits of Carter. Reagan. or Bush. But
neither Kennedy rror‘ Anderson differs lrrn
danrt'ntally with the world outlook of the first
three
Kennedy has certainly tried to identify
himself with the antiwar sentiment in the (Outi'

the saddle with the help of our votes. Getting
them is his main concern today.

Part of Kennedy's appeal is his family con-
nection to the regime of his brother John
(often referred to as ‘Camelot' by fawning
journalists). But this association means dif-
ferent things to different people.

Working people remember the earlier Ken-
nedy are positively not only because of the im-
age JFK had. The early 19605 were a time of
prosperity. when millions of working people
enjoyed a better standard of living and better
prospects than today's. The surviving Ken-
tredy brother benefits frotrr this identification.

But the memory of JFK's presidency means
something else to the imperialists. Those were
days when few Arnertcans openly questioned
US. foreign policy. Kennedy was not only the
sponsor of the Peace Corps. but also of the
Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba. It was JFK who
took the world to the brink of nuclear war over
the Cuban missile crisis. Commanding the
loyalty of broad layers of the population, his
goverrrrrrerrl could throw its weight around In-
terrrationally as none since has been able to do
so successfully.

This is wiry a sector of imperialism is at-
tracted to Kennedy. tracking his divisive
challenge to the incumbent Carter. They listen
when Teddy lambasts Carter's "weakness"
toward Cuba. Hearing lrlrrr. they remember a
Kennedy who oiicred aggression against the
Cuban people. _

The other “antidralt” candidate. John .
Anderson. approaches rrratti'r's differently.

lie opposes the current draft plans and
Strikes an anti-war prise. but In this he tries to
channel mass sentiment iirto support for
another key capitalist objective. summed up in
the catclrwurd. sacrifice.

 

t

ridersoir tells American voters that if we
are to avoid lighting a war for oil. we
must learn to conserve, to cut back in
our living standards. But this is a false choice.

try. as rtrticlr as a realistic contender for the In reality. Carter's war drive has nothingto do

No. 1 spot in capitalist politics Could afford. In
the midst of the hostage crisis. sensing that the
title was turning against Carter's saber rattling.
he denounced the Shah. Later be criticized
Carter for trying to whip tip war hysteria. and
recently he has opposed the registration plan.

But Kennedy's real attitude was betrayed by
the same Georgetown University speech
where Ire stated his opposition to Carter's
plan. "If registration and the draft were really
essential iir a real emergency." ire said. "there
would he no dissent from me or most
Americans." But what determines whether
anti when the draft is "essential"? In the satire
speech. warning of "iirterrral subversion" in
l’ersian Gulf states. he hinted: "Military aid is
not enough."

But Kennedy knows that most young
Americans are not exactly eager volunteers for
counter-revolutioir in the Mideast. That is why
Carter is trrrrring to the draft. Kennedy has not
espiairretl why he Would act differently once in

with rrrakirrg gas more inexpensive or preserv-
ing our living standards. On the contrary. it
has everything to do with attacking them.

It is the US. government's vast arnrs budget
—- deficit spending on rionproductive
technology A- that is the biggest source of in—
flation in our economy today. Carter is also
slashing social services and raising taxes.

If Airierican working people accepted the
austerity proposed by politicians like Ander-
son. would it stop the imperialists" drive to
crush revolution in the underdeveloped
world? Not in the least. Their appetite for
stiperprofits front the exploitation of the semi-
colonies would only bewhetted by such an
important ideological and economic victory
over “their own" working class.

By telling working people that they must ac-
cept austerin as the price of peace. Anderson
renders a precious aid to the patriotic
demagogues. In fact there is no way to turn
away from the conclusion that his strategy is to
appears to bend to the anti-war sentiment now
the better to undermine it irr the Iorrg run (the
same could be said of cit-candidate Jerry
Brown).

His political record supports such a Conclu-
sion. Although Ire claims to "regret" it. Ander-
son voted for the 1964 Tonkin Gulf resolu-
tion. that gave Johnson the green light to
escalate the Vietnam War. More recently. he
voted for developing the neutron bomb.

The Socialist Worker's Party is. again. runn-
itrg Andrew Pully for President. and be ad-
vocaies against the draft and war. and a major
policy is the nationalization of the oil com-
panies. But a socialist has little chance of sit-
ting in the Oval Office In 1981. A large vote
for the Socialist patty might indicate popular
disillusionment with the aggressiveness of our
current Democratic/Republican leaders. but It
probably will not persuade them away from
aggression.

War need not be inevitable. however. if the
protest from youth and minorities and
laborers. those most likely to die on foreign
soil, is kept up. The coming months will reveal
who holds the reigns of destiny in America -
the political and economic leaders anxious to
revive the economy through imperialism. or.
the people tired of war and selﬁshness and
misunderstandingék H.

V A "can"...
Jug»-

m‘ A... 

 

 

 

i.

 “were

 

