   

.. Sam-K»
“ﬂip-4‘35)". r .

a.

. a... r.._ ..

 

 

 

‘ i

_ c a _~>w~w.mlmt'ﬂ=lmmm

 

rsuai‘ H

 

. -- -....wu'.n .m- a - .. . a
[:f“'*'\ . . ..3. .2..'.' . 33.". .“!.‘52?2‘..".'1€..~nu-r“tn-urnvar--""'r‘r’t-$r.ri '7‘

...s~.a.,...cm~ -

Page Six

\u.)

Aspects

 

..r to:

rIJnl-‘ltfllll

)t
$.Ey‘l1éx’rllny

on Tuesday

lvbilv-l-ill‘F

  

 

   

he problem with reviewing a film
  like Ordinary People is that you
can't communicate how good it Is
In a brief review. i can assure you that it is the
best film of 1980 so far. and urge you to go.

and leave it at that. That probably won’t do.
thou h and it shouldn't.

Jim Dixon

Ordinary People's virtues more than
outweigh its faults. (i wasn't even aware of
the faults.) But the virtues almost hit you
over the head, especially in such a
clnematlcally disappointing year. The script
is intelligent. literate. and sensitive. lts story
is compelling and engrossing. The acting is
strictly Academy Award stuff. And the direc-
tion. by veteran actor/producer Robert Red-
ford. who is making his behind-the-reins
debut. is smooth. consistent. and assured.
The ordinary people the firm is centered
on won't seem that ordinary to a lot of
viewers. The family In question has a lot of
money. Calvin (played by Donald
Sutherland). the husband and father in a
family recently beset by tragedy. is an at
torney. He makes big money. and while ear-
ning a better than good income for his family
has distanced himself somewhat He's not
immediately involved in family conflicts. and
usually doesn't know about them ttntii late.
His wife. Beth Mary Tyler Moore). is one of
those women you know damn well was a
cheerleader in high school. They only date
pre-mcd and pre-law students and always
get married right out of college. Their oldest
son Buck has recently died in a boating acct»
dent. Their younger son Conrad (Timothy
Hutton). torn by guilt over having survived
the same accident. has attempted suicide
once. and is still depressed.

The events in Alvin Sargeni's script follow
a predictable bttt never trite sequence of
events. Conrad has sessions with a
psychiatrist (Judd Hirsch) at his father's sug-

 

 

 

6

Ladies and Gentlemen. the Beatles!
—— Ed Sullivan. Feb. 1964

t's 1980. and the Beatles have
ﬂ been gone for over ten years.
Everyone who has ever bought a
copy of Let it Be has seen that picture on the

 

a rooftop, as well as the crowd in the street
below them. but none oi us has ever seen
the real thing. Question: what would you
ive to see them do Get Back on our roof-

Will O’Brien
top.’ Or to hear She Came In Thro—ugm

Bathroom Window done in your own
bathroom? What price would you pay.
monetarily and physically. for the privilege of

 

standing and screaming through a Beatles"

concert? Well. for those of us under 35 who
never had the chance to see the Beatles in
the 60‘s, their twin brothers all played the
Palace Theatre last week under the collective
name of Beatlemania. a sometimes terrific
but occasionally plagiaristic. group. The

 

physical similarities were fine for three of the

  

6‘

gestton and over his mother's objections.
Family tensions are brought to a head as
Calvin begins to realize there Is a problem in
his family. which his wife staunchly denies.

As is often the case in psychiatric cases.
the wrong patient is hospitalized. Conrad is
actually less sick than his mother. who is
seriously crippled in emotional matters —
she can't show her son affection. Telling her
husband she loves him Is difficult. Beth is
hung up on appearance while desperately
separating herself from reality.

Redford focuses on this in a number of
ways. many of them quite subtle. Beth is
often seen tidying up little things. She sets a
table more meticulously than anyone else
Her house is always spotless. Visually Red-
ford complements the character in ways that
are seldom obvious but always powerful and
consistent with the script.

There's some real horror as aspects of
Beth's personality are revealed. One of the
guilts torturing Conrad is that when he tried
to kill himself. the blood from his slashed
wrists ruined some of his mother's best bath
towels. Beth was concr-rned that Calvin wear
the right shoes anti a white shirt to their son's
funeral. Her first question upon learning that
Conrad is seeing a psychiatrist is to wonder
what neighborhood his office ts in

Several of the most grotesque revelations
are seen through the eyes of other
characters Beth herself is allowed to relan
She defends herself admirably Her protests
and rationallzations are convincing anti
heartfelt It takes a while to stop listening.
both for Colvrn and the audience Mary Tyler
Moore's performance ts fantastic. I hated her
In the end. feeling a little sorry for her all the
while

The tension between Judd Hirsch's sloppy
psychiatrist antl Mary Tyler Moore's op~
pressively treat housewife are palpable; a
remarkable dramatic occurrence The
characters trth'r meet on screen. Yet you
can feel their reactions to each other. They

   

  

Mary Tyler Moore. Donald Sutherland. and Timothy Hutton. along with
Judd Hirsch — I" give perlormrmceo that are anything but ordinary.

B

inside cover of the Beatles performing live on '

four ("Ritrgo." played by Sy Goraieb. was
definitely not Ringo). and the music was oc-
casionally great. I detected many younger
faces with big. bright smiles. and a scattering
of screams greeted each tune. but some of
the older audience members looked a little
bothered. The harmonies seemed to break
down during some of the slower tunes and
once in a while. the singer wasn't bringing off
the imitation at all. John Lennon's clone.
Michael Palaikls. while a superb guitarist and
piano player. could not make me believe he
was Lennon no matter how nasal he was. I
Am Tire Walrus sounded like a bar band ver-
sion. Ringo Starr's With A Little Help From
My Friends drew the longest applause from a
mostly laid back crowd only because the
band asked for it. Goraieb didn't sound any
more like Ringo than I do. but I suppose
everyone ls expected to go crazy over funny
old Ringo. Then there is the sad case of Jim-
my Poe. Unfortunately. George Harrison
refused to release his Beatles material for use
In the show. Jim Poe. the only band member
who was a real carbon-copy of the original.
was forced to stand centerstage and be

 

 

 

__ an"...

raordinary Pearl

are the perfect foils in the film. The acting in
both instances is superb.

Redford orchestrates and conducts his
emotional symphony with style and power.
Everyone in Hollywood, it seems. wants to
direct. That a top star like Robert Redford.
who commands top salaries and can get any
project he wants mounted. would eventually
want to direct should come as no surprise.
That his directorial debut should be both a
commercial and an artistic success should
also be no surprise. though l think to many it
will. Redford started out as a graphic artist
and designer. and tn addition to acting on
stage and screen for over twenty years he
has produced such films as Downhill it’oct’r.
Tire Candidate and All The President's Men
He has far more experience and far better
credentials for directing than many who have
gotten the chance lately His experience
shows

Ordinary People. in addition to being the
best film of the year dramatically, is also the
best~made. John Bailey. llit‘ director of
photography. has done the best work of the
year 77 no mean fern considering the
photography in Tire liluu Lagoon and The
Shining. The images are rich and varied
Each shot fits its scene. whether static or

Robert Red-
lord: Hl- direc- c
torill debut in
“the film of
1980 so for."

"32 v‘- .
moving. And more impressive. (tspt‘cr.
light of the fact that lliiS is Redftrr‘tl's first film
is how well-edited if is Not one >litr'. ..
wasted. livery shot advances the frltn

In general. this is a splendid filtn. rlramttw
and at the same time economical Tln- \t npr
doesn't meandor. like so many have lately It
starts with a purpose and itt‘lilt'vus ii i
haven't been so moved by a iilrn tn ymn

But then there's the problem with it'\l«'\‘.
ing a film like this. I can't drag eat'li rillil
every one of you into the theaters. though I
might if I could. It's going to be a hit. and as
soon as you see it you'll understand \‘.li\.
Until then. I suggest you go early. lrt't’ttltw
it's going to be crowded. 0

   
    
     
   
 

October 7. 1980

 

aktng Liberties is Elvis Costello's

i i fifth American album release. I call

it that because this album is basical-

ly a compilation of Elvis' import singles. with

a few previously unreleased tunes and a cou-

ple of old-favorite re-works to round out the
acka e. Takin Liberties is also an ea erl

Rob Edeistein

awaited and rather surprising Costello album
which both pleases the long-time fan and
helps to introduce newer fans to some of
Elvis' best tunes.

One of the few problems I had With this
album is that. like Get Happy. there is too
much music to absorb In one sitting. There
are twenty songs on this album with lengths
ranging between one and one-half and three
and one-half minutes. The first tune. “Clean
Money." is one of Elvis' better rocking tunes
and it contains a Beatles-type harmony. The
line “Won't take my love [or tender" and the
familiar yell of "Hey." also heard on "Pump
It Up." make this song reminiscent of Elvis'
earlier tunes. “Girls Talk." an Elvis original
that has since been re—(lone by Dave Ed-
munds and Linda Ronstadt. has a very
haunting and mysterious reverb added to
Elvis‘ voice. and although this makes the

 

 

 

 

 

 

(You’ll Love Him

"litrerylrody's Got A Song To Sell.
lint I'rrr gtuing this one away.
I'm gluing this one away to you "

he smile of Todd Hobin radiates
l ; out to the audience and there is an
inttmate and warm rapport bet

ween the performer and his fans Tire crowd
listens to the ballad with an easy beat.
waiting for the band‘s final song. And then
Todd smiles and the first chords are heard.
The crowd roars. and suddenly everyone
tuntps to their feat. People are rocking in the

September Klein

aisles. dancing on the tables. and singing to
Invisible microphones. The frenzied. ecstatic
atmosphere surrounds and engulfs even the
most apathetic lhlt‘iiL’r The cause of this
the melody. “1 Hate You (A l.UVt‘ Song) “
Tire Todd llobin Baird. led by singer and
guitarist Todd l'iobin. originates front
Rochester. N Y. and first played together in
February. l‘l75 They were it popular
upstate band. and in July of 1070. they
reached radio airwaves tn
Rochester. and Utit'a.

Todd ts supported by his brother Shawn
on the drums. Doug l‘II‘ntcrieff on guitar and

 

Syracuse.

 

songs. An occasional background vocal was
all. Too bad. I myself would like to have
heard Something or Taxman.

But now we have Mr, Anthony Abruuo.
or Paul McCartney as he is known on stage.
Aside from being right-handed (a physical
condition which is hard to unlearn). Abruzzo
brought oil the best performance of the
rnght. as I suppose he must. Being Paul Mc-
Cartney is not an easy job to sustain in front
of over two thousand people for two hours.
However. Abruuo did so in remarkably
good shape His physical resemblance was
very good. his bass playing equally good. the
McCartney movements. swaying side-to-
side while playing. were uncanny. but the
voice! Right down to the last notes of The
Long And Winding Road. and the "thunk
yew veddy mooch" between songs. Abrqu
could confuse Linda McCartney. A veiy
sweet Yesterday. complete with strings dub-
bed in. showcased his role as McCartney
Sitting on the stage apron. acoustic guitarlin
hand. Abruzeo had the audience firnrly in
hand for a lot longer than the three minutes it
took to sing the song. As star of the show.

Make Plans For

keyboards. Bruce Fowler on guitar. and inn.
Desnoyers on electric bass.

The Todd Hobin Band finally r't'ar'lrt'tl
New York City with their original musit‘ ‘.ti
September. 1977. after adding dﬁltilil‘dllilg
guitarist Bruce Fowler.

New Year's Day. 1979. found the reltnrw
of their vibrant debut album simply trtlwi
The Todd Hobln Band (produced by Ailt‘s
records). It includes a collection of lltI'Il
music covering the early years. The album if
comprised of such lrantlvclapptng songs m
"New York Country Song." "Love |~
Music. ' and. of course. "I Hate You " It also
contains warm. real-life ballads uni. .t»
“Everybody's Got A Song To Sell." and
“When It's Over

The band's second album. The l'ttssttrrt
and the Pain (also produced by Anus) is
expected to be released later this month

The Todd Hohin Band first ganth rm
tronnl exposure when it was selected to (WI
form on the Mainstage Showcase of tltt' Na
tinnal Entertainment and Campus Activitie-
(\Wlfiﬂiinti (NECAA) National Conferenry
II Washington. D C.. on February IS.
1080 They were the first group to lrt‘
selected from Upstate New York srnrn'
Orleans

‘

the fact that he plays right~handed could
very easily be ignored.

Musically. the show was very strong l‘”
the most part. Starting with I Wanna Hold
Your Hand. and She Loves You. the
Beatles" rocked their way toward slower»
more introspective tunes in the middle 50!
tion of the first act. Help led into if i i't’lf-
which was one of the night's best. Eleanor
Rigby and We Can Work it Out were nearly
disastrous. i tried to watch the slide show
during these two. Musically. the songs were
great. Very slow and sweet. The vocals left
much to be desired. though

The mellower songs notwitltstandtnsi- ll)“
Simup changed from the four mot'JIOP5 i" ll'“
Sgt- Pepper era (film clips ranging from JFK
to Vietnam allowed time for costume and
makeup switches). and launched into
psychedelia. However. the only song miss
mg from the medley was Sgt l’t‘I’I’H'”
Lt)le Hearts Club Band! Difficult it!
lﬂillum. The rest of the medley. thuli‘Jlir W'“
a flashback to the days of painted fart“,
flower power. the draft. and dope For about
15 minutes. the Palace Theatre was trmh'tl

to an Incredible li ht show behind which we“

George Harrison but not sing any of his Abruunprmrud he could hold his own I
-—-—-- + .ant

 

 

Todd Hobin then went on tour after the
NECAA conventions to two new areas: the
Southeast and New England states. They
were very successful with college and club
performances from Maine to Florida.

The group's success is marked by Todd‘s
personal approach to performing and
songwriting. which easily relate to human
feelings. Todd's smile never seems to vanish.
along with his energy.

The crowd is still on its feet. The at-
mosphere is friendly and the people are smil-
ing and happy. The anticipation is growing
and the show is becoming more impressive
There's a break in the song and Todd. Doug.
and Bruce all point out towards the art-
dience. as they sing:

“Go away before lsic

My Saint Bernard on you.

He's been trained to menu and kill
Upon my very cue.

[Hate You.

ldon't like you at all.

(You know lloue you. but)

i Hate You

And i don't like you at all. "

The excitement is coming back this Friday
night. October 10, at 10:00 pm at .JB.
Scott‘s. Come witness it for yourself. 0

 

 

the band. Opening with Strawberry Fields
Forever. your wildest nightmares couldn't
compare with the amazing visual environ-
ment provided by the Four Star Stage
Lighting Company. Continuing on through
the Magical Mystery Tour and Lucy In The
Sky With Diamonds. the band was corn-
pletely barred from view as torrents of im-
ages. patterns. lights and colors bombarded
the audience. becoming a completely
solidified musical-visual psychedelic ex
perience For those with little or no
psychedelic background. here's your chance
to get your feet wet and still save your brain

Intermission was abruptly ended With a
continuation of the hallucinogenic portion of
the show Lady Madonna. the Beatles' in-
dictment of the Church. was followed by a
slow Mrchelle.‘on which Abru/zo once again
proved his vocal abilities. This part of the
show, however. l5 circa 1967. For some
reason the next song was Get Back. a tpne
from the last Beatles album. Let it Be. releas-
ed in 1970 This was another confusing mo
ment. clouded by the fact that the band did a
great job of it The "Flower Power" show

Aspects on Tuesday

song interesting. it does take away from the
harmonic qualities provided on the Ed-
munds version. “Talking in the Dark" begins
with an organ pattern similar to ones found
on Armed Forces. It also contains an exam-
ple of his sexual frustration lyrics. found on
such lines as "Without you I miss talking in
the dark."

"Radio Sweetheart" is a very fine and uni-
que Elvis song. Beginning with a fade in
acoustic guitar. this catchy. melodic tune
with a country twang tells the story of a long
distance relationship made more prominent
by a song on the radio. The funny thing
about this song is that it's almost too melodic
for Elvis Costello. One of the more promi-
nent songs on side one is “Black and White
World." This is a new. slower version of the
song Elvis put on Get Happy. This version is
just as good if not better than its faster
counterpart. and it is highlighted by good
harmony. a mysterious bass pattern. and a
sweet Elvis vocal (if possible). The next
number. “Big Tears." is significant only in
Elvis' voice. crying accusations in a
punishing manner. Aside from this. "Big
Tears" sounds like a typical song from This
Yt’tilS Model Although many of these tunes
are unique fit their own rtglrl. the major let-l
trig | Was getting while listening to this album
was that I've heard most of thestl songs (with
.s'light variations) bdlore This Is both a plus
and a minus for the album a rnintts for a
nearly total lack of .rnytlrtng new. and a plus
for this album which really represents a sum
rnary for Costello's career to date

"Just a Memory" is very soft and tender in
tune. but as anti-relatitntslnp and anti
women in lyric as always Thzu overly short
song kept the hater theme going ttnr much
for it to be considered a Worthwhile addition
to this collection l'lowever. the next song.
"Night Rally" represents what Taking l.ilrcr
ties is all about, It is a great rocker written in
true Elvis tradition. complete with shifting
chord structures and better than usual
thought provoking lyrics. This number is
proof that Costello plans to give the listener a
small taste of each number. while not letting
yotr get too ltrll to hear another song Here
the problem is that With all these "little"
songs. one doesn't get too much chance for
full digestion in one listening

After the abrupt ending of "Night Rally."

mﬂe F 'es By Night

ustin Hayward has always been a
very moving artist. as exemplified
by his work with the Moody Blues
He maintains this reputation with his new
album. Night Flight Although he is the
author of only four of the ten songs on the
album. one senses a total commitment in
everything he does Hayward is an artist who

version of Come Togerher. however.
Palaikis's voice just wasn't up to it. though.
In trying to be nasal, Palaikls sounded like he
had a cold. and the Lennonesque costume
couldn't carry him through. Revolution
segued into Heller Skelter. the best tune of
the night. Loud and raucous like the times.
the song drove some of the older patrons
from the theatre with its extra amplification.
Still another moment of confusion arose
when between great versions of Hey Jude
and The Long And Winding Road. ap-
peared [Am The Walrus with Palaikis once
again on bogus vocals. I began to wonder
who the producer was and if he might be in
need of a calendar. The Show ended with
Let it BL’. delighting the audience and draw-
ing a standing ovation for the players who.
however. provided no encore. Ah. well. this
is not a "concert" in the traditional sense. It
ts. I suppose. a musical. Unfortunately,
nothing was played from the White Album.
the Beatles' best. However. the show is a
fantastic success. To see a group that polish-
ed try so hard to be llte Beatles is worth the
price of admisston.

Goo Goo G'Joub. .

 

EIV‘S fakes SOIIIG Liberties "

"You're upstain wllll your boyfriend

While I'm left here to listen
i hear you callin' iri- name

I hear the stutter of ignition
follows the country~rsh sound of "Stranger iii
the House." The love Ctililllt'l ts lltt‘ll‘ in the
lyrics but it is this country side of lilvis that
comes through in true colors It is an in
teresting addition from the man who was
once considered a pure new waver. but like
the volume of this album. the new revela
lions of sound are very tllflit‘ttll to under».
land here The man's versatility is more than
occasionally overwhelming The stile finishes

appeals to the emotions and senses more cent of the Blues in its chord

than anything else, It is difficult to Judge his
current music on an intellectual level. as it is
not meant for the head as much as the heart
However. all of it is extremely accussible.
regardless of whether Hayward is discussing
the sublime or the mundane

The title cut appears to be the strongest on
the album There is a spiritual feed to it. yet If
is it very personal. inttrospective song
This tune also boasts a catchy melody anti
powerful vocals

"Maybe It's Just Love" features sortie very
litre acoustic guitar work by Hayward. It is
tasteful in its restraint. Meant merely to coni-
plement this vocal showpiece. it strikes me as
the highlight of the song. which. in itself is a
lovely ballad.

Tire next cut, "Crazy Lovers" lives up to its
name. being an upbeat song of joy.

"Penumbra Moon" is a pure example of
Hayward's putting only feeling and imagery
into a song. in this case on a much simpler
level than much of the Moody Blues' music.
Although not penned by Hayward. it has a
distinct Moody Blues feel to it.

“Nearer To You" "could have fit in
musically on either "On the Threshold of a
Dream" or “To Our Childrens Childrens
Children." although. lyrically. it is much
more down to earth. Moody Blues fans will
enjoy this taste from the past.

Side Two alternates between happiness
and sadness. from the joy of "A Face In Tire
Crowd" to the sorrow of "it’s Not On." "A
Face In The Crowd" is not the most notable
song on the album. but It just makes you feel
so good. With the combination of lyrics and
mttsic. you don’t have to think about it at all.
you just feel it.

"Suitcase." a Hayward original. is reminis-

r

 L ,  Page Seven

with a re-done. slowed-up “Clowntlme is
Over" which doesn't succeed nearly as much
as "Black and White World."

The second side begins with a good inter-
pretation of a Van McCoy soul tune calledil
"Getting Mighty Crowded.” which further
shows the versatility of Elvis' voice in both
lead and backing vocals. One thing Costello
is great at is playing his lead voice off against
his own voice in the background. “Tiny
Steps" shows something else Elvis is great at
— playing good out'n'out rock’n'roil. It was
this number more than anything else which

 

 

made me realize the futility of .....!.1. g
generalizations about Costello. Although his
lyrics occasionally seem annoying when too
much of one theme is represented. I find it
hard to belittle his frequent spurts of genius.
Lyrics like “Tiny steps. almost real/Tiny
fingers you almost feel." as well as those in
the next number “(1 Don't Want To Go To)
Chelsea." (I don't want to check her pulse/l
don't want nobody else) force me to listen to
him with more than one attitude.

Two of the more prominent songs on this
half are "Sundays Best" and "Wednesday
Week" Tire first contains some merry-go-
rnund music. making it just as strange as the
words Elvis puts behind them The second
tune happens to be nothing short of the most
incredible song I've ever heard on a record.
“Wednesday Week" is just over two rnlntttes
lung. and in that time period. Costello puts
twu drastically different sounding songs.
each being a part of the number itself. Aside
from that. "My Funny Valentine" is signifi
cant only rrr lilvis' haunting voice in the one
anti trru'half minute remake of the Rodgers
and Hart tune This song was originally
released as a reticulated promotion stngle
that made last year's Valentines Day in-
teresting (the single can now be found selling
for as much as $50 a shot)

Witlt Taking Liberties. one finds that Elvis
Costello and CBS both realize that is is about
time they started selling these older recor»
dings to the American public — and rightful-
ly so This record represents some of Elvis'
very best tunes as well as being a fan survey
of his career to (late This might seem like a
t’heap shot album to some. btrt to me. it just
seems that after about four years in the
business. Elvis Costello has finally decided to
take some liberties .

al structure.
Very simple but powerful in tr subtle way. it
makes clear Haywartl's influence in his
former hand.
"I'm Sorry." the Hall and Oates song. is
the closest that anything on the album comes
to being a rocker It's interesting that. while
this is an enjoyable song. it lacks the
spiritualness and mystique that surrounds
most of the other cuts on the album.
Hayward's strength is in his beautiful
melodies and his unique approach. which is
lost when he attempts to cover a standard
rock ‘n' roll type song. Of course. sometimes
the beautiful can be carried a little too far. as
is evidenced in the next cut. "It's Not On."
which sounds more like a Barry Manilow
outtake than anything else. This is a shame.
as Jeff Wayne. the producer of the album.
the co-writer of “Night Flight." and of this
tune is obviously capable of better work than
this. It is. however. a sadder song than most
of the album. providing for a bit of variety in
the subject matter. or a song to skip over.
depending on your mood.
The closing cut, “Bedtime Stories"
reminds me of “A Face In The Crowd." as it
creates the same kind of mood. _
All in all. I find this to be a most unusual
album. Hayward’s music is unlike most that
is currently available. in that he writes pop
tunes with meaning. 1 think that very few
people. regardless of their taste. would fail to
see something special in an album like this;
one that touches on feelings shared by so
many people. Moody Blues guitarist Justln'
Hayward has captureed the magic of that
band. while at the same time eliminating
much of its pretentrousness. and the results
are truly beautiful.
—l.aun| Solo-non-

 

 

 

 

became the rock show With an acceptable
.

 

r

..,.. “4-. .. n-v “aw-«v4

  

tit)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

