  
   
  

i
i

 

Mona considered the. dust-wigged legs of
their furniture and the feet of the arriving
guests with equal interest. She had been stan-
ding on her head outside the kitchen since late
afternoon. The sunlight had swept across the
floor and.dtsappeared back out the window.
When Theo switched on the kitchen light.
.Vlona wondered at the abrupt sunrise. She
had lost time.given up motion. cluhg only the
the regular rhythms of his voice.

“it was really awfully close to spontaneous. I
mean. it was just a matter of channeling the
energy in that room. it was amazing, I didn't
hlnk he had it in him anymore —-‘I read he
was doing corporate consulting —-— The
Radical. on the'Sears Board of Directors. I
guess he had to live off something the last ten
years.,Everyone had theories: he was dealing
coke. for sure doing it, Clem said definitely
subsistence farming in New Mexico, Mona
thought maybe porno flicks. She thinks
everyone with good politics ls well hung. So
he reappears on the lecture circuit: colleges,
conventions for Christ's sake. Moria saw the
poster. it was one of those last-minute paste
ups. Ads on the phone poles. “The Radical. at
People's Church. blah blah." word of rrroutli
Mona's mouth. Yeah. Moira's marvelous
mouth.

“He was incredible. Looked like a postal
clerk on his night off. real cleanvr‘ut. irrakes ex
act change from a little machine on his belt
. . . you know. But the voice. and the Words.
Just like before.

“i mean. he had to go under. the FBI was
after his ass. but the rest of us? He just stood
up there and blasted the apathy of the decade.
got the people up and angry. Ginsberg came
out and was doing this wild chanting arid
Clem was making phone lists so we could get
it together later and organize this tliiirg right
“He's up there. reeling out stats on poverty.
starving children. and the assets of the god
damn Rockefellers. He was shaking his lists
and glaring like Moses on the Mount. Moira
was staring at his crotch v— she thinks Nixon

 Withl’

 

got off at'the '721conventlon. Power is the
mate aphrodisiac. she says. She's got some
wild theories.

“So when he's done, there's this question
and answer period, right? So people are ask-
ing him about whether he thinks change is
possible and he says Goddamn yes. if you
make it. impossible is a word for the
powerless. the pussies.

“Yeah, people are or: their feet screaming
and Mona leans over and says Yeah. i knew
he was thinking of pussy." '

litil'hhi/lhit

wry-mu And aomr

 

~ v Fiction

 

 

Her meditation disturbed by their laughter.
Mona awoke. She scissored her legs down
and satin place. adjusting to the new position.
the altered scope. Slowly. she roused herself.
counting landmarks in limbo,

"The couch In our apartment is loaded with
overcoats. The men are playing world power
with salt and pepper shakers and the hum of
U.S. imperialism sounds through the house.
Sometimes i think we are a cliche. like a Cen-
tral Casting 'call for radicals. The men's un-
shaven beards and pushed up shirtsleeves. my
big hips and silver hoops. Certainly. we are
caught in a routine, Monday night peace.

 

 

Tears flow down

Upon a page.

Until i am as one crying
For lost love.

For more deeply penetrating.
Than old love letters

From when i was truly iii love.

i have dared to touch

That book oi poems without you.

i did not really know "
How dangerous that could be!

II,

it took many more glances before
i was ready to see. fully,

The book you gave to me.
Today l have dared to touch

The poems without you.

How can i say it?
Everywhere are books
And words

All subjects.

They do not compare
To this.

..-
if you had written letters -—

But no:
You have given me POETRY

 

The strongest stuff of all

Beautiful poetry

i cannot emerge:

Through the weight of love my heart
Holds for you

Feelings surge toward the infinite.
Where you are,

With rapture you taught me.

'l'oday I Have Dared To 'l'ouch
These Poems Without You

—— Valerie Major

()ld love letters. all sacrifice
Soon fades.
Becomes less penetrating.
Your words 7 in a passion
Of torrential necessity —v~
Hooking iiry soul
Stay fully fast there.
..-
But i am alone this time
Never more to be unchanged
By a word.
l have riot begun to make a place
Oi peace by all this poetry;
i am racked arid bludgeoired and
l grieve for the sound of your voice.

. : /
. 4.
.r
\ .

    

Aspects

Tuesday nignt union. Wednesday night
nukes. Thursday planning for Saturday‘s ac~
tion. i feel sick.

"There is no place we haven't picketed. no
one we haven't telegrammed. But lately. i
have found it difficult to work up any en-
thusiasm for the Shah. the hostages. Mobil Oil
'or the dissidents in Gorky. The sovereign
peoples of the world no longer fix their brown
eyes upon me and demand justice. They are
becoming abstractions again. inhabiting pastel
areas on Rand McNally maps. i miss the
Weather Underground. the Liberation Fronts.
the deep recognitions oi my first C-R. The
Radical is a fat-head. a bleary-eyed,
unemployed old man. My dreams are littered
with the severed fingers of Chilean patriots,
but i spread my picnic cloth over them. dine

 

 

“dwwa—u-

 

 

 

 

 

and dance oblivious to the curious. jUfliiLCl
beckoning of the human twigs. l have lost nit.
conscience. l have only analysis.

“i am a cheerleader for the New Left and l

 

am handing in my porn‘ponrs. My pnlitira
buttons will be scattered in the Sheep Meadow
of Central Park. My paintbrushes are standing
in a can of turpentine, iii the haserrient, You
will have to find someone else to do posters."

"l have tied on riiy last black armband.
shouted my last slogan. Give me a B -- R ~- F.
-- A ~ K I am pinning a note to iiry leolard:
one. two. three. four. i can't lrikL‘ it any
more."

The discussion in the kitchen broke up and
the inert trooper] past, some bending to kiss
the top of her beirl head.

“Probably cramps." said Clem on the steps.
"Jenny gets like that when she has cramps."

Theo krreeled and hugged Mona to him.
“Baby. what can i do? Do you waiil me to tell
you about the meeting?" Again. she permitted
the familiar harmonies of their discussion to
lull her to Sleep. Her manifesto would keep
until morning. -

 

 

 

 

 

Rolls and Rolls of Cellulite

The Tragedy of Fat

— Lisa Connelly

Hanging out to left and right

Over the belt, under the chin

Try and try to tuck it in.

Shake and squeeze and pinch and grab
What’ll you do with all that flab?

Try to squeeze it into your jeans

But look at how ya stretch those seams
Crash your diet with a piece of cake
Rationalize every bite you take.

Why, you ask, don’t I get thinner?

And you puzzle this point all through dinner

 

Considering the start of my educational career. it's a
wonder that I ever ruade it to College. i remember quite clear‘
ly when first i entered those ivy-covered trails. kindergarten
prereglsiratloti. This was during my city-kid tenure (if
Flushing. Queens could be considered the city) in our pree
two-carvfaniily days. and Mom and l rode over with a frleird
of lrer's whose son. Paul. who was to become a fellow
classmate. The four of us were then introduced to Mrs.
Berger. our teacher. a looming tower of knowledge with
large glasses and a Cheshire grin. At the end of our interview.
Mrs. Berger presented us with a stick figure puppet each —- a
token to remind us that education was going to be an en
ioyable process. Paul got a soldier. which i believe he still
plays with. My frog. however. fell apart iii the car on the way
home. I should have knowrr .

Merely arriving to school in the morning was to prove a
supreme challenge. it was bad enough that l. a walking
advertisement for drainarnine. had to be bused to school. hirt
the fact that the bus arrived precisely as Mrs. Berger uttered
those immortal words. “Free play‘s over. class" was
unbearable. One red-letter day. lrowever.a ii~irac|e ocr urred'
the bus drivers alarm clock. the traffic lights and the prin»
cipal's Timex were all Working with us. we were a finely tun
ed instrument. a metronome personified. we were on tiriie‘
liut alas. I had scarcely placed iiry lovmg hands upon the
smiling Mommy doll when the edict came from on high
"That‘s it for today. children ” looking llrlil’. now I'm suw
that the gleam i saw iii Mrs Berger's eye was merely the
sunlighl's reflection upon her lens.

My tribulations. however. did not end with iit‘t' play time
Mrs Berger. bearing much insight (and one tlillil psychology
course) realized that the average five year old cannot read
his own name. ‘l‘hercfore. since it was itlisrrlliir‘li,‘ essential
that each pupil identify his own personal spare to hang his
outer garments, she placed a sticker [ill tinnig .r different type
of flower over each coat hook and ltilltltllti ed her pupils to
their personal botanical symbol Being a poet rather than
horticulturisi by nature, lfourrd it rliiiicult to iliflt’it‘iill-ilt' one
lifeiorm frorri another and so i often found it llt‘t r'ssory to

I

\
\
\

’ ---

\

91m
£123de

Most college students. at some tiiire or another. are far ed
With the ordeal of writing papers This, of course. does not
apply to those students that shirk away from liltt.’iril .rrts
courses by majoring in the "hard sciences " These people are
so irrlirnldated by the notion of writing a paper that they study
medicine or nuclear physics. wasting precious hours in labs
while they could be in the library doing research for linglish
papers. if this description applies to you. don't bother
reading this column, (lo get your cheap thrills from the per
soirals.

The first step in writing a paper is to choose a iopii It's best
to choose something that you and your professor arc both in
terested in. This rriakes writing the paper more fun and gives
you a better chance at getting a good grade Hi i nurse, don't
let on how fascinated and excited you really are about this
ijctfi, because lllt‘ii yrrlii professor \vrrri‘t approve your
topit’

Once your topic has lli't‘ll .rpprovml. go on in llir' III‘le
"lt’ll' “"vl‘iitt‘li. There is 'tllt.‘ hey lulu irrr tllrliitl re turn l. rlrr
"5 hill“ i/lrtir‘si'lf as possible 'l lr-rt". why use li.l‘.I‘ liltiriitrilt‘.
1'1"“ till“. it‘ll llilil your ltillli and iii. liniri ‘liil". \ on where
in look for tilriii'lliil. lf lii‘ doesn't Iitllili lip and run to llri't .iltl
“’Ittltttl. Wliitu‘, lt grit. lllt’lil t'\t‘l\, lilltt limit" l.ill in the
‘l'ftlllt‘l. tltiitli lrt‘. lugs .rrrrl bowl li‘,"r‘l‘ll'illll, llil‘- I‘. nut

hor'rally acceptable behavior in thri library (imvr‘lilltt 1"

reserved fol professors illltl ilt'lirtilltli’lil r lions

There are other ruler. of t'llttiit'llt’ for the llliirut,‘ Always
wear clogs (preferably wrtli tap.) and tlit‘\‘.‘ .it leart three
I’lt't‘tlh of guru at triii r' if you lt‘rll an rtillt in from .r indigo/rue
in the periodicals room put the rest of the irratirt/H'“ lt‘t‘l‘ i”
the wrong place. This way the next person lriulillltl it" “t” "’

tick: won't be able to find the magazine and won't have to

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

consult Mrs. Berger. After the second day of these inquiries.
Mrs Berger's iron-clad patience had worn out and she in-
formed me that from then on. i was on my own. idecided to
rise to the occasion by taking a logical tact. All i had to do
was to memorize a neighboring jacket to make the world safe
for botany, This seemed an apt decision. especially since the
jacket next to mine was hi'iglit red and easily distinguishable
irorii the rest Life. however. never works out as neatly as
our plans Whether the red-coated boy was absent the next
day or merely affluent enough to have worn a different
jacket. 1‘” never know. I did realize. however. that l'd better
pretend l was too chilly that day to IL'IliiI\l‘ my coat, for my
own health and well being as well as that oi Mrs. Berger's
As the seasons changed that year. so did my parents
plans. and in Noveiirbei l was informed that we wuuld be

 

MOM’S CEREAL LOAF

3 C. Special K

1 Large cottage cheese

3 eggs, beaten

1/2 C. chopped nuts

1/2 3/8 oz. package Lipton Onion Soup Mix

1/2 C. melted butter

dash of ketchup. additional seaSonings optional.
Mix all ingredients together. bake iii greased loaf pair or 9x9 pan

~ at 350 degrees for 45 minutes or until him, Also good cold. Enjoy! ’

suffer from the frustration of ht't‘liiil that the iiilit li‘ was IUIII
out When looking for books. always go up the wrong stair

case so you'll be on the wrong stile of the floor This way
you'll get to walk through the study area (just follow the signs
that say Do Not linterl. iieuienrbei to be loud and obnoxious

..

 

’ndergarten Revisited

  

moving to the suburbs by late December. [still had one more
month to make the most of my cosmopolitan instruction and
it looked as though i would be going out with a bang. Our
surprise Christmas (and Chanukah) presents to our parents
were to be tracings of our hands. And. as a special piece de
resistance. we were permitted to use tubes of paint to
decorate our art prints. Mrs. Berger solemnly passed out the
tubes. paper. and black crayons to all the other students
Assured that my omission was an unfortunate oversight. |
poised my hand high in the air to hastily inform her of the ac-
cidental mistake. “Oh no!" she exclaimed, “You can't have
airy because you're moving." she responded with a knowing
grin and a pat to my head. I've found it inspiring to recall that
Mrs. Berger always found the ability to smile in the face of
adversity -

 

Pa'g‘é 11a '

 

‘------------------------------‘

\-_---_--------——----_--------—’

In Her Own Write

eyi'iybotiy needs a study break ttiit e ill a while.

After completing your research, go home and write your
paper Ifiud that the easiest way to do this is to rearrange the
information collected by using an outline, it's like putting
together a jigsaw puzzle. Remember to use correct grammar
and spelling in your paper. if you're not sure of something.
ask your ioonnriate Obviously if you don't know how to
spell a Wtiirl. you can't look it up in the dictionary. if your
professor coriiplains that you've rriisspelletl a word. explain
that you don't believe iir using dictionaries because they're
the tools of capitalist pigs trying to maintain the status quo.
She'll be iiripressed

The most iiirportant parts of any paper are the opening
and (losing paragraphs In the opening paragraph you
should state your thesis Always soy \Vllril you're attempting
to prove by writing the paper Make it sound like you know
what you‘re talking about ’l lll‘r paragraph should also be us-
t'tl .i'. .i tunnel Make the reader want to grr on. lint do keep it
wruiu-r /\ H“r(’illt li porter r‘. llli place it” tlt’iltl li.ilu. lt)l(i"r
l'ilit‘l‘ iln'tii fur the calcti‘rm

hr the rlrrurnrj paragraph Atatc your thesis dillrllli .nal say
it mind

that you provvd it in thy paper lir‘llit’llilir‘t llii

paragraph I“. your hr! 4 horn .1 tr . ii'tlt‘i’ll. your-cli l 'ln' rest

rrf your luiln‘i litiiillil‘tl. Iln . lil i paragraph iirrglri mine yrrlr
lVltt‘dt‘i all the liill’lll‘r you have for llit' grand illlilli Write
Wllril tire professor wanti to lit‘di ltrni't depress lll‘i

th‘prr'swrl pirrli'ssrns ll’rlll trr tlt'|ilt"i‘ri'tl gintli' prriirl

avr'iagcs. This is your last chance (io for it

'l'liiil's all there is to it! Wiltiiig [rapt-Is can be easy and fun.
All you need is the proper approach riiiil attitude. lint if
you're still afraid of Writing papers there's always the easy
way out: switch to prehied. a

 

 

 

 

