  

  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

‘WethRightf’ is Worried

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) President-elect Ronald
Reagan's choice of mainstream Republicans for his
transition team is setting off alarms from the New Right,
whose leaders are worried over their apparent decline of
inﬂuence. "We don’t understand why the conservatives
have not been more prominent in the campaign and the

‘ early stages of the transition." said Richard Viguerie. a

leading fund-raiser for conservative causes. “it sure
looks strange." Although New Right leaders continue to
voice confidence that Reagan will live up to itis conscr~
vative principles. they are clearly concerned about being
,shut out of the incoming Reagan administration. “The
early signs are that Governor Reagan will be pursuing
rather libctai ‘policies economically and a policy of
detente in foreign affairs," said Howard Phillips. na-
tional director of the Conservative Caucus. Reagan has
turned heavily to former officials from the administra-
tions of Presidents Gerald R. Ford and Richard M. Nix-
on in setting up his transition team. And that has raised
suspicion among some conservatives that a Reagan ad-
ministration might ad‘opt policies similar to those pur-
sued by his two Republican predecessors — policies the

_ New Right considers too moderate. The New Right.

which advocates major tax cuts, sharp reductions in
social spending and a massive military buildup, has been
particularly critical that advisory positions have been
given to former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
former Treasury Secretary George Shultz and Alan
Greenspan. former chairman of the president's Council
of Economic Advisers.

ERA Supporters March

BELLEVUE. Wash. (AP) Dozens of pro-Equal Rights
Amendment demonstrators — most -of them women —
marched Monday during the dedication of a $12 million
Mormon temple and about twelve chained themselves to
the temple gates. Police used bolt cutters to remove the
demonstrators and arrested eighteen women and one
man on criminal trespass charges. At least two pro—
testers were shoved to the ground by onlookers.
witnesses said, but no injuries were reported. The pro-
test ovcr the ‘church's opposition to the proposed
amendment to the U.S. Constitution began Saturday
night when some of the demonstrators chained
themselves to three gates at the temple being dedicated
this week in this Seattle suburb. About forty others mar-
ched Monday near the gates with signs that read,
"Down With Mormon Oppression" and “Mormons
Have No Right To Stop ERA."

Soviets Test New Missle

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The U.S. Navy says tlte
Soviets are testing a new submarine-launched missile
with a longer range than anything irt the American sub
ﬂeet. it at least may have greater range. better accuracy.
and more power than any of the current Soviet
submarine-launched missiles. which are just being mat-
ched by the US. Navy. officials said. The Navy snys,
without elaboration. that the Soviets may be experienc-
ing difficulties in their ﬂight test program. But officials
indicate they expect the Soviets to overcome those pro-
blems and eventually deploy the new missile. with a pro-
bable range greater than 4.500 tttilcs, itt tttbcs aboard
their giant Typhoon submarines. The U.S. Trident
missile has a range oi‘attout 4.500 miles. That is roughly
equivalent to the best the Soviets now have in service,
the SSN-lli. Giving an unusual amount of detail on
Soviet missile developments. the Navy said the first
Typhoon sub was launched itt Scptetnber at a northcrtt
Russian shipyard and that the vessel is the first of a new
class of “extremely large" undersea craft rcpresentittg a
new design.

Reagan to Revise Budget

LOS ANGELES, Calif. (AP) Reagan has promised a
balanced budget by 1983 and said he thinks it can he
done earlier. The president-clect's Washington schedule
includes five meetings with Senate and House leaders.
two national security briefings, a Thursday afternoon
visit with Garter ill the White House and several
meetings with political supporters and aides. No news
conferences or speeches, other than tonight's tclepltonc
hook-up, are on tap. however, Reagan is scheduled to
return to California for the weekend and plans to go to
his Santa Barbara raucit, w'ltere lte vacationed last week,
for another five-day vacation over Thanksgiving. Wltilc

 

 

 

Reagan‘s session with reporters Wits his only public ap?

pearance of the weekend. he had a steady stream of
visitors at his Pacific Palisades home, including ttidcs,
rustecs of his personal portfolio of investments. and

amazement-"as '_-

'\

I .

two Texas political ﬁgures, Gov. William Clements and
former governor and treasury secretary John Connally.
Connally, who/had lunch with Reagan on Saturday, and
Clements, who had Sunday breakfast with him. refused
to talk with reporters after their meetings. saying they
had to rush to catch airplane flights. Reagan aides said
,Connally and Clements were asked for advice on issues
facing the new'admlnistration and Reagan has not yet
started interviewing prospective job applicants.

Heating Costs Rise

NEW YORK. NY. (AP) The cost of home-heating oil
in the state has hit’the $1-a-gallon‘ mark for the ﬁrst
time. An unstable world situation and the forecast of an
unusually cold winter could make the cost go even
higher. officials say. The city Department of Consumer
Affairs said Thursday that the average price of a gallon
of No. 2 home-heating oil went from 99.94 cents in
September to 100.39 cents in October. That price is 19.6
percent more than the cost last October. wltcn the
average price was 83.96 cents. Also, the, New York State
Energy Office. issuing the first of what will be monthly
surveys, reported that No. 2. oil averaged 100.03 cents a
gallon statewide for the month ended November 5.
Despite the current glut in world oil markets, Consumer
Affairs Commissioner Bruce'Ratncr predicted that oil
prices for the New York City area may continue to rise.
Stating that supply and demand are not the only factors.
Rainer said “concern about the forecasted unusually
cold winter ahead, combined with the unstable interna-
tional situation could mean even higher heating oil
prices."

Raise for Gov. Proposed

ALBANY, NY (AP) The governor's salary would jump
to “00,000 a year in 1983. under a proposal being
drafted Monday by aides to Governor Hugh Carey for
submission to the Legislature. The other top elected
state officials, the lieutenant governor, comptroller and
attorney general, would also get $15.000-a-ycar pay
raises to bring their annual salaries to $75,000. starting
in 1983. Carey's current salary is $85.000 a year. He,
and the other three officials. also receive $l5,000 a year
for expenses. Under the proposal being drafted, sources
said. that expense "lulu" would be eliminated; instead.
the four would be reimbursed for all their “necessary
and reasonable" expenses. The proposed pay bikes are
expected to be included in legislation which would also
raise the salaries of Carey's highest-ranking appointees.

Gov. Proposes Police Vests

ALBANY. NY. (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey ltas proposed
that the state spend about $600.000 to buy bullet-proof
vests for all 3.400 members of tltc state police force.
Carey said Saturday lte would ask the Legislature to ap-
prove the ntoncy at a special session this week. The ac-
tion follows last week's shooting of Orange County
trooper Peter Casella. who was wearing his 0th bullet-
proof vest at the tintc. Hc suffered tltrcc bullet wounds.
but his vest deflected one of the shots which struck him
and stopped a fourth bullet headed for his abdomen.

 

 

armpits, Bniefs
*7“, ./J

 

Sex Week Continues.

Sexual Awareness Week continues today with presen-
tations about homosexuality, bisexuality. attd a showing
of a Phil Donahue Show featuring guest Dr. William
Masters. _

The following is a schedule of events for the week:
Tuesday. Novetnbcr 18

Homosexuality l:30-3:00 ptn irt CC 361

The Bisexual Option 3:30-5:00 pm in CC 361

Pltii Donahue Sltow with Dr. Masters 6:30-8:00 pm in
CC Assembly Hall
Wednesday. November l9

The 80's New Male “Shattering the Stereotypes"
1:30-3:00 ptn itt CC Assembly Hall

Sex Related Health Care 4:30-6:00 pttt itt CC
Assembly Hall
Thursday. November 20

Human Sexuality. A Religious Perspective 3:00-4:30
pin in CC Assembly Hall ‘

Sexuality nttd the Disabled 5:00-6:30 pttt itt CC
Assembly Hall '

Friday. November 21 *
Contraception 12:30-2:00 pttt itt (‘C Assembly Hall
Sex-Do You Want it Or Don’t You? 3:00-4:30 pm lit

(1‘ Assembly Hall
For more information stop by the Sexuality Resource

 

   

 

Senate Passes Busing Bun

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) The Carter administration
says efforts to end public school discrimination could be
crippled by a conservative-led Senate vote to deny the
Justice Department its last resort: seeking court-ordered
busing. But President Carter may ﬁnd it difficult to veto
the provision. Like one previously passed by the House,
it is attached to a $9.57 billion appropriations bill to
keep the Justice Department and several other federal
agencies operating‘through the fiscal year that began
October 1. Carter could not reject the amendment
without vetoing the entire bill. The proposal would not
ban busing but would forbid any federal expenditure on
efforts to require busing lofEchieve integration. Liberal
Sen. Lowell Weicker, R-Conn.. who led the provision's
opponents, said the Justice Department would have to
withdraw from any case in which busing is ittvolved.
Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C., who offered the amendment
with Sen. Strom Thurmond. R-S.C., said it might give
some federal judges second thoughts about busing.

Iran Claims Victory

BAGHDAD. lraq (AP) Iran claimed its forces threw
back the lraqi invaders of Susangerd on Monday, driv-
ing them into retreat with a wave of tank-led rein-
forcemcnts and helicopter gunships after three days of
intense fighting for the lranian border town. Claims of
enemy casualties there from both sides totalled more
than 1,300 in 48 hours. A Baghdad military command
communique did not mention witltdrawal. instead
claiming successful helicopter artd fighter raids on lra-
nian installations at Susangerd. Earlier it claimed heavy
damage against lranian land and naval forces there.
Tehran radio said more than 200 lraqis were killed Mon-
day in addition to 650 the day before. Baghdad earlier
claimed 511 lranian dead in two days. Then: was no way
to confirm the figures. Tehran radio said the lranians
suffered “tens of martyrs" and lraq said it lost 34 men
Monday in Susangerd. Fears that the two-month-old
war between lran and lraq would spread to other oil na-
tions on the Persian Gulf mounted with Kuwait‘s formal
protest to lran over the second aerial rocket attack in
five days on an Kuwaiti border post.

House Passes State Aid

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) A three-year extension of
a multi-billion-dollar revenue-sharing program called
vital to basic services in cities and counties across the na-
tion is halfway through Congress. its fate now.
however. is unclear in the unpredictable lame-duck ses-
sion. The House voted Thursday to continue the $4.6
billion in no-strlngs-attached grants to local govern-
ments through fiscal 1983. which will end Sept. 30 of
that year. it also authorized $2.3 billion a year for state
governments in fiscal 1982 attd 1983. The measure now
goes to the Senate. which is expected to consider a
similar version of its own next week. Wltile Senate apc
proval is likely. it is questionable whether there will be
cnouglt time before the targeted Dec. 5 adjournment
date of this lame-duck session to resolve differences bet~
wccn the two measures.

 

Poetry Contest Announcer?

A $1.000 grand prize will be awarded in a poetry corn-
petition sponsored by World of Poetry, a quarterly
newsletter for poets.

Poems of all styles and on any sttbject may be entered
for the grand prize or for 49 other cash or merchandise
awards, totaling over $10,000.00 Contest chairman
.loscplt Mellon said. "We are encouraging poetic talent
of every kind, and expect our contest to producc cx-
citing discoveries."

Rules attd official entry forms are available front the
World of Poetry. 2431 Stockton. Dept. N. Sacramento.
California. 95817.

Jewish Author to Speak

J.S.C. Hillel attd Speaker's Forunt will present noted
author Cynthia Click on Wednesday at 8 pin in LC 2.
She will be speaking on “Jewish Dreaming: The Artist's
Dilemma."

Admission for J.S.C. members is $1. For non-
rncntbers, admission is $1.50 with tax cards. $2 without.

Tickets will be available in the campus cctttcr lobby
front 10 am~3 pnt. For more information, call 7-7508.

1%;
""ci'tft

M374“?

 

 

 

 

\ Center table anti display in the CC lobby this week.

t

 

 

November 18, 1930

“Peace Week” Activities
to Educate SWYA on

War, Peace, Weapons, Draft.

by Judie Elsenberg

The SUNYA Peace Project has
declared this week “Peace Week”
to educate people on various
aspects of war and peace and to
stress the importance of non-
violently solving the world's pro-
blems, according to Peace Project
member David Dragcr.

According to Dragcr, the topic of
war and peace is a crucial one,
especially since thousands of young
people registered for the draft last
year, and will be expected to sign
draft registration cards itt January.
According to Dragcr. the questions
of draft registration, war and peace
are so intensely personal that it
rnttst be tltc individual who makes
the final decision. rather tltan the

government. Dragcr hopes that
Peace Week will help people to
make decisions in this matter.

Peace Week will last until this'
Friday. November let. As par‘
this program. the SUNYA Pea.
Project ltas set up a table in the
Campus Center to distribute infor-
mation and literature. and will pre-
sent a ﬁlm, “Sentenced to Suc-
cess,” Wednesday at 7 pm in
Brubacher Hall. Other activities
planned for Peace Week include a
speech by War Resisters League
former cltuir lgal Roodcnko. Friday
at 7:30 pm in 1.05. and a Teach-in
frotn noon to S p.m. Wednesday in
HU 354. Roodcnko's speech and
the Teach-in are free.

 

photon: lob hound

:Ht2:3::t:r:':t;t:t“out”.

,Page Three "

  
   

“Guerrilla Theater," featuring Student Union chair Jim Tierney. is a part of “Peace Week."
Highlights of the week include a ﬁlm. a speech. and a Teach-In on the issues.

Alumni Residents Lose Cafeteria as Study Spot

lty Attdrew Carroll

Students livittg in tile downtown
dorms have lost another study spot.

University Auxiliary Services
(UAS) has closed the cafeteria
bencatlt Waterbury and Aldett
Halls to late night slttdyittg, citing
litter, theft, and socializing as the
reasons.

The closing comes iii the wake of
tire recent limitations pill on study
use of the library of tltc College of
Saint Rose. Beginning December 1,
only students with Snittt Rose l.l).‘s
will be pcrmittcd to use the library
Sunday through Wednesday even-
ings. .

A ntcmorandrun released to
students yesterday said the
“Walden” cafeteria will be closed
Monday through Thursday nights
because numerous salt anti pepper
shakers were missing. tables were

 

 

The Sympathy Action held in front of the State Office Building
Campus this Sunday was organized to parallel tltc Women's Pentagon
Action ltcld in Washington D.C. November 16 and 17. Both the Ae-
tlons were held to protest governmental violence against the earth and
against women. The wortten of the Pentagon Action feel that these
issues are related; the rape of the earth is the rape of women. V '_ I

left "dirty with garbage despite
receptacles lcfl available for
disposal of ttttsh." and that on
Mottday. November 10. all tltc
tahlcs iii the Alden side of the
cafeteria were "turttcd around."

Tltc memo also cites that students
have complained of tile noise and
traffic that the cafeteria was being
used as a social area making it int-
possible for lltcttt to study effective-
ly.

UAS said they will not reopctt the
cafeteria until lltc problctns are rec-
tified.

"Their main concern is the
cleanliness of the place. and getting
the place ready to serve breakfast."
said Quad Coordinator Liz Radko.
She said UAS ltad always bccrt
cooperative in cxtcttdittg the
privilege. but that the food service
was spending too much of its time

b s"

 

nhutot om Asher

 

 

itt mornings cleaning up after it
night's studying.

lit the tttcttto. Radko ttrged
students who have information
about those responsible to talk to
their RA's or ltcr. The tttcnto also
asks that students with creative
solutions or proposals “for making
Walden an effective study den" do

the same.

Radko said she's received some
good suggestions from students.
They included closittg the cafeteria
by 11 pro and dividing the cafeteria
ittto a quiet section. and a section to
:tccomodatc talkers and the sub-
shop.

Cottcerttittg study alternatives for

Credit Union to Move

by lieth Sexer

Next semester the Credit Union
will move from tltc SA Contact Of-
ficc ittto the space next to UAS
check-cashing. according to Credit
Uttiott vice—president Tortt Schill-
ing.

The Credit Union plans to build a
wall dividittg tltc check-cashing urea
itt two. [Each office space will have
two windows and will he cottttectcd
by n door, Scltillittg said.

According to Physical Plant
Director Dennis Stevens. tltc
renovation will cost approximately
$2,300. Facilities Planning Director
Charles Estcy has prepared a
building drawing to be reviewed by
representatives of the Credit Union.
UAS attd SA before tltc Plant
Department solicits contracting
bids for the job.

Stcvetts expects, barring any ma-
jor problems. that the job cart be

finished during tltc Christmas in-
tersession itt little for the beginning
of lite Spring semester.

SA is loaning tltc Credit Uttiott
$5,300 for the renovation. accor-
ding to SA controller lra Sontttch.
This figttrc also includes switching
to computerization.

Schilling said the UAS is allowing
the Credit Union to slittrc the office
space, bill the alterations tttust be
paid for by themselves,

The Credit Uttion has been tryirtg
to move next to check-cashing sittcc
it was formed lltrcc years ago, ac-
cording to Schilling. Tltcy did
operate alongside check-cashing for
a brief period. bttt because of
govcrttmcnt insttrancc regulations,
tltc two facilities were not allowed
to function without a division bet-
ween them.

Once the Credit Union could af-
ford to build a dividing wall. ex»

 

by Andrew Cnrroll

campus into a battlefield.

 

as biggcrrthan . , . Tcnt city.“

 

- ﬂ
[st/NYA Students Battle ,
in Season’s First Snow

Albany. NY (ASP) Over 1,000 snow-crazed students rushed this.largc
coed college in upstate New York today. tttrtting the white-blanketed

Tltc bnttlc began with a late cvcttittg skirmish between rival factions
of Dclttncy and Hamilton Halls on Colonial. But politics soon came
into play, its the insurgents ttttited, forming an alliance with a rival
qttttd —— termed by one journalist the "Union of the State.” This
State-Colonial Coalition soon made a blitzkrieg attack on lndittn
Quad. Dccintation. Dutch Quad was next. Attd no tttore. The rag-tag
army of now 1,000 cltttrttcd its way itt Timberland boots. White Stag
survival coats. and surplus Jordache jeans to the campus center. until
finally stripped at the library when one fool-hearted guerillu set off the

exit alarm.
Said one observer at the scene. visibly shaken by the affair. “This
J ‘ w . r l

 

 

downtowtt SltldCﬂlS."Radk0 said
that a meeting Will be held with the
Dean of Academic Affairs for ex-
ploring options. “And options for
Alutnni Quad. ttot Dutch Quad."
she said. referring to rt previous
tnccting when Dutch Quad was cott-
sidercd its an alternative.

“We don‘t need protests." said
Radko. "We need suggestions.”

Next Door

plaincd Schillittg, they had to wait
until Marine Midland obtained a
charter to operate a Moneymatic
Machine at SUNYA. Once tltc
machine was installed, UAS litnited
their check-cashing service. leaving
space available for the Credit
Union.

in the meantime. SA itas allowed
the Credit Union to operate from
the Contact Office. said Schilling.
in exchange. the Credit Uniott takes
care of minor jobs for SA that do
ttol involve handling ntoncy, such
as issuing lax cards. Tlte Credit
Union also allows SA to share their
office space adjacent lo the Contact
Office.

Klansmen and

Nazis Acquited
of Murder Charge

‘GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP) Six Ku
Klux Klansmcn and Nazis were
found innocent Monday of murder
charges stctnnting front the deaths
of five Communist Workers Party
supporters at art anti-Klan rally on
November 3. 1979.

The fottr Klansnten and two
Nazis were cttarged with five counts
caclt of first-degree murder in the
tlayings at a “Dcatlt to the K1 n"
rally. They also were charged with
felonious rioting. Tltcy had pleaded
innocent to all charges.

The 'ull~whitc jury delivered its
verdict iii the seventh day of
deliberations. which court officials
said was the longest tiny jury had
deliberated lit a North Carolina case
lit at least 40 years. The 96»day trial
had cost more than $1 tnilliott.

 

 

 

