 

pkg:

i

ll
Tli

 

    
       
   
    
       
      
      
    
     
    
     
      
     

  

1:";

.,.L::1:Z

‘l

    
     
    
   
    
         
       
             
         
         
   

.~ M-

‘..:r .- r L... mgi‘L

of

   
       
       
         
      
        
     
     
     
 
     
   
   
     
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
     
    
    
       
   
      
      
    
 
   
    
   
      
   
   
    
 
      

."E-:sa-,_l.cax:c

 

 

 

 

 

 Capsu ltas

Carter Asks Boycott Support

 

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter says he expects the
U.S. Olympic Committee will go along with his call for an
American boycott of the Summer Olympics in Meseow if
the Soviet Union has not withdrawn its troops from
Afghanistan by Feb. 20. Carter has no legal authority to
dictate a boycott and the U.S. committee willmeet next
weekend in Colorado Springs. Colo., to consider the presi-
-dent’s request. Carter outlined his proposal on NBC‘s
“Meet the Press." Asked afterward if he thought the U.S.
committee would abide by his request. he said. “l think
50.” Carter. intensifying his attempts to punish the Soviet
Union for its intervention in Afghanistan, called on the In-
ternational Olympic Committee to boycott the Moscow
games or transfer them to another site if Soviet troops are
still in Afghanistan a month from now. Presidential
Counsel Lloyd Cutler said he anticipates that Canada.
Great Britain. and West Germany will support Carter's
position. '

Ex-Beatle Remains Jailed

TOKYO (AP) Members of the rock band Wings left Japan
for the United States Sunday night. leaving behind their
leader. ex-Bcatle Paul McCartney, 37. to spend his ﬁfth
night in jail on suspicion of narcotics violations, according
to a police spokesman. A group of youthful fans. mean-
while. planned a protest rally at Tokyo's Martial Arts Hall
on Monday to demand McCartney’s release. “Paul com-
mitted a crime. but it is unbearable for us, his fans, to see
his image being spoiled.” said Hideko Kobayashi, leader of
the rally. An ofﬁcial of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police
Department. who asked not to be identified. said the
band's main entourage of about 40 persons had left Japan.
The band's exact destination was not known.

Technology Kept From Soviets

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter administration today
revoked the licenses for the export of spare computer parts
for a controversial Soviet truck plant. The action was thc
latest in a series of steps taken by administration of ﬁcials to
try to penalize the Soviet Union for its military intervention
iii Afghanistan. The revocation of the export licenses will
block the L', of liigh- " ' -gy goods' ‘ J " for
a truck factory begun in the early 1970's with the U.S. help
on the Kama River in the Ural Mountains of northeastern
Russia. “Trucks produced at the Kama River plant have
been used in Afghanistan in support of the Soviet military
invasion," Commerce Secretary Philip M. Klutznick said in
a statement. “Under this circumstance and after consulta-
tion with the secretaries of Defense and State and other
departments. I have decided to revoke the “

ing to unite for a “holy war" against the Soviet occupation
army. The Mideastern Arab states and other nations of the
Islamic conference are scheduled to meet in Islamabad.
Pakistan. next Saturday to discuss the situation tn
Afghanistan. where Soviet and Afghan government forces
'are trying to put dowu a rebellion by fundamentalist
Moslem tribesmen. Several Islamic states. including Saudi
Arabia. have already announced they will be boycotting the
summer Olympics in Moscow in protest. U.S. ambassadors
delivered personal messages from President carter to the
leaders of Bahrain. Oman and Sudan today dealing With
the Afghan crisis. according to official reports from those
governments. The contents of the messages were not reveal-
ed.

Tito Improving Fro'n Surgery

(AP) President Josip Broz Tito spcu. a riuict night and was
in good condition today following the iic-saving amputa-
tion of his left leg. his doctors reportcu. i'ugoslavia’s
87-year-old leader was operated on Sunday for tire second
time in eight days to prevent fatal gangrene poisoning due
to blockage of the arteries of the leg. “The general condi-
tion of President Tito is good," his doctors said in a
medical bulletin issued today. They said his pulse. blood
pressure and temperature were within normal limits.
Belgrade remained calm despite speculation all week that
the Russians might try to coerce Yugoslavia back into the
Kremlinls orbit if Tito, the pioneer of the independent
communism. died. Anti-aircraft guns were set up at the
Belgrade and Zagreb airports. but this appeared to be part
of a nationwide. low-priority “vigilance” program ordered
after the Soviet intervention in Afghanistan. In Bonn. the
West German newspaper reports that the Soviets were rein-
forcing their troops in Central Europe because of Tito’s
condition.

Moslem Groups May Merge

(AP) Afghanistan's seven rebellious Moslem factions are
reported trying to unite for a holy war against the Soviet oc-
cupation army. Radio Tchrart reported that an ofﬁcial of
the Afghan Islamic Organization in the Iranian capital told
it discussions were underway aniongmthc rebel groups to
form a single gucrilla front. “The Afghan revolutionaries'
duty is to expel the Soviet forces from Afghanistan through
jihad holy war. not through negotiations.” the official
reportedly said. The Moslem rebels in Afghanistan are
divided along tribal lines. They have been ﬁghting their
own separate wars since the ﬁrst communist coup in April
I978 and were reported to control Iialf the country or
more.'uut the necessity for uitiﬁcation and coordination
became apparent last month when the Soviet Union sertt as
many as l00.000 troops into Afghanistan.

r Dareltue:

Januany 21 '. 1 980

Canada Expels Soviet Spies

OTTAWA (AP) Canada has ordered the expulsion of [Wu
Soviet Embassy military attaches and an embassy chuuffcul.
for espionage activity, Foreign Minister Flora McDonald
announced Monday. She said the trio had obtained
classiﬁed material from an American citizen. paying him
for the information. The material and the money were ex.
changed in Ottawa. she said. Further details on the idcittlly
of the American and the information involved were not ini.
mediately revealed. The ofﬁcials expelled were Capt. Igor
A. Bardeev. who is military. naval aitd air attache; (‘01,
Eduard Aleksanjan. assistant military attache. and VI.
Sokolov. a chauffeur. In the past 20 years a total of 21
diplomats from the Soviet Union. Eastern Europe and
China have been formally ordered to leave Canada [or
suspected espionage.

Fresh Soviet Forces in Afghan

(AP) The Soviet Union has mounted a transcontinental
airlift to pour fresh Soviet combat forces into Afghanistan,
replacing local troops who are dcserting their gOVCftitllcnl's
cause "like so many disappearing soda bubbles."
diplomatic sources in Pakistan said Monday. U.S. in.
telligencc sources in Washington estimated that Soviet
dead. wounded, captured and missing in the war againu
anti-communist rebels might now total 2.000. Foreign jour-
nalists reported from the Afghan capital of Kabul that
Moscow has also sent in thousands of Soviet administrators
to take firm control of the government. whose communist
bureaucracy was hard hit by two years of bloody ill-
fighting. The new Afghan interior minister, meanwhile,
said former President Hafizullah Amin was overthrown in
a coup last Dec. 27 because he had been plotting “llil
Moslem fanatics and the CIA to end Marxist rule in
Afghanistan. The minister, Sayed Golabzoi, speaking at a
news cortfercncc. claimed Amin had planned his power play
for Dec. 29. AP correspondent Marcus Eliasou rcptlrlcd
frorii Kabul. The new regime has claimed repeatedly that
Amin was a CIA agent. The Soviet troops who began arriv-
ing in Kabul in massive numbers Dec. 25 helped topplc
Amin two days later and replaced him with Babrak Kannnl,
Both men were Marxists. but Karmal was regarded as
friendlier to Moscow. Since then the Soviets have joined in
the war against anti-communist Moslem rebels.

 

F
‘ Anouud Campus

 

 

licenses for spare parts for the Kama River computer im-
mediately." Klutznick added. Robert Amdur. spokesman
for the Commerce Department's international trade divi-
siort, said ﬁgures were not immediately available on the
number of licenses or the value of goods involved.

Hopeful For Hostages?

(AP) UN. Secretary-General Kurt Waldheim says he hopes
a plan devised during his visit to lran will lead to the release
of the American hostages in Tehran. But the Iranian
militants holding the Americans captive still insist the
deposed shah must be returned before. the hostages are
freed. “We have worked out a mechanism... and  hope
mechanism will make it possible to satisfy the government
of Iran and lead to release of the hostages." Waldheim told
reporters Sunday in New Delhi, India. The UN. chief
would give no details of his plan. But after his visit to
Tehran. Iranian officials said he proposed setting up a
UN. commission to investigate the Iranian revolutionary
regime's charges against the deposed shah. At the time.
Foreign Minister Sadegh Ghotbzadch welcomed the pro-
posal. iiui he said the commission’s ﬁndings would not be
binding on Iran. and the hostages would not be released un-
til the shalt was rciurrtcd. Ghotbzadch repeated this stand
Saturday. telling a French interviewer that the return of the
shah. now living in Panama, was the only way out of the
impasse. “it‘s easy." he said. “They give us the shah. We
give them ilrc hostages.”

Arab Leaders Rush To Meet

(AP) In closcdvduor meetings anti hurried jct flights. Arab
envoys were engaged iit intensive diplomatic activity in the
Middle East today that irtformcd sources in Iicirut said was
aintcd at forging a common front on the issue of the Soviet
military intervention in Afghanistan. Afghanistan‘s scvcn
rebellious Moslem factions. meanwhile, were rcportctl try-

 

Freed For “SUNY Day ”

The University Senate introduced a resolution today, rc-
qucsting instructors not to penalize students who will miss
classes in order to attend the January 29 rally.

The rally. protesting anticipated cutbacks in SUNY-wide
staff, faculty. and administrative positions and university
services. is being sponsored by the UUP. SA. CSCA,
SASU. and NYPIRG.

The resolution stresses attendance for a successful rally
and copies have been sent to President O’Lcary and to the
faculty.

Cohoes Coming Soon

SUN YA's Performing Arts Center (PAC) Albert
Ascrrncly received a written rcquestlast Tuesday front the
Cohoes Music Hall Corporation. officially beginning
negotiations for the theater to rise the PAC as its new
ltome. ‘

Structural problems in tire Cohoes Music Hall have forc-
cd tltc theater group to seek residency in SUNYA. l.iniilcd
seating capacity and the need to install art elevator. to make
the iltird lioor location more accessible. are among the pro-
blems according to Corporation President Marilyn
Pcndcrgast.

The Hall stands to lose funding frorn tltc National En-
dowments on the Arts and the New York State Council on
the Arts if the elevator is not installed. according to Music
Hall Pttblic Relations Director Pat Fattibcnc.

SUNYA's ihcutcr department will also benefit frortt the
move. Advisory and journeymcn programs may be lit-
stnutcd. enabling students to perform in a professional pro-

 

duction.

Dance—a-Thon To Shake

“Put on your dancing shoes..." and exercise your foot-
sies for Teletlion's Dance Marathon, to be held 6 p.11). for
day. February l - Saturday. February 2. All SUNYA
students can participate as dancers. or by pledging money
for each hour danced.

Prizes will be awarded to couples collecting the lilthl
money. including 91 record albums and Pittk Floyd lickclx.

WCDB. Schacfcr Beer, and CBS Records are jointl)’
sponsoring the event. Free T-shirts will be givcti to all pun
ttcipants.

Sponsor sheets may be picked up in the Campus Center
Lobby Telethon Table or in the Telethon Office. CC 35.1.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

January 22. 19sol~ 

  

Humosexuals Gain Support

 

O’Leary Gran ts Gays,
Lesbians Policy Protection

by Sue Milllgan

President Vincent O’Lcary an-
nounced Friday that he will extend
SUNYA's present tinti-
discrimination policy to include
protection of individuals regardless
of sexual or affectionai preferences.

O’Leary announced his decision
during a conference with SUNYA‘s

 

 

7? r .

   
 
  

Gay and Lesbian Alliance President
J. Scott RobinsonJW'omen’S Studies
spokesperson Chris Bose. and
representatives frorii the Albany
Student Union. Feminist Alliance,
and the Women's Athletic Depart-
merit.

SUNYA‘s current discrimination
policy does riot specifically offer

 

Gay and lesbians will have sexual preferences protected.

(Photo: Karl Clirm)

“Negligent” Driver Halts
Late Saturday Bus Service

by Michele Isruel

Approximately I00 SUNYA
residents. spending Saturday night
downtown. became the viciirns of a
bus company's negligence witcn its
"graveyard shift" driver failed to
pick tip students.

Foltrtsbcc‘s 'I‘i‘ansporlulion Inc..
a company hired by SA to transport
uptown students late Friday and
Saturday nights. failed to provide
scrvicc Saturday night. Students
were forced to call luxis. hitch it
ride. or ride with SUNYA police.
who provided shuttles to tlic cutti-
pus.

by Debbie Kopf

members of the Senate.

ilic system any better."

it's ii mcitnlnglcss excursion."

 

(adversity Senate Discusses
Grade Point Averages for Honors

A proposal to raise the academic rcuuircnicnls necessary for
‘chrccs with Ilonors‘ was rcl'crrctl back to the University Academic
Comtniticc (UAC) by the University Scnutc yesterday.

The proposal, increasing the grade poiirt averages necessary for
graduation nnignu cunt lutrdc from 3.4 103.5 and cum luutlc from 3.0
to 3.25 has trtcl willt opposition. particularly among student

“It (iltc honors designation) really doesn't mean vcry nittcli when
you get out of here." Senator Craig Weinstock ioltl the Senate. “A
3.5 speaks for itself. Changing the numbers arbitrarily doesn‘t make.

Senator .lumcs Riech of the Department of Political Scicrtcc
disagreed. “When tnore than 25 percent of students receive honors

According to the latest available figures. 49 percent of SUNYA .
students graduated with llll honors designation iit May I978.

“Sometimes fairness is achieved by bcitig arbitrary," said Ricdel,
“meaning sometimes yoti are not always the brightest or the best."

An amcndntctti to the triotiott to refer to committee requires UAC
kto report iii the next regularly scheduch meeting of the Senate. J

According to company owner
Roger Folrnsbcc, the standby driver
“didn’t show up. Iiy the tituc ltc
thought about it. it was too late to
pick tltcrn tip." Hc added that [lie
bits tlid ritn Friday night.

According to Student Services
Committee Chair I‘I'auk Ilititmttn.
the company‘s contract with
SUNYA has been terminated, btti
CDTA has been hired to provide
the 12:30 tun to 3:30 am bus ser-
vice.

Bitittniut said I-‘olmsbcc was given
an “ultimatum” ill lulc NUVCiliht'l‘.

continued on page five

ﬂ

 

protection to members oi'SUNYA's
gay and lesbian community.
although it states it Will not
discriminate against people on the
basis of sex.

O’Leary is currently drawing up a
response to a University Senate bill
which formally supports the policy
extension. The response will outline
a lhrcc»poinl policy revision and
will include:

0 The right of a siudcrit to fttll
access of educational opportunities
at SUNYA will be protected.

0 The University will make no
siipttlations concerning sexual or
affectional preferences in its
employment practices.

. Discrimination will be pro—
hibited concerning collateral
SUNYA programs. including
residence halls. financial aids. and
athletics.

Itt addition. O'l.citry said a
grievance committee will be created
if infractions of the policy occur.

Representatives also requested
that SUNYA‘s current airti-
discriiuitntiiou policy. printed on
various University documents, iti—
cludc tt clause slitting the university
docs not discriminate on the basis
of sexual or itffcctioiiul prcfcrcnccs.

()‘l.cary. however. has not for-
tnally approved of the request.
citing lcgul problems as :ru obstacle.
He explained that the policy printed
on documents is affiliated with A"-
firniuiive Action which docs riot

by Attdrcw Carroll

In an attempt to gain SUNYA's
support iii ll union boycott. gar-
rncttt representatives met with
SUNYA officials Friday. The tittion
is boycotting an Albany~buscti firm
that supplies SUNYA with cups and
gowns for graduation exercises.

Mike Winston and Sheryl Schncf-
fcr of the Intcrnulionitl Litdics’
(iurmcnt Workers Union rrici with
SUNYA Vice Presidents l.cwis
Welch and James Volkwcin.

'l'hcy presented the case of the
approximately 50 Cotrell and
Leonard apparel workers who have
been striking since August 8.

The firm, located at 472 Iirond»
way irt Albany. has been charged
with trnluwful attempts to
discourage union activities within
its plants.

The union has been writing Icltcrs
since late last your urging colleges
and universities to boycott the
t‘oircll llliti lcouurd firru and to
ordcr the traditional graduation
outfits elsewhere.

The National Labor Relations
liourd has issued a complaint
against the firm. charging that lltc
company "carried out an unlawful
and cocrcivc anti—union curri-
puign."

Iiuscd on the testimony of fottr'
complainants. Cotrell and Leonard
is charged with intimidating
employees involved in union ac—
tivities. threatening employees who
have supplied information to the
union. informing employees that no
union supporters would be hired or
rehired, and promising employees
increases and bonuses if they
elected not to join the trniori.

The union is also asking that
university officials take into itc-
cotiitt the poor wages and working
' conditions under which employees

  

 

Flames Destroy Suite Room

A lit candle was the cause of a suilcroom blaze Friday night In
‘Sitlit: Qttud's Tuppan Hall. The female resident Ich the candle
unattended and flames soon engulfed cosmetics. then quickly
spread to a sheet hanging on the wall. Damage was also dotte to
the wall and mirror. The girl. who referred herself to the utttid's
Undicinl Board. is liable for all damage.

 

(Photo: UPS)

 

 

r'ccogni/c grievances concerning
discrimination against homosex-
unis.

“The policy will be altered," said
()'I.cary. “but I don‘t think Affir-
rnalivc Aclion will be."

According to Robinson. thc
President has tltc lcgitl ability to
have tltc new policy prirttcd oit

labored. Though the strike is
directed solely against the corri-
party's denial of workers' rights. the
ttniou adds that women who did
scwing for the shop earned only
$2.90 an hour, receiving no rctirc-
rncnl benefits or medical insurance.

Other inadequate conditions iri-
cludc unsanitary restrooms. inade-
quzttc ventilation and the absence of

University tlocutncnls.

“Affirmative Action is rcquircd
by federal law to deal willt
discrimination grievances concern-
ing scx arid race. It is not required
to act on those conccriting creed
and marital status. which are pro-
vided for in University policy.

(.‘Dlilflttlt’d on page ﬁve

ﬂGarment Union Seeks SUNYA Support

.  , . -. .A:
President ()‘Leary agrees to extend SUNYA's lltilt-‘tlistriminlllloll policY-

I'irc escapes.

Coircli and Leonard represen-
tatives denied all charges.

Volkwcin said “the university
docs not have a position now and
may not take sides it) it tinion
dispute."

Winston was optimistic.
however. about the outcome of Fri‘

L’()Iiflllilt'(/ on page ﬁve

Chancellor Names Blau
Distinguished Sociology Professor

by Michith P. Fried

SUNYA sociology professor
Pctcr Iilitu received the
Chancellor's Distinguished Pro-
fessor award for exccllcncc in tire
Dccctubcr SUNY lioard of Trustees
mccting.

liluu has written cxtcusivcly on
tile subjects of bureaucracy in
modctn society. the nature of
orguni/uiious. and social structure.
He said he was "delighted" about
receiving the award and added that
"it was a good thing for SUNYA."

llluu. who received his PhD. in
1952 from Columbia University and
was President of tire American
Sociological Association from
I973-74. has been on stuff at
SUNYA since 1978.

He is the eighth Albany faculty
member to receive the title frotn the
SUNY trustees.

According to llcrhert MacAr-
thtir. who is in charge of the
Distinguished Professor award. the
Chancellor's award is given iti three
areas: "Distinguished Teaching
Professor" for excellence iti
teaching. “Distinguished Service
Professor" for senior faculty
members who have contribttted to

its a whole. and the third. the one
liqu rcccivctl. Distinguished Pro-
fessor, lor excellence in research.

“’l‘hc Distinguished Professor
award is the most prestigious of tire
thrcc.“ according to MacArthur.
“In order to r‘cccivc it. the pro-
fessor must be nationally and inter-
nationally renowned."

To receive the award. MacArthur
explained that nominations are
made by the department chairman
.continued on page five

   
   

Sociology Prof. Peter Blau. '
' ~
Wins notable award

ltlieir department or the university

"""""""" " " Albany'smdent'l’ress‘“‘rm-“'w'vm-  --.-.~-...-.-.~.Page'l'tiree

‘12

  
 
  
     
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
 
 
 
  
    
   
    
       
     
    
  

ii.

i
t

  
   

