  
    
    
     
  
  
   
   
   
   
     
   
    
   
  
     
    
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
    
  
   
  
    
   
   
  
     
  
  
  
  
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

r

 

 

. ' ' hddy Waters, sporting a new band
Qwand-playing "to a very enthusiastic
. taudience. was clearly elan and
dignified at his first Albany appearance at
J.B. Scott’s on Thursday night. November
6. .
Perpetuating a blues tradition. Muddy's

band came on stage and played three songs.-

Including Elmore James' classic. "'Dust My
Broom." All the musicians got a chance to

ﬂotlight their talents by soloing many times.
Ellis Albright'

"Mole." playing on harmonica, got things
sta'rted by announcing if was “star time, and.
when lsay star time, [do mean star time . . .
the father of the blues, Muddy ‘Mississippl'
Waters." in his usual gray vest and slacks,
Muddy was ready to “get down to business."
and play some blues.

"County Jail." a slovw blues tune from
They Call Me Muddy Waters. was the open‘
ing song. “Driftin' Along." which pronounc-
ed his preference to get high on “reefer, no
cocaine." was next. The tempo increased a
bit with "Baby, Please-Don’t Go." a standard
recorded on A.K.A. Muddy Waters and
Muddy Waters at Newport. ‘fCountry Boy."
a song recorded on a lesser known album.
Muddy Waters, Folk Singer, followed. Mud-
dy treated the crowd to a sizzling slide solo In
this song. which brought a standing ovation
from the crowd. "Everything Gonna Be
Alright" from the 1974 release Unk In Funk
and a Jimmy Reed tune. “You Don't Have
To Go," came next. A slow blues. “They
Call Me Muddy Waters." from the album of
the same name. brought on some of Mud-
dy's patented facial expressions. He then
rested his guitar. and performed the classic
"Got My Molo Working." The crowd was
Cheering him on as he walked from one side
of the stage to the other. Muddy walked off
as the band went into a closing shuffle. After
a few minutes; they came back out for an en-
core. "Mannlsh Boy" from Hard Again
brought the crowd to their feet as Muddy was
jumping up and down on stage. Again, the
band went Into a shuttle as Muddy left the
stage. We were treated to a final encore.

t

 

 

i

 

 am. i . :gjwuggfvtﬂ-L'Wl'r -.,.t.,..uu~-.».,w¢w

«Swag Home Chicago." a blues-xclassic.
Even though Muddy sat this one out. the
crowdwaslalive; dancing and clapping along
- with the band. For the third timebthey went
into/a shufﬂe and called It a night.

. ' Born McKinley Morganfield on April 4.
[915, in Rolling Forks, Mississippi. Muddy
learned from the great blues singers of the
Mississippi delta. such as Charlie Patton. Ed-
die “Son” House, and Robert Johnson.
'After his early study of harmonica. Muddy
took up bottleneck guitar and perfected his
style. In his earliest recordings for the Library
of Congress In 1941 and"42. he revealed
himself as a master of the fierce. declamatory
delta blues. His Instnuatlng. rhythmically
complex guitar work. centeredaround his
striking bottleneck slide style, became Mud-
dy's trademark.

He came to Chicago In l943. and
established himself as the earliest and most
successful artist to electrify and and adapt
country blues to modern urban forms. it was
Muddy's six man band that laid the founda-
tion for hiture blues bands.

Muddy's first Chicago recordings were on
Aristocrat. and then on Chess Records.
where he stayed until the mid 1970's. His
recordings from l948 untlll the early l960's.
his first great period, were responsible for
laying down the framework of blues and rock
and roll. There Is not a single artist today
who will claim he was not Influenced by
Muddy. The Rolling Stones 'even took their
name from a l950 Waters song. "Rolling
Stone." and were heavily influenced by his
style. They recorded a good number of his
songs In their early days. and even did.
"Mannlsh Boy" on Love you Live (1977).

Muddyfs band was the training ground for
virtually every Chicago blues musician of any
consequence. The list includes: Jimmy
Rogers, Little Walter. Junior Wells, Buddy
Guy, Otis Spann, Fred Below. Luther
Tucker, Big Waite Horton, James Cotton,
Matt Murphy, 5.P. Leary. Francis Clay. and
Pee Wee Madison. to name but a few. Most
of them went on to form their own bands.
and of course they were based on that of
Muddy's. Most of his best known songs were
recorded during this period. Among them:

 

‘ ; sari-t“  '

(rank

1

    

 

«Hem-breve”: ‘ '
.v a' A

u,.,,.-..'...M..._.. wt...“  ,.... .

 

 

Muddy Watera - At a

II t eba
"Got My Molo Worklrrg," "Hoochle Koochie
Man." “I Can't Be Satisfied." Rolltn' and
Tumblin'," “19 Years Old." “l'm Ready."
"Long Distance Call." “9 Below Zero." and
a host of others which became blues stan-
dards in the years that followed.

During his second period in the mid
1960's. Chess wanted Muddy to make more
saleable records. included among those
were his two worst LP's to date — Electric
Mud and After The Rain. Both were aimed
at the psychedelic crowd. and that once pure
blues sound of the Muddy Water's Band.
was turned Into a pseudo Haight—Ashbury
electric mix.

The black audience. which supported him
during the '40's and '50's, were now getting
into the sounds of Motown and soul. Musi-
cians such as Stevie Wonder. Marvin Gaye.

 

loan 'l'ou'ghens Her Act

here afe a lot of semi-tough ladies

g out there today. One of the first
' and toughest spent her early years

under the scheming of sun-punk producer

Kim Fowley (Dyan Diamond, Venus. and
, the Razorblades .

f .
Ed Pinka
Joan Jett has run aw'ay

to form her own gro
" " y -( .

 

 

from the
up.

     
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

Blackheart. staking her claim as an original
punkette.

The Runaways were five ladies with
limited talents and seductive leather looks.
Their album (even a live one. in Japan. of
course) featured songs by Fowley (your
mom would hear it and ask why girls don't
wear dresses anymore) and Joan Jett (songs
your mom would hear and then demand
that you throw the. album out).

it

i

, Joan Jett has
run away from
the Runaways to
form her own

L, stone.

' Blackburn". atali-
vlng her claim aa
an orlglnal
punlretta.

 

Doing much of the material off her new
album. titled Joan Jett. at her Sunday night
J.B.‘s show. Joan's music has a very
raunchy-garage sound with lyrics dedicated
to only the most urgent topics of young lust,
-S&M. lousy lovers. etc.

Opening with the first song of the album.
"Bad Reputation." Joan and the Blackhearts
— Eric Amble. guitar; Gary Ryan, bass; and
Lee Crystal on drunrs — filled the small
crowd with apprehension and amazement.
The sound carried unlimited power while the
lyrics struck fear into the males who don't
relate to chains.

Following with “Don't Abuse Me" and
“You Know What You Got.” Joan took
command of the stage. moving among the
band and sending piercing looks into the au-
dience.

Toning down the lyrical intimidation a bit
with "Woe is Me" and a cover of “Woon
Bully." Joan then went back to her younger
days and performed sortie Runaway hlts.
minus the Fowley sugar and spice.

"You're Too Possessive." “Teenage Sex
Machine." ando“l3lack Leather" were ex»
ecuted in a style that would make the timid
blush Jett ended the iillUW with the Stones'
"Star Star" only to he brought out by the
craving crowd for three more

The first. another Runaways classic. was
aided by the crowd during the chorus (yeah.
yeah). Then came a cover of the lsley's
"Shout" before J ran ended the show In fit-
ting fashion with Bowie's “Rebel. Rebel."

' Maybe the band was too cute. and the
music too meshed. and the rebel lacked a
cause. but Joan Jett has stopped running
away from silly producers and is now being
what she always was —— tough. O

‘ r' 1 14.19.2311

Aretha Franklin, and Diana Ross. whose
songs topped the charts. were now in de-
mand. Fortunately for Muddy. there was a
blues~revlval going on amongst the white au-
dience. Bands such as the Blues Project,
John Mayall’s Blues Breakers. Ten Years
After. Canned Heat. and the Paul Butterfield
Blues Band were responsible for turning
them onto the blues for the first time. This

V was a very significant turn.of events for Mud-

dy. "They’re (the young whites) more
responsive. the young blacks are more In-
terested In the lumpy stuff. The whites want
to hear me for what i am."

in 1977. Muddy )olned forces with
Johnny Winter and James Cotton. They
subsequently released Hard Again. his first
album for Blue Sky Records. which was
“produced lovingly" by Johnny Winter.
Hard Again recaptured that good old Muddy
sound. and some say it is his best album to
date. Since then. he has been touring exten-
sively throughout the United States, playing
to sold out houses, and is. on occasion. join-
ed on stage by his "young friend‘." Johnny
Winter. I'm Ready (1978) and Muddy
"Mississippi" Writers « f.it)L’ (1979). both on
Blue Sky. continued to capture Muddy at his
best. which brings us back to J.B.'s on
November 6.

At 65, Muddy Waters still has what it takes

to give a great show and get a crowd on Its
feet. Although his new bond was not as
"crack" as his previous one. they were very
adept at reproducing the classic Muddy
sound. The crowd at J.B. Scott's witnessed a
historic event; this was the first time Muddy
has played in Albany. and hopefully not the
last. if you missed him this time, be sure to
catch "The Father of the Blues" when he
grades the stage of J,B.'s once again. 0

Less Don’t
Fail Me Ilow}

- Laurel Solomon

hicken Legs. Is the group that has

% emerged out of the remains of Lit-

tle Feat. the classic American band

whose career ended abruptly with the death

of its main influence and inspiration. Lowell

George. Chicken Legs is an apt name for the

group; wobbly, yet feigning strength. and

possessing the latent ability to reach the
heights of their former incarnation.

Consisting of four former members of Ltt-
tle Feat (Paul Berrere, Richie Hayward.
Kenny Gradney, and Sam Clayton). and
three members of the Catfish Hodge Band
(Catfish Hodge. Dixie D. Ballln and Mitch
Collins). the band has maintained. to a
degree. the sound that Lowell George
helped to shape.

On stage the group looks good. with Cat-
fish jumping around. his eycs popping out of
his head. and Dixie looking adorable with a
baseball cap and pigtails. Both of them sing
with strong. blues~inlluenced styling. lending
strength and intensity to the music. The
band's original music sounded good. paling
only when played alongside some of the
Feat songs such as "Apoliilcal Blues" and
"High Roller." The magic was still there for
the audience though; they were full of en-
tlrustasm for both the old and new. Art in~
teresting inclusion in the set was Elvis
Costello's "Pump It Up." done in Chicken
Legs' unique style.

 

Chicken Legs Isa good band that could be
great. and probably will hr- 1 in time They
seem to be a llllll.‘ unsure of their identity at
this point. but with the quality of their musi-
cianshlp and songwriting abilities they should
soon be able to attract both dielrard Feat fans
and newcomers alike.’

Badge. a southern rock boogie band.
opened the show. They were fairly typical
sounding, but great to hop to nonetheless.
The mood of theentlreshow was celebration.
which was Indeed called for. as It was the bir-
thday of J.B. Scott’s own Vinrile, a man
who helps bring to us a lot of the great music
we hear in the Capital District. .

    
   
   
    
 
   
  
    
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
    

 

t

uember14, 1980

 

l.oo\

Wouldn't go so far as to say they
don't make movies like The Stunt
Man anymore. i can’t ever
member seeing a film quite like It. lt's
irky and eccentric, and above all. enter-
ining. but It's nothing like Hooper. an in-
rior film l'm afraid too many people will be
ectlng to see when they go in.

n
im Dixon

The Stunt Man Is a melodrama — or at
ast It disguises itself as one. The premise is
at a young fugitive from the law named
amean (played by‘SteVe Railsback) ac-
dentally runs into a movie unit shooting on
cation. The, director. a certified
egalotnanlac named Ell Cross (played by
cter O'Toole). happens to be In trouble
itli the local police himself because one of
s stnnunen ls missing and presumed dead
tier it dangerous car stunt for which he
mirr't gotten the proper permits. Cross coir—
'inccs the police that Cameron is the missing
lliilliiliiil. saving both their necks. Of course
his means Cameron. to avoid blowing his
iiily.CtiVUI‘. has to do stun/ts. '

The movie is worth seeing for the stunts
. itlottt'. Director Richard Rush sets up one irr-
sane liaii'~raising sequence after another.
One particular highlight has Cameron doing
. the Charleston on the wing of a biplane.
Which is in the air. Flying. (it bears mention-
ing that in the context of Tire Stunt Mari. Eli
-ross is shooting a World War I film which
.r takes place in Europe on a California bench.)
in comparison to Hooper. which was
‘ directed by Hal Needham. a former stunt~
man himself. The Stunt Man could stand on
the basis of being a superior action film
alone. Where Needham simply set up stock
stunts and did them In front of a camera.
. Rush does innovative. unusual stunt se»
quences. and puts the camera right in the

‘ \

 

' :t...

4

 

-[ nyone who was not at J.B. Scott's
3 {ﬂthis past Friday night probably
" missed one of the hottest shows in
lbany this year (and maybe in years to
' ome). Appearing for two jam—packed. sold-
_ rul shows were George Thorogood and the

 

     
  

    
 

cott Tannenbaum

estroyers. who consisted orB-illy Blough
n bass. Hank "Hurricane" Caner on sax.
nd Jeff "One Cymbal" Simon. As soon as
horogood and the Destroyers ambled onto

  
 
  

 

      
       
   

  
 

    

 

   
             
       
     
       
        
 
       
     
      
  
  

  
   
 
   
    
        
 
       
      
     
   
   
       
      
    
      
        
      
       
     
   
    
      
   

 

middle of the action. The viewer is privy to
Cameron's point of view as he goes through
a fight Scene on a rooftop. falls. bounces off
an awning, crashes through a skylight and

’ lands in a brothel scene. l‘ll admit It's unlikely
that a director would set up such a long stunt
sequence. but it's too much fun to care about
such trivia.

So while Rush is making sure ydu're never
bored, he gives you a marvelous
melodrama. Cameron falls in love with the
leading lady. (Barbara Hershey). who‘s been
having an affair with Cross. Then he begins
to wonder If Cross wants to have him killed.
While allowing for a good deal of comedy.
there is quite a bit of suspense surrounding
the climactic stunt. which Cameron becomes
convinced is a deathtrap.

While this Is the movie's primaryselling

 

 

.. 41.. ..x‘ i' ' 0....
Steve Rnllaback (I). and Chuck Bail In The Stunt Man, an adventure fll

 

Sound  o ' ' ' ‘ V I

point as entertainment. thematically the
movie is largly about illusion versus reality.
The question. while Rush never beats you
over the, head with It. comes up again and

again. When Cameron firm encounters the,

movie company, he's on a bridge. where he
sees a vintage Deusenburg. He tries to hitch
a ride with it. The car tries to run him down.
and he dives to get out of the way. When he

'looks back. the car is gone. apparently over

the side. Then a helicopter appears out of
nowhere. He's seen a stunt and hasn't realiz-
edit. He rescues an old lady from droWning.
and finds that she's not really drowning:
she's really Barbara Hershey In make-up (If
that won't make your day. what will?). in a
crowd of onlookers. Cameron watches a bat-
tle scene shot on a beach. When the smoke
clears. onlookers start to scream 'as they look
. , ,. ‘ J .

  

E

with the subtle theme of reality versus Illusion.

the stage. one could sense this was no or-
dinary Friday night at J.B. Scott's. George
wore an expression on his face that said
"We're about to blow you people away."
They launched into Chuck Berry's"House
of Blue Lights." One realized George was
going to make good with his claim with the
first few runs up the neck of his Gibson
hollow body electric. George strutted across
the stage doing the Berry duckwolk. He then
proceeded to go into the audience to see
how everybody was doing and to
demonstrate sortie of his guitar work up

    

     
      

 

Fear as Falling, Flying,- Dy'in'  -

at the carnage after something seems to have
gone wrong. Dead men and dismembered
pieces of body are strewn all over the. sands.
Then,the dead men get up. pick up their
decapitated heads, severed arms. and legs,
and go to return them to make-up.

Rush Integrates. these elements into the
film more subtley than a'descriptlon of them
would lead one to believe. These scenes
work seperately as pieces of drama or com-
edy. it‘s when taken as a whole that a theme
comes across. Rush obviously wants to make
a movie first. As Cross says at ,one point
about his own film: You have to engage
them first. and then sneak the message in
while they're not looking.

Eli Cross is one of the best parts Peter .
O'Toole has ever had. it's a part filled with
bambast and great lines. At one point. when
he has taken Cameron up Into the air In the
director's crane to explain the magic of
movies. he says "ll God could do the tricks
we can, he'd be a happy man." He's also
allowed to look like God. He's shot from low
angles. and Is In the air. either in his
helicopter or crane. almost constantly.

Steve Railsback. best-known for his por-
trayal of Charles Manson in TVs Heller
Skeltcr. is excellent as Cameron and over-

. due for stardom. Barbara Hershey. through

no fault of her own. ls something of a weak
‘ link as the leading lady. Her performance is
good enough. but for once the script isn't.
Her character is left undeveloped. It's a pity.
but the fault isn't enough to hurt the film,
The Stunt Man is an oddity. it has taken
this film quite awhile to get distributed (it was
being shot at more or less the same time as
Hooper) and the fact that it is unusual is pro—
bably wiry. That Twentieth Century Fox
finally had the guts to pick It up and put it in
the theaters is something the rnovie-goer
who's sick of the ordinary should be grateful
for. 0

George Duekwalks At l.B.’s

 

“There’s lousy music, and

there ’8 blues.”

- G.T.

 

close. He jumped back onto the stage and
belted out the last few. notes of llit,‘ song.
Without taking a moment to catch his breath.
he launched Into “Who Do You Love." It
was fairly obvious who the audience loved
tonight.

George then welc‘onred the audience and
jumped into Johnny Cash's "Cocaine
Blues." on uptempo country rocker that
had the crowd dancing hack and forth. John
Lee Hooker's "One Bourbon, Onc- Scotch.
One Beer." followed. which began willr an
amusineg niorose rap front l'looker's
“House Rent Boogie" and turned into a
tragiconrical farce drenched in alcohol. II
was fitting. lliL’ll. for George to remind the
audience not to forget the bartenders and
waitresses

The next song. “Kids from l’lrilly." on in-
strumental featured on the new album.
More. highlighted the whole band's ability to
pound out gutsy. inspirational music. Calling
the show the "Friday Night Jamboree and
lootenany," George asked the crowd if
Vthey'd mind some obscenities and upon
response. (reorge and the Destroyers drove
into "It Wasn't Me." the’ second of lliL‘ four
Berry rockch of the night.

After muclt chaotic screaming.
'l'liorogood picked up his white Gibson slide
guitar and whipped into "Madison Blues."
Thorogood wanted to do It with the {PSI of
the Destroyers holding the beat. which whip-
ped the audience Into a raging frenzy.

George then slowed it down for Just a mo-'
merit with "The Sky is Crying," a great Irn-
provement over the original by Elmore
James. The guitar playing started slowly,

gradually progressing into a feverish pace.
bringing the house into an uproar once
again. '

The band their banged out “New
Hawaiian Boogie" with the audience joining
George Iir screaming the appropriate ‘lrehs.’
“Can't Stop Loving" followed. which
highlighted Hank Carter's fine bluesy sax
playing and Jeff Simon's thrashing drumm-
ing. Thorogood asked the crowd what they
wanted to hear, and Chuck Berry's "No Pars
ticular Place To Go" followed. George
planted his snakeskin shoes on a stagefront
table and fondled his guitar lovingly. spillipg
out Berry licks and cackltng with delight.
George leaned over to my companion and
sald.”i’retty good. huh." surely the
understatement of the evening. .

George and Co. propelled into the fourth
Berry tune of the night. “Reelln' and
Rockin'." with George ducltwalking and stui»
tarstepplng at stage right and throwing an oc-
casional high kick. The encore followed.
which was "Move it On Over." with
Thorogood and band cracking out the nruslc
at a frantic pace that literally brought the
house down.

Tire only criticistn l have of the show Is
that Thorogood did not play enough songs
off his new album. He played two. but the
first. “House of Blue Lights," is nothing new-
in a Tliorogood concert. for this has always
been the opening song for a great malorlty of
his shows since 1976. But surely this can be
overlooked. for Thorogood isn’t a white boy
doing black roots music. he's a great free-
sptrited guitarist taking his favorites. Improv-
ing them, and then blowing the place out
with them. . .

