   

uric:

 .s . _-=~._...-V.......axnnwms~v

     

The following is'a series of events to keep
SUNYA readers up to date on impending
Issues of the day.

Key members of the Senate Committee on
Intelligence were reportedly outraged follow-
ing recent disclosuresthat the'ClA had used‘

EridaiLthenLer

- In this country. there are three types of
animal: city dwellers. country folk. and subur-
banltes. I

Each grows up with some knowledge the
other cannot readily acquire. The country kid.
for example. can reveal wonderful tldblts
about the milking of cows at 5 In the morning
and posing for Fresh Air Fund commercials
while‘ splashing Into water holes.

The city kid. a much faster talker and walker
than his country counterpart. will be able to
guide you through the subways at age eight
and show you the art of “moving up" at
basketball games ($6 seats for general admis-
sion).

And then there is the third member of the
species. the suburbanite. of which most of
SUNYA is comprised. The suburban kid most-
ly offers ignorance about the things the city
dweller and country folk know. And he can
tell you all there is to know about hanging out
at a shopping mall.

l should know. l'm a suburbanite. from Nor-
thport on Lawn Guyland. Ican cut grass. rake
leaves and cut off commuters while picking my
father up at the train station. But as a kid. i
couldn't fit Into any of these categories. You
see. i grew up In Queens.

Queens. though technically within-the New
York City limits. has many sections which look
more like Long island than Manhattan. People
In Queens brag to suburbanites that they live in
“the city." while inwardly they consider
themselves as part of the suburbs.

The block I grew up on had trees. houses
and back yards with gardens. But former
Mayor John Lindsay made sure we
remembered we were part of New York: there
was the teacher strike. the garbage strike and
the infamous Lindsay snowstorm. John Lind-
say. Pretty-boy mayor of the 19_6f)'s. Oh. did
Queens ever hate him. Which reminds me of a
little ditty we would sing that you wouldn't
hear in schoolyards in Syosset or Tonawanda:
Marijuana. Marijuana

LSD. LSD

Rockefeller makes it.

Mayor Lindsay takes it.

Why can't we. why can't we:

Wm
I[he
Brl sht
Li ghts

Robert Blair

 

 

r ‘ t

The Student Notebook

[Posts n9 '
l|‘he News

MUZAK as. a mind disorienting device in the
19605. In ‘addition to LSD. the CIA had
employed Muzak for nearly nine years as a
Weapon to thwart alleged subversive activity.
according to ex-ClA agent, Rutherford
"Purple" Hayes. "It was Just awful." confessed
Hayes. “unwitting victims who wanted only a
tooth pulled or maybe just a cleaning were
subjected to the wrath of the 'Black Angel.‘ "
Hayes later elaborated that the “Black Angel"
was none other than Dr. Irving Schmaltz, the
notorious dentist from Yonkers who Is
suspected to have collaborated with the CIA In
the late 19505 and early 19605 In an effort to
rid the country of “Godless Commies" and

Queens StOOPS '0 ‘OII

Though we ventured Into Manhattan only
on school trips and visits to relatives (much like
the suburbanites). there was one aspect which
set us apart from non-city kids: the games we
played.

When I moved to Suffolk County at age 12.
l gazed around our block and experienced my
first case of culture shock. The houses had no
Stoops! lcouldn't play stoopball anymore — a
passion of my youth. along with dozens of
other games which would fade Into wistful
memories.

With a little league field on every corner.
suburban kids have ' :n deprived of the Im-
aginative and resourceful games the kids In
Queens and the cit; Jlay. Give us a “Pencie
Pinkie" (a rubber ball) and watch us go: hand‘
ball. stoopball. stickball. catch-a-flies-up. er-
rors. punchball. slapball. kickball. saluggl.
Make the ball a bit larger and we'd ltave a
dodgeball.

Have a car run down the street and we'd
see how many times we could chuck a ball
over it before it passes. Take an ice cream stick
and we'd see how many times you could hit It
iii the street from several feet away with one of
those balls. For forty-two cents. the pencie
pinkie was the biggest bargain In town.

Soon we would discover hardballs. which
had a strange way of discovering windows.
With more windows per square block. Queens
has its share of more errant home runs causing
terror among kids.

r._____i

On a sunny day even the brick looks alright
against the blue sky. The Skyline rises glisten-
ing in the distance. and nothing really
obscures the view ~— not the lumpy black tar
roofs, not the stocky chimneys, not the rust
paint chip fire escapes that climb up and down
every building In sight. Every few minutes a
plane growls above you. Sometimes you cart
see the nuts and bolts that gird its belly. They
are going someplace.

And that's home. and that's where lconie
from. or at least that's where I go to during
variation. Roots. A tree grows in Flushing. my
hometown. Up in Albany lots of people have
lil)lTl(£lf)U/Hfi It often makes you wonder what
all the affection is for - the sentimental and
nostalgic: and mercy proud terminology about
place (If liittl't.

i'vo seen lltt. bright lights of Flushing where

F.   a we liriV(' playgrounds attd barrels and scesaws

for the kiddies. and sodium lights that bring
will the skin color I ent'tttlt the makeup.
‘i hi»; i». win-rt: ‘tlv parents live. They tell me

 

"bleeding hearts who don't pay their dental
bills." By 1969. the agency had abandoned
the use of Muzak as a political weapon
because of Its devastating effect on everyone
concerned. The Senate Committee will con-
tinue to investigate the CIA and Is reportedly
considering a full‘fledged scrutinizing of every
supermarket in the country.

First Baptist Church In Selma. Alabama.
was the site of a ritual burning today as several
thousand parishioners put their New
Testaments to the torch. The Inferno was in
direct response to Rev. Maynard Higgs's state-
ment that Jesus Christ was "bigger than the
Beatles." Higgs explained that he only meant

' The-other major sports had some variations.
too. Basketball hoops never had nets and
telephone ‘poles served as yard markers for
stre footbali dop't ever remember playing
hockey. In our neighborhood. I don't think we
knew what it was. I

And' there was stickball. which was our
answer to one~on~one basketball. in stickbail.
the trick to winning was to find an opponent
who was shorter than you and chalk In a strike
zone box on the wall just a little bit over his
head. Feed him high hard ones and watch
him suffer.

On our block, all games would cease at the
sound of bells. Like Pavlov's dogs, we'd Im-
mediater saitvate because those bells meant
the arrival of the Ice cream man. Those men In
white would really milk our block -—
sometimes coming four times In the same day.
Our favorite Icocream man was named John
and he worked for a company called
Bungalow Bar. To show him our affection.
we’d give him a rousing chorus of our version
of the Bronx cheer:

Bungalow Bar.

Tastes like tar!

The more you eat it.

The sicker you are!

And then all us young Robert Frosts would
buy every cone and sandwich and dixie cup
he had. ‘

The key to fun in my neighborhood wasn't
equipment. it was people —— bodies. Get

   

that they missed me while I was away. and
that is a nice thing to hear. It used to be that
every story started with a question. an am—
bivalent combination of curiosity and reflex.
like a settled foreigner asking about AMERIKA
from someone that had just returned. Now
they shine. Their neighbors. most of them
anyway. ride the elevators and are getting old
and stuck. But i can't spill it even though i
want to because I don't have the guts or the
tact or perhaps the italvete. And if you hold It
in long enough II levels out and you discuss
things that matter like Afghanistan or Iran or
the PLO. and you are strategic and they are

flexibly obstinate and you part as friends.

This is growing up. And i Wonder if maybe
in one great swoop of an air raid or maybe just
an air raid siren. that we'll all wind up in the
same bunker and realize together that strategy
is for generals and politicians of which you are
neither littt try so hard to be at the dinner
table.

So 1 stutter iti my thoughts but there are

 

 

x

.l.'i’.'.

' l'“ I
M..- -, ,w.......---.....-,...-..no...“
W -

20.2 .tf,...i.i ll’.t‘t_ will. t..«.

0.»..- or—n-s-u o

    

.dtng light on some of the bizarre (ll‘IttllS til the

quer

 

Page 4a
Christ was. at present. more popular than the
Fab Fourvbut that doesn't imply diiylhlng
“sacrtlegious or uncool."

Hollywood mass murders. reminiscent of
the Manson slayings. have once more raised
questions as to the connection between
popular music and the Cl'lliiiiirll mind
Suspected murderer Bernie Polanski In» .tti.
mitted to being a rampant disco fiL'rIlL. shtiti.

recent Derek-Domino murders. Lint '.|.t'ijl(_
Los Angeles police discovered the twink
“boogie-oogie-oogie" scribbled in liliiiitl .m
the wall of the Domino home
reportedly convinced that an liILii‘llllilt‘ '.t..]t
between the races will ensue iti lllt' rim
decade. This conviction was t‘xilrtiiiilitltttl
from the complex and intricate lyrics Ul "Love
to Love You. Baby" by Donna SUIIIIIIVI who
Polanski insists ls trying to C0iTiiiiUtIll.rtlc Willi
him. In addition. Polanski has been iiitplicttied
in the 1969 TateLaBIanca—Folgur itititiltzrs
because of his well-known hostility inwards
Mrs. Olson. O

IbomasMarteug

l’itltitrJu is

enough kids together and you could pltt‘, l\'i!(l
Rover. Red Light Green Light. l'tt’n/i' I'.tg,
Hide and Go Seek (which. with llti‘ ilFt'Ifiil.
came out "hlnegoseek") and thaw two
‘classics: Johnny on the Pony iilltl [tutti-()-
Liveo. Like baseball card flipping. ll]t"tl' tittlIIL’S
Would often errupt into wars. Bottiu mp rt «title
In handy In "skelly". a variation of iItriIl)lL‘5.
and even the yellow lines in a [Yttr't-Liltii Int
would provide amusement in a gtiiitv Milled
Box-tag.

And when the girls got away fitilti Iltulr
Barbie-dolls. they could do more thing» with it
iumprope than we could with a rubber lliill

For a kid. the difference between Queens
and Suffolk County was like night tillil titty
Most of those games were discarded III lttvor
of such strange pasttlmes as soccer «liltl I title
League.

But one never forgets a Queens r lillillitriitl

"Hey Lip. you wanna CltallCIiiji' i‘t’7tIi
Place in stickball? Them Richardsons my Ilit'i.'
can beat us."

“Tomorrow. maybe. We got .i III‘\.\.‘
clubhouse we built from taking lllitilii'l lliilli
that new house. The Mets Fan Club llii'l Wits
Westrum."

"I thought you wuz a Yankee fan "

"i am, but we're gonna play litlSi'lltill Itil(l
colors and I'm gonna win all of Ricky’s i'rtttlw
All i need is a Casey Cox to have all llli' t rtills
In the check list. i never had that liL'lltit‘ "

"Well good luck. Hey Gino. Iut'» strutl
Ellen's hat and play saluggi . .  _ e

 

 

lllt'

questions that you have to ask like why tli'i
elevator operators live here and the t‘ttblilm
and the people that don't CUililJlrtlli lit't tili‘it'
they can't afford to. And why (in Iliiti,‘ ‘Mi‘f it.
find a Job and get an education .ttitl ttt writ
hard and that It will all pay (1” iii llil' «'Itil

Across the tunnel things are tltllt'it'ttl
There's money and pchr and calm l'wittl"
take cabs. Cabiiies make a living It all Int >l
Pretty from across the bay. and it l‘i lhw it tin»
take you back. Your move fast to mt ‘
and relax. Flushing of my mind titiiil. t Ii‘i'!
lir’ ‘ion

Back iti Albany. wltert- iiii- whip til llii iwiw
cracks at about llii’ same time its III I In In.

 

Somebody plays music by .t h.tittl tlitii
lldllllii The Beatles, ililtl somebody .I'
Iiig to shake like Mick .ltiggt'i. ‘
And i hope with all of int/lit'ti” 1"” ‘
go buck the Old litrlii's sunniiiti llii'lii t "

«,i I

 

bloated buttocks and l)itl\.lt“ilt'I tutti I‘ii‘ “'

store don't wait with 'i|)l'il iil'lil‘a .ttttl
my face. "We tttltl you so "

 

H-t i“\ ' t.I' t r ‘1 I v in A

'I‘.‘-_~_.v.-.~~.--~-_.‘,.-

4 vh‘lvvrhmw it. mow-w»

 

.itis t'i : J I l (-Jil'l i irtt~ :9 wt it
--

I
It'tili it
t

..,....-.-;-';wt‘_,_.s ’

 

’.

\ii\\iI\\ _

 

 

 

Despite its reputation for blunt. impulsive.
loften ruthless brutality. street life iii The City
'has ironically maintained a t'tinianttciml tttid
gltitifitztl existence it was brought iii llt’iititl
way iii Was! .H'irlt‘ .‘tiritii. if) the screen Willi The
Bounty flirt-ii. lt) lIlL'i’tJliltt’ wttli RI! litilil
Wtiglit's Ntttitit' Hunt. to sports tvith ('itiintt-
lltitvltitis ttil'.l Riil‘i'llil l)tti‘iiti. iiiitl littitt' \IDI
iiigstt'vit lyitt‘i/L‘tl it for Vinyl In fact. Il'\ ttti
lillilJt‘i‘ ltislttttttttlili' Iii bi" btit'ti rillll lilt’tl uttdi't
llii' ‘rlt'l'llt‘. painless. cttittipy til lint-inn, lfritlii'i.

it's t'oitsitlett'rl \ilillt‘Klicil t'ltic It) have clittti
iiiflt’tl lllt,‘ tutu rttitttitisity til slit'i'i lilti ililii .t
spii‘iii'd. \ri't tttnit- st'iisunl pin liti'll' Sixlvtiuit‘t

   

Sirtllittit'. littl~t'ti iiitl‘t‘ Mii’ll. tltitlilt‘l ‘Iiitl
iiuiitt‘iitus \‘K'iitntttii llll‘ii tttii tittth lit llil‘r
/'\lintt-.t illiir’itllt’ iwi >t mini lllt ’itt.tlt' I'llii"‘.‘ll
liililiilillt‘tlll. tiii.lt"l that l i "
ill‘. will " tutti It lltty. ".il'i‘t ilittri-I ‘It
‘ttiliii’llrlllllil‘~llt’lli"‘iil'tl|li‘ “at ’ 'uw
li'iltllnit" Wlirii l«.t«'it-- » tit i i .
I'tii‘t‘ t.ii'i|lt.' tittt‘intutl It "Iiitl ‘t

 

(tillilillllilll/

Cliff Sloan

l'|‘llirl|)‘v it's ilittt tiltiiti'iitiis llli’ilrtlllli“r rtiltl

 

‘i‘li’Ut'iitIitIilt‘ft .ttv lTilillllftiitil l'IrliI|tlI|Ii‘|lls (if
lsttunt lilt‘. ,WU'Vi' always l‘t'i’ll ltist llliilt'il \‘Jilli

the illegal. llii' it'lit'llltlll‘i, tilltl llii‘ liitlilt‘li
llL’lltt’ out t'iiti-tittitt itttt'tcst Ill [lilllllﬁlt‘i'5.
gtttnltlttig. .tltttliitl .iiitl "‘tt'x .tiitl thugs ttnil

tttt'k il IIIll." \Vt' tiirltlili' tlli t'\'l'l‘ tilittiiist' til il
li'iittltii, llitll 'lli‘ Illt’lllti llll" lli tint Hill ()itt
lti'tiilliiti's lt'l'lt til lliltlilt’I, Itllilll‘l" .iiiil tttint

l'i'lt'vtstttii I'- i-ili‘iliil'll \\‘lll| tltit llllit'liliillt“ till

 

itiii‘dlitlliiili. rtllt’n. lI-iti, «lillti .iltti~.tv .tittl
liil'villl‘. fliii' Iiil‘l ll it Ittl-Lt' lililt 'tl llli’ tit
(«“y's til liltiiit"~ liti llii' fiiiilfilfllt'l. 'flit‘
ltt'tiili l'lttltiifliili .ttitlctitlii'illi, llit lllillii‘
tlttit liililt'tlit'rlllt .tll ittii iiittttil l.tt.itltt~t. \\‘t'

('lthL‘ \lllill'lll'l‘. ‘tt‘.'\. t‘Hf'tlIll’. tiilll nlllllt l‘tl illl llll'
Uilit'i ‘itil'lt’lill litlll)ll‘i

Strt'ei lllt’ is it \Vitl'lil most of its tlitii'l know
too much about. 'l'lll’Il‘ftll't’ \vu vit'w ll from it
distance. t'utiittiiiitig disinfected. llitlilf'rlll‘j. Wt,‘
are Intrigued by the unknown. yet fear it til the
same time. But as one starlleet admiral taught
us. the true test of manhood is not to fear the
unknown. "to bravely go where no man has
gone before." So you'll find many a pompous
ass patting himself on the back for being street-
wise. and chances are he'll have a good story
ready in case you decide to Interrogate. But
knowledge comes only through repeated ex-
perience. Selling one nickel bag doesn't make
you a dealer. Selling your body once doesn‘t

What keeps our “civilized’
society constantly intrigued
blunt,

by a small,
community?

ittrikw \,‘l)ll it pittstiilitt' Arid liviVIiiti 4| few iii
iiilt‘lii «is ttit llii‘ \lii’t‘l tlttwrit'I tittikt' i._‘UIl ‘vlii’t'l
'.“i l’ 'l'llt‘ at liltlttl‘- til lllt’ ‘tlit‘i'l tittiltt' llii’li liv
llii‘Ii ltittil .tiiil rlit‘llt‘i tlt'pt'tttl tIII

ltiil litttti ii

.t ~I' tliti li‘tiili llil'll litiill’ will .it. tlilt_‘\ .tiii.
«'iilt Ilti"ll it "tili‘llittii llII' i'ItlIl It‘ll titillttiii
inh‘ til ' tilt'tttt -tiitl '.i t‘ivt.'..‘ 't‘ittltt-w iiiiwi

    

 

t-l lli‘ ill -I ill ltii‘lltl t.t t . .. tint .Itt

l't ilt tit Ilit lili'ttlt‘d ltiiliti it in t tittiiti Illll
i‘llt l1-Ililliil‘lll " II' "lll'tl hi- 'l .ii tlui' iiii lllii'
.I-. lilliiil-lliiiil‘  tiittkittti .; itillit‘I {in itiIIVi'. t'l
Ii-iilt‘-~~ haititi llit’ ."tliii‘liiiiii illt'ttlii. it
’r-‘i‘lliﬁ lli|"tl’ tlttt . \Vi‘ \li".‘. II il‘ till t"l ttpii, .i
sin ti~~~litl Ilt‘i'liilitill litilll ‘tttt li‘ltil III IIIII‘ which

\\’|‘ till ('li\‘l.‘ III ‘ritlfit' i'.\lt'lll ll Ill‘ttiH“. til llit’
littck til tint lililill‘t. It'lling ii‘i llliil Ilii'w lii'iilili‘
littth lii‘itl lllx’ \V‘wll‘ll) 'l'lii'y'vu gttiii' llii‘ll tiWii
way. and sc'tvi' its d f'ttll'ultllll tl'llillitli‘i' llittl
lilttlilll’ t'illllt‘ Il’rllll/ iltit.“r pity lt kt‘t'ps i‘\’t’il/
tltt'tiitii't lii’llt‘Vllit] ili.ii \Ulll|’\‘\’l||‘l|‘ llit‘ll"t~i .t
tit't Hi It titiit li i-tltt'iitt' ilntl it‘illl‘.‘ \\'|iil(‘~

l'ltt' put r[)l|‘ islnt ll\’t' fl” llit‘ ‘lll‘l’l. lII I\UI‘\.‘4’|.
tlliil'l lit'l I"-‘-illll\.‘ t'it'u Ililitil“ that way
‘tttiitt‘i."litti~‘ tiliriig lllt‘ lillt' iilutitius l.i|lrti’\/
ii'ti‘.|‘\ lli writ .tiitl It’tlllli.‘ lit’tllli‘i

‘lt's itit.‘ it tlt 'l liiil"> llii' “WW I ha l. in II." t riit
ll"i‘1\'llll lliti'i' l'.titl Mllllit‘ iiit 'l'lli Ami. tilitl
fl‘lllt fit "l\l‘lltli"‘»" 'tlitliil hm. it t itthl rii'i)llil(l
it full 'Il l‘tifli‘l titttti'niints lii‘tiltig llirll they can
ltllltliU the uni playing ('iiltl and pick it from
ttiitottgst llil’ two black ones. "Monte" shuffles
his hands quickly, constantly tripping as he
proceeds. /\ middle aged titan throws a $5 hill
on the table and gleefully turns over the red
card. "Monte" reaches Into his pocket and
with a look of reluctance. pastlie man $5.
Quickly. "Monte" resumes his motion, rapp-
itig quickly. enticing the audience. “I got $30
says you can't find the red lady (a queen of
hearts)." The $5 winner scrambles through his
pockets and drops $30 on the table. He pulls a
black card attd curses in disgust as he makes
his way down the street. “Monte” smiles and

starts the shuffle again.

 

GOStretI'fe Sen-ode

lawless

"lt'x. till .i it)” lltiitnt' it riiltl tltt‘ fuittit.‘ tltiiig
is, tlii'y l\'ll(t\U it also All i.ttn tittttn iiii I‘t ll.i‘.lt
itiirtti'y iii ‘rtilllt'lltHl‘l illltl Iilit‘ tttit ill It‘ll \‘.‘Ill

Inky .i t litillt l‘ I \‘t'll,‘lti tiltfs .illi'l lllt' lil’l ltiii |-.

-i. | itt~i i.ipiitili/t' trit II urn tlill'

"r\in" t'Ut t\.'Irtii’ 'llt) r Iii’llitt lntil't 't|l|' it .i'. Mi
tilli‘flill '<"~[Iliiliii'il l'llitllli'. i I «'iilitil l'tttl'.
:iitttiitiiiiiri ~rilt"Iili:iI ""t‘tti t" i I‘,l wilt. lIl'Lt‘t in
titliiiti it, I ill tutttt' Ii'tlltl llllii’ l «ll IIII‘It’ lil'lll
tt- .\l‘illl‘\,"t Iii ‘tliiil‘« and lil'\ llirill truth on I‘l‘rt"

l'litlllli' l-Litls '.itti not A but” ill llitll It lllllt‘ in

train lily ||'[lltii tint Ilii' tiiitlitiititrtl illilillill llttti ll.
itittl tht' N ‘r' (f pittlu. ltotn tttmii to lillt‘ p III
III .' it livuig (lUi ittntttttttiy, l.ikt' "Mlllll|"' Ill .ttu/
titltui liusiiii-ssintttt. (Tlnttlii! titust ilthUllth‘.
lliippiiig is it tool of the trade. the stit'i‘t's fintn
itf titlvutttsi'tnt’itt. It's it soulful. critilty. ‘iitiil
-.i tin] li/[lt’ ltf stimuli that boasts of mods itssi'ts
It". li‘tt‘tl If! t ritcli tltu (illi‘iilllii) of it [)dh‘ii'l by
('liiiillt"\ \U'III sonic-thing likv this. "I may lil‘
tlt’lliltllh lint l'lil tt'litlli‘t lgoi llit‘ lit-st for loss
'I-tlt‘tt’ i ain't likt- llii‘ rt'si ' Again ‘iiiClL‘llj is

first itttitt'tl \vitli my way til lllt' ‘illl‘t‘l. titii \Ui'

pnk tip tilt lt'liililt‘ .twn lillliiil‘t So if .t tittt/
ilt'l" ityi-i tin it hit itl giils. ll|"‘t \tilfl in lliin‘ "rt
tittiitl nip " littt tiliirllt‘lli‘t plttt.‘ fin kit ks. illltl

lllltll‘H‘rliilllll‘i play fiti ltt't’l)‘.

"Now i ain't no ticlt innit iilltl i don't claim ltI
l)i‘," t-xpltnnerl Charlie. “Miinuy ditii't Ilittll
IIIU. you know? i hang out. got no boss, and l
inttkv the houts. I don't need to push racks iii
the gttrttieitt center like 'thfili tlurnb rilggers.
Everybody gets high and I know it."

And despite various rebtttlals. everyone
needs sex. Where societal norms will not con-
done it, street life supplies the filler. “This is a
Job honey. don't get me wrong. i ain't makin'
love. l'tn gettin' fucked." said an anonymous
hooker on Lexington arid 26th. “i got a kid to
support and there's no Job lit the fuckin' world
that'll pay $300 a night like this one. Now if
you wanna spend some money let's go. if not.
get away. you're driving all business." She's

9

 

 

 

proud. even snotty. The business UI iove innit»
ing him-(ls little or no romance and emotion
littlht'r, il yttn wttlk tkiwn Zotlt SIIL‘t'l between
tultltiigltt ttttd .ri ii iii .yttit'll probably see ll C4"
tll)i)T iilit'll tilltl \\‘rilt'li ti littvt-iiitl head spit it
\L‘riil itf \[lt‘liit Uiilit tin! pnvr'ttii'nt It's not |)I'|.'l
ty tllitl it's not fun il's business. inst itllfillll‘l
way [if gutting by
'l'lils is littl Iii titty lliiil stit't't ltft' artists sok'ly
till llilt‘ ‘tllll‘ of the law On lllt‘ i oittttny. titty
trip walking ii lit'ttl is its utlu'li ti pttrl of it its a
\lii'l'li l])iiltitllliit_l llll‘ll tttif 'l'ltutu tends to
lit' 4! ltin‘ littti' it'ltititittslitp liittu‘t'tiit the law
itii'tikt-is .iiitl thu l.i\v L‘llfllll t'I“
"l t.iii'ly lttt l4. up it litililU‘l." -..iiil .lolttttiy. ti
'l'lli‘V'II' litiiiit. tilitl tin-ii inst
llii‘t lilii’ l‘lllli lllit’il ttti' Ill

i.it I' ‘rllllilll tttii
il|tll'l inky .t ulttl
.tntl “.lii‘li l l‘tltl llI'I l tins Ilti’ lii’til. ‘lli ttiltl lllt'

MK II m min I llti i: lump ’Ili' ltiittilititg riltil
Iiii'i' itit‘ tithtttiittii.iii ‘mittiiiittiit-s llit'il'lt' ii
titlintlzlti tl“t'l '

Min ll of tho it ii‘titllllltl. ilt'\1)llt' wlittt ~iiilt' lil
tltw lint: L‘itit litippi'ti lit lli‘ till. I‘t villilltil A t .ilt
tlli\’t't lti'ltl
lt)\‘.‘ttlll his itiii its ('liriillt‘ tliil r

Itiritu.’ til lln' "illlli' sctittittt'iits
itti boss. yiiiit
IIWII litiuts. k’lt'

Slt’utit lift' is not it simple story of cops and
iiiltltets lt's' a thriller til kittiwitig tiiiu's bounds
Itil(l titi'trlititg titgizther Vril'ltlll‘t sticctzs fitttnulr'is
tliioitglt tti.il itntl urriir. Strct'l llft' itiL'tit'liitititt‘s
rill sticiiltttl titliriris tlllll makes them accessible
for public consumption It's ll place where you
can biiy almost anything t'tIlIllflt'IIllrllly. The
bottom line. lttiWL’Vt‘I‘. is that you unit so“
anything Without a titttrkut, The only it'tl‘iliil
u/t' ~lty away from tho strut-I is that it's not tll'
it.tctivu. piittty. or .tppt'ti'riiiig. If you took it
pimtitutv and put lit’i in it bunny outfit. Sllt‘
\vtinld Irv sought after. it not respected. If you
took it Three Carri Monte and set him itt
livsoits International. he wrtitld no longer be
looked down upon. And if you spent your
days researching cocaine. pot. and heroine.
you could probably market it in a magazine
like High Times. But we don't like raw. ag-
gressive attitudes. So we make it appealing to
the eye or dainty In order to disguise our
animosity. There's no man who hasn't fan»
tasized about rape and no woman who hasn't
fancied herself as a call girl. Yet we cover the
"ugliness" of street life because it holds no
pretenses It is truly survival of the fittest.
Perhaps It's too much like a mirror and the
reflection isn't as flattering as we'd like it to be.
Whatever your views may be. we can all find a
little piece of ourselves walking the streets ofl

 

 

 

'N.Y.C. .

 

 

 

 

 

