M, .wm"..,...pmu-w tr “Hal!!! r

. rﬁgnusmwwswmw

 

 

. How About Reagan For Pope?

To The Editor:

On September 21. in the midst ofthe first
1980 League of Women's Voter Presiden-
tial debate Ronald Reagan declared his can-
didacy for Pope. The announcement came
as a complete surprise to Candidate John
Anderson, who had just concluded repen-
ting for his prosed Constitutional Amend-
ment to make Jesus Christ President of the
United States. Anderson. after quickly
regaining his composure. responded that if
Reverend Reagan was successful in his bid
for the Papacy. it will be the first time that a
leader has asstrtned the dtial role of head of
Church arid State since 1535 when King
Henry VIII successfully beheaded Sir
Thomas More.

When asked what his immediate plans
were. Reverend Reagan cited rnora. . rece-
dcnt. tradition, divinity, and Thomas
More, then issued warratrts ofcxecution for
liilly Graham. Oral Roberts, and Carter's
evangelical sister Ruth.

Just as Anderson was abotrt to remark on
the new Reagan Candidacy, the Papal
Airplane arrived from Rome . bearing Pope
John ’attl‘s declaration “forbidding all
political leaders from running for l’opc."

Reagan. ignoring the order. went on to
outline his new Papal platfortn. At the top
of the list was the Reverend's abortion
policy which removes Federal Funds from
that practice. “Thou shalt keep the beat."

it reads. The problem of appointing Federal
Judges was addressed secondly. “Th0u
shalt appoint Federal Judges who approve
of trial by water and fire."

in reference to the tax situation, the new
Papal platform declares that the Federal
Government will no longer be exempt'frorn
Church Taxes.

The Reverend’s platform attacks infla-
tion head on. it calls for an across the
board debasement of all coinage. “The srrv
ings alone for this proposition shorrld be
enough to firtid the volunteer Crtrsatlcr's
Army," commented a Reagan aid.

ill further reference to the litllf,‘ War. a
volutrteer arrrry crusader it. summoned to
march on the lr'atherr Kremlin. eflcctbc
immediately. “l’raise (End and pass the .r
Nuke."

Finally. the platform addressed .r highly
controversial issue. the Ior'itliorr of the
Vatican. The Reverend Reagan has decreed
that if he is elected Pope. "the Papal heati-
quarters shall be relocated to Hollywood,
the divine city between the Oceans."

After the debate. Anderson. still rrrrrirr»
taining that he was, indeed, not a -.poilcr,
was seen nailing his 95 'l lit-sis to the White
House (itlte.

Vote Reagan for l’opc,

.lay (i. (‘olrcri
Stuart M, Stlrwirrt/

 

Open Letter To

Dear Mr. Stevens:

You probably had the best interests of
SUNYA students iii mind when you altered
the evening Wellington bus schedule to its
present form. However. you failed to take
some important factors into consideration
when you “improved” the scltedtrlc.

The schedule change decided on last Fri-
day was not publicized. As a result. on
Monday. ten to ﬁfteen people waited at the
Eagle Street stop for a 5:15 bus that never
showed up because it no longer exists.
another five or so people waited for a 5:45
bus that no longer exists and all of us waited
for a 6:00 bus that showed up at 6:l0. The
bus arrived at the circle on schedule. No
problem. right? That's only if you had a
professor who started his 5:45 class 45
minutes late or if you phoned ahead and
had UAS hold dinner for you.

in addition, you apparently were not
thinking clearly when you made up the new
schedule. How is anyone who works
downtown unti 5:00 supposed to catch a
bus that leaves the stop at that same time?

Here's a novel idea—maybe the bus will be.

a little late and those people expecting to

EXISTS l??? TH
BEDEFIT 0F\

5% MILL e
can.

 

ewe HONOR, MEAth

Dennis Stevens

have to wait trnlil 6:00 will make the 5:00
bus after all!

People say that rules were nrade to be
broken. Maybe schedules were niatle to be
changed. . .again and again and again. llll-
til someone gets it right. What's that saying
"practice makes perfect?”

llrrrbara Cohen

The ASP spoke with Mr. Stevens last
night and he insisted that the new schedule
was published beforehand. Bus drivers were
handing them out to students on Thursday.

Mr. Stevens was made nature of the
scheduling problem by many students like
yourself and has recently added the 5:10
rim.

He said that it was common to make
many such changes at the beginning of each
school year. and he welcomes all input on
problems of this nature.

Students can call Rab Rollrnron at SA,
who is chairing the Bus Committee. when
they see fit. .

— Ed.

l

THE WHEle LNUG VEFl 6
RESWlBlLlTlES AW mifGATinES

Dear Joey:

Well. it seems that Reagan actually has a
chance. i believe that the mart is a maruac
and will blow lrari up as soon as he has that
power. If he gets that power. Joey. then

“Should you get drafted, you have tctr
days to report to the l)ralt litlilltl'r’lllti supp»
1y llrern with documented proof that you
have an ascrsiorr to killing and war. lt's
e tcn very short.

almost irrrpossible ill tlros
ptablc pro-

very emotional days to yet .ucv
U .

| \srote to the f .( .L .t). t( crrtr.rl (‘tllll‘
Illillct' lot (onarcrrtrous tibiector-tl .rinl
inked them to ar-rrrl son .rud in) little
f’oir-a‘rentto'.rl~ fillit'cltll cards. If
in aid be

brother
\orr rllrilrUldlL' urrlr llrr'rir. twill hair
on file nth llILlll |lr.ri" ptoot cirouyh,
lt\c\. tlrc rlrrrlr lunr'ti ~.\rll ltt'\.l 'r-Irclr \otr:
\ori oili newt scr‘ run

I Also. the llltl tha' sou r'tr’ tour ll.ttltt' on

 

f Joey, Listen To Me

file so far ahead ofthc time that you may hr
called upon is a very valuable asset. Ir p”)
vcs that you weren't scared, yoti were 1....
doing it because you felt it.

I have not committed you to rrrorlrr‘rrrv,
Yotr are under no obligation. Your in”...
isn't on file until you tell them you earn it
there. When you get their tutti .Hirl
literature in the mail, don't tlnou. n out w.
from me. I want you to have n, I --  . 
to have a chance to decide,

You have a choice, My little in
the other hand, has no tiliolrr rrr
would break his own .wn '\ it“. i
let hint be drafted. llatl «on .r
with too broken leg. i. ol no -‘

Sarrr.

l hope you don't tlrirrl. irll
lather. llc's seen not.

He got slrol in the henrl in l. w

'l hirrk about it. lo:\.‘.

in

 

 

 

 

lo the litlitor:

llrc ('arlcr administration has had one
rriaior success iii the last lotir years: llrc
building of one ol the most inept records iii
American history. ,lrrrrtrry ( artt‘i's conduct
of forcing policy has corrltrrcd ottt friends
and delighted orri crrcrrrics, his economic
policies have sent inflation and unemploy-
rnent through the roof and driven produc—
tivity into the ground. On e\ery issue front
tax cuts to Iran. front energy to lsrael,
('rrrter' has wavered. vacillrrtcd and hedged.

Jitrrrny Carter knows that his record is
weak and that any close scrutiny of it will
kill his chances for rc-elcctioit. He has
therefore devised a strategy which has effec-
tively wiped out one opponent and which is
rrow being used on another.

(‘arter has consistently refused to engage
in any lrcad-to-hcad confrontation with his
opponents. During the primaries be bid
froin Senator Kennedy. uirirrg his involve-
ment iii the lrarrian crisis. This blatant ex—
ploitation of the hostages was exposed
when Carter finally left his cloister after the
rescue attempt. lvle rationalized his sudden
emergence by stating that the hostages were
no longer a ptrratnount issue.

Also. Carter. when feeling threatened in
the polls. has constantly engaged in vicious
personal attacks on his opporretrts. During
the primaries his tactics included the claitti
that he never panicked in it crisis (a clear
reference to Chappatiuidickl and numerous

“7’ “"0 museum:

IF PLAlUTlFF'S ARGOMEW lg 09- 7% FAMl TREE CHOPP .
MARE] itinerary» E“

curwréeu HEW it) 0696an ’ we T0

Woman.

   
W7 wliVEC/r TOLUAPD (GUM Rlél'f'fé CF FREE

3/

Four Mdféﬁaoﬂﬁeeer "

television cottlrrrctcials ptrtlt.l‘.iir.

a “good husband, father, and |.ir‘..
la cheap shot at Kennedy". nrrw .‘
bletns).

Now that the main event i rrr.l
('artcr has seen no reason to cilnll . rr
tics. He still refuses to engage III on on". till
dialogtie with his opporn of Hit
Septembeer presidential debate-r r on r ml
of a dialogtrc between (iowrrror i‘it‘tl’dll
and Congressman Anderson.

So far Carter’s campaign has br‘r'tr ont-
long tirade against Ronald Rt‘ill'rlll ll: lrrru
portrayed the former California t row rrirot
as a “racist” who would “ignite a rrrrrlciti
war." llis whole campaign has lu'r n lmwrl
on half-truths. distortions, and rrrrirrrrlrt
lies.

The Capital District l’rierrds or ltorrrrlrl
Reagan is a community group icplcsctrlitrt’
people from all walks of life. Its trrt'trrhcts
are from both the Reptllrlirtiti llllti
Democratic Parties. By removing liltlllt_\'
Carter from ofﬁce. we hope to reduce
government interference in lhc Ines of
Americans. restore this nation‘s ability to
defend its interests, and increase the quality
of ortr lives. To do this we need volnntcco
to help man our headquarters and
distribute information about (iowrnut
Reat-lan. Anyone interested cart Lilli Jeff
Shapiro at 438-7100 or Site lhrrkc at
457.5132. .

Jeffrey Shapiro

1! 1| 1 4‘, £15 1.1

All,

 

 

 

 

Queen
Marshall 'l'ueke

Pages Six and Seven

 

