 
  
 
  

  
  

A- ..; - . .. .Mwmwc.._,...g-,__,.

  
 

   
  

   

    

-
. , . .
._ l u a . 3-...“ .. .m—Hﬁm

.7. R. o.r:.n.::.:r:.=w=.a.e-;g.a "’ A =‘ s Q =‘ n r d

 

 

 

_...._.~_u....—.-.L

    

Mwm- ﬁftijg' 1" -
.q . a.

 

 

 

 

by Gary S. Sllverman

In President Carter's recent address to the

nation he stated America will “preserve the
vital interests of our nation and its allies." in
considering this statement I have drawn the
conclusion that there are two major areas of
foreign policy for which the people hold the
president accountable. First. as he stated. the
preservation of vital American interest. And
second. the interests of the American citizen.
Often we consider the two one and the
same. but i do not. Too often the president's
actions are influenced by the persuasive lob-
bies of powerful businesses. Since this is an
election year. large contributions are of the
necessity to any campaign. Yet. l do not wish
to suggest that the president is involved in
any form of bribery, but rather i believe that
in considering the interests of the lobbyists.
he has sold the citizency short.

Consider the facts: I

The Afghan gov’t. which ‘recently’ fell in-

to the hands of the Soviet Union has actually
been under their control for a number of
years. Examining the history of Afghanistan,
we see that the Russians have had a hand in
their politics for some time. Since l959 the
army of Afghanistan has been trained and
equipped by the Soviet Union. And more
recently. the revolution of i978 was both
cheered and supported by the Soviet Union.
in fact. the Soviets helped establish. through
their embassy. the radical Marxist govern-
ment which took power. it is therefore ap-
parent that the Soviet influence in
Afghanistan is no new situation. but rather a
“stronghold” established many years before
the recent invasion.

But what ltas so many people worried is the
Soviet build-up on the Pakistan border.
which is merely l50 miles away from the Per-
sian Gulf. or more specifically. a piece of
land called Hormuz. The Strait of Hor-
muz. for those ofyou who are not up on your
geography. is the point of entrance to the
Persian Gulf (the place where all our Arabian
oil comes from). Therefore. if this land were
to fall into Soviet hands, our oil supplies may
be held for ransom. much the way our
citizens are being held in Iran.

From this analysis we can assume that the
President is not as worried about Soviet ex-
pansionism as he is of the loss of the oil supp-
ly. We can also assume that America is
prepared to go to war for our oil but not for
the 50 American citizens currently held in
Iran. Of course i do understand that the loss
of our oil could mean a major crisis. But it is
a problem we control. and one we can handle -
if we all work together.

Consider that last year Americans cut oil
consumption by 5 percent with no trouble at
all, and this number could be considerably

lilllllllllﬂlﬂ

 

 

 

7Wli0$e*‘"Vita| Interests” ?

higher if we madethe effort to do” so. As a
matter of fact. if we worked at conservation
as hard as‘ we do the creation of armaments
we might not even be in this mess. But i do
realize the facts and we are involved in this.
so what do we do?

Possibly it's time to use the vast stock of
oil we have on reserve. In case you were
unaware of this. we have a large oil supply.
yet untapped. we save it for emergencies. To
say the least. this is about as much of an
emergency l lope we ever have. Every year
this reserve goes up and we should put it to
work. Even in I979, the year of the gas crisis.

- this reserve went up. Peculiar. isn't it? in
I979 our reserve stock increased by is per-
cent. or to put it simply. while you were on
the gas lines. millions of gallons were put on
reserve waiting for the windfall proﬁt tax to
be imposed, or in short. waiting for a
marginal price increase.

This inevitably brings us to a discussion of
our good friends at the oil companies. For
while we sit and discuss the next world war.

 

 

 

 

 

they count their proﬁts, the highest proﬁts in
the history of this country. In fact all the time
Exxon corporation cried over the high price
of oil. which ofcourse caused an unfortunate
increase in our prices. they reaped the highest
recorded net gain. a ﬁgure estimated at $4
billion. But ofcourse this can be attributed to
a number ofsources. none having to do with
the "apparent" cutback.

But besides the oil companies. much of our
oil dependency is dominated by the oil pro-
ducing nations. Yet we must assume these
countries are not only in business to produce
oil. but also for the welfare of their people.
And recently the spokesmen of these nations
got together at the lslamic summit. At this
meeting they condemned the Soviet Union
for its aggression against Afghanistan. if we
are not careful in our attempts to protect
“vital American interests”. we too may incur
the wrath of their condemnation.

it would seem to be more intelligent for us
/ " -
Th“. N I:
’a'
G K iv

 

 

 

to be their allies than be condemned as ag-
gressors. in this way we may be able to obtain
fairer gas prices in return for some vttai pro-
tection they see as necessary — a protection
that could come through peaceful alliances
rather than war-like manipulation.

in his speech. the president spoke of
Peace. He said we can “thrive in a world of
change if we remain true to our values and
actively engage in promoting world peace."
in this I agree. Americans should remain true
to their values. This is why i ﬁnd it hard to
place my faith in the president. for only four
years ago Jimmy Carter stood against the
draft and war. He told us there would not be
a draft while he was president. i realize times
change, and so do people. but how are we ex-
pected to hold true to our values when the
president cannot hold true to his? ldle pro-
mises are of no use, especially to those they
effect the most.

Does the president hope to "thrive" and
promote “world peace" by sending another
generation of Americans to their graves? We
too wish to see a world at peace. but peace
cannot be arrived at by war. Vietnam all too
quickly reminds us of our task to make
America free for democracy. Dead men
know no freedom. Peace is not arrived at
through war. This time around. spare us your
“nationalistic cries" and tell us the truth.
Figiuing in Afghanistan won't free anyotte.
protecting the Persian Gulf does not serve to
protect the community at large.

Holding true to our values means doing
just that. if we are committed to preserving
world peace. then let's do all we can to do
that. in his speech the president spoke of

. Congress approving his defense budget. This

budget has increased military spendings.
something the president said he sought to
decrease just fottr years ago. to a level far
above an average spending rate. This new
budget includes the construction of the MX
missile. the rocket on wheels. How do these
measures hold true to the values of pro-
moting world peace?

in considering the question of the draft. we
see that only a registration has been propos-
ed. But all too often we see that no conscrip-
tion was proposed without being followed by
the draft. The recruitment levels of the armed
forces have been way down and the perfect
reason has arisen for a new induction of
America's youth. We cannot allow the Pen-
tagon to use this current crisis as an excuse
for rc-instituting the draft.

i do understand that my opinion, although
shared by many. may be frowned upon by
some. People may say that l do not care
about America and its people, or that l am
not willing to stand up and prove our nau
tional superiority. So let me remind those

 
  

 

SA’S Competence

To the Editor: '
f “The purpose of the office is service.

oriented."

t The above quote. referring to the Office at

Student-University Activities in the campus

center. is found on page two of the Resoum

Manual for Student Groups at SUNYA, A“

, recognized SUNYA student organization, w:

wish to challenge the validity of this sell.

serving quotation.

For several weeks we have been planning:
week of activities known as SUNY Nativc
American Festival scheduled for Februaryt
through 8. Pursuant to the S.A. regulations
we applied for a permit which would have
enabled us to apply for table space in the
campus center during the daytime hours of
the week of our planned activities. Ourap-
plication was well enough in advance that
such space would have been available. Wc
checked with the S.A. office on a daily basis
to see if the permit had been issued; each time
we were assured that our application would
be reviewed very soon.

Less than a week before we hoped to have
the table reserved we were informed that the
dunderheads in the Student Activities office
had somehow managed to “lose” ottr ap-
plication. By that litne. it was too late to
reserve a table anyway.

This loss of our application uill hate it-
reversiblc. detrimental effects on lilc Ntnitc
American Festival. Tabic solicitation um itt-
tcgrai to the success of our cwnh llllti \tili
create difficulties and hard feelings tot both
our membership and invited gut-st slicltkcii
that will not be forgotten quickly.

This screw up on tltc part oi the Student
Activities office leads us to mix tno illtpon

 

tant questions:

 

 

 

 

people that opinions of dissent ttrc nltat they
wish to fight about. That the freedom to tell
what is. aTtd not witat wc'rc led to believe
is the basis for democracy. And Iiuttlly, to
reveal whose "interests" are at \litkc itt tlti»

confrontation is a basic indivisihic right.
Therefore, it is time that the line is tillt\\ll
between vital American intctcsls and the in-
terests of the people. If a war is to ptntcct
America’s business interests, then let it he
stated as sueh. The president wisltcs us to he
a nation “secure in filling its energy needs".
but does he wish us to pay for oil with blood!
If we were so worried about Soviet upttn»
sionism. then why didn’t we do solllcliling

.before? Clearly we are not being givcn a fair

deal. Fighting to protect business is not
fighting to protect against cxpansionism. The
time has come to realize the lies. Tltc tintc has
come to stand up and refuse to accept the
candY-coated political double-talk hcing
handed to us. And finally. the time has come
for us to stand united as a nation and
establish whose "vital interests" we are pro-
tecting in a war over oil.

my

~—......

  

.lIIl/Ill"

’14

 

 

 

 

 

 

ume‘
cocoons
BEBWBGE

113
@EEQ‘I—fﬂiﬂmg ’
‘Ulﬂ ‘FEEE ("BLUE
[MUG WEE] (HIE—3.:

 

 
  

   

 

,. - kw... A-..” been I. V

 

   
    
   
   
     
     
  
  
    
 

  

           

 

