 

 

 

._ .
Soviet Troops 0n Alert
Kabul, Afghanistan-AP-Soviet and Afghan troops were
placed on full alert Thursday in readiness for possible new
anti-Communist demonstrations and violence as worship-
pers emerge from Friday prayer in Kabul’s'r'nos'ques.

Spokesman for r the lslamic‘ guerrilla movement told
reporters attacks were planned for Friday despite a reign of
terror in rebel strongholds by the militia of the ruling Khaiq
People's Party. 5 . v /

Reliable diplomatic sources said dozens of alleged rebels
or rebel sympathizers have been executed since ﬁghting last
week. Rebel sympathizers claimed the militia had executed
“many hundreds." .

Some Western diplomats expressed skepticism about the
guerrillas’ ability to mount another citywide offensive so
soon after suffering at least 300 dead and an estimated
.l.000 injured in the last week's street battles. which the
government blamed on “imperialist agents and saboteurs"
in the pay of Pakistan, China and the United States.

The Pakistani news agency PPi said rebels in
Afghanistan shot down two Soviet helicopters Sunday in
Ghazni and Kandhar provinces and killed 4i troops, in-
cluding three Russian ofﬁcers. in a night attack Friday in
iuar province. The news agency said demonstrations
against the Soviets had Occurred in northern central and
southern Afghanistan. it also reported that Afghan troops
are desertihg in large numbers because the Soviets have
forced the Afghanistan people to fight against the rebels
while the Russians remain in the background.

None of the information reported by the Pakistani news
agency could be confirmed from other sources.

/

‘ Iran Commission Tours Prisons

A U.N. commission investigating charges against the
deposed shah toured a notorious prison on Thursday and
met with a representative of the ruling Revolutionary
Council.

Efforts to arrange a commission meeting with the
American hostages were unsuccessful. at least for the time
being. The militant captors said they had not decidctl
whether to permit it.

it was feared the approximately 50 Americans. who have
been.captive in the U.S. Embassy in Tehran for in days.
might not be freed for 10 more weeks. A leading official
has said it might take that long for the as-yct-truformed
Parliament to make a decision.

On its fifth full day in lran the U.N. panel visited the
ousted shah's main residence. then toured Evin prisoh
where thousands allegedly were tortured by SAVAK. the
Shah's secret police, before the monarch was forced from
the throne before last year’s Islamic revolution.

Four commission members met with Hassan Habibi. of-
ficial spokesman for the Revolutionary Council. The fifth
member — co-chairman Andres Aguilar of Venezuela —
was in Caracas on a previously arranged visit and was to re-
join the commission in Tehran soott. U.N. spokesman
Samir Sambar said.

A report from the commissiott. relctiscd at the United
Nations, said the members went through ti crowd of I.200
alleged victims and examined individtrrrl ‘11969 of obvious
physical mutilation.

“Co-chairman Mohamed Bedjtroui spoke to the victims.
assuring them of the commission's compassion for their
suffering. He stressed that this deeply moving experience
would remain imprinted irt the memory of tire members of
the commission." it said. '

It had been hoped the panel's investigation would lend to
an early release of the hostages, btrt lran’s govcrtrtnent tittd
the militants insist there can be no link between the two
events. -

The commission has been pusltittg lrtrnian authorities to
set up a meeting with the hostages. and Foreign Minister
Sadegh (ihetbzadeh has said he is tryirtg to arrange one.
But all have been unable so far to win the approval of
militants who have held the embassy since Nov. 4.

Reagan Comes Up Short

Syracuse, N.Y. -AP- Former Californian Gov. Ronald
Reagan came up eight signatures short Thursday in his bid
to get back on the balot in the state's primary, a state
supreme corrrt justice ruled.

Justice l'lohn Balio ruled that Reagan could not be on the
Republican ballot. saying he was shy of the 1.250 required
signatures needed to get on teh ballot in the 32nd Congres-
sional District.

The district includes eastern Suracusc. cnstcrn Onondaga
County, all of Cortland. Madison and Cherrango counties
and parts of Delaware and Otsego counties.

James C. Tormey. one of the wouid~bc Reagan delegates
and anIattorney representing the Reagan campaign, said
Balio gave “a very fair hearing and was very generous."

The state Board of Elections bad challenged 380 of the

1.401 signatures the Reagan campaign presented. Balio
restored 221 of the disputed names.

Tormey said Reagan forces "would probably" appeal
Thursday’s decision. He said many other Reagan ballot
petitions were being challenged throughout the state. par-
ticularly in New York City.

Thursday’s decision left Reagan with slates on the ballot
in at least 21 of the state's 39 districts.

NRC Secs No Shut Down

Washington-AP~John F. Ahearne. the chairman of the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission. said Thursday he doesn’t
anticipate that this week's nuclear poWer plant accident in
Florida will require a shut ‘down of other reactors by the
same designer.

However. Ahearne told a Senate subcommittee he won't
make a final decision until after he receives a full report on
the Florida incident. which he said he expects next Tuesday.

Ahearne testified shortly before the NRC was to hear
arguments for lifting its self-imposed moratorium on the
licensing of new nuclear plants. No new licenses have been
issued since the Three Mile island accident in Pennsylvania
nearly a year ago.

Ahearne said the malfunction that cruised the reactor at
the Crystal River nuclear plant to shirt dowrt and ﬂood the
reactor containment with 43,000 gallons of radioactive
water bore liitlc relation to the near-meltdown at the Three
Mile Island plant.

Bttt ti leading ttuclear skeptic. Rep. Jtinics Weaver.
l)-0rc.. took to the House floor to itrmbnst the NRC for its
handling of the Florida crisis.

4

Activist Workshops

PIRGEES are coming! .What are they? They are
members of NYl’lRCr rind will be gttlvtntiing all over
SUNYA this weekend for NYPIRG‘s 1980 Spring Corr-
fcrcncc. Students arid staff members front all over the state
will participate in more titan 4O workshops dealing with
topics such as Student Rights. Anti-Nuclear Organizing.
Women’s Rights, and the future of higher education in
NY.

The tentative confc'cncc schedule will include:

Friday 5-l l:30 p.in. --— Arrival and Registration

Saturday 9:30-9:50 am. — introduction

Saturday, beginning at l0 a.m., there will be a series of
workshops in the lecture centers.

Sunday will ittcludc general discussions on legislative in-
voivcmcrtt in NYPIRG.

Aidfor Married Students

"Married students will be freed from financial
discrimination because of tire recent prrsstige of timcnd-
uterus to state education laws.“ said Slitrron-Wtirtl. SASU
President.

The new version of education rcgulrtlions \ttttcs Ihtit iii-
come critcritr for financial ttitl awards to rnurrictl students
be bttsctl soicy on the etirnings of the student and his or her
spousc.

Previously. financial aid awards were based on the cotn~
binctl incomes of tltc student. his or her spoth ttrrtl tlic Slit-
dcnt‘s ptircnts witctltcr or not the student wtrs listed us tt
dcpcntlcttt.

"This policy was unfair and scvcrly rctiucctl nccdcd
finttncinl assistance." Wurtl continued,

Under the new provisions. titty Intirrictl \tttdcnt
regardless of age who has not resided with his or her
parents for ntorc titan six consecutive weeks iii a year or
iiSiCLi us at dependent on sttilc income lnxcs. will be declared
emancipated for financial tiid purposes. The student must
have been mttrried on ttr before December ll of the
previous academic year and lint lirtvc received more than
$750 itt support front their parents.

Sponsored by botlt Assctiiblyintrn Andrew Virgilio and
Senator Kcnncth Lthillc, the ncw provisions pttsscd with
little opposition ttnd will become effective on .ittly I, Will).

“Most mnrricd couples tlo irot rely on their pttrcnts us it
source of income." stiid lcgislutivc sources. “they should he
considered under the cnttrncipritiort standards established
ttrtdcr tltc education lnws."

Educational Outreach

NYI’lRG is forming ti new committee to act as tin cdiictt-
tiotitrl outreach program for the Albtnty turd campus coin-
rnutiitics. For those individuals interested irt prtblic rela-
tions. health care. or law. NYPlRG’s speaker's Bureau will
serve as art orrtlct to pursue these interests. The group will
educate the public on issues such as the generic tiritg [ow
through public speaking and the media.

 

 

Attention Anti-Drafters

A student-run coalition for peace was created last Sutur-
day at SASU's first Anti-Draft Conference. The New York
State Coalition for Peace was organized during u..-
SUNYA-based conference with representatives
various state and private clicgcs and universities.

According to SASU Campus Organizer Bruce Cronin
the Coalition arrived at several decisions and advoctltcx nit.-
following:

Opposing the reinstatement of draft rcgistrtitiotr trnrl

front

' conscription.

Opposing military aggression and methods of mu.

Promoting nuclear disarmament.

Cohdemning superpower intervention ill itticttttll ut-
fairs of the nation.

Promoting a conservation policy and renewable
resources (solar) so as to crctrtc a self-sufficient nruinn in
terms of energy, reducing dependency on foreign r’tiiitits.

The Coalition is sponsoring several other illlii-tilttll ci-

forts. On March l3. there will b- it statewide AlliHllllll
Action Day. On March 22. tut Anti-Draft Mlltt'il on
Washington will be held. Anti. on April l3- l4, rtn :unrrlrnlr
teach-in will be held.
The second Annual Capital District Rudiorbon lrit lilL'
Blind is scheduled for Saturday. March R. Wilt). trout Kori
ti.m to 8:00 pm. on I460 WOKO AM rtrtlio. ‘i'ltix rwuhc»
hour Rndiotlion will hertefit the Northeastern Assor'trrtrrrn
of ilic Blind at Albany. inc. and the over 1,200 blind .‘tllli
visually handicapped people they serve zrrrrntrtlly. 'i ilL' pill»
pose of this year’s Radiothon is to gcncrtrtc increased public
awareness of. and ﬁnancial support for. quality scrviccx lot
the blind of Upstate New York.

Blind consumers. their families. cortuttrtnity ICtttit‘H. .utrl
NABA Staff and Board Members will join WOk’t) i) ii.
iii providing a comprehensive look irtto the Associrtttun's
diverse service programs. The broadcast will be ii\r' itrilll
NABA Headquarters at 30] Washington Avenue. Alihtln.
Advanced donations are welcome. .

 

Budget Teach-In

Tltc Albatty Stirdctrt Union and tire UUP nrc spitttmt utt'
air all day “Budget Teach-in“ Tuesday. in rcsporwc l0
Governor Hugh Carey‘s proposed budget cuts SiJNerrlc.

Beginning at 10 a.tn in the Fireside Lounge. stttticnt‘. will
be educated on the effects of the htrtigct Cuts iit siiltc ttrtin‘t
siiics.

Speakers will include faculty. staff. turd slittlcitts who
will offer advice on how to “save SUNY.“

New Graduate Fellowships

Tltc l-ius‘tctl Fellowship of $500 is tiwztrtlctl uttutrnlh to .r
graduate student who holds a bachelor‘s tlcgt'cc from thc
Univertity tit Albany and hm; itccn in I'csitlcttcc ill the
University for tit least two years as an untlcrgrrtdurrrc IlrL‘
award is tntttlc from the l-iusted litrnd. wlticlt wars r-srrrltlr hr
cd iit recognition of Dr. Albert N. i'ilISlcti's fiftieth \‘r'ttl in
the faculty. The fellowship may be irscti for grtttlurirr- arurh
or this or any other accredited university.

The iirrsted fellowship will be ttwtirtictl on Alrtrnrri Itn
(Mrty l7, l980). Applictttiott forms tire ttvrtilnlrlc lrIIrII
Alrttntti Affairs Office. Alrrtrttti llousc. Stritc Uttlrct .ro wl
New York at Albany. Albany. New York. [2212. uiul IIlrt i
re returned to ilte Alumni Office before April |.

For fitthcr information. please contuct Mtll\itll .I. Mr
(‘trrrlty ru 74631.

The Agnes L l’trttcrcr Mcntoriul Fellowship of “(to r
nwrirdcd illlllllitiiy to a graduate student who hulrl'v it
brichclor‘s degrch from the University tit Albtrn) rutrl lt.r
been in residence tn tiic University for ru least two _\t‘uls .w
nit undergraduate. The trwttrd is made front the Aunt". l .
Fultci'ct Fund. which wtis established iii recognition ut .\liw
Fnttcrcr ‘s coruribuiion to the development of rhcturc .u lllt'
Sttltc University of New York rtt Alhuity. 'l'lic l‘cllorvdup
may be used for graduate study itt theatre or tin-turt- Icltllt‘ri
fields at the University tn Albtniy, tit tiny other trcr'lwlllvli
Univcrsity. or iii ti rccogtti/cd thctttrc progrurtt.

The Agnes E. l-‘iitrercr Memorial Fellowship will "0
awarded on Alrtrttiii [)tiy. (Mrty l7. limit). Appiit'dllt‘ll
forms are available from Altrttiiti Affriiis ()t'l‘icc. AhnIH"
House, State University of New York ru Albnny. Allin“)-
NCW York. l2222. and must be returned to the Alumni Ui-
ficc before April i.

For further Information. plettsc contact either Rohcit I.
Dottircliy of the Theatre Dcptirintcnt. or Mttt‘.iltl .l. Mrt ‘trt-

. tlty.

 

 

 

 

F‘Eiiiii‘tir'yi'i‘sf,'i98ii' ' ‘ “"“ “ " ' ""' " """

SA Court Decision
Election Results Upheld . .

. SA Supreme Cortri voted Tucs-
dtry night to uphold the contested
results of the February 6.7 and ti
(‘cntrtrl Cotiircil elections ltcld on
Altttttni Quad.

Despite 'orts by unsuccessful
candidate Steven Silverbcrg to in-
validtitc tltc clcction. Ltturrt .lonsson
\‘ilS officially declared \ictorious
with 52 percent of tire total of
Alumni Qtitrd voics. Siivcrhcrg
received 33 Hilt's.

Silvcrbcrg‘s tippctil to tltc
Supreme ('orirt stemmed from tr
closed liciu'ing of the SA lilcction
Commission held Monday. The
group ltcltl unanimously to sustain
the election results. Silvcthcrg was
not pl‘cscltt ill the meeting.

Silvctbcrg rngtrcd 'l’rtcstltty night
than his tiltscncc wrrs cruised by il-
itlL‘Ss tutti thtit the Commission's
tiCL‘isiUli wus nut trrtivcd tit filil'l)‘.

'l lic court ctrsc was prontptcrl by
Sil\cl'i)ct'p‘\ allegations that
.itllts'srttl rnri ti “sincur cturrptiign"
iii the rcplrtccnicnt cicctions. ii - tit-
rcutprcd to pttlstlc liligrtliolt. clttrrg-
ing .lonsson with slrnrdcr and

“morally disgusting” behavior.
claiming she btidinoutitcd iritn dur-
ing her campaign."

The issue was brought before tltc
Commission rrfrcr both parties were
informed of tilt: hearing in n memo
issued by Commissioner Ron
Joseph on February 14.

Silverberg plans to present proper
rttcdicnl cvidcrtcc to verify his
testimony concerning the rctrson for
his ttbscrtcc. He was apparently titl-
ntittcd to it ltospittrl due to rt
stomach virus.

Hc ttddctl that lie ncvct received.
itt writing. a notice of lVlortduy's
ltcuring.

However. according trt .it)\t'|til.
an official reminder was sent to
botlt cundtdntcs. Joseph added he
also sprikc to Silvcrlrcig on the
telephone rind strid. “if you choose
to bc ililSL‘lil. the cortrt will Cttll_\ on
nonetheless. Silvcrbcig tiilcpcdly
confirmed tltc date with .itlSL‘Dil. iti
utldition to I‘cqtlcstitit' rt \vriilcrt
reminder “only for his files."

Silvcrhcrg stud ltc could not recall
this conversion.

.0: ............ 

a .. ur n-nvv- In... a.

 

‘ Jonsson Victorioust'ln .. ,

is he skritin ' rlttk will remain tcm torurih itiiiistthlr due to problems.
I’lll'xft‘tt/ I’lmtt DII't't'IIII‘ Dcltuir Slave/Is is t)/)Illill.\’li(' that the rink ivt/l Ullt‘ll.

Ice Rink Remains Closed;

Problems Delay Opening

.loscplt snid ltc culled Silverbcrg
ilfiL‘l the Commission hcrtring.
reminding him that it notice was
iSStlL'ti. Silrcrbctg thcrt cxplriincd
ttbotit his illness ruttl citrirrrcti lrc ttt—
rcrrtprctl to r 'rtch Joseph Sunduy
night. “This tllL'itlls ltc obvioust r
kucw about the case itt order to cull
nrc." snid Joseph.

ltr udditiori, Siivcrltcr'g rtpptircnt-
l,\‘ failed to issue tr fotmtil appeal
with the i-Zlcclion Commission. Ac-

t'tllllllillt'tl on [rugc I/Ii/‘lt‘t‘ll

New Program Coaches Assistants

it) Adele (irrilln

in tin cfforr to improve tltc qutiii—
ty of SUNYA's teaching assistants

('i'A) ti TA trttining committee ilil‘r
t'cccntly been I'orittcti.

Assisttint Vicc ill'L'Siiiclli for

Acudctnic Affairs tutti Dean of
Undergraduate Studies Helen
l)csft)sscs turd Acting Dean of
Crrtitliitrtc Slittiics Richard Hull
crcutctl thc committee to intprovc
the TA progrtrm.
. ‘I‘lrc cornrttirrcc will turcntpr to
tiL‘lllUllSlllliL‘ rcticlting methods.
library use. lcstiltg. grading. tutti
teaching critics.

At its first meeting curly
licbrrrru'y. rltc committee divided
itsclf irtto rhrcc subcommittees. The
first subcommittee will assess tltc
needs of graduate students. it will
try to discuvcr rltc type of fortnut
the graduate students themselves
feel will bc most cffccthc.

Surveying ttcudcntic departments

ttiid cvttluttting twisting progrruns is
the task of thc second sttbcottllttil—
Ice. The purpose of this respon—
sibilily. trccortling to lirrll is to “try
to find good puttcrns turd \lipplc—
incur or crttultitc them for rtr ,- rest of
the University." lirrli L‘lllDitllSl/Cti
that the new program worild corri—
plcmcnt not replace those tinit
ult‘ -rttly csisi. 'l'ltc iltird srrbcontmit»
'tc'c‘ls concerned with designing the
tcncltiirg progrnnr itself.

The lS-meutbcr cornnrittcc rrtrtdc
up rtf SUNYA professors. yrudurttc
nntl imdcrgrtrdtrrrtc students is
clrnirctl by SUNYA professor l€d-
\vnrd Kcllv.

‘l‘ltis coritrrrittcc “is not just going
to be on paper.“ ttccol'tling to
Dcsfosscs. “The ilLillliiliSil'illirlll is
ready to prtt sonic tccllt ittto it ." Sill:
Httitl. in n memo to cortunitrcc
members Dcsfosscs tintl linll sttirctl,

“We have recommended to the

President ntitl the Vice President for

Helen Desi‘ortses has initiated a 'l‘ettchln ' Assistant 'l‘rululn Committee.

_.__. ‘
The program ivtll flllt'ltllll to prove

.c.....r....

the qua/it y of SUN YA TA '.r.

. . . . . . (Entire; .U {S}.

Acritlcrnic Affairs. us well as the
Council of Deans. that it sound
icucltiug trssisttinr progrttnr be
prerequisite for it dcpttrtrncut to
receive tissisrnirlship funds. ’l‘hcy
ltuvc supported otrr rccontntcndtr-
iron.

in §)i\iil Saunders

\‘l’hilc SilNYA‘s rcccnti) crtlll-
plctcd icc sktrlirtg rink is presently
unitsttblc doc to construction rind
wctrthcr difﬁculties. l’liysicnl l’lurit
tliicctor l)cnnis Stevens stud ltc
hopes to open it ttgttin this season.

"Wc'll check to set“ if it looks like
we cun bring the stir frtcc buck.“ ltc
said. “if it looks like we cant. we'll
strirt cictrtiug it off this weekend."

He trtltlctl lilili he would ulso lttrvc
to be sure that lilL‘iC \\‘tl\' enough
student dcrnuutl. llc Siliti that for
tire two weeks the rink wrrs opcn
students sccrncd “pic-used." He
cstinittrcd that 20-30 students llSL‘ti
it. He Sillti itc has received it niuttbcr
of calls fioitt students risking if the
rink would he clctttctl.

Alumni Ouad Mice Caught

By Poison And Traps

Extermination Successful

by Patricia lirtlllil‘)

ltr t‘cspttttsc to IllllllCI'UllS cont-
pltiiuts from AlumniQntitl residents
concerning mice. the \K’zttcrbury-
Aldctt cttl'ctcriu rcccivcd spccitil cs—
tcrutirtruion trcutrncrtr over vticn-
tiort according to Director of
Residences .ioitn Wclty.

“'l'lic Moore l’csl (‘otrrrol Fil‘lll
which services the University \vus
informed that \\'C but] tr mouse pro-
blcrtt ttird ntortscrrups rind poison
were set throughout the cafeteria.”
Welty suid.

llc tttldcd. "l’rior
students who wctc lturitig problems
with mice w‘cr‘c supplied with trrtps

to vticrttion

turd poison."

thrcrhrny Rcsitlcrtcc Director
Mtirtlrrr Fitch said. "there htivc
been no reported mouse problems
since vtrctrtion but it is too soon to
any the problem no longer exists."

Sltc added, “I ililVC checked with
the first floor southwest wing which
illIS been highly troubled with rtiicc
in tire pilSl turd lltcr'c rtic no colit—
[liilillls so fru,"

Rcsitlcucc Assistant for this wing
Dinnc i'iiluki‘s Sititi, “The week
before vticulion i caught four rtricc
itt five dtrys. llul since we've been
buck I‘ve lttrd no problcttis."

“’l‘herc’s only been one rcportcd
problem with mice since we've bcctr
brick." Welly said.

Two mice ltuvc been cringht on
the second floor of Alden litill since
vtrcrition. according to Van Scltoor.

llorli Fitch illiti Vttn Schoor sttitl
iltcy have ample
ruorisetrttps and poison if ttccded.

supplies of

by Mark i’ischclti

firmed this story.
Arnold sriid tltut pcrishriblcn.

sltlff.

requests for tire spoilage dale.

 

fOld Juice Never Dies;_ W
It May Just Taste Bad

On Tuesday night. i"t:i‘tttlill'y 2(1. SUNYA \opltottttit'c Altrri Frulkin
_ptrrchnsctl tilt orrtugc drink frortt n Ctrntpus (‘enler vcrtding machine.
The cxpir'tition drnc on tltc ctrrton was .lrururu'y 20.
lv‘rut kiti bought tltrcc ntrtrc cartons rind forind iltc srttne date on till
of them. He confronted Assistant Director ttf (‘nsli Stiles turd‘UAS
Vending Sirpcrvisor ’trul Arnold with the problem. I
According to Arnold, hc rind l-‘rutkin \vcnt buck to the machine.
opened it up turd checked tltc other ctutous. All were dated March
27, its wcrc CtllliillS in other tuttcliincs ltncr chcckctl. l"riitkin cou-

milk products SDL'lelL‘uii)’. ltuvc tr
SilUif life of l2 days and Cill'lllll\ in IllilCltillL‘\ urc clicckctl daily by

“llowcvcr.” ltc said, “orttngc drink untl iton-pcrislurblcs are good
indefinitely. They do ttot spoil rind are therefore not checked."

Normally. stritl Arnold. lhcsc 'ttrrons are not even tinted. Albany‘s
(.‘rowlcy Dairy. which sttpplics the ortingc driitk, bcgnn issuing pull-
tlntcs or expiration dates itt November. 197‘), as it rcsttlt ot‘consuiner

“The problem her '." said Arnold. “is that. regardless of whether

Stcicns said the rink. Ioctilcd
itcsitic the but. was started in hilt:
full ill tltc request of SA and Presi-
dent ()'l.cttry so it could be Used
for winter cru‘nbnl crcnls. “it was
not ti result of tltc brttinpuwcr of tire
l’ltitrt i)cpurtrtictrt." ltc said.

He cxplrriricd that rltcrc really
wasn't sufficient tirrrc to brrild tltc
rink hccrrusc they were ururblcro sod.
seed and level off the or “tr in tiritc
for tltc ctirniuil. “By the time we
Sltll'lL‘Li it. we couldn‘t t'csod it."

“if i ltud it to do oicr, i would
ltrrvc Sltll‘iL‘ii it before." lic snid.

iii ttdtlitiorr to lttck of construc-
tion time. Stevens Silid titr-
coopcttuivc wcrultci dcltiycd com—
pletion of the rink. “All this rain
and 50 degree weather." ltc said.
“is the strrurgcst \vcuthcr l'vc
\CUH.” ‘ , ,. I. .,

"it '\ hard to keep unytltingopcn.
()ur problcnts tire similar to other
municipal places such its Colonic.
lictlrcl."

Stcvcns Siliti thtrt if it is possible
to open the rink and if he Ctlll
recruit more volunteers. skirting will
resume.

Stevens sttid tltrrt cvcti with con-
struction turd wctriltcr problems. iltc
rink tlitl not cost anywhere pour the
$6000 cstintritc qtrorcd by tut SA
spokcsrnun itr ti ptist .-1SI’ issue.
“'l‘ltrrt's u lot of nonsense." ltc said.

He sold the only “out-of-pockct
crish" wtrs $450 used for ti bulldtwcr
contructot. “The majority of iltc
workers were volunteer. Only two
students were ptiid over it 2 turd it
half-week period." he said.

t'tllllillttt‘fl on [utut' INT/W

 

continued on pugefivt- I

as 1' a;.;£'._~.,.- .

 

