   

..-._... ..- . can...“ ~ w- "a." .

 

nun-In..-“

nui-uun-il-I i-----

hﬁfeiiﬁi‘t

September 30, 1980‘

tin-nap

 
  
 

Albany Student Press Fifteen ’_

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

t ' r _ ' ' . -- "J
. ‘*‘ r .- , . ’ ---i----'---------
} 7| P  W k d iii-II-n-u ..I: .m-m-Iunn—I W7 N G N  ‘
i ' I .
i  aren s cc on We“ etters 0 01‘ Booters Han On For A 2-1 W n
3 _ ,f. . . And Return With A S lit ‘ ' r
I t , Fall of the House of Usher If D r
l i i  by K9" ('3‘ ‘0' ’ _ an opportunity to get back into Inc by Michael Carmen like to see more of this. He plaYed t
I l .3 I .4 . . 3mm”, VINCENT pRICE The  bany State women s varst-.mtitch. It was an extremely tough The Albany men's soccer team, with the potential of an All- Cortland halved the lead as they ‘
L . :I a" a, I ND ty tennis team tourneycd l0 S},|mt‘lch‘|l Phimps 8am Laure" playing against the wind as well as . American." commented Schief- scored their only goal.
' Y 3 sum”, and Hardy Short ﬁlm Lawrence and Potsdam tlttsllssacs lost in fifth singles competi- 00"“de he'd 0” 3 We rally ‘0 Milk "From this POW 0" "‘9 Same
I. I weekend and wound up With a split tion. 7-5, 6-0. defeat lhl‘ Red Dragons at home. beam” half raiser. Albmo had ‘0

‘ Tickets on sale in Contact Office
  ($3.00each)

  

There will be an
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING

In the Fireside Louith (2nd floor CC)

 

 

 

 

f Breakfast Times: 9 : OOam- Patroon R00m WW,” ,mmgzﬂm
 ' ENTS
 I .   cafeteria REFREIstifﬂsﬂtudents Welcome
or 1     A" movie; are use Shown In CC Assembly Hall
’ h For more into call 482-8169 (2nd Floor)
‘ J “ a9 or watch Club News In the ASP w "mde
.i --
l J .

 

Fuerza Latina SI Phi Beta Sigma

 
 
  
  
  
  

Announce

The American that Cross Blood llrive

Signup in Campus Center Lobby on Mon., Tues.,
64’ Wed. from 10am 10 am e 4 pm. Donations
will be taken on Thursday 10/2/80 from 9 - 4.

Please give to a worthy cause.

 

 

 

 

 

Applications for U. A. S.

Board of Directors

available in the

  

“SA office

9:00 am - 4:00 pm

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
   

 

3|

Keying on SUNYA Campus,

 

 

 

 

AM, iPM 4PM PM

“M J 5pm 3a+rSUrL

Albany local ) N’)’: State and election News

.. Western matte wavefr-
 Woﬂ'iijé? 0@’ Mainlfveni

l

DC.

THE

i (BEEN at new

TUESDAY NIGHTS 8-? fit

Ti’liS WeaK we will loolt 8+ Iranian Students on campus

the“ bus situation", and a looK at John B- Anderson’s

Candidate», as well as our regular Capitol Bureau Feature
)

i [ll III III 

ll

lViOn — Fri

of their two matches. In tlte wind‘

defeat at the hands ofSt. Lawrence,
6~l. on Friday afternoon. The first
four singles matches got underway
at about 2:30 pm. After about a
Half an hour of play. the inclement
weather forced the event to rt single
outdoor court. which forced the en-
tire match to continttc for seven
hours.

The Danes lost all five singles
contests. The first one pitted
Albany's Nancy Light against St.
Lawrence's Michele Lrtndow. The
latter broke Light’s scrvc iii each or
the first two sets. while winning 6-3.
6—4.

"The circumstances which we
were playing under were very prior.
When tennis players lirive to wrtit
around iii anticipation of their nitit-
clics for several hours. their psyclics
rtrc crisin thrown off their course.
.ltt addition. the itidoor court's
lighting was just rtwfttl. While I'm
not tryittg to trike rinytliirig rtttrty
front St. Lawrence's \ictoty. I‘d
have to say that tlicsc friciou cori»
trihtrtcd to otir loss. Despite the
very tough competition (St.
Lawrence is 8-0). i think that our
team performed rulniirribly.“ sriid
Light. V

The second singles niritch srrn
Crtri Solomon lose to her opponent.
6~2, 6-0. The number three itiritcli
saw Albany captain Sue llrtr'd go
down to defeat. 6-0. 6-1. Albany's
Joan Phillips lost in fourtlt singles
competition by a score of 7-5. 6-4.
Phillips was leading 5-2 in the first

strong to gain the victory. “My
serve went sour toward the end of
the first set. This gave my opponent

 
 
 

and rain. the Danes suffered a1

They plriycd too close to the rtct.
This mrtdc it very crisy lor lllL' to lob
set. But her opponent came on it lot of shots over their licrids. My

The first doubles team of Porn
Diicltiri rind Elise Solomort lost rt
tough match iii three sets. 6-7. 6-3.
and 2-6. However. the Drtncs‘ sc-
cond doubles team of Sandy Bor-
relle and Nancy Levine were vic-
toriorts.. defeating their opponents
by ri score of 8~6. in an eight-grime
pro set.

The team then moved oti to
Potsdam for it Sattirdrty afternoon
mulch and were greeted by
SIS—degree weather. It was an irri-
pressivc victory for the Drincs us
they niturlcd l’otstlritii in rill scvcrt
nitttclicy.

light won the first singles iiiritch.
(i—(). 6-”, illlillll’tl lit-r “somewhat in»
experienced opponent." rtccortlirig
to l iglit. Second singles sriu
Solomon lttsc (i-tl, 6-1. in third
singles competition, Ducliiri
tlcfcritcd ltci opponent. (i-Z. (v.2.
“The cold wcrttltcr niridc inc “otk
harder. I \ttiritcd to end the niritch
quickly." |)iic|itn Hilitl.

In the fourth singlcy contest. llot-
rcllc soundly bcrit lrcr opponcnt (i-I.
M. In filth \lllg'lcy. l.L'\lllL‘
dcstroyctl lit-i l’otsdutn loc lty ti-l.
fi—

Tltc llrint-y rilyo wcpt the two
tittllltlt‘\ iiiritclicx. llriid :tntl l‘liillips
\\‘t)ll, (i-l. 0-2 in lirst double corn»
pclitioii. Solomon rind lwrcs won
the second doublcs llttllL‘lt lot
Albany. punishing l’otsdrim (i-l.
6-”.

“()ur opponents were tough. but
they seemed to lrtck cxpcricncc.

drop shot was rilso pretty good dur-
ing the niritcli." lssacs sriid.

 

("o/trinier on page I)

 

 

While careers in public servic

Law or Criminal Law. You thl do

mentlegislation rindregulntion:
rts: Environmental Law, l'bOtl Dr
Justice. Equal Opportunity. Wt:
Safely Lrtw.

Master of Arts in Legal Studios;

Lrtw for all courso work COmlill‘
We are the nrttton's hrst rinrlt

for rt meaningful crtroor. r;oiilrir;t

   

Training A

l0putoltulliy l'rlltll

through Antioch School of Law

 

 

 

 

 
     

You Can Still Make
A Difference '

as they were a decade ago. such careers can be very
rewarding and personally sritislying‘

Afterjust three months 0tIntensivelrriininu rit The Institute
forParalegalTraining.youwrllltepreprtredtowork Ill govern-
meritagencies.publicservrceorganizationsrindIrtwhrmsn5
rt Legal Assistant in tho holds of Atilllllllbllr’lllvl.‘ rind Public

by attorneys. You Will work in the. dynrimtt: hold of (JOVf'lll'

Furthermore, you Will ortr‘rt {irrirlurito (th'till lowrirds rt

pnrttlegril trztinintt. rind srnrzo tit/(t, hrivo tiriinud more
4,000 college qrudur‘ttos horn ricroire. tho country
If yort rim rt Sf:lll0f of liltlli t’lt;.'ltlt5llllti Eilillltlllig rind looking

trilorvtew With our reprtirrontrrttvu
We will visit your campus on: Monday, October 20

The {t l | t
- ‘ J’Jifi South I'll t S too I
InsutUte ﬂ  Pltilritlolphirt. Pennsylvania 19103
P I o: I ‘ (215)) IMP-(soot)
era 0 3

Approved by The American Bar Association V
Programs Earn Full Credit Toward MA. in Legal Studies

r3 may not l)(.' ris fashionable

work It :itliliorrrillyttotlonnorl
ittd llt‘. involvod ittsriclt tittirie,

uti rind l ltiriltlt l_riw. (it tnttnrtl
|lrttt:, l:llt'lil‘/. rind Product

through Antioch School ol
lt:ti :il 'llui lllbilillllt

norrl llff.l)(!(.l(.‘(l school for
llirin

your l 'lrit;ornt'nl Olhcotor on

m.” ltil.)

 

 

“For the first ten minutes of the
game we played like rt professional
team." explained coach Bill Schicf—
felin. At 0:15 of the first half. the
Danes started scoring. Leslie Severe
received a pass from Gerry lsaacs
and fired a left-footed shot itito the
right hand corner of the net. The
Cortland gorilie dove for the ball.
btit it was all in vain. Albany was
illlCrKl. H).

“The wind gave us rt tremendous
ilthilllltlgL‘r We ltrid opportunities to
score tlitcc more gorils iii the first
ltrilf rind break the game wide
open." stritcd thc cortch. Albany.
tit‘xpllt‘ totrilly dominating the first
lirill’. entered the locker room tip by
one lone gortl.

Alberto Liioidrino, playing iti
goril. “us not riblc to grim ltl\ loiittlt
\lllllttlll. but he did plriy rinolhcr
t'liitcli grintc. He played pcrlcctly' in
tltc opcning lirtlf rind rilloucd only
onc goril in tlic finrtl llrlll. rit’tct bc-
ing [C'ylt‘tl ri li.il! tlo/cn lilltc~

lltc cor'tcyt rilso “in the
cmctgcncc »' Al‘iim Ne/rti. the
lL‘illll's. '
rcritn lcrrdct. “Al‘riin didn‘t \Ctllt‘,
btit \h‘ \d\\ excellent passing. tcrittt
plrty. tlltti it'lltlc‘l\lllp tibilily. Ityoriltl

crrt my scorer. r’l\ ri pit-irril

In the second half. Albany was
against the wind. Schieffelin. in
turn. switched to a stronger. more
muscular team.

Eddie Monsalee. who did a com-
mendable job in the first half. was
removed for a stronger David
Tetiacea. Rick Smith was also plac-
ed in the game at center halfback to
utilize his height and strength while
the Danes faced the wind.

At 30:00 mark ofthe second half.
the Danes struck again. Gerry
lsttrtcs at right halfback beat three
Cortland defenders and knocked
the brill into the left hrind corner of
the net for his first season gortl.

“It \\£l\ rrri outstanding gortl — it
\\tl\ not cliertp. The score w m rt very
good psychological boost. Gerry
played his finest grime of the year."
sriid Scliicfl‘clirt.

After going on top 2-0. Albrtny
rtttcrirptctl to play rt tttorc L'rtlth‘l"
yriti\c. brill lirindling grintc. l'ltc
brill. though. \\il\ consistently in tlic
liotitc IL‘illll'\ third ol’ the field. tl\
(‘ottlrintl continiirilly put lllcxslllt‘
on tiioidrtno and scored \\llll fif-
tccti minutes rcniriining iii the grime.
btrt tlic goril was disallowed due to
an ol‘lsidc pcnrtlty.

come up with four outstanding
saves at the end. But most impor-
tantly at the end of the game we
were ahead," stated Schieffelin.

The win raised Albany's con-
ference record to 2-1. Their next
contest is at Bleeker Stadium, under
the lights. tomorrow .night versus
Hartwick. “It will be an excellent
soccer game. We're very conﬁdent.
and if we could play a good game
we can win." added Schieffelin

Hartwick is a Division I soccer
squad and will be a very difﬁcult
opponent. but Cortland was ranked
number one in Division III in the
prc—scason, and the Danes were able
to hand them .1 defeat. Scliicffelii
feels that if Albany crtn be vi
torioiis Wednesday night. it wo .Id
definitely ctilirtnce tltcir chance tor
an NCAA ptty’t-thhttll totirnrtrncni
hid.

Albrtriy ytill hrts grinics coming up
rigriinst Union College. llinglirimron
riiitl lliockport. "We can effect our
U\\ll destiny ritid rirc reridy to plriy
tltllslillldlllg soccer. \\'e hrttc tlic
potcntiril to bc rt tr’cnicndotis scor-
ing niricltinc.” concluded Schich
fcliti.

Errors Blemish A Batmen Sweep

by James Murkotsis

"It was ri crri/y grtme.‘ \tlltl
Albriny riglitl'icldcr l'orti Verde
about the first grirnc of Sriliirdriy'y
dotiblclicrttlct \iitli l’otsdrtm. The
three hour rind l5 rninulc scycn-
inning game \\;l\ eventually won by
Albrtny |»1-l.'l.

This college bascbrtll grime look-
cd morc like little league its the two
tcrtms committed 24 errors. I] by
Albrtny. ~Thc pitchers of both
tcrims. riot wrtnting to be outdone
by their t'icldcis. yielded Ill \vrilks.
There were rtlso l5 slolcri lttl\L‘\ bet-

ween the two clubs.

The Dunes opened the scoring
With two ttttts by more of rtri thl
ll‘iplc by Mrttt Antrilck. followed by
llob Atcrtrio's tlotiblc. 'llic second
inning wrts rt forcshrtdoyt til \tlirtt
was to conic. tis Albtiriy committed
their first two errors of tire grirnc.
giving l’t)l\dttlll riri ttticritned run.
The ltcrirs lirid their first two
llll\il:l[tH ll\ tlicir ccntctlicltlcr drop-
pctl ri routine tly brill and their crit-
clicr otcrllitcu tliit'd ilthc iii rtti rit-
tcnipt to gun down rtti Albrtny lttlw
\lt‘tllcl The result of tlirit l'rrtnie uris
two morc l):inc runs. mrtking the
score 4-l rrl'tcr two innings.

The top of the third inning
lcriturcd fielding incptitudc rtt its
best. It yccrttcd asif ri Drttic ovcr-
threw the ball on ertcli plriy 1h
Alhttny committed sctcti errors.
l’olstlrtrri got \L‘\’t.‘ll runs on only
three hits. rill singles.

Dritic \ltlflilll.’ pitcher Keri (‘rinip
bcll Win the main victim of
/\llttlll)"\ fielding. llc rillotycd only
two singles iii 2-2/3 iltlliltgs. rind
was charged with the first eight
llcztr runs. Albriny's glotcs licld tip
for reliever Jttck Tierney tittlil the
fifth inning. when the Danes made
two more errors rind privcd the way
for three more runs,

In the bottorii of the fifth,
Albriny scored four times on three
singles when l’otydrini “cut through
their brtscbttll comedy routine. Ctllll<
rriittirig fi\ e errors.

It looked like ctcrytliirtg “us
under control tiritil there were two
only in the top of the seventh, when
no Albany crror started yet rinothcr
l’otytlrim rrilly'. l)rtnc ricc Mike
I€sposito crime iii to pitclt rind got
the ltlsl out to end the rally. but on-
ly after two more l’otstlttni runs
crime in,

Things looked brid for Allttiriy (ls

 

 

/0 % Dr's can't

 

EXPERIENCE

H.752 WESTERN AVE,
t“) -95 35

Great Chinese Furl--
57xiitieies From. Can/ms

Our Spec/ally

“E i‘ﬂllll'l‘iftlll

Slechuen. Hunan. and Cantonese.
Polynes/en Drink Avril/able
wilt. citadeni Liz and
We hit:  min. In
JUST 1 MILE WEST OF STUWESANT PLAZA

attire . -

 

 

Ilicy crime to but for the lrhl time.
trrttling lit-ti. A single and two
wrilks loridcd Ilic briscs. bringing up
llob ’l‘ortorcllo, He walked. forcing
in it run. \crdc followed with a
grririd \lrllll liomc rtrn over the
ccntcr‘fieltl l'encc. tying the score.
till. the l)£lllt‘\ won when Ar-
.cririo snirislicd ri drive to the center-
ficld fcncc. scoring Antalck who
had pievioitsly doubled, The Dunes
grnc tip IJ uncrirned runs and still
riiztnrigcd to trike the grime. \\itli
lispoyito getting the win.

Albrirty couch Rick Skccl corti-
-nieridcd his team for “being smart
tip rit brit. t,‘\i:lt “ltL‘n we were down
13-8 with three outs left." Skcel
lillstl romplirnentcd his team for riot
giving tip.

The \ccond game of the
'doublclie...lcr \yris lirtltcd after 5-! 2
innings duc to darkness, This did
not stop the two tcrtms front scoring
27 times. though. The two mtijor
dir'fcicnccy front the first griritc were
that Alhrtriy won convincingly.
lit-9. rind that the runs were scored
by hits. not errors.

.lirii Vriugliti pitclictl the entire
grime for Albany and was credited
with the win. But pitching Wily not
the ncwsniriker of this
doubleheader, l-litting was the
nttnic of the grime fot‘ Albany rts
they pounded ottt l8 hits rind scored
l8 runs iii five innings. Arcrrrio col-
lected three hits and three Rllls iii
the grime, giving liitit five hits on the
tiny. Aittrilek also had five hits oti
the tiny tllltl scored four times.

Tortorcllo ltrid it fine second
game. which included a home rtiii
and a two-run single. Verde hit his
second liottier of the day. it two-run
blast iii the second grime. Rich Car-
dillo rind Francis Rivcrri each had
three hits in the twlnbill for Albany.

October is
Facial Hair
Month

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

