 

 
 

  

Page? ' ___ , As

T he opening weekend crowd at Boston's

Small Circle of Friends, though i doubt that
the film-makers intended it to be quite as
humorous as it is. The filmI shot mainly on
location In Boston. is the‘story of three friends
growing up at Harvard In the late sixties.
zThough i suspect it will enjoy a brief but-pro-
fitable play-off with the college crowd, the
movie really isn't all that good. The odd thing
Is. it really isn't all that bad either. .

Jim Dixon

A Small Circle of Friends marks Brad Davis'
return to the big screen in his first film since his
runaway hit Midnight Express A5 Leo DaVirtci
thzo. he's a high-energy Journalist major,

 

the embodiment of the collegiate anti—hero
who's been a staple on the screen ever since
someone decided that students were good
movie subjects. Davis does quite a bit wltlt a
character slightly less developed than Hamlet.

4—

 

Pi Alley Theater seemed to enjoy A'

/

In fact he seems to take' the role almost too
seriously. Nonetheless, Davls' talent is in-
escapable. and'he does a good job.

The point of A Small Circle of Friends, ap-
parently. is to be a Jules and Jim story of two
men in love with one woman. The other man
is a good-looking pre~med WASP played by
Jameson Parker. a total loll for Leo. Naturally,
in Hollywood tradition, they have to be best
friends. Which they are. The girl is played by
Karen Allen, who here has her first role of any
substance. (She plays girlfriends frequently——
most notably in Animal House and Cruising.)
in A Small Circle of Friends she plays a
woman who has brains and who changes. it's
about time.

The acting is good all around.\baslcally.
almost too good for Ezra Sack's entertaining
but calculated script. The script, which gives
the movie a great deal of its allabllity also gives
it tnost of its problems. Sacks opens the story
in present day Boston, where l’arker. now a
practicing psychiatrist is riding a ten-speed bike

 

Sound 'and your. . »

' "Jameson Parker and Brad Davis disrupt the sacred halls of lvy in A Small Cir-
cle of Friends. .

 

 

 

l have. as a rule. lllltllt’tl confidence at

best iit screen biographies of famous
entertainers. These films land to show
something less than the truth. the whole truth.
and nothing but the truth about HIV” famous

Jim Dixon

subjects. Tlte paying itii)\’iU got'r' can expect
entertaining fiction about it colorful pcrwnaliiy
who bears sonic rcsvtnblanr l' to a wall known
entertainer. As sur ll. (.‘oril Illilit‘l".\ Bought”.
llit’ story of country wcstt'rir song-dross Lou-i
to Lynn. could haw joined llit' ranks of 'l'lrt'
Buddy Holly Story. Funny (Jul and Yankee
Doodle Dandy as a totally fictitious btit ftin
movie.

(,‘oul Miner's [laughter is. unfortunately. a
bland. predictable iiil(l generally boring lilrn.

Direi tor Michael Aptctl. \Vliil_lt'l‘il put my to
sleep with Agatha. has once again shown that
as rl film-maker lit‘ has lltt' imagination of a
dung-beetle. Admittedly. the script. which Is
liiiwd - on Loretta Lynn's autobiography
doesn't give him much to work With. But this
doesn't excuse his apparent inability to corn-
pose an original shot. He holds for spaces of
time that make yott cringe and pray for corri-
rnercials. His editing betrays his television
roots at every opportunity To call the direc
tion in this film prosaic would be to deliver it a
compliment it hasn't earned and in fact would
insult a great number of genuiner prosaic
movies.
There are some virtues in Cool Miner's
Daughter. Both of them are Sissy Spacek and
Tommy Lee Jones, wlto star asILoretta Lynn
and her pushy ltusbandlrrmnager, Mooney.
Spacek _Wltrr has gotten a great deal of critical

 

 

 

 

 

notice before for her pi'rfor'tttrutces in
lindluntlir and Currie. actually manach to
shine as l.ttit’llr‘l Lyttn. singing as well as ac
ting. Tommy Lee Jones. a master of luck the-
script acting runs away with ports of the
movie. (Joni-s. sad to say. has yet to rcct'ivv a
good project. fits best role was probably that
of a disturbed Victinan vet iii John Flynn's all
btit forgotten Rolling Thunder.) These two
work well together. and it's evident that Sissy
Sprrcck simply doesn't know how to be bad. In
addition to carrying off a poor script Willi stylt'.
_‘wllt‘ also sings a number of songs. sounding
ruinarluibly like the real Loretta Lynn.

The one problem Spacek has is that no one
In going to believe her as a tltirteen-year-old
girl iii the opening of the movie. This hampers
a script that is already burdr'nud by too mrrclt
Weight on the humble beginnings part rlll(l riot
enough on thc latcr segments of Loretta
Lynn's (Tiiitlt‘l'.

ll Jones has a problem. it's llliil his part is
dthlllgtttili‘r. Mooney is not a wcl|~drrrwn role. I
gathered We were supposed to llkt‘ hint. Yet it
is Mooney who pushes Loretta into show
business against litfi‘ will, and their cheats on
her whenever she finds stardom takes tip too
mtrclt of her time to chase alter him twenty-
four hours a day, All too often liU scents to be
a tliickhuadctl chauvlnist who's all too willing
to let his wife have a career bttt he'll rot in hell
before he does the dishes.

Beverly D'Angulo as the late Patsy Cline
turns in a good performance In a skimpy role.
As a side—note here i would poiitt out that
there are reports that Loretta Lynn ls'dlspleas-
ed with the film's treatment of Patsy Cline.
who is‘ portrayed as a beer drinker.

Coal Miner’s Uaughierds, among other things,

Width ' "f a Gil-cl.   .

around the Back Bay In the true upper-class.
aver-thirty Boston tradition. He sees Karen
Allen, now a very chic business woman getting
into a cab. which he tries to follow up Beacon
Hill. (it is fundamentally impossible to follow,a
Bostlon cabbie up Beacon Hill on a bicycle.)
He catches up with her (by flying over the
hood of the car) and the bulk of the story is

given to us in flashbacks as the two walk

around the Public Garden.

Yet what the script lacks In credibility. it
makes up for in energy. The scenes are short
and fast. Director Rob Cohen. only thirty
years old. and a 1971‘ Harvard grad himself.
accentuates this with direction I cart only call
last, and a musical score by Jim Steinman
which Is loud. bouncy' arid believe it or not.
romantic. It's hard to find a boring moment in
A Small Circle of Friends. it's also hard to rest
on any given moment. Cohen keeps the film
moving so much it's a little hard to get involv-
ed in it the way we're used to getting involved
with love stories.

The breaks in believabtlity. such as a quietly
handled manage a trots between Davis. Allen
and Parker is riot easy to swallow, The sudden
appearance of violent radicals titto the plot
provide an easy way to get rid of Davis but the
events leading tip to whole mess are rtoi well-
foreshadowed. though once the scene firtally
arrives the climax is telegraphed broadly. John
Friedrich. as Haddox. turns in a stunning sup-
porting performance as an Eagle Scotti
freshman who turns into a violent revolti-
tionary. it's a pity that this segment of the filrit
wasn't given more attention.

Another problem, is that for a film that's
supposed to be dealing with people during a
certain period. Cohen allows it somewhat lax
in putting together an accurate Bicture. There
are aqu visual anachronisms iii the lilrn. such
as a romantic moment between Davis and
Allen atop the John Hancock Tower, a green
glass monolith that wasit't built until Llflt'i’
1008, when the scene takes place. Other
Boston locations. such as the Orson Welles
Cinema. a favorite hang-out of Harvard
students also are shown in the liliti arid
shouldn't have been.

And finally. there is the problem of scenes
that get laughs that shouldn't. such as a tryst
between Allen and Parker under a parachute
canopy to Johnny Mathis' "Chances Are."

It“, story of a girl ‘who makes good
and then has a nervous breakdown, It's the
old "Too Much Too Soon" principle. In other
Words. if you haven't seen The Rose. or
wanted to brit didn't like rock. you cart see this
one and catch llit‘ same rreryous-breakdown-
on-strtgt' scone. .
i stand on record as saying i have never.
cvcr believed the norvous-bruakdownor-
deatlronhie-stage scent.- I didn't believe it in
Thu Grunt Caruso l didii'i believe It In The
Rose. And I don't belicw it iii Coal Miner's
Daughter. lit'fort' .‘rnyoirc points otit Loretta
Lynn's real life nervous breakdown. let me
point out that Robcrt Altman's Nashville ltad a
caricature of Loretta Lynn and her nervous
breakdown was much better done‘. I doubt

  

 

 

 

   

 

it"

 

if. if: ' ‘
Karen Allen ls impresslve In a new
campus romp.

 

The final three-way between Davis. Allen attd

‘ Parker also received more laughs than it

'sliould have

Nonetheless. the movie is fun. It's difficult to
dislike t‘UL’ii if it‘s equally difficult to take
seriously. it's about people. albeit Hollywood
people as opposed to real ones. and rather
nice people at that. The movie runs along. if
almost too quickly, and for all lhl! problems
that it creates. it keeps you caught tip and iii
terested. The photography is excellent. and
lliL’ myriad Boston and Cambridge locations
are gorgeous.

I couldn't go as far as to actually endorse A i
Small Circle of Friends. But I also cannot lit
good conscience really part a movie l have to
admit i enjoyed. Rob Cohen is a director to
watch. even if Ezra Sacks is a writer who
should hang it tip. Bad as it is. A Small Circle
0/ Friends is a fun, humorous. and disarmineg
old-fashioned love story. All iii all. it's one to
Check ottt. O

Loretta’s Latest Lame

that Loretta Lynn was happy about that (tilt!
either.

Hampvrcd as it is by Tom Riclttttau's
mediocre and thoroughly predictable
screenplay. Michael Apted's inept (lli’t'L‘llt.ti.
and lousy performances froitt everyone iii the
lllttr besides Spat‘ek. Jones. arid D'Angclo.
(Levon l‘lL‘liti as Loretta's father is especially
terrible). Cool Miner's Daughter is more than a
little shy of redeeming virtues. The
photography is bland. The compositions pure
television, This liliii is just another one of a
weak arid very commercial gifltl‘u of celebrity
biographies. it belongs on TV and l'itt sure it'll
(and up there soon. No better and no worsr.I
than John Carpenter's lfluis. it's just not good
enough for the big screen! i

1‘. Ar'

 
 

  
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
    
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
    
  
  

    

  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  

P'lll'hfiﬂl

Coo a Data tor. -,

 

 

 

 

vD:14hvvr|ll«lddl'tilltAJIAAI-4

 

Aspects ‘ '

 

Sound and Vision ‘

 

 

 

Page -9a .

 

 

cgrpuientﬁomedy

6] 'Il lay‘all my cards on the table at the
start — l'm six-two and l weigh roughlt
146. We never had a weight problem and i
don't know if I ever will. however. i knowa lot
at people who are overweight and who sulfur
with either the extra pounds or the endless
diets to get rid of them. There's a lot of paiti in‘
volved in being OVerw2ight. but you'd never
know from Fatso. a disappointing) disturbing.
and bad movie about the plight of being fat.

Mark Rossier

 

Fulso is Anne Bancroft's first attempt at both
writing and directing so a little unevenness is to
be expected; but most of the movie isn't
uneven. it's uncertain. Bancroft doesn‘t seem
to have any idea what she wants to do in Falso
and consequently ends up exploiting the very
people she seeks to defend. l have the feeling
that this was meant to be a sympathetic por-
trait of people who suffer because they don't fit
into the conventional notions of attractiveness.
but that's puru conjecture since there is hardly
any evidence of such a noble theme on the
screen. Bancroft's uncertainty not only ruins
the ntovic thematically but it keeps the nu
dlence in a state of limbo. Much of the movie
isn't very fun . but it's not very moving
dramatically either. It unreels before us. it
ends. we leave. and the audience. very ob-
viously the night i saw it, had no idea how to
react. The first scene after the credits is a
funeral with a dozen or so hysterical people.
Someone should have informed Miss Bancroft
that this is not a very clever way to begin a
movie, We have no idea who these people are
or who has died. We don't even know their
names so we can muster only a small degree
of sympathy which quickly turns to irritation as
the scum goes on for an exmssivcly loitg
period of time. The ltysterics (which are

. .

windoinLEatn . 1 .
Sex and S nsle

(o

a limbcth Ashley is one of thirst! pi'r'
‘foirnurs wlto. more often than not. is
vastly superior to her material. When she's in
something good she cart Ctiliit’ through and lil‘

Mark Rossier

absolutely brilliant. but when
something bad. she's almost bcttcr. Ashley is
no fun] she. knows y hon she's in a pim,‘ of
shit, btit instead of valiantly struggling to bring
it to a somewhat higher level (like 'I'uesday
Weld has somehow been masterfully doing for
years). she has ltirt with it. She'll start camping
1! up mt'rcilcssly and instead of looking tnnbai'

rassed. she comes across as if she's having a
grand old time. There may be some dispute as
to whether or not a performer should give up
on a project rather than work to make it tlt‘-
cant, btit iii Ashley's case the argument is
almost irrelevant because by giving up on it
slit» riot-s make it better. Such is the case with
Windows. an incrniserptentinl littlt! nothing
that wouldn't even be wnrtlt Itieittioning if it
weren't for Ashley.

 

she's iii

'l'lrv psi-tidirscrious mock sophistication of
ilttI llllt' (one word titles either sound great or
Incredibly pretentious and Windows, as both a
lllli.’ and .r filttt. is only grating) should stand its
sortie kind of clue as to what awaits the air-
tlivtict- lt opt-its with that eternal llllli‘ wltinip
"l'illlrl Sliiiv gutting Iirolcstcd in her apartnwnl
while her rittricki'r' tapes lllt‘ whole thing; not it
promising start. btit things get Worse. Our only
their second itit‘t!lliig she falls lit love wlilt the
“WV tlt'lt'cllvu (Robert Cortese) who's her-n
in love with but since their first meeting (kinda
"'85 at the heart strings just hearing about it.
bulb”). 'l'lrc rontintrti! of ti sap and a tvltiinp
hardly makes for compelling viewing especial»
ly When there's absolutely no chemistry but
went lllt‘lii. We can't be too hard mt Cul'ltl‘it’
lllillliili; it's. hard to have chemistry with Shire
who for some reason always has a repressed
-VlrtillMl quality that‘s unattractive in sixti't'n
year olds and downright ridiculous lit the tth-i'
Iltlrty-lIVe set. Anyway. it turner out that Ashley
hired the thug to attack Shire so that she could
£5th to the tape and get horny (I told you

   

lrightfully overacted) walk the thin line bet-
ween pathos attd humor witltout ever crossing
either: it becomes emblematic of most of the
film.

Bancrofi's direction is consistantly sloppy
and amateurish. The movie has the produc-
tion values of a cheap syndicated game show:

A tearful Dom DeLuise stars in False, a new comedy directed by Anne Ban- mar“, any (“Newman Th“ hum mamas lhe

croft.

it has a tacky. made~tit-tltu»garagi' quality
about it that. at least partially, has to be blain»
ad on cinunratographur Brianne Murphy's
pltotogtriphy As It director Bancroft shows no
flair for comedic or dramatic pacing. lliL'
movie just lintps rtloirg front incident to inci-

tlttng only got \l’t)ISt'l l:t‘\'lli|g iltiLthifttt‘litlilt‘
iii the old neighborhood the wlrirnp moves to
rt posh building with a htth picture window
that she iiL'Vt'I' icint'mbi'rs to put tlmpt‘s on
(tirttil lllt' itiiit'liltrst'ilﬁlllVL’ sap tells lti'i too. but
thcu she forgets to clust‘ them) Well. coin-
citlt'itt:c of coiinitlcnrt's. Ashley just happuns
to got lucky enough to frird an apartment with
Illl i’tptally big picture window that looks
diii'cilv ittitr Slnie's She buys rr telescope.
begins spying and. well. all sorts of absurd
things happen on llll‘ way to it happy ending
lit Wllltli the sap and tho wliinip walk off arur
iii arm into lliL' sututw (they can‘t even get that
right).

After the Cruisntg coiitrovvrsy everyone
stays conspicuously clear of elaborating on the
sexual preference of Ashley's character. We're
iit’Vt'i’ told if she is a practicing lesbian, or
just has the bots for Shirt: (they never explain
why she'd do that) (iay and lesbian groups
have rightly pron-stud the depiction of
Aslrli'v's character as both violent and crazy
The portrait is both angering anc disturbing
(however. Since lltt‘ scope is limited to one in»
dividual it's riot quite as bothersome as (.‘ruis-
irig's mass condutiiitation). btri not as
dangerous as it might haw been had Ashley
not been so lttnny in the jiift‘l. l.t'l mu digress
just long enough to say that no matter how
prohlt'rtirrtit' these films may by. I .tgr't-iI with
my colleague Mi. Dixon that neither should be
'bnnnud‘ or censored because tiiit‘t‘ you start,
things get ottt of hand awfully i'rrsily. Ashley is
not quite as cowardly as lllt‘ other people iii-
volvud in lliL’ filrti and she iiiilltt'li lllt‘
character's homosexuality obvious with her
very first llitt’ when she says (from outside it
door) "lintily, it's" and their. lll livr 'lalltilrrli
llanlthi'nd ish voice, lrilrrriotilsy groans
"Al ll ll lntlri'a." It may not sound it oit paper.
but this pnrfornrnncu la n comic lllltSlvtiiplL‘C‘t!
rlllil llll' groans .rrt- only llit' beginning. lherv s
it {{lt‘rll bit \Nllllll llit‘ itiillt"vlt'l comes back to
llrllllll pot tl Triliti and puts his arm through the
door (which has it t'llilllt lock on ill‘. Aﬁlllt'y-
lﬂﬂlt'l' than .r iipt'i’tllilil Mottnty. struts using lltL‘
. a blocking tiled .iiril tit'rnly breaks thr-
l'ry llii‘ t’lltl of llll' movtc filli' had

door at

 

   

dent with no real purpose or destination. All" tasteless, not just in its "humor" but in the way
'this cannot. however. be blamed on Bancroft’s it condemns societal stereotypes about the
failure as a director— some of it must also be overweigth while using those same
blamed on her failure as a writer. The only real stereotypes to get laughs. The man who dies
laughs fall Into two categories; there is the low In the opening does so because he's too fat—
class bathroom humor and thecheap shot. a valid. serious point that deserves to be
Bathroom humor isn't always offensive (look made. Yet. instead of following it up. Bancroft
 WW». V shows a huge casket being carried on a trailer
‘ to the cemetery where It turns out to be too big
to fit into the ggave. This is part of Bancroft‘s
problem— she would rather provoke laughs
than thoughts which is fine except that it only
serves to make fun of an already much
maligned group, There's nothing wrong with
cheap shots either. but they‘re not supposed
to be used on people you respect. Bancroft
settles for cheap shots rather than valid drama
which is a pity because with Dom Deluise in
the lead she could have done so much more.
Delutse's comedic talents need not be
reiterated here; he's a very funny man. but he
is also capable of bringing all the poignancy
and pain of the overweight person's pllgltt to
the forefront. Bancroft seems only vaguely
aware of this because she has Deluise do tnost
of his scenes looking like one of those big
teary-eyed dog pictures, but until the end she
really doesn't give hint any way to express the
feelings of rage and frustration. She'd ntuclt
rather have ltiin play the fat buffoon who'll eat
anything iii sight. The love story site includes
to show how “fat people are really just like
everyone else only bigger" is as condescen-
- r ‘. ding as it Is Iiiitlillllti. But perhaps the biggest
‘ problem with Fritso is that it ultimately doesn't
woman ltL‘ loves. decides not to losu arty
weight. atid livt's happily ever after with seem~
irieg no problems at all. Bancroft therefore
decides not to make an relevant points. not to
deal wiilt arty serious issues. and not to even
attempt intelligent comedy. i can't help
wisltirtg'shc decided trot to make a movie.

'rls

at Michael l’alin's Juliheriuocky) but it takes a
lot Inuit! skill mid itttaginalion titan Bancroft
has to carry it off. She makes l-‘niso an excre-
ment and rectal examination comedy that
manages to be i:rtidi.- (‘ll‘l tasteless without
ever being funny. In fact most of the movie is

 

most of tlw rather small audience on tlic floor
when she began dctiioirstrr‘itttrg to Shire ltow
she should orgasm liut pcili-rps her fittest
moment Ct)”th sonwwlrcic in the middle dur-
ing a visit to her psychotic killcr trrttil slit- knifcs
him). Slit: comes out ol the bathroom where
she's been throwing up only to have tliu shrink
risk hur why she got drunk Shir it-spnitds with
lllt’ profound “Because it hurts" and snort
after recites the following

It was Witilt‘l‘ when lovc died

The fire we shared worn out

Unwanted.

Unuceded.

Untuttded.

Realizing what a crock this all is she runs
back into the john and starts pttking agatit.
Ashley's humor may not make the negative
lesbian image arty better. but she had
everyone laughing so rttticlt that there really
isn't time to consider the sociological implica-

 

 

 

tions. The ﬂthlli'iit't' sees liL't‘ as more crazy
than gay. this isn't meant as a defense. but
things could have been woi‘se.

As Windows got more and more sordid
(there's a cat that becomes art ice cube -
literally) I kept wondering wlty Ashley agreed
to tlrr it. Mityl)t' she's friends with Director-
Citiematograpltt-r Gordon Willis. whose
photography is wonderful. except for llit‘ fact
that he doesn't seem to realize he shoots
everyone in siloulictted profile. Maybe she's a
fan of linnlo Morricone wlto'sc beautiful music
is the only other good thing around. Maybe
she just needed an acting exercise. altltouglt
this is more like a dental workottt with all the
scenery she chews up and spits out. Maybe
she just wanted the money. Whatever the
reason, she almost makes it worthwhile. but:
only almost. Windows is a dirty—minded.
repugnant little movie that's a waste of time,
and. unfortunately. Elizabeth Ashley. I

 

    
 

 

   
    
    
 
     
   
   
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
   
     
 
  
   
 
      
  
      
    
  
      
     
  
   
     
       
   
   
     
 

-_ :w.......-.”_‘__.... V.

  
 
   

   
     
   
   
      
 
   
    
 
   
     
   
       
   
          
      
     
   
   
   
     
   
      
   
  
  

  
  
   
 
 
 
    
   
  

    
  
 

  

