 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

' 7  Capsules r

Anti-Klanners Lack Support

GREENSBORO. NC. (AP) The 4,500 anti-Ku Klux Klan
demonstrators who marched through this North Carolina‘
city won little notice from‘its 180.000 residents. it was the
third such rally'in as many months. and it was peaceful. Ci-
ty officials. who drew criticism after the deaths of five mar-
chers at a similar “Death to the Klan" rally last November.
lifted a state oflemergency after tlte march Saturday. “i‘m
very proud of tlte way our own law enforcement agettcies
and those who cooperated witlt them carried it off." said.
Mayor Jim Melvin. “We’re not here to hart‘hss. we're here
-to protect and’facilitate." There was no vi'olcttce durittg tlte
four-mile march and rally. Only two arrests were reported.
“i feel cxhilarated." said one of the rrtarclt organizers, the
Rev. Lucius Walker. after the demonstration. Tltis is rnuclt
bette’r tltart we expected." The turrtout was smaller thart tlte
5.000 Walker predicted. He said he believed tlte cold
weather. pltts tltc declaration ofa state of emergcttcy kept
people home. but for most of Greensboro. life went on as
usual. The tttarclt received little community support. except
frortt students at A artd T State Uttiversity. a predominantly
black scltool. The march and rally was called by a coalition
of civil rigltts g. oups uttd activists after the shooting deatlts
of five Communist demonstrators Nov. 3. Fourteen tttcn'
face cltargcs itt connection with the deaths. I

l

Carter Ouiet 0n Female Draft.

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter said Sunday he has
made up his tnittd on whether to ask Congress for tire
authority to reqttire women to join men itt registering for
the military draft. But he declirted to say wltal he had decid.
ed. Carter. as he rctttrrtcd to the Wltite House frortt a
weekend at the Catnp David presidential retreat itt
Maryland, was asked whether he had reached a decision on
the controverstal subject'of registering wontcn. "Yes. I've
decided.“ he replied. dcclittirtg to divulge ltis decision. A
Wltitc House press officer. Jim Purks. was ttttable to pro-
vide details. Aides ltad said previottsly tltal a dccisiott
would be announced by the crtd of this week. The president
announced the resumption of draft registration itt his State
of the Union addr last ntorttlt. saying it.was needed to
respond to art increasing threat front the Soviet Union. Brit
he did ttot say whether he would seek to have women in»
eluded itt the call. Stuart liizenstat 2. the president's chief
dotttcstic policy advisor. had said on Saturday that the staff
would send a recomtttcndation to the president dtrrittg the
weekend.

 

Iran Likes Commission Idea

(AP) The lraniau government agreed to an ittterrtatiottal
comnttsston to consider its charges agaittst Shall Moham-
mad Reva Pahlavi trttd said it "will be effective itt solving
the hostage crisis." Meanwhile. tltc militants holdittg the
' ' 'allcd off an anti-American rally itt a gesture
to President-elect Aboiltassan Batti Sadr. who was to be
swortt itt today. “The international investigation commis-
siott will consider the shah's crimes, his violation of lttrrttatt
rights attd the return of his wealtlt to iron." Ayatollah
Ruhollah Khottteini's rtriittg Revolutionary Council art-
ttottnccd. Foreign Ministry spokesman Nassir'osadat Salami
said the commission “will be effective itt solving lhc
hostage crisis." However. liani Sadr in an interview with
ABC-TV indi'ated’that the LLS. government must help
lran get the shalt back for trial before the hostages will be
freed. ‘_‘lf thc.U.S. government gets away from its past
policy of intervention itt internal affairs." he sltid. “and if
it accepts the rigltt of the lrartiart government to follow the
crtminals to your country attd to follow tltc people wlto
ltave plundered our wealth and to accept itt practical terms
to help us itt that rttatter, that would be grounds for
deliberations on the hostages.” Salami said the members of
tile investigation commission will be chosen by UN.
Secretary-General Kurt thltlltbiltt. He said it will ittclttdc
loretgrt attd lraniatt representatives. and Waldlteitn will
decide whether Atnct‘tcans are included.

.C

:5'
.r

.r
‘<

 

USSR Stepping 0n Dissidents

MOSCOW (AP) The Soviét Union stepped up its campaign
against the nation’s dissidents Sunday with a sharp denun-
ciation of Lev Kopelev. a dissident writer widely known in
the West. The 68-year-old writer, widely published itt the
United States and West Germany, was “an enemy of the
socialist system." said the newspaper Sovyctskaya Rossiya.
an organ of the Soviet Communist Party Central Commit-
tee. lt did l10l say whether any speciﬁc steps might be taken
against Kopelev. His wife. Raisa Orlova. is a specialist itt -
Anterican literature. ltt recent weeks. Soviet authorities
have exiled dissident leader Andrei D. Sakharov frottt
' Moscow to the Volga River city of (Porky. They ltave takett
into custody several remaining activists irt the nation's shat-
tered dissident movement and Warned again of punishment
for “rettcgades” who “consciously damage ottr society."
Kopelcv. a bearded six-footer who .servetl a labor catttp
term front 1945 urttil 1954. w: one of to intellectuals who
issued a statement last week itt support of Sakharov. He
told reporters at his home Sunday that the newspaper arti-
cle caught him by surprise artd that he did not kttow what it
foreshadowed for his future.

_Millions Pledged To Pakistan

ISLAMAIlAI). Pakistan (AP) Zbigniew llr/crinskl says the
$400 million in US aid offered to Pakistan is “only the
beginning.” but ltc did not ittdicate how much tttorc
Pakistan might get because of the Soviet intervention itt
Afghanistan. “Pakistan faces a serious threat" front the
presence of art estimated ltXl.00t)Soviet troops itt neighbor-
ing Afghanistan. President Carter‘s ttational security ad-
vtsor told reporters Sunday. after corttpletirtg two days of
talks with ’akistan's President Moltatttrttcd Zia uI-Haq.
Brzerinski reaffirmed America's commitment "to safe-
guarding l’akistan irt tertns of the 1959 trtutrral security
agreement against tltc dangers posed frortt tltc north," and
said the U.S. pledge of $400 tttilliotr irt ccottotttic attd
military aid over two years was “only the begittttittg of tltc
United States response to the threat. "We ltopc that rtlltct‘
coutttries also will ittdicate what they wish to contribute."
he said. Brzc/inski trtheIs today to Saudi Arabia to seek its
support for a Pakistani aid alliattcc. lit a wcckcttd state-
tneut. Sattdi Crown Prince Pahd urged the Moslcttt world
to trttite to give moral attd financial aid to the anti—
comtltunist Mosletn rcbclliort itt Afghanistan. ‘

 

 

( ormer Phys. Ed. Chair Dies

 

l'rmeral services were held yesterday for Dr. lidith M
(:(lltilllc‘. lorttter Women's Physical [Education chair at
SUNYA.

Cobanc, who died of cancer l-‘chruar'y l. was chair oftltc
SUNYA Women's Physical liducation Department front
1965 to 197‘).

' According ttt her colleagues. (‘obane was a tit iviug force
lit the development and progress of women‘s athletics ttol
only at SUNYA. but across New York Stat ' as well

(,obaue was president and co»foundct of the New York
State Association of lrtt  ' ' '

. ctcollcgtatc Athletics Ior \V
V omen
(NYSAiAN).
" in addition. site was cltair of the Women’s Basketball ()f—
lrctals Assoctatton trial was a rttetttbcr of the l"astcrn
Assoctatton ol Physical liducatiott of (‘ollcge Women
. , . . . . .

At SUN} A. ( obanc tnrttat'ed tltc gymnastics
programs. She also served as president of the
Senate.

attd yoga
University

Phs'" J   _ ..
y tcnl Lducntton |)cp.uttttcnt stall tnctnbL-l. Peggy

 

 

Operation Identification

Students. protect your valuables! Operation l.l)., spon-
sored by SUNYA security. will begin next week and writ
enable students to engrave their personal valuables!
Students will be assigned a nationwide idctttit'tcatiort
tturttber irt order to retrieve items. if property is. stolen and
recovered. 0p. Ll). increases chances of the item being
returned.

Op. Ll). schedules trre as follow»;

StuteOItutl Feb. 7 Tower Lobby “H l p...
(.‘olonlal ()untl Feb. l4 't‘ower Lobby i-t i put
Dutch Quad lien. 28 lower Lobby 7-l I put
Indian Quad Mttrcp (, 'l‘ower Lobby 7‘ | i put
AlurnnIQtnul Marchle Walerbrrry Lobby 7»i i put
Wellington Marelt 27 Hotel Lobby "H l prtt

Mann noted that ('obane cotttittncd to teach attd fulfill her
obhgattous as ~department cltair cvctt tho
restricted to a wheelchair.

l)r. ( oltanc‘s valttc to the SUNYA community was best
sttttttnart/cd by Atltlctic Director Robert l-‘ortl‘

“ ' I r- r I ‘ i ' I
U ~.‘shc \ as a hell ol an ttdrttttttslrator." lte
‘ laveryottc that knew her had total respect for her Sh
toyed students rind student athletes."
“.‘rht‘ was tust quite a \Vlilllillt.”

ugh site was

said.
I: t'tl-
l'tti'tl concluded.

—- Ilob liellnl’iute

 

You thin! Politic

Politicians are '

, . getttng younger llrc‘ ' l'W‘ ‘

I U ' ‘ ‘ l. . u (up. Sunday [Ind
:lotdla‘y. SUNYA strttltttts had the opportunity in put.
ietpn c in (I Mock legislature sponsored i‘w the " l' 
Sctcnce .r ssociatiott. i l u mu“

Approximately 50 participants tirst

 

gathered .‘s‘irtn ay

 

_...._. -...._......

 

 
  
 

 
   
 
 
 

 
 

 

 
 
 

Darciliuc:

Fcbnuany 4, '1 980
.W“
Ali Parades For Peace

NAIROBI. Kenya (AP) Witlt jabs at Jinmn t'
books at the Kremlin. Muhammad Ali cat‘tietl on MU“...
with his U.S.-sponsored tottr to promote a butcott ul
Moscow Olyntpics. But he said his real aint llttll is tulle:
off war betweett “the baddest two white men in lll\tttt\"d
America and the Soviet Union. Ali‘s lltlssltrtt ind ' ‘
black Africatt support for Carter’s Olympic hon-on glint
to a rocky start Sunday when rcpotlL‘ts itt lair/atrium...
rtrelcd ltirtt with questions about U.S. dcalingx nittttrttlv.
minority-ruled South Africa. After arriving hctc Manda
the fortttcr heavyweight boxingchampion Ittiltlltb arcttu-i
_Carter of having put him “on the spot" and album“?
"around the world to take the whipping" (no 
policies. if he ltad known about the US south A”...
relationship. he said, he probath would ttot arrcpf
Carter's African assignment. “I‘m Ittrl ltcrc to Ht.
America’s whipping.” All told reporters. "I run tnntli
against South Africa." State Depattnn-trt ullicttth ti.
Wasltittgton. declining to be identified. conceded that on:
of Ali's statements "are giving us a little heartburn.“

ﬂ

5.5m

ttigltt to ntcct itt stttdcttt committees and Lllstttsx lilll\ tilt
which they would act. A party l‘olloucd. \\ill| l‘oliltval
Scteucc professors. legislative members. and sttltlt'tth ttlptt-
tttg about political issues attd gettittg to kuou t'dt‘ll ttlllr'r

Monday was tltc big day. as guest speakers and ill.
legislative cottttttittees brought students into Iltt' \totlti ul
bill-making nttd tltc legislative process,

Sp 'akct‘s such as Senate Majority Leader \\ .ttten Antici-
sott attd Assembly Majority Leader Daniel \\';r|sh illlllll‘kst‘tl
stttdettts irt the legislative Office Building's Hamilton Rttotli
on the plusscs of the legislature. tltc t‘csptutsilttltttcs ot the
staff. artd the difficulties of running a summit ttpctttllutt.
I‘We're ttotltirtg rttorc tltart mortals. \\L' do illill.r‘
mistakes." said Walsh. commenting on the pillttllx.

Students then broke into committees ultith rltxrussctl
attd debated bills dealing with issues ltorn ltc.tlt|t lit\\~ In
edtrcatiott. ,

Accordirtg to the event's itinerary. the ptupmc ol tllt'
Mock Legislature was to cdttcatc students on t‘ttllliolcidili
issues itt New York State and to enable them to lrtlttllltlillt'
themselves with the process.

Wltilc tnosl students believed tltc ctcut \\.l‘v .’l sttr’tt'v.
sottte disappointment was expressed over a lrnk pt llllctcsl
on the part of Poli Sci profs artd legislators, t'spc't‘lnlll.‘ “it”
Very lew attended the Sunday ttigltt get-together.

 

into any

tllnl tin

 

 

A I. The Hop

'l‘hc weary ltavc wort! After 24 hours ot t.rn.\ steppitt'.
twistin‘. attd turnin‘, l2 out of 35 couples \lL'ttI llic nltolt‘
t'ay itt 'l‘clethon iltl's Dance Marathon.

While most people dattccd ltn' l2 hours. in 7‘ Jt.ti|., tilt
majority could last no lottgcr. 'l hosc uho tlltl unnthth
cltickcn lights. did sottte professional snttlitt'. .Ittrl it‘lllt'ti
ltattds to dance itt circles.

Sometimes the music got a little slow and ll‘t'l turd” "‘
(“'02. Bttt ottec the beat picked up. the :ttltL‘ltnliIl tinned.

'l‘hc wittttittg couple received two Pink 1 lovri tnkets.trnrl
the other winners have not yet been tletcrnnncd. l’dt-
licipattts have until March I to collect their tlttlllk'l‘
(l’lro/o: .-l/tlil ('rrlr'tllt

is! ‘ ‘

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

February 5, 1980

Cohoes Shelves Mostng Plans

by Andrew Carroll

Citing adjustments irt federal‘
funding codes and a fear of losittg
private fittattcial support. the

Cohoes Music Hall (CMH) Cor-
poration has shelved plans to move

 

into SUNYA’s
Center. The Corporation will cort-
tinue to negotiate with the Universi-
ty irt order to set up an intern pro-
gram involving theatre students.

Performing Arts

The tlteatrc group began official
- I

    

PAC Director Albert Aserrttely is not suprised with the Cohoes deeisiort. 7

He watt/x Iir't'tllitlli()li.‘r Io continue a! u "/('f.\'tll‘t’l)’ pure".

(Plrolo: Torry Tussrrrollr')

0’ Leary UnclearAbouI;

Anti-Discrimination Policy

 

Homosexuals Dissatisfied

by Susan Milligan

Despite President O'Lcary's pro-
mise to extend present anti-
disctmtinntion policy to protect
homosexuals. SUNYA‘s (lay and
Lesbian Alliance is still dissatisfied
with administrative action.

Although O‘leary has agreed to
prohibit discrimination at SUNYA
based on sexual or at'l'ecliottal
preferences, ltc has not yet fotu
tttulatcd a concrete policy. accot':
ding to Gay artd Lesbian Alliattcc
spokesperson Scott Robinson.

()‘l..eary is lit the process of deter-
mining wltctltcr or ttot the extended
policy will be ittcltrdcd in SUNYA's
current atni—discritniuatiott state-
ntcrtt. Accordittg to ()‘l.eary.
“possible legal problems" involving
Affirmative Action may occur.

Affirmative Action is a federal
agency which deals with discrimina-
tiott grievances on catttptts.
SUNYA‘s anti-discriminatiott state-
ment is handled by tltc Affirmative
Action office.

()‘lcary said earlier lie was hesi—
tant to ittcltrdc the ttcw policy itt

SUN YA’s anti-discrimirtatiott slalc~‘

metn because ltc was “unsure” as
to wltetltcr it would c.\cccd the
gtridelincs of Affirmative Actiott.

According to Robinson. “there
are no legal problems."

"We spoke with botlt tltc Depart-
tttcttt of Health, liducatiou attd
Welfare (llliW) office for (‘ivil
Rights attd the New York State
Division for llutttart Rights." said
Robinson. “Both agettcics said
there are no legal problems with the
ittclttsiott of the revised policy itt
SUNYA's anti-dis riminatiott state—
rrtettt. ltt fact. HEW thought it was
'a wonderful idea’." ‘

Robirtson went on to say that the
only possible legal probictn would
occur if an infraction of the policy
occurred.

The Alliattcc will eorttinuc itt its
altetttpt to influence O"l..eary's
decision.

“it is absoltrtely crucial that tin
policy appears on University
documents.“ said Robinson.
“Otherwise. the policy change is
ttot meaningful."

()'l.cary said lte
cttuntcratc tltc policy attd its form
when all aspects of tltc policy are
dctcrtttitted. witltitt two weeks.

in additiott to clarifyittg the new
policy. the alliance is working to
oblaitt gay artd lesbian rights on a
SUNY-wide basis.

“We atnl other SUNY (lay artd
Lesbian Alliances will be Diltr
ticipatittg ill a tttarclt on Albany on
April 12." said Robinson.

“We are demonstrating to repeal
New York State laws discriminating

plans to

Albany Student Press

ttegotiatiorts with—SUNYA in early
December concerning its move out
of 'the lOO-year-old Cohoes Music
Hall. Ofﬁcials explained that the
structure did trot meet federal start-

ydards of accessibility to the ban-

dicapped. In addition. funds front
the National Endowment for the
Arts arid the New York State Court—
cil for the Arts would disappear if
an e evator was not provided for the
ltall.

The Corporation also wished to
ittitiate a student itttcrrt progrant.
making the hall eligible for addi-
tional funding.

Yet nudcr newly adjusted codes.
the Music Hall will be able to cott-
tittuc operations itt Cohoes without

major renovation. CMH Publicity
Director Pat Fattibene explained.
“We may go ahead at Cohoes pro-
vided we take one show a year to'a
facility that is accessible to the han-
dicapped — the PAC, for instance.
or The Egg downtown."

Fatlibene furtlter explained that
the dccisiort ttot to ntove was a corn—
bittatiott of many factors. the most
important considcmtion being a
financial one. “We wislted to main-
tairt the support of the private sec-
tor. Moving out could tncan a great
potential loss front that sector."

PAC director Albert Aserrncley
did not seettt surprised at the
group's dcc ion. He wants the
negotiations to continue with the
Music Hall. at what he described as
"a tttorc leisurely pacc".

“We don't want to ruslt ittto
anything now. We‘re ltopittg they

 

Page Three

will eventually move here. but ‘we’ll
wait and' see." Aset'meiy explained
that as of now, the the'atre group
will remain in Cohoes for its up-
coming October through March
season. while doing one show at the ,
PAC.‘

An intern program involving
University Theatre students and
Music Hall professionals will con-
tirtue to be planned. “One of our
students has been working with the
Music Hall and has earned his ac-
tor's Equity (union) card." said
Ascrmeiy. “His experience enabled
hittt to land a theatre job in New
York City." Fattibene said that
while nothing has been fornmlated
as of yet. an intern system would be
set up.

According to Asermcly. futurc‘
considerations will be based on
decisions made by the Music Hall.
SUNY, attd the University.

Bookstore Denies Union Support

by Lillian I’ 'arsnll

'I'ltc SUNYA l-‘ollctl bookstore
platts to continue buying its gradua-
tion caps artd gowns front tire
Albany firrtt of Cotrell and
Leonard. despite a complaint of un-
fair lrtbor practices made against
them by the Natiottal Labor Rela-
tiotts Board (NCRB).

Bookstore management said lltc

Bookstore Manager Dean will not c

decision was tirade because a
boycott would suggest that l-‘ollctt
had prejndgcd tltc company.
SUNYA Vice-Presidents .lamcs
Volkwcin artd Lewis Wclclt met
earlier last tttorttlt with two interna-
tiottal Ladies (inrmcnt Workers
Uttiott (ILGWU) representatives
seeking administrative support ill a
boycott of Cotrell artd Leonard's

    

haugc companies.

He will offer option of ordering from C. E. ii'rrrd Company.

r'ultlilttlt'r/ orr [trlgt'I/tttll‘

Fire Officials Inspect SUNYA

by Sylvia Saunders

New York State l‘irc Prevention
Officials seeking fire safety viola-
tions ltavc completed two weeks of
art inspection of SUNYA's rrptowtt
attd dowrttowtt campuses. accor-
ding to Assistant Director of Public

    

 

 

.I’ubllc Safety Asst. l)|r. Schurl
Mani! safely viola Iinrrs Itrr'rn'rr
“’00,”! Hensclre/J

/

Safely Karl Schar'l.

The annual inspection, which in»
eludes a review of the campus safety
program and art inspection of all
public buildings. is tttandated by
liducation Law iilJ7-A. Scharl said.

The inspection cart take
“anywhere frottt li-M weeks to be
completed." ltc said. “it's done on
all the SUNY campuses."

Scharl added that the inspection
is cottductcd by a patth of “fire
control experts,“ ntauy forrtter
firemen. 'l'lte pattci goes through
every building on campus to find
violations dctertttiucd by tlte Na-
tional I:ll'L‘ Protection Code. They
will also check on~campus student
bedrooms. if requested. according
to Scharl.

Ottee the inspection is finished.
officials compile a report of each
building to be sent to the
Chancellor‘s Office. the. SUNYA
Pitun Department. the Public Sale-
ty Office attd the Department of

(I’Iro/u: /'I lmr ( ‘rr/crn/

Finance and Business. SLJNYA of-

ficials receive repot Is by mid-
summer. according to Assistant
Vice President for Finance attd

Business Robert Sticr‘er.

Wltilc tltc NYS Office of l~'ire
Prevention is strictly a recommen-
dittg burly. Scharl said. “We try to
take care of as many violations as
we can." \

Many violations are “minor”
and do ttot take a lot of little artd
tttottey. “For example." ltc said.
“It‘s a violation for tile dinirtg Itall
doors to bc blocked. So we correct
the probletn rigltt tltcrc or send a
memo to the person itt charge.
Many violations like this are takett
care of right at the
discovery."

Otltcr violations are corrected by
work order, according to Stierer.
“Certain violations such as rubbish
irt passageways or exits cart be taken
care of quickly just by calling iii the

coulinttcrl on page five

 

tittte of

products. ‘

The uttiott'represcntatives spoke
for approxitttately 50 of the com-
party's garment workers who ltavc
been on strike almost continuously
since August ii. The strikers charge
that Cotrell andlconard. located at
472 Broadway itt Albany. cott-
ductcd an anti-union campaign.

After consulting legal counsel at
SUNY attd the Albany office of the
NLRB. university officials decided
it would be “inappropriate for a
public institution to c.\pt‘css a view
itt a private labor dispute." explain-
ed Volkwein. .

SUNYA bookstore manager
(iary Dean said Follett will offer the

optiott of using the (‘.l;'. Ward
Company of Illinois instead of
Cotrell attd Lcottard. Students will
be able to order from C.l5.. Ward
from March .1 to Marclt 28; attd

front (‘ott’cil attd Leonard frottt
April 14 to May 23.
ILGWU representative Cheryl

Schael'l'cr said although the strikc
was otganivcd because of the cunt-
party‘s interference itt ttrtiott activi-
ty. working cottditiorts at Cotrell
' attd Leonard should also be cott-
sidct‘cd.

Site called their five story
building “decrcpid”. citing inade-
Lptatc toilet facilities. poor ventila-
tiott. lirttitcd fire escapes. attd a
leaky roof. Matty of the employees.
she said. ltavc dotte highly skilled
work for a nutttbcr of years attd still

 

rec'ive minimum wage \vitltout
benefits.
Vice-president of Cotrell and

Leonard Atttltorty Hardon denied
all urtiott charges in a letter stating
tltc company's positiott. He said the
situation began on July 30. 197‘).
when the urtiort asked to be
rccogniled as the sole cotttract
negotiator on the basis of majority
support shown by uttiott member
employees who had “eard count“
cards. instead of a card couttt, the
company offered to ltavc a secret
ballot conducted by the NLRB.

(‘otnpany attorney Sntttuel D.
Rosen explained Cotrell and
Leonard‘s action ill a letter to the
union. itt which lie said “the United
States Sttprerttc court ltas said that
cards are not a very good indicator
of employee wishes."

Harden said if a secret ballot ltad
been cortdttcted. ’with the uttiort
gaining a majority vote, tltc com-
patty “would have been glad" to
negotiate with tltetn. I-lowever. lte
sttid after the company suggested
the secret ballot. the urtion began
picketing the shop.

Harden dcttied other uttion ac-
cusutions concerning underpaid
employees and inadequate building
facilities. ‘

 

