 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

...>......-.:.~.- Arr

 

 

he title of the latest Cheap Trick

album, All Shook Up. doesn't lie.

, Like Peter Frampton (remember
him?), Cheap Trick released a highly suc-
cessful live L.P. that gave them the mass at»
tsntion the strived to at for some time. Un-

Robert Gordon

ortunate y, i e rampton. t ey stt seem
directlonless. All Shook Up Is a mixed bag of
tunes with so many different stylings that one
can't put a flhger on a distinct Cheap Trick

 

 

 

\

sound. Actually. they remind me of one of
those late night T.V. ads for K-Tel where
one group. usually called “The Sound Ef-
fects" or something like that. sings "the best
of today's sounds." but can't do a damn
thing on their own.

This isn't to say that the members oi the
group aren't talented. Vocalist Robin Zander
gives a real smorgasbord of different styles
that carry a tune while Tom Peterson ’ts a
more-than-adequate bass guitarist. Bun E.
Carlos. with looks that go with that great
name of his. Is a fairly good percussionist.
Finally. there's Rick Nielsen. who. let's face it
folks. does look pretty much like a jerk. Is a
damn good guitarist. The problem is that the
band gives the impression that the sum of the
parts doesn't add up to a whole.

"Stop This Game" opens side one with
that often used "spacey intro" that showcase
Zander's “echo effect" vocals. This tune
sounds like it could have been released by
The Who. but was shelved by them instead.
This segues Into “Just Got Back." another
rocker with good vocals by Zander who
decides to be Freddie Mercury for this song.
while Carlos delivers a jumpy beat. with nice
guitar rhythm by Nielsen. "Baby Loves To
Rock" continues the Queen sound. thanks
to Zander. The Interplay between Nielsen
and Peterson moves well. Nielsen also does
some nice solo guitar picking. lts rock 'n' roll
theme contains some pretty banal lyrics
("Loves to rock In the morning, in.the euen-
Ing. In the summer, In the tulnter" and so
on). Zander also has trouble saying
“se-se-se-se-sex" — for unknown reasons.

Zander decides to drop Mercury for "Can't
Stop it But l'm Gonna Try," which sounds
something like a mixture of Bad Company
and Foreigner, but Is rather catchy. Carlos
keeps a simple beat with Nielsen and Peter-
son keeping pace, while Zander decides to
give some Roger Daltrey flavoring here and

 ., 'So ndiVlolon

rations For chea

 

there. Lyrically, it's cliched like the rest of the
tunes.

"World's Greatest Lover." meanwhile. is
an easy semi—acoustic rocking tune with a
treme dblrs Beatles Influence (thanks to pro-
ducer George Martin) which has Zander
sounding British; Nielsen has good presence
toward the end. “High Priest of Rhythmic
Noise" has Zappa's “Joe's Garage" talk-box
like vocal with Zander going once more to
Freddie Mercury for lessons. When Zander
asks the question “it's such a pity, what's a
poor boy to do?," the following line might
have been “ 'cept to sing for a rock 'n' roll
band!" The steady bass and drumming keeps
the tune interesting.

"Love Comes A-Tumblin' Down" has a
great last tempo with bass rhythm pulsating
throughout. Nielsen has a nifty guitar run

 

left), who sings
with “a real smorgasbord ol different styles." Nothlng helps as All Shock
1);: lllls short of top quality rock ‘n' roll.

while Carlos keeps the quick neat. Zander's
fast-shouting vocals move the tune along. “i
Love You Honey But i Hate Your Friends"
is totally ripped off from the Rod Stewart
school of style. especially that "Hot Legs"
refrain “i love you honnneeeyl" This one has
more goorf guitar and ivory tapping from
Nielsen. "Go For The Throat (Use Your
Own imagination)" has that “l'm going to get
you" touch which ends up sounding like a
harder rocking Supertramp tune (especially
the backing vocals). “Who D'King" ends the
album with Carlos impersonating the open-
ing of Fleetwood Mac's "Tusk" with a band
of native Africans lending a hand on percus»
sion.

All Shook Up is an album that deserves
some attention. but not a terrific amount. i
think l'll wait for LiL’f! at Budokan. Port If in~
stead. O

Ibirdﬂoridﬁeggae I . .
Street Prisoners Opening Hmds

t seemed as though even the
weather was In favor of robbing the
Albany area of an aural exposure
to the next major force In music. Reggae is
already quite popular in England, the islands
(of course), and Is striking quite a blow in

 

Ed Pinka ‘

Groups like the Police and Clash are
bolstering tunes with reggae beats and the
ska movement is also shedding some noise
In the reggae direction.

On Tuesday night. with the air outside be-
ing icy, J.B. Scott's was hot with the beat of
the Third World band.

This aspiring group has attracted limited
outside attention but is sitting on the verge of
popularity. They have a movie pending
release, their soundtrack Prisoner In the
Street is receiving local promotion. and their
selling point Is in a hit tune called “Now That
We Found Love."

This disco-reggae cut is very appealing
and will hopefully bring attention to the rest
of their music. which has a large reggae in~
fluence.

Third World's appearance and success,
however. will hopefully pave the way for
some other Reggae bands and bring area at-
tention to this type of music. “

Coming on stage much later than ex-

 

anow melting pace/T.
___._____...

pected, due to some equipment problems.
guitarists Cat and Rugs. keyboardist lbo.
Carrot on percussion Willy on drums and
bassist Richie opened with “Far. Far. Away."
The tune had the classic reggae elements:
driving repetitive bass, and chinga guitars.
But Third World adds another feature. At
center stage. keyboardist lbo. ﬂoated in and
out of leads and rhythms to greatly compli-
ment the band's sounds.

The band moved through the set at a
snow-melting pace. pausing between songs
only to rap with the audience. These breaks
by Rugs and lbo touched on oneness (unity).
their expressed pleasure of playing in Albany
(rumour has it they were less than thrilled)
and on encouraging the audience to get up
and move about to the music.

Third World then moved through some of
their more popular tunes. “96° in the
Shade." "Cold Sweat." and "Street
Fighting." The songs featued some excellent
group work as well as some solos.

An interesting but somewhat un-
characteristic guitar solo was played by Cat.
Through the up/off-beats and rhythms.
Cat broke through with plenty of long. sus-

  
 
 
 
 

tained notes. while prancing about the stage.

Solos by lbo and Carrot seemed more in
context. Sliding up and down the keyboard.
lbo moved about center stage. dreadlocks
flying. Carrot's solos shared the spotlight
with bassist Richie and the rest of the band.
who put down their instruments and danced
about on stage.

Ending the set with a much harder. but
just as melodic version of “Now That We

Found Love," Third World brought the en-
tire large crowd to its feet. and left the stage
only to be brought back by the loud ap-
pladse.

The initial Albany reaction to this ap-
pearance of a reggae band was quite
favorable. The eventual effect reggae will
have on this area remains to be seen. it Just
seems to me that it's time for Albany to wake
up to music's newest force. 0

 

 

~ It’ll Leave You Hungry

‘ The let Songﬁ

 
    

h.wcw.w;m~M-rrr:*ﬁ ,.  .
r

 

 

 

 

 

L 21,-1980'

. l'l t=':
l.

t was a night ofclectrlc magic."

 

 
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
 

bloodhounds in their pursuit, and Gestapo-
llke In their tactics.

The other mitigating factor was the warm-
up band, the Psychedelic Furs. I hear some
people actually liked them. But then. some
people like the Plasmatics. -

The Furs, at best. are a reminder that
speclauy rock ‘n' roll. It all seems so bands don't have to be good to be popular.
omogeneously predictable; and that The overcoat—clad lead vocalist is a drop-out
usical talent and creativity in expression . of the Bowie School of Singing. And their
ave been replaced by trendy image-making music is even worse. ‘
nd repetitious droning as criteria for pop 'Someone suggested that the lights Were
atus. But last week was a saving grace: l off for the first few songs because the band
V w Ordinary People and The Talking wasn't really playing. It's possible'l'd say this
,. band is fated to get lost In the main stream.

That is. if they haven't already.
. uzanne Gerber

Suddenly. It was that time. Lights dimmed
Since their'1976 debut, The Heads have

and slowly. dramatically. The Heads took
command of the stage. Lights-flashed on and
 ecome legendary. They sprinkle the crumbs
i. i at other bands can only hope to follow.

the band broke Into that song we all know so
avid Byrne is the unacknowledged

well: “Psycho Killer." A frenzied crowd
swelled forward. The goon squad tried to
gislator of the alienated and the Idol of
agnrcnted youth. The Heads' songs are our

hold us back. But we were a tide that
wouldn't be quellcd. At one point. Byrne arr-
 ntherns: we sing to them. dance to them.
.,.

trounced it was OK to stand up and dance,
 espond to them. And their four albums. .

How could we refuse?

‘ ach a celebration of Innovation. holds a

"'~ pecial place in our collections. and in out
I  earls. '
It had been a year since their last Albany
12; ppearance. on the tail-end of an extended
,our. Disappointing. Overrated. We who
.r’ auglrt that shallow show expected compen
'5, ation. They'll be sublime. we bragged Io
' lends. Crossing our fingers. we thought to
urselves. they have to be.

There were two barriers to the total enjoy-

ent of last Wednesday's concert. The first
e've come to expect. though never to en»
. oy: the Palace goon squad. like

 

'm not one of those “dare to im-
press me" types. But I’ve been real-
ly bored with live shows lately.

 

i

As the concert progressed. the band grew
one by one until all nine musicians were on
stage, The additional frve players accom-
panied the nucleus on guitars, keyboards.
percussion and Vlrlt't'. resulting in a full-
bodied sound thick and funky n that
drove us on all night

it was a night of electric magic. The
acoustics wen.- fmu and the music rrragnifi
cum. The hand even looked great Red.
white and gray was the color SLlIL‘iiiL’. Gray»
uniformed Byrne chicken-wallth and wailr
ed, as the others quiverud and quaked

 

 | o -
.
l
.
.
.
.
.
.

When i was in high school. Tonr Laughlin's trio of “Billy Jack" movies were one of the

i but cultural happenings. in an era where we adolescents were all painfully aware of having
 missed the sixties. Billy Jack reminded us that some of the causes were still there. And Billy
 Jack did more than protest. When things got out of hand. be appealed to the popularity of
' the oriental martial arts. and dispatched bigots. bullies and probable war criminals with (1
series of flashy hapkido kicks. Billy Jack was incorruptable. and that's wiry we loved him.
 He was the Superman for a new age that didn't trust the establishment and needed a hero

 that didn't either. For me, he offered a chance to be a liberal in the safety of a dark theater.

ﬁ——— . . . .
. Odd as it may seem. ri It hadnt been for
jm  Tom Laughlin. i might never have gone to Col-

lege. Being on the outside. looking in on the
social aspects of high school. I tended to be ambivalent toward many of the “in

 

" social
issues. To a large degree. it was Billy Jack who convinced me i didn't want to join the Ar-
my. something l'd been considering nrost seriously. it was an essay i wrote on the Billy Jack
 phenomena that got me into my first college (it sure as hell wasn't my high school
3 transcript). '

' The peak came when Tom Laughlin and his wife/co»sitrr/c<r-producer Delores Taylor in
' dependently released The Trial of Billy Jack In 1974. it was a bold move. repudiating the
A Way Warner Brothers. who first released Billy Jack. had handled the film. it fit in perfectly
A witlr the Gary Cooper image of Billy Jack; the loner who always did the right thing.

 “Sound ﬁ‘Vls‘fon""" ' 

 

ar And soul Heads In

But there were no suprlses. Except for the
opener. they played nothing from the first
album. From the second they treated us to
“Stay Hungry," “Warning Sign." and as an
encore. "Take Me to the River." As ex-
pected. The Heads performed "Cities," “fr
Zimbra." _"L|fe During Wartime" and
"Drugs" from the third.

But tours usually promote new albums
'and this was no exception. From the latest
LP we heard a bunch: "Cross-eyed &
Painless" (we were blind & numb by this
point). “Born Under the Punches." “Houses
in Motion," "Once in a Lifetime." and “The
Great Curve."

 

 
  
  

. t . . . s .s...........u--,1~v~._.....a...r......-.h; -- r
. ‘vuuc 7a

Notion

Overall. the show rates an A minus. i
realize our expectations color our results.
And i realize Eno hasn't played live In three
and a half years. and probably w_on't again.
But still. he was so noticeably absent last
Wednesday that i couldn't give the show an
A plus In good conscience. ‘

The other conspicuously absent element
was the almost tangible polyrhythms of Re-
main In Light. Those carefully structured
muitl-Iayers of sound on the album were just
not there and we felt the difference.

Great-to-excellent but still not impeccable.
the concert left me just a bit disappointed. i
guess l'll have to wait another year. 4 0

The IIWI s unpredlctable Tlllrlg Heads blew away the crow at " nes-

dny night's allow.

 I'I Jack, The Birth Of Reason, And-He

in other words. he went off the deep end. He lost the subtlety. He produced a heavy-
handud and rather paranoid fantasy of America. the police state. But i still loved it. And
Tom Laughlin had known all along that millions of people just like me would. Just like The
Sound 0/ Music and Love Story. The Trial of Billy Jack works in spite of Itself. Laughlin
pulled all the right heart strings. There's an underlying emotionality that is very effective and

cannot be attenuated by the film's flaws.

All that‘s just to justify whyl have such a soft spot in my heart for the film. if you didn't see
it In the theaters when It first came out. It's probable you won't understand. it was an
eagerly-awaited film. And the climate was different. if you mentioned the possibility of
Ronald Reagan being President then you would have been laughed at. The sixties were

"Billy Jack was the Superman for a new age that didn't
trust the establishment and needed a hero that didn’t
either."

unarguably ending. but many of the feelings and sentiments of the sixties were alive and
festering in the last generation that was likely to remember Kent State.
The idea of Tom Laughlin selling the right to The Trial 0/ Billy Jack to Warner Brothers
was inconceivable, and none of us ever expected to see the film on network television.
Well. Tom Laughlin's been short of cash lately. and Tuesday night. CBS showed The

ﬂ

The Trial of Billy Jack was a special film for me. Looking iii Illk‘ film Obll’CllVClyv “'5 hard
to see why. The script is clumsy, episodic, didactic and overdone. The Freedom SCbODl
5‘ students for whom Billy Jack is a guardian angel are no longer the mullet! (and bellcVab'el
; collection of runaways and misfits of » l f T
j Billy Jack. They’re Cal Tech engineers.
‘v professional calibre artists. and activists
r who seem to be on the verge of turning
. the world into a liberal's paradise. The
acting is generally terrible, and there
are none of the delightful improvised
scenes such as the comedy sketch by
Howard Hessman of WKRP fn Cin-
g inaiti. which enlivened Billy Jack.
 lrese are Sunkist comerciol college
iudents who are only there to be

r
 lown away by the National Guard In
he gory finale. Despite the gorgeous

holography. the film's often marred

O.K. all you Springsteen fanaticos.
here’s one that you may have missed
as you cruised down The River. in a
not unpredictable move. Columbia has
picked “Hungry Heart" as the first
single to be released. However. in-
stead of coating the flip side with the
sardonic “Drive All Night" or a similar-
iy uninteresting tune, there Is an
unreleased goodle for us. one that has
a title about as long as its running
length.

Named “Held Up Without a Gun."
this song runs for a featherweight
1:15, with grooves covering (maybe)
three-fourths of an inch. To be honest
it took me three listenings to unders~
tand the lyrics, which are sung to a
hyper—active tempo.

“Held Up" Is adequate flip-side
material —— the lyrics scream a couple
of cute anecdotes dealing with timely
quasi-political subjects. It’s not a bid-

   

  

 
 

    

  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 

 

 

j". y useless zooms. The editing stinks
 nd there isn’t even an attempt at mak-
i'ng transitions from one sequence to
re next. Billy Jack himself has
. one from being a half-lndian Green
‘_ eret who's learned some karate. to "
 Internationally-known hapkido 6X‘

To Laughlin - Moral violence?

 

Trial olBilly Jack on prime time. and it had a Warner Brothers leader on it. Twenty minutes
had been cut from it, Including a major flashback detailing Billy Jack's involvemerLt in a My
Lat—style massacre. The opening aerial shots of desert vistas. over which were superimpos-
ed the casualty reports of Kent State and other schools In which students were killed. were
cut out. leaving only the one that said "Freedom School: 3 Dead, 39 Wounded." it didn't
make much sense anymore. Maybe i can't blame Laughlin. Times are tough. it's just that
somewhere inside me there's an irate teenager who knows Billy Jack wouldn't have done it.

They did leave most of the violence pretty much alone. except for the slow motion close-
up of the groin kick. And they did enlarge the frame a couple of times during the climax. so
you couldn‘t really see the bullets Impacting. But they left In the close—up of Billy Jack's foot
slamming into the throat of the villain. and they left in the shot of the dying antagonist
crumpling in slow motion against the red. white and blue banner as he dribbles blood from
his mouth.

They did. however, edit the soundtrack. For example, when the arrested Billy Jack Is
handed an empty revolver and told to get out of the car, we don't hear the cop tell him “Go
ahead and take your leak." in other words, we never really know wiry Billy Jack gets out of
the car. Middle America and Rev. Falwell must be offended by vulgar euphemisms for bodi-
ly functions, i suppose. Of course it's okay to hear the agorrized screams of dying coeds who
have been shot In the back with M-16's. This doesn't bother Rev. Falwell much.

How do you make anarchy commercial? That's essentially what Tom Laughlin did. How
do you get away with taking an amateurish film and still keep It commercial? That's
something else Laughlin did. How? i remember the original ads‘for The Trial of Billy Jack
— " . . . with some of the most exciting karate scenes ever filmed."

 

CBS knew it all along.
You couldn't corrupt Billy Jack. That’s what made him a'hero. And that's wiry he’s onlyj
movie. .

 

 
 
 
 

den treasure. far from it. but it is the
kind of novelty that every Springsteen
aficiarrado will want.

the Week

1.;- art
' ii

 

 

wllon law

in Evening of Lanford Wilson”

The PAC presents three one-act plays directed by Jerome HanieyTThe
Sand Castle. The Great Nebula In Orton and lkke, Ikke. Nye, Nye. Nye,
— on November 18-22 and Dfecernber 2-6. Tickets are $2 with tax card.

 

