We Can

Debbie Wailing

Stop — how long does it take to urge a
faculty member to attend a meeting for.
studentson the Senate. Stop — how long
does it take to talk to your congressional
representative? Stop — how long does it
take to call a ward leader in Albany to urge
passage of the Security Ordinance (a law
that would require certain standards of
locks and doors)? Stop — how long does it
take to write a letter to the governor to pro-
test the room rcnt hike? Stop — how long
does it take to lobby SUNY Central? The
answer to all of these questions is “a lot less
time then you think." Yet, students don't
seem willing to invest this time.

Perhaps students walk by tables for Tent
City. or don't come to meetings about safe-
ty or don‘t attend sessions with faculty
about the student — faculty Senate,
because you feel overwhelmed. “How can i
understand the issue and what can i do
about it."

 

Student Association. Student Utriorr.
NYi’lRG. SASU rind ()(IA feel that tile
following reasons are why most students
don't become involved:

’Stttdents don‘t rrndcrstand issues that af-
fect their lives.

'The channels of the political process seem
closed to students who have recently collie
of age.

'The results of government action seem
distant. yet. upon closer examiniation. tlte
actions are the catrsc of many problems irr-
dividulas encounter (academic policies are

set by the Senate. cuts in the antonrrt of bits .

drivers are made by President ()‘l.eary and
the Vice Presidents. ctc.)
‘Students look upon their college career as
a short lived experience and sometimes they
are unwilling to attempt to change cir-
cumstances surrounding their college err-
\ ironment.
"fhere are many impediments which don't
allou students to participate equally due to
their status. i.c. in many areas special ques-
tionnaires are used to deny sttrdcnts the
right to vote in their college community.
controls ofeanrpus governance are reserved
for faculty artd administrators wlro barely
allow students to participate. if at all, etc.
These are most of the reasons why

 

Do It All

students are generally considered apathetic.

We feel that these problems can be cor—
rected and _that's why SA. SU.’NYPJRG.
OCA and SASU formed STOP (Student
Organizing Project). The purposes of
STOP are to educate students on the dif-

‘ ferent issues that they are affected by. and

to open up channels through which students
can take actions to take control of~ or at
least inﬂuence, the decision-making pro-
cess. This is the chance for you to learn
about issues that effect you. and it is being
organized by students. .

On Sunday. October 26. Starting at l:00
in SS 259 (and other rooms on the second
floor) we are having a conference. We will
have students who are experts in particular
areas. teach you about the various issues
and how to speak with other students about
them.

What happens next? Well. it is true that
one sttrdent alone can probably affect little
change. The next part of STOP will attempt
to remedy that problem. Next week. Tucs-
day through Thursday. have been
designated STOP days. We will have a
door-to-door campaign on the quads and
try to give yott a bricl overview of women's
safety. the busses. the Board of Trustees.
stttdctrt voting rights. etc. Obviously. this
cannot be too indcptlr. What we hope to do
is illustrate to you that these problems af-
fect you. here anti now; that yotr should
learn more about these things. and. yes. if
we work together. we can affect change.

S'I'Ol’ as well as future actions will be
coordinated by the Legislative office. which
will also serve as a resource center for SA.
SU. SASU. ()(‘A and NYl’lRG. Also, we
will set up lobby training sessions on the
quads. so that you cant learn how to speak
to your representatives irt Albany. We will
establish a network of students irr tlrc dor-
rrritory who will keep you informed ubottt
what is going on. What we will create is a
broadly based. educated and mobili/ed stu-
dent body.

We encotrragc you to learn. You do not
have to make a large tirrre commitment; to
speak with your legislative representat vc
only takes to minutes; to speak to a pro-
fessor in your major dcpartttrctrt takes only
8 minutes. if you wartt to do rrrore. great,
we need yort. But. you can also be cffcctiw
by giving only a little. Please educate
yourself. in order to make change. we need
numbers. First. though. you have got to
learn about what you should change. Start
with the conference on Sunday. STOP! it
really doesn't take that long.

 

  
 
 

Another Option
To the Editor:

This Saturday. at 8 p.m.. in the Perform-
ing Arts Center, SUNYA will have the
chance to hear Dr. Barry Commoner, noted
environmentalist and author of Closing Cir-
cle and the Politics of Energy. Commoner.
one of the first in the nation to warn of the
dangers of nuclear power and corporate
controlled. centralized energy production,
is the candidate for President of the newly
formed Citizens Party. on the ballot in
over thirty states and given between one
and two percent of the electorate in the na-
tional polls. On the local level. the Citizen's
Party is running Judy Enck for Albany
Common Council in the l2th Ward (Pine
Hills). '

Two weeks before the election close to 30
percent of the American people are
undecided. leading to the conclusion that
the voters are dissatisfied with tt'e program
presented by both major parties. This
should be tto mystery. Jimmy Carter. it is
almost universally acknowledged. has been
a miserable failtrrc in the White House.
Promising in i976 to cut the ntilitary
budget. solve the ttncmployrrrerrt problem
and ttsc nuclear power as “a last resort."
the President has increased the military
budget. cut the CETA jobs program and
threatens to step up plutonitrrrr production.

Marry dissatisfied with the major parties
are supporting John Anderson for Presi-
dent. The rcal question for voters is: What
alternative does John Anderson present?
Anderson. the self-styled opponent of the
draft and militarism. voted in l‘)77 for
developing the Neutron Bomb and in l978
against the cancellation of the B-I Bomber.
Anderson. the friend of labor, voted in
1078 against the Humphrey- Hawkins l-‘ull
Employment Bill. Anderson the Err-
\'ironmcntalist voted 4 maul/rs after Three
Mile Island to fund the Clinch River
Breeder Reactor. Anderson. the friend of
women, missed all seven key voles rm ahnr-
lion in I979. Jack Ncwficld and Joe Cort-
ason wrote in the May l9tlr Village Voice:
"A civilized style is not a strbstittrte fora
sense of justice." ‘

Why should you support Barry Corri-
moncr for President? Not because of his
personal reputation and literary pro-
minence but becattsc of his party platform.
The Citizens Party calls for a guaranteed
job for all those who wish to work. a halt to
nuclear power. a foreign policy of disarma-
ment and non-intervention. affirmative ac-
tion. and gay rights. But even more impor-
tantly. the Commoner campaign represents
an attempt to form in this rtation a people's
alternative to the parties of big business.
John Anderson. sttpportcd by Stewart Mott

 

  

  
 
 
 

(heir to the Mott Tomato Company) and
Felix Rohayton (investment banker and
ﬁnancier), is not going to ask why President
Carter admitted the Shah of iran to the
United States a few days after the CIA
warned him there would be a severe reac-
tion in lran. He won’t nationalize the
energy industry either.

The Citizens Party is made up of
feminists, whites and blacks. gays. indepen-
dent voters, students. socialists. en-
vironmentalists and unionists. You won't
find the local Citizens Party leadership in
corporate boardrooms but tabling in the
Campus Center against nukes, the draft.
and utility rate increases. We'll still be tabl-
ing the dav after the election. Hope you can
join us.
~ Bob Cohen

Coverage Needed

To the Editor:

l was very disappointed that there has
been no coverage of any of the SUNYA
Wheelchair Basketball games. As a paper
representing all aspects of SUNYA life.
your lack of coverage is most inap-
propriatc.

Not only did you have both a
photographer atrd a writer front your staff
at the first borne game on Oct. it. but i pctv
soually handed one of the ASP editors a
copy of the names of all the teatn members
and dates of the games. Tire nest borne
game is November 8. For rrrorc informa—
tion, you cart contact tltc Office of Student
Life. '

i hope to see an article and fttttrre reports
of one of the most spirited teams on carn-
pus. the SUNYA Wheelchair Basketball
Team.

 

 

—- Naomi Brrrrtrr

Open-minded?

To the Editor:

1 would like to address this letter to all
those students. faculty. etc.. in the Univer»
sily who consider themselves “open-
rninded." This past Saturday. on Corri-
munity University Day, I staffed a table
along with two other people for the (lay
and Lesbian Alliance. it seemed like a good
opportunity to make ourselves visible and
accessible to the University and the corn-
rnurrity at large. i thought all yotr
“open-minded" people might find these
observations interesting. A few fools
thought it would be funny to play gay.
walking arm in arm to our table then quick-
ly exiting. i guess the idea of mocking rrs
scented like good fun. For them it was. lint
evetr more interesting were the vast majority
of parents and/or their wonderfully up-
wardly mobile children pointing and giggl-

 

 

 

 

 

I wAS MUCH SWB

F TMMTHEWNI wreer

I (OA‘S Mafg VEClS'lt/E

  

MORE CDHPETEDT.

 

MOE? magmatic

   

   

 

 

 

 

 ,,-|"a«eos'.'.1'at‘toes1..

 

   
   

Features:
A review of Quad cuisine
A downtown plate to nosh

(olumns:
Pinball Hilltarism

Downstate Correspondence

Crayon Craziness

Reviews:
Bruce Springsteen
'l'wo Gentlemen
The Talking Heads
' carolyn Has

Diversions:
Fred the Bird
The Puzzle
Vlhat to do this week

1* 'I'attoos..'l'attoos..'l'attoos

 

