 

 

 

e ,  - ‘. ’r. e

Riot Against Nazis in Ill.
EVANSTON,- Illinois (AP) About 2,500 angry
demonstrators threw eggs and rocks at 11 brown-shirted
Nazis, forcing them to retreat behind swastika-
emblazoned shields. One policeman was slightly injured
and five persons were arrested during the Sunday
demonstration. which lasted only seven minutes. An
angry crowd pelted the Nazis with rocks, eggs. brick
fragments and small pieces of metal after the Nazis un-
furled a banner reading. “Holocaust - Six million
lies." About 350 police in riot gear were on hand for the
Lovelace Park rally. held just a few miles from Skokie.
which has a large Jewish community. including 7.500
concentration camp survivors.

About two hours before the Nazi rally, more than
4.000 demonstrators -— including independent presiden-
tial candidate John B. Anderson — gathered on the
Northwestern University campus for a
counterdemonstration. Anderson told the crowd the
resurgence of the Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan was
dangerous and something “we can no longer ignore. Air
attack on the Jews is an attack on everyone." Anderson
said.

Child Killer Hunted

ATLANTA. Georgia (AP) Five hundred police and
firefighters, looking for arty sltred of evidence tltat
might prevent another killing. were launching a door-to-
tioor canvass of Atlanta today irt tlte investigation of the
slaying of ten black cltildreit. Mcrtrtwltilc. the City
Cottrtcil was meeting to consider iritposirig art 11 p.rtt.
curfew for children under 15 and tr $20,000 appropria-
tiort to a reward fund tltat already totals ritorc ilrart
$50,000 irt state and private contribtiiions. The body of
the tctttlt victim — a 7-year-old girl — tvas found Satur-
day in a vacant lot by volunteers who signed up to kick
through weeds and brarrrblcs irt search of bodies and
cities. Organizers of the search said llte biracial effort by
hundreds of blacks and whites had helped ease racial
tcttsions produced by the slayings Four other children
are rtiissiiig. The voltrn .:er searches are to cotitirttte each
Saturday. while the daily door-to-door canvass is assign-
ed to uniformed police officers. Hoirtcs missed by police
will be 'ted by firefighters. Police ltope the wcckend
discovery of the body of Lntonya Wilsoit. who had been
missing sirtcc .lurie 2_2. rtrigltt ttirti up a new clue to the
killer. But it rrtight not be possible evcrt to fix the cause
of lter d-irtii. because the body was dccotttposcd, of-
ficials said. Fourteen children have disappeared since
Jrrly 1979.

Laetrile Still Banned

WASHINGTON. l).C. (AP) The Sttpiertre (‘ourt gave
federal regulators a major victory today by ttirrtirtg awav
arguments tliai terminal caitcer victims have a constitu—
tionnl rigltt to use Laetrile. The justices. without corn-
ntettt, left intact a federal appeals court ruling that
because no strclt rigltt exists. the government is free to
ban the controversial substance. Today's action was not
a definitive ruling. it is conceivable. though not likely.
that the high court could at some later date agree to
study the issue itt depth. Brit for now tltc practical effect
is just as momentous. Cancer victims determined to get
Lactrile without leaving the United States tnnst do so il-
legally.

 

<

 

 

 

Tampon Warning Issued

 

WASHINGTON. l).C. (AP) The Pond attd Drtig Ad-
ministration today formally proposed that a warning
label be put on all brands of tampons to warn women
that tampons ltave been linked to the rare but d‘adly
disease Toxic Shock Syndrome. Tire agency said the run-
jor manufacturers of tampons already have indicated
they will voluntarily put warning labels on their pro-
ducts while the FDA goes through its procedures to
make the rtrlc mandatory. One brand of tanrport. Rely.
was pulled off the market by its manufacturer. Procter
& Gamble. last month because initial studies indicated it
increased the risk more than other brands. But the FDA
said. “All brands of tampons have been associated with
the disease." The proposed label would say:
“WARNING: Tampons ltave been associated with Tox-
ic Shock Syndrome, a rare disease that can be fatal. You
cart almost entirely avoid the risk of getting this disease
by trot using tampons. You cart reduce the risk by using
tampons on and off during your period. 11' you have a
fcver of 102 degrees or more. and vomit or get diarrhea
during yottr period. remove the tarrtport at ottce and see
a doctor right away." The proposed regulation will be
published in the Federal Register on Tuesday and the
public will have 30 days to comment on it. The i-‘DA will
then decide wltctlrer to make tltc ttile final,

 

Gulf War Rages 0n

BElRUT. Lebanon (AP) lran claimed the defenders of
Abadan checked an lraqi advance on the besieged orl
refinery city while lraq claimed its troops overran an ira-
nian army camp near Khorramshahr as the war between
the two Persian Gulf oil nations started its fifth week to-
day. The leaders of both governments ignored appeals
from other Moslem nations for a four-day cease-fire
during lslam’s holiest holiday. the feast of rd el-Adha,
which began Sunday. The Koran, the Moslem holy
book, forbids the spilling of human blood during the
period. Meanwhile. the 52 Americans held hostage in
lran began their 352nd day of captivity today. and the
speaker of the Majlis. lran's Parliament. indicated that
it would decide their fate late this week or early next
week. just before the first anniversary of then being
made prisoners. A Swedish radio correspondent. Agneta
Rambcrg. said Ayatollah Hasliemi Rafsanjani told her
in an interview Sunday: “Tltc lraniart Parliament wrll

 

 

CAMpus Bniefs

 

 

Sex With a Piano

When John Valby sits down at the piano ii is hard to
decide whether to laugh or listctt first.

Because what the 35 year-old musician does is mix ltis
musical talent with a mad-cap variety of dirty sings that
no one cart resist laughing at.

it is art-interesting blend of tire dirty aitd tltc clean that
has audiences everywhere coming back for more,

Mtielt of the dirt comes front the Ya-anYa-Ya School
of Dirty Songs. but a lot of it comes lit the form of
Valby compositions arid made-up ort-tltc—spot limericks.

The clean stuff is comprised of arousing classical ar-
rangements. ragtime tunes. popular songs attd Valby
originals.

Audiences eat it up — which is what the SUNYA
football team is hoping for This concert, which will be
lit the gym at 8 p.m. this 'i'ltursday. is one of several
fund raisers toward the snooo the football players need
for their November 8 Florida trip.

Tickets are $3 in advance.

Biking For Easter Seals

 
   

'l‘ltc liastcr Seal Society is taking advantage of the
great interest itt bicycle touring in this area and is
organizing a frirtd raising BIKE-111K ‘ to take place Sun-
day. Thc 25-milc course originates frortt the
Slicncndeltowu High School patkirtg lot ottt to Moe
Road. Route 146 and Bruno Road.

(‘yclists bringing in contributions of $25 will rcccitc a
T-shirt corrtttteittoratittg tltc event. Pr'i/cs will be round
ed on the basis of the amount of money collected for
Easter S -als.

First prizc. donated by lirnckcn's Ski and Bike Shop.
is a lZ-specd Panasonic 1000 bicycle. and second prirc is
a $150 gift certificate frortr liraekert's.

Locally the Easter Seal Society funds the [Easter Seal
Speech and Hearing Center. 194 Washington Avenue.
which serves over 600 clients. The ccrttcr provides direct
services including wheelchair loans. it wheelchair basket-
ball 'tcam. and advocacy for the disabled.

To register. call Linda Martinelli at the linsth Seal
Society. 434-4103.

O’Leary to Speak

SUNYA President Vincent O'l.eary will be the
keynote speaker at the Hope iiousc annual dinner
Wednesday in the Century House. Latharn.

Hope House was founded 13 years ago by llishop
lloward Hubbard of the Albany Rorrtart Catholic
Diocese when lie was a priest in Albany's South 12nd.

it was the first shelter and rehabilitation center for
drtrg abusers itr northeastern New Vwk. it now has a
25-bcd residential program for alcohol and drrrg abusers
at 261 N. Pearl St,. Albany: a day treatrrrerit program
for 25 adolescent girls at School 24 near Lincoln Park in
Albany; and art after—school program for 12 adolescent
girls irt (ittilderlartd.

Members of tire coittrrtrrrrity who have supported ‘hc
agency will be honored at the dinner.

Tickets are $17.50 a person. or $30 for couples. Rt'SCl-
vaii..ns may be made by calling llopc House ll
465-7879.

 

make its decision on the hostage issue immediately an”
the special parliamentary commission that is working
now has presented a plan. and that will happen by the
end of this week at the latest." Iranian communique;
reported heavy fighting at both ends of lraq's SOD-mile
invasion front as well as in the central sector. But no ma-
jor change in the battle lines was reported by either
government.

Hearst Contests Conviction

SAN FRANCISCO, California (AP) Patricia Hearst
Shaw, the kidnapped newspaper heiress and form...
Syntblonese Liberation Army fugitive. is entitled to it
new hearing in her legal battle to overturn a batik tob-
bery conviction. a federal court ruled Monday, rm.
U.S. 9th Court of Appeals ordered the hearing to 1...
held in federal district court. No date for the limiting
had been set. Mrs. Shaw, then Miss Hearst. was con.
victed in the April 1974 robbery of a branch of Ihc
Hibernia Batik in San Francisco.

Hodding Carter at SUNYAd

Hodding Carter. the former State Department
spokesman durirtg the Carter Administration. will ap.
pear in the CC Ballroom at SUNYA on Thursday to
speak about the relationship between the government
and the trtass media.

Mr. Carter‘s topic. "Government arid the l’lcss; .\
Two Way Street". will be followed by a question and
answer period. According to Speakers Forum ('lrrrn
Jane Sidoti. Carter was paid $3.500 for his tippelttttncc

The cvcitt. sponsored by Speakers Forum, \\lll lit-gin
at 12 noon. Tickets are $1.00 with it tax card. and $1.25
without.

Self-Defense for Women

Rapisis. molesters arid flashers ltave recently been
bothering women botlt on and off campus. lll response
to tltis, tltc President’s Task Force on Women's Suit-tr
has sponsored six free self-defense workshops taught in
expert Maggie Boys.

Take two ltours to learn sortie basic sclt-tlelt-nw.
There‘s only one workshop left. it will be this Stuntn
from 6:30-8:30 pm. itt Coloni'tl Quatl‘s llcrl.rrrn-r
Lower Lounge.

For rtrorc iriforrrtnliort. contact the (ill ( titti|rrt~
Association at 7-4928 or the Affirntntite Action Hill."
at 7-8590.

Want to be a Lawyer."

 

 

 

()ver 25 latv schools frortt all o\cr the comm \ .rrr t ‘.
peeled to participate irt tltc second :mturnl r .rptm!
District Law School l-air Saturday irt tlte ('zmtpu.< ‘Itl ‘r
Ballroom. 10 ti.ltl.<l2:l5 nttd 1:.‘40-4 p.ni.

The event, sponsored by tile Alltttli} l‘lL‘ l.t‘.\
Association with the Office of Student Affairs .llirl tit.-
Center for Undergraduate lidncniion. itlllitrltrl min:
500 students ftorrt several nrcu campuses last will l! of
fcrs art opporttrnity for prospectitc law school .trrdcrrr.
to meet with representatives of law school .trltIIr-wrtt-
offices. Among law schools attendingI \\lll llL' \lllLllsrlll.
Albany. Boston University. |)c|rt\s:trv. ltt'ttwil.
(icorgeiown. Rtitgcrs-(‘arittlcrt. Soutlttsestvrn, litllldl‘t.
Syracuse. (‘ornell. 'I'erirplc. Pacific. Santa ( Int, and
Vermont.

Vandals Hit Stale Quad

  

The Quad Coordinator anti tlte Dorm Ditcer 1"
Slate Quad reported that their front doors were spun-
painted with obscenitics, arid their car tires \tcrtsslélillﬂl
last Tuesday, Department of Public Safety oltrrmls my.

investigator (inry O'Connor said the incrdc
red between midnight and (r u.rti. on ()ctolu't
Dcpnrttnettt of Pttblic Safety has no sttstttr is It
case.

“We haven't :t damn thing to go on.

O'Connor said that similar incident»
these people last yettrott State ()rmd. lit: illilll‘l -'
they were. however, V

The Quail ('oordinntor didn‘t care I" H”““"‘“‘._"“.
this event. saying. “l’in still lookinll “1N” 

“(\tltClll'
lsrlt. [he
i llll‘t

" (t‘t rtllllrtl vrllll

lt.t]rpr trt‘tl l"
~, with

 

October 21, 1980

Albany Student Press

WWn town-le

Page Three

James Whitmore Highlights Parents ’ weekend

 

Mimics Famous Personalities

by Whitney Gould

James Whitmore entered the
gym. dropped the books he carried
and then addressed the audience.
After a brief introduction spoken
into a poorly tuned microphone.
Whitmore mumbled. “I‘m sorry
but i can't continue this way." and
walked off the speaker's platform.
Murmurs wertt tltrouglt the crowd.
A second later he was back, smil-
ing. carrying a prop-filled trtrnk.
having successfully cortrted his art-
dience.

 

 

; News FEATURE

 

 

“A Conversation with James
Whitmore." sportsored by Speakers
Forum. highlighted Parents'
Weekend Saturday night. as the ac~
tor spoke before a crowd of 800 in
SUNYA‘s gym. Tire Oscar
nominee, known for his impersona-
tions of Theodore Roosevelt. Will
Rogers and Harry Truman, dif-
ferentiated betweert types of
speakers, remarking. “A comedian
entertains and a lecturer annoys."
By his own standard. Wltitrrtore is a

   
   

STOP legislative coordinator Debbie Wultlberg

comedian.

Whitmore does impressions
which inspire and sound as relevant
today as when Harry Truman told
Americans to “read your history,"
35 years ago. The key. Whitmore
explained. is to satisfy the image
which people have of the character
lte is portraying.

Whitmore soon abandoned the
microphone and "projected." iri-
sisting that the audience should tell
hint if they could riot ltear. While
donning a rttustaclte ("that may not
stick because of the sweat. btrt we'll
pretend it does"), spectacles. hat
and hurtling jacket, Wltitrttorc int-
itated the speech arid mannerisms
of Teddy Roosevelt. “My friends.
take art interest irt politics and act."
the 26th president said irt fast. clip-
ped speech. Roosevelt's
achievements were also expounded.
including his post as Assistant New
York Police Commissioner. during
which lie cleaned up the city — “for
a few minutes. anyway."

Next Wltitrnorc assumed the
postttre of Will Rogers. the mart
wlto could spot a phoney a rniic
away. “so be naturally became in.

 

St! '5 students can be "u cohesive and active eItIiI t.
J

n

terested in politicians." Rogers’ -

swipes at politics. relating to the
1920 Republican Convention in
Chicago and then-President Warren
G. Harding were appropriate in
regard to the present election.
v “’1 here is no way to keep a political
party respectable unless you keep
them out of office," declared
Rogers-Whitmore.

Harry Truman. cotnpleie with
bow-tie. glasses. walking stick, and
a double-breasted suit. was on next.
Along with Truman's well-known
phrase “read your history." the
33rd president stated. "the only
things worth learning are the things
you learn after you’ve learned it
all."

Whitntorc cltose his characteriza-
tioits because "all three dared to tell
the trtrtli. something that is not very
popular tltcse days." Roosevelt.
Rogers and Truman also ltad great
faith irt their listener‘s intellect. ac-
cording to Whitmore.

Aside frorn ltaving to contend
with a mnladjustcd micropltonc,
Whitmore faced other obstacles
drrrirtg his performance. The
spotlight went otrt midway between
Will Rogers and Harry Truman.
forcing Wliitrttore to give a radio
show for a few moments. Some of
the attdiertcc arrived late and was
forced to scale the bleachers drtririg

Comedian James Whitmore
He brought Roosevelt, Rogers and Truman Io SUN YA ‘5 gym.

Whitmorc’s presentation.

Despite the obstacles. Whitntorc
received a standing ovation for ltis
performance. He announced he
would stay to atswer questions
from the audience and asked tltose
who wished to leave “not to feel
trapped". erert about half the au-
dience left and the house lights

 

carrte on, Wltitmore was absent. A
technical crew member announced
the actor was feeling ill and but.
left.

Nevertheless, Whitntore was r
success. As Will Rogers once said.
“i never meta man i didn't like," it
would be ltard to fiitd an observer
of Whitmore that didn‘t like him.

New Lobbying Group Formed
to Focus on Student Issues

by Alrrrt (htrdtier

in art effort to focus more atten-
tion on student issues. several stri-
dcrit groups have formed the Stri-
deut ()ignrii/irig l’toiccl (S'l'Ul’). a
lobbying group whose basic pun
pose is to edttcattc rtrrd otgnni/c
students on matters that conccrn
them. according to SA l’rcsidcnl
Strc (ioltl

STOP was originally 1i
brainstorm of (iold. who thought
that “a political nrrrr of the SA was
needed." which would have a
rrrorc widespread elfccl lllilil tltc
Student Action ('orttrrtittec. The
student groups who foritted S'l‘()l’
~— SA. SASU. ()('A. ASU, attd

NYPiRG »4 felt that if they all
pooled their resources they would
be able to attain a more massitc
ouir -nc|t to tltc students.

S'i‘()l"s first program will be a
major orgnni/ing conference on
Sunday in the Social Science
Building. Room 259. frotri 1—5 p.rtt.
Members of the various groups will
educate students about the issues
that affect them and will teach them
or tani/atiornrl artd lobbyittg skills.

According to STOP legislative
coordinator Debbie Wtrltlbcrg. iti-
tcrcsicd students will be divided iii-
to categories based on class year. in-
terest areas. courses of study and

Retroactive Class Dues to be C0llected

by Patricia Marietta

in order for students to receive
discotrrtts on senior class activity
week. Class of ’8] members must
pay retroactive dries dating back
four semesters. accordittg to Senior
Class President (iary Schntsky.

Scliaisky said this is tlte first tiriie
retroactive dues have ever been col-
lected. The proposal was rcccrttly
passed unanimously by thc Class of
'81 council.

“livery class has the same pro—
blem." Schatsky explained.
“Freshmen always pay their dues.
lint juniors and sophomores tlrittk
they cart get away witlrotrt paying."
Schatsky estimated that in the foirr
last semesters. at least ~10 percent of
the class has missed at least one
semester. “Since there are approx-
imately 2200 iii tltc class. you're
talking about and extra $25txl.” llt‘
said.

(.‘lrrs‘; dues. which were recently
raised frotn $2 to $3. amount to a
substantial part of the class budget.

Students may pay back titres this

semester with no penalty. Late
payments next semester, ltowever.
will cost an additional $1 fee. Schat—
sky added that it may be difficult to
pay back titres late next semester
because there “is always a last
ntirttrte rush."

After paying retroactive dues.
seniors will benefit front reduced
rates on senior week activities in~
eluding a Delaware River canoe trip
and trips to Montreal and Boston.
While last year‘s discounts oti tire
20 activities ranged from$i~$2. this
year‘s discounts will amount to
YRS—$7 for each evcitt.

Scniors should contact Class of
'lil ’l‘retrsur'er Brad Rotlrbatrrtt
through the SA office to pay brick
titres directly to the liutsnr‘s office.
"it will definitely pay to be a paying
member of the (‘lass of '81 ." Scinti-
sky said.

in addition. he said juniors,
should take note of this since the
('lass of '82 may also decide to im-
plement the new policy.

 

 

   

Senior (.‘lnss Prcsldenl (lur ' Schntsk

He and Class '8] Council volt'tlfor retroactive timer.

 

plintu: Mart “le

 

voting districts. By channeling them
in this manner. they will be able to
reach otrt to a larger rturttber of
students. “Once we are set tip."
Wtrltlbcrg said, “we will have a
resotrrcc center where ilte various
orgnniurtions will be able to get
ltelp with their projects."

On October 26-28. following the
cortfcrertce. STUP Week will be
held. during which tirrte students in—
terested in the program can sign up
to serve tltc legislative office. For
example. one program will involve
lobby training irt ilrc dorms.

“The office," said thltlbcrg. “is
going to set up a connnuriicatiorts
network of two students per dorm.
Tlle will try to reach otrt to as
rtirtrty students as they cart and get
tlrcrrt involved. All that we are go-
ittg to rtecd is a small sector of each
student's tirrte. maybe 45 minutes to
an hour."

“We will concern ourselves with
all tlte issues that lltc constituent
groups are involved iii. These iri-
cltrdc bus service. UAS. Student-
Faculty Senate. security, and
voting rights." Wahlberg added.

One of STOP's concerns, accor-
ding to Central Council Cltair Peter
Weiitstock. is funding for the new
program. “it’s tough to try and get
this goirtg when we're starting with
a base of nearly zero (dollars). A.
program like this cannot work
witlrotrt funds." Weirtstock and
Waltlberg are now writing pro-
posals to large corporations irt hope

of receiving grants from llterrt.
“Brit first," said Wcinstock. "we
need participation."

Waltlbcrg added that “the pro-
cess is cotrtplicrtted. btrt the pro-
spects are amazing. if we could
mobilize one-half of the students on
campus we would be increasing stu-
derri participation l.(X)0 fold. Wltert
our goals are realized. students will
be it cohesive and active entity that
will have to be reckoned with by
those in power."

 

 

 

