 

 

 

is“...

 

  

he Dance Theater of Harlem per-
formed at The Egg this past
weekend as another part of the Egg
Spectrum series. The program for Saturday
night opened with a classical ballet entitled.
Allegro Brilliante, choreographed by George
Balanchine to music by Tchaikovsky. A pro
gram note explains Balanchine's goal. He
describes this work as "a concentrated 'essay
in the extended classic vocabulary in which a
maximum amount of choreographic
development, contained In a rather restricted
area of time and space, accompanies the full
resources of the orchestra and solo piano."
The reason this note is quoted at length
here, is that it perhaps explains. in part, why
the piece was a bit on the dull side. it is an
unfocused romantic ballet that uses, or so It
seemed to my poorly trained eye. every
romantic cliche in the classical ballet book.

One so'rely misses a literary backbone with
Allegro Brilliante. It is a prancing. dainty
ballet, danced at close quarters around a
central couple; it keeps threatening to ex-
pand but never does. The dancers seemed
extraordinarily self-conscious about perform»
ing the piece. There is. of course. a certain
amount of acting involved in every forrtt of
dance. and the best being done in Allegro
was a lot of very nervous grinning. The facial
expressions set my teeth on edge. In sltort.
the Harlem Dance Theater. as a company,
did not seem at all comfortable with this par.
ticular ballet.

The second piece of the evetttg was a Pas
de Deus. entitled Le Corsaire. Tltis is a ballet
originally done in the i9th century. based on
a story by Lord Byron. it was restaged lot

L A h ttion

this company by Karel Shook, and has more
a life of Its own than Allegro Brilliante. The
principal dancers, Eddie Shellman and
Elena Carter seemed, at least. to be enioying
themselves. Each is very strong in his/her
own style, but they seem mismatched.
Shellman is a powerful fellow, very strong
and fluid In the upper body — and since
there is a good deal of acting required by the
story. he does well. Whenever he dances
with Carter, however, the extravagance of
his movements do not give way to what they
are doing together. She is a small dancer
with a very light step and touch; they simply
do not complement each other. although
each is very nice to watch in their solo
movements.

By the fourtlt piece. entitled Manifesto
tions. the group had clearly ntoved to what
they like best — modern (lance. Mani/estu-
tions is based on the story of Adam and Eve.
First we see a powerful, rippling, black
Adam. danced by Lowell Smith. giving up a
rib to create Eve. Stephanie Baxter scents to
emerge from his body as he collapses on a
mirrored platform with his back to the an
dience. Eve is an enchanting innocent
dancer, attired In a silvery leotard. She
romps about discovering in Adam's com-
patty — arid while the two are happily ex-
ploring the garden's treasures. the serpent
descends from above - upside down — on
an apple covered vine. As Paradise Lost is
Lucifer's poem, so Manifestations is the set-
pertt's dance. Mel Tomlinson is nothing less
than brilliant as the Snake. Tonilinson is a
very tall man who seems to have tto bonus,
His remarkable elasticity work so well for Ar-

I'error 'I'rain Simply

error Train. unlike Amtrak, runs or
game for most of its schedule. Like
Halloween. When A Stringer Calls

and their host of imitators. this is a simple.
unpretentious horror and suspense film. Utt
fortunately, the stab'ent-slash'em subgunru
which has been almost without exception
>rofitable for the past two years seems to

Jim Dixon

have peaked at the box office, Though better
than most of Its company. Terror Train isn't
doing too well at the box office.

lt's ironic. really, because one year ago ~
even five months ago. I would've said Terror
Train had all the elements of Instant success:
the premise Is that a lunatic with a knife. ax.
or other sharp-bladed implement of
dlsmemberment is stalking a group of young
students. The heroine Is Jamie Lee Curtis.
the star of Halloween. which started this
whole craze. And no one's heard of the
director. How could you go wrong? Prom
Night used the same ingredients. and made
a hit. And If anyone could make money off
of Prom Night. a halfway decent film should
send the box office receipts right through the
roof.

It isn’t happening though. and the pro-
blem is most likely that Terror Train is simply
late at the station,

The plot, as should be expected, is almost
simple-mlndedly uncomplex. A group of
freshman frat brothers pull a cruel hoax on a
fellow pledge. and unwittingly snap his
tenuous hold on sanity. He returns irt their
senior year, to wreak havoc and gain
revenge at a costume party held aboard a

chartered train. ’f‘he costume party theme

 

allows for a fairly clever plot gtmrntck - the
deranged killer dons the costume of the per
sort he's killed. arid so for some time the in
tended victims don't know who's dead and
who isn't.

The acting is nothing notable, except from
stars Ben Johnson and Jamie Lee Curtis.
who appear to be the only pros In a cast of
amateurs. And even if the cast were better.
the characterizations. as is typical itt liltits of
this type, wouldn't give Laurence Olivier and
Anne Bancroft much to keep busy with,

The plot arid acting aren't really the point
though. As any horror movie fan can tell
you, the point is to get the deranged maniac
on the train, or in the house. or wherever the
victims are. and let him kill off as many as he
can in the most interesting ways possible. At
this, Terror Train does do a better job than
most, At least the plot provides a fairly good
(at least better than average) reason why the
victims don’t simply call the police when they
know something's wrong. Since they're oii a
moving train In the middle of nowhere with
no radio, these kids ltave an excuse. The
photography. by John Alcott. who frequent
ly works for Stanley Kubrick. is much better
than usual for a lowvbudget horror film,

The direction. which usually makes or
breaks a horror filiit. isn't bad. Roger Spot-
ttswoode, who makes his directorial debut
here, does a competent job at keeping the
film moving and interesting, though the plot
is cliche enough at this point. that most au-
dience members will be able to see the high
points coming nonetheless. Unlike most of
his recent predecessors lit the genre, Spot-
tiswoode isn't afraid of gore, and makes
iudtCrous but effective use of it. In one se-
quence, the killer. who is wearing the

 _._».«»i.."llk§‘tlr:vt.s:r .

Aspects on Tuesday

 
  

«‘4 A. ummlwwwtu—t “mu—m..-“ __.................. . ... _ , ..

 

 

thur Mitchell‘s choreography that one Is left
as entranced as Eve. Tomlinson becomes
the snake.

The last dance Is entitled Troy Games. It
uses a dozen of the company's men in what
is a very funny spoof on the competitive
vanity of the lock. in this number, the acting
is exuberant and self-assured. There is a lot
of muscle flexing and strutting around the
stage but these more static movements
always melt itito something fast and volatile,
like a chase. What is most remarkable is the
way such a large number of dancers can do
things individually (iii the stage, then come
together for a group effort and simply
dissolve again without making the audience
the least bit conscious of the mechanics iri-
volved. One parlicuarly good sample of this
occurs when two of the men take an
awkward position. buttressittg themselves
against each other One by one, others join
in. until they have a crazy living pyramid.
Then the dancer on the very bottom winks at
the audience and pulls out, leaving the
whole structure still intact. Several of the
dancers do brief solos within Troy Games.
and this Works beautifully since the entire
piece is about ego. One of the smaller
dancers. Joseph Cipolla, does a hilarious bit,
satirizing his own position as the only white
boy iii the first string. The music, by Bob
Downes. seems to be a Brazilian-African
hybrid. bursting with energy, and it is just
that. Add dancing to it. and a hell of a good
lltliL‘ is had by all.

Ultimately. Saturday turned itito a liigltly
satisfying evening of dance. .

Larry Kinsman

costume of his last vtctim. is brought into a
sleeping car by one of the fraternity's more
attractive carttp followers. The killer begins to
get into some R»r.'tted fondling. The girl
closes her eyes. remarking about his "cold
hands," When she looks dowrt. she finds
herself staring at the dismembered hand of
the student she thought she was making love
to, By keeping the camera above her bust
until the last minute, Spottiswoode adds a
perfect shock to cultirnate the suspense. (We
knew it was the killer the wltole time.)

Tension Train would have
been a silly title.

 

A few well-done sequences like this go a
long way. but Terror Train still produces
more tension than terror. (But then, Tension
Train would have been a silly title.) Also, like '
Prom Night arid some other less frightening
horror films. Terror 'l'rain telegraphes the
killer's identity iii a prolgue. arid gives him
enough of a motive to generate sympathy
front the audience. As soon as the audience
can feel some synipatlty for the killer, he
Won't be as frightening (And making so
many of the victims pre~ttted students is a
bad move too. no one likes pre-med
students anyway. they're apt to root for the
killer.) This sort of thing seems to be a
chronic problem with Canadian horror films
art : you'd tlttrtk that after awhile they'd cleari
up their act.

As It's apt to be the last of its kind for
awhile. you might go see this if you're a fan
of the stab'ernslash’eins, The genre may
join trains themselves as an outmoded form
of transport.

f Pelyrocp

6“,
~ Roll
. ‘IaSSlG

t conies in a plain brown wrapper.
but don't be fooled. Like so many
other things packaged that way.
this album ts hot. exciting. and makes you
crimp with delight. After the first listen. l was.
in love. After the sec nd i was addicted

Suzanne Gerber

 

October 21, 1930'

IOctober 21, .1980

 

 

To ride the crest of any new wave, it takes
a band with more to offer than just a catchy
name or danceable songs with clever lyrics, it
takes a band of many talents.
In ancient Creek. the word for "much" or
"many" was polys. Most of us could Supply a
working definition for "rock," Combine the
two and what've you got? Only one of the
newest, most palpitating dynamos of a rock
band to emerge this year: Polyrock.
As the name implies, Polyrock is main,-
things to many people. To punk Syllipttlli its,
it's non-paralled music for dancing frillll
drinking and driving and
reading, . .). To non-partisan ()llit‘h it
ranges from yeah, so? to delicious And to
my AACM-oriented friends who support Iln‘
notioti “rock is dead," Polyrock ts i’L'Dt'IiIit in.
and repetitive. Not to mention redundant
And these people know and respuit l‘lt:ltp
Glass in other contexts,

Ah, Glass: The man who, with tiiiiii m
poraries like Steve Reich, Terry May and
LaMonte Young. gave the World Ihu mtv
genre, minimalism; the man who l\‘.i|lt
Robert Wilson) Is responsible for tin» «lasur
contemporary opera, Einstein on the lit-tit it,
who's influenced countless followers latituin
them, Bowie and Eno) with his column for
"the grammar of music (and) llit‘ \Urit,‘ ii in-
together."

Along with Kurt Munkacsi lsottnd tItt.-. on
the album version of Einstein). (ilttss ltt‘r
duced this album and plays keyboards I Hi at
He's studied music in plat-us ranging from
the U. of Chicago to the .iulliard School to
Himalayan villages. He began composing
seriously iii the early 1900's and has ‘iiiitt‘
earned a high regard within the \‘ttliltith
musical strata.

Through a more 1/7 of l’olytor it, trim»
contribution to the band's (Wt'liill sound i on
not be ignored. His previous itt'lllt".l'lit«’iil»
in minimalism (sometimes mllwi “tmnt .»
music") are reflected throughout lltl‘ .tllmm
Perhaps the most overriding chant: ti'ttstiv lif
minimalistic music is what Robert l'rllitii‘i |..t»
described as the rieetlle~stttck ttt iltl‘ iitiw‘ v‘
sound. But this effect serves to ii’lvi'- Ili»
listener. and to focus his attention on thr
subtle variations attd movemunts lk‘illttti .i
given piece.

“Your Dragging Feet" is the bust t').ttttiitl-‘
of this technique, With a pace that flow-t lzlw'
molasses, this song gives the impression that
it's been heard somewhere before, its lwvtlil'.‘
lies lit the crystalline vocals wtthout lytii‘v
and in the delicate tape editting tltot givw. it”:
song a haunting, rainy Sunday riflt'lltinill
quality.

if i can say so witltout sounding ltku ‘vttttll‘
RCA sales rep. the rest of the album I‘» tout
star stttff. “No Love Lost" is a biting iHi but.
distinctly Polyrock. though occasionally in
inging to mind Robert Fripp Ki (To

"Body Me" follows suit and imp. tun
jumping. with a punching rhytltnt and will
effects a la B625. (1 la VL’ttIurus You'll lilitl
yourself dancing almost in spite of WWW”
“Romantic Me" will probably l)t‘ lllt' big
radio hit. As the first cut on Still! A w vilv‘ii
does, “Romantic Me" has that tight, \u‘ll
rehersed sound that just seems inti'nili‘il l"!
heavy airplay.

The bartd itself consists of six unluW-‘JH
musicians and Philip Glass The iii-.ttmitwiitu
range from the traditional (guitar. dillm‘n
plano) to the less-expected‘tlto lit'l ititiiiiii
standard devices of L’lL’ClrUIltr/ll'i'lttttt nub
lbyntltesixer. "electronics." "ha-is mm ltiili"'l
From the first chord to the last, ilii‘t album
will seize your attention itilll will filttlilltllltili‘
your energy. 1 suggust you litpt' it copy now
for when your grooves stint wettrinil 'l‘” ('I‘

eating and

   
 

 

 

 

 
 

‘ arid file it under "A"  for "always 0

 

  
 

M ._._....... M.--

 

 

 

 

Aopecto on

 

 

Tuesday

W ' ‘ '
Y (antinuatlon Of

A Runaway American Dream

ii an age at mega-media promotions
it would be very easy for the rriyth
behind a performer to overshadow
him, but it would be as much a
challenge for the star to live up to the pro-
mises and not let the audience down. Bruce
Springsteen. the myth. has been placed in

‘Fton Levy

the shoes of the savior of roclfthe answer to
what every concert and party was missing,
and the hope for all of the hot rod
desperados anxiously turning the dial as they
idle at the light.

The more incarnate side of the man hasn't
let us down. The River really Isn't anything
new. it's almost predictable, but the subtleties
and small innovations are enough to make it
worthwhile. it Is the logical next step in Sprr
ingsteen's career. when a formula for success
has been found and can be refined without
becoming repetitious. And it is certainly the
most cheerful of his albums; the words and
harmonies show that some of the comforts of
fame have had their effect oti Bruce's mood.
He's not as bitter towards his roots as he
once was, and certainly not as reflective as in
his last album.

The countdown for the release of The
River began two weeks after Darkness On
the Edge of Town catne out. Springsteen
opened a national tour arid the word spread
that a live double album was on its way, He
was putting on some of the' best stage shows
ever seen. and perhaps the brain trust itt
L.A. thought that they had a winner.

Perhaps they thought twice.

There would have been two insurmoun-
table obstacles to producing Bruce in a con»
cert album. First, the Boss' show is his show.
The live music is OK, but the fans were
paying to see the atttics w clowning with
Clarence. walkuig into the audience. being
carried off in a strut-b" , 1'
cher A and a vinyl'. 1
version could not ever

 

 

re-t‘ruate tliot rttootl.
To the contrary, it
tttigltt he the end of a. ‘
career. as has been ‘
the result of n number,‘
of live albums.

Second. beginning ‘
iii the late summer of
1978. the bootleg
ttiat'kvt was flooded
with basement -. =

Meow

ast Thursday. Betsy Rose and
gCathy Winter, and the lzquietdtt
Ensemble appeared at Page llitll,
iii it concert sponsored by Albany State's
Feminist Alliance. It was no accident that the

Alliance was heavily involved. as the theme
)f the concert was undoubtedl WOMAN,

 

l

Laurel Solomon

Betsy and Cathy have been regulars iti lltt‘
Albany area for the past year~andva-half.
although they'll be leaving shortly to begin a
national tour. Their music is meant for the
modern woman. she who has felt oppressed
httt is coming into her own. They play up the
absurdness of many of the stereotypic roles
which women are expected to take on

 

ln “l'm Settled". they tell the story of it
friend of theirs who had no intention of get-
ting married. yet felt deprived in that all of
her other female relatives. upon their mar-
riage (Le. being settled) received heirlooms
from relatives which site. at age thirty. didn’t
receive because site wasn‘t "settled". To
compensate, on her thirtieth birthday slu-
sent little cards to all of her relatives announ-
cing that she was officially settled. and they
could send her heirlooms, A cute story. yet
with important connotations, and handled itt

Pix of'the week: Be sure not

 

masters of Springsteen in concert. Points of
origin included the Capital In Passalc.
Cleveland and the Roxy in LA. Radio sta-
tions were climbing over each other to
broadcast a "Bruce Springsteen Live
From .... ." For a year it seemed as if
everyone had a tapedeck and a date with his
stereo to copy another concert. With so
much of a glut on the market. a Bruce Spr-
ingsteen Live Without anything radically dif-
ferent would be a complete flop.

And so Bruce went back to the studio. He
promised us “independence Day" and
“Point Blank" would be on the new album.
but these sounded as if they were tracks from
Darkness: they had a slow tempo and sadly
retnitiiscetit lyrics, These weren't the fun
songs that we'd grown accustomed to in
Greetings front Asbury Park arid The Wild,
The Innocent, and the E Street Shut/lo. He
performed “Because the Night'tand "Fire."
but these had been redone as covers by Patti
Smith attd the Pointer Sisters. respectively,

Twa other songs that were part of the last
tour were left unaccounted for. all the others
ltaving been either previously released or
resurrections of old James Dean era tunes,
These were "Sherry Darling" and “Drive All
Night." The former, a dancing rocker that
could easily be from two decades ago, was
an occassinniil live feature. Its lyrics would be
obnoxious if the music wasn't so distracting:

The latter snttg was part of a hyptiutizing
ten-minute medley that tnigltt make “Drive
All Nigltt" hard to distinguish On each side
of it was a slower, more soulful “Backstreels”
that. with this addition. became more of a
story than a song “Drive All Night" was the _
dream sequence. the memory of what went
on behind the scenes of the earlier release.

The accounts are settled now, as these last
two holdouts are on The River. “Sherry
Darling" being the second cut. and "Drive
All night" being the second front last.
 a, t - m,mmw, W.

 

 

: t

    
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
    

Ill) Cffill'ilvi' lTlillllllIr.

To soy that lltt' audience was enthusiastic
is an understatement. The illl(liL’itCU was part
of the show tn that there was a close affinity
between tht-ttt and the performers, What
struck nu: its litthttt' was the way that all
responsibtlitu‘s were shared on stage. Some
songs were performed acappella. others with
two guitars, and others still with either bass
and piano or bass and guitar. The two
Women alternated according to where their

strength lay. First, Betsy played bass while'

Cathy played guitar. then Cathy played bass
and Betsy played piano. The close friend
ship of the two women and their love for
each other was always evident.

The music of Cathy Winter and Betsy
Rose is emotionally charged, full of life, but
tinged with a vague sadness, They are very
sensitive, flndittg joy arid beauty In all
aspects of life; yet. recognizing the struggles
which life entails. especially if one Is female,
their folk-based tntistc is a bit utipolished.

lzquierdn is a unique concept. Their
music. iti their own words, is
"woman-birthed music iii an original style ln~
financed by rock. Latin, and folk traditions",
but i found it to be much more than that, The
group consists of four women. seemingly led
by Naomi Littlcbear Martinez, the guitarist
and main songwriter.

to miss the all new Ultravox

   

A cinematic presen-
tation by the people
that brought us the No
Nukes concerts of a
year ago was released
this summer. Though,
in feet of film. both
Graham Nash and
Jackson Browne out-
played Bruce Springs-
teen, the reviewers
and even the pro-
moters were banking
on Bruce's popularity.
it seemed almost ab-
surd that for playing a
ten-minute bit part In
a two-hour movie,
one batid stole the
show. it was opening
night on Second and
63rd Street, two-
thousand thun-
derstorm-soaked
viewers iti ati alr-
condttioned theater.
arid the only noise

from the audience
was a constant
“Brucing” of the

“warnrup” acts. Can'
you imagine the effect :,
if Springsteen ever got
together with Lou
("Loon") Piitiella?
The album lrotn No
Nukes didn't contain
anything that was really unexpected. The E
Street Band's version of “Stay” ltad more
pop tliatt Jackson Browne's. but choosing
between the two is a matter of personal
preference. “Devil With the Blue Dress
Medley." which had been the closing song
throughout Springsteeti's tour. did not offer

  

6

 

    
    

J. — [44.1.11 n h‘
Bel-y ﬂour and Cathy Winter.
—Thc|r show consisted of two sequences,
one about violence done to the earth, and
the other about violence done to women.
Their music encompasses tnatty styles. rang-
tng from primeval tribal chants to rock ‘n roll.
Their entire presentation is very clever,
employing simple tlteatrtcs to enhance the
overall effect, Although their attitudes seem
almost Jaded at times. there Is quite a bit of
sensitive‘emotian In their music. like Betsy
Rose's and Cathy Winter's music, only it is
concealed beneath a calm. disinterested ex-
' terIor, An example of tltts Is a song in the first
sequence called "Acid Rain". about wasted

Out of Albury and back into the limelight. Bruce & Co
have retumad to the concert troll. On Friday: The Riven,
(Photo: Rich Schenkmnn)

 

  
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

anything really new — especially at the price
of buying an otherwise sluggish three-record
set.

And so we waited. There would be a new
rumor almost every week: The album Is call-
ed. The Ties That Bind, . . . The lead vocals
to one song are done by Steve Van Zandt
, . . The title of the album is Point Blank . . .
The album will be out iti August . . . "You'll
have the album by Monday. I promise . . ."

Not all of the rumors were wrong, though.
The River. by necessity. became a double
album, Four cuts had been played on tour
and twu of them. independence Day" and
"Point Blank." alone could almost fill one
side. Add “Sherry Darling" and “Drive All
Night." and there would be room for, at
tnost four new cuts. Instead. he has sent us'
up the river with twenty original songs

What it way to go. 0

To be continued on Friday

Beverly Hills residents getting off on the Ig-
nited rainfall descending oti tltetn. the result
of chemical pollution. With a pretty. relaxed
melody. if one is not listening. the sad. angry
tone of the song can be entirely missed,

The lzquierda Ensemble's music Is a bit
more sophisticated than that of the first
group. They experiment with sounds. the
pianist occasionally striking the strings Inside
the instrument directly rather titan using the
keys. and the percussionist using unusual In-
struntents to create the desired effect. Naomi
is a very diverse instrumentalist, able to
create Interesting effects. play rock 'n roll.
and then stand alone on stage with an
acoustic guitar and sound like Joni Mitchell.
The four of them vocaltze well together,
creating intricate harmonies and moods
along with them. A very distinctive sound
emphasizing, of course. woman. They, too.
make fun of women's traditional roles,
although perhaps a bit more sardontcally
than Rose and Winter. They are angrier and
a bit less ioyous.

Allin all, i feel that the concert was an Im—
portant event for Women, as It created a
bond of shared feelings that Is not often
enough expressed. it anything, it created an
outlet for emotions and provided for some
Important tltltiktttg on the part of the au-
dience. as well as a fun evening. ‘9

Wednesday'at J.B. Scotts

 

