      

< r
i t
i l
t ,3

i

2
‘r t
 “t
‘3 t
g l

 

 

Fewer: Us Against Them Mom

1 it’s 1:30 am. on Saint Patrick’s Day mor- etc., they will see the pointlessness oftheir in-
ning and l find myself sitting in the tunnel tcrcsts, where all tltat greed has gotten them.
leading to the nuclear fallout shelter near They will cry and the worst of them will wish
campus pondering our future. This nuclear that they, too, could have died an honorable
fallout shelter was designed to protect those death: protesting the war moves, tearing
who manipulate our lives. Those that will down those special interests, refusing to sup-
start the wars of ﬁnal destruction have con- ' port the war. and then to be killed by that
structed massive underground facilities, so war. or by those who paid to prevent you
that when their actions start wiping out the from accomplishing tltose goals. All they cart
masses, they can “go underground." literal- wislt is to have becontc one of war‘s victims,
ly, and protect their lives. because no one can win a nuclear war, the

it is so foolish of them. Who would they real losers arethey, those wlioowrt the liotnes
exploit if everyone died but the exploiters?_ on the Riviera. Tlte lavish clothes, the cor-
Don't they realize that the post-nuclear class poratioiis, power and ttiottey, it will all be
structure will be titled with cut tltroat cont» worthless, all negligible, when they coiitc out
petitors with a ruthless desire for power arid of the shelter with teit pounds of rice. 3 can
money and the ntorals to stop at ttotliiiig, of hearts, the clothes on their backs, and no
even a nuclear holocaust. to obtain them? way to get any more.

They are foolish to believe their own rhetoric

that they cart "win" a ituelear war. Evert if

the shelters ntiraeulousry survived the air
tacks, ltow Would they reconstruct the
radiated, decimated, ruined Earth? A Mar—
shall Plait maybe?! Tlte world left to tliciii

They will then realize why we resisted, why
we dissented, what we were warning tlictti
about. They will cry for its, for we were the
brave. the true patriots, for we were the ones
who sliotild have had the power all along.
would be of their owrt making. That is why we iittist'olitaiii that power, to

l wouldn't waiit to survi " a nuclear war, prevent those men from crying, to continue
but l'd want tltosc top decisioti makers to the " itlt for tile ttittkittiuin benefit of socic~
survive. Once they see tlte ruiti atid dgstruc- ty. l-"or afterwards, all that will be left are
tiott they have caused, itt tltc nttineofpiol‘its, those crying decision makers, who ittadc tltc
markets, spheres of influence, aggression, wrong decisions, tititc and tittic again.

 

 

 

  

Quote-Unquote

To the Editor:

This letter concerns the solicitations which
took place on the lttdian Quad dining room
line Wednesday nigltt. i would like to say im-
mediatcly that l ant itot against the cause
itself, but the methods to gain the cause. The
solicitation read as follows: “. . . Early
Saturday morning, Mr. Vance called Mr.
Mchnry and told hint to VOTE lN FAVOR
of the resolution as written . . ."

Wlicit “. . ." is used, it is meant to shorten
arid not'alter the meaning of the phrase. The
solicitation did, in fact. mislead the readers
wtli this sentence because as the sentence goes
on to say, iii the N. Y. Titties — May 5th,
 .. but to express the [1.3. reservation
about a. paragraph calling on lsracl to
dismantle-the existing settlements . . ."
Without furnishing the quote on tltc
solicitation, the meaning implied by the
J.l).L, is incorrect. The background of this
organization and wltat I see for myself is that
they liglii for a decent cause iii an overly
violent manner.

The cause may be justified, yes. but the
non-kosher solutions are tiol acceptable. Tilt:

people who sigitcd this solicitation, obvious-
ly, do not care.

-— Harold Jacobs

 

Are Equal Rights Really Equal?

With the continual rise of the Women's l.

big it than.

Off On A Tangent

o the Editor:
While reaching for air ASP this past Tues-

 

Movcincnt on catitpus, l ant dismayed to
note that the methods of the sttpcr feminists
are actually scorned. Just because these
Women accomplish nothing arid ate iii tio
way advancing the Women’s Movciitetil is no

lint don't scoff at them. They really try so
tiztrd. 'l’ltcit‘ ntost tccent accotitplishment to
forward the Women’s Movement is the
display of buttons witti tltc catchy slogan.

day, i noticed a new piece of nit-campus
reading material — namely, Tangent. Conse-
quently, a large discrepancy arose out of
what l expected and what was actually con-

“Wotticn Against Nukes" to cry that not ill]-
ly is tltc woman downtrodden, she is now
becoming radioactive. How can one fail to
admire the humility and martyrdom? Society

reason to condemn them. i fch these women [a
should get credit for at last trying. They
mean well, poor disillusioned souls.

These super feminists firmly believe that
making a commotion over semantics is ac-
tually goittg to titakc tlteiii equal to men. of
cottrse wotiieti are socially cqtral to tiicrr

,witliottl having to say “peisoiiltole coter"
btrt strangely enough, the super feminists
"cfttsc to accept this. Sojust ptit tip \\llll tlicit
l'rivolity.

Let them give tip their femininity to make‘
statement. They have at point when they sttv
that men don't have to s avc tlicit legs but

it
will swallow licr pride and fight valiantly to 1:,

sttw society, rcgtiidlcss ol‘ the other half of

To
the litiititttt t. c.

 

V Don‘t condemn the super feminist as she pt
tights tip it cigttt because she just doesn't ed
ts'ttll/L‘ that try lighting for social equalin for “1
women, she is admitting inequality. Sltc
doesn‘t realize that punching a mint iii tltc
farce \thcn he holds the door open for her is
' ' ttttl doittg anything to iniprotc the ioliticztl
S‘TﬁltlI1:lfl'ilttin’cfhtz‘cwctlI' citri'tliigs. yt'rttlknowl tllltl't'L'tIlIttllllL' picture of notiictt. SllL'ltltlL'Sll'l
I ‘l . I“ _ t ’ pool st'ssls bttttgs \tlio realize that she is urtktioittttgly causing the
at .ll‘llttl the gurse ol lctiitmsts, actually Women‘s Movement to go bttckw'trds
 lllls'll' “Willi”! llillll)’ ill'lll' This small handful of nctttcrs Cil‘lt'l give all
"ctnaiicipttlitni foLi‘  iil'tilmmmlmm' H mm mum" w [my mum“

I ‘ i U i‘ ' ' ' r '

J'l society" is going to pttt an end to harmful llcllll;  Thiziilltitiiil-
, LI‘ I“ r s y ,. .r. . . ' S
of; 53.17.531.33‘ii;..."l§i‘.i..fESTER?"Till}? “if” ‘1’” """v   "‘°"' "'“" M“
cqttill'thtlittlt has'enough confidence itt lici llcl iiiillllillultllliﬁlst'ifﬁ'iiliiililflil llll'l :"mi"cfc N”.
equality to be distinct from their. 'l'ltcy lime silly because they" ' I" l“ ( M “1E gmcmuy
mistaken being eqttal to a man with lieconi- daiirntzc ~ yct - d t

in
ov

\H

“U
hit
of
op

hits crushed Woman to the ground, but she w

incd iii this magazine.
Perhaps I was taken iii by the overall

progressive-lookittg cover or the belief that

was to be at journal of “creative” writing.
ell, l was proved wrong oit botli accounts.
rt' what l thought wottld be an upbeat, in-
rtittttivc, attd ttp-to-tlate magazine turned

out to be nothing more than an extremely

tr-l'einitiist handout. Other than the
itoruil written by Tcrittitiic Falcone, this
itcrtity" endeavor failed to cotitettd with

the many controietsial issues that affect its

rw. Not that pttrl'cttiittisl articles sltottld lrc
Ul'ltttlkctl, but why the saturation of only

this type of c\pose'.‘ lt evcit bordered on inor—
btdity, wttlt its tripe statistics which cart be
secti or heard iii any newspaper or newscast. l

is under the impression that l was going to

lttid creative prose, light articles, and perti~

nt editorials. not the harsh subjective opi-
riis of a fen biased others. This collection i
short stories and poems sounded just as
pressing as the discritninntiort they were

describing (in the saute vcitt, why not inclttdc
' I ‘ dissetttitig opiniotts'.’).
it t doitig any serious \

l t . ,.. . '
\lr.iiuci ‘t.trtgctit' these writers have gone

 

Nancy Diinlop 0“

"on, t do not wish to follow, turd ttn-

doubtcdly, it is no wonder
Tcrianne Falcoth is
“Editor-in-Grief".

 

tlS It) why
d it b bed

— Debbie Seaiiiitri

Apathy Kills

To the Editor:

Last Wednesday night I attended rhi- ('en.
tral Council meeting to see what actions they
would take against the people who \\t_'tc in.
volved in the SA. election scandal. I tell they
chose to take an action that had the end
result of being only a slap on the trust. lit the
proceedings, Central Council rie\cr tettllygot
to the issue of dealing with the ttL'cItst'tl. In.
stead they put the ASI’ on trial by tilttllt‘tlg-
ing its legitimacy.

lwettt to the meclittg thinking that SA. it
a government that is closer to me ttt lt'llll‘r ot
accessibility to its members than any other
governttient cart be. bttt iii reality in tttttlrci
aivay frorn me than any other gotcrrrntcnt
cart be as far as morality. i felt otii ot plntt-rrr
the meeting because it was the SA. thrinc'r
owrt ball aitd ballgame. Central (‘ottrrcrl ll:ttl
already set the rules and acted ortt tltc role. ot
the players themselves. They put on it lllLL‘
show for us.

It is too late in the year to put 1ttt\ tittl‘tll
tuent pressure on the playets to \soil. rurthtrt
their set of rules arid come ottt with the tight
decision. They ltave played the game the)

' wanted for too long, and it is too lttlv ltrt
them to change iiow. Maybe we can slldllt‘t.‘
the players iii the next election, but I tlorr'r
know if we cart change the gairrc.

AFTER ALL, WHO Kll.l.l:l) llll i.l \
NEDYS?

l'l" WAS JUST YOU AND L

REMEMBER THAT Al'/\ I ll)’ l.ll l S
US ALL.

47 lltttrk lhrtrrlrh-

Open-Nukeness

To the Editor:

NYl’lRU and Speakers linrcttu .tir to In
commended for bringing to tile t'tllllltll ltrr
trard Cohen, an eminent physicist “how rrlrr
nuclear power views are itrrt slittrr'rl l‘»
NYl’lRU. At a time of csccsshc strc on
vocationalisni, it is refreshing to t'lltllllll“l
students actively concerned \\ill| l.tt~rr
issues, attd doing so iii the spirit or a l’t'lllllllt’
s 'ttrch for information,

Unfortunately NYl’lRU's tiDL'tlllL'H'r rllrl
not extend to the ASI’ reporter who t‘tr\cll'tl
the March 5 debate between (‘oherr and lolur
Cutro. Directly contrary to the ASI‘ \cr turn.
Cohen (/itl discuss nuclear waste tlispo~-tr| ttml
(lid tiictttioti solar power (and gtrtc tint-no
for dismissing it as a viable tttt'tlllr o1
generating electricity in this century). llr-r \-
who wish more information on tittclctti \\;l m

disposal might look upLohen‘saiticlcs irr lllt'

 

  
 

 

 

 

  
  

  

     
   
      
      
          
       
       
     
      
   
   
    
   
     
     
   
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
 
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
     
   
    
  
    
       
  
   
    
 
 
   
   
 

_.. ‘anggnz-’ ,59’17 .

   

 

 

November, 1978 P y. Cohen did
not assert that nuclear power is “safe”,
without qualification. He said that it was
safer than any alternative. arid he even cited
studies by ,opponents of nuclear power to
prove this point. While Cohen did cite 1.8
cents per kilowatt hour as the current cost of
electricity generated by nuclear power, the
figure of 2.4 cents was for coal (not for oil as
the ASP reported). The cost of oil generated
electricity is 4.5 cents per kilowatt hour, a
figure the ASP omitted.

Having garbled Cohen's arguments and
criticized hint for avoiding topics that he did
discuss, the ASP credits "physicist" John
Ctttro with a “technical presentation of
scientific ternts". Cutro’s presentation was in
fact embarrassing even to ltis friends,
especially in the question and answer part of
the debate. The ASP correctly quotes Cutro
as saying that in l970, there were six tests of
the emergency core cooling system, all of
which failed. Cohen’s answer, not reported
by the ASP, was that the l97t) tests would not
fairly be called failures, and that the system
has more than done its intended job iit subse-
qtient tests —— including several iii November,
I‘)7ti. (Cutro scented unaware of these subsc-
qttettt tests). For a non-technical account of
these tests see Samuel McCrackett's articles iii
the June, 197‘) and September, l977 Corri-
IIlt‘Il/ul'y.

Sittccrely yours,
Malcolm Sherman
Department of Mathematics and Statistics

Quiet 1'00 Long

in the Editor: .

I feel as a student of this University tltal l
have been qtiict for too long. It’s along stari-
ding fact that many of the procedures of this
college are not ntade obvious to the students.
ltt particular, l'tn cottcerticd over the condi-
iiotr of the Puerto Rican Studies Department.

I tllll absolutely disgusted with the ad-
:triiiisiratioii for the following reasons. i have
liccrr tl studettt iit this department for the past
four years, taking classes \\llll both Professor
.llttltl A. Silcii and Professor lilitt
('lnistciisen. it goes witliottl saying that l’ro»
lessor Juan Angel Silcri should not only be
reinstated its a professor, btrt also its
chairperson. ‘

I would like to know why tlrcadntinistra-
tioii felt it was appropriate for students to he
“'llllUlH any professor fora iitoittli nhcn Prov
l'cssor Christensen was takett sick only to
replace her with someone from liilittguitl
lidticatioti. ttot evcn consulting another pt'tr«
l'essot‘ iii the Pttcrto Ricttri Studies Depart-
tnent; second, why they felt it appropriate to
place Dr. Frank l'oguc iti its acting chairpcr»
sort, also not of the l’ttcrto Ricttn Stitdics
Depttt'liiient and third, recently Dean Show.
who is it professor of the Anthropology
Department-riot Pttcrto Rican Studies. lam

 

         
 

 

l

aor TO Pew w
AgiEDHOtt v 5‘”

HARVE
ousqtoaepoc
or/s ’.

otento
mortars! ,
\ t

‘

 

l?
E
ii
i?
F

  

E
ii

 

 

 

 

 

  

95/06
Aélkié '
em as.

   

I HATE [Sr/GU

rrfm’ie
@

Zr

NW
1
0k)

\

  

 

.. .. nlmssaw‘w-w aura-"mew. tit-its.

Itisrrmenrtaem "’t

 

June, l‘)77 American and the

 

“>7 For m Mia-w

 

 

 

not doubting Professor lilitt (‘hiistcnseit's il-
lness, but it seems to me tlittt if it professor is
taken ill it's only professional cottrtesy to
blace someone else from the .ru/rtc depart-
tttetit iii charge.

if anyone concludes that I am it militant
strident. l am not. If anyone thinks i am
Pttcrto Rican and “sticking up for my own
kind," I'm not.

I tuna student of this university who is ex—
tremely tired of seeing good professors leave,
arid not always of their own choice.

Sincerely,
Stisttti A. DcWitt

Injustice To Levy

To the Editor:

As a pcrsott who has attended many ('cti-
trttl Council meetings this ycttt’, I feel tltc heed
to write coticeriiiitg one erroneous impressto‘n
left by the article concerning ('ouncrl is
debate about the resignation of four ol its
members.

Despite the /lSI"s
coverage of the recent scandal, i feel the tie-
lions of one lllL‘ltlltcl', (‘onticil ('lritir Mike
lizvy were over—looked. and ltrt)v(]lllt.'l<ly
grouped with tltc three main participants to

otherwise excellent

 

Unlike the other three members iii ques-
tiott, Mr. Levy did state at the beginning of
the meeting that ltis inaction was wrong and
that he felt a great deal‘of remorse for that iti-
aciion during the whole incident.

Further, by asking for a vote of cott-
fidence, Mr. Levy was the only officer to ac-
tively ask Council for support and pct'itiission
to stay. i believe he said that he called for the
confidence \ote wanting “people to tell me to
stay with a positivc yes, rather than losing a
vote telling me to resign." This route is ritttclt
more courageous than the one chosen by Mr.
Weiiistock, Mitcltcll, and Lafayette.

liy winning his vote of confidence 24-3,
Council proved their overwhelming support
of Mr. Levy.

To place Mike Levy among these other
tltrcc trien iii terms of their actions would be
air ironic final injustice iii a long, sad story.

Sincerely,
.lttiiies Mct‘ttithy

Thanks

To the Editor:
On behalf of the stuff ol 'l'elctlioii ‘80, vre
would like to express otit appreciation to the
ASP and especially Debbie Kopf for helping
us throughout the year.
The ASI’ has graciously given its coverage
of ottt major ctcnts its well as ovct $300
worth of free tltl\L‘tllSitll’.
Support like yours has helped Telethon

 

becotne the great success it is.
('att't with ‘til l‘clcthori ‘lill
HL'lll Setter

Linda l-‘ischol'cr

and the Staff of l'clcrhon ‘80

The Fed Is Dead

To the lidltor:
Our oticc powerful and mighty Federal
Reserve System is now on the brink of
disaster. Tlte Fed, as it is widely known, is
our nation's central banking system and has
the responsibility for all moncinty policy.
The l’ed's member banks now number
5,45tllint that number is tapidlyshtinkittg. lit
the past five years over 300 banks have tcr~
initiated tlicit memberships. As for the
future: it is rumored that (ilk) more banks are
iii the considering stage and it they leave

more are sure to "pack it in" and follow.
The cause for this severing of ties is simple;
ittoiiey. Member banks are required to keep if
certain percentage of their deposits iii cash
reserves wltctt, during this time of inflation
and ltiglr interest rates, investments such its
treasury bills and money market cetttltctrtes
would payoff iii increased profits. | ttst May,
when one ltirgc batik withdrew its li‘) milltoii
itt reserves from the system, profits increased
by $300,000.
'l’cderal Rcservc (‘httirtnttn l’unl Vokker
calls this trend “serious and insidious" tllttl'IS
pushing for passage of legislation now iii
Congress llltll would enact “lVltItltltlltll‘y
Reserve Requirements for most litizmcrttl Ill-I
stitutions (including those banks not a pint ol
the Federal Reserve System). M
This legislation would, iii effect, rinlltly the
edge that non-Fed btorks now possess and

make it unprofitable trot to belong. I
it is extremely important, cvetrinipertitive,
that this lcgislatiotr be passed wtthoul delay
as a Federal Reserve System without delay 
a l’edcral Reserve System witliotil titctitbcrs is
one witltottt any power over the. Irrational
money supply, its prime responsibility »— in
effect the lied Would be dctid.
David W. Mant/

 

 

 

 

We’ll Win This Yet
As the first signs of spring breeze in, smiles are markedly evident around the campus, at
least they seem ntore real, and this is nice. And, typical of all spring beginnings, minds tend to
race backwards into naive yet important pasts.

My mind was obsessed when it belonged to a skinny kid of ten. He played baseball every
day after school. without fail, and lived in a serene dreamworld. 'Causc he was Bobby
Murcer, a star center-fielder for the Yankees. And be worshipped him, dayand night, both on
and off the field. They were one. Nobody could ever take that away from him. Not even four
big kids being blown to bits on some distant campus. Not even Daddy dying of cancer..And
certainly not some thoughts of girls, or wars, or drafts, orjobs, or education. They d wait un-
til the niittd matured. And then hit him with it. And i guess it’s 0.K. But did they have to take
Bobby Mttrcer iii exchange? , I

The US. was founded. and molded. and continues to grow due to her people speaking, and
writing, uprising, and striking. Things are usually shaken enough ’til they begin to work pro-
perly. Arid that's the way it has to be. I ,

So we bitch about corruptness in our student government. and how they ve gotten away
with it. About corrupt vendirtg machines that continue to eat our. money, and how they ve
gotten away with it. About chains that bar the use of outdoor stairs when hardly a ﬂake ol
snow falls all winter. But students hopped over them anyway. They ltad classes to make, Cod
bless them. About packing students into buses like sardines; students who have turned into
savages as they push attd elbow their way iitto the tin. About higher tuition attd more cuts, ti
closing in on all sides. _ I I

So we lobby. To cold atid aloof legislators draped in fancy tweed suits. They tell us that
politics and economies are tough games. Arid the blue jeaited kid walks off feeling shafted ttl'ltt‘
wonders why these men are representing us. The stilts. carpeted offices, false smiles; spreadrnr
the alienation. It's a dangerous thought. . ' "
And a governor who few have ever seen or heard sits on his litglt'throne pronouncing
judgments oit the fate of education. l-lis Budget Director calls the cuts minimal, and threaten
to fight to keep them. How many of his children attend SUNY schools? And ifthey did, what
would his verdict be then? '
And the governor tells one student that he fought in the Big War, the number two. And that
if the kid wants to save SUNY he had better fight for it. _ > v
().K., my liuttible leader. You have convinced me. l‘ni gonna skip classes on Wednesdm
and I‘m gonna fight yoti. You're not going to limit my education; I know too much already
And while I'm striking against you, 1'” also skip classes to avoid seetiig another SAvFundCrr
poster, or a vending machine, or crawling onto another bus. And maybe I It even eat on
tomorrow so as not to be sickened by the smell of school food, or the stgltt of school van
dl|il‘:ii,ill5tl going to play some baseball Wednesday — It‘s been ten years tiow — and 1'” rtin
tlirotigli that field again looking for my idol.

' ' ' '- - i ' 'on o shee ).
The Silent Majority is merely a ltItL‘ wuy to .s/rtuk about u not! f I

 

 

 

Established 1916
Kids I. Behar. Iftlilot IIl'C‘lllt‘l

non Levy. Rob E. Grubman. Mottogrinj lfrlttoi
. . . , . . . . . Michele lsracl

I V V Louro i‘iurullllllu. Sylvia Saunders
Stuart Matrinrqti, Bob O‘Bndll

. . . . . . Suzanne Gerber
. . I’aul Scliwartl

. . . Bob Bellaliort-
. . Steven Roltiik

News Editor .
Associate News Editors
ASPecls Editors . .

Associate ASPects Edlto
Sports Editor ... .., , .

Asuociate Sports Editor
Editorial Pages Editor

C Edit . . . . . . . . Aron Smith
‘ or . . . ‘ I :
5:33wrlters: l’tit “lilllll'v, Kt'ti (Ittrrtoi. Airrlit'w (‘oirolL ilillttltl lhumoirtl, Maureen (worgc. Lil

’ ‘ ' ls'oirtoi. Dottqlos Kohti. Debbie Kopl,
'r l t 1, Whitney (ltHlili. Mott Iltisitt l, l.illl_V Ktlllll. Amy ‘ ‘ _ ‘
;{‘l:'iili;]:t::i"w, Susan Mlilllldll. Killily l’t-iilli. .10” St lrtloll. Built Scxct, Mtkt- Williamson Zodlnc Kt

Preview Editors: t‘otol Vollr, .lomtc Klt'tli

Debbie Kopf. litisntcss Mtitiriqt'i -

 

. . . . Steve Goldstclit
. , .. . . . . . . . . . . . . Liszt/\pplebaum
. . . . . . . lietitiie Brown. Miriam litisplt-r

. . . . . . . . . , . . . Fran Glucckert

Advertising Manager

Bllllng Accountant .
Aunlntnnt Accountants

Compoultlon Manager

Stiles: liich Sclionlnget, Rich Scllgson ClnuIIﬂed Mun-gar: Robin Block Conpoultlon: Mike
Mrl)otialtl Marie Blotichi, Mutllyii Moskowitz Advertising Production Manl‘gcr: Site
l'l‘lll‘sllliﬂll Advenlolng Production: litlltli licrt-lson, Mtiile Amie Calnvllo, Tammy (mlger, Joy
(ioldstein Penny Grcr-itstchi, Rttlli Mtttstlcrt, Milo' McDonald, Joy Prefer, Steve Robins Ofﬁce
Sta": Donnie SlI‘thITS, Stove Robins

Eric Koll, Vlnccnl Alallo. Production Managers
Ellen. Beck. LIII Bonglomo, Joy Frledmnn Associate Production Managers

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dith! Benjamin

 

Kill the cuts...

and give life to

your education

 

   

Vertical Cnmern
Typlet Ellrnovdlnalre . .

. . . . . , . . . . . . ..V.,.'...,V.I...............Mittllyl\M0lllOU

‘ - - ' r t Typist: llost'intiiy Ferraro. Mttilc (iabnrlno,
Pane-u :bittt llctil-nitln. Durit lictz, MittlL lt iltuiio. ‘ I ‘ ‘ I I ‘
" ' Ii Klt'ltt Ili'bblt- Lot-b. Debbie Ltielr. i)t'ilill|‘ beltlllt'r, lorl ﬁttittl. l.dlITlC Walters Pro-
" ‘ Rachel Coltt'ii, Sue l.lrlitcit:.It-.tn. ltoliltt Loinslelti, Arnold Reich Chluueui: [itch

litisst'll

‘Pholonraphv Supplied piliirt/rolly I’lioto bt’tl'lt‘t’ ‘ ‘ ‘ : ‘ I .
‘Photonrnphei'a: Roontrc Kliltlilllll, liolr Leonard, Alon Ltilt-iii, Karl (.liaii, Steve l....scit, bltltc
:tlllt‘ll Morlr llirlt'lt. Minc i'it'lllit'ill'l, Dow Moclisori, Stove ngio, Carolyn hcdgjwtrk. bttiiti
ls'tt'lnltottrp, Stir.- 'l'tiyloi. 'I'oity 'l‘ossoioltl. Will Yuttiiaii

 

 

 

 

 

'l‘lit' Allttiity Student Press is pttlrlt‘slrt'tl i-trcry ‘l'ttt's‘tltiu lltltl I'Tltllli' tltlrtiiij fllt' school year by the i

Allroriy Sloth-tit I’rt'ss Hotpointloii, on independent lltll‘ltll-plﬂlll corporation lidltotlttls nit! ltllllll‘ll
by the litllttit-Itt~(.‘ltit-/; policy Is subject to icnleur by HIV lirllltrrlttl Bonrtl. hiltllltlrg Altltlldhh‘
Affinity Student Press. (TC .125), 1400 Woslititglon Arie, NY L322!

(5M) Il57»HH‘)2

 
 
  

 

.. Van».

  

