 

 

rift-111.5 7

 

THE 0D ’ ‘ ‘ r

' .ARE THROWIN' A PARTY

go BEER: SODA JMUNCHIES
, in speciuth/lidnite
THE THREE STOOGES

showing of "DISORDER IN THE COURT"
Friday", Mar. 14 9:30-2:00 Admission

. $1
Brubacher Hall (Alumn' Quad) $.75 w/ BRU

Cord

- featuring

Sponsored by Bru Dorm Council

 

 

x xx

 

 

 

 

CHAnmw

THE UNITED JEWISH

APPEAL CAMPAIGN

0Calendar of events

~Thurs.. March 20. 8pm. LCIt), SPEAKER:

'Sut.. March 15. 9pm. llullrutnn AUCTION
~Sun..Murcit to. 8pm. Assemth Hull. Sully Fox
(Jewish Involvement Theatre) ,
"I'm-5., March 19. 8pm. LC23. SPEAKER on
“lack Jews in Ethiopia (Can we save them?)
IWeti.. Mttrch i9; tipm. LCZJ the flint: Exodus

n passenger on Exodus ship ~
IFrl.. March 21. SHABIIAT DINNER.

Chapel House

ISM" March 22. iiprn. Dutch Penthouse.
MIDNIGHT BREAKFAST
'Mlm.-Wetl.. Mun-it l7—I9.AR'|‘ Iixttlltl'l‘.

2nd floor C.C.

 
 

i
i
l
l
I
l
i
i
I
v‘
i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Campus #6105107.
; . g) '

cations
For Academic Year 1980 - 1981

Applications are available in the
Off—Campus Housing Office — CC 110.

Advisors receive academic credit and stipend.
l:r)ur Advisor Positions Are Available.

 

MATH STUDENTS ASSOCIATION

presents

Dr. Eugene Wachpress

of Knolls Atomic Power Lab

“Numerical Analysis in Industry”
4:15 pm, ES 143

Thursday, March 13

for more info ——- Dr. Edward Turner ES 115 457-3952

 

 

 

 

we just shared. I love you greatly.
Signed "Looking forward to”
my next 60 days of... "

123456789101112131415161718192021
22 23 24 25 26 272829 30 31 32 3334 35 36 3738394041
42 43 44 "i5 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60

\

 

 

 

A _ SA Funded
~ - ADAM L. Delta Sigma Pi
“Looks like we made it!" This is one , presents ,
time I enjoy telling you [told you so. MlChael Laughlln
I hope the next 6 are as great as the ones .
speaklng on

Opportunities With
Xerox
Tuesday, March 1 1

8:00 pm Fine Arts Center 126

SA Funded

 

 

 

xx xx

 

 

 

COLONIAL TOWER COUNCIL
ST PATRICKS DAY PARTY

Friday March 14th 9130
Tower Penthouse

 

Hidden Clove Contest
Unicorn ring toss
Wishing Well Personals
“Luck of the Irish’ rafer

Mixed drinks, munchies and soda

$1 with Tower card
$1 '25 wearing green
$1 '50 neither

 

 

xx x x

 

 

 

PoliriCAl Science
AssociATiON MEETqu

TllURSdA)’

7:70 pM
iN GSPA

You [upon/tar Marisa”
All Membens Arrcud 1

SA Funded

 

 

"*'-«e~:';sags.w1:f.-  

March 11, 1980
Love Yi Lene

 

w..-.... .-._ ;_. ...............,..d.....,.. ..

Aspects On Tuesday

 

Lone Flexesﬂer Lovioh

ake punk. new waveland ultra solid

rock meshed into one. Add a flashy
dynamo vocalist with a bright energetic style. a'
passion for her audience. and a voice with
novel dynamics, and you've got a "One in a
1 000 000" Lene Lovtch.

Rob Grubman and
Elissa Beck

After the Slnceros. her former band. opted

 

v -for their own claim to fame, Lene regrouped

and surrounded herself with a “post-modern"
band. keeping lead guitarist and co-songwriter
Les Chappell with her, All of these ingredients
blended together, sifting out all the raunchy.
odious. punklsh verbatum and yielded a
“Lucky Number." So went Saturday night at
J.l3. Scott's.

Her warm-up band. Bruce Wooley and the
Camera Club. tints coined for their infatuation
with photography. were but amateurs.
Duplicate to their performance. the sound was
a blur. laced with feedback. and an out-of

The Stuff That...

Svobodazbes

61‘ he scenery for SUNYA's upcoming pro-
duction of Strituiherg's A Dream Ploy
will be designed by Josef Svoboda, Svohoda is
one of the most celebrated and prolific
scenographers in the world. His work is in-
novative in that it makes startling use of
anything and everything that modern
technology offers. in Svoboda's The Lost
Fairy Tale. presented this winter at ESYTI. an
entire filtn is projected on multiple screens
while actors perform on the stage. The per‘
formers actually interact with the images on
screen.

Larry Kinsman

Svoboda‘s personal history in the modern
theater is staggering. He has been chief scene
designer for the National Theater in Prague. a
repertory complex that produces between fif-
teen and twenty new productions annually.
and performs an average of thirty different
productions monthly. Although he designs
only three to five productions for the National
Theater each year, he is responsible for all
technical and scene elements on its three
stages. and supervises the activities of the
several hundred technical personnel of the
theater and its workshops. Svoboda has also
been Professor of Architecture in the College
of fine and applied Arts in Prague.

Underlying Svoboda's technical genius is an
exuberant pragmatism.

“What is essential is the approach to the job:

EarratLQut

 

 

   

focus splashy style. causing Wooley's voice to
be underexposed.

With the exception of “Video Killed the
Radio Star." the audience was not moved to a
fraction of the fervor that would follow later on
in the evening. They opened with “You're the
Circus" and played several songs off their first'
and only album. including their new single
“English Garden."

According to the Camera Club's keyboard
player. Tom Dolby. “We've only been
together for about four months . . . we try to
keep our music as general as rock and roll.
keep the energy of punk . , . and. yeah. i
guess you can consider it new wave "
With these promising ideals in mind.
something is mislaid. and their lack of ex-
perience showed through like an unretouched
photograph. The best advice to this band is to
heed the words of wisdom of their closing
song "CleanvCleart" . . . up their act,

* As far as Lene goes, the audience couldn't
have been more excitable. anxiously awaiting

ign An

her performance and “ah—dee. ah-dee. ah—
dee, i. l. l, Yl. Yi. Yi." Playing equal portions
from Stateless. and her new album. Flex. she
rocked the audience — not merely mesmeriz-
ed them. but took them They were Lene's for

 
     

“The Night." ., ~

    
  
   
 
  

The band was tight musically. and spiritually

as well. Their stage presence was powerful.
but not overpowering, pogo-ing about the
stage. as was the audience. which was crank-
ed up even before the opening song. “Monkey
Talk." -
Lene's singing ability is phenomenal. allow
ing her to sing in many octaves. Half-way into
the set Lene walled out on the sax. exposing
herself as a multi-talent. With the audience still
juiced up. Leno closed with "Home." from
Statcless. This time the audience roared to a
crescendo. Lone was compelled to do not
one. but two encores. closing the night with
lit’l newly released “Bird Song."

As the saying goes. if it's Lune. you'll
Lovich O

 

‘ ‘ .- ‘ ‘Uﬁzht’ ~ . v _ - -
Josef Svobodu. internationally renowned scenic designer. will create the

setting for the PAC's A Dream Play.

i would be delighted to create a setting of 3
cheese if it suited the play. You have to use
expressive means that precisely fit the produc-
tion concept. And that's where the true beauty ‘
of my work lies, for me."

This is clearly a scenographer who refuses
to separate any single aspect of a production
from all the others. Many critics and artists
believe that science is inherently hostile to art.
Svoboda exploits science for the sake of art.
To give an example, in the Prague production
of Romeo and Juliet there were several

Saturn For The

movie that only steals from the best is
2? still a ripoff. and this is the essence of
hat's wrong with Saturn 3. From the credits,
in which the movie's logo is formed out of ver»
tlcal white lines. (Alien fans may groan here)
to the climax. there is nothing original in the
entire film. The plot, which essentially has a
hostile robot chasing Kirk Douglas and Farrah
Fawcett through dark corridors. owes much to
Allen, to be kind. Yet nearly every other ele-
ment of the film is lifted from another source
as well. The musical score has a Gregorian
Chant ring to it (2001 fans may groan here).
The first shot of the filth features an enormous
starship drifting over the camera for over a
minute. (Remember Star Wars?) This sort of
GClectic thievery doesn't work well. The movie
doesn't have a style of its own,

Jim Dixon

The premise is that Kirk Douglas and Farrah
Fawcett are two scientists all by themselves on
the third moon of Saturn. They're supposed
to be coming up with ways to feed an over—
populated and over-polluted Earth. Progress
is slow (as it turns they spend more time
in bed than in the lab). and so the ill-defined
authorities decide to send an astronaut to br'

 

ing them a demi-god robot named Hector to
speed things up. For reasons that are never
made clear, a psychotic space captain. played

'by Harvey Keitel, murders the assigned

astronaut and takes the robot to Saturn 3
himself. Once there. he begins to lust after
Farrah. As Hector is directly programmed
through the captain‘s brain. Hector begins
lusting after Farrah too. What Hector is going
to do with Farrah is a little unclear.

Once Hector finally gets his electronic act
together. he kills Keitel and chases Kirk and
Farrah. The rest of the film has the two being
terrorized and enslaved by Hector. The climax
is boring and somewhat contradictory as well

Part of the problem is that half the filtn
seems to have been left on the cutting room
floor. For example. one sequence has Kirk
and Farrah taking a hallucinogenic drug. yet
they never seem to get around to
hallucinating. A still shot run in Future Life
magazine indicates that such a sequence.
which featured Farrah in a kinky black leather
body suit and stockings was shot. but ap-
parently cut. Similar occurenc'es might help
explain the overall disjointed feel the film has.
in addition. John Barry. production designer
for Star Wars and Superman, who conceived
and direﬂpa—npf the film was fired halfway

oer-our a...» ,

__-____1__—————-——7

unusual and startling devices. Downstaue
right, an eievatable unit of two sections func-
tioned variably as fountain. bed. table or
catafalque. The arcade unit at upstage center
"floated" forward and backward. Another
platform unit could be elevated to a height of
seven feet to represent either a bench or a
wall. I
Svoboda's scenery is not static — it shares.
in fact. the same dynamic quality that,
presumably. characterizes the drama itself.
Svoboda pretty much splits his efforts bet-

Worse

through. Kirk Douglas directed for a couple Of
days and was then replaced by Stanley Donan
who receives screen credit. That the film is a
little schizoid is understandable.

Complicating matters is the fact that Barry.
who wrote the story, had apparently never
written before. it shows, The special effects by
Colin Chilvers and Wally Veevers. who
created the special effects for Superman, are
remarkably bad in many scenes, Barry's pro»
duction designs for Saturn 3 are nice. and the
photography is good; both are totally wasted.

The cast struggles valiantly with a terrible
script. and l for one wish that Kirk Douglas
could find himself a hit. He‘s not a bad actor.
and Harvey Keitel is damn good. Saddling
two pros like these with Farrah Fawcett is
murderously unfair. Farrah Fachtt is very
pretty. and l‘m sure she's a very nice person.
The problem is that she can't act her way out
of a kindergarten skit. in any scene in which
she's called upon to emote. she drags an
already bad film to the level of poor camp.

interestingly, while critics froth and foam at
the mouth over the kntlings in Cruising. few
seem bothered by the excessive and gratuitous
violence in Saturn 3. The scene in which
Keitel murders and replaces the astronaut
assigned to the mission has a body flying out

d Device

throbhod
her chords

It '
LB.

Scott'a a

Wet!“ the musical and dramatic stages.
Typically. as he will be doing only two produc-
tions in the Unllt’tl States this year. one will be
the Strindberg play at SUNYA. while the other
will be an opera at the MET.

A Dream Play is. in some ways. a landmark
piece of the modem theater. it is not a con»
ventional drama in terms of plot or action. lt is
composed of short episodes of seemingly
fragmented action. It might be best described
as a forerunner of the French Theater of the
Absurd. At any rate. it is not an easy play to
understand. casually juxtaposing. as it does.
elements of Scandinavian mythology with
some of the more mundane crises of human
existence.

The play. by its very nature. seems to call
for innovative scenography. There will be a
plain backdrop onto which virtually anything
can be projected. in front of this backdrop. at
odd angles. will be several scrims. Scrims are
simply screens which can function as solid sur-
faces.'or as transparent surfaces. depending
upon the lighting in front of or behind them.
This combination of projection surfaces should
prove highly effective. since the play's setting
is almost a mental landscape. a highly sun’eal
locale.

A Dream Play is being directed by Professor
Jarka Burian of SUNYA's Theater Depart-
ment. who has written several articles and a
book on SVoboda.

A Dream Play opens at the Performing Arts
Center on March 12 Q

    

\

of a depressurized locker room, being shredd-
ed in full view of the camera by a row of
cables. When Keltel is himself killed. his
dismembered hand flops in front of the
camera. and later. his severed head is seen
impaled On top of Hector's. None of these
scenes enrich the plot. and none are
dramatically necessary. They are included for
the same reason we are treated to so many
shots of Farrah nude or in baby doll
nightgowns; with no plot to sustain audience
interest. sex and violence are all that's left to
keep the film afloat.

li sinks anyway.

Saturn 3 is an hour and a half movie that
feels like a double bill of Astra Zombies and
Frankenstein Meets The Space Monster. With
no imagination or intelligence behind it. it's
merely a jumbled and bungled rip-off designed
to cash in on a movie craze that may have
already peaked. if all that's left for science fic-
tion is drivel like this, let's hope it has.

