 

 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

' eke Pllcld— the name do‘ean‘t‘
do it justice. Far removed from trarr
quillty, it is a town that defines con~
flaunts it, and yet adheres to
much tlrat the old has passed
down to it.

it’s a long way from Albany. indeed a long
way frotn anywhere to Lake Placid. A sign a
few miles north front here itrfnrins yoti that this
stretch of the Nortlrway was proclaimed the
li‘DSl scenic stretch of road iii the nation fifteen
or 51) years ago. v

Ron Levy

Sheer cliffs maybe one hundred feet high
rise into the heart of /\tflttlltiltltl\ Stole l’uiir
jttst till the «title it] fflr‘ tiiiiil tiiil fftt‘ tlltltt
rind thllfiItlifl' Ititllttlfitl'flltt'tl road cuts but
normal walls The Spring has created a
niiriilicr of ttniisfticetit ice st rtlplntes tllllf
cascading waterfalls that llfi‘ift'tl iii the
irioiriiligftt.

Turning of] o] the highway onto Ii‘oiilc '/'.‘i.
the first cut to lie seen is ct ltpsi-d iii the tt’til
i'Ii'tti triiitot til the t'.\ll. 'I‘ftcic ltii' sltll Iftiifl'
titties iii 1 trite I‘lrri iii and. iil night. not a will r-.
iii fli'ftt't'i‘tl

(ill to the right I‘» a radio transmitter It i- 1!
litre of ‘»II;lt| rruttrri I tlf rd .r ‘~lttiill peak and \l‘l
lrlr' .ilI-‘r lrrttr ltitlltllt" till the bar I. tIMi-l l"-nt

rllillriii‘r-1'l

 

iiiilzltltrtitil 'iillli the rtitt-tr

 

oi thw moat can rho liittitttitilt‘r Ititt»! in
than

.r\-  rt. . .t 1‘ .1t arm.
that r‘a- in: 41' mi tirla  . lrir' ti.

rm. .1, rrzrrp ' met r-.rtl- .H .or,; “Ht trust

I llilil» phi in mi. it uh ll. put ll .rrr.
per-.p. i t‘ .r the... tut-.r‘t at rrrt .lrt ,,t
l’tillillltlllt tI.~r rrrr r .rnrprr

l)\t'l ila lilliilli‘ up the ltlli illill thi». t . rt. r/i.
i’ilt‘ lire ltrrln atmrir lrtit .il 41 .r to llllli' I - imp
|)t'lillttl l’tti es It'ltl-lllt lliltll with the tort of it
night at the erciatrrti ttt‘rtllt, crptailtnq a mint
tlt's rent. Alas. the Cainaio Motor littr was titlt
last refuge Neither Haiti til ti 1 will say tittlt h it II
the accottnnodatiitits. but you can‘t beat llit'
prkc

nke Placid ~ The town has been the
Lake Placid lived on
iratrort si/.cd

forus of the world
sports at a time wlterr
pressures needed a farilt wire to vent off

steaiir. Rather than striping fioirr a crag ill

Ka'bul. we sought to legitimize the 'Olympic
Games as a healthier expression of iltlt’altli‘
tional pride and international competition.

On February 9. the athletes. family.
friends. spectators. journalists technicians arid
hawkers ventured up Route 73 to Lake Placrd.
Reservations? They had to have been made
iii 1977. The buses arrived the next day
We all iriissed Little House on the Prairie v
and Walt Disney. but .lini McKay. with a grin

   

Xlll OLYMPIC
WIN lER

lAKE
PIAClD
1980

 

'l‘tome‘owners. But one street. aptly titled Main.
is the carotid of corirmerce. Three traffic lights
goverii the midtown traffic.

The eyes of maybe a quarter of the earth's
population were here just two tttrilillts ago.
skating with the lleideirs and ttitrrhliirg Willi
that ski Jumper lwlrai was his name. anvwae’l

"This town has too few places for the 1.4 rung
tit go." craned iiettrire Lat re. Lake i’laiui's
keeper til the town archives "There Isn‘t even

 

 
   

'iet's do it again.‘ '
The people all seem to have enjoyed the
spotlight. the exposure and the (ititlitt' to he
"the liotrretnwn crowd." Too, money ilti\‘.i'ii
faster than gin with local families often doiibl
iirg or tripling up iii one's home so as hr retrt
out the otlrer's. $1.75 lrol dogs and $2 titt
beer were the norm it was too far to tlli‘.i
anywhere else
They may be a little tired now. they've had

Vatt I'loevanburg. seven miles back on the tit

cess road had been admired with one at lilt
most sophisticated bobsled and logo inns tn
existence The turns and flats were inlaid with
freon refiidgeiant pipelines to secure the it e to
b.111er some of which are tilted at iiioie tlrair
ninety degrees. Back iii town there is a sample
two titan sled placed in the l'it‘ltiiittttst' iolrlic-
hit tourists to study arid photograph We \verc
told tirai the l‘arks Department will l'\t’|l take

The government of a frost nation is I‘L'sptitt
sible for the construction of Olympic facilities
for all of the specified events When lake
i’lacld won its bid for this year's slroiwnse. the
federal aird state goveituirents granted $78
million to build the arena. the ski tturrps.
renovate Mt. Van l‘loevanbmg and
Whiteface‘s Alpine runs. and lilliLit'iiilrft' the
town's fieldhouse The last being perhaps the
only surviving structure of Lake i’lac‘id's 1932

 

 
 

t|r.rI ionlrl all lrtil give away the pie recorded
scores. sat llt our living rooms for two weeks.
He explained the point system for the coin
pirlsoir: daiu c in frgiric skating arid the proper
positioning ill the luge doubles to air audience
of converted armchair athletes (in alternate
days live horkev. the best oi the amateurs.
colored Nli(“s peacock .
The town's resident population is 2.801).

bulging to 51.000 with the summer

Montre

 

 

a bowling alley lint the youth. \vlrv lltt’i.‘ were
tlurlled to deallr wrtlr the Olympics it Was fair
tastic to see all those people otit there
speaking to each other "

it seems that in this si/e town altitnst
everyone in this town is related Vtigliria
(iilnroie. the Village ’i'ieasiirer. is Mrs. Lacre‘s
daughter. "it was a shot tn the arm for our
economy." site said "l‘enple were frightened
at first but now that it's all over they're saying

enough slrowrng off for the irroinent. lrni
spirits remain high. No one \vill liolrl lititl‘. a
smile traded for a compliment on the tub ther
did It was a lot of work construction
logistics. clean-up btit ill the irtral pic
()lynrpic days the Lake Placid ()lernpit
Organizing Committee (Li’OOC) handed out
pins proclaiming. "Welcome world. we're
ready."

A focus for the world had been bruit Mount

 

onttenl — she's n city that
likes to show herself off. Rising
off an islatrd iii the Saint
Lawrence Seaway. she looms
larger than life on the surroun»
ding flatlaird  Le Prairie iii the
native French. Her styles are new. modern: it
is fashioned from the best that New York.
London and Paris could muster. “Creative
concrete." sortie rrriglit say. btit the coirrfort it
lends more than stills her needs. The world
nas been here. as in Lake Placid. and has not
left without bestowing a monument to the city

Jesse McCourt

Montreal Is a city- whose business is
business. Corrimerce. commodities. high
finance are its pulse. Dollars are traded for
pounds and pounds are traded for yeti
Money talks and the wealthy listen The city
leaders of two decades ago knew that and
began to capitalize on it.

"lixpo '67." it was to be called: “The show
of the greatest city on iiartlr." /\ mananade
island was chosen as the site Towers were
built. fountains filled. the US. constructed
one of the largest geodesic domes in ex-
istence. and the spectacle came alive. /\loof
from North American politics and a Middle
liasterii war. the world met over Belgian waf‘
fit's and caviar to exchange ideas, not destroy

 

Wan. . ...r r

~— sfw w 

them,

The exhibits were closed in 1968. their witt-
dows boarded. the land turned into an amuse-
merit pai'k. Brit the city had prospered. Na»
tiotral governments had slrowtr an interest iii
the city and their commerce was not slow to
follow. The architecture of the city reflects that
newfoturd interest lir'nnzed steel and polariz-
ed glass adorn sheer vertical btiildiirgs that
nearly bury the remaining landmarks. The
skyline became packed with enlarging, crane-
topped structures Montreal became worthy of
an international competition. I

Mayor Drapeau approached the Montreal "

city council iir 1072 For $21) million he would
supply the town with the best arena in the
world so as to host the 1070 Olympic Games.

Tire city bought it.

Diapeaii foirrul the most qualified architect
in linger Taillbert of Parlr. Tire latter corn»
menced in 1073 to design a stadium. within
budget. that would meet the international
Olympic Coituuittee's (10C) requirements.

Tire preliminary plans detailed an 80.001)
seat stadium with four satellite buildings to
house an Olympic pool. bike track. theater
and fieldhouse. None of the buildings yet ex—
isted; all would have to be built.

in an attempt to cut costs, RogerTrudeau.
'l'alllbert's contractor, approached the faculty
of McCitil University McGill is one of the few
schools in Canada that offers engineering as a

    

major. fit that area it is considered among the
best and so the department Dealt eagerly
volunteered some of his undergrad students to
assist with the specifications.

Accounting for Montreal's harsh and
variable weather conditions. 'i‘aillbert planned
for much of the work to consist of pie-stressed

 

concrete — prevfornred slabs cast so that little

expansion or contraction will occur, l5roin.

hereon the scenario is almost identical to Lake
i’lacid's.

Tire veiadrome arid pool were built aird
their bad to be torn down after being declared
unsafe by the City inspectors. Sections of the

 

f‘oof, ~Mttii." design changes. The union
threatened to walkout on the prime contrac-
trrr. Gilbane Construction. in a salary dispute.

Lake Placid cut it close.

Entering from the north or south. Main
Street cannot help but bulge around its new
arena. lrtit the towit is now wondering if it has
been git-en caretakeiship of a white elephant
The town buys electricity itr hulk fiorrr Niagara
Mohawk to minlmi'le co.

     

s. yet the fieldhouse

 

 

rider‘s down the bob rtrii. weather peitritttirur
Maybe we'll retitiir next February

ake Placid— The city may be in

ttotible. There are three indoor skating

rinks in Lake Placid where there used to

be one. The largest. one of two in the biatrd

new Olympic Arena. could comfortably seat

everybody in the totvn as spectators it's big.
rirodern~ and very expensive.

 
 

tllvniptad

There were problemr. however
clritcrt hail specified a tribiilar
oskeleton to suspend the roof of the new
arena The same material had been used lll
constructing the l\'etrrpei Arena in Kansas titty
and the Hartford Civtc (Terrier lirith collapsed
under normal stress. i’lans had to he changed.
iiew loads calculated. State inspectors foutid a
series of flaws iii the welds of the fieldliouse

The at

slr'i'l ex

 
 

alone ran an electric bill of ‘il‘ltltlli iii January
The lab for that building and the larger arena it
is attailred to has been esliiiiaied at ‘iotltlttti
for those two weeks of the l‘ll-itl t)lynipit s

"To break even. the arena would have to he
lt'rlsi'tl ntit every weekend." stated l’arks
Department Manager Robert Allen. "That
would cover maintainance costs We've
received interest from figure skating clinics aird
amateur tournaments."

"Hot/day on ice. ice Capades. and the Buf—
falo Sabres hockey learn are all considering
running their traiiriug programs here." be con-
tinued.

The final edifice to a Games of the past is
not nearly as prominent iii the IUWH it may be
as a result of the Munich tragedy or it may be
because of its intended future use. but the
()lytnpir Village is hard to iind. Up Main
Street, over the hill and sir. miles past the city
ltillll. the only detnaicatiorr of the it)]]]l)iL)x'5
eirttarir er .r boarded filling station

’1 lit’ f)i\.'iiipir initis hare llt't‘li taken down
and .lll . lr-t illll"ii ten for >t lt‘ilr e : rriistrirt’ted to
aortvcit the building into a federal prison
had been tilrtp'rst‘ti /\llt'ii.
l.i’()f)f:‘s
liittl appr sir bed the state

.'\lteitiatn.w
ll'tltit .itui
tu'ttr'ial Mariam-i

l’elr'r Spinney.
ttl |rup.--. of trarislrrirrrtnri il't' \‘lllrttit‘ into a
,‘xliNYrrtlleaa

lHl rilllllilli

l'lri'r.‘ said there tstr" the need
{\Ili it lt'flt't Ir d "Tile
ldrr. .rtaai It. patina-iii nan on the HittitlII/ltttl

oilirie.‘

r-tlllltllllt't‘I

(\ilti tmr ll‘l'lt'\\t'lt'|l|»'t>\t'1lllll\ ('oti
.tinr liIItt rim *1 / littlltirlt ill-rt" than planned
and ll't )t it t

.at. .n..-. 3,; ‘. :itlilllill it. if. .ptar c .rd'runisttatn‘c

Itt‘llllrrtrtritr t'irtintti s« iftl

 

ll...
ake l’laciil— It's am expensive place
t lull in l card to tit» it- altarrv lit paving
J rt. rat ll’l tor  a...  tlie
ltllltlv‘lr ill trim 1:rrrrp-twet-itrwnpliil-ail-
no i l 1V." tr‘» [hit il'ltt‘l»trli‘ri llllt litllilll‘n‘
t4 wt a tr-‘lrlarlc " airrl
ii: it it a. rrrrrrrrrttwr
lhv-r. tiara madr - .tl, 'i't \reclz'
iirrtttl wainpad r it.“ ‘rillt‘ 

pi r tr .l ooh ltr tirrl tt‘ .r it writer ;\»itrrr suit.
trr thi litt‘iirr ii  r 2‘ rlv‘. Itl'l tr.
.i iil‘ll-rl .tlltl pine-t are high A
ili-lllllt' an tiltiupr.
($5). toilet
paper tat ilh‘pct ration) filk‘tttitlt trash cans
($130). a twentr: foot tilt-mpii banner (tidbit)
arid a sittiiioltile (“iii .ttfrtl)

Visitors are still flor king to the town. buying
it'». l'sluits and enameled puts. arid laying
Tourists are Lake l’lilt’ltl.5
stlli])t)|l the

landm-
slropptntr lt‘vl Itltttlt'

notelriatl». binder \'.lil| insignia

douri their cash
lifeblood the transients
residents vlllli Mt Kay. itt brilliatrt srtrltuin-
vapor on Maui Street. furthered Lake l’lacid's
fame The publri will not soon forget. and the
town is depending on that I

 

   
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  

 

main stadium had to be torn down three or
four times because of bad workmanship.
Beams became loose and roofs leaked. And,
as in Lake Placid. a labor dispute sent the
union into a strike in late spring of 107d
Drapeau's trump card was money. The lead
in the. city dailies: Spend the Limit. Up

     

 
  
  

from the $20 million original estimate. Mons
treal received a bill for $201) million for her
having hosted the Games. Though federal
arid provincial ftirrds covered most expenses.
the overruns were crushing. So too was the
embarrassment of exposed graft and piofes
sioiial incorrrpetence that took place. Last

   
 

  

year. the Maiouf Commission to Investigate
the 1‘)7(r Olympics released its findings /\
number of bank accounts and kickback
schemes to Roger-Trudeau and Taillbert were
uncovered. But perhaps the most daiirrritui
confession was the quote from one of the
engineering students assigned to Roger
Trudeau. When asked how he was able to use
' i be c )itt
ttu'trted. “What's pre~stressed concrete?"
et for all of the behind-the-scenes
problems. the 1976 Olympics were an
outstanding success The undertow of
1972 iii Munich had dissipated; new stars arid
heroes could emerge and step up to the
microphone with Howard Coseli Alekseyev
fiorii iiussia lifted more than airy titan while
Nadia from lioiriania made moves to make a
ballerina look clumsy, TinuI was shaved from
Spit/s laps and Ryan's iiiile. A stand-up boxer
trained Leon Spinks fought his way to the gold
while iiiuce Jenner moved ahead ill the
decatlialotr All the time iorrtier medalists
Fleming arid ilarntll marketed their Flex with
names recalled front prior ()lympiads.

The cl: ’2; of '76 champs have not used the
limelight to the satire advantage, tliotigh their
names remain equally public. Spinks traded iii
his'amaleur status for public acclalirt l?) iii the

.' ring. if you've got to lose. you might as well
lose to Tlietireatest. And. yes. there was Mr.

pie stressed concrete in his de

 

 

.leuner. whose neandeithal mentality could
only complement Cosell's.

erhaps the real winner Iemuina
the city of the Games. Each influx
travelers has brought the cameras and cur»
rency of the world to Montreal. Many have
visited before and most promise to return.
l:i'ttiti midtown it is only a few rniirutes to the
old city art artist Colony (1 la Greenwich
Village complete with two peisorralitic By
day. downtown is mostly industrial. but at
night the bars open out into the street The
language arid wine is strictly l‘ienclr. the
Separatists having made their mark on
turd- rgrormd culture. but linglish is tolerated
from non Canadians. At the other end of
town the view fiorn Mount Royal is. well. tin
forgettable
The L'ffr't'ls on a large city are surely not as
stunning as an ()lyinpiad in an Adirondack
village. biit there will remain for quite awhile
its influence. Whereas Lake l’lacid took 1980
as a slrortrlived break from isolatir rii, Motilreal
has sought to sell itself by attrar ting attention
Both have succeeded. Lake l‘lacid will lie
essentially dormant. twitching slightly during
the resort seasons but essennallv staying to
itself. Montreal has its acclaim. .rrrd the pitfalls
that come with it. btit she seems intelligent
enough to steer the proper course '

 

