 

 

 

., .. 1...“- “ms... - ....... w .....~ J;W"‘.~lmnI-WMWW“W '

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

<l
v f
, J . ' . September 30. [9 -.Se tember 30. 1980 .
  I I Page Six Aspects on Tuesday 80  p Aspects on Tuesday Page Seven

“1-2,7‘ \— ‘u’t—LK'M‘T"

  

' ans of David Bowie should be
9» pleased to know that he has a fine
new album out called Scary
Monsters (and Super Creeps). The album's
release would seem to indicate tltat he has
no immediate Intentions of giving up rock ‘n

James Jafte

roll for another artistic field. namely acting.
as ntight have been speculated by his recent
opening on Broadway in the dramatic role of
The Elephant Man.

David Bowie has always been into
dramatization. He has already appeared in
film. and his persona through the mid-70's
was surrounded by theatrics. With each new
album. Bowie would create and embody
some other-worldly character and base the
music around his adventures. in live perfor-
mance he would don outrageous costumes
while acting out tlte stories of Ziggy Stardust
Alladiri Sane, and tlte Diamond Dogs He
changed ltis image from album to album like
an actor changes roles front movie to iiitit‘lt’£
truly tlte chameleon of rock.

ltt keeping with his unpredictability. be
abandoned tlte use of costumes and overt
theatrics iii the late 70's. most notably with
the albums Lorri. Heroes. and Lodger. an
Important thouth slightly disappointing trio
of collaborations with the avante guide
thinking of Brian lino lirrwic's
itielodramatii'. British

 

trick gaw-
ivay to experimental. .ittuosphi-irc techno
space rock that fortunately .tvoulod flu-
overblown boinbrrst of many other so called

flow it L‘tl

'piogrcssive" bands (flit!) is anything but
pretentious). ThiI surreal cliaiaclerixatiiins
were also ditched. supposedly exposing the
"real" Binvte.

Scary Monsters (urtrl Super Creeps) is
what you might call a post-Eur; iviirk
Though lino liirttsell does not appear on tliiI
album. he has left his rtiark irt Bowre's ttntsic.
prliirarily lit the very subtle undercurrent of
electiiriirL‘s that give many of the songs a
metallic atmosphere. The sound itself. like
his recent albums. i.s thickly textured. riclt yet
coarse. Still. this comes out as a much more
straightforward. less espirtiittr'tttiil albiiui
than its predecessors, although it cart hardly
be labeled "Ctitlttlit't’t'litl"

Many of the iitttsiciitns are the same ones
that Bowie has been using in ll't'l'lll years.
notably guitarist Carlos Nornai.
L‘ivorge Murray, and the hollow drumming
of Dennis Davis Aiiilv (flitrk puts. in some
svirthesi/er and Bowie himself handles thr-
keyboards. Of the guest rttusicrans. liobt-rt
lJripp's presence is most notably fl'll llis
distinctively dense guitar fixations provide
moods ranging from valiancy to artirrcliv
Ali even more distttit‘tive llhlttiiiit'tit Is
Howie's deep. Scary
Monsters features some of his must carefully
lll'iill‘fld singing since l‘l7ti's Station to Stir
trini album The oblique lyrics are swelled by
a mood of dirtiriaiimtioii iii the singing and
the music (more so than on recent albums).

h

bassist

versatile voice

if you think a radio talk show is it calm tii‘
terviewer sitting down with his notes in
quisitively probing iitto baiid ittembers' vital
statistics. you are probably one of those
mislead listeners. It was anything but a calm
scene two Saturday nights ago during
WCDB'S "Notes From the Underground"
radio show. which gives listener’s the chance
to hear the latest sounds lroiit new and llii'
ported artists.

Blotto was scheduled to appear at 8:00.
When 8:00 rolled around. there was still no
Blotto. Questions such as how marry band
members would show up or if they had the
new extended play record they planned to
plLllllLI on the show caused the spon~
tatieous air of the evening. Everyone iii the
station waited nervously ititiil the group
strolled in calmly at H: 10.

Chief Engineer Steve Ortuba. who always
manages to do five things at once while
tltirrklng of three other things. ran around
ttiakrrtg sure the four band members arid iii
terviewers were set up In the master control

 

 

 

 

Return

Major Bowie Strikes Again

expressing his feelings of Isolation from
mainstream society. with a touch of anger
that is only eclipsed by his inert sense of
drama.

Several of these songs are as good as any
that Bowie has written in recent years. The
album opens and closes with “It's No
Game". Part one is jarring. discordantly pro-
pelled by some harrowing screeching by
Bowie and nearly chaotic guitar orgasms by
Fripp. In between a Japanese translation of
the lyrics (that's right). Bowie presents his

 

09m. Would they. all be able to fit around ‘

 

 ' or me“ 'I'hri'n White Duke

 

image (“Silhouettes and shadows/watch the
revolution") and his situation (“i am barred
from the event") aitd puts them up against
the real world as if to say, “Sure l'm a
stranger. but the world is stranger!" Part two
is sober by comparison — the “straight ver-
sion.

"Ashes to Ashes". the single. is a sly at-
tempt to draw some mystique around the
saga of Maior Tom. the character from
Bowie's first hit single. “Space Oddity". The
music alternatel evokes the spacey at-

   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

one miki'. are the volume levels adjusted.
arid are the staff members coordinating the
lilotio tape between the production and
master control rooms 7— these were some of
the technical aspects he fiddled with before
and during the show.

in order to give listeners a chance to par
ticipate iii the talk show, telephone litres
were set tip in the production room, One of
the f) if s monitored the phone calls and
their: was definitely a SUTlOUS‘mllidud au
dietice listening. Tlte important questions
such as this one were aired: “Hey mart. what
color underwear do you have on?" (The
response to that one was “electrical tape").
Most of tire questions being monitored were
iittfit for listeners and how that one even got
on i don't know. At any rate. Bloiio had a lot
of fun responding to these aitd other ques-
tions. as well as requests to meet them the
next day (for purposes of racing and seeing
some "electrical tape").

Music Director Russell flieger described the
format for ott-the-air conversation by saying
ririri ii.didri't have itfetrtlet. _- .-_ - ; . . . _.

 

 

 

 

 

“I-I-I Wanna Hear A Talk Show”

"We winged it." Rleger explained, “You
can't plan out the conversation. It's really
something that has to flow You've got to be
up on the group's latest cuts. types of music.
background. anti interests "

Rieger's intervtew was spontaneous and
crisp. aitd lilotto had a strong willingness to
talk Down to earth cltarm is what the radio
staff feels Bloito has

As for radio talk
together. Rieger sums it rrp iit one sentence:

(‘3 ptittitig it

"A lot of anxiety iltone c ills
. . . . i ~ ~
. "u l ‘ ‘ m' tioii. WLI)B gave Blotto some station
headaches. T I ‘ l
j g ‘ As i its
o ‘ ' ' ' -
l r motions Director Joan Brandt sky mom, was “HIV 0,“. “t “WW (Whit. uho

couldn't agree wttlt lirtti more. as she added.
"It's a constant thing of buggtiig the hell oitt
of people to make sine they show up. Most

battd managers don't know who you are
ya. ya. sure. sure . From their point they
don't want to see you. They're inst sick of it,
"We cart live Without a college audience‘ is
their attitude."

According to Blotlo. WCDB is a very
together radio station when compared to

_ :Sttzny Brook or even professional stations

 

show

mosphere of the older song and a lelllflt‘i.
more light-hearted feel. The vocal is supriiii.
utilizing Bowie's "soul" voice.

There are two dramatically moving songs
that deal with Bowie's concern over age. filltr
distances his relationship from youth anti.
more indirectly. rock ‘n roll: the other is
more concerned with getting old. “'l‘eeiragv
Wildlife" '5 vallancy recalls "Heroes". liltl
here it is felt tragically. "Heroes" was about
valor and hope, with Bowie himself in the
role of the courageous protagonist. ()ri llii’
new song he acts as a detached obsi-rtir
unable to relate to the youth's growing lirtll‘.‘
and problems. When the character asks fair.
for his help in the song, Bowie is illilifli‘ir lil
His singing is even more carefully (liiilli il.‘
than on “HUYUQSH. "Because You're Y. .i i'
deals more directly with aging lls ilraii. .
are highlighted by the ihrirtis' ft'l'lllii'i a

  

valedtction. "Because you're young i. i. ,
meet a stranger sortie night what i

be nicer for you/arid it inakirs ruo sail i i,
dance riry life away/a million ilii iiiti i
' Bowie is again an lilll‘iitli‘i .

million scais'
this boy losesrgir‘l title. and is found \liii‘d
wtthdrirwn from the action l't'lt' Ti l‘.‘ li'»lii
» of The Who. who has also ltt'i‘ll (llili tiii - i
with this topic. fittingly appears on guitar

thlt all this playing tip. ilit'tt‘ \urrrlrl lri i
to be at lr-its't one tale of inaitindoui 'l ii.
there is “Scream Like /\ liabv" lhi' mint
finds l)erl(l aitd a ciiitrradi: in .r \i‘i'it'd
revolutionary Wtillil. llii' Itlillt .il \'l| liilii ii‘
tttisvnipritlietlc society it singi's itl‘illiii
killer guitar line and Bowie“. biting \'tlL-i'r‘v

A big disappointment is the version it
Tom Vetlaine's “Kingdom (‘onre' iilic
album's one song of reilerttptioril H’rl‘di‘
gives the song valor. but even l'iipp iii'il"
seem to give it the underlying ll'llmlili t
needs. Bowie sings against the \vord- .iiil
the annoying backing vocals lack tlii ii'iirn
humor that Verlaine pitted against llrt‘ i. i:
sion on his original version. This r. a ilii'ii'
song that is simply misread

  

Bowie. it is fast. metallic. and bit-.y with oi.i
hero stalking through his own instili' i-iii
world of. tilt. love Naturally he can onli. fiiiil

as impassive as he is livei‘yont' clse to lilllri
just a -~ yep v .s’itu'y monster
Of course on that last thought. lion-t

always come across as being r-xcetn

plenty of real passion With hrrn. tho pa~
in ittirtd is the notion itf rock star as |Hi
entertain. this album comes out littlliiii
short of being an unequivocal success

llrope David Bowie stays with ioi l. ‘ir r» 
He may not need H. but it sure as hell l'it'i i
ltiiit.

that they‘ve appeared at. W(‘l)li wants to

establish a good rapport With the itili‘di

World "Bands know you've taken the lbtrll‘»

to make a talk show Work and thirt- ii|'

pieciale it." explained Pull (lttlltlfllt'liil
operations director of the slitiftrti

While establishing a good relationship uiih
WCl)l3. Blotto made some station l l) tiiiit“
iii the production roorit The most t'ffct fit-'
one was surely. “Hi. I lost my \‘iigrriity listr‘li
“iii to WCDB " As a token of their apprct r.r

have been featured on the "Notes l’ittili lltt'
Underground" show. Some of the ti-I‘vl
bands Interviewed include: Stiltlll‘rltlt'
Johnny. Marshall Tucker. The Clash. tliitiii

   
  
  
 

Perhaps the title song cart best ‘vlliit ill‘
happiness in a mate who appears to l‘i Hi i

iusi playing around with his image l'lv ham:

human. but he sings on Scary hftitler'is ‘.'.llli

\

  

former. And if it is a perloinier's goal to

   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   

  
  
  
 
 

The

groups and their music and see how Wt‘Ul.
brings it all to you

Specials. The Shirts. and [rave
ltromberg.
Radio talk shows are more than just talk

Let yourself experience the inner view on

Sue Smih

-....u.-:-

   
  
  
  
 

 

 

 

“ﬁe Little Blo

ver three years ago. film-maker lra
Wohl wondered what would hap—
pen io his fifty-two year old cousin.
Philly, when his parents died. Philly. mental-
ly retarded from birth. had virtually no ex-
posure to the outside world. arid was almost
utterly helpless. Wohl convinced Philly's
parents. Pearl and Max Wohl. botli in their
seventies. to ltave Philly go through a series

Jim Dixon

of psychological and neurological exams. it
occurred to Wohl that these exams might be
interesting to film. He \vound up filming
ntuch of their lives, and the edited filnt. Best
Boy. over three years iii the making and the
winner of the 197‘) Academy Award for Best
Feature Documentary. was the result

The film. contrary to re continents of
some critics. does have a plot It's the story
of a young man leaving littiill’ for the first
time. The twist is that the voting titan. Philly.
is in his fifties. Best Boy. for the most part.
chronicles Philly's life as he prepares to meet
the responsibilities of till adult (When We
first see Philly. his father still has to shave
liiiti.) Along the way. we become intimately
involved with his part-tits, his sistt't l‘ii'tli, iilill
lrtt Wohl himself. who often appears on
l't'tiltt'lr't

 

After his series of tesfs. it is tlt'lt’lllllllt'tl
that l’liilly would be tiiiiriable in a day school
program One is found. and l’hrllv finally has
his iiist real day of st lririil He takes to it well,
and learns to make t l‘iilr'it'. cross sir. Ul‘t and
do his own shopping tits oilvssi'y into semi
independence is its heroic as a child's first
steps That's what fii'st [toy is about That iir
itself makes it important Its fltt'lilL‘ is tririvei
sal. and by making the core of the film
universal. Wohl gives its fresh and unique in
sights into the lives of the mentally retarded

Yet this alone is rtoi what makes “(’5’ lioy
piece of art llllll it is
often tir't. They

the it'iriarkabli'
l)ocnitirintari('s are not

Stevie’s New Arrival

 

. he kid frotit Mississippi has (forte it
‘1 ; again. Ever since Afiiir- ()n Arriirnf.
Steve Forbert has been gainiitg
momentum as a talented young songwriter
and performer. While critics rushed to call
ltliti the “new Dylan". (as they do to some
new act every couple of years) Little Stevie
Orbit has proven that Forbert has his own
standards to live up to.

Jim Diamond

His third album. in a very relaxed way,
asserts his ability to draw from a variety of
musical influences. lti Jack Rabbit Sfint. his
second album. he sought after a contmercial
hit. "Romeo's Tune" fit the bill perfectly. and

 

 

 

almost never make money, and frankly.
most of them are boring. Best Bay will make
some money. part of which will go towards
the opening of commuttlty group homes for
the meittally retarded.‘ ft is also not boring,
lt‘s powerful and moving. and most of all,
sincere.

Sinccrity is the thing most documentaries
are lacking in. We sit and watch people go
through situations which have often been
created for the camera. acting as though the
camera isn't there when we know as well
as they that it is. But iii Best Boy. they know
the camera is there. No pretense is made.

and Pearl as well as Philly. Max. who at first
seems a rather cranky old man. emerges
finally as a man of great. quiet dignity. Pearl
also is a strong woman who has suffered
great pain and felt great love in her life and is
ashamed of admitting neither. During the
course of the film. Max ltas to go into the
hospital for eye surgery. When he returns.
he tells Pearl: “I missed you. I dreamed
about you every night. Every night fdream-
ed about being home. ”

Later. Max dies. The camera is there
when Pearl and Fr. 1 tell Philly. arid that iii-
tlmate private moment is exposed to us

 

Delightfully. Philly often mugs the camera or

 

an. , a

Best Boy: A beautiful taste of reality

   

tastefully. delicately. and painfully. Philly
' 7 T

 

sures childlike at the lights. which are a
sittirr L‘ of fascination for him. But even f’eai‘l
talks to the turnout crew They are there; this
is an admitted Vlt'Wiitiiiil Thus. the filiit is
trustworthy

Iii-st Boy is never cold. clinical. or worst of
all. iournalistic. The difference between this
film and a piece of fiction is only that there
are no actors. and the events. allowing for
the interpretive angle. are real. The drama
and the pathos is as moving as arty ordinary
movie Wohl takes us inside the lives of Max

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

the rest of the album relfected this groping
for success.

It's almost as if the real Steve Forbert was
allowed to sltlne through on this one. I cart
almost hear Producer Pete Solley's go ahead
speech "Okay. Little Stevie. we've find our
big number —~ now show ‘eni what you're
really about."

There are thirteen songs on the record.
This includes a variey of rockers. love songs.
and ballads. Forbert I5 sensitive. cynical,
philosophical. and political at different
moments here. Side one opens with “Get
Well Soon". a sincere. upbeat tune that
grows on you after a few llstenings. The pro-
dtictlon is a bit commercial. however. and
the length may be an obstacle to the minute-

seems not to understand what they are say
ing. But in a later scene filmed at it family
reception after Max's btiiial. l’ltilly looks at
his mother and tells a relativv' "Nov is iii
Iii-irttr'ri norii ffr' missus fir-r " And then lil'
i ties.

Wohl was successful in convincing Pearl to
let Philly live in it lldlf’thU house. \Ulll‘lt' lll‘
could be supervised and still t-itii iv a measure
of ittdvpertdence (By llit’ii. l’liilly could
shave himself ) Pearl (lll'tl six months later.

litrngiy AM stations Regardless. il's a very
popular way of starting off an album - wrtli
rt song that doesn't blow you away. brit
rli'niariils your illlt'lilllill

"t.'i'lloplitiriir ('llV" represents some of the
fiiit".l liltitltit‘liltli work that wits. iii'r'orrtplish
ml at New York's Ab’tli studios during these
sessions It starts out its it slow ri'gfttu' piece
The par t' riiiickeiis and Hill .loiit-s opens tip
on the saxophone. working wtth organist
Paul lir'rico to turn this iitto tilil' of the
strongest numbers on llit' album

There are two love songs on this side.
"Song for (:iiriitvlitit". and "Song for
Katrina" Both have very obvious country
and western influences. lftiilit'ii'ﬁ harp play
trig stands out on the quicker "Katrina" llis
Mississippi musical background is also ob‘
vtous oit "Schoolgirl". it knee-slapping.
lownrightdun sting on side two His lyrics
great here. offering to help this college
girl “study ‘bout the birds arid the bees." aiiil
write a paper on the titer; of spring. Kenny
Kosek's fiddle adds an authentic toite that
rttakes you want to jump tip and square
dance. .

If there's a fill on this record it will be
"Laughter Lou (Who Needs You)". it's got a
simple rhythm with a quick. repetitive
chorus. Little tevie rejects this person (Ls
Lou a male or female?) who criticizes aitd
laughs at everybody. Forbert will ltave the
last laugh. of course. all the way to the bank.

In the ballad “One More Glass of Beer".
l-‘orberi ends the first side a bit more
philosophically titan the title suggests. The
imagery in the lyrics. as iii the rest of the
albunt. is vivid. On this one. they are almost
autobiographical. He sings of floating down
the Mississippi River with his girl. then
claims:

“I was once a shepherd boy
and made up lots 0/ songs."

Producer Steve Solley arranges an
elaborate string section for the ballad.

Side two opens with a short. European

ckbuster I

 

' but had finally succeeded in giving her son a
legacy he had not reason to expect — his
own lease on life.

That this intensely moving portrait of
humanity was made so well is something we
should be grateful for. lra Wohl and his véry
talented director of photography. Torn
McDonough. have created a film about real
people in a way which lets them interact with
the film-makers and not crowd them.

it would be easy to describe all the things
that make it a technical marvel ——
McDonough's fluid camera movements. the
excellent sound-mixing. and the other things
that go into making a movie. it's a tribute to
his talent that McDonough was able to keep
the subiects in focus all the time (Philly tries
to move about rather erratically and quite a
lot). it's harder to describe the things that
make it a great film. As sitnply as I can put It.
the love that went into this film. and the love
that is this film can be seen iii every frame.

This movie is not just about Philly. It's
about Max and Pearl arid Fran and the peo«
ple who helped them. It's about a family sur‘
vivittg. These were little people who gave all
the love and time they have to their children
Their children. it seems evident. appreciate
the sacrifice and gave back all they can.
T'rl‘l‘. a lnltltllt’iigt'll vroman with a family of
her own. is always in evidence. driving them
places. helping ottt and never complaining.
litt Wohl. their nephew. gives so mticlt time
and energy to help Philly and make a state
ini'nt about him and his family and never
thinks of exploiting them fir-st Boy is about
llllll’ Dt'ltlill’ and it's a llllll‘ blockbuster. See
it

('Nirtv. ()iir’ ftuf/ of the proceeds from
ffl'kl'lh pirrt‘liiist'rf [iii lit-st l’riry through The
('orrtriirrrtiiy Iiox office (if (flt‘ ffinpi'rr‘ Stole
f’lttrri. (‘irliririr' (.'t,’llft‘f. titi(f f’roctor's
Theater in Srfri-Iii-r'triify itilff help create l‘llfil'
riiiritity group firririr's’ for the ittcrttofly U’fﬂl’d'
t'tf ‘f'fir' ASI’ urges- you to support this
cruise )

It features l’ttul lir-
t'ir'ir oii .ici'rrrilioir ilfltl r rrttlil be played at any
local polka

Stovr- l-‘orl‘u'tt doesn't allow its to forget
that he has rock n roll running through his
Aritiitiirtlitli‘"

i'ttt ltt‘t that should prove to llt‘ .t high point of
tonight's shou. at ii If Sr'ritts lii'twer’ii lead
[tilllritl‘rl Shane l'outatii'. keyboard player
Roblit' himself. a
strong stistr‘tiitcil.
“Aiitoittolitli”
levels Steve l'ttll‘t‘if is capable of rnaintairr
trig lt will be interesting it! see if he will be
able to transfer the energy ptit down iii the
studio to the live setting

l:t)il7L’i’l'S talent lies in his ability to draw on
a diverse musical backgound and ptit it
across with a vibrant. often exciting style.
This style produces art intensity that reflects
his youthful sincerity. especially in the strong
lyrics lie sings. His hand is comprised of tigltt
professionals. led by art insightful producer.
Such older songs as "Going Down To
Latrrel". “The Sweet Love Tltat You Give".
and the new “Cellophane City" are
powerhouses in their own unique right.

Side two ends with "A Visita". nit ap-
propriate farewell number.wltere Forben
peacefully sings that he's merely “a visitor on
this circumstance called life."

Little Sterric Orbit ltas Forbert sounding
very comfortable. Certainly a debut album
could not allow for this level of flexibility and
Jack Rabbit Slim was gunning for the charts.
A quick listening may leave you feeling this
album is shallow and lust more pop music.
But give it a few more spins. Let it all sink in;
the strings. the country and western and the
straight rock ‘n roll. Absorb its diversity and
the sounds that emerge from the layered. full
production style of Pete Solley.

Don't take my word. though. Little
Stevie's orbit brings him into Albany's J.B.
Scott's tonight. Allow the kid from Misstsslpv
pi to speak for himself,

Stilltttllilti iitsttriini'ntrtl

yi-ttis "l'iii iii) In a driving

lxirriiltrt'. aiiil Forlicit
rhythm is built and
' Il'[)ll‘\t‘nl\ .'rc high energy

 

 
   
 
  
 

 

 

 

