 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

'There is nothing wrong,wtth your television
 set . . . it’s just that your mind has snapped.

ailoween . .,'."the only festive oc-
'casion in western culture designed
for paranoid Schizophrenics. it's
like commercializing insanity.
Parents dress their screaming little monsters
up as screamingrbig monsters and send them
out into thecruel world to beg for a living.

I T W O
JimDIxon , mmge,
members of the KKK pretending to'be ghosts,
a hobo and Darth Vader walk up to number
twelve Melrose and ring the doorbell.

“Trick or treat," they scream in a unified
display of bad manners when the door
opens;

Avhousewife pretends to be frightened and
gives them candy. Contented, the four delin-
quents leave the house in peace.

The next—door neighbors are not so lucky.
They had the gall to be absent when the
children called. in a display of religious
anger. Darth Vader writes gross Obscenities
on the door in shaving cream. The ghosts
break Grade B eggs on'the stoop, and the
hobo wedges the doorbell button in with a
pin. The constant buzzing of the hell causes
the family dog to bark incessantly. He will
continue to do so for the next several hours,
One of the elderly neighbors will call the
police to co'mplain. She's wanted to have the
dog put to sleep for years anyway.

At the next house, the owners have learn
ed. They are ready with the required tribute
before the bell rings. The children are
presented with Snickers bars. M & M's, and
packages of Candy Corn.

You have just witnessed a crime.

These young extortionists hold this subur
ban neighborhood in a vise-like grip of fear
for an entire night, once a year. They will
make noise, raise havoc, and exact protec-
tion candy from the homeowners. Few will
refuse. A few may not be home. As we havv
seen, these lone holdouts will have their pro
perty desecrated. ‘

 

And these kids do this with their parents’

consent.

 

Think of the contradictions. Parents, who
are renowned for urging their offspring on to
better and greater things, force their
youngsters out into the streets past their bed-
times to beg, door to door. Worse, the
children do not beg for nutritious food. They
do not beg for apples, carrots and green
beans. They do not even beg for
cheeseburgers and french fries. They beg for
candy.

Parents urge their hapless children out into
the streets to beg for things that aren’t even
good for them.

On these mean streets, these children.
dressed as monsters, witches, bums and pro-

lstitute‘s,‘ learn criminal tendencies. Those

who do not acquiesce to the cries of “Trick or

:treatl,” suffer;

not

There is nothing wrong with your television
set, '

Somewhere in suburban Albany, a
neighborhood cowers in terror as children
dressed as the nightmare visions of our worst
dreams roam the streets. Someone,
however, won't sit still. Her name is Ida Mae
Belcher. Last year they soaped her windows.
Last year they wrote in shaving cream on her
front door that she publicly coupled with a
moose. Last year they made Halloween a
night of hellish, sickening terror for her. This
year, Ida Mae Belcher wants only one thing.

Vengeance.

Another hobo, the Good Witch of the
North, and The incredible Hulk approach
number twelve Melrose. They ring the bell.
The housewife opens the door.

“Trick or treat!"

“Oh,” she exclaims. “You frightened me!"

She is tired of this game. But her feigned

fear of their WooIWorth costumes is
preferable to the alternatives. She places the
tribute in their bags. and closes the door in
relief as they leave.
I The people at number fourteen Melrose
still haven't returned. The Hull; laughs as
he hears the tormented wailing of the (log in
side. The Good Witch of the North produces
a can of limefire green spray paint. The hobo
pulls out eggs. The Hulk reaches into his bag
and finds a sale-priced roll of generic toilet
paper.

lda Mae Belcher is not well—loved by the
marauding bands of trick or treaters. She
gives apples, and oranges. Once she gave
papayas and breadfruit. She never has cair
dy. She seldom even gives cookies. She
refuses to look scared. She pinches cheeks.
She even has the affrontery to recognize the
trick or treaters.

"Hello, Timmy" doesn't go over well with
these killers. Calling up parents at four in the
morning to complain of the ritual desecra~
tions doesn't either. These masked terrorists
have long memories. So every year it's
worse.

The apples look serene in the wooden 
salad bowl by the door. The oranges could be, . ‘

a Sunkist ad. The effect is that of a prosaic
still-life, more the way one would want it than
the way it would ever be.

Near the foyer, lda Mae Belcher sits in an
old armchair, with an afghan on her lap,
crocheting booties for a baby who doesn't ex-
ist. She looks at her carefully arranged fruit,
and slowly smiles:

The Port of Albany:

A silver ray of moonlight quietly stabs
through the deepening haze of darkness. A
watchman strolls along the docks, thankful
for the chainlink fences that make his job so
much easier. He appreciates this more on
Halloween than on any other night. Kids are
just mischievous, he knows, but they can
make his job harder with their pranks. He
doesn’t worry about that here.

On Pier Nine the Amsterdam Angel is
docked. She had carried a load of constrqu
tion materials, some of them valuable. They
are supposed to be waiting neatly in piles of
crates, ready to be shipped out by truck and
rail tomorrow. Nothing's apt to go wrong, but
he knows better than not to patrol the piers
with the big cargos. The crates loom large in

the moonlight, but everything’s‘quiet. The
wino asleep at their foot in the shadows isn’t
even snoring. Nonetheless, he has to 96,.

Something bothers the night .watchman as
he gets near.,The hobo 'neverturns in his
sleep. Never twists; And he’s wearing a,
Wackenhut Security uniform. This bothers
the night watchman a lot. Because that
means the day man didn‘t just leave early like
everyone thought.

The night watchman turns him ‘over. The
day man is stiff. And cold. And pale.

The night man sees the face of the day
man clearly in the moonlight. He runs away,

. not even bothering to pull the knitting
needles out of the throat they're imbedded
in. This is sloppy of him. He doesn't even
notice the opened crate tweler feet away.

Perhaps it doesn't matter. The night man
doesn't read Dutch, and wouldn't recognize

in

the Dutch for “Nitroglycerine .

Darth Vader rings lda Mae Belcher's
doorbell. The hobo and ghosts giggle. Old
Lady Belcher'll give 'em something stupid,
and they'll vandalize her home. An equitable
trade _ even a venerable tradition. lda Mae
opens the door.

“Trick or treat," Darth Vader yells in a
boy's soprano.

“Happy Halloween, Freddie," lda Mae.

answers boldly.

“You ain't supposed to recognize me, Miss
Belcher."

“l’m sorry. Freddie. i always recognize
your voice." She looks at the hobo. “Yours
too, Gary."

“Aw, Christ, Miss Belcher . . .

“None of that or you get your mouth wash-
ed out with soap, Gary Epstein," she snaps.

The hobo starts to protest that she isn’t her
mother or teacher or anyone really who
should be able to give him orders. He lets it

go.

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 

“Whattaya, got this year, [Miss Belcher?” ‘
Darth Vader asks;   _: .v ‘ '

“Fresh fruit.’." ' , I I. ' - I.

I knew it, Darth Vader. thinks. ' ‘

“Be sure not to bruise it."v lda Mae cautions
them as she gently'places the apples and
oranges in their Trick or Treat bags.

“Thank you, Miss Belcher," the children
drone in miserable unison. ,

“Have a happy Halloween, children,” Ida
Mae says as she shuts the door.

“Sure will," one of the ghoSts mutters as
the door latches. “Bang—up time."

The hobo pulls his orange out of his bag#
and tosses it lightly in his hand. '

“Whattaya wanna do with this stuff," he
asks. ‘

Darth Vader shrugs. “i dunno. Throw it at
someone when we run outta eggs.”

"Sounds good to me," one of the ghosts
says. They go on to the next house.

\

édlliliewe its

1? .
{iftéi' 

 

 

 

There is nothing wrong with your television
set. Somewhere in the night, children are ex—
ploding.

The police will say someone put explosives
in Halloween treats. The children tried to eat
them. Or throw them. Nitroglycerlne is
unstable at the best of times. So the police
will tell you.

At the next meeting of the Senior Citizens
Sewing Circle, lda Mae Belcher will shake
her head and say, “isn't that a shame," andh
note the disappearance of explosives from
the Port of Albany. Melanie Miller, the widow
of a fundamentalist preacher, will click her
wrinkled tongue and say that the Lord moves
in mysterious ways. She'll remind everyone
of how these children held the neighborhood
in an icy grip of terror every year. She'll leave
the connection up to her listeners.

And lda Mae will shake her head and tell
Melanie Miller she's just awful. o

 

 

 

