in)?”

imc—w' r '

"a a.

“,4. ,_

 

 ~—~._- ~;::..."~.-.2.;.,s-- m......,.;,c.,_~,..'.,,.. c.‘:.e...:3,- -  "

Page 12o

 
 
 
   

April 25. 1980

TniviA TimeOCoNcenr CORNER OCnosswond oloqic Puzzle
Movie Timetable o FAanric Fovn 0 WCDB 0 PAC

MEWS CNS

Aspects

3.3. Scott'-
Aprll 27

April 30

.day 2, 3

RPI
April 26

Pol-co

April 27, 28

May 16

Glen. Fall- CC
May 8 '

   
     
 

u.“ ‘5- ‘ -
tint-t .tit‘. t‘.l.-\l‘

Papa John Creach
Manhattan Transfer .
Root Boy Slim

Frank Zappa

Bob Dylan
Slim Whitman

Grateful Dead

a.

 

 

Movie Timetable

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 

 

THE_LOGIC PUZZLE by Howard P. Muir, PII.D.
The objective of this logic puzzle is to ask, “What is love as

Billboard’s 'l‘op 'l'en

 

 

 

 

 
 

":6 . seen In the movies oi the 19705?"
M Little Chick dee :30, 0:00
as"!!an Up Baily :30 :0“) From the following clues. can you explaln what you think  
are". a.“ ' ' ' ' the great love pictures at the 1980: will be about or like? 1) The Wall — Pink Floyd
The Chum 7:. 0: 1. One 0! the following broke the mold of the BUDDY 2) Against the wind _ Bob Se er
Mb. 8: ‘ Ch 30'] 00 PICTURES in which.men loved men non-sexually but 3) G H _ 8-” J I 9 ll ca” Me _ Blond“?
av ' 9 . "I. tenderly and yet in a very very manly way Which one was ass ouses I y De 2) A'wlher 8'le In "‘0 wall —
Love At First Bite 7:30. 9:30 ,9 ' ‘ 4) Mad Love — Linda Ronstadt Pink Flo d '
Flu-Id. 'l'ltntn "‘ 5) Oil The Wall -- Micltael y '
Nonh By Nonhwesl W29) am in MiDNlGl—lT coweov. two men actually cared about 3) Ride Like the Wind —
Ch. 1 2 3 ‘ 5 6 I ‘ each other. gGCTlfﬁonWhi ' Th Wh Christopher Cross /
Lime Dmhngs 7100.9:00 ln BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID. two l 9 5199’s — ‘3 lSPe’S 4) with You ['m 30m Agatn _ 3t].
Coalmln!“ Dﬂughler 7:15 9:40 men actually cared enough about each other to share the 7) Llth UP The nghl — The [y presto"
Lad'y ard me Tramp 7:00.8145 same woman who loved them both. Brothers Johrtson 5) S edal Lad _
Kramet ,5. Krame, 7120‘ 9:30 In LOVE STORY. a husband hovered lovingly over his 8) American Gigob __ soundtrack and [grown V R09- GOOde"
Chap', . Two 6:“)de dying wile, ntost likely because she was leukemic instead of 9) Dem-mu“; _ Journey 6) Lost In Love _ A” S“ )]
JustT u Me What You Want 6:30. 8:50 agg'ess'”“~ 10) Dam“ The Tornadoes - Tom 7) Fire L k B b s p, y
Rock Hmmr Plume Show 12:00 2. One ol lhe following broke the mold of the HOLD ME, Peuy '3 Q ~— 0 eger
"0, wk M." . CARESS ME. DOMINATE ME PICTURES in which men "0. "New 8) I Can t Tell You Why —- Eagles
Kml c, VS. Kramer TOO; 9,00 took to dominating physically dependent women rather than I 9) worklllg My way Batik TO YOU
F0: ‘ 5 7:15l 9:15 career women. é) get: Happy _ Elms cogent) —— Spinners
c, mmTwo 7100' 9:30 in THE OTHER SIDE or THE MOUNTAIN. Part 1 and 3’ P9 C L" 5"“99 ‘ “3°” 10) Oil The Wall ~ Michael
Ch“ 7 2, lie loved a paralyzed woman whose wheel-chair kept her l "Blenders _ P’ewnders Jackson
cud“ Live 7:30 9:30 in her place of subntlssiveness. 4) Middle Man —— Boz Scaggs
"A "cum-n " in lCF. CASTLES, he loved his bllnd figure skater: he pro- _ . _
82mg The“, 7:00) 9:30 ved his life by teaching her with toughness. he yelled at her @ “FRONT ROW .,BLAST FROM THE
mam,“ until she got it right and learned her place. It was as poignant. CENTER" ~ l—lve — PAST" — 8-11 p.m.
Non."a Rue 7:00;. 9:“) beaulllul, and power‘yleltllng as putting your dog through _   Louden Wainwright lll, Don’t Forget —— Mont
Fox Colonic : Ol’lt'dvgufflm‘”: NEW — Jazz on the Saturday, 8:00 pm, day, 8-9 pm. “On the
AllThat Jazz 7903,15 n ICES. he loved a deatwwnnn- U_)' H _ Weekends — Saturday a. CLASSICAL — 11.2 Podium" ~ Meet the SA
Serial 7:003:00 TO Bl; CONfIN Ll NEXl WLEK- Sundny_ 5.8 pm. pm. Sunday Candldmus.
ACROSS 48 Six-carbon sub- 9 S-shaped molding I  
1 U F 0 h 49 stance 10 After deductions ﬁ
. . .. per aps Thing it cling A rug
1] Mine entrance 50 Nebraska indian 12 New term for baby- 0 A In" 25.;2mh-l maegnc
15 Shopper's consider- 5?. Berlin and Hallace. sitting (2 wds.) p ' .v ' ' Play 1’
ation (2 wds.) for short 13 Preconceived Ayah” sa’" _ 5:00 P‘mt- Alena
is gﬁdestal part i  Sent 14 Underwater weapon Theatre
ver in st, or llages 21 Censure ' t ,
a while 56 "My country -—— of 23 Await decision “ 7.56m} 26'i1yrinphumc concmBand _—
18 Actress Martha —- thee" 25 Love, in Spain '. p‘m" a" Slag“
19 Canadian province 57 Suffix: process 27 Repeat n l‘O’llCl‘el lnlm’m'lo’h “all PWlOiman
20 éabbti‘. m  Lostéhvallyue 2? Kett of (the comics 0 Arts Center Box Office at 457-8606
055 pev y n e ag 3 — of leves . , '
21 Summarize 61 Foreman 34 infielder Jerry— Monday Friday' 10 a'm' 4 pm‘
22 Live —— (revel) 62 Made time 36 Judd Hirsch TV Show h
24 iiorld liar ii 63 Secondary artery 37 Eternal
initials (2 wds.) 38 Studies (Z_wds.) ”
25 Refresh. as a room 39 Partner for Rogers
26 Sea nymph DOWN 41 lient hiking
28 Kind of steel 43 Share
30 Council of ~——. 1 Name 44 Potential guest
1545-63 2 Computer accessory 45 Menu item
31 John Jacob or Mary 3 Motion — 47 Reacted to the
32 Old name for Tokyo 4 Half an antiair- villain
33 "Black Sunday" star. craft gun 48 "Monopoly" pieces
Bruce -— 5 Congressmen, for 5] Ex~catcher Joe ——
35 Harness raCc short 54 Daily of "Hello
37 Nets‘ old league 6 Used at mangle Dolly"
40 Oscar de a — 7 implied 55 Robert Burns was one
42 Very uninteresting 8 Caliigrapher's con- 58 Permissable actions
46 Filmy cobweb tainers 5 Ending for super

    

cgne

 

 

'I'rlvia 'l'ime‘

by Vincent Aiello

Those lazy, crazy days of spring
are here. when no one wants to do
any schoolwork at all. So instead of
studying for that big exam of yours
coming up, why don't you catch'a
little T.V. action. Here's a quiz to do
during the commercials. Good Luck!

1. What is the closing theme of
"All in the Family”?

2. Name the Cisco Kid's horse.

3. Who was the star of “Highway
Patrol”?

4. What was the name oi the first
medical drama series on T.V.? it
starred Richard Boone.

5. How. did Jim Bronson travel?

6. What was “The Fugitive's"
name?

7. Who succeeded Dave Gar—
roway on N.B.C.'s "Today" show?

8. Who played the role of Dr.
Gillespi on the “Dr. Kildare" show?

9. What show did Rob Petrle write
for?

“10. On what show did Fred
Gwynne and Joe Ross portray
scout-car policemen?

 

Answers to last week:

i. 6
2. Bull Moose

. Garlleld, W.H. Harrison

3
4. J.Q. Adams
5. Truman

6. Hoover

7. SIC Semper Tyrannls
8. Princeton

9. John C. Fremont

l

0. N.Y.C., Philadelphia

Write your answers down and br-
ing them to CC 334 by 5 pm. Mon-
day. All winners will receive a free
personal in the ASP.

The Fantastic Four

    

    

  

 

THE
R08!
THE FLAG-

 

 

iii com sr/rz'tv THE
A 0

our! ME MD tiivuw

   

FIGURE

    
   

 
 
  
 

ND DUitH UAD ONCE AGAIN SAFE,
corrANo CHARLIE CONGRATULATE EACH
omen ON A .708 WELL DONE. v

I

AFTER THAT'FANMSTR"
MEAL,
A

XCLA O o 5 T 0M
N BUT FROM ll. SHRIVELLED OLD
STANDING NEAR

RmM MORE!

HANDS OF THE

'LET’S 60 f0 McfXW/lLD’S.’ WE 0555 E
A BREAK TODAY." RV

RN/lMENT
OUSINE.

    

 

I’M STAHVING.’
: a 7

  
    

  
 
    
 

‘SINCE BEFORE YOUR sun BURNED HOT

    
 
   
 
 
 
   

COME ON. STEVE!
Styli euro; If!

 
   
  
 

WILL YOU Tin/0 STOP TALKING
ABOUT F09 . SOMETHINB'S THE
MATTER WITH STEVE! HE": fR‘O-
ZEN IN THIS RIDICULDHS msIrrrwt

HE'D MAKE A FINE HOOD 0
FOR JOHN r Iii ’ LIM

      
       

rm: BAme 9 s
M :5

You FIND A wmr

to UNFREEZE

HIM, scorr, on 7‘
I ’L L-~

   

   

 

 

IN SPACE, AND BEFORE YOUR RACE'WAS

 

WITH NO FURTHER EXPLANATION.
SHE SEND“) AN ANNOYING BLAST

 

sow I HAVE Aw .
MIN SUCH & giITSE'Q AN OPI’ORTU

 

 

  

‘ -0R
PARED to FEEL

 

Be “r325-
m5 xiv/£50445
MIGHT 0F...

 

 

      
 
 
   
   

or rcr corn Ar our unrnsr .
ll589€§!,_ .. , Am

77 7 "i

   

, :1: -~

Vice Presiden tial Assessrhen ts »

Brian Levy

As far as prior involvement is con-
cerned, Brian Levy prbbably has all of
the adequate qualifications to be SA
Vice President, and the ASP almost en-
dorsed him. But we found some real
ideological problems and character
[laws which hindered us.

Like Sue Gold, Levy tcttdcd to flue»
male on issues and ideas and presented
too many inconsistencies to get tltc en-
dorsement. At titncs he was on tltc
defensive, and at other times was quite
indecisive.

Although ltc deems himself qualified
also for the presidency, Levy put
forth few outstanding proposals for SA
and for students in general. His aims
scented centered around fun—oriented
projects such as musical chairs, hats at
basketball games, Homecoming,
teaching awards. and cable TV —— all
things which we could realistically do
without.

He feels that SUNYA‘s problem is
that it is state-funded and not "it Divi-
sion One school." which prescnts very
little leeway in effectively addressing
issues.

Othcr remarks such as "whether it
person is competent or not doesn‘t mat-
tcr as long  hc‘s hard working" and
that thch is “no real wall, only as
perceived by students,” botltcrcd us pro-
fuscly.

chy also said that lie ttcvcr brought
the election fraud issue to light because
he assumed that SA President Liszt
Ncwntark knew about it and that. as
prcsidcttt and “tltc guardian of student
interests," he thought site was handling
the situation ltcrsclf. We found this
loyalty and faith inappropriate ideas for
tltc Vice Chair of the Legislative Branch.

Levy tltcn turned around and blasted
Newmark as being a weak president, a
non-pusher, labelling ltcr administration

 

\ ‘ V l '
D” . .
'r' 
' . .Au'x

452‘

as known for its “obnoxious” attitudes
and bchavior.

While ltc said he sttpporlcd tltc
resignations of the initial conspirators in
the election scandal, ltc votcd lil Council
against impeachment proceedings.

He appeared more assertive and ttctivc
titan Baitntan did, yet too many of his
ideologies cludcd us.

Levy’s ttctivc lnvolvcntcttt ittclttdcs tltc
position of Student Services Chair,
working to revise tltc housing contract,
refrigerators, UAS, Health Services. and
others. He is a member of two commit-
tccs on the University Senate, on an
equal, if not better. par titan Baitntun.
But we arc forced to rcsist from cndors-
log chy due to our ovcrttll impression
of his character.

 

 

lack of leadership that put'llicttlcs
Student Association. .

But tltcrc cart be changes. l have
proposed an initiative/referendum
procedure \vhcrcby students can
propose and enact legislation; or rc-
jcct legislation that has already been

passed. As a Central Council
member and Class of ‘8! President,
l have always been open to ttcw
ideas gettcratcd through Quad
Ilitiitl’ds and by going door to door.
in other offices l have held, ‘1
have concentrated my cncrgics
toward tltc job. This is crucial. lttlli
Confitlcnt that i would realize tltc
I potential of tltc position of Student
Association President.

strong.

cltttngc.

Use your brain
and your tax card and vote.
for your choice this week
Let’s get a turn-out!

 

"aunt

As far as involvement goes, Mark
Lafayette may be the most qualiﬁed can-
didate for the ofﬁce of SA vice, presi-
dent. As an active member of the
University Senate, Central Council. and
Student Services Awards Committee,
Lafayette has worked to improve stu-
dcttt life here at SUNYA.

The basic problem we had with
Lafayette was his character and his im-
age. There exists a serious lack of faith
in his conviction, dedication, and
sincerity. To attract a student body ltc
must be able to project integrity and
confidence. Lafayettc is still convinced
tltui his decision to keep quiet about last
year‘s election fraud was ltt the best in-
tcrcsts of students, and we doubt
whether he could ever regain support
and respect quickly enough. Time spent
in that manner is titttc that SA may ill be
able to afford. Lafayette should always
work for SA; his project-oriented style is
needed. But tt position of such leader-
ship in SA is not tltc best place for Mark.

Mark Lafayette. ~ >

 

 

  

 

 

Dean Betz

Keep a closc eye on Dcttn Bet] itt tltc
futurc. Hc has a lottg way to go and if he
plays an active role itt tltc Association,
this candidatc may ottc day bccotnc
president.

A first semester frcshman, Bctz has
absolutely no experience in SA and real»
ly doesn’t know the first tlting about it.

Tltc scandal, "tltc proliferation of on
SA bureaucracy," and committees that

rtttt for tltc vicc presidency.

Betz has bcctt active in the Student
Union and is a national organizcr of tltc
Albany Pcacc Project. in addition to
that he’s done some production work
for tltc ASP.

His campaign is costing him 5 bucks
as compared to tltc hundreds most of tltc
otltcr candidates have spent: ltc works
with Xcroxcd posters, door-to-door
puigttlng, and word of mouth.

And what a mouth.

lith sccs SA its working merely on
short tcrttt goals in tltc past, while tltcy
should be working on longer
achievements such as cvctttual collective
bargaining with administrators, corn-
plctc lcuchct evaluations, and a larger
role in littdgclAannL

seem to “do nothing" prompted Bctz to

(Photo: Will Yunnan)

 

Dean claims that, if elected, he wants
students “on my ass telling tnc what to
do or what l’vc done wrong." Artd Dean
is absolutely sincere in his concerns for
students. His efforts might be better
dircctcd toward SASU or tltc Union. But
if ltc gttins more knowledge ltt SA af-
fairs, his idctts could be developed, and
dcvclopcd to tltc point of effective SA
lcadcrship.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sue Gold

Students are disillusioned with
Student Association. They feel that
it doesn’t work for them. SA docs,
howcvcr, httvc tltc potential to bc a
viable organization
students. Wc ttccd leadership that
rccognizcs tltc problems and that
will tiCllVCly initiate and implement

for

SA has developed into an ad-
'illllilSlt‘tllli/L‘ body which tends to
hide behind a seemingly closed of-
l‘icc door. The SA President must
rc-fuctts student government to en»
cottragc studcnl ittvolvcmcnt and

 

.As SA President my stylc will still
be open — going out to the quads,
going door to door, spcuking to
people on tltc podium and itt tltc
Campus Center —- this will all con-
tinuc.

This year tltc voters will be
deciding on essentially one issttc #
effective leadership. i ask for sup—

' port.

 

input. For example, open forums
on issues and grievances must be
held to finally give students tltc op-
portunity to actively discuss student
concerns, plan their actions. By‘
creating an SA Group
students will be able to get active
t cncourrtgcmcnt to participate itt tltc
tnttny different groups which their
tax dollars fund.

The SUNY budget has been
slashed year after your and SA must

play an active role in protcctlttg slu-
dcnl interests itt tltc legislature. liy
establishing tt pcrmaltcnt lcgislatlvc
office and rckindling tltc Student
Alliance, wc cart take advantage of
our Albany location and establish a
continuous prcssttrc downtown. In
coordination with SASU and tltc
Student Union, SA cart promote
ongoing lobbying, and letter writing
campaigns. Efforts cart also he
directed to lobbying programs
within tltc city of Albany that con»
ccrn issues such as housing rcgttltt»
lions, women's safety, and voting
rights.

A third bttt ttot final area that tltc
SA l’rcsidcnl must apply pressure
to is tltc University's continuing to
commit itsclf to fostering uttd tintin-
lahtittg a quality education. Good
advisement is hard to come by. As it
University Senator and tltc student

Fair. | member of the Tenure Cotttmittcc,

i have worked to irtcludc advise-
tttcnt as a criteria for tenure. thus
providing incentive for professors
to responsibly advise forced to
seriously address tltc advisement

tlvc rolc lll developing student pccr
udviscmcnt programs withltt each
department.

SA can work for students, btn
lenders are ttccdcd who have a
broad background in SA, who
rccognirc tltc problems, attd have a
clear vision of tltc solutions.

l llthL‘ fought for students tutti
will cotttittttc to figltt. l’osilivc
changes rcquirc art outspoken,
lcztdcr and l bcllcvc that l trttly am
that lcudcr.

Jeremy Carlson

Yeah. l'ttt runnlm l‘m ruttttittg
for SA President, ttndcr tltc guise of
Jeremy “.lttmpcr" Carlson, pro-
buny as honest a guise as you'll

find in any candidate. Forget wordy .

postch that say nothing. Forget
petty scandals that took a separatist
group and scvcrrcd it even more.
Forget Lisa Newmnrk, Craig
Weinstock, .iim Mitchell, Suc Gold,
Jim Castro-Blanca. Gary Schatsky',
Mark Lafayette, and forget Brian
Levy. Forget SA entirely, because i

want it to start from utter scratch
again.

The place needs reorganization.
Thoroughly. and completely. What
we've got now is a dangerously low
percentage of students interested.

Just administration robots working,

hard for a law school application
and a prottd smile on mom's face.
Well that self-satisfying mass of in-
cffcctivcttcss is SA today, a student
government minus students,
philosophy, minus goals, out of gas
in an energy crisis all its own.

So we start at poirtt zero. We stop
thinking short-term and design on
SA that will rtot just satisfy the
needs of it single year president, but
tltc need of rt growing, continuous
SA. We work hard towards unity
and making each other acutely
aware of all tltc issues, so we reach
ottt and deal with you a lot more,
you the students. But who are
“we” and who are “you”, and
aren’t we really one and the same?

if you know me, you kttow wltol
nm, and what i believe in, and how
I will work for it. if you don't, just

problem. SA must also take an uc- continued

 

_----__A

 

