‘;-c eer-vu/ri‘"

   

 

 

Lloyd C. Bishop

As a former Central Council Represen-
tative. l was appalled by the lack of con-
sideration afforded students by SA in its ac-
tion concerning tlte recent scandal. i guess I
had expected a response of a much higher
caliber from my former colleagues. At tltis
point it can only be said tltat if SA's respon-
sibility is to act in tire student's best interest.
it has failed miserably on this issue. Studettts
have every right to feel disillusioned attd
betrayed by their representatives.

Central Council’s response to tire scartdal
was irresponsible and utterly ridiculotts.
Granted. tlte charge tttudc by Comptroller
Craig Weinstock and Director of Academic
Concerns .lint Mitchell. tltat their side of the
story was ttot heard. may very well have been
true. However. tltc fact remains tlratr art il-
legal act was committed by these gentlemen
and that they are being allowed to continue in
office as if nothing ltad ltappetted. A resolu-
tion calling for their resignations was con-
verted. unbelievably. to a getteral censure of
everyone involved. Essentially, this m~ans
that Council “strongly disappr'oves" of the
actions of all who knew of tire scandal. How
cute.

It is part of Council's responsibility to
foster art effective attd credible Student
Association. Sttclt an Association is tlte only
one which can positively represent sttrderrt
concerns. In turrt. this cart only be ac-
cotnplislted if SA rrternbcrs conduct
themselves itt such manners which corrrrttzrrrd
the respect oftltc University community. Utr-
l'ortunately. Council tltctttltct’s, ovctnltclttts‘tl
by the emotional presentation of those asked
to resign by the proposed resolution. were
fooled into believing that the good of the
Association could best be scr\ ed by keeping
these people in ofﬁce. llcrc ('ottttcil made it
very serious tnistake. In fact. the thtllhlltl}
of SA. and therefore its ability to present
student concerns effectively. was dealt a
serious blow The official administration
posttiott of ttotrittvolvcrttctrt is. I suspect, just
that —- ofﬁcial. What does the tttllttlttislttt»
tiort and faculty ran/l)- thitrk of SA right
now? If you were a faculty lllCtlllVCl sersirrg
on the University Senate. which “ill be t'stttv
siderirtg cotrtirttted student representation on
that hotly. how would _|‘tlll sotc‘.’ losing
representation on the Senate would be ct imil»
ing to student interc. since the Scttatc makes
academic policy. Sttch art occurrence would
be the direct result of Council's action and
SA President Newrnark's inaction.

The fact that Central Council fell for srrch
ludicrous arguments as: (l) Mitchell.
Weittstock. attd Lafayette hase .r.ffcrcd
enough through the publicity; (2) that it is

 

too late iii the year to do anything; (3) that
they deserve a second chance because school
is the last place one can make a mistake; (4)
that Mitchell and Weinstoek were ltelpirtg a
friend start it career; and (5) that ltavitrg these
gentlemen resign would cause more ltarm
than good because of their value to S.A. is
shocking. This only indicates that Courteil is
incapable of separating personal feelings
from the objective representation of consti-
tuents.

Our studettt government refused to see its
duty and carry it out. For this reason we. the
students. must act to protect our interest
where our SA hasn't. I suggest the following
courses of action:

l’irst. call or visit the SA office arid ask
for NL‘thlul'k (lease a rtrcssagc if she's not
in). Demand the resignations of Jim Mitchell.
Craig \Vcirtstock'. Senator and Central (‘oun~
cil Representative Mark Lafayette attd Ccn-
lral ('ouncil ('ttair Mike Levy (the first tltrcc
_

"we I" «Maw—m, . . ..

..—..-u

 

 

 

 

 

_— __.———
for their involvement ill the initial cover-up
and l e\ y because ltc is the r'cprcsctrtatitc of
tltc legislatitc branch which is supposed to
check the c\cctrtisc for just this kind of
thing). Second. demand cspl: rations from
your tt‘ptcscntrttiscs for their action or,
rather. itttrctrotr. l-irt.r|l\. initiate .rrtd support
recall ct'torts on your trrntds l'or (‘orrrtcilrrrctr
\\lltI _\otr feel ttatc not acted responsibly
(there is t‘llll'Cllll) rt rccnll effort on ('olorrial
Quad l'ot lnl'rrycttc “Inch 1 fully support).

We cannot let this issue dic. SA. \tottld
inst lose It, l‘ttc consequences of their inac-
trott Illll too deep. Unless students lake the
irrrturtisc. all or ottr interest uill be trrtrt irt the
long rtrtt.

One final porrrt w it \\;ts \cry h.trd Ior tire
to suite tttts lettct. lltcsc pcoplc arc decent
rrtdistdttals. l'ltc) ate my friends. llttt Ill)
trictnls ttradc a mistake ﬂ a serious one.
Therefore. I tttnst separate Ill) personal feel—
ings Irorrt ttrc issue attd bc objectite. l'lrcy
l|.l\s‘ not acted iii a manner befitting
representatiscs of the people. 1 must [\IoICsI.

 

 
 

No Cutbacks

To the Editor:

They say cutback. we say strike back . . .
For those of you who have no idea what this
motto stands for. as well as those who do attd
have disregarded it out of typical 70's apathy.
please read carefully.

That beautiful. political machine.
spearheaded by the biggest sellout this SUNY
system ltas ever encourttcrcd. Hugh Carey.
has come to a decisiott to cut the ltell out of. a
theoretical equalizer. public education. Now
probany many of you feel that there is a
definite reason for this . . . Unfortunately
there isn't.

Public education is a rigltt not only for
those who have money. but for everyone,
regardless of economical status. Carey and
his advisors have corrte to a genius decision in
cutting rtot only tltc basic 2 percent across the
board for those institutions that are state
funded. btrt an additional SUNY cutback on
top of it.

Where does this leave as? Well. as of trow.
intensive lobhyirrg has been dottc. The
legislators have heard our voices. a ltarrdfttl
of voices. llttt trow is the time for SUNY as
an entire entity to take a stand. We rrrtrst
show that circus l-rttlcr‘. Carey. that we do
not accept his reasoning behind a budget cut.

Unless we remain a university, a good
university. our diplomas artd degrees won't
be worth even the prirtt on it. which will be
rto fault of this university.

All we have is a chattce . . . one rrtore
chance before the legislature makes its final.
decision . . . remember. they say cutback. we
say strike brick. Let our voices be heardll

— Mitcttell A. (itccbcl

Creative Writing

To the litlitor:

I would like to address this letter to Debbie
Scartran. \ilro c\prcssetl hcr dissatisfaction
with the Mmclt issttc ol' Timeout Magazine itt
last l‘tresday‘s .-l.\'l' (Match 25).

Ms. Seaman’s discontent. as sltc said
herself. had stemmed from what she
“c\pcctcd atrd what was actually cotttairtcd
irt this maga/inc." llo\\c\‘ct‘. il' Ms. Seaman
ltrrd tlrotorrgtth read the issttc front cover to
enter. she would have realized that this
maga/inc. on the “hole. was nothing short of
“but sIrc trad espccted it to be. namely a
maga/irtc tttat tras ser'tcd to represent the
ctcatisc. lilctrtt) efforts of SUNYA students.

Ms. Seaman cited \\llill slte considered to
be it "saturation" of pro-fernittist articles.
referring to Mint was only at two-page expose
on tape. I am sorry that its “rrrot‘bidity” has
upset Ms, Seaman. or ' tyortc .elsc for that
rttattcr. but the very serious nature of the
strbjcct itsclt‘ (otre that is far frotn pretty) has

 

necessitated the seemineg grisly manner in
which it was presented.

Ms. Seaman also asserted that Tangent
had failed to contend with the many con.
troversial issues of today. Though the issue
of rape. as I've tried to make clear before. is
one nevertheless deserving of attention. M5.
Seaman's misconceptions of the maga/ine
should be cleared if she would refer to the
other twenty-two pages. The editors have
strived consistently to present material not
only on the basis of its literary. artistic merit,
but also on the basis of its significance in
relatiott to our culture arid society. in this
issue. our short stories. such as “Utilities,”
"Henry." and "Food for the Chaintnan." ltr
ttante a few. are the first examples of this
which spring to mind. not to rncntiort poetry
that is both well written and meaningful.

Therefore. l urge Ms. Seaman to reread
the issue and recortsider her standpoint,
Tuneer Magazine. I admit, may trot have
been the “journal of creative writing" she
had anticipated; indeed. in rrty opinion it is
tnuch rrtorc.

— Laura L. Dcrrrsch
Fiction lxrlitor
Tangent rWllL'tIEl/lr'

Golden Headaches

’l'o llte Editor:

For those who associate the daily life ot the
Senior Citizen in Albany with the "Golden
Years" attd baking toll house cookies. there
is sorrtctltirtg defitritely lacking in your \lt'\‘..
This is especially true when you consider the
older person who is a recipient of l'tttrrl
Stamps or who. in rrratty cases, is eligible lan
is ttot receiving tltettt. Mtrst citi/ctts cspcr‘t
that once a program such as Food Stamps r.
established. it will be effectively carried out,
and that those wlto were intended to berrclrt
Would itr reality benefit from it.

There are a rrtyriad of factors which can
determine the difference between pttyitty lltt
rctrt or eating. between good lrealttr and poor
health. atrd ittdccd. between life and death.
for the older person needing l-'ood Sltttrrps. it
the cliettt cart manage to wade through all or
the contplcs forms (assrrtttirrg he, she tr.r
found tr'ansr  ration to |)cp:t|tttrctrt or
Social Services. oltctr greatly lacking in t‘trll
ncctions to and from outlying areas) l|I.r| r
an acctnttplishmcrrt itt itself.

lltrt one of tttc most glaring pt'oblcrrrs th-
in ttrc inaccessibility ol' rrlitaittttrt' loozt
Stamps from distribution sites. 01' corn-r.
you can look through lltc shch given our .rr
I).S S. to discover the list of banks \\|ltI1t|r'
supposedly distributors. ll looks \‘ct_\ llltt' on
paper . . . that is just not enough. ttrurrr'rr,
when yott fittd that tttany of tttc banks on
that list do riot distribute l-'ood Stamps .rr .rlt
of their branches.

 

It is our dttty as members or this corrrrrrrnrr
ty to become aware of the plight of clrlctl\

 

 

 

.35 H6? FAMILH’

 

 

  

WER‘HDHEMARER also it

Elbe- To TRA- _ 1'0
mmwrrprﬁu FR
To caevrce Th6 mm c

 

(MI [11’ W“!!! “HUN

 

 

826 NUDE? P20-
vrr) t? PPOTFCTOR
r’tkll” HEAD OF Tltb"
FAtttts’ ,

 

 

mumhng

.frt‘ "trtiﬂr'

llci ‘ [Kl/f ix."

uﬁwmrw. up

WMAMW‘ Jr
rtttEE’rt—‘r

 

 

 

 

   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

