 

 

.l,‘,

 

   
 
  

or
Spaghetti
S u a c e,

161'.

Veal Patties and

Served with Meat
Parmesan

Cheese, Roll and But-

coke ' Maps
Stationary

WITH THIS COUPON
Buy one get one free.
ULTRA GIANT

H l G H L I G H T E R

MARKERS

various colors
October 1980 o n l y

'ook {louse
of Stuyvesant Plaza

489-476]

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

bXPERlENCE

r

$ “in:
“E FHWTMH
lfa52K ﬂES’TélEgRsN AVE.

fha‘xuies Franc CAIN-[Ins
Our Spec/ally

   

   

Mechanical pencil fans are
 all shook-up over the Pilot
r “Shaker”and NED-X lead.

my lust shake titt:“5tiaker" out comes a sliding protective
-’ sleeve then the lead‘ Want more lead? Shake it again!
That's all II takes to advance the lead in this beautiful,
$5.98 mechanical irencni Anti it comes WllIl the
famous Pilot .9 year unconditional guarantee.

Then there's our extra strength NEO X lead We've proven it's the
/ strongest lead iii the world, Comes in tour diameters and various degrees
to fit all mechanical pencrls. The "Shaker" mechanical Pencil and NEO-X lead
Shake if or “click it”, It’ll come out great in the end.

4'4 ,

 
 
 
  

Szechuan, Hunan, and Cantonese.
Polynesian DI/nk Available

 Dracun‘t wilt Sluderd' 7a.: and
we 7i“ Win. In
JUST 1 MILE WEST OF STU‘fVESANT PLAZA

 

 

 

 

 

“"élPiiorj insanity

 

 

GREAT
RING
EXCHANGE.

(Or How To Get Your College Ring For Less.)

 

Trade up. 'l‘rarlr' in. A ml save. Because
ArtCarved offers you the unique opportun-
ity to trade in your 10K gold high school ring.

You can save up to $90 on the college ring of
your choice. And ArtCarved offers twenty
different styles from which to choose.

Get ready for The Great Ring Exchange. ‘ ,
You can’t afford to pass it up. .

amt RVED

OLLEGE RINGS
symbolizing your ability In (It‘llfl’llt‘.

.Mon., Tues, Wed.
Oct. 13,14,and 15 Campus Center Lobby

ll '- l)ate l.l)(‘(lIlt)il

 

 

 

 FOLLET SUNY BOOKSTORE

it ) illl‘iti Aitt‘ai vr-rl tollt‘gt' lflllus

Washington
Tavern
presents

HAPPY "OI"!

Sunday 2pm - 6pm
Bloody Mary $1.00
Moosehead 85¢

Sandwiches and
pizza served
ALL day

(WT’s- near the

corner of Western
and Quail)

 

 

 

 

 

 

JOE’S BARBER
SHOP

Cut and Styling
for Men

Price’s Reasonable
Your Patronage
is Appreciated

4639749
Ask for Joe

  

74 North Lake Avr-
Corner of liradforil

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

lh'ilr‘dlit'tillllt'll Mlt‘ylt‘l'LllllllMt‘iii Vl'illflt'll‘lill'il

 

 

INTERNATIONAL
CAREER?

A representative
will be on the campus
MONDAY
October 20, 1980
to discuss qualifications for
advanced study at
AMERICAN
GRADUATE SCHOOL
and iob opportunities
in the field of

INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT

interviews may be scheduled at
l’IACIiiMl'IN'I‘ ()ii'li‘ICi'!
ADMINTH'I'IIATION lll.l)(i.

AMERICAN GRADUATE SCHOOL
0' INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT
'lhundorblrd Campus
Oilndllo, Arilonl 05306

 

 

 

October 10, 1980

Way It With”

' Historically, people did not bathe often.‘
Water was scarce, faucets unheard' of. So
everyone wore ﬂowers. There were sliver
bracelets to hold small bouquets on tiny
wrists and bands to hold violets on broad-
brlmmed hats. Marie Antoinette stuck sprigs
of dogwood and Jasmine in her towering
coiffure. The Little Women were garlands on
their gowns; daisies dripped from their
decolletage An'ne Sullivan (Helen Keller's
teacher) pinned tea roses to her dotted swiss
graduation dress; she never felt ioveller, All
that remains of this glorious tradition is the
carnation in the buttonhole of the fat man.

Persephone was picking a dandelion and
the nice man called her over to his car.
There was steam on his window. so she
started drawing faces. Her father says it
leaves streaks. The man sat srnillng, pushing
his face againt the cold glass. it was funny.
Her mother told her to get iii the house. The
man drove away. “He could have pulled
you into the car," she said.

When you don't pick the dandelions from
your garden. it's like not shaking your foot
when It falls asleep.

Girls flower and lose their virginity.
There's talk of cherries. I

Lenny Bruce liked a girl, so he sent her a
room full of flowers.

He brought her flowers before the social,
They were wrapped in tin foil He looked at
her. "Here," he sold, “my mother said i
should give these to you," Then he ran
away.

Gwen is 27. She loves Mickey Mouse a
lot. She talks baby talk when she wants
something from her father. She finally got a
boyfriend. He sent her ﬂowers. They had lit-
tle black bugs in them.

When she was sick, Bill who lives with
Mona came to her window with a bouquet of
flowers. “How are you feeling little one?" he
asked. “Oh those are so nice," she said. “For
me?" "No," he said. “they're not for you."

When I was eleven, I was not ashamed to
say pussy willows. ,

Flowers make great code names Blue
Dahlia to Appleblossom Special. The nym-
phet is in the takehouse (the emeralds are in

yoltLlLlletached

The Student Notebook

the pie) over and out.

Darling Lillles of the Field. Flowers for
Algernon. Flower Drum Song. Carnations
and the dead. Martha’s Vineyard. Plnkster
rain. The man in the uniform said: “Don’t
eat the oleanders."

Whenever she hears "roses are red." she

thinks of Bobby Vlnton. K-Tel has done this.

Bob O'Brlan sent a love letter. "Roses are
red, violets are blue. daisies are yellow. grass
is green," it read.

Robin the Liar told me she found a 4-leaf
clover In my back yard. I asked to see it.
"O,K., but one of the leaves fell off." she
said.

in New York, a Hare Krishna gave us both
roses. “Would you like to make a small con
tribution?" she asked. "No," we said. She

 

took the roses back.

He loves me, he loves me not. (Daisies are
oracles, analysts, seers).

She saw a picture of a daisy growing in a
field. in Dachau.

We exchange our shoes for Japanese slip-
pers at her front door, pad in on the grass

carpet to her bedroom. Yumlko's magic
hands fold squares of paper into bright birds
and open flowers. From glass jars in the
cabinet, she picks tiny sugared mimosa
blossoms (oriental iawbreakers). Her mother
calls us into the kitchen. Tiny confection
roses bloom on her fingertips. petals squeez-
ed from a pastry tube with infinite patience
and artistry.

Rose Hips. Poison. Ivy. Jr. 108-15-1091

My sister has a little flower tattooed on her
lush. Now she has to walk around the house

overs"

 

with underwear on. My mother saw it.
“Cockamamle,” she said. “Now you can't be

‘ buried In a Jewishcemetery,"

But as soon as you pick the ﬂower it is
dead. And the chicken and the head, the
frog and the heart, and pre-arranged mar-
lrlages.

Billy Rose, Rose Royce, Rose-ann
Scamardelia. Rose Marie, Marcia Rose. Pete
Rose sat on a tack. Pete Rose (sorry).

There are chIVes growing at SUNYA. Jim
has eaten them. I have eaten them. They
need sour cream though.

She once brought me a black rose because
I thought they were the ultimate in sexiness.
It was really a white rose spray painted black.

Beth refuses to believe that flowers have
pistols. She also is a vegetarian when the
roast beef is too well done.

There are many rosy women, but only
one poppy seed lady.

She wants to fall asleep in the poppies
with Dorothy.

Manley gave .loy a flower. She smelled it.
“Minin . . . Chrysanthemum," she said.
"They don't smell," he said,

There is a series of photographs in the
album. The brother and sister (conceived in
Queens). to front of the birthday trees Suc-
cessivu springs saw him lenghten, his nose
grow. and his eyes narrow. Polo shirts gave
way to Arrow collars. She grew rounder and
moodier. For three years, her smile was
close-mouthed, concuultng tinsel teeth They
stand further apart in the later snap-
shots,w|iile the trees embrace in a pink and
white canopy oVL-rheiid.

At every birthday party Hilary says “Oh l'll
‘take the flower." She thinks it's like the end
piece of bread, the green Juicy fruit, the black
chuckle,

Plastic flowers last, but Jonny's father eats
them. I saw him. i must remember to thank
him.

They cleaned the bathroom. I mean really
cleaned. Now there's a mushroom growing
by the side of the sink. They haven't decided
if it's beautiful or not,

Someone told Ameriia Bedelia to prune
the hedges. You know the rest . .

Bottom St. James

The Blue Roses 0! Sharon
And The Lilies Of The Valley

Lily Lazarus came over from England on a
'boat bound for the States in 1883. She was

ltwelve years old. Someone bought her

passage to America with promises of a job or.
a maid upon her arrival. But she had been
deceived like so many other innocent young
girls. "There weren't never no job," she told
me, and by 1884 she was a prostitute turning
50 cent hicks in the back streets of the Sotitlr
find of Albany, She told me of her clients.
Sailors mostly, but others as well, and yet
there were all the some iii the end, They
would talk about their IIILII'TIlIfJI' problems,
always expecting to have SVIllililllIV lavished
upon them, and of course tifterwnrds it was
always the some; up against the wall ill the
alley behind Illt‘ iraloon

/\i first it hadn't been (lttlit‘ so bad, -.lri' told
lllt' Slit: lirlll lit‘t'li working in .r "house", in
stead of out on lllL‘ streets lilil slu' got
thrown out for stealing and breaking things
'l'liiittit'ii l/t'ill‘, old with lit) Illltllt‘l), no plot-v
to (in. illl‘ only places where ‘rllt' illllltl gi’l
sinin'tliiiig to mt \t't'ii' lllt‘ lot xll mil: min Ilrlii
gave out fll’t‘ liiiu lri's l‘lttt lilt’l,’ \voiililrr'l lt't
llt'i ||l lH‘t .iusti ‘vllt‘ me. Just .r t lrild. w it Wow
hack to being .i “Working girl" but tlII'vl' if you
were "working" you were always \Vt‘ll‘lilllt‘ III
.riiy rIle',

Soon tillt'l \lll‘ iiivt I‘litiiik, who started its
a l'llt‘iiI .irid t‘Ut‘lllllillll/ becnnn' her [iiiiip Ilt'
look l'ilIlf of her, llt‘ was o big man, "looked
like Diamond .liin Brody," she said to me.
But Frank only took care of lll'l if Priil‘
brought in $5.th a nlglii, which at Stir-uni.» .i
shot. Is no small inﬁll. if she didn't bring in
enough money, Frank would accuse her of
not trying hard enough and beat her up and
then send her back out again.

She litid one gentleman friend A boy of
19 whose name was Martin. Another ex-

client, but he was her friend. Or at least she
thought he was. But when Frank took her
away to Schenectady, she pleaded with Mar-
Illi to take her away with him. She knew he
had enough money to buy her from Frank,
Brit Marlin had renounced all ties with the
outside world. Just when she needed him.
he decided to give up all his worldly corr-
eerrrs and lit'ctillic a devoutly religious
fanatic He stopped eating and sleeping and
even speaking to women. Lily never saw
Iitlli again

i met l.in til .i ilirnlylit lid! in downtown

1

 

Albany. I had seen her sitting at the bar,
laughing and talking excitedly. The many
rings on her ivory hands glitleied from the
reflection of the one red light bulb hanging
from the ceiling. Even in the semi-darkness,
she stood out among the crowd. She liild
cascading ringlets of jet black hair and
crystalline green eyes that looked as if she
could see into other worlds. As she talked,
she chainsmoked little brown cigars and
drunk vust quantities of gin. l lis'eiieil in
fascinated inystifk'ulion to this inexplicable
yet entertaining churnctt'r “til I turned

  

around for a moment and she was gone!
From my corner seat l scanned the entire
room, but she was nowhere to be iourrd. i
asked the bartender where she had gone and
he laughed. He pointed to a table two feet
away from me, but i only saw a thin, black-
haired woman sipping a black cherry soda,
staring off into space, I stared at her through
the smoke-filled haze and all at once I reallz»
ed . , , It was Lily! In total confusion, i walk-
ed over to the table and sat down next to
Ill'l,

“Lily, wlry'd you just get up and leave?
Did I say anything to offend you?"

“Excuse me, Miss, my name's Sharon.
Sharon Liiiretti',"

"But what about Lily? You ivere Lily five
minutes ago!"

"Yes, that's just it. You see, five minutes
ago | mus l.in Lazarus, She borrows my
body sometimes," she said quite iiitittei'»of-
ftii‘tly

You know, I'm tlillli)5l embarrassed to ad»
niit Ii, but I believml her. it llliltlt’ so lllthll
sense. I had wondered how someone who
looked about 25 Cntiltl have IM'I’II 12 years
()III In 1883, lsupposc I had thought she was
kidding, or something. i hadn't thought
about it really, l'd been so errruptured by her
tales that It didn't seem to matter if they were
true or not. it didn't seem to matter to her
reither. ‘

I never found out the real story about Lily
and Sharon. Maybe Lily Is a psychic, maybe
she's one of those multiple personalities, I
don't really know. I don't know if I even want

|to find out the truth. She seems happy; they
lbotli do. Perhaps she took a look at the real
world and decided she preferred the flowers
let her fertile imagination.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

