  

ProfIO-p posd§brisft I

_______.le‘" M38 l“

The following are excerpts of Professor
Magld’s opening remarks at a debate bet-
ween himself and Representative Samuel S.
Stratton (D-N. Y.) on the issue of the
reinstitution of the draft. The debate took
place on November 24, 1980. at Linton
High School. Alvin Magid is Associate Pro-
fessor of Political Science at SUN YA.

As charges and counter charges regarding
the nation's security and the preparedness
of its armed forces grow like topsy in this
season of our anxiety. it is well to recall that
the political fevers aroused by this issue
have already become something of a
'tradition' in American public life. Since
the end of World War ll. we have borne
witness periodically to hysteria regarding
Soviet and Communist Chinese motives
and capabilities, and to demands from
various quarters. both governmental and
nongovernmental. that the nation’s hand he
strengtltened militarily against the alleged
menace.

The question that engages our interest
this evening is shall we restore the draft
system in U.S. military policy. or shall we
retaitt the system of volunteer armed forces.

l strbscribe to the proposition that. on
balance. this country‘s interest irt pro—
moting national security and military
preparedness is best served by retaining, but
refortnirtg. the volttnteer armed forces.
Among the considerations tltat dispose tire
to adopt this position are the following:

'From the intensity of the controversy
presently surrounding the volunteer armed
forces, one might easily conclude that the
draft systctn has had the longer lineage in
U.S. history. As President Nixon himself
observed in reinstating the voltrrttccr con-
cept: “We have lived with the draft so long
that too many of its accept it as normal and
necessary." l'rcciscly because so litany of us
do regard the military draft “as trorrnal and
necessary" Americana. it is important to
stress tllat. front a longer historical perspec-
tive, the draft represents not the 'ule irt our
military life, but an exception pressed upon
us it) periods of great national emergency
and/or great anxiety over the nation’s
security — e.g.. the Civil War. World War
l, World War ii, and the post-World War
ll era down to I973. But differently. from
the Constitutional Convention year, I787,
to the present —- a period spanning 193
y.ars —— this nation has had recourse to the
draft concept for fewer than 50 years —
representing barely one-quarter of the life

of the Republic from its founding.

Divisiveness within American society and
its body politic resulting from the long, in-
conclusive Viet-Nam venture caused the na-
tion to reinstate the volunteer concept in its
military policy. In 1970, the Gates Commis-
sion established by then President Nixon
recommended that the draft system be
abolished in favor of the volunteer concept.
That recommendation. implemented by
President Nixon in June 1973. set in train
the controversy which persists to this day
over the suitability of‘the volunteer armed
forces. numbering around l.8-2.0 million
men and women — to ensure the nation's
security in air era still marked by great anx-
iety over (I) the motives and capabilities of
our leading rival in international affairs. the
Soviet Union. and (2) the course of events
in Asia, Africa. Latin America. and the
Middle East.

is the volunteer force. in existence less
than seven years. able to shoulder the
burden of the nation's political and military
policy? Is the volunteer force in a state of
readiness adequate to defend the national
territory and to help promote the nation's
diverse interests abroad? Is the strength of
the volunteer force equal to the task of
helping the U.S. to project its power
abroad, whatever that concept may mean
-— especially lll such sensitive. unstable
areas as Southeast Asia. tltc Middle lirw.
and Southern Africa? Some respond affir-
matively to one or more of these questions,
others negatively. and still other». with great
uncertainty. In trntlr. we shall not be able to
answer any of these questions with great
confidence withorrt a concrete test or tests.
All that we Catt — anti must — do in the
ttrcatttirttc is ask if there is any aspect of the
volunteer armed forces as presently cori-
stiltited that gives cruise for concern. if not
outrigltt alarm as they ttndcrlttkc to per-
form their eomplex tasks.

I say to you this evening that the
vollttttccr armed forces are indeed beset by
problems. some major, others minor.
Among the major problems are those of
recruiting anti retaining adequate force
strength. especially in such key areas as
technical specialists, combat pilots, physi-
cians. and so forth. impressive im-
provements in base salary. fringe benefits.
and retirement schedules. initiated during
the ViebNtun era and continued after I973.
remain unattractive to many such key per-
sonnel groups in these inflationary times.
lnadeqttate housing for military personnel

and their dependents, long sea duty. and
prevailing rotation patterns continue to
erode individual and military family
morale. thereby exacerbating the retention
problem. Despite disclaimers from some
quarters, the armed forces —— especially the
combat arm ofthe Army — continues to al-
tract disproportionately large numbers
from among the least advantaged sectors of
the population — blacks, Hispanics. and
poor whites. The growing number of high
school dropouts. linked to problems of in
discipline. insufficient literacy. and rapid
turnover especially in the Army. is. as it
should be, a matter of concern.

But I hasten to add that these problems
are not peculiar to the volunteer armed
forces in recent American history Rising
inflatiotr has long eroded the economic
package of volunteer and conseripi alike.
lttdequatc atrtertitics in the lives of rrrilitary
personnel and their dependents. exacer-
bating the problem of morale. antcdatc the
shift ill 1973 to the volunteer concept. Most
such problems will be ameliorated only by
rcsloring health to the trutional economy,
and by the allocation of resources to the
military which reflects that regained health.
In tltc meantime. we shall have to weigh
even more seriously than heretofore tltc in-
verse relationship between att escalating
dL'icllsc birdch (which promises to surpass
$200 billion next year) ttrtd our persistent
ccortortiic doldrums; we, and other
societies. havc long known that economic
growth, a principal indicator of ceottotnic
health. tends to decline with increases irt
defense spending.

In the meantime. too, we shall have to
consider what reforms in the operation of
the volunteer artncd forces are likely to
enhance their effectiveness.

'Tlterc rerrtaiti bill two matters to cort-
sider before I conclude my remarks.

Tltc first ltas to do with the proposal fre—
quently heard that there should be created it
national scnice corps — with civilian and
military options. Sonic proponents of the
idea extol it as a means of restoring civic
values and civic education to a central place
in the nation's life. Other proponents see
the national service corps as a convenient
way of rcinstitutirtg tltc military draft
system. While I myself have some limited
sympathy for the idea of a voluntary na-
tional service corps -~ with civilian and
rrtililary options -— l hasten to raise these
cautionary questions: is a national service
corps likely to promote civic values and

 
 
  

Volunteer Army is Adequate; Reforms are Needed

civic education, or merely hollow moraliz-
lug destined to intensify cynicism and
alienation among the nation’s youth? is the
issue of equity likely to be resolved by a na-
tional service approach based on the
obligatory principle? For example, are not
the risks and hardships associated with con-
scripted military service far greater than
those associated with service on an lndiatr
reservation or in a community hospital?
Will those recruited ‘to the national service
corps on the civilian side compete with or-
dinary workers in the labor force. thereby
intensifying social strains? is the principle
of representative democracy strengthened
or weakened with the inevitable need to
lodge great power iii a government whose
responsibility would be to exercise substan-
tial control over the lives of trrany millions
of American youths enlisted iii the trational
service corps?

  

'My concluding remarks have to do with
the role of the tnilitarv, whether rooted in a
volunteer or a draft system, in the nation's
calculation of its moral, political.
economic, arid diplomatic interests
worldwide. [II this regard. i would ask wltat
arc the limits o‘.’ rrrilittrry power. nuclear and
conventional, as lllt nation seeks to pursue
those diversc interests? Will the proposed
Rapid Deplovrnent Force. reportedly
dcstiitcd to number some 100.000 troops at
a cost of $2.5 billion. wltctlrer it is formed
of volunteer or eonscript troops. serve oirr
interests iii a world whose l'tlturc conflicts
are likely more and tttore to resemble what
we have already encountered irr Vict-Nam
rtrrd what we now see itt Afghanistan.
Ethiopia. iran and lrttq. Natnibia,
Nicaragua. El Salvador, and Cambodia?
Does the impulse to deploy ever more
sophisticated military technologies —
among them the MX missile. projected to
range in cost front $34 billion to over $100
billion —— and whose intrinsic dialectic
spawns counterpart weaponry among otir
principle rival. the Soviet Union, serve the
natiottal interest, alongside either the
volunteer or the draft armed forces? It is
past time to access with greater acuity the
relationship betweert strategic issues and the
limits of military power, nuclear and corr-
ventional, in the world today arid tomor-
row.

 

 

SEES-It!!!

 

2,:Revcsse [71.90lith .1]

   
 

n
l

/ ’3
"i
ll

‘3
ill” "'

 

  

   

l

   
 

ill "lil'l‘lfi
.  it if "

5: EQUAL oeeomonnvﬂ

 

6: ﬁgwmue srmnees JD

 

test I Am MOP
[Egg‘tzzayoUmee-dhm

""- Iao Alumn- «mn-

WORK PLACE .5

if
film
/

 

 

 

 

 

 

Welcome to the future! The year is 2080 AD. just one hundred
years — a cosmic speck —— from the era you live in. 1 am writing to
you because you are at that precise fulcrum In history where each
action will be magnified ten-fold in the next century. We have made
our own mistakes, It’s true. but i feel It would be to everyone's
benefit Io share out 20—20 hindsight. To better understand the gravi-
ty of your actions, I have been asked’to escort you thrt .tgh a brief
chronology from then (you) to now (me).
Oh yes, in case you were wondering how
this journal came into your hands. we've
engineered the control of time; i would have
liked to talk to you in person but our
technology limits us to timebridging in-
animate objects.

Mankind's physiology has changed little
in a hundred years: the forces that your peer
Darwin defined are not so ephemeral as to
have had any effect. “Styles.” as you called
them. have reduced almost all of those frilly
linen apendages to memories. We know
what the human body looks like -— there is
no reason to constrict or suffocate a person
simply to outline it.

The environment remains as essentially
what you have come to know 7» the only
inonui'nenial Change being along the
eastern seaboard of the Nameric Continent
(what you called “North America." i
believe). A small fault zone in the Adirondack Hills and a si
in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Tennessee have joined like tentacles
to form a geographic split named the Hucarey Fault. after a delested
provincial governor of the time.

Air, soil. water, and noise pollution still plague us as our archives
show they plagued you. But what you didn’t realize was that the ab»
sorblion capacity of the geosphere decreases with each unit of input.
The Hamilton Theory, which attempted to prove that Earth could
not handle pollution at your present rate past 2150 has been
modified — but that only gives my people until 2175.

That, in a nutshell, is man and his environment to date. Things
have changed, but a foresighled man of your era could easily have
predicted what would occur by simply following the velocity and ac-
celeration of changes up to then.

  

1n social and societal terms, though. one hundred years is a very
long period. Entire outlooks of one generation may be ruled ir-
relevent by the next. Let me prove this by example —

l have researched the archives in reference to an era that existed
a century before yours. What i have found are political skirmishes.
social class systems, economics. and entire governments that would
make little or no sense to you. in 1880, Darks were just beginning to
use the Special Ten of the Constitution, whereas in 1980 it is
your females that seek the same priviledges (this i can tell you:
they will succeed).

in 2080 It is a more spiritual concern
that underlies our philosophy, but
before i can explain the nature of the Mes-
sianic Trust, you must first know its
foundation.

 5.391215

   
   

milar rift

Labor. unorganized because'ofthelr outlawed unions,
could do little as management shut down operations until they
received a voice on the presidential cabinet. This
phenomenon repeated itself In most of the Industrialized na-
tlons, the end result being a hybrid form of socialism — the
businesses owned the governments. .
Humanity under business was dealt a strong blow. The
arts present llttle materialistic value, and so all
but charitable funding was cut off. "Output"
replaced “Equality” as the goal of mankind.

Beyond the European Wars of the late
,1990'8, little Changed the course of history
'for some forty years. Why should anything
change — after all, the economists had proved
that deviation from the norm ls quite unproflt
able.

One trivial note that deserves mention: The
“Zero Syndrome” of U.S. presidents dying In of-
fice was finally broken  In the election of
2020. - .

Man has always been a stubborn animal,
like an ass that takes a swift kick to bring
him to his senses. In 2037, the non-corporate
owned governments of Cambodlnam and
Brazll went to war. Where business might have
known that conflict costs profit margins. pride
had no logic. On September 12, 2037 man-
kind got its kick. It may have taken
a small-scale nuclear war, but people began looking
beyond their time cards to where they were.The world,
business, “things” had grown too big — a hand was need-
ed.

A return to basics was urged, cults grew and gained
followers searching for some mystical solution. Theology,
piety, and self-denial were offered as a cure to the 8:47— 5:13
grind (scientists had found those to be man’s most efficient
hours).

Once relegated to being classified as an unnecessary
luxury or a phenomenon of the middle class, the media
regrouped to recoup Its losses. The war had left people feel-
lng alienated. Men were dying and the average family
couldn't hear about it on the dinner-time broadcast. Over
the five years following the war, though, an overlndulgence
in journalistlc Input after the long fast left most mlnds
unable to function in their small world without a
knowledge of the larger world around them.

Capitalizing on their newfound “popularity,” the Media
became the new power brokers in earthly chess game.

While latter-day Walter Cronkites molded men‘s minds, a
still unfulfilled gap remained in men's hearts. Christ, the
messiah. the savior was turned to; though no one knew for
sure if he existed for the crucifixion, his coming to the aid
of man was looked to again. False
Sons sprang up faster than weeds,
each preaching a philosophy but

MINIMUM/51mm"! PIESSMHUHIWE none bearing thexvprd of the Lord.

"Out of SA debt s/nce 1980"

And here I am, Everyman In 2080.

Business boomed in the 1980's. It Editors I’ve read about your world and I feel
was as if all holds had been removed. 106_38_8496 that I know you. In trying to unfold
Each wave of investors, financiers and ac- 05944-1898 the future for you i hope that I’ve

countants outshadowed their
predecessors. Industrialization and
computerization in the private sector
was truly state-of—the—art —— at least for a
while. President Bush released the now
villifled “Budget for 1986" that threw
the WOrld economy into an uproar and
revolutionized democratic rule. Bush call-
ed for the elimination of all perSOnal in-
come taxes. and Instead funding govern-
ment with business taxes alone. What
ensued was the great “Executive Strike"
of 1987.

Associate Editor
115-48-8994

FTB: 068-56-5520

Design and Layout
106-38-8496

 

.  . w,w¢ﬂ*-g&., Mum“...

Creative Output: 098-38-2210

Transporter Room: 071-44-4066, 078-44-6352
Mental Puzzles: 050-58-6564

Scheduling: 114-46-8678

Audio-v,'deo been unbiased. There are forces In
0543816343 my society that would not allow me
to change the present by changing
the past.

But I feel that It Is my duty, my
friend. I must.

Read on to learn of the future and
the outlook of Its people. Reflect then

Slalfwr|i9f5= 109-44-3114. 083-38-8452, on the effect that your actions will
054-56-5520, 065-54~0245,
118-412-9658, 128-50-8872

130-52-7036, have on~ us, your great-
grandchlldren. Tomorrow, as today.

— 106-518-8496,

Concept
R2

 

 

