  
    

 

   
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
   
    
   
    
 
   
    
   
   
   
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

r

r

r) to? OUT
 wEPle

 

 

 

 

 

' BIcILBlum

 

Movies
On Campus
(All are at 7:30 and 10 pm.)

Friday
The Girls Who'll Do Anything LC 1
Onion Field LC 7
The Fog LC 18
S a t u r d a y
Alice '5 Restaurant LC 1
Onion Field LC 7
For God’s Sake, Get Out LC 18

r

Clne 1-6
Ordinary People
Elephant Man
Song of the South
It's My Turn
The First Deadly Sin

Colonic 1 a 2 " ,
Louing Couples
Oh God Book ii

Cine 7 ,
Put. Benjamin

UA Center 1 8: 2
Stardust Memories
Motel Hell

Hellmann Theatre
Hopscotch
linidnitc) Night 0/ the
Living Dead

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

UA Towne
Somewhere lit Time
Mualc
J.B. Scott’s
October'
31 Units l-iallowccn Party. Splilniks
Nouember, '
i Blottoween
2 Levon Helm, Kate Bros. Band
4 Rubber City Rebols' , and Lasers
5 Jim Fish
6 Muddy Waters
'This is our pix for next week.
WCDB 91-FM
a 9 10 11 12 13 iii ’
p2 4a 6ﬂ 7 ACROSS H tirnro'r, —— l.’ lirmt bastnsv
I :15 Hi It! marks ll Ont: it‘ﬂﬁtlllllllllggld
e I . . . ., , “,5 .
l Cilir’nrntn (iii‘uil‘vil’ tit; troll iluh part until i. an, I” . ‘ ‘ I
b j [J 18 tbr r19 l'uily initials in lPtilSlrlEin‘lli;:(3\lJt . Fri. 8.00 pin. DoVid
. g $- i it island-, at. of no ilittll part Ill .1 r); librarian (innit-:1 Bmmhcrg' LIV“ (u Mdvfml
r L ~' till it". grunt- r .ui' .‘ ,V
} 0 2 l5 iliglilillint-uiuian ‘il —— tit-stun Fit Doc severtnscn s
C T river ‘r.’ lit-rallwtn and Levin I”) auction ' Sm ['30 pm. “mum”.
b 5 16 Do a ihsncy job 54 [Ii-munt I"; r U] a n ow H Alli Hy VI) > A” '(l
2 [J ‘ 24 ' ' '6 ll ‘ b it] "One Touch of —- mny . to L vs. re
17 Numb it's‘flt Inter! ) onion to O V
0 with tillicfildlt‘ 57 Murc- disagreeable t.‘ fillvt‘ —— ‘ r
2 ’l 28 29 iii ('hut'ch of St. W irifltnt) lri litsencunther MU” H 00 pim- _ hulk,” LN“.
inhn —- (ii l’ut ill accord ti» ixcuscd
I v 4 l r ' - ' l‘lll‘tl ii erhtnnn city ThI-l-th-nnui-rtothn l0/l1crouwurd.
3 E) ’ I b 33 1‘) Dorothy 5 dog or iii ,itnin , ' ‘ ‘
T 20 lines department ﬁ’t [innit-n tools .tii illﬁlr’llltltttltil‘tl- Th. "mun",'..!w..l.puuh.n
.- ~ ()‘l Ataturnn and portionrl u y II r A l
 3 “mo W 4| i ill a thitk rout ‘3' “hi” i z
. 9;: itinrlu god ininimrl . .[t y , (' \ R \I\I\ NY : B A
‘ " ' ' if paint to . t . .
 ﬁ 0 pi ring trout A Churn. H (0‘ _ ‘ ) V I: “W I. I u
' r“ i tincy of iv, t.tl. t . t. d__
 ‘ 24 [Lilitrcss disapproval DOWN J." lll’r'ltttiflilly it [ M |_ 5 p '20“
an 45 46 48 25 College sports 1 litirtililij l)l'ltli)t' ( luxurious 11- 0
tournament, (utibr.) .' "litu drinks -———" it Mains not‘uhliu an n U N
'l 50 F1 Pt) Profit for bus or i luwmrtrops ~.t-.l .vtllii I :- S
ll49 l potent. at intuit/mat tit ti. ’titltttitlnllitit'. nt .
’ . 1th "in" ' tiiwuncrl weight tones 
5? 5 54 J  tilihtrludvs' w ‘ titt‘u‘dti’i‘ iii Lu: li-ttturu. for LI
' ’ “ " - ' t l
’i Wise men [1 Inny —m— I .hnrt
57 I 5’9 6 I ' ill 'rtnnmits / ilnnui llll] shrub 53) Hull part 0
'35 lndlan nurscinaid it llu- tinn day nceu ‘34 Sittmithtnu to try in .
61 ' 2 it. Discomfort ‘) Collections nt, 5‘; Alaskan locnln
b d 37 Divuiqm ancrdotus ‘tti i’ronp .
4 ‘ 4t) Gave a5 a reason or 10 Success hit Suffix for hero  '-
. 63 E; proof ll lictnr Lcon —- (it) l’r‘uftx lnr spell .
. 0.
I ©Edward Jul us Cpl eglatc cwa

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘I'Ty‘lﬁ'r‘z‘fiﬁ "meats-A; < .

    

 

 

   
 

’No Simple Answers

There has certainly been a lot of talk taking place regarding the American
political system and and American politicians. Many intellectuals and inform-
ed citizens — as well as the man-in-thc-sireet —— seem to want rather drastic
changes in both the system and the style of politics.

Conservatives frequently contend that politicians with ideas like their own

must be elected if America is to be saved from the forces of anarchy,

violence,

and liberalism. They-argue that many politicians are undercutting traditional

values. “We’ve had too much change,

" they say.

“What we need is a return to

the sound conservative priciples that made this country great. We need more
politicians who will not meddle with the system and who will stop trying to do
for individuals what individuals should be doing for themselves."

On the other end of the political spectrum, somc folks maintain that there is
little of value to preserve in the United States. They feel that the system must

change rapidly if the country is to

avoid the consequences of increasing

dissatisfaction and unrest that could conceivably lead to a revolution. “There
is still much to be done,” they countcr, “so much, that we must have a new

politics and new politicians."

The concerns of those persons who appear to have lost hope in our govern-
mcntal processes cannot be ignored. Certainly thcrc is much to worry about.
Crises in international and domestic affairs arc tcsting our political institutions

and politicians. Great pressures are

being cxcrtcti toward lllllkillg radical

changes (forward or backward) in our political systcm. Tbcsc prcssurcs are not
likely to diminish in thc forsccablc ftiturc.

- : “"v-»'-0‘1wrl>w1 w r. — Vr‘mn‘4—I‘ u

 

Viv...

. opposed to abortion.

Quccushury is running for rc-clcction on
thc Republican, Conscrvativc and Right to
l.il'c Party lines.

Solomon has served on the Home Public
Works and Transportation Committcc and
has also recently been appointed to thc
Vclcrans Affairs Committee.

Solomon has been a strong supporter of
incicnscd military appropriations.

lie is also in favor ’of thc Kcmpvltoth
proposal for a 30 percent cut in tile incomc
tax.

 

41st Senate

The 4lst State Senate District covers all
of Retisseltrer County, most of the counties
of Columbia and Saratoga and the city of
Cit/101's in Albany County. There tli't’ two
candidates for this office.

Pattison

Edward 'W.‘ Pattison. tlfc Democratic
candidate, is a teacher and politician. The
former U.S. Representative also has the
backing of the Liberal Party.

Pattison, 48, supports providing a
favorable climate for business. He is also irt
favor of improving our educational and
research institutions. He is "a strong sup-
portcr of ecology and the environment.

Although opposed to govcrntncnt pricing
rcgulations, he favors government regula-
lions in the area of health and safety.

 

 

 

Bruno

The Republican candidate is Statc
Senator Joseph L. Bruno. Hc also has the
endorsement of the Conservative and Right
to Life Parties.

Bruno, Si, is vice chairman of the Unith
Telecommunications Group. Inc. He has
served in the State Senate since 1976 and is
currcntly chairman of the Consumer l’ro-
tcction Committee.

He feels the major issuc is the economy.
He favors reducing the burden of thc tux
Payers of New York State, whom he says
arc “the ltigltcst tax payers in the continen-
tal United States."

He advocates controlling govcrnmcnt
spending, limited control on hand guns.

 

Nolan

lncumbcnt Htutc Sctttiior Howard C.
Nolan. .ll.. u Democrat with Libcrul Party
cndorscmcnt. bclicvcs the most important
jssttcs :uc uncmploytncnt llllti revitalizing
thc cconomy.

The 48-)‘Uillvliiti ultorncy supports
dccrcusing thc corporate untl personal tax
rules. l'lc l'tuols stimulating the cconomy
by providing inccntivcs for industry to
locatc in New York Siutc.

Nolan, who is running on his i'L'CUId of
six ycars in thc Scnutc, bclicvcs that lhc
burden ol'jobs must fall on thc privtitc scc-
tor and not the govcrnmcnt,

 

Dumas

'l‘ltc Republican cunditlulc is Maurccn
Dumas, 46, who scrvcs as Spccutl Assistant
for Connnunity Rclations for thc Statc
Senate Committc on 1(‘onnncrcc and
Economic Dcvclopmcnt.

Dumas has locuscd her campaign on job
development and cutting I' She sees
crcating new job opportunities as the best
means of expanding the job market.

Shc proposes “indexing” pcrsonal in-
come taxcs in order to Ulilllilllllc the pro—
blcm of workcrs bcing moch into higher
tax brackcts bccausc thcir incomes rise with
irritation.

 

 

 

Morgan

Patti Morgan, is the candidate of the
Conservative and Right to Life Parties.
Morgan, Editor and Publisher of The
Real [is/tile .lournalaVew Yorker, has liccn
activc in Conservative Pary politics for two
decades.

As a born-again ('ltrislinn, Morgan
bclicvcs thc most important problcni is the
rapid erosion of Judco-(‘lttistian moral
standards. llc oppuscs abortion and gay
rights. I
Morgan favors rcducing govcrumcnt
bcaurocracy anti the phasing Oil! of
wclfarc, Social Security, and public cduca-
tion. He also, cndorscs u Proposition
13~styic tax cut.

.. .-».¢n-o¢pmmmt“l

qty-w!- .

'VV.

But radical transformations could cripple the United States. Attempts to
return to the politics of some earlier “golden' age” could have equally
disasterous consequences. What we need is an increased supply of democratic
politicians who kno_w how to deal with changing circumstances and a public
which is more highly aware of issues and of politicians’ importance in the
political process. We need thorough education. We also need a change in ex-
isting attitudes about politicians and their roles in promoting democracy. Peo-
ple today (including students) fail to see both the essential humanity and
decency of many politicians and the inescapable and essential functions they
perform. -

None of these ideas can be achieved overnight —— or in a single election. But
despite the laments of critics, we must remain optimistic regarding the future
of American politics. -

The system will survive because politicians are being forced into helping to
maintain our political processes. And there will certainly be changes, because
the democratic politicians will recognize that severe alterations are necessary
for the system’s survival. For democratic office holders, change is the only
constant factor. History has always shown that when elected officials choose
not to accomodate to changing circumstances. American democracy must
plunge into difficult days.

Pull Those Levers Hard

Even before the Watergate scandal heightened the nation's drive to reform,
electoral change was in the air. Moved by a new activism, Congress had sought
to enlarge the cnfranchisemcnt of minorities, to facilitate voting by transients,
and to extent the right to persons between the ages of 18 and 21. Meanwhile,
the states had instituted an unprcccdcntcd number of presidential primaries
and had cascd voter registration requirements. ‘

Yet, despite all these reforms, each new election year brings a dramatic drop
in voter turnout in the presidential election.

Amcrica’s electoral participation rate is easily the lowest among free
democratic countries. 56% of those eligible to vote actually pulled levers in the
last election. as compared to 80-90% in Australia, West Germany. Sweden,
and Finland, and 75% in Great Britain and Canada.

We arc the portrait of a democracy in which people do not vote.

While registration requirements do not appear to be the drag on voter tur-
nout that many had once maintained, public alienation. boredom, or inertia
seems much more important. '

No, the choices are not vcry clcar or desirable in this, the 1980 election. Yet
it is essential that we exercise this valuable right on Tuesday and that we focus
our attention and our optimism on the futttrc.

Lct‘s go SUNYA . . . 'Crct out the votc!‘ .

 

 

A

 

and its creative magazine . t

Eat-Mink“ In 191‘
Rich lab-r. ifdiim urchin]
Roll IE. Gnh..n.Munnging Eriunr

Now can». . . Sylvia Sounders
Allocllt' Nu. Bdltou mum-w tannin. Susan Milliuan. Beth stir-i
norm. eamm . nun lunar-tn. Ronald Levy
Allnclltl asym- uni" Jo «nu Wclncr
Sound A Vino. ea Pinks
emu" Am . . . . . sir.» Gt‘lltcr
out... A I‘vout "onnld Levy
Opoﬂl mum . . . . . . . . . . . . nub Builolinre

Mood-II Sportl Hilton .
Mltorlll Plﬂll Edllor
Copy Editor

Marc Hirspcl. Larry Kuhn

. . . . . .. StewnA Gli'cnlmrg
Mtirhr-IIA (Erwin-i

" “ Tum llonltgrltu. l'nnlcln Urnnley. llnbtn Brown. livih Cormnnram. KA'II Cantor, Michael Carmen, Anne Cavitnaglt.
Lisa llcncnnnuk .hnr Dunn. Judir- Etsunbcig, Mink l-‘Ischctli. lliurc Fox, Mann-cu George. Frank J Gil Jr . Kurt Gordon. Whitney
Gould, I’nr ‘iiiilwr, Mnithrvw Haddad. chrll'll lerlnu, MIrhr-lc Israel, James .lalir'. Amy Knntur. Larry Kinnnnn, Torn Lusitk.
Buin‘ l.t'vy, .trrnm Mnrkuisn. William 0' llrtun. Wayne l’r-cwlmmn. Mark Rnxstt'l. .lcll Schadoll. Barbara Schindler. Paul Schwartz,
Suxﬁmltlt. Larnvl Solomon Zodllc A he'll-- “hour Mint-i Gitrlurrlno. September Klein

 

Dabble Kalil. iiustncu Manager

Advent-inn Mun-gar . . . . . . .

... . Jnnci Dvciluu

 

 

unit-- Account-rat . Dennis Brown. Miriam ltasplcr
Co-po-ltlon Mun-3" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Hayden Cnrruih
Ollie- Coordln-tor . . . llonnla Stcvcns

 

Bel-Ii Sir-w (innitvr, ill-burl Krur Cllulﬂed Mun-.011 Scptcmlwr Klein Coupon" . ~
"on Man-gout Mirnr- Anm- Cnlavlin, Tammy (icluer AdvtnleI-l Prod-odour
Main Mt-mlvtminr. l dum' St hwnllln-rg. Cnlulyll Scdgwtck. Kathy Udall Olﬂce '
Rnlnn (nun-Inuit. l'nim'ln Kati. Aricnc Knilnwllr

llunk's Chick Adv-nick] Ponder
wimmia. Michclo ism-I. Susan Knplan,
\‘cndy Becker, Hudy Biodcr. Terry Click.

lllvdel Can-lb. Dun Bell 1 ilt'iltlillfl Manager:

Vutlul Canon
'I'vplll Eur-orthth

. . . . . , . . . . . . . . . Fllsm Back
. . . . . . . . . . . . llunlt's Chick
Panto-um Amy Knnnn. ltntun l unlstctn, Uch Rcynnlris. (‘anns Slui- rlivlsky, Date Tltnnnhauscr. TwlIt-r Carol Bury. lioscrnnry
FYHrltd. Mant- linilmnnu. September Kit-In, Bulimia Nolan, l.r1ltlix“\VullL'iI, CIA-"II" Mark Flultcttl i

 

 

 

and resumption of the death penalty. lie is.

W

There are three candidates running for
State Senator in the 42nd District, which
entails all of Albany Courin except the city
of Cohm-s and all of Greene County.

 

This (’it't‘llﬂti guide was~ researched and
L'Ultlpllt’ll by:
Stove Gruriihurg

liriicc Levy

Jtiiiicc Lewis
Susan Arli/ligan
fir/viii Sounders

But/t Sru'ur

 

supplant pitilripnlly hy Unint-rrity in...” m. in:
ChI-l Photographer: llult l urirlurd -

m sum Dntu' Archer. nun (.‘nlenr. Kr‘lrl Cliun. Stcttu rut-n. Mitr- Time”. Mark Huh-A, Murr' ileilrrhel, Iiudnne Kulnlo/I. Unite
Nurhmn. Mun. Mun-r. slum Sirlutmnp. Tony Tammi". Will Yum”... .

The Alhuny Sittilt'tll Press is published (nary Tuesday and l'rldny during rim rriumi yttll by tlw Albany Student Hen Corponlion,
m llllil‘Iit'iltft’lll not [or mum unpritulintl. Editorial: urc rumu-u by the Erilinr‘lri-Clllt'lr paltry n subject In review by tit: Editorial

ltmrri Mailing niirlrcu.

Albany Situlent I’tcu, cc 329
MOO Wmhinyion Aye.
Alhuny. NY ierzz
(Eli!) -157-im92/.7322/;ut19

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

