  
 
   
   
   
    
      
 
    
   
    
 
  
  
   
     
  
     
 
 
   
  
     
    
     
      
    
       
  
   
   
      
       
  
       
   
   
    
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
  

\Hm
I
‘
yaMJv

 

 

 

 

A

would still like to believe that C
cent from deity is '
now complete.
From his .new
album, recorded
live at Budokan.
Japan (it‘s
mere coin-

cidence that

other "Live at m- . W 
Budokan" albums were done by suc
luminaries as Cheap Trick and Dylan). the
song "Wonderful Tonight." on the end of Side
1. may as well be Clapton's Imitation of
Dionne Warwick. .

Rube Cinque

Not only is Clapton no longer God. but
Judging from this album. Just One Night, he Is
also no longer an Innovative force in rock
music. For the last few years. he’s been play-
ing the same tune. and he finally ran It Into the
ground.

His decline was so gradual. that many peo-
ple didn't notice it for a long time. Critics pan-

Boqey’s Baby

 

UNYA's current production of Woody

Allen's Play it Again, Sam is fair. The

performers get off to a shaky start but
grad-mlly warm up to the material.
The Arena is the best possible choice of
theaters here for a play that involves so many
fantastical apparitions. The audience is Invoivv
ed in Allen Fellx's rich and wacky subjective
life. not only because the play draws us In. but
because the setup of the theater itself gives
the illusion of a place in that world.

Larry Kinsman

The hilarious discrepancies between Allen's
fantasy life and his reality provide most of this
play's comic power. in comedy. however.
timing is perhaps the most difficult and crucial
thing. and when it is the least bit off. the
potentially funny moment dies an unpleasant
death. The male lead. Thomas Lars
Lichtman. is rather unsure of himself. At times
he really lets himself go with the part. the
spontaneous and clever neurosis of Allen's
character. But most of the time his face is
strangely blank. At certain moments. even as
Lichtrnan Is uttering a litre full of exasperation.
his face remains expressionless: a remarkable
phenomenon. ft is almost as if he is so
frightened of recognizing someone in the au»
dience that he deliberately keeps his eyes un‘
focused. It must be difficult to play a part that
is so quintessentially another's. In this case of
course. Woody Allen's. Still. an actor has to
make a part his own or he's had It.

Lawrence Chain is good as Dick Christie.
He plays the super-straight. mildly preoc-
cupied businessman through most of the
piece, but becomes someone else entirely In
Allen's daydream sequences. There are two
excellent fantasy bits for which director Albert
Aserrnely makes fine use of the Arena set up.
in one. Chain comes bouncing out to the edge
of the stage with the announcement that he is

 

 

 

 

 

 

leaving for a business venture in Alaska; the
other occurs when he literally hurls himself on-
to center stage. brandishing a knife and

 

screaming theats at Allen In ltalian. Chain

 

InuvLa pretty well for a big man and his un-

 

rnent than fulfillment She is wry believable as

LurletltlUllill entrances are both funny and
heart-stopping.

Deborah Sperry is also good as Linda
Christie, Dick’s wife. She Is. in fact. less con-
scious of the shadow of her predecessor
(Diane Keaton) than Lichtman. Linda Is
delightfully unsure of everything, and yet. like
most neurotics. basically in control. She is a
wall who is bravely trying to deal with the fact
that adulthood dishes up more disappoint-

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

U

upland? an sun-1A
Aspects on Tuesday

- I  - i . g. r .v ‘ t - 
l. he God or juot another olowhlnd? Eric Clapton in Japan parlormo It

  

Budalnn In 1979 but he loit III. hot llclu In 1969.

ned 5.0 Was Here, but that album included
“Farther On Up the Road." a powerful blues
tune that still showed some of Clapton's flash:
It's also the climax of this album. in fact. the

a love object for Allen. Sperry. strange as It
may sound, is especially good whenever she
sits on the sofa. The action at these moments
becomes very focused and intimate and she is
wonderfully natural as she tipslly pours
another glass of champagne or lolls back on
the pillows; oblivious to the possibility of being
kissed.

Beth Zamichow plays Vanessa. one of
Allen's failed dates. For the sake of clarity. let
me point out that It is not Vanessa who has
failed to make the grade. but Allen. Zamichow
slinks across the room. In yet another fantasy
sequence. wearing a long dark gown that‘s slit
up the side. The accent she is attempting ——

The lam-Io cut members at Play It Again. 9am ouo
ulrl. nabloh local glrl . . . Productlon stare Pauline God:
Lichtman._9lnno McManuo and Joanna Sllle.

 

 

fashionable thing to do upon the release of an
album by Clapton. has been to bitch and
moan about how bad It Is. and how much bet-
ter thelast one was. This. then. Is the end of

   

 

 

 

 

(ITtt‘r' m- ‘

April 29. 198'0'

  ﬂapton’s One night I'oo Many

f you don’t believe the march of time Is
stepping a little faster these days, try this

. on for size: it was ten years ago that they
were writing “Clapton is God" on the walls of
England. Unfortunately for us ldeallsts who
laton's des-

the line. >

Just One Night is still not a brutal album. Just
a laconic one. As far as actual faults. the
overabundance of slow blues is about the only
concrete complaint one can make. but it has
maJor ramifications. One would have to play
the record loud (which l did) to get any sense
ofenergy from It. I suspect It is. in part. a result
of the nameless variety of the backup band.
Only second guitarist Albert Lee sounds
familiar. and i keep confusing him with Alvin
Lee (of Ten Years After fame). it's hard to
blame Clapton for his band's shortcomings.
but he did use to be God. Couldn't he throw
together a better mix of musicians?

The highlights: "Early In the Morning" on
Side 1. and a relatively Inspired version of
"After Midnight." whose sound quality is quite
good for a live recording (perhaps too good?).
it also seems that Side 3 is where he gets off
his butt and starts rocking. highlighted by a
strong I cut of "Blues Power." Of course.
“Cocaine” appears on this album.

it's hard to come down on rock deities. and
to be sure. there is some spark in the old
fingers yet. But this two-record set also has a
lot of filler. and that's hard to buy. even if it is
Clapton. The best cuts are almost all tunes
from the pre-Derek and the Dominoes days.
and great as they are. It's time for some new
action.

5 It Again

French. German. Hungarian? — is laughably
bad. but she Is a charming seductress anyway.
in fact. i would wager that everyone In the
house held their breath for the entire scene.
The scene In the dlscotheque during which
Allen and Linda mistake a male dancer for a
woman is one of the show's low points. The
dancer Is clearly male. despite his kimono.
and his dancing is not only bad. but ag-
gressively self-conscious. The comic potential
is deﬂated almost before the scene begins.
One wants Allen to ask for the dance simply so
that the discovery can be gotten over with.
John Beaver Is very good as Bogey. His
vocal impersonation ls strong and he struts the

 

  

.

    

’t

- .itr . ' ._
und the mat character.

 

Allan Felix ('l'om Llctuun). Nebloh gets
uk. Wendy Klolnherg. Both Zamichow. Deborah Sperry.

stage with real style. His comic exchanges with
Allen have the right snap — tnostly because of
Beaver's superior sense of timing. My only
suggestion as far as Bogey's concerned.
however. would be that the costume people
provide him with a different trenchcoat. one
whose pockets are big enough to accomodate
and give up a large pistol without a struggle.

What this production reminds us of. decent
though it is. is that comedy requires perfect
consistency. in drama. an off-center facial
twitch. a tremor. may work to the performer's
advantage. in comedy. however. the moment
has to be perfectly smooth and the artifice
must never crackJ

  
     

    

 

 

M...

 

I.

 

 
 

    
       
       
       
       
         
        
         
         
 

April 29. 1980

Hung Up,

he latest in cult happenings in New
K. York City is the “Twenty Worst Films of
All Time Festival." To be a candidate for
the festival. a film has to be poorly directed.
badly edited and photographed. Ineptly acted
and improperly cast. The script must stink.
The production values should be as low as
possible. Though It came out too late to make
this year's festival. we can only hope that the
organizers will realize that Don't Answer The
Phone! easily qualifies as a candidate for next
year.

Jim Dixon

Supposedly. Don‘t Answer The Phone! Is a
thriller cast In the die-hard mold of Hallo-
ween. Stranger in the House. and When a
Stranger Calls. This film Is the creative
achievement of one man. who has to take the
blame for almost the whole thing. Someone
named Robert Hammer actually sat down and
wrote this turkey. and then somehow convinc-
ed someone to put up the money to put Don ‘1
Answer The Phone! on "the big screen. l
suspect the producers may have been hoping
for a tax write-off.

The established elements ofthe genre are
there: a psychotic who murders young
women. a heroine who falls for a cop. and a ti-
tle designed to frighten babysitters. Why then.
does the film produce more laughs than
screams? it could be partially due to the acting.
which is easily bad enough to cause convulsive
hysteria in all but the most gullible.

The Immortal James Westmoreland. an un-

.

 

 

Aspects on Tuesday

fortunate cross between Gil Gerard and James

Brolin with the thespian gifts of neither. leads a.

stellar cast of .utter lncompetents through a
stript that couldn't make a Movie of the Week.
Westmoreland plays a detective who is our
communal nightmare of what cops might real-
ly be like. Trying hard to come off like Clint
Eastwood with blow-dried hair. Westmoreland
squints and mouths dialogue straight from
Saturday Night Llue's “Police State" sketch of
a couple of years ago, Worse. Hammer's
script (I confess to fighting off an urge to put

. Il'he Phone’sA Wrong Number.

supposed to take over a horror movie. The
horror. unfortunately. would take a back seat
to an aspirin commercial in the case of Don '1
Answer The Phone! The billing of Nicholas
Worth as “the killer" would of course spoil the
suspense If there. was any suSpense to spoil.
Hammer has cleverly solved this billing pro-
blem by making sure his film can't possibly
scare anyone. Despite a number of rape-
murders (frequently not in that order) Ham-
mer manages to Inspire a pervading sense of
apathy as his unclad corpses drop below the

 

“The Worst Movie Ever Made.”

 

 

script in quotation marks) puts him in situa~
tions that are at best Improbable. and at worst.
dumb. Neither Hammer nor his hero seem to
realize that you can't Just make a doctor sur-
render files on a patient. He seems similarly
unaware that a cap with even_a half a brain
wouldn't go to interrogate drug dealers In a
massage parlor and announce his intention to
the guy's receptionist and then leave her free
to call ahead and warn her boss. One would
also question the wisdom of storming up to a
house with sirens and squealing tires when
one knows a psycho is inside with a helpless
victim. Nonetheless. this Hammer's hero. and
we. the idiots who payed to get in. are ex-
pected to root for him.

If any of this was intentioned as comic relief.
Hammer doesn't know that comic relief is not

fter seeing Foxes. l found l was Ir-
\. ritated with myself. l'd gone Into the
movie expecting little. and after hav-

ing found it to be an excellent film. lwondered
why l'd been unwilling to go into the movie
with an open mind. Nihilism Is a condition that
affects critics as well as artists. It would seem.
and like all too many fIlmgoers today I'd
automatically assumed that a movie about
four adolescent girls in Los Angeles had to be
the Skatetown U.S.A. variety of crap. Yet the
elements of a good film were there for anyone
to read in 'the ads. The cast. which Includes
Academy Award nominees Jodie Foster. Ran»
dy Quaid and Sally Kellerman. blends
established pros (yet not flashy stars) with
fresh new faces. The producer. David Putt-
nam. produced The Due/lists and Mldnight
Express. And the director. Adrian Lyne.
comes from the surprisingly fruitful proving
ground of British commercials that also pro-

duced Rid ey Scot apd Alan Parker.
. t.
Jim Dixon

The results of this combination of talent are
Impressive. Foxes is a solid dramatic film with
a good deal of entertainment value. The story
follows the relationships of four teen-age girls
for a brief period of time. The central plot con—
cerns one'girl named Jeanie (Jodie Foster) as
she attempts to keep one of her best friends
(Annie. played by former Runaways vocalist
Cherie Currie) from sell-destructing. The
sub- lot watches the relationship of a

 

rima

 

 

 

comparatively innocent girl (Madge. played by
Marilyn Kagan) with a twenty-nine year old
businessman (Randy Quaid). Mixed In are the
relationships the girls have with their parents.
their friends. their teachers and each other.
The acting Is uniformly good. even from Scott
8an as an adolescent boy whose feet are per-
manently grafted to his skateboard The script
is good and completely plausible to anyone
who grew up after l‘be).

What makes thc film. though. is the im-
pressive direction from Lyne. who surprising-
ly. is making his feature film debut with Foxes.
Lyne. who is British. has an uncanny eye for
the sights and sounds of America. He doesn't
try to make the film an expose. He's a hell of a
good observer though. and with the eyes of a
foreigner gets Inside American culture with an
insight and an honesty that's rare In most
movies. His editing is smooth. Foxes Is a well-
put to'gether movie.

The cinematography is unusual. a marked
contrast with John Bailey's work for Paul
Schrader In the ill-conceived American
Gigolo. which also tried to capture the Califor»
nia look. Bailey tried for neon vibrancy and in-
tensity. His colors were bright and deep. Leon
Bijou. director of photography for Foxes. has
gone for a more organic look. in addition.
noted cinematographer Michael Seresin work-
ed as a consultant and accentuated Bijou's
work by actually removing some of the color.
The result is a hazy look that captures the city
sky the way mostbf us see it.

The movie has more than Just technical ex-

  

camera's view. His problem seems to be that
In copying John Carpenter so carefully he
forgets we've seen all his tricks in better films.
(Handheld shots approximating the killer's
point of view while heavy breathing is dubbed
In Just Isn't scary anymore). He telegraphs his
screams too far in advance. and when the
stranglings start. Worth's acting is so laughable
the audience Just can't take him seriously. The
man's animal‘grunts Just sound insincere.

Still. there's no arguing that his psycho is a
meanie. He actually strangles a pretty brunette
as she cringes In the corner clutching her ted-
dy bear. (ls nothing sacred?)

in fact the villain is such a rat (not to men-
tion as Inept as his counterpart on the police
force). that we can't root for him either.

Usually. when a film is too bad to lnstlll
suspense. It at least manages to come up with

. t v C;
Cedar-hunt o

 

some good shock value" Hammer. in a
relentless pursuit of mediocrity. even falls
here. The murders are never sudden. As soon
as a woman undresses. she dies. There may
be a moral lesson here. it becomes particularly
obvious when a girl comes home in the middle
of the day and undresses. Worse. she
massages her breasts which means her demISe
is going to be unusually nasty. However.
Hammer usually chickens out on actually
showing too much violence. You can't make a
horror film and have It both ways. You can't
sacrifice suspense and gratuitous violence.
The audience has to have something.

The only time Hammer actually gets carried
away with anything Is the end. for which only
a few people stick around. He does give us
one first: a lady psychologist analyzing the
man who is going to kill and rape her. (The
one kind thing this boy does Is kill them first.)

lama:

 

Her boyfriend. the Immortal
Westmoreland. arrives. fights the blackguard
and then shoots him in the balls. Then he
handcuffs him. Nicholas the Psycho then does
the most believable thing: he breaks the hand-
cuffs and goes for one more try. At this point.
Our Hero loses his temper and blows the nut
apart. In glorious slow motion. as the nut
pukes blood all over the set. The nut falls In
the swimming pool. and Our Hero closes the
film with the undying words “Adios. creep."
The moral: don't undress In fror'I of

strangers.

Or never go see a film like this without get-
ting the passes first. lpald for this. and I'm still
pissed.

ca

 

n a Saturday afternoon: “You've got that look I want to know bet-

ter." K-ndlce Stroh. Marilyn Hagan. Jodle Foster and Cherie Currie In Foxes.

 

pertise behind It though, though it certainly
has that. it's a moving portrait of young people

. that manages not to moralize. The girls aren't

stereotypes; they're well-drawn characters.
The high quality of the acting complements a
strong script. Like Lyne's direction. the script
examines without sensationallzlng. This Isn't a
cheap magazine filler about “Sex in Our High
Schools" or “Annie: Portrait of a Teenage
Drug Fiend."

Foxes can be unsparing at times. The literal
destruction of Madge's boyfriend's home dur-
lng a party that gets out of hand Is not played
for laughs. Neither is the tense but affectionate
relationship between Jeanie and her mother
(well played by Sally Kellerman). It lacks the
unrelenting power of something like Tax!
Driuer but is apt to entertain more people. as
well as being about a more commonplace set
of situations.

Only once does the movie go for the spec»
tacular at the expense of credibility: even then
the results are so Inuch fun that the filin-

makers can be forgiven for the choice. Scott
Baio leads a group of local hoods on a night
time chase between convertible and
skateboard. with the car on the losing end. A
number of stunts. culminating with Stuntman
Marc Smith taking the skateboard under the
trailer of a moving truck are not exactly
believable as spur of the moment improvisa-
tions, but add too much excitement to
despise.

 

This was the section of the film the audience
at the UA Center Theatre seemed to enjoy the
most, prepared as they were by misleading
advertising which promises flash and style but
no substance. Be advised: Foxes has
substance and is worth the while of serious
movie fans. The Roller Boogie crowd ls likely
to be disappointed. In a dry spell when most of
the films playing in the Capital District that
aren't five months old comprise a compost
heap of putrescent dreck. Foxes Is a breath of
fresh air that should perk up the disheartened.

 

They can still make them right;

 

 

