 

1Il’age 5rd.
1

v ew York’s Talking Heads have
W released a brilliant new album call-
led Remain in Light. The record

may alienate some of their old fans, but it will
also invite new ones. as the music is a

dramatic shift in form from théir previous

Jimmy Jaffo'

The bande first three inventive albums:
‘77. More Songs About Buildings and Food,
and Fear of Music. fit Into the new wave.
scene. although they were still considered
"arty". The sound was dense. but the music
was stripped down. based around choppy
rhythm guitars. equally rhythmic keyboard
colorings, and the more experimental effects
of synthesized loops and buzzes that Jumped
in. out. and across the music. The sound
was also futuristic. but this was not robot
music. it was Injected with real passion.
headed by vocalist/guitarist/songwriter
David Byrne. Byrne's lyrics could be street-
wise. romantic. literature, intellectual, self-
conscious. or even psychoanalytical. but
they always probed into the psyche of the.
thinking man's plight. The quartet (Byrne.
keyboardist/guitarist Jerry Harrison. bassist
Tina Weymouth. and Chris Frantz on
drums) were aided on the latter two albums
by the Influential production and instrumen-
tal strategies of Brian Eno. who virtually
became a fifth member.

One other characteristic in the experimen-
tation was a danceable. disco beat that sug—
gested an awareness of black music, and
Fear of Music's “l Zimbra" was an all-out ex-
cursion into the energy of AfricanAderived
rhythms.

The Heads have taken those same
rhythms and based all of Remain in Light
from that starting point. They have always
based their songs around rhythms. with little

 

“Liquid images come to life
In wavy keyboard washes."

 

reliance on leads and solos; they have mere
ly changed their source from arty. New York
minimalism. to funky, African prirnitivism.
These new songs are structured differently
from the average popular song. First. they
utilize interdependent. layered rhythmic tex-
tures that mesh to form a unified whole —— an
African musical concept. Second. while the

5..., , ,.,
Garolyn

he past few years have given rise to
ya whole new breed of women
rockers. They are tough, ag—
gressive. and exciting singervsongwriters
who have assumed stances which in the past
were reserved almost exclusively for male
performers. These ladies include Patti Smith.
Rickie Lee Jones, sudden superstar Pat
Benatar, Carlene Carter and the Pretenders‘
'Chrissie Hynde. All of them possessthat cer-
tain out-and-out rock ‘n' roll punch that in
'the past feminine performers have lacked.

Norman Berie'.

Carolyn Mas went on stage last Saturday
night at J.B. Scott's with all the bravado that
she could muster up. and gave a strong ex-
ample uf high-energy rock 'n' roll. This was
her fourth appearence in Albany since she
scored with her first album a little over a year
ago, and by the enthusiasm she received
from the audience, it was of little wonder

 

why.

Bouncing across the stage with her electric
guitar In hand, she jumped into "Hold On,"
the title song from her second album. which
is a fine follow-up effort after her impressive
debut with Carolyn Mas, both produced by
Steve Burgh. Mas had been heralded by the
New York press as the "female Bruce Spr—
irrgsteerr." This is a very unfair burden to put

music is kept within a dictated structure, the
beat is repetitive with an open-endedness
that. with less adherence to structure, could
be extended into lengthier exercises of free-
ﬂowing improvisation. The Heads have
combined loosely-knit Third World elements
with more uniform. popular Western music
inﬂuences.

Brian Eno's inﬂuence on this record is
almost edual with that of Byrne's. Aside from
producing and playing on the record, he has
also co-written the music with Byrne. And it
was Eno. with Byrne. who originally became
interested in making music based on African
concepts. .

if. during a casual listen. particularly on
the first side. you hear disco overtones. the
reason is simple. Disco music has its origins
In the Calypso rhythms of Latin America and
the Caribbean. And where do you think
those rhythms came from? You guessed it —
Africa. And it is an African mood that
dominates the tone of this record. Another.
less obvious ingredient. distinguishing this
from most disco. funk, and soul music in at-
mosphere is the music's underlying intensity.
This line of tension is the key to Remain in
Light's heart and it draws the listener into the
music's complex and haunting world. con-
veytng a combined mood. spirit. and passion
that is rare. This was not created to be
background music. It requires your attention
if it is to be fully appreciated.

As with the shift in musical form. Byrne's
lyrics themselves advocate change. The
album's basic theme is of man's ongoing
struggle to search out freshly new. in-
novative ideas for the changes such
discoveries bring to both society and, in turn.
the identity the individual finds for himself
through creative thinking and discovery
(along with the frustration of not finding this
identity),

The first side's three songs -— “Born
Under Punches." “Crosseyed and Painless."
and “The Great Curve" — make similar use
of the Africanvinspired patterns they are bas-
ed on. The songs are busy. upbeat. and
danceable. The varying sounds energetically
work off each other and simultaneously unite
coherently. Bubbling percussion increases
the songs' fervor. Byrnc's voice is joined on
the “chorus” by Eno and guest vocalist Nona
Hendryx to create a chant-like. tribal effect.
The chants are then over-dubbed. crossing
and inter-locking like the musical patterns in
the tune's basic sound.

in “Born Under Punches," Byrne probes

aphid, a. vista...

October 31. 198C)

 

into man's yearning to keep avenues of
creative thought intact (“All i want is to
breathe . . . find a little space. so we move
in-between"). "Crosseyed and Painless"
describes what has been Eno's approach
towards creating musical art for years: reject
all assumed. formulaic commandments for a
wholly new. less conventionally-minded set
of precepts: throw away the rule book and
start from there. in "The Great Curve." all
hope for discovery and revelation is inspired

by the female. The belief that we can break
through to greater ideas is created through
the spirit generated by a woman's beauty. if
this is a love song. it is one that is as original
and unobvious as you will ever hear.
Side two opens with “Once in a Lifetime."
a brilliant fusion of music. lyrics. and
metaphor. it works around a sturdy bass line
and rhythm guitars that are clroppily closer
to the old Heads style. Byrne uses ﬂowing
water to describe man as a directionless. drif-
ting eniity. with no control over the path his
life takes. He is totally devoid of all creative
and inventive instincts, existing in a
monotonous. purposeless world ("Letting
the days go by/let the water hold me
down"). Liquid images come to life in wavy
keyboard washes.
The remaining music becomes increasing-
ly obsessed with a darkly envisioned mood
of gloomy scenarios. sketching the haunting

 

n9 Heads 'l'rilsal Stomp

mysteries found in the untamed wildlife of
this jungle of sound.

"Houses in Motion" is layered with dingy.

choppy rhythms — a dark African funk. Jon
Hassell contributes a trumpet part that
sounds like a moaning, anguished elephant:
And the words are heavier than they appear.
They describe a man digging desperately in-
to the earth. searching for identity and.
deeper. his destiny. This suggests a pro-
found inﬂuence over our destinies that we
often ignore but have no control over

anyway. Putin a broader sense. man is more
embedded in, and dependent on. the laws
of nature than his technological societies
might lead him to believe.

The next two songs. “Seen and Not Seen"
and "Listening Wind." both use dub techni-
ques to hauntingly evoke the ambience of
the jungle. with wildlife fluttering in and out
of the scenario. The words on “Seen and
Not Seen" are spoken by Byrne. They tell
of the corrrbtning of the individual's per—
sonality with personalities he gets through
the media. a transformation that comes from
his desire for (but lack of) artistic expression
and style. "Listening Wind" deals with the
reaction to American Colonization by the
natives who have lost control over their own
land; deeper. it is a rejection of Western,
capitalistic culture for the simpler culture of
Third World nations.

The album closes on the eeriest of notes
with “The Overload." All inter-locking
rhythmic parts are stripped away. leaving a
sullen. heavily densed moan in both the re—
maining documentary-like sound and in
Byrne's vocal. The words describe bleak vi—
sions of structural collapse (“the removal of
the insides . . . the center is missing . . . the
gentle collapsing of every surface"), sug-
gesting the consequences of invention
created for destructive purposes. Whether
this collapse is within the individual or socie—
ty at large is left open to question.

As far as l'm concerned. the Talking
Heads are among rock’s (a flexible term
here) most daring. original. and exciting
bands — a position enhanced by Remain In
Light Their evolution has been a spectacle
to marvel at. They say more with this one
album than most bands say in a lifetime. and
they say it in ways that are new and fresh. By
now. the Heads are far beyond any restric-
ting categorizations like "new wave". Their
music sets its own standards and defines its
own territories. And how many bands can
honestly claim that?

Has Returns Triumphant

on any artist but similarities do exist: a big
throaty voice, her song arrangements. and a
strong performing touch.

Crispin Cioe's wailing baritone saxophone
and Charlie Giordano's keyboard playing
set the underlying theme as Mas led her
band through “Stay True." “Sadie Says,"
and “He's So Cool." These upbeat numbers
flowed from one to the next with the vigor
that marks her music.

“Thomas Dunn's Revenge." from her new

. r v _

album, with a John Wayne Movie cowboy
beat fell a bit flat as it lacked a distinctive
hook. But. Mas got right back on track with
“Still Sane." her first single from July of
1979, which received much FM airplay and,
as on Saturday night. acclaim. Cioe's
baritone sax highlighted the melody. giving it
a 60's Spector wall of sound.

Charlie Giordano’s continuous electric
piano chords put up a foundation for lead
guitarist Rick Disarno's echoing solo on the

I
U

laid back “Sittin' in the Dark." Disarno
replaced David Landau at the start of the re-
cent tour. two months ago. Landau. who
collaborated with Mas on the writing three of
the songs from the first album. has had much
influence in framing Mas' upbeat sound. lvan
Elias on bass and drummer Bobby
Chouinard made up a solid rhythm section.
keeping the band's musical approach tight.

Mas holds a fine stage presence and sings
with the precise phrases of a trained vocalist.
which she is. having studied at the American
Music and Dramatic Academy. She also has
performed with the Light Opera of Manhat-
tan. This trainirrg has given her a magnificent
vocal range and control, which she mixes
with a rough. bluesy quality essential to rock,
Her first encore offered passion among the
spirited. lrandclappirrg street gang shouts of
“Quote Goodbye Quote." bringing the
crowd to their feet for the remainder of the
performance.

Between encores. the band and her hrrs
band Bernie Slrarralran. who led an
energetic five piece band as the warm—up
act. joined in wishing Carolyn Mas a happy
birthday (She's 25). The attractive star kept
the night lively with a high-powered succes—
sion of tunes and a street-smart appeal. Mas
and company put on a notably impressive
show. and I wouldn't be surprised if she
plays the town again in the near future.

1

 

 

‘ 'bctaber 31. 1980

Two Gents

' ’ritten in 1598. The Two
W Gentlemen of Verona is one of

William Shakespeare's earliest and
least-regarded plays. The story line and the
verse show the playwright not at his most
mature. and the play suffers somewhat due
to these factors. However. the Albany State
Theatre Department brought off a very well-
produced Interpretation. despite these short-
comings of script and style.

Biil O’Brien

As an examination of friendship vs. love.
two warring absolutes of Elizabethan
thought. the plot is not an original idea.

‘ Love (passion) and friendship were believed
to be at complete and irreconcilable odds
during the Middle Ages. and The Two
Gentlemen of Verona Is not a standout in-
quiry. The performances in the show at the
Performing Arts Center. which runs through
tomorrow night. were nonetheless well-done
under the direction of Albert Aser'mely. Per-
formed in two acts. the Two Gentlemen

~ winds to a sort of double climax involving
traitorous friends (Proteus vs. Valentine) and
lovers (Proteus and Julia) culminating in a
scene which centuries of critics have refused
to forgive Shakespeare for. Proteus (William
Leone) is absolved by Valentine (Thomas
Tubbs) to the point where Proteus is even of—
fered the prize he values most. the lady Silvia
(Debby Cardarella). This contrived ending is
hard on both director and audience. and
makes the serious aspect of the play seem
frivolous. Shakespeare can be forgiven for
this. since The Two Gentlemen 0/ Verona ls

Bun_'l'_0_l1

 

 

1

an early play. But the plot line Is almost
secondary to the comic relief. due to the
makeshift finale of the show.

The acting. on the whole is very good.
William Leone, as Proteus. is chameleones-
que. syrupy-sweet. or murderously
underhanded. depending on the situation
As Valentine. Tubbs is completely unpretenj
tious and occasionally uniquely naive. as in
the scene where he is baffled as to the mean-
ings of his letter to Silvia.

Miss Cardarella. and Anne Moore as the
jilted maid Julia. are fine in character. but
were definitely not loud enough for the en-
tire audience to hear. This was true for most
of the actors throughout Friday night's show.
Joseph Travers, as the troubador Eglamour
has a rich baritone. giving beautiful discourse
to the melodies of Norm Thibodeau.

John Beaver. one of three outlaws in the
show (along with Kyle Pullan and Dan Hart).
and David Ludewig were. although credible
in their supporting roles, two sour notes. A
large part of acting is speaking. and someone
should instruct these two to speak clearly
and correctly. It's very hard to believe that an
actor is a Will century English knight when
his accent is 20th century Bronx. Another
disturbing point was the overly animated
Duke of Milan. sliffly played by Thomas
Brennan lll. He seemed more interested in
geltirrg on and off stage than in rrclirrg out his
role.

The best performance of the evening was
not provided by arty of the major
characters. As Speed. Launce. and Launce's
dog. Doug DeLisle, Marc Duret (an ex-
change sludent from France with impressive

l-II't An

Sound & '7’:u:llil

credentials) and Joanne Sills. respectively.
brought the crowd alive with constant word
ploys and ridiculous situations. .Mr. DeLisle,
although a very large man. proved to be ex-
tremely light on his feet as he danced a web
around the lead characters. spouting wry
quips and keeping Valentine company. The
banter between DeLisle and Duret in a scene
which discusses Launce's love of a certain
woman was very funny, if the listener could
decipher Shakespeare's words and Duret's
pronounciations. but the effect was not lost
on anyone. Using pantomime. and pseudo-
slapstick. Duret and Sills had the audience
anticipating laughter every time they ap-
peared on stage. it was too bad the other

Dong Douala (1.). on Speed. engage. In a battle of Ivltl wltla Blll Leone

r
f
Pugs: 70' .

characters didn't take their lead.

Costumes were designed by Amy
Koplow. and the scene designer was Dennis
Byng. Another minor distraction occured all
through the show. with the stagehands ob-
viously having trouble with the hanging
scenery. A crash would sometimes signal a.‘
scenery change. turning my head. and a lot
of others. although the slide show used to
transmit the Idea of scenery worked well.

The show itself is ﬂawed; if these same ac-
tors performed a different show it might have
been alright. Shakespeare can be tedious
and drawn out at times, but The Two
Gentlemen of Verona does have enough
rapid-fire dialogue to keep lt aﬂoat.

A!

(Proteus). the friend of Ian matter, Valentine. In The Two Gentlemen of

Verona.

Photo by Rich Schooan

The River: He’s Only Here For Fun

on can tell from the cover that
Bruce is back; this could easily be a

blowup of his face from the last

 album. He hasn’t changed much; he hasn't

gone disco. and he hasn’t gone punk. The
clues are there —— the flannel shirt and the
five o'clock shadow are just what you'd ex-
pect, and if you were expecting a change.
you may be disappointed. The songs are.
with orrl one exception. about either the

on Levy

faremerrtloned topics of girls and cars (Soc
uesday's ASP. page seven). it seems
lmost hard to comprehend writing nineteen
ew songs limited to two topics but.
'omelrow he's done it and with
easorrable success.
Side one opens with one of the
lbrrrrrs phantom titles. a song call
d "Tire Ties That Bind." The heat

 

w a first pace. certainly danceable.

nd the voice is everything it ever
as. it's not until the last third of

(2 song that you begin to think.
Where's Clarence?“ Answer: Do-
9 the first jam in style.

The next three songs flow
gelher very easily. “Sherry Dar)»
9." the 50's-esque twister. is
nrething straight out of Buddy
olly's era. "Jackson Cage" is the

‘ st small cut in both mood and tempo witl

ics equating life on the street to life in jail.

he vocals change their tone between

i oruses, smoothing out considerably.
though the rnuslc does not waver. “Two
eans" closes out the rock part of this side
. adding some realism to the fantasy world
i the last four albums. The keyboards are
eoulstanding backbone to the lyrics,
independence Day." the ballad that
ses the side, was the first song i heard
in The Rtuer two weeks ago. All of the
caries about the impossibility of a live
Um and the need for all-new material
w. I thought, down the tubes. lturned on

9 car radio (what else?) and could have

2!: llrat l was listening to a re-orchestrated
r ness on the Edge of Town." The music

d tempo are so close in resemblance that
I 9 could easily be an _extenslon of the

other. On closer extrrrrination. the piano and
synthesized harpsichord add much rrrorLI
depth and. although there's very little music
being played. the new lyrics are enough to
pull it through.

The flip side of the first disc follows closely
the pattern of its predecessor. Five bouncing.
frrrr. rock 'n' roll songs take time in winding
down to The River's title cut “Hungry
Henri" will probably be the first single unto
llre clrrrrts. although only God may know
why Rcrrrerrrber when the lyrics from one of
Springsteen's songs wuuld require ten or
eleven inches of space on the song sheet?
This song takes rrreryhr: two! True. the music
is the most upbeat on all four sides. but it
seems that llii’ words, .rll tlrrr’u verses. were
almost rlll afterthought. thr- choruses rrL‘cupy

: e majority of the time slot.

“Out in the Street" and "Crush On You'
are two closely related songs. solid rockets.
and good dancing music Of the two. the lat-
ter is more successful as a song. with better
lyrics and the feeling that the whole of E
Street has joined in the fun. “Out in the
Street," though more interesting lyrically. is
too Close to “Prove it All Night" for comfort.

Also short on words is "You Can Look
(But You Better Not Touclrl." The theme of
this one, however. is too familiar to pass up.
and it even marks the return of one of the
Boss' fictionalized characters, Ms. Dirtle An-
nie. Coupled with side tlrree's “Cadillac
Ranch," these two are the most fun of the
songs present.

As a juxtaposition of desires
societal values. "l Wanna Marry You" and
“The River" are a perfect match. The first

VCrSUS

song is Springsteen as the romantic. with
vocals the smoothest they've ever been. it's a
love song plain and simple, and it's a supris-
irrg break from the automotive music so far,
Tire first disc's finale would make Siddhare
Ilra proud As an allegory of life. as a story of
consequences. and as a lesson in overin-
dulgcnce, "The River" is superlative. As a
song turd a performance number (as
previewed in the No Nukes movie) it's again
a winner. And too, last seen with her dress
waving. Mary is back. and another chapter in
her life is explored in the continuing epic.
My favorite song on the album is at the
outer groove of side three. “Point Blank" has
the best combination of music. vocals. aircl
especially. lyrics to make it a classic. The
mood is angry. but that's always been an

unercurrent to blue-col or rock. it all comes
together in a song that is more spoken than
sung. and haunting as all hell.

. . .

Just who are Bruce Springsteen's heroes?
From his music we could easily pose a few
guesses, but some additions are tacked on in
the duet of "Cadillac Ranch" and “l'm a
Rocker." The songs are fun. but not inven-
tive, yet their list of dropped names includes
James Dean. Junior Johnson. Burt
Reynolds. l Spy, Batman. James Bond.
Colombo, and Kojak.

Kojak?

Tire side closes with another pair of slower
tunes entitled “Fade Away" and “Stolen
Car." Neither is able to stand on its own, but
together they make an easy finish to three
solid sides of good music.

it’s too bad that The River couldn't be pro-

. r
s .‘a Ali" 1 I ‘

duced on the three edges of a triangular disc.
or as a set of eight two—sided 45's. Either
way. the hassles of side four could have been
avoided.

Bruce Springsteen has been most suc-
cessful when simply expanding upon a basic
recipe of rock ‘n' roll. He took the fire of the
fifties and re-llt it into some of the most
popular songs of today. Diversity's impor-
tant. but you have to expect some of the
failures to be numbing. Case in point: For all
of the romance of four albums. Springsteen
was able to play on sex without becoming
hard core; something wds always left to the
imagination. "Ramrod." by the title alone.

spoils illuslutr. Of the remaining three songs.

only "Wreck on ilre Highway" is in any way

innovative. but a country ‘n' western Spr-
ingsteen is an idea that falls flat.
Besides. the sado-descriptive lyrics
sung with it rrrnclrero twang. is a
rrrisrnatched cornbinatr-rrr.

The groove radius shortens, the
tonearm rises. and we've listened
to eighty-five minutes of new
Bruce Springsteen. it could have
been a knockout fifty-minute single
album, but the option to experi-
ment was taken. Tire excesses
aren't necessarily failures, but they
will do little to sell the albunr. it's
too bad. though. that Crazie Janie.
her mission man, the drive of

“Born to Run." and the mystique of
“Jungleland” have been left behind. i guess
that's the definition of evolution.

The River ls neither the epitorny of Bruce

Springsteen's career nor is it the sign of his
musical maturity (howl hate that term). it is.
no conclude. Excellent rock music from a
musician that, i feel. is pretty hard to be ob-
Jective about. it gives us something 'to look
forward to on this year's tour. And it leaves
enough open ends to make waiting for-the
next release worthwhile.
I One more thing: if you have a recorder,
I.you would be wise to preserve The River in
tape form. Columbia. possibly in an effort to
keep prices down. has pressed this release
ionto the thinnest. most bendable vinyl l've
come across. An additional few dollars per
album. laid out now, would be a good irr-
.vestment.

.l irri‘

 

