     
  
  

'1". “‘5'. m a“ 0”" i‘namlon In an oconoany based on near, the limit. Dig
M they read too ranch. It’- like thay’n T m 11.. 31,-“... _ 5 D 5

will! to live thalr man Junta-loo out.” , ' ' I
"Let than arr-cu no. I have an idea and
you don’t unth an idea by plﬂlﬂl it In
Jail. Instead. you focus more attention on

Lot tho loo-ulna- nlarck into tho ua.
War. mod. melons. hunger, ignorance.

.._-.....,,,.. ,.., ,. H...

it; brlnu' it to more people.”

'Tho only direction is lnaumction. the on-

ly solution is revolution!"

Hay. rim Marv

-— Weatherman. 1970

You gotta 00 "0"

Oink Oink

Bonn ml

0” an Plat; _ Mark Rut. KSU

-w. must look to the unlvenhv “m

 

(continued from front cover)
monopoly on communication. "Very strange

any The VI

auditoriums, absentee teachers, and standar-

. . even though he was there; It was as If wat-
ching something on a screen Instead of being
physically part of It. But one thing was clear;
the war being waged in Vietnam was being
'nught as well at Kent State. Perhaps the sur-
realism comprised both battles . . . It also
bothered Phil that his students were losing in-

" :t in their classes — but he couldn't blame
then. « the wall separating the academic fan-
tasia from the International reality was eroding
. . . and quickly.

Rich Behar

The phone rang Just as he was shuffling the
notes into a pile, the message came as no real
shock. Trouble at the Campus, Not much
news, he thought, trouble had been brewing
for days. Let us see what fate has bestowed on
Kent . , .

Dn'ving along on the boulevard toward
campus, his mind centered on the school's ad-
ministration —- or absence of it. He was still
upset that the president had hired an outside

firm to conclude that there were "serious com:
nrunication problems" —— he could have told
them that, as well as many in the comnrunicav
lions department, But what difference did It
make? —- they hadn't done a thing about it
anyway.
Phil was

 

 
 

  
  

 

 

._.'...; .5.~

sane places in the country."
[, .. , . ..

from behind by another vehicle and cursed
under his breath. A quick smile when he spot-
ted the driver to be his colleague and future
spouse, Elaine Anderson

"Two students and two Guardsmen were
killed." she had said, and he was never to
forget her voice. There was also no way to get
onto the campus as all entrance roads were
closed by the Kent Police. So they drove to a
friend's place on the outskirts of town and
waited together for more information.

“At first I was outraged. What trove the
crazy, goddamn students done? Why are they
shooting at Guardsmen?"

The local radio station and afternoon
Record Courier confirmed the killings but the
rumors proved wrong. Both medias were
owned by the Chairman of KSU Board 0/
Trustees, and Richard Dix was not one to
sympathize with college dinnunstralors. A

"an,

     

   

»

 
   
 

“Up to that point, I tended to

 
 

Indeed. ”

A tense and disturbed David Brinkley
reported the facts on NBC News that evening.
Four students had been killed In a thirteen se-
cond burst of Guardsmen gunfire. Nine others
were wounded. ..

"I then realized that the Guardsmen had, in
a sense, gone berserk. "

n May 4th, 1970, shots fired by the

Ohio National Guard at Kent State

University snuffed the lives of four
students and scarred nine others. In the days
that followed, an uproar spread from coast to
coast as this nation {tumbled to the edge of a
precipice. Some 760 colleges and universities
either shut down or came close to doing 50.
Students spoke openly of a violent and major
uprising, conservatives and Kent townsfolk
pleaded for more college blood . . . "That's
what this country really needs" . , . and others
demanded a Grand Jury Investigation. But
none of this was the final result. instead there

, was a de-escalation of emotion and hostility as

people of all ages regained their senses. A
dreadful confrontation was avoided.

Only those who were close to the scene. in
contact with all the different factions. ap-
preciated just how dangerously close this
country came to collapsing in those critical
days.

up I

    
  

it"

 

. . .‘ ...."‘.--i§. .. -
Philip Tompkins, presently the chairman of

the RC0 Department at SUNYA. was a facul-

ty member ill Kent during this period. Ap-

polnlud by President Robert White. to chair a
Task Force on the situation, Phil concluded v

that a serious breakdown in communications,

coupled with administrative absence and In-

;okr‘npetency, led to the fatal tragedy of May
l .

he typical student of the 1060 era

began questioning the system and his
own place in it. He saw the school as bet-

ter than the eight hour day, two martinis
before dinner existence of his parents. flu
began to reject middle-class litiftlt‘h und ax:
pcritnentcd with new life styles. And he rriurv‘
ed the university as a futruuru’rutir' more of
horrors, a carbon copy of the corporate may of
life, dchurnunizezl by

lard“ fw'trtrr!

 

 
  
 
  

think of the universities as the only
-Phll Tompkins

dized programs, courses, and exams. To him
the rat race for the buck was the rat race for
the good grade. Soon he began to realize that
we are victims of middle-class America, the
beginning of a personal and a social revolu-
tion.

ent State was one of the more conser-

vative universities in the country,

says Phil. "But the republican, mid-
Western. quiet students were outraged by a
previous incident in which they felt double-
crossed by the administration — the student
conduct code."

The code, which insisted on formal hearings
before a student could be suspended, ap-
peared to be violated in April of 1970 when
SDS (Students for a Democratic Society)
members were arrested, suspended, and had
their charter revoked. Though It caused a
vocal outcry among both students and some
faculty, the administration refused to redress
the problem.

The door to a closed disciplinary hearing for
two of the students was smashed in by
demonstrators demanding an open investiga-
tion. Tire students were convicted of assault
and battery and inciting a riot, no open hear-
ing was granted.

But students and faculty continued to pro-
test the administration's handling of the

 

            
 

 

events Polls showed that even though a srnal
number (5 percent) of the university agreed
with SDS goals, more than half felt the Con‘
duct Code was indeed violated.

"Channels of communication have always
been open." insisted President White, even
after hired consultants from Columbus found
difficulties in this area.

White begun a newsletter to the faculty (For
Your Information) — bill the alienation stlll
seemed to exist as there were no means
available for reciprocal corrrrnunlcailnn.

“The president wouldn't talk to anyone "
complains Phil. “and he wouldn't delegule
any dvclslurr rrruking power. If you're going to
 (laclsurrrs that affect me, I want in sea

[Sui Kent didn't have much of ti president Ill
the time, “. . . wr- liurl u cunnineg sculptured
piece of spam."

 

Things kept surprisingly quiet urriil Thurs
day, May 1, when US. President Richard
Nixon addressed the nation on his decision to
invade Cambodia without the knowledge of
Congress.

That afternoon, Phil had had lunch with a
prominent Kent businessman. His friend ex.
pressed his distaste for the war and his deep
concern with the invasion. Furthermore. he
feared serious reaction on college campuses it
Nixon's speech did not adequately justify the
Administration's previous “peace policy,"

"Well, [listened to the speech," recalls Phil.
"and it was not good."

They buried a copy of the C0llSllllllll)il the
next day. lt was a happy occasion for the halls
serious group of 400-500 rallying on the
grassy Commons. They said they liltrluil it
because Nixon had killed it. They felt that rhu
President had shown his true colors when he
was caught contrasting the Soldich in Vit‘iilriin
with the “bums who are burning t‘trllugu rum
puses."

Black students were searching fin their own
rights and freedoms later that afternoon, when
400 of them gathered.

But KSU President White was. runhdurrl that
the situations presented no danger, and lu- lull
for the weekend to visit his sister and in .rrh-nri
a convention In lowa.

The evening, Friday, May 1...

The first real warm night of spring (Hill the
city of Kent was swarming. Bins and limb,
here were always known for attracting Lauri:
crowds of young people from all «we! llli'
region.

it was a typical evening until ii (Iii p iii
when the Chosen Few mutort'ytlt gang, lr‘il
by Corky, began performing l)ll((‘ arunrn tliiil
tricks to the marvel of streel Crrlwrl‘r ‘r’nurh
jeered and pelted a few police r'rltrst'h «
more cops were called in.

Windows were smashed. flir‘i rm kur». it)
tilted, and spray paint was r'utllpnrrl
lit up the main streets.

At 12:30, Mayor LeRoy Strtrriru lm i arwl ii
State of Civil Emergency and Utrlr’rtvl 1h.» ‘hil‘-
closed.

But this may have aggravurml thu Mllirllilm
as hordes of bewildered (.lrltrltr'ts \v-rir' iwrt ml
into the Streets; they joined the Hit“. 1 ".liii h
numbered close to 400.

The city police (numbering u mutilv til
dozen) tried moving the mob tuwurrl illr' with
of campus and here the first mirror with
munlcations breakdown Oct‘lilti'tl 'i'hm, mil
expected assistance from Cmnpll‘v pol“ w “ill
the KSU force was busy guarding hurirlri‘vi“
This chaos helped crumble llu' rrlrt'nrl‘,‘ pm:

limitit'

F relationship between Kent and the [brunt uh.

1

Fifteen arrests were made that owning at
over $10,000 in damages was (ltrrlr'

On the campus itself. the Army li‘ ill
building, among others, ‘hud berm hmr rl':
vandalized.

Concludier that the city could nut in Ipi‘  ‘lh
all the protestors and the rltiiiiii‘ml \‘ltrll‘iiv u
with the lack of cooperation between ilrw v Mi.
pus and city police, the newly t-lerrr-ri mum:
called in the National Guard Thu cumpu , mi»
not notified of this — at the time ilrr-rr' uwr- iii
tlc communication between the two

And Kent State was having its .ruththr
Crisis ~~ one administrator cited the prt'w' ‘
“inability to lllrll“! a decision rllillliri .r i nu. r
the reason for the umurguruy silutruurr» “-‘w’
were tr rlriverless car going rlir'L’iilIlll mlhm
any broken."

“The University urgrrrrizuunrr
disintegrated during this \vlrtih' rlrrrw.‘ l'l‘”
notes. “The mayor was shipping turf-“'5 “'i
llw,Urrivvrsily and asking the Nutrurrul ( um

 

liilitl

 

Any way!”

(funeral our m...
“I picked up a tear gas canniuar and threw
it back. It almost not to be a joke. The
guard-man ware lauahlnn. It was Just a

mo."
w - Hun in..er mu

‘3 soldiers were chulng a student up
Taylor Mill. "my caught him and 2 soldiers

bent hlrn with a hilly club. The other guard-
sman ﬁred tear gas at him point blank.

Screaming, the student ran 0"."
 .lnlul l’ Haws, KSU

Some of my man wit. knocked down with
rocks but lmullatoly scrambled up.

.7 General ('rrnrrnlnrry
“IF THESE GODDAMM KIDS CAN THROW
ROCKS, I CAN. 1‘00."

 

“Us. any lorce that'- necessary even to the
point of Ilmotlnu. We don't want to gut In-
to that but the low IIVI that we can ll

noes-on ."
w (iiilrrllrrl truitfuuu

After being lrouscd ill a cull overnight, a student
who Inquirer] about his rights was told through the
bars not to ‘ruorry about that crap' by a jailer who
ther cups of water on the students in the aver-

i'itlliitftlil L't'lf.
rims.qu imm- tr. ..,

Kant Stats ltudont altar placing near an”
canniatar on rocaptlonllt'o Ila-k - "ll-WIN
9‘”. "u. ‘0 Nﬂllrnouarnar, l'm om! ofthwn'
students who want. un education, but V0“
can't do that with things like this lurinrl
thrown at you."

 
 

 

receive. our children. II It prepared to
deal with the ell-Ilsa.- ol th- non-
dlnocntlc loft? Ono pods-t suggestion
(or my Mond- In the Iced-ale community:
the non tlnu I lob ol lllldonto, waving

(halt non-negotiable don-ado. nun. p“-

to come in. He didn't have anyone to talk to

 

Mammary“ m r.

  
   
  
  
   

chlng bricks and rocks “ the Student
Union - Just Im-nlns (boy or. wearing
brown shins or whlto shoots and act oc-
w'dh'lvu' — Spiro Agnrw

"Be sure you come back tonlto so you'll be

 

 

your dot-MOO. If you unal- outside.

in the building when we burn it down."
' you-ulbomutod;WsdonotIra-ttolr

— Sludrnlr to ROTC Capt. Dori Paton,
“ll anybody got. our that Hrs truck, I have n“ V9".
order! to put a little round hols In Mn." “mm, 3“ ms stud-nu Inside. I don't
_ Dim” 5mm? Km can how you Join. Through the doors!
1"” '“t' "I'm-""- P'ﬂu 5° 5"“ '0 Through an gin-r ‘I'Iu-ounhtho walls!

 

(razy '

attempting to force responsiblity onto the

all bureaucratic rules and regulations were

ministration said ‘no', we want you to break it
' thrown out the window . . . an orgy of flex-

A ~ gay-(a: to“, «

 

 

Governor and the Guard. The National Guard
has no interest in running the school — just
the peacekeeping —- and they were already
considering withdrawing until they were asked
to stay on.

" _ '-i

—— the president was out of town and forgot to
tell people he was going." ,

The mayor himself had issued a 1:00 a.m.
curfew on the campus but another poor
system of communications resulted in various

 

23 faculty members issued a statement

rumors as to the correct time and procedures.
6070 arrests were made Saturday evening, deplorlng the Guard‘s presence and the

most for curfew violations. These included the Governor's remarks, 60 oi Phil's colleagues
entire cast of a play, and students attending a “mugged a fun [acuhy meeting bur wmre
film lESilVﬁlt declined. Only the Senate, he said. could call

The ROTC building was burned down bet- such ,. meering,
ween eight and nine that night and when the “we wanted 1.; he informed as in What was
“TU IYUCKS ade “my WOW boml’i‘rdc‘l Will) going on." remarks Phil, “and the president
ka5. Hoses Weftl Sliced and “W fireman n' refused to metal with the faculty about this
L’ilr The Campus PDliCU hilt) lalled 1” IW’VldL‘ matter. So we were totally ignored. The facul—
Dmtection for the city firemen; a provision that ly mat in n church in Akron, Ohio, the infirm-
Wi's made in me P35'r When “my finally 500W ing day and the president failed to attend."
ed up they were shrouded in riot gear; the
mob was dispersed by tear gas.

And much to everyone's surprise. the Na»
tional Guard came marching onto University the campus e- and i couldn't believe it! Per-
grounds at 9:30. They also Cleared lhe cam- sorrel carriers, soldiers in uniforms. helmets.
PUS Wllh mar £155. We" llmllgli "WW Sllldb’nls rifles, blocking every entrance to the campus
were still unaware of the curfew. KSU security _ , , [read the paper trying to make sense out
was now in their hands. of what all this wzrs -r as if you were entering a

GOVCmDr RhOdGS “CW (10W!) “ii Sunday battle zone. Very few people knew that these
“10"”an and Called fUY ii “0W5 C‘mliii‘mce- Hi? guys were Carrying loaded weapons around.
was loaded Willi l’li‘ZlOI'lC. C'illiilll ll“: K01" Some administrator's knew but they didn't

"I can remember getting up to go buy a
Sunday paper ﬂ to do that I had to drive by

disturbances, “the most Vicious form of bother to tell us "
cari'1l3115"3il‘3|“i3d VlOlenC“ W) Purlmlmmd l” By 8 pm, a large crowd had amassed on
ONO-H campus and its sin! was growing steadily. lhe

Guard was concurrqu and ordered a 9 pm.

“They're the worst type of people that we
curfew. When the crowd failed to disperse. the

harbor in America and we're going to

eradlcate the problem —— we're not going in soldiers promptly gassed them. The students

treat the symptoms."
“. . . any and every means possible
ll."

He refused to close KSU down deeming
that this would play into the hands of the SDS.
"The governor was running for Senate
nomination for the R8publicnn party and he
was losing," explains Phil. “So he made llit‘
Campus unrest a political issue. He culled llu-
demonstrators communists and browrrslrrrls.’
President White finally returned from his
weekend outing and Willi(li.’it'il unto ctrrrrprrs
The governor's only mussugu hr him was

"Keep it open,"

Wliitrl llrun reasoned that ilu- r'yr'rriu wore
“out of our hands." but l’lril lllllilfjlll it was .r
cop-out. The rrnivrr‘silv, ii St't'ilil'il in him, wan

 

“Fix buyunaio. gas masks. load!"

“The Guard turned toward us. We more ex-

pecting tear you.
We not something also-3"

“All «fa sudden aucrythlnujuut blew up."
“EUIrythlng happened lofaat: it was llkc a

car wreck."
"It sounded like tho Fourth of July."

to stop

were incorrectly informed that the Mayor and
President White were running to meet them
and they grew hostile iiiK‘l angry. They cursed
lire Guardsmen turd police, chucking rocks at
both. More tear gas.

A few Guardsmen were injured from rocks
that evening, some students were lmyonetted.
(Not 50 were tines;th and placed in county
jrlll‘r, Halls wlrir'lr were straining to support all
llrt'. youth ilu'y lurusr'd for the past few (lays.

0n Morulny morning. May 4ll’r, university
administrators unit with the Mayor and the Na:
trontrl Guard behind closed (loop. Until l’lril's
study wur. released, it was unclear us; in whirl
«exactly funk pint 0 .u this crucial gntlu'r'irrg

" I'lru (‘ruurrl offered to let the students huw
llu'it rtrlly sr'lrr-riuit-d for noun tlrr- ml

 

 

—-..____~;.___.__.__.__—————_
“I thought that only blank rounds were he-
lnu ﬁred and I thought that not" the

bullets started Making up dust at rnyfcet."

 

 

 

"They must beﬂrlnn blanks. tho-a can't be
real bullet-t" Al llurlrrlwur, ..z.r.,.r.-.

“l was laughing. I thought those jerks are
firing a machine gun over uvaryona'u
head."

u .
“No one believed this at the time. the ad-
ministration kept saying they weren't
culpable."

They never considered that it was only a
question of time before the young Guard-
smen, worn out from long days keeping order
in a previous Cleveland wildcat strike. worn
out by student shouts and missiles. would
crack.

When the Guard opened fire on the crowd
of students, the president was eating lunch
with several of his vice-presidents on the out—
skirts of Kent.

"He didn't even go to the rally which he told
the Guard to break up."

Tire second-in-command of KSU (a vice
president) was ill and uninformed. another
two were in California, one in Europe. Tire re-
mainier deans received no official word about
the critical issues.

When the Guard opened fire, most of the
students who came to school that afternoon
were also ignorant of the facts. Many were
crossing through the “battleground area' in
order to reach their dorrrritories. classes, or
cafeteria. Some of these studer'rls were
wounded or killed,

“After firing, they still weren't satisfied.
When the students realized that some of their
peers had been killed they were distraught,
weeping, crying, clutching each other. and the
Guardsmen told them in break it up, get ull
campus, disperse or else they would slroul
again."

“Now imagine 21,000 students, and facul-
ty, and all who Worked there [old to get off
campus simultaneously.

“The police Set up it barricade around canr
pus, so in order to get off you had to go
through a roadblock and got out of the cor
They'd search the car to catch us much contra-
band as possible. The next week the district at-
torney and local police went through all the
dormitories looking for marijuana. guns.
knives. anti-war and protest literature, and
they had a huge display of ii for the press, to
prove that the siudents were bad people, The
police had no search warrant."

a; I).

a
‘

“Some students litrd no plan: to go when
ordered to disperse. ()rrc chairman described
how he had seen SUIi'lL‘ ‘\v.rlkirrg along the
highway carrying bugs, dragging clothes. and
wacping.’ "

l’lrll thinks it A miracle. that no one was killed
durhrg the nlglrtrrrorlslr exodus.

Two weeks later. tlw faculty was allowed
buck on campus Ilrcy guirrr'rl rllitit‘hb to corn
prrter's in order to Ctnr‘r'slrtrrul with sludenls
finishing the SUllil‘hlifl
"That was tlrc only good flung tlrut came

rrui nf tlu: wlurk' ‘wxpr'r‘lurrcu, a period where

      
   

r ,. .‘ '4. Lg. ‘

ibility and humaneness."

Students met with faculty in bars, churches.
their homes; others communicated via letters
and telephone in order to complete
assignments and take exams. But there were
some problems . . .

"We'd call their homes and some parents
would say 'we haven't seen him —— if you find
him sir. please let us know': some said ‘l’m
sorry. you can't interview her. she's in a men
tal hospital' ~ nervous breakdowns, and so
on."

Phil Tompkin's Task Force investigation
revealed a complete breakdown in com
munication. an absence of planned emergen
cy systems. an "invisible" president, ant:
bmkarr promises.

He puts much of the blame on Presrdcnr
White for failing to appear at the rally, failing
to legitimize the Guard's orders or presence
and for turning a “peaceful, almost playful rai-
ly into a fatal confrontation."

"I think it was absurd to order the Natlonu
Guard to go out and break up a rally. Witt.
what purpose? To what end? They had in
authority to do it. They chased them halfwu:
around campus »— firing tear gas, Tlrer
[students] burned buildings , . . but that's n-
ruusrrrr for shooting anybody."

l’hil feels the administration also flounderer
by not realizing llru relative ineffectiveness of
written communication and the need for
redundancy in critical matters. He also has a
few words for the National Guard.

"Up to that point, i tended to think of the
universities as the only sane places in the
country — that we were permitted to dissent
and protest. And their the administration in u

some collaborated with the Guard to try and
prohibit it, To this day they [administration]
share the responsibility of the problem —— that
doesn't menu I can forgive for one moment
the Guardsmen — these crazy, amateur
soldiers who were in charge —~ their violations
of Pentagon orders about locked and loaded

weapons -— there's plenty of blame to go
around.
"I have learned, though, to be wary of the

x r

      

National Guard. Whenever they're called in,
Ihcre's going to be trouble , . . i would urge
everyone to stay as far away as possible ~-
uuless they want to get killed,"

'I‘hough he. was openly opposed to the war,
his responsibilities as a professor forced Phil to
play a small role as for as activism was corr-
curried. He says he attended some speeches
and rallies, but remained low-keyed.

But like nrtmy at the time, he full that Kent
may have bean just tr beginning ~- that a solid
rvvoluiinrr could have been a result
(continued on page 10(1)

 

 

 

“One moment I was taking pictures. The
next I was eating dlrt."

7 Jerry Smith“, jrirurrrurtrjrhr-r

“CHASE FIRE! CEASE Fllllil CEASE Fllﬂil"

(lr'lil'lrll .lunru

()nr- student was hit in the chest. Blond flawed

through his shirt. As Irv twisted, hand bowed. thu

student find a look a] "ruler disbelief” on his face.

“Something hit me in the ass. l thought it
was a rock. and then I put my hand back
illch and felt the blood."

"One student lurked like a puppet.
twisted, and fell like he got broken into
placao."

“HELP US”

 

 

 

 

    
   
   
   
 
    
   
   
    
   
   
     
  

       
 

     
   
    
    
   
   
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  

 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
        

 
  
  
   
  

  
 
  
 
   
 
    
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
  

 
 
  

