 

‘ nu..zw-«n-=-w~m

 

7703
I _ 3,
A o
, :1

v
i
O
3;
0
i:
'-
U
L
O
B
0
=
I.
U
L
O
3
¢
i:
I.
'U
L
0
3
¢
_.:
I.

‘ 7‘ e  the  the‘bitter cold-
oi his mid-Atlantic city would toughen'hts skin

to _a consistency similar to that of his stre'et- .‘_

wise friend's . character and the learned
' discipline of his fifth-grade teacher who taught
him improper infractions and whose stern and
round eyes scared the daylights out of his

after-noon. only to send him back out in the '

cold. his scarlet cheeks growing white edges
like the down in his jacket or the snow. with
the Wind from the lake that bummed through
his door at night in C minor harmontdng with
the overture of the symphony of his life. en- -

ding with an erotic coda that culminated Into a
sltattering climax. but that was years away and r
until then he faced a daily barrage of elemen-
tary questions that be neither liked nor t
understood and grappled with the logic of sul»
jects and predicates and do you do that at
home? and sat iii ltis seat pretetidiiig not do
know the answer. which would stirer isolate
hint from the basketball players he Couldn't
corrrpete with (who didn't let him play.
anyway) and the girls who were growing taller
than him as well as breasts and huddled into
groups. triost definitely to laugh at liirti. and
hlrtl ottly because nobody else had his pro»
or his fears wl ch lie was forced to

assume with a 7] inch screen that offered him
, .
Bob 0 Brian

fond when he was hungry. clothing when he
felt naked. and cirrnpairionsltip when be M '
lonely, and the price of this refuge he couldn’t
begin to conceive of as llt' [relieved that Ford I
had a better idea and really wondered if he
would actually look better iii a sweater washed
in Woolite that a sexy triantieqttin wore on a '
crowded city street. or sometimes discarded to
parade around in a storefront picture window
with rto clothes on. but that didn't change her
placid and benign Princess (irace smile one
bit. neither did the fact that she didn’t have
pubic hair that he didn't know at the time
nst him uncomfortably the
first time bee use everyone knew the first titne
was to be savored arid he could never figure
that one out. for his palms had turned wet and
frigid cold the first time and his heart pumped
ferociously irt his throat from which he manag-
ed to cough up unintelligible sentences that
she didn't care to hear anyway. and legs so '
weak that they couldn't support ltitn (or her).
so it was with great awe arid que. on arid a
source ofcynical laughter to him. act ally. that
all the fuss was made about it. that poems '
rliyrned in memory of it. that songs were sung I
praising it. that books were sold recording the '
details of it. and even. his father had to go
through with it. as well as almost everybody he
could think of. even Bogart wlro assuredly

i

' had a cigarette after it and even his Aunt Jean

wlio also smoked cigarettes. almost with a
vengeance arid pulled the smoke rip through
her nose and let it out to soothe her raspy.
tough voice with a sloe ‘ ' . that was her
favorite. the standard of his aunt whose hair
was frosty wltite and whose physique was still
lean and whose skirt would stick to her knees
in the wintertime front the static which she
Would smooth out with the air of distinction
that everyone said she had. on the order of a

. t
i

Joan Crawford. say. or Rosalind Russell. a
‘fgutsy dame" who could tell the Men In her
life to strove it occassionally. and said things
like “who in the hell do you think you are?" to
show her indignation. yes. even Aunt Jean
went through it but women like Aunt Jean
frightened him and put the fear of the Tube in
hitii which as he grew older assumed a dif»
ferent meaning and told him that ito one
Would love him unless he did it this way. and
he would wreak front body odor and bad
breath and he laughed. scorned. arid ridiculed
at and Would he. basically. a piece of shit
unless he did it the right way. all of which. as
he later found out. were manifestations of
older standards that preordairred the sequence
of right things like the riglii books to read. the
right music to listen to. the right restaurants.
the rigltt food, the right people. and the right
thing to do. always if source of great Conflict

for him as it must be I guess lirrrrirtii maybe for -

anyone who thinks or contemplates wltlch
maybe hirirrrrn i guess isn't really that many.
but "many" is a subjective amount considering
the number who are called as opposed to the
number that are chuserr. and for what grand

pum’ose’ordesign was he being called to, may \‘

he have been so bold to ask ~- because his
name Wasn‘t/T'Leglon" and he was not litany

'at all. but.0ne Solitary Life just like Jesus wag
'or M30 or even Buddah Confucius. Multam.
fmad. St. Augustine or Princess Lee and he,
sister Jackie. neither of whom he could rm.
aglne farting and leaving the room to avoid the
subsequent embarrassment of the Uiikindest
cut of all; or doing anything mundane and or.
dinary. the things that warranted reprimand
from parental figures. he things Iltrjy did
anyway like leaving dirty peyoti' \ttielllng
socks near the bed or driving drunk into the cit
ty at night where the triggers lived and wiring

with radios in their ears. drugs to sell. in“ lit/Li

talk and innate funk that he L’itVlt'il and tan-
'tasized about while he shouiri'vu inn r. ‘lirltitJ
his trigonometry * binomials liilltriiiiiidls.
parabolas. and abstracts that helped lilitltl the
great pyramids. towers. dams. liiltliiin, .,,,.i
the go'dvawful co-ops that an i‘itiltilr trim].-
rnatlread could have Cnltf't'iVi‘tl on .. tort tiny.
not unlike today ~ the "today" he "ii v. wutli.
believed iii and was told with liiii oinprurmitrgr

urance would be lollwmt t: .,

"tomorrow". and was pt‘t‘tt'tlt’il h. m in.“ _.

more distant "yesterday" that Lur- n 'tit titled

by a inortalistic need to preserve ‘.l.lpi‘ u .,,

never was. the same need that llttr
parents to frame lritn and his ‘rl‘wlt‘i t-m m

In 8 and one-half X it lit'lrls of light in l ‘
him to scra 1. iii chalk. one nrorw mi vlti'
eulogy to l . conscious living self iilir‘ .n‘ilu
word. on a graffitierl. red bricked will tit rht,
school for which l](.' was iititiit'llt‘itili ti lot it
cuffed. and dragged off in an t‘i'lli‘ llurldiitl
automobile with a screen in lmt l1. lliril Hill the
used for Wild animals or something. viiill liil'li
he was photographed front and *ritlt‘. itruret

printed. and allowed to keep on his regular at-'.
tire of blue-leans and a flannel shirt and in he

went. into the holding center cell for a night

because iustice began in the morning. and all I
. he could do, until then was try to sleep or sit

and scan his entire life up until that point and
retle‘ct. which is precisely what hewas doing.

in the morning. the boy was awakened by
the tangle and clatter of keys opening locks
and metal bar-doors sliding to and fro, Two
men siobd‘before hlm iii silence. seeming to
demand that he get up frottt his cot im-
mediately. which is exactly what he did. He
had no idea what time of day it was. not where
they were taking him. The two men were of

i equal height and botlr wore grayish. almost

khaki shirts and pants. Neither of them said a
word. but motioned that they wished him to
follow. The only sound that could be heard as
they walked was black leather shoes on the
floor echoing through the oblong hallway that
neither entitled not received liglrt. save for one

~' flickering oraitgeyellow incandescent btilb.

After belrtg led into the courtroom. the he
sat and looked at his surroundings. The design
was traditional with ilte usual Latin inscription.
where the ‘U's look like ‘V . arid the American
flag stood beside impressive pillars of white.

abovo anxious and downtrodden faces

mostly black. An old man. most likely it drunk.

‘ stood before the )iidge lit a dark. Ugly-g on I .

rair'rcoat. Again. no one spoke directly to the ‘

boy. birt instead. motioned to hint to stand

before the judge's bench.

"What a tlu‘ charge» against this bin/C"
asked the triagistrate and before the boy r-oiilii
answor'. a vriite ernergerl

“1)(ltd-disorderlyc-r' t' conduct. sir."

The boy looked lit'llllitl lilili 'l‘lier‘e stood

I. with an opetr briefcase on the desk itt front of

him a public defender who had already been 

/ assigned to his case bacon-re a local civil rights :-

iulVocr rup had taken irrtr.‘ .st, 'llrir ho

was lreslil himself. ills attorniy was a stul

' terer. ‘ H
UM‘J‘tiiy'liiy (. client is not of age. slt.

. ’ r r t \r

all?

it
ii

i

l

liittr not to repeat the word he had si’rritt'lrod

“How old are you. son?" asked the Judge in
a friendly. paternal voice.

“Seventeen. sir." I

"Seventeen. sir. repeated his honor with a
islgh and as he read the deta is of the boy's ar-
rest. a faint smile thawed some of the icy-cold
austerity of his due-processed face.

“So. a John Doe. eh? Well. John Doe.
,you've been accused of disorderly conduct —
writing an obscenity on public property. How
do you plead?"

Once more. the voice rang unevenly from
themdtground,

"Not-notsnot gut-gui-guilty. your honor."
The boy was dumbstruck. His attorney con-
tinued without flaw.

This is tnore tlratr merely a case of a boy
wr ng a dirty Word on a brick wall. This strikes
at the heart of our b c rights. This is a matter
of free expexp-expression. We ltave no inten-
tioir of entering a pleo'of git iirguilty. your
llt)itt)l. V

Your honor wait 77 " the boy began.

|but his only objection was interrupted. again. -
by his attorney I

When soirreone's right of self expression is.
int iiii'llli'liiilillgltt'il. no matter how petty or
oblique it may be. we're there to help ' And
with that display of eloquence arid a liiill
snrile. llte young. stuttering civil attorney pick-
ed up his brief case arid left the courtroom.
leaving behind rtrurnttir's arid tbi.I pounding of
the Judge's gavel.

“All right. then. a plea rrl not guilty has been
entered. ilultli Doe. you are hereby ordered to
.tanil trial lii (foint Nitiirber 173 of IJtitt'liess
County on May in l-ratrkly. l was ready to

suspend the small lliit‘ you would've received - " I
had you pleaded guilty. but seeing as though '

"\ an honor. l
‘Qittet, please. llris is a courtroom "

flail was set and within days. the boy was ,' ’
released Dignitaties from every social group. ..

liarity otgaiii/atiiin. arid lftlllltliillflll iit lili‘
area paid hint a visit at his home. much to the

ilelittltt of his parents who touched lit the  ,f 1;

publicity and «.ouglrt out ways of capitalI/ing
on their son's sudden fonut liliu' suited iiIL'II
with ilistiirgnislu'd gray hair patted liliii on the
back iiltll told Ilit’ boy that ltt' personified all
that America once was. and that it was up to
liiiti to restore dignity to our battered land.
l’rrt'lly. ililtltllt' rigoil \votni'it risked lillii to
speak at lllt‘lf ‘Illllill fniu liHii‘r. and cautioned

' ion the wall. so .rs litil to offend the sensibilities

..\, v
of; tion for his actions and said nothing 'n .
l

‘1

of lllt'ti‘ find-fearing .ttenibers even though

‘ they did riot know what the word was. In a

presentation at the White House. the t 'i-
dent awarded the boy a certificate of merit for

his “.etraciotrs stand on human rights for not

i.

only Aittr'rit'ans. birl for citizens of the \Uirlltl.
'l’ite spate of people. famous or not. who daily

confronted arid praised the boy. didn't seem 

It) iiiliitl in the least that he offered no i'xpltrita

espouse ltr llii’li ltlilil'ViJliitlt‘il platitudes.
Not all reactions to the boy's on-going saga

epitomized the disintegration of llii‘ country's
ntrrral fllit-‘i. Home of tlresr p'oups perpetrated

aimed that the boy hadn't written an obsceni-|
y trfter all. but was actually carving his initials
trio the brick at llti‘ time of his arrest. Another

oup sent young lriglr st'lioolers across the '

ountr‘y with lii‘rlllit'litili‘i to r iirse a blue streak
. irt front of senior L'llllt’iih lllll‘i illtrtttinatiirgtlte
bad influence lltt' boy had on the llitllttll‘
‘yotrtig and the serious r tiit‘rt'illlt‘lit’t‘H of art rrc~
-i quiltal for him. while still another leak claimed
that llll' i'lillli‘ iiulit‘ent \Ull") ii liiiil
And as lllt’ iniitiertilir against liliii at'

cunnilated. the boy lit'tiiillt' more and more
tlt'frlitiltili‘iil. wlri'ii' flllillll/ he said nothing at
till to irtiyiiiuly Miliillt‘r passed Nirl a Wtiltl.
The trial date tum approaching and the boy

was taken back to prison as his de se was
prepared.

“N-n-n-now I don't want you to s-s-s-spoil
anything.” his attorney advised. “
main quiet and We'll t-t-take care of
everything."

From the meeting. .the boy was led back to
his cell. Everything became unusually quiet
and he‘ found himself suddenly face to face
with a surly—looking inmate who was pacing
nervously with his lrattds in his pockets.

“We don't like what you done." he said.
and his eyes looked up and down at the boy.

“Now. sometimes l say tltose words when
l'm good arid mad. but no one l know would
write something so filthy and disgusting on a
wall where little schoolchildren could see it."
He pulled out a large kitchen knife that im-
mediately sent‘llte boy's heart heating at an iti-
credible pace. draining the blood from lils
legs. A guard stepped into the foreground
near the hostile inmate .rtidthe troy felt reliev-
ed, only to lit' ctiirsiitrieil once again with fear
as he realized that the guard liittl no intention
whatever of helping ltiiti He stood with his
arms folded.

“We don't like you here." he sneered. “You
slroitld be burned for what you did. Everyone
else thinks so. too. even those fancy people
with their money and llii’li (tars think so. but
they're too ltlckenshii to admit it arid now
they're too lrrrred to care what happens to
you."

The boy turned to run but was caught front
belitnd with something that felt ltot on his
throat. it fell like an lndlari burn or a string beA
iirg rubbed vigorously back and forth. He tried
to s earn but only a gargling sound came out
He struggled to breathe. but couldn't and now
everything fell silent. Mute faces looked at ltiirt
like they were confused and the boy fell to the
floor. brealhlt's . wirile a preiiy shade of red
smeared his gray work shirt.

The echo of footsteps ringing. unaccom-
panied violated the offensive silence and a pair
of block gator slrirr's stood adjacent to tlti‘
unpleasant sight.

"l)-tl d (lltl ev”rytlriiu_t turn out all right

Yeah. it's over." ‘

"llils is only the lie-Ire lre inning. boys.
(in o onlytlri' beginning The makeshift vigil
that hovered over the boy disbanded and so-
meone suggested tlial the police he called. .

. woman: woman; puma-r; ‘p-Ibiitiatu V p

 

