, Que—er

res"..—

 

4:1".

r‘rvq.-r-rf 1,54.

l

 

 

w "a...

 

 

Sound 8: Vision ‘

. . .. .qu‘ﬂﬁ'iﬁm

Aspects

  
 

 

- - s .. "um—u
imp-AW?”

   

Sound & Vision

 
  

he...“ m“... .. .1 ,
erméﬁswierl-mm’

Page 9a

 

Page 80 _

L don't work for our college newspaper;

i never have and i never will. You
lsee. i couldn't care less about budget
cuts, No-Nukes. SA elections, mice in the
dorms. or similar topics considered to be
"front page news" by a staff of socially starved,
overworked newswrlters. Apathetic? That's
oneway to look at it. Then again. maybe l'm
slm I a realist who lives for the moment. and

Cliff Sloan

In twenty-two years of moments. there's one
thing We learned — all things must pass.
From warfare to Watergate. Kennedy to
Caner. Khonrelnl to Kissinger — they all come
and go. but I remain. l remain. perhaps
strangely. unaffected and emotionally remov»
ecl from topics and events which seem to en-
thral the world around me. l'm more in-
trigued by the emotional impact of a moment;
a moment i can understand. a rrronieiit i can
be part of. a moment that's pint of me
They're things ilrat never have. arid probably
never will. fill the front page because they're
“.0! accessible to everyone. and justice can't
always be done \vith nouns and adjectives.
l'hev're moments of sWr-aty rtillILtjitIlltrll like
those preceding the loss of one's viigrrrrty.
moments like the churning pangs of violent
vengeance «wilted in; an enemy's name, or
rriorrreirts of l‘lL‘lJltlL' energy like those
jenerated by your favorite band. if you don't
know what l'm trying to say. | suggest you turn
the page, Turn it forward to page one and eti-
ioy a healthy helping of blatantly dry facts that
won't stir your irrragirration or make you tiriirk
too much. if you know what l'm saying.
however. yoti'll know why I turned away front
our college newspaper; turn to a

Cant You Reed

 

 

ince his introduction into the niuslc
world. via the art-rock group Velvet
Undergrourrd.’Lou Reed iras been In
the public eye. By looking at. and singing
about life. no matter how cruel or scanty it is.
Lou earned the fitting title “Godfather of
Punk." While the
music has chang-
ed, the attitude

 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  

has always re-
m a i n e d t h e
same. Lou will

do whatever he
feels like doing.
For his newest .
album. Growing Up in Public.
in sometlrln and.

Edward Prnka

 

 

 

 

~ C’s Only an

magazine called Aspects, to a section named-

Sound and Vision.

For the past year or so. my association with
Aspects has led me to be dubbed with many
literary labels — editor. writer. critic. inter-
viewer, reviewer. and so on down the line.
Whenever these titles come my way. i nod in
flattered acceptance, Remember. however.
that l consider myself a realist. and l accept the
praising labels only because l write for Sound

' and Vision.and not our college newspaper,

You see, the true test of a writer is the ability to
transfer a personality. an appearance. or a
sound into words. While newswriters merely
spew quotes and statistics which provide infor»
mation. a Sound and Vision writer must
somehow take the energy of a concert. the
emotional impact of a film. or the passion of a
theatrical production and lay it down in black
and white. We try to make you see it. hear it.
and feel it. although you've never been there.
Sometimes we reach you and sometimes we
mi5s our target But whatever we do. it's
something you can see. something you can
hear. something you can reach out and touch.
in Sound and Vision. you'll never read about
something that happened a thousand miles
away in some high security legislative vault.
Rather. it'll be a record you cart iniv tomor-
row. a film you can see tonight, or a performer
touring the area. So when someone lit‘c'~ for
the moment (as does a certain S a V writer).
all this entertainment is there for liirri to grab.
to tell people about. to let them know how
much creative and artistic growth is slipping
through their fingers while they focus on “front
page news." You can spend time watching
politicians shape current events. or you Can
spend time shaping your own cultural growth
- the choice is yours to make We know

Growing ll

Backed by the same tight band used on his
last few albums. Reed comes across with the
strained passion of someone who knows. so-
meone who's been there. This is life as lived by
Lou Reed.

K Lou's opening song "How Do You Speak
to an Angel" is advice to those of us raised in

less than perfect homes. or with not so

magnetic personalities. who don't know what
to say to the girl of our dreams.

But certainly there are better things in life to
worry about than "how do you speak to the
prettiest girl." and Lou knows this. "My Old
Man" is a look at a personality crises Trend
Growing up in
Brooklyn. Lou spends his time trying to act
like his father. but this means he Would have

would have liked Lou).

to beat up his mother.

Mr. Lou In
younger
clays. grow-

ing up on
the wild
side of life.
love. and
In la In. In

t. for I song.
. \ Freud
would have
LIL-Mb—

 

Love is usually a subject Lou brings up on

which one I made. .

So now the time has come for me to
become another in a mass of two thousand
graduating students. to relinquish my position.
to turn and walk away from what might prove
to be my londest collegiate memory. This
magazine called Aspects. this section named
Sound and Vision. has taught me more about
people. life. and business than any teacher
and textbook could ever‘ hope to. It's taught
me that there really is an outlet for those who

 

his albums. But what he loves or how his sen~
timental ventures end are usually not standard
topics in other love songs. On Berlin. Lou ex-
plored 5 8L M affairs from botlr sides of the
whip. And on “The Bed" Lou loses his love to
death via a razor blade. “l'm Waiting For My
Man" I doubt needs any explanation.

But Lou is older now (the album cover is‘
proof of that). and wiser through experience.
He knows how to handle love and on "Keep

Away." after bending and bending to save a ,

one-sided relationship. Lou cuts out. "Love is
Here to Stay" is Lou's affirmation of the theory
that opposites attract: "it gets prouen every
(in 

With love still very much in mind on “Think
it Over." Lou sings of a panacea mariage. This
is not surprising since Lou became a married
man just a short while ago.

Reported to have cleaned up from his
heroin days. Lou has found a new drug to sing
about — alcohol. “The Power of Positive
Drinking" covers everything alcohol is Suppos
ed to do to you and ends with a die‘hard bar
man's promise to die with a drink in hand.

“So Alone" is Lou's attempt to pity the
plight of the bachelor. Lou suffers through an
evening of apologizing. humbling himself.
dancing. and ERA rather than spend the night
alone.

The title cut. “Growing Up in Public." is a
look at people. Lori tells about all kinds of
people and how they deal with us and how
we're always caught in the middle. left to de-
..fe:id ourselves. “with our prints down. "

Tire music of Lott Reed's studio albums has
never come close to the power ot his two
albums; there have beenat least three. and
this album is not much of an exception. While
most of the tunes are catchy. and listenable,
the most distinct sound is the driving beat sup-
plied by bassist Ellard Boles and drummer

Michael Suchorsky. But still it is his voice, cut-
ting above all Instruments. straining to make

“Stand on Ceremony" is such a song. Spitting
the words out. Lou sounds like he‘s going to
grab you out of your room and take you to his
mother's deathbed.
On Take No Prisoners when Lou says "i
don't need anybody to tell me I'm good. i
_ know l'm good." he isn't kidding. But this Isn't

k’n’noll

    

us comprehend his songs: "realism is the key.."

don't relish precision-based sciences and
mathematics. lt's taught me that keeping my
nose buried in an accounting book so that l
have a safe. secure future is no way to go
through life. No sir. that's not how it's done!
You have to chase your dreams. Chase them
as you would any prey. with cunning. ambi»
tio'n. and poise. Pursue them. catch them.
and live with them. because “Lose your
dreams and you will lose your mind. in life
unkind".

p With Lou

conceit. this is experience from someone
who's been around a_while. it's pride in doing
something good. it's love and passion and a
life. i hope Lou doesn't mind me saying so.
but he's hit the right vein with this album. it is
very good and he knows it.

  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 

rofessional actor. dancer and director
Daniel Barton returned to Albany

achelors degree he began here 12 years ago,
He will be receiving his degree for directing
e University Theatre production of Lesley
ee's Killing Time. which is currently running
the PAC Arena Theater tonight. tomorrow.
d Sunday at 8:00 p.m.

"I never really thought of an alternative to
eatre. i don't know what else I could do. It
ight sound pretty pitiful but it's true." Barton

  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
   

" I

It lane Fox
His first professional play was at the Buffalo
udio Arena. "l was in a production of
. rano de Bergerac with George Grizzard and
y Schetder. l was in high School their. and
rt of just kept going."
._: He began college at Buffalo State University
' i transferred here as one of the first Educa-
al Opportunity Program students.
When i came here. and I'm not klddirrg.
r en you saw another black student it was like
ts." Barton joked. ‘
On his Counselor's advice. he began sear-
ng for a play to direct. Barton chose Tam-
urlnes of Glory by Langston Hughes and
‘ an a six month rehearsal period with his
e cast of 30. This was his first directing ex-
lence.
n opening night. the actress with the
rding role didn't show up.
1il'le had no choice. “i played her part and
trave reviews." said 6'5". 190 pound Bar-

 

l'umerous shows followed all under the
, ction of energetic Barton.
I got a lot out of the theatre department
‘_ (materials. facilities) because they are willing to
 me do what i thought needed to be done.
People were aware there was a black theatre
up here. We really did a lot of plays." Barton
said. -
Referring to his college experience in the
early ‘70‘s. Barton said, “it was a time of many
demands. l was one of the students that took
ver the administration building and chained
rs." The Afro-American Studies Depart»
'ent was instituted at this time and Barton
ped write the charter for it.

  
  
   
 
   
 

State University last January to finish the

in 1972. "with the draft breathing heavily
down my neck." Barton left Albany and went
to New York City seeking a'career in acting.
He received a scholarship to the Alvin Ailey
American Dance Center and expanded his
dancing skills. He was cast in plays off-
'Broadway and did regional theatre at the Mc-
Carter Theatre in New Jersey and the
American Theatre in Washington. DC. '

There were commercials. a part iii a
"Kojak" episode. hosting public television's
"Black Theatre in America" program and a
role in the movie Myra Breckenridge.

in his first Broadway show. The Poison
Tree. he played a deranged schizophrenic.

When Barton walked into an audition for
the Broadway production of Timbucktu. he
was given the part of M'Ballah by director
Geoffory Holder without saying a word.

Barton was on Broadway for almost a year
and then went on the show's national tour un‘
til 1978.

Barton directed several

off‘Broadway

 

illins'l'ilne at Albany

shows including Killing Time at the Village
Gate in 1976.

He returned to Albany in 1979 to direct
Morris Hill's Cavorlln' with the Whartons at
the Empire State Plaza Performing Arts
Center.

“Now. l feel I have more of an artistic state-
ment to rriake as a director." Barton said.

interested in attending Yale for a Masters of
Fine Arts in directing. he called Albany State
seeking his transcript. Albert Asermely. head
of the Division of Performing Arts. offered
Barton credit to complete his Bachelors
degree if he would direct a play.

Barton explained that he chose Killing Time
because it is a “chronicle. lt's history that a lot
of us have lived and can make a comment on.
it's son of cliche but you really have to know
where you've been to know where you're go-
ing and this play does that."

The play is composed of scenes. each of
which examine a period in American history
between 1865 and the 1970's. It displays the

 

   

comedy. politics and tragedy of black
Americans in each time pgriod.

Barton bridges the scenes by using sound
collages. As characters exit. they see others
from the next time period entering. “It's a look
forward and a look back all the way through."
Barton said.

When Barton was in Killing Time at the
Village Gate in 1976 the final scene on the
politics of Black organizations in the early
1970's left the audience uncomfortable.

"This play ended right where we were. The
statement made was too close to the time we
were in."

Barton thinks the play will be more timely
now since contemporary audiences can be ob-
jective about it. looking back.

"I think the main thing that happens with all
these people (characters) is that they survive."
Barton said.

He admits the characters look to the past
and contends the play is optimistic since they
go on to fight against future odds.-

 

 

 

Danlel Barton to doing more than Idlllng time in hie return
engagement at the PAC. He's looking back on Black history.

 

 

rjust ffolkes

Action,

t never ceases to amaze me. The PR
I geniuses who package movies never

seem to have any idea of who they're
packaging them for. This is definitely the case
with ifolkes. which is being advertised as being
basically a James Bond movie. Which it isn't.
despite starring Roger Moore. Nonetheless.
the posters show Roger Moore as a giant
straddling an oil rig with beautiful women clim-
bing up his legs as he holds a cat and a cham-
pagne glass. totally unaware of them. The
radio ads say “lfolkes . he doesn't need a

license to kill."

.Jim Dixon

None of this has anything to do with the
movie in the theatre. i/olkes is not an action
movie. if the definition of an action movie is a
film which rises large amounts of violence to
hold the audience. liolkes would be better sold
as a suspense thriller. which is more in litre
with what it really is. There is some action. but
not enough to please most dairies Bond fans.

In fact. the idea of hijackers holding a huge
ocean oil rig for ransom isn't wurlrl~shalung
enough for Bond fans who have literally seen
their hero save the world iii the last couple of
outings. It may lrrtrigue audiences at the trio-
nierit. wlro can see some coincidental
similarities to recent events in other parts of
the world.

 

ifolkes is the hero who's out to stop the
apolitical hijackers. who. led by Anthony
Perkins. are only out for money. (They never
explain why iiolkes insists on spelling his name
with all lower-case letters)! ffolkes is the leader
Of a group of underwater commandos who
ave been convenient) rehearsin for just

     
 

 

     

  
   
  
  
   
   
  

éh an event for months.
no of the most delightful things about this
' is. believe it or not. Roger Moore. Though
ll refuse to concede any acting ability on
I e's part, he's good as ffolkes Maybe
use ffolkes is so different from Bond he
' s to put more into it. lfolkn-s is a
gpgynyst. first of all. Feministsmay be of-
ded. but i found this easier to stomach than
T cent trend of having 007 such
gcending playboy that everyone
tre's offended. ffolkes is more
ut his feelings. ffolkes also isn't a wrseass
ﬁact he has no sense of humor at all like
A ﬁt people with no sense of humor. he's ac-
lly funny if you stop to think about ti
3 ' ore pulls it off well. and l was irripiessed
‘ he film's biggest problem is that 'fiolkes is
screen too much in the early part of the
IIic. where the film spends much of its time
eloptng the hijackers who aren't all that in
estlng. The hijackers are predominantly
crican. and the writer is British. and the
ult Is a lot of dialogue written in cliches.

   
      
 
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
    

a con
the

Q

honest

thony Perkins gets some genuinely bad
"Welcome to our little Clambake. Ail
al." for example.)

nce past this, director Andrew V.
Laglen builds up a lot of suspense to make
or lost time. The last half hour of the film is
y good moviemaklug in the old-fashioned
dition of pltttiig the hero against the clock.
re's a bomb involved of course — would
u have it any other way?)

' interestingly. McLagien is bestknown as an
‘ ion director. whose last couple of films have
‘ en macho epics like The Last l-frrrd Men and
' L' Wild Geese. Hts films are usually rated R
d are bloody as hell. [lollies is rated PG.
esn't ,havcmu‘ch. violence. ln.lt.. and what .l

   
     

there is isn't all that explicit. Not until the
climax does he pull out the stops. When he
does it's exciting and well»done. (Tire perfor-
mance of ff0lkes' commandos should really br-
ing out some envy in the Joint Chiefs of Staff.)

//ollres also features a good supporting per~
forinance by James Mason. whom l've always
liked. arid top-calibre photography by Tony
lirri. a British cii'iernatographer I've never
heard of. but who's good. l/olkes is a generally
entertaining and well~produced fllnr. whose
faults are easy to overlook (Except for a CUU'
ple of shots done in miniature that look it and
one terrible special effects explosion that look-
ed pitiful. On the other hand. there are some
excellent special effects to balance it out.)

—

This looks to be a strmrrier of action movies
and the like. but if most of them aren't worse
than I/oikes. I doubt too many Iriovie-goers
will complain

Expected on the screen this summer are a
number of westerns. irrclrrdiirg The Mountain
Man. with Charlton Heston; The Long Riders.
which stars David. Keith and Robert Car»
radine. Dennis and Randy Quaid, and James
and Stacey Keach. and Tom Horn. with Steve
McQueen. Burt Reynolds will be seen in
Rough Cut and Smokey and the Bandit fI.
Robert Redford will play a progressive prison
warden iir Brubaker. Clltit Eastwood will con»
tinue his trend of self-parody in Bronco Billy.
And Peter Benchley's latest bestseller. The
Island will hit theatres in Jtrne. just in time to
scare you out of the. water again. with or
without a shark.

Notably. there's a (lihflIlCl shortage of
science fiction coming out. as greedy and iii-
ept producers have milked the genre far more

‘qulckly than l‘d thought possible. 'l‘he'one ma- SUPCI‘GXI’GHSWC
A. .r TIFIIII'III' ‘

 

jor exception is Tire E
opening this month. which is the first in an ex
pected series of Star Wars sequels. Empire
should either revitalize the sagging genre, or it
may kill it entirely. When Dino Delanrentts'

W
dventure, Fun, Sun, And Moore

  

it. ‘ - s
~ 93.: t .
mplre Strikes Back.

Flash Gordon opens at

 

your money's worth.

 

 

Christmas it may find the audience has been
glutled.

By for the two most interesting prejeCts
coming out this summer are Stanley Kubrick's
The Shining based on Stephen King's best-
selling iiovel This iriaiks Jack Nicholson's
overdue return to the big screen Arid Woody
Allen's new filirr. still untitled. should be out
sometime this summer

There should be something for almost
anyone. If not. there's always the drive-ins.
where you can ignore the movie and still get

Anyway. this is the last issue. and hence.
my last piece. in closing. l'd like to thank r: lot
of people w especially the editors. who gave
me this job and the free passes that go with it.
But there are other people. people who aren't
on the ASP staff. to whom I also owe a debt of
gratitude. At the top of that list are all the
podiaters who dldri't tell me what an asshole l
was for not liking Tire Ir'ose. There weren't a
lot of them. but I appreciated those there
were. l'd like to thank a lot of professors who
didn't try to find out how they could get some
free PR for their pet projects. And l'd like to
thank all the theater managers who didn't slain
their doors in my face even after a dozen bad
reviews in a row.

Most of all. to all the SUNYA students and
faculty who just read what I had to say and ap
preclated the fact that what I said was after all.
only one man‘s opinion. it was fun writing for
you. if you enjoyed reading any of it as much
as i enjoyed writlrig it, it was worth it for all of
us.

And if anyone warns to go see a movie after
commencement. there should be a matinee at
me Gino-23466. .  9 ...... . . J

 

 

 

  

 

. . .;,..t

