 
 

 
 

Sound & Vision

October 10, 198i)

 

'ou think you've heard it all? well

listen to this. None other than

Robert Stlgwood has produced a
new movie called Times Square that he says
will do for new wave rock what his Saturday
Ni ht Fever did for disco. Swear to God.

Jim Jaffe

 

 

The only problem is that Feuer was an ac-
curate depictlon of the disco culture It helped
to explode nationally and, while Times
Square may be a huge commercial success,
It is a dismally exploitative and thoroughly in-
accurate portralt of the new wavepunk scene
it is trying to bank on.

“New wave" is used (abused. really) in the
soundtrack music. the supposedly punk-chic
dress, and the kids' general attitude (the
words “punk” or "new wave" are never ac-
tually stated. but the suggestions constantly
made are too obviously aimed at that
reference point to be ignored). Some of the
music is classic new wave (Patti Smith. Talk-
ing Heads), but there is also misplaced pop-
schlock (Robin Gibb); the "punk" dress is
closer to Rocky Horror garb; and the "punk"
attitude is just a typical enactment of cliched
juvenile posing with the “man. l'll be dead by
the time l'm twenty-Ont . so l'm gonna live
now" schtlck.

Take away the punk ethos and
underneath remains a tired view of

~“alienated youth." The, uh. story line ls

roughly of two disillusioned teenage girls
(aged approximately at seventeen or
younger) who escape the suffocation of the
older generation's shield for the carefree
adventure promised in the big city's street
scene, where they learn about life and find
out who they are and raise some Hell and
make a whole lot of trouble (but they never
get caught), until they realize that there is life
beyond being a rowdy brat and they really
can go home again and daddy will forgive
them and they know they'll never be the
same again and this whole thing is so terribly
familiar and roll over Sid Vicious and James
Dean we really miss you and i think l'm gon-
na be sick.

As a fan of new wave l approached Times
Square with high hopes. but i should have
known better. The film is endless exploita-
tion. The best shots come in the opening
moments. where Nicky Marotta (posed by
Robin Johnson) is seen in a New York
alleyway banging and slashing at an electric
guitar, living out her own private fantasy of
rock 'n' roll stardom. The first thing i thought
of was the idea of punk returning to the
original spirit of rock 'n' roll. where anybody
could grab a guitar and just play. because
the objective was to have fun without worry-
ing about technical ability; you know. garage

bands. etc. All of which was just fine. but the
more we see of Nicky. the clearer it becomes
that she is nothing more than a hack poseur
supreme of "punk" etiquette. not to mention
a brat. This eliminates any initial promise.
Next we meet the "straight" kid, Pamela
Pearl (played by Trinl Alvarado), a repress-
ed. "zombie" (as she puts it) of a teenage
girl. Hers is a lace to launch a thousand
sighs. those glossy. watery eyes begging for
release. Her father (Peter Coffleld) Is the
Mayors commissioner, who is'heading a
campaign to clean up the "fifth" of the Times
Square area. Of course he suspects Pam's
Inability to communicate with people is the
result of a mental disorder. so he puts her In
a hospital for some "tests" to see If he‘s right.
in the hospital. Pam meets Nicky. who
wound up there after smashing a car as a
finale to the opening scene. But Nicky's

    

"problem" goes beyond that. Hers was a
miserable childhood. abandoned countless
times by her father. who she describes as be
ing "burnt." Although she fixes up
something of a pad in an abandoned
warehouse on the East River. she is set to
depict, besides a bad imitation of a “punk
rocker." the famed child of the streets. born
and raised on the very concrete on which he
stands. I

Nicky is labeled as having a "thinking
disorder." but the viewpoint we are given
suggests that both girls are just normally
frustrated teenage girls going through the
usual growing pains and. if anything. it's the
doctors and parents who are mentally ill.
The twu find they can relate to each other
and escape from the hospital and spend the
rest of the movie together living on the
streets of New York. ready for any wild and
crazy adventure that comes their way. We
see them doing things like washing car wind-
shields in traffic for spare change. dealing
3-card monte on the sidewalk (which results
in a chase with a cop who they orrtsmari and
escape from). and boogying down 7th Ave.
to the sound of the Talking Heads' “Life Dur-
ing Wartime" (what a waste of a great song);

lumingﬂumaaesoue
New Atmosphere For Growing Green

f a friend approached you recently
! i and told you that Jack Green had
just released his first solo album.

your reaction would probably be “Who is
ack Green?"

Tom Lustik

 

 

 

A singercomposer from Britain. Green
broke into the music business when he joln~
ed the cast of the musical Hair in the late six-
ties Since therr. he's done a hit of rnovlng
from band to band, some of which included
Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow and T. Rex.
Now. Green hopes to find a home in a solo
career. .

Humanesque. Green's new attempt 
success. blends some familiar instrumentals
into a brand of light rock-n-roll that is often
pleasing to the ears. The drum and bass
lines, performed by Mac Poole and fan Ellis
respectively, are simple. These, along with
Green's rhythm guitar and interlaced with
the lead guitars of Andy Dalby and Pete
Tolson, form a mixture of melodies that can
be enjoyed by those who want something

 

other than harsh heavy metal.

The songs. written by Green with help
from L. Adey. contain various themes. The
lyrical ideas, ranging from love to life's
dreams and fantasies. do not produce much
depth or thought,

 

all typically familiar scenes you'd find in
NYC. that reveal only a surface familiarity of
the “anything goes” atmosphere of hectic
New York. 'And there is absolutely no
understanding of the streets’ real tensions
and dangers, especially at night. especially in
Times Square, 42nd St. area. and especially
when two defensele'ss teenage girls virtually
live right out there.

Meanwhile. back at the Establishment,
Commissioner Pearl is worried. sick over his
daughter's "kidnapping" by the "dangerous"
Miss Marotta. it is only from the girl's
messages over the radio that he realizes his
daughter has run away from her
"imprisonment." Their messages are
delivered by their favorite disc-jockey.
Johnny La Guardia, who is played by Tim
Curry of Rocky Horror fame. and who is
sympathetic to the girl's cause. Curry tries to

~

‘~
convey the noble wear and tear that comes
from the brutal demands set forth by rock 'n'
roll and New York City, but only comes off
as a self-righteous wimp.

By now. the not-so-innocent anymore
Pam has gotten a job at a topless bar as a
dancer (with the top on). where Nicky has
started fronting a "punk" band called the
Blondettes (gimme a breakl). singing
tasteless punk-drone reproductions with
chorus' like "l'm a Damned Dog Now“ and
another with the catch-all phrase: “Spick.
Nigger. Faggot. Bum—your daughter is
one." There wasn't even enough sense to
put the girls in one of New York's many
punkhew wave clubs. And to top it all off
Nicky uses the "punk" alias of Aggie Doom.

The two girls become known as the Sleaze
Sisters (oy) and earn the trademark of throw<
ing television sets from rooftops (the real life
punks originally damned. among other
things. the boredom of television—another
subtle punk exploitation). Before long,
however. Pammy begins to feel the thrill of it
wearing off and decides she's not really like
Nicky and goes back to being a normal mid-
dle class schoolgirl who develops acne and
menstruates once a month. As for Nicky

Cuts entitled “So Much" and "Valentina"
are love songs. the former having a
pessimistic theme. “So Much" has
characteristics one can definitely find in a Nils
Lofgrmr song. That is. the lead guitar. played
by Dolby. sounds as if Lofgren wrote and
played the song himself.

Amorous topics from auspice to cynicism
are found in "Babe". "Can't Stand ll". "Bout
That Girl". and “I Call. No Answer". "Babe"
has it new wave sound to it. Green. playing
both bass and rhythm guitars keeps up it beat
it) hop to. “Can't Stand It" emphasizes
vocals by Green. He mixes together two
choruses that intertwine to form an in
teresting sound. although on one part his
screaming tends to annoy. "Bout That Girl"
is evidence of how Jack Green uses his
rhythm guitar to characterize his music. He

‘ emits a steady flow of riffs. creating the major

sound of this album. "1 Call. No Answer" is a
catchy little tune that features the lead guitar
of guest artist Ritchie Blackmore.

"This Is Japan" has a taste of Japanese in-
fluence. This is brought out by the use of the

oak 'l'osquare one

Marotta (a.k.a. Aggie Doom). she somehow
becomes a punk rock “star.” despite the fact
that she Is nothing but a loud-mouthed. inar~
ticulate punk (as in “brat") without a
home—sort of like an impersonation of
Gilda Radner doing an impersonation of
Patti Smith. Her stardom probably says more
about the inarticulatlon of the fans who
Idolize her, more than anything else.

These masqueraders come out to see their
hero in the final scene when Nicky gives a
concert in Times Square. it is the film's most
forced attempt in trying to capture any spirit
in the kids‘ "punk" unity or in trying to
generate any real energy —— hardly a climac-
tic ending. The scene is also the film's most
poorly constructed attempt at depicting any
“punk” culture. Nicky's fans must trove
thought they were all going to a showing of
the Rocky Horror Picture Show because
their ghoulish. celluloid outfits depict that
culture far more than any attire you'd find at
a new wave concert in New York City. This
unintentionally results in the film's funniest
and most ironic moment. as we see Tim
Curry as Johnny La Guardia on a rooftop
eyeing the concert scene through a telescope
and then gazing wordlessly into the camera
as if he's thinking. “weren't they in my other
movie?",r

l love rock's new wave (and good movies.
for that matter) which is why l hate Times
Square. ft is a totally misguided (or rather.
moneyvguided) fabrication of what some
hot-shot Hollywood filmmakers have decid-
ed to turn new wave into: corporate wave.
They exploit and misrepresent every piece of
new wave culture that they can think of. and
i find it impossible to judge this movie while
ignoring these overwhelming facts. Still.
what perhaps ultimately removes any worth
from Times Square is that it takes itself too

damn seriously. and its serious pretensions

take away any sense of fun and——the bottom
line—entertainment (check out the Ramones
in Rock 'n' Roll High School for the real
thing).

if this review has seemed endlessly
negative in tone—and perhaps cruelly
so—it's only because l fear the film's conse-
quences. Were a fallaclous exploitation like
this film to reach mass appeal. it could not
only erode any legitimate respectability new
wave might ever achieve in this country. but
could also take the scene so far away from its
original context, and make its very existence
:) abstract in nature. that the movement
c ruld die out from lack of purpose and plain
cl ection. in other words, contrary to Mr.
St.gwood's under-handed expectations of a
wide-spread. American new wave explosion
resulting from this film's influence. Times
Square could very well mark the beginning
of the end of the new wave.

I hope l'm wrong.

keyboards. However. this song seems silly.
especially with the current trend of
Japanese-flavored songs.

"Life on the Line." a quicker-paced tune.
is represented by the lead guitar of Tolson.
The lyrics express how some people take
chances to live out their dreams. while in the
end they wind up paying the price of what
they sacrificed.

The song with the most feeling musically is
"Thought It Was Easy". The keyboards
create a feeling of calmness and serenity that
you can feel. The lyrics are nothing special
but they do have some depth,

On the whole, f'liln'ranesquc is a fine solo
album by Jack Green. The instrumental in-
fluences of Nils Lofgren and vocnl influences
of Tom Petty blend together in Green to
form melodies that have a character all its
own.

As far as l'm concerned. Jack Green does
have a solo career ahead of film. His music
does convey an atmosphere most of the time
and with a little radio airplay. he may have a
few hits on his hands.

 

 

 

 

 
 

  

 

“a..th.- .M-‘nyr-V-I . mu... t .. ,

» tr [It ', iii. .
Sound- &,wst" 1.. .... t- , c. ,.....- .M v. w . . ‘- vw'.<y-_tra.»1-I .- 

 

 

‘-r: l". -'
"£10,498

 

Jack DeJohnette
Special Edition

written by DeJohnette and John
Coltrane. Coltrane. now dead. was a great
jazz sax player during the late 1950's and his
contributions to this style of music were
numerous.

DeJohnette, a veteran jazz drummer. br-
ings us a progressive jazz sound of the
1980's. His tune.“One for Eric." starts off on
a slow beat but picks up and comes together
in a structured syncopated rhythm. “Zoot
Suite" is a )auy swing type number that in-
tricately puts together sax. bass and clarinet
solos. “Journey to the Twin Planet." the last
DeJohnette tune on the album. goes a bit
further than the other cuts in that it is much
less structured and more creative. lls manic-
tempo is characterized by upbeat solos going
'off in all directions.

at. '

   
 

,.
Jock DeJohnene
"Central Park West" and "India." two
tunes written by John Coltrane. are most
deflnatelywritten in a different era than were

 

 

 

r

   
  

[the DeJohnette numbers. Coltrane gives us

, the jazz sound of the 1950's. While the bass

and drums are the backbones of the cuts.
‘heavy sax and clarinet solos bursting with
.energy are abundant.

The group with Peter Wasscr on bass. Ar-

ithur Blythe on alto sax. David Murray on

'|

 

 

Winona Liv

 

 
    
 

Etenorsax and bass clarinet and l.)e.ltrlriit’tlt'
lon drums and piano. is extremely creater
Theyare an exciting look at what jau can he
inihe 1980's.

Blackwell, Redmon, Hoden,

Cherry
Old and New Dreams

n their new Ll). lid Blackwell.
‘! ’ Dewey Redrnarr. Charlie l'laden

and Don Cherry; unleash a pro-

3 gressive form of jaw coupled with a Sur‘iol

commentary. The album. Old and New
Dreams. combines the talents of these five
established and popular jar]. musicians
"Guinea". written by Don Cherry reveals
he versatility of Charlie Haden on tenor sax
" rid Don Cherry on trumpet. The sax rlllf
rumet solos compliment each other nicely ir’

 at quite the blues, yet not quite

boogie. the Buffalo Chips Band. a
five-man outfit from Woodstock.

 Y defies categorization. But Buffalo Bob.

e band's founding member. offers; a sug-
estlon."‘lt's bloogie music." he says. “and

» uza'nne Gerber

e name of the game lsAo feel good!"

With a hot sound, “halfway between 7.7.

D and George Thorogood's Destroyers".
.-‘. 8 Buffalo Chips will rock Albany this
eekend with their own blend of New York

 

  

 

 

   
   
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
   

. nce music and Chicago based blues. Their
0 night gigs at the Last Chance Saloon on

is of live bloogie music.
But the Buffalo Chips are not just another
al r'n'r group. They're part of an organiza-

n5 Self-Actualize". or CHIPS for short
CHIPS is a newly formed. not-for-profit
moratlon whose main purpose is the

pecial Edition. Jack DeJohiiettes'
5 new album. is a collection of tunes -

entral Avenue in Albany will feature three I

it called "Cltlzmrs Helping lntei’neil l’i'r- ‘.

this upbeat tune that is. by far. the most ex-
citing new piece on the album.

"Orbit of La Ba" featuring Dewey Redrnan
on musette. could best be classified as
"Mideastern" jazz because of its amazing
resemblance to snake charming music. This
cut. while it may be creative. lacks any real
substance. '

Finally. a tiresome social commentary.
"Song for Whales" leaves the listener
Wondering what is going on. A th minute
melancholy sax and trumpet duet that
musically espouses the plight of the whale is
surrounded by six minutes of whale noises It
is possible that even a whale could not ap-
preciate this nurrrber.

Art Ensemble Of Chicago

Full Force
ull Force. by the Art Ensemble of
9- Chicago is an interesting new
album that combines the pro-
gressive sound of ion music today. and the
much more structured iii/1. heavily influenc-
ed by Chicago blues.

The disc opens with an extreiriely unstruc-
tur’ed number. “Magg Zelrna". After tlririy
seconds of noise that gives lltL’ listener the
feeling of anarchy. the ensemble goes into a
heavy disorderly jarn featuring horns and
percussion instruments such as gongs. cow
bells. corrgtrs and wood blocks.

"Charlie M" and "Old TllitL‘ SOlllfiSltlt’
Street Dance" are two first upbeat cuts. The
raunchy sax. backed by the clarinet. gives
the tunes u "B~Bop»ish" tempo "Full
Force". the title track. is more progressive in
that it is heavily unstructured with rim. overv
tones.

It seems that the members of the Art
Ensemble of Chicago like to do their own
:hing. Sometimes it works very wull and
sometimes one wonders whcthur the rlll thin
lit-y are breathing is too thin.

—Andrew Hecht

    
 
   
   

Walt
Steding

rehabilitation of prison inmates,

If the medium is the message. then the
Buffalo Chips have the right idea Buffalo
Bob and his colleague. Tara McCarthy. the
officers and Cir-founders of the corporation.
feel that through their music they can lead
prisoners toward self-actualizatiou.

Bob. who's seen it from the inside.

 

 

     

Vivobeat
Party in the War Zone

ne of the newer styles being pur-

(! ’ sued by some bands today is one.

which includes synthesized drums

and lead—heavy keyboard sound. Two bands

that are successful in this trend are Orchestral

Manouevres. the epitome of the style. and

the Hunran League. which Is more repetitive
in melody and simpler in lyrics.

An American contender in this sound is
Vivabeat. and on their debut album. they
come close.

Musically the band is very palatable. with
good syn-drumming by Doug Orilio. and iii-
teresting switching lead-to-background
keyboards and synthesizers supplied by
Marina del Ray and Consuelo de Silva.
which keeps the listener's attention. The
weak point of Vivabeat is in the lyrics. which
are sung by Terrance Robay. Sometimes a
Brian Ferry-clone. other times a male-

.5'

  

the lyrics by seemingly trying to cut through
the band instead of going with them.

Alec Murphy delivers a good llierSll‘itltlL’tl
guitar solo in "l Know Your Room".

"Wild World" and "To The Heart" are two
strong cuts off this strong effort.

Walter Steding
Walter Steding

fer a high tide of sameness,
something very (llfft‘ii’lll has
fltitllL’d out of the new wave

Walter Sterling.

Stoding is a violinist, and a good (rlii' On
his debut album. he expose». his varied
musical influences t‘lrrssrt‘alciriiirtry ll)
linnvusqiiu r r as well as trtrrnt'rrtlnris t‘ri'riliyi
iv.

Sitlt’ one of tlnI albuni (orrtturrs the vocal
tunes and two of them rlli' rover songs.
l.ciht'r-Sir'ol|er'< "Hound Dog". WliiClt
features Roler Fripp on guitar. And the
wisk'y's "Shout". with Richard Lloyd on
guitar. succeed as remakes. “Get Ready".
penned by Sterling. is a choice cut on the
album wrth droning vocals and a mechanical
hunt

Side two is all Steding. Backed by his hand
of Jerry Ryan (drums) and Joey l‘inter

(guitar and bass). Steding moves in and out

believus the first step in the rehabilitation pro-
cess is getting an individual to feel good
about himself. From there. he insists, things
can't help but make sense. And Bob feels
one way of making people feel good is
through bloogie music. “i was born in an or»
phanage." confessed Bob. "and I've been
playing the blues ever since."

Iakg xour Biol; . . I I ,g ‘ - _'
ini IleVIewsWaI-Iations In Sound

of classical and experimental rock melodies.
Check out this new genius.

Souixsie andthe Bonshees
Kaleidoscope

his is the Queen of Punk Rock. No
l i AM hits for this lady. with a band

that plays with no holds barred and
a voice that cuts like a laser-beam. Soulxsle's
third album is both typical of her. and is
another new venture into music for her and
the listener.

Souixsie first gained prominence by danc-
ing wildly on stage at Sex Pistols gigs. Later.
signed to a record contract. she returned to
the limelight as a new artist with the career-
stlfling support of England's National Front.

With her band of Budgie on drums, Steve
Severlri on bass. and John McGroch or
Steve Jones on guitar. the album is an in-
telligent mix of fast and slow melodies with
easy and kinetic rhythms.

Still relating to the strife of life. Soulxsie's
subliminated lyrics always hit the head like a
nail.

“Happy i'uuse" should be the big hit on
this album. Also check out "Christine" with
the acoustic background. "Red Light" with
heavy synthesizers. and "Skin" — about the
useless slaughter of animals for coats.
Siouixsie. and the rest of the album. is rated

—— no poseur's.

Black Uhuru
Sinsemilfo

ossihly the hardest reggae band in
93 the world. Black Uhuru has follow-

ed up their incredible debut album
Showcase wrtlr the even better Sinscnrilla.

Reggae bands in the past have been
known to get preachy without having the
melodies to keep you listening. And when
the preaching goes over your head. interest
is lost.

However. this is changing. for reggae is
rapidly becoming popular without losing its
strength. thanks to bands ltk(‘ Black Uhuru

Credit must also be given to the pro
(litters. and drummer and bassist. Sly Dun
bar and Robbin Shakespeare for making this
album a Iriusrt .rl rrrtrsturpn't‘e

Michael Row. l’rirnn Joni-s ninl lli'till'k
Simpson upi'rr lllt’ rilhunr with the fill
"l ltrppinr'ss". fl)llf)\\‘l'fl by n i'rtll for unity
in "World is Africa" Sult- otri- lllt'll i'losi-s
With orrotht'r lr~rt «rm', "'l'lll‘lt‘ is l'rrt'" lonttir
ing Jirrrrny liui‘ki-i on lnnnroriitn

Siilu two highlights Iltt'liltlt‘ iln- llllt‘ cut
with its ltrrrwni on llft' innl "Villllplli'". finitan
ing leail buss by the amazing Slrnkvupturre

Do not (‘1 rinse Uhuru with the light

-‘»/eights Tlll“ group is serious and great.

‘— Ed Pl‘nka

Two successful prison dates have given
the Buffalo Chips encouragement. With luck
more will follow.

The Corporation's ultimate goal is to
become instrumental in establishing music
programs and workshops within the prison
system. But this takes the one thing CHIPS
hasn't got; money. Plans are being made ‘ ,
solicit private funding.

With the two most popular rehabiliation
programs being remedial reading and weight
lifting, Tara emphasized the need for a diver-
sified program that includes the arts. “We
aren't preparing anyone for a career in show
biz." she qulpped. and stressed the impor-
tance of the experience itself,

This weekend's line-up includes Dave
Heinlein and John Erseg on lead guitars.
Gene Oliveri on tenor sax. Lenny Landsman
rounding out on bass. and Buffalo Bob
himself. on drums.

So. if bloogie seems to be your bag. why
not shuffle on down to the Last Chance. tip a

 

 

few cold ones. and pass the Buffalo Chips.

 

 

     

 

 

 

  

 

