 

«.Jt .

Page 40> ' 'r

.‘ The Student Notebook

Aspects

 

 

 

Already l have slept with more men than

aunts combined. This doesn’t come outiat the
holiday table, but It's on my mind as they quiz
me about boyfriends. lam twenty. and l have
no man on the line. There 'are men aplenty.
more than I can count on my fingers. lkeep a
list inthe margins of my calendar. I have a
theory: if I can remember them all -- names.
places. seasons -- then l am not yet pro-
mlscuous.

I have loved them on afghans and bathmats
and the sagging double bed at the Hotel Coll-
Ingwood. I loved them especially in New
York, where all lips taste of Bordeaux and all
eyebrows arch In Invitation. We walk hand in
hand in Soho. waltz on the rolling deck of the
Circle Line. make bare-assed sport In Central
Park. We try lemons and body paint and drib-
bles of honey. Romance is silk-screened on
the metropolis.

I find them everywhere. these peacock
men. At the Rizzoli. where velvet-eyed Euro-
peans In narrow leather shoes line the aisles.
At the Metropolitan. where men serious in the
shadow of Rembrandt become sacriligeous by
the sarcophagi. Al Grant's Tomb. they offer
unearthly delight. at every crossing. pleasures
uripedestrlari. The musician offers me
crescendo and the actor will improvise.
Romeo is a straplianger and Don Juan rides
the Independent line. He has a piercod ear. a
tie tack. he's got rrty number.

I miss the whirlwind. all the tvrzards of Oz. l
miss Angelo Anastasiu and his red Ferrari.
"Too loud." I complained. so he sprayed it
silver-blue. He loved me for my tennis legs at
the age of seventiér. l loved to wrap them

London allian

 

Dorothy Gale frorri Kansas; ma'arn travelled
to the other side of the rainbow and all lIlL' way
back again to find out there's no place like
home. Singers Used to perform a little ditty
about going around the World to ftiid the girl
next door.

I can't get away from Attri'tiraris.

l see them everywhere Mitch the Long
Island nativr' who works at lllt‘ local pub is
here studying With a sor‘rr'r tr'arri Nlllt‘fi't'll
students from Tufts arr! lrt'ic frn lllt’lt second
semester studying I:||<}IINII lilt'irtltitt‘ Arrrl l
keep bumping rrito people llt'lt' on titti' SUNY
program or another

The fellow who raw rrrt' directions to a
recording stirdio the other day was an
American. The corrva who asked me (ltrvr

Ribbons of Euphoria

Alan's everlasting summer came to an
abrupt end when he threw away Miss August
in favor of Miss September. replaced his tennis
sneakers with black shoes that tied and his
gym shorts and My Father's Place T~sliirts with
Van HCIJSQII'S. vests and trousers.

Yes. it was all over and Alan knew that this
season was not going to be like arty other he
had lived through. There would be no more
drop-add paranoia. no more Albany Indian
summers that would titrii to winter freeze all
too soon. and no more rock'n'roll at liPl.

It was Monday morning --» the (late circled
in red just beneath Miss September's right one
—- and Alan was having a hard time rolling out
of bed; what twenty-two years were supposed
to have been preparation for was about to
begin. " it' or so they said but the boy in
the torn pajamas was meeting the morning
with measured resistance. Like a dream in a
madefor-TV movie. with blurred edges and

2
v.

 

sitar music. Alan recalled w in an effort to
postpone the urrpostponealile ~ some of the
landmarks on that torn roadmap he called his
life.

He remembered the vision be had the first
tirrie he saw the Grateful Dead in concert; it
was like a message from God; certainly It was.
more than just a chemical reaction to
substances innocently Ingested. Other people
might be simply sinned or scditte‘ty
psychedelic. but Alan was tuned in to that
mystical quality. that can'lr .quite-

ot- a- finger- ori- it element that
permeated the. air like a mantra transforming a
guru. Alan sensed there was something
special about that man. that group, that music,
Yet. it went far beyond any one of those

 

 

my mother. my grandmother. and all my.“    A

“0‘ Every

"I'OIII,

0

Harry

Conchita Rodriquez and Shirley Beans

 

round his soccer-player ass.

In Albany, my head droops and I am out of
love. There are no bookstores with browsing
benches autographed editions. and clerks In
Harris tweed who flash flirtatious eyes over
wire rims and recommend Sentimental Educa-
tlorrs and Liasions Dangereuses. My crushes
are on men I meet at the laundromat, men
with infant sons. with greenhorn coats._wlth
Cling Free in their dryers and on their hearts.

[I was in aisle 6. frozen foods in most. birt
this was Shoprile, “Glazed yams." he said.
"Ever had 'eni'r'" I was in love. I looked down
into this fact" (he was kneeling. contemplating
a (7‘) cent rice ptlaf.special). its brown cow
eyes. its Mark O'Brien beard. Mark O'Brien is
a bio-chemist front Saugerties. NY. "Yes." I
said. feeling rather witty.

I saw hint on a Wellington. I saw him in the
rat drinking apple‘crarrberry juice. I offered to
light liis cigarette, "I don't smoke." he said.

tions III the Tube were American The recep-
tionist Willi wlrorrt I've gotten friendly at Stiff
records is front San Francisco

()ut supi'rittarket is Safeway My typewriter
is a Smith Corona My eyes are green. on:
Ford's the big car Miit‘ljlnlilhl'h is the fastest
growing food concern. And all the kids watrt
gr-nitrrir- Ann-titan sIVlt' pizza

The media sirrr' isn't tininiritr' It took me
lllll'l' tit-ck» to we. when l itrtlkerl by a tc'li'vr
siort. sontr'tlririg Iliat originated in liitglrtiid
I.ou (Itaitt. liyescltr'id. Barnaby Jones. etc
etc And oh. lliiisr' tritibartassittg political ex
poses. lilnirl' Ambition. washing out
Watergate laundry in front of all those
foreigners. yet. for five nights iii (l tow'
Broderick Crawford as or ray FBI lunatic iit

Alan’s Everlasting

things: it was the totality of the experience. the
gestalt, Alan had a hard llltlL‘ explaining the
[feeling but then. that was a perennial problem.
Understanding was one thing. groltkirig cruite
another
Recalling that experience made Iririr feel
warm all over. so warm that be mentally un—
dressed and slipped into bed next to Gabriella.
He wanted to tiiirik about the first time he saw
her: how that day she became the love of his
life. his Beatrice. or so it seemed to the flat-
footerl Romantic; how he loved her and wor-
shipped her; and how. in that magical.
mythical moment when she was within his:
reach. he lost her by lryirrg too hard to control
her. He didn't want to think about it anymore.
He tried to control his thoughts biit they
were like a thousand tiny plnlirtlls racing back
and forth at the speed of light There was his
own band -— the Raw Potatoes who. after
two years of practicing In dorm lounges by
night only to get called before .l board by day.
became an overnight success playing at
Mayfest. daytrippirig to Saratoga. and
weekend tripping to Boston. NYC. or
elsewhere forged an irrevor able imprint on his
mind's thumb Great dinners in better corti~
party. a whole arraon llppt‘t' level math and
science courses and poern~ that didn't rhyme;
“H5 and plays the critics don't bother to
.vlew; rapid multiplication indicating total
tonsiiniption of over 80 kegs of beer ~ cltttr~
nlrig nausea  even the Yankees aren't Worth
that. avani garrle jazz in lofts and captivating
Iiglil shows performed with only two sticks of
Incense . . . (sheer genius!)
The reverie came to an abrupt end when
the alarm clock sounded out seven a.nr.'.’l —--

“Mind if I sit here. though Garcia Marquez is
quite good company. l'm sure?" He smiled
and l was overcome with an intense desire to
floss his teeth. Plaque and crannies.

I put some mustard In my chili and said
nothing. ‘

His name was Thomas. I liked him because
he said he had been with Brazilians. I wanted
to sleep with Irinr because he got up every 6
AM. jogged three miles and didn't get high.
He lislcncdto Noel Pointer and Dolly I’arton, I
wanted to sleep with lirnr because he liked
Dolly Patton sans cliest

He will never go for it. I thought. not on

applecranberry. anyway, He is the Iypetliat if ,

you tell him you lust after his body. he'll walk
you home and leave you there

"How come I never see you around?" I ask
ed.

“Because. Consuelo. I don't go here."

"Conchita." I said.

A' face. What cart this face tell me? "I have
ito go to the bunyo," it said.

His eyes really do twinkle. So this is the glint

that J. Edgar Hoover movie. Radio commer-
cials often feature American announcers Arid
Capital Radio (the one commercial. Top Forty
station) will have a feature this Sunday on the
marvels of Arriericari AM and FM radio.

ldoir't rnittd telling you it was getting to the
point where I wondered if I should meet any
Englishmen at all

Brit they don't take it all the way. Sure. our
neighbors make fun of our American accents.
Everyone. but everyone you meet in a pub
asks you what your opinion is on the Iranian
situation. and tells you their opinion of Carter
and Kennedy. Birt they fall down on the key
Arriericanisnis:

You can't buy a gallon of ritilk. Okay. you
can get four quarts. I suppose (either in bottles

Sueﬁmdxs
Summer

and Alan perfurictorily silenced it with a quick
right. Like a somnambulist. his body found its
way to the bathroom. heeded nature's call and

. unconsciously reached for the T-shirt and gym
shorts lying in a heap on the chair next to the
bed.

F A late To The

Dear ILL Rhetoric.

grandma's supposed to have. i Hls skin
mellilluous; soft like good velour. I wanted to
touch it. His scent like the garlic rolls In Fra
Diavolo. Old Spice and English Leather. With
a salt water ngn I said “I'd like to cook you
some mussels - over llngulnl - with a twist of
lemon. Tomaz." I'd like to think you spelled it
with a 2. no H. I'd like to think you’are a
foreigner. and that llnguinf and lemon taste
good together. Pretend Tomaz. as I will pre-
tend to be Anais Nin. a spy in your house of
love. What are you doing in my rat then.
Tomaz. reading One Hundred Years of
Solitude when the lighting is so bad?

"I was. how you say? chancing an eti-
counter with a beautiful. sensuous female like
you. Constance." he said In his best Flauber~
tian Rudolphe.

“Conchita.” i said.

In the AM. Brunch. New York Times
strewn across a king size gel bed. Beignet's.
black coffee. brie. Benedicts and Marys.
Blueberry rnufflns. lush strawberries. plenty of
orange marmalade and H‘aagen Daaz vanilla

I wanted Tomaz. not this Tom who I drank
with. ate (juaaludes with. wound up in bed
with

His breath was bad in the morning. There
were scratch marks- on his back and I didn't
make them. My head spun. Don't come back
to bed.

He comes out of the can. I mix the instant;
coffee. lie wants the last blueberry muffin I'
don't want to give it to him; we've shared
enough.

Ri h rd Schenkman

 

or in strange cardboard boxes you have to cut
Open with a scissor and they still don't have
airy decent pouring spout). but not a gallon
container. Yoii see. there is no such thing as
the Large Economy Size. No box of cookies
contains more than If) to 17 ounces. Large
jars of peanut butter and jelly are nowhere to
lll‘ seen Cartons of six eggs are the rule.
dozen size crates are rare

Hey. I'm proud to he an American Some
of my best friends are American. really But
I'm in lingland. and I expect some real. trite.
intrinsic differences Iguess what really worries
me is this idea that all the cities of the world are
becoming alike in their ctisirropolitanness All
the same brand names. All the same
iriagazines The same languages (even wrili
my clearly American accent I have been asked
what part of Britain I am from). So I want dif
ferences. but l'rri afraid to leave home (‘otir
pleter behind. At the same time I'm bitching
about MacDonald's and Plzzaland. I'm corn
plaining about the time the pubs shut down
and the lack of a decent size bottle of orange
juice I don't know; they say the more you
travel. the more you find out one thing:
There's no place like home. there's no place
like home. there's no place . . .0 '

Underground

 

 

Irii glad you burned the flag. For you. it represented a hollow symbol. the antithesis of er’l
tliorrgliI.You argued your points wcll and.iu gCIlCl'ul.pi‘tti’ldctllltt' Universin Community will

 

an insightful look into the blindness of nationalism and etlino»cr'ritrism.

Until the last few paragraphs.

Then. you blew it. '

BURN IHI; I'LAG Burn it today. you proclaim art order. Rather than rallying around it.
mm It. By saying this. you indoctrinate others with your own values. You don't say “you have
be free willto burn the flag if you pleasr‘." you say."liurn the Flag." thus. you take away Illt’
reedom of the very people you attempt to save. If all people burn the flag. that act becorirr's it
symbol. How is this different than the waving of a flag. or
hiding behind one?

Perhaps there shouldn't be flags l'erliaps there
shouldn't be governments. l’eoplr' Would probably get
along much better if there weren't governments To krto
a Russian Is to love one. They i|l" a H .rzirt people.

llut when you argue freedom tllltl the I‘li'ltlttl‘SS of sym
bolisnt. don't fight it with mass vtllll nynﬁw iii-an under the
guise of sight and intelligence 'I'oo rr..rny "freedom
fighters" on this globe oppress llt'i'tlrtlll once flit") it'll“
power.

 

, . YUU III‘W 1‘ “£th to burn the flr’tt | .r to a rir lit to birrii
7h" ""9' rum?!“ I I‘M“ ill“ righltlhiti'llell me I have to burn it If enough [i‘tﬂk‘lu‘llalt‘ll "'Wr‘ have a
rrovemerrt. Ilierr we have anti-nationalistic nationalism. Then we have ilgrq war/rm. and flag
iurners. each listening to their own propaganda and llt’llL'UIltt 1i i" r  M '

But do we really liaVe free thought? ' J N y” H" "

 

Sincr'rcly.

 

 

F. ()hservcr

L

 

mm___

Aspects

 

 

 

Not Bluffing

Mike Corso always wanted to be an
astronaut. But the 18-year-old freshman
knows his dream will never come true, Mike

llnd.

Mark 'Fishchetti

Mike was born in Brooklyn on JW
1961. with a disease called retinoschlsis. in
which the retina of the eye gradually breaks
up. Coat's disease. which forms scar tissue
over the retina. then developed. Mike‘s vision
got worse. and in 1973. on his 12th birthday.
he went blind.

"Even at that point I never went to any
special schools." Mike recalled in a casual iri-
terview this past Monday

“I went to a public high school  Grover

 

lth Seeing

it my best shot. I can do things just as well as
the next guy. If I can't l'll work on it until I can.

"I just want to be accepted as a friend. not
as the poor guy. “the blind guy'. I can't stand
people giving me sympathy: I hate it."

Dressed neatly in blue leans and a white
sweater. which complemented his dark hair
and mediurrt build. Mike spoke confidently
and clearly as he sat down on his bed,

His room is typical of thc American college
student. furnished with a phone. a
refrigerator. a messy closet. a few wlrre bottles.
and a'Marantz stereo. What started as an In-
terview turned into a friendly conversation as
we talked about life here at Albany State.

“I think Albany is a really good school. I also
think it is underrated. because it is a state
school. and is therefore not recognized like.

Cleveland H 5. in Brooklyn. The orin special say. the Ivy League schools are "
aids I had IltL'rL‘ WL'W braille books-u Mike lives in Van Rensselaer hall on Dutch
Mike I“ glad itt’ Lilli ll liit’ "hard way " Hi3 Quad. and has a varied curriculum which iri-
lla‘i "WU! Pill“Ll II'IIN‘II and IS BHHUVWI IN cludes biology. political science. rhetoric and
people who feel sorry for hitll. communication. and psychology And yes be
“How do you cope with ll')" is a question trio hates calculus " ' '
Mike is often asked. and also one which he “i always wanted to lie'a lot of things." hu
hates. I explained. "but all those thtrtgs I wanted to be.
“I dont ‘cope' tvrtli anything." he pointed because l'm blrrid.l can‘t be anymore
out as I followed liirri into his bedroom "It's rt "I drm‘t know. .rc j." .p. a mm” 9095. what]
matter of how I look at things. want to do Tltol's why l'm here "
l'it’ L'XPliIIIIL‘LI. “l'm L’IIIWT lilting 1” IIVL‘ 0i Because he was once able to see. Mike now
tlltf. liithet' l'm going to live like everyong else. uses his memory and imagination to perceive
or l'ril QUIII‘J I“ ‘II "I '“v Itimw I” a hill“ dllil the tlirrrgs around ltirri He remembers colors.
disintegrate. , shades. arid what things look like. He
"I've dectded that l'rrr going to live and give "watches" TV like anyone else but‘ listens

 

You are walking past Indian Quad on a Saturday afternoon. noticing a small group ofcliildren

playing football with a group of SUNYA students. When you reach the gym. you see a similar
group swimming in the pool and another upstairs in the wrestling room. Later on. as you breeze
through the rumpus center cafeteria. a corrglorneration of these cltildreri and students are mun-
citing on milk and cookies. What you have run across in your travels is the SUNYA Big Brother»
Big Sister Program. one of the co-beneficiaries of this year's 'I'elethorr proceeds
This group was formed in February of 197‘) by a small groirp Iii undergraduates and myself. a
clinical psychology graduate student. The prograrri is a unique. alternative conception of a Big
Brother-Big Sister relationship. since it is based on a group rather than a UllU‘lO’illlL‘ system. A
siiniliar Program exists at SUNY Blnghamton. which I was invoIVed with there as an
undergraduate.
Our children are referred to us from Albany Big Brother-Big Sister. the local branch of the tra-
tionol organization The kids range in age front 0 to If). They are divided up by age trrto one of
six groups. finch smaller group contains approximately eight youngsters and six college
students. For each group there is also one undergraduate who serves as the group coordinator.
The children ll]UlllSi’l\’US come from various backgrounds. front rriidrlle class to ghetto areas.
and it majority comr- frorrt single-parent households, What amazes us the most is the resillrenci'
of these youngsters. many of them have lived through experiences in their short lifetimes that
rrrarry us Will never lth‘ tlrroirgli. yet they always seem to (‘thnt' tliroirglt with shining colors.

' (try Saturday at ll'flfl a.m, we board the special SUNY bus that transports its arouan the
city. stopping at Ir'tt central locations. At the stops we see a bunch of eager faces. attached to
sortielinies shivr'ring bodies. waiting to climb on the bus that transports them to a real college
:antpus, On the way there. songs are sung. and discussions about the past week evolve

Finallv We arrive at Indian Quad. The six groups separate and engage irt their daily activity. In:
tswininring. bowling. Irikirtg. sleiglrriding. baking. arts and crafts. or playing ball. Occassionally

e will have special events or trips planned. such as roller skating. excursions to the South Mall.
ir‘ parties, This particular Saturday will be very special as our t‘ltllilli’li j)rtilit‘lprtlt‘ III the Telethon
Children's hour along wttli the children from Wildwoorl.

Many close relationships have formed between us and the kids Some of |I- an: having a child
leep over for a night in thc.dorms or in our aparlrrierits. In fact. It Will be a ivonder to us if they

Hustn’ts

 

 

 

 

ﬁns Brother Is Watching]7

/ Feature

And BelieVI'nS

and Imagines what others see.

“I love to watch sports, especially football,

baseball. and hockey." he said. "Because l'm
blind I c'an't play many sports. but l_do go
bowling a lot."
, He also canoes. rides horses. hikes’and Ice
skates. Camping. too. Is a favorite activity.
Mike Is a Boy Scout master back home in East
Rockaway. Long Island.

Mike has gone cross-country skiing, and
would like to try downhill.

Being highly active somefimes creates trou-
ble for Mike. It's hard for him to get around.

Recently. however. his mobility problem
was diminished thanks to Andy. Mike's overtly
friendly guide dog. who Is probably more of a
celebrity on campus than Mike ls. '

"I came home with Andy on April 5. 1979.
after a month of dog training school." he
recalled as Andy. who must have known he
was being talked about. trotted over to us. The
training was tough. very mentally and
physically fatigueing."

Mike was part of a class consisting of people
of all ages front across the country.

"When I first came to Albany I had a lot of
problerris with Andy. All the people here got
him confused. and he made many mistakes."
Mike said. scratching Andy as he dutifully sat
beside him.

A trainer. who came itp to help out.
tlioirglrt that Andy. a White Labrodot
Retriever. might have to be taken away.

“But I walked Arrrly fotir miles a day for
sevr-n days straight." Mike explained "I made

me And you know. he doesn't even know
what he's worth."

Mike. an ardent music fan who "can listen
to most anything" but dislikes disco and hates

 

L

Saturday

W actually sleep; we are theories who are drained and exhausted after three. and a half hours each
There are numerous advantages to a groitp program such as this. Our kids are learning how to

him work and he got better.He's invaluable to “mid kWI) 5011‘“ Il‘WSL‘S- I W51“ 10 have

 

Page 50

opera. also loves to travel. Now. with Andy,
there's no stopping him.

Last spring he flew to California by himself,
staying for a month to visit friends, some from
the dog training school. Over the summer he
spent time in Syracuse.

Olympic fever hit Mike too, and he talkedl
enthusiastically of his exciting experiences In

Lake Placid at the gold medal hockey between .

the U.S. and Finland.

Mike described people's reactions to him a
varied. and sometimes extreme.

“There are always going to be people who
give me sympathy. There are those who Ig-
nore me because they are afraid of me. and
others who don't want to be bothered becau e
they think l have a dISease or something.

“Then there are those who look at me as
just a person; which are the kind that I like.

“But they're hard to find." he added.

Like all of us. Mike has his problems. Par-
ticularly vexing are his relationships with girls.

“Girlfriends. for me. are hard." he said. “I
never had much money to go out or to buy
things. and lcari't do half the things girls like to
do anyway. Because I'm blind. they can't hatr-
dle going out with me. They don't know what
to do."

Of course. there are times when Mike is
resentful. He becomes frustrated. depressed.
Brit on the whole he is optimistic, especially
about the future,

“I want to be successful. I want to be happy
with what i do. I'll like my life to be comfor-
table. to own a big house and land where I

 

things. because I like to use things.

"I don't know how I'll get there. but
hopefully. through my college education. I'll
make it.".

 

 

 

 

 

 

Listen to the MUSTN'TS, child.
Listen to the DON'TS

Listen to the SHOULDN’TS

The IMPOSSIBLES, the WON’TS
Listen to‘ the NEVER HAVES
Then listen close to me -
Anything can happen. child,
ANYTHING can be.

Listen To The

 

get along with their peers as well as with us. They cart come eyei‘y week that the program
operates. without having to rely on only one person who might have to go away for a weekend.
They receive plenty of attention. but also learn how to better share attention. Plus. with the de-
mand for Big Sisters and Brothers being so great. we Iiave been able to service a substantial por»
tion of the Albany Chapter's waiting list (we have about 50 children at present)

‘ Last year We were funded solely by the 5 A. The very kind people at Arnold's Bakery and also
Freilioffer's. helped us out too at times But this year. with rising bus costs and bigger activities
planned. we approached the Telethon people. who warmly received its and offered a percen»
rage of their total earnings to our Program Their additional support has enabled us to continue
serving our youngsters in the very best way we cart. and we all are very tliarrkfril to botli 5A and
the Telethon organizers.

We have watched these children grow. watched them gain self-confidence while being sup-
portive of others; watched them cope with good times and bad. l'lopefully we have had some
beneficial irripact on their lives. even in some small way. Certainly they have opened tip our eyes
to worlds we had never really seen before. The flirt and the learning has been. and continues to
be. a reciprocal process. one that may Liltiiiiately mean as much to us as any classes or any ex-
periences we have at SUNY Albany.

Now that you know a little bit about the SUNYA Big BrotherBig Sister Program. I would like
lo conclude this article by relating an incident that transpired last Saturday on the bits: Lamont.
who Is 7 years old. sat on riiy lap and explained his relationship to two of oitr other kids. Yvette
and «lay.

“They're my sister and brother. because they're older than me."

“Because they're older than you?" I replied. “I'm older than you. and l'm not your brother.
am I?"

“Yeah.” he said. “You're my Big Brotherl"

It Is truly Incredible how one tiny jewel from a child's mouth can make your whole day. l sup

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I

  \pose that Is why they are.defined as gifts of love. 0 _  

........1-ir............-.‘.,..........,............. . . . . . . , .. ----'

 

