 

 

 

 

-. tA ..

 
   
 
 

 

Edge ‘9 .

The Back Page

 

 

 

Poem
for a
friend

Rambling soul that -

he is

Half-mad vocal and

proud

His shadow

prevalent

Hubert is the way

my sister

Likes her coffee
Black and bitter

A Comic Book Christmas

 

Continued from page 7a.
Malta. where the 'town of Sweethaven was
completely recreated. A cast of sixty-three
was assembled to play the townspeople. in-
cluding the familiar characters of Bluto and
Wlmpy. The film was done as a musical with
original numbers by Harry Nilsson. Director
of photography was Giuseppe Rotunno,
Academy Award nominee last year for All
That Jazz. _

   
 
   

‘ . I

And he does eat spinach and lte does sing
“l‘m Popeye the Sailor Mart."

No firm information is available for
January releases. The hit Raging Bull.
while currently playing in New York. isn't ex-
pected until February in the Capital District.
Heaven's Gate, Michael Cimlrto's
megabttdget Western which was originally
expected to be a Christmas release. has been
withdrawn by the distributors'for re-edlttttg,
and also isn't expected until February or
later.

For the less commercially inclined, film-
viewtng opportunites of a rare nature exist ltt
botlt the Capital District and Nate York City
during the terrtt break, The iimpire State

six day festival of films by Japanese director
Akira Kurosawa. including Seven Samurai.
Rashomon, Yoiimbo. and The Men Who
Tread on the Tiger's Tali from December
twenty-sixth through December thirtieth.
Call the Egg for exact showtimes and dates.
in New York next month and even rarer
opportunity exists to see Abel Gance's
historic 1927 film Napoleon: which hasn‘t
been seen In Its original five hour form for
fifty-three years. Film historian Kevin
Brownlow has reconstructed the almost-lost
film in its entlrity. attd in a facsimile of the
“Tryptych” three screen projection process is
was originally shown in. The New York
screening is being backed by Francis Cop—
ola.

The whole point of the Christmas blitz is to
make money, Which means you have to
spend money. The average Hollywuod
feature costs ten million dollars to make. To
break even, it has to gross approximately
twice that. (not all the money that goes over
the box office counter goes to the pro-
ducers). Make no mistake: it's war. Movies
are put into theaters by conglomerates for
whom the whole thing is a business proposi-
tion. You entertainment is decided by
popular trends. Popular trends“ are decided
by committee.

The Cltrlstrrtas specials. records. and
plastic decorations are much tlte same It's
the holidays. You're supposed to spend
money. Attd everyone wants their cut. from
l‘lollywood to Rottco to the Red (Truss.

L 12.19.10] ,

 

 

  
  
   

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
 

  

HIMTDCAKR
wow vL‘f-c

@lluﬁﬂh .

 

 

, (j‘
u

 

AFOXY cnrcr< IN Frzonr

OF ME .A DRINKtN MY

HAND-THERE SEEM

TO BE VERY FEM

‘jiALTERNArtVEs.
c f: "

CATCH THlS PASS,
BABY I

    
 
  

/,——

FLEA Com/t K
BUT GOOD.

 

 

 

 

 

ff

    
     
     
 

my IT ammo
l'LL iANK Your:

   
 
 

r'u. HAVE TDSTART
WORK ON THOSE
ALTERNATIVES.

 

 

 

 

BOb O’Brian Plaza's Egg Cinema will be sponsoring a Merry Christmas. 0
. THIS WEEK -- by Elise Newman
_ Movies
Hickman] Cine 1-6
' I \ 1 Close Encounters o/tirtl Third Kind 8: Slur
BE EVER ALERT. MERRY XMAS, THATS FIVE POINT-S. vl-Wk
LrJE'RE Pasere PROFESSOR. OFF YOUR FtNALLﬁADE, 2 5,... (3mm
PROFESSOR Pre‘s BROhiNOSER: 1i l’opr'ye
OFFICE . 4 Ordinary People
- » '_'_ 5 Tire l-flepiurnr Mun
A 4'. * a. 0 it's My 'I‘urn
. ————— Cine 5 Colonic l 8: 2
C r 1 Rit‘iirti'ti i’rt'or
-—— u @RBHMHAU 2 Wurrt'ers X: Up In Smoke
Cine 7
ACTUNLY SHE'5 SOMETHlNG SAY, l DlDN‘T KNOW CANNES ARE Prltmie Benjamin
OF A REAL WW,BU\' YOU OWNEDA DOG.  T's
I‘D KE lF SH€ OFFERED. We“ " " Madison
c TA: / GCOOYOU Winn“- Fourt-
Bwé

UA Center 1 8L 2

iiurrtusio

On Campus
Cruising (7:30 & 10:00) LC lbl
"usic

Hulla-Baloo E

December
12. 13 Buffalo Blues Brother‘s Band
20 Vapors
J.B. Scoﬂa

December
12 The [huts
13 Carlene (Enter
15 Joint JL'll
ltt lilvin Bisht ip
17 rillll Carroll

 

 

 

t~ ‘.-..t‘. .t l‘i.Ifr it 'tli
ll ltlntht» kilt'l‘f

1t ‘iltrﬂlrt‘t - tr"

 

 

 

 

 

 

i iltr‘rht trntriu-r
1‘1 o imitnt 'lt‘ltw
‘ -‘. .rnot rt

 

....x ., 
.

 
 

      

  
 

 

 

r( .J
.4; ._) CD Wriw
'-.\ m-t . r r it to! run nationw-
ACROSS ‘.. _tni ‘ Up to no l. r‘hr' Harri-.5 lit
1 .....,...,v '.t Mimi

“'.rr" it

..mvw December 20th at the Hulla

 

M H WCDB 91-FM
You shouldn't miss a chance
to turn Japanese with The
Vapors at WCDB‘s dance
party. It's next Saturday.

 

 

 

 

1 NM" '1“ ' "7‘ , r I Baloo. Buses can take you
in .. .. V

it, m it I r . ;.|rrt u it there, so you should go.

..‘il"trr " “ti,

()1 dirt ' rt. -.

r"  ‘H‘l‘ ‘ We really think co.
m' 't'r _. n __"__I 7» W “k ’- imam 7k ﬁr

flin' “ ti tilt ,r-

'- [‘Hrlr, ,",-r r in. It “ t v. lrt ‘I H )
.ir'l‘rll‘l ".l. ;.t i r“' it .

i t,lt\t‘.titr:.t.‘rr't . rtwrtti‘ ~. «no, :

Pu wimp or our »l tln ~ .r.r.rr.rnt «or
arm; r ...w. , tartan-w: 1r .» r... town. r.

2“ imrmli. ..ttt rant. r. ‘tm'tu f'tlt‘ '..

ll '.i.t watt r: ..u my: .it'l‘ ‘

JI’ Attor’ tult' ' i‘Wt‘E'itt ‘.‘r -n~.. '-r in

.‘ll riruwrnr, rrirlltrr tttl “all i-‘tv 't r ,lt t‘ r. .r int,

34 hrorn [tort], ...q. ,‘dl‘rr‘ll it t‘wrrnn‘ntr at 'r" .-.

3r. t'iasr. raw. '1 1w hit ..m ,trtlttt-ll‘ni't'

3‘) humid and in. i.‘ r-rvi‘r.' - ".tllulayr-r l.i.|rtl
to Johnny tr) dim trlr'tlr '71. Int-«z .IH.‘

eg ritr-  
v-rs
7‘ mummy-unwritten! ‘ rtci.‘ um). .r..,...',.......rr.t r A

 
  

1.” rim  .

 

 

t

 

r

......u W‘s—9...... -..... w
, ,

 
 
    

editorial

Please Be You *'

*in a letter to Senator Mark Hatfield. Ronald Reagan said that “draft
registration destroys the very values tltat our society is conmtittcd to dct‘cn-
ding." Apparently. America’s youth agt'cc witlt hint: 1.000.000 refuscd to
register this past summer (Boston Globe survey): OR: 250.000 refused
(Selective Service estimate). 100.000 refused to list their Social Security
numbers. 50% may apply as Conscientious objector-s (Selective Service
estimate). .

We support tltc courage of those youttg people who have takctt a stand
against the new registration. and the draft and \ ’ttt' that may follow from it. So
did 54% of the veterans of Vietnam, according to the Harris Poll of last
month. We stand behind all young people who for reasons of conscicncc fch
rhcy tnust refuse to cooperate with titc Selective Service system. We object to
the new “paper draft" as a machinery whose only purposc is to support U.S.
intervention abroad. We applaud the activities of rltc SUNYA Pcacc Project
and other groups of support whosc presence and influence are slowly
spreading.

Since the last draft crtlls stopped. the military ' been able to rely on a
“poverty draft." Citronic uttcmploytttcrtt and stick rccrttitittg techniques ltavc
bccrt forcirtg 400.000 a year to "volunteer." The military doesn‘t treat them
well enough to keep them. 75% full to rc-cttlist. many go AWOl. crtclt day.
The current i'orcc. drawn from the ranks of workittg pcoplc. unemployed
youth anti minorities is underpaid — mid tltcy‘t'c fed up.

To capture conscietttous rcsistcrs, Sclcctivc Service and the Pentagon have
begun a campaign of harassment (scc Zodirtc News). They talk about searching
drivct's liccnscs. school records, and cvcrt changing the Privacy Act so as to
look tltrouglt Social Security and lRS lav files for rtll tltc missing names. This is
only tltc beginning.

Thcrc is rto purpose for registration mtd a tll‘tlfl c\ccpt to make intcr\ctt-
tiottist wars possible abroad. 'l'ltosc wlto li\cd through tltc horror of Viclrtttttt
and tire abuses of tltc lust drul't know the lltlttl choices rrltcrtd for orrt gcrtcrtt-
tiort. These choices lust titttc split it tttrtiort. ‘lttilt‘tl thousands. scttt hundreds of
thousands into exile or underground, scpzutut'd frunilics. and ruined livcs.
'l'hcsc choices disrttptcd and destroyed tlrc |\ttt‘ttl\t‘ of at gcuctrttiott.

l-‘or tltc sukc of llttttltllt lil'c. \vc don‘t want to see it again. Attd for the silkc
of the whole human race, we must call at bull to it no“.

Bye

l‘m r‘crrlly gottntt' miss it.

All of it.

livcry spasm of rutgcr rmd futility it triggctcd irt tttc. livcr'y momcttt ol'
tritrrttplt and dcligitt it tcwrtr’dcd me with.
‘ sly irt tltc cycs ther pccrcd out in the colorful dawns of ‘l‘ucsdrtys ruttl

 

 

<

Fridays.
livery L‘l‘lllnlltL‘Ll cxrurtirtrttiott that I somehow rttrutugcd to pull through (2t
mirrtclc) attd cvcry tedious class i felt privileged to attend.
The coffee, the ups, the crushing out on (‘ntnprrs (‘ctttcr' coucltcs and tire
whirling through turmcls on it power cart to dclivcr fresh copies of tltc .AlSI’.

 

The burial of my social life that comes with thejob; the loss of‘contact with
friends I can barely remember now. » . - .

It was wortlt'it — in tenfold! . 

it 'was worth the successes, failures. and aches.

Collcgc can really stink sometimes. It can be like working for a corporation.
You play your role along with the others but. rarely see any deserving results.
Just numbers. Papers with numbers exchange hands here at an alarming rate
as we sift through four years in an absurd process. Everyone’s lost, but out of
fear we insist that we're “on the way.” Which way? -

I needed more. '

Knowledge as industry; the passive multiversityl In our lust for self-
congratularion wc itavc always deluded ourselves as to the quality of American
cdtt 'ation. We have never properly realized how deep is the conflict between
tltc values of tire frcc mind and the values of the marketplace.

AI least I Iried l0. .

To makc ltiglt claims for the life of the mind on a planet devoted to ac-
cumulating money and bombs is either to indulge in a pious hypocrisy or to in-
dicatc to students that it' tltcy arc to become serious intellectuals.'they must be
ready to accept a measure of alienation and even deprivation.

I con/(l Itol. thong/r.

Tltc arcititccts of tire university simply have not solved the problem of how
to build an institution which not only produces knowledge and knowledgeable
people with useful skills. but also cnligbtens and enriches tltc lives of its
students. Why :trcn‘t wc being prepared to serve as the guardians of the na-
tion‘s intellectual honesty. of the world's political health? Why??

It lurr/ to litiltlt‘ iI.
vcd ru SUNYA and was confronted with indifferent advisors. endless
bureaucratic missions. mammoth lcctttrc courses. and a deadening succession
of textbook assignments and exams that tcstcd my grasp of bits and fragments
of knowlcdgc. The entire system was a perversion of an intellectual community
into rt fucking factory designed for the mass processing of youths intt
tttrtcltincs.

So I itfi‘l il.

l left it beforc | crttttc to understand it because i felt sontcthittg. When I join-
ed tltc rtrttks of tire .‘l/iitlifl‘ Sim/err! Press. 1 discovered what I hold to be some
of thc gl‘ctttcsl. Itttrst nniqttc individuals itt this institution. Tltcy miss classes
too. rurd wrucit sum iscs. and sleep on tuttst (‘ctttcr' sofas; tltc obsessive
dcdicutiort turd maul spirit of these I'olk will live irt rtty soul ‘til the gruvc. Matty
of them ltrttc .rlso rcicctcd rt questionable process and supplanted it with it
lrtttgiltlc product ttlt ohscn rtblc cr -atiott — ttlt ASI’. if I sound boastful, it‘s
bccrruxc l tttll. \ou scc. rtc\cr itt my three ycrrrs of siudics ltcrc have I bccrt ask-
cd or taught to trrrly crcrttc. Artd I‘ve learned more itt tr single titty coupcd up
here \\ itlt fellow court rules lllttti l‘vc crrpturcd irt titrcc years of corttpctitiort and
crrtnunirtg.

. l'\c wen tltru Iltc cswltcc of ti happy, healthy. rtttd constructive life and
not id is to work ltttfr‘liit'l', with it diverse group. in rut irttcllcclurtl :tttttospltct‘c.
toward rt tangible. t'ttlltlllttll gotrl.

lltrutk you .-t.\‘/'. front the depths of my whole.

 

 

 

Draft iiggistritioj

| Resisted—You Can Too

'l'

   

1' LE _
brtltlc cry irt rut election yctu. 'l‘ltru‘s wltrrt
Afghanistan rutd turn me all about. i'olili-
clans wlto ilsk for sacrifice to stlvc oil to
protect national security ttl'C driven from of-
ficc. The politicians wlto tlttcrttctt wru.
tempting tl rtrrclcrlr holocaust. for that saute
oil, mc clcctcd by landslides. Ask yourscll
wltow irttcrcsrs will you be fighting for irt
tltc Third World? Are your lrttcrcsts lllt.‘
SillilL‘ as lhrrsc of tire ntrtlrittrrliortrtl cott-
glorrtcrrttcs that exploit cheap labor mtd
resources ovcrscris'.’ Wltcn these companies
movc their factories. it is Alttcricmts who
bccotttc uttcrrtploycd.

liccrutsc registration is not in ortr in-
terests. ttrutrcgisttruiott has bccrt mrtdc ltrtrd

To my fellow students:

”. . . all l ask is that, itt tltc midst of a
trtlrrdcrotts world, we agree to rcflcct on
rtrurdcr' and to rttrtkc a choice. Aftcr that.
we can distinguish those who accept the
consequences of being murderers
tltctttsclvcs or tltc accomplices of
Itturdercrs. and those who refuse to do so
with all their forcc and being. Sittcc this let-
riblc dividing line docs actually exist. it will
be it gain if it is clearly marked."

— ('rurtus

[It just rr few short wccks many of you
will be risked to register your cooperation
with tltc draft. ltt another year or two yott
will be asked to take up at gun or corttpulcr

terminal to kill men. women. rtttd children
Ifittltling. or suspected of fighting. for food.
llldcpcndcrtce. and freedom. The decision
‘0 register or trot may he the most impor-
trtrtt decision you may ever make. l have
reflected on murder ttrrd have decided. like
hundreds of thousands of others. to not
I'L‘gtstct‘.

Registration is so simple; walk down to
the local post office and fill out rt posrcrud.
S” “it-W to forget what you are really doing.
Your registration says to the govcrmttcur.
"Come and get me when yort \vtmt me. Hi
I)“ )‘ttttr slrtvc. i will kill without question."
Whi'" You register. ttot only do yort register
Wily )"0ttr lifc. bttt also your conscience.

 

and registration simple. Nont'cgistrrtttts face
[ossihlc ycrtrs ot' imprisontttcnt. and grrin
nothing except pcrrcc of mind. llut refusal
to register interrupts lltc entire military
ntrtcltittc. Icsxcttittg tltc citrutcc of rt draft or
war. Do not wait until it is too lutc: if it
draft is wrong, resistance must begin now.
if murder is wrong. we must refuse to bc
tltc rtccompliccs of rtturdcrcrs at every step.

i urge you to join me irt resistance to war.
We illL' not ttlouc. Hundreds of thousands
resist. including mrruy rill our own campus.
Many more support us. if you ttccd so-
tttconc to talk to about registration or
rcsistrutcc call me. l \leI he girtd to talk this
over witit you. My phone number is

é

 

Spam-S

Est-bitched In 1916

out] {it c'te’uffLit‘ I’illaill:"'15

Rich Hutu". EditoHn-Clrurr
Huh E. Grubntnn. Mir/urging (Editor

ans Editor
Assoclnln News Editors
ASPocts Editors
AssacttttoASPocls Ertltor
Sound 5 Vision
Creative Arts
Design a Layout
Sports Editor . . ,
Anaclnlu Sparta Editors
Editorial Pngos Editor
Copy Editor: ..

... . . .. ., . ...Sylviasauttders
.. Anrtrow Cairo I. Susan Mrltlgrtn. Bath Storm.
. ,. . . .. fluttEttuialoln. Rortttltt Luvy
. . JoannrrWutrnn
, .. Ed f’ttrkn
. .Suzantto Gc- t
. ..Rortaltt Lovy
, . . . . . .. Bob Bt-l'dltoiu
. Mart; Huttpol. Larry Kuhn
.. ,. , , Steven A. Gutenberg
.Juniu Etsontrarg. Mitchell A. Graubnl

  
 
   

  

   

Stntlwrltors: Aunt- Brits. torn Donttpllo. Palrictn Brnttlny. Robin Brown. Bath Carnrnarnla, Ken Cantor. Mtchrtol
Cannon. Arum Cnvannntt. Lott Cohen, Sharon Colo. Lian Donattmark. HuburtrKnnnuttt Dickny. Jlrrt Dixon. Judlu
Ersuntreru. Mink Frsctuntr. Dtuco For, Maureen George. Frank J. Gll Jr.. Kan Gordon. thtlttuy Gould. Eric Gruhor.
Matthew ttrtrtttrut, Wunrtoll Huttrton, Mtcttnlrt Israul. Jamar: Jalle. Amy Kantor. Larry Kinsman. Nora Kirby. Torn Luattk.
Bruce Levy. Tom Lusttk. Jrunrrs Mrtrkotsts, Wayne Pooraboom. Diarmuld Quinn. Mark Rosslut. Jutt Scitadott. Barbara
Snttrnutur. Ptml Schwartz. Sun Srrtttit. Laurel Solomon, Caroline Summers Zodiac at Pravlaw Editors: Marlo Garbarlno,
September Klmn

Dabble Kept. Business Manager

, , . . . . . . . . . . ..Jrrnet Draltuss
. .Bonnlu Brown. Miriam Rasplor
. . Hayden Carruth
,. Bonniu Stevens

AdvartlalngMnnrtgur , ,
Billing Accountant.

Composition Manager ..
OtiicaCoordlnntnr, . .

    

Salas: Strrvu Gortlcr. ituttort Ktuz Cfllllilld Man-gar: Sopturnbor Kluln Advertising Production Min-gun: Marla
Anne Cotrtvuo. Tummy Goth Advertising Production: Dianna Glﬂcnld, Mtcttelo lurarrl, Susan Knnlan. Mara
MlitltllElSUlliI, Luttrtrr Schwaltttutu. Carolyn Surtgwtck. Krttity Udall Ollch Stall: Wendy Backer. Hndy Broder, Randi
(itnonhntq. Artnnrr Knlluwriz

Hayden Cmruttt, Dun i'talx I'Ioducilan Managers

VarticntCntttnrrt...... .. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .........E|tuanuack

   

Pantnvtrp: Mary Kurrtnnn. tiohto l.tlrit5loltl. Dritt itnyuolos. Carina Shipolotaky. Davu Titantthrtusnr. Typlltl: Carol Bury,
"Dattilltliy lionnrn. Mrtttt- Gannulnu, September Klein, Barbara Nolan, Cathie Ryan. Data Schneider. Laurie Walters.
Citrmttour: Mark Frscituttr

Photography, Suppl/Dd principally by University Photo Service
Cttiat Photograph-r: Bub Lanna/r1

UPS Stall: Dave Ascnur. Aittn Ctr/am. itrrri Chan. Slave Essen. Mitre Farrell, Mark Naiak. Mnrc Hanscnei, Raanna
Kulaitoii. Drtva Mrtcitsarr. Minn Ntrrilor, Srinu Sluirrtalrtp. Tony fassarutti. WliI Yurman

the Albany Strident Press is published every Tuesday and Friday dull/ta the annual yanr by'trra Albany student
Press Corporal/an, an independent Ilai‘fOI'pID/if carpnrutlmr. Editorials um written by the Editar-lrl-Citial.‘ policy is
sub/uni Ia review by the Edi/Olilti Board,

 

 

457-4tl7].

 

 

Do not be taken irt. Wrrr for oil is it timid

 

 

