lthough it happened'long
' ago ,last spring. one‘
woman (who asked to re-'
main nameless) con-
tinues to sleep with a
baseball bat beside her bed. She still
runs home Hreathlessly to her Hudson
Avenue apartment after getting off the
bus late at night. She has repeated
nightmares, but they’re never vivid

I
Sylvra Saunders
enough to positively ident'i-frthe man
who has been named the Pine Hill
Molester.

“i can never exactly remember his
face. but i always remember what hap-
pened." she said.

One weekend last spring. she awoke
at 5 a.m. to find 'an intruder lying nude

 

 

 
  

in her bed. fondling her breasts and
genitals. Site said she can't remember
exactly how she felt. except that sit!
was scared. She pulled the blanket over
her head hm .is if that could make lilli’:
disappear.

“l tried to scream: his hand was over
my mouth. l thought he was going to hit
me." After a few seconds which seerner
to last forever. the Molester qtiickly got
dressed and ran out the same window
he must have sneaked through.

She said it took a while to get the inci
dent out of her mind. it was right before
finals and she had a hard time conceit
hating on her school Work. Her
housemate had to move into lter room
because site couldn't sleep alone
artyrrtr.ir-.. Sometimes when she walked
on the podium. she'd be sure she saw
"him ' coming, Once when she was sit~
ting on a SUNYA bus. she started to
shake all over because the guy across
the aisle resembled the intruder

“l was an absolute bundle of nerves.’
she admitted. “l'd hear every little noise
— evc=r noises that weren't there. l took
my name off my mailbox. i did
everything l could to make myself
anonymous. l got so paranoid from the
incident that l couldn't stand it. I moved
to a second floor apartment and even
when it was locked l would wish l had
bars on the windows. That Would make
me feel safe. One night I went to bed
and my roommate was out. i started
hearing sounds. I was certain someone
was there, My heart was beating so fast
and l was trembling. Then my roomv
mate finally came in and everything was
okay. i thought l'd die till she came in.
Even now — long after the incident ~-- l

v

still get frightened sometimes. I'm just
not the same as i was before. I think of it
all the time —— my whole life was
disrupted . . ."

‘ be above is not an isolated inci-
“ ; dent.

Since May 1979. police say
there have been 53 sexually related Iri-
ctdents reported In the area loosely
defined as the Pine Hills. The modus
operand! (m.o.) of 38 of these incidents
have been similar. according to Albany
detective Lieutenant H. John Damino.
and probably were committed by the
man called the Pine Hills Molester.

The number of incidents, however.
could be higher since statistics show that

   

many sex related crimes go unreported.
he (‘Klllt’ll'

Based on the victim's
descriptions. the Molester IS a light skirt-
l7 l‘) years old. 130-145
pounds and is clean sliaveii. He has a
thin. vet iiirisciiltir build. short afro hair
cut. caticasian like features and a soft.
articulate voice

He is extremely agile (almost cat-
itke). is capable of climbing a 10-foot
water pipe and is able to outsmart a
force of what at times has numbered six-
detectives and undercover
policemen. He is also fast. There have
been‘two reported incidents where men
in the vicinity of the attack attempted to
pursue him. but failed to catch up to
him. 1

He piles cinder blocks, He
meticulously pians his assaults. building
shelters of debris outside houses. then
reportedly lurks within a victim's apart-
ment for up to three hours before he at:
tacks.

He usually enters through an unlock-
ed window during late night or early
morning hours, He says very little to his
victims. who generally awaken to find
him sitting or standing beside the bed.
sexually molesting them. in most of the
cases. the man has sexually molested
the Women by caressing or attempting‘
to caress their genital area or performing
oral sex on them.

in one case the Molester allegedly
entered a woman's room and molested
her while her husband slept beside her
iii the same bed, During the summer. a
21-year old SUNYA graduate student
was molested iii her second story apart—
ment while her three male friends were

illlllit’itillﬁ'

tied black.

lUl’ii

  

sleeping elsewhere in the same building.
The intruder must have known exactly
which room was hers.

Damino said that |f_the intruder does
not run. he puts his hands over the vic-
tim's mouth. According to Damino, the
Molester then reportedly says one of
three things: "l won’t be long." “Don't
move around so much," or “i won't hurt
you."

After the woman screams. Damlno
said the molester usually exits the same
way he got in. He eludes would-be cap-
tors by fleeing tnto heavily wooded
areas. behind Myrtle. Morris and Lao
caster Streets and Madison and Hudson
Avenues.

Police have attempted to find a com-
mon link among victims. but said checks
of weather. time they got home. day of

 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
   

the week, shopping an‘d drinking
places. schools. buses taken and other
possible links have not shown any com-
mon thread. in addition. they have
followed any rumors they hear. For ex-
ample. there was a rumor last semester
concerning the fact that nine out of 50
social welfare students were victims of
the Molester. Damino said police in-
vestigated this thoroughly. but found no
correlation. “it was just a coincidence."
he said.

The department has used both detec-
tives and plain clothesmen for
surveillance. Damtno said. At any one
time during the ongoing investigation.
manpower has been as high as 14 full-
time officers and as little as four. Police
have been able to lift some fingerprints.
but most have been either smiidged or
are only partial prints.

“We have invested more manpower
and time in this case than we ever haw
iii the past." Darnino said. "Still.
though. we have an open case. We
tend to believe it's more than one per
son."

Coverage to date has assumed there
is only one man committing these
crimes, as all cases have been attributed
to “The. Pine Hills Molester". He ltits
most often been described as tr black
man. l‘lowever. a number of victims
have stated unequivocally. both tr.
Albany Women Against Rape (AW/\lti
and to police. that the man who attack
ed them was white. This suggests that
there are at least two men responsible
for the 53 crimes.

Police will inspect houSes and give
free security kits. Daniino said "But
women don't take advantage of this ser
vice. lt's frustrating because we advet
tise the best we can. At a meeting (llit‘r
ing the summer. we told the (itit)
women attending to call us if they
wanted us to check their apartments.

 

 

Unfortunately. though. we only got five
calls."

He added that this is especially uFifor-
tunate because in 90 percent of the
cases. the molester came in through
unlocked or unsafe doors and windows.

Campus Response

in response to the large number of
students attacked (over half of the vic-
tims) a President's Task Force On
Women's Safety was organized last fall
by Vincent O'Leary, Along with comv
munity groups and other groups on
campus. the task force has done work
with the emergency telephone system
recently installed. the student security
patrol. campus and off~campu5 lighting.
and the escort service. The task force
holds monthly meetings to discuss citr-
rent women's safety problems.

in addition. the Off Campus Associa-
tion is working on a proposal for a city
ordinance which Would mandate it fine
of $200 or tip to (it) days in jail for
landlords who fail to have stronger
locks. safer locks and brighter lights for
their tenants' homes.

Elsewhere on campus. self-defense
workshops are offered on every quad
But for some reason. students are not
taking advantage of the class Only
eight women attended the first
workshop this seinvstei. “We're inst not
getting the proper response." said /\r‘-
ting Affirn'iative Action Director (iloria
DeSole.

Night tinte bits
altered since last year due to budget cuts

service has been
and a decrease in the number of bus
drivers. Last year buses after (i put.
stopped iii any downtown corner on it‘
guest. This year they ~itr[> .rt tlt.-sigri.iterl
corners. forcing Women to walk alone
At the latest task meeting.
however. it was decided that there
would be one of two compromises coir
cerning a revised night time schedule. If

lilltt'

N...» “Am .. .. ..,....a.» m.  “.4.”th

We’re Not Going To Take It All

there are two buses, possibly one bus
would stop on request and the other
one would run on schedule. Or. if Plant
Director Dennis Stevens approves it.
night time buses would not run exactly
on schedule and would stop any time
on request. This should be finalized
within two weeks,

SASU Communications Director
Pam Snook said sex related crimes on
campus are common to all SUNY
schools, Currently SASU is working on
a bill for all SUNY campuses to require
minimum safety measures for women.
This. she explained, would call for both
preventative measures and educational
classes. “Women need to know how
they can protect themselves and what to
do if they or a friend rttn into art at»

 

 

 
  

      

 4m    

ymore

tacker." she said. For example. SUNY
at Buffalo offers a course entitled
“Political Dimensions of the Problem:
Rape" which was designed to study the
crime of rape from a woman's perspec-
tive.

At other universities across the coun-
try. Northwestern has spent $140,000
to ligltt up dark areas of its suburban
Chicago campus. and a free campus
taxi service for women has just begun
operating.

A woman-only taxi-service. “The
Woman‘s Transit Authority". is also
transporting students at the University
of Wisconsin at Madison. And at Duke
University iii North Carolina. the cam-
pus security force is using policewomen
at. decoys to apprehend potential rapists
on the campus

   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

Victim Response

But with or without models ftoin
other schools. all the community and
campus organizations and both flit'
F' ‘NYA and Albany Police working on
the case. students are still being attack-
ed. Although this type of molestation
does not yet qualify as rape, some of his
\ictims may be left with the same emo
tional after effects. Vicki Abinader.
Director of the Albany County Rape
Crists Center. said attacks by the
Molester have had the same emotional
effects on victims she has counseled as
rape might. “Certainly the victim
doesn't know if her assailant is going to
succeed in raping her." Ms, Abinader
said. “She certainly has the same fear."

Abinader said “Rape Trauma Syn-
drome" is the acute phase that occurs as
a result of forcible rape or attempted forA
cible rape. in the immediate hours
following the attack. the woman may
experience a wide range of emotions
She mentioned tension headaches and
fatigue. as well as sleeping and eating
pattern disturbances.

Certain women who had been sudv
denly awakened from sleep by the
assailant frequently found that they
would wake each night at the time the
attack had occurred. Abinader added
The victim might even cry or scream in
her sleep.

Others look like they're ctilm‘.
Abinader explained, but are actually iii
a state of shock. "It's a defense
mechanism.” she said. “but they're real-
ly suffering inside."

“in general." she continued. "the fear
thatlthey're going to lose their life is

 

their windows."

   

 

common to all victims. For a long time
they can't trust anyone.”

This crisis level eventually subsides.
she said, in anywhere from a few days
to a month. depending on the victim's
experience and disposition. After that,
they .go through a long-term recovery
phase.

Abinader added that the crisis center
In downtown Albany is open 24 hours
and is free service. She urges any vic-
tims of the Molester who need treat‘
ment or just want to talk. to take the
time to come down. “You can’t keep an
experience like that bottled up inside
you." she said.

Recent Occurrences

Everyone is stumped by the Pine Hill.‘

 
 

 

Molestet (".ase No one knows whether
it's the Work of one man oi many men
No one ltiiotys who the tii'.\l vtr'ttni wtl
be because there is no litillt'lli The tilt"
tltittg llii' victims went to have in tort
mon is that they're young women

Up until this week. police speculated
that since there were no attacks since
August a. perhaps the tiiolester was ar
rested and in tail for another crime or
was a college student who had left or
graduated. These theories. however.
were disproved when the Molestet
made his riiost recent visit Monday mor~
niiig at 2 a.m.

This time the attacker returned to the
home of a woman he molested just two
months before on July 28. Daminc
said. And, as in most previous cases. he
entered through an “open. unlocked
window."

This recent attack sent shock waves
throughout the university and campus
because the. six-week break lulled peo-
ple into a sense of false security. One
t'niversity official who wished to remain
unidentified expressed anger that
nothing had been accomplished concer~
ning the case. “You can bet something
would be done if the molester were
abusing the legislature or grabbing
testicles . . 

Lieutenant Damino. however. said
the department is working as hard as
they cart. “We have to make the
women more aware of safety," he said.
“Maybe it's good that they're scared. it
might make them retiieinber to lock
O

Coll-duh] photo. by Ron Levy

 

