m

..f.‘..“.:‘_2>a:ﬂﬁi"‘f>~ .. .. _. A

 

 

 

’ couriers, PRIZES
—- FUN —
that’s

HOMECOMING ’80
(October 14 - 18) '

Mon - Wed: distribution of “I spot U”
HOMECOMING ribbons in CC lobby

Thurs: CRAZY HAT DAY ending w/
MADHATTER PARTY
(also ﬁrst day for "I spot U" contest)
in: SCHOOL SPIRIT DAY
(second day for "l spot U" contest)
4 - 6pm Parade from Alumni Quad up
Washington to campus field between
Dutch & Indian
6 — 8pm Pep Rally complete w/athletes,
pepband, cheerleaders & kickline
9 - Z Party sponsored by UCB in CC
Ballroom featuring BLOTIO
Sat: HOMECOMING DAYE
1:30 pm FOOTBAL GAME
Danes vs Red Dragons of Cortland

4:00 pm Reception after game at Alumni
MORE iNFO CALI House
ELLEN 7-7719 ‘ Catch the 

“We dang near got it all"
SALOON -::- DANCING

Good Fun at a Great Place
Western Style Food. Good Spirits

and Dancin’ to the Latest Country Sounds

Live - 7 Nights a Week

 

 

 

 

 

Monday Nights: Chuckwagon Chili
Free chili to all students With valid lD’s (/V

Tuesday Nights: High Draw The Dealer

Every Tuesday night, waitresses and bartenders Will carry clear 5., v3! ;. ,H
1 Card Will be drawn by you from a deck During every band bi‘ea. ’
draw a card If your card IS higher than the dealer's your next cm... 3 .

 

Wednesday Nights: Buckaroo Night (Mens Night)

[gt mp (1mm. tor liven (:31 00 Make this your night that s, lfr'u;

Thursday Nights: Quick Draw McGraw Night
For all you giir. sirngers, this night is for you. We‘ll Supply the guns; ;.v w
yOu supply the guts and a quick hand cause you'll be up against Our ‘4. '
the lucky one wrth the quickest draw. a $25 00 cash reward at Uni t“
night Every 6th week, each finalist wrll have a showdown

The Winner's Reward?

An all expense paid vacation for Lwo at the Painted Pony Dude Ranch!!

One of the area's most exerting resorts

 
   
 

S

1873 Central liver...
Albany, New Yfll‘i
[518) BBB-0901

 

 

 

 

 

 

438-4415

sales tax

Free Delivery

 

during this great special.
One coupon per purchase.

 

 

included compare,

limited delivery area
prompt. cheerful service

Sorry! only this coupon can he used

WHA'I'AVIEEKEIID
FOR YOU!

I'reat Mom & Dad

to a great meal!

$3.35 Value Free!

I FREE It)”
0
cheese pm:

When you buy I large I item
Pie at reg. price of $5.80
with this coupon

exI’lres Sunday Oct. I9th

 

 

 

,..--t....-...
llllI'lVl'lll.Illiill.i.l.l.'"

'

 

 

Page 3a

W

What if the only difference between Jesus
Christ and us Is that he discovered he Was
God? And what If the only thing that keeps
people from Jumping out of windows ls the
fear that they can fly? I have nobody to ask
these questions to. because they all Just
laugh or say I have an “overactive imagina~
tioti" for someone my age.

A piece of paper got caught around a
guardrail and keeps rhythm with the trees. A
racoon is sleeping on the side of the road, (I
know he's sleeping cause there's no blood.)
Up In the sky. the clouds are escaping.
Suddenly there's the suit, lt streaks the wiri-
dow like when my mother doesn't wash it
too good.

The trees look like TV. The Colors are so
real l feel like they'd smudge right off if I
touched them, Those trees look soft They
make me feel happy. but i wish they grew
the other way so we could play in the leaves
instead of the trunk and roots

It smells fresh and clean out The lliilt.‘
wind makes me feel good I Wish I didn't
have to go back so I could stay out here till
day. lwish we Could haw those classes out-
doors.

There's another skunk sleeping on the side
of the road. Don't they know that's
dangerous! One time our dog went out in the

QuLElace

The llglit shined brightly without being
quite as unnerving as kitchen florusceitce of
a late night public bus ride.

It was a formal affair this evening. unlike
the first time I was here six years ago when I
had come to listen to a woman named Patti
Smith. The auditorium was dark that night.
Still, we could not hide. Sitting In the very
first row. within spitting range, she wandered
toward us along the edge of the stage.

Her black pants were taut over her boney
curvature. Her narrow tie. her wrinkled
white shirt. all yanked from another era.
were holy cues for so many of her fans there.
She caught our center ring stare, Site
knew our liesitance.

“You guys." she started, Stutter, Again.

“You guys.you come here in your flannel
and corduroy . . . you suck."

She had trailed us. loud and clear. Four
school kids on the run and on the town. gig-
gling. utterly entertained but removed .in
their observer attire. We danced, we sang.
we memorized and recited, committh only
to this sense of awe and strangeness

Lejhﬂdﬁve

Halfway down Main Street in Urbany.
subliminal messages pelted her from the
store windows. "You wanth wear flat shoes
in the New Age . . arirl a crisp ribbon
around your collar " slit! paused in front of a
dummy wearing a zebra & polka-(lot jacket
with a fuchsia lining and pastel confetti sash.
How Would she keep It straight this year?
There was so much to remember it was diz-
zying. Slit: Slii'ltli‘fl her eyes and kept walk-
ing The shoes had to be flat. As Close to the
earth as a kolkhozrirk. And the ribbon. Tight.
On her little less than a choket~collar. Ample
gatherings at the waistline and elephantiiie
bows (1 lo ilackit' (pie-Onassis) Kennedy No.
she bunioaited. thinking of her comparative
ly short torso, A little of this year's fashion
heat. and you're off like Jane-Bu-Nimble,
rill. aging the magazines for any shred of
lieiiiline news. From another window:
"Ruffles. velvet shoes. feather earrings and
red. red. red hair!" It Would solve everything
to be neatly pressed into a .luan Gris still~lifc
for all eternity,

She walked on ahead. noticing the stubb
ed toes of her notquite-flat shoes, feeling a
safe distance from the pavement; something
she had depended upon, had clung' to In
some small sense. was now all wrong. She
felt suddenly like a fragment from a bygone
era. A 'severities' person. But what did It
mean? She rearranged her schooluirl load.

 

road like that and my dad hit him so hard he
stayed under Bobby's bed for two whole
days and didn't eat or go to the bathroom or
anything.

The clouds caught up with the sun and
now they're having it out. The Clouds look
like they're winning cause they're bigger brii I
think the sun will win cause it's stronger.
Those clouds may be bigger but they're too
light and blow away too easy. (But I want

  

Now we were back. six years ahead of our
sophomoric nihilism,

This night was to be the New York of our
dreams. Saturday evening entertainment
with woven tweed sophistication and rain-
bow diainond love affairs that smelled like
roses in the morning sun. it was to be the
New York of Sister Carrie's ascent and Jay
Gatsby's spoils. and page six of the New
York Post. How far a workingman's sort
could go with an education!

The ligliis did not dim as the Orchestra
began to play. Still there was no place to
hide. Chins perched on finger tips absorbed
In concentration all around. Silk and satin
and young girls with flowers on healthy
aristocratic bodies. wondering about love in
their stiffness. We sat conspicuously among
the first few rows in our flannel and cor»
dtiroy.

The orchestra played a tribute to Andre
Kastelanltz, who wanted any such gathering
to bc a merry occassion The music was fus»
ed with optimism all night. They played
Ravel. ThcI God seduced the nyniph. They

Under one arm' the Riverside Shakespeare.
half a dozen notebooks, three journals. and
a dog-cared copy of Thomas Disch‘s sequel
to The Prisoner. What a find that had been.
After Dostoycvsky at eight. Nietzsche at
nine. Hesse at ten. and Sir Ramakrishna at
eleven, Disch was I") oasis by lunchtime.
English majors were still studying the satire
things. which was reassuring, But what had
made her obsolete? "Stuck on Separates?"
the sign queried. mimicking ()fi's slang. Cull
self-consciousness SUUIIILKl to scream from
every corner of the ruil Kt black parachutist's
motif Shi- lUfikt‘fl down at her comfortable
failed Levis illiil was reminded of Kabir's
words' "Keep with you truth, detachment,
and love" But this was Urbariy and there
wasn't a Banyon tree to sit beneath for
several thousand miles. And what of Zen?
l‘ladn't that philosophy proved useless In ".‘k'
Western context. its ugly transiiguration be-
ing touted as nothing more than capitalistic
hype? What was left for an Anachronism to
believe in?

Escapism. she mused, circumventing it
loud gang of six-year olds smoking cigarettes
and eyeing Bomber jackets In the window of
an army surplus store. Rumor had it that
Amelia Earhart's plane hadn't crashed in
I937. but that she was alive and living In
seclusion on an obscure Island In the Pacific.

which had been her secret glen all alorigl ‘

The §gudent NoteMﬁ

“'I'he Fall Of Man”

 

change Into different things all the time but
the sun Is just the‘sun. 3‘.

My aunt Millie from California never saw
fall before. “The fall of man" she calls it. but
always laughs so I don't know If she's serious
or not. I don't know what California Is like.
but If the trees don't change colors and let
their leaves drop off then it must be pretty
boring.

About trees: I noticed some of them are
very "possessive" and don't want to lose
their leaves cause I guess they're afraid

. becLBlau
Flannel lights. Ilptovvn Lights

played a portrait of Abe Lincoln. and “Porgy
and Bess." who seemed to he the only inI
blacks iii the hall besides Boss's proud
mother.

It was all so foreign. as untouchaka and
distant as the decadent gloss Avery Fisher
had in its darkness six years ago. If only
because we had believed that iii linit.’ either
we would change. or they would Change.
meeting on common ground somewhere iti
between our dreams and our purpose. And
so it was all too familiar.

On my left sat Mi'. l.dCltt.‘l. tall and only
slightly bulging at the bully To greet liirii at
intt'rriiission cnini' Mi. (Violderibaum,

“Great concert." hlnrleil Goldenhaum at
lliL’ frustrating I'Illl of his search. eyes
scouting l)t,’li|llfl his wrii' ftiiriit' glasses.

"Sure is." agreed a round faced Locker,

“I just girl the last four consecutive seats
for May trill." Goldi'itbaum (IiiillliliL'tl

"Who's going to be here?" queried
Lackur.

"Ashkunrizy is playing with the
Philadelphia. Iiitguriu ()lllliliilll conducting

ite Lives

How could she have done this. had it not
been for Balboa. a spoiled and sliiftless lad.
who escaped froin his debtors and a failing
farm as it stowaway on an explorer ship
bound for the Isthmus of Panama? All he
had done after that was follow his hunches
and a hot tip which led him to Darien to
discover one lliird of the surface of the ter-
restrial globe Amuliii's’ daring escape had
been made possible by a former (larlng
escapist! Perhaps it was true that anybody
could escape. but when: to? Nobody had
located Amelia. and Balboa was eventually
guilloiiiied as a scouridrel, Wlial we had left
were Atneliii's maps and Balboa Heights.
Seat of the illustrious Canal Zone Junior Col-
lcgc. What was important was that they had
made the getaway. There was hope after all,
she conjectured. pushing a limp strand of
hair off her forehead.

 

   

October 17, 1930
w '

they'll get cold or look ugly or something.
But that's really dumb cause trees look
beautiful even without the leaves. like when
the snow comes and piles up In between the
branches and sparkles when the sun shines.
And besides. God never let a tree freeze
before (We learned that in" science).

My favorite thing, though. Is' watching
those birds fly. They stay In line Just like
those "synchronized swimmers" who gave a
recital at the high school after months and
months of practicing. A couple kids messed
up. but those birds are really good.

I wonder how they decide who gets to fly
at the front. I wonder if they peck each other
with their little beaks till there's a winner and
then he gets to fly first.

But what if nobody wanted to fly first?
Like. if everybody was afraid he'd get lost or
mess up or something. I guess they'd have to
figure out who was the best flyer and out of a
sense of right and wrong (like Mrs. Shore
taught us in Sunday School) he'd just have
to fly first, And he'd fly the best he could
cause he had been chosen. And that's real
special.

I see the other kids coming back now. I
better make up an excuse for where I was. I
don't want to by laugth at and they always
laugh when I tell them the truth, 0

Bo

But i can't make it, Going to Miami that
week." answered a terse Goidenbauni.

“That's too bad." consoled Lacker. "Have
you met my mother?"

in front of us. the boss, and his kid
brother. The boss has meticulously layered
hair that was sprayed with just the right
amount of greyThu kid will never be so
lucky. But he'll always have good seats.

Me and my friend, well. we seem to have
retained part of our youth. A rhythm swells
In my brain, Maybe I'm missing something
here. I don't tlilrik so. We cannot hide. We
should not want to. The pitch of my
thoughts gives me confidence and strength. I
tap my friend on the shoulder with the ut-
most of care and whisper my soul iriio his
car,

“Whether by chalice. or whether by
liJZiliL‘SS. whether by design or whether by er-
ror. we wind up outside of this business."

There we sat In the seventh row. with
tickets for the reception followitig thu perfor-
mance. Uptown to have martinis and
photographs with Zubin Melita. 0

Anne Bers

Stopping at a display window. she gazed
alternately at her reflection and a group of
blase’ mannequin loungers iioldlng
telephones In their splayed hands, wearing
this year's undie combos, She paused for a
few more moments, pretending to be In-
terested; squinting. Instead. to glimpse her
last year'siace. colors, waistline. and heels in
the glass. There was something almost
amusing In this. She was lackluster In the
New Age, but in being obsolete there was a
kind of escape. There was something almost
visibleness that made solitude possible. This
was a real discovery. A digital electronic
computerized space-age clock on the corner
signaled the onset of her next class.
Quickening her pace to Physics. she reason-
ed, If quarks, which nobody saw. could have
color. charm and strangeness . . . 0‘

 

 

 

 

