 

   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
     
  
     
  
    

 

___...___——————-i.
' They calléd me "clean-up." not because of

my immaculateroom. No.,tor that they called r

me"‘seldom,"; because ~l 'seldom cleaned it.
"Clean-up" because i always batted fourth-(or
punched fourth in‘public schoolL‘Team cap}
tain. pitcher., atcher. and outfielder when
need be. or when Denise Davis was up. She
was a strapping black girl. the ‘No-l-Would~

Alley type. who-couldn't run fast.’but boy
could she hit. She didn‘t like me.~l thought it
was because i was‘tn the smart class. it was
because i tit/as. friends (with Shirley Beans.
Shirley Beans always had clean fingernails and
quarted. crust-trimmed tuna sandwiches.

V Shirley wasn't bad. I just didn't like seeing
her waikihg to temple on Saturday in white
patent leather shoes. Her legs formed an
isosceles triangle when she pledged; they
never met. i heard she had webbed feet. but i
couldn't ask her. We‘ wereh‘t that good
friends. 1' would check it out Saturday. at her
slumber party.

in fact. I didn't want to be her good friend.
cause she was third basewoman. up 8th. and
it looked bad for the athleterail to be seen with
her.

We had a sub one day. Mrs. Hackett. l sign-
ed my Delaney card W. Amadeus'Mozart and
called her sergeant. She threatened with
dgtention. but l was still Captain and detenttorr
was something that Archie got for passing out
slices of pepperoni pizza in class. ’

.Titlllation and black bubbling schoolyard tar.
Classes 4-2'and 4-3 were going to choose up
their-own sides at last. lnter-class punchball.
Denise Davis and Conchita Rodrigucz rap
tains. she called "even" and "once. lWltk
threece shoot": we botlr put out twos. "Three

Friday Observer

The Olympic torch has been doused and
the spotlight no longer shines on Lake Placid.
Once again it is a quiet mountain village. For
two weeks. though. it was center stage for the
world. land of masterful foreign sledders and
skiers. Eric the Great and a Cinderella hockey
team which proved that one should never
underestimate American college kids. The ex-
citement was hitting its peak last Saturday . . .
When the bus approached the sight of the
90 meter ski jump at lntervale. the massive
jump platform canre into view. Mouths drop-
ped at the sight _of‘ the blinking lights for
airplanes atop the platfornr. The sort battled
with the clouds. occasionally providing sortie
warmth for the crowd of over 25.000. To
describe the crowd is to describe every loud
color in the universe. Yellow down jackets.
Bright blue pants. Purple vests. Orange hats.
A peacock would be jealous.

 

  
  
 
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
    

The action. Athletes sliding down that
monster and leaping itrto the air. skis together.
backs and heads held in perfect form. They
stretched. Oh. how they stretched. They stret-
ched to prolong their majestic flights. refusing

passed under their skis. When Newton's Law
linally prevailed. some had flown more than
the length of a football field.

Crazy. That was the first reaction to the
jumpers. And the second and the third. A
general consensus was that anyone who made

 

  
    
   
  
   
 
    
    
   
  
   
    
   
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
   
  
   

that jump without a parachute deserved a
medal. The crowd emitted roars of encourage
ment for each American and Canadian
athlete. but they would never be contenders in
the competition for medals. The Finns buried
the pack. capturing the gold and the brorrz.
North Americans simply weren't in the same
league as their Nordic counterparts.

The air was festive, though. as the infor-
mality of the public address announcer and
the antics of the “ski cheerleaders" kept
everyone entertained. Just when the style and
grace of the athletes had lulled the crowd into
taking the jumps for granted. a violent spill
brought the reality of danger to full front. The
athlete was carried out. having suffered a
broken collar bone.

After the event the crowd porrred out of the
sight and the time came for Lake Placid's own
special event —» Olympic bus-waiting. Though
the vehicles were plentiful, it took nearly two
hours to pile the masses into them.

“Olympic t‘shlrtsl" Two t shirts were in hot
demand from the cold crowd: one with ice for—
tnlng on the Olympic rings which proclaimed:
“l Survived the 1980 Winter Olympics": itrrrl
another which had a single Olympic ring

 

 

separated from the other fotrr and read; "Let

 

 

Not-Like-To-Meet-You-Even-ln-A-nght- _

to land until more precious meters of ground V

'11:: Student Notebook

, '- Conchita nodrt‘g‘r‘rSz and Shirley Beans

takes it." I tried. but she glared and picked
Beth-Gayl Siegel.(don't forget the hyphen).
She was my classmate. my fucking classmate.
I thought now. since-l didn't use fuck as an ad
jecttve in the fourth grade. this was war and
twos Were wild . . . '

After the third and fourth picks. it really
doesn't matter, it becomes a moral thing.
Never pick the ones who "ooh, oolt" and raise
their hands like plastic head-banded Shari
Schneider. Never pick the ones who ate
mayonnaise on cold fried chicken, like Meryl
Kessler. But ketchup on salami was allowed
because Suzy Spleler was the best shortstop
around. Pick your friends? Well. that depend-
ed on who was having a social on Friday. or a
slumber party. '

My turn. Well. fcould pick Donna [)ivinsky
to fill in the outfield. But she always gave you
the reject presents she got for her birthday. I
knew cause when i gave her a photo album i
put a red dot on the back and sure enough it
turned up at Randi Klepner's on January 7th.
So pooh on her slumber party. and when i
didn't pick her she walled “slaughter sides. .'m
not playing." Eleanor Rigby. Without Donna.
we'd have fourteen on each team. And the
ball-flowers. we called them. The ones who
slapped. or rolled grounder's right into my
hands. the first outs clinging to the fence.

pretending to want to juntp rope. Susan
Abner and Sheila Silverberg. Rachel Weiss

Olympic

The Russians Play With Themselves."

The bus. As the warmth of the bus soothed
the frozen hands and faces. several hours of
standing itr snow made the feet harder to lll'er
out. What little Ill humor the cold had brotrglrt
on was melted as the bus driver pulled the
chariot away from the sight. He flicked on a
tape and over tlte‘ppeakers came the Beach
Boys wailing “Surfin' USA". The thoughts of
surfboards and summer brought smiles to the
many faces on the bus.

Lake Placid Village. Beautiful. quaint town.
Thousands of excited people walking up and
down the tnairr street. Saturday was sand-
wiched between two days of celebration over
the Amazing Team America. Signs in shop
windows congratulated the hockey players on
their dramatic victory over the Soviet machine
and wished them luck in the gold medal game
against Finland. The talk of the Crowds
centered around hockey. the evening's figure
skating competition and Eric Heiden's fifth trip
to the gold mine.

' on fE or'

Houses camouflagued against the hills on a
tapestry of another's life still unlcad - comes
undone against the barren trees that litre
themselves up in front of the night for radical
in(tro)spection. Giant lunrps of earth carefully
placed on either side of the highway. What
technique! Tire plastic cars that weave back
and forth on the black ribbon with the |inc(s)
down the middle - they're the ones that really
understand. They know. they know what it's
like to be left alone with just their thoughts:
close friends . . . distinct each . going
home.

Summers were always the bust in Emily
Cove. Massachusetts. the little town I grew up
in. Eighty miles from the Cape. but we almost
never went. Not until nruch later. anyhow.
Weekends. years. were spent in or out of
town. but with concrete under onc's feet. not
sand. And not just because it gets fit between
your toes. and gets in your socks. your shoes
and. inevitably, your bed. No. but because itr
Emily Cove you simply spent your time either
itt or out of doors. and either in or out of town.

Jackie and I used to hitchhike a lot. Upstate
and outvofvstate. basically. although the pro»
per current could carry us. say west. Just in
general. not meaning California or Arizona or
even points really west (like Hawaii. Japan or
ever: the East). No. maybe New York or even
Woodstock (l).

and Sal Montanaigro. To be one of the
chosen. Being made t6 feel wanted. one of
the gang and what about Naomi?

What to dorabout Shirley Beans? Standing.
there In "stylish" "the denim-look" Keds.
forlorn. cleaningher fingernails with her teeth r
and picking lint from her pretty floral skirt.

My turn. Susan Abner is better. but Shirley
Beans needs support from a jock like me. Do I
want to win that badly? Yes. She always runs
around screaming "Fair. Fair ball." and waits
for Donna D. to get It.

i don't like being vulnerable. Feeling like
Reb Tevye on a bridge deciding his daughters'
fates . . . .

Webbed feet. A slumber party with a “Make
Your Own Sundae" attractions Real hot
fudge. no Bosco bullshit. But i do'n_'t like those
crunchy things that Mrs. Beans tries to pass off
as sprinkles.

There is no other hand. i didn't pick her.

i wear the Scarlet Letter: lam Cain. l am a
fourth-grader and it Is happening again. We
are choosing up sides and i will get picked last
and there is nobody I can joke about it witlt.

My name is Shirley Beans and the denim
sneakers are the mark of my caste. i wish this
were over. Punchball isn't my worst sport:
can look one way and hit the ‘Other. Atrd its
impossible to be that bad on third base. As

long as i remember: "The play is to home. i

Overkill

Hawkers, hawkers. hawkers. They sold
everything ~ the official Olympic everything.
that is. One man put the body of an airplane
on a Cadillac and made his own souvenir
shop on wheels. Another claimed to have in
his possession pieces of the 1932 Olympic ski
jump. which he offered to trade for Olympic
pins. They hawked programs. pins. hats.
scarfs. shirts. pennants. American flags.
posters. paintings. bumperstickers. and more.
One tipsy fellow. beer can cradled in his hand.
leaned against a garbage pail and held up a
tattered. four»fingered glove.

"Chance in a lifetime!" he screamed. “Get it
here v- this is the Official Olympic Glove! Get
it while I got it! One dollar for the Official
Olympic Glove!"

Scalpcrs. scalpers. scalpers. Super Bowls
and heavyweight championships couldn't
command such prices. Two guys walked
casually dowrt the road. the scalper speaking
irt a Southern drawl.

"You got any tickets?"

i remember one particular event-even more
clearly when i try to focus - a rock'n'roll
(obsolete yet? no?) concert at approximately
Watkins Glen. NY. A racetrack but this
weekend a rock'n'roll bazaar. festival. an
open~air drug market. whatever. A girl named
Jackie. a boy named Jackie. another named
 and more. much more.

Out of breath . . . the sound of a mind in
overdrive. racing. overvfatigued. not enough
oxygene or something to the brain.
hacheahoe try atrd catch its breath. so to
speak. as if it could.

The sun sets into its little nest just beyond
where you can see and | can‘see that the traf»
fic's really spacing out. (Metaphor used osten-
sibly to describe the traffic really is meant to
modify inhabitants of one particular light blue
VW treading northward on the tlrruway (not
tlrru on the nortirway; that was weeks ago).
Well. wislryrinvwere-here-at-Anaheim ‘77 is
playing lowly (db even better!) in the
background. and you get the picture:

Flashback to light blue veedub heading (you
know where). Narrator squints in the dimming
light. trying to make out the director. But the
director'smade off with the leading lady and
the script. Looks like a mystery is unraveling.
(Note: this would be a good place to insert a
mystery. Use your discretion)-

' promise I will remember "the play is to home ..

A'thl
‘

Pick me. _
it is not easy to stand here and he hated,
g i tried talking to'Conchtta about it once

' because they were giving cootiu shots and!

wanted her to give me one. But lliL‘il i waltz.
ed: they innoculated against my approach I'm
the faggot. the red ant. "Is there a cure?"l
wanted to know. Selsun Blue? Antibiotics?)
know ltsnot just a matter of PF Flycts anda
yellow raincoat and the right lunchbox, “'5
more -- it's me.

i am Typhoid Mary and i want to infect
them. The play is to home. i mumblu and pick
up the Spaldlng which has rolled to the fence,
There Is no one near enough to hand If to. I
will have to throw. ‘

Conchita is looking at me and | iqu her eyes l
as l throw a sloppy. weak underlnrtul she
may pick me anyway. because I invrtt-d her to
my party. That Is going to be a disnsit'r. but it
was my mother's preSent to me. Siru knows
kids do things like that.so Slit‘ Wr'ililt'tl nut to do
it too. Launching me a debutante With ‘it abby
knees and the popular appeal of poison ivy.

Cliques. i don't know wiry we even bother
to go through the motions. Cotnlnitr picks
Susan Abner and Suzy Spieler All three of
them have navy knee socks. Dr-nnr- is Afro-
Amerlcan and picks Beth-Gay). rrtr'l l ll/tll)[‘lll
Van Oss. They have the longest Itsz in the
class and cover the field like “Stricln's .rcross
the savannah. My socks are yellow and nry
knees don‘t touch. i know it.

l guess l don't mind being [ill )wtl last.
because it's less responsibility. 'l'lrm. lnrnw .

already they're stuck with me. they ti: rn‘t have l .
to find out.
‘Pick me. Please. .

I'homas Martelio '

  
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  

"Ah got tickets for the hockey grnuv li y'all
want ‘em. they're gonna cost you "

"How much?"

"There's quite a demand. Well. how about

. . urn two hunert dollars car lr')"

“i gotta think about it."

One man complained that hotel rooms
would cost him $300 for one night for llillt and
his friends. One night in Lake Placid fut .rlrnost
the cost of room rates for a whole writs-star.
Crazy. 

Traders. traders. traders. Button and pin
trading was a major pasttinre of S])t'llril0l§
The haggling was fierce and trades urtolving
folks with pins adorning their urrtnw down
jackets drew large crowds.

“i got a Russian airline buttou'"

"How about that ABC emblem?"

Perhaps the most soughtdftcr item no» the
Olympic NBC peacock. suddenly an un-
dangered species after the It
Afghanistan. This bird could fcrrtln'r up to
continued on juntr' lot!

wee.

t't'i'nis l

The running narrative is spottwl urn/inn;
along the side of the highway, panting my
severely and sweating. Our TV content» pull
up and Ellen leans out the window. slitttillltg
"Hey ‘ Why aren't you running? You'n' ~up~
POSCd tah be running!" The car has slrtwt‘tl
down to the narrative's pace and lriillii it: tic"
ting very backed up behind the volitswrrtit'”
The sounds of hundreds of angry N‘r't' to ‘-
Westchester-communters' horns r'itt‘ lif‘illil rm
the tape. in fact. the sounds of tin: lrrrtlrs are
so loud tth we can't even hear lillr-u (it ill“
"running" narrative. By George! liv's frilli'n
OVGF. And he's rolling down the hill Wart .r-
minute. i believe he's getting up. Uh huh. “ll
huh. he's fallen back down [Julius uIHl
gentlemen it’s all over. He has just itrllt'rl Hill)
the river. Sorry folks. but we won't lir' Mltliihiiiil
the rest of the clip as we pronriwri Hut. mm- ~
“‘9 UP next is Alex (it tho lilnruy Wltt'tt‘ Al Ill”
it’st skin is being staged in frgirt what onw tivtl
lL’iiClCi’ has called "oppressin riwr tliit' littiili
return policy" Alex?

Obviously. sorrrcthing has gour-
There's no Alex. in fact. llit‘re's no [IItllitii.
nothing is coming out of the TV l’t'ltl‘l“ "1
Eilued to their sets waiting for sonruthtntt it -
happen. Slowly. the picture return» and ill“
sound is restored But it's not 'i'Vi’r Nut-- l"
not even the news. It's. it's . . (in by W”
tinned).

ii. tong

 

   

    
 
 

Alpocto . r r 1
*

Do’s And Don’ts ~

. 'rth .

51' iIrth corrtroi is our responsibility to the'
next generation. The statistics on un-
wanted pregnancies are staggering. and
what's really distressing is most of them are '
unnecessary. Birth control methods are
available to almost anyone wanting them.
National agencies like Planned Parenthood
or local clinics like Whitney M. Youngin Arbor
Hill see over 10,000 women annually.

Sue Gerber

 

 

Granted. there are still side effects or in-
conveniences from most methods. but the
alternative is even less appealing. Of 100 sex-
ually active women using no form of birth con-
trol. 80-90 will become pregnant before the

year is out.
“it's not an easy decision." says Linda
Stern. teen education coordinator at the

Albany Planned Parenthood. She stressed the
fact that the type of birth control a woman
chooses is a personal decision based on her
lifestyle and what she feels comfortable with.
Some women may prefer the convenience of
one method. or the lower risks of another.
"Abstinence is still the most effectivcI method"
she emphasized.

Nancy Raab. nurse practitioner in charge of
family planning at Whitney M. Young Health
Center talked about how demographics affect
women's decisions about birth control. “Most
of our patients are adolescents —— from the in»
our city  and tend to prefer more convenient
methods." A large majority of patients there
use the pill or lUl). and Ms. Raab reports a
very low incidence of related problems.
Here's a very current discussion of several
types of birth control trtt!tltOtl5. complete with
descriptions. advantages and disadvantages of
each based rurbouks. talks with counselors
and the latest in information put out by the
NYS Department of | lctrltlr.

Still number one both locally and nation»
wide as a temporary (reversible) means of
birth control is the Pill. There are basically two
kinds of oral contraceptives: the standard birth
control pill and the newer “mini-pill." Both are
taken by mouth everyday and contain either
one or both of the female hormones produced
naturally in the ovaries: estrogen and pro-
gesterone.

The “mini-pill is 970‘) percent effective in
preventing pregnancy atrd the other is usually
considered 99-997 percent effective. That is
one of the major advantages of being on the
pill. The other is the psychological benefit; the
separation of the birth control method from
the actual sex act allows more spontaneity,
which many women say. improves relations.

However. rrtarry women on the Pill report
the opposite effect: a decrease in sex drive due
to hormonal changes. When on the pill. a
woman is iii a state of artificial pregnancy.

 

 

 

 

if

 

 

THEIN

134441., ' ' ’

it?

 

1“
if}.
. f

 

 

tissues (often
resulting In weight gain. Some lose weight. but
many complain it's harder to lose weight when
on the pill.) There's sometimes accompanying
nausea. headaches. menstrual problems. sore
breasts. darkened skin. emotional depression.
etc. Some of the more serious. though less fre-
quent side effects include an increased risk of
blood clots in the leg. lung or brain. strokes or
heart attacks.

For most women under 35. the risks are
minimal. unless there's a fatnily history of cer-
tain disorders (for example. breast or uterine
cancer.) This is why it's vital the prospective
pill-user consult with a doctor she can trust.

ltr older women. especially those over 3F.
overweight women or moderate to heavy
smokers. the risks are greatly increased. For
those smoking 1535 cigarettes a day. the risks
are 4.6 to 21 times higher. Also. the risk of
heart attacks is ten times higher for smokers.
Risk of other circulatory diseases. like strokes.
is three to five times higher for smokers. And
the overall mortality rate is thirteen times
higher than for non-strrokers.

But still over 50 percent of women who
regularly use birth control opt for the pill.
There are several different strengths and doc-
tors are careful to prescribe the kind wltlr the
lowest dosage that still will be effective. Most
worrren experience few. if any. side effects.
Prices range from $26 a month. depending
on whether the pills are obtained from a clinic
or a drugstore. Often. special discounts or
sliding scale fees are available to students.

Tire second most popular (tetnporary)
method of contraception is the use of foams
and condorrrs. Unlike the pill or lUD. this
method requires no physical examination or
doctor's prescription. Foam and condoms are
relatively inexpensive. available at drug stores
and, when used together. are almost 100 per-
cent effective in preventing pregnancy. And.
unlike all other methods, condoms prevent
the spread of V.D. .

How they work. is obvious enough. the
woman applies the foarrr or cream immediate-
ly before having sex andttlre man does the
same with the condom. (One pamphlet sug»
gested that the partners help each other apply
the devices to make it part of foreplay.)

The advantages of this widely-used method
are the availability and lltt.‘ decreased health
risks to the woman r

Some of the disadvantages relate to the tim-
ing element  having to interrupt the foreplay
to apply the contraceptives. Also, with corn
doms the partners occasionally complain of
decreased enjoyment, although some argue
that's merely psychological. Then. there's the
complaint of general messlt’iess and the taste.

Used independently these methods aren't
quite as effective. Condoms are usually rated
at 0097 percent although there Is thechancc
of its slipping off or bursting. Foams used

L‘s

    
 

   
 

alone are about 90-97 percent effective.

Another comnron type of birth control. at
least in some demographic areas Is the in-
trauterine device. or IUD. This is a plastic
device. often shaped like a double 5 with a
fine thread hanging off the bottom. it's Im-
planted in the Woman‘s uterus by a doctor.
and removed the same way. Periodically.
usually monthly. the woman” checks for pro-
per placement by making sure the thread is in
place. Usually nothing else is required.
although some doctors suggest using foam or
condoms during ovulation. .

Many women like the lUD because it's sim-
ple. maintainence-free and. like the pill.
removes the contraception front the sex'act.
allowing greater spontaneity and confidence in
having sex without fear of pregnancy. (The
lUD is generally rated as 97-99 percent effec-
tive.

The strange thing about the lUD -—~ and the
reason many women don't trust it as an effec-
tive birth control device (despite statistics) is
that no one is quite sure how it works or why
it's effective. One popular theory holds that
the lUl) somehow weakens the uterus.
rendering it unable to support a pregnancy.
Another belief is that it creates a change in the
lining of the uterus. thereby preventing a fur-
tilized egg from attaching itself to the lining.
and thus prevent it from starting a pregnancy.

There are a few different kinds of lUD's.
Some have added hormones or Copper added
and some believe those additions have further
effectiveness against pregnancy.

There are several serious risks to consider
before deciding upon using the IUD. There are
minty programs or clinics that refuse to fit an
lUl) for any wotnatr who has not consulted
her family. due to the high risk of infection.
Since the hanging thread-acts as a wick allow»
ing bacteria to freely ascend into the uterus
and ovaries. it greatly increases the clranceof
infection. which could lead to sterility.

Among the other possible reactions. here is
a partial list: anemia. backache. blood poison»
ing. bowel destruction. expulsion. etrrbedi-
ment. perforation of the uterus or cervix. etc.
in the rare event of pregnancy. there is the
chance that the lUl) may become dislodged
arid implanted in the baby. Sometimes
deformed babies are a result of this. But
despite all the horror stories. these are only
possible risks and they vary from woman to
woman. This is why a complete physical and
discussion with a knowledgable doctor is so
important.

Until recently. the diaphragm has tradi-
tionally been one of the least used artiflcal
means of contraception. Demographics have
a lot to do with interpreting statistics, yet it ap-
pears diaphragm use is on the rise. especially
among college women. Tire diaphragm is a

   
 

serted by the woman up to six hours (some
recommend twu hours) before intercourse.
and then removed not less than six hours
later. it's applied with spermicidal cream or jel-
ly and. when used faithfully. is 97 percent ef-
fective. There are no physical side effects, ex-
cept the possibility of an allergic reaction to the
spermicide. Tire effectiveness and absence of
harmful side effects are ‘what makes the
diaplrragrrr appealing. but there are disadvan-
logos as well. They involve the timing element
(although. unlike foam and corrdonrs. there is
significantly more leeway) the taste and smell
and general rrressiness. Also. sometimes the
man feels It inside but rarely during inter-
course. There's also the chance of getting a
hole in the plastic so it's necessary to check the
diaphragm before and after each insertion.

Natural family planning W sometimes called

rhythm -— is becoming increasingly popular.
it's the only method approved of by the
Catholic Church. (although many religious
Catholics practice other forms of birth con—
trol). Basically there are three methods of
determining when a woman is ovulaiirtg and
during these few days a month (less than a
week) sex is either avoided or other means
employed. These three methods are observing
changes in the mucus produced by the cervix
(it becomes stretchy. slippery and more abuns
darrt during ovulation); the temperature
method (taking your daily basal body
temperature); the third involves a combination
of the other two. This requires patience and
faithful chart keeping and when followed can
be up to 97 percent effective. Not all women
can use this method. however. A discussion
with a physician is necessary beforehand and
several months of preparations must be allow-
ed.

The advantages are obvious — no moral or
religious objections can be raised. no artificial
or harmful chemicals or hormones are altering
the body. The disadvantages are that it's time
consuming. not for everyone. and not always
effective.

Arrrorrg married couples the most common
type of birth control — at least‘locally — is per-
manent sterilization. For either the man or the
woman It's a simple operation (sometimes
very expensive, especially for the woman.
depending on where it's done. etc.) that
doesn't affect your sex life except that there's
virtually no fear of pregnancy. This is a drastic
step and usually the doctor will counsel pro-
spective patients first. The operation is almost
always irreversible and therefore doctors are
hesitant to perform it on young. unnrarried
people.

There are other methods of birth control:
withdrawal. the “day-after" pill. abortion.
prayer. They are so ineffective. ad hoc. or
radical that they won't be dealt with here.

For further information on any of the above
topics, call Planned Parenthood or the
Whitney Young Health Clinic. or other doc-
tors or clltrics. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

