 

 

' would, CApsulesii

 

 

 

lHoltirtzati-D’Amato Argue

Port Chester. N.Y. (AP) Both Rep. Elizabeth Holtzman
and her Republican opponent for the US. Senate,
Alfonse D’Amato. said Monday they would consider
sending American military equipment to Iran in ex-
change for the freedom of the 52 American hostages.
But D’Amato, the Hempstcad Town Supervisor, said
the current Iran-Iraqi military conﬂict was caused in
part by a failure of American foreign policy. Holtzman,
a Democrat. called that charge "baseless." The two can-
, didates spoke at a 90mlnute forum sponsored by the
New York State Associated Press Association. Sen.
Jacob Javits. the incumbent who has only the Liberal
party line after his defeat in the Republican primary by
D'Amato. was not present. D'Amato and Rep.
Holtzman saved their most acrimonious remarks for
their debate over D'Amato’s charge that Ms. Holtzman
voted against every major military appropriation since
taking ofﬁce. “This nation's security has been imperiled
as a result of Congresswoman Hoitzman’s votes,"
D’Amato charged. Rep. Holtzman said D'Amato had
misread the Congressional Record and that site had itt
fact supported pay incentives as a way of encouraging
qualified personnel to remain in the military.

Iran Considers Cease-Fire

IRAQ. Baghdad (AP) Iraq agreed Monday to a
U.N.-rcquested cease-fire provided Iran diti tlte same.
but the fighting did rtot strbside. lraqi troops and equip-
ment moved southward irtside lran toward the enemy's
oil heartland, where Iranian resistance appeared to have
stiffened. Iraqi President Saddam Hussein said irt a let-
tcr to U.N Secretary-General Kurt Waldlteint that Iraq
would heed a Security Council appeal for a cease-fire if
Iran also would. Hussein urged the council to “take
necessary measures to urge the Iranian side to abide" by
tlte resolution approved Sunday. Iran did not respond
immediately to Waidheim.

GE Turns Coal to Gas

Schenectady (AP) The prototype of a cleaner. more effi-
cicrtl coal—powered generating system is being tested by
the General Electric Researclt and Development (‘entcr
here in wltat GE ofﬁcials call a “world's first." The new
facility simulates a systcnt itt which coal is turrted to gas,
cleaned of pollutants and burned to produce electricity.
according to Dr. Roland W. Scltmitt, (iii vice president
for research and development. He said the system pro-
mises to be 20 to 25 percent more efficient titan conven-
tiortai coal-burning facilities, thus rcducirtg generating
costs. So far. tltc GE facility has successfully operated
for 200 hours at the rate of ortc ton of coal per hour.

 

 

 

 

Oil Supply Crisis Continues

Washington (AP) The United States is no more
prepared to deal with a disruption in oil supplies now
titan at tile time of the l979 lraniart revolution, accor-
ding to a congressional report released today. The
report, by the Government Operations subcommittee on
energy artd the environment. concluded that crttergertcy
energy planning is "woefully inadequate at all levels of
government." Rep. Toby Moffctt, l)-Conn,. the sub-
committee chairman. said even though the study was
prepared before tltc war between iron and lraq. that
conllicl “is precisely the kind of thing the subcommittee
is warning about."

Georgia Opposes Anderson

Atlanta (AP) lttdcpcttdertt presiderttial candidate John
Anderson’s name has been placed on (itorgia's officia'
ballot form, to be printed today. says Secretary of State
David Poythress. ilut Poytltress adds that President
Carter's home state plans to appeal US. District Jtrdgc
Newcii Edcnfield's order that Anderson's ttantc appear
on the ballot. The judge issued an injttttctiort against tltc
state Friday, saying procedures used to disqualify
Anderson from the ballot deprived ltirrt of his constitu-
tional right to due process of law.

Carey Creates: State Jobs

Albany (AP) State officials said Monday that titcy want
to add almost 3,000 institutional workers at centers for
the mentally retarded because New York's delnstitu-
tionalization plan just isn’t moving fast enough. Gov.
Hugh Carey said he would seek legislative approval for
the creation of l.355 institutional positions for the
state’s Office of Mental Retardation and Developmental
Disabilities. That ltiring could cost in excess of $10
million annually. although state officials said they
couldn’t provide an immediate. “firm” estimate of the
cost.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a-V'v ’ 1;"

“slimmed—cm

 

Roanne Kulakull

 

 

 

 

Campus Bniefs

Keep UP The Good Work

if you've becrt wondering wlty tltosc rttert have recent-
ly been braving the roof between the Social Science artd
Humanities buildings, that's phase one of a re-roofing
project for the crttirc podium.

Aecordittg to Plant Director Dennis Stevens. the
wltolc podium should he contpictcd witltin fottr years.
provided they get the furtding. This. however, is a little
questionable since it's quite an expensive project. it's
costing $4lX).0l)t) just for the section between the
Humanities and Social Science buildittgs.

Telethon ’81 Begins

After four weeks of meetings, interviews. and
deliberation. Telethon ‘lil has announced that the reci-
pients of this year's proceeds will be the i'urkhurst
Children’s Shelter irt Schenectady arid the New York
Special Olympics (Area l0) itt the Capital District.

The Parkhurst Shelter is for abused or abandoned
children. The purpose of the Special Olympics is to give
handicapped children an opportunity to compete irt
atitletie events.

This year‘s first Telethon project will be the iO-ntile
Walk-A-Thon. October II. All students and faculty are
urged to support and participate in the event.

Help For The Elderly

The School of Social Welfare's institute of Geron-
tology is looking for volunteers for a ltotttcbotrnd elderly
cdtrcatiort program.

The program is designed to provide rttrrsing ltortte
residents or shut-ins with ittlellcctual stimulation arid
companionship.

irttcrestcd volunteers will attcttd informal classes at
area nursing homes ottcc a week for tett weeks starting
October (r7.

fiach volunteer will share topics discussed lll class
through a weekly onc-to-onc session with an elderly per-
son.

Those irtterestcd should call (iaylc l’ignone at
455-6107.

Protect Your Property

The Crime Prevention Unit of the Public Safety
Department is once again prepttrirtg to make the New
York State system of property identification available in
the student poptrlation dtrring the rttorttlts of October
and November, this semester.

The first location will be irt Dutch Quad as follows:
Monday. ill/(t w Van Rensreluur arid Ryckman. 7 p.m.
to midnight
Tuesday, lt)/7 -— Ten Eyck and Ten Broeck. 7 p.m. to
midnight
Wednesday. 10/8 — Bleceker and Van Cortland. 7 p.m.
to midnight
Thursday. ill/9 —- Beverwyc/r and Schuiycr. 7 p.m. to
midnight.

Saturday. l0/Ii ~- Stuyvesant Tower. 2 p.m. to 8 p.m.

The dorm itt italics is wltere the booth location will be.
Students may borrow an engraver to take to their room.

 

State Tower Flood Help

lit the Septetttbcr 26 issue of tile ASP, it was reported
that State Quad Tower Director Dave Render said he
was not sure what. if anything. the students will get in
compensation for their \s'atcr-dnmaged possessions.

Render has recently said. however. that file damage
applications to get reimbursed may be claimed through
the parent's homeowner’s insurance or through the
university.

We Want Your Blood

On Thursday, the American Red Cross Bloodmobile
will visit the SUNY Campus Center Ballroom, front to
a.ttt. to 4 p.m.. according to SUNY liloodntobile (‘oor»
dinator Jim Palmer. This visit will be sponsored by Phi
Beta Sigma attd Fucrza Latina.

Through the support of volunteer donors. the
Artterican Red Cross Blood Services. Northeastern New
York Region. meets the patient blood needs irt 30 area
hospitals.

All porerttial donors are urged to pre-registcr prior [It
the day of the visit. For fttrtltcr information. or to
register. call Jirn Palmer at 457-8760 or the American
Red Cross at 452-7461.

Mixing At The Rafters

The Adirondack Cltapler March of Dimes is hosting
an All College “Night at the Rafters" Mixer on Thurs-
day from it p.m. to 4 a.m. Students frortt 20 colleges,
nursing and business schools irt chsselacr. Albany.
Montgomery. Schenectady. Saratogrt and Warren court-
ties arc invited to attend.

The Mixer will include a Fashion Show. dance
dcrnonstratiort. drawittg for door pri/cs and breakfast.
Tickets cost $3.50 attd are available frottt rtterttbcrs of
the Class of 82 Council on Wednesday irt ('C Lobby.
Marclt of Dimes Office. at tile door. or front Scott
Wecltslcr or Jeff Short at 489-2080.

Over $300 wortlt of door pri/cs will be awarded m»
eluding cameras. jewelry. sports cqtriprttent and food
.ttems.

iircakfast will be provided at 2 a.m. by the Rafters
free of charge.

SUNYA Saves Energy

"Albany State is the leader nrttortg all State Uttivct-
sitics irt the area oflEnergy Conservation. Since 197] we
have reduced consumption as much as 23 percent. but
we still have a long way to go," according to Wayne
Ailctt. (Thief of Utilities here on campus.

lie added that art effort is being rttadc to forttt art
Energy Conservation Program on campus which would
try to make students rttorc energy conscious.

Ortc of tire goals of such a progratrt would be to
educate students concerning ways to conserve energ)
such as turrtirtg off unnecessary lights and using less hot
water. lte said.

One very appealing benefit of such art effort would bL'
a decrease in tuitiort. According to Allen. "()rte main
reaSon tuition goes up is that a itrtttp srrrtt of tuition goes
for utilities."

A5 Yet there is no formal structured energy office.
Allen said. because they are still iii the process of finding
an energy chief. In the meantime. ite said. students cart
JOIII together to make art effort to keep our title as the
leaders in energy conservation.

 

 

 

September 30, 1980

\v—j-wz—‘ﬁ‘ m.“ .m-t . t,

Albany Student Press

Homecoming Committee Formed

 

Traditional School Spirit Sought

by Beth Sexer

Just when you tltougltt school
spirit was passe. a student
Homecoming Committee has been
organized at the suggestion of
SUNYA President O'Leary and
Resident Directors to bring SUNYA
“back to a traditionalist model."
said Committee chair Dave Nolc.

The l5-mentbcr contrnittec is
responsible for planning events
such as a parade. pep rally and
ballroom party for i'lomcconting
Weekend. Friday. October 17 to
Saturday. October iii.

The Committee hopes to make
the particle. scheduled for Friday
evening. as “extravagant. as
elaborate as we cart" by irtvitirtg
higlt school marching bands. the
cheerleaders. artd the pep band. artd
by askirtg all stttdcnt groups arid the
quads to contribute floats. accotA

dittg to Nolc. »

"This university is fairly
apathetic when it contcs to organiz-
ing activities and getting involved,"
said Nolc. “in a urtivcrsity of this
size. it’s really a sltartte that we . . .
don't ltave a homecoming we can
really be proud of."

Assistant Vice President for
University Affairs Dr. Sorrell
Cltcsln believes that the plartrted
Homecoming Weekend "might be
the spark of something for future
years."

“The returtt of tradition
represents art important collegiate
experience." ite said.

Citesirt also suggested for the
future that a joittt effort be made
betwecrt tltc student cottttttittec and
the Alumni Association. for whom
llomcconting is most meaningful.
However. the Alumni Association

A Cross Country An

by Andrew (Yarroll

As lid Kirtner pedals toward the
uttivcrsity. lie is met by a small band
of Anderson supportch

“().l\'.. lid," says its leader.
_.__.___...__—

 

é.ﬂ:@@

____..____———-
“Channel i3‘s waiting at the en~

trance. so we'll ride dowrt the center
of the street so they cart get you
corttirtg. Everyone has their Ander-

sort l-silit'l'i" Artd lte bikes off. as
the pack moves ill around Kirtner.
who struggles to keep his bike frotn
grinding irtto the spokes of a well
\visltct'.

’l‘he phalatu moves down the
center of Western Avenue. a rag»tag
little parade celebrating the ap-
pearance of lid Kirtner of Ilrtmp»
ton, Virginia. who is now on tile
final leg of n cross-country bicycle
trip ill support of .loltn Anderson‘s
campaign bid.

has not planned any events of their ’

own this year due to lack of funds.
As of yet. the Homecoming

Committee has only a few hundred

dollars, but they have come up with

a tentative agenda:

Friday. October i7:

6p. nt. -8 p.m. : The parade will
march up Washington Avenue front
Alumni Quad to the Circle.

8 p m.-9 p.m.: The
cheerleaders will sponsor a pep rally
at the Circle to be attertded by the
wltolc football tcartt as well as
representatives front all other
SUNYA athletic teams.

9p.rn..- A party will be held irt
the Campus Center Ballroom.
University Concert Board (UCIl)
volunteered to sponsor the group
Blotto to perform that ttigltt. sttid
Nolc.

Saturday. October Iii:

Of course. the motorists on
Western Avertttc have no idea that
this is a celebration at all. but just
five idiot bike riders irt the middle
of the road. Ilorns blarc, tiles
screech. curses fly as the lender
waves his arms to catch the atten~
tiott of the (‘ltannei 13 man up
ahead with the mini-cam.

it‘s a wonder they can figure ottt
who Kirtner is for tire mob surroun-
ding him, bttt lltc cameraman is
wise enough to figtrrc ltc must be

-.I

   

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

campus?
ROTC?

40% of the .rtudc
asked them:

Did you register?

If the U.

issue versus the legitimacy
res/muses here will be tricky.

 

Only 59 students responded to this writ/en poll—so
nutrtrullv. I/If' ﬁgures are qrn'stimrultle. The ASP
thought the issue of draft registration and ROTC was
llll/Jttl‘ltllll enough and deserving rt/‘u survey. It seems

Are you in favor of a draft registration?

Are you in favor of a return to a draft?

Should women have to regisle ?

If there is a (trait. should women be included?

If the U.S. wanted to draft you. would you comply?
Do you favor plans to open all ROTC office on this

Iluve you ever or would you consider signing up with

Are you in favor of draft registration?

Are you ill favor of a return to a draft?
S. wanted to draft yotr. would you comply?

The questions in regard to wonren and a draft were
unclear on our part. We didn’t specify the equality

Nevertheless. .

 Draft  -Response Was Light

though, that the rrrq/‘orr'tv of our renders/ell otherwise.

.here are our findings. . .Iuke Illt'lll

with (I grain nfS/i L'l’.

 E1.) 5991’. NL)_
49% 45% 5 "hr

32 0/0 ()3 "hr 5 "/0

56% 39% 5 "/0

53 "/0 4 2 "/0 5 "/0

51% 42% 7%
37% 480/0 15%

20% 750/0 5%

Irls who responded to the survey were Inn/es ufdrrlft age this part .ru/n/nt'r. We

 

ES 52 NO OPINION
83% 17% "“

58% 37% ~‘

38% 54% 3%

50% 38% 12%

In the future. the ASP will conduct surveys on a per-
son to person busts. That way We can be assured 0f
"f" ("an i" “WWW—K" m" heavier response—and thus, more adequate ﬁgures.

 

SUNYA President Vincent O‘Leary
Wgested homecoming cottttttlttee idea.

a [:30 p.m.: The football game
betwccrt SUNYA and SUNY Cor-
tland.

At half-time tltc Hortteconting
Committee plans a coronation of
the Homecoming King and Queen.
Tltc king arid qttecrt will be chosen

the only gtry not ill an Anderson
'I‘-shirt. 'I'hc newswotttun. looking
like. well. Kermit lltc l-‘rog. with lch
trench coat and microphone. calls
him over.

“Tell us. lad. \vhy'.’ Why go coast
to coast for John Anderson?"

“Well. it's like this. ma'am. I
want people to be aware of Artdcr»
sort am! i want tltcnt to register no
matter who they vote for.“

"Ilut why bike. lid? Why?"

“Well. i just figured it would he
a unique way to spread tltc
Ittcssagc.”

‘I'hc camera sweeps doth his
body. over his loaded bicycle.
across lltc ltori/on.

“Well. thanks for talking to 'I'.\’.
it, lid 7 cut it. Rick. let's get a reac-
tion shot." And the camera moves
behind izd to record the rcportcr's
minted expressions—smiles, wide-
cyed wonder ments. and nods. nods.
nods. “That's rt wrap."

“lint tell rtte i{d. ltow much is
Anderson prtyirtg you?“

t‘ﬂ‘

"Paying me!" lid is talking lltc
nest day. He‘s changed otrt of iris
chamois-lincd bikers pants. artd is
wearing the one pair of long pants
ltc carries on the bike. lilond curly
hair and a teddislt mustache cott-
trust with a sun-tanned face. lie
continues ill a soft Virginian drawl.
“If you were offered tttortcy for a 4
tnorttit bike trip irt every cott-
ccivablc weather. would you do it?
There are a lot of easier ways to
make money."

lid is used to that question. used
to them all after three ntorttlts on
the road. artd newspapers ami ’I'V
affiliates frottt Portland to Buffalo.
“llut i attt thrilled tltc way this
witolc thing‘s snowballed."

“This wltolc thing" began irt .lu-
ly. when Ed and 2 friends, engineer-
ittg grads frortt Virginia Tech. load—
ed their bikcs aboard a 008 head»
cd for Portland. Arriving at 4
o'clock ill the morning. adrenaline
pumping. rtortc of the three could
think of sleep. They started off im-
mediately for the Pacific. Kirtner
says the feeling. pedaling in the grey
Oregon down along roads dusty
with volcanic ash. was magical.

The rttagic wore off. Three days
later his body acltcd front pedal to
cap. His friends were following a
punishing schedule—80.90. 100 rttile
days. The pace was becoming a pain
irt his blistered behind.

 

 

, r Three

    

photo: [lab lxunlrd

tltrotrgit corttests run by the quad
hoards. Each quad will elect their
own king and queen. and the
finalists will be voted on iii a
university-wide election.

6 p. tit-8 p. "1.: The Homecom-
ing Reception.

derson Bicyclist Rests in Albany

()f cottrse that was wonderful
compared to the next three days.
“lieu people rertlirc that Ittttclt of
Oregon is deserl~rea|
moonscapc.“ Biking in lllt) degree
heat with no sunscreen or billed
cap. I-d say his face fell like hnm~
burger. and he was sure ltc con-
tracted cancer.

The pairt finally worc off. and ltc
began to enjoy tltc trip. lint not the
pace.

“i wanted to take things tttore
leisurely. i wanted to meet people.
talk politics. trike rests. My friends
aml l prulcd. and I became tltc bik-

t'ttllllttil('(l on pagcfivc

SA Delays
Senate Vote

It) Larry .Ieffords

'l'lte ()l'f~(‘antpus University
Senate elections were postportcd by
n (‘lass of 1983 dccisiort to hold
electiotts. according to SA Vice
President litian Levy, SA ltad
originally planned to itoid the
Senate elections this week after the
SA .ludicigl liottrd had declared last
year‘s Off—Campus Senate electiorts
invalid.

Class elections are usually held
every two years, but sopltotttorcs
decided to release their iS class
council seats for a vote. The class
notified SA after the Senate election
date was set. Witlt five days needed
for notttinatiorts. SA decided
against ltolding two separate elec-
tions due to costs artd possible cort-
ftrsiott. said Levy.

Levy said he was “not displeased
or di. ' isficd" about the number
of Class of ii} council nominations.
“That's irrelevant. though." lte
said. “Our job is to promote the
election. ttot to extend it if not
enough people are nominated." He
sighted no organizational problems
itt the delay."

Levy added. "I hope people will
take advantage of the extension.
The tttore people who run. the more
selection there will be.“

Levy added that only those peo-
ple on the Spring 1980 ballot will be
eligible for nomination to the seven
Off—Campus University Senate
seats.

The two elections will be held Oca
tober 8, 9. and lo.

 

 

 

 

