   
 
   

{5.
yr
E.»

 

 

 

 
 

GBack in~th'e mid-sixties. 98 acres of-
Albany city blocks In the heart of the
Capitol Hill area were demolished in the
zealous spirit of urban overhaul. When the‘
smoke cleared. foundations were laid for the

"sprawling Empire State Plaza. The foundation

was also laid In the minds of Albany's citizens
for a switch from the scrap-it—all-and-start-over
philosophy of urban renewal to renovating
and restoring the many surviving historical

   
  
 

Home Town Report '-

,1
0

the newly-chartered Historic Albany Founda-
tion. stepped in with a court order to prohibit
the demolition. Today the Victorian
brownstone buildings form a quaint
townhouse complex with'ZO dtiferent‘ shops
and 116 apartment units.

Was it ‘_more economical to wo'rk with
buildings already in place? “Oh God no." said
Daniel Gerrity. "It-would have been better to
start from scratch. We had to gut those
buildings from the interior and just keep the
facades. It cost 560.000 a building to get them
in shape."

 

   

Before: Robinson Square. a decaying rubble at the front of Hamilton Street. in

the shadow of the Plaza.

buildings which comprise much of America‘s
second oldest city.

Jill Haber

The devastatiort of whole communities
necessitated by the South Mall sparked the
formation of neighborhood assocrations which~
feared the spreading of bulldozers and liquid
cement into their decaying but still standing
19th century homes. Instead of more con‘
Crete. they argued. why not renovate the
original Federalist period ﬁtt‘ltllLClUiL‘ and re-
tain—the unique character of the properties?
But what could be the drawing card for pump
iirg money into rehabilitation? ironically. it was
‘tbe gleaming South Mall with its built iir
market of 15,000 employees who tlt'l'ili'tl

 

shops. restaurants. and apartments

The revitalr/ation oi Albany's downtown
area. while largely attributable to the construc
tion of the South Mall is part of a national
trend towards moving back to cities Various
reasons are cited for the slrilt away from the
suburbs: the energy crunch and the increased
cost of longer distance commuting. smaller
families. the convenience of living where one
works. less time needed to maintain apart»
ments — no lawn mowing’or leaf raking. and
the old standby that cities are more exciting
places to be in than suburbs.

One of the most dramatic and recent ex-
amples of the trend towards restoration in
downtown Albany is the development of
Robinson Square on Hamilton Street directly
across from the South Mall.

In 1975 the property was owned by Joseph
Gerrity of Arrowhead Realty Co. and plans
had been made to level the delapidated old
buildings and rebuild the area through Gerri<
ty's son Daniel's company into residential and
commercial sites. However. after some mon-
ths of hassling with the Gerritys. the Hudson-
Park Neighborhood Association. working with

Undoubtedly, renovating is an expensive
proposition. but In the Case of Robinson
Square. it is also a lucrative one. According to
Square Manager rludy Nordoff. the projei t is
100 percent occupied and there is a list of
several hundred people waiting for apartment
space.

llarriet Langley. proprietor of Pappagallo
Shoes on Robinson Square echoed the some
sentiment. She termed having a shop there “a
very successful enterprise. And the Mall right
here can't but help. There's nothing like the
Square in the tri-clty area. l think people are
tired of shopping centers. This is a little taste of
(irrot'gr-town iir Albany".

Although called a "square" the develop-
ment is actually the north side of f'lrtltlllittit
Street The browrrstoites are brightly painted
and the shops. most of which are at basement
level. are designated only by unobtrusive
Wood-3n signs. The merchandise ranges from
batli accessories to posters to imported

' chocolates. The prices are far from discount.

Another newly refurbished area. which real~
ly does forrrr a square. is Quackenbush Square
across from the Palace Theatre on Clinton
Avenue and Broadway. This is the site of the

'oldest surviving building in Albany. one of the

oldest existing Dutchvurban buildings in the
nation: the Quackenbush House dated at
1730. Like the buildings on Robinson Square,
the Quackenbush House was also slated for
demolition to make way for highways but was
saved because of its historical value. The
Albany Common Council bought the building
from the state for one dollar. the city
renovated it into a restaurant. and then rented
it to Leonard Gaspary who manages the
business.

The small two-story brick structure adorned
by green shudders was once the home of Col-
onel Quackenbush. leader of Albany's Fifth
Militia Regiment in the Revolutionary War. Id
civilian life. Quackenbush was brickmaker to

 

 

Ill.

 

    

.:'i§s:es:¥€§’$iesrzsj 

    

 
 

The enduring quality as well as the detailed
workmanship on these older buildings was a
factor in SUNY's large investment in
downioWn Albany's revitalization: the Hanover
tlon of the D&H Railroad building into a cen-
tralized office complex. Ironically. the building
was originally conceived during its construc-
tion in 1914 as an early urban renewal project
to shield the Capitol buildings from a view of
the disheveled port area, The structure was
designed as a copy oi the 13th century

the Dutch patroons. the Van Rensselaers.

The beef and seafood restaurant. opened in
June. features tables on the wide-planked
ground floor and on an overhanging balcony
underneath a beamed ceiling. The walls are
decorated with lithographs of scenes oi life in
18th and 19th century Albany. emphasizing
the historical character oi the building.

Behind the restaurant are more brick
buildings housing Albany's water department.
According to Robert Dillon oi the water com—
pany's Graphic Arts Department. the complex
dates from the last half of the 19th century.
Originally the plant pumped the city's water
supply directly front the Hudson River. but
turned to other sources as the river became
polluted in the early Willis

Alter a fire in 107."). plans were made to tear
down the complex and rebuild. but the com-
bination of bicentennial spirit (Hill llft' trend
toward renovation spared its destruction
Dillon says the only problem with Working in a
renovated birilding is that it gets a bit drafty
because oi the number of windows. but he
swears by the quality of the original workman»
ship. “I would've hated to see this place torn
down. You'll never find a modern building
with all-brick walls built this thick."

it -
ome
With The

Downtown on Clinton Street, Just when one more tenement with graffiti splashed walls wrll
send you scurrying back to the manicured lawns of uptown Albirny. you round a t‘ttiltt'l and
suddenly a twostory brick Georgian peers down at you from the top oi a small hill Smack in
the middle of one of the the poorest sections of towtr.>tlre Schuyler Mansion. ('Uitllltitlttlittg the
only stretch of grass for blocks. reminds the visitor oi better times for this area. oi times 200 years
in the past when Albany's Dutch patroons were prospering. when the Redcoats Were threatening
from Saratoga. and when the colony's landed. mercantile upper class was taking its fortune on a
brand new investment: the lliiited States of America.

Philip Schuyler. shipping magnate. owner of 125.000 acres. and General oi the Northern
Department oi Washington's army was builder and master of that house. In 1761 when con-

 

struction began. there was an unobstructed view oi the Dutch Church pastures straight down to
the Hudson River. Behind and to the sides of the house stretched Schuyler's personal 125 acre
estate.

But in its day. the house fit in with the contemporary architectural style about as well as it fits In
with its current iieighbi’irs oi four‘floor apartments. it was the first house in the Albany area to be
built in the British Georgian style. The original flocked wallpaper and window glass were im-
ported from London. The lutnber was from Schuyler's own mills in Saratoga.

The mansion was a shOWpiece for Schuyler and became the site oi some interesting
developments in the history of the United States. including the marriage oi first Treasury
Secretary Alexander Hamilton into the Schuyler family,

Perhaps the most festive occasion held at the mansion was the marriage oi Elizabeth Schuyler.
the second oldest daughter. to Alexander Hamilton in 1780. Although the couple may have met
each other in Morristown. NJ at the home of Elizabeth‘s aunt. virtually all of their courtship
took place at the Albany mansion.

The General was Very pleased with the match since Elizabeth was the only one of his four
daughters to marry with his knowledge and consent The other three Schuyler women eloped.
complete with ladders out of the bedroom windows and waiting carriages.

Philip Schuyler wrote to Hamilton: “You cannot my dcar Sir. be more happy at the connec-
tion you have made with my family than I am Until the child of a parent has made a jtltlti'lftllﬁ
choice his heart is in continual anxiety; but this anxiety was remedied the moment I discovered
on whom she had placed her affections. l ant pleased with every instance of delicacy in llirrst'
who are dear to me. and I think I read your soul on that occasion you mention ';

[he "instance of delicacy" has been a source of much debate ar'rioiig historians biit most
biographt-i‘s of Hamilton bellow it was the disclosure of his illegitimate birth lit the West Indies in
the Schuylers. ’
/

WIMIW’ Ill" I‘l“"'l“‘.l“ ‘W‘S PUWIV a lttVr'-iirati:h Is also a moot point l'lr'itttillllti hail written lit a
letter to a friend. before meeting filllribi'th. his qualifications for a Utah" “She must be young-
handsome (I lay iirost stress upon a good shape) Sensible (a little learning will do) \Wll litt'd

. . chaste and tender (I our air enthusiast in my notions of generosity) Shit rim-.t lovu lit‘tlltt't
proney nor scolding. for I dislike equally a tertriagaiit and an economist ~ All! politics. lain Ilttllf’
,. _ . .v . . .
i:‘.i‘.‘.3l2;t‘.?.‘125135221235.211alibi? Ill???" 213mm?” ""‘“ Wt“ Site”  h” “’ 
m (“num- lhu Imam SIOCk “I “m. [he Scatter: V. rc must believe in (rod and Irate a saint. But as
. ou know my temper and circumstances and Will

therefore pay special attention to this article of the treaty . . as money is (in “55....13,” “wrung”.

 

 

 

The Quackenbuuh House

et 1 ‘ - - - ' ‘
more . . .. it must needs be that my wrfe . . .bringat least a sufficiency to administer her own

i: happiness in this world ‘ as l have trot much of my own~ and as I am very little calculated to
extravagancies."

J

Sehuylers g  V. 

Flemish-Gothic Cloth Guild Hall in Ypres.
Be gium. Through an odd twist of history.
when the. Belgium Hall was ripped apart by
bombing in World War I. it was reconstructed
with the Albany building as a model.

The cost to SUNY was approximately 15.8
million dollars forthe complex which provides
office space for over 700 workers and houses
SUNY Chancellor Clifton Wharton.

Former SUNY Chancellor Ernest'L. Boyer
played an advocacy role in the Board of

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

W°P¢§M¢ Build

A LOOK AT ALBANY

 

44T~H€ CITY

Trustees' decision to acquire the building. In a
1974 interview printed in the Knickerbocker
News. Boyer commented on the influence of
the South Mall on the rejuvenation of
downtown Albany: "The South Mall is part of
Albany's future. but I think Albany's future
should also come from the history which sur-
rounds tlre mall and an effort should be made
to combine a sense of progress with the in-
spiration of a common effort of the people to
make the older parts of the city vital.”

While Boyer maintained that the cost of
building a new structure would have been
equivalent to that of renovating the old one.
Iil! did state that it would have been easier to
start fresh But he added. “should the Univer-
sity haw taken the easiest route ~ building
new we might Iravv seen the example of
the great death and «lt‘pt't’ssluit of the human
spirit which comes when old buildings. such as
the Hill I. are taken down ”

As part of SUNY's pledge to genuinely aid
the economic growth of downtown Albany.
there was no dining facility built during the
renovation. encouraging employees and
visitors to patronize local merchants.

Yet. with all the resurgence of interest in the
downtown area. l'listoric Albany Foundation

 

   

Did mlrcilr Schuyler fill the bill'.’ Yt‘s and no She was young enough
20. Handsome? By all reports she was a dark-eyed beauty although a bit plurin hi the matter of
education. she had only 'a link: learning" as llL‘l nrrsspi'lli'd li'tti-is testify As for politics. she was
a patriot through and through. natural enough when ltttt"~r father is a general in the rebel army
and Washington and Lafayette always drop over for dinner when they're iir town, About
religion she had a generous railri-r than a riuidr'ratv stock. evidenced by the work she did for the
New York City Dutch churches after her husband's death "But Jrs to fortune"
Schuyler was well endowed. And yet l’lamilton warned Itt'i' about the possible poverty which lay
in store for his bride. and Ire later refused to accept money from his wealthy fatlrer-inAlaw.

Judging from his letters. Hamilton was quite

had “found out the secret of interesting me in everything that concerns her .
unirrerciiully handsome and so perverse that site has none of those pretty affectations which are
the perogatives of beauty " In their 24 years of marriage they had four children and after
Hamilton's death in a pistol duel with Aaron Burr iii 1804. she stayed true to his memory. never

remarrying.

And yet. accordirrg to Regional Historic Preservation Supervisor Paul Stnmbach. “It was not a
happy marriage. Harrrilton was fooling around with Mrs Reynolds in the 1790's. She was
blackmailing him for a while. The interesting thing is that Aaron Burr was her lawyer « and you
know they have. never really discovered why Burr and Hamilton dueled. It's ironic that Hamilton
had sponsored legislation against dueling since his sort was killed in a duel in the same field that

Hamilton met his death."

Whatever course their marriage later took. the ceremony itself must have been joyous. Tire
couple was married in the formal parlor on the first floor of the Schuyler home. The room is ar-
ranged in a stuff. symmetrical fashion with a couch upholstered in bluegray in the center and
matched thinly padded chairs set up around the perimeter. No doubt there was dancing in the
great hallway and a reception perhaps in the warmer-hued informal parlor across the hall. in this
room the dominant color is rose and the tone of the drapes and upholstery enhances the color of
the mahogany and cherry Chippendale furniture

Dinner was served under a carrdle‘lit chandelier at the large wooden table II] the yellow ap-
pointed diiiing room behind the informal sitting t'Ut'itti. The food was brought in from a separate
kittilren. torn down long ago. which was connected to the main house by enclosz passageways
While Catherine Schuyler no doubt oversaw the operation. most of the actual work was per-
formed by H'lﬂVl’S and servants. about fifteen llt iriiiriher. eriiployed tn the mansion.

MI. and Mrs. llamiltoii spent their lionr'yiriooii iii the Albany iirrinsroii and lltt‘tt moved to
New York City. taking up residence iir what is currently ilri' Wall Street area. The your of Itiitrl
must have been a black Ulll‘ for Iilizabetlr; she lost both her husband atrrl her father Two years
liIIL‘I she saw her childhood Albany home sold out of the family and llt'f father's lrtiiii' f‘hitlft' near

Saratoga parcelled off to spi'ciilrrtors.

The mansion changed hands several times until limit when it was bought by a Roman
Catholic orphanage. The house was almost torn down in 1910 to clear the way for a new larger
r)rplir‘inage biit presurvatron rrrrniled groups and individuals litlllltt’il to have the house bought by
the state as an historical site Although restoration of the mansion began tit l‘l17. it was not frilly
corrrpleted until 1947 Wltllt' the main house is impressive iir its grandeur. t'xttitVitliUltS have
revealed that in Schnylur's thin: a nursery. office wings. kitchen. snioki'lrouse. qardeiier's slit-(I.
life house, carriage hotiso, hunt. and coach look the place of the present gardens and parking
lot. But even it it has lost a bit of its original Irriroii'tal atmosphere. the mansion. still sturdy and

elegant. stands on Clinton Street with the resoluteriess of its former rrttrstersﬁ

 

'13 to l'lrlttillltrtr s

now then- Miss

taken with her He wrote of “Betsey” that she
She is most

 

_J

Administrator Susan Lynch characterized the
city's support of renovation projects as incon-
slstent.

City Planner Dick Patrick maintains that the
city will aid an area undergoing renovation
with new streetlights and landscaping. Accor-
ding to Patrick. federal money ts‘avallable tn
the form of grants and low-interest loans to
developers who work on structures located in
federally designated historic districts through
the Community Development Act which
replaced urban renewal.

Under this system money is given to in-

      

 

 

lras been formed to discuss the renovation of
Union Station.

A pamphlet from the Albany Rehabilitation
Assistance Program is boldly headlined
“Albany: City in Rebirth." Hyperbole for the
sake of publicity though it may be. the phrase
rinas true for the area of Albany surrounding
the South Mall —— witness the construction of a
Hilton Hotel on State Street. What remains to

After: Robinson Square. a thriving restoration complete with quaint shoppes

and exclusive rents.

dividital neighborhoods and hearings are held
to determine how if should he spent. A pro
spective developer niiist promise to meet cer»
taln guidelines mandating that the facades of
historic buildings be kept intact. Architectural
elements such as doors. cornices. and win-
idows irrirst be kept within the original style.
The developer appears before the Capitol Hill
I Architectural Commission for permission to go
ahead with construction. hi this way the cum-
mttnlty and the city retain control over the ap
pearance of Albany neighborhoods As a fur-
ther economic incentive. there are property
tax breaks for developers of historic buildings

Although the construction-of the New York
State Bar Association headquarters on lilk
Street was completed before these guidelines
vent irrlo effect. the facility serves as a striking
example of maintaining the original look of the
facade of a building and at the some time
remodeling the interior for optimum use
Three townhouses were welded together iirto
a single irnit. although from the exterior it ap-
pears as though the structures were separated.
Looking at the building froin the side.
however. produces a different effect. Behind
the facades a three~tiered. strikingly modern
addition was constructed. thus expanding the
available office space while not conflicting with
the rest of the townhouse fronts on the block.
The design by architect James Stewart
Polshek won the 1968 Progressive Architec-
ture Design Award. ‘-

The process of revitalizing is on-going in
downtown Albany. Tire Albany Federal
Building next to the post office on Broadway is
being remodeled for the SUNY complex. The
Historic Albany Foundation is taking an active
role through the use of its revolving fund to
buy and stabilize older buildings. such as the
Hinkel Brewery. the Morris Ryder Mansion.
land several houses on Hudson Street. and
then resell them to developers. A committee

be seen is whether reconstruction efforts will
branch out of the immediate Capitol area to
poorer Sections of the city Until that happens.
maybe the booklet Sli'JIIIIl be renamed
“Albany: Downtown On Its Way Up".

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

:24. .

 Lu: ..~ Luau.“ - ..

 

