j .

_... I V ~ 69.3,... .,. _- , . ,.,‘  ,._.

 

..,...-ﬂ»~wrw.m.~, _ .

 

 

  
  

“h

 

 

ypnosis was looked upon as a kind of parlor stunt, or
worse, as a devil’s device to control men’s minds. lm-
_.,, ages of people crawling around a stage onall fours or
else revealing deep dark secrets continue to give hypnosis a bad
name. People have derived their chief impressions of hypnosis
from stage (and perhaps staged) demonstrations of it.
But hypnosis has nothing to do
 Saunders with black magic or the super-
natural. lt is now solidly allied
with psychiatry and medicine, and is steadily improving its.
usefulness as a clinical tool against pain, fear'and a host of physical
disorders. Since 1958, both the American Medical Association
(AMA) and American Psychiatry Association have issued
statements accepting it as a useful and valid technique in the hands
of qualified people.

However, as yet, hypnosis is not a licensed profession. Under
current state law, anyone can put up a shingle saying he or she is a
hypnotherapist. There are, however, controls on who may be
licensed by the state as psychiatrists, psychologists and social
workers. Those controls include educational requirements and a
passing grade on a licensing examination.

Morris White, a retired New York State licensed social worker,
has run the Tri-City Hypnosis Center on Central Avenue since
January. He’s treated everything from fear of flying to frigidity and
is a firm believer in what he terms “the power of suggestion" or
"altered consciousness."

He first became interested in hypnosis when he started using it
for treatment with delinquent children. He took a course with the
New Jersey Association for Advanced Ethical Hypnosis.

White said the biggest problem he has in his new practice is with
his clients’ misconceptions concerning hypnosis. “People are
basically afraid of three things," he said. “They ask: Will i wake up?
Will i say something i don’t want to? and Will l do something em-
barrassing?"

White maintains that none of these reservations have any basis.
“You don’t do or say anthing against your moral principles. Actual—
ly," he added, “if you really know the person and gave him a cou-

ple of drinks, he probably would act the same way he would under
hypnosis.” , .

Aside from that, White insisted that if he asked something
. rivate that ou wouldn’t want to answer, you'd either wake up or

 

 

 

not answer him at all.

in reality, he explained, “l’ve never hypnotized anyone. i give
suggestions. if you follow them, you’re hypnotized.”

“Everybody is hypnotizable," White said confidently. “You're
born with the ability.”

There are, of course, those who are more susceptible than
others. White said those who have good intelligence, a great deal
of imagination, the ability to concentrate and are willing to relax
usually are the easiest to hypnotize. He added that there is no
evidence that they suffer from weakness of will or that by undergo.
ing repeated hypnosis their willpower become progressively
weaker.

in terms of su5ceptibility, sex and nationality has little or no in-
fluence. According to most authorities, childen are more easily
hypnotized than adults. in addition, those from the upper class and
in generally good health will probably be better subjects.

The hypnotic state varies from person to person. The trance
superficially resembles sleep. The subject experiences a profound
state of relaxation, accompanied by sensations of lightness and
heaviness. The eyes close and the breathing automatically slows
down. Other signals a trained hypnotist looks for include changes
in voice quality, reduced movement, lessening of blink or swallow
reflexes, slower pulse, or more dramatic events such as catalepsy.
amnesra or regression.

The subject may become clairvoyant, give psychometric descrip
tions, see into the future, read the past, make spiritual excursions
or hear and see events occurring there and elsewhere.

The ability of hypnosis to alter perception and thinking has many

practical implications for some people, White said. Long-time suf

ferers of migraine headaches have been cured permanently by my
credibly short periods of treatment with hypnosis. People dying of
cancer have experienced some relief. Memories have been hyp-
notically recovered and disarmed of their ability to cause un-
conscious torment. Asthma has been cured; weight has been lost;
and smoking habits have been broken.

Major surgery has been conducted with nothing more than hyp-
notic analgesia to eliminate the pain. There is no generally ac»
cepted explanation of how the anesthesia can be induced under
hypnosis. Apparently the process involved is one of dissociation in
which one level of consciousness is blocked by another.

it has also been reported that it is possible to suggest paralyses or

  

n, .
J
.

 

 

 

 

 

eta. asssaamsnaﬁir”

 

’ FOSTER :gKLEiSE

"U ' " ‘,"‘""‘ I.Irl’VDI-ani.| I

v.‘

 

I Hamill; P".  I I L '
, ans:  u,  ~ , 
“Iﬂ’lw- EVOI‘IIOIC Cl- !” hypnotized. (but long In]; to Ion “III

III . Also
we"! Practice II hvphoﬂo- without n "can...

Hypnosi- lo nohion'gcr’ in: a page oloﬂu'o gin-lei. It in “opened

ho- thc “FM truly Illfll application. I- a limb“ of (you 0!

 
     

   

.. V Aamunumﬁv’kt mum. . .

  
 
 
 

  

_ 1.1:ipnotl'5m:Benefits (Hind l1
.7 ‘ “(4—904    [baa/251 .’

 

 

 

contractures of the limbs. Precisely how such altered states of con-
sciousness and bodily functions can occur under hypnosis still re-
mains a mystery.

No one really understands how or why hypnosis works, White '

said. “We only have case after case to back it up.”

in his private practice, White specializes in control of smoking,
eating and anxiety. He said hypnosis is able to help control these
impulses because it builds self-confidence.

in the weight control sessions, he seats eight of his clients at a
time in a dark room. He plays a monotonous tape with suggestions
which have a pyramid effect. in addition, he has weigh-ins and
distributes a diet. This combined with the hypnotic sessions breed
great success, he said.

His smoking control program is structured into four sessions.
The first session is designed to find out why the person smokes:
The second session he tells them to practice saying “i have smoked
my last cigarette at 2:30 next Tuesday" twenty times each night for
a week right before going to bed. The last two session are for
positive reinforcement. r

White said he has an 80 percent success rate with these specializ—
ed programs. For the weight programs, he charges $10 a week for

am  a
v   

 

 

 

45-minute session; the smoking program costs $60 for four ses-
sions.

White insists that hypnosis can be used for relief of most
anything. “it’s like Hitler’s philosophy," he smiled. “If you keep tell-
ing anyone to do anything long enough, he’ll do it."

He said hypnosis is a natural release. He said everyone
undergoes an everyday trance from time to time, when they are _
deeply absorbed in reverie or preoccupied with what they are do-
ing. “in these moments, we are fully focused, oblivious to what
happens around us,” he said. The football fan watching the Super-
bowl on television, for example, is fully alert to the game, but
unaware of his body sitting in the chair or his wife calling him to
dinner. ' .

in addition, he joked, hypnosis is a much cheaper and safer way
to enter into the desired “altered state of consciousness," than
either alcohol or drugs.

Morris White is one of approximately eight practicing hypnotists
in the area. He says that “business is good" and that he has a full
schedule during the three days he is open. “i think people are star-
ting to take hypnosis a little more seriously. It’s become more than
mere entertainment," he said. 0

Journey To The Flaxen Field

Believe me. When I went on this assign-
ment-ll had absolutely no intention of being
hypnotized. Although i was extremely
curious about the subject, i never thought id
actually have the nerve to go through with it.

i remember my first experience with hyp-
notism.

Several years ago i saw a "professional"
demonstrating his “power” on the stage. it
held my interest like a circus sideshow, as the
hypnotist went through his usual stage pro-
cedure. He made his subject do all sorts of
things any normal human being would never
ordinarily do. He commanded his victim to
fish for whales in a goldfish bowl, bark
around the stage on all fours and give a
Fourth of July speech. Finally the master
awakened his very embarrassed subject
shortly before his victim was about to take his
clothes off.

i went home feeling thoroughly entertain-
ed. But mostly i went home glad that i didn’t
voiunteer to go up on stage.

My next experience with hypnotism was
my freshman year at SUNYA. As part of the
five required experimental hours, i
volunteered to be hypnotized. So one Tues~

 

things they wouldn’t ordinarily do?

moving.

l continued to feel incredibly relaxed,
perfectly at ease, my thoughts drifting. l was
aware of his words, able to note my own
mental response to what he said. It felt like a
pleasant, light meditation. I thought to
myself: if this is hypnotic trance, l’d be happy
to stay in it for as long as i can. Then
something peculiar happened. He kept say-
ing the same things over and over . . . Soon
l was in a flaxen wheat field with massive oak
trees and a light warm breeze. My body could
actually feel the warmth of the sun he
described. Every one of my muscles was
mentally ordered to relax. I was as calm and
peaceful as the eye of a hurricane.

After several minutes of this tranquil scene
in which all my conscious problems disap-
peared, he said he would awaken me by
counting to five. l was extremely disap-
pointed. l felt he was wrong. l figured i
wouldn't come out of the trance just yet,
since it was so enjoyable. As he started slowly
counting, l hoped he would stop. l was sure
that l would not come out of the trance at
live, but would stay for a few more minutes to
relish in its peacefulness. l hoped he wouldn't

 

day evening 1 anxiously went to the experi»
ment. i remember sitting expectantly in the
classroom with approximately 50 other
vdlunteers. The experimenter played a
monotonous record designed to hypnotize
“‘9 group, but nothing happened to me. i
was never called back for further hypnosis
sessions, so I figured i must have been deem-
ed “unsusceptible.”

When i mentioned this to hypnotist Morris
White, he chuckled and said i was probably a
most “suggestible” person. He said there are
very few people who can’t be hypnotized. He
did a few preliminary tests by examining my
eyes and testing my concentration. He decid—
ed It could work.

With great skepticism, l sat in the comfor—

At any rate, I figured I’d give it a try. He feel bad when my eyes didn’t open at the

told me to relax and concentrate on my
hand. in a calm and self-assured voice he
said, “Concentrate on your hand . . . feel it
getting lighter and lighter . . . it will rise in the
air as if there were a helium balloon tied to
it . . . you have no control. Relax all your
muscles and imagine that you are going into
a deep sleep. Deeper and deeper. You will
not wake up until i tell you, then you will
wake up quietly and you will always feel fine
as a result of those suggestions. You are fall:
ing sound asleep. Deeper and deeper.
Deeper and deeper." V

He continued this formula for about five
minutes and then tried a test. At his soft—
spoken command, my arm floated effortless-

count of five. Then “five” came and my eyes
suddenly opened. l had no other choice.

And that was it. No barking on all fours,
deep dark secrets or prophesies for the
future. l was able to remember everything.
There were no magic feats. it was just a feel-
ing of extreme relaxation that can only be
compared to floating in calm water or enjoy-
ing a good backrub. it was kind of like that
buzz you get just before you start drinking too
much. it was hard to believe that what seem-
ed to only last a couple minutes was really
over half an hour.

i had absolutely no concept of time —— but
it really didn’t matter. I didn’t want to leave
the comforting white walls of his office to

table brown recliner and tried to relax. All i
kept thinking was: How can just words make
a person see things that aren’t there and do

ly up into the air of its own accord with no lcome back to the sterile white concrete of the
sensation on my part that l was doing the |if~ icampus. i wanted to go back to the security
ting. I even tried to fight It . . . but it just kept bf the flaxen field. 1- gym. smug."

 

