   
    

it.
'~’ 
2 "a;
. 
- S
r_.‘
.' 
 .2

|
f.
. l
l
l
l

 

lbs—‘7";.l.5;1‘..>.‘4.’_.v%‘&“ .

 

 

 

latte-List. 1.  ”

I‘ A 
- noun—- 6

.QonnnissauLQhesaleLe

'pon entering this eatery l am first

 by 'the:lo‘ng line of people

who wait for seating. i follow this
slnuousythrong til i reach the cashier. After
determining that the only satisfactory
methods of payment would be either a Vali-

W
Sebastian Caldwell .
Spaldlng III

Dine meal card or cash (credit cards and
checks are not accepted) l ha

meal card

   

. . 7 A _ J,
l descended into the cafe. and l was taken
aback by its sheer size and vast eating area.
Whether l approved of the food or not. it
was quite plain to see that literally thousands
of people would eat there this night.
Making my way to an open table
overlooking the grassy common. l observed
the clientele. The dress was very casual and
the atmosphere suggested a certain degree
of informality. Tables were set up in blocks
capable of seating a group of thirty or so. For
more intimacy there were rows of window
seats around the perimeter of the cafe.
After about a ninety minute wait. i reach-
ed the startling conclusion that there weren't
any waiters. but rather only . . . “sell-serve."
l supressed my proper upbringing and

E State

swallowed my pride. Slowly i followed thei
other diners and joined the assembly line of
serving. r

Stooping over to pick up my fiberglass and
reinforced aluminum tray. i noticed a crush-
ed bit of baked potato at my feet. A sudden
wave of nausea swept over my beleaguered
soul. but with my inherently stout nature l
proceed onward.

My first stop was the main course (No ap-
petizerl). There was a modest choice of broil-
ed brisket of spiced beef. colloquiall

. ' es‘ '

r

to as ‘pastraml." or breaded and fried
chicken. For a vegetable there was only one
choice: chopped broccoli parts. There was
also a slight selection of the area's finest
breads and baked goods. Millbrook Soft
White. Roman Meal Whole Wheat. and a
new one i had never heard of -— “Dixie” rye
bread. There was also an assortment of.
"brownies" for dessert.

i turned and walked over to the beverage
dispensory. There were many glasses there,
in the same rack they were cleaned. At first i
refused. but a line formed behind me and i
was forced to pick them up from the rack.
rather than wait for an attendant to aid me.

There was a choice of either a milk pro-
duct or "pop." i chose milk. There was a

    

resemblance of a salad bar with a wide varley.
of relishes. such as cole slaw and potato
salad. Such was the case for the garnishes
and dressings. After choosing seasoned
croutons and French (spicy) dressing. l
returned to my seat. Sitting there. much to
my surprise. was another patron. Obviously
the overcrowding had necessitated sharing
tables with strangers. introducing myself i
noticed a thin line of spittle protruding from
his mouth. Though thoroughly disgusted. i
tried to continue my meal.

The chicken tasted a bit overfried. and the
breading was more of a soggy. battery con-
sistency. Obviously mass produced. The
spicy beef on rye was a little more tasty but
extremely. fatty and greasy. My salad was
satisfactory but there were annoying bits of
lettuce stems and outer leaves which were
bitter and unappetizing. The dressing was
suprlslngly good but the croutons were much
too seasoned for my tongue.

My "brownie" was . . . brown and tasty.
although somewhat dry. The milk with my
meal was slightly warm but still drinkable.

uad

October 24. 1980

4“ l i

l have left out mention of the broccoli
parts. which were beyond words. No stair-
dards of decency would permit me it}
evaluate those mealy. stringy morsels ol
pseudo-vegetable matter. Never before. in
all my years of culinary experience. have I
suffered such a hideous fate. it was truly .r
crime against nature to have preparer! them
in such a way. and a crime against humanity
that they were served.
in summary. i would have to rate the (lining
at State Quadrangle on eight criteria. each
from 1 to 10.

Service (waiter. etc.) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ()
Cleanliness and sanitation . r .' . . . . . . . 1
Menu (variety and cuisine) . . . . . . . . . . 2
Preparation of food . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . 2
Variety of appetizers and condiments . . 3
Taste and quality of meal . . . . . . . . . . . 2
Price . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

Ambiance . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
Total Score (Out of a possible 80) . . lit

Generally I would have to say that this
wasn't the best evening spent In a cafe. Yet.
for the price and the convenient location.
many people. especially residents of Stair
Quad. probably would eat here quite often
But. for the life of me. i can not see wiry.

Halo. by Roan-l thholl
Ball by Ian-VI OII Roo-

 

'Het Doss And Pies Plus

rank C. Jettner is famous.
(9' Not because he's been married

to the same woman for 21 years.
raised two daughters. and sent them off to
college.

Not because he has a Master's degree in
Astronomy. a Bachelor of Science degree in
both Mathematics and Science. and was an
assistant to the chairman of the Astronomy
department at SUNY Albany for five years.

And not because he was instrumental in
organizing the International Planetarium
Society in 1972. or because he served as the
executive editor of that society's journal for
the first two-and-a—half years of its publicrr
tion.

Frank C. Jettner is famous because of
chili.

Bob Beliafiore

Now 45 years old. Jettner. a native of Lin-
coln, Nebraska. is the proprietor. chef. and
waiter at "Chill Franks" — a tiny restaurant
at 283 Ontario Street. that serves dishes
from hot dogs to brandy-walnut cream pie.
But the specialty of the house is chili.

Why, you may ask. does the former senior
astronomer at the Adler Planetarium in
Chicago make chili?

“i Just decided to make a clean break with
it (astronomy) and try something different.
And that's why we have ‘Chili Franks'." Jett-
ner said.

With the SUNY budget cuts In 1975. Jett-
ner found himself unable to find employ.
ment in the astronomy field. "it was pretty
grim.” said Jettner. “I decided to see if i
could make a go of it." he continued. noting
the abundance of chili restaurants in the
midwest and their scarcity in the northeast.

Jettner is a picture of versatility. Aside
from his scientific prowess. he was the solo
coronetlst In his senior year in the Central
High School band in Sioux City. Iowa.
(where the Jettners moved to in 1940). That

year. the band went to the lowa State Fair

 

 

and was named the best in the state. A
straight-A student. Jettner feared he would
end up a band instructor. So. he turned to
astronomy. which he studied at Morningside
College in lowa. at the University of
Michigan. and at Albany State. After 18
years. with the "help" of his employment '
problems. Jettner opened his small business
from what he termed as “nowhere.”

in the chili business. as he was in the
science world. Jettner is a success. “The fact
that my business has come into its fourth
year is some kind of sign." Jettner said. citing
the statistic that a vast rrrajority of small
businesses collapse within two years of their
inception in that tirrre. he has had “literally
twelve offers to franchise" his product. .lutt-
ner said, but none of them Were truly viable.

One thing that Jettner deals with that is
viable is his food. and the chili is the main at-
traction. Clrili Frank. as he is generally refer-
red to. makes seven different kinds of chill.
from regular chili (not too hot) through to
super spicy (for only the most daring of hot
food hedonists). up to a kind made with
ltalian sausage. But the super spicy is like
nothing that's ever been put together. and is
so incredibly orally stimulating it would make
Beelzcbub reach for water.

The menu also includes veggie chill for the
non-carnivorous. as well as combinations of
chill with just about anything. There's chili
rice. chill noodles. chili burgers. chili pot
pies. and even chill french fries. He also of-
fers "normal" hamburgers (but don‘t dare
ask him what he’s got to top one with ~—
there are 20 or so options). The most
popular dish. tltough. is the super chili frank.
which consists of two all-beef franks laced
with onions. melted cheese. mustard. and
your choice of regular or spicy chili (but if
you're a first timer. go for the regular - just
ask Frank).

For dessert. there are the usual ice cream
flavors (actually. there's only chocolate and
vanilla). but don’t even think about leaving
your first meal without a hunk of Frank's ple- I

 

of-the-day. it may not be the same one every
day. but no matter what Frank whip: up. it‘ll
/
,.

\

  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

Editor’s
Aspect

it's time for just a little bit of school spirit. it's also time to 91% credit whert‘

credit is due.

Next time you're in the bookstore and you find yourself looking through the
magazine section. pick up a copy of Rolling Stone's College Papers. Look
toward the back, over In the section containing the college student essay Wit“
ners. When you get past the essays written by the Harvard student and the ('ol
umbia graduate, you'll find one written by a student who graduated from little
old Albany State University. Read it. i think you'll like it.

Stuart Matranga. last year's ASPects editor and recent graduate from Albany
State, wrote a fine essay entitled “Aspects of the Sevmrties" which run
throughout the ASPects summary issue of that decade. The essay was a winner
in the Rolling Stone's College Papers journalism contest. With the recent
publication of the magazine. l urge you all to check it out if you haven’t alreaer
it might just be something you can identify with. I

make Grandma's look like UAS sponge
cake. He usually sticks to the most popular
concoctions for counter sale. but Frank Will
make you a pie to order if you just give a few
days notice.

One of the nicest parts about “Chili
Franks" is that. although it has a profound
effect on your throat and might even make
you sweat a bit. the wallet can llillltlli' the
culinary splurge. One can escape a lri'rrltln.‘
sitting for under three bucks (and that's .r
pretty healthy sitting). And you can get an
entire pie for under six.

“i would certainly say that in the lust tltrt'i'
and-onehalf years. l've had a (lllff'it'ltl l‘.iiril
of learning experience." Jettner said

And coming frotrr a rrrarr Wltttst' “HUN 1 ril
lege degrees have brought him irilo illI irrtur
national sphere. it seems that .lerttrcr in quite
happy with where adversity has plriu’il ltllit

\

 

   

 

 

 

Flo'berm. 1980

Military Hadnessf

On campus m

All this fuss over the possible return of an

ROTC office to the SUNYA campus is
beyond me. Don't students realize that we‘ve
had one here for years? They snuck in while
our backs were turned. and have been ex»
panding ever since. Herds of pupils are now
being trained in the fine art of missile control.
nuclear devastation. and actual population
‘expioslons.'
. if anti-war activists really wanted to keep
military recruiters out of here. they should
have begun when the Campus Center
delivered Space invaders. Missile Command
and other Army—Bally creations into the pins
ball room.

That's right — the military. the CIA. and

   

tier ~» ‘

"ll'a played by students with a tantefnr blood”

the US. Government. in a project suitably
called B.A.L.L.Y. (Brainwashing
Adolescents Little by Little. Yearly).
have transported these and other war
machines to campuses, taverns. shopping
centers. and entertainment halls all across
America for the purpose of gearing us all up
for the next big bad battle

The results are nightmarish as hundreds,
perhaps even thousands of teenagers each
day are learning how to destroy w and how
to enjoy it. Mannirrg llit'lt own personal
weapon centers. this .new generation of
potential draftees is seeing that hostility and
mass destruction are the most effective ways
to beat the machine and hence, to handle
U.S. foreign affairs in times of international
strife.

You laugh. You don't believe me And
you're calling me a reactionary. Well then
just mellow out for a minute and come along
to get a closer look at the games these peo‘
ple play and the personalities behind them.
Enter the Campus Center pinball room.

You stroll in loosely. yet immediately corr-
form to the atmosphere’s hevman com
postire. There‘s little verbal communication
Few even smile. And no one pays any atten
tion to you. A boy marches ovur to it game.
drops a quarter in. and conquers the world
The game ends and so does his rla/e. l‘lap»
py. he scrambles out to catch a class You
study the others who sink endless streams of
coins into their favorite addictions 'l'lrey'riI
hostile. They're aggressive. All‘Anrt'rican
kids. They slam the machines when they
lose. and sneer at them when victorious. Arr
army recruiter's fantasy

Listen to a description of these toys they
play.
Space founders is probably the loudest of
them all. it offers lrlSt'i lite. bonuses anti
benefits. and the chance to have your full
name and high score recorded on the corn-
puter. It's a subtle forrn of draft registration.

Space Invaders is a war hawk“. wildest _

dreams come true. With his vector-beam in
gear. he can quickly advance through the
B.A.L.L.Y. ranks from a beginner to art ex»
nert. Even if his ship is missing. if he stops to

read the instructions. or if he becomes
frustrated. he can press the re-set button and
begin the war over again. Hyperspace could
also be used in emergency situations. but it
can cause your ship to sell-destruct. This. in
turn. may force you to miss your classes.
Another war monster is Missile Com-
mand. which offers you a choice‘of bases:
Alpha. Delta. or Omega. This was done in-
tentionally by B.A.L.L.Y. to make you feel
as if by dropping a mere coin in. you've join—
ed a fraternity or honor society. The purpose
in Missile Gourmand is to defend the cities
until they're all gone. You receive medals for
hitting killer satellites. srnart(?) missiles. at-
tack missiles. and bombers. You even get a

 

l

Photo by Suna Stelnltamp

nice bonus for saving each city. What a
marvelous system of recognition for the
preservation of culture. And all for a lousy
quarter

With the sudden renewal of draft registrar
tion. skyrocketing hikes in the ‘(lelunse'
budget. and lllt’ commencement of a new
and improved cold war with the Soviet
Union. it's just a matter of time before Bally
introduces Russia intrusion. Missioir to
Moscow. and Communist Coup. These will

The StudentN ‘ ‘ '-

 

 

- AID-n; I
-. . . .’ “3‘

 

At the outset. i must confess that l’m a
native (upstate) New Yorker.

One day. many moons ago. i had just
finished collecting milk cartons from the cow
pasture (that's how it's done. folks. honest).
and l was setttn' on the porch chewin' on a
weed. And that's when this thought occur-
red to me: why not become a modern-day
Gulliver. a veritable sclentist/reporter/ex-
plorer in a concrete jungleland?

That i did. Carey knows why. Now that
l've become acclimated to this. my home
away from home. I feel compelled to relate
the peculiar customs and habits of the
natives at this University.

To get to the core of the matter: three
years ago. i inexplicably wormed my way in-
to a rotten spot; no. not the Big Apple. but
rather Albany. NY ~ the State University at.

Funny thing. the college students here
seem rrntch like downstate New Yorkers. I
mean. they (no kidding) discuss these four
topics only: (1) New York cars. (2) New
York sports. (3) New York girls -— or guys.
as the case may be. (4) New York.

Though living in Albany. these displaced
.dmvtrstttturs apparently belie' no other
place exists outside New York City. for they
refer to that worthy burg as “the City" -— and
to Lawn Gyiand as “the island." They can't
place most other localities in the state.
Up late "foreign devils" invariably face the
question about their hometown: “Is it
anywhere near Buffalo?"

These residents of a diverse and colossal
metropolis, the globe's central meeting
place. tend to be as parochial as any
hayseed

in defense of their ignorance of the outsrde
world. most megalopolts-dweliers claim their
borough or suburb as their hometown. But
just let them begin extolling the incom-
parable virtues of living in New York City.
and they will claim the entire some-odd
million population as their next-door
neighbors.

However much they are acquainted with
rats. roaches. and pigeons. New Yorkers
know relatively little about wildlife. Here at
Albany. one can regularly hear the squealof
a citified. tlordacheclad nymphet as she
spots a hapless chipmunk: “Oh look. there
goes a rat!"

 

do wonders for our enriched war fevers.

Though the Pentagon will flatly deny that
war-game brainwashing is taking place. we
only have to eye the evidence; the
thoughtless followers who meander in dur-
ing their spare time for a good war or two.

i manged to cairn down one part-time
soldier in between nuclear wars and asked
him what it was all about.

He thought i was strange.

"it's played by students with a taste for
blood." he joked. “in fact. most of us are
psychopathic egomaniacs."

His friends laughed. Some joke.

After dinner a club called Conflict Simula-
tion Society held its weekly gathering on the
third floor of the Center. Consisting of a
dozen male and one female student well-
versed in computer science and
mathematical arts. the group sat around a
long table and played war games for four
turd a half hours straight Unlike the he-man
soldiers front lltt' pinball room. these few are
the future designers and craftsmen for the
real machines.

()ne of their games is called Diplomacy.
and according to one member. the only way
to win is to “lie like hell." i know. a sad reality
in today's political arena. but must we pro»
more it?

Another game. modestly named Nuclear
Wrtr. is played. says the club's "Game
Warden." “by highly emotionally disturbed
students." The game has a Cardboard spinn-
ing device. and its colors are those of fire.

A player spirit the wheel. Oh no.
RADIOACTIVE BETA RAYS KILL
ANOTHER FIVE MILLION. They were hav-

Corttinued on page 8a

They marvel at the “beautiful scenery. the
luscious green grass. the fragrant and plen-

Dewnstatﬁ' ,,
State GEMINI .

y

“LandﬁlLtlﬁddnﬂ

tiful pines in th|e Albany area. (They're releg-
lng to the uptown campus; believe it or
don't.)

Be that as it may. downstaters can claim a
variety of wild animals and a panorama of 1
beautiful scenery as their own. '

For instance. consider the male of the
downstate species. He is likely to have styled
hair. a ciosetful of tailored shirts. and a mid-
winter tan acquired during an extended
Florida vacation.

He believes that the entire world's young
male population plays pinball. smokes pot.
listens to Van Halen. rides the subway. and
drives Steve's car the length of Lawn Gyiand
for a concert at "the Garden."

He is often a hit-and-run opportunist who
routinely and nonchalantly rips off his city
employees because “they can afford it." He
habitually uses four-letter epithets to describe
females. but he's a popular guy. never~
tireless.

The female of the downstate species is
highly renowned for her special concern for
fashion and beauty. Whether she totes salad
dressing to lunch in order to pare another

pound off an already-emaciated frame ——- or
she lines up at the ice crearn bar with three
pieces of cake in her enormous handbag —
she adorns herself with an abundance of
fashion accessories. Liberally‘applied
cosmetics. jewelry. high-heeled shoes.
handbag. and. of course. designer jeans. are
all necessities.

She can often be heard nasally recounting
tltt’ latest catlights between roommate and
roommate: “She is like so obnoxious. She
gets me like so upset whenever i talk to her."

Perhaps. gentle reader. you believe these
are but cynical stereotypes. Nay. nay! These
downstaters are amazingly homogenous.
‘Wrth such a large population. chances are
that characteristics will appear in greater
number. -

So i lied. Downstaters are not
homogenous. But the point is that even
though most of them are metropolitan. they
are not necessarily cosmopolitan. That is.
they are not always characterized by
"sophistication and savoir faire arising from
cultured urban life and wide travel." They
can be as parochial and provincial as us
bootislr. clodrlish and rude country hicks.
You might say. "You can take the boy out of
the city. but you can't take the city out of the
boy." J

 

Scarlet
Pimpernel

Polyanna saw her world through Sunlit
crystals. 1 have my crayons. i used to like to
see thenr so safe and secure in their bed.
protected in a hard plastic case. But now i
know better. i bought a 64-pack box of
Crayola's.

There are over 3 billion people in this
world. A lot of people must look like me. act
like me. We are not really like snowflakes.
for how many variations can you make on a
face? in my world. 64.

it is a neatly sectioned world. arranged in
families of related color. it is like Chinese ter-
races. preplanned for maximum growth and
comfort — crowded. but by no means crrt
and dry. it is complete with sky and forest. a
purple mountained majesty. a poet. an elf.
black. white and grey.

Magenta sits like a Roman queen watching
displays of strength below. She is wrapped in
grey-white, Mercedes Benzvlike in elegance
and style. She snubs spectators. eyes suitors.
Or she is in a pew. the proud proper widow
will not check her sable coat. She wears a
bun; she must be courted. She will be a
virgin when she marries. for l have never us-
ed her. She will wed Midnight Blue. an aloof
Pechorln type. all the better for self-

preservation. They will have a Kelly Green
child. and the relatives will wonder how Blue
and Magenta ever made Green.

Kelly will go to an all girls' Catholic school
in a Scotch plaid skirt (her uniform). for a
proper and fitting education. There she
meets Orange Red who teaches her how to
drink and how to shor‘ pool. But this friend-
ship is too taxing fo. the Blues. so they
quickly put an end to it. Kelly buys a down
vest, a pair of lrtking boots. and a Jansport
knapsack in preparation for her first semester

@ﬂﬂ

at Bryn Mawr.

Sky Blue is a Romantic who found inspira-
tion in a Harry Staley course. Brick Red
thought they would marry. but Sky was a
writer. poetry his mistress. He took an apart»
ment with his cousin Cornflower. a pleasant.
rather effeminate fat boy whom nobody lik-
ed. Maybc it was because of the bottle of ket-
c up ire always carried around in his back
packet. i don't know. Though he was
suicidal, and kind of waxy on paper. Corn
made his way into a Victorian home. Sky

lConttnued on page 80

 

 

