.‘grccs‘aea'g. :.. ‘-

 

, (vs-gut Citrate

 

 

LI. ’3 Morgiotta Convicted

NEW YORK. N.Y. (AP) Joseph Margiotta. the Nassau ‘
Republican chairman. was indicted 'Monday in connec-
tion with a 5500.000 insurance kickback scheme. the
U.S. attorney in Brooklyn said. U.S. Attorney Edward
Korman said a federal grand jury had returned a six-
count indictmerd charging that Margiotta used his in-
fluence to place insurance for the county and the Town
of Hempstead with a broker of record in return for a
percentage of the insurance commissions. The broker of
record was identiﬁed as Richard B. Williams & Son.
Inc.. of Hicksville. According to the indictment. the
agency could have lowered the cost of insurance to the
county and town by lowering its commissions in return
for lower premiums but it was tiever required to do so.
The indictment said certain of the commissions were
funneled back to Margiotta and others to insurartce
agencies that Margiotta designated. In some cases those
agencies did no work for the money. it said.

Gulf War in 10th Week

BAGHDAD. Iraq (AP) Iran claimed its forces routed ati
Iraqi brigade from the town of Susangerd on tlte
southern war front. wltile Iraq said its paratroopcrs arid
helicopter gunships smashed art Iraqi counterattack at
the northern end of the 300-mile invasion front. As the
war entered its 10th week. Iran also reported Iraqi ar-
tillery bombardment of besieged Abadan started new
ﬁres in the big oil refinery on the Slitttt al-Arab estuary.
Pars, the official lrattiatt news agency. said President
Abolhassan Barri-Sadr told it lraniati troops killed
400450 Iraqi troops, destroyed 20 enemy tanks arid cap-
tured seven others at Susangerd Sunday. “The ittfidels
fled in chaos. leaving behind scores of burrrittg tanks,"
Pars said. Meanwltile. the Iraqi military cottitnand
reported rocket-firing ltelicopter gunships at the nor-
tlterri end of lhe war zone killed 50 lrattians and
destroyed four tanks and three other vehicles iii the Itills
overlooking Iraqi positions at Gilan Garb. It' said 95 Ira—
nians were killed itt other fighting Sunday. Both sides
reported an lraniatt air attack Sunday on northern Iraq.
but Baghdad claitricd only a civilian car was damaged
arid its driver wounded. Iran claimed its planes
destroyed art electric power statioti. a chemical plant.
and a cetttettt factory rtcar Iraq‘s borders with Turkey
and Syria.

Reagan ’3 Son Seeret Groom

NEW YORK. N.Y. (AP) Ronald P. Reagan. tlte
22-year—old dancer sort of tire president-elect. married
Iris live-in girlfriend Monday without telling his parents
in advance. a friend of the couple said. Reagan and
Doria Palttrieri were married in it civil ceremony. said
the friend, who asked not to be identified. The cotrple
had lived together iti Greenwich Village since January.
President-elect Ronald Reagan and his wife. Nancy.
were not told of the rtiarriagc irt advance. the friend
said. terniirig the marriage art “elopctrient.” He said'no
honeymoonr rcclebratiott was planned and that “it will
be just business as usual." Young Reagan is a dancer
with the Joffrcy II dancers. a training troupe for the
Joffrey Ballet. Mrs. Reagan. 7.9. is a researcher.

 

 

 

Murderer Sen tenced

JOHNSTOWN. N.Y. (AP) John Hopkins. found guilty
earlier this month in the 1976 kidnappitig arid stabbing
death of a Gloversville girl. was sentenced today to 25
years to life imprisonment on each of three courtts.
Hopkins had been accused of rape, kidnap and rtturder
in the slaying of Cecelia Genatientpo. 17, in July of
1976. The rape charge was later dropped. A Fulton
County jury found him guilty Nov. 7 of second degree
murder, felony murder and kidnapping. Hopkins. 27.
displayed no outward emotions as he was serttenced by
Judge Mario M. Albanese. The three terms will run con-
currently.

Attention

The ASP won’t
come out again ’til
Friday, December 5.

- Everyone have a
- Happy Turkey:

kamwmsmmanmsg,“ .

 

' o
Reagan May MeetHussem
AMMAN. Jordan (AP) The prospect of a meeting bet-
ween Ronald Reagan and King Hussein of Jordan is up-
permost in the minds of Arab leaders opening the Arab
League’s 11th summit comference in Amman Tuesday.
Arab diplomatic sources report. "Reagan's stated inten-
tion to hold talks with King Hussein is certainly a
positive step," said a diplomat from the United Arab

.Emirates. “The summit is expected to give the king an
open mandate to talk to Reagan on behalf of all Arab
states." An Iraqi diplomat said the meeting would vote
a joint mandate to the Jordanian monarch and a
representative of the Palestine Liberation Organization
to discuss the Arab-Israeli conflict with the new U.S.
leader. Reagan suggested iii a post-election statement
that he would give priority after taking office Jatt. 20 to
a meeting with King Husseitt. But he rejected any deal-
ings with the PLO. saying it is a terrorist organization.

Earthquake Rocks Italy

NAPLES. Italy (AP) A series of devastating earth-
quakes battered Southern Italy Sunday. killing at least
773 people in cities. towns and villages. and injuring
more than 1.000. officials reported today. Thousands
were homeless after shivering through a foggy. freezing
night outside their collapsed homes. Rescue efforts were
ltariipercd by dantage to roads and rail litres. One of the
worst catastrophes hit the small town of Balvauo. ()0
miles east of Naples. where the walls of the church of
Santa Maria Assutita collapsed on an evening Mass fill-
ed with children. More than 50 bodies were removed
front the rubble. half of tlietrt children. Firemen were
able to save a two~year-old boy. still holding a toy,car.
front the church rubble. ‘cht to him. his grandparents
had been crushed to death trttder the stones. Bttt
fragmentary reports frotn tlte town of Santa Angelo dei
Lombardi ltr Avcllino province indicated 300 persons
perished in that town. Pescopagano. another poverty-
strickett small towrt irt the province of Avellino. reported
70 bodies had been recovered from the debris. The
quake. measuring 6.8 on the Riclttcr Scale. destroyed
hundreds of buildings. including a 10-story apartrttent
house iii Naples.

Klansman Teaches Killing

HOUSTON. Texas (AP) A soutlteast Texas paratttilitary
camp run by a Ktt Klux Klan advisor and a convicted
felon is teaching Explorer scottts arid Civil Air Patrol
cadets how to kill. according to the Houston Chronicle.
From 12 to fit) lixplorct's and cadets have learttcd how to
strangle people. deeapiltrtc enemies witlt tnaclretes arid
fire scnti—ttutomutie weapons. the Chronicle reported
Sunday. “We're not teaching these boys ltow to stripe."
cotrtettdcd .lolttt Bryant. wlto was convicted of illegal
stile of autorrttrlic wcaports last January itt Memphis.
"They only shoot a few roittids. trot prol'icictttly by arty
ntctrns." llryunt's probated setttettcc does not allow ltitit
to handle guns. probatiott officer Rick lispinosa told tltc
Chronicle. Partner Joc Bogart. ll Klan ritcntbct' for two
years. said ltc cltokcd other Marines itito tiri-
consciousness dttrittg boot cntttp training. But “we
didn't have the boys cltoke '11L‘ll other. We just showed
them how to do it." he said. The Youths come frortt the
CAP ttrtit at Ellington Air Force Base and Explorers

 

 

 

CAMPUS Bnicfs

 

- You Don ’tNeed it Anyway

Telethon ‘81 is sponsoring a Food-Fast on all five
quads on Wednesday. December 10. If you give up your
UAS dintter for that night (what a sacriﬁcel). UAS will
donate rt percentage of the meal's cost to Telethon.
Sign-up tonight or after Thanksgiving on quad dinner
lines.

And while we're on the topic of Telethon . . .

Telethon is now accepting T-shirt designs for this
year's theme: Taking Time To Care. Drop off your
designs in the Telethon box in the SA office.

Rhetorician Expounds

Dr. Steven E. Toulman. British philosopher and
author. lectured before Rhetoric and Comntunication
(RCO) professors and students last Friday on his
theories of philosophy and rhetoric.

Toulman spoke about the history ofWestern thought
wltlt particular emphasis on logic. as well as on his
analysis of argumentation and its uses.

Toulman‘s argumentative ntodel. as well as his text-
book The Logic of Reasoning is used in the RCO

 

k department .

l - 1' :< . ., ,
Scout Post 2125 at the base. Several parents said their
sons told them Bryant and Bogart made racial slurs and
frequently lectured on guerrilla warfare. the Chronicle
said. The pdst wassupposed to be teaching scouts about
military careers, said Don Townsend. director of the
Houston Explorer program. Advisors are etieeked out
by the FBI “to see that they are staunch. upstanding
citizens'." Townsend added. He said the FBI returned a
“positive report" on Bogart. If unorthodox activities
are discovered. then “our action would be to pull the
charter completely." he said.

Clean-up Begins atMGM .

LAS VEGAS. Nevada (AP) As gawkch Pllttlugrapltcrl
the charred wreckage of the deadly fire at the MGM
Grand Hotel and guards stood by to fetid off Iooters.
operators of the ltotcl said it would reopen in seven
months with all its former glitter. But Fred Benninger.
chairman of the board of MGM Grand Hotels. lnc..
wouldn't say Sunday whether the new MGM Grand
would include smoke detectors or sprinklers in all
roonts. The ltotcl had sprinklers only on the first two
floors and the 26th floor and guests said they lieatd no
alarms before cltokiug black smoke filled the 2(i-story
building~ Friday. Tltc fire. the second worst ever iii an
Anterican ltotcl. killed 83 people and itijured more than
500. Clark County Coroner Otto Ravenliolt said he did
not expect that anymore bodies would turn up. “It may
have been a blessing in disguise” that the alarm system
did not go off at the MGM Grand. Benninger said. “A
lot of guests would have gone ittto the ltttll\'ttys and sul-
focated from the smoke. Staying in their rooms may
have saved them." Benninger cotttendcd.

“Gang ofFour ” Trial Begins

I’EKING. Clilntt Two members of the “Gang of Four"
went before the special court itt Peking today to admit
their part iti ltelpirig to wreck China's economy. plotting
to usurp power arid perseculing tens of thousands of
their countrymen. including the wily political survivor
who now leads the nation. The Foreign Mirtistry an-
nounced that the show trial of the radical l'adcrs of the
Cultural Revolution resunted with the interrogation of
Wang Hongweu. a former vice chairman of the Chinese
Communist Party. and Yao Wenyuatt. another former
member of the party Politburo. before art audience ot
abottt 600 people. Tltey were reported to have confessed
to the charges against tltetn. The other two radical
leaders iii the Gang of Fotrr. Mao Tse-tnng's \vitlon.
Jiang Qitig. and former Vice Premier thtttg ('ltnnqitnr.
are on trial with them on the satire charges.

Iran Wants “‘Yes”or ‘ilVo ”

(AP) lrtttt says the first U.S. reply to its Ctttltlllitttts tor
the release of tire 52 American hostages is unsatisfac-
tory. and it wants a “clear and explicit" yes or rto.
reports from Tehran suy. lrtttr's official reply to the U.S.
rcspotisc to tire demands made by Ayatollah Rultollttlt
Khomeini and the Majlis. Iran's parliament. “Its
delivered Saturday iti Tehran to Algerian officials for
transmission to the Utiitcd States. The Algeriatts tool.
tltetit to Algiers. bttt there was no indication when the)
would be handed over to American officials and
whether the delivery would be made irt Alglcts or
Washington.

Talking Head-hunting

Poet. Translator. and Anthropologist (.‘ttt'ol Rnbcrtv
teiri will speak today about her experiences as it women
among the head-hunting Dayak tribe of Borneo. and her
work itt collecting and translating Daynk poetry.

Rubenstein will read sortie Dayak poetry. whish in-
clttde science fictiott space epics and ritual ptICIIIs of
health t. as well as her own poetry about ltct experiences
with the Bayak tribe.

The presentation will be held at 4 pm. today itt Social
Science .145.

Exam Schedule Revised

The final examination schedule ltas been revised and
posted, with finals beginning on Tuesday. December 16.
and continuing until Tuesday the 23rd. The time of the
exam is based upon the day and time of each class.
Schedules cart be found in various locatiorts around
Campus. strch as in the Cattiptts Ccttter Information
Desk and the Registrar's Office.

T.J. Picked to Speak

The guest speaker for the December graduation will
be Dr. Thomas J. Larkin. better known as T.J.

The ceremony will be held on Sunday. December H
"01“ 1 that. to 2 pm. in the Campus Cetiter ballroom.
The ceremony will be followed by a reception for class
of 1981 December graduates arid their families and
friends.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

November 25, 1980

by Judie Elsenberg

A delivery mix-up with the Cant-
pus~ Loading Dock caused almost
half of5.000 Tangent Magazines to
be misplaced and possibly

,. destroyed before they were

distributed last week. Tangent co-
editor Laura Deutsch reported.

The magazines were supposed to
ltave been placed in the Campus
Center Lobby. Humanities Lounge.
Alumni Quad. and Flag Rooms on
the fotrr Uptown Quads early last
week. Aceorditig to Deutsch, the
magazines were rtever distributed
on State. Dutch. Colonial, or
.Alumni Quads.

Steve ' Antltorty of the Main
Loading Dock denied the mix-up
was his fault. “I delivered the
magazines as a favor — 1 don’t nor-
mally do this for students." lte said
“I personally took my otvri car to
the (Qttad) receiving docks. It‘s the
students‘ fault if they didn’t go pick
tltent tip."

WCDB News Director Steven Gross

Deutsch. however. said she “had

called the Quad offices and told the
loading (locks to put the magazines
out in the Flag Rooms. I was under
the impression that the Quads
would put tlient out and not leave
them to rot." she added. “But I,
guess we can’t assume anything."
' Dctttseli and her co-editor
Micltelc Israel became concerned
when they didn't see Tangent
around campus by the triiddle of
last week.

“I kept calling up the Qttad
Loading Docks." Deutsch said.
“Three of them said they rtevcr
received them."

Francis Hoban of the Ittdiatt
Quad Loading Dock said they
received the magazines last Tues-
day. but didn‘t know where to pttt
tliertt. “There were no instruc-
tions.” I-Ioban said. “so we called
the Quad Secretary. She got instruc—
tins. back to us arid we put the
magazines out iii the Flag Room."

, .

Says forum will (rid in exchange of ideas.

Albany Student Press

O. I Half of “Tangents” Lost in Mix-up

Colonial Quad received the
magazines and later threw them
out, according to John Palilonis of
the Colonial Quad Loading Dock.
“They were laying around for a
week and nobody picked them up
or told us what to do with them."
he said. “They sat tlirobgh the
snow storm and we didn‘t think
anyorte would claim them.”

Palilonis said he did rtot know
why Colonial‘s Loading Dock
didn‘t attempt to get delivery in-
struetions as lndian's ltad.

Bob Burke of the Dirtcli Qttad I

Loading Dock said he rtever receiv-
ed the magazines. “They pick up
traslt lterc. For all 1 know it may
have been thrown out." ltc said.
“We don‘t rtorrttally deliver
things for sttrdcrrts here." Burke
continued. “That's supposed to go
tltrottgli the Post Office. or else
they could have delivered it
themselves to the Flag Room."
Detttseh noted that they litrd itt

 

 

5L000 copies of TM”! were printed.

 

x1 ltnos/ 2. 500 copies never reached four quads.

fact delivered the magazines
themselves last year. bitt they decid-
ed to use the Loading Dock this
year to save effort.

Althouin Tongan/is funding,
which comes mainly front the sale
of advertisements. was not affected
by. the loss 'of, thousands of
magazines. money used for printing
'l'mtgent was lost. Israel said. "The

printing fee was over $100. and half
of the 5,000 printed copies didn’t
get distributed." she said.
According to Deutsch. Anthony
first told Tangent metnber Dave
Blunt that he would deliver the
magazines before the weekend if
they were at the Loading Dock early
Friday 'ritornltig. When Deutsch
continued on page eleven

WCDB to Sponsor Senate Debate

by Wayne Peerehoom

WCDB will sponsor it forum on
student involvement on the Univer-
sity Senate on December 2 iii the
Cantptrs Center littllrootti. accor-
dingto WCDB ticws director Steven
Gross.

One faculty ttteriiber and one stu—
dent will represent each of the three
viewpoints that will be discussed.
Gross explained. The opposing
positions. Gross said. will be main-
taittitig a stattts qtto on the Senate.
providing it "distinctive voice” for

Faculty Cast Vote on StudentReps

SA, SU and N YPIRG Lobby

by Ken Gordon

Yesterday was the deadline for
faculty to tttrrt irt their advisory
ballots on stttdetit representation on
tltc University Senate. according to
Senate Nominations and Elections
(‘ontmittec Chairperson Kendall
Ilirt‘.

'l'hc refcrettduttt offered a
trtttttber of choices to the faculty

cotteertrirtg student t‘cp' “Itltttintl.
ranging front the elimination of stu-
detrt representatives to the cott-
tinuatiort of student representation
as it ttow stands.

Iiirr' estitttated that the committee
will receive 300 ballots frotn a
potential votittg faculty body of
1.l()t).“1 find the response pretty
gratifying." lte said.

According to SA President Stte
Gold at student lobbying effort has
been organized by SA. Student
Union. arid NYPIRG.-

Thc goal of the lobbying has been
to talk to faculty members and
stress tltc importance of student
representation. “What we are fin»
ding." said Gold “is that the facul-
ty nr nst not aware."

According to ﬂirt the results of
the refcrcttdtrrn sltotrld be a 'ailnble
after the committee's next titectittg
this Monday.

faculty. and giving‘fuculty tr domi-
nant position on the Senate. Gross
said the participants will begiti with
a speech and tltett attswer questions
frotii a panel.

Gross said the studettt par-
ticipants lutve been selected by

WCDB arid SA Presidettt Stte Gold.
The faculty participants. ltc said.
were selected by Senate Committee
Chair Kendall Birr.

"The forum.” Gross said. “is lit-
tettded to fill a void that has existed
in tertns of providing it constructive
means for the exchange of views."

 

‘hy Beth Cnmmantla

other court." Oliver said.

lrc said.

 

Qicrttcd iti Mirieoln.

r
Date forMiller Suit .
AgainstSA Postponed

The trial date of the sttit beittg brottgltl against Student Association
(SA) by Alan Manning Miller for breach of contract has been postpon-
ed. according to defending lawyer Lewis ()Iiver.

Miller is suing-SA following ittvolvetttctit iti preliminary itttcrviews
for a part-time position as SA lawyer which. Oliver said. “he
misconstrued to tttettti that he had hceti hired. Basically. he's tryittg to
rip off SA liy claiming tlr .I lie ltad a cotitrttct with them."

“Miller asked for an adjournment liecnttse he had brtsiriess iri sonic

Witnesses will be forttier SA President Pntrl I‘cldntan, fortrter Cert-
tral (‘ouncil Cltttir Dave Rtrl'fo. SA Attorney .litck Lester. and other
previous nretnbcrs of SA. Oliver said.

"I have not yet been notified of tltc new trial date. The trial should
trike one or two days. 1 think we have an excellent chance of winning."

The case is being tried iii the Supreme Court of Nassau (,‘otrnty.J

N

 

 

Tuberculosis: An Old Disease Not Yet Dead

by Dr. .Iuttet IIond

To keep students informed about
health tissues, the ASI’ will rtut (I hi-
wec/rlr heal/It column written by
Dr. Jtlllt'l Hood. Director of the
SUNI’A Student Health Service.

A News FEATURE

‘—_————_—_—‘
Future colt/Inns will (Ii.\‘t'us:s‘ topics
ranging from ntononm‘lt'osiv to
venereal diseases. Any specific
otter/ions or .t'uugt's'titno~ rc/a/t'ng to
this orll'uturr- columns short/(l he tul—
rlrexsurl to the ASP news (It-port-
merit.

In this firn/ ('(t/ttltltt. l)r. Hoot!
(If.\'l'tl.\'l‘t’i/ lulu-rcttlosir in the heir! of
its recent tlixcuverv on rumpus.

It is interesting Ilint :1 disease
which was the tttrritliet one killer iii
the United States itt 1000 is now so
little tllSCIIS‘tL‘Il ptthlicly that the area
news media thought a single case
picked up rccctttly itt tt food»service

etrtployee on campus was newswor-
thy.

Historically. the ltotics of
Neulitltic trtttn tell us the disease is
at least that old ntid Egyptian mnm—
mics ol'tcn showed ravages of 'l'.ll.
lrlippocrates often wrote of the
“phtltisis.” bttt Aristotle was up.
pttrcntly the first to rccogni/e its in~
fcctiousness. Only itt 181‘) when
l.ttcnttcc developed the stethoscope
were tltc sounds of tuberculosis irt
the lungs first described. ltr 1882
Koch demonstrated the tuberculosis
bacillus. the organism actually carts-
irig the disease. In 1H9li Thcobold
Smith described human and bovine
disease. The bovittc type was
transmitted through milk prior to
pasteurization and tnlicrcttlin'
testing of herds and often led to
bone lesions; but the human type
has been the cause of 95 pcrccrtt of
disease itt this country which
generally involves the lungs with
cough. hemorrhage. and cavity for-

mation. lts onset cart be insidious
with very little except night sweats
and late dtty lever to make tltc pa-
tiettt seek help.

Until 1944 when Waksman
discovered streptomycin. littlc
could be done for the 45.9/100,(X)()
people (U.S.A.) who had the
disease. ol'tcn yotrrtg active
teenagers or adults, except to
secludc tltcttt for ntonths or even
y'ars at rest iii a sunny. quiet err-
virorrtircnl. II' the organism ctttcred
the blood stream it led to military
'1‘.B.. T.B. anywhere and
everywhere tltronghotrt the body.
oftcrt called “galloping consump-
tion" because tltese nrtfortnnrttes
died so quickly. lti 1951 treatment
with isoniurid was developed. an
agent specific against the tubercle
bncilltrs lending to it drop itt iri—
eidertcc to 7.1/1()t).()()t) itt 1958. lm~
proved treatment has led to a steady
decline irt death rate to an almost

t‘ttlllillllt'ti on page eleven

Student Health Service Dr. Janet Ilood

lir'rln’r rthottr I/n'fornu'r Illllllbt’r one killer (lit'ctrsc.

 

