 

 

‘w-«s <4: Koo-1: ~... _

 

 

 

“Mutational-rm!- umykodo-thIdM-Dh mbmktononpcapk-”

“Mrdmmﬁh’aﬂem

Imp [be that mm on.”

\
mum—unmet.“
Hangman-duhmeam

lﬂﬁcsm -505

‘lIa only direction In luaurrccﬂon, the on-

1‘: than and toe. [hope no idea an! '1' Iohﬂol “ "901“an _ wumumm 1970

minimaluuubynmngkl-
loll-ml. mum-mmou

iliey. m m

You gotta go now
Oink Oink

Bang Bang,
Of the Flat

— Mark Real. KSU

"We tutu! look to the unlvenhv n,“

W The Day'l'he VI

(continued from front cover)

. . even though he was there; it was as i/ wat-
ching something on a screen instead of being
physically part of it. But one thing was clear;
the war being waged in Vietnam was being
fought as well at Kent State. Perhaps the sur-
realism compn'sed both battles . . . It also
bothered Phil thm his students were losing in-
terest in their classes — but he couldn’t blame
them — the wall separating the academic [an-
tasia from the international reality was eroding
. . . and quickly. '~-

Rich Behar ‘

 

The phone rang just as he was shufﬂing the
notes into a pile. the message came as no real
shock. Trouble at the Campus. Not much
news. he thought. trouble had been brewing
for days. Let us see what [ate has bestuued on
Kent. . .

Driving along on the boulevard toa‘ard
campus. his mind centered on the school's ad-
ministration — or absence of it. He was still
upset that the president had hired an outside
ﬁrm to conclude that there uere "serious com-
munication problems" — he could have told
Ihem that. as well as many in the conimunma-
:ions department. But what difference did it
make? — they hadn't done a thing about it

anyway,
Phil was temporarily )olted uvhen sidesuept

a 1»

 

monopoly on communication. "Very strange
indeed."

A tense and disturbed David Brrnlti'ey
reported the facts on NBC News that evenzng
Four students had been killed in a thirteen se-
cond burst of Guardsmen gunfire. Nne others
were wounded.

"I then realized that the Guardsmen had. 7'.
a sense. gone berserk."

it May 4th. 1970, shots fired by the
Ohio National Guard at Kent State
University snuffed the lives of four
students and scarred nine others In the days
that followed. an uproar spread from coast to
coast as this nation stumbled to the edge of a
pieCipice. Some 760 colleges and URiE'QYSIHES
either shut down or came close to doing so
Students spoke openly of a nolent and meter
uprising. conservatives and Kent townsfolk
pleaded for more college blood . "That's
what this countryteally needs" , .and others
demanded a Grand Jury investigation But
none of this was the final result. instead there
was a dc-escalation of emotion and lioSIlltt‘,’ as
people of all ages regained their senses A
dreadful confrontation was at. aided
Only those uho were close to the scene. :n
contact mth all the dtfferent factions. apr
precrated )qu hou. dangerously close this
country came to collapsing in those tincal
days

  

 

auditoriums, absentee teachers. and standar-
dzed programs. courses. and exams. To him
the nu race [Or the buck was the rat race [or
the good grade Soon he began to realize that
we are victims of middle-class America. the
begmnmg o] a personal and a social revolu-
:on

em State was one of the more conser-
vative universities in the country."
says Phil. "But the republican, mid-
Western. quiet students were outraged by a
previous incident in which they felt double-
crossed by the administration — the student
conduct code."
The code. which insisted on formal hearings
before a student could be suspended. ap-
peared to be violated in April of 1970 when
SDS (Students for a Democratic Society)
.memhers were arrested. suspended. and had
their charter revoked, Though it caused a
vocal outcry among both students and some
faculty. the administration refused to redress
the problem
The door to a closed disCiplinary hearing for
mo of the students was smashed in by
demonstrators demanding an open investiga-
tion The students were convicted of assault
and battery and incritng a riot. no open hear-
:ng was granted.
But students and faCulty continued to pro-
test the administration's handling of the

   

 

 

ink of the universities as the only
-Pbﬂ Tompkins

 

 

    

       

L', . L ‘ "s. I.» ~
from behind by another vehicle and cursed
under his breath A quick smile uliun he spot-
ted the driver to be his colleague 1nd future
spouse. Elaine Anderson

‘Tuo students and two Guardsmen uen.‘
killed." she had said. and he ans net-er :o
forget her vorce. There um also no any to get
onto the campus as all crinance roads cure
closed by the Kent Police 50 they drove to a
friend's place on the outskirts of mum and
lL‘Glle'll together for more :n/ormct or:

“A: ﬁrst 1 ads outraged What have 
crazy. goddamn students done’ Win cm the.
shooting at Guardstr: 'vi9' I

The local radto 'azzon and
Record Courier conﬁrmed the it.
rumors proved uruizg Bum means new
owned by the Climrrrisn of KSU Board o.’
Trustees. and Richard Dar itas no! one it;
syrripathtee with college demonstrators A

 

  
  

 
 
   
   

Phlzp Tazran-t.
 RCO Dupe"
:5 memba a' .
ponith h, 2'
Task Force  the sztuation,
that a serous breakdown :n commu
coupled Hill". admhzstrazzte absence and 

competency. led in the fora; tragedy ti: Mm,

 

 

 

 

. student cit in:

 

tum

snot. rig the si,s:eri .z.

qiu.‘

      

 

‘e .ri :’ lie sou :In: school as rr:

:c' then the c.

 

’ZULA' do}. tun momma
before Listittu enslerzce of his parents fie
began to rem-t It:.du.'e~clc.&$ Latinos and cr-
perimented .t.:li "CL. l._/'e styes And he iuci.‘
ed the Mount, .2: i: bureaucrat: more of
horrors .: Carbon (opt ofthe corporate i; by of
“IV, dehmrztiriizcd b)

i
forge tL‘L [hrc

 

Alyuroyl‘

(47¢; .JX‘.:5.
‘I picked up a tour on conduct and thru-
tt back. It alt-on not to be a Joke. The
gut-donu- one length]. It an M -
”-“ w to: Pler rust»

‘3 now"- nun that». I and“: up
r-wwmu. hummus-«41%

cums Puffs showed that even though a snia
:‘ 5-?! f1) percent) of the university agreed

 

"Channels of communication have always
'Nci‘. open." inSisted PrL’Sident White. even
after fitted consultants from Columbus found
difﬁculties in this area

Whole began a newsletter to the faculty (Fur
Your lnfnrriiatiiitt) -—- but the alienation still
seemed to exist as ther were no means
marlnble for lL'CIDlIJCdl communication

" be president wouldn't talk to anyone."
C<ilt)',)ldll‘ia Phil. "and he wouldn't delegate
am; down .i. making powui If you're going in
make (lk’L't‘lL'lva flint affect me. I want to sue
you

But Kent didn't hate iiiiit'li iif ii president at
the time. " \u’ had ii cuiiiiingly \K'Ulpllttt’tl
piece of ﬁllifll] "

   
 

"nu-g ~—

Things kept surprfslngly quiet until Tlittls~
day. May 1. when US. President RICllitlll
Nixon addressed the nation on his (lL'ClSilin lr,
invade Cambodia without the knowledge of
Congress.

That afternoon. Phil had had lunch with .i
prominent Kent businessman. His friend ex-
pressed hls dlstaste for the war and his deep
concern with the invasion. Furthermore. he
feared serious reaction on college campuses if
Nixon's speech did not adequately justify the
Administration's previous “peace policy "

"Well. I listened to the speech." recalls Phil,
"and It was not good."

They buried a copy of the Consliluluin tliv
next day. It was a happy occasion for the half
serious group of 400-500 rallying on lllll
grassy Commons. They said they l‘illlltltl it
because Nixon had killed it. They felt lllill the
President had shown his true colors when law
was caught contrastan the soldiers in Vli’lliiili)
with the "bums who are burning collizgi: 2.1m
puses,"

Black students were searching for fltlill MM)
rights and freedoms later that afternoon. Mm.
400 of them gathered.

But KSU President White was cunfulvni mat
the situations presented no danger, and lw Mi
for the weekend to visit his sister and in int. in!
a convention In Iowa.

The evening. Friday. May 1 ..

The fftst real warm night of spring ill 2 'lm
city of Kent was swarmfng. Bats and ..u"v.
here were always known for itlll'ttctitti; litiitv
crowds of young people from all l)\.-‘l i“...
region.

lt was a typical evening until 11 till i. :i.
when the Chosen Few motorcvtk grim; 
by Corky. began performing ’niki: il‘tlil- ml
tricks to the marvel of street Ctrtwil‘ . 
ieered and pelted a few pulicc uiu
more cops were called in.

Windows were smashed.
nited. and spray paint was rampant i
lit up the main streets.

At 12:30. Mayor LcRoy Siitrnn.  -.~ .
State of Civil Emergency and iiitfiiiu 1 :ii- i ll
closed

But this may have aggravated llil’  . :'
as hordes of bewildered drinkers .m-z. : ~ t 2
into the streets; they joined the tiny. i .1
numbered close to 400

The city police (nunibuiiiig it : .. -
dozen) tried moving the mob tutti” i "- -' :v
of campus and here the fiisi int-w in
municaiions breakdown nci'uiiuii .
expected assistance from catnpin pul. w
the KSU force was busy giiniilm; is
This chaos helped crumble lllt' iiiiu
relationship between Kent and llii‘ l‘-..

Fifteen tirrests were mode that i'\«".' '
over 310.000 in damages was ll‘tlll.’

On the campus itself. the Ann, ll' Ill
building. among others. 'hiid litri‘l' 3.. .i,.l'.
vandalized

Concluding that the city Cflllltl it it 4’“ \""
all the protesters and the lllllitih‘il 
with the lack of cooperation lwtweuii :.
pus and city police. the newly t'lf't M! I i
called In the National Guard Thi- i'illllli i‘  i’
not notified of this n at the llllll' tl -'|~’  at '
tle communication between llll’ air

And Kent State was lintmii  i _. '
cri5is + one ddmlnlslmtiit carat. llil‘ :vv
"inability in make a ilci'isiiin (lltlJ ‘
tluI reason for the L'iiii'iitenr'y \
wot-3 .i driverless cat going Llii‘JJllilll .
any brakes."

“The University titgiiiusiitii 'i ‘r i 1
disintegrated during this whnlt' il  l"

.'ilIi“-'.

 

[lTL’(:llI‘,t i'.‘
J_ . ..
, .

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

miles. "The mnyur was sliippiii.;
lhv Uniwisny tllltf asking thiI Nani if)1 fr it! ‘

 

but h1- Iohh a May club. The other guardv
nut-n fired tear an at his point blank.
Screening, the MI! mu oﬂ'.‘

... r r in,“ it»:
80-0 of Iv It: were knocked down with
rock- blt mull-th acre-bled up.

. immiscmnm.
'IF THESE GODDW KIDS CAN THROW
ROCKD. I CAN. TOO.’

“Una any force that's nice-any even to the
palm of ahootlng. We don't want to get In-
to that but the law any! that we can If

Inca-u ."
W titular tum».

.‘thI being limited iii a t'i'fl,at't'rittghl. u stiiilt'iit
ulio inquired about his rights was told “"0111”! Hit-
bars not to “worry about that crop' by a )iiifi'r who
threw cups 0/ water on the students In the utter-

i‘iiiiitfi'il (i'ff
( i .- t 't-V

Kent State ntudent tilt-r placing tour 11"”
canuluu' on racoptlanlat'l «leek - ‘HN‘H
Hive thin to Wurlowmor, l’n- on n!”"”'"
etude-ta who want: on education. but W“
mn't do that with thlngn mt: thfa twin"
throws: a: you}

 

‘4in
r.

 

 

received our Chadian. II It prepared to
a.“ arm: the challenge of the non-
dc-ocntlc loft? 0m node-t Inggullon
[or -y Month In the nude—Io community:
the out “no a Job of atudanu, waving
than non-negotiable demands. «an. pn.

chlng bridl- and rock- n the Stud-III
Unlon - Jun Ill-III!- thay m Ira-ring-
brown omn- or with. sham and act ac-
cordh‘glv" — Spiro Agnew

“Be lure you come back tonlte so you'll be

 

In the building taken In bur-n It dawn."
. .— Studr‘niu to ROTC Capt. Dori Prim
"ll anybody not. near that ﬁretruck. l have

ordan to put a little round halo In Mn."
— Deputy Shut". Kent

"Ladlu and gentlemen. plan-o go back to

._.t m. -..

your doe-IMHO. I! you w outside.
yo-wnlbaanaatod.Wodo-otumwar
netyou."

"Alright. not the nation“ Inlldl. I don't
can how you 110‘“. ﬁlo-git the doom!
“rough Illa [lull Through the wallet

 

to come In. He didn‘t have anyone to talk to
—— the president was out of town and forgot to
tell people he was going."

The mayor himself had issued a 1:00 am.
curfew on the campus but another poor
system of communications resulted In various

 

rumors as to the correct time and procedures.
60-70 arrests were made Saturday averting.
most for curfew violallons. These included the
entire cast of a play. and students attending i't
fllm festival.

The ROTC building was burned down bet-
ween eight and nine that nlghi and when the
fire trucks arrived they were bombarded with
rocks. Hoses were sliced and the fireman fl-
ed. The campus police had failed to provide
protection for the city firemen; ti provision that
was made in the past. When they finally shtiw~
ed up they were shrouded in l'lOI guiir; the
mob was dispersed by tear gas.

And much to everyone's surprise. the Nir-
tioniil Guard came marching onto Universlty
grounds at 0:30. They also cleared the Call]-
pus wlth tear gas. even though many students
were stlll unaware of the curfew KSU security
was now in their hands.

Governor Rhodes flew down UH Sunday
morning and called for it news conference. He
was loaded with rhetoric. calling the Kent
dlsturbancus. “the must vicious form n
Campusorleiitetl Violence yiit perpetrated iii
Ohln." '

"They're the worst type (If people thiit we
harbor in America and we're going In
eradicate the problem v- we're not going In
treat the symptoms."

”. . . tiny and every means possible to stop
ll."

He refused to close KSU down deeming
that thfs would play into the hands of the SDS.
“The governor was running for Senate
nomination for the Republican party and lie
was losing." explains l’hil. “Sn he made the
Campus llttttfbl .i political issue. Hi: Cillll’(l llll.‘
demonstrators i‘iiiriinunists iIllLl hmwnshirtu "
Prushlciit While finally I‘llllltllutl from his
weekend tuning and \VillltlL’t'L’fl UHIU campus,
Thu gnvuiniii's nith iiicssngi' tn )iiin wm.
“Keep it upon,”
Wllllt' tlu'n reasoned fllitf llll.’ ievi'iits WL‘tl'
I’out of our hands.” but l’liil lliiiuglit It was ii

cup-nut. The university it St‘L’IHl‘Ll In hiiii. wii:

attempting to force responsibllty onto the
Governor and the Guard. The National Guard
has no Interest in running the school —- just
the peacekeeping — and they were already
considerlng withdrawing until they were asked
to stay on

 
   

23 faculty members Issued a statement
depluring the Giiiiid's presence and the
Governor's remarks. 6“ of Phil's colleagues
requested a ftill faculty meeting but While
declined. Only the Senate. he said. could call
such a meeting.

"We wanted to he informed as in what was
going on." remarks Phil. "tinil the president
refused to meet with lltt.‘ faculty about this
matter, St) we were Iottilly ignored. The facul-
ty met in ii church in Aklfill, Ohio. the follow-
ing (lay ilntl the president failed to attend."

“f can remember getting Lip ll) go buy it
Sunday paper '—- to do that I had it: tlrlvc by
the (:aiiipus w ill)(l I couldn't believe it! Put-
sniiul carriers. sultlieri‘, in uniforms. helmets.
r|fles. blocking livery ciitrtincu f0 the campus
. . . I tend the [)i)|)t.’t trying ll) make sense Ulll
(if Wllitl all this was w lib if you were cntuiing a
battle zone. Very few people knew that these
guys were carrying liiailutl WL’ilDHHS around.
Some adniiiiisti‘utnis knew but they didn't
bother ti.) tell us."

By 8 p.m.. u largLI criiwd liin amassed on
campus and its; size was growing steadily. The
Guard was concerned i\llLl ordered a 9 p.m.
curfew. When the crowd failed IU disperse. the
soldiers. promptly gassed them. The students
were incorrectly informed that lhu Mnyiir and
President Whlte were running to meet them
and they grew hostile and angry. They cursed
the Guardsmen and police. chucking rocks at
both. More tear gas.

/\ few Guardsmen were. injured from rocks
that (.‘VUHIIHJ. some students were bayoiiettcd.
Over hf) were arrested and placed in county
pills. culls which were straining to support ﬁll
the youth tlivy housed fur the past few days.

On Mllllfltll/ rimming. May 4th. university
itfllllllllhllitlltfh mm with tlii: Miiyiii tllltl lllt’ Nu-
tiiiniil (iiitittl l)t!l1fll(l closed (fonts. Until Phil's
study was rtlltlitSUd, H was, llnClt’ttl' as to whirl
uxziclly lUUl’. plate at this crucial 5)l|lltL’t‘an.

“Tlii: Giiiiitl offered to M thi' students have

llIL‘ll inlly Ht'llctlllll’tl fiii niiini tliu iiif~

Id Went Craz‘

mlnlstratlon said 'no'. we want you to break it
up.‘ "

"No one believed this at the time. the ad-
ministration kept saying they weren't
culpable."

They never considered that It was only a
question of time before the young Guard-
smen. worn out from long days keeping order
in a previous Cleveland wildcat strike. worn
out by student shouts and missiles. would
crack.

When the Guard opened fire on the crowd
of students. the president was eating lunch
with several of his vice-presidents on the out-
skirts of Kent.

“He didn't even go to the rally which he told
the Guard to break up,"

The second-in-command of KSU (a vice-
presfdent) was ill and unlnforined. another
two were in California. one lll Europe. The re-
malning deans received no official word about
the critlcal issues.

When the Guard opened fire. most of the
students who came to school that afternoon
were also ignorant of the facts. Matty were
crossing through the ‘batllugrouiid urea' in
order to reach their dormitories. classes. (it
cafeteria, Some of these students were
wounded or killed

“After firing. they still weren't satisfied,
When the students realized that some of their
peers had been killed they were distraught.
weeping. crying. clutching each other. rind lhu
Guardsmen told them to break it up. get (ill
campus. disperse (II' also they would shunt
again."

“Now imagine 21.000 students. itlltl facul-
ty. and all who worked there told in get off
campus simultaneously.

“The police set up a bnricade (IrOUlld Cltlll
pus. so in order to get off you had I!) go
through a roadblock and get out of the L‘ttl‘.
They'd Search ll“! car to Cithl] as much contin-
band as possible. The next week the district i'tf-
tnrney and local police went through all the
dormitories looking for marijuana. guns.
knives. anti-war and protest literature. ("ld
they had it huge display of it for the press to
prove that the students were had people. The
police had no search warrant.”

 

. if

“Some students had no place to go when
ordered to disperse. Ont: Clrnirniiiii described
how hi3 had seen some ‘walklng “long the
highway carrying bugs. dragging clothes. and
weuplng' "

l’lill tlilnks ll .1 I'itii'acle that no ()llL‘ was killed
during the nightmiii'fsli exodus.

Two weeks later. the faculty wris nllinvcil
brick Ul| campus ~ llu-y {jdlltcd dL'Cf'SS tii mm
puters In order to correspond with students
finishing the sleirwhli'r.

“That was the only good thing that Cill'llL'
out (if the whole ‘izxpi‘iimicu.’ ii puriml wliieru

 

 
   

all bureaucratic rules and regulations were
thrown out the window-. . . an orgy of flex-
ibility and humaneness."

Students met wlth faculty In bars. churches.
their homes; others communicated via letters
and telephone In order to complete
assignments and take exams. But there were
some problems . . .

“We'd call their homes and some parents
would say ‘we haven’t seen him —— if you ffnd
hlm sir. please let us know'; some said ‘l'm
sorry. you can't interview her. she's In a men‘
tal hospital' — nervous breakdowns. and so
on."

Phil Tompkln's Task Force investigation ‘
revealed a complete breakdown in com
munication. an absence of planned emergen
cy SySIL’l‘llS. an "invisible" president. atria
broken promises.

He puts much of the blame on President
White for failing to appear at the rally. falling
to legitimize the Guard's orders or presence
and for turning il "peaceful. almost playful ral
ly Into a fatal confrontatlon."

"1 think it was absurd to order the Nationu'
Guard to go out and break up a rally. Witt.
what purpose? To what end? They had iii
authority to do it. They chased them halan
mound campus »» firing tear gas. Thai
[students] hurried buildings . . . but that's it.
iciisnn tiir shunting iinyhiidy "

Phil fuels the iiilministititkin also llOl lthlL’ll
by not ruiill/jng the relative ineffectivviiess o!
written communication and the need fi:ii
redundancy in critical matters. He also has it
few words for the National Guard.

“Up to that point. I tended to think of the
universities as the only sane places in the
country ~ that we were permitted to dissent
and protest. And then the administration in ti
sense collaborated with the Guard 1:: try and
prohibit it. To this day they [administration]
share the responsibility of the problem — that
doesn't trienn f can forgive for one moment
the Guaidsmun —« these crazy. amateur
soldiers who were in change —- their violations

iif Pentagon orders about locked and loaded
weapons ~— thurc's plenty of blame to g.)
.irtiiiiiil.

“l have learned. though. in be wary of the

{1% .

   
  

 
 

_ .
National Guard. Whenever they're called in.
there's going to be trouble . . . I would urge
everyone to stay n5 filr away as possible ——
unless they want to get killed."

'I‘hiiugli ht: Wits openly opposed to the war.
liiS icspoiislblllttes its a professor forced Hill to
play it small role us far as activism was con-
cerned. Ht: says hi! attended some speeches
iiiiil rallies. but remained low-keyed.

But like many (If the lime. hi: felt that Kent
may have been )USl at beginning —— that a S()ll(l
i‘trviilulliin t‘lHllll have been a result.

(continued (in page 10(1)

 

 

“Fix bayonetu, gas masks, loud!"

“The Guard turned toward Ila. We were ex-
pecting tear gal.

We got lometlllriu clue."
“All qla uuddan oucrythlnujuu blew up.”
"Everything happened sofa-tr it won like a
car wreck."
“It aounded like the Fourth of July."

"I thought that only blank rounds were be-
ing ﬁred and I thought that until the
bullets ltartetl kicking up dust at myfeot.”
“may muut beﬂrlnu blanka, tho-c can‘t be
real bullet-f" w M 'l'Iinmluiiii. lL'Diillt‘l

"l wa- lauahlna. I thought tho-o Jerk. are
ﬁring a machine gun over eoeryone’u
head."

“One moment I wait taking pictures. The
next I was eating dirt."
.imw maul“, .ii..,ii.......rim

“CEASE FIRE! CEASE FIRE! CEASE FIRE!"

r fll'lmflll .ltmm
One student was hit In the chest, Illniiil ﬂowed
through his shirt. As lw tiiilslctl. fiend ltnltlEll, the
student find It limit of "utter {Italic-flit!” on his Inca.

‘Somethlnu hit me In the an. I thought It
was a rock, and than I put my hand back
there and felt the blood."

"One student jerked like a puppet,
twlated, and fell like he got broken Into
pineal.“

“HELP US”

3‘4; .

 

 

 

