I A ‘ I

 

 

   

. .
What Is, HAP?
The Human Awareness Program is students, faculty and administration
working together to break down the barriers that exist among them. HAP at-
  tempts to increase interaction among the various rou s of the University so-
  that they'may truly become a community. '  i j ‘
  ' .o’ri

 
  
      

  
  

 here feel that
id, bureacracy.
re ’1' h and every one

Too many of the 20,000 people living, learninv "  
‘_ this place is too impersonal. They are a number _ _,
But this is a University. With the diversity that e  '
-r . f us has a valuable, individual contribution to  i
A - e the days for professors and classes t g . ,
' et in o  ye . "_' r.  '  "

 
   
 

     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
 

 

 
 

 

s’ backgrounds,
sharing it with
university can be

Sun - ions —— like HAP.

Time: , I V I I  K
Bri ~   r  . 4   _ '      . -.  _. . . ,  . .

Besides I '   ‘  " ‘ _ -  -' . , .   ..; .;  , - _ a "one stu-
great o: 1 percent han-
pm and g  ; *eltmtnations
directio   up in the

Mo

 

   
      
        
    
  
 

 

  

 

 ..  ORNAMENT FINALS
~-  2' $53 top v5i~pa1rs from Wednesdaynight will compete in ladder
._»feliminafidns with T-Shirts‘for the winners

Friday-May 1st ~-
HAP DAY 
 FESTIVAL OF THE FOUNTAINS

._ .    fvitiesbegin at 10 am with the playing of the carillion until
.,........noon, when th‘é"?é’§ttval.of the Fountains begins. President O’Leary will
lead off with a speech at noon.

The countdown to turning on the fountains begins at 12: 14 and the
podium party will follow with music by Dean Brown’s Dixieland Band.
The number labels 1 thru 525 which are being distributed on the
quads and among the faculty and staff are for a "‘Meet Your Match”
contest. The first 3 groups to 3 people who met their matches at the par—
ty will win prizes. ‘ ‘

A ‘Western Union’ message sending booth 'will be there, as will

plenty Of beer, ice Cream and SOda. This space donated by the Albany Student Press.
Sponsored by Student Association. The Office oftiie President, The Office of Student

_ Affairs and UAS.

 

 

will be T-Shirts for the winners in each.

You can register in advance b '
. . _ V Contacting Paul Freilich -
or by Signing up in the SA office. You can register at the raft: 303053

Wednesday April 30th
TAKE-A-PROF T0 DINNER

Time: 4 pm to 7 pm

Students can invite any faculty,
dine with them on the quads this nigh
the SA Contact Office as of today.

administration or staff member to
t. Tickets will be available FREE in

-—W-aw_-r  

 

  

 

 

