w.“ e
.. _ E Av—w.

2,»:

4 .. _—-—-._\..._~
_ “V2.4;

.95.,” .

4": ‘ Cg. ~ ~_

    
       
       
       
         
       
     
     
       
    
       
       
    
     
      
       
        
      
        
          
       
          
         
        
          
         
          
     
       
      
       
    
     
    
   
  
    
 

 

  
  
  

   
     
   
      
      
       
      

5
gr.

 

 

.. ...:..~.. .

Taking Flight:

Studying Abroad

by Thomas Decca
Only one year ago. I was a contmon stu-
dent attending Albany State University. I did
ordinary things like study. eat campus food.
then study some more. I was happy; I went
out on weekends and even occasionally had a
date. As my second year began. I decided I
was going to get involved with other aspects
of college life besides. or in replacement of,
partying and studying. It was a bright
outlook. but soon routirrcness set in and I
slouchcd to my old apathetic ways. No group
or association on campus intrigued me. This
lack of afﬁliation pressured me to salvage my
last form of responsibility which was
academics. Still l wanted more.

Then one day by chance l passed the Office
of International Programs. I'm not sure ex-
actly how. but probably on my way to the
library. I'd always wanted to go abroad. but
the realization of such a dream surely was
beyond my grasp. Well l decided that this
time I was going to go for it. I walked into the
ofﬁce and browsed through some literature. I
soon found out what I had already supposed.
’If an applicant was not bilingual choices were
limited. However. much to my surprise. there
were places l could go. At this point The
University of Copenhagen in Denmark
caught my interest. It was a Danish Universi-
ty. which offered a special department with
English instruction. Do you know where
Denmark is? Well I didn't exactly. In fact I
never really found out until after I had
already begun to apply to the program. As I
would find out later. this freak choice turned
into an educated guess. Copenhagen is the
capitol of Denmark. . . It contains 100.000
people otit of a total population of 5 million.
As you can tell it is a small country. This
smallness is conducive to the sharp classiness
of the atmosphere as well as the warm
cohesiveness of its inhabitants.

There were three simple parts to the tip-
plicatiori process. The first section deals with
filling out a brief standard form. iiiuclt like
the one we all filled out in applying to tr
S.U.N.Y. school. The next phase consisted
of getting three recommendations from your
present or previous professors. This part irr-
liibited me. because as I've already indicated.
l was an apathetic student. l'd been through

15 courses and rarely spoke to a professor out
of an academic context. This time I was
determined. and was pleased to discover that
all my professors were more than glad to
help. The ﬁnal step was having a copy of my
transcripts sent to Brockport University; the
host school offering the program.

Before I knew it there I was, Copenhagen.
Denmark. The next few weeks made me
realize just how perfect Copenhagen is for
the American student studying abroad.
Generally. Copenhagen like most of Europe.
is breathtaking by sight. cornplcmetitcd with
an abundance of ancient culture. More
specifically. there are other factors which are
especially corvenient to the visiting
American. Among these factors is that
almost everyone in Copenhagen speaks
English. This affords easy communication
with peers. while inducing a learning ex-
perience on both parts. Also Copenhagen is
centrally located in Western Europe and con-
veniently facilitates travel to the rest of
Europe.

I learned this through my numerous
journeys to thirteen different countries. Thr
transportation system via trairi is completely
efﬁcient and cheap. It consists of l00.000
miles of track all over Europe. From
Copenhagen. France is a mch l2 hours by
train, Holland 8. Greece 36. and England l4.
just to name a few. I went to Russia and
Africa by plane which is also a possibility.

Overall. the experience was the best thing
that ever happened to me. To go into detail
here would take tip this whole Newspaper. In
summary. my point is that learning and living
a new culture can surely give one a new
outlook.

llerc l am. one year later Itlld still a student
at Albany State. This year past. my ex-
periences have givcrt Inc a new frame of
reference. I went for it and now I‘m well on i
my way to making College a well rorrrrdcd ex-
perience. I'm looking forward to the upcom-
iitg semester. I’ve cleared my system of the
pressure that had built up inside me. Giving
this pressure a release has broadctrcd my til-
titudc and bridged the gap hctwccti making
College a common experience and an uncom-
rnorr one.

Viewpoint

 

 

Cause and Effect

'To the Editor:

During the past few months the United
States government has been confronted with
a series of crises. The government has been
unable to successfully meet these challenges

. and will be unable to do so because the
government is not correcting the root pro-
btcm, Some say that we should let this
government continue to crumble and work
for the historic change in the governmental
system of the U.S. that will make it a govern-
riicnt of the poeplc. A socialist-communist
revolution will eventually take place in this
country, cxpecially if the present form of
government refuses to take immediate. effec-
tive steps to curb our problems.

The root of most of our present political
and economic problems deals with one word:
energy. That is why a Soviet invasion into
Afghanistan is causing an utinccessarily loud
clamor among the administration.
Afghanistan’s only rcdecrriiiig value (to the
U.S.) is that it is located near the oil reserves
of the Middle East. Afghanistan doesn’t even
have any oil. but just being in that area raises
otir concern. (Imagine if the USSR invaded
Saitdi Arabia?)

The US. government is in a hopeless situa-
tion because it continues to rely on non-
renewable energy resources. Non-renewable
resources rise progressively in price, can easi-
ly be manipulated by foreign cartells and
domestic oil companies and are a constant
source of turmoil in the world. Renewable.
safe, clean solar energy leaves us with none of
these problems. (Maybe we don't use solar

energy because it would make the news bor-
ing). We could avoid a lot of anxiety if the
government adopted a significant solar
energy policy.

Solar energy is presently not as economical
as some conventional methods are. However.
these mctliod's prices will continue to rise.
while solar technology actually decreases in
price. when economics of scale are reached.
For example. photovoltaic solar cells can be
used to produce electricity for every home
and business in this country. Presently the
cost is too high because the production of
these materials is on a small inefficient scale.
If the government invested $440 million
towards the purchase of photovoltaic cells.
the increase iii production would be enough
so that tltc price would lower substantially. In
five years the photovoltaic cells would
economically be heating and providing etcc.
trrcity for buildings throughout the country.
willil” “VG Years we could be free of irri-
ported oil bills. international crises. wheat
erriburgocs. etc. and could then concentrate
oti solvrrig otir other domestic problems. like

 

 

VEARSM

 

ID'IHE

F-EIFFER

I WHOTHIMG FOR THREE

 

AW MV LEADERSHIP EATIMS
6055 OP

 

POLLS . ..

 

 

 

TtHE rote natures App

PEOVtDG WEPE$ A RlGH-r
“W6 7M? dotting

 

NOV W LEAVERS r
606$ mum to ll? “we I

RDLLS...

Mf- mom 5% p20

inemploymcnt. inﬂation and crime. Why are
m“

Afghanlslﬂﬂs more important tlttttt tlr
Americans? The government must realirc
that its purpose is to serve the people of tlric
comm“ Adopting a vigororrs solar encr S
policy would show a change in this rlircctioiry

— Kevin Quinn

First-Aid Hurting

To the Editor:

I recently completed the course in sttrnttmd
ﬁrst aid. Personal Safety turd Izrncrgcnry
Care, (EPEC 356). offered this tcrnr and
would like to offer a few comment» as \tcllru
bring up a matter that is of great torn-cm 1..
anyone who gives a damn about their life.

Firstly, I would like to recommend tlrrt
course to anyone who wants to get sorrretlrirrg
practical and useful otrt of their tour yctttinr
Albany. This course can absolutely \tt\‘c t'tm/
life as well as someone clsc's. the corn.
dinator. Bob Davis. and the rest of the stall
deserve a lot of credit for running this mum
without support from the Albany administrat-
tion. In spite of this the instructors Icttltllltt'tl
accessible to us and tried to explain
everything to us in eight short weeks eicti
though we did not receive our books until he
were three weeks irtto the course. I lch thu
did the best they could under the (its
cumstances. This course was a lot ol tun tllld
a lot of work and I came tint of it lccling hit
I knew something.

The only complaint I have is about thcttr
teen dollar unannounced tab the thrrt \tc wen
hit with when we attended class. [his money
was used to cover such things as guest irr-
structors fee. supplies tutti cqttipttrcttt. the
Red Cross offers this course lot tree. I lccl
this charge should have been at least in ptlll
covered by the school. That it. what lptry rur-
tion for.

It is now extremely doubtful whether this
course and the advanced one will he oll'cn-tl
next .term. This is due to
miriistrative hassles. payrucrrt tree/cs.
(including the check to the RL'tl t‘rms to pry
for our books). and just. as | |\i'rt.‘ci\e rt.
general hostility offered by SJLN i'.:\.

I sincerely urge the student populuiorr ltt
s“Wort this course and show their tlliy'lhl
that a course so real. so vital and «.o prntriml
to your everyday life can just be thrown to
the wayside like this. I tool. l|rt. rnrrrw
because I saw someone choke .tlrrl .onltlrr't
help them. You will never know tutu-It )t‘”
may be confronted with tr sittmtrorr th.u tllt‘v
ottt for someone with lirst rrirl lt.tItrtItt‘ or
when you yourself will need sorntouc \Hlll
that training. Wouldn’t it be Illtt to tile“
Illtll due to stttdctrt trptttlry tlrc «ll.lltti't try
that much less llltll sorrrcorrc \\|il ltv .tlth' I"
help you?

 

\trrious iltl-

hlmron ltlwt‘ltll

r

00 UOTHIMG to new

  

 

 

l
l
i
l

 

 

   

 

pizza. Co-op bagels, reﬁned sugar. or often
just dissolve some in a tumbler of cancer-
causing scotch. i

Everyone here is degenerating so fast that

The Super Sixty

“We interrupt our regularly scheduled pro-
gram..." _ the paper’s fooisoldiers are dropping faster
To the Editor: than ﬁles. No sooner do We become pro-
Thc shouts and jeers fill my hollow soul as poncnts of "unfitncss" then we fall down on
the Rams score another field goal. Half-time our faces dead. Just glance at the everchang-
for all and the Superbowl is put on hold. The ing Masthead.
worshippers' exodus front this seven-foot. As far as my immediate future is concern-
screen idol to the stout and moustached, red- cd. I plan to take a leave of absence and
vested savior; ali. yes. half-time has resur- spend sortie time in a. leper colony in Albany.
recicd the barkceper as he brings good cheer A trace of leprosy might go down nicely with
for all. Everybody is absorbed by this this malignant growth that stiddcirly sprouted
monstrous screen as the band plays, “The on my forehead.
Beer Barrel Polka." Noxious spirits fill the And I SitVOr Dina COIadnS‘
mugs and air of these nocturnal viewers as I __ Rib Harbcr
sit here With my colfcc. tlirtikrrrg of and ‘
needing yott. A young cotiplc to my right. cl- -
iirg and claw in ti passionate embrace; both  
are trying to score; both are anxious arid red
To the Editor:
Orr January IR. 1980. a letter to the editor
appeared in the ASP which insulted it

faced. Why our 1 sitting here watching this

bloody Los Arrgeles football ganre? Why
wonderful nation of people arid helped to
further the idea that the Irish people are

now. on this cold. bitter Sunday night? As I
sit here thinking of yotr. iniriuics tick away
and I wait. Where, oh where. is my dream- ,
of—drcams? Rather than watching this spor- ‘imnks' 'rrf’c' lhe" “handy have lhc‘fcl’llm-
live warfare, I Should be looking for you. tion but it is not true of all of the Irish peo-
ererc is my favorite friend; this trustworthy plc' “We. '5 “0 ghnrmgc Of New“ on ""5
and admirable acquaintance? Where is Dan Camp“? 1|” 1m” “‘3 f’Vchr‘den bmh 9'1'
Rather. Mike wallacc' Oh. and yes. Andy and olf-campus. bill it is not only the Irish
Rooney [007” Where are mesa solemn that pairontzetliesc places. flielctter touch-
fellows who IL.” US of our troubles? 0h. “60 ed on the problem of Irtteririg. especially that
Minutes!” I would wait an hour for y )u. of beer drinkers. More emphasis should have
_ Peter Bcrczny dwelt on that instead of the thirst lora drrrrk.
A thirsty O‘Connell is definitely an Iriin per-
son helping others to continue believing that
  all Irish people are dririiks. which is .an
overplayed sterotypc anyway. Also. the Irish
‘ citizens of America have just as riiuch right to
To "I." who" . . . be there as anyone else. A more appropriate

Tlrrs nonsense rs in rclcrence to Thomas mom) for u more important issue is naive

Martello's recent whim “The Lou Grant Irdand Back .0 me "ML"

Look" (12-7-79) iii which he shined alight on me one mshpcrson to another.

the journalist of the 80's and the qualifica- __ Laura J. Mchnk
tions necessary to maintain such a stigma. .

I'm specifically referring to the misuse of .
beverages of the alcoholic type. improper
dining customs. sleep shortages. iriiake of
fine tobticcos. and quick sex.

But first allow me to apologize for my late
response. I‘ve been lazy.

Before my hinge witli the Iiic. it scant five
years ago. I was in terrific shape. I ran four
to live miles each day (via hiin school track).
finished scvctitlr iii the lloston Marathon.
and ate nothing but nuts. raisins. and organic
buckwheat. Oh yeah. my pulse was forty-
live.

But today I'm a different man.

I was just plain l'cd tip with good health. I
prayed for It cold. or u cavity, or even a little
insomnia to break tip my daily routine. I was
going insane. My friends were all into yoga.
My girlfriend washed her hair six times a day.
Now I can look buck on this ordcul as a turn-
ing point in my life. II' I hadn‘t been so
healthy. I rniglri never have discovered the
ASP. ‘

If you‘re reasonably confused. I'll give it
hit of history. late night “tinfitncss” was
first pioneered by .-lH/’ Inc. in l‘)l(r when the
corporation stumbled on discoveries which
ltttVt: since rcvoliitiotri/cd tlrc journalistic
understanding of the lltlllttttl hotly and how
to hpr the chronically llCtIlllI)’.

When I first stopped staying iir slittpe. I
would feel sudden strong rrrgcs to do some
jumping jacks or deep knee bends. Yet the
concerned editors encouraged me to pop tip It
few nights a week thus tlissuutling me from
doing tllly such exercises rmd front eating
natural granola.

()ver ii perith of thrcc months I decreased
my daily mileage turd pace ttirtil it brisk urrihlc
from the composition roorrr to the ticWRI'UUIH
left me flushed tIIIil printing. Around the
same tlrrrc I was rrblc to take tip smoking
ugtiin. tliotrgli only low lttI‘ hrurrds. I‘m pleas-
cd to report that todtry I‘m up to three tracks
of L‘rrmcl unfiltered II day. (It takes it man to
face cancer.) I '

I“tlt)tl ctt 'etl u more serious problem. lllL‘
I’DA is cracking down so hard on cut-
cinogetrs llltll it's becoming harder to find the
right foods. llttl the stuff pulch lllltlill’dl'l“
the clutch. We've developed our own Nttvt‘ltll
chemical topping Itium'd t'ill'Citlt‘tll'tli'l‘“m“

 

Out of Context

To the Editor:
As the publicity committee of the SUNYA
Tusk liorcc on Women's Safety. we have
been carefully following the media coverage
of the Pine Ilills assaults. We have hccri irri-
pressed by the II and objectivity
displayed by the ASP. 'l‘bc tciripttrtion to sen-
sutionalizc the assaults and appeal to the
prurient interests of viewers. listeners. and
readers has been This type of
coverage shows sensitivity to the victim mid
recognizes rape is a crime of violence.
However. this careful upprotrch is under-
cut by the use of certain loaded words. For
example. the ASI‘ has used the words
"fondling" and “l’thl\lIcLl" to dcscrihe the
actions of the Pine IIills assailants. These
words convey a romantic image that is incon.
sistent with the violence Itlttl terror that
clrtiractct'i/c rupc turd attempted rape.
()rr I-‘ridtry. .Ituumry Ill. the .-l.S‘I’ made
reference to llrc “l’itrc llills 'l'ouclicr". We
particularly want to cull attention to the word
“touchet ." 'l‘lrc l’itrc llills attackers have not
only sexually assaulted. hirt httic tied. suf-
l'oculcd. mid we must not lotgci, rtipcd
women. We urge you not to triiuitrri/c the
danger of these rrrcrr by calling them anything
less llttttt :rtttrcltcrs or rapists.
-— the SUNY Tusk I-‘orcc on

Women's Safety

 

resisted.

 

We need your

written expression

    

  

       

Surviving the Life

". . . And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it‘ssinkr'ng. and rac-
ing around to run up behind you again. The sun is the same in the relative way. but
you 're older, and shorter of breath, and one day closer to death . . ."

Man did not invent time. he just gauged it. He stumbled onto such concepts as
change. past and memory, hence. the inability to control time was realized. So each
of us has now got seventy years to do it in. whatever “it” is. whatever seventy years
really are. Individual perceptions of those variables are not as important as the
universal constant of a moving clock, aging us. making events become history. tak-
ing otir lives. We can never control the passage of time. but we certainly have rule
over its use. '

They call tts students‘now. becartsc we‘re still on the road to find out, still waiting
to make our marks. waiting to fall in love, waiting with “our whole Iives~inlfr0nt of
us." And if it were forty years later and nothing had gone right. then one might say
that the life was a tragedy. that there were a lot of regrets, that it was too bad one
couldn't try again. And how many of you can say that if you look back over the first
twenty. you can’t find a thing to regret. something you would've wanted to take a
different course. something you wouldn’t have done?

All we are saying is to heed the tickitig clock. because when all is said and done.
things like fear. nervousness, stubbornness. and other temporary states may seem
fairly unimportant in a pool of regret. Getting old is a tottgli cnouglt busiticss
without things like “I should have dones" and “I’m sorry I did's” runtiing through
anyonc's mind as they reﬂect on their single life. a one shot existence iii which you
make it or you don‘t.

So if you warit to stay angry at someone you love and waste some of the unique
moments the two of you have here. then realize what you are doitig. and what you
may be subjecting you and that person to for the rest of your lives. And ifyou don’t
give something a go when you really warit to go for it. then realize how you may be
alteritig the course of your one life. and consider the consequences of that. If short
rtrii niiitd digressioris start affecting long run decisions. then the tragedy of living a
life that isn‘t really yours becomes riiorc of a possibility. Consider that.

And if you can control these short run entotions. and be yourself as you should
really be. then you will have power. A great frictid and mentor Masu Gaam has said.
“That is power. the power to be a part of life. iriiniortal life. not cooped up in a cell.
but free, free to grow leaves that will pass the sky and touch the stars. free to live. to
be a free living. self-determined creation."

One of man‘s great ironies is his ability to continue to do things that he knows
may be Iiurtirig Itini and others. and continue doing them. And he will continue still.
digging further into ruis and deeper pools of regrets. until this vicious spiraling ef-
fect draws to o horriffic close.

How to use the tiriic one rules is an individual decision. so please, consider all of
your options carefully. and study yourself to decide what’s best for you. And when
you come tip with an answer. don't let anything petty. like the mood you’re in that
day, get iii the way.

Tomorrow may be another day, btit that’s just it: Today will never ever come
again.

 

A gﬁp

Jay B. Glooen. fi-tfllttl'flltfftlt'l
Ron Levy. Richard Behor. Managing Ifiirtors
. . . . . . . . . . . Michele Israel

News Editor . , . .
Assoclute News Editors. . . . . . I..rur.i l:|t)It'ltllltlt. Sylvia Saunders
Aspects Editor. . . Stuart Mutton-Jo
Assoclnte Aspects Editor Bob ()'lhrtrn
Sports Editor. . . . . . . . . . I’nul Schwartz
Associate Sports Editor. lioli Iii-lluhorc

Editorial Pages Editor . Sit-yon liolrrilt
Sluffwrlfers: (‘lrtnlt's “1‘”. Put littrrtli'v. Arrthi'iv (Urritrll. Koren I'rt'rr. Milit' l'rit'tl. Mot-teen
(it'ltlilt'. l d (itnrtltlhtti. ltrrrv Kolur. Debby Killif. Sirstm Milltittur. Mlt’lu'lli' Moi'lttt'll. lititliyt I’r'rilli.
litrlwrttt litt‘it'llliilllllt. .lt'll .‘n'lrtitltrll. Built Si-xt-r, Artur Stultli. l)t‘lil)l\‘ Sttrttlr Zodiac and
.l.mrrr' Kit'lll News Editor Emeritus: fiiorr Smith
Dabble “turf. liitsutr'ss [\ltitnup't

r

Preview: t'.uol Vullr.
\tt'vr' tirrltlsti'ur
I tsu t\]1|lil'litllllll

lit'rrtm' lirtiwrr. Miritiirr Rospler
I'rurr tiliii-iltert

Advertising Manager

Billlnu Accountant
Asuislnnl Accountants

Composition Manager

Stiles: Hit It St-Iursorr. Hit I. St lttrlrltli't Classifier! Manager: Iiohrrr lilorlt Composition: Mike
Mr Donald. Mario Iiitun lu. hltrrrluu Mosltoivii/ Advertising Production Manager: Sue
lltiuurnurr Advertising Production: lidith lit-rulsorr. Mill‘lt' Arurr' (Itrlirvrto. 'llmmry Geiger. day
(ioldsiorrr. l’i-irrry (iii-t-rrstt-rir. ltutli Miusdi'rr. Miltt- Mt'llotrolrl. .on Prefer. Steve Robins Office
Coordinator: liw-lvri Illlr‘i Office Staff: liormre Stevens. Stow Roblrrs

 

Jordon Melzger. Rob Gruhmon. I‘totitu'tron Munngcts
Eric Kali, Vincent Alello. Elisa Beck. Assot'ititt' Production Managers

Dave lienjtiriiiri
. lltnilt's Clilclt

Vortlcill Camera
Typist Extraordinaire

Polite-up: Llenr lionrjiruno. Mntiu lltlilillltl. .loy |:Il\'iill|dll Typlslu: [inst-tinny Ferraro. liobiri
(ioldhurgj. (Itrrol 1 Islam, SI’PII'IIIlH'I' Klein. Ih-hblt' Limb. Wuvrrv Roberts. Znil Stirlil. Laurie Walters
Proofreader": lirwlu-l (Tolrurr. Sue Lichtenstein. Chauffeur: 'l'om Snltna

Photography, ottppllt’il prurrtpullp liy l/ttlttt'rsllt' Photo Service

Established l916
'I'ln' Alhurrit Stitdi'nl l’rcss ls published every 'I‘ut'sdoy turd Flttftttt during the srhool \‘t'tll lit- the
Album] Student l’russ t‘otporutlon. int lllifi’lil‘lltft'lll. littlvftir-prtiltt illgjtltttrtitfltlll. lldtlonul policy is
lfl'fl’llllfllt'lf luv the lirlltur-int‘lni-l und ls subject to rt-ttti-ut by the lfilrtoruil Itotntl Illuiling Address"
Allumjt Student I'u-ss. (.‘(,‘ 31."). Hill) Washington (\ttih. {\ffltlllll. NY 113131.12
' ‘ tfrlb') 4513302

 

 

 

 

 

 

Isn’t it nice to be needed?

 

   

 

our little to little I sprinkle on It

   

   

 

    
    
    
    
     
     
      
  
   

 

  
     
    

 
 
 
     
 
 
  

 
    
 
  
  
 
     
   
     
      
    
 
     
 
   
    
    
      
     
 
  

 
  
  
  

 
 

   

