   

 

 

.m-‘am.

 

1

 

“is.-.

 

 

Whar's rile besr wa'v ro go
to senior: week fon lace?

WIN!) The Class of '81
T-slrinr design & slogan contesr.

Design a T-shirt or come up with
' a slogonfor our senior year

151 prize 2nd prize
$25.00 $19.81
.worth of Worth of

senior week tickets se'nior week tickets

 

Bniuq‘youn mimics ro rite SA ofﬁce (CC! 16) Oucsrrous?

 

Call Garry Sckarsky on Funk BairMAN AT 7-8088

BENEFIT CONCERT

featuring
Members of The

PAUL WINTER CONSORT

Jlm Scott, Nancy Ftunbei, Eugene Frlesen,
Ted Moore. and Susan Osborne
Fr/., November 14, 1980 8p.m.
at
Page Hall
(SUNYA’S Downtown Campus)
Tickets: $5 in advance; $6 at the door.
Available at: C.B.O.. Just-A-Song, Ribbon Grass, Cathy's Wat‘t'lc Stim-
Free Child Care \

' FOR THE

MUSlC MOBILE

For reservations and iniot t .ttion Call:(518)438-4851

 

 

 

 

'lfﬁwentberil,1980 g , .  ..
(bristle (on: Another Audience

 

 

  

,The' Math Student’s
Association’s
.P‘uzzle Seminar will
meet Wed. NOV. 12
int 4:00 in E5132A.~
Tupi?

 

 

 

Billiard problem,

 

 

 

 

‘ TODAY

Reception for students
interested in a

Second Field
in
Urban Affairs

or
Ill-ban & Regional
Planning
Tuesday Nov. 11 3:00 - 5:00 pm
Social Science 137A
Coffee, donuts and information
will be provided

 

 

 

 

 

mg: g Q104wemome

 MOON

D c omc. Sound

Sn FUNDED

 

FRtoAY NOVEMBER 21“ 8100 m
  'F Edet to FCQLh taxi SUNYH loos

TtCKE‘tS HVPHLHBLE m-
Recove Coop ﬂ) !
PMQLLBDX Dulce
3.03%- A- Song .5 .

w iTH THY CAR
(one meter PERTR‘L We}

IN ‘T—H".Ew\ ‘_—FIRST "

AREA AEPEARA’NCE

‘aik.

ANDTHE
VENS

Seconds oi— Pleasufe
EEK bf TOUripcj

iii.

w tTHOUT
6?

 

'75

 

 

 

. gatha Christie's ninety-odd novels
Qﬂare almost constantly In print. Her-
cule Poirot and Miss Marple.

known to millions through the books and the
films based on them are her most enduring
creations.'That she also wrote fifteen plays
seems a more obscure fact. Still, Mousetrap

has been playing for a good twenty years in ~

one London Theatre, and Witness [or the
I I '

Jim Dixon

~Prosecution. written by Miss Christie in
1954, was filmed by Billy Wilder and was
nominated for four Academy Awards. A
new production of Witness, directed by
W.A. Frankonis. is currently being staged at

W. i 1'

 

   

   

  
   

the Empire State Youth Theatre institute in
the main theatre at The Egg. Never really
believable, Agatha Christie, at her vintag/e
best with Witness, is still as much fun as
when these things were brand new.

The Frankonls production . Is a period
piece, following Christie's original script. Ac-
cording to production notes, the only
change is the combination of two minor
characters into one. This is an old-fashioned
Christie whodunit._in which the audience is
given the clues to the identity of the criminal
at the same time as the sleuth. Rather than a
detective. the hero is a lawyer who unravels
the case in his office and the courtroom.

The hero, Sir Wilfred Robarts. Queen's
Counsel, is presented with a young man

     
  

-ttt..

I“ . - .t  l; I '
Tom Plotto and Richard A. Walsh in Witness For The Prosecution. It. I
typical Agatha Christie plot: whoever couldn't have done It. did It.

Q n. I. E

Aopccu on T" "

 

'

,about, to be arrested for the murder of an
elderly spinster. The young m'an, who is in
financial difficulties, has plenty of motive as
the splnster had recently changed her ‘will,
making him the major beneficiary. His alibi
rests solely on the testimony of his wife. who
is going to appear as a witness for the pro-
secutlon.

Christie's plot twists tend toward the in-

credible. her dialogue tends toward the“

overblown, and her characterization seems.
at times. to be two dimensional. Yet the
puzzles she creates are much like watching a
game of "Clue" being enacted on the stage.
Certainly murder was never really this much
fun, but murder is never really the point for
Christie anyway. Her novels were always
bloodless. The killings always took place off-
stage. Her stories always emphasized the dif-
ference between the suspense thriller and the
.mystcry. Suspense usually comes from
knowing who did it. in a mystery the fun ls
trying to figure out who did it.

While it would be pure sadism to give the
ending away. it is fair to say that the solution
falls easily into the usual category applicable
in a Christie mystery: whoever couldn't have
done it did lt..lee several of.her works.
there's an almost 0. Henry plot twist at the
end. All expectations are reVersed, and
purists may scream that it isn't fair —— l’li
stand by this plot and say that it is. Consider-
ing the context of the courtroom. she plays
by the rules.

The production itself is well done. though
i could voice a few complaints. The acting is
variable: John Thomas McGuire iii, an
Albany State graduate who plays Sir Wilfred,
is consistently good In a part loaded with old-

fashioned Britilth mysogeniSm. Torn Pledo,
as the defendant, seemed to want to chew
on the, scenery at times. The ending, which i
.won't give away, Justified this to a point.
,Jeanne Vigilante, excellent as the pivotal star
witness, snuck up as a stand out (she had
.the best part. by the way). Frankonis' direc-
tion was adequate, though during some of
I the exchanges In Sir Wllfred's office, i felt
people were being required to move about
too’much to keep energy in a scene that
moved fine by itself.

These flaws are minor. They never
hampered the enjoyment of the play, which
is quite-well-produced. The set is built on a
revolving platform, which has Sir Wilfred's
office on one side and a courtroom at "The
Old Bailey" on the other. The scene changes
usually drew applause from the audience.
Lighting and costuming were consistently
professional.

No one will ever claim that Witness for the
Prosecution is theatre a la Shakespeare. it's
.an entertainment. But this is a term all too
often used to deprecate. The creation of
good entertainment is hardly a negligable
feat. This is a fun play and the production is
professionally done. Local audiences don't
get that many opportunities to see things like
this, and should be grateful for the chance.

The [38le production of Witness for the
Prosecution will be shown at 10:00 am.

‘ Wednesday. November 12th through Frl-

day, November 14th. and at 7:30 p.m.
Wednesday and Friday nights. Tickets are
only $4.00 apiece. While you have the
,chance, go. it's a charming puzzle and a fun
sort of courtroom drama that never seems to

'd

lose its appeal.
t

llew 'I'urn For Women In Films

mm the outside, Kate Gunzinger

( ; scents to have broken all the
molds. She is a math professor
respected for her mind by her family and her
older, male colleagues. She's moving up in
the academic hierarchy and she's working
on a project that may make her famous. She
lives with a man who “gives her space" and
is willing to let her be herself. Yet despite ap-

Mark Rossier

pearanres. Kate Gunzlnger is still working
things out. She feels vaguely dissatisfied,
and she can't get over the old notions abut
love and marriage. She wants all the
unknowns in the equation of her life to be
solved; in short, she wants to be happy, but
she's unsure at what price.

It's My Turn has been criticized because
Kate really doesn't have to pay much of a
price for anything. Her choices in the movie
seem to be between happy for at least
satisfied) and happier. She can continue
teaching at a university in Chicago or take an
administrative post in New York.

As for men. It's between Horner and Ben.

 

.t

  

 

' stated}:
Claudia Weill (I) director. and Jill
Clayburgh. co-oiar of It's My Turn.

Homer is her'llve-in lover in Chicago. He‘s
funny, kind, understanding. and not in the
least threatened by Kate's brains or career.
Ben. her step-brother whom she meets
when she goes to New York for her father's
wedding. is slightly sexist. but more emo-
tional and romantic.

Poor Kate must choose between the two
(fairly) good men and two jobs in two nice
cities. Most modern women should have it

this tough. Men are often confronted with

these impossible cinematic choices and we
just accept it. but when it happens to a
woman. the film is suddenly unrealistic and
greedy. Even the title appears to be saying
it's about time women were given the same
options ~ even if they are exaggerated.

This is basically a feminist~oriented fan-
tasy, and it works extremely well as such. it
does, however. incmporatc many of the
problems of the genre, For one thing, it's dif-
ficult to get involved with the characters
because their problems are so minimal. We
like Kate, Belt. and Homer. but only
because Jill Clayburgh. Michael Douglas,
and Charles Grodin are such charismatic
performers. it's difficult to relate to them
because we have so little in common. but in
spite of this. or maybe because of it. the film
succeeds as a kind of poor man's
Philadelphia Story. It's My Turn doesn't at-
tempt to work on a realistic level. so perhaps
it is unfair to judge it on one. Yet even if we
accept the patness of the plot. It's My Turn
still has a few weaknesses.

Clayburgh and Douglas seem to have pro-
blems working together. The chemistry bet—

,wecn them isn't right and l'm not sure where

the problem lies. I suspect the trouble is with
Douglas' character (but not Douglas' perfor-
mance). Ben is not an exceptionally in-
teresting person. He is arrogant, shallow,
and chauvlnlstic. He's a prematurely retired
baseball player, unsure about the course of
his life. We can see why Kate would be at-
tracted to him, but the relationship never
seems to click.

Abstract as it may be. the main fault ofthls
movie is that everything happens too abrupt-
ly. Kate falls in love with Ben‘the second day
of how trip. and she’s suddenly ready to

 

sacrifice everything for him. The process Is
reversed for Ben. who is at first enamoured.
and later cools. The ending also seems hurv
ried — as if the filmmakers wanted to leave
Kate's decision vague. but not too vague.
Yet. for all these difficulties, It's My Turn is
an admirable film if only because it was writ-
ten and directed by women. Like Priuate
Benjamin, It's My Turn gives us a mature.
likable, independent woman, and I don't
think it's a coincidence that both films have
women in major roles behind the camera.
Claudia Weill, who directed Girlfriends.
helps Eleanor Bergstein's problematic but
witty script over the rough spots. Also in-
teresting is the fact that both films have
female executive producers —— Goldie Hawn

for Priuate Benjamin and Jay Presson Allen
a c .. k, . .

 

for this one. What all this seems to be saying
is that if women are going to be presented
well on the screen. they are going to have to
get invulud in the creative process. The
question remains, however. whether or not
the studios will let them try.

It's My Turn Is an enjoyable, though not
completely successful film. its points are well
made and well taken, and Jill Clayburgh
gives one of her best performances. Yet for
some reason it doesn't seem to gel.
Clayburgh's strong decisiveness. Douglas'
grudging acceptance. and Grodln's laid back
modernism don't look like they belong
together. it's obvious that everyone involved
wants to get across the same message — it's
unfortunate they all have a different way of
saying It. 0

 

 

A ' . F‘, '

k ~ 2 w. s;

“ 
' . 5 ."

m.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

