One. More Time

Reagan Column Refuted

Mark Mnntog

Mr. Shapiro's "eloquence"
(ASP.October [4) has appeared to turn
auite auickly into smugness. He has thrown
down the gauntlet when he commented
that “Mr. Jay Cohen . . . did not endorse
any candidate . . . " and I accept the
challenge. Let me state at the outset that l
support the only mndidate currently runn-
ing for President who has been the Presi-
dent for four years. Jimmy Carter.

Before turning to the Caner record of
both achievement and failure. allow me to
address myselfto the porous arguments of
Jeffrey Shapiro. He begins his rebuttal by
stating that “Marsixm has been discredited
both theoretically and historically." What
does that mean? Marxism has not been
discredited in either manner you mention
for the simple fact that Marxism has yet to
be tried.

True, Leninism. Castroism. Kuddaﬁism.
Maoism. et. al. are loosely based on Marx’s
theories but. by Marx's own deﬁnition. all
of these experiments will eventually fail
"Marxism" is an end result of a historical
process (based on Hegel's dialectic theory
of action. reaction, synthesis) that is ongo-
ing. Many serious scholars feel that the
world will eventually be under one single
government and economic system. This is
what Marx spoke of. I

In connection with Mr. Shapiro‘s attack
on Marxism. he somehow associates
“Central Planning Committees" with the
“Communist system." Central planning
committees are necessary to Communism.
Socialism. and many democracies (France.
Japan. West German. and Great Britain all
hate "planned" economics). as well as all
of the big corporations that Ronald Reagan
loves to love.

The “free market system" that Mr.
Shapiro refers to so glowingl) hasn‘t existed
since it caused the “Great Depression" of
the l930‘s. Reagan is shrewd enough to
speak of “free markets“ because he knows
that many Americans respond patriotically

r the term. In reality Reagan would (he
..iys) litnit foreign imports of steel and
autos (from Great Britain. West Germany.
trance. and of course Japan) an economic
«tancc closer to I8th century ntercantilisrn.

In regard to Mr. Shapiro's taking excep-
tion to the "liberal attitude on religion.“ he
is right as far as he goes. He does not.
however. go far enough. so please allow inc

to. No religious morality should be
legislated . . . period. When Mr. Reagan
advocates an anti-abortion amendment to

the Constitution. he fails to see that he ad-

vocates enforcing the position of the few on
. the many. Reagan may (or may not) be cor-

rect in his moral position but the Constitu-
tion is no place to legislate morality. the
home is the place for that.

Reagan is considered “anti-women"
because he and his platform are anti-ERA.
Reagan’s defense ofthis position is typical-
ly condescending and simplistic. It smells of
the “Of course I like women. l married one
didn't I" philosophy of his generation.
Reagan claims equal rights is a states issue.
(In this instance Reagan abandons his con-
cept ofa United States “placed between the
two seas as a shining city upon a hill" —— I
wonder if Canada and Mexico are jealous
of us.) He claims that ERA wouldn't solve
anything anyway.

A law requiring that over half of our
population be treated equally wouldn't
solve anything? Maybe some men would
regard all women as inferior after ERA. but
at least their attitudes would not be allowed
to hold back anyone from achieving her (or
his) full potential. How does Governor
Reagan think blacks felt before Civil Rights
Legislation was passed?

Lastly. there is “Reaganomics” (which.
yes I will bring out the standard attack line
-— even his own running mate called
“voodoo economics"). “KempRoth tax
cuts combined with ‘a comprehensive
assault on waste and inefficiency" in
gowrnment spending will produce. . a 2.3
billion dollar surplus by I983." Ewry
presidential candidate. who has ever run for
the ofﬁce. has proposed tax cuts and an end
to “wasteful spending."

Gavetnor Reagan promised this same
formula (tax cuts. followed by waste cuts.
followed by a huge surplus) when he ran for
the California Executive’s chair. Once in
ofﬁce. he raised taxes by the largest margin
in that state's history. then cut laws and
provided a surplus. He neglected to cut
"wasteful spending" and neglected to men-
tion that he would frst ban: to raise taxes
before he could cut thcni. Would he do this
again?

Mr. Shapiro and Capital Donn: Friends
of Ronald Reagan: l uould “ deft—rid
the President‘s record of air . s and
.tdntit where he lra~
takes such a long it:
Ronald Reagan. that
issue to deal ‘Alllt ll.)

If there is Sulfur
lclense. then 1 art': 5

fats-J.

 

nncr date.

viewpoint

I

Working For Safety
To the Editor:

Both the Physical Plant Department and
the Public Safety Department carry major
responsibilities for ensuring a reasonable
level of safety at our three campuses. i say
reasonable because unreasonable people
can disrupt the best plans and frustrate our
efforts very easily.

One needs only to make a few casual
observations to realize that not everyone is
safety conscious or concerned with the
other person's welfare.

The management and staff in the Divi-
sion of Finance and Business have been
concerned with the safety of faculty. staff
and students. That concern transcends safe-
ty codes and minimum requirements. It
seems propitious to replay a tape of recent
efforts and summarize what we are presunl-
ly undertaking to improve our living and
working environment.

Over the last two years, we attempted to
stress safety and security through such ef-
forts as:

’ Each semester. walking the academic
podium and quadrangle areas, ad-
ministrators and students alike. to identify
trouble spots with lighting. Many areas
were provided with extra lighting and such
actions as trimming the lower limbs of
evergreens were intended to improve
visibility. There is more to do. but im-
provements are real.
° Fire safety precautions in the dormitories
were addressed in a number of ways:
Smoke detectors have or soon will he in-
stalled in all bedrooms, protective boxes
were mounted to cover fire alarm boxes. li-
quid extinguishers have been replaced in
many areas and a host of speciﬁc actions
taken to ensure a greater degree of safety.
False alarms haw been cut in half and we
have other indicators that students actively
share our concern for their safety.
' Within available funds. many corrective
steps have been undertaken to enhance our
mutual safety: the asbestos problem has
been corrected (while tltc potential hazards
identiﬁed were few in number. it has been
costly to 'corrcct deficiencies). inspections
have highlighted problems with many
already corrected and capital construction
funds have been requested to correct other
problems.
. A student patrol has bccn irislitulcd \villt
ardent support from filal’l) students.

'1 Alumni Quad was improved

uttlt the LUUPL‘fﬂllUll of thc

 

; .liatrgcs were made to
.. ll} oi the handicapped
‘ (if! Clitllt‘llllit‘lll meC CO“-

patti. ular tit-eds.

 

 

The litany of speciﬁc items could go on
and on if l were to research ﬁles rather [him
work from memory. The point is thrtt
employees of my Division. particularly the
Physical Plant and Public Safety. have
made concerted efforts to make us safe. It
costs not only time but money. each well
spent. There is much more to be ac-
complished!

Presently, in addition to countless ongo-
ing safely inspections and corrective ac-
tions. we are engaged in some particularircd
efforts:

' Since the semester started. there has been
a mounting concern for safety at the Drrtpcr
Complex. The recent incident and attack on
a female student precipitated the following
course of activities: (1) Lighting has been
improved within the past few days arid
within the near future there will be signifi-
cant improvements both on Western and
Washington Avenue sides of Draper.
Rebulbing has commenced; additional
lighting is being ordered. (2) A student
patrol team will be assigned to Draper iii the
evening. (3) Escort is available as offered ill
the October 8th memorandum froin Public
Safety. (4/ Emergency phones will hL'
ordered. (5) The security watch tiott
available but housed in the basement will he
relocated to the main floor. (6) Ollth
possibilities are being explored.

' The bltte light emergency phone system is
just about ready. The cost is $l0.000 plus
many work hours.

' We have an aCllVC student patrol of 25
committed students. We will try to expand
the force, as resources allow. to make it it
more meaningful experience and rtiaitimi/e
its usefulness.

' Bus schedules have been adjusted
resulting in a twenty percent increase in lltc
nutnber of runs between uptown tttitl
downtown. With less drivers (down too
FTE through budgetary reductions). thtit's
a feat of good management and hard work
by our drivers.

' We recently made additional lighting int»
provements in and around Alumni ()uutl;
others are imminent.

° Many specific programs have been in

.stituted and sponsored by lllL' Ad “Us

Committee on Women's Safety which I

commissioned last year. It is a very actin-
and productive committee.

This letter is written to summarize for
your readers some extra safety stcps \\C
have and are pursuing and at the sztnic lllllt'.
respond to it few acusatory rcrtitirks lllrtl
taint the image of sortie very hard working'
and devoted employees irt my Division.

l have personally walked the campuses at
night. Yes! There are trouble spots with
lights. Many have bccit lit — others \vtll ht-
improved — others will require a lrttlhlllv
sion of thousands and thousands of dollars

 

 

LIBE‘K, lT WUT
HY (WA 1716

 

7H?! mm “5
V» tlJTO

I’M NOT! lot) W

n “42117;

L

’ 9mm

Mr. (luv inn-arr- mare

 

 

 

from the State of New York.

1 ﬁnd myself worrying about how much
we have done, or will do and will it be
enough to safeguard life and property. But
i and the people of my Division will commit
ourselves to trying our best. We ask you to

shoulder your share of the safety respon-
sibility for it is everyone's business.

—John A. Hartlgtin
Vice Presidenl for
Finance and Business

 

Letter Policy

‘" tire Tuesday for it Friday Issue.

 

End Friday for it Tuesday issue. Material
must be typewrlllen, double-spaced, and in-
clude the wrlter's name and phone number.
Anonymous letters will not be printed —
however, names will be withheld upon re-
quest. Drop them off In “Letters” box in
CC 329 or call the Editorial Pages Edllor at
438-4262.

Goon...

get pissed . . .

and put it in a letter.

 

 

 

Independent—

On November 4th this country will elect a
president for the next four years. For most
of you this will be your ﬁrst presidential
vote. What the two parties offer you is not
a pleasant prospect. but you cart convert it
into a great opportunity.
1 rim running for the presidency precisely
because i reject the cynicism that says a
single vote won't change anything. I do not
regard rny candidacy as a wild dream. biit
rather as a chance for a change. The court-
try is ready for one. Over one half the
population has told pollsters that they are
unhappy about the dismal choice facing
them at the polls next itionth. And severity-
five percent of the people iii your age group
~— 18-24 — expressed dissatisfaction.
My candidacy offers a difference. Yoti
do not have to accept what is cynically of—
fered to you. You need not throw away
your first vote on one candidate, whose
demonstrated incompetence is air interim-
tional scandal. or on the otltcr. who seeks
to return to a mythical America he thinks
existed before you were liorti.
in 1976 Jimmy Carter’s slogan was
"Why Not The Best?" Such tr .slogrin may
sound arrogant. bill I believe tlittt programs
and policies which address themselves not
only to the immediate needs of the next
four years btit to the coming decades. are
indeed “the best“ iti I980.
Nothing separates your generation front
mine more than tltc energy Crisis. i grew tip
iii an age when crict‘gy costs were cheap,
and energy reserves were thought to be iri—
finitc. The stark fact for your generation is
that energy is expensive. and its sources are
shrinking. year by year. We must achieve
self-sufficiency by reducing our (lepcritlcncc
upon foreign oil and developing tiltcrntitivc.
renewable sources of energy. lint this will
come only it] time. For the present we must
conserve what we have. 1 propose to raise
the auto ftth economy standard to 40 mpg
by I995, to enforce strictly the 55 mph
speed limit. to encourage retrofit programs
and thc ttsc of cogenct'tititin systems by iti—
(ltrstry. All sectors of Artictican life must
contribute to this new conscrvrttioti ctliic.
More than a year ago 1 proprist
something which may sound harsh, bill
which iii the long rtttt may help to solve oiti
problem: it SO-ccnt per gallon conservation
tax on motor fuels. llcsidcs encouraging
energy conservation. this tax will provide
revenue to reduce Social Security taxes by
fifty percent and to increase Social Scctrrity
benefits. Those of you who work unders-
tand the bite that Social Security now takes
out of your paycheck. Those of you with
relatives over 65 understand the low .slttll-
dard of living which the so-called benefits
of Social Security impose on senior citizens.
One solution for alternative energy litts
been nuclear power. But the future of
nuclear energy is contingent upon ottr abili—
ty to resolve safety and waste disposal pro-
blems. If the nuclear industry cannot find
solutions to these problems. no new plants
should be built and existing ones should he
retired. The growth of nuclear power will
“'50 depend oti its relative cost and projec-

 

Speaking About Issues

John B. Anderson

tions of the need for new generating capaci-
ty. I believe that America's energy problem
is part of a larger, global energy problem
and the .-.r ‘.rtions we enact must recognize
that fact. For the sake of peaceful world
development and our own national securi-
ty. we cart and should be providing leader-
ship in finding solutions to the energy pro-
l)lClll.

Our country cannot rctaiti its position of
international leadership williout a strong.
vital and expanding economy. Abroad, the
dollar's iriliucncc has diminished. At home.
its value is sixty—nine percent of what it was
when the Critter Atlttiitiistrntion took office
four years ago. There is no quick fix for this
problem. But surely the solution is not
more inlhilion. more unemployment —~ or.
may l add. higher tuition. Our economy
needs a complete renewal and ntodcrnirti-
tion. As soori tlh l take office next January.
I pltm to call business and labor leaders
IOgL’lllCl’ to discuss the best means to
achieve it set of voluntary wage-price
guidelines. And I will propose tax reforms
that will toward those companies that citi-
plittsizc research and development effort on
the pioneering edges of technology.

Our efforts to rcvittili/c the economy
must not he nlloivcd to sidctttick the fight
for social justice iii this country. The ugly
introduction of rttcisni into this campaign
by the other two candidates only shows how
far the btrttlc is front hcing won. I have
shown my conimittiicnt to justice titltl civil
rights iii the ptist rind I will continue to do
so. One of the most pressing mnttcrs cori-
l'ronliitg the cause of social justice is the
question of cqtttil rights for women. 1 ant
dccply committed to seeing this principle
enshrined in tlic ('ortstitution with the
passage of The l€t|unl Rights Anietidnicttt.
As President. I will use the inﬂuence of rtiy
office to urge pttssiigc tititl cnl’otcctticnt of
this measure.

Among the frcctloiits \vc should till ctijoy
is that of choosing it career in pcticctimc
without government interference. I believe
we made the right decision eight years zigti
when we shifted to it voltttittiry tll‘tlty. l op-
pose a peacetime draft. We must. however.
be willing to provide adequate compensa—
lioti for those who choose it career ill the
military so that we can attract and keep
qualified people iii a voluntary lll'llly.‘

'l‘hcsc ill‘L‘ just at few of the many issues
you should consider irt choosing your can-
didate for president. l am running its air iti-
dcpcndcnl because 1 liclicvc ticitlicr major
Willy is offering you it credible candidate.
Attcr rtiontlis of campaigning. I have found
that Americans are willing to sacrifice for
the cotnruort good if the htirdctt is fairly
slurred. Working together we can bring new
vitality to otir lives and to our land. We can
restore credibility and competence to public
life.

 

Knickpicking On Students»

We were certainly surprised and .shoeked after reading a recent Knicker~
backer News editorial concerning Albany students’ local voting rights. The
newspaper was liigltly critical of student voting power, but their arguments
were hardly convincing.

implying apathy on the part of students, the editorial opens with the state-
ment “it doesn’t appear that students took advantage of the ruling by register—
ing before last Saturday's deadline." What it cleverly fails to mention is that
thousands of students had already been forced to register in their parents’
districts——long before there appeared the slightest hope of winning local rights.
They had filed applications for absentee ballots—an act that was irreversible.
it was hardly a sign of student apathy or carelessness. Mr. Knickerbocker. Just
wait ’til next election time.

The newspaper also argues that students "often have no ties to and little in-
terest” in their school’s communities. Not only is this statement fallicious. but
it is clearly an insult to college students at large. Albany students reside here
for ten months out of the calendar year. Students pay taxes here. They are
counted in the community‘s census—for which the community receives more
money—and they spend enormous sums of cash iii this city. These are called
"ties." The same cannot be said for activity in their parents’ districts. And.
concerning the notion of community interest, we don't think students have any
less such interest than the average townspcrson. Students hold jobs here. they
pay rent. some work part-time or on a voluntary basis in local government af-
fairs. and many take part in community service. And mostly. students know
the laws of the land here because they are forced to live by them. Their
presence in the community is obvious and important.

The Knickerbocker News also feels that students “are more likely to settle in
their hometowns. where their ties are" after graduating. Although we doubt
this. we cannot be certain either. But it would seem to us that the last place
students will choose to live after college is Hometown. N.Y. It’s an interesting
question, and the ASP will certainly look into this.

A final argument of the editors is that they. like most permanent citizens
here. don‘t like “the idea of a free-floating student power bloc. . .with a ques-
tionable amount of local consciousness." First. such a bloc may never see the
light of reality. The media, politicians, and townsfolk ofteti look at students as
if they are clones of a common pltilosopliy. One ttnil. This notion is far from
true and is really quite dangerous. Students have diverse ideologies. various
political concerns and aims. and will most probably vote differently. Second.
how about giving us a chance at “local consciousness?” Students won their
right to vote here only a week ago. lri time. student leaders and student media
will educate the student body on local politics and issues. We will raise the cori-
sciousn'css.

What. then, are they so afraid of? Perhaps they are fearful of the effect such
a large voting population will ltavc on the outcome of elections. And maybe
they don't want to have to deal with it new constituency. Too bad. Thank
justice that it was the court. not the city or newspaper, that was entrusted with
the power to make the decision.

So students. rejoice! We have been recognized. Begin to learn the politics
l‘.t.'l‘L‘ and study what local leaders are preaching. Let them be fearful. And let
them start facing up to a bratid new and enthusiastic constituency. one that ltas
been so unjustly neglected in elections past.

 

 

Students have the biggest strike in the
election. What lirtpperts in 1930 will affect
not only the rest of my life. but the rest of
yours as well. Staying away frorri the polls
will not help your future. Voting your cons-
cicttcc will.

Entabll-hcd In I916
Rich Bolt-r. ltlrrm m t‘tiwl
Ilob E. Grub-Iathtruttrrrrng l tltlttl

Syn... Sritltltluts
Amt”... tumult. sir-.m Mirror”. tion Sclt'l
lloltl rlr‘lsls'tll. littltriltl Levy
rllhtlllit' Wt'llli'l
. tart l‘rtiltn
s...- Gutln'r
llrrtmld l.l!\'v
“till liclltilhitr'
tutu. llrtspcl. Lotiylirrlnt
sit-mm (irt'utlltutu
. MtlcltcllA Gluubt'l

ano Editor

AuoeI-t- New. Edltor-
ASPceI- Edllnnr

Alnoclnll AHPIctn Edltor

Sound I Vlllon

Cn-tlv- Art-

Dnllan I Lev-Jul
Sports Edllor

Aland-I- Sport: lidllou
Edltorl-l Faun Edllnr
Copy lidltor

Hialfwrllorlz 'lttrn llorrliolro. I'atrir to tltrrrtlrvy. llt‘llt ('aorrrrrirutri. Kt‘ti ('rrritor. Mlt lint-l Cmiricrr. .ltrii Dorm. Jtrtltc Etserthetrj. Mark
list ltt'lll. “llltl' lox. Milllll‘t'll (loony. l tank .1 (iii .1: .Kr-ri (ittrtlrirr. Wtuinc could. I lit titulwr. Matthew llarlttrrtl. Wendell llr-rl-
tlrrn. Mllltl'lt’ Israel. .lrrritr's .lrillv. Amy Killlllti. i any ltrritrritrrt. turn I trsltlt.llltttc l r-vy. .lririu-s Mrirltritsts. Wriltniz: 0‘ litten, Wnync
l‘ct-tr-hooru. Mark lilisslt‘l. .lr-Il Stlmrlolt. lkirlrnrri Srlrttrtltr-r. l'mrl bclwnrtr Zodl-e l: Prowl-er Edltout Mirrrc Gilllkilllﬂl.
:sr-ptmrrtu-i Kli-rn

nutter. Knp'. littstttr'ss Mttttogt'r

. . . .lnrrr‘t Dit‘lluu
lletrulrv llruwri. MlliAllI linsplcr
. “ﬂytil'll Cnlllllll

. “()nlIlL' Slcvullt

Advlnlelnn Man-nu
Iﬂlllng Account-n!
Coupmltlon Min-[Ir
Olflcn Coordinator
Sal-oi Steve Grirtlr-t. Ilolwrl Kllll Clu-lllod Nan-Ion Scplcrtilicr Kit-In Co-poellloili I lutilt'r Lililrk Advlnlolll Prod-e
“on HInngont M-Itlu Attrit- Culnvttri. Tattituy Geiger Advenlulu. Prod-client DIatiru- Olnrriln. Michele lsrrtcl. Susan Knplan.
Mr)er Mt'llllvlstillll. I ntirlt' Stliwnlllx-ig, ('rtiulyrt Serlgwlr k. Kntliy lldt-Il Ollko Built Wctuly linker. llcrly "lullL'l. Terry Gllclt.

llotiin (irr-rvu' . rti. l'rrrneln Karl. Arlene Krillowltr
lI-ydln Corr-III. Dur- lor- l‘rurlucttrtti Mrrnrrgur

. . . . . . . . . Elma Beds

\l-nk-l CI-crn
. . . . . . . lluuk's Chick

1|!th Elli-ordinal" . ..

Paolo-cpl Arriy Katttot. llohtti Llllnllt‘lll. Deli Reynolds. Carina Slilpotulshy. Draw 'flinttnhouuu. Wt” Cnrul llury. llnsuriiuy
funnier. Mnrle Grituutrin. Ss'plt'tttbel Klein. “arbour NUlllll. Laurie Wallets. Clue-ﬂu“ Mirth Fliclmtt

Photon-ply. Supplied [llfllrlltttllv by Utiltleully I’lmto barium

 

Cild "OIOIII'IIH Holt (.witqu
U" 'Il"! Dorie Abrhel. Alon Gallant. Karl Chritt. Strut! Ifuerl. Mtlre Farrell, Mirth Ilrtlelt. MEIVK‘HIIIKlIt'l. Horton: Ktrlulo/I. Dow
Mnrlnrirt. Mirth Muller. Stunt Str'ttiltutnli. Torry Triturroltl. Will Yunnan

The Allittny Student Men is ptrliltrhed rttety Tuenlrry and nut...) during the school your by the Albany Sludettl I’Ieu Corporation.
'1"! trirlvpurrrlrtit lltrIv/ttlrprtllll rorptirtilltrtl lz'rltinrtrrtr tin written by the lfdllM‘lIl-Cllll'.‘ paltry tr whim tu mutant hy the bdttortal

Hoard. .
i

 

 

 

