 

 

a

 

Ha..- ;wmtrd smrr

 

 

o o o f ’ ‘

Sadth Killer In Buffalo
(AP) The mutilated body of a black man whose heart
had been cut out was found near the Niagara River on
Thursday, police said. He was the second black man
slain in the same manner in two days and the sixth black
man murdered in the area in less than a month. Edward
C. Cosgrove, Erie County district attorney, said the
latest body was found near the Niagara River in
Tonawanda. Meanwhile, State University of Buffalo
psychology professor Norman Solkoff said the latest
slayings showed a sadist tendency not apparent in the
earlier shootings. “it would be rare, indeed, if only one
person were behind these killings," he said. “The
suspect in both groups of killings apparently operates
differently, and the possibility is strong that the murders
were done by more than one person." Solkoff said he
felt sure the mutilation slayer was white because of “an
obviously strong connection between racial feelings and
the murder" and male because it was rare for women to
commit sadistic crimes. ‘

Rep. Murphy To Sue NBC

(AP) Facing Abscam bribery-conspiracv charges and a
tough re-election battle, Rep, John Murphy of Staten
island says he plans to file several ttbel suits before Elec-
tion Day in addition to a $10-million one he just filed
against the National Broadcasting Co. The suit against
NBC executives, reporter Brian Ross and anchorwoman
Jessica Savitch, alleges malicious lies were televised
about him during the network’s coverage of the FBl's
Abscam investigation into political corruption. Filed
late Tuesday in State Supreme Court in Staten island,
the suit names NBC President Fred Silverman, NBC
News President William Small. in addition to Ross and
Miss Savitch. An NBC spokesman would only say: “We
do not comment on matters of pending litigation.“ At a
news cortferencc Wednesday, Murphy, accused of
bribery and conspiracy for allegedly sharing in a $50,000
payoff, also reiterated that he “committed no crinte and
did nothing unethical."

GM Recalls 25, 000 Cars

(AP) General Motors plans to recall some 25,000 models
of 1981 autos to fix a defect in the power steering hose,
it was learned Thursday. Radio station WGY said Jim
Williams, a spokesman for GM in Detroit, said the ac-
tiort would be announced later in the day. The move in-
volve, Citations, Pltoenixes, Orncgas and Skylarks. All
have 2.6-liter, V-6 Engines witlt power steering,
Williams said. He said there have been complaints that
the hose is too close to the manifold, raising fears it
could come apart and leak ﬂuid, causing fire or sntoke.
The vehicles recalled will have the hose rc—routed or
replaced, Williams said. it was not known ltow many of
tire cars have been sold, or how many are still at dealers.

$6.4 M In Paintings Stolen

(AP) Tltievcs stole 19 paintings, including works by
Renoir, Picasso, Modigliani and Utrillo, valued at a
total of $6.4 million, from a luxurious duplex irt a
Riviera resort attd police today charged the butler as an
accomplice. Ronald Headford. a 49-year-old Briton, oc-
cupied the 30-room apartment where he was butler to
the late Sir Charles Clore, who died one year ago after
moving his private collection here. After Clorc's deatlt,
ownership of the paintings and apartment was kept in
his family. Police said they grew suspicious of Head-
ford after the butler made several contradictiotts in his
description of the theft, which occurred Sunday.

U.S. Accused Of Apathy

(AP) lranian Prime Minister Mohammcd Ali Rajai to-
day accused the United States of being indifferent to the
fate of the 52 American hostages in lran, Teheran Radio
said. “it is not important to the United States if all the
hostages are killed because the United States is always
after its own interests and is using the hostages as an ex-
cuse to be able to do anything it likes," Rajai was
quoted as saying in an interview with Japanese televi-
sion. A text of a portion of the interview was read on
Teheran radio, monitored in Beirut. The radio said Ra-
jai asserted that the U.S. government’s indifference to
the hostages, held captive by militants since Nov. 4,
“was proven in its military attack on Tabas" -—a
reference to the abortive U.S. rescue mission last April.
“We saw that the United States, to keep its interests,
was prepared to endanger the lives of the hostages," it
quoted Rajai as saying. “So whenever the United States
mentions the release of the hostages the first victims will
be the hostages themselves."

 

 

 

 

Hellman Accused of Libel

(AP) Republican SEitate candidate Alfonse D'Amato
accused his Democratic opponent on Thursday of being
the moving force behind an article accusing him of
wrongdoing in office. The three Senate candidates,
D’Amato, Democratic Rep. Elizabeth Holtzman and
the incumbent, Sen. Jacob Javits, met in a debate spon-
sored by Newsday. The current edition of the weekly
Village Voice said that D'Amato, as presiding supervisor
of Hempstead, took kickbacks from contractors and
deposited Town of Hempstead funds in non-interest ac-
counts in a bank that later gave his Senate campaign a
low-interest $80,000 loan. D'Amato asserted that Ms.
Holtzman “was part and parcel of putting that article
out" and that the wife of one of the newspaper‘s libel
lawyers has been involved in the Holtzman campaign.

Milosz Wins Nobel Prize

STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) The 1980 Nobel Prize in
literature was awarded Thursday to Czeslaw Milosz, an
exile poet, novelist, and anti-Soviet dissident from
Poland who became an American citizen 10 years ago.
Milosz, 69, professor of Slavic language at the Universi-
ty of California at Berkeley. was cited by the Swedish
Academy of Letters as a writer of “uncompromising
clearsightedness.” He was honored for his extensive
poetical works in the Polish language as well as for his
prose. This was the second time in three years that tltc
academy chose a writer with roots in Poland. The 1978
literature prize went to Polish-born isaac Bashcvis
Singer, a master story teller writing in Yiddish in New
York, many of whose works are set in Poland.

USSR-Syria Sign Treaty

(AP) President Leonid l. Brezhnev signed a treaty that is
said to give Syria, the longtime foe of iraq, the status of
virtual membership irt the Warsaw Pact. But Brezhnev
said the Soviet Union is not going to irttervene in the
lran-lraq war and warned the West to stay out also.
Brezhnev signed a treaty of friendship and cooperation
with Syrian President Hafez Assad on Wednesday.

 

 

 

Shonr Campus Stuff

n rm!

Telethon Takes A Walk

 

Pound the pavement with Tcletltort '81 as they head
dowrt Western Avenue in their annual 1() rttilc
Walkathon-Jogathon.

The evcrtt will begin at 11:30 a.m. at the gyrtt.

Participants will walk until Washington Park where
there will be entertainment and refreshments. After a
brief break, they will continue the walk up Washington
Avctttre until State Quad, where a party will be lteld for
all participants.

Sponsor sheets are still available at tltc Campus
Center information desk.

All Wulkathon proceeds will be dottatcd to the
Parkhurst Children's Center and the N.'./. Special
Olympics Area 10.

Vista Alumni Sought

The Peace Corps and VISTA (Volunteers in Service
To America) have launched a major campaign aimed at
contacting former volunteers irt the two programs who
now live itt trpstate New York. More than 8,000 New
Yorkers have served in the two volunteer programs.

Torn Vcrltulst, area manager for upstate, says contact
is being sought with the fornter volunteers “to keep
them abreast of what Peace Corps and VISTA are doing
now, to provide them an opportunity to meet with euclt
other and to get them involved as a group with their owrt
communities."

Former Peace Corps or Vista volunteers now living irt
New York should call Verhulst toll-free at
1-800-462-42A3 for further information, or write the
Peace Corps/VISTA Recruiting Office, 317 Federal

 

L Bldg., Rachester. NY, 14614.

 

Syrian sources said it committed the Kremlin to defend
the Arab state from foreign attack. In a dinner speeCh
only hours after signing the treaty. Brezhnev said the
Persian Gulf is the affair of the Persian Gulf states and
"no one has a right to meddle from outside in their af-
fairs." Brezhnev clearly referred _ro President Carter's
declaration that the United States will protect the vital
Persian Gulf oil routes if they are threatened by the
lB-day-old rift between the oil giants at the head of the
gulf. Without naming the United States or Carter, he ac.
cused “imperialists” of “militaristic machination" in
the conﬂict and said they hoped to use the war [0
“reestablish their domination in lran."

Gulf War Reports Continue

(AP) lraniun warplanes bombed the outskirts of
Baghdad. and Tehran claimed that lraqi invaders
threatening Ahwaz, the capital of oil-rich Khuzistan
Province, had been thrown back 13 miles. lraq claimed
its forces “continued to destroy enemy installations arid
to strike at military and economic targets deep in lraniatr
territory, inﬂicting heavy losses in life and equipment."
But there was no word on the progress of its key offen-
sive to complete the conquest of the lranian port of
Khorramshahr and move on to the neighboring refinery
city of Abadan. King Hussein of Jordan, bruslting aside
American and British warnings following his declaration
of support for iraq, said he would send Jordanian
troops to fight alongside the lraqis if they were needed.
But he said that was not inttttincrtt yet.

Penthouse Sued For $4 M

(AP) A State Supreme Court judge says he will decide
Friday whether to block distribution of November issues
of Penthouse magazine. A lawyer for Penthousc’s “Pet
of the Year” claims distribution will rtrin his client's Iilc.
lsabel Lanza, 28, sued Pcntltouse for $4 million, saying
slte never agreed to be Pet of the Year. Her lawyer, A.
Richard Golub, told Justice Michael Dontzirt, "Site's
rtot the Pet of the Year, and if that epithet is attached to
her, it's going to ruitt her life." Miss Lanzu renounced
the title at at Penthouse reception last week and dcclutcd
she “would not have signed that release to be Pet of the
Year if i knew what it meant."

 

» ‘ N
Tampon Warning Issued

Governmertt studies sltow that tampons are associated
with an increased risk of Toxic Shock Syndrome (TSS).
This is a newly discovered disease that affects mainly
women who use tampons dttring their periods. Syrup»
torus include vomiting, diarrhea and a high fever (102
degrees).

TSS can be very serious and is believed to be rcspmisiv
ble for a number of deaths. Some recent studies indicatc
that Rely tampons were apparently irtvolvcd with 1854 lit
a greater extent than other brands.

Therefore, on Septctnber 22, Procter and (iambic :rrr
trounced it was suspending sales of Rely and lltttt it
would refund money to consumers who had Rely in their
homes.

To obtain your refund, send your unused Rcly lttrrt
ports with your name and address to:

Rely
P.O. Box 500,
Maple Plain, Minnesota 55348.
Yott will receive a refund including the cost of ntuilitn

Pres. Debate At Thruway

Tltc economic platforms of tire tltrce Presidential tart
didntes will be debated at a special Albany Rotary ('lrrlr
luncheon meeting on Thursday, Oct, 16 at tltc Thrnn‘ut
Hottse, Albany, beginning at 12:45 p.m., according to
Rotary Publicity Cltair Arthur .1. Singer. Mayor litusltr»
Corrting will reprcscrtt President Jirttrny Carter; ('le
gressman Gerald Solonton will rcpresertt Governor
Ronald Reagan: and Retired U.S. Ambassador .1. Owen
Zurltellen. Jr. will represent Congressman John AlltiL‘i
son. Each will rttakc a 10-12 miturtc presentation to be
followed by a 2-3 minute rebuttal. The program is
designed to help resolve the question of who “ill vcl
your vote.

Nominations, Please!

SUNYA President Vincent O’|.eary has announced
that the Chancellor’s Awards will again honor persom
demonstrating excellence itt teachirtg, iibftll‘iillibhil‘nI‘m“
professional service. in addition, SUNYA will contrnuc
a campus award presentation to recognize excellence “1
support services, and is establishing a new awttrd for UV“
cellertce in advising.

Nominations for cxccllertce in teaching, advising and
librarianship should be forwarded to the Office Pl
University Affairs (AD 201), professional scrvrct'
nominations to the Office of University Affairs (Al).
231). and support service nominations to tire ()I’ficc 0‘
Finance and Business (AD 326). '

 

The deadline for presenting nominations is Ocloht'I
24.

 

October 10L 1980

Albany Student Press

Woman Seized Near Draper

by Beth Sexer

A young woman from out of
state was abducted at krtifepoint
artd sexually abused last Tuesday at
about 9 pm. near SUNYA's
Draper catttpus as she was entering
ltcr car itt the Robin Street parking
lot between Washington and
Western Avenues, according to an
Albany police report.

Police srtid an unknown black
rttale allegedly grabbed the woman
frorn behind and ptrt a knife to her

throat. After forcing the woman in-

to her car, the attacker entered the
rear seat of the vehicle and ordered
her to drive.

The woman drove around the city
until the attacker told her to stop in
front of a white building, which
police believe is located at 137 Lark
Street.

Police said he then ordered her
into the back seat and sodomized
her.

in addition, he stole $15 from ltcr
durirtg the attack, according to the
police.

After the attack, the report
stated, the mart drove the car to 75
State Street while the woman re-
mained inside. He then reportedly
fled from the scene.

The woman called the police im-
mediately after the incident at 10:23
pm.

Police describe the attacker as art
unknown black male, 5 ft., 9 inches
to 5 ft., 10 inches, of thin build and
with a mediurtt afro.

He is wanted by police on first
degree charges of kidnappirtg,
sodomy, robbery and sexual abuse.

Down town Patrol Discontinued

by Sue Smith

Dtrc to increased budget cuts,
SUNYA campus police have bcctt
forced to discontinue the
downtown patrol program tltis
semester, according to Public Safe-
ty Director .iirn Williams.

i-lowevcr, Alrrttttti Quad Direc-
tor, Liz Rttdko, insists that there is
a definite need for the program to
be reinstated.

the downtown patrol program
ltnd originally consisted of four
squad members who patrolled the
area from the afternoon until 2:00
zr.rn. ltt addition to outside
surveillance, they walked tlrrotrglt
the dorms floor by floor watching
for strangers, vattdels, Voyeurs

and/or petty thieves.

Rudko fecls tltc program was cf-
ficicnt. “There were a high number
of incidents downtoth bttt the safe-
ty patrol worked hard to change
tltat..Tlterc was a rapid response
tirttc and follow-through on all
cases. Tltc number of incidents have
gone tip since tltc program hns been
discontinued. The difference is like
rtigltt attd day.”

Rttdko said that students residing
itt the downtown area feel penalized
because of tire lack of patrol there.
“Students don't report many tnirtor
tltcfts because tltcy feel, ‘What are
we going to do about it.‘ l‘vc hcurd
students saying they feel they're
forgotten entirely.”

 

 

Public Safety Director Jim Williams

  
    

“ﬁvo-«mtv-Wuxuvl.‘

 

. Mlle l'lru-II

Insists downtown dorms are safer than uptown.

UUP Members Demonstrate
For Ramada Inn Strikers

by Andrei» (anroll

Dcrttonstrnting their support for
a fellow union‘s cause, members of
the Union of University Professions
(UU P) are now walking sitlc—byrsidc
with striking workers at the
Western Avenue Rnrnrtdn lrtrt.

’l'ltc professors now ioin teachers,
bus drivers, longsltorcnrcn, and
[numbers of other Albany unions irr
supporting Hotel, Motel, and
Restaurant Workers Union, local
417, now itt the seventh week of its
struggle with owners of the [III].

Ulll’ voted October lst to sup-
port tltc hotel workers, nftcr union
representative llob iiclnngcr made
an appeal before an iixccutivc
Committee meeting. lllll’
rcrtterttbered tltc ltelp offcrcrl by

Hotel Workers dttrirrg last spring's
“SAVE SUNY” campaign, and
after a solidarin pitch front ltistory
professor Lawrence Wittrtcr,
members joined the picker littc lust
'l'lnrrsrltry.

“Thcy'rc fighting a real anti—
trniott siluntiorr right on our
doorstep." said .iurrtes McClellan,
an education professor who joined
the pickctcrs yesterday.

McClellan was referring to the
worker‘s struggle with the manager
or the Ramada lrtn.

The workers are demanding a
wage increase front the minimum
$3.10 to $3.75 per hour, ovcrlitttc
privileges arid a guaranteed paid
vacation. Hotel Manager, Peter

continued on page thirteen

“The potential for incidents oc-
cttrring dowtttown is far greater
(titan uptown),” said Radko. "it is
less secure because Alumni Quud is
surrounded by a residential corti-
rrtttrtity. A uniformed policeman is
very rttttclt a deterrent to crime."

Williams insists, however, that
tltc downtown area is structurally
safer than the uptown area because
of tire long hallways irt Alttntrri
Quad dorms as opposed to the
isolated architecture ttptowtt.

Williams said that only ten per
cent of his complaint reports arc
front downtown, wltilc rtirtcly pct
ccrtt are frortt tltc uptown area.

Williams said ltc is aware that
students had felt rttorc secure with
the downtown patrol squad.
However, he said he did rtot know
how to respond to that because he
cannot take forty percent of his
squad to ltattdlc ten per cent of the
reports downtown. He added that
there are sortte patrol cars lit the
downtown and Draper Hall area.

Williams feels SUNYA students
on Altrnttri Quad are protected
frortt the Pine Hills Molester
because of the presettcc of other
students and rcsidcttcc staff. “He is

 

   

r
-r

Today is the last day to vote in SA elections. Votirtg booths will be

 

 

 

set up irt tltc Campus Center Lobby attd on dinner lines. All stttdcrtts

who wish to vote must bring their
Orr-campus students are to vote

tax curds arid valid SUNYA1.D.
on their respective quads, off-

cumpus students may vote irt tltc Campus Center Lobby.

 

not in our jurisdiction," Williams
said.

ilowcvcr, Radko said that fcntnlc
students still live in fear. She said
ortc security prohlcrn is keeping
doors locked because so many peo-
ple prop them open.

According to Williams, two in—
cidents occurred irt the downtown
area within the past week. On 0c»
tohcr 4 a male was found iii the
women‘s rcstroottt in Alumni
Quad's Waterbury Hall, uttd last
Tuesday night at Draper campus, a

woman was abducted, sodomized
and robbed (see front page). .

when asked about the possibility
of reinstating the safety patrol,
Williams stated that they ltavc no
choice but to wait for additional
assaults to occur on the downtoth
campus.

Radko said, “if it is possible, i
want to take a positive approach. i
understand about manpower shor-
tages but wlty wait until something
happens?"

Peer Advisement Initiated

by Amy Kantor

A university—wide experimental
l’ecr Advisement Program for the
Spring '80 term will begin on
Noventbcr 10 on Colonial Quad,
according to Central Council Chair—
tnan Peter Wcittstock.

The program, SA, consists of up-
pcrcluss students itt specific majors
who are trained by the Certtcr for
Undergraduate Education. to assist
freshmen arid sophomores plun
courses of study itt tltosc respective
areas.

The program was developed by
Senior Jeff Morganstcrn, who was
cornrttissiuncd by SA last year.

“The Peer Advisement Program is
not a substitution for (‘Uli — bttt a
supplement to CUE," ltc explained.

Academics Committee Chair,
Lori Pepe, helped develop tltc pro-
gram. Sltc appointed Debra Kurtz
and David 'l'rieze, in addition to
Morgunstern, to direct the group.

Tltc Peer Advisement program
has also enlisted the help of CUE
staff tncmbcrs Carol Fonda and
Dick Cottier, and tire advisor
Stanley Schwartz.

’l‘hc Advisement Program will
help CUF. advise rttorc titan 1,500
SUNYA undergraduates, and bring
tltc guidance "to a ttrore personal
level," said Morganstcrrt.

 

..,

2:994!-

‘1 Orr»?-
- peer.

..

 

Programineveloper .lt-ff "

   

«‘1?‘( 
'2: M
‘l i a

 

Photo: 5hr") ("ohm

Peer Advisement "is a supplement to CUE. ”

Funding for tire new center has
been a problcnt, according to
Morganstcrn. However, boosts
have corrtc front art $1,800 donation
by tltc SUNYA Alumni Associa-
tion. The grant has been assigned to
Schwartz and will pay mittimttm
wage to student advisors. “We have
arranged with tltc College Work
Study Program to have them pay
the salaries in tire future,” said
Weinstock.

Tire Student Association has also
kicked-in sortte funding for tire Peer
Advisement Center's advertising
costs," sttid Morganstcrn.

Previous programs of this kind
have been rtru through various
academic departments but the ef-
forts of Morganstcrn and his
associates, David Yokcl and Judy
(lrccnbnunt, could prove to be lilt
first pcrrnnrrcttt university program
directct.I by students, said
Morganstcrn.

“l'vc \L‘Cll it done at other univer-
sities nttd l’vc seen it succeed," said
Morganstcrn.

According to Wcittstock, there
are 4,400 freshmen arid sophomores
corttbincd, “and the new center
would serve arty percentage of
them."

Applications for positions as Stu-
dent Advisors are available iii the
SA Office, Campus Center 116,
through October 15.

 

 

 

 

