P awer, Politics, the Press

_by Ron Levy

The lead headline in one of the most
popular newspapers in the country stated last
week that ittside would be revealed the true
story of tlte loves of Teddy Kennedy. a
popular. it" somewhat contpromised can-
didate for the U.S. Presidency. At tlte top of
the page in a somewhat less read publication
was art in~depth analysis ofGovcrttor Carey's
proposed budget for the next fis tl year. Ap-
proximately 20 million people read tlte Na-
tional E/tqtrirer's story (as per their stated
output), while it is doubtful that tttore titan a
million read the story in the New York
Times. The former is appealing to the
public‘s curiosity abottt private llvcs. the
facts of the latter bcittg simply another rcl'lcc-
tion on a deteriorating society.

Also at the top of the Timer was a story
relayittg information abortt tlte Soviet inva-
sion ofa nation called Afghanistan. if we ac-
cept as trtte that the ittvasiott actttally hap-
pened. attd ltow do you know it dirl. there
still remains the question of it's effect on rts.
Afghanistan is art isolated attd bat'rctt lartrl
sortie 9000 trtilcs away: it is doubtful that
more tltart a do/ctt SUNYA'tts Irate cycr
stood within it's borders and yet it is brought
at the speed of ligltt to center-stage itt ottr
consciousness. 4

We read about another man campaigning
for re-cmploymcttt attd preaching ttatiottal
security tltrottglt reinstated military lL‘tllNll‘ih
tion; we read abottt Congress stcttttttittg the
flow of oil; we read abottt l‘cddy attd Mary
.lo. and w ‘ accept it as fact. The tttcdia relays
ittforntatiott but it is ottr interpretation that
may incite its to riot ~ or flip the page,

A flickering black-and-whitc image broad—
cast sorrtc twenty years ago brought the na-
tion it's Vice-President balkittg at questions
'tis opponent answered with a glowing New
tfttgland cltarrn. A people unused to liberal.
:lectrie cltartgc was swayed away front
Richard Nixon, thus cancelling. or at least
postponing. his political career.

The press acts as both gladiator attd col—
iseum amongst a public spoon—fed on the Bill
of Rights. lntcrrtal competition is fierce brtt
the infigltters must be careful ttot to arouse
the lions. A story rarely broadc' ts itself irt
neon tubin t; more often a flashlight may be
needed to find it under the covers of a

secretch bureaucrat. When no news is good
news tltc newsworthy will figltt to keep their

names out of print.

But the press may also play the role of the
forum. the spectators eager to arouse cort-
trovcrsy where one may rtot have previously
existed. Woodward and llcrnstein jccrcd the
authorities ittto action against Nixon much as
the Tinon has instilled resentment ovcr the
cyclic turnover ofpowcr in Al'ghartistan. it is
the words. the phrascology of tltosc itt the
cditirtg roottts that cart easily set a tuood. 'l‘oo
strong arid credibility is lost: hostile or overly
amicable feeling must be moderated to retain
helicvability. The facts on a scorecard do ttot
necessarily speak for themselves.

lftherc is a poittt to be tttadc, it is to always
assume respottsibility for what is written. We

 

arc. to a large part. products of the media as
it is also a prodrtct of us. Madison .\\s'ltltt.' is
ttot a monolith to be knelt to brtt a tool to be

used to further ottr understanding. |ttl'otma-'

tiott tttay. must be transmitted without col-
oration. As frcerlorn of speech is granted by
your deity, so is it the responsibility of a
larger-thattvlife towtt cricr to L‘\Citlth his own
emotions.

"Tire/I you .t‘IlmI/(I .rrrt' ll'IItII you IIIt‘tIII, "
the Marc/t Ila/2' tt’t'lll nu.

"I (/0. "Alice lit/.s'liIt' I't'll/I('(/,' "tII /cu.r/— tl/
/etl.s'/ I IIIt’tIII lt'IltlI I ,ruy— I/ltll'.\' /Itt' .tmui-
I/tirtg, you A'Iltltt'. "

"Nor Ila: .\‘(IIIIL' I/IIII_L’ (I lift! " swirl the I ItlI-
Ier. “Why. you Illicit/jaw us lt't‘I/ my 'l .we
w/ta/ I err/' is I/It‘ .\'tIIII(' III/Mt: (I.\’ '/ cal lt'IItl/ I

“WI. n

~l.cwis Carroll. .’l/f('t".\’ .‘itll't'lllltl't‘J III
Wonderland

Redeeming Value

To the Edltor: V

We write itt response to Robert Lerner s
letter of February I, I980. (“Absolute
Trashl") Apparently, he missed the norm of
Conchita Rodriguc/ attd Shirley ll'att s ill‘ll:
clc which described a relationship itt terms of
a diaphragm.

Aspects has previously printed openly sett-
ttal tnatcrial, arousing little or no cornmeal
frotn the strident population. When a man
writes such an article. it is “art.” whereas
when a woman c.\prcsscs her true fceltttgs'
about scxttality’.‘ it is labeled by a settist.
puritanical thinkers as “trash”, ttttd she rs a
"slut". ‘

Mr. Lerner also condemns the authors ol
“The Morning After" for taking creative
writing and owning a “dictionary of exotic
fruit". May we suggest that yott take an
English course, attd lcartt to recognize sym-
bolism itt wltat an uneducated r'cadcr tttight
misinterpret as tttcre words.

We applaud Ms. Rotlrigttel‘ and lleatts' cf-
l'orts to write art honest. innovative expres-
sion ol'tltcir feelings on relationships attd sex-
uality. The author‘s openness is art asset to
the article's credibility. ratltcr than. as Mr.
Lerner alleges. a flaw. “A fittc ttttitcrsity,"
Mr. Lerner. is otte which allows creativity to
llourislt. rather than stifling it.

.loatt llrattdejsky

Laura l)ctttsch
Tcrianttc Falconc
Wendy Millhciscr

Devoted Dane Fans

'lo the lirlitor:

lly tltc titttc this is either published or read
tltc Varsity llaskctball tcattt will be headed itt
to it's t'ittal ltotttc game on Saturday against
Union. .'\s seniors. we wish to c\pr'css ottt
thanks for three years of e\citittg basketball
actiott to the Great Danes and Mt. Richard
Sattct's. (f'ottgtatttlatiotts on your ~lllillll \ic<
lrtl‘)’. l)oclt

ltt the last tlttec )cttts. among the three ot
us. we hate tnisscrl perhaps a total ot the
home games (that is ol course ultctt school
was itt session). Whocan forget the tolloning
images: the lccty looks of Staton Winston;
the smooth Irallhattdlittg of Winston Royal;
liarr'y (.‘ayattattgh's behind the hack passing
attd ability to drink (he was the Dartcs' “most
fundamental player"); Cat'tttelo Vcrdejo
glidittg to pull down a rebound; Kelvin
Jottcs' slattt dttttk; tltc Clttttcs. the ('csat'es,
the Lows, etc.
Our greatest gratification came at the
beginning of the l978-l979 season, On the
cover of the first home game program was a
pictttrc of the crowd behind the players' bett-
cltcs. We sat irt that same spot for these tltrec
years attd tltcrc, smack-dab itt tltc tniddlc. we
could tttakc ottt ottr three faces. A (lL'HIICLI
Great Dane fart could ask for nothing else!

 

(iood luck ill the SUNY/\( ‘» “his?”

fellas, attd ill the years to come. \\L- a.” ht.

back to see ()UR team. Attd \\c (undertak-

the way you have made our stay at a \ctt colt]
place a bit more enjoyable.

('ltatltc t latl

.ltlllll i)L'\l:u|j“i

/\lrll| .ltn

Ignorance lsn ’t Bliss

To the Editor:

I would like to reply to the letter to it].-
cditor by Robert Lerner that appeared itt tlte
February lst cditiort ol'tlrc ASP. t has shock.
ed attd disgusted to discover that a whey
student could be so ignotarrt and close-
minded, and Wen worse he so ltlctetlihly .rr.
rogattt about it. He wrote a letter to mer
the idea that the story “The Morning Alter."
which appeared in the Aspects section ol the
paper, offended his sense ot good little, 1
personally was not offended at all by the
story. in fact lenjoycd it, attd thought that H
was quite well writtcrt. i do belicsc that Mr,
Lerner is entitled to his opittion. bitt l tch
that his vicious. slanderous lllsllttlttlltttts cott-
ccrtting the author of tire story here
rttysogynistie artd childish. ll' ltc had rttcicly
criticized her writing style twltich incidental-
ly. l found to be of a very high cttliltr'li. I
would not be writittg this letter. but the
tttedieval attitudes that lie indicated irt lll‘ lct-
ter so appalled the that l felt compelled to say
something.

Mr. Lerner refeer to the author or the
story as a “slut” attd the Utll\ctstt\ .t». it
‘whorchortsc’ as a way of trying to lil‘ulL‘till
tltc arttltor. sotttcottc ltc does ttot ctctt appeal
to krtow. it is quite apparent that llt' lt‘lt that
it is legititnatc to accuse a wotnao ot lllt port
it it: sexual behavior. or a least imply :t. that
because she wrote a story that \‘ttlltL'll‘t‘ti .t
wotttatt and her sexuality itt art hottest 

lltopc that other people can scc th.rt .Eii iti-
lcttcr did was tttakc him look like a tool .tltri
arc ttot swayed ittto believing the stunt llllti
of woman—hating obscenity tltrtt hr
preaching.

Dislike tltc story if you wish. lrtt' tml‘ ll
lot‘ “bar it is. attd try to t'cali/c that ".itli the
subject nrattcr may he a little Irl||| irrt. rt
Ct’clt shocking, that it's rtot ltt'cs't“.‘..ttll‘. not
worthwhile. ltt fact. I happen to tltittl. llt it It
cottccrtts a subject that could ttsc a lot more
exposure. Wotnctt attd lllL'il' problem» “-|ll|
birtlt control methods of all kinds is a sttlvtwl
that has been igttorcd for too long. .tllli
perhaps if more was written on the \llitll'tJ.
people would not be so painfully ignorant
about something that concerns \‘itlllttlh
everyone itt the world.

if Mr. Lerner wants to close his eyes to
reality. rto one an stop him. brtt l catt‘t I|
back and let ltittt rualigu a talcrttcd .tltlltttl
artd not say attything.l thought tltc titttc um
hast when women ltad to use pst.‘lltlt)ll_\lll» to
Protect themselves from hostility .IHtl
ridicttle. bttt l suppose some people still Ulll

 

 

A 507 "0A BAR 64%
TO ME' ‘EVEt'g/W'S

QC

 

 

 

 

 

..B()T wHAT
THE

//

 

lWNJ STUDEWS?”

TO ME-' “EV
Rate

A we ATA prongs.
W595
F995 6P€€CH.

..BUT WT ABOOTV
THEKUKlUX KW?

 

 

 

 

i 41-".-

l

.r.~....c,.....:.... _....,._

 

 

 

 

