r W
hem-mm»... hlwn—d M

 

   

Aspects ‘

 

‘l'lle Student Notebook

page 4o

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ﬂ

LondonCalling

When to England. do as the‘Romans do.
One wants to assert one's Americanness. yet
assimilate unnoticed into British life. It seems
one should know the differences before either
can be accomplished. '

-‘ Down in Leicester Square. ‘not far from
Picadilly Circus. there is an amusement arcade
lodged ‘ between a movie theatre and a
legitimate stage. In the amadgis an array of
pinball and low-stakes gambling machines. I
can not think of a place in America where a
certain game In that room would last more
than the night. it is a mechanical gambling
machine. made up of two levels. each Con-
sisting of a ledge and a straight wall running
perpendicular to the ledge that moves back
'and forth across the ledge, When one drops a
coin into the machine. it is pushed towards the
ledge by the moving wall. thn enough coins
build up. some drop to the second level where
the process is repreated. If you are lucky.

some coins get pushed off the second lodge.

and they are yours

If you snake the machine. even a little. coins

will fall off the ledge. The only thing physicaly

separating you front all those coins is a PIL’CL‘

of glass.

One From Column A

She stood by the sink. rocking to some soft
Ray Coniff music. rolling cabbage for the com-
ing holiday The phone rang ShcI reached for

 

hands. The phone was illlt‘ of twenty

barns As 'l‘h

sh u

How long would that machine last in the
Campus Center Pinball Room?

London Transport has a large number of
employees. Every bus has a driver and a ticket
taker who also serves as a conductor in the

‘sense that he signals the driver to start and
stop. The Underground has ticket sellers at
every stop. They have machines to sell tickets
at many stops. They have ticket checkers at all
points where you transfer to different trains.
They have ticket takers at every spot where
you can exit the Underground.

It Is very easy to cheat
Underground system.

For all intents and purposes. the systems
operate on trust. Look like you've paid. and
you are rarely bothered. Adopt that typically
English "Oh I'm so bored I know this trip like
the back of my hand lrom having taken the
blasth thing every day to get to and from
work and ill just sit here and look out the wiri-
dow because surely one thing I don't need is
some damn Paki-Transport worker bOllll'llllg
me about whether or not I've paid." and you
wtll be left alone Walk through gatcs without
offering a ticket or payment. Pay ati amount
much smaller than what would normally bu

the Bus or

the lee for the ride you've taken, The system is
easy to cheat.

And yet I swear it's only Americans who
cheat the system.

Personally. I've only cheated it once. and
that was to get revenge tor a ticket seller who

    

couldn't speak English. and gave me foolish
instructions I didn't cheat it for very much; it
was the principle of the thing.

l had to justify it I guess that means I'm
assimilatng When I don‘t cheat at all. does
that iiwan I've actually become English? Thch
is art r-ntiri-ly new possibility: l could be an

Conchita Rodrig

For Natasha

it is the 125th day the hostages have been
held in Iran. and women are braiding their hair
in Bo Derek rows, lt's old hat. and nobody

a dish towel to wipe lht' sticky meat off her cares any more.

Kyle King dreamed last night that he lived

mounted on the wall It was the only thing that the hostages. with submachine gun and Tae
distinguished this kitchen from all lht'nlht'l ktf’ Kwait Do Shirley Beans dreamed that she
chens on Ocean Avenue llct applianci's. all caught the Pine Hills rapist. with butterfly net
Hamilton Beach. lined the counter like the and charcoal pencil So Kyle King joined the
trophies on Christine Balmikis‘ shell (‘hristini' C I A and Shirley Beans was fired today. as
Baloukis is
STOP

coffee
the Hum

for
my

we nt
Yesterday.

her morning
friend sat in

lounge. livid purple shirt and face. She told

me she had been "touched " She told mi.- lion
he got in. how he knew the only unlocked
window. how she screamed. how she struggl
ml. and how hot housemate had to mow into
her room because she couldn‘t sleep alone

In  l more" B‘llte dh'liOVs}: my house. my “as interrupted by Violence. Because Auiit Lil a cab Call a friend_ ,j.-,m A“ng A n is “m necessary ‘0 gain Umclal mmqnmnn
m“ 3 Hg in trot er. could be ‘t v w ‘ ‘ ‘ ~ H '
Shiml \.n l‘ [flim' :hue hon the buxalmm Women ’X‘Ja'll-‘l Ralml- M W” *0"! "1- i from the Student Associiiliun» ThiS 15 a" easy Carter Campaign in New Yiﬁlk “‘0 “kl Phil‘s” tttlLl to the Republican chaos we find that there is enough to give a candidate a strong base on
V ' ’1 ' \k’ l J ‘ ' . . n v r - . . i
' 5‘ 1" l" p 0"“ ""9 {mm Chop!”r for a “tile Piggy run and its  task merely requiring the group to set up a “iiiotieytalks i5 stilladoininating factor at our a... mum Repubjmn (mummies than time which to ascend ,0 me num‘I-‘aﬁon' Likeww,
the SUNY system, being the largest state

Cit tdurblocks are piled high outside my turn

drunken depression insists on walking herself
home. And still self‘deluded women walk
dowrt dark streets clitching hall- point peTns,
"ill be safe when i get home."

"You‘ll be sale until you get home " He got
Natasha in her home He got Ramona oti the
street. I'm not safe anywhere Here‘s a sponge
to sop up the milk.

Somebody should do something "ll they
really wanted to catch him. they would In the
mean time. I run home from the bus stop.
calls to see that I'm okay." These are little solu»
trons. like wearing a St. Anthony medallion in
1045 Hiroshima. Ho. they. cart still get you
Anne Frank hid behind the bookshelves. and
they got her

We interrupted this colutnn to explode We
interrupted this column because Natasha's life

Stockholm and the TimuLife top suite Little

uez and Shirley Beans

The "toucher." The damn attacker. l il‘u’ii

Richard Schenkman

 

honest American. _

They just got done showing Blind Aittbi.
tion. the John Dean Watergate story. on the
BBC Those guys were cheats. crtiimt ,1.
They were only following orders. an Allli'l .m
practice. Cheating the system would Cl'lltititly

seem_to be the American Way. Perhaps int i...
ing a tratirir to my country by burnt; lion. 3
with the London Transport system Mt
tonight l'll reread All the President's film.
Maybe tomorrow I‘ll ride
Underground system twice and pay for .. n 1
around the block 0

 

around

I sat in my third floor .tparliticnt on a a.-
street about a block away from the polzt.
tion. listening to the Sibelius Symphony
at setting for a Mark Ctrecnwold prtliili!
agttie he's here. Not Mark Greenwill

 

 

 

could threaten him with a Culliplittw .
Shell steak knife. I thought I tould do
with my tennis racquet. really hurt him  ::
approach slot. Times~Uniorr headline ii .1
N18 PLAYER MAIMS TOUCHER “ 
OVERHEAD. I laughed And then l h. :-
noise. Arid froze And their lheard nllil~ -
ing outside. and realized that I'd never E-
to scream. let alone hurt someone i -v
‘t'rissarian says, "we are all alone
world."

Take a Maggie Boys scll dcfunsc clav 'l

 

 

 

 

home safe. don‘t think you got aria:

 

Aspects ' r r
m

 

l (.1 n this election year. as in all others. the

general vote has been proceeded by
long drawn out series of political primaries.
These primaries will determine the delegates
chosen to the national conventions (of the two
major parties). whose task it will be to select an
appropriate candidate for their particular par-
ty. Traditionally the primaries begin in the
East. New Hampshire has been designated as
the usual "kickoll" ol the primary battle To
win New Hampshire. it is said. is to win the
party nominations, Whether this theory holds
true or not. any candidate would admit that
the state primary to win in the East is the Now

WW

Gary Silverrnan

On the 25th of this month. New York Stirli'
will hold its political primary. The outcome of
he prltnary could lllL'illl as many as 123
‘litlvgzites to the convention, ’l'licrcforc. moat
)l the iriajor candidates are now mounting ux

(‘llSlVil campaigns in this HltllL'. All “Vl'l' NL’\\’
York the political wheels are rolling; niiikiiig
rlliaiit-i's. opening Ullli't's, ivsi'tvitig [)liillit’s
tlltl ii-i:rnitirig \’l)ll||lll‘t'l‘~ .iri- .ill pair of tho
iriobillziilkin of llll' catitl‘tilaic's machine In llll‘
:oirtinunity. its wi-ll as on thv i'olli'gv i'iiiiijius.
opctiiiiyi's ‘wi‘itll'll for willing

'J

 

the candidates
souls to put [orig lioiti~1 llllit it piiitii'ultir ('illl
clidate's campaign.

Although Albany is not llti' largest iiitti
llilllllly iii Illi’ stiitt' iiiiinv i‘iiinliilatiis tiring thi-
campaigns to our i'llt’il. illitl iI‘i lln'tr watch for
ludicrited volunttii'ts rln'v (Ulltt' to tho SllNY
campus fVltiil‘ olti-ri lllrill not. this campus
hasn't llL'l‘ll altogether too active lit the political
realm of our society. Our apathy has allowed
us in mutant apolitical. even in lllt‘ hardest of
times. Yet there remain ('l few bravo souls who
are willing to endure the challenge of tlwse
primaries. and take on the responsibility of
participating in the system. But. who are these
people? Where do they operate from? And
how did they get started?

To begin a student organization on campus

“students For Pres 'den

 

BRINGlNGTHEBOWTQ ALBANY

pus are George Bush. Edward Kennedy and
John Anderson All of these candidates.
whose campaigns are as distinctly different as
their personalities. are now partly to flood the
Alliain area wiili a series of carefully planni'tl
political techniques through their rcspr‘i'tivi'
delegations '

In arty discussion ol a viabli' political carti-
pnign it is important to begin with a discussion
of the incumbent. Although President Carter is
not represented on the SUNYA campus. an
llVi’ l’llOll was made to establish some sort ol
organization. As early as Ducr'tiibi'r. Lisa
Nuwmiirk. received a call from Union (Itilkrgc
rlH'Klllfl her to invoqu Iii'tsi-ll iii .i (Tartvt ciini
paiin When slut ditl not. the organizi'r .iskcil
litft to recruit lll'l bust liti-tirl so they i'iilllil
work closely. once again l.rs.i tlt’L‘llIlL‘ll. With

    

 

   

'I...

nonzo goon to CIA school? Two

Jimmy Carter sticking close to the safety of the
Rose Garden, President Carter's campaign
forces have unsuccessfully tried to establish an
organization on the SUNY mitipuscs.

Yet this defeat does not mean the end of the

society. ll his physical presence is not felt. we

ll

GOP front—runner. shut their null.

working hard. Coplon sees this as an "issue-
orii-iitctl” campaign. and his main point is to
sue the students as well as the community
educated on Kennedy's stance on the issues.
"Kennedy's national headquarters is a great
help to the Albany area." reports Coplon.’
llthi' been most cooperative in sending leaflets
and informational titaterlal. Our students are
wotkiiig lltll‘ll and have recently sponsored a
fund i‘aisi‘r iii order to fund an Albany head~
quark-is Coploti. as well as the volunteers.
llt‘llL’Vl' strongly in Kennedy and the job he will
do ’l'hi'ir enthusiasm is admirable. YL’l il Ken-
nr'dy cannot pull out it win in New York all the
i'lltills of any SUNY sttnlt'nt will be iii vain.
()ii llll’ Republican side we we a primary
which is not really it primary at all. lii actuality.
llli' Republicans merely have a caucus. This
I

  

     
 

s

caucus chooses deli-gates to go to the convert-
tiiiii 'I‘lioy are actually non-corrrmittud. It is
lliL‘ll the joli of the various organizations to
Iti‘l‘iliildi} thi'se ll()n'(‘tll11lllllll.'(l delegates to
cast their vote for a particular candidate. To

are Secret Service men guarding them. In at

a campaign based on personality rather than
issues. Bush has long stood on his personal
record. His supporters believe in him strongly.
btit realize that a strong showing in New York
is the only way Bush stands a chance ol
deleating the Reagan forces..

(3 onversely. the Anderson campaign re
mains one standing on the issues. Rot:
Kossin and Bill Pape. the SUNY students in
charge of the University campaign. also hav
accepted the responsibility of running Ander-
son's entire Albany “issue-oriented" camv
palgn. Their students' organization is now In
the neighborhood of 50 volunteers. Kossin
and Papa. who have organized dinner line
catiipaigns. as well as buses transporting
students to work on the Vermont campaign.
have a strong feeling toward Anderson. Both
students have put itr many hours canvassiiit~ 7.
the Albany area.

The Anderson campaign is based on issues
Both Pape and Kossin refer to Anderson's a,
an "lShitt."(iili‘tilL'tl caiirpaigti." They feel he i:
the “most cluctablc candidate" and art
"banking on iiioitiunluni" to gain Aridersot
vicloiii’s Atnlirrsoti's main office. which
illN’i-llt’h out of Rockford. Illinois, is ofli‘rlng
‘illlili‘llh grunt \ttppiirl. Tl“! hope of these.
stritli'iih that more people will gi't involvutl. is
.‘dlr‘ltt‘tl ‘iy llii‘ organization. since there is no
ofﬁcial [\tiili-tson ltiuiilijiiiiili'rs iii Albany. But
Aililt‘l‘tliti knows. as will its the students hack—
ing hurt. that in illill‘l tii lit'i’lt the ball rolling
victories ni’i- iii-i iittsirrv iii the East.

Yr't whatever Vli'litl‘ll“: arc scored by the ln-
dividunl candidates, one victory has tertalnly
been stored on the SUNYA campus.
Although a combined number of approx-
imately 200 students does not point to a
resurgence of political activism, it does show
that there ls a percentage oi the student-bod
that is beginning to realize the importance of
the college campus; and that there are those
students who care about what happens to the
government of tlils country

As pointed out earlier. the N.Y.S. primary
is an important one. The number of delegates

 

constitutionﬁnd agree to abide by SA rules.
i Once the procedure'iiconijileterl. the group

dow and still I say “Nah " If he gets in. he gets
"L hm ” [ulnar be because of the “all he puncd field so large it would be hard to see how any
out or the window he had to smash lt's as safe

on the street as it is in my kitchen. as dark out

will surely feel the President‘s spirit in the way system of its kind, represents a Smde body
of National Loans and Grants, ilirnniy Carter's  g . .T

ability to raise our burlgut or cut us off still

Shirk-y Beans could be a victim. out there on
the third base line. screaming "No Fair!" thick‘
1y through her braces and phlegm. The pretty

 

anything. Remember trial the fear you ft- '
real Now Natasha knows Slick gov '
a fan. because it‘s gmng to be damn .t i.

    

   

 

lam a sunk titan , lama spiteful man Ari
unattracti} a man lthink l have hemorrhoids I
don't know a damn thing about my illness I
am or: 2:: treatment and timer have been.

‘ 7\~"’Cl both mudicmc and proc
only proctologists from (in-at
.\ near black leather pants and
smzle with sinister delight when inserting gold
plated proctoscopes No sir. l refuse to sue a
proctologtst simply out of spite,

 
   
 

   

 

l know pcrtecrly well that I am not givtng the
aforemeiimned proctologists a "dirty deal" by
not seenig them. though their field is a par-
ticulariy dirty one anyway I know better than
anyone that I will only harm myself by this.
and no one else And yet. if I don't seek a
cure. it is out of spite. l have hemonhmds?

‘ Hot Licks And Rhetoric

llotes From Overhead

at seven as it is at eleven. and still a girl in a

Polish lady by her poppy bread Seashell Sally
by the seashore Naomi by the Nautilus Me

am

A Parody of How Woody Allen

Might Parody Dostoyevshy

l hint :tist now uhuri l skull l was an intuit-\-
i 

     

:iius . _. 2 l 12ml vilil itt slicer spiti' lcitnlil
Hui l‘t L'tlllk' obnoxious. not anything good or
bad Mi.

\‘Ul‘illllL‘

constrain .s that a moral lUJCillli’lli
man :s bound to bu air essentially
Yes sir. characterless
rid drab, Though this can bi- said of many of
out lL’lillH‘L’S. it 15 uiiuqunocally the fate of
modern man This is my Crinku'liitii at the age
of forty Lning past forty is indecent. \ulgar.
and expensive, Now answer me sincerely —
who ll\.r.’5 past forty.) I'll tell you who does:

Cllﬂthlk’lli'QS i'lx'tlllllr.’

fools and i‘iittificil public accountants And I
say that tight to the faces of thirst) white
lraiicd. baggyptintsiul int-tr who inc iinaiiahk
named Sheldon or Bruce V

You might be imagining. gentlemen. that l
ant trying to amusi- you. to makc you laugh'.J
Wrong again lgai‘e that up when my wifi- put
Crazy Glue on my show trees after making fun
of her Uncle Moe's Bermuda shorts No. l
miran nothing of the sort Would you want to
laugh if you were destined to suffer the

traumas and anxieties of an entire race of poo-

say exaCtly what that has to do with out 'li".l i
can make lucrd to you the torment of
around New York City with lli’iilttiili- 
a pain in the ass. Do not think for .r l!“i" '
that my pun was intentional It was lit t
point was that New York Cilk t~ thi' r‘ 2’

spring with her windows nailed \llill ti't
dent to‘color your world .

s-ur.

 
 

 

ii.

 

 

    

John M. Anderson: This Year'o_Model

must receive the approval of the SA president,
Lisa Newmark. current SA president. has not
approved many groups to date. As a matter of
fact. ohly three groups have received official
recognition. Although these three groups are
operating in a healthy manner, more groups
do iiol seem to hit on the way. Ms. Newtriiiik
attributes this show of apathy to “a student
feeling of removal front the political system."

makes him a viable candidate. even if he pur-
sists iii pruning his rows As long as the Presi-
dent keeps writing liiiiid exercises he remains
a strong influence on llli‘ nation and iii the
primary race

it the other side of “W coin wv liiid the

thlllii'tly campaign. With .lurry lirown.
California's glamour-boy. out of the New York
race the primary now becomes a two—man
between Carter and Kennedy/"Steve Coplon.
the SUNY organizer for the Kennedy catti
paign. has great hopes for Kennedy in New
York. Coplori. in the traditional position olbe-
ing at the bottom shooting tip. sees fit to
destroy the credibility of the President.
Although he is a great believer in the Kennedy
he scents more concerned with the

campaign.
ltlllli'l than the assets of Ken»

ills of Carter.
rietly.

“The Kennedy criiiipaign began
Coplon points out. Due to the cutiipltictniy of
the Kennedy officials a fueling of overcon
lidencu enveloped the Senator due to his

slow."

“I’ll whip his ass!”

 

 

one candidate could pick up the majority of
the electoral votes,

At this point. though. there seems to be a
strong belief that Ronald Reagan will capture
llli’ New York caucus delegates. Currently he
is the front-runner of the News polls. Yet the
one time governor of Calilornia cannot seem
to draw support from New York's college catn-
j'busvs. Ruagi's rash conservatism. a craze
now sweeping the country. seems to turn off
the collng students. On this campus. as well
as the campuses of other tnajor tliilViflSlllL’S'llie
otgariizi’itions of (ioorge Bush and John
Anderson St’ulli to be taking hold.

Craig Revel. currently SUNY organizer of
the Bush l'rtlill'ﬂilgll. got involved iii the cams
ptiigii through his work in the Pentagon. After
hearing so many positive things about Bush he
Following SA recognition, Reed began
organizing his group. Through a series of ASP
ads and dinner line rccruitments. Reed suc-

!.__——
which. if mobilized, could change the course
of a particular election. The apathy pointed
out by Lisa Newmark is what enables the state
as well as the federal bureaucracy to walk all
over us. Involvement. exemplified by the par-
ticipating SUNY students. is what makes us
powerful. Whatever candidate a person works
for is irrelevant. as long as we express our opi-
nions. It is Important to remember “the can-
didate is only as strong as the organization
behind him. and the organization is only as
strong as the people Involved.” O

 
 

 

 

 

 

  

ceeded in gaining popular support, During his
campaign. now some 30 strong, Reed wishes
to “move away from the apathy of the “705,
back to the activism of the ‘60s" Getting much
help from the national organization. located in
Houston, the Bush group wishes to sell the
man to the people. Working the Campus
ready to meet the challenge. Yet Coplonleclh Center and setting up interest meetings are
the crnnpaigii is now going well and gaining just a few of the activities Reed hopes to set
“From one advertisement in the up -

stated. “the organization
50 phone calls." Students.
Coplorr leels. are now ready to get involved in
the Kennedy catiipalgii. Since the New York
his 100 volunteers are

abstract and iiuciitiiiital i’iii. on ixiltl.
anyone would

Good. let them inflame morel

l have been lining like this for a long time —
about twenty years Now I am forty. I used to
be a druggzst in the Bronx. now l am not.
When customers came to my store seeking
pharmaceuricals. I stuck my tongue out at
them and started doing Jimmy Durante im-
personafions I almost always succeeded.
Most of them were timid folk: naturally —-
customers But there were some real dead-
pans. among these was one who simnlv refus-
ed to laugh Every day he'd come in. and after
my last "Good night. Mrs. Calabash!" and a ‘.
tip of the hat. he would Sit and clatter

revoltingiy With his dentures.
I?

    

llllk’lllltll‘iilllV lin‘tiii- t
iii'ighbotliootl of hoodlumx .niil thugs tii‘\t : t
the tallcst building in thc world ls‘ beyond in.
yet at the same lllilt’. .t is a markedly .ll“lliii
thing to do.
" I km“ ihiit you may wle git align at it..
for these words. You may yell and lint in lumi
homes a‘ your it‘lcvision set whilii reruns of 1 Yet these three groups have established
Love Lucy am showing I “'OUId “Mmsm’i‘l their presence. ln concordance with SA rules.
so I “'1” "0‘ “'iiit' anymore “from ()iriiii'ml these groups will now be allowed three
meetings on campus and the opportunity to
politically educate the students to their line of
thinking. As most of us already know frorn
various campaign posters scattered around the
University, the candidate represented on cam-

“We can win!”

 

strong showing in the polls. But when the tool

A careful observation on her part. one that will
. the Kennedy people were not

probably see no remedy in tlils campaign. came down.

iirorneniuni.
ASP." Copluri
received over

Bush stands on his record. Glorllylng the
man as the “all~Amertcan boy." the Bush

slogan confidently states, “Bush: a president
we won't have to train." .Reed's statement.

“the individual sells himself," seems to suggest

    
 
 

Not In Now Yor
(Photo: Mark Hansel eI)
‘ 4—4

 

The writer disregarded his last sctitcni r' Jen-y Brown:
and kept writing But let us do \klliii is ixillt'tl

for and stop here, i T

 

 

 

 

primary is so close,

 

 

 

 

 

 

9.--.-_.....
anlo‘oonahao

 

u.....--»v~‘>
...“_‘.‘.._.._.,.._.. ..-~. . .V-nwuruvwsu -..v.<.......-o.. ..
o ----.o"-.--........-

 
   

.-.s..a....nus..-..... ......

       

