 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

l Private Benjamin is any indica-i

_tion. women In the eighties are go~~
. ing to be alright —- at least
cinematically. Judy Benjamin is witty.
resourceful. capable, and decisive. She is a
woman who could have easily been ex-
ploited. but thanks to the sensitivity of
Howard Zieff's direction and Nancy Meyers.
Charles Shyer. and Harvey Miller's script
plus Goldie Hawn's terrific performance,
Judy emerges as one of the most thoroughly
likable heroines we’ve seen in quite a while.

Mark Rossier

As the film opens. Judy Benjamin ls about
to get everything she’s always wanted from
life —— a rich husband. a nice house. and ser-
vants. However. her happiness is short-lived
because her husband dies of a heart attack
on their wedding night. During a period of
intense mourning (the first time she's been
alone in her life). Judy gets conned by a fast
talking recruiter (very well-played by Harry
Dean Stanton) into joining the Army. This

up the exceptionall funny premise of
. .2. .

 

    

just how a Jewish American Princess sur-
vlves in boot camp. especially When con-
fronted wiih a straight-laced Gung Ho com-
manding officer. What's important about this
first part of the film is that Judy is never
parodied. The writers (and Hawn) don't play
Judy's grief for laughs. Her pain is real and
this'makes her enlistment plausable. Once
she gets to boot camp, Judy's wit and energy
stop her from looking like a fool; we laugh
with her because she stands up to authority
in a way we‘d all like to.

This is a service comedy for the post-
Vietnam era. Judy is not a rebel who gets
broken when she sees the glories of the
military; basic training is a battle of wits that
.Judy is determined to. and eventually does.
win.

Private Benjamin could have easily been
retitled an Unmarried Woman Goes to War.
Both films chronicle the growth of a woman
from dependence and blind acceptance to
independence and self-confidence. Judy.

like Egica in the previously mentioned film. _

learns through a long. painful process that
she is the only one who can take control of
her life. She Is capable of making and stan-
ding by important decisions. and she is one
of the most positive female role models to
come out of Hollywood. At the beginning of
the film. Judy says that she didn't get‘ihe
point of An Unmarried Woman —- “l'd have
been Mrs. Alan Bates to fast he wouldn't
know what hit him." By the end she'd be out
in the street helplrig Jill Clayburgh carry that
painting.

Another importaiii thing about Private
Benjamin is that it seems to be bringing a lot
of people back to thelmovies. i saw this film
on a Sunday afternoon and the theatre was
more than half full, unusual since on Sunday
afternoons theatres are lucky to have a
quarter house. Even more significant is the
balance of the audience. it may be a cliche.
but the people there were literally between
seven and seventy, and almost all of them
seemed to like it. This film has been getting
incredibly good word-of-mouth. as well as
basically favorable reviews. it seems to be ex-

 
 
  

 

l‘.

 gonads-aux * ‘ .

"lei

I .

ns'rAI-mir

actly what people are looking for — light
entertainment. backed by a plot with depth
and substance. lt entertains audiences
without insulting them.

Credit for this intelligence must also go to
the craftsman working behind the scenes.
Howard Zieff has been directing Hollywood
comedies (Hearts of the West. House Calls.
and The Matti Event) for a number of years
and his experience shows. His pacing is im-
peccable. and nowhere is lils command of
the medium better illustrated than in his giv-
ing visual answers to verbal questions. When
Judy's husband collapses, she keeps calling
his name. We don't know he's dead until
Zieff cuts immediately to the funeral. Editing
the sequence this way not only tells us what
happened. it also gives us a good. albeit
dark-tinged. laugh. The script has a heart
and mind as well as a sense of humor; and
the cinematography. editing. and scoring.
while not spectacular, all contribute to the
success of the project.

The cast is also surprisingly effective. Nor-
mally. there are one or two people in the cast
of a comedy who try too hard to be funny

 

  
 

October 31, 1983]
and overplay virtually every scene. t here.

the entire cast is perfect. Eileen Brennan is a

standout as Judy's tough, by-the-book com-
manding officer. She and Hawn are most ef-
fective during their first meeting. arguably
the film's funniest scene. One of Brennan's
last scenes, however. is disturbing. it's not
even a scene, just a moment when her les-
bian tendencies are exposed. This
"revelation" is totally unnecessary to the 'plot
and it smacks of sexism about military
women. it is so obviously out of place. l’m
surprised and disappointed that it didn't end

    

 

 

up on the cutting room floor.

Hawn has come a long way'from Laugh-
In and even the giddy klutziness of Foul
Play. She is a fine dramatic actress as well as
one of the best comedierines in the business.
Here she gets to use both skills and she is ab-
solutely wonderful.

Private Benjamin is. quite simply. a terrific
movie. it has good direction, good acting.
good writing. and good laughs. lt's unusual
when even one of these traits creeps into a
movie. so to find them all_together is as sur-
prising as it is pleasant. I

{aptaln Beefheart’s Ilew Radar Station

aptaln Beefheart is a genius.
l make such an undlsgulsed
statement straight out and up front,
first cause i believe it is true. and second to
grab hold of your attention. Few people are
azvare of Beefheart's extraordinary talents.
and i want to spread the word about his

‘ musical ma ic.

Jim Jaffe

Beefheart (born Don Van Vliem
presently lives with his wife in a trailer out
west in the Mojave Desert) has never en-.
joyed what you might call "commercial" suc-
cess. His largest‘selling album has netted
40.000 buyers worldwide. Yet that album.
1969’s Trout Mask Replica, remains one of
rock’s most innovative and advanced con-
cepts. New wave artists like Talking Heads'
David Byrne, The Clash's Joe Strummer.
and even The B-52's have cited Beefheart
and Trout as a major inﬂuence on their
careers.

After several failed attempts at making
stylishly accesible music consciously aimed at
rock's commercial market. Beefheart's new
Doc at the Radar Station represents a return
to artistic integrity and innovation. Doc is so
successful because it works in the vein that
the Captain knows best. He fuses Delta
blues. tree-form jazz. and -— a new ingre-
dient —— fragments of what sounds like

 

 

Q. 25; 2Q; (Si

classical or “serious” music into a style.that
can only be labeled "Beefheart". '

To appreciate the music on Doc. it will be
helpful to understand Beefheart's approach
in creating it. He is. literally. an artist: he
sculpts and paints and formulates the music
with that frame of mind. He recently describ-
ed his music "writing" process in The Village
Voice as such: first he plays the compositions
alone on piano into a tape machine. Then
h draws shapes and diagrams that sym-
bolize the bars that each instrument will play.
based on the original tune. Finally. to
transform the diagrams into sound. he must
literally teach his band, The Magic Band.
how to play the music (this isn‘t hard for him
to demonstrate to them. because he has
taught himself to play six different in'-
struments).

Many of the resulting "songs" do not work
when applied to common (normal?) musical
laws. This music has a law unto itself.
Guitars. clarinet. and trombone play
simultaneously in different time signatures.
weaving in and out of each other. Yet they
are held together by the original melody line.
which continually changes in tempo. The in-
struments work in unison. but also contradict
each other at the same time. Somehow that
flows coherently.

Well. it works something like that. You
have to hear musical paintings like “Sheriff of
H223 Kong" and "Making Love to a Vam-

useful.

pire with a Monkey on my Knee" to believe
the unbelievable.

Beefheart sings in at least two different oc-
taves on the album, sometimes in a snide
nasal whine, and other times in a deep
hoarse grumble. He is exorcising his

\

      
 

 

demons. but disguises his personal anguish

in stories (a free form of poetry perhaps) that

give details of plots. characters. and even
themes. To understand what the stories ac-
tually say. you have to realize that this is
more "Beefheart" language thah English.
The verses reveal metaphors that can be
understood as a whole. but some of the In-
. dividual words within the metaphor are not
necessarily being used as the dictionary sug-
gests. 1 "Ashtray Heart." for example.
features the line. "Let's open up another
case of the punks," which could be a shot at
the new wavers he has influenced yet rather
dislikes. while a line like “white ﬂesh waves
to black" could imply racism.
The song as a whole might deal with

betrayal — but then again it might not. There

I. Mood-lo Alpaca Edltor - Experience in writing required
(editing experience preferred). '

2. Denim: & Layout Anal-tent — Must be experienced in
newspaper or magazine technical production. Experience on Cam-
pugraphic equipment preferred. photography and math skills

Both are open to students oliunior standing or below only.

The lunqﬂll

may be more fun — yes fun —- in playing
along with the language rather than
challenging its meaning. You can do either.
but it is important to know that much of what
is being said is. albeit in abstract form, deal-
ing with real human beings and emotions

 
    

that come straight from the (Beef) heart.
He's no Space Captain.

Like all great works of art. Doc at the
Radar Station gives as much as it takes. Just
think of each song as an abstract painting:
one quick glance and you see a mess. But
look deep. below the abstraction. Thoughts
and ideas are revealed that may surprise
you. Take another look and you may see
something else. The brilliance in Beefheart's
tnusic is - aside from it being absurdly
logical — that it allows constant re-
interpretation; It never stops growing on
you.

Yes. I do believe Captain Beefheart is a
genius. And maybe you will too. Give him a
chance to prove it. Buy Doc at the Radar
Station. 0

The pay is, well, not much. Actually. you

see. there isn't any. But hell. it's fun and a
fantastic experience.

if you are interested. please send a list of

your qualifications by campus mail to:
ASPECTS/CC 329/SUNYA. "

 

In looking for a couple of good people.,

 

ammo. ..  .,.“..-.,.u. .

 

Octbber 31, 1980

 

O~or the benefit of the uninformed at
' Albany State. I am now announc-

ling that Frank Zappa and his
ewest band played at the Palace Theater
st Tuesday night. And for the possible
neflt of any future Zappa concert-going
ovices. I am here to state one thing: be
repared. Zappa is not rated "G." or even
PG." i guess you couldn't award him an
X." but a definite “R + " is in order. Zappa's

iii O’Brien

oncens are legendary for the lengths (or
epths) to which Frank will go to disgust an
udience. Tuesday night at the Palace,
owever. Zappa seemed somewhat subdued
his stage presence was not as provocative
s in past shows. The show was short. and
hose who paid $10.50 per ticket may
ave a more militant opinion than this
cporter (my accomplice and l were admitted

    
 
   
 
   
   
 
    
  
  
    
   
  
 
   
  
  
 
   
  
 
  

 

opular dimension. those trashy gutter
tines, brought out a large and enthusiastic
towd.

Dunning red Spandex pants and sporting
-. clipped colffure. Zappa took the audience
hroiigli a couple of old tunes at the start of
he show; "Cosmilt Debris" and "Baby.
but You Want A Mon Like Me)" As is llli‘
istitil lni‘u, SUIIH' IlL‘W itiiii's tii’t'Iitiiptniit‘il
ll“ older ones and tin do w you ll'iillk‘ tin
tiiVi‘ to sit back iiiiil listen Xupp.i';. Hll,’lt' i»
- lufiniiely nut mainstream iUt‘lt 'n' roll. liirl

s it \lilCily jazz. lt's lil/flrit"

liii’ iiffs .ind iliyilnm riii‘ \rt-ii,V twiniiit 
. l'vt'iy hard to follow. ltiii Zappa ti~ it tjitnn
tiittn‘ist with a great band behind liliii. Ax
|)[Jii;L‘(l it) tho I‘l-rliords-oiili.i geiiri- til nick
.tippti's tunes an.- more like syitiplvniius foi
liL’ Les Paul guitar. This is only ott'nsiiinnlly
insic to stump your feet to, and I found if
ncrcdible that the band could hriiig hark
ogetlier .i lune like “Chamber Ttn‘tuie" illlti‘i
he heating it took from Zappa in an extend»
d musical solo. '

Some of the more conventional sounding
tines oi the night actually had the iiirisl

}_ h (Ar Blotto

 

   
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
  

uestion: What word has gained an incradi
Ie amount of publicity over the past year.
nd rhymes with grotto?

nswer: Why. of course! BLOTTO!

ou know. tht.l group that played in
the Campus Center Ballroom l-'i‘i
day night, October l7tli. luring
probably about 200 people in to see them
he atmosphere was hot and heavy as
everyone waited to see their fiivurlic pseudo-
lifeguard heroes.

aroline Sommers

After many gallons of sweat were drained.
he band finally came out and opened up
' ilh “I Wanna Be A Liftigunid." Ilu-ir sum
' -‘ iei Smash hit. which wont ith’i‘ .initieingly
i all. They did many new songs iii addition
0 the better known llliit": li’lllll their two
ll-l’ds. uffL'llo. My Nullll' ls “lotto. Whtit's
Yours?" and then more recent product,
'Atrrtiss And Down.” The iillillL'llCt‘, iib

iously consisting of many Blotto ftins. illt' ii
'Ip The first i‘ii"()[(' was, .igtiiii. "l Williliti liu
.ifuguard " their firm] i'lll'i iru was .i Ht'tilli’
nytllcy

 

Yi's. ltillts. liliiiiii .,in.i'\‘i' .ili lii'iiiil llii‘
€ ii'illit' 1n lr‘ttu't iillii‘  .‘xI.’i(I‘ liliiiiw it»-
' (\‘Jlii‘lllt‘l will ).il’tl'.' :i In ii iii lil‘i’ll tiliillliil in

wow fi/Illl Hi w 'li-': f»: iiiirii'i lliilii' it:

tth.ii»|y|lirill1ilii  l-‘i'li 'ilii‘llll‘i‘l i-i lilii'

mud lti lii’ iii tin ilrll Hittiiglwi

‘ hisliliinird “tiliil thiniiixi .w lllttllii ii .t'tl iii

 

w lunnvii tie. lii’oiiilwny li-ui‘in. .lliil nun-“l
lii' ‘uiiiil' filliilliiii‘ in tin) \Vnuhlwanl ll nit)
i‘i lit' iliii’ﬁ in tilotin
Siiiviii' Hlftllii n ml in lvii known ti‘. l‘unviiw

{(llllt‘il‘i .nni \wml.

roe). but Zappa's musical skills and his most .

hey Played

 

\

 

‘\ .

few left who is still delivering."

bizarre lyrics. but again. this is music you
have to listen to. and l llilliillliiiiilt'ly couldn't
liL’rii very much from my seat. in .i medley

Johnson. and played litiiiiiis and sang —— as
lit: (liti’S now ~- for the Wrislibotird Band.
although the Blotto sound unter (if ever)
nucvssitatos .i banjo.

The ovoisonsual Stiigt'nnt l'ilutlo (more
affectionately known as Stiige) was also an
instrumental part of the Waslilioaid Band;
ht“ pltiyi'd tlic \yaslilimiiil and now flute (1’!)
and also \llllg. (‘litzt'stt Blotto was ti part of
the Woshboznd Band but was not
known as (‘hvt'si- hack llli’li.

Blotto wasn't boin until W78 'l'lit' picsuni
hand consists ill Bowtlt.‘ Blotto (guiitii and
vocals). Broadway Blotto, ('lii‘ost- Blotto
(boss and (Tlii'vmlui Blotto
(keyboards rll](l vocals). l.t’L' lltii‘vt'y Blotto
(drums tlllll vocals). and Saigvnnt Blotto

litl).

vocals).

(vocals tiiitl niiscr'lliiin-oiis)

Ni'Kl subject . llll‘ Blillli) sound
lllliiiiliiiiiiiiiii how i .in (ilii’ tlt'scrlbt' the
lilriito sound" l gum» ii". (list. mail. iiiiiiiiiii

. litii Yiis. llli’ l‘dlittn .ouiid In fun. ()l
throw. it i» wiy tiiguiliui musically. and .is
Tim Stiiiu'r til 'I'riiitwi' f'lt'ftﬁ pni . il. "runny.

Iitiii".r'tiiiiis piili,

on..." ... .

The two sides of a master played Albany on Tuesday — “He Is one of very

.iiid “ili‘lllilll' ili’lil i'iii’k

 

Sound ditto.- , ‘ 7 “L

'rank Zappa pa

1

 

-t .1

Kappa

from lhl' Shi'ik Yc'rftutili .ilbuni.
played “City of Tiny Lights." "l'ni So (Title.

and another pleasant 'iuinhirr. “Broken

Yours?" got extensive Airplay. Blotto started .
performing in bigger bars and then
nightclubs, like J ft Scotts. They warmed up
for such acts as Root Boy Slim. Tim Curry.
and The Shirts (Who. incidentally. tire war-
ming up for Blotto soon in the area).

Blottn's members are from “All around the
place." as Sarge puts it. Chevrolet and
Choose any the most ltJL'ill members. being
from Troy and Rollstoin, respectively. Sarge
was brought up in Buffalo, Bowtie in Detroit.
Broadway in the Bronx. and Lee Harvey in
(believe IiI or not) Attica. Many are
graduates of SUNYA

Blotto has received considerable airplay
on stations like WNliW. New York. As a
llldlli’l of fact. that very station ran it contest
i‘allt'd “Winld Shin-s til Rock 'ii' Roll" (avuiy
hiiiii puttplv Would will in to respond to a
survr'y wliii'li iiitiiip do you prelt'i‘?). and
ltookiu of tho Your (Toinpi'tition was bet
ween liliittti (ind 'I'liu l’ii'tt'iiilt'rs. Guess who
Won" lil,i)'l'l'()! lilottt) titan lrIil tigtiinst'tlia
it 51'" and lllilllt’ it to llii’ division fiiitils.
l’ii'lty gtmd liii (ll) (til ’thi' lliili‘) unsigned

 

“that «could be: next . . .. _
thankless firestorm Nigeria?

 

 

 

   

 

 ill' inn iw .ii'i iluilti

=ii '-ltnt. i‘iiniit
l’divii' iitiw‘. tiwnwi ii iii if) ho: ill
"nilti‘iii in. tin d l/ f‘lujilt  "A. it l.ii"'i‘li,I
=-i i,  'il'lllltllt'il tliiilli‘livi' liti'iirlllri'il
i! 'liii' iiiin llii'ii .«lit.i l’vi-iitu‘n lli’rl

l i'. 'fi.i'.'ti. i'-f" t'w'ttiiit' i» tfivwim Whit/'2.

lltll'iil 4‘) .

‘ ‘ ,iiil tlulli'l \«llili liliiitii ‘ii iii: (‘tiiii
IiIi‘>\ tlilll l’hillit-‘iiti Li‘il \‘H'I'ltt'ilrl itii i‘\’l’ii
if igtni lltili‘ .li’lllllit ly iii, it» t.iii ii iii “4‘ itiiV‘;

t. It»). .‘unf it run Ii.i\ t-ii'i )tli l't'd nit.‘ t .ipti .il
llti‘ w ‘t‘t l '\itif fi unit, («it
ilii’ lii‘t lil‘l ('it Hit liii‘i It lin 'i'ill I’ll.)

but id. Ii" i.

‘-lliiiiii ‘

 

I . _ r.
'4

ms At-‘I‘he  -

Hearts Are For Assholes." Most of the music
here was more coherent, but the lyrics
'undemeath were off the wall. it's amazing to
me that Zappa can claim he never did any
drugs. The Images are so clearly psychedelic

'ln 1! song like “City of Tiny Lights." But you '

really have to hear what Zappa is saying to

‘ "enjoy" the songs. For those easily offended.

Zappa pointing at you and calling you an
asshole can be quite unsettling. More music
unknOWn to myself. and probably almost
everyone else at the Palace followed. until
the first encore. "Oh. No" (you know, the
“l-Don't-Wanna-Get-Drafted" song). Then
came the moment you'd all been waiting for.
a sick tune. "Bobby Brown" is definitely one
of the strangest numbers Zappa has ever
come up with. .
“Hey. there. people. I'm Bobby Brown.
They say I'm the Cutest Boy in Town.
My car ts last. my teeth is shiny.
ltell all the girls they can kiss my htney. "

“Bobby Brown" is the sad tale of a young
college student who becomes so engrossed
in his progressing sexual abilities tliai the rest
of his life becomes secondary. Here's more:

"l-fiiantuolly inc and a girlfriend

Sorta drifted rifting into S 15': M

(can take about on hour on tin» filil'ill of
power

long or. [guts (l fitili' golden shower. "

litid enough" Bt‘llt'VC llii'. till you Zappa
liitVIL‘t’H. don't bring yoni \UliL‘ til (min
gnlfiii'iiil t-i t\zrl]l|lt"‘ll|1\u Tim is nitixii‘ for
Ilitm' \t'illi lilil‘.‘ llii‘ nimi libi'itil in \i'iiHW of
liiiiiioi Xtippti has always llrlil .i initiiluni
(‘Iiiiiliiiiliig thi- two halves of a litisii‘dlly
sr‘hi/iipliivitit‘ Ili’ihfllltllllU. one half llt'lllll .i
soiiiiiis niusii itili'Hiliillfr-SliilfiwillL‘i, the nthoi
lit-ing a perverse buffoon. lint as a rock ‘n'
toll "star" (a term Zappa would probably not
lil(L‘). he is one of a wry lQW left that is still
delivering. even if 'l'uesday's show seemed a
little short. Hell. he's even respected enough
to have been interviewed by Dick Caveti last
summer. Or does that say something about
Dick Cavett? . . . O

The Ballroom

Why? Because it's good. clean fun. And as
Fred Dollar of the New Musical Express of
London puts it, “Given a break or two, the
Albany lunsiers could make it. The name
then is Blotto."

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

 

 

  

 

