  
  
  

 

    
    
   
   
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
   
    
   
  
   
 
 
   
 
 
  
  

columns

 
    

, viewpoi nt

 

 

 

 

America, once again it's time for our boils down to is that we havearesponsibility.
favorite game —— presidential elections. While
John and Joan Q. Public are getting ready
for $2.00 a gallon gasoline prices. higher
taxes. recessions. inflations, less jobs and
cutbacks in the public interest sectors along
with the institutions that follow. a group of
men and their political machines are busily

working away for our country's number one

Coincidentaily. it's that time of the school
year again. you know. good ole SA elections.
While the vast majority of the university is
getting ready for the inevitable end-ol'-'
semester cram. a few students and their
separate entourages are busily planning their
immediate political futures. The signs of the
event are everywhere. just look artywltere on
the podium. Very muclt the way the color of
leaves changing marks the new season. tlte
cluttering of the pillars on tlte podium. with
political rhetoric artd cheesy advertising
marks a shift in the general atmosphere up
and around the campus.

What does this mean? it's cortrc to that v

time, at least irt our own little world. where
we must decide which students we want to
represent us as school ofﬁcers. in no way is
this easy, (or at least it shouldn't be) especial-
ly with such ﬂavorful slogans tltat have
begurt to pollute the podium. We will witltin
the next week know everything that arty par-
ticular candidate has done for the students
as well as their law school applications.
The question is. wltat will the pretty posters
and signs and banners and sheets and harr-
dotrts artd newspaper ads attd personals tell
us about what they will really do for the
students. You got it - Zilclt. with a capital 7..
You see what happcrts is not entirely tltc fatrlt
of any ofthc candidates. tltorrglt they are the
ntain force behind the perpetuation of this
hogwash. The real fault lies irt you and rtrc
and everyone. and i mean everyone who will
vote according to catchy advertising and
political handshakes. Just like the way .lint-
my who? became our 39th President (by bc~
tng portrayed by the press as America's real
choice) we too. .will rely on character porn
traits by the press arid the rtrcdia to help us
decide who we will elect irtto office.

You see SA is suppose to bc for us, the
students, though it docs appear to be rttorc an
arm of the administration at times. Again
this is not the doing of sorrtc outside in-
ﬂuence. in tltis case tltc adrnirtistration. btrt
ours. We rrtust take the blame for clcctirtg of-
ﬁcers with weak backs and rro morals or cort-
sciences. Wc ntust also take the blame for
electing students whose only real commit-
mertt is to those wlto helped them irtto office
versus the overall population. What this all

The Candidate Game

Mitchell A. Greebel

trtcrtt and especially the ASP. let us know

 

that's rigltt people. we the college students
are responsible for our own choices as well its
actions.

As we get closer to making this decision
remember we, the students. have total power
to decide the outcome. At the sanre time we
must look beyond the examples set by our
~ peers and country’s leaders. The inability to
act with responsibility is a fault not only ex-
hibiticd among our ambitious political peers
but among our country's governmental
leaders. Starting rigltt from the top artd
working all the way throtrgb the
bureaucratic and the elected ranks we
see the lack of strong responsible actions.
Carter in doing virtually nothing about
anything possibly speaks lortder titan
mistaken actions. Our own governor took the

 

Nuke Rally

To the Editor:

day. April 26, The Coalition for a Non-
Nuclear World. has planned a march on
Washington D.C. The planning for this event
has been going on for almost two years. Over
300 cities from the entire nation are sending
car pools, buses. vans. etc. Although no of-
ficial estimate has been released, over
700.000 people are expected. (On Sat. while
we are on the East coast. a similar rally is tak-
ing place on the West coast in San Fran-
cisco.)

Ever since Three Mile Island. national
rallies like this have been growing in size.
However, a year after TMl. nothing has
changed. The government still refuses to tell
the truth to the American public . . . TMl
was no an unusual accident . . . that radia-
tion from all orrr 70 nuclear power plants is
causing cancer . . . that nuclear power can
never be “too cheap to meter" . . . that we

 

 

irresponsible side of dcalirtg with tltc publit
sector of our state artd decided to shred the
hell out of public funded projects. including
the infamous “cutbacks ‘80". Marc close-
ly at ironic. our Central Council took the
clearly irresponsible attitude and cleared the
"(lung of Four" with slaps on the wrists.

So wltile you still have sortie tintc. tlrirtk
about the upcoming SA elections. Though
less tirart ll) percent vote (a message itt itscll)
those of you who do take the resportsibility
of votirtg. take it seriously. Don't go by the
gibberish on posters. Find out which cart-
didatc ltas the strength to take tltc position
otrt front behind tltc doorway of the SA of-
fice arid to the students. it is the responsibili-
ty of that individual elected to SA's top posi»
tion to take charge in helping to develop this
campus rrrto art activc one. it's trot only a
shame that we are an apathetic tron-political
campus. it is a sin. The person elected irt the
next week must be asked to tell us bcforc
hand how hc~sltc will help better this univer-
5in for cvcryortc. ttol just ASUBA and
JSC. but for the l(),(l()0 undergraduates who
go ltcrc. The person elected ntust be the one
who cart help brirtg the “students” of tire
universin into the scope of activisrrr.

A wch from yesterday starts otrr clcctiort.
if we are to be a total university. which we
weren't this past year (basically bccrttrsc of
thc do»rtotlrings in power this year) we must
trot settle for the better of two or three evils.
To any group which makes a formal endorse-

clcarly who is for tltc students. More impor-
tantly. tltc good of the students over the good
of their resumes. Artd if you don't get the
answers that are needed to satisfy these ques-
tions. dort't settle for either. Endorsing a
candidate. deserving only because the
others are worse. and not because he or site is
better. is in no way a sense of responsibility.

have a surplus of electricity today. even
without nuclear power . . . that decommi-
sioning plants after their 30 year life span
threatens to bankrupt America. (inﬂation 20
percent!)

So this Saturday speakers and singers will
be helping to educate people about this rsstte.
Barry Commoner. Dick (ircgory. and others
will be speaking. Jackson Browne. Bonny
Raitt, Pete Seeger. John Hall. and otitcrs will
be providing cntcrtainntent.

The demands for this rally-march are
1) Stop nuclear power — phase ottt —« shut
dowrt
2) Zero nuclear weapons
3) Safe renewable future energy resources
4) A full employment ecorronty
5) Honor native American treaties

Scarcc national resources are bcittg wasted
on nuclear development when they mus! be
devoted to assuring plentiful, stable energy
supplies. increased employment. world
PEACE and human rigltts. especially to
redress the rtational disgrace of trartrplittg yet
again on Native American lartd rights to ob-
tain uranium. The worldwide stockpile of
tttore than 60.000 atomic bombs is a constant
threat to life itself on this earth.

The other part of the rally-march Sat. will
be civil disobedience on Monday. April 28
outside tltc Department of Energy, and then
the Pentagon. Training is required for this
which will take place on Sunday. From today
to next week. lobbying will be taking place irr

Congress.

We stand at the Crossroads. This is the
decade of the ‘80's; were corttirrg out of the
‘ apathettc" 70's ittto tr new era. What we do
it). [980 will irrevocath determine the future
ot our nation. On April 26-2ll. coruc to
Washington with your friend and tell our na-
tronal “leaders” to steer away front the
rrttclear dead end and get onto tlrc solar road.

 

 

Students. you‘re needed again. This Satur-

DEMAND a non-nuclear world §
ourselves. our childrert. our eonrrnurtir- [0'
our future. The whole country dcpcritinnd
thrs. Tickets are available non in the C so"
Center lobby. ampm
Jctcrtry Carlson
—_-—-\
Pohtrcal Babble
To the. Editor:

.ln recent days We have all \chI [lie postin
of campaign posters by various ctllttitdttlt‘i
for SA elections. i am prtrtlctlitttls upset r,
many of these posters for the raise turd inn).
curate facts they portend. To the best of in.
knowledge none of the Ciltttiltirtlcy it...
blatantly lying, just misrepresenting their at.
tual involvement.

The point of this letter: don't accept it...
political propaganda at face value. ()trestiurr
the candidates on their qualitittrrions and
their actual involvement. it's not easy and it's
going to take some effort on your .part but
it's worth it. Cast your vote for titt' ilt,‘\i tart.
didatc and make it count.

Name withheld upnn thltru

m

To the Editor:

This semester tltcrc itrtvc bccn ptttltit'tttt
with the buses due to budget \t|l\ illld il-
lncsscs. Of course, tltcrc will be buses break-
ing dowrt and slower routes title to sun“. ilil
cvcr arrives. However, it is not the but
drivers‘ problem. They are illIL'ti to do the
job and are usually surprisineg r'hccrltrl i
say cheerful because they get ttttit'ttcss turd
bad remarks front students who .tit' m |ttctllt~
siderate that it is disgusting. iilt rlrner tttll
defirtitcly hear them frorn his. ith start.

The buses are always crowded llt‘ill “itch
the afternoon classes let out, \tlt h t\ 2:3tlur
3:25. if you are smart, you will go ttI strtrrtl
Science, or better yet. the Gym. the lust to
wait for tire bus are never tilt: first to yet on,
artd often not at all. Aggt'totttrrtv. l‘copit‘
gripe about moving down thr- .ttsic. \thilr
othcrs are waiting outside lot thr- errgcr
beavers to finally pack it in. iilli‘t' \tlm got
seats can sit sntugly artd will not exert ollcr tu
ltold someone‘s books. that is perturb all
rigltt. if you are really smart. you pm on lrtxt.
50 you cart get Off FIRST. if you turn gauge
ltow many will be able to get on the bus -— irr-
cluding you. Some people sit through all this
packing and unpacking artd go at ten \itlli\ to
the Circle — a little closer to class. iitctt the
smart ones ltave to encounter the mob .u the
Circle. This is only the afternoon. or mum‘-
Enough has becrt written on the morning
rtrcss. Wellingtons are crowded with \Inrnni
users of course. Sometimes riders came it
disttrrbartcc at the back door. iltc thin-t

can't see tltc door frortt his/her settl met Ilrt’
masses.
Well. this torrrpiutrr or

letter doesn‘t

          
  
        
     
    
      
        
      
     
     
        
       
       
      
      
      
    
 
   
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
   
     
  
 
  
  
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
    
    
    
      
  
   
 
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
  
   
    
    
  
  
 

 

 
   

-' «v e Lin New

 

 

 

 

 

rl'W'iill

 

IN F09 PEAFTYUG
MW LANULOE’D

 

 

  

I H tote RAFTI
ALL Ktﬂspgt) iii?
nussrare 

 

 

 

 

 

IM WlDST I‘M Aéarus-r E‘W‘m 4 
meme warren lg I“ F09 WWW I'M For? prawns I For; pm
MEtU OVER 50. OIL COM IH {use
331544 WAR mavﬂg’? W are praise.

 

éHtt’ ' M All
AFé arson/T0

  

 

  
 
  

 

 

   

deliver solutions or obvious solutions —— to
students or administration. [I hopefully

/
mockineg shows people their errors. Have ﬁ‘  \ .

fun on the buses this semester and say hello
to me if you see me in the crowd! Don‘t
follow a schedule, leave early. try your luck.
and stay chipper. Most of all. be considerate
to the driver. if not your fellow riders.
Laura J. McCrank

A Shot Economy

To the Editor:
The Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
contrary to popular opinion. is not the

 

greatest threat to America since World War

It; the greatest threat to the United States is
our own collapsing economy. Atrtcricrr. since
t960. ltas had the lowest level of capital in-

vestment arnottg the major industrialized
countries. Capital formation has historically

been the key to strstairrcd economic growth
and productivity.

What John Atrdersort represents is a ltard
and direct took at an issue that should be in
the forefront of this year's presidential L‘ttttt-
paign. For too long our cconorrtic policy has
been controlled by ntcn who believe that the
road to economic stability is dcpcrtdcrtt trporr
demand economics or manipulation of
government spending and tltc money supply.
What ltas been long needed itr ottr national
economic policy is incentives to encourage
tltc development of capital.

A supply-oriented approach to economic
policy would boost America back irtto its uc-
ctrstortted prosperity. instead of tire policies
tltat the current administration advocates.
(which are leading trs itrto a decpirtg rcccs-
sion). Anderson feels that we must eliminate
our excessive taxation of irtt'Iation-distorted
capital gains and inlrodrrcc simplified
dcpreciatiort taxes. Anderson’s depreciation
bill alone will add $50 billion to capital in-
vestment over the rtext five years. thereby
raising our productivity rate from its dismal
0.8 percent level of 1978.

Our economic policy, in addition to ignor—
ing capital formation. docs rtot encourage in-
creases irt labor skills or research artd
development (which has dropped front .1 pct-
cent of Gross National Product to 2.5 per-
certt). it is no wonder that Japan and West
Germany have risen to the forefront of world
economic leadership. Only by adopting
policies directed at improving labor skills.
capital formation and research artd develop-

ntent can American prodtrctivity increase. It
is only when we are economically strong that
we can be cqtrally as powerful militarily.
Williartt liortda

Serious Folks

To the Editor:

First of all, it is often said that too many
cooks spoil the brotlt. it is also said that
Rome wasn’t built it) a day. brrt it is not said
as often as the tlrirtg about the broth.

Second of all. we are upset at the way tltc
article about otrr illegal movie profits was
handled. First of all ill the second of all
paragraph. one of tire editor's names was
printed as “Mark Lubutkin". llis actual
name is Marc Lubatkin with a “c” and art
“a.” riot a “k” and tr "u." Wltrtt are you, a
bunch of wcisenhcimcrs‘l Second of all in the
second of all paragraph. there was rt picttlrc
of the magazinc cover and rtot orrc of our
faces. How will people know who lirc editors
are unless they saw orrr pictures iii the Iii/r
Seriously li‘olks. . .l)atc the Editors Contest
(and don't forget. tltcrc is still time to cuter)?

Ftrrtltcrrttorc, editor l.ttbat|tirt was nort-
qttoted. instead of saying nothing he said
rnarty things. We have to send this home to
our prtrcrrts. and ltow will it look witlrotrt tltc
important things that we said? liven more
furthermore. editor Benjamin docsrt‘r ap-
prove of the present situation itt it'illt, “i
don't like the looks of this. not one bit." he
says.

Finally. don't yotr tltirtk that we have been
punished enough? Otrr futttilics have been
Subjected to humiliation, we have received
anonymous threatening ovcrduc notices. and
our" library curds have been terminated ttrttil

 

@uotza of the week

SASU rep. Bruce Cronin irt response to the
Senate‘s approval of Carey's Budget Cuts:
"By holding the brrdgct hostage arid
SUNY hostage. the Republicans were forc~
ed to negotiate. They are using us as a
political football."
-

{senator and Poly Sci l’rol'. Charles ’l‘arlto
arguing against plus/minus grading:

“l'd like to hear someone spell otrt wltat
it B- is. Does that mean very good —- but
we're only kidding?"

 

 

 

Finally furthermore. as rttcrt we have taken
the only course of action that we can dccrtr
appropriate; we hate volunteered ourselves
to be pttt to sleep.

Scott Benjamin
Marc Ltrbatkin
lidrtors. littl Seriously Folks

Iz‘rlilor‘x Nule: llttt Seriously wlto’!

Leave WCDB Sports

To the lidltor:
in reading tltc ASI’ of Tuesday. March 1 l.
l cttmc across a very disturburg note irt your
front ptrge article entitled “Students Vote on
Tax lncr'casc." i am in total uwc to see that
SA is thinking of cutting WCDB‘s brotrd
casting budget for off-crunpus sports irt hall".
Since May of 1978. l have been the Sport:
Director of WCDB. only to have given up lit)
position itr December as i am currently study.
ing abroad itt London. As Sports Director.
tltc broadcasting of Varsity Football and
Basketball games were of tttrnost importance.
In it school frcqtterttly criticized for its.
apathy. sports is one of the few things that
still binds tltc university community together
Witt) cottld forch the classic games against
Ithaca irt football — a jammed lilcckcr
Stadium accompanied by ABC cameras. artd
then this year‘s ‘rcvcngc‘ rrtrttclt betwccrt tlrc
two irt rt bttltlc of the nation's seventh and
tcrttlr ranked lcttnts. How about the Barr)
(Tavanrtugh 35-foot jumper at the butter to
ptrt the Danes into overtime versus Union
College irt tlrc witttcr of I978 irt front of a
packed University (iyrnnasiurtt crowd. ()r tltc
Ray Cesare sltol with 4 seconds to go that
captured the championship irt the lilntir'a lrt-
vitatiorral 'l'ournarrtcnt.
The point that i am making is that WCDB
Wits there to bring you each and every ortc of
those garrtcs. Often leaving by 7:00 irt the
morning and not returning ttrttil lrttc at night,
the broadcast crews of WCDB travelled
\vltcr‘cvcr tlrc Icarus did —-- wlrctlter it be ltl’l.
()nconltt. Buffalo. or l)rtrtviilc. Kentucky.
('trttirrg these off-cantpus broadcasts are
not only totally unjust to tire trrtivcrsity and
public cornrtttrrtity. brtt us you will see if yott
look irt tlrc financial books of WCDB. it
rather frivolous act. A most libcr'al cstirntttc
ol' the costs for these grrrtrcs is $3,000 per
school year (i believe tlrcrtt to bc rrtttclt closer
to $2.()lX)-$2.5(X)). arid cutting this amount in

 

 

 

 

 

First, Draft Answers

What beautiful weather for boot camp.

SO far, it has not been a charming spring for our hostages in Iran.
They wait, as they have waited, clamped in a building for six months.

You can also bet that it hasn't been a joyous season for the
thottsands of disillusioned Iranians. They scream, as they have
screamed, demanding to be listened to. '

This mob is interesting. But they aren’t interviewed very often and
American T.V. news flashes their angry mugs on the tube for just a
few seconds, every once in a while. What these faces say, this we may
never know. -

The American public is once again being fed the government and
media line, it’s a very narrow one. For thirty years not one bad word
of the Shah. and now ltc is called a “Hitler.”

One has got to be pretty pissed—off to shout and scream for hours in
front of an embassy, each day. Maybe they all are “Islamic lunatics”
or “brainwashed followers." Could be. But why are we so afraid to
let the Americans look?

if thousands are screaming this Hitler tune, and even some hostages
themselves ltave pleaded for us to listen to them, then reason would
suggest that an examination is long overdue.

if, by sorrtc far—fetched chance. tltc allegations are true. and if each
of us was such art “oppressed” lranian, then you cart be damn sure
that you’d be part of this angry rttob.

if, by some far-fetched chance.

The lranian leaders are quite cortspicous. yet the mob is curious.
.lust what is making these humans- tick, and tock? This is a question
we Americans deserve a real answer to.

You see, we‘re on the verge of using military force; we have refused
an apology urtdcr arty circumstances. We have denied a complete look
at this Shalt until out peers are released.

This policy may kill them.

This policy may kill U.S. youth. Once again we ltave been asked to
blindly defend Mother when we haven’t been leveled with legitimately.

Demand some answers because pride is a terrible thing to abuse.

Yes, i! ’5 beautiful weather for boot camp.

 

 

Enale-hcd In 1916
Rich l. Bah-r. Iidrlor rrr Ulm'l
nob E. Grubmun. Mrrrrtururrr lirlrtor
. . . . . . . l,.rur.t l'trrterttino, Sylvia Saundan
. Susan Mllligart. Beth Scxcr
. Stuart Mutrttrtgrt. Bob O'Brien

News Editors . . . .
Aoooclute New. Edltoro

ASPectl Editor. . . . . . .

Associate ASPcctl Editors . . . Rob lzdcistcht. Ron Levy
Sportl Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . Paul Schwartz
Aolocllte Sports Editor. . . . Bob llrzllailore
EditorlllP-gco Editor . . . , . . . . . . . . . SlcwrtRolnlk

. . . . , , . . . . . Aron Smith

CopyEdItor . . .. . . 
Stalin/rite": l’ut llrrrrrlvy. llr'tlr (.‘urrtrnurntu. Kerr (furttor. Andrew Carroll. Harold Diamond.
.lrrdw ilet'Ililt‘I”. Mutlt l-‘isclrt-ttt, llrucc Fox. Muurr'urt Grunge. lid (ioodttmn. Whitney Gould. Marc
llrtspvl. Lorry Krrirrt, Amy Kaitlin, Douglas Koirrr, i)t'i)ilit' Kupl. Rich Krttslow. Kathy l’crlill, .lcll
Ht ltrloll. Mrlw wliiltilll‘rtlll Zodluc 8r Prevlew Editon: Carol Vollt. rittrrric Klein

Dabble Kupf. lirtsrtruss Mtrrrtntrtr

, . . . . . . , . . , . Steve Goldsteln

. . . . . . . . Lisa/\pplcbntrnt
. . llt'rmlc Brown. Miriam Rasplcr

. . . . . . . . . . Fran Glueckcrt

Advertising Manager

Billlnu Accountant . .
Aoolnunl Accountant-r .

Composition Manager

Sales: iilt'il hr-Irqsori, Stew (iortler Cluoolﬂad Manager: Rolrhrrt Block Componltlon: Mike
McDonald. Marilyn Mrrslrowit/ Advent-Inn Production Manager: Sue Housman Advent--
Inn Production: liditlr Burclsorr. Muttc /\tuttI (:llieriill. .lmtct Druylnss, Tammy Geiger. Joy

(iolrlsrr'rrt. l’r-rnry (irt'ctrstr'trr. litrth Mursdurt. Mlitt' Mt‘i)(tlli|iti, .loy i’rclt-r. Steve Robins Office

 

half is impractical. lftltc Strident Association
is so in rtccd of these $1,500. lct tltcrtt find it
Irorn another source. but for (ioti's sake.
don't take it front WCDB‘s 'ports budget.
Al'th it“. the Capital District ltas sortie
350,000 people. and cutting tltc allowance for
broadcasting the away games not only affects
the university. btrt tltc corrtrttttrrity us well.
You‘ve got three-quarters of a million dollars
to allocate each year. if you're so desperate
for these $l.500. then i strongly suggest rt
restructuring irt your priorities as to who gets
what. Yott would be hurting tt considerably
larger grottp of people if yotr make these
cuts. compared to tire few that wotrld benefit
by making another SA-t'trndctl basket weav-
ing group. ’l‘lrink rtbotrt it.

 

Ricky licnsignor
lot-Sports Director

 

Stu": llorrrttt‘ Stt-vcrts

Eric Koll. Vlncent Aiello, Production Managers
Ella-a Bach. LII! Bonglorno. Jov Friedman Assrrr'tutc Production Managers

Vertical Camera . .
Tupi-t Eltrlordlnnlro . . . . . . .

Photo-up: Slit‘ Bt’ltlillltltl. Mutir- ltnllrrrro. Tvplol: Rosemary Ft'llrllii. Marlo Gorbarlno.
September Kit'itt. l)citirtu iJiL'i), Dribble Schiller. Laurie Walters Proofrondoro: Rachel Cohen.
Mitchell (ircebnl. Sue Llcirtettstcrrt. Robin lxtrrrstcln. Arnold Rclch Chlullour: Rich Russell

Photography. Supplied principally by Unltrr-rstty I’lroto Sr'rtriCr'
Photographer” Rottnntr Kttlrtltrrll. [Job Leonard. Allen Cislcrn. Karl Chan, Steve lisscrt. MlitrI
Farrell. Mutlt llrtlcit. Marc licrtst‘ln-l. Dave Mncirsort. Steve ngro. Carolyn Seduwlck. Suna
Stclultunrp. Sue 'l'nylor. Tony 'l'ussrnottt. Wlll Yunnan
'I'lut Allrtrrty Student l’rcss is published t-rrr-rp Tuesday unri I’rldnyr during the school your by the
Albany Student Press Corporation. rrrr llltlr’llt’lllit'rtl rrot-[rrrtpro/tl corporation, lidhorluls are written
by the ffrlttor-trr-(flric/; policy is strbjt'rt tr: It‘iill'lll by the litilloriul lionrd. Mailing Address

Alirurry Sttulcrrt l’n-ss. f.‘(.‘ 329. Mill) Washington Arrc.. NY “3222

(Bill) dﬁ'l-HN‘IZ

 

 

WCDB

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

we show tltut we can write ortr own nurnes.

 

r'r‘i't‘r't't't t‘

 

