~ ﬁ..1~:.1imnmxiays~sw .

4:05.21:

LP,  

“Harv-.51

 

Blow Out The Candles

Peter

Happy birthday My Lai.

lt's your twelfth birthday, this won-
drous Sunday. and you thought we all
forgot.

I remembered.

I remembered because yotir birth was
such a spectacular and amazing event.

it was an awakening for all to ex-
perience. The massacre at My Lai was a
birthday party to celebrate your concep-
tioti. Lieutenant William Culley was ilie
tool to penetrate you with and America
is your father.

And what a glorious party it was!

A platoon of our khaki. good-old
American (il boys bearing tiieir gifts;
the llashy M-ltis and noisy M-7l)
grenade launchers.

They also brought deiiioct'acy. They
brought freedom and jitstice for all. All
this they wanted to share with you.

“No VC. no VC." the Silt) Viet-
namese sang iii ttiiisoii at yotii birthday
party. All of the old men. women. and
children carried a lovely. soft time as the
-\inei‘icaii party throwers herded them
.iigethcr.

lt’iI-lu~Iu-Iil the Amciicaii ditiiii iolls
sounded as those good Aiiiericaii boys
worked their M-los. The Vietnamese
bodies fell iii layers like the sanguine
slices of a birthday cake.

Happy birthday Lt. Callcy'.

And the party continued.

“Here‘s some apple pie and Mom."
one GI said as he grabbed a Victiiatitese
woman by her hair and ptit a .45 caliber
pistol to her stoic face. Her aims tt'ied to
shield her child from harm. Her eyes
were quiet and uncertain like a girl on
her first date. “Here's some
democracy." he said as his arm jerked
from the kick of the pistol and half her
stoic face was no more. Another (ll
bayoiicttcd the crying child of tlie
iaceless mother.

Happy birthday Cliailic Company.

[here w as plenty of cake for everyone
and many games for the American boys
to play. it was a shooting gallery as the
(il boys sltot down the l‘lceiiig \'ict-

Berezny

namese women who were carrying their
children. But the fireworks were the best
part of this party!

“Gather all the Vietnamese and ptit
tlicrii in the bunkers so they can .see bet-
ter." Lt. Calley said. The Americans
were taught during their cliildlioods to
be polite and hospitable.

“Boom. boom." went the grenades
and the bloodied Vietnamese cried in ex-
claim to this wondrous show.

Happy birthday America.

There have been many festive parties
in the past. Russia ltad one at Budapest
and the Germans threw many during
World War ll. The whole world throws
parties! Well. we are Americans and

 

wltat is good for them is good for its.
too. What joy‘. Atticrica might throw
another party in bait and maybe even
Afghanistan. lti fact. they ‘re planning to
send lll\ll‘dlltills out very soon
Everybody loves a party!

“if I get dral’ted." said a student at a
bar yesterday. “I want a .50 caliber
machine gun to blow [ran away." Ru-
IiI-IiI-Iu as his arms jerked from the kicks
of his imaginary gun. His friends nodd-
ed iii unison. He also wants to slice the
birthday cake.

()Ii Aiiiei'ica. don‘t you ever get tired
of all this pai'ty'iiig‘.’ lsii‘t your stomach
upset l'ioiii digesting all these birthday
cakes'.’ if the world continues to subside
on this poor tliel. there sooii won't be
anybody left to party with and certainly
no more birthdays to celebrate, I

 

Two Sides to Issue

To the Editor: . t .
It comes to my attention that this paper is

in disagreement with what controller Craig
Weinstock has or has not done. The manage-
ment of the ASP are so displeased with hiiii
that they chose to print only one side of the
story. .
To start, I would like to refute a claim
made by .liiii Castro-Blaiico and Ron Frank
that they were in fear of Mr. Weiiistock. ll
Castro-lllanco was so afraid, why then. when
living in an apartiitciit during the summer
with Mike Levy and Craig Weiiistock. did he
tell Levy'.’ Weinstock could and did find out
about this yet took no action against Castrov
lllaiico. So much for an atmosphere of fear.

Next. I move to the author of “ Thank You
5A". There is nothing lower than a person
who makes a derogatory continent and
doesn't liaye enough guts to ptit their name
on it. l'heie is also nothing lower than so-
iiieoiie who publishes a letter wttli those
stipulations.

Furthermore, I would like to state why

Craig \K’eiiistock took these actions. (‘raig
was upset (having just lost art electioni and
iiioyed to keep two close friends (Mitch and
Lisa) from being lllll'l. l'o giye the ASP and
their readers a chance to make the choice
Craig did. here is the situation: you the tak-
ing a test. your friend copies two answers off
the person sitting llt.'.\l to him. it doesn‘t af-
fect his mark (he gets a ll by si.\ questions).
the persoit seated tte.\t to yoit tittiis to you
and says. “Did you see that. l'iii telling the
professor." Knowing that your friend would
be in trouble and fail when he would have
normally passed, would you guy-l opium,
don't do that." or "(lo ahead. l'll back‘ you
up on it"?
Film“). to those people who say that this is
only a test for a single student. these are peo-
ple in high office. Remember. SA officers are
people also.

— Andrew Weinstock‘

Not Irreplaceable

To The Editor

The purpose of this letter is to let the
students ol Albany State know that l synt-
pathi/c with them on the recent actions
taken or not taken. by S.A. oil the cover
tip scandal. llie students of this scliiiol liaye
been cheated and abused.

As you all probably know. the actioti taken
by . .r\. is .t censure ol lllll Mitchell. .\laik
lat‘ayeite. ('iriiy: \\'einstock and all oi the
iiieiiibeis of (’otiiictl wlto knew about the
kIHL'l'lll‘ prior to March I. l‘)ls‘tl. This alone
with public Ictteis ol apology is the piiiiisli-
tiietit lot iiiil icyealiiiil a hand ill the election
oI |is.i .\L'\\lll.llk. l tiiii stiic that ii this

 

knowledge ol ballot switching was totiiid out

the election would have com
would see many other t‘- s :it s,,\,

Their reasons for covering up. seems it.
me. to he acts of love and friendship inward.
Mitchel Davis and Lisa Newiiiark. l think-.1.
friends they're great. but as (‘oiiiiciliiiaii or
future student representatives they ha...
shirked their responsibilities. The point
which 1 feel has been avoided. ls that they
committed a crime — the act oI cost-ii”p “pa
fraud in Lisa Newriiark‘s election v- in“.
now threatens S.A. A censure. a disappinial
is not going to do a lot of good. It is tiltiiiittte.
ly saying. say your sorry arid doii'i do I.
again. That's bullshit and we all l.|iii\\ ii, rho
resignations of Craig. Jini. Mark. ltllti Mitt-
l.evy were called for and should haye is..."
demanded by Central Council.

I also know that these people |i.i-.e done“
lot in the past. but that does not \\1lllillll
keeping them in office. SA. cotilil siiiiui-
witltotit these people. lliey .llt‘ not 1..
replaceable. and besides you don't have nits.-
iii office to work for SA. lliey cilllltl “till.
jtist as liaid. if they wish. as titlixy'lllt'd
students.

I arii totally disgusted with the .Ic‘littli lili.’
tttkeii by Central Council.

— Knit ( tiiiiiiiigliaiii
SA. (titlllslilllilll

I Am Shocked

To the Editor:

As an Albany State student who illtit‘ll‘
fees pay foi student goseiiiiiieiit. l .iii trod.
ed at the atrocious and deliiitiiiei. iv l:it\l'il
ol the iiiiscieattts who protess i. is oil!

 

 

 

 

 

an
scrapbook m.

 

iepreseiitathes.

l’lic SA. election covet-tip le'llii‘ii ‘l
the ineffectiveness of S.A. and . nits.-
quent investigation coiifiiiits ili.i illsit‘ll‘
government at Albany State is no: to it I tlt'dii
with seriously. Why should only iota ol ll'o.‘
many involved be asked it) resicii’ \ic li.i
Somacli. Gary Sliatsky. Fraril. ll.tlllll.|l‘..
Brian Levy atid Ed Klein using lllt‘ll hit. at
intelligence and morals as an emu-H ill my
eyes they are just as guilty ot’ilie  till-1‘
the olliers and they should be loiced  ic-iy'ii
along witli the rest of New triaik‘s iwiiiru

it the members of SA. were lllills' tori»
cerned with the students rather that illt'll
resumes for law school. maybe the tiit.ili‘\ iil
lifc wotild improve on eaiiiptis

—- Ntlliit' Witlilicltl l‘poti Keane“

Synchronized Anger

To the l-Zditor:

l aiii titteily appalled .ll 'il ‘2 :9
\\l|lL’ll women‘s sports is llt'.|"~i ‘
other such publications | art
tlit' Si Ni :\ Syricliiotii/ed t \L'lii
swim team coiisisiiiu- primarii.

 

Namibia HA6
HA EMEVFOE
VODTHS bait).

 

 

 

 

Mm b w

MOTH/DO
RM 7

YESTEWA‘K

div/[if

' Mm

 

 

'I'he
Telethon

Bis .
Brothel

tam-'1' our“...an it: s .-.

 

 

