 

 

 

 

 

$4. 50 for members

$4.

Blue,

75

Beige,

’ F°°dC°dnt 
NOW On Sale

 

for non-members

and Yellow Available

Pick them up Mon-Fri in the Food Coop

CD
Ell El

MEET THE CANDIDATES:

“ON THE PODIUM”
’Tuesdayv April 28— 8—9 pm
Intervieins with SA.

President and Vice President Candidates

and Call in YOUR QUESTIONS 457—7777

We must lake a few steps beyond the busy
posters. past the flashy slogans. and through
the rumors and popular faces.

We. as students, will be faced with the task
of voting for leaders for our Student Associa-
tion.

And we. as students. must make certain
that tlte best possible choiCe is made. a choice
that will better the quality of campus attd stu-
dent life here at SUNYA.

As in past years. the Albany Student Press
formed a candidate endorsement cotnmittee,
comprised of reasonably informed.
reasonably intelligent editors and managers
who are fairly versed in campus issues. Their
knowledge of campus affairs. and their
chance to see ntost of the candidates in action
during the year: this was the committee's
edge.

 

 

1

Very few students are going to have the op-
portunity, much less the desire. to contact the
candidates and bombard them with ques-
tions and topical concerns. Most would nor-
mally vote on the basis of the posters. pam-
phlets, handshakes, and the like. This was
the committee‘s purpose.

We put before you the culmination of our
sixteen hours of rather intense questioning.
arguing. analysis and debate. The process‘
rigidness was intended to ensure that
qualified leaders will be planted ﬁrmly in SA
soil.

We scanned the pack for a president and a
vice who we felt could work well with others,
who could eliminate any existing or potential
cliques and walls. who could begin to restore
credibility and integrity to a student govern-
ment in the Capital with a storage of unused

«gm...

l ASP EndOrsements - Securing the best possible."

power and potential.

We want a continuous and well-built
system of communication with the students
via a network of media. forums, quad visits.
and referendums; not elected ofﬁcials who
decide on their own what is best for
thousands. :

The committee also looked' at intelligence.
character and past performance. how each
stood on issues. their integrity and their plans
for dealings with faculty, administrators, and
students.

'Our leaders must be well-versed in univer-
sity policy. they must be responsive. and they
must ﬁght like hell when it deems ap-
propriate.

As the past has shown. these are not easy
jobs. Less than promising candidates ltave
had ineffective terms, and even promising

K

candidates have turned in disappointing per-
formances.

And so. after twofull days behind closed
doors, the ASP endorsement committee is
unanimous in its support for Gary Schatsky
as SA President and Frank Batman as Vice

Working together, a Schatsky/Batman
team has the best shot at offeriitg SUNYA
students progress, integrity. balance and purl
pose.

And it's about time.

Endorsement Committee:
Rich Behar
Laura Florentino
Rob 'Grubman
Debbie Kopf

- Ron Levy ‘
Aron Smith ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

Have You Ever Wondered About The
Mechanics of Predicting Election Results?
Learn about them from the Director of
Statistical Research of CBS News 1980
Election and Survey Unit

“Sample design and decision making for
estimating

Friday,

Presented

April

by

el

25, 4:30pm ES

Math

results”
143

ection

Students Association

 

l, loseph Frei, would like to

announce my resignation from
the1980 SA Presidental Campaign.

, I would like to thank all my sup-

porters for their effort and urge

them to support 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

International Students AssOCiation presents

International Dinner

 

 

dishes from all over the world

Dance to follow.

Brubacher Dining Hall
State University of New York at Albany

$5.00
$6.00

Please dress appropriately.

6:30 p.m.
Saturday, April 26,

1980

members or tax card

without tax card

SA Fund.‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

APRIL25&26 8:30
EXPERIMENTAL THEATRE

   

presents: "

1va

Words by Tom Jones

Music by Harvey Schmidt

Directed by Lesley Raff

Performing Arts Center

LQb Theot re

Seating Limited

Tickets ovolloble 1 hour
E c. 1

Free Admission 

PAC BOX OFFICE - 457-13606
Funded by student Association
my at Albany

W

 

 

lore our 0 n
$.—

 

\ .
SA President

Schatsky- Fact Finding Fighter

A week ago, Gary Schatsk y would not run for finan-
cial reasons. His supporters wanted him in the race
and put up the funds themselves.

The Albany Student Press endorses Gary Schatsky
for SA president due to his varied experiences.
outstanding leadership qualities, and plans for the
Association.

in meeting with Schatsky and in observing him
throughout the year, the committee found him to be
intelligent. dynamic. and demanding.

He also has one characteristic which is an asset for

A the job — Schatsky is a financial whiz.

Gary is probably best known for his work with
(against) the Follett7$UNY Bookstore in obtaining
contract alterations, student discounts, and policy

modifications. For many‘ years, SUNYA students ‘

have felt themselves up against a wall ——- trapped by
the prices and policy whims of a merchant which has
exerted an effective monopoly on the SUNYA lex-
tbook market. After an exhaustive study of
bookstore finances, and comparisons to similar
operations at other colleges, Schatsky approached
the/management with facts. figures, and workable
solutions which have since been instituted. Once he
knew that students were behind the reforms. as
demonstrated by the well-publicized sit-in, he took
the lead assertively and effectively.

His philosophy is simple and to the point —— “You
better know your facts well, and then you fight like
hell."

it is important for any SA president to have exten-
sively dealt with the legislative branch, and to be
aware of the procedures and peculiarities of Central
Council. Schatsky’s two-year service on Council

places him within this context.

   
   

(Photo: UPS)

 

.1  i '.  f. .

. . a. ..
The ASP endorses Frank Baitman for SA Vice Presi—
dent based on his utmost sincerity. his experience.
and his untapped potential for a tnorc effective stu-
dent government. We fecl his activity in a whole
variety of campus groups and his association with a
diverse set of people coupler] with a realistic sense of
SA do qualify Buitmun for the position.

 

Besides executive ability and legislative experience,
we were pleased with the variety of his activity.

He has worked extensively on UAS. possessing an
understanding of its finances. and worked toward
feasible alternative board plans. He helped expand

the credit tinion and its financial assets. worked for'

emergency phones on campus, helped rte-establish thc
ACT course assessments. was Class of '81 president,
:1 Finance Comntittce ntctpber, Athletics Finance
Committee Chair. etc.

The list is extensive.

Besides his past accomplishments, the committee
was overwhelmed with his plans — plans which we
felt could be implemented once Schatsky was given
the key.

He wants to open communication with referen-
dums whereby students can propose. enact. or reject
legislation passed by SA. This idea is quite extensive
and complex. Yet if Schatsky can make it a reality.
then we will finally have a democracy.

Tying groups together for joint efforts. systems of
food coupons. a nutritional snack bar. and a legal
challenge against unwarranted holds on student
records —— these are just a few more.

What the committee found in Schatsky was not an
assertive politician with empty plans and ac-
complishments. We examined his track record. tied it
in with his character and plans, and got a lot of
positive feedback.

SA needs a fact finder to lead students. and his
pcristencc and pcrscrverance will be assets in dealing
with administrators.

After this past year of relatively weak leadership.
progress. and communication. Schatsky is the one to
bounce SA back with a thrust. He ltas stressed the
potential power SA has stored up behind the paper-
work and parliamentary ruts. and if given the go-

Vice President

‘ presidential race only

1

(Photo: Bob Leonard)

 

ahead, Schatsky will come around.

Gary is not very well liked by the present ad-
ministration und this fact disturbed us. But then we
looked deeper and found this to be an asset.

The present SA administration is a slow-moving
clique behind walls. Little attenth has been made to
bring students into the group as can be cited by tltc
lack of ample succeeding freshmen and sophomores
in SA. the absence of leaders visiting students on the
quads. one newsletter in the fall. and no letters or
columns in this very newspaper by present leaders.
What’s more important, not a single referendum on
an issue was sent to students to see how they
themselves feel.

The only fault we fottttd in Schatsky is that he can
be too pushy, and at times. overbearing. lint chun-
ncled appropriately and with otltcrs’ watchful eyes.
this can be a true asset.

The time has come for constructive change and
reorganization, and the ASP feels that this can be
found in Gary Schatsky.

Baitman- The Moral Candidate

What the endorsement committee liked best of all
about Frank was his stable. yet open character. He
has proved himself to he assertive. yet not aggressive
in past performances with both students and ad—
ministrators. Drop Frank in a room packed with
angry dogs and, chances are. he may cotne up with a
workable solution.

Frank is the moral candidate, he hasn't a
distasteful word for many and he is not one to waver
from side to side when faced with opposition. Stu—
dent concerns are more important to Baitman. and
the committee believes him. “l’olitieking” and SA
tcrcsts don't come into his picture.

Serving two years on Central Council, and chairing
the Student Services Committee. liaitmun achieved
reforms in refrigerator contracts, housing contracts.
book discounts. and bus grievances.

His familiarity with campus resources and his
knack for common sense, compromise. and redress
has gushed much red tape. so well known at SUNYA.

As a Vice President. Buitman would hopes to
separate academics from student services and to
eliminate the "office manager" aspects of the role.
changes which are long overdue for an administra-
tion's effectiveness.

Students may itot see many brilliant and elaborate
changes with littitmun. but the ability to move a gray
office into one of clarity would be his.

You can forget about cliques. stagnation, and
scandals with Baitman as Vice. His personality
wouldn't let it happen. He's too damn moral. This
guy really is out for students and SA needs his ser-
vices and his leadership badly.

A Schatsky/Batman balance could be one of the
most progressive, effective, and focused administra-
tions in recent SA history.

