  

by Amy Kantor

Even when the Albany State
women’s soccer team beat the Siena
Stings, 5-1 in the home opener last
Thursday, head coach Amy Kidder
and. her team held reservations
about the celebration.

“We didn't play as well as we did
during the pre-season,” Kidder
said. But compared to the Danes.
who earned a 6-3-2 record in 1979,
“we're a 100 percent better club."
she remarked. "This year we have
to tighten the defense, continue the
strong offense and take good
percentage shots.”

it was that defensive combina-
tion, especially up the middle,
which worked so well for two Dane
scrimmages against Williams and

Berkshire Comnrtinity Colleges’

earlier this month.

But Albany experienced some
roublc following titis formula in
ltc first gartte of the Wilt) official
.cason, spendiitg too rrnrcli little in
the goal urea rather than shooting
frorn outside, “and not spreading
out the defense," said Kidder.

'l'hc Dane hallbacks [Elaine Many
(left), Lisa France (center). and
Gina Soldo (right). had some trott-
blc shooting the ball in the early
part of the match. lltit, jtts'l riiorc
than live millulcs irtto action.
freshman Elaine Many scorctl the
first of the five "lucky" Albany
goals.

Eight players have returned to the

 

Dane team this year, and Kidder
boasts a “good nucleus" of soccer
experience.

Veterans center strike Chcrrice
Buel and left wing Sue Stern

demonstrated old forces on the next
Dane goal. Notched two mintites
after Many's point, Stern found the
Sicna weakness and passed the ball
on to Buel. who quickly sent it past
Sting goalie Sharon Huneun.

With a 2-0 lead, the Danes held

Sicna tightly, keeping most of the
game action in the Sting end of the
field. Weak Sicna fullback play,
and the Sting goalie (who didn't
punt the bail for more than 20 yards
during the match), gave Albany an

early advantage —- an advantage
which began to reﬂect in their own
play.

Albany took more than il

minutes to score their next point,
and after rookie right wing Lynne

 

Burton dropped the third goal in,
Kidder saw the Danes “sit back".

“Siena scored on a fluke,"
remarked Kidder when Sting left
wing Tina Bulich ﬁnally put her
team on the scoreboard. Dane
goalie Lauren Johnson was caught
outside the penalty box and the
Albany wail cracked. “The other
team just kicked the ball in before
we got set up," said Johnson.

it was more Albany's game in the

The women hooters expiodetl for 42 shots-on-goal while scoring five goals on route to their 5-1 victory
over Sienu. The team, coached by Amy Kidder, next faces Colgate on Wednesday. (Photo: UPS)

Boaters Drop

Women Boaters Net Opener With Re
Early Difficulties Dim 5-1, Win -

 

  

0 .
page 23,

servations

second half. They came out to play
better organized and exhibited the
good passing they worked on dur-
ing the pre-season. “This year, we
have been working to coordinate
the total defensive effort between
the stopper and sweeper backs,"
commented Kidder.

The coach’s “extremely fast" left
and right wing combination of Bur-
ton and Stern came through for the
Danes as Stern upped the score, 4-1,
in favor of Albany less than five
minutes into the second period.
This was more than a pltrs for Kid-
der, who has been working with ‘
assistant coach Chris llchrens, to
coordinate all the backs, “to get the
wing backs to work with the full
backs," said Kidder.

Strong, consistent play
throughout the game came front
France. who scored the last shot of
the game. sealing the 5-] Albany
victory, dropping Sietia's record to
0—3. “We began to relax after the
first few goals, btrt in the second
period otrr passing finally improv‘
ed," said France.

“it was hard to play against an
inexperienced club like Siena,"
France continued, ectroing the sen-
timents of her coach, who looks
forward to tougher competition
from Colgate. Hartwick and Spr-

, ingfield, "judging from last year.“

Kidder called France the “key in
the Albany offensive structure,“
continued on page 22

Final Albany Drive Blocked; Danes Lose 6-2

by llob ilellul‘iore

Albany fullback (.‘lruck
just sat on the i5 yardline — ltall'ori
his knees, half on his heels ~ and
watclted the celebration in the eird
lone.

Southern Connecticut State (‘ol~
lcge safety Joe lioselli was being
swatnpcd by his teammates in the
meanwhile. ile had knocked down
Dane quarterback Mike i-‘iorito‘s 11‘
yard pass to .luck llurgci in that end
lone, and preserved the Owls (r-Z
" Saturda at Universit'

l’tioic

Field.

Despite dominating statistically.
Albatty could not put togetlici any
kind ol'consistcnt offensive dispaly.
After their second consecutive font -
play possession in the first quarter
(netting a total of i2 yards), Albany
printed over to the Owls. Southern
(‘onnectictrt their went 7() yards, the
big play bcitig a 44-yard rtrn by
halfback Rich liiros. Freshman
Angelo (.‘ampagna kicked the first
of his two field goals, this one fiorii
the 24. and the Owls led. .‘l-(i.

 

 

Dane nub quarterback 'l‘orn Pratt topples for extra yards Saturday after-
noon. Albany is now 0-2. (Photo: Steve Essen)

Albany had the breaks, too, bitt
were unable to capittrli/c on any of
tlrcrrt. lior one. Dane linebacker,
iiob (‘ohcu intercepted a pass, hilt a
rottgltiug~t|rc~pusct penalty pushed
the ball back to the Albany 33
yardliric. After rrrovirig to the S('S(‘
.14 behind l’ltttiio's replacctrierit.
'i‘om l’iatt. though, placckicker'
Dario Aiango quick kicked out of
field goal i'ornuttion, aiitl the Danes
remained scoreless.

()u the other hand. the ()wls
riiadc the most of their few chances
against the stittg)‘ Albany defense.
linebacker Steve Silversey
pounced onto a liurger firrnhlc on
lllc Dane 20, four plays later. (‘am-
pagria threaded the uprights front
.i‘i yards out.

The only real Aibrrn scoring
threat in the second half before the
last minute of play was a just-wide
<4 )ard field goal atterript by
Airingo.

'iwo crucial fourth down plays
torrld've turned the tide for Danes
otfcnsively. Witii lel left in the
first rprarter and Albany down by
three points, Albany licatl coach
liob Ford was faced with a fourth
and one from the SCSt‘ fotir
ynrdiine. arid decided to go the the
touchdown. ilrrt iiur'gcr. who had
only six yards on nine carries, got
caught for a three yard loss, and
S(‘S(‘ took over.

Willi 2:35 to go iii the game.
Albany had a fourth anti three bit
the Owl l3. lilorito kept the ball iti-
sterrd of pitching .to the open
liurger, and fell oitc yrird short.
When SCSC couldn’t trrove the
bail, ptiriter 'i‘ony Srtritilli run out of
the erid Zone for a safety, giving the

Datics their only two points.

Tire ensuing free kick put Albany
back on offense on their own 35,
with 0:52 left. An ii-yard pass to
iiurger, a i4~yard burst by Prime,
and passes to Tim Votraw aritl
lirucc Dey for eight and 22 yards,
respectively put the ball on the
SCSC ll. with fotrr ticks left.
That's when Boseili made his big
play.

“i thought we were off to the
best start ever with the wishbone ol-
fensc." said Ford. “We were mov-

ing wcll. brrt we just weren‘t putting
the ball in the end zone," he corr-
tirrtretl.

The Albany offense has now
gone eight firii quarters against the
Owl defense without scoring a
point. Also. it is the first titnc since
i976 that Albany has lost their first
two games. when ithaca College
and SCSC both shut them otrt.

The Danes now begin a swing of
three consecutive roatl games, going
to llroekport State next Saturday.

 

 

 

    

 

t}?

   

 

Albany iullhuelt ('lrtrt‘lt i'rlore was the lending runner (90 yards) in Sutur-
tiuy it 6-2 Harte loss to S(‘S('. tl'hoto: Steve Essen)

 

Theatre ermer
Wants to work with "capable" students.

 

 

 

photo: Will Vumrln

by WhitneyGould

Students and directors in the
theatre department can debate more
than acting techniques now that
university casting policy is in ques-
tion.

A controversy has arisen over the
casting of two actors from outside
SUNYA in a university production
of Two Gentlemen of Verona. A
committee has been formed to ex-
amine the subject of “outside com-
petition”. '

Current casting policy states that
“registered university students
should be favored in the casting"
by the directors of major university
productions. However, according
to.,thc presidept of the Theatre
Council. Louise Simone, "last
year every major production had
people cast from outside the univer-

 

Vol. LXVII No.29

 

 

 

 

 

$11,000 Loss

by Ken Gordon

Moritanaro.

this loss we’re not going to be able to.“
According to Montanaro, International

causes for the loss.

spent $1600 iii five days on publicity.

average) of the tickets.

Montaiiaro.

 

   
   

 i/‘p 

Marshall 'l'uelter [land

No More Big Concerts
After Tucker Show Fails

Due to an $1 i.000 loss irierrrred through the Marshall Tucker con-
cert on September 23, the University Concert Board (UCB) will avoid
any more major concerts this year, according to UCB Chair David

"We just can‘t afford to risk another major loss,
Montanaro. "We'd like to bring more shows to students. Now with

(iCM), irianagers of Marshall Tucker, refused to allow publiciton ex-
tend outside of the camptrs until five days before the concert, This,
along with the competition of the Queen concert at the Glens Falls
Civic Center on the same night, were cited by Montanaro as major

Montanaro felt the publicity refusal by lCM was due to the fact that
Marshall Tucker had sold out at SPAC twice this srimme', so the
management felt a sell out at the Palace Theater would be automatic.

When UCii received approval from Tucker’s management, they

UCB contracted the Marshall Tucker iiand in late August. well
before the plans for the Queen concert were made public.

Other reasons cited for the failure of the concert were the fact that it
was on a Tuesday night. student apatiiy. 811d lllC inflﬂlCd Price (59

“People just don't have the bucks to spend on concerts." explained
This isn't the first time a UCii concert has failed, ltc added. Mort-

tariaro reflected on last year‘s disastrotis Todd Rundgren/Utopia cori—
cert, another big loser, totaling “0.000. He also noted an rrnstrccessftil

1

comment ed

CreatiVe Management

 

continued on page five

 

Concert [1qu UCII back ill/.000.

photo: rim Medium |

.1 “I”
 

 

  

PAC Debates Casting Policy

sity community." -

At an open faculty meeting
Wednesday, students and faculty
expressed their opposing views on
the matter of casting productions.
According to Professor Jerome
Hanley. “The director of a produc-
tion must have artistic discretion.
No one is casting outside the stu-
dent body maliciously.” Technical
Student Steve Greenberg, however,
argued, “Acting students shouldn’t
have outside competition. This is
educational theatre."

Students auditioning for universi-
ty productions may also face com-
petition from a faculty member.
According to SA Controller lra
Somacli, “Students feel alienated
that a faculty member may take
their position. important ntimbers

 

 
 
 
  

of the students may leave because
they feel the pressure is too great."

Theatre Department Co-Chair
and Director of Two Gentlemen of
Verona, Albert Assermely. stated,
“Our job is . . . to work with
students who are capable. This has
generally been possible."

One function of the University
Production Committee, composed
of two students and five faculty
members. is to choose shows that -
are eastable within the student
population. When a director wishes
to cast someone outside the univer-
sity community, he must receive
permission from the Production
Committee. Dr. Assermely did not
request permission when be cast
outside the university for the play.
According to Assermely, he was
unaware of that policy.

 

 

StohUtiDrdty oth VMI'NMM

 

FR“) PX

  

 

519mm Alb-01 NM m» Corporation

 

 

  

Approximately 35 members of the Cnpltal District Anti-Nuclear Alliance (LDANA) and SUNYA Coali-
tion Against Nukes (CAN) marched from State and Eagle Streets to the Federal Building on Clinton Street
Wednesday in an “emergency protest" against the arms race and a memorial for the soldier killed in the
Titan missile accident. According to CDANA member Bob Cohen, a letter to Representative Samuel Strut-
ton was read stating that “to prevent further accidents. all Inter-Continental Ballistic Missiles should be
Retired, and no more land missiles built. We cannot gain security with more armaments." rut-"Iv: Wlll Yunm-n

 
   

i. ,H:

 

 

Albany Woman Cries Rape

Police Charge Her With False Reporting

 

by Wayne l’eereboom

An Albany woman who reported
she had been assaulted in bed has
been charged with two counts of
falsely reporting arr incident, accor—
ding to Albany detective Lt. H.
John Damino.

According to Dnmino, Maria
'i‘atco, 23. of 190 South Allen St.
reported that in the early morning
hours of August 18th a rtian broke
into her apartment, tied her legs
and artiis down iri bed and proccetl<
ed to rtib vasolitic on her sexual
organs before leaving.

Damino said ire first became
stispicioris when Tateo contended
that she had retriairicd "sound
asleep” through ,the incident.
However, he said, ."we could not
disprove her story sitice there were

no witnesses." Further, Damino
stated that there were “friction
marks" on Tateo's wrists and
ankles which would indicate that

she had been tied tiown. Police later

discovered that these marks had
been sclf—inliicted.
Daniino added that on

September 6, Ting) reported that at
3 ii.m. a “white male" had at~
tempted to break in her kitchen
door, shouting "l’ve come to get
you," before apparently being
scared away. Again, no charges
were placed against Tateo.
However. according to Dt. Mar—
tin Syszyk of the Colonic Police
department, Tateo reported on
September 23 that she had been
raped the previous evening in the
Colonie Center parking lot. Syszyk
said Tateo "couldn't substantiate

anything." and medical reports
showed no sign of rape. Question-
ing, he said, led to her admitting
that she had "fabricated" the rape
story.

Damino said that after further
questioning by the Albany police
department, Tateo admitted her
reports of August l8 and Septerrrber
6 were false.

Albany Rape Crisis Center Direc-
tor Vicki Abinader said that a case
such as this “taints the credibility of
all future rape victims."

Tateo was arraigned in Albany
police court on Tuesday and is
scheduled to appear in Colonic on
October 1 for one count of false
reporting.

Tateo could not be reached for
comment.

 

 

