 

 

 

 

‘» 'CApsoles

Carey’s School Aid Cuts Rejected

ALBANY, N.Y.~ (AP) State Sen. John Marchi, chairman
of the Senate Finance Committee. said Monday that his
committee would reject Gov. Hugh Carey's proposal to cut
$47.6 million in state aid to 25 school districts for current
school year operations. “it is an irresponsible proposal,"
said Marchi in remarks prepared for delivery before the
State Council of Scitool Administrators. 'i'he Staten island
Republican-Conservative said, “it is akin to violating a
contractual obligation." if approved, Marchi said the
Carey proposal could cause “early closings of schools.
layoffs of teachers and other educational personnel; in
other words, a wholesale disruption of the public school
system in many parts of our state.”

Reagan Wants Military Presence

FLORENCE, S.C. (AP) Rortald Reagan called on Thurs-
day for an American presence in Pakistan. saying President
Carter deceived people with his vow to confront Sovtct ex-
pansion in Southwest Asia. “We itave every reason to be
there" to prevent further Soviet moves in'the Persian Gulf
region, the former California governor said tn a campaign
appearance. Asked whether he was advocating the station-
ing of U.S. military forces in Pakistan, Reagan replied that
he preferred not to be speciﬁc. He said he would have more
to say on Pakistan in the next two weeks. Reagan also urg-
ed establishment of air arid naval bases in the Middle East,
East Africa and Southwest Asia. “We are in a power poker
game with the Soviet Union." said Reagan, who is seeking
the Republican presidential nomination. “Graitt em-
bargoes and threats to refuse to attend the Olympics are not
responsive to the Soviet call of our hand. Reagan accused
Carter of having deceived the public by raising hopes that
the lranians may work with the United States to resist the
Soviets. He also said Carter also decicvcd Americans by
vowing initially not to accept Soviet troops in Cuba and
then acquiescittg to their presence.

Reagan harshly criticized Carter's State of the Unionad-
dress as a weak, rhetorical response to the Soviet movcinto

ﬁAnound Campus

Group To Check Bookstore

A newly formed group called the Advisory Bookstore
Committee ltas been established in order to deal with of~
ﬁcial university bookstore policies and involve students irt
management decisions. . I

The scvcnvmembcr committee, which will determine its
membership this week, has been created irt response to last
semester's bookstore shirt. The group will meet to “sct its
goals," form suggestions, arid discuss ideas with Bookstore
Manager Gary Deart.

However, since the group has rtot yet been formed, Dean
has been responsible for choosing weekly sale items, it task
which will be carried out by the committee.

Certain non-book items have been chosen for sale pur-
poses, and are sold at a to percent discount. Last week. the
drugstore sold certain toiletries.

Dunk 0n Miller

O.K. all you Itoop fanatics, get ready to compete itr it
"One on One" basketball game. starting February 3.

Ctl-KptHhtll'L’tl by Miller Highlight and SLJNYA's AMI/\-
WiRA, tltc promotional event is being orgtlni/cd to
stimulate 'ultltlL‘lll involvement, explained Miller Campus
chrcscnttrtivv. l)rtvc Glcntton and Chip Goldberg.

in order to be eligible for participation. players cannot be
lcttcred itt intercollegiate basketball.

iicrc are the tournament rules and awards:
Men's Division —— Two Height Groups:
I. six feet and under
2. (Jvcr six fcct ’

Winners from caclt height division will play for $100 litru
Prize, 550 Second Prize. 'i‘-shirts or Tube Socks will be
awarded to the final 32 players irt each height division.
Trophies will be awarded to the top two irt each division.
Women‘s Division —~ No hcigbt restrictions.

$50 First Prize, I6 Consolation Prizes. One on Our:
T-sltirls or Tube Socks. .

This evertt is one of several which will take place later in
the year. So get ready, for a big Tug O' War and more.
Miller has sponsored SUNYA events in past years.

 

k

Afghanistan, saying the retaliatory steps taken solfar are in-

adequate.

Women Voters Seelt Tax Breaks

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) The League of women Voters pro-
posed Monday that all homeowners be gtven permanen(i
set breaks on property taxes, to replace the haphazard an
irregular tax breaks which many now get. The league thgs
became the most prominent lobbying group to endorse t e
idea of classification assessments, as a way out of the
massive restructuring of the property tax which threatens
homeowners across the state in coming years. Gov. Hugh
Carey embraced a similar idea in his State-of:the-Stat;
message on Jan. 9. But no such plan seems to have much
chance of enactment this year, an electron year.tn wittc
legislators apparently want to stay as far as posstble away
from the hot topic of property taxes. At issue rs a court ru -
ing which may one day force all taxable property in the
state to be assessed at its full value — in the process doing
away with the huge irregularities in the way tndrvrdual pro-
I’iertics around the state are now assessed and taxed. Since
inost of the irregularities now work to theadvantage of
some homeowners, a switch to full value is expected to
result in higher property taxes for most businesses.

Carter Budget To Spark Defense

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter admittistratiort. mindful
of the Soviet intervention in Afghanistan, made clear
Thursday it is willing to sell military equipment to
China—excluding weapons. Pentagon officials revealed
that Defense Secretary Harold Brown, during his recent
visit to Peking, told Chinese officials the United States is
“prepared to consider on a case-by-case basis” the sale of
some cquuipmcnt which could be turned to military use.
Defense Departmcrtt officials. who asked not to be iden-
tified, said negotiations on such sales are only at
preliminary stages and actual shipments would be many
months away.Dcfcnse Department spokesman Thomas B.
Ross told reporters that military equipment considered
available to the Chinese could include trucks, communica-
tions gear and “certain types of early warning radar." “No
decision has been made as to what specific equipment ritight
be sold to China, nor itavc the Citiriesc made specific re-
quests," Ross said.

Circle K For Care

The Albany Circle K Club will observe Circle K Week
February 3-9, l980, according to club president Lori Whit-
man.

Circle K is a coeducational collegiate service organization
sponsored by Kiwanis internatiortal with 12,000 members
in 750 clubs throughout the United States, Canada,
Jamaica, and the Bahamas.

Circle K Week is an annual event dating back to l966.
The purpose of the event is to build club morale; strengthen
relations with the Kiwanis sponsor and brother organiza-
tion, Key club intcrttational (a high school service organiza-
tion); protnotc the Circle K ittternatiorial theme; rccrttit
new members; and edttcatc the public about Circle K ac-
tivities, including service projects.

Local Circle K Week activities will include: participation
irt tltc First Annual SUNY Albany Winter Carnival, bring-
ittg a grottp of senior citizens from Teresian House to a per-
formance at tltc Pcrformittg Arts Ccrttcr on the SUNY cttm-
ptts. and possibly taking a group of orphaned cltildrcrt
skating at tltc skating rink by tltc Empire State Plaza.

The 1979-80 Circle K international theme is
“Cnring...Lifc's Magic." During this period of tirttc, (‘ircic
K clubs, irtclttdirtg tltc local group, will be organi/irtg and
conducting service projects rclrttcd to the tltcrttc objectives
of helping tltc lottcly child, tltc ttbuscd child. and tltc child
iii crisis.

Downtown Buses Reduced

Budgetary restrictions itlltl drivcr illness llill't: contributed
to at recent rcduction itt SUNYA bus service to Aittrrttti
Qtttttl ttnd other downtown areas.

According to Physical Plant Director Dennis Stevens, tltc
rcct-rtr “position l‘t‘cczc" has resulted iii a rcdttctiott of
drivers, as vttczntt positions rctrtaitr urttillcd. itt addition,
scvcrttl drivers have been unable to work because of illncss.

lit a letter to Alumni ()tntd residents tutti downtown area
bus rider's, Stevens and Dean for Student Affairs Ncil
Brown, informed students that buses will riot rnccl tttt~
nottncct’t schedules.

"We've tried to compensate for the two and a half posi-
tion rcductiort already." said Stevens. “it depends on tltc
driver and illness is an additional factor for the problem.”

Stevens added that he is authorized to spend minimal
overtime money. “Last week, i wasn‘t allowed to spend
any.”

Schedule changes will be made as quickly as possible.

 

 

#1

 

Darciima:
JANUARY 28, 1 980

Kennedy Calls for Changes

WASHINGTON (AP)-Sen. Edward M. Kennedy. vowing
to stay the course in'his campaign for the White Home.
called today for a six-month freeze on wages arid prices rt,
be followed by mandatory economic controls. He said 21
United Nations commission should investigate trrrrr'.
greivanccs againstslhe deposed shalt. in a speech intended
to rekindle his faltering challenge to President Cttrtcr. Kerr.
ncdy also called for a mandatory program of gasoline rttA
tioning that he said would cut American oil use by L7
million barrels a day, or 24 pcrcertt of current imports, on
foreign affairs, Kennedy said Carter’s response lo the
discovery of Russian troops in Cuba last year “may have
invited the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan." Arid while
calling for strengthened American naval and air forces in
the Persian Gulf region, Kennedy opposed tltc presitlcnt'.
proposal for rettcwcd draft registration as a “Step rrcrrm
the titre. hhold of Cold War ll." Titc speech was prepared
for an audience at Georgetown University hcrc. Kcttttcdy
had canceled four days of campaigning itt New Iittglrtntt to
etch more clearly his differences with the Carter ittlllllttistrtb
tion.

Shah Spokesman Denies Arrest

PANAMA CITY, Panama (AP) A spokesman for the
deposed Shah of iran said Thursday he is not under :lttcd
and strengthened security forces around his (‘otttttdoru
islartd retreat are for his protection. Spokesman .\trtrl.
Morse said the shah is free to go wherever he \tttttis ttl
Panama and is free to enter or leave the country. Mttlttlttl-
mad Rcza Pahiavi and his wife have bcctt staying on lllt‘
island since Dec. IS, when he left the United Sitttcs tollotr.
ing treatment for cancer arid gallstones. lratt’s torctrtrr
trtirtistcr, Sadcgii Ghotbazadch, repeated Thursday ltls Ltlllv
tctition that the shah was in effect under arrest. (ilrtrllt-
zadcli told newsmcn in Tehran the shah was not behind
bars because of illness, but his confittcrncrtt at his tcttlctl
villa was the same as imprisonment. Ghotbzudclt crtth-d tltc
news conference to amplify his remark tltc day bclttlc lllttl
the shalt had been arrested by the government of l’ttttttttttt.
That remark caused confusion after Panamanian tritit‘mls
denied the shah had been arrested.

Committee Urges Games Boycott

WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate Foreign Relations t ont-
mittce voted 14-0 today to urge that no Americans tltlctttl or
compete in this summer's Olympic Games itt Most-mt it lltt'
International Olympic Committe permits them to go tor-
ward. Voting after ntorc than four hours of dcbtttc. lllt‘
panel also called on Secretary of State Cyrus R. Villit't.’ to
intensify efforts to persuade other ntttions to sttppott tltt‘
U.S. policy. it called on the international ()Iytttpic (‘ntn-
ttiittc to pr_orrtptly agree to the proposal that tltc l'itlllw be
cancelled or transferred to another site. And it \liltl the t()(‘
should give ttrgcttt consideration to tire idctt of t”|c;tlt|t;' pct-
martcnt ltotttcs for tltc summer and witttcr ()lyrttptt‘ (31mm.
“including ottc iii Greece, the country of their orient." the
votc came after Deputy Secretary of Static \\ .I‘u'lt
(‘itristophcr rcsttttcd Carter administration pohct thu lltt‘
United States should ttot be playing gtttucs in Mo .t ov. ultllt‘
tr Soviet army of occupation rctttttins itt Afylhrutxt III.

Lake Placid F ieldhouse (bum in

LAKE PLACII). N.Y. (Al’) lllc “Mm lltllltvrtt HM :trt't
l:lcltlltt)llw hits l'luttkcd tltc littcst irt tt ltlllt' ‘t'llt - I “"l:
studies and needs repairs to avoid at Ittrssllrlt' "v wt ' » ~
accident that could collapse part of in. ttrtrl. Ilrr mil
should he completed well before tltc \Vitttt‘r (hunt
llltllllll. iittginccting experts who gttvc tltc t‘t'rtcrrtllt l
building at trtuch—bttllyhoocd clctttt hill of hortltlt Ittut Ittlt
Thursday that their ctrriicr report was liil‘it‘tl lll prtrt tin 1"
correct information. Repairs bcgtttt this \\t.'t.‘l. .tlir't .r tom'-
titnc government critic of the building [)t'L'l‘ttllt'tl ttt“‘“ 'l‘”
engineers to personally check inspection rcporn tut trttttnl
Welds. “We went down tltc lttllliJ.L‘l linc, rrrrrt iltt‘lt' \u'tt‘
'l'tangcrs where there weren't proper \vcltls," ~..trtt Rube“
Fowler a partner ill the respected New York f'it) t'ltt'lllt‘L‘l‘
ing firm of Skilling, i'icllc, Cirristiattsctt tutti littlu'llllm
"The weld was ttndcrsizcd or not its long its it “th ttltllt‘tllt'yll
to have been. Then a trtttclt different picture shutW‘l "l"

The critic, fcdcrrtt Economic Development tltltttltttuttdiitlll
engineer David Ev us, had insisted all along lltttl tltc Iltillil'

.tltl

 

ttrotlt building was filled with “shoddy C”“‘“‘“"“"'“

 

;_.._.,-..v.:... , , . , ...

 

nc‘~.t '
lizlllt‘tl ‘

. January 29, 1980

Albany Student Press

Mental Patient Fo'un'leot Guilty '

by Janice Reinhart .
A 32-year-old. Albany resident
who fired a sirigie sltot at SUNYA

Police ofﬁcer Lawrence Gaal late v

last month has beeg found not guil-
ty of second degree attempted
murder, by reason of insanity.

William A. Mckut'llty. a
psychiatric out-patient at Albany’s
Veterans Hospital, claimed ltc was
on his way to titurder his in-laws
when ltc took a short cut through
the SUNYA campus and had his
run-in with Gaal. '

ThtL“not guilty". verdict came
~ from Albany County Court Judge
John .J. Clyne last Monday, after
McCarthy admitted to the shooting
and entered his insanity plea.
According to SUNYA Police of-
ficer Doug Kern, Gaal was making
his regular evening rounds when he
spotted McCarthy in a wooded arc‘a
between Perimeter Road and
Washington Avenue, north of State
Quad. Believing McCarthy to be a
stratidcd ntotorist, Gaal left his
patrol car to investigate tltc situa-

tion. McCarthy then fired a single

shot at Gaal with the .22 giiber'

semi-automatic riﬂe he had been
carryitig. According to Kent, Mc-
Carthy's gun jamnted. and he was
then apprehended by Gaal. Before
being taken into custody, McCarthy
, .raiscd tltc weapon above his head in
a gesture of surrertder, arid then
hurled it through tltc windshield of
Gaai’s patrol car.
According to Gaul, McCarthy

had been a psychiatric ont—paiient~

for approximately ten years and

Kennedy. Resigns from OCA

 

Cites SA Budget Cuts as Factor

by Whitney (ioultl

Due to SA butlch cuts turd clung-l

ing luck of group trccoruplisluncnt,
Off Campus Association (OCA)
(‘oor'dintttot John Kennedy resign—
ed January 25.

He cited SA il\ unwilling to act on
issues pertaining to tltc off campus
student. He felt SA was it tuttitt
block to ()(‘A‘\. success, \\lill issues
such as bus rotttc cirtttrgcs and alter-
ntrtivc housing options.

"it seems that he are the only
folks \\'litl rcttll)‘ tttkc our efforts to
heart. The university is slow to res—
pond ttnd virtually llllpt)‘.\ll)lt‘ to
push to reaction,“ Kennedy said.

SA is rttotc interested in pct'
cupittt budgeting and memos llltlll
with serving tltc real needs of its
electorate," he added.

Kennedy also stated his desire to
move on and “explore new op—

tions“ its factors itt his decision.
“My experience lttts been fantastic
and i'm sorry to lcttvc. A lot of tire
hits bccrr invested itt projects since i
got involved in 1976," ltc said.

Roles. Services, Finances

()(‘A ttrts started itt l‘)75 to pro-
vitlc scrv' 'cs and counseling for
students residing off ctuttpus. Prior
to that. there was no ttdviscmcnt for
sttttlcnls who chose to live off cutti-
ptts, ltc said, OCA projects have in-
cluded uorkshops, social activities
illltl it newspaper, (iv/ling 0/],
designed for tire student rcntcr. The
group has also been instrumental itt
enforcing the rights of apartment
routers and iii helping strengthen
relations with the community.

OCA is funded by SA its tr service
for the student body. Kennedy was
ltircd as tltc first paid coordinator

 

of tire group to ttct in. atlvisot and
tttttttttgc ()(‘A‘s programs and
goals. L‘urtcntiy. all tltc other
workers itt ()(‘A ttrc student
\’(lllltllL‘Cl‘\.

Art SA spokesperson explained
that Kennedy's job was
review and ottc cotrsidcrtttitut was to
assign his duties to :t ttttrttbcr of in-
tll\ltlilitl\.

ttrtdcr' ,

had “been in trouble" with the

police before. v

McCarthy underwent psychiatric

examination before his attorney, in
consultation with Clyne and Albany
County District Attorney Sol
Greenberg, entered the plea of in-

 

sanity.
- McCarthy has been committed to

Page Three

Department where, according to
Gain, he,'wi_lt'Eremain,.until,.h'e is
“cured.” . "  ‘13" '~ 

 

Gaal said that McCarthy was
“glad” that he had been ,ap-
prehended before he was able to
Icarry out his destructive intentions.

     

()CA Coordinator John Kennedy resigns due to budget cuts.

“I/ ser'nn‘ I/m/ we tll't' [/10 only fol/rs

who really lake our ({[fnrls' to heart. '
(I’ltom: Ila/ck)

UAC Tightens “Incomplete ”Rules

by Douglas Koltrt

it] an effort to encourage
students to complete courses.
SUNYA's Undergraduate

Academic Council (UAC) rcccrttiy
approved a resolution to issue
"incomplete" grades upon student

request only. The action will tttkc
effect if itppt‘tWL’tl by the University
Scriatc and SUNYA i’rcsidcttt Vitt-
ccttt ()‘Lcary.

Uttdcr present academic policy,
an incomplete grttdc must be resolv-
‘cd prior to one tnotttlt before tltc

 

by Sharon Sonner

There is it growing fear witltirt the
Albany cortttrtttrtity tltru tltc draft is
rtot just tr threat. Concern over tltc
possibility of war has led to ltctttcd
reaction and an underlying
uneasiness has resulted irt tltc ttttiort
ofpcoplc to fight Presidctit Carter’s
actions.

g, news FEATURE

Local pacifists, ranging front
draft ttgc to senior citizen status,
rttct at tltc Presbyterian Church on
State Street Thursday night to ex-
press their cortccrns over tltc pro-
itabic reinstatement of tire draft.
The thirty anti—war believers stress-
ed war as art unnecessary means for
attaining worldwide peace.

Joitn Dow, President of the
Capitol Area Chapter of the United
Nations Association, and one ofthe
first members of Congress to vote
against appropriations for Vietnam
in 1965, feels war is now inevitable.

“Draft is a move toward war. It
is juvenile to threaten other court-

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
    

/ , on
’ﬁ‘l @

Albany Pacifists

trics with retaliation. To take a
hostile stttncc backing other corin-
tries up against a wall is dangerous
and an ineffective strategy," said
Dow.

“Everyone in tltc U.S. and rnttclr
of tire world is living urtdcr tltc
threat of nuclear war. This is likely
to happen considering itow im-
pulsive. rttisgnidcd. and short-
sightcd some of tire world
statesman seem to be. Therefore,
tltc students and others who might
be affected by a draft are probably
riot in any tttorc danger than tltc
average citizen irt this nuclear age,"
ltc added.

Advocacy, Evasion

Dow cotttinucd with an attack on
tltc U.S. government’s belief that a
canventional war could be won
against Russia, citing that two ma-
jor powers will resort to nuclear
weapons rather than small scale war
efforts.

Joltn Raguso, a member of the
Knolls Action Coalition, which is
opposed to nuclear weapons, feels
human survival is threatened by the
aspect of war. “War cannot happen

: War and Peace

any rttorc if we arc to survive. This
may entail tt citztngc of values so
that people trill no lortgcr accept
war," he explained.

()nc spcttkcr, art cx-Viclnam
draft cvadcr, said tltc Russian
threat is great btti means other titan
war cart be used to resolve tltc pro-
bicnt. “We’re not pansics who
won’t fight against Russia, we just
see tnorc realistic alternatives to
resolving international tensions
tlnttt war."

Darrin Beale, a SUNYA ROTC
student, expressed concern over tltc
involvement of minorities irt war.
According to Bettie, statistics on
past war casualties suggest a great
danger for minorities.

“ROTC recruitment is geared
toward minorities. Thc ecortotrtic
benefits of joinirtg the ROTC are
stressed in order to crtticc people of
lower economic status to join,"
Beale explained.

Female Forces

The group also discussed the
aspect of drafting women and most
agreed that neither men nor women

'should be forced to participate in

   
  

 
 
   

 

crtd of the tcrttt following that in’
which tltc incomplete was received.

According to UAC Committee
on Admissions and Academic Start-
tlittg Chair Robert Frost. tltc incon-
sislcncy of tire prcscttt system cri-
couragcs many students arid pro-
fessors not to follow up on in-

\ curnplctc grades. As of last fall,

war. However, if tltc draft is

reinstated, tltc pacifists bclicvc botlt

sexes should be ittvolvcd. '
Mid-East Target

Pat Bettie, a member ttf tltc
Capitol District Anti—Nuclear
Alliance argued that “tltc U.S. con»
sidcrs tltc tirctt irt tltc Persian Gulf
Its vital irttcrcst. Ottr govcrrtrrtcttt
acts as if tltc oil frottt that area
belongs to us almost exclusively,
despite the fact that other countries
dcpcrtd on it for resources as well."

“Carter ran on a platform which
emphasized less defense spending.
it’s important that lie be hottest
with us. if he wants us to figiti for
oil, he should say it. We may not
feel that this is important enough
for us to risk the possibility for
ttttclcar war,” Beale stated.

Raguso said groups such as the
Albany Peace Coalition will push
for a nationwide resistance to war.
“i see the building of a war
resistance network and an oppor-
tunity to educate the public on
broad world issues.

“Our government has failed irt
this," stressed Raguso.

 

 

 

. 2-2-
'1’

L
.;4l 7‘,

  

"cg-amt --

-—.t.
 -

  
  

 
   
   

tltcrc were 4200 inconiplctcs on
record, some datingI back as far as
tctt years ago.

Under the new policy, ttn instruc—
tor would assign a grade based on
tltc work that ltad been completed
itt tltc cottrsc.‘ The instructor will

lslill bc attic to issue extensions.
However, if an instructor docs rtot
submit an academic grade or re-
tqtlcsl an extension by the deadline,
‘thc “i” grade will automatically
revert to ti grade of “J” itt courses
graded on an A-E basis. A “K”
grade will bc issued for failure to
complete an S-U graded course.

“J” and “K” grades will be
equivalent to “E” arid “U” grades,
I respectively.

“Currently, if an instructor docs
, not submit a grade, the incomplete
cart remain on the transcript iti-
dcfinitcly," said Frost, irt explain-
ing tltc rationale for the move.
“inconsistency is occurring because
some students are having “E” or
“U” grades assigned by their in-
structors, whereas other students
are not being penalized because
their instructors have not submitted
grades."

“it does not appear appropriate
that we currently list a deadline for
removal of irtcompletes while at the
same time are powerless to enforce
the deadline," said Assistant
Registrar for Records Management
John Barlow.

An inducement

called the proposal a “not
unreasonable" means of encourag—
irtg students to complete courses.
.“lt will act as a catalyst by forcing
students to make arrangements with
their professors if they ltave an in»
,complctc grade."

H The policy will not be retroactch

 

 

 

and will inchtdc art appeals policy itt
'_casc of extenuating circumstances.

 

the New YorkjS-tate Mental'FiE'alth

Central Council Chair Mike Levy i'

 

 

 

