 

 

 

Would (lapse es 1
Anderson Goes Independent

WASHINGTON (AP) Rep. John B. Anderson of Illinois
dropped out of the race for the Republican presidential
nomination today and announced he would run as an in-
dependent candidate “unfettered by party positions?" “I
have chosen this course of action because it is now clear
that I cannot attain a majority of the delegates who will be
attending the Republican National Convention in July,"
Anderson said. While he will remain a Republican. Ander-.
son said he is convinced there is enough voter dissatisfac-
tion with President Caner and the Republican from-
mnner, Ronald Reagan, to allow him to become the first
independent candidate ever to win a presidential election.
His ﬁrst campaign trip as an independent will begin Satur-
day with stops in New York ,City, Washington, Atlanta,
West Virginia, Detroit. Lansing, Mich.. and Boston.

') (1.x

U.S. Adios Impose Sanctions

WASHINGTON (AP) A decision by European allies to im-
pose phased economic an diplomatic sanctions against
iran may prompt the United States to defer use of military
force to try to free the American hostages held in Tehran, a
senior Carter administration ofﬁcial said Wednesday. The
official. who is deeply involved in planning U.S. strategy in
the iranian crisis, criticized the nine European Common
Market countries for what he called a lack of strategic
understanding of the problems facing the West in lran.
“They are not responding adequately to the larger strategic
problems." said this ofﬁcial. who asked not to be iden-
tiﬁed. “They’ve become regionalized." President Carter,
at a news conference last week, said if U.S. and allied
economic pressures against lran fail to win the release of
the 50 Americans held hostage at the U.S. Embassy in
Tehran. “the only next step available that I can see would
be some form of military action."

V.A. Hospitals Caught

WASHINGTON (AP) introducing himself ortly as an ex-
01 who had been exposed to Agent Orange in Vietnam.
Max Clcland, head of the Veterans Administration, called
several VA hospitals to ask if his health had been en-
dangered by the herbicide. To his astonishment. no one
knew what he was talking about. Dr. Paul Haber, the VA’s
assistant chief medical director, took it from there. in a
conference call, he told the medical chiefs of staff and en-
vironmental health physicians of the nation's I72 VA
hospitals: “You folks had better get your act together."
Only a few days earlier, Cleland had assured Congress that
every veteran who suspects his ailments are tied to the her-
bicide can get counseling and a thorough physical exam at
any VA hospital.

(AP) in Washington. a senior Carter administration
strategist said prospects are increasing that the Soviet
Union may try to seize control of the northern part of lran
because failure to solve the hostage crisis is pushing the
country toward "paralysis" and disintegration. The of-
ﬁcial, who refused to be quoted by name, told reporters
that if the iranian government collapses, the United States
might move to protect the oil fields in southern iran. But he
said the prospect of U.S. intervention was still
“far-fetched" and remote.

State Seeks Disaster Aid

ALBANY, NY. (AP) The state is seeking up to $6 million
in federal disaster aid to help local governments deal with
~late March flooding which ravaged seven upstate counties.
Gov. Hugh Carey said Wednesday he had sent a telegram
to President Carter requesting the aid and pointing out that
some communities in Albany, Greene, Herkimer, Mon—
tgomery, Schoharie. Sullivan and Ulster counties have
already committed a total of $848,000 to the cleanup effort.
Carey also said the state is spending about $2.3 million to
repair roads and bridges damaged by the March 20-2l
ﬂooding which claimed several lives and was the worst in 25
years for many parts of eastern New York.

Reagan,,Bush Debate

HOUSTON (AP) Ronald Reagan and George Bush, the
survivors of a once-crowded Republican presidential race,
agreed Wednesday night that their most urgent task is
ousting Jimmy Carter from the White House. Passing up a
chance to tear each..other apart in debate, the two can-
didates disagreed only on how much Americans' taxes
should be cut to stimulate the economy and whether Cuba
should be blockaded in retaliation for the Soviet interven-

 

tion in Afghanistan: Their closing statements after an hour
of gentlemanly debate focused mostly on Americafs image
abroad. “If we have a sensible economic policy that does
not overpromise and we couple that with a foreign policy
based on experience . . . we can help people at home and
we can restore the respect we’ve lost abroad," said Bush, a
former ambassador to the United Nations. Reagan said
that "we’ve spent most of the 20th century apologizing and
i don't know what we're apologizing for."

Japan Reducbs Embassy

TOKYO (AP) Japan took a cue from European Common
Market on Thursday, deciding to reduce its embassy staff
in Tehran and direct private industry to show restraint in
signing new business contracts with lran, which has been a
major supplier of oil to this country. A Cabinet-level
meeting headed by Prime Minister Masayoshi Ohira also

 

r Anound Campus.

Anti-Nukers to March

SUNYA students and anti-nukers from all over the coun-
try are driving, busing, and hitchhiking to the nation’s
capitol this weekend for the third major anti-nuke rally
since May. Participants in Saturday‘s “March on
Washington” are demanding a stop to nuclear power and
nuclear weapons, safe energy, full employment, and the
honoring of native American treaties. Speakers include
Barry Commoner. David Deilinger, and Dick Gregory;
music will be performed by members of Musicians United
for Safe Energy (MUSE), including Jackson Browne. and
Blood, Sweat, and Tears.

Gissen’s Last Words

The word is out. Jay E. Gissen, former ASP editor-in-
chief and current campus personality, has been selected to
give the Senior Speech at this year's graduation.

Gissen and his speech were chosen by a committee com-
prised of one administrator, two faculty members, and
three students. Six ﬁnalists were selected out of about 20
seniors; two finalists were chosen from the six, the Gissen
was proclaimed the winner Tuesday. I

The selection committee chose “JB” Gissen because “he
seemed to convey a strong message to the Class of I980,"
and because “the speech was delivered with energy and en-
thusiasm," hallmarks of the Gissen touch.

Gissen claims he was surprised by the committee's deci-
sion.

“l‘m speechless." he remarked, smiling shyly.

— Stuart Matranga

Nine-Course Meal Offered

if you found a restaurant that offerred you a choice of
nine dishes from all over the world, wouldn't you want to
eat there?

Well you can!

Next Saturday the international Students Association
USA) will be holding their annual international Dinner at
Brubachcr Dining Hall.

Resident Director of Brubacher and Pierce Halls Debbie
Smith said that the annual dinner is held “to promote a
cultural exchange between students who are Atnerican, and
students who are not." According to Stnith, SUNYA has
accepted exchange students front over 85 different coun-
tries.

The dinner will begin in Brubaeher Dining Hall at 6:30
pm. and will be followed by a party.

Admission is $5.00 for members of [SA or students
holding tax cards, and $6.00 for those without tax cards.

Come sample the cuisine from China, italy, Russia,
Puerto Rico, Germany, Bolivia, France, Japan and the
United States...

Free Tuition Program

University professional employees may now register for
the free tuition program this summer or fall. Teaching
faculty and non-teaching professionals represented by
United University Professions (UUP) are cleglble for the
program under the current agreement between UUP and
the State.

Art eligible employee who meets admissi0n reqniremcnts
and course prerequisites may enroll in one course per
semester, on a space available basis. at no tuition charge.
All other fees must be paid.

Pie-registration and early registration are not permitted
for a free-tuition course.‘Reglstration dates for summer ses-
sion enrollment are June 3 for session 1; June 27, 30, and
July l for session 2; June 24 for session 3; and July is for
session 4.

L For further information, call Director of Admissions and

R

 

ecords Rodney ilart at 457-8996.

 

 

 

decided to nullify a no-vlsa agreement between the two
countries and require all Iranians to have visas before enter-

ing Japan. . .
Tito Lapses Into Coma

BELGRADE, Yugoslavia (AP) President Josip Broz Tito
has lapsed into a coma and a state of shock, the 87-year-old
Yugoslav leader’s doctors said Wednesday. “President
Tito's health remains critical.” his eight doctors said in a
communique. “Besides the existing comatose state, Presi-
dent Tito has 'since yesterday evening Tuesday been in
shock." The bulletin did not say how long Tito has been
comatose, 'how the state of shock was caused or how his
numerous serious ailments were affected. It had been wide-
ly believed before the announcement that Tito was in at
least a semi-comatose state.

(2529

Olympic Ofﬁcials Call Meeting

(AP) National and international Olympic officials have
called for face-to-face meetings that they hope would help
settle conflicts related to the crumbling Moscow Summer
Games. Lord Killanin, President of the international
Olympic Committee, offered Wednesday to meet with
President Carter and Soviet Leader Leonid Brezhnev in a
bid to salvage the Games. which are threatened by a multi-
country boycott. Meanwhile, Col. F. Don Miller, U.S.
Olympic Committee general secretary, said in Lausannc,
Switzerland, that he hopes to meet with some of the 19
athletes who Wednesday ﬁled a federal court suit in
Washington, D.C., against the USOC. The athletes con-
tend the commitce illegally bowed to pressure from the
Carter Administration when it voted April 12 to boycott the
Olympics because of Soviet intervention in Afghanistan.
They said the USOC charter demands that athletes be
allowed the opportunity to compete in the Games.

Oil Boycott Threatened

(AP) iranian Foreign Minister Sadcgh Ghotbzadch today
threatened to cut off all Persian Gulf oil — not just iran's
— if the United States mines iranian ports. Ghotbzadeh
made the threat in an interview with iranian radio, but he
did not say how iran would block oil shipments from the
other major Persian Gulf exporters — Saudi Arabia,»
Kuwait, iraq, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar.
Strategists have long pointed out. however, that the
relatively narrow Straits of Hormuz, at the mouth of the
gulf, are a choke point that could be exploited by terrorists
or others to block the traffic of supertankers. Some say a
few well-positioned sunken ships could block the waterway.
President Carter has threatened military action against lran
if the U.S. Embassy hostages are not freed. A naval
blockade or mining of iranian ports are the chief military
options under consideration. iran would “close the gulf
and not allow a drop of crude oil to be exported." Tehran
Radio quoted Gbotbzadeh as saying.

Indictments at Finger Lakes

CANANI)AIGUA, N.Y. (AP) Sealed indictments handed
up by a grand jury investigating race ﬁxing at Finger Lakes
race track will be opened May 7. John Mansour, head of
the Rochester office of the state Organized Critnc Task
Force, said the two sealed indictments will be opened on
that date in Ontario County Court. The indictments were
handed tip Wednesday. The grand jury probe, which began
last November, has concentrated on races in l975 and
reportedly involved three men believed to have run a race-
l'txing ring at the thoroughbred track.

Zemco Plans Expansion

BUFFALO. N.Y. (AP) Zemco industries. a manufacturer
of meat products, plans a $2.8 million plant expansion that
will add 100 jobs within a two.year period, it was announc-
ed Wednesday. Zemco, which currently employs about 250
in the manufacture of products such as ham loaf and
sausages that are distributed in 23 states, plans a new ofﬁce.
renovation of the plant, and the purchas: of new equip-
tnent that will double the plant capacity.

 

Dateline:

Apnil 24', mo

 

 

 

 

 

April 25, tests

 

Fiﬁ 5A PRESIDENT,
var: J'Aua SIDOTI,
THE STUDENTS CANDIDATE

 

CASTRO-BLANCO
S. A. President

 

com students:
students

uulvcrsily

 

 

MARK LAFAYETTE. . . .
Not Just Another Brick In the Wall

II. has been InvoIvod with the luau that really can-
—Foughl for SA involvement for polmral issues Iltul uliccl
«Fought fut studanls ‘lltjllis and input .u every; level of liu.I

—Fouglu lot student ctulunttnn ml the Sturh-nl llunllh Scrvtcc
—~ Foughl lot more objuutvc tcstdcuro phllt’lt's and )udvcml pro-

 

 

 

A few of the posters cited for misleading.
"If its on their poster, they better have done it. . . "

Reading Days Added To
Final Exam Schedules

by Beth Sexer

The University Senate passed a
new Final Exam Policy last Mon-
day, according to student represen-
tative Dave Weintraub. The bill
states that while this year's exam
schedule will remain unchanged,
future exam schedules will inclttdc
two reading days if there is stifli—
cient time within the semester's
academic calendar.

According to Wcitttraub, a man-
datory two»dtty reading period
(excluding the weekend) is already
specified under a l975 policy.
However. this policy has been ig-
nored for several years. This spring,
the ﬁnal exams calendar only allows
for one reading day.

Also, said Weintraub, the

University Senate ruled last month
that all final exams must be rid
ministered dttring finals chk. This
puts "tremendous strain on
students," said Weintrttuh,
especially when students are only
given one reading day. For this
reason, Weintranb and another stu-
dcnt representative chf
Morgcnstcrn suggcstcd the new bill.

Weinlraub and Morgcnstcrn bus-
cd the ttcw bill on the recommenda—
tions of the Cottncii on Educational
Policy, a Univcrsity Senate commit-
tee.

However, according to Wein-
traub, he and Morgenslern strongly
object to the policy clause that
allows the University to suspend or

continued on page four

Albany Student Press}  M

Page, Three,

' SA Campaign Posters

 

Some Candidates Are Adding, 

by Beth Cammarata

Potentially misleading statements
in the campaign posters of several
SA candidates have evoked
criticism and complaints from SA
members Lisa Newmark, Mike
Levy, Frank Baitman, Steve Topal.
and ira Somach, who expressed
their objections in interviews Thurs-
day

“(SA Presidential candidate) Jim
Castro-Bianca's poster said he was
on University S'enate. but he never
went to a meeting,"said Levy.
“That‘s misleading.”

However, Castro-Blanco denied
Levy‘s accusation.

“That is false," he said. “i at-
tended ntany committee meetings,
and l was on Senate for five mori-
ths. in that time, i attended all the
meetings a Senator should attend."

Other SA members were also

disgruntled about poster claims.

ira Somach, coordinator of the
Assessment of Courses and
Teachers (ACT). complained about
SA Presidential candidate (ittry
Scluttsky,s campaign slogan, “Help
to Rc-cslnblish Ihc ACT."

According to Somttch. this stale-
mcnt insinuach the ACT does not
exist.

A grotto of SA people. including
myself. started the ACT ll/ll years
ago," continued Somttch. "l feel
that to I‘C'L‘Slllbllsll the ACT, you
should work with it, and Curry
hasn't. He gave it the initial kick to
get it going, bill be didu'l help it
walk."

SA President Lisa Ncwmark
echoed Somuch's sentiments.

"i just feel that if somebody's
going to put something on their
poster, they better have done it."

Candidates Cite Student Apathy

by Susan Milligan

Students were given a chance to
listen to speeches and ask questions
of this year's SA presidential and
vice‘presidential hopefuls in a can-
didate's forum on Colonial Quad
last night.

The presidential candidates
discussed student involvement with
and within SA, and several isolated
issues.

Gary Schatsky emphasized a
need to work with students and
other groups such as Student Union
and NYPIRG for the benefit of the
students."

Schatsky stated, "there are pro-
blems with the current SA ad-
ministration and with SA‘s rapport
with students."

Schatsky also voiced his opposi-
tion to the newly fortned SA policy
that mandates voting students to
vote on the quad on which they will
reside next semester.

“The voter turnout will be even
worse," he said.

.icrcmy "Jumper" Carlson cxv
pressed a desire for “students to
ttnitc on issues." ’

“The people now elected or cur—
rcntly running don't have the ability
to motivate or unify the student
body," Carlson continued.

"What we have is a
gamc...cveryonc cxccpt latte Sidoti
has been ill (SA) since they were
frcshpcrsons...it's become it matter
of posters and people saying, ‘votc
for tne, vote for me,' " he said.

Carlson stated further, "what we
have is a student administration,
not a student association," and said

it

he hoped to see students work
rogethcr on issues from the
bookstore problems to the budget
problems.

Sue Gold also said she hoped to
see greater student participation in
SA

"A couple of years ago we had a
Student Alliance, comprised of
leaders of groups such as Student
Union, ASUBA. NYPIRG. and
others. The people worked as a
coalition to lobby for all the
groups‘ interests.” Gold said. “i
think we should rc-cnstatc this
organization."

Gold stated further that “none of
the other candidates have addressed
how to deal with the problem (of
student participation)"

Gold proposed grievance forums
on quads to keep SA in touch with
the students and their interests.

"l have the experience and the

   
   

SA candidate. Gary Schatalty.

Circa poor student involvement.

know-how to do it," she said._

Jane Sidoti expressed sentiments
similar to Carlson's concerning the
nature of SA.

“SA has dwindled...now, there
are only a small amount of people
involved. We should put student
government back in the hands of
the students," she said.

Sidoti said she feels her lack of
direct participation in SA is an
asset.

continued on page four

said Newmark. “For instance. Gary
lists his involvement with the
Athletic Finance Committee (AFC)
as a credential on his poster. it was
his responsibility this year to see
that the AFC budget was moving
towards compliance with Title IX
(which deals with funding of men's
and women‘s sports). He did net"

However, Levy feels Schatsky's
poster is not inaccurate.

"Was Gary coordinator? No.
Did he help? Yes,"said Levy. “it's
nitpicking about the poster content
that bothers me,” he added.

Schatsky could not be reached
for comtncnl.

Both Newmark and Topal
criticized SA Presidential candidate
Jane Sidoti’s posters for inac-
curucies.

One of Sidoti‘s posters calls for
“the establishment of a student
safely patrol" and a “re-evaluation:
of current bus service."

'i‘opnl pointed out that points on
Sidoti's poslcrs indicated that the

currently operating Studeht Safety
Patrol does not exist, and that the
current bus service needs new
evaluation policies established.

“We have a committee-that deals
with this," he said.

Newmark stated “(Sidotl’s) facts
are inaccurate...she!s not involved
with SA.”

in explanation of claims on her
posters, Sidoti said “the Student
Patrol does exist, but it is not very
effective. i feel that if academic
credit is given for it, it would be
more efﬁcient, since it would be a
Unversity Community Service."

Regarding the bus service, Sidoti
said "the state feels it is only re-
quier to run the service from tltc
downtown campus to the upto‘wn
campus. if this is the case. how
come SUNYA admits ntore
students than it can house'l

“Apartments house around 2000
students." she continued. “The
whole bus service must be re—

t'onlinut'rl on page four

Students Must Vote
On Next Year’s Quad

by Syhiu Saunders

A proposal to temporarily sus-
pend vuling rules was turned down
ill Wednesday‘s Central Council
ntccting by it [3-9 vote, according to
Central Council Representative Ar—
tic littnks.

Banks, who originally suggested
the amendment, said he objects to
the present rulc Iltnt students must
vote on the quad they‘ll be living on
next year. ills amendment would
have enabled students to vote on
the quad Ihcy‘il live on next year or
their current quad.

“i think the present rule will kill
voter turnout," he said. “Students
are just not going to lake the titne to
go to another quad to vote."

He said that his concern is for
“the credibility of SA." He added
that "SA should go out and get the
vote, rather titan make it even
harder."

littnks said the normal voter tur»
noul is approximately 30 percent.
He said he believes this already low
figure will decline to 10.15 percent
because of the new rule.

"You‘re forcing students to trek

to it place Iltcy may never go." he
added. “SA should be responsive to
the studcnls.”

()l'llCtunpus Representative Ed
Klein opposed the amendment
because he felt it was
"unnecessary."

“it goes against the basic idea of
SA being a miniature of the govern-
ment," in: said. “You vote for the
people who ‘will represent you. if
you're going to live on indian Quad
next year, you should vote for the
rcprcscntativcs on that quad."

chin added, “You should start
familiarizing yourselfwith the quad
anyway. It's not that long a walk."

Klein said he didn't think the pre-
sent rttlc would decrease voter tur-
nout because people will be anxiotts
to use the voting machines. “it's at
novelty." he said.

“The perfect situation," he con-
tinucd, “would be to have six
voting machines on each quad.
That way ortc would be for lndian
rcps., one would be for State reps..
etc. lint that's impossible because
we don't have enough machines."

continued on page four

Oneida Indians Sueing NY State

by Beth Cnmmarnta

“First, the Oncidas do cede and.
grant all their lands to the People of
the State of New York forever."
These words are part of a treaty
written in 1788 at Fort Stanwix
(northwest of Rome, New York)
that is one of the bascs for a current
property righls suit being brought
by the Oneida lndian Nation of
Wisconsin against the state of New
York, according to SUNYA Assis-
tnnt Professor of Anlhropolngy
Jack Campisi.

The suit involves some four to
five million acres of land in central
New York, covering an area bound
on the north by the St. Lawrence,
on the south by the Susquehanna,
and including sections of twelve
counties in between, as outlined in
treaties made with the ()neidas in
i785 and l788. Named as defen-
dants in the suit are the state of New

York, Bronmc, Clicnttngo, Cor-
tland. Hcrkimcr, Jefferson, Lewis,
Madison, Oneida, Onondaga.
()swcgo. St. Lawrence, and Tioga
counties, some 200 municipalities.
and about 60,000 individuals, who
own more than two acres of land in
the disputcd area.

“One of the claims in the suit is
that thc Oncidas were defrauded.

The eighteenth century meaning of v

‘ccdc and grttnt' is either lease or
sale, and the ()nctdtts thought they
were lensing the hind. The govern-
ment led them In believe this until
l7‘)2, when it interpreted the agree-
ment to have been a sale." Campisi
said.

“The Oncidus actually only gttvc
up the agricultural rights to the
land," he said. “As late as i786,
New York state supported their
right to hunt and fish in the area.
But in the 1870's. dams were built

that cut off the run of sturgeon and
other fish. When the lndians cont—
plained about this. the state said,
‘Well, we said you could fish, but
we didn’t say there would always be
fish to catch," he explained.

“in 1974, there was a U.S.
Supreme Cottrl decision on the
Oneida indians that permitted them
access to the courts," which had
previously been denied to them, ac-
cording lo Philip Tarbell, Specialist
in lttdinn Culturc in the state educa.
tion department. “According to the
laws of the land," said Tarbell,
hitnsclftt full-blooded Mohau k, "if
you bring over laws of land owner-
ship, and you don't follow them.
you obtain land fraudulently. You
then have to rectify the ownership
of the land.

“The Oneidas currently have a
reservation of 32 acres of land," he

continued on page four

 

 

