   
      
  

Cradled tn the very heart of Manhattan.
chilled to the bone with years of icy treatment
and the current winter. a musty old hag sleeps
in the entranceway of a rather distraught? rin-
cared for building of New York City. a
photograph in the annals of a fifty hour sight
log that has. because of the light and variety of
this place. become an epic journey through
life and reality in a town where you can still be
nobody and ride a checker taxi-cab to Penn-
sylvania Station at 3:00 am. to see a miracle
on 34th Street.

Jay B. Gissen

Netted between the endless twine of New
Yorkers who make what is called a "living"
(and that it must really be) here. are many
foreigners. non-New Yorkers who like myself.
came here to see and experience a place that
has become. because of reasons waiting to be
discovered, the recipient of a reputation of
everything the concept of city can be. New
York is a place that embodies words like
‘epitome.' or 'essence.' and how about life"?

i felt compelled to spend some fifty hours
there. consecutively. My reward? Endless
chalk marks on the experience slate. each of
which has behind it a tale. a history to tell. an
experience to relate. a lesson learned. Spen-
ding flfty straight hours in what is acceptably
called “The City" (rightfully egotistical) was
like taking a crash course. except here. the
course's subject was changing with every turn
of my head.

The Ideals that now strike me as those of a
true New Yorker. from the lowliest burn to the
highest executive atop World Trade Center
No. 2 (it's actually a foot or two higher). have
Impressed me as basic ones: Survival. coex-
istence. excitement. happiness. Yet what
seems to separate these people from others is
the intensity to which these things need be
sought. because in New York there is competi-
tion and zeal. and the people who are living
there and breathing its crowded air are not on-
ly subjecting themselves to its positive aspects.
but a slew of things wrong with it that make i”.
harder every day.

When l was in New York City. for example.
during about the forty-fourth hour. 1 was sud-
denly struck with the fact that subway trains
entering a dimly lit. cold. sullen subway station
make unbearable noise. I realized that I had
not been in a single subway station that i
would be able to describe as nice. and not a
single train had pulled in with a noise level i
might call low. 50 l managed to draw a con-
clusion about a lousy aspect of New York City
that was there. that people endured, that peo-
ple had to reckon with along with the
countless reasons that made it wonderful.
There were thousands of aspects just like these
too. though.

When i walked the streets of New York Ci-
ty. so conveniently numbered for the farthest

 

of foreigners' easy comprehension. my eyes
roamed every lace. That alone was an exciting
trip. because there was such an abundance.
more faces than i could ever watch roll by
anywhere else. i wallowed in mobbed
sidewalks. and going with the flow of a crowd
that sometimes obeyed a little mechanical sign
that revealed a green ‘waik' that let a surge of
caged up movers burst forth to meet the op
posing force. heading equally tip the other
way. The battlers engage. bump arms. nip
shoulders. pass on the right. and do all sorts of
stronger things like grab purses. and take
wallets from back pockets and ask for money.
and sell things like jewelry or joints. Some sell
their bodies.

The streets of New York City felt like the
veins and arteries of its conglomerate body.
All of the offices and stores and buildings and
homes were the cells where its blood ran.
dropping off little people that rushed in and
out. again and again. its great brain was the
brains of all the component individuals who
make it up. the nearly seventeen million peo—
ple who are there daily. working. its powerful
heart was the emotions and tragic-comic part
of everyone there. pumping feeling into it
twenty-four hours a day. feelings of every
kind. motivated by anything.

I shook hands with New York City on Fri
day of any week. when the imperial hour_of
New York's lunch begins. twelve noon. Thi.
was the start of my epic. hour number one in a
fifty hour cycle of the world's most exciting
place.

i began on the last business day of a week.
three hours befor'e the stock exchange would
close. 1 was filled with sleep and had energy in
me stored up for possible tens of miles of walk-
ing. i had speech on reserve for thousands of
words of conversation. and my sexual pro-
wess was ready for any acceptable invitation.

New York's frenzied subway system. a
myriad of underground and overhead metallic
noise that moved millions of people around
thousands of miles of track each day (save
strikes). brought me into my objective.
Unavoidably. my first instant in the bowl of
metropolis fruits‘s Big Apple was on an ‘l’
tram. staring at the abundance of black and
liispanlc laces. the elderly. the jaded and outv
dated ads that brimmed wrtii clieerfuiness
amidst this transportation turmoil.

i had not yet said a solitary Word to anyone.
but my eyes met people who could stare back
defiantly. who played the game of silent sub-
way language or read The Post over their
neighbor's shoulder. There wasn't much else
to do it you were alone. for It was not a
meeting place. It was a going place. You simp—
ly sat and waited for the hall that sat below
your destination to light up. and you walked
out.

The trains were noisy. but may with dead.
metallic sounds. The people seemed frighten-

 

a

 

 

 

 

.lngly quiet. so it made the light and air of a
crowded Lexington Avenue more beautiful.
more of a relief. with big buzzing taxi cabs
leaping in front of each other and vying for
position. and pedestrians daring them to run

"them over. while elderly women hunched

over to pick up their dog's newly born shit as
kids in Wool hats ran by in between the legs of
the mainstream. ‘

it was a delightful first hour. because unlike
the masses who had to be somewhere.‘who
had to look at watches and bank clocks at
every corner (and there are banks at every
corner. hundreds of them. too many. the ob-
vious explanation for the slew of recent rob-
beries). l hadn't the need to be anywhere at
all. I could just go straight uptown. or left if i
felt like it. or back down again. or maybe over
to the east side If a stranger l was eyeing turn-
ed that way, and i could just stop when l
wanted. and shop. and eat at the hour I
chose.

instinctively. l began heading downtown to
The Village of The City. but i decided to play a
walking game Instead that diverted me right
through hour number live. when it led me into
an eating emporium and i found out suddenly
how hungry l was. in my game. i would eye
an individual walk out of a building or a sub-
way hall. and l Would follow that person until
they got to the next place on their city agenda.
1 would then silently greet a new subject and
utter a lotv goodbye to my last leader. Ran»
dornly. i saw New Yorkers come. and i saw
them go. i saw them meet appointments.
cieari their clothes. satisfy their needs. i saw
them eat. i saw them buy. and i saw them go
home.

Near five o‘clock. my last subject. a husky
American with a collar as blue as they come.
hustled into a corner restaurant where he
bought a Post and left again. The place was
called Crete. a cheap. greasy New York City
eatery that could've been an insult to the
island it feted. probably where the owner was
born long ago. maybe a place he yearns for
still. '

i felt raw in the stomach. and my feet were
already asking for the weight to be put
somewhere else. i ate soup at the counter.
and coffee in a thick. thick. glass cup. My feet
slept on the ledge below the counter just off
the floor. and i read the newest Post (i believe
they put out a new one every hour or so).
while partially listening to the conversations of
Crete regulars. talkative and glad again just
because they got the hell out of work one
more time.

 

New York takes to darkness well. because it
becomes a different place. When i floated
away from Crete. it was already night. Neon
that was sublimirially present all day suddenly
became a center of attention. and the Empire
State Building shot a beam of white light that
spanned the city.

At night. New York becomes a less natural
place. because all of the concrete and man-
rriade things that fill it up and remain rather fit-
ting just the same all day suddenly stand out.
flashing on and off. presenting conflicting light

against the sky's basic black. At night. New
York City becomes even more evident.

As a stranger in New York City with no
home to speak of. ‘cept the ground below my
feet. I found shelter in bars and clubs. This Wits
where l could walk in and see a new Sluptilnil
place that usually welcomed me. i could try
and meet people. i could fail and leave 0r l
could‘stay if things went that way. Bars won
home because wherever l was. i was only .i
block away from home. So if it started in mm
(and it did). or if it was too cold (illlil
sometimes it was). or if the sign just SL't‘liii‘Il
like a light in the lightness. i went in

l'm not much of a drinker. but i srrrirlwti .r
lot of joints with a lot of strangers. and llii‘ .uul
New York got to know each other With and
without liquor andor drugs. under sky rilltl
bulbs and airs and first impressions. and tin.
desire to make a few friends.

i walked down to the Village. and lint:
Soho. where I shopped the chic stores that wit
everything save certain insaieable mirth
There were new wave record shops that xter
like honey in strange bees. with Wllllt‘ make
up and dark eyes on their faces. bright rm
lipstick. and black. tight pants. 'l'iruru rm.
punks with one hundred dollar iterrrs that int -i
in makeup shops and try on every i'tiltilt'tl iru
gloss. all over their wanting fact-s l stiiti'il wt
faces in cafe windows. couples. guys. go: iii-
girls. women. There was so much to ‘ilitli‘ .ri
down there. so many people to ‘ylill’t' it.“ i i‘
you. '
lbreezed out of Soho. i had had two lii‘r'|\
there. in two small places. 1 had sat at -t i in.
put a quarter in the juke box. for two rad-wt
flat selections. and walked.

it was near Tenth Avenue. Htrttir‘ulruii‘
downtown. where I ran into the liar it was .r
bar. but the B was partially painted so it
became an E. i met a Woman at The liar liii

 

The streets of New York City felt like the veins and arteries
of its conglomerate body. All of the offices and stores and
buildings and homes were the cells where its blood ran.

 

just a minute or so who kissed me before she
was leaving. so i sat down. There was white
wax paper all over the tables. and crayons in a

cup.
i took the hint and started drawing my
masterpiece to be left there for some waitress

.to'yankioff for a fresh piece for the artiste. l

drew New York City. realistically ('9). roughly.
with leaf. l chugged my brew. signed it in
some language. and walked.

l was feeling strange and alone now.
Everyone was going out now. with plans. with
someone. i felt unburdened but lonely. l was
worrying about the coming midnight. the im-
pending dawri. l sat down with some strung
out black street bums who seemed hardly
older than me. They devoured a Joint I gave
them as we talked. and i felt their hesitancy
slipping away to the taste of good weed and
my trusting smile. Now i felt even. on par with
everyone else: i was with friends. and l was
doing something fine toritgiit.

__#___————

l needed speed because i didn't want to
sleep, i needed to be awake. in a twenty-four
hour town where the ice of the night meant ac-
tion. and i didn't want to miss airy. The bud
(lies i had liruslied a goodbye to buck oti the
Library steps were in the past. except for the
information they had given me speed.
street corner. name. look n in return for .i
thick joint.

lapproaclied the said subject cautiously. for
l was white. nonllispanic. and very possibly
an undercover officer of the law to llli'Sl'
fellows. l offered up tact and explicit iiistiuc
lions of what I was to say. and several dollars.
and i got speed. some of which I took right
away.

____._—-—-

it was the heart of the night. My eyes were

wide open to (ity that was drifting. Partially

    

 

into sleep. or dreams. or sensuous love mak- ‘

ing after a night out. with fire engines scream-
ing by to coincide with a mutual Climax. 1 was
drifting through the drifting city. frequenting
less bars. taking my chances on the street.

i wanted it to get light out. but that wouldn't
happen yet. Even some of the neon was out
now. even it got tired and went to sleep. l
pressed on. stealing down blocks of east side.
recalling sights l remembered from that after—
noon. ages ago. I walked by lonely Crete.
barely alive for all the hours in New York Ci-
ty's day. A new Post was on sale. new people
were buying it. Early rrioriiiiig workers were
downing coffee loaded with sugar. to wake
their muscles before going to get New York Ci-
ty's garbage. or btiild New York City's
buildings. or maybe repair New York City
where it was hurting.

I pressed on. I wanted coffee. or tea. but i
didn't want to stop at the Crete. Going back
there would have made New York ittt enemy:
it would be a place I'd be using to get away
from New York. familiarity amidst the
newness. (ioing back there Would have been
unadventurous at this time of night. so l went
to a different plan) several blocks up' a carbon
copy that had a. newer f’ost.

lS-tl there speed reading and drinking coffee
until just before the first glare of day's sunrise
was about to (lt’St‘tflitl on Saturday in this city.
I walked the morning in by being there to set:
it I saw it completely. i saw the lirripito State
litultlitig end its lit-tun. and l saw subway linlls
shirt to ‘a|)lll inirly shoppers around to get llit’
best first. i saw the pigeons wake up arid start
working again

i found myself in Central l’ark. a natural
man made wonder that lies in the heart of the
city. the eye of the storm. the Pt'rti'tfftflliL'Sh
that i needed. to relax and enjoy as the
weather warmed a bit and glorious day got lit'
to full swing. a day that saw New York City
and myself it day older. a day more HXDL’rlL‘iiC'
ed. l‘lour number twentyfour was complete.
and i felt like i had seen the creation of light on
day one.

I spent a lot of time in Central Park. sitting.
walking. i couldn‘t resist the steps of the library
again; human bonds. made even simply in the
heat of the night. were too strong. We sat on
the library tier. watching a crowded New York
take lively advantage of sweet weather.
Money was changing hands. and goods. and
words. and feet were heading into mouths.
and other protruberarices were going into
other orafices. because in New York.
everything is always going into everything. in-
cluding cars into people and dogs. and other
cars.

Bloomingdales. and Koivettes. and Macy's
(The world's largest department store). and
Madison Square Garden. arid Mcl)on.’il(ls.
they rill had me on Saturday. before the final
night. during the last full day.

The speed was worn fill and l was feeling
pretty exhausted. and willing to abort.
unready to prt'ss on It was the energy of the
knowledge of Saturday night. waiting for me.
like o myth in lit‘llt'Vi‘ iii. a source 1 was
\tmrrdi-ririg if it would be repetitive. if New
York. llll’ twenty four place. wouldn't be able

The speed was worn off and l was feeling pretty exhausted,

and willing to abort, u
ing if it wouldn’t be repetitive,i
hour place, wouldn’t be able to hold a W“

is].

 

 

nreadv to press on . . . l was wonder-
f New York, the twenty-four
ling victim for fit-

‘ .1
. ‘  l l '

to hold a willing victtni for fifty. l wondered

how my mind would take another ramble all

tiiglit on feet. Could l speed again, do i want

to? Could i sleep somewhere. do i need to?

i took out my wallet and eyed a nice
restaurant. The City was brimming with kit
CliL'ItS to sell food for any price. A nice tlit’dl.
alone. I thought. wuitld energize titt' for Satur
day night. brtt so would a Big Mac. late illittii'i’
at the Crete. familiarity after all. a tutti
promise, a cheeseburger. coffee. ice cream
the new New York Post. and the blue collar
brigade. It was dark now in New York (‘in
when I finished eating and for some reason. I
didn't want to ll'iIVi' I didn't want to lurrvv
(Irote.

________—

It was t'VUll more crowded than lltl‘ night
before. liars wore still home litit i didn't want
to go home. l wanted to go in stirrii'wliuitr.
away from business. to a room wrtlr t'out'ln's.
carpeting. a ceiling. and -I drink without a
price on its head.

i had met many New Yorkers the night
before. but now I wanted one to take tiie
borne. l was friendly but lcy last night illttf now
i was willing to warm up. 1 strolled around
Aves. and Sis. until my feet were ready to
strike. and I finally landed in a small spot in
The Village where i thought the natives might
be kinder. more willing to take a poor boy
home. hear his tales. and send him off with
breakfast and a hug the next morning.

i met Lauri. She was a plain looking New
Yorker. trusting. but wary. and i talked to her
for several hours at one table. and i would
have kept right on talking tintil she was ready
to admit rrie to her world. or at least her apart-
ment. She had been living in The Village of
New York for four years. She was twenty-
three.

I didn't sleep in the satire lied as Lauri. but
on her lovely couch. in her living roorii. in her
apartment. on Blocker Street across frorii a big
supermarket that had pink neon screaming
l’l()Nlilil{ Sill’lillMAllKi-.’l' until the lights
worn down. As it turned out. my eyes didn't
shut off Lauri or New York itiitil hours very
treat Sunday inorn. when i kissed Saturday
night goodbye by whatever riieans were
available to all its citizens .ill tll'tilllill.

l ilrirrrrrwd about the Statue of Liberty. the
linrpir'u State Building. and the Trade Center.
and other big things. as people. People who
had jobs like everyone else. a function in New
York City. For what would this place be
without these things? Are they as vital as the
people: the lousy subway. the Post. Crete.
Lauri's image? Everything in New York is vital.
l dreamed.

___.____...__———-

Four hours to go. I spent half that time with
Lauri. eating breakfast and lunch over the
Sunday Times. chewing bagels and eggs while
sucking down coffee and penning The
Magazine’s puzzle. We ate rather silently: we

 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
   

had talked ourselves clean the night before.

Forty-eight hours after the ‘F' train Cliuttf'
feured me in. l was kissing Lauri goodbye with
an address in a lonely pocket. It was windy
atid mean outside. bitt. as tired and used up as
l was. I had llH' means to bear it. For my final
act. i walked from the apartment straight up
Stub Street. five miles in and out of the maze
the ast atrocity my fm-t would be subject to.

l walked up to The i'ark. and at two p.m..
sat dowtr on a partially in cupied bench. done.
victorious. an honorary New Yorker. A lriiirt
itt‘xl to tltt’ asked for Change. illitl since we
were sharing a wot. i made iriiir rich. 1 was
particularly vibrant as llti' wind whipped aged
f’irsis through the arr violently. and hats flew
off pretty ladics' heads. ladies who had come

from church.

[arose with a goal out i insisted on walking
to .m 'l" train because i felt sentimental aboi'I
it like Crete. or That finipire State Place. or
The Post. or '.auri. or The liar. or the bums
on the library steps. or that crack in the
sidewalk i had admired on some street during
one of the moments of my journey.

So New Yorl. was done, and an ‘F' took me
under the East River itito a comparatively
dreary Queens. where the street saw the city
as a scene. a distant mirage of imagery. reality
a river away.

i took a ioiig hard look at that place. My
body was tired: that place was responsible. My
mind was filled. and that place took the blame
again. But what about it? Had I changed that
conglomerate body. given any of its cells any
extra nourishment?

To be an individual in New York City seems;
iiard. challenging. it's always willing to take
you in. but you will join millions. who make
you no more than a person at a desk. or a
figure on the street. And for every desk of
yours there are millions. and for every block of
sidewalk you are on there are millions. And
you decorate your apartment and buy your
own clothes but there are millions.

The machinery of New York is livitig. gtlii‘
ding real human gears to create an attempt at
harmony. Like the most coiiiplicaied interac»
tiori imaginable. its network spans all that dare
touch it. If i had any preconceptions about the
place. they were shattered. if i had any
dreams. they were strengthened. If f tirade a
friend otit of New York. it was a busy friend
just the some. with little time for me except as
a listener. a willing subject.

We had a good time together. me and New
York. and we'll get together again. We'll meet
sometime on l4llt Street. or at The Ear. to
shrire a tale or a drink. or maybe a tragic-
.omic rnoriient that defines its iieart.

i shook hands with New York City and smil-
ed. This was the end of my epic. and all
through Manhattan. a wicked wind swayed
trees and elderly women bending do'Jn as lit-
tle children ran through the legs of the
mainstream. .

 

 

