a

m" ..m~m-~mm.m .

  

 

r

   

~ «1 - wow—C «t- v!

- ' . ,‘. .. Ha... .-v~cer---"“'

(  ... . L ..  ... ‘ __ H ‘... v v r l . ' 
l‘.‘ _ r I ' \ 4 '  ........... ..  ..  ...............,.-- »-
A. - r - ,' .. j. . . . .‘ -- -' ‘ .M ' .'. . ... -
' . P099947” _ .. ,. luau-"w . ‘ e'21'1980 ' ' "' H ' ' ' ’ ' ' ' ' ' ' ’ ' ' ' U
. s.  .‘ . ' ~ v ' 4 INouember21,1980 *'

     

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

The Student” ‘ " L

n»

 

 

'1 ' .. ‘ .
 ~- I. ~ - P r Wee a It I ' I ‘ ~ ~ -
 'IIG 3.. Minute e ‘

j" g A A I V . k
u I '5 1 walked- {mo the TV ' ‘ " dinary. poorly acted. mid-day soap Opera? happened. With excitement like that, it's no ' ‘ ‘ ' l
. ’lounge on the first ﬂoor of Even after being ajunkle myself for almOSIa wonder so many people watch the show "FUCk you."snarled Paul junior resentful~ r r ‘ , ' '- k . _ “Because he.s my sonnyened Paul.
the Campus Center three" full year. lcould not answer that question.‘l regularly. ty, as he bobbed his ﬁshing pole up and . ' “Look. rm no, going to have this go on
down In the water at Silver Point. anymore. He's my kid and i know what he

decided to go out, into the loyal masses that
were regular viewers and see if I could get
answers to this burning question.

With the knowledge that it was Obviously
not the excitement of the show that kept the
viewers' attention. I was stumped What

does and doesn’t do. And he doesn't steal
from his father."

 

o'clock one Friday In the

nobtoodjsmf pm. the feeling mm“ had "Don't you think that's pretty nasty. com.

ing from a mouth so young?." replied Jonas

;. x.
K
M _ a we.-. ,..-s,.-:.-a.«w=..-~..__ ._ .4. .

 

 

Amen-.. . .

wandered Into the temple of some obscure

religious cult passed through my br‘ain.

Doug Wolf

 

Scanning the room. 1 observed perhaps
seventy people crammed into this small cubl~
clé. all facing in one direction. Ah-ha.
Moslemsl i thought. Unfortunately. they

were notrfaclng Mecca. They were facing a

television! i tried to ask the girl sitting next to
me what was going on. She turned to‘ me
and stared with vacant eyes. didn’t say a
lerd. then turned back to the screen. Per-
sonally, i didn't think a Mop & Glow com-
mercial was that exciting, but l continued to
watch.

By this time there must have been one
hundred people standing. sitting. or in
various other positions. straining to catch a
glimpse of the screen. Suddenly a bush fell
over the crowd. ,and all eyes became riveted
upon the tube. The show had begun, and
what was it but my own arch nemesis.
General Hospital.

General Hospital — how i remembered
that show. It started out Innocently enough.
coming back from class during my freshman
year. rolling a joint, and sitting down In front
of the tube to watch G.H. and unwind from
a long, tiring day of classes. But then it turn.
ed Into a nasty. ugly habit. Soon. l was
clashing home from classes just to watch
General Hospital. Sometimes] even forgot
the joint! By the second semester i was up to
a five day a week habit. l was hooked. l
scheduled my days around G.H., only
registering for classes that were not given
from three to four in the afternoon. and l
would never, never miss a show on Friday.

Was it that long ago, i wondered as 1 gaz-
ed upon the mannequln-ltke figures staring

    

 

w v ‘z.
The pctllo of Luke and Laura.
n

. ere come the American lndians,

our forgotten minority. No

, longer are our Native

Americans content to be push-

ed into small corners of the United States

and be forgotten by later residents of the
country they were the original settlers of.

Janice Lewis

The American indians have been flghtlrrg
to regain ownership and control of the land
that was theirs before being forceably taken
by later settlers of America. One of the
earlier and probably best known of the ln-
dian attempts to make a stand for their rights
was the takeover of Wounded Knee in
'1973.

' On February 27th of that year, about 200
members of the American Indian Movement
(AIM) took hostage eleven white residents of
Wounded Knee, South Dakota (an Oglala
Sioux area) for two days, seized guns and
ammunition at a trading post and fired on
approaching vehicles. The whole action
lasted for a very short time, however. but the
effects of it were far-reaching and long-

 

 

 

um (Gaul: Francis) Baldwin.

hypnotically at the screen. Shaking my
head, ljusi looked sadly at them. But i had
quit;'| had fought with General Hospital and
l had won. I knew that if these people really,
really tried. they could also break the habit
and rid themselves of the G.H. syndrome
once and for all. But what made breaking the
habit so difficult was the format of the show.

General Hospital used to be just another
mid-day soap opera until the Almighty
Powers That Be over at ABC, spurred on by
falling ratings, fired practically the entire
technical crew. A new director and new
scriptwriters were found — people with
more contemporary thinking. The characters
became younger, the sets ﬂashier. and the
plots. well, the plots were still pretty stupid.
But they appealed to a younger audience,
which was just what the ABC big shots were
hoping for. They had found the secret to
success and. slowly but surely. the ratings
began to climb.

General Hospital became the newest
craze. People talked about it in the halls and
classrooms. at work and at play. it became
the topic of conversation at parties; in fact.
there were even G.H. parties where
everyone Would go as their favorite character
from the show. Total strangers would talk for
hours on the latest goings on of Luke and
Laura. or debate on whether Scottie would
kill Laura or if Alan would kill Rick and
Monica. Sometimes ugly fights would result
from a slight disagreement between friends.

At first It was only the girls who watched.
but then. by using what the constantly nagg-
ing women are noted for. they slowly got
their boyfriends to watch. The guys held out
for as long as they possibly could. but even
they could not escape the grasp of the
monster. innocent young adults were
transformed into General Hospital robots.
whose only function was to spread the
gruesome message throughout the land.
Yes, America was in a very sorry state.

But why exactly did America have this ex-
treme obsession with an otherwise very or‘

te

Seems Like Hen Will lleve

lasting.

in the seven years since Wounded Knee
there have been a series of actions taken by
_lndians in different parts of the United
States. A number of these have dealt with
the Issue of mineral rights and control of
resource development on lands currently
belonging to lndians.

in .1974. two southeastern tribes. the
Navajos and the northern Cheyennes began
to request changes In policies and contracts
dealing with minerals found on their land.
Both tribes saw changes in these areas as be-
Ing a necessary step in their growing In-
dependence from the United States govern-
ment.

The Navajos began using "Arab Style"
bargaining on their Window Rock, Arizona
reservation to develop the natural resources
on their land themselves. rather than accep-
ipng the traditional royalty payment in ex-
;hange for mining rights. They were aiming
toward participation In joint ventures with
reputable companies.

The first such business venture they
entered was a contract with Exxon, giving
‘the firm the right to search for and mine

 

. l I I '
TIMIJiniﬂl’  ' l"
“I. .0 .llsﬂon).Aulnlboln, go-
:izltlnmon. Auoﬂcanlaatlon at If.

No sooner had i gotten out of my seat
when I remembered l hadn't the slightest
idea of what was going on in the show. This
required research and. maybe. watching
regularly once again. What a horrible ‘
thought! At that very Instant I wished l'hadn't
taken this assignment. But i was tougher
than the last time, and l knew that If i tried
with 'all my might, i could fight back and
withstand the pressure to “G.H. out" again.

Monday came. and at three o'clock I pro-
mptly sat myself down in front of the TV and
turned the channel to ten. l was tense. Soon
the familiar music floated to my ears and my
heart skipped a beat. This was it. There was

a"...

no turning back for me now. i forced myself
to watch the episode. and what happened to
me in that room during that hour is too ugly.
too frightening. too horrible for me to put in
to words here. i came out of that room at
four o'clock a sweaty. trembling mess . . .
but I had made it. i had fought one more
time and i had won. As it turned out. l
hadn't missed all that tnuch since quitting in
May.

it seems that Luke and Laura love each
other. and Scottie's nowhere to be found.
Alan and Monica are still husband and wife.
and we haven't heard from Tracy since she
left for Europe over the summer. Mr. Smith
and the Organization seem to be folding.
although they always have a few tricks up
their sleeve. Port Charles Is Still the same old
town it always was. with the usual gossip and
goings-on.

After six months, nothing really major had

uranium on the reservation in exchange for
six million dollars. The venture was a
tremendous profit. equaling more than half
of the ten million dollars that the lndians

 
  
     

returning "on

 

could possibly keep fairly intelligent people
watching a fairly dumb show? With all my
other options used up, I decided to get the
answer straight from the people. even it i
had to pry it out of them. With my mind
made up. i once again resumed my quest for
that elusive answer.

After questioning a few young ladies. i
came to the conclusion that most of them
started watching out of boredom or us a
joke. and then got addicted. To them it soon
became a suspense story. Even though most
girls knew the show was dumb. the storyline
was poorly thought up. the sub-plots didn't
fit together well, and the acting was prim,

they were drawn back time and again Just in
see what would happen next. This just pit v.

ed to the networks that they CULlltl Slttwcl in ~I
about anything onto mid-day 'i‘V. keep llit’
plots inching along. and still have n lnt ulrw.
on their hands.

i thought that maybe the icilsltih thiiltl Iw
different for the guys who watched regular l\..
but they were the same. You blew it. truly"
Oh. well. -

Well, i finally got my answer and lguvv. i
should have expected it. The mentality of
the young American is not as high todrry us it
once was. it is indeed a sorry thought that
the future leaders of our great country rrtt'
now spending their free afternoons wtrlclnrnt
General Hospital. Will a future l’resrrlr-nt
take time out from his busy schedqu to
watch with his Cabinet? What a sad thought!
Well. Bugs Bunny's on now. Think l'll say
goodbye. w [an]. paoro by Bob tum-rd

r Learn

earned from all previous mineral agreements
in 1973. Furthermore, in the event that
uranium was found the Navajos would be
able to evaluate the findings independently
and take the option of either taking the usual
royalty or participating In the mining van
iure.

The northern Cheyennes on the other
hand. were seeking to renegotiate olri mrr
tracts rather than enter Into new out". They
demanded re-negoiiation for the strip
mining of some two billion forts of low
sulphur coal. on claims that they were short
changed In the original contracts and that in
view of current rising coal prices. new
agreements should be written.

As well as demanding changth for
monetary reasons, the Cheyenne claimed
that they had been persuaded to enter into
the contracts by the government without ltt‘
ing made aware of three important pnlttls'
the effects of strip mining on the land. the in-
creasing numbers of the White population
and the constrUCtion of gaseftcation plants
on the reservation. As a result of these
changes. the lndians said they could not"

Continued on page 80

 

with his eyebrows crinkled and his angered
eyes staring intently beneath his tangled

blond-gray hair.

"l'm eighteen." answered Paul to the
charge. as he began reeling in his fish—less
hook.

"Yeah, well you hardly ever act'it." charg-
ed Jonas sternly. Paul had already dined
out, and as soon as the line was reeled in. he
sauntered toward the lower deck stairs.

“Sure. sure. Go below. ljust can't wait to
see what happens when you hit college."
said Jonas.

"At least l'm gonna graduate. asshole."
sneured Paul. “Why the hell don't you get
out of here?," and Paul was gone.

“i can't swim." said Jonas. calling after
him.

“What the hell is going on down here?."
demanded Paul senior. as he made his way
over to Jonas from his place in the captain's
domain. He stood with his hands on his hips
and his head cocked forward toward Jonas.
The gold and diamonds on his fingers shone
brightly off the water in the early morning
sun.

“Aw nothing. Paul buddy. Just a little tiff
between me and your sonny-boy."
answered the always respectful Jonas.

"What's the matter with the two of you. i
can't leave you alone with each other for two
minutes.”

“He just doesn't like listening to me. that's
all." declared Jonas sadly.

“Then don't talk to him. that's all.

Ihe_'[hiLd_E1e

"But l'm his godfather. you know."
There was silence for a moment as the two
life-long friends stared at each other. Finally.
Paul senior let out a sigh and a "Jeez" and he
draped his arms over the side of his yacht.

"Jonas."

"Yeah Paul."

"Someone stole ten thousand dollars from
my desk drawer."

"What?."asked Jonas In disbelief. as he
turned his whole body around to face Paul.

“Yep. Ten thousand. it just doesn't make
any sense. i mean. i pay everyone so god-
damn well."

“Damn it!" exclaimed Jonas.

"What."

"How can you even think about how well
you pay. Shit. some shmuck just got
greedy."

  

 

Jonas looked at Paul for a few seconds.
and then swung back around. and resumed
staring at the water.

"My desk drawer was locked, Jonas.
Damn it. l'm positive of that. l lock It every
day." said Paul with an ache In his voice.

"Lord knows who did it. Paul."

Paul hesitated for a moment. and thought
of the situation. Then. he turned toward
Jonas and asked. "Do you know who did
it?“

"How the hell would i know who did it?"

"You and my son were the only ones who
knew where the key was."

Jonas was shaken. He faced Paul with fire
in his eyes and exclaimed, "Why in hell is it
always my fault? Can't you ask him. Paul?"

"He didn't do it. Jonas."

"How do you know?."quiued Jonas.

Annejers

A Question Of Gravity

When the escape ls complete there is a poseful ambition hope to gain a little ground anew. it Is the shedding of dead skinf

sullen separation. a gradual perforation
along a thin line. and the walls imperceptibly
buckle. i am at once. dully aware of act and
scene. exposition and juxtaposition against a
soft blur of lifted ceiling and entering sky: of
surrounding heads lowering into a morass
from which i have come mysteriously unfix-
ed — to pivot, float, and whirl.

The only divinity is escape because it is
release from mind’s grasping tenterhook and
the mundane maintenance of Its ﬂeshy com—
panion. The quality of escape is dependent
upon which countryside we have chosen to
bail out over before we are pushed from
behind. How often we resist its awesome,
engulfment which begins at the molecular
level to penetrate through difficult cells of
dark avarice and dense ego. We set out to
block the intruder who balks‘at our careful at—
tempt to construct fortifications of l-beams
with steel rivets. We are the painters of rust-
proofing who discover too late how insuffi—
cient our protection is from escape which
begins as a germ in a feeble cell and make
itself comfortable within membranes.
Powerless is conscious mind to warn the cells
which Indifferently feed the inner discontent.

l soon become that greater group of cells
— stolen by a germ of restlessness. My
bands will not moVe to formalize plans: my
eyes cannot focus on a singular goal. i am
mute, choked, stopper! up. and motionless
in that release which has loosened every
molecule and overtaken every passage of
my bulk.

Divine Is that which Is finally relief, Im-
mense. yet locked within; a deep secret that
cannot be revealed to the waiting. it is built in
frotn conception, Its information contained
In egg and sperm. Divine Is that which loses
its substance In conscious analysis or activity,
the rude working of the mind and body. it is
that secret the dead cannot reveal to the liv-
ing, which we seek and still do not find on
our separately plotted courses: all fixed with
the same chilling conclusion.

Could It be that we know nothing of the
Plan which we in waking, conscious. pur<

in. if only to finally rest? Perhaps this divine
escape is the crux of all our questings and
qucstlorrings. its depth and elusiveness pro-
viding an intellectual tickle centuries upon
centuries old. In the tiny. blunt. fiercely
curious collective mind. Divine. infinite.
unknowabie —
within; gives no excuse; has no course
makes no promise.

Escape is musings and missed appoint-
ments; unconnected thoughts. it Is irrational
conclusions. changed motions, dashed
plans. inconsistencies. lt thrashes smooth old
claims and well-paved notions. it is the Scor-
pion of the soul that destroys and brings

ititorldBepoct

escape plays rudderless_

My mind's eye Is my escape which does
not distinguish between the flush.
materialistic and solvent world and the free
grass. weed and earth of step and sight. i
may mourn over the loss of a wad of dollars
sllpt carelessly out of my pocket until a hand
In my hazed upper vision breaks a covctous
armor and steals for a beggar. by loss. in that
vision, the hand feeds the beggar and myloss
ls transformed instantly Into great gain. i re-
joice in the relief afforded me by escape —
an inner eye which provided for me a vision,
entered somehow unexpectedly. solo in and
drug me from my armor. broke me from my
heavy stays and lifted me up.up. o

 

"Well, why the hell would 1?." asked
Jonas sternly. The calm and respect in his
voice had disappeared, only to be replaced
by rage.

"Because you're broke, damn It. that's
why. You spend all your money on gold
necklaces and booze and anything else that's

‘ not worth it. i don't understand you. Jonas. i

never did. You're not rich, you know."

“But we're brothers. Paul, we always
wore. We work together and l'm getting by.
That kid of yours. now that's another story."

“That's it. Jonas. Enough of that shit."
Paul walked away. “Something's gonna
change. Jonas. my friend. l'm going
downstairs to talk to my boy. and in the
meantime. i suggest you think about the
money. -

Jonas was speechless. Paul was walkin
down the stairs. With a knock at the door
and a response of "Come in." he was face to
back with his son.

"What was all the yelling about?," asked
Paul junior, as be flipped through a fishing
manual.

"Just Jonas."

"i know the feeling."

"Paul, would you know anything about
ten thousand dollars missing from my desk?"

Pauljunior didn't even turn around. “Why
would i know?"

"l'm just curious. Ten grand was stolen
from my desk."

50 what? You've got lots of money. Ten
grand won't kill you." he said and continued
flipping. g 0

  

And you may ask yourself
Am fright? . . . Am I wrong?
—-David Byrne and Brian Eno

Time was when a girl could get by on her
looks. Time was when a guy could get by on
his style. Time was when a dollar was worth
something. Time is when a clock points and
we move around the circle.

You may find yourself in the Lamp Post
on Friday night. And you may find yourself
in Calvin Klein jeans. And you may ask
yourself when Is this jerk going to stop talking
to me? And you may ask yourself why am i
going to college?

improving our life —— physically, mentally, .

emotionally. or spiritually —— ls largely a mat-
ter of developing new, better and more
dominating habit patterns of life. it usually
requires a totally different outloolt on life. a
sharp redefining of what is important in life.

Please, turn my dreams into sleep. my
mind needs a rest. The TV Is on the blink.

My razor is too sharp. my toes are too wide
and my shoes are too damn small. Call my
wife. my mother has gone to Sweden and
become a man. My son Is a pimp for iBM,
and my uncle Is a "Tom" named Sam.

Those nasty habits, also make It difficult
for us to change established ways of doing
things. or thinking or feeling. Habits lock us
into certain response patterns. so we tend to
resist any change in our accustomed routine.
even If It is in our best interests to do so.

Developing habits, particularly If they are
good habits, allows us to conserve higher
'mental processes for more demanding tasks
and challenges. By contrast, wrong habits
waste human energy and limit human
growth and development.

We dream, we innovate. we create a
variety of Images in our minds and then we
have the option to chooSe whether to act on
any one or more of them Only humans have
freedom of. choice. only humans have the
capacity for Imagination for good or evil and

only humans need Instruction In "law" to
help them make choices that are in their own
and their neighbor's best Interests.

Now that we have spent ourselves in a
search for a leader and found only
“Ray-Gun." I want Nixon back. Any man
California does not want as its governor. i
want as President. Every four years we vote
and every four years we lose. 80 what is the
point? it can't be that we want change or
something different. perhaps It Is just a .
game. Too much for me to think about. You
see i got this beautiful house and a beautiful
wife to "worry" about.

Seems death has come a calling. but i do
not care, my Mastercard will pay for it. My
time is too short for me to see my life. too
clearly. i've got the Blues. the US. Blues.
Pass by the door in order to le'ave the room.
Pass me the telephone. i got a call to collect.
Pass out the grades, the tests have ail‘been
taken. And. while you are at it. tell me am i
right or am I wrong?

 

 

