 

 

 

\

 

 

ElectioniiBnielis '

No Party for Democrats

New York (AP) ' The saddest party on the New York
political circuit Tuesday night was held in the imperial
Ballroom at the Sheraton Centre ,under big posters
reading: “Re-elect President‘Carter." it wasn't sad only
because the small crowd's candidate had lost. There

' were‘a lot of losers around. at least one for every race.
This' party was so sad because nobody ever showed up to
tell the crowd in traditional fashion that they had done a
great job. or to exhort them to greater efforts next time.
It was generally assumed that at least Secretary of State
Mario Cuomo, head of Carter's New York campaign.
would show up andtake the green-and-white draped
podium, bearing a soon-to-be-poignant picture oLPresi-
dent Caner and Vice President Mondale in proﬁle, and
try to express the feelings of them all. But nobody show-
ed up. excpet the ever-busy tv crews, and the crowd of a
couple of hundred Carter supporters was reduced at lst
to watching the few familiar faces of incai TV per-
sonalities interviewing other woe-begonc Carter sup-
porters. The'only time it even sounded like a party was
when a band of more than eighty Israeli exchange
students was led in to get a look at the American
democratic process in action and created a buzz of con-
versation. it was so dull. in fact. that some young people
went/around asking where the Reagan headquarters
was. Nobody knew. but they took off lookng for more
excitement. Jerry the bartender reported lousy business
at the cash bar — where drinks were $3.50 each. wlticlr
could have accounted for the gathering's subdued tone.
“i feel so bad." he said. “i like Carter. lfecl like going
home." Meanwhile members of the crowd. composed
mostly of young people. kept going up and stattding
behind the podiunt so friends could take their pictures
under the big “Re-Elect President Carter“ sign. When
the television sets around the bars ballroom showed
Carter being introduced in Washington as the “splendid
President of the United States." there was lottd zip-
plause. But after the president told titerrr that, keeping
his l976 promise never to lie to the people. “i won't tell
you it doesn‘t hurt." there were many wct eyes.

Man Seizes Reagan quts.

OXFORD. Mass. (AP) An armed man who sci/ed tltc
Ronald Reagan campaign headquarters here Monday
surrendered after holding a woman worker hostage for
almost three hours and demanding that a television stat-
:ion broadcast a message he had recorded. police said.
Officers said John F. Kellum. of Memphis. Tenn.. left
be building with police after releasing his hostage.
Virginia Langen of Oxford. and surrendering two
pistols. Assistant Chief of Police Mike Stewart said
Kcllum was charged with kidnapping. aggravated
rssault'and possession of tnore titan one ounce and
akcn to the Lafayette Courtty Jail. Stewart said Kcllutn
appeared to be “under influence of intoxicnnt. He did
\ITIOkC marijuana while we were there." Stewart
demanded that after Kellum demanded tirat a message
be broadcast. officials were unable to find a rccl—to-rccl
player to check the tapes. Kellum later demanded that
the station broadcast music by the rock group Pink
Floyd.

Republicans Lead Senate

WASHINGTON (AP) in Senate competition.
Republicans led for seven seats now held by Democrats.
GOP Sens. Bob Dole of Kansas and Charles McC.
Mathias of Maryland were re—clccted. So were
Democrats Russell Ii. Lotrg of Louisiana. Wendell Ford
of Kentucky. Herman Taltnudgc of Georgia. [Ernest l-‘.
Hollings of South Carolina. and John Glenn of Ohio.
Rep. Christopher Dodd, a Democrat and the son of ti
late senator. won in ConnecticutJllinois Secretary of
State Alan Dixon won the seat of retiring Democratic
Sen. Adlai  Stevenson lll. Don Nickles replaced
fellow Republican Henry Ilcllrnon in Oklahoma; it was
expected that the seat would go Democratian South
Dakota. Rep. James Abdnor took the early lead over
Democratic Sen. George McGovern. in Alabama,
Republican Jeremiah Denton, a prisoner of war in the
Vietnam years. narrowly led for a Democratic seat.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Correction

in an article in the October 24 issue of the ASP. “SA
Joins Ramada lnn Picket Line." we reported that The
College of Saint Rose had cancelled reservations for a
November 9 senior prom at the Ramada. We have since
learned that the event is itr fact it “semi-formal," that it
is planned for November 8. and that no cancellation of
the event hilt: occurred. -

r

  

 

WomenG‘ain mum

NEW YORK (AP) The big winners in Tuesday‘s races
for the New York ‘stare Legislature were neither the
Democrats nor the Republicans. but the women. in

Assembly races. women picked up five seats to raise ‘

their total to is of the t50 places. in the Assembly.
Brooklyn Democrats retained control of the 4lst District
as Helene Weinsteirt replaced her father. Murray Weins.
tein. who retired after capturing the seat two years ago
following his defeat of then Assembly'Speaker Stanley
Steingut in a Democratic primary. Brooklyn Democrats
also turned to a woman. Eileen Dugan. in the 52nd
District to replace Assemblyman Michael Pesce who
retired to run for a judgeship. In New York city’s 7lst
District. Democratic Assemblyman George Miller run its
a Republican after losing the Democratic primary.
However, his conquerer in the earlier contest. her
domination of Miller in the general election. in upstate
races. Democrat Gail Shaffer came out the winner inn
hard-fought lOSth District campaign against incumbent
Republican Assemblyman Arlington Van Dyck that was
a rematch from 1978. Meanwhile in the I42nd District.
Democratic incumbent Stephen Greco of Buffalo was
upset after 28 years in the Assembly by Republican
Carol Siwek.

2 Abscam Reps. Re-elected

WASHINGTON (AP) Two of the five congressmen in-
dicted on Abscam charges took leads in early election
returns Tuesday nigltt. one was iii a sec—saw battle, and a
veteran former House contmitlcc cltairtttatt was lositrg.
Rep. Michael Myers. l)-Pa.. convicted of tltc bribery
charges in the FBI‘s Abscam investigation and later ex-

 

 

pelled from the House. took at narrow lend it] early ‘

returns. Rep. John Jcnrctte. l)—S.C.. also convicted of
taking art Abscam bribe. was irr tr tigltt battle, trailing
and later leading. Rep. Frank Thompson, D-N.J.. a
24-year House veteran. was losing. Tltntttpsott stepped
aside as chairman of tltc House Administration Cottt~
nrittec after lie was indicted on charges of bribery and
conspiracy itr Abscam. Returns were slow corttittg on
Rep. John Murphy. D-N.Y.. who was indicted with

CAMpus Bniefs

Urgent Notice

All students who sent for absentee ballots and did trot
rcccivc tltcrrt in time for the election deadline are asked
to contact SA attorney Jack Lester immediately. His of—
ficc is in tire SA offices itt tltc Campus Center. and tire
phone number is 7-79l l. Leave your natrrc. home ad
dress and county. and campus address.

A Cry For Help

This letter was sent to the ASP by Jonathan Barlow itt
tltc Registrar‘s office. and is addressed to all members of
the university community:

“On Tuesday. October 28th. Mrs. Sherry Cirnsso
rcccivcd tragic news while at work itr our Registrar‘s Of-
fice. i am sztddctrcd to report that the home of Sherry
and her family was totally burned to the grotrnd by n fire
of unknown origin."

“The (irnsso home. DillSldC of (‘obleskill \vhcrc
Sherry commuted to and from ctrch day. had been neur-
ing the final stages of cottrpictiort. living itt this house
\iltilc building it themselves. the (irtlsso's potrrcd
thousands of hours of work into this. their pride and
joy. only to have it destroyed lll such :1 drcntit'ul wrry.
Further. tltcy were about to reinsurc tltc house ill tr
higher talc wlrctt tltc firc struck — catching tlrcrrr tottrlly
uninsured "

“l nppczri to you to tirirrk what you could do for at
family which lost all their tntrtcriai goods except the cars
they drove and clothes they worc tltc day of the fire.
Food. nrottcy, clothes. anti supplies are a few that cross
my lllllltl immediately."

“'i‘hctlioliowing information is known about Sht'rr‘y's
family:

Husband (Leroy) — rnediutn site, 32W/3lll. trousers

Sherry —~ sites 5 and 7

Two girls — ages 3 and 4

One boy —- age 9

“We are all thankful that no one was injtrrcd
physically iii the fire. With tltc cold weather and
holidays approaching, can you find tooth in your heart
to help tltesc people?"

“Donations of any kind may be sent or delivered to
our Registrar's Office. AD-liJ. irt care of Jon Borrow or
arty other staff member."

“Thank yotr for caring."

Thompson and who stepped aside as chairman of the
House Merchuttt Muritre Committee. Rep. Raymond F.
indeter‘. D-Pu.. the fifth House member indicted on
Absent“ bribery charges but not yet tried. took a
decisive tltrec-to-one lead in the early returns. Rep. John
Murtlttt. D-Pa.. who was implicated in the Abscam in.
vestlgtttiorr but never charged with wrongdoing. was also
winning. Abscrtm was an FBI investigation of political
corruption in wltlch FBI agents posed as wealthy Arab
businessmen willing to pay bribes in exchange for
\pi‘lNliC immigration legislation. '

Feds; File Election Suit

ALBANY. NY (AP) The federal government filed suit
ugtrinst the state Board of Elections as voters went to the
polls Tuesday. charging that an unknown number of
residents living out of the country would be unable to
return their absentee ballots in time to be counted.The
show-cause order. filed in U.S. District Court here. asks
tltc state to continue to accept absentee ballots front
voters out of the country until Nov. 14. State law now
sets a cutoff of 9 p.m. Election Day. when polls
close-George Yantis. an assistant US Attorney in
Albany. said many of tire ballots had been mailed too
late by courtty boards ofclections..ludgc James T. Foley
set a hearing on the suite for Nov. to and county boards
of elections weredirectcd to set aside ballots received
after the close of tire polls.

 

 

Krupsak Loses House Race

WATERTOWN. NY (AP) Mary Anne Krupsak. Gov.
Hugh Carey's first-term lieutenant governor. lost her
political comeback bid Tuesday. falling to Republican
David O‘l). Mttrilll in tire race for nortircrn New York‘s
30th Congressional District. The defeat climtrxcd rt hurd—
fought battle for tire scat being vacated by cigln-tcrrn
Republican Rep. Robert McEwen. who is retiring. “i
don't know what tltc future is or it' there is an elective
ftttttrc for me or not." Ms. Krupsnk said Tuesday night
as she conceded. The 30th Congressional District covers
seven counties in northern New: York ttttd is the largest
geographical district cast of tire Mississippi River. '

Women Confer at SUN YAj

Approxirrttttely 2] studetrts representing Women's
Alliances from such SUNY schools as Onconta. Platt-
sburg. Purchase. Frcdonia. Old Westbury. and Cor-
tland crime to Albany this weekend for a three-titty
Womcu's Caucus sponsored by SA.

According to Women's Caucus Coordinator Toni
Bisscssar, this fifth annual convention was held to give
feminist alliance members of other SUNY schools a
chance to get together to “discuss strntcgy. lcnd support
to ortc another. and exchange ideas." Bisscssar added
that site hoped caucuses like this would form a corti-
municativc. strpportivc network on women's issues.

The Caucus featui'cd several workshops on subjects
such as “Women and Communications."
“Reproductive Rights," and “Organi/ing Women
Students." ltr addition. Roberta Russell of the Commit»
tee for Abortion Rights atrd Against Slct‘llilttllttn Abttsc
(CARASA) spoke on “Reproductive Rights and tire
New Right." and Donmt Wornock of Feminist
Resources on Energy and Ecology (l’RiiE) spoke on
“l-‘cminism as Social Ecology."

Hints and musical entertainment comprised tltc rc-
mnindcr of the weekend. The SUNY delcgntcs from out
of town stayed at Quality ltrtt itt Albany and ate ill
Dutch Qund cnfctcriat. courtesy of SA. liixsutcur
rcportcd.

Abbie Hoffman at Union

Barry lircid. u.k.n. Abbie l'loffnmtr. will speak ill
Union College Wednesday.

The one-time collcgc rrtdicnl and Chicago 7 trtcmbcr
t'cccntly surrendered to federal nutltor itics ul'tcr \l\ years
its at fttgitivc frotn rt felony indictment.

Hoffman's talk. sponsored by The (‘ollcgc Spczrkcl '\
l’orurtr :tl Utriott. will begin at 8:30 p.m. irr tltc Mentor irrl
Chapel. General admission is Si .50.

Women to Protest in D. C.

There will be an organizational Women‘s l’cntngott
Action nrecting til 7 p.m. in the Women‘s Center. l32
Central Avenue. The action is scltcdulcd for Nw‘clllltk‘l
l6-l7 in Washington to protest \ioicrrcc. All those irr-
tcrcsted should attend. For trture infotnnttion. cull 'l'tmi
liisscssar or Janice Fine at 465-2406.

A Time For Caring

This Ys‘ur's Telethon tltctnc will bc "Taking Time for
Lurtng." The theme was chosen from among several .
submitted by students. Submissions for a T-shirt design

 

November '5, lotto ; i
Woman Attacked; 
’ Near Draper Hall

by Beth Sexer

sodomized her. police said.

"pants.

sodomized and robbed of $15.

 

 

for tire Telethon ‘lil theme will be requested at a later
date. i

 

comttrittcd by tltc same man.

A 24-year-old woman was abducted and sexually abused at
gunpoint 8:00 p.m. Monday as she was entering her car in the
Robin Street parking near Draper between Washington and
Western Avenues. according to an Albany police report.

Police said an unknown black tnale allegedly approached the
woman from behind and. brandishing a long-barrelcd revolver,
forced her into her car. After entering the rear seat of the car.
ire ordered tltc woman to drive to a deserted parking lot on the
southeast corner of thodcs and Dove Streets.

Police said he then demanded hcr diamond ring. valued at
$200. arid the $60 she was carrying.

Next. tltc attacker reportedly ordered her into the rear set
where ltc forced ltcr to commit an oral sex act on him and

After tltc assailant fled tltc scene. the woman called tltc
police immediately afterwards at approximately 8:35 p.m.

The attacker is described as a black male between 20 and 25
ycttrs old and 6 feet tall. lie was wearing a brown coat and light

A similar attack occurred on October 7 itt tltc saute parking
lot when u woman was abducted us she was entering her car.
forced to drive around tltc city for over an hour, and was then

Albany Police Lt. l-l. John Domino said that there are
“rrrorc similarities titan differences" bctwccn’ the two cases.
although it is still “too early to tell" whether the attacks were

 

 

J

 

Albany StudentPress'

Mayor Erastus Corning.“ city doing "everything it 'can " to increase security.

Corning Addresses Jrl.

by Andrew Carroll

Albany Mayor Erastus Corning
paid an election night visit to
SUNYA. spcttking of tire elections,
student voting. and security in
Albany. ,

The Mayor fielded questions
from members of n journalism class
nsscmblcd itr the Humanities
Building.

Corning usscrtcd his support for
President Carter. saying tltc Presi-
dent hud dotrc an admirable job in
very difficult times. Corning said‘

SUNYA Professor Arrested

Charged With Third-Degree Sodomy

by Mutt Huddud

SUNYA Professor Dr. Joseph L.
Nortott and his 26-year-old
housemate, Lloyd A. Holt. were ar-
rested Friday morning on Route 9
itr Latham on charges of third
degree sodomy. _

Tltc charges stcnr front an inci-
dent which allegedly occtrrrcd two
weeks ago. involving a l5-ycrtr-old
boy, according to State Police itr
Loudotrville.

Norton anti Hall. who both
reside at to Ebcrle Road in Lathnnr.
are accused of sodomizing a
runaway youth front the
Vandcrhcydcn Hail foster home itr
Troy. The pair was cottttnittcd to
Albany County Court House itr lieu
of $5.000 bail at Colonic County
Court House on Friday.

Norton. a 62-year-old professor
in tire Educational Psychology
Department. has bcctr with SUNYA

Research Funding Grants
for University Increased

by Ken (iortlon

According to SUNYA President
Vincent O'lenry. tltc university has-
bird an increase If] research funding
grants of 58 percent in tire past
year. moving ahead of Stony Brook
and liuffulo in funding received by
tltc university.

“The economic vitality of this
State is sltrrpcd by tltc research in»
stitutcs of tltc State." said O’Lcury.

These comments were part of tltc

President's address to the Universi—

ty Senate on Monday.

()‘Lcury comrrrcrrtcd on tltc
status of higher education lll tltc
stutc. saying that tltc issue we
should concern ourselves with is not
how we can save money by cutting
tltc SUNY system. but rather how
many students New York State
warns to educate.

Accordltrg to O‘Lenry, cnroll-
tncttt as a whole this year went up
across tltc cruirc SUNY system.

This contradicts State Education
Department reports that project
significant enrolltrrcrtt declines itr
the upcoming years. This projection
is based on figures that show it
decline in the trutnbcr of l8-21-year-
olds desiring higher education.

O'Leary admitted that there will

be a decline irr tltc number of

available applicants. but also points
up tltc fact that lltC SUNY system
has already made its own projection
cuts for-upcoming years.

O’Lcary also spoke briefly about
SUNYA‘s $54 million budget for
this year

He sztid. whereas tltc university

continued on page eleven

 

for 18 years and teaches ii course on
Human Sexuality.

Norton had served on Albany
County Mental Health Associa-
tion‘s Prevention Corntnittcc itr
1975. and has also worked on
educational films for children.

in l979. Norton received tire
Capital District Gay Cotttttrutrity
Council's first annual Harvey Milk
award. given It] tltc tnctrrory of tire
last San Francisco Supervisor and
alumnus of the old Albany
Teachers College. He recently ap-
peared on the Phil Donohuc show
when that program hosted guy tncrt
and women over sixty.

As far as Norton‘s standing with

the University. Vice President of
Stttdcnt Affairs. David Martin has
said that Monday “he requested
and has been granted a leave of
absence." Martin declined to corn
ment on tltc consequences of a con-
victiotr.
' Sodomy itr tltc third degree is. itr
this case. having unnatural inter-
course with a minor even with con—
sent. The accused could be punish-
ed with at maximum sentence of
fotrr years irr prison. ’

Norton and Hoit's hearing will be
scheduled within the next month.

'the President deserved rc-elcction
after keeping the country out of
war. for ltnndlingthc hostage situa-
tion in a responsible fashion. and
for being the first president to put
art cttergy program through Corr—
grcss.

“He's one of the few ttrctr in
higher office who'd rather be right
than President." tltc Mrryor said.

Aware of tire curly projections.
Corning rclattcd tltc happenings of
the 1948 elections, when Harry
Truman made rt startling late night
comeback to defeat Thomas
Dcwcy. “No ortc l ktrcw thought he
could witr, though now i can't find

anyone who thought he wouldn't.“ 

said Corning.

The Mayor spoke.cncottrttgingiy
of tire recently won right of students
to votc itt Albany, saying he was
“anxious and favorable" for
students who felt Albany is their
lrotnc to vote hcre. He said he had
“no qualms" about students
possibly changing tltc character of
futtrrc Albttny elections. “i think it
will," he said. “btrt that‘s no pro-
blcnr. That's what makes a
democracy.“

 

photo; Will Yunnan

Class

The matter of Albany politics
brought up questions concerning
Corning's power in tire city. Of
these the Mayor said. “lam no dic-
tator. no aristocrat. i don't try to
tell people what they should do.
The myth of anyone telling people
ltow to vote is just baloney."

Tire Mayor addressed questions
concerning tltc Cotrrrttott Council's
proposed Security Ordinance. call-
ing it “highly defective." The or-
dinance would require minimum
safety standards for landlords. “I
don't want the responsibility to be
put upon tltc landlords." he said.
“In a good number of attacks by
tltc Pine Hills Molestcr. tltc tenant
did not lock tltc windows artd
doors." .

Cornittg also said tltc city was do-
ing “everything it can” to increase
security in high risk areas. He prais-
ed tltc police for “giving hundreds
of volunteer hours" toward solving
tltc Molcstcr case.

Corning rttslrcd back to
Democratic Headquarters on State
Street after thc appearance, saying
that election night was tltc easiest of
all for tire ntuyor.

Old Westbury Ends
Open Admissions Policy

by Susan Milligun

Due to a lack of funds and a high
attrition rate. SUC/Old Westbury
President John Maguire announced
itr May an end to Old Westbury‘s
open admission policy. However.
on Monday Maguirc announced a
compromise policy which would
mandate more selective admission
standards. as opposed to tire first
proposed solution of closed adtrtis-
sions.

Tltc trcw policy was a result of
student dissatisfaction with tltc
original policy and tire consequent
establishment of u committee to
discuss admission standards. Slu-
dent Oovcrtrtncrtt President Crystal

“E'xperimen tat College ” Program
to Offer Non-Credit Courses

by Wayne Peereboom

SA is planning an “Experimental
College.“ which will offer courses
of a “practical nature" to SUNYA
students. according to SA Vice
President Brian Levy.

Experimental College courses.
Levy said. would range from
leadership training to auto
mechanics. He said students nruy
teach the tron-credit courses
themselves.

Levy said he has no idea when

SUNYA will begin classes because
SA is bargaining with the ad—
ministration ns well as the College
of Continuing Studies.
Experimental College courses
may tap into Continuing Studies
classes. in this case. Levy said.
there is a possibility that “students
may get pushed out by adults" who
are enrolled irr Continuing Educa-
tion. Levy said they want to “make
sure that students who want it will
continued on page eleven

Cox said.

Muguire‘s first proposed policy
rcqttircd all applicants to take ad-
missions tests; previously Old
Westbury accepted all students
regardless of skill deficiencies.

“Tire probletn with the original
policy is that it was a bit biased."
Cox said. “Giving pre-admission
tests to all applicants would be
blaming the victim."

Old Westbury's mission since its
establishment in 1970 is to cdttcate
tltc non-traditional student. with an
emphasis on minorities.

The new policy mandates enter-
ittg freshman students to submit an
application aimed at gauging
motivation. a personal essay. and
two letters of recommendation. The
policy applies to all students who
graduated high school within the
last five years with a grade point
average of less than 75 percent.-

The current policy is the product
of a task force comprised of
students. faculty, and administra-
tion who suggested proposals to
Maguire. Cox said.

Administration ofﬁcials said that
the policy of open admissions had
to be discontinued because it caused
a drain on the budget for
developmental or remedial courses.

“We were‘spending 18 percent of
our operating budget on
developmental courses.",.0ld

icontinued on page eleven _

 

