     

 

‘1 “‘11:”; .. mu.

Page Twelve ‘

he Proctor's Theatre In Schenectady
. has undergone renovations recently
that have left it one of the .most elegant
theatres in the Capital District, and it‘was in-
deed an amicable setting for the music of the
Bill Evans trio and Oregon this past Saturday
night. The show was the first jazz bill to play
the Proctor's since the renovation, and was
also the'flrsi put on by the Production Com—
pany. a new promotions agency based in the
theatre. Aside from a late start (the musicians
were late) and a too-quick segue to taped
music after the finale. the concert was
everything one could hope for.

Rube Cinque

Bill Evans is just about a walking history of
modern jaw. having recorded profusely in his
twenty-five years as a jazzman, from the
seminal Kind 0/ Blue LP with Miles Davis and
John Coltrane to extensive work with his
various trtos. The newest incarnation of the
Bill Evans trio is air exciting one. and much of
the excitement is generated by bassist Mark
Johnson. a flamboyant soloist with a boyish.
yet intense face. Hts solos were captivailrrgly
structured, erasing the bit of tightness he
showed during the opening number. Despite
the hubbul) generated by Johnson's perfor
mance. it was Bill Evans wiro made things
click. After twenty-five years. his post»Bop
style is not stale. merely reliiied. and there is
no sign of Bill Evans letting up. it Saturday is
any indication.

One of the rarest delights one can ex-

 

 

\

4;

perlence is to hear music being played'by

, musicians who are truly enjoying themselves,
and from the first improvisation Saturday.
Oregon was a truly happy bunch. Maybe it
was in part the relief of having finally wrestled
the four-sided jam down to “June Bug." a
piece frorii their Roots in the Sky LP. but on
ending that song, pianist Ralph Towner and
bassist Glen Moore broke into wide smiles. in
fact. they were smiling throughout much of
the performance. This buoyant mood
manifested itself in other ways as well: Colin
Walcott's Iranceltke kaltmba-playing dance;
Paul McCandless' bouncy oboe. soprano sax.
and English horn lines: Ralph Towner beating
his guitar footstool Willi Walcott's mallets; and
the Moore-Walcott duet untitled "Hawaiian
Shuffle".

Certainly this jovial mood was helped along
by the audience: although Bill Evans was err-
thusiastically received. most in attendance
were Oregon fans. with expectations of magic
from their heroes. And magic is what they
got. aside from the considerable technical pro-
wess each possesses on a multiplicity of in-
struments (according to cstiiiinies. they play
about eighty in all). Oregon is wellversed in
sounds from any conceivable source. Aside
front Towrier's foolslool break. he and Moore
often look to playing percussion on the sides

of their instruments. and Towncr. during the

first piece. placed a tambourine on the piano
longs for that John Cage touch.

All iii all. it was a riighi to remember. at least
inttl the next time either Bill Evans or Oregon
make their way to the area!

i
Orr-ruin was the trrst jun group to (illt‘ll iii the ri-Iniill i’roi'tor‘s 'l'Iir-:iirc iii Si'lurccuui).

 

Elissa,

_ Love,

 

Happy l9ih

Birthday '

The ASP Staff

Aspects on Tuesday

The Oregon Trail ‘ ~ _ ' . , . l h  =[ : _ g
I  A State of BIISS > , ,

The group presented music of another cm.

A Staqe of Slee

Dream Play is a preachy and
thoroughly tedious piece of theater. In

fact. SUNYAs actual staging of it is. I believe.

Larry Kinsfman

better than the play itself. Hall the action coir
sists of anguished wailings that human life is
pain: the text is about as subtle as a sledge»

 

 

I>lTi.‘

March 1’s, 1989"

  

hammer. I respect Strindberg's pain; I even
agree that life is basically a losing proposition.
but the making of art indicates some convic-
tiori about the value of working. of doing: so if
one is going to the trouble of writing an ex—
istential play. one iras clearly made a choice.
arbitrary or not. to assign value in life. Why
not. lliL'li. portray the pain of the human can
(liiion in an interesting manner at least? The
play was no doubt innovative at the turn oi the

 

to the

Beginning March 21 st

focusng upon
-sexuaiity
. self help

The tapes can:

MIDDLE EARTH ’announces a new service
SUNYA community

COUNSEL PHONE
457—5279

COUNSEL PHONE consists of thirty-eight tapes

- Substance Abuse

- help increases your understanding of something you
or someone you know is experiencing
.- suggest resources availabe to you
- offer specific information on areas of concern

Cali COUNSEL PHONE at 457-5279

interpersonal
Crises

 

 

 

 

 

it

 

 

Attentinntt‘
Political Science and
Public Affairs Students ‘

Annotatth

--_Find out about courses and programs

- —-Meet the departmental student”Peer Advisors”
——Make early appointments with advisors

Seek answersli

"Bring questions!

Wednesday, March 19 r
LC-1 r

7:00PM

 

 

 

 

 

xxxxxx

1x 11 x xr’x x

 

.umk.
. in

March 18, 1980
R 'i‘i the Crest

 

Aspects on Tuesday

 

Page Thirteen

The Great Pretenders e .

menaciors of new wave music who claim
that it is really not a new musical form
would probably not have enjoyed The
Pretenders performance at J.B. Scoiis last
Thursday night. Although the group's music

 

“Sixties und seventies heavy metal"

century: still. Sin .Tlit't'gj should have it'rilt/t‘tl
he was being dull Ultimately. /\ Dimitri l'fitt‘
can only be viewed as lbc product of .r
puritanicr‘illy simplistic sensibility it reminds
one of the temper tantrum a'. adolcsii'ni
bridegroom might throw upon discovering
that the honeymoon is UVi'I

There is a strange iiiri'vi'iiui-ss |t| lone. /\
few scenes are marvelously funny rilill t‘ffi't
live. like those with ilic four ii('iitlt‘i|ilt'~r
theologian. philosopher. scientist and lawyci,
all refuting each oilii'i's winds endlessly. lii
these scenes Strindberg illustrates rill ltli‘ui.
rather titan merely stating it Unfortunately.
we are usually told. in the most ItilllKliilit'
fashion. that human lift’ is painful. The
daughter of the god Indra r a feriiriie Clirisl
figure — walks around saying: "Being human
is hard!" or "Being human is impossible!" So
l've heard.

We are told again and rigid”) llliil luv“ brings
about the sweetest joy and ilw iirost bitu-i suf
fer'iiig. Again. this is n tin-sonic and snnplisiic
view. brought emphatically home by .i lilll’
scene in which a honeymooning rouplc
decide to commit suicide. l‘r‘illici' lliilii we
their passion fade. We have to put up wiili
more than one such couple. stumbling or
waltzing through the play. and disappointment
in romantic love bucoiiics the play's central
thematic complaint. There is no escaping.
however. the feeling lliril this view of lrrrp
pincss and its conversi- comes from (i rather
juvenile world view

The big question is why SUNYA chose to
do A Dream Play. it must have had real shock
value when it was first produced. but is that
necessarily a virtue? Clearly. audiences ilit’ti
were not so accustomed as we are to squaring
Off in the theater with the e. initial defects of
human lovu and family life. lhen too. before
the advent of the bomb. people were not so
obsessed with their iiiorialiiy w or at least they
were bothered by it in a less collective way.
Our era informs us inc inily about impen
ding (loom: we're a bit numb to the message.
Indeed. Contemporary audiences liavr.I been
confronted with a flood of black questions in
the theater and the cinema. For one ililiig.
there is the post WW ll French Theater which
poses many of the same questions Strindberg
raises. but in a far more arresting mariner.
What it comes down to is lliitl A Drciinr l’iriy
does not age well. By the lllllt' thr- spcclors
onstage begin making platitudiiinus
statements like: "Man is riot i'vil. nor is lit'
900d." Strindberg has lost his latter day till»
tliencc by his poi'icntoiis whining

The university players do some supiising
and impressive things with this less than srriis
fylttti Dldy. The pain of liliiiiiiii exrsu-nci' is
underscored throughout by gray I‘lod pr'l
formers who move like i-iici'viiicd ghosts
behind and around llit‘ focal .zcitrrn. At times
these same ochn< many of whom are
talented dancers Willlit’ onstage likc loric
reptiles or pairs of animals caught forcvi'i ill ii
painful coupling. Certainly the production I5
loyal to the spirit of the play.

 

 

was extremely enjoyable. it was. nonetheless,
only a creative mixture of sixties pop and
seventies heavy metal.

AI Baca

Prior to the show I heard inany'different
descriptions of The Pretenders' music from
some of the club's puriktsli clientele. They
varied frotii “the Cars with a female vocalist"
to "a very loud Nick Lowe." Not having had
the opportunity to hear the group's album
before Witnessing the performance. I didn't
know what to expect. So when the lights fiiial~
ly dimmed and the audience adrenaline level
began to rise l was. at the very least. surprised
to hear a tape of "The Ridc of the Walkries"
from Wrignci‘s “Die Walkurc " Anyone who
has seen Apocalypse Now will recognize this
piece as the music played during llii' American
iiclicopicr attack on (lil' Vir'iiirnncsr' \‘iilrigi'

 

‘I‘ble Dream

Those same giriy fliiilii“v function as lllt’
*il-rgi‘ iii'u' iiiirr'iiiri props ilii .iiiil off in slow.
siyli/crl iitlililili 'l'lrr- i'ffi‘ti is t't'ili' .iird liyp
lililit The drawback is that this method of
changing si-ts odds at least .r liiilf hour to .i play
lliiil is .rlirurdy giiirdiiiglv long

lint liiiiiiirr'r plays lndrri's ilrilliilili‘i wrilr ilrc
.ippiiiprrriti' origcinr‘ss This (li’ilti goddess
ciiiiii-s in limb with lllt' llililIt t‘iit i‘ :dii’ iii'i'ds'
to be properly rt])[iiillt’(l by i'\'i't\.'llillig human

William Leone is i-spcr irilly good as the 0(-
fici'r. ln llii' si'i'ni' ill ihc llii'iiit’i door. whi'rc
lit‘ rig-"i wliilc awaiting his lrclor'r-d Vii'ioriri
(who ncvcr rrppcrrrsi. |.t‘|i|l|’ portrays ll‘t‘ stub~
hiirii r'xubt-irini'i' of .in rillllil'iillt fool. Leone
conjures just ill-ll edge of llii‘ Driliii‘ilt' that
Strindberg must have \\'rililt’Ll in it character: at
once very young and dooiricd

.lnsi'f Svobodri's scr'riogiripliy is wonderful
Tlir’ backdrop. upon wliiilr fir/1y iiiiiigr's of
buildings and stormy skies are projected.
works beautifully in conjuiri iron with the
s't‘riiirs The sciinis llilVl’ the texture of cruinpl
cd paper. and llll' pink. blue and white lights
bring forth iliVi‘tritl tlir" ll slidin's on llit’lt

cniiiiniici/ o/i [)tl_t.‘t‘ i'l't'i’t‘li

A Word to the Wise

 

it turned out that this was a fitting‘prelude to
the show because it foreshadowed the energy
and power which was to be generated by the
band. The Pretenders came onstage to play a
set of music which plugged pop into a Knolls
nuclear reactor for a truly electrifying effect.
Their music incorporated everything from R &
B in “Brass in Pocket" to heavy metal in
"Private Life," One explanation for their wide
range of music is that Chris Thomas. the pro-
ducer of their album. has worked successfully
willi everyone from Procol Harum to the Sex
Pistols. His influence on The Pretenders was
certainly apparent in the show. as was that of
Nick Lowe. who produced the song "Stop
Your Sobbiirg."

Making The Pretenders performance even
moriI enjoyable was the presence of Chrissie
l‘lynde l'll‘i‘ voice generated a gritty. street-
sniriii sound similar to that of Patty Smith's.
Sporting an lggy l’np t-sliirt and black spandex
pant. she not only sting lead vocals and

The Pretenders ircutlliricii .i.l£.‘s “till :i stroii

 

played guitar. but also succeeded in arousing
the desires of some of the more drunken male
fans near the stage.

The rest of the band were also pretty well
suited to their respective instruments. Pete
Farndon's bass thundered on “Space in-
vader.” and James Honeyman Scott's lead
giiltar provided the necessary complement to
Hyride's hoarse vocals. especially on
"Precious." Drummer Martin Chambers con-
tributed that al! too familiar, but nevertheless
essential, consistently pounding beat which
has become a trademark of punk rock.

Naturally. the audience frenzy led to a three
song ericore’whiclr left fans dralhed but. alas.
unsatisfied.

Opening for The Pretenders was a band
called The Proof. the members of which prov-
ed that weak vocals. an overvampllfled sound.
and a bassist who tried his best to stand like
Elvis CostelloTirovide the ingredients for a tru-
ly forgettable experience.

  

iiii |t.‘t| :it the Funk crowd.

In Her own Write

r 'her'e are it‘clirciirlriits iiilttilir'i oi Wtiliii‘ti

I who are thcrc today who weren‘t .i few
years ago," observed l.liitfri Wt'riliciinei iii the
March 12 “Worm .. in Journalism“ panel
discussion in the SUNYA l lumrinrtics Lounge.
“it's not quite half fr‘nir‘ilcs on press staffs but
it's getting there." The subject attracted 75
listeners which brought smiles in the face of
sponsor Dr. Williarrr ltowley. chairperson of
the Journalism thjiiiiliittfiif.

Sue Hemingway

Ms. Wertheinrer, author of All Things Coir
Sftft‘t‘t’tf. is a member of the National Radio
Staff. She was joined on the panel by Joan
Behrinann. editor of the nearby Sunday
Srrratogirin and llcg (ircr'n. newscaster for In«
sidi- Albany. the weekly television news pro-
gram on WMl'fT.

Ms. Belnniami noted that it "has been ii
predominantly nitric press for years," Today
women make up only 20 [‘it'l't‘t'iii of press
staffs lit fllt' United States. slit’ revealed. The
Lou Grunt Shore's Billy Newman. the only

ft’ilitllt' reporter in the show, is on all too
perfect indication of Illt' depth of worm-n jourr

 

irrihsis,

in the February l‘lHii [filiior iinrl i‘iililisiu-i d
survey nl 3200 dailies in the [1.5. found that
93.5 percent of llii‘lll had llitlll‘ editor's. This.
the Siii'uiogiun Sunday editor observed is only

 

lilllil‘tl iir 1078.

Women iiil‘ still being placed iii soft new,
feature. posiiinns. Most entry-level robs tire for
women, the panel all agreed Powerful lirrrd
news beats most often go in the mole reporters
and editors.

The press. however. has done .i better job
of presenting women more credibly than has
television or radio. The “blue-eyed dumb
blonde" female character is for sure a

recognizable television advertising tool. But.
the point was iliii(ll'. so is “Mr. Macho Stud"
Si“i)l(liig cigarettes or promoting whatever for
llit‘ business world Vlr'i the TV medium.

The panel members agreed that courtesy
titles differ in different comniuiiications
mediums. "Chairperson" for a female head of
a civic group is still ti sticky-wicket. "Mrs." v
“Ms.” v. “Miss” are not yet univvrsally agreed-
iipoii references in Width)” in the press world.

Salaries and sexism was a focal point of the
panel's discussion. Ms. Behrinann noted that
cvun thoriin women are growing in larger
numbers in newsrooms. there still exists ii pay
issue showing inequality with male connivi-
parts perforriring the same roles in mm»
riituiicritimis. "Thil difference in pay for men
rind women is us Itittt‘li 'lii percent."

Ms Wi'rtheinicr agreed. “Women cannot
command the salaries men do." At National
Public Radio. there has been great emphasis

on hiring women onto thr.I staff. "We had so

 

 

ii 1.3 percent increase from survey results many women on our staff that we literally had

to do Affirmative Action hiring to hire men."
shc srrid noting that it is still a bit of a shock for
ii shop to have a lot of women in il.

Politics. however. remains a fairly
masculine enierpriso. Peg Green realizes that
politics is an important news beat. "In the
Capital District. only 17 out of 50 Capital
reporters are females." With her Inside Albany
news experience she commented that being a
female can at times have positive advantages.
A women can sometimes have faster access to
a press hot spot news area than a male.

Since there are few women political leaders
elected in tire Albany area "reporters are hav-
trig to cover men lti office." Ms. Green noted.
in the Carey Administration. women are still
the silent Albany powers. Only tliéSoctalSer-
vices has a female Carcy~appoiniee as its
head. "No ravishing blonde has been elected
to the Legislature . . . and i doubt she ever will
be." Ms. (been noted.

The femalc staff in the journalism world is
an ever-iriiproving slate of lilfalrs both the
DittiL’l and listeners in the audience agreed. As
for news content oriented towards women
rmidcrs. this too is it changing affair. There are
fewer "Women's Pages” and less emphasis on
food and fashion specifically for female
readers and television viewers. The evolution
has been toward “Lift-style" content sections
which relate both men and women with
sorted, ' often mutual. interests in food.
fashion. clothes. and the home;

 

 

