may/Vt”

grams/v ""
(8515‘

H/S SCHOOL YEHI
ConTthE‘b :com
730” # /3

Dee. xiso -— may mgr

 

 

Dick Gregory Packs the Ballroom

by Amy Kantor

“I ain’t never gonna leave until
tliey straighten this punky nation
out. Then l'm gone.” proclaimed
controversial activist Dick Gregory
last night to a near-capacity Cam-
pus Center Ballroom crowd.

4 NEWS FEATURES

The 49-year-old spokesman. who
recently returned from lraii. ad-
dressed a responsive audience for
n'arly three hours. In the ASUBA
and Speaker‘s Forum spottsored
event. Gregory reflected on the
state of America. situations abroad
and at home. He talked iii depth
about problems faced by blacks iii
education. employment. and sur-

 

 

   

viving “the game."

He voiced his attitudes about “a
group of white pimps who are runn~
ing the country.pu|ling off
whatever they can pull off while
they have us believing the wrong
things.”

Calling the operations of our in-
stitutions a “whole game of

', ' inn,“ Gregory expound-
ed on his theory.

The problem about lran. he said,
was that the western world always
treated Third World countries in
the satire wrty in which they treat
women. “lran told us ‘Baek off me.
Don't touch nte‘."

He explained that the Americans
were trying to provoke lran by
bringing the Shah to America.

“Khomeini didn't understand how
our systEm works. lranians wasted
money we owe them." And this he
said was why Americans situated
there were taken hostage. Gregory
stated. “The hostages are about
eight million dollars we owe lran."
And all year. he said. we thought
the hostages were being held captive
because the President refused to
apologize.

“When tltey give us hostages. we
riiust give them money." Gregory
cotttinued. “The problem is greed.
Let the Iranians go to Chase
Manhattan Batik and jump arotrnd.
They watrt money biit they don‘t
understand money."

According to Gergory. we don‘t

con/inier t)II page nim-

 

 

LVol. van No. 47

 

 

 

      

l'hiti r Mllu- l'ullrr

(‘oinedian turned activist Dick Gregory-
"We can turn things around if you understand you count. "

 

‘Stute linlyerslly of New York at Albany

PM) P“

t'ntll by the Albany Student I'vvsst nrporutlirn

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

Albany County Courthouse on Eagle Street
Police arrest Itvo ill/(likens in Iwu (lays.

Faculty Vote Calls for

Reduced Representation

by Ken (.‘ordun

Results of the l’acnlty Referen—
dam on Student Representation in
the thrivcrsity Senate indicate that
faculty members from reducing the
number of student scars in the
senate. according to Assistant to thc
President l-‘rcdrick Volkwcin

't‘his woirld cfl‘i-ctitcly reduce the
si/c of the Senate and incrcasc the
proportional representation of
voting faculty.

Volkwcin. who compiled the
results of the rctercrrdrirn. said that
maintaining the status qiio (option
I) arid eliminating student represen-
tation (option V) were the two least
favored of the five options
presented to the faculty.

According to Norriinations rrrrd
Elections Corirrnittcc (,‘Iiairpcrson
Kendall liirr. the committee will be
preparing a second referendum to
be presented early next wcck.

"()ption l. Option ll (Option |
including a separation of faculty
and student votes on acadenilc
issues). and Option V produced
more negative feedback than
positive. We are in effect

I'ltolo: \Illt' littn'll

eliminating those options." siiid
liirr.

'l‘irc referendum stimulated a
response of 325 faculty ballots out
of it potential voting body of zip»
pr'oxitriatcly 1100. according to
Volkwcin.

“’l‘hc viable alternatixes liinc
been narrowed to two," said Volk—
wein. -
The option that was favored sc-
cond to reducing the student seats
(Option IV) was ()ptiorr it! which
suggested maintaining the current
composition except to establish a
sepcr‘ately elected faculty body.

(VIII/01140” on page tlri/‘Ii'en

Kidnapper Pleads uilty

by lletli Sewer

A man was sentenced \\"ediiesday
iii Albany l’olicc Court to one year
in the Albany County .lail after
pleading guilty to reduced charges
of second-degree kidnapping ot' a
female SUNYA student.

l’olicc identified the attacker as
Daniel .latrres Thomson. 2}. ol‘45":
Sherman Street. Albany.

The student. Donna Vislocky. 2t).
fought off the attacker after he
threatened to shoot her. and chased
him several blocks until police cap-
trired him. last 'l'ucsday. Norerrrbet
24. at approvimatcly ltl:5t) p.m.

According to Vislocky. on the
night of the incident she was walk-
ing on South lake Awrriic towards
Western Avenue wlrctr a man grab-
bed her from behind, put his left
arm around her throat and his right
hand iirto her side. and threatened
lrct'.

Visiocky told police the man said.
“I hate a grin I‘m going to biow
your brains out, ('onrc into the
bushes with me."

\’is|ocky said that she kept walk-
ing. gesturing witlr her arms in hope
that a car would stop tor her. llrc
cars. however. passed by.

\"islricky then climbed the at—
tackei ill the stomach and rcali/cd
that he was not holding a grin.

"lie was weaker than l am.“ she
said. Vislocky described l’hornsorr
as a very skinny. white male. 5.
feet. 7 inches lit”. with shoulder
length brown hair

Vislocky described herself as 5
feet. ti inches tall and approviirrirtc-
1y l3t) pounds.

Al‘tcr elbowing the attacker.
Vislocky said she grabbed his
wrists. iiiid began screaming and

ASPects

has a future
Check it out!

crrrsirrg at lrrrri. l‘hc ninn started the police in a pay phone at the cor—

biickirtg away. claiming his assarrlt
\vtt's only it joke. Vislocky said: The
titan tirerr ran into Washington
’ark.

Vislocky rim to her apartment
and told her roommate. SllNYA
student l)ctirct liassar. 1'). about
the incident. Since her phone was
not iii order. tltc two of them called

net of Western and North Lake
avenues. Vislocky said. The police
iristrtrcted them to wall near the
phone booth until the officers arriv-
ed.

As the two woirren were waiting.
Vislocky saw her attacker pass by.
Alt '7 instructing Demet to wait at

continued on page seven

 

(Teenager Charged With 1

Twa D0 wn town Assaults

Art iii—y ar-old Albany man was indicted by art Albany County
Supreme ('otirt grand jury last l‘ucsday. November 25. on charges
relating to the attempted kidnapping and assault of a wornatr. 42, in
the parking lot on Steuben Street and llroadway. according to Assis-
tant to thc District Attorney lam \\'icst.

Wiest c\pects that tltc satire man will also be indicted for sodomy.
sesrral abuse and kidnapping oi three other worrrcrt. including two wlro
w ctc grabbcd near St iNVA's Draper Campus, and WW near the Well-
ington “MCI.

'l hc suspect. Rodney Addison ot' 27| Sheridan Avenue. was arrested
on Monday. Nor crrrbcr 24 after a woman was attacked at (i p.tn. as she
was getting irrro her car. according to a police rcport. Police said the
rrrari held a knife against the woman‘s side. cut her hand. and tried to
lorce ltcr into the car. '

Police said the woman pushed the suspect away and screamed. The
suspch then tied west behind 5m Broadway. Office .lohn Dinovo ar-
tcslcd Addison near Acirderrry Park of Washington Avcnuc.

Addison was charged with second-degree charges of assault and kid-
napping irrrd a third degree charge of possession of a dangerous
weapon for the Monday night attack.

Addison was subsequently charged with sodomy. sexual abuse. kid~
napping. possession of weapons mid robbery relating to three other at-
lacks on October 7. October 25 artd November 3.

According to a police report. on October 7 a young wotnan was ab-
ducted ris shc was entering her car in the Robin Strch parking lot near
Draper campus. The srrspect forced her into her car at ktrifepoint.
ordered her to drive around the city titrtil they stopped at Lark Street.
There the suspect sodonriyed lrct and stole $15 before fleeing.

On November 3 another young woman was abducted iii the satire
parking lot as she was entering her cat. according to a police report.
The suspect ordered the victim to drive to a deserted parking lot on
Road arid Hawk streets where she was sodomized arid robbed ofa dia-
mond ring and $60 in cash.

in the October 25 incident. a woman waiting for a bus at 7:30 pm.
at State and Eagle Streets was abducted and raped in Academy Park.
according to a police report. '

Wiest said that the indictment for the Noverirber 24 incident handed
down by the grand jury was sealed. but was presented before Judge
.lolitr Clytrc today in Albany County Court.

 

 

 

-— Beth Setter

