 

‘Ano’tttstd CAMpttS'

 

 

 

.l.
‘5
r
l
y

sot—mg...

'.M5a

 

 

. . .
Give Him a Hand

The way you shake hands may be more important titan
you think, said Willie Dean at a career seminar Tuesday,
’sponsored by Omega Psi Ptti. Inc.

Deanpa former General Electric recruiter, said lack of
confidence is most often shown by the way an crttployee
shakes hands. l-le said, “Most applicants lose their jobs at
the interview."

He then shook hands with everyotte itt tltc roottt and
rated their handsltaking ability on a scale of otte to tett.
Those who shook hands and remained seated received a
two. For standing up and givittg a firm sltake. a six was
awarded. After sltakittg everyonc‘s hand. Dean said that to
receive a perfect score one wottld Itave to stand up. look the
otltcr pcrsott straight itt tlte eye and state ltis or her ttattte
clearly.

Earth Day Celebration

Earth Day ‘80 will be celebrated itt Albany's Washington
Park on Sunday. April 20. with a program of en-
vironmental and energy exhibits. a Pine lltrslt bicycle trip.
speakers. rttusic. attd :1 crafts I‘air. froth “:30 to 5:00.

Tlte evettt is part of a national cotnmcmttration of tire
tentlt anniversary of the first [Earth Day. whictt was lteld
April 22, I970. Earth Day ‘70. a day of environmental
teach-ins. rallies. and festivals. marked the beginning of a
decade of public commitment to a healthy ettviotttttettt.

A Pine Bush bicycle trip will start at the SUNYA Altttttrti
Hottse at ltlztltl. ttl'tera talk on solar energy. Riders will tottr
the Pine llttslt. wltcrc a geologist frottt ttte state museum
will lecture on pitte barrehs ecology. attd will then tcltlt'tt to
the park.

Mayor ljrastus Corning will speak at ttoott. followed by
other speakers ittcttdittg NYPIRG director Donald Ross.
Larry llogart from the llttdsott Valley Anti-Nuclear
Alliance. Bernie Melewski front the lflly‘ll'ttlllllclllill Plann-
ittg Lobby. and others who will discuss toxic wastes. alter-
native ettergy sources. attd geothcrn ttl power tcsctuelt.

Entertainment will he pro\idcd by tttttsiciatts uttd singers.
including t‘olksinger Nellie llrown. l-"sltibits will
demonstrate alternative energy cqttiptttettt mtd will provide
ittfortttatiott froth environmental orguni/atious. l'ttetc will
also be u crafts fair by local artists. food booths. a thou-
sand l'rcc trees to be given away. ttttd a neighborhood clean-
up.

Tltc event. sponsored by ttte Universin lltanctr of
NYPIRG. tltc Center for littvitohtnentul ()ptiohs. Inc City
of Albany. and the Fund for Animals. lnc.

ltt case of rain. events will be turned ittto ttte boathottsc
in the park.

Sex Week Starts Monday

Tlte Sexuality Resource Center (SRC) is sponsoring Ses-
uality Education Week. begittttittg Monday tt. tltc Campus
Center. Programs will ittclttde filttts. discussions. lectures.
and displays cottcetttittg all aspects of modern sesuttlity.
SRC Coordinator Attgclu l.omattto sttys. “the programs
are designed to bring awareness that sex goes beyond inter»
course and encompasses health care. tcligiott. social tolcs.
homosexuality, and tape "

Next wccls the following cycttts the scheduled:

Monday: 3:30 — Vaginal Health Care: 7:l5 H llitth
Control Workshop '

Tuesday: 3:30 w I|outose\uality Workshop; 7:|5 --r
What's the Sexuality Resource Center all ttbout'.’
’cdttesday: 3:30 — Living Together attd (letting Mut-
t'ied' 7:I5 — Pltil Donahue tape: Willith Master's and
Discussion; 8130 —~- 2 Films attd Discussion: “Mule Physical
Sexual Response" and "l’ctttalc Physical Sexual Response"

'l‘htn‘sday: I:th w l-‘ilm: “Growing [to Male" and
Discussion with Planned Parenthood coordinator; ,lzltt v
“llcing Religious and Sexual". Discussion witlt l’ticst.
Rabbi. and Minister

l'tltlil)‘: 3:30 W Rape Awareness

The Resource Center is a llttl~l.lltt.' counseling and refer-
ral set'vic , tttartttcd by qualified student pltottc counselors.
Their office is itt Schuyict llall. Dtttclt Quad. For more in»

 

 

formation. call 457-80l5.

DATEliNE:

April 1 7, 1980

 

Would Capsules

 

U .8. Moves Toward Recession

WASHINGTON (AP) After tttotttlts of fits and starts. the
nation's economy apparently is finally moving ittto a long-
prcdictcd recession —- its seventh since Wot Id War II. A
range ol'ccortomic indicators. from housing to jobs. say the
downturn ltas begtth. “While tltetc was a brief period of
doubt earlier this year about wtticlt direction tttc ecottottty
was going. the preponderance ot‘cvidcnce itt Iltc last several
weeks all seettts to poittt toward tlte fact that a tcccssion is
now setttttg in.“ said Williatu Cox. dcpttty chief ccottotttist
at 'ltL' Cotttttterce Department. Most analysts. including
those for tltc Cat'th administration. predict the dowtttttrtt
will he tttild. llut tttey admit that before it's over. us many
as | tttilliott ot 2 rttilliott persons could lose ttteit jobs.

Red Cross Visits Hostages

’AI’) A lC|)tL."st.‘t!|.‘.tr\’c of the International Red Cross is My
.tg l'ront 'l‘curan Io litttope today with messages It rm all of
tttc hostages itt the U.S. limbtrssy to their l'tttutiics. 'l‘wo
Swiss Red ('t oss tttert interviewed all the captives it. 'ltc eth-
hassy “one by one" Monday and btottgltt ottt a ha of tttc
hostages and messages for their fatttilics, the Red Cross
reported, “lo tttc they appeared itt rather good shape."
said Iltttold Scttthid tlc (irttneck. the permanent Red Cross
representative itt l'cht‘an. who with Dr. llerntttd l.icbcsl<ittd
uttd tlttcc Iranian officials spent scvett hours lit the oc—
cttpicd embassy. It was the tttost extensive visit by arty
foreigners to tire captive Americans sittce tttilitattt young
lttmians sci/ed tttc embassy ttttd its staff Ittst No\. 4. It was
also tttc first time mty foreigners were reported to have scctt
all the prisoners.

House Member Urges Arms

WASHINGTON (AP) A senior member of the House
Armed Services Committee. just back frottt a trip to the In-
diutt Ocean and Persian Gulf. has ttrgcd President Carter to
begin sttpplyittg arms to Afghan troops .still fighting the
Soviet occupation of Iltcircuuntry. “Here is one plain. sim-
plc. direct attd manifestly inexpensive way to help stop Rus-
sian aggression dcad itt its tracks." Rep. Sam Strrttton.
l)-N.Y.. said Monday. I‘Itere Itavc been reports that the
United States is already ptovidirtg secret help to the Afghan
rebels. lIuI Stratum said he tttct with rebels itt ’ttkistttn attd
saw no evidence of U.S. weapons. Stralton said the rebels
pleaded witlt the IS llottsc tttcthhcrs on the trip to obtain
“weapons of any kind . . . so they can go back across the
Khyber ’uss arid fight sottte more against tltc Soviet in-
\udets of tttcit homeland."

Draft Funds Approved

WASIIIN l'l'l)N (AP) President Carter‘s draft t’s‘glslt‘ttti tll
plan was rescued from defeat today when the llottsc A,»
proprihtiotts ('otttntittcc apptoycd spending $13.] million
to register young men. The vote was 2tr-23. l'lottsc Spcukct
l‘hothas P. O'Neill. l)thtss.. said the full llottsc would
debate the issue nest l‘ttcsday‘. “I would be surprised if it
were defeated." ()‘Ncill said. the committee's vote that kcd
the first \ictoty for tttc ('attct"s plan itt Congtcss. II och-
tut'ncd art Appropriations sttbcormnirtcc votc l‘t'lt. 27 deny -
ittg tltc hdtttittisttation money for anything bttt a stand by
tcgistt‘tttion program. the money - if approved by the fttll
Congress — would tmdct write the cost of t'cgistctiug 4
million yottttg men. aged 1‘) and Ill. beginning this strttnttct.
(in two scpnttttc \oicc votes. the committee tcicctcd itt
cluding wontctt itt registration along with tttctt. ‘l'ltt- [llL'Sl'
dcttt already ttas authorin to order peacetime registration
of then. but ttccds tttnncy l'toth Congress to pttt it itt opera-
ttott.

 

Hudson Clean-up Needed

WASHINGTON (AP) New York linvitonntctttal (.‘onser-
vation (,‘ttltlntissiottcf Robert lilhckc said today it is
“absolutely essential" that federal funds be provided if the
state is to clean up PCIl ltot spots iii the Hudson River.
Flacke told the House Public Works Subcommittee on
Water Resources that polltttiott of the Hudson by cancer-
Iinkcd polycltlorittated biphettyls is "equally as serious" as
the problems posed by disposttl of cltettticttl wastes froth the
former Love Canal dttrttp itt Niagara Falls. N.Y. ltt
prepared testimony. lilttckc reminded the subcommittee
tltut the General Electric Co., the source of the PCBs In the
river, and the state ltuvr: spent $7 million to study the pro-
blem and plan remedial steps.

Begitiﬁarter Talks

WASHINGTON (AP) Israeli Prime Minister Menaclteth
Begin says his talks with President Carter produced. in ad-
dition to agreement for marathon negotiations on self.
government for l.2'million Palestinian Arabs. “some hm
gress" toward easirtg Israel's security concerns. Begin
refused to be specific. but other sources said today it
centered on using “a continuing committee" to deal you.
water rigltts and some other touglt issues if they can”... 1...
resolved in the Egyptian-Israeli talks. The mmmmw‘ 1m
offshoot ot'tne Camp David agreement of September 197x.
is designed to deal principally with refugee problems. In”
the accord also provides that it may deal with “other that.
ters of common concern.“

Javits Urges Carter

SYRACUSE. N.Y. (AP) U.S. Sen. Jacob .layits, R-N.) .
has called on the Carter administration to continue to pt...
the role of mediator between Israel and Egypt \\l||p.\|t
becoming “discouraged or exasperated" about the pm. .-
proccss. .Iavits. speaking to repotters here Monday. ..n.l
[Egyptian President Ahwttt‘ Sadat is ttttdct pt'csstttt: tron»
otltct Arab ttatiotts to abandon the Camp Dttyid pont-
agreement. .latits said a key to tire success of the agtccmt to
is to dctclop art economic relationship bctwectt l.gypt .nr.|
lstacl.

“ [his is the otte key strategic area itt the Middle I .r
wttctc the free world can Itavc a secure ltttsc \llllt’lt tn ttl
ttispettsiblc to its total security." .Iavit/ said.

Campaigns In Pennsylvania

(AP) lite battleground for presidential politics s\\tts‘|lc. H,
earnest to Pennsylvania today. with backers of both l'lt'»t
dcttt (‘ttrter tntd Sch. lidwurd M. Kennedy saying lltt
Massachusetts senator could upset (.‘urtcr iii the light tor
tttc state‘s lllS Dctnocratic national con 'tlllttlt delegate.
With the Pennsylvania pritttaty just a wch aw try. Kennedy
is tcttttttittg to Philadelphia today with his wife. .loun. rIIttl
even Vice President Walter I". Mondale says the L'lllllls’ltt‘t'l
could delcat Carter in ttte state with tltc third-largest .ot.
ventioh delegation. ()It the Republican side. (‘reotttc Iln- ltl
itt Pennsylvania ttlt‘cttdy. pttrsuittg a last»ditctt effort to sit qt
Ronald Reagan from gaining the party's nothinuttoh.
Reagan will be itt the state Wednesday. .lotttt Attch sort. ltll
third rival for the GOP ttod. ltas dropped off the s'tttttputt‘n
trail for a week. III -attwhilc. attd sotttccs say he is tlt‘t'ltllll"
whether to drop ttis Republican effort attd run as an to
dcpcttdcttt. ‘

 

U .8. Moves Against Iran

WASHINGTON (AP) Presidcttt Carter may otdet llllllls'l
retaliatory htovcs against Iran as early as Thursday but will
ttot consider military action to free Americans held hostage
itt 'l'cittah until after mid-May. a top aide said Wednesday.
l‘ltc aide. who dcclittcd to be qttotcd by name. indicated
that a Cttrter announcement of new economic and
diplomatic stthctiotts wottld come soott — perhaps in tune
for a nationally broadcast ttcws conference tcnttttiwlt
scheduled for l'nut'sday. In any case. this source indicated.
action would be likely by the cttd of next week. The sonnc
also said the U.S. government ltas told its allies that Innt
should tutvc ample time by mid-May to respond to the soils

tiotts ("utter otdeted last week. which included thc sctt'ttttt‘
of diplomatic relations with the lemon regithc.

Carter Confuses Allies

\l'ASlIlNG'I'ON (AP) President Carter's weekend lll‘tl
view with l-‘uropcttn television t'cpottet s Mr A
"tnisitttttIvssintt" tt\‘ct \vltal Iltc United Stltlcs esnctt or t'
Hills“. HIIIIU DCItttttthent officials say. The ofliciuls, \\ltrrl
qttcstetl anonymity. said Monday that tile president tt-t 3-”
set a deadline for these allies to begin sanctions ttl'rlll‘ ‘ “
break lL'llIllstlls with Itrtn. Saturday. ("utter told tnrl 
pcutt cottcspottdcttts: “We have sent to lllt‘ lls.’.ltl it or
tiotts. all those represented by you. a spcciItr' date at v m- n

time we would c\1tccl this cottttttott cffot I to be sttrtc tnt'

\k'hctt tcpottcts asked wttctttct' this thcuns rt tlt'iltlllll‘ int “
:rlltcs. they were told by officials. who asked not to In ttlrt
titied. thttt it did.

Philosopher Satre Dies

"MUS (AI') Jean-Paul Sartre. renowned tttotlt‘ltt
Illllltmtttltet' who died after a month-long lung lllllllt'tli. toll
be cremated and his ashes placed near tltc l.cI'I ll.tnk not
where ltc spent his final years. his secretary said \\'rdttt-s-
day. The body of Sartre. who died Tuesday night at 7t. will
be cremated without fanfare Friday at the Pcro lltt'lllll‘tl'
CUI‘ICIL‘I'Y. where such literary greats as Victor llttl"'v
Marcel Proust ttttd Colette are buried. the semen") *A'l‘l'
An ttrtt containing his ashes will be placed In htrttrttti|"'“'”‘“
cell‘s‘lt‘t‘)’. Sartre. a pioneer of the cxltilL'llllttlisl philosophy
that dominated European thinking after World War II. wit)
described by President Vttlery (iiscard d‘listtting as “one of
the great intellectual lights of our times."

   
 

 

 

 

April 18, 1980

 Albany Student Press'

... m.-. . HA “and.-

 

New SA Election Regulations Limit Posters

by Judie Elsenberg

Due to the cottfusiott and expense
of last year's SA electiott. regula-
tions have been put ittto effect to
limit the types attd amounts of
publicity which cart be used iIt this
year's: campaign.

In last year's clcctiott. tltere were
seven presidential and tltree vice-
pt'esidentiztl candidates. “It was a
zoo." remarked present SA presi-
dettt l.istt Ncwmark. "There were
posters etet'ytvttere —- the satnc
kind of poster on c\ cry pillar on the
podium. People got annoyed."

A bill passed by SA Central
Council on November 28. I979.
specifics certain areas where posters
ctttt be placed. attd prohibits the use
of ptofcssionully made campaign
materials.

“It was unfair to ttuve campaign
posters taking up all the podiutu
space. other things were going on
besides the campaign." said
Unitctsity Senate tttetttbet llill
Pupc. who atttttorcd the new bill.
According to Pope. only one persott
voted against the bill.

Papc. who described himself as
“a cone rtted student." obtained
voting rights on Central Council's
Internal Affairs Conmtittec itt order
to change future campaigning pro-
ccdtttes.

The bill was dcsigttcd mainly to
litttit Ilt‘ atttottttt of money being
spcttt on SA campaigns, ’ttpc said.
Pape estimated that some cutt-
didates spent approximately
$500-$600 pttblici’littg ttteit 'am-
paigns‘ last year. He felt tttat this
was discriminatory because it tttadc
the first consideration itt running
for ofltcc Ittc amount of tttottcy ortc
had rather than ohc's amount ot'ex-

r - r " .- .

Presentation attd banquet was held iii the
leaching and Advising Awards Ccretttotty. Pictured abov-
lisa Ncwntrtrk. (back l-I‘) Co-Chuit's Steve Robins attd Dave Dittgct‘. ttttd .Iottn |.cvrtto. llottr IlotowiI/ and J

perience or ability. “I wanted to
make the campaign as cqualitarian
as possible.", said Pape. “At least
on the university level. elections
sitottld be fair."

Originally. Papc said. he wanted
to place a limitation on the amount
of money each candidate could
spend. blll it didn't look like the
Couttcil would accept that. The bill
as it was passed. indirectly litttited
titc atttotrttt of money spent on a
campaign by limiting tltc amount
attd kind of publicin that cart be us-
cd.

According to the bill, posters cart
only be placed itt tltcsc designated
areas -A the four corner entrances
to tire podittth. itt front of the Cam-
pus Center. itr front of the PAC. itt
front of tttc library. and on all
bttllctitt boards itt tttc Campus
Center. lecture centers and
academic buildings. According to
l€lectioh Commissioner Ron
Joseph. each quad has its own
restrictions as to where posters catt
be ttttttg. ,

ltt addition. posters may only be
itttttg on assigned pillars itt the
designated ar'tts. According to tire
bill. tttc candidates ttre limited to
one poster per designated pillar.
These designated pillars rnusl be
evenly distributed within cottfittcd
or «is and should make up tto tnorc
than 50 percent of the total tttttttbcr
of pillars witttitt those areas. It is the
dttty of the El- 'tion Commissioner
to decide which pillars should be us-
ed attd to enforce these regulations.
According to Commissioner
Joseph. notes with his signature
tltcttt ltave been placed on certain
pillars to mark them.

One of the SA presidential catt-

 

 
   

l.t,‘\tlltt received awards. along with six other teachers artd advisot‘s.

Bill Would Effect Student Tax

’ruroon Roomon 'l'(ucsrltty ttigltt. marking the first annual SA
are (front l-r) llclcn llorowiti. SA Ptcsidcttl

didtttes. .lirtt Castro-Blanch. said
that tttc new regulations make
tltittgs harder for tire ‘attdidtttes.
“It's a cryptic way of doing
things." he said. "You havcto find
out whictt pillars are designated."

“Wc'tc being. cautious of where
we put our posters. another SA
presidential cartdidate She (told
replied. “We‘re ttyittg to stay
within Ittc regulations."

The poster-limiting regulations
should ttot hate art adtct'se effect
on the campaign as long as people
know trow to use tttem. Papc
stated. The designated areas are
where most people cohgtcgatc. It‘s
up to tire candidate to see that he or
she gets the best spot in terms of
visibility. l’ttpe said.

A benefit of this type of restric-
tion is that it puts tttore premium on
the eandidatcs‘ getting around rhore
attd relying less on posters to get
their messages across. Pane stated.

The other major restriction in the
bill is the proltibitioh of profes-
sionally produced campaign
tttaterials to phblici/e one‘s catt-
didacy. such as buttons and
stickers. The bill defines
uprofessional" to mean expert
worktttattsttip that is ttortttally done
for financial remuneration. The use
of such buttons was also
discriminatory. sttid Pnpe. as it gave
sotttc candidates an uttfait advan-
tagc.

Central Council member l‘TillIls
llnittnun was opposed to the passing

.rﬁts
Slur/en! Jim Castro-Elana): Rules

make campaigning difﬁcult.

_________._.___
of this bill iii the Central Council .
because ltc felt there were loopholes
itt it. He believed the amount of
money that would be saved Would
be questionable. "The cost of buy-
ittg all the supplies ittvolved to make
your .own buttons isn't less expen-
t'tt/ttinnerl on page five

Cable TV May Bellere Soon

 

Student Support Needed

by llelll Seu'r

l-‘ollowihg ttrtcc year s of planning
and debate. cable I'V may finally
become a tcality at SlINYA if
students demonstrate sufficient
sttppott l‘ot tttc SA project lll corn-
ing weeks. l'hc proposul's fan.- will
soott be decided by a rcl'etcndmn to
persuade SUNYA administrators
attd SUNY Central to ttppttnc sttctt
a project.

Dttrittg this year's SA electron. to
be held April lit—3t). ballots will in»
cludc a question asking students
pluttttittg to the on campus ncst
y ‘Ltl whether they are willing to pay
a four dollar per semester mans
datot'y fee itt tcttttrt for the dot-
rttitotv cable television sr-t\ict-.

“The four dollar fee." said Levy.

 

 

SASU To Fight Legislature’s Interference

by Peggy 'l‘ltitn

A bill aimed at preventing arty
college or ttuiversity within the
SUNY or CUNY system froth
charging a mandatory student ac~
tivity fee from a student who is not
attending his registered school will
be ptcsetttcd before the State
Legislature Tuesday.

The student activity fee is used to
fund student governments. ttttd
campus grottps and activities. If
passed. the bill would exempt
students sttclt as those studying
abroad or participating itt visiting
programs front paying for services
they will ttot be receivittg.

The bill. which was introduced by
Assemblyman Michael L. Pesce.
will be strongly lobbied against by

SASU. SASU is ttot opposed to the
actual policy set forth itt the bill bttt
they object to legislative in-
terference iii any aspect of stttdcnt
activity fees. said Crould. Although
technically the legislature has the
power to regulate this area, SASU
wants students. administration and
faculty to regain the control they
rtow hold over student activity fees.

It" passed. SASU fears that this
bill may set a precedent for further
legislative interference. Student in-
tern Tony Dulce. who suggested to
Pesce that such tt bill be passed.
feels it is ironic that SASU, which is
supposed to uphold the student's
interests. ls lobbying against this
bill. Dolce does not tltink this bill
Would be opening the door to fur-

thnt interference irt Student Ac-
tivities fees. bttt iltttt it is ottly aimed
at eliminating an ttttjtrst situation
for tire stttdcttt.

SASU also claims that the bill is
ttot ttecded since the majority of
SIJNY schools already Itave a policy
providing for stttdettt reimburse-
ment itt certain cases. But according
to Dolec. the bill is still needed sittcc
out. students ttre unaware of the
t'eintltursentent procedttrc and are
losing money. The proposed bill
would prevent these students from
being charged at all.

According to Joe Dieso. Ad-
ministrative Assistant to Pesce, it
appears likely that thcj'bilf will be

defeated because of SASU's strong.

continued on page ﬁve

“will ittclttdc installation costs.
yearly operating costs. loan
pttybucks. and the cost of I'V's- to
go itt evcty dottn not presently
eqttipped with one." the price
structure and financing of this pro-
ject ttus tccctttly been coordinated
by Icyy httd Dean of Student Af-
fairs Neil Iltowtt. ’ussagc of tire
tcl'ctcndutn requires 35 pctcettt of
eligible participants to vote. and (to
percent of those volets to approve
it. said l.evy.

A posititc vote on ttte tcl'ctcn-
dttttt. Leyy said.“is students saying:
‘ch. we don‘t mind if yott bill its
for cable TV at that price'."

” the referendum is binding on
students." ttc said. “If the SUNYA
:ttltnittislthtitnt and SUNY (‘crttt‘ttl
()k's the project; the students are
Itottttd by the ttniyetsity to pay for
it." '

Plans to install cable I‘V itt the
dot rtts were based on the tcsttlts of a
stttscy lltllllllllle‘lL‘tl to on-cantptts
studcttts itt l'Cl‘HllillV. I'ltc final tc-
port of u llttivcrsity ('ttblc 'I’V l'ttsk
l'otcc noted tttttt “stttdcnts \\’IIttI
chltlc IV. but they don‘t want to
put thirty dollhts a ycrtt” to |tl|\k‘
ttus sctyicc itt tttc individual stolen.
stud |.c\\.

Two Students

“That‘s why." trc said. “the next
best ttrirrg is to have it iii the
louugt . where the price Would be
considerably less."

Task Force HBO chccters re-

-jccted the idea of including Ilottte
llo\ ()t'fice (IlllO) itt their plans.
“IIIIU would have terrible cl'thts
on the cinema grownups. on the
Mouse Trap, Rut. PAC events."

Albany State Cinema business
operations manager Mike Iiried.
stated that rte “would ttdyocatejust
cable tclc\ision on cantpUs.”
However. he \vottld reject the idea
of instituting llIlO on campus for
the stttttc reasons as Levy.

If cable I'.V. is approved
by stttdettts. SUNYA ad-
tninistrutors. attd ﬁnally. SUNY
(‘cntt'al Capitol Cablevision of
Albany will he called ttptttt to begin
installation.

"It is conceivable . if all tttc cards
fall ittto place... it could he done by
early next semestet.” sttid LL \.
llowctct. he continued. “because
of technical reasons, Alrrtttrti Quad
cannot be wttcd llttltl the ttptowtr
quads tltt.‘ \titctl." l.c\y noted that
downtown residents will not be
charged tttc tttahdatory foth dollar
I’cc dtttnnI the pcttod itt which tttcir
cuhlc IV service is delayed.

Fined From.

Brawl With City Police

by Fred Wadlcr

lwo Sl INYA students were lined
$250.00 cacti l'ttcsday :thd ttttec
others the scheduled for return up»
|lL'l|Iil|lCCS lll L'tlllll lst illlSWL‘l it)
various ctrutgcs resulting from a
fight Match 22 between students
and police dtttittg a distttt‘huncc
call. police said.

[be five ttt't'csts httd Iltc cortvic»
tiotts ol two other SUNYA
stttdcnts. Robert Clinic and .loltlt
Dillttti stctttttted from a brawl that
ettsttcd between students and police
when police answered a “wild phr-
ty” call at tltc lilbet'on Place
rcsidettcc of Clunc and .chhuk.

’trtrick Ilnsh. 20. pleaded guilty
itt Albany Police Court to disorder-
ly conduct. A previous charge of
rcsisitiug arrest was dropped.

Kevin Logan. 2I. was found guil-
ty of disorderly conduct. Prior
charges of trespassing and resisting
arrest were dismissed.

The cases of Pattl Oechsli. charg-
ed with seetrnd—degree assault. a
felotty. resisting arrest. and
disorderly conduct, attd Williant
Houser. also charged with disorder-
ly conduct. were adjourned until

tApt‘il 22.
' '..lo.seplt .Iednak. charged with

second degree assault. a lelotty. :md
l\\t- t'ohht-. ol resisting arrest. is
scheduled to tchppeat itt cotttt April
3‘).

Clttttc. l'ttted
disorderly conduct.
police wetc rrpsct the ttigttt of the
party.“ and that lie “didn‘t like tltc
nttmnet lIt which the police handled
the case from the beginning."

Clttttc said his confrontations
wittt plaincsclothcs detective .Iolm
Nielstttt occurred because Nielstttt
"offended" hint. Ilc added that lte
(Clurtc) was drunk at the time attd
did not kttow Niclsott was a detec-
tivc.

Clttttc added lie is not sure of how

the g n.
Police Chief ‘l‘hotnns H. Burke
refused to give clearance for release
of: further information on the
students' cases.

SA lawyer Jack Lester. who
represented Dillat'i. Logan. and
lluslt. refused cotntttcttt.

The remaining students involved
either could rtot be reached for
comment or declined comment until
the hearings are cotttpleted.

Varsity basketball coach Dick

$250.00 for
said “the

' r

2
'1;
E

 

 

    

Sttuers has shown full support of"

continued on page five

