 

 

‘Wonld CApSUlES
W
Hostage Back to Duty

ALBANY (AP) A Marine corporal. freed from the U.S.
Embassy in Tehran because he was black, is returning to
embassy guard duty. Cpl. W_estley Williams said he is being
assigned to the U.S. Embassy ip Buenos Aires, Argentina.
and will ship out. later this week. Williams was in Albany to
visit his grandmother. Dehlia Mallory, who raised him. One
of 13 hostages released because they were black or women,
Williams has been on temporary duty at the Marine base in
Quantice, Va. “I’m not scared of going back to an em-
bassy," Williams said. “It's nothing but a job." Williams
also said that he had not gone through the corps’ new
"hostage school." “I had on-the-job training." he explain-
ed. Williams was on duty oit Nov. 4 when Iranian militants
stormed the U.S. Embassy. The militants still hold 50
Americans hostage and are demanding that the United
States force the deposed shah to returir to Iratt. “He's a
rotten guy," Williams said of the shah.

Police Murder Trial

MIAMI (AP)”Offtcet Marrero was standing over top of
tire motorcyclist and he was striking lritir about the head.
He had his ﬂashlight and ltc itad it gripped witli both
hands. He reared back attd catrre down on top of his head."
Tlte quotation is front a formal statement made by Officer
Williairi Hanloii, one of six Dude Cotttrty policemen accus-
ed ilt tlte death of black businessman Artltttr Lee McDufl'ic.
In the quiet ofa Tampa courtroom next month. a jury is to
begin hearing what happened during twertty frenzied
minutes oti a Miami street corttcr eigltt days before
Christmas. The incident has shaken black-white relations iii
Miami. The trial judge called it “a time bomb."
“McDUffie has becorrie a byword for terrorism." said Cir-
cuit Judge Lenore Nesbitt iii shifting the trial to 'l'rttnprt.
“The notoriety of tire case permeates tltc cottrnrtttrity."
One investigator says the “real horror stories" will ctrter‘gc
at the trial. liut crtouglr already is public to suggest that on
the morning of December 17. 1979. threads at the very core
of human decency begun to unravel. In Miami's tough ('ctt-
tral District. the one called The Combat Zone. pattoltuett
were chasing a 1973 Kawasaki 900 rttolorcyclc after an of—
ficer reported sccing it run a stop sign. It stopped at art iti-
tcrscctiott. Mchffie. 33. insurance salesman and former
military policeman. faced his pursuers. Murry officers arriv-
cd. Four days ltttcr rt comatose Mthiff died in a hospital.
his skull “cracked like an egg." according to tire medical
examiner, What happened iii the interim is it Dill/TC tltcjtrr'y
titttst assemble.

 

Explosion in San Salvador

SAN SALVADOR. I‘ll Salvador (AP) A powerful botnh
destroyed part of the Agriculture Ministry on Monday attd
shots were heard tiear the University of San Salvador shot i-
ly afterward. officials said. A leftist-initiated general stt'ikc
pttr'alyved business and industry. The explosion occurred
just after midnight Sunday. officials said. bttt tltc extent of
the damage was not immediately known. There were no
reports of casualties and tin one claitrted responsibility for
the attack. Security officials said shooting broke ottt at the
university. bttt did not know if it was related ttr the bond»
iitg. A thousand soldiers artd secttrity guards surrounded
the university. preventing traffic artd pedestrians front ap-
proachittg the campus.

OCWA Accepts Contract

DENVER (AP) Tire Oil, Chemical and Atotttic Workers
international Union announced acceptance yesterday of it
contract offer from 0qu Oil corportion. an agreement that
could set a pattern to end art 11-week nationwide strike liy
55.000 refinery workers. OCAW president Robert I“. (ioss.
calling the tentative pact “art adequate settlement." said an
equivalent offer also was tirade by Cities Service. i'ltrtt offer
was approved by the union‘s national oil bargaining policy
committee, he said. lloth offers will be submitted to local
ttrtiorr members for ratiﬁcation, (ioss said at a news cons
fererrec. The Denver-based union already had settled with
sortie smaller companies, but there had been no agreement
to set a pattern for the large oil companies. “The (1qu .set-
tlemettt is expected to set a pattern." (ioss said in confirm-
itig the report of a settlement tirade by a Golf spokesman on
Sunday. Accorditrg to sources familiar with the proposal.
(tulf has offered a new two-year contract instead of u otte-
year settlement on wages and benefits for the .secotrd ltnlf of
an existing two-year pact. Sources said the latest Gulf offer
meets the uttion's demands for immediate hourly wage irr-
creases averaging 51 an hour for the current $9.55 avertth
wage, arid sets wage increases of 10.5 percent itt 1981. The
tentative pact cotnes closer than previous offers to nutt-
cltitrg the union request for full payment of ntedicnl and
dental insurance. sources said.

Swedish Nuke Vote

STOCKHOLM. Sweden (AP) Sweden’s voters, with Three-
Mile. Island on their minds. will 'decide March 23 whether
the country's half-completed twelve plant nuclear power
project should be finisltcd or scrapped. The referendum has
divided the people and their political parties and sparked a
mud-slinging media war. Sweden began its construction
program just five years ago but already lras six plants itt
operation arid the other six completed or partially built. lit
the year since the Three-Mile lslarrd nuclear accident itt
Harrisburg.lPa.. the issue ltas become something like a na-
tional obsession. Swedes ltavc been deluged with propagati-
da from all sides and appear confused by the not very clear-
cut choices they are offered. Polls indicate a close race.
Voters ntust choose among three proposals —- two of which
are essentially the same -—- or cast a blank ballot. The deci—
'slons to contitttrc or to stop within tctt years a prograttt that
the country‘s major political parties agreed on five years
ago — one of the world's most ambitious programs per
capita. Now the parties have come up with differing pro-
posals. arid some unusual alliances have fornted..Centcr
Party Premier 'l‘liorbjorn Falldin. wlto heads the country's
first non-socialist govcrtttnertt in fottr decades. has joined
forces with the Communists and anti-nuclear environmen—
talists on the issue. Social Democratic opposition leader.
former Prcrttier Olof Palirte, calls the referendum “a test
for democracy." He joined conservative leader (iostu
liolrmttn iii condemning what Ire called “a wave of unbridlv
ed intimidating propaganda" front the anti-nuclear cartr-
paigit. The energy issue. very cotrtplicated technically. was
not supposed to have been subject to a plebiscite at all. Brit.
after fears were raised by the Three-Mile Island nuclear ac-
cidcttt. politicians chose to give the issue to tire people.

Illinois Campaigning

(.‘IIICAGO (AP) Representative .loltrr i}, Aridersott accus-
ed Ronald Reagan of desperation tactics for inviting hint
out of tire Republican party. while Senator Edward M.
Kennedy marched Monday for what lrc conceded is close to
it lost cause itr his campaign —— tltc lllinois presidential
primary. On tltc eve of the contest all entries have called a
watershed test of strength. Reagan. Anderson and former
U.N. Ambassador George Bush roamed Chicago arid the
state lit a final quest for votes. Kennedy was ittarcltirig with
(‘hicago Mayor .lartc llyrne in the St. Patrick‘s Day Parade.
Kennedy and ltis wife also went to Mass with the mayor. a
key ally iii his challenge to President Carter. lint Kennedy
virtually conceded that lie will lose the popular vote in
Tuesday's pritrrary. In an election—eve television interview.
he said he is most ltopeftrl for a strong showing ill the
delegate-selection phusc of the contest. The popular vote is
advisory; delegates are elected separately. On a raw and
rainy campaign day. Andersor. .tnd Reagan did some hand-
to-hand vote lrnrrting at Chicago commuter stops while
littin toured the state in an effort to boost his tottering
campaign. The big parade stepped off iii controversy. since
the mayor at first refused to invite President Carter to
march. then rclettted and asked him at Kennedy's urging.
Curler dcclittcd. remaining irt Washington as he has
throughout the campaign. Vice President Walter P. Mott-
drtlc as his stattdvitt campaigner itr Illinois. as itr early cott-
tests. Carter's wife Rosalyn went to New York for the St.
Patrick’s Day pill’ildc there. where Democrats vote iii
another big pritrrary election next Tuesday. Reagan hits sug-
gested that Anderson. the liberal congressman front
Rockford. Ill.. might be more Dctnocrnt than chuhlicntt.
Atrdcrsou called that it “desperation. last-urinute election
charge."

 

Mayor Found Murdered

ST. AI.IIANS, Vt. (AP) “You read about this iii lloston."
ltc said. “Not lterc itt St. Albatrs." City Council President
Floyd llnndy was proved wrong. ilttndy and other
residents of this small northwestern Vcrtrtortt town express-
ed disbelief ttt the death of ttcwly elected Mayor Janet
Smith. who died Monday evening after struggling for more
than it day with gunshot wounds suffered iii Iter Ironic Stirr-
day. The county prosecutor. David Miller. said lollowitrg
her death he would seek it first degree murder indictment
against l‘ntnto Jurva. who had been charged with ag-
gravated assuult itr connection with the shooting incident.

 

Don’t forget Friday
is the last day
to drop a class!

 

 

xxx xxx 1

DA'I'EllN :

MARch 17, 1980

1 1x1 1 1 xxxx

.lurva. 61, a live-in handyman employed by Mrs. 5mm, and
her 91-year-old husband. pleaded irrttoceni Monday and
was jailed following his arraignment for lack of $25,000
bail. Police said Jurva was seen leaving the Smith's 1m"...
shortly after the 10 am. shooting. Neighbors called police
after the mayor began screaming for help from a second
floor window. “I was so frightened." saida neighbor wt...
heard the shouts. “I wertt out in bare feet with just my
housccoat on and lteard her shouting 'Please . Flclp .
Help."' Word of the shooting spread quidkly through tltc
contmunity of 8.000 residents. Handy. wltorrt the 66-year.
old Mrs. Smith defeated in the March 4 election. said he
'didn't "even know how to understand it." Neighbors mid
Jurva ltad been living in the Smith’s lrotttc for several yctnt.
Jurva “helped Mrs. Stnitlt a lot." said Arrictta Dentar. the
Smith’s housekeeper. “He was a 101 of hpr to Mr. Smith
too.“she said. “When she had to go to City hall he would

u n
MleS

x

 

: -   - - -
Anound C

Jewish Awareness Week

Jewish Awareness Week at SUNYA continues with at
variety of exciting evurts. This cvcrrittg (it'ttctturn llL‘ll‘Cl.
cotiveitoi of the Attth can Cotnrnittce for Relief of “luck
Jews in Ethiopia. and author of the recently published
book. li/m-k Jews in Amer/cu, will speak iii l.(' 23 ill ttztto
p,m. on the plight of the Black .Iews iii lithiopirt and will
present slides to illustrate their desperate condition.

Ouad Advisement Cancelled

Dttc to lack of student response. (‘Uli advisement lll lllt'
quads will not Ire corttirrtrcd for the remainder ot lllt'
semester.

“At this tittic. w i are feeling frustrated and disappointed
with the disnral studettt turnout. We only had two or tInt-t-
undergraduates per quad takingadvantagc of this setticc,"
reports CUE Director Stanley Schwartz.

According to Scltwttrtl. several advisors front tire Center
for Undergraduate Education went to caclt quad for sctcinl
weeks begittrtirtg itt February to assist students with
scheduling problems. Each advisor had previously will
each undeclared major a letter irtforrrrittg hint of the [tith
posed plan. arid student response (was enthusiastic.
However. student showing was not as large as anticipated
Schwartz said. “this particular venture did not scent like it
good use of our time."

“Perhaps we were violating the students' sense of pritttt't.
orr the quads." said Vice-President of Undergraduate At
fairs I‘Iclcn Desfosses. “Maybe they did ttot want ticrttlenttr
corrccrtts interfering with their resident life."

However. Desl'osses is optimistic about reinstating llll\
service iii the future. " These quad visits were an attempt to
personalize CUE," she said. “Although we have been
delivering good service lterc iii the office. that tltrcs not rule
()lll other possible innovation."

Chess Tourney

Pass your pawn and let’s clteckmttte! SUNYA's ('Iiess
(‘1th and Wclbottrnc arid Pardy are covsponsot'lttg it chess
tournnirtcnt to be held March 22-23. Clrcs‘s players frotrr
Massachusetts. Syracuse. arid Ithaca will cotttpctc tlgnittsl
SUNYA Chess Club members. The tottrtrntrtcttt winner \\ ill
be re rtrtlcd $200 atttl $100 will go to the winner in each of
the various entries.

Registration will he held Saturday. March 22 front
8:30-9:30 tt.tn. in tlrc'llnsiness Administration llnilding.
Ad 'atrce entries will cost $15. All pttt‘tn':ipnnts must be
trtembers of tire United States ('ltcss Federation. Member-
ships are available at the tournament. For further infotinn»
tion. contact ’l'otti'natrtcttt Director ('nt‘l Adatncc nl
463-8138.

New day Comes to SUN YA

All yotr Long Islanders finally ltrtvc n cltttttcc to litt)‘ WI”
hometown paper. Nt'tttsrlrty, on campus.

According to student Ron Scliildkraut. who initiated the
DIOJCL‘I. SUNY-l'ollctt llookstorc began selling the pull“
two weeks ago “to give students an opportttttity to tend the
paper they're at lrotrtc with."

H" . . r . ' . v r

l‘llt. mtttktt ol students lrotn Long island is at large
0m. v be stud, “and this gives thcttr the opportttnity to keep
up wrth the Long Island news."
“TSCltlldktilttl said the idea was rm immediate success.
wo weeks ago. the bookstore started out with it do/cn
LODIOS and they sold out. in 15 minutes."

Since tltctr. he said the number of copies ordered ltns
’ .
gone up steadily. “We’ll order us many papers as it
students demand."

 

 

 

‘ a. xxxxx

 

 

 

 

 

 

March 18. 1980  -

 

Albany Student Press

Students; React Toi'SA Scandal

 

Feelings of Outrage, Sympathy

by Sylvia Saunders

Student reaction to the ASP'S re-
cent SA election cover-up story
ranged from outrage to sympathy.

“I think this has been going on '
long time." said sopltotrtore David
Stern. "And this is just the tip of
the iceberg. SA in a complementary
society, anyway. This doesn’t stir-
prise me — as I see it as ‘business as
usual'. It just goes to show that
there's no sense of responsibility or
accountability. Nobody's taking
this seriously.“

“The thing that really bothered
me." Stern continued. "was the
guy who said he'd do it all again.

Women‘s Safety Panel Discussion
Albany and SUN Y/l [ml/cc, (IL‘It’t‘lfl’L’.\‘ tit/dress issue.

He ltad no remorse at all. He pro-
bably doesn‘t even think he did
anything wrong."

Sophomore .10: Williams said he
was rtot surprised at the cover-up
either. “After the ﬁscal crisis last
year." ltc said. "I‘m not surprised
at all. It was kind of a preeursortot
his year's crisis. I’ve come to expect
it.“ '

Other students interviewed.
however. did not expect it.

"I felt surprised it could happen
iii our stttdcrit government.“ said
junior Roland Shah, “I've come to
expect it on a government level, bttt

  

(Photo: UI’S)

Panel Discussion Focus
On Women’s Safety

by Whitney Ulllllll

Who is the Pine Hills Touchcr'.’
The question is' not tttr ettsy otte.
Even police do not agree on his
identity.

Albany Police Lieutenant Detec-
tivc .lolttr Domino has referred to
the "l‘ottclrct‘" as n cotrtpositc
name for two or tlrr'cc people. (lit
the other hand. I'itte Hills Area In-
vestigutiott Detective Robert Kc-
nytm proposed at HUNT/\‘s
Women's Safety Panel Discussion
\k’etlncsdny. that the ” I'oucliet” is
one individual.

Discussing the rrrtnkctl increase
of sex crimes committed itt Albany
panelists. including Albany (‘otttrty
police officers and tlctectchs. noted
that 35 rapes and 22 “'l‘onchcr"
related incidents were reported lll
tltc Pirtc llills area since September.

According to Kenyon. 1er Pine
llills Tottclrcr case is currently
under extensive investigation,

Kenyon. ltuw said the
dcptit'trrtent was finding it difficttlt
correlating the facial description of
ll": “'l‘onclter" with his proposed
ct'itrrcs.

Kenyon dcsct'ilrt'd tltc nvctnyc
victim of the l‘onchei as :t lt)~yeru~

 

old college female who resides lll it_

first floor apartment. His main heat
is in the Pine llills “Strident (flu-t»
to“ itt downtown Albnrrv. urtitl Kc
ityon.

Domino. itr tin t‘illllt'l llllL'l\tt‘\\,
pointed out that two llllllltlt‘1‘- III
\‘olvctl irt tnpcw ll.t\i' lll‘l'll .tp
ptclicndctl downtown, llnnttno
llt'll\‘\i"» tltut ‘tw'o tlillt't llltll\ltlll.ll‘v
rttvolvctl itt downtown t’tintci. ntc
still in large.

()tlrei .spcukets ut the panel
tlisct ssetl rape illltl its effects on the
cotitrrntnity.

District Attorney Sol (ircenbctg
stressed the seriousness of tape us it
crime and cotttrncnded Albany for
providing rape victims with ade-

qtrutc justice. “Albany (‘ounty is a
county where if a rapist is corr-
victed. lie will get a maximum
sentence." Itc snid. (ireettbct'g ttrctr-
tioncd tltc importance of reporting
sexual critncs and pursuing the case.

Albany Police Lieutenant John
Dale spoke of rope il\ :t
"frightening ctinrc". llc noted the
importance ol kccpirrg residences
sccnte and inaccessible to ct‘irrtinnls
since tntttiv l'il]\L‘\ are often
associated with burglary.

According to SIINYA Public
Safety Director James Williams.
thct'c nppcrtls to be less c\idcnce of
danger on campus. In two and it
half ycttls. snid Williams. tltcrc Itavc
been no rapes rcportctl. i'lowcvct'.
there have been reported oc-
cttrarices of it tnrtlc forcibly entering
into it fctrtrtle's roorrr.

Albany Wotncn Against Rape. ti
group formed itr response to the
Piitc I'lills crisis. is dctcrirtincd to
stop violctrce against wotrrett.

ll think they lost themselves in
their owrt power." lie added.
“They‘re our representatives and
they're responsible for us. Now
'there’s a problem concerning trust.
We elected tltettt. Front now on. we
can’t tell what they'll do later with
issues that really matter."

Senior Patti Mitchell said. I'lt
disturbed tire to tltitrk the corrup-
tiott reached ottr student level. I'm
surprised Lisa didn't know what
was going on. bttt I guess it's possi-'
ble."

"Personally I think it's ridiculous
it didn't cotrte ottt until now." £1c~
cordirtg to John Lykins. “As a

Pittman Series

freshman, 1 just didn‘t expect it. If
we as as students can't run our
government. who can? We criticize
the government. but we can't even
run ourselves. I think this is just as
bad as any government cover-up."

Freshman Rhona Birnbaum
equaled the situation with
Watergate; “It's just like the thing
with Nixon. Even thought
Newmark would have won anyway.
Nixon would ltave won it anyway.
too. It‘s still illegal wltcther it‘s 15
votes or 2000 votes. After careful
investigation. tltose involved should
resign. I think they should feel real-
ly guilty." '

“I tltirtk it's pretty rotten." said
freshman Beth Hecox. “But only
the people directly invole should
be punished. I think the seven
should resign."

“There should be a ftrll investiga-
tion." according to jttrtior Steven
Rotlrttrntt. “to .see is otltcr things

Buses Were Few And

by Aron Smith

771i" i1 t/It‘firrl ofth Albany Stu.
detrt Press .\'(‘I'll'.\' t/r'lrir'ltg isn't/t llit‘
prob/urns t’llt'tltllllt’l‘t't/ by SUN YA
A'lm/(‘IIIA in il.\\IIt'ftl/ftlll lt'il/I the Pit-
Inmn Hull dormitory in Linn/mi-
l'f/It'. r/lt‘ ‘I'tlt'lllil'l' was closer] in
Ui't‘t'lllllt‘l'.

Grassy fields. Great football and
softball games. Close friendships.
Arid isolation . filth. ntttl van-
dalisnr '-

T is the way fornrer residents
of Pittrrratt ltall have described what
was until recently their ltoriie away
frotn ltotrte. The facility is located

 

. off Route 9 iii Loudottville. approx—

imately six miles front SUNYA's
ttptowtt campus. The dormitory. air
udjuccnt gymnasium. and 36 acres
of Iatrd comprise the campus of the
abandoned Saint Agnes School for
(iirls.

in the spring of l97ti.tlte vttcnttt
facility was considered for possible
lensc as it means of easing tltc stu—

 

 

dcrtl housing shortage which has
recurred each fall itr recent years.
The decision to lease the school pt o-
pcrty frotrr the Epicsopul Diocese of
Albany came one semester follow-
ing it University decision not to
renew a lease with the Country
Squire Motel. Following difficulties
ranging front intpropcr heating ntrd
insufficient room ftrrititttrc to it—
regular bus rttrts and disputes over
the liutrdlirrg of fire safety viola-
tions, only a hattdfttl of students
opted to return to tire motel for
another tei'ni. That facility is
located trtore than twice Pittman
Hall‘s distance frortt thc uptown
campus.

Seventy-five SUNYA students.
primarily new transfers. commenc-
ed occttpancy of Pittman Hall itr
August of 1978. Three semesters
later. the Saint Agnes campus was
dark and deserted once more.

According to fortner Pittmntrl lnll
Director Mike Welclr. less than i.<

   

 

I’Ittrnun Hall was the home of SUNYA students.

Trans/Murmur" Io tint/front mar/e living dijﬂcrt/I.

(Photo: Stunt Slurrtkrun/i)

Emergency Phones Installed

by Pitt lirttnley

Responding to requests for
l!lL'illCl stilety precautions.
critt-rt'cnt'). tilltttlx's were installed in
the twin and fine Arts Buildings.
th't‘ttltllll)‘ to Assistant Vice l’tC‘vlr
tit-tit for Finance _:trtd littsincss
lx'trlrctt \ticicr.

Httcrct turd the phones. requested
two \\t't'l’.‘r ngo ll_\ .‘\\\I‘tltllll l)ll'L't'
lt-l ol l’ublic Sittety Karl .‘itlnttl.
\vctt- instttllctl March (r.

Iht' two phones which were in-
staller! inc interior phones. llrc
(iyttt cntctgcncy phone is located
off the lobby llCill‘ the vending
machines, The ettter'gcncy pliotte iii
the Fine Arts building is located op-
posite the (‘ltrtii'ttntn‘s office itt it

lo 'ntion close to the studios ttscd ill

night. said Sclrttrl.

He said. H'i‘hc phones which were
installed rcqttirc no rtioncy. A cnllcr'
can dial tlitcct to ('ntnptts Security
to report it pioblcrn. lltc phones ttrc
labelled with tlrc ttcccssnty lltlttllltll-
tion to contact Sccutity.

Stictct stud. "The phones were
ittslrtllt'tl nt tltt: cmt of $50 each.
lltcy \vctc paid for through tlrt‘
llnitctsity Phone littiliict,”

Sclrnt‘l said. "i was inndc aware
of the need for ctrrcrgency phones
by nry wife. 11 graduate student.
who is in tire l‘IIIL' Arts Building
very late at night."

In udditiott.tt request for an
ctttcrgcttcy phone lit the Fine Arts
linilding was made by Fine Arts
Chairman. Richard Calincr.

Scliut'l said. “i wits also itrfot'tried
of the ticed for an emergency phone
in the (iytn by ('cnttal (‘ottitcil
Irrciitbct (int‘y Sclintsky.”

Scltntsky explained his request
was pr'oiitptcd lrv ttrt experience his
friends had at the (Win scwrttl
weeks ago."

Sclrntstty snid. " i no girl tttcntl»
of urine were walking Itcttr tltt- (iyrn
when n innit. hiding rtt lllt‘ bushes
followed tltcrtt. They run into the
Gym which was open. although it
was after 11 p.nt. All the offices tn
tltc (lytn were closed and the girls
llittl to use a pay pltorrc to cull
security. Luckily. they had money
with them." '

Tire phones requested by Sclutrl

continued on [Inge/ire

are being covered up.”

“I was shocked." said
sophomore Erik Effros. “I thoughf
SA had more integrity than tha. if
nothing is done now. it'll cause
more harm than good. The people
involved in the cover-up should
hand _in' resignation and . formal
apologies to Lisa and the students. "

Other students ltad sympathy for
President Lisa Newmark. “The
story was too emotional.“ said
junior Linda Steinberg. "I think
Lisa should come out with her side
of the story."

Sophomore Mark Laroeca said.
"I don't think anything should be
done. They really didn't lturt
anybody. They just tried to hold up
the SA name. The person responsi-
ble. graduated. anyway. They
should have dotte a better job
covering it up."

One student. who just began at-

continued on page five

Unreliable

students indicated preferences for
remaining at the facility through the
spring of 1980. Isolation. urt-
sanitary conditions. luck of repairs
and maintenance. and the dot-
tttitoty‘s alcohol policy were the
primary reasons cited by students
lor lcating Pittman llull.
Isolation: Pro and Con

While many former residents of
Pitttrrun llnll ftrttrrtl the isolation of
the site attractive. there were others
for wltotrt inadequacies in‘ the bus
lirrk to tltc ttptowtt campus far
outweighed arty pastoral advan-
tages offered. 'l‘ransportatiott dif-
ficulties have been cited by SUNYA
Director of Residences .lolttr Welty
us the reason for closing Pittman
Hull.

"It was great." said senior Nick
Visbeck oftlte facility. “We'd walk
ottt the hack atrd ltit a few balls. sit
on the grass. It was a beautiful
place."

“I know people who hated it tltc
first few weeks." said sophomore
Peggy Price. "It was almost like
crimping. So who cttrcs if you fnilcd
otrt of school?“

“it was nlrnost like you weren‘t
living iir n tlortrtitory." said
sophomore Lon Pclnso. “The ttl~
tnospltcrc was rcttlly nice. lint the
buses were a problcnr because of the
gaps between the runs. lf yotr mix-.-
cd your bus. you missed your class.
You couldn’t cottnt on getting the
next hits like yott cnrt here [on
Alttttttri Quadl."

"You just had ttr live by tltc

schedule.” said former .Pitttnait

llall resident Raymond Remy.

The Pittman bus runs were divid-
cd betwecrt SUNYA mini-buses
(daytime) and state—owned vans
(evenings arid weekends). Accor-
ding to Welch. one-quarter of these
runs were driven by students. “It
was it matter of scheduling and
making sure that everyone would
show tip for lllc runs.“ he said.
"lltrl'ot'tttnutely. some of the
students - vitt a test of having to go
home  wouldn‘t show up. At
times. people were stt'ttntlcd rtt the
Circle. The Motor Pool was always
on schedule. It was the vrtn parts of
it which were student-tun.“

\\'eeketttl \‘nn Runs liven Worse

\\'hile most students found the
one-hour gaps between wcckdny
llllt tolerable. neckctttl gaps of tip
to two hours were the subject or
repeated coirrplnitrts.

"(hi the weekends yotr were vir-
tn:tlly .stt'uttdcd there if you didn’t
have n cur." suid Rcrtry. ”There
were so few buses."

“Yuri know that the 4:10 arid the
5:25 dinner runs on weekends are

continued on page eleven

 

 

 

 

