re: naemw

 .1wa2.

5:
55
r.
Isl
‘l‘
4..

 

u-r":~ »l

W
Would'CApsu [as

W

Carter Considers [neentives

WASHINGTON (AP) The Carter administration would
consider providing tax incentives as rewards for holding
down wages and prices. but only after the federal budget is
balanced. the president's chief inﬂation-ﬁghter said today.
Alfred E. Kuhn. chairman of the president's Council on
Wage and Price Stability, also predicted the Consumer
Price Index, which has been climbing at an 18 percent an-
nual rate. will drop to around 10 percent by the end of the
year. Kuhn and the council director, Robert Russell. ap-
peared before the Banking Committee seeking support for
their request for a bigger budget and larger staff that would
allow the council to expand its price and wage monitoring
activities.

Killer Seeks Veterans’ Benefits

WASHINGTON (AP) David R. Bcrkowitz, the confessed
“Son of Sam" killer in New York. is seeking vcterans'
beneﬁts while serving a 315-year prison sentence. Veterans
Administration spokesman Strat Applcman said
Berkowitz' attorneys argued his case at a hearing last week
before an appeals board in Washington, brtt no decision
has been reached. VA ofﬁcials said a ruling could take up
to four months. Appleman refused to elaborate on what
brneﬁts Berkowitz. 27. is seeking. “it could be compensa-
tion or pension." he said. However. Melody Warner. :1
staff assistant to the director of the VA Compensation and
Pension Service. told the li’axhing/on Post that Bcrkowitz
could receive more than 510.000 a year in tax-fret- benefits
if his psychiatric problems are trrtccd to his three ycttrs in
the Army in the early 19705.

Agnew Claims Death Threat

BALTIMORE (AP) Former Vice President Spiro Agnew
says he resigned the nation's Number Two job more than
six years ago because he feared for his life ftorn at top aide
to then-President Richard Nikon. His story. however. has
been labeled “preposterous” by a spokesman for (icncrrtl
Alexander Haig. who allegedly made the veiled dcuth
threat. According to a copyright article by The Writers
Bloc. a group of free-lance writers based itt New York.
Agnew makes that contention in his new book. “Go Quiet-
ly.. Or Else." The story was published by the Sunday
Baltimore News American. Haig. who is recovering from
open-heart surgery in Florida. laughed when told of
Agncw‘s claims. according to Francis L. Murphy. 3

 

r Shnk Celebration

Happy independence Day!

This was heard around SUNYA's campus yesterday as
more than 200 people celebrated the 32nd birthday of an in-
dependent lsrael.

The podium was a marketplace of lsrncli hooks. batik
drawings and art work. cvhihits and frcc bccr frortt 10
a.m.-3 p.m.

Israeli dancing highlighted the event as pttrttctpnnts tn thc
SHUK festh‘ai gathered in song.

Also featured was a painting of a giant pictutc of
Jerusalem. Passers-by were tmitcd to “paint ill a mosque
or the Wailing Wall."

Ragtime Comes to SUNYA

Ragtime comes alive again today on SUNYA's podium.
The early ZOth century sound will be brought back at ttoon
in a series of ragtime piano pieces. Featured artists will be
renowned SUNYA music teacher and performer Findlay
Cockrcll. John Ccrniglia. and 11—year-old Mall Her-
skewitz.

Herskowitz, a keyboard student of Cockrcll‘s. has
already won acclamation for his recent nppcarancc 111
Telethon '80.

SUN YA Employees En ioy

Join The Fest!

All interested SUNYA employees (CSFA members) are
invited to SUNYA's annual employees picnic. Friday June
13.

For a fee of $11.00 per adult. $8.00 for children 5-12
years old, and children under 5 free. participants can enjoy

the tennis. basketball. baseball. horseshoe. bocci. shuf»
beboard. and soileybail facilities at Tironi's Picnic Area.

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

W

may.“ ,.. .

spokesman at United Technologies Corp. in Hartford,
Conn. Haig became president of the corportation alter a
stint as commander ‘of NATO forces. It “was so
preposterous he wouldn't comment on it." Murphy said.

House to Vote on Defense

WASHINGTON (AP) House conservatives are making a
strong bid to boost defense spending in the 1981 budget by
$5.1 billion by cutting an equal amount from already
beleaguered domestic programs. The amendment to shift
the money is sponsored by Reps. Marjorie S. Holt. R-Md..
and Phil Gramm. D-Tcxas. it will be considered when the
House begins debate Wednesday on a proposed balanced
budget for ﬁscal 1981, which starts October 1. Mrs. Holt
and Gramm claim that 140 members of the House — or
nearly one-third of the mcmbersltip —— have endorsed their
proposal. if approved. the change would put defense spen-
ding at $153 billion. $2.5 billion higher than the $150.5
billion President Carter has asked. The House Budget
Committee is proposing $147.9 billion for defense.

Mother Visits Hostage Son

MILWAUKEE (AP) Barbara Timm said Monday that a‘
45-minute visit with her hostage son in iran showed her he
is in excellent health and is becoming a stronger person as
the days of captivity continue. “There was a lot of hugg-
ing, a lot of touching. There were no tears." she said at a
news conference held in Tehran. Mrs.Timm. from Oak
Creek. Wis.. became the first relative allowed to visit one of
the hostages held at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran. Mrs.
Timm. mother of Marine Sgt. Kevin Herrncning. and her
husband. Kcnncth Timm. the ltostttgc‘s stepfather. had at-
rived in Tehran Saturday.

Ambassador Visits USSR

MOSCOW (AP) A new Chinese ambassador. Yang Sitti-
Zheng. arrived in Moscow Sunday. ending an eleven month
absence of a Chinese ambassador to the Soviet Union.
Citincsc sources downplayed the diplomatic signiﬁcance of
Yang's arrival. which comes during a continuing Soviet-
Chincsc propaganda war and nine days after the expiration
of a thirty year Treaty of Peace and Friendship between the
hostile communist powers. The last Chincsc ambassador to
Moscow, Wang Yu-ping, ended his assignment here last
May. The Soviet Union still has an ambassador in Peking.
llya S. Scltcllerbakov. Wang Yu-ping hcadcd a special
Chinese delegation that traveled to Moscow this winter for
talks on “nnrmrtliwinu” relations.

Begin Suggests Military Force

WASHINGTON (AP) isracli Prime Minister Menachcm
Begin says the United States is ottt of rttngc for reacting to a
crisis and should station military forces in the Middle East
and "in every region where there is a possibility of Soviet
expansionism." in an interview taped before he left
Washington last Friday. the lsraeli leader said. “if you
want facilities ilt our country. we shall ptll them at yottr

Darcliuc: Apnil 21, 1980
W
J

 

 

(SPA. thc cmployccs urtiott. has ztgrccd to contribute
$4.00 toward the ticket price for catch ttctivc clttssiﬁcd
member.

i-‘cutnrcd itt lhc menu will bc bttrbcqncd ribs. srtnsttgc ttnd
pcppcrs. hurnbtrrgcrs. corn on thc cob. chicken. and stctlk.
i’i'dl'lilcti ttclisitcs include n litc band. dttncing atnd at (long
Show featuring talent from the Unitcrsily community.

Free SUNYA bus scrvicc will be protitlcd to I‘itoui‘s l’ic-
nic (irotc itt “'tttcrl'ord. Ne“ York.

Deaf Alt‘arelwss Wool:

SUNYA is ot't'cring tin opportunity for lltc hcttring public
to become more acquainted with the problems facing the
deaf community. During the week of Mull 23:25 displays
in the crtmpus ccntcr \Hii feature litcrttturc on sign language
classes at SUNYA, interprctntion for the deaf turd prun-
pltlcts on dcttt‘ncss.

On Friday. April 25. activities ill the campus ccrncr'
ballroom will rucludc movics and litt‘lllrictll pcrt‘orrutntces.
Art introductory lesson on bttsic finger spelling (one of the
communication techniques used in sign language) will rtlso
be given.

Deaf Awareness Week is only for n .s'ltort ltllct\‘ili of time
but it is in step towards serving the deaf hcrc nt SUNYA
more adequately.

 

.ylr

disposal. 1 would recommend it to the Israeli government."
The interview was broadcast Sunday on ABC’s “issues and
Answers." “You know. you should see the map"’ Begin
said. "Now. the Soviet Union is in Afghanistan. and
through Baluchistan. they can reach the Indian Ocean iii no
time, and there is no force to stop them. lran itself could
become a communist state with the Tudeh Party. the best
organized group . . . waiting."

Carey Seeks Federal Aid

WASHINGTON (AP) Governor Hugh Carey said Monday
that if New York City received what he considered a “fair
share" of federal transportation aid. it would be able to
maintain its current transit fare. “1f the New York
metropolitan area had received federal aid sufficient to
cover only ﬁfteen percent of it's operating expenses _ 0,
one-half the amount the rest of the country receives ~ irr-
stend of the present ten percent level. we would have suffi-
cicnt revenue to pay for the estimated cost of thc tt-ntrrrlru
labor settlement," Carey told the House Public Works
Committee.

Yemen President Resigns

ADEN. South Yemen (AP) President Abdul Fattrrlr istnltil
of Marxist South Yemen resigned today for health reasons
and was replaced by Prime Minister Ali Nasscr .‘slrrhrrrunr
ed. the ofﬁcial Aden news agency reported. ilrrr sources
in Cairo. who follow Yemeni affairs closely. said lsrrrrnl's
resignation was the result of a power struggle \\llil.\lt>il11111-
med. and that although Ismail had tuberculosis. rt drtl not
interfere with his duties. The Aden news agcrrty \rrltl
Mohammcd was elected by the central commitlcc or llrc rul-
ing Yemeni Socialist Party to replace ismrtil as chairman ol
the prcsidium of the Supreme People‘s (‘onncrl and pull)
secretary-general.

Khomeini Kidnap Propoer

CUTHBERT. (in. (AP) Senator Herman thlnttldgc prov
posed Sunday that the United States kidnap thc spilllllt’ti
leader of the iranian revolution and hold hiln ttlttrl tltc llll)
American hostages held at the U.S. Embassy irt 'l'clrrrrn rut-
frccd. “1 would be in favor of trying to get some people nt-
to iron and brirtg thc Ayatollah Khomeini out." [ilc
Georgia Democrat said. "Then we would get sornc ticliull."
“i know one thing — if the Russians or the lsrttclis lr.rtl
some of their citizens in captivity. they would gct lltcm on
in a hurry." Taimadgc told The Columbus Entrtnrcr ltclorc
dedicating an industrial park.

 

r W

Cast Your Ballot

On April 28. 29. and 30. students vorc in :t rclctctldtlllt
whether to install cable T.V. in the dorms. The proposed
plan is for cable T.V. to be wired into the T.\‘. .sL‘ls in thc
lounges. Lounges that currently do not have sets \till he lrn-
nishcd with T.V.‘s.

The cost of having cable T.V. on campus will bt- 84.10
per semester per student. Only on»campus students will run
for the service. This is not an addition to rhc Srrrtlt-nt
Association Activity Fee. It will be an atlditronttl icc. .trtr
plicablc only to the residence students. which will be .ttltlcd
on to the University bill.

Cable T.V. consists ofttbout tucnty-si\ chrtnncls rh.rr .liL'
tttkcn front other stations within a 150 mtlc rttdrns or
Albany. Among the stations included .trc \VNl “7
T\’.\\’0R. :tnd WPlX frottt NYC. as \th1 its chttnncls llrtllt
Boston and Worcester. Mass. in addition. there is ;rrt .tc-
ccss or blank channel that may be used for locally tttotlllst'tl
programming. Hortte Boy Office (HBO) is scl)lll’.tlt‘ trout
L‘nblc T.V. and is not included in the plan.

The rcfcrcndttm will read:

"Should it $4.00 pct scmcstcr nntndntory lcc lrc Icarctl in
residence students to provide cable T.\'. irt c.rch it‘\ltiL'ilct'
hall lounge?"

Only those students who will be litlng on camprrx :rcu
ycrtr may \Olc.

W111}

AROUNd CAMpus
Wm

Graduation Gowns ln

-‘\".\'onc w ho ordcrcd caps and gon us from rhc twill 4“”
prior to Mrtrch 28 c.rn pick rhcm up mm, .rccortlrnv to A
SUNY-iiollctt spokesman.

“We hopc etcryone will pick them tip rts ~
ble." he said. "bcclttlsc this is only the tn-vt 1‘
orders." ilc said the gowns are [or bachelor‘s. III-M

m.” ll., Irossl-
.rrt‘h Hi
.rr'c .tltll

 

 

doctortttc's dcgrcc candidates.
_ ,__.../

 

April 22, 1980

Albany Student Press

 

Students Debate U.S. Draft Issue

Supporters, Opponents Speak ‘

by Whitney Gould

Most eighteen to twenty year olds
would prefer not to think about
a draft. but in light of President
Carter's proposal to institute
registration. today‘s college
students are faced with this
possibility. La'st Wednesday. four
students participated in a draft
debate sponsored by the SUNYA
Peace Project. ‘

According to draft supporter
Louis Kokcrnak, "the United
States has fallen behind tltc Soviet
Union in terms of military commit-
ment over the past years. Economic
incentives have ttot encouraged peo-
plc to join the army. The quality of
recruits since the end of the draft

Four ‘ ' ‘ dehutcr' ' '

has declined." Kokcrnak also men-
tioned tlte symbolic value of a draft
as a sign to other countries that the
U.S. is willing to defend itself.

Draft opponent Jackey Gold
argued. “When you are drafted in-
to the military. your freedom of
choice evaporates. You no longer
have the right to say: “This war is
unfair or unjust and i don't want to
kill or be killed in it."

Both sides agreed that rt draft
would upgrade the quality of
rccrtrits. Pro—draft debaters stated
that the average intelligence of
recruits has declined over the years
while tltc number of dishonorable
discharges issued by the military has
increased.

 

of draft n 5’ ‘

Hot/l sir/L's agreed flltll a draft would upgrade the quality of recruits.

While a draft is not currently
pending. registration legislation is
being considered by the House of
Representatives. Calling the draft a
"movement of war." debator Tom
Trabka said. “Registration has
always been followed by a draft.
The most time registration will save
in preparing an army is seven dttys.
Carter is grossly overrcacting."

Tire status of women being forc-
ed to register is uncertain. Accor-
ding to Kokcrttnk, “The House
probably will ttot approve register-
ing wotncn. but registration lcgisltt-
tion for men cottld pass as early its
August. However. this cottld be
challenged ill the Supreme Court as
sex disctiluiruttion.

 

(PIro/o: li'ill Yunnan)

 

    

hy Hy lvitt Silttntlcrs’

 

March Of Dimes Raes-
$56,000.01. Walkathon

()vcr 2.000 \vltlkcr‘s rttiscd $56,000 for tile March of Dimes ill the
Super \\'rtlk ‘80 on Sunday. according to Andrew Pun/er. (‘ollcgc
(‘oortlintrtor for thc ('ttpittti Area chapter.

l’ttn/ct‘ stud this ycttr's walk “was very successful" and reported
no utilon \lllt‘ty problems rtlong the 25-kiiornctcr \vltlk. ilc szlitl most
\\ltlkcrs \\L'1‘L‘ high schoolcrs‘ bttt many were collcgc students.

The wrtlkrtthon begun at 8:30 :t.m. at the State Office liniltlittg
t‘lunpus No. .1. The trail proceeded through Alhttny into the town of
licthlcltctn. irtlo llclmzu‘ tutti buck irtto Albany.

i'trtl/cr srtitl thcrc wtts it free putty nnd cntcrtttinrtlcnt nflcr the walk
at lilL' Slrttc Office Campus. lintcrtlliltmcnl ittclttdcd various clowns.

Snoopy the Dog. and tire band. Zeppo. All walkers rcccivctl items
untitled by rtrctt rncrchtutts. I

 

(Photo: Dave Asher) )

A Former SUNYA Prof. Wins False Arrest Case

by Adele (irullu

Forttter SUNYA Hispanic and
itttlinn Studies professor Dr. C. At-
tltttr Bl’tlkci was awarded $121000
ill tlatttttges for l‘nlsc tlrrcst. on April
15. I980. on charges of disorderly
corttlttct ttftcr he allegedly cursed at
rut Amtrak ticket agent. as reported
by the A [bully T imes- Union.

Tire incident in question occurred
at the chsselttcr train station on
April 6. 1977 when BrtlkL‘i arrived
by bike froru his home on Western
Avenue. ﬁve minutes before his
train to Toledo was scheduled to
depart.

According to Brztkcl’s attorney
John K. i’owcrs, Ilrttkcl was told he
could trot check his bike on tile
train hccnnsc it was" not at least one
lullf ltn ltotlr before train dcpttrturc.
lie was told instead to take the bike
otlt to the platform ttntl ask the bug—
gngc checker to put it on. sand
Powers.

Amtrak Security Officer Rttlph
'l‘ttshjittnt testified ill the State
Supreme Court that llt'ukcl headed
for the platform. tnrnctl rtronntl
nutl cursed ottt the ticket rtgcnt.

l'iowcvcr. Powers CitlilllS ilrrtkcl
did ttot use ttny curse words.

Occupancy Increased In
28 Indian Quad. Suites

by Itcth Setter

The Residence Office has ittcrcas‘
cd 28 six-person suites on Indian
Qttud to seven-person suites for tile
coming fttll semester. said
Residence Director John Wcity, “to
rtccontodttte tut overflow that we
.stttrt orrt with at tile beginning. of
tire fttll semester."

Ustlrtlly. snid Welly, Rcsidcttcc
rcscr'vcs scvcrttl rooms on ctlch qtutd
for incoming frcshmttn zutd transfer
students. This rtlcttns tltttt l'cwcr
rooms ttrc ol'l‘crcd tinting hottsillg
sign-up for continuing students. he
sltiti.

However. this ycltl. sttitl Wel—
ty.“instc:ttl of holding out suites."
Rcsitlcncc will ttllow students who
might not othcrtvisc get to livc on
illtiitll) ()und bcctnrsc of their low
priorities the opportunity to sign up
for seven person suttcs.

"i’r'obttbly. it'll be new ycrtr's
sophomores who might wttrtl to
choose tlntt option." sltitl Wclty.
snitl lltcrc will he at “slight rate
reduction" for the students ill the
triple occnpttncy bedroom. ltntl the

cntirc snitc as well.

Welty cxplttincd tltltt cttch of the
five quads can have u untximum of
30 rooms that Itottsc three room-
mtrtcs instead of two.

Since from 40 to ()0 suites on

 

.. .
ilcsltlcncc Director John Wclly.
"Slight rim" I'orlrtt'tirul " it possible.
(Photo: UPS)
Strut: and Coloniltl Quads nrc
rtlwrtys left ttnchoscu rtl‘tcr housing
sign-up is over. those sprtccs are us»
(‘Ul1flllllt‘fl on pflllt’fl'l't“

When he ttrrivctl tlt llte platform
ltc was asked to step ittto a buck
roottr. snid Powers. ilrttkcl refused
because he wrinch to get his bike otl
bottrd lltc Il'ttin. ()l‘ficcr Tttshjitun
upprortchcd lil‘llkci. showed Itiltl rt
badge. and ordered hint to step ittto
u back room where ilc wars rtrrcslcd.

lirttkcl \vtts l'riskctl. handcuffed
illlti tltkcn down to the Renss‘clttcr
police sltrtion where he wtts hooked
ttnd later released on bail.

Suprcntc (‘ourt .ittslicc i-‘rttncis
Vogt rulctl that tile discrepancy itt
trirtl testimonies wits illlllltllcl'itli
since \\'il:llCVL‘l' \vtts s'ttitl \vlls ltot

grounds for tile cltttrgc. The
tlmounl to be awarded to ﬂrtlkel
was decided by tile jury.

The court awarded ilrakcl
5575.000 irt compensatory damages
and 5.50.000 itl pttnilivc chttrgcs.

ilrrtkcl, 37. is rtow [catching til the
University of Michigan).

Socialist Addresses Sparce Crowd

 

Women’s Liberation Movement Discussed

hy licllt ('ttntnntrittn

Strcssing thztt “women were not
ttltvttys stlpptcssctl."
Ntttiorntl Sccrctttr'y of tire Young
Socialist Alliance Kttrlt
()hrztdovic spoke to it spttrsc rather-
ing of eleven Wednesday night lit
the i'illlllilllilics littilding about
socialism illld the women's libcrn-
tiott tnovcrncnt.

Quoting politicttl llleorist
Frederic Engels. ()hrttdovic sketch-
ed women’s historical role itt socie-
ty. “For a million ycrtrs or so.
woructt played nn cgnlitttrittn roic itt
society." she satid. “There was no
conceptions of doruintttion over
sexes. us [here wits no conception of
domination over the working class.
Women crctttctl society. They were
it‘s main movers and slutpcrs. They
didn't suhjngtttc women or men;
witctt tncn begun to come into
power, they did. ()lu'ttdovic chl on
to cvplttin how males crime to
dominate society.

“Mult- domination tutti power
:tr'osc over their monopoly of pro-
perty ownership ttnd the develop-
ment of plttrinrchltl inltcritltttcc.
Willi the rise of private property.
monogamous tttttrrittgc,. and
families. wotnctt were separated
and therefore lost power. They
were isolated itt homes. kitchens,
tntd nurseries.

    

“'l‘ltc cut'c ol' the young or the
\vcttk is at responsibility of (III socic-
ly. A good cvttmplc of this is
('uhn.“

She went on to describe (‘ubtt tts
tltc “idcnl society" ttntl ttsscrtcd
tltttl “ltccrtttsc the government
orgtntircs' it‘s economic resources.
no one stttrves ill Cuba." “There’s
no more of the cllild beatings. the
rtrpc. and the prostitution because
of the revolution. which women
helped lead. she tttldcd." '

in capitalist countries. ()hrttdovic
feels this does not exist. “Women irt

Q . ‘

Soclnllst Kttril Obmdnvlc.
Discusses Woman‘s Liberation Movement.

:tny Cilpilltlisl country. however.
have it long way to go." She ex-
plttincd than “the ERA's' VitillL‘ is its
a lcgnl tool to figltt against the op-
pression of women."

l’alricitt Mttybcrry. campaigning
rts tltc socialist \vorkcr's cllndidrttc
against Stun Strttlton itt this year‘s
Congressional race. was also at the
discussion. Site agreed with
Obrndovic. adding that “the
Democrats and Republicans have
bad fifty years to ratify the ERA
atrd ltnvc not done it and will rtot do
it_..

(Photo: UPS)

