1'3 ext—m; ,1,

an. -.- a" ;«

. .A_ . wavy.“ in -53”:

 

 
   

 

 

it
t
I

 

 

wontdE4‘EttiséJté;

 

Iranian. Student ion ﬁial "H

 

DENVER (AP) In a case that stems from a wave of anti-
lranian feeling I3 months ago..a jury is being asked to
decide whether an Iranian student who shot and killed a
teen-ageracted in desperate defense of his home or in
reckless disregard for life. Public interest in the case re-
mains high in Colorado where, as in much of the
American West, the use ofa gun to defend one's home
long has been considered an intrinsic right. The shooting
occurred Nov. II. I979. at the height of anti-Iranian
sentiment following the seizure of the U.S. Embassy in
Tehran a week earlier. The case took more than a year to
reach trial this week in Denver District Court because of
a defense attorney's scheduling conflicts. Afsltin
Shariati. 2]. who is married to an American. is on trial
for second-degree murder in the death of Paul Morit-
zky. I5. of Denver. Shariati also is being tried on two
counts of ﬁrst-degree assault and two counts of attemp-
ted murder in the wounding of Michael Lopez. I7. and
Steve Roane. IS. The. boys allegedly were among a
group of tcen-agers who police say armed themselves
with baseball bats and ax handles and left a high school
party to seek revenge against Iranians for the embassy
seizure. Lopet said in court that he and the two other
teen-tigers were looking for lrttnians to "hassle."

 

Police Protect Chapman

NEW YORK (AP) Mark David Chapman.accuscd of
killing cx-Bcatle John Lennon. was brotrght to court in a
bullet-proof \cst today so his attorney — who reported-
ly has received death threats —— could ask to be taken off
the case. Two Bcatlc fans. meanwhile. apparently
dcspondcnt over the slaying. took their own lives. while
Lennon's widow. Yoko Ono. called for a Iotminute
silent vigil to honor the memory of tire rock star.
Herbert Adlerberg. appointed by the court Tuesday to
represent Chapman. asked to withdraw from the case
because he said it was puttittg pressure on his other law
practice. “This case is becoming an albatross to me."

 

Adlerberg told the judge. Outside of the Manhattan
Criminal Court hOWever. two fellow lawyers. who asked
not to be identified. said Adlcrberg told them he had
received death threats as a result of his assignment to the
case. Security was again heavy as Chapman was
delivered to the courthouse wearing a bullet-proof vest.
Eleven court ofﬁcers ringed the courtroom and four cor—
rection ofﬁcers stood nearby. along with two dctcclivcs
front the district attorney's squad. In the court. Judge
Rena Uviller said she would take the matter urtder ad-
visement and decide next Monday on Adlerberg's re-
quest. Chapman appeared impassive during the brief
proceeding. His hands were at his side; he occasionally
shifted his weight from foot to foot. In her ﬁrst inter-
view since the slaying. Miss Ono said Wednesday. “This
is not a time for hate or disillusionment." “The future is
still ours to make.” Miss Ono said in an interview with
the Los Angelcs Titties in the couple's apartment in New
York. wlterc she has been in seclusion. "The ‘80s will
blossom if only people accept peace and love in their
hearts." she said. “It would just add to the tragedy if
people turned away from the message in John's music.
She also said she hoped people wouldn't blame New
York City for her husband's murder.

Carter Signs Clean-up Bill

WASHINGTON (AP) President Carter today ended a
long legislative battle by signing into law a SL6 billion
environmental superfund bill that begins a federal drive
to clean up toxic waste dumps and chemical spills.
Carter. who had called members of Congress personally
to lobby for passage of the bill. called it “landmark in
its scopc and itt its impact on prcscning the environmen-
tal quality of tqu country.” He said it will go a long way
toward cleaning up dangerous dumps of tovic wastc
such as the Love Canal site in New York sttuc. 'l’hc bill
authori/cs tltc government to rccoscr the costs of cor-
rcctivc action frotn companies rcsponsiblc for dumps
and spills. About SI .3 billion total will cotnc frotn excise
tavcs on tile chcnucnl industry. The rcst will cotnc froth
general tas rcvcnucs. The money will b' acctttttttlatcd
over fitc years.

Con Ed Fined $21.0W

WASHINGTON (AP) I-‘cdctnl investigators recom-
mended Thursday that Consolidated Edison be fined
SZI0.000 for ttllcgcd violations connected with a recent
lcak at its Ittdian l’oint nuclear reactor. "The results of

 

 

 

 

 

our lnvtstlgatton, which include identification or .-
tions which directly contributed to the Iloodint “all
show that the management control system utblmcrm'
Point was not functioning in an ace ablc III'Inndlﬂtn.
Nuclear Regulatory Commission officials said in" it"
to Con Edison. The violations alleged by Ihc Nlttl‘ “I”
slow response in correcting the situation and a [lite-“ti”
delay in reporting the incident to Ihc NR(‘. Their all
pany has 25 days to respond before tltc l'ull Ctllllltliuim‘
makes a final decision on the proposed disciplinary?“
tion. On Oct. I7. more than 100,000 galtotn ol llllilav
River water flooded into the building containint“;n
reactor. threatening possible damage to tlIc t'uctliitl‘c
well as creating potentially unsafe condition». rt..- {his
tor has been out of service since lltc incident and W
pcctcd to remain closed for at least sum
repairs and tnodifications.

Reagan Appoints Cabinet

WASHINGTON (AP) President-elect Rotttltl Rum.”
today tapped Wall Street financier Donald I. Ronni...
his treasury secretary and filled lbrcc otltci I‘ll (jinn...
level jobs with close advisors. Casput \\, “chum...
William French Smith and William ,I. ( .mt In .t log”.
with recent tradition. Reagan stayed II\‘-.I\ IIHIII out
nottttcctnent of his first cigln Cabinet sclctttnn. gunk.”
ttnfillcd was the most senior Cabinet pmt. »t-ttct.ttt tt|
state. for which retired (icn. Alcvttndct \l lltllt." It,
reportedly was still tltc lending contcndct. \lrtnltot-t-t.
who served as Reagan's finance tlirccttn III I hunt”... I:
years ago and held a Cabinet post under turtttct I‘tt»...
dent Richard M. Nivott. was numch t.ttt.ttt of
defense. Stnitlt. a w 'althy l.os Angclc- l.l‘.‘.».’f with...
clients include the prcsidcnt-clcct. was tho t'll lttt .II-
totney gcncral. Casey. Reagan's L'tllllpdictt |ll.tll.lt’tf .tttt
chairman of the transition operation. \\.t~ witch-t! lttl‘:
director of the Central Intelligence r\ccut‘. Roan,
chairman of Merrill Lynch & ('o.. the nattun'. Ian-tut
brokerage firm. reportedly was the lt‘tsI oi the L‘lt'lll
nominees to be chosen. with that Llc't'lslltll .omttrc tllll\
chncsdny. according to sources cloxc to flu It.t|l~l|lttll
Utltcr Cabinet-level nominees announced Itttl.t\ not»
Budget director. Rep. David A. Stockntnn tithhdtt;
secretary of health and human scHit'cs. tt'lltlllt’ Ht‘lt.
Richard S. Schwcikcr (R~Pa.); sccrctaty of tottttnctcr.
Connecticut industrialist Malcolm littltlttcc; .tttd
scctclary of transportation. Pennsyltnttia l‘tlslllt'wllltlll
and deputy Republican National Chaittnan Int-u lt-ttn,

 

 

'tliI\L'\-
(ll Itlollllh It]

 

 

 

l WCDB Sponsors Party

WCDB and the lslulla-Baloo Music clttb in chnsclacr
will co-sponsor their first dance party on Saturday. Dec.
20 featuring The Vapors. said WCI)B music director
Russ Ricgcr.

According to Reigcr. Thc Vapors are “real big all
over the country" with tltcir hit single. "Turning
Japanese." The English hand is on its first tottr and
Albany is their second stop.

The party will include music before and after The
Vapors provided by WCI)II's disc jockeys. Ricgcr said
there will be dancing all night long and a performance
by The Vapors for only 33.

Only 600 tickets will be sold for the party. Tickets will
be on sale Monday through Friday in the Campus
Center but will be asailablc thtough 9l-FM mcr the
weekend. .

There will probably be somc bttscs scheduled to tttkc
people to thc llulla-llnloo.

Special Holiday Plea

An open letter addressed to the University Communi-
ty:

"You have all read about and section TV the devasta-
tion created in southern Italy by Iltc rcccnt earthquakc.
Tlterc is ttotlting I can add to the descriptions. I tun
writing. however. to ask for your financial support to
rclicvc some of thc immcditttc tniscrics of thousands of
dcstituc survivors. Shelter. clothing. food. and medical
supplies are required now to sustain these people before
tltcn can attempt the massive cl‘l‘ort needed to tcbttild
the region."

“Americans responded generously with money when
the art of Florence was threatened sotnc years ago. We
certainly cannot do any less now when people‘s livcs are
at stake."

“Before leaving the campus for the holiday season.
please write your tax-deductible cltcck. large or small.
payable to: Ila/inn Disaster Relief Fruit] and send it to
me (Humanities 24l) or mail it directly to:

Sorts of Italy
IOO State Street
Albany. New York I2207

“If you send the check downtown. please note that
you are with the University. I do want to assure you that
all monies collected will be sent to Italy; none of it is be-
ing retained for administrative costs.’

“Thank you in advance for your support.
Augustine Zitclll
Chair. SUN YA Italian Relief Fund"

 

 

Campus Bniefs

 

Season ’3 Greetings

 

t“
/ \fa

“()h the tttncs. thcy tuc (I'LIIiIILL‘llIH uarhlctl old
gravel gnllct hack itt the si\lit:\. .tttd u still holds Itttc to-
day. let‘s face it. Mr. Tamboutinc Matt didn't go out
on II littth ultcn he penned that duty. lhtt the lllllt:\ Itatc
clrttngcd. and so has tltc .rlSI’. and so has Ihc \c.tt. and
so has the quality of this papct III not .I fcu slitut lines.

Illll no matter. The nil/tony .S'Itn/t'tt/ l’rt-u tcltottndcd
ttom \stttsc than this. and will do u again. .lttst unit Illl
nc\t ycttt. The Will model of the good ole .‘ISI’ I\ in the
\III\\\:t\tttlI. itt higlt gcat read) to roll out. thitc hotuc its
Iltcsstlgt'. brcttk all Ihc rules. and \lLL‘l clear of t'tlllllhlllt!
tnclaphot. ‘

\layhc (ioctltc said it best. lint | lurch \\hctc. ('ltcck
/IIH\I and get back to toe. Dial xIrS-I’ and ttsk for any ot
all of these pcople. And for gosh sttkc. hate .1 \cty littp-
py holiday. ("on yott say that’.l I

I. Rich lit-bar 2. Debbie Kopf .l. Sylvia Saunders 4.
Ron Levy 5. Rob I). (irubmun (r. Hayden ('urrnlh 7.
Dean [It-tr ll. Ilob Bellallore 0. Janet [Ireifttss Ill. Rob
I'Ztlt-Isteln ll. Steven A. (.‘rt-t-nbt-rg I2. lleth Sen-r l'l
Ilennlc Brown I4. Mitchell A. (ireehel I5. I-Id l’lnkit.
to. Marc Haspel I7. Joanne Welner Ill. Elissa lleck
l9. Larry Kuhn Ill. Suzanne (ierher 2|. September R
Klein 22. Judie tllsenberg 23. Miriam Rnspler 24-.
Susan Mllllgln 25. Hank's Ex-(Ihlclt 26. Bonnie
Stevens 27. Marie E. Gnrbarlno Ill. Andrew II. (‘urroll

Take Trailways

As students prepare to go llotltc tot lllL' llt'lttltlh.
'l‘railways bits service from the campus to IlIc l‘lt\ ~lttilttll
has begun. bttt SA's Greyhound scrytcc ll.l» not.

According to SA Vice President Ilttttn I cut. \t'lllt'L'
by Greyhound will bcgin after the ('llltstlltd» l‘tcal .h
soon as the Credit Union tnmcs out of Illt'Il PIC-rill or
ficc. SA will then open a ticket ottitc m Iltc \thtllt'tl
space and service will begin shortly altct llt.tl

I.cvy explained. “A Greyhound btt~ “I” put up
students with Greyhound tickets on campus. go to Illt‘
downtown Greyhound station whctt- \lllllt' mutant» “I”
get off. antl then the same bus will ctlllllltttt‘ on to d lllltll
destination."

No tlcl'initc time schedulc or set ol tlt'xlllldllttlh It.»
bccn dctcrtnincd. bttt l.c\y L'\]‘l.llll‘\'tl Illttl \\
(itcyhound ttgcnt. l)cbbic (iaioni. i» \stttl luv: NH It

Study During Vaca/t'on

I . .tttn

 

Tltc library has postctl it schcdttlc to: tt t t.
Iloth Ihc llaulcy l ilrtnt‘y and thc \l.tttt | i'
opcn usually nine hours a tiny. fr d.t\ . .t w . l. ll-Kslm‘f"
26 through .lttnuaty 26.

Who uses the library tlutintt Ihc \.t..
\\i\ll to tctnaitt anonymous.

. tttll l‘t‘

 

[nth lilt’fl

 

 

 

THIS IS THE LAST ISSUE OF THE

A$P

THIS SEMESTER

 

i
I

   
    
  
 
   
   
    
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

December 12, 1980

Women Denied Voting in Club

by Beth Cammarnta

Women ltave been denied the
right to become voting tnembers of
the University Club of Albany. :1
private recreational club for college
graduates. according to SUNYA
President Vincent O'Lcary.

A proposed amendment to the
clttb constitution to admit women
as voting members failed to receive
tltc two-third’s votc necessary for
passage Nov. 21. ttltltough it was
supported by a vote of Mfr-142.

Women are currently allowed to
use the facilities at the corner of
Dovc and Washington Strccts.
Albany. if their husbands belong to
the cltrb. Members are “largely pro-
fessional." ()‘Lcar' said. “Matty
of tltctn arc lawyers. doctors. or
businessmen. The only rcnircmcnt
is two years of college education."

()‘I.cary. "who got involved as a
matter of principle.“ sttid that a
team of men. including himself. At-
Iorncy Neil Brcslin. Dean Richard
Bartlett of Albany Law School. and
University Council Chair lodge

by Mark It‘lst'hcttl

for operation.

Lvidcs.

by Judie Iiis‘enherg

Under other circumstances. Gina
(not her r-nl name). a l9-ycar-old
SUNYA sophomore. tnight have
been hanging out in the dorm or
studying for tuidtcrms. as her

 

f
Automated Post Office

to be in Campus Center

An automated postal unit will be lllSlullCd'lll the Campus Center
early in the Spring semester. according to Jim Doellcl'icld. manager of
the Campus Center. The unit will rcplttcc the soda machines located on
the tnain floor. which have already bcctt tnovcd to the batik of vending
machines by the food coop and TV lounge.

Dan Alrutl. Services manager for the Plant Dcpartmcnt. is not cer-
tain yet what functions the trnit will provide. but says it will dispense
stamps and provide a scale for weighing postal items. Alrutz says the
comtnunity will be mrldc awttrc of the unit's scrviccs when it is ready

Ilill (.ltttltcn. Assistant Director of the campus post office. an-
ticipates tltc unit will improve postal service. attd says that it will iii no
way detract from any of the services which the post office now pro-

Wltelan organized to support the
amendment.

The woman who spurred the con-
troversy is Mimi Kindlon. 32. owner
of Mimi Kindlon Graphics in
Albany. A SUNYA graduate with a
bachelor's degree in English and
Art. Kindlon wants to join because.
she said. "there are no other
facilities so well suited to my profes-
sional needs. It‘s also been a part of
my family for many years." She ex-
plained that lter fatltcr. granti—
fathers. uncles and cousins were
and are former tnetnbcrs of the
cltrb. and she. as the only family
member of her generation living III
the Albany area, felt she could
carry on the tradition.

Lawyer Bernard Malone of
Albany and public defender Tom
Brcslin. both members of the club.
sponsored her membership applica-
tion.

“Last year the proposition was
widely shouted down." Kindlon
said. “This year. over half the
members (a recent turnout) showcd

 

J

friends were. lnstcad. she admitted
hcrsclf to the Albany Medical
Center to termittalc her l4-wcck
pregnancy.

Gina caught a strand of her long
blond hair. and pushed it away

   
    

l’hulut \ltm' llrnst‘hrl

Albany Student Press

up to vote. As I understand it. it
failed partly because of vague wor-
ding." According to the Titties-
Uniott. the amendment included
other issues such as defining
membership rules for other family
members.

Kindlon‘s husband. Terence. ex-
plained that he "would not join a
clttb that does not admit women as
members." and said that after the
vote the Office of Court Atl-
ministrations officially forbndc all
jttdges to use the club.

Univt/rsily Club President
Charles Pitts. who presided over the
meeting that lie is “not an active
member of the club" and “had no
opinion on the matter."

Albany's controversial University Club

l'ltoto: Iluh Lean-n!

Recent volc (lettin worm-n ruling IIIt'IIlfu’I‘Sflfp.

Vandalism is Still a Problem

by Alan Gardner

lltokcn the boxes. stolen cx-
tinguishcrs. wrcckctl furniture.
graffiti. broken lights and windows.
all spell ottt ottc thing —- vandalism.

As onc walks through the halls of
the dorms. strolls across the
podium. or rides the toch
elevators. it is L'\Itll.‘lll tltttt there is
definitely ti vandalism problctn at
the uptown campus.

Director of Residences. ’nul
Doyle, said it is hard to gather vttm
tlnlism stuli ' s due to luck of
cvidcttcc. ch year. after
students leave school in tire spring.
all of the rooms are chcckctl arid the
damages are assessed. It is very hunt
to dctcrtninc whether a lot of the
dunutgc is due to a willful act or dttc
to an accident. For the 1979-80
school ycttr. students were billed up~
proximately $I6.llll0. How much of
this is vandalism related. I seriously
don't know." he said.

On Colonial Quad. Intern
Rcsidcncc Director. .ch ry Chiplock.

 

l‘rotn ltcr fact: as she explained the
process sltc wcttt through. "For the
stngc of ptcgmtncy I was in." she
said. "I lutd to get a ptolagcstulin
abortion. That tttcnttl staying itt the
hospital for a l'cw days. while they
gave Ittc tltc prol. ulin to induce
labor. 'I'hcy pttl it directly into tltc
ntct'tts through vaginal sup-
positories every four hours. It was
something like actually going
through real labor. bccnusc tltc pro-
Ittgcstalin cnnsctl tltc tttcrtts to con-
trnct ttutl tame“ the fetus. l ltntl
labor pains uttd cvct'ythittg.
although tltc nutscs said it wasn‘t
quite as painful its real. full-term
labor."

 

 

 

4 News FEATURE

 

 

(Tina walked to the other side of
the dorm and sat on the cdgc of her
bed. "I couldn't believe I had to go
tltrouglt it at the time. I couldn‘t

cvctt believe I was prcgnttnt. I had

gotten my pcriotl right after I cott-
ccivcd. as it ttttttcd out. and l was
bleeding tt little all along. I only
wcm to check it out when I hadn't
had a normal period all through
August and September. I knew it
was possible that I \'tts pregnant. I
never used birth control. bttt I
hadn't been nauseous. or
anything." She leaned back against
the wall. and drcw her legs up on
the bed. “I knew it was trttc when
the tests ‘ttntc back positive. but it

has written ti brochure callctl
"Sonic Facts About V.I). (Vundnl's
Discuscl." 'I‘hc pamphlet informs
readers about Ihc vandalism pit»
blctn on campus.

(‘hiplock. along with I ivingston
’I'owcr directot Allcn Footc. utl\isc
(‘.().l:.S. (Committee on lin-
virtuuncntal Safety and Vandalism)
on how to attempt to reduce vau-
tlttlisnl on tltc quad. 'l‘hc committcc
consists of uric trtctttbct cnch front
the Towcr Council. the Quad
Iloat'tl. tltc RA stuff. lltc Judicial
Board. pltts tlttcc members from
the stttdcttt body. They discuss new
policies to rctlttcc vandalism.

Committcc tncmbcr ’ntricitt
(.‘lnrk notes that “the group has
gottctt stricter special function
forms which change thc itlcohol
policy. These forms lcnvc putty
hosts tcsponsiblc l'ot damages
originating front lltcir guests."
('hiplock tttcntionctl. “'l'hcrc lutvc
bccn cnscs wltctc putty-givers have
bccu billed."

rPregnancy: “It wouldn ’t have fit into

was still too hard to bclicvc

“’I'hcy put tttc on lltc I'Ilth floor
of the hospital -— that‘s obstetrics.
Abottiou. tcgular tlclivt'rics. pro-
blctn ptcgnancics. and the
nurst'ry.” she continued. H’l’hctc
was no one in thy rootn whctt I got
there. It was tr scttti—pt'ivnte. but Ihc
other two girls never showed up.

“I was tcally'cttlm once I got to
the hospital. I felt positive about
wlutt l was doing. and dclcrmincd
to gct it ovet willt. I got my first
suppository. and Ilicy attached an
I.V.. and I just sat around itt tny
room. Nnrscs came in and ottt a lot.
and they explained that I would feel
pain and nausea. They said I would
probably go into labor later in the
day. bttt I didn't. They kept on gi-
vittg me suppositories — I must
have had seven or so — tutti l was in
pain. bttt tltc l'ctus wasn‘t coming
out. I began to get a little
hystcrical."

She flicked imaginary dust spccks
off her Levi's as she continued.
“My roottnnatcs were really great
about it. they visited all the time.
But they weren't around when I was
rcally getting crazy. No one was. I
fell aslccp tltc second day at six and
the nurses kept waking ttte rip
through the night for blood
pressure tests anti more sup-
positories. My bed faced the win—
dow and I remember seeing tltc
ntoott in different positions each
time they woke the up. It went on
all night —-- the fourth. fifth. sixth

 

Other measures that the commit-
tcc has proposed include plexi-glass
tcplacetncnts for broken first-floor
windows. boxes to cover fire
alarms. better lighting outside of
the quad. and an increased effort by
the maintenance staffto be prompt.
(If something is fixed. it is hoped :1
students will respect the property.)

The committee would also like
students to bc more accountable for
damages tti'tcr lock-up hours. In ad-
dition. committee tnctnbers feel
that whoever has guests should be
responsible for their actions until
they lettvc. Chiplock also mention-
ctl the beginning ofn poster project
which consists of “putting up a
poster exactly where an act of van-
dalism occtt "

Chiplo'ck said he feels the pro-
bletn “has been rcdttced since last
year.“ He attributes this partially to
tltc fact that (‘olonial Quad under-
went rcpnirs over the summer.
“Sonic students are aware of the

t'mtlinttt'tl on page .st't'ettlct'n

my life. ’3

suppository. I don't think the
(hospital) staff was exactly sure of
why it wasn‘t working. | bcgan to
get scared.

“When they came in with
another suppository at 5 a.m.. I just
went ctu/y. I wouldn't let tltcttt
touch tttc. Cottntingall‘hc pelvic ex-
aminations and tire suppositories.
thcy must have bccn in and ottt of
tire l() or 12 times. Icouldn't take it
any tnorc. I just wanted to go
ltotnc. l was angry at myself for not
cxpclling tltc fetus. and even tnorc
angry at the doctors for tltc satnc
reason. The Chief of Staff had to
cotnc in because I wouldn't lcl
anyone near me. I yelled at him
whcn he tried to examine tnc. I told
him to get the l'--- away from me
and to get out of the room. I really
said that, I cursed out tltc Chief of
Staff." she smiled and rubbed her
forehead.

"I cap't believe I did that. Itut
they all finally left. without giving
the the other suppository. I just
cried for hours after that. I just
kept thinking it wasn't fair."

She explained that the fetus final-
ly catne out on the third day. “I
didn't even know it came out. The
nurse had to tell rue. But we were
hotlt relieved. Tltc nurse was just as
glad as I was.

“I asked to see the fetus. They
thought I was crazy. I think, and
they were a little hesitant about

      

  
 

 

showing it to me. But I had to see It.
continued on page seventeen

