  
      

 

 



um N‘r‘ 3—). .

l
i
‘ ,
t

  
  
  
 
  
     
  
   
  
   
 

A~ewh-.é~v~.' ;..-
. . ‘W‘. ..x

».3
,-.

hwa g , t », ' .

  , e..- rﬂst H
| rnetimes it is the most overt and obvious-- and overlapping boa-constrictor time-
.realtttes that are of  importance tn'the perspectivesl

(understanding of ‘human' existence. yet they Directional. new ones cut intq. across.
lore often overlooked, From era to era tthas above, below and beyond cltles.'communlties.
.been read. said. and fed to man. by man, that mountains. lakes, and countless othtg' obstruc-
ihe has a disposition which. when left unat- tive landscapes. an arena of timeless projects,
.térided. may allow him to neglect even that mankind attempts to bridge the gap betWeen
which he has created. consequenting in an time. space. and distance. '

aimless meander through life's webs and Yet in all their shining asphalt armor.

      

 

 

 

tangle!» «t - highways are Invisible. Though built solely for
 ' ‘ " ~ human use. they are often taken for granted

  _ s except. by those who dislike them and show it
‘ ' in the forms of multl-phasic campaigns against

Thus. the astute]. person strives for Such things as location, billboards. safety &

knowledge and clarity. not to mention ap- smut. a disapproval Which has grow" during
preclatton. . the past few decades.

Yet while all of us. Including the constl- Yet we can be certain that roads will remain.
tuents of an academic parish. have by now They've been with us ever since neolithic man
grown quite accustomed to being breast fed first grasped hold of a clump of green growth
mouth-iuts of information from leaders. in his hairy hand and ripped it from the soil.
businessmen. advertising hypes, the media. clearing the way to his neighbor's cave. Con-
scholars. their paid scribesdand the like. it is Ventence? A time and energy saver? A better
often only through an appreciation of the eye. View perhaps? Yes. all of these. it was also his
the touch. and the imagination of the esthetic way of saying “i move. therefore i am."
creator that we can begin to uncover our na- Which leads us to a prominent modern ar-
tural province. This wisdom can heir; deter us list. Allan D'Arcangelo. whose 32 paintings on
from any reckless driving down those shaky common iruages and realizations of the
boulevards it's also a hell of an energy saver. American landscape is on exhibit at the

Which steers us onto the highway, it's University Art Gallery through February 2‘).
culture. and it's art. a hardware. a sociology. Simply stated. the artist's highway land
and style created by the birth of vehicle scape picks up and leaves us. often taking thr-
transportation and the road system; an im- viewer on a highspeed spin through infinite
mense new folklore of laws and signs. speeds. panoramas; a whirl oti a srriooth highway
technology, and commerce too: that fleeting where the painter. driver. and vietvur's eye all
image of the white line to infinite; new. hard. meet at the receding vanishing point. With lit
and clean stylic six-lane super-sonic state spins tie imagination and recall. the spectator is
oils. with all their tunnels. curves, junctions. placed in instant motion as if he himself was

 

  

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

the motorist. a
I in strong, flat expressions. D'Arcangelo'
.—ai displaysa telescoped vision of the modern day
’ endless traveller. yet the prevailing tone is
calm and simple. cool and clear.

Though the landscape will remind one of
no place in particular. it's vision is symbolic (as
opposed to descriptive) of scenarios which are
quite commonplace on the Journey of the
driver. They are charged with typical
American road experiences. signals. signs.
lines. bridges. telephone poles. clumps of dark

t trees to define the hurl/.(ms. suddt-n fret-way
curves. and billboard techniques (Surroco in
all it's glory) ilis style is original. ht: has
disassocraled himself from the heavy pop and
historic itrt experience.

“i')'Arcangtilo's tibi“ty to take a commonly

‘ perceived 'fact' and turn it into a metaphor
(barriers. after all. ca.. exist irra spiritual. or a
virtual sense as well as in reality) is what
detaches him from any of thti group.

grit-3AM“) D'Arcangelo (middle left) among} his expressionistic American landscapes.
| In on .w the open. empty highway. D'Arcnngeio'u vision in stark and imposing].

.» il‘ in in}... 1"

soar—a it mitot-

it

phenomena. including Pop Art. that dominate
the American painting scene." commented
Edna Lindemann, director of the Burchfteld
Art Center in Buffalo. and an organizer of the
exhibit.

What is especially striking in his style is the
artists' generation of massive spaces which
tend to question the nature. understanding,
and interpretation of definitive reality. This
conception of space. is it simply keeping ob-
lects apart? Or does it enter Into his and our
total experience of the world?; it‘s careful use a
visual reality In itself.

Though his predecessors have used
highway art cohort of a post-war illustration of
man-made situations. most have suggested a
hint of distaste for the subject. both for it's no«
tion of mass transportation and it's destruction
of surrounding landscapes. D'Arcangelo
declines such comment however and does not
offer such a bleak picture. instead he
recognizes the highway as a landscape in its
own right and shows little concern with any
overly‘optimistic view of a future highway pro-
mise or paradise. His work is more a statement
of fact;

“i wcni back into my own memory. my
childhood. and brought out those things that
had the most significant impact on me "

From his memory he thcn irttcmpts to
reduce the concept to the most honest. the
most intelligible account of what it is

“They are. in reality. abstract paintings. vcry
strong ones. that simply use the rwwly
mechanized thruway landscape of New York
as a jumping off place for abstract painting
ideas." said Nancy l.itl(lii‘. dircctor of the
SUNYA Gallery.

A technique D'Arctiugvlti employs. and a
feeling 1 captured from it. is the rriood of etcr-
nal human emptiness lii,‘ crtuitr-s when thi-
highway is temporarily (Illtliltlttilt'il and no
rrrotrrrists tilt’ pr'cscni The road appears aux
ions to aid iht- lli'hl rriotorist. vui iti anotht-r
sunsc. wouldn‘t be concerned if out- tii'VL’l’ .rp
proaclu’d a vision llii.’ sunrist' liittrlililkt'r lrris
t'aporicru‘t'll and knows wcll.

"i‘lt'urrrs. rr' beautiful in tltcn own right"
~ D'Arcangclrr
in addition to his highway scenarios.
D'Arcangelo is recognized for the Consielltr~
tion Series (some are on exhibit): archith
turally inSpired renderings of huge steel beams
and barriers in snapping reds and concrete in
warm grays. The artist (who worked as a
youth in construction) has contributed toys for
adult eyes in his employment of building
blocks. boxes and balls. The partly abstract
products are imposed as sharp primaries on
grtrys and blacks this" conception and use of
n
painting.

deep Slitlt‘i' makes for surprising and
tcrcstirrg visual effects. (Onc
Labyrinth. literally plunges stoci lit-ants at the
Vlt‘\\‘t.‘| and violates his spare. taking .r dif
ft'rcrit approach from the rust of tlic COiiL't'
tton )

D'Arctiugelo's curly work is t-xpi‘cssivvly
lt)it(li.‘(l with much social coirmrcnt. 'l'ouclrud
by the Vietnam War, civil rights. and llti‘
1‘)(ril'-. bloody encounters. he expressed his
illiliiiyriitt 0 ill Plﬂf‘i) u] /\ssrr.-.smrrtiott. With. it
powerful pimc of abstract tixprt'ssionism on
the death of .l,l‘ K. (on display) It is scored

   

 

sine mas ' .

tridge explairu-d "You travel so much tillil in)
to so many people that it all blurs into one lot
sis." "innit nit
X'va Is in tlu' midst of ti nint' wt'clt lib tour
"and we play sir. nights a Week". Andy from
noon much of the country. in fact. "i cu:
think of rm» ~

You just feel like

wthr dark grays and blacks. spotted with crack
tng'red to denote blood. and has the added ef-
-’fect of real front and rear-view mirrors. Also

inﬂuenced by the' decor of modern billboard ..

advertising. some of his work features exagr )

 

gerated bodies of girls smoking on the road» ‘5

r

sides. Later in the 1960's. he bégan theirl.

highway series.
in 1967. an experiment to embellish Newitr
York City‘s rundown walls originated withli
D'Arcangelo and artist Jason Crum. expari»
ding into a non profit corporation called City.
Walls inc. (no longer in existence). The filed,
was to attempt to improve the worn sights and i.
structural conditions of the cities with li‘ttt H
porary paintings in addition to expressing it...
work of the “community artist." H

"Our view 0/ ourselves (reality) changes in

at a rapid rate. The artist helps us to 'iiiilllltt‘

our sanity by stabilizing itnngcs o] Iltv _.
changes.

 i)'/\rcturi.
I

X'I'ﬁ

There was an image i had. an irutrgu wt.‘
lasted almost twenty two years. It was .ri r.
rock rr' rollers. you know. the ones on -.t.rg.t
was an image of four or five protrd. bot-.tcr-
nondomesticatcrl youths; Jet-set studs ~
stantly leaving a trail of groupios. titrtn’.
women around a World who either admit
or despised them it didn't matter ililii'lt \z‘ w
people said though These guys had uum
guts. pride. and determination to ward

 

 

 

 

almost any kind of attack. in fact. i dint: w
they purposely I'Tt'itlt'tl an aura of dtiftulrct'
viting criticism. controversy. and of course
li’illiOti and publicity. This irnagt'
epitomized in; llic likes of .laggcr. Stt'wtrrt. 1
Sex Pistols. and on .r smullci sculc. .ltrlirrn t

Cliff Sloan

One day. however (Wednesday to be t -
act). i met Andy Partridge. the compos-r
guitarist, and vocalist of XTC. and my rock 't
roll imagery of over two decades went up ‘l.
smoke. Now you might snicker and say “\Alli“
is XTC‘?". but that's only because your.
American.

“Everything takes so much longer to cart:
on in the U 5 because its so big." Partrrc r
explained. "its like dropping a pebble ir
pool. you know If the pool's too big. it'll It
the ripples itiili'll longer to reach lliL‘ sides

XTC has hit lir'itrrin like a ton of bricks. 'l'lt
new album Ilrurtis turd Wirt's i‘r itlll‘rt‘llt‘
Costello's {\rrnt'tl Forces in (Eurrntriry and iii ‘
rrcvptiorr in lllt' (J S, has ranged from "gt.
to uxcclit'rit". .tt cording to lirii‘ttidgu.

Andy walked into Albany's "Quality fur.

a sweatsuit. qutvt and inconspicuous. lln'

 

polite. respectful. and soft spoken, Llllilhtt
only “win” orange juice. His hair is blond
sluirt. lhii'fi‘il rrtruily tilt the srdt'. wltilt' tin
glasscs iiltlt‘ his eyes

"i never lrltvd going out much. ovr n as
kid l'cl inst hung out at home and \K'lllt‘
listen to rnusrt H llt' tlot‘sn't smoke pot. or I
dun illrlfli’l. tto tili‘.‘ «hugs flu is iiittii‘ .rl lun'
Willi llii’ ttrusnttl .rnrl lili‘lrlli.‘ ‘."'ltli|li“~ ill 1.
Wtriltl lil‘r [it'l ~tritril lti‘vli'ﬁ truxor i'lrl‘w‘iilttl .

l'.tittipt'tui pm " l imrlli‘ iii-1v i‘lrtultr‘ l'tului.
t. .

.rtirrili Vrruitht. fluid llir' Ititirslf‘ .u.d l\.‘ilt
Ali' rttt’iil lil . with i‘.‘till|iil i'inllkt'lil‘.

lwrott' prom iitrl'lllH riiltitl‘l .unxtlilng H
\Ullt’lt trsht'rl \i‘lru lu' didn't lilii'llllfl it) ptilrh

din] of his ntlu-i works. l’.irtitdttr' sputum

with a loss for \mrrds; l>t [Uli‘ simply i't‘illiJliltt.
was afraid " i

) . . I V
l liltltftl by my rrrragcry. l (titl‘blttnit'tl what

26 year old man. who Wt’itl so t.u as to t.
himself “tutrow-rlt'd". was doing in lllii rot
business

"l halt' ill) [it'iti'iil of Mir lrtrsint'su." l’

is untit'rsltitirig things .r int

7 Wat;

. .. .
a piece of property

  

Aspects

 Farce ,

. . I The clash en'ﬂr‘e Line

The Clash have Just released a record that is
so appropriately disjointed. so compelling on
any musical levelfso energetic. it is the scariest
indication yet of the potency of new wave‘s
punk movement. What has been done is that
rough. fo'ur man maniacal songs have been
honed upln production so that their power is
notdiminlshed. but heightened. The power of
street wise punk attitudes and songs have
been made available to any listener. and if you
hear this album. the exciting danger of that will
become quite apparent. Maybe too apparent
for comfort.

QuinCy Nessig

in this case. the “Third album syndrome"
has struck once again. Like Elvis Costello.
Talking Heads. or Patti Smith. The Clash's
first two efforts were solid works that went
relatively nowhere in America's record stores
(None were officially gold). Like those other
acts. they were noted critically since their

 

 

 

discovery here a couple years back. and
they've developed a following that is more
than just devoted. Now. they should follow
suit again. and their third album.London Call-
lng. should widen their appeal to a mass level
and solidify them as not lust another punk act.
but a musically and lyrically explosive band
that apparently has a durable future in eighties
rock.

Just like Armed Forces. Fear 0] Music. or
Easier. the change came not so much on the
part of the artists as musicians and
songwriters. but on the part of the producers.
who took potentially accessible material and
made it just that: more accessible. So if you
want to call that selling out. or going commer-
cial. then you might have something against it.
but i choose to call It the simple evolution of a
band. because for every band that hits on
an accessible combination of great material
and production. on a first. second. third. or
any album. there are hundreds who will never
hit that formula. The ones that do are lucky;

Arrives Alive

up —- get in the van —- do a gig." He is ex-
hausted; disenchanted with the country and
the business.

“We’ve had two days off since we began. i
saw a little of N.Y.C. and it was fascinating. i
didn't say i liked it. it was just fascinating." The
bottom line is that “this is the only way for me
to earn a living at the present." Andy confessv
ed.

Still he laughs. seemingly taking it all in
stride. His lyrics on Drums and Wires are sar»
casttc for the most part. yet he insists that the
music of XTC has no social commentary. l
contested: How could lyrics like Isaw you ask-
ing [or Western thinking. [say it's poison you'll
be drinking not have any social commentary?
Yet the broad statement on the Western world
merely reflects a childhood affection for Orien—
tal toys. XTC 'oflers no social commentary.
although lyrically. one " might (With good
reason) wonder how some of their anti—social
lyrics came about. ’

Much of XTC's musical acclaim has stemm-
ed from the fact that they sound very much
like the “Talking Heads". A press release
issued by Virgin records sports a review claim-
ing that “XTC is clearly influenced by the Talk-
ing Heads." and another form the Soho News
state that'Drums and Wires closely resembles
Fear of Music."

. “if you listen to our first two albums (neither

of which has been released in the U.S.). you
wouldn't say that". Partridge contested.
“When you get to interview the Heads ask
them about a band called the Cans — that's
who they picked up on and that's who we're
influenced by."

“Still more credit for the success of “Drums
and Wires" has been given to the production
work of Steve Lillywhite. who provides them

with a sensuous, lush. almost symphonic

   

sound. “We recorded the album in two
weeks." Partridge explained. "it was really
very quick. A couple of the songs are first
takes".

Two weeks or not. Lillywhite isyan intricate
part of the success of Drums and Wires. When
XTC took the stage at J.B. Scott's Wednesday
night. the crisp precision and symphonic
melodies of Drums and Wires was lacking con»
siderably. This is not to say that the show
wasn't good. On the contrary. XTC is more
than capable of providing good. strong. solid
rock n‘ roll without studio aid. Colin
Moulding. on bass and vocals provided the
shows highlight with “Life Begins at the Hop".
an upbeat melodic dance number. Dave
Gregory. who simply plays “guitar” (there is
no difference between lead and rhythm in this
band) was merely adequate. as was drummer
Terry Chambers. Partridge sang with a

punkish twang that rendered itself audible only .

50 percent of the time. Yet the quiet. in
troverted man from the Quality inn was strong
gyrator and band leader. "You'll find that most
people who are introverted will tend to be
noisy and boisterous when in front of a lot of
people." Partridge said. The light show (a rari-
ty at J.B. Scott's) was a pleasant addition to a
most enjoyable and innovative show. XTC err
cored with "Making Plans for Nigel". their cur
rent hit single and left the audience on their
feet.

XTC should be heard before they are seen.
as they are better on vinyl than on stage.
You'll be hearing a lot of them in the future.
They are an up and coming band with a lot of
potential. At this point. however. they can on-
ly be deemed “pretty good". while Drums and
Wires will lead you to expect a lot more. En
joyable? Yes. but XTC does not bring ecstacy.

* “C Ill-d load“ Andy I’m-ridge dhcmu rock and or. mad with Anna. t.-

, "Wu. mm.

sound a Vision,

their concept of music Jibed with enough)
public to sell. The ones that don't are lucky
too. They just don't get rich. -.

The Clash are not rich yet. but London
Calling may do It for them. The producer is
Guy Stevens. who took over" the production
of the third LP after twu Wonderfully raw
albums that were released in reverse order in
the USA. Give 'Em Enough Rape and The
Clash. released in England in 1978 and 1977
respectively. were driven. roughly mixed LP's
that certainly demostrated all of the band's
energy and lyrical potency. However. the
rough. punkish. mired production. although
a necessary step in the group's progress. tend-
ed to give The Clash an over-all sound of
slight confusion. maybe Just a bit too much
energy. more than palpable for album work.
The first two albums are simply great. and
Clash fans love them. but they sound almost
like live. non-stop concerts that were taped
and put out. Obviously. it was an intentional
roughness. but now. The Clash have come
upon things they want to do that demand the
benefits of the studio. certainly not a sin. or'
selling out.

The rnustc is still new wave. it's still quite
packed with an over-flowing of energy and
lyrical power. But everything is just a little
clearer. and that's created room for some
perfectly tactful horns skillful overdubblng.
and sortie dazzling arrangements that have
truly expanded the scope of what tloe Strum-
mer and Mick Jones can do with their songs.

  

The Clinch. strung out on the punker boundaries of the New Wave. Their LP,
London Calling, is their most accessible and successful.

And the vocals by Strummer (also on rhythm
guitar). and the guitar by Jones (also on back-
ing vocals) are undoubtedly better. less a spit<
ting out of the words or notes as a defiant but
disciplined form of singing and playing that fits
in quite well with the new sound. lt's discipline
but it's on The Clash‘s terms.

it‘s a two record set. London Calling. and
there's a lot of great Clash music to be found
on it. The title track leads off the excursion. a
continuation of their obsession with London's
late seventies disruption, like “London's Burrr
ing" from the first album. From the moment it
begins. though, any Clash listener could im»
mediately discern obvious sound changes.
Besides the production capabilities of Stevens.
Jones guitar is decidedly more focused. more
intriging than before. His solos are up»front.
Wifll'llllletl and executed. and his lead through
out is less wild but no less energetic. He is con
stantly irrrpr'ovirrg on his instrument. and there
are curtain things by him hcre that be Just
rwvur did before. and “NV wonders why not.

'l'lrt' songs on iotnfoti Culling .u'c divt'rsu.
Some. like the driys'n “iltilt’flll” arc in llii‘
classic (‘lasli Vt'ui, but others. like the fabulous
"vlrintny Jazz." or "The it’ight i‘rofilv." tlli' at:
luul l-urp-t into new directions, and \vt'lr’ornu
\tlli"- lit't'tiusu llti‘i,‘ \vrril-i tlilllt‘ \t‘t'll 'l'lrt'

litlllli‘l is it dclit rousl" sung brat-xi) turrt! wrth .i'

ptrlutublc sux solo tillil iriit‘ of Sitummer's bust
\art‘tils to date. Thu tt-w til horns on this truck
and others on London Calling is particularly
noticeable because they allow Jones to play
guitar not only for a wall of sound. bill for
smaller. more subtle effects. But tightening up
the guitar space on the album. he has opened
the doors for experimentation.

Another change in Clash style that ap-

-classtc. They lyrictze, of aii people. Mon-

vocals. maybe more. Again, the emphasis
here is on the fact that a fine producer has
given the four musicians the opportunity to
present their ideas more lucidly. with more
diversity. with more sound. that appears as
sounding less full. '

“The Right Profile" is an immediate Clash

tgomery Clift. and this song is the epitome of a
combination of the old Clash and their new
sound. It's energetic rock ‘n roll. but it's got
flne horns. a wonderful sax solo. and a
disciplined Jones guitar solo. Strummer's
vocals are raucous and wild. but lust ade-
quately restrained to keep it all together.

For those of you who've yet to discover The
Clash and their new wave rock ‘n roll magic.
Strummer and Jones. the heart and soul of
the group. are backed by Paul Simonon on
bass. who started playing the instrument six
weeks before Joining the band. and Topper
Headon on drums. 'who provides a potent
rock beat throughout.

There's even British pop on London Coll-
tng. something quite apart from prior Clash
outings. "Lost in the Supermarket" Is uppity.
bopplty. popplty fun that is as regimented a
cut as producer Stevens could ever hope for.
To emphasize that. they follow it with one' of
The Clash's most lyrically scary songs yet.
“Working For the Clampdown" observes cur-
rent western establishment society as not too
distant from Nazi Germany. referring to
“blue-eyed men" who will be “young

believers" and join up. They also refer to Har-
‘risburg. Pa. and _talk about “waiting for a
meltdown." The culmination of this is the last
.part of this minitrilogy. "The Guns of Brixton,"
London's opposing army to the
“clampdown” regiment of the previous cut.
Although its diversity may appear elusive at
first. this is actually one of the most diverse
records to arrive in a while. because it is new
wave. but it's jirst plain rock. too. all at a high
tempo. but with extremely varying beats.
Clash fans should have no problem walking
away from London Calling awed and empty.
for they need not be primed in Clash listening.
The greatness of a group so raw yet so potent
is already established. and they can look at this
album as an opinionated group's most
pungent comment yet on life in the world to-
ay. particularly London. The music is so
demanding. it needs several lr~.teiiings before it
till sinks In 'l‘lrr'rtl's just too much power lit-re
to trike it all in at once.
The first two (‘ltislr Li’s lrrul ti t i'ildlll magic
liccuust' tlu’y look .i f't‘tif r-trrwi l‘tiliil and taped

C.

tlicin 'l’htl first iJlli‘ \vm rut‘trrdt-tl on litrw’
\wr'kcuds \Hfll no real produtt'i. umcpt tin.-
sound t'nltirtwcr (‘liS ltrrrtiori provided the
studio illlll nurruitrny barking 'l'liu ‘t’t't)iltl uni
)tis‘i a hit nrnit' lit-'lli'lll'tll'di titliti‘ but not .t ltil
more J-tili'tl l'ht- litin lr.rppi'ru'd .tgam 'l'lit
energy t» -.trli at our liiillilit‘it )tt’ttlr‘tli. but
now. so i. tlit' musical prttir».-.ttrrr.rlisrn. The
Clash haw not comprotriiscd their sound at
all. The first two albums are hurt) and always
will be, but this one sends the message home
in a frighteningly direct way Bccottse of their
history (arrests, wild concerts. violence. etc.
— classic punk troubles). the mere fact that
they‘ve put out such a straight forward release
of what they do best must be reckoned with.

 

 

 

Feared mUCh leSS frequenlly 0" the fir?»l tWO «Energy like this cannot be ignored. and music
efforts is the use of many tracked backing 'ltkethts shpnldn‘lt be,

vocals behind Strummer. _by him and Jones.

Songs like “Rudle Can't Fall.” and “Spanish
Bombs" are enhanced by at least four hacks of they want to speak to you.

The eighties are herehand the musifal
phones are ringing. it's London calling. at}:

 

      

 

 

 

 
 
  

  
   

 

