 

Page 80

AShotOlGalgmbg

._,.,'Piefturiing a. New'wave.

Please plcture’ a male. nude except for a
rocketshlp covering his crotch. planetary or-
bital rings hula-hopping his bod. leaning
underneath planet balls on strings. Picture this
scene in blue. pink. yellow. and orange. his
vague facial expression edging out to a
darkened s ace.

Rib Harbor v

 

 

Portrait of the "j ‘ as a ,_

Phyllis" ' L

Next. imagine a browrt and rusty red
cavern. empty walled but for a hanging ther-
mometer. The cave is occupied by space-like
creatures shrouded in red and silver aluminum
foil and gray sneakers.

Finally consider. if you will. a iierdish type
with black straight legs (too 'sliortl and
sneakers. wearing a blue-red panelled card-
board container draped with Christmas bulbs.

His expression ls obvious. he's wondering what

 
 

brings color and fun to

Fine Art photography. “Looking for Love" streams with color and concept.

Exclusive interview

Hollywood 'I'alk

You don't olten get a chance to talk to the
real powers in the film indttstry when you're
only a student critic. Recently tltottgh. I did get
the opportunity to talk to one of the producers
of big movies. Of course there's always a
catch. and the one that came with this chance
was that I wouldn't be allowed to iriipress ASP
readers by Identifying him I accepted the con-
ditions. however. and met Mr. Big at art
Albany McDonald's.

Jim Dixon

"That tape recorder on?" he asked. right
off. '
“Uh. yes. You don't mind. do you?"
“Nah »— so long as -"
I nodded. “I know. I know. So long'as I
don't identify you."
He looked very happy at that.
“Good, So whattaya wanna know?"
"What do you see coming
Hollywood?"
“Movies kid. Lotsn movies '
"Could you be more specific?"
“Expensive movies. I'm tellin' ya ~ no kid
ding now — they're all gonna be expensive."
"Why? Inflation?"
"Yeah  of egos. You know what the
magic number is for star salaries now?" He
didn't wait for an answer. "Three million god-
damn dollars and ten percent of the domestic
gross, I (tilled lsieve McQueen the other day
about this property I got. He doesn't rl'ik what
the script is He Just .si'iys ‘Pivn inilltnn.' f‘itllt.’
So I say ‘Stevcu baby! I love ya and you're,
great I lfit‘rtlt grcrttl But that last thing you did
wasn't even released. and The I'Inuicr won't
be out until who knows when How can you
ask for fivr, ffr' inst says 'But I got three
million for The Hunter. I gotta Compete.
y'kirow?’ Never tiientioiied thnt it won't lit: out
until spring Illtil so it's iltt unknown quantity.
Sttltitl-jt‘t‘k paid littti three million and now no

 

otit of

 

out: can pay him less."
"What do you see .is the next wavy of genre
. I t

 

films? A lot of people think science fiction is
dead."

"No way! I just bought (Ill rights to one of the
established scisfi classic of illl time! This oiie's
gonna be big. I mean big!"

“What's the name?"

"We're calling it The Shape (1/ Close Ifrr-
counters to Come. bttt the boys in the PR
department'll probably come up with
something better by release date."

“What's the name of the original property?"

“I shouldn't. but I'll tell you so long .‘is it's off
the record. Off the record. right?

"Absolutely."

“The original was called Srinlo Cloris Cori-
ituers The Mortirms. We're rewriting of course.
Taking ortt the Santa aspects. We're using

 

Kid,
I could
make

you
a star.

 

Sound and Vision

 

 

he isdolng.

Picture these in absolutely 'vtvld color.
splendid primaries and 'secondarles that are
alive and magnetic. thirsty five in all. framed.
and on exhibit at the University Art Gallery
through February 2‘). They are worth exam-
ing. .

The artist's decision was to try a new style.
an uncertain one. that left behind the usual
pliotodociimentary work in favor of a bizarre.
new wavish. ittt(l contrived photography.
What Phyllis (itileinbo. art professor at
SUNYA. does is simply take a manufactured
and far out imagery and place it inside a
natural scenario, It's been done before in the
wrnld |lf pop photography and in certaltt
circles is becoming quite popular. Galembo
does it well.

It's the color, Clean. clear. and brilliant. the
decorations and planned conceptions are
'visiiii'lh/ appealing.

Using props such as aluminum foil. old
costumes. shredded paper. stuffed animals.
glitter. cardboard. feathers. arid bubble gum.
(irileinlio places new waviin styled types into
quite tniusuril settings. She keeps .iway front
pnintiuns. and deep meanings as she told the
Times Union: "There are no great metaphors.
or social statements. or great insights iti my
photographs. I create my own reality. and iii
conjunction wiili nry make .i
In a sense. l'iri .i director ()I
course we spend hours rillII liotirs sontctlittr-s
getting ready for one shot." -

(inletnbo. 27. hogan Itl't' iiiimufiicturcil .iit
last April titlil si'ts up most iif Ilt‘l shots iti ltt'r
Albany apartment Willi ri .‘filifiiltt ('icntive
Artists Public Service program grant which she
just received iiIlII lit'l frisctiintioti \vttli color

models.
photograph

tint It's potentials. she"- Iliolutig forward to

piodrrcing iiioii' Most of her photos suggest

the tieiiiltness of Iftillt/Wtitul. go go. disco

punk like looks. iltltI even rlyiinniic sex.
I'IH" photos I found pnrlicitliiiy pleasing and

worth iiicnltoniiig .ire'

li’ftyifiirr Down With I'iiirtcli

more of .in itIIt'tllillt'iil (Thrist figure-I think
that's what we're calling it "

"Poi the record any sta“"'

"Oh yeah! Big ouch. hit!
Brando bitt he's so busy oii other cameos.
Travoltri's shown some interest. We wanted
Stallone bitt he wouldn't do it unless we let
him dircct. We've signed Laurence Olivier and
Brooke Admits There'll definitely be a cameo
by Bruce Jenner."

"John Williams doing the score?"

“l‘robnbly. We may get the Boston Pops as
part of a package deal."

"flow do you feel ril)()llf the people films
llir'tl are making it big'.J Things like Kramer Vs,
Kramer. Breaking Away and so on."
“People are good." a

 

 

ones! Maybe

    

_ .reas'o'nrible‘irroftt. liey-is that thing still on?"

Aspects

  
    

     

, ; " :8,  t . ._ .
“Sar\a" is a stab of humor in the side of
conventional art. -

Featuring an Elvis type newAwaver holding
a ptnk-papered guitar with pipe wire strings.
His clasliy red and blue threads in front of a
hot pink background loaded with glittered
musical notes spark a nice effect.-
ft’oxrmne- ' '

She's a pink and blue feathered big bird-like
woman sprawled on the dirt. The partial
lighting makes an interesting observation.
Victorirr ’

()ne of my favorites. A precious pretty
blonde in a thin while gown surrounded by.
and clutching. pixy sticks and bubble gum
which hang iii strings froitr the ceiling (draped
like a delicious car wash entrance). A sugar
fantasy land.

Stil'tl‘

(I’ictttrcd) A helpless feinnkI trapped like it
spider in .i \Ut'll of splendidly colored ribbons
(Spiderwuniiiii perhaps). lit iyullow, red. and

white striped gown in front of .i piiturcsiirie
git-en Irllltl‘it'rlllf' ffxttcnii'ly triloiftrf
('lttil't'

Simplest of llu'ttt all. An innoct‘iit. yet in
vitiiig young girl in .i black one I)It’(‘t.‘"i\\lltli
suit lying on .i bench in autumn Between lli't'
illitl thc \‘ii'ui'i ilti’ .i t'()ll|)li' iIo/i'ii colorfully
pointed sea shells.

"Alter .iu‘lrtlc.
photograph
llIl\."l.l"l'

you inst don't
I'VI‘IV btiiii in .i

U’rllll fl)
doorway

Phyllis (irili'nrbo .

"Will you be producing any smaller. more
intimate films yourself?"

“Sure. We're developing an idea right now
that could be a concept we thought we'd
have Charlton Heston and Barbra Streisand
play .i couple of people."

“Good. interesting."

“We thought so."

“Do you sec any future trends in film?"

"Trends sltini'nilsl Who comes up with
these words? If .i film tntrkes money it's a
trend."

“Well. based on what's made money so far,
what can we expect to see on the screen?"

"I'Ve already talked to it few of my cohorts.
and l can guarantee that Kramer Vs. Kroniur
Pt. II will he on‘ the screens by Christmas.
1980."

"Are you serious?"

“Why should I lie'.’ Lemme tell you. it'll be a
hit. Hoffman & Streep are gonna try it rec-
concilintion. Marlon Brando's indicated an iii-
tert'st ltl playing .Iustin Ifertry's grandfather.
but he'll have to join the line. The real fighi's
over whose side of the family the old coot's
on,"

“I don't bellevu tlri

"Hell yeah! ABC
series. I tnight add."

"Any thoughts on what makes a ftltn good
as opposed to a hit?"

"From a producer s standpoint. if It's a ltll.
it's good."

 

 

optioned it as (i T.V.

"I low about from the audience's stand»
point?"

“Look, ()II the record If you want good.
you take a writer who hasn't been burned otit.
You have him write a script he has some fuel-
iiig for. You trike ll director who hasn't been
over-Oriented and who can shoot it on ii
reasonable budget on it reasonable schedule.
Yoit say to hell with big stars and get a cast
who can act. You put the thing together and
release it when fifteen big budget monsters
ureri't being settle for a

released rtl id

Mt hr.   .

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

 

 

 

   
   
   
    

  
   

  

., L ,_ ,ﬂ... ...__..-.- mt. dummy. .. as“...

 

 

Aspects

 

sound. and Vision ‘

Page..9a

 

 

 

'i'And Trouble

Shakespeare is so rich In theatrical possibili-
ty that the trouble in mounting a production is
precisely this: one has to make a great many
important choices. In their current production
of Macbeth, the Empire State Youth Theater
institute makes a fair number of cod ones.

Larry Kinsman

First of all. the director, W.A. Frankonls.
did not go for any outlandish or cute stuff. he
stayed with the real core of the play: horror.
We witness the decline of a morally sensitive
man from heroic warrior to demonic monster.
It is a difficult play to stage because
Shakespeare sets scenes all over the place.
from castles and battlefields to the more
amorphous heath where Macbeth and Ban»

 

 

Three For The Money

WARNING: In order to discuss Going in Style
[ﬁnd it necessary to expose most althe rather
slight plot twists that are (if/cred us. The
"twists" are predictable and you'd probably
figure them out soon after the ttloitfﬂ sturts
anyway. but Ileft it fair to team you.

Going in Style is a lie; this movie doesn't go

Mark Bossier

 

 

n3"

Art Carney: And this old man robbed
banka.

 

GroWnI’n

quo encounter the witches. This multiplicity of
scenes is common to all the plays. but it can
become bewildering In Macbeth. since it is one
of the shortest and most compact of the
tragedies. and many of the scenes are very
brief. The transition from hero to monster is a
long journey to make in one play. and
Macbeth has to travel the distance in air ex-
traordinary theatrical shorthand.

The lighting in this production is elaborate.
gloomy and effective. In the first scene enter
the witches. The three weird sisters are fan-
tastlcally made-up. from their blackened faces
to their long silver fingernails. Their ragged
flowing costumes are ugly. yet graceful. They
hoot and shriek their way around the stage in
o swooping manner that is genuinely unnerv-
ing. Their movements are beautifully

 

; . r.

anywhere and it certainly doesn't have any
style. It fancies itself making enormous head-
way on behalf of elderly people when. in ac‘
tunlity it sets the Grey Panthers back twenty
years Perhaps I shouldn't say that because I'm
not really sure what this movie fancies itself to
be; it can't be a comedy. because. except for a
few brief moments it's not ftinny. It can't
be .i drama because its dramatic scenes are
weak All best and innudlin at worst. and as
social commentary i is condescending and
pointless. The plot has to do with three men
((‘ieorge Burns. Art Carney. and Lee
Strnsbet'g) who. having (we're supposed to
assume) been forced to retire and live on
metal security decide to relieve the tcditint of
their daily lives by iobbing a bank. Not only
does this relieve the boredom. it puts so much
excitement into their lives that it kills one of
them, Once Strasbcrg is in thiI ground the two
suivivois need .i vacation so they go off to Last
Vegas tind triple lltt’tt. rather the bank's.
money. Well. this too is exciting and lo arid
behold Carney drops out of the picture next.
leaving Bitins to lrlltt’ the nip foi the robbery
himself. By methods that are never explained
Burns gets caught and sent to prison where
the whole thing ends on an off beat note with
Burns saying something cute like “this place
will never hold me,"

Going in Style is so riddled with problems
that it's hard to‘know just where to start. The
primary question seems to be just what is the
point of till this' ' reasons for the brink rob
bery illL’ never really satisfactorily explained.
Theft is not a usual way of putting excitement
into life. yet these three don't bother to con
EilllL'l' anything else; they go from park bench
to getaway taxi without passing through any

 

and this is hard to take when he plays a

chreographed so that they come together as

one. and then swirl apart like atomic particles.
Wher‘t‘Macbeth and Banquo first appear
onstage. the witches transform themselves for
concealment into boulders and tree stumps by
simply assuming odd postures and covering
their heads with a piece of clgak.

.ioel Aroeste. as Macbeth himself. gets off to
a weak start in the opening performance. but
he becomes positively volcanic by Act III. He
shows us a giant of a man quaktng in terror. a
man who is physically brave against over.
whelming odds but who is so frightened of his
own bad dreams that he will murder innocent
persons to achieve the illusion of safety. My
big reservation about seeing Aroeste cast as
Macbeth Is that he is an actor who lacks all
physical grace. Onstage he moves awkwardly.

  

 

Joel Aroeate as the tortured Thane and Jeanne Vigilante as his sleepless wifue:
“Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow creeps in this petty pace from day to day.

Out Of Style

for the money either. Even though the three of
them. especially Burns. continually talk about
the joy that money would bring. once they get
it they have no idea what to do with it and end
tip giving it all to Carney's simplelon nephew.
Then we come to the problem of putting ex-
citement into their lives — that's all well and
good. but what are we supposed to tltink
when these guys start dying off? Should we
keep all senior citizens calm and uninvolved to
avoid sudden death? Instead of giving us a
positive portrait of the elderly we get a pathetic
group of old men whose dreams and desires
far outweigh their capabilities. N0 im»
portant issues facing the, elderly is even con»
sidered. These three have enough to eat. they
have clothes rllttl a roof over their heads. they
don't feel lonely, and they are perfectly
healthy until they start thieving gambling. and
thinking about sex (in fact. th ' ems more
like a warning to those over sixiyiivc to stay iti
their stereo-typical niches rather than fight and
risk death) The one hallway decent point,
that Burns is better off in jail lltillt living oii lltc'
outside. is so simplistic and so blatant that it
loses any effectiveness it might have had.
Intellectual and moral issues aside this is not
.i well inadiI movie. I've never liked any of the
three leads. but Burns does do a respectable
tob with impossible material, Carney and
Sit-islu'tg however don't disappoint IiiL‘ arid
they both give cliche. sappy. sentimental
clitiiiicteithitions that verge on parody. The
talents of cineinatogitipher Billy Williams are
completely wasted and Martin Brest's script
Alllll direction are mediocre. Going to Ster has
.i noble intent. bttt somewhere along the way
everything got twisted and it ends up being ex»

 

i

 

 

character so obviously invested with grandeur
(when nobility fades. a villainous integrity
becomes the basis of Macbeth's grandeUrl.
There is an awful scene in which Macbeth
scrambles quickly up a long flight of steps.
after having received his fatal wound from
Macduff. In terms of simple physical action.
the move is ridiculous. especially since there
are several other available exits on ground
level. Aroeste does a splendid job. however.
with the big speech in Act V. Scene V. when
Macbeth encapsulates life as "a tale told by an
idiot." These are some of Shakespeare's most
searing and beautiful lines. and Aroeste does
them justice.

Jeanne Vigilante plays the pivotal Lady
Macbeth with a fine. ruthless passion. This
reviewer has admired Ms. Vigilante as Viola in
Twelfth Night and as one of the wicked step
sisters in Cinderella; she is an actress of im-
pressive versatility. to say the least As Lady
Macbeth. she is at once seductively soft and
hard as nails. She is. of course. that enigmatic
creature who tempts Macbeth beyond the die
tales of his conscience. btit who crumbles
before Iiiiii unde: the weight of her own guilt,
Ms. Vigilante is breathtaking iii the sleepwalk~
trig scene. speaking hci litres slowly. then
quickly. then slowly again. .is her crazed eves
dint about tit tnyriail ileinous.

The humanin of the Villain .ind i-illniiiess
are carefully enrphasizcd. There is .i brief iti-
terlude in which Lady Macbeth's maid helps
her on with her queuiin robes. after which the

new ueen laui ltllit l embraces her servant,
. q .

Adding something like this deepens our unto»
tional susceptibility as an audience Not only
can this Woman cold-bloodedly plot murder.
bttt she feels plain affection for it servant as
well. In this. Frankoiiis seems particularly
faithful to Shakespeare. the poet's characters
are tichi‘ simple: they exhibit a bewildering ar-
ray of motives. Lady Macbeth is far more
upsetting and thoughtprovoking as a feeling
human being who plots inttrder than she
would have been as an embodiment of evil.
Most of the soulful" roles are played by do
tors who simply do not have a complicated
and awesome iiiaiesty. and they i'equre real
stage presence. If the force and the inflection
go wrong. the speeches can sound like
parodies of themselves. The obviously comic
parts, such as the Porter's. are less difficult in
this sense. Unfortunately. Paul Villatit plays
the Porter as a grotesque out of the broadest
farce. careening around the stage with crossed
eyes. as if he had stumbled tit from A Funny
thing Happened on the Way to the Forum.

There are some excellent visual renderings.
When Macbeth returns to the witches to fur
ther ascertain his fate. the ghostly images are
nicely conjured. from the bloody infant to the
little king. who appears crowned and pink»
cheeked from within the tent-like robes of one
of the weird sisters.

There is electronic music playing
throughout. At first the idea seems repugnant
in connection with Shakespere. but it works
most of the time. nonetheless. The knocking
in the Porter" scene accelerates to a deafening
roar ~ bitt briefly *7 and this helps to convey
the relentlessness of the horrors that will
plague Macbeth and his wife The sound ef-
fects work even better (luring Lady Macbeth's
scenes. An eerie feminine voice chants a sad
yet frightening lament without words. pro-
vidittg ti wonderful audio backdrop for the
lovely lady who. for her cruel metal. should

 

bear only male children.

The set is made of crtide wood .ind properly
suggestive of eleventh century Scotland. a
locale clearly not much lik Versailles. There is
a structure in the center foregrouan which
serves as everything from a watering hole to a
witchcs' cauldron. It is air excellent and frugal

 

st'iging device,

The costumes are good itttr. especially Ms.
Vigilante's: we see her only in red velvet and
white linen The colors help to make her
visually filtill An inieasine crept over me.
however. .is 1 observed how Marilqu was at»
tired. My ilnte threw light on my discomfort by
pointing out that Mticduff's fitr trimmed.
powder blue cape looked like one of Zsa Zsa
(inboi's ltotts‘ccodts A minor matter.
however .lnlin Romeo makes a reasonably

5.

   

icl vvi'it i ieit s to cr' c —— siinile- _ y
' ."v ' ' '. " '  . I unposing Macduff. even if blue is not his color.
minded. unfair. preiudtced. I

 

 

space itt between. They couldn't have dotte it
1' x 1

 

 

 

