 
  

 

hi?.1m:‘n~) . .  ,g A _

  
   
 

t- ,__~_._c_. ._..x

 

i
i
l
’5
l
.i
l
l

‘

.~......u..._ W_A¢?2§t$an‘l

r

 

 

H.....__-.__,__ .- ,c._.__.___..___.__‘_._______~.-._...._ .___._.-.._....“..... - . . .._ ....

  

 Fears Harsh Treatment

   

 

WASHINGTON (AP) With six American diplomates back
in the United States after a high-risk escape from lran. the
Carter administration continued work today on a series of
initiatives to win freedom to 50 other Americanssrill held -
captive in.’l’ehran. The immediate administration concern
was that the Americans left behind might be the target of
harsh treatment by Iranian authorities in retaliation for the
Canadian-sponsored smuggling effort. At the same time,
there- were signs that the administration's three-month
quest for the safe release of the 50 hostages may be making
progress. After a brieﬁng on the lranian situation Wednes-
day by Secretary of Strlte Cyrus R. Vance, Sen. Frank
Church. D-ldaho. told reporters, “There is some ground
for hope we can find a way to secure the reiease of the
hostages.” Hours earlier, State Department spokesman
Hodding Carter declined to rule out the posibility that the
hostages {night be released to a third party, such as tltc Red
Cross, if agreement can be reached on _the openlrtg of a-
U.N. tribunal on the reign of the former Shah of lratt.
Other officials, who asked not to be identified, said the ad-
ministration is working on a number of initiatives to end
the hostage crisis, now in its 89th day.

Inmates Post Second Outbreak

ATTICA. N.Y. (AP) inmates remained locked in their cells
today as 100 state prison guards were brought in for a
“facility wide frisk" after a second violent outbreak this
week at the maximum-security Attica Correctional Facility.
Department of Correctional Services spokesman Louis
Ganim said the Wednesday outbreak left two guards and art
inmate hospitalized and seven other guards and.another in- -
mate injured. Ganim said the ntelcc was sparked by u tttcss

, hall fight between two inmates. “When the officers moved
in to break it up, several other inmates jumped in," Ganim
said. “Some had homemade knives." Gartim said he did
rtot know what led to tire initial ﬁght. Guards using tear gas
brought the melee under corttrol at 12:57 p.rn., about 22
minutes after it started, said Capt. Henry F. Williams. corn~
mandcr of the state police Bureau of Criminal Investiga-
tron.

Sab‘otage Possible On Flight

NICW YORK (AP) Federal officials are investigating a
possible attempt to sabotage a Soviet Aeroflot flight bound
for Kennedy Airport Jan. 18 with Anaton Dobrynin,
Soviet Ambassador to the United States. and several other
high-ranking diplomats aboard. The four-engine Aeroﬂot
llyushin-62 jetliner ﬂew 75 ntiles through the wrong
airspace because numbers and letters to identify the fligltt
had been removed front tire airport's traffic control corn-
putcr system, officials said. I‘Only by sonte miracle.” was a
catastrophe avoided, today‘s Daily News quoted art uniden-
tified sortrcc as saying. Robert Fulton, spokesman for
Federal Aviation Administration, said art FBI investigation
beginning today will involve “at least one New York area
air traffic control facility." Bill Hotop, an FBI spokesman,
confirmed the investigation. saying agents were looking in-
to “the possibility that federal statutes were violated." He
declined to elaborate. The New York Times reported today
it had learned that although the ground instructions given
the Soviet plane carried it into the wrong air space, there
were no planes in its path and “nothing close to a colli-
sion." .The FAA spokesman‘said when the flight carrying
Dobryrtin arrived at the airport “safely and on time," there
had been no indication that data in the computer systcnr
might have bcert tampered witlt. The information that led
the FAA to call in the FBI was “received subsequent to tltc
landing," Fulton said. Bttt the day before, Fulton said, a
union representative for the controllers ltad announced that
controllers would not handle Aeroﬂot or Air lran ﬂights
“trnless ordered to do so by higher authority."

Cities Fight Mobile Nuke Wastes

WASHINGTON (AP) The federal government is on a col- ,

lision coursc with dozens. perhaps hundreds, of‘citles attd
towns over tentative rtrles covering the sltiptttcrrt of radio-
active nuclettr wastes on the nation‘s highways. The new
regulations, proposed by the 'l‘rtutsportation Department
and expected to be enacted after a final routtd of hearings,
would establish, for the first time. national rules on where
such shipments may and may not travel. The rules would
override local laws forbidding such shipments through
scores nitrides and towns. in 1977, an estimated 2.5 million
pitckttgc‘. of radioactive material were rtrovcd about the
country. Some goVr-rrrmcrrt officials say lllL totttrltrliou‘.
cottld he only the first or .r number of federal .rcriotrs w ru-
cluding the eventual siting of lllltZlCitt"-’-‘tt‘.l('tllltll|1‘.:Illtl at
lectirtg the shipment of other int/atrium lttillt‘tlr’tl v that
wottld pic-erupt state and local decisions. Murry sitttc and

‘local officials argue, however. that they have) already made I
up their minds, at least on the nuclear transportation issue: '

"They don’t want truck loads of radioactive wastes and fuel
traveling their streets. To back up their views. an increasing

‘ number of cities, including New York. - have severely
restricted such shipments or banned them altogether. , '

Sinking Investigated ,

TAMPA, FLA. (AP) Crewmen from the sunken Coast
Guard cutter Blackthorn and the oil tanker SS Capricorn
are meeting today as an investigation begins into the colli-
sion in which 23 persons are feared dead. Meanwhile. the

' Coast Guard says ithas abandoned hope of finding more

survivors, and discontinued a searcit in the swampy shore
area around the mouth of Tampa Day. “There was almost
no likelihood of ﬁnding any bodies." said Capt. Marshal
Gilbert. The six-member inquiry board is headed by Rear
Adm. Norman Virtzke, commander of the Coastl Guard
2nd District. The panel includes four other Coast Guard of-
ficers and Patricia Goldman, a member of the National
Transportation Safety Board. Ms. Goldman said the safety
board will compile “an independent report, including art
official determination of the probable cause of the acci-
dent." The safety board will make recommendations for
avoiding similar accidents. Divers continued to make trips
to the sttnkett Blacktltorrr late Wednesday, inspectingthe
ship as a first step toward refloating it. a three-to-six-wcek
process.

Study Cites Oil Profits

WASHINGTON (AP) Congressional investigators say
U.S. refiners took more than $3 billion in trnwarrarttcd pro-
fits last yeitr through unjustified price increases for heating
oil and diesel fuel. The increases will add about $130 to this
winter's fuel bill for the typical Atnerieatt family using
heating oil. the investigators say. Their report, released
Wednesday by tltc chairman of the House Government
Operations commerce sttbcontrttlttcc. prompted rtew calls
for price controls on heating (til. A coalition of CllllCIl artd
labor groups filed a petition with the Energy Departrttcrtt
seeking a return to price ceilings. Controls were lifted in
1976 after the Ford administration assured Congress that
corttpctitiort would hold profit margins to their historic
1-to-2-ccnt‘pcr-gallon level. While profit margins for
heating oil were still at 1.6 cents per gallon irt September
1978. the new study said, they rose over the nc.\'l 13 months
to art average 14.5 cents per gallon. Rep. Benjamin Rosen-

f _ .
ROUNd Campus

Grade Change Not Honored

 

 

Central Council, in art announcement issued on January
21, has expressed its opposition to the neivly instated
cltange in the honors grading system. The Council is urging
the University Senate “to change the present proposal irt
such a way as to make it truly productive or to defeat it.”

Tite change raises honor requirements in magna cum
laude from 3.4 to 3.5 arid in cum laude from 3.0 to 3.25.

According to the announcement, 62 percent of 1300
students surveyed by the SA Academic Affairs Committee
were opposed to the changes.

Complaints raised include the argument that the pro-
posal “fails to make honors more educationally mean-

ortly with a small percentage of cumulative averages. and
that discussion of art alternate system ltas been lacking.

Ole ’ To Spanish Majors

wonderful activities irt which stttdcrtls cart

themselves hut'no major center of interest.

needs members.
So, get your act together atrd becortte involved. Spanish
_ majors, UNl’l‘li, and join the club.

Leading The Leaders

What we rtccd is strong Jenderslrip! Apparently, the
University ttgrcesl So. the office of Student-l,|nivcr-.ity ./\r'
trvitict. arid the Ctttttptts Center and SA .nc spotttiotitn
scvcrrri workshops itt their 1970-80 l.t:.'ttlcr‘.lrip l'rogrant.

 

‘V.

ingful." in addition, students believe the change is dealing

.

There are over 200 Spanish majors at SUNYA and no
real Spanish Club. So. the probleru is that there are all these
involve

There are films, parties, and trips to be organized. A trip
to Madrid and Mexico City dtrrirtg the spring break and to
New York City are being planned. brtt the Spanish Club

thal, D-N.Y.. the subcommittee chairman. said the study
“provides conﬁrmation thaf’U.S. oil reﬁners are indeed
guilty of massive overcharges." He blames the overcharges
on “profit-hungry reﬁnemand lax governmental enforce-
ment of "the price standards for reﬁned petroleum pro-
ducts.” Rosenthalnamed no companies, saying the prac-
tice was industry-wide and none should be singled out.
However. Exxon Corp.. a leading supplier of heating oil,
said in response to questioners that the charges were
baseless.

Catalog Contains Obscenity

CHICAGO (AP) The word ltas ancient roots, says Eric
Partridge's Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional
English. The revered Oxford English Dictionary credits a
lSth century saiirist with introducing it to Anglo-Saxon
usage. Brrt Montgomery Ward officials are embarrassed
arid apologetic over the four-letter obscenity that showed
up on a bedroom wall pictured on page 122 of the nearly
eight million copies of its latest sales catalog. They believe
the offending word —— the most common Anglo-Saxon
term for sexual intercourse — was sneaked into the catalog
before printing. “Tltcre is a‘word in the backgrourtd, brtt
it’s very, very ltard to see." spokesman Ken Darre said
Wednesday. “it slipped by tltc proofreaders attd everyone
else because unless yotr're specifically looking for it. it's too
vague to tuake out." The full-color. full-page advertise
ntertt for bedspreads on page 122 says, “Create a dramatic
bedroom setting." The word appears near the reddish-
browrr, ﬂoral bedspread and brass headboard, apparently
scratcltcd ittto the negative by art employee of one of the
photographic studios that prints the catalog. “i believe the
cntployec irt question has rcsigrted, but not a thing cart be
dorte." Darre said. “We will apologize to artyortc that calls,
of course. but otherwise. we’re handcuffed. Attyway. l
doubt whether it will have any long-range effects." The
sales catalogs, one 01' the 12 isstrcs annually by tile retailer,
were settt ottt about two weeks ago. Darre said the problent
was first brought to Montgomery Ward's attention by a
ettstorttcr who called artd asked about it. “There haven’t
been many others,“ he said. Several years ago, Sears.
Roebuck and Co. was similarly embarrassed by a men's
underwear advertisement irt ortc of its catalogs. A shadow
itt the photograph made tltc model appear to be aroused.

DArel’
tummy 11,1 980

 

 

On February 4 or 6.31 workshop called “Money. Money,
Money" will deal witlt the SA budget and how groups may
be budgeted. it will be held from 7 pm. to 10:30 p.rn.

“How to Make Your Group Work Effectively." a
workshop to be held from 12:30-5 p.rtt. on February 9, will
deal with various aspects of group organization.

Marathon Ain ’ t Easy F ootin ’

This is it. This is the rnontent of sheer endurance. the
tinte to show your true strength. This is the ultimate test.
Telethon’s Dance Marathon to be held this weekend. star-
ting tonight. will have dartcers gettin' down for 24 hours.
lust swaying back n’ forth is considered dancing. Prizes
will be awarded to couples collecting the most money. so
put on your dancing sltoesl

 

Cultural Combination

The heating of drums. Chinese calligraphy, falafel . t. .
sounds like a tttixttrrc of cultures, hulr'l And so it was. Ort
Wednesday. irt tlte CC lobby, the First Artttttal Cultural
Festival was held, with a‘variety of activities to stimulate
cross-cultural awareness. r

Fuerzrt Latina. .lSCAliillel. the Pan Caribbean Associa-
tion, and ASUBA were atttorrg the groups exhibiting
musical talent, dancing skills, and cottklrtg spat-rallies.
among other prcscntrttions.

According to SA Vice President Tito Mrtrtiucl. the event
was art attcnrpt to ttrritc “all cultural factions tu SUNYA,"
and a step toward “strengthening intercultural relations."

Apparently. the cvcrtt was initiated its at result of cultural
and pollticrtl tension on campus.

\ .

 

J

 

........,..,...... -.. .-..._.. - v...

a o~w«0.--.--.n win-IWDI-F.Ill-hwptv-vannvmv-
» . -- -9. ...- .-...~--

--_--......»-4-..--.... . . . _ _ _ __ _ .

 

 

 

.unuvuau'tun-tun.
.a......-- —...

 

.... ...u.-...ss-.-‘-...----.--..- '“"'"'""""-ﬂuﬂ

J

 

 

 

February 1, 1980

 

r v. Albany Student Press 

 

Law School Applications Delayed '

 

E TS Camputer Problems

by Andrew Carroll

Law school applicants can expect
a six to eight week delay in applica-
tion processirtg due to breakdowns
.md delays irt the installation of a
new computer, tlte—‘Educational.
l‘esting Service (ETS) ltas announc-
ted.
Law schools are being informed
of the delays. however, and dearts
are taking into account the cont-
putcr foul-ups, according to li'l‘S.

The delays were disclosed follow—
ing art inquiry by Mark Alan Siegcl,
Chair of the Assembly Cornntittee
on Higher Education.

A Princeton._ NJ. based ETS
-.pokespcrson blames its new $1
ntilliort contptrter for the delay. The
:ontputcr is part of the Law Scltool
Data Assembly Service. which sum-

ntarizes information from college
transcripts. scores front ETS ad-
ministered Law School Admissions

Test and distributes applications to'

law schools.

The service would normally begin
application processing in
September, btrt the computer was
trot programmed effectively until
tltc end of November.

As a result of the late start. delays
are expected to continue through
March, the application deadlirtc at
many schools.

Educators and students are ex—
pressing concern over law schools
which re‘view applications on a
rolling-admissions program, ' in
which applications are evaluated as
they are receivetl.

“l have no idea wltetlter law

SUNY At Stony Brook Has
New Drop/ Add Policy

by Rich Kraslow

SUNY at Stony Brook's newly irr—
stitutcd and cfficiertt drop-add
policy has received the interest of
both SUNYA students and faculty.

The policy which was im-
plemented for the spring semester at
Stony Brook now includes at period
tollowirtg [ire-registration as u tintc
.tudents may drop nrtd add courses
tor the next semester. I

The policy also eliminates the old
requirement of having to obtain a
faculty signature on a drop card ex-
cept irt the departments wlterc stu-
dcrtt enrollment must be closely
monitored.

The old policy was revised
because of the occtrrrertce of forgetl
\ignatures on drop cards. ltt addi—
tiort, long lirtcs were formed on the
last day of drop-add. according to
SUNY at Storty Brook‘s Registra
William Strockbirtc. I

“it was difficult to enforce drop-
.rdd regulations when there was so
little concern irt getting real
.ignttlurcs." Strockbittc said.

"Now, only certain classes such
.rs lab and field courses require

signatures and if signatures are
forged the student is brought to tltc
judicial committee.” he added.
“Students may rtow drop or add for
seven to eight weeks after

prercgistrution. They rtre allowed to ‘

make changes as long as they do not
add classes which are closed.”
"The feedback on the policy
front students and faculty has been
good." Strockbine added.
SUNYA Admissions and
Academic Concerns Director .lint
Milcltcll took interest irt Stony
Brook’s drop-add policy and said
he would present it for considera-
tion at tltc Central Council meeting

Wednesday. Mitchell added that if ‘

favorable rcactiort is received, it
would be followed up l'ttrtlrcr. “It
sounds like an innovative idea." he
added.

In order for this proposal to
become policy it rrtust first be ap»
proved by the Corttrttittce on Ad-
mission and Academic Standing. It"
passed, the proposal would then go
to the Undergraduate Academic
Council (UAC); finally, the pro-
posal would be voted on in the

schools ltave received my applica-
tiorts," says SUNYA senior Mike
Levy. "Because of the slowdown,
the applications l'd completed and
[mailed in December have no advan-
tage over those mailed by someone
last week."

ETS officials ltavc sent letters to
tpre-law and law schools informing
them of the delays. George Rollin
of liTS said, “The deans of those
schools are taking tltc delays into
account. " Rollin added that deans
are aware of those applications
which should itave becrt received
first. and will process those applica-
tiorts fairly.

ETS also said staff has been in-
creased artd applications are being
processed faster now than they have
ever been.

SUNY Stony Brook‘s " ,,‘

 

  

Senior Mike Levy says his applications are affected.

"The applications I CUMﬂ/L’Md‘lﬂ’Dl’t‘Wﬂ/Jt’r have no advantage. ”

William Stockbinc.

AC Direclar Jim Mitchell is interested in the idea.

University Senate.

SUNYA Admissions artd
Academic Coneerrts Cltair Robert
Frost said there is'now a proposal

(Photo: Mike Farrell)
before the comntittec which would
‘require that students obtain
signatures from their advisors when

 

by Mark Flschettl

“it‘s the biggest tron-issue ever
created." That's how SUNYA
Political Science professor Roman
Hedges described the possible U.S.
boycott of the 1980 Olympic Games
irt Moscow. ,
_______________.__

A News Analysrs
_____._.—-—-—————-

Within the past week the U.S.
Senate. House of Representatives,
and the U.S. Olympic Committee
have all voted in strong support of
President Carter's proposal to
transfer or cancel the 1980 Summer
Games, and to boycott them if
Soviet troops are not withdrawn
rront Afghanistan by February 20.
l980. SUNYA’s reaction to the
possible boycott is strong and diver-
siﬁed.

In general. Political Science
Department members interviewed
said a boycott would have little ef-
fect on Soviet actions.

“ideally, the Olympics are‘
separate from politics. but un'for-
tunately they are now being used."
said Political Science professor

 

 

 

Steven Eric. I I
“We are adding to the bastar-
:—

dization of the ideals," he said.
“There are many ntuclt more effec-
tivo ways to tell the Soviets we do
not like their actions; economic,
technological, and political."
Hedges “explained that most
Americans now favor a boycott due
to a world attitude built up for

.some 30 to 40 years.

“Nowadays, the view is that
every world event, big or small, has
to be addressed by the superpowers.
Everything is a test. A test of the
U.S., a test of Carter's resolve, so
we have to react," he said.

“We (the U.S. and the Soviet

Union) are both capable or arr-v
nihilating each other. We either do
nothing in response to Soviet inva-
sion of Afghanistan or make them
believe that it's so important to us
that we'll'do something that will
cost us. Then they'll back down,"
he said.
‘ Dick Sauers, head coach of
SUNYA basketball‘ disagreed.
"Something's got to be done. The
boycott would make a great loss of
face for the Russians. We've got to
teach them a lesson." '

Sauers added that the best solu-

tion to future political problems'"

h Olympic Boycott: SUNYA’

with the Olympics is to “mch the
games to a pcrrnanertt site irt
Athens. This would stop a good
deal of the problems."

Track and Field coach Bob
Munsey was more concerned with
the “ideals of the games."

“Nowadays the Olympic ideal is
hogwash." he said. "We‘re putting
on a spectacle pitting one country
against another. No score is kept.
but we keep score."

As far as the boycott goes,
Munscy stated, “lfhe (Carter) real-

< ly means business he should take

away Russian visas to the games ml
the U.S."

When asked if Carter's boycott
proposals would have any effect,
Munsey simply replied, “Oh, hell
no."
Student reactions were also mix-

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 

‘ﬁrst, then athletes." . -

 

 

 

dropping a course.

8 View

ed.
“1 think it’s insane for the
government to tell the American
athletes what to do when they don‘t
even support them,” said
sophomore Fred Kuntzman.

“They (the U.S. government) are
reaching lor something. They have
to do something to show the public
that they’re not just sitting back,
and this is a handy escape," he add-
ed.

Senior Greg Haesler said, “Our
boycott will set‘ a precedent.
Anytime anyone disagrees with
another country's policies or ac-
tions. they’ll pulLout of the games.
Let’s leave the Olympics out of it."

Those students who said they
supported the boycott wisired to re—
main anonymous.

“Keeplng the Olympics separate
from politics is idealistic." one stu-
dent said, “but it's no longer that
way." She added, “Athletics Is very
important to the Soviets. it's
something they take a lot of pride
in. Perhaps it (the boycott) will hit
home.” , .

One student summed up the pro-
boycott View. “They’re Americans

 

  

      

(Photo: Jay B. Cissy”)

Music
License
Contracts

Expire

 

Fee
Increases
Expected

by Robert Gordon A
SUNYA's contracts with three
major music performing rights
societies have expired artd chances
are an increase irt royalties fees will
be included in future agreements.

Two year eornracts with ASCAF,
BMI, and SESAC expired on
December 31. and negotiations are
underway to draft new agreements
according to SUNYA Finance and
Business Vice President Robert
Stierer.

However, a substantial increase
in royalty payrttertts may prtt a
burden on all SA funded groups
sponsoring aanusicttl organization.
Mayfest, an annual spring rock
concert co-sponsored by Concert
Board, will be among events af-
fected by the irikc.

Contracts with the organizations
were first made effective in January
1978 after the 1976 Copyright Act
was instated. Prior to this act,
higher education institutions were
exempt from paying royalty fees on
all music performances.

As a result, both SUNY and
SA have been paying royalty fees to
the licensing organizations. in addi-
tion to the performers fee.

SUNY has paid over $1500 to
ASCAP. This ﬁgure does not in-
clude separate fees for each concert,
which is subsidized through admis-

sion charges. SA provides $1000

and more to individual performers.
according to Stierer.

Sugar-added that the expected in-
crease will place a burden on both
SUNY and SA budgets. However.
actual increases have yet tto be
negotiated.

Spokespersons from BMI and
ASCAP have stated no copyright
infringement action will be taken
against the university.

SUNY may ask for an increase in

,the $1000 ceiling on royalty exemp-

tion. but the licensing organizations
will issue other foe increases to off-
set SUNY'tI request-

The American Council on Educa-

tion, representing higher education -

leonllltued on past-'11”,
_.__.__.....__.__—

 

J-  9 .v

.x-

 

 

