 

 

~le 1;...“ ..

)ttl‘ll 'tr-e"

 

'Wottld Capsules

 

 

Hostage Debate Continues

(AP) Iran's Parliament. the Majlls. failed again today to
reach a decision on the fate of the 52 American hostages
after a debate of nearly slx hours and will resume the
discussion Wednesday, informed sources in Tehran
reported. A Tehran Radio broadcast that the United
States was lndulglng In "wishful thinking" about the
debate..“They are now bragging about the imminent
release of the hostages." it said after the session. “This
is a rumor with which they want to gratify themselves."
Continuing the secret debate that began Sunday. the-
228-member Majlls met for four hours in the morning,
recessed for two hours for prayers. and then met again
in the afternoon for nearly two hours. No meeting will
be held Tuesday because It is a religious holiday. But the
. parliament will meet again Wednesday to continue the
debate. Like today's meetings, it will be a special session
since the regular meeting thys are Sunday, Tuesday and
Thursday. “It is not clear when a decision will be reach-
ed on the hostage issue." aspoltcsman at the public rela—
tions ofﬁce of the Majlis and before the morning ses-
sion. Tehran Radio reputed the Majlis also discussed
the war between Iran and Iraq at the morning meeting.
Two factors appeared to beatending the debate. which
some reports had suggested would be resolved in a single
day. One was the wave of optimistic rumors from the
United States of imminent release for the hostages.
which a Tehran radio broadcast today implied was a
form of pressure on Iran. The other was Iran's bat-
tlefield losses to Iraq in the 36-day-old Persian Gulf war.
lranian officials have accused the United States ofsidlng
with Iraq in the conﬂict.

Iraq Holds Iranian Port

BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Iraq said today it had tighten-
ed its hold on the Iranian port Khorramshahr and Iran‘s
leaders acknowledged the city's situation was "critical".
Pars. the ofﬁcial Iranian news agency. said officials in
the nearby oil refining city of Abadan had lost all con-
tact with Khorramshahr, located on the eastern coast of
the Shatt cl-Arab waterway leading to the Persian Gulf
some 400 miles southwest of Tehran. After a meeting
with Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in Tehran on Sun-
day night. Iranian Prime Minister Mohammad Ali Rajai
and Parliament Speaker Hashemi Rafsanjani told
reporters Khorramshahr's situation was "critical". Ra-
jai said in a staten'rent broadcast by Tehran radio that
Abadan's situation was “somewhat better" than Khor-

' ramshahr's and said “the aggressors have superior
firepower in this region." A broadcast Iraqi communi-
que said a “desperate enemy attempt" to ltalt the ad-
vance on Abadan from the east and front the north was
“destroyed in a quick and decisive battle." A Tehran
radio said later Iraqi forces tried to cross the
Khorramshalir-Abadan bridge behind an artillery bar-
rage but ran up against stiff resistance front dichard
Islamic revolutionary guards.

U.S. Warned on Aid to Iran

MANAMA, Bahrain (AP) The United States would
“precipitate a very grave oil situation" and alicntttc the
conservative Persian Grrlf states it' it lillcd tltc settles in
the Iran-Iraq war by supplying Iran with military spare
parts. Arab officials and oil industry sources on the Ara-
bian peninsula warn. Most Arab oil officials ruled out
the possibility of another oil embargo. Brit they
predicted Saudi Arabia and other Arab oil states would
call offthe production increases they are planning to of-
fset the cutoff in exports from the two warring gulf na-
tions. “We would reconsider orrr oil production policy,
with a view to exporting just enough of it to meet otrr
financial needs for economic development, and not in
any way to help those who deliberately hurt us.” said an
official in Kuwait.

Another high-ranking Arab oflicirrl who refused to be
identified said the Arab gulf oil states would be
"intolerany offended" if Washington helped non-Arab
Iran against Arab Iraq. "Anti-American feelings
already are brewing in the gulf region. with some Arab
governments producing more oil titan they should. only
to help out the non-Communist industrialized nations.“
he said. “These governments have been raising their
production levels against the wills of their peoples who
do not see the United States worthy of assistance or sym-
pathy by the Arabs."

 

 

 

 

 

 

Correction

The Friday, Oct. 24 rrrriclc "Putting the Crunch on
Nestle Co." by Frank Gil incorrectly stated that the Nes‘
tle boycott was not against all of the company’s pro-
ducts. INFACT has organized the boycott against all
Nestle products.

Gov’t Overpays 0n Tapes

Boston (AP) A prominent acoustics ﬁrm that helped
analyze the 17 and a half-minute gap in one of the
Watergate tapes has agrred to plead guilty and pay a
$500,000 ﬁne for allegedly overcharging the federal
government, the ﬁrm announced Monday. The firm,
Bolt, Beranek and Newman,,gained national attention
for its Watergate work as well as Its study of the gunfire
that killed President Kennedy and the shootings in 1970
at Kent State University. The criminal charges. filed in
U.S. District Court, covered dozens of projects con-
ducted over six years. Moat of the work was preformed
for the Defense Department. However, one of the
“overt acts" listed in court documents as part of the
alleged conspiracy was: “on or about Dec. 18, 1973, the
defendants caused to be sent BEN invoice No. 9112 to
Judge John J. Sirlca. U.S. District Court. Washington,
D.C." The prosecutor declined to elaborate on this en-
try, but at that time. Richard Bolt, one of the firm's
partners, was one of the six acoustics experts who
analyzed the gap in President Nixon’s White House
tape. The experts concluded that the gap was caused by
several erasures and apparently was not accidental.

Bishops Upset With Pope

VATICAN CITY, Italy (AP) Pope John Paul 11’s reaf-
firmation of traditional Roman Catholic teachings on
birth control and divorce without any hint that they are
open to discussion has disappointed bishops calling for a
new look at the issues. “Even before he sits down to
study the proposals. he‘s pre-empting the field," said
one high-ranking Rome-based priest who asked not to
be identified. “A cynic would say you didn't need the
synod for that. Some of the bishops are pretty disap-
pointed." The 216 bishops who ended their month-long
closed meeting Saturday reaffirmed tltc church's ban on
contraception but asked for what one bishop called a
“more compassionate approach" to Catholics who defy
the ban. and what another called "a much deeper study
of sexuality". Tltc synod. which presented a secret
document of43 proposals to the pope for his considera—
tion. also reaffirmed the church's ban on divorce btrt
asked for ll “new and far-reaching study" to consider
allowing divorced Catholics who rcnrarry to receive
communion.

Zaire Coup Thwarted

LUSAKA. Zambia (Al’) Zambian security forces have
'trpturcd nrore titan 40 heavily armed men from
neighboring Zaire who planned an attempt to overthrow
the Zambian government. President Kennth Kaunda
said today. Kaunda told a news conference at least three
high-ranking officers in the Zambian security forces
were involved in the cotrp attempt and that it was back-
ed by white-ruled South Africa. Kzrunda. who has
govcrtrcd this southern African nation since its in-
dependence from Britain irt 1964. also said there were
two people in his government who “do not deserve to be

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

called Zambians." He did not name them and did not
elaborate. He said the men from Zaire had split into two
units — one operating from Chilanga south of the
capital and the other from the copper belt in northern
Zambia. He said more than 10 of them are still at large.
The president said early this year he received informa-
tion that a former Zambian businessman. Elias Kacnga,
was recruiting Zambian dissidents and Zaireans from
Katanga Province to overthrow him.

W. Germany Helps Afghan

MILGRADE. Yugoslavia (AP) The Afghan delegate to
UNESCO who publicly turned against his government
and denounced Soviet activities in his country will be
granted political asylum in West Germany. West Ger-
man officials said here today. Ambassador Barthold
Witte,'head of the West German delegation said the
U.S.-educated Afghan. Akhtar Mohammad Paktiawal.
had contacted him four days before he openly denounc-
ed thc government of Babrak Karmal at the General
Conference of the United Nations Educational. Scien-
tific and Cultural Organization.

Milk Price-Fixing ’Conflict

NEW YORK. N.Y. (AP) The state attorney general has
announced that he is looking into charges that milk
distributors througltout the state have forced retailers to
sell milk at fixed prices above wltat is considered not-
mul. The inflated prices are allegedly maintained by i1»
legal agreements among wholesalers not to Compete for
each othcr's customers. stale Attorney General Robert
Abrams said Sunday. As a resttlt. Abrams said if tlrr-
retailer tries to charge less tltart the stated fixed price. thc
wholesaler can impose selective price increases upon that
store. make irregular deliveries. crrt off milk supplies. or
take other retaliatory actions, and the retailer would be
unable to switch to another supplier.

Castro Pardons Americans

HAVANA. Cuba (AP) Thirty Americans pardoned by
President Fidel Castro were to be ﬂown to Florida to-
day. but three others were staying irt Havana.
presumably to escape prosecution at lrotne. The U.S.
Justice Department chartered an Air Florida plane to fly
the freed men to an airport near Miami where relatives
were expected to meet them. U.S. security officers were
to 'rc aboard the plane —— “after all. score of these guys
are experienced hijackers." said a diplomat at the U.S.
diplomatic mission in Havana. American officials in
Washington said some of the returnees would be ar-
rested on hijacking or other charges but would not say
lrow many. Cuban and U.S. officials refused to identify
the three men who cltosc not to go home but said they
could remain irt Cuba or go to a third country. About 10
of the 33 are alleged hijackers. Most of the rest were
convicted on narcotics charges after their boats or
planes were intercepted in Cuban waters or airspace and
Cubtrn authorities allegedly found marijuana or other
drugs in their holds.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Campus Bniefs

Are You a Pinball Wizard?

l‘inbrrll wizards can test their skills. suvc money for
Easter Seals, and possibly take home it pinball machine
at n tournament ut the Nortltwuy Mall November 15.

The tournament will run front 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. at
The Timc~0ut Center. and participants ctrrr win
trophies. T~shirts, free game passes. and the grand pr'i/c
“Alien Poker" pinball machine.

The dcadlinc for registration tltltl obtaining sponsors
is November I. Call 434-4103.

Ghosts and Goblins Arise

  

Do you want to see a foot goblin? Il' yotr don‘t act
frightened easily. you can. ~

Telethon '81 is sponsoring a Halloween party for the
children of the Parkhurst Children's Shelter in Schenec-
tndy and N.Y. Special Olympics Area 10 on Friday in
the CC‘ Assembly Hall.

SUNYA students. with or withour costumes. who
wish to donate their time to the children cart stop by the
Assembly Room between 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. i

Following the party. the children will be taken trick-

 

Lor-trcating through the donns.

SUNYA Student Jailed

A SUNYA student was recently sentenced by Albuny
L'ounty Judge John .I, (‘iync to tip to seven y ‘ttr's in
prison for criminal sale of u controlled substance. third
degree, uccording to am October 21 "Hitter-Union rrrticlc.

Mrrtthcw Luudzrto, 20, of Norrltport. Long Island.
rulmittcd selling 100 hits of the substance to it Colonic
irndci'covcr officer on May 13.

Despite defense attorney Irtt h'lcndlcson's plea for it'—
nicttcy for his client. Clync noch that he “took no
plcrrsrrr‘c" irt sentencing the 20-year-old student. btrt tlrttl
Incarceration wits ncccsstrry.

RPI Frosh Faced Arrest

'I'hc Rl’l freshman who has bccn missing for m‘L‘t It
mouth was facing an arrest warrant art the tirrtc of his
disttppcttrttncc. according to the It’trickerlrm'lrt’r News.

'I‘roy dctcclivcs report that Thomas McMrrhorr.
reported missing on Scprcnrbcr' 22 by his roorrrntutc. hurl
been arrested Scprcrrrbcr I til it tlcpttt'ltncllt store in Troy
lor' stealing tr sttrplcr worth $1.79. The detectives \11)'
they only recently discovered that McMahon did not rcs-
pond to arrest wrrrrants issued on September 2 tltlti
September 10 by Troy Police Justice Edward 0. Spain.

The police and Rl’l security officers have made on c.\»
tcnsrvc sertrch iii and around the campus rtrcrr for
McMahon. inst seen in his dorm roorrr Scptcrrrhct 22,
Detectives said McMahon sccrncd tlcspondcnt just
before his disappearance. They said his parents wcrc
recently divorced and his father hrrri undcrgonc rr leg rrrrr-
putrrtron.

'When last seen. McMahon was wearing a maroon
wrndlrrcnkcr. brown pants. and sneakers. He is describ-
cd‘as 5 feet. 9 inches tall. about [50 pounds, with red
hair and a fair complexion.

 

Allyonc with information about McMahon is urged to
3”“ rmy Police at 270-4411 or RPI's security ot'l‘ic at
270—6611.

October 28, 1980

‘ Erick Runs for Commoti‘Counc

Albany. Student Press

 

St. Rose Senior Chosen by Citizens Pdrty

by Ken Gordon

A twenty year old College of
Saint Rose senior is up for election
November 4 for a seat on the
Albany Common Council.

Judy Erick is a write-in candidate
representing the Citizens Party,
which approached her soon after
the October 9 U.S. District Court
Orders gave college students the
right to vote in the community.

Enck is rutmirrg for the 12th
Ward seat which was vacated when
Democrat Dave Sawyer resigned
tltrec months ago. Tltc Citizens Par-
ty considers her a viable alternative
to what she terms “The Democratic

by Wayne Pcercboom

CC Assembly Hall.

among faculty and students.

 

   
   

Stutc (‘rtulition for Peace incl ir_t_h_l_’
The coalition discussed [sun's r'rtltt‘i

 

r r
Students and Faculty
Discuss Senate Structure

The last of three frictrlty~sprtrrstrrctl open meetings to discuss the
future of students on The University Senate was held last night lit the

According to Senate Committee on Nominations" and Elections
member Robert McFarland. the rricctings were held to allow faculty
its well as students a chance to express their opinions on the
faculty/student composition of the senate. MCFtlt'llllld sititi tltcrc are
several proposals on the composition ranging from Ito stutlcnt
rcprcscntution. varying degrees of student input. umiutcnuncc of the
current composition, or possibly abolishing the entire Senate.

Only seven students and faculty uttcntlctl lust night's br‘icf meeting.
The prcvious two meetings lrarvc hurl rt combined trttcndcncc of up-
proximulcly twenty faculty and students, according to Faculty Corri-
rnittcc on Nominations and Elections mcnrbcr Kcntlttil llirr. llirr said
that "one of the aspects of this issue is it considerable degree of apathy

Birr said that “over the lust dccrrdc students have been cortrirrrrcd on
the senate on the basis of an annual or semi-annual votc." b’lL‘i‘tIl‘iiIlILl
said that at Scnrrlc Study Committee will present rt composition pro-
posal for the faculty to vote on in the spring.

 

Machine" of Albany politics.

Enck says she recognizes the dif—
ficulties that students were faced
with in registering in the college
community for this election. but she
feels that in 1982 there will be a
rrtuclt greater chance of a student
being elected to public office.

“The decisions which the local
governmental bodies make directly
affect our lives just as they do
unyonc elsc‘s. Students pay propcr«
ty tax and sales tax in Albany.
Students financially support local
businesses. Students utiiirc local-
scrviccs. Students should vote in
their college communities." says

 

 

'I/Ith' tlI'trft I't‘\f\/tlllt‘t'.

Enck. .
Erick has been irtvolvcd in politics
throughout her student life. She is
presently vice-president of the Stu-
dent Association at CSR. a member
of tire Executive Committee of
NYPIRG. and organizer of the
Albany Women's Alliance.

“1 have lived in the 12th Ward
since 1977. attd do not see tlre'imany
critical issues facing the community

. being adequately addressed." says

Erick. “Major issues which directly
touch the lives of all residents are
being ignored."

A priority issue that concerns Ijn-
ck is the status of the Security Or-
dinance proposal. The ordinance
was proposed early this month its a
possible solution to tcrntnts who livc
in utrsul‘c apartments.

"The Security Ordinance will
serve us :1 dirch answer to it serious
problcrrr by advocating such things
its dcud bolt locks on doors. attic-
qrtutc cstcrior lighting sccurc witt-
rlows. exterior rrcc rbic doors
which allow lltr.‘ occupant it view of
the uteri immediately outside the
door. clc.." srrys Erick. "The fact
that the proposed security or-
dintrncc has not even come up for :r
cornrrrittcc vote is a mockery of the
legislative process and cannot be lg.

 

noted."

Other issues than concern Erick
include the Auti-(iroupcr l.rrw
which strrlcs thru it gtoup of tour or

.

 

v

Citizens Party Candidate Jud Enck

  

 

photo: Will Yunnan

Slrc r'IIIp/rasizes .rludenl [)0 wer and concerns.

more unrelated people may not live
in the some apartment. Erick favors
rcp -uling this law.

Erick also favors revisions pro-
posed in the Security ()rditntncc
tltut would cull for better cnl‘orcc-
tncnt ol' Certificates of Occupancy
that state whether the building is
safe for occupancy. Enck would
like to see these ccr'til'icutcs postctl
irr ull apartments.

In addition to these loculi/ctl corr—
ccr'ns. Iirrck ugrccs with the foundri-
lions of thc (‘iti/cns l’rtrly pitti-
for‘ru. This plrrtform includes such
things its the elimination of tire use
of nuclear powcr. rhc cwundiug of
Icscrrrch in :lllt‘tlltllt.‘ energy sources.
the rttloprion of tire IRA. and it
foreign policy of pcrtcc and iron-

Peace Coaliti0n Meets

.lt.l‘lrrl

"run... knr or“...

 

SUN Y Trustees Want $1.03 Bil.

Money Needc For Sa

by Nora Kirby

'l‘hc Strttc University Ilourd of
'l'r ustccs proposed n 1981 ~tl2 budget
of $1.03 billion on Wednesday
which constitutes u $15.li million in—
crcttsc over the 1980-81 budget.

The Willi-til SUNY. birdch tottri-
cd $889 million which iucludctl
$747.9 million front the stale.

SUNY will provide $127 million
-'l'rom its own rcvcnuc tltld risks the
store to provide $903.4 million ac-
cording to SUNY Vice Chancellor
for I’inrtrrcc turd Ilusincss Ilurr’y
Spindlcr.

SASU President .lirn Stern said
he doesn‘t know lrow Carey and the

Legislature will trcut llrc proposed
budget. “The figrrrc might scent rib-
srrrd but the money is ncctlcrl for it
low cost, qrrulity cducrrtiorr in New
York strrrc." suid Stern.

In rm article in Thursday‘s
It'lrir'ktfrlrrrt'lrt'r News. SUNY
(‘irrrnccllor (‘lifton \Virrrrton, .lr.
sand the requested irrcr'crtsc would he
used for fixed costs such as srrlur’y
irrcrcuscs. irrcrcrrscd costs for
utilities and supplies tltttl critically
needed btrildirtg repairs.

The board rcqucstcd $163.4
million in cttpilrtl construction
funds. Last year. SUNY uskctl for
$124 rrtillion in construction funds

 

Iaries, Supplies, Repairs

and rcccivctl $47 million, suitl
Spirrrllct.

Stern said the time has come for
mrruy rrccdctl building r'cprtirs tlllti if
the money is riot put in now the
rcprrirs will crtd tip costing rrrorc iii
the future.

An added $2.9 rttilliorr in
operating funds to support the in—
cr‘rrscd‘cnrollurcnt is included in
the budget. .

Tltc Board of Trustees submitted
the budget to the stttlc Division of
the lirrdgct which will organize the
governor’s bttdgct proposul to be
submitted to the legislature this
January.

 

 

by Ilurhnru Sritiutller

A mccling of the Strrtc (‘oulition
for Peace. consisting of rcprcscn-

trttivcs rrl' scvcrtrl sltrtc schools. 'trs
lrcld inst Surrtlrry afternoon in tire
llurrrrtrrirics Iluiltling.

Though there was it lowcr' tur-
norrl tlrrrn wrrs cvpcctcti. those who
did trttcrrd discussed lmmc impor-
tzrrrt issues concerning drul'l
rcsislrrncc.

'l he coalition \’tl.\ tlcscribcd us (I
network of rrnti-tlrrrl‘t campus
groups throughout the slrrtc. rrccor-
ding to SASll Organizing Director

llrucc ('r'ouin.

According to SUNYA I’L'ttcr: Pro-
ject mcmbcr'. Duvitl Drugcr. tlrcrc

.trrc now :rpproxirrtrrtcly 3t) collcgc
groups from stttlc. city. and privulc
collcgc currrpuscs irr lirc network.

The purpose of the network is for
quick corrrmunicution bctwccn net—
work groups us well its exchange of
various strategies, ideals and
literature. The possibility of It

network-wide rrcwslcltcr was :riso
discussed.

Mrrny students who did trot
register for the draft or who plrrrt to
do so fear that their urrmcs muy be
divulged to thc Selectivc Service
through school crrrollrrtcrrl records.
According to I)rrrgcr, it is not clcrrr
whether the Family lidrtcrttiorrrrl
Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 will
rrllow schools to give out such
numcs without sttttlcttl permission.
He also added that Vice President
of Student Affairs Dcuu llrown stritl
that the Selective Service has not yct
made any requests for the rnrmcs of
SUNYA students.

“They won‘t be trblc to stun
drafting people based on wlrrrt they
have now." Cronin said. “About
one million people huvcn't
registered."

Onc strtrtcgy discussed was the

formation of II legislative Alert

intervention including an end to the
arms race.

“As a student leader. community
organizer. and political activist 1 am
deeply concerned with the one-J
party political structure which
domintttcs lo ".tl policy-making and
can hardly be called it democracy,"
comments Iinck. “Many critical
issues which affect the lives of
Albany residents are being ignored.
The Citizens Party which I repre-
sent. and the personal drive and
convictions which I possess. rnukc
trtc tr vinbic ultcrntrlivc for voters to
turn to."

The 1211i Word encompasses
Mrrdisou Avctrrrc to llrudford
Avcturc between North Main and
lake.

at SUNYA

System so that if there are tiny rtcw
tlrtrft luws pending, the groups in
the nctwork could quickly alcrt
cuch ollrcr and begin to exert
pressure on various senators and
cortgrcssrrtcn.

“Also discussed wits the publica-
liorr of it complicin stulcutcnl sign-
ed by students illltl faculty stating
that the undersigned have not and
will not register for the draft and
would aid otlrcr who felt the same.

According to Drugcr. “Every
complicity strrtcmcnt says that we
know what the Sclcctivc Scrvicc
suys and we know 1th wc'r'c litrblc
for tip to five years in prison, but."
he added. “if thousands sign these
statements, they couldn't prosecute
everyone."

“No wrry could they prosecute
even one percent of the draft
ms 5. They don't have the
money, and it would be politically
unwise. They're just using intimida-
tion tactics," Cronin said.

 

 

Thursday,
October 30

is the last
day to drop
classes.
It’s hell
from then

on in!

 

 

 

 

-,.o.‘..‘.

 

 

