u

we- "nae re.
“ﬂu-«3.4% ,

i
t

t
'r
t
\

 

by Wayne Peereboom

Dr. PhilipTompkins said he will
not return as Rhetoric and Com-
munication _Department Chair
when his term ends in August.

Tompkins. who ltas been chair
for nine years, said his term ltad
énded in 1977, but at the request of
the university he agreed to remain
as the chair with the understanding
that he would be replaced after
three years. "

According to RCO professor, Dr.
T.J. Larkin. the departntent had
made an offer which was not ac-
cepted. so interviews will resume
this week to find a replacement.

Tompkins came to SUNYA irt

SUNYA Students Nabb'ed

by Whitney Gould

Charged with possession of
stolen property, tltree SUNYA
students were arrested Saturday
afternoon by Albany City police.
The students reportedly stole rt

. A'VARCO Tompkinsto Leave~

:1971 as the ﬁrst official chairman of

the former Rhetoric and Public Ad-

dress Department.

\While the department started out
with only three to ﬁve majors Tom-
.pkins said the department now has
between three and five hundred ma-
jors. He added that there is such a
demand for classes that tlte depart-
ment had to institute a pre-pre-
registration to assure rttajors needed
courses.

Tompkins said SUNYA was one
of the first universities itr tlte court-
try to offer a thetoric artd Corn-
ntutticatiott major.

When asked about the startding
of SUNYA's department in corn-

Marinc Midland Moneynratic Card.

Preshpersons Michael Greene.
Ronald Sltohcy. and Teresa Hill
were arrested at 2:25 p.m. at the
Marine Midland Bank on Western
Avettuc. The three suspects alleged-

Cobleskill Student Dies in Fall

A 20 year old SUC Cobleskill student was found dead
‘Tuesday morning as the result of a 30 foot fall from a loctil

bridge.

parison to similar departments in

the academic world. Tompkins,

said. “it is the informal consensus

of the faculty that it is the best in ‘

the East.” adding that he feels “it
is probably the'best faculty in the
country."

A dean had ortcc said. Tompkins
continued that the measure of a
department’s quality is how often
the faculty members recieve cont-
peting offers. This year. 50 percent
of the department's faculty were of-
fered positions. he said.

Being a textured tnetttbcr of the
faculty. Tompkins said ltc may stay
or) at SUNYA irt tltc fall as a full-
timc professor. He said he has been
seriously cottsidcring an offer from
Purdue University. “i won't know
for a while what 1'” do." ltc said.

For Theft

ly attempted to obtairt caslt front a
Motteytttatic Machine with the trsc
of the stolen card. when they were
spotted by police.

According to Lieutenant Murrrty
of the Albany Police Department,
the Moncyntatic Card was reported
stolen on Saturday by a SUNYA
studettt.

The trio was arraigned Monday
tttortting in the Albany Public
Court attd will be brought to trial

 

by Lillian Pearsttll

culating on campus. according to

pills recently circulated at SUC-N

at New Paltz.

However. Student Health Serv
“there seems to have been quite a
of quaalude related complaints. N

Student users of the quaaludes

1

a pill at tctt o'clock one nigltt. rep
but that his “memory stops arour

ltontc.

A female student. who also too
like l knew what i was doing." bu
a strange man late at night. I

The quaaludcs are described a

 

L'lcntnton 714" stamped on them

Security has not yet pressed charges
because the arrest was made off-
cantpus. A decision will be tttadc
later this week.

chighau said there were also
reports of two or three jackets
stolen frottt students attendittg
Telethon Saturday. bttt would ttot
make any connection between the

Dangerous ‘Ouaaludes’ At 'SU NYAW
Bad quaaludes containing PCP or strychnine are currently cir-

the pills. Descriptions of the quaaludes reportedly match those of

of students sufering serious side effects. ‘

~ SUNYA Public Safety Director James Williams said lte "hasn’t
heard of arty incidents here" related to the taking of tltcSe quaaludes,
and knew of thertt only through the ASP article aboUt bad quaaludcs

blackout or sotttc reactions to PCP. Onc male studettt. who took butt

up the next afternoon at two. unable to rentctnber ltovv he even got

They are white, larger titan aspirin, have shiny surfaces. a‘ttd have

SUNYA students who have taken

ew Paltz, where tltere were rumors

ice Director Dr. Janet Hood said
little flurryvin the last two weeks"
one. though Were serious, she said.
reported effects sitrtilar to alcohol

orted that at first lte felt very high.
rd twelve midnight." and lte woke
k only half a pill. recalled "feeling
t rcntembcrs gettittg ittto a car with

5 “looking professionally made."

 

with a break irr tltc 4. all similar in)

description of the New Paltl. quaaltrdcs.

Coats \vere itt SUNYA yesterday
and reutovcd the remaining jackets
which were rtot reported stolen to
Security.

Tlte unttattted source said the
parents arrived sometime yestcrd;
and forced Dutch Qund's Stuyvc.
strut-Tower Director Rick Millet to
open a roottt irt Scltuylcr Hall. The

 

Gary Augustine, a senior itt tltc Fisheries and Wildlife
program. was found at 9 a.nt. under the West Main Street
Bridge, which connects tltc railroad and the Village of
Cobleskill.

According to Schoharie Courtty District Attorney Roger
Mallory, Augustine was walking alone to the college. after
celebrating his birthday itt town earlier that rttorrrirtg, when
lte apparently fell front the bridge.

An autopsy perforntcd at die Scltolturic Couttty Corn-
ntunity Hospital indicated that Augustine died from inter-
nal bleeding and a ruptured spleen and kidney.
' The body was apparently ttot bruised.
Augustine was not hit by a trairt.

Mallory said there was no evidence of wrongdoing, citirtg
the student's injuries were consistent with his fall.

-— Leah Kruklnowskt

indicating

 

   

 

 

Anourvrd Campus

 

 

Book List Deadlines

Tltc newly forrtted Bookstore Committee is currently
working on deadline dates for professors. Acvording to
Committee member Patti Turner. the gtorrp is uttetttptittg
to stress deadlines for submitting book lists. 'l‘euclrct's must
have suntnter lists itt by April 1 urtd full lists itt by April 15‘.
“If you've takcrt l’oli Sci courses. you know teucltcrs hand
irt lists notoriously late." said ‘l‘urucr.

He added that students cart only rcccivc at 50 percent
rctttrn on used books if the store knows whether books will
be used the following semester.

Library Adds ASP to Index

An index to the Albany Student Press front 1977 to the
current issue has now been completed. The Urtiversity Ar~
chives also announces that. in conjurtctiort with its continu-
ing effort to complete its index to the ASP. significant sec-
tions of the index to two other student newspapers of the
University at Albany and its predecessor colleges. the State
Normal College attd the State College for Teachers. are also
now available. These two newspapers are the Normal Col-
lege Echo (indexed from 1892 to 1899) and the Slate Col-
lege News (indexed from 1916 to 1939).

Student newspapers are a valuable source for insight ittto
student life and the activities of the entire institution. The
prepared indexes to the ASP, Normal College Echo. and
the State College News should greatly facilitate the use of
these resources. The ASP index. for instance, will allow
almost instant access to the events and activities of the past
several years.

The indexes are available in the Uttiversity Archives. a
part of tire University Libraries. For information on the in-
dcxcs or any other archival material. contact Edward Oet-
tirtg. University Archives. at 457-8562. The Archives are
¢rcatcd ltt the basement of the Library.

 

today.

According to SUNYA Public
Safety Assistant Director John
Henighan. the “circumstances we
know are sccottd hand". SUNYA

 
  

Former Justice to Speak

Arthur J. .Goldberg. fortttcr U.S. Associate Supreme
Court Justice. ltas been selected to speak here at this year's
cotttrrtcrtcerttcttt exercises.

Goldberg also ‘scrvcd as U.S. Permanent Representative
to the UN. with rank as Ambassador attd as Secretary of
Labor.

According to Senior Class President Dave Weintraub.
Gttldbcrg was chosen front a list of 150 prospective
speakers by the Speaker Sub-Committee of the University
Connncttccmcnt Committee. "We're really happy to get
him." said Weintrnub.

Weintraub said a survey was takcrt itt Scptetttber of tire
senior class to solicit stttdcttt interest lll spcnkcrs. Most

.votcd for rt prominent and well known individual.

Weintraub said tltc Committee. composed of six students
ttrtd fuculty. checked on spcttkcrs’ availability and cost. He
added that the University allots $1500 for speakers. but the
senior class matched them $1500 this year. Goldberg is
costing $3000.

Weintraub would ttot reveal the names of the other pttssl‘
ble speakers.

No-Nulce Delegates

Over 200 opponents of nuclear power in New York State.
ittclttdittg SUNYA students. have been registered by the
Campaign for Safe Energy and NYl’IRG as delegates for
the April 27th Congressional Caucuses. which will elect 192
delegates to tire Democratic National Convention. While
the delegates will be pledged to vote for either President
Carter or Senator Kennedy on the first ballot. tltcy will be
free to vote for anti-nuclear resolutions to be ittclttdcd in
the Democratic National Platform.

The Campaignfor Safe Energy was organized lit the early
primary slates to raise the question of nuclear power and
to pressure each of the candidates, iii the Democratic and
Republican Party to support a three—point Safe Energy
platform: a commitment to renewable energy sources. a
moratorium of the licensing of any nuclear power plants
and the development of a federal plan for the rapid and
orderly phase-out of existing nuclear povvcr plants.

“Our campaign efforts. besides educating the public and
the presidential candidates on the problcttt of nuclear
power. are also intended to make any politician who sup-
ports nuclear power pay a political penalty for that deci-
sion." explained Paul Maggiotto. Albany Coordinator for

the Campaign for Safe Energy and SUNYA NYI’lRU staff
member.

Halsey Named Dean

Richard S. Halsey. who joined tltc State University of
New York at Albany faculty itr 1973. has been named Dean
of the University's Scltool of lerrtry and Information

incidents.
The ASP

however. that the parents of those

allegedly involved in stealing tltc

adults allegedly took the coats ttt
their hontes.

Miltcr refused to comment on the
allegations.

learned last night.

Science. N

In addition to his academic duties. Halsey is President of
the New York Library Association Library education sec-
tion, artd is a special advisor to the New York Library
Association‘s legislative cotttrttittce.

Halsey. who cante to Albany frotn the Urriversitv of
Toronto. is the author of Classical Music Recordings/or
Home and Library, described by reviewers as "tr lucid.
jargon—free gtttdc for organizations and individuals con-
certtcd with collecting. organi/ing. playittg. artd caring for
sound recordings."

Halsey. 51. was bnrtt in Los Angelcs. He received
undergraduate dcgrccs frottt tltc New England ('onsct-
vatory and Simmons College. atul ltis doctortttc front Cttsc
Wcstcrn Rc'-rve University.

As art active tnernbcr of tire American Library Associa-
tiott. Halsey has served as chairman of tltut orgrtni/ation‘s
reference and subscription books review committee. He
also is a member of the “Booklist” editorial advisory
board. ttttd the Dartmouth Medal Award Committee.

Halsey has held the position of chief of tire audio—visual
department at Washington University libraries irt St.
Louis; Director of Learning Resources at University (‘in
Schools itt Missouri. and information scientist at the (en-
tral Midwestern Regional Educational Laboratory.

He was on the faculty of tltc School of Library Science at
the University of l'orontn.

 

Law Applications Delayed

v

Law School applicants are advised that tltc eight-v ck
delays itt processing Law School Dilltl Assembly Service
(LSDAS) reports. caused by the late delivery of a new corn—
pttter system. have been rcdtrccd to two weeks —- tltc Icvcl
cxpcricrtced itt tltc past at this tittte of year.

Because earlier delays slowed tltc decision process it“
sortie law schools. the Law School Adntisison Council.
sponsor of tltc LSDAS. has rccontmcndcd that the earliest
deposit deadline date of law schools be extended from Apt i1
I. 1980. to May I. Will). individual law schools. however.
determine their own deadline dates. _

As an additional measure. the LSDAS has also asked law
schools to verify that each school has all the information
front the LSDAS necessary to cotttplctc its admission deci-
sions for the year.

More than 275.000 LSDAS reports have been produced
by the system so far this year. according to Educational
Testing Service. which administers the LSDAS for the l.t|\\
School Admission Council.

The LSDAS was bcgtttt itt 1970 at the request of law
schools. Its purpose is to summarize information frottt col-
lege transcripts. test scores frotrr the Law School Admission
lust and other biographical information used for evalua-
tion by law school admission offices

Students who are faced with spccrttg problems involving
LSDAS reports are asked to write to Law Programs.

 

 

 

Newtown. PA 18940. J

 

 

 

"March 25.15586

 

Binghammn ’3 Press Threatened

 

Issues With Controversial Editorial Snatched

A SUNY Binghatnton newspaper

lashing ottt at Wednesday's student
A strike. has sparked heated opposi-

tion between the school's student

government and the press.

Art anti-strike editorial. printed
irt last Friday's Pipe Dream. ltas
becotttc the foctrs of controversy
which almost cost the paper its Stu-
dent Assctttbly (SA) funding.

Although strike organizers.
wishing to keep the event out of the
public eye trntil yesterday. persuad-
ed the paper to hold the article.
tttctttbcrs of the editorial board
decided to go to print.

However. when the paper was
distributed on cutttptts Friday.
5.000 were allegedly “lifted” by
what tltc press calls pro—strike sup-
porters. ’

'fwo strike organizers. believed to
be tltc thieves. ltuvc been question-
ed by university police.

According to Pipe Dream Editor-
in-Clrief .lttnc Stone. SASU delegate
(it‘cg Gumina and concerned stu-
dent Stcvc ’ttschttll. pressured the
paper ‘l‘hursday not to print the
editorial. claiming it would lrtrrt
strike negotiations. Despite the re-
qucsts. Stone artd tltc editorial
board decided to rtrtt the letter.

Stone Went on to say that later
Thursday evening. an emergency
meeting was called by SA during
which a vote was taken to freeze
Pipe Urea/nit funds for Friday's
issue. In addition. it was suggested
that tltc prirttcr be contacted and

by Patricia lirrtnlcy

\CI')‘ illll

  

litttt."

 

n

.plc.

 

rSA VP Martinez Angered W
Over No Resignations

“The investigation done by the Special Presidential (‘onnnissirrn
was u vvustcd job." said SA Vice President l'ito Mttt'tittcl. “because
their findings were igrtorcd by Central Council."

“I strongly agree with the findings of the ('rrmmission. I believe
that \\’cinstock. Lafayette. levy. and Mitchell should resign, l mu
v' with the decision made by (,‘cntrul (.‘ouncrl ltr L‘L‘ttsttlt‘
Ihcin “llccttuse of their violations. out cntue vrt'gani/attion is falling
ttpnrt." he said. “ l ltctc is no one vvillinr- to tukc u strong \l:llltl and
everyone in looking to save tltcir ovvu ttcv‘l«.s instctul ol the ott'utri/tr

\lutttnc/ silltl. "I illllL‘L' no one on S:\ ts rrtepluccnblc and lllk"~k‘ in
vlivirlttttls ltu\e not been cffccttvc all year. It l\1|t'cL‘\‘~it|) for [is to use
the time before the rtcvt election \visclv. \\'c must IL'\lttlc rtv'vlibility
Lto our otyuni/ution ntul see that ll ts crptippcd \\llll responsible rico-

ttskcd ttot to put the paper to press.
The vote was defeated 9.8.

SA provides one-third of Pipe
Dream's operating budget. ttccor»
:ling to News Editor Bruce Afran.

Stone said the paper wrts publish-
:d and 7.(X)0 were released at l pm.
Friday. By 2:30. at lettsr 5.0(X)
copies had disappeared.

Afrart said later that day the of-
fice received culls frortt people cul|~
irtg themselves rttctnbcrs of the
"Pipe Dream Libero/inn .11 witty"
and cluittrittg to have the issues.
“We don’t wurtt your paper
polluting ottr campus." said one
caller. according to Afrnn.

Pipe DI‘t'tIIH offices were vundali/cd
on Saturday although no connec-
tiorr has been made to the tltcft.
l’ttscbttll and (ituninu were cited
as tttc allcgcd L'ttlpt'lts by Stone tllltl

Afrun. both of who claim witnesses -

saw the two lifting tltc papers, l‘hc
two were apparently questioned by
Uttivctsity police. The pitpcl has
pressed charges.

Both (ittntinu and Pnschttll said
they ltuvc not been contacted by
Security and refused to comment on
tltc paper's disappearance.

A source. wishing to remain
anonymous. said tltc bttlk of the
stolen papers were discovered
Saturday afternoon itt alccture hall
lavatory und in a library corridor.

(Juntina said the strike called for
a statewide rttlc which said no
publicity on the evcrtt vvrruld be
released until yesterday. He added

 

Ire was upsct.that the editorial was
pritttcd and that “it was against
cvcryonc's wishes."

He added that Thursday's
meeting was called to “find ottt
what was going on" with the paper.
“if Pipe Dream is to prittt anything
libelous or slanderous. SA '
responsible. We discovered that
Pipe Dream did not overstep its
bounds." he added.

SA Vice President David
\Visttcwski said lie was trot against
Pipe Dream's decision. adding that
SA's executive branch was against-
tltc motion to freeze tltc paper's
funding.

He uddctl. ltowcvcr. that aside
front tire SASU delegates. many SA
members organizing the strike cv-
pressed conccrn over the editorial.

2

. 1 Albany Student Press” ‘ w

 

..,........~... ,.....«...

\
He said he tried to' "persuade"
Afrttn to ltold the editorial for two

. Thursday 'about

"hours. “i was not censuriug the ‘

paper. It is my legitimate right to ’

persuade them not to print.'.’

“I think the editorial was a sham.
Poirtts were rtot only stretched. but
they were outright lies." added
Wisnewski.

He said that because the papers
have been stolen. the issue has
become more serious.

Pascltall said lte believed the
editorial v'as not printed “at an ap-
propritttc time." citing negotiations
still underway between SASU attd
state legislators. He added that the
paper run an article on the strike
lust fucsday. which only briefly
described the plans.

lint. said Paschall. this article
allegedly protttptcd a call by a [luf-
fan legislature to SASU who said
he would rtot submit to blackmail.

He said ltc approached Stone two
weeks ago about the strike and ask-
cd 1th to keep it ottt of the paper.
“She said she couldn't promise
because she never promised
.tnytlting to anyone.” snid l’tts‘cltnll.

.,v...-...,..,....

Page ‘l‘tii-é'e

Wherr‘ he discovered. 11 am.

the editorial
Paschall again asked Stone not to
print.

SASU Cantpus organizer Bruce-
Cronin negotiated with..6.fran to
hold the editorial and Managing
Editor Michael Fittr was apparently
opposed to the article front the
start.

Although Stone said she would
run tlte editorial. said Paschall. she
did say the strike supporters could
print a counter-editorial. This
privilege was later dettied. -

Paschall said when the papers
disappeared Friday. Pipe Dream
tttcrttbers xeroxed the editorial and
posted it all over campus. They
issued art ultimatum which called
fora return of tlte‘pupcrs by 8 a.nt.
Saturday or legal action Would be.
taken. The papers were not return-
cd said Pascltall.

Saturday ttigltt. dttring a campus
carnival. two petitions were cirv
culuting. one calling for it rcfct‘cn-
dtrttt to vote on ceasing SA funds to
tltc paper. A counter petition vvnv

mil/inner] on page five

Telethon Hits Record $43,180

by Beth Sexer

“It gets bigger. better. and more
beutttiftrl every year.” said Mayor
'tstus Corning at tltc opening of
SUNYA‘s 'l‘clctlton '80 Friday
night.

And Corning was right. because
'l‘clcthon ‘80 rcCordcd $43,180 at
the close of the 24-hour stint. Sittcc
tltert. Telethon Treasurer Eric Block
said they received almost $1.000
rttorc "and the money‘s still coming
in." He explained that people are
still turning in walk-a-thon. dance
marathon. lilitl raffle money.

“The amount we raised by far cx-
cecdcd all my expectations." Block
suid.

Tltc largest fundraiser was the
$4.150 raised by ruffles uttd door
pt izcs. The vvirtttcr of tire one-week
trip for two to Jamaica wns
sophomore Corey littndcs.

()thcr pt i/cs were a stereo system.
a one-year membership to Nautilus
(‘cntury 11 Mail. and a Viv'itru'
pocket instaututtic camcrn.

()tlrct fundraisers throughout the
year included bittltdtty cake sales.
the thutcc marathon, tltc walk-n.

 

llttlll. two ttvcd book cycltttnpcs tttul
Afternoon at tile lints.

Afternoon at tltc llnts. ltv-ld lttsl
l‘Itttrstlatv. was attended lvv 750
students. ()‘1 lcttltt‘)“s. \V l 's. 1 amp
l’ost. long liranch and Prunk‘s
livingroom used tr total of 3‘) kegs.

afternoon brought itt $1500 for
l‘clcthou.

During tltc course of the 24-hour
I’clctlron. between 4.000 attd 5.000
people were itt the ballroom. (fo-
cltuir Sttt (iruskitt estimated that
about l.200—|.S(X) people attended
the first hour.

()pctutiuns ('ltuir Punt .losephs
sttid “Operations run very

smoothly. About Jot) people stuffed
such areas as security. food. stage
crew. and ticket sales over tltc 24
hours."

Proceeds from l‘clctlron ‘liti will
go to tire Wildwood School for
Developmentally

llundicuppcd

    

-l.(l(l()-.i.lllll) pm'lrr'r/ Iltt' lull/room.

Alcohol Policy: Booze vs. Welch

Set-mu] o/un .Il/lnmy Stntlt'nl I’l’l'SX
scrim (Ion/tug u-i/Ir I/It' problems en-
countered Irv SUNYA .\'llltlt'lll.\' in
tl.\\‘tlt‘ltllittll with the I’itl/nr/n /Itl//
(lot-nullity lII I.ltll(/llll|'lllt'. 'I‘lu'
ltu'rlI/r um clover] Ill l)t'l't'llll)(‘l'.

by Aron Smltlt

Alcohol rtbttsc. vandalism. pct-
\vtltttl privacy. public responsibility.
While the unvwers have not come
easily at SUNYA. nll scutttcttl‘. of
the llttt\L‘I‘\ll\' connrutnity have
l't't’ttlllt' incre stngly nvvnrc ol rt

   

 

 

dilcmmn faced by college campuses
cvcrywltctc.

()nc attempt to deal with the pro-
blcttt uccurtcd lust lull. when
University Senate and SllNYA's
Office of Residences npptrrvctl :t
policy to lllllll alcohol crrnstrtuptivut
nt rumpus panties. I'lrc lllllttlllll of
ulcoltol permuted nt \ttv'lttl L‘\t‘ttl\
tuking plncc lll public .trcus til v'nm~
ttlt‘v was limited to 40 ounces of
beer. lilottnccs of wine. or .i ounces
t1 “lttutl” liqttru per person.

lotnrcr tt'sltlv'ttls o1 l'tttrnun llnll
‘lnim that this prtltty vvus v'tttotccd
ll their dormitory ttttlv‘lt more an.
Int't-tttly tlutn it wnv un-cnntpttv
vtllvl often lit up llllilllitl'Y manner.
Some sllltlv‘lll‘v lt.tvt' r|l\tI claimed
that former l’ittmttn llull Director
Mike \‘v'clclr vvcnt bcyonvl these
guidelines tlt monitoring student
alcohol use at lltL‘ facility.

“It was stringent." suitl
sophomore Punl 'l‘ruvcrs.
"University policies were followed

 

 

very closely H maybe too closely,
llc |\\'c|c|t] was doing his jolt. bttl
nutybc lie was doing it too well."
“It was like living with your old
tttut." said senior Pqu thttlcn.
‘.~\ltmttu (Jttntl is within vvttlktnt'
ltstnncc ol six ttl seven burs. lint no
rllrrvvuncc vv.ts made for the fact
but l'iltmtut ts isolutcd ill 1 undon-
.rllc."
Wclv'lr |t‘t|lt|lL‘(l residents plann-
ing puttics lll which :tlcoltoltc
bcvctnt-t-s were to be served to sub-
ttltl request Iotms in advance.
stttlltty' Inc ttttttrttttt til litrttvtt [it be
tnvrrlvctl.
“\nvtlrtnr' river
and we turd tr- till one out.“ \itltl
senior Nick Visbcvk. "We were yet
tintr ltrtsslctl lot out filling out
It‘ptrtls for parties itt ttttl rooms.
The University .tlcrrltol policy hurl
stipulated that Ito tcvtt ictions would
be placed on pnrtics confined to
rooms or suites.
"Welclr lied to us! You can

t rub-c til ltt't'l.

 

tlltt\\|l in beer it] your own room if
you vvutn. if it doesn't flow trtll itrto
the hull." \llltl Vl’tn'dcn. “llc lied to
us. lor the “N two semesters. ltc
blttlnntly llL'tl to us. l’ltcn tltc
students Ivrtrnd out that he had no
lll'lll to hinder privntc pttrtics itt
rooms."
\Vvlclt Denies beg St'ilttrc

Former I'ittntun llllll t'csidenls
cite an incident. occurring at n dor-
mitory llnllvrvvcen putty. lll vvhiclt
\\'c|ctt .‘tllcr'ctllv ronl'ivcntcd one of
four keys of beer. According to
\'isltc‘L‘l\. \\ t'lv'lt ltrv'lvt‘vl lltt‘ kt't‘ ltt
lltv' director  .tptutntcnt illttl rctut n
t’tl it to students the ne\t day

"Many students claimed that rt
had been reduced irt its quality
because it had not been udcqtttucly
chilled." said \\'urdcn. "He had
given us prior permission to use all
fottr kegs, Whut gave lrittt tltc rlgltt
to confiscate that keg after he had
given permission for its use irt
writing?"

 

(." ldtctt and tile SUNYA Chapter
of tttc liig llrother Sister Program.

Ctr—chair Stir (iruskin said.
“'l‘clctlton is a continuing effort
and a big part of our success is due
to tttc effort of people of past
l'clctltons and the work tltcy pill in-
to it. We try to evpand the ac-
tivities...und add to tltctn. We ltope
that the ideas we introduced will be
expanded upon itt the years to
come."

L'lrildrcu‘s llour Ctr-chair .loy
Prefer added. “After seeing the
smiling faces of the kids. tltc hard
work of the WM months made it all
worthwhile."

 

’l‘elctlton was most successful this year.

Il’ltolu: .l/tll'lv’ .\’tul/r'r;

“llcjttst felt that we Iturl cnuttgn.
so he ltlttl\‘ it.“ sttitl sophomore
.lonnn (‘tu‘ndontuL She c\plnittcd
tltnt \\’c|clt ‘uttl established a policy
tnrdcr \v niclt any kcus not tapped by
| tr.m.. even it' ptcvtously :nunoril-
cd. could not be used. “Aftcr l. he
didn‘t wattt to open it new keg.“
she said. “i guess he felt it vvns too
late. A lot of people were very mild
ttbottt it."

“He was using his owrt personal
policy, yet he clrtintcd tluu be “its
within his rights us it dorm direc-
tor." vuid Warden.

.WcIt-tt denied confiscating any
kcg from residents.

Drinking (‘ltrrsed Downtown

According to \'isbcck. tltc ullot<
ted amount of bch' for .t dormitot .‘
l‘ll|l\‘ ttlucc turntlcrs of :t full key
for l‘ntmnn llttll's 75 residents)
would Inst no more than -l5
minutes. curtstug students to trttvcl
to downtown Albutty burs.
\\'cckdttys, itch were totally pro-
hibitcd from the dormitory. he \ltltl.

“ There were a lot of 20 year old
guys living there." said former Pitt~
tttart resident Raymond Remy.
“ they don‘t want to hear that kind

cuntinrwrl on page four

 

 

