  
   
   

 

 

   

~ April Fools. 1980 x. WASPectson Fooisday . , ,_ _,_

 Somewhat » g -
Splashecl Slightkv

You've heard of Elvis. Joe the Man. Blon- Wen-know" sepl‘ardlc Rabb‘ and talk Show

April Fools Day

‘

 

AWFULLY STUPID PRESS

 I I Boy, Did the Guv Ever Screw Up!

Pagina Citatro

.._, throw».-

Now to the show itself. No one knew what

. u“-.._~_»"‘ _.,.. .._

Governor Hugh Carey, calling ‘
his proposal to cut SUNY’s budget
by $27 million “a little mixup”.
told a crowd of 15.000 angry SUNY
students that he really meant to in.
crease the budget by that much.

Carey explained, “it was just a
little mistake in arithmetics when l
was balancing the budget. i thought
it was a minus sign.” he added
apologetically. “l was a political
science major and I didn't have the
time to take a lot of matli courses."
he explained.

getaway from the governor's mart-
sion. but found that both his
helicopters were being refurbished
in his favorite colors. maroon and
green. “i just want to make sure
these kids are able to get as good art
education as i got. especially in
mathematics." added the governor.

Organizer ot‘ the event Jim
"Hopper" Morgan says the group
is next planning a march on
Washington to demonstrate Presi-
dent Carter's plan for draft registra-
tion. “We have’a strong feeling that

 

die. thg Heads. but headlining last night at
J&B Scrotts might be called the biggest splash
in the new wave. in fact. the name of this new

\The New Wave. but they are commonly refer-
'red to as Loretta by their fans and as The

and vanguard group'is The Biggest Splash ln

Sh-tfaces by their immediate families and
those who know them well.

Swiggit Mateuse

T.B.S.l.T.N.W._. or Loretta. or Sh-tfaces.
brought a new definition to rock music. Their

 

to expect except that It would be new. but the
newness of this new group was newer than.
many had expected. After making a bored
and listless audience wait an hour and fifteen
minutes while
washing. and waxing the rather filthy stage
area. the band finally picked up the tools of
their trade. I

There are five members of Loretta. each an
avowed Catholic monastic from Idaho or Ohio
(they slur their words for religious reasons).
But contrary to preconceptions. their music is
relatively free of ecclesiastic dogma. Brick A.

hand when he finished just standing around
making weird noises.

Now" and it was an incoherent rocker sup-

host. Filling out the band is the fifth member.
Just Stan. who stands around a lot and makes
Weird and apparently senseless noises during
the show. much to the dismay and annoyance
of the rest of the band. all devout Catholics.
The first song of the evening was a solo by
dust Stan. He didn't sing and there was no
musical back-up. but the audience really ap-
preciated Just's efforts and gave him a rousing

The second number we

 

A plctur of Chat
5 entitled “Why night‘. that-ionmtnks' a out fo
after the show and then never again.

 
   

After a fifteen minute version of the Beatles’

     

posedly about. autobiograpltlcally.
T.B.S,l.T.N.W.'s decision to enter the rock

1

performance roused the audience to an
orgiastic frenzy and one young woman had a

Brack is the lead singer and guitarist and his
brother. Cracked. plays lead electric har-

   

Thc SUNY students gathered
“Why Don't We Do It in The Road?" in which

from all over the state for a “Cut

the President meant registration for

 

Carey‘s Throat. Not 'SUNY‘s
Budget" demonstration cheered
Carey's atinounceiitent. Said one
SUNY Albany student. "lt kirtd of

people borrt irt liloOand liibl.” said
Morgan. When asked. Morgan said
he didn't think the fact that the
group was holding President
Carter's daughter Ariry hostage in

Due to his goof-up. tltc (.‘im-rrnir

-e|iminated his proposal for a St.tlttti

endowment fund. lrislcrid lit-‘s uh.
ing each student ti grand until llt'\f
week. Ahoy

 

hysterical pregnancy. giving birth to an imA
aginary illegitimate sort whom Slit} named
Loretta after lllt.‘ fathers.

scene

at this particular time. Brick at one point

Sprig Bunderbud bangs a mean
rhythm on bass guitar. and keeping the pace
on drums is Buddy Rich. no relation to the

monica

said. .
was the kind of song. and it was the kind of

"Why now. why not later or before?" it crowded ,

new lyrics were added (“because the bus was
. . because we crashed the car . . .
continued on page eight

w.‘ . .....~._.,..~«

     

signing t'lll‘l'k tor

gives you faith in
again."

Carey denied accusations that lie

was planning on making it quick

democracy

l-ltrinariirics Ltd on the SUNYA
curiipus had anything to do with
this feeling. ,

 

httpp) SUNYA ctr-ed. I cit:
Thousands molt downtown Album
for their slittrc.

SU N YA to Be Blessed With a Nuclear Plant

by Clark Kent

Plant Deptirtiireiil Director Dcii-
iris Stevens has refused comment on
plans rccently uncovered by the
ASP to build a nuclear power plant

 

Present], r t/l‘t‘fllll/"Milly.

on the SUNYA campus. The coir-
I'ideritittl report was leaked to Ilrc
ASI’ by a disgruntled l’iant Dcpait-
nicttl employee (a former resident
of Harrisburg. Pennsylvania).

  

l)t. igner Pierre ('ardin
Alum-s il‘rlllI/Ul't’l/ It'fltll Iri'
Inn/curl Ilkr'.

tor ts set [it be binlt next to the gym
in place of the ill—fated ice skating
rink that is presently uncornplctcd.
Stevens was quoted in tire report as
saying “We didn‘t want to put
students in ti dangerous situation by
building all ttnsitl‘c skating rink; so
when the plan for the reactor carirc
to iriy attention l jtiriipcd til the
chance to rrrttkc the of the area by
the gym in a safe way.”

President ()‘l.cttry was quoted in
the report as saying. “The building
of the reactor would ptrt Albztn_\
State right back on top of tttc
SUNY system. No more lillk’ ol'
‘tichiciiiig less distinction than iiuf-
l‘alo or Slutty Brook. Sure we don't
hint at titcdictil school or fun
school. lint do Stony lirook or tinf-
fttlo tune a nuclear rcricror'!“

The report gtics on to point out
the many benefits that thc reactor
would bring to SUNYA. With the
money stncd by tttc rcdiiccd fuel

costs as a result of the reactor. the
school would. among other things.
have enough money to build a long
riccdcd second water tower on the
podium. and a new indoor track
ric.\t to the gym. The fact that the
track's closc proximity to the reac-
tor would force runners to wean
protcctiic lL'iltl suits when using it
was such as a iiiinoi dctriil.

Stevens dismissed possible
ha/ards resulting from a mishap in
tire reactor by pointing to the fact
that the way SUNYA is built makes
it it perfect shelter in case of tiny
reactor problems. The tunnels and
concrete riiakc the podium a perfect
fallout shelter.

The administration cxpccts some

degree of student |1ltllcxl ian .t\
Dean of" Studcnt Altair- \‘crl
Brown states in the report. "1 ilnni.
students will come around to our
side oticc they see all ltic Lou.
Alter sortie initial ticgritiic rc;n liiill.
ltltirik students will come to .cv ihc
reactor as it normal part or the
university coiiirnnnity. cvcn .‘r «l.tlll\
symbol. something hi \i\
students cart brag tibout to men
t't'icnds tit Ivy League sLlIH-il
Brown dctiicd reports that inc
cancellation of tire showing or Inc
China Syrirlrmrrt'” and durum» tip
of plans to ctacuatc j‘lx‘i‘lmlll
women from liic SUNYA aim li.t'.t‘
anything to do with the l)llt|ltt‘~l'tl
r-actor.

 

( UAS. . . your food will surface 1

Menu of the Week

lll this «let tion year. a more tllHltt‘ilt’lill .nnl
Ullllllit'lU movie couldn't lirtk’t' been released
Vet United Artists. wholly mindful of neither
ltl'ﬁlU iior timing. lnivc rliv irriinitrrrotcd grill to
ptt'scrrt it) lltr' pirliln linrrzrr (int-s to
Wltlsftlllgfllll. o nlrlLlLlllii. rirsrptrl piccclof jmsli.

Slim Dickens

The movie stars \‘ctr'riin actor Ronald
licognn in the old pint lie was always well
\illll’tl for. its the .rlisiJnI iiiindt-il l’ilrfrissiir
Winky Silvcrlnunr. /\~. wits typical of the otlicr
lion/ii cprrs. l’rrif. biltt-rbi'on is .it first (“'3'
pt'eln'risrvc olitntl tlrr‘ ckirhettmt. 27 lb. sunnitt
interruption of his rpnct. profcssiirial lift'.
livcnttrally. the little ripe [)lrly‘) a decisive hlllld
(of contend) it) solidifying tlic professor's iti~
ltlllltlllﬂli for the dowdy. but attractive
schoolinrirk. Doris Klitcr. artfully played by
Britt liklrinrl  illltl llic l\\/l) are married (what

 

else?)

Like the recent blockbuster Strpcrrriarr and
other modern renditions of old classics. Boriw
has been updated and beyond the confines of
good taste in the opinion of this reviewer,
After Winky threatens to leave Doris and their

A Bonzo in the hand is wort

gonzo Ge 0 ainaton

r

h two to

   

spare .celluloid on the editing room floor.
Reagan. though still quite virile for his age. is
noticeably awkward in the sack and lacking in
finesse at the age and at the art of sixty-nine.
Later. Doris. unable to stay enamoured of the

professor, runs off and proceeds to defy

    

iBuh. '

zo is granted to the sedate and responsible
Prof Silverliean. Doris. profoundly depressed
over the court's decision. withdraws front all
political activities and seriously considers a sex
change operation. On her way to
Copenhagen. Doris is approached by the local
organizer for the liiglil»to~l“lt3iglit party. a
group sympathetic to people under five feet
frvc. Doris is told that she will have the support
of the Right tol‘leiglitcrs in the upcoming“
presidential primary. provided that she name
Bonzo as her running mate. i
Mctitiwliilc. Prof. Silverbean. a shrewd '
political tticticion and no mental midget
hntiscll. begins to assess his chances for the
presidency rising Boom for his own selfish
ends. Fully aware of Bonw's strong support in
the Midwest. an area inhabited largely by
lower primates. the professor initiates his cam-
paign with the help of the cute little monkey.
The team easily wins in every state primary.
but the movie loses credibility when there is a
i ' - - . tie on election day and Doris. Winky. and
mm' “‘0in pm' and vioms Democranc m n Bonm are pitted against each other in a run—
loci?)Flair:'11-‘5a33L5‘jﬁagpy couple's separa- off in the House of Representatives. After
‘0 o I ’ 'A . . _

tion. Borizo1 takes a turn for the Worse. Doris “1mm: “Lballlul'bfl’l’: :lUfi'Egtslzbszjg13f’l‘gg
crusades for the Equal Rights Amendment ac'ualyfwmr’l‘euf :5 Bl“ ” hvl' Doris and

and the idea of Britt Ekland doing anything‘yorung  0 'Cc' cam” “-
Wrnky kiss and make up and the movie ends

    

 

 

idyllic college town in Southern California aging
following a little tiff. director Milos Forcsltin iii-

cludes zi rccoticiliatory bedroom scene that

Mon.
The Quarter Otiiiccr
Drench lirics

every moral code the strict and domineering remotely intelligent approaches the ludicrous. Wm] a” “"88 0‘ "mm marching 0“ m me

Winky had imposed upon her. In a matter of There is more controversy to comegjhovagvcr. WNW House for (he Inaugural Ba”.
-. . » ' ) Oll' .

has an affair. an tibor- as Doris sues for divorce and custo y 0 conunued on page mg,"

'i‘htirs.
liiditiii Trader with Hone)

We. Couldn’t Figure Out

twenty minutes. Doris

. “.ng< m H A

 

 3r“. F? ~ feamzms

i3
g}

  

What the Hell to Title This One

by Aron smitt-

l’opc John Paul it held it solcmn
Midnight Mass at the Vatican
icsrciday. marking lltc first known
ncrrtioii ol' SUNYA cttst of tire
l..l.[i. The ceremony corti—
mcrttoinlcd llic pttssing of the
"Drop Dead Linc 89.3.” so named
for the Administration Biiilding's
famous Drop Dead Line. The lirtc
began forming as early as 2 a.iii.
Friday, when an enraged mob of
SUNYA students broke ittto the

building. demanding to drop
School of Business Professors
Harold “Boom-Boom" Cannon

atid living Renewal liotiawitl. (from
the Stuyvesant Tower Penthouse).
Tire only officials available to
negotiate with the group were SA
Vice President Tito Martini and
SUNYA Vice President llell N.
DesMoincs. DcsMoincs explained
that the two were “working late."
as she straightened her lapel.
Students then pitched tents and
rolled out sleeping bags iii the first
floor corridor while awaiting the ‘)
ii.rn. opening of the Records Ol't'i ' '.
Fire was set to the lobby's plastic—
dorned representation of tire up-
town ‘arnpus, and the drtippcrs
amused themselves by toasting mar-
shmallows and staging it “drop par-
ty." One dropper. who risked that
her name be witltltcld to protect itcr
innocence. clairtrcd the substances
dropped included little white pills

    

marked “l criiiin 714" and \L'HL‘ll
on hlttc llii\l cards.
in the past. Sl‘M .\ sitidcnn
littvc stiiiiiisctl Itrtil tln' tcirn “Drop
Dead | inc“ referred in tttc Itth that
those who tlcsiic to drop it course
alter this ditlc can drop dead. l‘ll-
day‘s trritorltirititc iiicidcnt.
houcwi. hits slictl sonic light on the
tnctiniin- of this ancient rite of spl-
ing. As driuri approached. the lirtc
extended our of the building.
traversing the length of tire podium.
wrapping itself around Mohawk
Tower. and ending in the murky
swamp known as tttc icc skating
rink. l"litllty's for ly-dcgrcc
temperatures. trailed by local media
as a heat wave. defrosted large sec-
tions of the swamp. rind cruised the
contents of lltc rink to float to the
surface. A group of five or six very
tall students in tin: curl of tlic lirtc.
identifying themselves only its
“Loyal l’orcvcr in Arbor liiil."
discovered the ghastly sight of it‘ll
skulls sloshing around in tltc lllllL‘.
“Wcll. kiss my grits!" exclaimed
Anthropology Dcpnr‘trncrit (‘lrriir
Sardcttn Rain. "it's the must
perfectly preserved archaeological
site since tlic Ltiiit‘crt tnr pits." Rain
indicated Ilic sitc Would be cx-
cttvtttcd by graduate students. if llic
dcptti‘tttrcirl is still around after the
initich ii. cttt how this rtrorilli. 
'l‘hc skulls are believed to repre-
sent the unsung. students of past

years who actiutlli did drop \\:tl|lllf.‘
to drop. Whilc the traced) liars
ilccply slrockctl ltic l lttt\cr on corn
nitniity. many han- bccn I‘ll/llL'tl
.r\'ct why the h").2 Itittc not [men
missed. A |\lL'llllllll:ll) L'rtltlllt'l'\ re
quest itldit'ttlcs with unit lltt') ncic
riicrnlicrs of Student Association.

“Jesus ('hrisr!" tcllcil I'ltriu
Department spokcunttu Stiriiimtlirr
Stevens. “I It’llt'it' I'd find
something to do with that goddinn
rink! Wits that on the record?"

According to Ruhr. llrc onlv
briikcri skull discovered. thought to
represent .2 of a whole one. did not
belong it) a student at all. l‘hc re-
mains are actually those of ii
mouse. he said. who apparently
bectunc lost on its way to Writer-
littt'y Hall and stumbled into the
swamp late at night. Alw l'otiiid
'WtH'lt titty ‘l‘-sltii't bearing the pit/Il-
trig inscription “lilil’.”

'l'hc skulls will soon be rctirrncd
to SUNYA from the Vatican, viii
l’rcsidcnt Vinccnr ()'l.eiiiy's private
jet. Air Force 12223. A brief on»
:ariiprrs funeral service will he
presided over by (Henry l'irttr‘s-
lay, and burial on the hill licliiiid
(‘ltapcl House will follow. The
:lioir will be composed of members
.rt'u local (illl Scout iiortpc. singing
“.My (ircrtt liig Brownie Smile};
this event is funded by Strident
Asstrcittlitrll.

   

Sell/,cr l’oncc Dc Lcon

'I‘tics.

\fctil l’nck (thc Off"
the US. l-lockcy ‘l‘cttinj
littbc Sin Thailand

 

pcd Cl'L'ltlll

Well.

 

Apple Brown Betty Spirri “‘v
Ecol coffee

|
SA Corirrofer Sees

con/Ilium]from page I/irt't'
admitting part of his crime. “ll wits
it terrible thing i did. falling for a
stupid jokc like that. i always said if
you want something done right. do
it yourself." sttid Winesplol.

Willriri the next few weeks
Wincsplot should be rtblc to serve as
tut SA politician once again. sttid
Stain. “ these borrr-rigaincrs ztrc
icrilty determined to become rnorttl
again. And Wiiicsplot should be his
own abrasive, obnoxious btil honest
self soon." he added. '

erilc the Controller continues to
change his ways. his SA turtles have
noticed a great difference in their
Controller's rnrnirrcr.

“He's been so . . . good. It's
really frightening to see such tt
wonderfully rotten person become
so‘stc‘kettingly good." said Internal
Atlans (‘lrrtir .lirii Pickle. “i think
1'“ have to break his aim."

ial Food of

lii'ownics with last week‘s whip»

m

.  5‘»
Boiled llzirlcrir Rivcr ' ~rout ‘ I
Dcccttscd Washington Park l’li't‘rili l

Dcctil'lcirrzttcd orange iuicc
Alumni Spec/til Orr/r
Rat tail soup

I-‘ri.

Arc you kidding  You‘ll l|'.'\1‘
make it to l“l'ltlii).

Alter \tictitiort . . .

v.

 

 

the Light

SA President Lisa Nomaik r»
disgusted by Witlcsplrrt's liUlllHIttL
"He used to make tttc look so good.
and now he only smiles. film". lilt'
flowers. and tells tttc l'm cute \iiicri
I ask him tti pass policies to ill\
name. He's a disgrace to sltttlclrl
government."

lra Stomach. official SA Slaw. r»

~tiriiared but pleased with the snddcn

Change. “He’s got such it lltt't'
smile."
Cctitrrtl Council ('litiii Mlkr‘

Leaving is “the llilpplcst man on
earth."

“Craig has done such rut invrcili
blc thing. forfeiting his evil \\:l\‘\ for
the sake ol' the siiidcrits. it make»
me wzirit to cry."

Winespiot admits the program In
demanding lint llL‘licu's lrr‘.
“covcoup” days will soon be UH'Ir
“ The Lord is with rttc and so is Ni\
on." he said with a smile.

____.___—__

should'vc been swept up with the rest of the

333mm

in its twenty-five ycar existence. rock'n'mll
has evolved from a phase of quasi-naivetc to
an era of lieu-violence and blatant sexuality.
The once-innocent. down-lioin boy of
yesterday (i.c.. Berry. Holly. etc.) who was
lucky to play before an audience of a few hun-
dred. has become a flamboyant. macho
superstar lie. Bowic. Jagger. .Joliartscn)
struttin' his stuff before tens of thousands of
redveyed adolescents. Perhaps this is in-
dicative of the changing values of our society.
Perhaps this signals some deep-rooted. almost
psychotic need we have to grab on to
something bold. vivacious. and mythical. Or

perhaps not.

Stiff Clone

Unfortunately. in this inevitable process of
ltlejevoltition. much has been lost. Gone is
the piercing originality and sincerity of our
earlier cult-heroes (llcridrix. Dylan. etc): it
has been replaced with gitnmickry dHLl muss
commercialism.

Such is the case with The Dead Babies. it
four man (’2) New Wave outfit from the City's
legendary Soho district who hit the stage at
JB's last night. This osteiitaclous, Dave Clark
Fivcsqtic band's flimsy excuse for a perfnrr
rnatice ranks among the poorest this writer
has ever seen. This is not to say i don't like
“Punk” or “New Wave" or whatever Billboard
is calling it this month. On the contrary. l

respect and admire all those aspiring assholes

 

 

 

 

he balls to dress up like queers or

 

 

ant

   

’-

The Dead Babies: Not even a mother could

just plain lunatics and jump around on stage
trying to convince their audiences that they're
boinifide artistes even though they only know
two chords. 1 think "Punk" or “New Wave"
5 a necessary outlet for that subliminal.

provide
sire we all have to make total

unconscious dc
jerks of ourselves. . I

And that's precisely what the Dead Babies
(lid last night at Scott's. i won't give you a
songbyson'g breakdown because. quite
frankly. I don't know a damn tlilng about any
of them, Brit 1 can tell you that a familiarity
with their music is not a prerequisite to
understanding —— or enjoying — the Babies; a
lot of people know their tittile and still don't
understand the Babies or enjoy them.

To describe the Babies is to describe the

 

 

tality Sucks

totally false and. personally. l'm a little
disgusted and offended that I should have to
bring this up at all. While l strongly believe that
an occasional physical work—out is a healthy
and positive way to let off steam. l was not in
the least involved with that brutal attack on the
drummer. If you recall. I was busy off-stage.
tying up the bassist with co-axial cables so a
small. subdued crowd could tar and feather
hint. l hope we straightened out this little mat-
for.
The Dead Babies have a distinctive style all
their own and frankly. they can keep it. These
days. punk bands are a dime a dozen; the in—
itial sting of that omnipresent insect has worn
off and it's going to take more than just a cou-
ple of murders and barbaric attacks to excite
audiences. Even playing great music won't
help. lt's reached that point where we've
become immune to it all. The instrument
smashing days of the Who and the erstwhile
insane antics of former trendsetters like Frank
Zappa or Alice Cooper are the silent
memorials of another era. of a bygone genera-
tion that was satisfied with implied violence or
empty actions like the eating of human excre~
merit on stage.
in these days of calloused apathy on the
part of (most) audiences. it takes a rare breed
to stand otit among the rest anti be noticed. it
takes guts. btit more than that. it takes a spark
of humanity's last stronghold: total, unleashed

love them.

type of audience they attract. Just the spec-
tacle of the hundred or so costumed crazies
was enough to raise the eyebrows of even the
most jaded. To say theenergy was feverish is
to do a gross injustice to all those loyal fans
who time after time prove that mental illness is
I not just another social disease. Indeed. the at-
mosphere was maniacal, psychotic and totally
Satanic and the cit-stage murder of the lead
guitarist is evidence of that.
l'd like to take just a minute here to clear tip
a little misunderstanding it's been brought to
my attention that a certain group of misirliform»
I 0 art eo le are sprcat ng a
1illit‘ipdg’iiivre iutntfr tliiit l was the guy holding depravity. Unfortunately the Dead Babies are
down the drummer while a mob beat him not that band and seem fated to die a
i i it his own drumsticks. This is ‘premature crib death.

 

 

 

senseless wit

 

 

 

