   

     
 
  
 
 
 
  
 

r
r

S.
l,
_l

i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.Moscow: ’

 
 

Monolith or‘Myth
———————_

by Jay Cohen
Many Americans are falsely uttder the im-
pression tltat the decision making apparatus
of the Soviet Union is wholly centralized,
coherent. and unified. This view ofthc Rus-
- sian Government is deeply flawed and lends
itself to a particularly short-sighted analysis
when examining the ntost cttrrent interna-
tional crisis and its origin.
it is perfectly correct to assume that deci-
sion making itt tlte U.S.S.R. is markedly
more centralized tltatt that lit its rival states.
Careful analysis however. leads us' to unders-
tattd that although tltc cssettcc (if decision
making power lies itt tlte rather narrow apex

of the Polihttro (the highest body politic irt .

tlte Soviet Uttiott attd tlte internal organ of

tire Central Committee arid tlte Communist >

Party), the overwlteltttirtg majority of issttcs
ttre subject to ‘ttrcl'ul review attd debate
witltitt the Communist ’arly attd Soviet
(iovcrtmtcnt (especially the (‘crttral Commit-
tee attd Secretarial). This is a system
characterized by a plurality of clitcs. all with
tlteir own special interests attd cottcertts. As
such. it is not the epitotnc of ccntrali/atiou
many believe it to be.

Uttcotnprorttiscd colrerettce is ttot a feature
of arty tttodcrtt government. l)ue itt a large
part to the constant adjustments beittg tttade
in rcspottse to ttttpredictablc ittterttal and ex-
ternal ettvirottnterttal stittutli. coltcrcttec is
not clearly present lll policy making. The
Soviet Union is riot exempt from tltis rttle. If
we exatttittc her polirv over tltc last twelve
years, we cart concludc'tltat it was anything
but coherent. The Soviet Union sltiftcd front
an aggressive anti-liberal startcc itt l968
(cltaractcri/cd by the invasion of
CIceltoslovakia) to a policy of dctettlc attd
trade by l97l. and tltett to a more assertive
forward strategy characteri/ed by a mixture
ofthc two. Recently. ltcr policy lttts been out-
wardly “aggressive”. attd artti-dctcnte lll
orientation. 'l‘hcse cltattgcs itr rcspottsc to
variotts ittterttal attd c\tcr'rta| factors can
hardly be said to give Soviet policy the
characteristic of coherence.

There is no unified pattern of decision
making ittltcrettt itt the “Soviet system." Let
us asstttttc that a signal from the c\lcrttal en-
virotttncttt ctttcrs this system. We really have
Ito idea wltcrc its first itttpact will be
registered or front where the final policy out-
cotttc will be ettttttittcd. By the titttc the signal
has culminated itr tltc forttt of policy. a subse- '
qucnt tracing of its path might somewhat
resemble a piece of entangled spaghetti. This

is to say that you cart not predict the sequence

0r path that the signal will take in respect to

which branch of govcrtttttcttt (the Polibttro.

Central Committee. Secretariat. etc.) will

first receive it or where it will eventually exit

the system as policy.

When taken together. tltesc three elements.
Cettlralization. coherence, and unification are
known (on the rttost simple level ol‘analysis).,
as the Rational Actor Model (frotn art ac-
curnttlation of lectttrcs given by Professors
(ioldstcin and Cocks. l978-l980.). a
paradigm of ltow tltc ideal govcrtttttcttl
should function. We cart establish as a rcsttlt
ofour above discttssiott that the rational pro-
cess tttodcl does not appl)’ to the USSR. As
such, the Soviet Union is ttot a tttottolitltic en—
tity. it is instead. a system characterized by
divctsc interactions (especially on '3 high
govcrtnncntul level) of special interest groups
(ministries or the like) attd a somewhat fac-
tioncd ttppcr strata of party leaders. As such.
the Soviet Union's policy making is
cltaraclcri/ed by a plttrality ol" elites who
dominate the process. A rather useful il-
lttstratiort of this system irt practice is current-
ly at hand. I am referring to tire December

27th Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. a result
of the constant struggle between l’oliburo
factions.

In Marelt of l‘)7l. at the XXIVth Party
(‘ongtess of the U..‘ ‘.R.. Leonid l.
ltre/hnc'. (tlte highest otltcc holder‘iu the
Soviet Union attd (icncral Secretary of the
l’olilitno) forwarded a new policy known
ltcrc as dctcrttc. It soon became cvidcttt that
his corttirtucd leadership of the Soviet Union
would dcpcttd ttpott his strccess with this
“new policy." Allied with lil'L‘IlllltJV were
l’oliturbo metttbcrs. Prctnier Alexei Kosygin
attd l-‘oreigrt Mittistcr Andrei (lromyko. ()p»
position soon tttottttlcd frottt the
“hard—litters". or military faction of the
Politburo. consisting of (‘hicf Ideologist
Mikhail Suslov. KGB (secret police) (‘hicl'
Yuri Attdropov. and Defense Minister Dmitri
listinov. ‘ .

The basic premise of the “Peace Pro~
grant" was the tltcttty which Professor lirik
lloft'mantt refers to as “'l'cchnocrutic lit-
tcrdcpcndencc." This is the belief that itt
order to intprosc the Russian ccottortty. high
technology trade relatiotts must he initiated
with the western ttatiotts (tltc HEC. US. and
Japan). The tnilitary faction centered its
beliefs on tltc ttotiott that contacts with the
west were to be as limited as possible itt order
to prevent "Western liberal" ideas atrd

 

Just In case

To the l-Iditor:

Do you know wlty we ltave people who
speak out against registering for selective ser-
vice? The United States of America is the on»
Iy country that allows its citizens to voice opi-
nions wltielt can be completely contrary to
the official policy of the government. We
may stand to lose this freedom. How? Let's
face the facts. Beginning irt tltc l970’s we lost
our ability to be energy independent attd thus
dependent on foreign oil. When tltcrc is a
depetrdcrtey tltcrc comes its counterpart,
vulnerability. Then we have our second
vulnerability. We have retreated from the
world picture because we screwed up the
Vietttatn War. Since then we have becn_afraid
to tttakc dccisiotts in fear of screwittg up
again. Oh yes. before I said a dependency
causes a vulnerability; ottr dependency is
ourselves. We think to tnuclr ofourselves and
ttot cttottglt of others. it's ttot to hard to
uttdcrstand why. All we have to do is look at
ottr owtt lifestyles. The food we eat. the
clotltcs we wear. the places we live itt would
he considered tlowrt right luxurious to people
living itt Moscow attd art impossibly al-
tainablc drcatn to people starving itt Cam-
bodia. ltl our owtr little world of selfishness.
we forget that the things we hav - are ttot real-
ly front mommy attd daddy bttt frotn tltc
Uttitcd States of Atttericu.

This lack of cottccrtt attd ability to act cf»
fectivcly has brought about tltc crisis itt Iran.
The lranians knew we would be unlikely to
respond with anything bttt tokctt slaps on tltc
wrist. When the Soviets irtvadcd
Afgltattistatt. tltc lrattiatts didn't take over
the Soviet embassy. The first lrattiatt to climb
over the \ 'all' would be the first one to come
down dead. it all cotttcs back to the fear of
screwing up artd losittg ottr oil supply.

[it tltc ’I‘ucsday. .lattuary 2‘) issue of ASP.
Anti-Nuclear Coalition tnctnbcr .Rczsin
Adams was quoted as saying “We oppose

 

 

Time is running out...
write a letter. fast

 

 

 

      
 
 

registration for the draft because it is a out.
like move. We oppose the military posture
that 'Carter has now takett toward [ll'lllL‘c‘linLt
US interest iii the Persian (iulf area.“ t can
see considering lratt lttvaditrg United States
soil as a war-like ntovc. l cart see the Srwict
Uniort invading Afghanistan as a war-Iikc
move. i can see the United States
.rcinstittttittg registration for the than its a
war-likje ntovc. Tltc difference is the lirst two
are examples of uttprovokcd lll\'tlSltllts wittlc
the third is a necessary response ttt unwitt-
ranled aggression. “We oppose tltc miht:u\
postttrc that Carter ltas now taken towtrtd
protecting U.S. interest irr tltc Persian (.ult
area." ltt one sentence Mr. Adams proposes
to tttake our oil supply and otrr ntilittttt
capability even ntorc vultterablc to tnmtrr»
rattled aggression.

So now our two vttltterablitics come
together. and like shit, ltit the fan (tltc Ian be
ing presently lran. Afgltattistatt. attd the
Soviet Uttiott). When tltc l’tcsident su_\« \\|'
ttccd to register for the draft. the students
come ottt with tltcir poster‘s artd cltant about
not registering. going to (‘anada artd not yet
tittg their asses shot up. Well. datrrrt it. I
don‘t want to get ttty ass shot up either .ntd
attybody who tells tttc he's trot afraid to get
his ass sltot up is a dattm fool. ercthcr \\t’
like the idea of rcgistratiott for the tllttll or
not. it is something we rtccd attd artylrodr.
who refuses to register or serve ottr cotntm it
called to do so should be punished to the
fullest extcttt of the law. Not many pcoplc
like the idea of beingcalledto figltt a war. but
if your life is worth tnorc to you than fighting
for your country then you may find your lilt‘
isn‘t worth too tttttclt ttndcr Soviet llilL'.

(ieorgc Sclnoctlcr

Follow-Up Efforts

To the Editor:

in lieu of recent international “crises”. but
more specifically. the Sotict inwtsiotr «rl
Afghanistan. the United States (itwctunrcrn,
and various other American Ull'dltl/ttttotr-
ltavc takctt what they believe to bc cllcclnr'
tttcastrrcs to counter Russian “aggression ‘

Altnost ittttttediatcly following the Sooct

 

 

values front penetrating tltc “iron Curtain"
and “infecting” the Russian People. They
believed that the Russian economy must be
transfortttcd ittto an atttarkic (self-sufficient.
nott»pcuctrahle) system. This. they contend-
ed. tttttst be accotttplishcd evctt at the cost of
producing ittfcrior goods attd cltartcing
periodic shortages of vital materials.

Tltc constant infighting of these factions
has finally cttlrttittatcd itt tltc twilight of the
Brezhnev ct" itt Soviet leadership at sigttallcd
by the invasion of Afghanistan. The attack
ttpon tltc Afghatt nation with Soviet troops is
hardly characteristic of either Brezhnev or
Kosygia. attd it is highly questionable
whether they would ltave approved of such a

 

measure unless ttnder tltc extreme tlltlL“v\ or
the hard-liners. With the invasion of
Afghanistan. the predottriancc ot llrc
“military” faction of tire Politburo has been
established.

in tire final analysis. l conclude that tlrc
Soviet policy making mechanism is trttdct
constant stress from pressure group»
throughout its crttirc stt‘ttctttt‘c. 'l‘hc irtntsiotb
of Afghanistan provides evidence sitttlti'l\
sttggestittg that the monolithic Moscow myth
sintplyjust docs ttot exist. [lactionalistn lit the
Soviet system will cotttitttrc to csrst and
ttltitttatcly foil attempts by arty t'tttttp to
establish a pertttanettt tttttttttpttly ot nr
flucrtce.

 

/

 

at
A SELF/sit Cit/Wt
\

FElFFER

 

 

 

AT fit WWW/5! ﬂ FAILURE! .

 

I 0A0 Deuce
Ptng

trout. .

l

.%.
é/é’r

(a? S
’ tour/ta.
ME l

V00 MAlI<6 HE

L bkE
26f? ALwAV§

’ VISAPFUIkl'l'lklé
(/00,

To?

THAT I
r  5.
OF Hip ATIOU

 

 

 

 

 

  

invasion of December 27th. the US. Govern-
mcnt passed legislation that would effective-
lv curtail American graitt shipments to tlte
 This step does not scent to be the
best way to inﬂict pressure on the Soviet
regime. Tltey ltave effectively side stepped
this sanction by turning to other gram pro-
ducing ttatiotts for their needs. Tltc U.S. tltcn
imposed a ban on higlt technology csports to
tire Soviet Union. This measure too has been
out-maneuvered. Tire Russians ltavc tttrned
to Western European Mold-National Cor—
porations to solve their problem. Evert the
“private” action by the Longshoretnrtn's
Union to terminate the unloading of all Rus-
sian ships met an unsuccessful ettd with the
January 30th court order to unload the Rus-
sian cargo. _

Perhaps our best action to date is tltc
threatened Olympic Boycott by the United
States Government. Although this is only a
symbolic gesture. it will deprive Moscow of
tltc sense of legitimacy that is traditionally
bestowed upon the holder of the (ﬂames. i
believe we must take nntclt harsher mcasttres.
I am calling on every "responsible"
American to institute a boycott on all Rus»
sitttt imports.

According to the Russian Dressing ln-
stittttc of Leningrad. (RDIL). Russian l)tt.‘ssv
lug exports to tltc Uttitcd States accounted
for 27 percent of all Soviet csports itr 197').
l-ttrthcrtnore. these exports accottntcd for
14.‘) pcrcertt of the total GNP of the Soviet
Utriott for that year.

The Us. is tltc world's second largest im—
pot‘tct' of Russian dressing (Pakistan is
ttumhcr one; ltavc you ever tasted a plain
Pakistani salad?) Accordittg to recent
(tovcrtttncnt statistics. Atttericatts cortsttrnc
Rttssiatt Dressing at tltc annual rate of 5
ntilliott litres per year. lt'our citizens cttl back
their Russian Dressing consumption by 75
percent. we could practically~ cripple tlte
Sn\ict ccortottty. This 's an effective tttcastttc.

I call on all Americans to switch to tire
dressings of our allies. frettclt and ltalian.
and once and for all to show tltc world llt;tl
we are a united people. ready to tnakc 'ast
sacrifices to counter “naked aggression.”
We tttust protect our ttatiottal interests
anti tttakc tltc world safe
for democracy." Our goal is “to ensure the
peoples of the world of their unalienable
rigltt to choosetlte govcrrttnettt of tlrcit mak-
trig."

Take action now America! Boycott Rus»
siatt Dressing!

 

.lay (‘ohcrt

Effective Boycott

To the Editor:

()tt Tttcsday January 29th. lite’tlly
thousands of stttdettts attd professionals
descended on the State Capitol lll Albany to
protest proposed bttdgct cuts for SUNY arttl
('UNY. The tactic. used by this impressive
group of lobbyists tvcrc ttttrclt more civilized
tllltl tnorc organized tltatt past student pro-
tests respecting SUNY ttttd should he corn-
mcttdcd as a good first beginning for the
“liattlcrof tltc Budget Cuts, Willi."

Many of the students carttc away from
their day itt Albany a little bit frustrated
because tnatty ttf tltc legislators were rtot
mailable for consultation or gave the lllllllC'v
siott that they were giving tltc students. lltc
tlltlrilltllllltl. This is a cottttttott feelinr.I unto
Itt‘ lobbyists at first and should not be \icwcd
.t‘. discourr ting. Part of the problcrtt is that
“"“ll' of the lcgislutots have not yet gotten a
chance to study the lttttlgct proposals lllltl arc
.ttll tntsttrc of tltcir position.

lltc day was it success. bttt it any \lt‘ltlll
cunt results are to conic front SAVI SUN)‘
l)d)‘ an cxtcnsiu‘ followup cflrnt will llL'
needed. As l't‘ctptcttt witnesses ltr Iotrlwrm- cl
torts itt Albany. we sttggcst tltc following:

(I) Letter writing All ittlctcstt'tl students
and professionals should semi a letter to their
representatives in Albany L'\|l|L"v‘rlllt' tits'il
\iewpoittt; it is important to use your ltottrc
address when writing so tltc legislator knows
you're from his district. Short. handwritch
letters are more effective than form letters.

(3) l'ctitions 7» l-Zach Student Associttlitttt

 

 

trve campus. The pettttotts should be made
according to Senate or Assembly District attd
copies should be sent to each respective

legislator. Additional copies could be settt to

home-town newspapers along with a position

sttttctttent on the budget cttts.

(3) Additiottul Visits — Follow-tip visits by
informer] students attd UUP rcprcsctttatives
will serve to keep tltc issue alive attd to give
the legislators an environment where they cart
discuss the budget cuts and realize the
seriousness of the issttc.

Abov~ all. we tttttst keep the httdgct cttts
issttc on the minds of the legislators. The
bttdgct deadline is March 3lst so action is
needed now! This is an election year and caclt
legislator will be especially conccrrtcd about
issttcs in which we are concerned.

()nc warning: do rtot be fooled by pro-
posals to increase the Tuition Assistance Pro-
grattt. 'I‘Al’ increases rncatt increased state
aid to private schools; SUNY and ('UNY
students would only save SUNY attd
(‘UNY is through (/fl‘t't‘l .\ItlIt' tlftl. Stress that
poittt itt your letters nttd pctitiotts!

Please get invobcd! Save pttblic higher
education irt New York State. Your ltclp is
needed if we are to be successful.

Sincerely.

Patrl Agrcsta
l.cgislati\ c Aide
Student at SUNYA

Ricky Began
Scssiotr Assistant
Student at SUNY at l’lattsbtttgh

&%‘*!theP.O.

To the Editor;

Rcccntly l was at tltc school post office to
btty a packa _e of statttps. The series of cvettts
tbal transpired lcad tire to belictc that the
lJ.S. post office is full by a “pack of idiots".

Alter waiting on line for quite some tirttc.
probably bccatrsc tltc tmtrt behind tltc cottrrter
moved so slowly. l was insulted by Ihc office
clttplttycc. lt sectns that after a l5 rnintttc
wail he chose to close tltc window wltcrt i got
to the horn of tire line. “The post office can
do \\ltatc\cr it wants!” To say tltc least i was
shocked. What gives this guy tltc tigltt to tell
tttc that, attd tnorcotct vltcn did this jctk

 

start establishing post otttcc policy?
if tltc post office cart on whatcyct it wants,
tlrcrt as far as l‘m concerned let it do it
somewhere else. i thought tltc post office we.
on corttptts to serve jts. i now know that to be
untrue. Artd llt tltc future. it they chose to be
so unkind. possibly we cart sec to it that tltctc
is no longer a post office on catttptts. l'tl
tatltct go sorttcwltctc cls-g. tltctt be subjected
to tire post oll'licc "ontnipotcnt" attitttdc.
Sincerely.

li.B.

Thanx

'l o the I‘Ztlitor:

lltotttas .lclletson wrote. “i am not art atl-
vocate lot frequent changes llt laws and con»
stittttions. but law and irtstitiotrs rnttst go
lltllltl itt hand with the progress of the human
mind."

l'tcsidcrtt ( )‘l crtty has agreed to cslcnd Iltc
SUNYA non rltsctitnmatiott policy irt order
to protect lltL‘ ltttsit llt'ltl\ trl pays attd lcsr
bitttrs on this campus. lltc Sl lNYA (lay and
lesbian r\|lr.ttrt’c wottlt like to tltattl. |’tcsi~
tlcttt il‘l t'tl|\ tot tltrs lrtrsii'ltlcrl :tttd t'\\t‘llt'tl|

step toward the goal of ctptul tights and crptttl
opportunin tot ctr-Hottcott lltist‘atttptts. \k't'
would .tlso like to thank the llrrrtctsttv
\L‘llltlt', tlrv lcwish Sttrdcnts t oztlitiotr. tlrc
Student Union. NYl‘lltti. ('errttnl council.
the United lJlli\L'l‘ril) l’tolcsrions. SASl' .(
the “limit” L‘tntccttrs ('ontttrittt'c of the
t lr.r1n'l llott.c ltttt't|:ttt|r t ctttct. along with
the lttcrnllt hundreds ol pcoplc. lacttlty.
ctnployccs. .tnd ‘vllltll‘tlls tll SUNYA who
bcltcscd strongly itt the idea trt justice for all.
these ntguni/ntion'. and ltltll\ ttluuls stood up
and dcrrtandetl that this lltri\ct'sit_v be among
the ttttmittt' number of scltools that no lottgcr
tolcintc disct llllllltlllttit based on scstrttl or af-
t'cctional ptclctcltcc. Once again. thank you

“1" 'l he (lay and | csbirttr Alliance

... "‘WW’W

 

 

 

 

American Tune ' '

A guy on Madison Avenue who gets paid a handsome salary came up with this: ’
The Human Adventure is Just Beginningslt was written for something as transient
as a film. to make it sell more, arid even though it didn’t succeed there. it's so good,
it succeeds on a more important level. That statement is so potent and so real,
becattse at arty givcrt moment. for arty given person, it rittgs true. And'the thought
that there could be a beginnng at any time, from whatever existed before. is what
makes it click. it rcrnittds one of the clever statement. “Tomorrow is the first day of
the rest of your life.“ The tttter truth itt that is so apparent, it beeontes an invisibili-
ty. a ghost. I think it's tituc we began to see these invisibilities. to realize them.
whether it happens through a book or a movie or a tv or an editorial in something as
insignificant as The Albany Student Press. 1

Messages that are useful for prograttttning your life may appear at any time. from
arty source. The trick is to rceogttizc them at the rigltt tittte. and be ready for them at
any givctr moment. One would normally ttot look to a Slur 'I‘I‘ek ad for worldly ad-
vice, bttt there it sits. just tlte satire. By the satne token. the places where one would
expect to find some inspiring words often reveals big disappointments that end up
sayittg nothing.

The key tltcn, lies itt the t.th that one tnttst not seek spiritual inputs from preor-
daitrcd sources. for that is limiting. ()rtc must be willittg to accept things such as ad-
\icc and inspiration from wltcrcvcr it comes, no tttattcr ltow silly or uttlikely that
sottrcc appears to be. The tricl 7 Keep your cars attd cycs opctt to everything. Always
be p pared to ltcar or see something that you may cttd up valuing. no matter what
the c tttnstattccs. ltt fact. the tttorc prepared yott are for such happenings, the tnorc
likely it is that they will occur. because ttotltittg willch itt your very. The entire world
will be opcrt to you as a source of guiduttc: and ittspiratiort. arid no prejudices or
preconceptions will stop that.

The bottorrt littc of all this is that itt this day attd age, things such as government.
education. and rcligiott are no longer providing tltc right stimuli to keep Atncrica on
its feel. it is becoming mentally damaging to rely too much on arty or all three of
these institutions. So if a tttovic ad says it better, or sotttc novel I/rev say is trash, or
the words of sotttc “freak”. tltctt consider yotttsclf lucky to ltavc stumbled ortto
sotttctlrittg \aluablc to you. attd ignorc I/tt'lll. For “them” won't make it to tire year
2000 at tltc rutc they‘re going, bttt if yott play your cards right. you just tttigltt.

May the force be with you, and send ortc your love. artd please don’t go. and
dattttr tltc torpedoes, attd we‘ll all find ottt itr tltc long rttn.

Quote ofthe Day

“ . . . Attd I don‘t know a soul who‘s ttot lteett battered. i don‘t have a friend
who feels at ease. I don't know a dream lltat‘s ttot been shattered or tlrivett to its
knees. But it‘s all right. we've livetl so well so long. Still. when I think of the routl
we‘re traveling on. I Wonder what went wrong. I ~an't ltelp it, I wonder what
went wrong . . .

. . . ()lt artd it‘s the same oltl story ever since the world began — everybody got
the runs for glory. httt nobody stopped arttl scrutinized the plan." _ paul Simon

   

 

 

 

     

/\l llANV
171 l lt )l tsrt
4 Pill “sit

Jay B. Glaaen. Iftlrtor tn-Clrrr'l

Ron Levy. Richard Behar. Muttrtgtittgt l.rlttttt.s
. . . . Michele lstocl

ltlUItl l'llrlt'ltlilllr. Sylvtrt Sautttlt'ts
Stttntt Mottrtngn. Hub O'Britur

Su/ottttt' (iotltet
l’otrl Schwartz.

. . llob liellolirnc
Stcvctt Rolttik

News Editor . . .
Associate News Editors
ASPccts Editors .
Associate ASPects Editor .
Sports Editor .
Associate Sports Editor
Editorial Pages Editor

Sluffwritors: (‘lttttlcs licll. l’ttt litnttlr'v. Atttlrcvv ('ntroll, liott'ti l:lt‘lt. Milte Fried. Maureen
(it‘tllttt‘. l.tl (itmtlttmrt. lorry Koltrt, l)t'lllllt‘ Kopl. Sttsntt Mtllntttn, Mtt'lrcllc Mrtt‘loell. KrillW l’crtlli.
lirrlrctto litt‘d'ltllrllllll. .lr'll St'lttttltrll, lit'tlr Hotter. Atott Sttntlt. l)t'ltlttt’ Sttntlr Zodiac and
Preview: (lord Vrrllt. .lttntio l<lcttt News Editor Emeritus: Attrtt Sntrtlt

Debbie Kopf. littsttrt-ss Murrttgp‘t

'Stcvc (ioldstcin

. . . l.rsrt/\pplcltttuttt
“t'lllllt‘ lStowrt. Mitttnn littsplcr

. l‘t'rnt (ilttt'clo'tt

Advertising Manager

Billing Accountant
AssistttntAccr ntttnt

Composition Mnnnger

 

Sales: l'itllltl.‘ llt .-.t u lirr it in lrotrtttrtt't. Hit it Ht'lursrrtt Clnaisffied Manager: Robbin lilot'lt Com-
position: Mtlm lvlr littltrlltl Adve sing Production Manager: Stu. Housman Advertising
Production: ( llrtllt‘~ loll. llt'lt'llt‘ |)trtr ltt'l. l'rntntn (it'ltlt‘l. l’t'tuto (hoortstr-rtr, rlrrv l’tolt't. Office
Coordinntor: l tr‘lt.‘tt l Ilts Office Stuff: lirnnnt' "rtovr‘trs

 

Jordan Mollgur, Holt [3. Grubnmn. l’rotlrrt tron Altilltltlt'l'r
llric Kl)". Vincent Afclfl), Iilisan Berth. ,dsstnrrttr l’rotlttr tron Alrtrtrtocrs

.. l).tvt'lSt-tn.rttnn

Verticttl Conn-rat '
llItltlt ».('lm lt

'l‘yplst lixtranrtllnttire
Poole—up: lr~o I’nrrtrnottto. lt‘rorrr- llrtllvilrrr. ‘ltrl' lllt'rllttrtlt 'l'ypists: lirrscttrotv l'cttor.r, littltut
t rrtltllrt‘u) t’.tto| |lsr.rrr. “it'ltlt'lltltt’l Klt'rrr. l)t’l)lltt‘ l orb \\Itl\llll' llrrlt-rrls. /.nt Hittltl. lattttc Walters

Proofreaders: llrttltt'l l‘oltt'rr. Site I Isltls’tl‘tlt'ltl. Chauffeur: lotn ‘iolnto

Photography. .‘tttltllllt'tl [tlttlt‘lltttill‘ he l/rrrtvotsrtv I‘ltrrro St'rrvrr r-

 

mhllolletl 1916

llrt‘ /\IIrrurt .‘vtttrlt'rtt l'tt'ss r-. ptrlrlrslrcrl t‘l‘t‘ll‘ ‘Illt stlrttr tttttl l'ttrlrrt' rltrttttt,I Illt‘ .sr'lrrrol yt'tn be lllt’
.'\llttttt\‘ .‘itrttlt-rrt I'ross ( mprrtttltorr. on llllft'llt'lltft‘lll. not [or 'lltlftl ortptttr/otrrrrr lrlrtrntol I‘ttl|t\‘ ts
lft'll'lllll’lt'll lit the l tflfttl ltl‘f ’Inr'f mini is .‘dllt/t'tl to it‘lllt'll' by the l tilltrltrtl Iinrtrrl Motion) tttirltt-ss
I, Hi)“ ll’tthlttttrttun /’\ttt' . Allnrrtv. NY l2.
(Diff) 457 889.5!

   

/\Il>rttrt‘ .‘rttttlt'trt l‘tt'ss. t‘t‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

should begin a pctitiott drive on each rcspec»

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

