,__,V_:._._—..A,,_:_ —r—« _,

Face.“

 

 

 

..... v-

 

 

In using myth, one must take .
care not to confuse the image
with fact, .which would be like
climbing up the. signpost in?
stead of following the road.”

-‘ Philosopher Alan Watts

A JSC-Hillel: One of the largest

C i be Jewish Student Coalition

(JSC)-Hiilel is one of the largest

and most diverse groups on Cam-

pus. lt's 375 members fall into every level of
tire political spectrum.

To meet the needs of its members. and the

needs of the university community as a

whole. JSC-Hillel is composed of fourteen

Cindy Greisdorf

committees. According to the group's presi-
dent. Marla ()berlander. the most popular
committee of the coalition is Students for
lsrael. Tltis group is designed for people con-

 

The JSC-Hillel membership fee ls $6 per
year. Membership privileges include a dis-
count at all group events and a subscription
to their monthly newspaper. Tire Splrr't. The
group has a 40 member general board and a
five member executive board that is elected
in the spring. They receive $11,035 front
student association funds; in additionfthey
generate $5.000 of their own income.

According to one member of the group.
JSC—Hlllel is very low-key. “it's not a radical
organization." he said. “they don't send you
a letter every year telltrrg you to renew your
membership. My participation in the group
was limited to the bowling league and

 

 
   
 

Members [eel that JSC is
low pressure — If you
just want to be on a
bowling team, they won‘t
ask for more.

 
   
 

 

c

cerned about or interested in lsrael. it's ac
tivities range from discussing Aliyah
{settlement irt lsrael) to sponsoring art lsraeli
coffeehouse.

Oberlander added that every committee's
popularity varies according to the activity it is
currently sponsoring. She stressed that non-
Jewish member are welcomed by the group.
"You don't ltave to be Jewish to join JSC~
Hillel." she said.“ “you can even be a com-
mittee chairperson if you're a non-jew."

nobody ever pressured me to get more in:
volved or to go to services."

JSC-Hillel pays about $1.000 per year to
share in the use of the Chapel House located
on the Perimeter Road behind the physical
education building. Chapel House is run by
the Chapel House Interfaith Comntittee.
which consists of Jews. Lutherans. and
Roman Catholics. JSC-Hillel uses the
building for both conservative and liberal ser-
vices.

Perhaps the most unique and innovative
program offered by JSC-Hlllel is the Free
University. These informal. noncredit
mlnicour'ies are run by the cultural commit-
tee. “Whe r people join the group we ask
them what they'd be interested in." explain-
ed Oberlander. “We try to do things that you
wouldn't ordinarily have on campus." Aborrt
five courses are offered each semester and
they are taught by students or community
leaders.

JSC-Hiliel is constantly trying to offer
more activities to the university commurtity.
“We hope to start a Shabbat (Sabbath) dirt-

'ner every Friday night."sald Oberlander,

“We're also trying to start a choir."

The group is also trylrtg to work more
closely with other Student Association
.groups. According to Oberlander. when
some JSC-Hillel members learned that a
speaker lecturing on OPEC would be in the
Albany area in December. they approached
NYPRIG with the suggestion that he speak
on campus NYPRlG will sponsor two lec-
tures, one of which is called Oil and US
Foreign I’olicyilmplications for Israel and the
Middle East. "We feel that it's important to
be aware of what's going on in the World."
Oberlander said.

She added that the World Jewry Comntit~
tee ltas expressed an interest itt Worlder with
ASUBA. “We've also been approached by
the Fetnirtist Alliance to ‘give a Jewish
perspective on a women's radio Show."
Oberlander said.

Oberlander admitted that friction does
sometimes occur between group members
because of political orientations. such as
Zionism. "But the general board is very
representative of the group as a whole."slte
added. “With forty people you can rarely
agree on something totally ~ but we do our
best."

Oberlander is very proud and enthusiastic
about JSC-Hillel. “We're really growing."she
said. “Obviously l'm biased to some extent.
but this year we're really making a move to
reach out to people." 0

 

 

 

Its Imitact 011 Students

 

 

ampus Crusade for Christ: Open to outsiders

(( was falling apart. 1 was having

problems with school. my folks and

my friends. And then a girl i knew

asked me to go with her to a movie.
At the end of the film. a prayer flashed on
the screen and l was Invited to ask Jesus to
come into my life.

“l’m Jewish. But i figured i didn't have
anythingto lose. so lprayed to Him and ask-
ed Him to help me. Later that night i walked
on the podium. and something had happen-
ed, My confusion had halted. the emptiness
was gone. i was at peace. That was last
March. and We been growing in the Lord
ever since."

That nlglrt Steve Brickman was “born
again” during the Crusade sponsored film.
Dream Weaver. He became involved iii the
SUNYA Chapter of the international
organization. Campus Crusade for Christ
(CCC).

Marie Cortissoz

Campus Crusade is not a social group.
although it clearly has a social side. Those in
volved are Christians with a shared purpose.
that of “making the gospel of Jesus Christ
known attd ltelplrrg Christians to grow in
God" explained Fred Hitchcock. the
organization's president. As staff member
Doug Anderson says. “There'd be no reason
to be a part of Crusade if you weren't
evangelistic."

The SA recognized group of about 50
holds bible study classes. a regular "College
Life" meeting every week. and sponsors
various social activities. Many of the gatherv
lttgs are designed with the idea of sharing the
belief in Jesus with others. Crusade err
courages bringing people to activities. and
this seems to be the way that most students
become part of CCC. “Friends talk to friends

 

who end up contitig to see what it's all-

about." says Hitchcock.

The background of the individual St't'litv
unimportant. Members come frotn l’tritr's-
tant. Catltolic and Jewish homes. “i feel l'm
a completed Jew." said Brickrnan. “I really
love my Jewish heritage. but for my
something was just missing."

Yet many of CCC's members continue at
tending the church they have always gone
to. So. what binds them together? Virtually
all those involved with Crusade share the
feeling that they have been “born again"
they ltave made a conscious decision to rtt'
cept Jesus as their personal savior. They
ltave asked God to assume control of their
lives.

All. too. share a fervent desire to express

i never really thought of myself as a Jew. i am
W ymuch more aware of myself as a woman and an
American. l sympalhize with sotne of lsrael's pro-

blems as a political state and I would be just as indignant

' about Hitler's Holocaust if he had murdered six million of
someone else‘s people. i have had no religious training -— i
only attended services at summer camp. To me they meant
two mosquito—ridden hours on a ltard bench after which we

I. i n would finall et our mail.
r E s u   fame as a Jew cante
as an accident of blrtit.

 

My one claim to

 

 wenty-two years ago my mot ter joined a chapter of the
Anne Frank Society to please her motlrer~in~law, The
the group's mascot. it's the only thing l've ever won ltr my
life. They even had my picture lit the local newspaper. if only
. they could see me now.

Three years later we moved away from the Anne Frank
  Society artd my zealous grandmother. Perhaps if we had
spending early Friday evenings in temple instead of at karate
  classes. I might never have known the taste of pork. lobster.
ior a Big Mac with milk. Thank you. God. for giving me to a

. secular mother. . I
ch ' I My mother is rtot an irreligrous woman. She just never in-
an e - e sisted that religion play a large part irt our lives. When i was
very yorirrg we fit candles every Friday trlglit. And of course

womert agreed that the first baby born to a member Would he

stayed in Florida things would be different now. i might ite

we celebratedIChanrikirh. My parents are divorced and my

  lather ltas since been married : - two Christian women ~-
" I shtksas. my Uncle Del calls them. i used to love visiting ltlm

 

 

 

over Christmas vacation because of tire huge tree we Would
have with piles of presents beneath it. As a cltild who ltad the
best of both worlds. I preferred Christmas.

All my cousins went to Hebrew school. My uncle is presi
dent of his temple and l have an aunt who teaches Sunday
school. Site takes her religion very seriously and does not
appreciate our lack of respect. nor the cotrric relief my tarrrily
tries to brlrrg to her Sedars.

Poor Aunt Ginny. Perhaps tlte worst moment of her
religious life was drirtng a Passover about ten years ago. The
cltildrerr all perked up when site served matzoh ball soup
“Ooh.” cried adorable Beth. "Marriott balls!" “Meatb.rl|s.'
said cute little Ben. “Pingportg balls." cltitrted in darlinti
David. "King Kong's balls." shouted Kenny the brat (my
brother). looking clterribic in his yantulka. We then rt‘t‘t'lvr'il
the first of tnarty evil eyes that my aunt would cast out wiry
over the years at these solemn occasions.

As the years went by. it was our sense of humor that lliritli’
long ordeals. such as Bar Mitzvahs. endurable. As we tlt'i
older. our mother sometimes joined our game. lending it (Ill
air of Sophistication. Her greatest moment was at triy Cousin
Ben's Bar MllZViIli. ’l'hroughont the entire ceremony the our
tor stood up there rocking back artd forth. My mother. who is
very sentimental at Bar'Mitzvahs and weddings. turned to lltr‘
witir tears in her eyes arid whispered. “My God. he looks lil<r'
he's gotttg to have an orgasm!"

One thing i am not is hypocritical. l atrt a fanatical titlittihltt‘
irt my disdain for organized religion. I cart appreciate and
WW“? ‘tiliei'ﬁ rUllstions. but not when they're teatrr efforts. II
it makes them happy arid they really believe lrt what thr'y'ri'
doing. l tltlrrk that's great. But i was upset when my irrotltt‘l’

 

t
l
l

their beliefs to others. because they fear that
people who do not accept their teachings will
be danrned. “Those who hear of Jesus
Christ and reject Him will be seperated front
God for all eternity.” said Hitchcock.

Crusaders evangelize lit different ways. It
is perhaps m'ost natural'for them to want to
concentrate on fatrtlly attd friends. At their
meetings they speak of people on their “10
Most Wanted List" — people who. they are
praying. will have air opportuiriiy to hear of
Christ's teachings. One SUNYA student.
who has a close friend itt Crusade. said
"They tell you about it because they love you
and they care what happens. They've found
something that fills their life and they want to
share it with you. However. a lot of times
they can't see why you don't want to hear
about it so they just won't stop "

Periodically. Campus Crusade has held
dinner litre spiritual survvys. consisting of
four questions about a person's religious
beliefs. These take about fifteen seconds to
answer. but there's a catch. it you agree to fill
out a further survey. someone frottr Campus
Crusade will come to your room illlii read
arid explain to you a bookch entitled f‘rrlli
Spiritual Lnttrs. Since the questionnaire is
never identified as being CCC sponsored.
many students do not realizu what they have
gotten into.

“i never thought for a minute someone
was going to try to change what I believe."
said student Jane Leigh "They tried to make
me see that my life was out of tune hecaiisvl
don't believe irt Jesus. and they kept trying
to make me choose a picture that showed
my life as being disorganized." she added

Another student. Annie Greenfield. ex»
plained her experience this way: “As soon as
I knew what was happening. 1 made it clear
that I wasn’t interested. it seemed to ire a ‘sell
job' to me but I couldn‘t get her (the Campus
Crusader) to leave."

Crusades President llrtchi'or‘k. howrtyet.
maintains that ilir' slitvt'ys are not
misleading. since the questions are clearly
religious irt nature. Hr' attributes the criticism
to the fact that people may in r l threatened
by wltal they are hearing about Jesus.
“Naturally. people from a non~Clrristirrri
background are going to be a little cautious
about ltearirtg something new." be said,

Not everyone irt Campus Crusade agrees
with tltat. "i love what Crusade is doing. btrt
not all of the methods advocated for doing
I." said one member. Another girl. who ask
ed not to be identified. cited the survey,» as
one of the reasons she left the group She
said she wasn't cotnfor'able with the peer
picssure to evangelizc. After she left

Crusade site joined another group. Albany
Evangelical Christian. or AEC.

The students in AEC share many of the
same beliefs with those in Crusade;
however. there is a somewhat different
focus. Those in AEC evangelize on a per-
sonal level. and are more likely to practice
“non-traditional worship." according to ntte
nrerrrber.

Although there are sortie students. such as
Brickrnan. who are involved with both
groups. there seems to be relatively little
overlap itt membership. There is also a dif
ference between the WW) groups concerning
adult staff. While AEC has one paid staff
member for the entire Albany area. CCC has
four full-time paid staff at SUNYA alonr'
Sonic AliC'ers feel that this compromises
the student perspective

llowever CCC staffer Doug Anderson
denies this. and Cites the existence of a Work
Comriritteu corriposed rrf students and staff
members. indeed. there seem to be close
friendships between the staff and many of
the students. Although Anderson and otht'r
staff members have had no formal guidance
training. some of their time is spent counsel-
ittg students who have corrte to them for help
with personal or religious problems. Said
Anderson: “My text is thcI Bible. so rrry
counseling is frottt that perspective." The
staff also spends a significant atrtoirrit of time
uvartgr'lizing on campus. and following up
on people who express interest lit the group.
Although most of the bible study classes are
led by students. staff does lead several of the
four or live person groups.

Campus Crusade is not SA funded so
their income comes front contributions
However. the staff is not maintained by the
SUNYA chapter of CCC but. rather is paid
by the national organization. That money
comes from contributions raised front the
staff's families. friends and supporters.

Although Crusadc's meetings are led by
llrtchr'ock. the staff attends regularly. The
“College Life" meetings are conducted iii a
wartrr. friendly iilliit)5])ltL‘iL’. and marry clusr'
frivndships within the group are evident.
l'lowever. people irr Crusade also seem to
make a special effort to include the “new
faces " Those iii the "fellowship." as they call
the group. refer to the love and support they
receive from each other. As Brickman noted
about the time when he first became involvr
ed with Crusade. "i made more real friends
in two nights than i hurl iii a lifetime,"

Thrl group lives vicariously through
nietnbcrs successes and disappriintmcrtts iii
a “Sharing Time." Experiences recounted
lend to be Christ-centered. A member

   

i don't disiteliew itt God But I can't say that l

relates how God had reentered his life to
murmurs of approval; or another describes
ltow ltad irad failed. prompting sounds of
dismay. Generally. though. Crusade's
meetings are upbeat.

A lot of singing go’es on..and almost
everyone enthusiastically joins irt. Elapping
hands and stamping feet. As the group
sways in time to the music. a lot‘of smiles are
exchanged arty many of the students reach
out to lay a friendly hand on a neighboring
shoulder.

At their last meeting. with the music over.
Hitchcock turned to sortie “fatnin business."
An artnourrcernertt was nrade about a Chris»
tian singer coming to campus artd Hitchcock
gave a little pep talk concerning brirtgirrg
friends to CCC sponsored events. Then. a
guest staff member from Kings College itt
liturrcliff. gave a talk on Christian
ntiscrinceptions. A short excerpt from the
motion picture Jesus was shown followed by
individuals making arrangements to Sl’i’ the
filitt together on Saturday night. Witlr the
meeting over. people clustered together iit
small and large groups to talk.

'l'hr'r’c girls are talking about the recent

   
 
 
   
     

believe rm

agreed to be Bar Mitzvalrcd. He was 16 and had never been
to Hebrew school.

My uncle told my brother that if he stood up and read from
the Torah during my cousin's Bar Mit/.vah. he too Would be
Bar Mltzvahed. Mother loved the idea. so did Cramps 7—
even my brother thought ii sounded great.

Now. i suppose there WUit' several ways they could have
done titis. Kenny could haw tirken a crash course itr Hebrew
~~ maybe Evelyn Wood or Stanley Kaplﬂii offerd one. Brit
my uncle's no scltmuck. He sent my brother a tape of a
Torah reading with the words written out phonetically Kerr-
ny memorized the sounds and went through with it. My
brother got a K-Tel Bar Mitzvah

Mother cried Gratitps was thrilled 7 two Bar Mitzvahs for
the price of one airline ticket front Miami. I was disgusted.
Didn't anybody else tltitik it was wrong? i regained Sutnr' of
the my good humor when my llltilllt'i presented Kenny with
his Bar Mltzvah gilt w the classic gold fountain pen. But i still
“little even/time l we that picture of Kenny With a tallis on
his shoulders gracing my rtrothr'r's dresser.

it was about the tirire of my brother's pseudo liar Mir/volt
that my mother began to lament our lack of religious fervor.
My sister had married a gay and didn't seen. concerned
about how she would raise their children. When i went home
for a three-day weekend irt September my mother complain-
ed that l shouldn't have gone out Friday night because it was
Your Klpprir. lretnirtded lri'r tit-rt l was home only becrtusr'l
had a long weekend and i wanted to sec my fartrily and
friends. That evening my stepfather's Pilil'lllS came to dirt-
iter. "Ali." said his mother. "you're home for the holidays?"

“Yes.” i said with a big smile.

 

l'lim. When I think of God. | tltirik of George Burns. in the
movie Oh God he portrayed the only God that I could ever
believe itr. He created the world. put two people irt it. arid
the rest is human history. i don't believe that he ltad a divint
plan for us. if anybody with the power and good intentions
that lie is reputed to have wouldn't have let the world turtt
out like this. But maybe all that power went to his head.
That's it: (ind is it crazed despot.

[don't believe irt organized religion or "houses of worship"
for myself. if some people need a steeple or mosque to speak
to God. that's fine. But if there is a God. their l'le'll hear you
wherever you are. However. if you are one of those people
who believe that God hears you itr Sflltf better tlratt he hears
me when I'm taking it shower and talking to ltirn. l'd call you

a misguided sheep.

The thing that bothers me most about religion in general is
the snobbery. it seems to tire that we're all worshipping the
some (ind. (Tall Hrnr God. Allah. or Jehovah v all those
nrrrnvs represent the same entity. When you come rigirt
down to it. all religions are used as a means of attaining in~
tilVltltiril perfection to become a divittity. Almost all
religions emphasize some type of moral code similar to iite
Ten C(iliiiitélitlllilt’ltih If wr- corrld achrcvu these qualities
\w'd be (iods. God is not a person. It is a way of life,

So maybe Arrrtt Ginny will say l'm a bird Jew because I
don't go to temple. And maybe my mother will be upset if]
don't marry a Jewish rttart. But if l'm happy and not lturtirrg
anyone. l'll do what i have to do to fulfill myself as a person I
Wt artd for'erttost. that is what I am. J

 

 

r.

rash or student attacks. one girl. who lives in
poorly in building in a questionable
neighborhood. says. "l'd be so scared if it
weren‘t for God." You find yourself wishing
_that you. too. had enough trust to walk
alone. unafraid.

Anyone in Crusade is ready. and eager. to
discuss their belief in God. Those interview-
cd for this article questioned me about my
faitlt. askirtg if they could share the "Four
Spiritual Laws" with me. Apparently well
versed in the bible. those i talked to refered
to the scripture in answering questions. oc-
casionally even reading passages aloud.

Many of those strongly involved In
Crusade attend bible classes regularly as well
as “prayer times" attd "College Life." And.
because so rttatty of those involved are close
litertds. they get together at other times for
activities or "fellowship." There seems to be
a very informal censure against smoking and
drinking. although anyone is free to do
t'illtt’l. “Obviously. itt a room with 50 people
not smoking. you mtglti feel a little uncom-
fortable lighting up a cigarette but you cer«
trtittly cart." said Anderson.

Crusade has provided a redirection for
many of its members. "It's what gives me
strength. love and hope for tlte future." said
Brickmart.

“You go orttslde and you remember it's
God's world w and it's beautiful" he added

"Maybe Christianity is a crutch. But it's
always there and it is art unbreakable crutch.
Icrrrildir't live withorit it." 0

 
  

...r,‘.:  weeds—virtuoso... _  .

