  

 

 
 

. ...’..,--..._,-. --,. .._....-.._k.._.

 

 

i

 

 

 

"voice. But our brows are furrowed as farmland
this spring; we plant serious conversations In
the corners of public rooms. They curl through
these bweeks like vines on an even trellis. filling
in and darkening the gaps in the lattice.
Imet . . ..

i met Shirley Beans In a men’s bathroom. I
didn't have my glasses on but i could see that
she was perusing, reading Ragtime by a corner
pillar. “How's the book." i queried. careful not
to disturb her chalnsmoking eloquence. “Feh
tc middling." she said exhaling. “kind of dry.
but enough to get me through my period.

i joined her on the cold lineoleum while
men went. She said she was a confidante of
Holden Caulfield. a friend of Phoebe in a
Mary Poppins kind of way. “l've been called a
lot of things." she went on. “mainly
vegetables. Carrot. tomato, a Titian whore.
yam and even late for dinner. Once Cevenne.
once a whole hockey team." "The Detroit Red
Wings? Impressive.” i said, "i made that up."
she said. “it comes from spending many a
rainy day staring out of your 8th story Queens
apartment which incidentally overlooks the
Whitestone Bridge and the rent isn't cheap
either. What i mean I5 . . ," she leaned over.
“i have flown. Today i molt." "Well." i said. “i
don't believe in names. l'm not naming my
child. But I'll call you Goldie Lox. for your
trait. your home. your wings.

“I sign my standardized tests Beans,
Shirley? i like that. it sounds like an offer. Ex-
cept there are no question marks to fill in with

a No. 2 pencil." l shook my head. “Yeah. it‘s
usually just A to E."

Iheﬁuestﬂhserttet

 

 

Most professors. sometime in the distant
past. have been students. Few students.
however. have had much experience being
professors. in order to alleviate this unfairness.
l have compiled a short list of clues to help
students cope with academic chores and that
mysterious professorial beast on the other side
of the desk. The first suggesions deal with
general matters; the later suggestions deal with
that most painful of undergraduate tasks —
paper writing. Although i use the royal “we."l
do not pretend to speak of all instructors. Pro»
fessors are a notoriously varied lot.
Never say to a professor. "i wasn't in class
on Monday. did i miss anything important?"
We like to believe that something important
happens in every Class. Spare us our delu-
stons.
if your class begins at 9:45. do not try to get
the 9:30 bus front the Wellington. Most SUNY
buses take a detour through Baltimore and will
deposit you in class just as the professor is
heading out for lunch.
if you must sleep (not a recognized college
sport). avoid doing so in the classroom. The
sight of forty Snoozing students cart be
disconcening. and your snores tnay drown
out our pearls of wisdom.
Unless you are an expert in origami. you
cannot fold the New York Times small enough
to hide in your hand. Do your newspaper
reading outside the classroom —~ and save us
the crossword puzzle.
Love is wonderful and sex is dandy. but
avoid nurzling your sweetie during class
(unless you're discussing Love Story). Pro-
fessors get jealous easily,
Do not attempt to read Moby Dick during
the ten-minute breaks between classes.
if you have a question about your grade on
an exam or paper. make an appointment to
discuss the issue with your professor. Threats
of violence will probably work. but they can
earn you a nasty reputation. Bribes are a bet-
ter bet.
if you nrust come up with excuses for miss—
ed classes or late papers. be original. "My can
had a flat tire" or “The dog ate my essay" are
much weaker than Imaginative lines like “i was
astral traveling and my astral body got stuck
on Venus." Also remember that some pro-
fessors. even outside the math department.
can count. Do not use the excuse “l was at my
grandmother's funeral" more than three times
In any one semester.

Most professors have watches secreted

 

 

 

.‘lhel.

Nostalgia is premature, says the sensible

 

ass One From column A

She said she had been to Maine and that
she was afraid of the sun. “I lobsterize." she
said. She couldn't blow a smoke ring. “l'll
teach you." I said, “but i don't smoke. but I
know how. It's my klnesthetic sense." "That's
a big word." she said. “i like you."

So the two of us schmoozed and smoked
on the Reb tiles. while men Went.

i asked if l could color In her freckles. at
least connect them like i used to In Howard
Johnson‘s while waiting for my Jo burger and
green trimmed potato chips. She said. “No.”
“Then why are you here?" i asked. She seem-

 

 

ed annoyed. She yawrred. and if by rate '
answered. "l was following Manning Blvd. to
the stars and wound up on a cold Elberon Ter-
race. with a guy who wanted to pairrt my
body. He drank a coupla' pitchers last night.
so I figure lcarr't miss lritrr in here." "Does he

about lliL’ll persons. nrrri know when class is
over. Timely reminders from Students. lii'
cluding slammed notebooks and scraping
chairs. are rarely appreciated by a professor
who is busy conducting a brilliant lecture.

PAPERS

When banding in a paper. do not Inform
the professor: “This is a rotten paper. the
worst I've ever written." Trust us; we will find
the flaws on our own.

A bright yellow plastic folder does not make
a paper better; it simply makes a paper rrrore
obvious.

Do not staple your paper together with 19
staples In order to read it. we will have to
remove 18 of them, and professors with
bloody fingers are mean folks.

if you absolutely cannot get a paper done
on time, ask for an extension before the paper
is due. Do not simply show tip two weeks late
with it paper in one hand and a note front
your mom or senator in the other.

Writing takes time. The friend who tells you
"i wrote my fifty-page paper in a half hour" is
probably lying.

“H.l IEII.

Fixing 'I'he Holes

Tolerance Is an essential characteristic. of a
well-educated person. of a good teacher. in
thesr: days of growirtg war Icruor, a wave of
bitter intolerance is sweeping across our rrn-
tion. a wave which threatens to obiiuiate all
openmindedness, fairness. and sense 0/
justice which we as a nation have endeavored
to instill into the members a] oncoming
generations."

The preceding quote is not from the Viet-
nam era. nor is it a diatribe against President
Carter's recent rrrove towards a draft. This
passage is taken from an issue of the Albany
Student Press. dated February 13. 1942. The '
editorial continues.". . .fhatred must be
directed) only against dictatorship, selfishness.
and the spirit of aggression. '1 let those words
speak for themselves. The following is the text
of a speech that was never given. it was slated
for the March 13 rally in the Campus Center
but extenuating circumstances . . .

 

mean that much to you." I asked. "No." said
Shirl. “i forgot to ask where he got his earr-
in ."

it guy approached. his face like a scouring
pad. “What is this. a University or an opium
den?" he said. “You think any chainsmoker
who takes a creative writing class . . ." “Don't
mind him." said Shirl. “he's just Robert
Lerner. every college has one."

“Shirl. we're outta here," i said. grabbing
her by her Ragtime. "l'll mix some Welchade
and then we'll begin to have a good time. i
also have some garbonzo beans which I think
you’ll really enjoy. which l'll throw in the
tomato soup which i also make with milk. that
i think you'll really enjoy.

We talked about Plainview. and she knew
Carolyn, the only person I knew from Plain-
view. I knew that It was right. “Do you think
it's fate?" i asked. She groped for words. She
was having trouble. She wanted to call me
something but she never asked my name.

i liked her. She had short eyelashes. which
she said had nothing to do with make-up.

l first met her on the lRT. recognized her in-
stantly from her picture on the Miss Subways
poster. We were pressed together for six stops
on the local. my nose in her armpit and
we've been close ever since.

“Conchita U. Rodriguez." the poster read.
“commutes to her job. dancing flamenco on
9th Ave. She has a winning smile and .‘r fond-
tress for deaf Children." She looked more like
Larra Turner in person than she did In the
photograph. i thought.

Her very well developed arm gripped the

Learning To Love Your Professorw

if you cannot type. start learning. if ynU‘iio
not have a typewriter, start saving. if your
handwriting is illegible. save faster. Only a few
professors subscribe to the theory "if i can't
read it. it must be right."

You cannot adequately discuss the entire
history of the Western World in three pages.
Limit your topic to fit your space. or add two
pages.

WARNlNG: The Professor General has
determined that plagiarism is dangerous to
your intellectual health, not to mention your
academic standing.

Some Monarch Notes are written by cont-
peterrt critics. Most Monarch Notes are written
by chimpanzees who flurrked first-grade
banana peeling. Be advised: most professors
with academic combat training can spot the
Monarch Notes style at fifty paces.

Writing is creative; spelling is not. If you do
not know how to spell a word. use a dictioner'

L’.

Avoid the. decorative school oi punctuation.
which calls for squiggles and dots at neatly
spaced intervals. The Writing Workshop (HU

Hello. l'm with the Albany Peace Project i
can see by your faces that a lot of you are ap-
prehensive about today's rally. You're all a lit»
tle skeptical about the whole thing because
you've seen them before. i never cared for
speechmakers myself.

Well. [Won't be too long. What i have to say
is don't believe a word I’m saying. And when
these other speakers come up here ior their
raps — don't believe them. either. When we
tell you that a draft Would mean the drastic
reduction of state and federal social services
don't believe us. When we tell you that the
Pentagon and the oil companies don't give a
damn about the lives and the welfares of the
peoples of the world — don't believe us.

Stay skeptical. But there's one thing i have
to ask and one thing all of us are saying.

THINK!
Listen and think about what we are

‘ ‘ 5a int.
Dotti just sit there. When your p y J

nrcnts told

without thinking. You've been taught all you!

television and the 6:00 news and David

strap. “Nice arm." "Centerfield." "Nice rm."
someone behind us said. "Creep." she said
“But you know. at least he's obvious about it:
The worst is sitting next to a mart who is
reading porn crap (GIfllan’s Night 0/ savage
Love) and not letting you peek." “Or sitting
next to someone with open sores." i added
She ﬂashed that winning smile.
Who knew? Who could have guessed what
would come of that rush hour crush i think
l‘ve had some infernce on her. She hasn't
sold her share of mutual fund — or better,
burn the certificate. but she's attended lli't first
political rally to hear me speak. hid behind a
copy of Glradaux and refused to buy any but-
tons.
it is only natural to write about out Women
friends. out diaphragms. our sporting lives
The ponderings and reminiscences of two
bozos from Queens. We are planning ii luriila.
The dust has settled. Nostalgia is ilte rni'fod
of the hour. I have moved my beluiigitriis if.
Memory Lane. i fear our song is on its my to
becoming a Golden Oldie. 0y.
I remember our Chinatown bruncir Shirley
making the waiter recite the dL‘SSL‘Ils lliit‘t‘
times. "Pistachio. poetry to my ears." Slit!
mused. “i always ask them to repeat the
desserts. it's such an ordeal; they {it'l sir
flustered.
Great clouds like marshmallow l,ii~~lt'i
yellow chicks that we irate so much r-cwl rlliil
spied our prawns and dint sent We niru
eating Szeclruan. I wanted duck Still! it ‘. mi
can't get that here.” she said “No 'lilt l «its .i/
What kind of a place is this?" No litii~iiil i 
one from Column A . . ..

18). a writing course. or a good [lliillillnil
book will acquaint you with fill ill-tit
aesthetically pleasing punctuation Sli'li's

if you must make up your Lnsn mini»
please provide us with a glossary. Sritttr‘ of ii»
have limited imaginations.

It is not true that the longer a word. llli.’ bet
ter it is. Save “sesquipedalian” for iill‘lllfllil
beer bashes when your pals are too high to risk
you what the word means.

Similarly. long. involved sentences .rti’ not
necessarily more effective than shorter onus
A yell of "Fire!" will get more attention than
the statement “i seem to have the li‘t‘iptt‘s‘rliill
that there is an incendiary Silliitiiirti
somewhere in the region of the lower llrnrt "

Three-inch margins and quadruple spin in t
are fine — if your professor owns a paper fill
lOYV- Otherwise. get smaller paper. or ill .ii1
else fails) discuss your topic in depth

Perhaps most important: when you in '
finished what you have to say. STOP li In at
discussion is good, repetition is rrrriri-tu~.-iirv l‘
your discussion is bad, repetition iiil'it‘l‘.’ prw
longs the agony. Professors are people run

have mercy. .
BQb_O_’Brian

you to go to college for four years. you Alril it

lives how not to think.
After classes a lot of you are going to \Urili h

Brinkley and Jimmy Carter are going in it'll
you of the horrors of the Soviet Union and tlrv
Ayatollah. And we've been conditioned liki'
Pavlov's dog to accept the inevitability of war
and when a leader tells you to applaud lli‘r
position, you do, Stop And Think About lt
Start questioning. Stop your daily routine. lift
up its Covers and peek inside. Maybe you'll
find there's another way.

Some of you are for the draft. Some of W”
are against the draft. Some of you don‘t know
lcarr't tell you what to think. But lcan say  if
you don't take the time to listen to yourself. no
one else will. And if you want to change the
world, you've got to change yourself inst

 

 

 

Thank you. c

“A new spirit Is growing out o] the darkness 0/
the memory of concentration camps and ghet-
tas; a splrlt a] life and a better future for a bet-
ter mankind. This is our purpose . . . as a lit:-
lrrg witness to the Holocaust. and our duty, to
remember and to warn."

v —- A Holocaust survivor

These are the words of one
survivor of the Holocaust.
The words are not resent-
ful nor bitter. The message
is optimistic; it conveys a
positive outlook for the
future of mankind.

Thirty-five years ago last month. on April
29. 1945. the Russians invaded Germany and
subsequently succeeded in closing that
chapter of history which we term the
Holocaust. "l‘iolocarrst" is a word derived
from Creek which means "it great or complete
devastation or destruction. especially by fire "
During World War ll Nier (ierrnrrrry, liiitlt'i the
direction of Adolf Hitler. carried out a
holocaust and attempted to annihilate the
Jews of the world. ‘

Debbie Loeb

Tire Holocaust. however. is not merely the
story of the extermination of six rrrilliorr Jews.
among whom over or. ' million were cirildren.
and the death of five million other benevolent
non-Jews. it is a tragic story in which the
murderers were among world's most
culturally and technologically advanced, a
story in which "civilized" men watched as
others murdered. Tire Holocaust is a reflection

as 

 

 
  
  

:!

.. r ,
of mankind; a foreshadowing of the time
when man's achievements may lead to his
destruction. What happened in Nazi Germany
could happen again. almost anywhere. and
not only to Jews.

The recent public awareness of exposing the
events leading up to and during the Holocaust
is a start towards awakening future genera-
tions everywhere and a warning of what may
happen when people are blindly unaware of a
potential danger or deny it totally.

The recent airings of “The I'lolocaust" on
national television are evidvnce to the fact that
the horrors which occurred over a generation
ago are just now being exposed. There are.
hoWever. some controversial issues involved
in bringing the topic to the media.

Another Iiit)Vlt‘ was produced based on the
strong-willed Fanya

it,

experiences of the
i - ‘5'

   

 

 

 

 

Fenelon. who survived the concentration
camp Auschwitz due to her talent as a singer
and pianist. (She played in a band at the camp
whose purpose was to create a deceptive at-
mosphere of calm). Vanessa Redgrave. a sup-
porter of the Palestinian Liberation Organiza-
tion. played the role of Eenelon in the movie.
and a controversy arose as to whether
Redgrave should have played the part or not.

This emotional issue has not been settled and
the TV airing of the movie has been postpon-
ed.

The Holocaust Survivors Memorial Foun-
dation is a group that wishes to remember the
events. record them. and educate people
universally on the topic, for the Holocaust is a
universal issue. Jack P. Eisner. President and
Founder of the organization, said. "we must
educate the young and point a warning finger
at the world in order to improve_the human
capacity to coexist . . . Now is the time to
open our hearts and wounds. To take our ex-
periences with us as we pass from this earth
would be a disservice to mankind and to our
children."

The organization has developed a National
Oral History Project which wishes to docu-
ment. through accounts of survivors of the
Holocaust. the events which occurred before,
during. and after the persecution in order to
complete the historical record of what actually
happened. A conference was held last
February in New York City at which efforts
were made to establish a dialogue between the
survivors and people in the media arts. so that
authentic works might be made on the subject.
Last April a similar conference was held.

The Graduate Center of the City University
of New York established the first institute of
Holocaust Studies in 197‘). This itrstitute is irr-
itiatirrg programs such as a research and
scholarship center for l'lolocaust-related pro»
jects. a public school teacher training pro»
gram. and lectures. The Foundation hopes to
establish more of these institutes throughout
ilre world.

SUNYA offers several courses dealing wrtlr
issues and attitudes concerning the l lolocnust.

and also courses which delve into the nature
of prejudice. Robin. a sophomore. took a
course dealing with the events leading up to
the Holocaust and remarked. “it was an In-
teresting class. i think It's Important for people
of our generation especially to take a course of
that nature. it is important for us to realize that
that era had a direct effect on our ancestors
and having insight into the subject can help us

 

to understand a lot of the ambivalence that
surrounds us."

Andrea. a junior. is a second generation
child. Her father was in Auschwitz from 1941
until 1945, when they were liberated. She
said. "My father's not that emotional about it
anymore. although he used to be. He lectures
in high schools now. He does not want this
generation to forget. although ire doesn't want
to dwell on the past."

Several SUNYA students felt that people
should be educated on the events surrounding
the Holocaust. Eddie, a freshman. com<
mented."l'm not tired of hearing it at all
because it really happened and i don't want to
see it happen again. Through people's
awareness of that possibility it hopefully won't
happen again. l'm not Jewish and l'm not well
informed on the subject but i would like to
know how people could actually do
something like that to other people for no valid
reason."

Andrea added, “Most people say ‘Big deal.
it's the past.‘ History doesn't repeat itself. it's
the people who let it repeat itself. You should
educate people on the facts. but also tell them
personal accounts. or else it doesn't seem real.
it doesn't sound personal when you just hear
statistics."

Some students expressed the feeling that
living in the New York metropolitan area
made them more aware of the topic than they
would otherwise have been. Steve. a junior.
remarked. l‘lt may not be in the area where i
live but irr areas in tire Midwestern United
States. rrrarry people don't know what it Jew
or a Black is. and have handed down to them
the stereotypical prejudices inherited from
their family. These prejudices could no doubt

   

 

I; n V i ._ .,
. j ‘ ii“  l Page 4a The Student Notebook Aspects . , . .. ‘ \ ‘ | I"  I H. NP  “I,
l I f . u 0 s ecs ‘ 5"

it ll l i QuacEmmJlolummA Conchita Rodriguez and Shirley Beans A P ‘ Fm... age

Holocaust Remembered

lead to another genocide. it is more likely to
occur than the people on this campus as well
as at other college campuses realize.”

Eddie added. “Most people in other areas
have never seen a Jew. Wherever l've lived
l’ve been in contact with Jewish people and
because of that l've beenvmade aware of the
special problems facing them. i would pro-
bably have a more ‘who cares’ attitude on the

subject if i lived elsewhere.

A German exchange student once admin-1c-
to me that the Germans do not like to talk
about ilreir recent past. for they feel ashamed.
However the schools In Germany are gradual-
ly beginning to teach exactly what went on at
the time.

Trarrslarrorrs oi nrarry relevant works on the
Holocaust are being made available to the
public in the English language. A children's
tnemorial will be built in Yad Vashem.

Jerusalenr to pay tribute to the more than one
nrilllorr children who were victims of the
Holocaust. And Apgil 13. 1980 was Yom Ha
Shoah. Holocaust Memorial Day. At SUNYA.
JSC-Hlllel sponsored a Holocaust remem-
brance event on that day. In lsrael one minute
is set aside for this purpose. During that
minute a siren blows; all daily activity comes to
r 5' '

 

 

 

    

 

 

 Q“ Q.‘A““:. ' '5; i.
a bait and the people stop to remember the
tragedy that occurred.

Feelings are optimistic. Last year I viewed a
program on WABC-TV called “Directions:
Avenue of the Just." which dealt with the no-
ble Christians who risked their lives to help
save the Jews during the Holocaust. On the
program Otto Frank. father of the famous
Anne Frank. said: “My goal is to Show to the
young people of the World that we should aim
towards the positive from this experience. and
that we must help atop prejudice and hatred."

My mother is also a survivor of the
Holocaust, She was in hiding during the time
and much of her family was lost. She ex-
presses her feelings: "l cannot irate the Get-
mirns. For il l (lid that. i would be doing to

 

them exactly what they did lo us."
increasing educational projects and presen-
tations on the media of something as
towards relieving all forms of persecution sucl
~ as racisrrr. classism. and sexism. Tire existence
of groups today suc‘r as the Ku Klux Klan am
the rreovNazis. however. are evidence that this
goal will be difficult to acl ieve. Even now
some people refuse to believe that the

 

 

Holocaust ever happened. But lrr the words o
Eisner. his goal is to educate not only the
children. but all "the general public to become
a more compassionate. more enlightened

 

 

 

world."

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

