 

Like. Would Capsules

 

Fascism Feared in Europe

London (AP) Bombings blamed on ultra-rightists in lta-
ly. West Germany. and France have taken 10l lives and
kindled fears of a fascist revival in Western Europe.
Even so. ofﬁcials believe that. 35 years after the defeat
of Adolf Hitler's Nazis and Benito Mussolini's fascists,
there is no significant threat to democracy from ex-
tremist organizations. None of the rightist groups in a
half-dozen European countries has any political power,
sizeable popular support or. outside ltaly, publicly
elected representatives. However, 84 people were killed
in a Bologna railroad station blast in August. l3 died in
an explosion at Munich's Oktoberfest Sept. 26. and four
died last Friday in a bomb blast outside a Paris
synagogue. Authorities have blamed all three attacks on
ultra-rightists. Ofﬁcials say there are links among the
most active extremist groups. and in some countries.
particularly France and Spain. they suspect rightists can
be found iii law enforcement agencies.

 

Congress Leaves on Recess

 

Washington (AP) Congress has taken some lteat for
leaving on an elxtion recess with muclt work undone ——
such as the federal budget — but it did produce a fltirry
of legislation in tire final days. For instance. it passed
bills renanting federal buildings iit New Haven and Hart-
ford. Conn.; Pittsburgh; Portland. Ore; Syracuse,
N.Y.; Concord. N.li.; and Topeka. Kan. —— after
former tncmbers. Also adopted in the lteetic closing days
were bill “to regulate the feeding of garbage to swine"
and to establish a “National Patriotism Week“ and a
“National Lupus Week." Meastrres ordering tltc prin-
ting of “A self-guided totir brochure" to the U.S.
Botanic Gardens and of a collection of statements
“made in tribute to the late Mamie Doud Eisenhower"
also won approval. Rep. Robert Dornan. R-Calil‘.. even
inserted iii the Congressional Record a tribute to
"someone whose daily schedule rivals the most grueling
election year schedule of anyone in the House." “l
speak.“ said Dornan. “of noted producer. entertainer
and 25-year»ltost of American Bandstand. Dick Clark.“

diary weapons ban. observers believe there is slight
chance of agreement on a compromise aimed at protec-
ting non-combatants. The U.S. delegation. saying it was
motivated by humanitarian concerns. offered last week
to accept proposals to prohibit aerial bombing of
military targets in populated areas with incendiary

.. Despite the widespread use of napalm by US.
forces in Vietnam. Michael J. Matbeson. the acting
Chief of the American delegation. claimed U.S. forces
have not dropped incendiary weapons on urban targets
since early in the Korean War. The conference met first
in September, l979. for three weeks. it is another in a
long series of attempts to ban or restrict certain weapons
or munitions that began with the St. Pctcrsburg Declara-
tion of 1968. That declaration. in which 17 countries
agreed to ban explosives ﬁred by riﬂes. introduced the
principle that while weapons might disable combatants.
they should not cause unnecessary suffering. “How can
we make killing more humane." one observer asked.
“The idea is a bit weird. isn‘t it?"

 

Florida Blockade Continues

Miami (AP) Although the Freedom Flotilla is supposed
to be over —— Fidel Castro sent the last refugee boats
home empty — the string of Coast Guard cutters that
has blocked the Florida Straits since .\la_\ is staying in
place. “The whole thing is so unpredictable that \tc‘rc
not quite ready to declare it met, btit we‘re hoping \crt
much that it is," says Coast Cunard Capt. R.J. Copirr. A
month after the boatlift bcgatt. President Carter ordered
the Coast Guard and Natty to station shipv across the
90-ntile-widc straits to keep vessels from going to Cuba

 

 

Persian Gulf War Escalales

 

BAGHDAD. lraq (AP) The war between lran and lraq
went into its third week today after Iranian air attacks
ended a unilateral lraqi cease~fire just after it started.
No major ground action was reported. In Tehran. the
iranian Parliament cancelled a public s 'sion that was to
have discussed the 52 American hostages. Tehran Radio
said ntost of the deputies had gone to the war front. To-
day is the American 339th day in captivity. The key |ra~
nian port city of Khorramshaltr is reported to have
fallen to Iraqi troops but lran deities it. Tehran is strafed
by lraqi fighters. lran claims to have pttshcd back lraqi
penetrations in other areas. in art alarming new turn iir
their war. iran and lraq ltave begntr sending jet bombers
against each other's oil installations. the most sensitive
areas of their eeortonties. The extent of damage is
unknown. but lraq has strengthened the defenses
around some of its oilfields. Jordan‘s prime minister
ordered a mobilization of all transport vehicles to carry
food and supplies to the lraqti army.

 

Weapons Conference Fails

GENEVA. Switzerland (AP) An international con-
ference to reduce some of the horrors of non-nuclear
war. including booby traps and fire bombs. is snarled by
inability to reconcile military interests with
humanitarian concerns. The UN. Conference On
Restricting Or Banning Weapons Deemed inhumane Or
Excessively injurious is scheduled to recess Friday after
a nrontlt of meeting by military diplomatic delegates
frotn more than 70 nations. The delegates have been
arguing over restrictions on two types of conventiortal
weapons. landmines and booby traps. and incendiary
devices such as napalm aitd magnesium bombs. Art
agreement in principle has been reached on broad
regulations on the placement and removal of landmines
and booby traps. For example. it would outlaw booby
traps on childrens’ toys. in food. on bodies. at gravesites
and on religious objecrs. However. several srtrall tron-
aligned nations have refused to endorse the agreement
until the conference completes work on its rtrost coit-
trovcrsial topic. restrictions against aerial bombardment
with napalm or other fire bombs. The United States, the
Soviet Union and other major military powers have
refused to consider an absolute ban on incendiary
weapons. a proposal put forward by Mexico. Syria and
several other developing countries that stressed the
ravaging and indiscriminate effects of such weapons.
Though there is virtually no chance of getting an incen-

 

 

CAMpus Bniefs, Baby

Senate Cancels Meeting

The University Senate meeting wilk‘dillt‘d for October
6 was cancelled due to lack of agenda. according to Col-
onial Quad Student Senator. Artie Banks.

The next meeting of the Senate is iL‘nlaiHCl) schedul—
ed for November 3. arid there is an Esmuttsc Council
meeting scheduled for October 12

Javits to Speak at SUN YA

U.S. Senator Jacob K. Janis utll be on campus at 12
iroon on Wednesday in the Campus Center Ballroom.

The 76-year old candidate will dclttcr a speech and
their answer questions frorn the audience.

Jtivils' appearance is sponsored b) SUNYA‘s Political
Science Association.

to pick up refugees. The blockade succeeded in stoppjng
most refugee boats, But some managed to sneak
through by taking circuitous routes to the Bahamas or
the Gulf of Mexico. And for the past few months. the
number of Cuban refugees arriving in Kcy was. had
averaged about l00 per day. with a total of 125.000 3.,
rivals. But on Sept. 26 — as some 90 boats waited (0
load refugees at the port of Mariel — Cuban soldiers
told boat captains no more refugees would be allowed to
leave. The soldiers ordered all vessels out of Mariel,
threatening to kill stragglers of skippers who refused to
leave. State Department and Coast Guard officials.
however. fear the Cuban president again may allow
Cuban-Americans to retrieve their relatives from Mariel,

Burning Ship Bearded

Sitka. Alaska (AP) A Coast Guard firefighting crew
boarded the fire-ravaged cruise ship Prinsendam ioduy
as it drifted in the Gulf of Alaska. its 533 passengers and
crew all reported accounted for. The firefighting tcatn
hopes to determine whether the 400-foot ship can be
saved. “They feel the fire may be burning itself out. but
it could be all day and all night before they know
whether they can handle it." said Coast Guard
spokesman Phillip Franklin. “But the ship will not be
moved until the fire is out." Another Coast (ilillrd
spokesman, Bob Sheaves. said the skipper of the
Prinsendant. Capt. Cornelius Wabekc. was scheduled ltr
accompany another Coast Guard fire team front Shirt
planning to board the ship later Monday. On Sunday.
passengers front a lifeboat'that rescuers at first missed in
the pitch-dark night and stormy waters finally Lilllit‘
ashore 36 hours after they abandoned the burning ship.

 

Plan Your Career Now

This month tlte Career Planning Committee is spirit-
sorlrtg a Career Awareness Montlt. The following is it list
of activities scheduled for October:

Open House -— Quad Career Centers
Del. [3. 5-9 p.ni. —— Colonial Quad. Career Resolute
Center. Delaneey Hall
Ocl. I4. 8-]0 p.m. —— Dutch Quad. Circus. Hik't‘ti.t'i
Hall
()('I. I4. 7-9 pm. —— Alumni Quad. Reach. Alden |l.rll
Oct. [5. 6-8 p.nt. —- lndian Quad. Resource, liliigrourn
Ocl. 16, 7-I0 p.m. —— State Quad. Space. Whitman

Career Nights

Or]. 20. 6:30 p.nr. —— Physics (CC 370)
Oct. 20. 8/).nr. — School of Criminal Justice ((‘C 375)
01". 20, 8p.nr. — Chemistry (CC 370)
Ge]. 2!. 6:30 p.m. —— Humanities. Fine Arts. ltaliatt
Studies (CC Assembly Hall)
06/. 21. 8/).m. —-— Math (CC Assembly Hall)

The career information table will be located in the
Campus Center lobby daily tltrouglt October 10.

It’s That Time of Year Again- SA, SASU, Class Elections

SA Elections will be lteld October 8-10 on the dinner
litres and in the Campus Center lobby. Bring your tat.
card and valid SUNYA Li). to tote on the quad tou
reside on. Off-campus students may tott- in the Campus
Center lobby. in addition to elections. students ‘.\|il also
be voting on two referendums.

Sennlg
Alumni
John Cooper
Patti Travers
Matt Pttwer

 

Off-Campus
Ron Freihch
Date Benson
Mart. Lalayctte
Jell’ Morgeitsrerrt
Patti Kastell
David Poltth
Kctth Martin
(iary Siltcrtttzin
Bob Maxant

Al (tordoit

 

 

Central Council

lndlan Stit-

Patti lireillch (icrald iattduu
Stacy Waite

i)il\lt.l l. ('Iinrcir
Graham Sillimrut Larry Lane

 

Colonial Lif-Campus
Jennifer Butler Ma “  V
Stefanie Cooper

Andrew Weirrstock

 

irons
Bruce A. lirtyps
Sandra Rose
Jtrir Wallirr
Rich (.‘icro
Leslie l‘iL‘Ctllllilll
Ken Bulko
Mark Kirsch
Dutch John Suyrlant
Victor Rtislt Renee lilslr

Eric Turkewitz Joe Gathers

Alumni
Torry Roundtree
Matt Power

 

 

Bobby Young
L Stephen Minter

Jodi DeVido

Bob Maxant
Mitcltcll A. (irecltel

Class of 1983

Cla. Council
Jennifer Butler
Robin Pakulit
Lynn Krasncr
Linda Fedrim
Gerry “Mr. Big" Brennan
iirie (jrtrber
Philip Gentile
Mark Scigelsteirr
Mark S. Weprirr
Rob Saunders
l‘loyrl Bookbinder

 

Vice President
Jeffrey Tatrett
Brian White
Karen Srolurski
Michael (iottsthuil.
Gerald Landau
Jeff (,‘artei

Gary Taylor
Thomas Phillips
James i)c('astro
Rod Silver
Quintirt Lew
Michael Kcssler
Lewis Wiener
Danny Robb

 

 

EL‘LELSL‘LEBSU
Jeffrey 'izitreu
Gary Taylor

Brian White

Nick i)eMrrrtrtti
James DeCrrstro
Jill Feldntarr
Michael (iotrsehulk
Qriiittiir icw

Don Motrttitt
liileen M. Mcl tern-t
Stephen Rigopoulo'.
Doittra t'ipltotrc
Alisa Lttxcr

Lori Yankowit/
Warren Kerpei

Secretary
Lisa Wuntleler

 

Dﬂﬂll".
Mindy Goldfrtrb
Mark Kravieu
Monica |.ai)olcc

 

 

 

October 7. 1980

Albany Student Press

' Page Three

Lawyer To Begin Fight... Students V's. Trustees.

 

Calls Executive Meetings “Illegal”

by Andrew Carroll

Undemocratie. illegal. Lousy.

That's the way attorney Lewis
Oliver views the SUNY Board of
Trustees‘ decision to discuss room
rental increases in meetings closed
to the public.

Wlten he presents a suit filed by
SA and SASU against SUNY
Chancellor CliftonWharton and the
Board of Trustees in State Supreme
Court on Oct. 17, Oliver hopes the
judges will see it his way as well.

The Board voted on May 28 to in-
crease tlte dormitory roont rentals
by $150 per year in a meeting lteld
after SUNY schools" spring
semester. This meeting was tlrcfirsl
tltat was open to the public.

Oliver says that the initial closed

 

New Diesel Buses Should Ease Crowding

 

1 t

.1 ‘ " ‘
....   H

. - t.
SUNliA to buy new

.j

buses at $50,000 each.

meetings were illegal.

Oliver was alerted to SA's case by
SA President Sue Gold. He talked
with last year‘s SASU president
Sharon Ward. who served as a
member of the Board. Ward said
that Board Chairman Donald
Blinken scheduled “secret ses-
sions." executive meetings itt which
trustees are sworn to Secrecv.

Says Gold. “Oliver smelled
sontctlting fishy — that no public
discussion was held on a very public
issue — and he began digging."

What Oliver dug up was Public
Offices Law section l00 — the
Opert Meetings Law. The law
outlines wltat may be discussed iit
those secret executive sessions. lit-
eluded are crises lttvolvitrg tinder-

  
    
 
    

 
 

 



[Navel lmsvs more efficient. offer more slurrding room.

cover police. hiring and ﬁring of
personnel and similar issues.

"Discussing rental increases in
those executive sessions.” says
Oliver. “was illegal."

But “illegal"ls only in the eye of
the judges. hints Oliver. and it is
left to their discretion as to whether
or not the Board had good cause to
keep’thc rent discussion secret.
____._.__._.——
Lelters front SASU and the
Chancellor in centerfold.
_____.__.___—-—

The lawyer is hoping the judges
will consider the plight of students
in the SUNY system filirtg for
financial aid. When students filled
otit their aid pacakagcs for this
semester. they did so unaware of
the 3150 increases. Gold says that
while SUNYA‘s assistance pro-
grams were adjusted aecording to

continued on [mitt'ﬂl’t’

by Barltttru Schindler

Two new SUNYA buses costing
just under 5.50.000 each will be on
the toad within the next week (Hill a
half. according to Plant Depart-
ment Director Dennis Stevens.

Stctcirs said buses are usually
replaced when they are about l4
years old. “We try to replace two
new buses each year," he added.
“We have been doing this for the
past three years and hope to cott-
tiirue this practice as long as state
fturdittg holds tip."

According to Stevens. tltc new
Tllillillls buses were shipped from
High Point. N.(.‘. They will be on
tltc road after passing rigorous safe-
ty inspections.

The new buses can seat 92

Dorm Crowding is Reduced

 

175 Students Still Await Relocation

by Barbara Schindler

There are currently no more
students living iir increased oe-
eupatrcy iit lounges or iii suite
roortts. btit there are still approx-
ittrately 175 students living iit
triples. said Residence Director
Patti Doyle.

“Though it is not known at this
time when they will be completely
detripled." said Doyle. “we hope
that going into next semester
everyone who was tripled this
semester will be placed irt rtorrttal

occupancy."

There were 2l5 students iii in-
creased occupancy at the beginning
of this year. in comparison with 70
students at the beginning of last
year. said Doyle.

According to Assistant Director
of Residertcc Deair Knaptort. one
bonus of living irt increased oc-
cupancy is that students pay less
depending upon the size of the
room. whether they live uptown or
dowrttowrr. rind ltow long they are
living in increased occupancy.

 

However. if a student is relocated
witlrirt the first two weeks of school.
he is required to pay the ftrll rate.

Deadline Date Extended

In order to create on-campus
openings for tripled students. the
Residence Office has extended tlte
deadline date for studerrls to break
their housing contract without
penalty from October 10 to
November 7. However, few
students have taken advantage of
the new deadline rate. Doyle said.

 

“can” i
v 0'
com”
int 
a“ ‘0 .‘ i
“has”? gaun- TE umvcléf'oghlﬂon mmﬂroﬂ
SUV“: of THE Sgﬁuonm‘  “LEM”; conPbM'” '
ctb’f‘o“ \oE-T" .31 ‘10“! Mcttt h“ ‘
"Ssomit. ““r'ssir‘t 0“ “9,. it- 5°
‘ 51%.; outV‘fgmuttr ‘ tone“,
5 wugéfn- ‘ “lbmlit V
‘t‘ ' u “
“not?- v
1N"?
. 1m: 5
t.’ n 0‘ of
again! 0“ EHMCEJS‘E “Orrin!
.
R- “mm-ii 10““ “ileum” 0 nut.
\- rttll" or NE Tr, uNl “Mae
rt “““ﬂof T““ 5“ rentinnm"lc '
--s c
usTl-‘A 9
// H, chi“
.. “d g
y i 909
“ ¥ g .a “0 I ct>° t “enur‘l
L rent-l H. M“ 5 nut ° we
up“ " w ~n ' H out PC“ at """ in
C0 .- tt 0”“ V e ““c u“ prnc ‘ itt ‘"
J U“ "ten ‘ ‘cd LD “ Mr‘qnin"
in“ ad'“ ‘ n. to“
intinu is] “F (in
(he ‘ L5 is
“on [Me ch
t “l” “at M’ i r.
to“ ' ut‘tlnnn “m
teM 3 he
that” or ‘ n l‘ur\‘(“")'v otution ° “ I
|' , “‘5
to)" WHO“ an “00" (0 N1” LN ‘ vt'otl 0 H“
r to nV‘ rs rtv“ a of
1M 1a 1 ‘ .u “40' .‘c5
\K at “L ‘ rtm‘
Mt“ . rill tlrn\“
I.-“' \trtW“ W
t .uv rm” (it. .
unmr at U“ 5‘ "93‘ W “0 it “A w an

 

 

nholm: Bab [round

 

SASU and SA to meet Board of Trustees in court.
Oliver: "Discussing ren/ increases in closed session is illegal. ".

They Jumped in the Lake]

by Mark l-‘lseheltl

This past Saturday was a gloomy, overcast day for most of us, but
for Company A. Hill Special Forces group. U. S. Army. it was their
tiny to parachute into the autumn waters of Lake George.

Some 70 Reserve Special Forces troopers dropped front the sky iirto
Lake George. After swiittttrittg ashore on the local Long island. they
were transported nortlt by boat and helicopter to climb ire llfli) foot
Shelving Rock Mountain and rape” dowtt tlte cliffs.

The reserve trttil from Port Devons. Massachusetts is comprised of
tttctt front ages l9 to 48 who forfeit one weekend a month to take part
Ill active training. They do it because they enjoy it. But iii the case of
war, they are the first to go.

The day-long mock-mission. designed to prepare the group for
behind tlte lines assault. was part of routine military training exercise
for Company A. but covering the story was hardly routine for tis.

For a fttll account of the day's happenings. sec Fridays ASPecIs._,)

 

 

 

passengers. while the old buses
could only itecoitrodate 90. They are
rear etrgitte diesels with itrore start»
tliirg room iitsitlc since llre engine is
not ill front. Stevens explained. The
buses are also ittorc energy ct'l'iciettl
since tlicsel is cheaper to rise than
gas. SUNYA already has four such
buses iit service.

A major disadvantage of the new
buses is that they have no rear door

“imam. SWWM [Ilitlliit \\lll \Illllltln

      

which will make exiting more dif-
ficult for students on the back of
crowded buses. “We average about
one broken ltack door per week"
on the other buses since students
force tltertr open front the outside.
Stevens explained.

Stevens added that for the first
time the department held a christen-

  

. is").

Milt!“ Director Paul Doyle

Hopes to "de-trlple” all rooms by next semester.

Rep/need Iti't) buses .

iirg party (complete with chain-
pagnc) for titre of the two new
buses. The new bus was christened
"Bob." iii ltonor of former Vice
President of Finance and Business
Robert Stierer.

   

\halnt min rigor

 

 

 

