 

..._.c g.“

Page 20 . ‘ Extra Space

 

 

Suzanne Gerber

 

7?" rﬂ'L‘Tﬂ’Tf'm“ ‘t‘t‘ﬁw.mwm——‘_J

 

Overfle

Before and After SUNYA

Not just another gallant attempt at seclusion.
A real retreat, much needed, certainly deserv—
ed. To be stalking woods, nightcrazy, eager, so
eager to find —— Quietude, solitude, much
needed solitude.

Weaving across interstates, Minerva—like, Flo
pondered the natural extension of God must be
a Boogieman; if every body in the world could
be dumped into a hole 3 miles by 3 miles,
where would I want to sit; if a tree fell in the 
forest . . . "I -|
Playing the radio; with the heat; bury the
cows & beat the smokey, she was anxious to be
there.

Eb’s call was too much. Pushed too far, too
soon, not ready to deal with . . . no time to
thipk about . . . damn! that was the exit.

‘5ive gears in reverse,” near collision, lady
driver! (Split second memory of a day when
that was the attitude.) Where’s this friggin’ place
anyway? “Flo, Flo." A voice seemed to be call-
ing her, drawing her toward it. “Flo. Flo . . . ”

 

/.

 

 

 

 

University Auxiliary Services
It’s Our “.3001” ANNIVERSARY
Help  Celebrate
with

SUPER DISCOUNTS

 

Auxiliarv Services

University

 

          

 

 

 

 

 

 

.s....... _
Hr...“

 

 

      

Valid 9-29 - ltl-lO—SU

University Aurtiliar) Seriices
Campus Center Cafeteria

30¢ OFF ANY ONE BREAKFAST SPECIAL

 
    
  

One Coupon Per Customer

3. 8 C
4: E o' If X 3,
D . 'T I :.| C :3
8 <2 2 U OI  ’T
‘ I '_ :— v—I >4— 3
.. ,1 I. ’ "‘
I: c\ M 0‘ v a .V .
a r— 2'.‘ 3 a “t .6 D 9 V?" I E v" e
m T“ ‘r- : 0‘ " l“ l‘ I U O T]
I U I Q1 4: v; r.) (r 0‘ .2 3 (I,
m e r = a :4 N :2 - E US v > m I 9
c. .3 cu _m m g N «2 r9”; ° = :3 ’ T"
o E Z , . H .. ~, ' U “ .5“ .tn 5 ' :
.: C“ N CL ’ T] ” o O
in in a m a: h. W Lu T 0 T "a
.1: 0 st “ "‘ “ " S Q Q m H x
=°d~ v. u v. 111 l “ 'r— E I: m I
m E 4 E :1 H O “ ‘ (u ‘3‘ 3 “7' D‘ ‘l‘
U . m o q' s E 5 “J =‘ c 0 ‘
m ‘J :> 7» 4 U K 0 < D 0‘ g T 3 c 2
:1 W .J g " U T T U z
o a m 6 ‘a z; o 2 .a = a g :- 5 °‘ 9
E in t. s a i. U c “‘ o '5 U l— "
Z 0 > E O “ 'u a  L m (f 3‘
L3 0 ix '5 m "i ‘“ ~= = Z 5 3 a m U
a D U m i: o‘ ‘12 n. E Q m 56
hr: 0 i: D E Li. E i “-
O a. o =1 u. 5 D 3 A
g g- :4 o o. 0 i=1
3 U o :r “- :r
m U 8 o (L o
g 0 M o o o
O 5 E ‘6 "
J}, O m 5
0 A
'9

 

l"()l .l . IETT SUNY BOOKSTORE

l’Rfif? WRl'l'li BROS. PIEN (med. pit

with each non-book purchase of $3.00 or more,

Vztlid 9-29 - l()-3l»8()
()iie Coupon l’er Customer

-------------------—---\T-----l

University Auxiliary Services
Bowling Alley
liii) 3 (iiimes iit Regular Price
(ii: I' SHOTS «\Nl) 4th (iAMli I‘RI‘I
()111‘ (‘oiipoii l’er ('iistoiriei

Valid 0-29 - lit-lf-Xt)

.50

Valid 9-29 ~ HMO-SO

Special S

University :'\U\iliar_\ Serxiecs
Barber Shop
DRY
L'nhcrsity Amiliary Serxiccs
Quad Dining Rooms

SHAMPOO. CONDITIONER. LAYER CUT. Bl.()\\'
a
One Coupon Per Customer

 

 

-.‘.':!"'..'..'rr."' '  '  

October 3. 1980

s ism» vwmanr-‘tznw-mi: ‘ arm.

The Student

 

Notebook

 

 

 

 

Page 3a

 

 

 

 

 

 

R-\ll‘\

 

GL‘EST VIE-\l
«Dir ‘= 

t
- -l Linch

: orr
1%

hi;

«

r

Brca
One Coupon Per C U\l«tit‘.:i

 

 

MQJSLILDQIESLGQ

The Mental
Traveller '

W

 

 

 

The tea leaves looked like spinach so I ate
one, It didn't taste like it though. I poured
myself a cup of tea and sat down at the kit
(their table to ponder my existence.

The rose I bought for myself today is
already dying. Such are the rewards of self-
indulgence.

Out of the corner of my eye I poured my
rabbit fur coat hanging iii the closet l‘irked it
up at a garage sale on Long Island Home
for the weekend. I had become quickly en»
lrenched iii that familiar Stllillllhlti malaise
from which there is but one cure To
shop. in buy. porchance to dream .

Even at a garage sale in f’larnview. Long
Island. I am faced With the some agonizing
dilemma that haunts my days and nights.
Callous. solipsistic self~interest vs.
humanistice altruism . . which Would it he?

I bought the coat. But even as I commit
this most heinous of sins. visions of liaster
bunnies dance through rrry head Must my
every decision be so fraught with \lllCL‘tfaln'
ty? Am I fated to be continually rocked arid
buffeted between the opposing shores of
egoisrn and selflessnL‘ss. only to be smashed
in the end upon the rocks of indecision?

"No" I say to myself. “this constant turmoil
must cease." i can not become another .J.
Alfred I’rufrock. measuring out of my life in
coffee spoons. i can no longer agonize over
every action as if the fate of the world rested
on my shoulders. I await anxiously the day
when I reach the “age of rcason'. l vow to
myself that l will escape the clutches of
female existential paralysis. Overcome with
the myriad possibilities that life offers to any
human being in a free society. I must not
allow myself to become unable to decide.
“What the hell." i must learn to say. [too can

 

 

 

 

l.'ilii triu'h tlHNt‘fl Ilu‘ flirt Ari-Menu
have principles. but I will say. “principles.
shininciples " I've got to laugh or I'll cry.’

Who is the )udge that I am afraid of? Is it
fear of eternal damnation that throws me in
to such turmoil? “Who Will know?" I wonder.
"What does it matter what decision I make in
all these trivial matters?" I reach deep into
my soul and come up with three used
shoelaces and o “Nixon Now" button. I
realized then and there that things would be
different from now on. I had epiphanized:
no ringing of heavenly chimes. however. on»
ly the exacerbating buzzing of my alarm
clock Time to start my new life, Confidently
I jump out of bed with a glint in my eye and a
splinter in my foot. and I'm ready for
anything

I did it lam anew woman. I take things in
stride. calmly. serenely. My mind is no
longer wracked with agonizing indecision
the phone rings and I answer it. confident
that I will never again allow myself to get
hooked on the horns of any moral dilemma.
It is an old friend. waxing rhapsodically on
the virtues of a macro-biotic diet. and the im-
portance of being constantly on the lookout
for balanced proteins, 1 nod enthusiastically
in whole hearted agreement while placidly
munching on a funny bone. l'm not the
holistic health hippie I once dreamed of be-
ing. Equanlmlty is now my byword.

l pour myself a glass of Tab. light myself a
cigarette. and sit outside on the;porch to
watch the sun set over the dreary Albany
skyline. Not quite the setting for the starving
artist in a garret In Paris (my lifelong dream),
yet i smile phlegmatically. calmly noting
another dream that has been lost In its
translation into reality. As Doris Day (one of
the great minds of our time) has so often

Quiet Games

 

The year . 1966. The time. oh lets say for
practical purposes that it was about 10:30
am. on a liq Sunny midweek day. toward
the end ofAugust. Atlme when the children
have a week before the beginning of the new
term and the grown—ups have a chance to
rest after a long hard summer. And the place
. . . The Grand Concourse. An area lmbed-
dad in the protective shell of the Bronx. sur-
rounded by the beauty and wonder that Is
New York. A place as grand as its name sug-
gests and even more so. when: you could
walk to see the Yanks chew the cud during a
season between pennant "streaks"; where
you could feed the birds in Joyce Kllmer
park. and relax with loved ones under the
trees; and where a little candy shop named
Philly's was making the best burgers and
shakes this side of the Iron Curtain.

About a block away from the stadium.
somewhere in the middle of a long street full
of small businesses. one could find a
delicatessen-caterer called "Wiiiriln'
Wynn's". The somewhat jazzy store name
represented the fact that Wynn. the friendly
owner. who's stocky build and gangster-type
features would crumble into a wrinkle-eyed
smile upon hearing most jokes. had won the
money to buy the store in a gambling casino

On this particular Iriorning. Wynn was
having a bit of trouble with his luck. There

was. in fact. too much luck for him to hanr
die. His three major competitors. The Court
Dell. The Concourse Deli and Kosher Catt-r
King were all closing for a week. and each
on the same days --~ Thursday to Thursday
The Concourse had two deaths in the family.
Cater King was taking their first official "rest"
in seven years. and Court was just taking
their yearly vacation. Nothing could be done
about the predicament and the owners of the
three deli's just chalked it all up to cirv
cunr:i rnces. while adding a prayer (or better
days However. none of this did Wynn a lot
of uood. Faced with perhaps the greatest op-
portunity of his life. Ire quickly and quite
regrettably came to the stark realization that
his business was too small to handle the
catering overload Ire would probably
receive. In preparation. he considered marrv
points. which included closing the store all
day Friday to do catering. hiring any and all
help available to him. paying his two Irt'lpt'rs
double overtiirie for extra services, and other
points too iiiiinuious and obscure to men»
tion. Still. Wynn was in a bind. and before
he could breathe. rrrrlurs had starlin to come
in Aside from the three small platters he had
been previously asked to prepare. there
were also twu weddings. each with their
share of salads. four-foot heros. pickles. brilk
platters peppers. and the rest of what goes
into "the works" Wynn was already drowrir
ing arid the lunch hour was still lWl) hours
away.

By the time Erik Nebenhaus strolled into
the deli. chocolate ice cream cone (without
sprinkles of course) held firmly in his small
grip. Wiirnin' Wynn was anything but smiles
He had already begun to show obvious Signs
of nervousness. indicated most emphatically
by the dull. far-away look in his eyes. Erik
paid for dads corned beef sandwich with the
money he had been given. "Make sure you
don't spend the change." His father's words
‘stuck with Erik strongly. as he thrust the. re—
mainder of the five dollars in his back pocket.
Alter smiling bravely at the rather perturbed
Wynn. Erik walked toward the door. He
opened it slowly. and as he raised his eyes
toward the street. his glance was greeted by
the stare of a stranger. The man he saw ap
peared to be in his early fifties. and he car-
ried a small brown suitcase. Erik moved
through the door and held it open for the
slightly balding man with the chunky build.
As the man moved in through the door. Erik
could not help being curious. He imagined
the stranger as a professional wrestler and
skipped on home with that thought in mind.

Inside the store. Wynn picked his head up
from his brisket and met the cold. expres-
sionless lips of the stranger. After a small
pause that seemed like forever. Wynn made
the first move.

"Can I help you?"

 

said: Que sero, sera. .

Rob Edelsjgtn
Sam

"Maybe you can. My name is Sam Cugier.
i do catering work."

"Well it just so happens that I'm now look-
Ing for someone to do part-time work."
replied Wynn; amazed at his returned ally of
luck. “Would you be Interested?"

"When would I start?"

"How about now?" answered Wynn
eagerly.

"And when would I finish?"

“Well. time-wise we close at seven
o'clock. But if you’re good. I'll keep you on
for awhile." said Wynn. as a smile began to
creep up, like a caterpillar. on his left upper
lip. He had no real intention of hiring the
man for along period of time. but he figured
this promise in desperation might encourage
Sam Cuglcr to stick out the busy weekend.
The only quaint Wynn had was a lack of any
proven display of talent on Sam's part. He
looked too insignificant In Wynn's mind.
which he knew was no indication. but still he
was a bit wary of the consequences in hiring
this total unknown. Just as he was starting to
think negativer about Sam. Saul
Rabinowitz. a fixture at the Court Dell. stroll-
ed in with an order.

"We're having people over Mister Wynn.
about forty people, What do you suggest we
get?"

Wynn. shocked by Rabinowitz' timing.
stood. silently thinking about his predica-
menl.

"Well. if you figure twelve people per plat-
ter. you come tip with at least three platters
and then you might want to think about
ordering bulk and bread." came the state-

ment from Sam's mouth. Wynn looked at
him sharply for a second. until he realized
that the inlorrrintion was correct. Sam simply
smiled

“You won‘t be disappointed." he said.

Sunday morning. Ten o'clock, Winnin'
Wynn's delicatessen officially opens for
business Sitting iii the back refrigerator box
are eight sandwrrh platters. three bulk plat-
ters. two four-fool heios. a hundred small
pickles. and large containers full of potato
and macaroni salad and cole slaw. Exactly
one day before. the refrigerator had been fill-
ed even tighter. arid Wynn had to put pieces
of Wood under the shelves to keep them in-
at t.

Sam brushed the last few crumbs off his
shirt and r'orrrplained to Wynn He Iiad slept
on the counter for two hours and had hurt
his back As he walked. calling back com-
plaints every few steps. he bent his body
from side to side in a li’irisening motion.
Slowly but surely. customers started filtering
in. asking for coffees. combinations and
catering Wynn handled most of the
customers. because Sam's serving personali-
ty was laced with an air of irritability.
Besides. he was mainly there to cut the meat
-- a task he performed with the skill of a
Surgeon and the grace of a dancer. As the
meat would slide out of the machine in thin.
almost see-through strips. Sam would grab it
lightly and. in the same motion. toss the
meat down upon the fluffy rye bread. He
Would continue the motion until the sand-
wich had been overstuffed with meat still
glistening from the hot box.

For the first time in ages. Wynn felt the
sweet smells of hot corned beef and hot
pastrami tickle his nostrils and tempt his
hungry stomach. It would soon be time for
him to wolf down his food on another work-
ing afternoon. But today he would be eating
with Sam. He still knew nothing about Sam.
It would take months before Wynn would
realize that Sam had. at one time. co‘owned
the Penn Deli, one of the most popular
Manhattan eating places. It would also take
time before Wynn would fully understand
that he was working side by side with the
man most New York butchers considered to
be one of the best deli men in the state. In
fact, all Wynn could think about as he raised
the overhang of the store. letting the morn-
Ing' sun come streaking in through the
“‘Wirintn' Wynn" window. was that he had,
foncc again, lucked out. 0

 

 

 

be cavalier and devil-may-care. Others may

 

 

