 

 
  

 

. Maw)... .

 

 

‘ THE MOVIE

WORD i5 OUT

IS HERE

Stories of 26 Gay Americans

[C 2 Friday - 7 8: 9:30 pm

Saturday - 7 pm
Admission $1.00

Sponsored by Gay & lesbian Alliance

FrLg. sat Bittersweet Harmony

Every Week
Thurs., Fri., Sat, Sun.
lADIES NIGHTS No Coven

Draft- .25” Mixed Drinks- .50¢ Miller- .60“ ‘

 
 
  
   
 

, . 3,, '«mm... "IW‘i‘Wh-n—nnch-c'yn-‘avii

 

Sun. “Adirondack Late Night Ftyers"

MONdAY MENS Nirc
DnAfr- .2?

‘Com on Irons ro

 

 

western Av: mi Lo

 

 

 

 

wknc rlIE couurny is'

 

 

l,

 

.Sty,_

.. ... “as; .-.    .  w...

 

 

IDecember 12. 1980

 

To Speak 0! Many Things ;

The s: 1

ANA.— I.

 

 

 

Debbie Kopf:

I ’m not going to turn this column into a long personal.

 

 

SA... lllSiiE'lD bOOiK EXCHANGE

M©iNh ilQ/‘itb 5 limit. ilQ/W il® AM 5'3 PM

QC. iliAiLlle©©M

HELP YOUli‘tT'SlEMF AND i'iELiEiiiir-tiOiNi “9t
(15‘ Will. Big COLLEC’iTiEi) Plait OOllO

PROCEEDS ii'C 'i‘ElidETHON "@‘i

5.1%...

uujg M>I g

* WEQiilE COLLECWNG iilEXiiliOOilCS lFQiR iNllEXil’ SlENilESilEiiQS SAM;

lFUlNillDlEiﬁi

    

 

 

se'“

Japanese

'57..”
the ’

I VAPOBS

and another

CD

*********************

Sat. 1 DANCEPARTYL’ 1

*********************

at the Hulla-Baloo Music Club
(Buses will be available)

Campus Center 316 2-6pm Monday-Friday

BE THERE, ALOHA!

91 FM

Dec. 20

Tickets: ONLY $3 —— — ON SALE NOW!

 

 

Last ASP. There was once a time I never
thought i would ever utter those words. But
after 316 Issues of the paper. five and one-
half years of work. seven editors. three
typesetters. and four nilllion crises. it is now
as time to move on as it will ever be. So. In-
stead of a gold watch. they're giving me a
column to write. 50 i want this to be perfect.
flawless. and of course. tlte best thing ever
written for this paper (witlt the exception of
Fred the Bird).

God. I don't want It to be corny. | woti't
get all sentimental and mushy and teary-
eyed because no one appreciates an excess
of emotion. I guess l won't be able to ade»
quately convey how I feel about the paper
without that emotion. but i won't stoop that
low. I just won’t be able to express my
gratitude for all the paper has given me? The
ASP gave me an infinite assortment of uni~
(rue personalities to work with AA each one
very different. but each one very lovable.
The ASP gave me skills and business
knowledge i will have forever. tattgltt illL‘
how to deal with atty type of crisis. Itttt(lc ItiL'
laugh. made mu work, tirade me laugh some
more. gave me good people to share with.
and eventually brought me the love of my
life.

God. lltopr' they all rt‘nlizr' hour grcrtt they
are, because l'Itl not going to say it in NW cof-
utnn. l'm not going to tell SUNYA about the
unbelievable dedication I see iii these offices
everyday. l'm not going to talk about the
editors that stay up all night twice a week. go
to class and then distribute lltL‘ papersf l'rti
not going to talk about all the roadtttps to

.Ron Levy:

Sonic IttL’ti look at things us they nrc
and ask. ‘utlty?'
Others look of things (is they could by
and ask. 'tuhy not?’
—— Robert F. Kennedy. ctnl.
All I want is everything
—v Southsidc Johnny

Hamlet; Act V, Scene lll

Hamlet sits iii a pitch-black room. stating
at a reflection of hintsulf in a mirror. In his
mind. images pass back and forth. becoming
tangled and then un. He sees the past. his
actions. their consequenCes. and he tries to
sum the effect they have bad. but he is
unable.

His thoughts shift now. and Hamlet looks
to the future: both his own and that of the
Danish court. Hamlet smiles . . .

. .

Shortly after Jesse McCourt began work
trig at the ASP. someone asked him why he
was doing it. why he was giving so many
hours to an extracurricular activity? What a
silly question. .lessc thought. His mouth

opened. and he answered, “Because . . . _

Nothing. No one word could answer that.

Eighteen months and severity-five issues
later. that question still remains unanswered
Pride. dedication. membership and the like
are parts of the answer A— but none. singulan
Iy or in combination. fills the whole
Perhaps. "Because it's them." would bi,-
most apropos: the ASP isn't a mountain. but
it is a fixture oti this campus. and Justin
always had an interest in established strncr
lures. '

ltmagiiie that when viewed from tlw out
side. one sees the ASI" (oi SA. oi thc Ad
ministration. or .) as a \iiltilt' poly lllllllt'fl
creature with cach aim tit ttrig Itt firll
knowledge of thr» others The concr-n-ais of
Democracy. .lt'sst' lit'ltcvvd. would allow
r'ar'h illt‘lillit't of a group i'tittnl \vt-iglit lint
ltliit' and thr- evuiwltcndmi "tlt-tttlltncs” prov
«if that's not always flll' tow (‘oirirttuntcn
iron is the key - the ASI’ ltunnt-tl that lhc
hard way -» and. though not pt-rfuct. MW

student press makes a damn good attempt

“People‘s personalities are crucial." Quin-
cy impressed, "You'll learn quickly who you
ran cotiiit on." And on his first production

outside printers when our ' typesetting
machines were broken. Even though many
of the editors had tests the next day. we kept
shuttles going back and forth to Schenectady
and beyond all night long. l'm not going to
mention the business people that stay here

'durtng vacations to keep the place running

financially. And l'm not going to tell them
that l respect and admire them beyond
words. and i am constantly in awe of the
dedication and addiction to this place that
they exhibit.

Keep rite from gutting philosophical. God
Keep rne from going off on a tangent about
how the ASP is a living entity. conceived
with every ad deadline and born each Tues-
day and Friday morning. Let me not lecture
on how it grows arid evolves. changes and
improves. Keep me frotn talking about all the
talent this group has »— about all the award-
winncrs. atid the news writers. about the c»
ccllunt student accountants arid pasta-up at
lists. aitd about the littl~stt~gtititl ones that
are willing to stay around and kt-cp learning

(iotf. help rttc stuy ttrtrtty lioni fllt' Iolk-sy
tifft’ftltlft'b No onu's going to enjoy a story
like tint one about the time we lost an intpot»
tant ad that we couldn't duplicate. and had
to spend six hours sifttng tluotigh tun tons of
(‘ampus (.‘t'ntt-r garbage to find it No tlilt‘
will appreciate tnlcs about watching hockey
being played in the Campus Center with
pucks made ottt of masking tape at fottt in
the morning. No stories about summer
issues. or kick (April Fool's Day) issues or iii
latest Int-clings or machine problems And
color stories about the personalities. the

We were Lewis Carroll '3 Cheshire, grinning after

night. Jesse got a pretty fair dose of those
who "ran" the ASP.

lintcr lfutik's (Thick. “My lord." Jessi-
thought. “even the name is imposing " A
typist by trade, Chick has a good side that
cart be smooth as velvet if you need hqu
with anything. She's even been Citilhltlt‘it'tl
for the (Thief spot. but she's doing inst flill'
without the title, And as for her bad side.
wcll. no one who's faced it has been lit'illtl
front since

Others playcis front the first ncl’ Robin
(ittltllit'i'g in her "Stat Room Follies." a gal
inntcd Kopf. whose |ow~key dcnwanot
hardly seemed to befit her ability. n Schwartz
uditor glued to his pitcher of Mich; and art
assortment of editors and techies. each bent»
trig that peculiar trait: they'd but-it hired
becaustI they were friends of this gity Quilt
cy. 'l'here were no elections. no factions. no
coalitions. but what about that Democratic
info that .lcsse had envisioned? Hnitntn .

Catching Mitchell and Wtetristock with the
goods was a journalist's wet dream.
Newspapers love scandals  the bigger tlit-
better m and when tl involved SA. the ASP
was all smiles. We were LVWIS Carroll's
Cheshire. grinning after swallowing the
canary that had been cat-calling us all year.
lri retrospect. it's regrettable that the people
involved took their own actions so lightly.
but school is for learning and I hope we all
did frotn this episode.

Rule "l: Tltt.‘ ASP Itt‘tlt!’ titttkt’h‘ a
mistake; We all know that. yet when
something of a questionable nature gets
iiriltll'tf. t‘rlliL‘S come ctawlltig out of the
walls (‘asc Itt point: In llit‘ Septt'mbut lbl,
lti'l‘) t‘tltlttiit. stunt-one put in a personal
that postal a ill'tifll threat to a professor who
shall rcrnatn noun-lust. To make a long story
short. fir lionawit/ titllt'tl tit t'Vl'lV govern
Iltt'ltl agt'ttt‘y that uses titlllrtl‘i. hi iiiVU-tttgntt'
Illt' t tIltlt‘ A SWAT team patrolled the halls
Wltllt' thc l'lil/f'lA/Al’f) wcnt through the
ASI"s lift-s (nt'wspapt'rs hate that soil of
stuff) .lcsse. Quincy and Kopf spent a week
extricatmg the ASI’ from a mess brought on
by. well. . , who knows? Finally. when the
School of Business diVorcttd itself fioiit the

problem. and no one was actually stupid

 

“I will
refrain
from cry-
ing out
how much
I will mlol
the peo-
ple and

' the
place."

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

editors. thcI printer. and the production
managers are out. i won't even say how cxr
aspurnttttg they were soon-titties. and how
imigne they Wl'll‘. and how marvelous and
competent to \votk wtth.

Muku itit’ litttttlllt.’. God. There has always
hccn a ioke up ltt‘t‘L' that writers are even
more egotistical than politicians. That may
be true. bitl business managers are more
t-gotlsttcal than writers. i won't Iattncli ittto
everything the office .‘tccomplishcd in the last
thtct! years. I Won't say how tiraiiy nights i
stayed awake Worrying that we \vonldn't lil’
able to lit-conic financially Solvent, I won't re

tnough to attciitpt anything. l)r. lionnwil/
was left without a trump card and folded his
hand it would've tirade a great feature.
though. or even a front-pngcl scoop. lint that
vould violate the rule.

. . .

Consider the poor suction editors. 'l'ht'y
will violently cling to tlwir fiefdoms. fending
off onslaughts frorii ruthless nd Iiiniinguts
and devil-possessed F.|C'_. .ach person in
ihnrgc imagines his pages as the best written
and the Iitost road; it's a Itatiirnl reflex. bnt
-.ometrtnes it can go too far. Contrary to Cliff
‘s'loan's belief that his "Sound and Vision"
copy was the Word of the Lord. there isn't
really one area standing higher than any
other We may not be great journalists r - wtt
know that: greatness only comes with prac-
ltCl‘. arid every single ASPiu deserves an "A"
for perseverance.

Now. before any applications for Saint-
hood are submitted by the Editorial Board, it
should be remembered that there are a few
anomalies inherent iii the personality of a
-.tudent spending 40 hours a week at the
ASP. The ASPIes are a bunch of sick pups
when it comes to their humor; a set of ex-
amples illustrating this poitit lies fit some of
the headlines that almost went to print:

 For a st try about SUNYA granting equal
rights to homosexuals. in proposed title was
"O'Lwn'y Gives It To the Gays."

7 Aspects almost reviewed Steve Forbert's

visit to the area as “Forbert Orberts Orbany."

 

    

UMPTULIPS‘US. POST OFfiCE

count the Individual triumphs‘that made me
feel proud to be a part of this place. things
like diminishing our debt. getting Macy's ads.

writing a workable budget and keeping to

deadlines. i will say not a word on those sub-
iects.

Don't get serious, nobody reads morbid
triaterlof. Keep it ltglit. l will refrain from cry-
ing out how much i will miss the people and
the place.l won't tell them that there will
always be an ache for them on Monday and
Thursday nights, I'll keep from saying that in
the past when.f've been gone for even three
or four days. I found myself wanting to be
back in the office. fwon't even catch myself
stating an old cliche that still rings true: that i
enjoyed working for the paper so. that get-.
ting paid seemed like bonus. (not a bonus to
pass up. however). and that l loved being
needed.

Make sure they know i love them. God.
Make you they lutoui hour ttutclt l'Il miss
flll‘ltl l'm not going to turn this column into
a big pt'ts‘oltnl that would be impossible.
'l'lH'l'l' arc inst loo ittany people to thank for
their help and support and for keeping me
saint They will tnsl have to know how f feel
about lltt’tlt frotti reading this now. i wotr't
i'vcn attempt to send some "cute" message
to Mike. liat'h Will have to understand that
low and friendship is implicitly typed within
these words

(lluty. so tt'ltttl do I tunic? Since [can't be
corny. sctitlmentnl. anecdotal. expressive.
egotistical, "Iwavy" or mushy. I will iust write
simply:

Thank you.

swallowing the canary.

- And just last election day. the ASP was
within a hair's-breadth of leading with a
story. "Aw Shit. t's Reagan,"

Still not convinced that We're imperfect?
Well, just to rile any minorities that might
have been missed. a caption for two feminist
ringers tntgltt have been. “Rose and Winter:
f‘hcy do windows." and the headline for a
it'rlllltt‘ on German music: “Music From the
|)vutscli|and  it's A Gas." The moral is
simple. never take tint-self too seriously.

licyontt the intrigue and the laughs. work-
ing With the Albany Student Press really has
lit't’it an expt’rit'ttce and an education at least
as valuable as the academic type. And
beyond the Springsteen reviews. and
underneath the trimmings that decorate the
production room floor. there are a lot of fun
titties and forid memories that I'll take with

me.

After this. my last issue, l'll give those
funny-looking keys. that special parking per—
mit and the Aspects logo to Rob Edelsteln. I
picked him to be my partner thirty issues
ago. and I couldn't have made a better
choice. i hope that when he's writing his last
piece. lte feels the same way towards the
ASP that i do now.

Last week. a friend asked me what l'm go-
ing to do without an Albany Student Press to
be a part of; what I will do with so much free
time? I thought about it for a few seconds.
and said. "Look to the future. i guess." And i
smiled. O

Page Sal

 

