 

..,__.___,._..._._~,_... ,. ..

 

'he sweat of nervousness which rolled slowly down Ar-

thur’s forehead accumulated into larger flows, as each

new bubble banged and burst its way into older ones,

forming a compound r hich froze on his face in the

__.______early morning breeze. His tears raced down his cheek

with all the speed of emotional release and fell, like a grain of salt,

into the crevices at the corners of his mouth, only to be whisked
away by his parched tongue.

The wind was dancing. in happily through Arthur's seventh floor

. window, and it caressed him. The

Rab EdEISte'n blanket was beginning to itch, so

he threw it off. His perspiration glued him to the bed, which mat-

tered little since he had no intention of moving. Only feeling. He

stared at the clock and squinted. Then with the glasses pinching at

the bridge of his nose he squinted even more. The time was a

quarter of eleven. Or seven before nine or three to five or six to

seven or whatever else his eyes, with their worn rims and darts of
lightning red shooting throughout, seemed to register. Once again,

Arthur began feeling sorry for himself. There it came again, feeling.

He would have to rely on that more than ever now, and the thought

tied knots in his stomach. ' ’

His room was a blur with each
painting, plaque, and piece of fur-
niture nearly indistinguishable

‘rom its closest partner. As in—

distinguishable as the hands of

time on the clock. Then, Arthur 
moved his own hand within two 
inches of his eye, the distance of
perfect vision, and promptly slap-
ped himself across the cheek
several times, with full force, behind each blow. As he reached new
heights of self-punishment through impact, the shock in his system
led him closer to embarrassment. Finally the task as complete, leav-
ing Arthur with the opposite result he had hoped for — numbness.
He stared at his flesh weapon, which by now was out of focal range.
and began to whimper. He cried out in pain, frustration, disbelief —
tormented by the melancholy of affliction. Within seconds he was
wailing like an unfed newborn, and he soon began to yell without
care of loudness, knowing full well that a deaf man cannot hear his
own cries.

Arthur Bennings forced himself out of bed and limped wearily
toward the showenHe did not want to be late for his third appoint-
ment with a thii ‘ eye doctor in five weeks, so he turned the handles, '
and the steaming hot water sprayed visciously from the spout, caus-
ing a protective shield of vapor to cloud Arthur's eyes even further.
He stepped under the 'scorching downpour and flinched exag-
geratedly out of the path of the shower. before increasing the cold
water output. He knew he could not miss the appointment, for he
feared taking another sick day off from work. After accumulating a
record of dilligent service in his twenty—five year association with Ad
Research Records, Incorporated, he despised blemishing it what-
soever.

Arthur's appointment was for the purpose of reconfirming the im-
pressions of two previous doctors that he was suffering from a
disease of the cornea, a package which included a treatment or two.
There was no known cure, but Arthur could wallow in the fact that
ophthalmologists were working day and night on the problem. Until
such time as the appearance of a full scale medical breakthrough, he
would have to just stand and soak in the shower, or performing ac-
tivities that others of his sort do. “Others,” he said to himself. For
sure, the key word. He was to look upon himself as an other, with a
different set of values and a different way of living. Suddenly, Arthur
began feeling the pangs of discomfort that run up and down one's
spine when one is greatly confused. The question was, could he live
normally at all? And the pressure behind the thought built until it
broke, leaving a forty-three year old man yelling for help. with the
strong silent force of the shower raining down upon him like
everything else.

“80 things must be considered," he thought. “My job." He sigh-
ed, knowing full well that he had earned his trade through reading
small numbers off a sheet of newspaper and punching them into a
computer with codes.

“My life," he thought and the notion of taking his own life crossed
his mind in a quick flash, before skirting away into the dark recesses
of his mind, where the thought stirs in all, but abounds in only a few.
Lack of courage was his excuse for this final solution. Besides, he'
thought, he had seen too many aquaintances succumb to this temp-

tation for lesser reasons.

 

  

 

IIIII ‘t 1' . ‘

He turned off the shower and stood staring at the smooth, shiny
tub, which appeared slightly blurred due to his condition. His
unathletic, slightly pudgy frame shook and his teeth chattered as he
dried himself in the cool bedroom. He began putting on his clothes
very meticulously, taking care to adjust his trousers and belt to com-
fort, and making sure that each button was being inserted into the
corresponding hole. The task became a trial when one button
started causing trouble and in a fit of frustrated anger he yanked the
patterned, silky—smooth short-sleeved shirt over his head, and toss-
ed it wildly on his bed. For every reason and no particular reason it
set off a chain reaction and Arthur, his mind whirling with rage, cold
sweat dripping down his back, began to push small things over.

“What? i . . . ” he tried to speak, the words torn and stammered
with the pressure in his head. His expression registered shock as his
lips quivered. Emotions were attacking again and he bit his knuckle
until the physical pain conquered all.

to.

“Good morning Mr. Bennings," was what Jervis most probably
said to him as they passed in the lobby of the apartment building, but
Jervis' lips had moved past Arthur too quickly for him to be sure. He
swung the door open and stood stiffly, staring out at the dense mass
of placid New York faces, each attached to bodies that trudged
robot-like through their Saturday leisure routines. He sighed ner-
vously and entered the craziness that is the human assembly line.
Slowly, the thoughts came to him again from all sides, and he paus-
ed, hand rubbing brow, on the side of the road. Then, amidst his
growing mental delirium, he felt, quite suddenly, a presence. it was
almost as if he could hear something. Arthur turned his head to the
left and saw little more than people and bricks. On the right side
were the sun, the frank vendor, etcetera, and feeling.
Something. One of life’s meaningless, rapidly gaining meaning in
new light. An insignificant in a world of false self—significance. On the
corner of the block, there was a man who stood perfectly straight,
with his feet inches from the edge of the pavement, as if in prepara»
tion for a lovely swan dive into the ugliness of filth and waste. The
man wore a black jacket, a brown pair of pants, and a pair of ob—
viously pitch black sunglasses; obvious only because of the thin,
year worn cane, which he held in his right hand with a firm grip of
awareness and caution for anyone who might try to steal it. The
man was tapping the cane against the sidewalk as a signal for so»
meone to walk him across, and Arthur, with his mind's ears, could
almost hear the tap, tap, tap. He approached the man slowly, for
fear of scaring him away. He imagined his humble self, newly
burdened with hostility, as almost a reincarnation of an evil which
can be sensed by all. He reached for the man nervously, trying to
conceal both his pain and his joy at being given this priviledge. Ar-
thur grasped the blind man’s arm, which was warmly received with a

r

 

 

   

so: .h
' “we:

,mendty smile and the movement of the man's arm. which moved to
rest softly upon Arthur's shaking elbow.

“1'11 walk you across, " mumbled the partially muted Arthur who
choked slightly while gulping down the lump in his throat.

The man put his hand over his mouth and then replaced it upon
Arthur's elbow. “Are you deaf, my friend?," he asked. knowing the
answer. Arthur struggled to read the blind man’s lips through his
own tears, and after squinting to get every other word. he stuttered
the response of “ye . . ye . . yes!" He began to sob uncontrollably;
an action that was barely quelled by the thrust of a handkerchief into
his hand. The accompanying words, unread by Arthur were,
“Please my friend, dry your eyes so that l may be able to help with
your problem." A car honked obnoxiously at the pair who stood
motionless in the middle of the road. and the blind man poked
abrubtly at Arthur, who glanced quickly. Then he walked the man to
the other side of the street, emitting cries that were soon pacified in
the tear-soaking movement of the handkerchief.

The blind man felt for Arthur's
head and. upon finding. he
pointed it in a position with its
general direction aimed at his
mouth. Then he pointed at his
own lips and said. “Please. speak
slowly." With that he placed his
fingers on Arthurs lips and throat.
in order to feel the vibrations of the
sounds.

“1 may be going blind." said Ar»

 

 

 

 

 

thur, trembling wildly.

A sign of sympathy preceeded the man's response. “Such is life.
such is life."

They walked silently for a moment before the blind man asked.
“Tell me, my friend, what is it that scares you the most? is it the
blur?"

"No. Isolation," replied Arthur and be imagined himself floating in
a world with nothing but absolute silence and total darkness. A
world without warning, where fear is king and victims are only pitiful
slaves to the cause of life's injustice. The self-pity was beginning to
increase again, but Arthur forced it back.

“Ah, that's understandable," said the blind man.

“It's the loneliness. The terrible fear of being all alone that makes
me lose control." Arthur's emotions were surging upward again.
and they forced all their energy into his next question of the blind
man. “Why me?"

“God's will," was the reply of the blind man.

Arthur shifted his head and hands from side to side in frustration.
and the other man lost his placement on Arthurs face. Silently, he
grabbed for a graspable fr cial feature and eventually found the nose.

‘t‘ t

 

   

 

 

  

\\
\\
it.

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  ‘ ’ ' " V I - .‘._.-V,‘ t ‘ 7‘. ‘ , ,7 , V ,. .. .. til...“ _...‘»- I. ...... . .
' ' .ic _ . .

   

“it's not God's will," Arthur cried, “This is never God’s will.”

“Well it's certainly not yours or mine, is it?"

“No,” answered Arthur, wiping his eyes.

"Whatever you do, don’t ask ‘why me', ever," started the blind
man, “Because you‘ll end up feeling sorrier for yourself, and that’s
no good." '

"How do you know?," quizzed Arthur, his voice laced with an
edge of hostility. "What makes you so sure?"

The blind man chuckled slightly before announcing, “that's not
important. ljust know. Besides, you know that yourself. You're just
having trouble realizing it. Haven't you thought about how bad it is
to ask that question of yourself?"

He Was a child of three when he went deaf from a fever. His
parents asked ‘why him' and the doctoranswered their questions us-
ing all his medical knowledge. He was a younger man with brown
horn rims and coke bottle bottoms as glasses. He understood the
disease and calmed the parents, realizing their fear and selfsblame.
The doctor saw the boy whenever possible and tried to open up the
ears of his mind to the beauty of sounds in imagination. “The boy's
had three years of hearing," he said to himself. “He can be saved."

The little boy needed time to develop his curiosity before asking
questions about his fate. When thz time came, his parents had
already rehearsed their routine. But there was little feeling to what
they said. Words of comfort were given mainly when they were
cried for. It wasn't their fault. of course. Deafness was not something
they understood. The boy tried to comprehend by remembering the
past. He didn't ask ‘why me' too often. He was busy, trying to fit into
a life of special schools. children with varying levels of unaccep—
tance. and a growth of senses due to the loss of one. And if his
parents' confusion, his doctor's understanding. and his view of
nature taught him anything. it was this '4 how to feel. And that was
something he did very well.

“Yes. Yes i know how bad it is to ask that of yourself," replied Ar—
thur. remembering the blind man's question. He closed his eyes and
imagined his world, if without hearing and sight. Walls were closing
in and Arthur, red-faced and hands on forehead, screamed in
claustrophobic agony. Life seemed nearly lifeless.

“So don't ask the question. Ours is not to reason why. my friend.
Especially for you and l. Ours is but to do. There is no other way."

i He tried to listen
to the blind man's
5.. words but his mind
was elsewhere. He
was sitting. in fetal
position. surround
‘~ ' ed on six sides by
t dark walls that all
but touched him
He was uncomfor
table, even an
noyed, and he struggled to free himself from the box that was begin-
ning to suffocate him. Then. after resigning himself to a fleeting mo-
ment of relaxation, he realized that the walls were shifting. He stret-
ched his legs and saw himself grow whole again. He was lying in a
beautiful field of green, where he could see the trees, smell the spr-
ing, taste the air. touch the flowers and hear the birds. Arthur didn't
quite understand, and his confusion brought him back to reality.
There he stood, in front of the doctor's office, squinting at the blur-
red address before him.

“You’re not shaking, my friend,” said the blind man.

“i know," replied Arthur. “But l'm still nervous."

The two men parted and Arthur‘walked up the stairs slowly, look-
ing for office number 207. After reaching the second floor landing,
he glanced to his left, and his eyes met a long row of flowers,
planted in a soil box five feet long, and raised three feet off the
ground. Arthur walked over to the plants and smelled the honey-
like sweetness of its velvet petals. After a sigh of satisfaction hecon-
tinued his walk through the aisle, looking at the numbers on each
door. He still wasn't ready to hear what the doctor might say — he’d
never be ready. But some thoughts had changed. “Mine is but to
do," he heard himself say, and he sighed sadly. He grabbed the
door handle, letting the coolness of the metal shoot through him,
and then entered the office, with the intent in mind of at least trying

to accept fate.

 

 

 

/
.' a?

 

For some, life may seem lifeless. But for all who can feel, any
realization is possible. Possible to sense the wonder that is life. 0

 . .... uni-<94...

“an... .... ... ......

r.’

 

