..Aseq.c"t3,l-. .  .,   

Eb had been told since
that faith' and good works were essential to
find Providence and ultimately insure his
salvation. Being somewhat Impresstorrable
and never prone to 'argue (vith his elders. Eb
agreed with a good portion of this precept. but
still harbored doubts as to whether Providence

 
 

he could remember

 

 
  

fact, a city In Rhode Island.

“Why don't we go there and find out?" ask~
ed a particularly inspired Flo and within
'minutes the two were off on a quest that Eb
knew would resolve Itself with either some
divine Insight, or a terse sentence filled with
irony that said. In effect, “Hey. God's right
here. you don't have to go looking for Him."

But Eb, knowing full well, also, that it Is the
ourney that provides the essence of life and
not the destination, decided to stop first at the
home of his friend and confidant.§ol. at pre-
sent an unemployed social worker and back-
up singer for Man Ray and the Running Dogs,
a local Marxist rock band of moderate acclaim.
Sol's real name was, actually. David Cohen.
but he preferred the shorter. more concise.
and monosyllabalic “Sol”. which, as he exA
plained. had connotations of the sun (solar)
and at the same time. did not divorce him

   
 
 
   

 

t mmrrtr .. iv from his ethnic background.

 

So Eb thought, was an interesting
character. He lived only a few houses down
and was more than happy to give an audience

One From Column A

 

 

l'ni not going to lie. The first thing I did
when I got my Ken (foil was take off his
clothes, There was nothing there. Two years

daughter Showers. I remembered; Ken let me
down. Especially when I fotitid out that Barbie
could wear his shoes. and enjoy them. if I
wanted her to,

So. Barbie anti Kerr. the ideal couple going
on a picnic. going to a hall. eating macaroons.
thrown against a wall. My wall: they frustrated
the shit out of me. I would work out this
elaborate fantasy. all leading up to the kiss
since genitalia were in absentia. It's the hoary
details. I thought. Will Barbie walk or leap?
Will she go (fit, diditt. didee. will she stop anti
pick up a headsup penny? Can [just say Bar-
bie and Ken are in the theatre. or do i have to
provide transportation?

I never did make them talk. One day. after
seeing the Korvettsian price tag on the Barbie
evening gown. I decided it was all over, Barbie
answered the door nude. and Ken pretended
to feel her up. I closed the black plastic case
and shoved it under my sister's unmade bed. I
picked up my tool box. stuck a Highlights
under my arm. and proceeded to fix a faulty
blender. Hrrumph.

“Brrr.” says Goofus. “it's fuckin' cold In
here." Gallant offers to tend the fire. "You're a
wimp, Gallant. Make me some eggs." Gallant
offers to make some eggs. Sado-Masochism iii
its primal forin. i learned not to push little boys
in the mud and to save the last piece of cake
for Mother. In the dentist's office. while others
read Newsweek and Sports Illustrated. i still
choose Highlights. Gallant still makes my teeth

tingle. _
“C'mon, Goof, let's go. i doni want to be

Friday Observer

His ritime is I’S. short for Perennial Student,
At 25 years old, he'really considers SUNYA
home: he likes HAS food, laments about no
longer residing on Colonial Quad and has
taken most courses this place has to o/lcr A»
twice. He's hanging pit! or his lotiori'te bar. The
Rat, with a new ticqtiiriritrincc. [in]. short for
Bored Already I‘TL'SllpL‘IbUH,

"You ktrow Baf. I sure Whit the/'d play
WCI)I3 down here. Now that's my radio sta-
tion "

"How can you be so flippant when we
might be at war soon?"

"What's the matter. afraid of being drafted?"

"Well. I thought I'd spend a semester
abroad, but I really hadn't planned on
Afghanistan."

"I lorrhooi l love it! All the women libbers
suddenly are sounding like Suzy l lornernaker
The career women are saying "The hull Willi

the ERA! My husband will be lord and master!"
LL

 

 

before. my mother had called a halt to father» 7

Providence arid find the truth?"

 

"-9 st““€?".‘i"9.‘9"99"

 

w ...... at.-. wow: .,.,_, .. A.

Page 40

 

     

 

 L'ioks'An'd'Fthetorio

 

Bob O’Brian

‘_ Finglins
Provulence

to Eb and Flo. two people he considered close
friends. Sol was of medium height and well-
built. He could go around shirtless without
fear of embarrassment or derision from others.
Sol had a nice smile and shoulder-length hair
that he occassionally tied back in to a pony-
tail: On one wall in Sol's bedroom was a
photograph of the sun at sunrise. with an in-
scription by Thoreau on it; on the other wall
were quotations of Kahlil Gibran's decoupag-
ed on 5 x 8 blocks of wood. Sol wore flannel
shirts, no matter what‘the weather. and old.
faded bluejeans which girls happily patched-
trp for him. He smoked pot and played a little
guitar. but only iii the presence of his lady.
Marci. who was actually named Marcie. btit
had dropped the  when she was fourteen.

“So.' Sol." inquired Eb with widiueyed
eagerness. “are you going to help us look for
“A man looking for Providence." counsel
ed Sol with a smooth resonance, “wrfl ftiid the

late I'll drive." In a Volare on the B Q E.
Gallant merged, (ionlus said. “if Nancy Drew

shows up. I'll barf,"

I had dressed carefully for this lunch date. in
shades of wheat and sunset They would. I
knew. he iii electric colors. brilliant blues and
magenta. calf liiglr cowboy boots. The Bagel
Nosh was on Seventh Avenue. near the
showrooms they \vnrked iii. selling the line for
their fat fingered bosses. Seventh Avenue is
pinkie rings and pinches on the ass. garment
racks like bumper cars It is high‘fashiorr and
cut throat. like a safari of English lords and
ladies along the Amazon Betty and Veronica
had been iravigatiiigdhe currents for a few
years. They had irot found Worrieii's Wear
Daily to be all that different from Archie Coni~
lcs; tl‘iy still lurng outfits every frame. Still.
the prospect of our reunion unnerved me.

They were sure to be sleek. sophisticated. I
had perrenial Visible Parity Line.

On line. a clean Ken stood otrt like a glass of
milk in Seymour Levrn's Kasha Hut. In front of
him. a pert Barbie in smart shoes with little
heels.

“lion? Mayo on that roast beef? Yoti did
say poppy. didn't you?" asked Keri.

“Oh Ken! Does that blueberry cheesecake
look irivitlng? Doesn't Il. Ken?"

Ken was watching a smug blond-haired
youth complain. "Look. it's waste. I don't
want all this cream cheese. I don't want to bite
into cream cheese arid see my teeth marks in
it. So stop. lady. huh? Could you ptit another
bagel on ilrat?"

“Hey Goof." said his placid pal with parted
hair. “Just scrape it off,"

They paid: Goofus seethed, “We should've

Lie. not the Truth."

“I assume." said Flo. “that the same holds
true tor a woman." Flo was denied the
wisdom of Sol's retort when Eb interrupted.

"Oh come on." he joked with [caustic irA
reverence. “if you can't trust God. who can
you trust? Or is it whom?"

"What?" Flo asked. bewildered.

“If you can't trust God A is it who can you
trust? Or whom can you trust?"

"Well. let me see". said Flo. partially to
herself, “Eleven people were killed In Cincin»
nati In a rock concert given by the Whom , . .
no. it's who."

"That reminds me of a story". interjected
Sol whose legs were beginning to ache
because of the lotus position he was sitting in.
“it scents that there was this executive from
Motown who was under suspirrorr of the
government for unscrupulous marketing prac
tices Eventually. he was indicted because he
wouldn't tell them how he sold his soul "

Conchita Rodriguez and Shirley Beans

asel lloshtals

gone to Nathan's. This is pure Melba toast.
What the hell are you staring at?" he strapped
at Ken,
“ .or a Napoleon I wonder if they're
good here, Ken?"

I had invited others to Jttitl us Little Lotta.
Dot Polka. Ellen Tibbets and I'ippi Longstock
ing. Lotta was on Scarsdale. arirf didn't think
she'd be able to withstand the temptation of
bacon and cream cheese on a garlic bagel. Dot
was opposed to Bagel Nirsh. because of their
hole-only policies (llei boycott of
Dillikln'DOillllﬁ resulted in the liberation of
millions of Munchkins.) Ellen was in day care
administration in Yonkers. aird sent her
regrets. '

Pippi arrived first: one airteriiralike braid
distinguished her from the Cinandre'd crowd.
She was teaching anthropology at CCNY and
wore a Virginia Woolf t-shlrt, rumpled purple
skirt. and wonderful striped knee socks. a la
Barlow. I joined her at the round table. Her
tray was filled with cups of cucumber salad.
rice pudding. and one tea with lemon. Her
front teeth had yet to come in.

We chatted pleasantly. about open admis-
sions, Ed Koch. and the recent nitirder of Joy
Adamson, Then. with movements sleek as
Elsa's, Betty arid Veronica slid in to the table.
Their trays Were identical: Jarlsberg on
sesame. coffee black.

“Too much cocaine this Weekend." com-
plained Veronica. blowing her nose. A hell of
an opening line, I thought. Betty smiled
genially. asked how my dissertation was coni-
iiig. "Very well," I said. eschewing details
Betty and Veronica do not know from Karl

ear The 'I'orc

“Shove it. PS. They want to draft us. but
they ltitVt'ii'f even passed the IZRA "

“Rosalyn Carter wants you to go "

"Let her send Amy first."

"Well. as usual. there is a solution. and Iain
offering nry services to help the Women of this
country "

“And how will you do that"

“Pregnancy, I"t)t a small fee, I'll start my
one ili<t|t crusade to ltt‘i‘]! wriiiieii off the front
lines and in the bedroom Maybe I'll take out
air ad in the newspaper"

"And maybe I'll put you in the obituary col
umn."

"Oh come now. let's not get testy oVer a lit
the war."

"Well aren't you worried?"

“Yeah, btit what can you do? I mean hack
in the ‘f'rfi's. It was fashionable to burn draft
cards. That was an immoral war It was so no
ble to be against It."

"And ioday?"

“Today Muhammad Ali says he'd fight
illt.’i't' You want to know wiry this generation
opposes going to war? Nostalgia and simple
distaste of being maimed or killed, Isn't that
ridiculous!"

"t )lr sure. I've always had an inner yearning
for a really good rnaliii."

"Well. I figure if my country calls. l'll serve,
lint. you see l'rn a pacifist. Maybe the forest
rangers protecting the trees and the
arid binokeyl"

“What a guy Why not go to Canada?"

“After what they did for us in hair? What
kind of thanks would that be? I slitrttltl start a
draft dodgers campaign to Mexrcof (fan you
iiiragine that government complaining to
Washington about American wetbacks?"

"No. but I'm sure you can . . , "

"And the Olympics -- take them out of
Moscow, for sure!"

bushes . .

Eb and Flo left their friend laughing and met
Marci at the door who had just come over to
massage Sol's sore legs. Already she began to
cough from the thick pail of Incense that
permeated the house.

“He wasn't much help." observed Flo.

“Before we go any further. Flo. let's stop for
a bite to eat," Acting on Eb's suggestion. the
pair entered Into the worst part of town. the
Caesarian section. in pursuit of a relatively
cheap diner. They stumbled onto a small din-
ing emporium on a dlmly~lit street and entered
with no apprehension. A tall. beefy man with
thinning sait-and-pepper hair. wearing a
grease-stained apron greeted them without
smiling. Eb and Flo sat down. careful to avuid
touching the sticky. linoleumtop counter
Turning to Eb. Flo noticed In the periphery. a
sullen and nervous-looking couple who were
not talking to each other. They had just had
sex and were hungry. Flo stood tip and Iib's
eyes fixed on the contours of her vulva.
highlighted by her especially tight pants lie
felt a hard stool moving into his lower intestine
and excused himself to go to the Men's room
Flo smiled an almost sinister smile as if she had
just been imbued with sortie kindred
knowledge that tirade her incredibly t‘lll
pathetic and enlightened.

"Hey," she yelled to the tall. beefy gut.
"How do we get to Providence?"

"'l'hat's easy," he answered “Take I ‘iti err-st
to Route It) and go all the way up "

Marx. They would confuse dialectic with hair
gliug over the price of a silk chemise

The No Shows.

No Nancy Drew to check the food for hair

.iosie and the pussycats (aka ABBA) on tour
in Paraguay.

.Iuggiekins. changing bed pairs at Sloane
Kettering said. “We'll see."

Archie and Reg. backpacking iir Elizabeth.
NJ.

Mr. Weatherbee and Miss Grundy in the
Tally Ho Nursing Home. Virginia li-ar h.
reading Edgar Cayce.

Big Ethel O.I).'Li at a party with Anissa
Jones-Buffy. (You must admit the girl had
problems.)

Bio Moose and Midge. on a 'l'uppeiware
Florida vacation.

“You know, " said Pippi, "the last time we
were all together was at Ethel's funeral"
Gallant corrected her: “No, it was at Little
Moose's bris."

"Anyway." continued Pippi. “we must do
this again soon."

A bored Goofus left early, dragging an
apologetic Gallant behind him.

Richie Rich landed on the Bagel Nosh
Heliport. He wanted to take us to Cadiz for
wine margueritas. But Betty and Veronica had
to meet the boys at the Port Authority.
Besides. his cousin Reginald was going and
nobody liked Reginald.

Everyone except Babs and Ken declined
‘Rain checks?" asked Richie. He offered to
take us home In his Lear Jet. Well. actually. I
asked him to, 'cause I knew I had to provide
the transportation, .

Thomas Martello

“And put them where?"

"Right here, at good old SUNYA!"

"What. are you high?"

“Sure - sure. it's far fetched. but with a little
rearranging of events. it can he done "

"ifearrauging ewnts? What Would the
(trucks say?"

"it will have to fit the strengths of llit‘
SUNYA campus We tati boot some of the
larger events and lli‘itfi‘l our mvri 1 tan we it
now: the Mohawk ill floor lrurdlc-r' iliI'
bell tower sliiuiniyiiig event The I’eritnctvi
Road death race 7 ite'll put teams in gn'cn
buses and give them points for picking off iiitt
ut- 

Your eyes are lighting up,"

"And frisbeesl international Irisbee chain
pionships at my home school campus! We i an
have a synchronized wading competition at
the fountains! A Buffalo accent event' All t an

 

 

 

continued on page Itln

 

 

 

 

..............--..................-.....-~~....c..r

,tr

 

 

 

 

 

. r l

Aspects

1 A»  “Wu—5......

i

. ‘ _ Feature

 

 

 

Page 50

 

 

Fixin’--to-Live Fla

“The mass 0/ inert serve the state thus. not
as men mainly but as machines. with their
bodies . . . In most cases there is no free exer-
cise whatever of the judgment or of the moral
sense: but they put tlierrisclties on a level with
,tcood and earth and stones . , Such coni-
rrrand no more respect tlinrr men of straw or a
lump of dirt. "

Eric Koii

      

~llenrv David Thoreau

 

 

Our lives of abundant personal freedom.
with the ability to control our own destiny
(within the guidelines of the CUE office) may
soon be over, If old “Blood anti Guts" Carter
has his way We'll be getting our draft cards in a
few months Tlien‘it's only a matter of time
before, our fate is in the hands oi the short
haired kid in your PoltSci class with the
ROTC scholarship

This whole business about the draft may just
be a fancy [it ilitical maneuver by Carter to look
strong to conservatives. or a weapon to foster
"American litt])t‘t'trilltril|" in the Midi-last. or a
genuine reaction to air increasing Soviet threat
in the Mid Ilast and the decreasing power of
Aiiit'iit‘rttt iilflllt’llt'i‘ all over the world,

Whatever ilit‘ i attsc is, unless you are (‘titi'
vinced that it is tcoith killing. and dying for.
you should lltil ft’t‘l that you have to serve.
You owe it in yourself in consider beating the
draft if you have (l|l\.' doubts about the \k‘iitill
of the nurse

And With that profound note. \i‘tt will look at
LEGAL WAYS TO BEAT THE DRAFT

There |‘~ llti Iliiilliilllt't‘ ilrat you «an beat iiit'
draft by staying lll st lltitil litiiing the Vietnam
"War  inml urnlt'igrrrdnatt-s were iitil dialled
they degrees However

tiirtil got their

a the-bran, IDS.

 

Today Army, As green by a Soldier

u

The Army is not what I expected it to be, but it’s good experience. i

mean. they make you grow up fast. The sergeants come doWn on you
hard. There is a lot of pressure on you. You've got to be able to take it.
Some of the guys can't . they just break down and cry. just like little
children. One guy in my barracks couldn't handle itat all. We were out
‘ in the field. in the foxholes. He took the muzzle of his M-16 rifle and put
it right here. underneath his jaw. and pulled the trigger. and blew off his
head. The next day there were long red trails in the sand where the rain
had carried the blood."

18 yr. old Army Private. in the Albany Trailtuays Bus Station. return-
ing lionre for Christmas vacation after 2 weeks in Basic Training. Dec.

Men classified as C () 's during Vietnam
'had to serve for two years in a crvrlian caprici-
ty, at a job that was usually "derrianding.
humanitarian anti badly paid." according to
one army offictal.

Another way to be disqualified is to fail the
physical examination. Over half of those re
jectt'd during WW if were ir'jt'rtr'd because
they failed their physical l\IllUiiIl llii' tnost
(:flllllllffll l't'tlhflll\ \\'t‘l't' liltlll' tlllfl lllll‘rl'lt‘
disorders. flat feet. ptroi eigcsiglii. varicose
veins. bleeding lreiuorrlroids. ulters. hedwet-
ting, litiiiiirserxuiility. shortness (under it feet).
tallntiss (ti\‘|'l tr feet). and obesity

izvt'ii if you don't fit
categories. lllt‘l|' are wfilf plenty of
ILLEGAL WAYS TO BEAT THE DRAFT

/\ pamphlet distributed bi.‘ nii‘iinti war group
hour the ilftl\’t‘i~if\,i iif ( alifitiiiia at Berkeley
during the Vietnam 'War" gave llli' following

Ittiti any of these

17. I979.

nion pin on your arm for .r few \u'eks in ad
Vance."

All of these tactics are designed to get you
either a physical. or psychiatric draft defer
iiit‘lif Abbie Ifoffriian tells of a sure way to get
a psychiatric deferment:

"Begin by staggering up in a cop arid telling
him you don't know who you are. or where
you live lle'll arrange for you to be t'llilllflt'lt'tl
to the nearest mental hospital There you
repeat your performance. dropping the L'lllt'
that you have used LSI) Ill illt' past. but you
aren't sure if you are on it now til not fit tlllt'
time. they'll ptit you tip for the night When
morning comes. you bounce out of bed,
rr'rirt'inbei who you are, siwar you'll never
drop and again and thank everyone \\IIU took
care of you. Within a few liiruis you Will be
tll‘~tlt2ttflt‘tl I)trir't be uptiijlrt .iliiriit iliurkrnrj
llti\\' they'll kick you up Ion-\er tanw you

 ﬂ

back and take up with the weathermen.

“Check off as many Items as can't be
verified when given the forms. Suicide. diny
spells, bed-wetting. dope addiction. homosex-
uality. hepatitis: Be able to drop a few symp-
toms on the, psychiatrist to back up your story
of rejection by a cold and brutal society that
was Indifferent. from a domineering father that
beat you. and mother that didn't understand
anything. Be able to trace your history of bad
family relationships, your taking to the streets
at 15 and .eventually your getting "hooked."
Let him “pry” things out of you. if possible.

A Vietnam draft dodger from MIT gave this
advice on getting a psychiatrist deferment:
“Specialization is the answer.

Pick out a promising little psychosis. Study it
deeply. Read textbooks. case histories. learn
the proper symptoms and only the proper
symptoms. Remember. If you can‘t outsmart a
slirinker. how can you trope to deal wttlr a
sergeant?" ‘

If you can't get your draft deferred. another
possibility is to go underground This Is risky
though. During the Vietnam "War" if you got
caught draft dodging, you Could have faced
tip to five years itnprisornitent. and $10,000
in litres

()f course. you cati always leave the couri-
tiy (Tanada. the all time favorite during Viet‘
irain will probably not be safe in the future
though. Canada was leaving American draft
dodgers alone dutiirg Vietnam only because
they objected If) US. foreign policy in
Southeast Asia If the draft is brought back
now. Canada Will probably be r orisidered an
ally. and roopr'i'ate With the US lll enforcing
Ilrt' draft

llt)\\’t‘\'t'l. Sivcdeir ~.tIil seems like a pretty

 

Week For Present 0

 

IF your blood boils at

Itilap treachery and Ntlz
make you see red and itch
——c.ilm yourself with the
that 111' .i/m/l [my t/Jcm lmcl’:

Make Your Choice This

Officers’ Training

thought of an enslaved world ; a -.

In Officers’ Training

* To Man the MighfieszirArmyin the World

 

r Future

the very

i savagery
for a gun

promise
wit/J cum-

 

THREE ENLISTMENT PLANS
FOR COLLEGE MEN

 

Juniors—Sophomores—Freshmen
May Continue Their Education

1. A new plan allows Juniors,
Sophomores and Freshmen, aged
18 to 26, inclusive, to enlist in the
Air Force Enlisted Reserve and
continue their schooling, provided
they maintain satisfactory scholas-

Aviation

If you

 

expenses paid.

engineering you can try for a
commission in the ground crew—in
Armament, Communitations, Engi-
neering, Meteorology, P$0tography.

As a Second Lieutenant on active
duty, your pay ranges from $183 to
$245 :1 month.

80% Have Won Commissions

ltr printed from u I042 ASP

 

 

 

Cadet at $75 a month, with

have majored in science or

I

 

freshmen iii the lower half of their class.
sophomores in the lower third of their class,
and juniors iii the ower fourth of their class
were eligible for the draft. and a few were
taken, If you were a border line case. you
might have been able to stay out by switching
your major to one considered by draft boards
as "more vital to the country. like engineering.
chemistry. and math."

Brit even if you graduate. or dropout. there
are other ways to beat the draft During the
Vietnam "War" other reasons that they
postponed drafting individuals included liaith
ship. occupational. and heiirg a conscientious
objector. You would qualify for a hardship
deferrrit-nt if you were providing vital financial
support to your fairiily, You would qualify for
an occupational deferment if you were work
ing iii a position where you were vital to your
company. and the company was vital to the
nation

To qualify for Conscientious ()lilt't‘lttl' status
you would have to be able to covitrce yotti
draft board that you have "sincere moral ob-
jt't tions to war" in relation in a “Supreme be
ing," or (hid Although the ('t'tiliril (.Toinmit»
lt‘t‘ for (Toirsclr'ntiutis ()bjet'ttrrs reported dur

ing the Vietnam War that ‘Jfr pert ent of those
who really push for the ([0 status eventually
got it. there are some drawbacks.

ways to impress your draft board:
"Be an undesirable (lo for a couple of
weeks without a shower. Really look dirty
Long hair helps _ (in in barefoot with your sari
rials tied around your neck" , , .

"Be gay, Play the homosexual bit, Mark
'yes' or doti't mark the “i Inmosr-xual tenden-
cies" line on the form. Psychiatrists may give
you the runar'ound, hut stick With it, Besides
flicking your wrist. move your body a little. like
the girls do  hold a cigarette delicately. talk
irrr'thodically. act embarasserl lit front of the
other guys when you undress Ask your girl
friend to give you lessons" . . .

“Arrive high, They'll smell it. and you wrin't
have to admit it If you want to go about the
addiction scene it) a really big Way. use a corn

really are nuts The hospitals measure victories
by how quickly they can throw you out the
door They are all overcrowded anyway
"In most areas. a one night stand in a men
tai hospital is enough to convince the shrink at
the induction center that you're capable of
eating the flesh of a colonel, Just before you
go, we a sympathetic psychiatrist and explain
your sad mental shape He'll get verification
that you did time in a hospital and include it in
his letter ilrat you'll take along to the induction
cttiilt't.
“When you get to the physical examination
talk to the other guys about how rotten
the war is, and how if you get forced to go.
you'll end tip shooting sortie officers. Tell
them you'd like the training so you can come

 

It’s only a matter of time before our
fate is in the hands of the short haired
kid in your Poli-Sci class with the

ROTC scholarship.

threat of the draft coming back increases. 0

sure bet. in the past. Swediin law required
ilrat iliey provide political asylum for draft
dodgers'aiid deserters.

HOW TO GET TO SWEDEN

If you plan to leave the country. Sweden is
probably your best bet. During the Vietnam
"War," Sweden provided political asylum for
any draft dodgers and deserters. This is pro—
bably true today. but double check before you
btiy your plane ticket. It helps to have a
passport before you leave, but it's not re-
quired. since they are required by their own
laws to let you in. In the past. if you entered
SWeden as a tourist with a passport. you could
just go to the local police station. tell them that
you were seeking political asylum, and fill out
a Iorru It was that simple. But be sure to dour
ble check with the Swedish Embassy before
you make airy plans.

If you're interested in finding out more
about heating the draft, try to get a copy of
I00) Ways To Beat The Draft. by Tull
Kupferberg 8t Robert Bashlr‘iw. Grove I’ress.
l‘)(i7. Face To Face With Your Dru/t Board.
by Allan lilackinan. World Without Wiri-
Council. 196‘). and lV~l" A Guide To Draft
lz'xeiiipiioiis by David Suttei‘. Grove Press,
1070, Althouin must of these are out of print
they should become more available as the

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. rem,” -> »

r r  i; i A: Refiﬂxv'ioa'ﬁ' A

 

 

 

