 

     
    
  
    
    
   
  
     
    
   
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

Aspects

 
 

  
    

- spects ' _

Splind and Vision

. New...” m Wow:

. r

 

page  ‘

Sound  Wotan

 

l Shear Heart Attack ‘

Cln 1971 a band consisting of Roger
‘Fisher. Steve Fossen. Ann Wilson. and
two Canadians. called themselves Hocus
Focus and struggled. Ann's' sister Nancy
played with them once in a while, but she
didn‘t officially Join the band until 1974. They
changed their '
name to Heart.

    
 

M u s h r oo in
Records In 1975.
and were on their
way. Michael
DeRosler sat in  t

on drumsand Howard Lesse helped out with
some guitar. keyboards. and some ar-
rangements during the recording session.
These two eventually Joined Heart on a full

time basis.
Douglas Matranga

A pro-album release single called “How
Deep it Goes" sank. but the albtim Drea'riboat
Annie immediately set sail for success. After
the album lleart released a stream of hit
singles beginning with “Magic Man" and
“Crazy on You" and continuing through tireir
next four albums with “Barraturla.” “Kick it
Out," "l leartless." “Straight On To You." and
their latest "Even it Up" from their new albiirri
Bebe La Strange

Bebe Lo Strange is a fast moving. rocking
album with an unusually low number of
acoustic song-r. only three like their previous
record. Dog ttlifi flutter/ly. all songs \vere writ

ten by Ann Wilson. Susan linis. and Nancy
Wilson except for two solo numbers written
each by Ann and Nancy arrdxlloger l-islrer's
collaboration on the title cut it is an ex

perimental album for Heart. For the first time
they use horns on “Even it Up" and a choir on
“Rockin' Heaven Down." But thrt'nigbout
Heart‘s career the strength of the band and the
amount of success they’ve achieved is at-
tributable. in large part to Ann Wilson's
tremendous vocal ability. The magnitude of
excitement in her voice brings every l'learl
album to its fullest potential. Bebe Lo Strange
is no exception.

Lyrically Bebe La Strange is different then
past Heart albums. The other albums were
dreamy and looked at the world not the way it

Warning Siren

S omeone should run up a flag and cheer.
John Carpenter ls back. His new film.
The Fog. is plain and simply a fun and un-
pretentious horror movie. and an uncommon-
ly entertaining one at that.

Jim Dixon

The plotline is no big deal. The Fog is a
ghost story opened in grand style by John
Houseman. who on the eve of the centennial
of a small California coast town. is telling a
wonderful "true" ghost story. A ship of settlers
one hundred years ago was run aground by a
mysterious fog and a campfire mistakenly
thought to be a lighthouse. When the fog
returns. naturally. the dead settlers will return

 

 

 

   
 

Hal Holbroolt In Jolt
ll
now thriller. Th. 1700:".n.""

-r._._'___~_

 

 

 

“ _ Strange

. r
ls. but the way they wanted it to be. The entire
Dreamboat Annie album can be taken as an
extended dream sequence. However. Bebe
La Strange is very realistic and expressive:
“My patience ran out. lgotta run out oi a habit
that used to be fun." “Strange Night" takes us
back into the dream scene of Dreamboat An-
nie. With a very heavy rock guitar infront of
an acoustic backdrop. Heart creates an eerie
setting. They try to get away from the norm
and go into a fantasia: "You're gonna lose '
who you are. We could take it pretty far. Can
there be any harm."

“Down On Me" is a beautiful blues tune featur-

.ing Howard Lesse's spirited guitar work. Also
Nancy shows .another facet oi her talent by
playing the mellotron (a keyboard instrument
imitating the sound of strings). "Break" is the
fastest moving song on the album. Lesse plays
a backward guitar solo (two guitars. double
tracked. playing contrary leads to each other
on it. Heart is known for using very off heat

funky rhythms instead of the straight hard rock
rhythms other bands rely on. “Break.” no ex-

ception. intersperses a straight-past rhythm in
the verse parts with a funky chorus. Nancy
produces a strange sound from invoking rip an
amplifier inside a tympani drum which works
very effectively ill the song.

l’eiliaps lleart's finest "liocklii'
ifeaveii flown” is a true iriasterpieie Starling
slowly. mysticrtlly. it moves into a rocky.
upbeat clrorris l‘lre Wild Angel Chorus. Nan:
iy Wilson. floivar'l Lease. lion Wllit'lttt. and

Gary llumphreys. all ioirr together rousineg

repeating "flock me home." while Lessc wails

Hftll”.

tllViH/ op elettrii guitar and Aiiri Wilson ltti
pnivises'vocalr/atuin it is a dramatic. climatic.
and awesome fili|\ll. reminiscent of "l ley
Jude" and Howie's "Memory of a Free
Festival." '

The single. “Even it Up." is a purely pop
tune. Nancy Wilson plays lead guitar and the
Tower of Power horn section adds power to
the song, it should shoot up the charts quick-
ly. "Raised On You'lis a Nancy Wilson for-
tissimo. Not only did she write it but she plays
every instrument. except drums. It's a catchy
and funky tune. Nancy's playing is extraor-
dinary. Nancy has grown a great deal since the
Drearnbout Annie days. She's broken away
from being just an acoustic guitarist. She
works on more leads and more electric
rhythm. “Silver Wheels" is a classical composi-

Down,

to seek revenge on the owners of that camp
fire.

Oi course. the fog returns at night. and the
crew of a small fishing trawler are murdered by
the all but unseen inhabitants of an old clipper
ship that appears beside them.

The plot. like Carpenter's biggest success.
lfuflorueen. stays simple. to a point. and
reasonably logical if the general premise of.
ghosts appearing out a luminescent log is ac
cepted.‘ The idea is to put the characters
through a terrifying night in which most of
them meet horrible deaths. The acting in tin-
notable. and there is no message or moral.
(Thank God for little favors.) What makes The
Fog so damn much fun is the fact that it rises
all the best items in a horror director's bag oi
tricks to scare you silly. . '

The violence. which is often quite strong. is
generally implied. Again like Halloween. there
is very little blood on screen. Carpenter Works
on a principle of creating as much suspense as
possible and holding it for as long as possible.
A trick he seems particularly fond oi is building
up a great deal of suspense in a fairly brief
span oi tlrne and then letting it all amount to
nothing. only to then scare the audience to
death with something small anti innocuous,

The characters don't matter much. but the
heroine this time around is Adrienne Barbeau.
as the owner oi a radio station who gives play
by plays of the fog's progress. (Not to give
anything away. but her station, situated on a
lonely point in an old lighthouse. is a great

place to be trapped In if some ghosts should
happen to knock on the front door.) Return-
lng from Halloween. Jamie Lee Curtis doesn't

tton by Nancy which is quite beautiful. She has
been playing this piece live for many years.
During the Little Queen tour in 1977 she add-
ed the intro to “Crazy On You" to this piece
and performed them together. calling it “Silver
Needles," in the 1979 Dog and Butterﬂy totir
she idded both these parts to a segment from
“Hlilnx” oi Dog and Butterﬂy. Nancy's solos
on tour are always different and exciting.
The other half oi the sister combination.
Ann Wilson. shows her extraordinary musical
ability on “Sweet Darlin." She plays bass.
drums. alto ﬂute. tambourine. piano. and
acoustic guitar. in praise of Ann Wilson‘s vocal
ability little has been noted abort her musical
ability. but then she never really prayed any in-
struments on previous Heart albums except
for odd and end flute. piano. and guitar. On
Bebe La Strange she breaks away. Besides
“Sweet Darlin" Ann plays bass on a few cuts.
But. of'course. it is her voice which is most
prominent throughout the album. She sings in
top form. beautifully and flowing on “Pilot
and "Sweet Darlin"; rocky and excitineg set-
t‘ng the pace on "Break" and “Even it Up.“

     
  

Drenmbont Annie Wlloon of Heart
belts one out.

With Heart. vocals are treated as instruments
instead of Just voices. especially lead vocals.
This creates an exciting sound. and is the
tradenrark of every Heart album.
Unfortunately. Roger Fisher has left Heart
to seek a solo career. He's been a member of
Heart since the beginning. He helped form the

Terra

hlay a babysitter but is good anyway. Her
mother. Janet Leigh. (remember the shower
scene in Psycho?) is also one of the people
who gets chased by ghosts. ilal l-lolbrook
plays the alcoholic priest who finds his great
grandfather's journal which gives away the
already obvious secret of why the ghosts are in
such a bad mood.

The real star though is John Carpenter.
who keeps it all moving and never lets us
worry about such inconsequential details like
wiry Jamie Lee Curtis and her boyfriend feel
compelled to constantly endanger themselves
by chasing the log to pick up the dead bodies..
or why people insist on standing near wiri-
dows on the first floor when they know so-
meone or something is trying to break in.
Carpenter. frequently compared to Hit-
chcock. is a horror movie director‘s horror
movie director. He keeps the corpses coming.
the pace fast. and doesn't give you too much
tlrrie to think.

Carpenter is a member of a new generation
of film-makers. Having grown up with not one
or two. httt several generations of movies. he's
been influencud by them and rises them in his
own craft. Carpenter claims that Howard
i-lawks was his favorite director. and that in
The Fog there are several "nods" to llawk's
science fiction classic The Thing. More promi-
nent to modern movie fans are visual
references to George Romero's Night of the
Living Dead. Ominous silhouettes looming in
the foreground as a stalled truck full of inno-
cent victims sputters helplessly should seem
familiar. Also familiar are several shots of
creepy hands crashing through windows and

Tremors In Heartland

    

Nancy Wilson otrurno out a riff with
bravado.
band with Steven Fossen i feel that he felt
creatively stifled because he wasn't writing as
much as he wanted to for Heart. On Dream-
lrout Annie Roger co-wrote one song. But on
Little Queen he corwrote almost every song
On the last three releases he's tredited wr‘r
co writing a total of only three songs. It is
understandable why Roger Fisher wanted to
lenvr‘. He needs to be able to express hirrrself
more. i personally feel that Roger Fisher is a
great guitarist and was a very valuable part of
Heart. but i also feel that the members of
around him made him the guitarist he is
About Aim Wilson. flotier said "i still am
deeply moved by her voice and a lot of mi;
talent is directly related to the inspiration that
l've gotten from her vocals " i don't know the
whole story behind Roger’s leaving. but i wish
it could have been worked otit inside the
band. Roger will he missed in Heart. btit lliL
talent of the other musicians have compen-
sated for his absence. But who will compen-
sate for Roger Fisher?

Bebe Lu Strange is truly a great album and
an asset for everybody's collections. The
album holds the exuberance and excitement
found in Heart's live performances. Anyway
you can hear or see Heart. either through a
studio album or a live performance. is a great
experience for every music fan. Remember
that there's always room for a little Heart in
your life. 0

    

A hand reaches out from The Fog.

grabbing the hair of the idiots who stood near
them. (I told them!)

Halloween and Carpenter's earlier film.
Assault On Precinct fff were derivative of
other works. and this is integral to Carpenter's
style. He is a member of a new school o'f direc-
or which unabashedly borrows from the
masters. (Brian Del’alma. for example is a Hit-
circockiah. as to some degree is Carpenter
himself.)

The average moviegoer need not be aware
of such aesthetics. The Fog should pack them
in. as did Hitchcock. Terence fisher. and a
host of others whose greatest talent was
tomake the audience cringe and in unison
shriek: “Don't open that . . .

door . 

 

~...._.. .s...:.t

    

.r...r.r--... ..

eller Re-Kindled

’ .

' illiam Gibson's Tire Miracle Worker is
. V the sort of play that gets everyone by
. - throat. And for good reason. it is. as they
-. . a story about the triumph of the human
- _ i it. We are all familiar with the life of Helen
ller. A childhood fever left her deaf. dumb
: blind.l A dedicated and imaginative young
man named Annie Sullivan gave her a
- ge to a universe that Helen had only been
e to grab at with rough hands: Annie gave
len the ift of Ian uae

arry Kinsman

i he Empire State Youth Thebter lnstitute's
' enl production of the play reinforced a rio-

l have had for some time. ESYTl's pro-
tion problems~ that is their big ones— lie
ost invariably in the inconsistency of their
ng. For starters. Jeanne Vigilante. who
5 Annie. does very well with her lrish
ue. while the others— especially the

a;

Ibany Belamm

0 n Monday night. The Jam. one of
, England's most popular groups. came
to J.B. Scott's. For seventy minutes they born-
barded the cheering crowd with perfect com-
blnatlons of danceable tunes. thought-
...provoking lyrics. and a sound so full that you
ulgund yourself constantly making sure that
.' there are only three musicians on stage.

Vinob Edelstein

 

 

 

 “Between Friday night (the night of their

adlum performance) and Monday night.
., he Jam underwent some kind of a change.
Kiln New York City. they came on the stage
:7 looking nervous and unsure Any little error
“\f- which can only be txpecteil from a group
"Who puts all their energies lliltt each perfor
. ance —-- became a hardship. and every t ry
T "from the audience seemed to cause more and
TVS-more discomfort, One got the impression that

9..

  

  

 

‘ {The Jam were not used to playing a big

’ theatre. and that during their llt’Hl appearance
in New York on this tour. they felt slightly out
of place. All these signs were brought out
imalnly in the manner of Jarir guitarist singer

' *t'ysongwriter Paul Weller. Weller. who was the
' only Jam rnerirbr-r not enthusiastic about the
: igroup's US. tour. seemed very angry during
{the whole. performance on l’irilay. However.

‘he and the other Jain member's. (lh'uce Foxton

‘ Bass. uird llii'k lluckler ltrunre.) emerged

’on stage Monday nlght with. seemingly only

"one thing in inlird. to play an enioyabli- show,
r.',They seemed to feel more comfortable in the

._ , ."small-club" surrounding and if was evident in

(their style. liVen when a mistake was conunit
ed by each Weller and l'oxttin. Weller. a

perfectionist. had a very minor reaction in

. omparison to Friday night

' The Jam opened up Monday night with the

song “Saturday's Kltllt" from their new album
entitled Setting Sons The lll‘rl imprint-tton one
got from hearing the opening iliurrls was a

J.

 
 
  

 

    
 
  

' ( it”, , 
'An old clnsolc. The Miracle Worker. ll currently being no

 All Jammed Up

maidw have an embarassing'time with their
southern accents. What it comes down to is
that an exceptional performance will usually
make a mediocre performance look awful.
Jeanne Vigilante is. as always. superb. One
of the biggest tasks the play undertakes is the
characterization of Annie Sullivan. a woman
of high intelligence and staggering fortitude.
Vigilante takes the bit between her teeth and
runs like a thoroughbred. She loves her work.
From the first scene in which she appears.
when she is consulting with her own teacher;
Annie‘s flashing wit and earthy wisdom flow.
Later there are scenes of passion and even
violence. as when Annie gets Helen to behave
at the dinner table. Vigilante covers a whole
range. of emotions with a mastery that pulls the
character into a vibrant and living whole.
Carolyn B. Marble is also excellent as
Helen, Marble manages that seemingly tm<
possible task of maneuvering across a stage.
using her eyes. but making them appear

    

donned It the Egg.

to play at a proper balance of volume and
smoothness. with an occasional burst of sharp»
ness for emphasis. “Saturday's Kids" is a
typical Jam song in that it features some
distinctive chord work at the beginning to at-
tract attention. an incredible bass litre that
allows Foxion to play both bass patterns and
rhythm guitar patterns. and the English twang
that goes along with the vocals. Unlike many
other British performers. the accent can be
heard on every song. and it lends itself perfect-
ly.

Next came "Burning Sky". a
distinguishable mainly in its lyrics Written in
the form of a letter. the themes of “growing
up" and “changing values" were poured

stith

"home by the trio, After “'I‘hlck as 'l‘bieves." a

song about corruption that also appears on
their new album. the band played one of their
most distinctive tunes 7 “Little Boy Soldiers."
This song. which tells about the costly side of
war in terms of the “little boys" who go to fight
and die. became a living statement of war's
terrors for all those who were fortunate
enough to see the show. it's not that The. Jam
described the atrocities of war. it's that they
coldly told a story and then bowled one over
with air intensity that could incite a riot. Of the
four musical bridges. used emphatically
throughout the song. the most successful
came when Weller and Foxton were practical-
ly whispering a lullaby of death and destruc-
tion to the audience. and then followud it with
a bursting vocal of the line “it was done
beneath the flag of democracy." if you were
not convinced of their powur through sound
alone. then all you had to do was see the
squiniy-eyed. grit-toothed expression on

Weller's fare. This song flowed into “Private .

llell." which tells about the pain of individual
suffering. and lack of caring in today's society.
Unfortunately. the words of this song and of
“little Boy Soldiers" were lost to those rin-
laintliar with the new album. but even without
the words. it was difficult not to exult at war—

chlng Foxton leap into the air at the hit of a _
 w I _____'._______________ .

sightless. She brings that kinetic fury to the
part that we. know was a reality for Helen
Keller as a child. Marble's facial expressions.
from the mute howls of her anger at Annie. to
her final shattering breakthrough- when she
connects the word "water" with the actual
substance— are absolutely true and moving. it
is a feat to‘ create a character onstage without
the help of words. for what is theater if not the
written and then the spoken word?

Vigilante and Marble work beautifully
together: the dining room scene. which is
tricky for the combination of subtle acting and
stuntsmanship required. is a complete suc-
cess.

Carole B. Smith is quite good as Helen's
mother; she brings forth some of the more

‘ tenuous emotions in the play: the anxiety and

tenderness of a mother who wants to indulge a
handicapped child but has to recognize the
need for discipline. Smith has trouble.
however. with her diction. This is not as much
of a problem as it was in Smith's portrayal of
Lady Brackness in The importance 0/ Being
Earliest. btit still it detracts front other aspects
of her performance She can produce all the
passion and force for' a dramatic speech, but
the articulation is not quite there. so the speak-
ing occasionally becomes mere blowing l’aul
Villani. who plays Helen's father. shares the
saute problem. The fault is more glaring with
Vlllani. at least in this play. because he
chooses to make Keller a real southern blow-
hard. in one sense this is a rather appealing
way to do the portrayal. and works nicely with
the little subplot that goesl on with Jimmy.
Keller's weakling son. Keller has to be an
overbearing man who UVA'i‘wlttipllill'S things.
but Villarii inflates him too much The strutting
about. the wide iliiigiiig of the arms. the long
drawn southern syllables are simply carried
too far. Keller comes off like a character out of
another play: in fact. like a character out of a
comedy. As a consequence. the scenes in
which he shows tenderness

children ring. uncomfortably false. And

note. or at hearing Weller's excruciating string
bends that complemented the words “sanity at
last inside your private hell!"

The rest of the act consisted nrainly of seven
songs from the group's 1978 release All Morf
Cons. the best of which were the songs “Mr.
Clean" and “To Be Someone (Didn't We
Have a Nice Tlnie)." These songs continued
to show the filter points of the band's musi-
cianship and proved that thematically. the
group had no intention of stepping out of
character. interspersed iii the set were three of
The Jam's new songs that lravv already been
released as singles in England The most
notable of these was “Dreams of Children."
which featured a searing vocal interplay bet-
ween Weller arrd Foxton. and the catchy. un-
predictable nrusic line that is a key to some of
the band's more. interesting songs.

The highlight of the show. however. came
in the performance of three songs. “Butterfly
Collectors." done after the fast-paced songs
that opened the show. was a slower. more
yocalrorlented song. and it featured long
waves of yellow light that shot out and
enveloped the group from behind. “Eton
Rifles." the band's biggest hit in England for
107‘). began and ended with Weller sitting
next to the amplifier. trying to create feedback
from his guitar to get the effect he produced
on Setting Sons. And finally in "Strange
Town." the extra cut on the domestic release
of the new album. the band was able to pro-
duce. the best translatlor'i of the night. by taking
a typical Jam song and making it into a stir-
prislngly good ruckaHoll song that had
everyone dancing.

The only song of the. night not done as well
in performance as it had been done in the
studio was “Snrlthersdones”. a Foxton corn-
position that parodies the beauty of violins
and other strings. with the theme of a man
alienated and forgotten in the business cycle.
The strings were impossible to reproduce. and
Weller and Foxton used their regular irr-
sirurrienis. The song was fairly well done, btit

toward his,

Miracle At The Plaza ’-

Villanl's dictlo'n is poor. What he cannot give
in clean articulation. he gives in wind. The
dialogue itself. however. suggests that Keller is
something of an orator. Vlllani is lust the
wrong man for the part. His questionable per-
formance is made to look even maker
alongside those of Vigilante and Marble.
Stephen D. Boaden. who plays James.
Keller's complaining son. is completely out of
his depth. Boaden is listed in the program as
an Apprentice Teacher-Artist. While 1 applaud
the company's teaching. i cannot overlook the
damage done by having such an obviously in-
experienced performer in a production that
nearly reaches the sublime whenever its lead
actresses are onstage together. At times it
seems Boaden has stumbled in from a Ten-'
nessee Williams play at Albany HighWhile
James is a weak. mincing sort of character. he
does have a couple of scenes— particularly
the one in the summer house where he asks
Annie to teach him— when a strong presence
is essential. Boaden slinply hasn't got it, Not
yet anyway. . '
Oddly enough. my only other objections
have to do with the text of the play itself. The
first scene in which Annie appears
degenerates into the maudlln when the blind
children appear. reciting certain lines in
unison. as they present Annie with a parting
gift The other truly off-putting thing is the
ghostly presence of Annie's dead brother. This
may be only the playwright's passing bow to
an historical fact. in the story of Annie and
Helen. however it is striiply an intrusion.
The sets and lighting are very good. as they
usually are at The Egg. My one big misgiving
about this company is that they are irot larger.
They do extraordinary things. considering the
speed with which they move from one play to
another. and especially in view of the fact that
at least fifty percent of their time is taken up
with teaching in New York State schools, it
seems a shame to let a production that could
truly fly settle into the ordinary on account of
one or two casting problems. o

it cart only be viewed as a disappointment
when compared to the masterful achievement
of the song on the album.

The Jam did one encore. and it consisted of
three songs: the title track from the album All
Mod Cons. the group's version of “(Love is
Like a) Heatwave" (which puts Linda's version
to.shame). and their rcvwork of the Kinks~
song “David Watts." Then. The Jam left the
stage. amidst the continuous cries of “Jam.”
In the City." and "This is the Modern World'
by the crowd who. like myself. would have lik~

 

 

 

 

 

ed to have heard sortie songs from those first
two Jam albums just mentioned. l'lOWever.

    

,Vr.‘

Paul. Bruce. and ﬂick: The Jam

Paul Weller. in a WCDB interview. said that
the group felt it was degrading to play the
older songs again and again. and he cited
some groups that play the same songs in con-
cert for fifteen years. According to Weller. the
new material is “where the group is now at“
and that‘s the music the people should hear.
All i can add is that the music of The Jam is
something that should be heard by everyone
~ either in concert or on record. because they
have sortie very important things to say
through their music and their lyrics. And on
Monday night. The Jam said it all.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

c call/agon of clarity ill “lit‘iit'l “WV “l‘l‘l‘l'l‘ff‘-

uriu...‘..

 

 

1w

 

 

