 

By John P. Kennedy
. Thanks. For the last year. some of you
it have paid my salary. Maybe you didn't know

 

; it; maybe you wouldn’t have had you been
i: givett the choice. I don't know. But anyway.
i i thanks.

i . See. for the last year or so Student
3 r A Assoctatton has trsed your money—your
‘3 “Student Activities Fee”—to’ do many
 tltittgs. Paying me was one of them. I hope
i; that you think that you got your money's
.‘ worth. (I cost you $6605 in I979.)

‘ Anyway. for those of you — I suspect

2 most ofyou — who don’t know me and ltave

' no idea of what I do (or did. you see I just
resigned. bttt more on that later). a not-so-
brief introduction:

.. I started like so many of you. An over-
crowded roont on Dutch Quad (fottr guys in
a room?) was my first nest here at SUNYA.
The school said that it had something to do
with over-enrolling freshmen. btrt what first
year college student asks questions? (wltat
was tltat we ate for dinner?) And buzzing
library lights were quite enough. Time to take,
that next step. a big one. off campus.

Of course. no one knows where to begin.
There was the Residence Office in Ten Eyck.
(I think they lutd about eight listings and the
names of a few landlords.) And the papers.
And word of mouth. But mostly you had to
rely on ltrek.

Anyway, the guys and I found a joint on
Bradford Street. (Nice neighborhood btrt a
rat-hole of an apartment. But for $45 each.
who expects a palace?) That lasted four mou-

A' lbs. The landlord was no! a nice man. l think
“he's in jail now; if he's not, he probably
should be. Ripped off and terribly niave
about our rights as tenants (we knew we mtrst
have sortie). we ttrrncd to seek help. Little
was offered. The University had nothing to
tell us. Legal aid said that we were too rich to
get their help; lawyers told us we were too
poor to get theirs.

We moved. v

It seemed to me that It was pretty weird
that a college of this size could not offer it's
students tenants aid‘in a dilemma. Anyway.
the episode ended. and we escaped little
worse for the wear.

Some months later. having returned to
campus from Stuyvesant Plaza. arms full of
bags and books. I faced a problem. Two
more classes and I need a damn truck to cart
this junk around. There has got to be a better
way! I noticed a sign on a pillar not far from
where I sat pondering my dilemma. “WHAT
IS OCA?“ it said in big letters. “Come to the
Off Campus Association. CCIIB, and find
out" it continued in small print at the bottom

 

Off-Campus Observations: Yesterday and Tomorrow

of the poster. I wondered if they might, by 'uy Squire Motel mess. The University had the time they becorrte active iii the group,

chance, have a locker where l cottld stow my
assorted cargo temporarily. l checked it Out.

There was a small roorn (a big closet, ac-
tually) rtear the pool hall iii the Campus
Center. Its door said OCA. and I went itt. I
explaitted my dilentrna to the guy inside (this
guy. I soon found otit. was. for all intents
and purposes, OCA). “No lockers. but you
can leave your stuff here for a while if you
want to." (I should have kitowtt right away
that it was a trap. but l fell for it. My life
would never be the satire.) I dropped the
jttttk. said see you later and was off to class.

l woke tip when the lecttrrc cndcd arid wettt
back to the CC to collect ttty possessions.

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

They're still here. Far-out. So was lie. I
thanked hint. and as l stooped to grab my
groceries he said, “Ya know. we can pro-
bably get some lockers for people to use."
(“we.” Again. I didn't recognize the trap
and fell for it, hook, line. and sinker.)

It didn't take long. Soon l had anotlter
thing (classes were bad enough!) to distract
me from cooking. eating. sleeping. partyittg.
and the other things that are so important to
a college student living off camptrs. Well. we
cornered some administrators artd within a
couple of months we had managed to pain-
fully extraci about sixty lockers front them. It
was a small victory. btrt itt a way. a costly one
for me. I got to like working for tltittgs I
wanted. and by now. my life had becottte
hopelessly ctttatrgled itt OCA.

Some other folks had been scoopped tip

along the way and OCA was becoming a real
group. It really gelled that Fall —, l979 —
when students were presented with the Court-

compettsatcd for artotltcr round of over-
cnrollrrtciri by making arrangements with this
place some miles west of tire campus to house
students. But wlrcit the management of the
joint cut back and cttt off services tltci' had
promised to provide, the school turned
‘rourtd ttrrd looked the other way. This just
isn't right. we thought. and we weren't going
to sit and watch seventy some odd people get
screwed like that. The eight or so of us tttost
actively involved iii ()(‘A. along with tltc
recently hired S.A. lawyer. .lack Lester. and
some folks from United Tcnattts of Albany,
took on the fight. \Vc yelled and screamed
for a cotrple of months. We had press con-
ferences. We tried negotiating with tltc motel
management. (I rcmcritber that rrigltt: sitting
itr a jam packctl rootrt on the CC tltird lloor
haggling with these guys. All of a sudden the
podium below becarrtc wild with hedlam . . .
garbage carts falling over. yelling, screaming.
singing. cltanting. \thn the ritcctittg broke at
midnight. we ll ‘ttrtl the reason for the
mayhem. Reggie Jackson had just belted a
bitttclr of lrotrtc runs. and the Yankees had
taken the Series.)
l‘rn ttoi sure what it all accomplished. btit
those of us who had \urvivcd the battle had
l'arncd a lesson: the University accepted no

responsibility for those of us who lived
beyottd the dorms. They told us they couldn‘t
— the SUNY Board of Trustees Wouldn’t let
tlrcrri get actively itrvolvcd iii disputes bet-
ween students and private individuals, be
they landlord. merchants. city officials. or
neighborhood groups. Arid with the Trustees
sittittg just a few short miles from the catn-
pus. SUNYA was rroi prepared to push its
luck. So tlterc was a gap. No R.A.’s off cani-
pus. The University was not equipped to help
its otit. (There was an S.A. lawyer. but not all
needs are met iii a courtroom.) Someone had
to fill the bill, and we decided OCA was the
answer.

Sorire tools would be needed. A newsletter.
a voice to reach those we sought to work for.
Art office to work front. lint most of all. a set
of goals and a consistent approach to their
implementation. (That is a problettr in a
group like OCA. Most people don't move off
catitpus until they are juniors or seniors. By

they have scarcely cirotrglr tinn- to lt-urn it...
ropes before they move on. Then ~«tlttt'tttlc
new has to learn all over.) Tltc grorrp would
need someone to be tlrerc fromonu yuan lri rin-
next. To make sure this year's prorui  are
kept next year. This year's plan is ru-rr .r-.u\
plan: This year's foundation is built «in lit'\.l
y 'ar.

Student Association agreed. 'l'liey intuit-rt .r
newsletter. Gel/ing Off. They rare u- .1
new office iit their new compch (built. in tin-
displeasure of some. where the pool lrull u L‘tl
to be). They funded the grortp for a lull tune
coordinator. Consistency and
became possible. Long terrti goals IL‘|1L'ill
of the anti-grouper. safer housing. better
relations between students and city loll» \\lto
sometimes hated its. good relations with the
media. and better relations between \lttdctitx
and 'merchants (in. whose stores \\t.' \[V'lttl
over SSIX MILLION annually) n were nnu
reachable.

A coordinator was hired in May oi "ts, but
poor health forced her to resign in DL‘LL‘lllllL'l.
The group asde tire to take the job Sr‘.
credits from my ILA. l was on the tirv our
plan; fotrr years of this school jun lt.trltt'l
satisfied my gluttony for torment). l .mrrvtl
For the last year. I've worked us Or  r m.
dinator, arid you've paid rtry salary.

Well. now it‘s .lauuury. Witt); t it tic
resigned from active participation in the
group. You've paid tire for rity labors. w l oi
for you an explanation for my action»

It scents that times have changed. in the
past few years, the ctivironrncrrt on llic .uu
pus has changed. Perhaps rcflcctnc «rt .1
broader pattern of conscrvatism irr rurt n.t
tion. the students. too. have chttttgcd |l r
my opinion — arid l stress that point rlrur
we (I say “we” despite the fact that iron not
currently a strident. I still identity sttotii'h
with the 'student body) as a group lune
becotne far less detttotrsirativeabout ulnu \tc
believe to be our rigttts as students and as
citizens.

Economics has played a major role. \I'c
have, in the past few years. had tuition ur-
ereases and health fees forced upon its. this
year. it appears inevitable that all ‘»l.'IlL‘
schools will be cutback. Evert irt otrr siudrui
government, greater demands are being tilt“
ed on our tax money.

In facing this economic reality. the Surdr-III
Association will be forced to rec . uruc ll~
spcttdirtg priorities. Concert lioard. Spr'zilu'tw
Forum. and all groups that a’ SA llllltltrl
will have to accept sortie sacrifice.

()CA. as well, will face to one tlcgtcr' or
another the ecottontic axe. Should that tt\cl1t'

L'ﬂlllflltlt’ll on put!“ l3

pt More...

 

 

FEIFF ER

 

  
   
  
 
  
 
   

IT'S
HIStZDRIC-
ALL‘K FALSE
To LIBEL/

 

  

 

l’f'é
Htsvarc—

E
lie/WAD

ALLY FALSE
T0 (ABEL,

REVOLUTIOA)
BECAUSE

OF THE
ENE/465V
HOSTA6€§ .

 

    

    

 

 

 

 

is ugly“??- mil

I

 

 

 

 

 

 

Disco Downers

To the Editor:

[ am writing iii reply to a letter by Craig
Osborne arid Bill Keller. in \\hiclr they re-
qucstcd a peaceful coexistence betwectr
Rock attd Disco. They felt tltc abuse heaped
upon Disco was unfair. and thought that
some Disco music could be described as
“classic”. iii a musical sense.

As tolerant and open-minded as | \ieu
myself. I beg to differ with some of their at-
titudcs. I love music. I treat it like a drug._li is
a powerful ctnotiortal experience. liut l little
disco. I cannot tolerate it for any length of
tinrc ifl tttttst listen to it. The people who l'rc-
quctrt Discos have a totally different outlook
on life from my own.

\Vhy atrt I so selective? I like classical.
rock. and some jun. music; why can't I
tolerate Disco? Tltc answer is simple — It
gets into my head. It acts on tny mind. It
makes rtic want to lead it hedonistic cyistcuce
witlrotil carc as to tltc consequences. It is a
powerful drug that has a ltiglt that I cannot
live with.

Any music has emotional overtones; tltcrc
lies its beauty. Rock speaks of ()TIIIZRS. of
the outside world and the way we feel and
lturt and experience. It sings of life and death
rind tltc ittcrediblc beauty of e\istcttcc. It is
best raw. with a dash of violence. It is crricl.
and riot for the timid.

Disco simply says “Dance. duncc. lime
fun. enjoy . . . turn off your brain. [Hill on
your feet." It doesn't rncnn to hurt; all it
wants you to do is to enjoy dancing and trot
worry about anything. Nothing or (III. The
perfect drug for the “me” society. Morrilly.
emotionally. and itttellcctttttll) l reject that
drug; I fight its effects every time I hear it.

This does not endear me to Disco music.
This leads to irate. good old solid ltutc.
Discos. complete with ditn lights. pulsating
colors. and milky drinks are a false paradise.
a trap to catch arid hold your tnirtd arid milk
your pocket — atrd your soul. The world is
such a wonderful experience. I cannot
understand why people care to separate from
it. Disco. to me. resembles (lea/II.

So tttuclt for philosophy.l.ct it be known
that the Disco debate takes place not on
bathroom walls but itt people’s emotional
souls; that anger is almost ittevilnblc and its
expression accepted as a fact of life. I do not
cncottragc anti«disco graft" i bttt all you
rock-antl-rollers otit tltcre know why its gori-
na' bc.

 

With respect for Life.
Kurt Sclrtttikcubcrg

Don’t Lose Faith

To the Editor:

We. as acting officers ol the Albany State
Ski Club. and leaders of “Ski and ’arty week
in Canada". were very disheartened to learn
that three persons found tltc week a “total
waste." We are replying iti reference to
"Skiing iit Siylc'l". which was pritttcd in the
letters column of last I’ritluy's ASI’. l’indiug
many of their quotes and accusations untrue
attd misl‘ading. we now wish to set the
record straight.

Our trip begun with 22 enthusiastic skiers
travelling many miles across the border into
Canada. Unfortunately. all of us were disap—
poiirtcd to find a serious lack of snow. Upon
realizing tltc dilemma. we as l‘nders. con»
tactcd ’ttttl 'I‘etr-ault of tire Sugnrbush
Travel Club —— the agency through which tltc
gl'Uup was organized. We inquired about two
things; ltow tttttclt refund people could
receive after staying one full day (2 dinners. l
breakfast. 2 nights lodging. l day lift ticket):
attd if tltere was a chance of shifting tltc trip
to Sugitrbush Valley. After four hours of
rL‘l‘lcﬂlL‘tl phone conversations we received
ottr answer. l’aul iitforitted its that tltcrc was
"room" for arty or all of us ttl Sngarbuslr.
Vermont because it group front Virginia had
cancelled. Paul also told its the amount
which could be refunded for those who wish-
ed to return home.

We assembled the group that riigltt and of-
fcrcd the options to each person: l.to stay In
Canada (having already paid irt full) 2. to

 

paid. or. 3. to leave tltc next morning and
spend the remainder of tile week at Sugar-
bush (for an additional $10.00 requested by
Srigrubush Travel). We‘d like to cmphasi7e
that crich and every person had his owrt
choice. and that the whole group did not
lime to choose the same option. Iivcryonc
chose Sugnrbuslr.

We were told to pick up the lift tickets in
the morning. to ski during the day. and to ur-
turtgv for nccontodntioux afterwards. We
prrsscd this intorrnntion along to everyone iii
the grottp. .‘\llL'l skiing. tltc two of us rirct
with Paul to find out where our roottts were.
I’tiul informed us that since the change was a
ltlsl rurnutc decision. it \\.’t\ itrtpossiblc to fiitd
22 spots at the same lodge. He found eight at
one lodge and fourteen at another. The basis
for room ttssigtttttcttt was simple; we kcpt
groups of friends together. Since tltctc was
one group of three and one group of lb c. we
arranged. otrt of courtesy. to ltnve them \ltl)‘
at the urea accomodntiug cigltt. the remain—
irtg fotrrtccn were lodged at the alternative.

At this point. we‘d like to stress that
neither of us were aware of tire conditions rtt
cilltcr of these lodges. We were simply given
the amount of space to work with urrd were
asked to fill them.

‘I but c\citing \\t.' rccched a plume cull front
tire group of three. complaining about the
conditions at tile lodge. We lllllltL‘tlitIIL‘l)‘ ut-
tctttptcd to ltclp them. but their emotional
and physicaloutbursts made :my kind of com»
promise ltltpttssihlc. therefore. we contacted
Paul to see if there was an ultctrnithc. btit
tltcrc was no more space available to him. We
iitfotnrcd them of this along with l'aul‘s up»
propriutc offer of snsur if tltcy did not wish
0 remain there the ttctcr. us lltc_\' clrtimcd.
presented “shut the ltL‘ll up" us fill alter»
native). 'l'hey tcicctcd the offer and remained

for the week.

In conclusion. \\t."tl like to note that the I‘t"
maining trirtcicetr people were thou-uglin
satisfied with the week 7- irtcltrdittg .hc other
five that were accomodntcd with tile
aforementioned trio. Many thanked us for
salvaging a trip that was originally sct I'or
(‘trrtatlm-‘l'lrcy seemed to understand that had
tlrc trip bccrt originally set for Sugnrbush. we
would have had otir choice of itccomodtt-
litions. However. seeing that tltc Sugnrbush
ttrovc was it last ttrittirtc decision. the
“diehard. adventurous" skiicrs sought thc
better skiing aitd regarded the lodgings as
secondary. All itt all. we feel we luttl a very
successful trip. and that the integrity of tire
ski clitb has itot bcctt diminished: and we
urge the University not to lose faith itt their
ski clttb.

ll' yntr have any questions at all about the
trip described above or arty future ski club
trip. please do ttot hesitate to contact us.

Steven liclltich. l’rcsidcni
Skip Sperling. Vice President
Albany State Ski Club

Boycottthe Olympics

To The Editor:

The Soviet Union‘s rcccttl
Afghanistan serves an obtrusive blow to in»
tcrrtritiottnl justice and human ethiL‘s. This
blatant act of hegemony must not be condon-
cd. I-‘orccful steps must be taken to
demonstrate explicitly that the civili/cd nai-
tions of the world will not tolerate these
heinous Soviet attempts at glottal dontinti»

invasion of

ttou.

One step that must be executed is art
intcrnutiotral boycott ol the WHO Summer
Olympics itt Moscow. The extraordinary
Soviet Ical to host the Olympics is obviously
rooted iri their desire to glorify tltc Soviet
state. The glorification of tire Soviet llitiott.
irt light of tire rccetit Afghanistan offensive.
undermines tltc ideal of world urtity etu-
bodied ill tltc Olympics. A boycott at this
tiittc is imperative.

Although the boycott will not precipitate
art irntncdintc Soviet withdrawal. its impact.
corrtbirtcd with other measures tittder cort-
sitleratiott. will make the political and
economic price too high for tire Soviets to
h w. Thomas W. Carroll
.lrtntes Uliiug

 
  

editorial

    

 

Save SUNY Day: Toda

You should not be reading this over lunch. If you are, there’s still time to get
down to The Egg to help save SUNY. but time is rututing out. Carey is takittg away
education from SUNY. and we‘ve got to stop him. So forget lunch. or forget SUNY.

Please Go Away

i learned tnorc dttrirrg one weekend in Montreal titan itt four years at Albany:

Hitchhiking: It takes a certain kind of courage to stick your‘l'reezing thumb in the
whirling faces of obsessed automobiles artd expect one of tltem to stop. It takes a
kind of courage to stop driving and pick tip some kid iii the middle of the highway.
Perhaps courage is the wrong word, pcrltaps trust is better. For the trust between
hitch and trikcr is highly tretttttlotts and therefore botlt exciting and electric.

Friends: Strangers often rrrakc tltc best friends especially around dinner titnc. Arm-
ed with only an address we stalked otrt a fricrtd ofa fricrtd ofa friend. a relation thin
enough to rcitdcr us strangers yet thick ettottglt to spark comnrttderie. This distant
pal took us in. gave its food. beds. arid it \’ttll fill] of books for our fascination.

Dancing': Nothing beats dancing at Rock—tt—Roll .Ioe's for five ltonrs with a French
wortrart and a bit/./.. Actually rttatty Ft‘L‘IlL‘ll worrtcrt and French guys. it‘s all the same.
I‘ast music. fast paces. A secret; the world seems better at higher speeds.

 

 
    
    

  

‘ tr-

4' m
l I '
‘lt .rr' 'l‘llldlllrlti

     

Philosophy: 'l be early morning kitid. iii the shadow of tire Great Works. Talking
uboitt itnpressiortttlisrn. Andy Warhol. .lolut (.‘rtgc. Syd Barret. I.ao»'l“lc. and Alan
Walls oycr burnt toast and tea. Mild inspirations infuse the senses. Intellectual gym-
uastics.

l' ‘Ut‘lc' (‘cuturics of building lruu-  in \lr‘W ~rr 'lltttlrl highways and mmnvs. (fondue
out of Sundav churches. clutching llih|c« llnkcrs grouting with u beautiful irrrtrrrl

r
iicut. it\ one struggles or make .1:. tutt' .‘t\tttit. rhuuct ltttll‘ttl borcds; llrtclr up. _vkt.

l
lliiclt down? Yeti. Nods. smiles. shakes. kisses from fourteen year old nymphs in the
back of tire fantin Oldsmobile and tire finger thrust ottl in del'tancc for it t ‘asor. to

be named later.

 

llorttc: Tltc best part about Albany is knowing you cart go away when you want to
and come back when you have to.

 

 

Jay B. Glloen. Iftlitoi-i‘n-Chiy/

Ron Levy. Rlehard Behar. Monoyrngi Iftliiois
. . . . . . Michele l‘ide’l

l..rur.t lilorr-rttinri. Sylvia Saunders
Stuart Mrttrrtrrgrt. Bob O'Brrarr
. . . l’uttl Scltwort/

Holt Bl'iitlllUIt,‘
Steven Roltttlt

 

News Editor .
Associate News Editors
Aspects Editors
Sports Etlltor.
Associate Sports Edltor
Edltorlnl Panes Editor

Stnﬂwrlters: (Tinult's lioll. i'rll Huntley, Alltllt'W ('rittrtll. Koren Hurt. Miltt- Fried. Maureen
(iconic. lirl (ioorlmun. | my Knlrrr. Dong; Kuhn. [Jr-blue Krrpl. Strsrut Milligrtut. Michelle Mucloull.
Kathy l’r-ttllr. lirrlwrtrt Ilost-rrlrrtutn. .lr'll Sclindoll. llotli Sr'xcr. Anni Smith. Dchltlc Smith Zodlnc
and Prevlew: Carol Vollr. .lrunrc Klt'lll News Etlltor Emeritus: Aron Sittitlt

Debbie Kopf. Business Manager

.. . Stevctinlristcin

. . . Ltstt Applr'btuuti
Hermie lh'ttwn. Miriam Ilnapler

. . . . . . . . . Fran Gluct‘kerl

Advertising Manager .

Billing Accountant
Assistant Accountant: .

Composltlon Manager

Solon: lilch Sclitison. Rich Scltonlgp-r Clo-ulﬂod Manager: Robin Block Composltlon: Mike
McDonald. Morit' lilrmclu. Marilyn Moskowttr Advent-Inn Production Manna": Sue
Itnusrrmu Advertlolng Production: Iidlih I‘lerclson. Marlo Aunt! Cnlavlto. Tummy Geiger. Joy
(ioltlsteiri. l’t'rrny (ireenstcln. Ruth Maistlcrt. Mllrc McDonald. .loy Prefer. Steve Robins Olﬂcn
Coordinator: Evelyn lillts Olllcc Stu": Bonnie Stevens. Steve Robins

Jordan " _ Rob " ‘ Production ” _,
Erlc Koll. Vincent Alcllo. Elllu- Beck. Assnctutc Productlou Managers

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dave Benjamin
, . . . . . Hurtk's Cltlck

Vcrtlcnl Corner- . . .
Typist Extraordln-Iro

 

Panto-up: Lisa Bongloruo. Mnrle ltultrmo. .on Friedman TvaotI: Rosemary Ferraro. Carol
l’lsirtn. September Kit-in. Debbie Loch. Wayne Roberts. Zoii Staltl. Laurie Walters Proolroldoro:
linclrcl Cohen. Sue Lichtenstein. Chnuﬂ-ur: Tom Snllna .

Photography. supplied principally by University Photo Service i—

Eotobllohad 1916 i

The Albany Strident Press ls published every Tuesday mid Friday dtirttlg the st‘httol your by the

Albany Student Press (.‘orprtrnllon. on independent. init-Ior-prtr/tt orgoittmtiou. lfdttttriol policy Is

determined by the Etlltor«iit4(,‘ltiel tutt‘l is subject to ii-ulettl by the Editorial Bouiil. Motlth Arldrt'ss:
Albany Student Press. (1232!). Mill) Washington Alum Albunu. NY 12222

(mar 457-8602 ' =

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

rcturtt ltotne and rccicve $84.00 of tire “0.00

.. -.~r~.).~---m-s.«.~ ~‘sl‘..l.

 

 

  

