t'
.
‘i
r

 

 

 

 

 

Sound 3‘: Vision

Aspects

 

t

'ilLiLhouLQates

've always felt that it was rather
ylbenevole'nt of Daryl Hall to share his

musical spotlight with John Oates.
Throughout the peaks and valleys of their
popularity. th ‘Hall and Oates duo has been
anything but a mutual effort. it's always been
Hall who has
:composed and
vocalized the
most potent
’composltions. it’s
always been Hall
who has com~
manded their live
performances.
And yes. it’s Hall w 0 possesses t

voice range and more diverse instrumental

Cliff Sloan

prowess. One case In point Is War Babies. the
Hall and Oates effort of 1974 which featured
the lead guitar. production. engineering. and
supervision of Todd Rundgren. along with

   

 

   
 
   

 

 

Hall: Sentimental sweet to sleazy
’street.

‘lellow Ulopians Jolm Siegler and John Wilcox
on bass and drums respectively. Considered
by many to be their best. although certainly
not their most popular record. this LP contains
seven solo compositions by Daryl Hall, as up-
posed to one by Oates. Moving up to 1977.
the year that Hall recorded Sacred Songs. the
Hall and Oates duo released Beauty On It.
Backstreet. Although a disappointing follow-
up to Bigger Than Both of Us. it again proved
Hall to be the more potent composer and
vocalist.

Nevertheless, it couldn't fairly be said that
John Oates wouldn't be an asset to almost any
band and the Hall/Oates combo is no‘excep-
lion. John‘s most valuable asset is his voice.
which reached its height of popularity with
“i‘m Just A Kid (Don't Make Me Feel Like a

 
  
    
   
 
   
 
   

 

 

Smallerrh

Man)" from 1973's Abandoned Lun-
cheonette. ldidn't say it was great. just merely
his note-worthy contribution. John Oates is a
complementer. an accentuator, but not an
originator. The chances of his making it solo
are two; slim and none. His singing. writing.
and strumming’ have never'been anything
more than adequate.

So when Daryl Hall's Rundgren-esque
voice. one of the best in the business. teams
up with the production and six string expertise
of Robert Fripp, it naturally follows that a less
than-central talent like John Oates becomes
expendable. in fact. after hearing Sacred
Songs. one might seriously question the future
of Daryl Hall's musical association with John
Oates: not because Fripp Is the perfect partner
for Hall and not because John Oates is an in
adequate partner. If it proves anything.
Sacred Songs Is a testimony to Daryl Hall's
capability as a solo artist, and on the same
token. the expendability of musical Oates.

it's not much of a wonder why the 1977
material of Sacred Songs wasn't released until
1980. in the wake of Bigger Than Both 0/ Us'
success, a departure from Oates and a formula
which bred amiable notariety, would hardly be
a popular move. Still more importantly, Hall's,
"new" album is produced by Robert Fripp.
who also plays guitars and “Frippertronics”.
Frippertronics are synthesized delay and feed-
back techniques which create a spacey.
science fiction aura. While these sounds
weren't so popular in 1977. as evidenced by
the commercially unsuccessful collaboration of
Bowie and Eno on Low. Bowie forged on. By
197‘). with the release of Lodger. the syri-
|iresizer kids had come up with a more accessi-
ble sound which still played heavily on the
futuristic sound. People like Gary Numan
picked up on the sound. and the popularity of
his synthesized single. “Cars.” speaks for itself.
in fact from where we sit now. it's considered
somewhat clrlc and prugressivu to incorporate
this Milky Way music into one's compositions.
So what better time to release Daryl Hall's solo
record. complete with Fripperlronics than
now?

“Sacred Songs." the album's opener and ti-
tle cut. is Daryl Hall a la Bigger Than Both 0]
Us. His voice can cover a wide range of ai-
titudes. from sentimental S\ 't to sleazy
street. in this case, it's an impressively pleasing
and rugged tenor; There's just no time and it's
not the night. l'd have to face you again and
again. Although you know l'd like to stick it in.
stick it in. Although Fripp's guitar work is
seemingly more powerful than Oates'. it
doesn't leave any traces of an alleged guitar
great. in fact. if i had to rely on Sacred Songs
as my sole impression of Robert Fripp. l'd
chuckle whenever the word "great" preceded
his name. He seems unimaginative and in-
:apable of stylish improvisation. Still. on the
album's three opening cuts. “Sacred Songs,"

Up The Nile
0

out Willie Nile. explaining about the

direction his music will take. and par-
ticularly commercialism. "Sure l'd love to sell a
rrriiliorr records . . .." but this doesn't appear
to be what moves him. What moves Willie Nile
is his music, He refuses to prostitute himself.
His songs come frorn his heart and his pen.
since he authors 9! his music.

Rob Grubman and
Elissa Beck

Nile's music is filled with heavy thrashing
guitar chords. although his ballads contain

I 'm not in this to be Kate Smith," blurted

sweet sentimental value. Just when his power
triple guitar work sends you into a frenzy. you
are brought down gently with a light airy tune.

Saturday. RPl’a UPAC housed Willie Nile's
premiere concert. Although he has played

. numerous village clubs, many times (including

Kenny's Castaways on Blacker St.) as an

71...“. 'si-mwmmauww“

“Something in 4/4 Time." and “Babs and
Babs." Fripp and Hall merge for 'an enjoyably
tight and precision-based opening segment.
Enter Robert Fripp into the spotlight for the'
finale of side one. "Urban Landscape" and
“NYCNY.” "Urban Landscape" is pure.
unlyricized Frippertronlcs; a laid back and
mercifully short song which unless put under
close scrutiny. goes virtually unnoticed.
"NYCNY" (New York City. New York) is the
low point of Sacred Songs. it's a tumbled
hodge-podge of blaring axe work. Hall's street
sleaze voice. and Frippertronics. it's simply
noisy. The second half of Sacred Songs is
amply foreshadowed by "Why Was It So
Easy." a light. airy composition which
highlights Daryl's vocal versatility. seasoned
with Frippertronicig it Is enjoyable. easy mov-
ing music that is la king in dynamic impact. As
a collection. Sacred Songs is to» smooth
because somewhere along the line. i expected
at least one song to reach out and grab me.

 

an Both or 'l'hem

But wait asl may. lremalned distantly remov-
ed from the melodies.

if it seemed strange that Daryl Hall and
Robert Fripp would converge on an album.
there was good reason for it. Their respective
efforts don't always mesh tbgether effectively
and the LP's high points come when one, in-
variably Daryl Hall. is in the forefront. Fripp Is
no more. if as effective as John Cams. and
Sacred Songs. along with its detracting Frlp-
pertronics might just as well be another in the
long line of Hall and Oates albums. Then
again. it could be a Hall and Anybody album.
Daryl Hall is capable of creating a solo smash,
but not with Robert. Fripp. Some things just
don't mix and l'd rather hear a pure Daryl Hall
album. or the complementing Oates. than this
erratic merger. The contrast in styles is just too
blatantly obvious, and the result Is an un-
balanced finished product. If Daryl Hall still
wants to share his musical spotlight. he’s better
off feeling his Oates. 0

He's got the voles and the diversity but sltchlng psdnors was a Fpp-oﬂ. It

shows in his new album. Sacred Songs.

 

“e Is Here '-

acoustic guitar soloist. this was the first time he
was joined on stage with a full power rock
band. The band consists of the two members
of the Cryers, plus drummer Jay Dee
Daugherty from the Patti Smith Group and
lead guitarist Peter Hoffman.

The show kicked off with “Vagabond
Moon." his favorite and most widely played
song from his first and only album. called
Willie Nile. He played a vast majority of songs
from that album; “That's The Reason." “l'm
Not Waiting." and “She's So Cold." Willie
also palycd sortie previously unreleased
songs. The peak event of the evening was
when he did Ricky Nelson's “Stood Up."
which brought the crowd to life.

De'splte all the power and emotion put into
thc‘songs themselves. the performance was
lacking.\l~lls breaks between songs were erratic
and sloppy. reminiscent of teenage bands In
sleazy rented garages. He didn't know what
song to play next and read in front of the
crowd from his song list. But trey. this was his
first concert and his stage pre5ence was
powerful enough to outweigh his naivete. His
moves on stage were reminiscent of the late

Buddy Holly.

Willie Nile's path is yet untrodden, but only
time will tell if this newly publicized talent will
achieve the success and recognition that he
deserves. Willie Nile's "eclectic" style. which
borrows from numerous influences. will take
him far. .

 

 

 

 

Aspects

WEE

tlon of Cyra McFadden's hilarious trove] of
three or four years ago. They've adopted a
new ad campaign rhetorically asking au-
diences why they're staying away in droves. in
t icall shallow studio fashion the have the

Mark Rossier

reasons all wrong. it is not the fit e that is keep-
ing people away (though it was better suited to
the book which was originally published in
fifty-two weekly installments) nor is the old ad
campaign (which was horrible). the reasons i
think are probably more ingrained in the
material itself. Maybe people aren't going
because Mania Mull. Tom Smothers. Bill
Macy. Peter Bonerz. and Nita Talbot are
primarily television stars (not even stars ~—
personalitles) and they assume. incorrectly.
that Serial. like Hero at Large, is only a $3.50
made-for-TV rip-off. The other stars. Tuesday
Weld. Sally Kellerman. and Christopher Lee
are all superb performers who have
undeservedly developed kooky, cult images
that have stopped just short of making the
stars. The cast. along with a plot line involving
the lads and fetishes of the “hip. laid back, and
groovy" people of Marin County California.
may have led potential audiences to think the
whole thing is Just a little too weird for them.
Well Serial is weird. but gloriously. wonderful~
ly. brilliantly weird and whatever is causing the
box office draught. it's a pity because people
who are missing Serial are missing a damn
good time at the movies.

Maybe audiences are just getting too goody
goody for a movie as ioyously bitchy as this
one. There hasn‘t been a good social comedy
since Shampoo and while this is far from that
calibre. it certainly fills the void. What i think i
like best about this movie is its total lack of
morals (well at least until the almost status quo
ending) —‘ it sees the world as an open field

 

 

fready for pot shots. Nothing is sacred;

homosexuality. feminism. open marriage.
religious cults. family counseling. con-
SCiousness raising. and the ecology all come in
for their share of well placed jabs. That's not
exactly true. the criticism is not leveled at the

r
v- ideas as much as the people who "practice"

them. What the makers of Serial find tnost

L contemptlble are people who follow trends

merely because they‘re fashionable. li rejects
people who follow the pack without intellec—
tual or moral conviction and use the “new
morality" as an excuse for their own hedonistic
behavior. This is a tricky movie for the cast.
because while everyone behind the scenes is

W

A Serial Vll‘t

aramount is obviously troubled by
the less than full houses that have
been greeting Serial. the new film adap-

 

we...

.y-A - wrungav l .1“,- -,.

Sound & Vision

I .
We

   
    
   

'; if. v
mocking the characters they have to play it

straight. Kellernran's marriage vow of
“You-ness. Me-ness. Us-ncss. Thernhess.
Your-ness. My-ness. Our-tress. Happiness“ is
funny only because she actually believes it.
The players balance the contempt with sinceri-
ty. they can reveal their shallowness only in
the frequency of their emotional shifts. not the
intensity. These people are hilarious. and
ultimately pathetic. because they honestly feel
these gimmicks will improve their lives. The
cast has to walk a very thin line between
parody and compassion and it's surprising
how many of them are up to the task. virtually
everyone is perfect. Serial is a classic example
of great ensemble acting with Mull, and
Pamela Bellwood as the nymphomaniacal
Carol standing out. Kellerman and Weld seem
to be having a grand old time spoofing their
kooky images and they both give some of the
most relaxed performances of their illustrious
careers. The problem with writing about a
movie like this is llrat you want to share jokes
that depend solely on expert delivery. Telling
the jokes would spoil half the fun and Serial is
a helluva lot of fun, though it is hardly careless
in considering the serious sociological conse-
quences of the society it depicts. This serious
side is never heavy handed. more than
anything else Scriul is one of the best com-
edies American filmmakers have been able to
come up with in a number of years » treat
yourself and go see it.

Tuesday Weld is a rarity in Hollywood. not
only is she an extraordinarily talented actress.
she is a survivor. Her life reads like a soap
opera complete with alcoholism. suicide at-

3‘.

 
 

A consistently
" brilllsnt per-
lotmcr who has
appeuod in a
number of lou
than hrllllsnt
movies.

 

 

 

 

t

tempts. frustrated love affairs. sleeping with
producers for parts, and an aggressive stage
mother. ller honesty is refreshing even if what
she confesses is rrol. Part of the reason she has
not become a star (although for the umpteenth
tirrre she is again on the verge: Thief which
she's making with James Cairn may do the

Manyl’arts"

Recs .90

Hollywood's bad girl (she began acting when
she was fifteen and modeling when she was an
Infant), it's a testimony to her talent that she
still works. Producers know that by casting
Weld they get twa things: 1) automatic sup—
port of the critics for her. if not the picture and
2) a great performance. if you look back at
Tuesday Weld's career you'll find a definite
pattern; she always gives 'brilllani perfor-
mances in less than brilliant movies. i don't say
she Is one of the finest actresses working today
because i am a fan. i became a fan because
she Is one of the finest actresses working to-
day. l have sat through more horrible movies
just to see her performances and no matter
what i thought of Soldier in the Rain. I Walk
the Line. or Rally Round the Flag Boys$ she
never disappointed me. in her review of Pretty
Poison. Pauline Kael said Weld may not be a
star because “she's not the kind of actress who
let's you know she's acting the way Geraldine
Page and Estelle Parsons let you know " and
the point is well taken. Whereas the Academy
overlooked her subtle. beautifully controlled
portrayals in Poison. Lord Love a Duck, and
Who'll Stop the Rain. she received her only
nomination for her broader, bigger (though no

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Why are people nvoldlng this movie In droves? lto craziness should appeal as a

treat. not as n tenor.

trick) is because she has totally rejected the
traditional Hollywood method. She turned
down both Bonnie and Clyde and Bob (in:
Carol and Ted turd Alice (she was to play
Alice) because she knew they wr-re going to he
hits and she didn't feel she was ready for
"stardom" at that point in her life. She has
continually been antagonistic to the press and
studio heads. yet after twenty years of being

less brilliant) work as Diane Keaton's sister in
Looking [or Mr. Goodbur. In a society where
great acting consists of screams and hysterics
Weld's subtle emersion into her character is
out of place. yet for twu decades Tuesday
Weld has been emblamatic of magnificent
screen acting and if she keeps working at the
some level. the public is bound to notice. but if
they don't the loss is theirs, not hers.

Rock ’Il’ Roll Roundup

henever a new band comes out with
an album. the originality and in-
fluences of their music usually
becomes a distinct characteristic of the band.
Original Sin. the slightly overproduced album
of the nit-wave band Cowbo s lternaiional.
displays a good
combination of
these
qualities.
The most ob
viously lnfluen
ed band member
is Evan Charles.
on keyboards.
Charles at times . 3
Gary Nurnan willr repetitous chords and bar

Edward Pinka

monies. At other times he manages ‘rr sound
like XTC's keyboardist Colin Moulding. giving
the band a spacey quality with his background
sounds and seemingly misplaced keyboard
playing.

Bassist Jimmy Hughes plays adequate bass
lines through most of the albunr but is occa-
sionally repetitious as in “Part of Steel." He is
similar to Public image Lid.'s bassist .lair Wob-
ble. but lacks the effective. driving reggae in~

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

lluenced beat Wobble ls knowrr for supplying.
This is to be expected on one of the better cuts
on the album. "Wish". only because the guitar
playing is provided by Pills guitarist Keith
Leveue.

 

   
   
  
  

 

The other members of the band are drum-
mer Terry Chimes. who is much improved
since his days as the first drummer of the
Clash. Chimes left the Clash after becoming ir-
ritated with the attitude of some of the group's
fans, Vocalist Ken Lockie's effortless singing
sometimes sounds like he's speaking through
the song; and guitarist Rick .lncks' playing.
while nothing outstanding or flashy. is very
distinct due to his use of an “aquarium” guitar.
This guitar produces a mellow. muffled tone
making it sound like the guitar is being played

underwater. The use. of .l.rcks' guitar is uulor~
tun.rtr'ly a little played down on the album.
with the exception of “The ‘No"l'uue". an lir-
str‘nrnenttrl. featuring Jucks' "trgunrium" six
string.

The album itself has some lilCL' triues.lilte

 

 

  

Cowboy's International Is a band with all of the
right Ingredients . . . except the right production.

 

the oper ing cut "Pointy Shoes". This features

an unidentified harmonica player and some of

.lacks' better guitar work. "Here Comes a-
Saturday" has a slower beat and illustrates

Lockie's emotionless singing.

The title song “Original Sin", is fast moving
and sounds lkc the lCowboys' attempt at play-
ing some danceable new-wave music.
“Alteurrath” is light and fast and along with the
previously mentioned "Wish". makes up the
stronger cuts on the album, This is because
these two songs seem to be more music and
less production.

Producer Dennis MacKay makes the songs
sound like either background music or
‘mu/ak'. especially the songs "'l'hrash" and
“Mlcmortei til!" A previoust released single
by the t‘owboys. “Today. Today l’ixrrtion"
was produced by l.ockle and seener to have
more energy. it stronger beat, and it more ex»
citing sound thanks to an even rrrix of the
keyboards and bass.

MacKays production gives the band a hiv
gloss. far-away sound which doesn't comple-
ment the groups effort. and forces repeated
hearing before any listener appreciation can be
attained. New—wavers might be interested in
the band's talents or future albums by a dif-
ferent producer. but this "Original Sin" is
almost not worth committing o

 

 

 

 

 

.IQ‘QCQI“-‘lAQI‘OI-II‘GICI‘IIIIV¥.II'l'Ii'lIGCIO’II

. s - s n u u ........c...‘-..,-.

.:.u..»...-........

t . n‘a‘a'a's'l . ..r‘u a comma-nun. on.«‘om-n.o~-Iw~1uaa.ui.vmii

 

 

