 
  

»

 

 

I . .r i ..

Indian Pomt Shut Down
BUCHANAN, New York.(AP) The Indian Point 2
nuclear plant has been ordered shut until Consolidated
Edison deterrnlnes how more than 100,000 gallons of
"water spilled onto the reactor’s containment floor
without anyone knowing about it for at least several
days. Meters designed to show any accumulation of
water in the radioactive containment area failed to
work, according to a preliminary U.S. Nuclear
Regulatory Commission investigation. Two sump
pumps also failed. the NRC said. The NRC has dispat-
ched seven investigators to the site 24 miles north of
New York City. Con Ed said it is conducting its own
probe. The leak was discovered by accident last Friday.
The NRC was informed Monday and Con Ed issued a
news release about it Tuesday. in that release, Con Ed
said its plant “went out of service late last Friday after a
leak in a joint of a pipe carrying non-radioactive water
deposited about 100,000 gallons of the water within the
unit's containment building." 'However, it was learned
Thursday that Con Ed's claim was erroneous. NRC of-
ﬁcials said the plant shut down for an unrelated failure
of instrument panels involving low pressure in a steam
generator component. The leak was discovered by acci»
dent when workers went into the containment area to
check on the generator component failure and
discovered the flooded room, according to NRC
spokesnran Gary Sanborn. NRC officials said it was
possible llllll the leak from a faulty pipe weld began as
long ago its Oct. 7. the last time the area was checked.
Abotrt 50 workers were exposed to low levels of radiu-
ilttll, rind three were slightly contaminated on their face
and “till after apparently retnovitig their masks incor-
rectly, according to Sunborn. Officials said they were
promptly decontaminated.

 

 

Soviets Have New No. 2

MOSCOW (AP) Soviet Prcriiier Alexei N. Kosygin has
resigned “on health grounds" and been replaced by his
first deputy, 75-year-old Nikolai Tiklionov, the Soviet
news agency Tass rcportctl today. Kosygin, who is 76
anti has been premier since l964, has been ill most of
this year, reportedly with heart and circulatory pro-
blenis. He was said to have suffered two heart attacks in
recent years, and Soviet sources have long let it be
known he was eager to step down from power. His
resignation was announced to the Supreme Soviet, the
national Parliament, by President Leonid l. Brezhnev.
The departure of Kosygiri. who was last seen iii public
almost three rnotitlis ago, further tiriderliiics the 73-year-
old Brezlincv's unquestioned role til the top of the
Kremlin hierarchy.

Gel Med For Health Help

 

Albany Medical College has lll‘ answers when it
comes to fitmin planning, venereal disease, pregnancy,
women's health, sexuality, rind ininiunitritioiis. The
doctors in tlic Dcprrrtnicnt of Obstetrics and
Gynecology have prepared rt tape library, called 'l‘cl
Med, to help with these utid other subjects related to
furnin phiririirig rind lrcallli.

The tapes are three to five minutes lorig and are
straightforward and understandable. litich tripe liris bccti
carefully reviewed by nicdicrrl specialists to insure its tit"
curacy.

Albriny Mctl has it list of tapes currently available.
You can call Tci Med ill 445-5678, illltl it's open Monday
through Friday bctwceti 12:00 noon and 8:00 p.tll.

Wanted: 500 Humanists

No ()llt.‘ is sriying what will huppcti if more than 500 rit-
tend, biit the Humanities and Fine Arts Advisory Corri-
niittce wants 500 huntutiists for its Friday evening cof-
feeliouse.

Beginning tonigltt at 8:00 p.tti. iii the Humanities
Lounge, the committee will provide rcfrcshnietits and ti
forurii for discussion of various questions facing the
humanist: Why tench humanities? Why study
humanities? What's the role of humanities iii a
technological society? Do you spell llulznc with a “c” or
3 “kn?

The Humanities Lounge is Room 354 of the
Humanities Building.

 

 

 

Would Capsules

 

 

Hostage Picture Dims

(AP) A hardlirte member of Iran's Parliament today
raised fresh doubts about an imminent release for the 52
American hostages. despite earlier signs of optimism.
Ali Akbar Nateq Noori, a member of the committee
that prepared a report on the hostages, said in a
telephone interview with The Associated Press that
“some more conditions may be added" to the four basic
terms outlines by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. Noori
said the conditions proposed by the panel would remain
‘,‘secrct” until they were unveiled to the 228-member
Parliament along with the report on Sunday, the
hostages‘ 358th day in captivity. Asked if the United
States was likely to accept the conditions, he said,
“Maybe not now that some more will be added, for the
conditions may not be limited to the four conditions" of
Khomeini. Noori suggested the whole process may be
time-consuming. “It is unpredictable because opinions
vary in the Majlis,"or Parliament, he said. He added it
“won’t take more titan one week" for the First round of
debate but that more rounds may be necessary if the full
assembly refers the report back to comttiittce for further
study or changes.

 

Boris Bomb Scare, Again

PARIS (AP) The Paris stock exchange was evacuated
this tnornitig for the second straight day following art
anonymous telephone call saying a boirib had been plac-
cd iii the building. On Wednesday, a caller front a group
called Black Order warned of possible boriibs in the
stock exchange and the nearby headquarters of the
French news agency,Agence Frutit'c-Presse and the Club
Mediterrrnice, which were evacuated. No devices were
found, but all trading was cancelled for the day. On
Moridrty, a broker's clerk found an ll-pound bomb on
the crowded trading floor of the exchange. it was defus-
ed five minutes before it was due to explode. No \vrtrn-
ing had been given.

 

 

School in Spain Explodes

BILBAO, Spain (AP) A powerful explosion ripped
through a grammar school iti Spain's northern iron-
tnining region today, killing at least 64 children, officials
said. More than 100 others were reported injured, many
of thctn seriously. Rescue workers dtig frantically

 

 

 

Campus Baitafs

 

 

Schlesinger to Speak Here

Arthur Sclilcsingci, .ll’., l’lllillL‘l l'rizc wititiiiig
historian i‘llltl biogrriplicr, rind former special assistant to
President John ii. Kennedy, \vili spcrrk aboirt the inipucr
of third putty rind independent candidates on the future
of the American political system on Mondrry.

Schlesinger, curtciitly Albcrl Scliwcit/ct Professor of
the Humanities of the (‘in University of New York rind
wiiiirct‘ of the National llook Awrird for his historical
biography Rolicr/ kc/urrvir and Hit 'l'itnr-x, recently cu»
dorscd the independent candidacy of (‘orn-rcssntrni
John Anderson. As :i incriibcr of tlic ll’trll Strut-I ./nrrr~
Iitil‘s‘ llornd of (‘ontr ibutors, Schlesinger recently wrote,
"if most Americans \vcririly accept the choice between
[the two major parties], it will only encourage the tnrrior
pttrtics to believe that they can get tthl)’ with nominating
third-raters iii the fulutc.”

'l'lie tiddtcss is scheduled for 2:30 |).lll. in lecture
(‘eiitcr ill.

Important Clue From CUE

Undergraduates are reminded tiitit Thursday, October
30, is the last day to drop semester courses. A program
adjustment crird, signed by the instructor, must be sub-
tiiittcd to the Registrar‘s Office by 4:00 on that day.

Tlierc is no provision to drop semester courses riftcr
October 30. For every semester course in which
undergraduates are officially enrolled after October 30,
they will receive the academic grade assigtied by the in-
structor — even if they stop attending or fail to complete
the requirements of the course.

    

through the debris, and grief-stricken parents carried
home the bodies of their sons and daughters after the
,blast. blamed _ on gas, partially demolished the
“Marcelino Ugalde” school in Ortuclla, eight miles nor-
thwest of here. Officials said many children were still
trapped andcries could be heard. There were about 700
children aged 6 to to in the state-run school, comprised
of three buildings. The explosion almost ctiitiplclcly
destroyed one of them. officials said. The disarm
police said. was apparently due to the explosion or 
propane gas tank in the basement of the dtillttllslrgd
building. That blast caused the explosion of an tltljilLt'tll
boiler, ‘police said.

CIA Agent Male for KGB?

WASHINGTON (AP) Large payments allegedly made
by the KGB to a former CIA agent indicate the Soviet
Union was playing for “Very high stakes" and L'XpL‘clt‘tl
big returns from its attempt to iril'ilitrritc U.S. in.
telligence watchdog committees. retired U.S. iri-
telligence ofﬁcials say. Law enforcement officials say
the agent, David Barnett, has been under investigation
by the FBI and Justice Department for tnorc than it ycrrr
for a wide range of activities allegedly ilispiicd by the
Soviet intelligence agency in an effort to churn. INS.
secrets. it was understood that the government hrn
worked out an agreement with Burnett's lawyer tiiitlt‘l
which he would plead guilty or no contest to Cllttlyt‘s n.
pected to be brought Friday by a federal grand pm in
Baltimore.

 

 

 

\

A Correction

I'lloltr urn

 

‘r 

in the picttirc accompanying last Friday's artich- oil
SUNYA's Job Search Seminar Series, \vc irn-orn-.t|\
identified the Director of Career Planning illltl i'|.r..-.
merit. We‘re not srrre who was iii the picture, but he
know who wrts'lt'l. Tlirit's Director John :\lt‘\.rtrdr'r
above. if University Photo Service keeps lltls up. rim
dill be riceditig Director Alexander ‘s services ir't\ of!)

\

 

 

 

Battle of the Bottle Bill

Seeking to “end the driys of throw-aways," Ni'l’ltiti
has organized a Litter Cleanup nrrueh for Surrnrrn .rr
noon. The march is planned to criil attention to rlu- pin
posed rlottle Bill riritt will begin downtown in lilr' mum
of Partridge and Madison.

Sttys NYi’iRG. “()rily otii‘ participation “ill lrl thr-
state legislators know how iiiticli we are behind rlri» trill
A Bottle Bill means clerincr streets illlti neighborhmnlw "

For more inforriittlion about the march anti llrt‘ tinnit-
Bill, cnll thc NYl’lRG office at 7.4013.

Writers Festival at Osirrego

 

SUNYA iiticls rind fiction writers will p.tirrrrl‘«|l‘ *"
the third annual SUNY Writers Festival, Nth'llii‘t'l II
“limitlh Noveiiibcr it, til the State Univcrsityt rillt'r't' 4‘
()swego. '

John Logan, .iittlilh Sherwin, rind Willirun Kt'ltllt‘rll
“"9 “"1008 the faculty tiicnibcrs who will trrkc part in
round robin readings and story hours.

The Writers l’csti ’tli brings together faculty rnr'nihcti
and students iii creative writing frorri t-trrrrl‘ll‘“
throughout SUNY. Workshops that deal with the crrtll
of writing will provide exciittngc bctwecn sititlctils illitl
terichcrs.

Novelist Toni Morrison will be the weekend's tilW
“Hist. and lliiighumtou's John (illl'tlllcl will lend :I
W'kh'hut’ session. About 200 students- are ext‘s‘s‘it'“ “‘

 

 

 

trike pint.

 

 

I’ltttln: llni ltI A\lll‘l

Former State De urtmcnt S okesmtin lloddln Carter III.

 

Sees no immediate release of the hostages.

Albany Student Press

.,......... H... e-, _ “M”

lPage Three

Hodding Carter Talks Politics

 

Refers to Iranian Crisis as a ‘Holocaust’.’

by Amy Kantor

Hodding Carter appeared at
SUNYA yesterday “to speak as a
private citizen,“ not in his former
position as State Department
Spokesman utider the Carter Ad-
ministration, a post he says he lef.t
soon: after the departure of the
"extraordinary" Cyrus Vance last
year as United States Secretary of
State.

"it's a radically different world
than it was 20 years ago," the
45-year-old statesman told a Cani-
pus Center Ballroom crowd of ap-
proximately l50 people.

Carter emphasized the changes in
American foreign policy since the
end of World War ll. “l’rn not here
to inflict political rhetoric or
foreign policy propaganda," he
said.

He alluded to the start of his long
political career. from 17 years as
ctiitor “of a small-town
newspaper" to the brief time he

spent in l976 and 1977 working for
President Carter, whom he sup-
ports for the 1980 election.

He referred to current America as
being in a period of aftershock —
of Watergate and Vietnam.

"in Washington, organized
special interest groups now have the
most power they have ever ex-
perienced." He attributed the cause
of this “to the collapse of American
political parties."

Carter said that the national
foreign policy consensus has chang-
ed at home as well as abroad. “The
United States faces vigorous com-
petition." he said. “We can’t go it
alone politically, economically, or
militarily."

Carter said there were no simple
ways to deal with complexity. He
recalled the promise of presidential
rc-clcction candidate Richard Nix-
on iti l972 when he promised to ettd
the var iti Vietnam.

“The government polls suggest

Task Force Discusses Campus Safety

by Sylvia Saunders

Till: October 7 attack on a feiitale
SUNYA strident tll Draper has pro-
riiplcd a rc-cxariiiritition of ctttnptts
security by the President‘s Task
Force on Women's Safety.

At their monthly meeting on
Wednesday, members discussed
proposed security measures rind
those safety actions which have
air ‘lltly bccn accomplished.

Plant Department Director Deri-
nis Stevens reported that he has
worked with City of Albany 0f-
ficitils rind Niagara Mohawk Corn-
prtny to improve lighting at Alumni
Quad. Extra lights were installed on
the city streets surrounding the
quad, and trees were ctrt brick to
provide riiorc liglititig.

Stevens also said lie has made rid-
justnients to tile bits service in order
to insure triore safety. He rernrtrkcd

by Susan Mllligun

Based on the allegations llltll
“Chancellor Wlirirton and the
Board of 'l‘rustccs lirivc ctipriciously
passed the room rciil hike" rttid
rlirit “thereier lack of control over
dor'ni policies," Central (‘ouncil
voted unanimously to endorse
SASU's six demands to (‘litincclloi
Wharton, according to (‘cntrrtl
Council (‘brtii‘ l’ctci Wcinstock.

SASU is demanding:
'A bull to any further plans to
move SUNY dormitories toivrnd
self-sufficiency by recommending
that the Board of 'l'rustccs Rcsolu~
tion passed on May 2h bc rescinded.
'A public commitment by SUNY
(‘cutrtil and the board of tlttslcc‘s
to give at least one month‘s public
notice before acting on any student
l'cc irtcrcasc proposal.
‘A comprehensive |lltllt to end
tripling in rooms designed to house
two people. This plriii should be
rcrtdy by December l, Will).
0The replacement of the present
“rousing contract with n lcrtsc, lilti-

 

(Central Council Endorses?
SASU’S Six Demands
Concerning Rate Hike

that buses will not stop on rcqtrcsr
after 6 p.tti. us they did Irist year
because that would leave women
waiting alone clsewlicic oti the bus
line. “if we abandon the bits
schedule,“ he said, “it is contrary
to the interests of safety. You'd be
sacrificing safety by stopping at any
corner. You‘d be leaving a woman
waiting alone for it longer period of
time."

instead, Stcycns said he will add
specific ips rilotig the bus litre
after discussion with rt sludcnl cornA
niittec. Stevens said he has statistics
oti the tnost coriitnotily rcqucsrcd
stops.

.loliti Hciiiglirin of the Depart-
merit of Public Safety reported that
they have recently made an escort
service available on Monday
through Friday, 8 p.tti. - ll:3() p.tti.

 

lti addition. he said, despite staff

ditig on both administration and
sttidcttts, to bc bargained at the
beginning of each rcnttil pcriotl by
student negotiators and SUNY Ceri-
trttl (or campus administrators).

.All l‘SA-typc governing board
composed of strident and residence
officials he established on eticli
campus to administer dormitory
governance procedures, iticltiditig
policy-ttirikirig rind the hiring of
residence staff.
’All University rind housing
agreements between students and
SUNY coriccrtiitig fccs be honored
by SUNY for their duration.
Wcitistock said the vote shows
illill "('cnttttl Council, its well as
SA, is bcliititl SASU and any action
thrit will rcsirlt iii the repeal of the
room i‘titc increase, and more itii—
portrrritly, that will stop rooiii trite
increases iii the future."
Wcinstock rtdded that Cciitttil
Council "will do anything that
ttccds to be tiotic to stop the rootii

 

rtitc increases."

losses, the Alutiirii and Downtown
campus are included iii the routine
prilrol.

l-icriighrni also said that the slit-
dciit security puttol begrtii Inst y‘tll'
is fully operational now on both the
uptown rind downtown (lililtis. The
student patrol iitililcs work-study
students and temporary scivicc sup-
port for slirderil supervisors.
Heniglirin said their job is to
“watch and listen." The 25
students patrol frotii 8»2 a.tii.. wctii
yellow jackets, and have radios to
cotitrict security if they scc anything
suspiciotrs. Hciiiglirrti warned.
however, that these studctits are
“not it substitute for officers."

Other srifcty nicrrsurcs uptown iii-
cltidc lighting ttiotiitoring and ini—
provemcnt and the nine emergency
telephones which are now opcrri-
tionnl.

Despite these efforts by the Plant
Department rind Public Safety
Department the task force members
agreed ltitit other improvements
must be made.

Liane Davis, who is on the
‘School of Social Welfare faculty.
reported on the rccctttly formed
Downtown Campus Women's Stric-
ty Group. “Last week 130 people
frorii downtown tittendcd the
meeting to express their concern
over safety," she said. She cxplrriti-
cd that the grotrp is requesting
emergency phones and improved
lighting around the littilditig and in

the parking lot. lti addition. they
would like self-defense classes ol-
fercd on the Draper campus.

The ircw group also proposed
that more night classes be offered
on the Di‘rrpct' Campus so there
would be a greater concentration of
people downtown. She specifically
suggested that continuing education
classes he offered at Draper.

()thcr scctirily measures the
women have instituted themselves
include rising ti “buddy systeni' to

   
 

Yellow-jacketed members of Student Sceurity Patrol.

we have never been lower in esteem
to European powers," Carter
remarked. Citing international
events which occurred from 1956 to
1960, he claimed we have been on a
downhill slope ever since.

Carter struck out at the Soviet
Union. “It is a lie that countries are
irrevocably lost once the U.S.S.R.
comes in," lte said. But he did not
hesitate to state that 85,000 Soviet
troops presently occupy the Afghan
border — “at the furthest point
since 1945."

Carter also discussed the “reality
of the loss of SALT ll — which
would stop the Soviet Union in their
tracts," the result being, to him, art
even greater arms race, and
American efforts to just stay ahead.

“Countries must think of their
owrt needs, demands, and historic
drives," proclaimed the former
state department spokesman.

The disctission finally shifted to
the lranian crisis, which Carter call—
ed a "political wash" and a
“holocaust.”

Carter says he sees no immediate
release of the captives in irun. Ac-
cording to him, stories about the
release of American hostages are
based on wishful thinking and little
on fact. "We are receiving mixed
signals from Tehran. if something
happens it will happen on their own
terms."

“Our security concerns cannot be
our only factor in foreign policy."
Carter stated. “We are in the pro-
cess of assisting building rialioris
with their political and economic
affairs."

Tlicre are no rttles for military
force, be said, "and we shouldn't
wave bombs around."

. 1V .

 
   

1. . .. _»
'Pliulu: snmy (‘uben

"Sllldl'IlIS Wale/t and IfSIPIl, but are no substitute for office/1r. "

SA Institutes New Vender Policy

by Stu Smith

As of September 24 the SA
solicitation policy now rcquircs
vcnders to pay student groups $20 it
drty in or tlcr for the students groups
to co-sign their solicitation permit.
according to (‘enrrril (‘ouncil (.‘Irrrit
l’ctcr Wcinstock.

Wciristock explained the need for
that change: “Vcridcts used to be
required to give student groups 25
pct cctit of their earnings. 'l‘hc stu»
dctit groups had no wriy of knowing
what the \cndct's' profits were, and
htivitig no proof. lost it lot of
money. The $10«ardrry fee trow iii-

stitcs stirdetit groups of an iti-
come."

The ticw policy was devised by
SA Vice President Brittn Levy last
summer. The policy was passed
through lritcriiril Affairs, ti subcom-
mittce of the (,‘cntrul Council. ttlltl
on September 24 was niridc ol'ficiril
by the Council.

"The whole purpose of soliciting
is fund raising for student groups.
The) can make tip to $i0t) it day by
taking on the responsibility of at
least one group. The solicitors are
here as it service to the students.
Some days people don’t like the

vcnders by the fountains — it can
get to be too much like a flcr
nitirket. Brit its up to the student
groups to control the solicitors,’
Levy said.

The new $20 payment “has for-
nruli/ed ri relationship between the
vcnders and student groups that liris
been going on for approximately 10
years," said Wcinstock.

"The $20-ti-driy fee insures
students that vcnders will not make
a profit off them without funding
going brick into the university."
Levy confirmed.

