 

 

 

Tickets on sale for Parents Weekend
breakfast at SA Contact office

 

 

 

 

 

FUJI

PEUGEOT
KHS

 

FALL TUNE-.UP SPECIAL!

Brake and derailleur adjustments.
Chain cleaning. Wheel tuning. Safety check.

$15.00

154 QUAIL STREET.AL_BANY,434-1T11
(Between Western and Washington Avenues)
Open Tues.-Fri.11-6pm SEt.-10‘5pm

LOTUS

- retail: 

- Sleeping Baqs
Eli-511% (IDIITZHI
Ar FAérony (in Co 055)
ONE DAY ONLY!!
SArundAy. Sep‘r. 27Tll

10a.m. to 6p.m. or as long as inventory II"!
All bags are iriplalayerroﬂlﬂv '0]! quality!
'3 lb near-guru: Hollol‘il u bag

retail: $59 ' sale: $28.04

3 lb tapered backpacker Hollofil ll bag
retail: $69 . sale: $30.84
31/: lb full featured Hollofil ll mummy bag
retail: $89 sale: $37.38
4 lb extra long Holioﬂl ll mummy bag

sale: $41.12
Mention this ad and get a $1.86 discount!

located at 39 Saratoga Street, Cohoes,
across from Cohoes Savings Bank branch,

I block behind Cohocs Manufacturing Co.

[September 26, 1980

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
 
 
  

NEW
WAVE

 

DANCE .

HIVIIIE

GASIS

OPEN 9:00 ’tJ'I...
WED.,THURS.,FRI.,SAT.
UNDER THE SILO RESTAURANT
1228 WESTERN AVE.

PRESENT THlS AD AT THE DOOR FOR A FREE DRINK
ON FRIDAY OR SATURDAY

DISCO

 

Mc 'r L'g'l'lTyGMAT {it
s ToDAT-GRE. 

Parmlnent Centers open rilys, - Opportunity to matte up missed
evenings and weekends. 5 ans.

Low hourl cost. Dedicated lull- - Vaiumlnous home~study naturist:
time sill. cons updated b research-
Cnmpleta TEST-n~iAP[3“llcllttles er: expert In their laid.

for revllw of class lessons and 0 Opportunity to transfer to and
supplementary materials. continue study at any at our
Small classes tlugtit by skilled over 80 centers.

Instructors.

. ‘ OTHER COURSES AVAILABLE “ ‘ _
‘GRE PSYCH - GRE Biti - MAT - PCAT - lich o‘VA ’
TOEFL - NMB - ViiE - ECFMG - FLEX - NDB - 

Call DH: lift”. A Wl'l‘lf’ﬂll‘.

439-8146

 

EDUCATIONAL CENTER
tor Ininrmliinn linqu Oihrr Ernllrl
TEsl PREPARATION uuisim- irr si-rp .
SPECIALISTS SINCE 1938 CALL roLL HIEE- 800423-1782

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
  
   

 

 

  
 
 

BACK ’0’ RIBS $5.95 Fuii rack of tender'Baby Back Ribs BBQed
to perfection, creamy Cole Slaw. and Steak Fries.

HALF A RACK $3.15 1/:a rack of tender‘Baby Back Ribs BBQed to
periection, creamy Cole Slaw, and Steak Fries.

BIBS ’il CHICKEN. $5.95 1/2 rack of ribs. 2 pieces of BBQ Chicken.

creamy Cole Slaw. and Steak Fries.

OOLONIE

72 Wait Rd.

(Across from Colonia Centre)
469-0485

SCHENECTADV
1M4 Stale BI.
3820730

LATHAM
Latharn Corner Shopping Center
785-0067

  

W

 

 

 

 

IF THERE'S I0 GROUND BOUND NEAR YOU. . . MOVE!

  
 
 

 
  
  
 

 

 

 

sneer

   PizxriiIACUlIBISitilV BAliiDl’lIfiliuﬁliON
DUADHOPHENIA

Nunullkictims ROBE" DAIIIIU ' .KllIN [NIWISIH I Pill lleNSiIfol R
bflt‘l'iiulli In fIAVlD tiUMl’tliiItS ' MARIIN SlithAN ' fllANE llllllilAM
i‘irirliirr-it in Rlit fiAIlll) h Bill CUlIIIlSllifi ' LlllPClPd by Mimi: IIDIIDAM O A l’llltlli lilM
MUSIC FthM THE SOUNDTRACK AVAllAﬂtE 0N POlYDOﬂ RECORDS AND TAPES

DU" liltiASiiiiiVW  RLD NORTHAL illliiPililAiitiii
a M 1 o N 1 o H T
“pELL SHOWING
MAN T O N I G H T
AND SATUR-
DAY

 

Washington Ave.
Albany 489-5322

 

 

 

 

 

W1]

Billy Martin was back in town last weekend
and I ran into him outside his favorite bar.
He looked a lot like he does on television -
sharp eyed and gaunt, sporting his mustache
and World Series ring as if he were born with
them. He was arguing. of course. but this
time it was with the bartender about the
amount of foam on his beer. All was normal
on the outside. yet something was not quite
right.

“Billy, how are you? We've missed you
since your move out west. what brings you
back to New York?"

His mood changed abruptly. His answer:
“Designer jeans."

“Designer Jeans? You're a baseball
manager, Billy. You shouln'i be lured back
to the Big Apple by the fashion designers. at
least not during the regular season."

"Listen to me." he said hoisting his
beer,"Have you seen them in those ads?
Lou Pinlella and Reggie are selling Jeans by
the ton. They're on every network In this
town and everybody loves them. Why. I
even met a girl who had tapes of their com-
mer‘r‘inls on Reggirrvision. Then she'd play
thum back between innings of the games on

"Couldn't you niorlr'l rlrirrldCIlL‘ with the
A's?" l rlblu'd.

“No (tilt! buys .Iorrlrir'lir: in Onldrind." hr:
sziirl glurnly. "Old ClirrrlitI Finluy's kids didn't
even own a pair of (:(llVlll chius ISL-skim.
Mtrijnm doesn't make nnyihing to go with
Aililoiir‘ (Erwin "

We talked for .‘rnothcr horn, twice frltlL’l"

Return r.

It WiiS prisiiiirrrlrt-rl l_L'li\’l’ii. llrllLl to read,
II was scribbled almost. Sirid something
filililll iill’i‘liilll Hiiliil.‘ lllilll in rill .rii grillrfry.
l’ossiblr' job as assistant to the director. The
i‘lllli‘ii’ll \t'illi'iiL'i"; practically lUlCt‘Ll iiit! to
lt‘il(l lu'twrmii ilit' lines. but thizro was
nothing llll'lt' llr- obviously lindri'i lilltr’ii
ptriris to st'riblilt' logibly. It was. one of thy
sr-lf .rrlrlrr'swil posii'rrnls l'rl give-n him before
he loft
..,..’..

About n iilitillll_ riftei rccr‘ivrng fib's
postcnrd, 1 got it sirringc fueling one night in
lrlli! October. It was like an intense liglii was
living shim-d on my whole body I woke up
terrified. but when I finally came around to
my senses. | icnli/cd it WiiS iliSl .i bittl dream

There's a certain taboo in Hollywood
about trying to film literary classics. What
works on paper may not translate effectively
to film. Ambitious though the project is. this
seems to have been the case with Thr-
Uniucrslty at Albany Bus Schedule. now
familiarly known to Us all as TIIC' 1980 SUNY
Bus Service Follies.

Perhaps the filmmakers were aware from
the start that they couldn't bring it off. Rather
than attempting to capture the letter of the
Schedule, they've gone out on an artistic
limb to create an expressionistic rendering
which seems rather like a collaboration bet—
ween Flo Ziegfeld and Sam Peckinpah. A
capable cast flounders under wank direction.
and is apparently left to improvise major 5r:-
qucncos. The result. which is sure to disap-
point everyone who's read and loved the
original Schedule. is a disjointed and COItIiiS'
irig mess.

'l'lit- unnamed protagonist seems to lll.‘ {iii
allegorical student fZVr-rymun. who is slllilll‘
iEtI through n typical student schedule.
Dependant on the merciless bureaucrats
who ririi this university shuttle bus system.
the student liiiurymrin finds himself Irili’ for
r‘lnzisrrs and missing maul» m. but. afir'r brm
lr-nvm liliii ‘rlrlllillllil at tho ‘iiiiii But this ii.
only .i fort-alinrlownig of llll‘ iillllllliitllt' to
CUIIH’

'I'Iil‘ original r‘illlt’lltllt‘ never made illcil'
lion of incidents like tlic protagonists imagin

 

 
 

ings of what might happen. Ilc lirillriciurites . LA

The Return or am

ing pitchers in relief. when there entered
George Steinbrenner for his ntghtcap.
Without a moment's hesitation Billy ushered
his Old boss to the table. Like old friends.
they dug out the memories — stories of
stolen bases and stolen signs. a tale of
mellowlng Neudecker and decking a mar-

 

..r it

. A ' . ' i s?
"No one buys Jordnchc in Oakland.”

The Student Notebook

shmallow salesman.

George was pleased that Billy stopped col-
lecling unemployment insurance as Billy was
relieved by George's not recalling Billy‘s
YANKEES Iiscense plate.

Passers-by began to notice the unlikely
pair I was seated with and rumors began to

   

 

 

oiirl shrugged it off No further onions iir'lcll
mo. and | consequently forgot tho \Ulitilt’
ordr'ol

it was Friday afternoon l-lo was in her
history class. Thr' lricturra sounded boring so
l-'|o was reading the ASP Something caused
but to look .‘it Ilit‘ person lit the next iow
Stitlilvnly. inexplicably. she was rcniinrli'd of
llb's [Nislnllil irrirl lllt‘ burning sensation in
IiL'i drerrm 'l'liuy hl‘ifillilll to be connected
Flo Jliilipt'll out of lll'l sr-nt rillll fled the loo
turo (‘r'iilt'i

The phone was ringing iii Flo's .rparrtrncnt
hilt lllt' only person who llt'rii'tl if was the
woman downstairs. who was trying to sleep
The phone rang twenty lilllt’b rillll then it

EELCLQE I
“L‘i'he Green

horrifying images of hapless busriders
decapitated when they can't gut inside the
suddenly-shut doors of the bus in lillii‘. in
fact all of Bus Scruicr: Follics' incredible
violence is original and completely
gratuitous. That the scenes early on are im-
aginary doesn't dilute their power. And they
do accurately and frighteningly foreshadow
the massive riot which is the film's conclu-
sion.

The anarchic tone of this final sequence
leads me to believe a director was never on
the set. The cast was left to improvise ~ ac-
counting for both the choppy and uneven
tone as well as the extremity of the violence.
Thirteen students who tried to elbow their
Wily in front of Evcrymrin and his friends
(who have been waiting in the hot sun for
over an hour) are summarily impaled on the
main flagpole. The r'iut. which in the context
of the filiir lasts three days. seems to go on
ltilt'Vt'l’. and eventually the slow motion
body (lISI'nCEnilik'l'iiit‘ill rind hloodleiting
begins to sr’r'm commonplace.

liow did it riirivt i'oumntic comedy come
to this?

Well. Thr‘ University oi All)“in Hus
Sclrarluiv. .i ninstcipu'cv of modurn fiction.
i‘, too lull of perhaps uritrrinslntrrbli‘ prose
and metaphor. How (on the scriptwriter
know what to do with lit-.ivy syiirbolism such
ii». in "Chapter II: The Wellington Sclredulez"

“Lurwr: Wclli'rigioii-Staic 8r Eagle at 5:15
null urrir'c of Alumni in approximately

From Here To Hearsay

stoppwl Tbr- woman downstairs rollr-d UW’I
and full .islrwp
"4......

On lllL‘ hris downtown. Flo was
driyrlr’ininiing l‘lcr highly charged strriu
mode focusing her thoughts difficult Just .rs
slio'd bi’gin to (‘t)il('i‘illl.ilt' on our llltliil
.ruotlir'r iiirrrgi' \\‘i|lllll fliirrt into lll'l niiiul
Shr- was thinking about Illrll guy lil history,
how tough ll \Uilillll ho to get off lllt' liirs. tlu
woman downstairs who slept rill rlny. paying
lIii‘ plioiii' bill Suddcirl‘.’ lrrzi‘ tliotrglit
sliificd io llli’ first llilll‘ slirl lllt'l lib 'l'hr- pur-
son next to her littllt‘lftl she was smiling

It was on the podium. of .ill places I'lc
hurl come up to her iiiid bod iiskr'rl hr'r some
question. Damn! Sllt’ couldn't remember the

 

ten minutes . . .

How can we know what the anonymous
author had in mind there? Common sense
tells us the feat is impossible. No allowance is
made for rush hour traffic. This was never
meant to be taken literally. The intent is
metaphoric. and any opinion on the true
meaning is likely to be as valid as any other.
How do we make a visual image out of this?

Yet thouin Schedule may defy the best at-
tempts to put it on the screen. we are under
no obligation to make any allowances for the
worst. If a serious effort to film Schedule
fails. such as Werner Herzog's attempt of last
year (which also relied heavily on expres-
sionistic techniques), critics and audiences
applaud the effort. But when meaningless
garbage srich as The 1980 SUNY Bus Scr-
uicc Follies tries to pass itself off as art. we

mm“... . ~— _

 

'I‘ha Iadlsm was wondorful

y The Kid

' , have 'the look'," Billy exclaimed. His face

 

fly. "Was this the promised reconcilliation?"
they wondered aloud. Billy. quite used to
crowds, siudiously ignored the din and even
the first two or three flashcubes. Indeed. one
of the cameras was held by Eileen Ford's
chlef-of-staff. Billy hadn’t looked cooler
since Chambliss' shot in ‘76.

Gloria Vanderbilt left her seat beside the
piano to join us. She leaned over to the
cause Of this commotion and whispered
something In his car.

"You mean it! You think that I really do

flushed with relieved excitement. He sat up
higher in his chair. his mustache raised to
show his grin.

Gloria took out a tape measure and began
wrapping it around him. but, in her haste.
she got George into the tangle. As they spill-
ed onto the floor, the heftler of the two
mumbled. “Billy. for once and for all, would
you get off my back?"

"You took care of that before George, and
I've got the Lite beer ads to prove It."

Gloria continued to entangle his ex-
tremities with the numbered line. As she
bound his wrists. nric- patron commented
that now. "Billy was truly a slave to fashion."

I left the bar to catch the last train home.
Looking back over my shoulder. I saw Billy
being ejected onto the side-walk. One might
think that this would be the final inning for
our do~throncd hero. birt then. haven't you
ever wondered who's really driving the Fen
i‘rrri loi Boniour?

What

question. I think he asked me what my ililnlL‘
was or was I ill some class of his; 1 even
rt‘illtflllliifr what he was wearing . I hated
him I thought lic was rude (Iorit‘cilud,
Didn't like the way by

A loud voice from llll‘ b.er “Allen Street.
plmsr' " Flo woke wrlli u start. and just Ill
time to got off the bus before it pulled away.
She felt liglii. and for sonw ll‘r'ISUIl. Ti‘lll'VL‘d.

The plliiilt' was ringing in Flo":- .rprrrtment
(is she was unlocking the door On what
must have been the twentieth ring. I-‘lo pick-
wl up the rricrzivur. “l hrivo rm overseas call
for Florence McBride Can you accept?"
Mutoly, Flo nodded.

The conversation that followed wars to be.
for Flo. n lesson in sense and sensibility

. .
p I' c

may as well hang It up and let lrwiri Allen
filrri Shakespeare. This Isn't a movie: it's r
nightmare.

Do not spend your money on this. It's not
worth it. The violence doesn't explain
anything. nor Is it ever explained as being
anything but the mindless rage of an angry
mob. The whimsy of Schedule is lost, The
drama destroyed. Art becomes graffiti. This
Is a crime. The attempts to lighten it up with
musical numbers doesn't work any better.
and rather than offbeat entertainment we
have schizophrenia.

But worst of all, it's too long, We endure
the same fate as Everyman. waiting and wat-
ching those damn buses go by ~ over and
over. I think the climactic riot just might be

echoed in theaters. Who could put up with
it?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

