 

     
 
   

Ronald eag'an— i _
Conservattve

David Prlebe , -

i ﬁnd it necessary to answer Jeffrey
Shapiro’s defense of Ronald Reagan that
appeared in the October 14th ASP. To be
fair. however. a wider critique of all three
major candidates is required. for they are
more alike than dissimilar if inspected in a
scope of political discourse broader than is
usually found in this nation. if you find
Reagan unacceptable. as i do. then the
choice for the Presidency may turn out to
be -- none of the above. ‘

Mr. Shapiro ﬁrst dealt with Mr. Fithim-
mons' Marxist critique of Reagan. That he
did so very briefly may be an indication that
such arguments are not politically respec-
table in this country. This can only be to the
harm of the people. for any limit of infor-
mation limits the possible solutions to our
problems. However. this point takes on ad-
ded significance when Reagan's own feel-
ings are taken into consideration. As Presi-
dent of the Screen Actor‘s Guild in the post
World War ll years. Reagan led the fight to
persecute actors suspected of Communist
tendencies. in looking back at the matter.
he never once questioned the validity of his
actions. merely calling for the rertcceptuncc
of actors who had recanted their "wrong"
beliefs.

l would like to draw two conclusions
from this episode. First. Reagan‘s attitude
is typical. l contend. of his total political
view. ideas seem to be all-too defined in his
mind. so often couched in the classic.
ideologically bankrupt “good and evil“
fashion. Not only does this close ltis mind
to new (and possibly helpful) ideas. it stig-
gcsts a dangerous intolerance to those who
disagree with him. (Witness another pro-
Reagan writer in tire saute ASP. Mr.
Khoury. who felt that Reagan supported "a
crackdown on communism and
socialism"). This tendency. one that can
truly be labelled “reactionary.” could
become at threat to the freedom of thought
that is the greutcn pillar of tltc .lcffct'sottian
tradition. .

A second r. ttl: of this attitude pot tents a
dangerous course itt foreign policy. if
Reagan‘s mind is ft.m:y set in lltc lrttisttts
expressed by Mr. Shapiro. that Marxism
has been “discredited both theoretically
and historically." that the
“bureaucratic-caste" is necessarily "the
core" of a cotntnunist state. then we must
wonder how Reagan would deal with the
nominally (though not actually)

'communist" nations ofthcwotld. ltt tact,
Reagan has recently advocated a policy of
unilateral armament that would discard the

 
  
  

Inachon'
In Action

arms-control negotiations process. a policy
also seen in the defense expenditures called
for by the Republican platform. This policy
would only escalate the arms race. and
would force a series of undemocratic ac—
tions (the draft. support of dictatorsallies)
in the effort to “keep up with the Soviets"
and remain “number one." Of course.
there is no true rationality that would even
consider the use of atomic weapons. yet one
wonders how Reagan could display any
sense of restraint and cooperation with the
Soviet nation he so firmly dislikes in the
event of potential military crisis.

Mr. Shapiro next dealt with the charges
that Reagan is unintellectual. that he sup-
ports “Manil‘cst Destiny” or a fundamen-
talist attitude. Mr. Shapiro. didn't you hear
Reagan's acceptance spcch at the
Republican convention? Did he not call for
a “crusade”? Did he not stop for a moment
of prayer - nothing less than a call that
God is on our side? And is it not his avowed
belief that the United States should be the
leader of the world? (If it is not. you have a
lot of explaining to do.)

1 ant not suggesting that Reagan is a
stupid person. However. it is indeed signifi-
cant that he cspouses such highly-charged
rhetoric. a “fundamentally” non-rational
appeal. (Pascal. the brilliant French
mathematician attd philosopher. tried to
prove the existence of God. but concluded
that to believe required “a sacrifice of the
intellect"; Martin Luther felt that faith
ttlonc could help. while “reason is the
greatest enemy that faith has.") To be sure.
Mr. Cohen's remark about Midwestern
furthers was ill-considctcd. yet Reagan docs
tune a strong fundamentalist-tcligious
basis. While the Revs. Jackson. Col’ttn and
Young tit-yer (to my knowledge) adyocatcd
causes simply because "(iod said it was
right.‘ Rcy. l‘ulwell and his t’cllow~tra\clcts
\cct dangerously close to lltttl non—rational
justilicution. Just listen to them.

The fundamentalist mentality shows its
:ruc colors itt its contradictory \lc‘us on
human life. As Mr. Khoury pointed out.
they are against abortion because “no one
has tltc choice or tight to kill a gift of
Lind.“ I can see that some would b
abortion. although to introduce deities tnto
the political rcttlm is. as l httyc htntcd. it
lttilirtdltttttttl mysticism. But at the some
time the ftmdatttentalists who don‘t want to
kill pic-born "gifts of God" are inﬁll-or of
capital puntshmcnt for those already botn
(as is Mr. Shapiro). ltt fact. they support
the cntitc (‘old War mentality that has
resulted in the death of millions. and that

 

  

 

 

Pro-Law Advises

To the Editor:

While l view the efforts of Student
Association to initiate a Program of Peer
Advisement (ASP. October l0) as signifi-
cant. I feel it should be recognized that the
SUNYA Pre-Law Association has been
“peer-advising" successfully for almost six
full months.

Without any fanfare. Pre-Law Associa-
tion Vice President Christopher Berry has
been doing an excellent job of coordinating
a program of pre-law peer advisement.
Working closely with the Center for Unv
drgraduate Education's Pre-Law Adviser.
Robert Gibson. Mr. Berry has developed a
competent staff of six extensively trained
student advisers who can answer virtually
any question asked of them —— without any
form of remuneration.

it is not the Pre-Law Association's inten-
tion that a competition be established with
SA's peer advisers. Since we are essentially
seeking tltc satnc goal. and iii many cases

will bring the terror of total war closer to

actuality. How cart sttch a contradictory

philosophy claim to be reasonable or
“moral”? Mr. Reagan would teach crea—
tionistn in the schools (ottc wonders if he
would also teach Flat-Earth tltcory or
phlogiston chemistry); he considers corti-
tnttnisttt ittttnoral. but CIA activities and
overseas corporate bribery moral.

Reagan's view of women's rights. the
next point addressed by Mr. Shapiro. cart
also be linked to this appeal. 1 don’t
necessarily think Reagan is against women‘s
rights. but much ofhis thinking suggests so.
His rcmtttk on “statcs‘ rights“ is revealing
— we shottld remember that the Southern
states wanted the right. untrummelcd by the
federal government. to continue to “put
blacks itt their place." Wottld leaving
women's rights at the state level be it ploy to
accomplish ti similar tnsk'.‘ l’hylli. Scltttlly.
a prominent figure at the cotncntiott that
nominated Reagan. truly bclic\cs that tt
woman's place is in tltc home, for she has
said that people who don‘t want to have
childtcn (itt other words, ctttcct' women)
should forfeit their Social Security benefits.
l'inally. Reagan's fundamentalist ullics
make no claim other than the status quo. as
witnessed by their so-cullctl “ftunily” orien-
tation. Mr. Shapiro's crack about
“petson-holc covers" suggests nothing
more than it typical l'igtnc of speech that
distorts t’tlllltft than (it‘lll\ with the signifi—
cant issue of women‘s rights,

l’ittnlly. Mr. Shupito defended Rettgtm's
ccononnc \iews. l would add to Mr.
Cohen's criticism only by stating that most
economists zttc sceptical of the l.ttl'l‘lct curve
theory adopted by Reagan. and also that

.r—rr-n-o—rr-t

 

the same students. it should become a
cooperative endeavor by both parties.
However. the Pre-Law Association’s peer
advisement offers a specialized form of
counseling that probably cannot be gained
from the SA peer advisers.

While it is inevitable that the Prc-Luw
Association's Program will not attract as
muclt exposure as SA's Program. it is my
sincere hope that students will nevertheless
take advantage of the benefits that the Pre-
Law Association's Peer Advisement Pro-
gram have to offer. t
-—Brad Rothbnnm

President

Sex In Language

To the Editor:‘

In his rebuttal (ASP. October 14). Jet'-
frey Shapiro claims that he “finds it hard to
believe that anyone could seriously protest
the generic use of the word ‘mcn‘." May i
suggest that Mr. Shapiro become more
aware ofsociolinguistics. Research has been
done which shows that language not only

 

 

any tnoncy issued by Reagan will .rIt'I/ be
backed otin by the governmcttt (unless the
gold standard, which would concentrate
capital in the hands of the wealthy and stifle
growth. as it did in the late |8(X)'s. is
reestablished.) As for the Kctttp-(iarciu bill.
i think Mr. Cohen‘s argument is still valid
even if tltc proposal is not considered to be
it ltousittg project; Mr. Shapiro‘s unti-
wcll‘ttrc jibes are all—too-typicttl of thc
Reagan-conservative philosophy of
“blaming the victim."

I think i could accurately sttttt up
Reagan's appeal as a combination ot
capitalist revitalization programs (Mt.
Shapiro‘s “progressive") and a backwatth
looking social outlook (tltc “conscruttivc”
part). llut it is it filial contntcttt on the any
biguity of Reagan‘s thought that this syn-
thesis is itself contradictory. The conser-
vativc’s prisz community ethic runs ditch-
ly counter to tltc individualist notions of
liberal capitalism: it is precisely cttpilttlisnt
that has altered the old notion of the
“l'atttily.” A nationalistic. expansionist
foreign policy is ttsctl to drum up support
for the military that is needed to protch
overseas investments (which was pteciscly
the motivation behind the terrible Vietnam
Witt that Reagan hits tlistottcdly praised).
but it is also opposed to the intliyitlnul
ethic. as represented by opposition to the
draft. Reagan has bcctt tumble to clutilv his
ideological dichotomy. so in the finttl
analysis we cannot know what he would do
its President. How long would he pttt ott
dt'ztl't registration? “'oultl he "saw the
family" at the cost of cnpitalism‘.’ In sum
motion. is he of the religion ot St. l-tnncia
— or of the ('rttsttdcs‘.’

 

 

restate-taste

 

 

 

   

HOPE

    

\)

 

 

  

 

 
  

MR- Hemmee, IF “(Ht-5 meet) pass
an 5 wire ‘u -
  s Mada/“y W

 

ELA66 to own?

111‘

  
 
   

:WPut/iié

TlilUé, BOT

 

 

§
IE

 

I UMP
50KB ‘rDUétl/MTS WE CDHHEUT'?

 

  

 

sax),

M66 (‘5 A smote-

iNigREiS t‘ﬁw m5
\ CHlL
ARE

smote-
lttJTEtEtEST
r rival 5“
) We

MAL),

l
ER‘STAUV L/OUE th5 l6 .
r art/EVE to
the AHEPtCAk)

AM Air)
etc meson =

 
 
   

 

t‘
.r—u—n— “ﬁmyﬁtl

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

       
    

r
.—...,.. .

'r-‘h‘f



 

 

         
 
  
     

 
 
   
 
  

.,-».:-,.'m‘ ,1 \l
 Uh” '

t, g t
are!

i

hes?

t
I
I t

 

 

Mil  ' 
‘. ~ ~ . ﬁt"

I
11‘

 

r 

,’ “

   

t
_ V.

   
    

 

 

   

