 

 

i

l.

Sound & Vision

  

- . r i .

September 26, 1980

 

t a time when most heavy metal
bands have dissolved. changed
key members, or are being swept

away by the new metal movement from Brl~
tain. the group Queen refuses to bite the
dust. Queen has remained prominent not
just by producing hit albums but by perform—
ing these hits In spectacular fashion.

Queen entered the Glens Falls Civic

Center Tuesday night to a standing room on-
ly crowd of fans waiting to be rocked, The

Ed PTnka

group has always been theatrical and
musically close-knit. Lead singer Freddie
Mercury led the band in rapid fire succession

through the two hour set. Mercury’s ballet
background was quite evident as he danced
and commanded the show moving front
center stage. to his piano, and to the speaker
platform at the extreme edges of the stage
Surrounded by a massive lighting setup and
coupled with smoke machines and explo-
sions. Queen had the audience standing for
much of the concert.

"Jailhouse Rock", Qtieen their moVerl into
“We Will Rock You" with Mercury tii'ging
the audience to join in the chorus. which
they gladly did. Then as quickly as Brian
May could change chords. Queen started to
cook. “Let Me Entertain You" was followed ‘
by the title cut off the new album “Play the
Game". win "1 was done quite well.

allow Mercury to get to the piano. or chat
with the audience, Queen ran through some
of their older tunes. "Death on Two Legs".
"Killer Queen". “In Love with My Car", and
"Get Down. Make Love" brought out the
best of Queen Lights flashed. smoke smok-
ed, Mercury partied wildly and Brian May
cranked out one of his impressive solos.

album The Game by running througii some
of its material. The best song was “Save
Me",

Opening with (i powerful version of

Continuinzi (if a pace slowed down otrly to

then subtly pushed their new

Queen

due mainly to Mercury's powerful

vocals

The next song was tenderly dedicated to

Little Thing Called Love",
Rhapsody" (which had help from tapes for
the middle harmonized chorus part) and
then finished the evening “Tie Your Mother

all the ladies in the audience with a “fat as"
(Can you name that tune?). This was follow-
ed by the first successful break in tempo with
the acoustic song "Love of My Life".

The wild tempo was resumed with a short

drum solo by Rodger Taylor. “Keep Yourself
Alive" followed, then Taylor took another
solo on the kettle drums Brian May then
took his second solo. This one was filled with
distortion and echoes which sounded like
Mercury's acappella vocals in the "Prophet
Song".

The rest of the band returned to do “Crazy
"Bohemian

 
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Down".

After a thunderous ovation,(and the
chance to flick a bic) Queen returned with
“Another One Bites the Dtist". and “Sheer
Heart Attack".

Still craving more, the capacity crowd
brought the boys otit for a second encore.

Mercury once again got the audience to
join in on "We Will Rock You"; most of the
crowd screamed along to “We Are The
Champions"; and then Queen bid a gracious
good-night with "God Save the Queen".
Then before the btcs could flick again, the
lights were turned on and the red-eyed,.
bladder bursting masses headed for the exits,
satisfied that Glens Falls Civic Center had
never been rocked so magnificently before.

 

Though portions of the concert were taped music. Queen’s sold-
out performance was a live success.

 

 

 
 

Out f Place, Out or Time

anadu has a severe case of
y schizophrenia. lt desperately wants
to be an old fashioned 1930's
musical complete with Gene Kelly and RKO-
styled credits. The producers. however,
realize that most film oers are too young to

Mark Bossier

remember those great musicals, so they tried
to update it with a fantasy plot and disco
numbers. The dichotomy is too strong for
Xanadu to work successfully on either level,

The people behind this movie make no at-
tempt to hide their goal; in fact the two
aspects of the plot exist simultaneously. in
one key sequence Gene Kelly, who plays
Danny. an ex-bandleader, and Michael

 

Beck. who plays Sonny. the young artist.

with a dream, stand in an abandoned
auditorium they plan to convert in., a
nightclub-disco. Each visualizes what the
club Will be like; Kelly sees men in zoot suits
and women in fishnet stockings dancing to a
big band wund. fleck 'in the other hand
sires brightly clad, asexual toiiples discolrig
to the Tuber. lhe twu numbers play well by
tiiernsulves, but when they merge, both of

them low. This kind of mixing would ac-

count for the sense of uneasiness that
permeates the project. if it were a straight
disco movie it might have worked and if it
were just an old style musical it could also
have worked. but the two genres are just too
different to blend.

The musicals of Hollywood's “golden
years" had paper thin. boy meets girl. boy
loses girl, boy gets girl plots, The songs were
simple love ballads or tap numbers that
blended smoothly into the milieu. Xanadu is
constructed in just the opposite way. it was
made (and the producers admit this) to fit
around the songs in order to sell the sound-
track album. The numbers are performed by
Olivia Newton-John and the Electric Light
Orchestra and since each are primarily recor-
ding stars (ELO doesn't even appear in the
movie) the plot has to adapt to their differing
styles rather than vice versa. This leaves the
screenwriters with an interesting problerri: if
you listen to the words of the singles released
so far (“Mtigic", “All Over the World". and
the title cut) you realize they are not strong
lyrically. nor are they meant to be. That may
be fine for u three~miuute song, liitt this gives
the writers nothing to build it ninety ininute
movie on. T here is no way to come up with
a simple plot that cart take into account the

various styles of the songs. To try and ac-
complish this. the writers concoct a storyline
involving a roller skating muse
(Newtondohn) who comes to life in order to
bring Danny and Sonny together so they can
fulfill their dreams of glory. They do this by

“The writers have nothing
to build a ninety minute
movie on.”

 

opening the disco that gives the film its title.
Tire plot is not supposed to make a great
deal of sense, and it doesn't (however it must
be taken into account that the producers.
worried about the film's reception. cut ap-
proximately forty minutes -~~ that kind of loss
is botiitd to confuse any story), but i don't
think it really stilts its designated purpose
either. The songs stand out only because
they don't fit in. which is not the best way to
sell a number.

The stars don't help the situation either.
Gene Kelly seems uncomfortable and
mystified about what he's doing here. it's
typical of a star who wants to do things the

old way in a protect with people who don't
know the old way. He looks embarrassed, as
if he were seeing his entire legacy fade before
his eyes. Kelly also has difficulty working
with Beck and Newton-John This is Beck's
first major role and his inexperience shows.
Xanadu might have been more successful if.
as in Middle Age Crazy. the stars were able
to help the script over its weak spots. Beck
just plays along though. and he doesn't have
a stong enough personality to make the
character belleveable. Newton—John's per-
sonality is equally bland and the director
seems to realize this. The extensive cutting i
mentioned earlier was due, in large part, to
her inability to bring excitement to the pro-
perty. When she's not singing she is con-
spicuously absent.

Xanadu was intended to he (I major sum-
mer release and its production was followed
closely by the press. The growing number of
compromises and lack of a press screening
showed a growing lrw. of faith in llit' project
The producers and stars. (esperially Kelly)
were sounding less than optimistic in ltil('t-
views. and they obviously no longer believed
in the project They even began to say it was
doomed to failure not only in execution
btit in concept. They were right.

 

eptember 26, 1980

MM

h, yes. there is hope for Southern
a4 rock, Virginia. The corps of groups

born in the early 70's, originating
with the Allman Brothers Band, seemed to
have fallen into a period of stagnation and
commercialization as of late. with megabuck
returns on anything and everything produc-
ed by the groups such as Charlie Daniels
Band, Lynyrd Skynyrd, the Allmans and

Bill O’Brien

TTeElay night’s feature artists at the Palace
Theatre. the Marshall Tucker Band. Having
seen all these bands at one point in time or
another. i personally prefer all their older
tunes to the new material. in most cases,
musical quality and increased bank accounts
have not seemed to mix well. Tuesday night.
though, i was proven wrong. The Marshall
Tucker Band. performing under a full moon
(which unfortunately didn't cause much au-
dlence adrenalin to flow) and to a packed
house. gave their best performance,
technically and musically, that l have Seen,
Their stage presence was low-key btit still iii
viting. Apparently. however, few llUtll'll the

 

call.

The band might have played longer and in
art even more frenzied manner had the an»
(lience chosen to back them up. liven the
band's entrance went almost unnoticed (Hill
was greeted by sporadic applause at best
They, then, launched into their first number,

- a slow atrd mysterious version of “ltunntn‘

.ike the Wind". the title cut of last wink
offering. The tone at the start of the alitIU.‘
was undoubtedly rllltlll'tit'i’lirli’llli‘fl rriul
low. The band wanted to play rough. as was
evrdent in the many dii'mt exhoitdtionu hi:
the band members However
apathy and an especially cranky
system kept the players laid hack for ilu' lrr‘t
third of tire show. The vumls tliiritirt tho fir-.t
couple of songs were fin t )1) loud, witii li'riil
singer Doug (irtiy iirotiornng ltt‘tjiit'ttfli' to
his sound men to do something. 'l he banks
of speakers surrounding the stage were
equally uncooperativti, rumbling. si'rur'i'hurrr
and thundering feedback blasting through .r~.
lotid as the roar of the band i \vrtilt'tl ii]!
prehensively for the hand to quit during it
couple of songs. so loud was lllt‘ fl‘tlillirif k.
especially during "The Last of the Singing
Cowboys," when lead guitarist Toy Caldwell
was visibly upset by the noise.

Despite all these obstacles. the hand per-
formed remarkably well.

The Marshall Tucker Band is a (‘rillt’t'iliiti
of some very fine talents. The tw1i guitarists.
band leader Toy Caldwell and George Mr
Corkle, are definitely fashioned upon the

ﬁeacejmn

initlir'nti'

\‘lllltil

 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

y first impression upon walking into
the third cinema (at Cine 1M6)
should have told me what I was in

for. There were exactly six people in the
theatre and they all looked like they ltad no
more money to throw away on bad movies

Bill O’Brien

than i did. However, none of US could hard
lit have guessed just how bad this movie
would be.

Spaced Out is a movie for all those all
vocates of sex, drugs. and rock‘n'roll.
because that is all this film has to offer. lrn»
l7ortant aspects of filmmaking (successful
filmmalttng. that is) such as plot,
characterization, climax (although no literary
climax presented itself. there were many
climaxes in the show) or any other sort of
continuity was never evident at arty point in
lhe program. The "plot" consisted of an
"alien" spaceship (although there was very
little alien about this ship) which loses its
navigational control somewhere in the
"Ulsthborhood of Earth, and is forced to land
in England. Here the audience meets. the first
"i the patlietlc protagonists, Ollie (Barry
Slnliesl and his sweetheart, Prudence

 

 

Sound & stlo'n

 

Fire In The Palace

typical Southern~5tyle format first used by
Allman Brothers guitarists Duane Allman
and Dickie Belts. Swapping occasional

leads. the duo complement each other '

equally well on rockers like “Rambltn” and
“24 Hours at a Time," or on funkier
numbers and ballads like the slow l'ln My
Own Way," and "Fire on the Mountain".
Jerry Eubanks is an extremely versatile musl-
clan. trading off between his saxophones
and ﬂute to add layers of additional color
and emphasis during his few leads. The flute
solo on “Take the Highway" and the sax solo
during “24 Hours at a Time" really got the
crowd moving at long last. However. the
best performer on the stage Tuesday night
and every night the Tucker Band plays is
drummer Paul Riddle. Fiery Riddle probably
gets the least recognition of all the members
of the band. but la 5 as if he was born with

 

 

golden drumsticks in his hands. Very few
drummers anywhere are in the same league
with Riddle, who showed his talents during
every song. providing tricky and intricate
rythyms during an extended "Fire on the
Mountain". Riddle was called upon
repeatedly by Caldwell and McCorkle,
backs facing the audience, to energize the
sluggish crowd. That he did. Lead singer
Doug Gray has undoubtedly the best voice in
Southern rock. Gray belts out each number
with a silky, bourbon-smooth, sensuous feel-
ing that mellows the electric beat from the
band, and the result is Marshall Tucker‘s
trademark: a Southern boogie band that.
unlike the Allmans. Skynyrd (sorry. folks),
Charlie Daniels Band. the Outlaws. ZZ Top
or anyone else, has a credible vocalist.
Gray's voice hasn't held up over the years of
road work as well as it might. though. One

 

(Lynne Ross) Ollie parks the car in a shady
grove of a park which serves as the liarllr
bound setting, and attempts to score points
with l’rutlencv. mtich to her disdain. They
are unknowingly being spied upon by the
next entrant, Cliff (Michael Rowlatt). the
male sex symbol of the show. Cliff has a nas-
ty habit of undressing worneit with his eyes,
none of which is lost to the audience, Mean-
while, the star of the show, Willie (played by
Tony Maiden). has made his entrance. dirty
magazine in hand. He procedes to an
obscure corner of the park to prove his sex-
ual abilities to the women in his book.

llis manual exercise is interrupted.
however, by a less than blinding light
emanating from a cheap. Star Wars or 2001
style spaceship that lands not far from this
collection of starstruck boobs. And speaking
of boobs, here's where plui ends and boobs
reign supreme. Unfortunately, you’re only
twenty minutes ltito the show. Our little band
decides to check out this trionstrosity,
becomes trapped inside, and are taken
prisoner by a crew of admittedly very sexy
women; Partlin (Ava (Ilavell, a former Oui
and Playboy honey), Glory Antieii. Cusia,
and their skipper (Kate Ferguson). a leather-
Cltlfl 581M bound. The only lllliigilfiiif

thickens the air after this point is the heavy
breathing.

The "aliens" decide the male prisoners are
a very valuable cargo. due to the fact that
they have never seen one of these
“flat-chested" types before (how they con-
tintie to populate their planet is a mystery to
this reporter), and also due to their "cargo"
of cylindrical plastic sexual devices (more
commonly known as dildoes) melted during
the emergency take-off from Earth. The
skipper orders a physical examination of the
male passengers, and during the inspection
Costa is the first woman from her planet to
discover the joys of an erect penis. i guess
sex is pleastirable universally, and these
ladies are no exception to the rule. There's
no stopping these women after awhile
(especially Miss Clavell) and even Ollie gets
his in the end (so does Cliff. literally), after

“The film has many climaxes."

 

battling through space with Prudence
(perfect name) to get his share of the pie.
Willie, a sort of wtrnpy Paul Kantner look-
alike. becomes the Burt Reynolds of space.
and is the clear choice of all three women as
bed partner. He is then invited to fly off into

 

Page 7a

Marshall & to. Play 'I'he'l'own

need only to pick up a copy of Marshall
‘Tucker's "Where We All Belong" album,
and put on the side with "Ramblin" live to
find that out.

The newest member of the band, as most
Tucker fans are aware. is bassist Franklin
Willkle. A longtime friend and high school
classmate of the band members, Wlllkie
replaces Tommy Caldwell. charter member
to the band. brother of leader Toy Caldwell,
and rock-steady bass player since the group
started in 1972. Tommy Caldwell was fatally
injured In an automobile accident in June
and has become the latest of the Dixie
rockers to die. Toy Caldwell brieﬂy discussed
the death of brother Tommy before introduc-
ing bassist Wlllkie (who kept a very low pro-
file through most of the show) at the top of
the first encore, a whipping version of the
crowd favorite, “Can't You See". Two more
encores followed, "Searchin' For a Rain-
bow" and “This Ol’ Cowboy" (also from
“Where We All Belong"). the former draw-
ing the only genuine crowd response of the
night after some simply dazzling guitar ex-
changes by Toy Caldweil and George Mc
Corkle. The bright lights came up as the last
notes of “This Ol' Cowboy" disappeared,
Doug Gray heaved his tambourine into the
20th row and Albany will have to wait till
next year.

All in all this was a very good concert per-
formance by a band i had given up on a cou-
ple of years ago after "Carolina Dreams" was
released. Big recording Contracts have a
knack for sapplug creative. energies, litit I
made the mistake of underestimating this
group from Spartriribtirg. South Carolina.
Considering the loss of Tommy Caldwell.
l'tn very iirrpii'ssed to see Marshall Tucker
carrying on so well

tlimuiy Vaughan (guitar). Keith Ferguson
(bass). Mike Bur k (drums) and Kim Wilson
(harp and vocals) call themselves lllt'
Fabulous ’l'hunderbirdu, Well. they may be a
step short of fabulous. but I'd bust heads to
get into a bar with a big dance floor to see
them. The T-liiids are ii combination boogie
wuogie. blues. and rockabilly hand that
makes me want to grease my hair and roll up
cigarette packs in my sleeve. Sort of a syn-
thesis of lilvis Presley, tlL‘li‘) Lee Lewis and
litirlrly l‘liilly. lllt' liiirp playing and greasy
blues vocals of Wilwn and the tight interplay
between guitarist Vaughan Alfld bassist
l-eigtison kept the palace rocking for 45 solid
minutes Once again. however. the crowd
was not with them and cries of "Marshall
Tucker'" could easily be heard by the band.
Still. l'd give them an 8.5 on a scale of ten
and i wonder why noruI of the New Wavers
ante otit for the Thirds. i hope they come
b...- it soon.

Soft core Bombshell

space to fertilize future generations of
morons and give this movie a chance for a
sequel. Fortunately for us, he nobly
declines, There it is, folks. the worst movie of
the semester, anyhow.

Even more boring and obnoxious than the
cast of characters were the sldekicks onboard
the spaceship. Bob Saget and Jeff Dehart of
the Los Angeles Comedy Store portray a
talking homosexual computer that spews
filth and oversees every move made aboard
the ship. (Remember Hal the talking com-
puter in 2001?); the other plays a Jewish,
Junkie Wurlitzer Jukebox, "Snow" Schwartz.
Fortunately. Snow has no celluloid ancestor.
and we won't have to worry much about this
one when the Academy Awards are an-
nounced next spring.

(30 see Spaced Out only if you are a
serious space shot yourself and have access
to the right drugs to make yourself laugh at a
basically lightweight. and quite boring flick.
Believe me. don't waste the money. This
movie is a product of the late seventies con-
sciousness that considers dope chic and free
fornication fun. if this is an Indication of the
kind of material the Comedy Store has in

.stock, it's obvious they'll be out of business
'soon.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

