   

       

  

 

7.x . at.

u “at:

‘ .
at
f

. at»

 

hether it is butterflies vs
bulldozers or

been the source of much controversy.

g Eric K0" and
Laura Florentino

 

The 167-acre Crossgates mall in
Albany was proposed by the Pyramid
Corporation of Syracuse. lf built,
Crossgates would be the largest of
Pyramid's 31 malls. housing four major
department stores and 150 specialty
shops, restaurants, and theaters.

Overshadowing the proposed Albany
shopping mall are possible environmental
pollution hazards. threats of business loss
in the Capital area, underlying political
ties, and the possible destruction of an
untouched. unique natural wetland area.

Opposition to Pyranrid's Crossgates
mall developed from environmentalists.
concerned citizens. and businessmen
who feel the mail will have disastrous ef-
fects. Environmentalists were drawn into
the controversy because of their concern
over possible harm to the unique Pine
Bush area. site of the proposed mall. Ac-
cording to Gregory Bell, second vice
president of the Save the Pine Bush. Inc.
the Pine Bush area is a unique wetland
ecosystem in which many distinct life
forms are found. “The Pine Buslr area is
unique because it is not near the
seacoast. You can find here species not
found anywhere within a 20(10-mile
radius. it's a biological thing which
doesn't exist elsewhere." Bell said.

Bell points out that the Buck moth,
Karner Blue butterfly. and the Hog Nose
snake will suffer if the mall is built.

However. Pyramid's managing part-
ner. Bruce Kenan , feels that the Pine
Bush will not be seriously hurt by the
mall. Crossgates will be built on an area
of the Pine Bush which is not of substan-
tial ecological importance. according to
Kenan '. "We're right on the edge of the
Pine Bush, in fact some groups consider
us out of it," Said Kenan . Kenan was

The Crossgates Story

just hot-
headed housewives look-
ing for a cause. the propos-
ed $85 million Crossgates
mall in Guilderland has

Conservancy. which Kenan,
showed the Crossgates land outside the
Pine Bush area. Kenan also says that
Pyramid will donafe 66 acres of
"important" Pine Bush land to the City of

(A Bossibillty .

* A company applioa to tho State
[or . . r .
company and any ,,

hearing officer.

x

tion to the head of EnCon, Robert

 

Albany to be used as a nature preserve.

Pyramid Corporation also has their
own butterfly expert, Dr. Dale
Schweitzer Dr Schweitzer feels that
Crossgates will not harnr the Karner Blue
butterfly. Kenan emphasized Pyramid's
plarr to preserve a intrach hill for the ori-
ly colony of Karner butterflies in the
Crossgates lands Dr. Schweitzer believes
that this hill will insure the preservation of
the butterfly in this area. Bell. however,
believes this area will not be adequate for
the survival of the butterfly. “The butterfly
can't survive with cars all around. It can't
stay in one spot." said Bell. He added
that Pyramid is putting “plastic Karner
Blues inside plastic malls." Bell. feels that
the corporation doesn't do things on
good intentions. “they do it to buy the
public off."

onstruction of the mail will entail
the destruction of over 80 houses.

as well as the bulldozing of 16 to
20 acres of slate protected wetlands.
On the business end, local

 

r' MeAaLMLMaJ
Benefits Of

Written by u Pyramid Employee

l'olr the multitudes of SUNYA students who hare had trouble finding a job near school
a cu tural event to attend. or a variety of good. inexpensive restaurants to eat at. the

m

Grosssates

referring to a map made by the Nature
claims

EnCon

it Can Carey be inﬂuenced by parties wanting permits? Has he been in
\ ﬂuenced in the past? The potential ext-tal .

 

\ road . . . Crossgates mall. 0

answer will soon be one mile from campus. The proposed Crossgates mall will be located
just past Stuyvesant Plaza on Western Avenue and will relieve SUNYA'students of the
boredom the Capital District now offers them. Although the construction of the mall is
goJrrleyfl‘tastmcctiiL232versial. there 15 no controversy over the mall's potential benefits for

Completion of the Crossgates mail will create over 2500 jobs, most of which will be
part-time, minimum wage retail jobs for which students are often hired. There will be eas
access to these jobs via the Capital District's bus system. which travels up Western Avenuy
orsince the center will be a mile away. one might decide to bicycle or walk a

llre mall will have a large number of stores not presently found in the Albany area
These stores will offer merchandise of higher quality than is now available at other outlets
around town. and these stores will give students a wider variety of places to shop Filene's
a Bostorrbased. high 'quality department store, has already agreed to be a tenant in the
center.

For those of us whose appetites are not satisfied by Walt's subs and Albany Campus Piz-
za. Crossgates mall will offer Cafe Square. a collection of about twentyvfive different fast-
food restaurants that Share a common seating area. Every kind of ethnic and international
food will be available only moments away from any of the four uptown quads. In addition
to Cafe Square. there will be several sit-down. high-quality restaurants. as well as a dinner
theatre. This will eliminate the need to travel all the way tip to Wolf Road for a decent
meal.

Above and beyond the food. the jobs. and the merchandise. the Crossgates mall will of—
fer students a new place to go and a wide variety of different things to do. The center will
have a number of _movie theatres, bars. and nightclubs each offering something to
students that isn't around right now. The boredom of the Rat, the Lampost and the Long
Branch will be assuaged by closer. more diverse forms of entertainment. Whereas the
nearest place to dance now is Fatso's or the Rafters, Crossgates will have several places to
d:rc.lwitli music ranging from disco to rock. All this to do and just minutes away from

sc oo .

 

So for those of us who are totally fed up with Albany, something great is just down theJ

 

 
 

devastating effect

ping malls. Businessmen insist

HOW EII‘OII WOI'IIS

* Potential For Corruption *

Environmental Commiaalon (Encon)
.l .4 I L I 

A their _ - 3mg: ,

queatlon all partica. The proca;dlnga are pruldod over by an impartial

* The hearing ofﬁcer weighs all tho evidence and malice a recommenda-

Hacke.

* Flack: haa ﬁnal pay over all permit-loaned.

a Flaclie ia a political appointee of Governor Carey. Flaclte'l predeceaaor
waa fired by Carey becauae he din-greed with Carey on the Weatway pro-
feet and other environmentally controveralal projects like the Pine Bulh.
“Whatever Flack: Iayl will be whattCarcy wants to hear."

   

r

 

Road (oppoate Stuyveaant Mall).
must draw customers from these already
deteriorating business areas.

Marty Finkel. tread of the Downtown
Albany Revitalization Program, said
Crossgates would “completely stop
downtown business growth.” He added
that the mall could close down other
shopping malls, leaving them completely
empty.

Pyramid Corporation. however, stress-
ed that Crossgates mall would only
"moderately affect other businesses."
They believe the mall would draw most of
its customers from area residents who
shop outside the region. According to
Lawrence Barss, economic consultant for
Pyramid Corporation. "Albany's retail
sector apparently failed to draw distant
customers into the district as effectively as
comparable capital cities in our analysis."
Barss believes the spending of money on
goods outside the Capital District has
meant a loss of about $150 million and
possibly as much as $373 million by retail
merchants in 1977.

Regardless of which calculation is best
Barss said that. “by extending the range
of quality and price options
available to Capital District shoppers,
Crossgates can help to correct the

businessmen fear the Crossgates shopp-
.lng cenfer will have a permanent and
on business in
downtown Albany and neighboring ShOP-/
that
in order for Crossgates to succeed. i

‘

 

'J

The propoaed alto ol the CG Mall la at the inter-action ol Weatem Av

m. . .t,1.v‘_ww;wwij  .,._

     

region's 'underproduction."

Pyramid Corporation also claims that

revenues ,generated by the Crossgates
mail will add over $4 million to the tax
base of Albany County, according to
Kenan. Also. Kenan said the Crossgates
mail will create 5,000 to 5,400 new jobs.
Half of these will be temporary jobs in»
volvlng the construction of the mall. And
the other half will be permanent jobs,
most of them which will be retail sales
work.

However. in an editorial the Schenec-
.tady Gazette claims that many of the con-
struction Jobs would not go to area
workers. “Pyramid mall companies have
a history of using their own companies hr»
inglng in materials fabricated elsewhere
and importing subcontractors for con
structlon jobs," claimed the editorial
Kenan strongly disagrees, denies all llll‘r.
and said that. “most of them would go to
area workers."

hree citizen groups, CfiilCt‘iiir’tl
(.itizens Against Crossgates. Sierra
Club. and the Fund for Animals, lttt .

are leading the fight against Crossgaie»
v r'm‘ »' - v 4 g ,

 

  

  

enu

 

They object to the mall because it will
create traffic congestion on main roads.
damage the environmentally SQilSilin‘
Pine Bush area. and overburden local
police and fire departments. According to
Rhonda Childs. President of Concerned
Citizens Against Crossgates. “the Pine
Bush is an ecologically unique en
vironmental area not repeated elsewhere
In the world. . . . Certainly the asphalt of
a 7000-car parking lot will destroy the
Pine Bush." Childs also points out that
the mall will bring more traffic to the area.
creating congestion on local Albaer
roads.

"One of the other reasons we oppow
the construction of the mall is because of
the heavy traffic it will bring to Western
AVenue, Route 20. the only artery of ill“
town of Guilderland," said Childs.

Pyramid plans to handle the increased
traffic the mail will bring by “substantially
improving Western Avenue" at a cost to
Pyramid of $7 million, said Kenani.

Other detrimental effects the
Crossgales mall may present. according
to Childs. are devaluation of property
taxes and an increased crime and tax rate
in the area. "The question of devaluated
Property taxes and the question of irr-

 

  

r
e and Fuller

 

‘ as My

creased crime are some of the basic
reasons Concerned Citizens oppose the
mall's construction," Childs added.

in an effort to prevent the construction
of Crossgates. opponents have rallied
strong community opposition. Their first
action attempted to prevent the
Guilderland town zoning board from
rezoning sections of the proposed
Crossgates land. This zone change.
which would reclassify the land as corn-
mercial property. is one requirement
Pyramid Corporation needs to begin con-
struction. Although citizens fought
against rezoning of the land. the
Guilderland town board approved the
change by a close vote.

To begin construction of the
Crossgates mall. Pyramid must also ob-
tain five permits from state and local oi-
ficials. The permits include permission to
use the wetlands. to divert streams. to
discharge pollution into streams. to con-
struct a dam, and to grade the land. The
New York State Department of Err-
vironmental Conservation must grant the
Pyramid Corporation these permits
before construction can begin. Childs.
however. claims that if these permits are
granted it will only prove to destroy the

r
r ,r .. .

       

environment. ‘

Pyramid is spending a tremendous
amount of money trying to get these
necessary state permits. They're spen-
ding $14,000 a day for the Environmen-
tal Commission (EnCon) hearings, The
Environmental impact statement alone
costs Pyramid $1 million and by the time
the hearings are over. Pyramid is ex»
pected to have spent over $5 million, ac-
cording to one Pyramid source.
Presently. state a nmental impact

 

    

  

hearings on the proposed Crossgates
mall are examining Pyramid's 2000-page
environmental impact statement.
Thehearings. conducted by the State
Department of Environmental Conserva-
tion. will determine the possible
economic and environmental effects of
the 150«store mall. These hearings con-
sist of cross-examination of Pyramid Cor-
poration consultants by experts from the
Department of Environmental Conversa-
tion and various citizens.‘ groups. They
will be questioned on subjects ranging
from the need for more stores in the
Albany area to the possible detrimental
effects of increased auto exhaust emis-
sions on people living in the area. En-
Con will use the information gathered at

the hearings to make their decision on
whether or not to approve the five per-
mits that Pyramid needs.

pponents of the Crossgates mall
0 have met with limited success thus
far in their battle to stop the mall's

construction. They feel that their only
chance now to stop Crossgates Is to prev

r

been building shopping malls.

citizens.

similar to those opposing Crossgates.

Vall

We Don’t Ileed
Ilo Halls Around Us

Pyramid Corporation. the people who want to build the Crossgates mall in Guilderland.
have run into plenty of “screaming housewives and shopkeepers" in the years that they've

The opposition Pyramid is encountering over the Guilderland site is nothing new.
Pyramid has built over 3] malls in several states Many in spite of the wishes of local

Pyramid has an uncanny ability to come up with the governmental permits they need to
build their malls. When Pyramid wanted to build ri mall in the Utica suburb of New Hait-
ford. they ran into bitter opposition by environmental groups and city officials. The mall
was opposed due to fear that lt-would destroy a delicate. environmentally important
wetland area and that It wouldfharm Uiica's struggling downtown businesses ~— fcars very

Pyramid applied to the Environmental Commission (EnCon) for permits to construct

  

91

.\
k.
\

 

     
        
         
       
        
 
             
             

An artlat'a conception ol the mall.

Sources claim that Flacke's predecessor.
Peter Berke, was fired because be strong-
ly disagreed with Carey on the WestWay
project in NYC and the future of the Pine
Bush area in Albany.

Concerned Citizens Against Crossgates
and Save the Pine Bush. lnc., feel that

N

the Utica mall and was first denied the permits because .EnCon contended the mall would
destroy the wetlands. A year later Pyramid gained [incon's approval for another mall
proposed on the same site.

According to Ralph Soda and Richard Benedetto of the Gannetl News Service. air En~
Com source familiar with the Utica mall said that the governor's office apparently convinc-
ed Utica city officials to drop their opposition to the Pyramid mail because the governors
office was "interested" in the mall's economic development implications.

in Burlington. Vermont. private citizens joined city officials in an 18-month fight against
an 82-store Pyramid mall. Pyramid was denied the necessary permits by the District Four
Environmental Commission. They cited the damage the mall would bring to the
downtown Burlington retail center. “Public opinion might have weighted pretty heavy in
the Commission’s decision," according to John Dillon of the Vermont Vanguard.

in Massachusetts. Governor Dukakis stopped l’yitllllhl'S plans to construct a massive
mall in suburban Lennox. by denylrrg Pyl'tiliiltl r‘rnb ruts to the state highway from the
mail. The people of Lennox felt that the mall was too big for the town and wauld present
water sewage arid traffic problems. according to Charles Borreriti of the Berkshire Eagle.

state's Planning Director, was reported as saying. "()rir position is that rural areas don't

Dukakls felt the mall would present growth problems for the area. Frank Keith. the

want to become suburbs. Suburbs don't want to become cities. And cities don't want to

 

vent the issuance of the state permits.
Pyramid's opponents feel that covert
political connections may Influence En»
Con's decision. These groups point that
out that Robert Flacke, State Department
of Conservation Commission, the person
ultimately decide whether
Crossgates will get their permits is a direct

who will

   

khecome wastelands. We'll not subsidize that process in any way," a

 

a»; r:

 

_J

Carey appointed Flacke because he
wanted a yes-man in the position and
that. as one source claimed. “whatever
Flacke says will be what Governor Carey
wants; to hear." Repeated attempts to
contact Flacke for comment proved
futile.

yramid contributed $33,000 to
Governor Carey's election canr
paigri. making Pyramid the second»
largest individual contributor. According
to the Utica Daily Press. Pyramid worked
around the state election law limiting cor-
porate donations to $5.000 a year by
making the contributions in the name of
the Crossgates Group, a [Liarir‘iership
rather than through the Pyramid
Crossgates Corporation. the parent firm.
Kenan . however, says that there was
never a corporation involved and that
Pyramid always operated through the
partnership.

Pyramid also donated $23,000 to the
gul‘reruatorlal election campaign of Perry
Duryea.

So Pyramid contributed to both

     

Carey's and Duryea's campaigns. even
though they were running against each
other for the same office.

Kenan strongly denied that Pyramid
was applying or could apply any in-
fluence to any state official to influence
EnCon's decision. Kenan was unable to
explain Pyramid gubernatorial campaign
contributions. He claimed that he wasn't
involved with the contributions and that
he knew nothing about them. Kenan
said. “We don't have any influence on
anyone . . . . We're really getting terrible
treatment from the state. They're bending
over backwards to be fair and in the pro-
cess they're using up all of our money."
Kenan emphasized that if Pyramid was
able to apply influence to EnCon, the
hearing wouldn't be continuing for so
long and at such a great expense. As pro-
of that Kenan believes the case will be
judged on its merits, he cited the
thorough and comprehensive job done
on the environmental impact statement.

There is also speculation among anti-
Crossgates groups that persons with
political influence may have bought land
in the Pine Bush area and stand to make
a large profit if the Crossgates mall is
built. One owner of the Crossgates land is
the Muscarelle Development Company
of New Jersey. This company holds title
to over 90 percent of the Crossgates
area. it is possible that they could stand to
profit from the building of the mall.

Keenan said that he knew of no in-
fluence being applied by anyone con-
nected with the Crossgates land.

Sources also believe that Albany
Mayor Erastus Corning might be applying
influence on Governor Carey in favor of
the mall. Several employees of the City
of Albany. who do not wish their names
used. claim that they were either fired or
pressured to quit their jobs by Corning
after they came out and publicly opposed
the Crossgates mall. Mayor Corning Is
the president of the Albany Associate ln—
surance Company. which would have a
chance to benefit considerably from
Crossgates’ construction if they were tc
handle Pyramid's insurance. Kenan
denied that Pyramid would use Albany
Associate lrrsurance Company and said
that they were plannlirg on using the
Young Insurance Agency in Syracuse for
the Crossgates project. Kenan also
claimed that he didn't even know Mayor
Corning was connected with Albany
Associate. Kenan denied Pyramid has
applied any influence on Mayor Coming
for Crossgates. Mayor Corning has taken
a neutral position concerning the issue.

The Crossgates question is currently
being decided in the EnCon hearings at
the Ramada Inn on Western .Avenue.
They are conducted daily and are open
to the public and are expected to run
throughout June. Only time will tell
which will prevail in Pine Bush —- the but-
terﬂy or the bulldozer. '.

 

 
 

