 

Would CApsujles

Deputies To See Hostages

(AP) An lranian parliamentary delegation entered the US.
Embassy in Tehran today and the speaker of Parliament
said that it was possible some deputies may talk to some of
the American hostages held captive there by lranian
militants for 522 days. “The deputies may talk to the
hostages if they feel it is necessary for getting more infor-
mation on the hostages." speaker Hashemi Rafsanjani told
a news conference before the ﬁrst group of thirty deputies
went to the embassy. Rafsanjani also said the lranian-lraql
war "will not be without effect on the fate of the
hostages." He did not elaborate. Border fighting between
the two countries has intensiﬁed over the past week. The
stated reason for the embassy visit. according to reports
from Tehran. was to allow the deputies. who are em-
powered to decide the fate of the hostages. to see
"espionage eqttipment and related documents" at tlte U.S.
compound.

Iraq Raids Tehran Airport

(AP) lraqi MiGs raided Tchran's interttational airport and
at least a half-dozen other lranian installations Monday
and iraq’s state radio said three weeks of air. ground and
sea hostilities had “escalated into a full-scale war." in
Ankara. Turkey. a spokesman for the Iraqi Embassy told
The Associated Press lraq has declared war on lran.
Baghdad said its warplanes hit nine airstrips in the midday
strikes and lost two of its Soviet-made MiG jets. A top lra-
nian military official said "several" air bases were raided,
atrd an lranian revolutionary guard commander claimed six
MiGs attacked seven air installations. Reports of the air-
port bombingscame one day after lraq and iron each
claimed heavy damage to the other irt a naval and artillery
battle at the head of the Persian Gulf. it was the heaviest
lighting so far in the border cortflict bctwecrt the two oil
giants. Iran and lraq have been sparring alortg their borders
for months. but the fighting escalated last week after lraq
cancelled a I975 treaty.

Iraq and Iran Still at War

(AP) lraq and iron each claimed hcrrvy damage to the other
iii a naval 'and artillery battle at the ltcad of the Persian
Gulf. it was the heaviest fighting so far in the border war
between the two oil giants. Baghdad Radio said lraqi forces
destroyed cigltt lranian guuboats Sunday iii the Shell al-
Arab estuary and the lrattiart naval base at Khosrowabrtd.
twurtty miles south of the Abrrdttn oil refinery. it admitted
the loss of one lraqi patrol borrt. ‘l'hc lrrrqi news agency said
lraqi forces attacked after lranian gunboats opertcd fire on
a britislt cargo ship sailing toward the lraqi port of Basrrtlt.
The agency said the bridge of the British ship was ltit. but
that the vessel continued its journey and the lranian gritt-
bonts were repulsed. The agency said ltaqi gunbottts also
drove off lranian gurtbotrts thrrt approached a Kuwaiti ship
and a Singapore sltip sailing iii the waterway. Mcauwlrilc,
Tehran Radio said lranian forces sank an lrarri vessel and
drove four others aground dtrrirtg the fighting. it said [run
lost a police boat and a rrurubcr of crcwrtrert were injured
and that artillery, tartks. missiles and otth “heavy
machinery" took part irt the brittle.

Force Leaves Missile Site

Damascus. Ark. (AP) A military convoy of eight military
Vehicles led by a security van left a limo ll missile site to-
day. apparently transporting rt unclear warhead inside a
canister labeled "Do Not Drop." The Air Force continued
to maintain tight security over tltc operation. refusing lo
conﬁrm the widely held belief that a warhead was blown
hundreds of feet into the air front the silo itt tr fuel explo-
siort last Friday.

Soviet Soldier Back in USSR

Washington. D.C. (AP) The Soviet soldier who was at the
center of a superpower standoff in Afghanistan is back irt
Russian hands after it week’s stay rtt the U.S. [Embassy irt
Kabul. The U.S. State Department said Pvt. Aleksandr
Kruglov. one of some 85,000 Russian soldiers who have oc-
cupied Afghanistan since December, left the embassy
voluntarily Sunday after being assured by Soviet officials
dtrrlng an hour-long meeting there would be no reprisals
against him.

Muskie Appeals To Iran

United Nations (AP) Appealing for release of the American
hostages. Secretary of State Edmund S. Muskie offered to-
day to settle all of lratt's grievances with the United States
“on a basis of mutual respect and equality." Mtrskie called
on the UN. General Assetnbly to support their prompt
release and to adopt effective measures to protect '
diplomats everywhere from terrorisnt. He said the United

 

\

States would drop its sanctions against lran and “do our
part in resolving fairly the issues between us" once the
ﬁfty-two Americans, held captive now for 324 days. are
sent home. At the same time. there was no yielding by the
secretary of state to lranian leaders' demands for 'an
apology by the United States for its policies in Iran during
the reign of the late Shah Mohamed Reza Pahlavl. Muskie
said he hoped the lranian government was moving closer to
a decision to free the hostages with the parliament‘s deci-
sion to name a commission to deal with the hostage ques-
tion.

Libya Plans Against Israel

(AP) Libya today was reported planning to station troops
and warplanes in Syria as part of their strategy against
lsracl. The PLO was said to be ready to abandon its cam-
paign to exterminate the Jewish state but under conditions
certain to be rejected by lsrael. Al Bayrak. a conservative
newspaper published in Beirut. Lebanon. quoted Arab
diplomatic sources as saying Libya was planning the troop
and warplanc transfer within two weeks. it said the ar-
rangement was worked out by Syrian and Libyan army of-
ficers as part of the proclaimed merger of the two coun-
tries. No ofﬁcial comment was available from the Syrain
capital and the report could rtot be independently verified.

Radioactive Highway Spill

New Lebanon. N.Y. (AP) A cargo of paint and radioactive

material spilled on US. Route 20 in this eastern New York
town this morning when a truck crashed into a bridge abut-
ment artd overturned. state police said. Troopers said two
crates of radioactive material the tractor trailer was hauling
were undamaged and there was no leakage of radiation.
The crates. containing radioactive iridium l92. ltad been
“secured” and were bei tg loaded onto another truck,
troopers said. The Consolidated Freightways truck driven
by Ricard Common of Lancaster, N..Y.. was eastbound on
Route 20 about 10 miles from the Massachusetts border
about 3 am. when it failed to make a curve. hit an abut-
ment and was catapulted into a dry brook. police said.

r Beyond the Podium

 

K pholll: sum Mun-J

Anderson-Reagan Debate

Baltimore (AP) Here are the highlights of the debate bet-
ween Ronald Reagan and John Anderson.

Energy
REAGAN: “I think it is the goverment. and the goverment
with its own restrictions and regulations. that is creating the
energy crisis.”
ANDERSON: “Mr. Reagan . . . once again has
demonstrated a total misunderstanding of the energy crisis
that confronts not only this country but the world . . . "

Tax Cuts

REAGAN: “inflation today is caused by govermcnt simply

spending more than govcrment takes in . . . i don’t see

where it is inflationary for people to keep more of their car-

nings and spend it." |
ANDERSON: “l oppose an election year tax cut, whether
it is tltc l0 percent across-the~board tax cut promised to the
taxpayers by Reagan or whether it is the $27.5 billion tax
cut promised . . . by President Carter.

Abortion
ANDERSON: “Governor Reagan is rurtnittg on a platform
that calls for a constitutional amendment banning abor-
tion. i think that is a moral issue that ought to be left to the
freedom of conscience of the individual.“
REAGAN: “With regard to the freedom of the individual
for choice with regard to abortion. thcrs's one individual
who‘s not being considered at all. That’s the one who's be»
ing aborted. Arid We noticed that everybody that is for
abortion ltas already been born."

MX Missile

ANDERSON: "i do not support boottdogglc like the MX
Mis 'e. l'vejust gotten a report from the Air Force that irr—
dicates the 30 year life cycle cost of that system is going to
be $100 billion."

REAGAN: “We ttccd the missile because we are so ortt of
balance strategically that we lack a detterrertt to a possible
first assault."

The Absent Candidate

Anderson: “Governor Reagan is not rcsportsiblc what lies
ltappetrcd over the past four years. nor ant l. The mart who
should be here tonight to respond to charges chose not to
attend."

REAGAN: “We have criticized the failures of the Carter
policy lterc rather cottsitlerably and there might be sotttc
feeling of unfairness about this because lie was not here to
respond. Brit i believe it would have been rtrrrch ntore unfair
to have Joltrt Anderson denied the right to participate irt
this debate.“

 

Remember to

register to
vote

 

 

 

 

CAMpus Bniefs

 

Duo to Perform at PA C

The University's Mtrsic ('ouncil will present litrttilihrium.
a dance and percussion dtro. next Monthly at 2:30 irt the
PAC Recital Hall.

Dttricerchoreographer Nancy Udow and percussionist-
contposcr' Michael Udow will present it program of their
own works as well as performances written especially for
them by others. The couple combine traditional methods of
percussion and dance willt expcrictncntal turd complex
rhythmic structures. and have performed in Paris. Amstct»
darn. lingltrttd and the U.S.

Tickets are available for $3. or $2.50 with a tax card. at
tltc PAC box office. For further information. call
457-8606.

Boss ’ Birth day

Bruce Springsteen. rr popular singer-songwriter frottr
northern New Jersey. celebrates his birthday today. Mr
Springsteen is El. .

Well-known for it boisterous stage act and hard-driving
rock and roll music. The Asbury Park native has authored
many hit songs. including "Born to Run." “llrrdlrtnds "
“'l'ltunder Road." rrrul “Blinded By Tire Light." I.

 

Cash. checks and money orders rrtrty be sent to the nursi-
clart tit care of tire ASP. Milt) Washington Aventre. Albany.

a
New Rape Issue Distributed

A new rape supplement is being distributed around cunt
pus.

The strpplctttcrtt is it revised issrrc of tire Dcccrtrbcr
publtcntlou prtt out by the Prcs‘rtlcnt's Task liorcc on
Women's Srticty. ()ver 3.700 copies of tire new suppictttcrrl
nrc betttg delivered to residence halls and other common
areas.

.lcrut llttrtigrut. cltnir of tire Task Force. hopes that thc
new sttpplcrrrcrrt "will provitlc women with useful irrl'or run‘
tron tn dealing with scxruti ttttrtcks and other types of
assaults."

Students Register To Vote

Worst new political joke: lf Reagan. Anderson :Itltl
Carter ovcrtttrncd in rt rowhortt. who should you 51m"!
Answer: Attrericrt and let them till go.

Worst old political joke; lirtscd on past voter turnouts for
presidential elections. "none of the above" would have
been the overwhelmingly popular choice. The New York
Times reports that irt elections of tire prtst half-century. the
majority of the country's eligible voters ltttve stayed away
from the polls.

if yotr still haven’t registered to vote. NYI‘IRG. tltc Stit-
derrt Union and SA ltrtvc made it easy. SA arid the Union
will rtow ltuvc representatives lit the dorms rtrtd on tltc dirt—
tter litres for on-cantptts students to register. NYPlRG Will
also ltuve a desk set up itt the Campus (ferttcr for wait-“1“
ttort. ntrd their office at (‘C 346 will remain open Wht'll lllt‘
cottrtter closes. Applications for absentee ballots can also
be picked up until a week before the clectiort.

 

 

 

September 23, 1980

 

Albany Student Press

Eight Emergency Phones Installed on Campus.

 

“Blue Light” System to Increase Women’s Safety

 

by Judie l‘llsenberg

Eight emergency telephones htt\c
been installed on the uptown cartr-
ptts to report emergency criminal
and medical situations. Department
of Public Safety Assistant Director
Joltn Herrighuu. announced this
week. ’

The Blue Light lirrtcrgcncy
Pitorrc System. so trained because of
the flashing bittc light perched atop
the tclcphotrc‘s 15-foot pole. will
also give tr psychological feeling of
safety. l‘lL'lllgllllll slutctl.

Tire phones are direct lines to tire
ort—ctrmpus Dcpurturent of Public
Safety. and are nurtured by a police
dispatcher around the clock. When
the phone is picked up. it rings on
the dispatcher's desk. and alight irr-
dicatcs tlte location of the pltorrc
call. The dispatcher can then im-
mediately send a patrol car to the
scene.

“We cart get a car to the scene in
two or three minutes. maximum,"
Henighttn reported. He said that it
usually takes 10-12 minutes for a

 

L .

Int’l Studies Director Works

by Susan Milligun

How trrrrclr would yort expect to
be paid to work fttll tittrc for the
academic anti cultural education of
American turd foreign exchange
students?

How about a dollar a year"!

ercrt SUNY btrdgct cuts mart-
datcd tltc clirtritratiort of the posi-

g; news FEATUR€

____..._..——-——————
riort of International Studies Direc—
tor (‘lutrlcs Colman offcrrcd to
continue working free of charge.
“The decision (to crtt the posi—
tion) was reached irt tltc Spring."
('olmrrrt explained. "The Universi-
ty ('ormcil on Intcrruttiorutl Studies
protested. bttt there was no way it
cotrld be changed. it worried its that
lltctc would be Ito titttc for
thorough consideration of wltrtt
would become of tire progrztrrt. The
most reasonable solution was to let
rrrc continue for one year on it
voluntary basis."
Colman. who modestly claims
what ltc is doing is “nothing ex-
traordinary". retired lll .lune. Con.
certred about the futtrrc of the
department. ltc requested ttrtd

victim to call iii an incident. Since
the emergency phorrcs provide a
direct line to the police. he tropes
this will increase chances for up-
prehcnsion of crittrinals.

The pltonc system isn‘t fully
operative at present due to technical
problems. Herrighrrn said. Tire dials
on the pltortcs are going to be
rcruovcd. he added, because they
are misleading. He explained that it
isn‘t necessary to dial on the
phones. in additiort. the flashing
bltrc lights atop the poles have rtot
been turned on. Tire New York
Telcpltorre Company is lit the pro-
cess of fixing these defects.
licnighzm expects the system to be
frilly functional by September 30th.

The Blue Ligltl Emergency
Pltotre System is the joint project of
the President's Task Force on
Women's Safety. tltc Department
of Public Safety, and the Physical
Plant.

Jolttt chighan called tlte
organization and installation of this
system “the fastest thing i ever saw

happen on campus."

Tire idea began within the
Women's Task Force in February
l980. Public Safety Director Jim
Williams knew of a similar
emergency phone system installed
at Cornell. so Task Force member
Janice Fine visited the ttrtiversity to
research rite project. Tire idea was
endorsed by the Task Force and an
Action Corrrrtrittcc was created to
work on building a similar phone
system ltcrc at SUNYA.

According to Bob Stiercr. Assis-
tant Vice President of Finance and
Business. President ()‘Leary
allocated $l0.5()() to Jim Williams
of Public Safety itr April 1980 for
the installation of this phortc
system.

The phones were installed by the
New York Telephone Company irr
tltc past month and tr lurlf and was
corttplctcd tltrcc weeks ago. Joint
liettighun said.

Location for the phones were
choscrt on the basis of amount of
light and isolation. Hcttighun

(From Old Federal Building

to New SUN Y

received approval from SUNY Ccn»
trttl Administration to corttittrrc
working urtder SUNY's “dollar a
year" program.

“i don‘t cvctt gel the dollar.“ he
quips. “lirtl l- do get expenses mtd
retirement benefits."

Column said he spends most of
his more working on SUNY's Soviet
exchange. the only undergraduate
program of its kind iii the US. As
Director. ('olmtttr secs to it llllll the
Soviet students are enrolled itt
courses and travels with the
students to other parts of tire “.3.
Column gives the students a tour of
tire Capital District. and accom-
panies them to cities such as
Boston. Washington l).(‘.. and
New York. wlterc the students do
research tltttl sight~scc itt llte city.

“Many of the Soviet students are
preparing for high-level work in
embassies or the United Nations."
Column said. “it's irrrporttutl that
they are i‘nttrilirtr with contcrttporary
American institutions. it‘s also
necessary that they travel to other
cttrttpuscs to do their research. as
many of them are working on their
‘crtudidttt' —— something like otrr
Ph.l)."

Colmrm

also coordinates ex-

.j .V ’ Headquarters

,“ur ' bit

. a ..
Mk. ‘ r. at

4L:

Free to Save Department

changes to other SUNY campuses.
and interviews and advises all
students accepted ittto the exchange
programs.

According to Column. thc lsrtrcl
progrrrrtt is one of SUNY‘s most
popular cxchrtrrgcs. Although tui»
tiort at the lsraeli Universities is
higher than SUNY tuition. the
lsrrreli schools lrrrvc offered to
reduce trritiorr for SUNY students
to SUNY's own rate. Unfortunate-
ly. tltc international Studies
Department is only able to send
about l5 students to lsr‘acl cttrrcnt~
ly. as opposed to pic-budget culs
programs that allowed for about 32
students.

“Although tltc luiliort is equal
(for SUNY and tire Israeli schools).
we still can't send as rturrty students
trs we would like." (.‘ohtum said.
“The SUNY sttrdertts‘ tuition goes
into it kind of general fund that
pays for many academic costs of tire
University, btrt our budget was ctrt.
However. we hope cvcrrtttttlly to be
able to increase the rtttrttber of
students in the program through
long-term planning. This another
reason why i wanted to corttirrttc
working." ’

Colman also helps; facilitate

reported. No phones were installed»
on the downtown campus. he said.
because "distances are greated on
the Uptown campus. They were our
first priority."

Sliercr explained that Jim
Williams made regular reports to
the Women's Task Force early this
year. indicating a nrrmbcr ofattacks
on women. “There were reports of
men exposing themselves. and mak-
ing obscene gestures." Sliercr said.
lrtcidcrrts like these justified the ex-
ploration of an emcrgctrcy phone
system on this campus, Sliercr also
said.

The Department of Public Safety
declined to say whether tltcrc had
been an incrcasc ofsuch incidents it)
this past year.

“The purpose of these phones is
to provide support and communica-
tions for worrrcrt being molested or
attacked on campus" Sliercr ex-
pllllnL‘tl.

John llcrtightrn feels that prank
pltorrc calls may be a problem,
especially in the areas along

by Ken (lordon

The final phase in the renovation of the Old Federal Building on
Broadway into the administrative headquarters of SUNY Central is
almost completed. according to SUNY Communications Officer

Harry Charlton.

The Old Federal Building. like the recerttly restored Delaware and
Hudson (D&H) Building and the Journal Building. is otrc segment of
the State University Plaza. in fact. a glass bridge ltas been constructed
to join the l)&H. the old railroad ofﬁces. with the Old Federal
Building. which once housed the US. Post Office and Customs

House.

The building was acquired free of charge as federal surplus property
and its $4.5 milliort cost is being futtded entirely by the federal JOBS

program.

About I70 SUNY employees will be working out of the Old Federal
Building. The three central SUNY administration operations — the
Application Processing Center. the Computer Center and the Student
Loan Service Center — will be located in that building. These three
centers serve many of tire colleges itt the M-catttptts SUNY system.

Upon completion ofthe renovation project additional offices will be
moved into the Old Federal Building. and the exterior walkways and
park grounds will be improved. Also. the building’s main entrance will
be changed frortt Broadway to the University Park Plaza and South

Mall area.

The Old Federal Building is noted for its late English Renaissance
architecture. Mansrtrd roof, ornamental balconies over entrances.
deep sct wittdow openings and projectirtg corniccs. J

faculty exchanges. l~ic trotcd.
however. that although he works on
setting up opportunities for such cx-
changes. thc individual departments
make the final decisions. '

One of (‘olman's major goals in
his voluntary year as Chair is to in-
crease attention to the International
Studies Department. The

a ‘3"

t...

photo: Will Yunnan

the circle.
may

Wcsterrt Avertuc artd
where intoxicated people

“horse around".
“'l‘autperhtg with these phones
will be dealt with in the same man-
rtcr attd severity as tampering with
fire safety equipment." chighan
said. “This will be handled through
both the security and administrative
processes. with the guilty party be-
caminued on page five

 

l-lumunitics school offers courses in
comparative cultures. and Colman
would like to see the current cur-
riculum extended to a second field

in international Studies.
“The University could offer
courses ranging front comparative
'culturcs to global problems.
. t‘ttlililttlt‘l/ rm [rage/ire

v.

International Studies Director-Charles Colman

Doesn't want any “hasty decisions" to be made.

photo: Sun Strluhnp

 

