 

 

't

... _. - .a.”

 

 

  
 

Page Ten

news, as 951‘. llke‘lt‘ 

The trade paper Variety is predict
ting that the impending retirement
of Walter Cronkite may “signal the
beginning of the end of the era of
mass news."

Variety says that recent innova-
tions such as Cable TV. the home
video recorder and the personal
computer will change the-way tltc
public receives news.

For example, with the coating of
the - Home Information Center,
Variety says news may be delivered
in a “datastream.” in which a per-
son may accept or reject the news
which interests him or her.

Variety quotes NBC TV's
Richard Salant as calling this kind
of news “News a la Carte."

h

Anti—draft activists who are plan
ning to protest the Selective Service
SyStem's second go-around with
military registration —- which is
scheduled to begin on January 5th
— may encounter increased harass-
ment and surveillance by law en-
forcement officials.

The Washington-based
“Campaign for Political Rights"
says that over the past few months
since the ﬁrst registration took
place in July. opponents to draft
registration in various parts of the
U.S. have reported abusive and
sometimes illegal harassment by
government ofﬁcials.

The organization says harass-
ment. including photographing and
videotaping of draft protesters:
police inﬁltration of organilational
meetings of draft opponents; wire-
tapping of activists“ phones; and
@ailed investigations into

st‘LE

 

    
    
    
    
  
   

  
  

 

GENE
WILDER

   

Jll.l.
('l.\\Bl Rfill
\lK‘ll \H.
l)()l(il.\§

  

 
 

RV Slllt

 

xcrting Theatres Under One Roof
A NEW DIMENSION lN CINEMA LUXURV

MATINEES DAILY! ; E SHOWS FRI. 3. SAT!

THE MOTION PICTURE

 

"‘ PRYOR
v

. IHru-{y
"‘ .v ’XWE 

r0 "0 ’ -
tortlé

‘1 AM WA\ A\lMAl'
1AM A Hl'VlK\ “El‘rﬁ'
AM A .\lA\"

“CINE1-2-3

NORVNWAV M

 

Salant goes on to say. according
to Variety. that such selective access
to the news may turn us into a
“nation of tribes who may know
more and more about less and
less."

' hazardous herbs

Pat Kendall. Food Science and
Nutrition Specialist with the Col-
orado State University Cooperative
Extension Service, says that many
herbal teas have medicinal proper-
ties that make them potentially
dangerous.

dratt resisters keep on resistin’

 

dcmonstrators‘ backgrounds. has
occurred in such places as
Massachusetts. New Hampshire.
Vermont. Washington. D.C..
Texas. and North Carolina — to
mention a few well-documented
areas.

Campaign spokesperson Susan

       
  
 
   
      
 
  
   
   

. RICHARD

     
 
 

 
 

  
 

At' , A
:ﬂ'égféﬁ

 

    

MG

_ Alb

For example. Kendall says. tea
made from the peeled bark of the
sassafras root contains safrole,
which inhibits the action of certain
liver enzymes and is suspected of in-
creasing the risk of cancer; scnna.
often used in herbal tea blends. is a
strong laxative; and chamomile tea.
often used to aid digestion. has
reportedly caused people with
ragweed allergies to go into shock.

Kendall recommends checking
with a doctor about foods. because
certain teas may also interact with
medication. Kendall adds that
"Moderation is the key to safe in-
take lcvels (of herbal teas.)"

Benda says ofﬁcials in some areas
have claimed the picture-taking was
simply a precautionary measure us-
cd "in case trouble developed."
However. she says cvidcncc col-
lcctcd for the organization".
publication. Organizing .Volt’r. in-
dicalcs the surveillance may be an
attempt to maintain files on
political activities of draft pro-
testers.

The campaign concludes that
government surveillance of op-
ponents to draft registration is pos-
ing a threat to the Civil Liberties
attd First Amendment Rights of
U.S. citizens who don‘t agree with
registration.

Organizing Notes quotes Jon
Meyer. Executive Director of the
New Hampshire Civil Liberties
Union. as calling the harassment
“an attempt to intimidate the excr-

 

 

 

 

cisc of First Amendment Rights."

Bill Wade. the gay Florida State
University student who ran for FSU
Homecoming Princess and won.
has received repeated. threats
against his life.

Wade. who billed himself as
“The Queen With A Difference.”
says he ran for Homecoming
Princess to make a point about sex.
ism and superficialin involved in
FSU Homecoming elections.

However. the Tallahassee cam-
pus has reacted violently to Wade
since he was jokingly voted
"Princess" last month. People have
spat on him. broken into his room
and urinated on his clothes. and
started a fire outside his room.
Wade also found the words "Fag

ly tried to run over him with a car
that he rcali/cd these incidents were
more than student pranks.

 

Wade says he thinks the hostilin ccss."

heart to heart

The publication says that men
fared better than women in thel
study. with their blood pressure ris-
ing 48 percent above normal when‘
they were in the throes of love.
while in women the rise was 57 per~
cent.

Science News cautions that this
rise in blood pressure can actually
lead to heart attacks during inter-
course for some people. especially
those who are having cvtra-marital

 

 

fa:- que Info Call

Hernia 157.com
Scott best-2050

WEST

MOUNTAIN

FIVE WEEK
START 1'53. 2

From
S 2550

 

 

it
rt?“ 1“
statﬁw‘ﬁut l“ SELL

 

DEC.

FOLLETT SUNY
BOOKSTORE

15-24

 

 

 

 

Death" carved into his door. but Homecoming
says it wasn’t until someone actual-I pecth fairly civil l‘cllrtht.‘ \m.

 

toward him is an C\Plt.“nltttt of
homophobia. although ltt‘ out h.-
didn't make his homoscvurtlity grn
issue in the election. Hotttophrtttw ..
the fear of homosexuals or tltc tern
of being perceived as one.

Wade says he cxpcctcd \ttlllt‘ up.
position to his ltttllitlrt' lot
Princcss. l‘lt'. t-v.

Wade. "Instead of that, ~.\l;.rz I...“
was a bunch of halltilllrtlh
phasizing my poirtt more Ilt'

 

 

    

q)

Q <7

A heart tltrob cart. Ill ~ttl::. .mw.
be fatal.

Science News reports llrrtl :
chers from Middlcscv.
have found that tltc hloo.‘
in people suffering from . -
sion may rise as much .t~ ill ;'.'.t.'ll
when they are engaging In U. «ml Ill-
tercoursc.

sports abuse

Doctor Richard llnll. ill; 1) -..rrt:
of .Hedit‘a/ War/(l Notvv. r~ «, '.
that young athletes are r. L:
jected to a socially uppin-
of child abuse.

Ball says that one cv.ttt.t-._ t' 'hw
is showing up inctcrtstttglu .r . mlh‘
swimmers. who in .r llL'. 'lll
pctitivc atmosphere. .lit’  :
a “tendiniti of the \llv'l. ‘ “1r
may require surgery. lh. _ .v 't:
mcrs dtrring a thltti.tl  t rtr
season may rotritc [but
some |.S million lllllt“, ..
freestyle or butlcttlv ~r:. u,
said. Many can't he llL'll‘.l 
with surgery. he warns

Ball claims that (‘lllt'l . t
suffer frotn multtt.:"
dehydration because or 1:.
during training.

The doctor chums rtnw
don‘t realize that then .ht..:‘ ‘ ~.‘
permanently injure then
they train too much. .
don‘t realize hovv h.vr.‘r .14
sports coach can ottctt ht-

—-——-"

 

 

   

 

vl

 

 

 

“Cruising ”

t‘unltnut'tl from Hon:

 

dctct any violence or \.t§35‘  H

ASC :\tl\t‘lll\llly ll‘m ' “l”
Braddock tonrplutng-d er.‘
to tcplucc .t gtcut tlml .
advertising the movrc "\
tipped oil tltc ltotlorrt lid
of the WHICH,“

tutti

 

Mv‘l’urtlm tlL'lllL'vl llt..'.  - rtr~
t‘JUlIt‘ had anything to .E t “t ‘thk‘
ls'ltt‘ttcd vlcfrttmg or .lt-t‘r Hull-
"\\'c'tc going to bt' pv.t.;:..l .tltvttll

.v.tttl |0

this vvholc thing. \\L' ttr-t

make ttv.l disapproval knva "

 
 
 
 

 

 

ﬁr «auger-:2-

 

The Real World

To the Editor:

Maddcning images flush the term
“racist” at us. as if it were a part of a neon
sign. Albany. much to our collective and in-
dividual surprise. is affected by the "real
world." And upon occasion (far too many)
personal uttitudcs slip through and expose
themselves before the public. leaving us
with tltc impression that life itself has
spoken its message for all time.

l question tltc nccd to ignore what sortie
must live with each day. And 1 question tltc
case with which some clothe themselves
with lllL‘ cause of virtue. Sure. life slinky
and racism is one of the things that Ina/re
this lt't)rlll.\'ll('/l tl "fun"plrtt‘t'. Sure, things
t‘UlI/(l and Inns! improve ﬁts/er Ihttn Iuort
whiter or blocks for Ihul Illtlllt‘r may be
prepared to (100/ with. But where or tvhul
(lo we guilt by placing lube/v. when [hose
lube/s It’lll‘l' in with Ihv .i‘tllllt.‘ vile (Itivurrlers
of I/lt‘ Inintl. .v/tiril tlllt/ soul us Illt’
"rednecks ' '."

Would we hc wrong il’ we finally admit-
tcd to ourselves that in spite of ottr drcttms
wt: huvc l'ttllcn short of ottr goals. 'l‘httl l'cur.
hate and insecurity ttovv play at more impor-
tant role itt our lives than we willing to
recognize. These are tltc ttt'ctts we should ex-
ttmit‘c. Unless. tlntl is. we have given up all
hope and tire t‘cttdy to give in to our l' 'ittl
disc-uses. No. i will trot say that till is roscy
and crtlm itt tltc gttt'dcn. But. I will no! my
l'ff/lt‘l' Ilutt l'tlt't‘ L'll/l he “SUI/1151!!! «reuse. I!)
hide nurft’u/iv‘ uhoul t'ttt'lt other.

Atc wc concerned with what we protcsl
so loudly about itt this or any other public
forum'.’ For wltcrc can this high rcgttr'd or
sensitivity be found? Certainly we will not
be naive enough to usscrl some ohsctlt'c
tnytlt rtbottt gctling ulottg or curing one way
or another. If our day to day livcs bear any
relationship to what we are really concct‘ncd
about. we would be hard pt‘c l to cvcn
makc tt dcccttt case for intro-racial. let alone
intcr-rttcittl human conduct. No. my
friends. life at SUNYA cannot now hc
reduced to such simple it sum its weird
ltutrcd. True. it docs exist: trttc. it docs both
silently and pttblicly potson out livcs cttch
day whethc. vvc noticc or not. lint, perhaps
cvctt more true is that c\cn if by somc small
mit'uclc racism were to disappear. many of
tltc sttrnc problems that plugttc its todtty
would still bc with its. "’0 tlnn 'I change. lt't‘

 

 

r.

 

 

juxl lHUl'L' the furniture (II‘UlIIltI the run/u.

No rcul reason to tnovc to tltc front lines
ttnd dcl‘cnd your spccittl (t'ttcittl) inlcrcsl. tltc
war is being fougltl every day.

l‘vc seen the force that can be unleashed
by “concerned” persons so busy fighting.
tltcir just cause. while tltc cotrtmunity rips
itself ttpttrt iii a no-win situation. The cost
of it ism cannot be nth/ml It! by our ('tl.\'lltl/
I‘t'NltIl‘kS about u .i’llll/t‘t'l llltllft‘lt' of us I‘t'tll-
ly know any/hing ulmul. Perhaps it iv our
ignurunt't' Ihut .vhnu/(I Itt' Upt'llt‘t/ In Illt‘
pultlit' l'_l't’.

 

— lluherl-Kt'nnctlt lllckt-y

Dream Lives On

To the Editor:

In response to your editorial on Tuesday
— why must .lohn Lennon‘s dcttlh bc turn-
ed into it tnoncy making gimmick by tltc
mass media? Why must his death sytttbolitc
tltc cud of hoping. the end of believing?
The cotnmcrciulilution of [Elvis Presley's
death was allowed to happen because his
plastic fans allowed it. i cnnou’s funs urctt't
plastic. thcy'rc rcttl pcoplc vvho are con—
cerned with what is happening to our uiling
society.

We don‘t have to kill .loltn Lcnnon with
upttthy. We can kccp him alive by fccding.
his drcttm. We can. if wc try hm't- enough
and fight hard enough. ltult lllt.‘ dctcritrrtt~
tion process of ottr society. Cynicism breeds
apathy. and ttpttthy is what ptcvcms us
front fighting back against those \'.ltti would
see tltc drcttm dcstroycd forcvcr.

.loltn Lennon's dcttth should only be u
strongn‘ r .tson to bring. on. not :1 reason to
give up. It should remind us that we must
fight cven hurdcr against people like Jerry

 

 

r.

l

e ' ~w-w wt ~w— w v «.4— mm— »..a...” .w. W .. -..._........- .-. a“; ‘sc- .; ,a are... u A _-_.

viewpoi nt \

 

Falwell and Ronald Reagan who would see
us consumed by archaic morals and cor-
porate regimes.
0r course it's hard. Of course it‘s an
uphill battle. It's true wc may never in our
lifetime sec tltc dream realized. but we can
make a start. While we ntourn otrr loss. we
mttst turn our auger and sorrow into will
and resistance. attd use it to keep the dream
alive. Wcmust never give tip — John Len-
non didn't.
— Madelyn E. Kelstcln

Dream Won’t Die

To the Editor:

What the hell is going on'! Somehow that
question means even tnorc now. One of tltc
greatest artists of our times has been
poirttlcssly murdct'cd. dyittg a death unwor-
thy of ti criminal. nonetheless a hero. All he
was saying was “(iivc l’crtcc A Chance.”
They never gave it to him.

He had tltc power to “Imagine” better
times. The dr-am shall never die. He was
just "Starting Over" in sonic of tltc most
turbulent times we have seen iii a long titnc.
He shall bc missed. Now is not u titnc.
however. to idly mourn. Now is tt time to
act in his memory. to make his dreams
come true.

We thank you. John Lennon. for all tltc
hope and inspiration yoti gave us. Your
ideas live on. "You may .vtty I'm a tll'lllllL‘t‘.
bttt l‘m ttot tltc only ortc. i hope somcdtty
you'll join us. and the world will live as

 

— llrttct- Levy

More Music Needed

To tltc Itltlltor:

I'm writing this letter to comment and
add my opinion on tltc cdilotiul of .lttllll
Lctmon which uppcurcd itt tltc December 9
ASP.

First of all, l think it was vcty wcll writ-
ten itt expressing our thoughts uttd cottch us
of John and tltc \vot‘ld rtround us. i know
we are all dccply sorrowcd by his trugic
dcttth.

I always wondcrctl what it would be like
wltctt onc of tltc lictttlcs died. of coutsc. l
did ttol think it would be this soon. If it had
been I’ttul i think the effects would have
bccn ncttrly tltc sumo bttt not iii the cvttcl
muttltcr. Paul had been very successful
tltroughoul tltc seventics and had written
mtmy picccs of music. John. liovvcvcr. ltttd
only lasted hallway and iii his own vvordv
“retire.”

Now itt ninctccn-cighly, ltc cutnc buck
and recorded an album. An album which
itt nty opinion. showed .lolttt at almost his
vcry best. He had always shared his joy.
sorrow and pain with us attd this album was
no exception. His music had become pct-
sonul to those of us who Iovcd him. ttttd
sometimes I catch mysclf cryittg tit tltc
thought of his death.

Thc point that l would like to bring up is
that l tigrcc with the editorial on tltc unti-
cxploitation itlcu. ilowcver. l also feel that
there is something we need.

John had come ottt with some of tltc bcsl
music he had \\'t‘lllt.‘|l to date. and like most
recording sessions. tltcrc urc songs never
released. it is these recordings that l think
we need to hcar. John Lennon's cttt'ccr catt-
not end with seven songs.

llc was ti rarity in tltc world today. llc
was u musical gcnitts rind it will bc sometimc
bcforc wc vcc unothcr like him. it is this
reason that l think this music should be
released. it should ht: shared with all of us
who loved him and will never forch him.
Hopefully. it will not have tltc "$9.99"
pricc tug on it. Unfortunately. somconc vvill
make the money.

i fch tltrtl the price will never be high
enough to be able to Itctu‘ and be a part of
one of music's most trcttsurctl souls. If it
was not for hint rind his partners. rock
music would not be what it is totltty.

Neil Young was rigltt. Willi pcoplc likc
.Iohn l.cnnotl. lock and roll would never
die. As for yott. John. “tltc
Dreutnvvcuvcr.” neither will you.

—— Robert Blake

 

 

Catch the .Word

To the Editor:

1 am writing to protest the upcoming
showing of. Cruising by the Albany State
Cinema.

This film inaccurately depicts male
homosexuality. It intplics that mttrdcr and
violence can always be associated with
homosexuality. This is a misrepresentation
of gay life. and it has helped perpetuate
falsc stereotypes and prejudices.

Cruising has received unfavorable
reviews since its rclcttsc. so tltc Albany State
Cinema cannot assert that tltcy are pro-
tttotittg tltc film for its general popularin or
for its artistic value.

Tltc ttnfortttnate conclusion is that tltc
ASC is relying on Cruising to be a money-
mttkcr because of its sensationalist aspects.
It is sud that the fund-raiser hits to be u film
which will ltpr to promote tltc ncgutivc tit-
titudcs we arc all trying to overcome. It is
frightening. to kttow tltttt otltcr minorities
tltc also possibly subject to this ncgttlivc
reinforcement: blocks. women. Hispanics.
L‘lC.

li’o/‘(I Is Out. tt filtn which motc .vctt-
sitivcly and accurately comments on gut.
lifc. will also be shown this weekend. spott
sorctl by tltc (lay and lcsltiun Allittncc.
This is one option that SUNYA students
have for positive. cnjoyublc cntct'lttinmcm
that does ttot pcrpcluutc destructive myths.

It is important to tcmctttbcr that this is tut
issue affecting all of us. it is appropriate to
boycott Cruiving, and it is llL‘t‘L'wll‘)’ to lit-
uwttrc of other llllCill\ Io CVL‘I) ideal for
which \v‘c ttrc working.

— lrynn (.‘oldlicrg

Controversial Film

To the Editor:

As Director of Albany State ('inctntt. I
run vvriling to clut il'y our situation concern-
ing tltc movic Cruising.

l mu fully aware of how controversial
(‘rntlv'ing is; however. it is u major motion
picture. Attd Albany State (‘incmu is rt
Inovic group whose purpose is to show titti-

 

jtrr motion pictures to lllt‘ University t‘tmt- _

ttttrttity. (tubing. regardless. of how tustcl'ul
or distasteful. accurate or innccurrttc it is.
deserves to be shown.

Albany State ('incmu policy vtnlcs tltttt if
tltc Albany is .ttc (‘ittcmrt Executive Board
and l. as Director. believe that there is that
interest itt Cruising. we will show that
tnovic.

Thcrc ttt'c tlltlll)’ movies that we have
shown Ihttl rttc controversial. Granted. they
might not offend us lllt’llly its (‘I'ntivi/tg does.
but tltc frth that they (/0 U/ft’llt/ \'lllllt' is
crucial.

licsitlcs Cruising. tltcrc :ll't.‘ four other
movics that pcoplc have spoken to tile
ubottt. They are: I0. hccttttsc of its scxisttt;
T/n' Dt‘l'l' Ilnnlt'r. because of its. controver-
sittl lt'cttlmcnt of tltc Vietnam thr; The
(‘hinu Syntlrnlnv. bccuusc of its controver-

sittl subject — nuclcur energy; and Life of

llrittn. bccttusc of tltc way it mocks religion.
including Christ. Christians. Romans and
.lcvvs. A fifth movie that ASC has shown iii
the past that crtuscd grctttcr controversy
lhtm Cruising bus. was I-‘ril: the Cut (Fall
‘73). which was controversial because of its
attitude towards lilttcks and Jews.
However. all of lhcsc movies had two things
itt common: they were major motion pie-
tttr'cs and they all ltud a great deal of stu-
dent intct'cst.

l am not us cttllotts us some people might
think. Lust Spring. whcn l schcdnlcd Cruis-
ing. | rcrtli/cd tltc potential for controversy.
but i kncw that l could ttot buck down
when pressured into cancelling tltc trtovic.

We are ttot purposely showing movies to
offend people. That is not now. never was.
and nevct will be our purpose. We will
ncvct‘ cvploit a tttovic because of its con-
troversial lllllllt‘L‘. Movies tltut we show. and
have shown. httvc ttlreudy mndc a‘nuntc for
themselves. good or bad. and we do not do
anything to further thttt film's image.

l have spoken with Michael McPttrtlin.
President of tlic Guy and Lesbian Alliance,

     
 

    

and we told each other our positions. He
felt that it was not the type of movie that
should be shown on campus due to its
nature and i told him that it ls a-major mn-
tion picture and that we felt that there was a
student interest in it. t
Michael McPartlin asked me why we
couldn't show a more tasteful film about
homosexuality. He then mentioned La
Cage Aux Fuller. i told him at the time of
our meeting. which was in October. that at
that titne La Cage Aux Fol/es was the pro-
perty of Tower East Cinemal owing to the
fact that they picked it in the film selection
process that both groups participate in each
semester. However. at that titne. i told hint
that l'd try and get La Cage Aux Fol/es
from TEC. but that I couldn't promise
anything. Well. it turned out that TEC
decided against showing it so they gave us
tltc rights to it and we will be showing it itt
February. Again. I wanted to show this
movie because it was a major motion pic-
tttrc and would have a wide student nppcttl.
Since l am Director of tire Albany State
Cincttia i must. by necessity. pcrsonully ac-
ccpt tltc responsibility of showing Cruising.
And i must also listen to tltc names that l
httvt: been called dttring tltc past two wccks.
i might wind tip bcing one of tltc most
hated students ttl SUNYA but. standing by
tltc principles of tltc group that ltttvc bccn
vcstcd itt mc. l will not cuttch tltc‘movic.
—- Michael P. Fried
Director, Albany State Cinema

Looney Tunes

To the Iidltnr:
lltts Albrtny Strtlc ('inctntt gone looncy
luncs'! Don't they tculi/c tltc riousttcss of
(‘t'uiving‘s sccdy rutnifictttions'.’ Why should
ltomovcvuuls have to tolcrtttc such a crock?
NtlllL' of my it lends arc such cheap whores!
— (in-gt: Stripe

Fear of Flying

To the Editor:

Today I tltrcw an illl’Dl-‘lllL‘ ttt lnditttt
l‘ovvct‘. rt prtpct airplane and. after
four tries. it crashed ittto tltc tower. l look-
cd rcttlly foolish. walking around lltc tovvcr
trying to figure ottt which way tltc wind was
blowing. l’coplc kept staring. at Inc. and
\votttlctiug if i find gonc bcrlcrk. They
didn‘t know that l was sttving tltcir livcs and
pulling tltcir minds ttl cusc.

Do you know why I went to all lltttl trou-
blc'! I'll tell yott why! Because sortie ass
IltllllL‘d .l -tinnc Dixon predicted that before
Hill) was over. an airplane would crash into
one of tltc towers of a university in tltc nor-
theastern United Stutcs!

Not that l bclievc tltc word of someone
who says that Martians are going to kidttap
ull tltc Iccnttgcrs of tltc world. bttt wlty take
chances? Ninctccn-cighty isn‘t over yet.

I live on tltc twcrtticth floor of Mohawk.
rtnd I don‘t ttccd to lie uwukc nights
wondering iftm ttirplttnc is going to wind up
itt lllL‘ rttiddlc of my room.

Some pcople say it will be Stale Tower.
some say it will be lndiatt. Still others say
they want to use Jcannc Dixon's colttrnn as

 

 

 

 

 

    

5.

- toilet paper. But. rest easy now. because it

was lttdian. My papcr airplane crashed. and
no one was ltttrt. Except for tire. I got a
pttpcr cut.

— Beth Gnldstcln

Chapel House Upset

To the Editor:

As tltc stuff of Chapel House. the inter-
faith Center on campus. we were alarmed
by tltc disturbing articles on religious life
which appeared itt tltc Aspects section of
the fol’ on Friday. November 14. l980. A
fcw of our concerns follow:

I The coverage inclttdcd only two groups
which falls to provide it complete picture of
rcligious life on'cttmpus. tltc choice of Cttm-
pus Crusade for Christ as tltc sole represen-
tative of the entire Christian cotnmttnily is
naive at best.
0 The ASP chose to ignore tltc presence of
Chapel House interfaith Center at
continued on page twelve

 

 

  

 

