~ «can?

r-wr~

 

very-4v}: ravine":-

s at

 

 

 

is taking in and selling books
Tues Jan 15 -'Fri Jon 1 8.

We will continue selling books
Mon Jan 21 -Wed Jan 23
‘ in CC Bollrdom
from iOom-3pm

You MUST pick up your books.

10-2 .

Jan 28, Jan 29 in - in CC 361
10-2

        
    
       
     
   

 

5" ‘
.ho
-fA

~_

’7’ﬁ_ (

m 11ers on SALE:
.360on card

«goo 1%

    
    
   

  

Used Book ExChonge  A;

and/or money Jan 25 - in Ballroom ‘ ,

v-—'"'
a wait sited

Rachael Swt‘

     

 

 

Campus (Crater

row 5:
Q“ BAND "7’

 

 

 

9 s r\
Goebv’daé‘ wﬁrst'to c1 »
Q\$ ‘16, P3~ Traditional and Country Rock ' ‘ ' “5‘ I I
g» (,0 \oC’ _ 33.731175}.3715.3...

 tiitli‘liﬁir,'_. wraith}; l'urn Flynn

QAQ,  [r ﬁwyﬂ‘l‘ orator trrttl boss
09‘ r \ \w .lthtIrdillt)

O si—I1M/ - t‘ltrlllt, bnnm trrrtl qttittrr

v.
with a touch 0/ humor that holds
nothing sacred

‘ A Slzl.l‘("l’l0N OF FINE WINES A ('()hii’l.if.'l'l{ LINi.
DIS _ . Ll) l ROM ()ltii , t)l YOlVlli l-AVOlill'l
l liliCOliA’l’lVl WlNli BARRELS MlXH) DRINKS

ALL YOUR POPULAR BRANDS ()l' “H H AND ALI
N ' 'Al’ l’ US A I'Ul.l l.lNl:
l ()l' IMl’Oli'l'H) liU'l'Tl lEl) iiizl'lib

l
. Ni;W YORK STYle ll()'l’ iill'l'i'liii l'l AVOlil-I) liUllltl INU llUMLMAlti-
. 50H l’lili’i Ziilﬁ i’Ol’L‘OliN l‘lX/A 1’”-

20¢ 20¢ 8: true Jot;

all this melrutne Mark Wrektnh at tip: {Juli

Jfrihay anti ﬁatuthap, Sianuary 18 unit 19
5 1.1.111: 1:311 21.111.

tiltu'brrsity Qttyitiary bribing [A

lot uNt‘ttvMAtrJtv

ﬁgﬁ

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I3“ w mom.

7hursday,7anuary ’7‘“ lb dampers
3min At Just-m ’
~71 m gamma emu.

an "more Last semester tax cards being honored.

 

that hate not conformed to US. ecottotttic
and military interests faced punishment. the
American goyerrutreut (through the,(’l.-\ and
military) has oterthroun the democratically
elected goyerntttents of train. Chile. South
Vietnam. Greece. and the Dominican
Republic. and replaced tltertr \\itlt ruthless
dictators.

Tlte only “try uc cart ensure tltc release of
the ltostages is to stop protecting the Strait.
Superpatriotisttt and war hysteria will not
help tlte hostages. The U.S. does not need to
prove it is not "soft." We htne tragically
Hproved" tltat in Vietnam. Korea. Chile.
Greece. and iii many other situations. \\'hen
Gerald Ford sent the Marines irtto Cambodia
to free Artterieatts captured in tire
“Mayaguer incident" more Americans \\CI'L‘
killed titan were captured irt the first place.

Wltat we rteed to prove to the not id is that
American intervention in other trtttrou‘s af-
fairs arid support of foreign dictators \\lll
end. Only tltctt will \\t.‘ avoid future ltostage
tragedies.

--— ltrttcc ('tortin

Come Together

To the Editor:
it is very clear frotn the letters published in
this newspaper that many rttirrds on tltis cams
pus are so clouded with their own ideals artd
beliefs tltat llte one and ottly isstre at lraud is
becoming greatly distorted. 'l‘hat isstrc is the
immediate and unconditiottal release of the
50 Americans that are unjustly. irrespon-
sibly. attd lnhurnancly beirtg held hostage irt
lran. No other issue cart be discussed,
debated. or defended trrrtil these St)
Americans are released. It is this \iolatiort of
international and basic human rights that has
uttitcd America. The cry for vengeance. for
respect, and ultimately. for war. is not tIt-
tcred lightly. Americans kttow the horror of
war. The memory of Vietnam is e\ er present
on our minds. precluding the need to visit a
Veterans Administration hospital to see its
victims. However. there comes a time when
all diplontatie and peaceful means hate fail-
ed. There comes a time when the burning of
American Embassies. and the killing atrd kid-
napping of Americans itt those crtrbassies.
must end. There comes a time when orte cart
no longer turrt the other check. for it has
been turned too often. if. unfortunately. no
other means but war will guarantee that the
rights of Artrericans will be protected. it ill be
respected. so be it. During the war for in-
dependence. one proudly displayed banner
read. “Don't tread on me." The time has
come when all nations rntrst learn to respect
that idea.
—— Stuart (ilick

Misquoted

To the Editor:

The ASP is a very fine college paper bur.
like all. it has its faults. i believe that others
will agree with me in saying that the ASP has
been known to print misquotcs. i understand
that the ASP wants to relay certain messages.
however. putting quotes around something
someone never said is very amateurish and
deceitful. A reporter has no rigltt to rear-
range words in a statement and quote it.
Rearranging words can make the difference
between honesty and lying.

l attt referrirtg irt particular to rrry quote iii
the past December 7th isstte ol, “Where is
Power Bred —- The Aspects 50." After seeing
the quote tltat was pttt next to my name. I
wished l was never chosen. 'l‘rue. a qttote say-
ing. “Once the group chooses who they wattt
to hear. l have to set up the whole thing."
may sound like a powerful statement. bn' i
do NOT do the wltole thing. and l Nl1VlzR
said it. What i do is oversee the whole thint’.
(event). A word change like that takes away
all the credit that the grottp. and especially
the vice chairperson. deserve. It makes a dif-
fercttcc!

Now. I understand that the .«lSI’ tries to
Present accurate quotes and stories. httt is
their rttiStake fair to rttc‘.’ is it lair to anyone

“ho is quoted wrongly"! ls that good repor-
ting'.’ .rlSI’. yott are a fine paper btrt you lttnt.‘
some tiaws. Why don't yott “on. on this one
for ne\t semester. \‘ou cart quote rrre on that.
CORRECTIN!

— Roberta larkttn

A Call for Purity

To the Editor:

i hate been on tltc faculty ltcre for more
than ten years. While a sttnlertt at a \cry large
mid-west uniyersity I wrote for the daily stu-
dettt neuspaper. i do not read the .lSI’.
lloueyer. yotrr letter sounded sincere so l'Il
take the tirtte to mile a sincere letter. I did
pick tip a copy of the .‘lsl' last lttday to see
if. indeed. it had inrproycd since my last ctr-
counter with it sonte years back. It had not.
So l‘ll go ahead with rrry note.

You said you ltad a desire to do the "right
things“ attd become a “responsible publica-
llttll." Well. doing so is not really trying to
see hon ttrtmy four letter words you cart etarrr
into an isstte. liel'otc yon label rtte :t ptrrtlc let
tire say that l spettt four years irt rlte Marine
('orps. l'te heard attd trsed all of tire uords
arid all of the combinations of uords that
your paper might cotne tip \\lllt. that doesn't
mean. ltotyeyer. that I want them tlrrtrstcd at
rttc irt a publication which may offend people
uho read things in ttty office .rnd itr my
ltorne.

You said yott netcn‘t aiming at orrc group
of people. You're wrong. l'tl say you're .nnr
ing at the immature readers who get a kick
ottl of bciltg able to contribute or inst read
the four letter words that they \yort't lirtd til it
"responsible" newspaper. there‘s an old ;I\
turn irr journalism and in slutty business
which says tltat if tltc trtaterial has to be
“blue” and rely on four letter words. then
the act is strictly second rate. How does the
xlSI’ stand up to that test. i think you (and all
of the editors before you) tune under-rated
the campus community. Most of tlrcrtt seem
to be able to struggle through the N. i'. Times
and other legitimate newspapers \yitlrotrt rust
skimming and looking for the compromise of
obscenity, It appears that no ASP editors
llil\L‘ eycr' had the courage to edit the letters
and articles which would fall flat on tberr
lace if they didn't create an interest by their
choice of words.

If you are as sincere as you say. giye it a
try. You might crtd up with some credibility
after all.

~ (Potential) Constant Reader

An Irish Toast

To the i-Zdilor:

Wlto be these lrislt folk that do litter the
Podium steps uith their puddles of remorse
each party night? How do they get on cartr-
ptrs. these (ittelic sots who would leave no po-
tent refreshments for the rest of us??? | sore-
ly need a drinkydrink. hill where it. there a
bar stool tyithout sornc Mickey O'Toole or
Molly .\ltrguirc perched upon it'.’ I thirst for
justice and bee \Ve rttttst harmoni/c otrr
patched llll'tittlrcllcs irtto a song of indigna-
tion. l’op the (‘orkersl Dump the Dublittet‘s!
(iIVI- llll: llilSll liA('l\' l0 lthl.ANl).
H l ASL!!!

A Daniel O'Connell

You are fast becoming
what you are

going to be.

Send us a letter...

whilethere’s stitltlme

 

Enough is Enough '

Welcortte back my friends. we have problems. We have entered the touted eighties
in a world that is trndoubtedly at one of its ntost crucial points ever. Tension is in the
air and we all feel it; Yet. we have cortte back to SUNYA, continuing everyday life.
hoping that that routine docs rtot have to change. But SUNYA and SUNY are at one
of their most crucial points ever too. The international stand-off may soon make
SUNYA troubles scent like pleasures. bttt tlte home fronts aren't looking good just
the saute. as departments are running out of money in horrible unison because the
Division of Budget (DOB) and Governor Hugh Carey are trimming the fat on an in-
stitution that's already skin and bones. .

it is almost tragically ironic that on one hand. a/good cdttcation is so strongly
stressed irt American principles. yet on tile other hand. it is given such a low impor—
lance priority itr some uttfortttrratc but necessary procedures. like budgeting for ex-
ample.

Education irr Artrcriea today is unfortunately.yery dependent on the capitalist
system. arid is a ltelpless vietirtt of infiation‘s arid r'eccssiort's damage. Nelson
Rockefeller became a great man when he created the fittest college system any state
had. rind Hugh Carey is allowing it to be torn down. because he‘s allowing tremen-
dous budget and staff cttts. that. after previous similar actions that dwindled the
system to a bare ttrirtirtturrr. will cause sever under-staffing and budgeting. and
education will undoubtedly suffer. '

Students: Whether yott are here to get a job. or to learn. or just to have a good

little. tltese cuts will deteriorate the education yott are paying more rnottey for. You
\\lll learn less.
’l‘cachet's: When art [English Department doesn‘t e\ctt lune a ditto machine. when a
depat'ttttcnt can't even order something tts \ ital as paper. it hen there‘s nothing in the
kitty at all for arty c\citing ideas yotr might come up \\lllt. can yott possibly be
teaching as interestingly. as freely. tl\ it‘t‘fl. as before?

America is itt trouble trow. and tire higher education system tiillSi turn ottt \ycll-
rounded. fincly edtrcatcd. strnntlatcd citi/cns. Non more than cvcr!'l'lrc .s‘ttrdcrrtcon-
cept of college edttcation has deteriorated itt recent years. to a state where tltc
ntttttbers are valued higher than the atttottttt actually learned. ()fetrtrrse. that cart be
changed, with good education. trrtltrttnpcred by financial woes.

We must stop these budget cuts. I‘hcy nrttst be stopped. the day is January 29th.
The place is the heart of the South Mall. tltc |€ I'ltc tirrtc is tell o'clock. Teachers.
students. simply all who really belieyc irr those tdnrir‘able American principles of
devotion to education. and assurance of its quality . rnust cortre.

it is appropriately called Save SUNY Day. because SUNY is at stake. 'l‘ttcjoint cf-
fort of sttrdettts. teachers. adnrirtistrtrtot's. and concerned citi/ens as a team will trtt-

   
 

 

 

dotrbtcdly make tr strong impression on those people who tlrittk tltcy cart destroy

The State University of New York's quality \yilltottt a fight.

TllL‘stltty. January 2‘). 10:00 a.nt.. I'lre ligg. 'l'ltcre are classes tltcn. bttt classes
won't be worth a ditttc anyway it this tlriitg isn't stopped. So cut for a good reason. a
valid reason. and teachers. you ettl too. And il‘ct'crbody cuts together. classes might
really be worth going to again.

 

 

 

Jay D. Gislc'n. Ifrlttnr ill t‘hir-/
lion Levy. Rich-rd Blhlr. Mrrrrtrqrrrq I": .uis
Neut- Editor . . Michele Israel
Allocilte New! Editorl l.turr. . .Utt'ttllllu. ‘iylvtrr Saunders
ASPccll Editor . Stuart Matrangrr

Auoci-tz ASchts Editor Bub ()‘Briau
Sports Editor . . . l’attl Scliwatt.
Anloci-te Sports Editor Bob liellaliore

Editorial Pinon Editor Steven lioinrk
stuffwriicrl: (:ll-lflI'S Bull. Pol lintnlt-y. Atrtlry-w Corrtrlt Kort-n Hun. Mike lrrtt'tl. Maureen
George. lid (iondmnn. Larry Krill". Debby Kupl. Srrsoit l‘tillllﬂrlll. Michelle Mrrt'krell. Kathy Perlllr.
Roberta lili‘st’llliiiil'll. .lt'll St'ltrttlttll. Ilivlir Ht'xt'r. Arntt .‘s'tttlllt. Debbie Stttitlt Zodiac Ind
Preview: Cami Volk. Jitlttlt' Klr'in News Editor Emeritus: Aron Stutth

Debbie Kopl. Ilttst‘nt’sa Manager

Steve Goldsrein
Lisa Applebaum
. . . . Bennie Brown

. . . Fran Glueckert

Advertising Mun-gar

Billing Accountant .
Anuiltnnt Accountant

Composition Mon-gar

Snicl: Kathy ltnsro. litclt St'ltoninger, Rtr‘lt Seltgsrrn Clo-lined Manager: Robbin Block Com-
position: Mike McDonald Advertising Production Manager: Sue l'lattamatt Advertising
Production: Charles Bell. Helene Drttcker. 'l'rrmrnt Geiger. Penny Greensteirt. .loy Preler. Oﬂlce
Coordlnltor: liv-rlyrt lillrs Office Sta": Joy Lustgrrrten. Bonnie Stevens

Jordln Mctzger. Rob Grubmnn. Production Managers
Iiric Koll. Vincent Alello. [illus- Beck. Assot'trrte Production Managers

Dave Bentrunln
llttnk's Cluck

VerticalCrnern
Typist Extraordinaire . . . . . . .
Paste-up: Lisa liorrrtirrtno. Mnrte llolt-ttltr Tvplutu: Itosr'ttraty Ferraro. Robin Goldberg. Carol
lisrnn. September Klt‘lll. l)t'l>lttt' l.tn'lt. Wat/no Roberts. Ztm Stobl. Laurie Walters Proolrcldors:
litrclrel (,‘oIrr'rr. .lou l'ttt'dntatr. Stro l.rrlrtt'nstutn. Chauileur: 'l'orn Srrlrna

Photography, sttppltetl pttrtt'tptrlly lty Urtttterslty l’ltolu Si’liiirt'

Eotnbliuhed 1916
The Alburru Student Press rs ,rrrlrltsltrttl r'trt’ttr ‘I'trt'srlrty tttrtl Fltth tlltiltft' the school porn by thr-
Allrtnry Student Press t'orpruntt‘tnt. tlll rrrrlt'perrtlt'rrl. not itrr-prttitt urgttrriltttrort I'tlrtttrrttl pulrr p is
lli'lt’lllllllt‘ti be (hit [alum rrrv(.'lrth unit 1:. .srtlrt‘t't't to It'trit'tt- by the litltltnntl Ihrrrrti Mrrrlnrq l‘llli‘l’ﬂ‘t
rllhnny' .‘ittttlt’trt l'rt'ss. (.‘(‘ .'t.'“l. Milt) ivtiSlllllﬂlllll I‘ttu- . lillttttrtt. NY l "
ifilh') ’lfi7-HH‘IZ

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

