 

Wild 1

A‘wa

 
  

 

 

 Undecided on Draft

rWASHlNGTON (AP) —- No decision has been made
on Sen. Mark Hatﬁeld’s request to caricel plans to begin
registering 18-year-olds for a potential draft, says an
aide to President—elect Ronald Reagan. Kevin Hopkins,
Reagan transition team military advisor, said Wednes-
day the request had been received but no decision made.
Congress approved President Carter's draft registration
plan last summer. but so far only l9 and 20-year-olds
have been registered. Registration of lB-year-olds is to
begin on Jan. 5. Jack Robertson. Hatﬁeld’s press
secretary. said the Oregon'Republican suggested that
Carter be asked to delay implementation until after
Reagan's inauguration Jan. 20. Under Hatﬁeld’s plans,
Reagan. who has said he is opposed to draft registra~
tion, then could cancel the registration.

Funds forRDFDelagedi

WASHINGTON (AP) — No decision has been made
propriations subcommittee has delayed action on the
Carter administration's request for additional funds for
a Rapid Deployment Force, Sen. John Stennis.
(D-Miss.) says. Stennis. the outgoing chairman of the
subcommittee, said Wednesday that the panel decided
to set the request aside until hearings can be held to
“fully deﬁne the mission and give studies ofthe amount
involved.“I “This does not mean the Rapid Deployment
Force concept is not endorsed." Stennis said. “Quite
simply, there were questions which needed to be
tinswered." Stennis said a major question in his mind
was the extent to which allied nations would contribute'
to the force, a special military team designed to respond
quickly to crises. “It is_ my belief that our allies must
join'more vigorously in maintaining the security of the
Free World," he said.

T‘G’ang ofFour”on Thial

PEKING (AP) +— The “Gang of Four" and six other
former high-ranking members of China's communist
regime went on trial today before a special 35-judge
court in Peking on charges that could get them the death
penalty. A Foreign Ministry spokesman said the trial
was declared open at 3 p.m., 2 am. EST in a courtroom

 

 

7 at No. l Righteousness Road. and bailiffs led Chairman

Mao Tse-tung's widow. Jiang Qing and the other nine
defendants to the dock. The Courtroom, near Peking's
main square, the Tien An Men, was ﬁlled with 880 spec-
tators invited from all over China. the spokesman said.
But Western reporters were barred. because state securi-
ty matters were involved. officials said‘earlier. The first
session was expected to be taken up entirely by the
reading of the 20,000-word. 48-count indictment against
the to defendants and six other dead “culprits” of what
the government call the “Jiang Qing and Lin Piao
counter-revolutionary cliques." The 48 counts are
grouped into four major charges — that they and their
allies were responsible for the deaths of more than
35,000 people during the chaotic Cultural Revolution
from 1966 to 1976. that they framed and persecuted top
party, government and military leaders in efforts to seize
power, that they plotted to murder Mao and stage an
armed coup in l97l. and that they plotted an armed
uprising in Shanghai in October l976, a month after
Mao died.

Eggp tiun Artifacts Stolen

PEORJA, lll. (AP) —- The University of Chicago has
enlisted federal and international authorities in its
search for some 4.000-year-old Egyptian artifacts stolen
this month from a Peoria museum. The university.
which lent the exhibit to the museum. has notified inter-
pol, the FBI and other agencies specializing in the
recovery of stolen art works. Museum ofﬁcials said
Wednesday the stolen objects included an amulet. two
ﬁgurines and a small clay tablet. The pieces have been
valued at $1,000.

$50, 000in Bribes Alleged

NEW YORK (AP) — Rep. John Murtha.( D-Pa).
testiﬁed today at a federal Abscam trial that Rep. Frank
Thompson Jr.(D-N.J.), told him there was $50,000 in
“walking-around money" available if he would meet
with representatives of Arab sheiks and that the cash
would be split between Murtha, Thompson and Rep.
John M. Murphy (D-N.Y.). The testimony came at the
bribery conspiracy trial of Thompson and Murphy
before U.S. District Judge George C. Pratt and a jury of
eight men and four women in Brooklyn. The indictment
agath Murphy and Thompson alleges the two shared

 

 

.. ._..A..—..~«ot’.u.}.tv a...

parts of $100,000 in bribe payoffs in return for agreeing
to assist non-existant Arab Shieks with immigration pro-
blems. Murtha, who was identiﬁed as a conspirator in

this case but has not been indicted. said he was in- '

terested in getting the Arabs to invest millions of dollars
in his economically depressed congressional district in
central Pennsylvania, but said he told Thompson he did

' not want to get involved in accepting cash. Murtha met
with the undercover agents posing as representatives of
the sheiks on Jan. 7 in a Washington D.C. townhouse.
He told them he was interested in ﬁnding jobs for his
community and did not want any money “at thts
point," according to a videmape of'the meeting. He
went on to explain in that meeting that he felt it
necessary to participate in several business deals with the
Arabs ﬁrst in order to build up some trust. in cross-
examination today, Murtha explained that the reason he
told the undercover agents he might later change his
mind about thebribe offer was because he was “afraid
l'd be dealt out" and he sorely wanted the investments
for his district.

Iranian Attitude “Positive ”

WASHINGTON (AP) — Secretary of State Edmund S.
Muskie said today lran is taking a positive approach to
U.S. proposals for release of the 52 American hostages

and "that attitude is welcomed.” “i think the way in -

which -the lranians have handled our proposals .is
positive." Muskie told reporter after _a breakfast
meeting with visiting West German Foreign Minister
Hans Dietrich Genscher. But he said he has not received
a response from lran to the U.S. proposals transmitted
last week through Algerian intermediaries. Depending
on lran's reply. Muskie said he was ready to send a top-
level negotiating team back to Algiers. Reports from
'Tehran quoted Prime Minister Mohammed All Rajai as
saying the Carter administration had agreedin principle
to the four coalitions set by the Majlis on Nov. 2 for
freeing the Americans. These are a pledge of non-
intcrfercnce in lran’s affairs. unblocking of more than
$8 billion in lranian assets. cancellation of all claims
against lran and return of the wealth of the late Shah
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.

 

Iran Claims Victories

BAGHDAD. lmn (AP) — lran claimed successes
Thursday on three key battle fronts in its war with lraq
and rejected a U.N. peace bid. saying Iranians will fight
until the lraqis are driven out of lran. lran said its forces
continued counter-attacking lraqi positions near
Mchran. a border town in the central section of the
300-mile-long warfront; near Susangerd; l50 miles to
the south, and AbadanI 85 miles south of Susangerd.
Tehran Radio quoted President Abolhassan Bani-Sadr
as saying: “As long as lraqi armed forces are present itt
Iran. we cannot consider any peace proposal." Buni-
Sadr met with U.N. Secretary General Kurt Waldhcim's
personal envoy, Olof Palme, a former pritnc minister of
Sweden, who expressed U.N. concern over the conse-
quences of continued warfare, the lranian news agency
Pars reported.

. Campus Baiefs’

 

Talking Turkey

  

1!
. "It,

 
 

if you should ﬁnd yourself stuck in Capitaland next
Thursday and dread the thought of spending Thanksgiv-
ing alone, you can still ﬁnd that Pilgrim ambiance.

The Refer Switchboard Volunteers of Albany are
sponsoring their Free Annual Thanksgiving Day Dinner
at the First Presbyterian Church at the corner of State
and Willet. The volunteers began their dinners in 1968
and served l50 people. Today the dinner has gt’own to
serve over 3500 people, with 147 turkeys and 87 hams.

The dinner runs from 1:00 to 6:00 Thursday. The
volunteers also provide take-out meals. And donations

 

T of money, turkey, ham, bread, etc. — are always
welcome. 3

 

PilotBlamedfor Crash

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The pilot was responsible
for the crash of a Korean Air Lines jumbo jet that killed
him and 13 other people. including three Americans.
South Korean investigators said today. Witnesses said
the pilot, Yang Chan-mo. 49 had time to escape from
the cockpit but insisted on remaining inside the crushed
and burning plane to the last moment. Yoon loo-sun.
head of the joint government and airline inquiry team.
said an investigation showed the plane‘s computer,
engines and landing gear were functioning correctly
before the crash. He said visibility was estimated at bet.
ter than the minimum 874-yard limit. and the pilot did
not report any trouble when he talked to the control
tower minutes before the crash. The jet; carrying 226
people on a flight from Los Angeles. brushed an anti.
aircraft gun emplacement as it landed in dense fog at
Seoul's Kimpo Airport Wednesday. and its wing hit :1
military vehicle parked off the runway, Korean military
sources said. The plane then crashed on the runway and
burst into flames. Authorities said six crew members. in-
cluding the pilot. and seven passengers died in the crash.
The 14th victim was identiﬁed as an airport sccttrity man
killed by flying debris. They said is people were injured.

JR.’sKillerRevealed

(AP) To a radio station in San Francisco. letting West
Coast voters know who won the presidential election
before the polls closed was no big deal. But report who
shot "LR." before “Dallas” is broadcast itt California
on Friday night? it was an agonizing decision. After six
and a half months of elaborate show biz hypc. thc
episode of the CBS-TV series that reveals who put two
bullets in the oil baron will be broadcast tonight at 10
pm. Tile interesthas built into a fever pitch. with Lon-
don and Las Vegas bookmakers taking odds on who did
it, ofﬁce pools being fortncd throughout the country,
and couples and college students planning “Dallas” par
ties for Friday night.

Regents To Check Teachers

NEW YORK, N.Y. (AP) —— in an effort to strengthen
teaching in the state. the Board of Regents has approved
a plan that includes controversial provisions for licens-
ing teachers and establishing teaching as a recognized
profession under the regents' jurisdiction. The licensing
provision. approved Thursday, would require all new
teachers and administrators in the public schools to pass
competency examinations before qualifying for a job.
The exams would evaluate an applicant’s writing and
computation skills. general teaching skills and
knowledge of his particular teaching specialty. Under
the second provision. teachers would join 30 other pro-
fessions. such as medicine, engineering and accounting.
currently overseen by the regents. A proposed stntc
liourd for Teaching would supervise teacher testing and
fix guidelines for developing new tests. Both provisions
are part of a comprehensive plan which, to be im-
plemented, would need the approval of a $15.6 million
appropriation by the state Legislature for fiscal l9li2.

 

 

Looking for a Top Ten

Glamour Magazine is organizing its annual Top Ten
College Women Competition. A panel of Glamour
editors will select the winners on the basis of their
records of achievement in academic studies and cv-
tracurricular activities on campus or the community.

The Top Ten will be featured in Glamour’s August
college issue, will be invited to New York. and will
receive a $500 cash prize.

Anyone interested in entering can contact Peggy
Schmidt at the Conde Nast Building. 350 Madison
Avenue, New York, N.Y.. won. The application
deadline is December is.

@Run; Go, Team, G0!

The SUNYA Chapter of the Association for Com-
puting Machinery (ACM) tied for third place with
Rensselaer Polytechnic institute (RPl) in the ACM Nor-
theast Regional Computer Programming Contest last
Saturday.

Seventeen schools participated in the contest. whicn
was held at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New Lon-
don. Connecticut. Massachusetts institute of
Technology (MIT) took ﬁrst place. and the University
of Vermont came in second.

SUNYA was represented in the contest by four corn-
puter majors: President of the local ACM chapter David
Kass. Michael Schwartz, Debbie LaForce, and Steve
Welsh. Kass called their programming to victory 11
“team effort."

. A Quick One

Anyone interested in becoming an SA Election Com- ‘

missioner should contact Brian Levy at 7-8087.

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
   

RCO Professor Richard Wllke.

phulu: Bill lit-uh

 
   

Peace Project aims to promote peaceful relations.

Albany “‘ " ‘ Press

by Frank Gil
This week the SUNYA Peace
Project held a “Peace Week" to

'raise" Consciousness on current

military happenings and to stress
the importance of finding non-
military solutions to global pro-
bletns.

The Peace Project‘s aim is to pro-
mote peaceful relations between the
U.S. and other countries and to
educate others on the importance of
non-violent methods of solving our
problems, according to a Peace
Project member.

El Salvador Atrocities Cited

by Eric Koll

Manuel was only to years old
when he was executed in El
Salvador.

Said :1 friend: “1 went to the store
to get some soda. i heard some
shooting, so i ran. The soldiers
stopped me and accused the of be-
ing part of the shooting. The
soldier, who was holding Manual
by the hair told the cameraman they
just wanted to take him in and find
out who he was. A week later
Manuel's badly mutilated body was
dumped on art El Salvador street."

Atrocities like Manuel‘s execu-
tion are part of everyday life in El
Salvador today. according to
Daniel Flores, who spoke at
SUNYA last night. on behalfof the
San Salvador Solidarity Group.

According to Flores, the govern—

ment's only means of controlling
the people of El Salvador is through
terror. “They cut the heads off and
the legs off the bodies after they kill
them. Then they dumpthc bodies in
the street with tr sign over the bodies
saying that they were subversives.
They put acid on the faces so they
can’t be identified.”

Flores said that since January.
the governntcnt has killctl over
4,000 civilians.

He spoke before all enthusiastic
crowd of about l00 students last
night as part of a presentation on
“Crisis in Central America." spon-
soer by five SUNYA student
groups.

Flores said the only way that tile
El Salvador government is able to
stop the rebel uprisings and Silly itt
power is through U.S. military aid.

 

by Wayne l’ee rt.- boom

senior class. _

(icnt O'Lcttry or a representative.

 

in the Lccturc Center.

\_

(350 December Graduate:
To Be Honored Informally

On December l4 approximately 350 mid—year graduates will be
honored in a ceremony at the Campus Center Ballroom, according to
senior class president Gory Schntsky.

December graduation ceremonies, Schatsky explained, “were
started a number of years ttgo“ at the rcqucst of the university and

He said the speakers will include a faculty member. as well as l’rcsi-
Schntsky said the faculty speaker will be named sometime next

week. “There are a nttmbcr of possibilities," he said.
Schnlsky added that at reception will follow the informal ceremony

 

“We've seen U.S. soldiers
figlttirtg alongside the government
forces. Tltcy are the ones giving in-
structions through a translator on.
how to fight the war."

According to Flores, the people
in El Salvador had been trying to
rise up against the government since
l932. witcn 30.00 people were killed
in an uprising. Over the past 22
years the U.S. has given El Salvador
$Io million in military aid and train-
cd over 2,000 ofﬁcers, Flores said.

Florcs’ presentation was inter-
rupted by periodic outbreaks of ap-
plause from the largely Latin au-

t'onlt'nucd on page Iwc/vc

 

 

“Getting people aware of
militarism and the dangers of war is
one of our major purposes," said
Student Union (SU) Chair Jim
Tierney. “We have to let people
know the complications of 'an ex—
panded army. the nuclear arms
race. racism and sexism that "all
apear in our defense system.”

The Peace Project also tries to in-
form peoplc of their options other
titan draft registration. such as
claiming Conscientious Objector
status or just refusing to register.
According to their ﬁgures. of the

“Peace Week” Features Teach-In

Non-m ilitarg Solutions Stressed

600,000 non-registrants of the Viet-
nam era, only 6,000 were actually
arrested. and a majority of those ar-
rested had voiced their non-
registration in public. “The govern-

ent will also give a tresister
Ermerous chances to register."
Tierney stated.

The lack of new jobs in‘the
military and the investment in'

'defense items such as the MX

Missile were also discussed;
Members of the Peace Project
stressed that inflation would
decrease if military spending were
cut. ‘

 

Minority Ph.D Program Continues

by Judie liiscnbcrg

SUNYA’s acclaimed Minority
Criminal Justice Doctoral Program
will continue to operate. even
though the federal agency which
supports it is in the process of being
dissolved, Program Coordinator
Scott Kristcnscn said yesterday.

The SUNYA Minority Criminal
Justice Program began in 1977
ttndcr a grant from the United
States Justice Department's Law
Enforcement Assistance Ad»
ministration (LEAA), Kristenscn
said. According to School of
Criminal Justice Dcun Donald J.
Newman. the University has
already received approximater $3»(v
million for the Minority Program
and related l'cfaCtll‘Cll. Tltc dcmisc of

the LEAA under the Carter Ad-
ministration will force the Program
to seek altcrnutc forms of funding
after June, I93].-

“I am concerned about not cut-
ting this program. i want it cort-
tinued, improved attd expanded."
Kristcnscn said.

The Minority Program aims to
educate minorities and to enable
them to obtain top-level positions in
the field ofCriminul Justice. Accor-
ding to Kristcnscn, "There is a
critical shortage of minority policy-
making positions in the field of
Criminal Justice, despite the fact
that minorities are abused by the
system and disproporlionttlcly
represented as prisonch and as
defendants."

Robinson Square Brings Life To City

by Sue Smith

Robinson Square, a unique col-
lcction of twenty shops with mer-
chandise ranging from yogurt
cookies to French magazines.
represents the rebirth of Albany's
downtown area.

 

4 News FEATURE

At present, Robinson Square is
90 percent complete with one
vacancy left. What type ol‘shop will
fill it? Checkmate shopowner Mrs.
Gerrity (mother of Richnrd and
Daniel Gcrrity). who is in charge of
the rentals, said. “We don’t accept
every store. We have to weed out
those with no financial backing and
people with wacky ideas. We want
to keep up its fine reputation."

'l'lns historical niche did not
always offer pleasurable and dive:-
sifted shopping. The history of
Robinson Square unfolds a long

delayed and once controvcrsial
redevelopment project in Albany.

The battle over Robinson Squnrc
dates back to I974 when its owners,
the Gct'rity Family, demolished
scvcrnl row houses on the South
side of Hamilton Street. The Gcr-
rityx also planned to demolish the
ViClt)l’iilli»SlyiL‘ homes that now
contain Robinson Squntc.

Richard Licrrity. who was invan-
cd in lllt.‘ project in the beginning
until he handed it over to his
brother in l')75, wtmtcd to demolish
the houses because "being abztn-
(loncd for IS years, they were oflit-
tle value. Then Louise came to
town."

When Louise Merritt, the
founder and now director of the
Historic Albany Foundation
(HAF). came to Albany. she saw
potential in the old brownstone
homes and became the main focus

behind their rclntbilitntion. Merritt
felt the project would be a signifi-
cant development for historic
preservation in the Northeast. Shc
protested tltc dcmolitions along
with the i’llltlh’tm-l’tti'k
Neighborhood Association (which
later formed HAF).

 

it took years of delays. fights.
and uncertainty for Merritt to con“
tinuc the (icrritys.

On December 3i,
bulldozers

l974.
ntovcd into the

Hamilton Street area, with the
backing of a dcutolition permit
continued on page nine

    

}

photo: llttb lzuttard

 

Robinson Square in dawntown Albany.
"90 percent complete with one-vacancy Icft. ”

Kristensen said that at the time
the Minority Program begun.
minorities were underrepresented in ’
higher education. “in 1977 there
were only two black Ph.D. can-
didates in Criminal Justice in the
U.S.. and our School of Criminal
Justice had no minorities in the
first-year class." Kristenscn said.

Under the LEAA grant, 30
minority students frotn around the
nation were recruited and received
fellowships for their studies here at
SUNYA. According to Kristenscn.
most of the students were block. a
few were hispanic. and more than
half were women.

“We have the strongest concen—
tration of minority students in
graduate school in the U.S.."
Kristenscn said. “Last year. 30 per-
cent of the first-year class were
black or hispanic —— a significant
change from having none in 1977.“
At present, there are to ntinority
students in the Mastch programs
and six in the Ph.D. program.
Almost all of them need fellowships
to continttc their studies, Dcun
Ncwmnn said.

According to Newman. the
University has received approx-
imtttcly $900,000 under the LEAA
grant to pay solely for student
fellowships and recruitment. The
program costs $250,000 a your to
operate.

“We're all set (financially) tttttil
June. at least." Kristcnscn said.
“But we're not going to depend on
the whimsy of the situation revolv-
ing nt'ound l,liAA."

“We have contacted other
government agencies and private
foundations in the hopes of obtain-
ing future funding for the pro-
gram." Kristcnscn said. in addi-
tion, he said. the School of
Criminal Justice's recently created
the Center on Minorities and
Criminal Justice is in the process of

continued on page twelve

