 

     

 
 
     
 
      

 

   

 

 

 

 

November 25, 1980 . .
A ---—* , Albany Student Press Page Thirteen
II I_. . ‘ workout, saying they were spies," - ‘I wouldn’t want to live next door
I I . the trainer said. “Every time he or to him," the former Olympic gold v"
f:       one of his people sees one of _our medalist replied.
t it new. »- grqup they makeavuigar remark orI' DutIIait [was ascllted if his‘ attitude
I ., _ I I - I I I gcs ure." towar eonar and Leonard’s
III  I  I NEW ORLEANS (AP) StItIIgar Rbay Duran s reputation ofbeing pound- Duran’s rough and tumble butting "Sugar Ray is fed up to'here with camp was a publicity hype for the
 ‘ii  U 0  . ‘ i ’ -Leoanard if“ OIIIIIISRagga/Ito"13m:I for-IraounSd the best fighter in tlte tactics. He has insistedthe Panama- it. 1 think you'll see a different ﬁght. .
r stic trig pi wor . o outsi e the tin he n' ' ' H ‘ . ‘ .
It.     doIIs as he prepares for IOIIIghIIS "08ch Duran WIIII res CCI II 8 tan shave his craggy Ibeard. AndIhe Leonard Tuesday night. The mild . In translation, Duran’s reply
If, ‘ I I II P - has offended Duran 5 Spanish in- mannered Leonard was asked if he came out ﬁrm and clear:
I! II M E  rematch With the tough Panama- When Duran threw tantrums terpreter. disliked Duran "No ldo not like heem ”
i ‘ k awa his WBC d - - . ' ' '
t t l _ nian WhOhHLO  II a" DUI 0}! lhosc macho dISplﬂys. it was Dundee who conceived the
 . d lterwcig t oxing tit c tve mon- Sugar Ray thought it was cute d 'd ' ‘ '
P. we comes” * We I an t ea that he and Leonard appear at N C h C’, P
to   ms ago. laughed it off. He found out later last Thursday's news conference in   '  
I

Snpervisory Committee Chair,

 

 

   

  

     

 

 

And he’s getting a lot of help
from his Svengali Trainer. Angelo
Dundee. a master at psychological
warfare.

Duran was a bad guy. an animal."

“Duran was rude. He was vulgar.
He fouled my man 25 times — look
at the films and count ‘em — and

long black beards and mimic the
champion's beast. “l weel keel
him.“

Duttdee accused Dtiran’s inter-

Searches ForHerb Brooks

 

i All members invited I ‘  - . .

-I    Spurts of venomI are ﬂying bct- rubbed ll tn. He took SugarIRay's preter, Luis Heitriquc. of using his NEW YORK (AP) A year ago, coaching duties -— on an interim
II M d D b 1 ween the two camps — ttot decency and courtesy as a Sign of own words and not those of Duran Craig Patrick was helping Coach basis — to his status as director of
.l I: on ay ecem er . Ifabrlcalcd barlLs designed to bolste; :eakness. Sugar Ray was stunned in interpretations. Herb Brooks mold a bunch of coi- operation on Saturday when Fred
'  r ‘ te utagenutne caseo y it. I am sure it affected his “D kE 1'1 '11 l ' ' h' " l ' h '

SIII ' a saEEIHSIEII‘ I II uran can spca rig is i as We egtans into t is country s O ymptc S cm resigned. brooks appears a

t      O  mum“ d'SI'ke' I I r'gI'I‘“ I I I as i do." Dutidee charged. “To use hockey team. likely candidate for the tole of

{III ~~— “Sugar Ray didn t know whatIto I it won t happen this time. We'll an interpreter, it's like throwing Today, Patrick is trying to shape Rangers bench boss, but he current-

t ~  I f I.   457 7944 I make of DuIran when he fought him gtvc tltc guy what he gaveIuIs.” out a wet fish." Dundee has gone the New York Rangers into a com- 1y is tied up in the ﬁrst year of a

I or more tn orma lOl'l ca " I last June in Montreal, Dundee .Dundce hasItnkcttIthcinitiativein further to charge that Duran has petitive National Hockey League two-year contract coaching ‘ an

I A I . said, rIcsferringdt: the Panamanian s tltcbvgar of ltllllnlIlIlarOlt and started been even tttore objectionable than team — and at the same time figure amateur team in Davos,
t ' ' close -roun ectsion. gra ing most 0 i te media atten- in the last fight. out a way to get Brooks behind the Switzerland. "

.‘I‘     8L “HC Wﬂsdﬂ b" "1 Inge — “0‘; “OI:- k “He had Sugar Ray‘s brother Rangers bench. “it's hard to tell ltow long it will

. . afraid, mitt you —- 0 uran an e ecps vigoroust protesting and sister thrown out of his Patrick. 34. added the team's take until we findareplacement for

 ENVlRONMENTAL/LECISLATIVE     I " —, . , Shero." said Patrick. who will con-

. I. INTERNSHHJS   " h ‘ '  =- r ' ditciItIhal search. which figures to

 — “mm, e W en you nee some      i-wc

i r s  3 . ~ have had discussion with Herb and

t: t I I I I I  t ' f d t there are tnore to come."

» t The Envuonmental Planning Lobby, a stateWtde coalition of cn- n  a ' a°m',    Until Brooks is free to join the

_ ' vironmental organizations. will again offer a limited tiuntbcr of fu’t-     I h f . Rnnttch. Patrick will run the whole

i  scmesterlegislativc internships beginning January 1981. Successful can- " w 0    show. Considering that his

 

To applyE contact:

didates will work alongside our staff during the upcoming legislative ses-
sion on major environmental and cttcrgy issues in New York State.

Bernard C. Mclewski
Executive Director

Environmental Planning Lobby

I96 Morton Ave.
Albany. NY l2202

(518) 462-5526

sale.

 

 

Thurs. &Fri. Dec. 4,5

Tickets are 33 1 .00 w/tax card $ 1.50 w/o
Tickets will be sold in advance at the
record co—op on Wed, Thurs, Fri, Dec 3—5

and at the door. Look for The Kids Are

Alright record giveaWay and record co—op

7:30 & 10:00 LC '18

sa funded

 

 

 

   

 

-----‘

 

 

  Alb

Thursday — November'27

\\\\

All Albany Students Admitted Free with ID

Thanksgiving lite

at

AB RD

any State lite

 

 

You left the notes for

 

coaching experience totaled seven
games with the Olympians — 6-1
dtiritig their exhibition tour prior to
their startling gold ntcdal success at
the Lake Placid Games — Patrick is
taking on it tttattttnoth challenge.

Luckily. he has the players iii his
corner.

“Critig has lots of good ideas,“
said vctcrttn center Phil_ Esposito,
who had been rtttttottred ti catt-
didatc for tltc cottching position titt-
til Madison Square Garden Cor-
poration President Sottity Wcrbliti
emphatically stated that Esposito
\vtts ttot being considered. “He's a
smart hockey ltltlll. We had it real
good Ittlk session Saturday."

"'I lie chitttgc is it hrcttth ol~ lil'c,
yott might say," said t ttm eitptititt
l)tt\’t.' Mttloncy. “No one got close
to l‘ll'tKl. A littlc more cotnttitmictt-
tioti tttigltt liclp."

I’tttt'iek t‘culi/cs the importance of
itttptovctl cotttnttttticittiott bctwcctt
tttttttttgctttcttt and the plitycrs.

“'l'lItcrc'll be lots of communica-
tioti ttttd lilttckhotttd stuff, cspccittl-
ly ittilittlly." llL‘ sttid on Silllll'tlily.

"‘1 feel we httvc to have everybody

know what‘s going on on tltc ice.“

l’tllt'lt‘k was plcitscd with llic
Ratigcrs' first pct'l'ot'ttitincc, though
they \\’L'tL' hciitcti (Hi by the Stanley
Cup champion lslzttttlct‘s.

“'Ihc effort was rcttl good," he
said. "WC'I'L‘ starting front scrtttch.
This is Day One. For going through
tltc crash course we went through,
we played very well."

Slicro's resignation was pretty
tttuclt it forced one. He took over
the club in June 1978 and led it to
tire playoff finals itt his first season
at helm. iiut thitigs soured last
season, when New York lost iii the
playoff quarterfinals, arid the
Rangers had a 4-13-3 record under
Shero this year.

Shcro cited an, inability “to
ttchicvc the greatest potential and
motivate the playing personnel to
the best of their ability." as his
reasons for quitting. ironically, lie

 

clittptct‘ ii iii the libi‘tu'yt A sum
sigtttltztt tomorrows test will
be ltcztvy with questions from
t‘ltztptcr ti. Someone you know
is about to get t’l phone t‘ilil.
He's not going to like it, but he's
going to come through. Wilt‘ll
this is over. do something
special for ltim. 'limigltt. lt'l it

be l.t")wonl)r.‘itt. it. h“ V
LiiwenbrauJI

. mmnmmhwwmhmtﬁAlwmmm M'mmu Nuwnm

said the same kittd of tltitigs when
lie left the Flyers, whom he coached
Io NHL cltitttipiottships iii I974 nttd
1975 to join tltc Rangers.

° PLUS LIVE MUSIC

J-CIUIIU-I-I.

 

 

Pierre,

Here it is—

And better than

a personal!
Love, Robin ,

  

Tabard Ale House
I I 1869 Wantagh Ave.
j I Wantagh, N. Y. 1 1793
(5191243529462

3-..-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

h.
u -----‘---“-------n---------------- -

 

 

 

 

