   

SAﬁu to,

Chancéllor:

 

Dear Chancellor Wharton.

Ever since the Board of Tnistees adopted

your resolution commitlng SUNY to dor-
matory self-sufficiency and high cost cam-
pus housing. the SASU membership has
made the dorrnatories a major priority. As
you may know. SASU is dedicated to pro-
moting low cost. high quality democratical-
ly controlled, and fully accessible education
at the State University. The recent dorm
'rent increase, your commitment to moving
the dorms toward self-sufﬁciency. and the
manner in which both were approved by the
Trustees threaten this approach to public
higher education in the following ways:

' The cost of higher education includes
living expenses as well as tuition. As SUNY
continues to increase both its tuition and
housing costs. accessibility will be limited to
only those who can absorb the increases.
This undermines the mission of SUNY. as a
public education system.

' The issue of a dorm rent increase was
never publicly discussed until the meeting
that the increase was publicly proposed.
Despite the efforts of Sharon Ward to table
the proposal until public debate-had oc-
cured. the Trustees approved your resolu-
tion with little discussion. I should remind
you that the proposal to increase rents did
not appear on the agenda for the May 23
Board meeting. thus no one except people
on the inside knew it was even being pro-
posed.

I am aware that there were extensive
discussions of the proposal held in closed
executive session by the Trustees. yourself.
and other SUNY Central administrators.

Chancellor
Rgsmnds:

Dear Mr. Stern.

l am responding to your letter of Oct. 1
on behalf of "The Student Association of
the State University of New York, Inc."
demanding rescission of the action last May
by the SUNY Board of Trustees authorizing
me to increase dormitory rental rates by
$150 for the current academic year.

Your letter raises questions not only
about the substance and merits of the deci-
sion. but also about the process by which it
was made.

As to the process. you and your organiza-
tion have chosen to challenge the action in
court. Therefore. I cannot respond in detail
to those allegations since our reply more
properly must now be made in the legal set—
ting.

However. I would like to reiterate that

 

0 Approving the increase after campuses
closed for the summer and after students
had already signed their housing contracts
was not only unethical, but caused a ﬁnan-
cial hardship to many students. Many
students were not able to readjust their
ﬁnancial aid packages in time, and others
were forced to take out larger loans to cover
it. Still others were not covered at all under
ﬁnancial aid. (As you know. BEOG was
recently cut by $50 for every eligible stu-
dent.)

Although most SUNY colleges allowed
students to break their housing contracts.
for most students this was not a viable op-
tion. Most off-campus apartments had
already been ﬁlled, and in either case many
students found it physically impossible to
look for an apartment and move at the
beginning of the semester. Some SUNY col-
leges have no off-campus housing to speak
of.

0 The arguments that by going self-
sufficient and turning down state subsidies
for the dorms the Governor and Legislature
will increase SUNY's appropriation
for academic lines is based on faulty
assumptions. By demonstrating SUNY's
willingness to raise its own revenues
through student cost increases. you en—
courage the stare to continue to cut back on
funding for SUNY since it indicates that
SUNY is willing and able to cover its own
budget deficits. We realize that you think
you worked all this out in a political deal
with the Governor's Ofﬁce and Division of
Budget. but as you well know. we have rto
guarrantecs that the Governor won‘t coir-

tlic Mriy ZR dormitory rate increase decision
wits made in priblic. after discussion in
public, at a regularly scheduled meeting of
the Board of Trustees. The student member
of the lloiird participated in that discussion
rind did. iit fact. cast the sole dissenting
vote.

And. again contrary to allegations. the
timing had no sinister or conspiratorial
origins. it was only by mid-May that tlte
University had final information on its
HBO-8! budget and corild set spending
priorities. Any further delay of the action
would only have exacerbated the problctiis
the students would have had in their 0er
financial planning for the fall. Also. a delay
in the adoption of a final budget plan
would have jeopardized a rtumber of fall
academic programs.

tinue to cutback on SUNY's budget in up-
coming years as you continue to increase
student costs. There is no guarrantee that
the increased revenue from the room rent
hike will save jobs in future years. May l
allude to the Spring of 1979 when SUNY
opposed SASU's efforts to obtain the addi-

.tional $9 million from the Legislature to

prevent a tuition increase. citing the need to
show the Governor that SUNY was willing
to “take its share." The Governor respond-
ed by cutting 527 million from SUNY’s
budget the following session. and students
were left with both higher tuition and pro-
posed budget cuts.

' As SUNY Chancellor. you should be
convincing the state that making SUNY a
high cost institution is not an aCCeptable
method of reducing SUNY's “burden” to
the state. If you enter negotiations with the
positions that SUNY is willing to raise stu-
dent fees. then legislators will have found
an easy method of freeing up state funds
for other purposes.

' The argument that off-campus students
have been subsidizing on-campus students
is merely an attempt to divide students.
State subsidies for SUNY dorms are used to
lower the cost of attending SUNY for many
students who can't afford to move off cani-
pus. Again. there is no indication that
eliminating state subsidies will result in
either lower tuition or increased academic
programs in future years. By commiting
yourself to self-sufficiency. you are promis-
ing the State increased rcvciiric from
SUNY. btit are receiving no guarraiitees of
additional benefits after this year.

Unfortunately. it number of fitcts about
the reason for the increase scent to have
been distored iit your publicin challenging
the action.

The State University. for example. did not
“turn down" any State-appropriated
funds. Dollars that previously had been its-
ed to subsidize student dormitory costs
simply were redirected by the liortrd to
academic purposes. No money was lost. but
the University thus wris able to reduce con-
siderably the impact that the severe l980-8l
budget restrictions otherwise would have
had on academic programs and faculty.

The harsh economic facts of inflation
that dictated the increase iit the first place
have not lessened in the slightest. Over the
past five years the cost of a dormitory bed
has risen $300 while rent rose only $50.

0 The fact that other public and private
universities have already gone self-
sufﬁcient should have no bearing on
SUNY’s original commitment to low cost
education. Public institutions by definition
receive government subsidies. If other
public higher education systems or state
governments choose to reneg on their
responsibilities to uphold low cost educa-
tion. then SUNY should stand as an exam-
ple of a system that is willing to uphold its
commitment to the mission of public higher
education.

0 Although SUNY Central and the
Trustees talk of self-sufficiency. dorm
governance. (ie. selection of residence staff)
lacks students input. Students still have lit-
tle control over how the dorms are run and
who admnisters policies. Students do not
have tenant rights. and the Trustee resolu-
tion calling for self-sufﬁciency does not en-
sure these rights.

0 Dorm conditions remain poor on many
campuses. despite the rising rental costs.
Students on virtually every campus are
tripled, and SUNY has no realistic plan for
eliminating tripling other than making
students pay considerably ntore rent.

Therefore, based on resolutions approv—
ed by the membership. and in long con-
sultation with students on each SUNY cam-
pus. SASU, as the representative voice of
more than 150.000 State University
students. demands the following:

0 A ball to any further plans to move
SUNY dormatories toward self-sufficiency
by recommending that the Board ofTrustcc
Resolution passed on May 28 be rescinded.

Most of the new increase Wits intended to
meet these inflationary costs. find there
been any alternative less burdensome to the
students involved. l certainly would have
proposed it to the Board.

The move toward making the dormitories
self-supporting thus is justified on botlr
economic and equity grounds. The SUNY
residence hall systerrt remains ortc of the few
in the nation wltere costs are not irtct by the
users. in an inflationary economy this situa-
tion represents art ever-increasing drain on
scarce operational funds. while continuing
the practice in which two—thirds of otir
students. in effect. help to subsidize the
housing costs of the other third.

in conclusion. I would comment that. its
it student-elected and sworn member of the
SUNY Board of Trustees. you. as did your

 

  

9

ﬂame-me

 

  

WéFACTG

DST l
gmer l6 HA I? LE AL
l5 if U01”. (

 

AVlEEr UP 660TLEWH 0F W JUR‘K
Eftll‘é l6 guacamole CA6€ NA

 
    

ﬁre
HA6 A

Dr c(0t) AGE NOT 0 A96
BZIME - gWéHElJT Old  ARE
HERE ONW T0 DECIDE WW2
' \ llgSTgUl'tOL)

'>‘ (D t
0

.t. It
\Wllltllllll I
MAY SK
Magma; gmwi ywra cm

@Fi

    
 
 

  

our. Ina I‘m m

    

if [6 we constancy
r0 95“er on THE Darren/rt
mwucesme 590m:

HY wlFE 7
/

     

 

I CALL

    
 

 

 

comment

 

 

Dorm Rate Hike is Threat to Public Higher Education

0 A public commitment by SUNY Cen-
tral and the Board of Trustees to give at
least one months public notice before acting
on any student fee increase proposal.

e A comprehensive plan to end tripling in
rooms designed to house two people. This
plan should be ready by December 1. I980.

- The replacement of the present housing
contract with a lease, binding on both ad-
ministration and students, to be bargained
at the beginning of each rental period by
student negotiators and SUNY Central (or
campus administrators).

o A UAS-type governing board. compos-
ed of students and residence ofﬁcials be
established on each campus to administer
dormatory governance procedures. in-
cluding policy-making and hiring of
residence staff.

0 All university and housing agreements
between students and SUNY concerning
fees be honored by SUNY for their dura-
tion.

We are willing to meet with you at any
time to discuss and negotiate the situation:
In the meantime. we have a rcspoitsibility to
our membership to continue to take
whatever actions are necessary to promote
the needs and interests of students at the
State University in this matter.

—— James Stern

SAS U Preside"!

— Janice Fine

V.P. of Campus Affairs
—— Jason Wertlielm
Executive V. P.

Rate Increase is Warranted to Preserve SUNY System

predecessors. have full opportunity to pre-
sctit your views and proposals to the llotird
for such disposition as a majority of the
Trustees may care to make. You did. in
fact. raise this subject at the Septcirtbcr
1980 meeting and there was full opportunity
for discussion.

As president of tltc SUNY Student
Assembly. the recognized goveruncc body
representing the students, you have the op-
portunity and obligation to iritrodricc stu<
dcrtt views and proposals into the goverrrncc
system. However. you have chosen a third
role. as president of “The Student Associa-
tion of the State Uttiversity of New York.
Inc." to prirsue the attack on the rental in»
crease.

This is more than just an interesting
anomaly in which you. as “SASU” presi-
dent. arc suing yourself as a Trustee. The
student Trustee and the Strident Assemny
are the two major, formal opportunities
provided for student voice and participa—
tion iii University governance. and they
should be riscd to communicate tltc cort-
ccrris which you have raised.

Rather than dciiionstrntioiis and
rhetoric. what is called for now is it more
reasoned effort to understand the complex
challenges to the State University's qtutlity
and future.

The pool of funds nvtiilttblc iii any one
year must be earmarked itlltl spent with the
long-term interests of till tltc students and
the ptiblic in print]. When it comes to the
Point of subsidizing dormitory rooms for
some students or retirinng faculty and
uctidemic programs for all students. the
choice is clenr.

As for other matters raised in yortr letter.
i run conslrttittctl by your lirwsuit front for»
Ilter comment, but l would rceniphrrsizc
tltitl tltcre are established avenues for their
consideration. We hope you will use them
constructively.

-Cllfton R. Wharton. Jr.
Chancellor

 

New Bus Info

To the Editor:

Why is bus service worse than ever? Due
to the price of gas. more students are leav-
ing their cars at home and riding tltc buses.
Two bus drivers have been eliminated
because of budget cuts; the Wellington run
has been changed to a small loop that drops
people on an already overcrowded Alumni
run.

Because or pressures by students, which
were highlighted by the open meeting spon-
sored by Student Union and OCA in Alum-
ni Hall a few weeks ago. the administration
has agreed to revise the bus system to in-
clude the following changes:

0 Direct service to the Wellington Hotel
all day. There will be a bus running on this
route on the average of, every 20-25
minutes. It will be stopping at all regular
Wellington stops as well as all stops on the
Alumni run. This will eliminate transferring
buses at Draper. Transferring buses at
Draper has caused several problems this
year: safety problems waiting for a bus at
Draper Hall and leaving it bus full of people
at the Wellington loop at Draper. cruising
the Alumni buses to fill up long before it
gets to Alumni.

0 An increase in stops along the Altrtritri
route frotrt l28 to lol. This increase itt
stops of 26% is due primarily to the
resumption of the Wellington run.

' An increase in btiscs during the morn-
ing peak period (front 7:30 run. to [0:30
am.) front 25 to 32.

' An increase iit lttiscs during the after-
noon peak period (from 2:30 pm. to 5:30
p.m.) front 23 to 35 runs.

' Aiiotltcr factor that should ltclp im-
prove service is the arlditon of two new
buses it) the coming weeks. These two
buses. replacing two old buses. have n
capacity 10% greater than the old buses.
They will l ‘ itr service all dtiy long. until the
afternoon peak period is over. These two
new brisscs are the equivalent of three old
busscs.

There are two things we students can and
iitttst do to insure maximurit efficiency of
bus service. First. we must stop walking.
over to Washington Avenue to get on a
bus still on its wziy downtown. II' it few
students do this it gets them tl guitrrtntccd
seat. but wltcit hordes of people do this no
one has no advantage any longer. All it
guarantees us is no extra fifteen minutes of
riding the bus; fifteen minutes we could be
sleeping. l’lcrisctry waiting on Western
Avciitte. Second. we must recognize the
Wellington bus is primarily for students liv-
ing below Draper. Since iii t|tc past. fights
hirvc erupted between frustrated students
living below Drripcr and students living
above Draper. special ll) cards will be given
to students living ill the Wellington
Hotc|.to insure that they have priority to
ride the Wellington bus. litts drivers nrcn't
paid to brcitk tip fights. they're priid to
drive buses. If we don't all work together.
no schedule will work.

The University is still unwilling to resume
service to Greyhound. We will coritiriric to
try to regain this service. zit least on it
weekend basis. lll the mctiiitiritc. we are
looking irtto the possibility of having
(ireyhouttd stop on campus beginning next
sciircster.

i believe that with these changes. we will
have the rirost efficient bus system
available. given the limited resources of
rtiurtpowcr and buses, llowevci. efficient in
this case still isn't adequate. We must con-
tinue to demand ritore money to improve
the bus system to tin ittlequntc lech at least.
SA, Student Union. ulltl the Off Campus
Association will be sponsoring no open
hearing on the bus situitlioii iii the coming
weeks to bring attention to this pressing
issue.

— Rob Rothmun
(.‘lmir/iem-on, SA "MY Comm/tree

 

 

A Dangerous Precedent

Few would raise doubts that, within a public institution, it is only natural for
public matters to be brought before the people. After all, this is clear and wholesome
American thought. It is the basis of our Constitution and the fabric by which we try
to structure our society. Sometimes it works and sometimes it "don’t."

And when this dem0cratic ideal slips through our ﬁngers. we often find ourselves
immersed in a battle to win it back; for if we aren't careful, others will gladly make
important decisions without us—regardless of the effects.

When. and if, we can slice through the layer of facts. statistics. and issues which
surround the ‘need' for a SUNY-wide dormitory rate increase, we land right into the
crux of that notion of public vs. privale in decision-making.

We have a few bones of our own to pick with SUNY Chancellor Wharton.

The Chancellor insists (column to the left) that the decision to raise dormitory
rates “was made in public, after public discussion. at a regularly scheduled
meeting." All good and fine—if we take words at their face values. But instead. let’s
look a little deeper into the reality:

0 The decision was made in a public meeting—however. all discussion leading up
to that decision was lteld in executive sessions where trustee members are “sworn to
secrecy."

0 The decision was made after public discussion—however. the scarce and post-
climactic talk all occurred minutes before the votes were cast. The ‘public’ was never
informed. so the ‘public' did not show.

- And yes. the decision was made at a regularly scheduled meeting of the
Trustees—however. the dormitory issue was nowhere on the printed agenda. it was
ltaitded out on separate sheets (called ‘Action' agenda).

Now the Cltancellor goes on to explain why we need a dormitory increase. He cites
a move toward self-sufficiency. a tigltt budget. and inflation. among other things.
Yet these can be worked out separately. They are rationale and they are logistics.
Screw the numbers and skip the data. The real problem facing us is ttot a dormitory
increase bill the danger of leaders—from a national to a university level—who cort-
titirie to act in private for the ‘puhlic good.’

College presidents were not informed of the increase until the day before the vote.
SUNYA's own Acting Residence Director was "shocked" when he heard.

Both SASU and ortr owrt Studertt Association have taken brave and commendable
measures to attack tltc dormitory decision.Thcy ltave begun 2t lawsuit which will see
the State Stiprenic Court next week. Chances are high that they'll wiit.

In addition. hundreds of students front campuses across tltc state will arrive on
Friday to stage a camp-out on the lawn of SUNY Central irt Albany. If you value a
role in decisions which tiffch yort as a student and as a person. tlteii perhaps you will
consider attending. spirits will be high.

If the Trustee's decision holds through without some sort of fight. tlten a
dangerous prcccdcrtt will have been set.

What frightens us most is that even now. the Chancellors/ill insists that the public
played a major role irt the decision-making process.

 

é.

 

£525.15

Eel-Alleluia In I ’l 5

and its creative magazine

Illch lair-v. Irtrim ur ('tmvy
not. 2. one-u. Mttltttgpttrl r .1...”

Sylvia stunts-u.
Aurrrr-wt‘munr. sum. Million” Hr'llt sir-rt.
trurrr rrr-rrrrvru. um. t m
.tumrm- wr-mr-r
lirll’ttrkn
sm- (iurlwr
trim Luvy
' testis-tutti“
Mm. llrntit'l. Larry kn...
sir-wt. A (septum...
MrtrlrrllA rm. ..-r

New: Editor
Mood-ta Nut/l “Ito!-
nor-u- Editor-
MIMI-to AIPcrlo Edllov
Bound I VIIIOI Edllor
Cunt!" An-
D-II'I ‘ I‘voul
Upon- Editor
Mood-Io 89ml- “More
“hurl-I PI..- [Altar
Cow “troy

Bllnm'vlt 'lrirrt llitttltullir I‘ntlltta Ilrnrrh'y. Il-vtlr ('nrrrirmrola. Kt'll (Intrltir. Mtrlmi'l Carmen. .ltttr liramr. “nice I on MrtttIi-r‘ti
tiwnrp- l truth J Fold: .Kl'll littltlttlt. I in (rtttlwl. Wt'utlt'lllit‘tlllttll Mrrlurlr- lulll'l. tlAllll'S .lrrlle. Amy Knttlor. Larithrrurmrr. loin
l.u\trl< WIlllltIll t)’ lirwu. anur- I‘t‘i'tt‘lltrttltr. Mink "Univ! .lrlt Sr ltnrlnll. l'nul ht'lrwntt/ lodloe I hurl- ultnni Hour A i.ir

lintrlrrr. ‘writattrlivt Klt'tti
Dobhk unpt. lluitilrn Muman

.lartet Dir-thin

liar-rile llrowrr. Ntrtlirn llalpler
llnydrn L‘arrutlr

humm- Slvvr'm

“vent-In. Han-u
II

  

I.
0!":- Coordinator

Inlut Steve (iritllt'l. “llll'll Krill Clo-om“ "an..." Srptwnlwt Kli-Iit Cn-ponhloll llrmk‘t (‘tuck Alva-thin. Prod-o-
ur). Hus-rut Marie Aiiirt-(inlavrttr.1nnunytir-tguer-nhlng Production Dumm- t‘rtm‘oln. Mxhelc lust-l. Smart Knplarr.
Mara Mrvttrlr-lmlut. lItttlll' Stitwnllm‘rt'. ('atolyo Surluwrrk

Il-vdo- Can-lb. Dan loll l'rmturttmr Murrum-

Him Heck

V (I
"ﬁnd I... lluuk‘t Cluck

‘l'ypl-t bun-dimm-
I'ulM't llouer (inlmr. Amy lit-tum. litrlitn Laimtvtn, Drivi- ~latrtrlnltrwi, 'I'v’lotai Carol "my. ltowmruy lemon, Marne Grit
twin... 51'|l|l'tltlil'l ltlutrr. HMlMIIi Ntrlnlt. lnttllt' Wulrm. Chg-[lulu Mnrlr ltxlrt-tll

‘mplilterl principally luv llrtltlemty l'ltrrtn South a
plat llrrli Leonard

   

Plump-pk
Chld no")
UPI Mt [invc Atlwr. Allvlt ('rrlurn. Knil Flinn. Stu-w I two. Mlkr' I'Atwll. Mtttlt Ilrrlt-k. Matt llvuuhel. "UIIIHH' ltulnkotl. l)t‘Vl
Mirrlttoir. Mark Natllet. 5min Slutukatnp. Tony 'l'nnarottr. Will \‘ttrurirrr V ‘
ltrv Albany btrnlutrt I’Itm ti ritrliltihvtl awry 'l tivulay Ittltl l'ttday diirtnu the school yum by the Albany {Student I I
tlltntlllll rm! wrtttuu try the llrtttui-tri t‘lilul. policy ll llllilut'l lo revtrtw Irv lltu I tllluilltl thunrt

m. ('ritpoiatlotr. in

independent not ltit-ptriltt rumor-nun l1

Mtlllltlu rulrlrreu.
Albany Stud-int l'ldu. (‘C 32‘!
Mtltl Wmlrlirutott Ava

NY

)0" .
(fillil GY-Tlter/Hilﬂ2/!tht‘t

 

 

 

   

  

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 

 

    
   
   
  
    
      
        
   
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
    
  
   
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
      
       
     

     
  
      
 
    
 
        
 
    

