 

5., no... g ‘4... s.-.

 .an-q-n-r. 1.. .

 

 

“1.4

 
 
 

.‘s'r‘r.’u",.‘>

‘ t 1., rlsﬂwﬁ Widget

, 11.. Back Page -'

 
 

v

. . . . . , “5.4.”...

_‘L:'ji"‘.rv-~ am”

never ceded from their lands by treaty, and

 

 

f linaelira  '

Continued from page 2a.

come to grips with the cultural impact.
More recently emphasis has been placed
on the regaining of land formerly belonging
to the lndlans. which had been taken over by
Whites during the course of American
History.

sent: angered lndlans. randomly fired shots,
and disgruntled local Whites.

The Alexian Brothers agreed to turn the
property over to the Menominees for one
dollar and fair reimbursement. in February of
the same year. however. the offer was
withdrawn. reinstated. and then rejected by
the tribe.

 

More recently emphasis has been placed on the regain-

ing of land formerly belonging to the lndlans, which had

been taken over by the Whites during the course of
. American History.

 

On January 1. 1975. a take-over similar
to Wounded Knee occurred at the Alexian
Brothers Novltiate in Gresham The novltiate
was taken over by the Menominee Warrior
Society. Although less severe than Wound-
ed Knee. people feared that the take-over at
Gresham would be a replay of that takeover
twu years before — and the factors were pre-

Following the Gresham Incident. there
was a period of about a year during which
nothing new occurred. Then. in 1977. the
Passamaqnoddy and Penohscot lttdian tribes
claimed over ten million acres of ancestral
lands in Mtllintocket. Maine. Even this was
not completely new, as a sitnilar claim had
been made in 1972 and settled against the

lndlans in 1925‘.

The land claimed by the lndlans was most-
ly wilderness. but it also encompassed‘some
500,000 non-Indians living in many areas
which were built up. The case became com-
plicated along the way as several different
parties became involved.

The United States Justice Department
entered the case technically in favor of the
Indians against the state of Maine. Following
the Justice Departments' entrance into the
affair. newly elected President Carter ap-
pointed lormer Georgia Supreme Court
Justice Gunter to design a solution to the

rejected a $2.5 million dollar claims commis-
sion offer for their land. They are still trying

, to re-negotiate contracts for uranium mining

In Black Hills.

Many of these cases are still In court
despite a large time lapse resulting from a
certain degree of unwillingness to com-
promise. and bureaucratic red~tape.
However, the Indians haven't given up ~
they are still fighting to break the tradition of
Government control of lndian affairs. All
they ask for the Government to leave them
alone so they may live In peace.

 

problem. Gunter proposed a plan to ap-
pease lndlans with 25 million dollars and
10.000 acres of Maine state lands; at the
same time Congress would be asked to ex-
tinguish any further lndlan claims to private
lands in Maine. This program was opposed
across the nation by lndians and Whites
alike.

While this case was still in court. a number
of very similar claims appeared in states
along the eastern coast. lndlans claimed a
total of almost 200.000 acres of land in New
York. Massachusetts, Rhode island. ’Con-
necticut. and South Carolina.

More recently. the Pine Ridge Sioux in
South Dakota claimed that Black Mills was

 

Fred The Bird

Bigkaium

 

._\nzct>r.//

tile

 

OFFHRND l
OF ANY REASON WHY
utE SHOULDN'T KEEP
seems EAcH OTHER-

LANTTHINK

    

You‘re SHORT ,stuetonicct, AcmALtv t KNEuI
BORINGHNANetPAT‘i-iﬁl'tci THERE runs n REASON.
tMM/rt’utrc,uNcoU1 H ,BICt-Noscq L“.

AND t CRN'FSTAND TO BE
SEEN win You tN A
mama PLACE.

 
     

 

 

 

DON'T TELL me You'vL
GWEN UP ON HER

    

THINK oF tT ALL AS A
Foot‘B/iu, (DAME. YOU‘RE
DOWN BY SeVEN -
7b norHtNél BUT You’ve
mu, GOT THE WHOLE
ggcoND Hm} To 60.

> i

k/

 

L.

BUT stir; CALLED ME A
Too L NOSE",LAUGHEDIN MY
Mag AND THREHTENED
ME wrrtt not)th HARM
{F t 6002 SPOKE iict‘i '

Arnold .totjttc.‘
,) ’ ~
9 (1L. '  e

How ABOUT Fﬂt/A'f/r' Rik/At

I

WITH TWO sewan ﬂ
RemrttNtNG tNTHE GAME;
AND vouPr‘oNL‘l DULUN B‘t
mace to uut 17°sz ?

         

l

 

 

 

HHRD MRKINGIWOUSI

APPRECIATlVE 0? THE

EDUCA’TtoNAL SYSTEM.
D

 
 
   

    

".
06

 

 

on MYLEFT ,THE tomcrmrerm wttttt' am i Dorrie SCHOOL

 

W0 NEEDS Ni Emotion
anyway _? t Uttth money!

Tltti‘l JUSl DON‘T MAKE

  

 

J. B. Scone

November
2] New Riders of the Purple Sage
22’ Thin Lizzy
Hulla-Baloo

Nouember
21 The Works and The Hooligan Band
22 Dakota

On Campus

All on-campus movies are shown at
7:30 and 10:00 pm. on Friday and
Saturday nights.

Albany State Cinema

Star Treleri. only) LC18

Tower East Cinema
Hide in Plain Sight (Fri. Sr Sat.) LC7

lnt'l Film Group

Fist 0/ Fury (Fri. only) LCl
You Can't Take It With You LCl
Cine 1-6

1 Ordinary People

The Elephant Mun
Silent Scream

The Boogey Mun
Beyond Death '5 Door
it's My Turn

Chm-AWN

Hellman Theatre

 

 

 

R

 

REE;

 

 

“DEAL STUDENT5 UKE
mom Tor

   

 

 

 

Fantasia
Cine 5 Colonic 1&2
1 The Stunt Mall
2 Oh Heavenly Dog
Cine 7
Private Benjamin
Madison

Somewhere in Time

Listings compiled by Elise Newman

 

iiriwut‘ri .ittiius

 

Collegiate (Ii‘ltlti—S

  

 

ACROSS

flower parts
blunders

‘ietghbor at
lnnnessee

Very learned

Ad —— (In propor-
tion to the value)
l'xpartoncr-tl person
‘tutfir. tor meteor
"l’lt-ttuv tinn't viii.
the ~“

l‘dlt llt‘t  statisttt
(abhor
it sent. wM'.
Ellwptrtni

liui liter“. (tuttii l,
for short
fttrrlmt’tnn Ll‘llil:
l’rt:lir tin" vtitir
u'nnriimi

l,ttltll uncr-

Arztur wtto‘nlaymt
‘tlnl l/ Flint-tut
llt-t‘ltlillltlj' tut
int/artt

. ‘tlt-tlitlt‘ lldtl.'t

IN. t't turroli Tlili
{tttm tttm, .__.

43 Matt beverage

45 Large trucks

47 iiavinngings

{til Bert supports

50 Type of review

51 Nothing

52 Paige of baseball

54 fresh

55 Lively, intrinsic

57 Work at [Wu

5‘) Noel fat

(20 Story teller

6] type of Crit‘ or
french city

tr? 'Lchonl supnllcs

DOWN

—— gram

2 feeling ill meat
in
NH .L‘. L’li'l

"i ftnninh port

‘5 Cooking fat

6 Darth,

/ tit-ironic

13 City on tile Sotmte
l/l Oust:

15 Pass a law

20 — Paulo

23 More dishonest or
disreputable

lice reliever

mm
\un

29 Afternoon TV, for
short
31 Stupefaction

33 "———-'s on first?"
36 Steinbeck's hirth- 12
place, in ii. Cdlll.

37 Candy piece

38 —— Sea. in 'inttlil-

urn California

1it) issue forth

Conn! ruct ion worker

41
42 Semi Clr‘rlt iar ~—

'14 in..ri 'lt: r-~— .l s"

46 iii Horton‘s v10!-
place
411 Duke Ellington”,
loll"

ii linguimll scoreboard 49 Jewish itil'til

lniortrmttnn
9 V-lfrli't' specialty
'i

" ‘.p.tnlsh room

u!

u‘
w

inn-t at a tlintlock ’rft (ilti it show.

(a win.)
ll tiltmtnr't

tart"

t1:
525 titratirtrtc. tor short

Part of a highrlse

int t tan rock singer

WCDB 91-FM
Friday: 4 p.m. Rockpile singles
winners drawing at the
Record Co-op.

Sunday: 3:00 p.m. Rockpiling
Contest at SUNY circle,
10:00 pm. “Notes from
the Underground."

midnight Suspense

Radio Drama.

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

Judaism if one is open enough to share in

its celebration. We invite you, Ellen, and

other perplexed Jews to experience and ex-
plore Judaism with us.

— Jonathan L. Hecht

’ — Brett E. Cohen

, ignored , , I
To the Editor:

Obviously, last Friday's ASP (Nov. 14)
feature on religion could not give equal and
extensive coverage to every religious group
on campus, but there is one group that is
quite unique in several respects that has
never been given more than ﬂeeting ntictt»
tion — the Atheists Ecumenical Council
(AEC). 1

Perhaps the reason the ABC has main-
tained such a low profile is the nature of the
group. It is not a club — there are no dues,
officers, trips, dances, etc. — and there is
no recruitment, prosclytizing. or
evangelism whatsoever. in fact, it is not
even a religious organization at all! Nor is it

 

' anti-religious, it is simply nonreligious.

Our meetings consist of quiet, rational
discussions of any topics of interest to those
present, unburdcned by dogmatic. rcstric»
iivc. outmoded beliefs. What makes thctn
unique? All of the participants arc atheists.

"Atheists." Say it. it's not a dirty word.
We're not Communists or criminals, rapists
or robbers, murderers or muggcrs. We ili'c
intelligent. rational people who do ttot fch
tltc nccd to invoke any supernatural entities
or ttctivitics to explain our universe, or help
us live in it. “Atheist” means “one who is
without god;" it is a passive thing — we
don't believe their is a deity, and we don’t
believe there's not a deity. Atheism does
not require an active belief; it has no prin-
cipics, tcncts, dogmatu. or other artifacts
which litnit lhougltt and potential.

We consider ourselves very open-mindcd;
we are quite tolerant of the beliefs of
others. and are strong supporters of
cvcryonc's right to believe. think, and
speak as he or she wishes. if everyone
thought that way. this world would be at
tnuch niccr place to live.

— Steven J. Schlff

— Robin ll. (-‘crtsis

Atheists Ecumenical Council
Hopeful
To the Editor: I ~ I

i feel compelled to reply to Ellen Weins—
icin's coiutnn of November 14.

i came front a home with about the level
of observance of Ellen's, although i was
sent to Hebrew school. When i was a pre-
teen. i began to think that G-d, as an orn-
nipotcnt force, could not exist. but that
people themselch were special and sucrcd.

Acting on my belief that i should dcvotc
my life to helping others. i began doing a
lot of volunteer work in a nursing home—
typc ward in a veterans‘ hospital. There I
saw old tncn disrespecth and unwanted by
society. lwondcrcd. why bother taking care
of tltctn, since they led unproductive lives
and did not make a contribution to sicicty?
l began to wonder what was the basis of my
belief that all people were sacrcd, which I
somehow intuitively knew must be true.

l‘uiso began to question what was the
basrs of our moral code. What is absolute
about morality, if it (1033 not come frotn an
ﬂbsolutc origin? For example. Hitler and
the Nazis truly belicved that tttc extermina-
tion of gypsics, chs, and Slavs would
bcncfit the rest of the world. What littlth
their belief wrong?

As i continued to do social service work.
these questions remained with me. 'i‘hc
“5”” “l "W searching for the tillMVCt't t)\.’ci
thc'pttst eight years is that l have mint- to
beltcvc itt G-d more and more.

' My ltclicf itt organized religion tlt'vciopctl
luster. On non-Bar Mil/Valli Suhhtttlr. “H it
full JOY m be witlt a group of pcoplr: who
“WC your history and hcritrtgc and who tut-
‘l'lcf‘lllllllg With you to (lcvclop tht-it
“p'rllllﬂllly ttttd reaffirm timt there is rt
walnuts and a purpose to their lives.

c are not islands; in order to have it

 

 

 

 

 

society. and in fact. in order to be human
we each need the support from a communi-
ty which recognizes us as worthwhile
human beings and from the subgroup
within it, our close friends. who provide us
with a more intense emotional support
when necessary. Psychologically, the
respect and support from others (call it
love, if you will) is essential for every
human being. The “team effort" provided
by the group religious experience fulfills a
deep human need.

Ms. Wcinstein implies in her article that
society needs improvement. How can this
be done without the team effort of those
who believe that others are worth helping
because they are sacred and special. which
is essentially a religious belief?

A disturbing comment that Ellen makes
is “if anybody with power and good inten-
tions the He is reputed to have wouldn't
have let the world turn ottt like this."
Rcligion believes that (i-d ct'catcd people
with inlclligcncc and the ft'cc will to dctct-
rninc thcir own actions. it is trot (i-d who
madc tltc world like this. but man becausc
he did not use his intelligence to mttkc the
right choices. it is Ellen's intelligence that
causes hut in doubt (i—tl its she thinks anti
questions her which for it meaningful life.
it is her intclligcncc that will bring liCl' to
(l-ti. i can scc that shc is ttlt'cttdv on the
way. i
— Sitttrun Long

Grieyed

To the Editor:

As i read tltc Aspects section of the ASP
on November 14, 1 was very distrcsscd by
tile center foidont. in particular the article
by Ms. Wcinstin cttttscd illt.‘ the most gticf. i
call appreciate ltct views on Judaism, but
why did they have to be put ittto print? All
this did was portray Judaism as n
hypocritical religion with no redeeming
vnlucs.

NowI grttntcd, there is it titttc and it place
for cvcrything, but i vchcmcntiy feel that it
was neither for Ms. Wcinstcin's article.
Perhaps if this article had been alongside an
article by an agnostic person of another
faith. i would not have been so opposed to
the article, but this was not to be the case.

i ltopc, in the future, that no cause, or
religion. be presented in us biased a way :15 l
fch Judaism was presented this past
Friday. l’crhttps i am being overly
paranoid. For the sake of my religion.
i hope so.

 

 

— Jeffrey 1,. Schnlmnn

III regard to the criticism the ASP has
received. we feel it is necessary to explain
our Vll’lt‘lltlllll. In using/tint: stutter concern-
ing JSC-Ilt'llc/ (1an the Crunpus' Crusade for
Christ, we did not seek to research every
religious group — m (In so would he int-
possible (luv to limited space. Ambiguith-s
would still exit! at It) W/lt'l‘l‘ In draw the line
between "religion" rtntl "hmtht'rhrrorl."
Ins/earl, we chose tufut‘ux on two pron/1x —-
the largest. and Itltl.\‘/_/t’f\'t’lll # us ('.\‘rlltl/l/('S
of organized religion u/ SUN 1'21.

W - apologize to anyone who feels that
IlttH were either Inlst't'II/‘ttvt'ltIetl or Inn/er]
by our interview. As it rule, uur write/:5 are
not familiar with the final layout pit/111th

The stories lt’t'l't' intended It) quk into the

background. t't)IlI[)l).SlIll)Il, unrl tI/‘yttlilztl-
lion of I/il‘ two grim/n, uml Wt'iltltit/ hr our
opinion that there .tlo/‘irn' p/‘rrvirh'tl ohjt'c-
livr' accounts: We did not 'ftttil” in our in-
tent.

As the llt’fh/l’ll/lll‘t' ,ttu/‘lto limp/r out/mull

the structure of those groups. Aspects u/w

mug/II t0 pull/[Alt u Alt/net'lit't' (ll/lt'lt'. ll’t'
Itt'tlltt'r cum/chm mn' rum/th Illt’ opinions
(‘.\'[II‘t‘.i.Yt.‘t/ ln‘ Ala. ll’t'ttlitcin, lmt it wmyust
thrtl --— (III opinion. il’t'_lt'// Ihu/ it wax in-
Ir'I‘tuIi/I}: Inn/t'rtu/ tit/(vim: u t'l‘lllt'lA/li it] u
religion '5' .s‘tr'ut'tult'.

We urge tt’Iivl’ rum/mt. who went so highly
disturbed try out p/‘tot'ntutlott to t‘,\'llllllllt'
their own Ulll’II’IIlI/ltlt'llllt'i\I'ftﬂ’.Sllllll'llllt’ to
suggest that u .tl/Il_i' not he printer] it uh llli~
purlunt t'nrlir'u/ion of that [)t‘l'SlHI ‘.\' Inc/t of
respect for others ' npinirnn. ._ [5,].

 

Pressure Your Profs.

By Monday, a better picture will be formed as to whether
students Will continue to be on University Senate after this year.
The faculty has been given a referendum to consider and the out-
come will begin to set a tone for the actual vote, which will take
place in February. '

Student representation on Senate is essential for the University
community. A true Senate must be comprised of representatives
of all those being governed. To exclude students would only limit
the wider spectrum of thought that they offer. This would cause a
loss to the legitimacy of the Senate.

Our student Senators have proven themselves more than “lor—
thy. it" there is a correlation between attendance and commit-
ment, students clearly belong as much as their faculty counter-
parts.

The present structure is not ideal by any means. Faculty
representatives outnumber students by more than three to one.
To further cut or eliminate student representation would be a
disgrace.

Obviously. those tncmbcrs of the faculty who are strongly op-
posed to student representation are more likely to complete the
referendum. We hope our allies on the faculty will show strong
support for students on Senate.

We urge all students to remind their professors to return the
referendum with a vote for students; that being continued Senate
representation.

 

 

— REG
— SAG
AS sat
and [L1 cuatt'ue magazine t

Ell-bucked ill I,“
Rich Bah-I. Edit”! ltl‘CIneI
Rob E. Grubnau. Managing lfrluut

Nua- Edltnv . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Sylvia Saunders
A-Iocl-Il New. Edllnrl . Andrew Carroll. Susan Mtlllgnn. Beth SEX"
ADP-til Edltorl . . . . . . . Rob Edelsteln. Ronald Levy
Auotlato ASPccta Edllal . . . . . Joanne Wellrer
Bound Ir Vlalon . . . . Ed Ptnka
Crutlv- Ana . Sue Gerber
DI-lgn Ir hymn . . . . . . . . . Ronald Levy
Sport- Edltor . . . . . . . . . . . . Bob llellnltote
Aa-ocl-II spam Edlton . . . . . . . . . . . , Marc Hsspu. Larry Knlnt

 

    

 

Edlloﬂll Pan-a Edna! ,. . . . . . .. .. . . Steven A Greenbwg
cm EdIlor .  . . . . . .. . . . . . . . .. MitchellA.Gtecbel
surly/mm: I...“ llttilllgliu. l’nittttn Iltnttluy. llohltt Brown. Beth Catltmamln. Ken Cantor. MIrIIaL‘l Carmen, Anne Cavntlﬂglt.

thil('ttltt’ll.Slittlttlll‘tllt'.l|\dl)l:l1vlllllAllt.Jllll Dixon. Judie litsenburg, Mark l'tschettl. Bruce Fox. Maureen George. l‘rrmk .1. (ill
Jt ,Kt-n Gordon. \Vllilllev Gould. for timber. Mnilllewllutfdntl, Wmuicli Hetltlull, Michele lsrncl. James Jail». Amy Kantor. Lany
Killslllrlii, 'ium l.tttlik. lirutr- Levy. .lnuws Matkutsts. William 0' Brien, Wayne i’eetelmont. Mark Router. .leil Sclldtlull. limhnta
Ht Imulltrt, l‘tml Htltmtnz. hilt' Smith. Laurel Strltrlttutt anll: l Pflvllll Edllont Mdlll’ Gmbarlnu. September Kleltl

Dabble Kan. liuxtntvss annp'r

Jnlll't Dreiiuss

Adv-"Illnn Mill-gel ..... . . . . . . ..
Hermie Brown. Mlllnlll llnspler

Bllllnn Accuunllnl
Compnllllon Mlnlnu . . . . . . . Hayden Cnnltlll
out“ Conrdlnltu' . . . . . . . . . autum- Sim-m

u.l.lx51vvr(ﬂlllll‘l,litth'thttl/ Clauithd Manunun Supt-nnbtn Klein Adv-nl‘ -. . sud-won "Ill-II“! Mane Anne
('trimvttn. 'itmtmy (ll'igt'l Advent-Inn Produnlont Dianne (iiarotn, Mll‘llt'lr' iu . ausan Kaplan. Mara Mendelmhn. Laurie
manhunt, titrtttlvu .‘iutigvtnlt. Kathy Udell 0"ch Built Wt‘lltly lletkt't. limit tilt'l. Ter'y Click. llolrln Gteenhcrg, Pan-(la
Krill. Alli'lil‘ Kulltrwti/

llaydan Camila. Donn Bat: l'Intlur/ltm Mottugt’n

Vortlcll Cum-r. Elissa lll'flt
Pl'll'uplhlll’llilvllili‘llllnll,Alllvnlnlllll,I‘llllllllsnl'lSld'lll,l)"l)”|‘yl|lllll\.(hilll‘tlbllllilllulll‘y,[)5Vy1‘lll‘nl‘llnulﬂltTv’h‘.xcﬂli)l
lltnv. lltm'tnmy l errant, Mttltt' (intlttnlno. St-ptr‘tnln'r Klein. Hmham Nul1n. Cniltlt- llvnn. [Jule Srhttt'ltlvt. Latttle Wnltt-ts, CIIIIII-
leurr Mttrlt Ituiwnt

Photography, .‘rtt‘itrln rt ,utmtptttt, mt tlmrrtvmnr i't.. i tin mitt
Chlll Photograph-rt limit I .mnunl

lll’ﬁ fill": lJtttn' Ast’l-t-t. Alan t 'ttltrtn, it'tul ('hnn .‘r'tt'tn' l nt'n. Mtlw l-nnt'll. Mini lit‘ilvk Nort‘ litrrlttrlu'l. Iluunne Kulttlult. Hutu!
‘~.‘t horn Mtul Ntnlit-t .‘nmtt .‘rtummmp. lull" l'trsxtutrttt, Will Yutntun

m- Allntny .‘rttulr'ttt In... it ,mutttt. .I put-w tummy and tv'tttttty ttmmt, nw .t-tttrttt will try the Alllmiy aunt-m t-tt-tt. L‘orpnnuton.
.m illtll‘llt'lltlt'lll tttti ltri pmtn trillhtltlllllll Ititttmttls mtv u Hllr'tt try iln‘ Mum m tine]. pullt'tt n ruby-rt to mil/mu luv the lftlttonai
Il‘ltllil

Illtnlttlgt tunnel.»
Allntny .‘ilurit-nl l'tl'u. (72.139
Milli Washington Attt'
Alirtrn v. '
[filth d57-H8‘12l.

  
 

,.

E

 

 

    
  
    

 

 

 

