  
   
 
 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
   
    
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
   
  
 
   
    
 
 
 
  
     
    
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
    
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
   
    
    
   
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 

 

 

 

 

The Last Wor

Reagan

Jeffrey Shapiro

On October 17. there appeared an no
cellent article. in this space, by Mr. David
Priebe. rebutting my arguements in favor of
Ronald Reagan. Contrary to what Mr.
Priebe seems to believe. however. neither l
nor Governor Reagan have ever advocated
supression of opposing view. Rather. I
welcome dissent. Mainly because I can
make Governor Reagan‘s positions even
clearer through my rebuttals.

Mr. Priebe feels that my brief discussion
of Marxism was a sign that “such
arguments are not politically respectable in
this country." He then jumped to the argu-
ment that limiting information limits solu—
tiuns. In reality the fact that l dealt only
brieﬂy with this topic is a sign that l am on—
ly human. As l have said in an earlier coi-
umn Marx was a very complicated and pro-
lific writer. Dds Knpllal alone is a three-
volume work with over one thousand
pages. A writer able to do a just criticism of
Marx's work within the thousand word
confines of this medium would have to be
much more knowledgeable and articulate
than I (not that that‘s hardy. There are
many books refuting Mar7.'s arguments.
however. Many of these can he found tn the
SUNYA library. l invite all students to read
both Marx and his critics and decide for
themselves.

Mr. Priebe then claimed that Governor
Reagan. as President of the Screen Actors
Guild. “led the ﬁght to persecute actors
suspected of Communist tendencies." This
is inaccurate. What Ronald Reagan led was
the ﬁght to prevent a deliberate Communist
takeover of the union. That Reagan acted
to stop this is a credtt to him.

Two conclusions were drawn from the
episode. it seems that Ronald Reagan
classes ideas in thc "ideologically bankrupt
‘good and evil' fashion." I‘m afraid that
Mr. Priche will have to classify me. along
wtth Governor Reagan. as a “reactionarr.”
if we refuse to recognt/e the different-c bet-
ween good and evil. if we go so far as to
deny that there is a difference. then civilita-
tion as we know it ts in very serious trouble.
I will admit that ideas alone cannot. with a
few obvious cvccptions. bc classified as
good or evil. Citric-tnmcnts based on ltltﬂ“.
however. can he very good or \cry L‘\ll.

Unfortunately. vyc are forced to deal u llll
some evil govcrnnrents ;t~ much as thct
disgust us. But others not only crtslttic their
own people. not only hold then \Ile'l tta«
lions :aptivc. but cttllllrltlﬁlll) fool. it
spread their empire of darkness ‘I lit‘ chrcl

Defended

offender of our age. the new empire
builder. is the Soviet Union.

To recognize this. fact is not a “threat to
the freedom of thought" but a defense of
democratic tradition. Mr. Priebe feels that
facing the truth “closes (Reagan's) mind to
new and possibly helpful ideas. it . ggests a
dangerous intolerance to those who
disagree with him." (Reminder: during the
primaries. President Carter said that any
criticism of his handling of the hostage
crisis was un-American.) l feel l must re-
mind Mr. Priebe that there is a difference
between the consideration of and the ad-
vocation of ideas. As to Mr. Priebe‘s se-
cond clause; if he i. suggesting what l think
he‘s suggesting. that Ronald Reagan will
take active steps to silence his critics; then
Mr. Priebe is coming very close to malicious
slander.

His second conclusion is that Governor
Reagan would “discard the arms-control
process" and be unable to refrain from
starting a nuclear war. Ronald Reagan has
never advocated the general cessation of
arms control negotiations. What he has
proposed is to discard the SALT ll agree—
ment. This treaty. condcmncd by most of
our tnilitary leaders and strategists. places

 

 

 

Bad Investment

To the Editor:

The following is the text of an advertise-
ment printed a few weeks ago in the New
York Times. I feel it would be beneficial for
the university community to read and con»
sider the questions being raised.

Mr. Carter. Mr. Reagan. Mr. Anderson:

Last year. the United States gave
5821000000 to the United Nations. And
yet. on major issues of American foreign
policy interests. has the U.N. been respon-
site?

How do you feel about the U.N.‘s irn-
potence in confronting the Smict takeover
of Afghanistan and the threat posed by
some 100.000 armed Soviet troops (in Iran's
borders. within striking distance of Middle
East oilfields? Or. its ineffectiycncss itr
dealing with Iran's seizure ot American
hostages?

How do you feel about the U.N's lack of
attention to the Sovict's brutal stprcssiori
of'dissidcnts. Christians. and Jews . . . and
the U.N.‘s silence concurning human rights
violations of the Kurds. Berbcrs and
milltons of beleaguered people in (am-
bodia. Vietnam. and Timur!

Hovv do you lccl about tltc l'..’\. having
become a hospital forum for lllL’ Pl 0. tr
terrorist organization that supports MHIL‘I
cypansrtinism and sucks to lL‘dl down our
democratic trrsrrtntiorts'.l

 

us in a restricted and inferior position in
contrast to the Soviet Union. What Reagan
proposes to do is build up and modcrntzc
our forces to a level comparuhlc to Hit
Soviets and then negotiate a new ttcaty
which places equal constraints on both
sides.

Mr. Priebc also seems to think that
weapons are the only way to combat the
Sm‘icts. This is not true. We can combat
Smict aggrcsston by cxtsttng, \\'c
Americans. by openly disagreeing \\tlh out-
another. by constantly ctitici/ing ottr
leaders and pttblicly advocating ncu
govcrrimcnt policies and goals. liaic burl!
something very pit-citrus (rut systctn of
govcttrtncnt. practiced by only :r handful of
nations. is a beacon of liopc lut trinclr til
thc world. The ttccdoni affords by our
goictnmcnt ts sotrrctlnng lltd? lllr"~l pt-oplc
can only dtcartt about. Against this Mars
and lcnin ttrc as lltcs to lions.

lhc attack on Rcagarr's women‘s right-
positions constst lllL‘llll) of :r tontlcttrnu-

 

non of lllL‘ tt't'ttr "Stzttt-s‘ Rights." tsrncc ht-
doesn’t like :hztt term I “UllLlL‘l lrou \lt
l’ttchc would react to “lcdctnltsnr” or “tbc
' nth nntcndmcnt"r. :rn ;rtt;r.l. on l’htllr~
Sclitrfly. who. to my knowlt-tlcc. is not lllll'

 

titttg lot ptt'sitlcrrt. and :t tcrnml. .tlmnt ttrn-
dztnicntaltst support for thc tatntlv.

Mr. Pricbc thcn attacks (iotcrnor
Reagan's ccmonric \!L’y\‘- by slttllllg‘ that
"most L'ttllltlllllKIK arc skcpttcal of thc l tif-
flct cutvc theory." Rather than play tltc
gatnc ot "my ccononiist. your cconomrst” l
would like to remind anyotic tcnding this
that Jimmy Carter proposes to common; tlrc
sonic cconomtc policies of govcrnmctrt lll-
tcrtcntion and deficit spcnding tlra' huvc
caused our current difficulties. (it tctnot
Reagan. on the other hand. I‘lltil‘ltNL‘s ricu
ideas and specific goals to tc‘\tl.tltlc lltt‘
ccotiomy. Mt. l’rrcbc also claims that con-
sctizttivcs lek’ torrtcniptttotrs of tlic poor by
“lilanrtng rlic ytctim." (Ull\L‘.\Ltll\t‘\ do
not ich that thc poor .rrc lc~ptrttxtltlc tor
lltL'll plight. R;r.lrcr rt ls lllt' butcnttctulic
gotctnmcnt. by stifling tntt .tttvc. pctr.rlt/-
rrrg sticct'sy. and Llhttttt'ttt‘lllg yttmlll.
\\lllt h is to blame lot rnttt‘t of out ti.tlttitt'\
poycrtv.

In conclusion. I would Itkt' to tlrltct \\llll
\‘lr. l‘rrcbc‘s .oritcntron that “uc cannot
know uhul tRcugtrtt) would do .r~ l’tcsl-
tlt'rt't ” lot \k'ili\ Rottnltl lv‘cttyntt |t.r\ ltcctt
tt'lhnc its ultnt ltts .tc\\~ .ttt' on tr.ttrott.r|
l’\llL~ ll-g Hus bcctr tlll‘-l\lL‘|ll .tntl tot-
tlt. .eltt tn tvplntnrng ln- ctirrlx ( I‘llll,i\l lllls
ttrtl. l’tcwtlt-nt t .lllL'l. who. .tttt-t torn \t'.tr~

III lllL' \\ ltrlt‘ l‘lt‘ttst'. i». still .ttt curt-um.

 

And how do you feel about the U.N. at.
tacks on the ﬁrst step toward peace in lll'c
Middle East in 32 years? A peace (Will‘-
brought about. through American
diplomacy. and now castigated daily Ill
biased and belligerent resolutions? ‘

Not exaClly a peacekeeping role.

In short, gentlemen. what would you thi
to give the US. a better return on it.
$823,000,000 annual investment in lltc
United Nations?

~ Mark (iuryis

American Oil Now

To the Editor:

With the Persian Gulf war tlircatentnv to
stop the oil to the West. President (‘ai .r
says the U.S. is determined to keep tltc (iul'
open. Secretary of State MUskie tyarn~ lltc
situation “could escalate into unthtnkabl:
hostility.H Haven't we had a bcttcr alters
natiyc'.’ Mr. Carter never had any lttrpc tr!
solving the problem. With tr ncvatr-c
outlook at the very beginning of his 1rd-
lllllll\lfdllllll he explained, "The world hu»
only thirty years of oil supplies lcll." ll
answer to the problem was to dept-rid
foreign oil and call (in us to tor
sacriticc. and adjust to a lower «in .
standard of living. He saw only the dart
the end of the tunnel.

A better alternative was c\plarnv;tt‘ t‘.
cticrgy' analyst Milton Copulos. llt- -,~..:
there are 300 billion barrels of oil yet ? - r.
produccd within our ~\mcrtcan btlldt’l‘
enough to support current levels or .t'l.
sumptitin for‘fifty' years without tmpoz' ' .-
onc drop of foreign oil — but "gotcrnrn'."
policies have not encouraged (\ll drtllrrtc Jr
production." Ronald Reagan has long rt.‘
this position but has been milled a: *'
"wise guys" who didn‘t know any mm.
about America's oil reserves than \1'
Carter.

The 500 million barrel Santa litc.‘
ltcld. discovercd in l968 oft ('trlttorrm’
coast. ltzrsn't pumped cvcn onc l‘n"
lrctuttsc of gotcrnrncnt red tape No.» :.
tlrc thuncd permits. -\la~k.t h:- 
L‘slltlllllctl to haw l(I‘ billion '
rccovcrnl‘lc oil — nrorc than trvt 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

1.:

tL'w'HL" of \ crtc/ucla. \lcvito
SUHL‘I [tuitin —— but. 11\ ( opulm pu
only \L'\L'll oil rig» tn Muskn .tl'.‘
tlttcrng.

\ou tlrc Alaska \‘zttural Rc~otrtw~
llltxsrttll (not thc tcdctnl co‘
tcvcnh \lmku ha: t'\ctl rt. w.-

 

.wtt "

 

 

pt'cHotislv l‘cltmctl. \rtrc mint 1.13;
ltcltls lt.r\c tcccntly l‘L‘L‘li l\'ltllvl \‘~ "
qtr.ttc sclt»:clt.tt‘.t production =r

dottrcsttc otl. rhc lullron~ ot

 

\PL'llil for foreign tirl. :wutttt

“U‘lh‘mtvx would rcnrzrrn l.t‘f;i 

t\\\llL‘L'||]‘i\\H\-\.)1I‘ijLt .‘_h\. .“m.. .‘,

 

 

    

; r; ,Ws/ m rte/rig
WﬂY a], WWWb

5' p  .1 - r
. b ' riff/f   r 

rill/til 5/

A116 US 
 A
Wig/“Mi r"

T I  

1’7 .r’f/WS/
KWS/ \

 
 
  

\

W “I: me Mr.

 

ELECTIO
DAY plus 1}?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

rional defense. necessary domestic pro-
grams. counter inﬂation. etc. It would also
give us additional tintc to develop ct‘t‘rc
altcrnalivc‘sourccs of energy to replitcc the p
:ventttrtlly dwindling oil supplies. S

Mr. Crtrtcr's decision to rely on foreign

   

cities. lic proposes cuts itt vital social pro-
grams irt order- to increase tin already
In \vrtstcl'ul ntilitury budget. Carter hits pro-

tisctl so thtit Congress could fund the first
l.5 billion of the $60 billion M-X missile

system. one Trident sub in :1 cost of $l.()87

on to meet our needs has pttt us in tin cx- billion (30 ill'C planned by 1990). and war.

trcnicly precarious situation llllLl ltc hits
wasth four valuable years that could llleL'
been used to substantially boost tllll'

tiontil nuclear warheads art a cost of $1 .filli
billion.

Mr. Anderson. who spoke so eloquently

domestic oil DFOdUCliOH. Who needs in Iowa about his renunciation of lllC Ciulf

another negative an
Critter bungling in Washington \vltilc the r
growing problems overwhelm us'.’ Arircricti t
ncctls i1 leader with definite. genuine
American views; who acts. not merely l
rc
lions. not mauled by them. America needs it
leader audacious enough to find better
alternatives and avoid the economic clittos
and “unthinkable hostility" of l’cisittn
Gulf war brinks. America's destiny is in tlic
littnds of its people on November >1tli.

—— .ltilttt l.. bullivtin

f
A Real Alternative

to llte lidlttir:

Is this going to be another ittclcyttnt clcc-
lion yctu‘. whch issues that affect till of My
site trvoidcd’.’ is it going to be ttn clcctiort
ycttr determined by which cuntlitlntc is ltltitt'
\icitrus in their insults'.’ (‘nr'tct culls ltvngun
rt racist. Reagan cull ('nrtcr incontpctctir.
turd Anderson tells tts that he is lllL‘ only
alternative to the Democrats and
Republicans. Well. it doesn‘t lime to lic
tlittt way. there is a choice. and I don‘t
nrcanr John Anderson,

The Citizens l’arty offers us it tvnl .tltct-
titttivc. We are a progressive putty fotnrctl
by people who ask vital questions thtit otlrct
rutrjor candidates avoid. Carter and Rczrgun
tll’C “puppets on n string." Thcy hnvc to
gtiitr f:tvtir from their pttrty bosses. :nrtl tint
on tr platform which you tutti l but! littlc sit)
on. tind (lllCC in office they cy ctr igntirc lllL'it
pltttl'ornts. Wliilc John Anderson is running
on tut independent litre. it is obvious tltztt his
“unity campaign" is slicer clcction vctn
rhetoric. If he was sincere llL' “tilllll linyc
rttrt its an independent till tilting. tnstcgttl ol
running its Republican in the ptrtnzttrt-s.

'I lit question the Citizens Party. and .t lot
ol other disappointed \tilcls :nc :tskinr'. lV
"why did the till cotnptntics innkc tctottl
breaking profits during :nr ‘ctictyy trrst‘.‘
.nitl cctinotnic recession?" .\lt . (1n tct littlcs
bclritttl ()l’li(‘ itt explaining the cnctgv tllalv
irrstctrtl of putting forth tiny proposals for
long»tcttn development in
Ruttitnn's support for ttttclctrr povvct
r-ttlc :tntl ttnccononticnl ltitttt ol
sltovvs no real solution ttr otrr cttcttvy pro
blcttt. Mr. Andctson now fttvots c\plotntt'
cticrgy. lint \yhrlc iii
22 |ll|llltl|l Ill :nltlr

L’tlctt’), .\lt
.ttn llll

ctrt'tiry.

atltctntttivc forms 0!
( tingrcss he rejected 31
lionttl funding for stilnr cnctgy programs.
The Citi/cns Party candidate. |t.nrv
('Uttttrttinct‘. who is an c\pctt on crictrry :ttttl
4| lutitlcr iii the unlinttclctu trtovcnrcnt.
believes it sttfc form of energy is the only
solution to the energy crisis, Solar cnctrry
trtrtl conscrvntitrtr is nccdcd. not only to help
our tiltcn ncglcctcd L'ttvitonnicnt. but to
bt‘ltt an economy nltctttly litttt by ottt
lnstcttd of spending

dependence on oil.
s that

money building nticlcnr ptivvcr plnttt
tttc tlnngcrtrtts. yttttt l'ttritlitrg ztltctntrttvc
cttcrgy sources such its solar. wood. fluf-
bilge. turd l'nrrrt-pr'otlticctl alcohol.

Another question is “why is our govctnv
lllUlll willing to go ttr wait for big Oil in “It
Mitlettsl. bttt unwilling to wage war rtgttinst
ttthnn tlccuy'l" Mr. Reagan llcllt. us the
KL‘tnp—(iurcin bill is the why to tuvitnlilc tint
L‘ilics. but this bill doesn‘t help the hard—
L'tire poverty that exists in ottr cities. The
bill gives corporttllot
build iii an lnipovcrisl
little to alleviate the
tncnt rate tinrongst bltrck tccttrigct
fttll employment program can
problem.

tctl arcti. but this does
50 percent ttncrrrploy-
s. ()nly it

Mr. Cttrlcr's record Ull tltc llfllilll'pltll-
lrisliig the

blunt is so bad that blacks who were
supporters in 1976
ltim. Instead of giving an

  

is ttiv lit‘cttks if they llil\C

solve this t‘ctillyis,

are turning. tiwuy from
I to our tllllllg

d wasteful four yctirs of of Tolkin resolution. supported the Viet-

itnn Watt ttrttil 1974. and voted for the
icntron bomb itr Congress itt 1977. He

voted tigtiinst the cancellation of lllL‘ ll—l

iotnbct' itt l97ll and voted against n minor

trcts; who will keep America tibovc sittnr- reduction iii the military budget.

There ttrc many question we need to risk

out cttntlidtttcs; l'\c only begun to scrtttclt
lllL‘ snrfttcc. If any supporter of the catn-
didtttcs would like to nizrkc tt rebuttal to my

letter. l have at prtrpostil. Instead of another
lcllct to the ASP. we should htnc tr tlcbntc
on cnnrpns. consisting of tcprcsenttttivcs ol
.1“ tlrc candidates. This wary the issues cnn
lrc coveted more extensively tltttn itt tin anti;
t'lc. ll' supporters of otltct candidates :ttc
\villittg tti ttcccpt this debate. crtll >l57r-l‘)2lt.
lct‘y lime an informed student body so “C
can ttittkc t.ttit\n.tl clioiccs on Noicntbct 4.

—r lluvitl I’ivltnrs‘k)

_______._______
Carter’s Record?

In the Iitlittir:

Inin writing this lcttct to cypress my cott-
cctn ovcr tltt‘ stnlc of this country. Mr.
Mtttrtlotc wishes to defend Mr. L'nttct's
rccottl. .\lny | ttsL vylint tccord he plans on
tlcl'ctiding'.’ llntlt-t .llllllll)‘ ('tutcr's lcanlctr
ship. out cottntty‘ litts bccrt Llll\‘Cll into lllL'
ground. l-lcct .linttny ('tntei again and he
will finish his iob til ruining Atttctictt. It is
tintc for at good. sound clratngc. 'l'ltttl
clittngc cnn conic with the L'lcctirin of
Rottttltl Rcttgntt.

Mt. ('nttcr's ptrltctcs :ttc yttilc nntl oltl
:trnl obviously nit: not working, .linntty
('ttttcr‘s Iotcign policy is itt it shtintblcs.
ll|l\\ Lilll ttnytinc cnll lll\ ttctitins ‘itllllltl
lotciun policy"? luktng ttiscs rind tlcttlnrg
tlicy llll\C is not \Hlllltl

\\lll| thctn \vlrcn
lltt'

lotctvti policy. but incoinpctcncy‘. ll
llttitctl blulcs \\il\ strong and Ill”! .ts ll
tltcsc kll\L‘\ \\llllltl llL‘\L'l ltnppcn.
ltrtcigtt cottrittics \sctc
pcoplc ftorn Ittrn. tnttv l

tlIlL‘L' “ilh.
\\licrr otlrct

L'\tlt|lillllll1 lllL'll
.rsk \tlntt ,Ittntny ('nttct tlitl‘.’ llccnttsc of his
nttly'rncnt \vc \tcrc t'tntghl iti

Ittt’tttttpt‘luttl
ll (.tttct litttl \ittlnltnwn ottt

lltt' tnttltllc.
trotn lt.rn .rt lltc licrztrtnitty tit Ilrc
\yottltln't lit‘ tlictc to
lot sittli rtr

pcoplc
l||tll\lllt'. Ilrc liost.tyrc~
tho lloti t.rn \tc \litlltl
toittpt'lcrttc III \\ .rsltrtrvlon .ttrtl .rlito.t<l lot
lottt trttitc \t'ttrs'.’

llccl It is (l ll|‘-_t'lilt’\ Ior \lt. ( .tttct Iti ttsc
.i polllrt'til tool. ltttlcctl this

lllL‘ lltisl:lt.'t'\ .t»
.tntl ntrlrotly tun tclttlc

t~. \\lr.'tt ltc |~ tlotttt'
It" ttnctl Iln lnrstnr'c issue its tttt
trtv \cnntot lx‘cnncdy :ttttl
pangn. Now.

tlr.tt t:rct. l
cvcttsc not ill tlt-lr
illll il\ illl ("\LIINL' lllll l0 (illll
tlic ltostnt'cs ttvtttn to sttw
lltc Atricttcntr pctiplc :uc

tll'
“L' ~cc llllll using
his poltttctil \hlll.
not going ttr htll hit it again.

Ilrc economy is .t lllcitlcl h'sllc now.
When pcoplc tttc lititl iti tlic pockctbtrok by
pcttcnl itrllttlion and high
tltcy begin to think more
strongly ttlrottt thcntsclycs. l mu ritit sttyittg
the hostages illt.’ itttilnptittnnl. lint nltcr be-
ing lrcltl criplivc lor nlntosl one your. bow
cnn tntyottc take .lttrtrtty L'nitcr sctiottsly’.’

Rotiultl Rcttgttn offers Amcrictt fresh
new ltlUll's.
tty tnountl and put us on I
If Arrtcricttns pttt .llrnnry (‘

tliir t ccn
nnvntploy lllL'lll

ttgztitt.
itt office for
digging tlicit own
llll.‘ sntisl'uctitiri of ktttrw
pnrt irt rcturning the Democrats to tlt
White House. If people would only rcttlil
what an itnctimpctc
wc cttn sttvc this country and tttuk
its future brighter
everybody. I beg of you to vot
right candidate. 'l'httt cundidtitc

Ronnld Reagan.

Mt, chgnn cttn turn this ctitin-
he right track
rtrtcr brick
‘Itrttr' nttirc years. they will be
grttvcs. l, for 0th. will
ittg I had no

nt fool Jimmy Carter
tintl ltrippicr' for
c and vote for
is

—— .luincs Ktiury

Barry Commoner had some thi

and he said them rather well. The 3
Party Candidate speak probably nee
pcllcd to explain for those students w

rigs to say to
00 or so who

An Original Commoner

SUNYA last Saturday night, .
happened to hear the Citizens
(1 little elaboration on it—but i am com-
ho were unfortunate enough to miss him.

It was an event well worth experiencing. an evening of rare ideas; practical
rind philosophical proposals of a kind that you don't often cncounte
presidential political scene. And I was quite uncxpcctantly impressed

This odd rnttn in the candidate

tivist. an outspoken untl uncommonly articulate
democracy." turd unlike the three major contenders,
something different from politics-tts-usunl to offer the Americ

His tnttin thrust is against the corporate

grown too big for its brilcltcs.

The power that governs our lives itt llt

hunch is a scientist and cnvi

the big corporations. and those corporations are guided not by the int

the country its it whole. bttl by n si

nglc trim—that is to lllilxllllltlc

lit the lust few decades. Americtt has seen the expanding strcngt

business tintl the detrimental t‘olc
fans; the destruction of thc zttttotnotnc industry.
on. the Shah‘s welcome in the Chase. the return of draft
itlt the profits of in—

of llllt.‘l‘\L‘llll

lion. nntl ycs otrt wltolc ntilitttry policy is structured \v

tlttstrymnot the |i\cs of the pcoplc~ itt tnintl.

(‘ontntoncr's itlcrts Io ntttionzili/c

curs. stccl) so tltttt \vc cnn ttfl'ot'd
been gaining popnlnr nppcnl \vitl

this ntition may have to trike itt I
but nittg issues of totltty.
ll scents \\ c ntc til :r Cttissl‘ti

crcnsingly tippntcnt vvilli cttcli ncw clc
intcrcstctl only iti tnnintuitting tlrcn own power
tlcly‘ to pressing tlctntttrtls for clinttgc. The titr
betting of nltct ttattivc pin tics----tlcnoting tit

r.

possibly rcspontl titlcqtt:
ripe for the tisc illltl sticngt
ntorc cntltttsinstic cut of politics

The ('iti/crts l’tnty ll‘.l\ sonic inlc
qticstion now is whether ll cant lny the gt't

tlcvcnt ntctlin rcltitions. The

lot .t littintlct putty. llic strpptit’tcrs \L‘t‘lll icut
lllt.’ with it sonic "very interesting times,

to lttll them

it can often play irt world and rtttt
rising costs of energy. wars

til a loss are notions M

l progressive lliittkcts ol' ttitltty.
'l'ltt‘sc urcn't IlL‘\\ ideas by any lllL‘uIlV—ycl they arppcnr to be in tlic
hc trctit future if we nre to resolve lllt.‘ runny

and therefor

ly A nntl thc Intc 1980's

r on the

ronntcntal ac-
advocatc of “economic
Commoner does have
an clcctoratc.

world. which few would doubt has

is country often rests in the hands of

crests of

private profit.

h of big
ional af-

registra-

(L'll'tllll nttijot' industries (rnilrontls. energy.

rich httvc

direction

ntls iti Aniciicnn ptiliticttl time. It is becoming in—
clion Ilittt Republicans and Democrats

'6 L‘illllltll
to may be
tcwer and

resting itlctrs. :ttticttlntc spokespeople. and

ittntlwork
could bi

Rlll

 

 

R
"0b

Mm. Linn"

A..." lntr Mm. nun...
ASP." In turn...

A... tr." Asl‘nt-I.dlttri
s‘ urtrlliVIIltin
(In-IlvrArll

llr-luii it. My..."

.‘ilnnlv turn.
Anon-lair. I
IJHIIHIII a..." Itllltil
Ctipv [dllm

 

  

itlllun

 

5i:llwrtteu:t n I‘. r .
from“... nth m- t
t.rttv..t.tti.w tt. .t...

in...” tar .. .r .  .t... n
H: Prrvlvw l'dlltiu: '-lr

 

I):

Advertl-Inn Man-nu:
lltlllnn Arm-mini“
Compulhlun Man-“u
()"lcc Cuntdln-Ior

lit ll r Hilton

 

sum s
Ilnn Mun. Hutu”
Mm anlolmhn tin...  smut...” t .....rr,-.. s.
littltn. lrrrrt- 4llltl l.i lv'trt/ Arlt‘rw Krillmstl/

   

 

 

II-yden c.

Vutlul c..."-
twtu run-maturi-

P-n ruv: /\triv ton... to...
tom... M....tvt,...t-...m.. arm...

 

‘Vholagnpliy, 'rtr'rliln‘d ,mm tlrtrll‘r my t/nwnrtt
Chi-l Pholnnnphut Huh I umrtutl

‘3 UN manhunt/ruin” Amour... murmur.
c Mrnltxtrtr Mutlt Nnrllcr .‘ittnn .‘iltvtrihtrnp [min I

Iltv Allttttlv Sttrtlt'rtt f'fl‘n ts pttlrlriln‘tl

c .m “unnatural... lull in. “mm unpnnmmt r
ti...t..t

L_,ccﬂ_

 

 

 

and if: cuzult'ue magazine

I‘h nth-hlrf‘vr .,

ll. (irulimlu,'l it

 

litm- knpt. Ht. 

it...“ Chum-d Mun-gm awn-Him. in“... Cnmpoolllontl
ltrtrrtttu twp. AdvtﬂIIIng Produuton: trrmnuv

Allow ll Krillis, lltlull

ninth. Dun Boll

.t. I .m. o... llt‘ltlii'ytmltln l .tt.....si.-,...t..
rlll‘l lslout Htiilitiitt Nrrltrtr Itrttitt‘ Wtilt

f’lmtti .‘ii'rittti

 

t it:

'notru till.

«my tummy mitt tinny tllfllll'] lltu Al mint \‘4'
ttmnints llll.‘ tttllllrrt liv tln-

Muir”... .ttttrrm
Allimtr snrttmr no. r

1400 rostrum...

   

 

 

Gﬂspectﬁ

.r..t

.r tltluv

/\ ‘t.-tt.r1'...r¢t.rt
l( l |.l.‘

 

tr I... (ill

      
 

Limp

i.r.......,.,

llurrtttt lb.

int 4 rltl. l-1tr lrvlt‘l

 

()"k. EIIIﬂt Wl‘lllll/ lint lyrr. llvtfy

I'rurlttt turn M in nu:

ty. rim Iltrtttttllntlsl‘l. Typl-lui t:
. Chlullcun Milllt lIMlli'lll

 

 

I um. Mlle IAHH'“. Mink Htrlelt. Mort Ilt'mtln'l. Iftitrnne
Will thiiuir

m up llll‘ Allitttty .‘ittltfi'
tutor in ('lrir-l. pun-y

it I‘ -
,, .,

tank-.t ltll L Adv-ul-Inn Purdue-

ts inluctt Io mtrrnu by the rtfﬂlllllll

t .rr. Ii.’
r rm. Ill I
It trtiri'W. t
| -I |’

   

 

 

  

i lrlllxllltrt '.
rl ll Mnitlwt- l‘ ‘
l.r - \\.l I‘

.Imtrt [)u‘iltni

.Mr l-lrttittttlittsttlct
ll-tyilr‘tt tannin-
nuuuw hum-us

swirl SthdtiquIlrlll.
lsiotlvr litnyliltrk.

I‘lttsn Heck
llttrik's Cluck

timl Hilly. linu‘nmty

 

 

Kttltikntl. (Intro

"I I’m: L'tirptirnlnitt.

    
 
  
 
   

 

 

t.

.a-....._‘

we: '

 

