 
 

 H}...

 Just What Is 9

   

 

 Leadership I

Misconceptions have arisen regarding the
concept of "leadership." Onefallaey is tltat
great leader is one who has dotte well irt tire
past. Herbert Hoover was an exceptional
Secretary of Commerce. yet his term as pres-
dent left much to he desired. Harry 
Truman. while virtually thrust irtto the
Presidency through tto effort of his own.
became one of America's great presidettts
and pe'haps our greatest decision tttaker.
Our school attd its stttdettt leadersltip have
likewise seen poor students rise up attd ae-
contplislt tttatty ltelpful ncts tltrottglt Student
Association. is past I‘ndership. tlten. trttly irr-
diczttive of tire futttre potential? Are leaders
like Paul l7e|dtttntt. with his estcttsit
kttowledge of student issues. effective
leaders?

Legislation is often the cultttittatiott of arty
elected ol'fieial's term. and best irtdicate tlteir
ability as an experienced lender. Yet is legisla-
tiort passed under a candidate's name truly a
product of ltis work or uterer a staff doctr-
mettt with a candidate's name largely written

on the bottom? Past performance is usually it
poor gtride to the ftttttre pcrfortrtnttce of an
elected official.

A better way of viewing past legislation
nttd ttclticverttcttts is to see what part in tltc
process the leader in question has played. Are
our great leaders spokesttten or are the)
workers? Can yott elect a lender to lcnd you
when his irttportattce irt legislation is tttercly
to assign staff-writer's and tesottrccs nttd then
sign a comprehensive doctttttcttt on the hot~
tom’i is the leader the i-t- -- rt‘lttl‘o "tan in tire
operation or is it the staff writer who gathers
the data and then interprets it?‘

A second mistaken belief is that the irr-
tellectual community which a lender iden-
tifies himself with is n ptedictiott of Iris or her
effectiveness. Despite .lolttt ls'ctrrtcdy's lnttitt
trust. their aspirations for social progress
were ottly itrtplettrcntcd \\llL'll l ytrdott
.lohttsott called upon tttttlt) old fronts that
were long due. .losef Stalin. a tttntr of little
formal education and his group of ndtisots
(who could hardly he cltrttnctct'i/etl ns irt
tellcctunls) led his country front a pcnsrtttt
state itt turmoil to the second (firs . "
lending power itt the world.

Are our gt‘cttt lenders itrstigntors or int-
plentctttors‘.’ lltc pooet tltat we entrust to a
leader is oftctt disseminated to others who we
may not approve of. Why tltett do \tc elect
lenders merely on a rhetorical stntctttcttt of
their til'rjcctivcs'.’ ll' tttttclt of a leader's work
is done by others. \\ll_\‘ tltctt do we place so
tttttclt etttphnsis on the content or what he or
she says? Would it not be better to elect a

 

     

lender based upotr tlte pttll lie or she could
gettcrnle regarding those items ltc or sltc
\"dllls passed?

l‘here are no ttttc itrdicntiotts of great
leadership. All we can go by are pcrsottnlity
traits that we ittterprct us having the possibili-
ty of exhibiting true leadership, A l‘nder
should possess the ability to cotrtttturticttle
with all groups. He or she should be able to
incite. within L'\’t.‘ly group, a feeling of pride
tltnt the desired mission is right for tltnt
group. there should he cscitctrrettt iii the
population iii the prospect of moving for»
ward.

We itt America place too great an emphasis
on past nceontplishtttcttts. A good leader
does not necessarily l“‘vc to have led itt the
past, New positions ' the skills of
those who here t .altlicd for other
nssigttrtrcitts. A lender srrould he able to rise
to a task. bttt also follow \tlrett nee ssar .
Mahatma (iltatuli was a lender who was able
to institute change and lrnse n nation follow
ltittt trot Ir) shouting httt rather by sittittg.
l'hose trnits which he tnlue iii a lender are
often those traits ue ndntite in a good citi/ett
and tr good human being.

l’erlrnps prirtrntily a lender ttntst be able to
look at n system he or she is working itt.
renli/e lls I'nttlts. nrtd he able ttt motivate
clrattgc Itotu \\‘ill1lll. No tuovetttent that has
succeeded in the free world has com' about
through a brief tetoltttiott. l'o lead a group
through itrctenterrrnl cltnrrgc attd to h - able to
ptotttulgatc ttttute ittct'etncntal change is
pt'itttat'y to tire nature of ti ttttc lender.

lit the upcoming \\ccks. our minds attd
perhaps ottr ltcarts oill he attuned to various
political rnccs. We oill he asked. based upon
cntrtpaigu rhetoric. to decide uho will best be
a lender tot otrr causes. Maybe such a deei-
siou should not he hased on the external
qualities tl candidate cshihits httt rather
on lltt'sc internal qualities which n candidate
cntr dtttw ttpott \\llL‘ll \nttllctl ittto n new posi-
tiott of leadership.

.\ gtcnt lender is both a product ofitttct’ttnl
and estetnnl forces. Winston Churchill led
(itctll lititnitt itt \\ orld Wat ll not because he
has a lousy ('ltttttccllot of the liscltequer 20
years helote. but because ltc had within ltittt
those ottnlities \tlttch tttade ltittt a true leader
in n time of crisis. Whether it he :1 school
election or the Democratic presidential
ttotttittatiott. we should rctlicmbcr that a
lender is not one who tncteh hns hrottgltt
pnrt ot trs forunt'd lit the past or Iltc one \tlto

,1
".

 

lrtts sctcntttcd the loudest nhottt rcfot Ill. bttt is
n person who cart Use all of ottt trtlcttts nttd
bring us forward.

  

 

 

f Strong Youth

To the Editor:

i feel that while Charles l'. (iincopelli's
(ASP. Feb. 29) letter brittgs forth some ex-
atttples that are useful, it is also a classic es-
nttrple of sltott-sightedttess. liy this. I rttentt
to state that. throughout history. we have all
too oftctt failed to use past esperienees‘ to
benefit present-day decisions.

His first premise is tltnt students fail to see
ottr current foreign cottflicts as anything
beyond tltc Vietnam War. While it may be
true tltnt we hate over'sitttplil'icd the issue. it
is a rttatter of putting the dilemma ittto terms
with which young people may relate. He cites
the Civil War protests ot'tlte titans. yet comes
up short of acknowledging tltttt tltat unr'
cotthl ltave been i|\|tltlt.'tl as well. Had not
Lincoln relied on tltc slnttted ntltice of his
Cabinet, p ‘ttCC ntay have beett preserved and
ottr country's most tragic war would hate
beett nott-e\istcnt. Indeed. possibly etety
president irt this nation's _\outtg life. snse
Ni\tltl. has relied all too heatily on strclt ad»
viscmettt. Nixon dug his owtt trenches.
(lint that is a digression front the issue.)

His second premise. that strtdettts are the
major rteglectors of the right to vote. also
fails to pttt the trtntter into the proper
perspective. One ttccd only look as far as
New Hampshire and Massachusetts to see
students campaigning with fervor for the can-
didate of their cltoicc. .lolttr Anderson. lruc.
Anderson is the dntkest of dark horses. yet
this tttny he a sigtr of the s)slctlt which has
always discouraged ottt generation for lack
of an earnest cttrtdidate \\l|t| actually attacks
the issues without circumventing them.

Finally. I do not know his age (I attt IO).
llt vcver. l hid ltittt (and all of those \\lto side
with the established hivmll‘llktltl system of
corporate politics) ttot to uttdctestitttatc the
desire arid the power of youth which once
again seems to be surging. Maybe we are not
so ltypocriti 'al as we are uttderutili/ed.

m Bill (ioodl'ticod

Standards, No Profit

To the litlitor:

On Friday evening. February 29. l attend»
ed a lower l‘ st Cinema scrcettittg of NuI'HItI
Rue. Hoping to enjoy a relasing evcrtirtg “ill!
a good filttt. l was greatly dismayed by the
shoddlttcss of fEC's presentation.

('ortsidcr tltcsc points:

l. The film was corttittttally ottt of focus
tltrottgltout the s'ltossing. despit ‘ angry cries
of otttrage front the nttdiettce. lit a phone
conversation with l'l-ZC‘ l’residetrt l’etc huge].
he stated tltnt ttotltittg could be done ahottt
tltc problem. since the focus on the projector
was broken.

2. fire film itttage t'lttttcrctl up nrtd down
through nhottt ltnlf of cttch reel. l'lte flttttet~

 

 

rttg totally destroyed the timid effect and

distorted the dialogue beyond L'tiltiltrs‘llt‘ll-
sion. Ettgel. who was not present at the
screening. stated that he ktteo nothing about
this problem. and suggested I ltltllttc “Stare
Photo" instead of the group.

3. rite sound \sns so lottd tltnt tlre tllitlogug
and tttrtsic was often distorted srrtlttretttly to
make the filttt unintelligible l \ctl tltottgh|
went back at the beginning of the Iilttt to re.
quest that the souttd be lowered. ttollttttg “us
dotte.

4. liecnuse of technical (lllllsllllls‘r. tt|]|\
one projector was irt operation. “up”...
lengthy delays between reels, .\ \Iltt‘,\ 1m.
should have ended at midnith curled IIL‘;tt

 

one. foreittg me to hitchhike lttnttc. littlth
tltntt wait 45 tttitttttes iii the free/int: Ll‘iti lot .r
late night bus.
i‘he arrogance shown by lzrrttcl nrrtl our“.
itt the group showed no cotttpnssiotr lot llltltc
subjected to tire screening. t)httort.l\, the
only concern of the group is to llllli.t' lltt‘ll
profit margin, whether the film meet. the
harest of standards. l'o those ol its who
believe in cinema as art art form. stti It .tlttl~t's
nt'e contparahle to hanging n i’tcnsso tttrh
Scotch tape or playing Strasinsky llIIttttt'l: tr
transistor radio.
»— Michael W. t now.

The “Toucher”?

To the Editor:

This letter is itt response to n ttorrt pnr'c
rtews story concerning at Pine llrlls
"burglary." i would like to set the student
cotntttuttity rigltt on this incident. I wts the
woman who was tlte \ictittt of the nttncl.. .lllti
I know the truth ltns trot been told, lht~ r.
trot a fair warning to the women of lltt' ~ttr-
dertt ghetto llf‘tt.

l‘ltiswnsttot attattctttptcd l1lll‘glill).ltttt.tll
attentpted tape. A tttatt broke itrto my home
with the intention of sexually nssnttlttnu ItlL',
He began to use physical force on me. rttrltk:
previous Pine Hill incidents, \tltetr he truth/ell
lwastt’t going to cooperate. liy litillllll.‘ |».r.l.
and screaming l was able to scare lllttt ulr
fltis is a different person than the or r .rllol
“toueher.”

l was not alone ill the npnt'tttteut it. 't\
window has been shut for months. loo IItL'tl
also live itt tlt - apartment so I llltrlltJltl l\\.l-
safe. But none ot'tltis de erred this truth horn
entering my roottt nttd ntterttptittg to tape lllt'
He obviously kttew what he was tltlllitt. hr-
knew which roottt was mine. ttlttl he l.ltr\\
ho“ to get lit and orrt of the house \rrt
(prickly. lt upsets rtte to think tltnt this Iltrl
dertt was treated so lightly h_\ the |lll'v I
would like to etnphttsi/c the fact that no
ltouse was secured nttd lte got rtt arrow.
I‘ltttt article was rtteattt to be a watrtitnr .rlu til.
the potetttittl danger to women and i don't
feel that it was handled irt the proper rtrnrrzrtt
l'he thing that l want eset'yotre to Lttott r-
tltnt it rtws a sexual assault. not a lnttnfrrt
locry woman should trike pri ttltllIIII‘ o

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  

 

 

 

 

