 

 

A_\_A \. .

 

F..- ..... MV»“'—"C~. ._

.7.-....m...,.—....,..._ "A

.ritr"'itir 'irirai'-

V. 141‘!)

r . Aspects

  
  
  

um... .__.........,

 

Aspects

_r" “""""M“'J~.Ww-ai"‘ _“.”_

 

~ Sound dud Ill-ion

 

   . mow)...“ W... - - Wow“...
“T'TTT' T 'T' W

[Page 9a '
--—1. .

 

Sound (pd Vision

 

are be blunt, Hal Ashby's Being There'ts
lone of the finest films I’ve ever seen.
The film does not only lend itself to
superlative's, it richly deserves them. Rarely
does one ever have the opportunity to see a

so superbly acted. That it has only received
two Acndemy Award nominations is a crime.
and belies the merits of this remarkable work
of art.

Jm Dixon

Being There marks the first time that
novelist Jerzy Koslnski has ever allowed one
of his works to be adapted to the screen. and if
the reults of Being Tirere are indicative of his
talents as a screenwriter. we may hope for
more. This Is also the first really good film that
Peter Sellers has had since Dr. Strangeloue.
and If any of you who have overdosed on the
idiot‘c slapstick of the “Pink Panther" movies
have forgotten, the man Is a fine actor.
Being There Is a satiric fable that deals with
one of the most terrifying concepts to have
arisen In the twentieth century. a man
educated solely by television. Sellers plays
Chance an illiterate gardener whose entire
life has been spent watching television and
tending the garden of a wealthy (and ap-
parently reclusive) businessman. When the
employer dies. Chance finds himself out on
streets he‘s never seen. armed only with a still-
case full of a dead man's clothes. at remote
channel changer. and what he's learned to
parrot from television.
Chance wanders aimlessly around the
streets of Washington. D.C.. and faces the
very real danger of starving to death until he is
fortuitously struck and injured by the
limousine of a linancier's wrfc. live. played by
Shirley MacClainc. Rather than take the
hapless Chance to fur “iinpvisonal” hospital.
she takes him home. whcri' a it'hltlt’iil physi-
cian is taking Cirre of her dying husband
Chance's self-Introduction of "Chance thi-
gardener" is heard to be "Chauncey (lar-
diner." His simplemiirdcd statvirrenis on
gardening are taken to have great allegorical
significance. Arid since Chance's host Is Utll‘ oi

. .

_M_ar_r§g§ Bl

 

G ‘1 var wonder what lrappeiii'd to Bob and

J Carol and Ted and Alice after they
finished skipping through the streets of Lirs
Vegas srnging "What the World Needs Now is
Love?" Well, they stayi-d lll suiiiiy l../\.
changed themselves into one couple named
Jeff and Mari Thompson, and bc-cami' T'lll’
Last Married Couple in America.
T l. M.C.I.A. is not a sequel to Btvtfrk'i'f'o‘t/I.
in fad it's more like a remake Once again
there's an upper middle class couple who arc
happy in the coiwcirtions of iilttl’ilt‘tl lifc until

NbrkRossier

they see their lricnds' marrragesbcgrn to criiiii
bk: one by one (effectively shown In a series of
weekly football games) As can be expected.
they split tip. taste llli' forbidden fruits of sex
rial liberation wrihout going too far. (as if the
siiiirlririties aren't enough. it is wife swapping

 

"Be-ins 'l'her

movie that Is so visually rich. so magnificently .
crafted, so wittily and intelligently written. and .

    
   

Peter Sellers In “there” In Hal Achby’a
late-t work. Being There.

America's wealthiest “King—Makers." he even
gets an opportunity to impress the President of
the United States. .

The plot develops slowly. completely In
dependent of slapstick ploys and gratuitous
one-liners for laughs. It Is a combination of
situations and the built-up absurdity of the plot
that makes Being There the marvelously coin-
ic film that It Is. Chance's personality. utterly
the result of television. is revealed iir his reacv
iions. riot in the impersonal narrative devices
that could have made the plot a cold case
study.

In a sequence both lrorllcally funny and
subtlety frightening. Chance. accosted on the
street try a gang of black youths, reacts by pro-
ducing his channel changer and pushing the
button. It gets laughs. as it should, but the im-
plications of his action are actually scarey.
Scllcrs pulls off the scene as though he were
Mr. Spock. confronted by a situation that
defied the laws of physics. Unable to change
the channel, he walks away.

ln most of llit‘ movie's settings. television
sets are discreetly In evidence. From time to
time Ashby contrasts the action of the plot by
inturspcrsing clips of television shows and
commercials. spreading them across the big
screen iir closeup. This lras the effect of ac-

tlrat stops dull and Mari just as it stopped their
four cinematic ancestors). and then UllllL‘ for a
status giro affirming ending.

This is one of those movri-s that really isn't
hurt by the predictability of its plot. It's not the
action as much as the characters' reactions to
them that |)iiiVltlt’ the entertainment. and this
film is ft)l'llll|iilt‘ in having a sparkling cast for
all its rules. (icorge Segal and Natalie Wood
me May and intelligent as a couple caught up
in tliL' turmoil of changing times. Both an.I long
same can be said for the mostly divorced sup-
porting cast including Richard llenjaririrr.
Marilyn Sokol. Arlene Golcnka. and Bob
Dishy. “Dill Deluisu is quilt: funny as a. are
you ready. porno star married to a hooker.
Valerie Harper has been trying to bury her
Rhoda Image with a variety of adulterous film
roles and her line performance here should
help piit a few nails in the coffin

The main difference between this film and '

 

 

 

 

   

Gnome Sen-l
in the hulbund.

tually diluting them, as the tmage's limited
resolution and range of color emphasize their
insipid banality.

Top calibre acting flesh out the. script on all
sides. Chance's patron: played by Melvyn‘
Douglas (who has won an Academy Award
nomination for his part and deserves the Oscar
for it). is far more than the two dimensional
character he could have been. Douglas does
justice to the well-conceived role. and actually
makes his wealthy capitalist alter-ego likeable l
and understandable. Jack Warden. as the
President. has a more overtly comic role,
which he runs away with. Shirley MacClaine
hasn't been this good in years.

Ashby. who has always been a good direc-‘
tor. has shown his ability to be a great one.
some of the flaws evident In his more recent
films are missing In Being There. Where the
musical score in Coming Home was perhaps
too pervasive and distracting, the score in Be
Ing There is more discreet and perfectly com-
plements. rather than dominates. the action. if,
some of his camera angles were unfortunater
chosen. the perfectly composed images of Be-
Ing There show a total control. If in the past his
backgrounds. like the music of Coming Home
too strongly intruded on the subject matter. he
has no such problem here.

Being There. as a point of fact. Is perhaps
the finest photographed film since Stanley
Kubrick's Barry Lyndon set new standards in

Shirley MacCluine cuddle. up to the dyin

e: Ilo'sc'atlc AcAII

color cinematography. The elegant. formal
compositions emphasize the film's deep. rich
colors. and are arranged in some of the best
editing of the year. rivaled perhaps only by
Apocalypse Now.

Beyond Its merits as both an entertaining
'and excellently made film. Being There points.
out. In a beautifully discreet and quiet manner.
the hazards of our most pervasive and
dangerously pOWerful medium. Chance is a
completely passive man. "who only wants to'
watch." He is spurred on to action only by the
immediacy of action on television. extending
even to love-making. in the midst of a roman-
tic tryst. brought about only by Chance's see-
ing a love scene on television. Eve asks
Chance what he likes. She. thinking he means.
'her when he says hellikes to watch. oblig-
ingly masturbates for him. while he goes back
to his show. As Paddy Chayefsky and Sidney
Lumet indicted television to Network by
showing an exaggerated fable of the inside of
the business. Kosinski and Ashby do much the
same by showing Its results.

Being There is simply. an excellent film. and
one that will probably irot be a huge hit. To ex-
hort everyone to run aird see it seems Insuffi-
cient. It's a quiet film. that is funny.
devastating. ironic. I think it's a masterpiece.
While not everyone will agree with me.
everyone owes It to themselves to see if l'm
right..

   

     

r

' Melvyn Douglas. '

  

r.

g “king-malted

 

Douglas, MacClulne. and especially seller: excel! in their portrayals.

 

 

 

 

 

i3&C&T&/\ is the handling of sex. The first
was made in l‘io‘) and tried. though rather
unsuccessfully. to ho “loose. laid~buck. open.
and today" about thcI sexual revolution. This
film. howi-vui. madi' eleven years later Is
almost puritanical iii its raunchlnt-ss. Everyonv
talks about ‘a‘x and very often they do
something about it. but most of the talk and
the action is done between thi' married

~ coupIi-s When they split up. the men grow

iinpotunt and the women lit‘i'tllilt' dissatisfied
It scams as if inririiagi' is lltt' only way to lt'rtfl a
satisfying wx llft' Iii'spitc ii)Ii‘ritlt‘Ittltlt‘ ttttilt‘

language this Is a totally inoffi'iisivr iilm.,

There's a curtain innoi t‘lit t’ about it livr-iyoni'
sounds like chal's son Wltt‘ll in, talks about
"bare tits " ‘l'licy'ri' funny and cute rather lliiiil
disturbing.

For all Its good points The Last Married
Couple in Alttt'i‘lt‘ﬂ can't overcome the one
obstacle that sci-ins to defeat lllt! majority of
movie comedies ~ it starts out well. very well.
hirt somewhere along "11' line it just runs out of
steam. it might well be the influence of televi-'
sion. Most of the plots of movie conic-dies
could easily fit Into a half-hour sit-com fortitul

mi

  
   
 
    

For Better or "For Worse

 

Natalie Wood
is the wife.

 

yet they're dragged out for llli'l't' or four times

that length. ThcI good ones. like l'ft'fIUL’li Can

Wait. Skirting OtiL’t’. and The Goodbye. Girl.

are able to use the extra “MW in their advan~

Iago. biit lllt’ bad ones. 'i'lir' (.‘irirup iJL'tcctiui'
or l‘lirro at Large for vxaiiiplv. lose control so
early that they but-omi- cirrhar‘assiirg bor‘i-s.

T.l_.M.(.'.f./\. falls sonrvwlieri' in the middli-
and l'lii not ‘rltit' Wllt’lt' llit' blami' should go.
I'm Ilit llllt‘tl to think llii' problem is with John
llt’i'lltriit Shani'i's script ltt't'illl‘rU llli' cast and
Dirt-i tor (lllltt’tl (‘ati'n try (and usually suc

ci'r'il) to l(t't'|t llit' pacc first illlll flurin t'Vt'it
Wltt'ii llll' scrcunpliiy is dull and slow 'l'ltt'li"'r
nothing ovi'itly wrong with tlrc script. in fact
a lot of it is tllllll! funny lint toward lllt' rind.
roughly the last lralf‘hoiu or forty fivi' Illlllllll“r.
it just doesn't play right. Not playing riglrl
doesn't lilt‘illl it's bad lit'L‘riilBﬂ' this Is a lot mon
sopliisllcati'd than most of Mir t'iliiti'tllt‘s
around. The Last Mtti'llt'd (.‘oiipli- tit Amount
is hardly a great mova It won't win any
Academy Awards. 'l'lll' sociology behind it Is
weak and cow.irdly. biit It has an excellent cast
and provides more than It's Share of fun and
with fun at the movies l)t't.‘()inlilg a rare com»

inodity. we can't afford to let any of It slip by.

S'monSaﬁ

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

, r-ir-tlmr’ﬂ'iil'ﬁ’ r- -

. . ... .. c “a...” eruiﬁsutvqhdﬂtmwﬂfi ovens

o matter .who's directing it or starring in
6N it. when a new film with a screenplay by
Neil Simon comes out. it can‘t help but be
reviewed as a Neil Simon film and there's a
good reason for it. Simon Is'one of the few
writers. probably the only one. whose name
carries real box office clout. More importantly.
IrOWever. he is so nruclr at the center of the
project — In choosing cast. director. etc. 
that usually the blame or praise must rest with
him. Simon usually picks directors who don't
interfere with his material. and no cast. no
matter how talented. can make a bad comedy
funny (although If either is really horrible even
the best Simon script won't work. so there is
some collaberaiion inVolved). Hence. when
disasters like The Star Spangled Girl and Tlll‘
Cheap Dctcciiue comi- along, Simon stiffer-s
just as he gets praised for California Siiiiu
(actually two segments of it) and The Good-
bye Girl. The only film that doesn't fit llit‘
writer as author theory. tionically. is Simon's
best screenplay The l-heurtlrruok Kid It was so
hard-edged that no one thinks of It as a Simon
film. Well. Simon's back and this time lr-z's' col
Iccting praise because Chapter Two is his best
complete work. for stage or screen. in alrrrost a
decade.

Mathiossier

Chapter Two has a number of things going
for it. Most striking is the style with which it's
been transferred from stage to Si‘l'L‘t'iI. Simon
has opened up the two apartment stage set
carefully and plausibly, while still lumping
most of the intimacy of having only four main
characters. Chapter Two also has irrorc girls
than most of Simon's work. True. it still
follows the “boy meets girl. boy lows girl. boy
gets girl" formula of Gouclhyr- Girl. but here It's
more believable. less ldctrlizuil. illitl much
stronger dramatically. For once Simon almost

'All'l'hatJazz

 

    

* A New (hapte

gets ugly — which in his case is a positive
statement. In the past ( Heartbreak Kid always
“Cit-“19(1). the stralglrt moments have been
“sweet” ~ more poignant than dramatic —
and usually ended with a slight. knowing
chuckle. They were nice and warm and com-
fortable. This time he cuts out the chuckles
and while there's no jarring or raw pain. cer-
tain scenes (namely one In which widower
George Schneider. after making love for the
first time since his wife's death. rolls over in
bed and sees her picture), have a slightly
discomforting quality More likely than not.
the nratirrtty of this work has to do with the
subject muttt't. Since the irraterial is partially
autobiirgraphical. Simon has sympathy for
(icorge (Jami's Caani who's tiyiiig to deal
with his wife's dcaih and Jirnrrlc (Marsha
Mason). the second wife dutiirinineil not to
livc in the footsteps of thcI first. like all Simon
ilraraciers. they are a little too quick and witty
to be believed. but llllfbt' two are filled with a
lot of genuine l’illttllUll. They're not always
funny and llil’y'lL‘ the closest thing to llti'tlt'
dimensional t haractcis Simon has ever written

‘ 3 ~
James Caan. as the Neil Simonioh
George Schneider in Chapter Two.

 

  

_ y I.»
Marsha Mason in the no; girl who
gives James Carin new life.

 

(in this rcsoect Chapter Two Is closer to the
Fonda Smith segments of California Suite.

i ran Tire Gnodfiyi' Ciri). More typical are Leo'

Joe Bologna) and Faye (Valerie Harper). the
matchmaking comic foils of the piece. Simon's
writing is certainly at a peak when dealing with
(‘reorgi' and Jennie. but the cast also deserves
a good deal of credit.

Jcnnic has thtl flashicr part and Mason pulls
out all the stops. She runs the range of euro»
tion from idyllic love to the desperate fear of
losing it. Mason who. while talented. has
lIt’Vltt been the subtlest of actresses. handles
all thi- nuances with expertise. She seems
mow relaxed than usual and she's so strong
and wonderfully supportive that even when
llli' spotlight is somewhere else. she still keeps
iiirrkrirg an impression. lf Mason gets more at-
lt'ltllltll than Cairn. it's only because of the
nature of lllt' role He hides all his feelings. So
instead of getting to go on the kind emotional
tiiadvs Mason does. he just walks around
brooding and being Introspective. This Is not.
however. to fauTt Caaii's performance. which
is HIIIt’lV orw of the bust lrc's cycr given. He'"
not as self conscious as he's l)i'L‘il in the pat

luau:

. complete blank as if he weren’t even listening.

I nomination. With this. and The Last Married

He’s open and expressive. He falters only
once. During Mason's big “l'm wonderful"
speech. he tries so hard not to take any atten-
tion away from her that his face becomes a

Nonetheless. Caan's Is a fine performance
which. like Mason‘s. deserved an Oscar

Couple in America. Valerie Harper has been
trying to do two things: bury her Rhoda im-
age. plus establish a film career. She’s doing
well in both areas. Now that she's flnally‘stop-
ped playing dumpy repressed Jewish girls.
Harper ls letting herself go and proving that
she can indeed be a fine comedienne. l've
never been overly fond of Joe Bologna as an
actor (he's a good writer though). and l'm not
quite sure wiry. Maybe it's because he always
seems cocky with nothing to be particularly
cocky about. I do. however. admit that as Leo
he is amusirrg’arrd less offensive than normal.

Rubi-rt Moore handles Simon's work better.‘
than most directors and certainly better than
Herb Ross handled the play. He keeps the
pace and [he timing fast for all of the unusually
long two hour plus running time without any
of the stagey qualities of Goodbye Girl or Star-
Sponglr'cf Girl (directed by Herb Ross and
Jerry Paris respectively). Chapter Two is viii»
tage Nell Slinonpbut it's still Neil Simon which
should tell prospective viewers a lot. It may be

 

better than most comedies and adaptations
from the stage. it may own he better than
most Simon comedies and adaptations from
llit.‘ stage. but It's not really that cliffcrvirt. All
l'iii trying to say is that if you don't liktI Neil
Simon. you won't like Chapter Two no matter
how well it's maili- It is hardly a tuiniirg point
to the writer's cirri'cr Based on flit' grosses of
The Goodlryi- Girl. and tlriI sellout crowds
grouting this, however. I'd say a vast majority
of pi-op'li'. iiiysi'lf iltCllttlt'tl. do like Simon and
won't be disappointed.
a

EGH School 0! Jazz

lthough It Is traditional to consider jazz
as an American contribution to the

music world. one cannot deny the influence of
Europeans in various stages of its develop
merit. Jazz became distinct from the blues.
historically. when blues elements were incor-
porated into 50er forms and music for
"orchestras" ranging from twenty on down to
three plbces. When the Lost Generation
brought jazz with them jb Europe. It spawned
the first generation of European jaumen. and
they've been In the thick of it ever since. In re-
cent years. the European brand of jaw. has
become quite distinct from that associated with
American players. as European artists no
longer hesitate to draw upon their classical
tradition.

Rube Cinque

Tire ECM recording label is generally
regarded as the home of modern European
law. In iiruclr the same way as Motown was
the home of the Phil Spector sound. Although

 

 

Americans such as Keith Jarrett and Pat.

Metheny record on ECM. it is because their
music is of the label's genre. as much as it is to
diversify the label's catalogue. Founded by
Manfred Etcher. a German recording engineer
who Is known for his fanatical devotion to
fidelity. ECM has drawn artists with a higher-
thanlaverage concern for capturing their
nuances on record. The album Silent Feel by
Eberhard Weber and Colours is a case in
point.

Released lit 1978. the. album is blessed with
just about all the ECM birthmarks: the plt’rcliig
slides of bassist Weber, keyboardist Rainer
liruningharrs and reed man Charlie Mariano
stating themes in unison (a la Pat Metheny arid
[<le Mays). and drummer John Marshall play-
ing polyrhytlrmic surges tn the style of Jack
l)e.lohnettu. This is not to say that Silent Feed
Is a redundant album. Rather," Is a good ex--
ample of where the jau aficionado and the
casual listener part company. The develop-
ment of the pieces on this album are. subtle.
Take the last cut. “Eyi's that can Set.- in the
Dark". which starts off with a section of flute
shrieks and swells of synthesizer sound very
much reminiscent of Karlhelnz Stockhausen.

the electronic music pioneer. Much of What Is
going on here is not readily accessible. as the

Pickup lit tempo is stretched to the point of

linperccptilrility. The Changes are as subtle as
drummer Marshall's doubletimiug on a dif-
furunt cymbal, or Weber stretching a note a lit»
tle more out of tune each time around. If you
can pick up on these things. the music is very
dramatic. but if you miss it (and many people
do). It comes off rather flat. Like

Stockhausun's work (and the work of later

   
   

~ ' a in 
artists Eberhard Weber and Colours.

movement doesn't hit you until you've listen-
ed for a good live or six minutes, if you have
the patience (or hearing acuity) to appreciate
this crit. then you may count yourself among
the jam fairs of the World.

“Seriously Deep". the cut that comprises
Side 1. Is slightly more straightforward. and
the title crrt a bit more so than that. if only by
virtue of their uptempo beats. The album is
characterized by the Intricate. classically-
Inspired Interplay between the Instrumen-
talists. and it Is these Intricacies that Manfred
Eichur ls mose adept at bringing to vinyl.

if the ECM artists may be thought of as

’1’ r u . _ l1
Be bop fiddle. and [unions of sounds c

belonging to a school of jazz thought. their
Larry Coryell and Philip Catherine might be
said to occupy whole schools by themselves:
Catherine. the ireerjangoist, and Coryell.
the eclectic acoustic fireball. lt scans only fit-
ting that the two should ream up with
Stvphane Grappelli. the violinist who shared
the spotlight with Djange Reinhardt arid the
Quintet of the Hot Club of France. for a tribute
entitled Young Django. For those unfamiliar
with Django and the Quintet. let me just say
that the Quintet was the first European group

i

reatea a new jazz in the European

to gain notoriety In Jar). circles. and much of
the reason was Diango Reinhardt. once
described as “the original one-man punching
rhythm section." He could carry the beat by
himself (the Quintet had no drummer) and
play blistering single-note solos. and he did it
with only partial use of his left hand. Balancing
his fiery style was the suave. classically-trained
Grappelll. who could (and still can) transform
simple melodies into musical gems.

Joined by Niels-l‘lenning Orsted-Pedersen
(geez. that’s a lot of names for one guyl).
Grappelli. Coryell and Catherine sit down to

’ r._

honor Django's memory. Fortunately. they
are not too reverent. Most of the songs are
written by Django and Grappelli. with one
each by Coryeil and Catherine. and it's not
hard to imagine that If Django were still
around. this is what he'd sound like. The
similarities go beyond the marked Django in-

 

fluence in Catherine's style. which he naturally
indulges here. or the forcefulness of Coryell.
who's been known to cop a lick or two from
the master himself. This recording imparts the
same unbridled energy and nerve as the
Quintet in iis heyday. Orsted—Pedersen plays a
strong accompaniment. although his one or
two solos on this album don't measure up to
.his work elsewhere.

Young Djungo is an album that all can en~
joy. Rather than pushing new forms. these
guys crank up the old ones and just tear loose.

Silent Feet and Young Django argue the
case for Jazz from opposite sides of the spec-
trum: the one studied and provocative. the
other free and animated. One might be inclin—
ed to see this as the basic difference between
the European and American styles of tin-
provlsed music. Jau originated from various
mixtures of Afro-American blues and Euro-
pean classical forms. and most jazz styles lean
discerniny toward one or the other (the ex-
ception being forays into Eastern styles by
'groups such as Oregon). Although both were
European, D)ango and Grappelli embodied
this stylistic mix. Although Coryell is the only
American on Young Django. the sound is
upbeat American. The distinction is no longer
geographical. but philosophical. Nor is it
limited to jazz; American symphonic music
also tends to be more brash. composers often
having the gall (l) to write parts for saxophones
and even an occasional washboard for that
down—home touch. The refinement of Silent
Feet Is somehow consistent with the notion
many Americans have of European
cosmopolitan life. Tire exuberancy of Young
Diango is typical of what Europeans ap-
preciate In American jazz.

Jazz goes big-time in the Proctor's Theatre
in Schnectady tomorrow night. with a pro-
gram featuring the Bill Evans trio and Oregon.
Tickets are $6. and $8. and showtime is at 8

 

 
  

Ilv'vvvchI'aI-Il

 

 

 

 

.i............-.r-tt-»v

 

