 

 

    

 

Forward.

 

- Mike Fltzsimmons

To imitate the eloquence of Mr. .I.
Shapiro on this page last Tuesday. the word
“socialism” is also anathema to most
Americans. Upon mention ofthe word, im-
ages of oppression. trench coats, dark
glasses. and the domino theory come readi-
ly to mind. But in the words of Mr.
Shapiro. “Nothing could be farther from
the truth," for the program put forth by
Karl Marx, Frederick Engels and their
followers still quite simply calls for the
democratic control. by the working class.
of the means of production.

Since the inception of large scale. surplus
manufacture of commodities. production
has become a social act. conducted by large
groups of workers, contributing various
tasks toward making the cottiplele product.
This was one of the most important
developments of the industrial revolution.
The new mode of production. however. \ 'as
tint accompanied by a tiew trinde ot' ev-
change.

With socialized labor, the means ol’ bio»
LlllCllOtl remained the property or iii-
dividirals. the capitalists. Still today. the
means of production lies in the hands ol‘
capitalists. while the producers ltavc
nothing btit their owrt laborrpower and a
lluctuating. unpredictable riiarket iri which
to sell themselves. (‘ompetitiort for profit
and monopoly has bectt conducted lll vi".
tital anarchy.

llut capitalists are not satislied “llll the
there ownership of the means ol~ produc-
tion. They must wring it dry. Hence. the
drive for higher profits and wider markets.
necessitating better and better labor-saving
tttacliitics. ltas created still rttrotbct booii lot
capitalisrit: “the industrial rescttc army."
('ottttary to Mr. Shapiro‘s liopcs, retraining
will tit-\er catch tip with jobs elitttittated by
"changing technology". for tltc goal ol Itill
ctiiployrttcnt has bcctt set by the US.
(ioveritrncnt at ‘1 percent unctiiploynicrtt.
'l’hcse l'orir rntlltoit or so, porn souls (many
more today) cart be ntili/cd Ill times ol lllt'lt'
pressure production. while. when not utillv
itig. they help keep the t|\t'ltt_t.‘.c wage down.

Attotlici result ol unplanned. relentless
cypatision arid competition ot production is
the vicious circle ol boom arid recession.
(I scrproductrou is a common occurrtitcc in
ecortoriiics guided by the tlriie l'ot prolits.

(‘ontplaccticy seems to be ottt only
choice. Deluged v ‘tli calls for progressiu'
conservatism" -» an apt label for all the
major presidential
Ronald Reagan r we see orin the “limes”

candidates. not just

{H5 4’“ AMEMFHEM
9’ WORK TOW

t‘ t' (10'
dissented Ky
‘jEARL'HE‘e -*

pp 13“

 

‘ w

sift/30% 7"

KWLBE Ij’l

3 l
totATEt‘ " I" '

o0 SUCH

 

 

Not Backward

sores ' {Ht o n.’ .‘r
_ M ‘1)CUF36 it more
' mature "New or'
iron: 3 '

wktwé .MAs term ftlS't' at?
86mm 0F it
THE marrow CAPPIES _
WtSlOLl \

  

getting more through “supply-side"
economics, income-tax cuts. “enterprise
zones". and other variations on the same
theme. How will a destitute mother iii the
South Bronx benefit from 20 percent
property-tax reductions?

But there is an alternative. Calling for the
working class’s political control of the pro:
ductive forces of society, is the socialist
Workers Party. The formation of a labor
party is the priority of the SWP and its
youth adjunct. the Young Socialist
Alliance. The SWP presidential candidate.
Andrew Ptiley. calls for a new party. based
on the trade unions, to rnrikc the ittiioris
riiore democratic, oust the sell-serving
union leaders and etnbracc minority and
women's groups.

This party. to spread out the available
work force. should fight for a thirty hour
work week with no cut in pil)’.1ll|(l the open-
ing of record books il~ companies cart not
afford this change. Let the workers run the
businesses and industries. The integrity ol
the Polish workers lll supporting their plati-
tied economy. yet orgatti/ing l‘or conces-
sions from the heartract'acy-castc that runs
it. is a line example.

Also important is the draft registration
and its relation to US. foreign policy.
There is nothing the (‘artcr Adtttinistraliott
and its supporters would like more, than
the slowing or ttttclllltg of popular
movements around the world. ('oritrol of
countries by the masses greatly endangers
corporate profits. otherwise known as our
"national interests." As a result.
\\'ttslittigtori sends riiillioris or dollars irt
rtiilitary aid arid advisement to the irttita "t
lil Salsadoi. where. since January. ti\L't
5.000 civilians havi' been killed by tlu‘
govcrurticnt. l’rcsidctit ('artcr and the
riicdia slaridcicd the (‘ubtui resolution
while five million ('itbarts attended a r.i|l\ rrr
llataria. l-‘inally, we are told that we mat
ltave to step iti arid set things straight ttt
Itait. l'lrc Young Socialist Alliance secs
tegistratiort arirl the tllllll as a threat against
the gains the Iranian workers and other op.
pressed peoples ltavc made against the Shah
and his ilk. \‘ottiit' Aittcrtcatis should not
die tot scenic profits and thc strbitittrttion ol
abotets.

llic socialist philosophy and science rs a
clarilier ol these issues arid many others: it
is bi no lllL'.tll\ outmoded. Respondine to
today‘s happenings not in the \oice ol Mr.
Shapiro's "workers" the equestrian
class 7 the l‘ulley campaign speaks in the
voice iii the proletariat,

      
 

(ETH' Brit

  

   

 

t 7.1.1:: o,” sfﬂm'th "a 4.:

-Wu- Regressive
_Rgtuttato-—

______.P__..

Jn ' G. Cohen

in his September 30th column, Jeff
Shapiro undertakes the monumental task of
trying to rationally explain and justify the
New Conservative Ethic and Ronald
Reagan's economic policies. Surely. he has
overburdened himself, for neither is possi-
ble.

Ronald Reagan‘s unique brand of con-
servutistn is a blend which reserrccts the an-
tiquated notion of trianifest destiny in corn-
bination with the rriost dogmatic elettictit of
religion (which app‘als to the Midwest
farttier of only the lowest l.Q.). in effect, it
produces a rather odd synergism which
moves Ariierica rapidly ahead into the Mid—
dle Ages at best. but more probably.
towards nuclear holocaust.

The question ol'equality is well addressed
by the quote “Conservatives believe that
discrimination in arty form is wrong and
that all rue/r should be encouraged to
develop to their lull potential without
restrictions or handicaps." This attests to
the exclusion ol women ltotti the (onset-
sative l‘tlric. l-urther reinforcement can be
seen by L'killllllllllltitl ol‘the Republican plat»
form (which tor the first time withdraws
support from the lLRAt or by the detection
of Mary (‘risp from high \\illtltl the
Republican ranks. lt isalso ttolc\\ot'thy that
the right to have an abortion is omrnitted
I'rorn Reagan‘s “the in»
di\idua|'s tight to chose."

Mr. Shapiro claims that “liig lhisitiess.
llig l abut, llig Brother. and especially llig

adt ocrtc) ol

(itnctlllliclll are looked on tiskaiice by cori-
seriatocs.” In tact. he says, the word
“llrrt” is detested by crttlscr\ttll\‘c\ “when it
is used as air adjective.“ lliat is, except
when it is used itt irortt ol’ words like profits
and \tatlicatls. 'lhe same Ronald Reagan
\-.lio declares that he “dctcsts” llig
llllslllt'ss. is the man \\lltr would have you
ltL‘llt'\L' that «\.l R I. is owned by little old
ladies,

Reagan's contention that political attd
economic t’tcedotns are declining becath
ol "llir' (io\criuuerit“. raises a yet) rrrtpor'~
taut tssuc. llic minimal amount ol yovet'ti-
nrcnt power \\llL'll rctnaitis intact rttitst be
lllk‘\Cl'~t.'Ll it the llillliill'slillt' is to stir the the
onslaught ol’ the multinational corpora»
trons. lhc cotitpley issue oi so\crctgrrtv is at
stake here.

"Ronald Reagan is a subject ol’ cort—
tron-to botli at SI'NYA and ill the riatiort
at large " lltis is because ltc rs deathly
learcd. lltc trepidation that many people

 

AL—lplt.

 
 
 

@‘\A  ‘s‘
, m “but
. r,

 ‘\ l‘
\_ Il . I
“n .. at r r.. ri_u~w mi: w.- i‘

lhéiCo lFtTll ‘t \ ' .. r, .
up  6‘ [Cl  Jib rlidr

L “A.
yrs,

   
  
   
 
 

  

t'\pei'iettcc born this tiiari cirtitiates largely

4c.“ 1 u u t u n

 

.rl.

t 5U;ch

    

l‘ldtTt‘ .
oht‘tEv'

. in. of

.tfh‘t‘lt. jum'iﬁt’fa: :

 

n 1%

 

liq-flit.” on" ' .
llrllrl. in.) r v

{nggrﬁr'g WAT HARE’lAt 
{0M5}! UTl,7ktt\t.\ FREE

   

Vﬁ...m.t..,,...v tin-av » -. .. a ><~- --

 

Reactionism

front his proposed econotnie policies.

Let us turn to an examination of
Reaganontics. His version of supply side
economics has the potential to be more
printative than Milton Friedman's
"Negative Growth Economy." The Kemp-
Roth Bill (the cornerstone of Reaganomics)
would cttt taxes by 30 percent over the next
three years. This bill has got to be the big-
gest folly since Rasputin ran rampant
thoughout the hedroorn of Czar Nicholas
ll. 11 will increase the money supply
(broadly defined, M.) at a titiie when the
Federal Reserve Board and most
economists advocate cutbacks in M. The
bill would have the same effect as prlttllttg
money to light irillatiott. Besides, how cart
Reagan cut taxes 30 percent while
sitiiiiltarteottsly proposing to increase the
Defense Budget? liven Houdini the
Magnificent would have trouble with that
fail.

Perhaps the biggest joke ol all (if you cart
believe that there is one bigger than the
Kertip-Roth liill) is Reagan‘s plari to
reeoristttct the Inner city .slirriis via the
Kemp-(ititcia Hill. This gent, called llll'
“linterprise [one plan" (another Kemp
brainstorm) will in effect allow “lily
Business“ and “liig ("timed not the irtr
povcrislted. to rehtiild and owrt the urban
slums, ’lhc poor will not be able to aloud
to reconstuct their homes for the silttlilc
reason that this bill does not give them
money. The legislation will only be of ttsc ltr
people or corporations with ctirtsitlctablc
capital holdings. Besides. where will Mr.
Reagan find the money to finance a 20 per
cent property tax cut arid a reduction in the
Social Security l'ayrnll taxes iti these areas‘.‘

let us be charitable. Looking at tlu
brighter side of Rcagartoniics arid the Next
('oriser‘vativc litliic. perhaps there is a srtm
lining iii ti vet dark cloud. At least tltc pro
blcrii ol' overcrowding iri Aritctita \\|ll at
long last be solved. ("art you think ol a llt'l
ter r:asoii to emigrate?

 

Bring us Your Letters
and Columns

Deadlines are 'l‘iies‘ ' for it l’ridu) issue.
and i“rl(lll)‘ for :i ’l‘uestliiy issue. Material
must be typewritten. double-spiteetl. and iii-
eliitle the writer's mime rind phone number.
Aiioriyiiiotis letters will not be printed

liouevt-r. names will be withheld upon re~‘
quest. Drop tlietii off in “Letters” hos ltl‘
('(' 32‘! or cull the Editorial Pages l‘lrlitor at l
 ___..,- _... ‘

.. I}.  ,T‘ﬂ.Hr-{t:.-tt:-l‘
l

 

 

m. 71' Ft‘CTka‘ rife

 cart arsBAtt?
ﬂ. 6 t .tt Fir-rest
.  A” '
. I \‘ 7",, s

 

as (lift?
it  '

3:...

t' .-
r l.

 

A" .1:

5.? rats

 MAN!

 

 

 
  
   
   

 

  
 
  

 

  

 
  
  

 

 

 

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

  

   

 

  
 
   

   

 

 

 
  
 

 
       

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

   
          
   
   

 

.m

 

  
 

   
 
   
  

Photo by Sum: Steinkump

 

 
  

 

 -. t. ,-r..,.-,~:.u.~u.> '40» or ._..,-....s..4...

 

 

 

 

   

