 

Sound & Vision

October 3, 1980

   

 

 

tvlne Madness is one of those rare
! 2 Shims that you either love or hate.
in fact you'll probably know even
before you see it. if you like Bette Midler as a
live performer. you'll like this filmed version
of her recent, hugely successful Broadway

Mark Rossier

show; if you love Midler you'll love this. and
if you hate Midler. this certainly won’t
change that opinion. Don't be fooled by the

 

 

cinematic nature of the project. This is not an
acting role like The Rose. but rather Midler
playing the Divine Miss M on stage. and this
is what accounts for the black and white
reaction. The Rose aside. Midler has always
had a strong effect on audiences. The things

Eorbert In Concert

fter seeing Steve Foibert for the
fourth time. one thing that I'm hap»
py to see is that he's finally got a
quality hand. Yes. the band that played
behind Steve Forbert last Tuesday night at
Jii Scott's is definitely the best band he's
had so far. They are a real band that can ac
itiali'y follow Steve's flow wttli all his power
and sensitivity. without holding him back lti

John Schertzer

the past. the function ofhis band was to con»
vert him into an electric musician when he
wanted to go electric instead of playing an all
acoustic show. Steve can at last he coit-
siclered a fine electric artist rather than an
acoustic centered artist that simply converts.
The frtiits of this evolution can also be heard
on his new album. Little Steute Orbit. To his
usual Greenwich Village folk. country. and
Rock-abilly, he's added a harder edge.
Some of his songs actually come across with
sort of an acid—rock feeling because of some
low range raunchy guitar Orchestration.
“Lonely Girl" is the best example of this.
While the song is toned down and sweet
during the vocals. Shane Fontayne gets a
sound from his guitar. during the beginning.
and in breaks between verses. that lcan only
describe to be something like what David
Gilmour does In the intro to The Wall (know
what sound l'm talking about?). This jux-
taposition within the song gives it a spacious
and eerie feel that helps to lift Steve's eanhly
lyrics to new heights. in Steve's version of a
Creedence Clearwater Revival song. “Lodi”,
Shane's guitar again brings the band soaring
in a hybrid sound between it and the
original.

Another improvement in the band ts
reflected In its ability to get an authentic
Asbury Park sort of sound without soudlng
like a cop. This could be heard through
many of the songs. including “it You've Got-

 

 

 

Divinity

that some find crude. tasteless. crass. racist.
and completely unamusing. others find
good-natured. hysterical fun. Some find her
obnoxious and self-indulgent while many
fans say she is the most giving performer
they've ever seen. There is no way to settle
the two sides of the argument and those who
didn't like her nightclub act before The Rose
won't like it much after.

What infuriates many Midler haters is the

V way she flaunts her tackiness by saying

 

things like “Welcome to another evening of
vile entertainment with the Divine Miss M "
Equally frustrating is the fact that the viler she
gets the more her fans love it, While l have a
great deal of sympathy for Midler‘s detractors
(after all. there's nothing worse than seeing

ta Ask You'll Never Know Why". and “Get
Well Soon" A synthesizer added to "Get
Well Soon". a song off of his new album.
gavt.I this tune an extra slick sound,
“Laughter Lou (Who Needs You?)" com-
bines the Asbury Park sound with the hard
edge guitar that I talked about before.
l\'eybo.irdists Paul [irrico and Robbie Kondor
helped create a very full but not overly
busreil sound. and it came out best in these
songs. Another interesting example of this is
the inellowiunk “Cellophane City". it
which keyboard and guitar work together as
almost one mind.

Of course Stew played his acoustic set.
He stood on stage alone. accompanied by
different Combinations of accordian. bass
and mandolin. This was what i expected to
be the highlight of the show. wttli Steve
“hanging out chords and hollerin' out
words." and playitig that spitty harmonica of
his it was just great hearing and seeing
Steve Forbert in his own environment.
Here's the. kid just banging out dumb songs
that are really pretty smart when you come
to think of it. That kid who just has a talent
for junibling up plain talk into original. com-
mendable. and useful songs. This was my
impression of him froin the past. It's the kind
of impression i got from seeing him do
“Steve Forbert's Mid Summer Nights Toast".
and “Grand Central Station" by himself. Too
bad he didn't do this Tuesday. but he made
up for it.

"Toast" was preceded by his opening
number. “Going Down to Laurel". Roth
songs were accompanied by audience sing-
ing and applause. Of course everyone went
crazy and wondered what would be next.
What we didn‘t realize was that Steve had
matured quite a bit in the past year. A year
ago he had mellowed out as far as his stage
presence goes. No longer did he have that
spasticvelasiic grace that kept him moving all
over the stage endlessly. always feet away

 

'I'he Seeond Degree

someone you hate become a star). lcouldn't
possibly count myself among them because
Dluine Madness is one of the best times l've
had at the movies in quite a while.

With only two films to her credit an In-
teresting pattern seems to be emerging for
Midler. She alone carries Divine Madness
just as she alone carried The Rose. Obvious-
ly this is a less demanding film role (though
certainly no less demanding a performance)
since she is doing a variation of an act she's

   

Nonetheless it is Midler's
energy and versatility that make both films

done for years.

work. She dominates the screen and
demands attention. but it remains to be seen
if she can keep going at this rate. if she can
find roles of substance. and if she'll be strong

The Jackrabbit lumps 'l'o l.B.’s

front the mike stand until the split second his
singing came in. There's something new

about Steve Forbert now. He could really
grab you. One of the highlights of the even‘
ing was duritig his second encore when he
played one of his new fun-rock songs called
"l'm an Automobile". Here Steve takes hold
of his audience with an almost theatrical
presence. gesturing and smiling diabolically.
proving that he has mastered the complete
art of achieving rock ‘n' roll stardom.

The peak of the eyening though. had in be
the third encore After introducing the band
members to a little “March of the Wooden
Soldiers" music. and telling the audience
how it's “worth it" to play for siich a well
reCeiving group, Steve played a lovely little
guitar introduction to “It isn't Gonna Be That
Way". He began howling out these words.
and blowing that harp with a vigor and
melancholy that creeps infectionst through
your blood like benign nerve gas. When he
sang the verse. "if I were a god. I'd glue you
a clue . .  i got a strange feeling that he was
not. in fact. just a musician. but is also an eti-
chanter from a mystical land coming with
secrets to tell us. i don't know what it is but
there's something about this guy. Steve
Forbert. that Is not too normal. He'd pro-
bably think i was pretty weird. too. if he read
this review.

He closed otit the set with a painfully hot
and irresiszable run-through of "You Can
Not Win it You Do Not Play". Into a blues
harp thing. to Chuck Berry's “Promised
Land". and then back into "You Can Not
Win" again.

All this and more. but still not enough —
Steve still didn't play some of our favorites.
and if he did we could still sit around and
listen to him play some old Stones songs and
stuff like that. And what‘s this? No Lou
Reed? Well. i guess he's got to sleep too. 0

  

in a property where she is not the center of
attention.

To say Midier's "act" in both is stylistically
the same Is not necessarily true. The comic
portions are the same. but The Rose seems
to have had an effect on the musical
segments. Midler has added a great deal of
sexuality and poignance that were missing
before. She is no longer just a bawdy. raun-
chy better — she has grown into a truly ac-
complished performer. These traits are best
exemplified In an electrifying (though
somewhat overdone at the end) version of
“Stay With Me". a tune from The-Rose that
leads into one of the film's comic highlights
—- the lounge act of Deloros DeLaggo. the
toast of Chicago. Equally memorable is a
dazzling rendition of “Leader of the Pack" in
which Midler gives more aching sexuality
than i thought the song could inspire.

There are. of course. drawbacks. Midler's
comments on royalty. while very funny. are
too similiar to a Joan Rivers routine. The
most obvious and aggrevating flaw is the
editing that looks like it was done by a blind
man with a butcher knife The jumps are
noisy. they often cut out words and ruin any
sense of continuity. Routines are cut short.
some comments are never finished. and l
was suprised that a major release should be
put together this slopplly (there's always the
possibility that tlie problem lies with the print
and not the film itself. but considering this is
a first run film. I tend to doubt it). On the
plus side technically. credit must go to
Cinematographer William Fraker (with
assistance from Bobby Byrne) and Director
Micheal Ritchie. Fraker bathes the screen in
Color and gets In close enougli to tell us more
about Midler the performer than those ir-
ritating back stage shots that niar many can-
cert films. This is an unusual project for Rit-
chie. whose films often deal with competition
as a way of American life (Smile. The Crin~
didote. and The Bad News Bears). For- .
tunately he has the good sense to simply
record the concert without trying to make it
personal statement like Martin
Scorcese did with The Last Waltz.

i realize that I haven't exactly been btibbl
ing over with enthusiasm and it has nothing
to do with my reaction to the film. Except for
the lousy editing i think Diuine Madness is
great ftiii and Midler a brilliant performer.
l-lowever. I realize that reviews of concert
films — especially those featuring only one
act -— can'tbe used to influence that many
people. The fans will go. the haters will stay
away. and the rest will do like their friends.
The most reviews of this kind of film can do
IS get the uncommitted to go and if that oc-
curs. I'll be happy. .

into a

   
  
    
  
    
  
  
  

 
 
   
    
  

 

    
 
   
 
   

    
  
  
  
    
    
     
  
   
 
    
 
  
  

 

 

 

( Good Vibrations

 

otitrary to popular belief, all rock

C stars do not 0.0. die in crashes.

fall from aural grace or sue their

record company and never get signed again.
Peter Noone is one of those exceptions.

Formerly of the Herman's I‘lermits.

Noone took a lengthy lay<off after the Her-

iniis broke up before putting together his

Ed Pf‘nka

new band. the Tremblers. Noorie explained
his return to mtisic to be due to today‘s
music's simplicity.

Last Sunday riighi at the Hiilla Baloo.
Noone brought with him basically the same
band heard on the Tremblers' debut album.
Twice Nightly. with the exception of Randy
Rice. who replaces Mark Browne on bass.
The Tremblers brought with them most of
the songs off this album and performed them
quickly and with an abundance of energy.
This energy quickly spilled Into the crowd
which after the first song. “You Can't Dd
That". moved onto the dance floor for the
rest of the show.

Noone and the rest of the Tremblet‘s. Greg
lnhofer. guitar and organ. George Conner.

 

guitar. and Rob Williams on drums. then
went into “Maybe i'il Stay". "Wouldn't i",

 

 

 

“*1

 

l' Herman's Her- ,

    

        

  
 
 

 
 

- L — i ' “w
l ' ssac Bashevis Singer is currently
I lecturing In SUNYA's College of
Humanities. Singer. while not the
t instructor. Is commenting on the
- material which consists of his works.
. of course. the most recent winner of
obel Prize for Literature. Last Thursday
r gave a talk and open interview in Lec-
' -. - 1. He answered a series of

‘rry Kinsman

ions posed by the audience and the
lsh Department's Professor Sarah
n. who was instrumental In getting
er to Albany. What resulted was a

   

 
 
 
 

‘ x rding hour for all who attended; a con—
tion with a powerful literary mind and a

' A

\J

Sound &

language he had been raised with In his
native Poland. and that he felt there were
certain nuances. certain subtleties of humor
which could not be gotten across as effective
ly in English. He added that he liked to write
ghost stories and that ghosts certainly prefer-
red Yiddish. Singer explained somewhat
later that when his wife was out of town.
leaving him alone in the house. he kept a
light burning all night. "i'm afraid of demons.
if you're afraid of something. it means you
believe in it." A delightful revelation ~ not
only that such a man believes in ghosts and
demons. but that the presense of his frail wife
makes him feel quite defended against them

Professor Cohen asked another very stain»
dard question early in the'hotir: “What
makes a great writer?" Singer replied that

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
       
   
   
  

 

 

 

 

obel Prize winner Issac Basile

eat human spirit.

Singer is a small. elderly man with thin
hite hair and ii wonderfully eifin faci-
uthority and strength radiate from his
Before Professor
ohen could ask the first question. Singer
xplained to the audience that he had a cold
rid that we were bound to heat a lot of
ughlng and sneezing. but that we \vere to
note it. At this point i think most of us
eclded we. liked him.

The first question was. why write in Yirl
'5‘ Singer explained that Yiddish was the

 

    
     
 
  



   

 

g ormerely oi

nto the llulln
B-loo loot Sun-
day night. “Mr.

Inl."

it “Don't Say it". as well as most other
Ines on the album. The album is filled with
tchy rhythms and light lyrics. These
in5 were powerfully reproduced by the
temhlers. and Noone's comments before
ch song served as a humorous and |nfor~
aiive Introduction to the tunes.

The Tremblers' power-pop sound features
""19 drums and bass. and the. walling
” tiara to produce a full. moving sound with

    
   
   
   
  

Singer lecturing at SUNY

 

Jii'th‘a'déé'yh‘a‘hn ~51 s‘ luvs-'1‘ IXL'A'J'

 

tl'liiitiis: Will \‘iirniiiitt
one can teach writing. but one can't really
make soi‘neoni- .i wrilei. especially not a
great writer. by simply teaching lie said that
the aspiring wtiter must have talent and iiitiii
tion. Then he said sortietliing that struck this

aspiring writer as quite odd < he said. "It's
mostly in the genes " l’eihap-i my own
education has prejudiced me unduly in favor
of the notion that environment and socialira
non lierl' most to do with forming the artist.
but either way. Singer's rentaik struck a
lliflVif.

Singei did give some specific advice about

     
  
  
     

  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
   

  
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
    

  
 
      
 

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
   
    
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
    

  
   
  
   

Noone's strong vocals cutting through the tri-
siruinents.

The Tremblers' encore was a cover of Elvis
Costello's “Green Shirt". Done iii excellent
fashion, the song featured a strong bass line
and highlighted the band's tightness.

it's very rare for a performer of Nooniz's
stature to begin to achieve the level of suc~
cuss he previously enjoyed. My only hope is
that he will succeed. .

  
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
  
  

     
  
  

 

   

Vision

Speaks To SIIIIYA" ‘

becoming a great writer. or at least a good
one. He said that. most important of all. a
writer should write about what he or she
knows. if an American writer goes to live in
China for‘a while and then writes a bookl
about China. other Americans will read it
and believe it authentic. but the Chinese will
know it was written by someone who doesn’t
truly know the country. Also. a fiction piece
should be about particular men and women.
not types.

A sharp difference between Professor
Cohen's view of literature and Singer's soon
became evident. it was a friendly conﬂict and
the session was made even livelier and more
enlightening because of it. The clash was
based on the traditional conflict between the
artist and the critic. At times Professor
Cohen would use a scholarly term like
"symbol". and Singer would shake his head,
protesting that he was only writing about a
particular man or a particular incident. He
insisted that much of what "English Prov
fessors" have to tell their students about the
itieaning of a Work is simply Imposed by the
organiving and categorizing intelligence of
the particular teacher

These tiny alteii'aiii'ins were
however. Willi good humor and grace by
both artist and t‘tillt‘

Singer is a curious and appealing mixture
'if pride anti humility After listening to liitii
for only a few minutes it was clear that this
apparent mixture was the result of the man's
honesty with himself He knows what his
i‘ttlilrilitiltttii is When asked Wlttt‘lt writer
had influenced his wurk. he answered that
lll' illtlll'l feel llli‘lt' was one [)itl'llf'llliil in
“evvty book one reads
I hope that l have

handled.

fltii'nie. although
makes an impression
made my own tradition. and my own style.‘
"The tradition does not make a

lit’ said
talent "

Much of Singer's frankly
itliitiltliigtrljiltttiil lie commented on .i col-
button of stories entitled. In My Father's
(.‘uiirt. saying that he considered the stories
half fiction and half non-fiction They were
written as serial installments for a Jewish
newspaper early in Singer's career Singer
pointed out with it certain pleasure that these
were short stories v art 7 created for a
deadline The stories of in My Father's Court
are all about Singer's childhood in Warsaw.
where his father was it Rabbi on a poor
street When little disputes arose between
neighbors or between husbands and wtves.
these problems were brought to the Rabbi it.
resolve The situation reminds one instantly
of Sin mon's court

Professor Cohen pointed out that these
stones depicted a basically happy childhood.

ftt‘litttt is

 
    

......‘.» .._..._.-.. Nu. “mughnlayﬁ...” .

“To; ...__V..

 

W

  

_ “mnm—wqw

Page 7:!

 

She asked if Singer's childhood had. in fact.
been happy “We were poor. we had many
hard times. but there was love in our house."
When asked why so much of his work is
about the poor. Singer replied that he was
writing about what he knew. that he had
been a poor man himself until not long ago.
"There is .i great spiritual richness among the.
poor." he added

When Singer was asked what he thought
ot those who i'ritii'i/ed him for depicting the
Jewish iinileiworlil of thieves. he had a most
liiteti'stiiig it’|)lV "ll l'tii going to write about
a llilt'f. I‘m not going to write about a
Spanish thief or an llilllilll thief. I’m going to
write ilt'utl‘ill thief Many critics
Would like lllt‘ writui to he .i propagatiilist."
.This statement ptits Singei's stand on the

about .i

position of art beyond muddled interpreta
tion lie considers an the supreme form of
tiiitli telling And true art cannot be made to
art-onioiiaii- ilii' ends of any particular
group

When asked why he wrote so much about
sexual love. Singer made an even more suc
duct and lowly reply "i tllll veiy interested
in love and sex if you take love and sex
away fioni literature. it stops existing."

Toward the end of the hour. Singer coni<
ineiited on how much he deplored the fact
that Violence and corruption in the world
seemed to be getting Worse. lie said that in
times of i‘risls. we need our poets to redeem
us Asked his opinion of death. Singer had
this to say: "Death in a way does not exist. in
my opinion i believe the whole universe is
alive and that when we die. we enter into
that life " 0

Redgrave In
Reality Replay

ante subject ~ new story Follow-
5 trig in the tradition of llnlocriiist
and The Diary of Anne I‘mnk.
.lewisli persecution during World Writ [I is
the topic of still another movie. I’liiying I’or
Tune
The film. a trite story
memoirs of homo Feneloii. has been skillfully
adapted for television by Arthur Miller. of

Janice Lewis

Dt'riili o/o Srilesrrinn and The Crucible fame
Set in Auschwitz. a Nazi concentration
camp, the movte Is filmed around a grimly
realistic background, with almost too much
attention giVen to detailing the horror of life
and death in these death camps of the
1940‘s.

The adaptation has. however. been Well
interpreted by director Daniel Mann, and
leading actresses Vanessa Redgrave and
Jane Alexander. Redgrave, in the role of
Fania Fenelori. gives a superb performance
as a lialf‘JﬂWlSll singer. arrested for taking
part in the resistance movement. which is
ironic considering the controversy surroun-
ding her support of the PLO. Her perfor-
mance is complimented by that of Jane
Alexander, in the role of a temperamental
orchestra conductor.

Camera technique plays an Important role

based on the

 

) discuss-AA IVs-vbrfajc'a slur-t) some: 1 .I»'.I.‘JJ~J-LJ.'.i.&J-i-.J...-.'v;u..-.é .......u..'.-« u

in the development of the movie. utilizing
such elements as Visual and auditory ini-
agei‘y and facial close-ups. Matty small
details are caught on camera. awakening ti
Viewer"; senses of sight and sound; details
such as the sound of many pairs of scissors
clipping mingled with the screams and
groans of terrified Jews getting their heads
shaved anti the dark filth of the camp. with
the smoke billowing out of the gas chambers.

Si‘VL‘liil sequences of facial closeups also
add to the dramatic appeal of the film.
especially those of Vanessa Redgrave. who
cries. hits her hetid against a wall. and shows
many different emotions through facial ex-
presstons.

As the film goes on. the n uslcal scenes
slowly but surely die out. To be sure.
Vanessa Redgrave's acting is much better
than her singing. which leaves inuch roorn
for improvement.

Overall, the movie was worth watching if
you are Interested in the subject and don't
mind ltearing classical music murdered.
Although the film Is weak in spots. the better
parts more titan make up for-it.

Finally. as a note of Interest for those who
paw and enjoyed the movie, and also for
those who missed it. Fania Fenelon's
memoirs are available In the SUNY library.
unoer the same title as the movie. .0

    

 

   

~c....‘.......,_-..,4n.-.._

 

I v w as‘cccesgt mach};isﬁkkk‘x‘iﬁbh‘x'v‘

 

