 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  

.i

an

\\
\~.
t.~,

_» .~ -.w _
:1. —:< “4.92....

c -"‘.:~;f‘w~l

 

 

 

The most recognizable name in
American sportswear gives you sale
prices you can’t help but notice.
Leave it to Levlfsw to give you the look,
the fit and now the sale prices you
want for Jeans, western shirts, and
Jackets. Choose from 100% cotton
denim straight leg Jeans and cotton/
polyester denim boot legs. Levi's'

really cuts the cord with straight and
boot leg cotton/polyester corduroy
Jeans in colors like navy, .sand,
burgundy or black. Waist sizes 28-38.
And top things off with a wide

   

 

assortment of rugged, plaid Levi'sa

western shirts with pearl snaps and the
basic 2 flap pocket shirt.
Polyester/cotton; sizes S,M,L Reg. 17.50
and 819, safe $14. Complete your
Levis" look with the prewashed, un-
lined Jacket.100% cotton for sizes 36-
44. Reg. $30, sale 523.

The Action Shop at Macy‘s Colonle.
Mall and phone accepted. Add sales

tax and 50c handling; outside area

add 2.50.‘Sorry. no COD‘s.

Cult anytime
Colonlo 459-1900

 

  
 
 
 

 

  ISOHS, SOlE? SB is.

Live the Levi’S‘” life and save in our Young Men’s Action Shop.

   
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
 
    
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  

I
Ill ii iiill

I
it: it l' i‘

l

,rrf in,»

     
    
  
  
   
      
    
   
  
 

$4.717?” ,

 

  
    
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
 
 
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 

    

 

 

vol. van No. 45

  

 

Stale University or New York at Alblny ‘

FWD“

 

 

. "up. near, nee-tum Caucasian

 

 

Obscene Gesture PrOmpts Arrest '

by Beth Cammarata
A scuffle involving six or seven
campus security officers. a
sophomore and two of his friends
occurred in front of a busload of
students at the circle last Saturday
at 1:30 am. The three youths were
arrested and charged with assault,
harassment, obstructing govern-
metttal administration and resisting
arrest, according to Assistant Direc‘
tor of lite Department of Public
Safety .loltrt I'Ienighan.
According to chighan, “the of—
ficers were driving by about l:3()
a.ni. Art individual gave the officers
the finger ttnd made obscene
remarks. He was kind of a dishevel-
ed individual. They drove by again,
and the satne thing Itappened._They
stopped, got ottt, and asked him
(the student) for ID. After sortie
idiscttssion, he gave it to them reluc-
tantly. He appeared to be extremely
intoxicated. He tried to grab the ID
iback. A couple of his non-student

 

 

 
  

‘ .

EADERSHIP

emitter:

ROTC will have an “extension center" on cam us.

friends tried to prevent his arrest.
More ofﬁcers were called to assist in
dealing with the three. Things even-
tually came to push and sltove.

"It was nothing the ofﬁcers in-
itiated. They were trying to deal
with disruptive individuals. Several
officers were slightly injured. One
received abrasions on the hand; one
ltad his heel kicked. Their uniforms
were pretty ripped up. The students
were not injured, beaten, or abused
psychologically. in arty way.
Sophomore Richard Ramee was at»
rested. The other two Kevin and
Scott DcLong, were also arrested
and charged with obstructing
governmental administration. All
three were arraigned iii Albany
Police Court."

Witnesses to the ittcidcnl, SA
Vice President Brian Levy, Scott
Greer, and Marshall Garcia,
however, tell the story differently.
According to Levy, the officers
physically abused the student. He

      

DPPaRilIl

photo: nun-me Kuiultu"

 

"Spare the necessity of OTC students traveling. "

by Bruce Levy

The cause of a fire in Schuyler
Hall on Dutch Quad Wednesday
night has ttot yet been determined,
according to Director of Residence
Paul Doyle. “We don't feel the fire
was electrically oriented  The
Public Safety Office is trying to
determine the specific cause," he
said. I

The fire began at approximately
8:30 in a first floor bedroom. The
heat sensor in the room was trig-
gered by the ﬂames as smoke filled
the rootn. The R.A.'s then followed
the standard procedure of checkng
each room to make sure no one was
In the building. When one of the R.
A.'s arrived at the suite room, she
awoke two girls who were asleep in
the other bedroom in the four-
person suite, then noticed smoke
coming from under the other door.
Doyle noted that the R.A. then felt
the door and knob for heat, as
taught in the mandatory dorm fire

 

Reason Unknown For Dutch Blaze

films. She then proceeded to open
the door slightly, saw tltc dense
smoke and left the building.
Engines from the Albany Fire
Company arrived at the scene some
time later, but Public Safety had

Director or Residence Pitul Do Ie. '

"We don't/eel the ﬁre was electrically oriented. "

 

 

 

said. "The cops called the guy over
for ID. The guy gave him the ID.
The cop said something like 'Don't
f---ing give it to me like that or I'll
f---ing break your ﬁngers.‘ The
guy tried to leave. They wouldn't let
him. At this point I got on the bus.
The next thing I saw was the cops
pittning the three kids to the hood
of the cop car." ~

Greer, a senior, filled in more 0
the details. “I saw the guy give the
cop the ID. The cop looked at it
and shoved it back into his face.
Then. the security guy posited the
kid away with his forcarnt. The stu-
dent didn't rnake any contact with
the cop. The stttdcnt ran away. The
cops chased liitn and pushed hitn up
against the bus. The tltrcc then
moved arotind frotn the side to the
front of the bus struggling. The sitt-
dcrtt and one of the officers fell and
were wrestling. One cop grabbed
the student by the waist as he stood
up. One of the student's friends

by Susan Mllllgan
Approval has been given by the
Council on Educational Policy
(EPC) to allow negotiations to
begin for an ROTC “extension
center" on campus, according to at
University Senate report released by
Dean Srtow, chairperson of the
Undergraduate Academic Council.
According to SA Vice-President
Brian Levy, the decision was made
at last week's executive committee
meeting of the University Senate.
However, the proposal tnust pass
the entire University Scttate before '
the program can be implemented.
According to the report, it was
the consensus of the EPC that “the

basically brought the situation
under control.

No injuries were reported. A
mattress, clothing and other per-
sonal belongings. including albums

continued on page twelve

      

 

 

pin-tn: Milt: Farrell

Assistant Public Safety Director John Heni thin].
"I! was nut/tint: the officers initiated. "

 

went up to one of the officers and "Allhuugh “10 BUY W35 deriNllCl)’
asked Ititn what was going on. The Wild. 1 SIM "0 Pity-Skill C("ilﬂt‘l by
cop shoved him against the ear and the student initially. I didn't see the
tried to pttsh him into the car. This 0”in [WU BUYS lr)’ '0 Plit’SlL‘ﬂlly l"-
cotttintted until two other cop cars lei-‘CdC. Olll)’ Verbally." said Great

got tltcrc. continued on page IWL’IVL’

l I " A,  ROTC To Locate At SUNYA

proposal willyspare the necessity of classroom and contact office
our ROTC students traveling in space." '

other campuses in order to take Students enrolled in ROTC will
ROTC courses." Students involved not be required to wear uniforms on
in the program currently attend the SUNYA campus, and no in-
elasscs at chssclaer Polytechnic struction involving the direct use of
Institute (RPI). weapons will be conducted on the

The report stated further that campus.

"existing arrangements pertaining The EPC further feels that such
to academic credit will remain unaf— an arrangement would offer
fected by the proposal, which com- “efficiencies of energy, cost. and
mits the university to provide time to our ROTC students."

f Students Invited to Gripe N
At Public Trustee Hearing

by Sylvia Saunders

~ Students are urged to voice their opinions at a public SUNY Board
of Trustees hearing this Tuesday at the SUNY Plaza- in downtown
Albany, according to SASU delegate Tony Giardina.

“It‘s important for students to show the Chancellor (Clifton R.
Wharton, Jr.) and the Board of Trustees that they are interested." he
said. Topics which may be discussed range from tuition and dorm in-
creases to mandatory student activity fees. '

This is the first of four mandatory open hearings scheduled this
year. as a result of SASU lobbying efforts in I976.

Students will be asked to prepare statements concerning University-
wide issues. In the past, students have raised subjects such as Affir-
match Action and apartheid. Persons wanting to present prepared
statements will be given five minutes to speak at the meeting. They are
required to submit written statements to Martha J. Downey, secretary
of the University, State University Plaza, Albany, N.Y: I2246.

(iiarditta said, however, that those students who do not have time to
submit written statements may still testify at the meeting. They will ott-
ly he give three minutes to speak, he said.

Students don't have to testify, Giardina added. “Just their presence
is important, We have to show them we are concerned." He explained
that the Chancellor has drafted a bill proposing that the mandatory
hearing law be rescinded because there isn’t enough student participa-
tiort.

' Giardina said they are hoping to get at lcast'IOO SUNYA students
land SOSUNY students from schools across the state. ‘
, Tuesday afternoon from I2:30-2:00 p.m., SASU will hold a brieﬁng
'in tile Off-Campus Lounge for those students who wish to attend. In
addition, vans will be transporting students from the campus to the
hearing. . v

The hearing will be held from 2—4 p.m. in the Elizabeth Luce Moore
board room. ,
, The next open hearing is sclicduied'for December 6 in New York Ci-

 

 

 

 

 

 

