     

 

 

l
l
s

   
  

  

 

columns

The Road To Change

Can Only Start With
Dreams

special interest groups.

The only way a revolution can occur in this
country is through a series of well coor-
dinated actions that involve direct action and
will act to restructure the present society in
an effort to create. by necessity if need be, a
new society. The man who ﬁrst envisioned
this reasoning was V.i. Lenin. Lenin saw that
the masses were being exploited and evolved
a philosophy that included what actions wcrc

Kevin Quinn

The politics of change, of revolution. has
been one of the most trying topics of discus-
sion for some of the world's greatest minds:
Karl Marx. VJ. Lenin. Mao Tse-Tung, Leon
Trotsky. etc. Revolutionaries have fought
amongst themselves over the correct means
upon which to accomplish an agreed end.
Questions of tactics have often caused huge
rifts among revolutionaries with similar ob-
jectives. This conflict still exists today. in the
political left and especially in the student needed to be taken in order to actually 11C-
movement as well. complislt a revolution, not just envision

Student politicians today consist mainly of one.

“utopian revolutionaries" (as I shall refer to A vanguard party. such as one cmisioticd
them). These people believe that if people by Lenin. could presently be created iii the
were only educated as to what the issues studetii movement. There exists some true
were, how these issues are etploiting them. revolutionaries and enough dissatisfied trio-
etc.. the people will see the faults in the pian revolutionaries to create this vanguard
system. become politically active. and change party that it formed, would radically reshape
those faults. These utopiati revolutionaries the student movement. The ticcd for a more
want change to occurtlirough the democratic realistic tactical approach must be installed
process. as numerous examples will explain: itito the students‘ minds. Revolutionary ac-
public outcry to force Congress to eliminate tiiity must be directed. forceful and effec—
the use of nuclear power. pressuring Carter the. Nothing is accortiplished when you peti-
to abolish the dralt proposals by massive tiott your Congresspcrsoti or the President
demonstrations against the draft. etc. I can tas the American Olympic athletes will attcst
understand the utopittn revolutionaries and to). Let's occupy more nuclear sites and let's
their philosophy because. until recently. i blockade the shiptticnts of nuclear \Hlle‘s.
was one of them. Utopian revolutionaries These actions will show the intense concern
have all the right goals. No nuclear power or on the part of America's youth and may even
weapons. equal rights for all people. freedom increase the costs of operating such facilities
of choice for women, a redistribution of under the threat of student action. that it
society's resources, anti-draft. anti-big tiiight become economical for firms and
business, etc. agencies to change policies. Only by direct
The titopian revolutionaries do not have actiort will our goals be obtained.
the power to change society democratically. The forces ofrcaction are growing stronger
for we do not live in a democracy and the every day. Unlike Karl Marx. i do not feel
utopian revolutionaries assume we do. We do that the masses will be able to reach a point
not live in a democracy because ofa variety upon which they refuse to be further ev~
of reasons including the fact that the political ploitcd and revolt in mass. Every day we wait
power and money of the special interest for a natural. spontaneous revolution. intlic
groups negate the mm of any individual or
group of individuals. Thus the individual
vote is useless. All campaigns are ﬁnanced by
contributions which enable the campaign to
work and get the people to vote. The money
that keeps politicians in political raccs is pro-
vided mainly by groups with a speciﬁc pur-
pose in mind: protecting their own interest.
These special interest groups int est their
money on American politicians in order to
inﬂuence the coarse and direction of
American economic and political policies.
The result is that student demonstrations fall
on deaf ears. The politicians are no longer
dependent upon the people. but on the

shin. One can publicize the gains being made
by the repressots: oil prices rising so high and
so fast that one cannot accurately predict tltc
rate. corporate profit margins at record highs
wliilc the nation enters a "recession." the
percent change iii earnings increasing “)6
percent for Texaco, 68 percent for Gulf Oil.
and lOX percent for Euon as we consumers
are told to accept the high price for gasoline.
Rcactionnry government pumping money iii-
to tire arms industry and threatening war in
\arious parts of tltc world where special
trading interests are threatened. Is this

i
H i
America the Beautiful?

.\lar\ian sense. we sitik deeper into rcprcv~ 1

viewpoint

  

 

 

Dutch Slobs

To the Editor:

Well. it's about that time when someone
from UAS complains about some of its
customers rather than some of them com-
plaining about UAS. Thus, l'd like to ad-
dress this letter to the Dutch Quad dining
community (you other quads might want to
listen up. too) on behalf of myself and my
fellow cafeteria workers . . .

There are many things that i can handle,
such as your remarks concerning some of the
meals we serve and even some of your excuses
when you "forget" your mealcards. But
there are more things that i cannot handle.

First. there's the mess in the dining room.
If you're ever around at the end of a tneal
you can't help but notice all the garbage left
on the tables and especially the floor ~—
napkiris, newspapers. dishes. glasses. silver-
warc. . . and food. it's not pretty to see arid
it's a lot less pretty to have to pick up half-
caieii lantbchops. chicken legs. rolls and
melted ice cream, When you "drop"
something (i should hope you didn't tltrow
it). please pick it tip and keep it oti your tray
— that's what it's for. Also, for those of you
who leave us your trays — thanks. bttt no
thanks! Rctnettibcr. the conveyor belt is ti
rtictc tcti paces front the stairs. Oh! And for
those of you on Kosher. there‘s ttlso a gur-
bttgc can there where you cart deposit your
paper goods.

Second. the way some of yott treat those of
U\ behind the serving litic nccds improve-
nteitt. Sorry. litit we cannot read ritirids, so it
is tip to you to tell us “in” you want —- i.e..
no gravy Inf/ore we pour it. We'd also up-
prcciatc it if you would bring btick your
plates when coming for seconds and thirds.
Dishcrcw does not need to worry about three
plates per tray — or five glasses for that mat-
ter (ever wonder why the diiiitig rooiii cott-
stantly runs short on glttsscsi’). Oh yes. and
please try not to stuff tlictii with fottr
napkins. mashed potatoes and art ice L‘TL‘illll
cttllt'.

These grievances and others generally only
apply to a minority of you Dutch diners and
you know who you are (so do we, but we're
often too busy to play cafeteria monitor —
besides. it shouldn't be necessary). Yes. i
know this is an age of individuality. btit cott-
l‘mlll“! itt this one instance to cleanliness
and consideration wouldn‘t littrt. in fact. it
would make dining and working on Dutch
(and other quads) much nicer.

—- Barbara chgcr

N
Sigma Tau Bow-out
K

To the Editor:

This past spring SCilte‘ylL‘l’ here at Albany
has witnessed tltc loss of a fourteen year
tradition of brotherhood. Lost only iii the

 

 

 

 

sense that Sigma Tau Betti Fraternity no

longer is able to maintain its housing re.
quirements. therefore. we are forced into let.
minating our charter.

What will never be lost. though, are the
numerous community service projects per.
formed by this group, including sponsoring
blood drives for the American Red Cross,
fund raising for the American Cancer Socie-
ty. sponsoring parties for a local school to;
the retarded, and other social functions {or
the entire university. Although the past few
years have shown a sharp decline in the at.
titudcs of the students and administrators
alike toward the organization. many of these
adverse feelings have been left unsubstan-
tiated. No group at any level or authority can
expect to be able to restrict the actions of all
its members. There are times when in-
'dividuals are responsible for an act of distur-
bance. but there can be no rectitttde in put.
ting the burden on the entire fitttcrttity.

Recently. I have learned of the liL‘lllL'lttltius
popularity of fraternity life on this campus
during the sixties and early \L‘H‘illlt's. I only
wish that i could have been part Hi this ltiltl
that this type of college life still Lttllllllllctl
here at Albany. Since 1 have spent tllst unt-
year as part of Sigma Tau Beta. this you lldy
shown me so many good times that l Ltlll only
be sad that this sort of brotherhood is un its
last leg.

Although this fraternity won't be around
after this semester, i can say that ll was [he
single most helpful influence that i hate en
countered while in college arid i only regret
that more students cotild not gi\c it a Llltllll‘L'
and feel what fraternity life is rcallv lll.L'.

— .\ltttl. ( istctitiitu
ltc.i~titci.

Sigma lair lit-ta
1070.50

Read and Let Head

To the Editor:

This letter is meant to elttr 'y the \lc‘ds i
tried to set forth in my article [Vltl‘llyllt'ti
under the title “Why We Must l-ight" llt lllc
APril l2 Aspects. The article underwent
various chattch between the author's
typewriter and the printed page. One oi llit'\L‘
was being shortened to better fit the ttsslyillcd
space —- something well within the cditoi‘v
Fights. However. this was not all. llcsidcs tin-
“‘8 this rather misleading title to an ..ninv.u
piece. the editors of Aspecti took It rill
themselves to tinker with the political v‘tllllt'ltl
of the article.

When i agreed to write the tttliclt' l wit»
given to understatid that l was free [it express
the vicwpoitit of the Young socialist
Alliance. the organization to which I twin”!!-
But when the article appeared iti ptiiit. I
found tltat the last two purttgtttplh cititcsml
a quite different point ofvicvv. lti pint- .tt int-
argttnicnts l presented in favor tit mirth»!
candidates. we read the bare fact that llll'
Socialist Workers Party is “again” ltlllltllll!

 

 

 

 

 

W952 THEM MUS, [OE
R? , -
El)?

9mg no
THE 505
w HA9

   

     
 

  

E
l
l?

IUTH5’709MLOSFOUR

2E3 affirm.” Etron. ’
\

 

 

 

 

it) THE $05
0??

 

Atﬁl .
TH A i
as. W

  

 

 

, :5) Wit ‘ A

his

it

l
fl
f
l
t
l

   
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
      
   
  

  
  
 

“I— ._.. .“u
——--—----" ' i... r p,
. ' . _ . -  l. v“,
 y
. , I

. ' 'tv
  ' g AA ‘ ’ ' r

      
   

t
,a

 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
      
   
 
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
  

 
  
 
   
 
 
 
   

 
 

 

hen be heard the first bit of news," Phil.
Tompkins was alone at his desk-puffing on.

a cigar. Sincevhis’ campus office had‘been
uncommonly cold that particular. Monday , 
orning, he wasvior’cédtto finish up: his work at home’iln;  

‘ Kent. But the change",WaS'to'po avail — he‘vhawcltr; ube
inking straight “all- da ‘ Assorted ‘lecturc; .1 nqtp ‘
térials lay scattered ’ ‘ t_a_s heqpontiie're‘cl

 
 
  
   
  
 
  

   
  
 

  

 
 
   

   
 

 

