 

. N..." ....._. c,-_ __.._ '1

 

 

. _  ...-  ...,..m,-.~..MWW-x=ss~nmuam

       

 

 

Fiction

Aspects

 

‘ Page we I

I: Contrary to popular opinion. the human race will survive.
it has to. There just exists some illogical assumption that‘ior
some unknOWn reason. mankind will continue. it’s enough
of a vagueness for individuals to press on with blind hope. ior
blind hope leads to ideas, ideas solve problems, and pro-
blems can disappear.

2: How do we'know this?

1: Well, like the birds that move through the sky for winter's
retreat. and like the snows that follow and are followed by
the following springs. the returning birds march back to vic-
tory, and it feels as if the conquering of winter was equal to
the survival of the human race.

2: But there is a beauty in winter itseli, as well as everytlting
in life that we can touch, see. ieel. imagine. or believe in. So
the survival of man means the survival oi all. For beauty may
exist outside oi us. but we have the power to destroy it.

1: it is not so muclt that we who are alive will in our owti
small way pass througlt this life. for all people do that. but
rather that we recognize liie as a boundless wonder whose
images take us up upon a magic carpet to the land of
dreams To destroy that wonder. to even attempt it. goes
against every natural law that ever created itself out of the
ways of reality Fearing rrotlrittg arid lovmg everything. this
life demands tltat we put aside our facades oi seilptlv and
put on the invisible masks of spiritual llliss (int joyous Viliitl‘
tions radiate lrotti the core iii otrr values arid disstintrlate the
'“VL'lidtt"
2: But what is this “live force?" is it the looli between lovers
when a iallirrg star erupts at a moment of climax? is it the
oneness that some people call God? Is it you and me and
every interaction of that imaginable? Or is it the force of evil
too. alive. a force. a live iorce‘.J Will you tell me? Will yoti tell
me how i can experience it. or is tlrai as obvtons as the sun
that ions the faces of beautiful tbtldierr who experience it

every day?

:Touch my not with your glass bottom boats oi deceit. your
chairs in the clrantber of terrors. These are the lukewarm ut-
terances oi linip minded ltuinaiioids. witltotit the spark of life
that consumes the plastic mold ol the toy sheep we've all
become. ‘

 

2: Hey mister. lrow cotrte your dog doesn't like rriy dog. or is
it jUSl the poor manners of its master showing? Or Would you
rather l just used you as bait on a hook. slink rtrto the groitr of
defeat. missing out as the search for love moves from a
post‘rnortern oi iear to a proclamation attd a reaiiirinatioii oi

n r A" l‘.

a positive outlook. An outlook not only about life, but also
about ourselves. This Is an interface that all must face
which separates the real and the unreal.

I: We are a nation of prunes pretending to be grapes with a
glandular problem. And grapes are of the sun but prunes
give one the runs, so‘keep your Insides undone by steering
clear of the vile one. [s that OK?

2: But contrary to popular opinion, the hurrran race will sur‘
vive. i just ieel it in the wind, in the thoughisloi my tomor~
rows and my grandchildren's kin. in the bouglts oi time. the
crests oi the waves oi progress, the ends oi the very world.
Call me not a rank optimist. but a realist. For if you cart call
me that. tiren you can believe that.

1: Without regard for the song. the player must carry the
tune, so it is also-with us as we face our todays alone. By
ourselves but not isolated. it is like the drop that makes a
river. but the river cart never make a drop We were not in-
tended to be prodttcts prepackaged, like horse droppings oi
poor stature swept up iii a coniirtirrg stable. packaged. and
sold, and pushed wtiir the ialseness oi the glitter boys iroiri
Madison Ave We are not to be vrittins oi airy sort of con
gaiite (iii any level. only Victims of our own hearts and
minds We cannot rely on the sotrn es of so-called strength
that deplete the World with destrut lion and dread and war
These are not the tliirtgs to rely on. bitt rather things to rely

\

   

Wml

on only as a sort of permanent balance. an issue to fight. a
cause to rally against, a disease to cure. Rather we must rely
on constants, such as goodness ll should like to think it Is)
and the need for brotherhood and love which makes us men
and women and not fancy apes.

2: Take no heed oi the call oi this world. for only the wind
brings with it the rain and the snow. The wind seeks no home
as it comes togrest upon us all, both large and small. llitpdi‘
ting all it has to offer, asking only to be heeded as a iriend iii-
stead of a fee. And the wind leaves agairt. whether you've
befriended it or not. whether you've heeded it or not.
whether you've been a victim of it or a lover oi it. And we ex-
ist with the wind, between its currents, within them. and we
don't see it but we know it's there and that doesn'tscare us.

1: So what oi those forces. those "live forces?" Can they riot
exist too. also invisible, but also poweriul enough to fell a
tree? Or plant one?

2: As the books open. and the mouths close. the day begins.
bttt we cart find no answer by noon. so we take a break to
reflect upon tlte morning only to find that answers abound
and there exists no reason to lock up our hearts behind the
walls of indifference. like the wealtmirtded souls who take to
the road of happiness as if it were a cure all for the sickness
that kills the womb, cuts oil the balls. and aborts the inelings
oi us all. 0

 

 

(—A Journey For AI ,

Completed By Some

l’m now close to a peak of a mountain.
I’ve been climbing this mountain for a very

 

-Bob Hoiborok W t

 

 

 

Floods have come and washed me back
down —- but yet, sometimes, they were mere
sprinkles. Illusion’s in my mind.

long time.

 

l’d stop climbing.

 

Be to the point where I’d feel I’ll climb no
more. But always there’s a thought: A feeling
within me that says

“I must conquer, make that peak, get on
the never ending road to learning and living.
For below me lies a desert of emptiness,

 

Darkness and Death.

The thirst of a need for something to sup-

 

On the other side of this mountain lies
paradise, beautiful flowers, all waiting to be
discovered; new things to learn, to' love, and to

port my life.

 

understand.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L ~— l’ll die in sorrow

 

and in this vast confusion of things, i’ll find
my way —— or maybe

Fools’
Paradise

Stark reality is harsh
Much more than it seems
So we reach for an escape
But it is too easy . . .

and too pleasurable.
Our minds become distorted
images, I
The false reflections seem
vivid and lifelike

ut often they hurt
And

~Rania Bratberg

sometimes they
« destroy

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I

 

      
  
 
   
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
      
  

.

..r.

 

' : ever said anything vaguely related to the need ior advance

'3 America. Be prepared to ride bust». in Morot r o My t‘trliipit

'} towns. btit i never ltad the tune to ‘a'attlt Mllitit'trtlt buses

Survival Gulde

u ‘ Page 11a '

 

Ronna Mandel

This article is not geared towards Individuals like my
brother who ask. "Will i be able to plug irt my blower
everywhere and watch TV?" Rather. it is aimed at those who
can go au natural and kiss the tube good-bye (at least for
several weeks).

i am taking this opportunity to pass on some notes l have
gathered while travelling. ior i believe that even Arthur and
Hope Frommer iailed to stress some important information
in their biggie. Europe on Ten Dollars a Day (rtow tip to ill
teen dollars a day).

if this is going to be your iirst time travelling around the
Continent and Great Britain. 1 envy you. But all the while I
may be jealous oi the wild adventures that await you. i cart
happily write this story lit the contiort of my apartment You
shall see that student travel is not a first class deal, not Would
it be half as challenging if it were. Let me explain

The trains in Spain move slower than a grounded plane.
and when they did move quickly. they were full of soldiers
and there was no roortr to sit. You cart pay extra for a iastet
train. but they only leave at certain times and the schedules
cart get very coniusirtg. That's wiry iii Spain one should allot
. oneself sortie extra emergency time, i left about Mr; days
' leeway for stalled. or late trains. Such preparation kept my
itinerary intact. Making estimates to the hour are virtually illl
, possible in a Country Where trains could run from one ltali to
several hours late. and that's no exaggeration Diana Nyad
.' could have swunt irorii Barcelona to Malaga quicker than it
took me by rail.

Greece is another winner. i loved the place. really I did.
but the transportation is lit dire need oi triodernimtiori, The
ytralns were crowded when l was there and so I was advised
t to make reservations irt advtrnce Once on the train. my
.( reservation was disregarded. Tire conductor did not want to

' . be checking tickets, he wanted to be dancing and drinking

’Oozo, So (lid l, The buses were a much cheaper. faster. and
more scenic way to travel. The small towns the buses go
.‘ through cart often be more interesting than the final destiria
A tion. Tire rest stops are fun because riders all run out ior ten
7‘ minutes to grab a bite and everyone returns with the same
purchases. except everyone has paid a different price. The
Greek merchants tertd to keep a penny or two, but ii you
 notice you litrvrbeen gypperl. they will kindly return the
..‘change. When you are not watching your cash. someone
else is.
One other iinal note on Greece. which also could apply to
Morocco, beiore i move on. Don't let anyone last talk you iii-
ito btiying anything. be it ltas’h pipes or an excursion ticket ior
ladies under thirty only. i say be wary because even travel
‘agents cart rook you ior all your spending money. lpairl ior a
.boat ticket once for a ride that went irom Brindisi (southern
rltaly) to Corfu (a Greek island). When I boarded the liner late
’ one evening. keen on sortie sleep, l was toirl that my ticket
',"did not allow rrte use oi a cabin as I had been led to believe it
would. Naturally i had to shell otit ior extra cash ii i desired
that bunk (the captain said travellers checks would be tine!)
Several days later, ready to leave Corln. ldiscoyered i would
A be unable to leave the island by boat for Athens because i
i ltad not purchased a ticket for Athens irt ltaly. The (Torin
_ travel agents said they were not under the jurisdiction to sell
l tne a seat on the liner once i had arrived iti Greece. No one

reservations straight through to Athens before i attempted to
‘ go there. Stranded iii (Torin? No. i managed to go the local
V: bus to fishing boat to bits to train route. all ill the same time it
 look the liner.
r, Now i touch lightly Ull‘Miltttth sirue being dramatic Is
i, neVer a suitable way to deal With this roti'rtry ill North

 niarts and l were told there \vere train stations in many oi the

' are a trip in themselves! Old sypirrlliiit .ritl"'t‘\.’i‘ll men. amok
log kii'i irt pipes as long as their arms. rode the hoses just for
the sake of sotrtething to do l’eoplr- wavvd an the bust-s [llil'
l|'li'il past. arid carirels test ill the distant e lire rilllltt‘iltlll'lt'
1': lazy and most everyone you Illt't'l gets high Most

everyone you meet will try to sell you hash also. «input tally iii
the hash dens where rt'lv great to lll‘ri '.tt .iroirrul. diiriltittg
lltlitl tea and soaking up the .iiltlllttltt e

The border guards are an liilll ial patir iii the an» lured to
(toss into Morocco horn (lento. a 't|tttlli'rlt iolonv irt North
Africa with some (Taitadian lllt'lltl‘t lire irtan at the i ttts‘rllttl
said. “All Canadians. okay Airrertians, liitlit'l it. you all
route here to smoke ltaslt arid grit high " l Utt‘iiitlt'l‘r seemed
to love the Canadian ll'ert'llt‘l‘r and singled irltl the
[\trret‘tr’aits as trouble, and l objet it'd Alli-r a ltali hour or so

 

 

oi frantic pleading (the guards need their irli of that. too). MI
Tough (my relented and let its paw. A-. we handed out
packs for inspei iron. i heard the big man about. "No lititt'lr.
Ho Americans, only Canadians 'l he test oi yrrit, «to back arid
wait." '

littavre the discussion oi Morotio to introduce l'rancr'. it's
good th have air idea oi the French language when going to
l‘lliit‘l Morocco or lir‘artl‘t‘ i lived llt l’atts lot a 'rt’lltt‘Hll't sol
v‘il'itlltl‘ a ltrt oi llll'ill it atrd travelled a great deal on
weekends.

The SNCF (l'it‘lll'll National italil r-r i‘llli'll'lil arid prorrrpt
Witir an litieillail, one can hop on a tralit In a ‘r|il|l second
and mom out of town. lireard horn iriends that the l'tirail
Hill'illlﬂfiirlflllili‘lt‘ti lrgioie ligarding a t.ralr_r>and litgt's a detail l|

 

considered when choosing the lnterRail as my means oi
travel. Usually the country you're interested in travelling
through oiiers a pass for train rides. but i am not familiar with
all the facts concerning costs and length of these.
Hitchhiking in France is a luxurious change irorrr stuiiy
train cars. Kind people pick up American students and fre-
quently engage in conversation about crime itr New York
obviously this occurs when it's evident you‘re American i
remember one tirrre ialling asleep in the back seat'while my
irierid Diane tried desperately to stay awake and chat tip
iront will] the (ll'l"L‘l i wasn't woken up until we ltad arrived
at our destination The gentlerrien even offered us sortie
lunch he had lit a bag, and told us to be careful when we
"Farre dn l'lllCli-l'lll‘lllg" again Telling hitchers to be careful
is always necessary. although thc incident oi crime on the
roads irt liuropeaii countries is so slim rtorrrpaied to that of
the U 5.. where i \votild avoid liitcltitig even iii a one horse

Vtown

Another time Diane and l were picked up by Mark and
Michelle as we left Belgium ior Luxettibourg This young
couple. dressed itt jeans and driving a battered-up Volvo. tit-
vtted my irierid and | to a wedding iii the country We got
there and realized it was a posit party with the [our of us
dressed like stable hartds oi the seventeenth century manor
house The bride arid grootti made us ieel welcome as we
dined on pate. chairtpagne. caviar. and pastries It is wild
how ltitclttrtg iit litirope promotes rnarty ritenrorahle ex
perieiices, while elsewhere it is not always the case. ()n the
highways. the truckers iii Fitit or Meiecedes rigs stop and
pick up hitchers because they enjoy the company. even ti the
hitchers do trot speak a \vord oi the native tongue, You may
even get lucky and get taken to lunch at a truckstop. whenI
the food is often better titan a ittilti&'~(‘tit)ltt_‘tl meal.

(in a less positive note are the trains in ltaly 'l by resernbl

ed diners on wheels. packed with passezrge r eating their -

way down the line. The whole system appeared to ire so
hapha/ardly organized I imagined the ticket clerks sayittg.
"()h. yoti wanna go to Route? Well. triaybe trairt arrive soon,
lsay Maybe " When the trairi iirtally does pull into the sta-
tion. iinding out the track number becomes .inother ordeal
()ne lilill' my girliriends Steiii. Amy. and Karen. were on a
trairi bottrrd for Florence (Fiiertae). I mention this irrcidettt

because it deals with a situation quite common among norr

llalian speaking traveller's. Stelii‘dectderl to roarrr the traiii
just as it departed irorn one of its stops along the way to
Firerr/c. Suddenly she realized her car had detached ironr
the others. ready to move on to parts unknown The coir
ductor never told her to ruit for it. but site did Racing madly.
Steiir looked like an outlaw as she tried to hop onto the rrrov-
lrrg trairt. This woinart made a triistitke by not asking if her car
and all the others were headed ior Florence. Sometimes the
irtdividual cars are not marked on the outside with the
iaittiliat while destination signs in this event. it becomes
necessary to ask, otherwise you may go to Sit tiy while your
iriends roll on to Rome.

lieiore describingth United Kingdom. when- 1 also lived
ior a semester. 1 wish to remark brieily about Swrss. Austrian.

‘ “4‘ is.) .w

 

So You Want 'l'o Go To Europe?

and Yugoslavian trains. The Swisstralns ran as smoothly as a
Swiss watch. Most oi the people in Switzerland spoke Ger.
man. but the French-speaking Swiss 1 encountered were

. helpful in finding me a warm car where i could pull the seat

out into a bed. it took a lot of effort to pretend l was in a hotel
room wheit three other people were lying next to me, some
with their feet itt my lace. Often trains are so crowded you
will be forced to lay out on the floor as i once did. gasping
from the foul smell of Gaulols cigarette butts. One thing i
noticed in Europe was that everyo’ne seemed to smoke. and
they indulged excessively aboard trains.

Travelling through Yugoslavia on a 42‘lrour train ride
could never be considered a pleasant experience. i sat next
to my iriend Karen and bitclted to her through the entire
journey. Otto. a Yugoslavian student educated in Australia.
irritated me for at least thirty ltours by smoking. Rules for no
smoking are not enforced. it's a tough-luck-Cltarlle kind oi
feeling for the non-smoker on these occasions. A woman
who would not offer us any food had the nerve to put her
head on Karen's shoulder and go to sleep. I looked more
outraged than Karen because this woman also never stopped
talking until her eyes closed. All this would not happen in
Great Britain.

There's a story about smoking on British trains and it
begins with a cabin oi three ilne men sitting iii a non-smoking
car. Soon a lunatic enters and begins jumping wildly. trying
to avert the men's eyes iroiti their London Times. Next he
starts rippiitg and shredding the British Rail seats and
shouting era/.y words. Not an eyelid blinks. He pulls away
their papers. Nothing. l'le slaps someone, No response,
Frustrated. he reaches for a cigarette and goes to light up.
lSorry." the men say. “No smoking please."

The British Rail is another efficient system i encourttered
alter those of France. Switzerland. and Germany Schedules
(timetables) are easy to read arid there are usually no delays.
But. like irt most British ironies. not too much attention is
placed on heating the cars and I wonder il this is reverse in
summer.

Crossing the channel by liovercrait or goiitg to Ireland by
boat cart be plenty of itiit A- oit twu drarnamirtes. ii the water
is too rough. boats cart be postponed or cancelled However.
I had the rotten luck to be on a rocky ride on my way to
Dublin for Saint Patty's day i don't think i ever left the ladies
rttt)ttt.

Though such urtcomiortable situations do arise. for the
most part excursions throughout the UK, itave been highly
rated by those fortunate enough to travel overse s, Friends
who have liitclted have been feasted lli Wales. housed in
Scotland, aitd entertained lit lrelartd.

So. do you still want to go to Europe? Since you'll spend
hall your time away iii sortie mode of transportation, it is im»
portant as a prospective traveller that you galrr some
enlightenment regarding the many possible obstacles. if you
now know to look for fold out beds on trains. act weird to
discourage other passengers iroin crowding your cabin. or
close the lights and curtains and feign sleep, then )U are
ready to hit the road. .

 

 

 

 

