  
   

 

wr:atsawm~c ._..c A.

 

 

 

aRatﬂll‘it'il

’ PRESENT...

Dﬂgllilli

crime

Willi—infill gldElClll‘llL ﬂung)
AT THE

Pth __
THENRE

Sort. . March q ""

TICKETS ON SALE — LnEDNESDA\\\3—RN.3O and
 /" THURSDPN.1'RN.3\, IN THE
. Iv, lfLXCm“

RECQRD coop
 W/rml

_ AND At ‘Sosvn- Sotxlb not) THE
SR FUNDED

  

[WEBB]?me -~

.~ Beginning February 1 1th

(reattve
convenience

(the refrigerator company)

 
 

 

     
   
   
 

   

   

can be reached
24 hours a day

7 days a week
at 869-5005.

        
        
 
  
  

  
 

 

 

 

   

@GA servesg

FR\DR"l FEB. Isa
Tectonic Employers
[Londllorcoﬂs Job hunters
Students (City
@nﬁverslrty \
Community Activists
Women Reoroters
@onsumers mm

     
       
 
    

Ponders

     
     
     
  
 

©CA has info @ng

 
  

[Lon«littorrdﬂ’otntorm? llorw

 
 

Security
Utilities
Consumer Hallo
[Loose-pa
Buses
And mtuelln, much more...

 
 
      
   
    
  

  

I lFllrruoﬂ out? “bf/linen? ooze  {for yours Store by @w leftists-at @tr @Ctt tests

   

(anytime. ©tt[,®lltt©n@ 

  
 

 

 

 

    
  

  
  

   
   
    

comment —~ I

 

sider \vottten secottd class eiti/erts. artd t'eeI
erttitled to say arty ot'l'ensite. obscene
remarks they like; bill I certainly ltope. for
tlte sake of tlte world. tltat tltcrc aren‘t too
tttatty people wlto sltare Robert l.erner‘s
ideas.

(‘arolyn Brook

What’s Education?

To tlte Editor:

While talking to a professor ol‘ rttitte, lte
asked me what I thought education was.
Well, the first tltirtg that came to my mind
was what education was not. Education is'
rtot memorizing tlte G.N.P. We w ttot ptrt
here to regurgitate exactly wltat orte man or
woman of superior age dectrts ttecessary. We
are here to question; Do yott krtow tltat last
spring semester I took l3eo IOOA and
couldn‘t tltittk of otte question tltat there
rnigltt rtot be art artswer to?

Attd we talk about a mind bcittg a terrible
tltittg to waste. We've got to see past that
grade poittt average. Sometimes I feel like so-
nteorte is trying to mold tts all irtto ottc form
of human bcin r; shallow. We can't let
"them" do it. THINK. LEARN. QUES-
TION. Question wlty the btts system is so
had. Question why U.A.S. ltas a monopoly
on this campus. Question the ineffectiveness
of ottr student government. ls it jttst a tokctt
concession? is it jttst a tnoldirtg grottttd for
tomorrow's bureaucrats? Please. for your
sake. for tuittc. for everybody's, don't let
anything pass you by. Open your eyes. The
titne is ripe. The titttc is now.

 

Sincerely,
Alart l:rltlkltt

Inform Us, Please

‘l'o tlte Editor: ‘

Late last rttorttlt. Physical Plant Director
Dennis Stcycns inforttted students that a rc-
ccnt “position freeze" has rcsrrltetl lit a
rcdrtctiort of SUNYA btts drivers. attd that -
buses cart tto longer be expected to "meet
announced schedules." While it is unfor-
tttttate tltat bus service ttttrst be reduced. I ant
perfectly willing to accept this small tncorryer
nicrtcc as art incyitablc consequence ot’
budgetary cutbacks. the cancellation or a
few bus rtttts will not ltrrtt dowrrtowtt
strtdcttts too severely. What I catrtrot ttcL'epl.
ltowcver. is the fact that we are rtot being told
w lticlt rttrts they are.

Mr. Steverts said rtcarly two weeks ago that
schedule changes would he tttade as quickly
as possible. So far. none have been publiciz—

  

Welcome

   

by Hubert Kenneth Dickey

Even today, the United States is unwilling
to accept the lrartiart revolutiott. unwilling to
apologize for past tttisdeeds and unwilling to
refrain from meddling itt lrattiart affairs.

Rather than accept tltc fact that captivity
does trot automatrcally cancel out logic. the
United States ltttds it necessary to develop a
“syntlt'otttc.” ltt otdet to come to grips with
reality. an abetrattt pathology is created.
'l‘htts. tlte Urtitcd States embraces a tcrttt tltat
cart simplify a cotttplck phenomenon artd cv-
plairt away its unpleasant irttplications.

The U..‘s'. has failed to rcali/e that all
beliefs may become useless and. indeed ptt-
falls. Understanding and knowledge are corn-
plctely different sensations iii the realm of
truth then they are irt the realm of society.

There is a revolution going on in America-
'l‘hc World; a sltittirtg irt tltc winds»
vibrations. as disruptive as art actual cat'th«
tremor. bttt it is happening. irr ottr hearts.
'l‘hct'c is a revolution gotttg itt /\tttcriert¥l'ltc
World; a change as will as blackening skies
when tlte raitrs cortte. as v r and Ire-.lt as the
air alter the raitt. We need change. the seeds
of revolution were planted lllllltllt'tls ol \t'ill .
ago in the souls ol brave men,

 

..
Imperialism it. rlrt l‘t'llllillllls‘ «it Ill» “HIM-
systtrntatie pt'ttlttttlt'l ot room-n t"~ rhythm

and lliltltslttl .t lit" tttrtt turtlu Iltt or.

M

t

   
 

 

ed. While I trrrdcrstattd that intricate ad-
ntinistratiye work such as cattccllirtg bus runs
takes tirtte. l wottld like to remind Mr.
Stereos that it is rather cold outside. 7'
tltis week. a do/en people attd l l'acetl sub-
/ero weather for a half ltorrrwlrile waitirtg for
two busscs wlrielt. unbekrrownst to us. were
not very likely to rtteet announced schedules.
llad Mr. Stevcrts let people krtow about this.
I might ltaye gorte to the bus stop for art
earlier rtttt. nrtd rttaybe even ltavc made it to
class on time.

I wotrld like to rtote. finally. that inst
because btt\ eartcellatiorrs aren't being
prthlici/ed doesn't rttcatt tltey don't c\ist. A
friend of mine. for c\ample. recently receiyctl
top secret information from a bus driver that
tlte 7:20 p.m. ttttt from Alumni will no longer
grace the pavements of Western Atcnue. I
hope this infortttation will leave at least a few
residents of Alrtrntti Quad a little less I'rostbit-
ten.

 

llrttcc I-'o.\

.
We Did It!
To the Editor:

I would like to take this opportunity to
congratulate my fellow dartcers who attended
the dance maratltort last Friday artd Saturday
to raise money ftrr 'l‘cletlton. [Especially those
who Ite|d_out for the fttll 24 hours. For those
of tts who were there. it was art exciting artd
rewarding c\pcriencc. It was terrilic to see a
group of complete strangers at (t I’M on I-‘ri-
day becorttc a close knit group of friends who
were all working together at (r PM on Satur-
day. ‘l’he dattcers got to know each other.
latrglt together. artd kept eaclt others spirits
up. At the ettd of tltc tttatatltort the entire
dance floor became a single circle nnrytng to
the music.

llttt we couldn't have kept going il’it wan‘t
for the 'lelcthort crew. 'l'ltcv were absolutely
the rttost patient and warrrt people I hate c\er
ltad tlte pleasure ol dealing with.

The ottly suggestion l could Itlttkvc tot
Dance Marathon ‘t-ll would bc an intprtwc-
ttterrt ot the food ptotided for the dancers.
We were gi\ctt three sandwiches itt 34 hours.

'l’ltc l)nttcc Marathon c\pcticncc is one l‘ll
treyer lot'get. l‘\t't}‘t>t|t.‘ should test tltcit en»
tlnt'ance at least once; especially since it is lot
a wot thy cause. And it's eycn tttore fun when
you're with beatttitttl people like tltc crew
attd other dancers nearby. t‘ongratttlatiotts
everyone on a iob well dorre.

Sincerely.
Dancer No.

 

 

 

 

  

editorial

  

‘ Excuse Me

OK. I admit it. I krtow nothing about journalism, bttt l thought it would be fun to run a
newspaper. Like Charles Foster Kane. or even Rupert Mttrdoelt. I cared less about journalism
and rrtore about the media as a powerful, useful tool for any society. Instead ofa bunch of
stul‘t‘y old rules about wlterc to stick commas artd things. I decided to rely on truer things like
persotral ethics. artd good old gut feeling about what SUNYA students really wanted. [stuffed
this paper with people I felt could do that. and me arid the gang ltave tried with all our ASPir-
ing hearts to make tlte paper just wltat students wanted. something tltey could relate to. be on
common grotrtrd witlt. feel they cart count on. I lovingly worked my butt off to give this damn
tlrirtg to you. to be a stay e to your desires (attd a few of mine), and il‘there's been a single word
in it that‘s sparked you to arty entotiort ~ laughter. anger. praise. appreciation — tltett I guess
I've been sttecesst'ttl.

Editor-lolly. I ltttve subjected the students of SUNYA to subjective. moralistic hand slapp-
ittg. atttl I still have this feeling that just abortt all the more tangible "issues" I might have
written about could be solved more easily it’ the moralistic decline itt America was stopped. if
tltc tpproaclt towards edtrcatiott was different on all levels. if the future was examined more
wisely. Maybe the prc/edertt can't even do that attyrttore. maybe it has to be something each
persott rttttst rcali/e alone. llut. for tlte last time ever. I ask yott to consider every bit of your
c\istence. time attd tittte agairt. attd think about tlte fttttrre attd tltc world your children might
enter. I thank you for indulging ttte.

Students ol‘ Albany. I inr/eer/ rntrst tltartk you. You have created a rttart. simply because you
were here when l was. artd yott c\istcd as a part of this place called SUNYA that will never go
by entirely. tlecause of my position as editor here. l was swept irtto art obsession of knowing
who you were. all of yotr. arid krtowittg ltow we could all change. All I ltave dorte is offered
wltat I feel honestly irt my heart to be sertsible alleys towards soltttiotts. alleys for change, and
strrttetltiug to read over ltrttelt. Little was original; it was the ideas ol'great men who were heed-
ed by a small minority. rttcrt who‘ve c\istcd for ages. an ittspiratiort l'or tts today as we draw
trcarer and ttcarer to the rttost critical tirtte ever. Apocalypse Now?

lly the way. l love The New York I’os‘l. l.et's face it. the majority of non-intellectual
Americans seek their opittiorts from arty viable source. like a handshake from a presidential
carttpaignct. t‘or' c\ample. Asa matter of fact. irttellcctttal Amerrca does so too. tttorc subtly.
\‘\’h.'rte\ct that \iablc sorrrcc is. it is ccrtaittly going to be quite opinionated. and it's jtrst a
question of wlticlt opinion will get to the public at the ltest tittte. lt‘s tttarketirtg and strategy.
arttl that's all. So [he l’trv/ is open about it. Thu New l'ork 'l‘t/Ilt's is a lot rttore subtle. but
both haye the same goal. attd Iml/l swing a lot of opinion power. The trtotiyation 7— sell more
papers, raise ad rates -- is all wrong. hrtt that's goyerttment‘s fault. attd capitalistic westertt
ridiculousness. the theory is basically qttitc ok. though. it you get my drift.

So I (ignoring the ttaditiottttl editorial “\ve“) atn leaving thc-.-l.S'/’ today. attd because of all
that. it‘s tough. It‘s tough becattse I loved it. I loy ed the people here. and I loved you because
maybe you glanced at it. And 'l'trcsday. you'll still glance at it. just like today. but for one
than, you'll be glancing at a (llllL‘tClll prodttct. llrc clock is still ticking ~ it ticked tttc away
trout this job. and soon from SUNYA itscll' ~~ so ltccd it. Donut be obsessed by it. but note
it. tt'aIi/c the potency ol change. take athantagc of your ltlc, and table eaclt moment as ctct»
trity.

‘\s a tcptcscntatitc of the .IISI’ - no. as ct en more » as the.-|.S‘/’itselt. I say goodbye with
a |Ill\ltttt' |ll rcliet. satislaction. tleple‘s'dtttl. a tear or two. atttl the sound ot that clock muting
rttc on to the ttc\l step. It rruy fun to ttrtt tl newspaper. because it ‘s ill” to “w. it's ltttt to lose.
tt's ltttl to do. It's c\cn Illtt to leave. attd I got to do all ol that here.

| tltttl_t.'lt ol tltrs tlti\cl, though m enjoy your litc .‘ttttl bcittg. and bye bye bye bye bye. And
bye.

— .lay l}. (iisscn

 

 

é

A

 

Qulncy Neulg. ISditnr ttt l‘ltte/

 

 
  
  
 
 

to Reality

ittlttttttart social structures irt the world.
Ridiculous ostrich-like politics. that derty the
international character ot contemporary
social revtrltttiorts. A pretest to show solidari.
ty with “Yankee irnperiatisrtt" and its policy
ol'donunation and ctrslttvetttettt ol tltc world.
l’tttting tltc brake on revolutionary action
atrd asserting their shameful ath ridiculous
political deals because tltey ltatc caricatttred
tlre teyolutionary ideals turning tltcrrt into a
dogmatic opium without content. t 'onycttinc
tlre orrntni/ntrons ot the people‘s struggle irr-
to instttrtttcnts of conciliation with c\tctrtal
and internal exploiters artd proponents ot
politics which ltave nothing to do with the
real interest ot exploited peoples on earth.
'llte t'netny which we tnrw lace and light
was a decadent colonial power. now tltrs
enemy is equipped with tltc rttost tttodcrn
techniques and industries. A monstrous
political superstructure prey ails irt this court-
t t yr, no lottch does tltc idyllic hotn'gcoise
republic c\ist ltI the people's rttittd. A rrtoral
barharousncss ol art irrational. obsessed,
brutal and inlttttnatt ‘tyslcrn cnr'ttlfs the PL’tl»
ple in its try-gtcsiyc wars. its polittcal crimes.
tts racial altcrtatiorr. its niggarttlv hierarchy
ol the ltttttrart being and tltc repugnant
stjttnndcrtrrg of economic. scientiﬁc. and
human rt-sotrttt-s ol it . tvyt-rtviown. tvattron

.trt .tlttl tttptc sttt' ttllll|.tl\ .ttnt-H t‘ll'

Ron Levy. Rlchard Behnr. Managua} lfrlttnrs
News Editor . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . Mrcltr'le Israel
Assocllte News Editors. . . . . . . Laura Flotilnlll'lt). Sylvia Saunders
ASPectI Edlton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Stuart Matranga. lloer'Britm
Associate ASPectn Editor . . . Suzanne Gerber
Sports Editor. . . . . Paul Schwartz
Assocl-te Sports Editor Bob Bclltrlrorc
Editorial Pages Editor . . . Steven Rolnik

Stallwrlters: Charles licll. l’a: Huntley. Andrew (fattnll. Karen From. Mike Fried. Mrtlltt't'll
tit-trrtte. lztl lirrotlttttnt. l.drtV t<atrnftmugtas Kolttr. l)t‘lll7lt' ly'ttpl. Sttstttt Mtlltgttn. Mtcltelle M-tt'ktell.
l\'.rtltt/ l’t'ttllr. “ltltl‘lltl liosenlrtttttu. tlt'il Ht‘ltttdoll, l’rotlt ‘it-kt't. Aron Stttitlt. Dobbin Srnttlt Zodlac
and Preview: Carol Vollt. .larmc Klein News Edltor Emeritus: Aron Smith

Debbie Kopl, Iittstrrcss Mttrtrtyjr‘r

Advertlalng Manager

Bllllng Accountant . . .
Assltttant Accountant . . . . . .

Composition Manager

. . Steve (ioltlstetrt

. . Instr Applt-haum
llcnrut- Brown. Mtriam liaspler

' l‘ratt (ilnecltert

Sales: Rn lr St lrorrnnjer. lilt’lt Scqustrrr Classiﬁed Manager: Rolrm llluclt Composltlan: Milo-
Mr ltrtrtttld lVl-Ittt‘ lltartt llt. Marilyn Mosltowrt/ Advertising Production Manager: Soc
llrrttsrrttttr Advertising Production: lztlttlt l‘lctclsrrtr. Mttttt' /\tttlt' ('ttlttVtto. ’l'trntnr‘u (iciqt'r. nlll\.‘
(rtrltlstt'ttr l’t'ttttt/ (llt‘l‘ll‘rlt’lll. littllr Mtrtsdttrt. Jov l’rt-lt'r. Stow lioltrns Olllcc Stu": liontttc
“rtoyt'lts. butt-co ly’oltrrts

Jordon Metzger. Rob E. Grubnmn. Production Managers
Eric Koll. Vincent Alello. Elissa Beck. Assut'rtnt' l’rtrttut tron Managers

Vertical Camera
Typist Extrunrdlnaire

Drive llttrrjtttttitr
llnrrlt‘s t‘lurk

Paste-up: l.Istt llotnptrrrnr Mttrtt' llttll-tlltl .loo littt'drt-tttt Typlots: liosctnatv lt'rttrtti Marttt
(irrltatttro. Scptt'tnbor ls'lt'nr. ltt'lrbtt‘ knelt. Hubble St'lnlltt. 7..ttt Stttltl. l-tllllt' thllt'ts Pro-
ofreaders: liacln-l (Ittlttvrt. .‘sut‘ I It lrtt'rrstt-trr. Chnuﬂeur: 'l'ont Saluttr

Photography. supp/rot! prnrttptt/lr' lttt llItIttt'tstlt I‘ltottr St'rtrrt'c

4 Estuhlluhed 1916
Ha All/tutu t'rtttti-vrl I'rt'ss 1-. [tttlrlrsln'rl t'rrt'rt' 'l‘ttt'mlttu ttrrtl ltrtlutt tltttlllt; lltt' stlurttl L‘t‘tll lot the
Allnun: t‘dllt/l‘lll l‘tt'ss t‘lnprrrtttnrrr. tor nttlt'pt'rrtiorrt not [or profit l'tlllltlltllttl” [tllltttttll polrt‘u ts
.luttwmw ’ ’w tlt- I tIlItIl .rt t‘lrto/ tl'ttl ts ‘ultll/t't I It‘ v. lllt'll‘ hc the I .lrtorrtrl Horn.) Mar/nut .\tltlr.~.s
.‘lllttlltt .‘trtttltvnr I‘tt-w.. t‘t‘ .Lr"! Hurt lt‘.t-.I.:trtrttn. Aw Ni 1 '
rat): I new

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

, ‘ﬁwﬁﬂ"

