 
 
 
   

 

3....

 

anus-an

   

Rea'ga -

Progressive Conservatism

jeffrey Shapiro

The word “conservative” is anathema to
much of the youth of America. To many
students the word “conservative” implies
anti-progressivism. a disregard for in-
dividual rights. and racism. Nothing could
be farther from the truth. Conservatism.
especially in the 1980's. is overflowing with
ideas and programs to move America into
the future. Conservatives believe that the
individual is sacred; that the power of the
government comes from the people; that
any increase in government power can only
come about thtough a decrease in in-
dividual freedom. Conservatives believe
that discrimination in any form is wrong
and that all men should be encouraged to
develop to their full potential without
restrictions or handicaps.

Ronald Reagan is a subject of controver-
sy both at SUNYA and in the nation at
large. Much of the public's unease with
Governor Reagan is a result of a
tnisunderstanding of the conservative prin-
ciplcs on which he bases his policy sugges-
tions. Nowhere is this more trttc than irt the
field of economies.

One of the lessons of history is tltat there
is a thin litre between tlte use and abuse of
r‘ower. Unfortttnately tltis lesson has been
torgorten by many in our government.

’since 1932 there ltas been an explosion of
federal agencies designed to monitor and.
oven tnore otninous. curtail tltc activities of
private citizens. Conservatives fear and
detest the word “big” when it is used as an
adjective. Big Business. llig Labor. Big
lirothcr. attd especially liig (iovcrnmerrt are
looked on uskancc by conservatives.
l‘tL't‘dttm arid Liberty are the cornerstones
of trt'trservative philosophy. Thcrc cart be
no political freedom witlrottt economic
freedom. There cart be no liberty witlrotrt
tltc power to decide your own destiny.
Government is steadily cucroching on that
power.

Governor Reagan’s economic policies are
dcsigtrcd to remove government restrictions

‘ on private citizens. He plans to implimcnt

\r

new programs dealing with “supply side
economics. Rotrald Reagan believes. along
with many economists, that inflation occurs
when the growth rate of total spending
(notnitral GNP) exceeds the growth of pro-
ductiotr (real GNP). Therefore. to restore
the economy to a normal state. spending
must decrease and production rnttsi in-
crease. Tu increase production both
businesses and private citizens mttst be af-
forded substantial relief from taxes artd

regulations to provide incentives for invest-
ment and production.

To do this Ronald Reagan advocates the
passage of various congressional bills
designed to cut taxes. Among these are the
Kemp-Roth bill. which would cut income
taxes 30% over the next three years. 8-2878
proposed by Senator Dole. which would
allow business depreciation levels to keep
pace with inﬂation. and the Saving and in-
vcstment Encouragement Act which would
end taxation on corporate dividends and
savings interest.

Governor Reagan recognizes the fact that
there are people in this country with special
economic problems. These people will not
be forgotten in the Reagan Administration.
For workers who have lost their jobs
because they lack certain skills or are vic-
tims of a changing technology, Reagan
would act to itnplcrncnt job retraining and
job placetncttt programs.

Matty of our inner city neighborhoods
resemble pictures of Lorrdort after Nazi
hotnb attacks. Vacant buildings. piles of
rubble. and hopeless people are all that are
left of these once thriving districts. To cor-
rect this sittration Ronald Reagan proposes
the adoption of "Enterprise Zones". This

concept is the work of New York Con—v

gressmen Jack Kemp (R.) and Robert Gar-
cia (1).). The bill that they introduced to
Congress has bi-partisan strpport irt both
houses and ltas been spoken favorably of by
Vernon Jordan of the Urban League and
Representative Augustus Hawkins ol' the
lilack Caucus.

Briefly. the Kcmp-(iarcia bill providcs
that when an area has an unemployment
level dotrblc the national average and at
least 30% of its people are below tltc pover-
ty litre. it will be declared art "enterprise
zone." Then. the state. with consettt frorn
the local authorities. will reduce property
taxes by 20% over a four-year span. The
federal govertrtrrctrt will tltcrr redtrcc its
taxes. Social Security payroll taxes will be
rcdttced 90% for yotrtlt and 50% for adults;
capital gains taxes will be cttt in half; cor-
poratc taxes by 15%; small businesses
would be allowed a three year tax write off
of the first $500,000 of assets purchased itr a
year.

One corrrrrtotr thread runs through these
proposals: a return to individual ecorrotnic
freedom. These programs are well thotrglrt
out. practical. attd have. as their base.
a deep regard for. and trust iii. the workers
of this rratiott.

 

Concert Board Responds" to Students

To the Editor:

i'm writing to clarify further the Univer-
sity Concert Board’s role in future shows
on this campus (ASP article—September
26). Some students believe that due to the
loss incurred from last Tuesday's show.
UCB will be unable to present such future
shows. This might be true for Fall semester.
but definately not for the Spring.

We still have money in this semester's
budget and have already scheduled Blotto
in the Campus Center Ballroom on
Homecoming Weekend. Friday. October
17. Rockpile. featuring Dave Edmunds and
Nick Lowe, will be at the Palace Theatre on
Friday. November 2i. We do ltavc to plan
ahead. Therefore. we feel it would be un-
wise to schedule any more really expensive
acts this semester. UCB does not want to
risk spending any of next semester's budget
because we still have big plans for the Spr-
ing2big concerts. and hopefully. a great

Mayfest. But we need your help which can

be achieved by your attendance.

Every year UCB is appropriated SA
funds in order to decrease the student ticket
price. Due to this policy we usually expect a
loss for each show. For the Marshall Tucker
concert. UCB expected to lose around
$4.00). Since we were depending on a sell-

out and fell 1.000 seats short, we lost
Sll,000. If the show had sold otrt U(‘it
would have had the funds to put on at lcttst
one more show in addition to the ones mett-
tioned above.

it must be remembered that the largest
facility readily available to us is the Palace
Theatre in downtown Albany. The Palace
has a seating capacity of 2900. Since we are
competing with several larger arenas sttclt its
the Coliseum and the Garden wlricir have
the potential of accommodating around
20.000 people (as well as the (ilcns l'ttll\
Civic Centen and RPl l-‘ieldlrousc, lroth
capable of holding 7.000 people) it is my
difficult to bring big name groups on both
weekends and at low ticket prices. lint \H'
are always trying.

Presently. members of UCB arc plcpttt»
ing a survey which will help its L‘Itttrtse w in. h
concerts to bring to the students. We would
appreciate any input with this mattcr as \kt‘fi
as good concert attendance.

The better ticket sales are. the more ttt it
can plan a more varied semester ol good
musical talents. which will hopefully tt'ttt'il
everyone's tastes.

Dave Moutunuro
Chairperson ot t‘( It

 

is the Martinez Accusation Justified?

To the iiditor:

After having read Friday's article concer-
rritrg Tito Martincz's alleged “misuse” of
the SA Van. i found it ironic that Lisa
Newmark and Brian l.evy are now making
accusations. As President of Student
Association and Vice Chair of Ccrttral
(.‘ouncil. rcspcctivcly. it was tltcir tespoth
sibility to itrstigatc a Central Council in—
vestigation of the rrtatter. Why is it now be-
ing nradc public. rtittc months after the
alleged incident?

’l‘hroughout the article there were a
nttmbcr of allegations. However, lra
Sornaclt stated that they could not be pro-
vctr. The article also stated that Craig
Weinstock and Ms. Newmark had conflic-
titrg opinions pertaining to the same inci-
dent. is it possible they had two different
meetings. or maybe no meeting?

1 also realize that the one person that was
not quoted in the article was Mr. Martinez.
Since he played an itnportattt role in the
alleged ittcidcnt he should have been con—
tacted. or is it now assumed that a person is
guilty trntil proven innocent?

if the accusations can not be substan-
tiatcd (as one would assume from Mr.

Somach's statement "we can't protc lilttl
he used it illegally"). i would advisc .\t..
Ncwrnark, Mr. Levy. atrd Mr. Sotttat‘lt ltr
publicly apologize for their sittictticttts
would also recommend that tltc xiXI' lllii\
investigate the allegations and ttpttltrgi/t‘ lrtt
questioning Mr. Martincz‘s chantctct.

As a Cetttral Council member. i would
like to begin striving toward tlrc goals or
ottr administration which focus on student
issues. i would like to suggest that we start
looking ahead to tire future of Sttrdcnt
Association and stop digging up nnsubsmn
tiated allegations of the past.

Aprrl tum.

Digging up allegations l'Ullt‘t’l'llItlt: t/n'
/m.vt pt'rj'ornrttnt'cx “furry [Illl)lf(' ol/it'ttll o
both worthwhile and necessary.

We regret that Tito con/(I not l/t‘lt'llll
himself as he was nowhere to he ruin/ml III
the time. however fllt‘ or 5/1 victuprtwtt/t'ltl
has recently arrived on cant/mt to \Iftlttflllt’lt
out the tlt's‘m'.

The ASP intent/s to investigate II to tilt!
fullest and report what truths “'1' (It! lllltl.
but we lrurrlly feel "mt apology for tlllt’\
tt'ottiltg Mr. Marti/reek t'lttlructt'r" rs ill‘
[)ro/th'trle. Ell.

 

      
   
   

WTO A
#65 '

   

HARE-BRAtUEV
I rave 5v .

.4

 

 

Wtég‘atg’wmz, tTA 1i_~€vp‘l'ii6 @CHLQU.’S
co at) TH 5597 ,
WWUlei/EES Eli

 steamer“
ARéUHEUT‘
HEMP?

’t

that

lUG VOLUU ”
CT

5ND CW CT IS L

, W
t tramp—r A A
crests, / Q;

Ag 7

_\_4S

   
 

T is li) ViOLATlOtU

  
 
 

fag. “

 

 

.r_\_  \\‘

W066, HAPPtW. L
"‘ A33 [(00 \

MAEBlEU 7

    

 

T0
Pt?QUALtF‘K

A

 

 

 

 

ﬂ. we

criteriar

 

“Well-Informed Futility”

Let's call him David. I met him during my sophomore year at SUNYA. Like most
students, David got caught up in the daily stream of campus life atrd schedules —
courses. textbooks, G.P.A.'s. a few clubs here and there, and those long-awaited
weekend mind-blowers. Yet David thought he was different from the average stu-
dent. He read the New York Titties. the TlnreoUrtion. and the ASP. each issue.
cover to cover. The kid was informed. You could quiz him. He knew what the issues
were — and even had a few ideas about what should be dotte about them. He would
gorge himself on the morning news and skip off to classes after breakfast — smiling
at the faces he passed by who probably weren‘t as knowledgablc as he was.

Two years later. David graduated. He'd gotten the 3.5 lie was banking on — lanv
ding him a comfortable job in a local accottnting firm. ilc still reads the papers
thoroughly —— and says he even has more time now to do it. After work it can get
kind of lonely.

in the four years David spent at this University. he never w rote a letter to the
newspapers he read. nor tirade a phone call to a local t'cptcscntaliyc. lie didn‘t start
or support a single issue he believed in ~ and never spokc about it except to friends
and strangers in bars. He‘s a bit sorry rrow for his lack of involvement—but he
just didn’t have the tirtrc. He doesn‘t know if he‘ll have tltc clrarrcc now. either.

Let‘s call her Donna. A political science major. Donna wouldn‘t miss the evening
news for anything. She's too busy to actively intolvc lrcrsclt’, btrt is it good citi/crt
none—the-lcss because she is informed.

11‘s it p.m. and site ilicks the switch to learn of the world.

...the show begins with a scenario. The newscaster is scribbling copy up to the last
rrrinttte. An announcer. speaking somewhat loudly mcr lllL' clutter of thc iclclypc
machinc. introduces the show. Donna secs cscitcnrcnr governed by ottlt‘t’. ’l he put—
tcrrr of decreasing itrrportatrcc in the sltow‘s agenda sttcttt'lltctts her sense of struc-
tttre.

'l'he ancltorman skips by ttrap. satellite. and film all our the world irr 20 minutes.
dipping into one crisis after another. bttt always keeping his t-rrrotiotrnl distance. ilt.‘
is detached. It’s a routine l'ie tntrrnblcs something about lilit] and lrurr; Donna lifts
her eyes to fttll attention. Slut/urn! l.ittlc gtcy tanks appear on tltc litttp with little
white sunbursts representing bomb explosions. A icw soldiers are rrttttclrittg tlttouglr
tntrck on another screen and Donna sauntcrs oil to thc Litclrcn to tackle a hm oi
litcilroffers.

When she returns. Donna is surprised to learn that thc rtcws ltils ended. the show
for her was like a fun-house; it shrunk. widened. narrowed. liglrtcrrctl, or cstrg
getatcd whatever stood before it. The rrcwscastcrs wcrc joking over an all ttlrtts .llt'r
human fltrff piece. It made Donna laugh. Sltc was glad we litcd ill a tun-house.

’l’he anchorman concluded the show by slrui‘i'lirrtr .t icw slts'tfls irr iront oi lrtttt. Ilc
promoted the illusion of hard work accomplished. And Donna knows th.tt b) sitltpl)
watching an entire newscast. a meaningful rrtsk was curticd out. She Clicks oi't tltc
tttbc. shuts off her mind. concludes hcr citi/cttsltip. and slccps.

A lot has been said about the things the media make us do. What about tlrc things
the media keep us front doing? Most oi tts spcttd urotc than tour hours a day
passively watching television. reading newspapers or rrrtrgu/itrcs. or listening to thc
radio. The success of the mass media in tire dissemination of news and information
is beyond dispute. But where is tlrc feedback? And what social arrangements have
been made for channeling the energies of irrl'ottrrctl citi/cus back into social actiorr'.’

There are few —— and as the speed and corrrplcvities oi tltc world and the media cs-
pttnd even further —- the result may be it dangerous thrctrt to our supposcdly
dcttrocratic society. This is an unanticipated by-product of technological progress.

It is frequently estimated that contemporary children spend nearly as trttrclt tttnc
\\"-ttching television as they do it) scltttol-ﬁiltCit' eltlcrs also spend the large bttlk oi

 

 

their waking lives engrossed in reading. viewing, or-hearing the second-hand reality
of mediated messages. 1 “

The human relationship to the environment must by changing — as we are being
excluded from participation in the becoming of things.

Like David and Donna. we display a bland tolerance for almost any “real” event
we are told about. Unless it is perceived as being in our own scene, it is;not ex-
perienced as fully real. i

More and more. humans are pressed into the futile role of observing the unfolding
of events in which they feel they ought to have been a participant. .

The people have surrendered to a tool. Rather than enriching their behavior in
their own scenes. mediated news overwhelms the capacity to respond. Hence. we are
informed but immobilized.

Donna isn’t alone when site feels useful to her society by merely becoming inform-
ed. 50 million others are also watching every evening. They fail to see the open-
endedness of all the issues and are belied the radical messiness of reality. In their ef-
fort to be objective, newscastcrs and reporters seldom tell us what we can do with
the information they pour into us. Both Donna and David must sadly conclude that
informed action is impossible. and perhaps even inappropriate. Let the government
handle it. The result is the redefinition of the obligations ofa citizen. instead of feel-
ing obliged to do something about the world‘s problems. we may come to feel that
it‘s enough just to know what the problems are.

Knowledge for its own sake is waste. The trnrationed intake of mediated messages
is glttttotry. Constructive citizenship within one’s nation. one's locality, and one‘s
ttnivcrsity is an ethical imperative —— trot an admirable hobby.

. . .'l'he interested anti informed citizen can congratulate himself on his lofty
state of interest and information and negleet to see that he has abstained from
decision and action. . . .He comes to mistake knowing about the problems of
the day for doing something about them. His social conscience remains spotless-
ly clean. He is concerned. lie is informed. And he has all sorts of ideas as to
what should be done. But after he has gotten through his dinner and after he
has listened to his favorite radio programs and after he has read his second
newspaper of the day. it is really time for bed.
Sociologists Lazarsfeld and Merton
-——l94X

 

 

 

um! [Lt creative magazine M

Established in 1916

chh Belt-r. I tlrrm llt t litt’l
Rob [3. Grubm-n. Mootrtnrtrr I tftflil

holvra .‘sntttult'rs

Atrtlrcw (Enroll. hit-..trt Mrllttrttrr, llctlr Htrxt'r
litdrl tit'l‘rlt'lll. lion Lot/v

ilrtlltllt' Wt-rnt'r

Nauru Editor .
Alloclltu Nauru Editor.

ASPoetI Editors '
AuocI-te ASPect- Editor

Sound at Vllfun Editor   (lliltlr‘r‘l‘tt'l
Clo-[Ive Art- lfottl cvv

Dalian .1 Layout
spono Edltor. . . . . .
Auoci-to Sports Editor-
Edflorlul Plgul Edllur

litrltlit'littlrtrrt'
Mort llmqwl. l .utv litrlrtr
‘srt'wrr /\ t ilt’r‘llitt'lH

Bfllfwrltcru ’l'urrr liortlrttlio, l‘rttrttttt lirturlcv lit'tlr titurrttt-trtrttt. Ml|ilrl|'i t tllllll'lt. .lttrt [lint-It,
“NH “ rux‘ Mlmw‘,” ("Hump I “up J (m .I. .lttt (ttttlrt't, Wt’lltil‘li fll’lillitlll Mn Itt'lc I‘rlt‘t‘i. . Illllll’“;
tlttllt‘. Attty Kttntot. Lorry Kttv-ru-ttt. lh'bltlt' Kl‘i’i- 1”” l ""W‘ WNW" U “W” Mam “liwm‘ H
S‘hm'nﬂ» PM” Sthw‘m/ zodI-c & anluﬂ who,“ Murrc (ftlfiltflillll. th‘lllt'lllill‘f lslt'trr

 

Dabble Kopf. Business Minttrgt-r

.lartct Dretlttss

“t'tlillt‘ Brown. Mutant Rtrsplcr
. littvtlunCnrruth

. . lionmoStcvgns

Advcrﬂllng Mun-gar
Billing Account-m
Compooltlon Manager
Office Coordinator

Snlnu: Stow (tttrtlct Robert Katz Clue-"led Mun-gar: September chrn Compollllon:
llnrrlt‘s (‘lutlt Advertising Produe'nlon Mun-gen: Mdttt' Anne Colavrto. Tummy Geiger
Advcrﬂllng Production: l)lttttttt' (ilttttriti. Mrrbeltr Israel. Susan Knplttn, Moro Mendt-lsohtt.
i.tltltlt' St Irwtrllltt-rrr ('trrttlvn St'dttwttk

Il-vdcll Currufh Production Manager
Dc-n Bet: Assortntt- l’rodttt-ttorr Munogt'r
Ell-Ira Beck l’ttttftti‘lttltl Murttrgr‘r IIrrrtrntns

. Sec Abovr-

Vertical Comer-
l'lnnk's Chick

Tupi-t Extrlordlnllre . . . . . , . .

Dttw Tantrlrausct. Twill“: Carol Bury,

Poole-up: Sut- lit'trrttrttttt, [\th Kttntor, Robin Lnrnstein.
barn Nolan. Laurie Walters. Chauffeur:

littst'rrrttrysj‘t’rtnrn. Motrt' (ittrlrttttrrtr. September Klein. Bar
Mark l tst itt’lll

Photography. .‘rtrppltt‘tl prrrrripttlip bp llrtttrvrsrly l’lrntu Scrntt‘t'

Clhlltf Photographer Iloh Leonard

UPS Staff: have Aslrcr. Aill'll Colour. Karl Chan, Stew lisscn. Mike littrrell. Mink Holt-k. Marc
Ht'ii‘tt'ltt’l. “ltdlllh‘ Ktrlttltoli. |)ttvo Muclrsort, Mnrlt Ntitiit’l’. Sunit Stt'irtk-unp. Tony ’l'assnrotti. Will

ffifrnli‘lllianv Student l’tvss is published every Tuesday and lirrdtty during tlte‘school year by the
Allmrw Strtdtttrt l’tt'ss Corporation. on independent not-for ptoltt corporation l‘.tittttrl.tls are wnttcn
In; tho l tlrtor rrr ('lrtt-l. polrcy ts srtltJt-tt to rcvtow by iiit‘ lidttorrttl lioutd Mtttlrtrg address:
Albany Student Press. Ct: 32‘)
1400 Wushtnutort Avg.
Albany. NY
iblti) 4ft'l-HH‘)2/IlliZZ/Iiilt{‘)

 

“u... .

 

 

 

 

 

