    
 
    
       
     
      
      
     
     
    
       
      
    
    
    
   
    
    
    
     
     
      
   
    
     
      
     
  
 

 

 
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
    
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
     
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  

 

 

Californ-I Dr. m n... 

You have to get up early in the moman ~--. ‘
with the sun. or with the tequila sunrise,
because even Steve the Greek's in Berkeley'
closes at 7 PM and Greek food is where it's at.
for me at least. Down Telegraph Ave.. we set-
tled on some hot Mexican food, the lavatory .
graffiti was outstanding: "Take a Depression.
mix with shattered remnants of the 605. New
Wave alienation and the incisive logic of‘the
unemployed." You have to maintain a sense
of humor In everything you endeavor. be it a
street act or what have you because you can
cry in your beer and revel in your own
maudlin schtick until hell freezes over and still
not get anything done. Telegraph is just buzz—
ing with these self-appointed philosophers
who propheslze. not with their pens. but with -
a little magic, a little vaudeville . . . a stop to
read Subterraneans makes me believe in
Kerouac again . . . but I won't pontiflcate
anymore to anyone. not to Mitch and Gary
who are going to the Grateful Dead show in :
Oakland. New Year’s Eve and presumably

usher in the 805 with characteristic bourgeois
'

bravado . . .

Bob O’Brien

The preceding notes were scribbled on the
back of a little pamphlet l had been carrying
around. The pamphlet had been given to me

by one of the aforementioned “street acts" in
Berkeley, and it read "May the 705 rot in
peace! in the 805 the Empire's gonna shake.
rattle ‘n roll! The pamphlet foretold of a night
of iconoclastic rock'n roll (“Rock'n Revolt")
and was sponsored, in part, by the local Com-
munist party. The starring acts were bands
called Prairie Fire and the States. acts that
promised to “bring' down" the Red Flag
theater. "the house" as it were. in a gala New

Year's Eve bash on Chestnut Street In San
Francisco's North Beach area.

But on one of the last days of the stigmatiz-

' ed 1970:. our entourage. comprised of myself
and three friends. were to spend the day in
'that curious and oft-celebrated little town.
Berkeley. We were staying with my friend's
cousin on Regent Street. two blocks over from
Telegraph Avenue. the main artery that
and vibrates with small craft shops smelling
vaguely of revolution and the promise of a bet-
ter fate for the human race. Telegraph is the
artery that leads directly to Berkeley's campus,
the site of so much hubbub in the cyen more
celebrated and offensively romanticized

19605.

The University at Berkely. which is just one
of the branches of California's state university
system. is beautiful An impressive. if regal
gate ornamented with small nude statues and
Ivy-League-type inscriptions greet you. The
gate is always open. The faculty buildings are
quite modern (the entire university is no older
than fifty years); the walls resembling bleached
slate on cheap marble. There is a main
walkway decked on both sides with the most
bizarre-looking trees imaginable. 1 don't know
if they‘re in season or not. The leafless bran-
ches curl and tuck. They must be some sort of
California mutation I thought.

My whole state of mind had been altered in
that long-needed vacation. Berkeley is so
stimulating that you would have to go quite
out of your way to be bored. Even shopping
for food is an experience, being that there still
exists an older. more conservative element in
Berkeley; those who. incredibly, still frown
and won't look in the eyes of the "hippies"
who share the frozen food aisles with them.
Vegetarian restaurants abound as do small—
time jewelers and leather craftsmen who sell
their wares out on the street. There are
violinists playing Beethoven. poets chanting.
oracles and modern-day soothsayers trying to
raise someone's consciousness for maybe a
quarter. The Shakespeare Book Shop on
Telegraph is full of used classics that sell for as
low as a dollar. A glimpse In the university
bookstore reveals a liberalized curriculum; lef-
tlst philosophy and revolutionary economics.
Berkeley was the home of Jerry Rubin and
Country Joe. Mario Savo and Herbert Mar-
cuse. Drugs are still abundant and the popula-
tion is still young; many of them second
generation "freaks" who were but children
when the first sprays of teargas choked
students with unlayered hair and baggy

 

button-down shirts protesting war and ad-

vocating civil rights.

BART Is an anagram for Bay Area Rapid
Transit and is exactly that. You can. go from
the hippest part of Berkeley to the most
debauched slum in Oakland for a mere 70
cents. Not surprisingly. we used the BART for
almost daily excursions Into San Francisco.
The BART is modern and immaculately cle-in.
it's one real drawback is that it closes at mid-
night; indicative of the emphasis on daytime
activities in San Francisco. No nocturnal
slouch. by any means. San Francisco is still a
city that must be seen during the day. Fisher-
man's Wharf. though not without it's charm.
has become offensively commercialized.
resembling a seaside Disneyland. Hawkers sell
cups of crab and live lobster at outrageous
prices. Young American families who
might've come from Iowa and brought along
the dog. cluster around mlmes and iugglers as
the bays salt-water odor filters through their
nostrils.

Columbus Avenue will take you from the
Wharf into North Beach, the city's tenderloin.
However, to call North Beach a "red light"
district would be doing the area a grave in—
justice. North Beach was the home base for
beat emigres in the late 19505 who had tired of
the Greenwich Village scene. The City Lights

 

Bookstore still stands amidst pink pleasure
palaces. and is populated with the works of
Ginsberg, Ferllnghetti. Gary Snyder and a
plethora of others - Gertrude Stein. Thomas
Pynchon. etc. Next to City Lights is Vesuulo's,
an engaging little watering hole where. l im-
agine. many of the beats must've tied one on.
The tables at Vesuuio's are painted in
“free-form" design. i.e. psychedelic collages
covered with either a thin sheet of glass or a
coat of lacquer making them look like the

.Sistine Chapel on acid.

Columbus Avenue will also lead you right
into the ltalian section. home of Joe DiMag-
gio. and Chinatown where l was obliged to
speak a little Mandarin to natives of the largest
Chinese colony outside mainland China
(excluding Taiwan which is an independent
nation). During much of the trip. and even
now, the question emerges — what is it about
San Francisco? Why the overwhelming ethnic
diversity? Why the alternatives In lifestyles . . .
the hippies. People's Temple, the militants.
the gays (whose interests are served by The
Advocate. America's leading gay news-
magazine)? Possibly it is the hills. To walk
through any section of the city is quite an
achievement as your quickly beating heart and
shortness of breath will attest to. Sure, many
regions of the US, or even the world. are

equally steep and just as hilly, but one look
down Lombaro Street and you have to marvel
at the fact that someone decided to build a city
here! Moreover. one can find Moonles. LSD.
and strong gay communities in many
American cities nowadays. but this is where it
all started. New Years' Eve was a testament to
the festive sensibilities of San Francisco. In
North Beach a roadblock had been set up at
the comer of Columbus and Broadway where
staggered and milled about. the largest mass
of inebriated humanity i'd witnessed since the
Mardi Gras. Similar to the Mardi Gras and the
annual Times Square ritual. social convention
had been cast aside for an orgy of indulgence
and gratification. I can't desert the subject of
New Year’s Eve without mentioning the Tom
McFarland Band, a local act that played sortie
of the best. hard-ass rock 'n roll in a little club
called the Sacramento. The club is perchmi
atop an incline on Green Street and is painted
with aesthetically pleasing colors and designs
To avoid paying the $2.00 cover charge l
stood outside the club with a friend and sonw
strangers. sharing a Joint and l rcrnenilm
thinking that this was a magical moment. etur
nally etched in my subconscious. to be rt'
counted many times in the future. Another
peculiar aspect of that evening was that the
Jefferson Starshlp were playing in a club on

Columbus Ave. We walked by. in fact. as they
were doing “Jane” and could‘ve gained entry
for only $25 a head. At that very moment, the
Grateful Dead were playing in Oakland. There
must've been a real familial feeling that night in
the Bay area. _

in the Haight Ashbury district at the foot of
Golden Gate Park. one can find something of
a renaissance taking piaCe. Victorian mansions
that hobsed and even helped kindle the first
spark of the hippie "movement" in the middle.
605 are being renovated and repainted in the
same loud colors that characterized those em-
bryonic day-glo years. Unfortunately. the pro-
mise of a new life and a new start attracted not
only adventurous free spirits and naive kids.
but also those looking for a shortslghted way
out of the confines of social responsibility.
Subsequently. the Haight is now rife with
drifters. beggars. drunks. real down-and-
outters becoming gray at the temples. it seems
that the Haight had been an ordinary
neighborhood prior to the “Awakening”, and;
resumed that status shortly after. In fact. the
area around Haight and Market streets is a
rough section of town. But in contrast to even
two years ago. when I first visited the area.
there appears to be revitalized interest in
boosting the spiritual awareness of the
neighborhood. The Haight Street bookstore is

a nice. homey place to browse and nearby is
Vlualdl’s wherein is served superb piua at a
reasonable price and the best Jukebox you'll
ever find.

On the fifth day of our sojourn. we decided
to rent a car. Our first stop. upon leaving
Berkeley. was to cross the Golden Gate
Bridge (which is in fact orange) Into Sausallto.
the beautiful little island that is usually included
in the ferry ride from the Wharf to Alcatraz and
Marin County. Sausalito is, also. somewhat
commercialized. but it still is the residence of
an esoteric colony of artists and philosophers
(Alan Watts among them) whose presence un-
doubtedly contributes to the clear and good
feeling one gets when walking those roads that
spiral continually upward. From Sausaiito we
drove south on Pacific Coast Highway No. 1
and camped on a beach whose name was
unknown to us — this spontaneous and ar-
bitrary decision to compenste. perhaps. for the
entirely bourgeois feeling of riding in a new
automobile. There is nothing like the sunrise
over the ocean. and soon we were off the Big
Sur. my weak constitution being overtaken
with nausea as we twisted and turned down
the tumultuous Pacific coast. Big Sur is
something of a (airyland. immortalized in part
by Jack Kerouac and Richard Brauiigan.
Herc, now, let my notes tell it:

 

 

 

 

Big Sur. Jan. 4. 1980

Having Just awoke after a cold night inside a
"sandscave". the gulls are coming in. circling.
looking for breakfast. A black goose struggles
for its life. There are no humans in the
panorama. From a distance. these divinely
conceived caves appear as brown dots along
the blue water. Up close. purple silt and white
gull entrails paint the strangely sculpted rock
smooth impressions that look like smiles and
other facial mannerisms. The rocks we stood
on were centuries in the making, the tenuous
water slaps down on the surface. hewing a
coarse edge. rounding out an angle. There's
something very uniform in the design.

There is no township or settlement of Big
Sur. per se. There are houses. very geometric.
that nestle in the mountains. lodges and com-
mercial outposts accompany the redwoods all
along Highway i. The weather is at best in-
decisive. From atop the mountains. fresh
water trickles down. carving its own passage in
the sand. emptying in the salty ocean. There
are . . .

.__._——

Southern California is an entirely different
story. From the cliche of the uninhibited and
contemplative granola freaks of the north. we
headed south and the fast-paced. open-shirt,
cocaine aura seemed to engulf US irnn-e .ilately

upon entering Highway 101. Santa Barbara is
a quaint town of Spanish stucco and tall palm
trees about ninety miles north of Los Angeles.
The university there is situated right on the
Ibeach and surfboards sit in bookcases in dorm
rooms. Like New York universities. the
students are. for the most part, natives of the
state and have a blurry-clear image of
themselves and what they want “to be". The
keg party we attended was typical: freshmen
dressed to the hilt and eager, some
gregarious. others excluded.

Hollywood Boulevard. the thoroughfare
celebrated by the Kinks and others. is the em-
bodiment of all that is affected and contrived

i and is an integral part of one of the most toxic

and spiritually bankrupt settlements in the
world — Los Angeles. Down the boulevard.
tourists from all over the country eye key
places -— Grauman's Chinese Theater for in-
stance, and are careful not to be so gauche as
to look down at the sidewalk momentoes
commemorating every entertainer with the
money or the inﬂuence to be immortalized
on a “increte slab. Women try to be
glamorqb‘. sucking in their pale cheeks just
slightly so as to appear comsumptlve and
bored. while men shake their asses and
cultivate a delicate appearance because these
days it's very In to be effeminate. The stars.
not the entertainers. but the actual concrete
pentangles. are about three by four feet in
area. No mention is made of the highlighted
star's particular forte. nor are any vital statistics
such as birthdate included. Only the names
are given. accompanied by oneof the four
symbols in a code designed to underscore that
star's field of entertainment — e.g. a movie
camera indicates that the person was a movie
star. a disc for the musicians. a microphone
for radio celebs. and a television screen with
two long antennae prominently perched on
top indicates a career in lunacy (pun intended
for the Apollo Xl mission was actually cited as
a television event and given its own little slab
of eternity), Some other unitkeiys appear. ig-
or Stravinsky has a niche on the Boulevard as
do Ronald Reagan. Crosby, Stills. and Nash.
and Peter Frampton.

Los Angeles is a very large city in area. in

addition to movies. it was once a major aircraft
manufacturing site. The city has no rapid tran-
sit system and the exhaust fumes emanating
from the infinitesimal number of autos that
drive through L,A. every day are trapped in
the San Fernando valley by the warm
Southern California air, hence the world
famous smog. Despite its great size. or pos-
sibly because of It, there is no section in Los.
Angeles that can be casually walked through.
The city's claim to fame among the young is
Van Nuys Boulevard. a paradise for horny
adolescents (but then. what adolescent isn't?).
Van Nuys, by the way was totally deserted
when we toured through it. in the final
analysis, if such a thing is possible. Los
Angeles stands out as a city without substance.
i wasn't aware of any unity of esprit de corps
(except during the playoffs). G‘a'nour and
good weather are L.A.'s attributes. it should
be seen and discarded.

it rained during my entire hiatus in San
Diego. I was granted, however, one sunny
day to hitch from the beautiful city back to
LA. for my flight home. As you proceed
south in California. the population of Mex-
icans, many of them illegal aliens, thickens.
Bus drivers take pains warning passengers not
to smoke pot. Road signs become bilingual.
Outside San Diego live two high school friends
of mine. They took me to Jane's Conntry Kit-
chen where for $2.00 I was treated to an
omelette so large lcouldn't finish it.

There's California for you, minus
Disneyland which you all know about and
Yosemite—Park. which we didn't see. unfor—
tunately. It is. as the Eagles have called it, the
Last Resort. Californians must harbor feelings
of finality because after the West Coast. there's
no place to search for the American Dream.
California sets the trends. Who isn't aware of
the web of self—help groups and therapy
centers that have sprung up in California? . , .
not reflective of a “Me Decade" but the logical
extension of. or a reaction to. some of the dust
that was kicked up fifteen years ago ~— the side
effects of the 605, the unpleasant afterbirth of
an age of enlightenment that awaits us . . . or
has already begun. .

 

 

 
 
 
  

= mew-13m Miamwmaammmzw usury-ﬁat
i

