l
l
l
l

 
 
  

 

u:

0 ‘ o? o T a '
o teenage girls had ‘it done ash ‘

sign of friendship before they went
off to separate colleges.
A California man had it done all
over his body in the form of an ancient orien-
tal tale.

An entire sorority had it done as a gesture.
of eternal loyalty. .

Many women are having it placed on the
inside of a thigh or above a breast.

Men are now having it done on every con-
ceivable part of their bodies —- from earlobe
to buttocks.

What is it that people are having done to.
their bodies in ever increasing numbers? Tat-‘
toos! (No, not the little guy on television.)

. The art of
Joanne Werner ,aiioomg
has flourished in the last four or five years
and the ancient oriental art form has made its
way to Central Avenue; right here, in the
Capital District.

Tommy Spaulding Tattoo Studio is a small
establishment with an innocuous facade. i
must admit, I was a bit apprehensive about,
going into a tattoo parlor.

The address on the door says “626-1/2
Central Ave.”, and right away, I felt more at K
ease. The studio. is compact but very cozy. Parlorsy and Shelterecl from this growing
There’s a large furnace stove, and a number POPUIBTW. [ WaS Uncertain about lust hOW
of chairs and a table with a myriad of widespread this popularity was really becom-
magazines ranging from Women's Wear Dai- m9 " that )5 “mil Mary Showed me a phOto
[y to High Times and penthouse. in ihe cor- album that Tom keeps, containing pictures of
her, there is a large bird cage wiih a beautiful his customers bearing (1 should say baring!) find a design l would have liked better."
white cockaioo named Ben (a gimmick i0 ai- their new tattoos. I was so surprised to see The Spauldings have had a very easy time

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

tract business?). The walls and ceiling are
covered by thousands upon thousands of

that women — at an unbelievable rate —- are
getting tattoos, and that both men and
women are getting them in the most discreet

with people. Tom can remember only two in
cidents where he had to push his potential
customers out physically — both times, the

 
 
 

framed tattoo designs. Through the studio, in
the rear, is a little room with what looks like a
dentist’s chair (no, not the drill!) and a long
counter filled with unfamiliar tools and in-
struments. There are a number of pictures of
birds (of course) scattered around the studio. Mary if She had one: She said “0' “I’ve come

i was warmly greeied by Tom Spaulding pretty close," she said, “l’m just afraid that ill
and his lovely wife, Mary. The two “business ﬁnally PiCk one 01” and have it done: I might
partners" provide a cordial atmosphere to
what could be a very emotional experience.
The couple work together; Tom is the artist,
Mary, the bookkeeper and general business
manager. Together they have created a pro-
sperous, rewarding business.

Spaulding’s original studio was established
four years ago in a downtown area of
Albany. After a year and a half, the couple
moved the business to Central Avenue
because the old neighborhood was bad.
Since then, they have been very happy.

Tom Spaulding is a machinist by trade
and he created his own tattooing in-
struments. His business is inexpensive to run
— the costs include the rent and utility bills of
the studio, and the inks and sterilizing equip—
ment he uses in his trade. He takes great
pride in both his actual work and the
legitimacy of the field.

Spaulding is pleased about the growing
popularity of tattoos that continues to be on
the upswing. “People from all professions are
getting tattoos — doctors, lawyers. It's good
to know that educated people have‘changed
their ‘motorcycle gang' opinions.” said
Spaulding.

Since I was previously unexposed to tattoo;

t00§..1'at

and personal places. men were drunk. “1 won’t take drunks,” said
Spaulding bears two large tattoos on his Tom. “l want to make sure people know

arms — one, a dagger through a rose, the what they’re doing."

other, (you guessed it!) a bird. When I asked

 

N

 

 

 

   

 

i . l l
 030013“  005.. 
t E- "..

 

The Spauldings related the expected anec—
dotes —— customers have chickened out at the
last minute, and even passed out in the chair,
but on the whole, they service a very level
headed crowd.

The average tattoo in Spaulding's studio
takes between a half hour and an hour to
repare. The costs range from $15 for a tiny

 

t

f

 

4.)
rose. to $250 for the more elaborate designs.
Among the men, panther and eagle designs
are the most popular — women Choose roses
and butterflies. Custom work is very popular
— Spaulding will rip up a design after he has
tattooed it, to assure his customer that he will
not duplicate it.

 

hought it would be. The process anolves a

hand held instrument, (Spaulding uses 8 dif-

erent machines for different line sizes) no

bigger than a hole puncher. The vibrating
needle penetrates the skin and injects the dif-
ferent colored inks. Sounds painful, right?
Spaulding claims that the closer to the bone,
the more it hurts. A tattoo on the wrist Would
hurt a lot more than a tattoo on the thigh.
Usually, the injection produces a bit of blood
but Spaulding uses alcohol to cleanse, and
Vaseline to moisten the area. The tattoo itself
will stay sore for a number of hours after the
application — the skin might even "run a
fever." A healing ointment is recommended,

although sometimes a scab still might form.
“We urge our customers not to pick the scabs
because the color underneath the scab will
not show if it's picked," said Mary.

The process is not harmful and has had no
side effects on any customer other than an
occassional allergic reaction to one of the col-
ors.

Long term care is minimal. Spaulding
recommends to his customers that they don’t
expose the tattoo to the sun, and that they
apply a moisturizer to the area when possible
to keep the skin healthy. He does guarantee
his work for life, and will redo the tattoo in
the event that it does begin to fade.

The popular question . . . can it be remov-
ed? There is indeed a method of removal
called Dermabrasion, which is an operaton
involving a laser beam, and costs thousands
of dollars. 1 didn’t ask for more detail -— the

 

Tom does each tattoo differently, making ihoughi of the ias(gr beam scared me away.

the customers feel special and unique. His

The typical customer in Spaulding's studio

techinque differs,too.Sometimes he outlines iS heiweeh 20 and 25 years old. (The

 

the design freehand, sometimes he uses a
ball point pen to allow for last minute changes
and sometimes he simply uses the stencil.

If you’re thinking about getting a tattoo,
(you know who you are!) you'll be happy to
know that Spaulding’s customers, on the
whole, claim it is not nearly as painful as they

\

0
Wave

operator must be licensed, and the customer
must be 18 years or older). He or she is
usually not acting on a spur»of—the-moment
whim, but is usually (or better be!) well
prepared and quite sure of the permanence
involved.

Spaulding has found that the average male
gets more than one. He gets a large turnover
of repeat customers and has designed as
many as 25 tattoos on one person.

Mary discourages customers that want to
have their girlfriend’s or boyfriend's name tat-
tood. She says, “couples have broken up
sometimes the day after they get the tattoo.”
She tells her customers, “Tattoos are perma—
nent, relationships are not."

Over the years, the Spauldings have ac-
cumulated a number of customers that they
are proud of. Rock bands passing through
the Albany area, have stopped off at
Spaulding’s for a quick tattoo. A corrections
officer from the US. Marine Corps, studying
for his new job at Attica State Prison, also
wanted a Spaulding original. Don January,
the professional golfer and oldest player on
the PGA tour, had his grandchildren's names
tattooed by Tom Spaulding. People of all
professions, from all walks of life . . .

While the tattoo trade is not yet threatening
to overwhelm the business world, it is, never—
theless, a business increasing in popular ap—
peal. And you don't need a Harley Davidson

 

All ntmo dulgm Ihown I" cupyrlnhled

to get one.
(P.S. In case you’re Wondering, l resisted the
urge.)

..'l'attoos..'l'a«

 

 

 

