.. , .._ c,” “.M‘qu ,4.

 

 .. w.-. w. ...t

 

 

l

 

THE CLASS OE 1980 PRESENTS THE RETURNOE

THE 7-DAY

' SENIOR WEEK

' {RAY 18- MAY 25
SUNDAY, MAY 1 8: PiCNic iN TltATcltER PARk

MONDAY, MAY 1 9: Boosters SAyS A speciAl
qood-byE

TUESDAY, MAY 20: FAREWEll TO ThE RAITERS
WEDNESDAY, MAY 21: ENd of FiNAlS PAnry

lAFTERNOONi . .
WEDNESDAY, MAY 21: SENOR NIQIIT Ar
SARATOQA RACEWAy

(EVENING)

‘l‘ THURSDAY, MAY 22: Tnip To BOSTON
*THURSDAY, MAY 22: Tnip To MONTREAl
* THURSDAY, MAY 22: CANOE TRip

FRIDAY, MAY 21:ClAMbAkE AT MohAwk
(DAY) CAM us

FRIDAY, MAY 23: BOATRidE ON LAkE ‘EORQE

(EVENING)

SATURDAY, MAY 24: DAy AT RiVERSidE
' AMUSEMENT PARk

SATURDAY, MAY 24: TORCI-I NIGI-IT ANd
‘EVEN'NOl RECEpTiON

SUNDAY, MAY 25: GRAdUATiON
m TickETS fon ONE of ThESE TIIREE TRipS

*CAN ONl‘
y'NfORMA‘I‘ION AVAilAblE AT CC INfo DESk

DgAtlEd
SENion Wrck “dam will bE sold ON ThE Thind ﬂoon of ThE CAMpUS CENTER, Apnil 10, MAY 1
ANd MAy 2

SAlE fon SENiORS who ItAVE PAID CLASS DUES ONLY
-ID REOUIREd

-2 TickETS DER ID fort EAch EVENT.

-MAxiMUM of 4 TickETS pER pERSON fon EAch EVENT.
BERS OF CLASS OF 1980 ONLY.

- TAx CARd nEournE

-2 TickETs pER TA_x CARd
-MAxiMUM of 4 thkETs pEn pERSON fort EAcIt EVENT.

MAY 2: SENIOR WEEk TicItETS ON SAlE fon ANy ONE.

N0 pERSONAL CHECKS — LiMiT 4 rickETS pEn pERSON.

- CASh, MONEv O dERS. BANk ChEckS will 0va bus ACCEpTEd, .
- SOME EVENTS ARE liMiTEd ANd TickETS will bE sold ON A ﬁRSTCOME, ﬁnST SERVEd bASts.
_ Although due pAy iNq SENions CAN. uy Two Tickers fort EAch EVENT 0va ONE of TitESE MAY

 

APRIL 70

lMAY “Senior: week TickETS fort MEM

 

April 13, 1930

  

..... ......-—__‘J “L... LEW”  

Albany‘ Student Press

Page Seventeen,

 

Women’s Softball Team Falters  On’eonto, 6-5

 

 

 

 

bE punchASEd AT ThE diSCOUNTEd pRICE.

 

 

. .. . usuamtswmnmanww

l

 

The women‘s softball team lost a I'lve-run lead by making “costly errors at
the wrong times“ on Tuesday. (l'ltoto: Alan (‘ttlt-m)

Rugby Club Opens With

Two Shttiouri Victories

it) Mike Nttclt-rlo

I'uc Albany State rugby club ap-
pcars to be oil to attotltcr strong.
winning season. Al'tcr that games.
the ruggcrs are ttndcl'catcd. anti ttrc
Albatty squad has scored 36 points
irt ttte two contests. while shutting
out their ttvo opponents.

The spring ttu'hoht I‘ot' tttc rugby
cltth was large. and a l‘tcr thrcc llitl'tl
weeks of practice. Albany took on
their first opporrcttt — Albany
Med. This thatchttp has traditional—
ly been fierce. tvitlt tltc game usually
light. But this year. despite the
muddy field conditions, Albany
came through witlt ll 24-0 victory.

The game started off as a real
slugging tttatclt. witlt the only score
cottting late itt tlte first half bt

Albany's liilly Stockttcll. lli tttc sc-
coud hull'. tnottgtt. Albany thhttug-
ed to ptcrce Mcd's dcl'chsc I'ot l‘om
\ctttcs. one each by Jim Johnson.
(ittt‘) lloccio. L'lill llolI/. and Paul
Donahue.

l'ttis past Saturday. itt l'tortt ol' tt
good home t.'|‘tt\\tl. the Albany tug-
gcrs again snottcd tireit ability by
blanking a tough Ri’l squad. ll-tl.
Once again It \\'lls one ol‘ llit.‘ scrum-
mcts who opened tip the scoring
tvtrcrt. lzttc iii the lust httll‘. Albany
scored to lake it lead luct would
hctct relinquish.

l‘oiuotrow, thc tuggcrs lt‘il\L‘l to
l’ltutsbhrgh lot a ottc o‘clock garlic
lli what I‘igutcs to be a tough Ilttll~
chop.

by Marian Weisent‘eld

Albany's women’s softball tenth
lost a lteartbreuker itt Oneonta on '
Tuesday by a score of 6-5. It was a
lteartbreaket‘ because Albany ltad u
shut-out going tip to tire filth intr-
ittg. during whiclt tltey lost all
footing and tvettt to lose their live
run lend.

Lttahtte LaLottde (who will be
out for a week due to tire reoc-
curartce of a kttee injury) pitctted
tlte entire gttute. and tvertt I‘our lltli~
ings witttotrt giving Ohcotita a
cltattcc to score a run. Albany ltad
fairly consistent hitting throughout
the first four innings. managing one

l'ieldct
Scttttlttthtt. lcl'tl‘ieldcr. each got on
base on u l'iclder's cltoice.

run iii the ﬁrst. two in tire second.
and battirtg in one more each in the
tltirtl and fourth irtttirtgs. Credited
with hits were thirdbaseman Nancy
Hallortth (who got two singles and
stole tltree bases). first baseman
Carol Wallace (one single attd a
stolen base). Kathy Curatolo.
second baseman. lttid doth a bunt
for a base Itit. Also. t'iglttl’ielder
Didi Fill/Allin hit two singles.
Laiohdc got off orte single and a tri-
plc. shortstop Cathy Briggs and cat-
chct‘ lihrb Witte botlt were credited

wittt singles ill the game. Center-

l,ori Coltcrt and Susan

it was lit the fifth and seventh in-
nings that Albany started making,
as Coach Rhenish put it, “costly
errors at the wrong times." She
contittucd. “Our heads just weren’t
ittto playing that game '— we were
mentally ﬂat." Part of the reason
for the team’s first loss of the
season is the fact that Albany arriv-
ed lrtte to the game and was only
allowed about 15 minutes of warm-
up tittte. Rhettislt saw attitude as
one of their weaknesses irt the
Oneohta game. Site stated that.
"We have a young team that’s lear-
ning through experience . . . but we
have to start thinking like winners
to be ttihners."

Chilled Outing For WomenS Track

by Kathy i'erilll

"it was a very cold meet. said
Albany women‘s truck coaclt iitnlr
l’alm llt ltct‘ description of the
team's tttcct with iliughuhttoh
ycstcttltty. “ i'ltc thing that typil‘icd
the meet." she continued. “was the
\ltlll that sthtc ‘Sttttc University of
New York at Alaska' when we got
there." l‘hc team drove ltr
llihghauttoh iii a bits with tto heat
and ttporr arriving. was really iii no
nape to cotupctc. "We used tttc

n

meet as a practice. We just eottldn't
gct warmed up in tithe." said l’ttlut.
Despite tltc conditions. Albany's
liatbatu llill won the 200 meter
tun. Sttc Kullcd took l'ottrtlt iii the
-t(lt) mctct hurdles. and (hits (iurd-
ttct placed second in the 1500 meter
Iiili. lnc lL‘illli ttl\o placcd l'ottrttt itt
the lit! mctct relay attd Site Stern
was thin lti tttc tltttt thctcr lllli.
"I‘m not disappointed at all. I‘m
pleased \\llll what we did." l’alm
remarked. “I tchlly think we’re go-

ihg to do very well at the invita-
tiottal this weekend." she added.
[he invitational is the Albany
State Intitarit'rhal. Albany will be
competing with Cortland. Southern
Connecticut. [East Strohtlsberg.
New l'ttltl, I’ltlllsltlllgli. Syracuse.
RuSscl Sage. lltu'twick. lthaca.
Stony Brook. atrd St. lhtvreuce.
l‘ltc thcct gets ttttdct way at l):l5
with tttc 10.000 meter lllll. “We're
ltoldihg h pentathlon as well as no
e\hibitiou race Willis.” said l’hlut.

Hockey Challenge Cup Today
Seven Schools Looking To Cop Title

by Marc iiaspel

As the Werewolves attd llttclc
.lohh's liahd savor their tespcctitc
league 1 mid ll hockey titles. the
AMlA is illl\lttli\ly preparing to
ptcscttt its own intercollegiate ins
ttanthrttl hockey tIll»sltll' showcase
-— the second ahutthl (‘trullcht'c
Cup Series.

For the second consecutive year.
Alburty State is hosting this invita~
Iional tottrttttthettt itt wlticlt scvcn
schools including Albatty State.
tliughamtoh. llnl'l'ttloState. ()heotr
'ii. Ri’l. Union, and University or
.lul’l'alo will be represented. Album
\\lll provide two teams. A and ll.
\tltictt tvill complete two l'out'~tc:nn

 

  

 

llllll‘l l'l H) in

April l3 l" to Ill» ltli llt til it

lol\.t~~. l":
l"t|othuhp.\rt~l, Ill t

\tn l'llt\t't~ll\ til \ h lurk | \tltv“

THE UNlVERSlTY THEATRE

ENDCAME
{#:q‘i'.

‘3' “3
“riot

   

  

I’l- I lit til \'.\'I ll
\ hilt...

\ltlltt t's». "w.

l

Attd ‘Play it Again Sant’
April 18-19, 25-26. May 2—3
at 8 pm
Arena Theatre

divisions. littch tcuttt composed of
l7 players (three full lines and two
goalies) will l'ztcc tltc other tctttus in
Its division. At the end ol' the
regular competition. tttc top l\\‘tt
teams in each division will advance
to the tournament |ll;l_\‘ttll\, con
sisttng ol‘ .’l sctntlinttl httd llllill
round.

inst _\cttt 's l‘inhl l'illilc was qtutc ii
thrtllct. us Iliuyttatnton edged
Albzuty A 32 in ttittc mthtucs ol'
otcttimc. luv. \cat lot Albany 2t)
|tl.t)t‘|\ I'toto both ol' lust tcttt's
squad. :uc IL'llIlltttlt' along with H
itch :ttltlittons.

t‘uptaituut- Albany‘s .\ learn “I” ‘
lie the lL‘\C|'\ thh lcttttsott. who
|lltt\t‘tl k“t|lt‘t’ltlll) well lit lust year‘s
touroathcm. lltll Springt'r ot the
t heap Shots and | d Silicon-old ol
the llittl‘ottl (lillll' \\lll team up to
llillltllL' Inc t'oaltcndtnt' chotc-t. llo'tt
gottltcs combined for :t it‘ll goal.
against :ttctut-c ill the (‘httllcnttc
(‘hp one \cttt ago, l'hc goalies cart
c\pcct trclp I’totn .lttllll l'sltttsiltt ol‘
the Sitclxttandlctsmtd lohy lit-llo of
tire lltutsott (inhg. who the gcnctttl—
ly tcgatdcd ruoohd l cttguc | its line
dcl'cnsitc specialists.

lttc ol'l‘cusivc picture is equally as
bttght for the A team. I'ltc skaters
include i‘httl Weber ol' the Cheap
Struts, who despite missing a
quarter of the season still managed
to score eight times. pltts two other
very ﬁne shooters it] Mike Ferrin-

 

 

rirro ol‘ the Downtown Blades — a

ttucc tttttc scoring chuthp. uttd littb
Millet. captain ol’ l-‘Sli. whose 23
poittt-. ttcrc good enough to place
uittt ‘~t‘\t|ll\l in this seasou‘sxcoting
Ittcc. loc test ol‘ the ol‘l'cttsc \\lll
boast .\ltltc Marlborough. who sup-
plicd Ii l‘ttill\ lot the l'ctct'. .ltIlilt
llcttnc-stw. who played lot the
Sin-khan llt‘l\ and bolt Richter ol
the (‘n.unpron \\’crcwol\cs.

t'orhplt-otcntihg tttc shooting ol'
tumc .katcts “I” lie lirucc Scitlnct‘
ol‘ Ihc Ililllttttll (iuttg and Ron
McMhhtts ol' the Downtown
llludcs. llottt plttycrs c\ccl|ct| lll \ct-
ting up plays ttitlt good passing and
line -.llL‘l\lliltttlllllll itt creating
f'tlltlL'll scoring opportunities.

ltt~.tl\. ol'l'cusitc support Will be
rtltnitlL‘tl lt_\ a pair ol' (‘ttcap Shots.
|xnt_t l-‘rntchhtl l tilt) Shilling. who
ttccouhtctl for nearly 40 points bel-
\\L't‘t| lllt'tll. Also. Andy l-‘ircstone
ot the Dotthtown liladcs iitltl l’at
lllllllllt'lttil ol' tttc Stickhhhdlcrs
\\Ill be tough irt tttc citclc. taking
the lttccolls l'or Albany's A team.

Albany's other squad. the 1
team. is much ihtprovcd over last
year‘s edition. l'trc ll temtt will be
L’trt'ttplitttlctl by dcl'cnscmuh Mitch
(irrilittkc'l ol the ('Itcttp Shots and
tlt‘ltl \\lll_t'L‘| (it-ott'c littldtvin ol' the
Downtown liladcs. lltc Ii team
goalies are built relatively ittcvv
pcticht'ctl. Inning riot played itt last
year‘s tourney. thct‘thclcss. (‘tu’l
\Volt'son ol‘ ttrc Fever and Steve
l)iprcssi ol’ Anthony's Animals will
be protecting the net. I'ltc ll tcthn
ol'l'cnsc “Ill be ttttttkctl by the e\-
plosivc shooting of Rick
\\’c~.tct berg ot' ('osmic Debris. l’hul
()‘t'onnor ol the 'l‘imbcrwolves.
and Mike (‘labcaus ot' the
Desperadocs. who combined [or
otcr 40 goals this season.

An added dimension to this
year's it team is strength irt both by
the crease. Mike Kae/ ol' the Eg-
gltthdcrs. .luy (iottlieb ol' the Cheap
Shots and Mike Scltwartl. ol' i.os
(itingos will attempt to pressure the
opposing goullenders by hanging on
their doorsteps on offensive surges.
A secortd offensive urea wlterc
Albuhy scents to be extremely

talented is their constttot scrup-
pihcss itt tttc corttcis. l‘ltis ability
can ptotc invaluable it' players like
John Illt'lu') ol' tttc 'l‘ul'l‘ Darts,
Scott chal ol‘ the \Vctcttoltcs attd
.loc Ra_ic/hk ol' the l‘ctet contittttc
to successfully come up with tile
puck to create good slot passes on
ol'lcusc ntttl clearing plays on
tlclcnsc as tttcy lthvc all season.

llcstdcs thc sticktrhhdlihg ability.
the Will“ is not without quickness.
llustlcts thirty lcvihe ot' the
Stingers and llill t‘ohdon ol' the
Mothetpuckcts hate the speed to
ltttll') ol't'chsive rushes otrt ol'
Alltttlty's cttd. Still c\tta ol'l'ensive
will be provided by Keith Martin
who Ililtl six goals and nine points
tt\Cl‘iill, while playing I‘ine defense
tot ttrc (‘hcap Shots. ’

ll' lttsl year's otcrtime final is any
indication of tire quality of the up-
coming inlratntttal event. tltctt ob-
tiohsly it could be qttite a tourna-
meht. Undoubtedly. Albany's
squads seem more well rounded and
rthtch improved otcr last year's A
attd ll tcams. ‘l‘cam A captain Rich
l,cvinsoh commented on his team's
chances: “All the teams are evenly
htatchcd. i tvill be very disap-
poiutcd iI' botlt the A arid [3 teams
do ttot make it to the semi-finals
this year."

A team goalie llill Springer
agreed with Levinsoh. considering
that they ltuvc l‘heed every team ex-
cent the University of Buffalo.
Albany just may be good enough to
avenge last year's ﬁnal game set-
back to iiittghamtoh. “lloth the A
and ii squads look much better tlttttt
last year. Overall. we have much
more depth." said Springer.

The (‘ttallenge Cup begins Friday
at noott and will t‘llli ttrtlil l'our iii
the afternoon, with the series

.opeher pitting Albany A against
Uttiott. On Saturday. tlte games will
run from tctt iii the morning to ten
at ttigltt. 'l‘he ﬁnals are scheduled to
begin Saturday evening at ttirte
o'clock. All games will take place at
University Gym with tickets
available at Sutter‘s Mill.

 

