m.~t.dh’5m-ttr'~czttum.,.r-w..,.

A Draft May Be BloWin

 

 

A Dangerously

by N. JET: an!

I dreamt that they bonibed Manhattan.
After the frantic phone call I lay down and
went to sleep. At that point. the reasoning of
one small person would ltave done no good
or would have had no effect at all.

When I woke up ldiseovered that Manhat-
tan was still itrlact for the ntotncnl so I ate
breakfast and tried to collect my thoughts.

There were ntote upsetting things III the.

news. but, like a pcrsotr that has received too
much abuse, Icottsidct'cd iI trttrnbly and clos-
ed the paper. I tried to ﬁgure out wlurt I
should do. should I do artytlrittg. I needed to
face my responsibility. but what was my
respot'tsibility?ero was l anyway? How could
I effectively do anything? Everything was so
large and cotrfused. Everyone who thinks has
beett awestruck at the information that we
have been allowed to have. but most of us
are aware that there is rrruclt we do not know.
Who am | irt this d'adeucd attttosphcre? I
feel like a braitt ccll iii a medically sedated
mind.

In the face of history, III the bigness of tlte
world. the bigness ofa crowd at a draft rally.
I feel small—too small to be effective—as
small as a cell. Yes. you mail are. relatively.
as small as a brain cell .Antc 'ica is a courttry
that it is difficult to know since we live within
it. But we all know what Russia looks like.
The information has been stored within each
and everyone of us. It is easy to see a coun-
try. like a person. through a narrow scope.
Don't forget for a moment that there is
anything less complex. less human, or lesslike
you and I withirt Russia's surfaces than there
is within ours.

“Bomb the shit out of Iran. They got it
coming to them. artd besides. we rteed the
oil." Witt) are we to say that? Let‘s prtttclr
America in the trrotttlr because “C don't like
its attitude. Irarr stole Arnetre 's rollersktucs
so America is justified itt breaking ltnn‘s
fingers. Russia tripped America‘s sister so
Amt" has the absolute right to beat
Russia‘s kid brother bloody. Wl' are dealing
with a dangeroust ptinritise perspectiw.
And of course, we‘re tight. America is
justified. as well as the litrglish. the (‘Irinese.
the Russians. the Istaelies. the (icirnans. the

Armenians. the Italians, and the Ira-
nintrs —-evetvottc can littd ittstrlicatiotr for

Within each ol tts iulottntttiott has beett
stored. When we are cttllctl upon to add “but
we Ittl\L' learned to the whole. tltete is llo

_. Primitive Perspective

reason not to give it—-or is there? Consider. if
educated fellows or our eountry_constitutc
the "brain" of the country, it is front the
brain that is produced. along with tlte infor-
mation, the conscience. the ethical and tnoral
beliefs, the pride and character. arid tltc
reasoning abilitie : all of the aspects that we.
as ltutnarts. value. We are a big. healthy
cotttttry. one which I tltotrgltt was intelligent.
l consider it. and I thirrk that others should
also. an insult to enlist the ittlclligcttcc ol'out'
pcrsotr into physiettl conflict. Are we goats,
bulls? What is our person like? What is our.
character?

ls America it scvenlectr-yearsold kid who
hasn't learned ltow to reason or cotrtrol his
sexual impulses? Is America a pampered
preppy who llzrshes his vocabulary around
like ltis clothes. but has no understanding of
the human condition. save his won. who
doesn't really know what the trteartittgs of
the words Ire uses are. and has no experience
in the World? Perhaps America needs a slap
in the face; it doesn‘t mean. though. that we
ttccd to fight back.

I tltirtk that we should look broadly and
sitnply at ours and othcr's characters. There
are at lot of brairts Ill ottr country and a lot of
cells in a braitr. From these cells information
is stored and called upon to be used. Aside
front being an organic file cabinet, we are
also part of the cortscienee.thc character, and
the holders of values. So America watrts to'
enlist the help of millions of young
Americans to solve the problems that we are
facing. I say. by all means, LET‘S HELP
AMERICA. American needs tttorc help than
it thinks. We rtccd to make it conscious that
there ilt't: tttore effective ways of dealing with
srrclt probletns and we cart. ifthc whole lnain
decides to, pull back the fist that is ready to
punch. espertd sortie energy to calm doer the
angry body. and bring about the patience it
will take to reason our nay out of this cort-
I‘lict arid ptrt ill some estrn ltorrrs to ensure
that it won‘t happen again.

Instead of being one of the brain cells that
dies when Attic-lien goes ottt turd ties on a
good ottc. ot orrc that has scll'isltl) decided to
bury himself in dead information. ignoting
Ilte etutets and ettctg) waves that tIIL' tttttlittg
everyone :ttoitnd ltitrt, | trtttst become part ol
the c\ct~gto\\ing conscience that Itopelttll)
\\i|l effect the dccisiou-utnkittt' part of orri
country frotrt fIc\ittg its ttutseles tllttl ptttt
clting Russia's little brother ,tn the face.

 

An ldealistic Strategy

To the ICtIIInr:

This letter is Ill response to President
Carter's urotion to revive rcgistratiott arid the
draft, botlr of which are inconsistent for
world peace.

The arguement for potential nrilitary ac-
tion in the Persian (2qu revolves around ortr
vital interests there. Tire following is an alter-
native solution to our present crisis.

I propose that registration and a draft be
enacted, but for a different purpose than
tuilitary duty. Those selected tnust serve a
predetermined tinte (2 or 3 years) witlritr the
United States working on ways so that we cart
become energy independent, I propose we
utilize the present technology of wirtd and
solar power at hotne and use the money.
manpower and education for increasing ottr
research into new technologies of renewable
energy sources. Those conglomerates tradi-
tionally based on producing war machinery
should convey their capacities to the produc-
tion of renewable energy resources. Grutuan.
Lockheed and the rest could relatively easily
shift their production from fighters. tattks.
and jeeps to solar panels and wind power. In
this way. with our present technology we
could install sources ofencrgy in those places
that are appropriate (rural areas specifically)
and thus. reduce our imported oil. Using the
vast amounts of money and research tradi-
tionally reserved for wartime technology ad-
vances the capabilities of renewable energy
technology so we could gradually utilize
teclntology in areas where it is now not feasi-
ble.

Ultimately the Middle East and all its oil
would not represent that vital interest and in
the long run we would convert to energy
sources that are clean and healthy. This
would also eliminate waste of thousands. if
not tnilliotrs of lives. Blood for oil, not mine!
Any feedback?

Stuart Lipsou

Tattletale!

Alto/tytttotts letter sent to the parents of Eric
Is'uli. (ml/tor of the Aspects article "Healing
The Draft. 1980".

Mr. and Mrs. Koli,

I hope yott are prottd of your sort Ii ' If
)ott have not already. please read the article
that your .son wrote for the University
Newspaper which appeared litiday. l-H-Hl).

It you agree with his feelings. then it is ob-
\ ions Irow he became tltc pitiful cscusc for art
Attterican citizen that he is. Ilttt I prefer to

give you the benefit of the «alum
Eric is totally at fault for his \egctuhlelikcttt-
titude. I suggest in that case [bill you on.
courage your apathetic son to crawl hart
under whatever rock he came out from
under. It is people like your son that hate
helped America becorue the laughed at. neat
nation it is now; and our Ullt\ctsll) to be
regarded as a clearing hortsc for apathetic
morons. a category which thanktttlly all olus
do not fit into.

 

Casualty

To the Editor:

It is a strange thing, to talk about ‘wat'.
and whether or not an individual would ﬁght
in one if called upon by their country. lnsuclt
conversations, we have certain csptessiotts
and idiomatic phrases which make thc
whole topic much easier to deal with. We
speak of Igoing overseas‘. ‘goittg to wat‘,
‘ﬁglitittg for our country‘. ‘golttg ittlo cunt-
bat'. or ‘standiug up against the enemy”.
These are very useful phrases \\IllL‘Il cottt‘e-
triently wrap up details which we .‘III nislr Itt
overlook. in a way so that \\c t'itll -n dontt In
a hearty dinner without throwing up uttu
hearing about tltc days “castration.” on the
evening news. What is a casnulo .‘

A Italf otrttcc piece of lead It' mid. and
It's ltard. And it travels \et_\ In t It tt.t\els
very. very fast. You netct sttu it ottttttr.

It rips through yottt flesh. \tltl nut an M-
crttciatittg surge of pain. It t't‘lllllttlt through
your body, tearing tlttottgh ‘.ttttt In .nr. \tllli
wins. and your IIL'HL's. ll tlj‘ \ott Lt”
backwards into the slime ttutl‘rt'lt‘tl I“
countless army boots. \shett- wit will rH'It
ttttllly Iic rotting. Iltc tlt'tttt‘. t
unbearable. an ittlcltsi\c pun .nt lh‘H’l
cottld even imagine. You loot Io w
attd you see your blood.\onr tttt it in blood.

t'.Illlll‘.

II ‘.‘.t tttttl.

 

gA,’

 

AW INTERIM L

 

 

 

 

 

 

I owe VIGPIRITEV, tuFrArEV
sumac/ea FROM Low auger;

H t9T 5AM M9
gaging-g1! AWEU thlé/

 ﬁrm? ME

VIEOFE’VEE .

‘90 Tia/AFeHANt T
W ITS SECRET 135%”),—
5U%’EMDPH08IAI

rm "to manna mau-

 

I JUST couwo'r
PULLYMVSELF
T066 HEB ~

9W «ti/MW—

VOU R

THEM I new
AFéHANl QTAN .’

-

si/Mprous Pch‘EIST IMO
- consort

creAR QR

I . H".

 

 

- . s to a} I a e U 0 a o I o'a'n AT. p'.'..'.'.'.‘.'.‘.‘.'.'t'. .‘i .u‘; ’1‘ rats; A “may at.

 

°M"““"-~‘~s~~-~~sanu n
. .s. . .. , ..

’v'shluus-m.‘ a... ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

