 

 

 

I "Mlsled

’ To the Editor: '

On Sunday, November 8th. Cindy
Oreisdorf. a writer for the ASP, requested
an interview with me on JSC-HiIIeI to be us-
ed as a feature article in theASP. I was told
that the ASP frequently presented. such
features on SA groups. giving students the
opportunity to-ﬁnd out more about campus
activities. I agreed to the interview on this
basis. _

After reading the write-up in the Aspects
section of Friday. November i4th’s ASP.
and the articles surrounding it. I am left
feeling deceived by my interviewer, as well
as in question of the ASP staff’s intent in
their choice of articles used to exemplify
what they titled. “Religion — Organized
and Not —‘its impact on Students." At no
point prior to or during the interview was I
informed that JSC-Hillel would be part ofa
3-fold feature. I find it hard to believe that
my interviewer would simply forget to in-
form me that the purpose of the interview
would be broader than a feature of JSC-
Hillel alone. and therefore, call to question
her true intent on interviewing me. Had I
been aware of this broader purpose. I
would have approached it from a very dif-
ferent perspective for a number of reasons.
which I will outline.

The question posed on the front page of
the Aspects section reads. "How Does
Religion Effect You?" The focus of my in-
terview. as verified in the article. was not on
Judaism the religion. but rather upon JSC-
Hillel the organization. If the purpose of
the feature was to focus on religion and
how it affects the student. why was I inter-
viewed on the organizational aspects of
JSC- Hillel? When one is looking to repre-
sent the effects of religion on the in-
dividual. one does not approach it from art
organizational point of view. Rather. one
approaches the individual.

If I had been approached and asked to
give my personal thoughts and feelings on
Judaism. I would not have given an account
of JSC-Hillel. JSCvHillel as an organiza-
tion. attd Judaism as a religion. and its ef»
fects on me. are two different subjects and
should be dealt with as such. I note here
that JSC-Hillel does reach out to meet the
religious needs of the student. yet at no
point did my interviewer focus in on this
aspect of the organization.

In addition to my feeling that the article
on JSC-Hillcl was not representative of the
Jewish religion and its effects on me. i also
found that the articles which shared the
centerfold of Aspects with JSC-Hillel were
not particularly representatived of religion
in general. It seems to methat if the ASP

was intei‘e'sted in giving the students the op-
portunity to express the effects of religion
on them. that they would'have taken a
broader sampling and had students from
each of the recognized religious denomina-
tions present their views. Instead. the ASP
chose to limit itself to two campus groups.

in addition. the ASP chose to focus in on
one Jew who turned to Jesus and one Jew
who turned away from religion altogether.
At no point was a Jew committed to
Judaism asked to give his/her personal
viewpoint and at no point was an individual
committed to any other religion asked to
give his/her personal story. Instead of giv-
ing this article the representation that its li-
tle eluded to, the article talked about one
Jewish organization and the responses of
two Jews who quite clearly from their ar-
ticles. lacked a positive connection with
Judaism.

As a result of the articles used to repre-
sent this Aspects section. the reader has now
not only been given a non-representative
view of religion and its effects on the stu»
dent. bill at the same time the ASP has serv-
ed to reinforce a negative perspective of
Judaism. A broader perspective ntight have
sited new ligltt on the subject rather than
perpetuating the tnyth of the unfulfilled
Jew. A more complete look into all
religious groups may have served to
strengthen interfaith relations.

To the writers of titcse articles and lo the
ASP staff. I ask you to think through your
goals again and agairt before printing an ar-
ticle. I bring to question one" again yout
sincerity atttl intent in putting together such
a series. We pride ourselves in being the
generation to educate tlte people. With this
responsibility in our hands we need to
evaluate over and over again what this
education will consist of and wltal out
tnorai anti ethical guidelines will be.

—— Marla Oberlander
President. JSC—Ht'l/e/

Annoyed

To the Editor:

This letter is in response to the “How
Does Religion Affch You" centerfold inl
Friday, Nov. 14‘s Aspects. I find many
problems with this centerfold, the main one
being its objectivity, Iu turning to the
centerfold. I expected to see many articles
describing the different religious services on
campus. Four articles should have been
written. one each on Catholocism.
Luthernnisnt. and Judaism. representing
the groups that pray in Chapel House. the
interfaith house of worship on campus. The
last article should have included the other
religious groups on campus. This. to me.
would have represented an objective view

 

 

of religion on campus.

Instead. i found three totally unrelated
articles. the only connection between them
being the connection in the minds of the
Aspects editors. One article. on-JSC—Hillel.
didn't say anything about Jewish prayer
and religious pratice on campus. Ms.
Oberlander. it seems, was never told that
the interview was about religion on campus.

' The interview was about all of JSC-Hillei.

dealing with Students For Israel and
students interested in bowling. not Jewish
students interested in Judaism. Only two
sentences were devoted to the liberal and
traditional services on campus. supposedly
the main focus of the centerfold.

The second article I read dealt with the
CCC which I felt was not representative of
religion on campus. The CCC is an
evangelistic organization. The Roman
Catholic and Lutheran services were not
represented here. leaving out a main seg-
ment of religion on campus.

The third article I read was a.subjeetive
view of religion dealing with one person's
feelings and experiences with Judaism. This
article. being subjective. did not belong in
the centerfold. I respect Ms. Weinstein's
views, but they too don‘t objectively repre-
sent religion on campus. Since her attitude
displayed ill feelings towards her ex-
periences with Judaism. Aspects had. and
still has. the obligation to print an article of
someone else’s good experiences with
Judaism. .

On the whole. Aspects completely failed
in its attempt to d-al with an extremely
touelty topic; religion. The lack of objec-
tivity and the incongrueuce of the articles
produced a misrepresentation and subjec'
live view of “religion on campus." The
Aspects editors. by printing this centerfold.
failed to live up to the high reputation of
the ASP as an objective newspaper.
Aspct‘lx, it seems. should keep to its
humorous articles on UAS food. instead of
trying to deal with a serious theme that it
can’t handle.

— Joel Rosenfeld

lnsuited

 

 

To tile Editor:

In response to the article: “is Religion
Sotnething Other Than Shiksas. Matzo
Balls. and the K-Tel Bar Mitzvah?"
published in Aspec/s. Friday, Nov. I4. it .is
our opinion that Ellen Weinstein ridicules a
5.000-year-old tradition which she knows
nothing about. She stereotypes Jews and
Judaism in models similar to those used by
anti-semites throughout history. It is unfor-
Innate she never had a meaningful Jewish
experience. Perhaps this was the fault of the
family in which she was reared; never-

, .,. .. ._.......o.._«>-1~w. mmw

'theless. we feel this does not give her the

right to indict all of Judaism. To be an
open-minded individual, one must criticize
from a position of knowledge. and not at-
tack using rhetoric as one‘s only weapon.

She perpetuates the myth of the Jew as a
hypocritical, uptight. shallow. and money-
hungry creature. Poor Ellen. She may be
exactly what she emphatically denies _
hypocritical. In one sentence she claims to
be “a fanatical agnostic” in “disdain for
organized religion." She goes on to say it‘s
"great" if it “makes them happy and really
believe in what they’re doing." Obviously
this is hypocrisy. .

Ellen portrays her uncle as the sly.
hypocritical Jew who sends his nephew a
taped Bar Mitzvah portion in the hope that
his nephew might find some feeling toward
Judaism. Maybe her brother gained no
knowledge of Judaism from this. but does
this mean that the affirmation of thousands
of young Jews each year with their age-old
tradition is meaningless? The possibility of
a realization of belonging to a tradition
might inspire her brother to learn about
what it means to be Jewish. Ms. Weinstein
portrays her aunt as the uptight. stiff-
necked Jew who casts evil cyes towards
disrespectful children during the “serious”
religious ceremony of serving matzoh ball
soup. We think there is a lot more to
Passover than the way Ellen's aunt served
dinner.

The holiday is a celebration of freedom.
Unfortunately. Ellen never celebrated
Passover at a meaningful seder. Pool
Gramps is the money-hungry Jew who sav-
ed a wltolc airline fare from Miatni on the
Bar Mitzvah d-al. We feel this could not
have been the only reason for his joy upon
seeing two of his grandchildren Bar Mil/.-
vahcd. Ms. Weinstein tries to demonstrate
the shallowness of Judaism throughout the
article. This is evident in the description of
the Anne Frank society her mother was a
member of. We are disappointed that her
only “claim to fame" as mascot did not
push her to explore the depths of the
Judaism that permeated the life of Anne
Frank. If only Anne Frank could have lived
to see Ellen now. She would be disgusted by
the way in which some Jews have abandon-
ed their heritage. Unfortunately. Anne
Frank was murdered for her “accident” of
Jewish birth.

As members of this University communi-
ty. we are insulted by the suggestion that
Judaism is just shiksas. matzo balls and the
K-Tel Bar Mitzvah. To us and millions of
other Jews, Judaism is a way of life. It is a
religion; it is a nationality; it is a moral and
ethical code; it means being part of a long
history; and tnost of all, it is a feeling of
belonging. There is a lot to be gained from

 

How cww me as.
such A empire
JHBALAUCE. IT
SCNWAL

MILI‘M
A

TotseArE
Rt/

“WOW Master

wHEM VIV NE HRS AR ‘
105 (0696' T 556 L

17 osae
1H6 RUSStADS?

a IT to
ztfﬁ‘gii?

i2.

5ARUER.

 

a
STAle .7

 

 

Photo by Will Yunnan.

 

 

