 

ifWOnld Capsules

 

 

' Children Feared Murdered

ATLANTA (AP) Police began organizing door-to-door
foot patrols Thursday and community leaders signed up
volunteers for weekend searches as the investigation in-
tensified in the unsolved slaying and disappearances of
14 black children. The action came one day after police
revealed that the body of a youth found in 1979 has been
identiﬁed as one of six black children previously listed as
missing. The identification of the body of Alfred James
Evans. 14. of Atlanta. brought to nine the number of
children under age is killed in Atlanta or south subur-
ban East point in the last 15 months. Five other black
children are still missing. The decomposed body of
Evans. who was suffocated.was found last July four
days after he disappeared,but positive identification by
dental records was not made until Wednesday. Police
ofﬁcials gathered Thursday to plan a door-to-door cam-
paign to gather information about the killings and
disappearances. Angelo Fustcr. Mayor Maynard
Jackson's press secretary. said “hundreds of
policemen" would be on the patrols. and the city coun-
cil was considering a curfew for children under age 15.

 

 

Iraq Bombs Teheran

BASRA. Iraq (AP) lraqui warplanes bombed Teheran
Thursday to set fire to oil storage tanks in the lranian
capital and Iranian jcts struck at Baghdad. lraq‘s
military command reported. At the northern ettd of the
Persian Gulf. lraq said its ground forces forged a siege
ring around the burning oil refinery city of Abadau. bttt
Iran claimed it pushed the invaders back itr hard
fighting. While the two warring Moslcm countries trad-
ed air strikes and fought at close quarters at the Shall ai~
Arab estuary. Prime Minister Mohammad Ali Rajai of
lran left for New York to present Iran's case against
lraq to the U.N. Security Council The Iranian news
agency said Rajai rejected the possibility of a cease-fire
in the 25-day-old war, saying: "As lortg as lraqi Presi-
dent Saddam Hussein continues his tyranny arid aggres-
sion. we will defend our stand."

Egyptians Go On Trial

ALBANY. New York (AP) Eight Egyptians accused of
illegally entering the United States by motorboat went
on trial here Thursday in U.S. District Court. The eigltt
young men were arrested by the U.S. Border Patrol
Sept. 20 after allegedly riding a motorboat across the St.
Lawrence River from Canada to the New York shore.
near Morristm n. The) face misdemeanor charges of ii-
legal entry and :onspiracy for an illegal entry. Each
charge carries a maximum six-month jail sentence and a
$500 fine. in addition. Mohamed Abdelhady. the pilot
of the boat. is Charged with smuggling aliens into the
country. a felony. The eight pleaded innocent to the
charges. saying they did not know they had crossed tltc
border. None of the defendant-. took the witness stand
Thursday as U.S. Attorney Terry Kelly produced a visa
application by one of the defendants that had been
denied. Four attorneys have been assigned to represent
the Egyptians. Court officials said they expect tltc trial
to last until Monday.

Commoner Says “Bullshit”

 

 

 

 

WASHINGTON (AP) Barry Commoner. lung
frustrated that his Citizen's Party presidential campaign
has drawn little notice. has changed all that with the use
of one little word. The utterance of “bull— " irr a na-
tional radio contmercial may not. however. have drawrt
the kind of attention Commoner and his new party
wanted. in fact. the ad and its barnyard language drew
thousands of irate phone calls front listeners witltin an
hour of its ﬁrst broadcast Tuesday. Nonetheless, Corri-
moner campaign spokesman Phil Evans said the party
thought the use of the word was justified. "We honestly
felt the word ‘bull— ‘ was being ttscd by millions of
Americans to express their frustration at the empty
rhetoric being offered by the traditional candidates in
this campaign.” Evans said.

Navito Defend Gulf?

WASHINGTON (AP) The U.S. Navy is capable. by
itself. of keeping open the vital oiltanker route into the
Persian Gulf. but the United States is keeping open the
idea of a combined allied ﬂeet there. a Pentagon
spokesman said Thursday. Thomas Ross, the
spokesman. said there is “no active coordination on a
day-by-day basis" between U.S. naval units and ships of
other navles operating in the Arabian Sea and Gulf of
Oman approaches to the Persian Gulf. The lranians
have threatened to block the Strait of Hormuz. the

 

 

26-mile-wide mouth of the Persian Gulf through which
abbot 80 to 90 tankers move in any given day. Asked
whether there are signs that the lranians are preparing to
carry out their threat. Ross replied. "None at all." He
said the flow of shipping through the strait is normal.
Asked at the same time if the U.S. Navy can keep Open
the tanker route into the Persian Gulf by itself. Ross
said. "We have the capability to do that on our own."
the United States now has 32 ships in the vast lndian
Ocean, including two powerful carrier task forces within
striking distance of the Persian Gulf. This total has fluc-
tuated slightly over the past months. Seven of those
ships are cargo vessels anchored at the mid-lndian ocean
Island of Diego Garcia loaded with equipment for a
Marine brigade in event of an emergency deployment
from the United States.

Abernathy for Reagan

(AP) One of the nation's best known black leaders gave
Ronald Reagan a surprise endorsement Thursday. while
the White House disavowed a claim by another promi-
nent black. Andrew Young. that Reagan's campaign
rhetoric means “it’s going to be all right to kill triggers
when he’s president." With President Carter and his
GOP rival campaigning their way toward ajoint evening
appearance at a charity dinner in New York. White
House spokesman Ray Jenkins said Young‘s statement
last week “does not rcprescttt the president’s view.“ The
Rev. Ralph David Abernathy. like Young a close
associate of the late Martin Ltrther King Jr.. offered his
endorsement at a news conference itr Detroit with
Reagan and GOP vice prcsidcntial candidate George
Bush. “Crime has increased. inflation has increased.
unemployment has increased and interest rates have in-
creased." since Carter took office.er said. “Poor black
people cannot make it under this type of system. for
another six months. and we don‘t need this doctor any
tnorc. because we as the patient are geltirtg sicker. . ."

Prison Violence in Fla.

STARKl-l. Florida (AP) A beefed-up guard force con-
ducted a ccll-by-ccll search Thursday of Florida State
Prison. home of tire nation's most populous Death
Row. in an effort to quell intertniltent violence that has
left one guard dead and two injured. "lt‘s calttt itt
there.“ said Corrections Department spokesman Ver-
non Bradford. “Tltc institution is under total
lockdown.” In a lockdown. “everybody stays irt their
cells. There is rto movement.“ Bradford said. The
prisoners inside the l9'year-old institution will remain
locked in their cells indefinitely. Bradford said. Officials
brought in reinforcements Wednesday night and used
tear gas to subdue 300 inmates when ortc gttard was stab-
bed with a homemade spear and another was scalded by
Death Row inmates. A guard was fatally stabbed by a
Death Row imnutc Sunday: ()f tltc l.200 inmates at
Starke. I49 are on Death Row.

 

 

 

 

Liner Stranded in Port '

LONDON (AP) About 900 passengers. most believed
American. were stranded aboard the luxury cruise ship
Cunard Countess today in Barbados after its British
crewmen went on strike. according to initial reports
reaching the British-owned line's headquarters here to-
day. “We have had information that there‘s a problem
aboard the Cunard Countess. but are waiting for further
details." said Don Wescon. a spokesman at the head-
quarters of the Cunard Line. which also owns the Queen
Elizabeth ll. “As far as we know. the ship is still stuck
in Barbados." Westcott said the dispute apparently
arose out of Cunard's plans to sell the money-losing
17,495vton Cunard Countess and its sister ship. the
Cunard Princess. to an “overseas subsidiary.“ Under
the plan. announced two weeks ago. the vessels. which
ply the Caribbean on luxury cruises. would no longer
sail under the British flag and local — and therefore
cheaper — staff would be hired. Westcott would not say
to which country the ships — Cunard's last luxury liners
apart from the QE ll — would be transferred.

Chinese Test Nuclear Bomb

WASHINGTON (AP) China set off a nttclcar explosion
in the atmosphere early Thursday. its first such test since
l978. U.S. officials immediately activated a nationwide
network of stations to monitor fallout from the huge
radioactive mass when it reaches the Uttitcd States in an
expected four to five days. “We don't anticipate any
significant problems in terms of public health based on
results frorn previous tests." said Harry Kelly. an of-
ficial of tltc Environmental Protection Agency. which
monitors the fallout. The explosion occurred at “12:30
am. EDT at the Lop Nor nuclear test site in northwest
China. the Energy Department announced. The abmc-
ground blast would produce the familiar mushroom
cloud and send radioactive particles into the atmosphcrc
to be propelled around the world. Officials put tltc si/c
of the explosion at between 200,000 and 1 million tons
of TNT — or at least 10 times larger than the blast from
th‘ atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima. Japan. in
l945.

Economy Recovering

NEW YORK (AP) Stock prices rose to their highest
levels iii 3 l/2,ycars today as the government provided
tnorc evidence tltc economy has ctnerged frotn the rcccs-
s'ion. Trading was heavy. The Dow Jones average of 30
industrial issues rose 4.0] to 976.45 in the first two hours
of trading. as advances outnumbered declines by a 2-1
margin among New York Stock Exchange issues. The
closely watched average has not closed that high since
Jan. ll. 1977. when it reached 976.65fl‘he Federal
Reserve Board reported that industrial production rose 1
percent in September.

 

 

 

 

r

CAMpus Bniefs

 

Gerontology Colloquia

SUNYA's institute of Gerontology is planning tltc
initial program in its annual series of Brown-Bag Coll-
qnia.

On Thursday. October 23. New York‘ State Senator
Hugh Farley will speak on “Growing Old irt New York:
The Legislative Perspective."

Senator Farley has been chairman of the New York
State Standing Committee on Aging since that commit-
tecs inception. The Senator will discuss ctrrrcttt
legislature. the role of thc govcrtttnertt itt relation to the
elderly. and future trends in government finances and
public attitudes

Adtnission is rcc to the discussion. which will be held
frotn 1:00-2:00 prtr in Campus Center .145. l'\cr\onc is
ittvitcd to bring their ltntclt. I

Bike for Easter Seals

The Easter Seal Society is orgttni/ing a fund raising
"Bike-hike" to take place Sunday. ()ctobe lo, the
25-mile cottrse originates from the Sltencndehowa High
School parking lot in Clifton Park.

Participants are asked to get sponsors for the cotttsc.
Cyclists bringing in contributions of $25 or tnorc will
receive a T-shirt. and prizes will be awarded to the top
fund-raiser. including a Panasonic bicycle and a $150
gift certificate.

Locally. the Easter Seal Society funds Tire lirtstcr Seal
Speech and Hearing Center on Washington Avenue.
wheelchair loans. and sponsors The Capital Spokcsrncn.
a wheelchair basketball learn.

 

 

To register. call Lindtt Martirtelli at Tire Easter Seal
Society, 434-4l03. '

Mass Debating in Sctdy.

Presidential candidate John ll. Anderson will speak at
Linton High School irt Schenectady. Monday at 8200
pro.

Anderson's appearance. coming on the eve of tltc
presidential elections. is being sponsored by Freedom
Forum. a non-profit, non-partisan organization lllttl
will also be sponsoring a series of debates iii the months
ahead.

Guest lecturers. including faculty members of
SUNYA will appear on a monthly basis to discuss the
draft. control of handguns. nuclear power. and the
government's role itt Abortiott.

Anderson will be discussing (what clsc'li 'l'hc
Arncrtcan l’rcsidcncy.

Lost Weekend

“I don‘t care! They'll be here in a half horn and this
place had better be clcttn. I don‘t know what they'll do.
'l‘hcrc's all that (‘hlntt stuff -~< you know. Chinese food.
martial arts, films. dance."

“Sounds like a lotta jttnk'.’ Vcry ftttrtry. And listen.
Ill” I/IUM' things amt). l was caught smoking cigtttullv»
once and my father disowncd tnc. If he sees that. l 'sWL'MI
to god. hc‘ll lttuc rue arrested."

“What clsc’.’ l‘hcy‘ll b.- a complete program of cvt'nl‘r
autllttblc tomorrow. lishibils. lectures. films. the usual
department shtick."

Then there‘s the breakfast with the president. I bet no
mother brings rne a tie. Dad's pretty excited about the
lillllll‘il” Rlllllc. but can't understand how he‘s espct'tvtl
to root for a tcttnt Itatncd after a notoriously lltrl‘lt‘ll
dug," ‘

“I gucss we‘ll go to tire cider and donuts reception Ill
Alumni HOUSL‘ at night. \\‘llt.'l'L‘\L'l that is. And .llttllC‘»
Whittnorc at nigltt. And if they don't bring up an

‘grttdcs before they lease. F“ be 100 bucks richer 

“And 0"" “‘5‘ Iltine. Try to wake lth up and get her
(1m “he”: “i” fit"? Dtttl'll be proud of trtc. btrt it Mont
“lids m” “"5.” ll Slllkﬁil. She'll try to get tttc excom-
municated." .

 

 

Issues at Rotary Debate

by Sue Mllllgan

Since Presidential hopefuls
Carter. Reagan. and Anderson were
not able to appear in Albany per-
sonally. the Rotary Club of Albany
offered the next best thing -— a
debate among representatives of the
candidates at the Thruway House
yesterday.

Mayor Erastus Corning
represented Carter. Congressman
Gerald Solotnan represented
Reagan. and Ambassador Soloman
Zurhellen spoke in behalf of Ander-
son in the debate.

Corning remarked that “Carter
has dottc art extremely good job in a
time that was difficult." and noted
that "it is only now (under Carter)
that we have an cttcrgy policy."

Corning also said that “Carter
has tncldcd his own ideas with the
ideas of others (concerning)
econotnic policy — a policy based
on jobs."

He emphasized “tltc need to
lessen dependence on foreign oil."
and spoke of an “economic policy
that is world-wide."

“We cart give our knowledge and
funds to other parts of the world."
Corning said. "The major dif-
ference irt this clectiott is that Carter
secs the world picture better . ..
and sees its importance."

Zerhellen. first commenting that
“Anderson stands for common
sense and progress." charges that
“there is something wrong with the
candidates and platforms of both of
the other parties."

“Corning said he decided in May
of 1979 to support Carter."
Zurhellen said. “but Carter's
policies have changed many times
since then. Carter used to be against
unemployment and inﬂation. but
he has brought about both of them.
He was against a tax cut — now he
wants one in January."

Zurhellen added that he “can't
figure out what Carter‘s economic
policy is."

Zurhellen also said that he "can‘t
figure out what Rcagan's policies
arc either."

"Reagan used to be against
equality for wotnelt. and now he
wants one on the Supreme Court.
Mttybc he thinks she'll go for coffee
for tltc other judges." Zurhellen ud-
dctl.

The ambassador said that
“Reagan‘s proposed tax cttt will our
ly drive prices higher and raise the
level of inflation."

Zurhellen remarked also that
“we have been so driven to con-
sutnc . . . we cannot use ortr capital
the way we ltavc been. We rtrust en-

   

 

.- "an
lllllltt
l’l l-llll ‘

 

Photo: I.dIMlttlhoItl

Albany Ma 'or Erastus Cornln re resents the incumbent at "Presidential" debate.

 

"Carter has done an t‘.\'lrt’lllt'fi' good job irt a time that was difﬂcrrll. "

courage saving. investment. and
hope in tltc future."

Congressman Solornan began by
dismissing Anderson since "he is
not it factor in this election . . . he
does ttot stand it chance to win."

Solomon critici/cd Carter. noting
that "prices have risen a great deal"
since Carter took office and that
"the federal budget has doubled"
since the Democrat‘s intutgcrutiott.

Solomnn also remarked that
“inflation is breaking tltc back of
every American. and promised that
Rct an would "fight lll\ in
creases."

Soltrnrun \l'"".|llL‘ll Reagan's
proposed Itt\ cut. ctttpltast/Ine lllill
“wc nccd to pttt tltc ntonc) Intck "L
to tltc pockets of tltc people."

 

Socialist Campaigns at SUNYA

ll) Sue Milligttn

Although fewer than ten people
attended her speech. Socialist
Worker l’arty Congressional carr-
didtttc ’at Maybcrry tnadc a strong
plea for labor and higher education
funding as she campaigned tr
SUNYA 'l'ucstlay.

Maybcrry spoke cstcnsitcl)
about a labor conference on Safe
lincrgy and l'llll Ftnploymcnt she
attended this month.

“We are calling for tr ltrhor par-
ty.“ Muybcrry said. “'l‘hc working
people in this ctruntty want publit‘
ownership of cncrgy . . . The labor
union at tltc coul'ctcncc came out
unanimously against nuclear
power. lltc labor movement is not
turning to lltL' right."

.\lnybctt'y suggested tltc use of
coal instcttd of oil. “Coal is a
cleaner fttcl than oil and it is not
rtulioactivc." 'l'hc Socialist nominee
also called for the immediate shut-
down of all nuclear power plants in
tltc U.S.

Maybcrry Iclerrctl to tltc incum-
lrcut Samuel Slttuton as a “war
rnongcr." and added that thc
uniorts at the conference “displayed
tutti-war sctttitttcnt.",

Mttybcrry also spoke against tltc
recent SUNY dormitory rate in»
crease. cmpltasi/ing that
“education should be a right. not a
pritilcgc of those who can afford
it."

“ l‘ltc raising of drum ttttcs . . .
by (‘httnccllor Wharton and tltc
’l'tustccs is part of tr continuing ttlr
tack on education." she continued.
“We need more state illltl federal
funding for our colleges and unher-

 

silics.H

Maybe-try sttid shc has en-
countered problems irt licr cutti-
pttign because she is not tr nominee
of a rnaior party.

“I wanted to lcttflcl at the ('on-
rail yard.“ she said. “and they
wouldn‘t let me. I bet if l were
Stun Strttltttn. they would have
allowed Inc to leaflet."

 

“rm

 

('ony.

 

"I\'4ll\llll' rr/ t/II/Hl rt'rtts..,/\ [ltll'l or r/ t'tt/lllllltlllt.’ rrIItrt‘k tr/I t’I/llt'ullltrr

 

Issitrnul t'antlitlttle Pat Murphy speaks on labor and t‘tlllt'llllllll_.

 

 

'htrln mutt \ttttr‘

 

Mttybcrt) also complained that
she and otltct Socialist catttlttltncs
have not rcccbcd tttlctpnuc press
ctncragc.

“Working people tttc tclnsitn' to
endorse ('tntct. Rcttttun. tn tltut

clonc  Andcrsorr. Iltrr \trtl nctcr
read about it in tltc papers." sht-
said.

blinlwtl) said she thinks the to
t‘tlllllllllt’t/ IIII [ltlilt' /l|'t'

 

W

CARD Calls Close to
Week of Draft Activism

by Wayne I‘cerehotun

A week of activities by anti-draft registration groups acr ss the na-
tion will cttd torrrorrow. according to Aida Bound. Associate Director
of tire Corntniltcc Against Registration for the Draft (CARD).

llound said conferences. teach-ins. and fund raising events such as
concerts w cte sponsored by local groups and coordittatcd by CARD to
fit into what was cullctl a "chk of Action." which began Monday.
llountl said site tell this would serve as a prelitttimtry move irr prepar-
ing for tltc new draft rcgrstrnlion which will begin on January 5. She
added that it would giw the groups a chance to reflect on last July's
rcgtstlttlion.

 

rw‘ '

Rebirth of a
Movement

 

llascd in Washington t).(‘.. ('ARI) has hctwccu 400 and 500
chapters nationwide. ltom it said. Albany‘s chapter. tltc Albany l’cttcc
('otthlttnt (/\l'(') has ttn c\cnt planned ttltlrouglt tltc tltttc won't corres-
pond with tltc “Week of Action.“ according to Robert ('ohen of the
Al’t'. ('ohcn surd Al’(' is planning a spcttkcr‘s totutn to take place on
(It-tuber IS on tltc SUNYA campus. (‘ohcn says lllltl other details are
skctcln at this trtttc.

(ARI) nus tilll'lllilllfr lorntcd ttt tltc l‘)(rt)'s. llonutl said. under the
lltllllt' or (National) ('ARI). Shc strid tltc group lit-tame dormant
with lllt‘ curl ol the tlltlll. bttt was tlL’llHliL‘tl once tu-ttin in April W79 itt

 

""Clip, Study, and Save "——
Campus Emergency Phones

  
     

(cslttrlt'st‘ ltl tltc tcccul rl...lt registration.

!)

 

4.5M —~ AVENUE — —_ _ _ _
" Dowrtro'ulkf“
CAMPU‘J

(Ivlt lllﬂt
(.tlHr

 

 

t(l/\l|ll
.‘r..rtt

 
      
 

 

 

FULLER ROADA

 

 

   
 

 

t. /V\kl\iNtv no /\'r

m H/utmr

 

 

* / /-tr tu~t Nix t‘tlt'rtrl)
(tr-out.

m  smut

ftrrrl\\~,/’ ’rlull

All phones should be working within one week.

 
    
   
  

i’th‘) Ll)
no t t_\)\IJlr

f ‘0

’/ "littllltu' sm Ilt'rtjatttltt

Howdy“ M' \’\

ll'vl\

 

._._.l

 

