trutt \-

 

 

onlthpsulE‘s A

Military Action Threatened

SYRACUSE (AP) Failure of Us. allies to support Presi-
dent Carter's call for economic sanctions could force the
United States to take military action. Senator Jacob Javits.
R-N.Y.. told ‘reporters here Monday. Attd .luvits s-aid
military action against Iran would threaten to "intiatne tltc
whole Islamic world." something ire warned against pro-
voking. .lavits spoke to reporters before atteirdittg a United
Jewish Appeal fund-raising dinner ltcre.

NBC Won’t Show Olympics

NEW YORK (AP) NBC-TV will riot broadcast the Summer
Olympics from Moscow. network sources said Mortday.
But.officiai announcement will be delayed until company
lawyers are certain NBC cart recover some $57 ittilliort on an
insurance policy. Tile $57 tuilliott represents ttte itiitcty per-
cetit recoverable portion of NIiC's Olympic payment to tire
Soviet Olyntpie Orgatti/ihg Cotrttttittec rttttl tttc Interna-
tional Olympic Cotttrrtitiee. according lit a policy the net.
work placed with Lloyd's of London irt Sepieihber l‘)7'l.
Art NBC statement issued Monday said: “NIK‘ has
repeatedly sititl it Would be guided by ttte policies ot the
United States goventrnent and we rcai'i'ittrt irrai. We are
discussing alterttate advertising plans with out ()Iyrtrpics‘
advertisers." President Carter has said tto ll.S. ()lyrtrptc
learn should participate iii the Moscow (inrttcs because ol‘
the Soviet military intervention itt Afghanistan. the lI.S.
Olytrtpic Conurtittee vrtted Saturday not to send a I ‘urtt to
tire Cratitcs.

Liberian Ofﬁcials on Trial

(AP) Liberia's rtew tttilitary rulers announced today Ittat
they were pttttitrg senior officials ol' the late l'testdertt
William 'I'olbett's t'cgittte on Iritti iitttttetlitttely on charges ol‘
high treason. corruption. violation of eiyil and human
rigiits atrd tttlstrse ot' pttblic office. In tris t‘itsr toteiyrn policy
statettteiit. ttte country's new 28-year-old president. Iorrtrer
arnty Master Sgt. Samuel R. Doc. said iii a nationwide
broadcast on Radio Monrovia tttat uis goyetorneni "will
not rest until every inch ol‘ At‘rleart soil is liberated. “We
will do our best to develop ottr relations wittt all l'ticotlly
countries." he said. i'llll pledged to take a leading role on
the cotttiitetrt. lie did ttot elaborate.

Guerilla Controls Needed

JOIIANNESBURG. South Africa (AP) A goyctriroertt
votlttitissirttt on Monday rceounttettded tighter eorrtr ols .tset
ttedirt reporting ol'bl'tek nationalist guerrilla raids irr Sr-ttttr
Al'rict. 'l‘he corittitissiott report. sttbtnitted to lllt‘ i'atlta-
tttettt itt Cape l‘owtr. also sttggestcd a system of registration
of foreign jottrttaiists attd stil'lc editatiorr proeerlutes
for South African rlel'errse correspondents. 'l H: Stey n t 't-or-
utissiott. n'adcd by High Court Justice Minister Martin tits
Steyn. proposed legislatiott aimed at tttortttoirtty- alt p...
pngattda activities iii South Africa by foreign individuals
and countries.

 

Thatcher Supports Carter

LONDON (Al’) littt'opcatt allies were conferring utgettily
on President Carter's call l'or sanctions against Iran and
should make a joint decisiott by tte\t Mottday. Prime
Minister Margaret ‘l'hatcher said today. In ttte first official
reactiotr by a West [European lender to Carter's “deadline”
for it decision from Western Europe. Mrs. 'I'ttatchet told
the House of Commons: “Our job is to show our support
to the American people and to President Carter ." Iltrt she
said Carter had ttot givert Britain a deadline by witietr to
make a decision.

Carter Deadline Puzzles Allies

LONDON (AP) Western European goveriitirents. which
are under pressure front Washington to join the U.S. stirre-
tions against Iran. expressed pttuleinent Monday about
President Carter's “deadline” for them to act. ()I'l'icial
sources in most European capitals said they had receiver] no
speciﬁc date. Only British Prime Minister Margaret 'I'hat-
eher, Carter‘s most enthusiastic supporter it" tough treriott
on Iran, offered quick support. lint even site said no drite
had been received.

Red Cross Visits‘ Hostages

(AP) The American hostages iii the us. Embassy tit
Tehran received a visit Monday front two representatives of
the International Red Cross in an apparent move by Iran to
blunt President Carter’s campaign for Western support iii

 

Imposing sanctions. The Iranian government agreed to
thrée conditions stipulated by the Red Cross: that its
representatives meet with all tltc hostages. titat they be
allowed to make a list of their identities. and that they be
allowed to notify the captives‘ families of the slate oi” their
health. according to a spokeswoman at the organi/atlon's
headquarters at Geneva. Iii Washington. the State Depart-
ment dismissed the Red Cross visit as a "palliative." but
acknowledged it could be helpful to the hostages arid lllctl'
families.

Lance’s Defense Rests

ATLANTA (AP) l-‘ormer U.S. budget direcrot Bert Lance
rested his defense at his batik fraud trial Monday after
characte: testitnoity from the father of slain L‘i\ll rights
leader Martin Luttier King Jr. The case could go to tnejory
by Thursday. The defense lasted only three days. hall of it
devoted to testimony from Lance hintseli‘. Prosecutors
presented IS‘) witnesses and totts of thousands oi
documents before resting their case last week. [he trial
opened exactly trirce tttottttts ago. From the original thirty-
three cotrttt indictment. ttittetcett counts remain to be con.
sidei'cd by ttte sis-man. sis-Wotttatt jury.

h Amend Campus

 

Wharton Visits SU N YA

Hunger . . . This was the topic of SUNY Chancellor's
speech before l'ottt SUNYA students and faculty. April It).
Wharton. who is a member of tire president's eortthtission
on World Hunger was iitvitetl by Chemistry Professor .lolttt
Ar'ottsott to speak to ttis elttss. UNI 310 World Punt! Crisis.
Accordittg to Al'ttllsittl. Wharton otttlitted tlte rttrtirt pttittts
the commission hopes to accorttplislt. ‘l‘he tttajot thrust of
tire group as Wharton reported. is the alleviation of world
hunger. According to Atottsrttt lite cotttrttissiott I'ccls Ilte
problem lies itt poor food distribution due irt ecottontic and
political l'actors. l'lte fact is. srtitl Atonsott. tltat Sill) tttllliott
people iii the wotld are still hungry.

Name That Machine

SUNYA studcttts. faculty. and staff members time the
opportrnrity to nickname the new l)t'cbold Maritte Midlattd
lluttk Money Matic Machitte iii the Catrtpus Cettter arid wirt
pri/cs.

the contest. nhien gels rrttdcr way today (April IS) will
corttitttte through 5 p.ttt. Friday. May 2. Results will be an-
nounced itt ttte .rlSl’ou May 9. Judges will Link for nptttess
and originality.

l'ltc pri/es \\ ill be it Sorry portable ielevisiott. rt Panasonic
AM-l-M radio. and a pocket calculator. Anyone cart enter.
attd there's no account to opctt.

l'tie machine wttictr this been awaiting tlp|‘t|'rt\ttl ol' batik-
ihg attttroritics l'ot soittc tittte received approval last week
and was actitated alttiost ittttttediately itt brief eetctttorties
on Monday. April 7.

I Love 8 .

l)o yott lose State Qtttrtl‘.’ Matty residents at r answering
yes by buying buttons advertising I lore SQ.

the buttons selling for It) cents each are ttrc btaittcitiltl of
State ()ttad Director litiarr Lucas, who laid ortt the initial
funds for the venture.

According to State Quad ('oorditnttot I‘atti Shyrlet‘. it is
hoped tttat the campaign will "get students interested in
staying on the quad l'or tte\t setrrestet ." Snyder added that
State ()ttad traditionally was ktrown as the freshman quad
attd el'l'otts are being made to get ritote retttrttitig students.

As a sign of friendship the State Quad Board is sending
an I love SQ button to caclt new l'rcslrtuatr rvlto will live itt
State Quad Itc.\l i'all.

 

F ive-Ouad Comm. titled

(in March Zlith both houses of the state legislature
adopted a lcgislatbe resolution ittat “honors uitd eotrt-
rttetrrls the efforts of the rttentbers ol' inc-(Iliad ambulance
service hit their dedication to the preseryutiott ot' the salet\
and well being of tire residents of tire Suite Ulll\t.'l'sil\' ol
New York at Albany.“ I

This tesoltttiott constitutes tlte l'irst tittte that I'l\crt|llittl
has received recognition for its services on the state letel.

The resolution. which was introduced iii the Senate by
Albany District Senator l'lnward Nolnrt. and Assetnblythen
Arntand D'Allltiltt and Richard Couriers. praises the qtntd
for its "excellence iii the field of emergency tttediettl scr-
viee." and cites live quad for having responded to over
1.600 emergency calls iii the last six years.

“We're honored that state officials took rlte rirrte ottt to
really take notice of what we've been doing." said Director

 

 

of Public Relations of five qultd Mike Lilltglttii. "We ‘
really tltrllled about it."

Rice Shortage in Cambodia

PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) Cambodians. struggling

daily ttt survive after IS tnonths of war arid famine. now

face a critical shortage of rice seeds that threatens to pm.
long their hunger. International aid officials say it is a

"toss-up" whether enough rice seeds cart reach Cambodia
iii the next two months to avert another disastrous- llili'\csl
and a huge food deficit. “Evert allowing for all the tta/at'ds.

we are bringing enough food so people won't die in the

streets and fields," says one international aid ol‘i'icial. "But
it will be a very difficult year — many people will besiet.
and some will die."

 

Duality Apnil 14,1980

 

SU N YA Artisans Awarded

Cortgratulatiotis to the 35 SUNYA stttdcitls and l'rtcitlry
who were i'eatured iit yesterday's Art Council's student mt
still“.

the exnibition. which operted toduy' itt ine (.‘utnptts
Center. displayed 39 original drawings. paintings and
sculptures.

Arttoitg the ill) pieces submitted 3‘) were chosen for tire
esttibit by curator for I)n\id Smith Estate. Shirley Matekc.

l’it'sl pri/e award winner was .lrtltll ls'ittgsbury. a SUNYA
gradttatc student. His piece was a unique abstract acrylic
pairttittg ctttilled Nut'r/ju's' Tt'ttr'lt'. Seeottd pi'i/e went to
Helen I-‘cbho's etehittg lz'rtt'lt'S/tt'ttte ttttd third pri/e winner
was Joe Jahkowski's acrylic glass paitrtirtg Ill Cuts.

The remaining 36 eshibirs were given ttortorablc inert-
tiorts.

All pieces will be displayed through 'l'ttursday on the i'itsr
ﬂoor of the Campus Center.

Volunteer Your Ear

(falling all members of the SUNYA community!
Volunteer your services iii the Atttttral FlIlltl Phonothon
April Zl-24 and April 28-May l. Volunteers are needed [it
help call alumni and friends of the university to raise funds
for campus aetivltics handicapped by reduced stat- ap-
propriations. In tnatty cases these funds are the sole support
for a program.

Over the past seven years aluttttti. students, faculty. arid
staff ltave joined together to ltelp tttuke the phortothon a
success. Last yearovcr $24,000 'as raised on eight nights of
the activity.

Volunteers will be provided a light bul'l'et attd a br‘iel‘ing
session beginning each evening at (t p.ttt. Calling will begin
at 7 p.ttt. and will conclude at 9:30 p.ttt. To volunteer. or
obtain additional information on how yrnt cart Itelp. please
contact: The Office of Resource Development. Al) 23‘).
Pttortc: 457-3983.

SASU Internships Available

Applications are ttotv beiirg accepted for internship post
tiotts with the Couttnutticutiotts Departrttettt of the SASll
l-‘otntdation.

SASU Cottttnitrti 'rttiohs reports rtll statewide student
politics covering the Governor. the State and i“t.'tlt'lill
legislatures arid cdtrcaliott agencies arid ot'gtttti/ations.
Publications address all issues ol'studcnt concern including
financial aid, SUNY bttdget. tuition hikes. govetanee. etc.

One to titrcc stttdettts will be selected to work full little at
SASll headquarters itr Alhtttty headquarters itt Albany lot
the hill I‘Jtlti Settiester. ‘l‘lie itrterships carry a stipend and
tall academic credit eatt be arranged.

l‘ositious are rtpeti to applicattts with experience iii one or
rttore ol' the following areas:

graphic. photography. wilting-reporting
arid proditctiott skills

Stttdctits will work on publication of:
(.t'rtszvrott/s- a news analysis ttewspupet r'caeltittt' lltrttt'
than 150.000 students tlrrottgltotrt the SUNY sysrertt

thlhbl Netru‘ Sr‘l't'tt't'» ti weekly packet of articles
teprtttted Ill carrtptrs newspapers around the state

.S/ISU lr‘rtt/t'o New Services weekly broadcast ‘st'ltit‘t‘
ttsed at all major SUNl’ campus radio slatiotts

SASU Communications also pttblisltes parttpttlets.
ItWt‘ts. buttons. reports. rittd coordinates tttedia eovcttlt'r‘
statewide.

For more information contact:
Patti Sitook. Cotnitutnieations Director:
Internship Director
SASU Foundation
I09 State Street

 

Albany. New York I2207

 

 

 
 

mu. h

April is. t9so~ - 

mwtumw.ﬁnn K  ' ‘ ‘

 

Albany Student Press

SU NYA Students Nabbed in Bran

 

Police Injured in Fight

by Susan Milllgun

l‘wo SUNYA students were fitted
arid the others are scheduled to ap-
pear itt police court today as a result
of various charges that steritttted
front a brawl betweert polic- and
students March 22 during a distur-
battee call.

.luhiot' Robert A. Clttrtc was illi~
ed $250 after pleadittg guilty to
disorderly coitdttet. ltritially. Cltirtc
was also given a IS—duy jail
sentence. but presiding .ltrdge
I'noutas W. ls'eegatr suspended the
sentence on the provision that
(.‘lrntc receive tto convictions with
iii the three years

Altltouglr cltarged with two
crnttrts ol' third-degree assault.
tesistittg arrest. arid disorderly cott-
dtrct. (‘Iuttc‘s guilty plea to
disorderly eottdtict sttlisl'icd all ol'
the charges.

IICXI

-nr|

 

 

‘outtttl Re )reseniatiw Mark l.. intelli-

l’ittcd Slut) was freshman John [1
Diliari. who pleaded guilty to the
charge of disorderly cotrduet. 'V'

Diliari was also originally giyeh ti
lS-drty jail sentence. but it was
dismissed by Keegutt on the proyl-
slttll Diliari stay out of trouble for
one year.

Returning to court today are
sophomores l’aul Oechcli. Joseph
.ledttak. Willintir Housei and

’llll‘lk’k liush and junior Kevin
largttll.

Albany Police responded to a
"wild party" cottiplaitrl around ll
p.ttt. on Matcrt 22 at tlte Elhet'on
Place residence of Chine and Jed-
ttak.

Police said they ttioved to arrest
sortie party-goers who refused tit
leuye w tiett ordered to do so. ACCUI"
ditrg to l)i\ision l police captain
Attgclo ltruni. a fight brok

    

"I out lit'lllt! lltll'tl‘t'w‘fl /tttt'vrttttt.’.{v uml po/t/tt'ttift'. "

(I'ltolrt: Holt Leo/turd)

when l ogatt resisted arrest.

More than six Division I units
were eventually at the scene. The
light resulted iii the seven arrests
and injuries to three police officers
and :t dctcctiye.

()t'i'icer Charles (VIL'XCI
treated arid released from Albany
Medical (‘cttter for a contusion to
the left eye. allegedly tceeiu‘d while
attesting .ledttak.

Chine. who ll\L‘i‘
per grtrnc this season as guard for
SUNYA's \arsity basketball team.
allegedly ttit Detectite .lotrrt Nielson
irt tttc rigttt eye.

()l'l'ieer Patrick Robittsott
l'cted a cotrtttsiott to tire I'orettcrtd
attrl a bloody nose. allegedly teeeir-
ed while arresting ()ccttsli

()l'l'ieet William Bowen was
treated and teleased by Albany
Medical ('etttet lot a contusion to

\\ HS

‘ed lli.-l poittls

  

sui-

Soplionion‘ Joseph Jednak

(Photo.- Ups;
the light cheek. No person was;
ttttrtted to time caused liowch‘s in-
jury.

Dilltii. \\lltt pleaded guilty to
disorderly conduct. said tie didn‘t
see much ol the l1lil\\l or notice its
irtsirtrurors.

 

. :‘l':‘:‘: .-.-.s.-t-.-t.-.-.~.‘.-.¢.-.-.-;-.-.<P§-éé.yrﬂtfééw.

 

.Ittnlor Robert A. Clune I
(l’ltolo: UPS)

“Sonic cops came. I think it
was becnttse ol‘ ttte loud stereo."
said Diliuti. “ [here was hardly
anyone on the street. I saw this cop
car whose engine was running and I
went up to u. A couple ttteti —— who
r'tIlI/ltltlt‘fl mt littecfottt'

New Petition Demands Resignation

 

La fayetft‘ 0 Charges Harassment

ll) Sylsia Sattttrlt-rs
('rtlrttttal ()trad lioatrl \ tie l'test
dcttt Pal l‘lllllerlhlttrt rtas stiltttttt

led a second pettttott r.t||irrr' lot
('enrtul (ttliltyll Rt'|tlr‘st‘ill.lll\.'
Mink I.tlayclte‘s it‘sit'tllllirtlt ltls'
week SA Sirprr-ntr- t'outt .ltt-ttrer

Iliad Rtttttbatrrtt placed an ||||li||\
llttll till the
because he "was ttot stiltslicd wittt
rite worrlittr'.”

"l lclt itirtotrtlortaltlc letttrtg a
tech“ petition r'rt by on tire ttltllllttll
oi lortt people.“ ls’orttltarro. said,
"l'tic SA (’rtnttntttee‘s report was
not lillltlllly'. It was |ll'-‘ .t rer'oto
rrterrdation I'ot Newttturk."

l"thttcrnttarto said the teytserl pelt
tiott still charges |.al’ayctte wtttt
"non t‘rttstrttee arid malfeasance" itr
connection wittt tttc SA presidential

otty'rttal petition

ballot -.ttri|ttti' scandal. He said oe
this r‘otterted any objections traced
and lr'r‘ls tire

by liruhbattttt new

petition is ‘ open and Ian." l‘llllt

r‘tllildllrt added that he 'titttk-.
:tttt-tttet injunction ||Ill\ be re
rptcstcrl in llllll\t'|lL'.

"I don't understand why this

tntttk keeps y't'tlllly' put oil \\ll|l lll'
tttttrttotts. I would ttttrtk he would
the trpptttltttttly It itL‘tti

welcome
lltttlr the students he represents. lie
says tte's \tilltttyr lttl a teen” elet'»
llrtll. so I rlrttt'l see why tic keeps li‘
|L'\'lllll‘ these injunctions."
Inlayette. ttoyyeyet. charges that
he is being harassed boirt
“politically uttd personally" by
ltattcouratto. Politically. he said.
“he‘s trying to interfere with thy
eutrtpaigtt for SA Vice President."

Votingr Machines to Be Used in SA Elections

by Janice Reinhart

Due to the recent “ballot stul'l'—
ing" incident. voting machines will
be ttscd iii the upcoming SA elec-
tions. according trt SA Presidettt
l.isa Ncwrttark.

SA lilcctiott Commissioner Ron
.loscptt said the voting machines

  

 
   

30 t Y

. a »r -
Internal I l'l‘ulrs (Yltulr .Iltn Mlteliell

will be used in sole for tire positions
oi~ SA i’r'csidcttt. Vice-President
attd SASU President.

SA Senate. (‘ctttrril Cottttcil and
Class (‘ouncil elections will still be
eondticted through paper ballots.
lie said.

“We wttat tttc

don‘t kttow

"There l.\' IIrI way (Int/lot .t'tttfji-I's) t'ttttltl Imp/it'll union. “

. (Phone/townie Kit/alto”;

t

ea .l‘ y ol trtc tttarntttes are.‘ he
. “We'll also time to see how
many candidates rttetc are,“

Newritark said tttc teccttr alleged
ballot stttl'l'trtg incident ptrrtttpted a
written proposal to Central (‘ourtcil
to try to bring lll llli outside Drillllllt
company. “l'ttis proposal was re»
jcctctl. lltt\\'L‘\cl. dttc to tire L'ttsl."
saitl Newtrtatk. ‘lt would time cost
SA $3.0M) for tire company's set
vice." Newitttttk added that ('crittrti
(‘ottttcil “didn't see ttow we eottld
spend all that money lot that."

lttslcttd. Newttttttk said that they
have decided to pttr the \ttllltjt
trttrehitres back ittio
l‘hetet 'c ttirte rttaettttrcs which time
not been rtscd lot several years.
Newtttatk said. lrttetttal Allaits
('ttait .littt Mitchell added that with
the rise ol the young rrtacttutes.
"there is no way anything like that
(ballot stalling) cottld happen
again." He tepttilcd that three licrr»
ple rtecd the keys to the machines itt
order to get irt.

When asked itow cl'l'ective site
ltclieved this rtew policy would he itt
preventing I'ttture incidents.
Newtttttt'k said,“l.€veri with the
Voting tttachittes. it's still students
at the polls and things could screw
up."

ltr addition to

 

 

:’
:

operation.

 

repairing

the

\rtlttty.‘ rttnettiucs. Mitchell also said
that SA is, raising ttrc salaries lot
poll watcttet's l'totrt SI .00 air hour to
$2.70. l'hat way. they can get

t‘tlllllllllr’l/ mt [IflL‘t‘jtllll

by Andrew Carroll

University Police
vcstigatittg the break-iris of at least
three rooms at SLINYA's Altrtrttti
Quad which occurred during the
sprittg break.

SlJNY Police Officer John
llehighatt reports that at least two
l'ir‘st-l'loot rooms iii Stryles llall arid
one secottd-l‘loot roorn itt \Vatet'~
bury llall were ctttercd ittto artrl
roltbed wltile students were on vaca-
tiott.

According to llcttigltatt. the
itettts stoletr included stereo equip-
ment, it tettttis rncqrtet. clothing and
$34. y

The Sttylcs robberies. which are
believed to have oecttrred on or
about April 5. may or ritay not be
related ltt the Waterbury incidents

are iti—

 
  
 

 

Vacation Break-Ins
Occur at Alumni Ouad

l’etsottally. tic .tddcd. “\\’c'\e
tte\et seen eye-to eye on an issue.
lle‘s vortsertattyv; l'ttt liberal. lots
1‘» his rtlilirtlltlllll) to get tttc. It's
beer-ore .r ||\‘t'sttll.ll retitlettu."
ltritteooratto rlcrrted Ittc personal
yerttlctttt enatg-e saying. 'I don‘t
know where or net got that idea.
He tirade rt rtttstakc and must in.
held accountable. We tttrrst snow
tttut tttcre ts recourse lrt'tilkL‘ rt
sotrtettttrh- like this happens again."
lite tel-all procedure requires that
rtiit‘r'tl\|tt «vi rprurl residents su-ti .t
petition t.llllltj lot tttc testy'ttattotr
rtl a quad representatbe. lire pctr
llrrtl thtttsitrty' .t \ote must be cour-
pleted rtttoirt 1|) days. Appirt\-
illllllc‘l‘. lit) sittdcrtt signatures rite
ttecr"~sttty lot toe petition to call lot
an ttltslitty' yore,
l-‘taneontano added that he
belie\ed lul‘tryette was trying to
ttold oil and delay trte proceedings.
"llis attitude is to the tire out." he
said. “lie tttittks l'ttt jttsr going to
get disgusted and give tip."
However. Ir‘tattcontatto said tte
"will continue with it through the
end. ll‘ worse comes rrt worse. I'll
do this evctt ttl'tcr SA elections."
continued on litter font

Ilettigltatr esplaihed. l‘ltc means of
entry ittto rooms dil't'eted.

'l‘hc doorkttobs on the Sayles
rooms seetttcd to have been pried
opctt with a “\ise tool". said
llctrighan. l‘hc burglars also broke
their way throtrglt art existing crack
itt one ol' the doors. he said.

Robert llotrr. one of the victims
of the break-iris. reported stolcit his
Biotin-7‘00 stereo system. a dowrt ski
jacket and a tetttiis raeqtret. "They
did leave my ski though." s'rtid
llottt. “llttt they't‘c brokett
anyway.“

llcttigltatt said that since nothing
s‘toleti contained positive idctrtifi 'a-
tiott marks. there would he ttrt way
of returning arty ot' the merchandise
il‘ recovered.

The Waterburv llail break-in.

t‘nlllillilt'l/ on page four

 

 

 

 

 

 

