.; ._ .a w‘q’i‘fﬂﬂms '

 

'Page 80

  

Aspects

 

sexuality?

Sex Week.

Gloria Jean at 457-8015.

 

 

lid-00.11.00.001...

BACK AGAIN

Law School
discussed

Tuesday, April 15
LC 20 at 8:30 PM

cits“
weekentt

at it):

belle
19$ A r???

 

 

 

ﬂampus
O“ 00‘

 

 

 

 

A .51 il('1|()N ()1 “Ni WlNlh
lllbl’l N51 1) l lith (iiilt
Di ( (tit/\IIVI WINI l|r\itlii1.‘r

All "Milt l'Ul'l 1| All liitANliN (it ill I It AM! All
UN 1 ' ‘ l‘iAlIJl
t)! lMi'tililI 1) iii)! 111 it Ill 1 It‘s

NI W V’()lil\' .‘ilYil

_ iitll illllllllliAVlNilU
Sill l l'lil' ill l 5 I'(tl'( ()IiN
20¢

2!" IN 10‘

fill 11th Wrrkrnb tilt at): Quit

mburstiay mini 10.
6 part. -—- 12:30 rum.

Activities and Events will include Films.
seminars as well as a table in the Campus Center.
All will be free and open to the University Community.
For more information, call Angela Loinanto at 7—5181 or

7 Thinkyoh’re a sex expert?
Wish you knew more about‘your

There’s Something for everyone ‘during

April 2.1-25th has been designated:
Sexuality Extravaganza Week

Speakers, and

BY

POPULAR DEMAND
Pre-Law Association
Peer Advisement

LSAT, Curriculum, Recommenda-
tions and all other aspects of the
Game will

be

wi‘“

Jack “The Riffer"

li‘ilif guitar 8: vocals
Mo Flanrbeau

rhythm 'illllili Kt irraofs
Doctor Love

boss guilirr 8: |‘tll iifs
Johnny Silver

ifllitlh & i-oi oi».

r\ l‘tmil‘ll Ii 1 IN!
()1 “Hill lAV()liIl1
itile i) itlthKh

Iii/\NKI [Hill It
511 AMI 1) IN ill i It 401
Willi \AlllliKllAUl 50¢

thtiap 8c ﬁaturtiay Qprti 11 8e 12

6 part. —- 1:30 tun.

HA9
Mummrum

ﬁniumltu Auxiliary Btruiru Savannah

. . . . ' 7....év-uus-npr-asr .. vn—svn-a'r-H" -~

 

pIto-loaorpwaaoaa-o'a'aralipaa'aaoatpo

 

Q ﬂgrent Drum ‘

dmlttedly i fell madly In love with Linda
Ronstadt the first time 1 heard “Blue
ayou." Before that 1 had only been dinrly

aware of-her as one of those female

l-needfwant. hate. lovel-my-man rock stars a
Simon. and

cut below Joni Mitchell.
Carole King '
chiefly because
she did not write
her own songs.
She distinguish-
ed herself only by
her voice. a
tender instru-
ment yet power-
ful enough to blast static frizz on my AM car
radio when she belted “Someone To Lay
Down Beside Me." or "Desperado." Hearing
“Blue Bayou" one wintry night in 1976 i
realized tirat Ms. Ronstadt shaped her voice:
she guivered it for a sorrowftrl vibran tone:
she poured it out as cool arid as clear as water

Stuart Mairanga

spouting lronr a fountain; or she could bop it
along for the beat. ifitlrilr she had learned or I
had just tliscovurt'tl an artistic intelligence
behind those Vtitul cords which sculpted her
natural voice with an elegance and dexterity as
subtle and as potentially magnificent as Billlt'
Holiday's oi Barbra Stit'isriirtl's or at least very
(iiil‘ai'

Tight Squeeze

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

[LOVE

Simple Dreams was an exercise in vocal
manipulation. it had the rip-rocking Stones'
classic “Tumbling Dice." as w'ell as a Buddy
Holly throwaway “it‘s 50 Easy." three Warren
Zevon oddities. and. obviously. my favorite.
“Blue Bayou." Llutn' In Tire USA was
Ronstadt‘s valedlctory In voice control. Every
song was crafted until it was perfect. Her Voice
sounded crisp. raunchy. sweet. sharp. sluicy:
it was the aural equivalent to the perfect Chef's
Salad. Unfortunately it got blitzkrieged in the
press precisely because it was so perfect. The
critical consensus decided that Linda should
rock up her act. and leave sound perfec-
tionisin to the reigning rock tehnocrais Pink
Floyd. Brian Eno. et al. Even more unfor-
tunately. Linda listened. She and her chief ac-
complice. producer Peter Asher. conspired to
create Marl Loue. an album ftill of energy and
vitality but lacking the one element Linda
possessed which. at least for me. captured my
affection -- grace.

To classify art artist is to destroy them. To
expect the same thing every time out from
anyone. be it Billy Joel or David Bowie. is to
foster commercialism at tire expense of artistic
freedom. To say that Linda Ronstadt has gone
ptiiik is to dangerously overslniplify Linda
Ronstadt and punk. II was a simplification to
ptrt Roiisladt iii a heap of female rock stars
and. being 1080. ii is an even worse
simplification to call her punk because Mod
LOW: has a distinctively cheap lookliig cover

raving

.
I consider myself a sort of Typhoid Mary

anxious In iiiir't‘t as many people as possi-
lilt' with the Silill‘t'lt.‘ btig that I carry. One
bucoint's irigirly susceptible after listening to
any of the band's Ihiet' contagious albums. or
seeing them live,

Ronna Mandel

How unfortunate for the band that more
people did not attend the show on Thursday.
March 27, 1 can only attribute that to three
possible reasons: lack of publicity. vacation. or
the cancellation of the supporting band,
Whazmo Nate: (the group may not sound
familiar. btit the single "Checking Out The
Checkout Girl" may register). Usually when
an audience at J.B. Scott's crowds onto the
dance floor shoulder to shoulder to bear a
band. it is quite natural to remark irow amaz-
iirg the show was because the group brought
lili' house down But what does one say when
a club is three quarters ittll and, despite tables
blocking the usually overflowrng dance floor.
an eager bunch of fans push their way to the
stage anti shaki- like jello? Nothing less cotild

 

This could have been due to .lools' quick
slides dowir the keyboards, for in every soirg.
the catchy rhythm secured to summon otii
feet to move to the Farfisa beat. The tightness
of the sets added to the quality oi the music
played. Squeeze is one of those democratic
bairds that gives each member an opportunity
to display his Instrumental talents. And.
although Glenn was the lead singer.
spotlighted upfront. his harmonies with Chris
in “Pulling Mussels." “1 Think l'nr Go Go."
and "it's So Dirty" were the best We heard
since Todd Rundgren last semester. The in»
tense backbeai of Gilson Lavis on drums and
John Bentley's skillfully clean bass highlighted
such strongly constructed songs as “if 1 Didn't
Love You." and .iools' floating lingers
accentuated the others in "it's So Dirty" and
“Slightly Drunk." Playing sixteen songs. then
coming out for two more encores exemplified
the atypical pctscuraliiy of Squeeze. Some
other memorable numbers were: “Cool for
Cats" sung by Chris wltlr his low voice. an
almost Cockney sounding accent that definite-
ly added to that million seller's appeal:
“Touching Me. Touching You" which could

 

"She lookedjust like her mother ifthere could be another"

 

 

he expected from illi‘ power pop rock of
Squch

"We're not New Wave or Punk." Glenn
'l'illriook. the lead guitarist and vocalist. told
me. “Wu like to be called a pop band." Yet it's
it sad state in the music scene when a vibranlly
different sotriidiirg group comes along and
gets mixed tip. and associated with such corn
inerciai iroriciititit's as the Knack. "The songs
they write art' insulting." (ilt'itli remarked.
"'l'heir lyrics are sexist and degrading for
Women. 1 don't think our songs treat women
in that satire manner  This was evidenced by
the witty lyricism of “There at the 'l'op'b—r
“she's independent. she's a modern woman.
she needs no proriiptlng. on her should it
shouldn't."

This liva man British band consists of Glenn
Tilbrook; Chris Diiford. rhythm guitar. vocals;
Gllson Lavis. drums; Joois Holland.
keyboards; and John Bentley on bass. My at-
tention was held throughout the performance
by the line musicianship of each Squeeze
member. They opened with "Slap and Tickle"

 

 

a tune that. when heard live, picks up a faster

pace thgg it has on the album Cool for Cats.

Hen-Qumran"! -. t was .v

easily have been at Dave lidrntirids'rockt'r. and
“Goodbye Girl" with an electrifying join by

' .lools ()li‘illt.’ ltr'ys liy the lime Squcwt' per

formed this encore. .113, Scott's resembled a
set on Shintiig with everyone iii steady motion
from the bartenders to tlrtl crcw backstage. if
“Another Nail iir lllt' l leart" does not climb the
charts in Ann'tica as it has in the UK. llil'tl
the next likely candidate for release should be
“There til the Top" or “Pulling Mlltist'lhii'i'tttll
the Slit-11).”

Perhaps the most exciting element in the
Stillut’tu show was the originality of the lyrics.
My favorite litres in “ill Didn't Love You" are:
“your skin gets softer and warmer. [put you
down with a towel, tonight It's [one by the fire.
my mind goes out on the prowl.".Thc
thoughtfully written lyrics are amazingly
powerful and reminiscent of the Beatles who.
Glenn mentioned, played an influential role in
inspiring the obviously'unconvenlional words
co-written by Tilbrook and Dillord.

The tunes of Tilbrook and Dillord. including
last summer's popular hits “Cool for Cats" and
"Up the Junction" are not typical three~chord
Ramones style rock'n'roli. Rather. they recall

IlI-ivlIIIevIOQOIh‘aaaooorAaaaAa-nansn..r

songs

      
   

; songs and lmpo« i e

 
    
 
   
   
    
   

 

 

Aspects

 

 

 

shot. three songs by Elvis Costello. and three
by Cretone Mark Goldenberg.
However. it seems evident that Ms. Ronstadt

‘ ls courtan a new image for herself.

There's more to the New Wave than the ill-
ed bathroom acoustics and the harsh sound

' on Mad Laue. Basically the difference bet-
' ween the new (wave) school of rock aird the

old California school is that one appeals to the
head through the heart and the other appeals
to the heart through the head. Anguish.

despair. frustration. paranoia. angst. fear.

. boredom are immediate on new wave albums.
' The music. the lyrics match the emotion being
expressed. it becomes intellectual only when
we realize how cleverly the music matches the

- intent. When Costello sings "l'nr Not Angry"
r we know he's angry. When lggy Pop sings

“l'rn Bored" we know he's bored. When the
Talking Heads perform "Don't Worry About

‘ The Government" we know they're worried

  
 

and baffled by the insanity of society. Califor~
l mu rock relies on clever lyrics or music to cap-
'ture the attention of the intellect and their to
perpetrate the heart. At first we smile at witty
Eagles‘ lyrics lli(t' "She's got the Mercedes
Bends" from "Life in The Fast Lane." but
eventually we realize the pathos of that
remark. Jackson Browne or Neil Young can
write beautiful songs that are depressing as
hell. songs to cry by because of their beauty
and grace and because after admiring those
things we feel them touch a familiar chord In

Elvis Costello. Nick Lowe and Dave Ed-

‘ mtinds. as well as the Beatles.

Squeeze is not just another British band (the
one hit single. sudden death type). With to-
day's current trend toward British music. any
band froin the United Kingdom immediately
gets labeled New Wave or Punk. whether or
not these tags are accurate. Squeeze is no
more Punk than Linda Ronstadt. and they
warrant the satire attention being given such
notables as the Police or Pretenders. This irr-
fections group is one of the few high-energy.
successful bands to have emerged from
England before the tidal wave of British music
began to flood our country. As loirg as
Squeeze continues to exert the force their

name implies. it is doubtful they will drower
- .

like the Knack" argues San Francisco
artist Hugh Brown. This drastic

 measure need not be carried out. since a
' refresher course atJuilliard's would suffice. But

the Little Girls Understand. the latest release
by the farcical Fab Four. is a castrated version
of Get the
Knack. The
sterile

 

tent lyrics leave
the listener limp
and musically
unsatisfied.

When “My  .‘
Sharona ."asal- -
ty number based on the sexual prowess of

 

 

 

elghteen~year~old Sharona Alpertn. rocketed
.

to the number one position on Billboard
charts. the Knack exploded into the public
eye. Only the Beatles debut single. "1 Wanna
Hold Your Hand." released itr February 1964.
could compete with “Slrurona's” astounding
rise to the top of the charts. Get the Knack
(complete with Beanie-like album Jacket). went
gold In thirteen days, a phenomenal achieve-

Andrea DiGregorio

merit previously accomplished on the Capitol

 

‘ label only by John, Paul, George and Ringo's
' Meet the Beatles.

The Knack album, which was to rake in
mlillorrs of dollars for drummer Bruce Gary.
bassist Prescott Miles. and guitarists Doug
Flegermnd Berton Avrirre. was produced by
Mike Chapnieivlofr-Blondiels "Parallel 1:1nes“~‘ "

our hearts. Linda Ronstadt functioned
beautifully in this school because a singer who
doesn't write her own songs can't have much
to say though she nrlght have a lot to express,
Therefore. we heard Linda's versions. com-
parcd them. listened again. and fell the pas-
siotr. sorrow. or pity she had added through
the instrument of her expression. irer voice,
.The worth of her songs rested iir how well they
appealed to otrr hearts. Now that she has
adopted the "new wave" she makes us expect
a head irressagc. a bit of sarcasm or a sneer of
anger. but if we get that at all we get it second
hand. When Elvis Costello wrote "Party Girl"
there was a sadness cloaking a bittt-i'irt'ss. Lili'
da does a tremendous Version of the song. but
because she is not Elvis Costello. arid even
more importantly because she can‘t briirg to
the song the malt-valence it needs. "Party
Girl" becomes a littltI shallow.

The other lilvis songs. “Girl's Talk" and
"Talking in The Dark" are rarities iir their
original state. so Linda‘s versions have a
primacy to them. But they are not as
devastatingly serious as "Party Girl" and
therefore are "formed up." becoming qutck.
boppity rock it rollers. good for parties and
noii~cirenrical pork tips

Tlie sitiglt'. "How [in 1 Make You" by Billy
Sleinberg has enough energy and thrust to it
to make it another hit in the “It‘s So Easy."
“Back in The USA." arid “Heat Wave" vein.
“ll Can't Lt'l Go" and “lltirt So Bad." two
relics from 190.“). are great covers and are
perhaps the most enjoyable songs on the
album. Another good rendition by Linda and
Company is the Neil Young classic lroirr
Comes A Tittlt’. "Look Out For My Love."
Neil's haunting vocals made the song especial-
ly desperate. but Linda is more careful with
her voice and does well witlr it.

Mark Goldcnberg of the Cretoiies. for some
strange reason the highly touted find by Linda.
contributed tinet' forgettable tunes. "Justine"
strikes a iit'rll balance between the banal and
the noxious, "Marl Love" is a popular tryst
that shows promise but fails to live up to Its
potential But it is catchy. Arid “Cost Of Love"
seems like a llClil'ilt'illlL‘li attempt by the writer

Wower Po

fame) in eleven days at the skanty cost of
5518.000. Tunes from Get were comprised of
basic guitar and drum rhythms, brii came off
with upbeat. saucy tunes. Songs such as “Let
Mi: Out." “Frtistraind,” and “That's Wlial Lit-
tle Girls Do" displayed the Knack‘s talents as a
band who could play catchy, if on»
sophisticated. music.

However. their latest release degeireraies
tirc Knack's music from power pop to sirlock
rock. What on Get was a fresh. snappy style
has been reduced iii Little Girls to a commer-
cially imitative sound. The (track has sadly
stagnated. reproducing a tried-arrd~true for-
inula instead of creating irew. innovative
musical mixtures.

"Baby Talks Dirty." the current single and
Intro song to But The Little Girls Understand
(which is. incidentally, a line from Willie
Dixon-l’lowlirtWolf‘s song “Back Door Man")
is a blatant "My Slrarona" clone, Tire second
track. "1 Want Ya." is a Bay City Roller-iin
number, "Love does not fade away"
(something Jerry Garcia might keep in mind)
proclaims the drab lyrics which churn otit stair»
ms of teenage bellyaclring about love pro-
blems. The pubescent pop continues with
“Tell Me Your Mind," essentially a re-mixed
version of “1 Want Ya." Side one plods along
with a Nell Sedaka-ilke "Mr. Haiidlenran."
Unlrrspired lyrics monotonously continue.
"Mr. Handleman. take my wife home" is
typical of tire Neandrotholic level of verses.
These lyrics are coupled with Cro-Magnon
talents on the guitar which became extinct with
the bubble-gum rock of the Raspberriesland
other"sisrttemttvéh‘ries popmgr‘oups.’ “You

 
     

1.:«r

The L0 elyL

 

  

 

     
    

inda stripe away the perfection and the grace
USA for the wild and the cratineae of Mad Love.

 

 

  
 

.1»:

of Lluln’lu The

 

 

and by the singer to get one more song on.

Linda Ronstadt is still terrific. Her voice.
though strained out of proportion. carries an
unqueiichablc fervor. it's exctling to listen to.
but without some substantial craftsmanship. it
loses ils impact after a while. Merciltilly. the
album is short. tinder forty minutes.

Despite its problems. Mod 1.0th might be a
good thing for Linda. First. 1| breaks what was
becoriiing an all~too~easy predictable trend. it
is the first really new sound she‘d had since
she started driftiirg away from country and
blues iii the early 705. Change is the absolute

Can't Put I Price On Love" (which bears

more than a passing resemblance to the Roll-
ing Stones' "Beast of Burden") and “Hold On
Tight" uneventfully complete side one.

Side two contains evidence that the Knack.
when irot enveloped in a quagmire of com-
mercialism. do possess talent which can be
refined with noteworthy material. A Kinks
song. “Hard Way." stands out among the
other tracks. Ray Davies' intelligent lyrics bring
light to the gloom. Although the choice of
songs is laudlble. the Knack manages to
dredge a high quality song into the mud with
forced guitar works.

“Mr. Handleman,
take my wife home. "

 

 

 

The record suffers a relapse with “it's You,"
a song containing inane. juvenile lyrics. “find
Of The Game" injects life into a dernising LP
with a spunky intro. Although the song is
relatively short. the fast, accurate guitar play
ing adds spice and is one of the highlights of
the LP.

Criticism of utrortginality have beset the
Knack from the onset wiren Get the Knack-'5
back cover contained pictures of the band
resembling Tire Boatlcs' first appearance on
the Ed Sullivan Show. The Specter-esque
"Feeling 1 get" that is similar to the Crystais’
1963 tune “Then He Kissed Me.” only
enhances this image. “(Havin‘ A) Rave Up" (a
title,llfted from an old Yardblrds LP) Is perhaps
the best cut on Little Girls. The song is enter-
taini‘irgly fun. Averre and Fieger incorporate
fluent guitar riffs with good time R & R lyrics.

- although the second LP does not carry explicit

rule in art. Though Linda was perfecting her
sound up through Ltuin' in The USA she was
also becoming stifled by her style. When that
happens it's wisest to gei radical. Mod Loire is
radical Linda She's no longer the queen of
slick. She's become untamed. wild. much
more aggressive in botii her voice and in the
choice of songs. Hopefully she'll keep me
periiiienting with new sounds iiirtil she finds a
way to express herself with less awkwardness
rand pretension than on Mad Love. And if she
does find it. hopefully she'll drop it before she
gets too entrenched in it..

 

Tire song displays the Knack's capacity to
create fine tunes as does the closing number.
"How Can Love Hurt So Much." The slow.
orchestrated number asks the eternal gues-
tioii. “Please tell me. how can love hurt so
much?" Although the lyrics leave much to be
desired. the music is fairly convincing. The
band's manipulation of a string section is a
noteworthy attempt at striking out In a new
direction. While the song ls flawed. It 1. ms
show the band budding Into a prospectively
imaginative force.

in addition to their weakness in song
writing. the Knack have other faults woriht of
conrmeni. One of the band's deficiencri is
their inability to decide on the style of un. :c
they wish to project. Granted. a new bi: is
often caught between changing styles and hie
confusing propositions of which form of liti‘dti
suits them both artistically and COt‘lllliL'I'Cltilty.
But the Knack's constant vaclllitation betwuen
New Wave. pop. and hard rock is annoy. . .
Playing a tight number such as “Rave Up" ..
their retreating to a flaccid rendition of “l \k‘ art
You" does not demonstrate the band's (l1\‘« 
ty. To be a Knack of all trades is not ilnplL'b‘rl‘s e
if a band cannot artfully master any form of
composition.

Sexism runs rampant in iinttc‘kvsongs. True.

 

 

references to overt carnal feats
Little G/rls is crammed with tnsinuations that
women are to be treated as play objects. Aver-
res machlsmo is degrading not only in his at-
tempt to protect males as superior. but at his
effort to package this mind rot for good. clean
entertainment;

 

 

 

   

     

