“was- Mull-51W

 

._ 

an»  1m. ..

\u H r 'r ' . “ﬁrm,” hf.“ knuj'ﬁ Aspects '
Pass 8°  . ..9o-.--r4.e—4yI-Ion~

t r“. {Rt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Whigs.“ World

The Christmas season traditionally bring and Nancy Allen as a standard 1941 model
about a flood of major relerlses from the top blond lust ob)ecf who is only erotically aroused
film studios, all out to capture what's left in the In airplanes: _ -
moviegoer's wallet after Christmas shopping. In addition. there are cameo performances

from Christopher Lee. as a Nazi officer on
'Jim Dixon

board the submarine. Toshiro Mifune as the
sub's commander. and Slim Pickens. wh

 

      
    

   

plays Hollis (Holly)
Japanese. The movie alternates the situations
which. in disaster movie form. come together
by the film's climax. The result is a fast-moving
but sometimes dlsiointed movie.

Spielberg's usual forte of putting some per-
sonal detail into a "big" movie is less evident
ly 1941). 1941 is a comedy of epic propor- here that in his earlier nrovies. yet he does
tions. A lost Japanese submarine vainly hunts manage to infuse the film with some personali-
for Hollywood. an only semi-military target. as ty. The first sequence. in which'he recreates
the citizens of California muddle about in the opening of Jaws. replete with the same
preparation for the dreaded attack. There are background music. until the curvaceous skin-
a good number of intertwining plots. which nydipper. rather than being eaten by a shark.
would be literary suicide to untangle. They In- is stranded atop the periscope of the surfacing
clude. however. John Belushi as a semi- submarine
psychotic pilot who thinks he's been trailing a At least the movie manages to be bizarre.
Jap squadron for days. Dan Aykroyd as an lf disjointed and sprawling. the script I5 fun-
Army motorpool sergeant who somehow ends ny. existing almost solely to provrde as much
up with a tank crew. Time Matheson as an ad- spectacular slapstick In two hours as possible.
)utant to General Stillwell ithe only sane per- it's a little like Mad magazine on screen. The

son In the movie). played by Robert Stack. special effects by AD. Flowers and LB. Ab—

This season has seen some of the most expen»
sive films ever. though expensive need not
necessarily mean good.

1941 is director Steven Spielberg's latest.
and most expensive film. Based loosely on the
California air-raid paranoia of the early part of
World War ll (which actually took place in ear-

 

 

Wood, captured by the'

bait are very good. and William Fraker's
photography is perfect for the fantasy-slapstick
mood of the film.

Though 1941 Is certainly not a great film. It
is a fun movie for the Saturday night crowd.
Unfortunately. It cost In excess of twenty-five
million dollars. and unless It makes back fifty.
it won't see a profit. This is something of a
comment on the inflationary budgets which
are becoming all-too frequent in Hollywood.
Sooner or later some of these celluloid giants
are going to take a bath.

One that deserves to Is The Black Hole. lm-
aglnation is supposed to be the watchword at
Walt Disney Studios, though you'd never

.know it after seeing The Black Hole. This.

Walt Disney's entry Into the big money science
fiction arena. and Its first PG-rated film ever. is
frankly. one of the most banal and insipid
pieces of garbage I've seen all year. The con-
cept. that of a cat and mouse game between a
space exploration crew and a madman aboard
a huge spaceship about to travel through a

      
    

black hole. should have had some promise.
Disney Studios and director. Gary Nelson.
have settled, however. for a third-rate

 

cliche-ridden script ruthless in Its mediocrity.
The robots get the best lines. and they look
like something Mattel was too embarrassed to
release as toys for five year olds.

The Black Hole steals broadly from‘James
Bond movies. Star Wars. and 20,000
Leagues Under The Sea. reaching the quality
of none of these. There is no imagination. no
originality. no creativity evident on the screen
at all. Even the highly-touted special effects
are only adequate at best.

The Black Hole has received a number of
condescendingly favorable reviews. largely
from critics who seem to feel that science fic-
tion is well-represented by this foolishness.
The genre Is Ill-served by this sort of tripe.
which encourages more of the same. causing
more people to think that all science fiction is
outer space cowboys shooting electronic pop-
guns and saving damsels in distress.-

lf 194] is shallow. The Black Hole exists in
negative space. That a script this bad could ac-
tually get in front of the cameras with a big

  

budget should be a source of utter embarrass-
ment to the creative hacks at Disney. whose
lack of Imagination and cynicism about the in-

melodrama.

respected actors as Anthony Perkins and Max—
imillian Schell are thrown dOWn the toilet In a

 

 

 

 

 

T Class of ’80 l

presents

   
   

 

100 mucrr .
i  [rim we uwuwl

 

Thursday, Friday, Saturday
' January 24, 25 & 26
7:30 & 10:00 pm LC 23
Class of ’80 $1.25 Others $1.50

telligence of their audiences has become more
evident in the past decade. We need black
holes like this on the screen like we need them
In the head. 0

A talented cast. including Such highly

YouQL’rLLive

 

 

The CI

a like quality. The listener has the impression of
bathroom—wall prophet in bright red spray participating in a musical fantasy. After
paint. The apocalyptic graffiti artist conveys a humorously remarking. “When i get paid. I in
message which evokes nods of approval from going to get an electric guitar. Young breaks
millions of Youn followers. Info “Out of the Blue." one of his current

. , songs from Live Rust's sister LP. Rust Never
Andrea DrGregorro

Sleeps. “Out of the Blue" is a fine tune. it
Throughout the thirteen-odd years Neil propigates a message about rock an' roll. lt

After

“Neil Young is God." proclaims

 

 

 

displays Mr. Young's acoustic talent and it
Young has professionally been involved in whispers unsurely. "Rock and roll ls here to
music. during which time he has played with stay." as compared to the aggressive tone of
The Buffalo Springfield. Crazy Horse and "into the Black" (a similar song on side four)

 

CSN. he has managed to survive all musical which screams belligerently. “Rock and roll
trends while successfully imprinting his diverse will never die." Both the songs are sagas about
SWIG Ol C01"th rOCl“lV"d- hard mu“ l" "‘9 the music industry with references to Elvis

 

annals of history. With lyrical qualities that Presley (“the king is gone. but he's not forgot-
proiect special. sincere emotions in the . . .V
listener. a raw powerful guitar style. and an

 

 

empassloned touching voice. Neil Young has
managed to create his own special style which
is comparable to none of his contemporaries.

 

Neil's unique musical talents are persuasive—
ly displayed in his latest release, Live Rust.
which was recorded during the Rust Never
Sleeps tour. Side one of the LP is an
acoustical tour-deforce. “Sugar Mountain."
the opening number. evokes feelings of a
childhood that has faded away. Masterfully
playing the guitar in the upper range. Neil
creates chime—like chords which paint images
of a child's music box. The melody flows
along, guided by the artist's sensitive vocals

 

 

 

 

and a wistfully played harmonica that recalls
the days of “barkers and colored balloons." in
"I Am A Child" and “Comes A Time." Neil
displays a voice which is a wonderful culmina-
tion of years of singing. The highlight of side
one Is an extraordinary version of "After the
Gold Rush." originally released in 1970, from
the album of the same name. The keyboardist
plays with the damper pedal down. creating
an ethereal quality. Listening to the surrealistic
lyrics. the audience is caught In a heady
“'floatth on the breeze" sensation. A har-
' montca accompaniment walls out the melody
. with a prominent piano part adding a dream-

  
  
 
 
   

Thlo Ia Nell Young before he noted.

r

gr
[I

War'l'oo 

1;

 

 

 



_ .Wrmmtspnmmr—u

port democracy In music.

are Uto o i :.

There's a vast world of difference between a
Utopia recording and a Todd Rundgren
album. While Rundgren alone produces
several romantic piano ballads such as “Can
We Still Be Friends" from his 1978 Hermit a)

'. Mink Hollow release. Utopia bassist Kasim

Sulton is the only other member of the band
capable of providing a similar sound. As of

Cliff Sloan

ate. however. Utopla's direction has been that
of a purely democratic band. Credits for the

 

music and lyrics no longer specify an author,

but simply acknowledge "Utopia." Nor are the
musicians restrained to their respective

' II S
ten"). and Johnny Rotten of the defunct Sex
Pistols.

The second side of the album is comprised
of electric and acoustic numbers. “When You
Dance l Can Really Love." and "The Loner"
start off the side with fine. driving guitar Work
in the heavy metal vein.

“The Needle and the Damage Done." an
acoustic number written for Danny Whitten.
former lead guitarist of Crazy Horse. who died
of a heroin overdose. is a mournful anti-drug

' ' song. Young warns the audience. “A iunkie‘s

like a setting sun." and "there's a little bit in
everyone." The song does not come off top«

, heavy. but it leaves the audience thinking.

which is evidence of Young's capacity as a
meaningful songwriter. 'Lotta Love." an easy-
listening middle—of-the-road song about

4 building a relationship. and “Sedan Delivery."

an interesting electric number which begins
with a Ramonish oneAtwo-three assault-on»
the-eardrums opening. completes the second
side.

Neil Young has often cited Bob Dylan as his
mentor. He displays this influence in
"Powderfinger." a well constructed saga of a
boy defending a small settlement in the Old
West. The song exhibits Young's aptitude for

“951an a light. musical story as well as a

knack for vividly artistic writing. One criticism
of Mr. Young Is that he is not an instrumental
virtuoso. Well critics. eat your words! in

"Cortez the Killer." Neil plays a masterful lead

guitar. His notes seem to glide effortlessly in

' ne of the finest guitar riffs the musician has

‘18! performed. Bill Talbot' on the bass also
dds musical excellence to the song with a
ham. steady rhythmic beat. A quiet and
I elodlous “Cinnamon Girl'I ends the set.
Leading Into the most musically powerful
lde. the audience listens to a confusing gum"

 “’m'UP. The audience waits with feverish
"llClpatlon for strains of a recognizable tune.

hen the listeners are at a climax of expecta-
loﬂ. Mr. Young breaks Into the openan bars

"I " " "Like a Hurricane." This claSSIC song. from

here I. Roger Powell? The answer Ilco In Utopll. Todd and III- delegates sup-

specialities Sulton. who has a crisper. more
diverse voice range than Rundgren. shares
almost equally in the vocals. Drummer John
Willie Wilcox also tries his hand at rhythm
guitar. This movement towards Utopian
democracy is not intended to be noticed only
by those who read the fine print on the Utopia
album sleeves. On the contrary. for the past
four years the Utopia road show has invariably
included a rotation of roles. with Rundgren on
drums. Wilcox on bass. and Sulton on lead
(l.l' . Palace Theater. '78).

As a foursome. Utopia's strongest quality is
precision. a quality that Rundgren commands
on almost all his work. Todd is one of. if not
the most respected names in rock engineering.
Artists like Patti Smith. Rick Derringer. Hall
and Oates. and Meatloaf have turned to Run-
dgren for production and guitar playing aid.
Todd also tackles all the Instrumentals on
many of his solo albums like Faith/u! and Her-
mit of Mink Hollow. 50 it's no wonder that a'
guitar master and production whiz]. like Todd
Rundgren surrounds himself with a hand of
multifaceted musicians. On paper. there are
few bands that can match the diversity and
person-for-person talents of Utopia. Brit
what's on paper isn't necessarily an indicator
of success in a rock band. The Rolling Stones
and Bruce Springsteen are living. rocking pro»
of of that.

Utopiu's music is complex. complementing
the individual talents of the band. They'll
never meet with long-lived commercial accep-
tance because their music won't sell you on
the first listen. It has a lust for weirdness.
perhaps I should call it mystique. that seems
specifically aimed at preventing a Top 40
smash. Rundgren's capable of it, as he's pro—

 

      
  

   
  

 

Sound and Vision

 

_To listen to The Manhattan Transfer ls tax-
ing. Sure it's light stuff and you can let the
lyrics breeze right by. but the production Is so
utterly full. so taken to the hilt. that it Insists on
occupying you every moment it's on. with in-
finitely tracked vocals of the four skilled
members. and a complete combination of str-
ing. horn and synthesizer instrumentation.
plus the normal percussive backup on drums
and bass.

Quincy NeSsig

lheir new album ls‘ called Extensions. and
the man behind the production room wall Is
Jay Graydon. a tried and true L.A. studio

 

 A n Elpee’s Worth Of 'I'oons

ven several times during his career of a little
less than a decade with songs like. “l'lello It's
Me." “Couldn't l Just Tell You?" and "Can
We Still Be Friends?" Yet Utopia is content to
treat the minds and ears of their loyal cult
following to a continual display of talented.
solid rock with a touch of the avant-garde.

Adventures In Utopia is an atypical Utopia
album. in the tradition of Oops Wrong Planet!
and RA. it is sharp. streamlined. diverse. and
of course. precise. There are songs like "Shot
in the Dark." and "Rock Love" that'll make
you get out of your chair and move. There are
songs like “Love Along" and “You Make Me
Crazy" that could serenade you into
dreamland. And there are still others like “Set
Me Free." and "Road to Utopia" that'll just
make you tap your feet and join in on the
chorus.

The album is good. of that there is little
doubt. But as a Rundgren fan, one can't help
but feel that Utopia has stagnated. Granted.
they have stagnated on a plateau that ninety
percent of rival bands would like to reach. But
somehow you‘d expect a band as dynamic as
Utopia to create an album that would raise
some eyebrows. even if it did take more than
one listen. Adventures in Utopia. howaver. is
neither II Step up. nor a step down. It's Utopia
as you're used to hearing them. as you've
always heard them since Moogy Klingman.
Ralph Schukett. and John Siegler left the than
six man Utopia in 1975. Nevertheless. Utopia
is a strong band and Adventures in Utopia is a
strong album. If you're going out to buy your
first Utopia record, however. RA or Oops
Wrong Planet! would give you a similar in-
troduction to Mr. Rundgren's democratic
Utopia.

Nell on guitar, sporting a cop and heard.

American Stars and Bars, is exceptional for
the precise guitar work of both Young and
Frank Sampedro, the sharp drum work of
Ralph Mouna. and the subdued yet driving
bass which blends together. creating a
touching song. The lyrics. depicting a roman-
tlc love song, create a mood with which any
person who's ever been In love can relate.
Finishing up an exceptional side is "Into the
Black." off Rust Never Sleeps and Tonights
the nght. an early Nell Young piece. it is in-
teresting to note the difference between the
studio version. which has its roots In R at B.

 

and the live version. The Live Rust version is
an interesting combination of hard rock. soul
(evident in the throbbing bass). and lnterludes
of acapello singing. All in all, the music of
"Tonighls the Night" comes across as an In-
teresting. tasty. and foot-stomping tune.
Listening to Live Rust one is amazed by the
singular style and talent Neil Young exhibits.
He has gracefully transcended the sixties and
early seventies period and now Incorporated
more contemporary. hard rock beatstne.
hopes and knows the Mr. Young style of rock

Mam-ma  
~ Play '

regular who's been with B02. and Steely. an'd
Rickie Lee. too. But he knows just what he's
doing. becauée once one accepts The Manhat-
tan Transfer as presumptuous and the
epitome of 'over-done.‘ then one can ap-
preciate Graydon's complete adherence to
that, and he has indeed provided the best,
most diverse. and fullest Transfer record yet.
The Manhattan Transfer Is one of those
hybrid groups that take two musical categories
and bring them together. They enloy adding
silly words to famous jaw. and swing songs and
playing them with grand. new arrangements.
and the lan ranges from Weather Reports'
1978 classic. "Birdland." to 1938's. "Wacky
Dust." a tongue-In-cheek referral to the cham-
pagne of powdered drugs. There's a song
from 1959 about insanity called. “C00 C00
U," and the 1933 standard. “Body and Soul"
is lyricized and revamped again. as is a 1958
forgotten one called "Tickle Tickle." In bet-
ween these covers are two new songs by the
producer that stand out sorely and don't quite
cut it next to the pre-1960 stuff. Disco even
made it onto the nostalgia group's LP. possibly
an interesting comment about its future. The
tune is “Twilight Tone." an excellent
danceable disco gimmick that follows a
remake of “Twrlight Zone." the classic TV
theme by lln’ score \vriter. Bernard Hermann.

The best shot of rlll though isn't jazz or disco.

brrt a delightful remake of Tom Wait's.
"Foreign Affair." a sentimental song about
life's quest. and the challenge being the thrill
over the solution. lt'S the only song with lyrics
worth reading. but they're included for all of
them.

Extensions is the type of record to play at a
party. something that's on in the background.
but never quite in the background. And as sw-
ing music makes Its way into more and more
discos. The Transfer have proven that their
music remakes have a place in current record
collections. Also. the mixing of horns and syn-
thesizers on the same cut turned out rather
well. another innovation that may soon find
favor in mainstream recordings.

This reviewer has never seen them on
stage. but the perfect sound quality and
flawless recording can never be matched live
under any conditions. This foursome needs

the studio to survive. Their four voices
become multiplied and clarified and. brought
up front to present a trebley sound that pit mm
the ear on nice. expensive stereos. This would
make a great stereo demo record.

One of the best things about Extensions is its
dynamite cover design. with a hint of new
wave influence in classically art deco surroun-
dings. Even here. a mixing of ages was used to
create a final product.

The music The Manhattan Transfer makes
is not friendly: it's too perfect. It certainly can
be appreciated for many elements. but it is put
together just a bit too computer-like to garnish
any real human fan support. a following.
However. having at least one Transfer album
in your collection is certainly worthwhile. and
it might as well be Extensions. the work that
epitomizes this group and stands for
everything they do. in Its most exaggerated
way. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Tho poﬁoctlonlam and over-3
productlon 0! Th. Mush-“on

and roll I: here to stay. for a very long tlmeQ'T'.“"P'—W' mw’i'lc {0'0" MI.-

 

 

 7. ZHVBBA-smiak.i...ir.> a : . . : at: ﬁ'fz' :-

r-n...‘ _‘_.. "

 

