 

/

 

“as. a-~ ._—-r'r‘I-A‘K.~W'—~

. sum...“ _...—__...c .. _

 

  

 

lPage Fob-i:

' Aspects on T .

 

November 18, 1980'

 

Pure Pleasure

lck Lowe and Dave Edmrinds are
. best known as solo artists, but they

are also- the leaders of a band
known as Rockpile. Contractual obligations
to different record companies have
prevented them from recording under that

Bill Andrews

 

 

name until now. Seconds of Pleasure
(Columbia) features Edmunds and Billy
Bremner on guitar, Lowe on bass, and Terry
Williams on drums. The album is a celebra-
tions of roots rock and roll. lovingly

' recreated. Lowe, the famed power'pop
poientate. produced the album In his own
inimitable style: a clean. slick and punchy
sound akin to Phil Specior’s In his heyday.

Side one opens with a bang. "Teacher
Teacher" is the kind of tune we have come
to expect from the Rockpile collective In their
past releases. it is a witty,'terse adolescent la-
ment which Is perfectly complimented by
Lowe's deadpan singing. "if Sugar Was as

Sweet as You," an old Joe ("I Gotcha") Tex
stomper. is done up in style. with Edmunds
contributing a typically impassioned vocal.
“Heart” is a witty bit of Loweian apostrophe.

  

I I_ u

Pleasure u ﬂawless

NatuLaLMusic

Rockpile (Williams, Loe, Edmunds, and Bremner
oi rock‘n'roll.

   
   

.,, .

)' make Seconds of

with a marked, almost copy-right-infringing
debt to Gofin and King's "One Fine Day."
Billy Bremner's vocals on this song are a
pleasant surprise — Rockpile indeed has a
third lead singer to be reckoned with. “Now
and Always," an Everly Brothers-style
ballad, features fine harmony vocals by Ed-
munds and Lowe. “A Knife arid a Fork"
follows, and it is a real gem. A hilarious ad—
monition to the overweight ("Wearin’ a size
forty»four,/You have to turn sideways to get
through the door"), it features a sinuous
organ that is reminiscent of Booker T. Jones.
“Play Tltat Fast Thing (One More Time)" Is a
high-energy rocker that shows what Rockplle
does best: rockabilly with a modern sensibili—
ty. No one knows the ironic possibilities of
pop better than Lowe.

The second side kicks off with “Let's Face
it." a tune penned by Difford aird Tilbrooks
of Squeeze. This song is perfect Rockpile
fodder »- torso and epigrarnirtaiic "l’et You
and Hold You." another time with lyrics by
Lowe, sounds as if it could have come from
Lowe's f’tin' I’op for Now f’coplu. ii is
perverse arid irnromantic for a love song.
Edmund» and his guitar shine on the next
ciit. Chuck llirrry's "Oh erat a Thrill." Six-
ties illlif'ltillitilti tltat he is. Lowe pluiiders the
bass from the 'l'eittptations' “My Girl" for
"When i WritcI the Book." a satirical lover's
lamcirt \vitli wrtiy lyrics. The album closes
with two hot rockabilly numbers. "l-ool Too
Long." and "You Ain't Nothin' But Fine" (art
oldie recently recorded by the Fabulous
'l‘hundcrbirds as well) that feature fine. tight
ensemble playing.

III FiI’SC-BOI'II Ileclcpile

Also included with the LP (for a Itmtted
time) is a 7" EP, “Nick‘ Lowe and Dave Ed-
mun‘ds Sing the Everly Brothers." Phil and
Don they're not. but the disk does serve as
an affectionate. genuine tribute to the duo,
who have had more influence on pop music
than many people realize. it Is just frosting.
though, on what has to be one of the fittest

 

task—‘1‘ ‘

  

l.l"s of the year. Willi Lowu and | dirt. i
now officially teamed oti ‘crirrgi .i. at
things should happen By all illi'tllir tr. Ir
catch Rockpile at llIL‘ Palace on Norrrnnvrvi

21. 0

Former consorts Ride The Music Mobile

In a circle of friends,

in a circle of sound

all our voices will blend

wiren we touch common ground.
~Paul Winter Consort

whey were introduced as “living
J celebrations that the world is corr-

stantly making music and that
we're all musicians." And the members of
the Consort who played Page Hall last Fri-
day night certainly fulfilled all expectations.

Suzanne Gerber

Calling themselves Radiance. former Cone
sort members Jim Scott. David Darling.
Susan Osborne and Mancy Rumble-Wheeler
teamed up with two Brazilian percussionists
to produce a special blend of music that
rivals nature for its harmony and tranquility.

. Not quite rock yet. not quite jau. the music
of Radiance is created by instruments like the

El ml. E.“

 

traditional Chinese cheng, oboe. English
horir, cello, six and twelve string acoustic
guitars. voice and Brazilian percussion.

Friday night's concert was special for
several reasons. First. Susan's acappella ver-
sion of “And When i Die" was the most
powerful solo l've ever experienced. She's
got a Voice that stings and stuns; her few
songs left me numb. Second, the show was
more titan just live musicians playing to an
unacknowledged audience: throughout the
evening we were called upon to sing. clap.
and stomp along. At one point, the younger
audience members (those under 14) joined
Radiance on stage in tapping out rhythms
with hand-made shakers.

Possibly as entertaining as the music and
the audience participation, which is always a
treat. weretheclfish antics of Louie, one of
the percussionists. The bug must have bit.
for Louie wouldn't leave the stage. in fact.
he might have played all night if Jim hadn't
literally (‘arricd hint off stage ‘

Giving All 'l'hey’ve

othing attracts a crowd ntore than

the invitation of good ol' sex and

violence. A perfect indication of
this was the packed. SRO crowd that saw
those itymphos of nemesis. the Plasntatics.
at J.B. Scott's last Friday.

Jim Jaffe

Like the Tubes. Alice Cooper and Kiss,
The Plasmatics rely on theatrics (gimmicks)
as a distraction from otherwise ordinary rock
‘n' roll. The Plasmatics, however. are more
of an underground hand with less money to
throw around on props As a result, tlri-y'w
come up with a pretty shabby stage show
rro cash. no flash. They were apparently for
hidden from blowrrig up a car (supposedly
the show stopper in their act). so they ~ or.
more specifically. lead singer/rnasocliis!

 

Wendy “Whadda Woman" Williams - settl~,_

ed for chopping up art electric guitar with a
power saw, and maitgling a television set
with art axe And that was the more tasteful
part of tluI show (all you feminists, turn the
page)

Wendy Williams is not what you would
calla liigh Society gal; she is one lt‘Wil. rude
and crude mother. The blondesi of bonrlt~
shells. site's it former porn queen, and a bet»
ter strtppt'i than a singer. By the end of the
set. her tankrtop had all but disintegrated
(ripped apart actually) leaving her topless
and all over .l ii. Scott's l'll spare you lllt‘
details on ltl'l liiiiiil gesture-r iriit I will iiii'ir~
tiorr that she wants to llil\‘t.' a fondness for
whipped i'li'iiili (that's as implicit as l intend
to get).

The music r» about as lItVi’lilI\'i‘. as Wendy
rs stilrtlc Whereas SOIIM‘ 'liriit-s attd Alice
Cooper litiii“: manage to hold up on their
own. the l’lasinatics makiz urriply, mindless

PAC -- “An Evening oi Laniord Wilson." Three one-dct plays. written by the
Pulitzer Prize winning author oi Talley’s Folly. will be performed on Nov.

18-22 and Dec 2-6.

Tire other rewarding aspect of the show
was the fact that the money front ticket and
baked goods sales went to benefit a local
educational institution: the Music Mobile.
Ruth Pclltarri. mother of the Music Mobile.
has brought her talent and charm to over
700i) local children in parks. playgrounds

Calling themselves Radiance.
ex-Consort members work to
produce a special blend of music
that rivals nature for its harmony
and tranquility.

 

and schools. Through her program. she
teaches children ltow to love music, learning
and themselves. But like so many wor-
thwhile protects. the Music Mobile's fiscal
situation is precarious. So when the Consort
met Ruth last spring and learned of her situa-
lion. they volunteered to play a benefit. After
months of stripping through red tape. the

concert finally came about. Ruth and Int.
bably a large segment of last linlat'». «Iii
dience. are old fans of the Consort. 't‘.liilli
has been around for over a decade and hm
given birtlt to Oregon and now to lirtillrtiiii

The Consort. conceived by Paul willlt'l in
like an evcrrgrowing. ever-evolvtitg family of
musicians dedicated to the belief that rrrriiiru
is the source of all music. in past till‘lllil‘r and
on their most recent. Ceilings. llii’ (‘on-roii
reinforces our inextricable boird wrtlr tidiuic
through the organic beauty of “wit “mail.
and through the integratiort of their sounds
with those of nature: wolves. wind. \i‘itls.
dolphins.

in addition to recording and touring. the
Consort gives workshops and |Ii\'1li"~ ilit'
public to join them on their frequent rr-trrurn
of camping, hiking and ittliSiC-ttirtltiiiit

if you missed Friday's concert. don't liI‘i
With luck and support. the Consort and lllt'll
friends will be around for another lli‘t min 0

Got Except 'l'alent

noise They called this punk rock a few years
ago. but titis is the kind of shallow garbage
that gave that subculture a bad name.‘
leading people to write off the truly great
music of punks such as Richard Hell, the Sex
Pistols. and llii’ like. Tire Plasmaiics bang out
a iltrt't' i'irorii tltuitt’ similar to the Ramortes,
but |Il|lli|\ the ingenuity arid sense of

enough to disguise such tastuli'ss Iitltnli 'i ln'
Plasmaiics need a little siihsiano- itt lltt'II in i.
some genuine novelty llliil llil'll who”. in in
in all areas. They rill? rteitlrr'i siior’liiir'i Hi
telllgible. or fun Noiltiirg horn lirillilllfl
leaves nothing.

SUfPrlSlltgly. tlu' relatively ivy. ilill‘ Iii iii"
audience didn't appear too oifuniiw! 'r

 

The Plasmatics play the kind of shallow garbage intrinsic

that gave the punk rock sub-culture a bad name.

 

ltiiirrour (ruthrrist Richie Stotts, Molircart
lrairilo and all takes iris solos right out of “iv
siriiilliirrtl’.‘ of I‘.iily Clash. liliiclt Saltliailr
and data l'lt'Iiiliifx The f('\\’ ilist'vrnalrle lyrics
i picked out of Wendy's mostly inaudible
yelps secured to range iii topic from sex to
violence (surprised?) Unforiiiiiatcly. IltfllllL‘l

Wendy Williams breasts. riot lit‘i axe is

J.B. Scotts - Reggae comes to the Albany area tonight as Third “if;

Wt'nily: most rust lairitlii-d l.t‘i olt .n.1.

 

oven Wilfll so hit its to rrtilrlirri-
nobody, including llll‘ girv-v. \i'i'llir‘rl "

ly ('Iillillsii‘tfilli‘ about iii-r lit'lllilliirlii v
liltilly, Ilti' ctowd'. liilltlt"-l illt'l‘l i it w
resil‘tiigt'tl in on rirnroiiiti‘r'itii-it'. r.r.rt tin
liarnonris are playing .l ll tn oti' iii ltrirwfv
Now there's an iltli'lliilt‘ttl band

  

"he" "‘e “399' The i’ll'OIIP will be debuting the soundtrack to their II““’

movie. Prisoner in the Street.

 

 

 

 

\

 

 

 

[Nouember 18, 1980

Newloung

awks and doves have become a
current news item. Not because of
the various war sentiments over

lran, or even because our fine feathered

‘ friends are In a fix. The reason for the flurry

is that the master of rriellow music has releas-
ed a striking album bearing the same name.

Andrea DeGregorio'

Releasing a record entitled Hawks and
Duties, which bears an American flag
embiaaoned on the cover. near election time
is extraordinarily apropos. if irot downright
commercial. Parts of Neil Young's work
definitely declare political sentiments. Mr:
Young is expressing his political attitudes in a
medium where he is most comfortable -
song. The LP cart be considered propagan-
distic.

Previous to Hawks and Bones. Neil has
released twu gargantuan records -— Rust
Never Sleeps arid Liue Rust. Both works
reflected the musicians ability to create both
hard-driving rock and sensitive. meaningful
melodies. The scope of these two LP's.
lyrically. musically, and Instrumentally. was
astounding. Accompanying the discs was a
successful film which captured the excite—
ment of a genius practicing his craft.

For an artist to follow up a tremendous hit
is an exceptionally difficult task. Some ar-
tists. such as Fleetwood Mac who released
Tusk after the intmensly popular Rumours,
succeed. Other artists, such as Peter Framp-
ton who faded away after briefly shitting with
Fronripon Comes Alive. sadly return to obli—
vion.

Such is the dilemna Neil Young faces.
While Hawks and Doves is certainly a
fascinating. easyollstening record, it is over-
shadowed by his other monumental
releases.

The album itself is complex. it appears as if

Iwojoced

 

.lleil Leaves Bust For Hawks 

the artist had many ideas when writing, and
attempted to compact his-myriad of thought
Into one disc. Consequently. themes on the
record are continuously changing. Side one
is acoustic, possibly relating to the idea of
"’dove" (as opposed to the hawkish. more
energetic side two). since the music is ex-
tremely mellow and tranquil. "Little Wing."
the first cut, begins with a flowifig harmonica
solo, incorporating sensitive. guitar work.
There is a slight resemblance to Michael Mur-
pity's "Wild_ Fire." "The Old Homestead" is
perhaps one of the most fascinating tunes on
Ilte album. Written in ballad forin. each

character is given individual lines, so the '

song appears as a continuous dialogue. The
eirtire scene occurs in someone's mind.
Highly symbolic, the song Is filled with Freu-
dian allusions such as the line "The sky was
darkened by a prehistoric bird, who flew bet-
ween the unfulfilled moon and the naked
rider. to a telephone booth." The sexual
references are fairly blatant. Death is another
prevelant theme, with references to shadows
and "the sky. they had his number. "

At times tlte lyrics become so laden with
significance that they become confusing.
Such is the case with “Lost in Space." a
highly ntelodic tune which rambles from
working in the queen's garden to munchkins
on the ocean floor.

Closing side one is "Captain Kennedy,"
an anti-war ballad which concerns a young
mariner who hopes that he “can kill good."

Side two presents an entirely different at-
mosphere; most of the songs are lighter.
livelier, and have more power. “Stayin'
Power," the opening cut. Is a weak iurte.
Although the beat. punctuating with saucy
piano cords, is catchy. It appears to be used
as a space filler. Limp lyrics carry the appeal
of a TV sitcom theme, >

Another song. "Coastline." follows the
same pattern as "Stayin' Power," in that the

 

   

melody is catchy. btit the substance of the
music has no conslsiancy.

Happily. the remainder of Hawks and
Doves exhibits the talent of Neil Young at his
finest. Following the idea of the title and
album cover (which suggests a record deal-
ing with a nationalistic topic) the three clos-
Ing songs emphasize the lyricist's opinion of
our country. An exceptional cut, "Union
Man" shows the artist's genius for capturing
the mood of a blue collar worker. its lyrics
are strong, to the point of practical. Even the
music reﬂects the attitude aird personality of
a union person. To capture the amblence of
a union meeting. the lyricist cleverly presents
the song In dialogue iornr.

in addition to being a talenttyl artist. Mr.
Young Is also an effective social commen»
iator. Who could forget the scathing
statements of “Southern Man" arid the ironic
observations in “Welfare Mothers." Our
country takes abuse in “Comin' Apart at
Every Nail." a tune dedicated to describing
America as a once glorious nation that is (all-
Ing apart under the burdens of bureaucracy.

Page For]

'ncl Doves ';

discusses the problems of finding employ‘
ment between the government and the mob.

Ending the album is the title cut. "Hawks
and Doves." Relying heavily upon the coun-
try influences. as do most of the second side
tunes, the song exudes nationalism. The
narrator explains his willirtgness to fight for
his country so "My sweet love can dance
another free day. " Aspects of war are
portended in the song. Allusions to birds
circling in the rain are ominous foreshadow-
ing. Perhaps Neil Young is trying to alert his
listeners to possible war activities.

Hawks and Doves. which is produced In
part by Neil Young. offers a new view into
the mind of the artist. Songs are skillfully
handled. with a little assistance from Levon
Heint on drums. Although the LP will riot
claim a foothold of greatness next to master—
pieces such as Come A Time and After the
Goldrush," it will make its mark as an ex-
pressive. thoughtful piece revealing the com-
plex genius of Neil Young. 0

Honotonous Madness-Spontaneous Specials

be “heavy, heavy monster sound
J of Madness" comes through again
in their second album, Absolutely.
Tire opening song Is “Baggy Trousers," plein
d'ltarmonica. organ and saxophone. as in

One Step Beyond. their first album. Ab-
solritement incroyablel

Caroline Sommers

if one's main concern is that Madness cort-
tinues their original sound, one will be very
satisfied with Absolutely. Loaded with four-
lt!t.’lt songs (seven on each side). Madness
certainly has a chance to expand, but they
basically stick with what they had. Unlike the
Talking Heads' new album. if you took any
song from Absolutely and ptii it anywhere on
their first albunt. it would fit perfectly.

“Embarrassment." "E.R.N.l.E.,"' and
“Close Escape" are the next three songs on
llll' LP. aitd they contain all the basic
"iniisiest sound around" sounds. that
Madness refers to on their first album.

Unfortunately. Madness is one of the
many hands that irasn'i yet "hit" our area.
Madness features Stiggs with vocals and per»
crissioii. Chris Foreman on guitars. Woody
on drums and fire extinguisher (1), Mark
liedford on bass. Chas Smash with vocals
and trumpet (but not at the same time). and
countless others.

“Not Home Today" and “On the Beat
Pete" follow, aird “Solid Gone" closes out
side one. "On the Beat Pete" is probably the
best song on the LP. This is because the
monster sound is utilized to the fullest and no
firm! Is wasted iii the song. The lyrics and
music fit together perfectly. and the disilnC-
tivc organ sound dominate throughout.
“Solid Gone" is fifties all the way. with a
dchniu- i5|vis Presley influence. This tune is
lllll oi the typical Madness rowdiness. and
fiurtiircs it lot of good solos But, again —
iri'iy fifties. which. I guess, ska (reggae and
rock rriixture). punk and funk are all relics of.

 

 

“Story Two." as they call It. opens with
“Take it or Leave it." its sound is different
from what's on the first album. but the
Madness sound is nonetheless still easily
detected (understandablyi). This song ls
quite monotonous, as are several on the
album. only because they are so repetitive of
early Madness. And also. with fourteen
songs, it is difficult to make each soitg
"great." Perhaps Madness should concen-
trate on quality rather than quantity? This is
my major compl.lnt. However. there are
some good poiitls about this album.too.
One. for Instance. is "Shadow of Fear." the
second song on side two. Dissonance bet-
ween the voice and background music lends
a slight and pleasant change, which is so

 

“Perhaps Madness should
concentrate on quality
rather than quantity."

rarely found In this album that one must ap-
preciate this soitg.

A perfect example of ltow Madness refers
to their sound is: “Take a fairground-style
sound and add sonte Cockney humour-type
vocals. Throw iii a saxophone for good
measure to pick out a spinedingliitg melody
along the way. and you've got It. Madness."

There Is a definite Jackson Five influence
in the song “Disappear.” "Overdone"
follows (how appropriately titledll. “in the
Rain" features obvious "roller rittk" type
sound; organ and very homogeneous
Madness sound wlticlr. however, is still a lot
of fun. After this is “You Said." which is less
rowdy than lltt’." test of the album. Closing
out the disc is "lteturh of the Los Paliitos
70," which has a very Jamaican influence.

0

he biggest difference between this
album and the Specials’ new album is
that i could. with a few more listens. say that
More Specials is as good or better than the

 

first Specials LP. The Madness album is in
no way comparable to their first one. and
never will be. But the Specials expanded a
bit. and made their "stuff" even more (if
possible!) exciting.

Tire Specials feature the amazing Neville

-r

The Specials: From great to better.

  
   

 

Staples willt vocals and percussion. the
toothless. hairless Terry Hall with vocals.
Lynval Goldirrg on guitar/vocals. Roddy
Radiation on guitar. Jerry Damnters on
organ and piano, Sir Horace Gentlemen on
bass. John Bradbury on drums. and
numerous others on woodwinds (sax. trom-
bones. comets. etc.).

it opens up with "Linoy Yourself (It's Later
Titan You Tltiitkl." which has a very rowdy,
choral-type sound. Followrrig this is "Rat
Race." which is also very tight. “Man at C 81
A" arid “Pearl's Cafe" are the itexr two
songs; the first is typical Specials style.
whereas “Pearl's Cafe" features “cutesy”
organ chords and lreavier~tlran-tisual lyrics.
it's about a woman who has lost her looks,
her mind, and is in serious need of being
locked tip. The song'- last two lines are cat‘
city: “When I thought i saiu you, l'really

tlroughi you were a wet dream come
true/Now I know that you don't care about
someone else's nightmare." The side closes
with “Sock It To 'Em, J.B.." which is all
about 'James Bond. The lyrics are literally a
list of James Bond movies, and a list of
military names (KGB, ClA, Ml5. etc.). in the
middle of the song (which happens to be one
of the best Specials songs We ever heard). l
was very surprised to hear organ that notvso-
distantly reminded me of the Doors' Ray
Maiizarek's work.

Side two opens up with “Stereotypes.” a
facetioiis look at "today's mart" — the
“empty socialite" and whatnot. The lyrics are
again pretty heavy. and the sarcastic over-
tonu suggests that the man's hangout would
be the “Nite Klub" that the Specials so
vehemently busted on their first album.
These lyrics reminded me of those in “Rat
Race" on side one, which Insults people who
try to Impress others with their material
possessions. The second song. "Holiday
Fortnight." is a Caribbeanvcalypso iii-
strumental. taken straightout of the Islands.
(Close your eyes and you're there!) “i Can't
Stand it" features Rhonda Baker (of the
Bodysnatclters) with vocals. arid more
Doors-tan keyboards. "international Jet Set"
is an eerie-sounding song with fifties' over—
tones. lots of sax towards the end. and the
tlgirtesi sound the band obtains on this entire
new sounding album.

Closing out the album is a reprise of

"'Enloy Yourself (it's Later Titan You

'l'liinkl." it's just a tacky version of the first
song on the album, with a very slow beat.

i suppose i have to sum tip somehow. so
l'll say this: if you find yourself in the middle
of the Record Coop with lust enough
money to buy one album. and it's between
the new Madness and the new Specials
albums. 'by all means. pick out More
Specials. That is. of course, unless you love
the original Madness sound, and want to
hear more of the same. 0

 

 

