   
 
  
      
  
   
 
   
      
     
  
   
 
 

 

r
i
.

 



the day, but things have

.tust gotten ridiculous. l mean.t.

 

You tann

never thought i would see'

Aspects on

‘-

“sounded familiar but It also sounded new.r
Then they played "No Love Lost," a song
from their album which stirred the mintscuie

Wednesday

The band closed the short, nine-song set
with the tune "No. 7." The music stopped,
the feet stopped and everybody looked at

 

at in... ItI You ballot Go

York Cityghad been the same. with the
crowds being as appreciative 'as this one.
They hope that their reputation will grow by

trusses, its ‘ "

 

 

Ih'orou 9th good

George Giv

h the release of his third album.
More. on Rounder Records.
George Thorogood leaves no

 

Thorogood usually selects lesser known
songs from the masters. and this album is no
exception.

Aspects on Wednesday-

es You Here

 

 

his all. and comes up with another up-tempo
rocker. which may evolve as a cr/owd pleaser
in shows to come.

'formed live. even If you have never seen
him. ' .
Thorogood’s sound and his original three

I J
page sever!

 

>4.

SRO — that’s standing-room-only — crowd to 1.5 {get it ' - ' l H ld the sto f h d
they weren i already stan each other in disbelie . ow cou y P word 0 mout an when they return the an. oubt that he is the front runner in recognlz- It opens with wlme DIx r n - .. n .. r
, v ons lmWant cl. NihtTi . f x l
concens are bad enough. bill Whats cling, and started bodies Jerking. By the first so soon? The crowd rallied to make as much drences will be larger, Thts is how it started in ing and paying tribute to the great blues and Thowgood Steady Increases me “mp: of The [$95. (arzblﬂjﬂzl; 3:932:32E312 3:32:13:#:512:5::d53:ﬁ::;°3;2:;§ 7': ‘
'9‘”: WM“ "‘3" “1°59 am Show? Where the bars' of “Romantic Me," this public (private) noise as was needed to bring them batik OUl- New York City. early rock ‘n' roll composers, while revitaltz- .hrs Chicago blues song and adds some very 1976 by MCA released. wnhou. “Just can“ Makye h" attests“) mm {an as he’ 
ban outnumbers the andlence' party With Polyrock “amid hopping and success. Bl” RObemon ap°l°glzed for him. "‘9 the" 50095 With more Vewe and 513"“ cutting guitar wark' Thorogood's permission In 1979to capitalize masterfully recreates and polishes the 'classic  i
r ' ‘ l‘
* ' did" l Slop uni" lhe band l9“ the Stage i0“? inQ nothan I359 if) dPlaV “1:522: "4:: After a Short tour across co 1 lha" “‘9 We“? 0" ma“ recorded- Next. the band does an Instrumental with on his success), Is done with more drive and slide guitar sound of Hound Dog himself. .‘Jr
Ed  night. Aside from another newusong. It: e crowd wou m n anyd mtg) muéic and is ‘hlnklng of mun" Eur U“ will!“ hand  _ guitar and sax exchanging licks In classic flf- spirit than the first time. it isaclassic that has The final track. "Restless," by Carl “Blue
Recemly this area has been flooded with bang Tsar? 31m :bunl'c‘l'l'l'irfs Sewer oil response TBS Ullatrllrdous an album is very pom]: Thezlﬁ' I w :UW the   ties rocker style. The bass line is reminiscent been done by many groups before. but Suede Shoes" Perkins, is Thorogood's
' ' 0' U OUT acev 5 (mgr 3" movemen C0“ ” ' ' ' O m " “WW W of Elvis Presle 's “Hound D " but d i l d' v i i b b t ib '
up and coming groups. These shows f‘Blue "Your Dragging Feet" (not mine. anyway). After the show. the band expressed no back to Albany. and i hope they do, ion. so 2‘ er 9 ‘5 per “me “um 9'5 a much moreilectrifted mahller. one n T Thig;:or:d Edi/(321:2: ‘lgotgdbyszaby " :re‘l‘rfdodlllimgjlelh? :bhﬁillsymmbllfll: 
AHQEI. NEWOUS Eaters. .Flngefpl’lnlzr. etc-l The audience seemed spellbound. If not ad— discouragement at the poor showing, saying you can see them next time. You tt’rtllv assodated wnh J°hn Lee HOOK!" Elmo” “One Way Ticket " one of two slow tunes by Elmore James is handled by Thorogodd than it was 25.3 years ago
3:: Charaderlled by lOW lleel PTlCes. low dlcted, to the rhythmic. energetic music. most oftheir initial appearances outside New should,  James. Willie Dixon. and Chuck Berry on ‘he album is performed very much in [he wnh brimam Slide 'gum" done m "ue Elmore ' .
l - . i l
a m55l0n5r lOW attendance. and Steal t3er (Whose songs he recorded 0" hls “"0 John Lee. Hooker style of music. Billy fashion. Being one of Thorogood's idols.this George Thorogood has certainly establish- i
C

formances. At J.B.’s last Wednesday rrtght.
this embarrassing occurrence took place
once again, and the band Polyrock was the
victim. Polyrock was to open up for new
wave cash-ins, 3-D, who luckily cancelled.
leaving the night to Polyrock —~ uninter-
rupted.

V Polyrock In Albany was a dream come
true (i had passed up seeing them over the
caummer in New York City when the admis-
rion price at Hurrah's was a hefty $10.00).
This New York City based band drew atten-
tion when contemporary classical composer,
Phil Glass was selected by mutual agreement
ro produce their album. and that's when
their rhythmic, Infectious music was heard.

To be honest, the band does not include
the most talented musicians, rather. they are
six creative people with the same sound in
mind. It is simple rhythms and distracted
hooks and noises that mix perfectly to create.

 

F

a night of

 

he following [mg-
nrent is a spon-
taneous overflow of auto-
tion that occurred during

major
hallucinogenics. tawdry
sex, and countless Olivia

in Xanadu did Newton-John
a movie masterpiece create

and hers is measureless to man.

And Oh! the difference to me.

But Lo the dark side of Livvy dear

Betwixt iii no perfect little cars

A Savage Place! as cheap and sleazy there

as the not 50 private place of Cher. 5
And the waning moon grew paler

at the sight of Liv wailing for a sailor

Where talent. the sacred commodity. ran

Her beauty came from her voice's sound
her song brought rumplings to the ground. ’ V
Her eyes were the green of big Kosher dills 

Her energy came from tiny red pills
And Oh! the tax free income for thee.

 

previous albums as well). or Muddy Waters.
Hound Dog Taylor, and Carl Perkins,
Thorogood glosses over their expressive
qualities, emphasizing dynamics. timing and
sheer giddy momentum.

The powerful and steady rhythm section is
formed by bassist Billy Blough and drummer
Jeff Simon. Thorogood handles guitar, slide
guitar. and vocals. while the newest
member. Hank Carter, plays sax. ‘

Blough and Jeff Simon provide a slow.
bluesy beat. punctuated by Thorogood's
stunning guitar work.

The single. "Bottom of the Sea." taken
from a 1969 Muddy Waters' album. does
great justice to the original song. Trying to
gain an audience with the psychedelic
crowd. the original version was buried in one
of Muddy's worst albums. Thorogood gives

This is music 76 miss

Greatest Hits. Musically. the album

the original albums they were released on. So

rRiding Out The Storm.

side from the cover and a luw‘pivviously unreleased pictures of Jim Morrison
and The Doors, there is absolutely i

like “Light My Fire" to later onus such its "Riders On The Storm." Unfortunately. these
songs can all be found on any of IltL‘ tlnt'c other Doors Greatest Hits albums in addition to

ly, just to make money off of unsuspecting people.

is the fourth time around covering one of
Elmore James' tunes.

The best song on the album, In my mind.
is “House of Blue Lights." Taken from a
lesser known Chuck Berry cover,
Thorogood has opened with this song for as
long as he has been touring. Though a slight-
ly shortened version on record, one can
sense the energy It must project when per-

W

roilring new or interesting about The Doors
is very solid. it takes us from the early hits

wiry a fourth Greatest Hits album? Obvious-

ed himself in the past three years. With this
album. his best to date. he continues to build
on his reputation as one of rock ‘n' roll's
most exciting guitarists and performers. Hts
shows are usually sold out. and after hearing
him perform. It is easy to see why. If you

' happen to be seeing him Saturday at J.B.
Scott's. or if you have More handy. get
ready to rock your sort off and boogie ‘till the
break of dawn.

ﬁx

And from her “chasm” a ceaseless
turmoil seething .

Newton-John records. it
was recollected in the
tranquility of a lecture
center. It is a fragment
because I was interrupted
by Pro]. Stalcy's question
about the in/lru'riceo/
Morse Pcckliain and
Chomsky on Lawrence
Welk. He got his answer.
but the world lost my

Granted. there will be a few people who Just want a few popular Doors songs in their
album library. without having to spend large sums of money. and for them. this album is
the period choice For the tttttst part. however. people Would rather spend a few extra
dollars and explore the songs tlnrt were not hits in. well as the ones that were. it's really it
shame that Elektra Records could not be satisfied with three other greatest hits albums that
brought in money, but had to go oirt and givu UH another. so they could stuff their wallets a
little more, and do damage to the name of thy group that started them off lll tlu.l late six-
ties. Morrison turd The Doors were poets and musicians. not the type of people to ptit up
wiilr exploitation. .

If there is any good to be said about the album. it is the fact that a lyric sheet. and a very
tntcnsr.l picture of Morrison irrc included lit the package. if you wont to listen to The Doors
Greatest Hits. buy the originnl albums. If you want to contribute to greedy record com»

one of the freshest, most energetic sounds of
the year. On the albutrr. Polyrock. Glass and
co-producer Kurt Munkacsi are credited with
helplng‘bting out this sound. but on stage. it
is all Polyrock.

The band took the stage subtley. included
were Bill and Tom Robertson on guitars and
vocals. Lenny Aaron on keyboard, Curt
Cosentino on bass machine. Cathy Oblansey
on occasional vocals, and Mike Phillips
replacing Joe Yannece on drums (Joe is
temporarily sidelined with a broken leg).

as our beauty's lust became heavy breathing I

A “mighty fountain" quickly was pushed ‘ 
amid her milky white thighs

Liv so glad for the cover of bush

the man nearly deafened by Livvy’s sighs.

To the above world she was ,
a virginal young thing.

 

ﬂubla Newton-John

  

 

 

 

     
   
  
 
     

     
    
   
   
 
   
  
 
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 

   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 

They opened with a new song "Slow" and
the initial reception was of awe. the song

SQuLMen
A Wee
Sam —
And Dave

am Moore and Dave Prater wait.-
an absolute joy Friday night at the
Hulla Baloo. With the present
resurgence of heavy metal. and all the cur-
porate nu wave being produced, the purity
of Sam and Dave was more than just a
refreshing change. They were electrifying

Craig Marks

' with their souHunk-rhythm and blues blend.
and, as far as dancing goes. i'vv nyvur hop-
pecl so intensely in all my concert going
days.

it's unfortunate. maybe even tragic. that
the average record buyer believes tliiit “Soul
Man" was written by the Blues Brothers.
liven if the Blues Brothers version (llrl have
soul and did do the song justice M which it
doesn't — it would still be a sham“. that Sam
and Dave are so unknown (when telling my
friends who i was seeing on Halloween, l
was constantly asked the question. "Who are
tlrey?") Aside from “Soul Man." they‘ve
done the original versions of “l Thank

You,"popuiarlzed by Bonnie Ram. and “l
Can't Stand Up For Falling Down," found

on Elvis Costello's Get Happy LP. lt's ob-

vious that Sam and Dave have been
recognized by their musical peers, but for
some reason. not by the general public, as
evidenced by the less than full house Friday
night.

After a long wait. the band. minus Sam

 

 

 

 

 

k

and Dave. took the stage and opened with
“Pick Up The Pieces." a bit in the early 70's
for the Average White Band. The band
jumped: a rhythm and lead guitarist. bass
player. keyboardist. drummer. and a four
piece brass suction provided the spirited
sound. They were exceptionally funky. and
the fact that Sam and Dave had such a first
rate sound says a lot about the devotion and
love they have for what they do.

in order to perform against as busy a
background as a nine man band. the soloists
would have to have stirring energy and also

Davo’ Put-i- (l) Ind‘ﬂlm Moore: Wouvlng. dlnclﬂﬂ.lnglnﬂ’

masterpiece. WOli.’ 0
- L_.____

 

Little did her public know
how that girl could swing!

commanding musicir’inship. Sam and Dave
qualify on both counts. Front the opening
notes of “l lold ()n. I'm Comin." to the finale
"1 Thank You," the two soul men from the
south wvuvuil. danced. sang. shouted, and
poured out tremendous amounts of sweat
and emotion 'l‘lruir vorcvs' Sam's higher
with a gospel strain. Dave's. ilucpcr ittttl
lrusklur. lilt‘tttli'tl beautifully. iiittl with Ilu‘.
band pouring oirt funk rliILl rhythm and blues
riffs. it was impossible not to gel Lip and
move.

 
  
 

During each song. n special part of the

 

Sam and Dave sound appeared. in "You
Don't Know Like i Know." the bums \wn'
sweet and radiant; in “You Got Mu lllttn
nun'" the bass line was undurnriblt'. and III
“Soul Man" the guitars and the horns Irilitl‘
through strong. You Would Ihirrk lltril Slain
and Drive Would be tired of doing “will
Mint" night after night for 15 yours, but il

they are. they don't make it revidvnt. lI wvun

that they get even more out of tln'ir titll‘slt
than their audience dries. which in turn.
leads theI passion they already lrrrvv

Sam and Dove's rapport with llti' illltllt’llt r‘
was rcnmrlmblt'. A lead vocalist risking iln'
crowd to clap along is usually .r rlr-ir-rn-ni in
thy tlusiretl result. but not iir tin». irl‘rt‘ l‘v‘ol
only was tlrtI crowd clur'rping. but tlnvu urn
singing when Sam wrurtud iln-ru to. out!
even bumping and grinding rrt thi- rounl wt
tlirtiu. During the intro to “Sootlr Mo." on
old Stun Coolw lttltt'. Sum titt'ltittttti‘tl in»
poonlung and lllh‘illilg'rl'llllll wvurril tun-'-
thy trumer player blowing r| bud notv mi h
iliittf. forcing Stun to stop and iI'rl( “Wlan‘d I
any?"

It wasn't long before the illltltt'ttt't‘ got into
tlu‘ fun. When Sam told u furnnlv ttt ilti’ tin
(liencu lltt‘tl “she ain't got what ln"‘- HUI-N "ll"
bluntly replied “No. hilt I got \Vlttll you
need." This broke up both lltt' crowd r'Iltll tlrv
band and served as a perfect t’xnlttplt' of Ilu'
Warmth that these guys give off

hi NYC and other lrip [)lrtt‘t“i lltt‘t'l"H .i sold
revival going on. Funk. rhytlun .rud bin-“n
and soul are being played hr the clubs. -ul
‘lliltt in the usual punk and twat Wilt“
Aretha Franklin. Al Gretnr. Motown .rnri
Parliament~Funkatlclic arr! r'unt'nil‘l ill“
favorite things to move to. tillil new titullil'i
from England such as Dexy's Mtrlnittlti “'”'

 

 

Thorogood glvea his all . .

pin’

ners are Incorporating soul into their new
sounds. Sam and Dave's music is an impor»
tant part of this revival. and they are pro
buhly enjoying tin-Ir greatest popularity strutt-
the late '(rfl's. But rrvvn with this now found
popularity. the band Isn't making nronvy.
They play for the love of music. and not for
the love of money. and this is one of thy
reasons why they deserve that much more
respect.

What it really all comes down to is dancing
to this dynamic duo. You can listen to drum
and sense the emotion. but when you got on
'the floor and let the. heat. energy. and
soul take over. you‘re part oi the emotion.
Listen to, or see Sam and DitVL‘ and become
aware of how much soul each of you really

have. .

  
  

 

 

Quirk-s. buy Thu Doors (ironies! llits.

 

Shaboo
All-Stars

be band name. Slnrbou All-Sims.
brings out two intuit-sting frii'ts:
first. the brunt guts their name and

their lead singer front it Connecticut bur cull
ed the Shaboo. Second. the All~5turs (tli'
musicians extraordinaire. Playing rnustly
blues. with mainstream tau and soul tttIxUtl
in. this five-piece group constantly nvcr
whelnwd the Hulln Baloo audience with
their skill and mastery of their instruments.

The All‘Stars are led by Matt "Guitar"
Murphy of Blues Brothers fame. John
Belushi refers to Murphy .15“le Champion
of the Blues," and it was easy to see wiry.
Murphy's loads and solos were technically
amazing. leaving the crowd shaking their
hands In disbelief. Although Murphy is tttlllL‘
ll huge and powerful looking man. ho was
extremely geniti- and light, with his flicking
eyebrows acting as his major expression of
t’Ittullt‘tit.

The band has an impressive list of Crt'tllls:
individually. they've played for Johnny
Winter. James Cotton. The Young Rascals.
Blood, Sweat and Tears, Ike and Tina
Turner. Muddy Waters. Sly and llti.‘ Family
Stone. and more. Their instrumentals teud~
ed to be more effective in displaying their
talents than their covers. which Included
"Stormy," “Dock of the Bay." and “Soul
Man." The lead vocalist had a good. raspy
blues voice, but he really wasn't up to the
band's standard.

If you happen to go one night to your

-Douglno‘Wolf

favorite bar and find the All-Stars playing
there. you'd think of them as an exceptional
bar band. This is the best way to think of and
enjoy the Shaboo All Stars.

Buffalo Chips
Bloogie Band

petting Vlor the Shaboo 'All-Stars

@ were the Buffalo Chips Blooqu
Band. a group which has started to

gain some prominence in the area. Their
music has been termed "bloogie" because of
their unique blend of blues and boogie. The
Chips, as they are known by their followers.
have opened for such acts as Sam and Dave.

 

and were ieatured at the Rock & Roll Dance '

 

11:. Billion Chip-i B ooglo neck: [or I can...

‘ .
. . . and delivers an Ills-tempo rocker.

65‘

Party at the Rafters.
The band is led by Buffalo Bob. their
drummer and lend vocalist. Bob's Vocals are
very raspy and draining. with each word
0 sounding like it might be his last. Buffalo Bob
.‘tlso writes the original material for the Chips.
with the themes ranging from capilal'punlsh-
mom to the usual “i ain't got no woman. i
ain‘t got no money" sort of blues. Bob has
also written a blues "opera" about life in
prison. and this is a work that really should
be heard and appreciated.

The Chips love to sing the blues. btit they
also play for n more important reason. Part
of the receipts from each performance go to

a special program to produce concerts for
prisoner rehabilitation. The cause is very
worthwhile. and so is Buffalo Bob's music.
Patrontze the arts. and go see the Chips.

 

     
 

 

VenwmtmwanII—na|,m a. ..a..... ..-. 

 

,

 

   

