   
  
   
 

Problems With SA

Jeremy Carlson
Student Union Chairperson

 

 

   
    
     
  

Simply because we are all students, the on»
ly thing we have in common with each other
is that we are learners in the educational pro-
cess. The primary function of the student
government should then be to improve our
1, learning conditions. Certain problems exist
within student governments which prevent
.' them from fulfilling their primary function.
It These.problems exist because of the basic

which thereby cuts off any hope for student
representation.

The administration gives our varying
amounts of power to differctrt sectors itr tlte
university community; students receive the
least antourrt of power. Student govcrtrrrrents
do ttot derive their legitimacy from students.
but rather from their adrrtirristratiorr. How
tltctr cotrld the government wrrrk itt onr irr-

 

   
 
 

 

:‘ f structures that student governments are tcrest? Student goverrrrrrerrts get little. if arty.

; , founded upon. 1 active support from the students. Wlty don’t

2 t Simply bcca WC art? it” SlUdCttl-S. llIL‘ Otl- students support “their” government? Could
.

ly thing we have itt common with cachotlrer is
that we are learners in the educational pro~
cess. The primary function of the strrdcrtt
government should then be to itrrprovc our
learning conditions. Certain problems exist
witltitt student governments which prcvcttt
tlrcrtr frotrr fulfilling their primary ftrrrctiott.
l‘hcsc problcrrrs t:\ist bccrrrrsc of the basic
structures ttrat student governments are
totrtrtlcd upon.

First and l'ot'crrrost: Strident governments

it be that we'know it is powerless? When will
we reali/e there is no “cure” for apathy ——
t'atlrcr. we rtced to examine its crrtrscs. if
students don't strppoti their government.
wlnrt is the basis for that govcrnrrtctrt's cs-
istctlt‘c'.’

‘i'lre stttdctrts rtrtrrtitrg the government also
httv ' a belief that govcrtrrrrerrts trrtrst hc com-
plc.\, bureaucratic lrodics. l'ltis tntrkcs it hard
tor students to understand ltrrw tltc grrtcrtr-
trrcrtr works, rrttd this presents rtrorc students

 

Making Clear

To the Editor:

it is with great concern that I write this let-
ter in response to your article and editorial on
March 14 on the alleged “S.A. Election
Coverup.” i feel my part in this incident was
greatly exaggerated and would like to take
this opportuttity to set the record straight.

i learned from JamesMitchell of the claim
by Mitchell Davis that he had switched t5
Ward ballots for 15 Newmark ballots for it
differertcc of 30 votes. My first reaction was
amazement and disbelief. Tire issue was
serious brtt I did not corrtc to arty decision as
to how i would handle it until later that
night. At the cleetiott rtiglrt party I was asked
to come itrto a roorrt where a conversation
already was going on atrtorrg others that had
ltcard of the itrcidettt. The consensus tltcrc
was that if Lisa Ncwtrtark had won by ttrorc
than 30 votes. site had won lt-t" '..rtttcly atrd
anything that ttriglrt cause her to lose that vic-
tory would be hurting an innocent victitrr.
ltlrcrr came to my own decision. i felt that
Lisa' had won legitittratcly and that ptrblic
kttowledgcoftlrc irrcidctrt would ltrrrt her, so-
ttrcotrc who is rrty friend and that l respect.
the most. Sccortdly. i had no proof tlrttt the
incident had actually occurred. otrly a third

 

lHlW It“ I‘U‘WI- “Iv *lltds'ttl twvcr'rrntctrt ts from getting itt\ttl\'ctl. l'his ycrrr otrr SA has

party source. Thus. even acting on hearsay 1
would have had an election which l.istt had
won legitimately invalidated. wittr grave con.
sequences for an innocent victim of someone
else’s stupidity. i may not have had the
morally correct decision. btrt it was cm
the most humane. To this day t
evidence that the irregularity actually occur.
red. but it might have destroyed sotrrcrrtre.
What annoys me beyond belicl is rhrtt the
ASP chooses to overlook all rltc good i hm.-
done for students itr this university over my
three years of involvement iii the Srtrdctit
Association. The ASP feels this incident
overshadow's all i have done ltl tltc past. I
have worked to rctnove an urrtrrtt “\\“' tram
sttrdcrrts‘ transcripts. to insure sttttlt'ttl\'
rights and input at every oppotttrrntr. root.
trrr active interest to insure \\t)tltL't|'s .zricryon
this canipus. worked for inner Strtrlcrrt
Guidelines and housing proccrtrtro. \\rrllrt'd
on the Student Association l'cactrrutt r‘tlttl r\r|
visitrg Awards Cottttuittcc llL'Cilll'rL‘ t lccl “It

must
trirtly
lttt\c no

 

good teacher" should tcccnc it'.itj’ttitttttt.
helped to implement attd dctisr: .r 'r\ lz'ttt in
which students cotrld cvttlrratc lllr‘il ltr‘dlllt
services. and l cared enough to t't" tt.‘.trl\t‘rl
itr statewide issrrcs that ettcct sitlrlt'lrr lltdt.

reached out to all strrdcnt or II”-
university rrtrd valued tltcit p.rrtt.r:r.rtrot;

ttrorc than atryorrc clscl ktrow. lilt1rtl illr‘ .‘

 

formed to coordinate stttdctrt activities. col-
lch and distribute the ltt.\ fee. and srrpport
student groups. [it other areas; curriculum.
purposes of tire university. admissions. pro.
motion arid firing of faculty. btrdgct issues,
etc.. student gotcrtrttrcnts-Irrit't' no tlt'llltl/
rtrti/tr/rily. Studctrt gtrvcttrtncttts collaborate
with administration attd faculty. form adr
visory hoards. r'cconttrrctrtl policy. but they
ltave no power to ittrplcmctri policy. l-\crt
with social issues such as party

17 \icc cotrrptrollcrs; wiry the biggest ctct‘.’
('otrltl it be that the people appointing posi~
tions promised positions to campaign
\vorkcts'.’ Sttrdctrt gotct'ttrtrcttt lctrdct‘s also
lottrr clitc rtrlittg cliques prtrtitrg rltcnrsclrcs
above tltc “average” student.

Attotltct problem is that strrdcrtt go\cttv
nrcnts gcrrctally do not dcvotc thc major part
rrl their titrtc to issues of greater itttpotttttrcc
to students; sttclr as tltc lntdgct. lttstctrd. stu-
dent governments trtc more interested itr cw
parrditrg tltcit scope of influence. uttd are
generally only interested irr issttcs which will
be beneficial to the government. Thus it
cvoltcs that sttrdctrt governments for the
trrosr part bccortrc sclf—irrtct'cstctl ()i'ytltll/tlv
tiotts. Because of this fact. tltc pcoplc irr the
gotcrttrttctrt rvill go toatty menus to maintain
their power.

Last year itr tltc run-off campaign. Slrarotr
Ward lost to l.isa Ncwmrrr'k. We now find
orrt that the trrctttality of Ncwmark sup-
prrrtcrs is not itr the interest of all stttdctrrs.
hrtt ratltcr itr their owtr interest. As current
Comptroller (‘raig Wcitrstock says, ”..
that little group.“ The people itt SA believe
that they are above ilrc law. “It was a trues-
riotr of individual morality \ t'stts group
morality." i had no idea we elected people I
with their owtr code of ethics and morals. t

The people itr SA are not interested in “the
welfare of students." as Steve Coplott says. t
but rather irt their owtr welfare. ‘l‘hi’ is why

 

g trtiotrs.
alcohol lirtrits. dotttt t'ulcs. ctc.. the ad
ministration has the final say. l'lrtts. students
have no real way of having their interests
rcprcsctrtcd.

Sttrdcnt grwcrrtrrtctrts arc the method
tltrottglt which administrators limit arty type
of stttdcrtt power. Sittdctrt grncrtrnrcnts are
supposed to “work nitltirr tltc systctrr.” and
go through the "proper channels.
Howctcr, the “proper clrattrtcls" tlo not hm c
tltc stttttc irttcrcsts as tlrc students; the ad
trrirristratiorr has opposite goals. in her lcttct
to the editor irt last Friday's .-lS/’. Stacy M.
Sass, who is on the UAS lloarrl of Directors.
says “. . . wouldn't it trtttkc scrtsc to work

I witlrirr csistittg trrcchanisms that have been
provctr effective?" 'l'lrcsc “tnechtntisttrs” trrc
not effective. because they are Cttllltlctr
sttrdctrt productive.

Since sttrdcrrt govcrrrtrrcnts arc prrtt of tire
administration. the little "voice" the govet rr-
ment is givett cart be terminated at arty tittrc.
l‘hus. student governments. depending on

t
it
i

 

 

lhc mmcuhr Drusidu” m k [I I they will cheat. lie, st -al. and if necessary use cpcuk mud“. [mm mm]. Hm. I i.“
‘ ' ‘ ' L" ’L' "V ‘W ‘1'“ violence to further their ‘ ' ' - " - I I A“
U . ‘, , ‘ t ‘ Ltrds. James Castro. Ncwm- ~ . -- .. t . . r
not be trtrtrtd to confront the administration; mam-o said, "if I had to do it again I'd do it Mk and “U mm Emu” ‘ have
.

t

or the government can be silertt. as is our SA,

cstrctly tlrc sarrrc way. I wouldn‘t change a

 

costs. llowctcr. because of ortt inactive sttr»
dent

poinrccs. we are forced to seem powerless.

sttrdettts. cart develop long-term goals and ac-
tivcly work to obtaitr them. Next year. we will
all face higher prices at SUNYA for a less
quality education. Our studcrtt government
obviously is ttot interested irt trying to pr'c«
vctrt this frotrr lrappcttitrg. They have not

cd with whose running next year, about

about the election cover-up. etc. if actions

no voices to air strident concerns

dtrttrrt thing." '1 lie later that he broke tltc law
and gate students a had image is irrelevant to
lrrttt. as long as he witrs the election! Agaitr.
\vc tlrc students do not benefit from tllL'it‘ ac»
tirrtrs. if the administration ktrows that rrrrr
elected officials were elected illegally, will
they respect their opinions‘.’ Furthermore. if
our SA president says her cabitrct ttetct' even
gave ltcr the chance to c\ercisc ltct opirtiotr.
then is site a lcndct'.’

Albany is it fortunate school itt that UAS is
sttrdcttt ttrtt. 'l‘hc students rl/I/Ittilll('(/.
however. do not work itr our interests. ltt-
stcad ot' ‘nrsr raising board rules again as they
lttrvcjtrst done, the student board of dircctors
could face tltc tulrrritristt'ation and dctrratrd
rttotc trtortcy ttr offset the raises. Ad-
ttritristrator salaries trtc rising! So are our
government

president and her up-

l'ltcr‘e are other methods whereby we, as

rlaycd arty major role itt ot'gtrtriIitrg students
o speak up. instead. they lnrvc bcctr correctn-

ht'ctttcrring violence if the truth is revealed,

lctrrortstrttted that they are inactive and ltavc

people t'cttli/c this.

i believe I wotrld he doing tltr t rtl‘ :r .:
great injustice by resigning. l lt‘t'l 't..r 'trr
samc injustice would occur it t tlltt‘.‘ tit or
the Vice-Presidential rttcc. My ltl‘ .‘i hit
stand and the people i rcprcsctrt t\tt'. zrrrrs.
idcttls will not have a \oicc it t test it Itrt
would truly be tr shame. i lttt\c [tl.ttt .rrrd
goals itr ttry mind for lltls year and trr"-‘.
will try to further tlrcsc goals.

Marl. I thorny

, Thank You SA

To the liditor:

l'lrc students of this university trrr t-r'r‘tt
publicly disgraced. l'hc most pro t ‘ I‘
and effective strrderrt assoc ion in llr sort.
has fallen not only to tttcffrcrctrcy lurt  to
corruption. Yes. the students or st '\t\
have trlot to be proud of. thank \trtt t Luv
Wcinstock.

in the last

.rtrdl

 

llll’CLl )’t.'l||S \H‘ lltl\t' ‘i‘k‘ll
students becotrrc trrr integral ptnt Ht tltt‘
dccision-nntking process of this rtrumsio.
But now. the endless hotrrs spctrt br [trl\‘ rtrt
detrt leaders to gain credibility among tlrc .tri
ministration and faculty have hcr-n lost
Thank you .lim Mitchell.

The forward momentum of thc sllttlt'ttt
association. if tltcrc \vtrs arty to spt‘tlk or. has
now been ltrtlted. Atty efforts to lttt'tcdst‘ tlrc
effectiveness of SA by irrvolsitrrt rrrott‘
sttrdcrtts fora far-reaching c\clrtrnge ot irlc.t‘-
have been negated. ‘l‘hc presctrr lL‘tttlc'sIrtp
will leave SA with a studettt both that is

 

disenchanted turd finally disgusted. tlr.rrr|.

 

 

 

 

 

 

ﬁs’wm

 
 
  

 

   

#0096 SELF [Tl/lilo
6 F P /

EL 0,
66%? LOA be
MA tPUtATt 5 t7
. CLOSED til/Wig .

it
r
it:

LOAD

  
       

(of

      

 

 

 

  

AW {{Otgrosrtcc
HARE/v ME?

 

0*” I LI
“0 1/00

     
   
 

 

 

KE Vii/AW].
LIKE 903K.

/

 

 

 

 

   

..._......wm.csr. alt-1N4:

 
 

comment. '

 

  

 

 
 

 

 

you Lisa Newmark. for being so perceptrvcm
your association with such petty fraudulent's.
And. for commanding that certain amount
of respect among your peers that would allow
the single and illegal act of one purely simple-
rrritrdcd individual to turn itrto a widespread
scandal. '

Davis. the confessed ballot stuffer now
contends that he was detached from the elec-
tion and that lie had not interest irt tltc out-
come. A blatant attetrrpt to deceive the
students once again. He was a staunch
Ncwntark supporter from the word “go”.

Weirrstock states, “no one wanted to hurt
l.isa," Great — no one \ ’tlttlL‘d to break poor
I 's heart and tell her that she won by
default. She worked so hard to win.

Other wrotrgdocrs will have the audacity to
claim that tltcrc was no cover-up. that the
ASP article is politicrrlly biased. atrd that tltc
ballot-stuffing ittcidetrt had no effect on he
orttcotrtc of the election. Again. trltcrttpts to
mislead strrdctrts atrd divert their attention
front the actual crime and sttbscrprcnr corr-
ccalttrcnt. in fact. the dccision to release the
irtforrnatiort only if thc ontcorrre of ttrc clcc-
tiotr was affected by the ballot strtl'l'irtg makes
it apparent that it was itr the best ttrtctcst ot
all those involved to be certain that the final
margin of victory would not fall utrdcr tlrit ty

 

\rrtcs.

In the coming days we will be able to judge
the itrtcgtity of tire Sttrdcrrt Association atttl
its leadership. l cart l'otcscc only one trltct-
rrrrttrc that would he takctr irt tltc best interest
of all students: the resignation ot (‘rarg
\\'cinstock frotn his posirtorrs of (‘ontrollcr
and Central (‘ourtcil Representative and the
rcsignation of .lll't Mitchell frortr his posi
trons of University Senator and Central
(ouncil Representative. ltlo not believe that
tltesc sttrdcttts would lttt\c bcctr appointed or
clcctcd if the student population was aware
that they would act irt tltc best interest of
students only rrtt a conditional and part titrrc
basis.

As for the rest of the individuals ittvolvcd

 

itr tltc initial dc 'sion to illegally withhold itr-
totrrrtrtion. i feel students should be concern—
cd with only two. Mark l.iri'aycrtc atrd .Iim
(‘ttstt‘o-lllanco. l.irftrycttc presently holds twrr
clcctcd positions attd should he askcrl to
rcsigtr. Cast r'o-tilanco. \\lttr states that lie
"wrrttltltt'l chang ' it damn thing". should be
asked to withdraw his name from corrsidcta»
tion for SA l’rcsidcnt.

Name Withheld Upotr Request

A Dilemma

To the Editor:

Having read the AS ’ article regarding the
197‘) rtttrot'f clcctiott arid the ftcry editorial
t'cgnrditrg the satnc topic. i find it necessary
to clarify my role in the matter. 1 also fcc
cotrrpcllcd to air my feelings regarding these
events.

Upon hearing the story of tire alleged
trtrrtpcritrg from .litrr Castro-lllrtnco (a story
that as far as l cotrld tcll was several tirrtcs
rctrrovcd by the tittrc l was told). l was
trcttrctrdottsly trpsct and cotrftrsed. i did not
ktrow what to say or do. atrtl walked around
l.isa's party that night iii a da/c. trrtrllitrg the
thing over itr my mind. Shortly afterward.
.litrr Mitchell. who (ire said) could tell ftorrr
my distressed look that I had lrcatd. strm~
rrrortcd rrrc to the rrow-ftrrrrorts “meeting” itt
l.istt‘s stIilc. Your account of what followed
is essentially correct. with two c\ccptiotts:

I) i do not lL‘ttlL‘IltliL‘t ttgr‘ccimI to do
("WI/tint: tn the meeting except to await the
election returns. 1 “conspired” with no otrc.

2) (‘r'trig Wcitrstock Inter apologi/cd for his
thrcttt. llowcvet, ltc had still ttnrdc it and i
still felt intimidated by it.

When the elcctiott returns came in. irr-
(healing that l.istt had won by a margin three
times as large as the alleged tatrrpcritrg. l bird
to dccidc wlrttt to do. I cared nothing tor
\vlrttt tltc others would do. my decision was
personal and bttscd upon two considerations.

First. I was. its your rrrticlc stated. scared
by the lltl'cttl. Second. and no less important.
Was the fuel that l.isa was not rcsponsiblc tor
tttry alleged ttutrpcrittg. Were a trcw electron
to be held. l.istl would ptobttbly hrrvc bcctr
ruined by the tampering story. llil\'tttl~'~ “‘t‘”

 

Represent yourself
at
Wednesday night’s
Central CounCiI

meetinq

I
-

Watch the
proceedings over

the SA election
cover-up.

It’s
your

student

government!

 

7:30 CC 375

 

SA: et’s Get n With It

 

legitimately despite the alleged tampering.
slrc wottld have suffered tltc worst possible
pcrrttlty for something she did not do.

i did nothing brrt remain silent. I did not
cottttrrit any tampering. I had no part in
ot'grrrtI/ittg any "cruel-up." and l at no little
encouraged or discouraged anyone to do or
not do anything. My dccisiorr wtts for myself
alone, and was made with the trfotctrrcrrtiotr-
cd considerations itr ttrirtd. I had rthsolrrtcly
nothing to gain personally front my silcttcc.
as i did not plttrr to seek arty SA position of
arty l.inrl. rtot did 1 seek anything else from
SA tlrtrt my stlctrcc cottld have brought me.

As for the xlSl’ lidirorial Staff opirtiorr
that "trtrl'or'rurratcly. littlc cart be done" to
tire. l rttttst say that l cottsidcr this to be
tltllttt\\'vtltitttlL'tl and ovcrly jlltlylillL‘lllillul am
not a criminal or a cottspitatot. htrt sirrrply a
hunurtt being. trtrlrappily catrglrr itr n trcttrctr-
dons dilemma wlto ttt’ttlt' the best decision I
could utrdct' these difficult circutrrstartccs.

Rorr l‘t'arrk

Pissed At SA

To the Editor:

Well. it‘s surely splattered all over tltc
front page. Readers will invariably see it
before they get to the editorials. these last
slabs of frustration.

As the “Qrtnd-Otgtrrri/cr‘ of Sharon
Ward's Colonial campaign I cannot say it is
vindication l l’ccl. Aftct till. we lost didn‘t
we? l-‘or those of its connected with Sharon
Ward. the news of electron tampering by the
opposition is only a bittct-swcct tctrtirtdcr
tltttt tltc pcoplt- w c had, not k‘cd for turd with.

were lltc best.

As an acquaintance of | isa Ncwrntrrk till t
can feel is sorry. liltat lrct workers. her
“friends”. perpetrated tlrcsc shenanigans
(which were irorricnlly unnecessary) belrirtd
her back. can only be ttrr overwhelming
disappointment to her. With fticrrds like
that....

As tr student. l'rrr pissed off. ()trr so-callcd
leaders. who prrll this nonsense trttd tltcrr
complain about student apathy. have lost
tlrcit right to t‘cptcscttt us and lttt\’t‘jL‘tittltt‘tlt/~
ed the credibility of those irr SA who are con»
scientiousty committed,

Casey ticrntnrdc/

 
 
  

Newmark’s recently appointed commission has concluded its investigation of the
election cover-up. and the report has been placed in the SA president‘s hands. '

But while she chose to sit on the results for a day. the findings have spread like
wildﬁre throughout the Association,possibly to her dismay. The ASP can only hope
to have the service of receiving it soon,so as to present the results in full to the stu-
dent cotrrtrrutrity. -

At this poitu.wc rrrttst state that we are disgusted over the lack of respect we have
received as a trrcdia frorn the Association. atrd are furious over the continued attacks
at our credibility.

What we have l‘arncd on our own is that resignations were reconrtnended of Con-
troller Craig Weinstock. lntcrrral Affairs Chair Jim Mitchell. Senator and Court-
cilttratr Mark Ltrftryett - and Central Council Chair Mike Levy. The first three have
bcctr cited for l 'ttding roles in'thc initial conspiracy and cover-up. The added crtattor
of Mike Levy. we presume. is due to his failttrc to act appropriately as a Courier
Chair. Upon lcartritrg of the possible fraud itr July. Mike Levy declined even to ill
itiatc an itrvcstigation before tltc September dcadlitre for election invalidation. Thr
role of Council Chair is to check the executive branch.

While this was itrdcctl a grave error of inaction. and while the ASP strppot‘tsLht
Cttttttttls‘tltttt's findings. we feel that Vice Chair Brian l.cvy will also have to depart.

Brittrr l.cvy learned of thc itrcidctrl irr November. and as n coutrcil leader. lrc too
should have irrititrtcd a probe. l‘hc September stattttc of limitations has little hearing
as the SA Sttprcmc ('ortrt cart ptcsitlc rttrtl invalidate an election at any titnc. even

 

tomorrow.

l'lrc I'L'ttlitlltltlt' trrcntbcts of Council who chose scaled lips over honest tottgtrc»
should be ccnsutcd nud cottdcttmcd for such blatant paralysis llt acting as our str
dctn rcptcsctnaritcs. ltntrrcrlirttcly into the rtcw election year. their s ‘ttls should i
t'cl'illcd.

New mark and ( ‘ortncil ttrrtst stri\c to t'cstotc the Association to its feet. The r‘cprtr
calls for resignations. l'lrcy rrrttst call for tlrcrrr too.

What otrcc was hoped to bc tr speedy and hottest recovery has bcctr twisted itrto.
pairrl'ul saga. \\'c trrgc Ncwtuat'k to ccrrsc tr'otn gathering the advice of her" t'rookcr.
advisor's atrd to start making decisions on hcr own (or with rrctttral persons).

llcr' advisors have worked hard to build SA and they have implemented runny
benefits for students. Itrrt rlrcit contriring dccds have lost them the right to represent
students. .

l.cssotrs trrtrst bc lcttt‘ncd. students rrtrtst be set vcd, and fairly. l.ct's clean up and
ttrovc onward. .

 

 

 

Establlsllcd in 1916

Rich I. Htrhnr. I.ritirn ttr (‘lrrrtl
non Levy. Rob E. Grubmnn. Altttltttllllt] [tltlttl‘r

Mrt‘lrr'lc lsttrol
l..nrr.t l‘ttttt‘ttlllttr. Svlvirr Saunders
Stuart Mtrtrrrttgrr, Bolt O'lirirnr
Sir/inure (ierlrer
l’anl Schwartz
Bob Boll-allure
. . Steven Roltrtlt

News Editor

Associate News Editors;
ASPects Editors

Associate ASPects Editor
Sports Editor

Ailoclutc Sports Editor
Eduorrizlnlis?” Emu" . . . . . Aron Smith
anllliwritera: l’rrt lhrttrlr'v. Andrew (I. trill. llrllttltl llttrtrrrrttrl. Mtltt‘ l:i|t’tl. Mrttnccttt‘reotgt'. lid
(itrotlttrtrtr. eritttev (iortlrl. lorrl.‘ ls'olrrt. Atrrv ls’.rtrtot. Douglas |\'olrtt. [)eblni' Kopl. RtL‘lt Krnslow.
Susan Mrlligutr. ls'rrtlrc l‘ertllr. .Ir’lt Sr'lrrrrlrrll. llctlr Sttxr'r. Mike Williamson Zodlnc 8: Preview

Editors: (Trsrrrl Vollt, tlrittitt' ls‘lttttr
Debbie Kopl. litisrnr-ss Mrtoogct

. Stow (ioltlsleitr

. . . Llstr Applelmrmt
Bt-tnrlr- litrrtvrt. Muirrrtt linsplt'r

lrrtnr tiltrccltert

Advertising Manager

Billing Accountant
Assistant Accountant

Composition Manager

Sitch: litr lt Sr lirtrrrtntt-r. litr lt Srrlrrtsotr Classified Manager: liolrin lllrrclt Composition: Mlltt'
McDonald. Mtltit‘ llrorrr hr. Marilyn Moslrowrt/ Advertising Production Manager: Soc
llrrttsttrrrrr Advertising Production: l.illlll lirtrt-ltrotr. Motto Atntc Ctrlr'rvrtrr.‘ lrtrntrru (.n'urcr, .lou
(.iolrltrtttrrt l‘r'trtrv (Ili't'lt‘ult’ltt. |\'trtlr Mrtrsrlr'tr. l\lll(t‘ Mr'llottrrltl. .lov I’tt'lr'r. Sit-tic liolrnrs Office
Stu": lirnrrrtt' Str'vr'rrs. Str-vv litrltrtrs

Eric Knll. Vincent Alello, I‘rrrrlrrr tron bitttrtutt'ts
Elissa Beck. Lluu Boutglnrno. Joy Friedman. Assor itlls’ I'rorltrr trorr Altrrrtnp'rs

Dave lierrjtnrrttr

V -rtlctll Camera
t MtlillUll Monroe

Typist Extraordinaire

 

Paste-up: Sur- llt'tuttnritr. l)t’rtlt lir'tl. Mrttlt‘ ltrrlltmo. Typistu: liosr-trrtuyt l-t-rrrrm. Mrrrle
(irrlrrnltto, Scplctrrlrr-t l\'lr-irt. llr-lrlno l.irr'h. l)t-|>lnrr Schiller, Zttri Stolrl. l.rntr::' Wrrltttts Pro-
olreutlers: linrlrrtl (‘olrcrr, Srrr- l.ir‘lrtcnstrttrr. liobtrt l.rnttstcin. Arnold liciclr Chnulleur: Andy

Printer

o rt! III . sir 1 died nitrr'i rrrlltt lrtI llttttttetstttt l'lrrrlrr .St'ttttcr'

:li::ogru:)h:rs:Ilioorrrri- ls'trlltrltoll, lloh l.crrntutl. /\|trn (Idem. Karl Chan. Stew lissr-n. Mike
l:dl'ii'll. Mark llrrlelt. Mtrrt' llctrsclrcl. have Muclrsorr. Stew Nlrpo, Carolyn bt-dgwrclt. Sunrr
Stelnltrttnp. Sue ’l'ovlrrr. forty 'l'rrssarottt. Will Yunnan

'I'ltt' {\Ilrrttttt Sittrlt'nt l’tr'ss Ls [rrilrltsltr-tl r'ttcttt llvilt'xtltly tttltl I'itrlrtyt tlrrtttui lltt'fit‘lttitil porn by lllt‘
Allrrrtty Student Press (‘otprnrrtrrnn rrtt indr'pr-nrlr-irt tttil-/()t~]tttrfil r'rrrportrirotr l.rlttrrrtrtls tlrt' trrrtttr-tr
by the lirlttorvrrr (‘lrtr-I. police is subject to tt‘ttit'tlt by Illt‘ lfrlitotirrl Iiortrrl Mrrtlmg Address:

Albtrtrtt .Slrtrlr'trl l’rt'... (‘C 32‘). Mill) l'VtI-ﬁlllilultlll rlttr' . NV lZ.’ ."J
(Slr‘il 4578802

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

