 

 

iittAII-I' "7 sI-EAII‘A'I'
1 Your: cannon-noun

 Applications are now available

to be the Student Speaker at
Graduation.
‘I'hey can be picked u p in the
Student Association Office
(Campus (enter II6)

Senior Week Schedule

Tuesday — Last Night At The Rafters

Wednesday (afternoon) — End of
I Finals Party
(on Podium)

Wednesday (evening) . Class of ‘80
Night at

Saratoga Raceway

Thursday — Trip to Boston
— Trip to Montreal

editorial

 

 

 

Kennedy as Here - Think?

With campaign chaos, why Worry about opponents?
Ted Kennedy came to town on Wednesday, but students; because of lease and
careless platining on the part of his national and SUNYA campaigners, you missed a

 

 

 

great opportunity to see him.

Days before the candidate's arrival here, the big—time campaigners requested
speaking space on campus for an altered tirtie slot of half an hour (noon to 12:30).
Their rriistake, ironically, was to contact their SUNYA campaigners to organize the
affair. After a skimpy check with Campus Center officials. the students learned that
the largest rooms to present Mr. Kennedy in were filled. Telethon was sponsoring a
crafts fair iii the ballroorii and the Gym had its scheduled classes. So they took it no
fttrtlier and chucked the chance.

 

But had they pried a bit deeper (as the Jerry Brown campaign did monllis ago
when they made a deal with Telethon to ttse the ballroom) they may have come up

 

cure window's aittl doors, arid rrlso be aware
' at there is sonicorte ottt there who wants to
rt her.
Calling a man who scvurttly assaults
men a “tottclrcr” does not briiig home the
al danger becatrsc it does not emphasize
at this riiart (or men) can be very
tigerotrs. If such a tltiirg sliotrld happen to
U, don‘t keep it to yourscll! fell the police,
I eitcryone you know; because it is only by
V. itiiig that we will be able to stop this threat
ottr lives.

- Arr atreg \ictiru
re ASP based its information on (I report
ceived from the .-ill)uny Police who liilicllcil

go incident "a burglary. " Regardless of Illt’
tegory issue, we (lo recognize lllt’ i'itipor-
pnce of informing Iltt‘ \‘Itltlt’lll (‘ttltlltilllilly
hat the assaults, .l'l‘.\‘lltll or otherwise, llrt’ still
ontitrrtiitg. —— Erl.

First Time
'0 the Editor:

ASP readers may be interested in knowing
that Jules Levin, presidential canditlatc of

levels of activity. I‘licy look for this tuortey
from the Student l'it\. [hit there are no such
"extra" lav dollars available. lll other words,
the size of the SA htttlgct has not increased
although cticli of its parts has been seeking
needed increases at an c\ticrnc1y high rate.
llte tipcotiiiitg referendum is asking for a ti
[tt'l‘t't‘lll increase, which would stabili/c the
economic pressures brrilditrg tip for tire past
to c semesters.
l'he decision yotr are going to be asked to
make on Monday and l'ucsday will deter»
mine the quality of stttdcrit lite hcic lli.‘\l
year. the SA groups can provide as much for
you as you give them to work with. Atlrlctrcs
cart be successful attd equal only if the needed
ftrtrdirtg is there. $2.50 is not much to most
people; yct when wc all pitch in, we can share
a healthy pic. Please remember to V011: on
dinner lines and in tlic (‘aruptrs t‘crttct.
w Mike levy,
Chair, ('cnlt'al (‘ourtcil
7- llriari lc\_\'.
Vice ('ltair. Central Council

Choosing Excellence

with sortie luck. Telethon leaders said that they would have been happy to work
something pill for Mr. Kennedy. or at least consider postponing their show. As it
turned ottl, ‘l'eletltorr did not need or use the ballroomWednesday afternoon. Gym
atlrtiiriistrators, if confronted, would have also cortsidered cancelling their one ir-
regularly meeting teriitis class to hold the event there.

When it was also suggested that the campaigners hold the affair iii Page Hall, they
rejected this because of its distance frorii the uptown campus.

We, however, feel that wherever such a campus event would take place, the tur-
riottt would be criorttious.

So Mr. Kertrredy remained at the Empire State Plaza, and due to poor (if not nor.-
cs‘istent) publicin at SUNYA, there was little chance that you were able to catch him
there.

We find this lack of ptthlicity rather strange if one considers the large, active Ken-
nedy following which has arisen here.

At the Capitol, Mr. Kennedy spoke before a crowd of close to 4,000 for two
rrtititrtcs. (.03 seconds per person if yott'rc into figures).

Arriving nearly art hour late, it was feared that the candidate sliottld not speak
before such a large crowd iri strcli a small cafeteria. Secret Service inert then shuffled
the anvious mob into the mall for a grand two»mititttc ejaculation.

Kennedy organizers remarked that they cspccted less than 200 to attend. Yet this
cart hardly be the case when thousands of pamphlets were passed ottt in the Albany
area (excluding SUNYA nonetheless).

it would also seem that a quick speech is just as "risky" as a thirty—or sixty-minute
lecture, since arty crazy with violent intentions could accomplish their purpose in any
given time slot.

L ‘ r - . .
, the Socialist Labor Party in 1976, “I” be titl-

' .
v37
-Can0€  dressing classes starting on \‘Vetlncstltty,

“ March 12 at 10:00 iii the morning at Ulster
Friday  , Clambake at : (County Community College irrStone Ridge
Mohawk Campus

The remainder of the Kennedy rhetoric was imparted to a closed press, after hav—
ing denied the public his time.

And this, mind you, was described by ottr campus campaign hawks as "a suc-
[hc mum“ rm. \clmm” “m LINEN“ h), cess." How then. are we to imagine “a failure"?

“Man a“ munhcn “,- lhc “min” amp If Mr. Kennedy hopes to heighten his carirpaign, he will have to tighten it. it is in-
”,HM. m-L. .Hnrcmc' 1,11 luuninu|i“”\ “mu tcgral that proper platiriirig and organization be it central part of tile national, local,
made by students, and studcnts‘ corruucntsi 11nd camplﬁ BTUUPS-

We have criticized not to indict, smear, or hurt the man’s campaign iii any way (if
anything, it is a constructive criticism). lint we remain impartial to the candidates at
present. It riittst be riiadc certain, that the next titiie a presidential candidate cotnes
rolling into Albany, a gross injustice and mistreatment will not be performed upon
the academic community and the city at large. it is a disgrace to the public as voters,

(“cm H‘ mm.” "Non :in "W'mmmlch: m” as constituents, and as human beings.
computer print-outs. lhc awards committee

To the I‘Ztlllor:
l‘he Student Association l'cacliitigarid Ad-
vising Awards were conceived by sltrdcrtls,

 

which is located about 7 rriiles sotrrh of
‘ gston on Route 20‘).

This marks the/tiavt tirrre a Socialist [,ti/roi'
‘ Party representative has ever been iriiitcd to

' t address students at U(.'L‘C.
' This important event is open to the public
for free. There will be a question and answer
eriod, SLP literature, leaflets, and copies of
, the SLP paper, will he on

arm w \ch 

Present:

A 2nd
Rock & Roll

and evaluations are considered the tiiost irii-‘
portattt resource in tire selection process. l'hc'
Studctu Association Awards (‘otrrtnittcc has
cudctootcd to solicit student nominations by
placing two ads iii the .lSl’. hanging hun—

Friday (evening) — Boatride at
Lake George
Saturday (day) - Day at Riverside

Amusement Park

- Nathan Pressman
Organizer. Hudson Valley SIP

 

 

likewise has cucotttagcd slttdcnts' corirrrtcrtts
on the uninitiated teachers with ll half-page
SA   :td arid rt 4s5 ad iii the .-i$l’.

A few tltt_\s ago we, the SA. leaching and
Advising Awards Committee, received a copy
of the letter to the editor that appeared irt this
lucsdtt} 's ulSI’ cr'ilici/irrg the uorrtintrtiou of
:1 specific professor. Needless to say, we were
dismayed that this letter was directed to the
press and not to its, the awards corrirnittcc. It
is the awards cotnrtiitlcc that decides who will
tccci\c the teaching awards. not the ASP. \\'c
1rrll_\ consider any letter addressed to us,
especially those received bclot'c the selection
process had started. Of course, we weigh the
sincerity of each letter, how well each letter is
\erilicd by other letters or indicators, and the
rclctttrtcc of each letter to the teaching skill

Rich l. Behar, Editor-in Chit-I

Ronald Brent Lew, Rob E. Grubman. Managing Editors
. . . . . . . . Michele Israel

Laura Fiorcriiitio. Sylvia Saunders
Stuart Matratiga. Bob O'Brien

Suzanne Gerber
Paul Schwanz

Bob Bellailore

News Editor . .

Associate News Editors ,
ASPecta Editors ,

Associate ASPects Editor .
Sports Editor. . . .. . .,

Associate Sports Editor .
Editorial Pages Editor Steven Rolrilk
Copy Editor . . . Aron Smith
Stalin/fliers: l’trt lirnrrlcy. Andrew Carroll, lltrroltl Diamond, Mllﬂ,’ l'rtctl, Maureen George, Ed
(Soodrritrri, Larry Kuhn. Amy Karitor, Douglas Koliu, Debbie Kopl. Rich Kraslow. Susan Mrllrgarr.
Kathy l’ertllr. .lvll Sclrtrdoil. Beth Sexcr, Mike Williamson Zodiac 8: Preview Editors: Carol
Vollt. Jotmc Klein

To the Editor:
What are yott going to do this wcckcnd'.’
Are you going to the cortcctt'.’ Will you go to
' an on-cariipus movie? Do your plans include
4 playing on an irttrarmrral athletic tcam'!
' Maybe there is a good quad party going on.
Or you could be spending the weekend up at
Dippikill! Will you be listening to some of the
" .sliows on WC DB‘.’ A couple of the cultural
and academic groups have things going on
this weekend, too. Stocking up at the food or
record co-trps might be useful, And, we hope
not, bttt yott might need legal services or (In
ambulance.

If you have a chance, there are also quite a
few pttblicatiorts around carripus to check ottt
tiow arid tlicn. Speaker's, debates and much
tclivity by all of our student advocacy groups
are happening as well. And the nicest thing
tnay be that yoti ticed not empty your savings
account at the Credit Union to take advan-
tage of all these things!

[his is possible because the one thing
which all these diverse groups and activities
(and many more) have in common is the fact
that they are funded by your Student l'as.
l‘he entire intercollegiate athletic program is
funded by 22 percent of the Student las, or
about $180,000.

Another common characteristic of all these
groups is that inflation has hit them hard.
While inflation has bccrt spiraling by over 13
percent a year, the Student las. which must
ftttid them all, has not been increased itt two
years.

A“ groups face drastically increased costs.

to continne current

Saturday (evening) — Torch Night

Dance Party
at the

afters

Thursday, March 13
8:30 pm — 2:30 am.

You can’t buy your way in!
The only way to get tickets is
to win them from

CD

Listen For Details!

 

Debbie Kopf, Business Manager

Steve Goldstciri

. . . . . . . Lisa Applebauni
. . Bennie Brown. Miriam Raspler

. . . . . . . Fran Glueekert

Advertlsing Manager . . . . .

Billing Accountant
Assistant Accountant

Composition Manager

The Class of 1980 Council has voted to give
discounts on tickets and first ‘chance at
tickets to dues paying members, since only
25 percent of the Senior Class has payed
class clues. If you have not payed your class
clues as of April 1, 1980to the Bursar, you
will not receive these benefits.

—P1ease save your receipt of payment.
—Dues: Fall 1979 — $2.00 Spring 1980 — $3.00
—Questions: Call Dave at 457-7747

of each professor.

llrc awards committee takes ftrll respon-
sibility for ottr choices of recipients for these
two awards. We will not take responsibility
for which professor's arc nominated by tile
students. We do believe that even it nomina-
tion for these awards is an honor, even
though we are riot responsible for making the
noriiinations. Most of the teachers
riotiiiriatcd we believe to be cvcrnplnt‘y, ex-
emplary enough to motivate at least one stu-
dent to declare that their teacher is the best.

We hope that the letter previously rucn—
littlls'tl “ill “til Niki-Wm“! me ‘l‘L' him“! Ur Paste-up: Sue Benjamin. Dorm Betz. Mdllt' ltalrtrno, Typlnta: Rosemary Ft'riara, Marie
these awards, the only teaching award bitscd Gulrrtrttio, September tilt-in, Debbie Loci), Debbie Schiller, Zatt Siahl, Laurie Walters Pro-
tllso i olreudcrn: Rachel Cohort, Sue l.rcluvustcrri, Robin l.-\Iiis‘1u1ti. Arnold licrclr Chauffeur: 'l'orrr

Sales: lirch Sclronirigcr. Rich Seligsori Classiﬁed Manager: Robin Block Composition: Mike
McDonald, Marie Binncln. Marilyn Moskowitz Advertising Production Manager: Sue
llatrsrrrarr Advertising Production: Edith Berelsori, Marie Anne Calavito, Tammy Geiger, Joy
(,ioldstcin l’t'rrriy (irccnsteiri, Ruth Marsderr, Mike McDonald. Joy Prcicr, Steve Robins Ofﬁce
Sta": Bonnie Stevens, Steve Robins

 

Eric Koll. Vincent Aicllo. Production Managers
Elissa Beck, Lisa Bongiorno, Jov Friedman, Associate Production Managers

. Dave Betilaririn
. . . , . . . . , . . Marilyn Monroe

Vertlcal Camera . .
Typist Extraordinaire

primarily upon teaching ability. We
hope that the purpose of these awards is not
lost, that is to honor and to encourage c),-
ccllcucc in undcigttttlutrtc teaching.

Saline

Phologrlphv, stipirltt'd [ritrrripnlly ht- liirtr-ctsitu l'ltoto St'ttitcc
Photographers: lllmlllltl ls'ulakoil, lioli Leonard, Alan (Salem. Karl Chart. Steve lisscn, Mrlsc
litirrcll. Mark llnli'lt. Marc llt'risclrcl, Davi- Mtu‘lisotr. Steve Nutto, Carolyn firmlgwit‘k, Srrrnr‘
Steinkarnp, Sot- 'l'.iylor, Tony ’l’trssarotti. Will Yirrriian

Established 1916

 

 

 

 

 

SA Funded

lhc Student Association
leaching and Advising, Award
('onrmittcc

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

they need tiiore iitotr

 

, ».,.-..._.._.._._._..V.... -5.»

 

