- c. _ —~.—~ -—-:-:-:._._.C_- " 1g‘~:‘:_~c‘

" _,. ..\e .n. n

,;

 

 

   
   
   
     
    
   
   
   
    
    
    
      

“are. a a

\s. a. 

           

      
     
     
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
      
  
  
   
    
    
    
     
   
      
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
  

. Gary Sllverman

Unlversit Senator

This past Wednesday we went before a
Senate commission, asking for continued
student representation on the Senate. Per-
sonally. l have a problem with this request.

' I ﬁnd it hard to ask for, what would nor-
mally appear to be a natural right. Yet, as
we have seen in both the history of our
country and our university, political rights

must be fought for. The faculty’s wish to w and if all will not participate, a substantial

grant us representation and review it every
two years,seems to be as ludicrious as a bi-
yearly review of civil rights or sufferage.
This university is as much ours as it is the
faculty's. It is felt,‘ by a few faculty
members, not the students representative
- body is the central council and that the
Senate should be exclusively theirs. This
opinion is absurd. Senate decisions effect

the entire university, whereas the central_

council only effects the students. Clearly
the issue here is not the division of power
but rather, our ability to retain a democracy
in this university. Will we allow the univer-
sity to ruled? Can we allow an authoritarion
body to make our decisions? I say no.I and
the student body will say no!

 
 
  

we have made concessions and subor-
dinated our views. The time has come for a
change. The student body will accept
nothingless than full representation. But by
this we do not mean a student take over, or
even a 50-50 student~to-faculty ratio
(although that proposal might make the
most sense). We ask. noI demand, that the
status quo be maintained. This means that
the faculty would still outnumber student
reps by almost Z-to-l. We deserve nothing
less and we will stand for nothing less.

if the faculty chooses to reduce the
number of students, thus rendering our
voice meaningless, they may force us to
concentrate our power on areas outside of
the system. A reduction of senators, might
bring about the withdrawal of those they
allow. The harmonous relations which
might have existed will cease to, and then
the possibility for conﬂict will exist. The

 .we Will Not. Yield

tense atmospltere which will ensue might
cause the break-down of faculty~student
communication."lf this situation does not
seem threatening, one needsbnly to look at
the violence and turmoil that existed prior
to student representation.

The point I am trying to make is this: the
faculty should. not, and cannot,
underestimate the power of the organized
Istudent body.‘ We are ten thousand strong,

number will, at least enough to make a dif-
ference. I pledge that we will rise to this oc-
casion. Mobilization can take place, and
will, if necessary. The lobbying by students

to stop the budget cuts, and the rally at the '

_capitol are only some of the examples of
our ability to take action.

History has shown that when basic fun-
damental rights were granted and then
revoked, ntass rebellion has occured. This is
true of the United States. Americans refuse
to allow their voices to be repressed and we
are no exception. The student voice will be
heard, and the faculty’s decision will reflect
where it will be heard. University Senate
can function with student members. this is a
proven fact. Therefore. the faculty can

y
either allow us to remain a viable part of the
University community. and the decision
making process, or alienate us. causing the
repression of free speech and the free flow
of ideas. The choice will receive a set of
proposals concering student representation.
and senate structure. They will be asked to
order their preferences. choosing from
various options. 1 urge them to consider
these choices and make a wise decision.

Wednesday's meeting was filled with
students and the support for this issue is
growing. The faculty's vote will serve to
create the atmosphere which will exist on
this campus. If we are expelled, then the
hundred at the meeting will become a thou-
sand. lfa fight is what is necessary then that
is what will take place. The students will
prove that the faculty cannot end our
representation with the stroke of a pen or

 

ucr3 & QBK 

To the Edltor

We can sympathize with Jim Diamond

and WCDB. but we feel that he is not fac-
ing the situation realistically. By co-spon~
soring the Rockpile concert with WQBK,
Mr. Montanaro was acting on his better
judgement. and on behalf of the University
as a whole. if, by using these methods he
can secure better responses to UCB,spon-
sored events, it is to everyone’s benefit.

As well as working with the university
community. UCB works with the real world
to a much higher degree than probably any
other S.A. funded organization. In a world
of highly paid performers and profit seek-
ing competition, a non-profit organization
such as UCB must seek more efficient
methods of promoting and selling its pro-
duct. In reality. this move is a positive step
for UCB. Working, as it does, on a loss
basis, any actions UCB takes to improve its
income will benefit S.A. and the whole
university community. The gain from such
an improvement would not be profit. it
would go directly hack to the students in the
forth of more UCB sponsored events.
Wouldn't it be nice if UCB could tell con-
troller Sontach that they did not lose money
on an engagement? Any such improvement
would reduce the drain on S.A. funds and
make UCB events less risky.

In his letter to the editor (Nov. ll). Mr.
'Diamond said. “You've got to sacrifice
something to be unified." We feel another
sacrifice comparable to the $ll,000 loss
frotn the Marshall Tucker Band cottcert is
too tnttclt to make. Maybe WCDB should

 

 

make a sacrifice and understand.

—R0bert Folehelti
. -—’l‘homas Luslik
——l)ouglus Wolf

, .
Let 5 Be Serious
To the Editor:

This letter is in response to Jeanne
Marry’s (Nov. ll) letter condemning . . .

 

.Bu! Seriously Folks. Just because Marry

dislikes the editor of . . . But Seriously
Folk: and took offense at an article about
Pop’s Pizza. she insults the entire
magazine. Obviously . . . But Seriously
Folks, is not National Lampoon. The
writers did the bestjob they could. in fact, l
have even received a few compliments on an
article I wrote for the magazine. Apparently
not everyone shares Marry‘s view that . . .
But Seriously Folks is a waste of time.

If Marry does not like the magazine she
does not ltave to read it. Better yet, I would

 

 

the raising of a few hands.

like to see Marry write a humorous article

  
  
  
 

  

so we can all see how funny she can be.

An‘y‘moron can criticize other pent)!“

work, the trick is to come up um,

something better. l would like to see Jenn.“-

Marry come up with something berm,

(Judging from her huntorless letter to un-

ASP. l'doubt she can.)

—Attdy Sclntel'l'er
W7». .,
Peace Week
E1

'To the Editor:

Each day this country moves closer in n
nuclear apocalypse. Although we tlltend)
have 9200 strategic nuclear, and 20,000 tin;-
tical nuclear warheads, we irrationally pm
duce three to six more nuclear weapon. pct
day. To add to this insanity, (tur pnliritinns
like President-elect Ronald Reagan. tzrlk in
terms of escalating the nuclear arms race.
Vice President-elect George Bush talks
about "winning" a nuclear war.

“The U.S. is planning for a nuclern
war,” says retired Rear Admiral (It‘llt'
LaRoque. “We have nuclettrized our L‘llll
ventional forces. Seventy percent nt tIltl
naval combatants carry nuclear Weapons.
and Navy officers are prepared to use
them."

But a nuclear war cannot be won, or men
survived. A recent top-level U.S. gtnettr
ment study concluded that, at a minimum.
140 million people in the US and Ill
million people in the USSR would he killed
in a nuclear war. in such a conﬂict, the
analysis concluded. “neither side could
conceivably be described as a winnet."

According to Wednesday's New i'ml
Times, President—elect Ronald Reagan‘s nn
tional security advisers have advised thin
“the United States needs to have 'sut'tit Icttl
military standing to cope with arty lewl rd
voilence‘ around the globe.‘ "

Our bodies are what the military is hop
ing will give‘us “sufficient military stnrr
ding.” This is what draft registration is all
abouL

The SUNYA Peace Project is an
organization attempting to come to gtip‘.
withrthese grave problems. Our purpose r\
to promote peaceful relations of the United
States throughout the world and to cducttle
on the importance of non-violently solving
our problems. Obviously, the above facts
show that-our government is not attempting
to deal with world problems non~violently,
but instead advocates the use of destrucrirc
and senseless force.

Titus, November l7-Zl has been declared
“Peace Week" by the SUNYA Peace l’ro»
ject. The purpose of “Peace Week" is to
educate people on various aspects of will
and peace. The events planned to achieve
this goal are:

'Tabling in the campus center

 

 

 

 

 

L “CH
NUS
0F

GlRLS.

 

 

 

MUSlC REHlUPS ME OF GlRLS.

OUT Know How IH 601%
W THIS our

.. i.\'\.“§‘\ Vii?

. -...r,r.:.\\.\.i.,ry

Hr" i‘l'lil'lhﬁgc
it” /

  
   
  

 

 

’A . : :1!

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 

    
  
  
  
     

\\;\?\s\\ss.\\lil",i"r
‘u ,

so, . ..
.‘lliiitl’tllve‘ii’ r

      

   
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

.. ...—“-_..,.;‘r_:_......ju-..___.a“... . . .. .. . .-.. -t.

 

' mix “(A 'v {2:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

iblions .
n Of Euphoria»

Waterbury
Dining

Reviews
' Stuntman

Muddy Waters

George
'l'horosood

loan lotto

How
Does
Religion
Effect
You?

Diversions "

Hubert shoots,
Fred fails

& more...

 

 

 

 

See Centerfold

