    

 

 

 

    

  

a. .-..._

.‘TniviA TinCoucmr

    

1. Aspects May 9. 1980

   

Conner: OCnosswond
Movie 'Tirigcnblc'o FANTASTiC Foun 0' WCDB 0 PAC

, ENS CNS

 

Talloqu Penile

   

\

 

   

r.. .. C.

Page 12::

J.B. _Scoﬂ’c
May 9

May 13

May 14

May 15

May 16

May 18

May 22 .
Glcnc'l-‘cllc CC
May 15

SPAC

June 14

June 24

 

 

5 ~ Howie 'I'imetalplc

Alb-lit! Slut. Cincml CONTINUED

Cine 1 2 3 4 5 6
Little Darlings
Coalmlner's Daughter
Lady and the Trnirip
Kramer vs. Kramer

7:00. 9:00
7: 15. 0:40
7:00, 8:45
7:20. 9:30

Chapter Two 6.40. l): 10
Fifth Floor 7:00. 9:00
1200

Rocky l lorrot Picture Show

For: Colonic 
All That Jazz
Little Miss Marker

7'00. 9:15
7:01). 0:15

The Logic Puzzle

by How-rd P. Alvir. Ph.D.

Maybe. Hollywood will rediscover romanc .
After all. in THE ROSE. Bette Mldler lets lterseli look real-

ly awful. degraded. and incoherent. This Is the kliid other
people fall 11] love wtili iit real life, while in "reel" llle. the
same person looks great. wonderful. and wise even while dy-
Ing lrorti booze or horn an overdose.
ln PROMISES [N THE. DARK. she dies rioit~violeittly.
without violins. wrthout voyeurism, but romantically. This
"site" is not Bette but riiilillll‘l strong woman iiut lust to
make sure that this transition was not too .rbrupi. Marsha
Mason piils 111 a lianil-ntwtlown rule straight out of ’lV
‘ Al’l‘lillNOON 1_t NRA-DOCTOR reruns.
Should we turn to live theater? lti NIGHT AND DAY.
Maggie Smith llnts with love and liaison-r She is bottle but
witty and who She Nt‘L'lll‘v to have even more lun 111 illlilglil'
ed rorriances than in the real thing.

SllentMovle 7:30. 10:00

: Tow" .1.“ Chan. Fllrrts follow Itle.
Autumn Sonata 7:30. 10:00
Sunburn 7:30. 10:00

 

Madlnon
Apocalypse Now
Mohawk Mall

7:00, o no

CUE-D

Wltere tlte iiulfalo limun 72110.91“)

 

Rc f
t‘rom

Cross
Music

915i!

gldliitfl\.’;i,|Kii|illl" “girl-lg New ... Jazz on the

(ueeze ay ‘ . ‘ H I . .

Nils," Games l 730' (J m wcckciitls — Saturday

"A "cum." and Sunday. 5-8 pm. —ii-ll p.in.
Front Row Center —- lllC Undergr

World. Sunday. 2-7
p.rn. Blast front the Past

crcncc -
tltc Third

Notes front
ouitd - ll

 

This week TRIVIA TlME pays a
visit to the world of Doonesbury,
Here's your chance to test your
knowledge as you contemplate the
summer, lﬁaecial thanks to David
Berg-lain.
Michael Fuchez.) Adios.

1. Who gave Zortker ltis first joint?

2. Wltere is MlkrI from?

3. For what holiday did Mike need
a date a year in advance?

4. What number is .Jirnrny 'l‘hud- 1.
puclrcr's sweatshirt? 2

5. Who did Mao mistake Duke lot 3- 4
when they met? 4

(i. What was Joanie's husband's 5
name?

7. How many years was Zonker a 7.
junior in college?

bl What are tlte tuunes oi Duke's
dohet'ntaits?

9. What is Michael Doortesbury's
yotutger'brotlter's rir'utie'.’

by Vincent Alcllo

' concert Garner ' I

Blood. Sweat. and Tears

Pousette-Dart Band

Blotto .
Todd Hobln Band
James Montgomery
Manhattan Transfer
Buddy Rich

. Cheap Trick

Marshall Tucker
Boz Scaggs

 

 

'l'rivia 'l'ime

 

Kevin Fee. and,

 

 

 

 

None
. Sltazant

. Mouse

A

i. Uncle

10 Why did Bl) eitllst to light iii

Answers to lost iriuek

. Yellow -

Alice the Goon
H. Tess 'l'rueltart
9. Riv‘erdale
10. Flash Gordon
This is the last ASP oi the year. so
there are no personals to give away,
V Answers to this quiz will be available
upon request.

 

   
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Live —- Saturday. it pm. pm. - I am. Vietnam?
ACROSS 112 Cocksure 10 Annual llnks '  
43 Lay —- the line tourneys
1 ﬁtrupgled for air :14 "but Mir — du 11 "— Joe " h M 0 ma: Egc EYES!“ H ,, u
7 "Sound of Music" Schoen" Ii Tl-llcrnss film "y ' ' l’ in” “V ' “' I
totally name 4r) Sheet music (4 wris.) 0 1H”. (riinllncvl. AWIM l'llt‘ﬂl't’ ' Killl'ltt
12 instruction from notations 15 llitr'oqen compound Tuna,

Jack LaLanne 46 New York campus 16 The face that . r r ' . s , 7 -- ,
13 Passover hook initials launched 1.000 ships ’ MW 2’ H.301) m“ Mm” smg‘ H"
17 "A —- Horn" 47 Tradan centers 20 i‘cntateuch U"'W"'”V “Wide
18 build castles in 48 Part of EPA (abhr'd 2’2 ——-— Romeo m Mai/U.8:1itip.rtr..l’nqe Hall 7 lilarlt

the air 49 Walk 24 Like "To a Skylark” Wampmy
1‘) Tara root Fri Part of a printing 26 Dumbbell m M, 1.5 mm _ '1“

2’0 Efforts press 27 "...r_\xclaim —— "V " ' "l m ‘ “cm” "H
2] Hurt 53 Even a score drove out of sight." ° Mini College Lecture Series. Leonard
72 Give — (care) (2 wds.) 2’9 Ration Kristie,

2] Nebraska lndlans 54 Play the market 30 (Jiflclal proceedings ‘

24 w of shoppe 55 Relative (it '12 Devastate

?5 tennis Anopheles 1 Queen of lioarts' ” J 0 D 11 A l D L A l’ A

26 l’rultihitionists 56 Noah and llallacc specialty [, r. A r; 'r p [3 [3 M I '

27 Madison Avenue 34 Bit of politeness h L; ~ 0 T H I: N r. 0 c

employees DOWN 35 Tavern inventory I. R 0 U I. ‘ A R .l. I C
Ell Andy Capp's mlssis 39 "The Rise of —- ——A—— ' ,_ ——

29 Disappointed 1 U.S.0. trcrruurrters Lapham” £_.§_._~ U R N l _7.0 0

expression 2 Waiting room 40 "Once upon ———-..." ___Y ii I N A H U ' F L
30 Like or that 3 Til—Across film 41 its own reward i 5 S L N 13 R EC '1‘ 0

(2 wds.) (4 wds.) 42 ilccnrd protector S 1: M M L: [3 it
.‘11 Familiar 0/ profile 4 Absulve 4!] illeated n : 1

2 wds.) 5 Thomas Stearns — 45 Part of a play  I L  I. ,l.  Y 3L:—l%

36 Car 6 French preposition 117 French miss (abbr.) .——« 2.. — ‘ -. ~——«

37 iloopster Archibald 7 31-Across film. 50 Miss ilarjen Ali/i arc 1’ l ” h -AL;

38 Deer "lie —" 5 ie 0 A T M I ll 13 R (I

39 Thompson or Hawkins El Car accessories 87 Football positions 5 'l‘ 1’. ii 1 G A N i Y

41 — itrutia Ralston 9 James and larrrnie (abbr.) H p r, 1 t, i. Y E t: t)

.lul tin Lolleg ate — S Y N 12 s M l l? M N

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
   
   
 
      
            
          
             
   
       
    
    
   
             
          
   
   
    
   
    
  

retorts to the question,

“And where is your paper?”

1) It's going through my dog’s digestion process.

2) it's going through my mom's digestion process.

3) Your guess is as good as mine.

4) You mean it's today?

5) Ask Stu Matranga. He made me stay late at the ASP. so i

couldn't finish it.

6) Oh wow man. like it's generating within the thought cells of

my brain. Farrr out.

7) Deep beneath the hyawatlia,

8) Far above Cayuga's waters.

9) Somewhere over the rainbow.

10) Right here in my looseleal binder ma'am. Yes. I did my

paper on time like a good little nerd —— not like some people i

know... . '

Dear Vin. Arnold. Andy. Diana. Beth. Mary. Debby. Bever-

wycli. and the rest of SUNYA.

We had one helluva great three years here. Let's (lo it again soirietiine.
it's been real, Seth

Dear Barry. WE LOVE YOU VERY MUCH. Good luck in

grad school. Lovc always. 209,

l. "I Doug! I

 Dear Morn. Happy Mother’s Day. Love Stu.

Dear Stu's Mom, Thanks for the cake and breadstlcks. Love, llob

M If . ll's alienutlluldayllﬂue, S.M.

  

The Aspects Io most popular_

l'l'he Fantastic Four

 

WITH THE ICE-HA6 MENACE ENDE

D AUTHORS STEVE AND CHARLIE DECIDE TD PRESENT

 

i. no H“:’

    

  
 
 
 

is
m

 

 

'-- ‘-'|ll 1'” ml!

n1? i031" 

   
  
   

 

. .lru» r '
 of; '  l ’ 

| J. . ," v  I
 .‘d

       
 
 
 

0' ' . «ill-17:571. 1")
rare» on us: ruE FALL—erupts AW!

FANTASTIC
FOUR ,. ‘
SAVE EARTHl q ‘f ' I
' ‘ r

rtiAN HUM“. i'IXiflil'rlliN 

A COLLAGE OF MATERIAL SELECTED FROM THE FIRST NINETEEN ISSUES OF rhc Fantastic rams.

it a ilimvilmrru‘ 1101100411114
alumna...” .mwawru...)
. m. n. t... ... ..

    

 

m
.‘l

   
  
  
  
   
  

 

  

.. V1" :-
l’hy/ ‘

 1. y
' light} 1.1

 

       

      

TWO 0E

 
  
    

rig.
_ r’l 
.. i.

t. w

are”

L

ELYSE SCHIFF IS

THE LONG LINE OF

T0
(70 HOME; A FouRrN
MEMBER OF THE
6 NGER
NEEDED. ROBIN WILL
PERVOHM THAT FUNCTION.
' HE'D LIKE to TAKE THIS LASF
ASP-0P
TUNITY l0 THANK EVERYONE
. WHO 11/15 M DE
The Fantastic Four
POSSIBLE/1ND FUN THESE PAST

1

i sewer ’ MESTE .

t some. ROBIN GERTZIS JAY GISSEN,
r 5w MATKANGA,

w: wouco NOT HAVE BEEN 1M r115 PA PER

L'dﬁ'om  +[1Wa/W mar

, .. I. .
’ $663M THANKS ro llAROLD"lX)C".5fEllNL1cHT. tumour
‘ r A

TYING UP THE
LOOSE ENDS:

SUPERHEROES r/mr
r5 WAIrINo
OUTSIDE OF
(THE AXTER

£ r0 BE

I5 ASKED

KOUP IS NO L0

 

THE - SEMESTER OPPOR-

K’) E.‘JPECIALLY:
scorr SNYDER.

 

 

./

l
“J y r
'r

 

 

 
 
  
      
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
    
    
  
  
    
     
  
    
    
     
  
 
   
 

    
    

 

unconsciously. as a home. Slowly. but
unstoppably. the spirit of the city will revert
back to what it was four years ago.’simply a
place to visit. Similarly is it with SUNYA.

Onc never really considers hi leaving; so
many miles of days act as cushions to the iri—
cvitablc that it seems like it will never truly
occur. You can become so coiniuced of 111C
detachment of graduation front tire scheme
of reality, that. even if you try to convince
yourself that after this month it will be all
gone. part of yort refuses to understand and
accept it. Whether you accept it or not.
however. you are picked up by the tide of
events. and get wuslicd otil through the doors
of SUNYA's hallowed halls.

“if you have lived iit Albany its a young
mart, it stays with you, like gum stuck to the
sole of your shoe.”

To The Losers

To the Editor:

Unfortunately there must be a candidate
who loses in aStudent Association. Unfor-
tunately. because no on loses iii a Strident
Association election. students mcrcly select a
platform which is more akin to the way they
would like to see policy implemented.

Gary Schatsky. Jane Sidoti, Jeremy
Carlson, Jim Castro-Blanco. Frank Baitman.
and Dean Bctz, thank you. Thank you for br-
inging up ideas which students wanted to
hear. You too made a promise to students.
You promised them that you would continue
to ﬁght for their rights and students stip-
ported you for that; don't let them dowrt.

There are many who say SA is a clique. it‘s
not a ctiquc if you students along with those
people who supported you get itivolved. Stri-
dcnt Association is in need of all the help it

 

       

can get. You are the force which drives it.

To those who hate SA. it's time to make
your fccliitgs known. Suc Gold has promised
to open SA tip and you should be at tile head
of tire line waiting to open it tip. it's a new
admininstration which has made some new
promises artd it's your opportunity to
become part of it.

To those who have worked for winning
campaigns. remember. utilize all yotir
resources. Your candidate promised we
students an opportunity to be heard; force
her to keep that promise. _

There is much work that needs to be done
and many accomplishments which have yet
to take furrn bttt we can do it if we work
together. Our strength lies in our ituittbcrs as
tinitcd students. Lct Student Association
work for you next year with your help.
guidance, and your support.

Upwards and Onwards.
ira Somach
Steven Topal

ASP vs. SA!

Dearest Student Association.

You have one final chance to prove your
strength, effectiveness. and integrity . . . on
the ballficld. of course!

Monday at 4 p.m.. on the fields behind
Dutch. be ready for a contest. And you. stu~
dent body. are officially invited to watch the
demolition.

We‘ll supply tltc players‘ home; we want
to make the outing as pleasant impossible for
the out-of-shape SA learn.

Til tltcn.

 

Love littd Kisses,
'l'lie ASP

 

 

 

 

 

 

Student Plea To

SUNYA Faculty

 

 

Help! Help!

On Wednesday. May 7. 1980 the faculty
body. by two votes. decided itot to allow tlte
clceted student senators to trike office as of
.lrily 1. 19130. It is a misnomer to say that
faculty decided the question of student
representation because faculty members
didn’t have an opportunity to cycn debate the
question fully. _

:udctits are blamed for using parliamen-
tary procedure; however. it was a faculty
member who called for a quorum when the
motion for a l-year extension for student
rights was on the floor. Stlidents are blamed
for caucusing before University Senate
meetings; however, it was the faculty
members who came armed to prevent student
representation on the Senate.

We don't think the faculty spoke Wednes-
day. Wc think that a small minority of facul—
ty members. unhappy with their lackluster
performance at Senate meetings. was fighting
back in tire only means tltcy knew, denial of
open expression.

True. students do represent at majorin at
some Senate meetings, brit that's not because
they overwhelm the faculty. brtt rather.
because students place their role ill the gOVCF
nancc structure of this university as a priori-
ty. Students want to be active participants in
making and improving the policy that affects
them.

True, students caucus
meetings. not to crilliidc and plan strategy.
but to become well informed on lllL‘ issues. it
is very rare to see a student who comes to :1
Senate meeting without his packet.

l-‘aculty argue that they have been denied
their only forum on this campus. lJnfoi~
tiuititcly. the facts don't back that up. l-"uculv
ty members control the Senate lil two ways.
first, by their majority. and second. by the
fear that students have that they may he
removed front the Senate at any time.

Unfortunately, no faculty member
brought up the fact that CS] 203. originally
sltttcd its a liberal arts course. almost lost its
status. This would have caused a revamping
in the Accounting program. This change was
brought up by a student. No faculty member



before Senate

brought up the fact that internship guidelines
were sent back to committee becaitsc students
realized it would directly affect the standings
of such programs as Medical 'i‘cclurology and
Social Welfare.

This campus is very prrigrcssivgiii tttuclt of
its legislation because it allows students to
have a meaningful input in the process.
Students don’t merely contributeziri councils
and committees brtt they ltclp to actively
evaluate legislation on the Senate floor as
well.To alienate student participation. by not
allowing them to speak on the body which
supervises their work, is unethical. Students
have two options iit pursuit of changes on
this campus. Tltey can work witltitt the
system, as they currently do. or they can

work outside of the system as they were forc-'

ed to do in the sixties. The options are clear
to students. brit we relinquish to [lie faculty
the mode of student participation they would
prefer.

We don't think lltc faculty has spoken. We
don't believe that a vote merely cast by a
small minority of the voting faculty is iii-
dicative of the way you feel.

My colleagues and l truly believe that the
faculty appreciates the conscientious effort
which students have consistently ptil out.
Students tllid faculty have worked as equal
partners lil passing legislation which knows
no author.

I‘lic issue has bttt one more forum. 'l'ucs-
day. May I]. 1980. lliL' faculty will have the
opportunity to spcarl out; to say to the
University and to universities in the future
ilirit to zilicnutc strident voting rights is not
the way to accomplish productive elutiige.
l-uculty. we need your help. Please don't
allow a minority of your spokesmen to
delegate to you and your university how they
believe it should be run.

l’letisc mine to the faculty meeting Tues-
day. May 13. at 3:30. A quorum of 237 facul-
ty is needed or your vote will be denied.
I’Ieuse .rupporl continued Slur/en! representa—
(ion.

Rich Ntiglc
Steve Toptil

lra Sorntrch
Neil Gelfiind

 

 

 

 

Blamed ForCaring

For the first time in twelve years, students have been voted off the
University Senate by faculty members (114-112). Onedtas to wonder
what students did to deserve this tally. It couldn’t be apathy; student
senators show up at three times as many meetings as their faculty

counterparts. It couldn’t be lack of accomplishments; student
senators have generally been effective in guaging student opinion and
translating it into coherent voices on the floor.

it could be that some faculty members are tired of having to deal
with such competence. The University Senate is SUNYA’s system of
governance: it creates policy which effects all the factions of the
university. There is no question faculty members deserva to be on the
Senate. They work here. Students go to classes and live here, and they
too should have a voice in decisions which affect them. It’s only
logical.

That argument alone is so powerful that all excuses given by faculty
opponents fade in comparison. One gets the feeling that students are
being punished for being well-organized and competent. Or perhaps
for shortcomings of the faculty.

When student voices were being quellcd in the ‘60’s, rebelling
against and attempting to tear down the system became popular. it
was not realistic, however. and working through the system was the
viable alternative accepted by all factions. Now that students voices
ltavc been muffled again. where do we go when there is a problem with
University policy? After proving that they could act responsibly for
twelve years in an equal forum with faculty. wlty must students have
to fight to be heard once again?

if the faculty would like their own independent voice. a suggestion
is to forttt their own association — but when it comes to University
policy, it is only fair that studcuts have participation. it is the only
way Senate can retain integrity as a truly representative policy-making
body.

President Vincent O’Lcary. who recently pledged support for stu-
dent participation, has called a faculty meeting to discuss the matter
next week. it is essential that all faculty members attcrtd this meeting.
To the 112 members who voted for tire students, here is a heartfelt
word of thanks. Let’s hope that many of these other faculty members
care enough about this university to show up and work towards rcvcr-
sing tltcir regrettable decision.

 

 

 

Establiuhed In 1916
Rich l. Bell-r. Edilrir-iri-Chie/

Rob E. Grublnln, Illunrnpng rim/m
. . . . Laura l-‘lorentlno. Sylvia Saunders

. . . Susan Milligan. Beth Sexer
Stuart Mntrringa. Bob O'Brtan

Rob lidelsleiri. Ron Levy
Paul Schwartz

Bob Bellaliore

Ncwc Edlton
Allocl-tc New: Editor.
ASPcctc Editor. . . . ..

Alloclltc ASPcctc Editor-
Sportc Editor . . . .
Accoclctc Sports Editor. .
Editorial Page: Editor . . . Steven Rolnik
Copy Editor . , . . . . . 4. . . . . . Aron Smith
Sllffwrllcrl: Pat l‘iraulev. liellt Carnitiaralrt. Kerr (Hinton Andrew Carroll. Harold Diamond.
.lurlic Eisenbt'rg. Mark lrl‘al'llulli. Bruce Fox. Maureen tierrrge. .lay Gisseit. lid Goodman. Whitney
(iortlrl. Eric timber. Mint llaspel. Michele Israel. Lnr / Kalui. Amy Kantor. Douglas Koltn. Debbie

 

Kopl. Rich Kraslow, Kathy l’crilll. .lrzli Srhadoil. Marian Weisenleld. Mike Williarrtson Zodiac It
Prevlcu/ Editor :('.irnl Vollt

Debbie Kopf. Business Manager

. . . . . . Steve Gcldsteln
. . . . . Lisa Applebaum
liennie Brown. Miriam Raspler

Frau Glur't‘keil

Advertising Manager

Billing Accountant
Assistant Accountant-

Compoalllon Manager

Sales: lllt h Htvliqsnn. Strive (iortlvr Classiﬁed Manager: Robbin Block Composition: Mike
Mrlionalil, Marilyn Moskoivri/ Advertising Production Manager: Sue Hausnian Advertis-
lng Production: liilult iii-rulsorr. Marie Anrw ('olayito. Jarret [‘Jxr-ilriss, Tammy Geiger. .loy
(inldsteui. l’i'ntu; (lrt’i’ll‘rlt‘lll. Rulli Marsdi'n, Mike McDonald. .lov l‘ruler. Steve Robins Office
Stu": liiniriu' “iii-veils

Vincent Alello. Elissa Beck I’riiilirrtmrt Mrirrrrgrxrs
Lian Bonglorno. Joy Friedman zlssur'itrrr- Production Managers

, Dave Benjamin
. llunk's Chick

Vertical Camera . .
Typist Extraordinaire .

Pulle-up: Sue lienpinun. llean Beta. Marie ltaliano. Tvplctc: Rosemary Ferraro. Marie Car
barino. September Klt‘llt. Debbie Loeb. Debbie Schiller. Laurie Walters Proofreader-z Rachel
Cohen. Mitchell A Greebel. Sue Lichtenstein. Rohin Lantsteln. Arnold Reich Chluﬂcun Rich

Russell

Photography, Supplied prlnclpolly by Urtiucrslly Photo Service

Photons-photo: Roanne Kulakoll. Bob Leonard. Allen Calem. Karl Chart. Steve Essen. Mike
Farrell. Mark Halelt. Marc Henscliel. Dave Mbcbson. Steve ngro. Carolyn Sedgwlck, Suna
Sleinkamp. Sue Taylor. Tony Tassarottl. Will Yurman

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

