 

 

 

 

wcoB Needs Unity

 

. To the Editor: .
Readers of the Friday, November 7th
‘issue of the ASP saw the “Open Letter to
SA Funded Groups," concenting the need
for a University Programming Board.
This cause is an admirable one, and i
cannot agree more with the principles that
are behind these goals. WCDB has sought
to work, not only with SA groups. but with
any~group that serves the students of the
University. Such groups include Telethon,
AMiA. the Record Coop, lFG. ASC, Delta
Sigma Pi. in the past. University Concert
Board; as well as anyone else that has
beneﬁted from. at least. free publicity.

This “open” letter. however, read after
learning that the University Concert Board
has gone to WQBK-FM to co-sponsor the
upcoming Rockpile concert; when campus-
run WCDB was already the co-sponsor for
that show (as well as all recent past shows)
ltas a distasteful irony to it.

it cannot be debated that WQBK-FM.
with its thousands ofwatts and commercial
status, will have more listeners than the ten-
watt. student run-volunteer WCDB. But as
fellow students. we believe we are primarily
serving a narrower audience: the taxpaying
SUNY student. We can’t boast of having
professional DJ's or benefit from the
weight that advertising dollars can push on
local entrepreneurs. But we can datttned
well try to compensate. (it is interesting to
note that WCDB was considered enouglt of
a force downtown for UCB to cut us from
co-sponsoring the Marshal Tucker Sitow
when promoters sought to limit the show's
availability to non-University concert goers.
When ticket sales retnained low. WCDB
was reinstituted as a co-sponsor.)

The group leaders writing the letter are
"concerned with the lack of unity" among
SA groups. They ltave a rigltt to be concern-
ed. lt is a serious problem that is squander-
ing our student tax dollars. But what is uni-
ty? i believe it means being allied with a
specific purpose irt ntind. in this case. it is a
“banding together" to maximize the poten-
tial of all student~funded programs.

How does University Cottcert Board go—
ittg to an outside profit-making entity fit in-
to the “banding together" that the letter
urges. when there is an SA funded group
that serves the very same purpose? You
desire to “pool resources." yet you en-
courage actively supporting a station cort-
trary to that one already existing under tlte
same source of funding.

Achieving uttity means giving up one‘s
selfish narrow goals for the benefit of the
larger group. when rtecessary. UCB will
defirtitely receive some free advertising

from WORK-FM for their co-sponsorship.
But what happened to the additional $500
that Central Council approved for publicity

:for this Rockpiie show? And will more
regional publicity mean more sold UCB .

tickets? Or does selling concert tickets have
something to do with picking shows that
SUNY students can support?

You’ve got to sacriﬁce something to be
uniﬁed. A few years of radio experience has
shown me that professionals in the concert
promotion ﬁeld are often selﬁsh. greedy,
and naturally out for their own benefit. But
when it happens with a student-run outﬁt.
seeking unity and then turning their backs
on fellow students, it is a’highly negative

statement on the future.
—- Jim Diamond

WCDB General Manager
I I
A $4.00 Bargain
To the Editor: '

Well it took a while but finally there is
sortte grumbling, as well there should be
some. When l took the position as Editor cf
Torch '80 i realized there was no way to
please everyone and still produce the
estltetic stateme.... So l decided to please
myself and come out with the best book l
knew ltow. Besides. what did you expect
for four dollars?

 

 

 

l have rto excuses or glib explanations
since none are really necessary.

Mr. Seligson's remarks are his opinions
and.l havgminc (did you ever ltave the op-
porturtity to read ottc of iris sport stories for
the ASI".’). in the irttntortal words of Yikes

Crawford. “Opinions are like assholes;

ctcryonc has one and they all must be
aired."
Thanks for letting me air my ass —— I
mean rtry opinion.
— Tony Tussnrotti
Torch '80 Edi/(tr

 
 
    

 

Torched Again

To the Editor:

l am another graduate who waited and
waited patiently for a yearbook and then
got it and decided it wasn't worth the wait.
What so angered me at first was the scarce
amount of photos (plus the lack of cap-
tions. which could have either identified or
helped to explain them). For some strange
reason, most pages had only one photo on
them. ‘

Not only were certain aspects of SUNYA
barely touched on (dorm life. classes. par-
ties). some. due to lack of photographic
evidence. were totally misrepresented. The
two largest (if not always the most popular)
sources of SUNYA Communication. the
ASP and WCDB, got one photo each
(although the former ASP editor got
enough pictures of himself to start a fan
club). Telethon was made to look like a
stage show featuring girls in designer jeans.

What is more infuriating is that so many
pages were devoted to wltat seerued like
pure self-indulgence on the part of tire
Tore/r staff. i am not going to debate the
artistic merit of Used Corn. but did it have
to fill up l3 pages? What about the page
with “CLONES” written all over it?

How about some photos of someone
teaching a class? l realize this may be art
unpleasant reality to face. bttt sorrte of us
did attend classes during orrr four years.
sortie of which we actually enjoyed. If the
Torch staff wants to pttt privatcjokes itt the
yearbook. fine, but not at the expense of
rrtore important facets of SUNYA life.
Clearly. tlte staff's priorities need examin-
irtg.

People buy yearbooks so that in the
future they cart look back on the college
years. remember the school and its
residents. and perhaps ltavc their mentor :s
refreshed, when thought of SUNYA are far
frotn their minds. it's going to be awfully
hard. irt say 10 or 20 years. to remember
tnuclt about college with a yearbook tltnt
lcttrcs ottt so much artd explains so little of
what‘s left irt.

— l)rtvld (ioldmun
C loss of '80

Study Time

To the Editor:

Tltc College of Saint Rose is goirtg to
close its doors to SUNYA students starting
December I. i980. Ottr administration has
shown by its solution that it does ttot cont-
prehcnd the detrimental affects of this dcci-
ston.

Suggestions have been proposed to ex-

 

 

pand study facilities on Dutch Quad
demonstrating that they do not even know
who is being affected by the new CSR
policy. Perhaps it will surprise the Universi-
ty hierarchy. but not all students live in the
sterile, white concrete compounds uptown.
There is a FIFTH quad! The red bricked
buildings of ALUMNl QUAD house Over
one thousand students.

The students on SUNYA‘s oft-forgotten
quad have traditionally faced shortages in

available study areas. We coped with such »

problems by using not only all of our
lounges but even the Walden cafeteria. Tltc
CSR library (“up the block") was refuge
for additional students and an integral part
of our solution. Now we are being denied
this option.

We need to develop viable, downtown

alternatives to alleviate this pressing pro-
blem. I call upon the administration to corr-
sider implementing the following:
‘ oFirst. the University mus! expand
security on the Alumni-Draper Ctttttplcx.
This will make it safe and feasible for
downtown students to use the Draper crun-
pus at night.

oSccondly, the hours of SUNYAK
Hawiey Library mus! be extended so that
they reflect the studying needs of those
students living off campus and on Altrrtttri
Quad.

Time is of the essence.

—— Stephen M. Nugci

 

Considerate Prof

 

To the Editor:

There is a light. Witlt daylight saving»
tinte underway. it is geiiing dark when I go
to my 4:15 class. and it's pitch blrrck wltcrt |
get ottt. Scary. huh?

No problem. Evert if security won‘t help
out the womcrt of this university, it scents
that the faculty will. At 5:35. after the class
material was completed. do you belictc
this, my teacher had this to say:

“1 have almost art hour until the out
class that l teach, you know. so if rmyouc
would like. l'd be more than ltuppy to dr i\ c
dowtt to tltc Draper dorms and swing back
here. l'd make it irt time. if anyone would
like a ride ltortte irt the dark."

l thirtk that's sweet. l think Dr. l)(liliiltl
J.D. Mulkcrnc should be commended for
his extremely considerate offer to his clttx'.
of all females. Sorttcortc is on our side.
ladies, someone is sympathetic to our pro.
blcm.

Thank you very much. Dr. Mulkcrnc.
tltat was very considerate of you.

— Nutne Withheld Upon Request

 

 

 

 

 

 

or; we
homes 3‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Not Very Funny

To the Editor: '
This letter is in reference to the . . . But
Serioust Foljrs “humor” magazine that in-
'vaded the SUNYA campus late Tuesday
night (November 4). i believe that the
deliverers of this magazine had to sneak the
copies into the various buildings around
campus — that's how bad the edition was.
The paper went downhill from the
editorial page (which was page 3) to the end

(which was page 16).
First off. the editor. a Mr. Bruce Fox.
rattled off an editorial about how co-ed
.dorms are screwing up everyone‘s sex life.
He must be crazy. After all, he lives on
Hudson Ave. What could lie possible know
about co-ed living in the dorms?

 

 

but
seriously

folks...

the Inmtom int-unmo-

  

 

Sl'l-lilltil. I‘UIJ'l'iiI/U. ISSI‘I:

 

 

 

Secondly, a Mr. “Joe Scrottgc" — which
is a fictitious name — writes it degrading lif-
ticle about l’op‘s Pizza. ercrt I approach-
ed a writer of this “humour” mugtt/irtc, he
informed me that the reason they did a
story on Pop’s l’iun was because 'hcy had
a 16 page magazine and only l5 pages of
material. is that 'a fair way to choose an ar-
ticle?

l agree with “Joe Scrongc" on it few of
his observations of Pop". l’ixxu bttt l lmvc
to criticize him ltcttvily for labeling the
patronage as “gruff.” The gentleman who
waited on him ltttppcns to weigh 3(X) lbs.
plus. it is quite difficult to be dainty when
yott are carrying crtotrglt weight to be tlrc
next Goodyear blimp!

The rest of tire article about l’op‘s Ply/u
is totally irrclcvartt.

Tltc article on l’op's l’i/Iu was written in
poor taste as was tltc rest of tire rrtttgttlinc.
lttstcttd of printirtg a ItlilgttllliC'llllll would
be crtjoyultlc for SUNYA students. all we
did was waste ottr valuable time reading it.
More importantly though. the founders of
. . . Btu .S‘criously I’M/ks are wasting trccs.

~ .leunue Murry

 

Library Loses

 

To the Editor:

()Itlir'iday.()ctobcr31 at l:()() pm l rrtct u
fricnd at tile entrance to the libtttry. During
the course of ortr ltricf conversation a stu-
dent walked ottt of the library cruising tltc
alarm to sound. The worttmt employed at
tile entrance to the library complained to
her friend than “they ttlwrrys do llltll. lcrtn't
sttmd it."

I can't stand it either. it‘s c\ttcmc|y tut-
noyitrg rtot to be able to use or find books
Which the library owns ltcctrttsc they‘ve
been stolen. It's no merit wonder that
hooks tttc stolen when pcoplc likc this
wonttttt fail to «lo tlrcit iolt. I hope tltttt lll
tltc ftttttrc. tltc lilttutv employs more com
pctcttt people in thin pitslllttll; people who
Will assure that only t'lt:ttgctl»ottt books
leave the library and lltttl when the alarm
sounds, rtction will he tttkcrt to discotct

\\ lty. .. Anne Arttlcrsoll

Safety No. 1?

To iltc Editor:

I am puzzled. According to the October
28th ASP, n woman was ubducted and tltctt
ruped wltile waiting for u SUNYA bus at

 

.v

 

 

  

the corner of State and Eagle Streets. Why
is this corner a bus stop when a stop in front
of the Wellington Hotel would be much
safer?

SAFETY shouth be THE NUM'tiER
ONE priority in choosing bus stops. The

_ Wellington is open 24 hours a day. What

better bus stop could there be than one in
front of an all night service hotel? The en—
trance corridor to the Wellington is an ideal
place to- wait for a bus. Even a bus stop
across' the street would be okay. but only if
the stop is within view frotn the Wellington
corridor. A change in the bus route may be
inconvenient. but frankly. i don't give a

damn. i do, however. care about safety.
Yes. i am puzzled. The resident manager
at the Wellirtgton does not mind iftltc Well-
ingtort corridor is used as a waiting statiort
for students. Then wlty are students ex-
pected to wait at out of the way corners? I
don’t really want art answer. I want it
cltartgc. With darkness creeping up earlier
caclt day. 'imrncdiatc changes irt the bus
route are needed. In fact, tltcy must be
demanded by every student! One never
knows if artd when ottc will cxpcriettcc the
fear of waiting . . . alortc . . . itt darkness.
-— Roberta Turknn

After The Vote . . .

To the Editor:

The most important lessons that cart be
learned front tlte results of this year’s “toot
close to call“ presidential clectiort (God. do
I really ltavc to say President Reagan? . . .)
arc:

'Pollstcrs really don‘t know ltow to tell
wlto will wirt art election. (What all voters
should do is assume that the person they
don’t vote for will be tltc wirtttcr. This will
give those concerned a rnttclt tnore accurate
result.)

'Americans choose their presidents wltile
tltittkirtg about who shot J.R.. and

'Americans who 'answer polls lie to tire
pollsters.

We are all very fortunate that the wirtttcr
won by such a large mnrgin (God. crow
tastes awfully bad . . . l dcrty ltuving ever
said that l support President Carter . . . l
have always felt tltnt Ricltttrd Nixon was
among the fittest presidents we have ever
had . . . Wlto knows. maybe tltc oil cont-
prmics can solve our energy problems . . . l
wonder if l can still join ROTC . . . Thank
God Abbie l-loffman is otrt of hiding), at
least now none of Reagan‘s detractors can
complrtin. Let's all clear ottr heads. cleatt
ottr guns . . . l'm sorry. l didn‘t mean that.
Look. it is an awfully frustrating feclittg to
ltavc just started getting interested itt
politics only to find out that apathy was
better all along. Classes were getting kirtd of
boring. now mttybe we will be rtble to get
ottt and do some serious protesting.

All college students ltuvc gotten compla-
ccrtt having it president who occasionally
thought of their ttccds. We‘ve all kind of
gotten ottt of Slttlpc. Muyltc (‘Ul-I will or-
rangc ittdepcrtdcrtt study credit for protest
ttctivitics (tell the Ayntollult we are now
willirtg to negotiate. . . bombs for Itostugcs
. . .(icc! Muybc l'll get to grow up artd tell
my grandchildren l fought ill at war . . . i
hope the genetic difficulties v ou't be insur-
mountable).

l just had it thought. maybe Reagan was
lying all along! Mttybc (really. it could be
. . .) ltc really only said all those things so
lllill he could be elected itt order to do rt
complete ltttntnottnd ttml ztttcmpt to dcrtl
rttliotrttlly with ottr llllitttll". |tlttltlclii\l No,
I guess not (tiorl. l ltopc tltc Motul Mnjori-
ty doesn't tt'iltl this .ttttl Itttgct me for llcll

. .).
congratulations. future president
. Ronald Rcrtgztn. Please be gentle with us.
Wli may yet be pcrsurttlcd llttll you :uc cor
rect. Though I have it fem of you. I will try
to get along if yotr will. llcl'otc you nct. take
a deep llt‘citlll and think carefully. it's a big-
ger world now lllilil when you were my age.
Good luck, and please let George lcttrn ltow
to run at country (I feel so used . . .).

— Mark Murntore

 

 

:r:;:r.r.-.c.«.u-.~.th.:;2sg...~;.. . . ' r: ' ’

 

 

 

 

In Conclusion . 

Welcome to the end of student power, ladies and gentlemen of

the State University.

Welcome to one of countless points on life’s timeline where an,
overwhelming silence andbitter apathy results in the sudden loss‘

of rights and freedoms.

And welcome to the conclusion of twelve long years on the
University Senate and to all that student leaders have struggled to
bring you — to make life here a little more tolerable for us all. '

And finally. welcome to the eitd of cocky editorials like this.
one in many that have consistently ranted and raved. pleaded and

screamed for you to care. This is the last.

That's because it all boils down to ltcrc — to tomorrow ——
when an open forum will take place where student leaders will
beg. argue. artd justify their right to continue existing on the
University’s only system of governance —— the senate.

lt’s art opcrt forum and that means you‘re all invited. We have
dreams and illusions of thousands of you pouring into the
Assembly Hall to.dcmand fair representation. But we also know
that we're just kidding ourselves. You won‘t even peek in the

door.

\

Every day. each hour that you live, learn artd interact on these
Iprcntiscs, you 'do so in accordartcc or in conflict with the
guidelines set by SUNYA governance. Yet most of you still ra-
tionalize away your concern by believing that it doesn‘t affect

you.

it's at 4:30 pm. today in the Campus Ccrtter Assembly Hall. if

you ltave ttotltirtg to add verbally, by all means cortte and provide
moral support with your physical presence.

Are you rttcrcly puppets. bouncing about day to day in an ab-
surd game dcfincd by others? ()r cart we begin to make sortie sort

 

 

 

of difference? ‘
Thirtk about it. Wouldn't it be a shame to waste such a tticc ri-
l u s i on '.’
f
Eolﬂblilkld in 1916
Rich Bolt-r. l drum in t‘hn-I
Hub E. Grubm-n. Mumnnrrg Ltittm
Now! Editor Sylvia Saunders
Anlocllin NIIII Editor- Arnhrwt‘nunll. Susan MIllIItntt. lictlt Sen-t
AﬂPlcll Editor- liolr l tlt-Istt'm, llottttlrl Levy

Aloud-in ASP-MI Editor

Sound I Villnn

Cvo-Ilv- Arte

Duulgu I Layout
Spurn Editor

Aloud-to Bponl Editor-
Edilorlal Page! Editor
Copy Editor

Advertising Man-nu
llilllng Accounthnt
Composition Mun-nu
Oﬂko Coordln-tu'

 

Moro Mt-n.

It..th irrct'ttlwtu tnunrrs tttm. mum l\'.tll4tt\it.'

Unth .1 Cum.
'rvptu Eur-ordinal"
l

ilullt‘lit

Phuiulllphv, .‘Ittltlllu'ti ,m... putt. to ilttttrr'nltu morn Strum tr
Chi-l I'hulolrlphln no. it'll/tutti

Mutluon, Mari Ntliiil'i. .‘ittlltl Slutnknmp. lorry l'ttintmttr. ll’ril thtunt

 

ilonni

l).be- Kopl, liowwsx Illumup't

tittttitlll‘ Wt'lilUl

l.tl I’tnkn

Sut- (it-titer

liotmltl Levy
llolt litrllnllote

Mutt llnspcl. Lurtylittlut
:tuwn/t tut-ruth
MutlwltA (nuclan

sun-mum tum tumult... l'ttllltl-I litttttlt'v. norm. liltrtklt, not. (ittlltltlntttltt. Kt’ll (mum, Mu'lrm'l (‘ttttttt'tL mm.- ramming
tr... lh'ttt'ttttttnk, Jttlt Drum. .Iudn- I lu‘ttltt'tt]. Minis t or tit-m. In... t- I v... Miltllt‘l‘lt (rt-mun. mitt .r (ill .I. t<.-.. tuition, wmuw
(untitl. t... (itttllt't. Mttllltt'n' llmtttmt Wi'tult'll “tuition. Nit rtptt- lsttn'l, .lntttm .irtllt', Amy Knltltrr. lttttv known. to... l ttslllt.
nun.- l «to, Jun.» Mttthuhh. \thlltttlt t r um”, \i’uytuv I’t't'tclumrtt. Math tttmm, .lt'ii 5t lnuirrii. unit...“ 5. ltrtrtlirr. l'.tul sttwm,
9w hmlllt. tn..an hultttttt-II Iodine a. Put/low whom Mm momma, si-pnvmttt-t tut-tr. ‘

Janet lhcllttss

urunw rim-n Mumm limpit't
tutttm. tnﬁfmt.

norm sou-m

ﬂ-lul: l‘ii‘il' t miller “ttlu‘ll li-tr/ Cllllillld Mun-nor: ‘u'pn mth i\i|'lil Contyullllant l luult's l'lttth Advertising Produc-
llun Mun-gun: Maw Arum tiltiHIH. t.mm.ytm...-r Advcﬂilillu Production: litttltttt'iitmoln Mttltt'lc lam-rt. Moon ttnpltm,
lltll ltunrc .‘ultunlll-t-nr t’niolwt ‘v-ultptu It Kathy liill'li Ollie: Stunt Wt'ntiy “i'ikl'l, llctlv lirotlct. lt-ttv (ilttk,

ll-vdnt Cnnuth. no." um out... i...” Mormon”
o Aron Hnlth.t om tittror ilttt'lllIiV I
llom Ih'tk

l lnr tk‘u t‘htrlt

hump;Amino”... tr..i....t.t...-...rm.r>.-t.rr.»...t..rtr.. t'.uni.rhittptttt-lxltc rm.- litttltttlltttut‘l Typhoon-mttrututr'uu-nnuy
mm... Mm moan”... mount... tum. lintimln this”, i'atluc tum». on. .‘wlrnuttlct. ltttttn' thllt'ty.ClIlﬂ"IuI: Mark

UPS BI-llr Mum «\n tu-r. Nun t'ult-rn. h’utl t 'tmu. htrtt.’ l smr Mritv Ituwtl. Mutt titrltvt. Mmr llr'rrsrhrl. ltonunr h'oltrio/l, Mute

lln' I‘lluttttt Motlwtt I'u'u u potion-u mw Tut'ulttt- .m.t Itttiotr tr..th um )t‘lltttti |'t'til hp um nrrmny Student "I‘m Corporation.
‘till llitlt’ltt'lltit’tll not (or [mt/ti tit/tittrttlltttt t ttuormt. .m- ttttilttm Ity nn- l'dttot-tn-f‘lm'lt Itultt‘p n tuiter lo mum by the ldunual

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

V“s“m3‘¢> .. .

m. a; ,ﬁ,.» .

‘9‘ . c. .... -.,c n...__.

. ~..,. ~.—~"~tma‘w
. eat. . . <

 

 

 

