 

 

 

61‘ the aspacecraft firing retrorockets In
,de‘fenseof gravitational pull. Pink Floyd
touched down in New York this weekend. For
better than thirteen years the Floyd have been
'sialing airwaves with more than )ust music.
From the opening confusion of “Astronomy
Domtne." to the resonant repercussions of
"Outside The Wall" the band has maintained a
reserved insanity. which has served as a black-
hole center of some of the most progressive
work done in the art spheres of Rock‘n'Roll.

Have 1“ '

The eighties see a new Pink Floyd. No more
long voyages to saturn on the crest of Gilmour
Guitar Work. Gone are the sessions of syn-
thesised music that made you ask yourself
"what universe are the sounds coming from?"
As the trend has been of late. the Floyd have
touched down on earthly footing. assuming
the stance of Rock and Roll scientist, here to
present research. and more importantly. to
conduct it. Something has happened to
Floyd, and If We are willing to see it. they are
willing to say it, but as always there is the Pink
Floyd thematic'paradox.

The ingredients o_f_ the music have changed
very little in the past few years. The nra)ority of
the music is in cut time. the abundance of elec-
trical effects such as echo. loop. and delay are
still prevalent. Their stage presence is still
massive. profound. and cryptic. The music re-
mains reserved. mysterious, and symphonic
and the story comes across loud and obscure.
The themes of Pink Floyd albums have
always been simple atrd hidden. at least since
the concept album period beginning wiilt Dark
Side 0/ the Moon. Since that time Roger
Waters has taken over most of the lyric
writing. atrd as a result the Work has become
autobiographical and biographical (remember
Syd?). with significant message content for the
conrtrrorr rrratr. But make no trristakc, the
albums have always been their story, any butts
of description or advice the listener heats witlt
empathy, he does by his own accord
D.S.t.).’l'.M. was, on a broad scale. the ar
citctypulniodcrn condition. 0n the persotttll
level it is the story of Syd Barrett as echoed by
the conscience of Roger Waters. Wish You
Were Here is the dilenta of the modern Cott'
dition. It is Waters' apology«confession to Bar
rett, with a touch of idolization tlrrowtr in. In
Animufs Waters points it finger at those‘ to
blame for the destruction of human society. it
is in these last two albums Iirat the subject of
thetlrernes switch front Barrett to Waters. as is
Waters realized that the s tt‘irt.’ fate which bcfell
Barrett was impending for himself.

This brings us to The Wall. Pink Floyd's first
double-concept album. Take ttote that The
Wall is not a double-album that is a concept
album. but is rather two concept albums. it is
the first time that Waters works on a highly
personal level. addressing himself (and Bar»
reft) directly. if not by name. Arid in this sense
it is frightening. because we see the real
Waters. the tragedy. the sadness. the insanity.
The Wall is )ust barely rock. it is rrtore art-rock.
and still more. it is rock-theatre. As performed
it is uni“? anything l‘ve seen except Tommy.

 

 

 

 

 

‘am' is in many respects more advanced. For
this i suffers in recorded form because the
essential element is gone, and without
performers any play becomes merely a text, in
one single swoop of genius. Waters has
created the ultimate comment on rock
pedagogy, sacrificing even himself. The Idea is
so large it cannot be faithfully delivered iit corr<
cert form or recorded form. it flourishes only
as theatre.

Before venturing Into a review of the prefor-
miif ftwisted) society. to victlrrrlzer, undergoing

 

 

powerful mutations along the way. climaxing '

 

" 

 

pne-

ln withdrawl from love. work. and even life. in
an objective sense .tt is all carlclertured and
cliche'd. but considering that the individual in

question here Is a rock star. and taking note of '

(the unsung but still included in the written
lyrics) “What Shall We Do Now?" the cliche
strikes with poignancy. The end of side two
finds Waters quietly withdrawing into himself.
As a totality. Record One is the story of the
rock star from birth to self-admittance that the
things one set out to do, having been ac-

    

complished. provide'no happiness atrd nruclr
pain. forcing the individual to re)ect his station
in society. as well as society itself.

While Record One is a story that covers a
large span of tirrre. Record Twu is an account
of the rock star from behind the wall. so that at
this point the plot slows down and the
message picks up. in a sense Record One is
the setting. Record Twu is the story.

On the first side of Record Two (side 3)
Waters gives an account of his personal. pro-
fessional. and psychological situation. but not
before asking If anyone understands. if
anyone cart see what he is saying about
himselfand everyone else. lie gets no answer.
in “Hey You" he depicts the situation bulwr'r-n
Pink Floyd and the audience, In "Nobody
Home" he depicts the rock star's personal
alienation. in "Corrrfortably Numb" he strum
irrgly confronts lritrrself and fit each case comes
away with rrotlritrg. These dilemmas now left
unsolved culminate in a quiet frenzy of self»
rejection/in “Tire Show Must Go On." At this
)olnf the story gets nasty, “In The Flesh" finds
Waters mocking his audience for their ig~
noratrce. and lit "Waiting For The Worms" hc
idmits his sickness. welcomes it. and nearly
succumbs. But in "Stop" we see the old
humanitarian artist try once more to say that
he always meant well. that he always tried to
do something for us, rtot himself, that this
sickness he lras developed is the sacrifice he
has paid for our benefit.
in "The Trial"_ Waters is surrounded by his old
and new oppressors and confronted with a re-
sounding sentence of guilty. His punishment
mance itself. some words need still to be

sauna and Victor.

_ - .1

 

story. imposed by evil characters. but in truth it
is self-imposed. Exposure . . . his punishment
is the creation. of his own volition. The Wall,
the work where he sentences Pink Floyd to be
exposed before its peers. Finally. in "Outside
The Wall." there is the feeling that something

   
 

 

 

heavy has been lifted, as if amid the destruc-
tion the creation of something tiny and
wonderful has come. perhaps freedom.
Turning to the concert itself. any description
must contain the term different. It was dif-
ferent from all previous Pink Floyd shows, and
different from arty other rock concert. Tradi»
tionally Pink Floyd have not done much on
stage beside letting the music and visuals
speak for themselves. They don't mess around
much. hardly ever project their personalities.
only infrequently speak to the audience, and
generally play a long show. All of that was
changed this time. The show was Tire Wall
and nothing more, To some extent the visuals
were less intense than usual. as if tlrls tlnre
they wanted you~ (the audience) to get
something more out of the show titan )ust a
great drug experience. they wanted you to
think. Waters even introduced one of the
songs and after the show the whole fraud
came on stage to say thanks. The whole show

took around two hours. within which the band'

relocated on stage several tirrres. Waters mov-
ed around stagu quite a hit. and even Gilmour
could be seen hopping hack and forth occa-
sionally.

in terms of comparison to other rock
groups” concerts. wull. they've never come
close to l-‘loyd's total audience. And while no
group can rrptnrrrtt'li their total concert effect.
the Floyd haw moved sortruwhut away from
the sheer ftttt v of earlier cor'tcerts into rock-as-
llii‘riltt'. sat riftt’nrg srrllit' of the concert effect
in an atti'nrpt to comment on the effect of
earlier shows. The only thing remotely similar
to this is 'l'ownsltcnd's 'I‘uiinny. which for all of
its profour'rtiity falls short of coherence unless
taken metrtplroticnly. While Tommy is musical
continent in theatrical form. The Wall is rock
ns~tlrcatrcl as a vehicle .to address rock as
culture. Like Tommy. walkittg away front The
Wall. even after it is spectacularly performed.
one must have a sad. hollow feeling if he is to
suppose himself to have understood it. The
Wall. as an album or as a show is a movement
in rock history.

The concert itself was a spectacle. Before
the. band took to the stage. it was obvious that
The Wall was todays lesson. As Floyd concert-
goers have been accustomed to for over eight
years. suspended above the stage was the
now farrriliar round movie screen. in addition.
built on the wings of the stage were the begin-
nlrrgs of a massive wall that would meet at

spent on The Wall as a record. While many . ceriiL’t stage. As the concert progressed these

  
 
 

may be able to empathize with the album's
broad and superficial treatment of the lit-
dividual's cries wttlritr society and the ensuing
monumental effort to protect one's self from it

resulting in self-destruction. the album is far
more focused than that. Record One, which
might be aptly titled "Bricks itr the Wall" is a
record about the cold insensitive world that
masquerades as a normal society. and one in‘
dividuals (Waters-Barrett) progression frottr
victim, or what you and l rrtiglrt call a normal.
sensitive person exposed to the absurdities of
—- to be exposed ~- is, for the purpose of the

walls were continually expanded until during
"Goodbye Cruel World" when the last brick
was put tip. completely separating the au-
dience from the band. During the first half of
the concert we were treated to one dive-
bomhirrg WWll airplane, inflatable figures'of
the schoolteacher from "Tire Happiest Days of
our Lives." the wife front “Young Lust." a
telephone conversation. and the mother. Like
the airplane and round screen used during the
Dorksirlr' tour. in the second half of the con-
cert we saw another prop front an old concert.
the inflatable pig. Roger's “Piggte.” from
Air/trials. which Just goes to show that these
guys don't throw anything away. The first ltalf
of the show (Record One of the album)
grrrplricly displayed the construction of the
wall around old Pink. When the last bricks are
pirt in place as "Goodbye Cruel World" fades,
we are left with an awful sense of separation
and emptiness while the house lights go up.

i The opening of the second half is probably
ltlre single most brilliant theatrical effect in rock
history. As “is There Anybody Out There"
begins we realize that Pink Floyd has taken the

 

   

stage behind the wall ' and are asking
themselves and us if anybodys out there. Then
from behind the wall they play “Hey You" and
the alienatién between rock idol. and idolizers
Jecomes as real and as large as the grand ca-
tyon. “Nobody Home" sung by Waters in a

 
   
    
    

motel room constructed within the wall drives
the alienation Into isolation. in “Comfortably
Numb" Waters stands outside the wall facing
and singing toward his own shadow. Gilmour
sings the alternate voice in this song from on
top of the wall. and in a marvellous lighting ef;
fact he ls strongly backlit so that his silhouette
and shadow confront the audience. The
shadow imagry works so well that one cannot
help but realize that Waters and thmour and
playing the same personna. who is in reality
not one person but a synthesis of Waters and
Barrett. At this point in the show' it becomes
clear that Waters lras given up his fetish for
writing about Barrett's life. and now writes
about his own life. as it is In the process of
becoming similar to Barrett's life. After corr-
senting, almost helplessly. to come out and
continue the show ("The Show Must Go On")

  

our herdes take on the crazed stance of Neo- .

Nazi Rock emperors, not unlike Syd Barrett's
own tendencies. Of course Barrett never

_reaiized his intentions, but Waters unwittingly

lived on those intentioirs by becoming a rock-
god to Floyd fans. in “Waiting For The
WormS" Waters comes out and adresses the
problem of tutteritrg insanity. but not before
searching versions of “in the Flesh" and “Run
Like Hell" treat its to eight irterr on stage (1er
of every instrument) so that we can visually
doubt which are the real Piirk Floyd and which
are "the surrogate band." Throughout the so
coird half of the show we are treated to movies
on the wall a la Gerald Scarfe. which
culminate fit “The Trial." a delightful and
dazzling bit of theatre. Finally the wall is blown
apart on stage. the band retakes the stage.
imuloatlor-styli.‘ and sung “Outside The Wall"
to non-electric rnuslc. The closing is optirrristic
iir that freedom seems possible even if it is a
sad freedom. but pessimistic irr that it almost
scents a formal closing statement from Pink
Floyd. While they may have gained their
freedom thru the wall (the recording and per-
forming contracts are now fulfilled) we may
have lost them as performers.

Two closing notes. both sad: l-‘irst.
throughout the concert it was obvious that
most of the audience. while enthusiastic. did
not understand the message presented to
them. Evidence of this was apparent in the
timing of applause (it seems )ust when the au-
dience ought to be insulted. it respond with
cheers). This has been an ongoing problem for
Pink Floyd. who have professed themselves to
be both artists and exploiters. and it took
courage to create Tire Wall in an effort to ex»
press this. Unfortunately nrost of their fansiust
want “space-rrrusic" and would prefer to forget
the often redeeming messages.

Secondly. the message itr Tire Wall is so
clear to those who will attempt to see it, and
the ignorance of the general audience member
so apparent, that it Would seem as though we
may have heard or seen the last of these boys
as it performing group. Q

 

 

 

 

  

Sound and Vision

 

 

. ' r/ .

Gl‘here were days when a skeptical

American public snickered at a homely
data processor who borrowed the name of our
rock—n-roll god and proclaimed himself king:
days when vengeful. love-lorn outcasts
somehow didn't fit itrto the scheme of rock-n-
roll stardom; days when initials E.C. stood for
a certain six string virtuouso who played lead
guitar with Derek and the Dominos and
Cream. But a pigeon-toed processor named
Costello has changed all that, patented the in:
ltials E.C.. and released a string of LPs too
dynamic . powerful. and influerrcial to be ig
nored by anyone.

 

Cliff Sloan

 

 

 

Beginning wltlr a 505 twang and venomous
lyrics. the initial sound of My Aim Is True was
made crisper and more streamlined. Record
by record the lyrics blossomed with cynical wit.
cutting their way through a well balanced
garden of power-chord rock. calypso based
beats. and softer ballads of loved-starved
frustration. One could call Costello the seed
and producer Nick Lowe the sun. They com~
pllmented each other almost flawlessly and by
E.C.‘s third effort, Armed Forces (1978). the
product was first class. all purpose rock.
polished and accessible.

Welcome their, Get Happy. E.C. patent
number four in a line of progressive. ear»
gripping rock music. This LP is intriguing and
so adventurous that you'll feel like crawling in—
side the cover and exploring the vinyl. Each
listen will reveal a new catchy tune or another
scrap of biting lyricism. Get Happy is not a first
listen album. it's a one hundred and first listen
album. And although i sit about to inject my
views and opinions on E.C,'s newest release.
somehow. someway. i don't think l'll feel the
same tomorrow, the next day. or the day after
that. l'm simply not done exploring yet and i
don't know (as i sit in tire-midst of my 5ifth
listen) when I will be. Part of the reason for this
is that Get Happy has twenty tracks (ten per
side). and upon first listen i felt barraged as a
blur of new. streamlined Costello sped by me,
too quickly to grasp. i haven't yet captured the
full impact of Get Happy, i haven't completed
my excavation. And so my reader. on this
venture i can guide you only as far as Sive
listens will allow me to. Consider me then
another explorer. merely Sive steps ahead of
yourself. Do not hold me to my opinions or
rehash this article in a few weeks only to refute
what i am about to say. This LP is to be
studied over and over again. interpreted and
reinterpreted. learned and relearned. as is arty
piece of art. One thing this writer will promise.
however. is that Get Happy will not bore you.
it will remain on your turntable for days. if not
weeks at a time. drawing you with confident
certainty as a magnet draws steel. 50 sit back
and glance over my journal. take a tour of
listen number Sive of Costello number four —
draw froitr it. learn from it (if you canl, but
don't bet on it. i still have 96 listens left to go.

Entry No. 1. E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue — "1
Can't Stand Up For Falling Down" — Captain
Costello immediately bellows the paiirfui corr-
fessions of love-Iorn frustration. “l'm a mart
whose been hurt a little too much, l've tasted
the bitterness of my own tears. sadness . . .",
and so the story always seems to go with
Costelloniair characters. it's a sturdy. if safe
and conservative opener. that keeps The AI-
tractions (who‘ve only gone so far as to iden-
tify themselves as Steve. Bruce, and Pete on
airy American released album) right tip front
with Elvis throughout the number. The first
revelation offered here is that although twenty
cuts is a multitude of songs for arty one LP, the
music. doesn't stiffer. This time fills its space

  

    

Fear and Loathin

 

nonchalantly. not sounding rushed or con-
densed. This should come as little surprise,
however. since Costello's s.p.a. (songs per
album) rate has never dipped below a dozen.
Coupled with Nick Lowe‘s personal guarantee
for phonic quality. my first fear of Get Happy
is dissolved. Yes. it seems possible to get
twenty worthwhile songs on a single LP.

Entry No. 2. EC. 4. Listen No. 5tue —
"Black and White World" —- Captain Costello
has stepped out in front of Steve. Bruce. and
Pete. seemingly more in command. The
democratic air of Entry No. l is gone although
the band works more effectively this way. The
Attractions still follow their leader attentively.
increasing his effectiveness. accerrtuating the
still complaining Captain whose tone has
grown rrtore direct atrd stern, "There'll never
be days like that again. when l was a boy and
then a trran." His bickering tone sounds as
good as ever and I want to hear more. but my
desire is itr vain. Tire Captain has already.
perhaps too soon. turned his attention
towards Entry No. Ii. Nonetheless. I airr hap-
py. impressed, and also eager to move on to
lintry No. 3.

Entry No. 3. E.C. 4, Listen No. 5tue -
"5ive Gears in Reverse" ~ “if you don't know
by now. nobody'll tell you. If you don't know
by now. she'll probably kill you," proclaims
E.C. His cutting edge is as sharp as ever. atrdl
have to listen closely to grasp the Captain's exv
act words, although his attitude is clear. He is
cynical. slrortslglrted. atrd vengeful. the way
I've always liked him. The band strikes hard.
choppy chords. lending adequate support to
Elvis' switcirblade lyricism. Still only E.C. is it-

replaceable. There is little. if any. potent musi- '

cianship on Get Happy. but nevertheless
something clicks. and clicks well. l feel full.
satisfied, and quenched as the Captain leads
me an.

Entry No. 4, E.C. 4. Listen No, 5tue — "B
Movie" — Undoubtedly. this entry is the apex
of my exploration with E.C. thus far. A
brilliant piece of work by producer Nick Lowe
and a calypso bass line leaves the Captain's
wlrirrtng, more subtle voice iii the foreground
The beat makes me want to dance; not jerk up
and'down. but simply do a little skant or reg-
gae shuffle. E.C.‘s voice glides gracefully over
timely rhythmic changes. although his words
still preach blunt reality. “Everyone's on the
make. it's not your heart i wanna take."
Costello boasts. his voice flowing with a
melodic quality reminiscent of “Party Girl." it
is sweet cynicism. prime E.C.. the Captain in
his finest form. This is becoming one of the
most pleasurable expeditions my ears have
ever taken.

Entry No. 5, E.C. 4, Listen No, 5tue ——
“Motel Matches" ~ E.C. takes this leg of the
Journey solo. “Motel Matches." in the tradition
of "Alison". is the Captain at the helm.
another apex. another side of Costello. He
grows nrore subdued and everything about
lrtm seems rorriantic. barring of course. the
twisted metaphors. “Falling for you without a
second look. falling out of your open pocket-
book. giving you away like Motel Matches."
E.C. mutters. So far. my piece de resistance
thanks to more slick production by Nick Lowe.
The Captain is growing In diversity. wit. atrd
craftsmanship through every leg of my
journey.

Entry No. 6, E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue —
“Human Touch" - A circus type organ be»
bops The Attractions back hrto the
spotlight with this upbeat number. It Is a lighter
tune than its two predecessors. whose closest
melodic relative is "Oliver's Army" (a product
of Armed Forces). l interpret it as comic relief
to the usually intense air of Costello. The Cap-
tain, however, had his usual sentiments. "l
don't wanna know about much, i just need
that human touch."

Entry No. 7, E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue ~
“Beaten to the Punch" m rlllSl "Pump it Up!"

Entry No. 8. E.C. 4. Listen No, 5tue ~
"Temptation" —— “l'le drinks in self-defense.
give me temptation," the twisted Captain

sings. He is Cupid's enemy. a preacher of r

anger and venguttce. "Temptation" is another
scrap of the biting lyricism of which [previous-
ly spoke. The Attractions revert to a supper»
tive role as lilvis reduces the volume, but not
the verroirr. It is venom that churns lit the

stomach of the depraved. the bereft of love..
and the cynical. Yet I—llsten and somehow
really enjoy it. it is meshed together with a cat-
chy. driving formula. In fact. if i didn't listen
closely to E.C.‘s words. l'd think him a roman-
tic. He asks not for my acceptance or sym-
pathy. but spits on my values and romantic
ideals. Still. I enloy and respect. Twisted or
not. he is dynamic and refreshing, a pleasure
to spend an hour with.

Entry No. 9. E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue —— “I
Stand Accused" —- E.C. reaches for the
volume switch again. The Attractions )ump to
the signal and blast out “1 Stand Accused." it is
superb, the best power chord rocker l've heard
the Captain produce thus far. i am at a loss to
understand Elvis' reversal of feelings as he
barks. “Girl. i love you so much i think l'm go-
lng insane," Rarely have i seen his wound this
wide open. not covered by cynical vengence.
Still his versatility behooves me to continue.
keeping my ears close to the speaker.

Entry No. If). E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue —
“Riot Act" »— The Captain is up front on this
sotrg. returning to his good old vicious self.
"When the weather gets so tropical. and the
talk gets so topical. Riot Act." i like him like
this. somewhat subdued with a whinirtg.
twisting voice reminiscent of "Little Triggers," i
sit now at the half way point of this musical
Journey. in the midst of lyrical switcirblades
and musical tightness. The Captain calls rrte
on like a siren and | feel compelled to obey. to
flip over the vinyl and inich another powerful
dose of Get Happy.

Entry No. if. E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue w
“Love For Tender" -~ The lyrical wit of E.C.
still proves to be the driving force, the power
which gives energy and effectiveness to Get
Happy. As anyone familiar with Costello
might expect, the "tender" here is legal
tender. The lady. however. telects E.C.'s of-
fer. "You won't take my love for tender , . . i
could be a big spender." he growls. The cut is
short. mean. straightforward. and to the point.
E.C. moves on toward "Opportunity."

Entry No. 12. E.C. 4, Listen No. 5tue —
"Opportunity" ‘ "l'm looking for a little girl.
big money for families having more than one."
the Captain announces. telling us how he was
born during the “second big baby boom."
Again we see another cynical incision of the
lyrical blade, "l'd like to be a hero but i can't
stand the stench . . . l'd like to be his funeral
director." it seems he is now in the trenches of
Viet Nam. bitter yet holding his ground at
stage center. preventing band democracy.

Entry No. 13. E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue —
“The lmposter" — This is E.C.‘s tale of bar
room deception, “I don't know why you can't
see. he's not the rrratr you think he'll be. He's
only the itrrposter." A powerful carnival orgatr
returns me to the days of This Years Model,
The Attractions move into stage center with
Costello and the result is short. belligerent.

 

  

 

 

power treats that keep the song lumping
(E.C. lift the volume switch again). Still. it
doesn't capture the grace and vigor of “l Stand
Accused." It is solid E.C., safe artd secure (see
'etrtry one) that is enjoyable, but not a
highlight. i hope that the Captain doesn't plan
on gliding home through the next seven cuts.
Yet i have confidence, Elvis has earned it,
Entry No. 14. E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue ~—
"Secondary Modern" — "is it out of the ques-
llon between you and mo?" asks the agonized
Captain. still unable to get his girl. Yet l'rrr

. .1, ..

   

 

glad. l'd hate for him to soften up and Change
his views. They‘re what keep him unique.
keep him angry. keep him Captain. This
tune is quieter with a more eifedtve and
serious tone. ‘

Entry No. 15. E.C. 4, Listen No. 5tue —-
"King Horse" — The Captain moves on. full
steam ahead. “King Horse" has mixed
melodies —- boisterous. subdued. then
boisterous again. There is Elvis. a bass line.
then a quick role of the drums announces the
introduction of a _snakey organ that completes
the transition of a back and fort‘t duel between
a bawilng Costello and the accentuatlng At;
fractions. i am merely content. not over-
whelmed.

Entry No. 16, E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue —-
"Possession" —— Here is a refreshing yet too
short rendition of a mid-sixties rock beat
seasoned with the unfailing lyrical swifchblade
of the Captain. “If there's anything that you
want. if there's anything that you need . . .",
E.C. asserts. knowing full well that all these
gifts and support can only lead to
"Possession." i felt elated. The song had given
me new vigor. more cause to carry on. but
Elvis cut me off too soon. Still the earmarks of
an EC. classic haunt the song. i am feeling
too comfortable with the Captain. as if i know
what to expect. i don't like him this way. i
want to be surprised and taken back. sol must
travel on. »

Entry No. 17, EC. 4. Listen No. 5tue
"Man Called Uncle" — A . light-hearted
keyboard sound commands this rather easy
moving tune. Only the Captain's voice holds

 

 

 

venom wirile the band seems happy and dain-
ty. E.C. restores new faith. warding off
disinterest. leaving absolutely no room for
boredom. Needless to say at this point. the
Captain had some words of romance. “When
I say i love you. i must be delirious . . ." '
Entry No. 18. E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue —
“Clowntinre is Over" - "Clowntime is over.
it's time to take over. while others )ust talk,"
E.C. barks in an “Angels Wanna Wear My
Red Shoes" tone. A circus organ appropriate-
ly fills in the background but by track 18 l've
heard similar numbers. i want new adventure!

Entry No. 19. E.C. 4. Listen No. 5tue —
"New Amsterdam" ' This is precisely the
new adventure l was looking for — fresh.
razor sharp E.C. with the Captain at the helm.
"l step on the brake to get out of her clutches."
he explains. Tire lyrical play on words is both
amusing and intriguing and i find myself giving
100 percent of my attention to the Captain's
words. The Attractions stand politely in the
background, as they're supposed to. "New
Amsterdam" is the quiet high point of side 2,
marked again by an authoritative tone of voice
and a_clever use of the language.

Entry No. 20. E.C. 4, Listen No. 5tue —
"High Fidelity" —— The Captain has proven
himself a strong finisher. “High Fidelity" is the
best rocker on side 2 aird coupled with “New
Amsterdam," the finale of Get Happy is Class
A Costello at his spiteful best. _

On the whole. i am more impressed with
side 1. Perhaps though. i am simply tiring.
The album is indeed a Long Player and one
thing is for certain; when you're done with Get
Happy. you won't reach for another Elvis
album. There is enough on this record to
satisfy anyone's hunger for Costellonlan
music. There are noticeable traces of the Cap
tain's past three efforts (My Aim Is True, This
Years Model. and Armed Forces) woven
through E.C. 4. Yet is unlike any of its
predecessors. it is powerful, dynamic. and dif-
ferent. exactly what Costello has always
brought to his audience, So as l close myjour-
nal on Listen No. 5ive. l ask you again not to
consider my word absolute. It is an educated
opinion but nonetheless, it is air opinion, sub-
ject to change every day of my life, Get Happy
offers a taste of every kind of Costello at a level
of Achievement which has grown with every
record he's made. There's little doubt that
numbers like "B Movie," “I Stand Accused."
and "Motel Matches" will prove to be vintage
Elvis. So heed my )ouriral —- see what you can
grasp. what you cart learir, atrd what you can
draw from it. in the long run. however. it'll on
ly cost you about $5M: dollars to Get Happy.
perhaps the best investment you'll make this
yedr. p

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i
i
l
‘l
-l
|

3.12:”. .

.74}

 

 

 

