    
  
  
  
 
    
    
  
    
   
    
 
  
  
    
  
   
    
  
    
    
  
  
  
  

 
 
  
 

 

...«....m..-wu._,,........ .. ‘.. s

_ actrgsregr'umn _
-- This Is Your Home T 00

Calumns’ "

'Andrew Young

I am always amazed at the real power col-
lege students have at their command, and
how much of it. goes unused —- wasted.

. That is a shame. Because student power
could provide that critical margin, that ex-
tra measure of push needed to channel our
national policies, our energies and our con-
sciousness into new ways of meeting the
very pressing needs of the people of this
world.

No, i am not talking about the street
demonstrations and the sit-ins that were
part of another decade. l am talking about
the power you have —- collectively — as
citizens, voters, and shapers of opinion,
and about the power you have as in-
dividuals to make things happen on your
own.

I am told that the current generation of
college students know concerned with

their own_welfare than with making this '

planet a better place to live. I am told that.
But I don't believe it. I suspect that tOday’s
college students are simply not aware of
what is going on in the world.

- Take the issue of world hunger. Think of
the thousands of people who will not live
until tomorrow morning because they can’t
get enough to eat. Now what can you do?

I think it is really simple for a campus
hunger committee to establish a voter
registration booth where students pay their
tuition and begin to talk about the problem
-r-' raise political consciousness. The pro-
blem with young people, and I've learned
this from my own family, is that they all
register to vote back home and then all
forget until the last minute to write home
for absentee ballots. You’ve got to get peo-
ple to register on their campuses. I think
this would revolutionize American politics.

I you have, for example, 55 thousand
stu cuts on a campus like Ohio State. or 45
thousand at Michigan State, and they are
registered, every candidate coming to those
states would come through the campuses
because there are so many votes there. And

No Clue FrOm CUE

To the Editor: .
Guess what I found out today? i took six
courses that i cannot put toward my degree
requirements. That's eighteen credit hotrrs.
Eighieen credit hours ofuselcss tests, of ntt- '
necessary papers, of time.
That means another semester. more

 

 

    

at that point you get to ask the candidate
about what he or she is going to do about
world hunger. Then thbcandidate goes to
Another campus and gets the same question.
That starts people in public life thinking,
coming up with policies to change things, to
get action.

Let me talk for a moment about the other

' kind of power, the power students have as
individuals. You have a decision to make:
whether to use the knowledge and ex-
perience you are gaining to help only
yourself or to share the fruits of your
education with people who desperately need
what you have to give.

You don’t even have to re-invent the
wheel. it's already been done. It's called the
Peace Corps. Some 80 thousand people,
many of them fresh out of school, have
served as Peace Corps volunteers helping
people in the developing world help
themselves to a better life. The Peace Corps
is celebrating its 20th Anniversary; It is still
going strong, still attracting bright people
who want to enrich their lives by helping
others.

It is an option worth considering. So is
service in this country as a VISTA
volunteer. VISTA. which Islands for
Volunteers in Service to' America, has just
celebrated its tSlh Anniversary.

The nice thing about VISTA and Peace
Corps is that they work. They get results.
As an individual volunteer, you may even
change world history, and you will certainly
change the lives of the people you come in
contact with. When you add up all the lives
touched by all the volunteers, think of the
difference it makes.

The problems of this world are not going
to go away overnight. A better world is
built just like a house, brick-by-brick, piece
by piece.

Yes, college students do have power, col!
lectively and individually. How well they
use that power will make a difference in
how well, we, as a world community, meet
the challenges of this decade.

__,_.—

viewpoi nt

, period, because if I can't deal with the run
around at CUE, why should I care to get in-
volved in more red tape with the regtstrar?

So I took education-related courses, but
no ~— education courses don’t count in the
liberal arts, and there's no room for them
anywhere else. So, I guess they're saying to
waste my time taking courses ltke
mythology and geology, that I don't care
about and ﬁnd totally irrelevant. Then they
can't understand why l’m not interested in
my classes and why I'm not doing well.
Why don’t they take those wonderfully
amazing courses and see how many days a
little more sleep seems a lot more important
than learning about how rocks develop.

So, maybe you're thinking that i should
have known these things. I should have
read the curriculum. i thought i did. I
thought i had the requirements, but oddly
enough, the little blue Chinese menu 1 got
from CUE was outdated by about three
years from the little yellow menu i got from
the department.

How was i to know what they consider
liberal arts and electives and free electives
and all the exceptions to the rules?

This small mistake has cost me only a
semester of school, a semester of tuition,
and a semester of bullshit.

Now there’s no way i can graduate on
time. Let me credit CUE for that. They
have no time, they're not quite sure about
anything, and — oh — time for lunch, can
you come back tomorrow at ll?

— Name Withheld Upon Request

Torch ’80 Letdown

To the Editor:

It took a while, but finally it ltas arrived.
Five months after graduation, the
testimonial book to Jay B. Gisscn,
Greyhound Charter buses, and the architec-
ture of uptown and downtown Albany is
hot off the presses. Unfortunately, it wasn't
worth the wait. (i think Mr. Gisscn would
agree that live pictures of himself plus a
copy of his graduation speech is overex-
posurc.)

Instead of representing an accurate cross»
section of student life at Albany as past
yearbooks have depicted, the Torch 80 staff
belabored the depressing, revolutionary

 

 

 

money, more bullshit.

And why? Because CUE is understaffed
and basically has no idea of what's going
on. to say nothing about even having the
time to ﬁnd your file.

No, he didn't give rue a signed, blank
card. i gave him a schedule card ﬁlled out in
its entirety and he read it and signed it.

And don't accuse me of changing my
whole schedule during the add ‘drop

and ugly aspects of SUNYA. More than a
number of pages'were devoted to etupty
bedrooms and sleeping students,
Washington and campus protests, and vari-
dalisrn and Mayfcst refuse. isn‘t that over-
doing il? i am not denying the significance
of these themes, but there was also a fun-
loving and cheerful side to the four years at
Albany State that the yearbook staff failed
to portray.

Didn‘t the editors realize that the Class of

     

than protesting and waiting for buses? How
about pictures of dorm and Off-Campus
parties, the food and record co-ops, the
pinball and TV rooms in the Campus
Center, the library, the PAC, and in.
numerable other places where many
students can be seen inicracting every day.
if I were a prospective Albany student, I
would never be aware of a SUNYA in-
tramural program after looking at Torch
80.
Furthermore, the coverage dcvc ed to
Telethon, Mayfest, student clubs, pro.
fessors, classes, and the athletic programs
was either nonexistent, inadequate, or my
liniited‘in scope. Overall, there seemed to
be a greater emphasis throughout the book
on the superﬁcial aspects of SUNYA. such
as an off-campus ﬁre hydrant. rather than
on the meaningful ones, such as a crowded
lecture center. Where have all the seniors
gone?

As for the candid shots, or lack of them,
instead of using full-page pictures of Tony
Tassarotti (Torch 80 editor), Mark Kirsch
(Torch 80 business editor), and Rounnc
Kulakoff (Torch 80 editor), in addition to
several candids of the Torch 80 or Photo
Service photographers, wouldn't it have
been more reasonable to have three or four
pictures on a page of seniors who didn't
have titles or connections with the Torch
staff?

In addition, if the Class'of I980 wanted .1
psychedelic cover and a comic portfolio
(“Used Corn"), they would set the calendar
back to the 1960’s and buy “underground”
comics.

And if the Class of I981 has any pride in
themselves and their school, I would advise
them to contact Ms. Kulakoff and offer
their help and suggestions so Torch ill will
,not be a letdown like its predecessor.

-— Rich Seligsou
Class of 't'it)

Oiiicially Upset:

'I‘o tlte Editor:

i feel compelled to write this letter today
to make the student body more aware of :r
problem that affects us all. lam referring to
the officiating problem presently Chokian
the life out of the SUNYA intrruuurrrl pm
grant. Ofﬁcials currently do not c\co
receive the minimum wage for uurpiring :In
intramural contest. They put tip with u lot
ofttbuse, tnissed dinners, and just hassles in
general — and all for it whopping $2.50 pct
game! it is not worth their trouble to short
tip to a game for that fee. This fact “an
made painfully clear last Sunday when
AMI/\‘s league 2i} men's softball chum
pionship had only one umpire. lie drd :rri

 

[RAD HAS are
Hoswaes.

rnnoems H
was. \

  

 

MEXICAU CUBAU
AW AVE WE

TlIESwrss FRAuC (a
l HWlER

       

  

Abéo QERHAW.

   

moral OF The ‘
Had/Willa}!

 

THE ARABS- HAVE CUE OH...

 

 

 

 

‘80 spent time together for purposes other

 

 

  

 

   
  

 

 

 

- the centerfold

Joe Jackson
 reviewed,

‘ nd more on
a & 1a

   
             
 
       

The schedule,
the crossword,
and Doug’s chick
are on 8a

   
       
    

 

 

Fred and his friends move into

A few looks at our
new era on 2

  
   
           
       
     
   
         
       

     
  
 
   

 

 

 

    
  

 

