__ .._-..__.. ..

 

F ace, Supreme

by Bob Belluflore

It's like taking the ﬁnal of your
toughest course only three weeks in-
to the semester.

It's like worrying that the last
cuts for your school play are tomor-
row. and yoit’re not too sure of
your lines, but you know that if you
had only a little more time. you'd
easily get the part.

It’s like playing Ithaca College.
1979 Division III Natio'nal Chant-
pions. in the opening football game
'of the season. and there are still
questions to be answered and gaps
to be ﬁlled.

Memories of last year's contest
between Albany and the Bombers
are the kind that make Great Dane
fans cringe —- a 40 poittt difference
and the worst loss irt Albany foot-
ball history. Itltaca. with tltrcc
times as much total offensive yar-
dage than the Duties. squashed arty
hopes tltat Albany ntigltt have ltad
for post-season competitiort and
started them on a tltree garrte losittg
streak. So when the Bombers ruarclt
into University Field on Saturday at
1:30. the Danes will ltavc a lot to
think about.

Replacements — that's been the
biggest problem for Albany head
coach Bob Ford and his staff. Gone
front the 6-3 team ofa year ago are
quarterback, field getteral. attd
leading ruslter Terry Walsh, Capital
District Player of the Year and
leading tackler Joe Rajczak, defen-
sive back Daryl Haynor. and defen-
sive tackle Larry Pearson. to rtartte
a few.

“While we lost sonte good peo-
ple. I think there’s still ertouglt of a
nucleus to put together a decent
football team." said Ford. lrtdecd.
returnees such as co-eaptains Steve
Shoert (defensive tackle) and Jack
Burger (halfback). defensive end
Eric Singlctary (who Ford termed
as. “potentially. the best defensive
end we've ever had). and almost the
entire offensive line provide the

 

 

The Aibany defense swarms 1|

Danes are to withstand the force of National Champion lthucu's offense.

Great Dane
Challenge;

 
 

Nat’l Champ Ithaca Invades

source of Ford’s hopes. ’

The biggest problem. though. lies
in filling Walsh’s sltoes. which is the
task of senior Mike Fiorito. Calling

Walsh a different commodity that -

had the ability to put points on the
board although not always doing it
within the rigid structure of
Albany‘s wisitbotte attack. Ford
said. “Michael doesn't have some
of Terry's gifts. Therefore. he can-
not afford to beat himself at all."
Sophomore Tom Pratt. the backup.
is a better runrtcr artd thrower than
Fiorito. according to Ford. but
lacks the experience necessary to
rtrn the wishbone.

Here's how the rest of the offense
shapes up:

THE LINE:

Only ortc starter frottt ’79 lost
here. Center Mike Areuri. at 6-2.
215 pounds. comes off a solid
junior year brtt. according to Ford.
rnttst corttirtrtc to improve. The left
side will be tended by guard Glen
Magrattc and senior tackle .lint
Esposito. Over on the other side.
three retttrning lettermert are vying
for the two available spots (juniors
George Brodeur. Tottt Clarke artd
Brian Bennett). At tigltt end. last
year‘s starter Bruce Dey is back. A
solid blocker and a good short pass
receiver. according to Ford. Dey
will be backed up by a constantly
improving Mike McGuire. At split
end. Tirtt Votraw artd Craig
Treartkler will try to ﬁll the gap left
by tltc departure of last year's
starter. speedster Scott Lushcr.
Neither are btrrrters. Ford noted.
but both ltave adequate speed arid
are good blockers.

HALFBACKS:

This area is often referred to by
Ford as "a stable". There are three
reasons: Levi Louis. Sam Haliston.
and Burger. Haiistort is Albany’s
best all-purpose back. but is
prescrttly sidelined with a broken
leg. and might ttot return for a
month. Louis ltas exceptional

Mlddlebttry runner (above). Similar

   

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
  
 
 
  
     
     
   

Iﬁeid‘lng Albany s quarterback this suson llil.‘ been no easy task. Mike Fiorito (rigittkwill get the and
over sophomore 'I‘om Pratt (left) when Itltaert College marches into University held Saturday at 1:30

balance and great blockirtg ability.
Burger. art inspirrttionala leader.
possesses breakaway speed (4.5
seconds lit the 40 yard daslt). better
hands than his runniugrnatcs. attd
cart throw the football. When all
tltrec are healthy. they provide the
Danes with their strength. .

FUl.l.IIACK:

Chuck l’riorc was a soplt starter
last year artd itas reclaimed that
post this season. Altltouglt he ap-
pears too small to be a wishbone
fullback. Priore is a compact
fircplirg (5-9. 185 pounds) who cart
block and get the yards inside. Hot
on his heels though. is senior John
Durant. Ford feels confident with
eitltcr.

The 1980 defensive urtit has a
tough act to follow. Until the
seventh garttc last scasort (Ithaca).
the Dane defenders were rated irt
the'top five nationally. Besides Raj-
czak and Pearson. Albany has lost
linebackers John Veruto (a four-
year starter) attd Don Hyde (a

things must occur Saturday if the
(Photo: Steve Essen)

 

 

 

. t” 1,, 4 ,‘ ’ '1‘: ..r '-

(I’holos: Steve I'Isseu) I I
three-year starter). Tabbed as first- dirtg to the weak srdc. Belttnd thern
stringers in those two spots were is junior Bob Dunlertvy who. said
junior Steve Dcy (brother of Bruce) Ford. ts dependable arid rarely
arid transfer Bobby Cohen. Brit. ac» makes a physical error.
cording to Ford. Coltett hasn't rcal- THE SECONDARY: I '
ly blossomed irtto the player he can At deep satiety will be ltghtenrng
be. and Dey is questionable for quick Bruce Collins. wrtlt Don
Saturday's contest with Ithaca with Bowen and Mark Flanagan on
a sprained ankle. Sub Greg DiNoto eitltcr side of ltint rn Albany's three-
is also injured. and this might force deep pass coverage. Sopit Dave
defensive end Matt Brancan to Hardy is number two belund Col-
switch to linebacker. Ford is cou- lins. and has the size and speed to
cerrted. “I don't know where the challenge fora spot.
hell we are there." he said about the THE KICKING GAME:
situation. Punting will be Hardy. who

The rest 01' the defense is 'as needs to get sonte consistency ac-
follows: cordittg to Ford. but cart do a
ENDS: capable job. Handling kickofi‘s artd
Bert Frartklirt made a mistake. place kicks will be Drtrio ‘Arango
Besides dcatlt and taxes. you cart (Whose field goal beat Ithaca in
also be sttre of liric Sittglctary. iic‘s 1978) Kind Tom Lincoln. Ford calls
big (6-1. 210 pounds). strong. first, thcnt “probably the best one-two
c combination in Division III football

In

he's got qttickrtcss. and cart do th
job. "He is a corrtpletc football in that skil
player." said Ford. Normally. the Deptlt is a problem. In most
other end would he lirancato. but it' cases. after tltc starter. tltere is a big
lie goes to linebacker on Saturday. step down in talent. “We may not
junior Jeff Carortc will get the nod. have depth. but we got a great ﬁrst

TACKLES: team." Shoen said. The key is

Only one spot is definitely filled health. Any extertded injury to at
here. Shoen. at 6-1. 235 pounds. “is frottt line player could be terriny
probably the best defertsivc tackle costly to the Danes in 1980.
we've ever ltad here.” noted Ford. There are other big changes in the
He wertt on to say that the co- Albany defense for 1980. Three
captain "should be considered for coaches. inelrtding the defensive
post-season ltortors if he plays the coordinator. have moved on to
way he itas been going tltrottg prc- other schools. The coacliing tur-
seasort football." The Capital novcr annually is great. but to case
District Player of the Year irt 1977. the loss of tltosc key staff rnerttbers.
Sitoett will bolster the interior lirtc. forrtter offensive coordinator Mike

On the other hand. filling the gap Motta has been moved to dcfcrtse.
at the other tackle spot has not been Irttattgibles — those are the parts
so simple. There are four of a team that can't really be
possibilities. with Mike Scully artd measured by numbers. You cart ort-
Kcitlt Let‘evrc leading the way. ian ly scrtsc them. Maturity as a foot—I
rtobody hasalock on it yet. Alsoin ball team is a big intangible. It
the pictttrc rtrc transfer Jirtt comes from attitude-winning at»
i’iillltlrall, arid Shoeu's yotrngcr tittrde. a necessity for success.
hrothcr Mike. “One 01' tltertt will “If I had to evaluate it rigitt now,
havetojutnpin‘tltcreand play some we do not ltave wltat I would

defensive trickle." commented describe as a wirtrtirtg attitude,"
Ford. said Ford. “Now. that we cart
CORNERBACKS: mature and grow and develop as the

“I think that's going to be rt year urtfolds. btrt we’re rtot there
strength for us." Ford said. For the yct. Hell. we're a lortg wrty frotn
third year iii a row. the Danes are where I want rts to be." he con:
deep at the corners. Returning tirtucd.
starter .lcrry Wicrlbccki will play “ltlutcn probably ltas superior

    

. "a 'v-tvrv‘jyf.

   

.itts'.r .. 9

by Susan Milllgan

Close to ninety students met
Tuesday night with Plant Depart-
ment Director Dennis Stevens to
discuss problems. causes. and possi-
ble solutions to bus service
“inadequacies.”

Off-Campus Association Direc-
tor Mark Dunlea and Student
Union Chair .Iim Tierney cited
women's safety and inconvenience
as two of the major problems caus~
ed by the change in bus schedules.

“The Pine Hills Molester has ltit
over 50 times." said Tierney. “and
now people are waiting at Draper
alone. sometimes for 25 minutes.
Also. the buses are not stopping at
requested corners after 6 o'clock as
they did last year."

  

Tierney and Dunlea also express-
ed discontent over bus over-

fgtudents 1 Voice Outrage Over Poor

necessarily to the Trailways station
and the Wellington . . . I think it's

crowding and the elimination of , ridiculous. but that is the state's

direct Wellington routes and bits
runs to the Trailways station.

The students felt that the Univer-
sity was not upholding its respon-
sibility to the students.

“If the University can't provide
adequate housing on campus. it
should at least provide adequate
bus service.” said Dunlea.

One student remarked that “if
they're going to have a downtown
campus. they should provide the
facilities to run it correctly."

Stevens explained that “the
state’s commitment is to transport
students from the uptown to the
downtown campus and not

commitment."

Many students complained about
the simultaneous increase in fees
and decrease in services.

"We're paying more and getting
less." said one student. “I don't
understand why there isn’t better
bus service."

Students also complained that as
many as three buses in a row would
pull into the circle, only to continue
on to the garage. Stevens said ire
“would end the practice of bus
drivers taking breaks during peak
periods."

Stevens. maintaining that a ma-
jor cause of the cut in bus service

a"

was the budget-mandated loss of
two bus drivers. suggested that the
Student Association pay for the ad-
dition of two drivers. at a cost of
about $15,000 per driver.

Central Council member Rob
Rothman was in vehement opposi-
tion to Stevens' idea. remarking
that "we deserve adequate
transportation. but the state should
fund it."

"SA funding of the buses is
ridiculous." he said. "Even the
Alumni service is not adequate.”

Student Union. SA. and OCA
members are currently discussing
means to improve the bus service.
However. no plans have been
solidified.

Stevens said lte “would advocate

 

 Serviee

petitions and dialogue between
students and administration.”
Although Stevens maintains that
the bulk of the problem is due to
mandatory budget cuts. causing the
loss of two drivers. a source who
asked to remain unidentiﬁed in
name and position disagrees.
“They didn't lose two bus
drivers." the source said. “What
happened was two bus drivers quit
and three more were hired. Stevens
is just trying to prove his
‘efﬁciency’ to the state.”
Several other persons close to the
situation corroborated this claim.
Rothman told students Tuesday
night that the decrease in the
number of bus drivers from 22 to 20
.continued on page ﬁve

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the stong side. with Ed Rttgttle tert-

continued on page 34 i i ’

    

 

' L . yr ‘
in I ents demonstrate outs de Patroon ' oom

 

I'itont: UPS

Their Own Squad Cut,
Men Try Women’s Team

by Andrew (,‘urroll

Citing the loss of their team as
the reason and Title IX as the
justification. five rrtcrttbcrs of last
year's men's volleyball tcartt tried
ottt for the worttert's tczun last week.

They were rebuffed irt their at-
tempt. as arguments of reverse
discrimination frtilcd to sway tltc
atltlctic staff. who used the same Ti-

.1‘ "It
.0

Athletic Director IIth Ford __

Blames budget cuts.
Photo: llrtlt Ittilllld

tlc IX itt dcfcrtse of their position.

Title IX is the federal ruling that re-

quires equal atltlctic opporttrrtities

for botlt rttcrt and worttcrt.

The actions of the players, Gary
Becket. Don Kilinski. lioh Allers,
Fred Askatrt artd Tortt Leahy. were
irt protest of the cancellation of the
men's varsity volleyball program.
an administrative decision ntade
late last year.

The decision was result of a
budch cut witltirt the athletic
department. which translated irtto tt
loss of a position. according to
Atltletic Director Iloh Ford. Attd
because of the small number of
players ittvolved. arid volleyball's
trttiqtrc position irt regards to Title
IX. tltc volleyball team was con-
sidcred the tttost expendible inter-
collegiate sport. said Ford.

Garv Becker. a starter on last
year’s team, said that Title IX irolds
true for the men’s efforts. “There's
art unfairness here." said Becker.
“If we're not going to be able to
play on a rttert's team, then we’re

continued on page five

 

 

 

   

~

. TBANY
s UDENT
PRESS: Ly.

sm- Urdnntty 01M Your .t Albany

FWD PX

 

September 19. 1989

 

I‘vttt) by Aim ﬂue." Pnu (Invocation

 

Rate Hike Provokes Anger

 

Students Interrupt Trustees

by Susan Millignn

Members of SASU artd Student
Union expressed their opposition to
the SUNY Board of Trustees' deci-
sion to raise dormitory room rates
in a rally in Campus Center and a
“Donald Blinken call-in-day"
Wednesday.

SASU delegate Torry Giardina
said the students were protesting
“not only the $150 rate increase.
but the capricious rnartrter irt which
it was approved.

“The roont rate increase decision
was made behind closed doors over
the summer. when students had
nothing to say about it," lte said.

Tltc Board of Trustees voted on
the increase last May arid informed
students over the snntmer of the
dccisiott.

SASU anticipates the Board of
Trustees in plartning to increase
dorrrtitory rates by $150 for the rtcxt
three years as well. for a total in<
crease of $600.

“SUNY has rcrtegcd on their
commitment to give students low-
cost public ltigltcr education." by "9‘" 59”"

Gimdinn said. Forntcr' SA Vice President Tito

Tlte sttrdcrrts were demonstrating Mi‘r‘illcz hi” but" “Caused by
omsidc of [he “,0,” when. “SUNY several SA officials of clocking a)»
Central Administration member's l’m-‘immc'y 300 “m” 0” “1” SA
were “Inching and discumng [he van wltilc using it as ltis personal
SUNY budget" according [0 SU vehicle dttrirtg last Christmas vacu-
Chair “m Ticmcy_ tiort. Although Martinez. dcrticd

SASU and 5U have made three having used tlte van against SA
dcrrtartds to SUNY adrttinistrators:
—- an immediate halt to the re-
maining phases oi' the roortt rettt in-

increascs . . . especially those ap
proved irt such a deceptive man

ner." Tierrtey said.

session as early as last April.

“The increase was discussed for
about 20 trtirtutcs artd tltcrt voted on
irt May.“ Stcrrt added. “It was not
on the agenda. and students had no
prior warning."

According to Blinken. tltc issue
“was rtot urtder discussion for a
rrtorttlt.

“We didn’t even know the
budget until May." he said. “it

Ex-Vice Presi

t‘.

 

— a corttrrtitrttcrtt by SUNY and
tire Trtrstccs to give at least one
month's prrblic notice before arty
discussion or vote on further in-
creases".

—- immediate enactment of plans
to improve dorttt conditions.
specifically tltc phasing ottt of tripl-
ing irt rooms desigrtcd to house two
people.

The students also held a “Donald
Blinkcn cull—in day.” a phone blitz
to express their anger iii the rertt iri-
crettsc to the Board of Trustees
Cltair.

Tito Martinez
Accepts wm res/10ml n t

 

Il'lutln: "urhtmn

“We wartt to rttake it clear to
SUNY arid the Board of Trustees
that we will rtot accept arty further

According to SASU president
Jim Stern. the rcrtt irtcrcasc was be»
rng discussed irt closed executive

’ Luncheon

may have been discussed among
sonte SUNY-Central people or bet-
ween the Chancellor‘and thyself.
. but it was trot discussed with the
. Trustees until the day before.“
According to Blinkert. part of the
state's subsidy to SUNY has been
used irt the past to offset tltc cost of
renting a dormitory roortt. Blinkeu
said the money cart be used for
academics. thus benefiting both on—
cumpus arid off-campus students.
“The resulting rcttt increase
revetttrcs of $9 million can be used
for faculty attd library books which
might have been eliminated." said
Blinkcu. “The state does not give its
the money for the express purpose
of stthsidi/ing room rates."
continued on page five

dent Martinez

Accused of SA Van Misuse ‘

policy. he did accept rcsportsibility
for its care. said last year's SA
president lisrt Ncwmark.
According to Ncwntark. the van
showed a “big discrepancy irt
mileage" after last Christmas vaca-
tiort. As SA vice president, Mar—
tinez. was responsible for the van
and therefore obligated “to pay
Student Association somehow."
Ncwrtturk aid, Howcvct‘. although
Martinez. admitted to the discrepan—
cy arid told Ncwntark and ex-
controller (‘rrrig Weirtstock he
would forfeit approximately $120
(or 40 cents per mile) front his sti-
pend, SA controller Ira Sontuch
reported that financial records
show that Martinez had withdrawn
all of his $1500 stipend front the SA
group voueltcr payroll.

“It was alleged last year that Tito
Martinez . . . used the van . . . for
300 miles. Wltilc we do have slips
(i.e.. receipts for gas) signed by Mr.
Martinez. we can't prove that he tis-
ed it illegally." said Sotnnclt.

‘ can/inner] on page nine

 

 
    

   

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

    
  
  
  
  
      
   

  
   
  
   

 

  
  

