  

y .

 

 

' Would CApsules

' O
Zeppelm Drummer Dead
(AP) Drummer John Bonham of the Led Zeppelin rock
music group was found dead Thursday at the home of a
friend, a spokesman for Atlantic Records International
said. The spokesman refused to give the cause of death
and would only say Bonham “died in England." There
will be no further statement on the death until comple-
tion of an autopsy Friday, said Mitchell Fox, a senior
executive in New York for Swan Song Records, which
produces the group's records. Atlantic distributes the
- 'Swan Song label. Bnnham, 32, known by the nickname
"Bonzo, ” if 'n a farm in WorCestershire, northwest
of London. it .tni beer. with the group since its forma-
tion in l968. Other member. of the “heavy metal"
group are Robert Plan: Jimmy Page and John Paul
Jones. The group recently . ~T nleted a successful Euro-
pean tour after not having performed publicly for some
time. A scheduled performance in Nuremburg, West
Germany, was canceled because of what was called
Bonham’s "physical exhaustion." The group‘s latest
album, “in Through the Out Door", was released last
year.

Rep. Myers Faces Expulsion

(AP) Rep. Michael Myers, D-Pa., convicted of accepting a
bribe in the Abscam scandal, wants to tell his colleagues his
side of the story in an attempt to avoid being the ﬁrst
House member expelled since the Civil War. “1 intend to
take the House floor when this resolution is brought before
the full House, and at that time i will fully explain to my
colleagues every aspect of this case," Myers said Wednes-
day after the House ethics committee voted 10-2 to recom<
mend his expulsion. “i feel that i should be sanctioned in
some way, but not expelled," added Myers, who is seeking
rc-election to a third term.

GE To Help Clean Hudson

(AP) Hoping to be viewed as “a good corporate
citrlen“, the General Electric Co. has agreed to pay
million» to clean up an environmental mess along the
upper Hudson River which it helped create Over the past
merit] decades.

.Nc‘h York's Environmental Conservation Commiv
stout-r Robert Flacke said Wednesday that GE had sign-
cd an agreement which could cost the company 330
million. The project involves the cleanup ofscven dump
sites which contain about 50,000 tons of GE~gencrated
industrial waste, including tons of polyshlorinatcd
brpncnyls, or PCBs, a dangerous toxin.

lilnckc labeled the agreement "unprecedented" in this

A.

 

 

 

 

 

CAMpus BRiEfs
Learn Self-Defense

“Defend yourselt! Thch have been over 50 known at~
racks in Pine Hills." This is according to thc President‘s
Task Force on Women's Safety, which is sponsoring
free self-defense workshops taught by expert Maggie
Boys.

Here are the dates, times, and places:

STATE QUAD Sunday, Sept. 28
lrving, Lower Level, 6:30-8:30 p.m.
ALUMNI QUAD Sunday, Oct. 5
Alden, Main Lounge, 6:30-8:30 p.m.

 

lNDlAN QUAD Sunday, Oct. 12
Tower, Penthouse, 6:30-8:30 p.m.
DUTCH QUAD Sunday, Oct. 19

Blccckcr, Lower Lounge, 6:308:30 p.m.
COLONlAL QUAD Sunday, Oct. 26
Hcrkimcr, Lower Lounge, 6:30-8:30 p.m.
CAMPUS CENTER
Assembly Hall Tuesday. Sept. 30
4:00-6:00 p.m.
CC 375 Monday, Oct. 6
4:00-6:00 pm.

Contact the Off-Campus Association at 74928 for
more information.

Topic: Sexual Harassment

Sexual harassment —- repeated unwanted sexual atten-
tion, verbal abuse, physical attack — will be the topic of
discussion at a meeting Tuesday at 3:00 p.m. in the
Humanities Lounge.

Bernie Cohen, from the Center for Women in
Government, will give an introduction on the who,
what, when and why‘s of sexual harassment. Following
will be a discussion on harassment at SUNYA and what
can be done about it. Contact Sharon Ward, 7~808ll, for

 

(tore information.

country and said he hoped it would provide the basis for
future negotiated settlements with other corporations.

The agreement with GE calls for the company to sub-
mit plans for remedial work aLthe dumps, which it does
not own, during the next several years. Following state
approval, GE would then have one year to complete the
cleanup work after which it would monitor and main-
tain the sites for 30 years.

in return for the work, the state has agreed not to sue
the company for any damage which has occurred at the
sites. But Glacke said the state had not given up the right
to sue CE for troubles that the PC85 or other wastes
may have caused away from the sites.

PCBs have been linked to cancer in laboratory
animals and to liver and kidney damage in humans.

Iraq Claims Victories

(AP) lraq today claimed the capture of is square
miles of lranian border territory, including four towns.
as lranian jets hammered lraqi oil installation near
Baghdad and to the north again on the fourth day of the
war at the head of the Persian Gulf. The air war cut off
both nations' oil exports through the Persian Gulf, but
the flow from Saudi Arabia and other gulfoil states con-
tinued. The lraqi command said its troops and tanks
seized the lranian border town of Naftshah today while
other Iraqi forces raised the ﬂag over Mehran, 90 miles
to the south. lraqi troops and armor took Mehran
Wednesday after completing the capture of the major
lranian border town of Qasr-e-Shirin. 350 miles
southwest of Tehran, taking 351 prisoners and pursuing
fleeing lranian soldiers to Sar-e-Pol-Za-hab, about 20
miles inside the border, a communique said. it said the
town‘s defenders withdrew to the hills.

Pilots Strike Calif. Airline

(AP) Pilots and ﬂight engineers walked off their jobs at
Pacific Southwest Airlines early today, forcing Califor-
nia‘s largest in-state air carrier to cancel operations for
the first time in its Jl-year history, a PSA spokesman
said. The strike, which began at [2:0] a.m.. was cv-
pected after contract talks between the nation‘s [31h
largest airline and the 500 employees failed [0 yield an
agreement Wednesday. said PSA spokesman Skip
Myers. The walkout idled 3,700 other employees turd
curtailed 200 daily flights to three states and Mcxrcn.
Some 25,000 people ﬂy the San Diego-based carrier's
commercial routes daily. (‘oincidentally, the strike «‘amc
on the second anniversary of a PSA jerlinet and a light
plane over San Diego that killed I44 people. it was ihc
only accident involving fatalities in PSA‘s history. The
death roll was cxcecdcd in this country only by the
DC-lU crash in Chicago In May l979that killcd 273'pcor
plc. Myers said hc doesn‘t foresee a quicl. \Clllt‘ll‘lclll to
the strike became "wc are so far apart on everything."
Hesuid PSA will honor its charter llight reservations by
usrng management personnel, but will not attempt to
operate commercial ﬂights. '

 

 

Health Fair Tomorrow

The SUNYA Pro-Health Professionals AHOCldlitill
wtll sponsor its fll’Sl Capitol District Health Fair tumor»
row from l0 a.m. to 4 pm.

The fair will feature admission representatives from
medical, dental, optometric, nursing, and other hcztlth-
rclatcd schools. Health Fair (To-Chair lee Kobren sans
the purpose of the cvcnr is “to provide ;r chancellor
lrcshrrrcn and sophomores to get a better pcrspcctiyc on
what is emailed in the application and atltuissior r
ccdurc." 1 pm

The Pair is being held in conjunction with health
associations of Union, Skidmorc, and Rum-ll Sage Col-
lcges, and chssclucr Polytechnic lnstitutc.

You Will Enjoy

Scptcmbcrfcst would make loads more sense, btrt w ho
are we to quibble?

.Octobcrl'csl has begun behind the Campus Center and
will contrrttrc all weekend with Bavarian cntcrtainmcrtt
folklore dancers, a 6-piccc German-American band and
. t . , . "
food in all MS Dcutschlundrsh variety (brutwurst
krtockwurst, frtcd dough and beer). it's all UAS spon-
sored. I

SA Postpones Elections

llC S 6 CC l l1 0 t L‘ dlL‘, CL 1 ll )iit nd
A [O 5 l r S l l l C l
Classes Ol 83 alld 84 llﬂVL’ DEC“ 1 ()\ Cd 1]) it ()LIODCI 8.

Applications will now be accepted until October 1

Lest We Forget

Our friends in CUE remind us: .

ILast gay to file S/U or A-E —— Thursday Oct 2
ast t ‘ I ‘ . '
3 ay 0 drop a first quarter course ~ Friday, Oct.

Last da to d
30 y rap a semester course — Thursday, Oct.

 

t tions.

  

 

'India Gels Nuke Fuel

(AP) The White House says the sale of 38 tom of
reactor-grade uranium to lndla, which won Senate; .
proval by a two-vote margin, will be the last unless India
agrees to new nuclear safeguards. The Carter ad.
ministration welcomed Wednesday’s hardfougm 43,46
victory and said the vote will strengthen its hand in 1,),
ing to convince lndla to accept international non.
proliferation safeguards. The Senate's vote, a foreign
policy victory for President Caner, came despite a wan,
ing from Sen. John Glenn, D-Ohio, that lndla is "the
world's worst nuclear violater." The White House hail.
ed the “bipartisan” vote. indeed, botn panics wen
sharply divided on the issue. Twenty-four Democrat;
and 22 Republicans voted to bl0ck the sale; 3|
Democrats and 17 Republicans voted to allow it. The
House voted its disapproval of the plan. 298-98, [an
'wcck, but rejection by both houses was needed to mm
the sale. Administration lobbying was heavy in [he
hours before the Senate vote, with Carter Calling scycm|
senators from Air Force One Tuesday night and
Secretary of State Edmund S. Muskie making illl nn.
precedented appearance before a group of Republican

 

 

Reagan Berates Carter

(AP) At first, Ronald Reagan wanted to confer ‘Mlll hn
advisers before commenting on the fighting bczuccn
[ran and lraq. Later, he agreed Jimmy Carter lldtl rtn
choice to to keep America neutral. And before lltc dru
-was out, he said the president was “largely to blunch
Without putting it directly, the Republican llllllllnt‘t‘
strongly implied on Wednesday that he would melt-r .tl
least the option of using military force in the ct I-ls Hill a
weakened defense, he charged, has tied lllc dtllllllllxlltl-
tion‘s hands. Not surprisingly, the tulmnunmnnn
vehemently disagreed with Reagan's ever-slrtnpt-r nn-
putation of US ctrlpability in the crisis. “lr'~ -
hcctor about that problem," declared \‘ru. l"
\‘r'altcr P. Mondale in thodc island. Hr .‘m‘
Reagan, instead, to come up with a solution
call ltirn a war monger," said Mondale, ill .: '
reference to the dominant campaign rllk'lkllr. wt
days. "I wzurt the American pcoplc to tlr.t.\  '
conclusions the) will."

War Threatens Oil Flori:

(Al’) President Carter is stopping \hort or " 21w ‘
military action to kccp Persian Gull Nil litn
West as Secretary of State Edmund S. 5-
America's ttllics search for a “try to make \u: n.
lrttq war doesn't closc kcy shipping luncs. A!“ \‘vlult
House mccting with Muskie and other I
Wednesday, Carter said freedom to omit-tile
\iun Gulf is vital to the world's oil \Ul‘l‘l‘ ‘MHlL'
Wednesday's cutoff of oil shipments lrnm ll.1 mi Inn;
alone should have no serious cl'l'cct or! sown." urtl
prices, lllL‘ prcsidcnt said: “A total suspcrnrn' I'
ports from the other nations who ship lllll'll,il '
nun (iulf rcgion would create it \Cl‘ll‘lls iluw' w 'lIL‘
world's oil supplies and consequently :1 Hum - - lllt'
ccorromic hcalth of all nations." "ll i» but 
thcrc bc no infringement of that frcctlom o
\hips to and from the l’crsian Gulf tcgtuu." -
The key waterway — and the focal point 

tions with thc allies — is the Strait of lltumur, ‘
chunncl ut the ctllt‘ancc to the gulf. ll’ ll m' ‘
two-thirds of the Western world's lliiptirtt't' . - v
cut off. Carter was not specific about him “'1.
might be kcpt open, and Muskie said the hunt"
lort is to promote a ceasefire through the l .urtd ’ni-

 

  

 

 

 

 

  
 

‘nt I‘ct-

 

 

 

   
  
  

 

 

(a.-.

x

‘Eq Kinncr, a 26_ycur_old mgmccr from t nrrrptorr.
Virginia, is scheduled to arrive in Albany Initial.“ "‘ HU‘
cnroutc to Portland, Maine, to complch 1‘ Um “"16
cross-country bicycle tour in support of John Antici-
son’s presidential bid.

Police will escort Kirtncr down Wcslcrn /\\'L‘””" “m1
around Perimeter Road, stopping for a rest at lltc (11”1'
pus Center.

Kirtner, who hadn‘t ridden a bicych l“ " ‘icwdc'
began iris odyssey on July H l" Ponlnnd‘ (mng
because he felt compelled to help Anderson in II “"l‘l‘w
way. You can read more about the cyclist in 'll‘L‘M‘ly’S
ASP.

minder AW“ "m".

 

Coast to Coast for JB/l W ;

 

    

September 26, 1980

 

 

Albany. Student Press

ASUBA Overspends SA Budget ‘l

 

1979-1980 Deﬁcit Totals Near $3000

 

by Beth Cammaruln

Albany State University Black
Alliance (ASUBA) overspent its
budget by approximately $3000 last
year, according to SA Controller
lra Somach.

The group also overspcnl its
budget in the l978-79 ﬁscal year,
Somach said. "As a penalty for
overspending, SA dcducts the
amount overspcnt from the involv-
ed group's budget for the next year.
Last year, SA only deducted half of
the $2500 overspent by ASUBA in
1978-79 from its 1979-80 budget, on

the condition that the group not
overspend in 1979-80. They did
overspend," he said.

Somach then outlined the pro-
cedures ASUBA is following this
year to balance the deficit.
“President of ASUBA Karen Ham-
brick has voluntarily made the re-
quired cuts to balance ASUBA's
budget this year. She has cut SIOOO
from the group’s concert budget.
$400 from their SA services budget,
$800 from programming, and $500
from conferences," ire said.

 

 

SA Vice President Brian Levy

vanmi/rm prob/crux of minnri/y .vlutlttnls

 

 

pluter Mnh lmnnnl

One of the possible causes of the

deficit was the cancellation of a
scheduled speaking appearance by
political activist Dick Gregory at
the end of last year, when Gregory
chose instead to meet with the
Ayatollah Khomeini. "That was a
big income reducer for them,”
Somach said.

According to Hambrick,’

"Neither ASUBA nor Craig
Wcinstock thought ASUBA overs-
pcnt by that much, but the books
show we did, so they tire currently
being checked.”

SA Controller Ira Somach
Says ASUBA overspenr budget by “3,000

 

photo: Bob [eel-rd

Minority Task Force is Formed

 

Seeks a Better Understanding

 

lly Debbie M. (iross

A Mittority Affuirs Tusk Force
designed to cxtrminc discrinriruition
ill SUNYA will be formed within
lllt‘ next two weeks, according to
SA Vicc l’r‘csidcut llrittn Levy.

The task forcc, initiated by the
SA, will include representatives
from certain minority groups on
campus such as ASUBA, (‘hint-sc
Club and l-‘ucr'ru Latina. The com-

mitlcc will eventually set up it

Minority Affairs Tusk llorcc office
which will continue to examine pro-
blems facing the minority student.

Levy said the committee will irr-
vcstigatc the luck of programming
for mirrorin students ill SUNYA.
The comrnittcc will also cxuminc
what is available for lhcsc students.

ltt addition to cxamining the pro-
blcms experienced by minorities on
campus, thc task force will also
review what rolcs the groups ill
SUNYA pltty.

Levy said he has been intcrvicw-
ing minority group members irt

order to have a greater undcr'stun-

ding of what actions to take. He

said, "i wttrtt this committee to take
it slow hard look at the problems of
minority students. i don’t want this
I‘usltt‘tl into." Hc Silltl he believes
that with careful planning and corr-
cctttrulion this now committee will
be it success.

At this liltltllL‘tll, the Minority Af-
fuirs Task Force has not gonc irtto
action, but within two weeks there
will he a meeting and a charter
druwrr.

Levy added that oncc the task
force is formed, they will decide
which groups can belong,

Stony Brook Saga Ends: Fall Budget Certified

lly Srrsnn Milligrur

Stutc University of Ncw York at
Stony Brook l’rcsitlcnt .Iohrt Milf-
bur'gcr lll lttts certified the Full l980
hudch of l’olily, lltc Univcr‘sity's
student government, pr'ovitlctl tltul
thc orgtuti/zttiou complies with Al'—
fitmutivc Action guidelines. Mur-
burgcr"s decision was rutttlc uftcr
r'cccipl of u lcltcr‘ from l’olily Presi-
dent Rich Zuckcrnturr Slilllllg l’oli‘

ty's promise to comply with Affir—
mutivc Action policy by November
3.

Mnt'burgcr had frozen Polity’s
funds previously because itc fell the
group's by—laws and the constitu'
(ions of Polity-funded organiza-
tions did not adhere to Affirmative
Action policy. The groups involved
were without funds for a little over
at week, according to Stony Brook‘s

State Tower Flooded
When Pipe Bursts

by Ilrrrbnru Schindler

The fifth ﬂoor of Static Quad‘s
'l‘owcr was flooded Monday after-
noon tvhcrt a bathroom pipc burst
irt one of the suite rooms.

The water, which had made its
wary down to the first floor, affec-
ling all lower [10an in its path, fill-
ctl all five fifth floor sttilc rooms,
some as much as a foot deep, and
had flooded one stairwell, uccor»
(ling to Tower Director, Dave
chtlcr.

On Monday afternoon it
rnttimcnuncc man for tho Quad,
Don Huuprich, responded to a
damage report filed by (ing Davis
of strilc Sill for it lcuky bathroom
pipc. According to chtlcr, at
about lle) p.m. Huuprich was
doused with hot wtttcr gushing from
the pipe he was attempting to
repair, bttt was not injured. 1

Rcsitlcttl Assistant for thc sccttou
Brian Scltwttgt‘rl said that the multi-
tuincncc mun had come into his

 

room to inform him that the pipe
bud burst and to call the plant dept.
to shut off the water.

“i called for assistance, saw that
the elevators had to be shut off ini-
mcditttly and that one stairwell had
to be shut because the water was
gushing down," said Schwagcrl. “I
then told the people on the fifth
floor not to panic and to remove all
electrical plugs from the wall
sockets."

Damage was done to sludcnts'
clothes, shoes, books, rugs and
other belongings on the ﬂoor at the
little of the flood. Render said he is
not sure what, if anything, the
students will get in compensation
for their damaged possessions.

Schwrtgcrl added that “one
positive ttspcct of the flood was that
it dtcw otrr section closer together.
it showed what a great section we
have because people from all lloors

hclpcd each other cope with the I

crisis."

Slillt‘.l'liltlll reporter Howard Saltz.

“The groups wcrcn't greatly af-
fcctcd," said Saltz. “The freezing
of funds basically just delayed their
start,"

Salty. added Polity had been
discussing with a lawyer the
possibility of string Marburgcr for
the funds, btrt dropped the discus-
sion after Marburger certiﬁed the
budget.

However, Polity Senator Patti
Coppa is charging that Zuckcrman
and thc polity Council "failed to
abide by civil rigltts regulations.“
and is requesting that the Senate de-
mand the answers to nine charges of
Zuckerman regarding the alleged
infringement of such regulations.

The Summcr Senate (which acts
as the decision-making body until
the regular Senate is elected in OC-
tobcr) mtrsl first vote whether to
ask of Zuckcrrnun the questions
proposed by Coppu, and then
decide what action, if any, to take
as :1 result of tire questioning. The
responses could conceivably lead to
impeachment proceedings.

Coppa's case against Zuckcrrnan
includes major allegations that:
'Zuckcrmun and the Council had
refused to follow fcdcral civil rights
requirements, thus being responsi-
blc for the freezing ofthc I980 Poli—
ty budget.

'Zuckcrmttn attempted to

“cover-up" said non-compliance, 

by claiming he was rtot awttrc of the
regulations ttnlil recently.
'Zuckcrman failed to involve the.
Summer Senate in the 1980-81
budget hearings that determined the
allotment of money to each Polity-
furtrlctl organization.

Sultz said he “doesn't think Cop-
ptt‘s charges will result in impeach<

 

“The Senate first has to decide
whether or not to question Zuckcr-
mart," he said. “i don‘t Ihirtk (the
Senate) will even pass that, much
less start impeachment proceedings.
l'rn sure the charges will just fizzle
out."

Marburgcr‘s second change in
policy of the semester, that of pro-
ltibiting hard liquor in dormitory
bars and eventually phasing-out
wine and beer in the same, has met
with relatively little student protest,
Saltz said.

Marburgcr‘s decision, made
about a week before classes slarlcd,
was based on the rationale that it is
“inappropriate” to have liquor in
the dorms, as they “were not
csrabhshcd for that purpose."

According to Saltz, onc campus

V was incorrectly reported that a

 

Plant Director Dennis Stevens

 

merit.

k

 

  
 
 

bar has closed completely, but

phulu: wui Yunnan

another, privately owned bar, has
been unaffected by Mnrburgcr’s
decision.

“Unfortunately, it is also the
highest-priced bar on campus,"
Sillll. added.

Salt! said that the University is
also experimenting with placing a
proposed i am. curfew on campus
parties.

Saltz said that it is his opiniort
that there has been no significant
student protest regarding the
alcohol limitations because the
students are “basically apathetic.

“The biggest problem is that in
three years, when no alcohol will be
allowed on campus bars, there will
be only a few who remember when
the decision was initially made, and
won‘t get as angry about it," he ad-
ded.

Bus Driver
Correction

in a recent issue of the ASP, it

    
 

 
    

sottrcc said “two bus drivers quit
and three more were hired.”

According to Eugene A.
Gilchrist, Assistant to the Vice
President for Finance and Business,
Plant Dept. Director Dennis
Stcvcns was correct in saying the

bus service has been reduced by the
' equivalent of two full—time from 24
positions in 1979 to 22 today.

in the l980-81 New York State
«v Bridget, the Albany campus re—
quested SlOl,900 to meet the
minimum wage increase which
became effective Jan. l, i980.
However, SUNYA was only funded
for $30,300. Therefore, Mr. Stevens

needed to decrease the number of
drivers. _ ' 

 

