“Wu-«v». .
w~..»..—. : _-_-

 

     

 

 

 

Page 46 - -v «‘7 g The Student Notebook Aspects ‘
' ﬂ 1 - - . V"! t i . . , I ..
When i Packed for my long weekend I' ASPec's Fun" ' Page 5“

wrapped my diaphragm in the folds of my
ﬂannel nightgown. Three kinds of encounters
were possible. One called for the diaphragm
mit schlag. we had the other two: the Dliiltinlf'
and the hostile. We slept stacked like spoons.

I He lay there spread eagle on my queen size
bed dreaming of pomegranates. reaching for
me as the sun was coming up. like the soapy
eyed Baby Shampoo boy for his towel. He
had the nerve to say to me "Michelle. c'mon.
go to class with a smile. F" be quick really."

 

"ill send out for some grapes and fan ladies.
The lute will be here momentarily." I said.
He did too many Molsons and Marlboros
last night. I was not going to kiss that mouth or
run downstairs and find my diaphragm ap-
plicator. For that would mean another 8
hours. Hell if l'm gonna play racquetball with
that thing in me.

She stood on the corner of Quail and
Western pretending to have showered. Eyed
an Indian and wondered if he'd be good on a
construction site. She stopped her dagger
dance when she saw a green forehead emerge
from the raspberry sky. Ahh. the SUNY bus.
grumbling, devouring the road like some Irate
customer with frozen butter on his toast. She
jockeyed for position. it stopped in front of the
lndian. He had dandruff. So much for
squatter's rights. They don't apply in the land
of the commuter. She climbed aboard. nodd-
ed to the stoic behind the wheel wondered if
his wife gives.

She sat down next to a granola man (pack
and boots at least $150) and felt for the soft
hard substance between her eyes. She rubbed
them and thought of the after bath angelic face
of the Baby Shampoo boy all ready to be tuck-
ed in. “These 8:00'5 are murder. it's not a nor-
mal thing l'm doing. You have to be sick. Sick.
They're just not healthy." she said aloud. He
turned his boysenberry cheeks and smiled.
He's all teeth - clean. white teeth. "My mother

Friday Observer

 

You know. l'm a tolerant kind of a guy. I
really am. You can tell me the Japanese out~
did Pearl Harbor by tailing an cx-Bcatlc and it
won't phase me. You can tell me Billy Carter
will replace Ben Parks in the Miss America
Pageant and l'll shrug my shoulders. You can
tell me that Soviet hitinx in Afghanistan might
deprive America of listening to Joe Garagiola
announce the Olympics and i won't bat an
eyebrow.

But there comes a time when you haw to
stand up to injustice. There comes a time
when they push you too far. There comes a
time when the forccs of wrong are so powerful
that you are knocked out of your apathetic'
daze and speak out for what is right in the
world.

You'll know what l'm talking about if you
take a drive up Madison Avenue to the corner
of Ontario. Take a good look. it won't hit you
right away, but when you realize what has
happened. l'm sure you'll feel the same sense
of disgust i did. You see. they've taken down
the Wall's Sub sign.

1 know it's hard to believe, but where once
there was to be a Big Dom's sign and a Walt‘s
Sub sign. there are now two Big Dom's signs
l‘m not sure when it happened. but I'll bet they
tried to sneak it by during vacation. But they
can't fool me. no sir. This isn't any five and

 

 

. in or around 1911. the last known
$pectmen of a race of people we have termed
:lndians" was "apprehended." i.e.. the last
wild. "unciviltzed" native American was
discovered somewhere in Nevada or Arizona
dying of starvation. He had no surviving fami-
ly or friends. and called himself “lshi.” the
word in his dialect for “man.” You see. it was
taboo among the people of lshi's tribe to refer
to oneself by one's given name; only others
could address you as such. Toward the end of
his life. which was cut short. ironically. by a
white man's disease —— tuberculosis. lsht was

Morning After

Conchita RoLﬂggez & Shirley Beans

would love you." she yawned. He opened a
copy of Mansfield Park. The stoic hit a bump
and she began to feel nauseus.

She thought of the warm body upstairs in
her room. She thought of that warm body
brushing its teeth. taking a warm shower. then
going on its merry way not even bothering to
make the bed. "A friend ls someone you can
be yourself with." —— Susan Polis Schultz.

The beige dome pressed against her insides.

i wonder If Kubla Khan ever thought It would
come to this. i wonder who else on this god-
damn bus ts wearing a diaphragm. 8—hours
with this thing in me. I feel like asking every
woman  . . And how many hours do you
.havc to go?" "Oh l've put In 3. My time's up
well after one. It's due to come out right in the
middle of French." Merde. she mouthed - and
that bastard has a day off tody. ‘

5 hours later at an unpopular bathroom
time she quietly left French class. The door
slammed behind her. "Prepare for ejection".
she mused as she passed a woman mascara-
tng in the mirror. She entered the last stall.

She was suspicious of last stall takers. Those

were the one's with diarrhea or bladder trou-
ble, timid paranoid people who can't pee if so-
meone else is in the room. coming to change a
tampon. take out a diaphragm. some even
come with pens.

She took out her little blue case and thought
about the time she did this at a greyhound bus
station after Disneyland. and in a sleeping bag
in Thatcher Park with Brian by flashlight. and
found she had put it in upside down.

The last stall giggled. opened; Michelle went
to the sink to rinse it out. Yech. but it's wither
this. or the pill and cancer. She turned the
water off. "Free at last." she said. She had
heard that somewhere before,

He was reading Zen and the Art of Motorcy-
cle Maintenance. lhad gone through six of the
Nine Stories. It had been that kind of Satur-
day. We reached for the books that brought us
comfort. He shimmin up the fine stalks of
consciousness. while I dug for potatoes at the
roots. We were edgy as the two blades of a
scissor. slicing close to one another. but cutv
ting only air.

We Want Walt!

 

"There comes a time when the forces of wrong

are so powerful that you are knocked out of

your apathetic daze and speak out for what is
right in the world."

 

dime sign we're talking about. A Wall's sub
was the perfect and to a partying weekend
evening. A Walt's sub was what you ordered
on campus when you couldn't bring yourself
to eat asparagus Marco Polo. A Walt's sub was
tradition. man.

I know the subs are still around in their
greasy splendor. but it's just not the same Go
ahead. get drunk. Roam from bar to bar.
Stumble into Bogarts and listen to the Units.
Drink a few more pitchers of brew. Then you
get that urge for roast beef with extra peppers.
You know. the kind of food that has you burp-
ing for days on end.

But it is difficult to communicate now that
there aren't any Walt's subs. When you're this
drunk. verbalization is difficult. It's impossible

to say "Let's get a Big Dom's sub." That's too
many words. Now Walt's subs, that flow off
the toungue. it's like a primal scream:
"Waaaaaaalt's sub!" you'd grunt. and
everyone was headed for the door. That can't
happen any more.

Now Big Dom has muscled himself and his
face on every poster and billboard in town. We
all know the face Balding dome. wide,
hungry grin. big moustache. eighty~three
chins. He's Big Dom all right Eat enough subs
and you can look just like him. boys and girls.

Big Dom has always had his puss in the
newspaper ads, but we all had this feeling
about Walt. Nobody knew who Walt really
was. but i always got the impression that he
was sort of a benevolent fellow who preferred

!

'l'eddy For President

 

Kl
Why are our values so

jumbled that men like

Ted Kennedy exist?”

 

perceive an inherent wisdom about the
"mysterious East." Einstein's curve in the
space~time continuum, or simply "time." is
perceived quite differently in the East as op-
posed to the West. "The Scream" is the

lc:an the end of The Grapes of Wrath a film
never seen before. Sittin in a '
Pa says ‘0 Ma: 9 n old truck.

lm no good anymore and l know it."

in the way we men pursue and “i-niuv
orgasm » quickly, momentarily, and floating
While women. on the other hand. kind of
coast through it with smiles on their faces

Worth mentioning that there are no femalc
deities in any Western religion. in contrast to
the Eanh mothers and matriarchs of Bud
dhtsm and native American religions (which
“er technically. sects of the East given their
ASlmlC I’OOtSl. Why are our values so jumbled

locked tight against the cold of the shoots ritltl
o more. Two old friends. in bed 'I'i'iitirtive
fingertip explorations. and a retreat litlii strip].
innocent as sandbox playmates. '

Then. the next day. the charges \'tit1 w...”
from me what I can't giva. he took .i alt‘i'lililil
bag to the basement. slept down llttlti‘. rim.
the cords of firewood. the cats. tlu» (lurk
fermenting beer. '

i lay awake. twisted in my nightgown, rilltl
thought. Had l wanted to seduce him" (jiiiiliil
have expected him to think otherwisc'.J la lmv
lng an affair with a friend a good idea" 'I‘irii-zi‘i
ing with the alchemy of relationships is ii flit lily
business; Ortho-gynol makes it especially dip
pery.

Right now. a woman stands at a siiil. tilm
ing off her diaphragm. washing away f'litl‘dtilt
mations. seductions. infidelities. It all littllx» llii’
same. like the jelly on cold geflltu f|'~li the
diaphragm is untroublcd by the (llSlliitllIri‘ta
between lovers and friends that we stirriigluii
with. The rubber deteriorates at a Utihlriiil
rate. regardless. The spermicide kills

I know I would have enjoyed tlrr‘ l'ih’
making, smiled when I woke with him iii l'it‘
morning. But. the way it turned out. i *ii-rlw‘.
not even hug him tightly when 1 fair lt ii.. vim;
have been misinterpreted. New (lllllllliiti.~‘~
had been issued. making old uridcistiriiri: i-
suspect. l had nothing to wash off. lriii .riwi
had gone down the tubes. I

Tom Marietta

 

 

to remain in the background. The typir  i
would let Big Dom do the ad work \K'llllr’ 
made the SUNY tuna specials. Thu 'riiH

 

Now that they've taken Walt's sign rinir-
l'm a little worried. What has happuiicii !
Walt? Big Dom looks awfully tough Mii'.lr
they got into an argument and Dom thou: . ‘
poor Walt in Russian dressing or SDHTL‘llIlli i

There really should be an investigation ;:.w
Walt's whereabouts. The next time vi m '-
down by Bogarts. get a bunch of your (ii-rim-
and chant "We want Walt. We want Wiili
That'll get the message across.

Even if Dom simply bought Walt our ii
would be much better for business to keep l1»
name. After all. when Mr. McDonald sold Hui
his corner stand many years ago. the nu...
owner wisely kept his name and turned rt liiitl
quite a business. Consider if they did what Big

om did. Do you think they would have heart
able to sell 10 billion hamburgers in a fast frmil
chain named "Kroc's".

If you can read this. Walt. I'd like to tell vuu
that there are people in your corner and that
we refuse to let your memory die Y m
understood our needs. and you became ii part
of our SUNYA lives. You knew that we were
well»bred college students with a high standard
of 'eating. More importantly. you know that
we d eat anything when we were high. .

Bob O’Brian

behind the brawn. 

Where did the West go wrong? i think it's

 

l'm going where those chilly winds don't
blow cause I ain't gonna be treated this of'

way.

Well. Albany winters were part of the
reason why I was in Oakland over this past
vacation. Another reason. however. and pro-
bably startling to those who can't relate. was to
catch some Grateful Dead shows.

Mitch A. Greebei

When l had first began to anticipate this
vacation. California was the target of my in-
tentions. Circumstances beyond my control.
though. forced me to temporarily alter my
plans. But two weeks prior to our hiatus. the
thought struck me — what was I to dolor New
Years? The idea of missing the opening of a
new decade with The Dead. that mystical
band of the Bay. immediately convinced me
to realign my priorities and pursue my original
plans. 50 off i went.

The strange and contradictory emotions il-
licited from the Grateful Dead. are intense
love by its loyal fairs on one hand and intense
feelings of hatred by those who irate them.
(ley say ignorance is bliss.) Like many peo-
ple who consider themselves a "Dead Head".
1 found at first a difficulty in understanding
them. THEM! Yes. "St. Stephen" is a great
tune. both Wurkr‘rrgniriii's Dead and Arnericun

 

 

“Hmm, I
thought, $25 in
my pocket, on
easy ticket, on
easy hitch, I’ll be
there...

 

Beauty are good toe-tappin' country rock
albums. But where is the magic I had often
heard so much of? l wondered. The answer. it
seems {it least for me. was found not in vinyl
but rather in the flush -— the answer to the
boys' magic was in their live performance. Un-
bounded energy coming smack at me, not
through two stereo speakers. but stacks upon
stacks (ll amps. Literally blowing me away. So
this is what it's about. I thought. Live Dead!
After experiencing this first concert I had a
nnrclr better understanding of what The Dead
were about. During the latter part of the. con-
cert someone next to nw mentioned the fact
that they were going to be playing the next
night only three hours away. lltnrn. I thought.
$25 in my pocket. on cosy ticket. an easy
hitch. I'll be lltL’l't! . . , so the saga of a Dead
llr-iul is bi'grrn.

So iiiiryirv you're asking yourself some
questions about llit.’ buys. from a humble start
of pliryirrii in tho atit't‘ls’ ()l The l‘laight. lhe
Dvnrl ltt‘tlitli with thy irrrmc The Warlocks.
lllitlt'l‘ tlri-i not well-known mimic. the band
had no irurl Silt'tl’ﬁh Won though they had
lilitdt‘ .i tll'lllt) iilhurn. By the timcl they had
lit.’t'l)ll)t’ 'l'lrr- ("l't‘fl'ful l)t'rt(l. it place had been
ft)llllll for llit‘lli in! that oftcn talked about.
“Will i
’l'lrc Murry l'lrllil(.‘rlUl'S. Yes. it that
\vrirrdvrfirl llllll‘ in Amcricmi history when
eating .rr’irl was not ir crime and its exploitation
iifliiliril syndrornv. The Dead had
outdoor shows and
the hapless leader of

WilS

was .r n
playr-il tiiit' of their
unbckiriiwirsl to thorn.
tlru l’irruksti'is. Kt’il (Orw Flew Over the
Cuckoo's NUS/l Kcsuy. who was in the an»
The initial

.rlln-il iil‘liill lrrinily of freaks known its

 

“Let my inspiration flow.”

 

roll. with the psychedelia of the times. provid-
ed a form of music which had never been real-
ly attempted before. Their results were more
effective than any of the other average acid
rock groups of the 605. They seemed to have

. let us say. perfected the very art of
"space".

The Bay scene in the late sixties provided a
perfect setting for The Dead from their beginn-
ing to their taking it on tour. 710 Ashbury
Street in The Haight had been. for a number
of years. the housing for The Dead and their
family. Telegraph Street. Berkeley. even to-
day still shows remnants of what was once
referred to as a "Freak's Paradise". The Dead
and their following had a very firm foundation
in the Bay area to say the least. but by the time
the ‘68»‘09 Live Dead tour was over. their fans
were no longer limited to California. By way of
Bill Graham. the promotor"s promoter. whose
role in Apocalypse Now was a more than true
to life portrayal. their style of music was

'13.. «.i ‘1 r   . .i
Ibi ought to the good old Fillmore East.

   

The early seventies showed some of the
band's most inspirational. as well as powerful.
inusic. Space become the. place at a Dead
show. And as The Acid Tests with Kasey first
helped them into the lirncmlight (through T.
Wolf's Electric Kool Aid Acid Test). the magic
"'Cltl" was always present in the crowd's
bloodstrermr as well as In the band's. though

called of course Europe '72. followed. After
this highly successful year was a year filled
with sorrow. Ron "Pigpen" McKernan died of
a stomach hemorrhage. With Pigpen gone. his
passing helped dissipate what seemed to be a
large link to the 605. Nonetheless. they were
— as always — back on the road by the sum-
mer of ‘73 until their temporary break-up in
late ‘74.

Each member of the band took time to do
their own thing for fourteen months and then
it was back together again. Through the next
progression of albums. different forms of
music were attempted. Though a bit
mellower. it still consisted of powerful rock.
"Eyes". "Scarlet Begonias". and "Franklin's
Tower" are examples of the new branches of
music that The Dead were climbing. The tour-
ing picked up again in 1976 and hasn't really.
stopped to this day. Though faces have
changed over the years. the basic nucleus of

 

   

- ' 35.1.; H.” Magi."
the band has remained intact. Jerry 6.. Ace
Weir. Phil Lush. and Bill "The Drummer".
Seeing them today might give the impres-
sion that they've always been “commercially
successful". Their roots are still very much
derived from those who have rlwclled in the
streets of the Bay area, it's not surprising either
that their latest alburrr. Shakedown Street.
outsold all their previous albums combined.

{it

“CW IS The 'I'Ime '0 'I'ell '

people from many different places getting
together to rock on out (or space out). Painted
faces and doses of acid were more often than
not a large ingredient found on and in the
bodies of those at the concerts. Slowly but
surely l began to feel more and more comfor-
table following The Dead, as weil as being part
of all the craziness that goes along with it. The
unity created in the air. though often
generated by hallucinogens, could be felt even
without a drug. One could )ust walk through
the crowd feeling the energy.

As of this very moment. for me at least.
walking into a Dead concert. anywhere. feels
like . . . going home (no violins. please).
Familiar faces can be seen everywhere. l’ve
often walked through a crowd trying to match
faces from past concerts. It's sort of like play—
ing Name That Face . . .

Following a Dead tour. quite honestly.
brought me to some cities as well as states that
l definitely wouldn't have seen otherwise
From down south in Hampton Beach. Va..
bookin' Northwest. through Ontario and two
border checks. to Ann Arbor. Mich.. as far
west as Cape Cod, Mass.. to the ultimate
"Pilgrimmage". the closing of Winterland in
San Francisco. California. And though these
long hauls might appear to be more of a
burden than a joy. I can't really agree
(usually). Getting there is half the fun. in fact.
truckln' to a Dead show seams to be what it's
all about — hitting the open road for a great
time — meeting northerners. southerncrs.
midwcsterners . . . The network [5 just . .'-
amazing. Anywhere and everywhere new'
friends are found — ones you know you won't

see again. until maybe you make it back to
Buttfuck. USA for another show.

Attempting to catch more than one or two
shows on a given tour can have its drawbacks
too. The Dead. you see. are always touring.
Unlike any other band that‘s ever been. they
never really take a break. And because they
don't do a "tour". their shows are varied.
though sometimes not varied enough. This is
quite unlike any other major band which
would do the same show continually
throughout their tour. School. it seems. is
usually in session when there is a tour going
on. The lack of money also can stifle the at-
tempt of seeing more than a few shows . . .
nonetheless. the music never stops and very
often giving up a show 400 miles away may
enable you to catch two within one hour of
each other.

Whatever . . . As I said. i traveled this past
vacation to the other coast to see the beautiful

Californian sunset and catch some shows.

Neither let me down. The sun shined for most

of the two and a half weeks l spent there and

the shows were amazing with some surprises
from the past. The walk into the Oakland

Auditorium sent my senses a i'eelin' and a

rockin'. That familiar. confortable feeling

began to become more than a feeling. Faces
from Pittsburgh. Baltimore. Utah. Providence
and even some former Albanians passed by
me as I stood there. The lights went out and it
was once again time for the good old boys to
take the stage. Like Bill Graham said.
"They're not the best at what they do. they're
the only ones that do what they do!"
May all your dreams go up in smoke
Wiilr reclolence of hash & coke
And once again well stone your head
As you rejoin the Grateful Dead
- Judge Bruce Wright 0

...so the saga of
a Dead Head is
begun.”

 

 

 

 

that min like Ted Kennedy exist? Here is a
m" s m ks‘ man w o is drive ' -
mm: n. E; wzwog‘zsoughing great and power - he runs h't's 'j'a'br'flgrzbibsi': (d'i'erZ'gi'a'f'
“team. We keep 90mg mi) mm.mW\:}r;:tlikeﬂa ding his wife. his mother. and the odds. And

' r ‘ When some crazed fanatic finally does pump a
bullet into Teddy Kennedy. ldon't think l'ii be

rlii'rici' took it strung liking to them.
ting was all Kusuy itt’f‘tlL’tl to realize that
ersonirl qualities. joined with
very simply  The Acid
irscurrt into the national

Ma re " '
pl'es' The” because you man do which tells you both how financially strappeci
they were before the mid-seventies. and how
commercial they have become . . .

. . .Whtch brings me back to where l was a

little while ago. The following of a Dead tour.

: asked -— after he had lived in the white man's
cities. eaten the white man's food. and ad-
' justcd himself to the American way of life — to
’ - assess the white man's world. lshl said that the
 white man was “smart. but not  '

this probably disturbed those outside the acid
scene then. as it does to those people who
aren't "experienced" now. Acid usually stirred
the loyal followers. the Dead Heads. to a level
on par with the band's. which only added in

analogy used by Lao~Tzu and Hermann Hesse
to describe alternate perspectives on time and
subsequently. the way one carries on their life.
One seeks their own level. like the stream. and
flows around the rough spots. This dichotomy

rut-u
this hirrrrl's own pi
acid. could produce
Tests. Sn began their

is it any wonder that women are disgusted

 

 

 

 

. with the insanit t "
15"” ati’t’raisal of what can be Paraphrased in time Wipective even more of y 0 w” and 0"” opp’cssw" ' ' ' U ' '
, ‘ u me ..wwem WM" Is I think mmnmwy mm” Mo emu comm“ Pr ofundly forms of self-expression. and have traditional. “blc to invest enough emotth in the matter to m rlnlr; I. l mud ammwd “I B!” ...rhc "w "mgk of The Dead. “m ms. .Ourl wally (enqwkd was very mangc ‘ ‘
l ’v i' insightful. One need only 'to delve'superftciall ple — men and women 9 groups 0 pee" '5’ When against them? This basic rift betwee "oneﬂ'y' "we a 5"" No' "W's ""' "'m' "" ‘ " "'1' kwritziniin ilob Weir. Phil Lush. The years passcd and The Dead were still as well as interesting. llicl‘e lS anfeellng 0f 'i

‘ V - sexes in self and world conCe 2 PTObably cry with everyone else. But my cry l """".';;" ‘ ..‘MtiKm-n'm. and Jerry “Captain very much alive. The tour of ‘72brought them gradual lnlllﬁllon lltiO iltL’ family and lht‘ 

P [rim igput ' whole scene. Herc, l thought. Were all these .‘i

 Taoism and other E

 

astern rel

 

This not catto v
M tg P V5 n.lhad the pleasureof cat- fWCliaschaun Wont be just far Camelot, of country rock n' trito EuropeAVery popular record follow‘up,

, human race.

    

 

it'll be for if): ‘, («i

g) manifests itself most obviously Trips“ Gm.” “my mixture

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I H ._

 

