 

 

..PagaGa

instruments:

 

ith the emigration of co-founder
and vocalist Jon Anderson and
I keyboardist Rick Wakeman, the

new Yes took stage last week at the Civic
Center In Glens Fails. To a less than capacity
crowd, Yes performed an energetic and im-
pressive display of talent and musicianship.
Yes now includes co-founder and bassist
Chris 5 utre ion time uttarist Steve ,

Tom Lustik

Howe, and percussionist Alan White. The
two new members, vocalist Trevor Horne
and keyboardist Geoff Downes, are from an
electronic pop band formerly known as the
Buggies. The Buggies, an English band,
achieved minimal success having released
one album entitled Living in the Plastic Age.
Horne and Downes took the opportunity
and joined Yes back in May of this year.
The show takes place ‘in the round'. The
group erforms on a circular rotating stage .

 

 

 

set in the middle of the auditorium. When
the circular curtain on center stage rises dur-
ing the end,o£thé3’lnhoddctow munic, the--
band makes their appearance.

Yes started off the show with a cut from
their new album, Drama. The song, ‘Does it
Really Happen', was dominated by a heavy
bass line and spatial keyboard arrangements.
After the first number, the crowd was less
than enthusiastic. However, breaking into
one of their classics, “Yours is No Disgrace".
the audience started to perk up a bit. "Yours

wiirLAihum

fter frolicking on the beach last year
54 with their hit “Rock Lobster", the
1' 8-525 have hit paydirt again with
their gew album Wild Planet.
This five-piece band from Georgia gained
notoriety by playing snappy music and wear-
in bouffant hair 05

Ed Pl'nka

The exotic hairstyles worn by lemae
vocalists Kate Pierson and Cindy Wilson,.
popular in the 60's, were called 8-52'5,
which is where the group derives it's n irne.

As for their music, the B-52's sound as
distinct as they do familiar, Drummer Keith
Strickland and guitarist Ricky Wilson, who
uses only four strings, are the backbones of
the B-52's heavy dance—beat and sixty-ish

 

 

official bass guitar in the band.

Bounds", A typical B-52's song with the
lyrics devoted to only the most pressing of
topics — party crashing. Fred and the girls

your party receives some uninvited guests.

“Dirty Back Road" features just Kate and
Cindy on vocals. and while the beat ls
lighter, Ricky’s guitar playing, with hooks
and notes timed perfectly throughout the
song, make this one of the best tunes on the
album.

“Give Me Back My Man" was the single
thorn this albumlmAslde from being very_

 

 

 

sound. Lead vocalist Fred Schnieder and the i
girls add occasional (extra guitars, keyboard, '
bass and assorted other sounds. There is no _,

Wild Planet's first number is “Party Out of

trade lines in this lament about what to do if j '

Sound 6’: Vision

resin The launch

Is No Disgrace"featured a short solo by
guitarist Steve Howe, who remains true to
form, This was the first time many Yes fans
have heard someone other than Anderson
vocalize a Yes song. Trevor Horne fared well
although he could not reach the high notes
Anderson has been known to achieve.

“into the Lens", from Drama, followed.
The song features Buggle-ish type lyrics and
a tight musical arrangement. The Buggie
type lyrics are mostly evident by the line “i
am a camera", which is repeated several
times throughout this piece.

Steve Howe picked up one of this acoustic
guitars and stepped into the spotlight. Yes
f'ans seemed to know right away what was in
store for them, The tune composed by
Howe, is all acoustic and has a country
ﬂavor to it. Watching Howe perform "The
Clap" was exciting and exhilarating.

The group then broke into "And You and

  
 
 

'l" to the newy re es ed audience. This

song featured Howe on steel and electric
guitars. The 'vocals are crucial to the sound

of this song. Again, Horne failed to reach the

high notes that the fans are accustomed to
hearing from Anderson.

“(30 Through This", a previously
unrecorded and unreleased song, was a
short rocker. Steve Howe's electric guitar
riffs were featured again. Traces of a new
progressive Yes sound were found in this
number. By evidence of this song and

-52

 

 

 

 

 

 

Drama, the group seems to be doing a little

more rocking than usual.
Geoff Downes performed "Man in a White

Downes added an excerpt from a well '
known Buggle‘s song “Video Killed the
Radio Star". The fans, who liked the Bug-
gle's sound, cheered Downes on, and this
seemed to relax him a bit. Downes sang the
lyrics through a vocoder, an apparatus that
encompasses a microphone and synthesizer.
As Downes sang, his voice was synthesized
and sounded as it it were bubbled through
water. After Downes finished his solo, he
continued Into the opening organ lines of
"Parallels". Composed by Squire, the tune
was done well by the band, especially the
vocals.

Another unrecorded song, "We Can Fly
from Here", was played following
“Parallels”. The tune was dominated by the
vocals of Trevor Home, This is the first song
the new band wrote together back in May.
Yes has always arranged their music
together and the same is true now.
However, Anderson. Squire, and Howe
wrote most of the old lyrics. There seems to
be a new trend in yes, involving all members
of the band in the lyric writing process.

After being introduced, Chris Squire took
center stage for his solo. The sound of
"Amazing Grace" emanated from his bass
guitar. With the rest of the group adding a
few notes, Squire broke into his well known
composition. “The Fish". This happens to be
his nickname because of his astrological sign,
Pisces. He played the piece with the energg
and stamina that he has been known to ex
hibit.

The style of the next tune, from the Drama'
album, was provided by Squire's Ricken-
backer basn guitar. “Tempus Fugit", or as
Trevor Horne said “Time ﬁles by the
English", is reminiscent of the Tormato
album. The harmonized bass lines played by
ISquire are similar to the lines on “Release,
Release" and “On the Silent Wings of
Freedom". However, "Tempus Fugit" is
more of a rocker.

Escaping from various systems and the
evils of technology, are the thoughts behind
"Machine Messiah". This piece was one of
the high points of the concert. Alan White
was headlined on drums and during his solo

bout

'parts, the drums lifted up and spun in the
opposite direction of the rotating stage. The
song also featured short solos by all members

Car", off of the new album, for his solo. of the group.

Trooper". Security could not hold back the

IMBPHIVVOi

I please the ears and beat the feet.

September 19, 1980
\

Yes' last song was the classic "Starship

crowd any longer as they rushed the stage.
The band enjoyed the enthusiasm by the au-
dience and gave a fine rendition of the song.
i did notice that Trevor Horne enjoyed the
fervor of the people and he became more
comfortable on stage. His exhibition of per-
sonality gave the people more to relate to.

The encore was another favorite. After the
first few notes, the audience realized what
was coming. "Roundabout", Yes' commer-
cial success, was done with much power and
skill. This/song pulled the concert together
because the band had played both classics
from old albums and covered most of
Drama. This is what Yes fans have been ex-
periencing at these concerts for years.

Yes' musical arrangements still have not
changed. The incorporating convoluting
structures are still present. This is due to the
fact that the instrumental core of the band is
still together. The tightness of Howe, Squire,
and White was evident while performing.
Nonetheless, the band on the whole kept in
time and performed old material well.
Presently, there is some Bugglc influence in
the music as one could tell from the show
and Drama. Horne and Downes are con—
tributing to the new sound of Yes, but an
outside,influence like the Buggies has not
hurt the quality of Yes' music.

Vocals were always important to Yes.
With the recent departure of Anderson, to
pursue a solo career, there was a large void
to fill in the band. Horne came short of filling
Anderson's missing stage presence. Ander-i
son was more lively and open to the au-'
dience. Home, on his first tour with Yes,
vas expected to be a little apprehensive
about the fan reaction. Even before the con-
cert, people that i talked to told me they
thought Yes is no longer Yes. '

Yes is, and always has been, a progressive
band. Their once again changing sound has”
varied greatly with each new change in band
personnel. in time, Home and Downes
should feel more comfortable in the band
and live up to the fans' expectations.

Yes is still powerful, positive, and most of
all, still Yes.

good, the song has a new, unique, B-52's
sound. Producer Rhett Davies (of Roxyl
Music fame) adds background noises and'
sounds to the tune so that until Cindy starts
singing, the song resembles something you'd‘
hear from The Cars.

The successor to "Rock Lobster" seems tol
be “Private Idaho". Trading in screams for,
ooh's and bikini whales for potatoes, _
"Idaho" features a constant and steady
drumming, a scaring guitar by Ricky and the '
perfect exchanges of vocals by Fred, Cintly'
and Kate.

"Devil in My Car" is about joyriding with
the devil. it's the weakest song musically on
the album. This weakness is due to its repeti~
tion and length.

"Quiche Lorraine", besides its spacey aire.
thanks to the girls' background vocals and
organ playing, is another song with deep
lyrics. Fred tragically loses his love. a dark
green Poodle, to a Great Dane. Smitten, he
locks her kennel and throws the key away.

The next tune "Strobe Light", is another
hot one. This song is coordinated very well
musically, like “Lava” off the debut albmn.
Aside from the driving beat, "Slmhc Light",
features interesting exchanges and breaks
between the vocals and instruments.

"53 Miles West of Venus" also features
Kate and Cindy on vocals as well as a tight
musical arrangement and a haunting
melody.

The distinct sound and incredible beat of
the B-52's is something that should be ex-
perienced by all. This album Is guaranteed to

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

tember 19, 1980 , .

 

 

 

.- n n
I'. 'I'A-

The Movies You’ll Probany

eep down, most of us remember

the movies that were hits. This year

there haven't been that many hits,

nd so 1980 will probably be thought of as
1n insignificant year for movies. The thing is,
ere have been good films that have come
ut this year — Fame, The Great Santini,
nd a few other films that have come and
one rather quickly. (HBO subscribers at

' I I
. rm Dixon
 can see The Great Santini under the it-
t: The Ace.) in some other cases good, if
» of great, films have been dumped by their
istribuiors with no fanfare. The movies
. on’t get heard about and they don't get
en.
This happened just last week with Michael

' ressman's Those Lips, Those Eyes, which
ars Frank Langella, of Dracula fame. Simp-

 

” the story of a pro-med student who finds

ve in a summer stock company, Those
ps, Those Eyes, is an unimportant but

i oroughly enjoyable movie. Apparently its

istributors didn't have any faith in it. it

1‘ ayed about one week in the Capital District
almost empty houses.

5
'.' ironically, most of the people who didn't

e it would have liked it. i frankly wasn't ex-
: cling much, and in fact would have to say
' o what?" if i had to rate it. But llliked it. it
w ad nothing to say and was nothing notable
“linematically, but it was an enjoyable night
ut. (And Langella gave a fine performance
,Is a summer stock star who dreams in vain
pf taking on Broadway.) The performances
rom Thomas Hulce, who played the naive
" a hman in National Lampoon's Animal

 

 

douse, Glynnis O'Connor of Ode To Billy
Joe and Jerry Stiller were uniformly good;
the direction was simple, restrained and
V' sured, and the script was both amusing
and moving. in other words, it'll make a
great Late Movie. Pity most of you will have
‘0 wait until it is a late movie to see it. (And
lllen you'll miss the sure-toAbe-censored love
scene between Huice and O'Connor, which
was beautifully done.)

The commercially-minded goon squads
that run movie distribution have struck again
this wer' , with The Mountain Men. This one
is really amazing because how anyone can
figure there's no commercial potential in a
movie that topltnes Charlton Heston is just
beyond me. l can't say that The Mountain
Men is a great movie; in fact it seldom rises
above fair. But compared to the low level of
quality exhibited in the bulk of films foisted

 

 

 

  

Soundﬁﬁ _\{isior j v. .

on an unsuspecting public this summer, it's
an uncompromising breath of fresh air.

The Mountain Men, which was written by
Heston's son Fraser, chronicles the exploits
of two aging mountain trappers in the first
half of the nineteenth century. it bears a
strong resemblance to the film Jeremiah
Johnson. The script is flawed in a number of .
ways, but it does have the virtue of being
generally tight, and this is the first good part
Heston's had in years. '

Unfortunately, the plausibility of the plot is
stretched by unlikely coincidences. it's bad

'enough when one character is presumed
dead and later re-emerges alive, but Fraser
Heston does this twice. The irony of the
theme — an aging white trapper realizing
he's used up the wilderness he lives in — is
unnecessarily diluted by a tendency to go
back and let the lndians say (with incredible
foresight) what is going to happen to the
frontier. The point was more effectively and
ironically made through the white trappers.
The lndians don't always have to be por-
trayed as psychic superman.

Possibly the worst part of all is the Michele
Legrand musical score. The slick, heavy,
over-orchestrated music is jarringly inap'
propriate to the primitive western settings. 1
could've given the movie another two points
on a ten point scale if it had had either a bet-
ter score, or no score at all.

Despite its handicaps, Charlton Heston's
performance and Richard Lang's direction
manage to make the film better than
bearable. Heston is a very talented actor who
seldom gets scripts good enough for him.
One has only to re-evaluate his work in Will
Penny, Planet of the Apes, or Julius Caesar
to realize this. Richard Lang, one of the latest
directors to come out of TV, is suprisingly
good. He never relents with the violence —
making it strong, but stopping short of
sadism, which isn't always easy considering
the amount of it allowed for in the script. He

may well be, in fact, the best action director
to emerge since Sam Peckinpah.

The Mountain Men, if no masterpiece, is
not the negllgable work it appears to be.
However, no one's heard of it, so i expect
that like Those Lips, Those Eyes, it'll leave
the area rather quickly. The real pity here is
the waste it represents for Charlton Heston,
who really deserves a solid hit with artistic
merit. The Mountain Men, with a good
rewrite and a better score, could have been
just what the doctor ordered, but it fell short.

Possibly because The Long Riders and
Tom Horn didn't do well at the box office,

. 6/

’_ ‘ - . .

the distributers figured that the western really
is dead after all. i tend to doubt this, because
while the western experiences periodic ups
and downs in popularity, it never seems to
fall permanently out of fashion. (Michael
Cimino's upcoming Heaven's Gate may be
the Apocalypse Now of westerns.)

The root of the problem is that people,
without a great deal of insight, are presently
deciding what you'll see at the movies. The
disappointing results of a few scattered sneak
preview screenings, or the failure of another

 

“I .
..

    

1'. j.

     

film in the same genre is enough to scare
these distributors off a project. (The assump-
tion being that the smaller the loss the better,
and if the movie's going to be a flop, why
spend money on publicity and increase the
size of the loss. The aspect they seem
unaware of is that without publicity, no one
hears about the movie, so it’s bound to be a
flop.) There is no solution to the problem ex-
cept to be aware of what's out, and go —-
even if they don't plug it. Otherwise, you'll
never know what you might be missing.

 

 

 

  

‘l',\
C
Q} a?

(\“q' .
o

66’
a 9'5

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

