um... .._..- 114mg aw .

 

 

 

 

Top SUN YA C Spot On 1719 Line 

by Bob Beliafiore

Potsdam State -—- SUNYAC
champ four years in-a-row. NCAA
ﬁnalist in 1979, and member of the
final eight in last year's national
tournament. and top-ranked in the
East this year. invades University
Gym tomorrow night at 8:30 to
renew'what is the hottest rivalry ill
the conference.

“it feels a lot different." Albany
guard and co-captairl Ray Cesare
said. “Everyone will be a little bit
edgy. it‘ll be up to me and Rob
(Clunc) to try atld calm everyone
down."

"it's a very intctlsc. very good
rivalry," stated Potsdam basketball
coach .lerry Welsll. “Both scllools
have well respected progratns, and
the players are very hardworking
and competitive."

Atty time these two' teams get
together, it’s bound to become an
event. Last year. in front of a
shoulder-to-shoulder crowd in
University Gynt. the Bears won.
70-68. on a fast break with seconds
to go in overtinle. Later in the
season, the Danes evened the score
with an 88-86 victory in a rnust-win
game for Albany, at Potsdam's
Maxcy Hall. Then, ill the finals of

Danes Hold On To

by Paul Schwartz.
OSWI-LGO — When the Albany
State basketball team took the court
to face Oswego Wednesday night,
they realized a few things. The
Dulles krtew Oswego, a longtime
palsy till the schedule. had improv-
ed. and to sul'fcr a letdown ——
especially with Potsdam on the
horizon —— could be a costly

   
 
    

11'

Albany forward Joe Jednack lights for a loose ball earlier this season In the

the NCAA Northeast regional. the
Bears took advantage of some Dane
misses and the home crowd, taking
the rubber-game and the tourrlcy.
87-72.

Both Albany and Potsdam are
the top contenders for the
SUNYAC title this year and.
although it is very early ill the
séason. both have a sllot all NCAA
poo-season play.

“it’s a very big conference
game.“ said Albany basketball
coach Dick Sauers. “it's \cry
significant — it‘s about as signifi-
cant as you cart get.“

The squads are both undefeated.
with 3-() records. The Danes have
beaten ()swcgo, Rochester institute
of 'l‘cchnology. and Upstlltt (ranked
just beltirld l’otsdam ill the cast).
lint Albany ltas only been truly irn-
pressivc against Upsttla.

The ilctlrs opened up witlt a
iZU-SS drudging of Mc(iill College.
a Canadian school. then beat
Oswego. 97-72. and St. Lawrence
University. Ills-30.

“We've bcell playing \ery well."
Welsh said.

llut Potsdam‘s contest witll Utica
was cancelled Wednesday rtigllt.
which means that the Bears halen't

mistake.

When a sky-high ()swego club
broke tllcir spirited prc-gatllc lltld-
dlc alld stormed. otlto the court.
they were also aware of the situa-
tion. Gotle was veteran coach lch‘-
nard Boo/er and most of the
players front the most disrltal of
Lakcr teams — tllc ones that left as
a it y a 45-gamc losing streak to

Broekporl tournament. (Photo: Dave Maebson)

played in over two weeks.

“We needed a game ill there."
Welsh said. "because its like the
first garlic of the season now."

But lay off or not. the Bears are
still stacked with talent —— very
stacked.

For one thing. lhcrc‘s first teanr
All-American cerltcr Derrick
Rowland with his l7.l poirlts per
game average from 1979-30. The
6-4. I95 ponrld senior is strong
ulldet neuth lllc basket and can lcttp.

and his 220 rcbottrlds led l’otsdam ‘

last year.

There is also tenacious point
guard lid .iachlm. As SUNYAC
Most Valuable Player last year. he
was the floor general of the llcttrs.
notching 2|i assists while canning
13 points per gatlte. (.‘otltrolling
him could be a key to Albany‘s
garlic plan, and that will be up to
the Danes‘ Rob Clunc.

Another element to the llcnr
machine is 6-2, 200 pound junior
Maurice Woods. A superb jumper
and outside shooter. Woods scored
the winning basket in l’otsdam's
win irl Albany last season. A second
learn All-SUNYAC performer. lte
averaged 13.6 points all outing ill
1979-80.

     

.

ASP Top Ten

Polsdunl's All-American center Derrick Rowland leads the Bears into

 
 

page 15

“tibia” ‘ ‘

University Gym tomorrow night. (Photo: Dave Machson)

l-iourlding out the starting five
will be forward Scott Frarlko and
guard Dana Mitchell. Franko a
veteran. possesses a soft-touclr
front the outside. and is best known
for his play irl clutcll situations.
Mitcllell missed several games last

year due to disciplinary problems.
but is set thrs season. He likes to
run. and Albany lrlust watch for
that.
“We still have sorltc problems
ntatclling up with them." Sorters
continued on pageﬂfleen

Habits; Beat Oswego, 72-48

NCAA opponents. Wednesday‘s
home opener was a new beginning:
a large crowd. a new. young coach.
and a new attitude.

But old habits die hard. The
Dalles wort. 72-43.

Not that Albany ran over the
Lttkcrs as they have ill the past. The
Danes got off to an ii-Z lead ill the
first seven minutes. but it could
hardly be called a streak. as the
Lakers shot thcrnsches ollt of tile
garlic early. Oswego's Mark Cup-
perrtull went 0-7. Dave (‘halifotts
was 0-4 —— big reasons tllc Lakcrs
connected on just five of 21 first
half shots. and though not perform-
illg at peak efficiency. Albany was
able to build comfortable leads
tllrotrgllout the contest.

“()fl'cnsivcly. we played like we
did against Ri'l‘." said Albany
basketball coach Dick Saucrs. “We
were very impatient. and we were
not executing well. Our rltart-to-
tllttn defense was good. though."

“We played ilt spurts." said
Dane guard Rob Chine. “We didn‘t
play as well as we cotlld have. hlll
we played well enough."

One Dane who played more than
well enough was forward l’ctc
Stanish. l-litting on cigltl of tell
shots front the floor. the 6-2 senior
riddled Oswego with strong drives
and short jutnpcrs. finishing with a
tidy 21 points (his career high). nillc
assists. and seven rebounds, ill ad-
dition to his stellar floor game.

"Pete did a great job - especial-
ly in breaking their press." Saucrs
said. “if i had a game ball. Pete
would get it."

The game ball, however; was
busy being thrown around by both
sides, as each team was guilty of

 

eleven turnovers ill the first half
alone. frotll which llle Danes
emerged with a 25-15 lead after
Albany‘s .lollll Dicckelrntln scored
on a bank shot at the halftime
blt/Ier.

The Lakers stayed in striking
distance. alld when 6-9 Keith Oliver
pttt ill an offensive rebound atld
l’rcston .lohnson scored on a lay-ill.

    

Oswego remained ten points down,
38-28. with l2:50 left.

"We weren’t ahead by as rltttcll
as we watltcd to be." said Clunc.
“But we played hard. We weren't
shooting well. bttt we just kept
shooting. You can't start
hesitating."

Cltlltc boosted the Albany lead to
colt/inner] on page [If/cell

 

Pete Stanish scored a career high 2| points to lead the Danes to a 72-48 will
over Oswego Wednesday. (Photo: Dave Muchsott)

 

, John Lennon

   

vol. van No.48

is Murdered

NEW YORK (AP) Former Beatle Joint Lennon was
shot to death late Monday outside his luxury apartment
building on Manhattan’s Upper West Side, police said.

Authorities said Lennon, 40, was rushed in a police
car to Roosevelt Hospital, where he was pronounced
dead shortly after the shooting.

Doctors said he suffered seven severe wounds in his
chest, back and left arm, but they did not know how
many bullets had hit Lennon. Dr. Stephen Lynn said. “i
am sure he was dead when he was shot.”

Chief of Detectives .lames Sullivan said Lennon and
his wife were walking into the enclosed courtyard of the
Dakota about 10:50 pm. when five shots rang out. Len-
non staggered up a few steps into the building and col-

lapsed, he said.

Police Officer Anthony Palma, who was one of the
first officers to arrive, said officers found Lennon lying
face down in the office of the nine-story apartment
building and carried him to a patrol car. Miss Ono was
taken to the hospital in another car, he said. Paima said
she became hysterical when doctors told her that Len-
non was dead. “Tell me it isn’t true,” be quoted her as

crying.

Police said they had taken a suspect into custody and
described him as “a local screwball” with no apparent
motive for shooting Lennon. Sullivan said the suspect
was a 25-year—old mail from Hawaii who had reportedly
been hanging around the Dakota for some tilnc.

Jack Douglas. Lennon’s producer. said he and the

continued on page ten

 

 

Middle States' evaluation team anti student leaders examine major issues.
SA President Sue Gold: "Not enough student participation early enough in the process. "

SUNYA Evaluated by MSA Team

by Ken Gordon

it‘s exam little at SUNYA, ill
more ways than one. ,

Over tllc past few days tlle
University has been tlrlder the close
scrutiny of the Middle States
Association's (MSA) accreditation
learn.

This aecreditatiorl is all evalua-
tion of the University made every
ten years since 1936. as mandated
by MSA.

As part of its process. tile Middle
States evaluation team for SUNYA
held a forum yesterday for student
leaders to examine stttdent views on
major issues.

Among the many topics covered.
the undying issue of student par-

ticipation in university affairs was
discussed at great length.

“There is not enough student
participation early enough in the
process." said SA President Sue
Gold.

Central Council Chair Peter
Weinstock cotnrnented, “The ad-
ministration hasn‘t attempted more
than superficially to get students in-
volved."

Echoing this concern. SUNYA
Middle States Steering Cotnrnittce
student member Carole Leavitt sug-
gested that “Middle States should
demand that a steering committee
of students be set up for the Univer-
sity's self-study." The self-study is
a report submitted to MSA outlin-

pbtlln: Sana Stelnlmmp

ing tllc University. its goals, and its
self-evaluation process.

At the opening of the meeting,
substitute chair of the Middle States
evaluation team. Assistant Dean for
Undergraduate Studies at the
University of Maryland Richard
Clarke. asked for comments on
SUNYA’s effectiveness in
stimulating emotional. social. and
physical growth in students.

In response to this. tile issue was
raised of the quality of academic

advisement in the University. Ac- '

cording to Weinstock, “Faculty
members think of advising as their
last priority, and CUE is a mud
house. Students can't be left on

continued on page five

 

 

 

 

irate/44m.»

3}



 

 by Albany student Pm- Corporation

 

Gay and Lesbian Alliance

ProtestMovie “Cruising”

by Susan Mlliigun

SUNYA's Gay and Lesbian Alliance is currently circulating peti-
lions protesting Albany State Cirlenta‘s upcoming showing of the
rllovie Cruising. aecordirlg to Alliance President Mike McPartlin.

“Cruising offends tlle gay artd lesbian community." ilc said. “i
think (Albany State Cinema) would not show a filnl that is offensive to
blacks or Jews. but will show a nlovie offensive to gays because we are
not given enough respect to be considered a threat."

McPartlin said the movie relies on homosexual stereotypes and con-
nects homosexuality with perversion to sell itself. '

Albany State Cinenla President Mike Fried. who plays a major role
in the selection of films the group presents. said Cruising will be shown
despite protests;

"Our purpose is to show major motion pictures that will serve a
general student interest.” he said. “We felt we would have a large
enough student interest in this flint.”

McPartlin said he is particularly disgruntled that SA tax money is
indirectly funding the movie. I‘l don’t like the idea of my tax money
going tolthat." he said. “Controversy is one thing. but exploitation is
another."

Tile Gay and Lesbian Alliance is offerirlg the alternative showing of
the movie Word is Out. which McPartlin described as “a documentary
which gives all honest circttnlspect look at how gays and lesbians live."

- Last ASP on
Friday

 

 

      
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

