  

 

mus! go to s eep hec
be another glorious day.’
.| What a desolate sad pl." iv

llllht’

 

 

gray clouds drifting lumirr-irrrritr;

city. Buildings bit off in the middle
crumbled on upiteavert gr.
3 e creak when blasts of wind t“l .
vicinity.

 

 

  

 
 
 
 

  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
       
   
    
   
  
  
    
        
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
     
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
     
 
  
  
     
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
   
  

   
 
  

  
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
  
  

\
Today. while furiously rushing to make rity
10:10. I was distracted by a itiost beautiful

   

face. a woman also waiting for the green.

machine. She ‘was wearing a fluffy. green
down coat. and i had never seen lter at my
stop before. I wondered wlty. The ltig. wltite
place is called SUNYA. arid every year. its
people are finite. but there's always someone
new to meet. and every year sees some new
beautiful faces. so maybe it's really infinite.
She got off at the gym. my iteautiful face.
and that made me sad. and i almost rushed
out after her. For what is more important? Tite
obligation to arriv. at a ii): If) on time to fulfill
that commitment. or taking a stab a
something as transient as a wonderful face?
The decision was brutal. but the bus pulled
away, and l was still on it. feeliirg itf- if i had
done something wrong Jesus! I thought.
when you cut a class they make you feel guil~
ty. but w'ien you don't you can feel guilty too.
Decision making means deciding priorities.
and man hates to do that. this man included.
i wonder where my beautiful face is now.
whether she would have lived up to my
perfectionist dream. whether getting off that
bus would've changed my entire life. We must
wonder about these apparently silly things. I
guess. for that is what makes us humans, in-
dividuals. And I've taken that bus countless
titties. and i think i fell in love during almost all
the rides. And then there are the walks front
the bus to class . .
Finally. l was there My lit-ii) begins for
tire at ll):l7. because that's when i come. I

 

walk too slowly from the bus to class ltccnnwl
like to look around me. every day. .it that
everrclranging scene. In class. my mind
roams. lt visits that very room and goes travel-
iitg with the subject inside It. But then it sits oit
the podium watching imaginary faces that
seem so real. or it floats to another country
and sees sights and meets ntore people. i can
meet billions of people in 55 minutes. bttt then
il:()5 comes. and it runs out really. free again
to search out faces. smile at strangers. enjoy
one of these passing. fleeting days. falling in
love every second. I spend my life falling iit
love. with people mostly. hiit a lot of tlt..tgs.
too. like even SUNYA. I guess if that beautiful
girl iii the fluffy down jacket wasn't on the bus
anoilter girl would've been. or a star would be

' walking outside for me to love. or maybe I

would've drifted into free thought until my
stop. for thought is a great thing.

That's wiry i love ridiitg SUNVA‘s green
buses. because it's a nice place to fall in love.
aitd It's a nice way to start a day. with lots of
people. And wltlle you're falling in love. you
cart overhear conversations of other students.
also existing as part of the mainstream. also
riding the buses. perhaps some falling irt love
with me. ‘

Life. I decided this morning. is a constant
process of falling in love. reaffirming love. dc-
nytng love, fighting love. making love. loving
love. The only problem here is that i don't
know what love means. i do know that it can't
include things like wilr and sadness. birt they
exist anyway. laiso don't know how to control

 
  

love u Iltt'ttltlllt's, btit these inequities are a lot
tltttlt' natural than the silly tines lietwcen no
trons I think SUNYA is filled with

lrin‘.
because the world is it's red

.inin filled with
iii‘ll'gilll.kill-ill:lint]   " mm” “1
rust and frilly. and

that vitality must go iowanh good things like
love. not silly. lt’t'i'lltlt' things like irate. oi even
worse. Witt

But they tell rite that SllNYA isn‘t the
world. and I'm supposed
contiiig May. so i wonde
some noticeable changes. if falling in love oit t
city bus will be deemed crazy if this place lStt:l
the real world. what is? lrair. \vith death ind
hatred and problems. or Washington l)[(‘
with its politicians and promises? err 
Russia is the real world. or Pakistan. Doesy'rll
this mean that I will no longer be so childisl
and unreal as to marvel at simple thini s l
leap into the air. and thrown snowball  .1 “i
feel like it? No. those things are certainl IT'nl
so l guess they mean a lot more subtle thlr In"
but i haven't been able to figure (Jill "95.
Maybe SUNYA Is the real world lit-cat ' :my‘
love for that stranger on the l I l N, my
real enough ~— it hasn't left me yet -~ and
were the other million things that ha ‘)e 
during four very real years. Wh.) “(inﬁll PM
it wasn't the real world anyway” No I 9 MM
knew or respected. ‘ mm W”

And speaking of reality. fill!) ct i
went. and l was out. living. l “u "ml

I decided to walk home

W ’

‘(l . lit“ Il‘r '

titll(.lt Ih l Vt'l l‘ .‘rt' . l'tVL’lK’lll ()lllS lt.‘
, q

real
to graduate this
r if i should make

hits was certainly

    

   

and organic elements. are I: It
ionized atoms. Dust and said
north. forrit huge dimes ill It 
ed by the great winds. and him
cities.

We come to a ruin of .r liti'lt'
structure. It must have onu- hail
technological specimen. llttltlt’ urn
arches. tall towers in the tile. l
Walking through the turns l t
the creatures who built lltl‘

 

 

Some mysterious race oi Mar...

feeling beings. It may take i.» ..- 
to decrpliet their l'lVlll/rllltrlt rti‘ " 

 

can't help but feel md for llttl
.
You who read the tt‘ttirtt ‘- .

) aindrops upon tall trees. it.

he shadow of flying llltllitlir ..
glistening lake. one can
flowers that must have lliittt‘

1d in fields that are nit-A. iii

A horror they must haw lt‘ll r iv A
apart. Utter lirii‘rot And i - t 1‘.
brought this desttui litiit up. -

ask. "WhyV" Why did lllt‘l. 1‘ tr.
this once paradise? I fear lltiil t‘
.ahle to answer.

Perhaps "love" 1‘. the tilt 4w

lovr-d too much and not '.t.i .
didn't love enough I dour r
record l could find tH lltI' :r ..
pni‘ently by a young tiritlt‘ 
through the last dam 'lirtrir
evor'ntivr‘. is very ‘vitttttlt' .rr. 1 r-

 

tt Reading it “\lt‘l l w v. 'r
ltlttt 'l‘ltt‘tt‘ are so Iltr'rtr.
orevet' unanswered lit in e
. lost \viii'ld lint [)t’tltrtlt
hunt. or at least iciirenrlw ‘
W15 II lrff'l‘ llf'I'U  lll'i.' bl-I'l' ‘
had intelligence and tlrm. tr
ovr something whirlr rm

hetn iii the end but tl is i.r
' A * r ‘~—' .

too. free enough to apptei’iriit' ltr'I'» illt‘l ilv
sky. clear .iird blue. The world *rlliiillitrt.
tough. btit why? Could there he itill.
war. any point at all?

And then dinner cntne. itit(l1l N'tl‘riti‘tiill‘ r'
| sat and ate. talking to my lit-at iru'rwl
wallowing in the fact that they Wi'n‘ lllt‘l" ll ‘1
iii the background there was the new
threatening to split us up. break tin oil the
away our sanity by forcing us to fI'tlil

i looked at my hands and l \vas fllrlt! tut
them. I saw through my eyes. and i \‘.‘.i- .rrirri.’
ed that i could see. My ears heard ttttt'uit and
friends. and l was glad. bill they ttiltltl .rlm
hear the news. or bombs falling liverxthzrr'i
wonderful in life that I had taken foi it'”'"""l
suddenly seemed so vital and beautiful it
wonderous work of sortie creator

l go to sleep feeling strange MV lltliiltiltil
love seems far away. but so does my lh‘Vl
friend sleeping a room away 'l he Wtitltl in nu
ning. i realize. a real world that has lltttii’il for
millions of years before man. before nu’ l
“‘“5l it” to sleep because tomorrow mm» It“
another glorious day. with vision. and he.”
trig. and love. There is no reason in the \wll‘l
for any of that to stop. No reason at all

.m-

it has stopped. i wake III’ l“ "‘ """m
screams of war and fear. We are at \thl. l it'll
enlightened. and l threw up 4Ill own my II” t'“
but I just leave the place with this journal l‘l‘r
best friends are gone. and the ‘le 1" "" l""'l"
blue. Writing these Writtls. tti‘l ill'-l“‘l“'l “ll!”
tut) resigned acceptance

ftlltlttllttll‘ may

\ g I d itrix is' A .33.
v -I. waste an spreads beneath a pump .1...‘

\I
'. \lsun tries to eke its way ltlil ..t I}...

lit the...
Before me. i can see the \lhtlithl W

’illt'l rind

. ilriutig'rilie

l see no signs of life Thr willrt .. .

.,
Now. even the seas. great hath. it
Hi ~tt4itt'itttl5

lltt' timings:

Ht‘llliitt’liitﬂl
ll tl ll’tlllll'lllll
rtlt‘~. ititttitl
I‘lrrv. it i\ itll‘l‘lt‘
.tlnimt We
‘I . rtittl liti‘il lit’it'

.tilt‘lll’li’lrl

 

eject this druid world .is .r p r«. i: r . 'r r.
eitig lif’l't‘ one turn illlllit" l- t l‘ . .

 

 

How i wish l could It.t'-‘i m . ts

     

a If in
littittvngq

     

is rife

theti It,“

 

Itltlt

 

ring. .lr

 

 
 

~nirie Iii;

     

   

    
  

.r l.i,'t

 

ended so riltrnptly. ‘r't lftlrill‘ .ii wit llt‘t-l '

   
 
 
  
 

 
 

 

    
 
  
 
 
 
 
   

     

 

 
     

       

l‘u '5 re eetnttetit. rey tat aitt ant ieie
.dthey doubted both. They lived on the
rrmplanet of a star iii the far end nfthis
lady and it must have once been it gloriou.
met »io live on: full of life And the
stroyed it. They destroyed a paradise. it life.
d what was
:mselves Now “my rite forever gone
What is left is this, One young irian'~
ghtened epitiiplrh last testament to the love
and Cruel World. Anti though it doesn't tt'l h

eyerytliirig about this strange, beautiful
mrjed people. it tell, us enough to lament
'2 L'Mitv Grid lint ive llit'tll.

\

     
     
     
  

most precious lt lllt'ilt

    
   
  
   
  
  

i am huddled away in an empty. dark
t: issrooni at the school. writing to keep my
sanity. There were people running by. or
walking. yelling or quiet. AlliHlt' or in groups. It
rill seemed too normal for war. as if people ex
pected it. or even wanted it i glanced at the
gleam lit the eyes of passing hawks. unaware
i cried somewhat.

 

of their senses. unaware
bttt l felt that it wasn't right. it wasn't going to
change anything. i cried about that.

As the faces streamed by. l recognized
some. and i wanted to call out to them. just for
recognition. Everyone looked frightened. but
in different ways. l was just peeking out and I
wasn't really handling the situation very Well. I
thought. but irow does one handle something
like this? A nation I was borti a member of has
been attacked and 1 ant expected to defend it.
but I can't. because i could not do such things.
because l haven't_i_t in me. i have only good
things in me. rtot war and rmirder and killing. 1
shouted. and l was heard. —

A fluffy. green down coat peered into the
room and saw me. saw in me. i love you.
said. from another life. the life that ended
Yesterday. Without thinking. I ran to her and
hugged her. a primal. pttiable bug that was
forced out because of a world that forces oirt
only bad things like destruction and nuclear
bombs.

We sat together in a useless Classroom for
hours. knowing each other. remaining sane
through love. its only cure. Suddenly I bird
become two. for I needed this woman and she

 

needed me and we knew that we could newr

   
     
    
   
 
    
 
      
   
   
    
    
 

   

 

fight or shoot (I gtiir. but We also knew that We
couldn't be itlttlil' ltt'tt'. that We needed to snt

vive together li. ilosions started happening in
the distance. and they hurt us. America. the
land of the bravu and the ltttltlt' of the free.
was being attacked, and we knew that
America was also attacking. The school sceni-
etl quiet and empty now. and dark. We made
love just to spite them. just to prove we could
sllll produce under any conditions We even

 

slept

I awoke during my 10:10. a fluffy. green
coat was in it corner. shrivvlled up. The
casualties of war are everywhere and
nowhere. for war has no casualties. only peo-
ple. My green coated love was dead. and
already. i knew my life was ruined The war
could end right now and we could even win.
but it wouldn't matter. God knows who else
died duriitg the night. '

Before i take my life. I will write these last
words. and extend the pain. if anyone should
find these words. then i offer advice from a
human being who was trapped in a world of
insane. destructive beings like him. You see.
we were given a beautiful planet that had
everything we needed iii abundance. We had
a book where I lived that said we should take
care of everything. but we Ignored it. and rttin
citiite upon the face of the deep. If you see
tall. green things of majestic beauty. you are
looking at a ttee. a being that is perfect. and
worthy of your respect. It is a thing of beauty.
is it not. httt most of us did not see it that way.

   

 

 
 
 
 

why."

 

 

And if creatures are walking about on four
legs. then you must take t are of them for they
cherished this planet and never harmed it, if
you fitid man on the planet. and l ‘rllitll givv
you this photograph for you to tell. their
beware. because he is .t senseless langer‘otts
t reature at times.

(hit of nature and things that we did not
create. but were here. surviving on their own.
we, made other things to bring harm. Things
that were designed to break apart and shatter
good things. These things were called
weapons. and malt felt he needed them. Man
ignored trees and animals. and even other
men. Man only heeded man.

You may wonder. reader. what could drive
a being to end his very own existence. ltut
man. the being i run. had that desire. We have
been given the evil pleasure of liking to inflict
pain on our kind. liking bad things that I am
sure you need not even hear of The shroud
you find these words in was once the coat of
woman. the companion for males. and bet—
ween the two. there was something good call-
ed love attempted. Love was mankind's one
-true and good posse sinn. but it was unable to
survive. to make its way irtto the heart of the
race. instead. we Created war to stop it.

Perhaps you have no Concept of anything
like war. and i will not corrupt you by describ»
big it. Suffice it to say that something very bad
and very evil destroyed this once beautiful
place. leaving nothing. Certain good inert
spoke out against it.‘ and there were always
people who felt its evil. But that feeling of anti—

r r v ' i

 

 
  

 

 
    
   
  
  
     
  
   

   
   
     

 

or it. For l have discovered these trees. surrounded by skies of another shade. and the
new spectrum of color rrt my sight is moving my senses around. Any. inhabitants here
iave been given the most wondrous of sights to play with. beauty of magnitude that
(nows nte. Yet. it has been tampered with. The spaces between the spectrum of color
are filled with small particles. particles 1 have rtot yet become familiar with. which allay
me a bit. There is a pollution of the beauty here. yet these flying birds seem unaware
artd guiltless. So do these free and frolicky four legged creatures. They seem to
possess no sense of any trouble. yet. they are unable to mark these sights. They take
to note of beauty. yet they are beautiful too. i am in the midst of a paradox. My senses
are whirling with new things to discover. but too much is marred and touched.
Notliiitg or very little here has been left untouched, to itself, yet i ant unaware still of

 
  
    

 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

   
 
 
 
  
     
  

   
  
   
  

  
   
 
  
   
 

evil unfortunately necessarily meant a
weakness in another area. the area of control
that we called government. We had. you see.
leaders who enjoyed this evil. who had power
overall because of terrible weapons. and tem-
ble desires. Tltese leaders had no love. and
they were bitter. so they installed had feelings
in many of us.

if you are a good race. and you have
developed great powers of good. then restore
this place. and take away the evil we have put
in. If you are a bad race. leave. for there is
nothing left to destroy. nothing more to take.

I am taking my own life by engaging in this
war. this concept of evil you cannot unders-
tand. The place where you stand now was
once art institution of good. and learning. The
young beings ltere. including ntyself. had to
give up good and learning to die for nothing. if
you cannot understand this. do not fear. for
we did not either.

I leave you with some advice. If there exists
iit your scheme of things a feeling between arty
two of you of care. arid devotion. and faith.
tlieit you ltave something similar to what we
called love. Anywhere In this universe. it is the
most important of all things. the only thing to
exist for. Look around you. at this dead sam-
ple. this poor example. and consider where
your race will end up.

Excuse tne. i must go kill and maiin and be
killed. i must help clean up and end the mess
my race created. it is my duty. i am told. and I
haven't the tight to question. l have told you
nothing; for that's what i am. v

    
  

 

 

 

