 
  

. Aw: ti'r

.s;...r.....'...:.

Academic hassles. test. anxieties.
dealing with roommates. forming
new relationships. home sickness
and bureaucracies are a few pro-
blems Middle Earth hopes to help
students with thlssemester with a
new program being offered.

This semester. as part of its
Outreach services, the Middle Earth
Counseling and Crisis Center will
offer a program designed speciﬁcal-
ly for freshmen and first semester
transfer students, according to Ed
Burke. Middle Earth staff member
and developer of the program.

“Our focus will be on addressing
the particular difficulties most
often encountered by new students
within the context of an assertive-

hy Beth Setter

SUNYA parking ﬁnes will be
raised from $3.00 to $5.00 and tow-
ing fees from $10.00 to $25.00 as of
September 20. according to Traffic
Division Director Lloyd Herbert.

The line and fee increases were
imposed to decrease the number of
parking violations on the part of
faculty and staff as well as students.
"The $3.00 fee wasn't much of a
deterrent." said Security Director

ness program." he said.

He said the program ls tentatively
slated to begin within the next two
weeks and will run once a week for
a six week period. Each two-hour
sesgion will be offered in the early
evening and the facilitators will be
students themselves. “This entitles
group members an opportunity to
speak with a person who knows
first hand the problems one en-
counters during his or her first
year." he said. -

The facilitators have been
specially trained and will be super-
vised by a psychologist. he added.

“The aim of the program is to
enable students to develop effective
social and coping skills in an en-

John Williams.

The fine increases were also in-
stated to “cover the cost of ad-
ministerng the program.“ Williams
said. Fine and fee revenues are used
to pay collectors. clerks. computer
costs, and hundreds of parking
signs tltat cost abottt $75.00 each.

Last year. approximately
$100,000 in revenues was collected
from non~registcrcd vclticlc 0thch
and parking violators. accordingto

Reach o...- To Middle Earth

vironment that is comfortable. ac-

‘cepting and non-threatening." he

said. “Many times new students are
reluctant to use Middle Earth ser-
vices because they feel their pro-
blems aren‘t serious enough or
because they're afraid someone will
find out about it.“

He stressed that the program is
strictly intended to help students
become more conﬁdent and that all
Middle Earth Services are complete-

. ly conﬁdential.

interested students may contact
Ed Burke at Middle Earth
(457-7800) on weekdays. 9-12 am.
or weekends. 24 hours a day.

SUN YA. Parking Fines Increased

Williams.

However. Williams cxpresscd
uncertainty as to whether the in-
creases will deter violators.

“Human beings being what they

' are. if there's a place to pttt a car,

they’ll pttt it there." he said.
Current vehicle registrations cx-
pirc on September I; tltc deadline
for rc-rcgistcring vehicles is
September 19. at a cost of $3.00.

First Freshmen Picnic Popular

Over l000 freshmen attended the
I’rosh picnic Saturday at Mohawk
Campus. sponsored by S.A.. UAS'
and the University. according to
Central Council Chair Peter
Weinst0ck.

“Everything went off on time
and we were pleased that half the
freshmen class attended." he said.

-While the freshmen were enter-
tained by Dean Brown and his jazz

WCDB Alterations

WCDB’s antenna has just been moved front Indian
Quad’s Mohawk Tower to State Quad‘s Eastman Tower.
according to WCDB General Mattagcr Jim Diamond.

The move. which occured August 29. is “in anticipation
of going to 100 watts," Diamond said.

In addition. he said they were afraid the fornter location
might interfere with future atmospheric science research on
Mohawk's roof. “We wanted to alleviate any potential pro-

blems." he explained.

 

checks.

Diamond added that they are still awaiting action from
the FCC on their 100-watt construction application. He
said. however. that there is a good chance tltcy will hear
from the FCC by the end of the semester.

Check Cashing

As of Jttne 1. I980. UAS stopped cashing personal
checks. However. check-cashing will rcmaitt open Monday
through Friday from 9:30 am. to 4:00 p.m. to cash non-
pcrsonal checks. at a service charge of 25 cents per cltcck.

Categories of non-personal checks are: ntoncy orders.
travelers checks. all paychecks. certified checks.
checks. government cltecks. E.O.P. checks. work~study
checks. U.A.S. paychecks (cashed at no charge). rcscarch
foundation checks. and state and government lax refund

band. they ate hamburgers. ltot
dogs. cotton candy and popcorn.
No alcoholic beverages wcrc served.
but those attending the 5-hour pic-
nic enjoyed‘ lemonade and soda.
Other activities inclttdcd swimming.
canocing. frisbec throwing attd sun-
bathing. Weinstock said.
Admission for the picnic was
twenty-ﬁve cents per person and
UAS. S.A. and the University ad-

ministration paid for the rest.
Wcittstock said the cost for the pic-
nic totaled over $6,000.

Weinstouk added that S.A. hopes
to continue having similar picnics in
the future.

Other events scheduled by S.A.
for the freshmen this year include a
mini-orientation near the end of
September or early ()ctobcr.
Weinstock said.

 

ashicr

 

 

 

I. «a3 ~.- ‘ In \"t

WORld Capsules

Pan; Strike 0..

WARSAW. Poland (AP) More scattered strikes across
Poland brought a warning from Warsaw Radio that the
new rights promised the workers may be held up if the
walkouts continue. The government radio said continuing
labor unrest was “alarming. especially in the light of our
difﬁcult economic situation. Any further demands.
however justified. even urgent and necessary. may place a
question mark of the implementation of the undertakings
already given." Polish television reported strikes at a cot-
ton mill in Bialystok. an agricultural machinery plant in
Olecko. attd a construction ﬁrm in Elk. all In the northeast.
and by transport workers in Tarnow and clothing plant
employees in Kamicnna Gora. in the south. Dissident
sources reported strikes by sulphur miners in Tarnow and
Tarnobrzeg. transport and construction workers in Sicdlcc
and workers in plants in the major industrial cities of Lodz.
Krakow and Plock. Apparetttly local grievances were the
causes. However. the ofﬁcial PAP news agency reported art
end to walkouts in Bielsko Biala attd Jclenia Gora in the
south. and in Suwalki in the northeast.

Congress Questions Carter

WASHINGTON (AP) Congress is publicly questioning top
administration ofﬁcials about President Carter's new
economic plan in hearings expected to take on a tinge of
partisan politics. Republican members ofthe House-Budget
Conttnittce were expected to use the hearings, which were
beginning today. to tout GOP ttomincc Ronald Reagan’s
economic proposals as better medicine than Carter's for the
nation's economic ills. The first witnesses on tap were
Budget Director James T. McIntyre and Charles L.
Schultz. chairman of the president's Council of Economic
Advisors. Treasury Secretary G. William Miller is to appear
Tuesday and Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul A.
Volcker will follow Wednesday.

F irc In Port of Albany

ALBANY. New York (AP) Firemen doused slight new
blazes Monday at the Port of Albany. where a ﬁre at an oil
storage depot injured 10 persons and caused the evacuation
of 1,000 persons Sunday. Officials said there was no serious
problem with the new “flareups.” which occurred at least
four times between 10:30 p.m. Sttnday and 8:00 a.nt. Mon-
day. Mcanwhilc, investigtors sought the case of the fire
which cattscd two major explosions and sent a column of
black smoke hundreds of feet into the air. All available fire
units in the city of Albany, and those front a dozen subur-
ban units, were called to the scene. Robert Weincr. a
spokesman for the Mobil Oil Corporation itt Scarsdttlc.
New York. said the fire apparently started abottl i0 a.m..
when Mobil employees. using a vacuum-equipped trttck.
started to empty one tank to clean it. The tanks had a
capacity of 1.8 million gallons. but the fuel inside them was
only 2 or 3 feet deep. he said.

Albany Plane Hijacked

ALBANY. New York (AP) Most of the 90 or so passengers
who boarded an Eastern Airlines plane here Monday that
was later hijacked to Cuba apparently got off in New York
City. according to an airline spokeswoman. Paula Musto in
New York City said about 95 persons boarded Flight 161,
which was scheduled to leave Albany at 7:18 a.m. for a stop
at Kennedy Airport before continuing to Florida. Of the
Albany passerfgcrs. she said, about seven were booked
through to Tampa and about 13 to Sarasota. Flu. Ms.
Mttsto said that it was airline policy not to release names of
passengers except in tltc case of crashes. Tltc Boeing 727
was hijacked to Cuba by a Spanish-speaking man with a
bottle of liquid willt him. the airlittc said. Upott arrival in
Havana just before noon. the hijacker was taken into
custody by Cuban authorities. it was expected tltc
passengers wottld be returned to I’Ioridtt. Slcvc Morcllo. a
spokesman for" Gov. Ilttglt Carey. said it was not believed

 

 

 

“Paper’and Prints” At Gallery

“Handmade Paper and Prints" is the title of an exhibit at State University of
New York’s Plaza Gallery. State Street and Broadway. to be on view frotn

September 10 through 29.

The exhibition presents 40 works by 30 New York State artists. ttsing a variety
of images and techniques executed on handcrafted paper. Paper casting, pulp
painting, and prints in handmade specialty papers will be featured. A video
presentation on the papermaking process and a small sampler of specially papers

will also be exhibited.

The  Gallery's hours are 8a.m. to 6p.m.. Monday through Friday. The
public is tnvtted to the free exhibit. and State University Plaza is equipped to ac-

commodate the handicapped.

any employees of his office were aboard tltc plane.

 

Reading Days Revised

v . I - t

A Tol comply wnlt the reading day policy approved by the University Senate on
‘0“ 21. the academtc calendar has been revised to provide one reading day for
Itall 1980 and two reading days for Spring 1981.

'For Fall 1980 classes will end Dec

. cmb 12 z ' 

classes and classes which meet once H m 10 05pm" “Loud quuncr

Reading day will be December
December 16-23.

Spring I981 reading days will be
according to Leonard Lapinsltl.
Policies.

a week will continue through December 15.
15 and ﬁnal examinations are scheduled

May 11-12 and ﬁnal exams will be May 13-20.
Coordinator of Undergraduate Academic

 

 
     
       
          
            
       
    
     
    
     
    
    
    
   

“yap-r .M.

 

 

.u. sew—wt ;

Ammwnvw... W. _

   

September 9, 1980

N... My“: .< :L,‘  g. ..:.'t‘

 

 

Albany Student Press

Housing Situation is Poor

by Amy Kantor

The housing situation is even
tighter this year than last year. ac-
cording to Acting Director of
Residences Paul Doyle. Rooms on
all ﬁve quads are crowded with ex-
tra students. he said.

This year the on-campus popula-
tion climbed from 6,054 to 6.400.
According to tltc Acting Director.
the increased housing breakdown
ranges front 65 extra beds on Alum-
ni Quad. 56 on State. 50 on Col-
onial to 32 at Indian and ii on
Dutch Quad.

"We tried to spread the triples
out over all tlte quads." said Doylc.
former Associate Director of
Residences. now replacing John
Welty. Temporary and incrcascd
occupancy rose front approximately
180 students laslycur to 350 this
semester. This accounts for the cur-
rent 214 students itt increased hous-
ing and the 135 temporary quarters.

m
———_—-——————

to

University Concert Board

 

 

“Some doubles have been made
into triples and three-person rooms
are now accommodating four
students." Doyle said. “Also. there
are students housed temporarily in
rooms usually reserved for the
foreign exchange program.
Students itt temporary residency
will use these rooms until Oc-
tobcr."

He explained the differences bet-
woen increased and temporary
housing. "In
students can remain in a triple for
as long as a semester." The
Residence Office-plans to ntovc
students itt temporary locations
within two to three weeks. This
situation applies to approximately
75 students now living itt RA
sttitcrooms uptown and an
estimated 10 to 20 people living in
each of tltc Alumni Quad barrack-
slylc areas.

“We saw an extra hcavy demand

UCB Spends $400. o_

by Patricia Ilrunlcy

Tltc currcttt Chair attd Vite-Chair
of University Concert Board (UCB)
have admitted to using over $400 itt
profits for u lZ—pcrson
“celebration” dinner last May at
the exclusive 2| Club itt Albany

Chairperson Dave Montnnztro
said. “I attended this dinttcr but
had nothing to do with thcrplanning
of it. It did occttr to me that funds

increased places. .

for on-campus housing last'ApriI."
Doyle explained. There are also 5.3
percent more freshmen attending
the university than last September.
estimating the total class this year at

.almost 2.150.

Several students interviewed
reported that they were managing
as they try to survive in the
“cramped” triple rooms. In Col-
onial Quad's Clinton Hall.
freshmen Sabrina Crowley and
Carmen Miller described their cir-
cumstances as "nothing you can‘t
handle." They said they were first
notified about the terms of their liv-
ing conditions during the summer
attd received a reduced housing fee.

Not all of Doyle‘s customers are
this satisfied. and overcrowding is
likely to remain tttttil beds for unac-
cotnttcd students. no-shows — and
those opting for last-minute off-
cttmpus housing — catt bc reassign-
ed.

were being misused. hill 1 did not
question it to tile point where I did
ttot attend."

“When I look back on it now. it
was a very stupid thing to do. it will
never ltappcn again." said Mott-
tanaro.

Vice Chairperson Peter Lev said
that “Evan Gold. the previous UCB
Chair planncd attd paid for the din-
ttcr. l was told to conte to thc ditt-

Rarnada Inn Workers Strike

Demand Higher Wages, Better Working Conditions

by Andrew Carroll

Those picketch across from
SUNYA's main entrance are
members of the Hotel, Motel. and
Restaurant Employees Union. local
no. 471. now in their eighteenth day
of tltcir strike for higher wages attd
better working conditions at the
Ramada Itttt.

Union representatives and Itoth
nuttutgcmcnt have failed on six oc-
casions to agree to terms of a cott-
trttcl for the ntorc than thirty strik-
ing workers. Because of tltc
failures. tltc Union has ntovcd to
filc suit against management with
tltc National Labor Relations Board
(NLRB). claiming tltc ltotcl owner
has failed to negotiate “in good
faith."

Union representative for tile
workers, Iiob Bclangcr. walks willt
otltcr strikers who carry placards
and distribute lcaticts urging tltc
public to avoid patronizing the
Ramada Inn. '

“Our ittlcttt is not to punish the
hotel. httt rather to push for more
prodttctivc talks." says Iielttngcr.
Tilt: union's NLRB suit is aimed at
hotel manager David Quadrini.
who is sccn by the union as it hin—
drmtcc to those "productive" talks.

'I‘ltcrparlics have now met six
times. says ilclmtgcr. and cach little
the management has “not bcctt
prepared." in lltcir words, to
discuss tltc cmployces’ grievances.
which ittcludc a $.65 per hour pay
increase fronr $3.10 to $3.75. a
scniorily system for overtime
privileges. u guarutttccd paid vacu-
tiott and job protection. The ttttlott
even proposed the itttcrvctttion of a

 

state or l'cdcrul labor mcdiator. a
proposal denied by Quadrini.
Sttpport has bcgttn to grow for
tltc Itoch workers. according to
Bclattgcr. “Fifteen htts drivers mur—
cited with us this week. attd we‘re
being joittctl on lhc picket littc by
other unions including the
longshorcntcn and the CSEA."
Belangcr said the lines have

discouraged business. including a
group that moved its convention
and sixty occupancics to lltc nearby
Thruway I'iousc.

Bclangcr docs not know Itow long

 

tltc talks will continttc. Ilc
recognizes the hardships on tltc
workers in this wage hrackct. “but
if thit. takes six months. we'll be
ltcrc for six months. Wc’rc just
waiting for the management to talk
with us itt good faith."

For students concerned with
lodgings for the ttpcontittg Parents
chkcnd. Belangcr said he
understands the intimidation of
crossing a picket line. and said that
the workers will provide patrons
with optional lodging in tile Albany
area.

littth Workers have been striking for eighteen days.

 

Union moves to file suit.

photo by Bob Leonard

Sotne rooms are accomodating as many as four
Students should be moved into permanent housing within 2-3 weeks.

 

.-

photo by Stow: Essen

Profits on Dinner

net. i ate. did ttot sec at cltcck. and
left. Evan Gold was such a
domineering gtty that I did not
tltittk about wltcrc the money was
cotnittg frottt. We \vcrc going otIt to
celebrate the graduations of some
of ottr members."

i.cv added that. “Gold was so
domineering that he assumed cott-
trol over cvcryonc. i~ic did
cveryonc's job and I doubt the
treasurer even knew what was going
on."

Cttrrcnt and post UCB Treasurer
Mike Stcnartl. however. cottld not
be reached for continent.

"The dirtttcr was paid for irt
cash." i.cv said. “The budget for
UCB did ttol reﬂect a witltdrawai
for the dinner." He added that. “A
check front UCB would have to
have been cashed by either the
chairperson or the treasurer."

UCB is on SA funded group and
is accountable to the Association.
Presently UCB is working with u
$60,000 budget. SA Controller Ira
Somuch said, "The money will be
handled utorc effectively now that
the domineering Evan Gold is
gone." He said. "I believe Stcnard
is capable of doing the job and now
ltc will be allowed to do his job."

Evan Gold is now itt Florida and
could not be rcuchcd for continent.

SA President Sue Gold said. “I
heard allegations about tltc misuse
of UCB funds about tltrcc Weeks
ago frottt SA Controller Ira
Sotnaclt. We both decided the best
thing to do was to appoint an Ex-
ecutive Conttnittee to investigate
tltc matter.“

That cotnntittcc includes Central
Council Chair Pctcr \Vcinstock. In-
ternal Affairs Chair Mary_ Bctlt
Lorich and Budget Cotnntittcc
As stunt Choir Steve Welch. she
said.

“1 will make no decision on the
matter until the committee gives its
report and I know tnorc details.“
Gold said. “But I will say that l
confronted UCB Chair Montanaru
and he did ttot deny the allega-
lions."

SA Controller Ira Somaclt said:
“I Itavc decided to implement an
old policy because I fch the need to
keep tighter control on UCB
tickets.

 

 

“The reinstatement ofa tttorc str-
ingcttt policy means all tickets will
cottte from the SA office. Tickets
will have to be signed in and out, all
complimentary tickets will bc
recorded. and all ttscd and unused
tickets will be rcturttcd and
counted." Somach said.

Concert Board and WCDB

Deny Promotion of Party

by Frank Gil

The University Concert Board
(UCB) and WCDB were cited by
tltc 'I‘imcs-Union as being co-
sponsors. along with chssciacr‘s
I-lulla-Balloo. Inc.. of a would-be
rock \festivttl this past summer.
SUNYA's Mohawk campus was
said to be the proposed sitc of tltc
festival. canceled after public out-
cry.

UCB, however. denies that they.
or WCDB. were promoters.

According to the Times-Union
report. former UCB chair Evan
Gold and l-IulIa-Balloo represen-
tative .Iohn Lasek considered the
Moltttwk cutnpus as a possible site
last spring. Gold also acted as a
contact between Lasck attd Univer-
sity Auxiliary Services (UAS) John

Lacey. Scheduled acts would have
included Rootboy Slittt. Foun-
tainhead, Tallis. 805. and the Units.

Current UCB chair Dave Mott-
tanaro. however. denies UCB's or
WCDB's participation. “We were
not promoters of the event." said
Moutanaro. “The Hullu-Bttlloo
was the main sponsor."

The concert 'was eventually
canceled due to whttt Montanaro
lcrntcd “bad publicity." including
the news of a hit and rtttt car acci—
dcttl at a similar concert held in
Massachusetts. in which two people
were killed.

Plans for the “Drink and Drown.
Party.” as labelled by promoters.
were also lturt when I-lulIa-Balloo
lost its liquor license for the event.

 

