wo-e . “Now—n .

7—...“ u...

 

‘  SUNY

by Thomas Msrtello .

in 1968, New York Governor
Nelson A. Rockefeller declared. "if
you want to preview the American
university of the let century, look
at what is happening at SUNY to-
day." Time magazine’s cover
featured then SUNY Chancellor
Samuel B. Gould and the story in-
side highlighted the brand new cam-
pus at SUNY-Albany.

-;H€‘WSF€ATUR€

‘Last week, SUNY breathed a col-
lective sigh of- relief as the
Legislature effectively turned back
an attempt by Governor Hugh L.
Carey to cut $22.3 million from it’s
budget. As the fountains spurted
for the ﬁrst time last Friday.
SUNYA President Vincent O’Leary
expressed happiness at not having
to make the difﬁcult decisions
budget cuts would have forced him
to make.

is this a one year breather? Will
the recent “Save SUNY" campaign
become a yearly ritual in the ‘80's?
How will that “modern university
of the Zist century” fare in tlte up-
coming decade?

Predictions of declining student
enrollments and the possibility of
less state funding make the future
uncertain. but SUNY Chancellor
Clifton Wharton and O'Leary
refuse to predict an impending
doomsday for SUNY.

But there is a haunting reminder
of the 1970‘s — when budget cuts,
lawsuits and retrenchments clouded
SUNY and SUNYA's progress.

if any campus t piﬁesthe growth
and history of S. NYfit' has~to be
SUNYA. When Rockefeller poured
millions into his dream of a ltuge
public higher education system.
construction workers poured the
world's largest slab of concrete on-
to an area which formerly was the
Albany Country Club. SUNYA
became a ready made university in
two ways: structurally and
academically. The growth was rapid
and aggressive.

When Vincent O’Leary arrived as
a professor of criminal justice in
1968. he saw this attitude come full
front.

“l'd say the school typified what
was happening SUNY-wide."
O'Leary said. "Our instruction was
to make it the best criminal justice
school in the country." O'Leary
said tltat in one year. 125 faculty
lines were added to SUNYA.

Unfortunately. the growth was
too rapid and limitations would in-
hibit original plans for SUNYA.
Those plans showed SUNYA as a
comprehensive university center, to
be strong in a wide range of areas.
But the money no longer flowed so
freely in the early 1970’s, and sud.
denly SUNYA found itself bratt-
clting in many directions it could no
longer afford to go.

 

Hence. the idea of a

“comprehensive university" was
questioned, attd it becnttte clear that
these limitations would have to lead
to a change in focus. Once again.
SUNYA's structural and academic
plans coincided. A platttted exten-
sion of the west end of the campus
was scrapped, us was the plan to
make this a university center of
20,000 students.

Bttt that caused problems. The
seeds for tire comprehensive univer-
sity had been planted. and
somebody had to uproot them.

"At this tinte We had few in-
creases itt faculty," said O'Leury.
“But the programs and students
we‘re not thatched —- the campus
bad a substantial imbalance."

Mquu-wmmv'

 

At The Crossroads

Former SUNYA PFCSidem LOU“ \ was difﬁcult because of the negative

Benez'et then set up a select commit-
tee to make recommendations on
which programs should be reduced.
The focns of that committee was to
create a long-range plan of reducing
several programs.

However, in his State of the State
message in 1975. Carey declared
that the “days of wine and roses are
oven," which meant that the days
were limited for a number of pro-
grams. Budget cuts ensued, and the
ﬁve-year plan suddenly had to be
implemented right away. Emmett
Fields replaced Benezet, a task
force replaced the select committee
and the hacking away of programs
began.

When the dust settled. SUNYA

was a much more focused universi-
ty. and many faculty members had
been rctrenched. Those rctren-
chments would come under lire
from a legislative committee headed
by Assemblyman Melvin Miller.
Miller's report criticized SUNYA for
what it felt was unnecessary cuts.
Many faculty members who lost
their jobs were obviously highly
critical of the administration, and
some sued. One commented that
the retrenchment of a department
was to “sweep an embarrassing
mess under the rug." The conten-
tions were that departments were
being cut for personal reasons, such
as chairmen not getting along with
faculty members.

The most dramatic case involved
the Comparative Literature Depart-
ment. where chair Joseph Szoverffy
was accused of sexual bias by facul-
ty member Judy Leibowitz. When
the department was rctrenched.

. Szoverffy sued SUNYA and SUNY

—— meanwhile Liebowitz had her
own actions going against the
former chair in a human rights case
she eventually would win.

O'Leary. who was a member of
the select committee and chair of
the task force. defended the cuts:
“All i can say is the task force was
blind about personalities. Decisions
were made independently. But you
can't grant a department imntunity
because of an argument between a
chairman and faculty." Suits.
countersuits and complaints
wouldn't bring any of the rctrench-
cd departments back. though.

Meanwltile, Fields put the direc-
tion of SUNYA into a document
called the Mission Statement. which
would incttr much criticism frottt
faculty attd students. The purpose
was to plan the cottrsc —- a much
more narrower one than originally
planned.

Major' setbacks to those original
plans and overt the ones in Field's
mission surfaced as the State
Education Department bcgtttt to
review the doctoral programs of all
New York's universities. l-lcre,
SUNYA found itself particularly
vulnerable —— gradttatc programs
which were begun less than ten
years before the reviews were being
compared to the best programs itt
the state. The Sill.) decided that
English and history at SUNYA were
ttot good programs and cut them
out. SUNY Central decided that it
wasn't a good idea for SED to ltave
the power to cttt programs itt
SUNY. so they took tltettt to cottrt.
'SUNY lost. Then it appealed, and
lost again.

Attd SUNYA gained nationwide
publicity for having sub-par pro-
grams itt history and English.
Fields' bold claims to knock on
former Education Commissioner
Ewaid Nyqulst's door and demand
the programs back would not come
true, as recruitment of top scholars

publicity. .

After Fields went home to Dixie
to take over Vanderbilt University.
O'Leary became acting president
and Chemistry’s doctoral program
felt the SED blade. Immediately. he
set up a committee to review all pro-
grams on campus. declaring thai
SUNYA should be the one to
review its own programs. They say
bad luck comes in threes — and
after the retrenchments and the
Ph.D. losses came a stoppage of
psychology experiments by the
State Health Department — more
negative publicity.

After a year of searching for a
new president. it was decided that
SUNYA should take someone from
their own backyard — Vince
O'Leary. With the budgets not pro-
viding tremendous difficulties and
the crises of the middle l70‘s over,
things started to settle down. Grant
money, for instance, doubled in
1979. accordittg to O’Leary. Other
doctoral programs were given
positive reviews.

As the ‘80’s began Carey’s pro-
posed cuts sent sltock waves across
the system. “A university is like a
ﬁne wine," said O'Leary. "it ltas to
age." SUNY Chancellor Clifton
Wharton implored Carey to change
his mind. saying that “a university
can take many years to build. but
only a few to break down."

And SUNY's faculty union —
United University Professions —
fearing for their jobs. began to pro-
mote the university system with
radio plugs.

Central to SUNY's future are two
factors: the smaller number of
students graduating high school.
and the economic shape of the
state. which isn't likely to get better
itt the coming years.

"The state of the economy is a
very significant variable," said
Wharton. However, lte would not
concede that enrollment will
definitely go down at the rate peo-
ple are predicting. Ratlter. the
Chancellor said that an increase in
returning students might help make V
up for the loss in traditional age col-
lege students. “l'm not one to say
that cttrolltncttt is going to be the
same," said Wharton. “But in-
telligent planning looks at all the
variables."

Wharton said that SUNY’s five
year master plan is in the works and
that lie expects that SUNY will pro-
gress itt the decade — a typically op-
titnistic view expected from the
Chancellor's ofﬁca. “SUNY has
considerable resources," he said.
“We will be hiding to help itnprove
the economic climate of tlte state. i
feel we are making a signiﬁcant
rcturtt."

It all comes down to dollars and
cents. however. The chancellor gave
the indication that planning would
continue as if few cuts were going to
be made; ltc said that to ttot platt
creatively would produce stagna—
tiott. llut its cconomic conditions
get lighter illltl Steady ctttolltttcttt is
ttot a certainty. funding may
become a ycar—to-yenr situation.

“There's no question that public
ltigltcr cducntion is at a
crossrtutds," said Rich l.cchcr|iug.
special counsel to Mark Siegel. who
chairs the Assembly'shiglter cducn-
tiott Committee. "The recession utt-
dottbtcdly is going to have an cf-
fcct. SUNY and CUNY and ltigltcr
edttcutiott will receive a fair share of
the cuts. But the Assembly prefers
to look at it on the long range,
rather tltatt the meat axe ap-
proach."

continued on page nineteen .

 

1

 

Anoutvd Campus

 

Finals Food

Finals week may always be tough on the mind. but this
year it will be easier on the stomach. UAS is expanding its
traditional late-night cafeteria menu of fried donuts and
coffee to include brownies, jelly donuts. and soda. The
munchies will be available free on the quads from May
13-20.

‘Loot Chute ’ Wins

\

 

Oh Chutel

Winners of the contest to nickname Marine Midland
Bank's MoneyMatic Machine iii the Campus Center are
Laura Tills. ﬁrst prize, a Sony portable television; Eric
Lobel. second prize, a Panasonic AM-FM radio; and
Michael Schlissel. third prize. a pocket calculator.
Tills‘ natttc for the tnacbitte was “Tlte Loot Chute." Site
lives on campus. attd ltcr home town is Sltortsville. N.Y.
Lobel’s title: “The Bttck Stop." He's from Yonkers.
lives on Hudson Avenue itt Albany. Mr. Schlissel, who is
front North Woodmcre. lives on catnpus. suggested “Dean
of Withdrawal."
Whatever name stttdcttts choose. the MoncyMatic
already has broken all records for use in its ﬁrst tltrcc
weeks. More titan 15.000 transactions. primarily deposits
and withdrawals, were completed dttring that time.

Judges for the contest were Ricky Goldman, a senior
frotn Merrick, N.Y.. UAS Director Norbert Zahm, and
Barbara Taylor, manager of Marine's branch ofﬁce adja-
cent to tltc campus at 899 Western Avenue.

The prize itt the bank-sponsored contest will be awarded
by Ms. Taylor on Monday. "

Indians Honor Uppal

The SUNY lndian Association will ltold a get-together on
Thursday to honor Professor J.S. Uppal. who was recently
awarded by the Student Association and by the Chancellor
ofSUNY for his cxccllcttcc in tcaclting Economics for the
year 1979-80.

The get-together will be in the Physics Lounge (PHY 129)
at 5 p.m. lndian snacks and drinks will be served. All are
cordially invited to ttttcnd. For more information call Mr.
K. Patel (457-79l2) or Mr. Ramaswanty (457-8006).

Summer Booklist Out

Tltc Bookstore Contmittce presents!

Tltc sumtttcr booklist is ottl. Two copies are located iii
the Campus Center information desk attd one itt the SA of-
fice. Tltc fall booklet will be out sometime next week. So
get your books early!

 

THIS IS THE LAST lSSUE OF THE

 

 

SEE YOU AFTERT ES M
L.  ,  ,H_ ...U.M EL

 

 

 

 

 

May 9, 1980

*4 ' ’ ~-'.'.;'_.L.;'_~._~>.;; 'a:;:.'u..v.‘. ' '44s;—
\

\

Albany Student Press

   

' . Page Three

ASP News Highlighted: A Year’s Overview

 

Campaigners Vat; SUNYA

Albany is not one of those places easily missed by the
campaigning politician. And during election years, it is not
unlikely for a candidate to shake a few itands or kiss a few
babies in New York’s capital.

California Governor and presidential hopeful Edmund
G. “Jerry” Brown graced the SUNYA campus on January
22. He drew a standing room-only crowd in the Campus
Center Ballroom as he addressed issues from energy conseri
vation to the space program to the lranian~American con-
flict. Brown's quick sens. of humor was evident
throughout the speech but especially in his response to a
fellow who asked "Where's Linda?" "There’s one in every
crowd." remarked the governor.

Senator Edward Kennedy addressed a crowd of 4.000 in
the Empire State Plaza on March 5. He was supposed to
speak at SUNYA but his advance team was too quick to
reschedule his speech. -

Republican presidential candidate Ronald Reagan
brought his campaign to Albany on March 25. His speech
at the Turf lnn on Wolf Road was somewhat' tttarrcd by a
falling banner, his stumble on the stairs. and his sliding
chair. “it just proves we can overcome any obstacle." said
Reagan. He addressed issues from the budget to energy.

On February 1. Vice President Walter Mondale brought
his campaign for a Democratic White House administra-
tion to the Albany Thruway House. While topics touched
on by Mondale ranged from Afghanistan to unemploy-
ntent. he spoke mainly about his three years with Jimmy
Carter.

SA Cover- Up»

Perhaps. one of the biggest events of the year was the SA
election cover-up which occurred during last spring's SA
presidential run-off election.

Mitchell Davis. former lndian Quad assistant election
commissioner claimed lte replaced 15 votes for candidate
Sharon Ward with the same number of votes for candidate
Lisa Newmark. He told several Newmark supporters what
he had done, and although he claimed it was a joke, they
believed him.

, ‘SA Controller Craig Weinstock. SA internal Affairs

I (Chair Jim Mitchell. and Central Council member Mark

Lafayette agreed the night Newmark was elected not to in-
form the election commissioner of the event. Three former
SA members also concurred that evening — James Castro-
Blanco. Abbie Havkins, and Ron Frank.

At least a dozen other SA members would find out in
subsequent months but no one revealed the truth to
Newmark. -

A special Presidential Commission was appointed by
Newmark for purposes of investigating those who knew
about the event and when. The Commission was then to
recommend punishments for tltose involved. Weinstock.
Mitchell. Lafayette. and Central Council Chair Mike Levy.

who discovered the truth in July but did not take any ac- ‘

tion, were cited as the four most responsible for the alleged
ballot stuffing. The Commission suggested they resign.
Many people on council felt all those who knew attd did ttot
reveal the truth sltould also resign.

On March 19. Central Council voted to censure all coun-
cil members who knew about the even. Levy. Weinstock.
Mitcltcll.and Lafayette did not have to resign. The tttcctittg
was an emotional one. with the accussed citing the ASP
coverage of the event as sensational and one-sided.

Student reaction varied, but most were angry and disillu-
sioned by SA. Sonte Council members felt the punishment

was not severe enough. while Budget Committee Chair _

Mark Borkowski resigned because he was “disgusted” with

.thc election fraud and Newmark’s reaction to the issue.
Colonial Quad Board vice-president l’at Francomtttto

submitted a petition calling for Lafayette’s resignation.

Student Activism

Student activism returned to SUNYA on November 28
and seems to ltnvc made itself quite at home. On this par-
ticular Wednesday, close to 100 students staged an all day
sit-in otttsidc the campus bookstore. Tltc demonstrators
demanded immediate changes itt bookstore prices nttd
management policies. After negotiating three hours with
ttittc student representatives. Follett bookstore officials tttcl
most of the students' requests.

They included a reduction itt notebook prices, the prin-
ting of book lists required for the upcoming semester
classes, nttd the sealing of sale items every two weeks.

The students were prompted by ’60's activist Jerry
Rubin. who spoke ttt SUNYA the night before. They
recognized the need to becontc more involved in University
policy nttd this was their ﬁrst ttctlon. A Bookstore Commit-
tee was later formed. composed of students. bookstore
ntattagcntent, and administrators. to continually eltcck on
the store's policies. ,

The activists continued to meet and pltttt for the fttture.
.About 40 students met on Dcccutber 6. talking about

 

various campus problems and advocated “teach-ins" tojn-
form students about UAS. CUE. and related issues. ASU
Chair Jeremy Carlson wants “to get students involved in
running SUNYA." '

SUN YA Protests

The University community reacted strongly to the situa-
tion in lran. Feelings ranged from bitter resentment of our
involvement in Iran to fear of an unconventional war.

in November, eight lranian students attending SUNYA
were requested to subntit to a status clteck and a visa review
by the Albany office of the Federal Bureau of immigration.
"it's a response but it's also a way to cool things as far as
iranian students demonstrating." said SUNYA Assistant
Dean for Student Affairs Paul J. Ward.

But it wasn't the lianians who protested. On November
29. more titan l00 pro-American SUNYA students
disrupted a Young Socialist Alliance meeting which was
geared to point ottt the errors America tnade itt Iran. The
two sides clashed and heckled. mobbing the stage, attd
arguments occurred. Matilda Zimmerman. 1980 Socialist
Workers Pary vice presidential candidate, called the cvettt

' an "organized couttter-dcmonstration."

The Ad Hoc U.S. Hands Off lran Committee picketed
outside Albany’s Chase Manhattan Bank on December 9.
urging the return of the Sltab to Iran. Fifty counter-
demonstrators met the group. chanting things such as
“USA -— all the way."

in an exclusive ASP feature itt the December ii issue,
two of the eight lranian students in SUNYA talked of life lit
the country. especially under the Shah's regime. “i saw cor-
ruption. a political vacuum, and an absolute dictatorship,"
remarked one of the students. The other student, admittittg
his dislike for the Shah. said it would not be good to let the
Shah return now. “i can see it clearer from the U.S. point
of view more titan lran's though i see the complications the
U.S. is facing."

Police Resign

in April. Albany policemen Michael Buchanan and
Richard Vita resigned from the Albany Police Force
because of personal and internal pressures. Thcy quit
before facing dcpartntentai hearings on charges of neglect
of duty. resulting from incidents which occurred in
SUNYA's Waterbury Hall last March.

On October 24. an Albany County Court jury. after a
thrccvweck trial. acquitted the ofﬁcers on charges of grand
larceny in the ﬁrst degree. robbery in the second degrees an
two petty larcencies.

The panel agreed that the defendants acted as policemen.
not criminals. when they entered the Alumni Quad dorm
last March 21 and 28. The ofﬁcer allegedly entered the
dorm on March 21. stealittg $20 front student Anthony
Lenkiewicz and allegedly robbed student Craig Kellatn of
$60 and marijuana. The same pair apparently returned on
Marclt 28 and stole $50 from Jay Steenwerth.

Defense attorneys E. Stewart Jones and Patti i3.
Cbecscntan argued the ofﬁcers were behaving like “Starsky
and Hutch" so they could becotttc narc officers in the
Albany Police Departtnettt Narcotics Division. Tltcy said
the students were the criminals for illegal possession attd
use of drugs.

Prosecuting attorttcy Dennis Acton, argued the
policeman acted without required departmental authoriza-
tion for drug ittvcstigatiotts. He believed they stole the
money and marijuana for their own beneﬁts.

The officers still faced departmental ltearing after lltcir
acquittal. Buchanan left before because the city did not
want hint to rcturtt to the force ttnd he wanted to move
elsewhere. Vita apparently could not face the force because
of the accusations.

Downtown Assaults

A wave of break-ins anti sex-related crimes plagued the
downtown "student ghetto" this year, resulting in con-
tinuous assaults on women including SUNYA students liv-
ing'on Altttntti Quad dorms.

The area botntdcd by Myrtle Avenue mtd Bradford.
Luke. and Partridge Streets was oftctt the scene of the ill-
tncks. The intrttticr becutuc kttowtt as the “Pine llills
Toucher" because ltc sexually abused or raped his victim.

The incidents occurred between I tt.nt. ttttd 4 a.nt. with
the itttrudcr entering tut apartment through ttn unlocked
window or door. sometimes placing cittdcr blocks below a
window.

At first. the assailant was described as a bhtck. clean
sltttvcn mule. approximately 20 years old. he was about
5‘8“ tall nttd had a slender bttild. But, according to Albany
Police. extentsch media coverage brought ottt “intpostcrs.”
Titerc were Several intruders roaming the Pine l-lills arctt.
botlt black and white and only one or two being rapists.

University rcttctlott to the danger was Immediate. Special

sessions were offered to women on the art of self-defense.
tn) \iI\\_~‘ il \‘l ‘ill ' 'vl

 

 

The Off Campus Association supplied free installation of

t window bolt-locks. President O'Leary initiated a Task

Force on Women's Safety. composed of students and staff.
to evaluate existing measures. The SUNYA bus routes were
altered to provide for safer walking routes during the even-
ing hours. The Albany Police provided continuous security
patrols of the Pine Hills area.

The incidents diminished. but did not end entirely.
Suspects were picked up continually. but the “Pine Hills
Touciter” has never actually been identiﬁed.

Draft Demonstrations

With the fear of war. contes the fear of conscription. But
this year. that nigltttnare became too real to most SUNYA
students when President Carter considered reinstating draft
registration. People fighting for peace immediately set
forth to stop the possible legislation.

0n Jattuary 27. over 150 people from the University and
Albany cotntnttttity held a peaceful anti-draft demonstra-
tion itt downtown Albany. A newly-formed group. the
Albany Peace Coalition. sponsored the protest in itopes of
developing widespread opposition to the draft.

A few days before. local pacifists, ranging from draft age
to senior citizen status. tnet at the Presbyterian Church on
State Street to express their concerns over the pro-
babchrcittstatetncttt of the draft. The thirty anti-war
believers stressed war as an unnecessary means for attaining
worldwide peace.

The events continttcd with draft rcsisters frotn llte Viet-
nam era speaking to students to several more anti-draft
demonstrations. downtown, and on-campus. The Albany
Peace Coalition sponsored a teach-in attd SUNYA‘s own
Albany Peace Project organized parties. rallies. and
debates. On April l3. .1 Festival for Peace was held in Page
Hall with speakers who addressed the anti-war. anti-draft.
and pro-peace themes.

Marclt 22 was the day for advocates of peace as the ﬁrst
significant anti-draft rally since the Vietnam-era was held in
Washington. Over 40.000 protestors. including SL‘riYA
students. rallied on the Capitol and listened to speakers bat-
tlittg the draft registration.

SUN YA Budget

—- September — SUNY submits $55 million budget re-
quest to tire New York State Division ofthc Budget (DOB).

~ December — DOB calls for a H75 SUNY position
reduction through attrition.

-— Decentbcr 13 — SASU and the Albany Student Union
(ASU) protest the budget cuts outside the Alfred E. Smith
building in downtown Albany. The cuts. they argue, will
damage the quality of public education.

— January 22 —— Carey's proposed Executive Budget is
released, calling for a $26 million reduction in SUNY cx-
penditures. Tltcrc is to be a $l2.300.000 base reduction and
an ndditiottai “4.000.000 cut for purposes of Univesity
reexamination.

—— January 31 — Over 3000 SUNY students and faculty
front across the state gatltcr for "Save SUNY Day" itt
Albany’s Empire State Plaza. Tltcy rally and lobby against
the cuts in the New York State legislature.

— February 2 —— SUNY Chancellor Clifton Wharton
postpottcs construction of new campus for tltc State Col-
lege of Technology. He tells the SUNY Board of TrustcE's
that the current budget stnttding is a "grave crisis.“ He says
the budget rccomtnendations will ltttrt the already severely
cut system.

— February 6 —— Carey asks grads to pay an additional
$1.000 tuition fee after graduation as “a matter of
gratitude" for the valtte of a state education.

—— February 25 —— Wltartott tells legislators that cam‘
puses will close as a result of bttdget cttts. in addition. 2200
positions and academic programs will be elintinated SUNY-
wide. Colleges such as SUC—New Paltz and SUC-Frcdonia
may be the ﬁrst to go. On the satnc day, the $69.2 tttillion
teaching hospital ndtttitted its first .10 patients. Coinciden-
taily. a staff of l300 was provided in the hospital while
almost that saute tttttttber of positions was being cttt from
SUNY. The hospital will receive $l43.4 million per yettr.

-— April 4 — Cnrey vetoes revised bttdgct of the state
legislature, which voted April 1 to partially restore SUNY's
base budget by $8.3 million and additiottni cuts by SM
million.

— April 17 —- The New York State Senate votes against
restoring SUNY's budget. Senate Mttjority Leader Warren
Anderson moved to have lltc budget reconsidered.

— April 21 ~ A $22.] tttilliott appropriations bill (UNI)
is introduced to the legislature to override Carey's veto.

— April 28 — UNl Bill ,“tSSCS unanimously itt the New
York State Assentbly.

— May l — UNI bill pnsscs in HP Settttte ttttd Carey utt—
nounces plutt to sign the bill. SUNY tttttst maintain its cur-
rent level oi’ instittttiottnl nttd progrttm offerittgs.

—- Michele lsrael

l .. . .' . .-. .t
~,r.. -'.: . p it. ‘,.'.t _...tv..«. ﬁt ..

  

