 

 
 

 

Aspects

 

 

 

Page 4a 7 ' ' _'rh¢ Student Notebook
~ . I ll material things Into tWo c ti '
«D it a a i-gfil’lt‘n .
 fallow larder: watch  W rand ea war  
. ' , engenders Is a Manichean mentality which

- Dylan. “Subterranean
Home-lei Dillon"
1 burned the flag today. The American flag
—- Old Glory. Into ashes. No, that's not true, i
burned it two years ago In my suiteroom on
Colonial Quad and my sultemates stared in
disbelief at something i had vowed to 'do all
year long. i myself stood transfixed at the sight
mainly because i didn’t expect nylon to com-
bust so quickly.
“isn't that a bit played (trite)?" was the reac-
‘ tion of many. But to those who still feel that
the burning of the flag Is an outrageous and
obsolete act of defiance to all that America

these symbols. individual and private values
are discouraged in favor of group values and
group goals. in turn. originality of thought is
frowned upon and dissenslon rarely tolerated;
all of which contributes to the abrogation of
civil freedoms. There lies dormant In all
human beings a herding instinct that accounts

Parking Mote

nationalism

- tends to polarize people and l(lL'()liiir|ii5 (m0
. two diametrically opposed camps in the (J 5
m for example. we're told that WL' ari' "quart":
and that our nemesis, the Soviet illitiin on;
, . ’ bodies all that is evil. America is dciinlxi in
W terms of. light, and the Soviets are painted in
darkness, Somehow. many of Us haw two”
indoctrirrated with the notion tirat (‘rod is inter.
changeable with “country” and that the
government is a sacred entity cirdoiwd ivith
Almighty powers as if by illVliIi‘ ill'iii‘Lr
Moreover, we allow outright Vlirlrilliiris at U“,
human rights by Uppiti‘ltllilslli tlt‘liiritioliliijg

in that speech the senator warned that Conr-
munlsm had Infiltrated every sector of
American life and threatened the cornerstone
of our democracy. Tire senator also evoked
images of "America the Beautiful" and quoted
a passage from Christ's Sermon on the Mount.
(This brings us back to my earlier comparison

   

stands for. l have to say that the stars and
stripes and "America," to me. are not in-
, distinguishable.

' i believe there still exist statutes that prohibit
the delacement and/or general abuse of the
American flag —-— under fairly severe penalties.
The logic behind such legislation appears to be
this: Tire American flag contains a great
amount of symbolic, hence psychological, irrrr
portance for many Arrrcrlcans: thus its deface-
nrent (particularly its public burning) is a
dlsunifying. diffusing. in short a potentially
dangerous act. l submit that the burning of the
flag is one of the most liberating things a per-
son can do

'l'wo pieces of wood placed perpendicular
to each other comprise a crucifix. the enduring
symbol of ('hr‘istiariity for the last 2.000 yr-ars.
'l'ake those two slabs of wood and bond the
ends at a ninetydegree anqu and you've got
rho swastika — tlrc rallying point of Nazism
since the 19205. The two aforenri'iitirmed
symbols were proudly displayed by incredibly
large masses of people ~l‘licy also witnessed
and inspired llit‘ deaths of a considerable
amount of humanity Symbols liktI the
crucifix. the swastika, the flags were designed
specifically to tliillt.’ large groups of pt'oplc so
that they could act like a group and think like a
group — instead of as individuals, Under

Qne_EmiIr_Qotumn_A -

 

SUNY killed me. which is riot to say that
Yale wouldn't, Yali' just isn't as subtle, You
pay for that. You get what you pay for. and
you sweat. Make the-most out of your escape
My roommate wants to talk. my Mother wants
to talk. talk, My wash needs it doing. my
papers need writing. my room needs a
dusting. my trails need a biting Talk. talk and
still they want to talk. Rev'erberating talk like a
dull headache in back of my eyes.
 bottomless nrug the menu says. Dip m
'to my well biit nech replenish. Caffeine. Cafv
feine in my Coke. Paranoia in my smoke. it
goes round and round. . .

 don't want, I want. i want out. i want to
stop the world. i want to get on. Sileniis - and
it comes out here » the Henderson in me

--~-The note said “To whomever it may con‘
cern:

---~-Please do the dishes. l am sick of looking
Friday Observer

College affords one with the unique ex-
pericnce of being in a four year fantasy world.
if we have problems. we've got about 10,000
fellow 18 to 22 year olds to sympathize with
us. With such homogeneity, it is not uncom-
mon to lose sight of what happens in the “real
world". When one dares venture off the up—
town campus or out of the student ghetto.
there are people that exist who are
youngsters, old folks and who aren't worried
about mldterms . . .

The sun thawed some of the frozen ground
that Monday morning. a break in the cold spell
that had plagued Albany. As i approached the
bus stop, i saw an old man knocking on the
window of a car parked at a red light.

“i miss my bus, l miss my bus." he said to

 

the driver. "All i want is a ride to the Price
Chopper." Tire driver shook his head and
pulled away when the light turned green.
The old man had a foreign accent. but i
couldn't distinguish his native tongue. He
wore a dark overcoat and a grey scarf and
held his gloves in his hand. Supporting himself
with a can, he limped back to the sidewalk.

“i miss the bus.” he said. “All i got to do is
go to the Price Chopper. l hurt my foot or i,

would walk. Maybe i walk."

for the marked disparity of behavior between a
person in a crowd and a person alone. A
placid group of movie goers becomes an ugly

 

and irrational nrob when "Fire" is yelled in a
theater. Symbols. like the flag, were designed
to provoke our herding instincts and our la—
tent emotions at the expense of individual soli-
expression and human sensibilities.

in February of 1950, the Junior senator
from Wisconsin (lilliVL’tL’Ll an emotional
Spr't't'lr to a crowd tn Wheeling. West Virginia.

A Sunrise

at the same ones for three days. Or at least get
new ones."

r-»--Up. up and away, my friend turned gay.
men to yotir battle stations, me to my
bookshelf: Fyodor waits for you,

 need to he alone. i want to stare at the
blank walls and busses passing by, it's Cat
Stevens time, No. Jackson Browne to sing
“l'm so depressed. oh so depressed. My wife
just had a miscarriage and Uncle Sam wants
more. "

v~~--Revelry. reverie. reveille. Arise and Sing.
Tap on the door. tap on the floor. Footsteps.
stairsteps rap on my brain. brother rap on,
Keep it up. Damn Yankees never give up.

 Knock on wood. knock on me.
Nostradamus and the prophecy. Orange
sheets are stained with blood. Van Gogir
green. a club of mud. And still l want under
and still i want out a Hebe frank with

‘ As Time

“Price Chopper is a few miles away." i said.
“You shouldn't walk there."

“i know i know. But there is no bus for a
while. l ask the people for a lift. but they just
leave."

The light turned red and the old man hobbl-
ed to the first car.

“i miss the bus, can you give me a lift to the
Price Chopper? Please. l hurt my foot. it's on-
1y a few blocks away."

The driver, who was around the same age
as the old man. shook his head sternly and
pulled away.

The old man turned around and shrugged.
“Nobody cares. All i want to do is go shopp-
ing, it is nice out today. What bus you waiting
for. the SUNY bits?"

l nodded. “You know i sent both my kids to
SUNY. Not uptown. when it was teacher's
college."

Another red light, another request for help.
another rejection.

“Nobody trust you these days.“ he said.
“l'm .an old man, l'm not going to harm
anyone, All i want Is a lift to the Price Chop»

   

of flag-waving nationalism and religion. As our

wars are continually fought to make the world flag and vague misnonir-rs lll’ri' 'r»._..r will
safe for democracy paradoxically the Medieval privilege."

‘ The Soviet propaganda rnar llliiI' tilllii‘ at.

vioiisly. encourages a tlistiriiwl pm. W... Mr

Self and its relation to Country aim M a...

 

Crusades raped, ptllagcd, arid murdered to
presch the Word of God.) On that day in
1950, McCarthyism was born. In the next four
years. .McCarlhy's Manichean crusade was
characterized by recklessness. cruelty. and
character assassination, For those of you not
familiar with the term “Manicbean” 7 ilit‘
Manichves were a sect of Christians in the First
Century Al) who believed in the division of

Conchita Rodriquez and Shirley Beans

Semester

sauerkraut to take mu back, Home for
Passover and l can't get a knish.

-----In my sanctuary of fraying carpet and rain-
bows. too many rainbows all over my blues.
Who could you sleep with and still bug in the
morning? Who Could you go deep with,
without the neon warning?

--~-l'm iir here. “Why is she in there?" Joan
Armatrading said "l'm strong. straight. and
willing to be a shelter. . . ."

 can't lust sit. i gotta do. gotta go. gotta
produce. Time, tick, tick. is tight and youth Is
wasted on the young. So tell me what to do.
what to do. Me. l'm cranking up my dance
machine, and it goes like this. . Cerulean
Blue. Alizarin crimson. Vermillion and Pains
grey. Cobalt treatment around the eyes and a
touch of umber to burn the brows. Let the col-
ors seduce. l'm lost. l'm painting, meditating
as i run. Seeing. really seeing for the first time

Goes By

per. Maybe i shouldn't blame them. Maybe
they're afraid. Maybe they think l’m crazy."

When he said that. it reminded me of a
similar circumstance several years ago. l was
stopped at a red light when I saw an old man
approach the car ahead of me. The driver
panicked and ran the light. The man came to
my car and asked me for a lift. i let him in.

“l'm only going a few blocks before l turn."l
said to him.

“Can you take me home? l live at the
Veterans Hospital."

He was a veteran who had been shell-
shocked In war. Sometimes they would
wander around town. and he had walked
several miles away from the hospital. My
grandmother's brother was in this hospital
once. a victim of World War ll. l passed my
street and drove him to the hospital.

“What's your name?” he asked.

“Oh. l’m Tom", ,

"i got a brother named Tom."

1 turned the radio down, tearing it would
distract him. As if reading my mind, he turned

 

 

 

who shroud Ilrcirrselvcs with ilrr‘ Aliii'rir

rhetoric is Inundated with Moidt‘ltr'oii!
as many Arrrr'rrcan Socialist» i’iilltlrtii ,. m
as a reaction to McCarthy's tyranny Air. r iii.
expulsion of the “boat prioplii” liiillt \'.. mm.
last year (a debacle \Vlili ll \‘.'ri‘~ morn. '.-.
Marxists the world UVt'i’ bucarrw ilii’ Mir" p. .,
pli' being oppressr'd wviri "lilitttiii out hm. .
merchants"), attorney William l‘liiii‘vll-t no.1
his belief that “Socialist i'ilillilili thus, 5i.,[
be attacked (rlir'toricrillyl no man. i .t,.”
(italics mine). The only sanr’ \‘trli .1 ;
come frorri
"oppression is oppression
or capitalist,"

So what to do? BURN Tl Hi i [AM lii ‘li'.
l'l' TODAY. /\rul (li)|l'l stand for ilrc l‘mimh:
Alillit’iii or the plvdgr' to llir' flair ltoni ‘ ,in.
tlu,’ flag out of illsrt-spr'r t. burn it in r as. i.
have llii‘ right to. llt‘trill‘ul‘ as thin. -. r,.‘ Ir.
not he or she or it that you bvlonri Io lint
iiig llit' flag is rr gesture that aflirm- 

 

  

 

 

Llii
. ti ,1
if it  ,.‘,.,,

 

illhlll ’n‘rc/z who

person w an individual lfi'ilii'liil «‘r it”
preamble to the Constitution lu'tgrti» “,,it. it.
the People . .".

in months. in men. in llit'li ~rnw.-. '.‘ -'ll
features. in their false lL'i'llt thal i ‘1 ill
paints. And l touch myself as l add r olr it
like it. And anyone who says “i don't i.. r,
full of shit. What could i do'.’ i said i iiviliiiri
make class. something came Lip. and slir' --.ii.i
“Bad timing. really bad timing You Irniar
you've already. .  Made a coinmiiiinr-ni "i
said. “l'm sorry you don't undcrsrand ltorinrl
my integrity in a streak of Russian liliir'
 found my dignity iir water color lilii’,
replenished by a stream of CiliiSClitlislii'n»
which i like, Yes I like it.

-----My painting's done though I left it rrrr
finished.

~-~--Arid now l have to show it to Sirlili'tilil'.
and tell 'em it's not finished.

 

 

Shirley Beans left a note. The non- t’t'rril "l
have gone out walking. Gone to hiwd liti.
blues on the pavement.“ She is f0llt)\k'llltl
Manning Boulevard to the stars.

Memento

it up again. "it's all right. l'm o.k." .

l drove into the Veteran's hospital, a lriitli‘
green complex high-lighted by \VL’ll-Iiiiiiiil'ltit‘rl
grass and peaceful rows of trees. Several lllt'li
were under the trees, others were lyiirg down
on the grass near the buildings merrily garing
at the sky. Tl10ugh i had passed the hospital
hundreds of times before. l was never fully
aware of the different World that existed
behind those gates. The man-shook my hand
and l pulled out of the Hospital area. feeling
quite lucky ire had knocked on my car wru
dow.

Tire light turned red. This time the old man
was apprehensive about approaching.

“They only say no." he said "I get tired of
hearing them say no. 1). v . 'lillil'. i should
ask?"

"Yeah. go for It."

"Please 1 need a lift to II..' r"r.i.tf .Jlioppcr, I
miss my bus . . ,"

Before ire could finish, a smiling middle
aged woman had opened the passenger door.

"Thank you so much." the old man said to
her as ire got Into the car. He turned around
Smllli‘Q. and gave me the thumbs up sign as
the car drove away,

Then i took a green bus to college.

 

..i¢,..r

Aspects

"The institution that men olftclolly call war is
an escalation of the war agolnst women that
patriarchy has been waging [or thousands of
years. the war that began when mon first
assumed ownership over women and our
bodies. The notion that women should sup-‘
port this In the name 0/ "equal rights" is on
obscenity. "

— Feminist poet Karen Lindsay
“In the case of art emergency, ii men are to
be dro/ted. than women should be also. There
Is no reason to deny equality here. "

— Senator Carol Berman

"I don't think any women wants to drive a
tank or go overseas, It just isn't fadyltke "
—— Marines Sgt. Bambi Kyser

(.1) resident Carter's recommendation to

Congress to resume registration for the
draft has raised controversial reactions lroni
women nationwide. While some favor the ex-
tension as a vehicle to draft the ERA. others
are Insulted by the suggestion that they repre-
sent a government which oppresses women.
Some women. already enlisted in the military.
regard the draft as an opportunity for women
to advance, while many believe their positions
‘lrr the war would only qualify them as glorified
domestics. Perhaps the most prevalent at-
titttdes are those of tilill‘Wiil’. anti draft, and
‘irrllltary. Many women are against drafting
members of any sex. classifying the war as a

Michele Israel
with Sue Milliqan

Under current law. all men 18 to 26 are re
quired to register for the draft if the President
proclaims registration, His proposal calls for
registering males borir in 1060 and 1961 and
18 year olds in fillltt'L' years, Registering
women has also been a serious consideration.
and Carter believes that women‘s lnclusiorr is a
major aspect of equality. "My decision is a
recognition of the reality that both women and
men are working members of society. It con—
firms what ls already obvious . . . that women

    

 

{ .
 ‘ .r - I
‘are now providing all types of skills in every
profession. The military should be no excep-
tion," said Carter recently.

The American Civil Liberties Union will
challenge legislation if it calls for a male-only
draft. While the Union is already opposed to
the draft regarding it as a constitutional viola»
tion. it also recognizes that under current law
women cannot be treated differently from
men. "The courts have already decided. in
other cases. that sexes can't be treated dif»
ferently. it doesn't seem possible for the
government to make an argument against
registering women." says Legislative Director
of the New York Civil Liberties Union Barbara
Shack.

Brit women have not been discoirnted'totaly
from the military. According to the February
18 issue of Newsweek. there are currently

 

 

 

 

-...v..-...i

 

  

 

 

in u: v- .
Aﬁrlh’lvtlt

  

u...--......; - - - - - 4—-

.t..............:.

I' ll

 
 

150,000 women in the Army. Navy, Air
Force and Marine Corps. comprising eight
percent of the total military personnel, Figure
projections for 1985 estimate this number will
reach 12 percent.

A Brookings Institute investigation on
women in the military noted that before the
20th century. small numbers of women served
in combat disguised as men. Deborah Samp~

War, Lucy Brewer (“George Baker") in the
War of 1812. and Loreta Velasquez ("Harry
T. Buford") were among the well knowri
soldiers. Hundreds of other women served in

 

... ..._. K," has... ’01.”... .,_...............~s-. ul‘o-B...,.._  -, ..    .

omen In The bra
Tomorrow’s

son>("Robert Slrurtleff") in the Revolutionary

. .. a-“ .s... «thwart-“dun;

 

 

d

g§H€ W€fil2§ fl UNIFORM

and which granted women limited enlisted status.

positions such as cooks. nurses.
seamstresses. typically mandated feminine (However. It also planted the seeds for sex
roles. discrimination which would exist for two

decades).

Marine Corps Sgt. Bambi Kyser thinks the
draft is “fantastic” and believes his a great op—
portunity for women to advance. And the
Marines is a military service which currently

The Army Nurse Corps was established in
1901. the first of uniformed military women.
World War it saw the expansion of women's
military involvement. although bills seeking to
establish women's corps were often rejected

"She Girls on the Lind

- Sue Mllllgln

(.l)raftiiig women: a step toward equality, according to some. Already women comprise
' eight percent (150.000) of the armed forces, and that number is rapidly increasing,
Defense officials say that wltlrout women. an all-volunteer arrrry could not survive. Economical-
ly, the military can look very attractive to women; It Is one of the few vocations in which equal-
pay~for~cqual-woik is secured. All officers are paid contingent on rank. and rrot on sex. And
women are making advances in the area of responsibilities. As in the other Jobs. women are
assuming tasks traditionally "male." in the Army. women serve in some mlssle and signal units
that operate close to front lines. support learns for airborne troops. drive and repair trucks, and
work with lrelicoptors. Some women in the Air Force are assigned to ground crews that service
combat aircraft. fly giant transports and tankers. and are attatched to the units responsible for
Titan intercontinental ballistic misslcs, Tire Navy and Marine Corps are also expanding the role
of women, Many are assigned to intelligence and demolition units and to crews of non-combat
bt-ssels such as destroyer tenders,

Yet the armed services. the great equalizer. is riot so equal. in the Army. women'inust score
higher than men on tests for specific positions. Women are required to have earned a high-
school diploma; nearly any male high-school dropout can be admitted to the Arnry. Justifica-
tion for these rules is that since fewer women than men apply, the Arnry can afford lobe more

Equal Rights Amendment — is also the most basic: women are not allowed in combat.
women are endowed with substantially less physical strength and endurance than most men.

bat conditions. Such attitudes continue to keep women out of combat. General William .C.
and, former Army chief of staff, pointing out that he never would have made such a

Westmore
statement while on active duty, stated:

"Maybe you could find one woman in 10,000 that could lead in combat, but she would be a
freak and we're not running the military academy for freaks, . .Tlrey're asking women to do |m~
possible things. I don't believe a woman can carry a pack. live in a foxhole, or go for a week
without taking a bath." ’

A former superintendent of the United States Air Force Academy declared that opening corn-
bat to women “offends the dignity of womanhood." and tlrat"‘flglrting is a man's job and should
remain so." He further allowed that "those who press to include women in combat roles grossly
underestimate the physical. the inertial. and the emotional stresses of combat,"

Yet sociologist and military personnel expert Nora Scott Kinzcr states that “to suggest women
irave special stresses as opposed to men is specious .. . American women have had a longstan-
ding frontier tradition. arrd many of those women have had shotguns at their sides."

Additional problems include ilil! need for separate sleeping quarters and sanitation facilities.
And some military analysts fear that men will take unnecessary risks to save comrade women
from harm or capture. _

Whatever the problems. the role of women in the armed forces is expanding and will continue
to expand. Whether this will include combat is undetermined. although the prospect looks
urriikely for the near future. Many argue that women should rrot be imposed with military obliga-
tions until the E.R.A. is passed. Yet others advocate not only a draft for women, but combat du-
tylas well. As Kathleen Wilson of the National Women's Political Caucus stated:

ft: j ,
Soldier?

.could bring women closer up to the enemy

selective. Women are also barred from serving on Navy ships. inhibiting certain promotions. But
the greatest segregation factor — that which caused controversy in Congress. that which
discourages many from supporting the draftiirg of women. that which frightens many frorn the

Reasons for this restriction range from the biological to the psychological. Studies show that

But significant are traditional attitudes towards women's psychological abilities to withstand coni—

 

 

....~-..._....--a.

 

uring wartime.

Kyser adds that the Marines provides
benefits. such as two years of schooling. a15
percent cut in travelling expenses. medical,
legal, and dental benefits. and 30 days paid
vacation. And depending on their high school
graduation status. women can be slotted for
high paying competitive positions. But women
do not get combat training In boot camps as
men do and don't undergo confidence
courses. “They learn how to wear uniforms,
how to wear make-up. how to iron . . . They
go in to learn how to be a woman." explains
Kyser.

Marine Corps Capt. Robert Weyman says
that women have shown to be competent
workers but does not feel they should be in
combat. "We’re dealing more with traditional
roles here".

he Army. with 400 job slots. provides

nrore than 61,000 women with dif-
ferent positions. including clerical and
technical slots. communications. mechanical.
aviation. and food specialists. This branch of
service lras brought women closer to the front
line but out of those 400 positions, 24 are
defines as combat units and are barred to
women.

Sgt. Jeanne Couture notes that women do
have the opportunity to compete with men on
an educational and professional level. “Equal
opportunity Is there totally." Military training

r ‘ i

  

for women is limited for women because. ex~

plains Couture. their average builds are
smaller arid less strong than those of men. it
has been statistically shown that men have
more upper body strength.

Regardless of'their involvement. Couture
feels women do not want to be drafted into
combat. “Women want things equal but only
In what they want. They do have the chance
to compete and be independent. but they
aren’t as liberal as they want to be. When we
get the. draft, we won't want it."

Arnry Sgt. Fred Budzynadoesn'i believe put-
ting women into combat is necessary. citing an
.abundance of male volunteers. But. he adds.
‘that women currently iii the Army are doing a

 

 

' employs approximately 5,000 women in a
variety of areas, These include communica-
tions. aircraft mechanics. teletype. plumbing,
and manning radios. Although they are ex—
cluded from combat, they take on jobs such as
members of the military police or explosive or-
dinance demolition teams. both of which

 
 
 
 
 
 
  

   
   
   
 

   

 

by Congress. The drastic losses of Pearl Harbor
caused further promoted a need for women.
and soon after groups such as the Women’s
Army Auxiliary Corps were created. Finally. a i
significant breakthrough was the Women's '
Armed Services integration Act of 1948.

(‘1 would feel totally hypocritical if we drew a boundary around our role in war. J

great lob. “i think there's this attitude thing."
says Budzyna. “The guys are looking out for
theirr. They're soldiers but the average Gl sees
them as girls."

Submarine tenders, deckhands, aviators,
and clerical workers are among the positions
women fill in the Navy. While they are
restricted from combatvrelated fields, women
have advanced within this military branch and
are .abla to work equally with males on ships

and in boot camps.

Petty Officer Sue Morrison says women
“chip paint, swab the decks." and undergo
eight weeks of military tralrrirrg with men in
recruiting camp based in Orlando. Florida.

Morrison explains more jobs have opened
in areas normally dominated by males. isola-
tion duty bases, where military exchange Is
limited, have been assigned to women. in ad-
dition. women are promoted quickly and
equally in the Navy and receive benefits and
pay equal to what male naval officers receive.
"There is a long waiting list of women who
want" to get Into the Navy. The list Is longer
than that of the men's." adds Morrison.

The Air Force. the most technologically ad-

continued on page 100

 

 

