 

Would Capsules, MAN

 

a“

 

Trailways cs. Greyhound .

Albany, N.Y. (AP) Trailways has been given permission
by the state Department of Transportation to go into
direct competition with the buses of Greyhound Lines
inc. on the Albany-Buffalo corridor. "This decision
will give the carriers an opportunity to compete on an
equal footing and perhaps ﬁnd innovative marketing
methods to attract passengers from automobile travel."
said Transportation Commissioner William Hennessy
on Thursday. Hennessy said that the present energy
crisis makes “it essential that we take steps to encourage
the use of inter-city bus transportation." The applicav
tiom by two Trailways afﬁliates — Adirondack Transit
and Western New York Motor Lines — has been oppos-
ed by Greyhound and the Central New York Coach
Lines inc.. which also services the corridor. Hennessy
said the added competition. while possibly bringing
about lower prices, would also end tlic‘ need for
passengers to switch from Trailways to Greyhound ter-
minals in either Albany or Roeliesrer.

Beirut Embassies Attacked

(AP) The lI-day-old lran»iraq war spilled over into
Lebanon today as gunmen fired rocket-propelled
grenades at the Beirut embassies of the two embattled
Persian Gulf nations. seriously damaging built of them
No injuries were reported in the late night attacks. Tht
embassies are located less than a half mile apart near tlit

r Mediterranean coast in southern Beirut. lrttniztn chargc
affairs Mohamed Melidi Kamali told reporters he hclicv~
crl iliat attackers were members of the lraqi Battlhist
l'ar ty in Lebanon or the pro-Baghdad Palestinian group
called tltc Arab Liberation Front. lie appealed to the
’alcstiiic Liberation Organization Front. He appealed
to 1111' Palestine Liberation Organization to investigate
11c said the iranian government had nothing to do with
the attack on the lraqi limbassy. He said he thought the
atlacl- was carried out by the pro-lrzinian Shiite Moslem
group that five days ago claitned rcspotislbility for ;
similar rocket attack on the U.S. limbassv in the
Lebanese capital. The rightist voice of Lebanon radio
did a Cllllt'l' identifying himself as a member of the pro
li'anlan Lebanese groups threatened to continue such ut-
ricks until “lraqi forces stop ravaging lslaniic holy sites
it iron." The radio also said lraniati Ambassador
namacl Moosavi called the Lebanese Foreign Ministry
in lodge a protest and request protection of the embassy
by the l cbancse government's forces.

Ms. Lillian Breaks Hip

America-r. (in; (AP) Lillian Carter. President (‘arier's
‘lZ-ycar-old mother. broke her hip in a fall at her Plains.
'i:t., home Thursday and was admitted to a hospital
'rcrc for surgery. officials said. Mrs. (.‘arlci tripped on a
rig about it a.m. as she got tip to tnrri on a television set.
said James R. (iriffith. administrator of Americus-
Sumter County Hospital. She was admitted to the
hospital about ‘) ti.m. Dr. .loliri ll. Robinson 111
sCllCdlllCd Mrs. Carter for surgt y late ’l‘hursday after-
noon to repair the fracture. Griffith said.

McQueen Seriously Ill

Los Angelcs (AP) Steve McQueen. star of such films as
“llrr.'riti‘ and “The Cincinnati Kid." was diagnosed as
terminally ill with cancer several months ago. but recent-
ly has shown signs of recovery. a spokesman said Tltltt's-
day. McQueen. St). is suffering front nicsotliclionut. a
rarc form of luirg cancer regarded as incurable. said
spokesman Warren Cowau. (Towaii said McQuecti's
doctors report his cotiditioii has improved during lilt‘
last six i'ccks. He is a patient at a degenerative dist-ast-
treatment center at an undisclosed location.

Meyers Fights ExpuLsion

(AP) Rep. Michael .1. Myers. facing possible expulsion
from the House for his Abscam bribery conviction. is
arguing that only his constituents —— not his colleagues
— should be able to kick him out of Congress. Brit on
the eye of today's House debate, the two-term l‘euu-
sylvania Democrat said he expects to be thrown out.
thus becoming the ﬁrst congressman expelled since three
borderstate congressmen were banished during the Civil
War for joining the Confederate army. “if they expell.
like i expect. the House will be operating like a lynch
mob used to." Myers said in an interview published to-
day by The Washington post. “And 1 will immediately
ﬁle a suit in federal court. with some of my constituents.
charging that Congress violated its own rules in moving
so fast." The case was punctuated with election-year
politics. and the vote was set for the day Congress was to

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

recess for a ﬁnal month of campaigning. A two-thirds
majority is needed for expulsion. “Obviously. in this
mood, it’s hard for impartial justice to be dispensed."
said one Democratic House member who requested
anonymity. "The only argument in Myers’ defense is
that perhaps only the voters of his district have a right to
kick him out.” Myers, who is asking for a lesser penalty
of either a reprimand or censure. was expected to use
that very argument as he took the floor in his own
defense. “The gist of his defense will be that the ethics
committee denied him his right to due process and that
the time frame in this rush to judgment has been too
quick to enable him to obtain evidence." said Myers'
administrative assistant. Michael Corbett.

Iran Criticizes U.S.

(AP) lran’s representative at the international Monetary
Fund and World Bank strongly criticized the United
States today for freezing lranian assets last year. btit
said nothing about the American hostages or lran‘s war
with lraq. Esfandiar Rashidzadeh. an official of iran’s
central bank, also joined Saudi Arabia. China and other
Third World representatives in calling for reform of the
lMF and World Bank to give poor and developing na-
tirtu. a greater voice. He said the U.S. action in freezing
$8 billion in iranian government assets last year. which
the lraniaris alleged violated lMF regulations. is an ex-
ample of how the United States manipulates the institu-
tions for its own purposes The Utiitcd States undertook
the fit 1c. which is still in effect. in an unsuccessful cf-
fort to force lran to give up the hostages. “II was a
dangerous weapon that affected not only those against
whom it was aimed. btri also had global repercussions
which have resulted in undermining the world cori-
fidcnce in the international batikiiig system." Rashid-
zadch told the annual meeting of the Lil-nation 1M1"
arid the World Bank. Although lran had complained to
the lMl‘. which is dominated by the United States rind
its industrial allies. the institution accepted the U.S. cx~
planation that the free/e was necessary for reasons of
national security. “()nc fails to see how such tncastrres
by the United States. that in fact inflicted serious
damage to public confidence. could possibly enhance
sccuirty." Rashid/adeli said. He called for a reﬁned
system “that does not leave any roorii for manipulation
by any single country." Both Saudi Arabia arid the l’co-
plc's Republic of China. which are emerging as major
powers in the world economy. also urged rcfornr of thc
lMl" and World liank to br'ak the tight control of the
United States and other industrial nations. in speeches,
the finance ministers of both nations said the two iti-
stitutions should give poor and developing cotrritrics a
bigger voice and more benefits.

 

Racial Tension in S. Boston

(AP) Fighting broke out today between black atid white
students at racially-tense South Boston High School.
leaving five injured and prompting officials to close the
school. "We have four uliitc youths taken to the
hospital with slight injuries anti one black youth taken
to the hospital." said Officer (icroge Lotti. “We‘ve ar-
rested one black youth." Police dispatched ambulances
.iiid extra officers to the school where court-ordered
busing llih led to sporadic violence since 1974. Police
reported minor iniurics among a do/cn other students.
The fight was the first such racial incident of the year at
the high school. but one school official said “This has
been brewing for some time." The lighting rcporicdlv
begun 111 file auditorium and white students then walked
out of the school. Black students were later bused from
Iltt‘ school perched atop a hill iii a white neighborhood
“The word is that this has been brewing for sometime ‘i
said School Department spokesman Fred Fore. "'l‘lre'rc
has been trouble on the pcrimctcr‘s of the school in thc
neighbor hood. We have had reports that tetisioiis huvc
becn high." i’oyc said school officials were considering
keeping the school closed l'riday “to get its through tltc
weekend." .

 

Iran Appoints Committee

(AP) lrrtn‘s parliament today named a scvctanmbcr
cornnuitcc to investigate thc issue of the 52 American
hostages. the official lrrtriian news agency Pars said.
Sources here said four of the scicn were liaidlincrs likely
to oppose release of the hostages without a trial. the
parliament also rejected direct or ilrird«p;rl'.v negotlro
tioris with the United States on the hostages. Iltl\\‘ in
their 314th day in captivity. it is scheduled to reopen
debate on the hostages Sunday. Parliament. in forming
the committee earlier this week. made clear that the full
parliruuent will have the final say iii determining the
hostages' fate. There was no immediate indication what
prompted the announcement about rejecting direct or
third-party negotioations. But there was speculation it
rnlglrr be in reprisal fora Citrter administration decision
to send sophisticated radar picket planes to Saudi
Arabia to help protect that nation's oilfields in the face
of lranian threats to attack them because of Saudi
{\rabia’s reported offer of aid to lraq in its war with
ran.

 

Senate Berates Billy

(AP) Senate investigator-9. still at Odds OVCr White
House involvement in the Billy Carter affair. concluded
today that the president’s brother “rncriis severe
criticism" for his dealings with the radica government of
Libya, in an interim report. a special Senate in-
Vestiguling subcommittee also criticized actions by
President Carter and several of his top aides in lillntllltllt
the affair, but did not condemn any of the actions as 
legal or unethical. The report praised the justice Depart
ment investigation which concluded Billy Carter was a
Libyan foreign agent. The report said Billy was given iro
special treatment because of his relationship with the
president. The report accepted Billy Carter‘s testimony
that he did nothing to influence U.S. policy on behalf of
Libya.

 

Campus BRiEl's, Baby

 

 

Christian Scientist to Speak

Long-time Christian Scientist Betty Carson l‘lcltls.
from Atlanta. speaks frankly our of her own lift- c\
pcricncc iii a free public lecture “Christian Selctlcc:
“What it is and isn't" to be given October 7th at 7:ttr.
p.m. in the Fine Arts Building, room 126.

Mrs. Fields responds to many of the prevalent qttc~
tions asked about Christian Science — questions illirrltl
its well-known practice of spiritual h ‘aling. for illSlillltt’.
arid its view of Jesus Christ, Central to the lccltlt.‘ ls
Mrs. Field's conviction that Christian healing. :is pint
Iiccd in Christian Science. goes “beyotrd the limits or
conventional theology itito the very It not of (litt‘dluri
teaching and practice."

A native New Zealandcr. Mrs. Fields has icsidcil u.
Atlanta for more than thirty years. For the past l\\t'lll\
years. she has given itcr fttll time to the public llL‘ttlltll'
practice of Christian Science. Recently. she was rirrmcrl
to the (Iciioniination’s Board of Lectureship.

The free lecture is sponsored by SUNYA's Christian
Science Organization.

Movietime for Bonzo

Ronald Reagan will be making perhaps his only up
pcitrance at the SUNYA campus dtrring this presidential
campaign when “People For Anderson." pl't‘st‘tli
“l-loiig Kong." a 1952 film starring the former actor. in
Lecture Center 2 on Friday. October 3. at 7:30 pm.

The event will serve as a social gathering for Andcrsor
supporters in the Capital District and anyone who .rr
rives wearing an Anderson T-shirr or button will be ad
inittcd lot $1.00. General admission charge for ilic ltliu.
which also stars Rhonda Fleming. will be $l.25.

Tire SUNYA campus is the latcst stop for thc liltt'.lt'
which will continue to totir campuses throughout thr‘
state. it recently played at SUN)’~Frcdorria and
scheduled to be shown at Hatiiilton College. SUN)
Potsdam. Syracuse University and SUNY»ilitigli:rirrtor..
The movie tour is sponsored by Anderson supporters [it
all the variotis campuses.

C-U Day Planned

The ninth annual Cttllllllliilll}'»Ullchl'sll)’ l)iiy \\1ll in
held on Saturday. October Iii, Programming will he
Irom noon to 5:00 p.m.

This year. the theme for Community-Univcrsin l)tt\
will be ('hinit. During the week prccceding ("ti l)-I‘-v
various kinds of activities will be occurring to itl'ii
celebrate China \Vcck. since SUNYA is one of the few in
the country to be extensively involved in a cultural rind
academic exchange pr'ogriurr with the People's chuhhr
of('lrina.

Strident gtotrps and organizations are invited to plow
presentations. especially those with a China llit'ltlt‘
Please remember that our guests will be coiiiprisctl or
children and adults. both with diverse interests.

in order for us to publiclle your presentation. and lit
cludc it ill the printed program. please complete liit‘
1mm on the reverse side. Rcirun it to Dean Silllllltll»t‘l
on or before Monday. September 2‘). Additional toruu
are available upon request.

Please feel free to call us if you have any t|ltcsl|tlll‘~
JCIlls'i'i'.Sterii.‘l57-iit)tt7; Karen KUillIillL.A157-Kllil7dlltl
llrr/el Moore. 457mm. '

Tat'eo Found Guilty

the 23-year-old Albany woman who had been t‘lltll'llC‘l
Wllll two counts of falsely reporting ati incident has liCL'"
foiriid guilty, the ASP has learned.

Maria l‘uteo. of 190 South Allen Street. W115 “'"icm'
ed Tuesday in Albany Police Court to 90 days in jrtiiv
However. Judge Thomas W. Kcegan has suspendcd '1‘”
nice providing Tateo abides by the condition if
a psychiatric program.

    

 

 

Albany Student Press

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

u

31*.“

j
l . m... an Mlldkl

a:

"a ‘-

 

 

, .m» a. . . .t ' . .
Members of the President‘s Ins-k Force on Safety had their monthly meeting last "lucstltty. Topics
discussed included the recent Pine Hills Molester nltuck. on-citmpns crimes against women. the emergency
telephone system. bus service after (i p.in.. the student security patrol self-defense workshops and the

Albany City Security Ordinance.

Campus Sexual Harassment Cited

 

Found In and Out of Classroom

by Karen Kurkhlll

Sexual harassment at SUNYA
was the topic of a meeting of about
15 people Tuesday afternoon spott—
soer by Feminist Alliance and the
Affirmative Action Office.

The meeting was arranged “to
discuss the problem of sexual
harassment present on campus"
and to “involve people and hpr
publicize the issue." according to
Sharon Ward. otganizer of the
meeting.

Ward said

SCXllill lliil‘lthll‘lClll

"ranges from offensive comments
outright

iii the classroom to

a)

Acting Affirmative Action Director (iloria DeSole

physical assault.

“Both kitids of harassment have
happened because a large number
of tnales iii positions of atttliority
abuse this power (of atitliority) on
women who are dependent oit them
for grades or recommendations."
she added.

Bonnie Cohen, a training officer
at the Center for Women in
Government, defined sexual harass-
ment as “sexual coiidtict that is
pushed on a woman as a condition
of her working.

“This conduct can be explicit or
implicit. verbal or nonverbal." she

    

Urge.)~ all sexual harassment victims to seek uizl.

Central Council Creates
Student STOP Committee

by Atari (.‘ardner

in an effort to focus more atten—
tion on sttidctit issues. several stu-
dent groups are now involved in
forming a student lobbying grottp.
SA President Sue (iold said at this
week's Central (‘ouncil meeting.

The Student Organizing Project
(STOP). the brainchild of SA. SU.
SASU. NYl’lRG itiid OCA. grew
oirt of their desire to place students
iii a more ptiwcrful position on inat-
ters that concern them both on and

off campus. said (iold.

Central Council Chair l’cter
Weins‘tock said that STOP will first
deal with the bits issue. the rooiii
rent hike. students voting rights and
women’s safety.

STOP membership consists of
two representatives from eitcli dortii
and an off-campus bloc. STOP
legislative coordinator Debbie
Walilbcrg will act as a liaison bet-
ween the Projth and the student
organizations.

...- ....-~....t4..t......................w-_uu'

continued. “btit it is harassment if
the behavior is repeated. unwanted.
and clear."

Cohen added that “the problem
of sexual harassment is nothing new
among students and women in the
work force." but that “lately. peo-
ple have begun to identify harass-
ment as something to be stopped."

('ohen suggested the following
steps be taken by \ictims of sexual
harassment:

— Document everything that
happened. “This is essential in I'll»
ing it grievance.“ she said.

— Talk to other women in the
class arid find whether they have
noticed such behavior. or if there is
a history of such behavior. “it is
important to talk to people who will
not blame you.“ Cohen explained.

« tile :1 gric\ancc with
SUNYA's Affirmative Action Of-
fice. According to Cohen. “this
agency provides moral support arid
guidance as to the appropriate pio-
ccdurcs to take.“

Chris Bose. head of lltc Women's
Concerns (‘oiiiniittcc. noted that
the committee recently completed a
survey on racial anti sexual harass—
ment. The results will soon be
presented to President Vincent
O'Lciiry. The committee also plans
to offer suggestions to (Henry to
alleviate the problem.

“This is a prime position for
policy changes." ilosc said. “1 urge
anyone to becotric liivolvcd in the
issue.”

  

‘ I'tmtit: Ilob ltonant

. I
. SA Pres. Sue Gold .

Proposes lobbying group. .-

 

..-...4- nu»—
‘ ~rr

 

Three

Voter Registration

Draws 4600 Students

 

Better Than ‘76 Election

by Amy Kantor

Board of Elections rejected the

SUNYA ended its monrhqong voting applications of 11 students.

absentee voter registration cam-.
paign earlier this week as

As an additional facet of the case.
an Lester criticized the absentee ballot

estimated 4,600 election applica. quesrionnire section which required
tions were sent to regional Boards Sindenls 10 idcniify their curler“
of Elections last Monday. accor. status as such. Haber called this a
ding to NYPIRG State Board or direct violation of the Civil Rights

Directors member Leslie Haber.

“This was the best turnout we've
ever had. even better tliair the 1976 l
presidential election." said Haber.
attributing the success of the drive i
to the combined
NYPIRG, SA. SU and SASU.

Absciitec election registration
ends Monday mid ballots can be
triailcd tip until a week before elec-
tioti day. November 4.

Registration applications can be
obtained frotn the NYl’lRG office
iii C(‘ 346 or by writing to coutity
electiort boards. NYPlR(i will mail
the form to the appropriate regional
Board of lilcctions.

“The most itnporiaiii tltiiig is for
people to follow through and vote
whcti they finally receive their
absentee ballots." Ilnbci explained.

Off-campus students are Albany
residents and (if they requested
locally) are urged to \otc in person
at designated locations throughout
the capital ar'cii.

Students face contitttral problems
itt elections. llaber said. pointing to
a U.S. District (‘ouit case litegatcd
amiroximately three weeks ago by
SUNY Attoriicv .lack Lester. A city

Act of 1964. the 15th Ammendmetit
and the equal protection clause in

re 1 ammcn lllC'l. an
1 14d d t d she

again urges all students who believe

ttcy are Albany residents to vote at

efforts of the polls.

SU's Jim Tierney and SA's Amy

Adeliriari carried out absentee voter
registration on the quads. during
dinner

and through the dorms.
Tierney estimates that well over
l.t)tlt) people signed up to vote on
the quads. “We run out of ballot
applications. in fact. we ltad to
write out applications for the ap-
plications." he said,

llabei commented that many
students had previously registered
to vote on their own. so the number
of registered studcttts on campus is
even larger titan the 4600 number.

l in addition. SA handed out
forms during freshman orientations
held throughout the stirnriier.

The 26th Ammcndment
guarantees United States citizens
over 18 y 'ars of age the right to
vote. “Young students can turn
everything around." llaber said.
"but they can‘t be that powcrbasc
ttillcss they register.“

Vice Prez Martin Retires

 

“Time For

by .ludit- l'Iist-itherg

Vice President Ior Academic All
fairs David Martin is retiring afth
21 years service at SUNYA. effec-
tive summer 1981.

“My job has been fascinating
and challenging." Martin explain-
cd. “but I felt it was time to do
something different. My joli is all-
consuming in detail work. i find
myself not reading literature ~ 1
spend my time reading memos."

Martin told l’rcsidcnt ()‘i.cary of
his intention to retire last spring iii
order to allow the University time
to sclch ll replacement.

A new Vicc l't‘t'fsltlL'lll will be in
the Office for Academic Affairs
next fall. A ScarcltConimittec has
been formed and is actively seeking
nominees through advertisements iii
education publications mid through
notices to other universities.

“The search is never limited to
the external." Martin poititcd ottt.
“There may be inter nal nominees as
well." Martin himself was an inter-
nal nominee five years ago.

As Vice President for Academic
Affairs. Martin's main duties are
working on the academic budget
and making faculty decisions. Mar-
titi plays an important role iii gran~
tiiig tenure. deciding salary levels.
interviewing candidates for senior
positions. and hiring new faculty.

Martin was first employed at
SUNYA in 195‘). when the school
was still the New York State College
for Teachers. As all Assistant Pro-
fessor. he taught English Education
for three years before becoming the
Social Dean of the Office for
Graduate Studies.

V .1 iii the following years Martin-

went on to become the Associate

A Change”

Dean of the (iraduatc School of
Public Affairs. Acting Dean of
Undergraduate Studies. and Direc-
tor of the Summer Sessions. He
worked as As. ' ant Vice President
for Academic Affairs for five years
before being promoted to his pre-
setrt position. Martin has becnvthc
Vice President for Acaderrric Af-
fairs foi five years.

“The pattern of people in educa~
tioti is to move frolii one institution
to anothct." Martin tcl'lectcd.
“l'vc been fortunate to be able to
change iobs on campus. l’vc had a
variety of experiences here."

in addition to his other respon-
sibilities. Martin is also tlic Director
oi the institute of Cypriot Studies
—-» tltc study of the (heck island of
Cyprus. Martin describes this as it
“cultural us well as developmental
exchange“ between SUNYA and
continued on page Iliirzt'en

 

  
   

smegmuﬂﬂm .Yyﬂhx

 
   

» r.' ..
I'liui wlIIYunII-n

 

V.l’. Dave Martin
Needs time to himself.

. t r

 

 

