r—rrvv

Page 100

Fiction

 

fonchita Bodriguez

Friends are lovers. l have chronic infatua-
tion. After the thrill is gone there’s still Juliette.
My friend. People have commented about the
way i look Into her eyes, say It's unnatural,
whatever that means. Well, it's not my fault.
They're violet, damson plum to be exact, like
Liz Taylor's, so i can't help It. My boyfriend
holds my hand; my girlfriend holds my In-
terest. We smile and say cheesecake. Three
secret worlds are born. She buys me Alice
Walker and tells me what not to read. She
holds my hand in private cause no one would
understand. Certainly not Romeo.

She has the body of an Odalisque, a mind
embracing as red earth. i like the curve of her
neck ﬂowing Into her shoulders, the way she
changes thirds, puffs when she runs, breaks an
ligg. Her running stiches are even, her

 

Eye

Thin line points
like a needle of succession
folding into air.

1 follow it doubting
that anything lasts
from one place to the next

.  Shirley Beans," '

* Mes Amies

criticism sharp. She shares my fear of bathing

To be understood by a man is a remarkable thing.

Two starlike open hands awake ‘
The words flashing from him

N
Gamel’s

suits (we bulge). I want to write her a love let-

ter.

l submitted a tempera resist to a local
gallery. Judy didn't like it. “Some friend you

are,"

I slept over at Yumlnko's house, and she
woke up with a red hair rooted in her Oriental
scalp.

Home to a hungry Erica 'Jong and another
lonely lady. She had three days to decide the
next four years of her lie. We needed beer,
but not noisy beer. We went '0 a womenls bar.

I say with Meryl Kessler while she dipped a
piece of cold fried chicken Into a jar of mayon—

nalse.

Once, In camp, when l was miserable

i said.

Sisters!

 

because i had no boyfriend's name to carve In

the wood above my bed, l etched In my
reading scores. Thea had the good grace
never to tell anyone in the outside world about
this.

Muriel Simmons (Joanic's mother) knew we
used her Laredo machine to make cigarettes.
She also found the pipes smoking In her silver-
ware drawer. She never told Stanley Sim-
mons (Joanie's lather).

"Oh Phyllis!" she cried. She was crying.
"Your Hair. How much?"

lam her curator. l have an oil. an etching, a
photograph, a sketch, a vase. l thin
Michelangelo had better watch out — he's
been resting on his laurels for five centuries.

Between ﬂesh and spirit,

In a struggle to name the world,

I seek the lot)er transformation

0] a real man
Who will hear

Co-Op Lunch
Fromage ' ,
we stuff into our blind mouths

like man

from age

soured and cured
enough to be eaten
(that’s how we survive

All I cannot say.

-Valerie Major

not getting any younger you know)

milk mother man cheese
muenster is

without collapsing somewhere else.
The bluest sky
is bluer still than steel.

 

But the needle spreads-
each point unfolds
a wider road to follow.

Suspicious bobbed on past horizons
force me to turn and find
the line once split now joined

to pierce the sky at both ends.
Camel's eye, the two points lie
where l thread my frame into the middle.

 

  

Even the
weren’t,

but an empty page.

peacefully.

other,

 

 

And when l was sick she offered her poetry,
brownius and honey bran. She did my dishes
and turned my dial. She bought me a pin—
wlrcvl. "Roses are dead," she said.

 

-Lynne D. Martin

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

mountain
and the greatest symphonies,

(Even your lah-dee—dah sunsets
kindle something . . . the night?)  her  rm    1
Jesus went down to Samaria
but I went down to Pennsylvania
where the sun set so easily

and the mountains guarded so

Like a rock they’ve got each

but even the mountains once

 

   

i came home for the holidays. “You forgot
my Freihoffer's," she said. “No i didn't. I need
you to help me carry them In."

We drank yogurt shakes In the gazebo,
through long-stemmed straws. A juriket face
made its way to our table. An omniscient
glance and mouth-guarding lingers as if
whispering: "The warhler cats at noon." it said
"Aie you two lovers?" Jeri answered: “Yes,
artm't we all?" With her lemon yogurt
moustache, We never loved her more.

Friendship has its own cuisine. Swiss cheese
on bread. covered with ketchup. After-school
pickles. A Boston Cream Pie, L’iilt'i) half-
tliawcd with wooden forks in the parking lot of
the Bay Terrace Shopping Ccnu-r. The largest
pancake iii the world. in Roriiiic Scliwartz' kit»
CliL’Il. Ray's pizza, with mushrooms. in
celebration. Tales of mythic pastries Sltt' tasted
in Vienna, and prosaic encounters with eg-
gplant mush, broccoli burgers, kale, Sprouts
hang from her mouth like a goat's heard; she Is
dieting. Blintzes. pirogi, latkcs sit like judges In

 

 
   

onions to put on my bagel if f waril. And then
0 n  we sit for hours, if need be, until Eugene T.
Maluska makes sense.

Sitting In her Datsun on a dark street. She
looked beautiful. I told her. She smiled and
ate another pork rind. We made love In
silence as she drove me home.

We talked about perils sizes, tight asses and
good lays. We didn't want to stop. We were
enjoying it immensely. "Do you think they
know we do this?" she asked.

She shows us the ropes, tlrv Nautilus room,
how to throw. how to say no i love her

heard she sings. i am still waiting.
Mouse alert! Tlivy climb the pot-holders and
0 laps round the burners. Wu huddle in my

 

W(! 50!“.

After Joanna's father

both so happy we cried.

it

meant “Dress me.

posing alibis.

 

just (1.19 nonmember)
a fabrication of a thousand

minute realities
the holes
in a block of swiss

-Gerald Thomas

V___.A

Great
.
inlnsleade
Cl 'ld ' l f‘.
 The c't'rcLZr'leiIZSIZQIoll'er:ver

our soft. third-generation stomachs. Food is
love is ours. .
She buys me sardines on Sunday, purple

 

bed and listen. 'l'ornorrow, we got traps.
Face it. life sucks. We hate it Thr- CliUt’F-t'

stands alone. The self Is In the shower. Pat

Loud looks fat in a sliroiul. Tht-sr- were riotcs

died, after

Streisands, tequilas, and oil/.05, cariiollagv

and marijuana beatings, there was still us.
My sister called off the wedding. We were

L

lllL’

“What color day is it?" she said. [knew she

"l'm telling my parents that l'ni visiting you
for the weekend." She left with him, in his
Nova to Nirvana, left me by the phone,

CDm'

She thinks she's pregnant. Two days later

.sue Gerber (he gets her period. We throw a party that

l’irik circus skeletons
and Empty Old Tents
Dark Silent air
cover candy wrapper grounds
Sca're nic.
Lonely, dead Clowns arc Crying
as the fun has Faded Away
Into heaven
or Hell

and ever and
Forever . .
But Mortals Die
Dead
they are.
Cry, clown, Cry
No more last dance
with [atriin or friends
Sit down clown, put your head
on your lap
Be Dead.
Feel no Fears, no Fears, no Fours
Just
Great Tears. ircnl 'l'crii's, Great Tears
Entering the Big Sky.

-'I'om Bonfiglio

night.

"A woman's work should always come first.
I say go. But you're in love. Ytili'it' crazy if
you don't stay."

"When I'm President, l'll namv you to the
Court."

"I prefer l‘l.li.W.

"Done."

She said: “I've had to stop introducing you
as my friend the poet. Now | just say that
you're a Dylan fan."

I blanched. "No. How could you?" She
smiled, sadly, in Iamblc petitamcter. Shortly
thereafter, I began to write again.

i took the Nestle's Crunch I hid from my
brother and gave it to her. Then we played
some Billie l’lolliday and talked about the
blues. . . “T' ain't nobody's business If ldo.)

 

 

 

 

 

 

weren’t . . .

r a n. .emu.
../.-r..c.--.. «mu-mas"

M e ‘ clému,ml$rmrm

  

 

 

A9396“  "

Tom—Bonfi Iio

“212.63! $212.63 [or sneakers! I can't belleue it. fjust
can't believe It. [find it impossible to believe that you charged
$212.63 to my Macy's account for gym shoes! Who in the
hell do you think you are. Walt Frazier or something! Even
he doesn't own that many slices!"

“Na daddy. you have it all wrong. The cost 0] all the
sneakers totaled up is exactly $198.31 and the remaining
$14.32 was spent on white socks and Shoelaces, you see. it's
right here on the . . ouch! Let go o/ my face!"

“Don't glue me any o/ your ftp. boy! I don't want to hear
anything from you. You spend over $200.00 o] my money
on gym shoes, and then you have the nerve to talk back! I
just can 't believe it!"

“But daddy. lreally needed . . .

"Shut up! Didn't I tell you to keep your goddamn mouth
shut? f/ you know what's good [or you, you won’t say
another word. $212.00! f can't believe it. Does your mother
know about this? . . . We‘ll, answer me! Does she? God-
daminit, why aren’t you answering me?”

“You told me not to talk. "

“You Cocky mouthed sonuuabitcli, I'm going to kill you!
Get back here!"

A typical scene in a typical American household? Maybe.
The youth of this country have grown Into multi-faceted
creatures, and at a time when style prevails over practicality.
It has become necessary for them to buy a different type of
sneaker to fit each situation that they may enter. For com-
fort's sake, it would be wrong to expect someone to wear his
basketball shoes while running in the Boston Marathon. But
then again, it is ridiculous to look down on someone for
wearing the wrong sneakers while drinking beer. It shouldn't
be a great embarrassment to make the simple mistake of
wearing your Quaalude-eating sneakers to an Acid test. it
can be pretty tough on daddy's wallet (or on your own wallet
if you're not from Long Island) to buy a different pair of
sneakers for everything you do, from going to a Yankee
game. to boogying to Earth, Wind, and Fire. Also, consider-
lrig the spontaneity of America's college students in 1980, it
would be almost impossible to predict what one will be doing
from one moment to the next. '

It has become necessary to find an all-purpose sneaker to
fit the personality of today's college student. it would be a bit
stupid to wear your blue suede Adidas to a formal dinner
with the Governor, but then again, I wouldn't feel humiliated
if I happened to be wearing my basketball shoes while runn-

Mark Bossier

in this essay I intend to tell you how to complete a major in
English at the State University of New York at Albany. if you
think that's a good way to start an essay, chances are you're
Iiat an English major and might therefore find this piece of fill
(that's a newspaper term so get your mind out of the gutter)
helpful. Oh sure, i can hear all the snide sniggering (Snide
sniggering: an example of assonance — a literary procedure

 

 

commonly used by poets and essayists to emphasize a point
— question four on the 1976 Regents exam) out there, all
the cracks about a BA in English being a BA in B8. That may
be true, but there are still some tricks of the trade that may
prove helpful.

Unlike other departments, English teachers make a habit
of taking attendance, a petty Gestapo tactic to be sure, but
one that must be contended with. (incidentally, don't try
having a friend write down your name: most teachers won't
be tacky enough to confront you with it, but they'll know,
and they'll get even). Attendance is a fact of life, so you have
to go even if you're at death’s door -— especially if you're at
death's door —— they love martyrs (like Beth in Little Women.
Alcott's classic with strong feminist undertones). English
teachers are among the easiest people in the world to con-
vince that you love learning for the sake of learning. Once
during the semester, tell the professor that you won't be able
to come to class for some valid reason —— then next class
come running in about five minutes late with your hair mess-
ed up. He or she will figure you struggled to get there and
your grade may partially reflect how Impressed they are.

I Survival Guide '

ing from someone's jea ous boyfriend or an irate police of-
ficer. What we need to do is find a good, all purpose
sneaker.

Nike —— high or low topped; leather; average price $40.

Personal experience and popular opinion tell me that
these are the most comfortable sneaker, on and off the court.
They are lightweight. yet sturdy. They provide great traction
which is a must when stealing a pass on the basketball court,
or when stealing a old lady's purse in downtown Albany.
Also. Nikes are very stylish. Their design has Won them the
title of "Gym shoe of the J.A.P." for the price, they are your
best but for overall performance.

  
  

 

 

 

a  w  J- .23.
Puma Clyde -— low topped; suede; average price $28.

At one time, the puma clyde was riding high on top of the
world of suede gym shoes. However, in the past five years,
in an effort to keep the price low, the quality of the shoe has
been greatly reduced. They are comfortable and long lasting.
yet they are a bit heavy for a low-top gym shoe. They are at-
tractive, casual sneakers, and their narrow toe makes them
great for climbing fences. For the money, they're not a bad
buy, but if you owned a pair of clydes six years ago. you'll
notice a great difference.

 

Adidas Riviera — low topped; leather; average price $29.

At less than $30.00, the Riviera is one of the lowest priced
leather sneakers on the market. They are great for all around
use. Good traction, support and a lightweight build make
them excellent for a pick up game of basketball, or for a short
run to the store. They are hard to find, but at $28.99, they
are well worth a search.

However, completing an English major at this awe-
irispiririg institution requires more than just hauling those
tired old buns to class. You have to do something once you
get there. Teachers as a rule love volunteers, but English
teachers thrive on them (the way Emma thrives on fantasy in
Madame Bovary). It gives them a feeling of satisfaction. The
longer you can talk about why Frost repeats, "Arid miles to
go before I sleep" twicu at the end of "Stopping by Woods on
a Snowy Evening" (poems have quotes around the title since
they are within a work; only the important words of
the title are capitalized), the better off you'll be. (incidentally
Frost never repeated the line; it was a rnisprint in the first edi-
tion that has never been corrected — Frost died denying it;
he felt it was redundant.) it‘s also good to get in the habit of
making literary allusions. Poems are usually more im-
pressive, but novels referred to only by the author’s last name
can also be effective (for example,“That reminds me of the
green light in Fitzgerald"). When in doubt, refer back to
Oedipus (pronounce it with an E) Rex or say “it strikes me as
very reminiscent of Shakespeare." You have to be very
careful with this, though. Get to know your teacher first; for
example if you have Staley (and everyone should before
they graduate) never refer back to Thomas Wolfe; he hates
Thomas Wolfe. However, Joyce, Milton, Blake and the con-
flict between Real and ideal or Rationality and imagination
are safe bets. Berman, on the other hand, Is the Freudian of
the department; the conflict between spiritual and physical
love and Lear figures raging on the heath In Promethean de-
fiance ol their Oedipal complexes will probably work best
here. By the way, you really don't have to know who these
people are; using their names in conversation is usually
enough.

l realize that not everyone is able to speak well In class (like
Stephen In the early part of Portrait 0/ the Artist —- never
refer to It by the full title. It's a dead giveaway that you've
never read It and aren't even sure of it's relevance to the con-
versation) so there is hope In the field of paper writing. Never
give them what they want; If they say eight pages make It
seven and write as If you've given the definitive Interpretation
and had no need to drag it out for another page or make it
eight and three quarters and make it look like that's as short
as you could possibly make It since you were so full of . . .
Insight. However long It Is, write with confidence even if you
know you’re wrong (although with literary interpretation
there Is no wrong —— some are just more correct than others).
Make your interpretation as elaborate as possible. if you sup-

 

 

Converse All Star — low or high topped; canvas, suede or
leather; average price range $12.95-$48.99.

When it comes to canvas sneakers, the Converse All-Star
is one of the lowest priced, high quality shoes. I don’t recom-
mend them for serious games, but they are great for all-
around, outdoor use. They also make for' good, rainy day
shoes. High white canvas All-Stars are definitely a sentimen-

' tal favorite for me. they bring memories of Boone's Farm

Strawberry Hill wine and the girl next door flooding back to
my head.'Also, I'm sure most of us were wearing them the
first time we ever smoked that mysterious weed. The suede
and leather All-Star lines are well built shoes, but are also
very expensive. They are not very attractive shoes, and, at
$6.00 to $8.00 more than the Nike, not a very 'wise buy.

Tlgcr — low topped, nylon, price range $21.00 to $40.00.

Their light, flimsy build makes them adequate for running
and almost nothing else. Don't wear them in a light, because
they impair your feet's great bone breaking ability. These
Japanese sneakers make for great slippers. but at that price
range, you'd be better off spending more on your bathrobe.
Brooks — lowtop, leather or suede, price range $23.00 to
$42.00.

These shoes are great for running long distances. As a
matter of fact. they are widely recognized as one of the best
running shoes on the market.They are lightweight, yet pro-
vide great support and their cushioned bottoms are excellent
shock absorbers. They are also comfortable for casual wear,
but aren‘t of much use on a basketball court. So if running
and partying are what you're into, Brooks may be the
sneaker for you.

"Did you hear me, boy, get back here!"

"Do you promise not to kill me?"

"Get over here!"

"Promise me. "

"Okay. lwori't kill you. lprornisu not to kill you. Now, tell
itiL‘, did your nioihur know that you bought all of these
shoes?"

"I'm not going to tell you."

"Well. goddarntrii, maybe than I will kill you!"

"Ouch! Thai hurts! Stop that! Okay. okay, wait a second,
I'll tell you. Mommy helped mu pick the shoes out and right
now she's at Herman's buying me new tennis equipment."

“Oh no! That dnus it; we're moving back to Buffalol".

You 'l'oo Can Be An English Major

port a loss correct theory with an abundance of less correct
evidence, someone may just think you're right. There's really
not much more to be said about the art of paper writing; just
write the way the teacher talks and use as many of her/bis
Ideas as possible. One final note: don't rely too heavily on
Clill and Monarch - they may be helpful in class discus-
‘sions, but they're too shallow for papers.

By the way, If there are any English teachers out their
reading this (and I don't know why you would, don't you
have to go over Volume Five of Proust or something?) you
know this is all fiction for a "humorous" newspaper supple»
merit and l was forced to do It. l know none of fl is true and
so do youcThc name that's signed is also fictitious; i found
the name of an English major and signed his name w I'm
really a business major, honest, i wouldn't lie, excepi for
what I wrote before, of course. 0

T Happy Admin ‘

—James Doeliefeld

interpersonal relationships among people In
a community are a significant contributing fac-
tor In determinlng the general quality and tone
of life In that community. The daily rigors of
teaching, learning, research and paperwork,
regularly draw one's attention from the
necessity to develop and nurture relationships
among humans that can support and sustain
persons in stressful periods of development
and change.

Albany's Human Awareness Program (April
27-May 2) Is designed as a program of ac-
tivities that reminds all elements in the Univer-
sity community of the mutual responsibilities
we share in contributing to a psychologically
and emotionally supportive educational en.
vironment. The gathering of faculty, students
and staff for the reawakening of the reﬂecting
pool fountalri (May 2) has become a symbolic
manifestation of the fundamental purpose of
HAP. Participating and supporting HAP is a
personal statement of one's commitment to
enrich the life of your University. Won’t you

 

 
 

v-- .. Page 11a

 

 

 

‘join us in celebrating tIils emerging tradition?)

 

 

 

 

 

 

