 

 

Ghildren- Back To School '

CHICAGO (AP) Chicago's 473.000 public school students
are retttrning to classes today for the first time in two weeks
aftepmcmbersi'of the striking Chicago Teachers Union
overwhelmingly approved a compromise plan to salvage
hundreds of classroom jobs. "We're happy it ended well,"
union President Robert Healey said Sunday after announc-
ing that teachers voted 4.645 to 213 in favor of ending the
walkout. “You corrld say we compromised for good
qauses." Board of Education officials have scheduled a
ratification vote for Wednesday. Tcaclters in the nation’s
third-largest School district had refused from January 28
until they received overdue paychecks at the end of the
week. Brit the following Monday. they. were on strike,
resisting the Board of Education‘s plans to elinrinate jobs
as part of a $60 million budget reduction. The board was
suppo'sed to crtt school spending as part of an elaborate
rcsctre plan agreed upon by school. government and
business leaders last' month in Springfield. The agreement
provided loans for the school system. which could no
longer borrow iii the money markets because its credit
ratirtg had fallen too low. The agreement approved by the.
trniorr Sunday restored 300 teacher ntrd 204 teacher aides
and clerk positionsvthc board planned to cut. Tlte board,
had voted to end L675 teaching positions and will now end
1.375. Th ' agreement also provided that all 48.600 chool
employees will lose one tiny in pay btrt nittc days will be ad-
dcd on to the school year-to make up for days lost dtrring
the work stoppage, Healcy said.

Afghan Rebels Regain Control

KARACHI. Pakistani (AP) Afghan rebels rctook two
towns in the rugged mountains of Badaklrshan Province in
nortlteastern Afghanistan and battled the Soviets for corr-
trol of the provincial capital and another town. a Pakistani
newspaper reported. The Moslem irtsttrgettts recaptured the
towns of Tashka Arbo and Bagh in bitter fighting. and
sciycd arms. ammunition and food from fleeing Soviet
troops. the newspaper Jun}: reported Sunday. It said the
rebels also laid siege to the provincial capital of Faizabad,
200 miles northeast of Kabul. and were fighting for Zcbak.
(:0 miles to the southeast. There was no independent confir-

kcy stronghold of the rebels who are fighting a 21-month-
old war agaittst a strirtg of pro-Soviet communist govern-
ments in Kabul. the national capital.The Soviet Union has
potrrcd an estimated 90.000 troops into Afghanistan since
Christmas Day to crush the rebellion and prop up the latest
Marxist strongman, Babrak Karntal. who was installed in a
Soviet—engineered cottp December 27. The Kremlin renew-
ed chargcs Sunday that the United States was responsible
for the fighting in Afghanistan.

 

 

 

Student Suffrage

Sttrdcttts are residents of their college communities. ac-
cording to the Census Ilurcnu wlticlr allocates SZtX) per stu-
dent to campus localities. lint that same nine-month
rcsidcttcy is rtot sufficient to gairt votirtg privileges in tltosc
satire municipalities.

‘ tudcnts are caught irt art illogical arid discrirniuatory
.tttp when it comes to voting in their college communities,"
said SASU President. Sharon Ward. SASU. representiug‘
[50,000 State University students. is sp 'arhcadittg
legislatitc changes to New York‘s election laws. '

Voting legislation — awaiting furtlter actiott iii the
A--scrubly —— redefines State lloartl of ‘ 'etion residency rc-
qttir'cmcnts. Prcscut clectiort laws excittde students front
voting in their college communities through qualifications
such as age. marital status, source of income, and property
ownership. These factors once used to prevent the black
title are now tltc basis for denial of tire strident votc irt tlte

'illllllll‘u iliCilS.

'Sourcc-t claim that local officials are opposed to ott-
t‘dillplis voting because students could amass art influential
toting block. Students could also imve a major effect on
the US. Census. if they refused to be cottritcd as rcsidcttts
of their college comnnuiities - now a standard practice ——
titosc localities would lose thousands of dollars irt fcdcrttl
funding and critical rtttrttbcrs needed for appropriation of
congressional districts.

4 Plus 2 Plus O’Leary

The rnentbcrs of 4 plus 2. the only alterttate living eit-
vironment on-campus. will present SUNYA President Vin-
cent ()'I.eary with a dorttt t-shirt in appreciation of his ef-
forts University-wide. O'I,.eary will receive the shirt on
Wednesday at 1:30 in the OCA lounge. According to 4 pirts
2 resident Chris McConnell. the baseball shirt is green and
white with dollar bills. the University's and the dorm’s
names printed on it.

matiort of the fighti tg iu‘thc remote mountain province. a ’

 

. Febauany 11 .1980

 

Wonld.@CApsul£s

Iran Celebrates Revolution

(AP) As some 50 American hostages marked their I00th
day in captivity today, tnasses of Iranians tttrued out in a
steady rain to celebrate the lslamic revolution with a victory
parade through Tehran. The crush was so great that scores
of persons were injured arid a grandstand collapsed. the
state radio said. In a message read to the crowd, which
Tehran radio estimated at two million persons, Iraniatt
leader Ayatollait Rnhollalt Khomeini did not mention the
hostage situation htrt said Iran‘s struggle ruust continue
against the “world-swallowing U.S." He said Israel. “a
base for America." must be destroyed. The radio gave no
attribution for its crowtl estimate. Tehran radio said roads
l'ading to the parade route were filled with pcopl

the eye could see. Many were ehautiu '; "Allah-o-Akhbar"
- God is great - and bttrnittg incense. it said sortie were so
excited thcy stormed into the litre of march and radio ap-
p ‘alcd for them to tttove back onto the sidewalk.

 

f

I AROU AMpus

\

V _ wMW.‘
. _ ..\s\\\\.\“\h‘\

 

Meet The Prez

SA Presidents certainly ltnve clottl. Ill least here itt
SUNYA. That's why our very own SA I’rel. I.isu Ncwrnark
has been ittvitcd to tncet with President (,‘nrtcr this l'TltlII)’
itt Washington. Ncwntnr‘k is one of I50 student government
presidents front across the rtatiott who received invitations

this week.

Students will discuss foreign and domestic policy issues
senior
members of the White House staff and members of the Na—
tional Security Council nmi the Domestic Policy staff.
areas of involvement for

with the President. They will also ritect with

( 'nrtcr will about

students,

also rttp

Ncwmtu'k will have a list of questions prepared for the
president. She sttid she's “excited and surprised" at the op-

portttrtity.

House A “Pirgee”

Calling all dorntsl I’locks of students will be arriving in
Albany on February 2‘) for the annual NYPIRU cort-
ference. The only catch is that they need a place to rest their
weary bones until March 1. 'I'hey‘lt provide the sleeping
bags but accommodations are rteeded. So, sign up your

dorm or floor for a “pirgec” itt thc’NYI'IRG office.

 

 

Begin: No Appeasement

JERUSALEM (AP) Prime Minister Menachctrt Begin told
the United‘States today that Israel will not be sacrificed in a
policy ofappeasement toward the Arabs on the Palestinian
Issue. In Tel Aviv. abo'ntb blew up at a crowded suburban
bus stop. injuring. 15 persons. authorities said. Begin.
speaking to the American Jewish Committee, said that
Israel would make no more concessions to encourage
Palestinians to join talks for autonomy iti lsraelj-oecnpied
territories. In a newspaper interview published irt Cairo to-
day. Defense Minister Ezer Weizptan was quoted as speak-
ing out strongly in favor of co-cxistence with tile Arabs. in
a statcrnertt differing markedly frotu Begin‘s policy. he was
quoted as saying Jewish settlements do not represent seeuri-
ty for Israel. The interview was takctt itt Israel -arlier this
month. in the Tel Aviv suburb of Pctah Tikvalt a bomb
blast injrrred IS persons. one seriously. at the bus stop. a
hospital spokesman reported. lsrael Radio said two crowd»
ed buses left the stop moments before the botnb exploded.
It said police rounded up l0 Arabs and sealed off tltc area
wltilc they searched for rttorc explosives, but titerc was no
report that any were found. in his speech llcgin referred to
slttlctttctlts by Secretary of State (‘yrus Vance that a resolu—
tion of the Palestinian probietu would boost Arttcrtcatt in-
flucrtcc with Moslem and Arab states and‘ ‘asc the strategic
position against Soviet advances in the Middle I-Inst. In ltis
bltrtttcst statement to date. Begin cautioned “against this
approach, which withottl any qualification cart he called
appeasement." He also rejected statements by Ambassador
Sol Linowitt, the chief Arncrieart delegate to the autonomy
talks with Egypt and Israel.

Carter Wins Maine Caucus

AU .‘US’I'A. Maine (AP) President Carter ltas bcntcn Sen.
Edward M. Kennedy in their first-New [England contest, but
the challenger claimed satisfaction in second place arid his
main allies said today that in defeat he had gained montcn-
tum for the New Hampshire primary. The president's men
scoffed at the claitu. bttl said it will be difficult to duplicate
their Mairte victory in New I~lampshire's presidential
primary clcctiott two weeks frorn Tuesday. The victory
Carter'scorcd Sunday is sure to be an asset in that CIIIII-
paigtt. for all Kennedy's claims that the president didn't
match expectations irt Maine's Demo’cratic town meetings.
“It‘s clear that tlte momentum is with Senator Kennedy."
said Mairte (iov. Joseph Brennan. “We feel very strongh
that Senator Kcrurcdy now has momentnru to go to New
Hampshire and do very well." He based that claim on the
fact that Kennedy did better in Mnitte than in his larttlslide
loss to Carter in Iowa three weeks ago. Lt. Gov. Thomas I’.
O'Neill III of Massachusetts saitl he is confident Kennedy
will itnprovc on his Maine showing irt the New Hampshire
primary. He said Carter's momentum had been blocked. “i
ltappett to think we stopped a train ltcrc. a fast—moving

 

train." said O‘Neill. sort of the Ilottse speaker.

Fire Destroys ‘Home

.lttdy Van I‘iocscn. an ctttployce of the Public Safety
Department. was recently the victim of art extensive fire
which totally destroyed her ltorrtc and all its contents. .lud)
Van Hoesen anti her four children are now without food,
clothing and money. She had no insurance. The Unixcisity
community is being asketl to extcttd a helping hand for this
woman arid her fatnin by contributing anything that you
cart s'pttre (clothing. food. money —— the children range ill
age front 2 through I]; 3 boys and 1 girl). You may send or
drop off any coutriimtions to the Department of Public
Safety (Security Iluiltling) on I’erimcter Road. Thank you
very rtitrclt. I

Year ofMonlcey Celebrated

lit the midst of the University cornrittrrtity, there is .r tit-.t
amount of foreign culturc to be discovered and L‘.\[1L‘Iit'iit'
cd. SUNYA's ('hincsc (‘lub provided that oppot Ittlltlt
Saturday night. as it celebrated the Chinese New Year \titlt
(‘hincsc cuisine. music. dance, and a great deal of vtt
tltusiasm.

'i'hc l5th annual event began itt Altttitni
Iirttbacher Dining Iiall with a mouth-watcring meal of
Chinese pancakes. white rice. fortune cookies. shrimp and
pork. tea and otltcr ttts‘ty morsels. international unin
prevailed as foreign and American students and faculty
sitarcd in the festivities.

Tire highlight of the evening was the lively atul entertain-
ittg pcrfortmtncc irt ’ttge llall. Over 500 spectators watched
a variety of skits. dances, and ruusi 'al events pttt togerhcl
with spirit and originality.

(‘hinesc students in traditional dress performed authentic
dances. such as the Ribbon Dance, the I-‘au Dance. and the
Drunt Dance. One couple sung Mnndarirr and Chinese love
songs. nrtd IIII agii- ncrobrt performed sortie daring stunts.

The audience learned it out traditional Chinese marital
lcustonts through it hilarious skit and watched it pcl'l‘t‘r'
rntutce of tnurtial arts.

The celebration of tire Year of the Monkey ended with a
party in Suyies Hull.

()uad‘s

‘JtJlxM’P‘.i.l.’.A 1171.. .t ‘

 

 

 

ﬁs-

Carey‘s budget cuts may I‘fect

ellcs

Couch Ford: "Some t'rI/It/mxes will lose sports. "

A thletic F ungling Program
May Be Hit With Cutbaclcs

by llcth Sexcr

State-supported SUNY tttltlctic
funding programs may be hit with
funding cutbacks if (iovcrnor Ilugh
(.‘arey's proposed Willi—iii fix-
cctttivc Budget is passed by the
legislature. according to Athletic
Fittartce Committee Chair (.‘rary
Schatsky.

“iludget cttts cart be positively
disastrous to the athletic program
as a whole.“ he said. ,

According to SUNYA coach Bob
Ford. if the proposed SUNY crtts
are passed by the iegislattrrc, “smite
campuses will lose sports." As for
SUNYA. Ford said there is “no
question that some faculty positions
will be eliminated” iii the athletic
department.

SUNYA President Vincent
()‘I.eary met with physical educa-
tiott staff members and SA
representatives Friday to discuss
ways to “better coordittatc SA and
physical edu‘ation programs."
Wltilc the meeting was riot related
to tire proposed budget cttts.
()‘lcnry explained that tltcy would
have to discuss jointly how many
sports programs and what types of
programs should be continued or
ittstittttcd.

Student Association corttriluttcs
approximately $144,000 (or ill-6 otrt
of every $72 student tax rate) to
SUNYA's athletic program. ex-
plained Ford. This is trscd for
uniforms. cqtriptrtcttt. and
transportation costs. he said.

However. he added. the state
supplies approximately double that
figure. at l-ast_$2lit).t)t)0. to pay
coacites' snlttrics. plrortc. li'ill attd
electricity bills. rmtintcnancc. and
other services.

Without the funds to pay
coaches" salaries. some learn sports
will ltavc to be eliminated.
However. Ford said he is convinced

- continued on page/7w

jPhg'e' Th ree

PAC Basement Left In The Cold .

" Heat Loss CausesProblenzs

by Susan Mllligan

Approximately 20 students
gathered in the warmth of the office
of PAC manager Maureen Salkin
Monday to protest the lack of treat
in the PAC basement.

According to Student-Faculty
Music Committee Chair .Iudy
Nason, the problcru is due to little
or no ltcat cotnitrg frotn the vents.
arid is accerrtttatcd by the winter-use
of the PAC‘s basement doors that
lead outside.

“The fan that wartns the air in
the basement makes a lot of noise.
so it is ttrrrted off during relt ‘arsals
and performances," said Nason.
“Eventually, we got new vcrtts in-
stalled, btrt they only blow cold
air."

Nason added that all last week.
no heat at all was expelled irtto the
PAC basement.

The problem is significantly iti-
crcascd by the use of the I'A(‘ base»
tucrrt doors.

Although students mtd faculty
Inoc made nurrterous attempts to
keep the doors shut. they are still
being used as a thoroughfare to the
Lecture Centers.

"The situation is particularly bad
for the dancers." said Strikin. " [be
cold tightens their muscles.“

“We even trictl putting couches
itt front of the doors.“ Nasonsnid.

“but someone knocked the couch
legs through the door glass, making
the situation worse.

The inconsistency in heating and
constant use of the basement doors
are causing a wide ﬂuctuation in
temperature.

Aside from making students arid
faculty uncomfortable, the quick
drops in temperature are severely
damaging musical instruments.
Nason said.

"My $1800 oboe Iras cracked
several times because of the
temperature change." Nason add-

'I‘wo young SUNYA personnel

Albany.
Laszlo Magony. 22, of Selkirk

Physical Education Building.

rttcrt ttrrtii autopsies are done.

 

Ear Crash Claims Lives
' of Two SUNYA Personnel

atttotttobile accident on Washington Avcrtrrc and Rapp Road in

ontc. were botlt evening tmtitttcrrance employees at SUNYA‘s

Albany Police said I)c(‘cn/o and Magotty's car, drivcrt by
Magony. collided with a truck owned by the (lien arid Mohawk Milk
Association of linitonville. Magony's car slitl for a distance along tltc
)highway arid crtded up demolished in a ditch.

Herbert Monk. driver of the milk truck. was uninjured.

(,‘or'oner .lolut Marra is withholding the cattse of death of built

The accident is still ttrtdcr investigation. police said.

ed.

According to Plant Department
spokesperson Wayne Allen. the
department is aware of the problem
and is exploring solutions.

“We were told to turn offthe fan

in night because of the noise," said
Allen. “We’re trying to get an
‘automatic start' system installed."

Regarding the performance of
the heating vents. Allen said “the
equipment will be fixed to the best
extent the department can.”

Allen sees the installation of new

continued on page five

were killed Frida ' nflcrrtoon in an

. and Frank DeCcn/o. 22, of Col-

 

 

O’Leary Discusses S UN YB udget

 

Maintaining Quality Important

by Peggy ‘I'Itim

While SUNYA is facing a loss irt
staff, academic programs. and stu~
dcttt services. President Virtccttt
O’l.eary said the University will
foctrs its concerns on maintaining
“art institution of quality.“

In his speech to the University
Senate yesterday. ()‘Leary outlined
the effects of Governor Hugh
Carey‘s proposed 1980-81 Ex-
ecutive Ilndgct on the University
and SUNY-wide progrmus‘.

ilc pointed ottt tltttt ttttlikc other
states where the governor‘s btrdgct
proposal is considered as a sugges-
tion. New York is a strong executive
state where proposals carry a gr 'at
deal of force.

“if the legislature were to ap-

propriate ritorc funds than the
governor desired it is possible to
hold those dollars back." said
()‘Inary.

However. despite anticipated cut—
backs SUNY—widc, ()‘I.cary
poilttcd out that several ftrrtditig
areas itave been increased.

Academic I~Cquipmcnt Replace-
tncttt has received $2.7t)0.000 more
over tltc 1979-80 allocation.
Iluilding Repairs has c ﬁled last
year‘s appropriation of $3,120.00ti
by $250,000, and Dorm l-Iquiptucnt
Replacement funds have been irr-
crcuscti by $300.0(Xl.

(icncral Adritinistrativc funding
has becrt further reduced, however.
Last year. the program faced a
$300,000 loss and has been hit with

a further cutback of $661000 iii the
proposed budget. said ()‘l.cary.

ltt addition. "Other Than Pet'-
sonai Services" (O'I‘PS), us a rcstrlt
of a proposed $i2.3 million reduc—
tion. will lose approximately $2.3
tttilliort. OTPS include such items tts
Xeroxing expenses, paper supplies.
and pencils.

SUNYA, explained ()‘i.cary. will
lose $i22.000 itt OTPS.

('arcy has also proposed a 475
position cttt in the SUNY system.
btrt. according to 0‘1. 'ary. titcrc is
an unsubstantiated figure of 650
poisitions to be eliminated. which
would save an additional $4 tnillion.

SUNYA. suid O'Lcttry. may lose
26 positions. allltotrglt lit) position
etrts could bccorrte a I‘L‘ttl possibility.

Where Have All The Rodents Gone?

by Patricia Ilrnulcy '

While rttrrttcrotrs /\llttttlt Quad
residents have recently corrrplaiucd
of ttticc itt their rooms. SUNYA
Director of Residences, .lohn Wel—
ty. said ycstcttlny that lie has receiv-
cd no reports of rodents irt tltc past
week.

“Since Ilrc beginning of the
semester thcrc itavc only bccrt a
small rtntttbcr of reports of mice."

he said.

“’I'hc ntrrnbcr of reports is too
small to merit extensive extermina-
tion." he'said. “There is regular
mortthly extermination bill this
does ttot include specific trcatrncttt
for rodents."

He added. “In the past the Plant
Department has provided
monsctrups and poison. To my
knowledge this has helped substan-
tiaily."

\‘Vntcrbury llnll Director Martha
l‘itch said she has had on corn
pinints in the past week.

“Iinrly itt lltc scmcstcr I had a
few reported incidents bttt no ntaior
problem with rrtice has been
brought to my attention," she said.

l"ilch snid. "lixtcnsive C\lL‘t'ltilllll-
tion. which would mean dustingt ro-
tlcnt poisoning. would be extremely
messy."

Alumni Quad Coordinator. l,i/.

Radko. also reported no complaints
of [nice this past week.

“lixtcrtuiuntors will look ittto the.
mouse problem over the recess. liut
they will Itot use dust poison; if
necessary they will use traps and
poison pcllcts to get rid of any mice
they find," site said.

She added site has had no reports
front the 'afctcritts of mice.

The mouse problcrtt was brought
up for discussion at art Alumni
Quad iloard meeting on Sumlay
night.

Waterbury resident and (‘cntrui
(‘onncil Representative, Laura .lon-
Itsou. nskctl Quad Ilotu‘d‘s support
for a petition calling for extermina—
tioti over the re s. She said she
will present this petition to Wclty.

The proposal to support the pcti»
tion was discussed and voted
a 'tinst by upproxinuttclv 25
residents of Alumni Quad who at:

tcntlcd the ruccting.

“I don’t know why tltcy don't
believe there's a probictn. it's
definitely a serious problem. l‘coplc
studying iii the cafeteria ltave sccrt
them. pcoplc iii the dorms have seen
them,“ according to Jonnson.

"There have been nuntcrotrs
eitiugs and catchings in Sayles.
Pierce. \\’nlcrbury. and Aldcrt. In
one night i got over ltlI) residents to
sign tr petition who said they believ-
cd there was a rodent problem,"
she said.

.lonnson sttitl she believes she can
get 300 signatures before vacation.
She said she hopes this will cn-
courage the tuiministration to exter»
mlnutc over the break.

Aldcn Ilali Director Intern Tom
Van Shoor suggested “the best way
to go about dealing with the mice
problem would be to register at corri-
plaint with your dorm director."

()‘l.cary said the University has
“bceIt able to solve the problem" so
for beer ise position cutbacks have
been rnruimui. I4 to be cut at the
most. “We corrid be facing some
serious problems ahead." he added.

"Our first task is to argue effec-
tively that this should riot take
place," ()‘I.c '3 smtcd. “i think
that a cogent argument. well plac-
ctl, cart make a difference."

A group of approximately 60
University students and faculty
tttctttbe ‘ are currently ittvestigating
all campus programs tutti ad»
ministratch positions to detcrutirtc
where adjustments ttecd to be in-
stitutcd.

in previous years." explained
()'i.crtry. reductions have been
made in nonviustructive positions
which include secretarial. technical.
and maintenance areas.

He emphasized that "no matter
what the budget otrtcornc is. this is
going to b * art irtstittrtiott ofqttnlity.
That is going to be a central cori-

I budget cuts A
"Quality IIIle flt“lll(lfllltlillt’t/. "
(Photo: UPS)

 

 

