.- A
- UICDIII G

l 3' 'g 7.1.980I

 

i like it when we go for a lk like this '

  

& you can hear all the bugs — stuff chirpin
& the leaves is all cracklin & the air is nippy
& only me & only you is out here in the dark
& i aint scared cause me 8: you is here

& i can hear you b'reathin kinda soft-like

& its just like a ice cream & choclit cake

birthday party only better

Watts

Next door to a fluorescent phone booth
A loner burn robs lunatic Manuel
Runs. blurs, fades into numb unreality
Blue Norma unrobes, moans. rambles
Hazin prowls thru clinging bedsheets
“'elines yowl like sobbing children

A flickering match illumes the sultry
night

A howl. a cathartic. apocalyptic ranr
page

Growls and crashes, bowels. incinera
i on

And behold:

The six-fingered. six-toed giant is slain
And behold: he arises bruised
Seven—teed and thin-skinned 

w. H. ‘9’

Wendell Heddon

At time i soar in ﬂight with the eagle

dipping in and out of the blue lake of the sky y
like that of the swan below in her own habitat
and rejoice. for freedom is mine.

ms. Another Poem

Alland Craig Hanna

And at time I walk like the bear on the ground

stalking the woods without much feeling or thought

to capture what prey [may claim as mine

And [ have no guilt
for taking what is not mine

For I am blind to knowledge of the such

And once in a while

l am the sparrow in the tree
fighting hard to secure my place
on my branch

against the force

of the barren wind

Which has rendered me all alone

But most of the time [am all of these

In fantasy of thought. [soar with the eagle

In survival of reality, [stalk with the bear

And at night, when [pause with loneliness

lam the sparrow on the branch, rendered that way
From the force of the barren wind

Ah, such are the days of my life

Like poems that are never finished

Each day a new verse

and the death

before an ending has been prepared

no funeral for the eagle who soars the sky
no answer for the bear who stalks the ground
and

no period will be placed

to show ending to the sentence
for the sparrow on the branch

rendered all alone

by the force of the barren wind
his verse to remain incomplete

for the poet

lie writes forever.

 

 

 

 

‘ * t - - " r ...v.,

 

INovember 7, 1980

 

“My language is the universal whore
whom [have to make into a virgin."
- Karl Krause

\

As a child. l glorted in the cliches and
platitudes of establishment literature and
mass media. 1 revelled in the glitteran for-
mality. At first. i was easily confused and
deceived by what i heard and read.

it was easy ‘to be fooled into thinking that
all was right with the world as long as the
book's protagonist won in the end or the
radio's announcer returned with news on the
hour. ,

To me. news meant: a "spontaneously"
applauded peace-with-honor-and-a-new-
age-dawning Presidential speeci; with an
immediate network analysis, complete with
long~range predictions of effect (as well as
reactions in good set terms from all major
proponents and detractors — and more after
this); a sonorous. reassuring voice presen-
ting a brightly-packaged toybox of strikes,
kidnappings, bombings and assassinations
("And that wraps up the news"); a glib sport-

 

scaster with all vital statistics of each player
and computer projections of winnabtlity pro~
babllity.

That was what I liked: everything in its
place. i had a grade-school history-textbook
image of the world. Heroes were nothing but
heroes. Black was black and white was
white, and ‘gray was my dismal distant world
apart from my comics and textbooks. This
image provided me with a temporary sense
of security and belongingness that l craved.

it was an escape. As such. it served a pur-
pose. But it. added nothing of lasting value to
my life. Through establishment-literature
and mass media. l developed a strange kin-
ship with the outside world. it was like stan-
ding outside a brightly-lit store window as
people passed by on the sidewalk. happily
chattering among themselves. Though l was
there; i was not there.

Within my own little World. the so»cal|ed
“real world," i experienced. but did not ab-
sorb. That is. | cognitively accepted concepts
such as love and death. but their full
significance, their emotional consequences,

 

'l'he Merits

During these times of anti-draft. anti-
defense. and antl-perspirant, i feel that a
defense of the cadet is in order. We cadets
are misrepresented and misunderstood. We
have been described as missing in action.
rnlssing a screw, and missing the boat. No.
we don't carry guns, bombs. or Freshen-Up.
We are more at home In West Hampton
than in West Point. Who are we? We are the
Space Cadets. and i am the Admiral.

You know who we are. We're the ones
who continue to mumble. “ah-ha, yea, ah-
ha" ten minutes after you've hung up the
phone. We rush to nine o'clock classes on
Sundays. Our checks are dated 1977. We
call you up and ask. “Who is it?"

We're the ones who don't realize we've
bought the French version of The Little
Prince until after we've read it. And we're the
ones who walk into elevators and push no
buttons. We just stand there. After all. while
you‘re cruising to the third floor, we're pass-
ing Pluto. '

' However, do not be disturbed, dejected.
agitated. or spun dry; those are the novice

W
'I'oo "any
'I'imes

Too many times we fail and move on. it is
very true. And this means little or nothing.

You see. once i was in love and all these
little or nothings meant absolutely nothing. i
got over it. it was a four day cold complete
with red eyes and runny nose. Don't really
remember quite when it all‘ended, possiblyl
was asleep. She . . .

What made you think i would speak of her?

Don't answer. That type of question is
regressive. and nobody needs that mess.
She got up and moved. She took all her
knicks and knocks and packed; said a few
nasty things and slammed the (loot. I had a
few things i wanted to say. but never got the
chance.

i think they plan it that way Get as close
to the door as they can. call yott a hug brain.
and storm out just its you were a tout to ex
plain that. compared with their body weight
and brain size, bugs are relatively small. No
chance of that. So the next day you're tel-
ing the nnlkman, tn thltdl conversation.
about bugs, brains. bodyweights and iQs. i la
think:- you've really gone off theI deep end.
So for tlnI rest of his life he keeps pouring in
your front porch window looking for other
lt‘ll‘litlt.’ signs.

What it all leads up to is this:

Too many time» We fail illitl move on. it is
a damn shame. if she is willing to comeback
again and discuss bug brains. well. I’m

game. 0

Cadets. the plebes, the true sergeant is in-
conspicuous. She can be laying Biff In the
kitchen while landing on Aurora Borealis.
Her body can reach orgasm while her mind
reaches Orion. We are Moon Majors. not
Earth Mommas; the Quantum Queens. not
Jordache Junkies. '

"Golly." you might say, "how can this
be?" Do you remember the Star Trek
energizer that turned human matter into
pure energy. sent it through space. and put it
all back together again when the proper
destination was reached? Well. as my
molecules were being sent through the air.
the show went off the air.

“Well. cracklln' crispers. what earthly pur-

Live in a bowl. live in a lie, live in an illu-
sion, live in a dream, but live baby. baby.

The university confirms and comforts. it
prepares us to cope with change. Change
means stress.

To be on edge. to be sharp and anxious is
to be ready. To avoid anxiety. we rely on
security. A secure nation is an ever»changtng
nation.

if education is Valid. it produces a gnawing
hunger, an insatiable desire, for knowledge.
for self and societal improvement.

injustice occurs not only because the rich
have much while the poor have little (often
through no fault of their own). but frequently
'7ecause the rich actively oppress the poor.

l

g (The Student Notebook

 

 

i 1'. set: 'Is At snow

eluded me. The joys and tragedies of life
were quite often related to me secondhand.
My own experiences were limited to my
childhood milieu; it's quite true. i lived in a
box. Those emotions and experiences 1 did
absorb were often tnexpresstble, too poig-
nant to be represented by the limited
vocabulary which i had developed.

it was not until I explored the world of
literature that l encountered life as life —— my
life. Spread upon the printed pages. so that
all might partake. were what seemed to be
my own secret thoughts and suppressed
yearnings.

i found companionship and security in the
writings of others; in my own scribbles. l
discovered that these qualified qualities
could be found within myself.

So i write. i write about the "real" world as
l perceive It and i write about it in the
language of those who share it and demean
it. As my audience. they' are Indispensable.
but i resent them because i want to sit alone
in my unique, Utopian island kingdom and
control all that l survey. including that gnaw-

ing loneliness.
at is Impossible, so i instead say that i

write for my own pleasure, with the hope
that others Will find it pleasurable. also; not
pleasurable in the sense that they will enjoy
what they read — oh no. i want to convey a
vivid and original expression of life as it is or
as it should be, an expression which will
shock readers into reinforcing or redefining
— maybe even transcending themselves.

if l don't succeed, i will nevertheless be
content. i can Identify with Sartre's account
of his youthful literary attempts:

"Ignored and barely tolerated, my
literary activities became seml- '
clandestine. Nevertheless, I continued
them diligently. during vacation. and,
when [ had the luck to be sick, in bed.

I remember happy convalescences
and a black. red-edged notebook
which I would take up and lay down
like a tapestry. [played mouies less
often; my novels took the place of
everything. in short. [ wrote for my
own pleasure. " O

Zea_Mithn

Of A tadet-

pose can all this space traveling possibly
serve?" The answer is altruism, my boy.
altruism. We Cadets can make you feel good
by lending you an ear without a body attach-
ed. We're the ones who stand there while
you talk about your 15 page paper on "The
Genital Viruses of Lord Byron". Only a
Space Cadet could endure three verses of
existential yogurt of the pseudo»psycho-
schizophrenia of Frank's. And who else
could live with a nco-Nazi check bouncer. a
poppy-seed pusher and a Playtex poster girl
without receiving pay?

in all reality (and we are very real). can a
Professor truly believe that the wide-eyed
student before him/her is absorbed tn

squashed Alger Hiss or in Noam Chomp's
skies? Or does s/he realize that the mind
has, In fact, exited through those very same
wide eyes?

Only space travelling cart turn Sol Kraties
into Socrates, lra Stein into Einstein. play-
doh Into Plato. or a transcendental
tranSVesttte into Major Tom. Who knows.
space travalling could even give Al D'Amato
brains, John Lennon humility. or Mayor
Corning retirement!

So. the next time you're on a school bus
and hear someone yell out. "Manning,
please," while the bus is approaching Eagle
Street. don't think, “Must be drugs." Think
Andromeda. I

’ Life During Wartime

We must refuse to pursue increasing levels
of niaterihl consumption. while ignoring
worldwide depletion of resources. Not only
would we be better stewards, but we would
live more abundant lives if our interests were
more balanced so that we paid more atten»
tion to our spiritual. social. and
psychological needs than to our material
desires.

We now wttnuss an entirely new stage in
world development and yet we hardly see it
at all. We fail dismally to unhook ourselves
from ideologies that are no longer consonant
with the new motor forces of world events.
We stubbornly cling to easy dichotomies ~—
East-West; CapitalistCommunist; the haves

“no
mi

 

 

and the have nots — anduwe fail to see the
true world of vast new multiplications of
cultural forces in which the old ideologies are
not only incorrect. but may also lead to
disastrous consequences.

We live in a world that is increasingly un~
predictable and increasingly a world not of
American choosing or of America's imagina‘
tiou, Event alter event brings home the fact
that we understand each less and less, and
clamor more and more for simple answers.
The world has unalterably changed and so
must American education.

Americans react to decisions made by
other nations in such a frenzy because they
have never tried to understand any new
viewpoint other than their own. And.
because they have convinced themselves
that what they stand for is Right and Justice.
they feel that anyone who disagrees with
them Is on the side of evil. '

The course of human events leads us to
the conclusion that life has a meaning and
perhaps. just perhaps, we should look at the
possibility that life is without meaning —- a
void that‘must be filled by the moments we
spend in the search for love.

When one is a moderate in the pursuit of
justice for human beings, they are a sinner

i believe that fighting against those who
fight against me. is the best course of action
in tiny situation.

The object of war is to destroy the enemy.

The war is a revolutionary war, thereby
making it a war of the masses. it can be won
only by mobilizing the masses and relying
upon them. in the words of David Bowie:
“Children of the world. ptll camel shit upon
the walls,"

The war is on. the war is now. "death" is
calling to us all. (This ain't no Reagan. this
ain't no Carter. this is life.) 0

r 3,... a auntanre-ahvwi W: s. Hg... -

r

l
i.

r.-

. wmu

  

