 

 

M, ,1.

“Wkutm‘ﬂuue wwwua

. u

ummuvrm... ..., . .  , - r” 1 t.-

 

An  for the  company’s
error to all introlv’ed'with the.

State  Rafters trip
on Saturday March 8.

We’re REALLY sorry.’

State Staff.

' ﬁmsawmmarmwﬂt

I
K‘W’IQW’Q‘ *‘J

SAnnday

I
‘.

     
  

Him

t .‘tssamr.r.'-.'.'.*.'e.monastery”. . , ‘ - '
coco-our» H“! I ' ﬂ

- Match ,1 5 .- 8:00 pM ‘

Fnon r Row CEN ran

FREE“!

A’ClAssic live CONCERT By

Led Zeppelin I 2

only

CD

 

 

 

 

r

 

 

 

 

 

4e

 

 

“I
4. Dance The Night

Away
at

'I'en Eyck’s

Rock n" Roll Party

4munnlsie
Wetﬂﬂﬂbj
3mm.
TenEydlmerLoI-ue

K .

 

ATTENTION!
ALL STUDENT GROUPS

Planning a sexuality program?
Advertise through the SRC...

speakers,pamplets,andotherresouoe
materials areavailableformuse

Contact : The Sexuality Resource Center

457-8015

,105 Schuyler Hart, Dutch mon. - In". 12:00 - 8:00

 

 

 

 

preélaw association

guest speaker:

 

qeveml  mﬁNQ

wednesdAy , much 1 9

8 :45 va [(319

Maryanne Krupsak,

former N.Y.S. lt. govenor

 

 

~

  

 

 

 

xxxgx-vwiv‘w

"‘3‘;

 

 

 

WiihA: HArANdTAx mid $2.50
l-IA'rmTAXCARd- $2.75

’ .Iusrrtsyoum

MAD HATTER
PARTY

9‘ Friday ‘March 14th
it, Dutch Quad Penthouse

Featuring: Best in Rock, Disco, :

New Wave

Dance all night to Sounds from
Incredible Music systems

,Mixed drinks, Munchies

  

$5.00

l

,  go to TELETHON ’80 "

 

w

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 xxx

     

xxxxxx

Yx“1x XXXXXXX‘I‘Kj‘x

 

 

 

 

 

But The Reality f A Cover-4p Is No “Joke"’

We urge you to read the front page, and read it carefully. The matter at hand is of
crucial importance and will affect the present framework of student leadership on
this campus. Let Student Association attd your Central Council representatives
know how you feel about this issue.

According to various members of SA, ballots were switched during last May’s
run-off election between SA President Lisa Newrnark and her opponent Sharon
ward by then Acting Assistant Election Commissioner Mitch Davis. Wltile the
number of ballots involved apparently would not have affected the clection’s out-
come, and while Davis has recently claimed that the ballot switching did not irt fact
actually occur, it was the subsequent knowledge arid cover-up of tltis incident by
higlt level SA officials that is the ntost shocking aspect of this horrendous affair.

Within hours after the irtcidertt, six officials learned of the alleged ballot fraud
and, utrder the direction of presertt SA Comptroller Craig Weinstock artd SA Inter»
nal Affairs Chair Jim Mitchell, a conscrtstrs was reached to tell neither Ncwmark nor
the election commissioner. From this began the growtlt of a widespread cover-up
within the organization whereby both Weinstock and Mitchell (who botlt hold
powerful SA positions) failed to institute an investigation irtto the election fraud, in-
stead opting for silence.

Over the past tcrt ntotttlts, membcr‘ ttftcr' merrtbcr of SA has learned of the inci-
dent; all faiICd to question Newmark (who apparently still did not know) not check
the charge’s validity. This passive inaction by the very “lenders” entrusted by
SUNYA students to appropriate three-quarters of it million dollars of otrr tax money
and represent us iii the academic community, cart trot easily be pardoned,

Despite Mitchell’s contention that if Davis rtcvcr switched ballots tlrcrt no judicial
action need be taken, the harsh reality is that such a lack of ethical behavior by our
student leaders irt such a conspiracy must be responded to.

How a dozen leaders could morally justify withholding such knowledge from the
SA president puzzles trs profusely. How Lisa Newmark never learned of the clttrr'rtdc
that her closest advisors were involved in forces rrs to question the control she has on
the association as a wltolc.

ln art effort to combat the widespread Watergate mentality this cover-up has
fostered; to try to restore honesty and integrity as cctttral components in campus
politics, the ASP recommends tltc following actions:

0The immediate resignation of Craig Wcittslock as SA Controller. 11' only half the
information obtained concerning Weinstock’s role in the cover-up is true, then tlterc
is certainly little room for Weittstock iii a leadership position in SA. in addition to
conspiracy, leadirtg a cover-up and neglecting the responsibility of art investigation,
threatening students with physical violettce is a part of politics we had hoped had
been long layed to rest.

'Thc immediate resignation of Jim Mitchell as chairman of lrtternal Affairs as well

as his removal from botlt University Senate arid Ccrttral Council. like Weinstock,
I

he played a leading role in the cover-up, made a mockery of the Internal Affairs
Committee and showed the same blatant disregard for political integrity and hones-
ty.

'Dismissal of Mark Lafayette from University Senate and Central Council. Though
not involved as heavily in the conspiracy, both Lafayette and Jim Castro-Blanca
were led like sheep by Mitchell and Weinstock. In addition, Lafayette and Castro-
Blanco have recently decided to run in this coming year's election for the positions
of SA vice president and president, respectively. We urge these two to withdraw
their names from consideration due to a displayed lack of leadership qualities.
'Unfortunately, little cart be done to the remaining students primarily involved in
the conspiracy. Davis, Rort Frank and Abbie l-lavkins have all departed from SA.
Lct their actions rest lteavily on their consciences.

'Of the several SA members who learned of the incident at various times following
the May electiott, justice cries cut but must be tempered by reality; for to dccimale
the rartks of Student Association would result only itt studcrtls being the losers once
again. We sharply criticize their poor judgment in ttot exposing it regardless of the
time elerttertt arid hope that they have realized that hottest must be a major tenet in
any politican's political philosophy. Upon learning of the incident, Central Council
members should have pursued it with a vigor artd sirtgletnittdedrtess at all costs. A
cleansing of SA — not silence — should ltave been their decision.

it is time for the legislative branch to regain its independence so as to assert itself
more in cltcckittg the executive branch. The oath taken by Craig Weirtstock on
Wednesday as a rtcw member of Council was a ﬂagrant disregard for the role of the
different SA branches. This was turrted into art even greater insult considering the
fact that a prime topic on the agenda was the clectiort cover—up. What is art executive
leader doing in the legislative branch? Artd why wasn’t his induction postponed until
a proper investigation could be conducted?

Tltc election process is a disgrace. It must be tigltterted and heavily monitored by
impartial people at all times. Under no circumstances should Ward or Newmark
campaigners lrnve been allowed within throwing distance of those ballots. While the
question of whether the ballot switching was "a joke" rcnrains to be answered. it
must be emphasized that it is rtot the principal issue. We have a conspiracy, a
resulting cover-up, and the apparent crumbling in the very ethical fiber of Studcrtt
Association. '

Newmark ltas recently appointed a commisssion to ittvestigatc the incident. In
hoplrrg that the findings are fair and accurate. we ask that the results be open, public
and published. Newmark can arid must prove herself to be a strong and capable
leader. She should contemplate well the type of people sltc turns to for help and ad-
vice. Choosing the rigltt help at this juncture will be the true key to reconstruction.
Hopefully, this will all be done so SA can get back to the business of looking out for
the interests of 15,000 students and readying for the new elections, only five weeks
away.

 

 

 

x <.. w “any. n

M

 

French Connection) and special effects (The
Exorcist) to Credit: controversy and interest irt
his movies. Now, he has stooped to ex-

mediater upon receipt oi' rtty parent's letter
that it was insufficient. The one month
period separating tltesc two actions apparent-

ly was it crucial factor it) this situation. The
office also led rttc to believe my position
would be given back even after all rrtorrcy had
been allocated by the end of the first week of
classes. Finally, 1 was ttot allowed to make ‘dll
appointment to speak with you.
lrr my rnirtd there is no excuse that can
justify the refusal of an adtttinistr'tttot' to
speak with a student with the complaints I
have otrtlirtcd. l understand the difficulties
involved in the operation of yotrr office, but I
also strongly believe that sortie of the people
who work there should serioust consider ct»
rtctly for whom they are working to serve. l
feel that in the spirit of service to students
and cornrntttrity that are considered basic
foundations of this university, Ms. latrrlcy
and yourself have certainly misplaced your
priorities and that although apparently
nothing cart be dortc to help rrre, no other stu-
dent should have to be treated iii the manner
it! which I was treated. For the srrkc of
students of this university. I hope rlrrrt in the
future actions such as those I have en—
countered will not be repeated.
Sincerely,
Walter Stryker, .lr.

Cruising

To the Editor:

Thousands of guys have not protested the
filming and showing of Cruising on tltc basis
of paranoia, as .lirtt Dixon suggests in his
senseless review. They are protesting the fact
that Hollywood seldom makes films dealing
with guys and has chosen a clearly negative
aspect of gay life to exploit. The filrrr letrVes
the impression that backroom bars and
srrdornusochistic sex are widely accepted and
practiced among homosexuals. (lays fear not
only the “faghtrshcrs” it will encourage, but
the idea that filmgocrs will see Cruising and
feel that now they know what guys are
“really” like. -

William Friedkin, the film's director, has

 

in the past relied on clever editing (The

plotting rmd degrading guys to cash irt on the
prrblic‘s curiosity. In addition to its crude
subject, the film is poorly made and poorly
acted. (‘ritics turd audiences alike have over»
whclmingly condemned the film.

No ottc wants to see censorship, brrt ('I‘rtrlv-
i/n: should not have been mtrtle. It certainly is
not worth seeing.

Chuck l-‘ior'cllo

A Rafters Apology

'I‘o llrc Iiditnr:

This letter is an apology to all those
students angered anti inconvenienced by the
bus foul-up during the State Quad Rafters
trip of Saturday, March ti, 1980. The people
who payed their rrrortcy with the irrtcrttiorr of
having it ftrrt time that night, were greatly
wronged. A bus company error had sent only
two buses for the trip instead of the pre-
arranged four. Mistakes happen, however
this one never should have!

To the people who made it to the Rafters
later that night. i ltopc you all had it good
tirrrc. even though the duration of that stay
was shorter than planned.

And to the people who cancelled out, I
know the ticket rcfrrnd could never make up
for it rtrincd evening.

This incident cotrld have been avoided if
better irrtercorrtrrtunicalion skills had been
present on the part of the bus company.

Again, we're sorry for the “royal” screw-
up.

Sincerely,
liob With
State Quad R.A.

Fight The
Budget Cuts

 

 

 

 

 

 

,7
4
A .
Eutabllohed in 1916
Rich I. Bell-r, lirlrror-rrr-Clrrcl

Ron Lew, Rob E. Grubmnn. Munrrgrng lzdrtors

News Edltor , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mrr‘helc lsrocl
Anoclnle News Editors Laura l-‘torr'ntino, Sylvia Sounders

ASPecIIr Editors Stuart Mrrtrrrrrtta. lioh O'Bnnn

Hit/tunic Gerber
Paul Schwartz
. Bolt lirallt‘ih'ore

Aonoclale ASPeeto Edllor
Sporllr Edllor .

Associate Sporls Edlto
Editorial Pages Edltor . . Steven Rolnlk
Copy Edllor . . . . . . . . . . . . . Aron Smith
Sinﬂwrllers: l’trl limrrlcy, Andrew Carroll, llaroltl Diamond. Mike Fried, Maureen George, lid
(iootlmrtn, Whttnvy (iotrld, Larry Kuhn. Amy Kanlor. Dongle: Kuhn. Debbie Kopl. Rich Kmslow,
Susan Mllltgan, Kathy l’erillt, .lell Schadofl, Beth Sexer. Mlke Williamson Zodllc & Prevlew
Edltoro: (Irrrol Vollt. .lnrntt- chrn

Debbie Kopl. Business Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Steve Goldstein
, . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Llsa Applebaum
. . . . . Bertrch llrown, Miriam Raspler

. . . . . . . , Fran Gluecken

Adverﬂllng Manager. .

Billing Accountant . .
Anal-tint Accountant . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . .

Componltlon Mun-gar . .

 

SIIGI: Rich Sclronlnger, Rlch Sellgborr Clnlolﬂad Manager: Robin Block Componlllom Mlke
McDonald, Marla Blanchl. Mdrllyn Moskowltz Advortlolng Productlon Manager: Sue
l‘lousnran Adverllnlng Productlon: lZdlth Berelson, Merle Anne Cnlavllo, Tammy Getger, Joy
Goldsteln Penny Groonsltzln, Ruth Marsden, Mike McDonald, Joy l’relcr. Steve Roblns Ofﬂcc
8n": Bunnle Stevens, Stet/tr Robins

Eric Koll, Vincent Alello, Production Managers
Ell-o- Boclr. Lh- Bonglomo, Joy Frlldm-n, Associate Production Managers

Vcnlc-I Camera . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dave Benjamin
Tvplol Ellrlordln-ha . . . . , . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Marilyn Monroe

Plate-up: Sue BenJarnln, Dean Betz, Marie ltaltano. Tvploll: Rosemary lierrnra, Marie
Gabarlno, September chln, Debbie Loeb, Debble Schlller, Zarl Stalrl, Laurie Walters Pro-
ofreader-t Rachel Cohen. Suc l.lchlen5teln, Robln Larnstcln. Arnold Reich Chnuﬂour: Tom
Salton

Photography, supplied prlnrlprrlly by Unlrrcrslly Photo Service

Photographer-x Rnill‘lllt.’ Kulrrlroll, llob Leonard, Alan Calcm, Karl Chan, Steve Essen. Mike
Farrell, Mark l‘ltrlelt. Mair Ilensr‘hul. Dave Machson, Steve ngro, Carolyn Sudgwlck, Sunir
Stelnkamp, Sue Taylor, ’l'ony Tassurortl, Wlll Yunnan

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

