 

 

Sage Eight. I )

 

 

n
outng Couples. a new film written
by Martin Donovan and directéd
by'Jack Smlght. is about what peo-

ple look for in affairs. The film tells us that

these people look to fill certainneeds. and
each of the main characters In the movie has

a particular need to fill. Evelyn and Walter _

Mark Kirsch

aresmarried and rich (they are both doctors).
and they swap partners with Gregg and
Stephanie. two younger people who are liv-
ing together. The established, well-off couple
are looking for certain things in their youthful "
lovers — craziness. Innocence. and a happy-‘
go-lucky mitude. to name a few. Likewise.
the "swinging singles" are also looking to
learn cer in thingsfrom their older. more
experienced counterparts (the value of a real
relationship Is an example here). Loulng
Couples attempts to explore these needs and
attitudes, and it does so in a silly.
unbelievable way. This film is flawed but fun.
Evelyn (Shirley Maclaine) is the unsatisfied
woman looking for excitement — something
unattainable from her occupation~oriented
husband. She turns to her patient, Gregg
(Stephen Collins). for her diversions. Kind‘
hearted Stephanie (Susan Sarandon) then
informs Walter. (James Coburn) that Evelyn
is having an affair with her boyfriend. “It's a
good thing we're both monogamous."
Walter tells Stephanie before taking her to
bed. From Walter. Stephanie learns to be
ambitious. She advanced from mere
weatherw0man status to doing remote. on-
the spot reports. Meanwhile. Gregg has so

 

t's not the type of place that you'd
Q¢go to for a concert. but then this
was to be no ordinary show.

There Would be no flashing lights. no
heavy reverb. rror any mega-powered sound-
system. Just two students. Brian Levy on
keyboards and Michael Orefice at the
microphone. and a whole lot of attention
from the audience. -

The place: The Mousutrap. UAS' own
Version of a triglrtclub for the campus-bound.
The time; 9:15 p.nr.. Friday and Saturday
nights.

Their music is middle~of-the»road.
popular tunes from hit albums and Broad-
way shows. The vocal half of this troupe ap-
proaches the mike stand. smiles. and opens
the show with "You've Lost That Lovin'
Feelin' '." followed by "Superstar." and then
Elton John's Daniel."

Following the first set were three more:
each consisted of from eight to ten songs.
broken up by polite applause and colloquial
banter between Levy. Orefice. and a number
of members of the audience.

The duo's originality stems front their
original arrangements. Only Mike Oreficc
sang (save for back-up vocals on a handful of
songs). and the only accompaniment is pro-
vided by Brian Levy on piano and electric
keyboard. The "sameness" that rnlglrt or<
dinarily dull the proceedings was coutrter-
acted by a continuous change of tempo and
some conversational comic relief. The per-
formance was dynamic »- enough to cap-
ture most people's attention without becom-
ing burdensome.

Last weekend's show was a part of The
Mousetrap's "Cabaret Night” series that will
present a number of other student musl-
cians. Levy and Orefice most likely will be
returning to The Mousetrap and the Freeze
Dried Coffeehouse next setrrester. and will
be a feature in 'f‘ulutlron ‘81. 0

— Jeane Mchurt

n...— ~ “g... -

 

‘ Aopecto on Tuesday

' - ' f».

Stephen Colllno, Shirley Machine. Jamel Cobum. and Susan Sarandon

   

 

 

      

  

 

from Loving Coupleo: The film lo silly but fun.

for bad one affair. goes to bed with his client.
Mrs. Liggett (Sally Kellerman). Sounds fun.
doesn‘t it?

Of course. 'after all the playful
shenanigans. our heroes do learn from their
experiences. Evelyn finally tells Gregg: “l
can't change. And i don't want to." The men
get together to trade information on what

Jimmy Carter and the fellas at the

‘Defense Department would turn green

with envy if they only knew that
students at SUNYA have perfected an
anti-detection mechanism which is
more effective than the government’s
new anti-radar “stealth” aircraft.

Wendell Heddon

This new mechanism is intended less
for sneak attacks] and more for
avoidance procedures. it's easy and
convenient. Merely by utilizing the anti-
detection mechanism. the students foil
sightings by antagonist forces.

its uses are obvious. Needless and
unintentional incursions onto foreign
territory may be avoided and heated
confrontations may be side-stepped.
This maneuver thereby dispenses with
needless bloodshed while it maintains a
balance of power. There's no need for
the banal. the bloody. and the boring:

Situation “1: “Hello. how was
your summer?"

“Fine. how was yours?"

“Fine. how was  oh. l said that
already."

"Well. uh. listen. why don't you stop by
sometime?"

"OK. maybe I will."

“OK. good to see ya."

Situation ”2: “(Gulpl)”

“l'm going to thump you in two
seconds!"
"(Move. feetl)"

Situation /’3: Ogler: "Oh. hi. uh.
Lisa!"

Frigid stare: “My name is Julie."
Ogler: “Oh. sorry. Julie.“

Situation "4: “Good afternoon.
sir. would you like to contribute your
body to the fishes of our community?
Yottr little loan is long ovurdue. you
know.H .

Note well; Stealth is only operational

 

 

 

if the other person doesn't see you. 0

makes the women happy. They depart.
presumably new and enriched people.

This plot shouldn't be so weak. but
somehow. somewhere. the film goes way off
course. The script is unbelievably predictable
and extremely silly. The humor is based on
wide grins and slapstick with no semblance

Podium Avoidance. Stratesyl

October 28. 1963'

of intelligence. Though this type of humor
can be funny (and often was). it cannot sus-
taln a 90 minute movie. Amid all the
foolishness it's hard to take anything serious-
ly. let alone some' profound message Mr.
Smtght might wish to get across. We laugh
not at their lnablllties to see each other's
point of view (which may be enlightening).
but at Gregg when he careens off the road
and crashes_. while staring at Evelyn.

' On'the bright side. the film can be funny at
times. l object only at the way it gets us to
laugh: We do laugh. though. and maybe
that's all that really matters. Technically. the
film is quite good Despite its predictability. it
rarely drags. This was due to smart editing ~r
which helped quicken the pace of the film.
Basically the scenes were short and sweet.
and didn't let the audience get too restless
The movie's most striking aspect was pro-
bably its bright colors and fine photography.
The beautifully colored background helps
give the film its light. mirthful quality. There
is no real seriousness here; the film is mostly
kept quick and cheery, Certainly. the high

gloss is not meant to simply cover a weak

plot. though it does do this to some extent
The acting highlight was Shirley Maclaine.
who was quite good as Evelyn.

Because of its being well put together. we
may overlook some of the flaws (the
caricatures and silliness) that plague Loving
Couples. ft is in the department of messages.
believable situations. and real relationships
that the film falls short. But. if you're looking
for some laughs. leave your brains at the
door. and go see Loving Couples. it could
just be the diversion you're looking for. O

 

A) .

You see someone up ahead whom you wish not to see. (Stealth is only

 

operational if the other person doesn't see you.)

 

W
v

a”
a
’
’

ﬁ”‘“—~‘~

0’

"
’ .

Accelerate to the opposite side of stealth mechanism. thereby effective-i
ly vanishing lrom the other party's sight. v

z—X
z
[a

I
”

 

 

 

‘\
‘x
x
[a
’z
z
z
I
0

 

 

, 0 0
Move at I speed equal to that ol the other party‘a. The stealth
rmcchnniom ahoorba all wavelengths of llght in the visible range.

 

 

 

‘\__.) 0

  

 

 

— Anonymou-

  

 

....~ J...“ __..t_..- .... -L..=.....-.._......

 

 

 

 

[October 28. 1980

Aspects on Tuesday

 

[Page Nara I

Strange Bands, changed Bands;
FinﬁEiﬁ'intz, -

Ultravox

fter losing the mechanical vocals of

lead singer John Foxx over a year

ago. Ultravox lives on with the
spirit of Foxx still present.

Foxx’s lyrics and presence had a preoc-
cupation with being a machine. He was
replaced by Midge Ure and the group added
at least ten synthesizers. Foxx also left his
mechanical spirit llngerirrg in the band's
other members. which they transferred. on

stage. into a cold. mechanical performance.
*
Ed Prnka

The original members are Chris Cross.
bass and synthesizer: Billy Curry. violin.
guitar. and synthesizer: and Warren Cairn.
drums and synthesizer. They feel that. along
with Midge Ure on Vocals. guitar and (of
course) synthesizer. this sound. like on llit’li‘
new album Vienna. is more what they had
wanted Ultravox to sound like. v

Ure came from the llii‘li l\'ids. a punk-pop
group which released one album. Ure came
to Ultravox shortly after Foxx and Ultravox
mutually decided to split up.

The stage at J.B 's was loaded with syn-
thesicers and lights when Ultravox came out
and broke into their first song. “Astradyne.”
an instrumental off the new album. Thr-
sound was tight. very professional. aird very
synthesized. with Ure and Curry switching
off between keys and guitar or violin solos

After welcoming the crowd. a rare visible
sign of emotion. the hand went into "New
Europeans." followed by “Passing
Strangers." both off Vienna.

Tire band moved back and forth from their
guitars to their stacked synthesizers

 

 

throughout the show. leaving the center
stage open and lifeless for much of the time.

Ultravox their attempted a pair of older
songs of Foxx fame. "Quiet Men" and
"Hiroshima". These two vallent efforts were
quickly forgotten as the band then returned
to the mechanical present with a tune called
“Mr. X". Everybody. drummer included.
played synthesizer on this one. giving the
song a monotonous sound.

Tire title cut from Vienna was next. and it
went over well, Ure spent most of his time on
guitar at center stage. but it seemed as if the
band was fighting a losing battle with the syn-
ihesizers.

Then the band tried another oldie. "Slow
Motion." the big single off the Systems o]
Romance album. is a Foxx classic with dron-
ing.and screaming vocals. Ure‘s voice was
adequate. btrt the rest of the band seemed to
rush through it.

 

ast Tuesday night one of the more
interesting double-bills of the year
blasted into downtown Albany.
leaving an audience at J.B, Scott's both sur-
prised and satisfied. Angel City. an AC-DC~

Diarmuid Quinn

 

“They left the center stage open
and lifeless for much of the
time."

 

Going back to do "All Stood Still" and
finishing the show With thi- most popular
time off the Vlt'lliltl rilbtim entitled
"Slccprvalk." was a perfect contrast for thr-
group. Where the old Ultravox sting of
machines. with a front man Foxx givingthe
band depth and the lyrics meaning (Foxx is
also credited \vrth influencing both today's
electro-sound and the sounds of Gary
Numan). the new Ultravox carries a similar
sound lSut Urc (a pop ptrnlter) and the
band are missing the lyrics. ideas. and
curiosity the old band had.

 

type heavy metal band. opened tip for
ﬁngerprintz. an upbeat. high energy dance
band. forcing those iir attendance to listen to
contrasting styles of music. What evolved in
the space of four hours was the merging of
an originally split crowd.

Angel City is a new band out of Australia
where their first album has already toppvrl
the charts. and they brandislr a clcancui.
sharp and loud type of heavy rock Viit'rillht
Doc Nt'UbOll is the center of an otherwise
cold but driving set of performers. Neeson's
'i‘ttflhlrllll interaction with the audience. back
ed by a precise and technically strong set of
littl'sll‘lrlli‘r. kept the crowd not only attentive.
but constantly moving (a feat rarely ac»
complislrcd by a new heavy metal band)

 

Wrtlr the crowd still voicing thi'ir [Iprii’t‘i‘lii‘

Angel City

  
      

tion. Fingerprintz took the stage to a mixed
reception. Two flaws in the performance
were the few technical difficulties that stalled
the band. and the members' visible ner~
vousness. due to this start of a new tour.
After three songs. however. the crowd
warmed up to the band. and the audience
was once again moving iii tune with the per-
formers

l-‘ingerprinlz has just released a second
album. entitled Distinguishing Marks. that
has a very different style front their first LP.
I‘mrturing a new. more commercially
oriented sound. the band showcased almost
all of their new tunes. and irruclr to the light
of their fans. went through a good part of the
first record. They returned for three encores.
the tlrrrd being forced by the small crowd's
D'Iilliilllu vigil at the front of the stage.

The energy and emotion that these two
acts evoked from those present showed that
a double-bill need not consist of twa coni-
parahle bands to draw success. Hopefully.
the Capital District will see more shows like
these that challenge the avid music fan, 0

Sounds Of Deutschland

"Guten nbend rneine. Danten and Her-
ren, tUit‘ iraben hier uinen. Pop Shop. der
grossten Schlager des Landes" — so begins
the broadcasting for a- two hour radio pro-
gram that will be bombarding the listener
with current tunes from Pink Floyd and
E.L.O. — the biggest sounds from the cur
rent music scene in Germany.

ince the beginning days of rock
music. American and English
groups have remained in the
oreground. setting the trend for the latest
use of fuzz boxes. synthesizers and syncopa»

Andrea DiGregorio

tion. With the rare exceptions of groups such
as Abba and Kraftwerk. few foreign bands
have managed to place a significant dent on
the Billboard charts.

 

. r
Mun 4

lixumimng the to
gives one a sense of data vu The sclrlngers
(pop hits) are approximately three months
behind their Anglo~AirreriCan counterparts.
Going to ‘rlli'll elegant illnt'tr‘; a» “La Bastille"
iir Malnz. one can turte out to Frank Zappn's
"Bobby flrown." and the perennial "Funky
Town" by Lipps lncorporated.

Disco songs. imported front overseas. illi.‘
dominating thr- charts (Although it should by

Pix of the week: Frank Zappa

p ten in Duritschlaird

 

  

noted that "disco" in Germany acquires a
different definition Unlike our disco music.
characterized by a predominant rhyllrni sec-
tion. German disco encompasses an entire
spectrum of sound. it ranges from the “pure”
disco beat. to "pop" sounds such as those
emitted by Olivia Newton-Joint. "Rock"
music would involve only a small fraction of
the music section. New wave. punk. and
country carry the familiar American iirenn-
ing)

Not to be outdone by American teen idols
such as Leif Garrett and Airdy Gibb. Ger
many has produced "The Teens." the
epitome of teeny bop pop The group con-
sists of four clean-shown young boys who
make awkward attempts at serrsually singing
songs concerning pre-pubescent sex. While
the group is enjoying their zenith of populari»
ty iir Germany. they are attempting to spread
their syrupy sweet songs to the rest of the

.

    
  

 

 

. v "in t
world by recording totally in English.
Listener beware.

Anglo American influence can be heard
i'Vt'iUWltt'l’L‘. It is a frequent phenomenon for
ti’t‘tritliiui artists to ru-do an English lrrt
record in lllt‘ii nativu language. A tourist
would feel quite at home in most German
dtscoteques. where the DJ speaks only
English to assert his. "coolness". AFN
(American Forces Network) radio is one of

the most popular stations. Even at the most
nationalistic German event — a beer festival
A one will be sure to hear a snappy rundl-
tion of an American triite such as "Johnny
B. Goode".

Although "punk" music is a very rate no
currence iii the country (reserved for safety
piir fanatics). “new wave" is a small but
developing movement. Most notable, iir
terms of both nation-wide popularity and in
irovaiion. is Nina Hagen. The band consists
of bassist Manfred Praeken. drummer Her-
wig Mttturegger. Bernhard Potschka on
guitar. and Nina Hagen. lyricist and com»
poser.

Although the first cut. “TV Glolzer." is a
direct spin-off frotrt The Tubes' “White
Punks on Dope" with a different text. the rest
of the alhiim consists of German interpreta-
tion of new wave. The fact that all the cuts
are recorded in l-lagen's native tongue is an
indication that the band is not focusing on
commercialization. "Unbcshereilblich." a
song concerned with the changing of sexual
roles in a modern society. displays the
group's talent for producing razor-sharp
guitar work and biting social comment.
While this group does experiment with
various musical aird vocal effects (such as
"Fisch". which is sung acapello at varying
speeds). llagen's band bordered on unruly
“Natur” and “Heiss” are a hodgepodge of
shrieks. inane kissing sounds and barking
Although the band lacks finesse. talent is evi-
dent in "Frtcdhof." which is an interesting
experimentation in electronic music. and
"Der Spinner." a mellow. emotional
number. Once the band becomes more
polislri'd. il has the potential of being one of
the finest new wave bands in the flt’ltl.

Berlin offers a congenial breeding ground
for new bands. The many night clubs and
discos have spawned such groups as 2.
which does sing in English. the lnsisters. an
energetic all-female ensemble. and l’lund.

Not only is it commercially advisable to

record in English. it is also the "hip" thing to
do; yet an increasing number irf rebel groups
are breaking away from this trend. as In-
dicated by a song from Tempo. entitled
"You Are Leaving the American Sector."
whose lyrics deride American involvement in
the German music scene.

While music as a creative force flourishes
in the western part of Deutschland. it is stiﬂ-
ed and practically non-existent in the east.
Any lyrics that can be construed as political
are banned. City. a group which was
ostracized. is the easi's loss and the west's
gain. Composed of Georgi Gogow on bass.
Toni Kahl on vocals and 12 string. drummer
Klaus Selnke and Fritz Puppel on violin. the
group produces a haunting. touching sound.
amplified in a 20-minute version of “Am
Fenster". Acoustic guitar. with a violin ac-
companiment. creates a beautiful. tragic
sound. appropriate for the subject matter
which is about a fight for freedom.

The fate of German music is yet to be
determined. Several events seem to indicate
a positive branching out of their songs.
"Kraftwerk" made their mark on the
American charts a few years ago with the
relatively successful "Autobahn." Last year.
in an international music competition bet-
ween eighteen Countries (including England.
lsrael. Spain and France). Dschingis Kahn. a
German group. placed second. Their winn-
ing song was entitled “Dschingis Kahn." a
very brassy and exerting number about the
explorts of Ghengis Kahn. The Skorpions is
another group that has broken through on
the international scene. Extremely popular in
Japan. the group is famous for its heavy
metal. blues-based rock ‘n' roll. Hopefully
their latest release. Tokyo Tapes. a vibrant
live album which has already sold nrtllions in
Germany and Japan. will make an entrance
into the American music scene. and in
troduce US. listeners to a flavorful and un-
forgettable listening experience —— German
music. .

—~ tonight at the Palace Theatre;The Grateful Dead will be telecast to l-"roctors ip Sclr‘tdy on Friday.

 

