 

;><xn:,v€usu.w~;‘l'{:: h _ ' wwﬂ

 

 

 

' ' Can You See' The vRealiMe?

 

 

Bruce Kaufman ,
if you want a man to do a job for you. you
must specify what you want him to do. if you
then evaluate his performance on a basis
other than the successful completion of his
task. you may not have the best possible
evaluation of his work. This type of situation
often arises when the desired goal is difficult
to quantify. Education is a difficult goal to
quantify. As ﬁnals grow near. it seems only
natural to ask if our current grading system
accurately measures our educational perfor-
mance. 7
The grading criteria used at SUNY Albany
have as their bases a sincere attempt to
evaluate our performance of the academic
task. Data used for grade detcrntittation are
generally based on objective or essay style
testing that compare the relative performance
of the students involved. if tests can be

grading system sharp?

Often it is a student‘s ability to say exactly
what a professor wants to hear without ques-
tion or qualification, coupled with reading
speed and a skillful manipulation of language
that determine a grade. in my own ex~
perience. l have found this to mean almost an
entire grade‘s difference. in many cases. pro-
fessors deal with large number of students.
When faced with a student taking exception
to a question or qualification of an answer.
he often refuses to change the grade in the
name of equity to tire other students or out of
fear of upsetting the curve. These explana~
lions scent insufﬁcient. in the first place.
equity is reﬂecting undrcstanding with a
grade. A student who does not understand a
subject will not take exception to a question
or make a qualiﬁcation to an answer. He
would have no basis to support himself. As

created that clearly reﬂect learning, if tiresc for upsetting the curve. the curve is it set
P

tests are tempered by art astute educator. and
if a relative comparison is an accurate techni-
que for evaluation, then the grading criteria
seem sound.

When you apply to SUNY Albany or to
any of its academic programs. you must sub-
mit specific application forms and a
transcript. That is. you submit your grades. i
do not recall any places on the forms I filled
out to express a personal evaluation of my ac-
cornpiislurtents. i applied to this university
and was accepted orulral basis and i applied
to the business school here and was rejected.
They botlt gave me receipts for my applica-
tions; they did not give me an opportunity to
submit any further evidence of educational
acltievemcnt. Of course there was the oppor-
tunity to appeal the Business school's deci-
sion. bit! the time lltrtit was unclear arid the
fornr used did ttot yield itself well to cxplann»
tion. The wltole process was painful; itt ortch
to appeal. you artist he rejected. and the
forms and fortn letters were dcpcrsonaliting.
it is essential that the tools used for measur-
ing learning are both razor-sharp and sterile

The educational goal is individual and tile
criteria for judging accomplishments are
group. if the goal was not individual. there
would be no need for grading individuals.
The critcrca are group. This is clearly evident
irr standard dcpnttrnctrt grading policies bus-
ed on normal cttrvc distributions. 'l'hcsc
policies pcrruit only specified ratios of A's.
B's. C's. D‘s, and l'i's. l’rofcssot‘swho do not
coruply are censored by their peers. After all.
who writes the paycheck and determines
tcnure'.’ The student body had to meet certain
standards to be admitted. This sorting docs

~not seen congruous \\ith the normal curvc rcr

quircmcnt of a random sample. is the

when it does not reflect achievement ac-
curntcly. Are our testing procedures and
grading criteria as clean as we can get them
front extraneous criteria that might infect our
measurements?

A great harm is done when the student is
neglected in the developmertl of evaluation
criteria. The students drive to learn is fet-
tcrcd. their self-cstt-crrr is reduced. a
cancerous hostility with the systerrt is
developed. and an overall re-allocntion of
productive resources frotn the goal of
academic accomplishment to the goal of high
grade achievement occurs. Arc the tools we
are using sharp and sterile“!

The following is a list of suggested liti-
provcnrcnts to the current system that have as
their objective a better measurement of
academic achievement. Wircncver a Judge-
mcnt must be passed. if art individunl's
transcript docs not represent him, allow him
to represent himself—a simple optional csstty
would do the trick. chlign lltc curve to
reflect the prcsorling ol' the sttrdcrtt body.
Remove the policies that dciincntc grade
distributions. iixtcnd or rcrrrovc the time
limits on tests so that it strident with rt slower
rcttding speed is not handicapped. Include on
every test rt space for exception to questions
rind qualifications of answers. (live tltc stu-
dctrt body the bcncfit of thc tloubt I'illlllfl'
than doubt the benefit that has bcctr ttchciv-
cd. .
Our cttrrcnt grading system trchicvcs nu
cstintrttc of how much learning has taken
place. This Irrcnsurcmcut is dulled by grade
ratio requirements turd dirtics by extraneous
critcritt that have no bearing on goal achieve-
ment. This bchcsts change. is n slcdgclrttm-
mcr being used where a scalpel is needed?

 

 

 

. Just-ice Lost

To the Editor:

i would like to bring to the attention ofthe
student body for the second time this year.
the case of Vilis Hazners, the alleged Nazi ac-
cused of departing. beating. and murdering
Jews and in one instance forcing 200 Jews in-
to a synagogue and lighting it on fire. This
same Vilis Hazners. on February 27. l980.
was acquitted of all of the above. Acquitted!
Judge Anthony DeGaeto, after deliberating
for nine long months. acquitted alleged Nazi
Vilis Hazners because the United States
Government “failed to prove that the
Dresden resident was a Nazi."
(Knickerbocker News. March 2|. 1980.)

l have serious questions about this

"acquittal." How could DeGaeto ignore the
testimony of.scvcn witnesses brought from
Israel to Albany who testified that Hazners
had ordered and had participated in the
beating and murder of Jews? How could
DeGaeto ignore a picture of Hazners in a
Latvian S.A. uniform? Why did DeGaeto
refuse to deport Haznus even after the US
Governtnent proved Hazners had entered
the US illegally in 1956 by failing to disclose
his participation in Nazi activities? Lastly.
why did the U.S. immigration and
Naturalization Service (iNS) release the deci-
sion of the case in Baltimore Md., but not in
Albany where the hearings iii the case were
conducted for two and a halfyears? (The ac-
quittal decision came to light only after an in-
vestigative inquiry be the Knickerbocker
News.) These questions must be answered
before we can even think of acquitting
Hazners.

To those of you who thought that the vigil
in front of Harners' house was a “usurpation
of justicc." you'can clearly see by the out-
come oi‘ the hearings that you were wrong.
We at the vigil were trying to make people
aware that Nazis like Hazners are free and
golrrg unpunislred in the United States of
America. it is very irotric that the US in
which rnatry victims of the Holocaust now
reside, harbors over 400 Nazis and is the third
largest haven for Nazis in the world, it is up
to us. the student body. Jews and non-Jews
alike. to confront the NaIis attd demand that
they be punished. Witnesses are dying of old
age and Nazis are dying in frccdotn. itr
America. We must act now! Because Vilis
Hazners is laughing. And when people like
llazncrs laugh, humanity cries.

Am Yisracl Chai

.locl Roscnfeld

A Prof Thanks

lo the Editor:

'i‘hrough the columns of your pttpcr. i wish
to cortvcy my sincere gratitude to large
number of students and faculty who wrote
letters recommending me for the Student

 

 

Association Award for Outstanding Teacher
and the Chancellor Award for Excellence in
Teaching.

in receiving both these valuable awards. I

renew my dedication to serve the student

community and our university by putting in
my utmost to teaching and advising.

LS. UppaI

Professor

Economics and Afro American Studies

Dirty Games

To the Editor:

in last Tuesday's editorial you wrote about
the "Dirty Games" that are taking place in
this year's SA elections. yet We feel that the
ASP is equally guilty of this blatant offense.

We refer to the ASP's “timely” printing of
the article “Castro-Blanca Called by
J-Board" which appeared in the ASP during
the SA voting period. This article refers to an
incident which occurcd six months ago and
neither the lead nor the headline indicate any
current news.

We are not commenting on Castro-
Bianco’s innocence or guilt in this matter. or
even the ASP: right to print this story. but
we do object to the time that it was printed.
This story could have been run months ago,
last week, or even next week but it is ironic
that you chose to print this in the April 2‘)
issue which happened to coincide with the
middle of the SA voting!

We feel that in the future. you should print
the current news at the time that it happens
and not conveniently print misleading
headlines (it could easily be interpreted that
the incident had just happened) about ctrn~
didates. especially at election time. llcl'ort-
the ASP prints the rtrles of the “Dirty
Carries" of politics they should rcvicw the
rules and examine their own motives.

Robert liinscnstt-m
Michael lt'. Scott

 

 

A response to the April 29th Custro-Ittunm
firecracker article:

The ASP first learned of the letter (‘mtm
Blunco was supposed to sand when t hut/t
Che/lit. Slate Quad Judicial Board tIlt’ttI/It i.
had called the ASP three times [0 fian tntt it
we had received it. This was two n-t-t'ki
before elections.

The ASP dill not know of llll' ffrt‘t'l'tltltt'l
incident that ltod occurred in October unit
tt’()Itt/(’I‘L’(l what the content of this It'llt'l‘ not.
Challis would not say. ,

When Castro-Blanca went before the Ahi’
Endorsement Committee. one week hit/rm
elections, he war (It'lth about tln' It'llt‘t
Castro-"hurry; replied that it was in It'ltllttt/l
ship to (I judicial board's reprimand l/ltll lttt‘r
[ttt.\'.\‘t’(/ (Iflt'l‘ he ltnd avplodcd ttfirt‘t'rttt‘kt'r it:
his ltd/l. Ctt.\‘!rt)-I.t‘lttlt('() made no nu'ntmn m
the injured student who was tnltcn to .rl/lrtnt:
Medical 'r [Emergency Room.

7711‘ ASP's' April 25th issue had nmtti tln'tt'

 

 

IéOTOAEA
~L

R. I TALK.
STBJS. I
- at

l
T.

$2

 

 

 

 

ULiTlL FAT V

(’

UP

     

 

 

 

this incident in its Endorsement Committee '5

. Comment

review of the candidates. It was a sketchy and
incomplete account of what had happened. It
said, "he is clouded by his present hearings
on State Quad ’5 Judicial Board. he was
caught lighting off a ﬁrecracker in the
dorm. " J

Two days later, the ASP had learned tha/
there was much more to the incident than
Castro-Blanca had indicated.

Lustre-glance had until early December to
submit the letter. He had failed ta‘do this.
The failure resulted in his being brought
before the judiclal board again. Castro-
Blanca was stlll under judicial scrutiny for
the October ﬁrecracker incident at the time
the April 29th article was printed. This makes
the article relevant. Castro Blanca 'sfaiture to
appease the judicial board ‘5 sanction caused
the April 29th article. net harassment by the
ASP as many will suggest.

In response to Andrew S. Paul '5 letter to
the editor on May 2nd. the tinting of the
story was coincidental. . .the ASP had
learned the seriousness of the incident on
Monday, April 28th. Althouglt all informa-
tion was conﬁrmed by at least two sources.
statements from Jean Strella, David Jenkins
(associate director of residence programing)
and his assistant, Alice R. Corbin. could not
be contacted. Strella was in Rock/and Catt"-
ty and could not be reached by telephone.‘
Jenkins and Corbtn were both in Boston for
a conference. The story. however, was sound
and accurate. Peter Berenzy

No Hassles

To the Editor:

We would like to respond to the person
who wrote the letter in last Tuesday’s ASP
because he was concerned about the closing
of check cashing.

He was worried about Marine Midland be-
itrg the only place on campus for him to turn
for his banking needs. He pointed out that
their moneymatic machine is always break-
irtg down. and it's a hassle.

We say. don‘t worry! You cart casin join
the Credit Union on campus. Our tellers
never break down. and if they do suffer any
unfortunate breakdowns. we plain to replace
them with more stable people.

Tire credit union has also just raised in-
terest rates so that otrr rates are much irighcr
than those of any bank. You can also open
up it time account arty time for even higher
interest rates than ottr rcgulnr rates.

So stop screwing around with the
tnoncyrnutic machine. our tcllcrs nrc
friendlier. and better looking.

lirian Furlong
Andy Skurowitr

Open Minded

To The Editor:

This is in response to the article in the ASP
regarding the Gay/Lesbian rally. I would like
to comment on the purpose of the rally. i
think it's really important for the gtty com-
munity to “uplift their spirits" and “gain
recognition" by tlerrtonstt'nting because they
are still not accepted us much as they should
he as members of society. who deserve its
equal rights as any other citizen. i hope this
I'ztlly helped them gain support because the
only way for change is through opcn~ruirtdcd
itcnplc. i am also itr favor of thc child
custody bill to be passed. ’l‘ltcrc is no lilil‘lilx
Cd rc.t~.on \vhy tr child cannot be plttt‘ctl lllliit'l
llrc custody of the ltt‘llclvtrlthitlitly pttrr-rrr.
Witclltct he she in city or not. Winn litilllt'l
me is it 'tltt'llkcl, Karen Irvine's idm :rlmtr
Hilt'gttttinr- women“. rights with gay rtt'lrtr
itint' -'ttlllt.\l cvpt-t'l trillt‘rs to tlcpt-ntl or t":
i»|r.tngt' orrt' pttrtr‘rcnt utllr :tntrlltcr. lt rim:
swarming trrtt 1‘ sewn» rut

 

 

 

l -\'t'lll ill." .- l"'it

flttlullrlu it. c rclr ".trrpicnctl“ group trr ltllli
int citt'l. otltr‘t'». stttn‘yl. litc' .ttt :Au \t'r.
Jiliilt‘tt'nt tut... tlmt 'tttl'r‘ irt rlt‘itll otll tilt

ii“i‘»‘|liir anti .tr'. Illlltlitlltitllt‘h :vtrltpnrrt'tl lr'»
l;|rrr Vt'l\ ltlllt‘it ll
.: Hlli‘l‘. ‘

ltllill'lt'lll t-rtmttr. tru-rati

ti.i\t|l trl mi. tt'uilllril Irvin .rnrt .l\
l‘ltltlmrl. istttrpttrt tl|\“.‘.' trrr tJlIrl|rti - .1 ~ v t in
itttrvttrtc pzrv ~.t.’ttttiint' up In: their lll'lli‘. ‘.tt'

illiil i-‘llf'. no! .tlll 1 involved .tt limit it) my thi‘

   

[Arctiutrt-u, clubs, (lt'lllttll .liilllt
._.........__........._..- a-..“_._...

  

do feel very strongly about them trying to
change their situation and i don't have my
back turned on what they have to say.

-——A SUNYA gay supporter

Truly Omniscient

ft) the Editor:

The following is written by what is known
as an omniscient author. It irks me when i
hear ofthe Student Movement which is form-
ing to carry the ideals of great minds into ac-
tion. Unfortunately. the ranks of the move-
ment are all ,to transient. After college we
must all find ottr way through this world.
Whether our place be a Long island City fac-
tory or be it Madison Avenue. For some of
the fortunate “utopian revolutionaries" they
wil become professors. tltus. still able to
search for a cause. Please do not exclude
oneself so quickly from the ranks of the
“utopians” when you talk of dreams. point
to the faults of “them”. and throw the
names of revolutionaries about. i sincerely
hope you ktrow more of V.l. Lenin than what
Clemens would say is your exposure to the
classics.

1 do not mean to be so harsh on those who
are trying to learn tltc way to full understan-
ding. The peace foutrd within your owrt
mind. For when this peace is achieved by all
men, there shall cxist harmony for all.
However. history has shown that the ex-
clrartgc of power or redistribution of it pro-
vides nothing but new leaders. Fact un-
disputed! The answer to our (humanity's)
problem is not to look for demonstrations
nor the right tinrc for coups. My answer does
rtot rely on the masses but rather on the in—
dividual. Live your life in accordance to your
own better judgment. Do what you feel it
correct. not only on Demonstration Day, but
everyday! Yes. civil disobedience. the
philosophy of Henry David Thoreau
(moosc...lrrdian). Thoreau wrote. “On Civil
Disobedience." just mentioned for those
students who give unctttous praise to the
philosophy yet are unaware of H.l).
Thoreau. Practice this everyday and yott shall
remain a student forcvcr. ily the way. at the
recent unti-nukc rally in Washington they
gave a six-hour crash course on the subject of
civil disobedience. Simplicity. simplicity.
simplicity. As for tltosc who feel this is what
they have been doing. ncxt protest don't br-
ing it Ncstlc (.‘runch liar. do it now before it's
vogue.

l sincerely hope everyone can achieve their
own inner peace. i’crltttps then our chiltlrcn
won't lime to struggle so diligently for their
peace and thc pcttcc of their titrrc. it is also
my wish that every student may enjoy
jll\’t:llill. Ilurkhtrrtit. and all their Flemish
painters forcvcr. cvcn with responsibility to
stop them. Yes. this is utopittn thought.
iiowcvcr. l have read Bcllamy and rrtorc so i
too have been touched by such thouglrLTlIl-‘i
is how i lune tried (and try again) to live my
life, even in the midst of l5.0l)(l students.
Walden it. but two miles from Concord. a
thriving New linglnnd town in those days.
llcsitlcs 'l'iror‘can spent his inner days only a
few yards from the rail station. Just n final

students who wear
buttons: who is

 

 

question for those
“Question Authority"

Wini‘m‘ (Ml‘lmg? 'l'ltomtts (itrllnuhcr

 

il'here‘s a lot i want
inane . . ii'ltirtlt t‘tt
 vote ring iinB‘ti‘k'

 

i ,.
. .

   

 

 

 

 

 
         

  
  

 

Gary And" Frank,

The first and main round of SA elections concluded last Wednes-
day. and as expected, there will be a run-off for both the presidential
and the vice-presidential spots. . {i
A run-off is a difficult thing. Difficult for the candidates, who must '

go through additional grueling hours, and difficult for voters, who

have to rethink the situations. The choice is now narrowed down to

Gary Schatsky and Sue Gold for the presidency. and Frank Baitman

and Brian Levy for the vice spot. And all are qualified individuals.

The ASP endorsement committee had, in fact. narrowed 'their ;
choice down to these four candidates, and in deciding between them. a.

difficult value judgment had to be made. As stated earlier. all have

wide experience, proven results. and dedication. The choice was. and

still is, a difficult one.

However, the ASP still believes that the judgments we arrived to

were valid ones, and present Gary Schatsky and Frank Baitman as th:-

better candidates. They appear more dynamic, responsive, an .

responsible, and we feel they have the strongest ability to restore ant'

lead the Association. They can take SA a few steps beyond the limits

that the others might encounter.

Pull Those Levers

What is essential right now toward the immediate reconstruction of
our student government is that everyone gets out and votes. Students
can vote today. Wednesday, and Thursday on their present quads.
making it all that much easier and less time consuming.

A measly 1900 pulled the levers during the main election; one of the
worst voter turn-outs in years. For the sake of SUNYA, our SA. and
the legitimacy of the elections, let us make certain that this number ,

soars!

 

 

 

W .n
E\

.m i  »

LéAl 1
Rich I. Bah-r. Editor-ttr-Clncl

Rob E. Gmhmln, Managing [Editor

Eotabﬂ-hed in l 916

. Lnurn Fion’ntmo. Sylvia Saunder-

Newo Editor. . . . ‘
Aaaocllle Newa Editor. . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . Snatm Mrlligan. Beth boxer
ASPecll Edlton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Stuart Matrunga. Hob O'Briar

Alloclale ASPectl Editors . .
Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . , . , . . . . . . . . . . ,

Alaoclntc Sport- Edltor. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Editorial Pager: Editor . . .
CopyEdltor.  . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
Stuffwrltcra: l’trt Branlt'y. iictir Ctnnurirrnta. Kerr Cantor. Andth Carroll. Hnrold Diamond
.ltttlio liiscrrlretg. Mark lrlSillll’lll. Bruce Fox. Mnurccn (iconic. Joy (iisscrr. lid Goodman. Whitney
Gould. litit‘ (irttlrct. Mart lltrnpcl, Michele lsrrrel. Lorry Kuhn. l\tnv Kronor, Douglas Kuhn. chhir
Kupi, Rich Ktnslow, Ktlllty l’crilli. .lell Sclrtrdoli. Mnrlnn Wurscnlcltl. Miltc Williamson Zodlac 8r
Preview Edllon: Ctlftll Vi)ll(. Jamie Klein '

. . . . . Rob lLtlclsteln. lion Levy
. . . . , . . Patti St‘lrwart.

. . . . Bob Bellalltrrc
. Steven liolml
. . . . Aron Smith

Bubble Kopf. littstttt'ss Motrttycr

.... .,.. ....Slcvc GitlllSiClil
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ,, ............LlsaApplnbmtm
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Bennie Brown. Miriam Rasplct

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Fran Glucrltert

Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bllllng Accountant .
Anal-lam Accountants . . .

Composition Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Salem Riclr Svhgson. Stcvc Uortlcr Clalalﬂed Manager: ltohlrin lliotzlt Compolltlon: Mllte
McDonald, Marilyn Mosltowrlr Advertising Production: Munoger: Sue Housman Advertis-
lnﬂ Producllon: litlitlr Bt-tclson. Morn: Anne Colnvito. .lont-t l.)rciinsr.. ’l'arrurty (it-lgcr. .lov
(initiate-hr, l’crrnv (irt't'nstcnt. lltttlr Mnrsdcn. Mtlu: McDonald. .lov Pll'iL‘l. Sieve Robins Olﬂce‘

Stu": linrttrlt' Sit-wry.

Vincent Alello. Ellonn Beck l'rtvtlttt llttlt ll'itttrtnp'rs
Lian [lorryylornth Joy Friedman Assttrrtttw i‘rttrltttttorr liltrrrtnp'rs

Vertical Content How licrrtnnnr
lititu xi ltrt‘l

'lypit-‘t lintntnrdlntalrc . ;

l\l«ill\‘

l. t'tll.rr|\' ltrrtnrn. Ir.ulrtrlltr

 

   

 

 

 

     

      
        

 

 

 

‘ Punter-up: .ittt‘ lit‘itmnmv. Mort- liilllillill. Tvpirtrto:
.‘u ltlt‘illlll'l Kit-lit l)l’irllll 1 vi lit irlrt ‘Mlillli'i. intuit “.Wltttr- Plryoiruudery: |\’ Hill
ltln. ‘.t‘ii . in. llt'l  1.. m. . r litrltrrr '.,,rrrr~tt n. for, .‘li. l‘ lt Chauffeurs: l'? ' 7.. l
. i. -
t.‘
ll :‘itu‘tttilrultlrit. ‘vtrtrirht't. or it. it .:i.r tn ill’l"t‘l\ti" ’ ~ g '
V] t *. r .. . V.
. ll'lmtom‘ttpltcrn: l‘ m w l-llilt  lnrz' i. it (l..r.r rtt. i . ltl. ‘ A; ‘
l'rrrulr Mini llrlwl bin lllrl- tvr‘ t ‘ it t rt.“ ». t » Mn.  .1
 ‘ttt'rrilttttn "no i n,.r\. in i ll' 'l‘t'tl‘. llllllli F1: 
l l-it" ."\li‘tttlt‘ Hunt: til it  t‘lu‘t" lrr. -.t.r: mnvn; t c -../ .r: w ill' a
 '\llt.tttt .‘r‘trrrrurrt ."u .. ~. ill r1 rrr'rrtit't. .. .l tilllll'ltllltt’ l.l..'. m. .nu- drum: 
l m- rI.. t.t w, n. t my r. . mm flirts. r\ r.
 .yllwnr ‘vtt...t .. i‘ lit l .‘V‘ "
'r
L...

 

 

 

 

 

 

