 

 

MIWQWMIWWa
I . .l x ‘

‘4._.,._._._...._._..‘_~

 

raven-us-ua1

 

Page 6 I .

‘iH-t'p!“ 2‘

.w-rvasov.y-uru~..-~...-u-n.o...«:.-....a....n~a~.r.n-~.-pv.

Aspects on Tuesday

   

,._._.._——-._.._ .

 

April 22. 1980

 

 

I Bit

which Beckett seems to equate with human
life. Four shabby characters await the undefin-
ed end In a small space: the place resembles
an apartment In that it has two windows and a
kitchen off-stage. One of the windows looks
out onto Earth. the other onto Sea. In order to
even see out. the one mobile character. Clov.
has to stand on a ladder. The least little thing.
unsatisfying as it may be. requires an effort.
The place has the look of a cave: the set.
designed by Robert a Donneliy. is a great
wrap around backdrop that literally envelops

amuel Beckett's Endgame is. like most
of his work. very hard to take. That is
not. however. a comment 0.. its
wonh. nor on SUNYA‘s production of the
play. which is excellent. Director Peter Ben-
nett's interpretation of the piece is very true to

Larry Kinsman

The play is about the pI-tlless circle of mo-
tion, the confinement of repeated patterns.

 

 
  
   

 

Samuel Beckett's Endgame, performed last week at the PAC. is I
demonstration of presdeath depression.

Heav Baqqaqe

Tourist

puctatirrns.

Sir perhaps llit' first words of praise to be
Thursday night. .1 li. Scott's St'l'llit’tl said about the Tourists. are that they are pro-
fessionals Not only were they unaffected by

the skeleton audience. httt more importantly.

Cliff Sloan
they group of skeptical.

hauntingly empty Spaiscly populated taltlru. uninspired lrueivsippcrs into an enthusiastic
mass of dancing. cheering rockers.

"We're not gonna play anymore songs until
you dance (T'nroiil." announced tinI lt‘ritl
singer. Not everyone leapt tn ltt’i‘ cotnrttaird. it
took it lllllt' time. Yul slowly littt sincly. thi-

 

 

nly lllL‘ dii'lrartls were Ilit'lt' In fact.
when the Tourist~ came to town on

ttatrsfiii mud a

 

filled art area. which for every other tip and
coming British dance band. had been cleared
for a dance floor Patrons louiigcd lazily on
batstools as opposed to lllt' atypical rush for
the stage Bouncers were at ease. and llll'll

 

The Tourists blci'ided together well. complementing each other with
timely rhythmic changes and accentuatt‘ort.

 

 

eyes didn't dart from sidi- to side iti search of Tourists tlin’tstI. driving repertoire won llit'iil
under-thc-tr‘rbkI No over. By llll' liliil' "I Only Wanna lit- Willi
“psyched” and thc t’illlit‘ aura of electricity You." a 1904 classic by Dusty Springfield was
created by the anticipation of a rock show was halted ntrt. the TUiii’lSlS had converted all ttotr
missing. Knowing llillt' about the Tourists. asl believers. This is not to say that lllt‘ Tourists
did. and havtttg seen even less. llit' air relied on nostalgic favorites to spice up their
mosphere at J B's did little to boost ttiy cx» act. ()n the contrary. tunes like “Blind Among

Easter-I Thinking

So the Work is building up. and time

is running short

No coffee left in the cup. tryitrg to learn
what l've been taught

Tire minutes seem like hours, the books

an eternity long

The answers keep on coming. though the
questions seem all wrong

How many times have i said. that l

Just can't go on

Returning back to the books. another minute
has now gone

i will because l can, and l can because

l must

My dreams shall not be broken. and swept
as If they're dust

The lamp is getting hotter.
Kbegln to weak

tolwts. one svcttrcd

give

 

my eyes

 

 

 

 

 

My mind begins to wander. for the solutions
that 1 seek
How easy it is to stop. to quit. and not

i quickly turn away irotti that path. for
failure is its core

Arid realizing my direction. 1 approach
the obstacles near

And slowly overturn each one. how lunch
time —— i don't care

50 now. my brief respite is over. and
once again l'm back

With a second wind. a tired sigh. l
seek the knowledge I lack

Though 1 know that i shall return
upon that path untrue

1'” have to watch. and keep my sights,
‘ it's the only thing i can do.

 

the stage and the actors. Within this enclosed
place, the characters pass their time. mostly by
tormenting each other.

Hamm. the dominant figure. the one most
acutely aware of his own futility and the one
most angered by it. is played superbly by Jarka
Burian. He shouts orders at Clov. There is
some indication that Clov may be Hamm's
son. but the literal truth does not matter. since
the nature of the relationship is clear. Clov
takes care of this abusive invalid out of some
unlabelled sense of obligation. He states
repeatedly that he does not know why he
obeys. it is also indicated that devastation lies
outside and that Clov has. in fact. no place to
go if he leaves his master Hattim and Clrrv
cannot escape each other l‘iiiiliiii raves im-
potently from his Chair situated rather like a
throne v screaming about the little discont-
fotts of his miserable existence lli- complains
also about the larger orrcs' "We‘re on liatth ~
there's no cure for thatl" Burton is at (HILL‘
tyrannical and whining Joe (harm. as Clint.
In a [)t‘th’t‘l match for Burian's l lrtilliti. With an
rirrplat'alrly hang dog r-xptt'ssiotr. he
demonstrates the indirect tyranny of the st't‘
yard. What Beckett shows its is a HVittlilltllt'
liliittii. and llit‘ implication is that such wla-
trims are the norm among Si‘ll-t onscioris
creatures

in one Very funny scene. (‘lov declares that
he has a flea. he scratches hniist'li frantically.
llaiittrt instructs ltittt to kill it instantly l futnaii
life might be regenerated. even front this iri-
scct. And Beckett's litllc joke is not simply that
the trouble maker is art insect. btti a piil'iiSllt‘ as
well. If the flea survives. Hamtii says: “We're

bitched!"
lit the same space. in a double trunk. live
l’lamm's parents: Nagg and Neil. The terrible

' Gametime Is Over

implication oi their even worse confinement is
that. as one grows older. things only get
worse. Much is made of the old couple‘s.
physical lniirmities. The two have an amusing
exchange during which Nagg — played by
Jeffrey Judd — tries to rekindle a little
romance between hirnseli and his ancient \vllc
—— played by Katheleen Frazier. They try it.
kiss. but' miss each other's lips every liiiic'
Both performers show bewildered CXl‘niLtsltIrit
nicely. Nagg is still content to deny that life Is a
defeat — or to agree. it doesn't much iiirtlii't
to him. But Nell sighs lorrgirrgly whenever llit'
past is rttcntioned. She knows that hm littril
ride on Lake Como is lost forever I and that
such a moment may not have been \Uitllt lltt
trouble oi what went below and what can.
after. Besides. that boat ilth‘ was not llt'lll r-
anyway. Nrrgg arid Nell capsized and t-r.r‘.r '-
Katlrvlecn

up iii the water. l-‘razir't‘. . .-
spatklc froitt her grey face and llit' ll'rtlltr‘l
liL‘i ancient headdress quiver. at r.

rr-tttcnibers the rttoitictitaty delights rr! “r
past

'I'lti' second half of llit‘ play ts l'tllliltii: .
HIDL‘liitVL‘ r l’lilliilii rails at the air. tlt‘itirtirrlt
that he be told when the and Will tiitlii'
resisting the idea all the Wllllt! Wait liltirt 
almost gcts the feeling that livi'kt'tt Ill-tiar-
jiiltr' on liis audience by this ])tttit.ti lt'tl am Vt.
wiry should we sit through [his lrtlilit airs! t. r
IiiL'iil when we have so ninth else to rival  .rr.
outside the theater? Whatever the plat. ha» in
say has been said during the first hall

Beckett makes its gtraslt out lt‘t'lll. litii 
must acknowledge his genius. He relentlch
puts before us the big question: “Why all this
His work is profound: we harie lost iitit (ind
For myself. liticher. l can only say that. as
his work is harsh. | wish it were also lit’ittifillll

 

The Tourists were at their best despite an unjustifiably small crowd.

 

the Flowers" and “So Good To fie liack
lltillli‘ Again" were equally catchy and tin
prt'ssivr' What made the Toritists so enjoyable
was a slick combination of lie-hop. a lo l3 52's.

—Erlc Ira Nussbaum

any more

 

and crisp. harmonic timing. The Ttititisis an it
well coordinated band who makc llit' mini of
their somewhat limited musical rtltllllii“r After
all. instrumental prowess isn't an essential iti
gradient in the success formula of a rock it litll
band. Mr. Reed. Mr. Springsteen. and Ms
Smith cart attest to this.

The Tourists came with their usual Itiggaiii'
Anti l.enox on lead vocals and keyboard-i.
Pete (Tootnbes and Dave Stewart on t'lt't tni
axes. fiddle Chiti on bass. and Jim "llo ll”
Toomey on percussion. Rather than t‘tt'ntttttl a
competitive manage oi blaring instruments III
pursuit of individual recogtrltir'rn. tlru Tourists
blended together well. complentt-nting with
other with timely rhythmic changes and at r r'ti
tttatinn. The show (lid have its pova t‘litllll
moments. but the 'l‘our‘ists never really -‘l’
pi‘oached being noisy.

it's sort of ironic. maybeI I should call it -..td.
that a band as totally tasteless as 99‘} can iW'lt
out J.B. Scott's while the catchy. litli‘lih'fl
Tourists went virtually unnoticed. So who
Should I blame? it can't really be lliI‘ itlrtill"
tinti because regardless of the artist. .l.li  and
the respective record company will push llt lu'l
sales to the best of their ability. And that only
leaves you. the audience. 1 don't know why
you weren't there. but the Tourists art' llt‘il‘
stay. Don't make the same mistake twir't' f

dad

I I .. A.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

April 22. 1980

Winter’s Night

hen likes and dislikes about band sizes

are discussed. three-piece bands are

often iourid to be at the bottom of
most everyone's list. Fortunately this past
weekend Johnny Winter and his band proved
there are EXCEptloiis to every notion. as
anyone who attended the sardine-can concert
Saturda nl ht at J.B. Scott's cati attest.

Mitchell A. Greebei
with Scott Cohen

Having seen this satire band the last time
they were around the Albany area. sortie ex-
pectations were already developed before the
band appeared. Though they were good last
time around. they were not a tight unit at all.
But when Johnny arid his batid opened the
'iow with a straight-out instrumental. it was
quite apparent that areas which fell short last
time around were picked up. The opener
strongly exhibited the indtvtdual talent in the
band- Bass guitarist Joliti Patis' distinct and
strong rhythm line provided a more than attr-
pic playoff for Winter's solos as well as the
band's jams. Bobby Terullo. whose very Litr-
professional antics and attitude was a major
t‘ottiplaint last time around. is still as unprofes-
sional as before. Yet now his hard driving
(double bass) drumming is an asset where in
past periorttiarices it was virtually undetectable
behind his stage presence.

Though Johnny Winter dates back easily
over a decade. lils repertoire is well beyotid
the R St E. rock-tiaull era. He is most strongly
associated with “Tire Crawl". a new wavish
tune arid the second song of the night. Yet the
different style did nothing to detract irotti
Winter's smoothness. Although it is on the
new album. justice to the tune could be done
only when it was heard loud arid live. as it was
this past Saturday trlglit.

Wirith and Co. proceeded through the rest
of the set with continued diversity. obviously
showcasing Johnny's guitar work. This was
apparent not only by the sheer fact that he did
deserve the majority of thc. credit. but also by
the fact. that after every song. bassist Paris
joined irr'with applause. howling arid pointing
his finger iii approval toward his guitarist.

Front out of the closet came “Boriey
Maroney." an old rock-Ii-roller'. The revela-
tion offered here is that even with a three-
piece hard driving band. good rock»n-roll
could still sound like good rock-ri-roll. Along
with this rock-n—rollcr came another with sortie
special interest to all Winter dle‘hards. On his
latest album. Johnny r'c-recuids an oldie irotti
before his Columbia days. “Rolliti' &
Turnblin'.H originally irotti Progressive Blues
Project. was not only hot. it was consistently
strong wltli sortie interesting interplay between
Paris and Winter. who mixed his leads with

 

some slide,
Though rock-n-roll was probably the most
highly requested style of music at the concert.

each out. reach out and touch

somebody." Ma Bell has iii mind.

when she floods the airwaves with that
ditty and its catchy melody. that we Lise our
phones more often. But it seems to me that
the phrase also catches the spirit of what l'lAl’
is all about because the purpose of the various
activities is to gut pt'oplt' to reach out. coni—
tnunfcate with arid lcnrrt about each other.
One might say the l l/\l’ activities are designed
to break doivrr barriers. aitd they will be suc-
cessful oiin to the extent that we participate irt
them.

R. Lanni

lti addition to tho scheduled programs.
there are other simple things faculty can do.
on a year round basis. to break dowrt these
barriers. An internationally ktiown pt'ofessoi nf
plrysi rt Penn State trrakcs it a point to teach
at least tiiil’ unilvrgradnatu course (each
semester. He also provides brown bag lunches
in his office for three students at a time with
the provtso tiiat they cart talk about anything
butt physics

______.A

 

 

 

as». r

 

Aspects on Tuesday

 
   

Winter doesn't ever forget his real roots. He
pleased the crowd with two exceptional tunes
from his first album. Columbia's .Ioltnny
Wiiitcr..Botli “If Yuri Can't Help. l'm (ionna
Do It Myself" and “When You Got a Good
Friend." were done with the typical Winter
blues style. With slide tit hand. Winter showed
why he still must be reckoned with as one oi
the premier slide guitar players of all time. His
work on “eren You Got A (ititnl Friend"

Winter gave new life to the words “go,
Johnny. no."

 

l HAP: Professorial Professions

Has A Teacher 'I'o

There is another professor on the West
Coast who is making a name for himself. He
has been featurcd on TV's "Real People" for
hugging his students and having them irug
each other. Maybe we need sortie hug
therapy. Hugging makes you live longer. it

p

The Johnny Winter Band (Jon Peril. Winter. and Bobby 'I'orello) brought their masterful
musician-hip to J.B.'s and provided a night of rocIr-n-roll surprise. for their tune. '

provided some of the best music of the night in
terms of emotional impact. and though he's
iiL’Vt‘l‘ had to rely on his vocals. his rendition of
this song was exceptional.

To close out a concert that at first only ap-
peared to be about an hour long. the band
broke into maybe the most classic rock-n-roll
song of all time. “Johnny B. ('roode." And as
if the words. “go Johnny go" itiiglit have just
appeared to be beckoning Winter to come on
strong. he did so anyway. Parts and Terello
were as tight as a bassist and drunirtrei could
be. providing a more than accurate rhythm
line for Winter's lt'ads. l'litr seemingly effortless
solos made you almost believe that guitar
playing to Winter was possibly no more dilr

‘ficull than “ringing a bell."

As soon as the hatid left the stage. the
crowd was oti the tables liootrn' & howlin' for
a much wanlcd encore. With a rather short
break. the band came ortt arid played their
new ltit. off their recent album. New Yorlr.
New York. Starting off slowly. it reached a
climax at its Conclusion as the batrd ini-
mediater wished everyone good night and
again lt‘fl the stage. To say we had had
enough would have been a lie. and the crowd
wunl berserk “wanting for the band's return.
Afttzr a little longer break than before. the batid
once again took the stage to begin a four song
encore. Without wasting a second. the band
broke itito the definite highlight of the show.
The Beatles'. “Daytripper.” All that can be
said is that the Fair Four would have been pro-
ttd. From this. they moved into a Winter

classic. "Stranger." which was unfortunately

There is a tradition in some classes of
Celebrating occasions such as birthdays. or iii
ductions into honor societies. etc. with
Frelhofer's chocolate clilp cookies. Al today's
prices this can get expensive if you have a
atge class or a particularly bright one. Ari

Reaching out need not be complex. It can be as

simple as making the effort to

learn a person's name.

Aren’t we people first and then students.
staff, administrators andfaculty?

relieves stress. lowers blood pressure. body
temperature and pulse rate. it is said that
twelve hugs a day will guarantee perfect men
tal health for both hugger and huggee. Have
you hugged anyone today? Lately?

As these examples show. reaching out need
not be complex. It can be as simple as making
the effort to learn a person's name. Lannl's
First Law: "'l‘eaclring will automatically im-
prove ii teachers attempt to learn their
students‘ names." There may or may not be a
scientific liilhi‘i for the law but a gut feeling tells
me students will work harder and learn more
for a teacher who shows interest in them.

alternative might be a standing invitation to
drop around for coffee. hot chocolate or tea
whenever they want to chat.

i am somewhat disturbed that we have to
designate a week as Human Awareness Week
and have a program called HAP. After all.
aren't we people first and then students. staff.
administrators and faculty? How then. did we
get ittto this position?

Part of the answer lies. i think. iii the size of
the carrrpus. The absence of person to person
relationships and the state of loneliness are.
paradoxically. proportional to the number of
people per iitiit area. Contrast the big city with

.,.~

short. but nevertheless sweet. Winter's guitar
work on this number was again in great form
as he broke out into several strong leads.
Finally came the song we were waiting for. or
rather praying for. On their recent album.
Winter docs justice to Dylan's “Like a Rolling
Stone." and iii concert tlielr rendition only got
better. As 'Winter played this song. the room
just exploded with excitement. At one point
during the number. Winter reached for his
slide. at which time Paris. with bass and an ex-
lia gittlar strapped over his arm. played leads
to help t‘ortrpunsate for Winter's absence.
After this truttilrcr. they closed the show with a
very last titovirig diddly. which was along the
lines of a lrnc-down. thli Winter‘s finger pick-
ing style (which is unusual) J.B. Scott's just got
louder and more rowdy as people were vir-
tutilly climbing the walls in excitement until the
very last note was played.

As we left the concert we were most
definitely filled with a good feeling about the
show. Winter has apparently straightened his
druggedoul existence just a little bit. or at least
here itr Albany. The band as a whole is much
tighter than they have ever been in their close
to two-year existence. Those people who at-
tended. cartie to see a great show by a living
guitar giant and they weren't iii the least bit
rltsr‘rppointed, Johnny Winter's three—piece
band is no doubt trot only an exception to the
getterer rule of three-piece batids. but excep-
tional on arty scale. They provided a more
than accurate tour through rock-n-toll and
blues. or better yet. through Johnny Winter's
musical life.

First in (I three-part series" 1

the small town. There are people air this cam—
pus. myself included. who date back to the
days of the “'l‘eacher's College" when we not
only knew most of the faculty and staff but also
a sizeable fraction of the 2000 students.
Another part of the answer may lie in the
very process of labelling ourselves as students.
staff. administrators and faculty. The labels put
emphasis on our different functions rather
than air our commonality as people; people
living and working together in what ought to
be a community. a family. This labelling con-
tributes to the erection of barriers. Faculty
must keep their proper distance from students.
if was told iii a teaching methods course to
heed the warning that “Familiarity Breeds
Contempt"). Students see the faculty as aloof
and unapproacliable. Both students and facul—
ty look on adriitnlstrators as adversaries. And
all three of these groups think hardly at all of
the staff until we need a service.
l'lAl' is an attempt to help make a start in
changing these attitudes so that oitr stay here.
whether it be four or forty years. will
pleasantcr. it is an opportunity to take the lit—
itiative and begin to reach out

 

 

 

  
  
  

7
G

 

 

 

