Columns"

Here Today; Here Tomorrow _

by Mitchell later

As the cool winds from the north come
down to imperceptively freeze us into our
mold for the year. the movements become
less violent. the actions less frenzied. the pur-
poses become dulled. y

Like boiling water. the sizzling ﬁrst two
weeks here had everyone busying themselves
with fountains and softballs and running to
drop and running to add and buying books
and trying to keep from dehydrating and
perhaps even going to classes, all apparently
fed up by the constant. beating sun.

The weather broke this week and suddenly
the population in front of the Campus Center
was eliminated. The informalin of picky

games was replaced with amia ﬂags (stare out
across the ﬁelds at the setting orange glow
that lights the action hurrying to ﬁnish before
night). People are secure in the knowledge of
what has to be done in classes and what really
doesn't have to be done. what classes could
be cut. what papers could he procrastinated
over.

Take moment now and look about you.
What is there today will be there in March
and even in May. which is the next time peo-
ple might get heated up enough to cause ac-
tions. just in time for school to end. Until
then the winds will otily get colder and more
solidifying which means our moids and
shackles can only become stronger.

 

Registration:What a Pain in the. . .

 

“Seniors shall draw class cards first; then
juniors. followed by sophomores and lastly.
the lowly freshmen."

— Aristotle

Thus began one of the most incredible
complex processes outside of open heart

surgery — registration. Ah yes. registration.
The word rolls off the tongue like a piece of
fetid cheese. it brings to mind pictures of
depression‘cra type dole lines. middle aged
women ﬂailing students with “Sorry. it's
closed" and that last minute prayer to the
Lord for that “fifth gut".

The worst part. of course is the
psychological expense involved with the
ulcerous U-lounge labyrinth. While probably
a great way to get independent study credit
for jogging, it's a pain to criss-cross the
university searching for a needed signature
here, a closed section card there, or a receipt
over yonder.

But why? Why is this mind-fucking pro-
cedure in existence? With all the highly train-
ed and paid management, public administra-
tion. organizational. and systems analysis
skill on this campus. why can't registration
be simpliﬁed? Yes. yes. l know, “we‘re
working on streamlining the system night and
day"...but it's still terrible.

If we can send men to the moon. dock
space ships together thousands of miles
away, clone cellular structures. and elect Nix-
on twice. surely a relatively simpler method
of registration can be devised. Well, what
should be done?

How about forcing administrators to draw
cards for ofﬁces. staff, and furniture. [I
could probably be done based on the number

of completed memos handled —- with In-
complete memos not counting for registra-
tion purposes. With all this high powered
talent competing for the roomiest offices
with the nicest views. the newest desks, and
the cutest secretaries (I know. l know, that
would be sexist) something positive might
result.

Of course. there rnighl be problctns with
"stops" due to having neglected the United
Way contribution; the hassles of getting a
closed-office card for a popular building:
possible corruption as administrators draw
cards for friends lower down in the hierar-
chy. etc. llU’l'. it would certainly lead to an
eventual (perhaps instant?) simplification of
the system as more and tuorc brainpower is
put into solving this unsavory situation.
Then. we could apply such knowledge to the
Colonial Quad jungle.

 

 

 

viewpoint

Hey Hugh

Dear Governor Carey:

I am a student at SUNY Plattshurgh, and
am sure that you’ve heard the quote “A mind
is a terrible thing to waste" and quite agree to
do so would indeed be an atrocity.

I strongly feel that you are wasting hun-
dreds of minds through your proposed
budgetary cuts. especially those in higher
education. Who will have the knowledge to
carry on where you and other great leaders
leave off? if your cuts do see implementa—
tion. a number so insignificant as to be able
to count them on one's own hands will result
over the next few years. This will mean a vir-
tttal halt of our economy. advancements in
technology. increase in the standard of living,
and the learning process of our generation
and tltosc that follow.

I for one would not relish the thought that
future generations will remember me as the
one who brottght the State of New York and
higher education in that state to its knees!
You alone have the power to change this
course ofevents and the ability to sway those
of similar attitudes who are calling for its
demise.

I urge you to act BEFORE it’s too late!
Don't let the mistakes of the past continue
. . . join us in our efforts to save SUNY and
all that is dear to us. . . a quality education
education and the way of life that education
makes possible for ALL.

— Jean Martin

Student

Plattsburgh State University
of New York

Save Our Education

To the Editor:

Our education is in great danger. Governor
Carey has cut 475 faculty and staff positions
from SUNY. This is the fifth year in a row
that SUNY has faced drastic cttts at the
hands ofGovcrnor Carey. These cuts will
have a devastating effect on our already
deteriorating quality of education.

in addition to the 475 position cuts, 300
faculty and staff positions which had
previously been available at SUNY schools
will be given to the Stony Brook hospital
when it opens this year. In effect. Stony
Brook hospital is being funded with SUNY‘s
budget. Therefore SUNY is actually losing a
total of 775 faculty and staff positions. '

As a result of the previous cutbacks the
Governor has inflicted upon SUNY. we are
at the bare bones as far as faculty positions
are concerned. According to SUNY Central.
if these cuts are not restored, retrenchment:
(eliminations) of entire depart/"ems are in-
evitable.

— This would mean your department may
be eliminated and faculty fired.

-— Classes would become larger and less
courses would be offered.

 

-— There would be fewer academic ad.

visors, fewer financial aid counselors, and

fewer student services.

in I976, Carey forced SUNY to increase
tuition by $100 while forcing the retrench.
ment of hundreds of faculty positions,
SUNY has never recovered from those ems,

Last year. Carey again forced SUNY to
raise tuition. this time by $150 for lower divi.
sion students. We were told that the increase
was necessary to avoid cuts. Now wountﬁmv.
ed to accept both higher tuition and ntutu
cuts.

While the state is forcing SUNY to accept
cuts. decreasing the qttality of education,
state aid to private colleges has been git-ath-
increased. Bundy Aid (direct aid to prim...
schools) was increased this year in 333
million. These schools are not even ilL‘iti Alt»
countable for how tltc money is sticltl. $12
million would fund more than lotto itlt'llll)
positions at SUN Y.

We can stop these attackt mnnntt nut
faculty and education by organ/mu: tlIH/
fighting back. Join the S/lSU. SU, Sgt, um]
UUI’ efforts to save SUNY. With your \lt/I-
port and active participation, ll't' t'tI/i tn...
SUNY — STOP THE CUTS!

COME TO THE MASS G/ITI/Izl-IIVI

A! the Capital Jun. 29
call Student Union
for more information
7-3969

Improved Service

To the Editor:

Student Association has prOvidctl httc
night bus service on Friday and Saturday
nights in recent years. Last semester SA look-
ed for a more economical bus company than
we had previously contracted for; i‘ttltushcc
Transportation was selected to operatic this
service.

Due to their small size, Folmshec had a
great deal of trouble properly operating this
service. In order to better provide ttlc night
bus service on weekends. I have contracted
with CDTA to take over — starting this
weekertd CDTA buses will operate this sct<
vice o the same schedule as was Pl'L'Httttsii'
used and will run the same rottt - as our nun
Wellington buses do.

— Frank Bnittnnn
Cltttirpctsnn
Student Services Committee

Yay SUNYA Police!

To the Edltor:

Michele lsrael’s article on the non-
appcarance of late-night buses last Saturday
was a well-written but not complete account
of the situation which affected many students
including myself. i would like to fill in a ten
things that were omitted.

First of all. uptown students spending the
night downtown were not the only students

stranded. A substantial number of Alumni_

 

‘ ntwumr MW ME
Inc/mow! \

WELLER 16 500. the 6HAH
\ is W

FRIEMV ‘
OF 600

saw


OF 600‘

MOM

ME W 5‘".
66”? ME A new HMO.

l

 

 

Amara ts n6
ror

(1/
gAMOT Foe
ATTRIBUTIOU

 

 

.dtumﬂr. . “.5,

 

 

I

 

 

