 

 

 

 

 

.' .WORld Capisu lies
Sioviviets May Use Chem Warfare

WASHINGTON (AP) The Soviet army has brought decon-
taminating equipment into Afghanistan. raising the
possibility that the Russians may be prepared to use
chemical weapons against rebel trlbesmen. U.S. intelligence
sources said Thursday. American specialists have no way of
knowing what this means. The sources said. however. it
suggests that chemical warfare may be used against rebels
and to clean up affected areas so they can be occupied by
Soviet military forces or Afghan government troops. Some
U.S. military specialists say the Russians may have brought
the chemical decontaminating equipment into Afghanistan
because this equipment is normally assigned to many Soviet
army units.

Afghan Ousts U.S. Journalists

KABUL, AFGHANISTAN (AP) The Soviet-backeu
Afghan government has ordered all American journalists
out of the country. accusing them of biased reporting and
“interference in the country's internal affairs,“ a U.S. Ent-
bassy official told the journalists today. Authorities detain-
ed the Americans at Kabul's intercontinental Hotel. where
most were staying, and told them they would be expelled
Friday. About 50 or 60 of the approximately 200 Western
correspondents. photographers and broadcast crew
members now in Afghanistan are American. Most arrived
early this month after the Soviet Union poured tens of
thousands of its troops into this central Asian country.
where they helped overthrow one Marxist government and

 

 

 

FAROIJNd CAMpus

 

Author Shalom Aleicheni .

For tlte first tirttc irt nearly a decade. SUNYA students
will have the opportunity to read and discuss tlte classics of
Yiddish literature irt English translation iii a new 3<credit
cottrsc offered joirttly by the Departrtrents of (ict'niitii and
Judaic Studies. “(ircat Yiddish Authors irt linglislt
'l'ranslation" (German 246). The course iitclrrdes works by
Sholont Aleichern aborit Tevye anti his daughters. Isirac
Loch l’crct/‘s corttroversial tales about p ' c heroes (or
are they buffoorrs‘li. stories aborrt rabbis artd scholars.
woodsnten arid horse thieves. and evert a short novel nirr»
rated by a horse. '1 lie course meets on ’l‘lurrsrlays front 7:15
to l0:05 lll Lecture (‘entcr 5. linrollntcnt for tindcrgrndrurtc
or graduate credit is still opert.

 

Upcotnirrg politicians. here‘s your chance. SUNYA‘s
Political Science Asso 'irtiou is sponsoring tlte “1980 New
York State Strident Legislature", lobe held l-'cbrurrry J and
4 in the linrpirc State Plaza, Albany.

’llte Strident Legislature will deal with issues currently
before the New York State Legislature using actual bills as
it basis of discussion. The delegates will be giveit advanced
notice of the areas to be discussed by the Student
Legislature.

In addition, a reception will be held on the night of
February 3 for the delegates. New York State Legislature
members will have the.oppoitiinity to discuss questions of

interest among each other.

 

 

 

Course For Yiddish Fans

Student Legislature Here

 replace it with another and have been helping the Afghan

army put down an anti-communist rebellion in the coun-
tryside. The Afghan order came three days after Ayatollah
Ruhollah Khomeini’s regime in neighboring [fan ordered
all American journalists out of that country.

England Urges Pakistan Aid

LONDON(AP) Britain's Foreign Secretary predicted that
the Soviet Union will not advance beyond Afghanistan for
the time being but warned the Western allies to give top
priority to bolstering Pakistan’s defenses. “Anybody who
does not take the Soviet threat to the region seriously is 
tainly deceiving himself," said Lord Carrington after a vrstt
Wednesday to a refugee camp in northwest Pakistan 40
miles from the Afghan border and 18 miles from Kabul, the
Afghan capital. “There will be a period of comparatch
calm." he continued. “But it will be unwise for the West
not to understand the urgent need for the defense of their
interests. including Pakistan's security."

U.S. Searches For Grain Outlets

WASHINGTON (AP) Tltc United States. selling Mexico
some of the millions of tons of grain cmbargocd for ship-
ment to the Soviet Union. wants to expand sales to other
courttrics. an administration ofﬁcial says. Dale E.
Hathaway, under secretary of agriculture. announced
Wednesday an agreement under which Mexico will buy just
over 1 million tons of the 17 million metric tons of corn arid
wheat embargoed to.the Soviets. He said the United States
was looking into the possibility of having other countries
buy more of the grain that ltad been destined for the Soviet
Union, but declined to name the countries or indicate how
much grain might be involved.

PLO Move In NY Threatened

NEW YORK (AP) The national chairntan of the Jewish
Defense League has pledged that “the streets will run red“
if the Palestine Liberation Organization moves into an East
Side townhouse it purchased last week. Shouting “Two.
four. six. eight. lsracl is a Jewish state, three ﬁve. seven.
nine. no such thing as Palestine," two dozen JDL
demonstrators protested on Park Avenue. one block frorri

 

Tennis, Racquet Option

if you can't get a raquctball or tennis court in our own
Phys. Ed. building. try the Colonic Tennis (‘lub to inakc~
tip those required class hours.

The new student rates are $6 for singles and $8 for
doubles. Monday tltru Thursday (except 5:30—10 pm.) and
Friday tlrrri Sunday. all times.

In addition:

Students have use of lockers. sauna, whirlpool and
swimming pool on day of reservation.

Raquctball courts are available at rrtcrrtbcr prices.

Students inrist have air Ll) card.

“Prime Time" rates are $14 for singles.

CC gets new look

For the first time since the building‘s initial occupancy irt
1966. tlte (‘autptts Center's nririit lounge has been partially
redecorated.

Campus Center Director Jim Docllfeld said the old I'rrr-
nitirrc was replaced “due to heavy near and tear ." He feels
the replacements “will ettltaiicc the appearance of the (‘anr
pits (‘entcr arid the main lounge.“

The $7.000 ii'eutsltaff furniture purchase was funded by
the University’s equipment money.

Library To Start Fining

lrr an effort to encourage stride ms to return library books
earlier the SUNYA University library will begin collictittg
ovcrdtrcs fines as of February I.

According to SUNYA acting l ibtirry Director John
Farley a book five days overdue will itot accrue any litre.
however. the charge will be tert cents for eicry day after the
due date.

He added that the current fine of one dollar a day will re-
Illitlll unchanged for books recalled by another user.

in tire post no fines were charged on orertlrrc books. ()rt-
ly recalled books were billed.

According to Parley tltis old policy allowed students to
ltold books indefinitely and their patrons corrld not rise
tlicitt.

“lly charging lines We hope to get the books back and
improve the availability of our collection".

The library has also ittiliatetl it new service whereby it list
of all overdue books will he sent to the borrower. V

“The prtrposc of this is' to remind bur't‘orvers of the books
they have out". said Library Director of (‘irculrrrion lolttr
Camp. ' -

Included on tile list is tltc day the book was taken ortt its
due date and the number of days overdue. ‘ I

  

lirmkslorc. Capital District Art and llook .’\l.rtl .1

MW
. Duelinch

 

the Georgian red-brick building at3115 E. 65th St. pom
refused to allow the protestors to demonstrate in front or
the building. The PLO bought the five-story townhouse [or
$1 million and plans to convert it into a combined um“
and residence. JDL chairman lrv Rubin said, "‘l‘lrercurcz
million Jews in this city and we will not allow the hm m
exist here. We will come Week after week and detrtortstrart-
at midnight if the PLO moves in here."

Quake Shakes Near Nuke

PALISAI)ES. NY. (AP) A mild earthquake centered at
short distairec from the ludian Poirtt nuclear power site or-
eurcd at 5:13 am. today. the Lamont ()ltscrvttltrtr.
reported. Dr. Alan Kafka. a seismologist at the Columbia
University research facility, said preliminary readings orihc
shock’s trace indicated it was approximately u 3 on the
Richter scale and probably was shallow in otigiri. “The
shock would be felt locally and probably picked up rm,
radius of something less than 50 miles." lie said. He said
the quake was not unusual for the area. Weslcltestcr Corrn~
ty just north of New York City. “We see about one a year
of this type," Kafka said. Consolidated Edison. which
operates one of the three reactors at lndiair Point. said
there was no damage or problems reported there. Its own
seismic monitoring system picked up two events a minute
apart at 5:13 am. and that data was being evaluated. said
Pat Richardi. speaking for the company.

Brown Wants Equal TV Time

WASHINGTON (AP) California Gov. Edmund (i. lirown
Jr.. apparently lagging in the battle for Democratic caucus
support iii lowa. is escalating his demand that NBC give
him arid President Carter equal television exposure just
before Monday's clash in the farm belt. The ll)\\‘i1 caucuses
scheduled by both parties are considered the first real test in
the 1980 presidential campaign. NBC announced last week
that the president would appear Sunday on “Meet the
Press." Network officials refused to invite llt‘owtt or Sen.
Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.) to join Carter. saying built
already had appeared on the program.

 

SUNYA Get's A Voice

SUNYA’s English and Journalism departments \\t'lt' ric-
claimed in the Village Voice last week in tire ‘rrtttc\ rcsrrltt
of many New York colleges and universities.

The survey. which was art effort to inform the cit)'t
college-bound of the state‘s “best bets." lislctl SUNYA
among the top 37 schools.

The information ranged from admission facts trtttl lintrtr-
cittl concerns to special features such as the ittlrrtttolts
SUNYA "shuttle bits" service connecting llrc uptown zurd
downtown campuses.

Certain SUNYA staff members were .rlso praised.
Political science professor Bernard .Iohrrpoll and Irrrsirrcss
professor .loltti Levato were rated as “tops” In. ‘llltlt'lllN
lt‘viug Bomrwitl. was named as being “cut-Ilnont turrrlr."
President Vincent ()‘l.etrry was described .l~ "well liked"
due to his accessibility.

Downtown Albany. referred to as “the student circuit."
wits noted by the Voice as “a desirable ll\ inc tll\lltll|lllt'|ll
because of the numerous bars present.

in addition. the ASP was acclaimed its “.t \\.tlrllllll c.\\‘
on campus activities "

 

 

    
 

.«.tr's‘\'\

if one is searching for an alrcrnrrtirt- ltI rlrr m“...
. .

 

.iu uth

   
   

  

l’ill Avenue may be the place; 30 percent rllwll'“I
rooks and price reductions oit all art suPP"L,,-

 

Januanynznao I '

 

 

 

 

o

Mohawk Campus Denicd‘EXemption

 

‘ . Judge Deniesﬁ‘Educational Status’

by Beth Sexer

Saratoga County Supreme Court
Judge William Ford ruled against
UAS last week'in a tax exemption

dispute dealing with SUNYA‘s
Mohawk Campus. The decision

denies the property tax exempt'

status as an educationally-related

non-profit institution.

Located 25 miles north of
Albany. the lOO-aere facility con-
tains a swimming pool. a pond for

 

Mohawk Cuittpus 25 miles north of Albany.
UAS claims Mohawk tax should be waived.

Sociology Department

Appoints Lin As Chairman

 

. Cited Interference With Research

by Peter Berelny

SUNYA‘s Sociology Departhtent
has appointed Professor Nari Lin as
Chair. effective through 1982. Lin
has been aetitig Chair since August.
when fortncr Chair Ronald A. Far-
rell resigned.

College of Social and Behavioral
Sciences Dean John Webb said.
“Chairman Lin was nominated by
the department by preferential vote.
The department was overwhelming-
ly irt favor of him because lie is a
well known sociologist and has rid—
ministrative’expciiettce."

Lin said he was reluctant to ac—
ccpt the position permanently since
lte “was getting tired of it but after
frirtlter discussion decided to accept
because it was a bad time for the

Sociology Department to start look- I

irrg for a new chairman." .

According to Lin. the Sociology
Department is the largest depart-
nieitt irt SUNYA. with over 22 pro-
fessors. “Undergraduate enroll-
rttertt is over 3,000," said Lin.
“Willi enrollment being the highest
it‘s ever been. this will mean cvcrt
more work for the chairman."

Lin said lie was needed because
the departinerirt Would ltavc cort-
frottted administrative difficulties.

Lin said the post will take time.
away front ltis research projects. He
claimed that he will be receiving
another secretary to ease the in-
creased burden his office will face.

Farrell. aeeordittg to Lin. had
resigned so he could spend more
tiiitc doing research.

“We all faced this problem." Lin

Said. "It took a while for me to

make the corrimitment to spend the
tinte this position requires. other-
wise it wouldn't be fair for me to
accept."

He also added, "The faculty’s
support was very helpful in my deci-

JANUARY 18. I980

sion."

Lin received a doctorate in
Sociology from Michigan State
University and lids a master's
degree irt Journalism. He taught at
John Hopkins for five years. Lin
was bortt iii China. raised in
Taiwan. anti crime to the United
States lll 1961.

Presently. Lin is doing research
iii the area of social influence
through nepotism within various
social classes. He is also studying
the effects of social factors irt health
and illnesses, such as stress as a
cause of illness. and how we might
use social support to brtffcr these
effects.

    

Sociology Department Chair Nan Lin

sailing and canoeing and a
longhouse in which seminars and
meetings are held.

UAS initiated the suit against the
Towns of Half Moon and Clifton
Park last spring, claiming that the
Mohawk Campus is used exclusive-
ly for educational purposes, and
that school and property taxes on
the land should therefore be waiv-
ed.

"Ford felt that the (Mohawk)
Campus was used basically for a
recreational facility —- therefore.
not educational,” said UAS at-
torney Guy Roemer. “My argu-
ment was that recreational is a part
of educational."

‘ “Education wouldn't be com-
plete without an outlet," said UAS
General Manager E. Norbert

 

Zahm. i ' ' *

According to Town of Clifto
Park attorney Joseph Martino.
UAS failed to establish “a trial that
they were organized exclusively for
a not-for-proﬁt purpose. ,

“A percentage of the aecountin
balance sheets showing the total in-
come from this year were from non-
university sources.” he said.

UAS. which has paid over $5000
in taxes to the two towns in the past
year. may soon launch an appeal to
the county court decision.
However. Zahm stressed that he
will “keep friendly relationships"
with the towns. I

“They’re also customers of
ours." he said. citing the Town of
Clifton Park’s annual summer ren-

contimted on page five

Arrest Warrant Issued F or

Man In Library Theft

 

Over 1,000 Volumes Missing

by Wendy Greenfield

SUNYA Police have issued a
warrant for the arrest of a suspect
in the tltcft of ntore tltatt 1.000
hooks frortt the University Library.
Aecordirtg to SUNYA Police of-
ficer .Ioltri Coleman. who is in-
vestigating the case. the books were
stolen over art undetermined period

Photo: Roamte Kulakuff

"The Department was over whclmingly in favor of him. "

 

Photo: Sum: Sleinkamp

Slippin ’and Slidin ’Soon At S U N YA

Sharpen your ice skates because the university is building an ice skating rink on
the east side of the Phys. Ed. building. According to SA member Frank Bellman,
the rink was filled with water earlier this year. but the temperature was too warm to
form lee. Twenty degree wenllier is needed to freeze the water. SUNYA Administra-
tion donated $1.000 for piihileity and eonstrrretlori of the rink.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

of tirtte.

University Library Assistant
Director Richard Tastor appeared
before an Albany County grand
jrrry Jatiuary 3. and testified that
the volumes were ttcver checked out
of the library. A sealed indictment
has been ordered. lte said.

Taslor said he became aware of
the their when SUNYA officials
received a‘telephone call from art
Albany landlord who complained
that one of his tenants bad
“skipped town” without paying the
rent. leaving a huge stack of books.

"We have no idea when or how
this occurred." lie said. “We hope
to Find out how the books were
stolen to prevent this kind of inci—
dent front happening again."

Taster said the books are current-
ly being held as evidence in the
custody of SUNYA Police and the
University Library. He said he does
not know when they will be return-
ed to the shelves.

The case was turtrcd over to
Albany County District Attorney
Sol Grecnberg's office for in-
vestigation about a month ago.
Greenberg refused to comment on
ltow much time elapsed before his
office began its investigation. “The
library wasn't too concerned about
the missing books tiirtil they called.
our office." be countered. “They
never made an inquiry all that tinte
when the books~ were off the
shelves.”

Tastor said lie could not estimate
the cost of the missing books. part
of the library's l million-volume
collection. The book thief was iii-
tercsted in economics and history.
said Tastor. who could not recall
any specific titles of the stolcrt
volrrrries.

 

lerag Assistant Director Taster

"We have no idea. . . Yuma"
.

PAGE THREE

 

 

