 
 
  
   

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.  ' / untitled In nits, ism
. . 'l‘tie Undergraduate Neither-er at New - o
 A. , . State college for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD , _ _
Lotus J. Woman......................Edttor in Chief
' 54 West Street, Telephone 4-544?_
“Aldus-r Hsnuinos. . . . . . . . . . . . .Adi/ertmng Manager
- 50.! Washington Ave., Telephone 1—5602
JAN! .FORMANEK..................Fltlmlct Manager
,C l Sigma Theta House. 102 Quail Street. Dial .6452“ .
Ammo D. Bascu....................Moimgmg Editor
Oil Madison Avenue, Dl'sl 6-2004-1 . _
Domnv Barnum........A.isociate Managing Editor
7 Ssrd Road, Dial 4-0095 _
MAIGARET J. Seam.....................F2ature Editor
224 Jay Street, Telephone 3-1780
SINIDI Assocurrs Eoi'roll: Clrolilie K trbii. ‘10- Genevieve
Winslow, Jewelﬁl '
'31. George I'. it: , 32. Junios ASSOCIAT'I Eyiross: (.atllerlne
Broderick, Mildred Hall Martha Nord, Juniors. RIPOI‘I'III:
Gladys Bates. Gertrude IinSCilbeﬁ, '30; Marparet Cusslcr,
Gillespy Virginia Pratesi, Lilly
under écllDOl‘, juniors; Frances Keller. Sarah _
Bruce. Evelyn Pltts. Samuel Dransliy, Bessie Levme
J. Floqdy. sophomores. AssisrAnr Aiivnrrisino MAMA . I
rey Flowers. '32. Business Snrr: Alice Walsh, ’30: sephin
Ho'wlond, 'Jt; lrion Weinberg, Frances Mazar, Betty Ray-
mond. Helen Rohel, sophomores.

 

t
Robert
‘ Au -

  
 

"a.

Board representing the Student Association. Subscriptions, $2.
er year. single copies, ten cents. Delivered anywhere in the

  

  
 
   
       
          
       
       

oleinson, Juniors. Des: eiross: Platte Miller. credit were given

n There seems to be no reason why students should not proportionately and all purchases are

also“, “entice San-luck, i“. obtain credit for such efforts. The women’s chorus re- "‘3 e
' R“ ceives College curriculum recognition. Students in the usﬁocimion by Ludlum in the hop

orchestra, after it had been fully organized, should that it may be of practical value to

likewise be accredited, for they would probably perform the Greek letter societies here.

work equal both in quality and quantity to that of the

Published every Friday in the collcllc Year by the Editorial chorus,

‘.z‘:~:‘ .

Cit-operative buying of household
articles is one of the advantages en-
joyed by fraternities and sororities of
other colleges. according to the re-
port of Russell W. Ludlum. ’31, dele-
gate to the National Student Federa-
tion of America convention. con-
ducted at Leland Stanford university.
Al these colleges, the various sor-
orities and fraternities meet at the
beginning of the college year and
tabulate a budget in which their en-
tire necds are listed. Subscriptions
to the general fund are contributh

E
m

from a common sum.
plan will be outlined to the student

to

Keeping fraternitics‘ inﬂuence out
of athletics is another of the out-
standing problems of the colleges of

It is regrettable that Dr. Candlyn is forced, for the today. Ludmm imrnmp one instance

1'5th 5Wcs Euler“ 5'5 Second CL“! “ml” 3‘ W’swm‘w' second time in three years, to sign the death warrant was (pulled in which one fraternity

Albany. N. Y.

The News doe. .
in contributions. No communications will be printed unless the
writers‘ names are left witi In: F. itoi'-i 'iic n
Anonymity will be preserved if so desired. The News does no
guarantee to print any or all communications.

 

PRINTED or hlii.i.s ART l’aizss, 394-396 "roadway—Dial 4.2287

Albany, N. Y. January 17, 193” Vol. XIV, No. 15

The establishment by the Associated Academic prin-
cipals of New York state of a scholarship at State cob
lcgc will be a welcome innovation here. A sum of at {a
least $100, which will be awarded to a man at the end dc

 
 

of the
, ‘ a - ._ 1

“WHY ""dom “WWW” cxlmﬁw weakened by the abandonment of not only the orchestra,
“W NEWS; httt also the men's chorus.

chorus.

as the only
l

 

 

music curricumm has been had ten men on the football team.

The problem in which Stale. col-
lcg'c students are particularly inter—

. Or'gnml “1mm” “who'll cstcd was the regulation of interclu s
which helps to lake students out of a narrow profcs- rivalry, l.udlum said. Most Culli
<ltIllill rat, is limitcd to the output of the women's try Inlmvrihc pirit of the ll'JlllllltlllS
The College cannot truly claim to be a liberal
arts institution as far as its music curriculum is con- I - .
.. . . . v ,. )t't'll prmmm-ut at State college durv
A HANDlLAPl’lnl) liACL‘lJY CCI‘IIL‘LL ' I , '

lhe .\Itws feels that offering College credit remains “plaimd
nothod of bringing the orchestra '
“f sm‘lc'ltafm “flrg‘mlmc mxc vcutimi admitted that hazing was al-
. . comm “9mm” lowed and practiced at their colleges.
partmcut has hinted at the posmblc presentatlon of The fwmmm of mm, comm“ were

 

G

and rivalry l" out. rather than
the actual physical combat \Vlllt‘ll has

 

ing the past several years, Liidluin

Sonic representatives at the con-

of the junior year in honor of Charles Francis \Vlico- credit if an orchestra could be cstilblishcd, htit studrnts mum, ,0 be quite dncnc and obedient

lock, noted educator and honorary president of the as-
so'ciatiou| will be a ﬁnancial aid to the student who is
eager to continue studies in education.

tire of nibbling at bait.
will be f I I

It seems incredible that a college With an. enrollment conduct is the mm “m (m,qu vim
of almost 1200 students Is unable to organize a sma

They want to he 5"“: that they to the rules which the sophomores

enforced. One check on freshman

alors do not receive bids to fratcr-

The method of choosing the wumcr of the sclialar- orchestra, while at both doors we find a high school “ﬂies and sommics. The desire of

ship scents unsound. The rcclpicnt of the money should

symphony orchestra and a grammar school hand. If [he [rcshnwn ,0 make a Greek Mm.
we assume that conditions are cqua Ill all three Insti- mticty Renew”), prevailed 0v“. weir

ViGreeks Buy, Supplies Cd-
AllowRivalry One Week. Lu‘dlum Says

     

operatively':

men weeks. During this week the
freshmen have a rush. If they sue-
cred in winning, they are freed from
domination of the sophomores. If
they lose, they are forced to obey the
rules of the second year class. Many
institutions have these traditions and
rules enforced under the direction of
a committee appointed by the execu-
tive council,. Ludlum declared.

Violators of traditions were soundly
oaildlccl and forced to wear humilia-
ting garments and placards in many
colleges. At St. Lawrence university,
an opponent of State college last year
on the debate platform, the offending
freshmen are taken into a dark room
and placed in a chair directly be-
neath a single electric light. They
are then subjected to a severe grill-
ing by the committee in charge of the
rules’ cnforccmcul.

One of the main difficulties of this
year’s convention was the fact that
the Conventimi was organized accord-
'r.g to topics to bc discussed. This

 

rt‘~'lllft'tl in (lob-gains attending groups
with which they llilll fcw prnbli'ius in
common. The convention this year
adopted a resolution calling for or‘
mutilation of next year's convention
:uzmriliug’ lo llll' . 10 ml flu: st'vt‘ral
cullcgcs .\t‘lltlllllt: (lL'lt’Qillt‘S. Nt'xl yt'ar
tln- muvvutiuu will lllt't'l in Albania,
Georgia.

 

 

 

no" pcrlmps’ he Chosen by the whole fawn)" Members tutinns, we cannot admit the impossibility of an orches-

of the staff, whose acquaintance with sludcnls is limited
to those persons studying in their department. are
handicapped in their kuowlcdgc of all the men in the
junior class. Instructors in one department usually do
not know vcry inlimalcly the students \\'llOSC interests
have carried them into another department. In many
instances, instructors. may l)t' influenced in their judg-
ant by the reports of otth staff members and the
sound of the names of candidates.

Members of lllt: faculty will be disposed to vole for
those-.studcuts whom they havu Inct. Since ' t
acquainted, tor the most part. only with student. in
then’ department, they will pl‘clcr to vote for a junior
whom they know rather than for an unknown quantity
whom another member of the faculty is trying to
describe in them.

'lhe suggestion that emotional stability tests may be
used lll the competition supplIcs an objective basis for
the mound. Examinations for eliminating the “high—
flyiug" teachers may determine the emotional status of
the ,individual, but there still remains the problem of
measuring the other qualifications which have been set
up as necessary in the coitipctitioii. To leave the Judg—
incnt With the whole faculty which is lumilicappcd, to

   

 

 

some CXll‘lll. by It “mailer IICIIllullllﬂllCB Will1 it” ill0 lltcll. I.‘\(lt)])llt)ll of the size of cominunic timis prescribcd by u , _
'yn ptnnuseil Io lake the Ilirei'imship pI'O-

vulcil llIal all [hush lllll'lL‘<lL'll rcporlcil

seems to be inadvisable.

It‘ might be :l bettrr scheme to place the selection of
the junior in the hands of those members of the faculty
who have had greatest contact with students both in
the classroom and outside. Such a plan would not pre-
vent ally member of the faculty from suggesting the
name of a student who may possess qualiﬁcations needed
for the scholarship, but who prefers to stay in his seat.
Tile plan employs the (‘tlllllllllt‘fl knuwlctlgv of the
faculty. reconsidered and thint-riul by those staff incin-
burs who are in the must ziilvantagt'utts positions for
making comparisons.

'l‘lllC GHOST LICAVlCH

'l‘iic Nlcws was pleased to zuiununcc last November
that the ghost had returned to College, but now if rc-
grets to make known that the ghost li li-ft. After the
orchestra had been iliscnulimli'd for two years, it was
reorganized last fall through lllt‘ peliliun (If a group of
students who were in no ofﬁcial capacity. l)r. t'nndliu
has withdrawn his 5t'r\'iCc_~I as conductor llt't‘illh‘t' the
number of studruts who have appeared for relic. ‘sal
has dwindled flown to ten.

It is Inn may to isolate the c.‘ . for the failure in
reorganizing the orchestra. Ilr. midlin has l‘l'llthllt‘lll)‘
declared his willingness to lead an orchestra which
showed promise of becoming morn than a group of
ukulele. strninmcrs, but it is impossible to form an or-
cheslrzi willI il few lll‘ll‘lllllt'lllm

Whrthi-r the present mus" council continued this your
the effort»; of their prrilt-crssnm to reestablish the or
clivsira is a question which is suggested. A; far :i<
m- can ileieriiiiiit', the ni'i‘bl'atrn was brought back in
its short life by students who had no t‘tillllt'l'llml with
lllt‘ council. ()f ruursc, llll' council might liavr Ilimlp,
llIIit ltiu many people \lllillltl nut lllt'lltlll' ill the t'lllt‘l'-
|)l'l*&t‘, but nothing should lllivn [Il't'Vl'lllI‘tl it» li-inllug a
helping hand wht'n it was llL‘l'llt'tl 112ml.

tbi- coinplaiuls of stndruls duriup, Iln- lltt‘Hulh
years indicate the i'i-asnn why material ranunt lu' lxl'ltl
for the formation of an nrrbi-sira, the wow Iii lulllllt'
is the withholding of regular ('ollrgi- rmlit from |l|I:~t'
engaged in symphonic work. It is unfair to il‘wllllii' tum
quickly that studculs are iiileri-slwl in concert |ll‘l‘ltlllll"
once only when a lt'tlllllv ix llt‘lll Hill to llll‘lll. 'l'bi-y :trr
undoubtedly burn-slid in music, Inn I:lll~.l(lc um k may
prevent lbvir giving Iip two or illl‘t't' lllllll'n a \Vt‘l'li In

 

 

 

 

ti'a here. . ,i
It 15 sometimes said that ghosts do .not return more
than once. Is this statement true, music counci , ,,

LOST M.-\ II.

notes from llII: mailbox scents almost unbelievable.
l.cllcrs requesting cl men to pay dues, and annouucc- “

 

desire to violate the rules and traili~

(ills.
Most colleges have rules requiring
Ic lresluneu to wcar distinctive or-

naments, such as traps, buttons, and
rcrlain colored clothing fur a slalcil

'l'lic (‘muplaint that students llil\'C I't'mm'cd personal pL-riml.

 

'l'hu lt‘lllll'llt')‘ of lllt‘ t'tillt'gt's "

a
little to cuudvusi- llic rulcs .‘tlltl

nlcnls that the 'l‘iildlywinks club will conduct a meeting rivalry p, (m.- “WI; [ms “mum-(l in g.

u.

should have no parlicular interest for students. It

ninfni‘tly lll lllt' rul‘t-giw harng ll't‘hll-

 

possible, however, that the mail has been rifled, and both
the student council and the campus cunmtisslun arc to
be encuuragcd in their invcstigalion.

It seems more probable that the notes have been lost

 

 

 

 

their rinwdrd sclu-ilulr. Thi'y i'uuhl rlmuuu a course in
orchestra study a» :III I,' ~llltli‘t‘l lu salth both

 

S

llltfll’ iint'rrst and their nrcds fur graililaliuu if (fulli-gulit-ztp of forgotten rIIInlinm.

in thi: student scramble at the mail box. Aftcr the

 

Communications

 

 

noun—day rush. one can usually lllltl as many connnuui-

Shall We Lack Music?

cations on the floor as there are in the pigeon holes. “mm, 5,3,”; (tumour; Nuns:

Students, in a lnirry to reach class in' the gymnasium,

  

.\n iiiipu qumiiuii has itilsrn. ll

 

\tlllll'lllllcs neglect ll) I'cplai‘i: lctlcrs which they have :1,“ ""E“,',"”(“,- ',"',’f,",Hlturlh 5k}; "","l‘:,ll‘:f
allowed to rlmp on the floor. ln‘ iltllt'sllu‘ lly I... orchestra, Wu

Placing small notes in the box has UlIL'll resulted in «or I 'illL' that “ill play the lit‘o‘l mu

which are scrih- 1“

 

Ige:

 

the loss of communications. Mes"

 

    

‘ of ilw util'ltl. that “ill unth-
the standard of musical appr.

 

. m . w .
blctl on small scraps of paper, usually slide hctwccn lllC mm. "U, “My 0" n”. mumpus, 1,“. Us um

larger missich to the floor. The campus commission has lislt‘nt-rs.

rr.pcaletlly warned siuilcuts that tlIcrc is little chance for
the delivery of mites no larger than postage stamps.

lhc commission may help to eliminate complaints of
lost mail. l't

 

 

 

in

  

~ ~ I.

BOOKS. lawman hemuuruum     .
. playim: soun- instrument

' ls lJIZLlGll'I‘ll‘l‘L VERSE pun”? l.~. it “mum; lll'

who play aw on little it

.,.

hueh an at has been made, but as
' .\l the

film, I'L-hrar-

   

' t to start an Ulll‘lllyn
llt'hllil n-putml. .\2i :1 lcrlllll, ltr. Land-

nlally and faithfully Io icht'atsala.

tiinilually llll' number has llWllltIll‘ll Iiiilil
only trn now remain, and Dr. tfzimllyu
Jllhlly‘ ll‘t'lﬁ ilmt

iuut continue.
Ii an ('lll'llllllll'lll. (If
,.

 

 

If possible that

l' Inblc of
of tlic

  

ihv stunt-ins
lL'll ihai they
u not di-vuie an lliilll‘ and a half on one

ruin}: a wrvk to llll' puisuit of lit-antl-

 

 

failure! Itrpuliln‘mm by l’olly Chase lloyden. Covtcr r”: “um/w" ILm- :In- Illtlil), u»..- VIC-

l-rtcdc. New York City. (I-l pages, $3.00.

When lbc rust of the world is making innovations in
lyrics, whcu pioneers in every licltl iIl poclry arc chilllg-
ing and distorting the world of pin-try. this volume of
versi- (‘lllllL‘n :Is a distinct surprinc and delightful breath-
mg \p: .

'l'ln' \t‘l'kt‘ uf l‘IIlly ('liasv llnydi-II is undulating and

 

In

l'l'l'l'l'xlllll,L’,. u.

 

.\‘ln- undue; nu lelt'lll|)l In ln't“ k into the ft‘ttli-I‘Iiity of
llw I'rrw lilii‘iwlx. uuw rim-s slit: Iiiiilcll lhv lcvily of
fartvtiun. and cynical I'lIyIIMrI's.

'l'bvrc is in brr llilt‘ltls stunt-thing that bri-uks away

 

 

Iiililui, Stair ("Indian

lliilil aiiil llll' iiInviv w ilcslinyril lllt' de-
NI w in: mininal mum-1d |Ii‘|lllllllltllCi'?

- t'lIllt‘l't‘ lllh always [new proud of
'it‘l vI-

 

- inphuiiy tiltlllhlltt.
- llltllt :Illclilpt \\|l| lu, ||)Ilil(' In carry
'l'hu |It'it[tlt‘ \\llil air IiIlI-Imtuil will
.I lt'l t'MlllIlilt’ltl-‘tlltv illl' ul't‘t and hand
ut’llll'i ulnlt'l a slutli‘lil li-zuli-i lu be an-
illtlittl l.I|l'|.

l‘ Ii-ila Hi'limltiuahy, '30

    

Hits council 1\llllcmbcrs
‘ l' t ‘t'

with unisidriah- ii-glet lllrll l

. . . . ,. . . I \‘vil
Iiinn l|n_- \lllllllltl'uﬁ tll tlIi- \It'lnriali liit'lillinls. flu: pl‘c- llt'illll ul llli- tmlun- of lllt nit-nun” of
('lsllill ut tlw t‘llts‘ll‘lsls and the (IVt'I'-llllt‘ll l'll)ll|lll mm- "Iv whim“ I“ WC Il't'l'i' ‘lll‘llli‘l I"

:quI [II tbr l‘IIllIItIlllt‘l‘lN.

llIImt‘ who am.- nip-mpIuig tu lll.tl\l' lllt'
til):l|lllttllltll :i .\llltlxa l.|\|IIL' lll't'll '

Sln- is i‘unstaully (li-vntcd It} thv bi'nlltifnl frinu lllt‘ ,,,..,.,|,,., .,f n... “Mimi... and m. havin
inmt lI‘tvial ill the moat glui‘nnhly purlit: lllt‘llll'h and hail l'l’lltvllllllltv ltt illht'th‘ tln- iiirpulnii-

t‘xtllllll't'a thrir (harm in her \Iviil llllilgt‘l'y.
llirw |ItIt’lll‘1 :Iri- i'lIItl'ui'tt-itzi'll by a butt- Ill \viwllttl- ,,

lll.|l lll.

nl .uIt-ml. re, mu pit-palm Io nay
.inllyn dbl only whit was
|~llllvllili' m icbmiig In \illlllllllt' as liltllv

 

 

new. 'll‘hc-y It‘llt't‘l a genuine and llllllllhlulflllllt' depth dint»: of llw tll\llllllllll,' Mint”).

of ('llllillltll
llhl as Ilu- ill'llNl blt'IIil~. t'uliit‘, contour and llllt' *5” H
Ibis pin-l ilrtlly illllllllti liariuuiiimh l'lt'lltllllL', \\llll l‘X' u

tllll‘tllll ll‘t‘lllllllllt', minim-idly ll‘llll‘illlllo lllt' vvry vssi-Iict' "'lt‘l” "U “""'|'.“‘l“‘ - .
- It‘llﬂlll fur rlusnlt‘ill I'IIIII'IlvilI ||| tlIi- ltt‘ltl

Ill litr \\llll lllt‘ zippriipiiulv plii‘aw .tllll lllt'lillllltrl'.
l’nllv t'l' ’

l'i‘llt‘ll at .\l 'liiunlliy'x whim] and at llI‘yII l\la\vr rill» HI-Ili'lr Lil)“ hlllilt'lllh. Illi'it: .m- iul
' lwt‘lll)I|Vl' who rIIi- willing

liar lu |tl1\‘.|lt' litv hr IN .\li‘r. l'lt‘hltlll lluytlt-II ztIItl

lbw lllillllt‘l mi lliru- t'batimng i‘llllllll‘ll. mm“ “[3,, I". “HHHIPWI m

I, , ..I mum, ; .
l' mulrn to .I native “I lhu'ugo and with ...m lJIt'l that In an illotllllllull ui uppinxl

In Nimr- m-tauum llu‘ wt." illlrt'lltt' oi

plum-lo unpln Imw bot-n ilur ln Iulpnttaul

nilluluip, i-ngitngIIi-nls, but In lIliMl l'il‘l'ﬂ
um .I imit u \llt'l‘l lllllllll'll'llti', \\‘l|l|ll
' a iintlplt'lt: ills

I siiiily Is .I simiili

 

v-I

Ill‘l‘ of tlirlr lllllt‘ fol

 

 

'llu-r inllu'iiuu ulll'lilltltln lllllt IIIlt' ltllll mult- of Mrs. Ill-II _l\vu of UN Inemliuia of the qusli'

liiytltll" pmim \tlllt'll have previously appeared in
nil“, \"..n-. lln- Junior League blity;.ull|t‘. and other

lulu-ll him an- known In bi: instrumen-

lltllolh. Wt'lt' runsplrluns by their alumin-

mini of III: cw unliuslia i-izlleartutln

publn'zitttui ul \th. llrr put-try wiu'lvrs an t'llcli;tIIt-- I-trnduyluil this srasuii.

In; nprll, liauIIliIIt', .iinl liiiui'I'IIig lulu: aflcr the book
in l'llI-t‘l. u

H , _ ah
llll'lt‘ r. minrtluup about Ibo vnlunn- as it whole that hum lt‘nl’llt‘tl, httllltlt’tll to minimum: to

In my liupr that lll‘t' iIii-Inhuis will
my on under the diieiztiuii at a sllltlL‘Ill
nnlurim until a ulrgici: in our ' has

will lIIltlu: ll liw and bi- l‘t'lllt‘lllllt‘l't‘ll lung after some “‘- (“'“llr,” """ll'lk'lﬁ Wt‘l‘t‘hi slwlllil lw

 

 

ur in again lrntl his time fut tlu: bi-ttciv

of its pmlrmsorn bavt- llt‘l:|l ri-Ivgatctl tn the scrap ,,,,,,, of mu 8mm,

lioliirlt J. lilinuly, 'JZ.

 

 

 

The three «inc-act plays were a
delightful manifestation of some un-
usual ability :unmlg the members of
the clcnurulary dramatics class and a
further proof that State college has
a must able and ltCCOlllllllnllk‘d du 'tur
in tho pcrmu of Mir.» Agurs l-T. l'ut<

 

 

The three play-a |ll‘l‘~t‘||lttl \wri:
"'llp (1' Mi: Thumb" by li'ri'di'i'ick
l’t'uii and Richard l’riiu; "Wurlc
lunisc \Varil" by Lady (in-gory; and
'I’lLlIC‘ linInanct-I's" by lCilIIIinIil lt‘m—
.Iiul.

'l‘lie plays were ucll chm-«II :Iinl
\\l‘ll vast.

'l’bi- l‘ most and luvs-1 lrnupirl lll
Hit" pot» to Dorothy lil'itll-
Ilnw fur lIt'r rlia lt-I' inn of .\lll—
:Inda .\lllii'k, :III “In'plmut” \\lin livi's
and talks her dreams. 'l'ht‘ character
of the lilllc laundry slave “ho had
no loveliness in life but lu'r own dc-
.sirc for Iovrliness and who has unth-
iiig better to build her dreams on
than a young Cockney lad, indifferent
and rough, was the most (lillicult role
of the evening. Mi 5 lirandnw is to
ilL' congratulated. for >llC is one of
lhe few people capable of keeping the
littering row" in complete submis-
sion.

The supporting cast of “ 'Op 0' Me
Thumb” was excellent and contribu-
tcd much to Miss lirainlow's sticcc
Vivian Di Lallo was an improvrmtnt
over her last appearance. llcr itCCl‘lll.
\illi convincing. Flori-lice l"rlt‘lllllllll
was a ilrﬁnile aid to Dorothy llrun-
llll\\' in her role of iuiplisilnr.

This ill'sl play of this group, “\Vnrlw
house Ward" starred James ('axsidy
:IIIiI litibt'rt llankilis. Mr. Cussitly Is
lllitfill‘l' utpri-Iiic if [I'lsll
Once in: wi~lwd be bad
his lines it bit more ~ucui'i'ly. l\lI.
Rankin» had a splendid Inakr up
\llllL‘ll lll' uwd to advantage. 'l'w
{l‘lllL'l' \villi Lucille llnunigan, iln-y
put our .1 play lhnt dot-5 not usually
L'II It\'i'l'.
I “'l‘lu- liiIiIIJIIIi't'I's” was :I Hill']ll'l\l'
In Inn days. 'l'lit' t‘tthl gilt laughs
HlIl ul bum that wr would ll1l\t‘ sup-
liim‘il Slutt- t‘iillrgr illllllt'llt‘t‘\ iII—
l'(|]}:tlllt‘ Iif coniprt'lit'tlillug, lllll' In
lltl'll' tlt‘llt'ill')’ and luck of burnuplay.
'l'lir sit-mud \lll'|ll‘lit' \\il\ lllt‘ lilNl.

l't'tlllll' \\llU have glwu inmlinrlt-
va lttl'lllitllt't'n in llIi' pint, lll‘llllll' ulnnn
\vt- iliilii'l l'Xllt‘t'l tii sec on lllt‘ staph
lUllil_\’, zunl people doing pails Wllllll
no wnulil lIIIvc lwllI-vrtl lllt‘lll inmp-t
ltll,‘ iif dolupy lll unlit-d in inaliin a
Hl't'éll succ of the play. Mint. llll-
Ion bud Ironble \vllh lll’l vulcc al the
dart, but it was to llt'l‘ t'lt‘tlll llIaI
Ilun tlinllirbi-d IIUI one whit hvr lilllfl"
pI‘i-tziliuirnf lllt' I‘ult'. Allllt‘ Ni'sblll
hair :1 “HF lurcrpl'rtulion of [hr plv
quani and Victorian lllillllt‘ll. lflllll
l';tlll|l)|lll§ scored a sum >65 in her
(hiragnau mmmloguis on .‘ltltllll‘llllllS.
.\ll(lll‘y.slllllVilll and liililh llunt (IR
llei'pannu and l'zthiptinnt were the—
Iiglitlul.

This play, more than any of the
olln. sliiiwt'tl Miss hullcl‘L-r's ability
as .I llll‘t‘l‘lul'.

    

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

«

 

 

