 

 

 

2

_ Some College toi- Teacher!

' L

THE NEWS BOARD Ed
no Maid; 'SEr‘e'eif "i'éiiiiiiiiiiié' E36332-
...Monoginy Editor

NmA Minn. .

 

Grows P. RICE....... 
45

Stre
CATHERINE E. BRODERICK. .. .Arrociutr Mona
mo Sixth Avenue, Troy. Telephone Tro
..... ..... alert
27 North Pine Avenue, Telephone. -
. .......I'mance Manager
201 North [.a e Aven e. Telephone 6-5810 4
.....................leiire Editor
MCenlral Avenue, Telephone 3-7616

Anon-1v Fwwciis........
ANDREW A. H'RI‘I'Z..

 

ALEXANDER) Scnoon

DI'roII, §amue

Senion Assocm'rr, Enirons: Genevich Winslow, Lllly Nelson.
‘l

and Martha Nord. llnsx

Joivion Assocurz Eoiroxs: Frances kcllcr, Bessie Le
Rerolrzusi Franues Gaynor, Inez Slio
Vera llurns, juniors; ,llernard Kerbel, Clara Allan,
cook. Abbie Dineen, Carolyn Kramer's, llarrict Dunn,
{. Lewis, ois

McMahon. [\atherine Moore Denise Ryan
iii d n

Ruth Brezee.

Gordon, Alice lomp, Alvina

Hilda Smith, Laura Sty‘n. E

sophomores. BUSINESS STAI'II: llett‘y bautter '31,‘Curtiss Ruten‘

.ber, '32, W. Jones, an Jean

0)’
AssIs-rAN'r FINANCE MAN/loan: branees Mazar.

Published every Friday in the college year by the Editorial
Board representing the Student Association. Subscriptions, 5 .25
er year, single copies, ten cents. Delivered anywhere III the
f! Entered as second class matter at postolliee,

nited States.
Albany, N. Y.

The Vizle does not necessarily endorse sentiments expressed
No coiiIInnnications will be printed
‘ e Editor-in~Chief of
‘ The News does not

in contributions.
writers’ names are left Wit
Anonymity will be preserved if in des ed.
guarantee to print any or all communications.

Puma-en av MILLS ART Puss, 394-396 llruadway~Dlal 4-2287

Albany, N. Y. Oct. 3. 19.30

DOLLARS AND SENSE .

Members of student association will exercise one of
the most important functions of self-government iii stu-
dent assembly today when they approve or reject the
budget submitted by the student board of finance.

One of the major premises of the American Revolution
was the objection of the colonists to “Taxation without
In order to avoid a situation such as
that in State college, everyone should go to assembly

representation.”

this morning and vote on the budget.

of the student body that the student board of finance
is apportioning and, accordingly, the student body should
take sufﬁcient interest in the disposal of its money to

attend assembly and vote intelligently.

Urging the students to attend assembly and vote in-
telligcntly does not mean that petty bickering over a
In the present case
a few cents do LOT make a difference.

The board has spent a great deal of time and energy
in tabulating the budget and the students should show
their appreciation by eliminating all unnecessary bicker-

few cents shoulc be encouraged.

mg.

THE RIGHT ATTITUDE

The faculty has taken the right attitude toward the
regulation of student participation in extra-curricular
activities as is shown by the action of President A. R.
Brubncher in calling in the aid of sorority presidents and
extra-curricular leaders to Confer with the faculty.

The problem is not a new one nor is the outbreak
But Dr. Brubacher feels
that the time has come when an organized check must
be placed upon the students for their own good.
tirely too many have sacrificed a college career for the
glamour of a few unimportant activities.

lint the blame for thinking studculs
placed upon many of the worthwhile organizations by
the faculty, It will be found that the students
charging their duties creditany upon many student pro<
iects are also the possessors of enviable si'bolastic uvcr-
III short, those students who do think out i 4:
often found trying to place the blame on

this year unusually sporadic.

ages.

pation in College activities" in order

chance to graduate. This is giving these groups a black

eye and is certainly unfair and nand.

The object of the check is laudable, however. It may
mean that the student will find his cllorts limited to one
or twu organizations in which he is particularly inter—
III the long run it will probably result in his

csled.
winning a honorable place In one o

wearing the butlon oi every club on the campus and

being a follower III all of them.

President lirubncher and his I'nvulty have extentch
a courteous gesture to lhv student body for its Millpiil'l
' ' Students will do wisely
to heed his suggestions and to cooperate with him to

in ii project for 115 own good.

the fullest possible extent

 

’I‘I'IliilR-hlltS’l‘ MALmT
Care in the choice of its leaders should be employed

by the freshman class Monday when members attend a
class meeting to be conducted for the purpose of electing

the ofliccrs for the coming your.

lniiiuiitc lmowlcdge of all ll.v randidntc‘. is llllllUS‘sllllC
and in some civics may he lllii(l‘.‘l\illlll3, bIIt llC\’¢‘l'illClt"-.3,,
an institution of learning is supposed to ll‘lllll ll» sliltlciil

to bc judges of tbiiriiili'r iinioug olhcr Vlhings, _
student in ripiitbctir toward his I ullcgc eiudics‘, hi: )5 iputc
likI-ly to ln- sluggish in his lulIillun,r of Ins extra—curri—

cnlrir activities.

At II time when llie student h-ndI-i's nri: cndruvoring to
limit lhc “outside” work lll whirh :i ilt'\ll|llill nuiy cu»
page il should be particularly nppnII-in to [be fi'i-nluncn
thnl their officers II ud be in :Iilivc lll ~.i'|inki lii plll‘rdllis’

or. in sIu'chIl :Iclivilii'».

Y. M. C. A. Itlif’ilNS DRIVE
\\'lii:u llll‘ YIrlIIII: Mi'II'II (fhriliiin :issin'iiilion begins
its drive this iIIoIIIin,r for llli)lll‘)’ lo liiiaini- it» IniiliiI-l
for llit- (‘plbvigit yviir, it should ri-ii-ivc
support of :ill of the men and as many of the women
and imulty :is may be inlercalrd ill the vxtvnl of limin-

rial ‘iipporl.

State College N en's
" lltlblllhld in 1915 by the CIIII 0!.I9IOV-i'
a. ' The Undergraduate Newspaper at New York

Slllll.

hazing.

STATE COLLEGE toms. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3,1930

does not rely upon the Itudent moclnilon budget, Ill
of its money coming direct from Itudent support.

Each year speakers of note are brought to address
both the general assembly and thev‘men'ln particular ‘at
This
year the organization plans to present the best series
of speakers that have ever appeared here under its

private lectures conductedat the College house.

auspices. its pres

ident said.

It promotes the freshman dinner, the ﬁrst social event
presented entirely for men on the College calendar.
Membership, gained by paying a sum at the College,
entitles the member to all of the privileges of the stu-
dent Y. M. C. A. and all of the social and part of the

athletic advantages at the Central Y. M. C.

, This year it will operate a studenbconductecl employ-

ment bureau for the beneﬁt of the men of the College.
Members will have contacts with the business men of
the city and through them will endeavor to obtain work
for as many of the men as desire it.

There can. be no question of the worthiness of the
Every man in the

allowance for this

organization and of its purposes.
College owes it to himself to go a bit short on his
week and contribute a substantial
It's the only opportunity of the year to do it and
should be taken advantage of now.‘

SKELETON IN THE CLOSET
Hazing may be obsolete in most colleges but it is
Freshman week which will begin Mon-

still found here.
day is a relic of the ancient and honorable custom of
A very expurgatcd and mild edition it may be.
but the idea is the same.

Where the former method of hazing was rough, the

 

modern method is merely cmbarassing, where before haz-
ing was ‘physical, it is now mental, where hazing was
once a necessary means of impressing the freshmen with
a sense of their own nniniportance and of orientatng
the freshmen into the rigours of College life, it is now
an outgrown custom of which only the need for remedy
lingers on.
 Man‘s SCIENTIFIC Score

- LEADER or Losr CAUSE

 

 

 

 

.-I History of Science.

knowledge.
\l/hethaui, F

. K.

Lompany, New York.
Science throughout the ages and its relalons to human
philosophy and religion from Thales to Einstein is the

scope of this volume by a noted English scholar. The “Mum” “'“l M55 Mario" Cl‘csc‘
partsOplaycd bylastronomers, biologists, Inatheimiticians, borough, ' ,
chemists, lllllelSlStS, philosophers, and phychologists in Jim l'IIi; Miss Juan \Valdbilig and

 summary iii‘ man's scientific L
By W‘Ilham Cecil llanipicr Dampier< and Mrs. Ralph liciircr poured far
Sgwwum “W MMM‘H'J“ (.izinimzi Kappa Phi; Miss Catherine

solving the mystery of hit: are all outlined and the in-

dividiiiil contributions explained in a manner understand- in linglish, for

able by every reader.
The author begins \vithrthc scientific facts in man's mimic". 1"'l"l‘;"h' i“ I'l'll‘ill‘ll- mld'

DUSSCSSlf"! about ZSUI) ll. L. and records events to thci ‘1‘” L'
discoveries of our scientists of today, including the

discoveries. and experiments of 192‘)
, .

lzuc

 

\e nL'L‘ In actuality Archimedes in his bath noticing

that the water l
to his body; ll'

author has coml

the reader.

 

)iuctl

   

r

Ii'cd by his body is cipiiil in vulumc‘ 4" ,
\ 'xpcl‘llllcllllllg with l)ltl(l(l t‘il‘t‘llltl-‘ “HiRl'th '9‘“th “"d M” 5“”“Wuim-d (luring lllc next tlu'm- wars
lliou under the iiIlcrc-ltil eye of his sovereign, Charles 1. “Cl “mm.” “"i "\l i
It Is such anecdotes of interest that raise the book iruui ‘
the realm of a volume of dry ' ' l '
ital iind livingr books of science ever written.
but with devices of interest . . ,
such it manner as in L‘lhlly sustain the keen interest of 71"”Cl‘" “' 1"”“11-‘l'v “"‘l M” [.l'

'ln IIIlo one oi the most . I ,. . . . ‘
- Thu: h 155' Lillian lnrliih lor l‘I Alphii .

in l

The nzuncs of llume, lirasmus, h'aul, l)n \'inci, llacoii,

"3

 

who iiinnorliil contributions to science are l‘t'lillutl.

Perhaps [he (’I‘llii‘lslll of the New York“ Times ‘ch
better accomplish an IuIilcrstnnding of the scope and ex-
t'CllClll't: oI' the book than can it review Iliilllllll)’ Word»:

"ll lar surpasses In i-Nt't'llclice iiin unc<vohimc Work
the kind that has appeared in the English lniigungc.’

Li'c HIL' Amrrii'

illl. (jam

lLoughton Milllin Co.
(For J'Ult‘ in [be College L‘u-iI/I.)

Lee, the scholar, the chivalron Southern gi‘nlh-quin. ill”? “Mb '53- Kill'lﬁl Hllllclic WNW

aliel Bradford 324

Boston.

$511M.

iiilcmy, Socrates, l’lnlo, Iinclid, rind Abclzli'd are only

2i few :iInoug [be hundreds ol scientists and I)llll|l\1)llC|'\

of

pages.

 

 

She  History

 

 

MISS 15/15:“: 95mm '

 

Isabel J. Peard, ’32, who ex-
plains in an article in this issue
of the NI \‘s' the history of the
draIIIatic and an association and
the :idvunta r ‘ of membership

FIiESHMEN WOMEN
ATTEND soromrr
WELCOME PARTY

Approximately seventy-live fresh-
men women attended the tea given
by the lntersorority council on
Saturday in the rotunda.

Russell La Grange and his Hot-
teutots furnished the music for
dancing. Couples danced around'
the statue of Minerva and up and
down the halls.

Mi ' Goldeuzi llills, supervisor of
teaching in mathematics

 

     

 

 

 

prnct

English, for
Harry W.

instructor in
()Iucga; Mrs.

l'ellz,
Della

 

‘rnrtor in Latin, for

 

Miss Marion Kilputrick, instructor
Kappa Dell
Miss Ruth Kelley, supervisor of,

 

 

 

Lester, instructor lll
mathematics, for H Gamma; Missi
,Mnrion Conklin, supervisor of priic-‘
iIci~ lL‘IlL‘llilIi: iII lingli h, and M
inrsnm. for t'hi Sigma Theta

 

   

phn l‘jpilson l'hi.i
\l

Mrs. lunrl l- South and

 

'iu; :iIIIl Miss’ Mary (lshinu‘niu iur!

 

 
   

(Illt‘ Young, :i national ()llll'cl‘ ol
lhi- MH‘Urily, for l'bi l)cll.'I.

l':il('il sorority had it table which
onus (lt'k'ilrilll'll nith llnwc . "IL-
lhnIIIIL-I's oi Ihr Hirioiis sororiiii'w,
lliung around the nails of the
lriiliuida.
l

 

lMiss Dargvan Will Be
Ring Committee Head

Virginia Hawkins, '32, wzisl

vlwlcd g’iils' :ilblclic IIIiIiIngcr, and,

the higbiniinlcd lciiiler of the Confederate lll'llllt‘x, pen-"ll ‘4“l.”'cf“”“”i"‘5 it “"l‘ “"“Ul‘m'l'd‘
ci'oth‘ III vu’liiry and uudnunlcd by ilv‘it‘lll 'lllc‘st'

some of the word pii'lurcs of (he iilllliilh leader of

 

.uc
the

Lost (4111“: ('Ullldlllltll in this biography oi his life by

Mr. Bradford.

Many biographies have been \Vl'lilt'll on the life H

Lee, but few of tin-III have underlain-n so suvicssi'ully

ll piuni l.cc as he actually was.

lII addition to the III~

lt‘l'cnlillt', anecdotes and :iciuiil lilt’ls pcrlaniiug to ibe

Iiic ol 'l.cc, the biography contain». much inlorination,
about his i'.’tlll])llil.:ll:i during the t'ivil War.

This li‘llltfl“

inforuIiIlioii make» the book partiiuhii‘ly dcnrnblc for

ollltlL‘llh ul lllnlu

Lee's L‘lll’l)’ lilo 1h ii .studi-ni, his

\\'I~-\l l'nIIIl Iiiid

uii.il dri l‘llMl III

I'y 4.

ill t i-plnIIi i- in :I

,Iiw ilil’iiuuh Iin'riiin'ioih

lil\lll of

c

 

Stale

lliv linh points ol llll' hinrlt,

llI-i lill'l mid diploniiiiy, bolli with his army and hi~
it'llow li'Iiili-I'» of tho t'oiifcilci‘ncy, p.trl.rIIl.Ir|y Jcllcrsoii
I)..\i», Ilii: ]ll'l\lll<lll, did much to hold lhc rcvnllini:

dull» lriigi‘lhrr during llll‘ day-i when lln- Iinpzn'ls fronil

 

l'lllllllll‘nlllll

lll

:Ibh told.

graduation from .
V ' - in Library School Staff.
lengnn'i-ri I’lll'lli oi the Ii-gulnr army, and his steady! '
llis
i.r Niilioll i.) one ofi

ibi' bl: u~ (innit wit; drilling them .u'iip'd (o be hplllllll);

 

 

'l'hr ‘illlllt‘lil l:i:i lllli your will jump lIoin r-li-vvn I«

dun :ip.Iri.

'l lm III Iv i.’ l" i’lllfilll‘l one of :I ni'hlnry gI-uiiis, lnii
ilw :oolmr hi» .I illl | inu.h of inln-Iv-l by wnIhiIIiIu', lhi
IIIilIl.iI\ lindrr nub lbc liuihuiid .inil father of lhi
.l-nnlioun Yup-Inn type.

'I \\’I l Y1" \Its' [\(ill Il nmv
i l‘Ii-in [lll' hh . Ill lii‘ "Jinn lwl‘ lli'liilit'] 3, 1033‘

Illllll‘xlASIIlJlH‘ .ii illl‘ bli-Iiiii'ah ding

 

ill :I honor this» nil-cling ri‘cmillv ‘
l.i-.ih Morgan was appointed vb i- i
IIInII ill lllt' junior ringr coIiIuIillccl
,wilh Mngdnliui- French, Sara Al~l
gltinsini, and lx'nburi lx‘nnkin :is hcrl
rmnIIIiili-c. l

.\ budget of srvi-n hundred and
‘Iifiy dollars ($750) for the yt'i’ll'l
Inn» :Idoplcd :ii the met-ting of the
class.

 

 

Miss M. Cilmour Joins

Miss MailI-luic |~'. liilmour Is lln-'
lit'W i'Is‘wi-ilinit ]lliiil‘\':\ill of liln‘n'
lwivnre In plnw of Miss ('nihcrini:
l.ll\'l‘, \ibo Mo) lllltl'l'lL‘ll this \tlllllllt‘l‘,
,.iiinI‘IIiIIg in .m annonni'cIncIIt Iuiidc'
illlllily by ll‘l' lihi'xiry nl'lliltll. 7

Miss (ill'llillll' no. grnihuuvd from
l'IiIIIL‘ll i:|ii\iI-.il_y :iiid l'I'iL‘ivviI llt'l'
;ll.‘i-llllllll‘ in lllilill)’ \\‘lll'l( at hyrniusi-
llllltCl‘wlly. .‘ilii- inns in iange olI
lib, l' wink .iI llll' l'lhnirii ncIilcmyl
bi-Inrc minim; lILIit.

 

 

 

TO CONDUCT DINNER i
I 'bllsi Loniw McycIowiiz, writil
‘dII' I'lill‘ til the Alhnuy JL‘\\|.~]1 l'innd
,ninnily l'i-nli'r. and Samuel (liplnii,l

:i |Il‘iIllllll|‘lIl .\lli.‘llll’ lawyer, will brl

 

Iiir lor iii-dIIiuII, lll llt' iiindui’lcd,

“W”. m” pi- no question of the ['(‘lll'rilslly of tl':;ihirtuin dollzir~ Ill-F i-il'lli'. ll "I" lll'“l“'j‘"I ‘lWI‘WN. lira” l"lllldn Hull 41 lhi‘ livniuorv lliill'l
.lliiiIIlUl, lhc alllllt‘lti ponid ‘ll liuiinu ‘llil'n'iltf l.l'll|il‘ ‘.if is gt‘lll‘l’ll ibiiii’ l

llpili\'l'~ and the liars to wliiib tbr find; will be pin.
it 1. mn- Hi the fi'w orgnniriiiii-Ih on tlu: rumpus which

(lilllw‘il hiidgi-i i-
nnninmr iid today.

lupin Hi illiillll‘t'llli‘lll‘i. I

il'h'innnl \'. Smith for it‘ll). Zebu.

editor-onion
: TOLD BY onion

Miss Feud Writes of History
and Purpoleo of Dramatic
and Art Group

 

Bv [sauce I. PcAnII, ‘32
Secretary, Dramatic and Art Council
The object of the dramatic and

art council is to “foster the cul-
tural aspect of College by present-
ing worthwhile programs in drama
and in art." '

livery member of the student
body, upon payment of his student
tax, becomes a member of the
dramatic and art association, which
entitles him to free admission to
all of the programs of :I dramatic
or artistic nature.

Two representatives from each of
the three upper classes constitute
the iIIcnIbcrship oi the dramatic
and art council.

This year they are: Ruth Hughes,
'31, president; and Jean (iillcspy,
'31; Helen Mead and Isabel l’czu‘d,
juniors; Frances McMahon and
Frances Root, sophomores. "Ie
dramatic director, Miss Agnes
l’uttcrcr, assistant professor of
English, and Miss Ennicc l’rince,
' "stunt professor of line arls, ad—
. and work with the members
of the council. President A. R.
Brubacher is an honorary member.

liiich year, the freshmen who
are interested in working for IiIcIIi-
bership on the council are assigned
work such as the distribution of
posters. selling tickets, telephoning
patronc s of the association, and
in various ways assisting in the
presentation of the program. This
work is beneficial to the freshman
in that she gets better acquainted
\vth her class and learns to work
with its members, and incidentally
acquires valuable information about
the College and about Albany.

The freshmen who are working:
or the council write .1 paper in
April, lcllint,r of the work they h
done, and their draninlic and artis-
lic interests.

12 Are Selected

A group of not more than twelve
who have done the most work and
have shown the most int ﬁt, is
then chosen to be cnlcrinincd by
the council. This entertainment is
usually a picnic or a tea. lirom
these are chosen lhc final two on
the basis of dependability, resource-
fulnes personality, indirnivd in—
(crust in drama and in art, and
sclmlnrsliip. Member-ship is l""

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

of t'olli'gc.
The 'llllll's of tho Colllll‘il on: Io
inc and present I'viillli'i'x' in
min and in ziri, and :irrcingr for
lhr illl‘.l‘l'll\llll.: ol the pi'rinrninurc
."'l lln~ \Jllt' of tickets. The winn-
[supports the play. of the i-li-Ini-n-
lnry <lI,iIn:iliI'.~i l‘lilsh’. .‘Iiid lhc plnv
oi the advanced (lI'IllIli’llii‘i «Li-m.
l‘iilt‘ll \1‘ill‘ it s. is two I'vprv-
\t'lllilllil's to an art and ii ill‘éllllulii‘
ioIIfI-I'i-ui‘c, thus lit‘t'plllt" in contort
wilh lill' :irtivil s of other mill-pus
illlllll', lhi-w liIII's.
'l'bi: first Ilrauinlii' :Iilvi-nliiri- of
lllt‘ IhSlH‘ltillOll \-.;I~. llli' prmllii'lion
Ii] the "Yellow Jnckcl" in the till-
ililoi'iqu of Albany High School.
The. ['ollrgi: was i'xcrcdiunlv
worried about paying llll‘ Sllill
royalties and wildly l‘llllllhlllﬁilc
when the event proved a mini-s»:
The Hut ilriiinnlic l’l~l\‘ of Mali-
rollng- was the lIl‘t'N'l‘lllilllUll of
John lJriiikivalvr nl lllt' iiiui' his.
“iibrziluun Lincoln" was iii the
bright of its success. A gamble

of $500 was involved III [lilo l’l‘ll'

  

 

   

 

(dirt: of the Council's lll'nl ui'i'iil
iii‘llslii‘ achievcinvuls w s in brim:-
Ilig' l.iir.iib) Tilfl lll‘ltl. i: ll‘i'-
lured on si'lilpluring, and did s'I‘IIl»
hiring {H be lnlkcd, Si'ii-Inl 0x-
hihil». iii-re brought brI'v, lurluiliiii;
witlllt‘ li'oin lhc AIIii-rii’nn brill-ru-
riiui oi .v\rl\',

 

 

THE CALENDAR
Today
ll lll A. M. Student :iswinhly.
.'\l.lillllirl'llllll, l’iigc hall.
3 ‘ ‘

ii I ‘l't llt'll cluh rci‘upr
ln-n. Lounge, lililllll‘ll‘llll
hiill,
Saturday
(:IIIip (‘ni-swi-ll wi'i'li l‘Illi liH
ti. .\, A. i'ouIIi'il mid Y, \\'

l \ whim-i lili‘llliil‘l'N
Llll l’,‘.'\li liiology l'llll) pni'l)’
.il Juniper livdiii-

 

Sunday
(I ,il) l‘. .\i. hit-norzih bziuqlu'l
H'l IrvnlIIIIin. liruiiioii: halv-
» Wednesday
hill) l'. M. Y, \‘I‘l (i, A, (ll‘%"
Iii. mu l”'llll]’ for lll' biinii

 

i l.|)llll“t', liu'hnid ii II l|.lll,

 

 

..‘-...-pu

 

