 

   

 

1'33-

 

 

   

 

   

 

ewunv 7. tour
1... . ,1 »

 

 

 

l I ‘ M  l I 8 If ,S "gm‘é’vtll‘i' o i A me o, ai o 1-  I -   y V V I
“It-l:  w  00lllllllcl'l10llsltlt0llllltl3’READERS

.IV Inna

‘ her year. sing
‘ Albany, N. Y.

.____————~—
I The News does not necessaril
. guarantee to priti

Albany, N. Y.
‘scssion which requires the attention and scriotis

' assembly gets the opportunity of passing

’. the m’nimum regu

. are available for about 100 students.

- News also felt that the ventilating and lighting systems
‘ in the library could not pass the test of a P

' the State government.

'sidcra ion as the discussion on the re

. and are beginning to plod across the turf in front of the

State College for Teachers

. E
“mus-r Beaumont . . . . ..
' J We-hluqtoti Ave.

 

 
  

  
 
 
 
  
  
 

in Chief

phone , _ .
.' . . .‘ Advertising Manager
Telephone +5603
' Finance Manager
treet. DielﬁG‘GZSS .
Managing‘ Editor

    

edison Avenue. Dlpl 6-200}! . .
In. . . . . . . . . ssactate‘ Managing Editor
'7 Slrd Road, Dial 4-0095 .
aspen”................Fenture Editor
Jay Street, Telephone 34780
Sluice AalociA‘rl Entrou: Caroline Kotrba. ‘30: Genevieve
Winslow, Jet‘vel ohnson, juniors. DESK iii-rents: Netta Miller.
' rge . ice, '3... l'NltiR Assicm'rr. l‘zlll‘l'tmsi tatherinc
Mildred Hall Nord. Juniors. Recon-tens:
I Dates, Gertrude llcrschbcr . '30; Mariaret Cuss‘er, can
Virginia Pratcsi, elson, lleatice Satnuels,
choor juniors, ’

Frances l\cllei'. Sarah Lalplan,
"Bruce. Evelyn Pitts, Samuel It

l)rausky. llessie Levuic
J. Floody. sophomores. Assis ANT Anvizwrisiuo l\lltN .
rey Flowers. '32.

Iicc Walsh. '3
Howland, ‘31: Marion Weinberg, rances anar,
d, llclen Rohcl, sophomores.

 

"Mucus? J. 5';
22¢

it

 

       

0: J
I- llclty Ray-

 

L11
7

Published every Friday in thc collcgc year by the lLtlnot
Board representing the Student Association. bubscriptions,

' 1: copies. ten cents. llelivcrcd anywhere In the

class matter at postulhce.

nited Slates. Entered as second

mitiiticiits i‘.‘t|irchHl
In contributions. No communications‘ be. pinned miles? the
writers' names are left with tie Editor-i pet of llll‘ bows.
'Aiionymity will be preserved if so desired. ’Ihc News does not
' t any or all cnninninicattmis
.__.___._

y endorse s

2

  

,a

 

 

 

 

 
 

.FKINTBD or Mums ART l‘ , 394-596 lltuad
February 7. WSU Vol. XIV, No.

A BUSY SESSION

The student association will today face a

 

llllbll‘llls‘
Coir
ll is not often that the
upon three
ociation will

sideration of cvery member,

  

legislative measures at one sitting. The
be asked to consider the advisability of sending a com-
mittec of students to pelitiiin (,iovcruor Franklin l).
Roosevelt to include in his budget the remodelliinr oi
the atiditoritim of l-Iawlcy ball into a library. The as-
sembly will likewise be requested to consuler the motion
that. a committee of students ask for a fence to inclosc
the College campus. Finally, the students must (lL'ClLlL'
whether they wish to he represented at the model Its-
sembly of the League of Nation '

The . ' d. in its last lSAUL‘, the itced for
a new library. It pointed out that students are'cnnped
up in a room which is only half the size l‘tltlllll'L’tl. by
lations of the New York btate Nor-
It showed that students who are
iii the crowded library must study
any soap box which is not being

 

   

Z
s-
2
m
9.

mid School Section.
unable to ﬁnd places
on corridor benches or
used.

The ans referred to the report of librarians who
claim that, in some instances, only two reference books
The cause for
This column
at the time
The

failures in history 2 becomes evident.
likewise deplored the waste which comes
when old books must be junkcd for new books.

odunkvillc
board of health.

State college needs a library, but, unusual as the
statement seems, it does not require extra money from
Merely a rcwordiug of the ap-
rnor's budget will allow for the

propriation in the govt- '
will not

remodelling of the old auditorium. The state
have to dig down into its pocket to give the College :1
suitable library. Students need ask for only a twist of
the pen in order to allow both the fcziulty and tht-ui-
selves to move out of the pi‘escut s rtline box into a
\\'(‘II equipped work room.

The motion that the governor
for the ertction of a cute deserves

 

be petitioned to provide
as serious con-
inodelling of the
auditorium into a library. The College lacks privacy.
Outsiders have worn a path across the 5onthct'n campus,
have forced the almndonnicnt of the lotie tennis court,
new buildings. It is not an infrequent spectacle to see
children playing tag in the corridors of the buildings,
and errand boys, carrying their frankftirters and potatoes
through the halls. We may soon expect to find baby
carriages bring whcclcd past Minerva.

The administration is intending to plane off a baseball

 

 

diamond, a track ﬁeld. and two tennis courts if a trace
is erecled to prevent their being used by outsiders. Stu—
dents have always been forced to journey to Ridguﬁcld
park which is noted for its cold showers. its rocky cinder
paths. and its beautiful, hilly tennis courts. The Babe
Ruths. the Paddocks, the Wills, and the 'l'ildens can
practice near showers which do not use the hot water
ipes as ornaments and can run around without lllL‘
fear of sprainng an ankle on rocks if they petition for
a, fence. In addition. they can perform in privacy.
new athletic field may become theirs for the asking.
The third piece of business must, perhaps. be con-
sidered in the light of its purpose. Why should the
association he represented at the model assembly of the
League of Nations? The convention may be primarily
a means of propaganda for spreading information about
the League in order to effect the entrance of the Ullllltl
States in'o the organization. Opponents of our country's
membership iii the League will probably tl‘sl'iilllilt‘lltlllCC
the ﬁnancing of a trip for a State college deli-gallon,
There are also think hearty supporters of llle l.i-;igni.-
who claim that the appropriation of money [or dele-
gates to attend the moth-l assembly I‘t'slllls at nothing
more than the furnish ng of lhree square nucnls a day
and perhaps a but; of peanuts to the tepi'cwniativcs.
The association, lhcy argue, nevrr li‘nciits limits its
repri'kt'nlat on at t'o:ivi-iitiou~.. AllVl ("lil") of tho tnolion
to ﬁnance ii iIi-li-uation inii~t show lllll irprc-uiil'itivi-s

 

can carry out lhi: purpirw of the model ilx'tl'lllllly, if
the Nifus' ilils £i|ilil\ti‘ll it t'iil'l’l't'll)‘, ()pptnu-nt-t of the‘
million must p‘ti‘it tvui lll'llilll ly ihal ll'lilt“t|‘llll|'liil| |:n|\t‘
ill it» Itllll. ll lilt')‘ lli‘.til' llll‘ f.t‘i't)',lli'_ hlil no! llll‘l
nuidrl a» l‘lltlth, i' tllllx tho: they luiulil ti. lil't' l'lll .iiii
llllt'l'llt’llll’t‘ plan lui makiiu; luioun the “niluiqz. oi the

BATTERING DOWN BIGOTRY
Biron: it still «i roll
GQ§| r a:

profession. e_ was recenty reins;
oceanic

on the't chine it: in a school in Monroe,
embrac a particular creed. The princtpal. upon
inteirvieiwcd. mitted that the faith‘ol thejppllcant
the, any tiin
system. ‘ .
Such narrow-mindedness is no
the student-teacher who contemplates a
freed from all insidious brands of intolerance.

'annot help become disgusted when

l few letters oﬁ his na

Despite the depressed
\roducc, the young student-teacher finds a challenge i
the situation.
is that the United States is the land of liberalism,

'cachcr knows from stmilar instances of the kind prc-
cnted and front recent political events that intolerance

'5 always pecpinpr around the corner.

The correction of ilh

 

 

 

 

ed in the ninth 2t ﬂattening

_ i

being
has
rance to' her acceptance io'tlic school
t very encouraging to
life of ‘service
Bred
‘ii an institution which preaches liberalism. the student
he realizes that he
‘nust wear the membership pin of a certain sect or chop

me.
attitude which such conditions

Although many statesmen try to assulrc
tie

ht-ral attitudes may properly be

 

 

ABOLISH BASEBALL
Editor. Sn," Com ewe: .
l’e'in writinu to call {our attention to
a cubic-cf to 'wlllgli _ove (iv I) much
thought” u ‘ cw ntonthi
AI '3 menu r‘o I finance bout]
have devbted' canelderahle stud 1
ﬁnancial situation’ at the Collette: I have
recently continued I survey or the nth
nus ornulutions and board: drawing any
from the ‘etudent‘ 'assoelotlon. r The
f to survey was an _ettempt. to
determine whether the neoclation (ferrite:
value ‘ , or organization
which it support! commensurate with the
amnunt which it gives that V _ ,

y survey show: only two organiza-
‘inna which appeared to be deﬁcient In this
value. One is an organiziition that have
actually apprised some _ '0
no avail, Therefore. I will pass over this

i

 

n and go directly to that other organization
which believe does merit student
=uppor. refer to varsitv hasrlia‘l
llast-hall is a sport which H very poorly
vipportetl now in any college. and it is
"(Ilu‘llllly lacking . student 'Sllpport (other

.1

its is so because
among which is I‘ll!)
comes at a most Iti-

lian ﬁnance) at . _
f many masons. rlncf
'(it‘l '

t|.t

its season

   
 
  

 

   

 

 

the job of both the home and the church. but these iii- .,_ . no; It"... .- frmn the student

titutioiis evidently have not succuedctl very well. “Midpoint. Wt: spending nlmpclt “a
"cople must look for help in the school which should i""'"1""lwlﬂllnﬂﬁr m,  0" haw." ‘
.'s~.uinc the burden if the work does not infringe upon mutt-nit uni-nil l
is required functions. “‘1' IN“ ."'“"V I."

“altering down bigotry he made part of tilt “diva”; d!"""'.‘ ,,
.t'luiol pro-tram without much interference with the nip.“- any ‘x the sport to hr
1 titimatc : livitics of the school. Why cannot the il'mulmwil, To this whicrlimi l with; that
. lll‘l' of |ii~tory |)il‘llll't‘ the progrcw of civilization '1',‘;,',',‘,,‘,,mm,“.Jhéiimituiiil .i‘.’.T..,l‘;‘,‘"';‘,‘,,[:,.,i:;
.uul the heritage of mankind as the product of men n. u... more than It'll'lllt'l'li people. mold in»
who came from (lil‘fci‘cnt races and llL'ltl various creetls. ‘i\‘i"‘l¢'|],l" "I" 1”” “‘1” "'ll’l‘l‘lfl'
The studcnt's rcali itiou of the relation of men and ,Zigij: gram ‘22,:in“mt"2.0;"23h-m51"“In;
lit-1r cit-imeriitive :iclpni throughout the ages should lllﬂ'l at l (‘ullepu

liich shrinks in disgust t l ' ""t 11""

givc that ratholicity of ~pirit w
from the nit-aniij of biuotry.
\roduct of different r:ice~ and ci't'eds.
of scicncc. the student u
‘Iiws, which in their :ippli
'i’vcntinns. have been discovered by men of dit'ferei
faiths and nations.

The teacher's opportunities for stabbing bigotry ai‘
‘l'lIllllflllll. (frti‘u’idt‘s for libcrnl attitudes of mind iicc
not he conducted in HM“ siyh- of national “lliggcr 2m
better" weeks. They can become the by-product of

  

"aching program without clogging the machinery of

‘he regular school systcni.
_ The Nun‘s thanks the Albany l‘:\'L‘lllllﬂ Nrws and th
limes-Union for the cuts supplied for the special l’roi
“nt- of last week

Perhaps, the teacher of
languages can point to ill t'tlioitght of the world its the
From the teacher
likewise we that universal
ion have given us the gran

   

 

I
> its I‘xiiciirlililre
A thousand dollars is a cniisidcrablc
1rimiint of money to spend on an urciiniza-
ton. and ilu- ﬁlttllt'lilk llltl‘l‘ a tilzli in ex-
nevi (ll‘r'villt‘ ll'lllrll for such an ('Kltt'lllli
lure. This value hawhnll fails to givc.

n l lu-lit-vt- that basketball is the only var-

 

 
   

sity that should he supported .
<iii| c. \Ve spruil $l700 annually
c on this sport but ilohoilv questions i.
d with h. t-iirollliii‘nl of :70 mm. it is int
‘ .msdhh- rot in to cmpmi atblclit‘s on a
‘ basis that other t‘nllt' l" in.
.1 My main t'nilii'lllliill is that baseball
Int-- not I'll iht~ pmral mppott from the

student ‘lilllV Ibat it should. and should be

     

 

Nicivm' FOUND PLAY
lv ClllSKIIOV APPEARS

iBOOKS

WANTS SCOREBOARD

Editor, Sure Camus News:
I am heartily ln ‘evor of ryour coir
ctlvc proposal the,» the nth ctlc Inln~
 "“y'e core or he

 

i met“ sup
basketball nines.  screen. cannot be
expected to ,ring pad on péncd and watch
the mic at the game hue. ' ‘ ‘
[To that the students WI“ likewme
consider your opinions n regard to the
need at a library. The News has'carb
fully presented the facts and admirath
arg ' It is up to the

tied for a new library.
students to play their part. '
‘ A Junior

CRITICIZES ECHO

Editor, STAT! COLLEG News

I would like to this column to cor.
tee! a wrong impression which seems to
have taken root iii the minds of the edi-
torial board of the Echo.

The latest edition of this worthy, but
weak magazine states in an editorial in
rcvard to the l - c criticism which the
first issue adverse
criticism, unin ltgeutly
value and scrvcs no purpose.
clsm of that i tut-c came from one of the
classes in Etigl' h, which Iuseil‘llie mara-

is

    

 

 

 
    

 
  

     

line as the subject for iist'i \Iu

ry a State l‘illll‘l-ic' .

'l . partici claw, of which
number. dill not irilici the i]
:thilnv of any of tlu- «tutti-ins, ' '
" ' i- thc writings published by the

  
 

- t'.\i\|l!|ill'ﬁ of ltim'aiuic.

 

 

s not to m 'Klti‘i‘ll'll that iln-u- ﬂi'c
:iuy linuin-ons, Nt'uilitllh, l’an ‘ or ilw
like, amour,v out Illlllllitln -
'llllllltlllll‘. that till
h,- lhi' wt‘lloll Ill qtit‘sliull. . in
and Lint-inns '1 n tliuiicli Ihi ciiiics
wt-ri- tiiulc. tic must rvnicitilwr llI-‘It lllll'
tlllll‘l7lfl wci Jll‘il as t‘l‘lllL' in lllt'lr
writings. Tht- licho has not yt-t lillll'.\'td
the pinnacle of llll‘li'lllll". its cniiiiihip

this me not of l’nlii/cr calibre. One young
-rsou said tint a it-viuiv o a book pub
' the Echo must have bri-n
“rlltl‘ll by a prison whose ici
limited to [wit thousand w
youthful ciiiic '
' and
such a y
magazine, that niacin/inc should choose its

  

  

. t ary
nrils. This.
of onistwnlf
't Wl

   

 

published Illllll‘lll‘ll tnotc Cali-fully.

l slinulil like [‘1 fini‘ih Illi‘i lt'ttvr with
a plea to the Icho. evi ii though I, llllt'
Ullll‘ls who (\H' in tlic llll'llt'llL‘l“. have no
wilting ability. [.1'l the poem of our
linls come in cxutlc sentimental uoo
throuin the noble medium of \‘L‘I‘N‘. .t-t
(lime who thl' in ' " civi- ii~ poor

 

opimut-ii llIt‘I't' urn :is a cx- fools, whu mu-a rmul lllt lln so that It

i llllYI' of 'il"tll'lll funds. ~ ', lbc may _livc (thus ol'lt-tinu it means of cx

c  nurn ulm (In tll'lth' huntht from h i-- presston i_n tliosi- who iontiihnto :an pir-

" lml ceiil‘l WWII?“ Hit a» proﬁtably In \t-nt tlii-II‘ sitanplmg). inn-rutin and
lint a: mint- otlu r spin with :in equal piillsllt‘ll hits of llli‘ll'tllll'l'

unmt pi wimp-two In t‘. iii-vi.- we 1 is rum in: Iii-ho It) l4';|\'l‘ its

mm on the baseball squad who [IL'iltilillC and st-utvrt-timi llt'ilt‘ﬁlﬂl- um! lu-r

ililll.l come a (‘Olll]l('l|illl:lll of uliularly collect

llL'lllR true. I bclievc verse and prou- uhich will uiniraily

 

i: u be ilioppcil from the
Jls’ a student cuppoittcil unimpricn.
ln coiti'lminn l trust that the members

of the train oi prospective candidates for

 

Thu! H’nrlhluti‘ Fellow Platinum by Anton Chekhov,
Published by E. 1’. Button & Company, New ork.

$2.50.

A hitherto unpublished play by Chekhov would create
:t considerable ripple on the literary sea of any country

'o say nothing about the discovery of such a play a
“That Worthless Fellow Platotiov.” it is both :i ilra

:natic and a literary event to have an addition of such
a play to the literature of the world, John Conrnns.
translator of the play, tells in the short introduction

which he ltth written for it.

Just as twenty years ago no producer dared to no
“The l'ht-rry ()rcluii‘il" without being roiisiilerrd ii
tr nearly so, today any producer putting it on
surcd of an immediate sitcc 55;
this e: 'her drama of tlu- talented \\'lll(‘l' will find him
~(‘lf faced by the problem of finding standingr room in

 

 

'hc people who will come in sec the play and to talk

thont it over the tea cups in a hundred cities.

Then they will ('(i|l|t' again aiiil see the play. read it.

discuss it more and ﬁnally land it in such terms tha
lIL‘l‘C'Wlll be no doubt in the minds of their hcarcrs tha
here is another of the truly great works of the age.

The play is written. not in final form as the dramatist
usually places llH works before the public, bttt with

massages ready either for rewriting or for abolition en
tirely. Here we find the inner secrets of the artist'
timid revealed to us.

V The picture which we have before us in this drama
is rather more romantic than any that Chekhov at
‘ l

tempted before, showing us a Russuiu Don Juan wit

1 Hamlet complex, to borrow a convenient phrase suin-
l’latonov cannot say no

thing up the whole situation.
to the women who tempt him and never fails to cute
llllt) complications without fears and timiditties. Hi
conscteuce never troubles him. however. conscience
being conveniently packed away iii the background 0
the drama.

. The drama of, :1 Don Juan has never been worked out
in a more pecul:ar manner With a more different ending
bit

than this. the author thought that it was a
romantic, too much so for him; he could have reste
assured that it was not; but if he thought that it wa
qnite a poor vehicle with which to portray Russia
society, he could have considered himself correct i
his conclusions The romanlic, weak, nmoiirinis knav
who bad brains enough to know that he was a ltnnv
uvd lacked sufﬁcient ihnractcr to keep away from th

tire of trouble and tragedy certainly is tint a portrait

of Russian sociely.
In spite of this, littwtver. ihe play is ont~tanding ati

w:ll be l't‘llll'llllll‘l'l'll loin: aftcr mith of the plays nin

on the matkri have been catalogued iitider forgone
dramas and filed anuv Willi the writing.» of ycstcrytut
>i' Illt‘ .iltvlnpls \‘lllllll iwvcr tlitl get ililo print or

 

rc.
lilllll't'l'lltlt‘ lilt‘ plnv, one uni-«t haw \i'i'll ii and l

“1' II a product-r Illlhl ht- illlt'll‘nll'll in p‘ai-iin' ll hcloi
'ht- piiliiii' 'l'hi‘ic v. H lil' a pivot lit'ittt'iiu of ill
lvl'lllllil, .tt lirt from tin'o»ii\ null tilt-i lliiltt upwtm.
'ltiil. _'l|tin llu‘ II‘.iill", llll' ill I'll H-l‘ .ttl ll'l'l
t't‘l’l'.’ ‘il ‘Iti iiitfiih‘ii u of .i ill.i|ll.i illlitl \\lill min.
i‘lllll'iH'lt’t" old ..it lll'itl it. --lnil_\ o: .t l.])l‘ il|,|l.it'lll

 

IJK

so any producer taking

pint-us on in- tt':lui will \‘lt‘w lilt‘ matter
in HIV liulit In which have attempted to

> t n; that llt'V will not construe this
_ V I in czisl any ilispatavuincnt upon their
n‘lilltt’n as p ayers or upon the team as a

 

,.
I

 

uhulr. Nothing H art in from tuv
thought. My out- purpose is to place be-
iri: llll llV'Ntil‘lillliill lllt‘ results of some
ntorc or l ca 'l'ul analysis, hoping that
e mull-pt lltttly will inquire iiitn tlit
"tailor and l)l' yiiulril by the rcsults of
5 lllull‘ own int-t-~tir:iipnt.
'e.y tiiily yours,
- W' ‘ri'n It (lwhtane, 'JO

{imam—Fm cu
m cm scuoors
AND srunr HERE

'l'wti seniors are teaching in tlu‘
ntth t‘ high school and in a private
lt'iiLlL'lll)' of the city. l‘idwili'tl Thom—
will, '30, is conducting tlirec chemis-
l'ry classes at Albany High school
troni 8 to 1 o'clock every day. lie»
\IIIL‘S teaching ﬁvo hours each day lll
\lliany High school, Thomson at-
tends classes here. l'lyde Slocum.
'28, also taught itt Albany High
school when a senior, substituting for
one of th eregular teachers. who was
absent.

Michael Tepediuo, '30, is teaching
‘wo classes in French at the Christian

t

I.

t
l

S

 

llrotvlicrs' academy. He is also at-
; tending classes here.
CALENDAR
r Today
5 Student assembly. Auditorium,
5 Page hall. llle A. M.
f omorrow
Biology club snow party at
Buses leave

Camp Cogswell.
‘college 9:15 A. .
(1. A hike to Camp Co 5-
well. Leave college, ' Ell“.

Sunday
nceting. Loun e, I’a't'
:30 l’. M. K L

(l
s
n
II
c
,.
e

Menorah l
tall. 7
Monday
Gill's basketball game. seniors
and sophomores. (iyninasinni,
Page hall. 5:00 1’. M

Tuesday

il

 

(.lt'th. s dismissed at Sill) l’. M
" until Thursday, 8:10 A. M
Meet

,.

Suphonioic sleigh i'itl
a 1

:il i'iillt'ui', “Hill l'
Wednesday
flit-it's inlciila s 'lhall gaiitc,
)lllllllln and will is (lyinna

C.

 

 

l l

i

 

4i tl‘llll‘li Hartley liliiaiy. 4:15
'l'liiitsd.iy
‘t‘.t>ti| ll‘H llillll. lltill limit
‘ till i‘ li.ill Hit I’ '\l

 

chillyt‘il, and, or which mvt-ty lilt'ltlbi'l'
our College can be piouil.

Sincerely,

Lawn-urc- ('

ilfYouAs -1

i __<§u<__ _ _ ..

Should the student association
send a committee to Governor
Roosevelt to petition for remodel-
ling the auditorium of Hawley ball
into a library?

'Jl

Newconib,

 

Warren R. Cochrane, '30: lly all
if the Sllltll‘lll
lake

itsetlcitilltill
an interest in li—
brary. who else will? Slate collt‘HC
should have one of the finest li-
brarics of the colleges in the state.
[t is a serious indictment for the
state to allow its to work under ilie
liniitcd library facilities which we
are now doing. Let us all do our
bit towards th'

lllCilllS.

doesn't 11,5

 

Louise E. Dubce. 30- I would
advise them to do lltis as we need
a. library very much. It is up to
the student association to take care
of this matter.

,‘Anne Savercool, ’31: Absolutely.
llie present library is entirely in-
adequate for the demand that is
put upon it by otir student hotly.
‘lllC appropriation is not worded lo
utcliide remodelling of the auditor—
tum, and library material is an es-
sential part of the curriculum.

‘ 3 Of courscl
lm almost certain that the govt-r—
nor thl come through when he
sees the facts which were so ilearly
brought out in last week's Nl-LWS.

 

Babe Kaplan, ' .

’Anne T. Moore, '30: Yes: I lit"
cvel‘we should send a committee
It) (.ovcrnor Roosevelt in oitlri‘
lliiit the matter may be brought to
his attention. If he l‘t‘itilll'ﬁ lIHW
much we need a libraty. he will
prtbiihly have something done
about it.

 

Mary Nelson, ’30: i think no
\llillllll

 

.xtllli .i l'lllltllllllt‘l‘ It) the
inrvi-rtui' lll‘ltlll\(' no mill-He that
I him“ ill |.i»- it pintrly nit villi-n
lull lltnll .t lillt, .tittl icii.iiiil~.

i t t lil‘llirlt i~ lllwltlollthl l'v‘

l ll innit ,lllil \\ ill tl til ‘lill
l‘ .t hit ll‘. \i‘tlili \tuiiiii ill‘ .i
li‘l.l lli litl .-.t.til

 

 

