 

 

\ by letty'Steh ‘ . , 1
Robin and.  ' Will'ums have been described as a musical duo with the

ability to ‘rad'lteeharisnia to an audience even without singing“. Be that as It

may. their varied talents as‘both singers and all-around entertainers will be

available to evayone tonight at the Freeze-Dried Coffeehouse in the
Assembly Hall.‘

Their repertoire runs the gamut from traditional to folk and country and
includes some original material as well. One of their specialties. however, is
digging up underrated. overlooked material of other songwriters that, if not
for them. most listeners would probably never get the opportunity to hear. In
fact. one of the songs they perform. Morning Paper. was written by Jack
Hardy. who appeared at the Freeze~Dried Coffeehouse here last weekend.

/

Besides their talents as vocalists and guitarists. Robin and Linda have a
quick-witted humor that enables them to establish an easy rapport with
audiences of all types. It‘s the kind of rapport that, even for total strangers.
establishes them as the sort of friends everyone wishes they had.

by CS. Sentlno

As rumor has it. director Francis
Ford Coppola, working at
breakneck pace. barely managed to
pull “The Godfather Part II" out of
the cutting room and into the anx-
ious hands of the distributors for
Christmas release. The last three
weeks' Worth of editing was said to
have been crammed into a few short
days. Coppola himself commented,
“If I had three more months on this
one, I’d have a great ﬁlm."

After seeing "The Godfather Part
II" it is hard to imagine what Cop-
pola could have accomplished with
more time—his ﬁnished product is
indeed a great ﬁlm.

lloblt and Little Mme wlli be appearing at Ire Freeze-Dried Coffeehouse thls weekend.

» It should be stated up front that
“Part II” is a far cry from the in-
famous potboiler sequels that follow
hugely (or even mildly) successful
movies. This is top-notch ﬁlm-
making—a compelling masterpiece
in its won right that oushines the
original. It is also a distinct depar-
ture from “The Godfather"—
moving forward and backward in
time. Coppola picks up on some new
themes. vigorously expands on
others. and applies depth and color
to an array of fascinating characters.

“Part ll“_ (produced and directed
by Coppola and written by Coppola
and Mario Puzo) is devised as a
series of ﬂashbacks to the rise ofVito
Corleone (Roberty DeNiro) in l9|7
Little Italy interspersed with the
struggles and near-demise of
Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) in the
forties and ﬁfties.

The story of Michael Corleone is
picked up some years after the death
of his father. At this point. Michael
has ﬁrmly established himself as the
new Godfather—he‘s completely
taken over the Nevada casino rucket
in addition to his father's
businesslike Incrcilcssncss and
penchant for understated threats
(“I‘ll visit him soon"). Michael has
done well for himself and the
Finnily——-but it‘s no longcrthc “good
old days" and the complexities of
“modern times" (Cuban revolution.
Senate investigations, ctc.) almost
prove too much for the Corleones.

 bassoon 

The flashback sequences not only
provide a richly decorated history of
the Family but serve to delineate
Michael's character in comparison
with his father’s. The Little Italy of
l9i7 is a world of relative
simplicity—Vito‘s crime life is one of
petty robberies; Michael‘s is one of
intemational interests. And where
Vito is motivated by self-
imporvement and a sense of dedica-
tion to the Family——and this is the
crux of the ﬁlm—-Michael is driven
blindly by an obsession with the
Family.

Coppola makes fullest USL‘
of the characters who surround
Michael to underscore this obses-
sion. most importantly his estranged
wife Kny (Diane Keaton). his nd-
visor Tom Hagan (Robert Duvall).
and his pathetic brother Fredo (John
Carole). This ﬁgures we met briefly
in “The Godfather“ are here
solidifiedw especially Frcdo. who
Caznlc plays with marvelous sen-
sitivity.

Special note should be made of De
Niro‘s cunning pcrfonnuncc :Is the
up-und-coming Don Corleone, His
subtle and satisfying portrayal.
coupled with Coppola‘s cimple.
powerful direction. mingling of
murder and religious ritual. and
keen sense of atmosphere. make
“The Godfather Part II“ a uniquely
rewarding film. one that never
becomes pretentious despite its
scope.

 

dimes o comers ‘
4 POINT PLAN TO FIGHT INFLATION

 

'1

 

$1.99.

Monty Python’s Previous Record

phls "Please to see the King"

 

We offer an ever inflating selection i .

of sale L.P.s at the deflating price of

featuring this Saturday (for their loyal fans):

and-Anodrer Monty Python Record

Steeleye Span is back/

 

L

 

J

 

good artists.

 

84 central 'ave

Plus our High Flying Sale of British
Imports at the low price of $2.99.
Still offering selections of many jolly

Grand Funk

Elton John
Ringo Starr
Santana

Jim Croce

Quick Silver
The Band
Grand Funk

BLOW OUT SALE
SATURDAY, FEB. 8
New Riders of the Purple Sage

"All the Girls in the
World Beware”

"Greatest Hits "
"Goodnight Vienna”

"Barbo/etta”

$3. 39

WITH ALREADY LOW PRICES Er MANY UNADVERTISED SURPRISES

r9091} (3 98GB

"Photographs Er Memories”
quantiﬁes ltd

"Happy Trails”
"Moonday Matinee”

"We’re an American Band"
"T he Best of the Beach Boys"

At the Economical Price of $2.99

albany, new york

 II

 

 

 

 

I t/I‘.

exhibit"

harnesses-tat Wilda

FEBRUARY-‘7. 1975 ‘~

ipoorsreps in the Dark

_' To the Editor:

In response to the article "Return to an
Earlier Mentality" appearing in the ASP on
Tuesday. February 4. I am not sure where Mr.
Mayer is getting the information that within a
few weeksa ‘Dachau-on-the-Hudson" will be
opening up. Dr. Nahum Goldman, President
of the World Jewish Congress which met in
. Jerusalem on February3, said “that because of
the barbarities performed by the Nazis, and
the feelings of guilt that arose in the West,
anti-Semitism hasdeclined tremendously." As
a matter of fact. the position of Jews,
particularly in the United States is so
respected that “There is no real danger of a
new holocaust. of pogroms, or of a denial of
the rights for the Jewish people."
Indeed. it is Mr. Mayer who is behaving
most like a German of the I930‘s. It is he who

‘ is jumping to absurd conclusions, hearing

footsteps in the dark. imagining conspiracies
brewing. and in general, proceeding into a
state of paranoia. History shOWs us that when
anyone. repeat anyone. begins to act like this.
disaster is not far away.

Joseph McCarthy

Bod Connection

To the Editor:

In response to Tuesday's article. "Return to
an Earlier Mentality,“ one ﬁnds Mr. Mayer's
contention that the danger of an onslaught of
anti-Semitism in this country being imminent
simply does not hold water.

Today. no one can argue that the American
economy is not in poor condition. But to
compare the economic. social. and political
circumstances of pre—Hitler Germany with the
present state of affairs in America is absurd.

Pre-llitler Germany was mired in the midst
of horrendous inflation and then crippling
depression. America in no way approaches
this situation.

The political situation that ushered In Miller
was one of a nation that had its ﬁrst attempt
with democracy aborted. while the United
States is the oldest republic in the history of
the world. Thus. there is little resemblance to
the Germany of Hitler and the America of
today.

Also. IInti-Scmitism in Germany did not
suddenlyappear with ildVCl’ll ofNurisIn. Anti-
Semitism in Germany has roots going back to
the Middle Ages. Anti-Semitism in America.
if it does exist. does not reach back "quite"
that far.

Mr. Mayer points out that America would
not support Israel if it meant “no oil. Le. no
jobs. no travel. and so on.“ He states that for
anyone to believe otherwise is naive and is a
thoughtless individual.

Undoubtedly he is right. But it would be
equally naive for anyone to believe that the
U.S. would support any nation at the risk of
incurring irreparable damage to itself. To
eXpCCl llny country it) support another
country “to the bitter end" even ifit means Its
own economic ruination is irresponsible.
Would we support England at the risk of our
own economic destruction? Or France? Or
Uganda? I think not.

Mr. Mttycr then states that economics is
always superior to morality in this country,
Immediately implied is that support of Israel
and its policies of preventing the recovery of
their homeland by the Palestinian Arabs is the
"ll/J‘morully correct position on this question.
Without delving into the whole Middle East
crises. it is sufﬁce to say that this is an arrogant
and self-righteous attitude.

Ml. Mayer errs grieviously once again in
linking noti-Scmitism to anti-Zionism. He
Would have on think that the two sentiments
3" inseparable. Zionism is a political
Pdvemcnt. not a religious one. Mr. Mayer
InIInuates that todisagreewith Israel‘s policies
towards thedisplaced Palestiniansand its own
accumulation ofland (for that is the essence of
Zionism) is to bean anti-Semite. According to

.Fltnauaavnz. 197.5 .

Mr. Meyer‘s logic then. if one disagrees with
South Africa's policy of apartheid. is one then
anti-white? This type of logic isdangerous and
without foundation.

:‘I'he threat is that a large majority of
AmerIcans will not tolerate America's
Involvement in an Arab war...” The threat to
who? Israel? The U.S. Jewish community? or
to all Jews everywhere? Again. Mr. Mayer
makes a dangerous linkage between non-
support of the state of Israel and anti-
Semitism. If onewishes not to support a war in
South Vietnam. is one then anti-Oriental? Mr.
Mayer continuously confuses political leaning
with racism.

Doubltess, the right ofJews to practice their
religion in America would not be seriously
threatened if Moslem forces were to defeat
those of Israel.

Edward Moslunder

Tuneln

To the Editor:

I would like to briefly addressa matter that
is of great importance to this University, our
radio station. WSUA.

It would not surprise me if you took this
remark about WSUA as lightly as Idid before
we temporarily suspended broadcasting at the
beginning for this semester: since that time.
through many telephone calls and letters. I
have learned of the importance with which the
members of this University regard WSUA.

We at the Station learned a few things from
this feedback. Listeners told us of the value of
our Sports Deparunent. providing them with
sports information that could not be gotten
from any other broadcast medium in the
Capital District. We will be expanding our
sports reports. They told us that while our

news was good. what really got them listening
was our reporting of on-cumpus and
community events. Our news will incorporate
and accentuate these two areas. Our
progrummmg got some good reviews. some
not too good. But what wasmost talked about
was the need for progressive programming
\\illt II mix of the familiar and the old. a
combination which they could not find on
their radio dials. This will be the exclusive
programmmg format of WSUA when the
station resumes broadcasting Monday
morning.

The station looks at our equipment
problems in a couple of new ways now. We
were upset. because listeners were upseI. lint
we are grateful to have had this chance to put
cInphIIsIs on new areas. and to have direction
lor this Clllltllilsls come from the people we try
to serve.

The stall find I are excited about the
changes. and come Monday morning we hope
the University will be too, We have resolved
ourselves to make WSUA il radio station
which more people will listen to in spite ofour
equipment problems and our aging
transmitters. and our noisy signal. We think
that people who tune us in on Monday and
sample our new emphasis will continue to
listen in spite of the noise. in spite of the
. It is this that we willworkingtowurd.

Eric Goldstein
Station Manager - WSUA Radio

"burr"

Forcing the Issue

To the Editor:

The Friday ASI’ (Feb. l)proved once again
how racist and white supremlst this school is.
Right next to each other were two letters that

awanrnrupantlrnrs‘s " 

scan to exanpllfythe aniorlty V are.
First we have Wt Fidler of central Council
saying that money given to ethnic groups is
money wasted. Then. on thsvery samepegels
a letter by Ken Wax asking why, the author of
an article on bathroom graffiti put “so much"
emphasis . on racist, i.e. unit-black grafﬁti.
Shit! One instance of racist grafﬁti is one too

many! Whether or nottheletterwassupposed '

to be funny. what it“seally does is to expose
Ken Wax‘s racism and insensitivity to the
oppression of others. It is exactly because of
attitudes like these. racist attitudes that exist
not only on the campus but which permeate
our society, that make ethnic groups
necessary.

White middle class culture (which is what
most S.A. programs give us) is exactly that——
white middle class culture (it is also male
culture but that‘s another letter). Itvdoes not
relate to the needs of most non-white people.

I‘m sure that Lewis Fidler believes that he is
concemed with the best interests of every one
but it is time that we realize that the melting
pot theory is nothing but a dream. and a bad
dream. Forced assimilation is nothing short of
racism. whatever its intentions.

Nancy McNamara

Stomach Pains

To the Editor:

In Tuesday‘s ASPecIs Bob Toussaint
described the incredible waste of "food" in the
cafeteria. Personally. I would greatly prefer to
see my tray go intact into the bowels of the
kitchen. than to see my meal leave my bowels.
intact. fifteen minutes later.

Rick Meckler

A  It...  i

To the Editor: .

Coffeehouse Ctr-Chairman Jerry 

apparently felt obliuted to diced his guest
stars. the Central Park Sheiks. agaitut the
allegations of anti-Semitism made by Jacob
Margolin last week. His defense. however. '
consistsof what Joint Chiefs of Staff General
Brown would call ‘an unfortunate choice of
words." ldon‘t think we can afford to consider
a centuries old stereotype of the Jewish miser
as “a fertile pa stu re” for “good” jokes. Nor can
I easily believe that singer Richard Lieberson
was laughing at himself when he describe a
“dirty old Jew."

I wasn’t present when the song was sung and
therefore cannot pass Judgment. on its
content or ,on the spirit in which it was
delivered. Ilit's just that I was offended by the
perverse Iibérality that suggests the national
morale would suffer if we were deprived of"
humorous ethnic slurs. especially if they‘ve
been around for a “long. long time.” When
Archie Bunker. Maude or George Jefferson ‘
make some bigoted remark. it's not the remark
that evokes laughter but the obvious flaws of
the speaker himself.

Harold Kudler

The Albany Student Press reserves
the sale right reprint or edit Letters to first
Editor. Submit letters typewritten to C(
326 for consideration. Keep those cards

and letters coming. folks]

 

Castles Burning:

A Few Answers

by Ken Wax
Write all answers in this book.

Answer in a short essay. using full footnoting. the following:

Employing the spichotic nature
theory developed by Faustcr.
cntripidate the common locus

and interpolate the predominant
component of Particle Theory.

You have one hour.

Six minutes later. a funny looking youngster no more than ten or eleven. completely out of
place among the thirty or so other doctoral candidates in the class. stood up. He walked to the

desk in the front of the room. placed his answer bookletupo

room.

nit. and quietly continued out ofthe

 

And went. as he did cverday. to the boathouse in the middle of Fenway Park. He climbed up
on the big boulder in the back. nearly ripping his pants knee as he did so. to wait. For it was on
this rock everyday for the last 3 months. that he met his fairy-godchicken. Now what the hell isa
fuiry-godchickcn. you ask? I‘ll tell you: I don't know. And that‘s notthe least ofmy problems.

I don‘t know how to end this damn story. Absolutely no idea what to do with it. Zero. So what
did I do? I invented a fairy godchickcn to help me out. but it turns out [don't really know what
one is or what it can do for you.

And the kid.—who the hell is be? What is he doing in this class of grown—up doctoral
candidates? Is he so me sort ofwhiz-kid or what? But even more importantly—what is he doing in
my story? I never met him.

I don‘t understand the test question posed at the beginning of this article. so, I hope you're not
expecting an answer. .

And Fcnway Parkr— What‘s the story? Why. I challenge you. does it haVe a cat house if it has
no Iakc'.’ Why are all these boats stacked up. unableto be uscd'IWhatthe he Fisgoiitg on here?

Alright. lets assume the kid has gotten to the boulder. like he does every day-hey-why
everyday? Does he ever skip a day? What happens ifit rains? Can he meet thc'fairygodchicken in
the boat house if it‘s real cold? No? Well. who does this little punk chicken think hc‘is ordering
this poor kid around like that? .

If I were that kid. we‘d all be having chicken-roll for dinner and I'd havo my afternoons to
myself. that‘s what would happen if it Were me and that faggot chicken. I often wonder why
ficticious characters put up with this sort of crap.

Meanwhile. we have no anSWers to the posed question. and deadline is only two hours away.
Why. oh why. do I put myself through this? Big deal. I get my name in the paper. but who needs
this so rt of grief every damn week? I should be studying marketing. got that test Wednesday. Oy.,
when will this get done? I'm getting dizzy. let me sit down for a minute . . .

You're laughing. I can't believe it. you sadistic bastard. you‘re laughing. Why you—DO YOU
THINK IT‘S EASY? EH. PUNK. DO YOU?! WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME ISAW YOU
WRITE AN ARTICLE FOR THE PAPER? GODDAM LAZY LUMP 0F CRAP. WHO
THE HELL ARE YOUI WHY I OUGHTA BEAT— . . . I'm sorry. [didn’t mean to break out
likethut. Ijustgotexcited,and you know. . . . well. . . . lam sorry. I‘llbegood.fromnowon.l
will.

But really. it gets to me. y'know? Every week these little snots pick up their paper. flip through
the pages. and expect to see me there. Yeah. Yeah. Good oI' Ken. he'll be waiting for me. I'm
getting a little sick of being taken for granted.

From now on. there‘s going to be no more of this “Yeah. I'll skim thorough Cam while
taking a crap“ uttitude.

So listen all of you out there: it‘s gonna be a whole new ballgame. You‘re gonna start treating
me nice. You'll put on a clean shirt and good pants before picking me up Friday. understand?
And you can give me the eye during the week. too. No more weekend ﬂings.

Think I'm kidding? Go ahead try me. Either you shape up or . . . or . . . or no more sex.

m-.--mupﬁesjuugho

 

tut} iléldi‘l

 

 

 

