 
 
   
   
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
   
  
   
    
    
  
    
     
     
      
       
     
     
      
     
     
      
     
   
  
    
  
 
 

     
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
  
  
   

 

F$~.-w-V<7v-.~a, Nude he :

rt... “cw-{s

 

 tion braiding takeover.
The strike occurred when the ad- _

years by the wire services. Brown
university in Providence. leasthe
scene reeerlly of a four-day student
strike and a subsequent adm inistra-

 

  

 
  
 

rn'nistratibri announced it would cut
back its I975-76 budget by severing
irony student services and .ﬁring

son: 75 faculty manbers over the“

nest three years.

When University president
Donald Horrrig refused to releasethe
raw ﬁgures on the budget. students
calleda mass rally and held a vote in
which 68% of the student body of
5200 voted three to one to hold a
four-day strike.

According to administration and
student estimates. about 70% of the
student body took part in the
boycott and many professors.
against administration directives.
cancelled classes.

The list of demands the striking
students presented included:

Vlhat students have greater in-
put on the budget and be allowed to
reyiew budget figures:

That present health services be
n‘rrintained:

r- That the number of faculty not
be decreased:

«That the number of black
students he maintained at the
ctrrrcnt It)“; level or be increased:
Ihat 3500.000 be added to the

  

 

(illLlBtﬂfilt? erase

Friday and

Free with tax card

  

$3 millronﬁmr n a y _ _

The heavy at dent‘support’for the
strike. however. had little effect on
the Advisory and-Executive Com-
mittee (AdiE) which approved the
original budget submitted by Presi-
dent Hornig in its entirety.

The one concession the Ath
trade was to ask the Faculty Policy
Groups to study possible
mechanisms through which student
input could be increased in the
future.

In a referendum following the
Ath decision. 38% of the student
body voted: 8% voted to accept the

 
 

A&E report, 20% to reject the report _

and 43% to ask‘ the Strike Coalition
to "work withthe A&Eand use alter-
native tactics."

According to one member of the
Student Coalition. the low turnout
and “the results leave uswith no idea
of what the students want.“

On the day following the referen-
dum. black and third world students
seized an administration building.
contending that budget cutbacks
would keep minority group students
out of Brown and turn it back into a
“rich. white Ameriorn university."

‘Because we‘re on the bottom
rung ofthe ladder. wcjust had to do
something decisive. said Vincent
McKnight. a spokesman for the oc-
cupying group.

The sit-in ended peacefully when
students and ad ministration reached

it comnromi" and the sluden‘
'n'e'n' .
' ~_.r-

a?!

 

Gene Hockmon 
“ The Conversation ”

7:30 and 9:30

funded by Smden/ A ssociulitm

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Britten

Saturday, May 9 and 10

" volu

cupation.

The agreement 'lrcluded a goal of
25% more blacks and Spanish-
speaking students in each entering
class during the next three cyars.
more recruitmentofminority-group
applicants. a reevaluation of the
Afro-American students» program,
and acade mic and Iegal'amnesty for
the protestors..

Meanwhile. nation-w ide cutbacks
in student aid and rising collegecosts
have given birth to a rash ofstudent
protests.

Rallies. boycotts and building
takeovers ahve already been
reported at the State University of
New York. the Universities of
Maryland. Massachusetlsand Penn-
sylvania. Howard University.
Rutgers. Princeton and Brandeis
University.
_.._.——-———
____________.—
(CPS) — Financial pressure will
probably cause one out of eyery I0
colleges and universit ics in the USto
merge. consolidate or close down
during the next five years. a panel of
educational leaders has predicted.

The report. issued by the Carncige
Foundation for the Advancement of
Teaching. noted that higher educa-
tion may never again experience the
type of growth it experienced in the
sixties when enrollment doubled.

“Higher education is in the throes
of one ofits greatestperiodsoftra n-
sition " he re or observ

   
 

 

LC—7

             
   
   
 
  
   

 
   
    

  

 
 
   
 

CAMBODI MAP) Prince Norodom Sihanouk. Cambodian chicfol‘srrirc.
said in an interview with the Algiers newspaper AI Moujahid that ht- will not
ask war reparations from the United States. He siad to do so would “perrrrit
our uffressors . . .to believe themselves absolved in the eyes of I‘llsltrry “my
hunnnity." and debase the “noble sacriﬁces of our people and cllcttpcn our
already legendary victory.“

MOSCOW (AP) Kremlin leader Leonid I. Brezhnev expressed hope
Thursdaythe end ofwarin Vietnam will bring better U.S.-So\'icl rclilllttns.
He sent a cordial message to President Ford to mark the 30th annitcrstiry ril‘
V-E Dry. Brezhnev‘s letter to Ford. published by the ofﬁcial Soy rel news
agency Tass, said “substantial positive changesahve been achieved in Sm ici-
Anvzrican relations as a result of efforts made by our countries.“

WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate quickly passed by voice vote Thursday
a bill to permit President Ford to use previously appropriated military tild
funds to assist Vietnam csc and Cambodian refugees. Sen. Mark 0. Hail lt’IlI.
R-Ore.. said the measure could make as muchas S I47 million tiyriiluhlt- u Itilc
Congress debates President Ford‘s request for more than $500 million Ill
refugee aid. The bill was passed and sent to the House 24 llIIlltllL‘s .III'JI
Hatfield introduced it. No immediate House action rippcatctl t.k.-iy,
however.

WASHINGTON (AP) Twenty-seven senators Thursday urged ilmltrr\.ii
of legislation "rrcccsstiryto ﬁnd homes.jobs anda fresh start lor thiisc \\ lime
lives have been shattered by the fall of South Vietnam. "We let-I u is
unfortunate that to climate for consideration ofthis important isxuc I\ hr'lllg
shaped by the fears ofsome who are exaggerating thccosts and Ignoring IIIL'
responsibilities ofthe United States in providing help to the victims oi w .ir."
they said.

WASHINGTON (AP) The government has put into the mini lltc Il|\l ol

the I974tax rebatcchecks that are designed to help kick the cctrnorriy mil ill
its deep recession and into good health again. The checks. which tttugc ,. p in
maximum amounts of 5200. are turning up in Izixp rs‘ IllillII‘tth's this
week. A spokesman for the Internal Revenue Screr rid iippioyiz- 't_\
[3.7 million checks are being mailed in the first week and that .ill wt in
estimated 78 million rcbate checks will be sent by June IS. lotui .lllltrlllli oi
the rebates is estimated at $8 billion.
WASHINGTON (AP) The energy tax bill nearing. a show-down :i
House Ways and McansCommitteeis"toughenough todti rhcioh".r::rl ..
satisﬁed the President can live with" it. Chairman Al Illlntau, [M in: ~.r..t
Thursday. Unlike Ford'sproposals. the measure would raise lt‘tlt’llilgttv . r 
taxes and impose a tax on cars that have poor gasoline llllIL'itllt.‘

DETROIT (A I’) Bad news in the auto industry ran the gamut Iron: in.
worker to the consumer Thursday. Ford estimated it will but c to tttls: pom
up to $300 on ncxtycar‘s models. and General Motors said its special ht‘lli'
for laid-off workers have run out. 0 M saidthe depletion ot the Supple in. mi
Unemployment Benefit fund has crit jobless benefits in hull lot i‘» Wu
employees.

EDGARD. In. (A I’) 'Good Pope St..lohnsaid that any day I.\ .tcwul tint
on which to be born. and any day is a good day on whiclt todic." IIIL “with
Catholic archbishop of New Orleans said after a church robbery in wnu' .:
priest. a nun and a housekeeper were killed.

SANTA BARBARA. Calif. (AP) Avery Iirundagc. who w.i. gr ryl
president of the International Olympic Committee. dicd IIllIIstltl‘. II 
home in Grrrmisch-I’artcnkirchcn. (icrmany.

NEWARK N-J- (AP) Gov. Brendan T. Byrne announced IIIlII\II.I . W.
New Jersey will introduce the nation‘s first legal pick—your-owu r '-
numbers game this month. Byrnc said the three-digit gumc. Ctilictl "l’itl II ”
will begin May 22 fora six-month trial period.

BUFFALO (Al’l John Hill. 23. convicted of murder in the ~l.iy mg: ll .1
guard during the I97| Attica prison uprising. was sentenced Illtllulii. I - i
term of leycars to life. Ctr-defendant Charles I’ernasiltcc. 23. Itllllltl guilt. ill
illlcanICd second—degree assault on the same guard. drew tin llltlt'lt'l '1: v. in
term of tip to three years.

NEW YORK (A I’) Jack I.. Chestnut. former campaign Illrlllrtlltl tr ‘ *- ‘
Ilubcrt II. I'lumphrcy.wasl‘ound guilty'l hursdtiy olitrrtingingniul it. 
5' 21W) UlllilWlllI corporateduirymcn‘scontributions to in.- lli‘o ll...  t 'i
election r'acc. H

ALBANYi N-Ii-ulr“ I’l I'hc state Assemblyrtpproycd Icgisltri-nii I“. .: mm

“‘1” “’(luld return ll\‘c \vtuupum belts to the Iroguois Indians. hut i.rt-:-"‘-‘l
down ti suggestion to include the island of Manhattan in the putt-it's
“Would you permita n amendment to your bill togry L' leltltttllnu ltrtl  my
IIidnrns‘.’." Assemblyman Seymour I'osncr. I)-Ilr'oux. risked IIlt' \|‘-lllsirl -il
‘1‘“ 'bm- JU-‘il-‘Ph I-lsll. D’QIICL‘nS. “I brought this tip a “hill: tt_L'r‘. .n»! w:
“mum” Said “my didn't Whirl it brick." responded Assciiililyrirau It»: 
Ilurley. R-Way'nc.
g ""BANY- N-"- (AI’I’) The Assembly developed a seterc (.l‘il‘ ul ‘l‘ll't'
my" Wednesdil)’. with members lapsirtg intojokcs and \IIM‘L'IMIM It’nlk‘l
prgm'rc “I. “ gencr‘my hl’l'lntl ilgcnda with hcaulilul “L‘illllt‘l olilylyl-ﬁ 'I
oliyect to Mr. DiCarItr referring to me as an oldfogey in thecoiricyr irl \tw .r.r‘
activrty." exclaimed Assemblyman (luy Brewer at one point. to IIIL' Lilo" I"
of his colleagues.

NEWFANF" va- (AP) A 3i-yetrr-old mart flying a Itornc-iriiidt-nir piiur
was k'nc‘l WCdIWSdﬂy When his single-scat craft crashed lllttr .iri ril‘l‘“
orcm‘rd "ci" mi" Niagara County community. She ril’f'sdcpulicsstrul I)t'lllII\
A. Murray of Newfane was dead on arrival at Intercomnrtiniry Muiriuutrl
Hospital here.

“"AVANA (AI’) Sen. (icorgc McGovern said Thursday he pmuu‘cd ‘“
l‘tdel Qistroerrnnd Castrolike the idea-vol using baseball and briskcrhnluu
help break the ice between Cuba and the United States in the saint- wit) Ill."

"mg "0'18 d'PIOHNICY" helped thaw U.S.-mainltrnd Chinti relations

compiled by Cheryl Wagner and Matt Kuufuuor

 

 
   

 

 

l

 

   

MAY 9. 1975

 

' ‘- “L’aﬂtﬂMu—uvw'ﬁﬂu -

by David Winlelberg

The State University ofNew York
at Stony Brook has dropped out of
the NCAA (National Collegiate
Athletics Association). Polity. Stony
Brook‘s st ttdcnt government. voted a
2X"; increase for their athletic
budget but voted against payingthe

$250 NCAA dircs condemning the .

national association'sprinciplcsrtnd
Icirying the future of SUNY‘ sports
funding uncertain.

A spokesman from the S/ri/tiiiiiuii.
Stony Brook’snewspaperxcxplirincd
tlral lltc students there feel that the
NCAA is it “coachcs‘ anti trd-
uriuistrutions‘ organization and
that “they should lintrncc inter-
collcgiutc athletics since there is “no
student input"iu the athletic associa-
tion.

In Note-tuber. SASI’ unanimous-
ly uolcd .i resolution urging all
SIINY schools to drop out of the
NCAA tIIlllI an amendment to the
association‘s rule. which l'crltlll'cs
athletic adtisory botrrtls [it be utidcr
institutional control. iseuactcd. Uri-
Iikc the maiorily ol NCAA schools.
which are l undcd mainly by lhcirud-
muristrutions. schools in the SIINY
system support most ol their intcr-
collegiate sports through student la.\
moucy.

|)ti\c Coy‘nc. who attended the
SASIl confcrcncc explains: “The
proponcnts ol the original resolution
are working rrclitcly to attract allies
to their cause. lltc goal ol the coali-
IIrIIt is un \‘CAAhy-Iaw umcudtncul
to allow slicools where students sup-
port athletics (likc SliNY Alto hu\c
student majorities on their athletic
adyisory hoards.“

Coy'uc said that another rcirson
tor the SASII rccomrncndation has
to do wit hchargcsol sck ism directed
against lltc national association. Ilc
c\pluinctl that the NCAA \tus lob-
bying against title I.\' ol tltc Iiduca-
tiotr law passed by Congress this
year \\Il|L’Il prohibits sex discrimina-
tion III the lioancrng of inter-
collegiate sporls turd proyidcs lot'
cqual Itindirrg for men and women
per participant in each sport,

MW

Council member Coytic con~
tinues: “The problem is that there
Ittts been no interpretation or en-
forcement ofthe law (title IX). lfit is
enforced and interpreted as one
would expect it would be. SUNYA
and other schools where men‘s arid
women's funding is trrthtral would
he required to comply or forfeit all
federal funding.“

Kathy Malouey. Chairperson for
AAIl replies: “Our AAB program
was reviewed by an I-I.I€.\V. (II -ulth.
Education and Welfare) represen—
tatiye in New York City last summer.
They found no irregularities per-
tainingto title IX." She reports that
the NCAA will ptrt otrt a report at
the end of this month. based on
mcctings Iicld with the Natioqu
Asiociiuion ol Intercollegiate
Athletics lor \\'omcn. that will in»
cludc possible amendments to
NCAA by-liiws concerning sexistirin
iutcrcollcgituc sports.

Muloricy bclicycs that SIINYA
cart set a precedent on the \‘CAA
issuc lor other SUN Y schools. She
wants to “work witliiir lltc sy stem" to
change the NCAA by-Iaw's concer-
ning a student majorityou AAIl. Ily
rc—w‘ording lltcsc by-Iaws. which
could constitutc ridding “just a few
words". she feels that this problem
can be corrected. Muloncy also
asserts that “time is ltll important
factor" III negotiations With the
national association so that lhcycan
act by their January meeting.

At the present time. the state
proyidcs a limited uruount ol fun.
ding lor caclt school's physical
education program turd p t‘oiirbtts the
use o1 this money It)! athletic
scholarships. Any other budgeting
for athletics must come ltorn strident
tax. last Sunday. Ccntral Council
.rpproycd u 5149.5”0 budget lor

\All. without ol' the
\C \A issue.

father in IIlL' year. Coync wrote
tip a bill that would drop thisuuiyci-
sity' lrom the NCAA. but in
"ii Ist’leltms with AA Il urcut hers" he
decided zit the time“ not to irr-
trtiducc lltc bill to Central Council.

d iscussioii

   
  

 
  

    

  
  

 
   
    

   

 

 
 

I‘ll
I'|l

da\

.
.
t"; l

   

 

.4-.

I

r
—_ r" ----..-..

i

tn“ «anus—anus.

  

 

 

unluiix yet

The NCAA controversy may soon have an effect on intercollegiate sports at SUNYA.

Gun-Carrying Policies Remain in Question

by Betty Stein

‘Il's scary." said SA l’rcsidcnt-
clcct Andy litituuau. reflecting on
the recent iciclatiou that sc\cn
urcrubcrs til Campus Security
picscutly' curry lirctruns when on
duty, "It's so dangerous haying
policc on campus \\ tth guns."

llaumuri continued: ‘Iu ti i‘clttli\c—
Iy stile corrrriiuriity thcr'c‘sltouccd to
hate guns at all IIIllC\. ()ii ctillcgc
curripuscs.” be "they
shouldn‘t curry tlrcrri at all. It's ob—
\riius that they‘re disregarding the
policy and stitiieihrug has to he

asserted .

tlouc."
Ilut it has yet to be seen what uc-
tiou. it any. will be taken. Willi an

  

 

outgoing unitcrsity president. a
‘Iamcduck' studcul goycnuucul in
office. liniils lust approaching. and ti
score of problems corn pctuig Irrr slu-
dcrn scutrnicut and attention. con»
ditrons are far I tom id cal for seeking
it resolution to any issue. Ict iiloiic
one its controycrsiul as gun control.

‘I would hope that ii niryorrc
Iollrtws the law. it's lltc people who
‘dl'L' supposed to culor'cc them." says
SA \"icc I’rcsidcrit Ira Ilirnbtirim.
who had hoped to discuss the ISHIL'
with I’lL'\ItIt.'llI Iicnc/cl .iiitl \icc
I’r‘csidcirt Iltit‘llcy'. Iiirttltauui w as Ill-
loiurcd. Iiowctcl. lhul lieu/cl wortid
not be Ircc llllIII Monday til luurls
wcck “which is alittlc Irttc " Strin-

nroq "ion

stead. Ilirnbtinm plans to go lltc l?rr~
i\ersity Community CotiucillI'CC),

“I'm going to risk for them ll‘t’Cl
to tirakc a decision .is to whether or
not Security is III \ioltitiou til lltc
policy. tllItI it they arc found in \tillll'
tron. | wouldcxpccl that they w IIIwL'
to u that proper slcps tuc t.tkcu to
bring them into compliance with
policy." Iliiubtiuni ciriphusr/ctl that
he also plans in sec II IIIL'\ “I” “ask
llcnc/cl to suspend author r/tiliori Iril
hearing Iircarius. unless he ltuiiscil
authorizes it in an emergency . tlllIII .i
decision is reached."

I‘tll ()ulgrrury.I SA l’rcsttlcnt I’til
(intuit. III|\ has been inst ouc til
runny hoiubylrcllri that Iiuyc dropped
during his tidruuristration. “I was
shocked to hear that ptoplc wcic
\tctirilig guns on campus." stud
Curran. who lccls that lltc blritnc lot
allowing any Iltillx'lilllpllillltft.‘ with
policy does not lL'\l with student
lcatlcrs: "I can't really Iutlit us tlll
that." slt\\ ('uiitiu. "Ilow lltc hell
can you IHIIU“ .itiy .irlu.iit.~.lrttttu
around to iutikt \IIIl lic's .rbcy trig lltc
rules. |‘ui\cry IltllllL‘lL‘tI tIi.it lrlttlu't
know about it; howcycr. it‘s not nry
responsibility to enforce it."

('urrtirr lccls that the blame rests
instead on administrators. "starting
from Vice President Ilattlcy right
down the litre to Jim \Villitutrst Direc-
tor oI' Security),"Curran would not

spcculiuc. IItl\\L‘\L'I. tur wlicllit-r "u
was itii.'oritpctcricr: on In» [Ilztrtlcy'sl
part or tIL'IlIlL'lttlt' ilisrrbcrlrcucc ol
lIlt' IllIL‘s "

A thorough riiyestrgriuori tll IIIL'
urntlcr |\ Ill oitlcr according Iri
(’utitiu In addition. Iic lt-cls llr.it ti»
trinity \Illtlt'llls .t\ pilssllik' should he
Ititidc :rwnic ol lltc situation
“I lit-\‘ic
\illllL’IIllllyl tihoul II t! .i lot ul pcriplc
.irt' breathing down their necks" ll

administrators protc uuluciltttrlitc.

gonna lie Irilcul to do

( iitrttu sttggcsh that "I’ossrhly. we
could take them to court I- itlicr lltc
situatiou's grit to he tlt. igctl oi the
policy's got [it be changed and I
wouldn‘t want to scc the policy
changed "

Allciiiig lltc \Iltlillliill may but III-
lliair sltrdcul

\ ice I’rcsidcut

tlc iiioic tlrlltt'ult
Iczidcts .rrrticrp.rtc
llttrtlcy. wlrcti
\\‘cdncstl.iy. said llitrt lie is standing
turn. "I still tutirnlruu that we're to
“MIT lltc

cotrtuttctl Inst

suhslntittnl ctuuplirtucc
policy " he srtitl, .iddiug. "We arc not
doing anything tlillctcrit now it)
[lirltlll't’ ill III DHIILA III-til \\ L' \\L'IL‘ II
year ago." Accord rug in IItirtIcy. the
Senate Committee "didn't want to
specify a lot til rules“ that Security
wotild have to go by. Instead. he
maintains. the intent was to allow
the Security Director to ti sc his own
discretion in determining the

ALBANY STU DENT PRESS

uiitiurrritii number who should be
zit urcd "onc that lltc
\‘cctu'tly IUIL'L woulrl lit-crrriiloitublc

L'illllpll‘

yt llII "

Itclctitng to Hit: l.icl Illill \\
|.iw\t'r Sturdy Roscnirluui docs not
concur \\lIIl his iutciprctutiou ol thy
policy. Iltirtlcy \llltl. "ury interpreta-
tion and that til tlrc .id Iroc cout—
router I\ probably better than lIlrlI tlI
\li Roscuhluur‘s. wlro rc.il|_\ Il.|\ no
t'\[lL‘l|t'llL'L' willi polrt'c matters "

llurtlcy did mention one .iltci‘~
name. "II we do not It.t\c sttlIlL‘
policy ol nrruing Campus Police.
then our option is to go ilic '\II‘l.III_\
City Police lhcy'rc .iII .iuuctl."

'\IIL'1I)IIIIIC sltltlctrl IItlt“ not \\I\Il
to \L't’ lltc options in being tlllltt‘ so
limited As he prrt II. ‘I Ictilly don't
want II to Like it wounded or dead
\Illlr'lllllll

student to gut tlic you

changed. I would hops w L'\ tlllid iii. it

hcloic their "

    
   
    
     

IIIL' ‘l/l‘lllll Suit/rut I'ri'iywtis
on: or sL'tl'll tiicrlttlist Irualrst in
lltc :‘Isl \nuiiul ( outcsl of the
Columbia Scholastic Press
Association.

ISII‘) newspapers and
inugrt/incs were submitted. The
rISI’ scored 955 points ottt ol'
ltltltl.

 

PAGE THREE.

 

 
  
 
  
   
   
   

 

r
i
r

 

 

 

 

