 

|‘- T

Federal Energy) V L

, reports be it worried that

soon; may extend vacations to ‘_ ‘

I . energyeosts; - .1 . ,.

Baird‘s concern comes on the heels
of reports that‘uni'vertiities are being
hit bird by rising energy costs.“

Baird» states that while’ reducing
energy consumption is necessary. he
feels that closing schools to achieve
this goal is‘wasteful. Baird points out
that when students go on vacation.
they use energy in their homes and
cars anyway.

Baird is récommending that the A

government attempt to encourage
schools to renovate. buildings or

build new ones which use energy

more efficiently.

JUST REMEMBER,
HE WAS ALONE

(ZNUS) A Rome film-making
company. Spectacular Productions.
has announced plans to ﬁlm an X-
rated movie on the sex life ofRobin-
son Cntsoe. It will be titled. of
course. Never on Friday.

TALK ABOUT
“LIGHT MEALS"

I (ZNS) An Assistant Professor
of Food Sciences at the University of
Georgia is currently attempting to
make chicken feathers a food ad-
ditive of the future.

Professor John Cherry states that
poultry feather protein is used extcnw
sively in animal feed now.

Cherry says that ifthc poultry pro-
tein could be extracted. cltickcn
feathers could cvcrttually be used for
dog and cat food. and perhaps even
in the human diet.

BATTLING THE
ENERGY CRISIS:
KEEPING OUTER SPACE
WARM

(ZNS) The British magazine
Spare/Tight reports that the Soviet
Union is attempting to create solar
furnaces for use in orbiting space
factories of the future.

Spur'rf/Iig/rl states that Russian
scientists are now testing dish-
shapcd solar mirrors which crcttte
very high temperatures by focusing
and capturing sunlight.

At those high tetnperaturcand un-
der conditions ofweiglttlcssness. the
magazine says. the Soviets would be
able to create metals which cannot
be duplicated on Earth.

As an extttttple. Space/Tighlpoittts
out. under conditions of
weightlessness. tnetals could be
prodtteed which would be as light as
wood. but as strong as steel.

Such a metal would be ofgreat in-
terest to designers of space ships. the
magazine says.

REMEMBER ALL THOSE
UNANSWERED QUESTIONS
ABOUT

YOU-KNOW-WHO'S
CAMPAIGN FINANCES?

(ZNS) We all know crime
doesn‘t pay; but sometimes honesty
doesn‘t pay. well either.

Take the case of seven workmen
who found $2.4 million in the trunk
of an old car back in 1962. They
promptly turned all of the money
over to the F.B.l.

When it was discovered that the
money belonged to a gatttbler. the
Internal Revenue Service slapped a
tax lien on the haul. After a decade
of litigation. the Federal Appeals
Court gave the money to the
l.R.S. . . which promptly awarded
the seven wo rkmen for tlteir honesty:
they received the magnificent sum of
$4.590 eaclt. or exactly 1.32 percent
of the total amount they had turned
in to Uncle Sam.

PAGE SIX

Some Inner cities have s eclal scho .
little boys who don't talk. ' p 0's For

Not mute little, boys. But children so withdrawn.
so afraid of failure. they cannot make the slightest
attempt to do anything at which they might tail.

Some don't talk. Some don't listen. Most don't
behave. And all of them don't learn.

Eng clay someéindetftsked us to help.

0 a respon e y working with the tear:
Showed them how.through the language of plcliirGer:
the children could communicate as they nevercould'
belore. And the teachers sent the kids out to take
pictugesdeth their cameras.

n t on the miracle. Little bo 5 who ha
said anything, looked at the plctuiles and bggritenvteri
talk. They said "This is my house." “This Is my dog "

"This is where I like to hide.” They began to explalri

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' . W..w»-nw.wmw

i106 gezgriibgrhto communicate. And once the chan-
mun cation had
begamo'eam' been opened. they
I What does Kodak stand to gain from this? Well.
we r: showrng how our products can help a teacher
wart maybe creating a whole new market. And
59 re also cultivating young customers who will
tromeday buy'thelr own cameras and film. But more
win that. we re cultivating alert, educated citizens.
o Wlll someday be responsible for our society.

After all. our business de en
we care what happens to It. p d5 on some” so

“mum...

FEBRUARY 14, 1975

 

Carey Campaign Paid,
Editor to Lie About Wilson

by Russ Pulllam ‘

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP)— A newspaper editor who accused Gov. Malcolm
Wilson of a “deal” to gain Conservative party support in last fall‘s election
campaign was later paid Sl.250 that came froma campaign fund for Wilson‘s
opponent. Democrat Hugh Carey.

Assemblyman Daniel Haley. a Democrat who represents St. Lawrence
County. paid Michael J. lllrtirthe$|.250 from at $2.000 contribution made by
Carey‘s organization to Haley‘s catnpuign.

Haley said Thursday that Blair. former editor of a Lowvillc weekly
ttcwspapcr and an active Cortscrvativc party member. was paid for research
on the Moss Lake indian controversy. and not for making accttsations
against Wilson.

ltt rcvcalingthe payment Thursday. Republican state Chairman Richard
Rosenbaum said he could not prove whether Blair was paid for making
allegations against Wilson.

lilair lost his job as editor after releasing tape recordings which he said
indicated that Wilson received Conservative support by promising party
leaders campaign tnoncy and appointments in his admittistration.

Rosenbaum said lllair‘s action did not cost Wilson the election. bttt he
described it as a “factor” itt the fortttcr governor‘s loss. adding that it “left a
negative itttpact on tltc Wilson campaign.“ Wilson lost the election to Carey
by more titan lilil).000 votes.

“ This is absurd llalcy said when informed that Roscnbaum had revealed
tltc payment to lilair.

“ I he fact is. after Mr. illair lost his job for his rather courageous work itt
blowing the whistle on the deal where the Conservatives gave the nomination
to Wilson. iaskcd him to do some research for me. al'terthe election.“ Haley
\illd.

“l‘\c known him for years.“ Haley added. referringto lilair.und describing
him as a “rather bright guy."

When asked wity (‘arcy's debt-ridding campaign organi7ation had given
him the $2.000 contribution. Haley explained. ‘I‘m the ortly north—country
Democrat 

Ilalcy said ltc also told a Carey aide that his otvn eampaignwasiadebt.

lllair told a reporter that he had never accepted a bribe from anyottc.
adding that lie hasn't "the l'oggiest idea of what Rosenbaum is talking ahottt 

Blair said he revealed the tapes *on my own volition with no inducements
ltotn anybody...” that‘s what Roscabaum is talking about. he‘s talking
through his hat."

lllzttr made that accusation of a deal after tapingconvcrsations with David
littllard. “ho had been ntottnting a campaign as the Conservative party
candidate for governor until he tttct with Wilson in June.

Wilson. a Republican. received the conservative designation by offering
campaign moncy and cabittct appointments itt return. according to Blair.
\tlto based his charges on taped conversations with liullard.

The state lioard of Elections uttnounccd October 30. just before the
election. that it found no election law violatiotts related to Dullard‘s

withdrawal from the governor's race.

WITH US THIS
WEEKEND
AND GET ON
TO A GOOD THING.

Us means Greyhound, and a lot of your fellow students
who are already on to a good thing. You leave when you
like. Travel comfortably. Arrive refreshed and on time,
You'll save money, too, over the increased air

fares. Share the ride with us on weekends. Holidays.
Anytime. Go Greyhound.

GREYHOUND SERVICE

ONE- ROUND- YOU CAN YOU
TO WAY TRlP LEAVE ARRIVE

4:00 pm 6:50 pm

 

"New York saoo sine
Buffalo $10.55 320 05 5‘5 P'“ “'40 pm
Rochester $8.70 51655, 4.00 pm l0: l0 pm
Syracuse $5.40 l0 so 4-00 pm 7.35 pm

Ask your agent about additional departures and return tnps.
*Lcctves Irom SUNYA urcle every Friday.
Tickets on sale across from Check-Cashing.

DD DIIEVIIDIIND

...antl IBDVD TDD DI‘IVIIID ID "8‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 14, 1975 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

by Roxanne Reisch

Among tnental health experts attd
gay people. the need to pass a bill
favoring repeal of New York State‘s
sodomy law is long overdue. The
sodomy law. section l30.38 of the
penal code. states that t| person is
guilty of sodomy when he engages in
deviate sexual behavior. even
tltottglt he eonsettts to such condttct.
'l he minimum sentence for violation
of the law is three months while a
maximum term cart range as high as
fifteen years.

“This ahtiquatcd law tnakcs all
sexual acts between unmarried peo-
ple other than that in the missionary
position a crime." said Ted Aldriclt.
a lobbyist for the New York State
Coalition for Gay Organirat ions and
supporter of Assemblyman
l’assanante‘s currettt anti-sodomy
bill. “While tnany heterosexual peo-
ple violate the law. the enforcement
is unequal ttnd selective towards
homosexuals.“ Aldrich claims that
the sodotny law labels homosexuals
as criminals thus making them
vulnerable to blackmail. extortion
and police harassment.

.Ioc liorgovini. director of the
Albany County Mental Health
Association. .1 Voluntary advocacy

 

The First Major Film to Deal
With the Turmoil in Northern

"Trust or toss

Directed by Marcel Ophuls
"A superb and important ﬁlm...
the cinematic erray at its
"cry mm" Time Magazine
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
February 14 8t 15 8:00 pm.
PERFORMING ARTS
CE NTER

$2.00 General Admission
$1.25 Students or Senior
Citizens with ID.

STATE UNIVERSITY
iii NEW YORK AT ALBA"

 

 

organiration for consumers of men-
tal health services. believes the
sodomy law contributes to mental
health problems. “The law places un-
necessary pressurc on people. par-
ticularly on the homosexual popula-
tion. (iay people find themselves ina
very desperate situation. Many of
tltcm won‘t seek counseling for fear
that their behavior will be labeled il-
legal."

The sodomy lttw reflects the usual
putdown of gay people by straight
society. according to Dr. Joseph
Norton. member of the Board of
Directors of the Albany County
Mental Health Association and
counseling psychiatrist at SUNYA.
"We‘ve got to relieve that anguish.
Repeal of the sodotny law would
also help parettts feel better about
their gay children.“ Dr. Norton
perceives repeal of the sodomy law
as art important preventive mental
health issue and has urged other
mental health associations to sup-
port the anti-sodomy measure.

While the law remains harsh itt its
treatment of deviate sexual
behavior. it appears that a ntore
liberal public acceptattcc of
homosexuality is emerging as
evidenced by tltc findings of a fottr
year rtational survey undertaken irt
[970 by the lttstitutc for Sex
Research. Althouth nearly two
thirds of the American adults
questioned still viewed homosex-
uality as obscene. 70% "sorttewhat
agreed" attd 38% “strongly agreed"

 

What the hell

does
S.A.S.U.

stand for?

 

 

 

gamma-n—--uulna-uln--—---—--uu-------------

: from the people who brought you

FORT LAUDERDALE

—- Easter Recess —-— $ 5 5

same price

Cooper 205

 

---------------clip out and sav

round trip

accommodations as low as $55 (triple occ.)

457-4024

MIAMI FOR $55

 

that what consenting adults do in
private is no one else‘s business.

Chances for passage of the bill are
improved because of more liberal
public attitudes. but the fear and
public misunderstanding that con-
tributed to the defeat of an earlier
anti-sodomy bill. introduced in
1972. still exist today.

Basic Civil Liberties

“The subject is touchy and em-
barassing." Aldrich said. “Some
people confuse sodomy with bestiali-
ty. Others are afraid that they will be
construed as endorsing free sexual
activity. We're not asking for free
sexual license but for our basic civil
liberties."

Dr. Norton agreed that people
have misconceptions about the
meanittg of the sodomy law. “When
people hear the word sodomy they
immediately think of sin and evil. it
makes tltcm cringe." The bill favor—
ing repeal of the sodomy law does
rtot support abolition of punishment
for scxttttlaclscomtttitted by force or
with children or in public places.
Norton added.

Equal Rights

Legislators ltide behind the il-
legality described in the sodomy law
to vote against fair housing and
employment protection for
homosexuals according to Aldrich.
A second bill proposing to antend
New York State‘s anti-
discriminatiott law will soont he filed
lit the Assentth nttd Senate. The bill.
it iiilsst‘d. \\ott|d rccogrti/e the rights
of homosexuals to obtain employ-
tttettt. housing attd education
withottl discrintinatton.

"Passage of the bill would give
homosexuals concerned with jobs
and housing a sense of security and
ptolcction so they cottld come out
.llitT pa rtictpntc more fully with the
public." Aldrich said. " This will
make it easier for guys to seek
guidance if desired ann cont—
mttnicate utth others itt a manner
not only acceptable to ourselves bttt
to tile \\Titlll.' \ttCTL'T)‘."

'unu.

michael erwin tom e.g. :

eI--------------£

PAGE SEVEN

 

 

 

 

