‘ These two sets of dates plus the
names of two of the romantic world‘s
favorite lovers may at first sight seem
incongruous. Yet. on further in-

 

vestigation, they turn out to be the
dates of the Roman poet'Vergil. the
sub-title of book four of Vergil‘s
epic. the A eneid, as well as the name

we

of an opera, and lastly the dates of
Henry Purcell, the opcrn‘s com-
poser.

In England. the supreme cham-

Dido and Aeneas has bien transposed Into operatic torm trom Vergll's epic. The above scene portrays

the death of Dldo by Tlepolo.

' pion of mu

pdetry was.
career culminated in a series of
dramatic operas dedicated to this
principle. Although Dido and
Aeneas U689). like many other
works of English genius. reveals'its
as highly susceptible to
various inﬂuences both native and
foreign. it is a creation unlike any
before it. and .it maintains a
sovereign superiority over any
English opera to appear since.
Henry Porcell was born in Lon-
don and spent much of his early
career in the Chapel Royal. ﬁnally
attaininga position as organist there
in 1682. In addition to his famous
Dido and Aeneas. he gave careful
attention to church music and reﬁn-
ed the usc'of solo voice, chorus and
orchestra. His idiom derived
something from French and Italian
inﬂuences. but his style was always
recognizably English. The
astonishing variety and marked in-
dividuality ofl’urcell‘s contributions
to the music‘world may be con-
sidered compensation for the
shortness of his life.

Forbidden Passion

Dido and Al'ilt’llA‘ was l’urccll's
only opera. in the strict sense ofthc
word. Like the Commonwealth
Masques itwuscomposcd not for the
professional stage but for school per-
formance. Though linked closely
with the masque. it is still genuinely
operatic. in that vocal music is
predominant and dancing only takes
a subordinate place. Nahum ’l'ate
rewrote the libretto for Purcell. and
it is wholly suitable for musical set-
ting.

The story in its essentials is
Vcrgil‘s. Aeneas. flccing front ruirtcd
Troy and bound for Latium, is

driVen by sto inio Carthage.
where the widowed Dido reigns as
queen. Proitimity leads to passion,
felt and reciprpcated; but the gods
forbid theirunion. Aeneas sails away
to fulfill hisdestiny in Italy and Dido
ends her sorrows with her own hand.
To this simple story the poet has
merely added the witches, as sym-
bols of the malevolence of destiny,
modified the tragic ending by mak-
ing Dido and victim of a broken
heart. and given Vergil’s Anna the
name Belinda.

Operatic Austerity

Dido and Aeneas is it masterpiece.
but certainly not flawless; yet. it will
always hold our admiration and
affection for its penetrating revela-
tion of the profoundcst secrets of
human passion. Naturally. there are

. certain differences between Vergil‘s

poem and l’trrcell‘s opera. Some of
these are: upon the appearance ofthc
storm. the two lovers hasten back to
the town and not to tire solitary
shelter of Vcrgil's cave. and Acncas
receives word to leave via Mercury
sent by the witches and not by
Jupiter. l’crbaps. also. the opera is
so swift moving and so simplified
due to the bclicftliat the intensity of
tragic art isrittaincd through spartan
concentration, through stripping
away of all flamboyant and episodic
intrigue. in fact. through bald
austerity.

For those who enjoy the beauty of
poetry and music. the double enjoy-
ment and pleasure of both can bc
theirs right here in the metroland
area. Next Sunday. April20. |97S.at
Sicna College in Loudonville. a
production of the opera. Dido and
Aunt-us, by Henry Purcell will be
presented under the direction of the
renowned Judson Rand.

 

bustin' out

W hat tuna

lou read
live

 

dovid bowie
young americans

YOU CAN BUY TWO OF THESE ALBUMS FOR
LESS THAN THE PRICE OF ONE NON-STUDENT
TICKET TO FRANK ZAPPA (offer good 4-18 - 4-25)

‘Il

PICTURES AT AN EXHlBlTlON

pure prairie league

 

deadly nightshade

america's favorite
leslie west

the great fatsby

 

MON 8: TUES ONLY
(april 2i 8. 22)

THE DOLLAR DOWN DOZEN

99¢

rosolie sorrels

ralph mctell

youngbloods

freddie bubbard black angel

age of atlantic (with led zeppelin song
not available elsewhere)
three ragas

ravi shankor
plainsong

ielferson airplane

otis redding history of otis redding

nico marble index

whatever happened to the

rock festival
beginning british blues
roland kirk natural black inventions:

(with ion motthews)

long john silver

& MANY MORE

l3 iii (3 98GB

84 control ave.

girl that was

root strata

 

 

 

PAGE 8A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

APRIL 18. 1975

- -.a~...~.u...,_. ,,,, h

.. wise ...ao.-c..;~~.d.r

 

 

Can | Have
v This Dance?

To the Editor:

lam writing in what will probably bca futilc
attempt to correct your blind ignorance and
gross lack of taste. as displayed iii the March
lit issue of the ASP.

On page three. yOll printed a photograph of
me performing a dance in 'l‘El.E'l‘l-ION 75;
your caption read “A Male Belly Dancer."
Opposite this picture yotr printed it
photograph of ti female International student
witlr the caption “A Female Belly Dancer.“ l
would like to point out that neither of its was
in fact performing a belly dance; the woman
was singing and lwns performing a Moroccan
Modern Dance. You will notice. incidcntly.
tlirit tltc woman was holding a riticropliorrc
and that my costumc in no way t‘cscttihlcs that
ol a Ilclly Dnncer‘s.

Ihrs type ofsltoddy writingis indicatnc ot a
mind which cart think only irt L'ltCltL'S rind
stcrcolypcs. with no consideration for
imli\iduti|ity. creativity or artistic c\ptcssiott.
Suclr writing is not worthy of thc rmntc
journalism.

' |.tt|tiom \loirrrir

Your Influence Counts

To the Editor:

I am writing to announce to Altintrii Quad
students that the letter writing criniprirgri to
savc the SUNY budget is coming to Alumni
next week.

Students will be writing letters at ttrblcs on
dinner lines. We‘ll look up your lcgislritor‘s
names if you‘re not certain ol tlicm. lry amt
bringyour own pen. but ifyou can't. n'x \ttll rrll
right.

I know that there are many rcsidcnis of
Alumni who will wish to lake thisopportumty
to assure it fair shake for SUNY irt ilrc Strrtc
Budget. After all. who wants fewer Draper
buses next year‘.’ Who wants larger student-
faculty ratios“! Who wants liigltcrdorm rtitcs'.’
Who wants a school wcakcrtcd by cuts in
library and general services“!

Remember. your participation in tltc lcltcr—
writing campaign -—--to save tltc SUNY
budget—will help students at this school and
state universities across the state.

Peace with Honor

To the Editor:

The opinions expressed by Ditvrd lroctlt'l'
in his column “The lind of tire American
Century" in Tuesday‘s (April ISIh) .‘lS/‘ill‘t‘
similar to what We come to expect lrom such
‘flibcrals" as James Rcston in tltc .Vt’ll l'urli
'I'iim's. 'l‘rocger doesn't realize that it is thc
attitude itself, that our coriimitntcrtt mustn‘t
hc “in vain." that has destroyed all respect for
American foreign policy.

Does he feel that the corrupt.
government of'l'hicu is "viable?" l’hicii's only
claim to power is his bucking by the American
government. which is responsible tor the
imprisonment of n quarter-million of his
l’ltliticrtl opponents in American-built tiger
CHEW. lfbttt one life. rather than hundreds ol
thousands (American and Vietnamese) h..d
been given to support of this pcttytlic1rrtor.it
would have been in vain: not $l50 billion or
“ﬂy number of additional lives Would llilVC
changed this. The more lives iitid the more

lnscist

money that go to support repressive regimes.
be they in Indochina. Chile or anywhere. the
more that will be wasted.

As long as people like Trocgcr still think in
terms of American “honor” and "influence."
the American government will feel free to
support wars and dictators wherever it
chooses. "Peace with honor“ was Nixon‘s and
Johnson's convenient excuse for continuing
support for the governments ofThieu and Ky.
th 'l'rocgcr still wants the president to regain
additional warmnking powcrvwill be ever
Icurn'.’

Billy Krctitcr
l’cacc l’rojcct

n-'W'Y‘~“VV .
r bursts THE Re.) to?
bt‘OIL rriE mum

Housing Hassles

lo llrc laditor:

loirt .lllltit t t\l‘ '\|\l|i Iiili) coiti'crmng
Ilrc Iotlcri “\\it'lll tlmt \\1I\ tllxllllllt’ti oit
\loirtlrry ‘~\.l\ .tliillllt’l lrric L'\i|lll|‘it.' of tour
I am rclctrrng to thc

\\ c|t\ .il lrrxt lClllSk‘ti. their

.rct'ttttitc tcportrtiu
Iol‘ronmg \L’Lliiiit
Sillltlltlllt'tiil loiim trim llt.tl Sunday i.‘\L'Illitg.
(According to \illlltt‘\ Ill Sltiilcrtt Association.
\\ clty‘s \ltjit'tlul. licun llrouit. o\cr'rttlcd thc
housing sttpcrintcmlcttt.)" llirs ts :tbsoltltcly
utcorrccl. l “as ril\tll\L‘tl ru lilt‘ group that
spokc to Dr, \\c|t_\. Dr. \\’cll_\ did ill lirst
rclitxc to sanction tr lottci) xtstcni c\pltiinittg
tlttrt ltc nonld tirkciictron to ritstttutc ri lottcry
on other quads “lien and it it became
necessary. Attcr listening to thc groirp ably
prcscut thcti CIISL' Iiirthct‘. Dr. Wclty dccidcd
to talk \\ rtlt atllllt: of his stril|.itrimc1ythcl'ivc
quadrangle coordinators. gct their opinions
and make a tiCClSltlll as to uhcthcr to institute
tltc lolth on the other q uads. llc indicatcd to
tltc students that ltc would iitlor'm them ol his
decision that night.

Alter \ttilt‘lllllg lhc opiition‘s it four
quadrangle coordinators (the fifth wits
unritrirlrihlc). Dr. \l’clty mudc tltc decision to
put the lttllct‘) m on tlrc uptown quads. 'l ltc
don ntonn coordrrttilor “as not available and
hc “tilllctl to discuss the situation with her
sincc tlrc dountoun dcmund is rtcvcr' as great
as tlrc uptown demand. I was present dttring
tltc mccting \\ rth tlic coordinators. At no time
did Dr. Wclty cirllor rcccncn call liom Dcitn
liionn. Dr. \\’c|it rntidc thcdccision the wuya
good administrator should. Ilc consulted his
subordrnritcx. ltSlL'llL'tl to their opinions. and
made the dccrsron. I think Dr. \\'cltyshotrld bc
prurscd i|\ illl .ilrlc administrator. | lltl\c
known and worked with Dr. \Vclty sincc ltc
ltlsl round on this crirripus. rind ltc is a \cry
ilCCL‘Satltlc. cornpctcnt and rcrilrstic
tltltlllllhll'illtil

Your \tltch .\losci and \Vctttniun one Dr.
Wclty an apology lor making it sound as
though Dcrrn llroun mridc the choice by
o\crrulmg1)r.\\/clty, Dr. Wclty is more than
Cil prihlc ol rttnnirtg the housing
iidrmmstrrrtrorr. and I hope ltc decides to
remain at SliNl A lot a long timc.

As Irrr rrs Dr. Wclty acting on the (‘cntrril
tron. ltc gate the (‘otrncil a
rccomtrrcridiitions

('outtcrl tcsolu
dcridlrnc to subran liS
bccriusc ltc bird (I tlctrdliucto rrtcct to get all tltc
housing imitcrrals prrnlcd. Council did not gct
its resolution to Dr, Wclty by this deadline.
lhrx is no lilllil of Dr. Wclty.

As lill' as those SA sources are concerned,
riftcr' talking to the nritci (Moscr) and finding
out who his sourccs were and personally
calling the sources. no one stated lllill Dean
llroun ltnd mcl'rttlctl Dr. Wclty. Lew |"idlcr
tlltl on that SA hrid talked to Dean llrown rrrril
that lie Illlll hiivc trilkcd to Dr. Wclty. Arc
Moscr tllltl Wcimnan hard of hearing!

 

APRIL 18, 1975

I can put up with p ‘r orting in
areas. but when you imply that Dewar ,.
made a wrong decision and wasoverruled bya
superior. when lit for! hemade the correct
decision. you are going too'far. May lsuggest
that you make sure that Moser and Weinman
have the truth the next timeyou publish one of
their stories.

Robert P. Cavanaugh
Resident Assistant - State Quad

Two Across

To the Editor:

While perusing through this Friday's
cditron ol'thc .rlSI’ (April llllil. we have come
across an interesting sight. ()nc ol tltc
winner's ol tlrc Crossword l’ulzle
(‘ontcst llilS also writtcn an article for the
.-l.S‘/’, Irit Slitthrortsky.

l'ithcr you do not have enough winners or
you llil\L‘ tor'gottcn one of thc contest rules
\tlricli says "No orrc working on or for the
Albany Studcnt Press is eligible to wilt.“

Ilnrbur‘a Scrdcrrhcrg
.ltrdi Cohen

\‘uli': Sitii't' Illt‘ niS/“x pool ri/
i'i'l'lt'll'i'l'.\'. rliii/

Iz'r/I'Iuls
rqmrti-m, gru/r/iir til'll.\i.\.
ill/llliililllA ini‘liirlr'ri'u'ImI/lr ul/ .t'lllrlt‘li/.\'. il l.\'
illil'i'll.\4lilillllt' IU lltlll ()t'i'li.\‘ltlli(ll r'rmlrilmturr
li'illll n inning I/It' t'I‘iI.\'.\'Ir'rII'rl [tux/c. ’I'Irc
[llIi'i/.\l' "u rr/‘lring Ull i‘I‘I/ill‘” lll Illi' i'I‘ti.l'.\'|t‘iIi‘1I
puzzle rri/m Iiit'illi.\' r'rIi/oriu/ (until/twirl),
ililt crliri/rg. rurr/prm/iu'liuu .\ nil]; all ol'u'lioni
lrui'c r'rmlimmus I‘t'.t'/illli.\l/lllll r with the [HI/it'l‘.

Monasteries .
To the Editor:  _, ,_
. I am dismayed by 'the seeming lack of
insight and understanding on the part of your
editorial staff. I referto theeditorial appearing
in the March 20th. edition of the ASP,
concerning next year's Quiet Hall Housing.

The editorial seems to be under the
assumption (perhaps true for some. certainly
not for all) that the social life in one's dorm
holdsequal importance to the academic aspect
of college. for which many parents are paying
dearly. '

There can be no question ofthe importance
of“growing up" and learning to “interact with
others.“ Yet the reason why interaction and
growth must occur only at all-night parties
and with kegs of beer escupcsme. It seemsto
me. that a higher degree of maturity} is
necessary for a silcublc group of people to
learn to interact. while not depriving any of
their rigltt to participate in whatever they
consider of hightcst priority in college life—be
it partying or studying!

Quiet halls are meant to be neither
convcnts nor monasteries. There will be
parties held there. The dil'fcrnecc is that there
will be agreement. One suitc's party will not
itttcntpt rtnothcr suitc‘s studying. And of
course. as in till dorms. a Quict Hall resident
may attend any party on campus. if lie so
desires,

'l he ()tiict llrill residents are pcoplc.just as
all studcnts are. It isthc hopc ofthosc who will
livc there that otrr alternative will be tltc right
one for many pcoplc. We do not wish to be
"grinds" wc utcrcly want the frccdom and
responsibility of choosing our own prioritcs.
Amy S. lhildwin

TIM Albany Student Press I't'.\t‘l'l't‘.\ i/it'.\‘(ili'

right In pl'lili ill' will It'llt‘l'.\ (U I/Il.‘ t't/llrir,?

.S'u/imil [cl/mar 'I'l’I’I-jll'Ii’li'l'li/V Iii ('ri/Ii-
[tux (‘wi/cr Rimm 136.

 

Castles Burning:

 

My Porno Flick

 

 

by Ken Wax

I’ridc in on Rex Harrison‘s face. He is singing "If I Could Talk To the Animals." obviously
portraying his Doctor Doolittle character. As the song comes to an end. camera zooms out to
show hc‘s perched on it giraffe (Sheila). and quite naked. The giraffe. ltotvcver. is wearing a very

suggestive ncgligcc.

I)oo|ilt|c tries to cop a feel. btit Sheila‘s-riot that kind of giraffe. iirid she throws him off Fade

ottt as the giraffe .' ' 5 off camera.

I‘iidc in on the doctor walking down a grassy knoll Ilc comes irpon a young girl. She wipes
ltct‘scll off and gets off the bicycle. and starts talkirtg with the Doctor. While making
conversation. Doolittle opensa tablecloth on the grass. and sets up a picnic lunch with the girl‘s
hicyclcsciri as the main course. ’l'hcy crrt. then they start lunch. l-‘ride out as they begin dining on

the hitc si/c bits of bikcseat.

hide in on it panning view of the countryside. ending at the picnic sitc. Doolittle has begun
putting the moves on her. He seduces the precious young thing. takirtg her virginity. He later
gitcs it back to her. and she‘s very appreciative. As she rides away on her bicycle. now scutlcss.
sltc crisis a magic spell giving Doctor Doolittle the ability to talk to animals, The scene fades otrt

as she hikes into the horizon. pumping away.

('ii mcras on its Doc tries otit his new power. He mcctsa doc on the grassllcr names Didi. Shc
rolls a joint and asthey..mokc.shetclls himrtllabout thcrruimrilsin the forest. Doolittle wants to
know u ho the sexiest is. Didi tells him. for which thcdoctorgivcs hcra tip. 'l'hen ltc figures. what
the hcll. and gives her the whole thing. l‘ade out as tltcy blackout.-

l-udc in on Doolittle lookirrgdown into a mosscovcrcd vrillcy. l‘hcscxicst lamb in the forest is
down there itt that field. and hcwnntshcr. llc‘s propositioncd by ii gay animal. but that's anotltcr
rirovic (lice/i (foul). Right now ltc wants that luscious lamb. l‘adc oitt its Doolittle dcsccrtdsinto

the valley.

l‘il' and loom in on the Doc Do waking up the lamb. Slic yawns and opens her eyes.
l:xcitu.rcirt fills the arr as their git/£5 meet mid they start to speak. At first shc‘s mistrustful. a

little ulruid ol' Doolittle. but soon she gives in. This '~

some oftlrc most beautiful and meaningful

dialogue ol the picttu'c. Follow closely. it‘s brilliant:

_.,u

“In. Do yott tall for pick-up line..
"Iiuuririh. "

"You‘re l‘L‘lll cutc. y‘know. You really turn me one.

"Burma/r. "

n

"You remind me of a Irimbfricnd I once had.“

"/iriririrrlr. "

"No. rcrilly. Just like you. lleautiful cycs. btit you ltavc iriccr legs.“ (l-lc caresses her

lrimbchops.
"[filtiililti(lllmImIiI/ill lr/rlililrltlililililt. . ,. "
"Kiss me..."

they really get it on. engaging in SdtM. AC-DC. ll&D and Adrl’. The music startsupiis the)

plan to get mrirricd (reform service) Doctor ttll

d the bride to walk into the sunrise. Fade out.

lz‘rlilort' Noic.‘ link will he flit‘ last "(list/ct Burning" column milil ((IlL'i' Ilic SA [Elections as Mr.

Mix it running/in Srl President.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE NINE

 

