oval. atalda'

  The, Council on international
Educational Exchanges (CIEE) new
' Student Travel Catalog is required
tending for any young traveler who
3 wants to plan a trip that‘s bothfun
r ind inexpensive. Wherever in the
world a student is going in the US.

or abroad. the Catalog can help.

' Stud-it ID. Cards

First. there's the international
student: , Identity. ’ Card ‘(tSIC)—-
internationally recognized proof of
, student status carried by over i .000.-
000 students allover the world. The
ISIC entitles holders to travel on stu-
dent chartere’fli‘ghta within Europe
and on f loans and" Africa. On

presentation of the ISIC, students
may also take adVantage of reduced

fees at museums, theaters and .

cinemas and aworldwide network of
student hostels and restaurants.x’l'lte
Catalog also provides ,infonnation
on low-cost insurance. reduced rates
on rail tickets and car leasing and it
includes order forms for the best in
student travel guidebooks.
Money-Savhig Fllﬂltl

For everyone who is worried

about the high cost of going abroad

this year. the Catalog has informa- .

tion on ClEE‘s money-saving travel
group charter ﬂights. These ﬂights
are open to anyone in the

ties Money--

educational community.  reser-

vations and deposits stereq'uired'at, -
least 65 days before departure. The a

schedule includes over 90 round-trip r

flights. connecting New York.

Chicago. Ssh Francisco and Los
Angeles with Amsterdam... Paris.
London. Dublin and Madrid.

The Student Travel Catalog is free
and available now from CIEE. a
non-profit organiution that has
been sewing traveling students for
27 years. Write for your copy to
CIEE. Dept. SC,777 United Nations
Plaza. New York, New York I0017.
or 235 East Santa Clara Street. San
Jose. California 951l3.

 

cli

7pm

Discussion

 

CC 375

l i r
Histogy

. Guest Speaker: Mr. Walter Gottesman
Thurs. March 13

Sponsored by

me'

C.A.R.P.

Refreshments

 

 

There will be no tickets sold at the door.

There will be no extra shows.

li‘llll‘...

PAGE TWO

funded by simleni associaiion

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Compiled by Cheryl Wagner and Matt Kaufman
AGANA, Guam (AP) The Mariana islands. patches of American soil

62500 miles west of San Francisco. are likely to become the keystone of the
United State' forward Paciﬁc defense line as other US. military sites in Asia
are yjsed out. sources here say.

The ksiand of Guam already is an American bastion knd there are plans for

more big bases on some of the other 14 Mariana Islands.

CAMBODIA (AP) Rebel gunners ﬁred 56 rockets and artillery rounds into the
Phnom Penh airport. damaging two domestic commercial airliners and killing ﬁve
persons and wounding 22. authorities said. It was the heaviest shelling of the airport in
a Week. but the U.S.-linanced emergency airlift continued and none of its aircraft was
hit. intial reports said. The campaign to oust President Lon Nol also picked up Slcllm.

DUBLIN. lreland (AP) European leaders have secretly agreed upon a plan lltlll
satisft Britain‘s tcmts forstayinginthe Common Market. WestGermun authorities
said Monday as the nine member countries begun n two-day summit.

The sourccssnid Germany is pluyingn key role in settlingthe biggest issue Britain's
desire for a lower budget contribution to the economic community—by ttgiccing. in
effect. to pay more under certain conditions.

KUWAIT (A P) Algeria has made another slight break in the oil curtcl‘s price from
by lowering the price ofits low-sulphur. clenn-burningcrudc oil by 2| cents tt bttrrcl. otl
sources in Dubai report.

Observers in London had said after an earlier cut that it was difficult to tell what
effect. if any. such small reductions might have on retail prices of gasoline ttnd fuel oil
in the United States and Europe.

SAIGON. South Vietnam (AP) Tank-led North Vietnamese forces blustcd into [be
central highlands capital of Ban Me Thout toduy. battling defenders house to house
and trapping nine Americans in the city. field reports said. The Cymmunisls ttlso
overrun tt district town 30 miles from Bun Me Thout. the second in the highlands in
three days.

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford wants a Senate committee rather than the
Rockefeller l‘ ‘ ' to ‘ 'g " ' of CIA ' ‘ in plots to
assassinate foreign leaders. his chief spokesman said today.

Press Secretary Ron Ncsscn ttcknowlcdgcd that such ﬂn inquiry would be outside
the mandate of the Ford-cmpunelcd commission bonded by Vice President Nelson A
Rockefeller. which is investigating allegations of domestic spying by the CIA.

WASHINGTON (AP) U.S. District Judge John J. Sirica todaydismisscd charges in
the Watergate cover-up case against Gordon Strnchun. principal aide to former Whlli.’
House chiefof staff H.R. Huldemun.Struchttn.31. had been charged with conspiracy
to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury.

WASHINGTON (AP) Lttbor leader Gcnrgc Menny said Monday the nation‘s
unemployment rate amounts to it depression. The AFL-CIO president blamed
administration and Federal Reserve Board policies for creating current conditions and
said the policies appear to hnvc been ttltcrcd little.

WASHINGTON (AP) Author George O'Toole said Monday that
electronic analysis of [0 seconds of tape recordings conviced him Lee Harvey
Oswald was innocent of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.

O‘Toole. who once worked for the Central lntellignce Agency. contended
that Oswald was tcllingthc truth whenhedenicd any guilt to reporters in it
Dnlltts policc heudquatcrs hilllwtly. His. brief statement was rccorded by
newsmcn and analyzed by O’Toole with a method called psychological stress
cvttluntion.

WASHINGTON (AP) Senate Republican Leader Hugh Scott said today
the US. government should use llS much pressure as is necessary in order to
turn an immediate chitngc of leadership of the besieged government of
Cambodia. Scott said. “the aim of that policy is the urgent necessity of
ucurtng an agreement with a transition Cambodian government for th‘
release of the many thousands of refugees he said would otherwise be
slaughtered." ' i

I
BUFFALO (AP) A mun who was illl intntttc of Attica pflsun during the I97] rcvoll
lcsttlted Monday thttt fellow prisoner Charles J. l’crnnsilicc told him aguurd h..d been
killed. .l1ll‘
"l’homus Collins. 27. said Pcrnttsllice told him about the guard's death the third day
of tile rebellion. two days before the revolt wits stamped out.

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) All but four applications for registration by lobbyists have
bccn rejected by New York Sccrclnry ofStutc MttrioCuomp.who said lltc forms failed
to disclose cnottgh ttbout the lobbying activities. I, '

Some 280 special interest lrhliyists are being informed'liy‘lcttcr lilill Cuomo thnls
“u more specific description of tile legislation" they are concerned with. Cuotno ttcted
under the state‘s 69-year-old lobbying lllw u spokesman said Monday.

I’AII:II.AVNY.  (AP) An organization seeking reinstatement of free tuition ttt units
it t Sttue Untverstty of New York is tisking legislators this wcck to come up with it"
ttddntonttl 5H5 mtllton to ttcentnpllsh their objective I '.
The Coalition for Public Iii h' t ‘ ' I i ' '
g tr Education tn N- ' ' * ’

cmm sunduy- cw York/State began its lobbylntV
)1 rzilheothcy want u buck. they lind a buck.“ tillld coalition orgtiniier Mtu‘tin l.ttpnn
t w ork City-when ttskcd where the legislature would find the moncyWIIilD lllL'
slutc battles one liscul crisis nftcr unothcr.

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The Assembly

Monduythtn uppc "Pinon-d it "deﬁciency" budget

tired to point the wuytoustutcsut' ' '

‘ _' ‘ ' plus in the current ftscttl
 something that could reduce any need for new taxes in the new fiscal
I“libs bil‘l. which is slated for action and probable approval in the Senate
Mi: InI lite week. cut a total of $130.3 tnillion from Gov. Hugh Carey's
3 giant rcquestforthedeftctcncy budget.whichissupposcdtocloseoutslalc
pen mg for the current fiscal en ending March 3|.

 

MARCH 11, 1975

 

by Michael Sena

He looked just about the same. .
Except for a few more wrinkles un-
der his eyes he looked like he did
seven years ago'when he led his army
of innocents to defeat.

From the historic
March primary in
New Hampshire to
the Democratic Con-
vention. Eugcne McCurthy'sband of
supporters cmasscd. Yet the idealism
of the sixties turned into despair ttnd
disillusionment.

Thc grey-haired. soft~spokcn
Sctitttor focused the nation‘s con-
scicncc on the Vietnam War. Even
now. McCarthy still couldn't escape
Victnttm. The urge to say “I told you
so" was too strong.

Seven years later. McCarthy is
running for the Presidcncy ttgain.
But now be has left the Democratic
Party and is running as an Indcpcn-
dent.

McCarthy still hopes to build his
support base from students. “My
support principally will come from
those that supported me in I968w
tltc young people." the former
Minncsotoa Senator explained at a
press conference here on Friday.

McCarthy. now a professor at the
New School for Social rcscttrch said
that he has placed a thousand-dollar
limit on campaign contributions. “In
most campaigns you spend two-
thirds of your money criticizing your
opposition. The Democrats and
Republicans will take care of that.
There must be something wrong
with the two party system if Richard
Nixon gets elected twice.“ he noted.

McCarthy often returned to talk
about his glory of‘68. “In ‘68 lsttid
we should get rid of Hoovcr bccttusc
tltc FBI had become a personal
ficfdom—--which it looks like it hitd."
ltc said.

News
Analysis

“On Vietnam. both Robert

Kennedy and McGovern were eom- ‘

mitted to the - withdrawal of
Americal troops. while I was com-
mitted to a political settlement.”
Now we have a mess there. be ex-
plained. “We need a different
political settlement“ there.

Many were disillusioned when
McCarthy refused to endorse
Humphrey in ‘68. and eventually left
the Democratic Party. Speaking on
his former party. he said. "The no-
tion of imperial prcsidcncics is
what‘s wrong with the Democratic
Party. They have failed on the
critical issues. They have no real
poverty or unemployment
programs.“ Concerning the
economy he an id that the Democrats
are “still back with the same old
things like pouring more money into
theeconomy.They‘rebeatingthcold
drum.“

McCarthy believes that Ford. too.
acts like an imperial president. The
“only time Ford bad a chance to act
impcrinl. with the Nixon pardon. he
did." He acted as if it was his “per-
sonal power as king to pardon Nix-
on."

The “overpcrsonalizution of the
Presidency“ is one of McCarthy‘s
major issues. There‘s “too much or-
bitrary power taken in the bands of
the Presidents.“ be said. “LBJ used
the pronoun ‘my‘ too often—my
cabinet. my Vice-President.~wcll
you can‘t argue about that too
much." he quipped. “This per-
sonalization was taken farther by
Nixon. Nixon didn‘t use the word
my very much. he used wc~—Who's
wc‘! I didn‘t want to be included."

Dressed in a conscrvulivc grey suit
with white shirt and blue tic. Mc-
Carthy demonstrated he hadn‘t lost
his low key sophisticated humor.
"When he first came in Ford said he

Presidential hopeful Eugene McCarthy spoke to a crowd of about 450 here Monday. ‘ -

wn 5 his own man. then ltc said he was
cvcryonc‘s. when he pardoned Nix-
on he snid he was (iod‘s scrvcnt.“
On the economy. the Minncsotan
stated. “there‘s no reason our
economy should be so had. We have
the resources.“ He suggested three
programs; income support to deal
with poverty. redistribution of
available work. and rccvuluation of
how we‘re going to use our
resources. We should “reduce the
work week to 35 hours a week so that
live to six million can go back to
work." he suggested. if ‘We give
everyone a month‘s vacation and
redistribute work we could take care
of 75% of the nation's unemploy-
ment." '

Wc waste 35 billion dollars a year.
he explained. because our “autos are
too big and wasteful. We carry on as
ifttutosttrc natural forces “like wind
and rain. We should discourage the

continued production of large cars.
We should csltlblislt some national
stttndttrds its to sire and weight of
curs.“

Just like he did iii ‘68. McCarthy
l'CllCrillcd his claim that the
“procedures by which cundidntcsarc
chosen and platforms made, are
thoroughly undemocratic and un-
constitutional." The broader
problem is making the political
process more democratic. be ex-
plaincd.

Pied Piper

The former Senator. who in I968 '

was called the Pied Piper for the
youth. hopes to rekindle some of
that student activism. “In 1968 that

fight got you (students) the votczthis
is the first time we‘re asking you to
respond to thc rcttl political need."
he remarked. "I think apathy will
lttirt the Democrats and
Republicans more than mc—-they
bud Watergate. lfound hopelessness
on the campus in ‘68. McGovern
found it in ‘72.“ Yet lutcron. when he
received a warm welcome from
about 400 SUNYA students. he
smiled and remarked. "There isn‘t
ttputhy on the cumpuscs»—all they
need is it reasonable chance to do
something.“ Yet the applause he got
seemed to be more out of nostalgia
for the past. than out of present sup-
port,

Grievance Group Attacks

Unprofitable

Barbershop

Former Senator Seems Same

by Vinny Reda

It was standing room only for the I968 mouthpiece of
youth's discontent on Friday uftcrnoon. Five hundred-
fifty young people—«fifty over capacity—clogged lecture
center seven at one o‘clock in order to hear Eugene Mc-
Carthy attempt to gather support for another presiden-
littl try.

At 2:00 about 60 left for their next class. Ten minutes
litter. ubout45 more.not mindingtbcthought of being a
little late. also departed. it will be even tougher for the
former Senator from Minnesota. this titnc.

It will be more difficult because the campuses have
changed; more difficult because Mc-
Carthy has not. Except that he is older:
the grityhair now white. unable to be com-
bed back far enough to cover a balding
crown. The bags under the eyes are ob-

vious. the creases of the jaw and forehead more
pronounced. . ..

On Friday. students waited for it Bio l0l clussto end.
in order to enter the lecture center. There in little groups
outside. thcydiscusscd the relative merits of professors,

thettdvunlugcsto living off—campus. and their wardrobe.
lit I968. the scltool could not have held it Friday Bio
lUI class. if it tried/{ii might have lost a lecture center.

McCarthy acknowledges that certain parts of his ctun-
pnignwcrc cttsicrthcn. “The wa r was something that the
young people could stttnd up against." he said. llllt: Fri-
dtty cvcning. "Thcrc wnstt high emotional commitment."

lhc war issue uidctl him bccnuscin sayingtbat we had
no business being in Viel Nam. he was in effect offerings
solution: get otit. And solutions. for the most part. are
not nrcns in which McCarthy lccls ttt ltomc.

lie is it man who wishes to politically dwell amidst the
complexities of situations. Whilc regarding ttnswcrs to
ennth dilemmas is relative is an indicntion of Mc-
Carthy‘s honesty. it also cttn bc dull. H '

This method proved somewhat cliccttve tn I968
hccttusc the answer which young people wanted was
gcncrnl in nttlurc: ttn hum of moral responsibility. Yet
even then. Bobby Kennedy. cxpounding upon progrttms
with lofty confidence. stepped lit to steal his thunder.

McCarthy docs not have Kcnncdy to contend With any
longer. but he does not have at war either. And so ltc must
contend with himself. Applttusc therefore. was in-

Feature

Analysis

MARCH 11, 1975

J 7|.il.

frequent. polite in nature. and never rousing. on Friday.
as McCarthy went over thcfivc points he will deal with in
his program.

So'mcwhcrc between points thrcc (redirection of
resources) and four (defense). for instttncc. httmorous
anecdotes began to enter his discussion. “ Did he ever say
point five?“ someone asked later.

In general. people overlook his digressions because his

wisdom and style in the analysis ofthe issues is attractive,
giving one an impression of a dairyland Mark Twain.

On being over-defended. for instance. he stated. “We
could win World War ll now in under six months. Which
is fine in case you httvcsomerctronctive insccurityttbout
it. Come to think of it. if you told Scoop jackson that we
were short of blow gutts and darts. he would put in a bill
tomorrow."

Concerning the dcpcrsonalization of the Presidency:
“i knew that we should have worried about LBJ when he
started tising the word “my” too much . . . He began to
call Humphrey ‘my vicc-prcsidcnt.‘ Well. that was alright
really . . . you couldn‘t argue with that too much."

But his answers to problems left certain individuals
cold. One girlseemcd upset about hisunswcrto hcr ques-
tion concerning the woman‘s rights movement. “He
didn‘t say a damn thing." she said. “about what he in-
tends on doing for the masses ofwomen. Just to givejobs
to a couple of individuals.“

Latter that night. at a reception of 30 people given him
in Chttnning Hall in i) downtown Unitarian Church. he
got u similar reaction frotn a much older girl.

Upset with his assertion that America would probably
have to develop atomic power. she slowly buttoned her
light green cool as he explained his position. Throwing
its furry hood over her silvcr~blue hiilf. she uttered a last
“put it moratorium on it until you tryfusion‘.‘lurncd her
bttck tutd walked out.

A few minutes later. McCttrlhy himself deported in a
VW bits. He had to gel to the airport for n flight to
Boston.

itttck inside. a thin 35 year-old Schenectady casc-
workcr remarked that she was impresscd with the can-
didtttc. "l cttmc hcrc wanting to hear someone whom I
felt Icould trust in. someone who wouldn‘t sintplymukc
promises to look good. And at least on this night. I
found hint. ’l'hrn ttgttin." she laughed nervously. “i can't
say how I'll feel tomorrow."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

and Patroon Restaurant

by David Winzelberg

A newly formed student grievance group met lust Sunday night to discuss
proposals mainly directed at correcting discrcpcncies students are now
having with F.S.A. Along with the proposals already outlined at meetings
held on several quads over the past week. the group called for a “coffee
confrontation" scheduled for “:00 a.m. today in the Patroon Room. an
object of grievance group attack.

According to grievance group representatives. today‘s demonstration is
aimed at emphasizing that “the l’utroon Room should become profitable and
it it can‘t. it should close.“ Group researchers reported that “at present the
Patroon Room‘s prices are well below prices at restaurants that provide
much less service and atmosphere." giving such speciﬁc examples as: “Platt‘s
Place. Lum's. Howard Johnson‘s and Lcrncr's sandwich shops." The group
called for a discount in the Patroon Room for meal card holders and
recommended “raising prices to be comparable to prices of outside (siniilar
service) establishments“ to put the eatery financially in the black. {-

A large majority attending the meeting favored a proposal that would
increase the undergraduate membership on the F.S.A. Board of Directors to
a majority. Duvid Coyne. an originator oflhc group. went further saying that
“students should determine which students get on the board so they will truly
be representative of the students" and not picked by the administratiop.

A proposal that “Central Council has and always has had the right to
remove the undergraduate members on the F.S.A. Membership Board 3nd
Board of Directors." In addition. the proposal. which was approved by a
large margin. included that “Council shall review the removm of each
member oftlte undergraduate student members." Another proposal that was
accepted easily at the meeting. called for the opening of all F.S.A. jobs to
students before being opened to any others. l

The F.S.A. run campus barber shop was the object of further attack at
Sunday‘s grievunec gathering. Mentioning that “the barber shop was down
$400 inn hull-year period." the group discussed alternatives such as “is hotter
store. record or head shop" to replace the space now taken up by the F.S.A.
liability. The group voted overwhelmingly in favor of closing the barber shop
down if it is financially in the red at the end of a month regardless of the
viability of tltc alternatives given for the space.

Coync and a few others were instrumental in starting the grievance group.
but cmphnsircd that this was “a people's movement. not a leadership‘s
movement" and played down the listing of the leaders involved in the
“movement.” Jay Miller. one of the leaders of the meeting called upon
students to come to today's Putroon Room demonstration and to also attend
the F.S.A. Board of Director's meeting tomorrow at 2 pm. in AD 253.

The meeting was attended by about 100concerned students. muny ofthem
Central Council members. Rick Meckler. another important member of the
grievance group. said that tltc group will be an instrument to the students in
lodging their complaints pertaining to University affairs. Mccklcr remarked.
‘Wc'vc gotten the wheel turning. now we're going to let them roll."

PAGE THREE

5.4.-  '-

-<a_.v WM~‘ “ ~

 

 

