  
    
        
     

    
 

ii‘qwmmrfsnhqd‘ .‘y ._.

 

 

‘3

 

   

0 David Coyne '
, ' -  ., O Stu Klein 3| ‘OMltehell Kasai!
elm COUNCIL Frank Mendelson 12 Steve Kat: ’
_ Ill-,- ’ Joel Feld ' 21 .aatpti Weller 7

0 Jonathan Martin 77 Jeff mind“; . 12 Jeff Mandeli '5
Larry Schwartz 5| ‘ ant Duker t1
Devil Keller . v 29 UNIVERSITY senate David Abramot‘f ll

Steven Wills to
Rick Iii-one 7 I“- 0““
hl Quad , y
2”" 1:3:34333.“ '13 W“ 0' 1'" m Avw. rumor) . _

35"" “m” ‘ “8 m... 5.... 6 ~ The Alli! terrorist raid on in Tel Aviv hotel that claimed 14 lives left lsrael‘
“'11, mm '7 72 ll shaken and threatenin revenge Thursday and the fate of Secretary of State
Robert Greenfieki 29 Datdr Quad rude-t . . . E - - m-

Rme Miner 7 O Ira Zimmerman too .Marc Benecke , too “""Y A- 'l'““‘3°”,“°"°§,‘ P98“ “'"9‘" ‘.'“°° a" . N
Lmy Luau... 22 no“... Gun. .5 Jon Lame.“ 77 “They will be punished, said Premier Yttzltalt “abtn of the AI. innit.
Warren McLean 33 nanometer: 59 ' m... 5mm ' 39 guerrilla movement headed by Yastr Arafat. which claimed responsrhihty rm
Olen Beer ls Martin Cohen 2| Jimmy Brown. 56 the attack. The implication was that Israel would stage a reprisal.

John Gibb 23 Al Soioway . 37 . Vice President Seven Arab, gueriilas died in a Tel Aviv hotel before dawn in an inferno of
Phil Marker! ‘ 33 Malcolm Pumw 32 0 Diana Castillo ISI gunﬁre and explosions that also killed four hostages and three ismeli

‘h-an-ICII—Inuunu-QI-nnuni-IIIIIII-III-u some“ a" mum commund said'

:._trom__the people who brought you MIAMI FOR $55 ‘
FORT LAUDERDALE

__ E...R....._  5

same price round trip

ALGIERS (AP)

Heads of state in the oil cartel. ending their ﬁrst summit. offered on
Thursday to negotiate conditions for stabilizing oil prices but said the prices
must be tied to the cost of manufactured goods and services.

They also declared their readiness to assure oil supplies for the
industrialized countries and offered to provide them with “tinnneitil
facilities.“ but vowed to join forces to ﬁght “economic or military aggression"
directed against any cartel member.

ROME (AP)

Gianna Corgiolo. 28. placed her coins into a vending machine to get 1!
package of cigarettes and soon had the attention of dozens of people. police
and ﬁremen.

The machine failed to give herchange.so Miss Corgiolo pushed her lingers

‘ up the change slot to release a trapped coin. but got stuck.

After vain efforts by passersby and police. firemen dismantled the
machine. .

“This goes to prove that smoking is bad for your health." one onlooker
quipped to the blushing woman. ‘

accommodations as low as $55 (triple occ.)

miehael erwin tom e.g.

(Formerly mombori of State
Trunltluh)

Cooper 205 457-4024

I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I.

 
   
    

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford said Thursday night there is no
hope of ending the killing and negotiating a settlement in Cambodia “unless
the Congress quickly provides the necessary means for Cambodia to
survive.“
He told a nationally broadcast news conference in an opening statement
that “if we abandon our allies. we will be saying to all the world thztt unr
pays.“

The President also declared the reliability of the United States is at stake In
providing aid to Cambodia and South Vietnam.

Friday and
Saturday v

March 7& 8

$.50 with
tax card

$1.25
without

KANSAS CITY (A P) Using a new format to pick perhaps its Strongest
ﬁeld ever. the NationalCollcgiatc Athletic Association announced a 32-tentn
major college basketball tournament Thursday that includes lndinntt.
UCLA. Louisville, Kentucky. Marquette and Alabama.

The NCCA Toumamcnt. which annually decides the best collegiate teznn
in the country, begins March l5 with it: ﬁrst-round games. Included tire tun
probable mtttchups of teams in the Top l0: No.7 Alabama vs. No.5
Marquette in the Mideast and No. 6 Kentucky vs. No. 9 Arironti State ill tln-
West.

MONTREAL (Al’)

The United Farm Workers said Tuesday that Montreal‘s largest stippllt'l
of independent grocers is joining the union‘s grape hoycott.

A UFW spokesman said that Hudon and Ursuli Ltd. will begin the ho) ton
of non—UFW grapes from California and Arizona in May. He said the In Ill
supplies about 400 stores in Quebec province. including 13‘) KM illllll'ls

NEW YORK (AP)

'l'clcpltonc company officials asked the FBI to look into it lire Ill .tn
Elmhurst. Queens. telephone switching station Thursday after intestrgntm»
tcrmed the blaze “suspicious.” the FBI said.

The one—alarm blaze was the third lire at a phone company lilCll|l\ n. .t
week. and New York 'l‘elcphone Co. President William lillinghnto Mil
ncwsmcn it “makes yott wonder. We are very concerned.“

ALBANY, N.Y. (Al’)

Gov. Hugh Carey signed into law Wednesday evening n W“ IIIIHW'
appropriation intended to keep construction going at Urban ileit-lnptnvnl
Corp. sites across the state for the next two months.

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP)

The slttlc would get it ntonopuly in malpractice insurance htlsitlcss tut lltx'
next five years ttrtdcr legislation proposed 'l‘littrsdny by the cllltil iilL’Il «'1 ll“
Assembly health and insurance committees.

Assentblyntcn Ilcrhert Miller. l)-Quccns. and Leonard Silvctnirin. I"
Brooklyn. said they are nltcntpting to drutn up support lot the proposal It
would have to be enacted hy the end of this month to be implemented Ill mm
to avert a threatened health-cure crisis in New York State.

VAHMNY. N-V- (M’) State officials said Thursday that n I‘ntc. litlul hml
disease. which could pose a threat to the state's mttlii—million titlllltl poultix
industry it unchecked. had surfaced in ltll exotic avint’y In littysitle. l our
Island.

Officials oftite state Department of Agriculture and Markets illltl thei .\
Dt‘tmrlmcm of Agriculture hoped to contain the outbreak ot lisotu
Newcastle Disatse to the 400 sickly birds at the Novack 'l‘rOpicnI Avint)‘

the disease is highly fatal to fowl but harmless to huntnns.

 

MARCH '7, 1975

 

 

by Naomi Friedlander

Stacked on Gary Dean‘s desk in
the SUNYA Bookstore were various
paperbacks. a box of aspirin. and
rolls of hard candy. Friday's loot. By
315 pm, on Feb. 28. seven students
had been caught stealing these ar-
ticles. Thievery has become a com-
mon occurence for Déan. manager
of the store.

"I really wish the problem would
go away because i don‘t want to
catch people.“ Dean said. But with
twenty-seven students already up-
prehended this semester. the
problem clearly has not been erased.
Dean. uncertain asto whether more
stealing occurs now than last year or
whether students are just caught
more now. said that the protective
forces had been increased this
semester. During the January book
rush. three Burns guards were
employed by Dean to watch for
shoplifters. Now. only one guard.
Rosanna Benjamin. works in the
store. Benjamin. who guards the
store weekdays and some Saturdays.
asks students to leave their
belongings outside the Bookstore
entrance and watches for shoplif-
ting. Follctt Bookstore Manager
Dean said stealing goes on anyway
because students can hid articles in
their shirts. coats. or in their pocket-
books.

“We used to say ‘put it back and

 

Bookstore 

 

leave the store.‘ but that didn't
work." Dean said. Now Dean files a
description on each theft and sends
the information to the‘ University
Judicial Board which recommends
the appropriate action to be taken.
So far. of the twenty-seven students
whose names have been sent in. four
cases have come up to the board, the
rest to be heard within the next two
or three weeks. a board member dis-
closed. Punishment for ’ the
shoplifters can range from a drop of
all charges due to a lack of evidence.
to probation. the member said. In
addition to a sentence. an ofﬁcial
letter of warning and a statement of
probation are on a student‘s perma»
nent record fora stipulated period of
time. Any prospective employer or
graduate school has full access to the
records.

“They usually try to run." Ben-
jnmin commented‘when asked how
students react'when caught stealing.
“Sometimes We have to chase them
into the cafeteria." she added. Dean
said that students have been chased
as far its the SocialSciences building.
When finally caught. students res-
pond quite differently. somc show-
ing guilt and anxiety while others
seem not to care. “I've had people sit
and cry and then there are those peo-
pic who are laughing before they
even get out of my office.“ said
Dean.

Bar Bill GoesThrough

by Pat Sakll

If the bill passed in Central Coun-
cil Wednesday night (“The Students
Will "4—A Real Rathskcllar“—~
introduced by Andy Bauman) is
signed by SA President Pat Curran.
and if it goes through the FSA Board
(which it should). a bar and a wall to
divide the snack bar area from the
bar area should be completed by the
end of Easter vacation. Andy

will be sponsoring two spectator
buses for students interested in
attending the NCAA Basketball
playoffs at Brockport this weekend.
Tickets will be $4.50 with tax card.

Rejected w.tsa bill for stipends for
the EOPSA President. Vice Pres..
Treasurer and Secretary. lt propos-
ed $i 100 total in stipends. failing 2-
16-25

Pat Curran. SA President. an-

 

Bauman (C i r ‘ A a
petition with 500-600 names of
students supporting the project. This
was circulated last week on the State
Quad dinner line and movie lines.
The bill passed Council. l3-3-l but
Curran has indicated there is a
“possibility” he will veto the bill.
in other Council business, AAB

“' that L ,' ’ V next week
there will be open meetings for
students to meet and question can-
didates for the President of the Un-
iversity.

Don‘t forget the C.A.U.S.E.

(Committee Against University Stu:

dent Exploitation) meetingthis Sun-
day night at 6:30 in LC-4.

(CPS) A graduate student at Indiana University in Bloomington. Indiana
is fasting to force the university to conduct an investigation into why she was
forced to resign as a resident assistant.

Elena Fraboschi hasn‘t eaten any food since Christmas. and has been
taking thyroid medication to speed up her metabolism and thus increase her
weight loss. Since then she has lost 35 pounds. Forthe first seven weeks she
limited herselfto cofec. diet cola and orange juice. but now she drinks only

thlCI‘.

 

 

Students browse around the Follctt-SUV" Bookstore. Bookstore 'oifleiala tear that some or
those students are potential thieves.

\

Quiet Students Speak Out

by Beverly Hum

During the past two years.a grow-
ing number of students have ex-
pressed concern about the noise level
in residence halls; and manystudents
have indicnled a desire for quieter
living areas. A January 1975 survey
of [0 percent of the resident students
revealed that 73%were satisﬁed with
the present courtesy hours policy.
and 19% wanted to live in quieter
areas. (Under the courtesy hours
policy. there is a "quiet period" from
It pm. to 7 am. on days before
classes.)

In recognition of student desire
for living areas more conducive to
studying. the residence staff intends
to establish "quiet" residence areas
on-campus. These staff-chosen areas
are: Pierce Hall. on Alumni
Quadrangle; and/or floors l6
through 2| in StuyvesantTower. on
Dutch Quad. Pierce Hall houses l03
students and will be coeducational
by floor; floors [6 through 2| of
Stuyvesant Tower houses l29
students and is coeducational by ad-
jacent suite. Establishing these areas
will depend on sufficient un-
dergraduate interest in ﬁlling them.

Like many other special-interest
groups on campus. academically
oriented students want to be
recognized. This fact was brought to
the attentibn'of SUl‘.YA‘s Quad
coordinators. SUNYA's Director of
Residence. John Welty. introduced
the concept of the Specialized Stu-
dent Group Program Team to meet
the needs of minoriy groups. One of

 

 

MARCH 7, 1975

call now: Albany S

only a few spaces left...

$53ﬂ.

7 days - 6 nights at the brand new Holiday inn *
on the beach Round trip deluxe motorcooch

$59 NYC-DAYTONA-NYC March 28 - April 5

Daytona
Beach ‘

tate Travel Club
457-4000 or 45 740.43

a NOTE: prices and hotel subiect to change based on availability ..

 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 

the “minority groups" that came up
for discussion was the "quiet" stu-
dent. According to 'Patricia Snyder.
Asst. Director of Residence. State
Quad. "There was a special need
there." It was noted that graduate
students had no “special need“
because most of them are housed in
Brubttcher Hall. Alumni Quad. and
have the option of choosing a single
room.
Guidelhes Drawn Up

After this meeting. Val Hodge.
Resident Director. Colonial Quad.
chaired the Program Team conduc-
ting the survey. Survcy question-
naires were given out to the Resident
Assistants on all five quads. They
distributed them to students on a
random basis. Thedata showed a 9%
return on the 10% surveyed. Said
Patricia Snyder. “Even though it was
a small sample size. it was very
representative."

Then. a steering committee com.
posed of student volunteers drew up
guidelines that dwellers in the
proposed housing would have to
follow: These included:

i. respecting each other‘s wishes to
study;

2. working with others who share
common interests:

3. interacting socially among
themselves and with the University
community; '

4. creating an active community has-
ed on cooperation. participation.
and flexibility.

In addition. the SteeringICom-
mittee proposed the formation of an

high heel.

 
  

Frye Iootrnoltm slnto ms...

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ‘

goons SHOES

MERCHANT 8 TO GENERATION!

Bench-crafted and handfinishad by
skilled artisans for over lOO years.

YOUNG SHOES, odds still another to the largest colloctlofti
of FIYE BOOTS in the country! Our Driftwood 30", Ms
brass pegged and fitted by hand. The platform solo II of
solid oak-bond leather to match the new stacked 2% inch

IN STOCK FOR MEN ‘3 WOM€N

Available in Hand Stained Brown, Natural oiled, An-
tiqued wallnut, and Burnt chestnut.

l5? CENTRAL AVENUE
OPEN EVERY EVENNG int 9 PM
MUSE YOUR IANKAMElllCAID OI MASTEBCHAIGE - 

area government to insurethe con-
cept‘s success and alllow for needed
changes in a democratic manner.
The government is based on a “town
meeting” concept. which will in-
cludev

l. mandatory representation from
each suite uptown. and a number of
rooms downtown to be designated
on a proportional basis;

2. planning for social activities both
within the section and within the rest
of the University;

3. designating what constitutes “the
academic atmosphere“ apdvthcn en-
forcing the code tha't‘is drawn up.
The misconduct of an alleged
violator of the code would then be
discussed at a town meeting. where
both students and the section‘s R.A.
would have input.The R.A. should act
in an advisory capacity because. in
the words of Pat Snyder.“lt‘stotally
up to the students because we don't
want to take over or anything like

I that." According to her. it would be.

up to the students to ask a resident to
leave. Sinup

Sign-up for these special residence
areas will begin on Monday. March
l7. Applications may be picked up at
the Housing Ofﬁce. 106 Fulton Hall,
and must be returned no later than
5:00 pm. on Friday. March 2l. No
applicair/bhs‘ivill be accepted during
the regular‘hiiiising signup in April.
Appliants may sign up singly or with
their choice of roommate. and
acceptance is on a ﬁrst-come. ﬁrst-
served basis.

 
   
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
 

OF BOOT IUFFS

mlois '2‘

'PAGE THREE

   

‘i

    
      

 

MEIR AA r. _. ._ -,

.,fr,—.~.(

._....
-< 2" -

 

i
i.
v:

 

 

