 

 

.- v

. 74,,mwo‘emm. .4

ATI o EEKEND

VENGAN
TODOS!

.aitii l' i

PRIGELEQJ$§.00 with SUNYA tax card

’lll

   $4.00 without tax card

i/_i‘

TICKETS ON SALE
APRIL 14, 1975

CG LOBBY

ti»i(.¢t1'. . .. om osiiininoo ml‘Jtitlltt'J anemia in 'Jllit-ttiuilti iiiiir...ut<..i.i Jfli guinea. my

II' (.ttrr to l')‘ llilllll”

t Iiit‘ m-‘w

INFO: Fuerza Latina office 55 376

518-457-8563

 

 

 

ON SUNDAY MARCH 13
Jewish Students Coalition presents:

Abraham Foxman Reverend John Grauel

Director of National Leadership a member of the Haganah
forwthe Anti-Defimation
League of B’hai B’rith

1

(Jewish self-defense organization)
and a member of the

crew of the “Exodus 1947”
speaking on:

“SOVIET JEWRY”
1 1:00 pm
CC Assembly

speaking on :

“ISRAEL”
7:00 pm

 

 

 

 

 ?

I From  L I
' Frog's Mouth

A Word to
the Wise

by Eugene (furragee

Ihcre is a popular notion among
environmentalists that areas which have been
ecologically pillagcd. should be restored to a
so-eallcd “\vild“ stat. s. in tltis end. certain
areas on catnpus have been designated
"forever wild.“ The campus pond and the
surrounding woodland area are the best
example of a natural envu'onincnt on campus.
However. over the past year some quite
unnatural things have happened to it.

Until this summer. the campus pond Was

infested with carp. I say “infested” because

carp are not naturally found in that pond or in

this country (they are indigenous to Japan). A ‘

number of theories have been proposed to
explain how the carp got there but. by I973.
they had outcompeted allother species offish.
lhe University had been trying to stock the
pond with bass and other game fish (including.
in an incredible mistake. trout) but the carp,
to the amusement of every ecology student.
insisted on adhering to the elementary rtile of
ecology—competitive exclusion.

The situation seemed hopeless. No matter
what fishes were put into the pond. in a few
months timeonly the carp flourished. But time
was running out for ottr friends froin Japan.
"The carp menace shall be no more," cried the
Environmental Decisions Commission
(EDC). On April 29. I974. it was itgreed to
poison the fish with the chemical rotenonc.
‘l he carp. atid various other animals. were
killed anti their carcasses piled into dump
trucks and carth away.

'I he deed done. the sill which the carp (as
bottom l'ecdcrs)liad continually stirred up was
left to settle otit. The ghost pond. now
deserted. was left to be studied by an ill-keiiipt
bio-inajo r lll an equally ill-kcmpt canoe. What
he found is quite disturbing.

tests done with the pond water shmved it to
be rich in nutrientsand. consequently. capable
of supporting large algal growth (called water-
bloomsi. Yet. the pond itself had very few
widescalc water-blooms. After it liberal
amount ot head scratching our friend in the
canoe. decided that there was something
different between the water in the pond and
that in his flasks in the lab. A few scratches
later the answer became clear. The water in the
flasks had no silt suspended in it. as it settles
out when left undisturbed. but. until the carp
were killed. the pond was as thick as soup.
(ilecful at his discovery. our hapless
researcher watched the pond become
omit/iiieg clear as the summer ended.

litil the bliss of igitorancc was short lived.
and a frightening thought now arose: will the
algae in the pond. \\llll()lll the turbidity. grow
as it did In the liib‘.’ Algal blooms. especially
those ot blue-green algae. are far froin the
prettiest of nature‘s displays. they may cause
ii putrid odor. be toxic to any organism
drinking the water. and as the nutrients are
used tip and thcalgae die en masse. all oxygen
consuming Iitclorins in the pond may he
hlllctl.

It the a lgac do demonstrate the growth that
is espected this spring. the entire purpose of
the iotcnoiic ptoicet \\lll ha\c been defeated.
Ihe pond “ill be no more "natural" than
helore. If this is to be :i\oidcd. the nutrient
sttlllCL‘ tllll\l be eliminated. The tcrtili/er run
olt lroiit otii e\pansi\c athletic fields must he
stopped. lo delay action. or at least
L'tillsltlclitllttll by the MN. l\ to invite a trtie
ecological tllsitslt‘t‘ lot the pond.

by Andy leumpn . _, ' ‘r . 
The New York State Legislature has just drastically mt SUNY‘I budget-rid the

maong the educationalcommunity is intense; Twerity-cightieampulis  '

organizing a letter-writing campaign with a feveriehness and vigor that haven't ’

the Viet Nam War protests. The UUP and SASU‘. representing‘the faculty and the students» ’

respectively. have signed joint statements for the ﬁrst time in their history. What's happening
here‘.’ . .‘ “  '

SUNY Chancellor Ernest Boyer recently spoke to a SASU convention asking for their lielp,
with this issue. At that time Boyer called Albany State‘s cut a “crippling blew." The Buyer plea
for assistance is ll strange reversal of roles. What‘s happening here?

Here at Albany. with the cooperation of SASU. the faculty, and the Administration (The
Administration? Don‘t they usually work against us‘!) things are starting to get rolling. Maybe it
is because it is such a nonpartisan issue. but things are certainly happening.

Last Tuesday night about twenty-live Central Council members and assorted other people
worked together stuffing and labeling l0.000 letters to the parcntsofall the students. This group
worked over four hours doing menial work. more unified than ever. What‘s happening here?

Yesterday it took only a few hours to have a letterdistributed toeverydorm roomon campus.
'l'hings never get done that quick arotind here. but they did. What's happening here?

Danny Kohatie. President ofSAS U. spoke at last Wednesdays Central Council meeting about
the btidget cut issue: another tirst. A letter was written and signed by the Executive Branch ofSA
am] Central Cotincil. another rather unique occurance. What is happening here?

W hat's happening is that our budget was cut and leaders from all areas of the'State University
system are tip in arms: unified for the first time in recent history.if ever. The only group still in the
dark is the students themselves. the group that will suffer the most from the budget cutback.

We as students are going to beasked to write some letters to our home legislators. There will be
tables set up outside the dining halls. complete with pens. paper. envelopes and all the
infonnation needed to write a letter. All that is needed is some able hands to write the letters.
There will be some. maybe many. who will ask "Why should I write a letter. it won‘t really make
any difference.“ This is total nonsense. How many letters do you think legislators receive from
their constituents each day'.’ They get anywhere from none to live. and they read each one
carefully.

Remember. our legislators are politicians. looking for votes. and if they know that enough of
those votes are looking over their shoulder they start thinking. If one letter can mdke a
difference. imagine the impact on each legislator if he received five of six letters a day all telling
him to restore SUNY‘s budget. You can bet your bottom dollar that that legislator is going to
think twice before he would vote against it. so much so that he will probably vote to restore the
funds for SUNY.

That‘s a lot of power. I‘d say. And how much effort and time will this take on the part ot‘eaeh
student to accomplish? Maybe live minutes at a table one night after dinner. A pretty good deal
considering the unpleasant alternative of massive cutbacks combined with the possibility of a
tuition increase of $50-$l00.

The time to act has come for us as students. Individually it doesn‘t take much effort. only the
determination to get it done. After dinner next week those tables willbethere. and in a few short
minutes with a few strokes ofa pen. you can cause a lot of heads to turnuiid help ensure that the
quality of our education will not deteriorate while we would be forced to pay more than ever.

3, (
tit ’  ‘6

(/35;

M ‘
' v.\. ~ ‘ ' 't
" 5"»"v5t '/

.N‘t'

 

 

M©N®Aifi AiPE’iiliL Mi

 

lltlt'illtlltlmlwr . .
APRIL 11, 1975

Theredoy. Agent“ 241

90883139 BEJ Eli] QQEEE

lit/iiIt'tl Ill .\Illl/t'lll disarm/ion
-UMV@@MV C©oeeemi [domed presents...

[ﬂtﬂfﬂfii ' Etﬂﬁﬁﬂ

(MID

Will} WIWEUBIBE El? UfﬂWBfWUlﬂfU

s©© pm

Poﬂoce ‘i’hrre

23©© [PM

Moo Wli‘i‘l‘ril FAX saso Wﬂ‘i‘liiJCJU‘t’ Mix.
tblibtW W guidance WES Wtiie‘ts‘t‘ti

[Lino teams outside CC Connemara door (on CC iiioﬂeooyi

(and with] be on settle
white they lost?)

UCB presents
Free Jazz Nightclub

THE
JACK WILKINS

{featuring T R I 0

Tomorrow night - Sat, April 12

Eddie Gomez on bass)

Beginning at 8 pm in the
Campus Center Cafeteria

beer and wine rival/able Ill Riirlis/m/lm,
however no other liquor Illily he:

brought in.

ﬁlﬂdt'll hr .tludenl usa‘ur'ialiun

 

ii

I'
'1'

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

:
't

a...» V;~rx,.;—~ .3” ...,_.

 

