 

- by Bruce Mluh -

“We feel that we let our fans
down." said Coach Doc Sauers
about his team‘s recent poor perfor-

mance in the NCAA tournament. '

His basketball team will have the
whole summer to reﬂect on their two
lopsided losses.

It was an unfortunate way to close
out an otherwise successful season.
The team provided much excitement
for this university and .(lreat Dane
fans will long remember Albany‘s

upset victory over Broekport. The .

team ftrlfillcd its goal by making it to
the NCAA tourney. . Many of tltc
hallplayers. tlrotiglt. mentally lct-
dowir when they got to Brockport,as
they played like they were satisfied
just to participate in the tournament.

For l’etc Koola it wasn‘t a happy
occassion as he closed otit his one
and a half year career at Albany
State. "He was a line captain for us."
said Sauers. “l’etedid all we‘ve asked
from him. He played the bestdel‘ensc
inside. l’ete always guarded the op-
ponent‘s big man. He would handle
tiny big man. as long as he had a little
help.“

l’ete never was a big offensive
threat as the Danes did not get the
ball inside. If you yoti don‘t have the
ball. you can‘t score.

With the loss of Koola. much of
the pressure for next year will fall on
Tom Morphis. who will have to
guard the opposition‘s big men. This
year Morphis had a motivation
problem. In some games'l'om played
line ball. while in other games Tom
looked lost on the cottrt. Morphis
must learn to stay otrt of foul trou‘
ble. as Doc Sauers often had to hold
Tom ottt of the starting lineup
because of this problem. Defensive-
ly. Toni improved greatly but Doe
feels he still has a way to go.

Most Improved
Bob Audi was the most improved

player on the team. Hcavcraged ten’

points a game and was the team‘s
leading rcboundcr. Healso becamea
solid defensive ballplayer. Audi
played gutty ball all year as he was a
real competitor. “He always played
his best.“ said Sauers. If the Danes

 

 

had ten players with Audi's desire.
they would have some team.

Kevin Keane should see much
more action next year. as he moves
into the third forward slot. His
progress in the early going was
hampered by an ankle injury but he
played pretty well for a freshman.
“He did a line all around job.“ said
Sauers. “We have to get more
rebounding out of him next year."
Kevin played aggressively on
defense. Ol'fensively. Kevin can
shoot. but as the season progressed,
he seemed to lose confidence in his
shooting. In the NCAA‘s. he would
pass. rather than shoot. even when
he was open.

Albany‘s three sophomore gtrards
provided much oftlie Danes‘ scoring
punch but they all had their troubles
defensively. "l was not pleased with
any of my guards defensively.“ said
,Sauers. “Our defense was hurting
vvitltotit Rich Kapner (lost due to a
shottlder injury)." Kapncr‘s steady-
ing value was also missed.

Leading Scorer

Eddie Johnson \'ns the Danes‘
leading scorer. Johnson seemed to
rise to the occasion as his best games
came against llul‘l'alo State and
llrockport. Against sortie of the
Danes‘ lesser opponents. he had his
ups and downs. "offensively. he had
a great year.“ said Saucrs. “He still
had sonre ball handling problems.
He had better body control. btit he
got carried away near the end ofthe
season.“
nary 'l‘revctt broke the Danes‘
asset record this year. as. sting on
|53 baskets. He played his best
basketball when he concentrated on
being a playmaker. His move to
forward proved unsuccessful. (iary
shot more this year btrt Doc felt he
didn't shoot that well.

Mike Sttprunovicz showed much
improvement this year. especially on
offense. His shots were dropping
with greater consistency. ()n
defense. Mike worked very hard and
this showed in his game.

The Danes finished the year at l5-
l0. their worst record since l970. To
be able to get past the first round of

 

  
  
 

 

a
..

st...mﬁ3

m...“ “M

hole

the women's basketball turn (pictured above) enjoyed playing at

 

home this y

     

as they were 2-2 at University Gym.

 

4

 

the NCAA’s nextyear. Albany must
make some changes. “We need three
things for.next year.“ said Sauers.
“We need more defense from our
guards. more rebounding and some
inside scoring." Whether the Danes
can get this help from within.
remains to be seen. Much of that
help might have to come from-the
bench. recruitment. or from the
junior varsity.

Dave Lanahan showed some
protnisc in his bricfappearanccs but
his lack of strength will limit his
effectiveness. The JV had a
successful season and qttite a few
ballplaycrs could be moving tip to
the varsity. “There was alot of
evenness of ability on the JV.“ said
Sauers. “They rnirst work over the
stitnmcr. improving their skills. to be
of sotric help.“

Currently. Doc is placing much of
his efforts on rccrttitmcnt. Recruit-
ment is a very difficult business at
Albany. since coaches have no
scholarships to offer and admission
requirements are very high. Doe
really won‘t know how successful lie
is tttittl the beginning of school next-
year.

Tltc team has good potential for
next year as only Koola will bcmiss-
ing. Albany. though. will be playing
a much tougher sehedtrle next year
as they will play eight of the ten.
topped ranked Division II and Ill
New York State teams. with the ad-
dition of top ranked CW Post and
third ratrkcd Union. The Danes will
be participating in a Shrine spon-
sored holiday tournament hosted by
Muskingum College in New Con-
cord. ()hio. Albany vvilljoin .ltiniant.
Dcl’auw and the host on December
29 and 30.

The pressure is certainly going to
be on the Danes to return to the
NCAA regional tournament. The
team can no longer use the copout
that they are so young. Three of the
live starters have two years ol‘varsity
ball under their belts. ’articipatin’g

in the tournament was good ex-
pcricncc for tthancs. Losing badly
just might make Albany that rntrch
lruttgrier rtcxt year. '

Albany State‘s Wotncn's varsity
basketball team closed otit a disap-
pointing scason with a 73-42 loss to
Hartwick on the Victor‘s hotue court.

Albany started off the game well
and were down by only 3 at the
halfway mark. 29-26 btit that was it.
For all practical purposes. Albany
State never catnc ottt ol the
lockerroorn to finish the game. as
Hartwick ran away with it. 'l'hcyout-
scored Albany rid-lb in the second
half.

Cathy Dower lead the Albany
scorers with It) points. The scoring
was well distributed as co-captain
Wendy tinth had 9. Sue Winthrop
had H. Vicki (iirko hiid 7.and .‘Vaiicy

liartle had o,

‘lhc women finished the season
with .l \tins and 9 losses. this was
Barbara l’alnt's first losing season as
a coach. 'l he women vrotr lot their4
borne gtinics for a .500 record at
hotne btit they were able to win only
i of their it away games. Albany
State beat SUNY itt llinghatnton
and SUC—Ncw l'altI by large
margins on its lionre courtfl'hcy also
defeated the Brooklyn College‘s

.ﬁ . ' ‘ Stai- Univ-any olew York starbsny' ‘

exrrwrviror Danes

y ‘ . “at E3.

  

Jain-day, March 14, 1975

 

The Albany State basketball team In their disastrous performance at

the NCAA tournament this past weekend.

junior varsity on the laser‘s court for
their lone win tilt the road. Albany
State came close to beating Iittffalo
Sttttc. lositig to them at Cortland in
the closing seconds of the game.

The Danettes were plagttctl by in~
juries from the . . of the season.
when it was discovered that Dorothy
Coletti. who would have providctl
sortie sorely needed height. would be
ottt for the season with water on botlt
knees.

The team sttllci'cd tlirotiglt lottr
games vvitliottt the services of
Dorcthea llroun. During two of
those four games. the team also felt
the bowl Cathy Dower. Albany lost
those two games by heat y margins to
Rtlshcll Sage arid SUC—l’otsdiim.
llrowu was sidelined with the Mutual
Dower had a foot injury.

Nancy liartlc stepped itito the
starting ltttctrp and did a litre job dur-
ittg the second hall of the season.
Marilyn llindcn and Lauren llarris
provided much ticcded reserve
power.

Albany State appeared to he tnore
of a first half teatii as they were
within seven points of their op-

 

Women Close Season

poncnts at halltimc ill four of their
nine losses. This may have been dtte
to the limited endurance of such a
small squad.

Vita Davishad ltil pointsirrscvcn
games for a 14.4 average. After
Davis left the learn. Sire Winthrop
took over the bttlk of the scoring for
the retttainittg four games. She and
co-captain Wendy (lath were the
tearn‘s leading scorers. with
89 and fill poitits. respectively. forthc
season. arid 7.4 and 7.] point
averages. Vicki (iirko ltad a line
season with n 7s point total.avcrag-
int: 0.5 noints per game. (iiiko also
led the learn in rcbotitidtrig this
season. averaging over It) rebounds
a game.

Young Team

The team was contposcd largely ol
freshmen atid sophomores. Sue
Winthrop was tlte only junior. Thus.
this has been a learning season which
‘an be chalkcd up to experience. as
the learn has better hopes for next
season. The team would like to ex-
press its appreciation to all those
who supported them at their home
games.

 

  

  
  

The automobile business

line ofcm qfter Mercury been": In

his shoulders. annular] lib

um...

provider uwralexaihplu (1b in

new lmpllu

be especially strong. King Ida: had "t

,vtherddsarc'ga! "meals at!» Mfckltileof'cm mhuamy bee mammal:

 

by Betty Stein and Marc Welger
The eighth Annual Telethon.
SUNYA‘s yearly fund-raising event
for the Wildwood School for
developmentally handicapped
children. was a rousing success. At
the close. a tentative total of$l5.500
was announced. This is sevcrttl hun-
drcd dollars higher than the amount
raised last year and is expected to in-
er‘ase as more contributions roll in.
An overﬂow crowd of abottt 2.000
to 2.500 packed the Campus Center
Ballroom at peak hours According
to co-chairpersor. Ernie Sprancc.
“We had to ttrrri people awayduring
TV time. A lot tnore than last year
came.“ Sprancc said that sentirtg for
only 200 was provided at the tables.
As a rcsttlt. most people either sat on
the lioor or stood on the sidelines. In
addition to the usual crowd of
students and faculty. many adtilts
from the community were in atten~
dance.
ch cnty-l'ivc separate acts provid-
ed contitiuotis entertainment during
the 24-hour period. The audience
reacted with much enthusiasm on
the whole. l’articttlarlv well-received
were "Larry and the All-Stars.“ a
l950‘s-type musical grottp. arid .lolrn
Scinino. who sang a triedle froin
“The Man of La Mancha." Dire to
the audience's wild repsonse to botlt
of these acts. cncoi'cs were given. but
not tititil they had been atrctioncd off
for a 517.00th sum ($50 and 3100
respectively).
\VSUA broadcast the entire
event. with \VAHY. a local A M stu-
'lion sitnulcasting frotn it pro. to 8
a.in. and again during the last 2
hours on Saturday night. According
to Joel l-cld. assistant station
manager. "WGNA offered to
sirtiitlcast with tts for next year‘s
'l clethon.“
“It was a very. very tight
Telethon." said Sprancc. who had
ttotlirirg btrt praise for the technical
crew. which nttmbcrctl well over I00:
“ Tltc stage work was amazing ttiider

’at Mc(ilynn.“ Karen (ilibol’l’.
Sprarrce‘s co-chairperson. was
equally pleased with the technical

 

 

 

 

   
  
  

  

  

 
  

   
 
 

  
 
 

 

 
  

  

 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 

    

 
  

 

 
  

 

  

 

 
 
 

  

   

 

pared
im‘ hard/l maple

., . ._ '

 

 

 

 

a; now there. fsit‘ApppIIoftlte reason for flu drake
. dfqlkswidgch topic .1; tilmah‘fln axon, ' "

0f . _ ,
Bulletin _'a dicy
 -‘—Ctu‘rtest Farina

STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY

   

VOL. LXI] NO. 16

 

MARCH 18. 1915

 

  

 

 
 

  

 
 

  

ldrchmuydr

Happy faces and balloons mark the festivities of Telethon last Saturday morning. At the time the money raised for the Wildwood
School was $7.332. when Telethon closed the figure surpassed 515.500.

crew: “The people who worked were
just fanatastic."

lloth (iliboll' and Sprancc were
disappointed with the sound system
provided by the Campus Center. “It
liappcos cver year." said Sprancc.
“ l he Campus Center sound system
always blows up it ticvcr fails. lint
that's traditional to Telethon."
(ilibol'l also expressed her dismay
over the malfunctioning audio
equipment, sayng that it pitt
'l’clcthon‘s schedule at least one-half
hotir behind. ‘

in contrast. the l€|iC tliducational
Commttnications Center) was highly
praised for the part they played.
“'I hey ran the best am] most acctirute
'l V time we ever had." said Sprancc.
“Once they left. ottr technical dil—
liculfics started. i wish Campus

' Center wottld get together and get tip

a really good sound system. Tltat
would make'l'clcthon a ltcll of a lot
better."

Gliboff expressed disappoint--

 

want!

SUNYA's first presidential candldate. Executive Vice-President for
Academic Affairs at the University of Houston. Emmett Fields. spoke

before an open meeting

of students yesterday.

tneiit at what shccallcda lack ofsup-
port lrotrr the faculty: "l expected
mttch more support from the facul-
ty," (ilibolf described the faculty's
support as being. on the \i hole. less
than adcquatc. “when compared to

the great support received lrom
other sections of the university."
The traditional pie-throwing ac-
tivities added variety to the evening
by breaking up the long sttCLLssitill
of acts. 'l he most expensive pie lurid-

cd lll thc face of Dr. Harold Cannon
ol the Accounting department. The
crowd went wild when the $l55 plate

ol whipped cream hit its target.
I he student who had the satisfac-
t’UH/fllllt’t/ on page livt'

Presidential Candidate Here

by Daniel (.‘aines

Risking opcti meetings with students and faculty. the
Presidential Search Committee has invited three cati-
didates on catnptis this week. The first. [Emmett Ii.
Fields. was little yesterday tncctirig with
members of the University community.

l )tr ring the student meetingcatncramen from Channel
6 interrupted by setting tip bright lights and filming.
Students at the meeting were annoyed. rind Search Coni-
mittee members expressed unhappiness over the unex-'
pcctcd publicity. The students on the committee had
fought long arid ltard so that there would be open
meetings. and were afraid the candidate. who also ex—
pressed sttrprisc at the TV men's presence. would be dis-
cotrragcd from considering the position here.

'ariotts

l‘iclds is Executive Vicc~l’rcsidcnt and Dean of

l‘ttcttltlcs at thcllniwrsityol l-louston.in I'lotislon.’l‘cx-
as. He tatiglit history there until I971. l‘ron' l9(i0 to I969
he was Dean of tire College of Arts atrd Science at
Vanderbilt University.

The basis for fearing publicity is that a candidate may
jeopardr/c his position at his home campus if it is knowit
there that he is consideringanotherpositioti.especially if
he has not chosen to inform his colleagues at the home
campus. .’\t SUNY llinghaniton. for exatnple. the selec-
tion process was completely closed and secret. This is tltc
norm at most universities. and the nttitttde of Search
Committees at SUNYA is unusually open. One com-
inittcc tnctnhcr said this may be “The nature of this
school“. lhcopen meetings are hoped by tile cotnrnittcc
to producc w rtttcn lccdhack to assist them iii the deci-
sion. They are not designed as media conferences.
though theprcsencc of tlic .‘l.\l’ill the student tneetrrrgs is
expected.

lltc Search Committee makes its recommendation to
the University Council in kind of lloard of Trrtstces for
just SUNYA). atitl then it goes to SUNY Chancellor
Boyer. The final decision is tirade by the SUNY lioard of
Trustees. The Search Committee. headed by .l. Vander-
bilt Straub. has been conducting its search for the last
scvctt iiioritlts. lietwcen 9:00 am. arid 101|5 a.in. on
Wednesday another candidate will meet with students iii
the Campus Center l’atroon lounge. and with facttltyat
the same place from 2:20 pm. to .‘i:45 p.rn. Sorrcll ii.

Chesin. Executive Secretary of the Search Committee.
tChcsin is air Assistant Vice President for University Af-
fairs). is handling the candidate‘s schcd tile whie each of
those \isittng this week are here.

l‘lCltlS. who was borti in Arkansas. is a Doctor of
Philosophy in American History. He has been involved
it] administration for over fifteen years.

Fields spoke firmly btrt with what sccmcdto hen very
relaxed attitttdc. He tried to dclitic issues rather than
take sides in them. atid asked questions iii the process of
answering those addressed to him. One student poitited
otrt after the tncctitig that “he's looking us over just as
carefully as we‘re looking hint over. it‘s tough for him to
attsvvcr questions when he really doesn‘t know the corti-
plcxities of this school“. l'iclds spoke about the Universi—
ty of Houston. and his philosophy of cdttcation.

Some satnplc answers by l‘icldsat the student ttteetitrg
were; "I don't feel comfortable with thoroughly for—
tnali/cd modes ol cotnrirttrtication."

“l belicicin strong Dcairs . . .
know what‘s going on."

“l‘m not in favor-of i'corgani/ation as an act ofjoy.

"It‘s a tottglr problem gcttingcontinnity in studctit iti-
pttt . . . l‘rn devoted to student input in policy for-
rnatioti . . . th ‘answcr lies in students lorrnitiga‘collcc—
five student memory .' fluids jndimmj that he believed
students should havc a vote on tenure committees il‘that
was the situation faculty supported.

"I don‘t see. git cit the economic state of the economy.
lowering ttiitioti levels."

l‘lUltlS also said that thouin he felt stud:ut input iii in.
policy decision has important. students don't have a feef
lot research.

In response to questions about the tonne of the Utr-
iiersrty. l-rclds discussed the reliance trpon numbers
throughout America s universitrics lll determining
success and rcptitatiori. “We didn‘t tnetiti to say
that . . .we thoughtgrowth \vastlic key.but ldon‘trcat-
ly believe that academic people feel that way down

imp," In discussing qrraltity be emphasized the impor-
taticc of" external opportunity. which be suspected was
not an Important consideration here. "it‘s kind of a
melancholy observation.“ he said. btit first-rate students
remain first-rate students no matter what we do . . ."

of course I also want to

n

 

  

 

        
  
  

   

   

     

 

 

 

 

  

 

 
   

W‘v,e

m,” y . 

 

 

   
  
      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
 

