*II‘J

\

 ‘ In  to be

Due to space limitations each candidate was
asked to choose 3 activities from their applica-
tion as representative of their activities. What
follows is straight from their applications:
(the candidates are listed in order of Social
Security number)

GAIL TANNEN: 5 Quad Volunteer Am-
bulance Service, Telethon ‘73 & ‘74, Communi-
ty Service Fall ‘74, Spring ‘75

DENISE RUBIN: Alumni Quad Board, Stu-
dent Assistant on Dutch Quad,
Secretary-Class of I976

LESLIE ZUCKERMAN: Business Manager-
ASP, Treasurer Inter-Fraternity Council,
Business Manager TORCH ‘75

NATHAN N. SALANT: Associate Sports
Editor-ASP (one year) Asst. Sports Director-
WSUA (one year). AMIA Treasurer (2 years)

 MATTHEW SEIDEN: Vice-Pres.-Class of ‘76,

-' as

U n iversity Senate-Colonial Quad,
Clia'ir’p'éir‘so'iiL'Cbuncil'on‘ Academic Freedom &
Ethics (Senate)

ANDY DOLAN: Central Council ‘74-5, Un-

‘mi'i’lersity Senate ‘73-5, Viewpoint-Assoc. Ed. &

Advertising Manager

TOMMY SCHERBENKO: Excecutive
Committee-University Senate ‘75, S U N Y
Albany Friends of the Farmworkers—
V icechairperson ‘73-5, US-China People‘s

Friendship ASSOC. of S U NY A-Chairperson ‘73- 5

DONNA ANN HARRIS: Design Ed.-Viewpoint

'75-6, 4 plus 2, American Studies Club

STEPHEN GOLDSTON E: Tri Beta (bio. honor
society), Pre— Med & Prc- Dent Society-Historian ‘74-

5, Albany State Cinema ‘72-5

JERRY ALBRECHT: Controller - SA ‘74-5, ASP
Business Manager {73—4, member TXO Fraternity

_  inform voters, MYskania
’75 has campiledtbis list of candidates.

 

 

BILL DUKER: Pres. Pre-Law Society, Chairman
Signum Laudis, Rhetoric & Communication Assoc.
- founder & chairman

MAUREEN DE MAIO: SA Used Book
Exchange-manager, Central Council-Indian
Quad ‘74-5, Indian Quad Board

DAVE COYNE: Student Govt.- a lot,
Academic Org.s - are you crazy‘?, Misc. Ac-
tivities - eating, breathing, sleeping

IRA LEE BIRNBAUM: Vice Pres. SA ‘74-5,
FSA Board of Directors, University Senate

BOB O‘CONNOR: SA Supreme Court Justice,
Class Council ‘76 - ‘72-4, Class of ‘76 Treasurer -

‘74-5

AN DY BAU MAN: SASU Coordinator, Cen-
tral Council, Supreme Court Justice

BOB O‘BRIEN: Assistant to SA Pres., AMIA
Student Assistant, Dutch Quad Judicial Board

MICHAEL MEYER: Indian Quad Board
President ‘73-5, FSA Board of Directors ‘74-5,
Chairperson - FSA Food Advisory Committee
‘74-5

DAVE BLOOM: Volunteer Office Coor-
dinator - ACT, Indian Quad Board ‘72-5, Indian
Quad Judicial Board ’72-5

LIN DA KABODIAN: Executive Committee -
SASU Student Assembly, SA Budget Com-
mittee ‘73-4, University Task Force of Housing

 

Problems

RICK MECKLER: Stipend Committee - Cen-
tral Council - Chairman, WSUA Committee
Chairman - Central Council, FSA 2nd alternate
delegate

DOUGLAS FOX: University Student Judicial
Comm. Co-chairman, University Senate ‘74-5,
University-Community Orchestra ‘72-5

MYSKANIA I975 has endorsed T2 of the 22 candidates based on the constitutuional requirements of

university contribution and leadership and the members knowledge of t

The list indicating those endorsed will be published elsewhere, VOTE WISELYI!

********

ALL CANDIDATES AND THEIR GUESTS ARE INVITED

TO TAPPING CEREMONIES SUNDAY MAY4, 7:30 pm,
CC ASSEMBLY HALL. A RECEPTION FOR ALL PRESENTi
WILL FOLLOW °

Iran/rd hr .i/rult'lil tl.).lrlt‘itllftlll

 

 

 

. ~mmwamc.uwm W... .m.

D
he fulfillment of the activities listed. 3
1

 

With a Smile

To the Editor:

Of all the unpleasant procedures that
college students must submit themselves to.
registration is at the top ofthc list. It is one of
those trying situations where an incredible
amount of patience is required. After ﬁnding
that our time to pullcards is inconvenient, and
waiting on one line after another. we then
often have to face the disappointment and
frustration of being closed out of the classes
we want. Among the masses of social security
numbers competing for a limited amount of
space. the tension rides and the moods are not
good.

I am not writing this letter to vent my
feelings of frustration over registration. It is
something that must be done. and the only
way to bypass it is to drop ottt. Ilut I do want
to take the time to thank the people in the
administration who. to my mind. make
registration as efficient as possible and keep
their smiles throughout. I offer a special
tribute to Robert ladeltica. who had the
misfortune of being posted at the entrance in
front of the lines of annoyed and impatient
students. We are fortunate in that we orin
have to beat registration one day. (I irririg one
specific time slot each semestemvhile all those
poor souls must be there from beginning to
end.

Susan Schwab

Protection for All

To the Editor:

| feel compelled to comment on your
Tuesday April 22nd editorial entitled "Saving
Energy.“ This article condemns the recent
practice of banning cigarette smoking in
public places. in order to afford protection for
those people who do not smoke. The editorial
concedes that the ban is unfair because “every
time a car is driven. a McDonald‘s hamburger
eaten. a product produced. an aerosol can
sprayed. or an tinsafe food additive used
people‘s health is affected." It is undeniably
true that car exhaust fumes add to pollution
which is harmful to a person‘s health. It is
equally as true that producing a product.
spraying an aerosol can. usingan urisiilc food
additive. or eating unhealthy foods are not
good for it person. However. the fact that
Cigarette smoking is not the only dangerous
practice indulged in is an incredibly illogical
and unreasonable excuse for continuing to
allow smokers to endanger the health of non-
smokers.

II has been provcri that the inhalation of
smoke because of another person's smoking is
just as dangerous to the Illill'SllltihL‘l' as dirch
inhalation is to the smoker. It a person has the
right to decide how important his own health
is to him. he has no right to refuse to allow
another person to make this same decision: if a
smoker insists upon smoking lll public, he is
denying the other people prescnt this basic
right. The inconvenience to a smoker is
miniscttle compared to the threat of getting
cancer or'cnipliyscinii due to another person's
thoughtlessncss. There also are people who

 

are allergic to cigarette smoke and who could
have an asthma attack because of it. One}
own enjoyment should not blind one to the
needs and rights of others; a public place must
be as safe as possible for everyone.

The editorial obviously was writteneeither
by someone who has a dismaying lack of
information, or by a smoker who can not. or
does not want to, stop and rcsentshis freedom
tosmokc being curtailed forthe sakeofothcrs.
I sincerely hope that this editoriiil does not
trttly represent the views of the ASP.

Lattric Alpcr

The Golden Arches

To the Editor:

On Sunday evening, April 20. McDonald‘s.
the famous hamburger chitin. offered a
discount price on their hamburgers. l was very
distressed to see many of my fellow students
here at Albany State. drive out to cash in on
this "bargain."

The original McDonald‘s Were all roadside
restaurants, that slowly started creeping itito
the suburbs. It has now entered the cities.
inttcli to thedismay of neighborhood resident
groups. These groups clnini that McDonald's
becomes a hangout for urisaintly types of
characters. I cannot substantiate this
accusation; however, it is trtic that having a
McDonald‘s in a neighborhood does cause an
increase in traffic and litter. in a previously
quiet and clean neighborhood. Local
rcstaiiranteurs and merchants are equally
distressed with the “golden arches." It seems
that these small businessmen cannot compete
with the massive onslaught of advertising
done by McDonald‘s. The small businessman.
once the lith of this nation‘s economy. is being
ptrt out ol'business by standardized food and a
clown named Ronald.

I cannot write this letter without
nicntioningthc sins of Ronald the clown. lask
all Albany State students to try to remember
back to last year's Telethon. For weeks it was
announced that Ronald McDonald would be
in attendance to entertain the retarded
children oftlic Wildwood School. Then on the
evening of the Telethon. the alleged clown
called and said he wouldn‘t be appearing. No
reason was stated. no apology was given. The
logical conclusion is that the franchise saw an
opportunity to capitalize on some free
advertising. When it becameappiircnt tothcm
that the cost would outweigh the gain. they
withdrew their offer. without consideration of
the hundreds of retarded children who
expected to see a clown. It sceriis their cash
registers blocked their view of the community
in which they operate.

Last week in the legislatichffiee Building,
a group of private citizens sponsorcd a trip for
a class of mentally disturbed children. These
private citizens hired a magician and a band.
to try to make the day very enjoyable for the
kids. Of course. McDonald‘s had to get into
the act. Representatives from the corporation
handed otit to each child a plastic whistle. The
whole deal could not have cost McDonald‘s
more than SI .00. lwondcr. what percentage of
their corporate profits that ths'.’

McDonald‘s workers aren‘t unionized. 'l‘he
franchise owners. who often pay in excess of
SIIIUJIUII for a franchise. realize that by
resisting organization of their workers. they
can continue their policy of revolving-door
hiring and firing. firing of "trouble makers."
paying extremely low wages and providing

|ll'ttt.‘ltt'itll) no other benefits that workers in
comparable occupations haic.

We as stiidcnts how an ohligatioii to make
corporations responsive to the needs of thc
L'tllllllllllllh We liri\ c a responsibility to make
sin».- Ili.ii toipoiiitiolts iit‘cliol goiiigtocxpltilt
lllt'll workers. It is our responsibility.
therefore. to boycott hlclloiiald's.

.locl ||. Sicgal

 

APRIL 29, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Freedom’iét Ehoice 1 °

To the Editor:

I demand that the good and thoughtful
students at SU NYA vote no on the mandatory
$4.00 fee for NYI’IRG. There are a number of
reasons wlty I feel this way.

Firstly. this deities a student the freedom of
choice that is the basis of‘adeinocriiticandfrcc
society. Someone who does not support this
measure is being denied his basic rights under
the constitution to support or not to support
an organization of one‘s free (not coerced)
choice. Nobody should be denied an
education by refusing to pay an arbitrary.
dictatorial tax. as this is.

Secondly. there is a question of the legality .

of this mandatory fee for a specific
organization. thus. denying the other groups
funded by SA an equal right to the same fund

it rwl'i'r'r
(1'

raising methods. linactmcnt of this
referendum would give all stich groups on
campus a quasi-legitimate claim to cqtial or
commensurate funding. [be Fourteenth
Amendment guarantees t't/Iltl/Ill' under the
law. btit enactment ofthis rclericndum would
discriminate against the other line clubs and
organizations on campus.

Althouin all students are consumer's, if the
sitttatiori were reversed. would the consumers

not connected with, eg at n 
willing to accept a special tax far sustaining an
on campusgroup remotelyr‘v , concerned
theirinee‘ds'! The answer is an obvious no! ‘

How many SUNY‘A students Would be
interested in the quality of Health Spas in
Queens‘l'This is just one example ofrthe
misdirected research that NYI’IRG is doing. If
NYPIRG can be controlled. then maybe its V
activities could be channelled in a positive
direction. when that organization does
research into the quality of Health Spas in
Queens then. it is not unreasonahlcto say stop
this trivia.

If this referendum is passed. I promise to
take it to either the State or Federal Courts to
test its legality and its inherent limitations on
the freedom of choice. -

Douglas Anntot

Equal Time

To the Editor:

I think that the inclusion of the article in
’l'ucsday‘s issue (ASP. 4 22) about Jon
chenson. the SA Ombudsman shows
unethical decision making on your part.
Certainly the editor in eliiefor the news editor
must realize that .lon is a candidate I'ortbc SA
Vice-Presidency. the appearance of an article
about liisduties certainly appears as a political
move. rather than an act based on good news
reporting.

An article concerning the Ombudsman
could have appeared many weeks ago. or in
llll' weeks after the SA cl -etiion. I hope that
.AISI’ editors will exercisclbetter judgement
iiitlie future. '

Eric L. Kuchn

 

I" fll’l“ A_lbiui_\i Studcjnl Ill’  I't'.\'t‘l'\‘t‘.\ Illt'
rig/II It! prilll (Jl'  fi'flt‘l'w IrI I/tt‘ t'rlifril‘.
Submi/ /t‘ll('l‘.\' I'l'l'l:'Il’R/7'7'I;'.\’ Io ('rlm-
pux ('t'nri'r J26. flt/tfl't'Mt't/ lu lit/iloriul

I'tlgt' lit/iltll'.

 

/ t

 

Perspectives

 

Vote--For Me

 

by Pat (‘urran J

Would you do me a big l'avor'.’ I’It'ux't' vole/or Illt‘. I‘m not rtiiuiing for anything. but that‘s
precisely why sonicbody‘s got to vote for me. Graduating seniors. like me. can't run and we can‘t
vote. I‘m not complaining. btit Ijtist want someone to vote for me: Vote in my place. that is. If
you were planning to ignore the polls on the dinner lilies this week. you’re just the person he
been looking for.

By no! voting at all. you‘ll be helping to (It: t'fll two very important rcl'cr'cnda that are on the
ballot for your consideration (And yoti thought yoti cotild avoid getting involved). You'd better
think carefully before you decide conscioust to avoid casting your vote. Not to vote is to \olc.
you see.

Both the NYI’IRU and mandatory lax rcfcrcnda require that 20‘}; of the eligible \otcrs
participate in the election in order to make the results binding. l’he reason that this election. this
week. is especially important to me is that I spent a year helping to form the Public Interest
Research (iroup at SUNYA.

l’lRUs have a little something to do with a lot of things: the environment. consumerism.
citizenship and government. corporate America. you name it. l’lR(is have a lot to do With the
fact that students college students are interested in working to solve problems in these areas.
biit lack the timeand expertise needed to achieve results. 'l'hat‘s where the lull-time professionals
come in. Lawyers. scientists. organizers often young and always underpaid arc hired by
students who tax themselves in order to get tlicjob done. llie students select the-projects. its
llicy‘vc doric in New York, and they also do the work With the help of the staff. In many cascslhe
students. like those frorii Albany State. receive academic credit for their work in I’IRG projects.
Nice arrangement. if you ask me.

lhit I don‘t have to tell you this. You're Albany State! You now have one of the most active
l’lR(i groups in the state. if not the country. In just two short years SUNYA students by tltc
hundreds have worked on over lifty projects ranging from urisiilc toy studies to overpriced
prescription drug surveys; from bicycle lock tests to a thorough review of the New York State
Legislature.

In the past two years I've spoken in classrooms about I’IRU. carried petitions that asked fora
new line on the tuition bill. took President Bette/ct arid Chancellor lloyer to court when they
refusal to honor 5.000 signatures. and sat-in at the President's nflice to end a 7-wcck delay of
approval of I’lRti funds thts year.

Now NYI’IRU is on the ballot at last. The question. peoplcsay.isnot whethcrwc like I’IRG
(‘becnusc cit-ri'hotli likes I’IR (i‘). btit whether we should be "forced" to pity for it. Funny thing.
No one ever seems to worry about all the things they‘re “forced” to do until something is on it
I clcrcndrini which allows voters to aceept or reject it by free choice. Sort ottt the arguments about
"clinic-e“ a rid see how many apply exclusively to N RU. Very few. We‘re “forced” to pay state and
federal taxes. to obey stop signs. and to pay the SA lax. there is nothing intrinsically wrong with
the mandatory nature of the tax. so lorig as it is imposed by the free choice of the majority,
without trampling the human rights of the minority. l dort‘t think l’lR(i does that.

lll order for SUNYA‘s own l’lRti to continue to belong to the statewide NYI’IR(i without
spending so niticli iinic organizing and seeking funds. I urge you to vote "yes" on the NYPIRG
rclci'cnduin. (‘onsidcr it a favor. Vote [or me.

PAGE ELEVEN

 

 

