  
 
 
  
  

   
    
 
 
  
    

 
 
 
  

   
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 

  
   

 

pie who are interested in renting
their? buildings to ; State university
students ‘by' placing advertisements

the ads are‘ requir to
' they have a certificate 0 Occupan-
‘cy. The Housing Office is also work-

  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
    
    
   
         
  
  
      
     
 
   
   
 

{coniirnrcdfmm pagefour

ill a ‘
dons all-out effort.” The only thing
the Board of Trustees (I972) requires
is a Certificate of Occupancy and no
discrimination. r

The Housing Officediscovers peo-

in’ locaifpapers. Peo ie who answer
rove that

ing with the Capital District Proper-
ty Owner‘s Organization in this area.
On cam us. there are about ISO
students a ve full capacity. Even
the R.A.‘s are accepting roommates.
These students are being shunted
into Brubacher Hall and any ripen
rooms on the uptown campus. By
September l4. everyone will be pluc-

ed. The YMCA is being recommend-
ed to students who have difficulty

fin tgaroom.

This year. with the help of the
S.A.. the Alumni Associtition.orthe
State University itself. students are
going to try to build apartment corti-
piexes near the school. State land on
i’itller Road may be rented with the
mortgage being paid by student
rental. this may be lielpl'til to
married students.

A group called the Student

Dwellings Inc. “ill be iitili/ed to im- I

prtiie existing buildings. The Cor-
poration trill rel'nrin iii three weeks.
\titli ii hoaitl til probably 50%
students and 50'; faculty. ‘l his won‘t
be operative lot a few years.

New Citizen

r-miriilm't/ Irum [unu- /ii't'

Saindon has discussed the ques-

titni nl distributing The New ('ili':i'li

on the SUNYA campus with Stu-

dent /\ssticiatitin I'i‘esident Andy

llauman. Sitindon said tltat "we‘re

not planning to give out free
copies “1: don't want to get fitted
into ti student mold." but he added
that some special deal might he
orketl out with SA.
DRIVE OUR CARS
FREE
To Florida, Caliiornia and ui'
cities in the USA.
AAACON AUTO
TRANSPORT
89 Shaker Road
Terrace Apartment
Albany, NY.
462-747]
Must be 18 years old

 
     

 

STEREO
Components

at
Discount Prices

Kurt -- 436-1851

l

 

 

You can get a
Student Association

Tax Card

from 10-3

Saturday .

First Floor -

Campus Center

 

 

   
  
 
    
  

  
       
 
 
        
      
     
       
 
 
    
   
 
    
  
 
     
 
 
   

  

In Rochester, NewYork. it's been happening for years.

The youth is a member of TOPs. Teens on Patrol.
A group of boys and girls from the inner city who
work with police each summer to help keep city rec-
reation areas safe and orderly.

TOPs was conceived by Eastman Kodak Com-
pany and Rochester Jobs. Inc. in 1967. it has brought
about a greater understanding and mutual respect
between police and young people from the surround-
ing community.

TOPS don't have the power to make arrests. but
they learn about police by working with them. Wear-
ing special jackets and T-shirts, they ride in squad
cars. Walk the beat. Monitor calls at the station. Su-
pervise kids at pools and playgrounds. For which
they're paid a salary.

Police come into the neighborhood as particl-

   

  
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
      
  
      
      
       
      
       
        
      
      
       
  
   

pants. not observers. When they get to know the

people they're sworn to protect
interests can be better served.
Why does Kodak provide

TOPS? Because helping the people of Rochester
communicate with one another helps build a better
community in which the company can operate and
grow. In short. It‘s good business. And we're in busi-
ness to make a proiit. But it’s also good for society.
The same society our business depends on.

it a company that makes pictures can't help peo-

ple see more clearly. who can?

M whabudm

 
 
 
 
  
 
  

CONDO". AIRID » p   . 4 a ‘ ’;» ' .. :‘ ~ ,~ ’ '

A San Jose, California. television ' ; ’ - r  :_ ‘  '  , ‘ -  ' r   IMP . -
station which banned a commercial =" r ‘  . ' ‘ 1 . v . It“
formale contraceptivesaftervicwert "Mil ""hlﬂi ,
corn tamed. has reversed its policy xiiiedollions'swhich '-
and. is showrng the commercial once  $0 “I with P0! Hvﬁleﬂm
agiitn. ‘ t . ' plastic.” -

felevtsion station KNTV said I
that. after initial complaints. hun-
dreds of other calls poured in to the
station. asking .that the condom
commercials be shown.

As a result of the San Jose ex-
perience. other T.V. stations across
the country will be offered the con-
dom ads; 3 station in Cleveland,
WJAN. has already scheduled the
30-second spot.

Presently. .television stations
which subscribe to the National
Association of Broadcasters code
may not air the birth control com-

 
 
  

   

MeDonough claims he is cum
from prosecution by a ruling-of ; '
Federal. Narcotics Bureau—tint.
embedding the weed in plastic con-
stitutes destroying it. ‘
'However. deputies raided Me-
Donough's store. The Marjjunna '
Menagerie. over the weeken . and
conﬁscated all of his toilet seats.
Deputy Ralph Tolman explains:
“Our chernists feel that the plastic
does not destro the contents. If the
chemist can pul out the T.H.C.—the
drug that makes your head go
funny—we will have a case.”

 
  
  
 

   

BREAST! ENLARGID

A Navy surgeon in Long Beach
has come up with an apparent
“miracle dntg that seems to enlarge
breasts. improve your IQ and
memory. cure baldness and reverse
senility.

Ca tain George Hart of the US
Now: Hospital in Long Beach says
that the name of the wonder cure is
"ox gen“—plain. ordinary oxygen.

art has been specializing in
treating severely-bamed patients

HONOR THY MOTHER police_ agencies expect
A Cleveland man has fileda :50.- revolutiontiries" to itch a niacin;
000Iuitagainstafuneralparlorafter. mystpllnt or is similar atom:
the parlor allegedly and a dam aeilttyt other police are quoted or
truck to transport hit mothers predicting that a group such as the
casket to her grave. weather underground may attempt
Bruce Miller filed the action as a to Steal germ warfare materials from
result of a service co ucted last the Pentagon‘ and use it against the
April. Miller says that following the general POPUIIOG- The magazine
services in a mausoleum, he told the claims that federal police informers
funeral director he wanted to escort have penetrated similar plots in the
his mother to the burial site for past. .
graveside services. 'The magazine concedes that no
His complaint says the next thing killings have eVer been traced to the
he saw was a group of men in hand weather undergrounthut says I976
hats load his mother‘s casket onto a ' may bcdifferent. Us Neii'squotes an
dump truck and take off. with cars FB} ofﬁcuil as saying: “They‘ve
carrying mourners in pursuit, The deliberately avaidedktllingsbecause
suit charges thisth the gmvesite. the they. don‘t want to alienate their
casket was unceremoniously public supporters. but they seem to
dumped into the grave. c entering a new phase. and all that
could change.“

SNOBBISH MARTIANS ’
An expert on unidentiﬁed objects 

    

  

 

  
   
     
   

   
 

 
 

mercials. That code specifically for- with “by erbaric oxygenation
bids the airing of spots which plug l:
such things as over-the—counter con-
traceptives. the drinking of beer.and
cvcn shots of the human armpit.

therapy.“ T etherapy involved plac-
ing patients in a pressurized con-
tainer of oxygen. similar to the treat-
ment applied to a diver with the
bends.

The doctor has found. however.
that all sorts of cosmetic side effects
commonly occur—including a
rapidly improved mind and
memory. new hair'growth and even
an end to impoten . '

Hart laments the act that most of
the qualities from his treatments
appeal to those he calls “the vain
people of the world."But. he says.he
envisions the day when corporations
mightgivc regular treatments of
pressurized oxygen treatments to
their young executives to kee them
in tip-top physical and menta shape

 
 
 
   
 

 

  
 
  
   

says that advanced civilizations may
exist on other planets. but they have
decided not to respond to the Earth's
primitive efforts to communicate. v
Doctor J. Allen Hynek. the Direc- Are you ready for the "Julie Nixon .‘j
tor of the Center For UFO Studies. Eisenhower Show” on nationwide .1
told an audience at the “Star Trek" 'l‘.\/.‘.’ .i ,
convention in Chicago thatbeings of Warner Brothers Television ,i
an advanced intelligence may reports it is packaginga variety-talk

   
   
   

I LOVE JULIE

  

   

  

    

  

   

for decades. totally unimpressed by our attempts show to be hosted by the dtt tighter of

to communicate by radio. the former president. Warner

DOGGV DENS Hynek said thatextrtiterrestrials Brothers" Vice President Edward
Parisisthefirstcityintheworidto BICENTENNIAL SABOTAGED mity view our efforts at electro- lllier says:"ltisintheearly stagcsof

‘ begin constnicting public flush US News and World Re or! magnetic communication in the preparation. to bccither syndicated

or sold to a major network."

same way we view communication . ‘ I I 
Blicr claims that Julie is a natural 

through the use of tom toms.

More than 10.000 “’l‘rekkies" or
“Star Trek“ fans attended the con-
ference which featured appearances
reports that by members of the crew of the
Starship Enterprise.

POT POTTIES

claims that radical terrorists mm
the underground “are building up
their arsenals" to violently disrupt
next year‘s bicentennial celebrations
in the US.

The magazine
numerous state and federal in-
telligence officers have compiled
evidence indicating that about 20
different underground groups have
plans for violentdisruptions in 1976.
According to the magazine. some

toilets for dogs.

Sanitation officials will soon be
installing the roofless concrete struc-
tures. complete with f lowersand per-
fume. at key locations throughout
the French wpital.

To encourage dogs to do their
thing. the facilities will exude a
special perfume to lure poochcs
toward the running water. Flushing
chores. however. will be left to the
owners.

WHO CARES
Apathy on college campuses is
‘ said to be on the increase. but how
about this story out of Ohio.

The Student Governing Board at
Ohio University recently voted to
abolish itself. A week later. the
former student body president called
a meeting with other interested stu-
dent leaders todiscuss possiblcalter-
natives. No one showed up.

T.V. personality. saying he is im-
pressed with her “intelligence.
straightforwardness and humor.“
Even if the “Julie Nixon -
Eisenhower Show" happens to 
bomb. Julie has other irons in the
fire: The Christian Science Monitor
Sheriff‘s deputies in Salt Lake is reporting that she is under con-
City are attempting to extract mari- siderution for the job as co-host of
jutina leaves from toilet seats in an A.ll.C.‘s “A.M. America" show.

 

 

  
  
   
 
    

   
   
 
 

 

    
    
 

    
 
        
     
         
         
 
 

    
   
   

 
    
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE SIX

ALBANY STUDENT puss

    

 

 
          

 

 

r’
t , Waivers of mandatory Student Tax 
i ' are “available if you fit Into
t Th 'II b “ ‘ '
ere WI e a ‘i one of the following categories : ;
0 G I t: a) Clergy -
i  ti bi live more than a 30 mile radius from SUNEYA :
1; : cl work more than'35 hours per week i
i . 0 d) responsible for Support or care of a child
i; meeting J
i .i Half-motivate are available If:
,  i a) you are student teaching during the semester
1: t b) you have'the GI bill as primary means ;,
0 0 for financing your education £3
i T'
. they learn how their : P.| .R.G . t: 
financial support to , J Documentation must be submitted 
i J as proof of the following: ‘; t;
i . 
0 a) support of child .
i .
’azoo SEPTEmBER a " b’ 
l: in  23 0 applications can be obtained in CC 346
3 A Chance to really 3 I cc in Id NY I h ffl )
. ono'o co
, get involved :t or n (o t. .p
, and be heard t MON—Fri. 9:30 to 4:30 and must
’ PIRG- Find out what we’re all about.
i. be returned by mon. September 8.
l A A ‘ :ztzztzz‘ ‘ ‘1212‘ it: v
SEPTEMBER S, 1975 "" ' ,
SEPTEMBER 5, 1975 . , ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE SEVEN

 

