 

  Milo-n. 
Agains Rape (AWARE)

hosted a benefit'coneert in the Carn- ~

pus Center ballroom with high hopes
of raising money for thegro'up’s con-
tinuation and expansion of service to
victims of rape and other sexual
abuses inthe’Albany area. The show
ran. over 4 hours in length and-
featured}! acts. Unfortunately. only
a sparse‘c‘rowd showed up for the
command theorganizers of the
bétlfit found themselves hoping to
break even. /

The concert featured music that
ran the gamut from folk songs to
country rock and Beatle tunes. and
wasorgnaized and produced by Teri
Holbrook. a student member of
AWARE.

One at the pertonnere who volunteered his talents for the AWARE

 mem s‘ of, Lesbians for Libera-
tion. kicked‘off the concert with skits
and songs about the women’s move-
‘ment. The high point of their act was
at skit about a ‘ Karate-proﬁcient
young lady who h itches a ride with a
trtrck driver who tries to handle her
‘merchandisc’ once too much and
winds up catch inga nasty beating. In
court. hotvever. it was the lady who
got the short end ofthe stick by being

indicted for assault. An interesting I

commentary on the alienation of
women. ‘

Dave Doherty and Steve Fis hman
followed. with a collection of songs
by Anterica. Aztec Two Step. and
the New Riders of the Purple Sage.
Steve 1. Fishman played guitar
smoothlyand skillfully, but the two‘s

: ii

“I”

g roup'e venture.

casing and treat-ting

1be '

(Suzanne, Chris A Je

songs of the women‘ser merit.

political sengs of workerd ‘ .
ftioti and unionism. and tunes by
David Crosby and Bob Dylan. The
voices of the girls were very good.
and Susanne‘s guitar playing was
well done. » t t

Nelly Brown. with .a strong but
sensitive voice sang her own songs
about interpersonal relationships.

The other acts. which included
John Simpson playing guitar and
singing solo, Lisa Monsour doing
the same.andtheAllenCenter‘sown
Kim Krieger playing'instrumentals
rounded out the evening and made
for an interesting concert.

The only trouble with the benefit
was that for the most pttrt eact
played for too. long.thus hurting
their eff and making them less en-
joyable. The benefit as a whole.
though not a grettt show was well put
together and provided a pleasant
cvctring for those who attended.

Before the show. I spoke with
Freya Katz. Susan langdon. and
Teri Holbrook. Ms. Katz is the
founder of AWARE. and Ms.
Langdon is a nurse practioncr who
works with the group. The three ex-
plained the goals and objectives of
AWARE.

AWARE is a young organization.
but is planning an expansion and is
seeking state funding. As ofnow the
group has 72 active members. 34 of
whom are trained in counseling rape
victims. One ofthe main goals ofthe
organization is to make all people
realize that rape is a serious matter
and is. not a joke. Everybody. it

' A Culinary Smorgasbord

 

by Mellssa Carat
and Sandy ﬂlenbogen

Spring has ﬁnally arrived and
quite soon so will the parents. They
will be coming to take us home after
finals and a week later for granda-
tion. Since most parents will have
cars. and will want to take us out
“somewhere nice."we have compiled
an appropriate list of suggestions.

Chinese - The best choice here is
Jack‘s. which isin amotclon Central
Avenue just past route 155. The
decor is rather garish. the table is set
with knives. but thefood is authentic
and quite good. The egg rolls. forcx-
a mple. are chock full of meatand not
greasy at all. Traditional Cantonese

Although the specialty is sea food.
we have found their daily specials to
be the best choice. These
preparations are often quite novel.
and invariably delicious. It is
necessary to dress up somewhat for
dinner. though not for lunch. even
though the prices are moderate.
The Barnsidcr. located in the back
of Colonic Center serves simple. but
excellent steaks. chops. and sea
food. The meat is thick.ju icy. crusty
and flavorful enough not to be
overwhelmed by the charcoal broil-
ing. In addition. a very ample salad
bar is at the diner's disposal. with
crisp green salad and fixings. ryeand
pumpcrnickcl breads. and a huge

block of cheddar cheese. The at-
mosphere is dark. with atndles on
butcher block tables. saw dust on the
floor and scurrying waiters in
butcher smocks. The service is
marvelous. with water glasses being
constantly refilled.

Carp's Tavern. on Lark Street and
Hudson Avenue. offers a whole
boiled lobster dinner for $4.95. ltr
addition to the W4 lb. lobster.an Ull-
usual salad bar featuring different
kinds of breads. slaws and salads is
on hand.

Delicatessen - For yutrs Joe‘s
(Madison and Ontario) was the best
word indcli in Albany. Unfortunate-

rseerii.‘vshere:'aveom on' pe-ntyt:

.~.'and‘re'aettt"with some he :the‘

subject is brought up. No'part or t

n.» myth lisany ttj'uth toit.aecor-‘

ding-toMsh’ Kat'z. Langdon, and
Holbrook. ' ‘ '  V,
First off. the ‘being dragged ittto
the bushes‘ image is false. Most
Women know their rapist
beforehand. casually. Rapists are
not all full-blown perverts. nor are
they always necessary . black or
young. There is actually little
difference between a 'rape personali-
ty‘ and a‘normal personality'. Only a
snmll percentage of rapists are psy-
chotic. The belief that only a ‘floozie'
will get raped is patently false. The
victim-initiated rape is amisconcep-
tion on the part ofmost people.
AWAREisadiverseorganization
of volunteers~among which are
doctors, nurses. social workers. psy-
chologists. high school students,
middle-aged people. members of the
black community. the Delmar

ua‘iun’
.t v

Progress (Jab. Through talk shows
school appearances and lectures at
[ Albany Med. The ‘group wants to
educate everyone about rape. the
victims in particular. AWARE
offers‘medical information. prosecu.
tion and court information. referrals
for anti-pregnancy precautions. psy.
chological counseling and Vi) treat-
ment. Counseling at the Albany
Med. Emergency Room is planned
for the near future. All eounsclingis
confidential. except for incidents in-
volving minors or covered under
reportable statutes. Women alone
do one-to—one counseling with rape
victim.

AWARE has a crisis line
telephone number. which operates
seven days a week frotn 7:00 pm
through 3:00 am. The number is
393—l I65. It‘s a toll-free call from a
home phone. Calling frorn a public
phone requires a call to the operator
to request a collect call.

' t’

*0.’

y 

The Aunt Molly Jackson Sincere pertormlng at the AWARE Benefit
Concert.

 

ly. Joe‘s has slipped quite a bit
recently and we recommend. in-
stead. a trip to the Menu. Western
Avenue. and Rte. l55. in theTwenty
Mall. or l’latt‘s l’lace. Wolf Road
opposite Macy's. The Menu. run by
Joe's old mtitrc d‘. combines plea-
sant atmosphere with enormous
sandwiches. Also available are full
dinners and scrumptious desserts.

l’latt‘s is run cufctcriu st) lc and t~ .t
great place for families with i.|ti\
The sandwiches are even Itttgel ilk'lt.
desserts are fantastic. and them is to
ice cream parlor under the same
roof. of special note lor those will
large appetites is the llllbz')
dru mstick special. a turkey Ittz.
salad. and potato salad or colt- sin 
all for $|.70.

 

dishes such as war slru opp (pressed
duck) are available as well as more
unusual fare. including several war
bur dishes. These are assortments of
meats and vegetables which when
combined with the accompanying
rice. sizzle and hiss right in front of
you.

Italian - Fannic‘s. on Old London
Road and Rte. 7. one block cast of
the Latham Circle. has recently ex-
panded due to its trememdous pop-
ularity. 'lhe usually long line in front
of the restaurant is well worth
waiting in. The Chicken Fiorcntino.
a boned chicken breast stuffed with
prosciutto and asparagus. covered
with cheese. and baked in tomato
sauce, is indicative of the style and
quality ofthe preparations. The veal
cutlet parmcsan is the best webave
ever tasted. The spaghetti with sea
food. chosen with white clam sauce.
is also an excellent choice.

Antericun and Sea Food - Jack's
Oyster House. at the bottom ofState
Street is one of the few restaurants
left in downtown Albany. The at-
mosphcre represents Albany life as it
used to be. with its faded elegance
arid the pictures ofdowntown in its
heyday. It is “rise “crowded with.
legislators and businessmen. ‘

 

(than.

Leadership positions are still available for people
WiShlng 10 work 0" mngﬁg  next semester.

Please contact Robin at 7-5211 or Dave at 7-3427

Would like to thank all volunteers, and all teachers who

have cooperated and helped to make A.C.T. successful.

amongst

5“:

t. tttttun

\s.

l

-. 5T1MI'K'II:

has... room“  ' ~

Pygmalion ’8 Love. Comes toTLife 

 

l’ygmulion had seen the women (of Cyprus) lead
shameful lives. and he was appalled at the faults with
which nature has so richly endowed tltc female mind.
Thus he lived alone. without a wife or mistress in his

chamber.

Meanwhile he fashioned with marvelous skill a snow-
white statue ofivory and gave it grctttcr beauty than any
real woman crtn poss s. And then he fell in love with his
own creation. The image looked like a trttc maiden: you
rniglrl think that she wasalive and. if modesty would per-
mit. that she wanted to move. So rnuclt was art cottcetrled

by art.

l’ygmalion admired his own work. and the love itr his
heart grew stronger. Often he wotrld rttn his hands over
the stutttc. to see whetherit was llesh or ivory. and would
not admit that it wasonly ivory. He kissed her. imagined
that she kissed him too. spoke to her. held her. thought
that his fingers \ve re pressing her limbs. and feared that

he might bruise her.

Sometimes he spoke to her lovingly. and someti mes he
brought her presents. such as girls like. shells. srrtootlr
pebbles. little birds. ﬂowers of a thousand colors. lilies.
colorful halls. artd lumps ol'ambcr. I-le cvett dressed her
limbs iii a robe. placed rings on her lingers. and put a
long necklace around lter neck: earrings lrtrng from her

ears and ribbons from ltcr bosom.

All tltescthings made her look lovely: but she wasjust

her on a spread dyed purple ttnd caliber his wife: under 
her neck he would putttsoftpillow. as ifshecould feelit.

A holiday to Venus hrrd come around and all over
Cyprus the crowds had gathered. Heifers with snow-

white necks necksartd with tltcirctrrved horns dipped in

gold had fallen as sacrifices: incense was bttrning.
l’ygmttlion performed his rites and stood at the altars.
Ti midly he spoke: “ If you can gra nt ttll things. Oh gods.l
risk that I may have a wife." He did not dare to say “the
girl of ivory for my wife." but only said “a wife like the
girl of ivory." Golden Venus herself was present at her

festival atrd understood the intent of the prayer. three

times. as an indication ofdivine favor. the flame on the
tlilttt‘ leaped up into the air.

l’ygnralion returned to his ltousc and his girl-statue.
lle laydotvn on the bed by herand kissed her: she sec med
to glow. He kissed her again and caressed her breasts
nit h his hands: the ivory softened when handled. lost its

stiffness. and yielded to the touch... l’ygnrttlion was

stunned. did not kttow whether lorcjoiee.and \wtsal't'aid
of decc ption. Aguitr ltc loved ltcr attd again he touched
her. It was a living body! The veins were pulsing under
his thtrrnb. Then l’ygnralion said his thanks to Venus
With many words. At last he kisses real lips, and the girl
could feel his kisses atrd blushed. 'l'lrrridlyslte opetted her

eyes and beheld heaven and her lover at the some time.

as beautiful when slrcwasnuked. l’ygmalion would place

Students Experiment With ‘Godot’

by Alan D. Abbey

ll’ttl/rittg onstage. lint/ting. grub-
lritrg at his right ankle Ilrt' t‘lrtrvtrixlr
I 't'gurt- t'tr tt ruttplt'tl .vuil l/lrt't' .ll:t‘.\' tuo
[rig/or Illllll/tl/IA otr tltt-gr'uttttt/tttrtl
ltt'gt'tts I/i.‘\'l’rli\'/lll' ripping all his
hour. [It's .rtrttgg/t' t'otrtitrttm tttttil
tIlltIl/lt'l‘ ltlrlll. Itltll‘t‘ trttttilt' t/I‘tﬂfa‘t’tl
I/mtt Ilia/irrt, tvttlkr lwltt'trtl him.

" Nothing to [w tlutrt'.” (film/A [/10

Matt. and l/lt' .vt't'otttl ml" (I train.
- .L

The first day back frotrr winter
recess. Doug Suvttll proposed to his
friend Steve Bookbinder that they
perform sotneoriginul s kits on their
quad (Colonial). or wherever they
eottld find a space. Bookbinder was
interested and they began looking
for something to do soon after. their
idea for original material having
lallerr through.

Suvall eventually began irr-
vestiuttting the possibility of using

the PAC. and soon run into trouble.
Being non-majors its well its
freshmen. they had little pull lit the
department. even though the
school‘s theatres are technically
open to everybody.

they eventually chose Samuell
Beckett‘s ll'rtitt'ttg /iu' (for/at and
went to the Experimental Theater
Board. having realitcd that only the
PAC had the facilities they needed.
'l'heir presentation was ‘wcak." ac-
cording to theater professorJoscph
Roach. bttt they were eventually
granted use of the Arena ’lhtzttet‘ by
Michael Sheehtttr. I’AC manager.
“It‘s only custom that only Theater
Department people put on plays.|t's
open to everyone." he said. Roach
said. “It's litre that they‘re not theater
students." and that they are in-
telligcttt attd creative people.

The little boy t‘tttrs ttttt‘tttgt'. Ittlt'

THEATRE

And Venus blessed the marriage she had tirade.

l‘rom the .llclrttrtarp/mitts of Ovid

t'_l't‘.\' ll‘fl/t.‘ lt‘ll/l fright. 17W Ittrttt‘lr
t/l‘t'.\.\t‘tl ttttttr gout over to him tttttl
the [my lt'”.\' him that Mr. (int/tit will
not t'tllllt’ tmlttr. ltttt lttltlttl’l‘tlll'. Ht'
rum tlll‘llvl'. .\t'rll’t‘t/. ’I'Itc trvo Im'tt take
the truths with rung/ration ttml mn-
lillllt' stunt/tug Alf/I tt/tt't' lrrtvt'ttg .tttt'tl
l/lt'_l' (ll't’ It'ttvitrg.

After procuring the theater they
t'euli/cd hon diflicult the play was
going to he. lhey had never seen a
production of it. uttd were not sure
what to do. as Beckett‘s stage direc-
tions are sketchy Michael Kttttl'mun
of the English Department gave
them some much needed guidance.
hill the play has been busiest ||y theirs.
They are directing themselves
tltrottglt this torturoust ttbsttrd
pluy.

Sttvrtll attd Bookbinder have
ttssctllhlcd the necessary technical
help. tnostly friend. with the excep-

/ ..

The Parlslan sculptor Etlenne Maurlct Falconet‘s depletion

oi Pygmallan and Galatea.

 

 

tion of Victor Sultan. \\ Ito is doitrg
the lighting. Sultan was gtven to
them by the Theater Department.
which said they must have an cs-
pcricnccd hand using the equipment.

lite) have run through the entire
play. bttt there are trrtttry ragged
edges, Lines are the major problem
now. bttt that can be easily trotted
out. Bookbinder said. “Until a week
and it half ago it wasn't going too
well. We weren't stt re of ourselves.

We have linttlly gotten theidett. lhe
non-scquilr is are finally making
hL‘llSC.

.'l.\ lltt‘ / tll (WI/A l/It'l' r/t‘t'lt/t‘ Itt
lrttttg l/lt’lll.\. llt‘.\ [loin/rt! than not
t/lrlll‘l/lt‘ Ilt‘ U Mar. l'ltt't/ott'trir/tottt'
[HI/ll «4/1 t illlt' gull tlllt/ ltl.lt‘.l /ti.\‘
[It/III.\. Ilt'. rl.\ll'l know it tlllt/l.t.\lll'-
[tr/.u't/ It'llt flt'tll/ll‘l‘lt'l/K/Iflll Iu/rttl
lll.\/lrllll.\l l on. "Slut/In t'go.""ottt'
tl.\/\\. " it... All go." l/lt‘ other
tlll.‘.|t‘t‘l'.\. .4.\ (In .ru/rtrgo tllIIl/lt'_l'tll't'
\Itttrt/ittg \tt'll.

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

@  lATHAM

lMtIc Norllt of [album Ctrcle Bl.‘J 785‘1515

‘)UN l ltl (Mil/\Hlo that l) lt)‘.l'l NI)
thin/lth Ill ‘. IN A l with lit rt Wt
Wllllt’\ llttllhl it

ill )U K NUW [\llttl ll ‘il )\
NUWll-AHN AHOUT llll

‘IYNN E,
at:
XAlllEllA HﬂllllNDEll

t\ Him Wt )MAN ll 1 l‘
llfl litllill

ll ll ltt )l tr;
ll ll Mt tvtl

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MAY 9, 1975

20th CENTURY-FOX PRESENTS

THE LAST
AMERICAN
, ﬁls-IEROH

223.: as.”

 

 

ORIENTAL RUG
"HOWING
SCATTER AND ROOM SIZES
including:
(turn Nam. Kirmtrn
Mtshktn. lrthrtt. llokhat'u

Friday. May I). W)
Saturday. May It). 9'5

Rowntownor Motor Inn. Wolf Rd

Colonle
LOUDON RUG GALLERY

 

 

 

X yyx yryxxx x xx x

 

 

 

Peace Project: and the student gov’t. of Junior College of Albany

present:

OUR ENERGY FUTURE:
the Nuclear Question

Como hear expert speakers discuss
this issue whlc'h will greatly offer:

workshops -slide shows

Saturday, May 10
10:00 am - 4:00

1:013. moist INFonMA'fION CALL 436-1803 or 462-3986

L all of our? llves.

-a. panel discussion
-v1deota.pes(includ1ng one with Ralph Nader)

in LC4

Iltllt/t't/ by Student .‘l.\'.l‘ttt'ilttfttll

t

both sides of

‘m.

pm

 

 

 

 

PAGE 3A

 

