tot Unlvorltty oil  at Albany

. ,,.:vmm.-u.wv .w

4

 

 

_ "In spdth'itieie at. mean» ,
[u mp suddenly into the ring during it balmy"  challenge the bull, without any prior

training. George PIiIiip ton. writerdndprofesstonaidmiiteur. it a‘ little more calculating,

than that. . . r

A 3 you might have expected. Pltmpton's life as a dabbler in unique professions has ‘

0c Chairman Forer
Won’t Repeat In Post 

by Robert Mayer

Ray Forer. chairman of the
Department of Sociology will not
seek attother tltree year term.

Forer communicated the message
in a memorandum delivered to the
adttiittistration and distributed tti
faculty and graduate students within
the departitteiit. The chairman
had cotiie under harsh criticism
recently by some faculty _and
students for demonstratingan insen-
sitiiity in tltc execution ol'ltisdutics
as ltead ol ltis departtticttt.

l-orcr‘s decisiott not to serve
another term as chairman leaves
tlte department \\ith just tltrec
niotitlts to seek oitt applicants aitd
decide on a candidate to succeed
lllllt. l)ean ol Social and Behavioral
Sciences. Richard Kcudelltiiust tiotv
appoint a search committee whose
responsibility will be. to screen
prospective candidates and make
suggestions on the chainitansltip.

the Dean told the Sltidcnt Press
Wednesday that no one has yet been
asked to serve on the searclt coin-
niittce bttt he expected to have tlte
membership designated within two
weeks.

Altltotigli tlte present cltairtnati
had rcconttitcnded iii his memoran-
dtiiit that ineiiihers of the search
committee be limited to outside the
Sociology department. Kendcll
appeared ready to ignore the sugges-
tion. the Dean mentioned two
criteria for establishing a committee
of this kind. First. tlte committee
would reﬂect the rank aitd tetiure
ditision of the department. This
would mean some balance would be

strtiek between tenured atid non-
tenured faculty. as well as the
various levels of aeadcntic rank. The
second criterion \ ‘as somewhat titore
subjective. Kendcll said. “I try to
reflect the probable quality of work

,‘that a person would do in thistask."

the make-up of a search cont-
tttittce is an important eletticnt of the
selection process. In a department
that has been divided for years. iust
who serves aiid who does not is a
matter ol coticcrtt to litany. l)etut
Kendcll has noted litat he would
cotistilt the Vice-President of
Academic Allairs. Phillip Sirotkitt
oti the composition of the colit-
iiiittec. l)r. Sirolkin would ttot coni-
Iticnl on whether tlic committee
would exclude members witltin the
Sociology department.

llotlt Kendcll and V" ‘r 'ident
Siiotkiii said that the uttivel‘sity’\'as
interested iit fitiditig a "top
sociologist"to till the vacancy. lime.
how ever is a factor that may create
ditliculties. Kendcll acknowlcgcd
that it would take some timetocom-
muiiicate the position within thedis-
cipliiie btit did say that he was confi-
dent the committee would be
sticcessftil."l'lte Vice-President also
expressed the realization that time
was a critical element but noted that
iii the past the deadline ltas been
May raid that still would leave the
committee sottte three tiiotttlis to
perfornt its function.

Sirotltin noted that finding a new
chairman was it “high priority..,l ant
confident that we will be able to find
an otitstattdittg person for the
department this tall.“

with their arm aftertaste", a... ma:

 

 

 

 

 

 

' . had asshole of lumps. anti/unity moments. . .
It all storied as a gay in college.  ' ‘ " ~  , . ,

um Walter Mltty ofthe masses, Pltmpton he: actedout the collective/irritate:

the modern Amertmimale... t ' ', -

"fGeorge Plimpton Fuses Fantasy Witli Reality“ by Richard Nordwind on Pagetwo

STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY VOL. LXII no.7

Ray Forer wllt not seek another term as the Sociology chatrman.

SA To Fight 9% Board Hike

by Davld Lerner

Student Association President
’at Curran has conlirttied that a
committee of the Faculty Student
Association Bonnet 'of Directors will
recommend a “it. botird ltik" at its
Board meeting on 'l'ticsday.

('urran‘s statement has removed
all doubts about the _ itus ol the
proposed meal contract rate iti-
crease. which hcgait when reports
froiit FSA indicated that Director of
the lsix-million dollar company
Norbert Zahnt was in favor of a
board increase to subsidi/e an am

Star Athlete Vido Signs With

by Nathan Salant

Rudi Vido becaiite the first
Albany State football player in the
program‘s five year history to sigtt a
cotitract with an NFL team when he
signed with the' New England
’atriots early last week.

“It was a choice of either New
England. Dallas or San Diego." said
Vido. “and the Patriots olfcred tiie
the best cotttract (three years in-
cluditig a multiple bonus clause).
lttl\t: tiiorc tree agents on their roster
than any other teaui except Dallas.
and utter ttic \\ltal l consider to lie
the best chance of playing football.
so that‘s \\here I‘m at."

“lhc Patriots plan to use me as
middle lttieltuckct and nose guard
(opposite the oltctisite cerith ). and
while they are positions I hate tteter
p|.t_\cd hclotL'. I really hL'llt‘\C I can
make ll. |\\ouldtt‘t go to camp il I
did not think i could tlo tt |\\otlld
not \\tllll toeinbatiasstnyscll."

“He has a great shot." said
Albany's varsity football coaclt
Robert Ford. "Although he has
ueycr played at either of those
positions. you lime to favor his
chances based on his weigltt (245-255
lbs). strength. agility. and speed (4.7
sccottds iii the 40 yard dash with
equipment). Most of all. Rudi now
this the desire attd dctertiiiitatioti he

lacked when ltc first came to Albany
State.“

A spokesman for the Patriots said
that that they had great confidence
itt Vido‘s ability to adjust to the new
positions. He also mentioned that
Vido might be something of a local
attraction. iii hopes ofdt'awiitg fans
from the Albany area.

While Vido declines to give the ac-

ttttil figures of the cottti‘itct. lte iii-
dicatcd that lit included bonuses to
sign. to make the last the cttt. and a
three year package of “a very sub-
stantial antouut for a free agent."
(iciierally speaking. free agents
receive roughly $l5.()l)lla year iftliey
make the team.

“It‘s the opportunity ofa lifetime."
said Vido. “and one that every high

lohman

Rudy Vldo. who led Albany State's Done; to an undeleated season.
has started wltb the New England Patrlots .

raimass‘m" 1" 537m ‘-

ticipatetl loss dlte to the costs of iti~
llutiou.

Curran said ltowetci. that S.A.
plans to deal definitely on the issue.
citiitg a Central Council resolution—
passed Wednesday which would cen-
sit re any student nientliet of tlte FSA
hoard which \oted iii lavor of the
meal iiicr'ase. It is possible that
three of the five undergraduate stu-
detit members of the boat rd will vote
lor the increase. Curran said that all
stttdetit members will be informed of
('ouncil‘s resolution today. aitd
threatened that he would ask fora

Patriots

school player dreams of. Two years
ago. I tiever would ltave tliouglt I
could come this far. but a lot of
things ltave changed that."
l.ike('oach l‘ord‘.’ "You have to
give ('oach Ford a lot ol credit.“
SAll) Vido. “When I first came here.
my attitude was poor and l lacked
any type ofdetermination. As Ford
bttilt the program to “here it is to-
day. sotiie of his deterniiuation and
disciplineltasdefitiitely been passed
on to the players and I hate to say
that Iliate to tltatik that man lorau
awful lot.as well as deletistte (‘oacli
(h1ikcltiuiltano."

Vitlo catiic to Albany State as a
gradttatc ol Albany lliglt. passing tip
ollers lioiit the likes of the llutierst-
ty ol Pittsburgh and Maryland
Originally a running back. had
engineered the switch to the deleti-
si\e side til the scritiimagc line.

"I also ltavc to thank my team’-
titatcs. particularly 'lom l)cltlots.
Arnie \Vil|.and |)ou Mum. and the
girl behind this tnatt. my gnllrientl
Patti."

The oiin other former Albany
State player to sign a professiottal
contract iii recent history is former
All—SUNYAC outlielder lerry
Kentiey. now playing niiuor league
baseball iii the Sauliraucisco (hams.
organi/ation.

special session of lltc Council to
replace the questionable votes with
those which L‘tirian Is certain of.

Curtan is also the Vice—President
ol the corporation and said that
there are other ways Iur l‘SA to
make tip tltc expected loss without
liming to resort to a 0"} mealcoti-
tract hike. He cited cuts iit loss
leaders such as the Patrooii Room.
the barbershop. and Mohawk Cam-
ptls. "We‘re paying for the Ad-
iiiinislration to eat like kings." said
Ken Was. a member of Council.
" l he Patroou Ronni is still the best
goddamn bargain iii the Capitol Dis-
trict and ottly the Administration
eats there."

"There has itot been one suggestion
from lalint." Curran said. “to ciit
back on waste. or to make the Ad-
ministration pay for some oftlie in-
llatiott," "I here are other vitamins
other than student vitamins." Wax
said. "faculty and administration
\ itamitis are just as potentasours."

None ot the students on the Boa rd
ol Directors could be reached for
comment on the Council threat. but
e\en with all five undergraduates
\otingagainst the bike. a iitajority of
seicn still remains which could sup-
port the proposed liike. One of the
sc\ctt Is the graduate representative
loiit (‘liitgan Dean of Student Al'-
tairs Neil litown. also on the Board,
is reported to have been against the
board increase it Zaltni makes no
other L'lltll'l to cut back on corporate
c.\peuses.

Student lcadeisliavc bectt pushing
ltlt t‘iltllltlttlltlll ol the barbershop. a
t'iittslslctll money loser which
(tiztatt say slias littlestudetitappeal.
()thct pioposals call lot the stile ol'
Moliauk campus. and luigcprice iii-
creascs in the Patrooii Room.

Council Chairpctson Lew Fidler
said that S.A. will threaten to
withdraw ti 5 l 80.000 loan it made to
FSA ifthe board increase proposal is
not withdrawn. Though a drastic
step which potentially could ruin the
corporation. Pidler. and. he believes.
Council. will threaten FSA with the.
withdrawal to demonstrate the
seriousness of their position.

 

 

