  
  

 

 
 

 
 

 

  
  
 

 
  
  
  
 
  
    
    
  
  

“art's” .

 

i
i

r'

 

 

“"Tr «, m...

‘ h P..‘~._.g-—~t.a¢~._

 

V by Kim Stilton

‘ 01 May 6.,l walled into a circus
world of fantasy, hypocrisy, and
comedy; l‘m still smiling. Moliere's
The Imaginary Invalid is being
presented. May 7 through If in
SUNYA‘s Phrfonning Arts Center
in the lab Theatre.
The theme of Molicte‘s comedy is
a criticism of doctors during the

seventeenth century. He contends,

that doctors , can cure healthy
hypochondriacs because only they
can endure tlte treatments. The truly

ill do not love the strength to withs- ‘

tandthethenconunon medicalprac-
ticcs of bleeding and purging.

As one enters the Lab Theatre.
which is set up as an arena. the
elevated stage. background of gay
music. ttnd brightly colored lights set
the mood.

We are ﬁrst introduced to the
characters when they come dancing
onto the stage preparingthe set with
a minimum of props and donning
their costumes. The pkit unfolds tts
Argan. “the imaginary invalid“. ex—
a mi ncs his medical bill. lie is hot ll
pleased and impressed by the
numerous injections and drugs he is
being charged for. Argan obviously
enjoys his “illness”.

We learn soon afterwards that
Argan‘s daughter. Angelique has a
lover. Cleante. ller father.
meanwhile has arranged a marriage
for her with an ignoramous medical
student. Naturawg Argttn wants a

doctor in tin: family.

Toinette. the servant. is the
shrewd character who possesses the
abilityto see through the others. She
allies herself with‘Angelique. in her
plight. She tries to dissuade Argan
from his decision ﬁrst by posing as a
doctor and renouncing Purgon
(Argon‘s doctor) as an incompetent.

'The real clincher comes when
Toinette. wanting to reveal that
Beline. his wife. is a mercenary
hypocrite with no true love for him.
has Argan pretend that he is dead.
Beline fails the test by not mourning;
instead she is pleased that she will
have accesstohis money. Angelique.
on the other hand. in spite of her
father‘s unreasonable obstinacy
towards her marriage. mourns with
daughtcrly love. Argan then realizes
the importance ofmurrying for love
and gives his consent to the marriage
of Angeliqu: and Cleantc.

llcraldc. Argan's brother. serves
as the mediator in the play. He stip-
ports Angelique and also serves to
comment on the main theme at the
cttd when he suggests to Argait that
he himself should becotnca doctor.
llcca use. u()nc has only to talk with a
cap and gown on. Any gibberish
becomes learned. and any nonsense
becomes rcason.“it is not a difﬁcult
task.

The play closes with a dance and
the conﬁrmation of Doctorate upon
Argan.

Molicrc was ittfluenced a great

 

deal by Commerlia dell'arte. The ac-
tors' are of gross gestures and the
brightly colored costumes were ap-
propriate in a production such as
this and enhanced Moiiere's “type”
characters. .

The director. James M. Symon:
did a marwlousjob in coping with
space and movements which is so
difﬁcult to do in a ﬁhattre in the
round.“ I didn't feeithat lmissedany
important stage business.

Every actor gave their all. Michael
McConkey. as Argan. played his
stubborn and conceited character
with one xcellent conceptionofgross
comedy. 'l'oinettc. portrayed
brilliantly by Louise ltzlcr. was
equally superb and received an
abundance oflaughs. She played the
part with t in: rest and enthusiasm so
essential to it. Deborah Ottaviano as
Louison. Argan‘s young daughter
gave a memorable pcrfonnance as
did Micltacl 'GoIISchalk as
Heurant. the apotheatry. Allan
(irosirein as 'Ihomas Diafoirus is to
be applauded for his performance as
Angelique‘s foolish medical student
suitor. Angelique. played by
Elizabeth Muicahy had her shining
mormnts too although at times she
lacked the vigor displayed by the
other members of the cast. This
might be due to an unfortunate acci-
dent itt which Eli'labcth was given
stitches in her mouth and on her
citin. Marilyn Ornstein. although
ttot as comic as the otltersd id agood

  
  
 

 
  

 

  
 
   
  

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

Michael McConkey. playing the part oi the Imaginary Invalid as he

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

   
   

won

speaks to hlsloveslruck daughter Angelique.

job itt convincing the audience ot
llelinc‘s unfaithfuiness. llonnefay.
Cleante. Dinfoirus. l’urgon. attd
Ileralde played respectively by Len
Scibilia. .lames Ilarone. llarry Katx.
Joseph Zubrovich.‘ and Vincent
Capuano comprised the rest of the
multi-taientcd cast. The excitement
displayed by the actors swept the

audience.

When The Imagoth IIll'll/fll was
originally performed in I673. the
genre of dartcc was ballet. Although
here the dance was rather clumsy. it
only added to the farciealsituatiou.

in every respect. The Imaginary
Invalid wastheacmeofthattricalart
attd should ttot be missed.

 

 

 

 

'. ll’f all ill/it. ...lil f4.

GOODBYE

 

HAVE A NICE SUMMER. . . SEE YOU IN SEPTEMBER

gun Ftieudo.

Wile-SW .

 

 

PAGE 8A

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MAY 9, 1975

 

. i would li‘ite‘to than Mr. Kraut for the
lambasting be administered to me in his May
6th lettertotlteeditorfOrmy actions in cutting
Peace Project to $0.00 while supporting free
beer on the podium. Mike to take credit where
credit is due. '

Let me respond to several misleading points
made by Mr. Kraut. First. Peace Prg’eet is a
potiticaligi‘ouptgo less political titan. for
example._Young Americans for Freedom. If
we fitnd Peace Project. we are obligated to
fund‘YAF as well. I could not tolerate my tax
money beingspen't on YAF.just as there are
those who would not spend their tnoney on the
leftist causes of Peace Project. i’oliticalgroups
have never been justified as legitimate
expenditures for student tax tnoncy.

Secondly. the group‘s purpose is to
“promote world peace." The absurdity of
spendingstudcnttuxdoiiarsonsuchagrnupis
clear. 1 have no objections to peace and the
struggle to attuinit. What lobjcct to is student
tax being spent on it. that is ttot why it is
collected.

Third. the comments that Councilperson
.lon Martin mttde in reference to apathy were
made in a sarcastic vein. He was pointing to
the absttrdity of Mr. Sakofl‘s argument that a
decision against this budget represented a
“turn to the right.“

in addition. Councilperson Martin and
myself will take full responsibility (orcrcdit.if
you prefer). for introducing attd conceiving of
the idea to serve free bccr on the podium on
sunny days. We felt that there would he a
substantial number of students who would
enjoy this type of return on tlteir student tax
dollar. The program has been a success tints
far. and we. itt Student Association. are proud
of it.

Finally. the difference betwcctt l’eacc
Project‘s budget and the beer money is that
Peace Project is asking for a budget for next
year. a year in which we ttrc liglttly squcclcd
for money. This ycttr. we had the benefit of
572.000 extra to spend. nothing short of a
windfall. Funds front this year cart not be
carried over to next year. ‘I‘hus. the two
situations are ttot comparable iii any way.

Students pttytax’togct the services that they
want. Students ltcre. i think. want
:nlcrtainment from their tax dollar. not
propaganda disseminated by a few, It‘s their
tax money. i believe that itshould he spent the
way they want it spent.

i.cw l’idicr
Chairperson. Central Council

 

Differential
Treatment

To the Editor:

A8 with almost every other i. funded
Sroup. the Women‘s Libenttiott (i. tup has
had its budget cut drastically: a fact which
although we are not happy about. is one which
iii understandably inevitttble. lIoWevcr. ttnlike
“my other SA funded group. we have been
dealt with unfairly. and irresponsibly.

At Sunday‘s meeting. we were treated iii a
contemptuous. hostile and p rcjutl iclnl manner
by Chairperson Lew liitllcr and the entire
Council. We were given the floor tinctudtttlltg
which titre. other tttcttihct's took the

MAY 9. 1975

 

' “What are rwyotiitrytng

speaker. Unite
‘fWo Inn's liberation

pervaded our ,b
Council. ‘

in our meetings with'Finance Committee-

and WErContmittee over the past school
year. the same treatment and poor attitudes
were displayed by student ofﬁcials. The
disrespectful and irresponsible condttct
indicated to us that the SA government.
famed. is solely interested in their own needs.
rather than the needs of the university
community (especially women). During the
year. we were repeatedly postponed fromtheir
agendas and were constantly yicwed with
contempt. hostility. and disregard. for our
goals. aims and accomplishments asa group.

The ASP has also demonstrated attitudes
which we feel are disrespectful. sexist. and‘
prejudicial. important events we sponsored
were frequently ttot covered. and iftltey were.
the bias was clear. In particular. ottr Film
Festival (Nov. lit-20) was reported on by a
man who obviously had ttok nowlcdge. insight
or sensitivity to women's issues. tnuclt less the
art of film, Ads which ltuvc appeared fit the
ASP during the past yea r have lutd wontcn‘:.
symbols distorted. which made tltcm lnok
rid icttlotts.

Contrary to popular belief the Women‘s
Liberation Group is alive. ll as over 300 people
on its mailing list. and has been cited as one of
tile most active groups on campus. We have
sponsored an cvettt each week since the
beginning of the year. be it a film. speaker.
workshop or wine and citccsc gathering.

The Women‘s Liberation Group is not only
its tnuiliug list. or its core Itlctttbcrs. We
represent the ctttire university population.
ntnle attd female alike. in trying to raise the
individual‘s opinions and attitudes concerning
wonrcn and the daily sexist treatment which is
encountered lll jobs. school. textbooks.
health. etc.

'Ihc SAas it stands now. isajokc. Wc.astfte
Women‘s liberation (i rottp have seen this to
he the case. Let‘s hope that next years newly
elected officials will be better. We pledge our
support to this new governtttcnt ttnd we ltope
that they will pledge their energy to
crud icating these pressing p robletns that effect
the majority of students on this campus.

The Women‘s Liberation Group

lnequitable Increase

To the Editor:

We write this letter to voice conccrtt overtltc
130; increase ill the Kosher Plan hoard rate.

Until we examined the document entitled
“lcrnts and Conditions of the Residence
Contract. 1975-70 Academic Year.“ we did
not know of the disproportionate and
inequitable increase those of us who cttt
Kosher food will have pay. like all other
Albany State students planning to live on
campus. we anticipated an it'i increase in
board.

Surely. tltc "negotiations" that took placcut
fltc I‘cht'urary Iii llottrd of Directors meeting
indicate that tile issue at ltuttd was the size of
an increase in board rules. While members of
the PSA llottrd of Directors debated the
merits of the well publici/ed proposals fora
0‘}; board increase. no one questioned.orcvcn
mentioned the larger increase for tire Kosher

htn.

'l'o fttrtlter justify our concern. we must
poittl to sottte key facts about the operation of
the Kosher pittnund the nature oftltc increase.
llaving met with FSA‘s General Manager.
Mr. l2. Norbert Zuhm. we present the
following notes with great confidence.

l'hc purpose attd effect of the ll‘tbincreuse
is ttot ntcreiy to keep pace witlt risingcosts. We
believe that an 8% incrcttsc will mnintaitt
prescttt status. In cotttrttst. Mr. Zaltnt has
stated lllttl the 8% increase in the regular pltttt
talc will pttl it at a position of decreased
income of over $100.000.

l he 5"} increase itt tthosltcr rule over and
n hove the W? increase for the regular plan. was
locked on with little or no research into the
tnnttttctntons of such tictiott. Mr. Ztthut
[hilltoth tltc 5‘7, increase. regardless of the

tullt‘l'ill rate increase that was to he

labor is expended by etude t t

‘ A . ‘ VP .
above the price different‘ml they are already '

paying.

The 13% increase means ‘th’at Kosher ‘

students who, plan to eat 7 Kosher dinners per
week will be paying an increase of $66.00 the
$584 rittc. plus the labor consideration mean
an expense of $600.00. Assuming that the
average student cats as many as 200 meals
during the school year. students will be paying
$3.00 per dinner. To pay for each dinner

. individually would cost $2.68. or with an 8%

increase. $2.90 _

llut now. we. and huttdrcds ofstudcnts who
eat Kosher food are beset by afail (It't'()Ill[7/i.
Although our arguments would httve been
equally valid at that February meeting. it is
only after the decision has been made that the

figures have been released to the general ,

pttblic.

We know the damage that tttorc than two
months time 'has dotte to ottr position.
Nevertheless. we feel obligated to pursue this
matter. Review and debate is the tttinitntttn
courtesy that can be extended to usaswe ltave
seen titittgs like “fairpiuy” and “due process“
go down tltc drain. ~

Stanley Shapiro
ira Zimmerman



l
l

 

 

 
 
 
    
    
   
  
 
    
    
   
    

bacon: more‘respon'siv'e tothe student neeﬁ.
the Administration must recognize u's unequal
partners in a joint venture. and-we asstadents
must realize the underlying power we possess.
To accomplish anyth ing it is going to take a
lot of work. long hard work by all of us. Butit
can be done. It will be done. Join us“ and
beconn part of the ﬁght. ‘

i . Andy Bautnan
The ASPis grateful to allour-readers
who submitted letters for publication
during the pa st year. We made the greatest
effort to print all the letters that we
received. Unfortunately. because of space
limitations. we were unable to print all of
the letters sent to us.

We hope you are as generous with your
letters next year as you \vere this year.

*

   
 

 
 
 

T'I'lu' A lbatty Student Press reserves the role
right to prim or t'rlfl lt’Ht'I'A‘ to [he t‘tffll'r.i
Sub/nil letters 'I‘)’I’l-.'ll’ltIY'I'ISA’ Io ('uIIt-
[tux Center RUM/ll 326.

 

 

Hang In There. Betsy

 

 

by David lerncr

 

llctsy‘s behaving now. she's been quiet and submissive. We feed her regularly with the finest
the Arabs supply us witlt. ttttd ntake sure she's in pritnc opcrati ng condition. She's still spending
tnore titnc in the driveway thanshe used to. that is. in the bef'orctinte. when ltcr internals went
haywire. lint that‘s the past now. The cttrbttreators curb. the rcgulat or regs. the wipers wipe. and
the pistons work. too. llcr tantrums ofwceks passed tire ttterc hale. attd unwanted. unsolicited
attempt by lletsy to tell us that she needs us. attd that we ttccd her. '

llut how loyal is she'.’ Sure. when she thought we were running ottt on her. she balked ttnd
coughed and choked and went into violent convulsions. as if she would hold ltcr breath ttntii she
turned blttc (which would he an improvcntent front her faded daily green cont picxion). a most
mature reaction. I ntttst say. But what would lutppctt if she found someone else. the end. How
tttuch obedience and respect would site show us then'.’

A sleek chocolatcb rown l975 Lincoln Continental Town Car lutnbers down Amherst Street.
its plastic-sheen finish radiant lit the afternoon. iktsey looks on with envy. she knows t: 1975
Town Car is my tttothet"s dream. albeit a dark ltorsc. Betsy knows she has nothingto fear fronta
l‘own Car. us We‘re ttot about to lay down fourteen grand to get one. this she knows. and
deliberately. with malice and lorethought. site excuses herself f'romtln: driveway. frigging ttlottg
behind the Town Car. tttotltcr panic-stricken iii the driver‘s seat. with no control over iletsy‘s

behavior.

'l'antalizingly. site creeps up until you can rcucit the Contittcntal‘s license plates. tltctt site
backs off. Cruel. cruel Chrysler. why dotlt thou act so barbarously'.’ ' 

On the lleit Parkway. thc‘l'own Car heads cast towards the Isiandtwltercclsewotlld such a ettr
come if ttot frottt Nttssatt‘i). with lletsy in ltot pursuit. lieeled against the sent. my ntotlter sits.
frozen itt fear. Across the width of the City. the two drive itt synchronized tandem.

“i want that car.“ cries out my mother. “Why are you doing this. why?" Betsy plunges on.
duri ttg all the traffic onttccttsto stop her. 'l‘hcycunnot. but from some untapped innerstrcngth.
ttty tnotltcrcttn. “No tnorcl l‘vehad it with you! flock to Brooklyn. backtothedriVeway. youcvil
mottstcr.You won‘t be tnote tlutn a pile of greett scrap metal whenl'mthroughwith you!" Betsy
lurchcs. the controls are free: she knows she went too far and has lost. . .

flack in the driveway. mother is out itt a ﬂash. once again leaving the Tank to the elements.

' “They can have you!“ It suddenly occurs to hcrjust who “they” are. Men had conte inquiring

about the "For-sole."sign in tltc Tank‘s rear windows. The menurc mechanics. andvow to rebuild
the car completely frotn within. it won‘t cost them the arm and two legs it eost my parents—
thcy‘re mechanics. After congratulating the folks on how well they had kept llctsy fornine years.
they turtt to leave. saying they will return. Dad has apparently seen the crrorofhis ways and
promised it car will be bought. if ltc could only find so tneonc worthy enough to take care of his
darling carcalc. And who more qualified than a mechanic? iletsy is overjoyed. She has her new
savior now. she doesn‘t need us anymore. Eventbe loving protection my father has given her is
tossed aside. coldly. like some vixen woman lter insane advent urc on theilclt Parkway. teasing
room without mercy was all an ttct to east the fittal straw onthe‘provcrhinlcttmel‘s back. She has
gotten what she wants. freedom from my house. the protection of a ntcchanic. and the
satisfaction of the emotional torment inflicted upon her once-proud protectors.

liven a little to orient is worth it. to be rid ofthat gus-guuling. money gruhbing mechanical
ego. Yott are free. ntotnl Freedttdl Free tocxplore the world ottt thereiustdyingto sellyoua car.
Pttt some poor starving ttttto worker hack on the line. lie begs you!

i often tttnusc myself with such folly. You know. 'atharsis and what-not. Betsy‘s still in the
drivcwn y. quiet and beltttvior. because cveryone‘s too scared to t ouch ltcr. And a I975 chocolate
brown Lincoln Continental Town Car cruises dotvtt the street.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE FIFTEEN

 

 

 

 

 

 

