er of the Federal Com-

0 Commission .(FCC)

will speak in the Campus Center

Ballroom at 8:00 p.m. The event is

being eo-spoiisored by the Universi~

ty Spaikers Forum and the Office of

University Affairs. Ad missionis free.

The subject of his talk will be Ethics
in Communications

r Serving as FCC Commissioner.

Nicholas Johnson gained the reputa- 5

.tion of being: lively scrapper. a
maverick, a gadfly and a man who
tried to shake the communications
industry up. Called a “one man army
against ennui” and “thecitizens' least
frightened friend in Washington.“
Nicholas Johnson tried to make the
industry aware of its legal and moral
obliptions to the communities of

" the enmity.

. An lovia native.Johnson 

’ _ his educationand law degree at the
University of Texas. He was a law.

clerk to John Brown of the US.
Court of Appuls and to the late
Supreme Court Justice Hugo L.

Black. From 1960 to I96; Johnson-
'was actig Associate Professor of

Law at the Univeristy at California
at Berkley. At 29. Nicholas Johnson
became the youngest man ever ap-
pointed Administrator to the US.

Maritime Commission.

A contributor to Atlantic.
Ila rper's, New York Times.
Playboy. Parade, and Saturday
Review. NicholasJohnson isalso the
authorof How to Talk Back to Your
TV Set and Test Pattern For Living.

Since the expiration of his term as
FCC commissioner. Johnson has

2 University  well aegiving short
- comes at the Bmokings institute.

Aspen Design Conferenceand AFL-

ClO Labor Studies Center. Johnson
hasalso becomea veteran on the lec-
ture circuit with over 600
apparatuses ranging from univer-
sities to TV and radio talk shows.

Sneaky Album

(ZNS) Crosby. Stills. Nash and
Young reportedly have been sneak-
ing into the studio for the past ﬁve
weeks cutting a new album.
Rolling Stone reports that the
four have been working at the record
plant in Sausalito, but that work has
been delayed from time to time
because they are “bickering intense-
ly.‘ '

 

taught law at George ‘.'.' L' g'

 

Central Council
Indian
Colonial

SA Ofﬁce.

for these

“Nominations remain open this
week for the folli‘nving
vacants seats

Commuters (2 seats)

Nomination forms available in
Nominations close

12 noon, Feb. 24, 1975. Elections

ofﬁcers will be held March 4 - 6’

Univ. Senate
Indian
Dutch
Commuters
Colonial

.i’ q papunj

imaarro "UPI"!

e.
um

-"s.A.s.U..

 

Posters
Mounted
(up to 40 x 36)

Tuesdays 2-3 p.m.
CC 305

or call

Bob Wong
451-4754

 

 

So you want to
know what ‘

is" l
O

l (The Student Assoc. oi the
l State Univ.)

It's all the student govt; oi thef
S.U.N.V. system lolnlng lorces lnfl
one central organization to provide-:
unless A lobbying power int

 

iban
,filﬂdt’d by rtudent association-

 

 

 

 

1:30 - 4:30
7:30 - 10:30
7:30 - 10:30
7:30 - 10:30

“Make Someone

Telethon ‘75 Auditions

25
26

27
27

7:30 - 10:30
7:30 - 10:30
7:30 - 10:30
1:30 - 4:30

Happy"

Sign up at the Information Desk in CC

 

nourer arm mapmr ,i‘q pnpmij

 

 

 

I
ll

 

tn ‘
his.

' '.l

r
s
i

' “mission:

 

r 'r
THE CHINESE NEW YEAR NIGHT

Dinner 6:00-7:30 PM. Entertainments lit Movie 8:00 PM.

February 22, l 1975 Saturday At Brubacher Hall

82.75 with tax or member
Tickets are available at Campus Center

u SUNYA CHINESE CLUB
presents

i2

$3.25 without lax

 

 

 

MOSCOWr Russia (AP) - Soviet and British leaders signed widcmnging
cooperation agreements today, foi‘malizing what Prime Minister Harold
Wilson called a “fresh start“ in Anglo-Soviet relations. t

The two countries agreed to hold regular political consultations. to work
together toward nuclear disarmament and to implement exchanges ih
scientiﬁc. technical, industrial, medical and economic sphereg.

The agreements capped a ﬁve~duy summit which signaled a warming
of long-cooled relations.

ROME. lter (AP) - Torre Angela. a village of 4.000. sits listlcssly on lllt'
rim of Rome.a black spot in the history of the EicmalCity,n blind spill on [is
records.

Torre Angela has no pavements. no sewers. no hospitals or doctors. Ii hits
no sports grounds. no movie houses. no piuzzas. no plane on milps oi [he the
city. Officially it does not exist.

The entire village 4 one of nearly l00 encircling Romc ~ \\'il.\ tilt-gulli-
built. constructed mostly by families cnticcd from the backward llnd pm}
south of ltaly by dreams ofjobs. posing huge burdens on soctttl scrum

in the past 20 years.-20 million Italians -. more than n llllid H] m.-
population. havc deserted the countryside for the cities.

About 800.000 of Rome‘s 2.8 million inhabitants 1ch tn tllcgnlh hutlt
dwellings. The City of Rome itscll'built fcwcr than 95.000 roono bcluuun
I962 and 1974. More than 990.000 had bccn budgeted.

Municipal ofﬁcials. burdened by their own filllui't: to Cltlnplcic that
housing projects. generally turn a blind eye to illegal building unul thchntnu
is roofed and another problem family housed.

Retired families are cligiblc for a state pension of about SZSSn inoitlh. blll
fear substantial delay in payments sincc the Stutc Pension i‘llnd unliiiunccd
an expected 1975 deﬁcit of $631.5 million.

It is this kind of national breakdown that forces Italians to "nunngmm."
to make the best ofthings his nation verging on bankruptcy and bust-i hi tin
worst political and economic crises since World Wrir ll.

Officials estimate that so mc seven million llnliuns. runny ol ihcnt lllliitil‘y.
.vork illegally. Many adults hold two jobs 7 - sitiic cmploycs itikc titlillllilllill
iiftcmoon work. pcnsioncrs soften thc pinch by parking cuts Ill ttontlud
downtown piazzus. doctors moonlight,

lnflucnta. pneumonia and rheumatism are common C(Hliplitlllh tn long
Angclu. where the humcmttdc homcs tirc chillingly dump. “Hui \w .tn'i gt-t
doctors here." said Caterina. “lfwe \vuntthcm we illth: to go to lllL'llt .llltl
catch them between jobs."

WASHINGTON (AP) —l’i‘csidcnt Ford. sucking Collgi‘cssliilml \llppitit
for his cmbuttlcd cncrgy proposals. is holding it scrics of m liit'cltitg‘x ihn
week with key Senate and House mcmbcrs.

The ﬁrst was it Monday cvcning rcccplion rind dinnct tor Iltt’ munt
Republican Steering Commiltcc.

On Tuesday morning Ford will hich it brcukfnsl conlcicncc \itih (.lil’
congressional lcndcrs rind. in the evening. n dinncr lor tnctuhct- -i1 llli‘
Scnulc's Wednesday Club. n group of mndcrntc to ltbcrrtl Rliiill‘iii-lll
senators.

The Chief Excculiyc hits schcdulcd it Wednesday hrcnklttn lot \mtIht-tn
mcmbcrs front both parties and ii rcccplion lillll cvcniug lili lil~l'li.llll
Republican members of tltc House.

Both Dcmocrutic und chublictin lcudcrs of the mo Itouscx lmc hull
invitcd tort'l'hursdayinorning brcnkftist. Ford will rcsumc liisoiin IIJH‘lWI
bchztll‘ of his cconomic-cncrgy plnn ncxi \vcck. visiting lhr: \it.unt not on
Feb. 25-26.

He will spcak at a White House sponsored conference. ntch nnh :‘tlilnh.
publishch illld brondcustcrs privately. hold it itcws conlcrcucc .ttnl .ttntc
likcly. mukc un zippcitrrincc in thc pro-rim division of thc .lntkn 1mm“
lnvcrrury (ioll"l'ournnmcttt,The Prcsidcnl iilso may schcdnlcothct tact-UH?“
lor his l-‘loridn Silly.

WASHINGTON (AP) Former I’rcsidcnl Richard H \|‘~"‘- “J‘
dcclnrcd his intention to ofl’cr |..'lllt) cubic fch of prc-prcsnluniml imi‘w‘b 1"
Ihc‘Uniicd Slutcs.1hc (icncrztl Scrviccs Adnnnistrnuon ~.tnl \lomlm

‘lhc pzipcrs and historical materials linvc not been dounicd iiicuwbll "'
Nixoii.it(iSA spokesman said. They are iii itdditton to prcnotis tli'Iltllli'lh 0:
prc-prcsidcntiul papers.

GSA Administrator Arthur F. Sampson sand that on bch.t|1 ml "‘1
gm‘crnmcni ltc hnd ncccpicd Nixon's dcclnrntion oi tntcnt to ohu 
mnicrizils froin tltc l‘)4(l-(lii period ztnd they would be Slilli'ti .u .t \  t-l
Archives facility ill Lngiinn Nigucl. Citlil'.

lhc dcclrirntion ol' lntcnl was accepted undci‘ icrnts oi lltt' I‘li‘v 
picsitlcntinl Iihriu‘ics. by which pnpcrs ol

othcr prchitlc'lllx ILH
iicccpicd. t.

g in his lcilcr dccltiring his iiitcnlious. Nixon .tulwl "-V‘ * ‘
miilcrlnls bi: kcpt all it lilClllly rcusonnblv ticccssthlc to ills \.tn I l\'|‘- ‘ ‘
Cold. homc.

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) (iov. Hugh l.. Czircy nnnuuttcctl \lutu'»
would submit legislation to providc ()7 million in tmmcdnttt- .tttl : A W
Metropolitan 'l'rnnsporlntiun Authority.

pl hc governor's officc rclciiscd 0 copy of u lcttcr from (Ru-u}. to \w ll“

(Ily Muyor Abrnhnni llcumc. ansnu County lixccutuc Ratliilt ‘4‘"
Wcstclicstcr County Executch Alfrcd ilclllcllo illld Druid 1 WW!“
chairman of ihc MTA.

lhc aid to the MTA would bc in No piirts-aillowmll 1"“ M l '\ I" M.”
Ptiymcnt of $22 million lo the slutc for station mtiintcnnncc mid E' “""W mu
MIA un “iidvuncc“of$45 millioniocovcr“itcrishshortl’nll.“ l hr .ntl 0011‘"
iillow tltc M'l‘A to opcrnic until the end of tltc sliiic's curt-cm hunt ML
March 31. Curcy said.

The state proposal resulted from requests for the aid front ihc Ml \
the three local governments. Corey suid.

zitiil

 

 not...

by Lauren Rosaithal

SUNYA students are completing
preparations to raise money for han-
dicapped children through Telethon
‘75. scheduled for March l4 and 15.
in the Campus Center ballroom.

For months, hundreds of students
hnvc been working to organize
Tclcthon ‘75. The staff consists of a
chairperson. co-chuirpcrson. respec-
tively Karen Gliboff and Ernie
Spruncc. secretary. trciisurcr.9com-
mittces and SA ildVlSOl'. Dennis
Elkirt.

’l'clcthon ‘75. in itthh consecutive
year will bcdonrttingthc money rais-
cd this year to the Wildwook School
for Developmentally Handicapped
Children. located in Schnccirtdy. in
its beginning years. the money ruiscd
tit ’l‘clcthon was given to u nationally
fundcd organization. but in order to
make Telethon morc ofu communi-
ty function. the money was
rcdircclcd toward it local concern.
Lust ycztr Tclcthon ruiscd 516.000.

fhc 24 hours of cutcriitinmcnt ill
Tclcthon is provided by local talent.
students illld faculty members. who
have bccn auditioning for time shots
sincc Novcmbcr. Children‘s hour
will bc from It) ti.m. to l p.m. on
Saturday. This limc is spcciflcnlly
schcdulcd for kids‘ cniertuinmcnt -
childrcn pcrloirning. storics. illld
children coming down from the

ACT

by Judy Stcinhcrg

In its first ycrir of cxistcncc. ACT
(Asscssutcnl nl Courses and
l'cnchct'sl 2i tciichcr cvtiluntion and
guidc to coursc selection. has conic
undci’ criticism by built faculty and
siudculs. Rundom intcrvicws huvc
Iocttsctl on ACT's gcitcrulitcd
qucslionnuii'c. tltc lllllCClll‘liCy in-
hcrciii in siudcnl cynluntionsiind its
limilcd usc by sludcnis,

“l‘vc nci‘cr lookcd nt ACT bcforc
in my life; I thinkil‘s bullshit." stud
unc sitidcnl who pi‘cfcrs lo I'Cl1lil‘lll
niioityniuus, Hc rind most olhcr in-
lcryicwcd sitidcnts rcly upon fricnds‘
opinions whcn choosing cnurscs.
()lhci‘s suid lhcy consult ACT whcit
ilicy llllYL‘ no other information
about tltc tcnchcr iiiid his coursc.

‘00.

in an upcoming

Students!
We will need your opinions

‘Wildwood School.

“Make Someone Happy“ is the
theme of Telethon. and this will be
depicted by the backdrops. posters.
theme song. and the T-shiris which
will be on sale in the Campus Center
the week before Telethon.

Telethon will be receiving exten-
sive television and radio coverage.
Channels 10 and l3 will be broad-
casting 2 hours each. WABY will be
covering it live 8 p.m. to 8 am. tllld
WSUA will be broadcasting ihccn-
Iirc production 8 p.m. to 8 p.m. The
Educational Communications
Ccntcr(ECC)will bc videotaping the
portions of Telethon that will be'
broudcastcd on television. Also.
Gov. Hugh Carey is doing some
advertising for Telethon.

Prc-Tclclhon expenses are ex-
trcmcly high. This ycnr $2800 will be
spent before ’l'clcthon actually
begins. Thc only monetary goal set is

to start Telethon by breaking cvcti
with costs. Movies. bukc sulcs. tl
dance. and the pumpkin sulc ill
Hnllowccn have raised money to
support lhcsc cxpcndiiurcs.

The dorms too htivc pnrticiptilcd
iii the raising of money. One of tlic
downtown dorms has put into cl'fccl
u linc for unlockcd doors and Whit-
lilllll is planning it hitkc snlc.

During 'l‘clclhon lhcrc will be pic-
ihmwing iii cunipus cclchrilics such

Sonic students usc thcii‘ lricnds'
opinions in conjunction with ACT
cvztlutitions.

Both fnculty nnd sludcnlsdoublcd
tltc accuracy of tcuchcr cvrilutttintts,
Profcssur Multhcw Elbow, ul' tltc
history dcpilrimcni said ihiti oftcn
when u pupil i'cccivcs on “A” his
icitchcr will l'L‘CL'th.‘ illl “A”; if ltc
rccciycs ll "1)“ tltc lcnchcr willgct the
sonic.

“liitsy lcnchcrs gci lltc bcsi
grading." said studcitt. Dciiuis
(iiilci'. Ilziiid Ahl'ilnltlff. coor-
diutitorol ACT rcbulicd. notingiltnl
in sonic cuscs when u icttchcr is good
his sludcnts willdo wcll hccnusc thcy
hrc intcrcsicd illlti stay with lhc
work. 'l‘ltcrcfoi‘c. although many
studciits I'CCCIVL‘ hiin grtidcs lhc
lcnchcr dcscrycs it good cvnluulion.

AS P/ SA
telephone poll.

I
r

A helpless student gets a pie

In his lace during the festivities of last year’s

Telethon.Proeeeda of this year‘s Telethon will note the WIldwood School for the

:15 Put Curriin.tind thc auctioningof
mcrchrindisc which has been
donated by local merchants, such (IS
tltc fumcd wntcrbcd suite iii the
Hyilll House. to misc money for tltc
children at Wildwood.
Anyone (iiin Help

A new mttjurcxpcnditurc this your
wits sending out lcttcrs to all lthill
ot'giinittitions ilild academic
departments describing Tclcthon

ltc llddcd. Hc cilcd sortie random
cvnluzitions in ACT where thc
icitchcr i'cccivcd llll  for “class
ruling of instructor" and n “D” or
 for the amount ofwork rcquircd
(denoting nit uhch lchl‘llgC or cx-
ccssivc amount of work respective-
ly). Howcvcr. hc conceded that fre-
qucnlly cnsy tcuchcrs do rcccivc high
cvulunlions. “ll prohtibly works
both ways.“ hc notcd,

Elbow cxplnincd thttl ACT is
soiiictimcs lllilCCllfillt.‘ hCCituSL‘ thcrc
is no cxplicil dircction to lcnvc ii
qucsiion bliink if it cannot bc
answered by the student. Sonic
questions do not pertain to tltc
coiii‘sc or thc students huvc not
background with which to nnswcr
ihcm. ltc nddcd. Mnny students.
rntlicr than skip ii qucstioit. fill in
till) iiuswcr. in addition hc hopcs for
it more scriuus nilitudc by siudcnts
in nitswcring the questionnaire.

Ann Eldridge ill'ld Dick Collicr.
University Collcgc ridvisors. citcd
tltc inflationary griidcs in lciichcr
cytIIuntions. “There is not much
Vill‘lllllilll bctwccit good icucltcrsnnd
bud tcrichcis. A ‘li‘hiis bccotiic illl
nvcrngc grudc."

()iic student. who chosc to i'uniuin
anonymous. finds ACT‘s stntisllciil
dutii loo confusing. Shc would

Handicapped.

"hoping that by telling them about it.
they would want to get involved."
said Karen (iliboff. chairperson of
Tclclhon '75. The response from the '
com mu nity was not great. but it was
tin :ittcmpt on behalf of the Telethon
stuff to involvc the community.
“Anybody.” siiid Kurcn. “if they
wont to help. can to something."
Major SUNYA Event
‘l‘clcthon has bccn considered the

prcfor tltc publication of comments.

Professors Elbow and Eldridge
tilso fuvor comnicnts. Howcvcr.
Elbow said that only positch corti-
incnis. noting pnriiculnr arena in
which the tcnchcr cxccls. should be
published. Ncgtilivc comments
should be written for tltc icuchcr‘s
private use. Professor Townscnd
Rich. of tlic English department.
said llini statistics were fine for
students but tctichcrs nccd essays to
disccrn which touching mcthods
nccd improvcmcnt.

“Most of my classes \vcrcn‘t
cvnlunlcd so i couldn‘t use ACT.“
said siudcnt. Dchbic Sharp. ’iir-
licipulion in ACT‘s cvitluntion is lcl't
of the discretion of thc lcnchcrs. For
cxzimplc. thcrc tirc fcw ACT
cvultizttlons in the chemistry dcpurt—
mcnt bccuusc it dcpnrtincnlnl
cvnluniion is mandatory. Twu
cvrtlttuiions take away too much
limc from thc students. snid
Professors Eugene McLurcn rind
Rounld Zuurich. .lunc thncr.
history profcssot‘. ngrccd und iiddcd.
“Sludcms gct tired of so runny
cvnluntions.“

Most tcnchcrs criticitcd ACT for
its gcncruli/cd qucstionnuirc. fittcd
lor nll dcpiirlmcnts and courses. "A
questionnaire must understand and

major event on the SUNYA campus
by many. perhaps because of the
enormous number of people that get
involved. Asked about her thoughts
behind it" ofit the anxious chairper-
son replied: “You always
wonder what would happen if you
don‘l misc its much money as the
yciir ucforc. but somchow i get the
l'ccl'ing that thc students wouldn't let
it happen."

’s Limited Use Criticized

represent that department‘s own
spccinl positionnnd mnkcup."stritcd
.Ioscph chck. chairman of the
history department. Dennis (iillcr
agreed and suggcstcd un cvluution
form dcsigncd specifically for each
coursc would be more tippropriiitc.
Professor Hzihncr criticitcd the
vnguc questions. For cxamplc. “Was
tltc instructor‘s grading of your ex-
timinuiious cquilnblc or inc-
qiiiittblc‘l“ She said. if n student
nnswcrcd. “vcry inequitable" she
wouldn‘t know cxacily what was'
wrong with ltcr grading policy.
According to Ahrnmoff. ACT
hopes to develop it more spcciuh....l
qticslionniiirc by using questions
frotn both ACT and those choscn by
tltc individual dcpartmcnts. This
would climinnlc ihc nccd for both
dcpnrtmcniiil lllld ACchnluntions.
Side effects to icnclicr evaluations
wcrc noted by Professors Elbow rind
McLurcn. “Studcnts shouldn‘t takc
ACT ns tltc Gospcl.“ snid Professor
Mcl .nrcn. forthcy may tend to avoid
unpopulnr courses. Thus their
libcrul cducmlon willbc stunted. Ac-
cording io Elbow. i0 sonic dcgrcc
lcnchcrs niuy cusc up on tltc work
and cnicruiin ilic class to gct it good
railing. He said. “I don‘t want to see
AC'I' become at populuriiycontest."

 

OOOOCOOOOIOOOIOOOOOOQ

one luxurious week in

 ﬂ
DAYTONA BEACH for $53

ill Iloliduy Inn on thc ()ccain
Round Trip Motor Conch $59

—Albany State Travel Club——
Call now 4574000 or 457-4043

- Mar. 28 - Apr 5

DANCE COUNCIL
is looking for new members
Moorings:

6:30 p.m. cvcry Tuesday
7:45 p.m. cvcry Wednesday

No experience necessary!
Third Floor S tiulio.
University G,i‘nma.riitm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'COCIIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

 

PAGE THREE

4/.—

FEBRUARY 18, 197E

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

/
PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT pangs FEBRUARY 18. 1975

w my mama.“ «Ho-two. :

l... Mwmun‘mumu-MMX Wm H~meWW~~Wi

 

