 

public; Governor Carey’sppointed s b ' k,

1 From ,fho' 
Aft-lithe" 
Center of the
Public .Eye '

by David Lerner
The convulsive forces which resulted in the
bloody eruption at the Attica state prison
facility on qutember 13. I97I treaten to
reernergc four years later. The factors of
overcrowding, inadequate rehabilitation
facilities and angry inmates are conspiring,
begging for a reenactment of that massacre.

After a drop in the prison‘s population to
l,200 following the riot, the inmate
population today has swelled to L900.
Unfortunately. the capacity of thc prison's
rehabilitation programs is only about L400.
The anger this time is the result of the Mo
convictions handed down last week in an Erie
County court against two Attica inmates
accused of killing a' prison guard during the
retaking of the prison by state police. Of the
two verdicts, both against Indians. the one
against John Hillvwas for murder. while the
one against Charles l’cmasilice was for the
lesser charge of attempted assault.

While social scientists will debate for years
over the precise cause of the prison revolt,
citing factors such as the temper ofthc times in
their theories. the unbearable overcrowding
contributed directly to the aborted action.
Following the Attica uprising. moves towards
prison reform beme the vogue in New York.
The hotbed at the men‘s detention center in

b
it?
if
9V
a
V
E
¥
as
a
1%
as
g
55%

$1 ‘Eﬁiﬁﬁﬁiﬁlﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

v

PAGE TEN

corrections commissioner—Benjamin

ofthc prisons, and the entire penal system.
Gradual improvement seemed to have settled
over the troubled'prisons, but repons indicate
now that trouble may lie ahead for New York .
and its prisons.

The enigma of Attica will no doubt remain .

at the center of the public eye. Toward that
end, it is important to note what has been
reported for months. but what the public
seems to havechosen to ignore—of the 43 men
who died during the state police‘s recapture of
the prison. 39 were killed by the state police.
Yet the Wyoming County grand jury which
turned in all the preliminary indictments
relating to Attica refused to indict even one
state police ofﬁcer, but did turn in 42
indictments against 60 inmates.

Last April,a ncwgrandjurywasempuneled
in hopes of their returning indictments against
the troopers for excessive use of force.
Meanwhile, the trials will go on for the
accused inmates.

Since the news of the Attica convictions.
Malcolm Bell, the former aide to the Chief
Attica Prosecutor, Anthony Simonnetti.
accused his boss of blocking efforts to
prosecute the state police involved in the
retaking of the prison. Simonnetti has said the
second grand jury is expected to hand down
indictments against the policc.That, however.
is no solace to the remaining 39 defendants.

The root of the problem which caused
Attica has not disappeared and there is no
indication that relief is on the way. Rccent
laws which mandate tough judicial sentencing
are adding to the inmate rolls. In light ofthc
disclosures made public in recent weeks of
prosecution irregularities. of which FBI
spying into the dcfcnsc‘s camp is a prime
example, public mistrust of the entire post-
Attica court battles, coupled with worsening
prison conditions. will irritate the tenuous
peace in the prisons. with nobody willing to
guess at the outcome.

by Grace Jordan

. Everyone hears about the world food shortage but is anything being done? About one-half of
the world‘s population is living in technologically advanced countries where food is abundant,
machinery is sophisticated. economic resources are large and population growth is under
control. But for the other half, an impoverished situation exists. In Africa. there are at least ten
countries suffering famine; throughout the rest of the world another nine are threatened.
Included among this second group are countries such as India, Syria and Bolivia.

In the U.S.. however. food technology and production are developed to a very high degree.
Better plant strains. fertilizers and machinery have been a great boost to productivity. Until the
energy crisis of I973. most people assumed agrarian progress would continue as it had in tire
past.

Unfortunately, energy (especially petroleum) is the foundation for many aspects of modern

farming. During the past twenty years. the amount of energy used in producing certain foods has
tripled! Huge amounts are also rcqtrircd for food processing rind transportation.
' In the markets of developed countries, the need to economize energy is and will affect the
quality of thc’food available. More sparing use of insecticides would not necessarily lower the
food value of a crop. but consumers must he prepared toaccept fruit and vegetables which are
less than perfect.

Why are some foods easier to produce than others? It takes two pounds of cereal to produce
one pound of poultry, fottr pounds of ccrcrrl for one of pork and seven pounds of cereal fora
single pound of beef. In the lesser developed countries, each person annually consumes
approximately four hundred pounds of cereal. Because ofthcir type ofdict. most ofthis is eaten
directly. lltrt in the "hrcad basket" ofthc world, only one hundred fifty pounds are consumed \‘irr
breads. cttkcs, breakfast cereals and the rcst-——a whopping 2,050 pounds is ingested through the
other foods we eat. Noted nutritionist Dr. .Iean Maycr of Harvard claims that “The same amount
of food that feeds 2ft) Americans would feed |500 Chinese on the Chinese diet.“

It is interesting to point out that the “bread basket" countries (the US. and Canada)contro| a
larger proportion of the world's exporttrblc grain thrrn the Middle East does oil! Alone, America
produces 50% of the world's total whctrt exports, 60% of the feed grain and 90% ofthc soybean
exports. We actually grow two-thirds of the world‘s soybeans!

To help feed the world, technology is involved in the search forfinding replacements fot'some
bilSiC fOOdSlllffS- Nevertheless, the people of Indonesia. Bangladesh rind the
Philippines contirtuc to go hungry. What is going to happen as the world becomes increasingly
aware of the starving masses? Think about it the next time you reach for that second glass of
milk.

 

'"ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁa’  ..~"  ' ' 

Got a Gripe?

4.?
eing Hassled?

The Ombudsman’s Office can help yOu!

Ombudsman (am-budz-mon)

I: a government official appointed to investigate

complaints made by individuals against abuses or

capricious acts of public officials.

2: one that investigates reported complaints

(as from students or consumers)

Student Associa

J: ., ._. . 0 V ., . v - - v.- .' v- n
gazeanewwaaeeaeaaaeannaaaaam
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

If you need help, fill out a Grievance
Form in the S.A. Office (0.0. 346) For
more information, call 7-5451 or 7-6542

Jon Levenson

funded by .rmdml association

tion Ombudsman

APRIL 18, 1975

3'Csffésf2"!  §
The, Uptown-Downtown

Phenomenon '

by Debra Kaufman
My ﬁrst experience with the up-
town/downtown phenomenon oc-
curred when I announced proudly to
my friends that I had just received a
teaching appointment at the Allen
Center. “The Allen who?" “The
Center for what?" were just a few of
the responses I received. "TheJames
E. Allen, Jr. Collegiate Center." I
answered, articulating each word
very clearly lest my shortened form
of the name be the source of unclari-
ty. The kind smiles and benevolent
shakcsof the head indicated that the
abbreviated namewas not the source
of the problem. I grew anxious
awaiting my official contract from
the University in fear that the up-
town administration might prove to
be as unfamiliar with the Allen
Center as some of its faculty. I was
extraordinarily disappointed that so
few people knew about the Center:
but perhaps I was even more upset
about the few who believed they did
know what it was. The descriptions
and functions of this four year alter-
native to undergraduate education
at the State University of New York
at Albany were so misunderstood
and filled with inaccuracies that even
I began to doubt such a unit could
exist and remain so totally shielded
from the uptown campus. lconsolcd
myself that l hitd not encountered a
truly representative sample of facul-
ty members; that the ignorance I was
encountering was more apparent
than real.

Now after nearly a year of
teaching lam acutely aware of how
separated the two campuses really
are. Could it bcthat thcbrainchild of
the sixties (a time of cxhtrbcraut
economic expansion) is to be
neglected today in times of dismal
economic restraints? Are the
challenges to the academic status
(pro and the calls for redeﬁnition and
reexamination of undergratuatc
education to be forgotten in times of
economic crisis? If the history of
American experience teaches us
anything, and particularly the recent
history of American higher educa-
tion. it is that thchealthy survival of
universities and colleges depends

upon their own critical awareness.

innovation, and ﬂexibility.

The decade of the sixties borc
witness to energetic challenges to
almost every one of our major in-
stitutions, and academia was no ex-
ception. In the wake of political
turmoil—-—mcism, the war. sexism—-
emerged a movement on many cam-
puses to confront the formal,
bureaucratic and systematilcd
educational structures and to
transform insliluiions of esoteric
learning into the centers for humane
study. lfthc impulse for change was
partly utopian, and ifsornc ofthe in-
novative experiments suffered a
deserved demise. still the quest crit-
hodicd a compelling truth and
offered a serious challenge. For the
movement on campuses dtrring the
late sixties reafﬁrmed that educa-
tion. as the word's etymology im-
plies. is a fluid intellectual process
and not a stagnant pool of
regulations and requirements. The
challenge was thrown out to
students, faculty and administrators
alike. simply put. to work together to
recast and redefine the premises and
goals of tire educational process.

It was out ofthis critical spirit that
the Allen Center was born. In the
Fall of 1972, after several years of
study and preparation, it opened its
doors to its ﬁrst students,offeringto
them an educational alternative to
the more traditional form of un-
dergraduate training. Its early ad-
missions program was designed to
relate the final year of high school
and the early college curriculum, in
art effort to eliminate thcdrrplication
that many high school seniors ex-
perience when they enter college.
Consequently. students (but by no
means all at the Allen Center) were
permitted to apply to the (.‘enter as
juniors in high school. If accepted,
thcsc sometimes bored, btrt often
highly motivated students could
complete their senior year of high
school simultaneously with their
freshman year of college.

liut far more than merely a tinte-
slrortcrrcd degree program tltc Allen
Center was concch ed as an alternate
model of undergraduate education
and as such it has sought to initiatcti
unique trutdcmic program and

AN OBSESSIVE SEARCH FOR A PRIOR EXISTENCE.

Ileinciiiiiat on

Biff '

AN ELECTRIFYING

“a.

GLENVIEW 1-2

(llerirldge Rosd
East (ileuvllle 399-9696

PAGE ELEVEN

MOTION PICTURE

Norttrwuy Mrill
('olttrtle 459-5300

provide a stimulating environment
for learning. With these goals in
mind the Center was planned as a
small, residential unit within the
larger university. Although our
students may register for uptown lec-
turcs, the Center‘s intimacy provides
a creative tension in educational
styles. permitting more personalized
faculty-student relationships and
more informal classroom
procedures. Indeed, students at the
Allen Center are expected to share in

\

the vital responsibilities ofthcir own
education ~through their con-
tributions to the curricula design and
through a contract process whereby
they may design a cottrsc in conjunc-
tiurr with a professor to suit their
particular academic strengths, in-
tcresls and current motivations.
Still. as significant as its
ucccleratcd program and personal
intimacy may be. the Allen Center‘s
uniquc contribution lies in its
curricula. Its current program offers
a broad liberal arts education
developed around the fundamental
social institutions. Ilut the function
of the courses is not merely descrip-
tive. that is, to identify and classify
the characteristics and functions of
these institutions, bill to understand
the ways such institutions in-
tcr'rclrrte. and thc fur-reaching im-
plications of these coruplcx itt-
stitutionttl dynamics for history,
social change and public policy. The
benefits of such an approach are
many. For it start it alloWs students
and teachers alike to explore new
areas of investigation. trrrd as a cort-
sequence gives every course the sense
of discovery. Then. too, because
many of thc syllabi are designed to
he team taught by faculty whose
backgrounds are from disciplines
sornctrmcs thought to be incompati-
ble. the curriculum provides an op-
portunity for people from literature,
philosophy, history and the socrrtl
sciences to combine their expertise
(and sometimes ignorance) in art cl?
fort to integrate the intellectual con-
tent of tlrccourscs. So inn fundamen-
tal way the Allen Center‘s
curriculum mirrors the real world in
which we live. for just as our real life
experiences do not subdivide into
disciplines, neither do ourcourses. It
is here that we approach the heart of
the Allen Center's philosophy of
education; rather than offering

changing world in whidrths‘y mint
take their place, a worbl to which“

expect them to brings critical 

and a keen sensitivity to‘the ways in
which that reality operates.

The interdisciplinary approach,
however, does more than merely
provide a salutary effect on students‘
intellectual lives; itdoes wonders for
the faculty as well. For the most part
we have all been trained in quite
reputable but very traditional
graduate programs whose foci have
been anything but innovative. What
a relief to ﬁnally be able to define
subject matter according to the topic
rather than a speciﬁc discipline. You
might ask, for instance, what does a

i
. {in

modern socialand political historian
of Europe have in common with a
family sociologist? Moreover, why
should they be teaching a family
course together? At ﬁrst disciplinary
glance there appears to be little
reason for this academic alliance,
but on closer look, when it is dis-
covered that one of this hisotrian‘s
specialties is acculturation patterns
among immigrant families. you have
the makings of some interesting
course material rind more impor-
tantly some valuable insights into
changing patterns of familial
organization. If you didn‘t find the
above example very 'Convincing
perhaps the following offers a better
one. What would a theoretical
physicist have in common with this
same family sociologist? Even the
Allen Ccnter imagination might be
lutrd pressed on this one. However.
when it becomes obvious that your
physicist is also one of the ﬁnest
guitarists and folklore experts in the
area, you have a delightfully criter-
taining and info rmativc presentation
on courtship patterns
(cttplicmisticnlly referred to as the
uniting and dating sections of most
fumin textbooks) trnd class
difference regtuding the family. '
r If you are skeptical that this is

 

 

 

, it’diﬂet'ettt‘ ways-
‘ t resometimesov'erwhelmk
ed by die monsbilities they must
bear in behing to shape theirown
curriculum and in otherdeeision-
making processes they must assume
(students as well as faculty share‘
equal representation on all major
decision-making bodies). The facul-
ty has the total responsibility for tid-
vising students as well as curriculum
development. (Oh, to be able to
teach the same course twice!)
Differences within disciplines can
make communication difﬁcult
enough but nothing is quite com-
parable to the interchange dif»
ﬁculties among colleagues from
different disciplines. We encounter
communication problems C.P.
Snow never even dreamed of. In-
deed, it is no easy task to remove dis-
ciplinary “blinders.” (but then again
there is no sense of accomplishment
quite like the one you feel when you
have wom an argument by sheer
force of your intellectual discourse
rather than by use of prevalent dis-
ciplinary jargon). Moreover, trying
to keep abreast of your own dis-
ciplinary material while exploring
new disciplines keeps one intellec-
tually alive but exhausted as well.
Finally, perhaps the administrative
responsibility of such ' a program
may well be most awesome. For
these interdisciplinary courses must
not only be coordinated into amajor
program . but fit into the larger un-
iversity setting as well.

No one crin diminish the feelings
of frustration or fatigue that accom-
pany such an academic adventure
but then again few programs can
offer the same sense of excitement.
The challenge of this model of un-
dergraduate cdueation has helped us
to solve one of the most pressing
dilemmas all educations have to
face: how do you compress into a
four year program. the essentials for
a lifetime of learning? At the Allen
Center we don't; what we try to offer
our students is the spirit of critical
skepticism: the intellectual agility.
the recognition that reality »—-
historical or present ~is not as sim-
ple as we have been led to believe.
And with these perspectives, we no
longer think only in terms of four
year programs. but are free to see
one's lifetime tls a continuing educa-
tion.

So let‘s be done with the up-
town/downtown phenomenon.
Let‘s not only kccpotrracademic op-
tions open but even more important.
ly known. We at the-State University
of New York herein Albany, have
accepted the challenge of the sixties
knowing that perhaps the seventies
need those options cVen more.
Higher education cannot be seen as
separate from the process of educa-
liori for we are continually redefin—
ing our goals not in hopes ofa final
answer btrt in order to suggest that
knowledge resides not in the answer
but rather iii the quest.

“The Allen who?"

“The Center for what?"

W

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

APRIL 18, 1975

 

