 

 

 

 

Mm arm-Mm... We. ,,._,  . .

 

9:;

Captain Fantastic does Cams

3-
e
.3
e
.3
o
to
'6
e
3
F3
t'.‘
e
‘9
i:
3:
‘3

In Pieces of the Sky ...and other sto‘l

 

Pleeeri ottquby—Eini’nylou Harris

It beeov es harder and harder to
eategorize‘musieal artists in the ever-
ehanging musical scene. There is
folk-rock. folloeountry. country-
roelt -‘ and good ol‘ country and
western; But no one can ever ﬁt into
any of these tight classifications. A
good example is Emmylou Harris.
whose ﬁrst album. Pieces afllte Sky.
places herwithinalloftheaforemen-
tioncd straightjackets.

Her voice and style can mosteasily
be compared to Linda Rondstadt.
and that comparison is notdemcan-
ing to either of the women. Harris‘
voice is light and high. with a clear.
slightly nasal. but still hell-like tone
that slides easily from note to note
and octave to octave. The whole
effect of her album is very mellow.
even though several songsarcalmost
bouncy. She is.at worst. comparable
to the myriad of country-western
female stars. but even then she has
what very few of them have-class
and taste. She is never unlistenablc.
She is country in a more John
Denver-ish sense. without the usual-
ly cloying sweetness that pervades
his songs. In fact. one of the most
powerful cuts on the album.
“Boulder to Birmingham.“ was co-
autltorcd with Harris by Bill Danoff.
whose songs often end tip irt
Denver‘s rcpetoire.

All but three cutsonthcalbumare
totally effective. The leastcfl'ectivc is
“Sleepless Nights.“ wbiclt is just rtot
a good song. The lyrics are poor and
it is full of choking self-pity. ll'
artyorte could have saved it. it would

have been Harris. but even she
failed. ‘Too Far Gone" almost goes
over the same edge of stickiness. but
the understated orchestration and
Harris‘ mudulated style pull it
through the syrup of the lyrics.

The most effective and moving
songs are "Boulder to Birmingham."
"Before Believing," “Coat of Many
Colors." Lennon and McCartney‘s
“For No One.“ and .’ .iel Silverstein‘s
"Queen of the Silver Dollar."

Harris has only one semi-original
song on the album. “Bouldcrto Bir-
mingham.“ which is unfortunate
because she shows it great deal of
creative talent. That song is ab-
solulcly beautiful. with a great
melody lincrtnd some very poetic im-
ages. “‘l‘he last time 1 felt like this/l
was in the wildemcss/And the ca-
nyon was on fire. ..“ From the song
“Before Believing“ Harris got the ti-
tle of her album. it is a soft ticoustic
song. simple and pretty.

The backup musicians and the
orchestration on the albunt are ex—
cellent. The playing is crisp and ex-

.actly right for Httrris‘ style. Bernie

l.eadon of the Eagles does art int-
prcssivc job oit the banjo. acoustic
guitar. bass. and especially the
dobro. The strings are never over-
done and always enhance the songs.

Eittntylou llarris‘ first solo albtirn
is very impressive. She is no new-
comer to the musical world. having
sung with various people before.
most notably the late Gram Parsons.
I’i'cr'tu o] I/It' Sltgt' has won for her
rttttclt critical acclaim. deservedly so.
[hope that her rtextulburn maintains
the same degree of cxcellcttcc as her
lirst one.

f'llft/ 0f- THF [KY

by Jeanne Salt-win.
Gorilla—James Taylor (Warner Bros.)

Soft. gttitar. blunted mellow voice. pleasant harmony
“till it touch ttf the tragic that‘s the music ol James
laylot‘. Irom his earliest works to the present. “is
delicate rttatntcr has not been altered by lartte or hv his
marriage to L‘ttrly Sitttott. If anything. laylor's recent
fatherhood has rendered him ait etcn tttorc sensitive
man than he previously was.

llns sensitivity nttd tltc fntttilinr lttylot‘ style combine
itt ti‘oriI/u. Iaylor's most recent collection of tttellow
inclaitcholia. 'I lie album. like his others. reflects his self-
image ot a kind ol laughable tragic hero: laylor frets.
regrets and bcmoans his lot. bttt his music actually
remains enjoyable. l'he ambiguity between the soulful
lyrtcs and easy music is the secret of'l‘aylor's sueccssa rid
the success of this album.

With the exception ol'the tnttde-to-bc-tt-single“liow
Sweet It is.“ a pop study of marital bliss. Taylor‘s songs
are completely within his character. In tlte first cut
"Mexico." 'laylnr tells us he'd rather be someplace elsci
in the second ettt. "Music." Taylor tells himself. “your

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

by Ellen Weiss

Scheherazade And Other Stitrit-s—llrni'

 WW

 

~ (Sire)

The taste of success lilltl Rciirnsszincclati. ‘ rienced in America has given
them the confidence to ht'ttttt'it oiit iritltiini t album. Sr'lteheraztldl‘lllld

()I/lt’l‘ Smriuv. to a level oi |.mtnw illtlt‘m
Rather than trying to kccp the thumb ’

d from previous works.
heir songs to some level of

reality. titey have let tltcinscltcs go till ottii siutl. fantastic tangent that
only Renaissance cotild pitsstlti) carry all: cssfuily. As a theme for the
album they itave Chosen a slot) lrontu lhrt " ad And One Arabian Nights

called Scheherazade. ottc oi lite itorld'toltl
Actually. each side ol the album Clint“

and best loved fairy tales.
alone. The first side “Other

Stories“ is a series ol iiiiL'k' \ttll'ﬂv lhcftnl " rig. "l‘rip To The Fair.“ is a

haunting song about an empty trnr grotintlt
itext song. "l‘lic Vultures i It lliglt." none

sends chills up the spine. 'l he
the few songs on the album

where the music is secondary to \nnrc iitliiil . ‘voice. In this song her voice
is the music that brings lilL' \ltllg .til\t' ii‘lt' st song on side one. “Ocean
Gypsy.“ is one they illl\ c been doing Illt'tlnft fora while. It is the only song

on tltc albtittt that isanytlnng ilkt' tliorprtt

thotigli it is nonetheless .i great song,

Side two of the album I\ then llllltlt‘dilt'll

pieces in mood and feeling.

oftlte story “Scheherazade.”

It is a complete contrast tonnttlnngtht-thti  \‘crdottc in that the musicattd
..

orchestration are tltc tittltlltmnl Ittlcctlltlili‘

'l ltcir voicesare truly used

as musical instruments lll~|L‘.lti ot .t lllt'dllmi ' llingtltc storyfl‘he piece relies
on orchestration lottticglt'c llt'\t'| ilt‘dltittllil other rock or popular albttitt.

liow'ctcr. lite \\ itole thing wines oIl .|\.lll
docs justice to the lillllih} mood \t‘l Illlilt‘

As a whole. this album \\lii tit‘illlllt‘i\
itself as a classical rock lminl illllltlll)
as good and c\ cit hellct lil.l|l thcn itwrilrtl

this Iicw allturtt.

ccllcnt mood piece that really
igirtal story.

[It Renaissance iii a class by
scs their live perforttianccs are
trlormances. particularly with

by Larry Welssenberg ‘
Daryl Hall a John Oates (RCA)

The first Hall and Oates album.
Abandoned Lune/teatime, was so
good I became an instant fan of
theirs and expected great things
from this duo. Unfortunately. their
newest release. simply titled Daryl
Hall and John Gales. does not live
up to this potential.

The album does have its strong
points. however. "Camellia." being
released as the single. is a very
pleasant number. with a fast. catchy
pace. and good vocals in their
familiar style.

The other tunes on side one are
adequate although they all sottnd
much alike. witlt the exception of
“Out of Me. Out of You.“ This song
attctttpts a soul sound tvlticli simply
does not work for thent.

This is also the problettt with side
two of the album. 'l‘hey attempt
different styles. suclt as Jamaican on
"Soldering." or electronic on
“(irottnds for Separation.“ aitd they
sound completely out of their

clement. l'his side is litirt by poor by Karen Scltloslierg

Fumaslicthan he has since Madman Across the Walei‘.
Gum/bye Yellow Brick Roadwas hampered not only by '
that dichotomy of music and lyrics. but by the weight of
two albums in the one effort. Caribou. although a single
disc. had such a distance between John's melodies and
'l‘aupin's lyrics as to make it almost unlistenable. John's
melodies barely fit Taupin‘s lyrics without pushing.and
he was constantly adding or subtracting syllables. At
that point there was doubt about the future of the team
who could at one time produce such songs as “Madmn
Across the Witter.“ and “Country Comfort.“

Then came (‘u/u. firiilasllc. 0n the surface it isa pre-
packaged Elton John gil't set. perfect for coffeetablesall
over the country. complete with the publicity posterand
:in offer to join John's fan club. The cover has to be
garish arid overdone ('lhe word “ugly? seems a bit
strong) than any ol'.lohn‘s stage costumes or glasses. We
etcn get a booklet. of lyrics and a booklet called
"Scraps." detailing the rise of John and Taupin.

Fortunately we do not have tojudge the record by its
cover (' ny tttorc than we have tojudge John by his). The
difference iii qtiulity between the outside aitd the inside

production and lyrics. things which
should be their strong poiitts.

Tilt: ntost offensive part of the
album has itothirtg to do with music.
however. The inner jacket comes

(apt. Fantastic and The Brown Dirt (‘owboy—I'Ilton
.ioitn (MfA)

l'm itot ashamed to stl)‘ that I like Elton .loltit‘s new
album \cr) tttttclt. 'l ital might be considered a bad thing
lor anyone ottt ol'tlic tcenybopper stages of A M radio to
say. liltnn .loltit is the instant food of the AM battds.
litcrything he touches turns to gold (or golden oldies).
and naturally that annoys us. for we are the
connoisseurs ol tltctype ol musicthat never. tltartk (iod.
makes it on the charts.

lloueicr. liltoit .lolin cannot be brushed off asjust
attot ltcr adolescent era/c. attotlter sequined. flipped-out
show man. literc is a lot ittorc to ltitti than three-foot tali
stilts and envy glasses tltatt what Rolling Slinicealled
an ‘ironic juxtaposition of nonsense costuntittg attd

serious titttsic."
l ltere are some who would argttc that last statement.
is his music scrious‘.’ His new alhtiitt proves this to be
‘ true.

I “i know you and you kttow ttte it‘s always ltull and
hall." in his latest cllort. cryptically called ('rI/rltlirl
l‘tlllltM/fl (Illt/ lllt‘ liririrrt Dirt (‘iiii'lmt- (who oi course
represent .lolttt and 'l'nttpin). .loltit again strttggles to
combine his relatively straightforward music witlt
lict'nie 'l‘atipin‘s tttorc complex. sometimes ot cry
pt‘clcnlitttts I) ries (perhaps pttrposcly pretentious

because of .ioltn‘s simple styling).
As tar as consistency ol the interweaving ol melody
and lyrics is concerned. he succeeds far better itt (‘rl/tl.

with a grotesque pictttre of the
artists. ttrtc ol tltein itt a slate of total
undress. | lotiitd this totally
unnecessary. l'he only reason for
doing this might hate been to excite
sales tor a mediocre work. Daryl
lit/ll illlt/ Joli/i ()(llt'.\ is it
dtsnppotittittcitt. a \Hll'k far below
what they are cnpnblcol producing.

 

 

leordings

 

 

 

head's been sinking like a stone.

relations. drought. famine and flood.

I and oit and oti.
tltiotiglt loneliness. alienation. despair. extramarital kct ilt'\ in

\tctglttt i\llt\

Kortcltiitnt «tlttllltldl

\\ ll.ll kkt|l\lilt lortnr lrotttcomtttiltiltg suicide'.’ I lie
|.|\iit|t tll sic. which lets tis ignore the
\tilol hl‘ his regtilar stnfl. Danny

‘litrenec McDonald on piano

.lllti Rim knttm'ulm" mills. all kept low-k y. laylor

Is .tltit‘ lo tilH‘lllM
mntctlttng

In lill\ rt ~p
\turl.
itttlnt it.“ ll.\t
ltccn root. tit.r.-.Iw
pctlctl ill litt
tittli/cil .t lllll‘l Ii.
album (on
were itt.ii|t
outstanihnglt.

i'ttl litm

lot

Ito I L'spcr'ately depressing lyrics as
W...‘ tot tli; itcad.
Ht lir‘lvit ts stmilnr to litylor‘s prctioiis
liltlt olml ul‘ lillllll‘l'.’ lh' answer: \ocals.
r out}: ‘L‘lt‘ttt'ly. his songs ltntc net er
.\ to harmony ltns nevcr been so
Ill ‘ lirst tilite ‘laylor has \\iSL‘i)
nnwllnus pair lor two cuts of the
1M”. \.l\|l lllti David Crosby. lite two
... orig |- 'lur‘s music. arid they do ll
.tltt‘lltt'lll "t: L‘very beautiful lirtc.
.- oi in “hit it 0 James 'l'aylordic-ltnrds. who

hate slttt‘k tln oiigh lHt lilttres as well as his successes.

(tori/In I» .i \t'l\ \\
lltc tncloih
adding lltlihlt to I
almost pctluiioi

L'lu‘” i’l‘iece. Taylor is going back to
or your [in {I'Jtllllt‘h'llflL‘l‘lt long vrteatiott.
in on! lc melodies that raises them to
I 1"" “'"W ll'ugic lteroridcsrtgaltt!

SEPTEMBER 12. 1975

 

by Spence Raggio
( uniting .Stunls —- ( itravntt (il'l‘Mt

ilttttgs looked good Iort‘aratnn. Altcra stringol albuittsthnt scented only
to icinloicc then obscurity. tltc nii pltt) their live album was reccuirig was
|L'illi_\ lo piotidc il much itccdcd boost ittto thc ptiblic consciousness.

l ntintttnntclt. that album died rntitci t|lliCi\i).ltllLi their next. (iirli ll’hu
I‘luiii/t lri Illt' \Ighl. disappeared lioitt \ictt ctcit lnstcr.

iiiirti
ara\nn has steadily lllt|ll'tl\ ed \\ itlt cttclt

Itiit thct‘tc not gnen tip. ill lact. C
\ltt‘t'L‘sSHL‘ release. and (turning Strum is no exception.

\lelodt ilils always been one ol tlte group's assets. and here II is
tncoiporatcd iitto a tigltt structure. l)i\i.~.ions betttecit soitgsarc not so much
that its transitions iit n lortg compositt

oitc melodic line to another.
lltc lirst \idc culminates ttt “ l he l-cai' nttd loathing lrt lollittgtoit l’ttt'k

ltng". an instrumental and probably the most engaging piece on tltc album.
\nd the little-out is picked up tigtiitt oti tltc piano at the start of the second
side.

t‘itttitnn‘s itlerttilyrng characteristics are still present. thouin itot
olttitisitcly: the \iolit of Geoff Richardson along with the voice of l’ye
llnstittgs ' ttot nearly nslintitcd nsit titlirst sounds. Aitd ttottltereisthcgood

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

on. changes Hunt the development ol ".-\|l Sorts ()i Untuetttiortable l'ltings".

A rciitlorcirtg illustration of ('iirntan‘s versatility. their adaptability —
qualities which will again be tested when they replace keyboard tnatt Dave
Sittelnir on their tipcorttittg tour.

With the release of each new Caravan a
proclaim ‘tltis is the
superstar!“ bill it does ttot happen. (‘rirav
iii a sellislt elitist audience who protect itrtd hide them from the corruptible
masses and fill it more than adequately.

is surprising. the lyric and scrap pamphlets are essential
to the tittderstandittgofthc album. It is.as.lohn himself
said itt art irttcrticw in Rolling Slime. a “very
ttttcomtttcrcial" album.

At least he had good intentions. for even though he
hadn't plaittied on arty singles. he is too hot to be kept
off the charts. Aitd the worst possible way to be exposed
to ('11/11. l'ilrilustii' is to have “Someone Saved My Life
lonigltt“citdlessly drummed irtto your head.

“it‘s hard to when song with bitter lingers, So much
to prove so few to tell you why . .  The album is a
whole. attd it tttust be taken as thrit. Once you
understand the album‘s concept as a biographical and
autobiograpltical tracing of John's and 'i'attpin's rise in
the m tlsic world. then you can hear the songs separately.
lint takctt otlterwisetltc songs. though pleasant-enough
to listen to. rircnlmost tttcaniitgless. “l-land itt liiind tvent
music and the rhyme ’l'ltc Captain and the
Kid Stepping iii the rittg . . 

( llllltllll l-‘nrrlusiit' rrIiil Iln' limit-Ii Dirt ('oti'lttir isa
step iii a new direction for the team of lilton .lohtt attd
lict'nic laiipiit. 'llii'i' don't scent to be getting arty less
popular or comittcrcinl. \\illl.‘il would win a group of
hard-boiled pi'ogrcssitc«rockcrs otcr to their side. but
tlicit music is really becoming more tltati just a good
party music. ('rI/I/tllit Futuristicdclirtitcly showsgrotttlt.
lt etcn ends with it hegiitiiittg " l'hcrc's treasure
L'illitil'L'll always seek to liitd. Artd just like us You ntust
htttc had .\ (litcc 1 port .\ littte . . 

mi rws-sitircw'r‘r't“~.

iotk \tIlCL‘ ol Mike \\’cdgc\\ood. their new bass player; rotiglter. more
pouctlnl than llrtsttngs‘. excellently showcased iti the album's closing song.

PAGE 511

lburtt there is the tentptation to
album! This will break Caravan frortt cult band to
art remains to fill a need ~the need

 

J

wr ‘w  .u. we»...

33$

 

