by Collqe'l’resa Wee »
Faced with a deﬂated bank account, fewjob
prospects and havy school debts?
~ Don't bother with small loans to regain
solvency. go .for the big time: declare
bankruptcy. Because of a quirk in our
economic system. bankruptcy is the legal
means of reestablishing good credit and
starting fresh ﬁnancially. I
An increasing number of students and
graduate studertts have turned to bankruptcy
_ as a way of resolving personnel debts.
according to Icyl sources. With inﬂation and
the high cost of living. many graduate students
have started their professional careers with
debts up to 530.000 and have seen no feasible
or honest way to pay up.

" Students and Stlgrnas

“Students don‘t take bankruptcy lightly,"
said Beth Karren. the legal advisor at the
University of California at Berkeley. “There‘s
a real moral stigma attached to it and they
usually come in quite a few times before they
decide to go ahead with the proceedings.“

There is also a ﬁnancial stigma. Stereos.
radios. sports equipment. furniture and other
material goods are all taken away when
bankruptcy is declared. Bankrupt students
can usually wave bye-bye to credit cards and
loans for the next several years. Proven to be
unreliable. they. also face possible
discrimination by future employers.

4"! “ivslilfidefﬂ'tﬂ

Yet bankmptcies are so easy to obtain that
students. for the most part. represent
themselves in court. In fact, all students have
to do is convince the judge that their liabilities

 
ve, effect of. 3stu‘den’t

cies. however. have been severe. The ‘
L of

i at Berkeleyabsorbcd
ected student loans last

year; ‘_ s-zyea‘r. a toss the country, students '
' iwili' default on I500~federsily insured loans.

Thedebt approached half a“ billion dollars and
has threatened the existence of the federal
student loan» program. ' '

This program, which has been in effect since
I966, has distributed $7 billion to over 4
million students. It has been predicted that 24
per cent of the outstanding loans will never be
repaid. The I975 ﬁscal budget originally
estimated that the student loan loss would hit
SIM million but the ﬁgure has since been
revised to $745 million.

No Limits

As of now. anyone may ﬁle for bankruptcy
and there is no minimum or maximum debt
limit. The cost for petitionis SSO‘and it is not
necessary to obtain legal counsel.

Bankruptcies are handled only by federal
courts but property exemptions are
determined by state law. The normal
exemptions—property that a person can hang
on to after declaring bankruptcy—include
clothing. a percentage of wages. basic
unpretentious transportation and
occupational tools.

One Good Thing

The ease with which student borrowers
obtain bankruptcies has prompted two
California congressmen to sponsor a bill
which would exempt student federal loans
from bankruptcy laws.

In the meantime. bankrupt students have
one good thing going: some banks consider
academicbankruptsa good credit risk because
of students‘ potential earning power and
becau'sgfe'dcral  prohibits them fﬂo'i’iylfiling
bankruptcy again for six years.

From-_the;._Cispltol

I m.Hamlin...;

by David Lerner “ '

In the forseeable future. New York State will berun by eritispotitics. For'the past two weeks,
Governor Carey has been completely pre-occupied with the insolvent Urban Development
Corporation, a billion dollar low-income housing subsidy construction corporation whose
business rarely if ever touched the lives 'of New York's citizens. Words were cast about during the
storm such as “endangering the ﬁnancial structure of the state.” “rippling affects across the
nation‘s money markets.” or “compromising the entire system of low-income housing." Most of
the rhetoric was hyperbole. designed in the last minute atmosphere. to scare the lazy State
Legislature into action. . l .

The Metropolitan Transportation Authority. which runs all the commuter trams in the
metropolitan area as well as bus and subway service in New York City has been running at a
million dollar loss every day for the past year. It needs $273 million in subsidies to survive past
March 6. Thursday. Without it. the MTA'shuts down. the trains stop. no one commutes to New
York City to work. and thewordsof “ﬁnancial crisis." “endanger the money structure." “cripple
the city and the state“ will be heard again.

The New York State Legislature closes shop on Wednesdays. and they can all be seen on the
Thruway or the American Airlines l2:59 to New York on Thursday. Judging from past behavior.
that their four day weekends are more important than the MTA. the decision to bail it out. which
in the end is what the state will do,wiII occur at midnight on Wednesday. following impassioned
speeches chastising the politiwl parties. praising themselves for the last minute heroics. while all
the while. the Democrats would havethe votcsori the bill before one of them set foot on the
Assembly floor that night. Asonc Al Blumcnthalaidc said before the U DC vote: f‘We‘rc bringing
the billto the floor now (I l:30 p.m.).“ Q: Do you have the votes? A: “No bill like this would get to
the floor if we didn't.“

So the M'l'A will be saved by playing crisis politics. Right now thcrc is a bill to appropriate $67
million to the MTA. It has been sitting in committee for three weeks. Why? There are two
reasons. First. the Democrats probably don't have the votes secure enough to dare reporting it
onto the floor. Secondly. if they wait until the last minute. more hi-partisan support will develop
as no one bothers to think about what they‘re doing. At midnight. Assemblyman. like most
humans. don‘t function at peak efﬁciency. There is a greater chance of slipping a big one past
them at midnight than at three in the afternoon. As long as the bill sits in committee. no one will
take the extra time out and read it. By the time it gets out of committee. it will be too late. Crisis
politics will have taken over.

There are other crisesto keep a watchful eye out for. The state budget is due on March 3| and
Gov. Carey‘s proposal stand little chance ofsceing passage as it looks now. On the same day New
York City will need $800 million or run out of money and be unable to meet its payroll. 'I'wo
crises in one day are more than the Legislature can handle. The Gov.‘s executive budget provided
for a decrease in school aid. Without such aid. county leaders are warning of real estate taxes

rising close to 45% People may not care less about the Urban Development Corporation. and
mayactually hope that NYC sinks. but when their taxes go up 45%. then they'll be heard. Except

..by.that time. it will be too late. the Legisfdﬁlrc‘t‘ir‘tllhtsve made its cblléctive mind up: crisis politics

again.

 

I

lie 
ARIES!”

fund?“ by slut/cm 11.7.t‘0L'IaIIIIII

 

.  M'sir 'quth

Mill-dye,“ kiddies]
mar-9, rm _
My'mwwmwm Q

Ml" mam: *

concert- Creative Source

9:” 66 Eise- ‘3.Mlilh WHIP
t4.Nwlihesl

89M"! that s, m:

"Ebony Affair Ball"

8.50 per person
$.00 cespls

SWIM am 9, 1975

Film Presentation- Buck 8 The Preacher
Little Rascals

callers/Pius Iv April 21-27. 1975 "Survival"

 iiioii es Salt chips. dealer 6...}. Runis‘reii 1-6. 1915.

For fsrlher informatics tel (518)151-1760

 

Plush 9, n7;
5 13 In lieu Int-stir:

 

 

"Vvv vvv v vvv v

vv vvvv v vv VVV v 7 7'7 vv' vvvvvvvv w

 

PAGE TEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MARCH 4, 1975

 

 

 

ids .t slim Life

. by Greg Leasing '~
The Maids. by Jean Genet. is a

*l’ fascinating -'play portraying two
' highly complex characters pursuing
. a life of illusion. Its plot is

mysteriously enigmatic and in~
volved. and its exposition often
leaves the audience guessing as to
whether or not they should believe
what they are being told. Because of
the complexity of both character and
plot structure, the play is a very dif-
ﬁeult one to produce effectively. The
Sunya Theater Department‘s
production of Genet's play last
weekend overcame these difﬁculties
with deftness and ease. Icavinga very
nice production.
The play revolves around the fan-
tasies of two maids, Claire and
' Solange. whose base existences are
totally comprised of illusions of
grandeur. Their fantasies are eerie.
slide-masochistic games. highly in-
volved master-slave relationships
that have become more real for them
than reality itself. As one maid
pretends at being Madame, their
employer, the other rises up in
rebellion and is stopped short of
murder only because the time alloted
for the game is up. As the play goes
on an intense love-hate relationship
is developed between the maids. a
combination of disgust and fascina-
tion for their miserable lives. ending

13 Just An

in, ﬁrst the fantasy, then the actual
death of one of the maids. This high—
ly involved love-hate relationship
was well presented in the produc-
tion.

Debbie Ottaviano. in the role of
Claire. the younger of the two maids,
gave an excellent performance.
reaching into the many levels of her
character and exhibiting each one
very nicely. Her performance of
Madame during the opening game
was well done. bringing across the
hateful image of Madame as seen
through Claire's eyes. Her ﬁrst tran-
sition from Madame to Claire was
perfect. One almost felt Ms.0t-
taviano shrink as she went from the
grandeur of Madame to the
minutcness‘ofClaire. As Claire. Ms.
Ottaviano was the picture of inno-
cent despair in all she did. Her
youthful turbulence was artfully dis-
played throughout the perfonnancc.
from her first fantasy of murdering
Madame to her ﬁnal decision of
suicide. As the weaker of the two
sister maids striving for control of
the relationship. Ms. Ottaviano
brought across every bit of rashncss
and disparity inherent to the
character. Her scene in which she im-
agines herself to be a grovelling
Madame at the feet ofthe victorious
Solangc was brulthtaking. and

brought across the total dcsponden-

Illusion
cy of the character perfectly.
Helene Geberer. as Solange. the
stronger of the two maids. was also
quite good. Ms. Geberer‘scold. cruel
visage and hard. calculating stance
riveted the audience‘s attention from
the moment she stepped on stage.
while her brutality throughout the
show was overwhelming. Ms.
Geberer was at her very best.
however. during her two
monologues at the end of the play.
Her ﬁrst. in which Solangc imagines
herself the murderer of Claire. was
nicely controlled. bringing the
audience to a climax just at Claire‘s
entrance and leaving them gasping.
Solange's ﬁnal monologue was also
very nice. One could almost see the
two characters merging into one
through the person of Solange.
There were times, however, when
ng. Geberer‘s control did not work
to her beneﬁt. Often one felt that she
was holding herself back. not allow-
ing herseifto let loose with role. The
one moment that comes to mind is
immediately after the maids have
discovered that Madame‘s lover is
out on bail. Ms. Geberer never
allowed her character to get very
alarmed over this situation. Even
though the character is. for the most
part. calm and rational, it seemed a
little unbelievable that she did not
get the least bit upset over such a ma-
jor problem. For the most part,

 

THURS. MARCH 6

 

SPEAKER; only Bess

5:30 pm CC 373

from the University Dept of U.J.A.
This to a meeting for those
interested in working on a
campaign for Israel

however. Ms. Geberer's perfor-
mance was very well done.

Melody Mackenzie. as Madame.
gave the most confusing perfor-
mance of the evening. Portraying a
cross between Bette Davis and Greta
Garbo. Ms. Mackenzie never seem-
ed to rise aboveu caricature ofahigh
soeicty woman. llcr slinking from
one corner of the stage to another
became very annoying. and her

mnli‘mu-r/ on page Ihiru'cn

 

 

Candidates are:

INDIAN

David Keller
Johnathan Martin
Steven (Fells) Wills
Larry Schwartz
Rick Kinane

COLONIAL
(2 Sale):
Robert Greenﬁeld
Rose Maney
Larry Lavernan
Warren Melesn
Steve Dimeo
Glen Beer

John Gibb

Phil Markert
ilarvey Luft
Kathy Baron
Mark Goldsteln

COMMUTERS
(2 Seats):

David Coyne
Frank Mendelson
Joel Feld

Stu Klein

ID in order to vote.

 

TRAL COUNCIL

Jefl “Uncle llsrrnttn" Msndell
and: CLASS 0

NOTE: Bring your Tax card and

Upon“!th  J [um/ml hr .l'Illl/t'lll warm-imam
.3 . ..

 

S.A. Elections

March 4-5-6 (Today, Tomorrow, Thursday)

 

PRESIDENT:
Jun Lafayette
llsrts Jansen
Marcilienerke
Jlnmty llrown

.Itllltlt'rl by .I'Itlllt'lll rl.i.t'm'itlliull

UNIVERSITY SEN/i TE

—____-———-—-

F '78 OFF] C E RS- CA N DI DA TES.‘

iNDlAN:

John “Pretty Boy" Sitt'mg

Ilerb “The Weatherman" Borensteln
Maureen Diinaluo

COMMUTEHS:

Mitchell "Ace" Kassan

Steve Kittz

Ralph chler

Michael Sakoff

Jeff “Uncle llerman" Mandell
lllll Duker

David Ahranioff

COLONIAL:

Steve Arnold

Keith (irllillmtll
Micllltel Aschenhrenner

DUTCH:

lloward Gulik

ltob O‘Brien

Martin (Marty) Cohen
Al Suloway

Malcolm I'urow

Ira Zimmerman

VICE—PRESIDENT:
Diana Castillo
CLASS COUNCIL:
(ti seals):
Judah Shapiro

‘

 Peace and the 

Let‘s turn things around a little
bit. Everyone thinks of the Romans
as warriors. the whole nation being
practically a war machine. Even the
historian Livy recounts that in very
early tintcs her neighbors regarded
Rome as “an armed camp in their
midst." But the Romans had a love
of peace also and a high regard forit.
Actually they may have been no
more warlike than otherancient. not
to mention modem, peoples. only
more efﬁcient.

At this point someone may ask.
“What about the belief of the
Romans themselves that they were
the descendants of the war god.
Mars?” The question should rather
be “Was Mars a war god?” or “Was
presiding over war his only func-
tion?“ Certainly Mars was conoem-
ed with war. otherwise he could
never have been identiﬁed with the
Greek god ofwar. Ares. The true and
origami nature! or this deity is lost in
the long expanse of time since the
days of the primitive Romans and in
the layers of later accretions.
However, there is ample evidence
that Mars had important connec-
tions with agriculture. Perhaps
originally he was a god of farms and
pastures with the special function of
protecting crops and herds. often. of
course. by war. " _

At the time of the dictatorship of

‘Sulla, following the wars between

Marius and Sulla. Cicero wrote of
the disastrous effect of the violence
of war upon the character of those
who had once been humane. To be
sure he is speaking of the violence of
a civil war. and undoubtedly he is
idealizing the Roman character.

It wasa practice of thc Romansto
deify abstract ideas. While the

Roman republic was still young. the
temple of Concord was built in the
Forum to commemorate the
domestic peace and harmony which
had been obtained by acornpromise
worked out between the disputing
social classes. -Much later. when
Augustus was emperor. an altar to
Peace. another deiﬁed abstraction.
was erected in the Campus Msrtius
(Field of Mars). the very land of
Mars himself. to commemorate the
peace which Augustus had establish-
ed throughout the empire. Though
this peace was secured by Roman
might. there can be no doubt that the
Romans had a full appreciation of
the blessings of peace for all people.
One of the panels on the wallenclos-
ing the altar- proper shows an
allegory of” these blessings. The
bounties of nature. in terms of
human. animal. and vegetable fertili-
ty. when peace prevails. are depicted.
The central ﬁgure in the relief is
Mother Earth. holding two human
babies; on one side of her is the spirit
of air. on the other that of water.

Tibullus. a poet of the Augustan
Age. has summed up the feelings of
at least some Romans towards
peace:

May peace meanwhile cultivate
the plowed ﬁekis. Beauteous peace
was the first to- bring beneath the
curved yokes oxen to plow (the
land). Peace nourished the vines and
stored juices in the grape cluster that
the son might pour forth (to the
gods) from the ancestral libation
bowlan offering of unmiited wine. In
peace the hoe and the plowshare

~gleam brightly. but in a dark corner

rust creeps over the grim arms of the

mug" w'd'er' fibullus l.|0.45-50

 

. v“ so
0 :6
“W: 05‘”

438- 70 75

 

’
w a Taco J a
577 New Scotland Ave.
(opp. St. Peters Hosp.)

t“ TACO EATING courasr
limited entries (20) W2,
SUN. MARCH I6 l-3 pm

come in to sign up
em. fee $2.50

‘\
1‘:

hours
Tues-Sal. lI-8 pm
Sun. 3-8 pm

 

 

 

s .50 with tax

 

Italian-American Student
Alliance presents:
Vittorio chica's

The Bicy

Wednesday, March 5
at 8:15 pm
Admin-ion:

.3 .75 without tax

classic film:
c eThief

funded by
.l'ltll/t’lll asmciallan

 

 

 

 

Ilene-saga
MARCH 4, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE ELEVEN

 

 

