 

CO'IUmns

Yankee Doodle:

. Still Dandy

Music played a vital role in military life
during the American Revolution. It was an
integral part of the soldier'sdaily life. He woke
to it. marched to it. and laid down his head to
sleep by it.

One of the best marching tunes of the
Revolution was “Yankee Doodle." written
several years‘before the war broke out. Like
most folk songs. the true beginnings of
“Yankee Doodle" remain obscure. It has
caused more quarrels bcthcn historians.
musicians. and scholars than any of our other
national songs; for thisjolly. impertinent little
tune with its whimsical, nonsensical lyrics has
turned up its nose at many adignificd scholar
and grayed many hairs by hiding its origin.

The tune “Yankee Doodle." seems to have'

been part of the folk music of almost every
country in Europe. and probably even inparts
of Asia. To add to the confusion. the music of
“Yankee Doodle“"w:is used with other lyrics

“inﬂate-p93: 

which was in a deristve jingle about Oliver
Cromwell (set to the tune of “Yankee
Doodle?). ~ . r _ ‘

One theory states that the Indian corruption.
or mispronunciation of the word “English”
came out‘as “Yengees.” Still another tradition
has the word coming from seventeenth
century New York where the Dutch were
called “Jan Kaas" (literally translated as John
Cheese).

Some say “doodle” caine from ‘tootle'. as on
a ﬂute. According to the Old English
dictionaries. "Doodle" meant a sorry. trifling
fellow. a fool or simpleton. “Dandy” was used
in England at the turn of the eighteenth
century to describe young English gentlemen
who preferred the more affected manners.
hairstyles. and dress on Continental Europe.

All three terms were derisive. and used

insultineg to poke fun at a certain kind of ‘

person. This sets the stage for the writing of
the words to “Yankee Doodle."

There is very little reason to dispute the
legend that at least part of “Yankee Doodle"
was written at Fort Crailo by Richard
Shuckburgh. a British army surgeon. during
the French and Indian Wars. Dr. Shuckburgh
presumably composed “Yankee Doodle” at
old Fort Crailo (now Rensselaer. New York).
Sitting on the well-curb. Dr. Schuckburgh
watched the colonial militiamen march into
camp. The American provincials looked
ridiculous. they lacked military bearing. Their
formations were ragged. they argued with
their officers. The Americans‘ accoutrements.
their equipment. their line of march furnished
fuel for ridicule by the British regulars.

Legend has it that Dr. Shuckburgh
presented “Yankee Doodle" to a provincial

band as the most celebrated martial air. The
provincials drilled to the strains of “Yankee
Doodle” as the British wits stood by watching
and laughing. The joke took and “Yankee
Dnodle“ immediately became ti favorite in

, camp. and the popularity soon spread. One
part of “Yankee Doodlc‘s" history is
indisputable; it was used to poke fun at the
colonial militia.

during the American Revolution itself.

"Arnold is as Brave it Matt." written right
after the siege of Quebec. and a rhyme about
John Hancock were set to the time.

Many attempts have been made to gain
insight into “Yankee Doodle‘ﬂbydrucing word
origins. Letisstudy the word.“Yankcc." Many
theories suggest the original spelling of the

‘Go‘ve'rnment by Credit Card

by David Lerner , 4 ' _ . ‘

Sitting at lunch recently. our conversation turned towards topics not normally associated wrth
sane human beings. topics assuredly not beer-party fare. . ‘ .

Looking at me squarely in the eyes. thus assuring me of his sobriety, he said. ‘ What happens
when people spend money that they don‘t have?" I noticed that this was a particularly naive
question. so I decided to play along. ‘ .

“Well. if they're the average Joe. they‘re simply paying on credit.” ~

“Butthey have to pay the bill eventually with money. right?" “Of course." . . .

‘I mean. you know. real money. cash or a check, something that's Worth something, right!“
“Of course. what's your problem?" - . .

“I don't know. I was reading how the MTA down in the City was getting all these millions of
dollars for their subways. and I thought. ‘Didn't the Governor say that the state had no money to
pay its bills‘I‘ Sure hedid, so how are they going to give the MTA all this money so that they won't
go broke?" ‘ .

“That's easy. the Legislature just sat down and decided to give them the $200 million or so that
they needed to avoid bankruptcy. That way. the executives of the MTA can tell their employees
that there‘s no need to fear ‘cause the money‘s there."

“But what happens when it comes time to actually give the MTA the money? Where’s it going
to come from? I mean. if it‘s really not there and the state is just promising them some money
which they don‘t have. how are they going to pay thebill? Is itall charged to Bankamericard'!"

“No. the state's credit is good. They just pro misc to pay and everybody takes their word for it.“

“But the Governor knows that the state really doesn‘t have the money. How can he allow the
legislators to promise people money when he knows he can‘t pay it?”

“It‘s simple. The legislators tell the Governor. ‘Look. if you don‘t give them the money. then
they will have to raise the fares.‘ Could you imagine what a 60c subway fare would do to Carey‘s
chances of malpractice?"

“Hugh. I mean huh?"

“Never mind. take my word for it. Anyway. he‘s from Brooklyn. and the last thing he needs is
for his home folks to believe he sold out just because he didn't have the money.

"So how does he give the Transit folks their money to avoid going broke and still keep fares
down?“

“The money really won't keep the fares down. it only looks like they will. they'll still have to go
up by the end of the year. especially when they find out that the State hasn't got the money to pay
for all the aid they promised."

"Aha. so you admit that the state isn't going to pay for it all."

"Yes. they will. don‘t confuse me. They'll promise to pay on the moral obligation of the state.
It‘s sort ofa ‘Trust me‘ system." “Yeah. but that brings us back to the original question. how can
the state be trusted when Carey says they‘re half a billion in the red?“

I looked at him sympathetically. All this worrying for nothing. When he goes home in May.
the trains will still be running. the LIRR will still take forever to get nowhere. The subways will
still be hot. slow. and overcrowded. stained with graffiti and impossibly noisy. and all will be
right with the world. The state will still he in the red. everybody will be talkfﬂg'of crises. new
taxes. old taxes. bankruptcy. full faith and credit. It‘ll cost 40c more to ride the buses. but we can

still go down to the cafeteria and eat lunch over insane conversations. You know. land ofthc free.

 

word was “Yankcy.” taken from “nankcy”

r T

 

J»)

state university theatre presents:I
Moli‘ere's
iﬂimﬁtmﬁ’;
'ﬁiiiﬂifiéiltiimg-
!” “1-10 8:30 pm
May 10.11 2:30pm.

Directed by James M. Symons

 

 

 

 

Lab theatre

Perform-rig Arts Center
Stile University of New York at Albany

 

 

83.52Iith educational 1.0.. "with tax card
Box Office (SIB) 457-8606

lunkd by Student Anon-ma

W
Now Presenting:
5 QUAD
\IOLUNT€€R AMBULANCE:
§€RKIIC€, INC.

 

in their annual Spring

FUND DRIVE

Brochures are now being sent to

your parents and faculty members

 

 

#WW

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

See article for details.

jitlltft’l/ hr .I‘llllft‘lil tti'irtvltttltnt

 

 

APRIL 29, 1975

_‘ Librarian Eaten By

Fourteen Ton Lion

by Kim Sutton

Imagine this: it hysterical

r librarian. Miss .lepson. comes run-
‘ nitig into the pasting roont to report

to her boss. Mr. Fultinztino. tltatonc
of the lions that decorate the en-
truncc to New York City‘s Fifth
Avenue Library is sitting in the
Ladies Room. Not only is this 28.000

 ’pound stone Iioti sittingin the Ladies
'_ Room. but it hits eaten Miss I’ringlc.
r another

librarian. Thus. .lohn
Guarc‘s A Day For Surprises.
directed by .lo-An M. Burns.swings
g to action. This charmingly zany
play was presented on April 25. 26.
and 27 in the Studio Theater of
SUNYA‘s Performing Arts Center.

The set. designed by Mike Smith.
was the most ingenious llitive seen in
quite a while. Upon entering the
Studio Theater. the audience is cup-

" lured by the vision of seven foot tall

books. setting the mood fortibsitrdi-
ty. But even morc important than its
propriety. the set did not upstage the
actors.

Steven Lee. as Mr. Fitliiitriint).
was excellent. With hair wildly toss-
:d back and spectacles worn low on
his nose. he was reminiscent of u
mad-cap Jerry Lewis character. I'lc
gives an extremely descriptive
moitologuc in which we are told of
his love for the deceased Miss
l’ringle. It was tiproariously loony.

He goes on for about tcn minutes
to recount the story ol tlicirfirst sc.\-

,,

Nick Brignola with his new band. Petrus. at The Albany institute of

ual encounter. Somehow. despite the
“7 contraceptives Falanztino had
adorned on his “ercct bookmark“
and the eleven dittplit‘tlgtns and
Surun Wrap covering Miss l’ringle
had donned. she had managed to
become pregnant. Alas and aluck.
Fiilanritno polls from her womb a
miniature volume of Thy (‘otitplott'
War/ti of Doctor Spot-Ir fertilized
not from his semen but froin library
paste. Lcc‘s timing was superb. its
was his characterization ofu hurried
librarian who finds life and love
between the stacks of the rare book
room.

Janet M. DL'Ruvo us Miss .lcpson
was unfortunately not us good. The
biggest problem lay in tilt: incon-
sistency of her characterization.
which was probably largely the fault
of tlicdircctor. At first Ms. DcRuvo
appeared to be slightly looncy. run-
ning into i‘tllillllilntfﬁ office scream-
ing in u high-pitched. nasal voice
that the lion was missing. This wus
good and it was funny. 'l‘hcn sitddcn~
Iy she slipped into the stereotypcd
librarian role. throughout the play
shc alternated between these two
roles as il not quite sure what kind of
person Mischpson was supposed to
he. Ms. i)chl\’(I would have been
more effective if she htid remained
the lliglitly character.

However. she too possessed it
wonderful comic timing and never

History and Art

#*

 

 

APRIL 29, 1975

If you are interested in taking next Fall’s

LSAT

prep course

offered by the Pre-law Society;
send $20.00 along with your
name, address, and phone number

to
Student ASSOC/ration
CC 346
0/0 PRE-LAW SOCIETY

id'ﬁlliuilllluiﬂiﬂitwilliﬂlﬂhblttlltw—w. .

hurt/ml lo \lftt/I’HI tl\\ttttillltlll 1

Janet M. DeFt uvo as MissJepson and Steven Leena Mr. Falanzano In a scene from

failed to evoke it response from the
uiidicnce.

The lighting. designed by Leo
Anion. was more than adequate. The
purple hues and follow-spot created
it surrealistic effect that was higth

"A Day for Surprises."
uppropriutc for u play with a
“theater of tlicubsu rd“qutility. [find
it necessary to comment on the fact
that one of the stage lights was in full
view of the audience and was
iimuiciirishlydistracting. not cnhuti-

ciiig.

The script itself is very humorous.
and on the stage it became even more '
so. A Day For Sill'lll'f.\‘t’.t. despite a
few flaws. proved to bea delightfully
entertaining little pluy.

 

I

Brignoia’s Many Styles of Jazz“

by Ira I'hilip Shahroiisky

.ltI/l wits never one of my liivoritc musical styles.
('lussicul music is more my style. but i surprised myscll
when I accepted an assignment to hear Nick Brignolii
play it demonstration press concert with his new
gioiip. l’ciriis. Iliad never heard lirignolu pluy.ttnd who
knows. maybe I‘d find something new to like.

I likctl cvcrythinguhotit it! fills Wits not tlicjii/z lwiis
uscd to hearing. the music of the bohemian 50‘s. It \vusu
nitiliirc. lull-bodied music that hits u really fine. pleasant
feeling about it.

‘lhis concert was it preview of lirigiiolu‘s concert.
slated for June I. I075. at the (‘ohocs Music iitlli. cii-
titlcd The Many Sty/to o/ Nit-It lirtgttu/tt. I'licrc will be
How sets of music. In the first. Iirignolii will bcjoincd by
Jimmy Mcl'urtlund. one of the founders ofthc Chicago
style of dixiclund jun. and will have. in addition. it six-
piccc dixicluitd quI hand.

ill the second. more modern setting. lirignolti will be
joined by Chet liiikcr. who was chosen by the readers of
Don II Ift‘tll its the world‘s greatest trumpet player in tlic
curly I950’s. “is smooth. plaintive trumpet style hus iii-
lluciiccd many trumpet players that have followed Iiiiii.

I he third set will feature Brignolu's new group. I’ctrus.
\\lllt.‘il I had the plciisurc of hearing at the press
demonstration. It cncompusscsju/l and rock. Members
of the group are: l’hil Markowitl. oti piano. (iordon
Johnson on bass. and led Moore on drums. This trio
was chosen the country‘s best college jii/./. combo and
was iiivilcd to perform at the world-famous Newport
.lu/I l‘cstivul.

lirigiiolu untl the group were first introduced to each
other by lirignolti's manager. lith Roscnhlumll'hcy got
together and utter a six hour session together. went out
to play their first gig. Now. ifuftcr a six-hour session they
could get it till together. and seeing where they ttrc right
now. I think that they will go very. very far.

II -' ‘ I "1 piece was titled ‘l'

uvo-

SEMESTEH IN ISRAEL

Wesleyan University. Middletown. Connecticut 06457.

 

 



 

A

A program of study in Jerusalem. durinthe'Spriiig~s{mester of I976
sponsored by Wesleyan University. Specially arranged courses. conducted In
, .

Ilcbrew. on subjects Including 'I‘iinach. modern Israeli literature. Mcdiev\i
Jewish Philosophy. Wesleyan credits transferable. For particulars. and

application form. write to: Director. Semester In Israel. College of Letters.

:l' '
with'u'Spunish'l'liiir."véry“wurrn'tutti 'br‘ighff All I could
lilllfk wits “If Ilcih Alpert [\iic're‘ti{i:iii'itititi. thii would be
what he would play.“ The next plCL't.‘ wu" “Country
Song." with 'l'cd Moore on u wild-looking instrument
culled zi Iicrinbtiu. It consists ol it long curtcd picccol
wood and u hollow round piccc. ilil tittiicjiingoiic single
string. It is struck with it light stick ol wood and can ziltcr
pitch. ch Iulcrcxpluincd to me thtit the instrummt coni~
cs lrom i‘ll'tI/ll and the sound \l as right lot this particular
piece.

Ihc most entertaining iliiiig that they did “its .iju/I
\crsion ol “My l‘llllll)’ \"ulciitinc." it song limit the '40's.
It started out and coded u till the melody. but the middle
was it ju/l \tIl'llIlitIll that has spcctuculur. :\II the
iiiitsiciiins rcally got into their sounds and into cttL‘ll
titlict“s sounds. utid this is one of the most important
lcclings iii music. “row was something magical about
whui was going on. r,

I spoke to Nick lii'ignolu ultct Iilt' concert. und asked
hint il be thought. us a summer instructor ol j.i// here ill
SIINYA. one could rcully icuch ju/I. Ilc said that he
doesn‘t tcuch ju/I. he can only touch the history ofju/I
uiid perhaps some fundamentalju/r theories. btii unless
the class were Ilii musicians. teaching the playing and
tcchiiiqiics ol jti/I would hc \iustcd. llic layman would
get little oiiiol stichti class. Ilcsuid ihut he'd like ioicuch
ii jar/r workshop. so for all til you \\ ho pluy instruments.
he'll be here this summer.

We further spoke ubotit music. I'hc field of music is
quite competitive in the large cities. he silid. He‘s happier
to get to play his music Ill less competitive atmospheres.
where people who uttcnd his concerts really enjoy his
music. Hound his group are rcully worm and easy to talk
to. and tirade the demonstration u lot of fun to attend,

The June concert will be sponsored by the Albany
League of Arts. a 30-year old organization whose gottls
are tobring pcrfomicrs to Albany and to "discover" local
talent. 'l'icket sales will benefit this organization.

ewish Students Coali-
lion

sponsors

co-ed softball game

\ ues., April 29 at 3:4;

etween Dutch and Indian

closer to Dutch).

eer & munchies to follow

Van Ren.

 

Iillltft't/ hr :rtmlttiti ui-rrtriutiutt

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

 

