 

 

 

society _ cans

: lnthe practically sed nvironrnent of our

.ca mpm itis not uncommon to see the senseless
waste and thoughtlessness. If it were to stop at
thou'ghtlessness. however. we could easily

' . ;handle,the problem. But itseems the goal of

The crisp May sun beamed in anticipation
over the' smcious green meadow of the
 Mt)ka campus. lt- prom'ued to be a
hen utif ul day and asearly as ten o'clock people
began arriving for the school picnic. By seven
o'clock the sun and most of the hundreds of
studentsihad said good-byeJeavingwhat must
have been the worst mess ever left on those
green acres. From the topofa hill. the ravaged
'rmadow stood in marked contrast to the
surrounding country-side of rolling brown
hills ripe with spring. .

On the bus back to the campus, one of the
evacuees gleefully remarked looking back at
the site from the Northway. “Looks like
everyone had a great tirm.“ Our leisure time is
not deemed well-spent unless we have left our
destructive mark: it is a particular illusion of
our student-society that things must be done
to an excess to be good. We do not drink to
feel good. but to get bombed. The grcatcrthe
destruction. the more blatant the waste. the
more conspicuous our supert‘luity. the better
timewe imagine we‘ve had.

Yet. college students asagroup. are ofan all
but unanimous consensus that our
environment should be respected and
maintained. We raise our haughty cry to coal
mining companies to stop strip mining; to

"much ofgthe destruction is the act itself.
Whereas indistry may pollute the Mohawk

risen to increase proﬁts. beer was poured into'

it Saturday: for the wanton pleasure of seeing
the river foam. And, perhaps as a coup de
graeg, the cups were thrown in as well.
Granted, in terms of the amoum‘ of pollution.
the analogy is a poor one: but in terms ofthe
thought behind the act. who‘s mind is more
warped—our coporatc executive with his
mind in his wallet or our college student with
no mind at all. '

The sphere of influence of these United
States is such that we control a- substantial
part of the Farth‘s resources. it is a pity that
those who will control the resources hold them
in so low esteem. The resources themselves are
of little consequence. but the people who use
them are. So the heart ofour problem lies in
the respect we hold for ourselves and those
around us. It is an ironic twist that a
generation supposed to have been the
harbingers of peace and love nowfrnd the bulk
of their group “on the other side offense."

 

 

\.

Class of '75 &' Myskonio '75
in conjunction with the Office of Student Affairs

pres'ents

Torch Night
Dinners and-Reception

Immediately alter the Torch night ceremony, /9:15,
there will be a wine a fruit punch, cheese & cracker
reception intront oi the Campus Center.

q, .
Alsodfte Patrpon Room has been reserved for 6:30
andhmo tgﬁdlnner for you at your guests. Dine with
ﬁmlly an ' rlendsl Dinners will cost $4.95 (plustax &

ﬂip). A ’non-relundable deposit will be required
per tléket. At the dinner there will be a choice of '
'thrn‘o meals and the balance will be paid then. There
are 100 seats for each sitting. Call the folks now and
reserve ticketstnoxt week.

Tickou on sale in cc lobby:

Monday, May 12 - moo-3:00

Tuesday, May 13 - moo-3:00
Wednesday. May 14 - tame-3:00

If tickets He not sold out they can he obtained by calling Student
Activities 1-7210 after Wedrieulny”

a? w

a, Pt

«3 s.
R? “at;

 

 

 

PAGE SIXTEEN

by armed... .

‘ « .The telephone rang in the ofﬁce of Rent-Awet me, n strictly-for-profit organization that
. deals in placing Vietnam refugees in jobs and homes in the States.

* ‘What's that?”, barked the secretary in a'crisp voice, “you need 200 refugees to serve as

_ strikebrealters at you rrware‘house? O.K. Here‘s the deal. For each Vtet we send over. you‘ll have

to pay Sl.50 per hou r of work. as‘salary. From that, our agency will deduct Sl.45 perhour as our
fee. Can you meet that? Vei'yigood then, you‘ve got it." '

The secretary. S imon; LeGree, an attractive blonde with a hot tempersighed relief as the time
came for her coffee break. .

"| tell ya. Gary. businesshasbeen boomioginthe'employmentagency field forthe last week or
soul hardly get any restin this ofﬁce.” '

“"You look beat." V _ , ‘

“Things are moving fast here. Just yesterday, i arranged with a mining company in West
Virginia to place 1,000 Viets in the coal mines.thusenabling the company to gain an edge over the
Mine Workers union in their next contract talks.”

'What started this boom. Simone?“ '

'The ball started rolling as soon as the first refugees hit Camp Pendleton. Sofar, Rent-A-Viet
has entered into contracts that provide most of the big American corporations with large
numbers of workers who arepaid coolie wages. General Motors, for instance. has an option on
3000 Viets to be slated for work in automobile factories, hence cuttingcostsforthe company.“

“How do you know the refugees will perform up to par at the jobs they are placed in?“

“Oh the Government took good care of that. You see, by evacuating only Vietnamese who
were able either to p ay, bribe. or pull strings in order to get out oftht'tt country. we are insured of
future citizens who will demonstrate our Capitalist American virtues to the hilt."

“No kidding?" _

“Sure. Refugees who split and left their families behind. and refugees who pushed other
refugees out of helicopters and over the sides of boats. demonstrate that get-up-and-go
motivation so necessary to our work ethic. Some may eventually turn into corporation
executives. They have the potential."

“You scent awfully sure of yourself.“

“We can't lose."~

O

" How about the genuine Vietnamese peasants who did manage to escape? Don‘tyou believe
they are in danger of reprisals on the part of the soon to bcdisplaeeti American workers?“
I ‘Not at all. Our workers are to be protected by US. Marines. whereverthey are assigned to
Work.“

“What about the Americans who will lose theirjobs because of all this?“

“That‘s all part of the plan. With so many Americans out of work and low on money. the
circulation of cash will be cut down.“ '

“So?”

“That's how we can whip inflation!"

r h j

 

Willi/1‘
i .
v7 I

Was§ ‘ ; ' . _ . , .
state untversrty theatre presents:

I
I S“II/,0:
‘ J ( zines

H  ' :ﬂiifﬂf’
'. ". if

 

3’37

 

May M, 8:30 pm.
May 1.0.1.1 Myra

Directed by James M. Symons

 

WW
Lab theatre

Performing Meat”

State l.‘ln_iversity of New York at Albany

 

 

$3.32vith educztional I.D.. $|with tax curd
Box Offic: (5l8) 457-8606

tn “nu-u“.

 

funded by Slndul Almittinn

 

 

,’

Best seats available for Set. a Sun. matineen

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ' MAY 9, 1975

 

funded by Student Assn tiarian

 

.uluul‘:

 

 

 

 

 

