 

Indians:

. t ' Taking Over

by Dave Gallstly
Some pressing domesticconcems began to
get together last weekend as militant Indians

in theSouthweststage anothertakeover. The-

difference this time was that members of the
Navajo tribe in New Mexico took over an
electronics plant belonging to the Fairchild
Corporation. a major supplier of defense
electronic devices. The reason for the
demonstration was economic: Fairchild last
week, claiming economic pressures. laid off
over a hundred Indians working at the plant
which happensto be located on (and isa major
industry of) the Navajo reservation.

The incident once again focuses attention
on the long neglected problems of the original
residents of this continent. The policy of an

alien government attempting to rule a‘,
subdued people is never wholly fair and just "

but the case of the United States trying to
control the red man borders on the abusrd.
The continuing occupation of an
abandoned Adirondack camp by latter day
Mohawk Indians in New York state is another
example of Indian deﬁance. No one seems to
know what. to do with the potentially
explosive confront tion. On one side are the
Indians invoking a“ claim. of national
jurisdiction over a large portion of northern
New York and Vermont by right of treaties
signed‘in colonial‘dfs‘yh'l “may ate holding the
camp north of Syracuseas a token symbol of
their rights to a separate nationality. The

 

reiponse, mercifully halted by attested». by , ’

some loul'suthorities would have been to
sendinriot equipped State Police armed with a
warrant to conﬁscate allfircamts In the camp
in the old “ask questions later" routine. ‘

The Federal view of all this is not
encouraging. The Interior and Justice
Departments are trying to ignore the question, .
hoping it will fade away or that'someone else
will settle the question as in the recent case of
the Menominee Warrior Society takeover of
an abandoned mission in Wisconsin. It was
left to the Alexian Brothers, who owned the
property, to settle with the Indians by
converting the property, to settle with the
Indians by converting the old mission ot an
Indian health facility. ' ~

Even the self-proclaimed “friends” of
Indians seem to patronize them. Witness the
recent gift of land in Los Angeles County by
actor Marlon Brando to the American Indian
Movement. The silver lined cloud quickly
became a thunderstorm when it was revealed
that a more than $200,000 mortgage on the
property was long unpaid and was about to be
foreclosed on. You get the feeling that Brando
should have taken the Oscar and forgotten
politics.

This brings us back to the recent Fairchild
takeover and its possible implications. Maybe
the natives are ﬁnally getting the idea.
Takeovers and seizures of national
monuments (Alcatraz) or old battleﬁelds
(Wounded Knee) may gain public recognition
of the plight of the Indian. or as in the
Wisconsin incident some social services.
However, these actions do not have enough
impact to move the “Great White Father“ in
Washington. The possible thrust of the new
action against industry (and the powerful
defense complex at that) may be to force a new
look at the questions of self-government, and
the socialiand economic state of America's
ﬁrst settlers. If there is no movement, it might
not be a bad idea to have cavalry escorts for
Greyhound busses traveling across the plains.

asueeeeuueeeaveomeuseees .
«a o'-

7:30

‘50.“,
JSC - $.50

Wired-deﬁes!*éééééétﬁéééééééﬂmﬂm

PAGE TEN

Carnal
Knowledge

_Sot., March I

LC7

w/tox - $1.00

w/o tax - $1.50

sponsored by JSC
seeeeecseeeeeuuceeueet L-------ﬂﬂwﬂlwuwu------4

10:00

weeomowmeeem

W¢¢¢¢¢¢§§§¢€t¢¥

funded  student association

0'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

v

i ';"*“,”‘;Aro  tongerous?" '

by. David Coyne . '

Once upon a time, many years ago, when you and I were children, there were some students.
These students got together and decided that the university was built for them and that the'world
was hypocritical and ﬁlled with social injustice and political exploitation. The students didn‘t
like the way things were.

So whatdid they do? Well at ﬁrst, they did just what good little boys and girlsare supposed to
do, they asked God and the president and the university to make things better. . .but nobody
listened. The students didn't know what to dobecause nobody ever taught them anything except

to ask. -

Then, without warning, a strange thing happened. Some of the students started thinking of
ways to make themselves heard. . .ways like buttons, and clothing, and long hair, and draft-card
burning, and making demands, and taking over buildings, and burning down buildings, and
taking to the streets until finally, God and the president and the university heard them.Andthc
students asked their questions about injustice and exploitation. And some of the questions were
answered. And God and the president and the university said that not all the questions could be
answered just then but if the students were patient like good little boys and girls should be, they
would get answers soon.

So the students acted like good little boys and girls andwerepatient and booked it and played
f risbee in the sun. And time passed and the students forgot about their questions which made
God and the president and the university breath a collective sigh of relief. Which brings us to the
present.

A long time has gone by and the questions are still unanswered. Why is boa rd going up when
the Patroon Room is the best buy in town? Why is room rent going up $50a year? Why are there
no more student votes on tenure decisions? Why can't four students live together off-campus?
Whose university is this anyway? Why are we being exploited? When isthis shitgoingto stop?

This past Wednesday, 300 students told the Chancellor and the Board of Trustees that we
aren‘t going to pay for a room rent hike. The Chancellor was forced to come down into the street
and talk to the people. He agreed to meet with our representatives to discuss what the students
were saying and he admitted that if what we were saying wastrue, there wouldn‘t be a rent hike.

The shit will stop now ir'you want it to. We are committed. Wewill ﬁght for what we believe we
deserve and we will tell the world that in the immortal words of Dick Gregory “We ain‘t gonna be
your nigger no more."

There will be an open meeting of The Committee Against University Student Exploitation
(CAUSE) this Saturday and Sunday. A list of demands will be compiled and this time we will
keep shouting until our questions are notjust heard but answered. There will be no sell out.'l'he
ﬁrst demand that the committee would like to propose is thatethcredset no designated
spokesperson or steering committee and that all meetings to “negotiate” demands be open to
everyone.

“Are we dangerous? I hope to hell we are.“ from TORCH ‘72

.....................m

University
Student Judicial
Committee

Mi

As has been probably been mentioned to you, all
students must adhere to the rules for student conduct,
which are published each Fall under the title of Studen I
Guldellnes. These rules follow the lines you’d expect
(things such as murder and kidnapping are prohibited),
but the question arises, what exactly happens to the
student if his conduct does run afoul of one of these rules.

This brings us to the Student Judicial System, an
advisory branch to the Ofﬁce of Student Affairs (due to
State law the University must have the final say on
student conduct). The System is divided into ﬁve Quad
Judicial Boards and one University Student Judicial
Committee (USJC). As their names suggest, the quad
Boards hear cases concerning incidents occuring on each
Quad, whileUSJC hears University cases not occuring on
a Quad and is the appeal organ to the Quad Boards.

Don’t h \scared away from the Boards because all they
can do is “advise” an Administrator. As was pointed out
above, this is merely due to a technicality in State law.
In the past two years, no Judicial Board decision has been
overturned. Therefore, if you're a student who has a
complaint against another student, use the Student
Judicial System. Get a referal form from your quad ofﬁce
or the Ofﬁce of Student Affairs. If you‘re a student and a
charge is being ﬁled against you by anyone on Campus
(Security, the Bookstore, an Administrator, etc.) demand
your right to have the case heard by the Student Judicial
process. The Student Judicial System is set up to protect
your rights and interests, but can only do so with student
cooperation and use.

- - - — --------------------------

FEBRUARY 28, 1975

"letters, '
' COﬁ‘i.‘

In a
_  .
Responsible
Manner
To the Editor:

During the past tw0 weeks, I have,
as a student member of the FSA
Board of Directors, been forced to
make a decision as to the necessity of
a board increase. 0n the basis of my
review of the financial statements of
the corporation, and the memoran-

da and discussions with which I
became fully acquainted, I believed

V tial in order to prevent the corpora-

that the increase was virtually 

tion from going more than a quarter
of a million dollars in debt. FSA is a
nonproﬁt corporation chartered by
the Secretary of State of the state of

' New York. Nevertheless,-to be a fully

functioning service organization it
cannot incur debt as a way of doing
business.

My responsibilities in this matter
were twofold—to act responsibly as
a director of the corporation. and to
further the student interest. While
many would question whether it is in
the student interest to pay more
money. voting in favor of the in-
crease helped to insure the survival
of the corporation in this time of
economic difﬁculty. By helping to
continue a corporation which, when
compared to others at all ofthe other

sdtools in the State

- remarkably well, the studéit Interest

is undoubtedly served in that the
comparatively high standard to
which we are accustomed ‘is con-
tinued. The figures should be too
well known by now to warrant
another review, but it is irrefutable
that we. get much more and pay far
less than the vast majority of the
other schools in the SUNY system.
The facts and ﬁgures speak for
themselves.

The issue. however, which I feel
has just as great a significance as the
necessity of the board increase is the
manner in which Student Associa-
tion dealt with the entire issue and
with those involved in its resolution.

To review events brieﬂy: Rather
than consult with the student direc-
tors and discuss the matter at all, SA

iii

towthe country side of the city

beeame’i ‘
ticle in the ASP. The ceiitralCoirn- I.

Remember those wonderful
day: when there was time to
settle back and enjoy a long,
peaceful look at the world?

Come back to those days. You’ll
find them at Ten Broeck Manor.

Here are apartmeirts in the

country style. Serene simplicity

and warm textures all around

you. Sunlight stream: into your
lofted living room. And below
your window lies the Valley of

the Hudson.

1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments,
including every major appliance.
Living rooms with cathedral ceil-
ings. Each apartment has its own
private patio or balcony.

0 Electricity and hunt include In rant.

0 Eoonomlcal laundry centers.

0 24-hour security patrol.

Ten Broeck Manor was con-
ceived around a basic idea: One
of life’s greatest pleasure: is to
relax and enjoy a beautiful View
from a quiet place that it your

own home.

It’s like living in the country

with the city next door.

Directions:

Take Interstate 90 (East, if west
of Albany; West if east of Albany)

to Exit 6 (South Mall); left

at

light; take next left onto North-

ern Blvd.; right onto North M

an-

ning Blvd.; Ist right onto Lark
Street; pass Ten Brocck 11; left
on Colonic Street; follow signs to

Model Apartment, E-2.

For information call 465-2449
or call the Albany Housing Infor-

mation Center.

An Equal [Io/(sing;
Opportunity [hw'lo/nm'ul

Model apartment open

0 Comic tllo baths.
0 landscaped patio and play one.
0 Bus line at door.

\i r ~i‘ Lain—Lig-
IIAICDNV

l

SronAGE

LIVING ROOM
u s' - "'1'
BEDROOM
irr . wt.-

CL

KI‘ICNEN
1 Id‘ n s‘s'

Lﬂggﬁ

CLOSET

. ammo
ctosu ,.

DEDIIUDM
u s' . uu‘s'

 

Tho‘AJS—lrtuyvoleont

Q 2 bedroom 3186*

*These are basic rents. All rents or e

computed according to income.

FI’I. 9-5, Sat. 9-3, is Sun. 12-4

e

re f thisthipu
cill‘despite their awarenessof the ini-
propriety of the measure which in
effect said, “if you don‘tvote the way
we tell you. we‘ll replace you with
someone who will," went along with
the idea.

At the meeting of the Board of
Directors, in consideration of the
facts and figures, all of the student
directors voted in favor of the 8%
board increase. Several tnembers of
Central Council attended the
meeting and upon the realization
that as a General Manager, E.
Norbert Zahm is compelled under
the law to make full and complete
disclosures of information, and
upon the understanding that the
figures and facts were not subject to
manipulations by profit-hungry
capitalists, they became remarkably
mute.

The Council then met on the next
evening and censured Howard
Grossman, Jeff Sherman, and
myself. They also acted with the in-
tent of removing the three of us
from the membership board of FSA,
a body of about 30 members which
in turn elects the Board of Directors
as provided by the by-Iaws of the
corporation. Realizing the absolute
indefensibility of the above men-
tionedjuniorversion of thoughtcon-
trol, the censure was then based
upon the allegation that we did not
oppose the hike strenuously
enough, and that we were inade-
quately informed. In light of

manners” h'as   by ~

Pat Curran, m 'Fidle'r', and~the ,
Central Council. Icannot in anyway
allow myself to be identified with an
organisation which is capable of and
obstinate in peremptory and
irresponsible actions such as those
Council has taken. In light of what.
has recently transpired, I have hand-
ed in my resignation from Central
Council as a representative from
Colonial Quadrangle. l have no in-
tention, on the other hand, of resin-
ing from either the membership
board or the Board of Directors of
FSA. The Council's lack of authori-
ty in this matter is clear and as such.
the action taken is of no signiﬁcance.
I will continue to work with the other
directors of FSA and will continue
to discharge my obligations in a
responsible manner. ‘
Lew Barr

Student member

FSA Board of Directors

everything which had been discussed ' ' '

and the facts and ﬁgures of the situa-
tion, they were asking, in effect. that
we simply waste our breath. It
wouldn‘t accomplish anything, but I
suppose it would show them that we
cured.

The charge that we were inade-
quately informed is hardly worth
dignifying with a reply. It is indeed
ironic that the very Central Council,
aware for months as to the possibili-
ty of a board increase, abominany
ignorant of the ﬁnances of FSA (in-
formation which is readily available
l'or the asking), and oblivious to the
economic conditions of today,
should be labeling us as uninformed
and irresponsible. The same is said,
with far greater validity, of Central
Council.

Mike Meyer and Ira Birnbaum,
who also voted for the increase. were
not censured and no attempt was
made to remove them from the
membership. This inconsistency
deﬁes all logic and reasoning, but
then again, this is something hardly
new for Central Council.

Simply stated, neither the Central
Council nor theSA president has the
authority to remove anyone from the
membership board of FSA. Any
member may be suspended or ex-
pelled from the, Corporation by un-
animous action of the members of
the Corporation. Such action shall
be taken only'for good cause..." By
good cause, the law means proof of
malfeasance, misfeasance or non-
feasance. not disagreement with un-
informed student politicians. This,
however, is the real charge leveled by
Council. The above quoted clause in
the By-Laws is the only legal means
by which a director‘s tenure in ofﬁce
may be terminated.

All Too Familiar

To the Edltor:

This past Wednesday evening, an
all too famil'ur ﬁgure once again
made its presence known on our
campus. It‘s name is apathy and the
campus pre-law clique showed it
right in. Fifteen minutesafter the se-
cond interest meeting (the ﬁrst, of
course, was unsuccessful) to start a
review course on campus for the law
boards was opened, the issue was
dead due to lack of student support.
Despite announcements in the ASP
promising a cost of only $20 each if
100 or more students showed, the‘
meeting drew a crowd of less than
60—a respectable segment of the 500
or so pre-law students wouldn‘t you
53 'T

To add insult to injury, when the
attending crowd was asked ifit wish-
ed the course to begin this spring, 28
students replied affirmatively. (Y es,
I realize most of us take the October
boa rds). That meant the cost would
rise to $60 each. At the mention of
this figure, all but 7 dropped out. I
guess this wasn‘t enough of a dis-
count, for some, from Stanley H.
Kaplan's cost of over SIOO.

I am writing this letter in the
presumptious hope of saving the
program from the dead idea ﬁle. So ‘
if any of you can overcome the iner-
tia of yourbody and the restraint of
your pocketbook, and wish your
name added to a list of still interested
students, then call my home (482-
0693) and tell me your name (or, if
you so desire, tell me I‘m a jerk).

Remember, the program was
slated to begin in about a week‘s
time, so don't wait 'till then.

Mark A. Greenberg

 

FEBRUARY 28. 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE ELEVEN

 

