 

 1975

* Cameo met-tn pm

For allman‘s goals. still life will pass
away. as through an hourglass.

A timepiece. life—l understand—
Human values made of sand.

He walki in solitude.

There are others around...
Yet he il alone. cold. . ‘
Surrounded. trapped. stunted.
Feeling at times minute.
Scenery symmetric-

.Too perfect to be real...
Drab. stark. white perfection.

“Uncle. the wheel‘s busted. We‘re sttsck in Denver
And we've just got to make it to California.

There's gold in California worth five dollars an ounce!
And they need people in Oregon I hear." V as underwater, firmly based.

but when exposed. wind-swept to waste. .
Time transforms. invariably,

weight of responsibility

“Don‘t worry son. There's no wheel busted enough
to stop your Uncle Sam." '

Now someone walks beside him. I
There are others around.

His teachers is listed.

Now warmer. more searre
Feeling equal to most.
Surroundings less perfect

Life is more 

Uncle, what do you do when you're number two

And am "y We” rnto destinations changed

of ships set sail for others' pain.
Slowly I shall realize

When you can‘t build them bigger and better I'm my lone friend beneath these skies

Because Ford no longer has a better idea?
of icy blue'and lire-white

where none will have me in their sight.
Alone—no one to take in haad_~

l'll ponder values made of sand.

50 you cry uncle. when the wheels of the press in Denver
Stark whitenel still there. om mm om will“ my more? -Daniel Frinta
~Corrine S. Bernstein

I Joseph Tripodi

 

 

 

W09" can TH|§ BE?
'BRlTlfH IMPOle
FOR $9.99! '
sUch artists as : A. V I" 9
beat/es
,bob dylan
stevie wonder

also"

stee/eye span
roxy music
paul mccartney

_ many more
cat Stevens

. “ I rue TO PAY more
free .

' Ill TH€ MOTHER COUNTRY

BRITISH IMPORTS $2.99

THIS IS ONE SALE YOU BLOODY WELL NOT MISS
, "TELL ’EM THE QUEEN (OF CENTRAL AVE) SENT YOU. ”.

was a some

 

00070 890 US at

(He’ll appreciate it i I

84 central ave albany, new york, u s a

 

 

 

l

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . JANUARY 31, 1975

.  ~

in our pelitital system our

bodies ta‘kethe‘ easy way out and

'ipre'se‘nt in mirtparison to; the student
yat large. This misfortune ampliﬁes when

{are “precious” status'quo; is challenged. Such
the case yith my Ethnic Group Funding

don't believe that anyone could possibly
lieve that race relations on this campus are
 Theretis a minimum of understanding
nd‘ ins than a minimum of integration. At
resent. Student Association budgets
pproximately a dozen ethnic groups
catering Blacks, Jews. ,Greeks. Italians,

razilians...you name it) costing
approximately 560.000. it has been far too

. ~ long since our student government has to ken it
good hard look at how

this money is spent.

,1 r... 1

 "I

that it buys forced segregation. We send each

 . ethnic group off to their “comer? and in doing
‘ ' to suggest that cooperation amongst us all is

unnecessary. I

It buys us support of the concept of the
hyphenated-American. I do not think that we
can any longer afford to beJudeo-Americans.
[talc-Americans. Afro-Americans. Irish-
:Americans and so on. All of this fragments us.
’pur student government is spending your
‘money in such a way as to draw attention to
those things which draw us apart rather than

i _to those that bring us together.

Theremustbea better way. The way that we
have dealt with the racial situation on this
campus has failed. We must face this fact.
Student Association should phase out its
system of forced segregation and put this

» 560.000 into a new system. one which might

work. Why can‘t organizations like Campus
Center Governing Board and Special Events

- Board be funded and required to do minority

programming? There needn't be less money
spent on minorities. oniya bettcrway to spend
it.

Unfortunately, Central Council persists in

' its attitudeof "if we give them what they want.

maybe they will leave us alone.“ That's a cop-
out. Problems don't just vanish. They must be
solved. i believe that Central Council erred in
continuing , to fund forced segregation.
Council brred in continuing to fund nutivism.
And Council copped out in taking the easy
and artificial way out ‘to a real and serious
problem.
Lewis Fidlcr
Chairperson. Central Council

' Is it So Flo?

T0 the Editor:

On Monday night, Iattended the Floryncc
Kennedy lecture. in her presentation. 1 found
a number of points which merit support or at
least consideration. These points include: I)
Increasing govemment aid to education. to be
Provided by a corresponding cut in the

'PWilson‘s massive budget; 2) a special

election to determine the validity of our two
lillhctlt. but unelected officials: ‘3) equal
educational. job. political. and athletic

JANUARY 31', 1973?

inaction.  ,
- on point where I feel Mu Kennedy a.

wrong and my reason for writing start-Tram"-

the confusion she left mewith over‘the‘Frgl" '

Stokelin-Carpet incident. l remember having ‘

rad an article about this in the ASﬁbut her,
version. if one can call it that. seemed quite-
different. i went up to the ASP after the.
lecture and one of the staff found for me the
issue i needed. ‘

On Friday November 22. 1974. the headline
to the ASPwas “SA Pulls Rug from EOPSA."
Brent Kigner went on to write. and lquote:
“Central Council decided Wednesday night
(Nov. 20) to hold Fred Stokelin responsible
for $630 worth of carpet installed in EOPSA's
Campus Center office. to cancel EOPSA's

order for drapes. and to unfreeze EOPSA‘s .

budget. . . frozen last Friday by the
Executive Branch since no SA ofﬁcial had.
signed the voucher this is in accordance with
Finance Policy.“

The article goes on further to say that all
SA-funded activities must have purchases
approved by the President. Vice-President. or
Comptroller. The purchase order for the
carpeting and drapes was signed only by
Stokelin. the EOPSA president. in violation
of Finance Policy. Central Council. by a vote
of iii to 5 with one abstention, rejected a
proposal that SA provide the funds for the
carpeting which was installed and could not be
returned. Stokelin and the EOPSA claim that
their budget shouldn‘t be overseen. that the
“white. middle class” Central Council doesn‘t
understand their needs. and is in no position to
approve expenditures! in other words.
EOPSA is contending that. at a time when
money is so tight.drapes and carpeting can be:
i) utilized by; 2) enjoyed by;or 3)a beneﬁt to
('l). so few—mamer the EOPSA staff—that
this purchase is an insult to the EOPSA
purpose of providing “ . . . relevant activities
with the social cultural.and educational needs
of minority students in mind.“ (Viewpoints 74-
75. p. l09.)

In her presentation. Kennedy was ignorant
of or cleverly avoided the fact: i have
presented above. To her it seemed a racial
issue and she vowed to come back to SUNYA
to demonstrate and “cause trouble" in her own
words. if the SA doesn't foot Freddy's bill.
Floryncc Kennedy doesn’t see it as it should be
seen—a case where someone overstepped his
limits and must pay for it because he was
caught and was wrong. Jerry Albrect. the
Comptroller. has the responsibility of
preventing extravagant. unnecessary and/or
frivolous spending which this certainly was.
He, Curran. and the Central Council
demonstrate the makings of a responsible
government which will beneﬁt all students.
Power and support to the proper causes. Flo.
but in this one you‘re barking up the wrong

tree.
Gerald S. Chapman

Basketball Support

To the Editor:

(in the night ofSaturdoy. January 25th. on
Albany State strident played the game of
basketball nearly its well as it can be played.
Ed Johnson looked so good that lie would
have made the coach of a Division 1 school

drool.

On Tuesday. i picked up the rtSl’expecting
to see Ed taking up half the sports page.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

he excels.

. a <  .«  . '
Bios tn the Bathroom .
v . _ - '_-Thll'ﬂﬂ cred!”
‘ , - . ' ‘ Jewish busibes’tman lit‘s

To “'9 “in” '  . tradition of stereotypi '

At the risk of beings nitopickeerustnote ' - ' ' ve' ,
my annoyance at an'article in your last issue. that the "new gttttttgc of hogtitityammt "
which. through selectiveobseryationsdistorts ' thtt' Jewish mud...“ typg“. generalizes to all
reality. The culprit isToiletTalk.orratherthe ‘* Jet“ \ ' " > ‘ L I 
accompanying seven inch square tit-chic What disturbs me n the wayTin which the
depicting “racist tgrafi'ttti found by the so“! wa‘ mivd_negudiengetpresnmably. \
Million” - a large numlter of them were JeWs) giggled at -

Indeed they were racist - I counted four- thcamusingplmdyandwphudedattheettdtv‘.
‘nigger's - but i question why the author seemingly unaware of (m- perhaps in accord . .
locus“ 30 mm?“ “Million 0" ihem- with) the attitude of blatant hostility that is

Nature‘s call has had me inspecting my basic to that song. - . " ‘
share of public toilets at SUNYA. and I‘ve Hatred and prejudice are not harmless.
found racial graffitti to be quite rare. The vast . Therefore No not take lightly the expression
majorlly 0f “‘0 scril3lures “W Simply iim'W- of these attitudes and their ready reception.
No heavy political statements. no genocide Jacob Margolin
espousals. Just dirty jokes. often crude and -
not-alI-that-funny. but nowhere in the
neighborhood of Toilet Talk‘s stalls of social
strife. ' ~

Distorting grufﬁtti‘. My God. is nothing
sacred?

The Albany Student Press reserves
the sale right to print or Elli! Letters to the
Editor. Submit letters It'pt’wrillrn to CC '
.136 for consideration. Keep those cards

Km wax . and letters muting. folks!

 

Castles Burning:
The Discussion Begins
by Ken Wax

Repeat a lie often enough. and people will start believing it. Which is probably why so many of
you out there are under the mistaken belief that sexual activity is a normal. healthy part of one‘s
existence. ‘

The tmth of the matter is. as you suspected years ago. that sex is dirty. Dirty. dirty.dirty.

This week we‘ll start a discussion of various components of s-e-x. Scheduled for this article
are Virginity. Masturbation. a little bit about Fomicutitm. and we‘llend (hopefullylin Orgasm.

Virginity

Who remembers virginity? Everyone starts out with this virginity stuff. It's not like you have a
choice in the matter. you‘ve got it whether you want it or not. .

And. at one time or another. everyone (well. almost everyone) loses his/hers. The Question:
Where does the stuff go? Can it walk? Can it change colors and blend into the scenery? Has
anyone ever found any virginity? Are people out there hoarding?

l. in my travels. have never stumbled across any virginity lying out in the street. and don't
know anyonewho has. Now that you mention it. I‘ve been unable to locate virginity even when in
the room at the time of its loss. Where are all of the billions of virginites this world has seen lost?
Is the government stockpiling them in barbwired fenced warehouses in the Nevada Flats? I
would really appreciate any answers you may have to this question. (Write me c/othe ASIii.

Masturbation

it‘s masturbation time! No. no. I mean we’re going to talk about it. Put the thandkerchiefs
away. degeneratt's... -

For numerous generations. adolescents have suffered through hormone—rich puberty with the
belief that Masturbation Causes Blindners. Then. in came the l960‘s with the new morality. and
we‘re told that it‘s an old wive‘s tale: The blindness bit is an unfounded superstition. Science tells
us so. -

But is science all that perfect? I‘ve had my share of ripped latex products. And we‘veall heard
those stories about mix ups which have some Ovulen plastic containers ﬁlled with saccarin. So
are we to believe this dictate of science? I‘m not sure. but I do know that thereare a lot of people
who have to wear glasses... ‘ .

flat. for the sake of discussion. let‘s assume these science people are correct. Fine. its not bad
for yott. llut the question is: is Masturbation gnarl for you?

Can it help you land a good job? What can it do for you grades? Is is going to improve your
social life? Huh? Huh? The answer is No.

Other than perhaps indirectly improving your tennis game. I challenge you to come up with
one constructive use of this potentially embarrassing (“Er..just lookingat u pimple..."htctivity.'
Orgasm

Which brings us to Orgasm. Althhltitlr. that was nice. now back to the column...

Between Consentlng Adults

What's that I bear out there? Sex between two consenting adults is a beautiful. normal thing.
you say? Are you implying that you're adult? You. who spends your time in u fantasyland called
college whercdaddums pays for all expenses. and all you have to do is sit on youruss for perhaps
fifteen hours a week. have the audacity to call yourself adult? Help. Dad. could you put some
more in the checking account... Damn lot of nerve even thinking you‘re anywhere near being
tttlull... ‘

Conclusion ' .

So. where are we? We've established Virginity as a concept that‘s difficult to conceive. And
Masturbation as a waste of time and tissues which‘ll knock your eyes out. * "

Which brings us back to where we started this article. You do it in the dark. With your eyes _
closed. And the door shut. It‘ll get you all gooey and touristy. Now. are you going to tell me that
sex is not dirty? I ‘ 

Correct. Sex is dirty. and ﬁlthy. and vulgar. and you should feel damn guilty about it. not to 1
mention how he‘s not Jewish and you‘re disgrucing the entire family and Grandma would kt
you if she knew'. . . .

. PAGE SEVEN

 

 

