-" ekeeps the fruit sellers in business, though. the use of chemical.
preservatives and potentially dangerous pesticides have caused many“
Americans to wonder about the apple’s effectiveness at keeping the doc tor- . 
away. .. - . . . ._ 

The health~care business is certainly not dying (though due to current
prices, many people are). Health in general, and proper eating habits in
particular, have been the topics of numerous gastronomic arguments in
and out of dining halls and cafeteriasQMany books have been, and will
continue to be written on food in an attempt to answer the “what, where,
when, how, why, and with whom" of eating. Publishers advertise these
books implying that the keys to happiness and health can be found by
eating papaya roots for breakfast and pigs tails soup for dinner, etc.

This is the way myths enter our culture and food fads start. On 4 and SP
Beatrice Arzoumanian takes a look at some of these fads and gives us the
real score.

About the cover:
Diners at SUNYA in quest of the ultimate nutritional meal.

 

Report on Venereal Disease

Food Fads and Fallacies
Lands of Make-Believe
Southern Colleges Besegregate
Grade Inflation

From Pointer to Pointless

f

NOD the. THRILL W
SAWS, («0a< AT
1900 26

NOD THE 00951,
PRIZE! V00 66f

lthfiEt? T0 Aux
TH rm m

AT Wth 93be

I AM UT
V A QUESTfOU
THE FRES-

Vlrld Now-yum ﬂyruituiv. Hm

2-4 ass” at W— ~

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FEBRUARY 1 1, 1975

 

Still infecting millions
of Americans... ' " 

Report on
Venereal Disease

by Doug Horwitz

It is the belief of Dr. Janet Hood,
Director of SUNYA Health Services,
that a large proportion of the growing
number of venereal disease cases at
SUNYA and around America can be
attributed to the promiscuity prevalent
in today’s society. Dr. Hood was
explicit and firm in herconvictions that
the "basic philosophy of society is
probably the biggest factor."
Continuing, Hood said, "There is a
disturbing amount of promiscuity in
both males and females." She said
however, that the girls tended to be
more aggressive tfian previously.
Evidence in support of Dr. Hood's
claims of widespread promiscuity
have been documented in cases
where as many as fifty people have
been infected by a single VD carrier.

Hood explained that on the SUNYA
campus and probably every other
college campus throughout the nation,
peer pressuresare sogreat on anyone
individual that if he or she. didn't

 

What? Me Pregnant?

by CPS

A Stanford University professor has
completed a study of 642 women who
received abortions to find out why the
women became pregnant when they
didn't want a baby.

Dr. Warren Miller said that the most
common reason for pregnancy was
simply that most of the women
engaged in sex with no conti aceptives,
because they thought the odds of not
getting pregnant were in their favor.

54% of the women said they used no
contraception of any kind prior to their
pregnancy and an additional 19%
used only rliythmor withdrawal. 29%
said they were afraid to use any other
contraceptive methods for fear of side
effects.

One-fluid of the women said they

engage in some sort of sexual activity,
they would be looked upon as
abnormal. This peer pressure may be
exemplified by the general belief
among many college students that, in
Hood's words, "it has not been
fashionable to put in a good word for
virginity." Pressures such as these,
Hood exclaimed, had resulted in "sex
just about programmed into the school
day" for many of today's students. In
addition, she noted that the media in
recent times has also promoted
promiscuous sexual freedom through
the use of pornography in literature
and film. ' .

Dr. Hood cited "new freedoms" in
contemporary society as another
factor contributing to increased VD
rates. Because of a breakdown in
"parental authority" she said, children
at younger ages are left on their own.
The simple problem of a "failure of
parents to know where their children
are" has offered to the latestgeneration
freedoms never present in previous
times. She noted that sexual freedoms
on many college campuses are clearly
on the rise with the advent of coed
dormitories and 24 hour visitation
rights. To make matters even worse,
Hood claimed, the widespread use of
birth control pills has had an adverse
effect on the rate of VD. Because "the
pill" has become so popularized, males
who at one time were using condoms
no longer find them necessary. Due to
this most recent trend Hood said, the
protection from VD that condoms
offered both male and female no
longer exists. Thus the use of birth
control pills (which offer no protection
from VD) has been added to the list of
factors that are causing VD rates to
spiral upwards.

Marion L. Waxman, editor of 1973
YearBook noted, "Since the liberalized
abortion law was passed in 1970, more
than 350,000 abortions have been
performed (in New York state),
according to the state health services

u-u.irrni._u-n.-.._--n-.-..-u--_-

thought they became pregnant
because their contraceptive methods

had failed.

“ml-I-II-II--|II|-II---Il-Illlﬂ-J|_-_l_-.

Flagyl:
llandle with Care

 

by CPS

Several medical studies have
indicated that Flagyl, a drug
prescribed annually to about two
million women for a common vaginal
infection, can cause birth defects.

Flagyl, the brand name for
metroriidazole produced by Searly
and Co., is primarily prescribed for
trichomonas vaginitis, a common
vaginal infection, but has also been
prescribed for nonspecific vaginitis,
fungus infections and gonorrhea.

According to the head of genetic

 

 

FEBRUARY 1 1, 1975

iadmtni'stiatiori;"Dr.Hooddoubbdtho .’ H g ‘
" of nutrient in large

new abertionlaw would'havc any

noticeable effect on the degree of :
promiscuity, she, did I acknowledge;{:

however that it was a “last ditch way
out" ,_ior the girl who got in trouble.
- Hood's reasoning was that the girl wlr

found it necessary b hays an abortion ‘

to avoid embarrasment wouldn't
care if it were legal or not.
Hence, because, abortions were
available before (illegally). the
legalization wouldn't make much
difference. Because there are no clear
indicators revealing the total number
of abortion prior to the liberal abortion
law, one can only speculate whether
the law has or has not been an
influencing factor on the amount of
promiscuity. ‘

The problem of
unquestionably a difficult and
complicated matter to deal with. As
evidenced, the complexities are
numerous and only after a combined
effort among private citizens and
medical professionals will the problem
begin to subside. Although it may be
impossible to pin the blame for the
growing gonorrhea and syphilis rates
on any single factor it can safely be
said, asdid Chemiak and Feingold, co—
authors of VD Handbook that "The only

way that we will be able to eliminate.

‘venereal disease' from our midst is to
change those social conditions that
permit it to exist."

I Dr. Hood suggested that
contraceptives tie. condoms) be made
more readily available to anyone who
requests them. Hood made it clear that
this easy accessibility to
contraceptives shouldn't be viewed as
an encouragement to engage in
sexual relations. They are only to be
used for those people who have
decided they will be sexually active,
she said.

Ideally, the Health Director
expressed, it would be better if sexual
promiscuity were discouraged from
the start. She stressed however that it is
doubtful whether such a task could
ever be accomplished. According to
Hood, all the education in the world
won't prevent people from having
sexual relations and she added that
this isn't her intention anyway.

Dr. Hood's pessimism seems quite
understandable, for despite various
educationa|~ campaigns alerting the
public to the dangers of VD, the
inCidence of the disease continues to
rise. '

In view of the relative failure of an
educational campaign, Dr. Hood
suggested that the answer to slowing
down the VD outbreak be found in
improved medical research. This

_--.-----n-n-._ nu-u-u-u-I-JL-Jl

toxicology at Brown University, the
urine of people treated with Ffagyl
contained a substance indicating the
occurance of gene mutations, one
know ause of birth defects.

A related study conducted in
Bulgaria reported that small doses of
Flagyl caused increases in birth
defects. stillbirths and premature
births in guinea pigs and mice.

The revelations add to earlier reports
revealed last year that indicate Flagyl
can cause cancer. Health Research
Group, a Washington-based public
interest group, has been pressing the
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to
take action against the drug since last
March.

But even though the FDA has issued
a chart showing the Flagyl given to
seven different species of animals
induced malignant tumors, the agency
has taken no action against the drug.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

.......wﬂ¢ | i “3.. Wm,“  g A ‘ {A

agieatdealﬁt

smiakiand/Allan Feingold _

‘ rivat'o  and those
working in hospitals and public health
VD clinics treat all men arid-women
who have a sexually transmitted

‘~ diseaseas little more than criminals—

immoral, ‘promiscuous,’
untrustworthy, dirty." Before such
practices as these are halted, it is
doubtful that much leeway in
treatment pmcedums will be made
possible. '

Dr. Hood also stressed that a search
for better diagnostic tools and
hopefully vaccines be started

V T)— is itrimmediately in order that a search for

better treatment, be made more
available to the public. At the present
moment the tests that are used to detect
VD are adequate but not entirely
reliable. In many instances the tests
indicate that a patient has the venereal
germ but after further and more
complicated experiments, it is
discovered the test registered a false
positive.

There is currently a statebloodtest in
the making that supposedly has bright
prospects. This new test is being
designed in order that if can detect the
asymptomatic ("showing no evidence
of the disease")

This, it created, would be a major
breakthrough in combating the VD
outbreak. For according to Hood, a
significant number of venereal
diseases are passed on from people
who really don't know they have it.
Statistics from the New York State
Department of Health, show that 80 per
cent of the females who have
gonorrhea are unaware they are
carriers of the disease. it these people
can be contacted and informed about
their condition, maiordrops in the rate
of VD will surely result.

 

 

 

 

 

u: :,.‘,..4.s—au¢-r ‘WMm‘n-‘v “gwmcvww Wm,“

 

