letters

sprays are attacking the ozone layer of our
atmosphere. This layer protects us from the
sun‘s fatal ultra-violet rays.

Examples of these sprays are deodorants.



o s '7 -
air fresheners. insect repellents and glass  'c 'n’eres'? said “you‘ve never heard of ‘lt’s' ‘ o
cleaners. Scientists predict that with the To the Editor: Heterosexuall‘bay.“ Wlteirlpointed outtlilt ’
continued use of these aerosol sprays the Before voting on the NYPIRG referendum bla’cks and other mindrities have special 7
inctdence of skin cancer will reach l50,000 students should consider exactly what they're "Awareness" programs my friend all i A r
Cases per year in the next decade. and that voting for. The question is not whether one that in itself wasn‘t sufficient reason for gays
Within 25 years. wrthout the ozone shield, agrees with the PlRG philosophy: which ldo. I to do so. lhad to agree to that point. ' 1

parents. , . and the camp, and  Tommy to climb the mountain
his real father andmother sat on as thelrnovie opened. Tommy seemed to desire this. as he made
I , hll faith too expensive and demanding to swallow. His movement had gotten out ofhhand, and he
' y ' ” " i ‘  i V ' - ﬁndtheirownpat.
t on in that he substitute.» other - realizedthat no one can  shown the way. Everyone has to ‘ ~ g ' .
 for hi. gun", the found .1 of Tontmy‘s impact has not been dulled over the years. All that has changed is‘the focus. What
i was serious and inﬂuential in the Sixties. has become in the Seventies. and exciting spectacular

Baumon Runs...

_ unfortunate considering the army of
musicians that The Who'put together for the

film: Such names as: Eric Clapton. Ronnie'

Wood. Elton John. NickyHopkins. Mick
Ralphs. and Tony Newman. This is
compounded further by the mixing of the

the original Tomtny. Many times. these re-

. worked versions ‘are performed better than

their predecessors. “Eyesight to the Blind". for
example. Eric Ctapton‘s guitar leads are a
definite boost for 'the song. and are
reminiscentto those he had done in his days

‘with Cream.

When it came to writing “Cousin Kevin"

To the Editor:

Last Friday I put my name into nomination
for Student Association President. What
prompted this action was a desire to change

SA into a morestudent orientedorganization.

Many times l‘ve seen the organization get

plants, animals and people will be in critical
danger.

What can you do? Switch from spray
deodorants to roll-ons. use a solid air
freshencr. use cream or lotion insect repellents
and pump-bottle glass cleaners. 'l he change
from aerosols to saferproducts to preserve our
environment foroursand future generations is

Actually the question is whether a person
should be forced to contribute to a particular
organization before he is allowed to attend
this University.

If this referendum is passed the amount of
the mandatory student tax will be increased.
with the extra money going to PIRG. This isa
violation of my right not to donate to a cause if

However. the important thing here is. that.
in reality. it is ‘lt‘s Great to be Heterosexual!”
(and white. and middle-class. etc.) Day 365
days of the year in our culture. We are
bombarded constantly with society‘s dogma
that one's sexuality must be acted out within,
very narrow limits. Otherwise it is deviate.
abnormal. sick. perverse. and; or sin.

tangled up with personal politics and forget “small Price 10 Pay. I don‘t want to: a right I would have hoped "Awarcness“days and programs. then. are

album.Sincethestorylineistotallydependent and-“Fiddle About". Townshend handed the ‘ - , ‘ i , L J] 
» a .- the misinat reason we were elected; 10 mcey Please urge your congressmen to plead for that Ralph Nader would support. I urge not only important for educating the general

‘ on the lyrics. the vocals have been pushed way writing job over to John Smash- Your-Hedd-

 

 

 

out in front of the instruments.

0n .the original. Townshend and Daltrey
took care of all the vocals—not very realistic.
but successful. The London Symphony
version was intelligently cast in that all of the
vocalists are (orlclaim to be) professional
singers. Ken Russell‘s decision. though. to
employ actors in some of the principle roles
dealt a severe blow to the quality of Tt)"llll_l'
musically. ()livcr Reed sings the part of Frank
Hobbs. the lover. and it‘s a mistake right from
the beginning. Reed has absolutely no control
over his voice, and at times it‘s painfully
embarrassing to listen to hirri. Ann-Margaret
gives a surprisingly competent performance as
Nora Walker. 'l'onimy‘s mother. She has n
night-club singer‘s voice. without the extended
range or control that rock dcrrntnds. bttt shc
docs nrnnngc to get through hcr numbers with
:t minimum amount of difficulty. As the
specialist. .lack‘Nlcholson has possibly the
best song on the album. but he gives a low-key
performance. limiting the effectiveness of the
song.

The rest ol thc cast is excellent. Rogcr
l)nltry us lommy. 'l'iuu 'l'urncf'ns the acid-
qnccn. liric Clapton its the preacher. Keith
Moon its llnclc lirnii‘. l’ttttl Nicholusiis cousin

Kevin. lilton .lohn as the pinball champ. l’ctc ’

Against-rhe-Wiill Entwistle because “I just ~ V s ..j 3.] a]

couldn't be cruel enough“. Both songs are well
performed on the soundtrack as they are on
the previous two Tammys. but Keith Moon‘s
interpretation of Uncle Ernie in “Fiddle
About“ is one of the highlihgts of the album.
Employing the same raspy. “dirty-old-man"
voice he used as the bellboy in Qil‘ldl‘tlpht'llfll.
he provides some comic relief in an otherwise
serious('.’) album.

“Pinball Wimrd" is an interesting cut. not
because of it‘s hit potential but also as an
indication of Elton John‘s cgotism--~lic used
his own band and producer. It also contains.
near the end. it l'cw chords recognizable as the
opening from one of"l'hc Who‘s older hits. "I
Can‘t Explain" (and if yoti listen very
carefully. during one of the earlier musical
passages ofthe song. the vocals are repeated in
the background).

"limmiy in [975 istin tilhtun crctttcd with the
full aid and app rovnl of l’ctc'l'ownshcnd and
The Who. btit this is not the sonic Who that
recorded 'I‘Ullllll'l' in 1907. it is a Who witlt
lk’lm'x Nov! and Qiltlt/l'll/l/IL’Ilftl behind them.
Their musicianship has matured. their
technical expertise has grown tremendously
if nothing else. the new 'I‘imI/tir' indicated ti
refinement of their art.

 

0%

 

mfg. list

Discount coupons may not be used i

r1309? (3 élﬂfﬂfﬁ

84 control ova.

$l .99
$2.99

$5.98 $4.39

$6.98 $5.19
$7.98 $5.79
$8.98 $6.57
$9.98 $7.34
$1 1.98 $9.94

our reg. price

' we drew a blank and iust couldn't come up
with any witty sayings or catchy lines,

50 WE'RE GIVING YOU

Sat. 4/26/75

$1.79
$2.69
$3.95
$4.67
$5.21
$5.91
$6.61
$8.95

n eoniunction with this offer. All regular imports excluded.

0%
off

 

 

 

 

the students will. In my tenure on Central
Council (where l have only ‘/2 of an excused
absence) and as SASU Coordinator I feel I
have accomplished ends that truly help the
students.

I introduced in Council. and pushed
through FSA the proposal to build a real
Rathskellcr in the Campus (‘cntcr. That
Rathskellcr will be on campus when we rcttirn
next year. I have recently been in charge of a
letter writing campaign to stop the bridch cuts
here. In speaking my mind on important issues
in Central Council. I have continually
supported quad boards, l’lRG. AMlA.
intercollegiate sports and many other areas
that provide positive and tangible things for
the students.

I think my qualifications for the job are
quite solid. lam the only candidate to serve on
all three branchcsoftbc Student Association.
not to mention my two years on the Senate.
my involvement with SASU and ii lL'l‘l'll on last
years very successful btidgct ctrmmillcc.

I View the job of' Student Association
President as a full time position with twenty-
four hours a day responsibility. In my past
years with SA I believe I‘ve shown the dcsirc
and ability to take on that responsihlity. and
therefore I respectfully ask your support.

Andy lintimun

...And so
Does Meckler

To the Editor:

I would like to announce my candidacy for
Vice-President of Student Association.

The Student (ichruarnent at Albany has
often been described our large waste ol'tiinc
too much rhetoric and socializing. and not
enough real accomplishments. But cff'cctivc
government is possible. It incuns researching
issues without forming meaningless
committees; it means keeping in touch with
the student. daily; moreover. it means not
always taking no for an answer.

This year I‘ve worked towards these goals its
a Central Council member. l would like the
chance to work for you next year in the
capacity as Vice—President of S'lUl.)liN'l
Association.

Rick Mccklcr

The Danger Of
Spray Cons

To the Editor:

It has been confirmed by Iottr pi-omincnt
researchers (I‘. Sherwood Rowland.
Chemistry Professor. University of
California; Ralph (.‘iccr'oni. Physicist.
University of Michigan; Michacl Mclilroy.
Atmospheric Physicist. llurvnrd; mid
National Center for Atmospheric chscurch)
thtit gases resulting from the tisc of aerosol

the immediate ban of these deadly sprays!
Mary Kompf
Lori Robertson

cvcryoncto voteagainstthcl’lRGrefercndum. public. They can be very important for the
Daniel Sachs oppressed individuals themselves. in that such

days may help such people develop pride-in

what they are. rather than feel shame for what

' merging . AEROSOL E EA . .. “‘ch ""‘ "°"

mi... ' j?
L4H“... ..ﬂﬁ
«*Lk  y . V,
We.ch .
.',.- I 'I‘ ’ ’ I“
yin-1,, , ﬁrvarCI/IL" "’11 ‘s_ /b

- ...y‘lruq} _
bacilli M left»
i ranted Slu-
lx'sir‘.‘ r‘rl‘zi
i‘stt‘r‘ 'tiarw.
W“

Alphabetical Disorder

To the litlitor:

Registration time is here again and it
problem with the registration process has
bccolticttpptlt‘cnl. I‘m referring to the socttllcd
nlphn scqucncc. lilic illplltl sequence is whttt
determines the order in which students
rcgistcr. randomly sclccting nnmc groups and
assigning order of registration by the order
picked. llut is this process fair? No. it isn‘t.
because many students find time and tirnc
again that the letter block that contains tltcir
iinincrepentedlycomcsupatthchottomol'tltc
list. and they consequently get stuck
registering lust and \y irrding up with bottom of
the barrel courses.

Rundome chosen in this case cannot be
counted with fair. A simple solution to this
chaotic system is to cxtttblish ti rotational
order. so that n group that goes first initially
works its way tip to the top of'thc list (and the
right to rcgixlct' first) as the SL‘IllCSlCl‘S
progress. Ihis wuy xtttdcnls will have the
opportunity to rcgistcr first at least once. and
it will prcicnt tltc situation which nowcxists.
it] which some students are rcpcutcdly getting
the short cud of thc stick. lt is a mtich fairer
system.

Stewart l):i\id Lyman

The Only Way
To Travel

To the litlitor:

After reading the nrtrclc in lost l‘ridny‘s
slSI’f—l |Sl."l-loridn Irip Marked by Scwriil
l)isnppoiutrricnts." l was prompch to take the
time out to commcitd the leaders of u
competing «in-campus travel group I nor
rcl’crring to the Albany State 'l‘rnvcl Club. the
orgnni/ution that run the trip to l)uytonu.

lucnt on the l)uy‘ton:i trip and htcrtilly hard
the tune of my life. liindcrstnnd scycrnl other
students hurl sotttc minor problems. bttt all in
all there were no big complaints from anyone.
All lotii buses pickcd us up in New York on
time. in fact thcy \\'t.'l'L‘ curly. Wc :ii'ri\cd the
next day curly in |)irytonn so that we might
llil\L' a lull dzry on thc bcuclr. lhc liotcl
ncconnnoduttonsucrc hard to bclimc. It was a
brand new ltolcl with wall to \\‘illl carpeting
and color tclcvisionx lll every room. As
promised ll was located right on the occult.
lhc return bus trip was chn more fun than thc
ride down. and to top it off we made it home in

only twenty—one hours. ’
(iimi Vullc

{give-- M \ l urge members of the community—gay.
 ‘1'. - I. . .' straight. or mdrllcrent—rto pitrttctptttc In the

activities of “It‘s Great to he (lay! Buy. These

activities will be publlClICLl in the ASI’und on
campus posters.

Leroy Chadwick

School of Library and Information Science

Awareness Day _—-——-
To the Editor:

The 9th of May is to be a day of guy
"awareness" and pride here at SUNYA. That
a“), the (my Alliance is spnmoring.n.§ (“can [)HA‘ (it'll/or 326. lltlt/l't‘AM‘tl In Iz't/iml‘irll
to bc (itryl' Day. which will consist of several My" E‘ﬁ’ur'

activities to which the entire university ‘1

TIH' Albany Student Press l't‘.\‘t'l'l‘l‘.\' I/lt'
ring Io prim or W”! lolly/1r Io I/It't't/fltll‘.
Stilt/nil ll'llt'l'A 'I'l'l‘Ell 'It’l'l"l‘l:'.\" Io ('um-

 

 

Spartan Values

 

 

by (iary AKIN-m"-

 

l’rcsidcnt Ford rcccntly called for :r rcvcrstrl of what he secs us our long-term mmcrncnt
towards Big (iovcrnmcntﬁnd expressed his desire fora rctuni to more "basic American \ irtucs."
Ford cited government interference with. illltl regulation of. business and industry as being
“counterproductive and remote I'I‘omthc Iiccdsnud iirtcrcstxofbusinesses and constimcrsnlikc."
Regulation of business and industry was also cited as costing thc consumer ti lot of money.

lwus curious as to how the President intendstdinstitutchix return to thc \‘irt ucs ol’tlic glorious
past. so lcontnctcd a certain Washington journalist I know of. This fellow is priyy' to top-Icycl
information on decision making. attd I knew he'd tcllmcabout whut’scookingon Capitol Hill.

"Shifty." l inquired. "what old-tinic values would the l’rcsidcnt like us to adopt?“

“Gary. my boy.“ he bellowed out iii his usual biillhorri voicc. 'thc higher echelons of
government and industry have put their heads togcthcr and have comcup with u comprchcnshc
program that will return us illl to the Spartan Values ofour f'iircf'rttlicr's.;iird SilVL‘ our cconomy‘ at
the some time.“

"How do they plan to begin?“

“First off. the Brass want to enforce ll mandatory sixty hour work week for every able-bodied
American tiboyc thc age of five ycttrs."

"That sounds progressive."

“Next. plans are in the making that will reduce by twenty percent the wages ofcvcryonc who
isn‘t either it corporation executive. or ti legislator in the government."

"()h‘!"

“l-urthcrmorc. extensive research has been conducted. and hits uncovered it morc efficient and
economical method of orgnni/ing production."

"What‘s it ciillcd'l“

“lhc chttt Shop System."

“I see. But tcll inc. Shifty. What is the government rcttlly nl'tcr'f"

"We need a rcvituli/ntion of the values that mode this nation what it IS. (iary‘. VillllCS like the
unequal distribution of wealth. and thc concentration of power o\cr the lives of millions of
people to the hands of a few lllCll. Values like bcttting tip on tiriion organi/crs. and destroying
small—time compclition. Values likc pitrc monopoly. Vulucslikc cluninntirig rcnl csttttc in a small
Asian country. Do you see what I mean?"

“i think I do. You want a return to the work ethic. right?"

“I lriit‘s it!"

“Sounds \cry innoytttivc."

"You haven‘t heard the higonc though. kiddo. l'hc l’rcsidcnt wantsto l'L'lllSllllllL' sluvcry
that a l't:\tllllllt)llill')' idea?"

“It does sound revolting. ycs.“

"lhc people have got to believe in something. you know"

"llns the President considered the possible consequences of tltcsc new progranrs‘?‘

“llc's too busy golfing. Rocky told him everything would work otit fine. though."

"Why does thc l’rcsidcnl claim that regulation of business and industry is too costly to the
consttnrcr‘.’ Regulation is supposed to protect the consumer. isn't it?"

"How can you be so nniyc'.’ it's like this. \\'hcnc\cr big business is forced to be honest. its
profits are cut. In orch to maintain an acceptable return on US inycslmcnt. big business must
raise consuincrpriccs its a conscqttcnce. Business is entitled to its profits. you know. ll'supplyipg
America isn‘t considered worth its time. big business will probably tiirir to supplying Russia or
China. You wouldn‘t want that to happen would you‘.’ You are a patriot, right?“

“lint people object to the fact that government. business. and industry ncvcrsccm to shoulder
any of the brunt of an economic slump. What do the Brass intend to do about that?"

"That‘s just the point. If the people ill’c kept busy continuously. with buckbrcnking.
monotonous work. they won‘t have the time to worry themselves with suchpcttygrievunces.“

"And if these new programs are violently objected to?"

"We can always call in the Marines.“

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS APRIL 25. 1975 Apart. 25, 1975 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . PAGE NINE

 

