Along with wering temperatures

'and terminating all .decorgtive

L - lighting except for special occasions,

pus. The report, alsosubtnitted to
John. Buckhoff, then director of
’SUNYA' Physical Plant. insisted
thatrthe new levels would be well
within those needed for health, safe-
ty and convenience.

The report spurred a few question-
.answer memorandums concerning
its findings, between Buckhoff and

Marsh. A I'tneltnemo from Buckhoff ‘

dated Feb. 7 of I974 stated that he
was fowarding the report and. his
responses to his'assistant Ira DeVoe
and Chief of Utilities Branch Wayne
Allen. They would then review it and
respond directly to Marsh. Marsh
has not been contacted on the matter
since. , ' ‘
Presently. electrical crews are out
making the necessary changes to
lower light levels. according to Den-
nis Stevens.. assistant director of
Physical Plant. The plant isactingat

Buckhoffhas also set new footcandle

‘ (fc) maximums for'the variousj

lighted areas. A footcandle. the unit
of measure for illumination. is equal
to the light given off by an ordinary
wax candle at a circumference of one
foot. V ’

Marsh‘s EDC report recommend-
ed “IS to 20 fc for ordinary visual
tasks such as continuous reading.
Less (I0fc) is sufficient for normal
classroom activity. More is needed
for a few tasks suchlas drafting,
which require finer discrimination."
Marsh says that higher levels not
only waste energy but may also in-
duce fatigue.

Buckhoff's fc maximums. now be-
ing put ‘ into effect. are 70fc for
laboratories; 50fc for offices.
classrooms. lecture halls and
kitchens; 30fc for dining halls; 20fc
for corridors. lobbies. stairwells and
public areas; and l5fc for storage
spaces. service corridors and docks.

Y
,_ . eud'th . ‘Vtgltexper’tscs

involved in lowering the lev Is (not
only bulbs but ballasts and starter
systems a must be changed) the
measure would not result ip financial ‘
savings. although the energy savings
t'vould beconsidereble. '

Marsh still thinks the high levels
are responsible for a tremendous
waste of campus energy and has rein-
troduced the matter to the BBC for
further action. ' '

#
Dog-Hair; Apparel
(ZNS) Dogs have become useful

pets thesedays. and notjust for guar-
ding the home. 

The Christian Science Monitor-

reports that San Franciscans are
making sweaters. skirts. scarves.
gloves and bats. all from the hair
shed by their favorite pooch.
Knitters and spinners say the dog
hairs make very warm sweaters. and
that it can easily be obtained by com-

- bing your dog or even your living

room carpet.

Fido's hair is simply spun by hand
or maching. just like sheep‘s wool.
until it is ready to be knitted into a
favorite mufﬂer or sock.-

One dogshair connoisseur reports
that Samoyeds. an ‘arctic dogdtheds
the best type of dog hair.

‘ 1. CP DIKILL .

Comp Dippikill, owned and operated by Student Association, is o 840 acre

wilderness comp. Four buildings or
anytime. The comp, open all year.

offering excellent dehill and cross country skiing.

On the comp itself are 6 miles of trails
iust opened 5 miles from Dippi

trails for all classes of skiers.‘

e provided for student lodging for any weekend or
is located iust l0 miles from Gen Min. Ski Center _-

for cross country skiing and snowshosing. Also
kill is the Warren County Cross Country Ski Center with

Further information and reservations for the comp can ‘be obtained in Campus "
Center Room 137 or call 457-7600.

funded b stude

 

.Os'iesstatio Aett A
, 1 Positions Available
i Summer Orientation 1975

Position Title:

Qualifications:
Time Communism:

Requirements:

Where to apply:

gppttcattoe Deadline:

Orientaiion Assistant.
I975 Summer Orientation Program

Undergraduates only
JuneZ-August 4. I975

Attendance at ONE of two interest
meetings is mandatory- either Thurs.

Jun. 10. 6:30 pm in the CC Assembly Ilull

OR Them. Feb. 4. 6:30 pm.
CC Assembly Hall.

Office of Student Life. Campus Center I30

betwuen Jun. 20-Feb. 6. I975.

Return Applications to CC l30'by 4:30
on T hurs.. Feb. 0. I975. .

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

sror av CAMPUS CENTER 1341

S‘AIA ,o WfAP) _ _
Government jetsbom'bing rebel targets near Asmara leveled two villages
and strafed guerrillas ﬂeeing for caver. reliable sources in the Eritrean capital
reported Monday. . g' ' - y ' '
There also were charges by some insurgents that troops summarily

executed more than_.a dozen guerrillas. but this could not be conﬁrmed.

‘The government acknowledged Monday night for the first time that there
had been sharp fighting in Asmara. The official news agency said rebels
'machine-gunned and bombed“ the city but “peace is now being restored.”

U.S. sources in the embattled provincial”capital said it was relativer calm
during the day with government troops in control but heavy ﬁre. including
artillery. broke out just before midnight.

WASHINGTON (AP)

Allegheny Airlines has announced that it is cutting back the number or
daily ﬂight departures from several upstate New York cities because of n
decl'ne in passenger trafﬁc. ' I

Allegheny spokesman‘David Shipley said Monday thecutbncks were
being made in 'nonproductive" ﬂights which carry a minimal number of
passengers.

The reductions take effect Feb. 23 and are part of a 9 per cent cutback in
the available seat-miles throughout the Allegheny system. Shipley said.

The cutbacks in daily ﬂight departures are as follow: Buffalo. 68 to 62;
Rochester. 40 to 32: Albany. 34 to SI; Syracuse. 30 to 24; Elmira. If) to II;
Ithaca. II to 9; Binghamton, to to 9; and Utica. 8 to 6.

' Shipley said the number of Allegheny passengers nationwide last
November was down 17 per cent from November I973.

GRASS VALLEY. Calif. (AP)

Herbert Gibboney placed a neWSpupcr ad last week off cringto sell one of If
his eyes-for $35,000 so his wife cpuld have an operation.

The offer is now cancelled. Pioneer Community Hospital in I’lucervillc
and two doctors offered their services free after reading news accounts of
Gibboncy‘s plight this weekend. l

Gibboney. 58. siad he placed the ad because “It isn‘t pleasant to watch your
wife suffer and realize you can‘t do a thing about it."

His 54-year—old wife. Jean. was admitted to the hospital Saturday.
Administrator Gary Jones said tests. were being mad to determine exactly
what needs to hedone for her jaw. eaten away by tumors.

GRESHAM. Wis. (AP)

Indian demonstrators refused Monday to leave the onetime religious
estate they occupied Jan. l.dcmanding amnesty fromauthoriticsthreatening
to arrest them.

Robert R. Bryan. an attorney representing the demonstrators, said
Shawano County authorities have not assured him the Indians will be
protected from angry whites when they leave the mansion. As a result. he
said. the Indians won't leave without a promise of amnesty.

Negotiators announced Sunday an agreement with the Menominee
Warrior Society to end the 34-day armed siege in return for a promise to
convert the former abbey for use as a medical center or school for Indians.

NIAGARA FALLS. N.Y. (AP)

The Niagara University student government. angry over rejection of its
proposal for co-ed visitation rights at dormitories. demanded the resignation
of the University President Monday.

But the Rev. Kenneth F. Slattery. president of the Roman Catholic
institution. siad. “I have no intention of resigning from my post."

A resolution. approved by the student government at a Sunday night
meeting. charged that Father Sluttcry mude misrepresentations and supplied
distorted materials to the university trustees before they decided Dec. I8 tm
turn down the co—ed visitation proposal.

The resolution also said that Father Slattcry'hus ref used to meet with the
student body to explain why the proposal was rejected orto discuss a recently
announced increase in tuition and room and board rules.

President William Russell of the student government said at a news
conference Monday that the resolution demanding Father Sluttcrny‘s
resignation was approved by 22 members of ths student government. He
added that two others ttbslttincd from voting. and there were no negative
votes.

Father Sluttery stated “The board of trustees gave serious and lengthy
consideration to the request ofthc students for inter-dormitory visitation and
unanimously resolved to adhere to its policy of disallowing co-cd visits."

“As president of Niuguru U niversity." he said. “I will continue to uphold
the board‘s decision."

The university has on enrollment of 3.759. About I.500 are women.

NEW YORK (AP)

State Supreme Court Justice Irwin Brownstcin rulcd Monday thuntt at
state law exempting women from jury duty on demand violates the
constitution right of criminal dcfcndunts to a fair trial.

llrooklyn Dist. Atty. liugcnc (iold and attorneys forr thee Legul Aide
Society said they would hike the test cure to the Appclhttc Division
immediately.

It' the Appellate Division upholds Judge llrownstcin. its expected. they
said. new legislation will become urgently necessary.

Administrative Judge Vincent Dnmiuml said criminal cases now on the
docket would go forward but no sentences would be imposed until after the
Appellate Court rules or the State chlsluturc passes it new law.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS '

FEBRUARY 4, 1975

u. tad-‘95....” "a 2....

. .: ,,-....s:1mm.el

 

by Richard Nordwlnd

It just figures thosc.ttppity

foreigners would get around to this.

Since its inception. the Peirce Cor-
ps had been a Wholesome refuge for
solid libcralurts students Iikcmeand
you. with a few years on our hands;
trained. through long years, to be
worthless to society. We could tell
you the name of the nephew of the
third Emperor of Rome after
Augustus. or ﬁnd the statistical

. signiﬁcance of whistling in the dark, '

but we could not fix a cor. check the
plumbing. change a wire, or (heaven
help us) grow our own food. Surc
those natives were it little hungry.
but we liberal arts majors gave them
something better than food:
idculism.

Now they don‘t want us anymore.
The Peace Corps only wants people
with skills. Third world notions that
request Peace Corps volunteers to-
day mnkc one point clear: Give us
people who can do some/hing.
preferably those with technical
.t'k ills". Spare us" your liberal arts ma-
jorr. They have their ncrvc.

At the Hotel Wellington in down-
town Albany. the Peace Corps is
conducting interviews this week for
prospective members. Directing the

drive is Chuck Murray. regional
directors for Peace Corp volunteers.
Murray in sparse, likable man. who
worked for tit/o years in Chile as an
electrician. On this day, Murray is
bombarded with hundreds of foolish
inquiries; asked one would-be
volunteer. “You don’t have to work
in the hot weather. do you?"; all of
which he answers in a calm New
England twang.

Chuck Murray gave me a brief
summary of the Peace Corps today:
cuch volunteer serves two years. free
to leave at any time. The government
supplies all living expenses. pluszt lit-
tle extra. Currently there are 7000
Peace Corps members. down byhalf
from the peak years of the mid 60's.
Thcn Murray asked about me.

“Whnt do you do?" he wanted to
know. I told him I was u student at
SUNYA. “Do you have any skills?“

"Skills." |soid.us ifit \vcrcadirty
word. “you mean can ldo anything?
Ol‘coursc not. lhchn collcgc educa-
tion instead.“

The Peace Corps. Murray ex-
plained. was looking mainly forpco-
plc with technical skills. like carpen-
try. mechanics. agriculture. but that
I could till out an application
anyway. “It only takes a half hour.“

.‘r
ﬂ/Ti‘ﬁ

 

 

(INS) l-likcrs in the Northern Ap-
pulnchiun Mountains in l'cnn~
sylvnnin hurt: rcportcd sighting n 40
loot-long giant snnkc.

l'hc slilhcring monster. which
might soon rivnl llig Foot in
Amcricnn lorc. hus reportedly been
sccn h) morc than n do/cn hiking
pm'lics sincc it was first sightcd in

|‘)|9.

Legend has it thul lhc giunl snukc.
which witnesses llil\’t.' sccn on llrond
lop Mounlnin. is n llull l’ython
lront lndin lhul cscupcdduringn cir»
cus lrnin dcrnilmcnt curly this cell-
llll’)‘. Although lhc snukc is gignnlic.
it is bclicvcd to hc cxll‘cntcly shy ol
humans.

 

AT LAST

Class of ’75 T-Shirts are
HERE !

 

‘0

~
5
O

 

.ﬂ

9;
":1
in

 

 

CC Lobby

Prices:

 

Monday, Feb. 3-Friday, Feb. 7

Dues-paying members...$2.50
All others...$3.10

Get them while they last!

10 am—2 pm

 

he said. "You never know." 
Around a' long table sat men and
women. filling out applications.
Most of them were older workers.
tradesmen. or farmers. many un-
employed because of the economic
crunch. A TV neWsman asked one of

these older applicants why he was '

applying. “What the hell. lcan'tgeta
job around here as a plumber, so I
might us well try something that
could be exciting.“

Murray had said the application
would take a half hour. Mine took
five minutes. One word kept appear-
ing on my form—"none".
“Mechanical skills“~—none;
“Agricultural cxpcricncc"—«none.
“Work in other trades“——nonc.
“Skills the Peace Corp might find
useful" ~nonc. It was probably the
most consistent upplicntion in the
history of the Peace Corp.

Ending the application was the
knockout question. “Why do you
want to join the Peace Corp?"
Truthl‘nlly I had to say because it
sounded adventurous. and ex-
hilnrnting. and a great learning cx-
pcricncc. I pity the poor country that
might end up with me; they would
expect a person who could teach
something of value. and they would
get on amateur Marco Polo with n
B.A. in English. No wonder the
whole world is anti-American.

Antl-Amcricnnism by thcwuy. isu
problem that plagues the Peace Cor-
ps today. Rightfully so. admits
Chuck Murray.

“Americans have taken everything
out of developing nations. When I
worked in Chile. Jesus. we were
milking that country dry. Taking
90% of ull their resources out. until
nutionnlizution come about under
Allende."

But the I’cncc Corps. Murray
argues. connlcrhulnnccs that im—
pcriulistic process. “The l’cucc Cor-
ps i. .tpoliticnl. lotully. Even in this
whole (‘IA business. no mention hus
hccn mudc ol’ l’cncc Corps involve-
mcnt with the CIA. And I‘m crossing
my lingch thut nonc comcs out.
hccuusc it would ruin us. Anyone
who hns c\cr workcd for tiny in-
Iclltgcncc operation is not nllowcd in
thc I’cncc Corps. We keep this shop
clcun."

Years of scll—sucl’il'icc for thc good
ol mun. in thc Kcnncdy tradition. are
long gonc tho'ngh. \tht mnkc.»
(‘hutzk Mnrrny still bclicvc in thc
l’cncc ('otps tdcul'.’

M ohowk (‘nrnpus reports ice-
skuling conditions
EXCELLENT
ml/ 45 7—76(I(I_Iur Irmu/ lII/u.

on tabs.

8 to EE widths Sizes 6 to l4

 

.V I‘m
.' 46/

An Indian chlld eats lunch served by students et Home Economic
Training Center; the Peace Corps Is looklng for people who have the
skills needed to grow food for her dish.

“When Iworked in Chile. [proved
something to the people. That
Amcrica is not Richard Nixon.
Which it is not.“ Smiling. he added.
“Or Gcmld Ford either.“

All very admirable. Yet applying
for the Peace Corps was a dis—
illusioning process for me. Through
18 years in the education system the
following laws had been engraved in
my hood: if you had in skill. you got a
real job; if you had no skill. but you
liked to hear yourself talk. you went

into teaching; if you couldn‘t do
either. you went into government.
Now the Peace Corps. the French
foreign for American incornpctcnts.
doesn't want us.ch._thc cream of
Western civilization.

To hell with.thcm. But when
millions of angry Asians and
Africans are on the rampage.
demanding to know about mcdievnl
inﬂuences on chcssnincc poetry.
don‘t come running to Inc. I won‘t
even listen.

 

 

Course Concentration Found

t'llllllllllt'tf [rum pogo um'
rcport has also been sent to Universi-
tyCollcgc Freshman advisers. where
it is hopcd that there will be im—
provctl undergrnduutc udviscntcnl
in the distribution of course work.
Rcfcrring to thc cnuscs for tltc
conccmrntion in one area. Dcnn
Morri stuth than “nlthough there is
no basis in the report [or conclusions
us to why. one could lny down at
number of hypotheses that would
hnrc to hctcstud out." I'lcspccululcd
thnt "some students do not undch—
tnnd lhc importance ol' the inter-
rclntionship of sets of knowledgc.
and the muluul influcncc or countcr—
inllucncc lrom one discipline to
nnothcr. Somc students mny nlsu bc
unwilling to cxplorc
knowledge that they how not cured

OUNG SHOES

nrcus of

MERCHANTS T0 GENERATIONS 0f 800T surrs

HERE'S FRYE'S FAMOUS AUTHENTIC BRIGADE BOOT -
the authentic boot worn by hardrriding officers of Civil
War days. Designed when boots were meant to take
years ol wear, these are still made of natural cowhide by
the very same company that made them lOO years ago.
Water repellent with reinforced kid seams. Solid brass

and leather spur-bridal, calfskin lining and hidden pull-

We Have in Stock the
LARGEST COLLECTION OF FRYE
BOOTS AVAILABLE fOR MEN AND
WOMEN

IN THE COUNTRY...

We offer our boots In a vorlety of
sizes and handstolneci feathers not

to be found anywhere!

for or been exposed to.“ In addition.
"some students muy be of thc opi-
nion thnl by concentrating in one or
two disciplines they may be better
prepared for advanced study.“

Dcnn Morris ulso spcculnlcd on
lhc possible hcsitnncc of fnculty nnd
ndministrntors to implement specific
I‘cquit'cmcnls: “(inch the
uccclcrutcd rule of socinl. technical
and scientific change. and given
somc of the social conditions that
how cxislcd in thc lust dccudc. in-
tcllcctuully nnd mornlly. lncultics
hnvc been less thnn sure in specifying
conlcnt which lhcy believe a person
in the Undcrgruduntc Icycls nccds to
know in prcpurution for life in the
lntlcr pnrt ol the 2()t|t nnd curly 2|st
century.“

 

I59 CENTRAL AVENUE .
Mid-IOU

WE ARE OPEN EVERY EVENING TILL 9 PM

 

FEBRUARY 4, 1975

u. u-uuu.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' ‘ '  ISF YOUR BANKAMERICARD OR MASTERCHARGE $1: -

 

 

 

 

