 

 

.1)

roam .. «an... .c.~v.muwmwmwm_ . ‘

i

W‘ l. _ -
290st Monday.’April 28. on the sub: ,
ject owp and ruined by college ‘

student's: “ETS: How the system

_ controls your life”. The Educational

Testing Serviceyct'mducts tests which

are often a determining factor in

whethera student goesto college and
most professional schools. and it" he
does enter. whcih one he attends. In
most asses. students are not even
considered for admission'unless they

I. ,
;forth of a 3-6 hour test suclias the

, ‘SAT and the LSAT. According to _-
Ross “While ETS controlsthe future ~I

of students'aeademic careers. there
are many aspects of ET_S that go
completely uncontrolled.” On Mon-
day night Ross will explain the
ETS's control over students’ lives
and will discuss an upcoming NYP-
IRG project desigrted to insure
greater ETS responsiveness.
Peace Corps Worker
Donald Ross. a graduate of NYU

" worked for Citizen's Action Group. - i‘
a citizen organisation started by

Ralph Nader and published two
books: A Public Citizat's Action
Manual and Action for a Change
(coauthroed by Ralph Nader). Ross
was the original organizerof PIRG’s
and formed many state I’IRG‘s

around the country before becoming

the director of NYPRIG

'Monday nights speech will be
cosponsored by Speaker's Forum
and NYPIRG.

College Enrollment Continues to Decline

The percentage .of New York State high school
graduates going on to some form of post-secondary
education. including both degree-granting and non-
degree-granting institutions, has declined for the third
consecutive year. according to statistics released today
by the State Education Department. The post-secondary
going rate for fall I974 was 66.6 percent compared to
68.I percent in the fall of I973. 69.2 percent in the fallof
I972. and the peak of 70.7 percent in both the fall of l97l

and I970.

New York Still Higher

The ﬁgures are contained in a Department publication
entitled. “Distribution of High School Graduates and
College-Going Rate, New York State. Fall I974.“
Despite the decline. New York State still has a higher
percentage of students going on to post-secondary
education than the National average. Figures obtained
from the U.S.0ffice of Education show that nationwide.
60.7 percent of all high school graduates enrolled in a
college or university in the fall of I974. The National

ﬁgure is up from 57.9 percent the previous year.

The percentage of high school graduates in New York _
attertding degree-granting institutions declined from
63.4 percent in the fall of I973 to 62.3 percent in the fall
of I974. In the fall of I97I. 65.6 percent of the graduates
enrolled in two and four-year colleges.

Most of this decline occurred in the rate of attendance
atout-of—state institutions. The college-going rate at New
York State colleges and universities was 5L7 percent in

the fall of I973 and SH percent in the fall of I974.

whereas the rate at out-ofstate institutions declined from
“.7 percent to l0.9 percent during the same period. In
addition. in each of the last ﬁve years. the in-state
college-going rate has stayed between SI and 52 percent.
The proportion of New York high school graduates
going to four-year colleges within New York actually in-
' creased slightly between fall I973and fall I974 from 28.5
percent to 28.9 percent. while the proportion continuing
at two-year colleges within the State declined from 23.2
percent to 22.5 percent.

fillLEifiJflli? SWINE Bﬂfﬂﬁﬁﬂfﬂ

Friday, April 25

You'll traverses it on“!

7:30 and 9:30
LC—18

 

Saturday, April 26

{.

 

PAGE TWO

8

CASABLANCA
and PLAY IT AGAIN SAM

, “It‘s still the same
‘ old story. a fight

$.50 with

tax card

$1.25

without

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MOSCOW. Sovid Ulis- (AP) Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromka
said Wednesday the Soviet Union would agree to a Middle East peace
settlement providing Israel with the “strictest” guarantees of its right to
independent existence.

Gromyko made the pledge at a Kremlin dinner he hosted for Syrian
Foreign Minister Abdel Haiim Khaddam, who'arrived for talks on the
Middle East situation earlier in the day. /

“Israel may get. if it wishes so. the stridest guarantees. with the
participation—under an appropriate agreement—of the Soviet Union _ , 
Gromylto said. “These guarantees would ensure peaceful conditions for the
existence and development of all states of the Middle East."

The Soviet foreign minister said such an agreement also must,provide for
Israeli withdrawal from all occupied Arab territory. Gromyko repeated his
call for an early resumption of the Geneva 'peace conference.

WASHINGTON (AP) The Justice Department said Wednesday it
opposes a House bill that would allow newsmen to withhold information
from federal grand juries.

A group of joumaiists called the Reporters Committee for Freedom ol'tlte
Press said it would not support the bill because the privilege would not
extend to trials.

Spokesmen for the department and the joumalists testiﬁed as a Housc
subcommittee opened hearings on legislation designed to protect the
conﬁdentiality of news sources in grand jury proceedings.

The measure. introduced by Rep. Robert Kastenmeier. D-Wis.. would not
protect newsmen at trials. They could be forced to divulge information it lllc
court ﬁnds it critical to the prosecution or defense.

WASHINGTON (AP) Senate and House confcrces tentatively ugrccd
Thursday on a $237 million humanitarian aid-evacuation bill ttulhori/inu
restricted use of U.S. troops if necessary in South Vietnam.

The conference will meet again Friday for ﬁnal acceptance of Ianguttgc to
be drafted overnight.

Members of the conference said a contingency fund written into a Senate-
passed bill wasdroppcd in favor ofgiving the President the right to usc S I 77
million of previously authorized funds at his discretion for evacuation.
humanitarian relief or both.

Confcrccs said they agreed to channel S If) million in new humanitarian and
authorization through international rclicf agencies or voluntary agencies.
not speciﬁcally the United Nations.

Senate restrictions on the use of troops to evacuate foreign national».
including endangered South Vietnamese. reportedly were rctuincd.

SACREMENTO. Calif. (AP) Clifford Jefferson. rcputcdly it founder at
the Symbioncsc Liberation Army. claimed Wednesday that the ordered thc
assassination of Oakland schools Supt. Marcus Foster.

Jefferson. a haggard, scarfaccd convicted murderer known as “Dcul h It mt
Jclf." stunned the courtroom when be pinned the murder on a dead man
SLA member Willic Wolfe-rand said SI.A “soldiers” Russell Lilllc and
Joseph Rcmiro are innocent of the charges against them.

PROVIDENCE. R.I. (AI’) Illack students. protesting budget ctllhttckr
they said would make Brown University "richer and whiter.“ sci/ed control
of tire fvy League school‘s administration building 'I‘hursduy.

About it) black students entered University Hall. thc ttdrrrinistr'tttron
building on the College Grccn. shortly after 8 am. after about IOU hinti-
students surrounded the building. Within hours. more than 1000 black and
white students were picketing in support of those inside.

The takeover was peaceful and all university ofﬁcials and cntployccs It'll
the building after the students moved in.

BUFFALO (AI’) Anthony Siomouctti. tltc chicf prosecutor ol L'.l\l'\
growing out of thc l97l Attica prison revolt. will testify Monday at -l|l
inquiry into allegations of I-‘Iil snooping on defense preparations for L'\~
inmates indictcd as a result of the revolt.

Justice Joseph S. Mnttina of State Supreme Cottrl said he pltont'd
Simonctti and said the special assistant sttttc attorney general agreed to corru-
to court Monday.

The judge strcsscd that “no infcrcnccs should be drawn . . .rcgnt'tlittg rrtn
wrongdoing at this time by any governmental agency."

The inquiry is the second that Sirrtonctti has been drawn into rcgtndt Ith Ilt.
Attica prosecution.

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) A spokesman for thc (‘ivil Scrvicc I‘mplmr
Association has virtually rulcd otrt the possibility of n sttikc by llrc ntmm
pttblic cntployc union this Tuesday.

“The possibility of a job action Tuesday is extirtrntcly unlikely burrow
the titning involved.” CSIZA spokcsnntn Roger (‘ttlurtrtitl Wcrlncsrlt.) "It .rrxi
wouldn't make good common sense."

The union. which is awaiting a fact—finding r'cport in it cullllitcl t||~]‘lr'
with the slattc. had originally threatened to strike at midnight Mondtn u 'r
agreement had been reached by then.

M-“I‘NV. N-V- (Al'l (iov liugh Carey met with xllllu rtgenc) Inc-M
Wednesday and dircclcd tltcttt to prepare plans tor trnrtor cuts Ill liltll
budgets. '

lint at a hricling afterwards for reporters. the governor dt‘clinctl to soy Iron
"’95 ll": Process of planning the cuts would tttke or how much oI Ihc i; It"I
"Wm" “"9301 gap he says the state faces cart bc cttt from the open v1l||ll'
budgets of state agencies. or when tltc cuts would be illlpit‘lllclllcti.

indeed. it was clear that before the cuts were ttctuttlly put into eIlccr. then
“0"” he I’llblicircd extensively as part of Carey's campaign to get puhltr
support for tile massive tax increases he insists arc ttcccssury to balance IIIL'
budget and avert the cuts.

APRIL 25, 1975

 

Age of  f

by Richard Nordwlnd

The wife of a foreign diplomat was
a reluctant guest at a dinner party for
the late Joe McCarthy, during the
height of the ‘red baiting‘ Senator‘s
power. An ardent McCarthy foe. the
woman mentioned to the Senator
that some of the best people she
knew in the American foreign service
had been ruined by his scarctactics.

Joc McCarthy laughed. “This is
nothing personal.“ he said. “It‘s all
politics.“

Alger Hiss was one of the “best
and brightest“ men in the State
Department during the days ofpost-
war paranoia in America in the early
1950‘s. when a Communist was
thought to bc lurking behind every
movic camera and lectcrn. but his
career was ruined by accusations of
treason and spying made by Me-
(‘ttrthy and thcrt Senator Richard
Nixon.

"Nothing personal.“ McCarthy
said. bill for Iliss it meant years in
prison on n perjury conviction. on
cnd to his ambitions in the State
Department. and 25 years ofintcnsc
struggle to prove his innocenccto thc
Amcrican public.

Hiss is an elderly man now. near-
irtg 70. and in a speech at the Cum-
puchntcr Ballroom Wednesday
night. he spoke in a voice that
suggcstcd time may have outrun his
bitterness about the days of Joe Mc-
Cnrthy.

“The age of recrimintttiorts and
sucking out sutpegottts is over." Hiss
said hopefully about contemporary
America. citing our acceptance of
loss in Vietnam as ti more rcullstic
approach to the changing world

situation.‘“lt was after all when we
'Iost‘ China that the McCarthy era
began. Everyone wanted someone to
blame for the loss."
Hisshimselfdisdains vengeance as
a method for dealing with his own
past. ' ‘

 

A naive and uneducated electorate '

was deceived by political
demngogues like McCarthy. Hiss
believes. It was stupidity. not cruel-
ty. that led Americans to follow Mc-
Carthy and the Communist ‘witch
hunts‘ofthe House on Un-American
Affairs Committee. ttrgucs l-Iiss.
"With a better educated. more
sophisticated electorate. such a
situation should not come about
again."

Some students were more skep-
lical. “How do you cxpluin tltc
landslide election of Richard Nixon
in ‘72 then!" one student asked.

.lokingly. I-Iiss rcplicd. “Evert an
educated electorate can be fooled
some of the time.“ More seriously.
I'liss agreed that McCarthy-like tac-
ties were always a danger in a
democracy. "George Wallace is go-
ing to get a lot ofvotes in the ‘7(rclcc-
tion.“ Hiss said as a warning. “You
always have to watch out."

Slow and stately in his manner.
Htss ncvcrthclcss lashed ottt ut Mc-
Carthy several times during his
speech. with an anger that belied his
age. and the 25 years that have pass-
cd since his famous battle with the
Senator in front of the Senate Com-
mittee. whilc America watched on
their box-style TV sets.

Softly. almost ccltoirrg. I‘l‘iss says >

of McCarthy. “llc wasn ldw'orderof
human being. As cvil a man as there

kuehn

Alger Hlss was one of the “best and brlghtest" men In the State Department during the-
Communlst paranoia oi the 1950's. In a low-keyed speech here Wednesday night he said “the
age or reerlmlnatlons and seeking out scapegoats is over."

ever was in American politics.“

of his own involvement in the Me-
Carthy hearings. or his subsequent
conviction. Hiss said little. Often
Hiss was more interesting for what
he didn‘t say. than for what he did;
not rt word about his current battle
to gain admission to the
Massachusetts bar. or details of his
confrontation with the House on
Uri-American Affairs Committee.

“Read my book on the subject.“ were
Hiss' only words.

Hiss fought McCarthy and the
‘rcd baitcrs‘in courts and withwords
for many years. In the end though. a
more mellow lliss believes. laughter
is the best weapon.

Actor Testiﬁes

"A Hollywood character actor
had to testify beforethc Committcc.
and they asked him. do you know the

Chances for On-Campus Employment

by Rosemary Puglicse

While chances of on-eampus
employment for students haven't
worsened. they are still pretty dim.
That was the consensus among
school officials involved with stu—
dent cmploymcnt when they Were
asked about changes in the hiring
picture.

Kathleen Beeckel.
coordinator 0
Financial Aids Office. saw little
change in the employment situation.
Governor Carey‘s freeze on state
jobs is still affecting hiring. she said.
“We‘re expecting about the same

employment
the

number of students to be employed
next year." Beeckcl said. She
couldn‘t cstitmttc students“ chances
of getting positions at present. “As of
now. we have stacks and stacks of
forms to be correlated." she explain-
ed. Shc thought the off-campus job
situation was equally bleak. but said
she couldn‘t be sure. “We still an-
ticipatc students having difficulty
ﬁnding summer employment. Many
students that I've talked to don’t
seem to have found jobs." she stated.

Her opinions were repeated by
Donald Whitlock. the Director of
the Financial Aids Office. “Right

 

samurai-sum . .

 

APRIL 25, 1975

If you are interested in taking nest Fall’s

LSAT

prep COIII'SC

offered by the Pro-law Society,
send $20.00 along with your
name, address, and phone number

to
Student Absociat/on
CC 346
0/0 PRE-LAW SOCIETY

dreamers-transnationa-sun-suns:

ﬁrm/ml hr run/cm «warmth/ion

now. I can‘t say any more than we
expect to run a program similar to
last year‘s program." he said. referr-
ing to work study jobs. But as for the
financial aids situation. Whitlock
said. “There are changes that
students ought to be aware of." He
said many students are unaware of
loans or grants for which they can
apply.

Whitlock said an overall change in
financial aids this year involves the
Parents Conﬁdential Statements.
which studentsapplying foraid must
file. "The PCS isn‘t going to demand
as much from families as in the past.
So more students will be eligible for
aid this year. and eligible for larger
amounts.“ he said.

Unlike thcjob situation. Whitlock
said things may improve in the finnn-
cittl aids area. A 120 million dollar
nationwide appropriation for work

study is pending. ltc said. “There is
potential for an increase. In another
couple of chks. I may have some
more optimistic infonnation." ltc
added.

Donald Bielecki. Assistant Direc-
tor of the Campus Center. could not
give students more hope regarding
the employment situation. Biclccki is
in charge of students working the
audio-visual equipment and at the
Campus Center Information Desk.
“The only change from our view is
about the freeze.“ he said. Although
seven positions have been available
in his department last semester. he
had been unable to fill them due to
the freeze. But he was recently allow—
cd to replace the personnel he had
lost.

“We‘ll have to hire people for next
semester." he admitted. but wasn’t
sure how malty jobs would be

 

“rill

—iUDlIN CAISi

 

 

 

“ ‘lhke The Money And Run"
is nuttlness triumphant.”

I’AIUMAN I‘ll IliHl ‘) lNIl HNAIII)NA| i'Nl ‘rl NI‘.

W000i All!" 3

W [TAKE THE MONEY AND IIUN"
WOODY ALLEN  JANET MiliililillN

I ANNA“ “OADCAIM GMT. "‘0. mm
OIIYRWIID IV CINERMAA “LEASING CORPORATION

Friday. April 25 7:30 9

50‘ with Colon,
$1.00 W
81.25 with nothing

pm at oar-:Ar noaaeav WEEKEND!
Colonlal Quad Films
M

—LO0K MAGAZINE

“Insanely

—TIME MAGAZINE

 

:30 gag-24
ial Quad Card
lth tax

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

names ol'nny people involved in un-
Amcricttn activities.

"I do sir.“ said the blacklisted ttc-
tor.

“Would you please name thctn
then?" it Conrmittcc mctnberuskcd.

The actor pointed to each member
01 the Committee and named them.
“'Iltcsc are the only people I knou
cngngcd in tin-American ttcti\itics.
sir." he said.

Still Dim

available. At present. he has 44
students in his state funded 'l'cm-
pornry Service Budget. including I5
work study studcnts. “I think tlntt'll
be pretty stable for next semester.
depending on how many work study
positions arc allotted." he said. If
there is an incrcttsc in assigned work
study students. there will he a cor-
responding decrease in the other
Temporary Service positions he
needs to fill.

Blclccki still accepts applications
for jobs. [int he said. "I try to tell
everyonc tltnt it‘s kind of fruitless.
Not fruitless. but that there is such a
tremendous waiting list."

'l'hcrc was one employment op—
portunity coming up that students
might like to know about. he said.
"We nccd. about 20 ushers ffor~
graduation services on .lunc Isl. If
students want. they can come in and
see me." Biclccki said.

ﬂ
Mortar, I/lt' I’utmon Room and irale
.tIm/t'nr lcutlcrx are in I
Collegium
on page t'lt'l’t'll.

cw Vista Travel

We offer individual travelst
low charter rates

STUDENT TRAVEL HEAD-
QUARTERS

suaors * $256-
CALIFORNIA $194.

*minimum prices as set by
can I
for more information. stop by
our office in the Post Ofﬁce
Building at 35 Fuller Road. or
Call 489-2594

PAGE THREE

 

 

ma...rr.,.;...s»..}.as

 

