by Nathan Soloist

‘ a...  I  psets

' Mike Hart scored 3| points and Earl Holmes hit for 27. as the
Marisl College Red Foxes defeated the Albany State Great Danes
varsity bastketball team92-86 before a crowd of 79 fans. Albany is

nowl4-8: Marist is l6-l0.

“We played horrendously.“ said
Albany State Coach Doctor Richard
Sauers. “For l5 minutes we looked
like we did not even care about the
game. Too many players were
reading their clippings instead of
playing the game. It was good for us;
we got what we deserved,“

And indeed they did. as Albany
was outscored, outshot (55% to
47%), outrebounded (42-39). rind
surrendered 70 points (let alone 90)
for the ﬁrst time in 8 games. the last
time being the Ill-94 win over
Ithaca in overtime. .

The game was close at the start.
with the score tied at 18 after 8
minutes. before the Red Foxes hit 9
straight points, outrebounded the
Danes 7.—0. and opened up a 27-l8
lead with 7:30 to plriy. Bob Audiil2

pts) ended the Fox streak with twa
buckets of his own.

Albany put together a lo point
streak on 2 buckets by Gary Trevett
(l2 pts),and oneeach by Ed Johnson
(27). Mike Suprunowicr. (20), and
Tom Morphis (6) to close the score
to 37-34 with Izl0 in the half. and
went off trailing 43-38 at halftime.

Hart and Holmes were already in
double ﬁgures (l3 and II respective-
ly) as were Johnson (l2) and Trevctt
(10). Neither team had been im-
pressive. with both having strange
cold spells from the floor (Albany
was 0-7 in a three minute stretch;
Maris! l for 9). The absence of the
tough Dane defense seen versus
Brockport was as much a factor in
the loss as anything else.

The Red Foxes hit three straight

rslty of Now’iloiiki at Albany ‘

bound Danes

field goals to open the second half as
Albany fell behind by It, and then
traded baskets for almost 10
minutes. The trading deadline came
at 9:56 when the Danes made a late
surge to close withing two. 74-74
with 6:02 to play. but baskets by
Holmes and Hart opened things up
arid Marist was never caught.

Dane Dope: Nothing new in Danes
losing first game after receiving
NCAA Tournament bid. Did same
in I969 versus New I’altz . . . Steve
Pass accompanied varsity but did
not play . . . Audi‘s 12 pts. upped his
season average to I l/ga me. Johnson
leads Albany with just under 20.
followed by SUpl’lanWiC'l. zit l7. with

'l'revett and Koola also in double 4

figures . . . Danes close out regular
season Saturday at Stony Brook,
then face week of tough practive in
prep for Round I versus St.
Lawrence in Brockport. Game time
at Brockport is 7 pm. Albany has
been given 500 tix to both rounds,

Brockport Wins Conference

by Nathan Salant

In a game viewed by over 3500 fans and carried live on Albany
State‘s campus radio station WSU A. the Brockport Golden Eagles
defeated the visiting Buffalo State Bengals 78-73. Tuesday and thus
clinched first place in the SUNY Conference, and theatriomatic
NCAA Division III Tournament bid which accompanies it.

Once again. Brockport‘s 6‘0"
"I’ops" Mc'l'aw dominated the in-
dividiiiil stats (24 pts.. l7 rebounds).
but the hero‘s role was reserved for
substitute guard Mike I'lussong who
entered the game with Cl minutes to
play. and completed a 3 point play
with I6 seconds left in the game to
put it away for Brockport.

Brockport opened l0-2 and .il-ZS
leads in the first half btrt Buffalo
State battled brick time rind again to
lie. first at I2-12. later at 22-22. and
again at Lil—3|. before the Eagles ran
off it unanswered points for rihalf-
time Sill-3| margin.

Buff. State reeled offt) consecutive
points to start the second half and
went on to take the lead 48-40 with
l2 minutes to play. The next 9
minutes of play saw the lead
. H ‘1.

rs in action versus :orwich. Aquernon ttnlshod season at .600 for tlrst

repeatedly changing hands with
neither learn able to open more than
a 4 point bulge until Mc'l'uw coir-
vertcd it rebound oil a missed foul
shot to put Brockport tip 75-70 with
30 seconds to play.

Mc’l‘iiw led all scorers followed by
Mike I’iinaggio (lt’r). Dun Panaggio
(I3). Kevin Williains(‘)). Bill Curry
(2). and Hussongifl). Dave l-loek led
Buff. State with l6. followed by Greg
Miller (l2).Al Riehardsonil l).()|cc
C/molu (I0). .Iolin Doiiglierty to).
and several others with 4 and 5
points each.

The WSUA broadcast team were
the Victims oi continuous sccotid
half and post gariic outbursts by
Brockporl's royul routers. Remarks
included. "What the ”“ is Albany

' " at. m 

lstory. story on page 1!.

doing the game lor. 'l'hrii birin team
has no business being out here . . .
You guys better beat St. Lawrence.
because then we're going to kick
your . . . Albany. the school that
stepped iii it and crime out smelling
like a rose. 0' we liiid your lick we‘d
be national champs."

The game was also iirrirred by
enraged Buff. State fairs repeatedly
throwing paper airplanes on the
court. as well as going on the court
during play to yet! all the olficirils.
'l'hc bushness was cliiniixed when it
fair bit Pops Mc’l‘tiw during the
game. forcing a stoppage in play to
wake the giant tip. and to remove the

h’andyman lrom the stands.

llrockport no stranger

Two years ago Brockport received
an NCAA bid rind won the regional
tournament. Last year the Golden
Eagles were losers in a must game
versus Buffalo State. and were
winners in the ECAC Upstate Tour-

‘.,r 3,.

hole

490 at $2.50 each: 10 at reserved seat

' rate of $3.50.Tix on sale Tues. Wed.

9-12, 2-4. and Thurs. 9-l2 in Main_
Office of Phys-Ed building. Plans
for buses to Brockporthave yet to be
announced. .

.l'riday, rquxy 23, 1975

Danes NCAA sto'ry in 1969 showed
first round l09-64 loss to Wagner
College and 71-70 win over
LeMoyne in consolation. thanks to
Rich Margision foul shot with 3
seconds left in the gsnte. '

tw,

Iob' 6}:

Ed Johnson It action versus Brockport last week. Johnson scored 27
versus Msrlst In losing cause last Wednesday.

Pups Down Marist

by Jon Lafayette

Thursday night. the Albany State Junior Varsity won 66-55 before
50 fans against Marist College. The start of the game was delayed
because half of the Marist team got lost on the way to the University

Gym.

Once they did get here they
jumped out to II 2-0 lead on a Neil
Lajeuness turnaround in the key. a
move the Mttrist center would per-
form many times iri the game. The
teams trrided baskets until Aubrey
Brown and Carmelo Verdejo hit 2
consecutive jump shots giving the
Pups their first leitd of the game at
IZ-Ii. Both teams lrrid many oppor-
tunities with offensive rebounds but
only Iiijcuncss and Eric Walton
were able to convert. Lajeiiucss
scored agriin (he'd scored the last
llirec Miirisl baskets) followed by

Brown scoring on u looping pass M

toward the brisket from the off-side
by Bob Luciano. The Pops would
ul’  this play often during the
giimc. After David 'l'hoinson iiird
Brown made the st' re 22-l5. Milrist
scored three straight baskets. on
Iiiyiips by guards .lolin Viinder'voort
and Willi Brickowski rind il jumper
by .loliti McKee. to bring Miirist
back to within one. After Rriy (lay
lill a foul shot, ('tiriiicllo Veidcjo
went tlp Wllll il shot lllill \vtl‘sl‘illit'ltt'tl
and came down htiid. lioic was
called by the rclciccs illlll (‘riiiiicllo
was helped oil the court with il
spiiiincd lllll'tlt‘.

lliis secured to make the Pops
more determined as |.tiii_v lliiinctlc
scored two baskets and Airliicy
lii'own scored ii brisket lilltl two Il'ui.‘
throws wltile Murist could manage
only one. l.njctiness hit tWo tree
throw» and Brown hit another
jumper to end the Iiiilf in 11-25.

Aubrey Brown had played
tremendous basketball in the first
half. He led all scorers with M
points. shootingfr for it frorn the field
and 2 for 2 frorn the line. He also
pulled down 9 rebounds as the I’ups
controlled the boards iii the first
half.

The second half began with the
learns trading baskets 'l’tlSS.
Walton. and Brown scoring for
Albnriy. 'I'lien Miirist got hot rind
scored four straight baskets. twri by
McKee with lirickowski and (ircg
(lilcs liitliiig to tie the giiiiie.

When the going got tough, the
Pups got going, They began pressing
and harassing the Mnrisl
brillliiuidlcrs. a strategy that Worked
‘ well against Union in the last game

and piiid olf ugriiit. l‘irst. Dave
I hoiiisouscorcd on it pass alter a
steal to break the tic. lhcn l{il_\’(il|)
liil three straight liiyiips lllill wcicscl
tip by either he or l'tt‘is stealing the
ball. (iiiy scoicd his iotiilli In a row
on ii juniper lioin bcliiiid .i lliown
pickl Ill. Walton scored lllt' twclvlli
iinriiisocicd point on .’I icboiind to
iririkctlicst-oil-Sl- ll) lllt'lt'illtl‘illiltl
ciiirli wolcd iiiiollir-i sl\ lititltl‘i when
tinollici l'iip wciil tloiiii /\llltl.\i
|.r\liii ciiiiic out ol lllt' paint- ltiioi‘»
iiigliisttglitIcgnllci‘ncollisioniiitlit'
litickcoiiit Mnrm licgrin ptcssitlg
lllltl tightened things up again with
two buckets iipiccc by McKee and
l.iiiciincss making the score 57-51.
'I be game degenerated into it loiil-ri-
ilion with only two licld goals. both
continued on [utgrA/i/‘It't'o

The elevator: for our boys and girls with wide eyes, unaccustomed to State

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1

University decor. my knew they were the ones the arisen ofAmlatio Wanted to hurrwh'eri shebn‘rhcﬂom
One three year old rat on her father's shoulders. clinging desperately to his bald scene of the ﬁrst fable, '11te Liar" to ash tithe audience knew not lie: . . ‘

spot . . . Somebody must have tipped these kids of]. telling them. that with the mean height of - l
the audience being 4 feet. 2 inches. youth was deﬁnitely thrower. , - i - ~

 

SA Slashes Stipends;

by David Winselberg

A controversy is developing
around the Stipend Reform bill
passed by Central Council over two
weeks ago which made the elimina-
tion of most stipends and reduction
oftlic rest part of SA Finance Policy.
Stipends iire monetary reim-
bursements paid to students in
positions of responsibility in SA
groups.

The bill suggests thrit stipends be
replaced by puss-fail independent
study credit.

The bill was accompanied with it
three page report of recommen-
dations for stipend reform submitted
by it Council Ad I'loc committee
formed on the subject. Committee
Chairman Rick Mecklcr reported
that “ti growing number of requests
for stipends spiirkcd the reform cf-
lort " llc added that "thcconiinittcc
checked it lot of schools in the state
system" and found that “u not nia<
joiity don‘t pay the stipends thatoiir
SA does."

The Stipend Reform committee‘s
report. adopted as Council policy
\\ hen the bill was passed.
recommends that several stipends be
substituted by academic credit. A
"student activities board." also
recommended by the report. will be
set tip next term tti assist in the titl-
minixtriition of receiving tICiItlcltllL‘
credit lor lliosc student activities
now losing stipends.

According to Stiidcril Association
Vice-President lrii Bii‘iibaum. some
positions left slipcndlcss by the new
policy include: Service Director of
SA. (.‘onccrl Boa rd chairperson. and
(‘cnlral (.‘ouncil Vice-chairperson.
Ilirnbiiiini added that "the ASI’ will
be losing the most in stipends“
iiniong till of the groups now provid-
ed with the allowances.

"The independence ol the ASP
would be greatly diminished if any
staff members were receiving
academic credit." said former ASI’
liditor In Chief litivid Lerner.

“There‘s no way any ad-
iiiinistrritor or faculty member can
determine what it student job is
worth. I wouldn't want some credit
hanging over my head as a carrot
long tradition on this campus. I

and stick so I could perform to the
satisfaction of some faculty

member." Lerner explained. “This

can effect reporters and editors un-
consciously even before they write
the story. and in any case the Jour-
nalism and English departments are
against it; credit is simply an un-
acceptable alternative to stipends.“
he said. “The committee admitted
the prohibitive amount of time re-
quired for tbescjobs.“ Lcrneriidded.
“and since credit is not an alter-
native. money is the most effective
and fair means of reimbursement.“

Another SA group that will be
affected by the bill is the campus
radio station WS UA. Station
Manager l‘iric (ioldstciri feels that
the reform measure retlucing
stipends will definitely be “detrimen-
tiil" to the station‘s operation. He
continued by saying: “Stipcnds arc
essential [or the clficicnt running ol
the station. llicy are not salaries but
they are rciinblirscnicnts tor the cx<
penscs that these (workers in SA
tiindcd orgtinilations) people must
ncccssiirily incur in the functioning
of their jobs.“ (ioldslcin said that he
would favor “a viable academic
credit" l'L‘plIlCCIllClll tor stipends but
feels that none exist ill the present
time.

[learn of Uiidcrgruduiitc Studies
Robe rt Morris explained lllill
students seeking these aciidcniic
credits would do so throuin the in—
dependent study programs which
"virtually every department" has.
llowcvei'. Morris explained further:
"A student sccking academic credit
for SA work must be intellectually
mature and tistiitc criottgli to bciiblc
to draw on the direct relationship
between the subject matter in the
academic discipline and the applica-
tion of it to the SA work. This is a
necessary condition for identifying a
liiciilly member who'll be willing to
serve as the mentor in such an
endeavor.“

Dean Morris called the situation
"potentially volatile" itrid offered
this caution to students behind the
reform effort: “Students historically.
have taken pride in their iii-
dependericc iii adriiitiistrnling their
own affairs (i.c.. finances. media). It

think this has been extremely con-
structive. But as soon as you move to
academic credit for any part of SA
work. you by definition run the risk
to give up some degrees of freedom
of the independence that they enjoy
now."

Chairperson of Central Council.

Lew Fidlcr had asked SA President
l’at Curran to veto the bill. stating
that it was a change in finance policy
and therefore needed a two-thirds
margin to pass(the final vote was I l-
8 for the bill). Curran refused to veto
the reform measure claiming it was
an addition to policy. riot II change.
Student Association V.l’. Birnbiium
explained lalit the reforms were "set-
ting tip new policy. not amendingthe
old“ and further said that “the
provisions of lllis policy weren't in
conflict" with the original policy and
therefore didn't require a two—thirds
HilL' lor passage. 'l lic issue has not
yet been brought to the SA Supreme
Court.

('hnirpcrson l-idlci is in liivor of
stipend rclorni. ridding. however
llllll tlic cornniiltcc‘swoik thus I' '
only a “first step in ii several step
operal ion.“ He added that he "hopes
that the committee members would
continue their work to add
refinements to the present bill." SA
Vicc~l’rcsidcnl Birnbiium thinks the
i'clorm is tin “excellent idea" and
praised the Ad lloc committee‘s
labors: “I think llicydid a good job."

.—From “Children Never Do em Up" by Dubai‘s Fischkht o

 

photo courtesy tower tribune

Dean olUndergraduale Studies RobertMorrIs said that students

"In "'9 "8k 0' git!an . up some of their Independence and freedom

from outside control it academic credit is substituted for stbends.

$150, 000 Misused At Brockport

by Susan Michael

An itcmi/cd study compiled by
State University
Brockport student leader Clark (ieb-
trial! that reported the misuse of
Eli I 50.000 in student lirndswas ttirricd
over to thc New York State Police
Bureau of Criminal Investigation by
Brockport (,‘ollegc President Albert
W. Brown. One discrepcncy that
proriipled the study was the enor-
mous gasoline bills for Brockport
State‘s two vans. These bills were
allegedly ruir tip in the summer and
tire traceable to twcriiy different
vehicles.

lhcsc and other problems with the

College at -

 

SA Groups

Albany Student Press
WSUA

President of SA
Vice-President of SA
SA Comptroller
Torch Editor

Central Council
Chairperson

 

This Year
(Total Stipends)

$4.850
32.900

5900 lot the year
$600 tor summer

$900 for the year
$600 tor summer

$900 tor the year
$600 tor summer

$700

$400 tor the year
$300 lor the summer

Next Year

$400 for Editor-ln-Cblot.
$200 for assistance

$300 for Station Manager.
$500 for Cbiel Engrr’icer

$300 plus extra based on
needs up to $1.200

$300 plus extra based on
needs up to $1.200

$700

$200

$300

 

 

New SA finance policy will eliminate many other
ASP and WSUA stipends. For example. there would
no longer be stipends tor the managing editor.

news editor. arts and sports editors. Otherlgroups
attested Include Concert Board. Viewpoints. AMIA.
Albany State Gloom, and ACT.

allocation of the mandatory student
tax caused Albert W. Brown. the
President of SUE-Brockport to re-
tliicst an audit oftlic Brockport Stir-
dcnt (ioverniticnt (BSG equivalent
to SUNYA's SA) accounts in OC-
toribcr. In addition to the alleged
misuse of BSU‘s Mobil credit card
there seemed to have been an excess
of $2800 to the Black Students'
Liberation Front and the 310.000
that BSG ptiid the Brockport F.S.A.
for accounting services Wits dis-
covered to law been taken from the
wrong line of the budget. According
to guidelines established by the State
University Board of'l'rustces forthc
dispersernent of the activity fee “lix-
ccssivc surpluses of student fees
should not be allowed to ric-
cumlilritc." Yet Brockport had
begun to accumulate an excess of
these monies in l‘)7(l-7l.

A week after the original story
appeared in the Br'orickpor't Sir/its
tiir'tlicr investigation by that paper‘s
stiifl revealed it former vice president
ol BS(i Williiiiii Bennett had used
the BS“ credit card for a $500
overhaul of his car's engine. Bennett
was not alone in his misuse of that
card. lil frict although only $2.500
were allocated for Illl summer ex-
pcnses BSU rtlll up a bill of nearly
$2000 on Mobiliiccoiint. By the eiid
of July the lixccntivc connniice
found it needed more money so it
simply re~iippropriiited some
without approval of the Student
Senate (equivalent to our Central
Council). Presented with this and
other evidence liSti president .lolin
Myers called for an audit the last

week of October.

Al the October 3] meeting ofthe
Student Senate BSG presidentJobn
Myers announced that he had taken
five steps against the alleged wrong-
doing iir 856. These were cancella-
lion of the Mobil credit cards. the
calling in of the BSG and SUC-
Brockport auditors. connecting
counsel. informing the Collegepresi—
dent of all developments and a
promise to work with the Stylus in its
investigittion of the affair. He also
explained that the District Attorney
had been called in and suggested a
moratorium on ptiblicity until in-
vestigalions were completed.

The Senate overwhelmingly ap-
proved the 3.800 dollars thrtt the
audit would cost and Myers promis-
ed to keep the Senate posted on the
audit‘s progress. Al the slime
meeting BSC: Treasurer. Carrie
Wright. responded by saying the
liSG‘s financial problems were
iiotlrlrig new. She also announced
her resignation. which would be
effective in two iv'eks and that she
would give a ftrll inriiicial report in
one week. She later retracted part of
that statement saying that there Wits
II 50-50 chance of her resignation.

Shortly thereafter approximately
four thousand students presented a
petitioti requesting new elections by
Thanksgiving and it new constitu-
tion by April I5. President Myers
contnictited llitll the petition could
not be ignored byt the present con-
stitution did not allow for the
possibilities oi" such petitions. He
also said that because President

‘t‘tnlffllilt’tl on page four

 

 

 

 

 

