 
  
  

   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 

 

 

AV“

 

 

w. sum—s: ma.
W, a...“

.‘t

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 

 
  

 

 


I

 

 stlé‘d Time

by James A. Mlehener-

Don't be too calculating. Don't be too
scientiﬁc. Don‘t let the shrinks terrify you or
dictate the movements of your life. '

Thereis a divine irrelevance in the un-
iverse- and many men and women win
through to a sense of greatness in their lives

, by stumbling and fumbling their way into

patterns that gratify them and allow them to
utilize their endowments to the maximum.
If Swarthmore College in I925 had
employed even a half-way decent guidance
counselor. I would have spent my life as an
assistant professor of education in some
midwestem university. Because when I
reported to college it must have been ap-
parent to everyone that: l was destined for z

I cannot tell you how often I was
penalized for taking a frivolous
language like Spanish . . .

 

some kind ot‘acadcmic career. Nevertheless.
I was allowed to tuchpanish.which leads to
nothing, instead of French or German,
which as everyone knows are important
languages studied by serious students who
ivish to gain a, I’hl).

I cannot tell you howvoften lwus penalized
for having taken a frivolous language like
Spanish instead of a decent, self-respecting

V Spanish and foil

 

P

_ V a deep affinity for it. In
the end. I was able to‘ write :- book about
Spain which willprobsbly live longer than
anything else I've ’done.',ln other words. I
blindly backed intota minor masterpiece.)
There are thotissn‘ds of people competent to'
write about France.‘and if I had takenthat *
language in. college _I would have been
prepared to add no. new ideas to general
knowledge. It was Spanish that opened up
for me a whole new universe of concepts and
ideas. . .

I wrote nothing until I wa's forty. This tar-
dy beginning, one might say this delinquen-
cy. stemmed from the fact that lhad spent a
good deal of my early time knocking around V
this country and Europe. trying to find out
what I believed in. what values were large
enough toenlist m'y sympathiesduring what I
sensed would be a long and confused life.
Had I committed myself atage eighteen, as l
wasencouragcdto do. I would not even have
known the parameters of the problem. and
any choice I might have made then would
have had to be wrong.

It took meforty years to find out the facts.

As It -  .1 , I have never been able
to feel anxiely about young people who are
fumbling their way toward the enlighten-
ment that will keep them going. ldoubt that
a young man—unless he wants to be a doctor
or a research chemist. where a substantial
body of specific knowledge must be
mastered within a prescribed time—can
waste timc, regardless of what he does. I
believe you have tillage thirty-live to decide
finally on what you tII‘C going to do. and that
any exploration you pursue in the process
will in theend ttirn out to have been creative.

Indeed. it may well be the year that
observers describe as “wasted” that will
prove to have been the most productive of
those insights which will keep you going. The
trip to Egypt. The two years spent working
:1in runner for a bank. The spellyou spent on
a newspaper in Idaho. Your apprenticeship

  

 
 
 

   
 
 
 

young man oughtto’ spendhh
' of wait that lesd'to'true-lntelli'gence. . A
Two more comments: Throughout mylife

I have been something of an idealist-
optlrnist, so it is startling for me to discover I
that recently] have become a downright .
Nietzcl'ieant lfind that the constructive work~ _
of the world is done by bn'appalingly small
percentage of the geneIIl population. The
rest simply don’t give a damn...or they grow'
tired...or they failed to acquire when young
the ideas that would vitalize them for the
long decades. ‘ » ’

Can you hang on through the crap
they throw . . .

 

I am not saying that. they don't matter.
They count as among the most precious
items on earth. But they cannot be depended
upon either to generate necessary new ideas

or' put them into operation if someone else ‘ .

generates them. Therefore those men and
women who do have the energy to form new
constructs and new ways to implement them
must do the work of many. I believe it to be

    

those creator-

gI-‘lnsl commentll was about forty when I

    

“retired from the rat race, having satisfied

myself that I could handle it if ﬂuid to. I saw
then a man could count his lifea success ifhe
survived—merely survived—’— to age sixty-
tive without having ended up in jail (because
he couldn‘t adjust to the minimum'laws that
socity requires) or having landed in the
booby hatch (because he could not bring his
personality into harmony with the per-
sonalities of others).

I believe this now without question. In-
come. position. the opinion of one‘s friends,
the judgment of one’s peers and all the other
traditional criteria by which human beings
are generally judged are for the birds. The
only question is. “Can you hang on through
the crap they throw at you and not lose your
freedom or your good sense?"

I am now sixty-four and three-quarters.
and it‘s beginning to look asiflmay make it.
If I do. whatever happens beyond that is on
the house...and of no concern to me.

 

Mr. Michener isu Pulitzer Prizewinner. who
has written such best selling novels as Hawaii
and The Drillers.

 

TI-IE COMM UNISTS WILL
TAKE OVER SUNYA
, amass YOU
PARTICIPATE IN THE
- UPCOMING
s_.A. ELECTIONS
SEPT. 23-24-25
Seats Available

Central Council

Senate

 

STATE
COLONIAL
ourcn
INDIAN
ALUMNI
oar-cameos

ANYONE CAN APPLY!

2 l
1
1 .
l
2 .
6 .

 

Self-nomination abeeto can be picked up in.
the S.A. Office CC Room 346 On Sept. 9-19
from 9 an to 5 pm.

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE FOURTEEN

 

   

*FRIENDS MEETINGatn

WANT TO BE PART
OF SOMETHING NEW?

EVERYONE IS INVITED TO ATTEND THIS :
GENERAL INTEREST MEETING IN WHICH
WE WILL DISCUSS SETTING UP AN
EXCITING NEW DISCO ON CAMPUS

l

 

 

 

The Classical Forum.

 

Candaule’s Revenge

Readers of the Classical Forum will. it is hoped. enjoy another of
Herodottis‘ slightly nuivc but charming stories. This one takes place in the
ancient kingdom of Lydia (Asia Minor) in the lib ('cntury ll.('.

“Now Candiiulcs conceived a passion lor his own wile. and thouqu she
was the most beautiful woman on earth. to this lancy of his thcrc was an
unexpected sequel.

to the king‘s bodyguard was a fellow hc particiihiry liked wliosc namcwtis
(lygcs. son of Duscylus. With him ('tiiiduulcs not only discussed his most
important business. btit even used to make him listen to culogics ol’hiswil'e‘s
beauty.

One day the king twlto was doomed to u had cud) stiltl to(iygcs‘lt appears
you don't believe me when I tell you how loy cly‘ ttiy wilc is. Well. ll inait
always belicvcs Ills eyes better than his cars: so do its I tell you contric\c to
see her naked.‘

(lygcs gave :i cry of liorror.‘Mitstci‘.' lic siiid.‘whut an improper suggestion!
l)o yoit tell me to look at the quccii when she has no clotlics on'.‘ No. no: "off
with her skirt. oil with her shame" yoit kitow what they say of women. Let
us learn from cxpcl‘icncc. Right and wrong were distingutshcd longztgo and
I'll tell you one thing that your wife is the most beautqu ot women; so for
goodness‘ sake do not ask me to bchtiyc like it critiuunl'

Thus he did his utmost to decline the king‘s invitation. bccaiusc lic was
afraid of what might happen if he accepted it.

The king. lichver. told him not to distress himself. "I Item.» nothing to be
afraid of. ‘he said. ‘either from me or my yi ilc. tum not luyinga on p for you:
and its for her. I promise she will do you no harm. I‘ll inuniigc so that sltc
doesn't even know that you have seen her. Look: I will hide you behind tltc
open door of your bedroom. My wife will follow me in to bed. Nearthc door
there‘s a chair she will put her clothes on it its she takes them off. one by
one. You will beablc to watch her with perfect case. then. while she‘s walking
away from the chair towards the bed with her back to you. slipuway through
the door and mind she doesn‘t catch you.‘

Gygcs.sincc he was unable to avoid it. consented. and when bedtime came
L'tindtiulcs brought him to the roont. Presently tltc queen arrived. ttnquges
watched her walk in and put her clothes on the chair. then just as she had
turned her back and was going to bed. he slipped soltly out of the room.
Unluckilthc queen saw him.

At once she realized what her husband had done. llui she did not betruythc
shiimc she lelt by screaming. or even let it appear that she had noticed
anything. Instead she silently resolved to have her revenge. For with th
Lydians. as with most barbarian races. it isthought highly indecent cvcn l'oru
man to be seen naked.

For the moment she kept her mouth sltttl and did nothing: but at duwnthe
next morning she sent lor(iygcsitl'tcr preparing tltc most trustworthy of her
servants for what was to come. there \Vtts nothing unusual in his beingaskcd
to attend upon the queen; 50(iygcs answered tltc summons without any
suspicion that she knew what had occui'rcd on tltc previous night.

'(iygcs.‘ she said. as soon as he presented himscll.‘ihcrc are two courses open
to you. atid you may take your choice between them. Kill ('iinduulcs and seize
the throne. with inc as your wife; or die yourscll on tltc spot. so that never
again may your blipd obedience to tltc king tempt you to see what you have
no right to see. ()nc of you ttltlsl die: ciihci my husband. the author of this
wicked plot.; or you. who hate outraged propi'tcty by scciiig inc iiaked.‘

lot It linic (iygcstt’ils too much astonished to Walk. .'\I last ltc louiid words
and hcggcd the ducciiiiol to lorcc llllll to maikcsoditlicult a choice. llut it was

y was liiccd \\llll tltc illlL'lllilll\t.'\. cttltcrol

iiogootl: he soon saw lllill he rciill
lcicd hitiiscll, llc IlliltlL‘ Ill\L‘IltllCt.' to

inurch iiig his muster. or ol bcing Illlllt
liyc.

‘lell Inc.'hc hilltl.'hlllt,‘L‘ you driyc nic
shiill we set on hint‘."

“We will attack him w hcn hc isttslcup.'\\.ts lllt‘
where he showed inc to you nukcd.‘

All was made tcttdy tor lllL' tittciiipi. lltc tltlt't'll would not lt‘l(i_\gc.\go or
ttlw llllll any L'Ililllcc ol csctipnig tlic tltlL'llItll.t | uth (soiliiulcs or he must
die. Night came. and lie lollowcd llt‘l into ilic licdiooui She put :i kiulc into
his liIiiid.uiitl hid ltuit behind ilicsuiiicdoot .l\ hctotc lltcii.yyhcu (hinduulcs
was asleep. lic crcpt lront hchuid thc doot .iiiil \Ittlc'ly

lliustiygcsusuipcd tltc throw and iiiiiiitcd tltc tlllt't‘ll

lttlcl’ ltc Illltl his power coiilit iiictl by an ot.iclc tiom Ilclplii "
ll'llll.\ltllt'tl lit .‘Itllll't'l' t/l’ Salim oiirt,

illlillltsl my “I” to kill ilic king. how

.llt\\\L'I';' .iiid oii tltc \ cry spot

 

don’t just llt' tllllllllt'l' pillar on rumpus .

BE FAMOUS!

{ll't'ili' [or Illt‘ ulh’l')

Wi' Ilt't'tl .r/ior/ jlt'llttll. /m¢'ll'l'. [lll't'tﬂt o/ [rm/mu IIl/t‘l't'\l. boo/tr

’"‘"'l"/ Illllt' I'I't'ii'it's', I‘ci‘ol'tl rtml t'UIIl't‘I'I l't'l'lt’lt’.\ (t‘.\/It't lulll' t'l(I.\\It'Ill

“"(I Will)- ('onli- up In (‘(' 3th null ml/r Io ll.\ t‘llllt'l‘ llI/ltll'l‘ or
S/H'm't' or give HA I: call tll 457-889]. NOW. [him/o,

 

 

 

 

 

 

we NEED LOTS or surronri
Friends Meetlng
Thursday, 8/ I I
CC Assembly Hall
8:00 pm

...—-———-

 

ALBANY srtiDEN'r PRESS

SEPTEMBER 9, 1975

g .
SEPTEMBER 5, 1975

      
  

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 
 

General Khanh In “Hearts and Minds".

‘Hearts

Albany State Cinema‘s first -movie.“HeIirts and
Minds". by no means light-hearted entertainment in
tlic conyciitional sense. opens their llllt’l't'll season with
:i thought provoking and awakening film.

“Hearts and Minds" examines tltc American
consciousness that lead to ourinvolveinenit in Vietnam.
llic liltii makers probe for logic behind military actions
that devastated one society and poliiri/ed iinothcr.

lltis liltn is It controversial documentary. drawing
upon historical record and incorporating interviews
photographed specifically for the project. “Hearts and
Minds“ includes exclusive intervich with tltc General
William West morcliind. former Secretary ol'l)el'ensc.
(‘lzii'k L‘lill'ord. Senator William Fulbright. and Walt
Rust on, Daniel Ellsbcrg gives his unique perspective on
tltc war.

I Ilt.‘ film was two yea rs in thcmtikiiig. with filming on
three continents and a cast of leaders and followers,

done and it but

.y/ioit-i/ig.

 

_——f

__..___——

by Bruce ('onnolly
Nobody (“an WIiit It‘orever-Alquh
(RC/\l

In tltc US. tltc rcal rock‘u' rollers
ill'L' the kids who dodged enough
rii/ots to \tll\l\L‘ high school. In
I' iiglaud thc tnuksuictillcd hyall the
littlc l)ti\cy t'oppcrliclds who got
ilicii knickcis hootcd otit ol art
school and their littlltL'\ bclorc they
Int siyiccu. lnl uropctlicy gitltitlll-
l\t'l\lly dicsscd in bulky sweaters
.uid dropout lust bclot‘c they earn
their cngiiicci'iiig dcgtccs. l\ccp|
\tillltflltlltls they don't diop out.

I llltlDL‘lllh Inukc giciit liltiis; they
tiiaikc gicut iilhum cinch: iiiiil with
tlicutiulity ol riiw tittithialsituiilaible
lot tliciii to tllil\\ oii llllill languid
dccudciicc. kinky sex. llill chum-
p.igiic. and ctyptop-lucisliil. they
ought yo \pcw tl|)\UlIlL'|1lL‘lL\ lusty
'iiisic. lhcy liiiycn‘t yct. |.iiiopctiit
lock is ctthci pure tcchnology or it
llltlltllltlll ol llubhy Anglo pop rind
lttl'clgll llllll soundtrack music.

the Dutch gtoup Altiiiiii takes its
name liotn tltc 15th century consent
that they use as It workshop.
I’tobathly the only iock gioup with
the some roots its Illt‘ Singing Nun.
\l.i\hc you might buy that It tlicy
chc Iiiiiktng
cctchial spititual technological
music. Miiybc. llut these guys ticl
ttkc tlicy‘ic icitl toughics. talking
about tins-kicking iinil rcyoliitioii
lltltl \Iilltltllllillltl passing it oil as lite.

thistcully that's tltc irotihlc with

\o/uuli (on Him I-‘ori'i'i'r. their

lirst Amcricitn release. It draws on
sotirccs that lhcy'\c liii‘gcly bccii
loiced to uncut thciiischcs. and it
shows. lhc lcyi spastic pokes .it any
kind ol emotional L'.\|)I‘L'\slttl\ sound
ctiiliiiiitisytugluliimc. llicti i'ootsiirc
tll Iiall-lctirucd lessons over tran-
sistor Iiidios. not in tlic sti'ccts. They
do itot Ilt't'tl to play rock'n‘roll,
Submit (an ll'oil l‘lll‘t'l't'l' eight
‘uiini—sy mpliouics‘ and not a dcceitt
hook in ihc lot. I-‘roiii the lyrich‘m
not cyeti clear on whether these

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 ﬁrethme—iwww.w . .

and Minds’: Provoking

\ictims and pcrpctratoi's. tltc strong and tltc weak.
Director ('o-I’roduccr l’clcr l)a\is. who also made
“Selling ot the Pentagon". sttysiil "llcartsiind Minds".
“It is a moyic about tltc war. It is neither pro or null-
American; it is an attempt to understand what we have

we liiiyc become. It is more

psychological that It political. and it is not it chronology
ot the war so much its at study ol people's leclings."

('o-l’roduccr licrt Schneider says ot "Hearts and
Minds". ' l his was not tltc kind of film that would go
away and hidc...l consider the film to be journalism
tinil...tt's us objeclhc a liltii us I know how to make. I
hate strong Icclings about u and tell tliiskind ot picture
could time a place.“

\IIII'.‘ llllt't‘l' lain! ( HII‘IlltI luls t'llllt I‘l/t‘t/ il.\ .\'/Imt int:
o/"lli'm'nmn/ "flu/A". I’Iiiirst/iIi'nrchI ll‘llll’t'lllt’tlllll'

 

linglis‘l-.

rciilly speak
()iily ihc Instrumental "Sunri.
tiom “\cw (iuiucii Sunrise“ is
pitsmihlt‘. \ot an illll'ill picture on
\c\\ (iiitnca. but passable.
"\\ licclchuir tiroupic" isyi orth men-
iioiiiiig. but only for tltc title. Evenn
little cruelty is something of It relief.
At lctist cruelly is It human quality.

Alipiin. l'hey‘re like going to the
senior prom with your cousin.
Sometimes it‘s just its much fun to
sixty home.

PAGE FIFTEEN

kiimiku Ies

  

 
 

 
   
 

 

J .

 

 

 

