  
  

 

a,» we when».

 

 
 

  
 

 
 

 

 

 
 
  

a

 

 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     

Bluefi‘lays Worth It
 Eleninu ; ' I f
 lite Jays -‘ Justin Hayward and

' John lodgewondon) ,
Z‘Amidst much- fanfare and -

hullaballoo. an album premiered
several weeks ago, Blue Jays by
Julio Hayward and John Lodge.
For ti: uninformed. they were the
two guitarists from the now defunct
Moody Bltzswho teamed up to try it
as a duo. Under the management of
Jerry Weintraub. who also handles
such artists as John Denver and
Frank Sinatra, the most expensive
promotional campaign in recording
history was kicked off. They rented
Carregie Hall and flew reviewers in
from all over the United States and
Europe jts “to bear the album.
Neither oft ' duo appeared on stage
or even stood up to acknowledge the
applause. mm”

The question is. does the album
necdsucha hard push .to rpakc itsell?
Being a professed Moody Blues
freak who still owns aworn outcopy
of Go Now, I was fully prepared to
hate the album as soon as i heard
about it. To my surprise. I liked it
very much; and to all those critics
who sigh “just another Moody Blues
album”. so what? What'swrong with
another Moody blues album and
besides. what youvcxpcct‘.’ We
always felt that Hayward and Lodge
Were the bands incst writers all
along. and Hayward was the only
one in tire band who could sing. so of
course the albumcouldn‘t sound any
different as far as style isconeerncd.

When they were Moody Blues.
l-layward and Lodge never wrote a
song together. However. on Blue
.lrtt's they co—wrotc two songs;
“Remember Me My Friettd‘~~the
single from the album~ and "When
You Wake Up". Both songs ltave a

‘ “ﬁnyw‘ma x"M"? bud

. *‘ Blaming.
.‘t;

      

flu

unique style of iih'eiri'own that is
different from,” nything ‘ else that
either had donerwith the band. W hilc
I liked every 'so'ng‘on the album to
some degree. " (the best cuts are
“Nights. Wiriicrs. Tears". a
Hayward composition that comes
very closetothc'qualily(it"Nightsin
White Satin” with the beautiful
vocals and the London Symphony
Orchestra in the background: “Sav-
ed by the Music." a Lodge composi-
tion that features the rocking guitar
work heard before on “I'm .lust A
Singer" front the St'l't'lll/l Sit/burn
album: and another Hayward cut
called “My llrother" that is assumed
to be about Mike l’indar. who is now
living in a Los Angclcs commune.
out of contact with the rest of the
group.

Ni a whole. the album is great to
listen to although the lyrics tend to
be rather weak—don't start looking
‘for any hiddctimeésagesiiheircaien’t
any. So if you're one of the remain-

 

ing Moody Blues freaks. run—don‘t
.walk—oind pick up acopy. And even
if you never really liked the Moody
Blues, wait for it to go on sale. it‘s
deli niter worth it. .

 

by Spence Raglo
and Matt Kaufman

Yesterdays-Yes (Atlantic)

With the success of their last US
tour and the generally favorable
reception given to Relaycr. Yes has
rushed out with Yesterdays. a collec-
tion of previously released tracks.
for a variety of reasons.

Rushed out. first ofall, is ajudgc-
ment made not on the basis of either
choice of material or production—
both of which are outstanding~—but
rather on the basis ofsome perhaps
trivial details. details that were

jumbled. A liner photo of Alan
White is included, even though
White plays on none of the tracks,
and the information regarding the
release of one of the cuts and Yes' se-
cond album is wrong.

But theseare only annoyances.
unimportant next to the music, and
Yesterdays is none the less welcome
for them. A collection of cuts from
the ﬁrst two albums. Yer and Time
and a Word along with “Dear
Fat her" (previously only available as
a single) and “America”. Yes‘
fascinating treatment of the Paul
Simon song that was previously only
a'ailabie on The Age afAt/antic. a
British import—as such Yesterdays
serves as anexccllent introduction to
early Yes. an unearthing for allthose
who discovered the group with
"Roundabout" and F ragilc. Some of
Yes' best work was done in their car-
ly. unknown days. and this album is
an insurance album. an attempt to
save their ﬁrst works from obscurity
by throwing a sampler into the
public eye.

Of course the commercial element
is alsoever-prcsentfl‘hcy wanttoscll
their product as much as anyone
else. But the inclusion of “lxar
Father“ and “America”. along with
the special attraction of another
Roger Dean album cover. are
enough for Yesterdays to stand on its
own artistic merits.

Cosmic Rock

by Spencer Ragglo
Crime of the Century—Supertramp
(A & M) .

The coming of Supertramp was
compared. in an inundation of
promotional hype. to the coming of
every superstar since Jesus Christ.
Whether or not they are even worthy
of all this attention has become
secondary to the concrete realities of
a successful tour and a successful
album.

Choosing a suitably cosmic
theme—the intolerance of
individuality—and incasing it in a
suitably cosmic package. Super-
tramp is making no secret of their
pretensions. What issuprising is that
all this extra-musical aid is con-
structed about a solid musical foun-
dation.

Supertramp is a group of versatile
musicians exerting varied influences
on a basic musical formula: the
crescendo. a slow simple exposition
of the lyrics" graduallyflowittginto a
highly melodic instrumental line that
is repeated. retraced and reinter-
preted at great length. The formula
works when the melody works.
which isn‘t always but often ettough
for Crime to hold interest.

 

 

Lyrics seem to be the weak point
of the group, although there are oc-
casional exceptions—«Hirlcirt Your
Shell. Ase/tutts—but for the most
part the group wisely concentrates
on the instrumental aspects oftheir
work. They harmonize beautifully.
which compensates somewhat for
the rough edges. lyrically.

Production of the album is
flawless. The responsible party here
is Ken Scott. the man at the controls
for Bowie and Mahavishnu. There is
an impression of fullness that cott-
trasts nicely with the sense of dis-
tance created by the concept and
style of Crime ofthc Century.

Although the songwriting talents
of Hodgson and Davies seem to
function best within the pattern they
have set for themselves. they touch
upon a wide variety of styles.
evading classification and aiding
rmss appeal. Supertram p isd cfinite-
ly a band with a future.

CAM I’U S
CONTH ACEII(I"TI0N

. .
l’ur tI/l/Hllllllllt'lll. til/l

457-3717

('tIIl/ldt'llll‘ll/l‘lll' assuri'i/

 

1m:

The alternative

filrnic experience 
ends its let year of providing an alternative

filmic experience with  .

The Exterminating Angel

plus:

the lost two segments of
The Adventures of Captain Marvel

FRIDAY, MAY 9 7:15, 9:45 LC—i

FREE!

WE WANT TO THANK ALL YOU FOLKS!
SEE YOU NEXT YEAR!!!

llllll/l’tf Itt' .tlllt/t‘lll association

 

 

 

1*

PAGE 6A

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MAY 9, 1975

 

  
 
  

 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

by Ron laGunrdla

He knew that if he d'dn‘t act quickly they would all die. it was the dog‘s
fault. He had knock ed over the two pots of planted seeds that the Gardener
bad sown so carefully. Luckily. his wife had shovelcd the spillage back i nto
the pots and in spite ofthedisruption they still grew. And nowit washis task
to transplan the seedlings so they could survive. Oh. they would grow to a
point wltcre they weren ow but the roots would get entangled and rob each
other of the precious water and nutrients in the soil.

Wit h skillful dexterity the (iardncr stink hissmnll spoon i ntothc earth and
pulled out two tiny plants. Already the roots were mixed but with a great
effort the Gardner managed to separate the delicate plants with tttost ofthc
root hairs still intact.

They werctransplantcd into a window box resting on the sill of his kitchen
window. There they had space between them and with plenty of water and
sunshine the plants were sure to bloom.

But as the Gardner worked he discovered that the roots of sortie had
become hopelessly intertwined. Some hadto be broken off a nd. wltilc hoping
against hope he lransp lantcd them anyway giving tltem at least achancc to
grow. ’

It took hours of work and more window boxes and soil that he had
expected. When the last petunia was planted he rested attd wondered h ow
many of them would survive. He wouldn't know until the summer was
wanting and the flowers were in full bloom. Of course sortie would never
survive the transplant and these served as a rcmittder to the (ittrdtler of his
l'allibility.

The description on the package said that tltcy \terc unnttals but ltc knew
someone whocould extract thetiny pctunittsccds before lheydicd intlte fall.

And next yea r when he p lanlcd t hose sccds he would ma kc sure to put them
ottt of the reach of the dog.

 

* ‘k HILTON'S SPRING SALE iv *

at colonic center

20% off list price of all guitars and bonios
with SUNYA ID

we have kalimbas and a
whole line of oak publications

459-551 6

 

 

by Richard Kelly 2:1 j . A

hunstn form

in the street I think ofyou. l think of how you don‘t
look at caclt other for fear ofnot seeing yourselves. lulso
look down. the thighs. hands. faces of strangers go unex-
into cracked mirrors you look
fragmented. disjointed. somehow amazing like that. I
think how much l want you. how much we need us

plorcd: projected

together.

Then i atntalking to Richard about long sound pieces:
We will play our musicover again and over again in this
space of ours. He says: nott-dcvelopmcutal. non-
climactic. non-directional. Do not listen intensely.
minutely over long periods of time. He is brooding on
alternatives to tltc structures we live by:! Pyri'mldlng

all situations into alientationz'

I am talking to Marcia. She is telling me why dancers
use musicthat leans tometo have little or nothing to do
with the dance. themovementof bodies. lsriy; if you only
need a rhythm, clap bands. bang on the floor. Why the
melodies. the harmonies. why Judy Collins. why John
Cage? Shcsays:mood:.We.standing in a room with the
huge mirrors ofthc studio. cannot escape our own im-
ages. We see exactly how we move. how graccless. how
beautiful. how ugly. We don‘t care; we move through.

lam beginning to stretch t e muscles of my legs on the
dance bar. movingin certain ways under guidance. poin-
tingthe toes. keeping the pelvisin line: human symmetry.

 

   

- trolydu. doyoucont'rolme. ordoerfearcorttrol asboth? :
Richardson to trierYouare free to come and gorD'on
carry the Weight of my creation, carry yourself. *

I think of, Kyle. and of MichaelJ am knovn'ng Ky
through our improvised ‘ on: conversations. and he ltthe'
piano and I play cymbals. when it falls after‘a long
crescendo he says: Now that‘s what I call a gesture. '
Michael through his seriousness makes no wrong move:
(even wrong ones being exactly right). We are trying to
get to that exactness: chance has changed so much since
Cage. would he recognize his piece? Probably . . . ‘

(Of course I think ofJanis in sunlight. andthe woman
with white hair: so hot. so cold; it will crack steel but J.

 

of course rises above. always always in allways)

And in the mud of Cold Mountain there is ofcourse
me. with my only failing (between the repeated double
bars forever): taking and taking.artd having only intensi-
ty and my sweet luck to give back I can tell you women
and men who need those things it‘s free this month: We
will return what we have needed from you on two soon-

co nting dates: Thursday. May IS in the Art Gallery we

Do | con-

will celebrate movement and growth with sunshine or
rain and newtape m usic by Richards Lainhurt and Kelly.
The concert is entitled-Memphis. Tenn.. 1937. Monday.
May l9 in the Lab theater of the PAC at 8:30 PM. we
celebrate self-determination for what grows on and
proves across sweet Earth with a concert called Saigon
(for the Vietnamese people and everyone else).

Film Exposes Opium Trade

by 'l‘. C. Nattell

“The Opium Warlords" is a
documentary film about the politics
of opitttn tlutt exist in tile Shun
States. an administrative ttttit of
llurtna currently in a state oilin-
surrcction. It is believed by sortie
that close to a third of the world's
opium that is procwscd into heroin
originates from this arett.

Journalist attd film maker Adrian
Cowcil, catncraman Chris Mengcs
and researcher Lucy Harrington
produced this film at the invitation
of the Shan State Army which
derives rich profits frotn the opitun
tradciuthe area. Cowelland Mengcs
spent Ill months filming differcttt

aspects of the Shah States environ-
ment. concentrating on tltosc most
important for understanding the
processes of opium production and
trade.

The results of this work were an
excellent documentary of the area
and the proposition of a multi-
million dollar dope deal through
which some naive deeisiott-nutkers
in 1 his country believe they can deal a
severe blow to the amount of heroin
that will enter the Uttitcd States in
future years.

The film gives a p ictoriul account
of the feudal political situation that
exists within S! .m States as well as
its atteutpt toscceed frotn Burma. It

 

 

Remselaer Union Jazz Night Club presents:
Lou Solott
(formerly willt liloorl. Sweat & Tears)

in the Renssehter Union McNeil Room
Friday, May 9 at 8 pm

Admission:$l.00 for students
Si! .50 for tion-students

 

 

 

May 14,

 

The SUNYA )azz Society
presents

8:30 I’M

in the CC cafeteria
TREE!

lulu/ml Ill .llltt/t'lll tllttlt'ltlllttll

SllC at Plattsburgh Stage Band

under the direction of Billy Hawkins

 

 

MAY 9, 1975

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

portrays the continual struggles and
shifting alliances that occur as the
warlords and their armies attempt to
control the opium trade in this
region. it gives one a view of a
political situation that is in a cott-
tinual state of upheaval as leaders
andartnics riscand fallin thcproccss
of attempting to reap the profits of
opium. The lil m also mark es clear t he
economic dependence of the
peasants in this region upon the
growing of opium poppies.

The film is perhaps most impor-
tant as a backdrop tfgainst which t lte
absurdity of a cttrrcnt move by
Lester Wolff. chairperson of the
House Subcommittee on Narcotics.
becomes clear. He has proposed tltc
buying of 400 tons of opium for
about 30 million dollars frotn a s mall
handful! of tltc warlords who are
battling to control the opium trade.
The political repercussions of such a
deal becomes obvious as one views
the film. lltc tnoncy will inevitably
be transformed into military
machinery that will allow these few
warlords to expand their control of
the opium wltile at the same time
bringing into even greaterjeopardy
the already shaky solidarity of the
llttrmcsc state. It could provide tltc
seeds for tie expansion of another
lndtrChina conflict.

the Wolff proposal would not
only feed the fires of anotlter
Southeast Asia conflict. it would
also fail to solve the prohlcnt it was
designed for: “l'hc Heroin
Problem." it will fail beutusc it
focuses on the problctn as a result of
the availability of the drug rather
than the product of tltc total social
environment. The money which ltas
been proposed for this project would
be put to much better use if it was
used to institute new programs and
research iii the urban environments
where heroin use is ubiquitous. The
potentialities of a program similar to
that instituted in Great llritittncould
also be seriously considered. The
strategy Wolff proposes in Shan
States is basically the same as that
tried in turkey. It has been tested
attd proven a failure. New strategies
must he tested that confront the real
problems underlying heroin use,

The film was introduced by David
lici ngold. director ofthc Institute for
the Study of Human Allah's. He is
familiar with theKarea through
his own research,  "is com-
twttit-sdslsstw.the! emit und dint-n-
sious of "'lhc Opium Warlords“.

PAGE 7A

 

 

   
     
 

