   
 

 
 
     
     
      
 

 

 

 
     
      
     
        
          
     

   
    
   
  
  
   
    
  
 
   
    
 
 
   
 
   
   
    
   
  
     
   
    

 

 

 

   Nam involvement

ﬁmtefodbrﬂeuef'mmﬂ

guest to Conymformorea’dto in-
by Peace Project. but: plagiarized
the fact dial! tbereappun tobelitde
real .W from  civi'hns .or
whims :for the :16“ government
of Nguyen Van M in Saigon.
proﬁting that 3 additional aid were
giveu‘tbcxemﬂbeatieamﬁftyw
one hundred thousand more
dmha"

Don Luce in: been recopizd as
a leading (gave in the antiwar
mart for many ywu and a
decided opponent of all Amerian
inwlvmnmt in Indochina. In I970
helcd a group r)an peopleto
South Yttrium to mvemytte the
treatment of winners held in the
‘tiger cages” on Con Son iektnd. Ad-
dressing this rsuue. he pointed out
that a aubstanml portion of the
money that was used in constructing
the tiger cages was actually diverted

 

admin-hunt tﬂlthecorv
pontiul of Raymond. Marian.

WMMHM'

mWaWme
buildBHnew'ieolaﬁoucellf‘vbia
weretébemeod‘m‘mgmd nu-
comfortable h the original tip
up. This move game after the
Saigmpvmthadannounwd
thutheywereeﬂiinatingthanﬂh

  

amid thiamine rakm by Ford.
rat-taming tht the ﬁr! air“! of
“amateurs-evacua—
eatd to bySouth Vianmeae of-
ﬁr‘nk. When a“ if be may:
then: actirms mull be M
“limppr 'mefba. hequoted a
Vietnamese friend as nyiig to
Amerizns. “You've hombd our
with”. defoﬁted our rice ﬁelds.
and tic-you're tal‘mgourdtiklren."
,, . .

 

resultofhis’ I73. , _.
was the hook. Home: of Wu:
Saigon? [bifocal Pn'xnen, co-
amhoeﬂ wit lichen Brown.
Mud of Lia's speedr was con—
corned rib the retreat "Operation
Babyrrtt‘ to moon South Viet-
nmesorphml totbeUnitd States
foradoption. but: ﬂaw! that bed'll
believe Amerinm‘ motives for
adopting were good'but fared that
omthey havegrown up in the Um
itcd States. there native Vietnamese
childrm will be disturbed by anti‘
Asian surmount hereand a lack of
cultural identity or national roots.
He also pointed out that the Minister
of Social Welfare in South Vietnam

1 ‘ _, la a , * put
brtbbylev.PanlSmitbofChapl
Hon-e concerning the role of the
roof. in thehu fouryunand their
animal of the Vietnam dilution.
Lou now tht many journalists
havebtai keptotuoftbecountryby
Thief; government and that if the
networks should “raise hard
questions” concerning our involve-
mait there, they would likely be
bhmed by Premier-it Ford for an
"Amerirzn loss" in Vietnam.

Closing with a poem by Alan
Ginsberg. Luce encouraged students
to operllydemonstrate theiranlivwar
or anli—aid sentiments as they had in
the past.

Few Referrals Made by Inﬁrmary

hyMar‘la Abr-n

While the Strident Health Service
has several specialists on its staff
(including cardiologists,
gynecologists and psycilologists).
suxients must be referred to doctors
in the community for such services as
x-rays, dental and eye tare.
neurolog, or surgery.

Dr. Janet flood, director of Stu-
dent Health Service. states that
“there ls a very low patient referral
rate of two percent (not including x-
rays) and these cases are rent to only
hiyrly qualified doctors in the corn-
munlty.” She added that all ofthese
doctors associated with the universi-
ty an: on the staff of the Albany
Medical Center, although many
have their own private ofﬁces.

According to Dr. Hood, the infir-
mary will treat certain emergency
cases, such as eye problemr,and will

make sure a "tandem receives
spec-tamed care within a twenty-four
hour period. The individual physi-
u'an at the inﬁrrnary usually selects
the specialist, unless the patient has
established contact with an Albany
doctor, as in the case of commuter
students."

'The inﬁrmary will make all
referral appointments for patients."
says Dr. Hood, to provide treatment
as soon as possible. In addition to
the problems of getting an appoint-
ment, she comments that “many
doctors in the community will not
show the same interest in student
patients (who are often considered
'transient') as in their regular
patients. In contrast, outside
specialists afﬁliatcd with the Student
Health Service have expressed a
gen uine interest in the students at the
university.”

Most referrals are for GI series
( xvrays for ulcers), orthopedics,
routine dental and eye care. head in-
juries and other major injuries or il-
lness. according to Dr. Hood. The
Student Health Servit: “urges
students to carry Student Health In-
surance. which is designed to cover
the costs of outside medical con-
sultations. major surgery and
medicine." Dr. Hood estimates that
“only halfof the student population
carries this policy.”

 

The PrevLaw Society plans to
offer a LSAT review course star-
tingthisfall.Sirnilartocommercial
courses costing S75 and more. the
course will cost 520 to those with
Fax airds. 525 without.

Students can register today from
ISO to 390 pm. in the CC lobby,
or through the I’m-Law Society.

 

 

 

$333719W$%%%%%%%%ﬁ$ﬁﬁ%ﬁﬁﬁﬁ%ﬁ»ﬁ$ﬁﬁﬁﬁ

small $.15

soft pretzels

$3§§§$§ﬁ§§§§§k $¥¥¥§§§§§k X§)’D’)

PAGE TWO

You Asked for It

Jeff Doctorow
Back by popular demand @cnc Crm All©
pitcher $1.00

New York style Surprises and souvenirs

@cnc Crm Ale Night?

at .
Th© R©liliu5lk®llll©rf [Pub Campus Center
Thursday, April l7th at 7:30 pm

Entertaining you with “Pcpulcr .lczz”
Gary Rosenberg “Numeric”

“Noon Pork"

large $.25

$.l5

Sc [Don’t miles this cool

Tbcyhc grill rollban occur the lcstllll
M:crane:are.cccccccccmwmacccﬁccacrace:- .

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

another

Jim Caiello “chll"

from “©orrny"

ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬂﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

ﬂiﬁ

 

 
 

BRIEFS

0‘” by Our" m d DUI I“

MANILA (A P) - U.S. Ambassador William Sullivan pve assurances that
the Pbil'pp'ltea’ "bd foreign friend is still the Unitd States.“ This came one
day after the Philippines announced a review of its mutualddense agreement
with America.

HINOM PERI-l; Mil (AP) - Heavy ﬁﬂlﬁng broke out early
Monday as Khmer Rouge rebels drove to within a mile of the highway from
Phnom Peril to the airport that is this city‘s oulylink with the outside it orld.
Government reinforcements fought rebel troops band-to-band Monday in a
hstditdt effort to item the insurgent drive that has penetrated into the
outskirts of Phnom Path, ﬁeld reports said.

    

DUILIN, WMP) - The United States‘ major Europnn allies are
worried about recem setbacks to U.S. foreign policy -especially in Southeast
Ash and the Middle East -but they indimted ' at a weekend meeting of
Common Market foreign minister! that Europe is their ﬁrst concern.

The two-day " , meeting .. ' ‘ the C L " debacle. u hul
Europeans see as the imminent collapse in South Vietnam. the failure of
Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger's recent peace shuttle between Egypt
and Israel and the move to the left by Portugal's military govemmcnl

 

SAIGON (AP) - South Vietnamese forces, inﬂictai damaging blinks on
North Vietnamese and Viet Cong forces at Xuan Loc, gateway to theeuplml.
and on other fronts, the Saigon command says.

SAIGON (Al’) - Premier Nguyen Ba Can named .l mu
government and said it would receive cooperation from foes cl Pmluuu
Nguyen Van 'l'hieu. However. some Thieu opponents immcdmlclx
denounced the new cabinet.

There was no immediate reaction to the new government in thilLlLA‘l‘
from the Communist side. However. the Viet Cong havedcclared rcpculcdl)
they will not take part in moves aimed at ending the ﬁghting by ncgtlllul'ulh
unless Thieu quits or is removed from office. Thicu has replied [hut hc mll
ncvcr accepta coalition that would include the Viet Cong. and has \ uqu ht-
will stay on as president.

WASHINGTON (AP) - Former Treasury Secretary John B. Conntlll)
denied emphatically and categorically Monday that hccver took a pa) oil Iul
helping get an increase in mild price supports.

“It did not,“ said Connolly to the question of whether such a brihc cm
took place. Connolly‘s chief accuser, Jake Jacobscn, has testiﬁed that lhc
three-time Texas govcmor asked him for the money in return for help in
getting the price supports hiked in I97l.

WASHINGTON, N.C. (AP)- Attorneys for Joanne Little, 3 black Wonllln
inmate accused of killing a whitejailershe said was trying to rape her, argued
for dismissal of charges Monday on grounds that thejury selection process to
Bmufort County excludes blacks. Miss Little‘s attorneys said at a prclrlill
hearing that the grand jury which indicted her for first-degree murder was
defective because blacks are excluded from serving in this eastern North
Carolina county where whites are in the majority.

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - The state comptroller's ofﬁce said Monday thllt
nonproﬁt nursing homes, favored by sortie as the answer to abuses in the
state's nursing home industry, actually cost more to operate and appear to be
less efﬁcient than the highly criticized privately owned facilities. Most of the
controversy over the industry. which receives hundreds ofmillions of dollars
of public support each year, has revolved around alleged ﬁnancial and
patient-service abuses by operators of private nursing homes. the audit
report noted.

ALBANY. (AP) ~ Gov. Hugh Carey urged more lower-income Nell
Yorkers to app y‘ for food stamps Monday, and ordered the establishment ill
a tclcphonc "hot line" to help them ﬁnd out ifthey are eligible. The governor
said us many as a million residents of the state are eligible for the food stump
t‘issislancc. which is funded by the federal government, but have not applied
or It.

The eligibility requirements for food stumps vary with such fuctors its
income. housing cosls and medical costs. Depending on those factors. and
eligible family could pay anywhere front nothing to S l 30a month to buy food
stamps wifh a cash value of Sl54.

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - A legislative committee investigating the
operations of the state Correction Commission, which has been llCCusL‘tl of
“toning down" critical reports ofjail conditions. has subpoenaed conﬁdential
commission reports on several oounlyjuils. The state Senate Committee on
Crime and Correction opcns public hearings next Monday on the activities oi
the Correction Commission, the slate ugcncy responsible for inspecting state
and local correctional facilities throughout New York.

BUFFALO (Al') - A defense luwycr cllurgcd Monday that governmcnl
spying on the dcfcruic wullprcjlulicinl to his client. llcrnurd Stroblc. accused
of killing it fulluw prisoner during the l‘l'll Attica prison revolt. Justice
Joseph S. Mllttiull of Stale Supreme Court agreed to hear rlrgumcuts
Wednesday on the motion by Iluywuod Burns, one of Stroblc‘s lltwycrs.

LOS ANGELES (AP) - l‘rcdric March, who guvc up it career lll banking
to become one of America's grcrltcsl trctors, died Monday ill 77. For more
than half a century, March pursued ll curccr ofcrttrunrdiullry distinction orl
slugc turd scrccrr.

APRIL 15,1975

 

Studehfs.

“merely okay »-what happened
 wednesdny; they‘ll probably be no
‘ reforms this year. . .l'm sick with
put to cooperate with each other. An Beifezct‘s illegal ruling. I‘m willing to
illustration of this took place last see extra-legal action.
Wednesdlry at the FSA Board of demonstrations, takenugulnstFSA.
Directors meeting. Others saw it differently. Hartley
Previously Central Council belieVCS equal representation
Chairperson Lew Fidlcr and FSA (undergrad and graduate students
lrmml Member Rick Mcckler hud presently make up half the
suggested! reforms. among which nichchhiP) has Worked We“ in
were: helping to curse FSA‘s orlcc huge
Closure of the barbershop if it dclicit. And Dcun Brown dcnicd lhc
continues to losc money ’ new committee was it stalling
Giving sludcnls hiring priority I muncuver. adding "Wt: shouldn‘t
in FSA operations slumpcdc change. A committee
-- illrcr misc prices or cur scr- needs four weeks to do it thorough
vices in the l’tltrootl Room to th-"
climinulc losses Attitudes (nwurd Norbert lehm.
Amend FSA hy-luwsloprovidc the FSA Dirt-cum sccm bllsic lo lur-
for an undergrad majority on the dcrslrrlrding how members viclv
FSA Board of Directors chlrcsduy‘s events. Sonic students
The last item was (0 be discugscd like Hmvic Grossmun. \vho hilckcd
ul Wednesday's rncering_ when; Hllr'tlcy und llcrrczct in the voting.
Vice-President I-lunlcy proposed pruisc lulslcrily mcusurcs Zulrm llus
suiting up n cmnmincc lodiscusg by. ulrctldy instituted and pcrllupsdon‘t
law changes ilr gCIICl‘tll. l.c\v Filllcr hCllCVC I‘Urlllcr Chilngc is it” lliill
suw this us it but'cllucrlllic device of “flier” 0“ ’WCCSSHT)’- Sllldcm ilﬂd
nunrly evading (he muc‘ and llou rd mcmhcr Rick Mccklcr.
ctrllmcrpmpnsud u committee 10 however. fllllS to see how somc like
outlinc spccil'ic changes ill the lam“ Cil" "ii-USO 10 "CWT" Will”
lllL‘mhcl‘ship (mm-d, President Mccklcr considcrs to bc obviously
llcncrcl r'tllcd tlrc lilllcr' suggestion .ll'Sl FL‘liH‘mh- And hc hillsls lhc
out of older. saying it would ctlllsc :1 WWW" llll' {ﬁlling ‘0 i'“l'fm’t‘ “W
dc l'nclu illegal “(reunion 01‘ (he by- main funcliul. of FSA. uumt-l) loud
lmvs, scr\'icu."lelrlrl tllliurs lic‘s ncvcr
llcncrcl‘s ruling was upheld uud ctltcu ll bud Clllclcl'lil mczll.‘ suitl
Hurtlcy‘s motion passed. MCCle'I'Sill'Ci|5llCﬂ“)'~
Mccklcr und othch :ll‘culsucx-
uspcrulcd by tltc SO-(‘illlud stalling
ltlctics. "At the, pl‘lttl' meeting we
rcalcllcd llgrccmcnl on the student
majority issue. Then chncsduy
they come in and say they want to
think it over!"

by Edward Maser ’ _ '
lt‘s often lamented that students,
faculty and administration are hard

        

 

li‘idler Outraged
l.cw liidlcr was outraged with tllc
mcctlng's results:
"We came into the meeting willing to
compromise, illld tlrcy just walked
till m'cr us. . .this new committee will

Mug-A-Thug Spurs Student Interest

(CPS) A school in Maryland has found it new incentive to spur students on
to lrighcr grades: beating up the professor. Mug-u-Thug lOl lSil sclf—dcfcsnc
course ill Towson Stutc College‘s phys cd dcprlrtmcnt. cspccizrlly popular
with \\ omen students.

“ The reason we‘re here is to [cum to hurt sumcon." salid one sltldcnt in the
class. 'l'llc instructor, 23-year-old cx-(irccu llcrct Murk Snyder. explained
that the midterm only luch five minutes illld anOlVCSll student dropping by.
lighting llrc professor rind gelling gl‘udcd on how effectively ltc or she
ussllultcd him,

Despite protests from anti-violent faculty members. the onlycusulllty since
the course begun three years ago has been Snyder himself. An overzealous
female student oncc broke his toes.

In the final CXlllll students must attempt to overcome two attackers at lliC
sumc timc. Punching. us well us gouging. kickingund hair-pulling is not only
ullowcd but cxpcctcrl. Snyder. once ujudo and kurutc instructor. has run the
clilss us infumrully us possible. Rather thrlrr teaching the complexities of
Oriental rnurliul rlrls. llL‘ ' id be stick‘ to ll ' ‘ fstrcct fi'htin'

            
   
   
     

     

      
 
     

 
 

JSC- $5.00

  
  

Jewish Students Cocllitllcn is smearing @s

w/tax- $7.00

 “mama...” :....:..

       
     

 

  
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

    
   
   
       
      
     

‘\  iv _

kuoljn

The suggested reforms of Central Council Chairperson Lew Fldler and Council member Rlclt‘“

Meckler (left) for FSA turn to naught.

n

ACT: Computerized Objectivity

('UllIfllllt'tljl‘tllll Ilrlllt' ("lt‘
playing "supcr'ior touching skills“
dcscrvc recognition illld con-
gl'zltttllllions' from the University
('ornrrrrlnily. In order to lltrtlcrsltlnd
\vlry students rutc thcsc professors so
highly. tllc lop fivt- professors from
cucll of the two lists were rlskctl the
question. "\Vlllrl is your tcuclling
philosophy?" The top teachers and
their rcspollscs llppcur bclow ill
illpllilbcllcill ordcr:

l’clcr Cocks MMAI255 (Allcrr
Comer) I

“My principlc tllltl is tltc same us
that of it good artist: to make the
familiar unfamiliar. and there by to
increase our understanding of
ourselves and our rclllliollship with
the world it round us. 'l’lrus. l \Hllll to
teach students the am of critical
thinking. not simply for flu: sukc of
criticism. but fol'lhc sukc ol'pr‘tlduc-
ingrl dcccllt world ill which to live. I
tukc it llltll ill tlriscl'fort tllcstudcnts.
ultllougll lhcy do not always bclicvc
it. touch ll‘lL‘ sonrcllllng us \vcll, so
that we are mutually lrtlnsformcd in
lllc process of education."

'George Frangos M MA |25()
(Allen Center)

“My philosophy of tcuchiug'.’ A
strong mix of respect and critical un-
derstanding of my subject and my
students set within a dcmocrulic and
human place like SUNY Albany

‘ \

   

Trip to Mcnbcrrcn to see

“RAUSHN”

Sundcy. April 2© (matinee show)
Lunch provided

[tics leave at 9:45 am from the Circle (between Colonial and State)

@©§ﬁ’g (includes ticket, lunch, and round trip transportation)

wo/tox- $9.00

Allen Cclllcrt"

Joseph Roach
('l’llculcrl

“A university curlstillllcs rt corn-
murrity lllL' "numbers of “Iliclr ill’C
bound by tlcllczllc tics of rcciproctll
curiosity. A lcuclrcr's profession is
tllc conveyance of thought. like an
clcclric current. from the rcpnsitory
of his own mind. continuously
rcplcnisllcd by study urld reflection.
to ll dcslinulion ill tllc minds of
Olllcl's. A lcrlchcr must fll'SI nulurc
curiosity. founded on u love of his
subject. ill himself. A lllpsu of
curiosity. ll fllltcrlug of intellectual
curry. 0 r :ur accidental outburst of
indillerclrcc \vlll interrupt the flow of
thought from mind to ulilrtl lllld. ut
lCiIsl lnorlrcnlllr'ily. scvcr tltc bonds
of lclll'lllllg. 0n (.lil)’.\\\'llt.'ll any one of
the uhch clllulllitics hclllll mc und
tlrcrc ill‘t‘ such duys l llrlvc fltilcd.
()n tlrlys when I rlllllulgc lo uvoid
such culllmilics lllilvc done my
job."

A'l llR2()7

lllclen Saffurd E ll U S4lll
(Business Education)
“Several factors of prime impor-
tultcc in my philosophy of tcucltill
l. (icnuinc illlcrcst und cuthusiusrrr
for lcalclring and llrc subject mutter
being luughl one must wunl to
touch. to work with lllld guidc others.
2. Rucognl/c sludan us

  

[um/ml In i/mll'll/ fl.\.\0l'flllltlll

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

individuals one must view his
students as people uud interact with
them rlccordilrgly. 3. Dedicated cum-
mitnrcnl lo ull zlspccls of lllc respon-
sibilitics of tcuchirrgrrouc must be
willing to rcully work lll (ll’dL‘rlO prc-
mm the course conch during UilCll
class scssiolr in such it murmur lllill
sllldcllls \\lll lL‘lll'll. understood and
th\L'l0p concepts ilntl skills as ll
r'csull ol' lcucllillg.“

James SymunsVl HRMI ('l'lrclltcr)

"My ilpprtlllCll lu lctlt‘llillg is not
busctl on (I cullscicutuusly for-
mulzltctl philosophy. However. it is
my bclicl' than the best tcllching is
lllllt \vlliclr slimllllllcs sltldcnl in-
terest in thc .NlllijL‘CI \\'c|l beyond the
inlmcdilltc requirements of tlrt‘
cutlrsc. In [his cud. | fch it is morc
important! In pose lllt.‘ l'lglrl questions
lllcn lo pl'midc lhc srcccpltlblc
:lnsu'crs."

Donald l’rukkctl Cl.(i|(l| ((ircck
('lllssics)

Some ycurs ltgu (iilbcrt Higllct of
Columbia University \\'l'0lC il book
L‘Illillcd 7710 AN u/‘Tcm-Iling . 11
“as lrllllslulcd into modern Lircek.
lts (ircck lillc. ll‘ullslulul back into
English. is Illlll' In Tl'tll‘ll. , The
original English title is better.
[catching is iln on than is not to bl:
lrlrrslcl'cd h_\' following my one
prescripliuu. 'lcllcllcrs irl tlll liclds
Sllill’L' ccrluin “(mil-able quulitics
\vluclr hurguun “till llgc and c.\-
pL'I'lL'llL'L' and it little luck.
Muriu lycll l’()l.l(l| (l’uli‘sh-
Lihl'urll I

I respect my sludcrr.s us in-
divltlullls. The theory of grammar.
‘Isuully viewed as dull and
monotonous can turn out 16.; be
delightful with maximum efforts by
botll Sludcnls llllLl the instructorin-
lcnvm‘cn with lzrughlcr and humor
illl used towards the learning of u
language. One cannot be afraid of
vcrntlculur. slung or colloquiulism in
the classroom. Students can b
lrllordinurily perceptive.
brilliunlonesflzltlcrmv urol . .

continued on [Mile/f;fo

 
    
      
   

Perish Vlriton of Mary bunioeuléte

Willa
\';euhoti 5mm Ilil Walton Ave Irene Ni V. IN"

PAGE THREE

     
   
   

 

 

        

