 
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  

Tuesday. Fobiua ry 25, 1975

.righten

his tinest game as a (treat Dane with his fine board work and all arourtd play.
Everyone pitched in under the boards. Mike Supronowicr .who is only six
feet.was able to snare 6 rebounds. one more than Mc’l'aw.

Albany‘s tertaciotis zone defense was never better. as the Danes forced
Brockpo rt to take tltc lower percentage outside shot. Albany was able to shut
off IIrockport‘sstargtiards. Dan and Mike I’anaggio.asthey wereheld to II

and 13 points respectively. Last year. Dan killed the Danes in the ECAC
tournament. “We were otrt to get him tonight.“ said Suprunowiex after the
gatne.

'l'he Dancs‘ offense was equally effective as Albany shot 52% from the
ﬁeld. The team was able to work for rttarty close in sltotsand the longer shots
were dropping.

l'hc Danes knew that their season was on the line. Albany was in the
lockerroorn almost two hours before gatne time. as they were really psyched
for the contest. This cottpled with a jamined uttiversity gyrit complete with
banners. horns and bells made the psyche even greater.

I he Eagles were able to take art early five point lead. but were not able to
pttll away. Mc‘l'aw of Brockport artd Eddie .Iolirtson provided muelt of the
early scoring punch. Morphis‘ two buckets brought the Danes back to within
one and Bob Audi‘s basket gave Albarty its first lead of the game at 22-21.
Brockport and Albany took turns holding the lead the rest of the half. as the
game went back and forth. Dan I’anaggio‘s bucket with four seconds left.
game lirockport a 33-.‘ll half-time lead.

The big qtiestiott was whether the Danes cotild sustain their attack for

room."

At a press conference held that
afternoon. Boyer said “It‘s our tiri-
derstanding that necessary revenue
will not be achievable if rent and
board rates remain as they are."
Boyer went on to explain that he had
no intentions of making any
recommendations on this subject to
the Trustees at the present time.
Boyer said that Wednesday‘s Board
meeting. which. according to SASU
President Dan Koliane, was thetirst
formal briefing of the Trustees on
next year's budget. was intended
only as a means of informing them
about the issues at hand. No indica—
tion was given as to when the rent
issue will begrcsolved.

After a closed morning session.
Chancellor Boyer and the Board of
Trustees met with student govern-
ment representatives in order to dis-
cuss the more salient issues con-

wliat is already the most expensive
state-supported system of higher
learning in the country. Boyer failed
to give sufficient explanation for the
apparent incongruity between his
proposal for generating necessary
revenues attd Governor Carey‘s firm
commitment to low-cost education.

Carey has made his feelings clear;
“It mrrst be the State. not the
students, who hear the burdens of
Higher Education in New York
State.“ he has said. By making
SUNY one of few exceptions to an
overall no-gnowth State budget.
Carey demonstrated that he was not
just giving lip service.

Boyer reacted to this by saying. “I
think that does retiect priorities,“
stressing at the same time that a
balance between philosophical and
programmatic considerations must
be sought.

When the budget came out this

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

aroma/195'

m
it's nor WORTH it

About 250 SUNY students demonstrate against board hike In tront at tho Carnogio Contor.

revenue could not be raised by other
means. lit a meeting with
Kirkpatrick. Veilette denied having
requested a rent increase.

Other issues students expressed
concern about included a
recommendation by the University
committee on Auxiliary Services
that student membership on FSA
boards of directors by limited to
40%. The effectiveness this would
have in improving the ﬁnancial sta~

 

tus ofFSA‘s throughout theState
has been questioned. Here at
SUNYA. for example. students have
composed 50% of theBoard of
Directors for several years now.
Although otherifactors were un-
doubtedly involved. some chose not
to excuse as coincidental the fact
that FSA began its reversal of along
downwardtrend soon after students
obtained an equal membership on
the Board.

 

I”.

In response to queries related to
this matter. Boyer again described
the agony of trying to walk “that im-
possible middle ground." Boyer said
that. in forming policies related to
the FSA matter. he is attempting to
strike a balance between "continuity
of management" and sufficient stu-
dent representation.

Chairman' of the' Board of
Trustees Elizabeth Moore was also
continued on page/bur

  

 
  
 
 
  

a e 
‘t‘ .
r i o .. , . __ g I
‘1 '.  l, .- . . I a . .51 
i .3 by Bruce Manta _ ' r . ‘ , r - - ’ ' . - y L I ‘9
i i  Brockport State. New York's top ranked Division II and III team cameto . . . V V _. V
.  town Saturday night. hoping to wrap up the SUNYAC crown and gain some v - . . _ . ’ ‘ A
t . ' momentum for the NCAA Playoffs. But they were denied that as a 0    n 
if  courageous Albany State basketball team put on a fantastic display ofteam _ ~ I _ J
 work to defeat the Golden Eagles. 72-67. before a packed house of delirious - I g I m
{3 fans. ‘ 3’3 A ‘ i i ' ' ' ' “ﬁg 
"' . . by Betty Stein , During the press conference. ‘ ‘ L . ﬁr .
t . I ‘ h g
I  i ‘ All eyeswdl be focused on Brockport tonight. asBuffalo Statetakeson the SUNY Chancellor Ernest Boyer Boyer Stressed “m [here has not  m" a? J a  2t
 1. L (“Mm Eagles- .A “warm” 1.055 would Ewe Albany a" “mom” NCAA and the SUNY Board of Trustees been an increase in room rates since a? i’ “i ‘e' -;-f
t,   bid. An Eagle Victory would give Brockport the SUNhYAC and would force me! in New York Chy last Wednes_ I972. He went on to Poim out that. a"
a the Danes to depend on an tit-large bid to get into t e tourney. d“ . j I . . h . _ 4)“! V .
g z u ' u . ‘ . .yamtdst rumors that therewrll be stnce t at time. cost per
i  .  ‘33“er ‘1 NCAA bid. stud Doc Sauers after the game- “We are I2-4 :1 state-wide rent increase at SUNY maintenance of the dorms has risen . i
 in Dwrsion III play. No otherteam. beside Brockport.hasa better record in Schools. About 250 students from about 5100‘ Boy" questioned the (I A
 "u" rcg'on‘" various State schools held a s irited sa acit of com ellin v the State to ‘
.. s. ,_ . . . p s y p t. _
i “I? “my ‘hc Dime“ Played Saturday “Mild 5’0 it IONS Wily "1 CONVmcmglhe but peaceful demonstration in front continue subsiditation of housing at
selection committee that Albany deserves a bid. The key to Saturday‘s game of the meeting place. shouting its present level. ‘ .
was Albany‘s abtltty to outrebound Brockport. The Eagles had 6‘8" Kevin slogans ttnd carrying picket signs By raising the cost of on-campus ’   ("alibi i 13
Williams and 6' i" I’ops Me'l'aw'butthe Danes provedthatskill works better hearing such inscriptions as, “We‘ll housing, the Chancellor would be  -. Hum; ‘ it
than height. asthey constantly boxed out Iirockport. Toni Morpliis played lower the boom if you raise the effectively increasing the price of , I i ‘

 

 

 

,anothcr half in this pressure cooker basketball game. Last year.Albany was I ' .' I riected with next year’s proposed year. there was a discrepancy of . . f
tied with Hr‘ttckpot‘t at halftime. only to be blowrt out inthe second half.The Above -Eddie Johnson getseaught toran otlonltvo ' budget. Singling out Kohnnc, the several million dollars between the   e l , i

 

drives around two Irocltport

 

Abovo ~:Poto Koala

  

  
 
  
 
 
 
 

; defenders. Below -Bob Audi and Dave Lanahan same thing happened this year against Sientt. But the Danes refused to fold Ioul as he drives into Pops McTaw. Be|ow - AUdI Chancellor later commented that his amount of money the Budget Com- ‘
. and they put it to Brockport iii the second halt". ‘_ an". “a mum nun“ "I. 5"". mg “m”. knowledge and that of the Trustees rnittee expected SUNY to come up . . ,
. With Albany running. Saprunowic/ was able to hit two driving layups to .i', ' ~; .L was “enormously enhanced" by stu- with and the amount of money the       ‘1
,v give Albany a slim 2 point lead. I-‘orthe next l2mintttes the Danes cltrrigto 7‘ V dent representatives who par- Chancellor felt could be generated. . 'j
their lead. The best Brockport could do wastie. but Albany would come right ' ticipated in the meeting. SASU According to Boyer. this can be ex- Hi
back with some cltiteli shooting to re-take the lead. delegate Linda Kaboolian attended plained by the fact that. implicit in by Bruce Maglln goal. as his teams have been chasing give the Danes some exposure to the 
Thu Dunes wcrc lending 5663 when [he mm. kmde like h mighlcuvc in the session on SUNYA's behalf. theBudget Committee's higher cs- Doc Saucrs ﬁnally got the magic the elusive NCAA bid since I969. rowdy Brockport fans. These fans i
“in Curry h“ a driving layup and “m fouled “c mmcd mg mu! dun bu; Followmgtbe sesston wrtlt student ttmate is the assumption that a rent phone call Tuesday‘night. bringing the only other yearthe Dancsplayed could be rooting for the Danes
Mc'law w'ts fouled under the boards liepat initwo l'reethroas'ind with 5'29 government. Boyer ventured outsrde increase Will be implemented. lttm news he has waited stx years to in the NCAA tournament. against the Saints so they could seea
‘. . " . ‘ " . , ‘ ‘ foratace-to-faee confrontation with SASU Vice-President Bob hear. The Albany State basketball Albany willplay St. Lawrence Un- Brockport-Albany rematch the
1 remaining the Dimes “icxgsuuduniyduw” by“ Pmni‘ A m'sscd Aihuny Shm the protestors. In the course of Kirkpatrick claimsthatthis isnot so. team wasinvitedto participate in the iversity in the first game Friday following night.
\ gave the ball back to the Eagles. It there was evera ttrne Albany should have responding to their qucslkms' he in_ According ‘0 him, Sm“: Budget Ex_ Division In Eastern Regionals [0 be March 7 in 7:00 pm” while Si. Lawrence sports a 17-5 record 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   

folded. it was then. lint they dug in there arttl played the most exciting live
mintites of basketball in their history.
lirockpo rt started to slow things down as they were looking for the good
shot. Dan Panaggio saw an opening and pttt the ball up. only to have it
rejected by Morphis. Brockport itnritediately duplicated that feat on the A
other end of the court, but qttickly turned the ball over on an offensive t'oul.
But the Danes couldn't capitali/e..Iohnson ran into Dan I’anaggio and was
called on the offensive l'oul. finishing hitn for the evening.
t'tiIiI/Illlt‘l/ on page If/It’t'ﬂ .....

Photos by Rick Lt'llllmll and Brent/ti Hale

 

formed the crowd that. at this time,
chances for a rent hikewere “50-50.”

A&S Candidate On Campus

by Daniel Gaines

Seymour Geisser. the first Arts
and Science Dean catididatc to come
on campus this year. met yesterday
with adminstrators. students and

amincr Paul Veilette says that he
sees no reason why the necessary

(ieisser was the Chairman of the
Department of Statistics at SUNY
Buffalo from I905 to I970.

Ile has a ILA. from City College
and an M.A. and a PhD. from the

held in Brockport on March 7 and 8.
For Doc it was a fulfillment of a

students at SU NYA were very good.
the facility was not “recoguiled
nationally“. "I‘d like to foster and
promote excellence." he said. He

said that grades were too high. and

 

Brockport State will take on RPI in
the nightcap. The two winners will
meet the following night for the
Eastern Regional Championship.
If the Danes should win both
games at Broekport, theywould host

a playoffgame with the winner oftbe _

New England Regionals Tuesday.
March II. The winner of that game
will go on to Reading. Penn. tocnm-
pete with three other schools for the
Division III National Cham-

with two games remaining. The
Danes last played the Saints two
years ago when Albany beat St.
Lawrence in the first round of the
ECAC tournament played here.
Albany and St. Lawrence have eight
common opponents on this year‘s
schedule. The Saints beat Potsdam.
I’lattsburgh. Utica, Oswego. Ithaca
and lost to Buffalo State and RPI.
Albany beat all eight clubs. St.
Lawrence has been coming on as of
late. winning 10 out of their last ll

faculty and will meet with other University of North Carolina. told a story about a student telling pionship. g
members oftbe university contntuni~ Geisser pointed out that while the continued on page/our The Danes ltad to rely on an at- ballgarnes. ;
ty today. . large bid. after Itroekport beat Buf— ' Brockport is 20-3 with one game ;
(ieisser is the Director of the falo (see page to) Tuesday. but the to go. R PI is I2-6 and they are com- r
Schoolot‘Staiistiesat the University bid really came as no surprise to irig off a big win over Williams 
of Minnesota. Coach Sauers. Speaking on WSUA College. the only tenrn to beat ;
(icisser. speaking to a group of before the Eagle—Bengal game. Doc Albanyathometbisyear.TheDanes 
students in the I’airoon Room stated that he felt the bids Were beat RPI 83-78 iii the consolation 3
Lounge yesterday. said that students already decided and his team would round of the Capital District 'l‘our- I
should not have a vote on tenure be chosen. nanient.Albanyhastlicworstrecord .,
decision committees. “I lie vote “We were very happy to get the of the four schools at 14-3. 3
should he on a peer group basis." be bid." said Saucrs after hearing the “Brookport has got to be con. ‘
said. He explained that there were official word. “We've had our tips sidcred lltc favorite.“ said RPI .-
thrccconsidetations injudgiagaiin- and downs but ltltotight wedesenu Cottclt Killlbﬂugh. Couch Paul -
iversiiy prolessor: scholarship. ed the bid. Wehaven'l played up to Evntts of St. Lawrence agrees.
teaching. and service. llis emphasis our potential... We are capable of “llrockport looks like the toughest
2' was on the litst two. wluclt he said winning it all.“ eompetiton. They have the home i
 are "intimately related." liy being ranked third. the Danes court advantage plus the better 
: When asked why he wastinerested km don‘t have to play lirockpori in the record. lhe other three teams are .
in iliejob.lie said he was“interested won. first round. ltisalwaystoughtopiay pretty evenly matched. Two good I
on an opponent‘s home court. 05- nights and any oftbe fourtcutns can )

 

 

 

People. banners and "on a trumpotor won out in tall toreo tor tho
Danes biggest game oi the season.

 
  

in going to a school where something
cart he done". He said he had an in-
terest in "academicadministration."

Seymour Golsnr. candidate tor the Arts and Sciences doanahlp.
doesn’t beilevo that students should havoa vote on tenure decisions.

pceinlly dtrring tournaments. The
game against St. Lawrence should

make it through."
continued on page ﬁfteen

