 

mat ll

 

To save 0| iiythe amt
an o I .
.Of receivers. Teclnics receiver: mew e 0' of"
Flt/Fit s cm receivers trade by vorld {ms

. “Cr , .
Eli! and every Technics receiver we have

Socaneinnol. Nidge'tanunheardofa'l-

been rediced. kid ‘
present stock tats. m” be m 'e a"
kidthat shaildi't be too long.

 

. .l
m Mainel Hthn'el Receiver
-&iilt in (JD-4 duomIator f ‘ '
m “twig-4 “cards or discrete
0 per c wool in ste

8 due 8 watts RB per channel  at
ethanol-mite at B ohiis tam-mom
on matrix circuits

-Fair individual volume controls and master gain,

Jutaiatic separation and, carrier level controls

Mginut cabinet 3 95

iii? tiara... 299
40.Watt RMS in stereo
Boilt-in CD4
Reduced 8230

(hi the receivers ever e's heard of.
Technics by Panasonic. yo“
' They're just slightly

ahead of air tine.

hm

 

 

 

 

mom 2-Channel 4*Chaniiel Receiver
~30 watts 95 per channel in stereo
at 8 clue to watts MB per channel
"[4 channel mode at 8 otvris (Eth-lethz)
~Universal 'AFD' decodes all matrixed sources
accurater
-Separate level.caitrol for each channel
Willi“? 93'" 't
- ieaoeirmrorandin 
ffwwx wt put faculities
ﬂgear {M are {Algal scales
- egra wa nu c inet and ch
gold front panel “acne

Mfrs original.
fair trade price

60 Watt RMS in stereo
Reduced S140

SAOOOOX 2-Ch nel 4-Cliannel Rec ' '
'CD-4 Daiiodulator ’ ' ewer mm

 €35 % per cnanne: in stereo at 8 ohms

w s percanne in'4 ban

éumﬁ_mm c nel at 8 ohms

- I -in demodulator for (D-4 0's

-4 large VU meters I c synems
Eparaye level gontrtlal for each channel

- rge uningnie er, oudness switch, nut' '
~lndicators for 2 channel, 4 channel, (inﬁllng SWItCh
-Cbampagne gold front panel and walnut wood cabinet

334 95 72WattRMSin stereo
Mfrs original Reduced 

fair trade price
549.85

 

 

 

 

 

sources

81mm“!
Full Range, 2 way headphone with 3
cool cord 2 year warranty

3 50

SAO7OOX Stereo 4-Ctiann "

-Built-in Oscilloscope 9| Recalver

~|6 watts per channel Rhﬁ in 4

channel mode at 8 ohms l20hz-20Khz)

-Total capability for all discrete A—channel

-Universal 'AFD' control with selectabl
phase 'shi fter for any matrixed sairce e

M393...”

 

30 Watt RMS in stereo
Reduced $120

sasaoox 2-Channel/4-Channel Receiver

-I5 watts RNS per channel in stereo at

_8 ohms 7 watts R6 per channel in

4-channel node at 8 ohms (mm-20oz)

-Complete Discrete 4-channel capability

»Canplete Matrix vii-channel capability ‘ "
-|Lrg1]idvidual chtary‘nelI plus overall level control

- ness SWI c us so

on tape whorl; parate Bass Treble controls
-Wa|nut cabinet and champagne gold front panel

igler original
air trade price
$3l9.%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

23"”.-

gm IC turntable with d ned ‘
cueing, full Size platterftiiigt will???
. walnut base I year parts and labor
guarantee

plays

VAT'IS DUSI’ 8th
Farms record cleaning system that
retrieves static and dust as the record

 

 

 

 

wrenches
Cassette Tape Deck.
See the full Teac line
on display

 

 

- m‘mtemo

mammalian-Minna '
I ‘ ."mgitnmupmmowgpymum-im-vm SAT-lOM-b:

=".l til. ,t

Lend a Hand

10' the Editor:
This is a letter to you asking for your help, I
I conic to you because I feel that only a person
iii your position has the means of providing
this assistance.
i [am a black male. I‘m 24 years old and lam
' presently under the jurisdiction of the Ohio
7 Penal system. i have been in penal custody for
* aconsidcrablc amount oftimc. and lstill have
a considerable amount to do, and this is what
motivates me to write this letter to you.
Have life. and I‘ve been knocked down. but
that'gnol unique. everybody has. You can fall
down and make a mistake. and you can reach
up and somebody can help you. but you also
haveto try and help yourself. this is what i
have been trying to do for so long. only now
the prcssurcsand problems that l conic across
daily have begun to weigh heavily upon my
thoughts and i find it a challenge just to opcn
my eyes in the mornings because i know that
thcrc is nothing to look forward to. i don't
want it to be this way, ldon‘t want to bc hittcr
when l lcavc here, I know that will only bring
about my return to this place. my thoughts
have nothing to dwell on htit thcsc cold
colorless walls. This is why l‘m writing this
lcttcrto you to ask you if you would placc this
letter inan appropriate scction of you pnpcr so
that it will he read by somconc who may takc
interest in this man and dccidc to hpr mc. not
materially hut morally in my slruggic to rctain
my sanity in this insanc cnvironmcnt.
lam not nblc to pay for thc spiicc that thcsc
words will use in your paper. and i do know
that nothing comes frcc. so ifyou arc not ahlc
to do this for mc. lwill understand. but if you
ﬂ,

Perspectives

SA President:

by Pat (‘urran

If you‘rc entertaining the lhouglit of
running for some Student Association ol'l'icc.
especially for mine. lct mc give you an idea of
what you‘re in for. Take this wcck. for
instance. Monday‘s schcdulc lists a lunch at
Stittc Quad at noon with onc of thc candidatcs
for l)cait of Arts 8L Scicnccs. Scc an
administrator at 2:l5 about l-‘SA. At 2:10
there's a inccting conccrning ihc l’rcsidcntial
Scarch Committcc. Following that at 4:00 1S
itliothcr mccting on liSA. and n i'cccpiion at
5'.le with the Dean candidaic. ln ihc cvcning
are two mcctings: Onc with ilic sindcni
mcmbcrsof the FSA Mcmhcrsliip lloni'd.nnd
tlicn a class.

I 'l'liilt‘sjusi the first day of ihc wcck. ()ihcr
ISSUCS this week includc llic city housing lnu.
tlic aililctic hudgct and tax: piissililc IllL‘lL'tthL‘
Ill room roots on Cttmptls; l-I()|‘SA hndgciing.
it lortiicoming d rivc lor mniiiunnn
(lL‘L‘l'llllil‘liliiltlliml; veto of a (‘cnirnl ('onncil
hill on use of Athletic Advisory llonrd Ill£|.\|-
wagons; and thc proposcd wall to bc built in
tlic Riitliskcllcr.

A Sludcnt Association prcsidcni has to shift
gcat‘s from issue to issuc to pint-si/c prohlcius
a hundred timcs a day. Slic or hc must bc
cognizant of univcrsity-widc mattcrs such as
SUNYA's hudgct situation and cni‘olliitcnt
projection changes for Will). as wcli as inicrnnl
SA problems ranging from cutting the cost of

_4<‘I‘A~Jm¢w‘n a .. .

i

 

can'just print it in your paper for only one
edition lwrll be grateful to you for strength in
my struggle.

Jimmic Haris wise-ioo

Editors now: For those who wish I0 ii'riu- m
Jimmie. his addrch is:

PO. Box 787

Lucasvillc. Ohio 45648

Finance Fiasco

To the Editor:

Altcr ciircful C(illhltlt‘l’tlllllli. l liavc arriicd
at it means \ihcrchy tlic mcmbcrs of llndgct
(,‘ommitlcc can gct lhc rcst that tlicy
apparently nccd so tlcspcrntcly. l rcspcctluliy
suggest the cliiiiinaiion of all liiidgct hcnrings.
on the basis ilini ibcy scric only its ii uasic ol'
iimc for both the committcc mcmhcrs and thc
unloi‘iuniiic organi/iiiions that most scnd
FCPI'USUlllitll\L‘\ to bc sit opcnly abused by tho
Commiilcc.

| spcak Ironi L‘\|‘tL‘llt.'l1CL'. olicr i'cprcscnling
lndian Quad .‘\\\ttcltil|ttll at ihc liudgct
('ommiticc hunting on \\ ctltlL'Stlil). Mlll’Cil 5.
at uhich iiinc Indian Quad rcprcscntativcs
plL'NCIIlL'tl \ihni ihcy honcsily considered to hi:
it fail appropriation tor lit.'.\'l ycnl's hudgct. In
thc 4S minuics that laid bccn iilloticd for lhc
licnimg by the L‘ommittcc. lndinii Quad
IL'pI'CSL‘lllitlnL'S plnnnctl to prcscnt a list of past

and lutiirc c\cnl.\. along with thc rationale

Dashing Dan

Nillllttltt‘l‘)‘ to pay mg tlic month‘s phonc bill.

Spokcspci son. adminisi l'lllttl'. lcndcr: 'l'hcsc
iii'c lbc rolcs which a studcnl govcrnmcnt
olticcr must illlllll. in addition to earning
cnougli L'lt‘tlllS to grnduntc.

Ilic campus “1” sec anoilicr SA
prcsidcntiiil clcciion llllS Spring. Signs will
nppcni'. |1t.'lllltltl\ \\lil hc circulated. promiscs
“ill bc mudc all lilL‘DilllS of thc campaign bit
that lucni through.

liclicic n or not. many of tlicplcdgcs mndc
by candidnics nic \lltUUl‘c. Only by going
iliioiigli it ycar of hanging onc‘s licad against
the “.1” “I” a pcrson conic lo i'ciililc why
llillllh don‘t cliiingc. liut that ilicinc's bccn
cmcicil in this column liclol'c.

Whilc i would liopc that SltltlL'lil \otci's
would run hc lurthcr disillusioncd by thc
piomiscs tlicy liciii' \\liic|i arc itot tullillcd. l
hopc ihcy \iill IIlSlSl on licing told by ibc
L'illlllltlitlL‘S L‘Sllcll) ubiit ilicy'i'c surc ilicy um
ilL'L'tllllpiISll. and how |)on't c.\pcci so much
quantity. hiil i'nilici‘ ilciiinnd quality.

illt‘ _\ cai‘lllc lCl’lllllN so slioil. and llicic is so
much at out studcni [lleitlL‘lil must adjust to:
tlic tcndcrship .ind cspccnilly tlic bui'cnuci’ni
iolc. as \icll as ilicpcoplcand situations ultich
surround liim licr. lly tlic lllllL‘llllllgS fall into
plncc. it‘s liinc to lcavc.

Non lltitl l‘\c lcni'ncd so wcli how to make
llilhlttkt'h. tl istunciilmost loi nic tostcp down,
wnhoiit hot mg tlic SilllhlilCllUll of discovcring
llic solutions and corrections.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Vicc—l’i'csidcni ol lndiiin Quad Association

behind their budget retroﬁt. n. x 3  ‘ 
Kathy Brennan: Treasurer for Indian Quad
Association. presented each member of'thc
Committee with a copy of a comprehensive
summary concerning the Quad’s past events.
and the numerous proposals of events that the
Quad hopes to sponsor this semester. We had '
hoped to discuss this list with the committee To u" “no” -

members. so that they might appreciate the .lvwould a.‘ mis time like l"..°'°‘.'“°°"l“l°“
“1.0m or me Quad w dam. and hen“ misconception which has circulated among

understand the reasons behind our budget mo“ of “s ‘“ SUNYA' Th” “1 “W3”
proposal for next year. Instead. one of the mm“ 5‘0"} has absolmcly "9mm! ‘0 d0
nicmhcrs immediately presented a motion to w'm “"3 des'gn °l New York Cllyis Lincoln
cut thcctpiivalcntof23%of our request. His Clinic“ , . ..
reasoning wastbat tthommittcéhad simply S“ arshllcclsi Max, Abmmovnz‘ Wallace.
rcccivcd requests for more money than they K‘ Hams“ “he” “'5‘ two We" ‘0 JOl“
had. so ems «have ,0 he made somewhere.“ together and after preparing an initial design
There was a second to his motion. followed by k," the any Caml’U-‘o we": Smmw a mica“
diﬁcumun. so as to be able to accept the South Mall
Several times during the discussion. the coin'l‘iss'lonl‘ E“? Suarincn and SOMi
point was made that Colonial Quud‘s budget Ph'lll'p ﬁlomsun' P":er BCIIUSChl-“n‘l E835”
had bccn cut also. We rcspondcd with the fact 8" "‘EF‘W couﬂl’omm‘ 0" ‘his mole“ “Ch
mm me purpose of mu hearing was commissioned to do one of the buildings
supposedly to consider each organization “'“rkmg “'"h‘" “ ‘f‘lmmlmll' “Signed Slle
.w/mrnlch'. not to set a prcccdcnt whcrchy Pl““-Alll‘““tlh SCCInIIIgtrii'iiiltosomc-lUSlaS
olltcr orgnni/ations could bc considered on“ would "m ""“hmc “ Mom" ‘0 anyone
similarily. Our concern was apparently “"‘E‘r "m" Mom" plum d‘m'l unwillingly
ignored. a vote was takcn. and the cut was denigmlc 5""“i‘mc 915°" ‘Whllccwrc b)’
passcd. it's intcrcstiug to noic thatduringthis "unhmmg ” 1" 5mm"
criod. an amcndmcnt was proposed that
would hnvc dccrcascd the cut to only WC}. on Allan“ A- “TOM‘S
the basis that this singlc uicinbcr iliouglit that

' MoVMcM
perhaps thc Commiticc was making ii cut /
simply on the basis of what another quad ‘ \
rcccivcd. l'his amcndincnl was not even E
sccontlcd.

And so it \ias. ()ur "hearing" liistcd about
It) minutes. and our cxplaninions rcmaincd
unhcard. it this sort of pi'occdurc is truc in thc
oihci lludgct ('ommittcc licnrings. thcn l
suggcsi that tlic liciirings hc ioinlly abolished.
and simply ltl|\'L' all hudch rcqncsts cut by an
cqunl pcrccningc. [his will iissiirc that no
oi'giini/ation it ill hc considcrcd as unique. and
will caisc tltc pt'cssui'c on tlic mcnibci‘s of the
liudgct (‘ommiticc io il\L‘ up to tlicir
obligation.

i cMiiplocediCrodii 

 

 

'l'lit' Albany Studcnt l’rcss I'l‘.\'l‘l‘\'l'.\'

Ilii' .\l.‘ll‘ rig/ii lit/ll'llll lll't't’ll I.t'llt'l‘.\ Io I/Ii‘

Izililor. .Sii/vlnil Iciiciti I‘l'llt‘ll'l'lllt‘ll In ('C

.Un Vtor tillHIl/i’f'lllltlll. Arc/r l/ltlAl' t'ill'l’.\
iii.i/ It'llt’l'.\ ruining. jo/lm.‘

 

Steven (E. Schwuri/

 

 

 

Is There Truth in Lending?

liy Barbara li'ischkin

Somcwhcrc in between ihc Adirondack 'l'rust Company and (ilovci‘svillc Federal Savings and
loan Association on Broadway in Saratoga Springs. i had a religious cxpcricncc.

lsuw tlic coming of a world rulcd cntircly by a group of individuals ii ho. il' thcy arc capable of
nothing clsc. can. at lcast. explain thcinsclvcs. The traffic light abch inc winkcd in confirmation
and said. “Dcspitc conirndiciory cvidcncc in thc job mnrkct, linglish majors with n bcni towards
journalism shall inhcrit thc carth. choicc.“

i probably would ncvcr hnvc licnrd that voice it i hadn‘t just spcni two lioiisc lltlct'\lc\\lng
sonic \cry inni'liculntc hankcrs on llic mechanics of obtaining a small loan.

And thc hankcrs might not how givcn ilicnisclvcs il\\tl)’ il' ll hadn‘t hccii fora siniillhui potcnt
culprit. naimcd Annual l’crccnliigc Ralc.

Annual l'ciccntngc Riitc. known to l'ricnds as AI’R. was born June [909 in Congress to the
lriith in l.cndiiig Act. Alicr a difficult pubcrly it wcnl undcrground and is now wanicd by the
l-lll for Its ottcmpis io undcrminc the banking industry whilc making lifc very difficult for
middlc cittsh Amcricnns who borrow money to buy snowmobiles.

thn ziskul about Al‘R a hankcr will squirm and " y. “Ahhlihli ...thc annual pcrccntagc rate
on n thousand dollars borrowctl for. Ict‘s say. a year is . . . lct lth look that up . . .is. . . ll.5h"i.
lliis mcnns that you pay . . . nhlih . . . oh. ycs. here it is . . . you pay $00.07 iii intcrcst."

ll ptlSitL‘tl ihcy may cxpluin ilini cvcn though what you arc paying is "intcrcst." Annual
l’crccniiigc Ragc lS not tlic Silll'lt.‘ thing as inlci'cst rulc. 'I'hcy soy. "Alilthli . . . no. this is Annual
l'ci ccnltigc Rnlc. li allows you to act: how thc riitcs \vcchnrgc on loans compare to those cltitl'gcd
by ilic hunk doun thc block. It is dcsigncd to hpr the consumer."

()nly ihat docsn'i do much good whcn ihc iivcragc consumer can‘t understand why.

And it docsn‘t iniikc litt.‘ banking industry look vcry co mpctcnt whcu tlic uvcragc hankcr can‘t
i:\plnin how

i lcnrnul this tlic hard way. i nskcd. “Howdoyoufigurcout how muclitlic borrowcrpays?“

In which i rcccivcd thc following nnswcr:

"You look iit the chart."

"llut who miikcs up thc cliiti't‘l“

“'l'hc govcrnmcnl.“

“llou do ilicy figure it out?“

“()hhh . . . i can‘t cxplnin I/ltll. It's a vcry complicated proccss."

"llui what if somconc asks you how you figured out the amount ofintcrcst they have topiiy'.’"

“()hhh . . . nobody cvcr asks I/ml. 'l‘licyjust say. "l‘cll mc how mucii i gotta pay.‘ 'i‘bnt‘snlltlicy
want to know. How you do it‘.’ That‘s not really very important.“

()nc courageous hiink Vicc l'rcsitlcnt did initkc tin attempt to show inc-“how you figure it out.“
llut own his own words failed to convey thc ntcssagc. l rcpcaicd them back to him and he said.
“Wcll yoii‘ic on thc right track. but it‘s not complctcly accurate.“

l illll tircii ol hearing about the inability of journalists to rcport on economic issues. I will
admit iliai many of us. myself included. would benefit from some intcnsc financial instruction.
lint, this is a two way deal. If you are going to send journalists to bitnkingschool. then you must
send bunkers io journalism school. A good lcsson in the “live W‘s“ might get them talking less
nnmhcrs and more words that the consumers tlicy nrc so concerned about protecting will
lllltlL‘I'hlllllll. -

tlniil this systcni is implcincntcd lam begging the members of the banking community to get
iogcthcr and explain Annual l’crccntitgc Rate to me before my deadline.

l illll also during them to \vriic a good lciid.

PAGE ELEVEN

 

 

 

