by Nathan Silent

ars  sDanes Win ‘ ‘

Sparked by a stellar second half performance by Gary Trevett (16
points' and 9 assists; to and' 7 in the second half). and the clutch
shooting ofMike Suprunowicz (20) and Ed Johnson (l4. l0 in the
second half). the Albany State Great Danes varsity basketball team
came from behind to overtake the Geneseo BlueAKnights. 6440,
Tuesday evening. Over 2700 fans were on hand. as the Danes upped
their record to I0-5. 5-l in the State University of New York Athletic
Conference. while Geneseo dropped to 7-8, 3-2 in conference play.
The Danes are now in second place in the Conference behind an
undefeated Brockport team. and host Brockport February 22 in a
game which may very well decide who wins the SUNY Crown. and
the NCAA Tournament bid that accompanies it.

"’l'rcvett did some incredible things
out there for us tonight“. said
Albany‘s varsity basketball coach
[Doctor Richard Sauers. "He must
ahve generated at elast |0 ofthcir lti
turnovers. as well as ltittinglhe tying
basket (52-52 with 5:15 to play).“

"()ur game plan revolved around
stopping Ed Robola." (6'5". averag-
ing l8 points and lb rebounds a
game)". said Sauers. “and although
he scored l7 and pulled down 19
rebounds.ind ividually and teamwise
we did a good job on him. especially
during the last few minutes of the
game." (Robota scored 6 points and
pulled down 3 rebounds in the last
live minutes of play.)

lhe gatne opened with both teams
trading baskets for 3 minutes. as the
score reached b-(r. 'I'hen.
Suprunowic/ led the Danes on a hot
streak. as he tossed iii 4 field goals.
l'rctett 2. and Johnson one. as
Albany built up a 20-” lead with
l2:25 to play.

(ieneseo came storming brick. out-
seoririg the Danes l4-4. as Robota
scored seven points and assisted on
another two field goals. Willi 5:20
left iii the half. the learns began
swapping baskets. which ended with

a Suprunowicz IS-footer with‘2
seconds left. sending the teams to the
loekcrroms with the Danes ahead
34-33.

Stiprunowicz led all scorers with
l4 first ltalf points. l'olIoWed by
'I‘revett and Gencseo‘s Dave

’Sillimnn (8). Robota (7). and Pete

Koola (6). The Danes shot IS/le. to
(ieneseo's I5/37. while the Blue
Knights outrebounded Alhatry 27-
I3.

With the opening of the second
half. the Knightchnt on a l3-2 scor-
ing binge. dropping the Danes it)
points beltind with l4 rnittutes to
play. The outlook was disrtittlA-rtlie
Danes sltot | ‘li duriirgtlris f) tninitte
span. were otitrebounded 9-3. and
turned the ball over 4 times. leading
the fans to wotrder whether or not
the Danes were about tti stifl'cra big
letdoWn-loss after Saturday's atrial.-
ing come from behind win over
Ithaca (the Danes trailed by 20 at
one point Saturday).

Stiprunowic/ hit ajtimber at Bath
to break air it point (ieneseo string.
Next. 'l’revett stole the ball front
Kline. and hit Iotti Morphisttr pts.)
underneath to bring Albany within
six. 'l'en seconds later. Ucneseo's

“  , scion minions a tour rum-r 12:” . . ." to oporltthe

WI smu- action“ I”. KNOW"

. "Stilts Univerntty or “a; riot , at'ﬁltitsany'

Gary Witter (ti pts.) fouled out. and
when 'l‘revett hita foul linejumperat
l2255. the crowd and the Danes
appeared to have returned to the
realm of the living.

Kline broke the Danes‘ string at ;

ll:l0. hitting from 5. to give
(ieneseo a 48-42 lead. beforeTrevett.
Morphis. and Suprunowicz hit three
straight baskets to lie it with 9:l0 to
play.

The lead see-sawed for 4 minutes.
before Johnson and 'l‘revett com-
pleted steals and Iaytips. and the
Danes were ahead 56-52 to stay.
largely thanks to 3 key steals by
'I'revett. arid tight defense by the
whole team.

Johnson in clutch

The issue remained in doubt until

the three secoird mark. when. with
Albariy in possission arid leading 62-
60. the lilac Knights were forced to
foul Ed Johnson. who went to the
litre nird hit botli iii a one and one
situation. making it a 64-60 final.

Final stats showed Albany out-
sliootirig (ieireseo 2H (ii to 28,69.
with the Blue Knights. as expected.
otrtrcbound'ag the Danes 56-30.
Suprunowicz led all scorers with 20.
followed by Robota. 'I'revett.
Sillirrran. arid Kline.

ﬁiii

Dane Dope: ‘l‘revctt just missed
tying Danes‘ assist record often held
by Mike Bloom (I967 versus Utica).
With 89 this season he is a lock to
break season mark of 93 held by
Roger Casey (Woo-til i...’l'o fill spots
on varsity roster caused by removal
of Mel Iirown and Rich Kapner
from active roster. Doctor Sauer’

JV.

by Mike Piekarski

Friday, February ’1, 1975

Iohmnn

" . . .Suptonowlcz led the Danes on a hot streak as be tossed In (our
field goals . . . . " Suptonowiez is shown here lust prior to scoring his
that field goal of the game. to complete a twenty-point evening.

Displaying a defense which allowed Union College‘sjurrior varsity
a mere Iii points in the second half. the Albany Statejunior varsity

basketball team defeated

their

Capital District rivals 73-62.

overcoming a 36—34 halftime deficit. The win ups the I’tips‘ record to

9-2. with eight games remaining.

"()ur' defense was the key to our
win." said an enthused j.v. coach.
Robert Lewis. "Without a doubt. it
was the best defense we Iravc shown
all year.“

But that. of course. was in the se-
cond half. lit the first half. the Pups
were not impressive. Wliilc Union
never took a commanding lead. they
did lead for rnosl of the ltalf. Pat
Mttlvcy got Union off and running
with the opening bucket. and went
on to score ll of Union's first It)
points. ('arriiirie Verdejo countered
with his own show. btrt the Pups
were not impressive. nntl. at times.

just did not move. as llrriort built tip

a 36-34 halftime lead. largely thanks
to Mulvcy‘s l4 point effort.

The second half opened with
Albany applying the pressure on
defense. and itrovirrg on the other
eird of the court. As Aubrey Brown
arid Ver'dcjo started pulling dowir
the rcbottrids. tlic Pups were able to
employ the first break. as they quick-
ly overcame the two-point deficit.

Ray (iin came off the bench to
score l2 points in the second half.
typing him with Verdejo for team
honors (l4 poiirts) that night. (ircg
.Iohirsorr. iii his secotrd colrscctrthc

umps Union, 73-62

start. tossed in 12 poiiils. as did
Brown.

I lie defense spa rklcd iii the second
hall. as it ltcld Mulvey to 2 second
half points. l'orrr Casey. the league‘s
leading scorer. was held ttr l0. and
tire Danes were able to outpoitrt their
hosts by a 3848 margin dttririg it IS
riiirttttc span.

llrc final score was closcrtlrart the
game really was. thanks to air h-I
scorirtg surge by Union with just
over one ririrrrrte to play.

Coach Lewis was satisfied with the
wirt.cititrgitasa“teamellort.“astltc
Pups shot 47.8%.

lorrror'row the Pups play the best
when they accompany the varsity to
the Sierra Alumni Recreation Center
tor a (i130 preliminary. before the
\tri'sily takes on the Indians at g-jll)

Gymnasts Home Tomorrow

llre last lroitic gymnastic meet of
the season willget tinderwayat | lzlill
A.M.. this Saturday in the main
gym. The order of events will be:
vaulting. uneven parallel bars.
balance beam. floor exercise.

The Canis'rus team is probably the
strongest team in New York State.
Kathie Aleunis. Carol Reynoldsand
Denise Tenny. (the entire team) were
outstanding in last Saturday's meet
at Cortland.

little is known of tlic \Vestf‘ield
learn. except that narrowly beat
Albany in last year's meet.

Hailey injured

Albany will be weakened by the
loss of Captain. Allyson Bailey. in-
jured in the Cortland rirect. Cathie
Caperna. however. is back in slirrpe
and received her best scores for the
season in her bar routine and vault.
The match between Westlield and

SUNYA is likely to be extremely

close.
.500 record

Albany‘s record is now 4—4.
following the last two meets. (in
January 25. Albany hit its season
high for it tr5.l5 score. brit lost to
powerful Itliacrr (75.l5) and Vet'-
itrorrt (70.20). (in February I.
Albany‘s score slipped to (il.40. as
they lost to Caitisius (94.55) rind
Cortland (76.l0). while beating Iluf‘
fulo State (45.l0).

Rfdfng‘art the slum" bu}! one trio... mam» 1mm... 
lion of a dull history future. sortiejuley tidbits of!
the "Goddam FSA and the cost of living" and t

. makes this place bearable because he' treat: 'me‘ like ahu‘m'an ib'ef

Campus Center cafeteria I overheard aprbfeuarbémoon lumbering h

by Michael Sena
After over six months. SUNYA‘s
Presidential Search Committee is
down to “around ten candidates."
said Howie Grossmun. one of its
members. However. the Committee
is very secretive and rtoac of the
names will be revealed for about
“four or five weeks." said (irossnran.
It would be “too much trottble to
bring ten candidates on-ca mpus.“ he
explained. There will be “short
meetings with these eatrdidatcs off-
campus someplace.“ he said. When
the Committee narrows that number
down to “maybe three. four or five.
their tltey will be invited on-carnpus
for opeii meetings with various con-
stituent groups.“ (irossman added.
(in the secrecy of the Committee
(irossrriati said that “certain people
we're considering have jobs at other
llrrher'sities. and its not cool for
them ttr have their ironies i'eretrled.“
llre tweltc-rrian (‘ornrriittcc eon-
stats of; t\\o students Ilowie
sophomore. Ilrirris

he earch

(iiossman.
I’ristttles. graduate student. lorti
('lrirgan. three professor's

t'atlrarirtc \‘crrbold. liertiarrrirr Chi.
and NW Director Vernon lltrck.
and three members of SUNYA‘s
Board of l'rttstces Vice-President
of Schnectady ’l'rtrsl Wayne

Wagner. Chairman ot the Board of

the I‘ii'st National Bank of Scotia
Kerr lltii'rriaslei‘. and lawyer .I.
Vanderbilt Str'aub. Strairb chairs the
committee.

(irossnrarr tiotcd that the most
essential quality of SUNYA‘s next
President is to give leadership It) the

~lJriitcrislv. “All of ll sudden we've

been (lCCltl red ti mature campus. said

We mortars :
e m mmqte'slovew'e, ‘

for

"<1... nan-.a‘mwrrwbsvs

President Benezel leaves In duly

(irossrnrrn. “We need strong
leadership. a presence tin-campus.
an ability to bring good people to the
llnivctisty. and a strong concern for
academics iii Our next President."

 

. Who then will occupy this chair?

said (irossriiait. “We‘re the least
favored son of the four State
University Centers." he noted. and
“President Ilene/cl must take sortie
of tire resporrsibilty.“ SA l’l'c-

FSA Committee Discusses Board Hike

by Stephen DIlllllllktl

A committee of the Faculty-
.Studerit Association met last 'l‘lrurs-
day to discuss a proposed It)‘/'ir boa rd
hike for next semester.

I‘SA Director l5. Norbert Zaltrrr
presented the cotiirititlce with it
statistical strrrrrrratioir crrpstrli/irig
the Irirarrcial status of the Quad food
business. llie report includes a brief
history lllltl sortie projections r...-
lit‘\l yea r. [trlrrrr corrinrerrtctl.
“(ir‘airtetl llurl \\lurt roti'tt- tlorre iii
the [)tlsl has sortie relation to \\lltll
you do III the future. tlrr-rr \tc II\
to build lrotti that. Willi tlrc moiety

of things that make this year
different or the satire as previous
years. this is where we think we‘re
going."

llie projections for next year ill
the report indicate that the Quad
food business eotrld lose an cs—
lirrrtrtcd $2|‘).‘)47 if the llll‘i irrcr rse
is rrol nrrpletirerrted. Wth a It)“; hike
in board rules therth itrcorrrcol the
Quad food business is estimated lll
illioll.

/.rlrrtr said that be supplied the
coirrnrrltcc with the report “lot Ilrcit
ll\\ll deliberations" /.nlitit added

rlrrrt"nothirrg therelrir the report] is

for sure."

erlrm indicated that l’SA istryiiig
to lake the prcssrrrcoll‘ol board coir-
tracts so that they don't support a
great number of other l-SA opera-
tion. “We do lilr\t.' a lot of winners
now." said /.nlim. “contrary to four
years ago. so the house is in pretty
good shape."

SA President l’at Curran. a
member of the committee. doesn‘t
belierc that a It)". board increase is
necessary. t'trrirrn Icels that with a
more careful cstrtrrirralrorrs of the
bridch situation cats can he lililtiL‘
and the board hike lottcrcd or
eliminated. "the eoiirrrrrttee‘s best

bet.“ remarked Curran. "is to cott-
sider a general tightening of the
budget. perhaps. for example. by
cutting out sortie jobs . . . We
should make Zalrrtr go back and
rrrakc cuts."

('ttrrarr Icels llrat rrrore concern
must be shown for the students who
will he the victims of the board bike.
“I don‘t think anybody lurs ever
questioned it before." said Curran.
"Nor hie is iii for a surprise this time."

llre SA President also mentioned
the possibility ol I-‘SA cutting out of
some of its "Ilitilic_\~ltiscl's" to rtrzrkc
tip for the loss in the Qtuid food
business. llreeszrrrrplcs lrccttcd were
the Molrrrrik tannins and the
barbershop.

/;rlrm poiriletl out. "\\ c'ic trying
to separate those lllilll!\ [the Quad
other l’HA
operations] at this poirrl and be inst
as lair as we possibly can to hoard
contract holders. tiK . $135,000
may look like rt lot of irrorrey. htil

lood business lllitl

based on the risk of a lotrr million
dollar food business that isn‘t a hell
of a lot. that‘s for sure."

.'\t‘L‘tll'tlllig to forum. SA cort—
taclcd /.alrrrr‘s ollice requesting hint
to hate sortie allertutlrics prepared
that would not erill lorarr increase in
horrid rates or that would lll least
allow for one of less than llilii‘r. Zahrit
said that someone front SA lrtid
called him while lrewrrs not available
and that lie was tryirtg to get back to
tlretrr to find out exactly what they
were talking about.

 

sidcnt l’at Curran was even
rrrorc critical of l’residcrﬁ llettelct.
“We‘ve lacked it real leader at this
Unisin especially academically.
llre President has got niakcdccisions
and not delegate authority." said
Curran.

"I hope that good people aren't
scared off with what SUNY and the
state has done to our budget." said
Curran. ' be way SUNY hastreatcd
its. financially and with possible
elimination of sortie of our doctoral
programs. we may have gone as far
as we‘re going in terms of grtrwtb to
the University." Curran noted that
our next President "has got to ltave
backbone.“

"We're at a turtrirrg point as a Un-
iversity." said (irosstirrin. “We need
soitreorrc to lead its on. someone to
grre its leadership and direction.“

llre cottirrrittec has decided to
operate secretly. and thus none of
those reached would comment. Said
t'orrtmitlewonrarr Catharine New-
hold'. “\Vedceided at the \‘cry begin-
ning that lliL‘it‘ would he orin one
spokesman for the Committee so
that there won‘t be twelve different
sltil res and Stt'ti rib is the
spokcsirrair " Chairperson Slratth. tl
\tt-altlry lair yer. could not be reached

\\ Irerr the Committee finally
Illllslics. it they find what they
lit‘llL‘\t' is .r suitable candidate they
\\ Ill llit‘li IL't'tilllilIL'lltl lrirri or her to
the l‘itr\crsily t'otiircil. l he Council.
which is SUNYA‘s‘ lioard of
Irrrslces. has the Iriral \oic.

tirossrrriirr trotcd that all ten eun-
drd.rics “look good on paper." "All
of them hate it decent academic
background. but we'll have to inter-
view the candidates to really know
them." he stiltl.

lll recent weeks the Search
Committee has been criticized for
moving too slowly. About 50
professor brought li petition to
Chairperson Strarib to make sure the
next President is acadentically~
oriented.

 

 

 

