erlcan bum lon Education

u within report indicating that
- ‘liberal, rends o ' 1960's may be
'y's’harply reverse by 1975 college
students. .  l ‘

V'In a ‘massive study, the Council
surVeyecl 364 colleges and 190,000
_ firstye'ar students‘on such topics as
dope and equal rights.

Surprisingly, the Council found that
for the. first 7time in six years, the
number of students favoring liberal
marijuana laws and job equality for
women has dropped. (ZNS)

*

A report on marijuana from the
Department of Health, Education and
Welfare indicates that approximately
three in every five high school students
has smoked dope.

H.E.W.'s 1974 report, Marijuana and
Health, cites a study in San Mateo,
California, where 61.9 percent of the
boys and 58.2 percent of the girls
smoked pot. HEW. estimates that one
in every seven Americans over the age
of 12 has used pot.

The United States Government is
also studying the possibility that the
giant marijuana plants, which
currently grow wild in the mid—west,
may become extremely potent as the
years go by.

A series of studies commissioned by
the Department of Health, Education
and Welfare has found whati many,
smokers have long known»that the
wild plants contain almost no T.H.C.
As a result, smoking the wild plants
produces almost no "high" at all.

However, additional HEW. studies
have found that "high T.H.C.
producing strains" are "dominant'lrr
that is, by crosswpolhncitirig with the
low~T.H.C. plants, high THC. pot is
the inevitable result.

The Government reports finding that
successive pot crops in Mississippi
have been growrrig stronger by the
year.

The same is expected to happen to
the wild weed in the Midwest, the
Government says. (ZNS)

air

The US. Government has spent
more than $350,000 (dollars) in an
effort to prove that marijuana smokers
become dependent on pol.

San Francisco physrcian Dr. Reese
lories, the director of the research
project, reports that volunteers are
kept in a storied stale around the clock
for twenlywone days. Each of the
volunteers, according to Dr. Jones, is
given the equivalent oi tit.) marijuana
Cigarettes each day.

Two of the volunteers in the
project-~ both of them long A- time pot
smokers-~have (.‘Oiflplillritfl that the
dosage in the extra-riments was so
heavy that they had serious
hallucinations, muscle spasms, and at
times, believed they had died.

A critic of the experiment, Dr.
Sanford Fineglass, calculates that each
volunteer is being administered the
equivalent of a marijuana cigarette
every eight and a half minutes
around the clock.

The project's director. lones, says he
has proved that smokers do become
physically dependent on marijuana.
Dr. Jones states he plans to apply for
another Government grant for a new
experiment whiCh will triple the
amount of driﬁrqlirqn.t9.u9tunteﬁﬂ~
That would be a joint more than once
every three minutes. (ZNS)

PAGE 8P '

Oregon is the first state to abolish criminal penalties for
possession of one ounce of marijuana or less and to replace them
with a maximum civil fine of $100. The independent Drug Abuse
Council commissioned a survey in October 1974—the first
anniversary of the new legislation—to assess what changes have
occurred in marijuana usage during that year and to find out what
impressions Oregonians have of their new law. ‘ ‘ »

A majority (58 percent) of the State of Oregon residents favor the
elimination of criminal penalties for the possession of small
amounts of marijuana. Three out of every 10 Oregon adults
approve of their state law that makes simple possession of
marijuana a civil “offense"——akin to a parking ticket—carrying a
fine but no jail term or criminal record. An additional 26 percent
favor changes making sale andlor possession of small amounts of
marijuana legal.

The Oregon survey consisted of 802 personal interviews with
adults 18 years or over, representing a balanced sample of the
state‘s population. As might be expected, young adults—ages 18
through 297took a more liberal view on the four legal choices
regarding sale andfor possession of small amounts of marijuana.
The division is sharp between those who either have or currently
use marijuana and those who have never used marijuana.

Marijuana Usage

Never used

 

" use. is

 

ﬂgye ever used
n. . H,. ,.”nw,.u ..
Total adults 1 §_
By Age
18-29 54
30-44 85
45-59 96
60 a over 98

Two out (If evur'y ten Oregon adults have at least tried marijuana,
With one out of own"; tun reporting that they currently use
marijuana. Again. it sharp difference in marijuana usage is
observed between younger adults and older adults.

Change In Marijuana Usage

Current users
c.___ﬂr_____
Decreased usage 40
Increased usage 5
No change 52

it appears that the number of indivrcluuls using marijuana has not
significantly increased in Oregon during the year since it has
I‘t:lIlOVed criminal penalties for simple possession of one ounce or

less.
Reasons For Non-Usage

%
No interest 53
Health danger 23
Possibility of legal prosecution 4
Not available 2
Other reasons 9
Undecided 9
The federal National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse,
after an exhaustive two-vyear study, estimated in 1972 that 26
million Americans had tried marijuana, with 8 million of these
usingit regularly. The Commission recommended that possession
of marijuana for personal use no longer be a criminal offense and
that casual distribution of small amounts of marijuana not involving
profit no longer be an offense. Oregon is the only state to adopt, in
part, this recommendation, although many other states are
presently considering it.

The Oregon survey was conducted by Bardsley and Haslacher,
Inc., of Portland, Oregon, 6 marketing research firm, and consrsled
of several questions asked as part of a longer, regularly scheduled
survey of public opinion on a variety of issues.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Current non—users

 

‘f 1 The New York Titties reports thatthe
' use ‘of drugs, including marijuana, is

on- the upswing among'you‘ng people

"in the Soviet Union.

Although Soviet officials deny drug
a problem there, the
Government recently enacted tough
new drug laws designed to punish
drug users.

In a sharp departure from normal
practice the official newspaper of the
Young Communist League has
reported in detail the recent bust of a
young Soviet citizen for peddling
packets of hashish.

According to the Times, official.

newspapers rarely, if ever, talk about
drug cases—and the tactthat a hashish
story was played prominently
indicates that the article was a warning
to other potential drug sellers.

The Times adds that Soviet youths
are able to obtain marijuana which is
cultivated in Soviet Central Asia. The
newspaper says pot is also shipped to
major cities throughout the USSR.
from the Caucasus and from the port of
Odessa on the Black Sea. (ZNS)

*

A group of young, dopevrsinoking
Australians has lorri'icd a nationwide
union and political party to push for
legal lilrll‘lelrltltl in Australia.

The organization, fv'iriiied two years
ago, is known as the Dope Smokers
Union ~-or the "D S.U." and is
currently generating $65,000 (dollars)
a year in income

The D.S.U. has run
udverlisemenis in Australian
nowspajziers, UfftHllll'j niaiijuiinii,
hashish Lllttf "Buddha Sinks” which
through the

downs of

at": flit:- tops of [)L)l [)ltflllii
lllrllfS. An ounce oi tﬂtft‘l tilill'ljtliltlrl
sells tor flui‘l (dollars Willi [hr-A rlei‘ci
profit hieiinj used to hintin'u USU.
jiolilicitlJnctivrlies.

'l'lio r‘l(lVHI‘lISUIllUIllli iii iniwspojirri‘s
make a special introductory offer of (I
from "joint" to (inyrnnr: who wants to
suiiijilo one.

’l'lir- USU 's founder Peter (filmy
stiys that (iltliouqh the Union's
tll'llVlll'ESi .iro technically illegal, the
j'trtllt'“ Will not move illjr'lllli‘vl thr: USU
luz-rtuuso llli4‘I'(j(llll2(31‘fillerl.‘ gathered
iiiltr'iiiiiiiriliiiq irifor'riiutiriii aboutjiolit'o
rirrlIVilios related to narcotics
~an mire might.

the party's platform calls for
lwtjulizing Illr'll'lelrlliri growing,
lotjrilixing pI'OSllllllli'Jll, «liltl
unnourriging people to go ltrle to the
fund turd run farms. The DSU. says it
.ils. plans to establish u lr'civel sorvrcu
LlIJSI<JllULl especially for people fleeing
from dope charges.

The party states it Will rim l2.
l'rlllCllllrllE‘li in the
elections in Austriilni

Also in Australia, st line hit iii~:r‘:'. lier"
twin l‘tltzillilj iniirijutinri ilS fll|:.'ll major
trash alter lllle:.'rlSOlltll
destroyed their lobiicco crops.

The Australian mrigazu'ie Notion
lievrcw alOl‘lS that the pot trade has
grown iiilo a multimillion dollar

riuxl li‘flftlitll

Pl'l lit I‘lllflS

industry which is expanding lasteven ‘

though police continue to bust both
smokers and farmers. I
in one section of Australia, however,
about 100 miles northwest of Cairns,
farmers are reported to have grown so
tired of police raids, heavy lines and
jail sentences that they h‘ave formed an
armed militia to protect their pot fields.
A reporter from Nation Review, after
a first-hand look at the marijuana
plantations, writes that the farmers are
well--—-armed and mean busin(ezslsj

 

JANUARY 28, 1975

 

 he Ddi‘nlndnt‘ISociety

Tattle Editor:

In the Central Council meeting of January
22; I975. the chairperson of CC. presented a
resolution that'proposed a 67% cut of all the
budgets of the ethnic groups on campus. His
rationale was I) the money given to these
groups is "astronomical." and 2) that these
groups "breed hostilities“ on campus. The
chairperson recommended it 67% budget cut
us it mcrins to everituully climinulc rill ethnic
orgllnllilllon on campus, and having these
orgunivrilions "absorbed" by the larger
general S.A. organizations. During the
dchriic. no non-council members were zitluwml
in spctik. though representatives of Fiicmi
Lnlinu, on the tiffcclcd groups . were asking to
be recognized.

Though the resolution was overwhelmingly
defeated. I feel that its implications rirc
iniporlnnt to understand rind I sincerely hope
lhtll ii dcblilc will be wung in the ASI’. so that
we may all rciich it higher Icch of truth Illllf
ctiirity an the question. The following is my
contribution to the dchtitc.

When the chairperson strilcs thut cthnic

’ groups rirclrccciving astronomical sums of
money. he is merely displaying his ignorance
and racism by implying that I) non-Ariqu
liilcnl is inferior and not worth the stunt:
money as Anglo talent and that 2) nun-Anglo
cultural expressions are limited and
redundant. therefore only one or two illllllllll
activities pcr ethnic group will suffice. ur ihril
J) ethnic groups should give up their culturzil
integrity rind should move along the pritli of
acculturation. or 4) rill of'thc above.

As to his argument that ethnic groups brccd
hostilities. the chairperson isngriin sliuwcring
us with his ignorance and racism. Ilc is
implying that the ethnic groups llfl.‘ ilic
"problem."

His implications do not have rin ounce of
originality bill du hnvc un idciitil'iublc bltsis.
'l'hut busts is the riicisnr rind lIllOlCl‘ilIICL‘ of
cultiirul pluralism thiit exists in the dominant
society. The chairperson is not entirely to
blame for his beliefs. He is it product ufn claiss
divided society where the cxpluilntiuri of
people by people is the bilsis of its suciu~
economic system.

Racism rind intolerance of Cllfltlrilf
pluralism crinnut be erased front this campus
in long as they continue to be u purl of the
ideology of the dominant society. They can
however be ullcviritcd by encouraging the
ﬂourishing of ethnic organizations illlll
encouraging the general Anglo cuiiiriiuriily tu
ritlcnd ihc rictivitics sponsored by the ethnic
organizations.

I cungrtitulritc the Central Council for
rioting responsibly in defeating the resolution.
itllll lurgc them to attack problems from their
rnuls. not their symptoms.

.Iuiin 'l'iiu Mulcndc/
Assistant Cuurdinrilur
l-‘ucr/ii l.illllt:l

Voters' Choice

To the Editor:

On December 3. I974 ihc SUNYA Student
Assnciuliun begun elections for vucnricics uii
Ccnlrril Council rind for officers rind council
members furlhc Clussuf ‘78. In both L'lcctiurts.
EOI’SA endorsed candidates for the
positions. For both elections. EOI' students
were not ritlnwcd to vote by S.A. uppuiritcit
I‘otI—Wrilchcrs. It is this disfrrincliisciiirnt ul’
EOI’ students by S.A. which hits pmvukcrl unr
deninnd thin the elections of DCCCIIlhuI' 3-0.
I974 tic (lectured invulid. and thin new
elections be cstnblislicd.

Knowledge of disfrnnchiscmcrit of students
reached our office on December It, 1974. It
Pusan when Jimmy Brown‘s nlllllt.‘ was
'"cltlllly removed from the clectiun lirilluls.
ltrnwn wris running for the office of l’rcsulcnl
0f the Cltiss of ‘78. Iru Ilirnhtium. Vice—

 

IANUARY 28, 1975

President of six. trimmed Brown of his ,

alleged ineligibility sighting Brown‘s failure to
pay his class dues as a problem.
Facts

I. Jimmy Brown is a member ofthc Class of
‘78 in good standing at the University.

2. The EOP Program. Ofﬁce of Financial
Aids. und the Bursar have verified records of
payment on bills for Brown including class
dues. ‘

In our analysis of the situation. EOPSA
found that S.A. was supplied by the Bursar
with diltil on studentriccuunts. Included in this
mutcriul was information on class dues rind
student tux payments. It wris lulcrtidmittcd by
S.A. that thc dritli supplied rind used \VllS. in
fuel. lllllCCUI‘IllC since much nftlic information
tiiid nut been updrilcd. This. cxpluincd S.A..
was the L'illlsl.‘ of Brown‘s niiinc being
removed. His name did not :ippcur an the
dated sticcis.

Facts

1. SA. did nul littcrnpl to correct the
siluuliuri urttil iil'lcl' lhc rcriiuvul ul' Brown‘s
nnmc lruin ltic htrllut.

2. Although SA. cumpcnsnlcd for thc
riiistiikc by intrilidnling DCCL‘IlIhL‘I' lhird‘s
(law til ‘78 clccliutis. still it Ilii'gu .NUllIIIL‘l'Il of
\ulrl“ \icrc illtL'tlIIClllL'Il In the circumstances
unuhcd. Mun) trutcd lu rciuru lu rc-ciist ihuir
\ulc.

.l. l‘l\i‘ 15) I-()|’ II'L‘\llllICII. \\llli.\l.‘ minim
wcr'r Hill on the uut-drrtcd shorts \wi'c iiul
(‘lriss ul '7h'
rind L'criliul ('uiiiiuil.'l licsccriscsru'c presently
brinu ducuniuntud by ti()I’SA.

-t. ('ciilrul (‘uurilil Iitccliuns l'nr' Duccrnbcr
1. I‘m “L‘l'L‘ iiul LfcclilI'Ltl iii\iilid. risii rcsiill of
these \lllllcllh bring Lll‘ifl'illtL‘lllSL‘lf.

their art still runny qltihlilitls. i‘ulntiiig in
this ciiiirc siruriliun. llltlf lirn‘c bccti lcfl
iiituiiaiici'cd.

1. Why \\iI.\ cuntnlcnlint Illfltlllltllflill un
\llIllL‘lll ricuiiiiilx wright by 5A.. illlll thud in
llic cluclurnl pron-“2'

2. hihcuwul such inturniuliuri purl ul SA.
cluclinn pmrcdlli'c"

t Writ- I()|' \Illllcllls lllL' urili students
lll\|lilll\'lll\L‘tl'.'

4 Isrliutncmigtil siur'rigcul hullui bun-s in

illllHtL‘ll to tote iii hulli clucliulis

I'C\ILfL'IIt.‘L' gums ltlui'in ruuriisliilm jiurrnissiblc
lllldL‘I SA. ch‘clrriti prucudurc'.’

5. l\ nut .i \Illld if) and ltl.\ cunt \llflleL‘IIl
lur rm L‘lCClIult'.'

lhr cffccls ul this cnlirc iiirillur. lliuiiuli.
wcniingti iiisigriilicniil lu Sludcnl
.\\mcnuiun. ill‘L' niust dislurbirig lu l-'()I’S/\.
\\‘r \IL‘“ this IIL'l by Sludcnt I\s.\llcllllllill us
bring highly lfihcl'flllftililltl‘). bilist rind
Hipull) rinprunctiirig rzicist. Wu sll‘ullgl)
dcnirind lliul utt L‘lCCllulls Ill l)crurnhcr .l-(i.
W74 tn- Llcctuiud lIIHIllll rind llltll Rich
(iiccnhurg hr rutiiuwd [ruin his pusiliull lib
.'\L'llltll-l‘lL‘L'|llill l'urnriiixstuiicr'.

llir .'\lcmtiursriruf Rupicwiilrilncnit |‘()I)St\

Buzzing Around

To the ICditur:

Il scents lhril llli,‘ bust jilncc In ClllCll ii hit/I
llll rumpus I.\ III lhc lihr‘nr‘y. anr :il'tci ycrir'.
slllllcltlh airr plrigiicrt by the incessant turning
of lltr llIIt‘lL‘\CL‘lll lights lhiit SCUP irilu c\cry
nuuk illle cumin uf llic libiury. llic jii'ublciii is
ri minus uric. Nu UllL‘ litcx in study llIlLfL'l' the
[cur Illtlt it grunt snaiirn u| bccs is about to
attack; \cl lhu sitiniuuri I‘Cllllllllh unchriiigcd.
flllh Ulillﬁlulllxlltlluhs. hypnuliuhuiic Iiiiiy. iii
incl. tic pairlly l‘USpOltblblC tui’ llic llltrlll'y'h
rcpulnliun us it good pliicc to much up uii sums:
slccp (thcrc :iic ltiusc. huwcvcr, \vliu insrsl ihrit
ii urit'urtunritclj kccps ihcni i|\tlll\'c).

ltiilil tlic lihrui’y dues something ribuiit llll.‘
tin/ling lights. I suggcsl ltinl sludcrils study in
llicir' ruutiis. l'liis ifucsii'l riicnn yuii still won‘t
crilch u hull. but iii lcrisi )uii'll bc nblc in gel
yuur work done.

lhcri. ugriiri....

Slcvc Iiurch

I'Iir Albany Student Press rurvrwni'
l/tl’ .w/r right In prim ur urlr’r LUIIUI'S IU Illt’
Iz‘ilimr. Sir/min /r'/I('I‘.t hymn-rilqu m (‘(‘
130 jur mnxidr'r'ulmlr. Arr/i l/lIJ.\'(‘ rim/i

tllll/ Ir'ln'ri' muting. ﬁll/rs!

 

 

 

“Cooperation and Production

"It is infect nothinglshart of a miracle that
the modern methods of lmlrurlion have not
yet entirely strangled the holy curiosity of
inquiry;for rhis delicate linleplam. aside from
stimulation, stands mainly in need of freedom:
wilhour this [(3095 lo wrack and ruin without
fall. "—A lberl Einstein

' We intend to inaugurate n co-opemtivcly
owned. edited. and published journal from
which we hope will emerge new insights into
both traditional and experimental disciplines.
We believe that an independent periodical
mriy stimulate our curiosity by encouraging us
to transcend the conventional boundaries of
urthudux scholarship. Because this will be ii
cu-upcrutivc forum. it may encourage the
growth of ii gcnuinc community of scholars
drriwn from it“ backgrounds rind points of
View. rind permit the niutuiil consideration
rind curiiinunl exploration ufvitul intcllcctunl
principles. And because this publication will
be uiirs. it will challenge us to mrikc of it what
WC Cftll.

We hope that its content will be fruitfully
Lll\'CI'SL‘ ilIld thus provide at forum for u

continuous intercbli'ige of ideas within-rid.

outside our respective departments; cndtlm It _

will enable teacher and «mm alike to escape

the fetter; of numiw specialization und

academic sterility. Tending to be more

provisional than conclusive. more

interrogativc than declarative; the journal will

attempt to foster communal interaction in two

ways: it will encourage students to engage

more actively in the experience of education.

rind in the process of self-discovery; and it will

try to reunite us with our colleagues. with

whom we share a profound interest in humane
studies. ‘

We invite all those interested to join with us

iii an open meeting hon Monday. February 3.

7:30 p.m.. in HU-354.

Erich Nussbaum

Sigurd Juncker

William Grimes

Alfred Finkelslein

Hurry Stutey

Michael Kuufmrin

Jeffrey Bcrmnn

Notes From the House of the Dead:

His Arm in the Till

Sci unit University officials lirivc nut rjuitc rccupcrrilcd from thSCilnllilf six months rigo lhul
uncuvci'cd L'ririipus ('cnlcr Director Tom Withctrn's exploits. Wilhelm who distinguished his
C(IfL‘L‘I' ill Sit N YA with murc filth written about him in Cumpus Center clcvrilnrs than any other
iiiditiduril. wiis lurind with his fingers in the till. Itct'urc something ruttcn was discovered in
Dcnmrirk by IJSA slcuths. Wilhelm riiiinrigcd to bill: the university and students for scvcrril
thousands of dullrirs. minus the gratuities lhlll sumc affectionate students iiirinugcd to secure

by RUIN!” Mayer

from their buss.

Well it has hrippcricd iiguin. liiiciilty Strident Association is silent rind so is Security and the
I)..»\.‘s office. this is Wftill we have pieced together from several sources.

I-‘d Allis. nliu just rcccntly ruccivcd n liurimntril prumutiun in charge of cash register
upciniiuns. nus rlimn crud with his whole unit in the lift. The figure is somewhere between I6
mid 20 thousand, possibly more. rind according to Assistant Director of University Police

lliltllllgtln. “inmlws tiiiridrctls of transactions.“

Asid'c from the obvious L‘lllhtlrf‘rlbslllcnl in the University which now credits two nirrjor
sclllltltIlN. lhcw exploits rirc rusting students it Iut of money. ’l'licjub (if ihc University Police is to
lIl\L‘.\lllelL‘ llicsc kinds llf curriiptiuri but thcjub of Faculty Student Assuciuliuii personnel rind
Student ‘\ffilII'b utt’icc is to insure that these things don't go on for ycrrrs without being

llltL‘llt crud.

Hundreds of mun Iiuiirs tirivc lilrcriily bccn spcnl to unravel these gross cxumplcs of
cinhc/llcnicnl \ihilc ccrtriirily bcticr time could be spent scrvirig its clients.

.\ull': A i't‘icnd uf mine wris employed with FSA lust Spring rind ul'icn Iwuirtd visit Iicr til the
Iixcciilivc I’urk ()t'l'iccs. It was there that I met Ed Adis who Was the sinunchcst anti-Nixon
pursuit in llic building simply liccriusc the former t‘rcsidcrit wrrs “uri 8.0.H. cruuk." It rill gocsto
shun Illill lhcrc is no curnrtidct‘iu riiiiuiig lliicvcs.

*ttititi’ititt

It liars Old Home chk Friday night for Illillty SUNYA graduates who (.1an 10 sec The Star
Springtcd \Vushbuurd Ilriiid. lliil the experience wris vcry different from those duys when the
group \iuuld play on rlic Suite: Oiuid lawn with their sirnplc iiiicrunhuncs. Sum llruuk's I’.A.
system rind worn out instruments. ()ri liriilriy night they were :ill Pro and the old timers cnuld

uni) sli)‘. “Wuu. tlicy lirivc changed."

iiitttﬁiiii'ﬁ

lllih is llll.‘ ugcndri lur cunccr'is this scincstcr. Sutid rind sci: Feb. 7. Billy Cubhrim: Feb. 2i.
Mill'sftilll tucker tllilf lihin Bishop. lictlur than Mil)!th April ll. I-‘ucus; April 24. Zuppu.

lingers Crossed: BillyJucl; .Icft’crsuri Strirship.

Allcl' it rcmiii'kribtc l'illl suiiicslcr. University Spciikcrs Forum is wurkirig uul another fine
slltll‘ ul sjicrikcrs. ()u l-cb. ll (lL‘ttrgC I’Iiintun will spcrik on “My life from the Packers to
l’lznbnj.“ ()n I-'cb. Ill Nichulris Johnson will speak on “flow to Achich notoriety in un
lltiltlt‘lltills (im L‘l‘lllllclll job. On Feb. 25 Suprcmc 'I'rckkcr'Gcnc Rudcnhcrry will discuss “Why
there slirillltl bc courses on Slur 'l'rck iii Cullcgcs l‘urlriy." April it will bring Sul Gordon and a
discussion on “Why llic urgrisin is infinitely superior to gcliiiighigh." April 23 thruugh 25 Alger
Hi» “I” discuss "l‘ttlm lhc Stiitc llcpru'tiiicnl tu SUNYA rind rill bccllusc til Richrird Nixon.“
I-inul|_\ April 30 lsiiuc Asiitiuv spanking uii “SUNYA us it Scpni‘iilc Cclcxliril liritily."

\urr'. llic Illtlltch urid dines rir'c ll'llL‘ bill the titles urc :idiillri'ulcd frinltisy.

tﬂ'tittttitttti

“\ulL‘s hunt the Hulth uf ilic Dead" will be rippciiririg wcckly. I would iipprcciiite any
Illlill'llltltlllll of import you wish to be made public. I would ntsuripprccintciiriyinformation you
llltl) turn“ lllIIl suriicunc clsu wishes to be miidc public. Ilul lwuuld be most appreciative about
inturriiiiliuri iiidiiidiinls wiin tu rcmiiiri privaitc. 'I‘hrinks. -R.M.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

f»

 

 

 

