 

‘ matt the‘yhoopTe

e kinks?

ain't sp A’n'gf-thgef grass ain't- riz,

\

comm

,wiiieiréihé‘bargai... is: at Just asbha‘

iust  few

of our

; i .99
ms

{quantities limited—come early

 

v here's a sample of‘some of our
many new.‘24r‘ecord sets in the

,i... :3~...1 4- he

stove winwood

stephen stills chuck mangione

sect '
- an inning
11"" ’ ’7

 

david bowie

maggi bell

 

british bargains
6
panel .01)“,
mike 0' genes/s fayd

Incredible

many, many more imports at
the bloody low price of only

$2.99

tapes for two idollars that is)
8 tracks 8. cassettes

 $2.00

bob weir
santa‘na miles
cream

garcia

laura nyro

climax blues band
miles davis

iohn m'claughlin

grateful dead triple play tape only $3.50

hundreds more to choose from

 

8 track
special

only $2.99

lou' reed-z transformer
berlln
rock n roll animal
the kinks: everybody's
_ in show business
Adavid bowie: plnups

 

 

.I‘i‘lti‘viii ‘lttiii '.‘.t‘ > -: tll i”ti\

. C'Qmﬁl $99 US

at  w  84 Central ave.

 

 

 

Penny Pinchin'g I

To the Editor:

llelpl ‘We‘re in serious trouble. The fate of
public higher education in New York State
(and particularly here at Albany State) is in
the balance.

Recently. in everybody‘s surprise. the New
York State Legislature cut 8 million dollars
out of SUNY‘s budget (ti budget that was
already at an austerity level). This could mean
a trillion increase (il'iiSll-li/llll. Allmrri' Sllllt'
rt't‘t'll't’ll Ilit’ ltrrgesl cm of all the University
Centers by losing “04.000110 We 'are the
third largest Center yet we reccchd the largest
ctit iii the btidget. We‘ve been screwed!

This cut of $itl)4.tllll) could result in the
following cutbacks: I) flit: loss ol [541)
/lll'llll'l'1/llll6‘8.\'lll)l"ll'l rial/'1taxi/ions. As it is
CLASS ‘S ARE OVERCR()WI)EI). and it
this cut stands it will be a lot worse: 2)
Counsellingservices. including career. and
psychological counselling. academic
advisement. ltcaltb services. recreation and
activity programs. and other student support
services will be sharply curtailed as it result of
the loss of It! to 22 .vtiitlillil .i'crv'ii'i‘x .viiil/
numbers; 3) A reduction iii the physical
Illllllllt’llllllt‘t‘ of the campus4) A redtictioii of
liliurmj' acquisitions; 5) Almost all other
aspects of campus It'll! will be affected as
virtually every part of the University
operations is cut back.

There’s still tittte to prevent this
catastrophe. At thckcnd ol the Legislative
session requests for supplemental
appropriations come before the legislature
and if ciiottgli support is sltovvii we have it
good chance of having this necessary money
restored to our budget.

in the cotiiing days. there will be letter
writing tables set up all over campus. At these
tables each student will be provided with
paper and all the liccc."iil'_\’ iiiloi'inatioii to
write letters to your own legislators. .‘l li-I/cr III
(I /cgi.vlti/iii' i.\‘ 'l‘lllz‘ /iiu.vI l'l/l’t'lll‘t‘ Hill at
.v/iiiii‘iiig .\‘ll/l/ltll'l. and it takes only a lifl‘liilliitl
effort on the pitrtofan individual. At the same
time SASU (Student Association, State
University) and UUI’ United University
l’rolcssions) will be giving this el'loi't support
and strength downtown at the Capitol.

A few minutes of time given by each ol us
can make the difference iii turning back this
threat to our education and our reputation asa
school. Write a lt'llt’l‘. II t'tlll/t/ llIll/vl‘ l/It‘
lllllt't't‘lti‘t'.

'at ('ui'i'ati. I'i‘csident Sttidcut Association

Community

Enlightenment

To the Editor:

I write this letter in response to the ASP
tirticle of March lit. by Paul I’elagiilli entitled.
"Retarded Remain in Background ol
Festivities.“ I would first like to congratulate
Mr. l’eliigttlli for an article well writceii. l'lie
mes-WEI: Of'l'elcthon being for the sole purpose
of raising money to help the “retarded”
(actually developmentally liiindicuiiiic‘ll
children ill Wildwood School was well suited.

APRIL 11, 1975

but, l‘m afraid Mr. Pelugtilli displayed his
Ignorance on the subject as well as those be
criticized.
“.lnlzlnr‘.all’titlll£:‘gall‘i spoke “on how the facts of
. ess were buried“ and that in
short. lelethon ‘75 "missed the point.“ Mr.
Pelagalli even went as far as to suggest that in
the luture.a “mentally retitrded“cltild or more
correctly stated. a child with learning
disabilities be brougltt onto stage. If Mr.
Pelagalli had been present at the opening
hours of Telethon ‘75 as well as the morning
and early afternoon hours on Saturday. he
would have witnessed just his. One of the
stttdents of Wildwood. a seven year old girl
named Christan. appeared on the TV portion
with Karen and myself. while we were
describing the Wildwood School aiid its
function in the community. To say that we
tried to bury the facts on “mental illness“ is
unfair!

A community enlightenment drive was a
major it not the all eticotiipiissiitg goal of
l'elethoii '75. lo achieve this. many 'l‘cletlion
stall and Wild wood School personnel. spoke
iit meetings ol various civic grotips in the tri—
city area. as well as local school l‘lA
meetings. Reprcsciitiitiv cs ol l'cletlion and the
Wildwood School also appeared on radio talk
shows and local I\' talk shovvs before the
actual lelctlioii. Match 14. to iiilorm the
community about the event. and the
\\'ild\vood school respectively. When we
appeared on Wll X's Dialing ltii’ Dollars. a
show directed at community happenings. a
Wildwood mother brought her son Michael
with her. During the "Inc" broadcast of the
show. Michael was hiniscll. No efforts were
iiuidc to stifle any oI Iiii "normal" actions
action that would indicate that he was
burdened with a learning disability.

liaclt year.the cliiiirpcrsiiiis iil l'elcthon try
their best to reach out it! those less informed
uiid ignorant to the Wildivood School and the
task it laces ol educating children with
learning disabilities, And. by looking :it the
financial piogt‘css lclctlion has tirade in the
past ten years. [would say that ciicli year we
succeed in reaching out a little bit more.

lirnie Sprunce

For the Record

To the Editor:

the contusion ol the week ol March 9 « I4
has brought lortli many rumors and much
mismlormatioii concciriing the present status
and liitiire ol |‘()|’SA on tliisciiuipus. lwould
like to attempt to clarity some piiiiits with
respect to these questions. I have not done so
till now.

f’ll stly. adi'essing t)lit\L‘l\i.'\ to the question
ol l-(ll’Sv\'s budget [or 1975-76. Ilic
blitiﬁlitlll which was passed by Centittl
Council in tile |5iiicrgeiicy Meeting on
Monday. March It). I975. was vetoed the
tollovviiig \\ cdncsday night by the President
ol SA suppoitcd by it iiiaioiily \otc ol the
('ouncil. lli|.\ action. taken on the part ol SA
1 \ccutivc liiancli aiidCoiincil. was done in an
attempt to,

invalidate the meeting ol Monday.
klaich Ill. I‘l75..ind the decision thereol.and

lCltlI'll |'()l’SA‘s budget proposed to
the budgetaiy process iiiun ellort to make that
mechanism cllcctnc. At present. i()I’SA‘s
budget loi I975-7ti is in limbo. .. are the
proposed budgets loi' some 40 other
otgani/ations ltinded by SA.

Since the activities ol Wednesday night.
members of Hil’SA. Student Association.
Central Council members. concerned faculty
and stall ol the University. and the ()Ilice of
Student Affairs. have made painstaking
cllorts to review and analylc the situation. in
an analysts ol the events lciiditig to Monday
night‘s limergctiey Meeting. and the
subsequent budget veto on Wednesday. this

The Albany Student Press reserves Ilit'.\'illt'

rig/H In print or t'tlil [client lo the i‘tlilor.

.S'itliiilii lt'llt‘l'.\ ’I'l'l’lz'lHi'l'I'l‘lz'N to ('uni-
[HM (‘ciiii'r It’iimii 126.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

'govemr‘nent'syatem. responsible o Itic

Conditions. The problem sirens indentil‘tcd'

were: (i) the budgetary process, and (2) .acq‘uiiinted with the‘trcachinaofthe nominee ‘-
inadcquate representation on. Central and to stildenttwlio‘lliave been enrollcdihj _
_ -. I -« course of the nomin‘éedl’ersons initiatingund, I.

Council.

Another area of corich with respect to our
present situation. yet overlooked by the
group. is the apparent lack of minority
(Blacks, Pucrio Ricans. Arabs. Asias. etc.)
representation in the offices and departments
coming under the Dean of Student Affairs.
Again. if we are to improve the state of things
for nowand the future. 1 would think it im-
perative that sortie action be taken in rcc-
til'ying this situation. With your assistance.
and that of concerned others. lsliall work to
bring change to this problem area.

I‘d be [lie/art. at this point. to insist that you
go home and forget the events of that week—~
wounds as deep as ours don't heal in it day.
Noram l asking that you forgive those persons

‘4 ) .3". ' ".' " . ‘. h.. ‘ ‘ '
l H mm“ 0" mHMml‘ “mm” ""0" u“ ‘md supportingnominations may he called upon at

‘),.'-i'-'v in; .“n . .-
turtrgiiniration. loi only we ctn dLliilL and u “Hm, dun. m submit long”. 0‘

as ss our worth and the worth of our group. rcwmmmd“mm.)
[hey a re only contributingtotheproblem tttid (4) A“ mm"). members are CHEW“ for
not proposinganyellcctive solutions. lIiSlCﬂd~ nomination with the following exeptions:
I ask that we rise above all of this in the
knowledge that we now havean active role in
establishing a system of government attemp-
tingtodciilequitablyl'orallpttrties concerned.
lirciltlic Stokelin. President. liOl’SA

instructors who ha\e completed less than one
y air of pi'olessional obligation at the
University. assistant instructors. persons
having temporary appointments. members of
the faculty enrolled in it degree program at
SUNYA. cnieriti. administrative officers.
including technical staff members. yvlto are
concerned with cdtteation and research
programs; non-teaching library staff.

l'his year’s selection committee. appointed
by the President. includes four faculty
members: Lois Chitb Ronald .l'art'ell. .loliii
Levato. and Stepliciiulfi‘iiwn: and three
students: Rhonda Alicia-Cyndi Cassaro. atid
To the Editor: Rory Rollnick.

lliis year. two ()utstiiiiding Teachers attltc All ittyiiiiiiiitioiis should be ﬁrm to:
SI'NY-Albany Sl'lqupllb will be,‘ selected to ()iitstandiiig leaclict‘Avviii'dsL'ommittcc.c o
"cccivc iuli lLC Hit i. and l l c: ‘ l)‘. l-‘dvvi‘ .lcnviiis ssi to the
fl\\tli't.l. I iviim; filL‘li‘llEiL‘I‘gQi'tl' liiii :iciiiiciiii‘c P"iric‘siticiiliviiiziriiil‘fi .i til-um litumv.
community are invited to submit nomations APR”. 25. forms may be obiaiiied at the
according to the procedures outlined below: iiiain iiiloriiiatioii desk iii the Campus Center

(I) Atty student or faculty member may and at Departmental offices.

initiate a nomination.

Quality Counts

John S. levato

 

Castles Burning:

I Hope it‘s not Sex

 

 

 

by Ken Wax

Man has the iiniqticability to bind time. | hrougli recorded history. sticcessive generations can
use iirid build upon the experiences of their forefathers. So. “’1‘ know that pregnancy and sexual
intercourse are related. Bill the question is: "NW ("1/ I/lt‘l' original/yr llllllvt' lllrll illicov‘crrf‘

Keep in mind this happened a long. long time ago. Language was still iii the planning stage.
there was less talking arid more touching than there is today. these were simpler times. before
society decided the human genitalia were repulsive and that they always needed to be covered.
People were toiicliiiigeacli otlterall the time. and quickly they l -iirned what parts lclt ilie nicest
vvhen touched. llierc was alot of sci‘cvving going on. and of a variety more casual than today‘s.
\onc in that “He'll have Itl lulu: lllt' iii/I [or dinner. I/it‘ll dancing tlllt/ lllt‘ll . . . iiitri'lit'" stuff.
People would look at each other. and it the spark was there. they would liiid a grassy clearing
and enjoy each otlicr"s bodies. llien. they would fall asleep in each other's arms. the sun and
winds gently caressing their bodies.

llict’L' were a lot oI pregnant women those days.

In the beginning. a lertile woman would be continually pregnant. Everybody is touching
cvciybiidy.so upon reaching puberty she would swell tip. and nine nioons later ii kid came otit. A
ten moons pass. and she noticed she was swelling again. out popped (just a figure of speech. no
letters. please) another kid. and the whole process started again. When menopause 'ame. early
vvoinaii breathed a sigh ol iclicl and started to walk upright once again.

(lttc eon it was noticed that not aliwoinen did this swelling bit. Some females. particularly
those who had been away Iroiii other people for a long time. did not get pregnant. Women who

adii‘t seen their lcct in decades saw a possibility . . . the hope . . . that their daughter's might
be spared pregnancy. Amid powerful background music. research begins. , . .

It took centuries. but one by one. the various liypotlic. s were tested and found to be
incorrect. livci'yonc had their httiiclt as to what catiscd it. and gtie. ’ about diflet'ent
combinations of loods.souiids. gestures. actions etc. could be lotiiid everywhere. Many bruv‘e
women. devoted to science. lived their lives without ever bititig their toenails. or eating
elieesehurgci‘s. l he road to the big discovery was paved with multitudes of such sacrifices. And
the path led to i/mi day . . . .

it was an average cav cday. nothing otit of the ordinary. Ilie menwercall trying to invent the
wheel. and the women were eating pickles and icecrcamdie domesticated pet rocks singingand
playing in the fields. llut. today the answer was due.

A crowd lorrncd at the science litii when the sun was at its highest piiiiit in the sky. The four
scientists came oitt and the eldest read the report. It was direct atid sititple:

"lhe conclusion of our studies is that sex is directly related to the propagation of the
species."

At tirsiaelieer went tip truth the men. btit this was followed closely by confusion as the
iowusmeii lottiid out \\'lltll the scientists had said. Cries ofdistippointment filled the air. “Hell.
the party‘s over." "l‘ot‘ crying out loud!" Cliches were beingcoined left and right. when the eldest
scientist cleared his throat. and the crowd quieted . . .

“liiit we‘re working on this pill. . 

.‘l/ltl ii ("ll tli.vi-ii.v.i l/ltll Ilt'.\'l ii'uck. ll'llt'll ll't' .ch iii/u i'oiilrru'c/ilivex . . .

PAGE ELEVEN

 

~ .~. -a...:.....<..._vuwm».. ‘

we... Thaw-yw »., .. .. -

 

