 

by C.S. Santlno

Mel Brooks is back; and this time
he's brought Mary Shelley's immor-
tal monster with him.

The ﬁrst of a three-picture deal
with 20th Century Fox. Brook‘s
parody/nostalgia treat is one of the
very few comedies in recent years
that has been able to sustain a more
or less continuous stream of guffaws
and giggles—and when you get right
down to it. with Brooks at the helm
slinging out gag after gag. that‘s all
that really matters. His only concern
is to keep us laughing no matter
what it takes and at this he succeeds.
In fact, “Young Frankenstein“ is
Brook‘s most successful comedy so
far rind a welcome follow-up to his
rather lopsided “Blazing Saddles“
and a decidedly unfunny “Twelve
Chairs.“

Shot in murky black-and-whitel,
“Young Frankenstein“ is Brook's
playful stab at the thirties horror
classics. specifically .lames Whale‘s
"Frankenstein" and “Bride of
Frankenstein." The tip-dated farce
concerns one Frederick Frankens-
tein (played with fervor by Gene
Wilder). the grandson of the in-
famous Baron Frankenstein whose
experiments we are all too familiar
with.

The young doctor learns that his
malpracticcd ancestor has left a last
will and testament so Fred packs for
Transylvania, leaving behind his
prissy ﬁancee. played by Madeline
Kuhn. who later in the picture does

00'

for the monster's bride what she did
for Marlene Dietrich in “Blazing
Saddles.” At the Transylvania sta-
tion. the good doctor meets his tw0
new tab partners. one of which is an
empty-headed blond named Inga
(I'eri Carr) who invites Gene Wilder
to a “toss in the bay" and stands
around looking pretty and playing
straight. The ' other assistant.
naturally. is the hunchback Ygor.
played by British comic Marty Feld-
man. complete with billiard-ball
eyes, smart-assed wisecracks, and a
meandering hump.

The doctor is lured to the in-'

Young Dr. Frankenstein (Gene Wlider) relolcee overhle creation

evitable by the housekeeper, Frau
Blucher (Cloris Leachman). He finds
his predecessor‘s notebook (“How I
Did It") and. inspired, decides to try
his own hand at it. Securing afresth
hanged corpse, Dr. Frankenstein
sends Ygor out to the nearest brain‘
bank to fetch the old gray matter
necessary for his superman. Ygor, of
course, botches and returns with a
rotten brain which is sewn into the
body, and a monster is born.
(“Whose brain was this?" the doctor
demands. “It 'said. ‘Abby Normal'.”
replies Ygor).

“Young Frankenstein" is

tempered with a finer'controf than
achieved in any of Brook‘s previous
comedies. The pacing is nice and
even and the gagsare more a natural
consequence of the story rather than
an excuse for it. To do a film which
owes its whole premise to the
Frankenstein films. Brooks has
shelved the kind of chaotic, almost
vicious humor (and four-letter
words) dealt out in "Blazing
Saddles.“ This gets him a PG rating.
and a better film. “Young Frankens-
tein" may lack the occasional pants
wetting hysterics of “Blazing

Saddles” but we are spared its more

(Peter Boyle).

8  mates“ 1  ouster  

tedious sequences.
Despite. the “classy” subject
matter. this film is by no means high
comedy. Brook‘s spoof of the thirties

- horror flicks is something closer to

“camp” at best and “shtick” at worst.
His humor is still low brow; the fact
he'll stoop to anything for a laugh is
the mainstay of his act. And so
Ygor will occasionally resort to
Groucho Marx impersonations, the
monster (Peter Boyle) will be built
proportionater large—everywhere
(“He‘s going to be awfully popular,“
says Ygor) and the doctor and his
monster will tap dance their way
through “I’uttin‘on the Ritz" in top
hats and tails. Pretty cheap stuff. but
it‘s funny. very funny in fact. and it
works.

Surprisingly. the film hasanothcr
level of enjoyment- the constant
allusions to "Frankenstein" and
"Bride of Frankenstein.“ Brooks has
gone to a lot of trotrhlc to re-create
the look and feel of these films. So
for those familiar with the originals.
“Young Is’rnnkcnstciu" is not only
great comedy. but hard-core
nostalgia. the little girl at the well
and wooden-armed Inspector Kcmp
(Kenny Mars) who wears a monoclc
over an eye patch are perfect cx-
ttmplcs. The high point of the film.
though. is reserved for (icne
Htickman who appears. buried tin-
der shoulder length hair. as the blind
“violinist” and is as clumsy serving
dinner as we would expect a blind-
man to be.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ILf

 

 

TTlIl'l

J11

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRI. 8: SAT.

SPECIALS

GENESIS 
the lamb lies down on broadway

only $5.88

7

I:

.(V

J[
I7

,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L

.L _.L 1
r T—W

L

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ROBIN TROWER
for earth below

QUEEN
sheer heart attack

PRETTY THINGS
silk torpedo

only $3.88 each

come see us at

 icc Game Room, Mon 10 am

84 central ave.

 

a

weird some

p

THE LEGEND OF
THE LONE RANGER
starring clayton moore
& jay silverheels

first episode of the serial:
FLASH GORDON

Friday. February 28
admission: $1.50 in advance
2.

note: save your ticket stub...
it": worth 50¢ toward a
purchase at Just-a-Song t

Tickets available at:

84 Central Ave.

Palace Theatre
corner of Clinton 8: Pearl

at the
PALACE THEATRE

and

SELECTED
COMEDY SHORTS

resents

9:00 pm

00 night of show

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AL_I L

Tr

JT LL
1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 2 1, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

it

 

 

 

PAGE 8A

’ letters *

 Dual Function

To the Hilton;

One of the potentially most important clubs
on campus isalso‘onc ofthc least recognized:
PYE (Do you know what the letters I’YE
stand for‘l). PYE is the Protect Your
Environment Club here at SU NYA. Now you
might ask. as many people have. “What does
I’YE do?“ Well. I’YE serves a dual function.
First of all. I’YF. acts as a sort of
"environmental. information processing
center." receiving news of interest from area
individuals and from campus and commtinity
environmental groups (this news may include
group activities. upcoming campus and
community events. interesting news items. and
so on). I’YE then consolidates this news into
its newsletter. which is sent out to those some
groups and individuals. as well as to interested
people here on campusand in the community.

I’Yli's second role is that of an "zictiyist
group." trying to stir tip some concern about
the environmental deterioration that is going
on around us (Did you know. for example.
that according to it conservative estimate 5
tons of paper are used and discarded r'l'i'l't'
||'('t'/t on the podium? I‘ortuniitcly not all that
paper goes to the laridlill between one and
two [oils of it are recycled).

Obviously. I’Yli alone can't solve all the
cnyiroumenttifproblems now lacing us. It can
make a start. thouglifl'o ouotc:\llcn (illtsbctg.
“l he world is a mountain of Slill. If it‘s going
to be moved at all. it‘s got to bc taken by
handfuls.“

Protect the cm iioriiiicrit
"environment" too!

irltet'iill. II'S your

Mark Ralston
I'I’UICCI Your I'll\Il’ttliliIt‘lil t‘lrib

Rating the Profs

To the Iiditor:

(‘rm ri newspaper string together it group of
biased. erroneous statements. ptit quotes
around them and call it 1-. news ui'iiclc',’ IlilS
seems to he the case with a story in lricsdiiy‘s
rI.\/I t (2 IX). "AC l‘s limited llsc (‘ritrcr/cd."
which not only if raw sir misleading picturc. but
iii many cases. a blatantly inaccuiutc one. Ihc
article claims to contain "nun/our" SttlllpllltllS
of faculty and students.

Ilow random random IS the stiniplrng'.’ lhc
random sampling of true lt'iicltcts who are
quoted include 5 IL‘IICIIL‘I’S from the t 'licniistry
or IIl\lttl_\ tIL‘pitl'lliIt‘llls and one from the
linglish department. llilS IS ii \cty orange
sampling considering that l S|tcclitcrtll\ told
the reporter. when risked about tlcptililttt‘ttldl
Cooperation. that the History and ('hcrnrxtry
departments haye punch to be thc Ittiixl
uncooperative departments in the l‘lit\cl\lly.
I also said that these departments would
provide the negative side of thc story, No
quotes are included lroni thcdepnrtmcnts that
l indicated have been \cry cooperative,

lhe article was clearly intended to be hittth
against AC'I‘. as c\ rdcnced by the tone SUI lit
the opening quote. "l‘\c ncv er looked in AU
before in my life; I think it‘s bullshit." Why
quote someone who has never seen At'l w licn
thousands of people hayc'.’

Is there "An inherent inaccuracy lll Sliltlclil
evaluations.“ as the reporter L'IfiltliS in the
opening paragraph'.‘ According to the article.
two key complaints a re raised. The first deals
With a quote by Professor Elbow who says.
"Often when it pupil rcceivesrm ‘A‘. his teacher
Will receive an ‘A'; if he receiv ri ‘l)‘. lhc
teacher will get the saute.“ the second point

FEBRUARY 21, 1975

states. “Easy teachers ge‘tythe best gradin
Both of these statements are untrue. Mitch
research has been done by faculty members in
the field of student evaluations within the past
few years. Four separate and independent
studies. includingThe McKceche Report from
the University of Michigan. as well as studies
done at SUNY Binghamton. all concur in
statistically proving that the grade received by
the teacher is in no “10‘ affected by the
pmouni of work within the course. or the
grade that the student will reeei

. " //
I:lbo\v‘s statement. “ACT
sometimes inaccurate because there is no
explicit direction to leave ii question blank ifil
cannot be answered by the student." is also
inyiilid. In the instructions of the recent ACT
questionnaire. tlic follow Illg scntcncerippears:
“Please answer honestly lllltl conscientiously

I’rolcssor

nllqncstions. llowcycr. if you feel riquestion is
inapplicable. please skip it."

\t ‘l IIii\ never intended to he the gospel. ris
I'lrrlt‘wilt' .\’IL‘I.illL'll fears. It lSilll illfttl‘fililll\L‘
hookch w Inch can bc CtIIISIiIL'I'CtI"1IUtltlllyillg
ol tlicgrripcyinc" concerning student opinions
of the faculty. It should bcuscd m conitinction
with oilth xomccs. riiclrrdriig Icllow students
.ind past L'tllllilth of :\(’l (more L‘tlllltlIIS of
\t | .rrc to come), \lcl.;it’cii
continued to say that if SIIItIL'IIISIISICIIlt) .\(~ I .

l’ltilcxxril

they lllrl\ tend to avoid unpopular courses.
lhux. their libcrirl L‘iillt'dltttll will hc stunted.
llic tlllt‘\lf\||l t|i.rt ininicdinlcly “title to mind
IS. "\\h\ .iic rcit.irri t'i‘lllst'S rrripupiilnr'" \
(nurse thrrt crrirlmlmlly lifttl\\'\ poor rulings
\lltilthi. I lccl. hc \IlItIlL‘tI by thr' department
slittllltl be taken.
should not

.iiirl corrective .iction
(‘ouisu lh.rt .iic unpopular
.rrilom.irrc.illy bc nirrdc L'tlSIL'I. for CRIS) CUIIISL‘S
.rrc not lit't't'SSillliy popnl.ri courses.

\t l is .i new publication at Sl*\'\:\
\llhrrugli wc .rrc \cry SQIIISIICLI \\llIl its
pirigicxx. wr- ic.i|i/c that there IS room for
rmpioycmcnt llit coordinatoron ‘\('l hmc
.II\\tl_\\ bccn .iiid \llli iiic icccpttyc to any
t'itilSllllL‘lHL‘ L'llIlLISIII crint't‘tiiing titty aspect
of our [Iltt|t'tl.
include all
who

(hit Ilc\t
undergraduate courses. \ny
rcluses to cooperate will he \ItIICllCtI for an
cypliinution which will be pi mtcd in the book.

publication will
teacher

In order lot out “ttftIS to be accomplished. we

need the L'tIllllllllL‘ti support and hpr of the
l |ll\L'lSll_\ t'oimnrinity.

\firik (irccnhcrg

Idlittl' ill .‘\('I

Transcript Trouble

In the I‘.lIlIlll‘Z

I \\;l\lltll prepared toiitti ihiite my problems
with the l dricationrrl lcxtmg \UHICCII‘ | S) to
ylL'llL‘trlItIISirfyltlliI/illltlll within that office. bill
\I\ lliw ll.rgoricl\ lcticr r-ISI’Z || 75)
t’lllllllllh that riiy CitSC |\|ltllt.'llllli.'l} isolated.

I. too. spent iriy .lumoi \ L‘ttl abroad and am
waiting to have my Sl‘.\\ (ir.rdc Supplement
\L'ttl in rlic l lS. x\lllirtllgll the Registrar's
rIlIlce L‘IttllllS .rnd tItlL‘lllllt‘lllS lllfll they hiiyc
mailed the grades to I IS on three separate
ricciisttills. I IS llilttltilS me that they have
never rcccwcd any of them. besides oitc copy
of my coinptitcr transcript. | ctrcrs mid phone
calls to thc Registrar and to l-TIS have not
I1IL‘.IL'IIL'LI IIIIS connnunrcalion grip.

\cslt'ttltty I received ii letter from Mr.
(tit-gory l’.ipp of the law School Admission
ScI \ lCUS l)r\ thirrli of Ii l S who informs me that
.tS ol 2 7 75. HS has nc\cr received the
St NY (iindc Sripplcrncnt.

lodriy l spoke with Dr. l‘arrcll ol the
Office. who. in my presence.
telephoned I- IS. I am now conviccd that
llllllSCllplS rtr'l't' mailed by SUNY biit were
always lost in the shuffle at IS'I'S,

[be two month delay in the compilation of
my I.SI)AS summary is dircclly attributable
to I‘ IS incompetence and this may seriously

Registrar's

CdStIe's Burning

"Hi.  .iBuv You Six oririkstfflfg

by Ken Wax

Today we're going to talk about pick-up lines. and so help me. ill get any “Sexist!” letters. next
week‘s topic will be JAPS. Fair'warning. read on. I

One first notices the need for a pick up line when one wants to start conversation with a female V

be has nothing really to say to. Follow that? Good.
“Well. you should say what you feel.“saythel-get-high-on-lifm Put away the smile buttons.
kids . it doesn‘t work that way in the real world. I should walk up to this stranger and say “ Hi. my

name‘s Ken. Wanna fuck? I

So. we do need conversation facilitators. Aids to interpersonal communication. In the

vernacular: Pick-up lim‘s.

Let‘s rule ottt some old standards. “Hi. do'youcomehereoften‘?” is out. Unless of course. you
pose it in novel places. like supermarkets or hospital emergency rooms. . ‘

“llavcn‘t we met before?“ No. btit haven‘t we met that line before? Forget it. But if you do
happen to like ihc approach. tnake it more personal; say. “Didn‘t lmakc love to you in it previous
life?“ or “Wait! You’re Sally! Why Sally. I haven't seen you since you ran out on Ted who had
divorced his loyal wife Sarah just because of your office-affair.l.ittle Johnny‘s in school now.
(icorgc forgives you and Peggy-Sire wants to know where her mommy is!“ You get the idea.

the best place to pick up females. of course. is at Women‘s Lib meetings. They‘ll all think
you‘re tin incredibly 'awarc‘ male. and all these females are turned off by ‘unaware ehauvinsts‘.
so y'oii‘v c go excellent percentages working for you. And the conversation will see turn to the
t.‘tltllt'tl\ct‘sy‘ o\cr ilic vaginal orgasm. which isjust the opening you've been waitingfor. . . . .

(iii c ri good deal of thought to how you‘re going to say what you‘re goingto say. While. “You
look _|iISl like t'y'bil Shepherd" is definitely acceptable. "I likcyourtits" is frowned upon. Oh.just
for you to store avvay for future use. you never say "I really dig your body.“ The proper way to
symbolize the thought is: "Your mind. Ah. I do love your mind. .  V

flow many of you out there have already gotten pretty damn pissed at my attitude? Raise ‘em

high. . ..
thought . . .

alright. now those who approve . . .

keep them up. . . hinmm . . yup. jus‘ as It

Ilrick to the discussion. What are good pick tip litres to use? ll‘stoiigh to say. because what will
work in one case may fail miserable in another. Ilowcvcr. "I have aim of Iuoncy.“is quitc

dependable regardless of tlic .Sllllillltll'l.

Play the double cntcndrc: “Why don't we go back to my place so I can slip itito something

more comfortable like you.“

I'm \kt‘pllt‘ttl about publicly rcycaling the top secret. never fail. guaranteed. notari/cd and
documcmcd sllccchsltll pick up lines that l kuow.rind if you weren‘t soclicnp you‘d briy my book
anyway i]. \rll\i' \lr‘. l.v lflfa l’orri' I'Ir'lrlr'f' Random House Sill). but here‘s one. I'm giving it out
free. I know I'm \lr. \iccgiry. lint first let incusk the lndicsoul rlier'ctocloscthc paper. We can‘t
have them tindnig out the fine beforc yon spring it.

i iitllL‘S. IIIL‘RISL‘ close llic paper. Now. You shouldn‘t be reading this sentence. I'm serious.
rcmcmhcr what I said about doing that .lAl’ article. thank you.

It really |\ a great line. Iliink about it for it second and you‘ll see it‘ll start a conversation no
matter \\lltl|. I promise. Here it is: "llu l'iIII_/(l//_/tll‘ pir/r-rr/i Iiirrui‘"

l)on‘t forget who gave you the line. and if you do scorc. why not send inc a buck‘.’

 

jeopardizcmy chances for admission to Law
School.

We. as graduating Scuiorsnppfyingto Law.
\lcdrcul and (irriduatc Schools. are fraying
our chances for admission impaired by the
inefficiency of I‘ IS. lhis agency supposedly
lI'lL‘S to facilitate lair and simplified transfer
Iroiii one IIISlllillltllI of higher learning to
another. Instead. they appear to complicate
the situation and justify our fears that otir
lutrirc may indeed he 'n the hands of
incompetent bureaucrats.

Roy Kaufman

Abuse of Privilege

lo the Editor:

itcccmly. I read an open letter addressed to
lllt‘ l‘nncrsny community from our library
director to this letter. it mentions some good
and not-yo good points about our library.

()in library is touted as having nearly a
million \ofuiiies. Wfiilc this figure is
impressive. I sometimes find iiimpossibleto
locate the books I need. Why'.’ Because they
are "missing." I‘m sure it one were looking for
information of " l'hc foot problems of
Southeastern 'l'an/tinians." the library could
be of assistance. But anything in mass deinrind
oltcn winds tip missing.

lhis I attribute to open shelving. Open
SIICI\ org is it privilege that has been given to us
on the grounds that we are mature enouin to
iibide hy ll. Unfortunately. this has not been
the case. We library cited in the letter that
there were ()4 reported articles torn out of 34
different journals within a 45 day period last
semester. l'liesc were only I/lt' reported ones.
How many more went unreported. and in

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

addition. how many more werii onnoticed‘.l
How many journals were missing altogether?
I’m sure the total ligurc IS much higher.

fl is \ci'y crisy for pcoplt: to “beat the
system" in the libiiiiy. lhcrcnrc so rnauy ways
to get niriteriul out of the library illegally.evcn
right under the "checkers" nose!

All this ripping off is reflected back to us in
the form of proposed increased tuition rates.
and reduced expenditures by. the library
towards new books: the money being
redirected mslcnd toward the replacement of
mutilated and missing resources.

lhc answer to this problem is riot an easy
one. Wltilc closed shelving would seem to
stil\c the problem. it in itself it a problem. To
get it book wold hc ii major undertaking.
inrolying loads of paperwork and time.
Browsing would he a thingof the past: and to
simply get u book to thumb through would be
an "adventure." to say the least.
Rearrangement of the library itself would be
necessary .

My llii\\\L'l' to the problem is this: Let's
Sliliply m;‘.kc the would-be 'liihdticl' tnorc
aware of the havoc thcy 'ciiti c through their
IflL‘SPttllSll'llL' ttclS. A publicin campaign
\Iltitflti bc undertaker) (by the Library to
discourage theft and mutilation of library
materials. I‘llllglilctlllit‘lil of such people
might be the lirst step in reducingth problem
that most certainly exists in our library.
Perhaps if these people knew that someone
else needed the same article they had; they
would be less likely to rip it off. They might
simply imcst ii nickel in a Xerox copy. The
same would hold trite for books. If you need to
lake if out. line. but do it legitimately. That
way. someone else may use it in the future.

Let‘s appreciate the privilege that has been
given us, Remember that if we abuse this
privilege. we are only abusing ourselves.

Stuart Moskowitz

 

 

The Albany Student Press reserves
the .t‘u/t' 11qu in prim or edit Lcm'rs lo the
Iz‘rlilor. Submit lellers I_i'peii'rilteli to CC
3.70 for mnxiydcralimi.‘ Keep those can]:

«ml letters coming. fir/ks!

 

PAGE NINE

'\.

 

 

