  
 
  

  
 
  
  
 

 

 

photos by Tony Rose and David Slant-sky

 

 

  
 
  

  
 
  
  

Friday night's dleco.

 
  
 

    

 

 
 

 
 

 
   

 
 

 
  
   

 
 

 
 

  
 

.. ,_ we. “NM/awed...» m... ~4

 
 

 
  
   
    
    
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

Nlcolosa Mohr—welI-known Puerto Rican Graphic
artist and novelist.

       

‘ «mvwwv. _

 

 

.4. .4 ,0,“ ~-.-.¢-....... M

 

--.. ‘.-.....‘. e4." 

:L-{w-

 

-» .n- ("T/EAT

~ﬁ 'W;‘ -:

Hilda Hldalgo speaking about gay women
In a Latin-American society.

 

 

 

by thy Redo

Theseare people of color bursting forth. They are dark
like the African. They are red-haired and pale-skinned as
the Irish. They show thecreaminess of the Southern Euro-
pean. '

Yet they are uniﬁed. Latino Weekend. sponsored by
Fuerza Latina here this weekend. carried this message: the
Spanish speaking people shall bloom together.

They area transplanted people who have taken root
through the love of their native soil. It was powerfully
stated in the performance of Pedro Pietri's Puerto Rican
Obituary. by a theatergroup from SUNYat Binghamton,
called “Sentido” (feeling). They performed Saturday
afternoon in the PAC? as part of the Teatro Boriken Ae-
tivities.

The skit tells of Juan, Miguel, Milagros. Olga. and
Manuel. They have died in trying to become Americaniz-
ed. And so. says the narrator. “They died dead. They were
born dead." Yet they rise once inure to warn those that
come after, that to be Puerto Rican should not have
meant shame. but beauty; pride. not exploitation. l'hc
equality of the grave. they say. was tneant also for life,

“Aqui. (here)." says .luan. "you salute your own llag
lirst." "Aqtti." says Migttel. “there are no Dial soap coin-
mercials. Evetyhody smells good." it is wrong. sat) s
Milagros. to accept a mechani/ed pace \\ inch is not onc‘s
nature: "TV dinners do not lime a future."

"Aquil" says Olga. "the men and “omen ndntn e tlcsn c.
and never get tired of each other.“ "Aqtn!" \tt}\ .\l.tttttcl.
“‘Que pasa power‘ is what‘s happening. lo he called

 

' Negrito (dark) is to be called love!” “Puerto Rico." they
say. “is the place you should tie—even if you are not -

there."

The Latin lands were there that afternoon however.
during Teatro Boriken. They were in the id different per-
formances given in word and song which expressed the
talents. desires. and pains of the people present.

They are equally there later that evening in the Campus
Center Ballroom, as you see the people dance to themusic
and rythmnsof Orquestra Saber. The singer is dark with a
shirt that exposes a small muscular waist. and a voice
which exposes the joyful sensations of love. The people—
Equadorian. Puerto Rican, Panamanian. Dominican,
Honduran—share his message in motion.

The music here is rarely sad. Horns introduce abiaring
tempo as over a hundred dancers seem to ﬂicker across
the floor. The women‘s clothes are bright and tighten to
shape them sensually. creating a fullness of body and
movement. The men are smooth as well. though eon-
ceeding the higher radiance of their partners.

A piano and flute carry the melody in a manner both
flowing attd passionate. Suddenly the trttmpeisund trom-
bone extol a more violent and rapid pace which shall die
out anti yet repeat again. ‘I’he dancers. however, continue
as before. (inc thinks they must go faster together. apart.
around. back. Yet it is fast enough. and they blend intheir
lion.

it is the (‘onga ultich holds them above all. You feel it
at your it'L'i. lite couples pirottettc mairasthc itcilldl’iVL’S
up lrom the Hour. It is theirs. It echoes Irom the din of

 

  

llOth Street voices and Bronx EI‘I now abandoned ,

It echoes numbers where numbers-running f'tlten‘tn 1
from the street corners and Tito Puente and Key Be Me
ﬁlter out from the juke box. It echoe’sfurther rtil from
the towns of Omeovi and Morotfi; from the posh'
niteclubs of Louise Street in New San Juan to the ith
elevations of Cayey. it is within the ﬁbres mountain
people. it is Huracan. the god of storm brought from
African jungles by the Yorubas. the tribe used as slaves by
the Spanish. in Puerto Rico: all now assimilated into the
island people.

You watch the dance floor. “Aqui.” you seem to hear,
“the men and women admire desire."

But their music and words are now saying much more.
On Sunday in Brubacher Hall. with a Puerto Rican ﬂag
behind them. performers spoka and sang of the need for
Puerto Rican independence and unity of Spanish peoples.

Ramito. famous Jibnro singer and dancer. called the
Latins a “rainbow people," and as such they were
beautiful. There should not be racial differences amongst
them. he urged. because to be Puerto Rican is to be united
in cause.

For over three hours the performers sang of a need to
drive the capitalist exploiters from their land. The
audience of about one hundred‘supported vehemently.
“l ,ong lire Puerto Rieom-i‘ree and socialist!“ was the ﬁnal
cry. in Spanish. frotn protest group Sangre .loven. “Que
\iya!" ("lie it ii\‘e!") echoed back. with the strength of
many. Irom \oiees sharing cttitural growth as one.

 

Recital and commentary of Puertoﬂlcan musicwlth Sangre loven singing protest music
(above) and Ramlto singing folk music (below).

 

 

 

 

    

 

APRIL 2, 1975

 
 

 

