   
     

 

   
   

  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
   
 

     
 
 

. -._ an,“ V. v. ._. a.

«ne» . ~ ‘.

 

  
   
  
  
  
  

     
    
 
   
        
     
   
      
   
     

 

 

  

« row—a winningstreakl After being

  
 
   
  
 
  

clobberedby Union l8-2 on‘Mon—

-. day. the Danes bounced back with

consecutive wins over Fredonia. by

'an 8-l margin. and PlattSburgh, by a

’64, score. the following two days to

i finish the SUNYAC season on a wi ti-

ning note.
Coach Bob Burlingan‘ie‘s crew

‘ finishes the l974-75 conference slate

with a respectable 9-5. log winning
three of the five SUNYAC contests
this spring.

Monday‘s game was a nightmare.
After allowing Union three unearn-
ed runs in the first. Albany starter
and loser Rick Okouiewski. was
shelled for sitigle tallies in the se-
cond. third and fourth before being
knocked out itttlie sixth \\ heir Utiion
racked up four tnorc.

Rick's replacements. however.
were not tiitich better as
Kronenberger. \‘l/illougliby. and
lireglio gave tip the liiial si.\ runs in
tlte scvehth and eight frames. .loe
llrseliel knocked off tlte Danes for
the fifth ti Inc iti his carecras lie otily
gave tip three scattered hits in going
the distance. gm,

The l‘i‘cdotiia game-apt ‘l'tiesday
had a mtich better outcome. This
time. it “as the Danes who \\ ere 'do-
iiigtlie hitting and thcpitchiiigand
defense \ieren't bad. either. for a
change. But the starofthis show had
to he (ilenn Sowalskie.

The big riglithaiider pitchedaii ex-
cellent complete game victory. con-
stantly pitching out of trotible
ulienewr l‘II‘L'ditilfil would niotitit a
threat. ln tipping his record to 3 and

Women
Tracksters
Beaten

\Ibtiny State Women‘s Varsity
ti.rek team lost to fast Sti'oiiilsbttrg
.\t.ile (‘ollege lll l’eiiiisyhaiiia on
Wednesday. \lot'e itiipottaiit was
th: loss of their best sprinter.
llototliea Ili'oun. She ptilled tip
short in the 220 yard dash “till a
liaiitslt'tng injury bill trot helotc slte
uoiitlie ltltlyai'ddasliioa iecordiy-
itig ll.lt seconds,

\ctic Alciorinick rtl\t| tied lier
stfiool recoid high ttitiiping ~l‘lll"
lltat iiitiip gate llt'l .i second place if)
the etent to .ttltl to tier lit-.1 plate
Iiiiish in her l;t\titfit,‘ enetit. thi- 'sltttl
ptit.

Nancy l’aftrziti‘. had
\t.irl.tittf to: the day as she ran the
Ho yard dash. the half mile and the
mile. finishing third iti :ill‘lliree.
\Iiir. lflen fulcj. L'\ltlhll‘llf.'(l a
  't.(.‘ in the 4-10 hurdles. the
It: .‘r ‘:’r 4.- ttei' went has been rtiri by

quite a

at. who} hi'atc totttpelitot She.
lunar. and ‘.I;('otniicl. were united
by hatter-am Sentiuov: in their se-
coriti place effort lit l'tlc NU )artl
relay

lhe Vititricti tricet ('otiir'll .riid
lltirtuick today at home at l to to
close out their season, lirowii Iil}s
she will try her best lttftltllgt’ltl'. to l iiti
today. If she is unable toeoitipete. it
Will hurt Albany'scliziiieeslotailos-
trig victory.

 

 

The Podium fountain will be tiit ti—
ed on Monday. according to SA
Ombudsman Jon Levenson. A bill
passed by Central Council urged a
full-power spray‘fri" begin at l0:()t)

am. on May l2I barring m_gehanica|

difficulties.

PAGE TWENTY Six

0 on the spring. sow’alskie notched
five strikeouts. while'waiking only
two and allowing seven _ scatteer

hits. The only pitch thatcost him was

a two-out fastball down the middle
that Stu Laurie smackedyover the
left-center fence. just beyond
Milaus kits‘outstretclicd glove in the
sixth.

The Danes picked up an early tally
in the first when Carlos Ollvcrus
drew a one-out walk. stole second
and third. and scored on Union
catcher Dan Gordon's wild throw.
Three quickies in the second put the
game completely out of Fredonia‘s
reach. With two; down. Ilreglio
reached oti an error and moved tip
on a Mark Fuchs walk. I’aul Nelson
then slammed a three-bugger down
tlte riglttlield line. scoring two.
before Oliveras brouqu him in with
a line single to center.

A singleton in the sixth on a
Smttilskie single. sacrifice. grouti-
doiit. and error made it S-l. before
Albany closed ottt the scoring with
three meaningless runs in the home
eight. ()livet‘as drove in one of the
runs with a ground out and
(iittliattclli plated tlteotltcr two with
a base hit to right.

The I’Iattsburgh affair on
Wednesday was a little tougher as
the Danes bad to stave off two
I’lattsburgh rallies before trailing
down the victory.

 

atmen

'Nelson started the game with a
single and when loser John Billso
tried to pick him off, found himself
on third base. One out later, he
scored on Tom Blair‘s rbi single. to
give the Dines a fast I-Oadvantage.

ln thcthird. Albany picked uptwo
more. when Blair singled with one
out. Giulianelli knocked him in with
a double. and Breglio scored
Gittlianelli with a line triple. The
hosts came back with a pair in the
fourth to make it a 3-2 ballgume.
before winner John Dollard staved
them off.

Albany picked up tineamed runs
iii the fifth and sixth before
f’ltittsbirrgh once again cttt the lend
to one by picking up two more inthc
home sixth. l-lowever. Dollard
slammed the door aftet'tltat atid was
the beneficiary ofan eight inning iii-
surance marker. courtesy of a
Nelson sacrifice fly.

Dollard allowed only six hits
while whiffing nine and walking four
as he finished with a 5-2 mark in cott-
fcrenee play. The defense "played
real good half behind Dollard.“said
Burlingame. and it now sectiis that
everything is starting to fall into
place. Unfortunately. there are only
five games'lcft in the season.

The Danes will travel in Siena
tonight before their four-game
hoimstand closes out the campaign
on Thursday. Tomorrow. New

INERTIA

New Srivott Pie
Progrtasstve Funk 8: Danc, Band

will fit: it

Have: (,‘oloittal

[)})t‘ﬂl'lllp_"
SaturdayMtty It)

Time it pin it ('.’ltlilt

Quad lhlmtttige

Admission. $1.00 With tax

$1.50 witltoiit Lax
PLEASE IllllNU TAX CARD ANT) l’ll()()l"

(‘l’lll' li’
ffl‘..'\f\'

litll lt'iltl

YOU'kl‘ lll- \li'll

.‘itmttsii/i-i.‘ 'l’llll.‘i Il.‘ titlllllll

lltsi'i
i

.‘1' \ft )ll

l ‘r l'llIC ill "I'
INEH'I‘IA
tt'iyth’i‘t tt.’

lllllll ivitli .‘il ‘sl ‘\ \‘lft‘ i'ltili .itiil

tlt‘tlllf‘

 

    

Haven will be here fora twinbillstar-
ting at l pm. New HaVen is one of
the toughest teams around as their
third place finish in the NCAA ﬁnals

 ii‘atts'u‘rgh

last year will testify. Tuesday, the
Danes will host RPI at 3:30 and
Thursday Union will close out the
season with a 2 pm. affair.

bole

Pick oft attempt by John Dollard unsuccessful, as were the Danes
versus pictured New Paltz.

 

 

Mountain Productions 0
present in concert ‘

’ Bonnie Roitt
’ with special guests

E Buddy Guy 8:
l W‘Juhior Wells
May 21,1975”
Palace Theatre, Albany

Tickets -
For ticket info call 463—3333

8pm

$4, 5, 6

 

 

 

Colonial Quad Spring Fever

.
Sprlng Fever? Not yet? Well, come and get it on Colonial!

at the

Free Out—door Portyll

Beer

 

Munchies

live- nin'embi A
v Crossw 'nd
the i
(get LWD
Friday, May 9

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Beautiful People

FREE!

9:00 '

.l'umlm/ Itr SIM/em If .l.\‘ll('/(llfrllll

 

MAY 9, 1975

 

 

 

by Mutt Hevln'

Despite the illness of a number of
players, the Albany State tennis
team rolled to it 9-0 trounciiig of
Siena College this past Tuesday. The
win brought Albany‘s dual match
record for the spring to 2-l. '

None of the matches were closely
contested. Albany‘s If I. Joe Kesten-
bnum, beat Terry Fox of Siena 6-3,
6-3. ,Bob Diskin. moved up to the
number two spot. defeated Sienu‘s
chie Corbishley 6-l. 7-5. Third
singles player Josh Connell had the
easiest match. smashing Pat
Ilartnett of Siena6-0.6-|.Freshinen
Phil Aekerman. moved up from the
junior varsity to the fourth singles
position. crushed Siena's Pete Tor-
nisi 6-l, 6-2. ~

#5 Milt Johnson of Albany

       
  
  

 

ET 1“

  

 
   
  
  

‘9 TEACHERS

 

Natlol ffch
(212) 6614330

lull fll'l‘ 'lillSlt"
of New this iloli

' News

EUROPE at
prices you can
 from 

TRANSATLANTIO FLIGHTS - RAIL PASSES - TREKKINO
ACCOMMODATIONS 0 ALL INCLUSIVE “TWO WEEKERS”
\ Spend less int flu: in
SPl’Cl/ll low rates. ‘lll'mnt‘ls contact

l .i i
2.9.  NATIONAL ASS'N or
i ‘ sruntsrs urn

(BOO) 223-5287

” or...»

triumphed over Steve Tessino 6-2. 6-
l. and I16 Brian Smith.also tip from
the JV. downed PaulGotiebowski 6-
|. 6-4. The doubles matches were
also runaways for the Great Duties.
The tfl team of Kcstenbaum and
Disltin won 6-2. 6-4. the I12 team of
Council and Johnson were vic-
torious by scores of6-2. 64 . and the
If] team of Acketm an and Smith em-
barassed their opponents 6-I. 6-l.
Albany‘s next ntatclt is Monday
afternoon. at home against Union
College. Coach Bob Lewis should
have no trouble motivatinghis tea tn.
as Union was one of the teamsthat
conquered Albany State first season.
“It‘s a big match forus.“ said Coach
Lewis. “and ifwewin.we‘llbeablc to
claim the [unofficial] Capital district
title.“ The match against Union

 

more when you‘re lhnte' For

   

Kim Krieger
SUNY Albany Student

Assoc. Office
('ampns Center. Room 346
(Slfi) 457-6542 J

 

S iena
titkes‘place‘ at 330 pm . at the Indian
Quad tennis courts.

 

We. the silt/f 0f the
Albany Student Press,
take this space

to say farewell

to those among us
who are graduating
and will not be with us
in the F all:

Linda Desmond
Bruce Maggin
Michael Sena
’aul Pelagzilli
Alan Abbey
Wendy Asher

(lurid lttt'k. gang.
and don 'tforgel It) ll’I'lI(’l

 

 

 

 

 
  

  
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
      
    
      
        
        
     
 
 

rim. Illltl

in
i7
.i
rt
r: '
I- or » ..
III

III no in.-

   
 

tji tiall

IIEDtoilna
It .‘t . i. s

 

    
 

MAY 9, 1975/

 

§P€CIHL

Now‘s the time to spread out and live. At Ten Broeck
Manor you can afford living in a spacious 2 bedroom
apartment for what you'd pay for a 1 bedroom some-
where else. Modern 2 bedroom apartments at Ten
Broeck Manor are only $186 a month-utilities included.

I _.,__

|l.li.v.‘tl -

Don't wait. come see our model apartment today.

Model Apartment open: Mon-Fri 9-5; Sat 10-4; Sun 12-3

0 24-hour no

|)|fl‘l turns
Taki- liri
of Alltaitt.
to [sit (i
light. take
em liltil.
nun: lllul

on (oloinr

 

1 Look what's included:

‘ Economical laundry centers

- All electric major appliances
' Ceramic tile baths
' Private patios and balconies

snot: j

Sim-t. pan 'lrti llrimk ll. left

Model Apartment. I _’

An Equal Housing] Opportunity Ili‘l't’lil/lllli HI 9
T Managed by Clifford Ilotittil Munttgottiintt. In F“

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

curity patrol

'l‘liN

 

t~t»r.iir ‘lll (lair if We“
\Vi‘si if east of Albany!
isoiitli Niall i. left in
"rat ll'fl onto North:
riplii onto r 'oth Mati-
. lsi right onto lurk

sin-o litllttvr \igtts u.

 

 

 

 

 

 

by timid Mann

SUNYAC Screws State
Danes Upset Eagles

Outta Sight Danes Nip Siena
DeBIois Tops 1,000
Danes Undefeated
Danes Massacre Patriots

It feels like it was only yesterday that I was asking “what‘s a Sierra.“ But
after three years ofbeing Sports Editor. throughsix different editors-in-chief
iittd cottntless hassles. I have come to the end ofthe read here at Albany
State. But they willnever be able to take the memories of four years of
sports away. ‘

It was the fall of |97l when a young Albany State football
tctlm “115 struggling to achieve the .500 mark. The genius of
Coach Bob Ford t'asjust starting to develop. It was a cold and windy
autumn afternoon when I’liittsburgh came totown. It was also my first time
to eovcr (ire-at Dane football.

Frustration reigned all afternoon as Albany tried to overcome it one poitit
deficit. The offense nevei'did get rowing and Albany lost 7-o. Coach Ford
still refers totliis gaiiieastlicgame that set football back at Albany a hundred
years. Albany has not lost at home since.

197 l-72 was supposed to be a rebuilding year for the basketball learn bttt
they felled quickly. Led by John Quattrocclii. the team beeatne a highly
polished trait and were denied an NCAA biil only treatise of ti technicality in
eligibility. Tllt‘)’ went the whole season \\ itltoiit losing a home game. Bob
Rossi‘s overtime heroics kept the streak still alii eagainst Ilartwiek as he took
charge of the Ditties afterJohn Quattroeehi fouled oiil. l cart still see his
winning 25 footer.

Siena made an appearance at the gym that year btit there was more action
in the stands than on the court. as Albany “uneasily. It was also a packed
itnitersity gym thttt saw Albany break lluf'ftrlo State's ‘llt game SUNYAC
“inning streak. ‘ '

Hopes weren't hiin as the football team reported for camp in NH. llli.‘
team lacked a quarterback. fittl (‘oneb Ford had the guts to go \\lll\ a
freshman. .Ioliii llertti/li never let his coach down and the Danes “ere on
their way to becomiiiga football powerhouse. Ihey came \\llllltt sixminutes
of an undefeated season. bttt l’lattsburgli playedsiniilei astliey came lip \\ith
a late touchdown iii the final game of the season.

1972-3 was stipposcd to be the basketballteaiii‘s year. All li\e starlets were
back plus plenty of depth on the bench. Albany students of that year will
never forget that one umii/ing week. when Albany knocked off the l\\tt
topped ranked learns iii the State at the gym. l‘lt‘sl if was another one
lii‘ockpoi‘t and the (i illliltll brothers. Minus sewn degree tctiipeialiire didn't
stoptlic fit Its from pack mg the gym. Albany didn't let theii‘ftms do\\ n as they
"allied late III the game to beat the (ioldeu l-tigles,

Next it “its number t\\o I’otsdnm and its dyttainiciliio of .\like lleaiteiitid
led llence. The second half “as all Albany aridllie [lanes hadtlieirsueep.

litit someone forgot to tell the tenor that the road git tries alsocoutited. to
points against ()iiconla and losses to lftillalo State and l’Ittttsbiugh lelt
Albany otit iii the cold \\llt.‘ll it came tune for the NCAA playoffs.

In the spring the baseball team led by Jack I.e;rlty and pro-prospect leri'y
Kenny won their first SUNYAC ct'o\\tt.

1073 was the birth of \ai'sity football on campus and Albany rolled oyei'
\L‘lcll ottheir opponents. Seorcs in the seieiitics \tei'en‘l uncommon. l'lie
taletit for this year‘s undefeated team was starting to take shape \\it|i Rudy
\’ido anchoring the tlcletise and loititiue Duillois leading the talented
running corps.

l‘)7,l-7tl reaffirmed the genius of I)oc Satiet's. left with no returning
guards. Hatters patietitly worked with his three freshmen guards arid
combined them with his ‘selL‘i'illI forward litre. After a 7-7 start. the learn
caught fire. winning sis III a row. before Sierra cattle to town. (in paper the
team had no chance. biil the magic of llltl\L‘|\li) gym again pt‘med superior.
Iriiihtig all the way. liyron Miller took cliaige and hi ought the Danes back
llrs shot with IX seconds left \ioii ilie game.

Albany sports sziied the best for this year. What cart you say about a
lootball team that goes ‘)-0. lliey played tremendous ballall yearandsliotild
llilH.‘ been III the post—season play. Victories t)\ er llolstia and fill” drenched
Allied set the pace for die rest of tire season, I Will iic\er f orgel the locker-
rootn celebration alter the team's undefeated season. and Iotttmie Delllois
teaching a thousand yards. Nest yeni's Abaiiy-Ilhacagameiscei'taitilygoing
to be interesting.

llie basketball team finally made it to some legiliiiiirle post-season
competition astlic team got a VL'AA bid. ll “ilsll'lL' big \iclory of lirockport
lllill kept the [lane-sincontention Iot'tliatbidl iieici sa \\ the Duties playany
better. as they clung to their shot lead and refused to fold under the intense
pressure.l‘iilorltitiiilly. I never sail the team play worse then they did tip lti
Iii ockpoit lorthe M'AA's. Hopefully. the tcaiitlcurued somethingfrotnlliat
irip

With the economic situation starting to put a severe cl'iiticlt oti college
sports. a re-eialiiation of all collegiate sport‘s Prtlgi'illllh is inevitable.
l’ei liaps schools from across the country cart take a lesson from Albany
State. llie school produixsa competitive sports progriiinlltat holds st tidettts
interest at the absolute minimum cost, More ittiporttititly. the sport‘s
program treats athletes as human beings, llic school is not producing a
bunch of jocks btit rather college graduates.

l'o Nate. I wish the best ofluckwith the sports pages for tie Kl year. ltltank
Mike. Mary Ellen. .loii iind Craig for being a part of the sports department
this year.

Most itiiportanriy. i would like to lliank the cisreliingstaffund tbcpluyers
for their unending help and cooperation. and for bringing a great deal of
excitement to an often strife and cold University. I‘m certainly not going to
forget them.

w

‘  PAGE TWENTY SEVEN

quasi .':..=.-

 

    
    
    
    

   
 
 
  
   
 
    
    
  
 
   
     
    
  
  
   
 
    
  
  
 
 
  
   

 

    
    
  
  
     
   
 
  
 
 

              
             
            
     
     
               
    
   
     
        

  

