 

 

ch changed the date on‘
flag end seal from Isu‘to,

' l6” _ _
' '7‘ “This is the ﬁrst and last chance I'll have to

h' iii." the Mayor cllorlled as.he‘~

. I
' penned his name to the bill. In Fact, after

hundreds of, yurs, New York has finally '

gotten amund=to recognizing that its cultural

. and historic roots extend back to the Dutch
settlement of Nieth Amsterdam, founded in
l625. .

Not only, vthen, does I975 mark the
beginning of America's Bicentennial, but it is a
year of a pleasant coincidence as well:
Amsterdam, the mature Old World parent, is
700 years old justas New York. the precocious
stepchild in the New World. reaches its 350th
year. , .

Despite the “where it‘s at“ accent of Fun
City (New Yorkers consider history the way to
a wino regards an empty bottle), New York
has a lot of history that is vital not only to its
own soul, but history that has shaped the very
sould of the nation.

Connection

by Nancy Normhgtost

Have you ever wondered where the wierd
“authentic New York Accent" comes from?
The one that thrives in taxis and around
ballparks and hotdog stands. Well, it's as
Dutch as the beer ﬁrst brewed in the New
World on Staten Island in I640 under the
direction of the Governor sent over from
Amsterdam. When you hear the old Bronx
cheer “trow da bum out.” or the interrogative
“whatsa” madder which youse guyse'l“, you
are hearing the linguistic legacy of the
Netherlands. AAmsterdammers, just like New
Yorkers, enjoy their reputation as free earthy
speakers. no matter who‘s listening.

When Nicuw Amsterdam was first
established by the Dutch West India
Company in the early l7th century.
Amsterdam was themost important city in the
world. Successfully commercial and
conspicuously tolerant, Amsterdammers
might be called the ﬁrst Yankees.

Mayor Beamc saved a special one-liner until
the signing ceremoncy was nearly ﬁnished:
“This isa pleasant act, even though it puts us
in Dutch." The ywr of the Dutch connection
had begun.

As it stands, the best the Big Apple can
expect this double birthday year is a Dutch

Recently. New York‘s Mayor Abr'aham
Beame sat before the television lights in his
City Hall Ofﬁce. Hewus about to sign into law

_:__[A.s;.nd geniuses-Fa...

by'Sharon Stradt ' - ~

Daily newscasts inform the average American that producers of, manufactured goods are
victimized by a lag in sales. Adding further to this dilemna, producers report high inventory
levels of raw‘and ﬁnished products. Those of us who formulate the labor element amidst such a

producer know well that our jobs will not be sustained for long Without an Increase In demand of
manufactured goods. as evidenced, by an increase in sales volume.

The crucial role of the consumer in altering this recessionary trend has been clearly identified
by national rebate campaigns. Rebate offers on cars. stereos, hair dryers. furniture. etc., indeed
seem to suggestthat industry is trying to work with the consumer in bringing up satisfactory
levels of demand. '

Nonetheless, the effect of rebate offers does not seem to be enough. Why is this so? Perhaps the
answer lies in the practices of wholesale distributors, which in the past have offered generally the
best prices to the American consumer through sheer volume of supply.

Let us explore further the consumer-distribution relationship. Common sense suggests that
the force of abstained consumer demand would have to affect supply in a restrictive manner.
When less units of a good are demanded, less units are manufactured. The distribution of a
product plagued by a lapse in demand would either remain the same or very likely become less
available. Weas consumers effera an artiﬁcial shortage of a given product through the practice of
abstaining from demand. The end result is an increase in product cost. Therefore, the consumer
force of abstention may be viewed as an essentially inﬂationary one.

Unemployment statistics formulate another result of the force of consumer abstention. When
less supply of a product is demanded, a smaller work force is required to support the new level of
demanded production. Of course when one is unemployed, onc's purchasing power diminishes.
By now it should be clear that the consumer force of abstention is a primarily negative one. It
actually works against the plight of the individual consumer. Consumer abstention is
inﬂationary and recessionary.

What then can we expect from the consumer forceofaltcrcd demand? By altering ourdcmund
we are reinforcing distributing abuse. Altered demand. gives forth a silent approval from
consumers to distributing practices. Wholesalers are free to offerus a limited choiccofgoods and
can proceed to control supply of such goods.

When no serious check is imposed on one abuse, it can be assumed that. yet. another will rise.
Wholesale distributing practices amply characterize this deduction. While free to enforce
artificial shortages of supply, product price control power is attained by wholesale distributors.
Shortage ofa good warrants a price increase. Who is forced to pay the price of such abuse? Alas.
the consumer force of altered demand works against the consumer as well.

Industry must focus upon their distributing procedures and structures. Such procedures and
structures must become more receptive to consumer needs and more appropriately register
them. Through such an effort, inﬂation and unemployment will be challenged and diminished. A
creative system of checks and balances should be disigncd by industry and imposed upon the
distributing strata of our nation. American consumcrdcmand must be given a healthy climate in
which to function once more.

 

liRoIl Call
Votes Mlased

tholl Call Votes "longs votes

During tenure
on council
Dave PERECMAN (COM) 1013
Roberta HARWITT (ST) 131
Ken WAX (COM) 181
Oennls ESPOSIT (COM) 1013
Ralph BEISLER (COM) 131
Mike SAKOFF (COM) 131
Maureen OEMAIO (IND) 131
Andy OOLAN (COM) 189
Csndl MAYER (COM) 169
Gary COOKE (ALUM) 131
Andy GOLOSTEIN (ST) 169
Andy BAUMAN (COM) 131
Ed CAREY (COM) 106
Dave KENLINE (OUT) 131
Jon LEVENSON (ST) 169
Dave WEPRIN (SUT) 106
Gary BENNET (ALUM) 131
Sue LEBOFF (ALUM) 131
Mark HAMMER (OUT) 131
Rlck MECKLER (OUT) 131
Dave COYNE (COM-IND) 152
Seth HABER (ST) 189
Jon MARTIN (IND) 28
Stu SIMON (COM) 169
Neil O'CONNOR (COL) 108
Steve OIMEO (COL) 28
'Stu KLEIN (COM) 28
Kathy BARON (COL) 28
Low FIOLER (INO) 169

Members from worst to best missed

OOOOONOO’IUI‘IN
Oceanuaaamm

Avenue 3549 722 20

jam/ml lii' .lllldt'lll association

 

W9 +0“ .‘v v

HHS YOUR COUNCIL REP BEN DOING HIS JOB?

Central Council attendance policy: it shall be the duty of council members to attend the council meetings.
Should a council member have three unexcused absences , the vice-chairperson shall notify Council.....

(Council) will decide if a motion for impeachment is in order by a two-thirds vote of the constituted quorum

THE HONOR ROLL

MMeetlnga Held "huge ol

Members lrom worst to best 0" comic" “cm” unexcused misled
Dave PERECMAN (COM) 13 s 6% 96
Ken wax (COM) 19 3 7‘ 52
Donna moan (coal) 13 3/2 48
Roberta HARWITT (51') 19 2/2 42
Andy DOLAN (COM) 25 2

Stu SIMON (COM) 25 2‘

Ralph BEISLER (FAC) 19 1/2

Mike saxorr (COM) 19 2'

Maureen DEMAIO (IND) 19 2f

Jon LEVENSON (ST) 25 2/:

Ed canev (COM) 13
Dave KENLINE (OUT) 19
Andy GOLDSTEIN (51) 25
Dave come (COM-IND) 21
Sue LEBOFF (ALUM) 19
Steve DIMEO (COL) 4
Seth HABER (51*) 25
Dave WEPRIN (our) 13
Gary COOKE (ALUM) 19
Candi MAYER (COM) 25
Law FIDLER (IND) 25
Gary BENNET (ALUM) 19
Mark HAMMER (our) 19
Rick MECKLER (OUTS) 19
Noll O'CONNOR (COL) 13
Andy BAUMAN (COM) 19
Kathy BARON (cm) 4
Stu KLEIN (COM) 4

OOOOO—eO-‘Od-‘555MM05M

ooomomtn-WW

 

Jon MARTIN (IND) 4

\

103

(Note: Council has impeached both Mr. Wax and Mr. Pcrocmon but only Mr. Psrccrnon has been removed.)

Council has director) thin. this be printed.

during tenure "ablencetllabsences meetings”

 

VVvv vv v vvv v v vv

.ppa' ' id "be Unleashed 

by Spence Raggio
and Matt Kaufman

Among the many peopleincludcd
in the sort that still believe the world
is ﬂat exists those who also deny the
existence of Frank Zappa. Others
believe he is the true reincarnation of
Mr. Green Genes or King Kong. In
reality, Frank Zappa does exist. In
reality, he is just another pervert
residing somewhere in the midst of
the spacious plains of Burbank,
California.

On April 24, direct from the
phallic phreeways of California.
SUNYA will present. for the
dcgcnemtes of the area. Frank Zap-
pa and the Mothers of Invention.
Yes, that man noted for grossing-out
millions (or at least it) members of
the London Symphony Orchestra
in I967 at the Albert Hall in
England). spreading tales about
mountains and mudsharks
throughout the land. Yes folks.-
here‘s Frankie.

/ um gross and lu'rvcrlud
I 'm ()l).\‘(’.l'.\‘t.‘ll .n llL’I‘tlIIgt‘tl
I he existed/0r your:
But vcry Hill? has changch
If you search through the annals
of musical history you might find
Frank Zappa‘s name: and ifyou do.
you are probably looking in lhc
wrong'book. '
"Perhaps I/If‘ mus-i unique uxpcrl
oflhc Mother's work is" the (‘Ullt‘t'l -

qul continuity q/‘Ihc groups output
timcrostmvturc. There is. and always
has been. ti conscious control of
thematic and structural elements
.lllill‘lllg through each album, live
per/orniance and lllft’rl’it'tl'."— FZ.
Frank Zappa began his successful
(1’) career eleven years ago in his own
studio (Studio Z) in Cucumongu,
Cu. From these minisculc begin-
nings. he continued to discos on the
Sunset Strip. to llill Graham‘s
Fillmorcs and now arenas and con-

cert iinlls the world over. (“Wowie '

Zowic“!) ln concert. Zappa always
manages to do something unex-
pected, never doing the some show
twice. mixing the elements of
story.profanitics.jamming. and even
a touch of music.

"There is no unrlcrlrtkitig ‘ninrc
challenging. no rcxponiiliiliti' more
aii'ci'onic than living a .lIo/hcrﬂ—
Richard M. Nixon.

"Tlirtnki' fl lot. I)it'lr‘."——FZ.

“'l‘m the Slimc'fMunchkin Music

Jazz Concert Swings

by Spence Raggio
and Matt Kaufman

The L‘(‘ cul'cicrin resembled a
crowded jun club Saturday night
thanks to another of Concert
Board‘s l‘rcc jar/.7. shows. This time
lhc lculurcd Iilluictions were .luck
Wilkins on guitar and Eddie Gomez
on bass.

Wilkins lives up to his reputation
nsoncof the great jun. guitarists cx-
hibiting not only speed and accuracy
but also cffcctivcncss. Iic mixed the
different elements of the guitar,
(chording with leads; bass with Irc—
blc) creating interesting moving
musical forms. Physically he was
everything his music was not.
sccmingly detached from lingers

lured to use a bow. strange sounds
sometimes escaped form his bass.
The d rummcr was ll local.
Hul Miller,whosc cxcusc was that hc
had ucvcr ploycd with Wilkins and
Gomez before. But even so. ihcrc
must have been someone hctlcr
available.
running up and down his gillllll‘.
Gomez. only slightly more
animate. is an extremely invcntivc
bassist who does some interesting
things with rhythm. Ilc pluysu string
bass with II ceramic pick-up. but due
to sound problems he was forced to
hook up II in ikc also. This only par-
tially correctcd'thc trouble: the bass
was still very llcllvy sounding. and on
the occasions. when (iomcz ven-

FrankZeppa. who has recorded adozen-pluaa bums,and playaa host
of Instruments too numerous to list here, Is expected to conllnue his
reign of strangeness at the Palace.

Putting the music aside for thc
nionicui. Saturday night was also
enjoyable as II Cilsulll listening ex-
perience. There were nocxpcctuiion.
no pressures. pcoplc waudcrcd in
and out. hccr flowed in from the
Rarhskcllcr. mixed drinks from the
Alabaster show ‘two floors tip.
Everyone Impaired to be luh'ing ll
good time.

 

$.50 w/Lux curd
$1.50

(itllltll’i'l.

lnqulrc Wod.
workshops oi

 

Tropical Fruit Co.

Dance Performance
Dance Studio, 8rd Floor Gym
Wed. 8:30 pm

Brought to you by [JHJltti-l (luuucll

ill; l .00 w/lD
l Admission

ll in: about.
l 'l‘liu ruddy

unilnjinﬂn “1anth It] ,mpmu

 

 

SA VE

services, and a

ﬁlm/I'd llll' .i'ImII'nI association

oua

general decline in Ac

LETTER
.wRITE A Y

 

Folk Singer
at 8th Step

l‘l'lllil_\‘ IIiId Saturday. April Ill 8t. I‘). the Eighlh Stcp Coffee House will
present A ndy Cohen. I'olksingcr and instrumentalist. in an cvcningol'riiricd
program of folk music from many traditions. He will he accompanying
Iiiinscll on III Icusl lllt: piano and guitar. Andy Colicu‘s background includes
llll curly litscmulion with tile I-‘irchousc I-ivc Plus Two which developed his
inlcnls for playing riffs. III hiin school he played the bass drum and coi‘ncl.
l‘rom there he jumped tojug bnud music. 'l'uking up the guitar. hcdiscovcrcd
the field lll folk music IIntl leiii'ncd to pluyihc guitar with stylistic inllucnccs
of Rev. (iury Davis and Iiig IIill Ill'oomsy. As it l'olksiugci' he has logged
thousands ol miles and ii lot of pcrl'oruiiinccs whilc also working Ill
cvci'ylhing from dishwasher to performer.

ALBANY STA TE!!!
OP THE BU

The S.U.N.Y. Budget has been severely cut by the
N.Y.S. Legislature. Albany State was one of the
hardest hit. Help restore these cuts and prevent
overcrowded classrooms; HIGHER TUlTlON, less‘

LEG

ademic quality.

TO‘SLATORlll

0" Dinner Lines Wed. April 16

through F riday April 25.

'-:v'-:-:-}l-:-:-:¢:-!-"..

Beefheart Here?

(ZNS) Don Van Vlcit. better
known as "Captain Hcclhcurt." is
rehearsing with Frank ZIIppII's
Mothers of Invention in Hollywood
and is scheduled to join the Mother‘s
loiir later lliie‘. month.

llcclhcui'l. who‘grgw up in Liin-
ciistcr. ('nlifomiu. with Ziippu. had
recently quit music in his words
"former."

Ilc had retired to Trinidad.
California. a small town on the west
coast. to become a full time lumber-
iiick. saying he was disillusioned
uilli "promoters who “are ripping
me off."

llowcrcr. being a llllllhcl‘jllck ilp-
patently wasn't his thing. licL‘lllCill'l
‘s Iigiiiu back or. Ihc recording sci
t\illl Zuppu.

Cleft Palate

(in April Ill. I975. the Spcccli
Pathology and Audiology Club and
ilic Speaker‘s forum of the State
|_llil\crsil)‘ of New York III Albany
will be presenting l)r. lictly .lunc
McWillinms. llllllltil‘ll) on cleft
palate. |)r. McWilliIIins is Ihcl)ircc-
tor of the (‘Icli l’IIhIIc (‘ciilcr iu the
Denial School of Medicine at the
Uuiiersiiy ol Pittsburgh and is II
faculty member of the Uuiwrsity‘s
UL‘plli'llllL‘lll ol‘Spccch Iiud 'l'hculcr
Arts. She hiisspccinli/cd in thcurcus
of cleft palate and learning dis-
abilities and misconducch extensive
research on the psychological
aspects of llicsc disorders. In addi-
tion. she hits publishcd numerous ar-
Iiclcs Imd ismitionnlly renowned and
highly respected in her field. Dr.
McWilliiIms will speak at 8 pm. on
Friday. April lit in Lccturc Center 3
on the SUNYA campus.

»

 

 

STUDENTS TRIM It
SHAPE CUT
to suit but you

noises by tom m'a By
Cathy or Al Mr or his
can-mutt airline. loath lasers. and
rum out.

AL'S HAIR SHOP
RAMADA INN
WESTERN AVE.
452-0573 me A entrance

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE TEN

APRIL 15,1975

 

PAGE ELEVEN g

,.,

_..

aycgemoua-.u.., u...

 mum‘s-r. ,zs is~'.

 

 

