  

  
 
    
  
 

 
   

   

was 1!! '-

wswnhe '54th gtM

 
 

' Mn. 545A.
est! Mn: 71:,

    
     
      
   
     
      
   
      
        
     
    

    
     

 

(.-
l;

i..
it:

a;

 

 

 
 

by Larry Luongo , ’
I n November of 1963 John

1 Kennedy was murdered in

Dallas, in the years that
followed black leaders Malcolm X and
Medger Evers were murdered, in April

of 1968 Dr. Martin Luther King was
assassinated, and a few months later,
on~the eve of his victory in the
California Primary, Robert Kennedy
joined his brother, a martyr to the
cause of peace and freedom. The
official version is that each of these
leaders was struck down by a lone,
crazy assassin. The mass media is
currently acknowledging the fact that
thereisseriousdoubt that Sirhan Sirhan
acted alone in Robert Kennedy's
assassination. James Earl Ray| Martin
Luther King's alleged assassin, is
currently winning his battle for a
retrial. He claims that he was only a
party, thathe was offered a jobin a gun
running scheme and received orders
to be in a certain motel room at a
specific time. He claims that he kept his
appointment and was at the scene to
be framed as the lone assassin of
Martin Luther King. Shocking as these
allegations arethereis more proof of an
assassination conspiracy, in the
assassination of John Kennedy,
allegedly murdered by Lee Harvey
Oswald.

Alter President Kennedy's death,
President Johnson appointed a
comrnissrcn to "lay to rest rumors
surrounding the death of John F.
Kennedy". The commission was
headed by Earl Warren, and
composed of several congressmen
including Gerald Ford and Allen
Dulles the lorrner head of the Of A.,
who had been removed from office by
JFK/The commission ran a rather poor
investigation; none of its witnesses
were sub,~.~ct to cross examination, it
relied r n existing government
agencret for its investigative work, and
the meme rs of the commission issued
its report in one volume, supported by
twenty-sixvolumesol evidence. These
twenty-six volumes of evidence, which
Earl Warren did not want published,
are very valuable even though they
represent an insufficient investigation.
The evidence gathered and published
by the Warren Commission directly
contradicts the conclusions of the
Warren Commission. It appears that
the Warren Commission, rather than
tell us the truth about John Kennedy's
death, attempted to fulfill its task of
"Laying to rest the rumors." of
conspiracy.

The events surrounding the
assassination are well documented. At
about noon on November twenty-
second 1963 the motorcade carrying
President Kennedy turned down Elm
Street in Dealy Plaza. The progress of
the parade was recorded
photographicalfy by Abraham
Zapruder, an amateur photographer
who was taking home movies. The
Zapruder film show the president

PAGE 4?

 

slumping forward in his seat, probably
‘because the first shot that hit him
struck him in the back between the
shoulder blades. Moments later the
filrnshows the president clutching his
throat, quite likely a response ‘to a
bullet fired from the front, entering
near his neck-tie knot. Neither of these
wounds would have been fatal, but a
moment later the Zapruder film shows
the president's head blown apart and
his body thrown back from the force of
a bullet striking him from the front.
Motorcycle policemen riding behind
the president and to his
left were sprayed with blood and
brain tissue. A large chunk of the
president's skull flew off and was later
recovered near the left side of the
street. All of this evidence indicates
that the president was shot from the
front as well as from behind. The
Zapruder film leaves no doubt that the
president was fired at from several
directions. Abraham Zapruder testified
that the shots came from behind him,
from the grassy knoll. Railroad worker,
Lee Bowers, who was on duty in a
watchtower testified that he saw a
commotion in the bushes on the grassy
knoll, seven other railroad workers
also testified that they were sure the
shots came front the grassy knoll. Mr.
Charles Hester threw his wife to the
ground and fell on top of her when he
heard a bullet whistle by his ear as he
stood on the grassy knoll. One of the
officers in the motorcade drove his
motorcycle directly up the knoll in
pursuit of the assassin. All of this
evidence appears in the twenty-six
volurnesof hearings before the Warren
Commission, but the report concluded
that Lee Harvey Oswald, acting alone
shot at the president from behind, from
the sixth floor of the Texas School Book
Depository Building.

  

 

that .64-  _ ,_
endsofthe fifthfl or. He 3 fed that the:

w ‘ man in the southea stcorn‘er'Was bla

Annbs Eutns independently verified
Rowland's report of a black man in the
southeast corner. Mrs. Eric Walther’s
testimony also corroborates that of Mr.
Rowlands as to the man in the
southeast corner. Only one witness
claims to have seen Lee Harvey
Oswald on the sixth floor of the Texas
School Book Depository Building. The
commission stated that Oswald alone,
using his Italian Mannlicher—
Carcano bolt action rifle , was
shooting at the motorcade. Oswald's
rifle could be fired only once every 2.3
seconds. By examining the Zapruder
film frame by frame the commission
concluded that Oswald’s rifle could
only have fired three shots in the time
available. The commission's version of
the number of shots is that John
Kennedy was hit twice, Texas
Governor George Connally hit once,
and a spectator, James Tague was
injured by a bullet that struck a curb.
Because of the photographic
evidence, the commission was forced
to claim that the first bullet hit both
Kennedy and Connafly. Using this
information it is conceivable that
Oswald's rifle could have tired all the
shots. However, the commission
ignored the report that James Hicks
gave to the Dallas Sherriff's Office, of
another bullet that hit a highway sign
he was standing next to. It also ignores
Richard Randolph Carr who stated
that he saw several bullets rip into the
grass of the grassy knoll. There are
also reports of additional bullet marks
on the presidential limousine although
these reports are impossible to verify
because the interior of the limousine
was stripped and redone immediately.
The most important contradicition
however, was with the assertion that
Governor Connally and President
Kennedy were both hit by the first
bullet. In a statement on CBS.
television Governor Connolly stated "I
understand that there's some
questions in the minds of the experts
about whether or not we both could
have been hit by the same bullet, and
that was the first bullet. I just don't
happen to believe that. l won'tbelieve
it because, again, lheard the lirstshot..
.1 had time to turn to try to see what
happened. I was in the process of

 

 

[Assassina- _ ,_ I
welve Y are Later
"There . re Still

 

 

More Q cations

Than

turning again before I felt the Stit'iilld
bullet." The Zapruder film supports
Govemor Connafly's statement. The
avalilabe medical evidence also
indicates that several people win-e
firing at the presidential motoiiuttt;
The doctor's who treated the DTUSILIHHI
at the emergency room of ljrli'lillrllit’l
Memorial Hospital all spoke t.l iii
entrance wound in the front it! the
president's throat and a fatal t.~i:l
wound, in the right temple. 'l'll1:1 
not consistant with the official in: .lth
that Oswald fired on the motor 'tttlt;
from behind. Unfortunately nu rillti‘t’
civilian doctors were allowm
examine the president alter llt‘  -
pronounced dead. The body
forcibly removed despite the pit it... .
the Dallas County officials and into it-
Washington. in Washiiiiituu t:
autopsy was performed. 'l'llt.‘
version stated the the pl'C—JSltlt‘lt' 
shot through the neck and llir‘ 1.- :1
both wounds were declai‘t-ti '

been inflicted from behind. ll 1. 

to note that the military t
chargeol the autopsy Sliiluliw t :t '
Warren Commissron tliu!
privacy of my own ltuliliv

Cfl‘dllOf this reportwhir'ti l l-tl- vz~

..Tliis draft l pursrtiiiilly lti.::r
revisron litthe officiul ‘litliil- it. -:.
conflicted with the lt:[')t.)t'l."- i 1.
doctors.

An examination of flit? fli .tr. .
president's clothes llldlilitlt' it. it ':
wasanentrancewoundiii lllt‘li: r: .
it was seven inches below llli:

Also, the F.B.l. summary it;p.it
assassination states thut llt"
wound was indeed well twi. 
neck and that the bullet (flil ft '- r'
The commission's report
president's wounds clearly .
supported by the bulk of t:Vtifi-i. t

The Dallas police, bustifus; it"
Oswald of Single lliiltlf‘
assasstnating the
accused Oswald in llltf nii.t t- '
officer LL). Tippit. Tippit win.  :
approximately 1: to pin. limit if
hour after the murder ul li‘:
Kennedy. ft is possibly St(jtlllti .ii.' "
Tippif was killed only two liltti't‘: I'
lack Ruby'sapartmcntfl'hi-ri; itll v iii iv
contradictions in tho W tII'
Commission's verston of Oman. 1
murder of Tippit. ft is Vll'lthll t't‘ll i.:'
that ifOswald wasallowoil ltiltliili 17:.-
lor either the 'l'ippit of tho )ri't':jtit"'r'
murder, he would have bOtflt lttlflt‘f'
guilty. There is only one thtli':'~. :'
identified Oswaldus'l'ippit'stiiui tt-‘r‘
Her name was Helen Markliuiii in 1 ‘
is quite significant lliiil sliw
described as hysterical by lllt' flit“ -
police. Her testimony C0tilllL‘l}; writ. t
the other witnesses to tho iniiiiit-i lii
tape recorded, telephone coiivoi :i-tll- t
with Mark Lane, Mrs. Markham tiltilt‘l
that Tipplt's killer was short, soiiiowli it
heavy, with slightly bushy hair. My

    

Sit-nut ll 'ttl
l

 

 

swers

contradiction alotie would have made
Mrs. Markhan's testimony useless.
Oswald was very thin and had very
short, thinning hair.

Only one other witness gave
testimony that might implicate
Oswald. Domingo Benavides was the
closest witness to the killer. He refused
to identify Oswald and stated in fact
that Oswald was not the man he saw
shoot Tippit. In February of 1964
Domingo's brother was murdered, in
April of 1964 Benavides stated that he
was wrong in his statements and that
the killer did resemble Oswald.
Benavides was most reluctant to
implicate Oswald. Two other
witnesses, Aqyukka Clemons and
Warren Renolds also refused. Mrs.
Clemons refused to identify Oswald
and reported that she was harassed by
the Dallas police and told her life
would be in danger if she spoke to the
press. Warren Reriolds also refused to
identify Oswald when he was
inlerViewed by the filil, iti January of
l.964.Two days later he was shot in the
head. When he was reformed from the
hospital he requested (iii iiitoryiow
With the C(‘iinmissirin in Wllli 'li lit: iiltllt~'(l
that Oswald was (ll‘lIllllt'l'y' lllU killoi'
Although SUlltt.‘ wire
harassed into tilttnttlyiitij Oswulil tlit-y
all originally thth‘ lt'Hlliiltilly lltrll

Wititossuti

would hat/e «suiiiiuilii'tml Mrs.
Markharns testimony .tiid t‘li'ill‘tfil
Oswald.

There is also great tilttlJIthllly .llltttll
the bullet strolls liiuiid ltt:iil' tilllt't‘l'
Tippit's body. Original ])(illt‘H l'trrlJtH'lH
stated that they were from it thirty oiglit
Caliber automatic pistol. Oswald
carried a thirty oight lt.‘VtIl\’t '1'. Also tho
police technician who originitlly
processed the shells litttltfltetf tliut lit:
thought he marked lltt‘ltt Wlllt lttii
Initials, when .tskizrl to liltrlllll‘,’ lllt'
shells before the Wr’ii‘rtv-n Commissiii in
he could not litid his titurkitttjs, lllt‘lt'
is further doubt cast on Orrwitlif :: ijtllll
by the fact that some of tho Slitalls wt ‘ti'
itirtiittlriultli‘Uif by u iliflonrnt t'l iiittiutiy
that the lJllllUlSllltflwtfl't‘l't‘llltin'tl
from officer 'l'tppil's lititly

The available ('Vl(lt"llt,'t'
p rOVtCleS what the Dallas
described as an "open and shut cusp
against Oswald In fact thui‘t: is llllll.‘
evtdence linking Oswultl ltt t‘llllt'l' Of
the kllllitgh‘. L)iit'a [>1t}<'i:l.tl t'lVltlL'fllth’ it;
the testimony of Howard Brennan He
claims that he saw Oswald lirt: lllt.‘
shots from the sixth Hunt" of the 'l'oxim
SChool Book l_)t;']iti51lol"/ Building. The
foot that bromiun had ptrtii‘ tJYifttiletl,
casts doubt on ltlii ttlt‘ltltllUrilitht of
Oswald and in fact, bremmii was
unable to identity Oswitlrlin a point:
lineup. The only oilioi~t.-Vidi-,~nrro it; tho
Claim by Dallas police that they found
Oswald's 6.5 mm Carcano rifle in the
Texas School Book Depository
Building. This claim is directly

litii'illy

[itilti‘ti

APRILRSJQ'IS

contradicted by Séymore, Weitzrnan,
the policeman who found the r'ifle.'
Weitzman, a fire arms expert dictated
in a notarized statement that the rifle
found was a 7.65 mm Mauser. He
discussed the rifle in great detail in this
statement, leaving no doubt that it was
not the rifle owned by Oswald. There
are also additional reports of other
rifles being found in the book
depository. Tom Whalen of N.B.C.
News described the rifle found as a
303 British Enfield. There is also
photographic evidence of a Dallas
police officer carrying another
assassination weapon out of the
building.This weapon was clearly not
Oswald's gun because it had no
telescopic sight.

Even if we ignore the ambiguity
surrounding the murder weapon,
there are several factors that clearly
prove Oswald's inability to commit the
assassination. First, Oswald was a poor
shot, he barely managed to qualify for
the marines because of his
markmanship. Second, even anexpert
using Oswald's rifle could not have
made the shots attributed toOswald. ln
FBI. tests, shooting ata still target, from
a shorterdistance than Oswald would
have had to shoot from, none of the"
f".B.l.'s expert markmen could
duplicate the shots Oswald was said to
have made. The shots were simply too
difficult and the rifle not accurate
enough.

The case

against Lee Harvey

 

t )5\V(lltl simply Would not have stood
tilt lll i'itllll lll\? two witnesses against
him wi-it: li'illt poor Witnesses at host,
llIHtl lt:tillti|tJ|t‘,' would have been torn
illttll'l by Lilly competent defense
liiwyt-i lllt‘ l)t'fll(l5 police snnply did
not ltiin- it l'iib‘t". Oswald, for two days
tittni' llll‘ ussassrnatiiiii, continually
itiiillililtllih'l his innocence. ft the
twtisptiiivy wu.» llt rtaiiiam a secret
iitzwulit ltiiil ltl l'l.’ irlimmated. On
f~1tiiiil.iy flint-viiitioi' quillY fourth, two
‘f.t‘,':' itlll‘l his (ii'iost, lit‘t,‘ Harvey
‘- ).zwitlil wits Illlll'l'fL‘l't‘tl by Jack Ruby
llll‘ wyws tit (lo/wits ()l law
ttz-lovrsioii

li"ltttt‘
tillii'wni, .titii ttllllltitts til
Vinwin‘s iii'tiiss flit: nation. The Dallas
piilii'o Won,- till the hook, llttrli' only
Htiﬁ]tt:u‘l was dead. The iiiitidoi'ul loliii
l‘ Kt‘lllll‘ify wits a closed case.

lint whirl about this man Jack Ruby?
What mitilo him shoot Loo Harvey
()tiwitltlz' We can only speculate but
|'t‘ilitlll facts are clear Jack Ruby was
viei'y pitinniient iii flit) tragedy of the
ittitirtSHlltilllth. Although he denied it,
1-;i-vt:i.i| nowstiten who knew him
:ihtlutl tliut Ruby was at the hospital
when President Kennedy died. Ruby
wit 5 also present at police
horidgiiarters while Oswald was
questioned. At one point he even
corrected District Attorney Wade at a
press conference. There is quite a bit of
uVidence linking Jack Ruby with

officer Tippit. Several witnesses said

' An entertainer of lac

Tippftand ' b‘y werecl‘ose ass

 
 

Club, Bill Crow, even testified bafOre
the commission that'he had seen.
Oswald at the club two days before the
assassination. Nancy Perrin Rich, a
worker at Ruby's club gave quite
detailed testimony to the commission
about lack Ruby's part in a C.l.A.
operation smuggling guns to Anti-
Castro guerillas in Cuba. Emlilion
Santan gave stinilar testimony under
oath in New Orleans. Marguerite
Oswald, the mother of the alleged
assassin stated that two days before her
son was murdered the FBI. showed
her a picture of lack Ruby and asked
her if she knew him. Rose Cheramie
several months before the
assassination was thrown from a
moving car. At the hospital she stated
that she had been involved in heroin
smuggling for lack Ruby. When the
other occupants of the car she was
riding in started talking about a plan to
assasinate the president she protested
and was thrown from the car. Allerthe
assassination she was killed in a hit
and run accident.

But most fascinating of all is Jack
Ruby's testimony before the Warren
Commission. He testified only once, in
the basement of the Dallas county jail.
He told Earl Warren that he had many
new facts to tell which he could not
divulge unless he was taken frorn
Dallas. He stated that his life was in
danger in Dallas. In response to Earl

Warren's denials of this fact, Ruby
stated that if Warreii would not lrike
him out of Dallas he would never see
him alive again. Warren refused. l‘luliy

was never to come before the
commissron again. Late in 1966 he
was granted a retrial outside the city of
Dallas, in December of 1966 he was
Sutil to the prison hospital. On January
third of 190/ Jack Ruby was dead;
olJiCially a rare type ()l blood cancer
caused his swrftdealh. Jack Ruby was <i
man of many talents and interests. It is
most unfortunate that he was newt
allowed to tellliis story to the American
people.

Perhaps more mind boggling than
the conspiracy to assassmtito tho
presrdennt was, as in Watergate, the
covettup conspiracy There are an
appalling numberol deaths associated
with the Kennedy conspiracy cover“-
up. There was an alleged meeting to
have taken place in Jack Ruby's
apartment the night he shot Oswald. At
the meeting were two newspaper
reporter's, two lawyers, and Ruby‘s
apartmentmate, George Senator. The
meeting was discussed before the
Warren Commissron by Mark Lane but
no witness to the meeting ever
confirmed that it took place. George
Senator testified that he could not
recollect the meeting The evening of
Senator's testimony in April of 1964
Bill Hunter, one of the newsman
present at the alleged meeting was

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Cayro sol “

shot through the heart in his office in
theLong Beach Public Safety Building.
He died immediately, ending his
private investigation of the
assassination. Later in September of
that yea r, Jim Kothe, Hunter's personal
friend and companion of the meeting
in Ruby's apartrnentwas found dead in
his bathroom. The cause of death, a
karate blow to the throat. The notes on
his investigation into the assassination
were stolen. A year laterTom Howard,
one of the lawyers at the meeting was
dead of a supposed heart attack (no
autopsy performed). hm Martin, the
other lawyer present, was later to
become If lawyer for Jack Ruby and
bustiiess agent for Loo Oswald
Widow.

liar.» BOWL-W5 was it man who had it
pitrttirultii‘ly View of the
tissitsrtitiitliun sight (‘1. lltt’ iifiiy of the
killinti llt' was if i'itilittiid \"v'tllt'lllll‘llt
ptlrilllititt'tl in .i lii\'.'t'i ttvtii‘ltmtkiitq the
grassy kiiiill iintf lll!‘ lli‘il l.‘i’lllllLf. f'le
testifiiiif to flirt w. imiiiisirtiwii llt'fl llt? saw

trot wf

sewer/if t'iti's 'ii't'lo lllt‘ puking iii‘ea
boltinrl tho iiiitssy knoll iiiiiiiet’liately
botttro lltt‘ tlFEiilFSltlttllLtll. He stated
that tliusw'urir ltit‘l whip antennas for
COlnlIltllilk'iillttltS injiiipinunt He also
stated tliiil lii- siiw it \‘ttltllili.‘ll.‘!t" and
pos-.ible gun smt kt: rtvt-i llll‘ grassy
knoll as lltt' FIVE-Hill lil \n' is inui‘doi'et‘l
Boworsrlitf not lit-t-tf ‘A'ttl'llllitj not to tell
of whirl hi.- sitw llt August t‘l l‘tt’itt ltlS
brand new i‘("lt[ tilliy itit Vt‘t‘ft‘ClOll the
“Mill illltl tiltttt’li .t l»:rif.,i~ .tl’tutiiiuiit
'l'lioiv Wt‘lt' lltt skirt illitlflt: of apparent
l'Utthtll for flu» Jt't'ltlt‘Hl

l‘uti‘lvttc Rot ii-rts lltr: Widow who ran
the limititftllqliiﬂlttb where Oswald
lived, lt:i$llll(_?tl ltt‘lt‘l't‘ the comiriissron
llltll Oswald entered the house about
one half hour alter the assassination
and Went to his 1001“. She claimed a
Dallas police car came to the house
and sounded its from Oswald then
departed. The event Mrs. Roberts
related to the Warren Commission was
very curious. l‘urtliormore Mrs.
Roberts testimony plated Oswald a
mile away from Tippit only eight
minutes before Tippit was murdered,
piovrding Oswald wttli a possible alibi.
Mrs. Roberts \‘Oitipldtited about police
harassment altergivmg her testimony.
ln January of 1966 she was
pronounced dead, presumably from a
heart attack, again, no autopsy was
performed

Domingo Benavrdddes was the
closest Witness to the murder of
patrolman J.D. Tippit. Benavides
however refused to identity Oswald as

PAGE 5P

“a: 1“w»~.‘<._ . .

   
  
   

 

  

  

   
 
 
 

it.

 

 

