'WVKIMWWL

 

 

  
  

  
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
 

 

      
       
     
           
      
   
      
    
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
   
     
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
   
   
 
   
   
 
 
   
     
   

   
   
    
 
  
  
    
    
   
 
    
     
       
 
   
  
  
    
 

     
      
         
        
     
  

I,

. -.‘;._,..-_,Mv. . .43....—

 

 

 

}
Ii.
'5
s
~$
«
i
.9

MM---_ ._,.,..._._

f

um”...

~. ulna—raw...”

 
 
  

  
 
  
 

 
 

gﬂwwwc. ..»»-.-...

 

a. “who”...

 

 

.7

 

 

nﬂict's of interest and reunite lob~ _

byists. Testifying beforg [Senator

"  William-T. Conklin‘s committee on

Eth‘"s'  Guidance, Donut K.

1 Ross. director or errao argued
that “Today. as perhaps never

before. the values of our society are
being questioned. 'Oﬂicial corrup-
tionhss become tolerable and in-
fluence peddling an acceptable
norm. New York State government
has betrayed ahnning signs of such
rot." Ross said.

 

Ross, elath  “no work. his
show‘bureaucratic welfare fraud

riddle the state bureaucracy.” The

Bergman scandal‘stretches tentacles
into the highest reaches of state
government. - ,‘
NYPIRG's Conflicts ‘or Interest
Act is designed to check the public
conflicts of igterest. ' It goes far
beyond existing state law since it
prohibits a legiibtor from voting on
a bill affecting an entity in which
he/she has any linancial interest. In
addition. it requires public officials
to identify in advance. and remove
themselves from any decision-
malting which would affect their

inhtw F

‘ v  nsncial interest. ~
proposal would also inipose .

   
  

     
 
 

severecriniinal and civil penalties on

‘ government ofﬁcials not complying

with the law. An additional provi-
sion would require that potential of-
fice holders as well as elected and ap-
pointed ofl'rcials earning more than
SI2.(X)0 a year file a statement of
economic interest.

To regulate lobbying activities.
NYPIRG called forthe creation of a
Political Practiceg Commission
“armed with strong powers to insure
compliance with a new lobbying
law."

 

1..
‘ 32 t.

LAW SCHOOL INTERVIEWS

0f Prospective Law Students

A Representative of the College of Law

UNIVERSITY OF SAN FERNANDO VALLEY

will bejn New York City from April 29 to May 4. I975. for appointment contact Leo L. Mann. USFV. 8353
Sepulveda Blvd. Sepulveda. California 91343. Tel 2l3-894-57ll

The College of Law offers a full-time 3 year day program as well as pan-ti me dayand evening programs. All
courses lead to the Juris Doctor Degree and eligibility for the California Bar examination.

The school is accredited by the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of California.

 

 

 

'2'.

   

funded by slur/en! association

[$896108 onus 

Friday and Saturday

 

Riga orrd

as‘deremiah

IISOII"

7:30 and 9:30

LC—18

 

U/

 

April 11 and, 12 

.25 with tax card  Wt.

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

  
 

 
  

   

 
  
  
  

by ‘ eryl ‘ agner Matt Kaufman. ’ ‘ ‘

NEW DELHI hdh (AP)— With the support of Indian Prime Minister
Indira Gandhi, the legislature in the Himalayan kingdom of Sikkim votcd
Thursday to abolish the monarchy and seek full Indian statehood, A
referendum on the two actions was set for Monday. The king. Chogml
Palden Thondup Namgyal. was reported cloistered in his palace. W

The expected absorption of Sikkim. ruled for ll years by Namgyul. could
further strain Indian relations with Nepal and China. which criticized last
year‘s partial takeover of the state. Sikkim is now an associate Indian slrtlt.‘
with representation in the Indian Parliament. It has 200.000 inhabitants,

PHNOM PENH Cambodll (AP)— Rebel forces broke through a gllp in
the government‘sdefenseline todayand moved to within two miles of anont
Penh airport, military sources said. They said the advance put the insurgents
within medium mortar range of the vital airstrip.

At |the same time. six US. Marines in civilian clothes arrived front
Bangkok to strengthen the American Embassy‘s security force. Emhtrsu
sources said six other Marines arrived about l0 days ago. and that if cull
disorders break out in Phnom Penh. other Marineson acarrier in tthull'ot
Thailand might be landed to provide security for American citizens.

SAIGON South Vietnam (AP)—— The Saigon command claimed liridrn
that more than 500 Communist-led troops were killed in the first two drrvs of
battle for Xuan Loc. 50 miles east of Saigon. Scattered action was reported
early Friday around the provincial capital. whoscdcfenseis considered tr kcx
test of South Vietnam‘s ﬁghting capacity. A

On Thursday. Communist-led forces— who already control three-fourths
of the country— also shelled Mekong Delta areas south of Saigon and Tan
Ninh. miles to the northwest. '

BELFAST. Northern Ireland (AP)— Thirty Roman Catholic womcn
crossed into Protestant Belfast today to pray for peace in Northern Il’CIilIltI
with Dr. Donald Coggan. Archbishop of Canterbury, in St. Luke's Church.
The women had come from the Divis Street Catholic district into Protestant
Shankill Road during a walking tour of the area by the Archbishop the
primate of all England.

PARIS (AP)~— A group of major Western industrialized nations hto

 

, signed an agreement setting up a SZ-‘billion “safety net" to provide loans to

members hard-pressed by oil price rises or other economic reasons. lhc
“safety net.“ worked out by experts of the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Dcvclopmcnt-OECD. merges a plan proposed bf.
Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger and Treasury Secretary William I .
Simon to use member states‘ own reserves. and one put forward by ()Et'lt
Secretary-General Emil van Lcnncp for a multilateral guarantee of loom
floated on the world nttrrkct.

WASHINGTON (AP) 7 A bill giving federal and state officrnls brood
powch to force Americans to save cvcrgy without paying the higher prucx
advocated by President Ford was passed by tltc Senntc ’l'hursdnv.

g'l'bc mcnsttrc. still subject to House consideration. would viriuulh loll

I'ord‘s own conservation program by allowing cilhcr house of COHEN-NS to
block his plans for removing fcdcrttl controls from oil prices. ‘

‘ WASHINGTON (AI’)~-- President Ford rtskcd Congrcss I‘hursdm ulclu
for nearly SI billion in emergency military and economic aid IoriSoulh
Vietnam and for clear authority to use US military forces to c\;lctlrtlt‘
Americans. if necessary. '

I In a nationally televised and broadcast “State of tltc World“ address to .t
Jotnt congressional session. Ford asked for no additional aid to Cmubotlm
beyond the $222 million he already has requested. llowcvcr. Irc culled It‘l
Congress to provide “without delay $722 million in additional Illlllldl‘v
hardware" for Saigon and requested an initial $20 million in cconolttlc on.
humanitarian assistance. While indicating it may be too lntc to lt‘Sc‘llt'
Cillllbutlltl from a Communist takcovcr. Ford said at stubili/rrtion of flu
mrlrtary situation in South Vietnam "offers the best opportunity to: .
political solution.“ '

WASHINGTON (AP) The government presented its final cndcutc
against .lolm ll. Connolly 'l‘hursdny. anchoring its bribcry case on
circumstantial cvidcncc and a single witness who srtid he made two $5.000
pnyol'fsto the former treasury sccrctnry. The government rcstcd its crtsc in thc
seventh day oftriitl Connolly's lawyers will ﬁle routine motions F ridnv ask I on
that the case bcdismisscd for luck of cvidcnce. l'hc motions will be" arctch
Monday. .

MADISON. Wis. (AP)— Consumer advocate Ralph Nader says
Atncricanjourntrllsm is “one of lllt: few institutions that has rcrnttincd all but
immune from consumer continent."

“The mass media Itasgrown aloofto tlrcirnudiencc because there is so little
organized criticism from without." said Nader. speaking to more than |.t)00
persons at rt University of Wisconsin lecture series sponsored by the School
of Journalism and Mass Communications.

NEW YORK (AP)-7 A majority of the American people are opposcd to
furtlter aid to Vietnam and Cambodia cvcn to avoid a blood both in those two
nation. the Harris poll said Thursday. The remainder were not sure
Sampling across-section of l.022 adults in tltc first week in April.thc “UNIS
organization reported that they opposed increased military aid to
Southvietnam by a 7 to lo percent margin. and increased arid toCambodnt b)
66 to 23 per cent. When such aid was predicated upon trvordinga bloodbtlth
for the peoples of those countries. 7 to 29 negative rcsponsewas rccordcd.

‘ ALBANY, N.Y. (AP)»»- Thc board of directors of the Civil Service
Employer Associated voted Thursday to call off a planned uworlt—to-rulc"
Job action against the state. a CSEA official said. Thedecision was made as rt
“show of good faith" in fact-finding now under way in a bid to 80010 H
contract dispute between the giant public employe union and the state. lht‘
unton spokesman said. The "work-to-rulc" action. which had been scheduled
to begin Monday. would have meant that employer work strictly according
to wrtttcn rules. The CSEA said thtrt such action would undoubtedly hter
slowed down the work pace in many state offices.

APRIL 11, 1975

    
    
   
    
  
  

we.-.

 

 
  
 
   

by Betty Stebt v ’ '

In an unprecedented display of -
solidarity. SA hasjoined hands with
faculty, administrators, SU NY Cen-
tral. SASU. and the 27 other State
University units to help fight the re-
cent 8 million dollar cut in SUNY's ,
budget.

SUNYA. already short one half
milli n dollars for operations in the
proposed'budgEl for next year, was
dealt the hardest blow when $804.-
000 was slashed from its budget by
the legislature. Although SUNYA is
only the third largest University
center. it received the largest cut in
thc l975-76 SUNY budget. This
budget. as passed. would have
several serious effects:

——The Iossofl5 to l9 facultyand 6
to 8 support staff members in
various departments. It is feared that
this will cause u watkcning ofmany
academic programs due to larger
classes and a decrease in personal
attention.

v Srrpportivc services to students
will be sharply curtailed. Such scr-
viccs as academic advising. psy-
chological and career counseling.
health services. recreation and ac-
tivity programs would be jeopar-
dized by the loss of IE to 22 student
services staff members.

-A cutback in problem-solving
research will be necessary when 3 or
4 stuff members of tltc world famous
Atmospheric Sciences Rescuer
Ccntcr are let go.

(.‘ountlcss aspects of campus life
will bc affected as virtually every
part oflhc University‘s operations is
cut back.

At the core of those combincd cf-
forts to have the budget rcstorcd is it
Iuttssivc lcttcr-writing cumpnign
already underway. SA. us part of tltc
statewide cl'fort bciug coordinated
by SASU. sent ottt |0.()0() letters to
parents last Wedncsdzry urging them
to uritc to thcir legislators in order
to "spur consideration of the Sttttc
University appropriations and the
restoration of needed funds in tltc
supplemental butlgct." Students are
also being risked to take part in tltc
effort through lcttcrs being cir-
culrttcd to tltcm by IlA's.

Such a letter-writing campaign

would .simply not  possible"

without student funds. and efforts.
says SA Vice President Ira Bim-
baum. According to him. the hands
of the administration are tied by a
law which prevents State funds from
being used for political purposes.
“They should be doing all of this
letter writing." he said. “but they‘re
making it as easyas possible forus to
do it." .

Pat Currait. President of SA. has
expressed hope that this episode will
convince the administration that
students need to have a say in the
budgetary process. “It‘s a kind of
push and pull. " he explained. saying
that the administration is now in
need ofa way to reach parents and
students. while the students are in
need of more power.

“Students should be very lunch in-
volved in how budgets are made up.
SUNY-wide. right down to the
departmental level," said Curran. “I
don't want to put them over a
barrel," he said in response to a ques-
tion concerning what students ex-
pect in return for their executing the
letter-writing campaign. “but at the
same time. if students weren‘t
around hcrc.who would be spending
the money? In a way. I think we‘re
leading the show and lwant to show
tltc administration that we‘re leading
the show.“ Curran does not.
however. plan to make any specific
demands. According to him. “It‘s
easier to persuade tlrctn than to force
them.“

  
  
 
   

 
 
 
    
   

  
 
 
    
 

 

  

  

    
 

SA President Curran and SASU Presldent

Ill."

Dan Kohane protested the SUNY budget cutout

Wednesday’s Central Council meetlng. Ten Thousand letters have been sent out by Curran and

SA to parents urglng them to wr

he said adding that a bureacracy‘s
purpose is to facilitatc.but not run it.

Kohrrnc‘s main emphasis.
however was on the unifying effect
this incident is having on the SUNY
systcrn."“As'yTiu'rc a student here.
you‘re also a ' dent in tltc State Un-
iversity system and you have to

 
    

Curran docs cxpcct results: "They. 

had better help us make this more
on r school.“ he said. adding that he
felt students would bc justified in
protesting if the administration is
unresponsive. "If they start getting
chlcusrvc about it. then lthink lhc
sttrdcntslravcu right to raise hcll. Wc
would have hccn had."

Plans for "rt muss lobby. rt muss
dcmtutstrntion. rt mass something.“
wcrc hinted at by SASU Prcsidcut
Darn Kolrnuc. who uttcndcd lust
Wednesday‘s Central Council
meeting.

Kobrtnc nlso cxprcsscd a desire for
more studcut involvcmcnt in the
budgetary process. "It‘s a student
university. not a faculty university.“

remember that.“

Another main thrust ofhls appeal
was aimed at that universal concern
about money. “You‘re fighting not
only for educational policy. but
you're ﬁghting for your own
pockets." he said. He used as an ex—
ample the possibility of some
hospital beds being closed down in

Its tbelr leglslators to restore needed funds.

State University medical centers.
thereby weakening an important
source of revenue for SUNY. “lfthey
close down 80 beds . . . you’ll be
fighting for your asses.“ Curran
picked up on tltc cue: “When your
asses are broken by this drive. by the
way. you may need the hospital.“

World Food Crisis Emphasié'ed

In an effort to maintain an cnvir-
norucnlnl consciousness. tltc Protect
Your limiruomcnt tl’YF) Clth at
State Ulll\cl'.\ll)‘ of Ncw York at
Albany is continuing tltc liarth Day
tradition by again sponsoring an
liartlr chk progrtuu of special
mails to which tltc public is invited.
This year r. \vhilc runny uspccts ofcn-
vironmcntrrl concerns will be
trcrttcd. a spccinl crupltrrsis will be
placed on tltc world food crisis.

Albany Passes Austere SUNY Budget

l‘hc New York State chlslaturc recently passed a
$ll).4 billion budget whth cutback the State University
of New York (SUNYS) by $7.427.30(l including $6.-
2tltho‘nt) in campus opt-rations.

l'hc rcvc’mlcwhcih SUNY is expected to gcncrntc was
increased by $2 million. and a tuition or room rent hikc
may have to bc implcrucntcd to meet tltc projection for

rcvcnucs. 'llrcrc wcrc no cuts in State Aid to Private __

Colleges and Unrvcrsitics (liundy Aid] which was set at
$57 million.

SUNY Chancellor lirncst L. lloycr said of tltc cut—
bucks. "I out rrwurc of tltc difficult economic decisions
lacing New York State. At the same time. lnnt convinced
that ll cutback hclou the level proposed in the lixccutivc
liutlgct (an increase of $37.2 million over last year)
tlu'cntcus Ncw York State's committrncnt to quality
education." '

Some I70 students attending the l‘ourth Annqu
LCgISIIIIlYC Conlcrcncc of tltc Student Association ol'thc
State University of New York SASU) in Albany prrsscdtr
resolution condemning tltc cutback in the SUNY budget
because lltc University needs a $50 million incrcttse over
last ycrirjust to maintain existing programs.

"Atty decrease in the present level of funding for the
State University of New York is totally unacceptable.
does not rccogni/c the need for social rcmcdiesto end tltc
present deterioration of tltc economy. rrnd will in fact
only speed up the deterioration of tltc ccononty in the
long run." tltc resolution stated.

The students at the SAS U conference passed out the

APRIL 11, 1975

resolutions to legislators as they went into session and
lobbied in thc I.cgislaturc to urge full fundingof thc
lSUNY budget. adding students to SUNY governing
boards. and amending the Election Law to facilitate
greater participation Ill elections.

The btrdgct passed by the Legislature makes cuts in
SUNY library services. funds for new equipment. main-
tuncncc. faculty support. faculty. and utilities. The Un-

‘ ivcrsity Ccntcrs were hit hardest. losing tr total of $2.-
170.700.

l‘unds for lIIL‘ Economic Opportunity Program (EOP)
and State Aid to tltc Disadvantaged were increased by $|
million. but funds for the 'l‘uilion Assistance Program
(l’Al’) were cut 5500.000.

The State University lncornc Fund 7 revenues which
the University must generator-was uppcd $2 million.
Sonic 5500.000 of this will come from the SUNY
Research Foundation. and the rest may have to come
from an increase in fees.

Chancellor Boyer spokc ut tltc SASU Conference and
told the students that he did not want to raise tuition or
room rcnt. but "It‘s still iffy that we can mecp/hc rcvcnuc
figure without raising Ices." Ilc believes that if sufficient
funds are restored in the Supplemental Iludgct. which is
passed at tltc end of the Legislative session. there will be
no need for am increase in fees.

’l he SASU Membership passed a resolution to study
building it massive demonstration. letter-writing cam-
paign. and lobbying effort to insure that many of the
funds cutback arc restoredlntheSupplcmcntal lludgct.

SASU

The opening program. on 'I brus-
drty. Apr. H). was it lrtlk entitled
"Plight ol lhcArucricnn Indian". by
[our l'orlcr. spiritual lcrtdcr and
subchicl of tltc Molntwk Nation.
l’ot‘tcr also is a former leader of the
White Roots of Peace.

()u l-ritltty. Apr. ll.thcrc willbc
n ‘chct-A-linll". described as rt
"non-menl-brtll“. in the ballroom
bcgiunirtg at it p.m. l‘cttturcd trl tltc
l'rcc :tl'fnir will be tltc broken String
llund and Carl Church on fiddle.
Refreshments will be served.

Workshops. perennial favorites
with thc public. are scheduled for
Saturday. Apr. l2. in tltc Campus
Center. ’l'bcy‘ll include “Mini-
Macro Analysis Seminar on the
Ilungcr Cirsis". conducted by Kathy
Johnson of thc Conccrncd Clergy
rind Latity ofSchcncctady. CC 373. 9
ll.lll. to l2 noon; "‘l’opulationCon-
lrol“. conducted by Peter 'l'obicsscn.
biology professor at Union College.
Ruth Kluppcr. member of Planned
Parenthood. Albany. and A. Valen-
tinc. member of Planned

Parenthood. Schenectady. CC 333.
“:30 run. to l2:30 p.m.

Also. “Organic Gardening“. con-
ducted by Roger Rodick. coor-
dinator of SUNYA Compost Pro-
jcct. CC 375. [2 p.m. to 2 p.m.;
“Geography of Starvation“. con-
ducted by Linda Hitchcock. student
of geomorphology. CC 370. I:30
p.m. to 2:30 p.m.; “Alternative
Sources of Energy". conducted by
Ocrogc chshian.directot‘.planning
and environmental systems. A.C. M.
and Zero Energy corporations.

Wayne llailcy. inventor of alternate
energy sources. David Bcn Daniels.
General Electric Co. scientist. CC
375 from 2:30 to 4 p.m.

On the some day there will be ﬁeld
trips to the Pine Bush with buses
leaving Administration Circle at 12
noon and at 4 pm. In tltc cvcnlng

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

lctuurcd will bc rt l'iltn documentary.
“I rrtgcdy of the Commons“. based
on an lll'llCIt.’ by (iurrcrt llrrrdin.rtl b
in l.ccturc -Ccnter 3.

David llrowcr. foundcr lllIlI prcsi-
dcnt ol Friends of thc liarth and
lormcr cxccutivc director of tltc
Sierra Club. will speak on “The
World Food Crises" on Sunday.
Apr. l3. art 8 p.m. in UN Campus
Center llullroorn. Hisrtddrcss will he
prcccd cd by a communal vcgctttrirrn
dinner. at which Mr. lirowcr will be
a guest. from 5 to ti p.m.Tickets in -
formation is available at the PYE
officc. Fine Arts building 2l8.
tclcphonc 457~39|3.

On the following day. Monday.
Apr. l4. Parmcly Pritchard.
associate professor; of biological
sciences at State University College
at lirockport and director of a pro-
jcct concerned with the cffccts ofoil
spills on Lake Ontario. will speak
from 3 to 5 p.m. in Fine Arts l26 on
tltc question of thc “Oil-eating
Bacteria—A Possible Solution to
the Problem of Oil Spills?“

Sophus Tctc Harcns Tetens.
proprietor of The Store on Central
Avenue. A lbttny. will be tltc featured
spcrtkcr on the Earth Week program
from 2 to 4 p.m. in Draper 247 on the
university‘s downtown campus and
again in the evening from K to lo. His
topic will be "Natural Foods and
Energy System". ‘ "

On Wednesday. Apr. 16. the
speaker will be Sumi Gupta.

professor of film-making at the Un-

ivcrsity of Waterloo. He will talk

about "The Food and Population

Problem in India“ from 5:30 to 9

pm. at a location to beannounced.‘

Allduring the celebration ofEarth

Week at SUNYA there will be ex-
hiblts on display in the Campus
Center. Also. free films will be
shown dailydn .tbcCumpus Center
on the first tumult-tam l I am. to Iv
p.m.

PAGE THREE

 .wwh‘ T".....

  

  

Kw”... -.....—. S. m :.__,

  

     
    
   

     

