am gay.
I Were I to fill in my own

questionnaire Iwould admit to
being 21, a senior, I live oft-campus,
had my first homosexual relationship
at 21, belong to SUNYA Gay Alliance
and lesbians for Liberation, have
come out to people mostly in
premeditated situations or through
relevant discussions, and have a very
high need for coming out. About 10%
of my friends on campus are gay and
about 80% of my friends know I’m gay.
I haven't gone for counseling, despite
my mother's encouragement. The
other questions require more thought
or explanation; these are just statistics.

But lam not a statistic. I ama person.
I am your friend. I sit next to you in
class, eat with you in the cafeteria, and
pass you on the podium daily. By now
a few of you know my name, but to
each of you that doesn't—would it
make a difference if you knew?

As I was involved in the process
known as "coming~out" myself this
year I decided to survey other people's
views and experiences in the area as a
project for one of my courses. As Iam
not a statistician Iwill use the statistics I
compiled from my very limited sample
as a jumping off point for my
observations and discussion of the
experiences of my friends and myself.

First of all, there are more gay people
on this campus than many of you can
imagine. We meet each other one by
One, first with a strange feeling of being
found out, then with a warm feeling of
camaraderie. This feeling of
community is important to many of us,
as we come to feel less "unusual".
Remember, we too were brought up to
be heterosexual, and it is no easy task
to throw off twenty years of parental
and societal conditioning. It is not a
decision made over-night—it is a long
and involved, and often painful
experience—"coming out".

The ages of the students questioned
are about the same, and it seems that
more women had taken some time off
from school. All of the women students
are living oft-campus, whereas about
half of the men live in the dorms.
Perhaps this indiCates that women find
it harder to be comfortable with a gay
social life in dorm living.

One weakness of the questionnaire
was that many of the questions were
open to interpretation. The firstof these
asked the age of the person's first
homosexual “relationship.” As some
people pointed out, an "experience" is
differentfrom a "relationship". Also, as
one woman illustrated, an emotional
relationship is different than a physical

relationship. I would agree with this as
the discovery of homo-emotional
relationships is often the beginning of
coming-out. The survey showed,
however, that men have homosexual
relationships earlier than women on
the average.

The results on the next question
made me do quite a bit of thinking. I
was trying to find out in what order
people came out to themselves and
others. Everyone considers
themselves out to themselves, and all
but one man said this step came first.
I'll call this friend Scott. Scott and I
became friends during our Summer
Planning Conference. We kept in
touch freshman year, until I noticed a
change in his friends. I suspected that
something strange was going on and
realized now that I became uptight
when I realized thathe was "becoming
gay." We lost touch until the
beginning of this semester when now,
having something in common I
renewed our friendship with an
apology. Iguess I was a pretty naive
freshman.

Anyway, I asked Scott why he
answered that he came out to his
acquaintances, friends, family, and
then himself, taking two years. "Ididn't
realize the impactof what I was saying"
he replied. He hadn't really associated
himself as a homosexual despite
telling these others that he had had sex
with men. Coming out to himself for
Scott was finally accepting being gay
as a way of life, letting it become
something natural for him.

In thinking this over I am now able to
understand why for months [was only
able to tell my friends that l was
"thinking about" or "considering"
being gay. Icould not until later say "I
am gay." My initial identity crisis
(definitely my hardest week) ended
when I decided to investigate my
sexuality and reject labels, yet it took
quite a while before I accepted a gay
identity. The necessity of this self-
awareness was expressed by Scott, "I
feel that not too many people ever
come out. As for me coming out is
being aware of yourself as a person,
which is something I feel few people
ever do, gay or straight."

All of the women, and all but two of
the men have come out to those they
consider to be friends. A friend [’1] call
John considers himseltlout to himself,
his family, the community and society,
but not to any friends or
acquaintances. He feels that now that
he has come to grips with his
homosexuality and built up his
confidence as an individual it does not

' SUNYA Malea- 13

Age: range 1932, average 21.3.

Status: l-graduate, 9- 1975, 3- 1977.

Relidence: 7- on-campus dorms, 5- off-campus apartments. 1- with family.
Age of first homosexual relationship: ,. range 9-21, average 16.25.

Order of coming out to:
self- 13, 12—31, 1-34.
family- 8, 5433, 1-#2, 1455, 1-#6.
friends- 11, 7-#2, 3-#3, l-#4.

acquaintances- 10, 3-#3, 3414, 2-#2, 1-#5, 1-#6.

community- 6, 3-#2, 34M.
society- 5, 3-#5, 1-#4, l-#6.

Organizational membership: 5 SUNYA Gay Alliance, 2 Albany Gay ActiVist

Alliance, 8 no organizations.

What does coming out mean to you? Checking as many as apply:

joining gay community- 5

having a homosexual experience- 6
revealing your sexuality to others- 5

awareness of self- 13

becoming angry at himself in

' gayness.

schizophrenic fits, until last semester‘
when his “straight side” tried to kill his

.“ga'y side", as he explains his

attempted suicide: vHe had been
seeing a University counselor at the
time, and three weeks later at one of the
sessions decided to accept his
It took over one year of
Larry's awareness of his sexuality to
become acceptance.

From the sample taken, it seems that
the other factors of "coming-out" are
more pertinent to the women than to
the men. Joining the gay community
and revealing their sexuality to others
may be more important to these
women because of their needs for
community and openness. The
connection with the women's
movement may be relevant here. The

.mp4“- 9'5 era:2.~ x -‘

,hissexua rivestrec : - town amen

during his‘ early teens. Males seem to I
have homosexual experiences sooner
and more often than most Women,
making it a less vital factor of their final
coming-out. Whereas a woman may
feel homo-emotional for many years, it
is not usually until later that she has a
homosexual experience which
perhaps becomes a more monumental
occurence.

Most people have revealed their
sexuality to others in varied situations.
One man’s comments adequately
explain all three methods.
Accidentally, he says, is usually'
"through someone else's big mouth.
Some people just love to talk and have
a compulsion to reveal things of this
nature to others." Premeditated
situations "usually involve people who

Situations in coming out: Accidentally- 4. Premeditated- 6, discussions 'I.
Need for coming out- self-rated scale 1-10: range 2-7, average 5.5.

Per cent of friends on campus that are gay: range 090%, average 3t
Percent of straight friends know I'm gay: range O-lOO°/o, average 5()
Have you gone for counseling regarding your sexuality?: 2- on-ca mpus. l

off-campus.

 

'pay to risk his friendships by revealing
his homosexuality. Iohn feels it is
useless to "upset the apple cart,"
fearing that people would look at and
react to him differently. He would also
feel uncomfortable asking his friends
to keep his secret, so will wait until he's
ready for all of them to be told. Iohn
told his parents, however, two years
ago and still maintains a close
relationship with them.

One woman who has come out
within the last year also expressed
some of my own feelings. After
coming-out to her self she revealed her
gayness to her close friends who
"watched it happen." She then
revealed herself to some
acquaintances, commenting that "no
one has yet to drop his or her teeth."
Last, which she calls "the hardest, but
absolutely necessary," was herfamily.
Deciding that you are gay is a very
hard thing to tell your parents; it is also
a very hard thing sometimes not to tell
them. Slightly over a half of the males
and the females studied have come out
to their families. This sometimes meant
just parents, just siblings, or perhaps
just the members of one sex. One
woman has not told her father, upon
whom she is still financially
dependent. This exemplifies the
situation where people are afraid to tell
people who have some sort of power
over them.

The category of community was
taken in two different ways. First was
the usual sense of Albany or SUNYA
community, which I would guess was
meant by those checking it as fifth or
sixth. It could also be taken as the "gay
community" which just about anyone
who frequents the bars or attends
meetings has come out to, and this very
likely does precede friends and family.
Relatively few people considered
themselves out to society.

The reasons for joining gay
organizations are both personal and
political, which would account for why
80% of the women surveyed and about
40% of the men surveyed belong to
campus and off campus groups (also
keeping in mind that these people
were contact d th - r

e rough those groups
so there are many who don't.) The
reasons that women gave for joining
usually centered upon security as
they mentioned friendship
community, socializing, and'
consciousness-raising.

' This feeling of communit
important to the women,
worker from Vermont said
love was a woman,
kstraight and we thoug

Y is very
A young
"My first '
We both 'were

 

PAGE 4P

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ht We were the

similarities and

 

 

onlY Ones. ThankGod thereare run it"
Its hard to believe that still happen:: 1
People who are sheltered from Ullttri
quS. The women down at Lesbians: tr :1
Liberation are also rather pOltliCSttl, tr. :
feminist sense.
themselves
women's movement more than lit" jrt'r‘
movement.

The men also seem to join tho rid?
groups for social and political l‘Urih‘t my
Some Of the gay men queshoriml liti t
varied reasons for not joining (it""ll’-"
some lust don’t enjoy ()i'iirtiith'f
groups. or find them slirrittlrtltitti

The phrase "coming out it!
multiple meanings and a tiill‘ :~'
Interpretation frorri each indivriu r.
An awareness of self seems to tu- w
universally accepted factor. flow:  4
one friend that I'll call Larry pointorh 
the difference between aware] 1t ’51] r tft‘
accePlance of self. A year ago in“ r'
was aware of his homosexqu rinvm
but was totally unable to accept llti:.
He was unable to discuss his f(:t:lttlrl-"
wrth anyone, and had not Y“l
expressed these feelings sexually

Results from an nside survey. . .

"Coming Out" is something that
individual experiences this phen
different meaning to it. The purPOSN
experiences of those gay people alre
the differences
Approximately 80 surveys were dist:
students. They were contacted eitheithrough the SUNYA Gay Alliance or
Albany's lesbians for Liberation, or
who frequented the gay bars. Theiml
it completely eliminates all gaysonc
surveyor, or have not yet begun the

should know for one reason or
another," for example a roommate.
Finally he will come out during a
discussion concerning sexuality if he
feels that he can "add a worthwhile
example or other information."

There are dozens of reasons why
people comeout to others. The self-
rated scale shows that women feel
more of a need to do so. One attitude
towards this revelation can relate to an
increasing of others awareness, or
public relations function. One woman
wrote, "I like to show people that an
otherwise ‘normal' person like me can
be a lesbian without any negative
effect on other aspects of my life." The
need for acceptance as oneself.
reluctance to lie, the desire to be
understood are other reasons for
coming-out to others.

"It is not an easy feeling to do
something secretly for very long," one
man said. "Eventually you will want to
be able to do these things and not have
to hide them...lt's not an easy thing to
do, but once it's done you feel better."

The degree of closeness to' the
indivrdual is a major deciding factor.
One woman commented that she
would not tell people who would
become "very upset." She looks at
coming-out as necessary for good
relationships, however. Then again,
others look at it as peripheral to their
nonsexual relationships. One man
With a low need for coming out said,
"As I feel that l have accepted ‘me', it is
not important for "me" to describe to
others why they should look at me
differently. You see me for what I am,
to you, there'sno need to allow that to
change due to stereotypes, etc."

Some people View their gayness as

women also placed a greater emphasis
upon 'having a homosexual
experience than the men did. The
statistics and some personal
discussions have led me to one
possible explanation for this.

According to one male friendkhe fell

11 homosexuals experience yet each
imenon differently, and attaches
this questionnaire was to survey the
dy out to some people and reveal the
in the individual experiences.

:buted to gay people, mostly SUNYA

ere recognized on campus as people
mediate limitation to this study is that
mpus who aq either unknown to the
process of "coming-out".

 

 

~—

Many of thorn um.
as aligned wrth tlzr'

SUNYA remotes .10

Age: range 19-28, average 217.
Status: l-graduale, 5« 1975, l- 1976, 27 1977, l- 1978,
Residence: 10. off—campus apartments.
Age of first homosexual relationship:
Order to coming out to: (of nine responses v—per
self— 9, #1 for all
family- 6, 3W3, 2-ti4, t #5
friends» 9, 8-30, l-fM.
acquaintances 8, 54M, .t M.
community» 5, l NE, l M. l #5 lrﬁb’
society» 3, 1443, lv-ttzl, l "ti.
Organizational membership:
Liberation, 2vnone.
What does coming out mean to
joining gay community it
having a homosexual extitti‘ttriit‘t: 8

range 16-23, average l8.9.
haps tenth hasn't begun)

lSUNY/l Gay Alliance, tieLesbtans for

you? Checking as many as apply;

 

revealing you sexuality to titlitet‘s '/
awareness of self 9 , .
Situation in coming out: Arxridoiitly t), l’rernedifatoxi-‘i, DISCttSStOlia. 7 3
Need for coming out; sultmtud scaled from l-lt). Range 230, averagz-Oé/
Per cent of friends on campus that are gay: range? i-gguflﬁverﬁgfsoo/Z-

' ' I'm a : i'dlhIU' 9' "” “rave J' ‘
Per cent of straight friends know (1 Y 1‘ encampus'

HBVG You gone for counseling regarding your sexuality:

He suffered deep depressions i

JANUARY 28. 1975

more inteqra (to. air persona ity “an '
others do, which often affects their
attitude towards coming-out. This
could also be one aspect affecting their

'choice of friends.

from few to most, it seems that
4 lesbians choose more gay
friends than homosexual men do. It is
important to have gay friends socially,
and also to have people to relate to at
school on at least one level. Both the
men and women said that about half of
their straight friends knew that they
were gay;

Friendships and social activities
change to varying extents after people
come-out. Moving off-campus might
have a good deal todo with my change
of social activity and loss of contact
with some friends, but coming—out has
certainly had its affect. I spend one
night a week at Lesbian for Liberation
meetings, socializing with other gay
women, and usually visit the gay bar
on the weekend. Although I now have
quite a few gay acquaintances, my_
"friends" (in the strict sense of the
word) are my straight friends I had
before coming out in most cases.

When coming-out, however, some
people do feel it is necessary to seek
out new friends and activities. One
woman wrote, uWhile living on
campus I felt quite alienated since
dorm life is designed in very exclusive
heterosexual terms. Parties, mixers,
etc, are very womanlman oriented."
She soon "dropped" many straight
friends and became friends with gays
with whom she felt she had more in
common. One man has also felt a
change in his circle of friends and
choice of social activities. He attributes
his increase in friendships with other
gays to the fact that with them he could
really be himself. “To be anything less
with anyone else is no longer
satisfactory."

Another man believes these
changes have not been overpowering
for him. "I losta few friends as a iesultof
coming-out, but very few," he said, "A
few friendships were strengthened."

This change in social life for the gay
student is due partially to the lack of a
comfortable atmosphere to be oneself
on campus. Especially when I lived in

the dorms before coming-out I had
very high attendance to campus
events, movies, Henways, the works. I
still attend a movie, play, orother event
that interests me as my campus
interests have not changed. However,
there was one night when Iattended a

" .lthough both groups range

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

campus niovteiwitti a a PI ,
and felt  at  hadto
restrain myself-from she"  
to her, as t heterosexu coupled
freelydid, to save myself and others
embarrassment. One man mentioned .»
feeling quite alone at straight dances. '

Because we are members of the r
SUNYA community (and student tax
payers) I asked if there were enough
campus activities that they could
enjoy. One woman wrote,
“Involvement in any social activity not
specifically billed as "gay" involves at
least a partial shedding of my sexual
identity in order to feel comfortable. A
change in general public attitude
would make it easier for gays to enjoy
campus social activities." Another
woman feels that more on-campusgay
activities would involve the same
people seen at the off-campus gay
activities, so it doesn't make much of a
difference. .

Some students would appreciate
more dances and coffe‘ehouses geared
towards gay students. Onemember of
the Gay Alliance said, "The reason we
can't expect more activities is because
there aren't yet enough people who
will participate in them. In order to get
more students out of the closet, the Gay
Alliance has to make itself much more
obvious."

This same man did have a concrete
answer to the final question, "How can
Albany State better meet your needs as
a homosexual?" He suggested more
positive reference material in the
library, particularly to help those not
yet "out"; a larger appropriation for the
Gay Alliance; and finally some
centrally located lounges for gays.

Most people believe that the
institution itself can do (or should do)
nothing to meet their needs, as it is a
personal thing. Larry wrote, "It can
only help indirectly by educating
people as to their prejudices, so that
someday, I too might be accepted by
the majority of this society as what I
am—a thinking, feeling, human
being." One woman views this type of
change as more of a "real possibility in
a university community."

Another woman seems to speak for
many. “It starts with people," she said.
"It's kind of like what the man said in
the Greening of America—if lluJ
people change, the politics will follow
like a wave caused by a boat.’ It tit-‘-
people of the school would become
more open to sexuality—any kind you
choose for you—my needs would be

met.

 

