   
   
    
     
   

 
 
    
  
 
  
  
  
  

  

  

          

  

   
 

      

. arr-,yoanM... .

r
. Mp...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
        
    
     
 
 
   
 

  
  
 

  

of“ p -day revolutionary at:-

the recently circulatin rumors of an

   
   
   
   

impending separation between 

Dyla“ am his wife?
of .

    

a the most knowledgeable
and ai'i'd'ent of self-proclaimed
“Dylanologists” muﬂstﬁeek answers
to the rest of us can simply content
ourselves in knowing that his new
album has ﬁnally been released.
And, asusual. the latest Dylan addié

' tion‘ presents a su‘rprise to many of

those who make ita perpetual obses-
sion to'pr'edict Dylan's next move.

Blood on the Tracks is probably
Dylan's finest recording effort since
Blonde on Blonde (a pre-accident
album containing the likes of “Just
Like a Woman" and “I Want You"),

and, as such, more than redeems
.

some of his more recent works which
received indifferent critical
acknowledgement. Ever since John
Wes/cu Hardin, his ﬁrst album after
the famed timotorcycle mishap.
Dylrtn‘s career has been characteriz-
ed by inconsistency. Even the most
loyal Dylan freaks had begun to
question his motives, sincerity. and
even creative capacity. Accusations
of “selling-out",,werc frequently
leveled.

.Many called fora return to earlier,
"pre-commereial" days when
Dylan's folk-protest songs helped in-
spire an entire political and social
movement. Perhaps that is who
Blooil an Ihe Tracks is an important
album. It represents a turning-back
which, even ifonly momentary. may
be a sign that Dylan is, after all.
somewhat sensitive to his fans‘ reac-
tions (and, doubtless..some will call
that selling-out). At any rate, it is
significant that in order to turnout a
top-notch album. Dylan found it
helpful to rework his old successful
formula— mainly elemental guitar-
bass arrangements powered by a
mixture of coherent. yet often quite
heavy. lyrics. While those looking
for any form of deﬁnitive political
message may still be largely disap-
pointed. the majority will probably
welcome this opportunity to share in

. Dylan's poetic experience while be-

ing spared much of the sentimental
stuff evidenced by last year‘s Planet
Waves.

  
   

   

SI ARI [NU FRIDAY
('lleMA ()NlE‘S

NEW ART POLICY

 

   
 
 
 

lcrrluring
MONIY l‘YI’llON'S

And Now l-ur Something

('omplctely Ilillerciu'

  

lllld 'ﬂ

 
 

muting: at

MS and 9:16

  

psoaza

' tivities‘! Ormaybe in conﬁrmation of ‘ L

rate. these alrefquestions -

EGG

mu Och/cams

ROUTE lSS - lAlHAM - 785-3388

coitus u z

 
 
  
 
     
 
    
    
 
 
 
  

      
  

  
  
    
   
 

 
     

 
 

 

 

   
 

While the latter seemed to go to
almost pathetic lengths to convey the
impression of Dylan-in-paradise.
Blood on the Tracks presents the
strikingly sober aftermath. It is
nothing less than ironic that, to
regain his poetic form. Dylan ap-
parently had to retrace some of the
humble paths which were instrumen-
tal in producing his initial
preeminanee: alienation. disillusion-
ment. and the sad self-reckoning of
one who has experienced the
elusiveness of the quest.

As Dylan's fame has grown, he has
chosen more and more personal
topics to comprise his songs.
Although it has been claimed that
the “superstar syndrome" results in
an artist‘s becoming increasingly
isolated from the world of mortal
concerns. it is probably Dylan‘s in-
tention this time to reach his
audience on an intimate level by
making hissongs more personal. rind
thus. ultimately. universal (that is.
by touching upon the recurrent
themes which affect us all for exam-
ple, love and separation).

The Songs .

“Shelter from the Storm“ may be
viewed as an interesting extension to
Dylan‘s earlier songs. "Watching the
River Flow" and "New Morning":
yet another affirmation of the need
to escape the maddening crowd.
complete with a cleverallusion to the
“thorny crown“ which Don McLean
supposedly has Dylan Wearing in his
"American Pie“. The difference is
that this one presentsa sttdder.wiser
vision which seems to realize the
temporary and evasive nature of a
world-retreat. “You‘re Gonna Make
Me Lonesome When You Go“ is a
very catchy upbeat tone which
witnesses the surprising turnabout
(for Dylan) of the guy being left by
the girl. lt scents botlt musically and
thematically reminiscent of. and yet
opposite in intention to. "Don't

  
  
  
     

   
     
     
   
     
     
    
  
   

SIARIING l'Rll)AY
('lleMA IWU'S

  
 

NEW ADULT POLICY

leriiiiriitg
CHERRY BLOSSOM‘
plus
'ANITA’

  
  
  
 

Hi.“ I lot Idulll only
pronl ol .9. required
(ll)
cont. hem I M

  
 
  
   

 

  

Think Twice, lt's Allright“. "If You
See Her, Say Hello" is also com-
prised of the same theme of the guy
getting left behind. Perhaps this
lends ﬁre to those divorce rumors.
“Idiot Wind“ is one that Dylan
freaks should find particularly ex-
citing. ltseemsa“put-down"songin
the great tradition of“Likea Rolling
Stone“ or “Positively Fourth
Street“. One isalmost moved to kiss
the turning disc when thespiritofthe
“old” Dylan blasts the cutting
chorus: “idiot wind. blowing every
time you move yourtecth/ You're an
idiot, babe/ It‘s a wonder that you
still/ know how to breathe".
Whether Dylan is. in fact. indicting
an individual. personality type. or
entire social mclieu (maybe the
Watergate-mentality‘l). it‘s incredi-
ble that, for once. he is not afraid to
involve himself in the mud—wallow.
He ends the song by admitting, “ch
are idiots, babc/ lt's tr wonder we can
even feed ourselves“. Other notable
songson the album include "Tangled
Up in Blue“. a tangled up
autobiography of sorts, and “You‘re
a Big Girl Now“, a woirtlty successor
to “Just Likea \Voman"(whiclt, un-
like the latter. takcs utwo-sided ap-
proacli to problems 0 fa male-female
relationship). Two story-type songs
go over really well also. “Lily,
Rosemary and King of Hearts“. a
rollicking Western adventure about
a love quadrangle. is interesting.
provided you can sort out the
various characters. and “Simple
Twist of Fate" is a fascinating and
chilling portrayal of a chance love
cncounterwltich mysteriously comes
to take on increasing significance for
the male protagonist.
conﬁrmed on page Ila

llpen new vistas of hope for her. ,

She's the kind of young girl that feels
lonely. Feels left out. Feels the whole

world is a hostile place.

The kind of girl who has crumbled
under the awesome pressures of a
disrupted home and an inconsistent
society. The adolescent girl who has
built a wall around herself and who
will never grow tip emotionally unless
love breaks through to free her. . . .

The Srsrtzus 0r Tin: Goon Strain
HERD who "TC religiously committed
and professionally trained dedicate

a   Lyrics

 

by Gregg Thomas Welnlekl *

After the battle.at”ter the winners and the losers have realized there were no
victors and that no one was really conquered, all that remains is the 111.000
ON THE TRACKS; all that remains is Bob Dylan's new Ip. in his most
deﬁnitive recording to date. Dylan has given us ten new selections. ten new
glimpses at a heart. at a soul that once ServedIas a generator for rr youth
culture only a decade ago. - .

But the portrait Dylan sketches of himself on his new album isnur o rte nra
Marat-like leader whose blood runs through his pen,.but rather of rr grown
man whose years of initiating and participation are‘ now seen only as ghosts
haunting the lyrics to his new songs~for Dylan has become aware of his own
capabilities. of his own powers. Dylan cannot change the world and we have
no right to ask him to try.

Thus the mature and sophisticated Dylan, convincing in his wist- rrgc,
heard on BLOOD ON THE TRACKS is heard reminiscing, commenting
and philosophizing. He is an intense. socially conscious poet with n capacity
ofwriting painstaking poems of love such as, “lfYou See Her. Srry llclln." o}
"Tangled Up in Blue.“ He is a twentieth century Byron; a modern \‘ctslttll of
Cavafy. And now the years have begun to add structure to Dylan‘s life and he
is no longer structuring the years.

From the opening song, “Tangled Up In Blue." it is obvious that Dylan's
involvements are with a different class of people—«not people that \r'llir'
problems and try to work them out but with people who ltave already been
caught inthemire. trapped in this snare oflife. He sings ofa divorst tr ornrrn.
(not a girl), who now works in a topless joint trying to make ends meet.
Dylan‘s memories of her are poignant recollections of their abandoned lmt‘
which. from thevery beginningwas “Tangled Up In Blue." After rent-tr ing llls
acquaintance she gives to him a boolr. of poems “Written by an Italian pnt‘l
from the fifteenth Century.“ "Idiot Wind“ blows freely and without
limitations irt this chaotic world.

And Dylan's voice isjustly angry as he damns the mock-heroes thrrr llll\
country turns out as quickly as it spins offpoor records, publishes brrd hooky
and produces smilingjcrks for politicians. Looking up through it Yt-rrrscnn
cone. Dylan sees us twirling about recklessly in this onslought ol'plrrxru-rit

Socially conscious Dylan will always be. But hetvill also continue to be .r
master craftsman of poems conveying emotions resulting from :r deeplt tch
love affairoradmiration. Not since “Girl From The North Country "HI “\.rrl
Eyed Lady," has Dylan exhibited such painstaking lyrics as he has put Into
the respect he demonstrates on.“lf You See Her, Say Hello.“

Perhaps the poetic gem ofthe album, Dylan in adifferent situation. t‘rtlllC\
through with a precious sense of class and maturity even to thc L‘\lt‘|l| ol
suggestingto her new lovertltat:”ifyou getclose to her/ kiss lteroncc ltn'tllt‘ I
always have respected her/for doing what she did irt getting free." And .n the
same time Dylan acknowledges that the scars of any love affair will rtt-nr on
one‘s heart forever: "she still lives inside of mc/we‘vc never been apart "

“Simple Twist of l rte." “Lilly, Rosemary and The Jack ol ileum."
“Shelter From The Storm." and “You're A Big Girl Now“ are :rll lillt'
representations of the most noteworthy singer of poems todrrt lllt.‘
musicians backing Dylan on BLOOD ON THE 'I‘RA ('It‘Srtre super it might»
blending togctltera sound equaling the quality of John Wes/er I’lll’tflll‘.‘ llrrl
what is most rewarding after listening to this record is that Dylan tlrwr‘r
really take its anywhere-and this stability is in sueh a casual rnartnt-r one o
convinced that perhaps there just isn‘t anywhere to go!

(iodot has promised us too many times. We had best stun ll\ irtg art Ir a Ir.rr
we have today. And what is it that any one has, that any one can t‘rlll |rr~
possession and thus alter it as he pleases“! The answer is one's own lllL' \u H
Dylrrn doesn‘t lead us anywhere. it is true withme. l'm more satrslred nrxl
knowing what he‘s thinking and how he‘s growing; satisfied just to know hr: rx
only a human being like us all and likewise scrapping through these tillllrllll
times. I know I‘m tired of being led or even thinking that MllllCtlllt' -rrr
lending ittc. l've given up on heroes. God. it's hard enough just hung .rrrd
trying to tirtderstand yourselfzjust maturing.just gro;wing.just trying In mm“
a little class. But it is nice “bringingit all back home": even though it hrrnp .rn
occasional tear to the eye. And it‘s kind of nice. even kind of crrrrtlorruhlr to
have grown up our of hall with liob Dylan who even appears uezrrt or 'IIIL'
tunes“ that have worn us all out.

    
 
 
   
  
  
 

themselves to guiding adolescent girls
who have personal. social. and family
difﬁculties.

As psychologists. child care and
socrtrl workers, teachers. nurses, rec-
reation leaders, and in other fields.
the sisters strive through love, under-
standing, and total commitment to
Clinstyo help these girls find them-
selves and God again.

Do you have a rice interest i
others? Would‘you ilk: more info:
matron on our apostolate of curing?

 

(X Vocation Director

Yes. please send me information.
men: 0; the (3000 Shepheao
. Madonna Hall
Cashing Hill Drive. Marlboro. MA 01752

 

 

Name A ’
e ,
' Address 28
r In
Cauca-

 

l
I
l
l
I.
l

 

 

 

' ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

APRIL 11, 1975

 
     
     
   
   
    
    
      
     
 

American History

by sob Ellhg '

I This past Sunday, two hundred years of American history
from, one of the first Bicentennial attractions. had arrived in thiscity encompassing fourdays of r ’
its cross country tour. I was amazed to ﬁnd a mile long line of peopleawaiting the event; so we

must all wait our turns.

The train consisted of twenty-ﬁve cars. of which eleven cars contained large exhibits. such as:
an antique car. the Freedom bell, and a lunar vehicle. The major portion of the train had a
conveyor belt that ran through ten of the ears, and permitted the viewers to observe the various
exhibits. Upon entering the train l was given a headset to wear and information was presented
through them to describe what particular exhibits one was gliding past. The attractions ranged
anywhere from an audio of Patrick Henry‘s famous “Give me liberty or give me death” speech. to
a minute‘s worth of the original Celtics basketball team winning a game of hoops.

Other itcnts included in the train‘s repertoire were Abraham Lincoln‘s freeing the slaves.

All Types Shake it up
At Singing Pizza Place

by Richard Parke

It was ttnother one of those fan-
tastic Friday nights at Albany. What
to do? Well. we could go see another
movie like we‘ve done for the past
four weeks. or we could hit the same
burs like We've done since we've been
coming to tltis place. No. tonight we
jtrst had to do something different.
Well. my friend Ernie Sprancc
suggested tve go to Shakcy‘s l‘iua
l'arlor in latham! He said it‘s it
"different" kind of place.

At about l0130 we reached
Sltrikey‘s on Rte. 9 and I found the
excitement I was looking for. We
walked iit tltc front door into it room
that has long tables and little stools
to sit on. in tire hack isa counlcrtlial
sells piI/a and beer. In front is a real
live piano player and over hisltcad is
a screen that has words to songs
lltrsltctl on it.

'I hurt: must have been close to 75
people there. all singing what was on
lltc screen. It was an incredible sight
watching young people. old people.
college kids. ctcry conceivable age
group and lypc of person enjoying
singing rtrtd each others company.

lltcrc was no generation grip irt this
place. It ttrtsn't trio long before I had
_|t|lllt.'ti in tire singing ol such
"beautiful" old tirtte songs as "liyc
the Sear“. "()n lop ol'()ld Smokey".
"Ctrrnptnun Races". jtlsl to name it
lets.
lllc trntc lieu until it was |:()t)ri,rn.
rind lrrttc to leave. I walked out ol
lllL'lt: \\llll riiy Iricnds Janet and lir-
nic. ltnrrrse. lccling the effects of
pitcher,»' of beer. and happy. This
place could go unnoticed no longer.
lltclolltrtt'ingnigltt.Srrttrrtlriy.my
good friend livelyn and l trekked

   
    
  

    
 
     

 

  

BEBE

      
  
  

 
  
      
            
       
    
  
  
  

  
 
   
    
  

APRIL 11, 1975

    
  

Next? Whiz ﬁBlle]

over to Shakey‘s after sitting thru
another ﬁne movie on campus. Half
the fun was watching her reaction as
we entered the phoc. She seemed as
surprised and excited as I had been.
Well. the mood was a little more
mellow this night. and not so rowdy.
it was a very pleasant and quiet at—
mosphcre. After sharing a piua and
beer. we settled back and sang along
with everyone else until closing. It
was one of the nicer evenings I‘ve
spent while attending this poured
concrete school that we all call
home???” Anyway. part way thni
the evening, l discovered that the
Piano Player is a student here. We
got to talking and had a very in-
teresting conversation.
lloward Eekcr. the piano player,
is a senior. majoring in RCO. He
hopes to attend Medical School
upon graduation and eventurtlly
become an Orthopedist (interesting
goal for a piano playing Com-
munications Marjorl). He's been
playing the pirino since second grade
and has loved it for nearly that long.
'l‘cn months ago he saw it card oit
Albany's job board for a Piano
Player and applictl. He‘s been work-
ing at Slntkcy‘s ever since.
llnwic had to learn I40 songs in
one week. l‘hat‘s about half as many
songs its he plays lit oitc night. l’lny—
ing liotrt 7:30 to Hill on Friday and
Saturday nights wreaks ltnvocort the
lingers and also i imagine on the
social life. lint. as llowic says. the
pay is good. tltejoh is great, and he
really enjoys his work. He gets
himself involved with the people
llterc rind has just as good it time as
everyone else.
He linds people of all ages at

W

rolled into Albany. The Freedom

    

     

t  I}..Ai>7i

.rl

 

Shji‘key‘s ' ' eollggc crowd ismost-
ly from brcn and Rl’l. He said very
few people from Albany State come
around which he finds curious.
Things happen at Shakcy's that
happen nowhere else. At one small
party that Sicna ltnd tlterc. 347
pitclterstil'bccr'wcre consumed. pco-
plc were dancing on the tables and
one guy started swinging frotn the
light fixture. People have gotten tip
on stage and led tltc singing. One
night some guy dressed as Count
Dracula came in. ordered a
sandwich. sat down. sang a few
songs. got tip and left. Nobody knew
who he was, what lie was doing there
or anything elsc. As l‘vc said. only
things like this could happen at
Shakcy's.
They also give away pri/csittngs on
campus 0n the screen throughout
the night. slides llash risking lor such
things its a ring with a blue stone. 2

' American art. Eastman‘s ft 1
the movies. the working classes. Martin Luther King. John F. Kenn
that I have ever seen; none ther th ' _ _ j _

The exhibits themselves‘were quite interesting to look at nd listen to.__
presenting them was anotherstory; the conveyor belt was pod up due to tlte't rn out of pen
the exhibition; in doingthis lwent
of them. The headphones were also a hindrance;

American singers through my headset.

After my brief journey into my past heritage.
of ‘76: the only spirit I did leave with was a remi
adults; amazing how the cost of freedom has gone up in two hundren years. Anyway if you do
decide to Visit the Freedom Train when it comes to your town. I would advise you to pick a day
with no crowds. Also keep your cameras at home. no shots are allowed tobetaken on thetrain.

 

  

  

and the largest

earners. Bing Crosby'sgolden White Christmas clbum, tributes to

  
    

 
 

 
 

by the exhibits so quickly that I wound up missing

theatre tickets. 3 shoes in your hand.
and other weird things. The ﬁrst per-
son up to the stage is the winner.
Well one night Ernie Sprtirtcc went
flying and sliding across someones
face and somersaultcd onto the stage
with his ring with the blue stone.
Well he got his 50 ccttt bccr free. He's
now reaper-tiling front tire breakage
ofcvcry bone in his body. ’l’ltcpri/cs
tire cltanged every few months so
that the regulars are kept on their
toes rritd newcomers have a chance.
A new slide that Ilowie is going to
ptil itt risks for it itccktic. Nobody
knows about it except for l'lowic.
rttc. arid now tltc |0.(lll() or so readers
til the ASP.

Towards the cttd of the conversa-
tioit I asked Howie wlty ltc tltougltl
very few people frortt Albrrity State
showed up. He feels that very runny
of the kids in this school are too
"sophisticated". 'l’ltcy don‘t want to

would

afraid to sing.“

faculty and students.

spend an evening.

  

 alternative film'ic emerienoe since 1954.

presents

EBUWUWQE BEBE

€366pr ﬂlﬂeiilﬂ
I] (i100 (ﬂ ﬁfUtﬁWUlDB [if—MW ti] Bfﬂtﬂﬂfl] [ﬁﬁJfﬂB

E8911

All shows 50:! w/tax

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ﬁfﬂﬂlﬂfﬂi? (WEBER: ﬁt]

STAY FOR BOTH SHOWS
COME EARLY

$1.00 w/o

liebet

as I passed an an exhibit l lt‘e‘pt‘ltearing'

I expected to leave with some nationalisticspirit
rider to l976, since the tickets were $24!) for

lower themselves. Artotltcr problem
it transportation. You need it car to
get there. but there are so many cars
of campus that ldon‘t think that is it
major reason. Howie told me ltc
like “more people from
Albany State to get their ass up
there" and they should “lcatc their
inhibitions at the donrand don‘t be

He‘s right! Sltakcys is a place than
is different. It‘s fun. Lt'eryone can
get involved. All nty friends scent to
really enjoy it and I think moslol'tltc
University (‘rrtttrnunity would. botlt

The directions to Shrikcy‘s are
easy 'I uke lltc Northway to tire Rte 7
Latitum exit. Make a right at the
light. go the the circle rind get onto
Rte 9 towards Albany. About u
quarter mile down the road on the
rigltt is it different kind of place to

funded by student association

 

PAGE 3A

 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 

 
  
     
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
    
  
  
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
     
  
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
     
   
   
  
 

  
 
 
     
  
  
    

 

    
  

