 

 

 

Summer;    V the’nature of God amt Christ    I” if  ~  ’ .  H v r Barrytowni 

lggilyl’l‘tyu‘ém' . m“    W‘m‘m’ “32“”  - . Will be analyzed, as well as
and 140 Oxford it" -

and Cambridge V " ' ., their relevance to orthodox
students attended ‘ . a ' I» ' . . .
gglenﬁggay . . _ - ~ i Christianity, Eastern religions
" and a new emerging World > . .
religious, cultural, p0/itical and  International Training Center, Barrytown, New York

economic system

 

Social consciousness was awakened as the British students discussed and worked to-
gether with international staff members who had been studying the Principles. Abstract

concepts were given a practical test in this situation. Group interaction led to much in- 7'
dividual soul-searching which was of lasting mutual beneﬁt to staff and students alike. 2 O R I E N T a T I O N M E  I N G

Spring 1974

The phi/dsophic implications       v       “V  D M 

 

 

 

‘A«.. "Jr? -  . t  M: I "1‘?  1.
of a harmonized well/v oféthe ‘ 

Western image of God and   " ‘ f V ’,    ‘ '4 l _  V  
Eastern principle'of Yin-Yang     ' ’T  = ’ "   “  7 y  l 7  I I   I In 

Participants came from major universities on the East Coast. - .
Turtion $30
Summer 1974 includes meals and room

Student Quotes

 

Transportation will
“At times l was simply overwhelmed at '- I
the thought of these ideas being the   

truth,"

 

“Outstanding quality of lectures, good

content, impeccable format."
Soccer competition between British and Japanese students itt Denver at the joint
student conference. ’

“The people from C.A.R.P. taught me
more about the principles iust from
their actions.”

During the summer of I 974. the Second International Leadershi [Seminar was held. 120 students from
Japan, 80 from Korea and I20 from France, England and Germany lived together for 40 days.

. Sponsored By I '  I C    S 
The Collegiate Assocratlon for the  campus en Albany, N Y 72210

For more information, contact C.A.R.P. at:

 

 

 

Research of Principles (C. A. R. P.)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

