5.3.51.‘ yr .. ,_ 4.995' «

March 14-15 CC Ballroom

'8 pm - 8 pm.

Come on down! Food, beer,

 lama; entegtainment! .

. t ‘l‘
‘mttrvisi‘...  n on t gravitas: Mu;- "‘

Pfoceeds go to Wildwood School
for Developmentally Handicapped Children

Highlights:

Children's Hour - Saturday 10 - 2
Auction of Hyatt House Waterbed Suite

Pie throwing - at Norbert Zahm, Pat Curran,

Harold Cannon, Jane Harkinson
Talent:

John 8 Hector, LaRoux, Terry "D.C." Harps,
Tiny 8 the Tinettes, John Cimino,

Chet Arthur & the Flaming Aces

Campus Inna. will be running on a 24 hour

on a 24 hour schedule iron Fri. 8 pal to Sat. 8 pm

‘1 u. l "‘ -.m‘MwM‘Ww”ho>-~g

 

Campus Connoisseurs

Sample Fine? Wines

by Hillary D. Kelblelt and Alln D. Abbey

They leaned against the aluminum folding table with the yellow plastic
tablecloth, licking their lips beIWeen the tastes of wine being served iii plastic
goblcts. Some held the wine to the light to check its clarity. One man sniffed
his glass. testing the wine‘s bouquet. These amateur sommeliers were in the
Fine Arts Building, surrounded by the Martha Jackson Gallery Collection
Monday night-

“The 1975 College Wine Tasting Festival," was the natne given to this
protnotionol‘ the Media Group of Boston, a public relations firm dealing
primarily with college related activities.

They sold the idea to a number of wine companies. collated the different
wines, and offered the package to 25 schools in the Northeast. Kim Kricgcr,
Services Director of SA, organized the event on this campus. and used the
occasion to announce her candidacy for SA President next year.

Eight inexpensive wines ($2 to $3 a bottle) were served one by one to the
100 students who came and went throughout the evening. l.os Hermanos
Mountain Chablis was the first, a light, delicately flavored white wine from
California. Next was what turned ottt to be the most popular wine of the
night, Isabel Rose. from Portugal, a semi-sweet r"‘c. New York Great
Western Dutchcss Rhine, with a taste close to that of Liebfraumilch. was
next. It was a bit tasteless. Great Western Vcritas. which was described as a
“crackling rose“ by the brochure. received negative comments from the three
people questioned. “lt'stbeworst, lprcfcr Ripple. 'l’hc shit tastcslikc Lavoris
with bubbly.“ said one man.

lsracli Carmel Carignan, a very dry red wine. (LW. Cliclois. a terribly
bittcr medicinal red wine. Kirsberry. a cottgh syrup ﬂavored cherry wine
from Denmark, and Sicilian (iold, which was merwhclniingly sweet. and
alnioiidy, ﬁnished the selection. Small pieces. “Iontluc sire." said an Art
(iallcry worker were served ostensibly to clcttn tltc palatc and cool the
stomach. Ravenous students stttlletl much more in their mouths.

Having goncdown the line, the people wcrc lt'cc to go back and reﬁll their
glasses with whatever they wanted. A cocktail party atmosphere settled ovcr
tltc crowd. which broke up into little groups. lltct'c wcrc sc\cr:il political
discussions scattered throughout the crowd. In one corttct'. sat l'oiir womcn
htisily entertaining three half filled bottles of n inc. /\ fen couples stood
around talking softly and some people walked around alonc. viewing the
exhibit.

Serving the wine was John Astttood. \iho ltll' the last two years has been
the show manager of the Wine and ('ltccsd’lsﬁllh‘itl 'iit lltc N'Cw‘Yl‘irk
t'oliscum. llc ad tnittcd that not all thc notes were being served at tlictr
correct temperatures. thus aflccting their lastc. At this lttttction lic \vasjttst
tlic bartender.

As the evening continued the (iallcry got notstcr. as people "tasted" tnorc
and more wine. A few of ,thc tnorc over/.calotts "connoiscttrs" \vcrc sccn
stumbling out the door.

“A COMIC MASTEDDIECB‘ :

«not, I Aim-N SHuRDH REvtfw

. 7:"- am”. .7»

MOHAWK MALL

"At t l()WN RUM)
\l NI N! ( lAlH

by C.S. Ssntlno

David Frye, comic and im-
pressionist, appeared last week at the
Lancelot Lounge. a cozy night club
nestled under downtown Albany’s
Twin Towers building, presenting a
mixed bag of celebrity and political
impersonations to a generally un-
cittltusiustic ttnresponsivccrowd.

My own curiosity as to what
political satirists are up to these dttys
iii the absence of the President who
supplied them with so iiiticlt raw
tnatcrittl prompted me to attend the
'show. Well. tltc press ntay ttot have
Dick Nixon to kick around
anymore. but David Frye is still tak-
ing an occasional shot at him. trying
to keep political humor from suc-
cumbing to tltc Post-Watergate

t

. 1.. ‘4 AA A

Sat. March 22nd 8 pm

also appearing: “Orphan”
Proctor’s Theatre

4th Street,

Tickets:$3, $4, $5
For information call: 270-6505

'3

c WVMM4~ '1.

7 Post fw‘atsrgate-Fuiiniss

Mitchum and [Wicked rendition of
George C. Scott, mestly because of I
the nearly perfect facial contortions',‘
which .impiessionists can't really‘

doldmms. But even with Nixon
jokes. Frye‘s audience was unap-
preciative and sometimes even row-
dy. and Frye, sensing this. seemed to
be going through the motions in
order to get to the sure-ﬁre stuff.
Luckily, there was some good
material, mostly political. although
Fryc‘s political commentary is never
really as bombastic or cutting as,
say, the National Lampoon‘s “Miss-
ing White House Tapes“ album.

As farasjust impersonating voices
and facial expressions, Hollywood.
rather than Washington. is Frye‘s'
strong point. Gregory Peck. Rod
Steigcr, chty Fonda.Jack l’alance.
among others were all done
beatttifully. Frye's best imper-
sonations of actors include Robert

l R nsselaer Union

presents
% “Tom Rush”

Troy, NY.

 

A ~~MAO
. ww—v w-w

i

manage.

0n the political scene. Frye pic-
tures Nixon as a has-been who goes
tohisGodftither (great Brando imita-
tion) to have his justice for what
John Dean did to his once-beautiful

daughter Julie. The Godfather asks ‘

Nixon why he waited so long and
tells him he never thought she was
beautiful anyway. Fryc‘s Ford isthe
bumbling Frankenstein monster
who can‘t think straight enough to
answer questions from the audience.
Sam Ervin is pissed olfbecausc “that
l’olack .laworslti gets to see
everything." This material was
received a hit more graciously than
the act‘s opening bits. but even so.
tltc one or two persistent hecklers in
the crowd caused Frye to lose his
place now and then. at which times
he fired a nasty comment back

One of the longer and better bits
was the obligatory Rockefeller
sketch. According to Rocky, if u
mutt like I’ord can become Presi-
dent. ltc canbecomeL'lutnccllor ofthc
world. "It Ford pttls on the same
color socks in tlic tiiorning.thc day is
a triumph. And ol Lindsay “I
know Lindstu is ltandsomcgthan I
am. bttl anybody would look
1100‘] Slilll‘llnt’. next to garbage.“|
And ol Albany “l inst used it
as :t \lupplllg stone Albany is
lltc sltilholc ol the mold " ‘

l’l'}L' closed the \litl“ \\llll a
striiiglit-lomard ctilogy to Robert
Kennedy and Martin l.tttltcr King.
donc Ilt a theatrical Richard littrton
style. \\’licrc l-r) c's attempts at
liiinioi occasionth tailed. this bit
\\tt\ ll total success. ptoitding a fun
monicntsol gcnuincuziimtlt. \sll to
apologi/clor thc ltL‘llilHttl of tltc
tittdtcncc. ii initldlc-tigctl black man
\\ ho had been hothcitnul ItL’t‘tttlIL‘l
in tlic \lltl“ came on stagcntthc eu-
logy‘s close and :llIiL'ClltilitllL'ly cin-
bntccil I- ryc \\hilc the audience gaic

' him a heart) toittid ot applause.

CHARTER BUSES
For Spring Recess

'l'o all New York areas
l‘tckels being sold in C
l LOBBY
Mon (inclines, Match 1'] and
18

9 am 7 ll iani
American Enterprise Co.
472-5203 - 4§39-3639

 

\ltn/i'tll on.“ tulton

 

Camp Dippilzill
Governing Board

is looking for new members,
Students and Faculty

Anyone interested, come to meeting:

Tuesday, March 18

5:00 pm

or call Kathy 463-5634

CC 333

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7A

a

‘ 1:.

" .-. A...~C,._.Wn , . .

 

 

