   
   
    
    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_. "a...

"M‘ V”


t:

  
    
  
  

 

[by anniii Toler

      

The New York State Assemby-

New York City by a vote of 80-70.

Governor Carey presented the
legislature with the 79-page bill
which would advance the city $750
million and cider .Comp-

'trolle‘r Arthur Levitt to purchase

$250 million in Municipal
Assistance Corporation‘s (MAC)
bonds. The bill represents a90-page
plan to rescue the city from default.
Carey admits that there are certain
risks for the state involVed in the
enactment of this legislation but he
feels it is the only possible way to,
avoid the catastrophic default.
Ciirey called the legislators intoan
extraordinary session on Friday to

passed a bill yesterday to give aid to .

   

deal with New York City's financial
crisis which demanded immediate
action. He reminded the legislators
that if the city were to default the
state would be burdened with paying
-a great deal of the city's debts and
ﬁnancing necessary municipal ser-
vices. Governor Carey had previous-
ly been seeking aid to New York City
from the Federal government. Presi-
dent Ford refused to help the city
asserting that the Federal govern-
ment could not give aid to merely
one city out of an entire nation.
Emergency Board Appointed ‘
The bill also calls forthe appoint-
.ment of a ﬁve member Emergency
Financial Control Board which
would carefully regulate all of the
city's spendings. Theboard would be

governor. This Board is one of the
major sources of conﬂict holding up
complete passage of the bill. Senate
Majority Leader Warren Anderson
has been delaying action on the bill
until he can get enough votes for the
passage of an amendment which
Would call for two additional board

members from outside New York,

City. This same amendment was
defeated in the Assembly yesterday
afternoon.

' Governor Carey is conﬁdent that
the bill will be passed by both houses
as he feels the legislature has no
.choice but to act swiftly in order to
save both the city and the State.

Acid as Alternate Army‘Weapon

WASHINGTON (AP) The Ar-
my‘s general counsel and surgeon
general said Monday that tests it
sponsored on humans using LSD
and other hallucinogenic drugs were
part of a search for alternatives to
nuclear war but may not have been
properly authorized their first eight
years.

They testified before the House
Armed Services Comittee's in-
vestigations piinel that they have
"few doubts" that prescribed
medical ethics, safieiy procedures
and prior-consent requirements
were violated to some degree in the
first decade of the tests. held in the
l9505 and l960s.

General counsel Charles D.
Ablard. declined to answer in open
session as to whetherihe Ccnmil
intelligence Agency used “the result
of your research“ in actual
operations in foreign countries.

Abliird said that the "motivating '
factor" for the tests in the ﬁrst place
was a report to the Army surgeon
general from “a civilian doctor“ on
Oct. 2|. I95! uftcrthe doctor had
communicated "with several Euro-
pean medical personnel concerning
the effect of the ‘cgo-depressent
drugs.”

Aside from the threat to U.S.
troops the drugs presented. and their

render large forces helpless-but only
temporarily- and without any per-
manent damage to those forces and
none to their surroundings."

'Lt. Gen. Richard R. Taylor. the
Army’s surgeon general said that, to
the best of his knowledge. the drugs-
which at three forts. in mass ﬁeld
experiments-were never used against
foreign forces. The whole research
thrust was abandoned in 1967

Boston Bails on Busing

BOSTON (AP) Boston‘s racially
torn public schools opened Monday
with the arrest of about l00
demonstrators. most of whom said
they were on the streets to support
children being bused out of their
neighborhoods.There was no major
disruption. but expected school
attendance was cut nearly in half as
parents kept hundreds of pupils
home. No serious incidents were.
reported. and nearly |.800 armed
police officers backed by ")0 US.
marshals and 600 National
Guardsmen on standby broke up
several demonstrations and kept the
yellow school buses rolling.

School officials said over-all 58.9
per cent of the 76.l27 pupils ex-
pected to report for classes. School

because of “the unpredictability" of
LSD audiother psycho-chemical
agents. he said.

Taylor said thai.while “we may be
missing some documents." the Ar-
my‘s investigators of thedrug-iesting
program so far have found no
evidence that the portions of it in-
volving psycho-chemical agents such
as LSD were properly authorized
before 1958 ortl959.

officials said normal attendance fo.
opening day is 80 per cent.

Police said 74 members of the
probusing Committee Against
Racism were arrested Monday mor-
ning on charges of disorderly con-
duct at it gathering in the Irish
neighborhood of South Boston.
which has been the center of an-
tibusing sentiment in the city.

Twenty-one other persons were
detained at the South Boston Dis-
trict Courthouse but were later
released. A police spokesman said an
additional l0t) state troopers had
been added to the Boston police con-
tingent that was blocking off the
courthouse area near South Boston
High School.

 

potential use to get ' 
from American intelligence agents.
Ablard said the information more
signiﬁcantly “indimted that an alter-
native to nuclear weapons might be
available. a weapon which might

 

Smokey the Bear. the 25-year—old
mascot of the Forest Service. was
recently retired from the National
Zoological Park in Witshington.and
at younger betirtook Smokey‘s place.

The Forest Service reports.

however. that Smokey continues to
he Wulnr. receiving more than
150. letters ii year.

Smokey is so popular. in fact. that
the post office has given the lire-
lighting mascot its very own zip
code: 20252.

 

NEWS

l‘.tiilt)TZ Stephen l)/.innnku
Associate editors: llctiy
Win/clhcrg

AP Mnnitgcr: Mutt Kuul'mnn
ARTS

Preview: .loycc l'eigenhnuni
SPORTS

liditor: Nuthun Sultmt

EDITORIAL
Editor: Andrea Her/berg

 

SUSAN COLEMAN
Managing Editor

I'A'I‘RICK McGI.YNN
l’rmlui'timi Mmmgt'r

Associate lor oll-cumpus: Rundi Tolcr

Editors: lliliitry Kclbick. Spencer Ruggio

Associate editor: Michael l’iekurski

The Albany Student Press it published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year except holidays.
Address- mail to: Albany Student Press. CC 326. I400 Washington

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FULL STAFF MEMBERSHIP

DANIEL GAINES
EtliIor-in-Cltiel‘

JER

OPERATIONS

Stein. David

PRODUCTION

lechuictil litiitot

LES Z UCKERMAN
.‘ltlt't'rllirt/tg Managers
DA NIEL O‘CONNOR
Business Manager

Assistant liditor: Miirc Weigcr
Circulation Mnutigcr: Nancy l’illcl
liilling Accountant: Susan Domrcs
(‘Iaissilictl Advcr

Assistunt Pi'oiliicton Mnitugci's:(‘ni‘i)i Mcl’lici-
mu. Louise Mar
'2 South liluntcnstock
llcuil iyplhli lcslfc Eisenstein
('omposiiion Manager: '|
Production stuff:
Rcigcr. llcbhic (ilick. Michelle Lipton. Jnnet
Adler. Carol ilurgcr. Site Brenner. Kini lluniley
Advertising Production Staff: .loe Zubrovich.
Lisa Iiiunilo. Dick McRobert. Jcl‘f Aronowiiz
Photographs supp/led principally by University Photo Service and Camera Club

Avenue. Albany. NY /2222.

RY ALBRECHT

tising nnd Graffiti Munnger:
Kenneth Cobb

ks

  

lillen Fine. Kelly Kitti. Debbie

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

made upof Govemor Carey. Mayor :
Beanie. both the state and city comp- 
trailers and an appointee- of the'

    
  

 
    
  

 

Terrorists Aaaaealnatc Colombian General
BOG O'l‘A. Colombia (A P)Terrorists gunmen in a speeding car assassinated
the inspector general of the Columbian army today. military authorities said.
They said Gen. Ramon Arturo Rincon Quinones was sprayed with bullets as
he was .being driven to the Defense Ministry in a limousine. The general‘s
chauffeur was seriously wounded. Rincon had conducted a strong
campaign against leftist guerrillas.

Fighting Erupts In Lebanon Over Presence of P.L.o.
BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) A private army of 3.000 leftists and Moslcm
militiamen fought to encircle a Christian village Monday as savage sectarian
lighting spread into the northern Lebanese hills. The fighting is largely chr
the Palestine presence in Lebanon. The Moslems support the gueriilas and
the Christians want them curbed.

Gangsters Hold Seven Hostages for $1.35 Million
PARIS (AP) Gangsters armed with automatic weapons held seven persons
hostage in it Paris bank today and demanded a Si.35 million ransom. police
said. The bank is near the Invalides. which houses Napoleon‘s tomb. Police
said there wer either two or three gangsters involved. They had gas masks us
well as a sawed~off shotgun and pistols, they said. Bursts of automatic
weapon ﬁre were heard after the gangsters holed up in the bank btit it was not
known if there were any injuries.

Kissinger Outlines u.s. Role In Mideast Peace Plan
WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of State Henry A. Kissingcrdeclurcd today
that no more than 75 American technicians would be on duty at any one time
monitoring the new Sinai peace agreement. which he said directly affects the
security and well-being ofevery American. Appealing for quick approval of
the lsrneli-Egyptinn accord. Kissinger told the House International
Relations Committee that the maximum 200 Americans doing the
monitoring Would be Working at early-warning stations in shifts of 75.

E.P.A. to Propose New Regulations

WASIIINGTON(AP) The Environmental Protection Agency will propose
new regulations this month requiring deposits on till beverage coniuincrssold
on federal property. a spokesman says. The regulations. a goal long sought
by environmental groups. will be an attempt to cut solid wastes created by
disposable containers and may put pressures on state and local governments
to take similar action.

Postmaster Calls for Increased Subsidy
WASHINGTON (AP) Postmaster General Benjamin F. Bailur uppwled
Monday for a doubling of the SI billion annual subsidy paid by the
taxpayers. He said such a hike would be necessary for at least two or three
years. pending a thorough review in that period of those services which the
users of the mails cannot rightly be asked to support.

Republicans Set Convention Site for '76
WASHINGTON (AP) Republicans unanimously agreed today to hold their
party‘s I976 presidential convention in Kansas City beginning ncxt Aug. I6.
The Republican National Committee approved as expected the choice ot‘thc
Missouri city over Cleveland. Ohio and four other cities that had bid for the
convention.

Ford Embraces G.O.P. OII Plan

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford today embraced it GOP plan to
extend oil price controls for 45 days as Republicans and Democrats
disagreed on prospects of sustaining his promised veto of a six—month
extension. Ford would like to see a 45-day continuation of controls rind the
l'ashioningduring that period ofu Republican-Democratic compromise on il
longer-term phaseout of oil price curbs.

Miners Defy Picket Line as Workers Return to Work
CHARLESTON. W.Va. (AP) Miners defied their own picket lines todziyits u
buck-to-work movement spread across West Virginia‘s can] fields. hit by n
wildcut strike during the past month. Sctitterd reports indicated that most
mines had returned to work this morning despite scattered pickets who tried
to block mines til the midnight shift. There were sortie confrontations
bciwecn miners and pickets. Ari officinl of Big Mountuin Souls. lnc.. iii
Prcntcr in Boone County. said that when pickets uppen red at midnight. “our
men insisted they were going to work and the pickets left..luckily undcribeir
own power."

Water Problems Still Plague Trenton

TRENTON. N..l. (AP) Schools and industries without independent \vnlcr
supplies closed again today as workmen completed repairs that will restore
normal water service to New Jersey‘s capital and near-by suburbs. Louis
Klockncr. supervisor of the city‘s only filtration plum where an accidental
backup of water ﬂooded all pumps that fill a lit) million-gallon reservoir.
estimiitcd that ut least 85 percent of the water system'scustotncrs had normal
service by Sunday night.

Assembly Gives Relief to NYC Fiscal Problems
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The state Assembly approved it $2 billion plan
Mondin for a state takeover of New York City's fiscal affairs to slich ol‘l'thc
city's financial collapse. And its the Democratic-controlled lower house
passed the bit. 80-70. Republican Senate Majority Leader Warren Anderson
announced he would support it»a step that guaranteed that the Scuttle would
piiss the bill litter in the night.

SEPTEMBER 9, 1975'

 

 

 

 

 

200 Find

New Home

by Rachelle Harary '

The Hotel Wellington in down-
town Albany has been retained by
the city of Albany and is now hous-
ing two hundred SUNYA students.”
The students are mostly transfers
and upperclassmcn who could not
get on-campus housing.

At a timewhen private collegcsnre
in it bind to get more studentson to
their campuses. SUNYA is trying to
find ititcmutivc means of housing its
students due to over-crowding in the
dorms. Although the Admissions
Office does take into account the
number of beds available when it
accepts students. that is not the sole
criterion. Rodney Hurt. Director of
Admissions. cited it ntimbcr of
reasons for the housing shortage this
SCliiCSlL‘I'.

'l'hc Admissions Office can usuul- -

ly estimate the number of beds that
will be needed each semester to
house till the students that request
ou-cnmpus housing. This year the
problem started when it grcutcrthtin
average (or expected) number of
upper-division students decided to
sltiy on campus. 'l‘o fuibcr com-
plicutc matters. more freshmen and
ll'llllSiCI'S then expected also rc-
qucstctl ilII-CllliiptlS housing.

Once this problem was brought to
the attention of John Welly. Direc-
tor oi Residence. he immediutcly
went to work trying to find ulter-
uutivc menus for housing the great
influx of rich students. Wclty spoke
to l‘rcdcnt licnc/ci who in turn dis-
cusscd the problem willt the Mayor.
the Mayor was involved in
proceedings lor the city to tiikc title
oi the \Vciiingion. since the bunk
hnd lorcclosctl on the mortgugc held
by the ("utter liotclscluiin.'l'lic total
price ol lilt.‘ hoicliunoiintcd to limit.-
tlllt). l-nrty-cighl thousand of that
\\us iiile IIIXL‘S.

lhcrc wits u check on the hotel‘s
iiuncx bctorc it \vnsupprovcd for oc-
cupnncy by the students. “On .luly
|tl.|975 members of the State Fire
Advisory Bureau. the Albany l’irc
ilcpnt‘lmcnt. SUNYA Central Curit-
p its l)c\clnpmcnt ()fficc.und our of-
licc (Office of Residences) made it
building inspection of the above
incililics.

lhc building iippcu rs to be of fire-
rcsistivc construction. wcll innin-
tuincd with the boiler room.gnrugc.
interior stairway rooms opening

 
 
 
   

 

 

   
   
  
  
    
    

 
   
  
  
    

 

    

    
      
       
   
    
    
    
    
   
   
   
    

 

 

  

  

  
 

   

The Hotel Wellington: unprofitable hostel becomes temporary
MW

     

  

solution tor SUNYA'I peronﬂ

there on and the entire first floorcor-
rid or where the interior stairwin ter-
minutes sprinklercd." 'l‘h is statement
is it qitotc from the Sitmmiiry of

Building Inspection of Hotel
Wellington. ()ii the list that followed
the opening stniemeni there were
lwciity four deficiencies lhut had
been cited. hilt nil ofihc deficiencies
urc scheduled to be fixed during the
full semester. The I'CilStli'l that these
problems are culled deficiencies and
not \‘iolntions is been use the building
us it now stands meets till the
building code requircmcnts sci fora
building its ugc. 'I'i) supplement the
sufcty of the building it will rcntcdy
these deficiencies and the buildings
being completed now.

llic city has appointed Mr. Ruben
(icrsowii/ to munttgc t be money that
it allotted for the renovation of the
whole hotel. 'I his money it mounts to
$20,000 for the first piltISt: of the
rcnovutions. The money is being
used to pnint tltc hotel rooms. cor-
rect the above mentioned deficien-
cies and rcftirnish the main lobby.
Contrary to popular belief. till of the
money is not going to the half of the
building occupied by the students.
but their half is being renovated
first.

Mr. (icrsowitxnnd Mr. Ilnvckost.
the manager. both made iiclenrihtii
this is It city operation. The city did
not btiy the hotel with the express
purpose of necommtiduiing the
students. although they are quite
Iiiippy that the students are there.

 

    

 

  

 

 

 

h...”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 'Lsii‘i

 

“3
MI

E”

 

tr. 
that“

46 fullii“”d.‘""l

 

 

 

   
  

 

 

SEPTEMBER 9, l 975

   

by Michael Sena

,-  the two men at the
ho el nformation desk and the din
from the overhead lights. the Hotel
Wellington is quiet. The narrow lob-
by hullway. faded yellow walls. and

' , green carpeting give the hotel an air

of austerity.
Because of the overcrowding in
the dorms and Alba ny‘s new housing

I glaw two hundred SUNYA students

inow live in the city‘s lone remaining
hotel. The Wellington looks out
upon the Capital park and the busy
downtown shopping area on State
Street.
A certain eomurudiiric or pioneer-
ing spirit has brought the student
residents together. For the residents.
mostly transfer students. the Hotel
Wellington was the last hope for on.-
cumpus housing,
Gayle Knibloc is one of the four
Resident Assistants in the
Wellington. For the hat two years

9 "if" “F :3

wong

A pioneering spirit prevails among students situated In the
Wellington: “It could be worse."

Although there ili't.‘ still muny
problems to be solved thcrc isn fcci-
ing of coopcrution bctwecn ull pur-
tics invohcd. The hotel was not
legally in the hands of the city until
August 8. coniructs went out to the
students oil the l2|hund they started
moving in on the lei. There was less
than two weeks to accomplish fill the
cleaning and fixing tip that the lioth
nt'cdcd. Needless to say. there wtis
much that could not be done in that
short time period.

Council Cooperates

I here bus been coopcrution froin
the Central Council its seen by the
allocation of $|0Ii0 for program—
mmg. nnd in excess of 340.000 for
rcgulnr uiitl temporary lute-night
bus service. lhc city bus iilso
coopcrutcd by protiding for the
renovation oi the hotel and thc iii-
siulhttion of :1 student stuff of R.A.‘s

not] it Down Director. l'hc R.A.'surc
(inylc Knibloc. l‘rcd l.itt. Leslie
l'ici/c. ililti lid Vtilenic. The Drum
Director. Robert Levin. is u
gruduiiic strident.

l'hcrc are times when till the
residents will question why they got
ptit into the Wellington but ioqtiotc
lioh l.cvin.“thc Wellington isti corti-
plciciy new experience in student liv-
ing. We tire trying to mu kc the int nsi-
tion into this new lifestyle its simple
as possible. Due to the short time
clement bclwccu thcugrccmcut with
the city to house tlicstudcntsund the
uctuul iil'I'l\ili of the students. many
problems still hnvc to be solved,
Slowly but surely the necessary im-
pi'oi cincnts iIrL' being nindc. Despite
the incomcniciiccs of committing.
the Wellington hits the iiduintugc of
u dorm-like ntmosphci'c and the
pritucy that only at single room can
provide.

 

FOR

  

SALE

$88.00 and up
used with guarantee
We also rent
Duane Rentals
~ 415 Delaware Ave.
Albany, NY

462-6781

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Life attire“ wellington;

‘ she has been an RA on ln‘dianiquad.

“There‘s much more for me to learn
down here.” she. said. .“We're
pioneering the whole thing down
here. Being an RA hereismuch more
exciting than being an RA on In-
dian. But it involved a lot more
work. You have to piit out a little
more energy to solve problems. The
resources are more limited.“ she ex-
plained. “For example. if we want a
coffee house we don't have the urns
'or other stuff that you have on-
ctimpus. you have to borrow them."
She noted that she is trying to work
something out with an RA in
Tuscarora to share movies.

On the positive side Gail noted
that you don‘t have the small “clo‘sc-
knit social groups that you have on-
cumpus. People are ready to make
new friends.“

Most of the complaints centered
around the isolation of being all the
wnydowntown.the luck of food.and
the quirks in the sicty yearold annex.

Ditinne Torsiello. a transfer stu-
dent from Nasaau Community
College lives in it spacious double
room. “It‘s kind of bad. You just
meet the people here. all there is is

‘us.“ she suid.“lf you have a party it's
just us. Plus I hate the city. But
there‘s always parties here. thuf‘s
‘whni wedo around here."- Dianne
complained that the liotclis not in
the best of shape. “These beds are so
shitty. The management  and
put in» boards. They're lic-
comtiduting. but it just tnkcs time."

"You have got to Item this plaice at
7 or )4 o‘clock in the morning."
Dino nc suiti nsshc smiled. "You hear
rocks and holders going down it
shittc from illlisitic in ii'lL' street. The
City must be btiildiiig or fixing
something. l'hcy woke the tip every
morning."

“littt you know we have room ser-
vice." Dininic‘s roommate inter.
jccicd, “'i'hc switchboard will call
you tip to wake you tip if you Want.
and that's it nice convcnicnch"

the dinner mciil piilii just started
this week. i'l'L‘lloliSi)’ stiidcntsiisnnl-
iy illt.‘ subs. peanut butter and jclly.
or “cut hungry. "Wt: don‘t cut,“ stiid
Dionne. “Wc'w bccn curing garbage.
We cut whntcvcr we can get our
hands on." l-‘ruu Kicnk. a transfer
student from ()nondtigii Continuity
College in Syracuse doesn't intend
on taking the meal plan. Site ex-
pliiincd. "l how my hotpot so I‘ve
been living otit ol thnt; Ctiiupbclls
Soups. L‘hct-lioy-Ar-Dcc with ment
and cht'csc. macaroni and cheese.
bread. iIIltJ collcc. 1 figure ifitconics
to the point where l witul it nice
dinner. lcun go down to the cufeicriu
zmd get something it In curtc."

Ilutel Needs Work

Kim Klinko. in transfer student
from lit more Community College in
llinghnmton. also likes living down—

town. "flit: main problem.“ said
Ki Iil. "IS lhnt there's so much that has
to be done such as painting the
rooms and getting everything
togct her. You know they only decid-
ed on housing students in the
Wellington just two Weeks before
school started."

“It could be worse - it's tolerable-
the people make it.” said Diunne
lorsicllo,

"It sitll‘lcti otii rough." said Karen
Icpedino. “but everybody got to
know everybody else and we‘ve had
great pui'lics." Knrcu said at first site
was worried about liviugdowntown.
but was "relieved to find there were
no cockroaches.”

PAGE THREE

   
      
        
      

 

.,,_’.,....,.,,_.e; .. -_

 

