 

ogram Exploring 0n the 'arker Side 0ft
by DIVld.WlnzelIelg municated by the Presbyterian River estate and many other assets, . of the Church in this am. Lent  V,

College rs a timeot‘ uncertainty for Church in Korea in I948. He has of which his earnest disciples see lit-' at this time.’ Patrick «programmed front anyone who would give. winch
many of us. Unfortunately this been married fourtimes. served a tie. ' . s afourteen-monthveteranofMoon‘s not‘except'ed. “A lot of my health
creams.“ breeding ground 70" “n- . three-month'~ jail sentence for con- Converts are allowedamaximttrn children from WIN”. Rhode i'was ruinedaa arresult of the‘IMFl"
suspecting recruits into the ranks of ducting group sex orgies in I955 and of 4 to 6 hours of sleep each night. Island. Twenty-one year old Shelley trips". she recalls. Turner 

 r f I . ,  l 1 Menu] Hygiene. and the Whi‘
=progn nrled. The ‘ d rtment. , . , _ ’ Incy
"m m be mm Twasuidof Farrel that “He‘s a Center. The department [5 reaching

7 r V mason tint they“ ‘ ve was belt of . v .
pom; ' I." g “mud nine ‘whollnhjﬁ -’ scholar. an excellent teacher, and a v “afﬁrmicommumlymoreand es-
, - » , , _ ,1 .. ta is mg iasons withthccit"
l ) and
books and 60 armhs in the part ‘ SUNYAsﬁrstSoetologydoctora me “am The department is also

      

   
 

            
 

   

     
 

good organizer who commands the
full conﬁdence of the entire depart-

 
  

  
 

 
 

 

 

 

.. ,. A A. ,W...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’remnmatded for omission by the
Select Committee on Aademic
Program Priorit‘ts under former
president Louis T. llenezet. Prior to
the

‘on.arev‘twtnm made
up of" internationally known

 

New Sociology heed Dr. Robert Ferret met try b atrengiten the

 

threeyun. Halfof the faulty have

presented ‘ papers at national

meiologial conferences this year
and will have grad students deliver-

ing papers at a meeting of the New

*York State Sociological Associa-

tion. something umnatched by any

other university. Despite this

evidence. the Priorities Committee
in It! n th

   

department this year.

student. Vicki Swipert. said  per-
sonality conﬂicts existed and rather
than resolving them within the
department these problems Were
sent to the dean's ofﬁce. According
to Swigert. it seemed “that the only
things coming out of thedepartment
were bad reports of disagreements
and dissension."

Dr. Farrel said: “I don't know if
that was thebasisofthe decision. but
I recognize that there wasan internal
disagreement in the department and
it had become public information."

Farrel received his PhD from the
University of Cincinnati in I972.

This is his fourth year at SUNYA-

Originally a chairman was sought
from outside the department. but
when the decision was made to sus-
pend thc PhD program. it was also
decided to ﬁnd an inside chairman.
Farrel was chosen out of the
recommendations of the members of
the department.

Dr. Farrel looks young for a
department chairman and when in-
teniew ed was wearinga flannelshirt
and bad braces. When asked if his
age was a factor and if it indicated
any new directions. he said.“lgucss
oneimponuni consideration that the
faculty had glycn was that a person
should chairthc department who has
not been involved in former dis-
agreements. ] hate not been... It was
important that the differences that
existed in the department do not in-
terfere “ith thc administration oftht:

 

ASP News Reporters Meetings

Every Sunday 8:00 -9:00 pm.

E\ cry Thursday 7;00-8:00p.m.
CC 326—Attend!

 

 

 

 

Furniture For Sale:

Student selling furniture at low price .
Beds, dressers, rugs, lamps, sofas, overstuffed chairs,
kitchen ta bles, end tables, mirrors.
Let me know what else you need.
Call 438-7367

 

 

NEW STUDENTS

GOING
THROUGH.

we KNOW _
WHAT YOU’R

ment and will put on ‘one hell of a
good show.‘ "

Swigert said that the reason Forer
wasn‘t reinstated was because hedid
want the chairmanship. She in-
dicated that there was no personal
animosity towardshiminthedepart-
ment. 'l'hedisagrcement ended up in
the dean‘s ofﬁce. she went on, and

was a “human mistake that
hurt because I only the
had seen.“ Through

Forcr's efforts. said Swigert. the
Sociology dcpanmcnt‘s faculty all
hold PhD‘s.

New developments in thc depart.
ment include a set of new by-laws
which allow for increased faculty
participation in decision making.
The faculty now elects its executive
committee.

A new project is already in
progress called the Tri City Area
Survey. This is being done in
collaboration with three universities.

the New York St t: Dc 'irtmcnt of

  .  ,
University Barber an
Hair Styling Shop

in the Campus Center

MONDAY-FRIDAY 8:30-5:00
Special Student Rates for Styling
$7.50 style now only $6.00

appointments by Dan and Ted
457-6582

     
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
  
   
   

collaborating with Capital District
Medical Center and Albany Medical
College on a number of projects.

Dr. Farrel said that he was very
optimistic about the program and
that “the accomplishments of faculty
and students in the program and the-
quality oftheprogrammustbcmude
clear. I‘m conﬁdent that when that n
clear that the university will lift the
suspension... Tlircc important urud
schools. Public Affairs. 58cm
Welfare. and Criminal Justice. are
all based on social and bclnmorzil
sciences. Therefore it is importnnt
that there be a strongrlcpztrtmcnt in
Sociology... Suspension of the
program affects people‘s ll\t.‘> .ind
careers and therefore is u \L'flttlh
mutter."

One graduate student prCtilCIL‘tl
that the PhD program out he
reinstated within six niontlh .le
said. “When you're dclincd .n rue
competent. it‘s harder than \lnrtrn:
out 'incw " .

 

  
  
 

  
 
 
 
 

an ugly and deceptive mg
known as the Uniﬁca-
tion Church. Under
the guise of various

Korean Folk Bullet.
The Collegiate Association for the
Research of Principles (C.A.R.P.)
and the D.C. Stridcrs Track Club.
the Church invites its “prey” to local
centers. There they learn or are
“mind manipulated" to believe the
ways and teachings of the Cults sc-
cond messiah." self-ordained in fund raising for the Church.
probably the source of capital for
Master Moon's_ $292000

Reverend Sun Myung Moon.
Reverend g Moon was excom-

 

 

‘ can be ..

I“

  

. \

 

 

"‘ 4 with the " "
quotes from "Master Speaks": “Our
strategy is to be united into one with
ourselves and with that as the bullet.
fronts including the we cu n smash the
world"...“Tlie whole world is in my
hrtnd and I will conquer and sub
jugatc the world"...“From this time.
every people or every organization
that goes against the Unification
Church will gradually come down.
or drastically come down ttnd die".
Recruits into the cult are trained

 

 

 

 

   
 

Recipe #4567801?

THE

YAXCO FIZZ:

They are fed a low protein.high
starch diet and are threatened with
death and eternal damnation if they
leave the Church. They are constant-
ly exposed to lectures and “master
speaks“. Since individual thinking is
forbidden. brainwashing or “mind
manipulation" is easily attained.

Several groups are presently un-
ited against Moon. They include
Citizens Freedom Foundation.
Citizens Engaged in Recruiting
Families. and Rctum to Personal
Choice. These groups help and ad-
vise purents of victims trapped in
Moon‘s wide-reaching web and
counsel them on “dcprogramming”.
it process through which the con-
vert‘s trance is erased and he is
returned to his normal states.

A highly regarded dcprogrttmmcr
und constant target for Unification
propaganda. 'l'ed l’utrick. has
helped many people shake the hold

Turner now helps people who are
caught in the cult looking for a way
out. I

Turner joined the cult in the
summer of I973. At her Rhode
Island center. known as the Family.
she was taught “the ways“ and was
hypnotized into staying with the
group. “I‘d always have feelings that
lwanted to getout. but they said that
the spirits will punish you if you
leave the Church.“ she explained.

While at the center. the former.
Rhodc lslond Colle'ge student was
trained at how to sell Church
products. how to witness and what
to shy to possible recruits of different
religions. Fund raising seemed more
important to the Church than
anything else.

In the fall of I973. Tumertraveled
the country with one of the Church‘s
Mobile Fundrttising Teams (MFI‘).
sometimes frequenting dangerous

side

Mohawk to Remain

by Glenn Nichtenhuusct

FSA Director E. Norbert Ztthm
has disclosed that SUNYA will keep
its Mohawk Campus fttcility. despite
the recommendation by u statcuudit
to shut it down and sell the property.

According to Zuhm. the Campus
had been appraised during the spring
rind summer resulting in rt figure
which. “...would not make thcsclling
of Mohawk Campus cconomicnlly
feasible at this time.“ Zuhrn also in-
dicated that if then: isincrcttscd stu-
dent usttgc ofthc facilities. the Cunt-
pus only be moved closer to the U n-
ivcrsity. Alrcndy lllL’ I"SA turd the
Student Association ztrc cvnlunting
some prime real Uhlillc. but there wars
no comment regarding the ex pcnscs
for the proposed funds,

I’r'cscnlly. more I'C\Clllll.'tl u re
needed to icnmulc dilnpitltttcd con-
ditions than exist on Molinwk (‘umv

pus. Fifty to Seventy thousand
dollars in appropriations are the
devised expenditures for the Cam-
pus. in contrast Dippikill. the other
rccrcutionttl facility. is receiving ap-
proximately ninc thousand dollars.

The repairs that were speciﬁcally
cited were the three houses on the
campus, Students would party.
relax. or just screw around there.
There has never been too many
students at Mohawk. but u decently
furnished house would probably at-
truct more.

Znhni is 'oplimistic about the
future of Molinwk (Tnmpus. It is un
ill‘L‘iI that is itlcnl for thc student who
“nuts to gut nwzty from tlichccticut-
mosphcrc of the University. In sum-
mation he added. “I hope students
will lukc more nthuntugc of these
opportunities so ll \trll not got to
unstc."

 

 

everyone to be careful of any group
with a suspicious nature and warns,
“we were psychological slaves; our
minds were raped”.

It sounds incredible. but their

, "heavenly seduction“ goes on every

day and Moon’s church is growing.
Because‘of the First Amendment.
the Church owns tax free: a 22-acre
estate on the Hudson near
Tarrytown; a' $620,000 estri'te; the
former Columbia University Club
Building valued at Sl.200.000: and a
Berkeley. California mansion
overlooking the bay with a value of
$225,000. The Church‘s goal is said
to be to purchase the Empire State
Building. The President of the Un-
ification Church inihc U.S.saysthat
when this happens. “People will
realize we‘re not a fly-by-night
operation".

Five Quad
Ambulance
On the Job

by Randi B. Toler

The Five Quad Volunteer

‘Ambulancc Service is available free

to any member of the Albany State
University Community. T e
ambulance service runs to Albany
Medical Center and St. Peter‘s
Hospital quicker than any of the
local commercial services.

If you have iln emergency the first
thing to remember is to stay calm.
The Five Quztd Ambulance Service
earn be contacted through the
Infirnntry, 'l'lic lnformury's number
is 457-8633. lftlicnurscondutyfccls
that the emergency is real shc will
cull lllL’ nmhulnnuc service on .1 hot
line and send them over to you. The
mom pulpnhc lor llic umlrulnncc
SL'I'HCL' ts ltl transport pcoplt: \tho
uccd to ht: lying down and
immobtlr/cd. or to provide
immediate first aid on the way to the
hospital, [he lnfir'mttry‘s job is to
determine whether the ambulance is
needed or u non-trained student
driver will suffice merely for
transportation.

lhct'c are several things to
remember when speaking to the
Infirmary nurse. Do not hang up
first: the nurst may need more
information from you thttn you have

 

we»... “may; ﬂ‘

 <  ‘“ "~ "M"

M.D'.'S PIZZA lS DYNAMITE!
We Deliver! Open 7 days
436-0156 4 pm. to Midnite
M.D.'S Pizza -— 104 Ontario Street

* 2 oz.Jose Cuervo Tequila I

* Juice from one lime (or 2 tbsp.)
* 1 tsp. sugar

* 2 dashes orange hitters

* White of one egg

thought to volunteer. (live the name
of the injured. your name. and a
number where you can be reached.
(iivc the nurse its much information .
its you can about tin: nature of the ‘
injury or Illness, If you are in one of

 
  
   
 
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
 

Got questions? Need information?
Come to the new student

4' Drop In Center '
:‘ I JUST BECAUSE YOU‘RE lN COLLEGE AND Ol’EfiA'l‘lNG ON A

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

     
     

«r LIMITED honor-"r DOESN‘TMEAN YOU it ~
- . ,«-~_-:- - »   .  AYEJOSACRIFICE - '~ ' ' H' ' '
YOUR (QMl-OR I. IN ANOLDAPARTMEN- -. .  - ' too lilt. toners. llrl\L sommnw hold the

 LOCATION 0 [1:9 I‘ WHEN TEN ll‘ROECK MANOR [iguN/(x)  * A glass ls quite helpful’ ' A AAA A clcvttlot on the first floorso that the l:
t ' - _-H)ROOM APAR' MENT FOR SIX " H '- -‘ v: ¢:A'::V" ' urnhulrtncc crew can reach ou as '
, \ CLUB“. YOU Dom. HAVE To HE Ms Q MONI u U} lLll Its us- ' y I
;. PATROON LOUNGE 0F .\ V/ l , REALIZE 11‘s A (1001) DEAL. CONOM'CS MAJOR '0 IndiViduals in'eresmd mtilrlci‘ribrrr):miii the Five Quad i
  ’- ’ ‘ [TP “\2 HERE‘S WHAT ELSE is [N - . in f' Voluntccr Ambulance Service who f
. ,  / to. a     °° "‘9 “s      
i /  6 d  “$1 iihNJEJ‘EUIﬁ4.Ilf3UR SECllbl’l‘Y. CERAMIC 'I'lLE liA'l‘l-lS.- am a students who luivc had at least 
 DC-j / g " IF ' i ' T E MAINWNANCE- w advanced first aid training. Ninety- f
srvtar YOU RE . fiv' -r"nt of them have had the ,’
. . EVERY TUESDAY dﬂ“ w. SHECK our té’t’ttttctf’hé‘d Shi'imﬁl‘ib ’ bafﬂe "‘9 V°”°”5 NchpYLoil: swu- Emergency Medical ;}
_/" .   ——-— 5 AB UT-,> COMFORTABLY (EIVING '  ' I b d "Technicianscertiﬁcation.lnordcrto l
, v : . THIS S ES “2R ‘ I” “5'0 our 5 . .. . t
' obtain this certification. they must 

 

and the
SA Supreme Court

uterine
m

go through on 8| hour training 
course. This year Five Quad ﬁnds I "
itself under the able direction of
Wayne l’rinty. ChiefofServiccs. and
Dick Sleeper. Assistant Chief of
Operations. if you are interested in
joining Five Quad. be on the lookout

 2 TIME: J
‘* 11:15 AM..to1:30 PM.

 

     
      
      

M

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

cm] "5"" 0' II” In at our
L h. :33"? d n. I I" h w", for ads in the ASP arid Tower
I u' I" ‘my use. cuenvo‘ TEQUILA. so moor. A A; Tribune.
A.— IMPORTED AND odrTLcD av oms. HEUBLBINJNC. HARTFORD. norm. ! s v: v A A A A v v v v

 

 

PAGE roun ALBANY STUDENT v vvvvvv vv
PRESS SEPTEMBER 9, 1975 SEPTEMBER 9, 1975 ALBANY STUDENT anss PAGE FIVE

    

