'f ti”: Minimisation Festty

[The SUNYA computer center is '

now operating under a netti'three
million dollar .Sp‘erry R'artd' UN-
IVAC “to computer. Computer
Center Director Robert Robinson
'eitplained. It will provide students
more computer time at a faster and
lower price. expand regional use and
quadruple the capacity of the slower
and older UNIVAC llos which it
will be replacing. Robinson added.
‘, , “The new computer will tie in up to
V '66 new teletype terminals to the
" f present 84. ‘ Vice President of
Management and Planning P. John

Pine

mon - sat
9 ant - 9 pm
482-1425

30‘

 

mmommamw

Wine 8: Liquor- Store, Inc.

870 Madison Ave I
(just above Ontario St.)

Hartly at... that the cam may.

be installedinieadt quad; The extra? ‘

new terminals will be suppliedt

~ High Schools. Cdlleges.~State‘A‘ge

-cy. research institutions,  to'
General Electric in northern New’
York. “
Approximately 80 persons were
involved in selecting the new com-
puter. The bidding was between
Barrows Control. who resigned
before the ﬁnal bidand Sperry Rand
UNIVAC. The Final vote from the

University center computer selection I

committee was unanimous. Monthly

rent for theNew Univae lll0will be

$58,000 as eompaired to!54,000 for
“1:!

Hills
sift wrappins

 wines
free delivery

 

are not. The sust State Budget ’

.wlll’pay 99.000, of the $58,000 for .

rental per month. By selling about
 of ailsilable time to off campus-
users" the computer Center ‘ will
make an estimated $145,000 in fiscal
197445 stated ' Computer Center
Director Robinson. This money will
be used (invested) to absorb in-
crmses in operating expenees. he
noted. The Computer Center
presently has a surplus of over
“000.000.

The SUNYA Computer Center
has not received asignilicant budget
increase in the last five years. but
campus demand for services has sky

' ‘ ‘ “Thecomputeris generally
considered to be one of the most in-
portant research tools on the cam-
pus." said Robinson. “Class use has
boomed too." he added.

 

S.A.S.U.!

-Gesundheit -

(thanx to ken)

 

 

 

L“ .—
A ﬁ»$$$$ﬁ»ﬁ»ﬁ»ﬁﬁ’ﬁ§$ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁxﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

)

A Hauntin

rvnnroo
urnruu

We Will Go

(EEG-(Emil? SWISS BﬂfﬂBDﬂtﬂ
Friday, February 14

Laurel and Hardy in...

and on the same night!!!

A Pink Panther Special

Free

with tax card
$._7 5 without"

Saturday February 15

A girl with a great following... 600 troopers on her tail. 1r...“ N
Andtherestolthecountrycheeringheron. '

lillllllf IIAWll.

Tﬂl our-am nun
"ll "UUHIMI‘IIIII

International

BELFAST. Nortlternlreland (AP) Valentine cards bearing the message
“sealed with a loving kiss" but packed with explosives injured three persons
in Roman Catholic districts of Belfast Thursday.

The deadly love messages were delivered as Northern Ireland reached the
third day of an indefinite cease-lire declared last Monday by the outlawed
Irish Republican Army.

National

WASHINGTON (AP) Without a special tax on imported oil. President
Ford‘s fucl-convcrvation program would bc virttually fruitless over the next
thrcc years. Federal Energy Administration officials said Thursday.
'l'cstifying heforc the Senate Intcrior Commmittec. FEA chief Frank (E.
Zarh and his deputy. Eric Zausncr. said thc I’rcsidcnt‘s $3—pcr-harrcl tax on
foreign oil is the only ltopcforan immediate reduction in fuclconsumption.

WASHINGTON (AP) Revenue Sharing is being used by sonic statcs to
escape civil rights regulation and to operate discriminatory programs not
possible with direct federal fttnding. thc U.S. Civil Rights Commission said
'l'hursdny.

'l'hc commission also accused tltc Office of Revenue Sharing of failing to
enforce the ban on use oRcvcnuc Sharing money in discriminatory programs
and called fora cutoff for offending statcs.

Local

NEW YORK (AP) I’t'csidcnt Ford said Thursday that congressional
interference in the conduct of [1.8. diplomacy is damaging U.S. forcign
policy. is self-defeating and violates the spirit of the Constitution.

In a speech prcparcd fora Republican fund-raising dinner. I-"ord called on
Congress to restore the bipartisan spirit that marked American foreign policy
itt tltc ycars aftcr World War II.

BUFFALO (AP) A Statc Suprcmc Cottrt .lusticc dismisscd indictments
Thursday against fivc Attica prison rebellion dcfcndants aftcr a prosecutor
said thc Statc could ttot provc guilt.

I’hc charges includcd kidnapping and assault of prison guards. .Iusticc
Cnrman Ii. Hull actcd at the request of Special Assistant State District
Attorney Charlcs R. Ilradlcy.

" l'hc gttilt oftltc dcfcndants. in ottt opinion could not bc provcd bcyond a
reasonable dottht and thcrcforc in thc intcrcst of justice thc cascs should hc
dismisscd." llradlcy told Hall.

St l'At‘lTSIi. NY. (AP) l‘t'uncts llclgc. an uttorucy lor convicted tnurdctct
Rohcrt (iat'row. has Itccu indictcd on pulilic—hcalth chargcs for hiding to
rcport the location ol thc hodics of two young womcn (iarrotv udmiltcd
killing. it was announccd llttu'sday. (iarrow tnldrliim many ycars bclorc.

Iltc indictments \vcrc t'cturncd by an Onondaga County (Brand .Iury l:|\l
wcck. hut \\L'l'L' not opcncd until I'hursday.

I{()( llliS'I'l-ZR. N.\'. (AI’) lltc Stattc Mcdical Soctcty tllst‘lltht'tl lhumlny u
is considering setting up its owtt instituncc company to piotcct pltyxtcuuo
facing malpractth suits.

|)t. Lynn R. ('ullin. an orthopctlic surgcon and Socicly l'l'USltlt‘llI. stud Ilu'
action was hciltg considcrctl lrccnusc til it lhtcalcucd termination of tin
pl'cwttl ntcduol malpractice umuuncc program in Ncw York Statc

AIJIANY. NJ . (AI’)- Ncw York Slatc's $70!) millions dairy induslt‘) could

bc hit hard if the lituopcan Common Mnrkcl tcimposcs subsidics on chccsc

cxportctl to thc U.S.. the state's agriculturc commissioncr says.
Commissitutcr l:l’llllll Walklcy said 'I'httrsduy that proposcd subsidics ol l4

by Itlehard Nordwbtd

In Spain there are men so possess-
ed with their dream of hullfighting
that they will jump suddme into the
ring during a bulll'tght and challenge
the bull. without any prior training.
George Plimpton, writer and

professionalamateur, is a little more ~

calculating than that. but the idea is
similar: to bridge the gap between
personal fantasy and reality.

As a writer for Sports Illustrated.
IIarpcrs,Esquire, and as a television
personality, Plimpton has extended
an old journalistic technique — the
writer as participant —- into a full
time shtick. Like 3 Walter Mitty of
the masses. Plimpton has acted out

' the collective fantasies of the modern

American male.

He played pro football with the
Detroit Lions. (out of which came
his bestseller. “Paper Lion“). did a
stand-up comic routine for a night in
Las Vegas. played the triangle and
gong with the New York Philhar-
monic. played basketball with the
Boston Celtics. flew through the air
on the flying trapczc. (though not
with the greatest ofcase). and on and
on. None of these stu'nts have been
too succcssful. but as Plimpton has
ttotcd. that's not the point.

“l’coplc like to see mc fail in Ill-
tcrcsting and terrible ways. It con-
Iimts thcrc faith in the systcm. Think
how badly pro- football fans would
feel if a total novicc just stepped into
a game. and threw a touchdown
pass. 'l‘hcir sense of order would be
destroyed.“

On Tuesday night. George Plimp-
ton. playing an unusual rolc --
himself. spoke before a large crowd
atthc C.C.Bal|room.on hislifc asan
amateur. As you might have ex-

pected. Plimpton‘a life as a dabbler

in unique professions hat had he
share of lamps. and funny motnents.
It all started as gag in college. He

. was in Harvard. and as an initiation

n‘te for the Lampoon he was told to
race in the Boston Marathon. That

.race is 26 miles. but Plimpton decid-

ed it would be sufficient if he only
run 200‘yards. ‘

“Here comes this fellow leading
the race. No one had been close to
him for‘miles. All of a sudden I
appear out of nowherc.'fresh as a
daisy of course. The poor fellow
took one look at me and put on a
desperate sprint to the finish line. no
mean feat after 26miles. Hebeat me.
which gives you some idea of my
speed of foot."

Later the runner. a foreigner, was
told that Plimpton was just in the
end of the race forajokc. Thc runner
didn‘t laugh. He tried to takca poke
at Plimpton‘s head. but missed.

Other athletes have attempted
violence to Plimpton‘s head with
more success. For a Sports II-
Iutlralcd feature. l’limpton boxed a
three round exhibition match with
the then light-heavyweight cham-
pion. Archic Moorc. One of l’limp-
ton's friends had convinced Moore
that Plimpton was not rcally a
writer. but an intercollegiate boxing
champion. lookingto usurp Moorc‘s
crown.

Now (icorgc Plimpton in boxing
shorts looks like a contbinatiott of
Alfalfa front the “Little Rascals".
aitd Olive Oil. yct Moore was sure he
prcscntcd a clear and present danger.
For one round he pummeled Plimp-
ton‘s face. before he rcztlircd what
kind of incompetent lie was dealing
with. “We were both relieved when it

 

llebes

Fellz Cumpleanosl An International student la excited as she reads a
happy blrlhday card from Spain.

was over,” Plimpton says today.

In addition

‘ Indeed Pl‘anpton does lead dklnd
“Poor Archie probably thought he of doublelite.,forhisisalsoaneditor
was going talkill me." V " of the‘ prestigiousllterary quarterly.
to his namttve The Parts Review. But Plimpton the

part ofltlstdtrlosity: how and ﬁt
these guys .we watdt'every w
And every once in a long while. tli

is success. ' * .

description.Plimpton broughtalong 80MB lollI'IIIlisl. did not mention.

pictures to illustrate his experiences. .‘Plilnpton the Incl"! "lilc 0“ Tile"
and two of his funniest are of that day night at Albany State.

’ As a Jewish mother might ask.
seemingly engulfed by his shorts, what'sa nice. smart boy like that do~
missing a punch by two yards over. ing. getting his head banged around
Moore‘s head. Then Plimpton with all the time? Part of it is the realiza-
a bloody nose and weeping eyes. tion of your own daydream. and

boxing match. There's Plimpton.

after the fight. “I have a sympathetic
reaction to violence.“ Plimpton
deadpanned. “I always cry when I
get hit.“

Part of Plimpton‘s appeal as a}
writer. and as a speaker, is the dis-
parity between Plimpton the man
and the macho activities he pursues.
Plimpton speaks in a ﬂawless.
detached manner. with a hint of a
Harvard. upper caste tinge to his
dialect. His vocabulary is that of an
English professor. ' not a sports
writer. and even his appearance.
lank and aristocratic. does not seem
to fit in with his wild. sporting life.
The thought of Plimpton conversing
with the likes of Ray Nitzchke. or
Casey Stcngcl. sccms strangely in—
congntous.

“After it was over..‘ Plimpton
wrote about the experience of play
in; football in Pmer‘uonrf‘there V
was the Itisfactionof haviat'ovné I
come-your physical handicaps. “'1 '
your fear. and once and for ill'hIVl'
ing‘donei '" ' j 11'

lattes
George Plimpton In file lournallam has acted out the collective
fantasies ol the modern American male. '

ISO Introduces Foreign Students
To American Culture and College Life

by Marla Abrams

llcing a new student at any university can he a trying
cxpcricncc. but imagine yourself in a foreign country.
amidst a strange culturc. "Introducing foreign students
to Amcricun culture" is only one of the multi-facctcd
functions ofthc lntcrnational Student Ofﬁce. according
to counselor Ruth Spruck.who isalso director ofSaylc s
lntcrnational Housc.

Dr. Paul Ward. a professor and foreign student ad-
visor. anti Ms. Spt'uck counscl and assist SUNYA‘s
lorcign studcnt popttlacc in areas of programming.
llnauciul aid. immigration rcgulations. and housing
prolilcms, In udditiott. thcy fulniliari/c them with
Amcrtcan culturc through conununityactivitics. panics.
mot ICS attd a tour ofAlhuny and vicinity (which includcs
Inccting clcction candidates).

Ms. Spruck cstimatcs that ovcr 205 foreign students
now atlcnd SUN YA. two-thirds of which are graduate
students. 'l‘hcy slay anywhch frotn a lcrnt. in tltc casc of
cxcltangc students. tip to sixiycars. if they arc doctoral
candidutcs. Shc finds that most of these studcnts “seem
to place a grcat valuc on their cducution and sacrifice u
lol to cotnc hcrc.“

I"orcign students find thcnisclvcs faced with the some
economic problems as American students in finding
housing. mccting food costsand paying tuition. "Often
marricd studcnts who cotnc with tltcir families are faced
with tltc prohlctn of no ntarricd student hottsittgon cam-
pus." said Ms. Spruck. Dr. Ward hclps these students
scck ottt apttrtmcttts.wltilc thc lntcrnational Stttdcttt Of-

leoooeooneupveeoaeoaeoaeoeoaeeooaassooneaeaeee

CAMP DIPPIKILL

It's not too early to think of Spring! Make your reservations now for Spring tse-
tivities or recreation or the camp. The Adirondack white-water season usually begins
about mid-April with White Water Weekend on May 3-4.

Back to the present, there is plenty to do at the camp in late winter. The snow pack Is
over 2 feet deep now and the cross-country ski and snowshoe trails are In excellent
condition (If It don't ruin). Gore Mtn. Ski Center is lust to miles away.

I

ficc provides financial aid for those who require it.

Students front abroad. both on Alumni Quad and off-
cuutpus have found it incrcasingly difficult to meet rising
costs due to strict regulations against foreign students
working on campus.according to Ms. Spruck. 'Rccent-
ly. a law was passed prohibiting foreign students
‘trom working during the summer; for fear of competi-
|tion with American students for jobs.

in rcsolvc lllt.‘ dilemma of wltcrc foreign students
would stayduringvacations. Saylcs lntcrnational House
was opcttcd in thc fallof I972. Saylcs. part ofthc Alumni
Quadrangle. is u co-cd dorm. prcsctttly composed ofap-
proximately ‘40 Amcrican studcnts. and is open for all
twclvc months. 'l‘hc lntcrnational Stttdcnt Office also
provides for host-families. for those students who wish
to vicw American Itomc lilc tttorc closely.

Spruck considers Saylcs lntcrnational House a
"bcncfit for both tltc Amcrican attd forcigtt student. in
that the intercultural programming allows students to
sharc tltcir language and customs" tltrottgh scheduled
and inlormal cvcnts.

A small uumbcrof foreign students prefer to lch on- I
campus. "for convcnicncc" and “to learn more about
American students. as oncjunior from Vcnczucla stated.
Howcvcr. tltc lntcrnational Student Office has played an
important part in hcr stay hcrc. as she receives ltcr I-94
pcrmit to remain in thc country from there. Shcalso add-
cd that shc has attcndcd runny of the activities of the ln-
tcrnational Studcnt Association and considers them

"worthwhile."

OUNG SHOEsw-W

MERCHANTS TO GENERATIONS
OF BOOT BUFFS
Bench-crafted and handlinished by

skilled artisans for over 100 years.

YOUNG SHOES, odds still another to the largest collection
at FRYE BOOTS in the countryl Our Driftwood Boot, it is
brass pegged and fitted by hand. The platform sole ii of
solid colt-bond leather in match the new stacked 2% inch
high heel.

Ill WOCK FOR M€l‘l ‘3 WOMGN

Available in Hand Stained Brown, Natural oiled, An-
tiqued wollnut, and Burn! chestnut. '

 

 

 

LC—1 and 2
 7:30, 8:30, and 9:30
$.50 with tax card $1.25 without

funded by :Iudem arson-mam

M
¢(¢«¢¢(¢¢(¢¢K4¢¢¢¢K¢¢K¢¢¢¢¢¢Kﬂ¢¢ﬂ

_____________.__._—.__—————-
PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRF’ .2 FEBRUARY 14, 1975

to 27 ccnts a pound would ntakc forcigtt manul'ucturctl chccsc mot'c
compctitivc with domestic dairy products.

"Amcricatt dztirymcn itt gcncral and those in New York in particular are
l'ccling grcatcl' losses than at any titnc in rcccnt ycars." Walklcy said.
complaining the tintc is not ripe for new competition with forcign products.

Ilc protested to the federal government attd said thc'l'rcasttry Department
is considering imposing penalty duties on the cheese imports.

liarlicr protests from tltc United States wcrc successful itt arrattging alt
agreement to cnd previous Common Market checsc subsidies ranging front
Is to 32 cents a pound. the commissioner noted.

 

So make use of your camp. Camp Dipplkill Ison 840 acre wilderness retreat 70 mllas
from campus owned and operated by Student Assoelotlon. For more information and
overnlght reservations vlsit Campus Center IS‘I or call 451-7600.

Itoult'd by student arsoclutlon

l5? CENTRAL AVENUE

ﬁtﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁfiﬁﬁiﬂttﬁtﬁﬁﬁiﬁltt.‘

Flya loelmahn since "63.." OPEN EVERV EVENING Tlll. 9 PM ‘36 015 :

a
it
a
a
a
h
it
it
t:
t
t
t
it
it
it
h
it
it
it
it
E
in
a
E "Ea-lust voua MNKAMERICAIID 0s MAstescttARGE  ' . '

a-a as e ear-ow so evens-wove»; oeuuuﬁummwoouoowoooaor

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
z
A

FEBRUARY 14, 1975 PAGE THREE

 

