t

by    I * t doctor.apatient used asniuchaleO
. ’ For _hourson’l‘uesday night in needles in his or her body. But now
LectureCenter‘lB EricWilson,a'atu- with modern medical technologybe-
dent at SUNYA,- felt-nearly nothing ing able to lornte the speciﬁc point
"In hisle’ftarrnand shoulder. Ericwas only three or four needles may be
a volunteer in‘a demonstration on used. “If you are goin g to do a good
acupuncture. The event. sponsored job. you put the needle. in the
by EOPSA. featured Dr. Frederick acupuncture point." He said that
91 gum, direct“ of acupuncture Oriental physicians were less specific
Clinic of America in Washington. “hm” "hm? ‘° inlet“ the needle-

 

 

 

D.C.

They also needled a bit deeper than

Eric Wilson sat in a chair on the him “I ten (1 to needl
. ' . e ve su r-
platform wrth his left arrrt extended ﬁcially. on the skin.” W W

on a table.'First Dr. Lewis used a

The doctor explained that the

small machine to locate what is needlesarenotpainfulsincetheyare
called the acupuncture point. When so small. They are left in place as
a high pitch sounded. the doctor with Eric. for 20-30minutes hefold
applied two small thin needles. each us. Sometimes needlesarc cohnectcd
about as thin and five times the to an electric stimulator.

length of a sewing needle. One was

Dr. Lewis said that he used

inserted above Erie‘s thumb, the acupuncture in craniotomies and
other between the knuckles of his hernia and other operations Last
middle and foreﬁnger. Eric put on week he used it with a patient to
his glasses and watched. while the remove a wisdom tooth. “The tooth
small crowd which was gathered was removed and the patient hardly
around kidded him,,Eric said he liinched”hesaid. He also told us he
bagan to feel a tingle travel up his used this medical technique for con-
arm likca dentist injectingnovocain. ditions such as allergies and
Twenty minutes later Dr. Lewis paralysis. A patient of his whose
began to prick Eric's arm with severe allergies caused him to be
another needle to see if he had any bedridden six hours a day durin

feeling. He said he had some scnsa- certain months was able to resume:
tion in his arm and less in the normal work day after receiving
shoulder area, To prove his point three treatments. Anothcrpaticnt in
(pardon the pun) Dr. Lewis inserted a film taken by Dr. Lewis who was
a third needle into Eric‘s shoulder paralyzed from the waist down was
horizontally. so that you could able to first move her feet and’lc 5
follow. the path of the needle under and then stand fora short time witgh
his skin. Eric said he felt nothing. SUpport after successive treatments.

while the bystanders complained it

was painful to watch.

The cost of acupuncture is a lot

cheaper for some. he claims. who

Dr. Lewis showed slides how would have missed work otherwise
u'cupuncture works, Mcridiuns, or Hccited theexamplcoftheman with
llines  rigor-gun or internal part severe allergies whosc $75.00 treat-
run to art e térior pornt. There are ment saved him from missing a
about 700 acupuncture points in the month of work.

body. He told the audience to press

Some people regard it as a hyp-

inbctwcen the thumb and forefinger. nosiS. calling it hypno-acupuncturc
Feel the pain? That is an acupunc- “I don‘t care what they call it." He
turc pornt.“ Long ago. explained the doesn't believe this is so. because this

0
at

V

3 J I
\\\‘ . {24“
technique has been used on infants.
Its 6000 year history has withstood
the test of time.‘

In Hong Kong it hasbcen used for
the treatment of drug addicts. Dr.
Lewis said that it has been his ex-
perience that drug addicts can get off
without severe withdrawal symp-
toms in about three weeks. after
which they would need counseling.

Why isn‘t it being done here?
Because methadone is a ﬁnancially
successful businessmhc claimed.

He also said that in Japan

i.

'I C. a W
t I', '6'“? , ﬁzz":
-.’I/,:r-‘ I '

e v 6 e o . 4 why.” (Ix/“30“
' ' 5'."
. V ’ I

 

9.19 “'9: V spa“
“*“wi'bw %
In. I h a. a t t

I," l_‘(,-t:. 1‘. .030" v,“ .
am: antes-mi.

\

the country. The publicity lead to the
banning of acupuncture. and now
only two survive there. Presently
acupuncture am only be used by
doctors, dentists, or an acupunc—
turist supcrvisod by a physicain.
Nevada is the only state which
licenses acupuncturists.

Dr. Lewis. who has been using this
technique for eight years. said he
prefers acupuncture to conventional
medical practices. ‘ , ‘
“Opel,” l'c’ur’c‘.’ “Acup‘unctui‘ii'docg‘
as muc fnot morctlran the conven-

acupuncturc is used to treat ncar-"

sightcdncss. but it could not be done
in the U.S. because the eyeglass and
contact lenses industries would
make it impossible.

His Washington. D.C. clinic was
once one of a dozen in that area
which attracted pcoplc from all over

Veggies Becoming Respectable

(CPS)-—lt wasn‘t very long ago
that vegetarians were considered to
be-a‘ weird and fanatical group of
nutritionists who sprinkled wheat
germ on everything and only drank
carrot juice.

Now that image is changing.

In the past ten years vegetarians—
whcthcr for health. religious. moral
or food crisis reasons—have enjoyed
an increase in respectability. and
their distrust of processed foods has
encouraged the d... ' , of

then started one. It takes student in-
itiative."

Off-campus vegetarian growth
has been evidenced by increasing
numbers of vegetarian societies in
the US——now 30 compared to only
four or five a few years ago. All of
these groups are afﬁliated with the
North American Vegetarian Society
(NAVS). itself founded only a year
ago “to fill a vacuum." according to
H. Jay Dinshah. NAVS president.

NAVS, headquartered in Malaga.
NJ, published a bi-monthly
newspaper. the Vegetarian Voice .
and issues membership cards to $3-
a-ycar dues-paying members.

"What we felt was needed was
some common sense." Dinsliah said.
‘ (rurus and different Eastern
philosophers were coming over and
saying all you had to do was cut gar-
lic or brown rice. it was like the blind
leading the blind."

 

natural food stores and restaurants.

On college campuses a demand for
nutritionally-sound cafeteria food
has resulted in the introduction of
special vegetarian lines. While this
trend started as early as ten years ago
in California state schools. most
universities—primarily major cam-
puses on the West and East coasts——-
begun the special services only about
four years ago. according to Al
Diibic. Director of Food Services at
Yale University.

:fhc number of students caring
vegetarian rarely rises above to %
and does not vary much yearto year.
said Dobic. The reason, he
suggested. is that when meals
become especially popular in the
vegetarian line thcyarc incorporated
into the regular menu to satisfy
students who don't want to commit
themselves to a full vegetarian fare.

The biggest roadblocks to starting
a special line are lack of phsyical
space and lack of demand. said
Dobic. “I don't know of any food
director who just decided that a
vegetarian meal would be hottcrrind

PAGE FOUR

You’ve got us
where you want us.

Near you.

Tell the lolks back home that the place to stay in
Albany - near the school, yet in the heart ol
downtown - is Sheraton-inn 'I'owne Moter inn.
Beautiful, spacious rooms, each with color TV
and twin double-beds. and comfortably air-

conditioned.

A delightlul restaurant with superb cuisine at
popular prices. A lounge that ollers a relaxed
evening ol tun and entertainment Hates are

most attractive.

We urge ea rly reservations for the popular,
scheduled events at the School.

Sheraton-Inn Towns;

SHERATON NOVELS I MOTOR INNS. WORLDWIDE

hr Innervation. Cali (5") “Hill

as
Motor Inn

300 Broadway 0 Albany l2207
Kenneth C. Vincent, Gan'l. Mgr.

 

N EW A DUL'I' POLICY
l’liA’l'U R thi

GIRLS & LOVE
GAMES

~Al.SO ~-

GODSON

cont eves, more 1
RATED x ADULTS ONLY
moor or so:
tier),

 

ALBANY STUDENT PREss

 

9, 3'»
evi’t t'i‘fz‘ig't

as.» was Vida no.
a»; w . Mt. 0.“ J .
0 “ti ﬁ‘gk ("

CANCELLEDUM

m lhe Party

at Brubaoher Hall
on April 26th
is postponed

and will be held May 3rd
in the CC Ballroom

jam/ml lii- slur/rm «sirloin/lull

SORRY HR lHE INCONVENIENCE !!

  as he. (.8 ACupmcmte'Sbuck

. v v '.

.i\'.i_’.t‘.'“"‘, 

"t' .i.ta'
' I 7

c‘. ‘ :I;‘
or ‘  -
stigma:
 7’ '9"
‘§.w’" tip

All... .r‘r

, ‘~\ V
_‘"  7:  X
“3 ‘— a 
tronal methods of treatment.“ hr

(ZNS) Hclicvc for not. lhc L15
Customs Service has unusual and
detained two horses lourul smuggl-
ing marijuana from Mcxn-u into lilt'
United States.

Customs officer .lcromc
Hollander says that field ligcnuzip-
prehcnded the two animals llL'lll the
border town of link in /\l i/onu.'llic

’horsgtshboth ridcrlcss. on i I Icrl it lillili

of . pounds of MCUt'llll gram.
....1
Hollander says.

NEW ADUl I l'lll ltt
l-liAIl‘lth.

HEAD SET
AI 80
DANISH MODERN

cont eves mom 7
RATED x ADULTS omv
tumor or ace
REG,

 

 

APRIL 25, 1975

 

NYPIRG Proposesetumale H

to be responsive to the feelings of
their constituents. “If the matter
could be put to a public test. it would
be safe to say that New .York would
have a Bottle Bill tomorrow“ and not
be snowed by the super-
sophisticated lobbying cffortsofthc
industry.

In addition to her testimony

letters in support of‘ strong bottle

legislation. Such laws are presently

on the books in Vermont. Oregon.

and South Dakota. Similar kgisla-'
tion is pending in thirty-ﬁve other

states with Vermont now con-.
sidering an even stronger bill.

SolarEnerggLab Here- ~

Solar energy is here. as an alternative source of energy. and now as a
visiting laboratory available for visiting by interested citizens and school

groups.

Beginning Friday. April 25. through ’l‘ucsdiiy. May 6. the public '8 invited
to tour the laboratory. locritcd in two 50-foot trailers set up on the western
ctid of the Statc University of New York ill Albany campus near the campus

sccu rity office.

kirehmoyar

ll NYPIRG's bottfe blll passes. soda and beer companlea would use returnable contalnere.

by Susan Michael
The three major concerns of

' government this year are energy. en-

vironment. and the economy. Most
bills that have a positive effect in one
of these areas seem to have an
adverse effect in the others. One type
of legislation that does not have this
drawback. according to NY NRC is
a “Bottle Bill". A bottle bill would re-
quire the use of returnable con-
tainers for beer and soft drinks.
Among other things such a bill
would help to clean up the environ-

ment. save the consumer money
(perhaps up to 35¢ on a six pack of
Coke), cut taxes used for solid waste
disposal by $14,000 a year. and con-
serve natural resources.

Last Tuesday. April l5, Fredda
Alpert, a legislative intern with
NY PlRG testified in favor ofsuch a
bill now before a joint committee of
the State Legislature. The bill spon-
sored by Statc Senator Smith and
Assemblyman Cooperman provides
for a mandatory deposit ofcitbcr 3-5
cents for all beer and soft drink con—

 

F OR INFORMAT|ON CALL
270-6505

 

PAGE FIVE

APRIL 25. 1975

hilllihliﬂlhﬂ. ﬂﬂhhhlhllidtWS [FtﬂSllCtDlitl

init-
tritium

FRIDAY, APRlL 25th 8 PM
IN THE McNElL ROOM
OF THE RENSSELAER UNION
$1.00 - RPl STUDENTS
$2.00 - GENERAL PUBLIC

filth

 

O
The alternative

presents

tainers. The lesser deposit would be
for a "certified" bottle which because
ofits lack ofany pennanent.distinc-
tive marking more than one corn-
pany would accept for refill. Thc
Smith-Cooperman Bill would also
ban flip tops and the plastic rings
used to hold six packs of beer
together. This bill which would
allow for the establishment of in-
dependent rcdemption centers hits a
three year effective date, which
means that if it were passed
tomorrow it would not go into effect
until April 23. 1978.
The major thrust of Alpcr‘s
testimony was the need to balance
the gains to all concerned against iii-
dustry losses. “If all the undisputed
energy savings. the provcn savings to
millions of consumers. and the ob-
vious environmental benefits to lln
entire state are measured against the
alleged costs to a handful ofpcoplc.
there is no doubt which _way the
scales must tip.“ Also important was
her testimony concerning the three
year effective-date of the bill. NYP-
IRU feels lilill three years is an ex-
cessive phase-in timc. Experience in
other states (ic. Vermont and
Oregon) indicate that the beverage
industry will not use the time to
phase in returnable bottles but to
tight the bill in the courts or
otherwise try to Iiavc the legislation
watered down or repealed.

Alpcr said thrit she felt a twelve to
eighteen mouth effective date would
be reasonable. The third point she
stressed was the nccd for legislators

DeSica’s

The visit ofthc Solar Laboratory is sp

onsorcd by the Atmospheric Science

Research Center of the State University ol'Ncw York at Albany. the Office of
the Speaker of thc New York State Legislature and its Scientific Staff.'and
the Chambers of Commerce ol Albany. Sclicncctndy. Troy. and Colonic.
'l‘hc ‘l‘rnnsportiiblc Solar Laboratory is of particular interest to leaders in
education. engineering. science. government and industry. It‘s not just a
model. but it working laboratory built within two large vans: collecting
cncrgy front the sun and converting it to tiscublc powor. 'l'y laboratory is
visiting the Capital District as part of it test of systems of solar energy
collection in various parts of the country. The information will be tttrned
ovcrto the National Science Foundation which will use itto set national solar
energy standards. The laboratory makes a fascinatingfictd trip for individual
students or groups. particularly those from the 6th grade and up. studyingor

interested in science.

A resident engineer will be at the laboratory to conduct tours throughout
the unit's stay at SUNYA. Parking is available immediately at he site which is
located within a few yards of the Atmospheric Science Research Center-
SUNYA Alumni Housc-Confcrcncc Ccntcr solar-energy building now under

construction.

For l'unhcr information about the Solar Laboratory. and to arrange
school tours. call 457-4609. The lab is open from 10 am. to it a.m. each
moming during its Albany stay for organi/cd school groups: from I i am. to
2 pm. on weekdays. l i am. to4p.in. on weekends for the generalpublic. No
advance reservations during these hours are necessary. and admission is tree

to all.

FDA Issues Pill Regulations

(CPS) The Food and Drug Ad-
ministration has finally issued
regulations governing limited use of
DES (dicthylstilbestrol) as a "mor-
ning after“ pill. Nonetheless some
controversy over the drug. a proven
cancer-causing agent in laboratory
animals. lingers on.

The l-‘DA‘s regulations warn that
“it is sensible and prudent“ to avoid
usc of DES "unless absolutely
necessary.“ The FDA further
acknowledges that if the morning
after pill didn‘t work. a resultant
fcnuilc child ‘will have an increased
risk of cancer of the vagina or cervix
later in life.“

The regulations consequently per-
mit the use of DES only in cmcrgcn-
cies. and not as a routine method of
birth control. The drug would be

filmic experience since 1954-

Friday, April 25

prescribed in dosages of 25
milligrams. twice at day Ior l‘iicduys
along with anti-nausea drugs.

Earlier regulations had allowed
DES to he uscd ilS a contraceptive
for those who could not be relied
upon to practice ordinary birth con-
tiul methods a practice that spark-
cd widespread criticism for
promoting medical experimentation
upon the very young lll‘ld the poor,

A synthetic estrogen. DES has
been found to be extremely effective
in aborting a pregnancy when taken
within 72 after unprotected inter-
course.

Critics ilil\C charged. however.
that in addition to being dangerous
to an unbom child. high dosages of
estrogen can cause cancer in the
woman using the drug.

.utittlttntiss‘lr runpnts (q poplin]

‘ The Garden of the Finzi Contint's

Academy Award Winner for I
Best Foreign Film

7:15, 9:45

LC-l

50c w/iox

$1.00 w/o

plus:

i The Adventures of Captain Marvell

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

< lmwumsav—oqw

1.133;

 

