1'  ‘ .  l I/ \l,

\\

Tippit's killer and was not allowed to
view the police line-up. In February ol
1964 Domingo's look alike brother
Edward was shot in the head and killed
in a bar. Domingo's lamily was
convinced that Domingo was the real
target and his lather-in-law J.W.
Jackson began his own investigation.
Jackson himsell was soon. the victim ol
an attempted murder. A policeman
who arrived on the scene just alter
Jackson was shot at declined to chase
the assailants. Instead the police told
Jackson to stop asking question. In
April at 1964 Domingo changed his
testimony and stated that Oswald did
indeed resemble the murderer.

Warren Reynolds was also a witness
to the Tippit murder. Like Benavides,
Reynolds saw the killer but relused to
say it was Oswald. Two days later alter
giving his statement to the FBI.
Reynolds was shot as he closed his
used car lot lor the evening. Upon
recovery Mr. Reynolds contacted the
Warren Commission and stated that
Oswald was the killer.

In his investigation, Jim Garrison
presented a good case for the
involvement at David Farrie in the
assassination at I.F.K. In February at
1967, one week belore Ferrie was to be
indicted in New Orleans lor conspiring
in the assassination, he was lound
dead in his apartment. The same day,
Elado del Valle, who worked with
Farrie on Anti»Castro gun running,
and a Witness Jim Garrison hoped to
use, was also lound dead in Miami, his
throat slit.

Althouin the Warren Commission
was merer a whitewash, there was
another ollicial investigation into the
Kennedy assassniation. The Warren
Comiriission claimed that Lee Harvey
Oswald acting alone killed loliii
Kennedy. In New Orleans, however,
District Attorney lini (.larrison (:ldim(;(l
a (:(iiiupimtiy was hatched which led to
Konnedy's assarniinatiori. Mr. Garrison
eventually lost in his attempt to
(.‘tiithCE: Clay Shaw 4:; a (:onspiralor
llowriwn‘ .n the (Ionian ol lilt‘.
lithtf'illtlrlll'Ill Garrison Liiit‘iiyorwl
lll'llty nwv. loads and :stritrrcl that lit-
tlioiiqht lowur level CIA. t,‘lll[)lt)‘/t:l.‘ti
Wuit: llIthlVinl IltjrlCUlltitcfl tlir: I(;(lf,‘l'rtl
(J()V(:ITllllt‘liI til :1 iiiitfitilV': Hover til»
liertauszo they relused to aid ItlilI lit liii'.
invoiitiriation. Several at his; priniw
'.-/itiw:;.'o:;ll(vrl INOIIIOI'EIJII‘HWltlt'lllllil
not litivi: “'tlititltlllill arirwuiiii-nts .‘llll.
louiiiiana liovtmnoi Ithodm all Ohio
."uli‘lt'jtl to iotiirri ( .ir'irrlon Novel, .t
i.>.-ii‘itilliiili’fli liiiuro, to Nov! l.,lili'nii:.:
or. n Liltrii tho l.tlllili|riiiii l-rx'Jllilitllili‘
£4.24 till Iiill requesting Iiiri
.‘itltfll lack ol

“1., :r‘il rt
iixlmriiotiori. Willi

__.-

PAGE 6P



f  ////In.

cooperation it is not surprising that Mr.
Garrison could not make his case
against Clay Shaw stick.

It is clearthat there wasa conspiracy
to kill JFK. Lee Harvey Oswald was
obviously a “tall guy", a patsy. But who
was behind the conspiracy? Some
claim the communists were behind the
conspiracy, but the communists had
nothing to gain by killing Kennedy.
Indeed, FidelCastro expressed deep
regrei,saying thatat least Kennedy was
an enemy he knew and trusted. In
Russia Pravda declared that American
right wing lanatics had killed
Kennedy. In the democracies ol
Western Europe, the conspiracy was
widely accepted.

FollowingKennedy's' death America
deepened its involvement in Viet Nam.
Under the administrations that
lollowed Kennedy, the social
programs he envisioned were trimmed
away. The tax relorm he talked ol has
yet to become a reality. Only recently
has congress repealed the oil
depletion allowances, a proposal that
certainly won Kennedy no support
among the Texas oil people

The Bay ol Pigs has been talked oi as
one ol the reasons lor Kennedy's death.
President Kennedy's relusal to send
American military support too
invading Anti-Castroites marked the
lailure ol the GLASS Bay at Pigs
Invasion. Under John Kennedy the
FBI. even was beginning to crack
down on AntisCastro guerilla actiVists
in the United States.

Thomas Buchanan in his book "Who
Killed Kennedy" builds the case tor a
conspiracy ol eilrrien and arms
rrianulacturers; both 01 whorri wanted
conservative liscal policy at home and
expansion into Southeast Asia.

Jim Garrison's; investigation pointed
HUIISiIihiCY ()I CIA
npwiatois anil (leitEiiifé tttilll Willi]

tr) ii Sititiiti
ltilttlliiff‘i

(,ltll'tlliltfr'l \'i'llll(.' also lirill IIIIIi: Iiin‘
lortln: Kenn.nyatlrniiiiiitration I’iiilihy
].titlill(t what

I tint and

I'U-iiiimly was itiiit 
with! will lia‘lt- lnw '.
r  it"  .,: . JriItIVXIrI
'..':, ll .t'i :.r.! 1‘ John

I t by

, tlr'tlIt fl‘tlt'
liunn i, ,.::.l another ki'i' lain,» ;'
I'-i' all oi tliii: is merely .‘it \‘i'ii.riltl)i‘i
Wt; {In litiriw that I“: Ilrti’V' K ltzwalrl
‘l.’ 1.. Il"l Ilti' I’lllt' -‘i'irl.'i.vllt llltt
-"li'lr"lil ltii.‘tl Iti litrllt'J: llllli Wu

2. up»: that tin-rt: was ii iii ‘11- «wiviii
rig» "on: pli’tt‘ 'y, 'Ni- (Ion t kin  tr i what
multriit the lr-tlzvraliioVr-iiiii ntrri l..li.l.
won: tlt'r’ill‘r'LId, whether ttiuy inorer
wont .ilonii Willi :iorru;thin<i tIir-y had
in": r 'r )lilii >l oyni‘, t)i'Wli(£IIil?i‘Ilti‘-,' plul was
initiated lrorn the higher levels at

\ , , " I f r. '
EWSPAPER wages or: use» GM. Acnvas APE DISTOR‘TED AND EXAGGERATED!”

government. A thorough investigation
could still reveal the identity ol the
conspirators. Photographs and
missing lrames lrom the Zapruder lilm
could be enlarged to identity the
gunmen.

We can and we must insist on
learning the truth about Robert
Kennedy's death. We can watch with
great interest while James Earl Ray
tries to prove he was only a palsy in the
conspiracy to assassinate Martin
Luther King.

We must have the courage to
wonder about the strange similarities
in the deaths of our greatest liberal
leaders. We must insist that we be
given the truth.

Appendix 1: Lee Harvey Oswald,
"Secret Agent"

Although it cannot be proven
without a thorough investigation, it is
quite probable that Lee Harvey
Oswald was in employ ol at least one
American intelligence agency. Gerald
Ford, in his book, "Portrait ol the
Assassin", stated " . ..Lee Oswald was
hired by the F.B.l.; that he was assigned
undercover number 179; that he was
on the FBI. payroll at two-hundred
dollars a month and that he was still on
the payroll the day he was
apprehended " There is
considerably more than Ford's
statement to back up the claim that
Oswald was an intelligence operative.
While in the Marines Oswald learned
Russian, he read "Provda" regularly,
and began to Marxism. It's rather
curious that although Oswald seemed
to be a <'t,)iniiiunist, he was granted
security clearance ill May ol 195'].
While in the Marines Oswald worked
With electronic (70initilltitt)<ill()ilfi
(:thiipl’iieiil. I'Ie war; station.in part ill
the time at the:lr‘ipaiiiismiir Ins“. Il'(illi
Wllitili the Ull's llow out ol, Allnr
titllllli‘] a IIrIIYlt'iIlll)l.IIiiCIIrtl'ilt‘ lroni tho
Mai'iiir;:,i,O:;wal(lileleclrrd toilii».‘3.iv .vt
Union llo stated to woslorn ltLIW‘dtilt‘li
that he intended to tell llio‘SoViots all

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

' rewarded

' he knew "about American mtlitriry

,‘.. including much
 The Russians
old" by giving him a
relatively high-paying job with little
real responsibility. Oswald married a
Russian girlpMartna. When Oswald
became disenchanted with the Soviet
Union and asked permission to re—
enter the United States he was granted

permission and was even granted a _

loan to cover his transportation. Once
back in the United States he obtained
several jobs in New Orleans and
Dallas. Ir'i New Orleans Oswald set up
a localchapterolFairPlay lor Cuba. It
appears that he was the only member
serving as president under an
assumed name and secretary under
his own name. It is another curious lact
that Oswald's Fair Play tor Cuba
committee, supposedly Pro Castro
group, shared the same building as an
ollice tor a militantly Anti-Castro
group. Ilwas also strange that Oswald
approached Anti-Castro exile leader
Carlos Burlinger and ollered his
services in training Anti-Castro
gue rillas. In Dallas Oswald worked on
an anti-communist manuscript
denouncing the Soviet Union. Oswald
applied tor a passport lor travel in
Mexico; strangely he received his
passport in twenty-tour hours, even
though, using his last passport he had
detected to the SovietUnion and given
away military secrets. Using his new
passport Oswald traveled to Mexico
City and visited the Russian Embassy,
supposedly to try to gain entrance to
Cuba. When arrested in Dallas lor
murder Oswald had in his possession
both the phone number and license
number ol the local FBI. agent.
Oswald's history as a political
operative is strange indeed. He
maintained a loothold in both pro and
anti communistgroups. Hecontinually
straddled the lence, with the assistance
ol the govern rnent ol the United States
he traveled Ireely even alter detecting
andgivnng away military secrets. The
Warren Commission linally concluded
that Oswald's strange political
behavior was the result ol a deranged
mind. Critics ol the Warren
Commission take a dillerent view, they
see Oswald's actions as typical ol
government intelligent operatives.
Appendix II: 'l'he "Extra" Secret
Service Men
It appears at the time ol the
assassuiation a miinborol extra secret
serViue iriei'i appeared. All at the
(illltftill secret service men went with
tho i irosidantial motorcade to Parkland
Hospital. However, Dallas police
sergeant l.M. Smith actually attempted
to arrest two suspects who showod hiiri
Swit‘ul service idontilicatioii. Another
olhtrnr, .‘Soirit:.-aiit I'Irii‘kiieﬁ‘; reported
lel'Vlt‘t-' llltlll
limit-c
Ililtlit'tlitllt‘l‘,’ allor Ill|'
It istiiiilv lilzol',‘ that Iltt

reiirrouiitririiiq swurwl
leiiiirl tho

lli-iioSitul'y

'I'oxas .‘w'vliriol
insairsinrition
w )Ilt;[ .ir.itoi:; til“ «I lalm: :ti-I 'l't rl  ~' 'u'lt‘i'
winLiuiitirili'. to witpoilitw tlioii ()i‘lrt'v‘hi‘]

by Michael Smith
was in the gott department at

1 Sears looking over a set ol

irons.

He came in blowing on his hands,
snapping his lingers and smiling as it
he knew me. He wore a baseballcap, a
light house-painter’s type jacket,
sneakers and a pair ol khaki trousers.

Iwas holding an eight-iron. He took
my elbow.

"George, you really look like a
goiter."

He'd been drinking something like
an alter-shave lotion. He took the club
lrorn me. He had a singsong in his
voice and a little two-beat rhythm.

"This is perhaps the linest set ol irons
made."

He gripped the club tenderly, as it it
were revealing some secret to him it
had withheld liom me. He kissed the
Jack Nicklaus inscription.

"What a sweet, sweet club."

He addressed an imaginary ball and
looked out across the aisle at some
phantom green.

"Feels good, leels great. I tell you, I
Woke up this morning and my hands
lelt so thin they began to hurt. I had to
come here and get my hands on aclub.
You know what lmean.You're agoller.
It's March, but it doesn't matter, You
know, you've got to get a club in your
hands?

He waggled the club and took a
short swing.

"Ah, that's better. I'll be all right lrom
now on."

He took my elbow again.

"Listen, George, I can tell you're not
the kind that goes tor the straight bet.
Don't ask me how I know, but I do. You
wouldn't be looking at Nicklaus it you
did. And I'm not used to asking. I can't
do it. I'm a goller, not a panhandler.
George, I've played them all—Winged
Foot, Pebble Beach. Pine Valley—you
name it, I've played it. The name's
Franks, Charlie Franks. You probably
remember me trom a lew years back.
Won $21,000 back in '64 and won a
couple of big ones in the winter tour.
You understand, I’m a pro. lcan't ask
tor handouts. That's why the straight

APRIL 15,1975

beg is out with me. I don't have the
temperament lor it, George."

He squeezed my elbow and looked
me straight in the eye.

"Here's what I have in mind. See
how it appeals to you. I'll make you a
genuine business deal. We split down
the middle alter expenses~50~50. For
a little investment you and town hall
interest in a touring goll pro. 1 need a
little roll to get a lew meals, get the
clubs out ot pawn, get some goll shoes
and head south. The winter circuit is in

y

V Champion 1" I" 5 Fa“

ltuohn

Doral right now. The way I ligure,
George, we can catch them about St.
Pete's or maybe Miami. Maybe the lirst
three or tour weeks I play them cozy.
You know, down the middle, go tor the
lilth-and-sixth-place money, take no
chances. Pick up, say, seven or eight
thousand in the lirst lew weeks. Get the
wrinkles out ol the belly, get the old
swing grooved. Then about
Greensboro—that's the course I know
like the back ol my hand. Thirty
thousand top money and lgo lor it. Iqo

,‘Aiib‘ﬂigr i‘,
. ' I i

all out, go tor the long ball, theshots Itill‘ '

to the pin, aim tor the back'ot the cup  '

George, we can make it andlmedn t_,
good living; alpaca sweaters. Foot Joy
shoes, and all that big money." I,

He grabbed the club again. He was
smiling. He'saw it all. He wasshaking
hands with Arnold Palmer at Augusta.
He had the green championship jacket
on and was telling the TV audience
what wonderlul lellows Player and
,Trevino Were. He had his $40,000
check in his pocket, and his agent had
already signed him with Spauiding.
Jantzen and Liggett 6r Meyers.

"I'll get hot, I know it. I teel hot just
talking about it."

The management was looking over
at us. He began talking taster.

"What do you say—$100.,And it's
50—50 alter expenses."

He coughed, smiled, dried his hands
and llexed the club again, with a
prolessional llourish.

"And no more booze. Not a drop. You
have my solemn word on that."

I told him $100 sounded cheap lor a
deal like that, and I meant it, but I
couldn't allord it.

“'lhat'sall right, George. We can get
by on less. We'll cut corners. Why, I
can make it out ol here with Clubs tor
$50."

'I'wo salesmen were walking toward
us. His singsong stopped, his words
raced together and he moved me
toward the door. I had swallowed the
lure, the hook, the leader and the line.
All he had to do was get me to the door
belore the salesmen got to us.

"We'll put it in writing over a cup ol
collee."

One hand was on my shoulder, the
other on my elbow. I tell warm, weak,
buoyant and strangely benevolent.

"George, this is one day you're
going to remember. Maybe you can
join me when I hit Pinehurst. l'll lix you
up with a nice room at theCarolina. It's
lovely there."

Suddenly my dreams were broken
by the street noiseson Central Avenue,
the revolving door, the tennis shoes,
the scented breath and the salesmen. I
shook my head, but belore I could say
my embarrassed no, he squeezed my
elbow.

"It's all right, George. I understand.
Don't feel bad about it. I know how it is.
Anyhow, it was nice talking to you, I
really enjoyed it."

He smiled, tapped me on my
shoulder and With the same hand
waved away the salesmen. He was still
in charge, still in touch With an old
dignity.

"Tell you what you can do tor me
though. Can you see your way clear tor
six bits. I‘d like to get a cup ol collee,
maybe some soup too. You know,
George pick up the spirits. I'll go ahead
and catch a lreiglit down to Doral. I'll
pick upthe tourmaybe in Miami. lcan
borrow some Clubs, maybe lrom
Nicklaus. He alwaysdid like my game.

I tell ashamed only giving him a
dollar.

"'l'hat's great, George. lwon't Iorget
it. Listen, I'll be playing them cozy lora
lew weeks until I get a little roll going.
Just a low weeks.And then,watch out."

His leet were so cold he limped, but
when he got through the door on the
Well Road side he called out, "Keep
that backswing slow and watch tor me
in the papers. Don't lorget the name,
Franks, Charlie Franks."

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7?

 

