 

 

we", -;;.~.~m‘-.j—w;viame:7t¢i£’

CLUBS a MEETINGS

’n'iali  lore member‘sythere will be. almandotory'lineeting of All. members on Tues.,

Sept 23, at 0:30 in Bio 248. All memberi MUST ATTEND. A $2.00 tee will be collected. Retreshments
provided.‘
L 0 I I
Duplicate Bridge Gun. meets Weds. at 7 p.m. Beginner’s class at 6 p.m. All welcome. Cash prizes,
relreshments. For into. coil Andy at 7-7705. .

D D t
The Science Fiction Society is a stranger in a strange land inPhysics 129, Thursdaysat 7:30 p.m. Come
and have a time enough tor love with us, or call Dave at 7-5352 because i will tear no evil.’

I t D
Oll-Campus Association (O.C.A.) is holding an inlormai discussion with a person lrom the Food
Stamp Dept. All students are welcome to discuss any topic in relation to obtaining food stamps.
Wednesday Sept. 24 at 7:0) p.m. in the Waterbury 1st Floor lounge.

I C I

Free keg and information lor Graduate Studentspresented by theGroduate StudentAssociation on
Friday Sept. 26, at 7:30 p.m. in the basement lounge of Brubacher Hall.
All Business Students are invited to lind out what Delta Sigma Pi is all about and how you can
enhance your tuture in the business world. For inlormation call Gary at 457-7749.

s ,v e
Women in Business—Phi Gamma Nu-Prolessional Business Sorority—pursuing a better un-
derstanding oi the business world, and career opportunities in it. It interested call Karyn (or Sharon)

457-7729.

. e .
New and old members are welcome to attend the lirst meeting ol the Protect YourEnvironmentCiub
on Monday, Sept. 22 at 7:30 p.m. in SS 148. For more into. call 457-8569.

SPORTS MINDED

Harness Racing Club Meeting Sunday Sept. 21 at 9 p.m. in LC 5. Bill Heller, ace handicapper ol the
Tlmee Union will be the guest speaker. A dinner trip to Saratoga will be discussed. New members are

welcome.

. s .

Scuba Club. Want to learn who to Scuba Dive? Take our coursel 1st pool session Fri. Sept. 19. 6 p.m at
the pool. Bring a swimsuit. All interested are welcome. Also there will beaGeneralMeeting Wed. Sept.
24 at 7:00 p.m. in LC 10. Anyone interested in jainingthe club is welcome. For lurther into. call Bill or
Mike at 457-7768.

Albany State Archers meets 6:30 p.m. in the Women's Auxiliary Gym on the 2nd floor oithe Phys. Ed
Building. Credit will be given, instruction and activities planned. New members welcome. For informa-
tion.co|l Dale at 7-5228.

JudoClub meets in Gym Wrestling Room Tuesdays at 7 pm, and Thursday at 6. Beginner's class starts
at 7:30 on Thurs. For into coll Andy at 7-7705 or Bonnie at 7-787 .

WSUA Sports proudly presents Week 2 of Albany Great Dane Football. Join Doug and Harv tor the
play-by-play action, starting at 12:55 p.m. tomorrow with Al's Attic—thepregarne show. Also, an add-
ed leature—ex-Great Dane John Fallon will be on the lield during the game talking with the players
and coaches. That’s Albany Great Dane Football, tomorrow, Sept. 20, the game ot the year as they
take on Ihaca College. And you can hear it all on the Sporty 640—WSUA.

0

s -

Going to Church? But don't know how to get there? Pineview CommunityChurch sends a busto Dutch
Quad at 10:40 every Sunday morning. Fellowship in the Lord with us.

looking tor Christian Fellowship? Albany Evangelical Christians meet every Fri. at 7 pm. in CC 315
lor prayer and sharing. Come and join in God's love.

Need a roommate?? interested in meeting people?? People passing through Albany need a place to
crash tor a night or two. It you‘ve gotthe room and the interest drop into Middle Earth , 102 Schuyler
Hall on Dutch, and become part at the Crash list we're compiling; or call Marc, Jim or Pati at 77588 or
Marc at 77950. - e r .

'L tend. Haita‘la victorio siempret
' to 10 p.m. in Ten Broeck Hall.

I la Dolce Vita Friday, tonight, at 7:30 in [C 3. Pric

lERESTED FOLE

u rri' ortantrn‘eetinaj" SUNTAIrlendietthe PannvvorkenenWed. Sept. 24at8 p.m.
in CC r) “do lounge. All interested in the struggle ol the United Farm Workers Union should at-

. e 0

Kappa Delta and The Pinto Hut invites all university women to a study break Monday Sept. 22 tram g

a t! "
nce invites you to come see Marcello Mastrolannl and Anita Ekberg in

"alien-American Student Allie
e is 5.50 with tax card and $1.00 without.

lnlormol discussion at Solshenltsyn’s new book “From Under the Rubble” 3:00 p.m. Friday Sept. 18,
Chapel House. Students, laculty and stall welcome.
ﬁr tr e

Feelln’ Hog-Tied? Come hearHog-Eyed String Band. Sat Sept. 20, Campus Center, 1 1 a.m. in 2 pm
. i I

Siddhartha—the movie version at the novel by H. Hesse will be shown in connection with German
240: The World at H. Hesse. There will be three perlormances on Monday Sept. 29 at 2:10 in LC 23
and at 7:00 and 8:45 p.m. in' LC 7. . ' .

TAP/JAZZ Dance Classes tor beginners, sponsored by Exp. Theatre, will be held in the PAC, Lab II,
Beginning Mon., Sept. 22—Jau 3 p.m.-4p.m.; Top 4p.m.-5p.m. Free non-credit. Sign up, 2nd lloor
PAC Theatre Call Board. V

Continuing/Intermed. Tap—Meeting, Sept. 22, 5 p.m. followiitg classes. For into call Janet 432.
2496. ‘ * ' *

The Acting Company, iormerly City Center Acting Company, will hold workshops at Skidmore
College on Sept. 24, 25. Classes will include: on Sept 24 (p.m.)Arts Administration and Voice and Du.
tion. on Sept. 25 mmasks, wigs, and mokeupwili be covered. Perlormance on Sept. 25, 8:30 p.m., at
Saratoga Summer Theatre at the The Robber Bridegroom. Tickets are $5 and $6. Sign up 2nd from
PAC, Theatre Call Board. Transportation to performance from Skidmore will be provided. For into (all
PAC Box Ollice 7-8606.

1 a a

Volunteers are needed to work on a SASU/l’lRG voter education/ registration drive. it you can give a
low hours call Gary at 457-6542 or Lorry at 482-2822.
The Music Departments of SUNYA and the Collge of St. Rose are joining in two perlormances oi the Re-
quiem by Hector Berlioz conducted by Nathan Gottschalk, Chairman oi the SUNYA music depurl
ment on Oct. 27 and 28. Singers, interested in participating in these perlormances are invited to con
tact Stephen Osmond, 4-6389 or Robert Sheehan, 489-4929.
in tr .

It you are interested in assisting students who have physical disabilities, please contact AI De Grail
Rehabilitation Service, CC 130, 7-1296.

OFFICIAL NOTICE

Freetickets lor Parents Weekend Continental Breaklast Sun, Sept. 28. Please limit to lauraniy. First
come lirst served basis. Pick tickets up in CC 361 from 9 to 4 starting Monday, Sept. 22.

s e

ATTENTlONFRESHMEN There will be an interest meeting to organize the Class at 1979 on Wed. Sept
24, at 9 p.m. Relreshments will be servedl

Students who tailed to cometo Community Service Orientation may be DROPPED trom course.Comc
to [C8 30 immediately (7-4801).

. w .

All new Freshman who took college work while in high school or this past Summer are advised to check
with the Ollice oi Undergraduate Admissions to be sure that they are aware ol yourwork and that they
have received your transcripts.

s e i.

lD cards are required iar entrance to Physical Education Building and Tennis Courts.
,. . .

Attention: Mathematics and Science Teaching Majors in the Classes at 1978 and i979. There wrll
be on intormation meeting on theAlbanyMathematics Science Teaching Program (AMST) on Mon
day, Sept. 29, at 7:30 p.m. in Education 3-18.

e a

Community Service make-up Orientation tor those who missed Orientation—Mandatory attendatlrc
in order to insure a passing grade—Mon. Sept 22. at 4:45 in LCB 30.
. . .

Just a reminder: All those who plan on attending tomorrow's Football Game (SUNYA vs. Ithaca) MUSl
show their tax card tor lree admission. Otherwise, you will be charged 3] .00.
e .

-

lniormation regarding Fellowship Competition tor 1976-77 is available in AD 218, 457 830i

 

mm

Part 1 of

7:15, 9:45

lundcd by student :mtrcittttun

 

     Presents

“If CINEMA Of THE MUSICAI

Robin and the Seven Hoods

with Peter Talk, Sammy Davis |r., Edward G. Robinson, Frank Sinatra, Dean Mertln

 

.50 with tax card

LC”) $1.00 without

lutulcd by student atssncttttton

 

 

PAGE TEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

1

SEPTEMBER 19, 1975

 

 

 

The Albany Slude pi... Arte Section

State University of New York at Albany

 

 

 

ery Video

Mass Media Amassed 

 

When Things Were Good...

by Edward J. O‘Neill
A storybook sits below you on your
TV screen. A page begins to turn.
and promptly tears. and somehow
you know that Wednesday nights
will ncvcr be the sumo ttgttin.
l‘vcjust dcscribcd the beginning of
li"/tt'rt 'l'ltingx Wt’l‘t’ Rutlcrr. a ncw
cnmctly series from the dcmcntcd
mind ol‘ Mcl Brooks. Brooks has
been mnki'ng pcoplc laugh for years
with movics ( Young I"r(rIrIrr'rt.tIcin).
:tlhutns (17102000 Your Old Man).
and TV series (Gui Smart). and this
new show is no exception to the rule.

lV/rt'n ’I‘Irirrgs' Wore Rotten is a
riotous t‘c-tcllingol thc Robin Hood
legend. starring Dick Gautier as :1
super-heroic Robin who swings

from at true to the dinner table and
calmly says. “Pass the suit."
Sherwood Forest has bccn pcnpicd
with hilarious characters such as
glutlonotrs Friar Tuck (Dick Vttn
l’ttttcn) who ﬁghts and cuts at one
time. scttttcr-bruincd Maid Marion
(Misty Rowe). who knits a secret
message on on Afghan. and the evil
Sheriff of Nottingham (Henry I‘olic
ll). whose dungeon-imprisoned
cncmics must sing “Get Happy“ to
appease him.

With this show. Brooks seems to
be getting away from the recent style
of tulky. topical situation comedies.
and hack to n more basic approach.
When Things" Wcrr' Rollt'n is filled

with slaps-lick tn tumultuous fight-

sccttc. during which Robin calls for at
sword. and is pelted with tcn). sight
gttgs (Sir Ronuld oi' MacDonald
Wctlt‘s u shirt prncluinting “Over 1.-
000.000 Dispatched"). und puns
(Robin givcs titc Shcrii't‘nn “arrow”
shirt). in thc stylc ol' Brook‘s; Itit l'iltn.
lilu:irrt: Sadr/lax.

Wutclt il'lrr'rr ‘I‘Irr‘ngx in'I‘t' Roi/0n
on ABC. chncsdttys til ii. and I
gttnrnntcc titnt you will Ittugh. Wutch
cspccittlly closely tltc crowd sccncs.
which i fch are br'illi:tnt.'|‘hc crowds
do and say everything in unison.
providing for u grcut comicul'i'cct. In
one such scene. the pcusttnts are
commanded. “Hold your tongues!“
lmmcditttcly. they all stick out titcir
tongues and grub hold.

Now. I/ml'x funny!

 

media madness -... .

The Television Invasion
0! The Madison Avenue
Body Snatchergw

try Lon Levin

It is too curly in the season to criticize the new shows
t'ztirly. Although the promicrcwcck has been disappoin-
ting. pcrhttps with chttrttctcr and situation development
they will get better. ltcatusc the medium to 'l‘.V. relies
on fumiliurit y. 11 few shows must be scan beforcujudgc-

mcnt cant be passed.

’l'.V. is the only medium in which the entertainment
we are viewing becomes our friend. Close-ups arc the
sire of our own bends and not some huge. towering
visngc its on the scrccn. Kojak talks to us and we listen.
surrounded by the sccurity and comfort of our rooms.
unlike n cold movie titcutrc or playhouse. with sun ngcrs
nil ttbout. Anything can come into our house. We let the
Bunkers or .lcl'fcrsons or MASiI Unit 4077 came into
our living room oncctt wcck. hutcun thcy comeinto our

neighborhood?

And then there tll'c commercials. Because of our

Ll

' 'e
l

‘5

1,".

/.
P .,.
iii}.-

sccurc surroundings we let their messages onch into our

skulls. Our brcuth begins to smell like our feel. our feet
begin to smell iikc our breath. we need a pill to sleep and
then u stimulant to stay awukc. The home. the safest
plucc in the world. is being invaded by the Madison
Avenue body snutchcrs.

But they huvcn‘t conquered yet! There urc two ways

to overcome the ttdvcrtising invusion. One way is to just
leave the room. The second is to concentrate on the
cornmcrciuls and analyze them into the absurdity that
they ttrc. As soon us the commercial comes on say to
yourself. “0K. what do they want me to buy now?“ If
you say that before they ﬁnish their message. their
ynu'vc beaten the “stttttchcrs." From there it is fun to
unttlyzc frnntc composition. editing. shot singles. etc. so
your mind stuys stimulated.

i hope you feel safer in living room from now on.

Stay tuned next week.

W)

w

"DOM
e ~_J
fie!

H15 15
pirNNYsruFF-ﬂ

...Or Were They?

by  Suntinu

You'vc sccn “Blazing. Sttddlcs"
rind “Young Frankenstein.“ You
may have even seen “The Producers"
or “The Twelve Chairs.“ Very funny
muvics (though not without titcir
faults).

Pick the lnmcst. unl'unnicst scene
you can think nl’ lrum any of tltosc
movies the quicksqu bit from
"illu/ing Sttddlcs‘ or titcopcning tcn
rninttlcs ol “'i'hc i’roduccrs." I‘or in-
stance. Now sct it in Sherwood
Forcst. strctch it out to it full Itttlf
hour. sprinkle lihcrully with corn-
mcrciuls. tuck on it lttugh truck. und
tltc rcsull ts "thn 'l‘hings \Vcrc
Ruttcn.“ thc new Mcl Brooks-
inspircd tclcvision l'Iop.

"Rotten." which premiered Ittst
chncsdny. is Mel Brooks‘ I'Irst
tclcvision cl‘l‘on sincc "Get Smart."
Al'tcr “(ict Smurt.“ Brooks
successfully rnttdc the jump from
television to the movies. reaching his
peak with “Young Frankenstein."
0n the rebound. Brooks has
stumbled over his Ruisincttcs and
fallen on his face. His new show is so
slruincd. so silly. so pedestrian. that
only people who laugh at cream pie
ﬂinging and bnnumt pccl prutfttlls
could enjoy it.

Robin Hood and his merry men
are the vchiclcs‘ this time around.
show. crcntcd rind co-writtcn by
Brooks. takes every opportunity to
puss up the good jokes nnd use only
the bad ones. (Robin Hood. by the
wuy. is pluycd by Dick Gttuticr. who
is stiller in this series than he wusus
tltc nrthritic robot. Hymic. in “Get
Smttrl.“) Ilcrc's at sampling of the
kind of htttnor tltnt Brooks will be
cloutng us with in the long weeks to
come fl'ltc sheriff of Nottingham
announces to the peasants thttt the
King is rcposscssing titcir lnttd. 'l'ltc

pcztsttnts (n hunder or so). in un»
ison. ciutnt “Uh-oh.“ The sherifl
shouts. “Hold your tongues!“ at
whiclt point the peasants. in unison
ngnin. stick titcir tongucsoul ofthcir
mouths. grasping thcm between
titcir thumbs and index lingers.

Brooks must bc commended on
his technical virtuousity hcrcA
grabbing onc‘s tongue is not [ill
catsicsl tItingin the world to do. Try it
yourscll.

l'hc "Robin Hood“ theme is
nothing more than an excuse to bi
juvcnilc. It lltc show would cmpln;
thc satiric poking of thc Brook
tiltns. thcn it might get some laughs
When tin.- show docs mock [ht
swashbuckling gcnrc. still. the effort
is t'nntttstlc; for example. Robin. in
one scene. intving bccn disurmcd.
shouts to his men. "A sword. lads!“
'l'hc crtmcru rcmuins l'ocuscd 01.
Robin us he is inundated by a shower
of rupicrs.

“Rotten” '5 humor. more on»
nuying than "Batman" at best. falls
into five basic categories: ti) the
group response in unisonjokc (asex—
plttincd ubovc). b) the ethnic jokc.
[lg—Renaldo. a merry man with u
Pucrto Ricun accent. c) the food jokc
(a Brooks fyvoritc). eg.—umong thc
dungeon tortures is eating
uspumgus. d)thc nnachronous song.
cg" prisoners break into “Get Hap-
py.“ c) the horsejokc, Ll la“Saddles.“
“Frankenstein” (too stupid to
detail).

Almost till the gags fall into these
five categories and the ones that
don‘t rtrc cvcn dumber. in addition
till the jokes. o.b.c.d.c. or whatever
:trc shouted at full volume by the at
tors. who must believe that we're stiI
laughing 'so hard from Brook»
movies that we can‘t ltcttr ~whu
they‘re saying. This is comedy?

 

