.Oregori Teitelbaum, a Russian
Jew recently permitted to immigrate
to ,Israel. will speak at SUNYA this
Wednesday afternoon at 3:00 pm.
in Campus Center room 375. He is
currently ‘on a six-week tour of the
United States on behalf of the Un-
ited Jewish Appeal to emphasize the
plight of Russian Jews.

Oregori and Tamara Teitelbaum
spent monthsin efforts to secure per-

.. 1.. minim. to emigrate from their home

in Moscow to Israel. With the help of
some members ofthe Albany Jewish
Community and United Jewish
Appeal, they now live in Tel Aviv.
Israel. where Mr. Teitelbaum can
pursue his profession as a photo-
joumalist.

Americans read and hear about
the difﬁculties of Russian minority
groups who want to leave the Soviet
Union but are denied permission by
their government. The recent trade
bill between the Soviet Union and
the United States included an
amendment to assure emigration
rights for at least a minimum
number of these people. -Since the
bill was signed. however. Russia has
blatantly announced her intention
not to adhere to its terms. and no one
in this country has cared to insist on
law enforcement.

Mr. Teitelbaum‘s description of
living conditions amid pressure. ex-
tortion. and indiscriminate spies tells
us just how important the ammend-
ment is to these Russian minorities.
The Albany Jewish World quoted
him last month: “Freedom...you
take for granted; you have it...But to
be able to get up and go...to come, or
not...our whole life is infected in
Russia with this lack . . . ”

The money raised in a United
Jewish Appeal campaign is not spent

Mr. Oregon Toltolbaum who will speak hora tomorrow afternoon In
the Campus Center.

for any arms or military equipment.
Israel Emergency Fundis a cam-
paign of UJA which is granted tax-
exempt status under the lntemal
Revenue Code as a charitable
organization devoted ' to
humanitarian needs. i.e.. “rescue.
relief. rehabilitation." The monies go
to the Jewish Agency and Joint Dis-
tribution Commission which handle
only social welfare needs such as im-
migration and absorption centers.
immigrant housing. and vocational
training. Monies also go to areas
other than Israel. like Iron Curtain
and Arab countries (under the
auspices of JDC) to provide food
and clothing to Jews there.

Mr. Teitelbaum‘s three-day stay in
the Albany area will hopefully help
to begin the Albany Jewish Com-
munity‘s UJA Campaign for I975. A

Albany State is being planned for
this semester, with further details to
be announced in the near future.

Mr. Teitelbaum's engagement on
Wednesday is sponsored by the
Jewish Students Coalition-Hillel.
with the cooperation of the Albany
Jewish Community Council. All
members of the university communi-
ty are invited to attend.

 

(ZNS) Cecil Slemp .of
Jarrettsville. Maryland. has come
up with a reversed shoe that has
the heel in front and the toe
behind. Slemp has been trying to
sell hisinvention to the Pentagon. '

He believes the shoe has
military possibilities in that it
Would leave tracks leading in the
opposite direction than the.
wearer actually marched.

 

 

" I“  South‘ H :Vf‘etnam AP ' r I.
SAIGON, ( nieseleaderwhonegotiatedtthietnamese

Le Due Tho. the North Vietna
cease-ﬁre agreement signed two years ag "
administration is “giving a new path to the war

aid for the Saigongovemment. V .
In military action. the South Vietnamese command said two of its A37

bombers were shot down today by North Vietnamese antiaircraft missiles
during it battle west of Saigon near the Cambodian frontier.
S AP

Pi‘efiitllerft Aftwar Sadat of Egypt arrived in Paris today seeking French
weapons and diplomatic support in the Mideast conﬂict. I I

Sadat. on his ﬁrst visit to a Western country since he became president in
I970.was greeted atOrIy Airport by President valery GtsoardD'Estaing,

Sadat and Giscard d'Estaing were to hold their ﬁrst working session
yesterday. The Egyptian president is accompanied by a high-powered
delegation including War Production Minister Ahmed Kamaled Badri.

BELFAST, Northern Ireland (AP)

Belfast newspapers reported that the army council of the Irish Republican
Army‘s Provisional wing might announce a new cease-fire in Northern
Ireland today.

The papers said the army council met Sunday in Dublin.

Reports of a new cease-fire have been circulating since British ofﬁcials met
last week with representatives of Sinn Fein. the lRA‘s political front. to
discuss renewal of the Christmas truce that expired Jan. 16.

SOUTHAMPTON. Bermuda (AP)

The United States team was expected to withdraw fromthc world contract
bridge tournament yesterday in protest against the failure of the World
Bridge Federation to expel two Italian players accused of cheating by using
foot signals.

After discussing the charges by tln American journalist and others against
Gianfranco Facchini and Sergio Zucchelli for nearly eight hours. the

Federation‘s Appeals Committee announced the two Italians were
“severely reprimanded for unnatural movements oftheir feet and touching
their partner‘s feet."

Allegations against the two Italians resulted in the postponement until
later yesterday afternoon of the ﬁfth round match between Italy and the
United States. But the U.S. team announced earlier it would not play against
a team that included Facchini and Zucchelli. and the Italian team said it
would quit the tournament if the two players were suspended.

WASHINGTON. (AP)

V- " a German manufacturer of small cars. told the

0 yesterday, has declared the Ford
by urging additional military

 

 

similar campus-wide r v at

Judge Rules Kids OK. in Dams

(CPS)-—A U.S. District Court
Judge has ruled that the State Un-
iversity of New York at Stony Brook
cannot prevent married graduate
students from keeping their children
in dormitories with them.

SUNY/Stony Brook had for-
bidden children in the graduate
dorms on the grounds that there
were no “supportive community
facilities” for family living. such as
full bath and kitchen facilities. In ad-
dition. the ban on children was
necessary to preserve an “academic
atmosphere" in the graduate dor-
mitories. said the school.

But Judge Orrin Judd mled

Position Title:

Qualifications:
Tlms Commitment:

Requirements:

Where to apply:

 

awn-cos Deadline:

Orientatio
Positions Available
Summer Orientation 1975

said that the rule interfered with
marital privacy and forced graduate
students to put toddlers in
“psychologically damaging" boar-
ding homes while their parents were
in school.

No Appeal-

During the hearing of the case.
students living in the dormitory
testified that they had experienced
more noise and less of an “academic
environment" in all-student dorms
in their undergraduate years than
they did in a graduate dormitory
with children.

SUNY has not yet acted to appeal
the decision.

otherwise. He called the school‘s nt-
titude “perfectionist” and agreed
with the students who filed suit who

Orientation Assistant.
I975 Summer Orientation Program

Undergraduates only
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

JuneZ-Auguit 4. I975 '
STOP BY CAMPUS CENTER 130

Attendance at ONE of two interest
meetings II mandatory- either Thurs.

Jan. 30. 6:30 pm in the CC Assembly Hall
0R Tues.. Feb. 4. 6:30 pm.

CC Assembly Hall.

Ofﬁce of Student Life, Campus Center I30
between Jan. 20-Feb. 6. I975.

Return Applications to CC III) by 4:30
on Thurs.. Feb. 6. I975.

Environmental Protection Agency today it will follow the major American
companies in seeking a one-year extension of I977 auto emission standards.

Arthur R. Railton. vice president of Volkswagen of America. the U.S.
branch. said in prepared testimony at an EPA hearing that Volkswagen was
achieving the I977 standards in laboratory engine tests.

But he also stated that the company'sexhaust-clenningcatalystsdo not lust
long enough to meet U.S. standards and the results of the tests did not
provide enough margin to ensure the assembly—line cars would meet the
standards and stay within them.

The EPA has been holding hearings on requests for a one-year suspension
of tbs I977 standards. which currently require steep reductions in emissions
of hydrocarbons. carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxides.

LOS ANGELES (AP)

Cttn the movie industry continue to defy the nation‘s economy and
maintain prosperity in I975? Film leaders ttreconf'tdcnt. and they point to the
list of attractions for the coming year.

While many other Industries Were hurting in I974, motion pictures made at
startling comeback.

Daily Variety reports that America‘s film theaters did their best business
since the postwar boom of I946. Income is estimated to have reached as high
us [.675 billion. on III per cent jump over I973.

Several reasons htth been offered: the search for escape in troubled ti IllL‘h.
the need of neighborhood entertainment during the gas shortage. and
disenchantment with television.

Perhaps the xtiundcst reason for the box-office upswing was the
uppcuruncc ofappealingattractions.starting offthc year with 'I'IwSIing. 'I'lu'
lirort't'sl and Pupil/on and ending with The Towering Iii/"mm. Iz‘tlrtltqtmltt'.
The Godfather. Part II. Young Frankenstein. Lorin y. and The Man with I/It'
Golden Gun.

CHICAGO (AP)
. I‘wo California physicians report that certain Chinese herbal medicines
illegally imported into the United Statcstire cuuslnga serious blood disc-use.
h In the Jan. i7 Issue of the Journal of the American Medical A riot-1min in.
t cy describe four cases. Including one which proved futul. in which patients
developed agranulocytosrs after taking these herbal medicines. 'I‘hcy sto
more cases can be expected. ‘” .
C. The authors. Drs. Curt A. Ric-s and Mcrvyn A. Suhud of the University of
’l.;:iilv0l'nlll at San Frtrnctsco. say the medicines originated in Hong Kongttnd
an.
SARATOOA SPRINGS. N.V.(AP)
“ht/It!  ut tit: new campus of Skid more College over the weekch
. ' rtct '
yesterday. y an heat for 30 hours until power was restored cnrly
fuiiilprrltlu‘rpla.zloogtm. Director of News Services for the College. raid the power
cublaemt“l . pi‘m. Saturday wuscauscd by the explosion ofanunder-ground
cums w clng t 700 of the I,J50 students still on campus studying for final
Ni“ m 3| pig termpupers. The power failure. which was corrected by
at 0 wk Power Corp. technicians Ill l:45 a.m. yesterday. left the

residences. dining hulls and lib .
electricity and hm. ' my 0" "w new campus totully Without

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

JANUARY 28, 1975

 

Impact and‘Change '   

by Audrey Seldman

Over fiftywomcn of all ages
and vocations exchanged ideas,
related experiences and vented
theiroccupational frustrations at
the “WOMAN and the
Professions" conference here at
SUNYA this past weekend.

The mood was set at the open-
ing session on Saturday morning
by ’tttricin A. Bull. Director of
her own consulting firm. Since
the objective of the conference
was to enable the women to gain
insight itito their
professional personal decisions.
Bull had the participants ex-
amine and then share some of
their personal feelings.

Fifteen successful professional
women served as role models
refuting their experiences and in-
sights about their fields in
presentation and interaction set-
tings. For example. onc cx-
ubcrttting workshop was “Im-
pact and Change: l’olitics".with
State Senator Koren liurstciu.
littrstcin. who looks like a college
student and tttlks tit 78 rpm is in
her second term representing
parts of Queens and Nassau
counties.

llurstcin. who lost her first
race in I970. says she has been
dealt with differently due to her
sex. In I970 her age. Zita/us held
against her. at least until it was
found that she had it law dcgrcc.
Sltc wus told how to dress. and
felt hostility from other \vomcn.
'I'Itis hostility fudcd in I972. and
she saw being at Women as a
positive factor in the I974 rncc.

She found that entering
politics helped her to find it sense
of herself. An outspoken critic.
Burstcin is a feminist. an curly
tutti-Vietnam War worker. and

an advocate of the legalization of
marijuana. Upon her election to
the Senate her mention of the
“sexist attitude in Albany"
received wide press coverage and
put her in “bad odor" with her
colleagues. Her committment
and devotion to .her constituen-
cy. however. gained her respect
ill the Senate and rc-clcction.

Wotncn in the Media were
represented by Sharon Smith.
news unulysist and reporter for
WRGB television. and
Katherine Harrington. Ex-
ecutive Women‘s Editor of thc
A'nit'lrw'lmc/rcr Nt‘uw. Smith said
she climbed up the same ranks its
ltcr mtrlc colleagues. beginning
by typing programming
schedules ill a radio station while
u student at Northwestern Un-
iversity. and getting summcrjobs
ill different radio stations. She
was working itt Austin. Texas.
where she received ltcr Masters
degree. before she came to
Albany.

Smith stressed building up a
resume and watching related
fields in order to enter the media.
Union regulations and the pre-
sent economic situation make it
purticulurly difficult for young
people to brcttk itt.

Speaking on "Education as u
Medium of Change" was
Virginia Corsi. Director ofCotn-
ntunicutious and Community
Ctml’tiillilliil‘. (‘nssudugu thilcy
Central School District. She was
recently ttppointcd to Lt.
Governor Mary Anne Krttpsnk‘s
stuff for program planning

(‘orsi stressed practical cs-
pcricncc: the individtutl‘s ubililty
to learn anything. “Do your
homework" shc stressed. along
with learning grottp skills and

Students Return

t'mtlinut'il /I‘Ulll [mgr um-
mcut tttttl slutsugcs.“

lIrc/hncv's problems were ill-
lcrcsting to watch in the papers. “As
titnc wcut on. ilt: was mentioned less
and less in the Soviet press." Don
sttid they interpreted this to menu
thnt Soiicts were increasingly dis—
satisfied with his performance.

"You illl\’t.‘ to read between the
lines in the news stories.“ It seems
that wltnl they don‘t say is impor-
tnnt. “ l he ‘-  :t sittnda'rd formttt for
news stories." l)ott had discovered
something. illlti his eyes lit up. “In at
trade cottlctcttcc that goes \chI. the
pztpct‘s might stty the atmosphere
was friendly. bttt like willt the cott-
lcrcncc with Japan. you kttow it
went poorly because they didn‘t
mention any kind of friendly nt-
ntosphcrc. The news there is pretty
stnndnrili/cd . . . We got the Inter-
national Herald Tribune to find out
what was going on.“

I)cp:ilmn with another funny
story. told the saga of his malfunc-
tionmg tape recorder.

One of his teachers asked. “What‘s
wrong. Ilott‘l"

"lhis tape recorder it‘s cttling
the tape. Ilut then. what do you ex-
pccl'.’ It‘s a (‘Ieclt tape recorder. I'm
no American student. You're at Rus-
sian teacher. We‘re in u Soviet Ull-
ivcrsity. How do you expect
anything to work together?"

ilis tcuchcr hunted down Illlti
whispered to him: “i have u Sony."

Women‘s lih isn't quite tltc stunc
there. said luri'i t‘cntvolo. iIIl un-

JANUARY 28, 1975

dcrgrttd here. “They lltiuk tlicy‘t’c
libcrutcd bccttusc they work side by
side iii the factory. httt yoti gct ottt
and they talk about ‘()h, when um I
getting married?“

(‘ct'niolo said than the older men
urc more endearing and more St'll-
sitiic than the women. She thinks
this is liccttnsc they [end such harsh
lives.

Once the students got to know
StIIIlL‘ Russians. tlic Russiunsopcncd
up about Communism. 'l‘hcy
pritulcly say that Communism isn't
the till iinntc tutswct‘. that iIS with any
doctrine. it is good in theory. bill it
still exploits the worker in practice.

Anti. what are R ussinns interested
in front America? l’rops from lltc
great American Dream curs.
televisions. records. turd. strangely
lumped in books. “Books are hn rd
to find in Moscow. so they love it
when some are available.“

“It wus interesting. it was alright.
it was not like here." are Dcl'ulmu's
stock answers to “How was your
trip?"

"I WIIMI bit upset. because the only
movies they show." evidently for
propnguudtt reasons. “are films like
'I‘ht' New (‘cnlurions-, and The God-
_/tl/Ilt'r. Russians think Aittcrictt is
nm by the Mafia. It was sort of
depressing. coming bttck frqu seeing
'I'Itu NL'It‘ (‘t‘lllllrit)lls. . . It works
both ways. ottr impressions of
Russia tire distorted. us are theirs of
us.“

It‘s trips like this than, that open
eyes.

management techniques. She en-
couraged Women to introduce
new ideas. to fight the typical ‘I
never thought about it“
traditionalist attitudes. Believing
that poWer corrupts. she wants
no part of it. but can‘t help realiz-
ing the difference when making a
phone cztlland identifying herself
as either “Lt. Governor‘s office."
or us “Ginny.”

The participants in this
workshop, mostly teachers. ex-

.,,

pressed loneliness in their jobs
and frustrations with the system.
How to help high school women
to plan their future seemed to be
one problem.

Other presentations included
law. criminal justice. manage-
ment. and Business Administra—
tion. Black feminist lawyer
Florynce Kennedy. who‘s
appearance inspired the whole
conference. spoke last night.

There was also a multi-medin

pres'entation, “A Woman‘s Place
is Everyplace” by Audrey Seid

man. showing women at their,

various jobs. A dance was held

Saturday night co-spdnsored by] .

the Women's Liberation group
and Albany's .Lesbian‘sq for.-
Liberation. h

The Conference was coor-
dinated by Patricia. Buchalter,
Director of Student Activities.
Feedback on the sessions is
welcome from the participants.

New Information Sources Directory
Published for the Capital District

The School of Library and Infor-
mutton Science at State University
of New York at Albany has publish-
cd “Capital District Information
Sources." a referral pointer to social
service and information-
disscminttting organizations in
Albany. chssclucr. Stlrtliogil. and
Schenectady counties.

The flit-page booklet lists and
describes Capital District
organizations which offer informa-
tion. social services. or community
facilities to the public. citltcrdircctly
or throuin referral to other
organizations. The directory is in-
tended to lend those with questions
to it place where nnswcrs can he
fottud.

The greater pit rt of the hook is on
ttlphttbcticul listing of 339
orgnni/ntions in the Capital District.
littch ctitry contains the name of the
orgnni/utioti: primary mailing ud-
drcss; telephone number; it descrip-
tion of activities. itt abstract form.
based on information subritittcd by
the orguui/ulion; the size illld scope
of library. if tiny. maintained by the
organization: office hours of ad-
ministrntivc stuff; and tltc source of
funds as reported by the organiza-
tion.

The directory also contains it list
of I45 lobbyists and tltc interests
they support; it list of libraries in tire
Capital District; and a bibliography.
It is indexed according to subject

 

. mutter.

Names and addresses for the
directory were taken from existing
directories. public and
organizational phone books.
bulletin boards. and suggestions
made by acquaintances of the com-
pilcrs. An open-ended questionnaire
and cover lettcrwcrc mailed to about
l200 organizations in the Capital
District. and information was culled
front the 400 organizations which
responded.

Edward M. O‘Connor served as

the American Society for Informa-
tion Science.

The project was funded by the
Hudson-Mohawk Association of
Colleges and Universities, Latham,
N.Y.: the Mid-New York Library
System, Utica. N.Y.; and the School
of Library and Information Science
at SUNYA.

The price of the directory is SI.
and those interested in obtaining a
copy are advised to contact Janice
Sacco. School of Library and Infor-
mation Science. State University of

student dlaplays a copy of the new directory.

chief compiler for the catalogue and
was assisted by nine students from
SUNYA student chapters of the
Special Libraries Association and of

LAST CHANCE TO APPLY!!

OFF-CAMPUS STU DENT CO-OP
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

invciligmc ,-lI/tulri' [touring mule. :oning t'odt'. It’nanls’ righti-

academic credit

Interviews: CC 346

Wednesday. January 29. Ilu.m.-lp.m.; 7-9pm.

SELECT COMMITTEE ON
ACADEMIC PRIORITIES

I undergrad to be appointed

Interviews: CC346

Wednesday. January 29. Ilu.m.-lp.m.; 7-9pm.

jiuttled by student association

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

.. ... .....~......,..... .....m.....z........_..

New York at Albany. I400
Washington Avenue. Albany. NY.
IZZZZ. llcr university telephone
nu tnbcr is 457-8575.

 

i.
a

 

 

» W.-. V.

 

 

 -.-.\

 

