 
 

      

   
   
  
    
 
  

  
 
  
    

r:
i

I
I

., H». Han-mumx.‘ “was” ,a ..~c.-c....,.:».~..~ a. a. Mo...“

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 

   
   
    
    
    
             
        
      
        
     
     
    
       
    
      
   
     
     
       
  
  
 
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
  

'._Prodttcer “Star Tre _ _ ‘
‘1 ., ‘ on locale.*Setence FictronOutside'
, This World" it‘s-the Campus Center
" Ballroom at State'University of New

York at Albany on Tuesday.
February ZS. at 8 pm. ' '

Mr. Roddenbel'ry is'perhaps'the
only producer in television whose
name brings instant recognition. His
“Star Trek" serieshas had afantastic
cult following. It has surpassed the
normal limitations of television.
winning science ﬁction‘s coveted
Hugo Award, and has become the
only series ever to have an episode
preserved by the Smithsonian In-

  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
   
   

  

doorman National and.
, I ,

 

ca

cancelling the-series, the network
was deluged with outraitl fan mail.
Now in syndication. “Star Trek“
continues to grow in popularity.

Writing is Mr. Roddenherry‘s
third "career." His ﬁrst, as a
professional pilot. began during
World War llwhen he flew B—lTsin
the South Paciﬁc. His second began
when he joined the Los Angeles
Police Department, lint walking a
beat and later doing research.

The lecture is being sponsored by
the University Speakers‘ Forum.

Pre-LSAT Course to be Offered

by David Whulterg

The Pre-Law Society here at
SUNYA has organized an LSAT
course to be offered to students at a
well reduced cost from that of most
commercial LSAT courses now
available.

The course will be offered this
term if enough students attend the
Pre-Law Society meeting tomorrow
nightat 8 pm. in LC 19. Attendance
utthe meeting will also determine the
cost to students wishing to enroll in
the course. The Society has stated
that should too people show for the
meeting “it will only cost about $20
per student.“

Pre-Law Society President Bill
Duker explained that the course.
which is also open to students from
Siena and Union Colleges at a slight-
ly higher cost. is designed to provide
an alternative to the high costs of the
many commercial LSAT courses
now being offered to students.
Robert Gibson. Pre-law Advisor
from the University College said that
other commercial courses “range in
price from $75 to $125” but do go as
high as $300 per student.

Duker said that “cutting out com-
mercialcosts.such as maintainingan
ofﬁce and organizational proﬁts." is
the reason for the reduced cost to
students.

 

SMJI.
SAVES.

l) current tuition rate

2) student voting rights

3) student individual rights

4) money through purchase
power

5) academic freedoms

6) student power

 

 

The course will be broken down
into the four general sections of the
exam; data interpretation, reading.
casesand principles. and English.
The instructors will be professors
from SUNYA with the exception of
one. who is presently a student at
Albany law but was formerly an
English instructoratajunior college.
Duker said that the professors will
be paid “an average of $500 for
teaching each section."

About 40 students attended the
Pre—Law Society meeting last Mon-
day night expressing interest in the
LSAT course. while stressing that
heavier advertising be undertaken to
promote the inexpensive exam tune-
up. So far. advertising has been paid
for by the Studertt Association.

Pro-Law AdvisorGibson said that
course “may be the start of a good

idea, if enough students get in-
volved." Society President Duker is
hoping for a large turnout tomorrow
night and urgesall interested parties
to attend the meeting so that “the
program can get underway as soon
as possible.”

#

(ZNS) Police in Marseilles raided
a brothel for Senior citizens.
arresting two prostitutesand cightof
their clients.

The arrested clients ranged in age
from 60 to 77 years. The two
prostitutes were in their late ﬁfties.

French police state the senior
citizens paid only SlO for the
Bordello‘s hospitalities. but noted
that the old age pension in France in
a triﬂing $4 a day.

 

‘ Bloodm

 

obvile"

  

Donor Registration:

‘Ihelltlfe....passllea’
.1. MhMIIUMMM

'vvv

on
Campus

lbsnlsrchbllr
lusts-4p.
r

“reﬁtted”
beauty
hid-£30

funded by student association

 

:2

«(((«{«(¢X

(‘2

PAGE TWO

AA‘AAA

 

nsxanswnnnaianannnfiﬁa it» assay

s72. ﬁBﬂB‘FﬂiiﬂﬂJ ‘BB iﬂlﬂﬁlﬂ‘ﬁﬂlﬂlﬂé

FEBRUARY 25, 26, 27 at 7:30-10:30

February 27 at 1:30-4:30

3
g
and in the cc Ballroom 3
g
y
3
v

“WEBB BEWBERJB WWW}? v
it»a»atitititat»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

(

 

 

g ‘j Company considered . 

    
   
 
 

NEW DELHI ladlatAP)'Slteik Mohammad Abdullah. the tenacious
“Lion of Kashmir.” settled his 22-year-old dispute with the Indian
government Monday and regained power in his divided Himalayan
homeland. Pakistan. not consulted in the bargaining, ﬁtted on pamﬂms
and Kashmiris around the world to stage protest strikes.

OTTAWA (AP) Seleuive strike action continued Monday by Canadian
federal blue-collar workers. Members of the Public Service Allruncc or
Canada stopped mail in Calgary. but eased the pressure which hztd disrupted
service in Toronto.

CHICAGO (A P) Richard J. Daley is going after theprize he hits won with
ease live times in the past 20 years — election as mayor.

And although Daley. now 72. faces opposition in Tuesday's Democratic
primary election forthe ﬁrst time since he won City Hall in I 955. lheoutcnmc
is expected to be another Daley victory.

WASHINGTON (AP) A group of House Democrats 'ts iomng 2|
showdown on a bid to attach a repeal of the petroleum depletion ttllmt rrncc to
emergency tax-cut legislation designed to stimulate the CCtmorm

The liberal—dominated caucus of all 289 House Democrats rs being crtllcd
into special session Tuesday the the urging of opponents oi the depiction
allowance.

WASHINGTON (A P)The United States lifted a IO-year-old embargo on
arms sales to india and Pakistan Monday and installed a new polm ill t't’ish
sales on a case by case basis. '

WASHINGTON (A) The Federal Trade Commission launched on
Monday an investigation aimed at determining whether illegal lTlL'llltId\ httw
been used to pad prices of the S|0 billion worth of fried chicken. hurnbtrrtun
and other food sold through franchised restaurants. l

Although the commission stressed that the industrywrdc lll\t’sltl_'itlt(ttt
does not imply that any violations of law exist. the practices stnglcd not ill the
brief announcement have been challenged in previous l’l (' dccronn

BUFFALO (AP) Prosecutor Louis Aidala told a jury today the \l.llL' mil
prove that two former inmates of Attica prison fatally beat it guard on lilt‘
ﬁrst day of the bloody l97l prison revolt.

ALBANY (AP) The state Public Service Commission is propmrrrg llllt"
that will liberalize the procedures under which utilities :tpph to: mtc
increases. and may result in higher rate increases bcing il\\illtlt'\l u. ~t||llL'
cases.

The proposed rules. which the commission announced on \lttllth would
enable electric. gas and steam companies to use what is cztllcd .r "tttvlrt't‘lcd
test year“ in applying for rates.

ALBANY (AP) The state Assembly approved lcgislotron \im.d..x that

would outlaw discrimination by business. trade or plotwwthl!
organr/attons tn accepting appliwtions for mernbcrshrp.
V lire same brll passes the Assembly last year but ncvergot our ol Lil'lrlltllit't'
tn the Senate.

Opponents of the bill said it would force ethnic clubs. \tttlt .|\ < .tllltlirt

groups. to accept non-Catholics. while supporters argued lltztt rht h‘gvldimit
was necessary to allow blacks and other minorities to your grout“

ALBANY. N.Y.iAP)(iov. Hugh Careydcclttrcd Mttttdtt) night rr..rr urth
the deadline for paying some debts of the ﬁnancrnllv lCt'lL'iiitt' i I'M“
Development Corp. onlyhoursttway. he had been unable to itnd .t no will "1
the Ul)C‘s crisis.

“Carey called on banking institutions not to try to rcqurrc lllt'l in t" i‘d‘
oil the SIM million in loans duc Tuesday. He warned lhttl ll lllt\ did lllt'
UDC would have tordefault on the loans. A collupsc oi the K In . hr wild-
“would have a detrimental effect on the ﬁnancial market Plilt't' ~II “W
credit and ﬁnancial mrtrkcts throughout the countryupou olutlr it't.illl|t'\

' and the sttttes depend."

Carey made his comments in rt printed statement disltlhttlt'd .llitl d.i\~
lortg. Intensivenegotiations between him. members oi his straitl I“ “NW-‘1‘
and banking interests. But it did not signal it hrcrtkoli in lllt' rivunlnﬁv‘w
which were to continue pnto the night. ‘

M'BANY‘ N-V- (AP) Total revenues from trpul'illluns .it the l‘wtt w!

Albany dropped more than $80,000 during the lust trstul W-H “m”
opcrzttrrtg expenses rose rnor thrrn $3tt.0ilt). according to no .rrttr..-\  " '1
llrc Albtrrty I’orl District Commission.
l’or‘t Mttttugcr l‘rank l)uttlt:ttt1.lr.sttidrtlttt’gcdcctcaserttiJN'“ 
the itscul year 1973 resulted irt the drop ol revenue front Wil ‘i ‘ ‘ ‘
I972 to SKSl.592 in the ﬁscal year which ended lrtst .Ittnc .lU
IlAllPl'AGE. N.Y. (AP) A nursing home owncr' ilt‘t‘llsctl or itrl'tri’rt' m
.v lm rut

Mcmwid Claims l‘" il"Pl'ovcments on two homes rrnd grooming t .
WWW. 5Hrtcttdcrcd to the Suliolk County district tttlt)t'ltt'\ Mood...

A “nukesnum r‘" DTST- Ally. llenry ()‘llrien srriti tltt'dcictrddru, llvrlml
KNIT" munml lTm" Florida on his own to 5mm Jcr to charrtm Ht “Willi!
Medicaid of 5500000.

P Also [named itt tlte Ail-count indictment was Murrrty \N’cm. Hi “"11"
him“ " “in'l'cd Pllhllc accountant. who surrendered on l'rrdrn

Like 'Wctss. Kllllctl was released on $5.000 ball by County t‘uurt lodgi-
 innncnhuum'lrhc Pilll'llthc 45daystoiilemotions bcitrtcrt “mid-Hr

FEBRUARY 25. 1975

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  

"telev ision in terms of buying and sell-

 

 

 

by Nancy AInugh“ ‘
‘ “You see, you have to think .of

ing; The consumer is the advertiser.

'Tli'eh'salésmen' are the broadcasters,

and the product is you - the
audience. When you think of televi-
sion in those terms. it makes a_ lot
more sense."

Nicholas Johnson. a former com-
missioner of the Federal Com-
munications Council. is highly
critical of the American mass media.
He sees great potential in television
in that it can disperse information on
all kinds of subjects to the American
people. but he doesn‘t see that poten-
tial being actualized in many
places. His pet project now is en-
couraging the "product - the
audience“ to become wary con-
sumers in thc~Nader tradition.

.Ioking about the influence televi-
sion has in American society. John-
son spoke of the "religious place the
television has that we call the televi-
sion room." TV dinners.TV guide as
the highestscllingmagazine.families
not talking to each other. and people
watching the TV rather than excer-
cising either physically or mentally
are some of the effects of the mere
existence of television. not its
programming.

But all joking aside. Johnson saw
serious problems that television
fosters. When he was an FCC com-
missioner. he started thinking about
the psychological effect the presenta-
tion of hlacksttnd women had. That

Court CaSe

by Betty Stein

As many students already know. a
referendum will be held on March 4-
b to detcnrtinc whether the present
mandatory student lth policy is to be
maintained or instead replaced with
it voluntary payment
policy. What runny
students probably do
not know is that the
law requiring this
referendum has its roots irt tl court
cttse that was introduced only live
years ago by tr student at SUNYA. il
case that lliltl national repercussions.

lll I‘ﬂil. illl Albany State un~
det‘grttd by the name of Kenneth
Stringer took Central Council.
President llcrtc1ct.SUNY‘s Board of
l t'ttstees. and then-Chancellor
(iould to court. Strirtger.a Viet Nam
War veteran with aspirations of
becoming tr corporate lawyer. op-
posed certain appropriations made
by Council i'orpar'tisttn political pur-
poses. including funds for transpor-
ttrtion to the November 1969
Moratorium irt Washington and
monetary support for such groups as
the National Strike Committee
Against the wound thc'l‘hird World
Liberation Front. What ensued was

Ilistory

      
  
  
  

FEBRUARY 25. 1975

 
   

'part of the broadcasters. at more

controls and some thinking entire;

  

importantly as part ofthewo‘nt'en‘s
movement and the black movement.
the irna'ges'chan'ged. . ‘ _

However. Johnson. still thinks
much'needs to be done in making
television more receptive to the
needs of the people.'But. its con-
trolling organization. the FCC.
doesn‘t help much.

Johnson spoke of the inefﬁciency
of that government agency. When
the stockroom doesn't know they‘re

. out of number two pencils. you

know there‘s something wrong
somewhere. the tall. blue-suited.
buttoned-down collared man said
with a hint of desperation in his
voice.

“Thewholeattitude there is one of
anti-intellectualism. Nobody there ,
reads. It seems the government is not
concerned with appointing people of
quality." he said at a modem-
fcrence last Thursday afternoon
before his evening speech.

Johnson left the FCC in I973.
after sewing his LBJ appointed
seven years. “Faced with a lot oftimc
on my hands. I had to decide what to
do with my lifc...The way i visualize
it good society. it contains three
parts. Education is ﬁrst. where peo-
ple learn how to handle information.
The political system is second.whcrc
government is responsive to the
needs of the people. and the mass
communicationssystem is tltird. that

7. distributes

 

  

information. The way I
see it. mass medh is the most impor-
tant. Without the information. You
can't do anything. ldecided‘l would
like to devote myself to improving
the quality of the mass communica-
tion' network. therefore. I started
working on the National Citizens
Committee for Broadcasting.“

That organization. Johnson ex-
plained. helps consumers with
media-related problems by dis-
tributing information on media
laws. changes. and ways of "talking
to TV.“

Like all New York State stations.
Albany stations are up for their
license renewals this spring. What
can viewers with complaints do?-
Take them to the FCC.

But. Johnson explained. groups
should find as many complaints
against the station as they can. “The
trick is to catch them in a lie. The
FCC loves that. A station can con-
fess to the FCC that they have fraud-
cd the public out of 3600.000. the
FCC will say. ‘Aw. gcc. well that‘t
OK.guys.‘ Butifa station husto mail
in their license application by
February 2. and it is postmarked
February l5 and tltey still say they
ntrtilcd it on the 2. the FCC‘s caught
them in il lie. and that‘s-it."

To rcrtlly mrtke stations uncont-
fortable. Johnson says the best thing
to do is walk in the stations
mtrnrtgcr‘s door and ask to see tltc
public files that each station is re-
quircd to have. Usually. you can dig

up something there. says Johnson.

In anything eke. networks would
be tr clear case ofanti-trust violation.
Johnson said. The Prime Time
Access Rule is rt start. where local
stations must program something
themselves. bttl it‘sjust a scratch.

Toaster Stuff

Johnson said about network
programs. “The stuff that is written
between the commercials is written
to set up the commercials. Tommy
Smothch characterized it in that the
programming between the commer-
cials is like the stufftt toaster is pack-
cd lit. and the commercial is the
toaster."

The problem of censorship isrr big

    

divi'V‘

"The product In you." said Nicholas Johnson, speaklng about W. 4 c
one on network TV. Here people ‘

don’t know who is censoring some of
the shows. said Johnson. “I was in
Britain recently. and Wilson was be-
ing interviewed.“ Evidently. Wilson
had had a rough time with the inter-
viewer. but he allowed the show to
go on. In fact. there was never a
question as to whether he would cen-
sor the BBC. “ “You know what
would hrtppcn.‘ he told mc.“the sta-
tion manager would come on and
say the broadcast would rot be seen

, at the request oftltc PrimeMiniSler.' ”

Johnson ended his speech by
plugging his organization. and by
saying that the audiences have the
right to become wary consumers.

Responsible for Referendum on Student Tax

11 chain ofcvcnts necessitating basic
changes in policies concerning the
collection and disbursement of stu-
dent activity fees on SUNY catn-
puscs. changes that caused colleges
throughout the nation to critically
rc-exrtminc their own policies.

Prior to this case. described by
SUNYA‘s Associate Dean for Stu-
dcrtt Affairs Robert Squrttriglirt ttstt
“landmark decision.“ ofﬁcial policy
cortccrnirrg student activity fees was
somewhat lax and discretionary.

In [968. the SUNY Board of
Trustees httd determined that the
voluntary payment system. in effect
up to this time. was insufficient. Asa
result. they formally authorised the
collection of a mandatory student
fee backed by University sanctions:
The rim/en! burly at each Sltrrc-
u/wmlt'd campus may tlt’lt'l'lllfllt'
t'lI/lt‘r tlr'rct'lly or through duly
t‘ll‘t'it’t/ rcprcrcnmlivm 0n the Slu-
dt'lll C()llllt'il...ff.t‘0 empowered. 10
./i.\' and assess upon themselves an

annual pap» the .t'uppurl of

educational.
.t'ncitll

programs-it (M), on
cultural. recreational, or

nature.
Once students voted to make the
fcc mandatory. admir'tistrrg'on of-

‘ . >

'lulo
137.1

 

a 'm 1.—
\ y )

 

 
 

.-

ficiztls on all SUNY campuses were
given the power to withhold grades
or transcripts from those who did
not pay. yet student governments
had control over thcdisbttrscntent of
these funds.

Money for the Treasury

Stringer called this procedure and
“expropriation of personal property
by a state institution" and charged
that policies irr effect were in-
congruous with the law. “Revenues
collected through lltc State (the llur-
sat) and mandated by the State (the
University). should go directly to the
State Treasury.“ said Stringer. The
main thrust of his objection.
however. dealt with the fact that in
being compelled to pay the activity
fcc lie was forced to help fund
political organimtions espousing
idctts he found personallyoffensrve.
The ideal solution. lte felt. would be
to eliminate arty sort of mandatory
tax and put all student activities on a
pay-as-you-go basis.

State Supreme Court Judge
Harold Koreman. who presided over
this case. concurred with Strittgcr's
criticisms of the policies then in
effect. though his idea of the best
remedy differed somewhat from the
one envisioned by Stringer.
Korcmrtn dismissed the University‘s
contention that students had been
operating well within powers
delegated to them by the Trustees.
who hrrd relinquished currtrol over
any appropriations of the fund. in-
stead. irt a decision handed dowrt on
September l6. I970. heltcld that any
fee levied by tile University its a con-
ditiott of registration and eligibility
for credit becomes the responsibility
of the Trustees to oversee.
'l‘ltcreforc. any expenditures tirade
from this fund cart be made only with
the approval of the Trustees.

Frozen Budgets

Student Association budgets
throughout the state were subse-
quently froren until the Trustees
could come up with appropriate

modiﬁcations in the fee structure.

On October 6. it was determined
by the ’l‘rttstees that the president of
each Strrtc campus must “review and
certify“ all student government ap-
propriations before they are disburs~
ed. This resoltrtiort remained itt
effect for the rest of that rtcrrdemic
year.

llcctic Months

Several hectic months of confu-

sion. stemming from what
Squatriglia tcrtns as “playing it by
car.“ caused the Trustees to decide
that route explicit policy guidelines
must be established. In rt resolution
dated March 24. l97I. the Trustees
announced that it referendum will be
held rtl each SUNY errrttptrs every
four years to determine \vhcther_stu-
dcnt activity programs are to be
funded by voluntary or mandatory
student tux.

University Radio Station
Target of Terrorist Attacks

(CPS) Student radio station
WXPN ut the University of Penn-
sylvania has its problems. WXPN
has been the target of terrorist at-
tacks following the broadcast last
year of ti reading from Erotic l-‘an-
tartar. An obscenity complaint was
also ﬁled against the station. charg-
ing thrrl air time was given to
readings about homosexuality “and
a host of sexualabuses and the like.“

The complaint was filed with the
Federal Communications Commis-
sion by Walton Heiss. a university
gntdutttc who was offended by the
program. in a letter to tire university
administration. Heiss suggested that
censorship of the station may he
needed.

The FCC has rtot yct acted on the
complaint but some people who
agree with llciss have taken matters
into their own hands.

0n Dccember3.a ﬁre broke out at
tltc station. and Philadelphia police
have said they believe the ﬁre was the
result of arson but have no clues in
the case.

On January 5. WXl’N.theuniver-
5in security office and several other
administrative offices received
letters threatening another ﬁre at the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

station. The letter included a copy of
an article on the station. “Penn
Radio Station: innovative or Poro
nograpltic’l" which had Obscenities
scrawled across it as well as the
letters FCC and lRS.according to a
WXPN ofﬁcial.

Early on the morning of January
0. a bomb threat was called in to the
university security office against
WX PN. Police searched the building
but found no bomb.

Trained Voice

According to Det. Lo‘wellfrank.

who has been handling the case for

the Philadelphia ﬁre marshall's of-v

lice. there was no real proofthut the
caller was connected to the
December fire. Frank also said that
the crtllcr “sounds like a trained
voice. a person who has training in
either public speaking or actual
radio broadcasting.“

Frank srtid that the cominued
threats against the station. in his opi-
nion. do not indiuttc a real problem.
"But lightning has struck inthe same
place twice." lte conceded. As a
result of the threats. new security
locks have been added to all doors
and other measures have been taken
to improve security.

PAGE THREE

  
  
 

   

 
 

 

 

 

    
  

     

  

 

  
    
  

 

 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

