Aviation’s
New Bird:
The Superplone

by Dave Gslletly

Look! Up in the sky! it‘s a bird! No and it's
not Superman either. This time it is a plane
and it has come back to haunt us. A huge
aircraft with swept back delta-style wings that
give us an inkling of the purpose of this threat.
This plane is theConcorde.

The Concorde is the result of ajoint project
of the aircraft industries of Britain and France
designed to gain some measure of superiority
in the technology of human transportation.
for as you by now may realize. the Concorde is
a Supersonic Transport. the infamous SST.
the SST was killed by environmentalists ages
ago. Wasn't it?

No, the SST was not killed. it was only
seriously wounded and has since made a
comeback which was not wholly unexpected.
ln a'major ﬁght a couple of years ago. the
Nixon Administration was forced to back
down on the development of a U.S.-built
passenger jet able to fly faster than the speed of
sound. The major impetus for the project
came from the argument that the Anglo-
French project and a Soviet entry- were well
into developmentand that we could not afford
to lag behind.

Another reason was put forward by another
SST supporter, Sen. Henry "Scoop" Jackson
(DcWash.). His reasons were economic as the
prime contractor for the U.S. plane was
Boeing Corporation. the largest employer in
Jackson's home state. His current image
building campaign aside, “Scoop” has been

3 ltwas pointed out by environmental experts
in‘ 'the successful ryic’ampai'gni to stop the
American SST; titht the exhaust from the
planes engines would [in time destroy the
earth‘s vital ozone hycr at high altitudes. This
would then allow unfiltered sunlight, with its
harmful radiation, to reach the surface

‘ causing untold damage. including vastly hight

death rates from cancer. among other things.
Also considered would be the devastating
effects of the sonic “boom” that would follow
the plane on the ground wherever it went.

And so we come to the ominous
announcement- this week from the Civil
Aeronautics Board (CA B) that permission has
been granted for foreign airlines to land. the
foreign .built and non-U.S. regulated
Concorde in New York and Washington.

As yet there is no ban on the. purchase of
SST's by American-based airlines so it will not
be long before they may be a fixture of life in
this nation. Pan American Airways has a few
Concordes on order now. of course Pan Am
and its new major stockholder. the Shah of
Iran, now have the capital to purchase the
expensive new plane. and the fuel to run them.
Pan Am. at least before the recent lranian
purchase. had been an unofﬁcial arm of
American diplomacy (which might account
for some of its troubles now). Recognition of a
government by Washington is usually
followed by a Pan Am route to that country.
And how would it look if the largest U.S.
overseas carrier flew obsolete sub-sonic
jetliners?

There would appear to be no simple
solution to the SST problem except perhaps
one. Probably the least likelyarm of American
foreign policy, could have a major impact on
the future of the SST. That august body sits
for six months a year in the city of Albany.
New York. That‘s right. the New York State
Legislature. lfit bans the use of New York for
SST landings. the SST might be dealt a
crushing blow. Pan Am's world maintenance
headquarters is at JFK Airport and would be
useless. Most of the proposed SST trafﬁc
would be headed there and would be left with
no place to go, except Washington and a 55
m.p.h. speed limit into Manhattan.

Save money

"I  H"V.'/.'-r  ' , .
The Chicken and he Egg »
by Pat cum ,1/

“Racist!” That'sa powerful and cutting label to slap on anyone. It seems the more we. black
and white, avoid each other around here, the more we think the other group is racist. Yet, the
more we associate, the more we know the others are racist. But then again. beneath it all is not so
much an active racist hatred as a latent sense of fear.

This week, due to a number of forthcoming events. you will probably hear much talk of
racism. or call it racial separatism. Watch how we all blame everyone but ourselves.

Chicken-and-egg analogies are overused these days, but that‘s one way of viewing the racial
issue on campus. Does the isolation of blacks and whites in the dining halls and the Rathskeller.
separate EOPSA and SA programming organizations, and even carpeting. cause tensions
among students? . . ,

Or do our separate backgrounds and cultures underlie every ﬂare-up. and exacerbate
incidents which would normally pass unnoticed? To look at it yet another way, perhaps gut
racism has nothing to do with such situations, but the two camps simply take turns taking
advantage of one another, crying “racist” all the while.

Consider last semester‘s SA-EOPSA carpet ﬁasco. Now really. all this grief over a roll of rug.
Did the disagreement on the carpet purchase cause racial tension? Or was the dispute a result of
tensions? Was EOPSA trying to pull a fast one in buying the material without following SA
policies. or did SA use the incident to make an example of its minority counterpart by enforcing
a rule which it often ignores?

As long as we deal in organizations and all the picky rules which govern them, and the roles
which must be played by their leaders. communication between blacks and whites will get
nowhere.

However, at the same time. the groups‘ formal leaders are the most likely people to initiate
exchange between students of different races. But they are smothered in so much bureaucratic
baloney that nothing productive can be accomplished. Example: How do EOPSA and SA
ofﬁcers talk about easing separatist feelings when they still haven‘t decided who's going to pay to
that carpet?!

Something ought to be started pretty quick by somebody because. in the now-immo rtal words
of EOPSA President Fred Stokelin, “This shit has got to come to a screeching halt."

Firstly. EOPSA and SA have to lay their cards on the carpet and get that mess settled once and
for all. Muscle—flexing can be fun. but now is the time to talk compromise on both sides.
Secondly. we need all the help we can get from all the people in this university who have the
slightest interest in breaking down racial barriers.

Students aren't the only ones affected not by any means. Nor is the problem confined to
organizations. social clubs or dining halls. Racial detachment. and blatant racism occurs in
elassroo ms. faculty advisors‘ ofﬁces, and administrative processes. Thus, faculty,
administrators, especially student affairs personnel. residence directors, bus drivers and
maintenance people, and possibly people from the Albany community allof us must take part.

Take part in what? A mass healing? A campus encbunter session? No. nothing so dramatic;
nothing so easy. This will take many years. a lot of effort. and deep commitment. but it‘s worth a
try. When was the last time a campus—wide effort was made to get people openly discussing
racism and separatism? When has anyone here educated whites (non-EOP) as to the purposes,
stnicture. the facts of that horrendoust misunderstood and mispcrccived “monster,” the BOP
program“! :

We‘ve got to get past the “carpet issues.“ and the stereotypes of “dancin‘ and singin' niggers"
and “beer-guzrlin' honkies.“ Our collective consciousness needs a collegial boost.

its
5”"??“1t5 ‘
f;  ‘IV

v ‘


“T

v

on

SASU TRAVEL PROGRAMS

flights to:

$269 - $366
$291 - $377
$269 - $355

traumas
Aline:an
moss

 

 

CLUBS 8. MEETIN§§
“r...”—

Therewill be o meeting ofthe Freeze
Dried Coffeehouse Committee,
Sunday, March I6 at 7 p.m. in the
Campus Center Fireside Lounge.
Work crew sign up and posters will be
discussed, along with policies for next
year. All Interested persons are
welcome to attend. For more
information call 457-4069.
Q Q Q

People For Socialism: Tomorrow is
international Women’s Day. Our
study group next Wednesday at 7
p.m. in Draper 207 will focus on the
women’s movement. Everyone is

invitedl

Q Q Q
U.S.-Chino peoples Friendship
Association: Religion and secular
voluesin Chinotodoy.Ta|lt byDonold
Maclnnis, National Council of
Churches. First Presbyterian Church,
State and Willot Streets, 8 p.m.
Thursday. More info‘: Tommy 472-
B76l.
o o o
Attention Goy students. Goy
Alliance meats Tuesday evenings at 9
p.m. in campus center 370. This
week's meeting will involve a
discussion of: “Sexism in Gay Males
and Females." The group also plans
to go roller skating on Thursday. For
details please attend.
. . .

There will be a meeting of all those

 

 

Into rested in investigating
Alternatives to the present FSA
meal plan set up, including fresh,
vegetation dishes. Tuesday night at 7

p.m. in the Fireside Lounge.
a . .

Duplicate Bridge every Monday at
6:30 in CC 375. Cash prizes. Speciol
first-of-the-month big stakes game.
Info coll Andy 7-8759.

o o .

The Outing Club takes out several
trips every weekend to such areas as
the Adirondacks, the White
Mountains, and the Berkshires. We
go sno-shoeing, x-ing, ice climbing
and of course— speiunlting! Get
involved and have fun. Come to our
meeting Wednesday nights at 7:30 in
R-315 of the Campus Center.

ass

“Unity and what everybody can
agree on" this week’s discussion topic
at the Bahai CIUb.CC 373, 7:30 pm.
Friday. All welcome.

. . .

If you have on interest in the sport
of Archery come down to the
Women's Auxilary Gym (2nd floor)
and join Albany State Archers.
Tuesday evening 6:30-8:00 p.m.

. s .

There will be 0 meeting for all
persons interested in o speaking port
in the Model Seder of March lbth.
The meetingistliisSunddy,Morch 9th
at 7:30 in the Fireside Lounge.

Bus Riderr— wont loto weekend
buses? A Fuller Rd. to Central Ave.
line? Help us help you—i 0"
Campus Student llto Corninittso.
Friday, March 7, 3:45 Fireside

lounge or call S.A. office 457-6542.

use

Slti Club Meeting Tuesday, March
ii at B p.m. in LC 4. Alltheremoining

trips will be discussed. Everyone
welcomed.

Q Q Q
All students ineterestod in living or
Soylos international House next
fall should attend one of these
meetings: Monday, March 17, 9:30
p.m. at Sayles, lower lounge:
Tuesday, March lB, 9:30 p.m.,
Campus Center Rm. 373. Information
and applications will be distributed.
if unable to attend, stop by CC 329
mornings from March 17-2 I. Space is
limited.
Q Q Q
U.S. -Chino Peoples

Friendship Association: General
monthly business meeting, Thursday,
March 20, at 7:30 p.m. 727 Madison

Avenue. All are invited.
a o o

____————--—"'"______——
OFFICIAL NOTICE

Dorm Telephones will be turned
off for Spring Recess. Letters will be
mailed advising details. Any
questions, call 459-7764.

. o .
Community Service Students:
Group Evaluation Sessions have
started. Everyone must attend one

session.
o . a

INTERESTED FOLK?

Did you see the article on Quiet
Halls?? Don’t keep it o secretll
. s

 

 

The All-Inclusive Dinner...
You get a drink, shrimp
cocktail or french onion
soup,a baked potato with
sour cream and chives,

your choice of Filet Mignon
or Roast Prime Rib of Beef
orWhole Live Maine Lobster,*
fresh baked bread, all the
beer,wine or sangria you can
drink,all the salad you can
make, ice cream or sherbet

and coffee for

" prob; “ya... ,_
with the united 3

Campus Center. I
Q Q Q

The Marines are looking for o few

good men. Are you one of them? For ~
more information, contact Mott :

Meyer, Box 356, Dutch Quad.
Q Q Q
Bottle otA lgiors— epic film about
North Africonp eoples’ revolutionary
struggle. Saturday at 10:30 p.m. in
[C l2and Sundoyot9p.m. in Draper
349. Sponsored by People for
Socialism.
Q Q Q
The Myth of fillth, presented in
mask-through ‘ " "
technique by actress and metal

’ sculptor Suzanne Benton, designer of

sets of lomowornon starring Viveco
lindfors. Women of myth land
heritage program presented by
Women‘s Studies. Thursday, March
l3, 8 p.m. CC Assembly Hall. All are
welcome.

Q Q Q

Lecture: March l2, 2:00-3:00 p.m.

Fine Arts Bldg. Room I26. Prof. R.
Kinsman: “Picasso's
Minotauromochy From
Psycoanolysis to Adultry."

e . o

Moslr and ritual Workshop: See,
touch, try on, improvise. Suzanne
Benton, actress and metal sculptor,
will exhibit her collection and
demonstrate her mask-through-
norrative techniques. Friday, March
14, 9:30-ll:30 a.m. HU 290.
Sponsored by Women's Studies. All
are invited!

a o .

All Christians are invited to
experience a Contemporary
Celebration of Holy Communion at
3:00 p.m. Sunday, March 9, in
Chapel House. Service led by Duane
Feldmann. lutheron Campus Pastor.

Episcopal Services are held every
Sunday evening at 7 p.m. in the
Chapel House. All denominations are
welcomel

a . .

Newman Mass Schedule:
Monday and Friday at ll:I0 and
12:10. Tuesday-Thursday at “:10
and 4:15. All week day mosses hold
in the Campus Center. Saturday at

 

Best Director Prize at the
I 972 Cannes Film Festival

REIT PSlllM

(Hungarian)

Directed by Miklos Jancso
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
March 7 8r 8
8:00 p.m.
PERFORMING ARTS
CENTER
$2.00 General Admission

$1.25 Students or Senior
Citizens with ID.

STATE UNIVERSITY
Iii llEll llllili AT llllflll

 

 

o o o'

Special  prayer daily of?
am. and 10:” p.m. 
House. j ,  '  .

V . o o o , '

‘ If you need help with any campus

hassles, bureaucratic run around’s, or _

rooms of time eonurming rod tops—-
come to the SA. Ombudsrnon. cc
ass (7-5451) or cc 346 (7-6542).

0 Q Q

Students interested in helping
others resolve campus hostlosr— tho
Ombudsmon's office needs you.
Worlt on individual grievances,

, ’ ’ ' “ and other
projects. It’s interesting, and you can
tanginy help someone out. Contact

. the,,S.A. Office CC 346, 7-6542.

Joint meeting with Spino llfido
Association of Northqu New ,
York. Date: Saturday, March B,
l975. Time: Luncheon l2:30 p.m.
Speaker 2:l5 p.m. (op'proxidmtoly)
Place: The Abbey, Route 20 west of
Rt. l55 (just west of Regency Park
Apartments) Speaker: Judy
Heumonn, Memberof the Stoffof the
U.S. Senate Committee on laborond
Public Welfare. “Expanding Political
Involvement of the Handicapped."
Please call one of the following if you
plan to be at the luncheon: Anne
Grant, 869-7231, Pot Buccigrossi,
76631 To, Barbara Adams, 273-2237
(evenings).

Q Q Q
’ i hm. i

IyI
WHAT TO DO

Maurice Rovel's piano music
played by 6 members of the Music
dept. Friday night March 7 at B p.m.
in Page Auditorium, Downtown
Campus. FREEI

. . .

"The Offering", a unique multi-
media show performed by The
Crystal Theater Group of lthico, will
be presented this Sunday at 8 p.m. in
the CC Assembly Hall. The event is
sponsored by the Bohai Club. Free
admission.

.. s o

There's lsrooli Folft Dancing in the
Gym each Thursday nite at 8:30.
Instruction and requests. It's held in
the Dance Studio on the third floor.
Come and join us. You'll enjoy the

fun.

Purchase Power is
K.

llrr/lnmnxs‘n luapmr Jr, ,7

Try it you‘ll like it

 

.. ..4.-_W‘.- g

iﬁicwpoint ’75-’75

needs researchers, writers,
graphics and layout people.

$6.95

’$7.95-Whole Live Maine Lobster
you save $435-$495 on aegular

DUBLIN $297 - $355
FIEGHJEBFIIJIB‘E $344 — $39.9

(prices vary according to departure date)

FULL DETAILS AT THE THE STUDENT ASSOC. OFFICE - CC 346
OR CALL ANDY BAUMAN AT 457-6543

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

check this out now
before it’s too late

WE'RE STARTING WORK NOW!
So, it'you're interested, call:
Donna (457-5231)
or
Bob (457-4754)

lttlirlt'tl lrr MIMIt'Ill tt.t.\'m‘iutiun ‘
PAGE NINE

price' 5 if purchase
separate

COLONIE. N.Y. 458-7845

Inc. and otter not“! to change

OFFER GOOD 7 DAYS A WEEK

aliSBl'lllI

MARC s
H 7, 1975 MARCH 7’ 1975 ALBANY STUDENT PR 35

 

Illa-Illl-M in,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE EIGHT

 

 

,rx. * - Wiwbliua:0.v-

 

