    
  
  
  
 
   
  
       
    
   
  
    
  

 

Zena—1;; _‘ 

. . s. , .-.«.sav—~..»:. g1;

 

 

   

wuss-5.9a.“ ..A_.—.t,...._.....4...- m‘ . any...

   

 

 

 .Woodme’re

r . He stood there. loath; positively
plastic, stub. out out the cattle pub. on
the gun, tailored cowl luehhg aimlest
nnd'wn'ot moth ktenhg to will the plastic
mouth was saying.

Ilejttst stood there. tnling to binnelﬂor all
bearedﬁl'beymtmllet‘emeatgnu.
Tbeydol‘d want to hear about my putt"?
screw ‘eln. That‘s my posture they‘re chom-
ping on, you know. "they don‘t want to know
about how carefully it's been trimmed, how
well it's been fertilised. or how well mined the
herdsloeo are. to hell with ‘em. They'll be
stupid. no skin off my nose.

The plastic face didn‘t twitch.

About now some naive English major has
reached an awareness. Ah. symbolism! The
pasture is this school! and the cattle are the
students! and the herdsmen are the faculty!
and the plastic man is the administration! At
about that same moment. some know-it-all
snob hasjust reached the same conclusion and
has said. Big shit. another sermon about
nothing interesting. Leave me alone.

Had some vvell-intentioned power mad
Student Association "ofﬁcial" been the
author. the snob would be right. But this is
written by a power-mad journalist with no
good intentions whatever. so therefore it is
better. That cliche symbol crap about cattle
and shepherds is about as old as some ofour
shepherdifaculty and therefore woefully
useless. But some of the thinking (’3) being
done at this University pre—dates it.

Forget the sermon. the freshmen has e heard
more than their share since they sent in their
housing deposits, and since we all were once
freshmen somewhere. we've heard it all before
too. Some neolithic SA stoolie gets up and
says Rah! Get out there and support your
government. You pay taxes. Know where the
money goes. Have a say in universn)
governanccl...praltic. pratrlc...blah ..blah...

\\ ho are they kidding? Nobody wants to
hear tint bilge today. Today‘s students are
cool. Hell. spare time exists to pick up and get
picked up. Dress down. hit the Silo. eye a
prospect and move in. That Ls when: i-t t-s
a~t. Poltttﬁ'.‘ For the ego-minded. the lost and
the scales.

1 CAUT

sir

ILL 0:5 lFI WT TEV.

a. No way. can'tjeopuc
lawsehool. Got to‘ be e doctor. Got to’ earn the
Call this: 'Bury us “fill Woodmc’re, it‘s the.

  

thii‘tg to‘do.’ Sun; to the tune of fLet me call ‘

you sweetheart." Candy»: 5 bleeding tun
political scientists any students have focused
their energies away from extrovcrted violence
to introverted construction. Theyare tryingto
work “within the system.”

Lesson lThere are three major “power
groups“ at a university: the Administration,
the Faculty. and the Students.

In the sixties. the three played off each
other. Each had power. The Administration,
well. as in all Administrations. holds executive
power. Things are either done or not done by
order of the Administration. That is a heavy
hand. The Faculty have the power of the
Grade over tents. and collective bargaining.
Faculty Senate. union contracts and public
opinion weighing in against the
Administration.

You may call it University Senate. but the
administrators only watch with amusement
while the students are there simply to
masturbate. 7

Students have only one thing going for
them: numbers. They are the majority. in the
sixties. they used their numbers well. striking.
sitting in. getting their heads busted on
national TV. it all worked to make them the
third equal partner.

Ten years later. the Administration and
Faculty haven't lost their basic leverage. and
in theory neither have the Students. only
whose got time for getting his head husted
when there's some serious social action about
to come down.

Black students though. know the score.
When SA cut the heart out of their EOPSA.
they turned out in numbers and convincingly
threatened to start kicking ass. They got the
money they demanded. A lot ofhufﬁng about
arrogance and such. but they got the money.
Machiavelli strikes again.

Sudents really aren't all to blame. however.
Our parents taught us well. Gas prices double
and we keep paying. Why in hell should oil
companies lower their price ifvve suckers keep
shelling out the dough? \Vhen consumers as a
unit use their power not to buy. then maybe
things will change. Meantime. the liberals say
the Federal Govemrmnt should do something
about it. It won‘t be long before we liberals
won‘t be able to wipe our nose without getting
a permit from the Government and some
federal agency being asked to regulate it.

Students uill get their power back when
they demand itiand are prepared to back it
up. Only don't bother me. i got my stereo up
too loud. Son of a bitch. l sermonized.

INCDT.

I WILL!

vi}

the clone: for ‘

   

 
 
 
 

 

by Admiral Elmo Zumwnlt .

Thousands of American men and women now are in the ﬁnal year of their college career and
soon will graduate, venturing forth to test their wings in the “outside” world for which they so
long have prepared. Most of them will leave their college towns. going forth quite literally
around the worldwsome of them. even beyond-

Like them. the Navy quite literally is involved throughout the world and beyond and like
them, we are extremely concerned with the world we live in. the way people deal with one
another, and the knowledge and understanding of the organization of which they are a pay-L

The Navy is made up of hundreds of thousands of men and women from all walks of life. :11‘
races. crccds, educational levels and age groups. These people constitute the dynamic force
which must share a common bond of understanding of the Navy and its missions, It is the
successful accomplishment of these missions that represents our ultimate goal of providing the
deterrence necessary to maintain world peace.

Our effectiveness in performing these missions that will effect our goal rests. therefore. In the
dynamic force of people who make up the ranks ofour Navy. it is. then. mandatory, hL‘IIlrc M
can postulate grand strategies. design and operate increasingly complex ships and .tlr.t.tll (ll
assess our capability. that we understand as much about the people as we can. Like“ it: n l\ .ntu
mandatory for our people to understand the importance and necessity of performing their trial
mission while at the same time experiencing personal dignity. recognition for l‘lls m nt-r t-nun.

and their value to the organization. in this matching of people to mission lrcs lhc \L‘t'lJ .n .m.
successful organizational venture. I
In my view. the United States Navy is working diligently to achieve this match In: punt-u“

has been dialectic in nature and will no doubt continue to be so. As old technology l_.'l'-:'\ \\.|'- in
new. basic principles are maintained. improved. or discarded to bring about a new gun l.tllttll n1
technical systems which will accomplish the task at hand. The same must hL' vanl .mnnt our

 

dealing with people. for as new generations of people enter the ranks ofthc Navy th' lt'L'lllt'lltm
of matching them to their mission must undergo the same scrutiny so that it accom‘ .no the
task at hand. The challenge that this process offers is almost limitless in scopc and lv 1» a mu
lifeline to the cver«growing technical capabilities of men and women and the t"\:“»,' t‘tutllt'
patterns and values of people. i

l have found this my greatest challenge in a career in the Navy that has spatula: : vrnt-t
decades at all levels of responsibility. authority, and accountability. This is the canon. . w l‘

so many times attributed to the phenomenon known as change.

Those who now venture forth into the world will ﬁnd many new experiences .l\\.t ' ; "2:11)
They will be required to attain certain goals or accomplish certain tasks llCrttys a vv n}. m m
of endeavors. it is my observation that the key to success in attaining the desired rt-~...'- . ht
constantly aware of the phenomenon of change and its constancy. Equally rmpwmw .~ 1»
develop the discretional ability to maintain the principles that are sound. discard thm: {Vaclttw
that are not. and maintain a constancy throughout.

lfcel that the success oftoday's Navy and the Navy ofthe future will depend on llltw: w' wetlll
achieve the objectives of its mission and promote the welfare of its people with L‘qltnl ml and
results. This will require an exceptional understanding of many disciplines. both [annual and
sociological. A Navy such as this. dedicated to a goal ofworld peace. can he successltn. hm only
through a participatory effort by those venturing forth armed with Illt’ Hylltlllt’lllll
accomplishment of acquired knowledge.

Those who come to deal with the Navy. whether directly or indirectly. should keep lot t'llll‘\l at
their minds the principle of integrating man and mission in order to understand the l mini \ldlL“
Navy in which we all have a vested interest as Americans.

Until the day when there is not a need for a strong Navy by any nation in the world. 1 am .l tum

believer in ensuring that the United States Navy is second to none.
I This. in my opinion. can only be accomplished through understanding. concern. and name
Interest from all those we serve. Those who have not previously looked at the” \...\ .liL'
encouraged to do so. It represents a signiﬁcant cross section of people, technology. .md tt‘llltll rev
01 seafaring spirit.

 

I '1‘)“ ILL or? IF I ma.

MW NINE I pow

74.

 

PAGE TWELVE

A LIANY sruntuvr puss

 

 

AUG UST 26. I975

 

 

 

Dir
"fl wanted .to know what my cohorts in the U

»«

  
 

.S.A. lhought‘nbout and wlut they strove for." .  I

Alexander Gardiye’vsky.

a Russian exhtmge student. discussing his stay at SUN YA ‘ -

  

 

  
 

   
 

 

   
  

   
   
        
      
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wow you 60 ON TV AND SAY oak DAUGHTER
NEVER EVEN PLAYED st THE  "m

 

Chaotic Thoughts

The ﬁrst question: Should I go to college?
Many go because it is so t‘Xpt’t'It’d. there
appears to be no alternative. Others realize the
major alternative is work. and thus choose
college as a more pleasant activity. A few
know exactly what they want to do when they
grow up and are simply fulﬁlling rc-
quirctnents. Some students an: primarily in-
terested in knowing more. though it is unlikely
that more than a handful ofthosc lack ulterior
motives. This is chaotic only because it is
almost impossible to pick out which answer
applies to whom at any particular time . , .

'l‘imelto choose a major? When that corn-
mitrncnt is made. there is a slight tug ofanxic-
ty. if not full ﬂedged psychosis. “I am directing
my life." is the thought. Though we know that
people often settle irt occupations radically
different front their college major. it is much
easier to and more likely lhttl one will continue
ill the same direction. How is the choice madc'.’
“Well. I look back and see what I have the
most credits in and wltat major required the
least . . ."

There are students who claim to know their
future occupations. l’rc-mcds and prc-luws. rtt
lclllil the determined ones. are a large part of
this group. 'l‘hclr motives arc questioned
(cspcciully among the prc's who don't get Into
uny schools): "Aren't they entering med and
law schools just for the money and prestige?
They don't want to help people." It isn't easy
lo determine who is really interested in scrvtng
Pimple. or whether that makes better
professionals. l‘lochcr, those who don't "get
in" like to believe that those going through the
grueling training required for medicine or law

 , Dan 6.2...- ' 
looking primarily for the money and prestige
will be unhappy. . .

For most the end ol'collcgc mcans work—
even if it is delayed by a year in grad school.
lltc criteria for being a good worker in the
“real world" differ a grcrtt deal from those in
college. [here are no gradcs,just those whodo
rt poorly. Success comes from being liked.
convincing. first irt the “right” things. im-
aginative. communicative. determined and
dcsciplincd. A student may improve in many
of these areas after taking courses. but not as
much as would he gained from a part-timcjob
or involvement in thc extra-curricular ac-
ti\ itics ofstudcnl groupsand college politics ..

Society provides no easy answers. They‘re
less organi/cd out there; nobody knows what
they really want and our culturcdocsn't scam
to have much dircclitn. lmportttnt decisions
are made-at random. trivial ones with cute.
l‘inding oneself is both the solution and the
cliche. Whether it's with a psychiatrist. among
friends. in a diary. with drugs. or alone in the
woods. if you can find your way in the world
it‘s a success . . .

So. after a working summer in the recession
or a return to school with maturing frustra-
tion. the student preparing himself for the
future is sure not only that society moves
blindly but that he lacks personal direction as
well. lncrcascd freedom on campuses and a
lack of future job security both encourages the
student to face reality: Chaos.

programs, stuff and expectations means the univenlty will move clocdt'to being a ’
college. Student Association is facing I neceulry cutback from lutyur’e windfall.
Untenured faculty and Itnff members are uplcinlly insecure in their-jobl."nnd‘ttudente ,
are more worried about whether they'll ever get one.

      
 
 
  
     
   

Starting“ Anew

There are reasons for both optimism and peulmlatn.  notewide  cuttto '

But SUNYA has achttnce to settle down and become cohesive in the coming years.  I

The growing has stopped now in the time to integrate with the locnlcommunity. secure
the university’s position in the academic world and find ways to imprch computlife.‘  _

if we adjust to the new goals and values, we canavoid Itagnotion.

Students On the Senate

It is important that the changes occurring at this school in the coming years avoid a
return to non—representative university governance. Students, faculty, TP’s, and the
administration each must have a voice in creating policy. Without a vote in the Univer-
sity Senate. any one segment of the community could, if they wished, make the univer-
sity inoperative. .

’ Student participation in the affairs of a campus is a relatively new concept. but one
that has been proven a beneﬁt to SUNYA. Large numbers of faculty and ad-
ministrators continue to support it. as does the new President, Emmett B. Fields.

The threat of student expulsion from the Senate is, however. greater this year than
ever before. some faculty members feel that students are a special interest as the con-
sumers of education. and bring their bias to the Senate. students do bring their bias to
the Senate. as do the faculty. NTP's and administrators. viewing students as “just con-
sumers“ is as narrow and insensitive to the community as viewing faculty as "just em-
polyces," N'I'P‘s as “just staffers“ and administrators as “just bureaucrats." All have an
interest in the health and welfare of the institution. have an important contribution to
make to it and are affected by its policies.-

Some faculty feel that since students already have a representative body, SA‘s Cen-
tral Council. they should not have a place in one that has traditionally been faculty-
oricnted. With students. administrators and NTP's on the Senate it is university-wide
rather than merely a faculty governing body. At the University of Houston. President
Fields labored to create such a university-wide structure. It failed because Houston
students did not want to dissolve their own government, as the proposal would have re-
quircd. Here, that problem is academic, as the state requires that a Student Association
exist to distribute the student tax money which provides all the amenities of college life.
The faculty. through its state union, has it powerful voice, but this does not act on
local campus level.

Faculty dissatisfaction with students on the Senate may be related to dissatisfaction
with the Senate itself. Professor Kendall Birr has termed recent Senate issues as “pets.-
pistols, and parking“. referring to extended debates over dogs on campus, security
policy and segregated parking. These issues are, to some, management decisions and
not the responsibility of what should be an academic body. Also, the faculty union has
threatened to make the Senate meaningless by negotiating around its deliberations.

At the general faculty meeting today. the Senate’s integrity must be maintained. and
only by renewing student participation can this be achieved.

Errata

The ultimate crisis for a newspaper is a machine breakdown at production time; it
causes extreme havoc and messy pages. Putting out this special issue (we‘ll begin
publishing regularly September fifth) was expected to be difﬁcult. with only days to
prepare. but a machine breakdown was not supposed to come ontop of that pressure.

We heartily thank Komp Korner of Schenectady. who squeezed us in to use their
machines. and all the people (including old staff members) who put themselves out for
it.

We apologize to our readers for the large number of errors due to ouc technical

problems.

 

    

EDITOIINCIIIEI'.... . . . . . . . . . . . ..............~...................DANIELOAINBS
.............SurtltNCor.tmrtN

thtnrttrrotrol . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Ntwstnrron .....................,..,.....................STEFHBNDZINANKA
Assoc-tn: news muons  . . . .  Brim SrrttN vato thztruttno,

RANDI Tor.“
l'ttonucrttm MANAGII.  . . . . . . .  PATIICK MCGLVNN

Assocrxn rrtooucrtou MANAGII .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . CAIOL ManttuoN
 MAICWIIOII

l.rnroruALr/tuuntrol 
Srottrscntrott............................... . . . . ..........-...NA'rItANStrum
Army cottonwul...” . . . .  lltLthtv Kutnrcx.Srrthugllealo

 JittuthLntrcm'. LBSZUCKEIMAN

Arm-1mm: MANAGIIB
.............................DANIILO'CONNOI

Busmcssmman.............

ADDRESS MAIL To: Aumv S'l'UDlN‘I' Pour. CC 326. I400 ermaron Avrtuutr. Murry. him
You l2222. Oun "turnout rs “7-8891.

WE Alli FUNDID IV I‘I'UDINT MIATION

 

 

 

  
 
  

  
 
   

