  
   
 
   
 
 
    
  
 
 
  
 
   
   
    
  
   
     
     
  
 
   
 
   
 
  
 

~.,....,.«.a;;‘— M.M\ was

org-4 g

A L- a).

 

   

‘.—..,-.n j

.m, ~x. — ‘<—.V-~

 “rag 

 

.. w ;.v.\.rs.m.¢-¢..a..w.. "MW

 

   

old residents walked past’Robin Street
I w ' ‘ in; bringing back memories. Recent arrivals tried to peer
through the stained-glass window. while they speculated about the history
of the cafeteria. Due to the efforts of two SUNYA graduates and six current
students the public will view the Boulevard from the inside.

RobertBoor ( I966 grad) and George Mitchell (I969 grad) decided Albany
needed a placeth'at offered eating. drinking and dancingat reasonable prices
_ but with an atmospherethat tells people the proprietors care. However, when
they purchased the Boulevard they were faced with a unique problem. The
walls and arches were decorated with murals that werecovered bygrease and
soot. A decision had to be made to paint over them orto try some restoration
procedure. .

Robert‘s wife Mary Ann. also a SUNYA grad, had been an art minor and
George had taken a few art courses. They suggested going to Ed Cowley.
chairman of the Arts Department. and ask if he had any students interested in
the restoration of art decorations. It so happened that Cowley was teachings
course. Environment as Art. which required a ﬁnal project. It occurred to
him that some of his students might be interested. so he presented Boor‘s
proposal to his class. Six students were interested so Cowley took them down
to the‘Boulevard to. experiment and get them started.

The students. William Karpowicz. Heidi Hoppe. Barbara Kropf. Kathy
Donahue. Keith Cramer and Bert Schou. are not all art majors. but the
project seemed interesting.

After trying combinations of turpentine and petroleum naphtha, furniture

 

polish and a wax emulsion in watcrand such things. a l% solution ofTide and

water was settled on. Sometimes the simplest things work best.

Since the paintings and oils were on a type of gauze. not canvas. the
removal of the cukcd—on grease and soot was a delicate operation. Using
surgical cotton and working on scaffolds. the students worked on and off as
ﬂoor and Mitchell repaired water damage to the plaster ceiling. Work on
some plaster sections was a delicate operation. the students aiding in the
effort.

Some of the paintings. representations of scenes from “The Odyssey.“ were
in such poorcondition that they had to be removed and repainted. Karpowitz
did a good deal of this in-pninting. although the others lent a hand in the
minor touch-ups on the paintings and the scroll work. Heidi Hoppe. also an
ill‘l major. retouchcd a border fresco style. She is interested in art decoration
and restoration so this project was an opportunity for her to do work in this
area and do something lasting for the community at the same time.

Doing something for the cotnmunity and the university was one of the
major considerations when the [toms and Mitchell bought the Boulevard.
While many landlords take advantage of students and merchants often don‘t
appreciate the business S UNYA provides them with. having students do the
restoration work seemed like an excellent opportunity to help bridge the gap
between the two factions.

the proprietors are pleased with the restoration: it will servcus testimony
to the interest of SUNYA students for their temporary community. The
resurrection of the Boulevard Cafeteria. now the Boulevard Restaurant and
'I'iriern. will be unveiled to the public on April 25. It will feature casual dining
(Joe's type sandwiches and entrees at reasonable prices). taped F.M. style
progressive music. occasionally live bands (particularly jazz and bluegrass)

and it I‘ll".

George Boorwnnts it to be “a friendly. mixing place" which won‘t require
gorilla bouncers. The owners feel if they show that they care about their
clientel. the clientel will care about them.

Finally Albany has a happy medium between the picnic tables ofthc Salty
Dog and the high prices of The Golden Fox.

 

Yale Medical School has an-
nounced it is suffering from a
“cadaver glut“ and the college is busy
sending out letters rejecting offers
from would be donors.

Latin Weekend I975 is featured in
this week‘s ASPet'Is centerfold. See
Pages 4P-5P.

down fteroperatitig seven'days a
_ _ . A \ tilevard wins the place to
Al y. anyone of note in the city, turning ’ p’therefrequently. For
Central Avenue. the

 

  
  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

  
  
 

 

  
  
  
    
 
 

 
  
 
  

 

    
      

  

 

  

 

 
  
  

  
 
  
  

  
 
   
 

  

 
 
 

  

    
    
     
   
  
   
   
   
   
    

v. 3.
2~ 3;

wong

An Inside view of the soon to be opened Boulevard Resourant and Tavern. formerly the Boulevard

Cafeteria.

Women’s, Weekcnd Activities

rulililiimlfrmu page Ill/’L’t'
of districts. and now look where we
are!"

The senator enmc otit in favor of
lobbyists. She explained that
although she makes tip her own
mind. she does allow liersclfto be iti-
Iluenced by some lobbying groups.
She is distressed by the lack of
coverage downstate about the State
Legislature.

Another question from the
audience concerned the State Un-
iversity budget cut letter campaign.
The senator explained that she could
not really tell. as the supplementary
budgets are only beginning to come
up before the Senate. She is in favor
of letter writing thongh. and urged
hcr listeners to write to important
people such as the majority and
minority leaders. “Letter writing is
important." Senator Bellamy con-
tinucd. “It doesn‘t always guarantee

 

Medical schools traditionally use
corpses to train physicians.
However. Yale says it has begun sen-
ding out “Dear Donor” letters
because the Cost of storing bodies is
too high. and the school simply can‘t
afford to buy any more storage
facilities.

Those who want their bodies to go
to one of the ﬁner medical colleges
should notdispirir.however.Colum-
bin College of Physicians and Sur-
geons says it is stillacccptingctiditvcr
donations. and that it haseven taken
some post—mortcm candidates 'that
Yale rejected. —zo¢r.c

DRIVE OUR CARS
FREE

To Flopdo. Calitornio, and
all cities In the USA.

 
 
  
   
 
   
    
    
  
 
 

where you
Near you.

'I'ell the Iolks back home

and twin double-beds,
conditioned.

most attractive,

We urge early reservoin

AAACON AUTO

iRANSPORT
89 Shaker Road
Terrace Apartment
Albany. N.Y.
462-747]
Must ho ll yours old

Sheraton-

lor locomotion Colt I’ll) 04-4!"

PAGE FOUR

You've got us

Albany - near the school. yet in the heart of
downtown — is Sheraton-Inn 'l'owne Motor Inn,
Beautiful, spacious rooms, each with color TV

A delightful restaurant wtth superb Ciiisrne at
popular prices. A lounge that ollers a relaxed
evening oI tun and entertainment. Holes are

scheduled events at the School. t

BHEHAION HOTELS A MOIOII INNS WORLDWIDE

   

want US.

that the place to stay in

and comlortably oir»

ns tor the popular,

Inn Towne
Motor Inn

300 Broadway o Albany l2207
Kenneth C. VIncont, Gon'l. Mgr.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

A..-

succcss. but it makes the wheel
squeak."

Another workshop was entitled
“Self-defense.“ In an informal at-
mosphere. the session hcgiin with
wonten describing how they
handled. or would Itiindlc. various
circumstances such as street hassling
or being followed. Volunteers
demonstrated what they thought
should be done in it given situation.
after which the two session leaders
showed some methods of self-
defense.

Fear of Success

Other workshops included “Time
for Action“ which dealt with issues
on campus ofconcern to womenand
“Fear of Success“ which compared
the desire for success of women with
that of men. A workshop presented

*****Ih***#*#**********IIIMIIIMIatnkwI

the

tl Lt .

 

, CROSS .
and the

SWITCHBLADE
Friday. April 25
8:00 and I0:00

130-23
.50

h**&************************* I“

twice was “Self-Help Health (‘eiiit-i"
presetitcd by a women‘s group Irnni
Boston. The purpose of the sesstum
was to increase and inipimv
women‘s awareness of their hiltliu
In addition to other Workshops. .1
feminist craft fair was scheduled in
be in the Humanities lounge Stirru-
day at'tcmoon. Unfortunately. tiliI\
one representative appeared at 1hr~
fair. a women‘s newspaper. S/lt'tllx
Out.

A dance featuring “Friends” ttli
eight piece women's rock band from
Syracuse. was held in the Dutch
Quad U-loungc Saturdin night.

Sunday noon in the Humanities
lounge. everyone had a chance to
relax at a free brunch. At two o‘clock
the we'kcnd closed with sports 2qu
games in the gym.

 

APRIL 22, 1975

 

 

ELECTRONIC EYES

The American Civil Libenies Un-
ion says it has identified at least 23
sepa rate government agencies which
have conducted electronic sur-
veillance against American citizens.

The A.C.L.U. says that these
agencies include not only the F.B.l..
the C.l.A. and the “1.5.. but other
lesser ones such as the Defense Map-
ping Agency and the Defense
Nuclear Agency.

A NOZONE LAYER?

An atmosphere scientist is out
with a new study which indicates
that the Earth's delicate ozone level
is in more trouble than was original-
ly predicted.

Doctor Thomas Donahue warns
that the propellants in spray cans
may set off a chain reaction capable
of quickly depleting the ozone.

Doctor Donahue is the chairman
of the Department of Atmospheric
and Oceanic Sciences at the Univer-
sity of Michigan. He reports he has
discovered a secondary method
through which fluorocarbon
propellants affect the atmosphere.

 

that

have llktiown
flu. srbons released into the at-
re brctik down chemically

Scientists

mos.
and a ck ozone molecules.

Wha was not known. Doctor
Donah e says. is that the

temperature of the stratosphere rises
as the ozone level drops. He says this
temperature increase causes water
vapor from below to rise into the
stratosphere. further depicting the
ozone level.

Doctor Donahue says this means
the fluorocarbons trigger what he

SA Om

by Faith Schottenfeld

Are you having difficulty ﬁnding
the appropriate agency responsible
for repairing your ori-campus
refrigerator? Was you ctir ticketed
erroneously? The person best able to
handle these problems and any
others you might have is the SA.
Ombudsman. Jon Levensoii. What
is :in Ombudsman? liy definition. he
is "ii government official appointed
to investigate complaints made by
individuals against abuses or
capricious acts of public officials.“

In practice. Jon and the volunteers
who work with him handle all types
of grievances its well as work on
special projects such as open records
and later buses to the downtown
campus. Other projects include the
hopeful establishment of it legal aid
system. an office of student litiga-
tion. and a liaison willi the S.A.
lawyers, .

the other ot Ombudsman. which
was one ol I’ui ('urrtm‘s cariiptiigri
ideas. was initiated this semester
following L'Uill ir'iiititioii by it 2 3 vote
of Central ('oiincil. So far. theofficc
has received many grievances and
has been lillIiL‘l successful in its
results.

“Many ol the simpler hassles cart
be solved by looking in the student
directory." .Ioit says. If that doesn‘t
help. the ()irihiutsmiiti pr'ohirhlycnn.
Whenever necessary. problems are
rclerrcd lo and handled by the tip-
p l‘tipi'Iillc outside agencies.

APRIL 22, 1975

  
  

calls a “snowball' effect which can
deplete the ozone level quickly.

A decrease in ozone, scientists say.
will cause a tremendous increase in
the number of cases of skin cancer
and blindness among humans.
FANATICAL FIGHTERS

The Washington Post reports that
South Vietnamese and Cambodian
Embassies are being swamped with
thousands of offers from Americans
who want to ﬁght in Southeast Asia.

The newspaper states that the
South Vietnamese Embassy alone
receives as many us to calls pcrday.
ranging from people who claim they
are avowed anti-communists to
those who merely want money for
their services.

As an example. the I’m! quotes

retired Air Force Lieutenant
Colonel James Akin as saying he
didn‘t really care for the South Vict-
namese. but that he wanted to retuni
to Vietnam because he was opposed
to “communism” and hated to see
America lose a war. -
’ All offers have reportedly been
turned down so far. However. the
I’osl states that some of the
proposals have come from soldiers
of fortune who want to organize
private amiies to help in theing.

Oiic such man is Bart Bonner. a
34-year-old cx-marine who told the
South Vietnamese attache he had
"quiet" or "clandestine" ways to
raise a private army of 75.000
American veterans to fight in
Southeast Asia. »

Bonner explained that he is confi-
dent that oncc he gathered together
75.000 soldiers. the American people
would come up with the guns and
htrllets for them.

PLAYBOY GURU

The Guru Maharaj Ji.thc l7-ycar-
old “Perfect Master" and leader of
the Divine Light Mission. has been
officially deposed by his own
mother. There is now a new “Perfect

Master."
The “Holy Mother of the Divine

budsman

Some grievances. such as the in-
ability to get a telephone repaired,
are handled by a simple phone call.
Others are more complicated; such
as the current involvement with the
Eductrtional’l‘esting Service(E.T.S.)
wherein over 200 students who spent
their junior year abroad received in-
contplctc transcripts because the
testing service never received certain
information. The E.T.S. is a legal
monopoly. and therefore. the ad-
niinistriitionhns no authority. In this
case. a registered letter was scnt.and
the Ombudsman hopes with thchelp
of NYI’IRG the problem will soon
be resolved.

“More than just solving the
problems. we are interested in affec-
ting ll systems change so that the
situation doesn‘t happen again.“ .Ion
adds. "Frequently. the chiitigcs are
not formal. but merely slight
iiiodit'ieutioiis. For example. the
layover stop of the downtown bus
could heclianged. Instead ofwaitirig
itt Draper for ten minutes. it could
wait at Partridge and Western where
there are more riders. Kids could sit
on the bus instead of waiting out in
the cold." .lori says.

When the (‘ .budsniati‘s office
receives a grieuiiice. the first step is
Hint of investigation to research the
problem ttnd obtain the necessary
fuels and irtforiiiatiott. After review-
ing the case. an opinion or
recoriimeridittioii is rendered. and. if
the complaint is justified. the ap-

Light Mission. Shri Mataji.declared
in New Delhi last Week that she had
named her eldest son. Bat Bhagwan
.Ii, to be the new “Perfect Master"
because the Msharaj Jihad become
a playboy.

Mataji blamed her son‘s downfall
on a handful of American associates
who. she says. were using him to get
more money and gifts “like a hen
that lays golden eggs."

UGLY AMERICANS

The Ugly People‘s Liberation

t»

1‘“

movement will take to the streets of
San Francisco on Mayday. May lst.
to march on behalf of the world’s
“not-so-bcautiful people.“

Ugly People‘s Lib. which is closed
to all people who are beautiful. cute.
handsome orgood looking. will hold
what is helicva to be the world‘s
first ugly people‘s march.

The ugly people‘s lcader.wlio calls
himself Professor Sheldon
Cockroach. says that the early mor-
ning mass protest is not a joke.
I’ rofcssofti. ' > ch explains.
“Many people think that ugliness isa
joke. but ugly people are among the
last to be hired and the ﬁrst to be
ﬁred in distressed economic times."

The professor says he hopes the
street protest will help to unite all
people with “less-than beautiful"
faces and bodies. He adds that so-
callcd “beautiful people" may sup-
port the marchers from the
sidewalks.

ROCK TO DEAF

The American Medical Associa-

tion hunt with a wa’mingt
should avoid all rock concerts. ‘ I ~

The April edition of 17m Journal
of the American Medical Associa-
tion says that the high ampliﬁcation
of music at rock concerts can be
dangerous to your hearing.

J.A. Bell of the AmM.A. writes
that members of theaudience at rock
concerts often suffer permanent
hearing loss as a result of the
amplified music.

What can be done about it? Says
the A.M.A.. “Stay away from rock
concerts to be absolutely safe."

SCHOOLS SCRAMBLE
FOR STUDENTS

Colleges and universities are
resorting to unusual cut-throat com-
petitive practices in order to lure new
students onto campuses. now that
the baby boom is over.

Just a few years ago. it was the
students who were competing to get
into college. Now. according to

Larid'ruth sayl’that'somee‘cliool '-
mtookiitc ,
for students. Other“ colleges. ., be

are raiding“ other camp

reports. will register tudenti'on
opening day without ‘ requiring
applications or transcripts; and even
stranger. he sa'ys.is the tactic used by
some institutions of implying that
students who enroll will get free T.V.
sets.

    
 

FILE FREEDOM

One way to insure that the F .B.l.
maintains a file on you is to write to
the bureau to ask for your ﬁle.

Under the new Freedom of Infor-
mation Act. government agencies
are required to reveal the contents of
a citizen’s personal file if the citizen'
demands to see it. ‘

The F.B.l.. the C.l.A. and other
agencies say they are being deluged
with letters about tiles. The F.B.l.
adds. however. that every time it
receives a request. it checks to see if
there is a ﬁle. if not. the bureau
promptly opens a new one on the
letter writer.

Outstanding Teachers 
Nominations Being Sought

by David Winzeiherg

Nominations for the Outstanding
Teachers Award are still being
sought by the Award's presidential
advisory committee. The two faculty
award recipients will receive “public
recognition“ and a monetary prize of

Students Confused

John Levato. from the University
College and a member of the Out-
standing Teachers Award Com-
mittee explained that “many
students were confusing this award
with the recent ACT‘s selections"
that appeared in a previous ASP
issue. Levato explained that the Out-
standing Tcachcrs Award has been
“on campus fora number of years“
and is separate from the ACT‘s ‘top
ten' listing.

The seven member award com-
mittee is composed of four faculty
picked by the University Senate and
three student representatives chosen
by Student Association.

No date has been set as yet for the
presentation of the award. “offered
by the Office of the President" but
the committee is hoping to give it out
before the end of this term.

Awards committee member
Levato urges student participation
in the selection process and stresses
that “anyone can submit a monina-
tion". Nomination blanks are
available at the Campus Center in-
formation desk and departmental
offices. and should be sent to A D244
c/ 0 Dr. Edward Jennings.
Nominations forthe award closethis
Friday.

Available to Help Students

 

Ombudsman Jon Levenson

propriatc agency is contacted. Using
its second tool of persuasion. a
logical rectification often occurs.
"Professionals want to get things
straightened out.“ .lon says. “They
prefer to have the problem resolved
iii an uncomplicated manner."
Last ltewrt

If these methods are not

successful. publicity isentployed as it

want:

handles student grievances directed at the SUNVA bureaucracy.

last resort. Once cleared with the
complainant. the Ombudsman may
publicize inefficient. corrupt. or
ntnladministriitive situations and
procedures bringing pressure upon
the offender.

This is ill) effective system. and
Jon thinks (hill the Ornbudsmttn's
office can handle runny more
grievances than it does now. There

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

are no specific office hours.
volunteers are there at different
times. and anyone can get in touch
with the Ombudsman simply by ﬁll-
ing out a grievance or information
request form and leaving itin the ap~
propriate mailbox. (Those interested
in volunteering to become assistants
to the Ombudsman are encouraged
to do so.)

PAGE FIVE '

  

    
 

    

 
 
   

  
  
 

  
 

  

  
  
 

 
 
  
 
  

  

  
  
   

 

  

  
 

   

 
  

 
 

 

 

 

     

 
   

  

   

 

