by Iain. W is

a The thrill of victory and the agony
of defeat. The Attisny State butter-
bsll testis felt both of these quotient
in s-mstter of weeks. A little more
theis‘two weeks ago. you coulln't
lie ‘ VfoI'iid a happier basketball
 than.Albsny.»sfter’ their upset
over Brochport. But it was a
different story Friday night. as St.
Lawrence ‘stesrniolled past the

Danes 82-63 in the opening round of g

the NCAA‘Division lll playoffs.

There Were faces of gloom and dis-
pair on the Albany State bench as
the team moved closer to elimina-
tion. Some of the players had their
face on their laps. Most of the team
had tears in their eyes. It was a quiet

‘scene in the lockerroom after the
game its the players were emotional-
ly drained. The team had worked so '
haul to get to the NCAA playoffs
but they showed little when they got
their chance.

The Danes‘ loss was the end of
Albany‘s roller-coaster season.
Albany {ﬂea inconsistent ball all
year as they had a couple of up and a
couple of down' streaks. Unfor-
tunately. the NCAA tournament
came when the Danes were in a down
swing. The team discounted their
two lackluster performances versus
Marist and Stony Brook. feeling
those games were meaningless. But
Albany found out that you can't turn
on good team ball like a water
faucet. Albany lost their momentum
and were never able to regain it over
this past weekend.

The Albany lockerroom
blackboard before the St. Lawrence
game read: Rebound + Defense =
Win. That‘s exactly what Albany
didn‘t do and it showed in the ﬁnal
score. Perhaps the blackboard
should have read beat St. Lawrence.
as the team seemed to be looking
past their opening round game.

“Lee by Eddie Joanna and Bob _'
Audi. Albany was able to open a l5-

8 lead over St. Lawrence. The team ,

showed no signs of tightness and
they were playing good ball. The v

"Danes. though. coutdisot‘ but the

game open and the Saints were able -
to inch back into theeoiitest. Much
.of their scoring was coming from
Jimmy Young and little Dan
Watkins: The lead changed hands
six times as both clubs were trading
baskets. Albany was able to'regain
the lead and Mike Suprunowicz's
basket gave Albany a 28-231ead with
under twelve minute to play in the
ﬁrst half. But Albany thought the
game was won and stopped playing
basketball.

The Saints ran off the next thir-
teen points as the Danes lost their
cool. They weren‘t doing anything
right. Albany was getting killed un-
der the boards as St. Lawrence was
getting second and third shots.

The Danes‘defcnse completely fell
apart when the Saints starting to
slow things down. State tried to
cheat on defense by double teaming
the Saint‘s ball handlers. But Albany
got burned. asSt. Lawrence wasable
to hit the open man underneath the
basket. usually Tony Ross. for the
easy layup. .

offensively. Albany got just one
poor ShOI at the basket each time
they had the ball. Koola‘s basket at
the buzzer broke the Saint‘s streak
and sent Albany into the lockerroom
down 36-30.

Albany could comeback in the se-
cond half if the club started playing
like a team. The Saint's Kevin

McGrath scored the ﬁrst bucket of
the second half as St. Lawrence im-
creascd their advantage to eight. But
Johnson came right back. making
his shot and converting the three
point play. For the next six minutes
the Danes‘ offense died. as Albany

lohinon

Senior Pele Knoll puts up no iootsr from
the foul line versus I.L.AU. Danes til min
heir 6's" vsptsln.

 

c'oiiid not buy a bucket.

The Danes were being run off the
court. The Saints were able to get
many easy pointsfrorn underneath
and front wideopen'bsll players. so
strenee opened up I I? point lead.
before Toni Morphls hit‘ s bucket
withliltuto play. The Danes nude
one final effortto rally. Led by John- ‘
son and Pete Kools. the Dane
offense ﬁnally started moving.
Albany closed the gap to nine with '
9: to to play. But St. Lawrence could
not be caught. They played a
beautiful ball control game and they
wouldn‘t succumb to the Danes se-
cond half pressure. Albany again
closed to within nine with 3:28 to
play but a couple of missed foul
shots and a late St. Lawrence spurt
sealed the Danes doom.

“We just went flat." said Doc
Sauers after the game. “Defense and
rebounding were the difference. Our
defense inside wasn't good. We,
thought we could handle them man-
to-man...We didn't have enough
movement out there. The team was
able to get the ball into the middle.
but we couldn'tdo anythingwith it."

Brockport made it a complete
Capital District disaster when they
beat RPI. following the Albany
game. That setup an Albany -
Engineer consolation match the
following night. The Danes offered
only token resistence as _ RPI
defeated the Danes 72-55.

For Albany it was a repeat of the
night before. The Danes played their
worst ball of the year during the first
ten minutes of the game. as Albany
was asleep on the court. They were

getting murdered under the boards
and Albany kept throwing the ball
away. Four times in the early going
the Danes tried a lead-feed underthe
basket and four times the pass sailed
over an Albany player‘s head.

The Danes were not playing
defense. leaving It I’l wide open. The
Engineers took advantage of this
and opened up a 28-10 lead. Led by
Johnson. the Danes woke up and
ﬁnally played some basketball.Thcy
closed RPl‘s margin to eight before
Bill Susetka threw in two baskets to
give RF] is 38-26 half time lead.

by Rob Geler

It was the culmination of six
months of dedication aitd hard
work. For two hours a day. six days
it week they had pushed themselves
iii thousands of yards of swimming.
and it seemed as if it was all for this
one meet -~-tbe SUNY Conference
championship. itt which twleve
schools from all over New York
State get together for three days to
detennine who actually is the llL‘sl ill
the I‘lcvcntstltatcoinprisethcittcci.

The Albany State Team placed
seventh. a result that brought with it
a number of significant triumphs as
well as disappointments. l'lic
triumphs were composed of a
number of individual successes iltat
brought improved titties. new school
records. the first qualifiers for the
nationals iit Albany State‘s swim-
ming history. and till overall ini-
provement iii the quality of Albany
State swimming under new head
coach Ron White iind assistant John
Quinn. the disappointment was on

The second half won't that stitch

better. as Albany stopped playing

basketball. Doc kept shuffling his
lineup but he could notfiiid a wiri-
ning combination.- ill’i beun to .
rompu theyaook' s 26 point lead
with seven minutes to_go. Mike

.‘Supr'unowiez provided some offense
f in the closing minutes but it was too

little and too late as the Danes had
their second straight loss.

“It. «We;
against It.
LsLostdoJigiseored

Lawrence

In the ehs mpionship game.
Broekport's high powered offense
was too niudt for St. strence. as
they clobbered‘ the Saints, till-79.

. Albany finishes the year at ls-lo.
“You have to give the team slot of
credit for getting here." said Ssners.
“We will be back soon." The tourna-
ment was a good learning experience
for the young Danes and a year of
maturity could prove most valuable.

forward Ion
animators

Dane Coach "Doe" Setters maltlng that
last. long trip to the lockerroom alter Dane
loss to Engineers.

Finish Seventh .
SUNY Championships

the part of swimmers who did notdo
as well as they had hoped. its wellasa
general anger over the wrli.y the ntect
was run.
Dudley stars

Sophomore Dart Dudley wtts the
first Albany State swimmer to ever
qualify for the nationals. Already
oitc of the top brcnststrokcrs iii the
suite. Dudley had been sharpening
up his stroke over the lost two weeks
with the ltopc of qualifying itt botlt
the fill) and 200 yard brc ststrokc
events. He hit the necessary l.()5.l
right on the nose in the afternoon
qualifying round for the lot) yard
breaststroke. Tilt: nationals will be
held on Murclt 2| and 22 iii
Metidsvillc. l’ciin. Dan slacked off
plttcittg lltlt in the finals. Dan lnid
some olltcr fine individual perfor-
mances during iltcthrcc day meet. in
the 200 yard individual Medley lte
qualified sixth for the finals aitd then
went on to plttcc third. beating the
two swimmers that were seeded with
faster times. In the 200 yard

breaststroke he placed seventh. only
missing the national qualifying time
by I second.

The highlight for tile team was the
performance of the Rubin brothers.
Mitch wsophomore ttnd Dave ~
freshman. whose efforts generated
the most team points its well as tltc
most excitement. Mitch improved
ntorc significantly than any other
swimmer and iii doingso became the
second Albany swimmer to qualify
for the nationals. lit the early inor-
nittg qualifying heats of the 200 yard
butterfly lie swam tltc best rticc of'ltis
life. dropping his time two seconds
to finally break l’etc (icrsttinhaber's
lottg standing rcco rd ttf2.| l .8 with a
solid 2.09.456. This was still ttot fast
cttoiiglt to qualify for the nationals.
in the finals everyone sccmed skep-
tical about him dropping the extra

second that was needed. Minutes "
before his race he appeared to be at t -
case. walking around in his tion- 2

clttilaitt. slutttp shouldered manner.

continued on page It) .

 

 

 

 

 

Telethon Festivities.

by Randi Toler

Beginning at it p.m. tonight in the
Campus Center Ballroom SUNYA
will hold its eighth annuttl 24 hour
tclctlton for the benefit of the
\‘Vildwood School for developmen-
tally ltandicappcd children.

Cit-chairperson Ernie Sprtutcc
proittiscs that this year‘s talent will
bccvcu better than last year‘s. Presi-
dent licnclct attd Mayor Corning
will be opening tclcilion this year.
According to Sprancc. I'i'csidcnt
licnc/et ltitttcd that lie and tile
mayor may be performing :1 Laurel
and Httrdy routine.

()nc u f the highlights of’tclctlton is
lltc auctioning and the throwing of
pics. '1 his year tltcrc will be several
new faces with whipped cream all
over HlL'lll. llttrold Cannon of the
business department. .lnnc Htlf'itili-
son of thc llio lfll labs, t‘orbcrl
[allot of I‘.S.A. and John Slutx of
the Allen ('cntcr have all agreed to
lose a little of their dignity itt tltc
numc of'cltttrily. Followingtradition
tftc water bed suite at the Hyatt
House will again be auctioned off to
tltc highest bidder.

Ibis ycar lclctlton is presenting
more local ialcttt ontsidethc Univer-
sity than in previous years. lictty
(icorgc and Itcr dog Moo are ten-
tittivcly scheduled for Saturday at
seven p.m. Also appearing this year
will be John Simsoit. 'I'catro

Boriken. Dick Smith of Channel l3
sports. John Cimino. Neil Brown
and the Faculty Band. and many
others. t

Sprancc promised that this year‘s
children's hour. Saturday lfla.m. - 2
p.m.. will be ' ‘.it.‘il bcttcrorganixcd
tltatt lust ycu r‘s. There will be several
acts such as a magician. a balloon
sculptor. and it lap dancing troupe.

Telethon will be broadcastjointly
by WABY and WSUA for |2ltotirs.
it will also be viewed on Channel I0
front l a.nt. - 2 am. and on WAST
froin 2:30 < 3:30 pm. Anyone
wishing to get their face on TV
should be there between linll and
9:30 tonight. when the television
stations will be taping.

Last year‘s tclcthon drew in SIS.-
|54. Co~cltttirpcrsotts l'irnic Sprtutcc
and Karen (iilltof'f ltopc lo ltil at
lcttsl SIletltJ this year. One obstacle
tltcy had to face was tltc donation of
food fast to Ilastcr Sctil this ycur.
rather than to thc Wildwood School
fund. Hnwcvcr. Sprancc reports that
parents of SUNYA students have
answered letters with pledges of
nearly $2000. so far.

As an uildcd incentive to those
who livc downtown. tltc SUNY
buscswill be t‘unningall night longat
tltc regularly scheduled intervals so
that everyone will bcnblc to stay and
enjoy tltc fittt for its long as they
want.

STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY

VOL. LXII NO. 15

Wang

Robust student stands triumphant after receiving pie In face In frollcs of last year's Telethon

Administrators Here Optimistic About Future

by Daniel Gaines

Wltilc waiting for the Slate
legislature to cotnplctc next year‘s
budget SU N YA administrators ltavc
noted what tltcy believe is a change
iit attitude towards SUNYA‘s
growth and potential by SU NY Ccn-
tral.

The attitude of SUNY Central in
past years has bcctt that it school
should not be budgctcd for more
I- l'li‘s without having tttorc spttcc.
fl‘ | li'sttrc “l'ullil itnc liquivulcnts".
an enrollment measure that takes
credit load into account.) Recently.
ltowcicr. thcy have agreed in princi-
pictth largcrstuffand studcnt body
witltoiit an incrcnsc iii capital coit-
slt'ttcliitll. according to administra-
lion ltcrc.

"lltcrc is considerable cautious
optimism." said lidwurd Jennings.
Assistant to the President.

A spokesman for SUNY Central
said that they fcll SUNYA‘s budgets
had always been considered fairly.
and would continue in be.

SUNYA willth to legislaturedur-

ittg tltc summer. as they usually do.
for a supplemental budget request.
This year tltcy are going totry to add
300 I’l'li‘s to tltc presently budgeted
figure.

'I his was explained by .lc'utingsas
nit effort. itt part. to gel crcdit for
I“ I'li's that are already on campus.
"l’coplc want to coittc here.“ he
poiittcd out. “mid more stayed this
year than we predicted." Albany hits
among lltc Itighcsl number of
applications pcr place among the
schools iit tltc SUNY systcui. "lltis
ycur. \vc illl\’t: rcccivcd |.i.44|
applications for Ilifll) freshman
places." said Assistant Vice I’rcsi»
dcttl of Academic Affairs David
Martin. SUNYA is plcttscd that
SUNY Central has encouraged go-
ing for tltc supplement.
"Nowadays." sid Jennings. "it's op-
timistic if iltcy haven't told yoit to
stop [asking for inoncyl".

SA l’rcsidcnl l’tit Curran ca-
presscd hope that "more I’ll-1‘s
won't mean ovcrcrowtfctl dorms. or
lounges. or it packed library. We cs-

pccially don‘t want students livingin
lounges ever again.“ .

(iovcrnor Hugh Carey‘s budget.
proposed in late January. would
eliminate cighlccn SllNYA
positions. including five faculty.
Since Carey‘s proposed gasoline tax
is in trouble and because the
statewide financial picture for next
yca r is considered bleak. tltc
lcgislaturc is considering furtltci‘cuts
throughout the state budgcl. lltc
SUNY budget is considered relative-
ly sttfc.

SllNYA‘s original budget rcqucst
nas$4.57ti.tltlll. which became iii.-
47(\.t)tltl by the time it Went through
Suny' Central and the (iovcrnor‘s
budgeting system,

In recent years SUNYA has bcctt
considered a "nurture" campus mid
tltcrc has been only tttittor increases
iii staff. money or equipment. In this
same period. ltowcicr. the number
of (imdiuitc students. ntttslct' aitd
doctoral degrees. mul outside grants
have ititttpcd cbnsidcuibly. 'l'ltc IU'Io
SUNY “Master Plan" sets tip it

SUNVA administrators working with budget: Vice-President for Academic Affairs David Martin,
Assistant to the President Ted Jennings. Vice-President for Management and Planning John
Hartley. Mainlanl Vlco-Presldent for Management and Planning John Hartlgan.

steady enrollment for SU N YA and a
slight decline from Witt) to I985.
SUNYA is presently contesting this.
the key to unding has bceit I" l'li‘s,
hilt SUNYA bclic\cs that
educational quttlity may ottc dtiy
rcccivc tltc tippcr hand.

During last year‘s budgeting
procedures. administrators front
SUNY schools were prcsscd Io dis~
cuss the quality of lltc institutions.
“We were able to answer. tutti tltcy
wcrc pleased." said one SUNYA ltti-
Ininistrttlor. "and [don‘t think other
schools ansiicrcd its well." Iltis was
considered a sign of dccl'ctisiug
cttlpllttsis on the workload factor.

l’ltougli the details cltttngc. thc
ccntrttl office uscs a workload
ciuluntion lll determining what a
school‘s budget. "in tltc last three or
four years." said Martin. "the
\\ urkloud has bccn the only one that
sells". A workload tncl'cnsc would
result fiont tut incrcttsc Ill l‘ll‘i's.
which would mean ti school would
need more faculty. more faculty

assistance (help). more cqitipittettt.

and tttorc library books. Other
reasons foi ti budch increase ytti'y
bttt tltisycur they ltuichecn based on
rll‘tlgt‘ltflls. (hi-going programs are
somctuttcs expanded and new ones.
like the SUAYA Russian i:.\t:|llllltlf.‘
program.ttrcocriudicullyintrodilccd.
()nr school's .Ioiiriutlistti ptograitt
was encouraged by Sli\l'. and was
financcd initially out of "soft" funds
tntdcr('luinccllorlloycr‘sditcctcott-
tiol. Iltctt Sl’\\'t\ nus able to
rcccitc funds In Iltc mllowing ycurs'
budget tocontmuc tltc program. 'I he
Russian l xclttittgc program was
\\illl\L‘ti oitl lll thc some way. and
thus nc\cr introduced by
SUNYA us if IlL‘\\ program.
llte budgeting process. according
to ,lcnuings. has It "pcplc ot'icnlti-
iion" rather tlutu a “dollar oricnln-
lion." lltcrc is a concern with
lttisilltms I‘tIIhL‘t illttll monetary
amounts.
lltc tiltitudc changes lll SUNY
t'cittral and )ci'c may reduce some
recent pcssiinisun about SUNYA'
ltiturc.

\\ t.‘ l'L'

 

('autpns ('cntcr.

 

lltrec candidates for SUNYA‘s Presidency “Ill be on campus this
nch. tltc Search ('onuniltc announced.

On Monday. March l7. between 0:00 :i.nt. tutti ltl:l5 tltc first
candidate will ntcct \\IHl students Ill Iltc I‘tttioon lounge iii the

lltcnbcinccn2:2l1p.itt.zitnl in” p Ill. ihcrc \\lH bcunopen meeting
\illll faculty Ill tltc l'atruon Lounge.

lltcotltcr tno candidates“ illltcm SUN YA on Wednesday the Will.
and l-ridtty iltc 2| st respectively. and will have the same scltediilc of
open ntcctingsas the first Presidential candidate.

Students and faculty are invited to attend attd ask questions of'thc
l’anlthlliltli cundittles and send feedback to the coutittittcc.

Iftc Search Committee. ltendcd by J. Vanderbilt Strttub. has been
conducting its search for ttbottt seven months.

 

 

 

 

