   
  
  
 
   
    
  
 
  

’. . I)! sit-

I  S issettinghigher
e4 standardsufor-it's next

it class. Last year.

   

' 'ty creased 33%overtheprevlous
'perio'd.fand according to Rodney
Hart.dirrectorof Undergraduate Ad-
missions, that increase “is being
maintained” this year.
Unlvenlty's Goal

 

The University's‘9goal". as Hart .

termed it, “is to register 1600
freshmen“ next term. The ad-
missions office has “given out 6000”
acceptances or “hide” from a, total
of l3.7000 applicants wishing to at-
tend SUNYA thisautunin. Director
Hart said that “Applications are up
over the past couple of years. very
definitely" adding that this year es-
pecially.“there has been a marked in-
crease of EOI’ and transfer
applications“ to this school. He ex-
plained that there are several reasons
why SUNYA is and will probably
continue to be bombarded with anx-
ious enrollees.

Hart cited “location. size.
economics. reputation and
programs sought" as five factors
contributing to the increase in
applications to this school. Hart
feels that these days it is “notdifficult,
to get into college at all". and that
schools today are “bidding for

'1
id", i ‘JUW/l fltil'

  

 

 

PAGE TWO

 

students.” The Admissions Director ,

said. “Colleges more than ever are
ooncemed iwith ﬁlling their empty
spaces. Not only a question of ﬁlling;
it's a question of getting quality
students. Some colleges face the
problem of attracting enough
students, but every college faces the
problems of attracting quality
students." Hart added that 'the
“academic records for people enter-
ing as freshmen is continuing to in-
crease significantly." He mentioned
that the “quality of the transfer class
entering has improved as well."

Hart revealed that the “main
private competitors" in SUNYA's
bidding for students include “the
University of Rochester. Syracuse
University.‘ University of Penn-
sylvania. Cornell. Hofstra and
N.Y.U.." Albany‘s quality ’enroll-
merit competition with the S.U.N.Y.
system includes "‘Binghamton.
Stony Brook. Buffalo University
and Onconta.“ Hart believes that
within S.U.N.Y.. Albany and
Binghamton are "consistently" the
hardest to get into.

Upward Trend

Assistant to the President. Ted
Jennings said the “the basic upward
trend of applications and the main-
taining of all the measures of ap-
titude suggest that this campus is a
ping; pvhere a lot of people want to
come to stud " Jennings added that

  



       
  

  

S.U.N.Y.‘s rate of retention]

(students stay‘aig till they graduate) -

is “higher thentnost." Admissions

Director Hart attributed the hiﬂi .

rate of retention to the “high quality
of the student body” and “the ser—
vices (personal, financial. medical.
etc.) provided to students here." He
also asserts that S.U.N.Y.A. is “very
much involved in undergraduate
education,” another retention rate
factor.

Hart blames the recent
S.U.N.Y.A. budget cuts for an in-
teruption in this schools growth;
“With the budget cuts. we can't fian-
dle what we have now." Hart also
believes that. “If we don‘t grow. we
get further cuts.“ Hart is “aiming for
a 23% return in the bids sent out”
and hopes that the overcrowding
that occurred last year can be
alleviated with better planning this
year. ‘
____—_———-—

The FSA Advisory Board has
decided to reduce the weekend guest
meal ticket from any six meals for
$7.50 down to any four meals for
$5.00. The Boa rd. made up of seven
students. Norbert Zahm and Peter
Haley. made the decision bccuasc
many guests missed two of the six
meals. The guest meal ticket can be
obtained at the Food Service office
on State Quad (Fulton Hall. Rm.
108) before 5 pm. on Fridays.

‘ .

o'eeem‘cccee Stalema-

Friday and‘ Saturday, May 2 and 3

H TRA

FFI C

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

EGYPT (A P) President Anwar Sadat of Egypt may meet with President
Ford early next month. informed sources in Cairo said Thursday..Egyptian
political sources said Sadat plans to announce Friday that he Wlil meet a
“major foreign personality" in a European capital on June 2-3. Informed
sources said Ford. who goes to Brussels on May 28 for a North Atlantic
TreatyOrganization summit meeting. may be the foreigner. Neither the U.S.
Embassy in Cairo nor the Egyptian Foreign Ministry 'would comment.
Diplomatic sources said American and Egyptian ofﬁcials In Cairo are tight-
Iipped because they don‘t want to detract from what is expected to be an
announcement from both capitals.

BELFAST. Northern Ireland (AP) Guarded by soldiers and police. the
people of Northern Ireland voted Thursday in an election that'has been called
the province‘s last chance at a political solution to its sectarian war. A light
turnout was blamed by polling officers on general apathy and a boycott
urged in Catholic areas. The voting. expected to divide along Roman
Catholic and Protestant lines. was to elect 78 delegates to a constitutional
that will try to work out a new form of provincial government for
Northern Ireland. rulcd directly from London for nearly ti year.

SOUTH VIETNAM (A P) The Vict Cong announced Thu rsdny they were
in complete control of South Vietnam and issued a series of policy decrees
stressing revolutionary government and an end to 15 years of U  inﬂuence.
A broadcast warned people against “acting like American.“ Among the
decrees was an order nationalizing vitually all the country‘s business and
industry. the Cuban news agency reported.

THAILAND (A l’) Thailand's foreign minister, Chaticliai Choonhuvan.
told newsmcn withdrawal of a substantial part of the 25.000 U.S. servicemen
and 350 warplanes based in Thailand has been agreed on and will he
announced in Washington and Bangkok next Monday.

mtINfLM.A formerly secret Scnatc report says American
nuclcnr weapons have him stored in Europe under conditions so 1er that
they have been vulnerable to attack by terrorists. In one case. according to
the censored report released Wednesday. atomic bombs were stored in the
basement ofan ofﬁce building with only minimal protection. Howovcr. the
Pentagon indicated that since the report was written in I973. it has corrected
most of the deficiencies.

WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of Defense James Schlesingcrsaid today
he expects no new Communist military challenges in Asia as a result of Nort h
Vietnam‘s victory and other US. rcvcrscs in Indochina. At the some time.
Schlesinger said “it is particularly inopporttrnc to contemplate major
changes“ in military deployments because the confidence of many countries
"in American power and American stendfustncss“ has been shaken.

WASHINGTON (Al’) The House rcjccrcd Thursday $327 million in
humanitarian aid for South Vietnamese refugees an act President liord
said was “not worthy of it people which has lived by the philosophy
symbolized in the Statue of Liberty.“

Declaring he was “saddened and disappointed" by the House Vote. Ford
said in ii statement: “This action does not reflect the values We cherish us a
nations ot'immigrnnts . . . Ilt'cffcctsfcttr and misunderstanding. rather than
charity and compassion.“

WASHINGTON (AP) Smokey the fire-fighting is retiring. his youth long
since reduced to ashes by the crccping inlii‘mitics of iigc tllld arthritis. 0”
Friday tit the National Zoo. whcrc Smokey has lived since tultcri tlierc as it
cub in I950. there will hcnnofficiirl retircrricrit ceremony. A new Smokey will
be christened. ti six-yciir—old black bear selected in l97l to be his adoptch
father‘s understudy. ._

, a

NEW YORK (AP) A committee of judges active in criminal tririls
throughout the stale hits been selected by Sirite~Adirrinisrriitive .lridgc
Richard .I. Bartlett to prepare modcl criininul jury charges. or instructions.
for use in all of the state‘s criminal courts. A grant from fire fcdernl "Stile
Streets" fund wilf'li‘nnncc the project.

NEW YORK (Al’) The cost of buying stock hccumc frilly conrpctitrtc
today for the first time iti 183 years. erilc itctivc ti'tidcrs tllid institutions arc
expected to use their new bargaining muscle to get t'irte discounts of 15 pct
cent or more from brokerage houses. the small individiitrl trtrdcrs'
commission rttlcs will bc basically the some or higher-tit some Wall St. firms.

ALBANY. N.Y. (Al’) The chief judge of the state's highest court cnllcd
Thursday for thc r'cdrnftirig of the entire Judiciary Article of thc \lrllt'
Constitution. saying the legislature's “piecemeal proposals" for court
reorganization are inadequate. Cilich .ltidgc Charles llrcitcl said be “its
already reviewing a draft of the proposed Judiciary Article thrrt had flL‘L‘ll
prepared under the supervision of thcstnlet)l'ficeol'Coirrt Adniinistrnirorr,

ALBANY. N.Y. (Al') The legislature liars pill the finishing touches on ;i
deal that state officials believe will save the Urhiiri Development L‘orp.. the
giant building agency which for the piist four months has been in dringci of
collapse. The Assembly and the Senate irpproved measures Wednesday
appropriating another $88 million to the UI)C and setting. the sltlgc for
renewal of brink financing for the agency.

' ALBANY. N.Y. (Al') The state's highest court. in a ruling with hmild
implications for the legal process. licld'l‘liursdiiythat a poor person sucking“
divorce does not have the constitutional right to be represented by n lawyer “i
public expense. '

MAY 2, 1975

      
 

 
 

  

      
  

    
    
 

  
  
 

 
  
      
       

  

   

  
 

iguana ,

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

Capi 
'n g ' v
lineman” 3:313:
“You‘ve all heard that saying that
socialism is beautiful on paper. but
doesn‘t work in real life. Well,
capitalism doesn‘t even work on
paper.“ Peter Camejo’s listeners
burst into laughter at that. one ofhis
speech‘s light moments. Over one
hundred and fifty people were
gathered in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall. Monday. to hearthe
Socialist Workers Party I976
presidential candidate speak. Camc—
jo llild just explained in general
terms Irow to manipulate unemploy-
ment and inflation. and the 4% un-
employment felt by economists to be
ideal. When the laughter subsided.
Camejo rctunicd to the blackboard
on which he had sketched tin
inl'lrition- unemployment graph.
Ilc pointed ottt thc ttboutf‘ticc Ford
flilti taken. from the “Whip lnflrition
Now“ days til the beginning of his
presidency. to the great deficit
btidgct rcccrrtly iritrodticcd. “You
will“ L‘ri rncjo contirrtrcd."ifcapitalists
can make nroricy. Period.“
t'arrncjo began his speech with a
Ion reminiscences about his carn‘
pirigrr. primarily concerning the
i‘cdci‘ul llurczru of Investigation.
llic l-.li.l. has clashed with Camejo
on scvcrtrl occasions. When he
brought the organization to court
Ior' riitcrlcrrng with his campaign.
(‘niircjo cirici'gcd \ ictoi'iotrs. A short
note rigo. (‘niiicjo I'C\Ctlfc(f ti sizable
collection of l‘.lt.|. sccrct rucniocs
on tclci rsion. and published them in

newspaper. Alleg'edjy.’ these
documents give proof of the F.B.I.'s
involvement with hundreds of dis-
sent organizations and criminal
groups. “Han'assment by the F.B.l.
follows a patternQ‘ Camejo observ-
ed. adding later. “They don't want
people to hear the alternative ideas.“

He then told ofhis experience try-
ing to hear Gerald Ford make it
speech. “I don‘t know if they do it by
plastic Surgery or what." he mused.
“hut secret service men all look the
some.“ Next came the description.
thcn. "and they all wear these little
buttons so they won‘t tirrcst cnclr
other." Again lnnghtcr. after which
Camejo informed his audience that
he rrc\'cr got to hear the speech.
bccrrtrsc he. rt fricnd. and two inno-
cent bystanders were jnilcd for six
hours. "The capitalists prevent the
socialist wurkcrs‘ alternative from
being known." Camejo repctitcd.
“because they know it will be liked.“

The next topic was the economic
crisis. Camejo cited the major
problem as its being presented in
mystical terms. “They talk about.
‘Amcricn is having inflation.‘ like a
cold spell.'l‘licy tryto make itsound
lik' tl sickness or tornttdocs." He
picked tip a picccol‘chalk. emphasiz-
ing his words by writing the figures
on the blackboard. and reported.
"80} of the average Americans lose
about too r weeks pay to the govern-
ment per year. If I took it kriilc and
said. ‘(iiyc me one week‘s ptty.‘ you‘d
be mad but you‘d have a pretty good

 

 

    

“ | hi: M oiiilor". a socialist idcn ot our relationship."
1‘! Itll't "ll/Ll;
‘.
L.
r.
..
b"
t i
“.3

Thls Intrepid cltmber doclded to play Klng Kong last Wednesday night

 



:» ma?st 

- .r,

i

“3b!”

when he scaled the SUNYA water tower.

  

   
  
   

 

  
     
  

   
   
  

 
  
    
     
   
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Soclallst Workers Party 1976 presidentlal candidate Peter Camejo spoke to SUNVA students
on toplcs such as the F.B.I.. Presldent Ford‘s economle pollcy. and reclsrn last Wednesday nlght.

This lead into some examples of
those .who. "by birth ninkc the
decisions about our lives.“ those
born rich. The point. although very
humorouslyprcscntcd. came across.
Camejo drew a triangle on the
blackboard. labeling the top. “Those
who were born." then the middle of
the triangle was the supervisors iirid
middle mun. illltf iii the bottom. tfic
opening. “An opcnrrrg is it place
\vlicrcz you product- more than yoir
get paid for." ('trriicjo elaborated.
“When you trpply for it job you trrc
siiyiiig.‘l:xctrsc incurrc you exploiting
todrry'." "

Utili/iirg the blnckborrrd. ('tiincjo
raised his pointsnbotrt inflation coit-
eluding \\ itlr gcircrrrl frrcts tiboiit the
budget. "ltl5 billion dollrrrs ls spent
on the “lit brtdgct. lhtrt's tit)"; .Jl
billion is spent on interest that‘s
Wiltll's git'cn to the niillionnrcs. I
think tlirrt should be ctrllctl Ill-
tcrcstirrg." More liglll‘t‘s \tcrc nddcd
oirto the board. such trs 7.3 billion
dollars. on incrirgc of 54 dollars per
person per month. lor \icllrrrc. and
nine hilliori for education. "And
yet. (‘trriicjo stressed. “the
ltcpublicansrrnd Democratswillnot
touch the wnrbudgct or interest. 'l'hc
Socialist Work CI'S would. and would
also open tip tfic fncotrics presently
running ill 70% cl'licicocy. Ihc il-
liontiircs like Nelson Rockefeller
would say. 'Wrrit it minute. we can‘t
make :r rprol'it.‘ We‘d srry. "lhtu‘s
alright. we‘ll get you ll job.‘

Camejo mode a few more digs at

n

 

by: tomb/1:2 Albert
RdoertCarb/MIL
Susan Eﬁeifreirt
darts Kivstci

 

Spring

(Limb outsth

Writ

LaisRirreiitgofd

Coordinated by Shiviey Penvmn

0 en
ngse

reassess
)5
ail/shit of: or' 
Thom O’Connor of minds
Piauiit "trde Scorer
John Terrltﬂw
‘lranmisa

liri~5pw\

8M

 

 

‘- III the

the super-rich. such us “If you want
to know ifti country is frcc.jttst ask.
‘L‘unltockcfcller inVCSt' lfyes.‘it's
free. If no. it‘s part of the slave
world."

(‘irmcjo turned out to’
scopegontism. a solution currently"
practiced. “In thc40‘s it was th'd life'ws
who hiid all the money. rind now it‘s
the Arabs. And Blacks have n crime

gciic. When they reach puberty 

liccoirics uctiyc." Ctrhiﬁ‘blﬁp iinc
thtrt the Democrats and Republicans
think to so|\c the crime problem
\\ rtlr more prisons rind more police.
"It could end." he contcrcd. "by git-
irrg cvcryonc a job at union wages
illltf it free cducntroir.“

flic oration bcctimc rtrtlicr Iicirtcd
on the subjch of liostirri-thc symbol
of i new rise in i'nCistn. t'rriucjo
iclrrtctf thc conditions proniptirigllrc
liostori l’tICitlf conllicts. lilnck
children were buscd ptrst tlicir'
supcrior neighborhood school. tonri
rill blrrck school hrrthcr'truny. When
the) attempted to go to the school
ircnrcr tlicrii. they \\‘L'I'C confronted
by liostilc \t'liitcs who burrcd their
entry. L'nnrcjo was trcti\c|y inrolt'cd
nuti-rncist ircti\itics tlitrt

followed.

After speaking it bit longer orrtlic
racism. (‘ttmcjo mndc tr |c\t points
trbotrl thc Vict Nnm war. The
rrirdicncc cliccrcd rind applauded
when he introduced the lnct that.
“l his is the first time in history that
the American empire is being
defeated." Describing the growth of

the anti-war movement. Camejo
reflected. “lfwc were able to win the
majority of the American people to
be against a war half around the
world. why can‘t we show them
wtllir‘s happening here? The hardest
thlh'g to conquer is the cynicism of
people who already agree."

The presidential candidate stated,
that the nitrtri issues in l976willii'cto'
point out what is happening to the

‘ (ﬁconomy and to pay attention to the
real issues. Also. whether the court-
try should be run by the upper class
or the working class.

In the question and lllISWCf‘ period
lftttl followed. tcmpcrl it hot as
members ol' the rrudicncc entered
into conllicl n rlh onctrnother. Wlicn
risked Irou hc riiiglit unite the nitrny
socirilist orgtini/titions. Cttmcjo
replied that we must rccogni/sc the
irccd to uork iogcthcrwhcrc there is
rrgrccrncoi. dcsprtc the fact that there
are other rrrclcnrnt areas of dis-
zigrccmcni. Another question con-
cerned the 5mm Union and its
becoming .i bureaucracy. “We
must." (Zrmcio included in his
rrrisucr. "build it socialist alternative
on :i muss .crcl."

Ilic two hour speech. sponsored
by l‘ucr/ar lutirur illld ti number of
SUNYA‘s political orgtininitions.
licgrin with no introduction by
Spcnccr l.r.rr.gston.

Alter th: presentation. those in
illlL'lltftlllCL' “CFC able to purchase
pamphlets. buttons. and
llL‘\\SPilpL‘l't.

 

I

4:30 pm.

THURS, MAY 8

 

WATCH MERV GRIFFIN

MONDAY. MAY 5
at 4:30 on Channel IO

featuring Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. special guest

 
    

.t '
As an introductory lecture on the Transcenden-
tal Meditation Prtogram in your own home.
Also to be shown In LC. 4 on big screen at

Special follow-up lecture

for Info call 438-5550

Is

8:00 pm LC - Z

 

 

 

MAY 2, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

pass THREE

~»

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
   
    
    
 
     

 

