   
    
  
 

     

 

    
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
 

 

 

     

   

.u-v’u

         
 

, The University Library at State
University of New York at Albany is

exhibiting a special display on the,

metric systemi'in the first ﬂoor
loungethrough February 24. Theex-
hibit. prepared by Anna May Lilly of
the University Library. gives a
general idea of and illustrates some
of the applications of'ithe metric
system.‘

Controversy' over the United
States‘ adopting the metric system

dates back to the time of Jefferson _

and Adams. The display features
several documents describing the
controversy. as well as copiesof laws

   

passed in regard " to the metric
system. The United‘States'is ex-

pected to implement the metric'

system by-l984.

In addition to the legal
dacum‘ents. the display contains
applications of the system to com-
merce. business. industry. consumer
education. and the like. and a com-
parison of metric units of
temperature. mass. and volume to
those of our present system of
measurement.

A special section of the exhibit
contains'meterials on the metric
system as it relates to education. A

b.

' programmed instruction booklet; ,a
‘ learning activitiespa'ekct‘.’ assembled
:by a university student teacher and

loaned by Margaret Farrell of the
department of. education; and a
cassette and film strip package for
teaching the system are featured in
the section.

The display is under the auspices
of the Libmry Exhibits Subcom-
mittee. Members of the committee
are Harriet Adams. Heide Brandes.
Catherine Caputo. Ellen Darling.
Ronald Kaye. Anna May Lilly.
Edward Menke. Marion Munzer.
and William Snyder. ex officio.

 

V

Admission:

ungurrmt's’n ruapmr .r‘r/ Impun/

 

It a ‘
 a. i ’T is
THE CHINESE NEW YEAR NIGHT
D'nner 6:00-7:30 PM. Entertainments & Movie 8:00 PM.

February 22, l 1975 Saturday At Brubacher Hall

$2. 75 with tax or member
Tickets are available at Campus Center

\ s SUNYA CHINESE CLUB
presents

$3.25 without tax

 

 

$$$X

ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ-$-SrﬁﬁﬁrﬁﬁiﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁwﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁiﬁﬁﬁrﬁﬁﬁiﬁSﬁrﬁ'ﬁﬁﬁ

presents

2
§

A

PAGE TWO

Woody Allen and
Dune Keaton in...

    
  
 

February 21 and 22

,.

$.50 with tax card

a setas:areas:«ceasesseesmresmeceemm xx
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

7:30 and 9:30

$1.25 without

 

 

Nﬁ»»»»$»ﬁ»ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁwﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ‘ﬁﬁﬁ

(EILEEN?  BUWEWQ

«mods

ﬁ-ﬁiﬁﬁﬁﬂ

LC—18

linttlt'rl by .rlttrlr'ul tl.\'.il)(’ftllitlll

ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬂﬂﬁﬁ

one:

 

 
    

 

 

   

 
   

OTTAWA (AP) The premier of New Brunswick and the former govern...
of Maine agreed Thursday that a border dispute between their countries
should be settled before oil is discovered in the area.

Premier Richard Hatfield and Kenneth M. Curtis said they favor
arbitration to settle the dispute. although the premier said he doesnot him.
use of the World Court.

The two men were discussing the dispute involoving extension of the
intemational border off the coast of Maine and New Brunswick. mentioning
a similar dispute on the West Coast in the process.

SAIGON. South Vietnam (AP) Communist-led forces shelled population
centers. blew up bridges and struck at a regional headquarters of the
international peacekeeping force today. the Saigon command reported It
said more than 60 persons. mostly civilians. were either Wounded or klllL’tl in
the various attacks.

The assault on the regional peacekeeping headquarters. in My tho, 15
miles south of Saigon. destroyed it water purification plant. a \V'ttI'L'littiIxL' Amt
a garage. and wounded ll Victnumcsc guard. the command said.

LAUSANNE. Switzerland (Al’) The Irttcrnatiomtl Olympic t'ontrttrncc
announced firmly'fltursduy niglttthztt the I976 Summer (ittrnes \r'illgt. .rrt rt.
Montreal as planned. with only minor modifications.

The IOC executive board spent live hours questioning tltc t\lt\ltl|t‘1il
Organizing Committee about soaring costs and strikes that have wt IllL'
construction program months behind schedule.

WASHINGTON (AP) Director Williutn E. Colby said Thursday tlt.tt
allegations that the Central Intelligence Agency has cttgagcd itr mamm-
domestic spying are exaggerated attd “have placed American intelligence in
danger.“

At the some time. Colby said in a prepared statement that thc t'l.\ hm
discovered “some changes in detail“ from his earlier testimony belon- .t
Senate committee on the controversy. He did not elaborate.

PALM SPRINGS. Calif. (AP) Former president Richard M. \I\-ttt .
reportedly spending zt few days on a private dcsr‘rt estate in his first long. too
since hc recotcrcd from pltlcbitis surgery latc lttst ycur.

Nixon. 62. left his guarded oceanfront csttttc at Sun (‘lcmcntc It:
Wednesday afternoon. sottrccsttt the compound said. llcwtts l‘tcltc\cd H
ttccompunicd only by hisuifc I’ttt.v:tlct ManoloSanchcurnd an llllitlcttl
driver.

The private csttitc tit l’tllili l)cscrt. about IIII) rottd ntilcs Iron.
('lctncntc. is ouncd by his lt'icnd Walter ll. :\nncnhcrg. Iormcr umhm
to Great Britain, ‘

WASHINGTON (AP) Scct'ctttl'y oi Stitlc llcnt'y '\. Kissinth I
congressional lcttdcr's today on his Middle lost trcgottttltttg lottt .Illt
scnrttor cttllcd lhc scsxton “\cry illtttrtinttling."

[carting the White Ilousc alter the scssion \lllll Kissinger. No l
Stcnttis. l)-Miss.. also said blxslllgcl‘\ rcpotl tlL'iIll \\Illl "progtcv - .
Middle littsl."

DETROIT tAl’Kicncrttl Motors Hi“ how lhrcc ttasctnbly pl.tttt\
nc\'t neck. compared with sc\-:n this truck. and 0.250 lciict oott
temporary lttyoll. tltc tttttomtrkcr said today.

(Ir\l said lltc closings ttt Southgtttc. ('ttlih lillllltiittlc, \ltl.. .II-tl t
Mo. uiII Icttyc 7.155 ..tlll\t:l\ on tctnpor'nty turlottgh lot' tltc om ‘
|.l.4t)5 hourly cmployccs currently- are on onc-wcck Irtyoll

WASHINGTON (AP) Mctnhcrsol lltc llottsc Armed Scn |t't.'\( otru
are questioning the Ic\cl of US. support for the North .‘\Ili|llllt It .
Orgtttti/ation. hut Defense Scct'ctary James R. Schlesinger Itl\I\l\ I ‘
troops must cotttinuc to bc deployed in \VL‘HlL‘I'II Izttropc.

The secretory dcl‘cndctl troop levels to support of NA 10 as union: on
most important oi all o\crscos military ossigtttncntsttnd sttitl \\'cdttc\rl.t- '
would see no deploy rrtcnt rnorc important than our dcpltotm-nt .o
(icrmttny.“

F'l‘. CAMPBELL. Ky. (AI’J An estimated half-million blitckhtot.
gracklcs and starlings were found dead irt twininch gl‘tiy‘cs todar urn-r 1m
Army doused the birds with a detergent chcmi'cttlrand water.

The Army said some two million to four million other birds ucrc tomolw
irr tltc eight-a‘cic' pine thicket that was sprayed Wednesday night III M:
operation aimed at protecting thc health of humans arid lrtrnt ttIllltltll\

WASHINGTON (AP) 'l'hcrc are indications that thctc \vrll hc .ttttntw
push in Congrcss to increase gmcmmcnt pricc guarantees for protluttr~ i
\rhcttt. corn and cotton. Ilul the odds are that lltw'l‘ord administration u.
not willingly gi\cttn inch. I'M

.'\gricu|turc Hccrctttt'y latttl l. llutl. ilS the'tldtitinistt'utron‘s L'lllt'l is
policy ttdvoctttc. is committed to tire tdcrt that Ircc tnatt'kch dot!
govct'nmctrt stthsidics should pt'oitdc farmers with their Ititngs.

tIk

Nl'l“ YORK t:\|’) |\\o lltttrtct‘ ('ollcgr' |\\_\c‘lltll0glsl\ my that M
Inst l|\L' \cttt‘s. clttldrcn lttnc hcgttn tlttnktrtp lttlttor at It” L'lltllt‘l .tr'

I)“. I sstc |". Ice and (iilhctt Sltrttttncl mod \Vcdttcsdtty tit-otli ‘ ““
ltLtltJl) ctty' public school pupils tltc_\ surveyed .tdmrttcd tlrc\ «Iottll

Morcmcr. they rcportcd. cl tdcrrcc tttdicattt » lltl‘CllllLlIL’lI llt‘\t'l\'l' ill
habits c\cn bclotc junior high school. t'ottxtrqtruntly. lcc and Mr
t‘t‘CtllIllIlL‘lltl tltttt “prc\cntton lliII‘tI be tntttntcd with III Illt' r-It‘tr. .
grades." I

Alt“ NY (AP) A state commission I'L‘Ctllillllclltlr'tl llto' “I
reorganization ol the state bureaucracy to cttl down on ttlittm oI lllt
htllioo-tt-ycur Medicaid program.

Ihc lclttporttty State Commission to Revise the Social Scrrrtt-x lm‘
urged that n cctttrttli/cd cotnputcr be set up to keep track ot the \lnttt .t-rl
system. as well as ccotrali/cd authority irt strttc government I'L'hllttllxllllt' Io'
administration ol Medicaid.

 

FEBRUARY 21, 1975

 

  
 

l

Many activities would be In trouble wtthout student tax money.

    

 
  

 

 

  
  
     
  

 

 
  
   

  

  

Referendum to be Held on Student Tax

by Betty Stein

A referendum will be held on
March 4-6 to determine whether or
not the student activities fee will re-
main mandatory. Student Associa-
tion (SA) and Athletic Advisory
Board (AA B) funds will be voted on
separately. The referendum will run
concurrently with SA replacement
elections. and voting will take place
as usual: dinnertime on all five quads
and [0 am. to 4 p.m. in the Campus
Center. Seniors will not be eligible to
vote on the referendum.

A bill submitted by SA Veep Ira
Birnbnum at a recent Central Coun—
cil meeting would have effectively
postponed the vote until next year.
The bill was defeated 8-10. Accor-
ding to Birnbaum. the referendum
should be postponed if we are to re-
main consistent with the Board of
'I'rustces‘ policy.

In I97]. the Board passed a
resolution rcqttiring that a referen-
dum be corrdttctcd on all SUNY
campuses every four years to decide
whether student activity programs
are to he supported by voluntary or
mandatory student fees. Soon

.‘Vv== ‘

in an upcoming

Students! ‘
We will need your opinions

 
  
   

afterward. in an attempt to be even
more responsive to student senti-
ment. Central Council determined
that. at SUNYA such a referen-
dum shall be held every two years in-
stead. The first referendum. man-
dated by the Board. was held in
I97l; the second one. required by
Council. in I973.

Chancellor Boyer recently ap-
pointed a University-wide task force.
composed of both students and ad-
ministrators. to evaluate the current
policy on student activity fees and
recommend arty revision of policy
they see “1. Because the task force is
now in the process of carrying out
this evaluation. the Board of
Trustees recently passed a resolution
postponing this year‘s mandated
referendum until I976.

Birnbrtum feels tltat. because this
year‘s referendum was meant to cor-
respond with the one mandated by
the board. it too should he put off
until next yCItI‘.

Council member David Coyne.
who personally favors a voluntary
fee. disagrees with Hirnbttttm. Ac-
cording to Coyne. there is no reason

  

AS P/ SA
telephone poll,

 

 

xx

 

Illa
PRE-IAVI SOOIEW

WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF YOU
WANT AN [SAT COURSE, TAUGHT
BY EXPERIENCED PROFESSORS FROM
SIlIlVI. AT A COST WELL BELOW
PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS ON

CAMPUS THIS SEMESTER

If you do, You must be present
“8' 26 (Hot)
In I“?
ll 8 pin
( IF 100 PEOPLE SHOW IT WILL ONLY
COST ABOUT $2000!)

Beet the [rig]: ml of Kepler

 

jinn/ml Irv .rlurlcnl association

 

 

 

‘53—‘1"“

FEBRUARY 21, 1975

 

not to hold the referendum as
scheduled. He explained that.
because it will be held simultaneous-
Iy with the replacement elections.
there will be no extra cost involved.
In addition. he stressed that Council
should he {15 responsive to the stu-
dent body as possible; “The tnore
often we hear from them. the more
representative we can be."

Pat Curran. President of SA.
believes that Coyne‘s position is
justified. He feels. however. that
having the referendum on such short
notice “will give an advantage to
special interest groups." According
to Curran. this lack of sufficierrl tiruc
between the announcement and the
actual voting is unavoidable. He ex-
plained that the Budget Committee
must know as soon as possible ltow
much money they will have to work
with.

A voter turnout of at least 20%
will be necessary to make any change
in thcprcscnt policy binding. Curran
explained that. if the necessary
pcrccntttgcisnotobtained.the status

qtto will be maintained regardless of

the results. When asked if ltc ex-
pected the referendum to get thc
pcrccntttgc needed to effect a change.
('ttrrttn replied. "I hate to say so. bttt
probably not.“

i i i i i i I W

(ZNS) lich Knievel fans will be
happy to know that livcl has signed
Ior another jump. He reports he will
attempt to ride his Skycyclc Xil'wo
across the Thames River in London
this summer.

l‘ltc width ol the Thames wherc
lich says ltc will make his jump is
ISO” lch. or about otrc qttrtcr of a
tnilc. lllls L‘\L'lil. likc tltc ill-fitted
jump over the Snukc Ri\cr (‘uttyon
last fall. will be carried on clttscd cir-
cuit IIV.

oneassessesoonuoesouuouaao

CAMP DIPPIKILL

It’s not too early to think of Springl Mako your reservations now for Spring ac-
tivities or recreation at the camp. The Adirondack white-water season usually begins
about mid-April with White Water Wookond on May 3-4.

“ft fri'f ffﬁﬁffﬁ~iltfﬁﬁt D t it ili- t

So make use of yourcamp. (am

from campus owned and oporotod by Student Association.
overnight reservations vlllt Campus Center 131 or call 457-7600.

jimde b y student assockulon

by Randi I. Toler . v

The NewlYork Board of Regent
closed their doors yesterday mor-
ning to 35 people protesting a
January 22nd ntling. The Board
ruled that “integration does not. by
definition. require that racial quotas
be used." I

The protestors. led by Sam
Manuel. Coordinator of the N.Y.
State chapter of the National Stu-
dent Coalition Against Racism.
circled outside the State Education
Building with signs calling for
desegregation and chanting “reverse
the Regents Ruling. Desegregate the
Schools.“

Manuel stated that the National
Student Coalition Against Racism
believed that the Board of Regents
was pandering to the violence of the
antidesegregation movement in
Boston. He Went on to protest
Wednesday‘s appointment of
Theodore Black as Chancellor-elect
of the Board of Regents. According
to Manuel. Mr. Black is an ardent
anti-busing. anti-integration sup-
porter. Mr. Manuelconsidcrs his lip—
pointment a clear attack upon his
cause.

The ruling could. in effect. end all

 
  

busing and integration effort in, -

New York State. Commissioner Ny-
qulst said. in a letter to the Board of
Regents that the decision may come
close to violating the Supreme Court
precedent.

The Board of Regents had
scheduled a public hearing on the
ruling to begin at “:00 am. After
picketing outdoors for almost an
hour the protesters moved inside to
wait for the doors to open. The
Board was meeting in a small
chamberwhich could not possibly ac-
com modate all of the protesters and
reporters.

At I :00 p.m. outside closed doors
Sam Manuel gave his statement to
TV reporters and marched hisgroup
out of the State Education Building.
The protestors left together shouting
“Desegregation New. Reverse the
Racist Ruling.“

This is not the last of planned
protests. The National Student
Coalition Against Racism plans a
National March on Boston on May
I7. Chairman of the Albany Student
Committee Against Racism.
Spencer Livingston. will be organiz-
ing a group on March mm to attend
the March in Boston.

Board of Regents Adopts
New Policy on Integration

ALBANY N.Y. (Al’) The state
Board of Regents adopted a broad
new policy on the racial integration
of schools Thursday that accepted
the “judicious and reasonable" hus-
irrg of students if other tools do not
work.

The Regents directed State
Education Commissioner Iiwald
Nyquisl to proceed with cases in-
volving the integration of schools irt
Bttt'tttlo. Utica. Ncwburgh. Mouttt
Vcrtron and Luckilwtlllllll.

the policy statement was adopted
by it III-2 vote with one abstention
and two members absent.

It came at Wllill was believed to be
tltc first mccting of the Board to be
pickctcd by demonstrators against
Regents‘ policy.

Major points of the new integrit-
tiort policy arc:
~quuztl opportunity for quality
education is the right ol cvcry stu-
dent in Ncw York State,

-I7.vcry school district in the state is
cspcclcd to act to enable cvcry pupil
to enjoy his right to a high quality
education.

-|ntcgratcd schoolsarc cssctttittl to
assure the rights of students living in

Back to the present, there is plenty to do at the camp in Iato wlnlor. The snow pack to
over 2 foot doop now and tho cross-country ski and snowshoe trails are In oxeollonl
condition (If It don’t raln). Gore Mtn. Ski Cantor is lust lo mllos away.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

p Dlppllrlll Is on 340 acre wlldornoss retreat 70 mllos

racially mixed communities. But the
Regents said not every school within
a school district needs to have a stu-
dent population rcllectinga propor-
tionate ratio of the racial mixture of
the community.
-Many means are available to
achicvc itrtcgration. including bus-
ing and redrawing school boun-
daries. But the Regents said busing
should be ordered with due con-
sideration that the health. safety and
access to quality education of
students not be jcopardi/cd. The
Regents also said elementary school
students should not be based long
distances to achieve racial integra-
tion of schools.

the Regents prefaced the state-
ment ot their committrncrrt to in-
tcgrtition with a dccltt ration that the
serious arguments over busing do
trot all stem from “illibcral or racist"
opponents. "but also because many
responsible people. black and white.
do not regard the musshc transpor~
tttlion ol pupils ottt at their
neighborhoods for tire purposes of
achieving racial balance to be
productive in tltc education of ottr
children,"

.
4k
4
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
o
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a

Ctﬁtﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁtttttttﬁ.kitttt.

For more Inbrmatlon and

‘9'.

one» crusades ilrd'Ol-I'ﬂtv‘lbl‘hi‘h‘ﬂ&&*¥i.$*llvi‘p.I!

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

   
  
   
   
   
       
   

        
          
      
 
   
     
    

 

 

