 

 

 

 

E lN‘OLVED

Applications'lor State Goad Judicial Board are available in Eastman Tower Ottice NOW—deadline
tor applying is todayl—Pratect your rights as students—Join State Quad Judicial!

Team manager and assistant for the Weme'n'e Srhrirnmlng and Diving Team are needed. Contact:
Ms. HoarfPEC Ii04, 7-4530. .

It you are interested in assitting students who hav.e phydcol disabilities, plesase contact AI De Grail,
Rehabilitation Service, 7-1296, CC 130. We need individuals who can read and make tapes tor the
blind and take notes tor the deal. Particularly needed are attendants tor quadriplegics. These
positions are to: pay or volunteer.

The New York State Aisembly Committee'on Child Cdre is looking lor student volunteer interns to
assist in the Committee’s investigation olthe State’s luvenllo iustice system. interns are needed during
the toll 1975 session. Students are needed both in the New York City area and in communities around
the State. Coll Richard Taster, Assistant to the Dean ol the Graduate School at Public Allairs.
Mowhawk Tower 905, 457-2371, tor procedures. '

Want to be involved in God's work on campus thi; year’l Call Jim at 7-7846 or Diane at 7-7703. God
wants you to help.

WSUA Radio, 640 AM is looking tor a rembte en'gineeh Although it is a non-paying iob, you do get
various lringe benelits. The requirements are a working knowledge at simple electronics, including
working with ampliliers, microphones and the like. Also, time to put into your lob. Any turther
questions, please contact Doug Lewanda, Sports Director, at WSUA most atternoons. or call him at
home 457-7747. ‘

Anyone who is living on State Quad this yedr and woulddike to work lor the Tower East Cinema tilm
group, please contact Ron 7-4323.

Vour opportunity to lili empty time slots gettihg exp.erienc.o in the Special Education iield is waiting Ior
you at the‘Albany Association at the Blind as a volunteer. Call Annis White at 463- l 21 I lor particulars.

s e a

INTERESTED FOLK

The Freeze Dried Coffeehouse is open this Friday and Saturday with Bill Steele, topical ,
Doors open 8:30 ’til midnight, refreshments available. Free with tax, $.75 without. For more
inlarmation call 457-4735.

Friends of Megavitamin Therapy invites thb public to ahead a lecture (by tape) by Dr. Abram Holler
on the history ol megavitamin therapy to be held at the Newman Chapel and Cultural Center, R.P.l.,
2125 Burdette Avenue, Troy, on Sunday, September 14 at 2 p.m.

Siddhartha— the movie version at the natiel by He;se will be shown in connection with
German 240: The World of". Hesse. There will be three perlormances on Monday Sept. 29 at 2: I 0 in
LC 23 and at 7:00 and 8:45 p.m. in LC7.

e e e

SPORTS MlNDED

Judo Club meets in Gym Wrestling Room Tuesdays at 7 p.m.. Thursday at o. Beginners’ class starts at
7:30 on Thurs. For inlo call Andy at 7-7705 or Bonnie at 7-7875.

e e t.

Albany StateArchere meets Tuesdays in the Women's Auxiliary Gym on the 2nd lloar oi the Physical
Educatton Building. Credit will be given. instruction and activities planned. New members welcome.
Call Dale at 7-5228 lor inlormatian.

_ ' t . . . e
Like to throw a Frrsbee? There ts a team sport called Ultimate Frisbee, presently being played by
many colleges in the Northeast. ll interested please call Jon at 273-6477 or Howie at 272-8553.

s

s e e

218, or call Robert H.

u momma r..." ranting ' ion in meters-set me a... rm. ' at... will

I' be an ihlonnation meeting an "I. .A  MMM'I“ "mrrwmn "Wm" “MSW on

Monday, Sept. 29, at 7:30 p.m. In Education 8-13.
.

n1". will be a meeting tor those enrolled in, sir lntei'ested in the SUNYA Medical Technology

‘Pregront, 7:30 p.m. in Biology 248 on Tues. Sept. 16.

Students‘who tolled to come to Community's-«tic animus.» may e. bronco lrom the can...
Come to LCB 30 immediately or call 7-4801. .

D 0
ID cards are required lor entrance to Physical Education Building and Tennis Courts.

There will be a mandatory Univeniry Judicial Coinmitt'ee meeting. Wed, Sept. 17, et3130 p.m. All
new and old members can lind out the room listing at the CC information desk.

All New Freshmen who took college work while in high school or this past Summer are advised to check
with the Ollice ol Undergraduate Admissions to be sure.thatthey are aware at your work and that they

have received your transcripts.
. 0 0

Going to Church but don't know how to get there? Pineview Community Church sends a bus to Dutch
Quad at 10:40 a.m. every Sunday. Fellowship in the lord with us.

Looking tor Christian tellowship? Albany EvangblicafChristians meet every Friday at 7 p.m. in
CC3l5 lor prayer and sharing. Come and ioln in God's love.

Need a roommate? Interested in meeting people"? People passing through Albany need a place to
crash for a night or two. If you've got the room and the interest drop into Middle Earth, i02 Schuyler
Hall on Dutch, and become part at the Crash List we're compiling; or call Marc, Jim or Pati at 7-7588
or Marc at 7-7950.

It you have concerns or questions about yotir lile br “hides in your pursuit at happiness at SUNYA.
please call the Middle Earth center (457-5300 and 7-5301) anytime between 3 and i2 p.m. or drop in
at 102 Schuyler Hall, Dutch Quad and have a cup at coltee with us. Freshmen and transler students
especially welcome.

New w students? Got Questions? Come to the a») Student Drop-In Center held every Tuesday and
Wednesday from 11:15 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. in the Patroon lounge at the Campus Center.
. .

e e

CLUBS Er MEE INGS

All " ' Students ' J in enhancing their luture are reminded thatDelta Sigma Pi is alive
and growing. For lurther inlormalion contact Gary at 457-7749.

There will be a meeting at the Undergraduale Political Science Association at 7 p.m. , Wed, Sept l7.
in CC 3I5. Election of oilicers, and business to be discussed. Old and new members welcome.

Attention all Beta Beta Beta members. Theie will.be a Mandatory meeting Wednesday Sept. l7 at
8:30 p.m. in Bio 248. ALL MEMBERS MUST ATTEND. A $2.00 lee will be collected. Relreshments
provided.

Anthropology -—Club—-Na-Dene, will hold and iinportbnt organizational meeting to discuss election
ol oilicers, Wednesday Sept. l7, 8:00 p.m. in HU 123. This year promises to be a great year Ior
Anthropology Students! Come and get involved.

interest meeting oi Albany Assassination.lnlorrhratiertt Bureau is Wed. Sept. 17 at 7:30 p.m.

Science ﬁction LivesI Every Thursday at 7:30pm. in the Eatroon Lounge meets the alledontic Albany
State Science Fiction Society. Drop in anytime or contact Dave Romm at 301-1 Tuscarora, Box 2484, or
7-5352 when they connect the phone. Boggle the imaginationl Learn the secrets of collation! Bring
objects at the bizarre and arcane.

.
Members at the University community with previdus chbral experience who would be interested in
singing the Berlioz Requiem with the University Orchestra and Choraleon October 27 and 28, should
contact Stephen Osmond, PAC 8-04, 457-6889.

I t . .
Duplicate Bridge Game meets Wednesdays at 7 p.m .Beginner’s class at 6. Allwelcome. Cash prizes,
relreshments. For inlo call Andy at 7-7705.

e t

 

WSUA SPORTS
RETURNS"
THE BPORTY 640”

Sat. Sept. 13:

12:50 pm
PREVIEW: Albany

Great Dane Football
1975

Newman

WEEKEND '
LITURGIES

 

NEW STUDENTS

Got: questions? Need information?
Come to the new student
Drop in Center

 

 

 

 

 

by Karen tucker

An audicncc whosc realm of
thought gcncrally locuscs on the
rrtundanc mullch ol academic life
was no less than astonished by the
prcscncc ol an individual who was
:thc to pcrccivc thcir thoughts with
uncanny accuracy, as well as per-
suadc a sclch fcw to pcrl'orm some
absurd acts sccmingly against their
will. "fire An’ra/ing Krcskin.“ no
doubt. is far from typical of univcrsi-
ty spcakcrs we've had in the past.

Krcskin appcarcd to bc quitc at
cascon thc stagcoftltcCC ballroom.
Hc was disarmineg charming and
witty as hc madc quips about thc
architcclurc and his cxtcnis‘vc travel—
ing cxpcricnccs. and as he caught an
cagcr‘ photographcr olf guard whcn
hc stalcd. “ lakc all thc pictures you
want; lhcy won't turn out anyway."
lhc show. howcvcr. didn‘t rcally gct
motrng until Krcskin cngagcd thc
atrdicncc‘s participation in his irr-
crcduluus learn of thought pcrccp-
lion and suggestion.

.r\ltcr asking for thrcc solid mcu's
r‘ingra hc ‘procccdcd to spin lhcm
around a pen. artd. much to
cvcryotrc‘s surprisc. the rings bccamc

The Albany Student Prele Arte Seotion

intertwined. with no indication that
any of thcm had ever bccn dis-
scmblcd in any way. With an equal
amount of cast and with two quick
snaps. lhc ring ‘cparatcd. and wurc
I'clurncd to their rcspcctivc owners.

Klips of paper wcrc distributed.
and thc audience was rcqucstcd to
\t‘ritc down anything that camc to
mind datcs. names. plrtccs. cvcnts.
L‘onscqucntly. social sccurily
numbcrs were revealed. intcntions
wcrc uncmcrcd. and the fact that a
young man spcnt part of his [irtstcr
vacation at thc Curavcllc Hotel in
Sorcnto. Italy appcarcd to be com-
mon kttowlcdgc to this lamcd mcn-
artist.

In imllallonollthhildhoodgttittc
llucklc Hucklc licanstalk. Krcskin
rold tour \oluntccrs to hidc his lcc
ior thc pcrl'orrnaucc somcwhcrc in
thc trudicncc. whilc hc himself was
lL‘tl ollslagc until lhc cnvclupc was
out of sight. Aftcr informing thc last
pcrson who had touched lhc check to
conccntratc on itslocatlon. Krcskin.
loading his "subject" with a
handkcrclticl. procccdcd to thc rear
of thc ballroom. and allcr two or
lhrcc attcmpts. lucatcd thc cnvclopc

the hands of thc symphony orchestra until

State University at New York at Albany

The Amazing Kreskln: He appeared Tuesday night but. as he wemed the photographer . . .

Kreskin Confounds Skeptics

in the bottom ofu cigarcttc case. But.
thc bcsl was yet to come . . .

Following a bricf intermission.
Kt'cskin asde for approximately
twcnly to thirty volunteers to assem-
hlc thcmsclvcs on the stagc. Being
sorncwhat ol rt skcptic myself. I was
cagcr to scc \\ but he was up to. and
soon found myself with about two
down othcrs lacing a mass ol'cight
huudrcd cuttally curious laccs. Hc
askcd up to clasp our hands togctlrcr
in Iront oi as with our cycs closed.
and to continuc applying pressure
\vhilc \rc visualized our hands mctt-
tally. Upon opcniingg my cycs. l was
a hit/tlisillusluncd to find that I was
not 'lsusccptlhlc to thc powcr ol'
suggcsllon. and cusin scparalcd my
hands. brtt lltc uthcra round mc wcrc
unablc to ntcrcomc llil) sccmingly
mystical lorcc.

llrc paruciprrnts \vcrc rnadc to
shitcr and shakc whcn Krcskin arr-
nounccd that lhc tcmpcraturc in the
room had suddculy dccrcascd. and
somc lrlcrally hcgttn undressing
\vhcn ltc statcd that sourconc had
turncd oil thc air conditioning.
Krcskin procccdcd to Itavc his sub-
lct’ln pcrccttc thc scusatluu ol bcing

‘Pictures’ on Piano

interpreted as a walking piccc. Cockrcll secs it

pinched on their rears at the snap of
his fingers. an act that caused two
guys to accuse each other of “less
than masculine“ behavior. and one
to cry out. "First he takes off his
shirt: now he's touching mc—l don’t
like it!" The audience begun
laughing uproariously and doubling
over with conniptions.

'thn Krcskin had his par-
ticipants swinging their hands and
stamping thcir fch uncontrollably. a
sccnc that rcsscltlhlcd a bunch of
robots out of whack. my skepticism
as to his influcncc bcgan to fadccon-
sidcrably. Yet. this fascinating rrran
claims that lit.‘ doesn‘t perform
miracles. he isn‘t a psychic. hc
employs no conl'cdcratcs. and that
“thcrc is on ma n a live who can prove
that hypnosiscxists.“ Krcskin claims
that cvcryt hing hc accomplishes is by
natural and scicntific means. and
that thc kcy is total conccnlnttion.

Asidc from his mind boggling ac-
complishments. Kr‘cskin struck
many as a "nornutl" human bcing
\\ ith a diversified group of interests
and hohhics. llc l0ch camping and
cross-country skiing. and possesses
an insatiable appctitc for reading. as
would any individual capable of
dcvoutlng 7000 words per minutc.
llc had a dcgrcc from Seton Hall
lln'ncrs'rty in pantpsychology. and
has rcccolly hccn named a “scientific
consultant“ to Edmund Scientific
Company in licrr'rngton. Ncw

September 12. me

Although I hadthoopportunity to
talk with him for only a few short
minutes. I received the impression
that his knowledge of worldly
matters was without boundaries.

Krcskin docs believe that E.S.P.'
cart bc learned to a degree. but that
direct suggcstion can be resisted.
Through a barrage .of questions. I
was able to extract that in regard to
Uri (icllcr. Krcskin admires him as
an cntcrlaincr. Hc would make no
criticism as to (iclfcr‘s powers.
stating that. "I will ncrcrauack peo-
ple: only idcas." and "Any science is
only as strong as can handle
c\cs in tho clfcctivcncss of
transcendental Inclination when it is
incor'poralcd with Oricntal
philosophy. but resents the man-
onupoli/irtg of key words and prac-
ticcs by snmc of its advocates.

As tar as "mind cxpandingdrugs"
arc conccrncd. hc considers them
merely a dclusion. ltr rcfcrcnccto his
own pcrccptisc ability. Krcskin
lty potlrcsircd that his ac-
complishmcnts come about through
\ isurtl imagery and an extraordinary
amount ol scnsilivity.

Wltcthct' ottc is a skeptic or firm
hclic\cr in thc powers ofthis incredi-
blc ycl unprctcntiouscnlcrtaincr and
scholar is strictly a personal matter.
but. to quotc thc words of lhc man
himxcll. “In lltosc \\ ho bclicw. no
C‘tpltllltllltill is ncccssary. 'l'o thosc
who don't hcltc\ c. no csplanarlon is
possible."

. . . some at the photos didn't.

(late of Kicv". Hartmunn's controversial

Association

REVIEW: 1974-
APerfecL Season
Pro-game show at
1:25 pm
ALBANY GREAT'
DANES
vs.
ALFRED RED
SAXONS
Doug and Harvwlll
do the play-by—play
LIVE from Alfred

Sat. Sept. 13

Sun: Sept. 14

6:30 p.m.

9:30 a.m.
1 1:00 a.m.
1:00 p.m.

LOCATION:
PATROON LOUNGE OF
CAMPUS CENTER

DAY-.‘ /
EVERY TUESDAY  

AND WEDNESDAY 7 -. 
t it ill};
TIME: L c-) »

11:15 AM. to 1:30 PM.

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

#___—

SEPTEMBER 12, 1975

 

Spcncc Reggie

Time is the scvcrcst tcst any work ofart cart
undergo; endurance is a reﬂection of both an-
iversality and excellence. One such musical
piece is Mussorgsky's Piclurux at an Exhibi-
tion. casin weathering both the ravages of
time and thc slings and arrows of outrageous
contemporary composers.

inspired by it memorial showing of thc
sketches of Victor Hartmann. Pictures was
originally written as a suite for piano.
However, like most of Mussorgsky's other
works. it attracted littlcattcntion during-and
even for years after the composer‘s lifetime.

It was not until Maurice Ravel orchestrated
it. in l924. that I’it'mrer received thcuttcntion.
popularity and prominence it has since on-
joycd. As a piece for symphony orchestra.
Mussorgsky‘s tribute to Ilitrtmunn displayed
an awesome sense of power and feeling that is.
only in retrospect evident on the original
piano version.

 

L Pic/arcs at an [Exhibition rcmuincd safely in

..u..W-......_.....,.. 
-W. M...” new...“

Emerson. Lake and Palmer came upon it and
introduced Mussorgsky to a whole new
audience.

This. in tum. most likely inspired Japanese
keyboard artist Tomitu to record a fully clcc-
Ironic version. in effect returning the work to
its original sltttctu work for the solo kcy board.

And it was in this form that Findlay
Cockrcll pcrformcd Picturcx yesterday after-
noon in the Pcrfomring Arts Center. After
beginning his Wcrlncsduy-and-‘l’hursday-ut-
4:00 concerts. four years ago with this same
Mussorgsky piece. (‘ockrcll felt it was time for
a repeat performance.

He opened up the program with a short
commentary on the origin of the work. then
proceeded to describe each section and the pic-
ture it was based on. He accompanied this
with a few representative burs front cuch “pic-
ture”. Then he sat down to play.

The “Promenade” theme. the most familiar
part of Pictures. starts off the piece. Generally

as a dcpictlon of the composer and his reac-
tions to each picturc. It appears six times
throughout the "exhibition". and is alluded to
one last time in "The Great Gate of Kiev"
hcforc wht work's closc.

“Gnomus" is the first picture. the gnome-
shaped nutcracker of Tchaikovsky‘s ballot.
The hunchbuckcd little figure is musically
characterized by harsh.dlscordunt notcs. loud
bass chordul patterns. ull suggesting the
grotcsqucric of the gnome.

Later on in the piece an: the pictures
“'i'uilcrics" and “Ballet OfThc Chicks In Their
Shells". both lighthearted bouncing melodies.
The former. ll sketch of children playing in the
famous gardens of Paris. bcu utifully captures
the freedom and spirit ofchildrcu. their taunts
and games. The “Chicks in.thcir Shells“ is u
series of quick. light staccato notes. on imita-
tion of scratching, clucking hcns.

Perhaps the most powerful piece is
Mursorgsky‘s interpretation of “The Great

design for thc memorial to thc czar that was
ncvcr crcctcd. It is comprised of an enormous
proccssiortal sccnc. religious music in the
background. bells and a thunderous conclu-
sion that immediately calls to mind the [8/2
Overture.

Pictures at an Exhibition is a complex and
difficult work to perform. cxpeclully as a suite
for piano. Mr. Cock rcll did an admirablcjob.
He is a pianist of feeling and conﬁdence. and
handled Mussorgsky with easy familiarity.
There were several sour notes duringthc more
intricate passages. and n fcw weak sections
whcrc lapses in interpretation seemed to be at
fault. but us a whole the performance was a
striking tribute to both Mussorgsky'a genius
and Cockrcll's abilities.

For those who would like it second pcrspcs.‘
live on Mussorgsky. the Albany Symphony
Orchestra will present litter on this your Pia
lure-r at an Exhlhiiiott as orchestth by
Ruvcl.

 

 

