solute righteousness.
demonstrated physical courage in
several batths of the Peloponnesian

War and moral couram by ulmly "

awaiting his death. His gerttle
kindness was made all the more
appmling by his subtle humor. He
set philosophy into a new direction
by abandoning the cosmological
speculations of his predecessors and
by inventing the science of ethics.

He cut thmugh the often shallow '

arguments of the Sophists. He in-
troduoed a new method of inquiry
which bearshis name. In the political
turmoil that prevailed in Athens for

Socrates (Drawing aileron an-
cient portrait)

several years_after the Peloponne-
sien War he refused to compromise
his integrity. When he was on trial

‘for his life he refused to engage in the

histrionic appeals to mercy which
other defendants in Athenian courts
were wont to employ.

When he had been convicted and
was awaiting execution he was
offered a chance to escape but rc-
jected it. He would not. so he said.
violate the laws whose protection he
had enjoyed for seventy years. He
was a saint in a society that had no
Saints. Interestingly enough there
are several parallels between
Socrates and Christ. Both men
profoundly shaped the thoughts of
future generations. without leaving

' us any writings, and both men sealed

their teachings with their deaths.
Socrates did have his detractors.
Some people undoubtedly had been

offended or embarrassed by his ;

questions, while others probably
thought of him as odd although
harmless; many apparently iden-
tified him with the “subversive”
Sophists. although he had little in
common with them. It was rumored
that hedid not getalong well with his
wife Xanthippe. Aristophanesin the
Clouds selected him as the target of
his comic wit. His physical
appearance did not help matters: he
had protruding eyes. a snub nose,
thick lips, and a full beard. Indeed.
some said, he resembled the grotes-

que Silenus, my hiwl companion of
Dionysus.

But Socrates was indifferent to
outward appearances and to bodily
comforts. Materialism of any kind
was sharply rejected by him and even
more so by his pupil Plato. At the
conclusion of the Phtlt’llrllS Plato
has Socrates utter this beautiful
prayer:

“Dear Pan and all you other gods
who live here, grantrme to become
beautiful within. May whatever out-
ward possessions l have be in bar-
mony with the things within. May l
consider a wise man rich. And of
money may I have just so much as
only a temperate man could bear or
carry away."

 

Now $05.00 buys:

Hewlett-Packard
asmallerunco
calculationthe

r" pro HCL’

lN na no-

I 'lll il l (3H5 El X (..l X
. (r w n...

i . pAtL~A~¢ etiif

 

 

Southern Rock Friday with Tucker h ,.

Until the Allman Brother‘s Band became
perhaps the most popularband in the country,
Southern groups had a very difficult time
gaining any degree of success. They were
destined to play clubs through the South.
Along with Wet Willie, Cowboy and Lynyrd
Skynyrd. the Ma rshallTucker Band has taken
advantage of the situation the Allmiin's helped
to open for them.

The Marshall Tucker Band began in
Spartanburg. South Carolina. All the
members of the band were childhood friends,
deeply rooted in the country small town way
of life. Toy and Tommy Caldwell. the band‘s
driving forces, were encouraged to play
country music by their father. They had it
guitar duo and played Hunk Williams'tunes. rehearsing original material and recording

in high school they decided to make music demos.

A

their profession as brothers separated and
formed their own bands. George McCorkle,
now Marshall Tucker‘s rhythm guitarist,
played behind Toy‘s lead guitar. Tommy
formed The New Generation. rhythm and
blues band, with singer Doug Gray.

Both bands played clubs until 1966 when
the Caldwells were drafted. ln I970Toy began
writing songs. the first of which was “Can’t
you See“. Gray and sax-player Jerry Eubanks
formed the Toy Factory with Toy Caldwell.
Two years passed beforc'l'he Marshall Tucker ‘
lland came into being with the intention of
doing more creative material. 'l‘oinmyjoined _ . V
later on bass with McCorltlc and drummer  ’ A L s '
Paul Riddle. They spend six months just ' ‘ “‘3‘; ‘5

 

 

essing & fressing at

Alice is 35.

(“t

The Marshall Tu iter Band will play tonight
Bishop Group

HEW

Nikusake Kushiyalci Deliciaki

 

  O l I  V ' by Sandy Ellenbogen and Melissa
' ' I (trust
l2—yeor- old kid.

hating can he il complete sensual
experience. All too frequently we
L‘OIlL’Cllll'illL‘ till lllL‘ .iCllSCS Ul- lilSlC
and smell. neglecting the \isunl and

She hosn’i got

0    V _ V l‘ilclllL‘ in) 3 ol outing. Luckily. at the
I Nikiisiikc Res :iurnn .locti ed it he

Oil   V. _ . » 1 I l \l in l’oiiclrs. oln Solon ldud

\Vllslllll’ on / venues. ic out
   looks :lflgtititKl‘llh it taste: I I
hos such 0
good time”?

'l'nblcs of Iiight

Nikusiike spccitili/cd in the
llihiichi sly lc ol cooking. poptiltiril-
cd by the Iicnilitina chitin ol
rcsttiuruuts. Diners are seated in
gioiips ol cigltl around ll grill. iind
tlic lood is prepared hcloi‘e their
eyes. All dinners start oil with
\llIlltl.\/ll. it clear. l'lii\orltil hrotli
iitigniciitcd \\llll hits of onion,
\L'zllllttll. and row mushrooms. A
grccn Millltl giiriiislicd with
tomatoes. i';itlislics.iii1di'cdciihhiigc
tlii\oicd \iith the housi- dressing

 

ELLEN BURSTYN

KRlS KRISTOFFERSON .NijoE
DOESN’T LIVE HERE 
ANYMO

DA N('E COUNCIL

is looking for new members

 

 

 

 

 

._... (will put. c\cry ‘l ticsdziy
 7:45 p.lll. t:\t:l')' Wednesdin

l\o i:\pcricncc necessary!
I’lunl I-"lour Sim/iii,
f Illl't‘l'.\fll' (I‘l’Hl/ltlollllll

ADAVIDSUSSKINDPRODUCIION mom Al l RllllUl llll I.” HAM/LY KEllll .Bcti.iiil)|Al\lL LADDH Flo

MOHAWK MALL   FOX COLONIE

BALlTOWN RD. —SCHENECTADY WOLF ROAD 7 OPPOSITE MACY'S

 

 

 

 

State University Theatre

Presents
A Folk Play of Witchcraft

 

More power than our HP-35. 32 prc-pro-
gmmmcd functions and operations vs. 22 for
our HP-35. The HP-Ql performs all log and
trig functions, the latter in radians or degrees.
It’s our only calculator short of the HP-45 that
lets you:

- convert polar to rectangular coordinates, and

back again (—>P,->R),-

- do full register arithmetic (M+, M—, MX,

M-I-);

- calculate a common antilog (10X) with a
single keystroke.

The HP-Ql also performs all basic data
manipulations (l/x, y‘, V}; 1r) and executes
all pro-programmed functions in one second or
less. In sum, it's designed to solve tomorrow's
problems as well as today’s.

Smaller size. 6 ounces vs. 9 ounces for ottr
PIP-35.

Full display formatting. The display key (DSP)
lets you choose between fixed decimal and
scientific notation and lets you control the bum

ber of places displayed. (The HP-Ql always

uses all l0 digits internally.)

If a number is too large or small for fixed
decimal display, the HP-Ql switches automati-
cally to scientific. It never confuses a smaller
number with zero.

Finally, if you give the l-IP—Ql an impossible
instruction, the Display spells E-r-rvo-r.

RPN logic system. Here's what this unique

logic system means for you:

a You can evaluate any expression without
copying parentheses, worrying about hierar-
chies or restructuring beforehand.

You can solve all problems your way—the

way you now usc'whcn you use a slide rule.

You solve all problciiis—no matter how coni-

plcx—onc step at a time. You never work

with more than two numbers at once.

You see all intermediate answers immediately.

The lip-’21 executes each function immch

atcly after you press the function key.

You can easily backtrack when you crr. The

lip-2| performs all operations sequentially.

e You can rc-usc numbers without rc-cntcring

them. The HP-Ql becomes your scratch pad.
H-P quality craftsmanship. One reason Nobel
Prize winners, astronauts, conquerors of Ever-

- est, America’s Cup navigators and over 500,000

other professionals own H-P calculators.

Your bookstore will give you a demonstra-
tion today. Challenge our new I-IP-Ql with
your problems. See for yourself how much per-
formance $12500" can buy. If your bookstore
doesn’t have the lip—’2! yet, call us at 800-
538-7922 (in Calif. 800-662-9862) for the
name of a dealer who does.

HEWLETTMPACKARD

Sales and service from IT! nllircs in (if? countries.
Dept. 653, I‘lflln l’runtiridgc Avenue, Cupurtiiio, CA "5014

lv|‘/(n

‘Siigitcstuil ii-tiill pliu' cxcltullnu appliinhlv state and local lilelli“
Contlnuntal Ll..‘i.l\., Alaska It I lawall.

 

 

 

PAGE 6A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FEBRUARY 21, 1975

 

oby

“Dark of the Moon"

Howard Richardson Er William Berney
Directed by Edward Golden

Main Theatre

SUNYA Performing Arts Center
Box Office 457-8606

Tickets $3,$2,$1

 

Wed., March 5 - Sat, March 8, 8:30 pm
Sun., March 9 Matinee 2:30 pm

{hurled Iii' .l'lllt/t'lll tl.t.lllt'flllf(lll

W

l'olloiis. The dressing is quite
pungent with soy and igngcr and
complements the greens well.

At this point the chef appears. it
sci of knives iit ti holster on his belt.
bringing ottt a cart lillcd with in-
gredients, l-lc hows politely and
readies the grill for the meal. The
preparation borders on ritual. as he
slices the shrimp. onions and
cucumbers into hilc si/c pieces with
speed and llitir. llis mastery.
lli\\\ c\ er. “its not quite its impressive
its his speed suggestcd. its many of his
inm cincnts \\ err: extraneous. lllttl his
iiiin lcll something to licdcsircd. l'hc
tttiiility and texture of the food is of
utmost iinportiincc. because of the
slltlpllt’il) otsclisoning. Stilt.pcppcr.
st!) strum. Ictttoit. sesame seeds. and
it hit too much llltillltstitlllllll
glutiiiniilc are the llii\oi‘ing iiids
used. llic shiimp tuid Airi/ii‘iilki
(\cgctnhICs) \icic succulent. crisp.
illitl delicious. Iiio dipszirc pi‘oiidcd
to bring out 'ii flown in the foods: it
iniistiird hilllCC tllltl it dclictttc ginger
sluice. A how 1 iil ricc isttlso included
to add \lll'lL‘l_\ and huh to thcinciil.

llit.’ iicxt course an.» stctik tind
chickcn. sen cd with mushrooms
illlll bean sprouts. Again the ment
on.» tender and juicy. the \cgctahlcs
crisp tilltl delicious.

llic ice cream was it rclrcshing
dessert. and of superior quality. Sud-
ly. the pineapples marinated in
crcinc dc Incnthc did not contain
c\cn 2i ll'thL‘ iil liqueur.

Sunday Night Special

\iltiisailtt-"s [ll'lL‘L‘s hinge Irom
$5.05 lot .i complete l|.\ll diiiiicriind
“v.05 lot \lL't’llx .iiid ClllChL‘ll. tip to
M005 loi ltihslct. (in Sunday
ci cnings. lioncici. ll coinhiiiiition of
L'llIL‘ltL'll lllltl .xtciik as the mom course
costs S4.‘)51orii complclc dinner.

.liipiincsc rcsitiuraintsiirc noted for
\lllilll portions. and Nikusiikc is no
t'wcptioii, loco so. lllL' tiitiil cx-
pericncc of dining nit-ins the Dl'lct:
tug.

S.A.S.U.

IS

Y.0.U.

It‘s all of us. It‘s all the studenlgovts. 1
In the S.U.N.V. system lolnlng
forces In one centrelomnnlzetlon to
provide student services and lob-
bying power in Albany.

funded by slmlwtl asrm'iullon

 

 

M

FEBRUARY 21, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

