 

  
    
 

by Nathan S‘etant , .

 

Hitting was is free throws, and shooting 53% its... the néitt, the

Albany State Great Danes varsity basketball team kept their NCAA
Tournament-SUNY AConference Championship hopes alive in a
r Wednesday 62752 winging of Plattsburgh’s Cardinals. Albany is now
l3-7. 8-2 in conference play. with ﬁrst place Bmckport coming to

win tomorrow at 8:30pm.
.“We knew we lied to control Larry
Parker (averaging 20 rebounds and
l7 points a game)." said Albany var-
sity , basketball coach Doctor
Richard Sauers. "and we did a fair
job of it}? (Parker pulled down to
rebounds and scored l4 points.)

“More importantly," Sauers con-
tinued, “we played with the type of
discipline l have been trying to instill
in our players all season. We were
patient on offense. controlled the
ball. moved. and penetrated, waiting
for the good shot. On defense we
played it tight, forcing outside shots.
Sure, some individual scoring
averages may have been hurt. but the
team realized that there are other
ways to win besides scoring 1 to
points."

Typical of this new-found dis-
cipline was an Ed Johnson outlct
pass on what appeared to be a drive
to the hoop late in the game. John-

son might have scored, but probably
would have drawn an offensive'foul
and given the ball to Plattsburgh
with the Danes leading by 4. and 4:55
to play. , I

The game opened with both teams
trading baskets, until a Mike
Suprunowicz steal was converted by
Bob Audi, putting the Danes up 7-6
with l5:36 to play. A travel by Tom
Nels gave the ball back to Albany.
and Pete Koola hit a to footer.
Another basketby Koola. and the
first two of lo successful free throws
by Gary Trevett, put the Danes up
l3-6. 'l'wo baskets by Tom Morphis,
solos by Trevett and Audi, and the
Danes led 25-l5. on their way to a
35-2! lead at the half.

“We never get an easy one on the
road." said Danes' eternal
scorekeeper Rich Reeney. and
Plattsburgh did not make a liar out
of him. as the Cards came out ﬂying,

, . _ d .
Pete Koole letting Plattettttmh'e Jim barman inelde. Koote
converted. and wee touted on the oily.

 

 

outscoring the Danes i8-6 in the tint

 

  
 

7 minutes of the' second half and
making it a 4i-39 game. For five .
minutes the teams traded buckets. V
with Plattsburgh never tying the I"
score. until Johnson and Audi hit
back to back shots giving Albanye
47-43 lead.

Plattsburgh closed it to 48-45. but
that was the closest the Cards would ‘

' get, as Trevett hit 4 consecutive free

throws. and Koola, Suprunowicz,
and Johnson hit layups to put it
away. The second half almost got
away from us." said Sauers. “but we
had it when we needed it. it was our
best effort in a long while.“

Koola led' the Danes with l4
points, Johnson had 13. and Audi
ll. but the stars by the stats were
Trevett (l2 points. l0for l0 from the
line, 8 assists). and Tom Morphis (8
points, l3 rebounds). Suprunowicz
rounded out the Danes‘ scoring with
6.

Parker led the Cards with l4
points and lb rebounds. and Jim
Darman was second with I] and 9.

Albany shot 23/43 from the ﬁeld,
Plattsburgh was 23/60, but the
Danes were out-rebounded. 36-29.

 

 

 

 

 

¥§¥¥¥

 

Dane Dope: Trevett's 10 for to
from the foul line did not approach
record of l5 held byJim Oppedisano
and Rich Margision...Danes pulled
one out of the past - the bus stall of
the John Quatrocchi-Byron Miller
days...Brockport is l9-2. 9-0 in the
Conference...Wins versus Oswego
and Potsdam guaranteed Coach
Sauers of his l9th consecutive win-
ning season at Albany. His .685 win-
ning percentage is among the top ID
in the nation.

by Nathan Salant

NCAA bid.
Herc are the possibilitics

I. if Albany utid Buffalo State
defeat Brockport. Albany gets the
bid. Should Buffalo State then go on
and lose to citltcr Plattsburgh or
Potsdam, Albany ttlso wins the
SU NY Conference.

2. If Brockport bouts Albany and
Buffalo. or if she only beats Buffalo.
Brockport wins the Conference and
the automatic bid. Even if she only
beitts Buffalo. Brockport will still
receive tin at large bid based on ltcr
current l9-2 record.

3. If Buffalo Stiitc winsits rcmnin-
ing 4 games. she wins tthUNYAC
and the bid would go to the second
place tcttm (either Albany or
Brockport) because Buffttlo is it
Division ll tciiniuttd cunnotucccptit
Div lll bid.

The NCAA Division lli New
York-New Jersey 'l'ourntuncnt will

in any case. Albuny must beat
lirockport. The Golden Eagles have
been outscoring their opponents 77-
00. and outreboundittg them byu 2-l
margin. Brockport is l9-2.thcironly

be held at lirockport Murchitund 9.‘

     
   

Gary Trevett on the way up to attempt block of rho

  
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
  
   

  

 
  

 

   
 
    
   
 

 
   

  

    

  

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  
  

 

    

  

 

   

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

“tease

' " hole
tby PIetteburgh'e

    

George McNeil

“Brockporl is “M” read the sign on the lockcrroom blackboard
after Albany State‘s Great Danes had defeated Plattsburgh 62-52,
and Albany must win #14 tomorrow when she hosts Brockport to
remain alive in thc rttcc for the SUNYAC Crown and automatic

losses to i'ilit‘lwick and C.W. Post.
both probably Division II 'l'otirnu-
mcttt participants. and has won l4
stt'uighl.

Conch Mauro l’anuggio‘s lending
scorers are his sons—:Mikc (lit) uttd
Duo (l7). and tire probably the best
pair of guards Alhttny has fttccd tltis
your. lloth pltty most. if not fill of
every game. and are strong on
defense its well its offense.

Up front are 6‘6" Motiroc “l’ops”
Mc’l‘nw (l4 pts and it) rebounds).
it'll" Kevin Willittms (13 and it). utid
6‘4“ Dulc O'Dcll (it nnd 5).

In sizing up.Albttny‘s biggest game
of thc scuson. Grunt Dunes couch
Doctor Richu rd Snucrs suid.
“Brockport has ottc of the finest
tctnns itt tIic stittc. They like to run.
btit Cllll pluy the 4 corner stull its well
its ttiiyonc. 'l‘hcir defense is the full
court press-httrnss the guards style.
“will taken strong Albttny effort to
win, but we litth no choice.“

Lust ycur. Brockport bcttt Albany
twice: 77-73 in itrockport during tltc
regular season. und til-(t4 iti the
ECAC 'l'ournumcnt. 'l'wo ycnrs ngo,

Brockport Tomorrow:
The Must Game

the Duncs pulled it 70-63 upsct on
Albany‘s honic cottrt. llrockporl
lcnds the series 7-3.

All tiic nitirblcs nrc on the lublc ill
8:30 pm. tomorrow.

SUN YAC Standings ‘
SUNYAC ()verttll

'l‘cttnt W-L W-l.
Brockport 9-0 l9-2
Buffalo Stutc‘ 7-l Ill-l
Albany 8-2 [3—7
Oncontu 8-3 lit-ll
Gcncsco 4-3 I Hi
l‘redonitt 4-4 I l-7
Binghtunton 44) 9-9
I’ltittsbu rgh 3-5 6—”
Potsdam 3-5 l0~l l
Cortland 2-7 7-11
New l’ttlt'l. l—ll 3.17
()swcgo 0-10 l-lo

*llul'fttlo Static is ineligible to receive
the NCAA bid
Top ten scorers
Mikc Stlpl'iilltiwicl and lid John—
son tire among the top If) scorers iti
tltc SUNYAC averaging lft.() ttntl
Ift.3 points each.

Beat
Brockport

emitted? a New ,Yort' 

night} ' I g
playoffs. But they were denied that

by Michael Sena

After almost two years of
searching, the Arts and Sciences
Search Committee is ready to invite
three candidates on-cttmpus for iti-
tcrvicws.

Professors Seymour (icisscr.
director of the School ofSttttisticsnt
tIic Univcrsity of Minncsotu.(icorgc
ll. Stein. tt history pt'ol'cssor ut
SUNY Binglitunton. llllti zuiothcr
history professor who tcuchcs nt
Stanford, have been chosen by the
Committee its possible rcplncctncnts
to fill tltc position of l. Moycr
llttnshcrgcr (who rcsigncd). said its
Chairman Richard ()‘Ncil.

'l‘lic (‘oniniittcc find no set stun-
dttrds iii its search for it ttcti dcitn.
c sttttcd. “It‘s tt tnistttkc iti
something likc this fit hc tlogtt.tttic -
it's not likc ll trttc or l'nlsc tittil." ltc
cxplttincd. “lf'yon nntkc-tip to itittny
nt‘lil‘icinl ct'ilcritt you will reject ttittity
good cnndidttlcs." l‘or L‘ktllllpic.
()‘Ncil cxpluincd. tIic_\ htttl “ottccnn-
tlidntc who wits \cr_\ gootl cxccpt hc
llt.‘\‘t.'l' ctcr did an) tcttcliing."
ilt)\\'L‘\’t:l'. notic ol lhc llircc l'clllllill-
itig cnndidtttcs itcrc ct cr dcntts. But.
Studcnt Association I’t'csidcnt l'ttl
('itrt‘nn notctl thut "tcnching is inot'c
iniporttint lhntt ttdnitnislrtttion."

 

.w‘t'i p up th‘SUNYACTrO

98‘ '1 sounder)":

"The Arts and Scictlccs dcttn should

, be more ttcztdcmicttlly-oricntcd. than
ltdiilil‘tisll‘ltii\'0i)’--0I‘ict‘llcd." hc cs—
pillillL‘ti.

Both O‘N cil and Ft'ccdtnttn hoped
that students and faculty will talk to
(icisscrto sctid fccdhttck lo tIic Coni-
niittcc.

SA l’rcsidcnt Curran said hc has
many tittcstions to risk (icisscr.
"Docs he want students intolrcd in
grading and tcnttrc policy?" "Which
is more important for faculty
nicttibcrs tcttching or t‘cscttt'cli'f"
"And why u t‘c you coming hcrc wlicti
SlINY/ \ going downhill?" "It
docsn‘t do nittcli good to bc cnplttin
ol n sinking ship." (‘ttrrnn tiotcd.

||tcrc isnlso ll l’tcsidctitiul Scorch
(‘outniittcc which is looking for it
rcplnccnicnl lot l’rcsidcnt iicllC/L‘l.
All kinds of spccttltttion hits
tlct clopcd its to what would liztppcn
il tIic l’t‘csidctttinlScorch (‘onitnittcc
Inilcd to rcconinicnd ztnyonc. \tlntt
\"icc-i’rcsidcnl ol' Acztdcntic Alfttirs
l‘hillip Sirotkin's t'olc in tIic two
coninttttccs is. and “hill would
littppcn tl uc ltnd :t llt.‘\\ i't'csidcnl
bclotc hc had no Arts illlti Scicnccs
dcun.

(‘oninicnling oti thcsc rumors.
l‘ricdinnn snid: "lltcy sound likc ll

 

 

A&S Dean Cndidates List R

good tllti\it: plot to lllt.‘. but I just
don't kttow anything about them.“
liottmcr infortncd sources stated
that tiny recommendation for it new
A&S ticttn will bcdcluyctl tttttil :tl'tcr
SUNYA has n rcplttcctncnt for
Iicnc/ct.

SUNYA‘s Inst At’L'S dcttn. l.
Moycr llutisbcrgcr. rcsigncd itt Mn)
W71. Mun) lclt tlntt llttnsbcrgct'tt‘ns
rush and :tbt‘ttsitc. "No onc \\tllll ttt
Itnd tttiothct‘ llunsbcrgcr.“ said
i- l'cctilllztll. "Wc'rc look itig l‘ot'n \cry
pcl'sotitililc guy 

Lust Mitt‘cli. uttdci' :t Scorch ('oiii-
tiiittcc hctttlcd b_\ Rn) i‘ttl'Cl' o1 tltc
Sociology tlcptti’ttncttt. ltto Cilll-
didntcs \tcrc t'cconinictidcd.

()nc cnndidtttc dccidcd to t'cinnin
lll ucndctntcs t'uthct' tlitin tnkc tin :td-
ntntistrolitc post. llllti tIic othcr tins
Morton Kaiploti. \’icc I’I'ttttibl ol tin:
(‘in lilii\t.‘l'.\il_\ of \c\\ York.
Kttplon‘s notninuiioii dicd.

lhc Arts illlti Hcicnccs Scztrch
(‘oninitttcc iscotttpnscd of tcn lttctil-
ti tnctnhcrs. inoadministrators.:tud
lottt students. lhc slttdcnls :trc Vi-
\Iilll Khnthcr. Rohct't i‘l’L‘L‘lilllilll.
.\l:tlt|ic\\ Mcycr. llllli Kath) lint'on.
L'onntiittcc tnctnbci‘ i'IL‘L‘tilllilll urg-
cd studcnts to nich (icisscrnnd gitc
sonic lcctlbnck to lhc ('oniniittcc.

FSA Pays Loan Back to SA

by Stephen Dzinunka

Ccntrtil Council voted lust
chiicsdtiy night to withdraw at [unit
of approximately $l80,000 from the

 

l‘ttcully-Stttdctit Association in
protest of thc 8'4 bottrd hikc. FSA
l)tt'cctor ii. Norbcrt Ztthni puid thc
lottn hack into the Student Associa-

Iton lust l‘ridny.

In addition to an 8'; inc' 1: oti
all food sci‘\iccs (including tltc
l’utroon Roottt). the FSA Board of

 

3180.000 check paeeee tram FSA to SA. From tell to ‘
right: SA President Pat Curran. FSA Director E.
Norbert Zahm. SA VP Ira Btrnbeum.

  

 

 

The Candidates"I I

Seymour Geisser, Director of School of,

Statistics. University of Minnesota
George H. Stein, Professor of History, SUNY
Binghampton

* 'I‘ltc Iltird i'fllltlilllllt' t'.r u prqiinrsor at Slutt/iml University and has not yet
ht't'll molar-ml as It) the Crututtitlce's decision

 

Former Dean at Arts and Science I. Moyer Hunsberger. who resigned
almost two years ago and still has no successor

 

 

llit'cctot‘s \'t)lCtl to rnisc tlic chcck
cashing cltttrgc from l5 to 25 ccntsitl
tIictr tncciing last \tcck,

(‘cntrztl Council ('hnirpctson
l.cwis l‘idlcrqtlcslioncd l‘SA‘suliili-
ty to pity hock tIic Iottn front oti httnd
cnsh rcscrtcs in light ol tIicir rccctit
linuncittl difficulties rcflcctctl itt lltc
iniplctncntntton of nn H'. board
htkc.

/.uhni mt tlutt l‘SA ilild lhc
ncccssatry funds to pity oll tIic loam
without incurring any inintcditttc
litioncinl stutitis. Iohni c\plntncd.
“Right noon coursc. tltc Uiiitct'si-
ty hits inst puid us Itll‘ nn :tdutttcc oit
ililil ol tIic spring hoard rtttcs . . .
Right nott \\c hntc u lot of nioncy:
that's why i snid thut uc \\L'l'L' to it
good position to pit) if off right now.
'I Itc ntoncy istltcrc and I’m not going
to thc lntnk to borrow it until I htt\c
lo."

/1Iillll has not rulcd out the
possibility thttl it hunk lonn of sonic
sott innt hc ticctlctl tit llic ncnt'
ttttutc "It \cty ucll could bc conic
.lntit~ illiti .illi) :tttd .‘Alllllhl. \\ilL'll
things gct .tnlitl ttgltt attoittttl ltct'c.
thttt l'll hut c to go ltztt'k to lhc hunk
to borrow sonic ol thttl $ltx't).illtl)
ttgutn." sillti Inhni.

lltcl SA l)ttcctot ntcnttoncd tlint
“won: pcoplc |t.t\c ntxtttutttcd" th.tl
Iic his .1 "big sccicl t'.itclt ol lllttllc)
sootcttltctc." But [ohm lt'llllt'tl \licll
ttllcgttitons. \ccotdtngto/.t|nn."it‘s
n Nltllillltlll nhctc at the bcgtttntng ol
tIic scntcstcr ilici'c‘s .t lol titorc
tttoncy tlnttt ttlntt you occtl kicking
around. bttl _\ott‘\c got to hotlch
yourself so lillli ul tltc cud of that
scmcsicr you've got a .ythutg lclt ttt
till."
l’idlcr indicated lillll SA had been

changing |-SA tnlct'cst on tIic form an
n t'ntc thnt tins otic hull of onc per-
ccnt loucr thttn lhc pi'inic rulc on
book Ionns. /.;t|ttn suid tltttl lhctiiosl
rcccnt rntc SA nus churging tins it
| 2'. ttltc pi‘itnc tntc \ttts‘)’. ). l'his
ligtttc docs lillcllllllc‘.

i‘itiicl‘ stud tlittt SA is pt'cscntly
looking ittto tltc possibility of iii—
icsting tIic lonn llltillC) into n kcr—
tilicntc of dcposit. llc coniincnicd.

“Al the pi'cscnt tittic ccrtil'ictttcs of ‘

ticpthll nt'c gotiig at (t', to (ii/5W.
llict‘t‘c L‘.\|)L’CiCtl to go tip to H "i
this \lllillllcl. Wc c.\pccl liltll inthc
long l‘llll \tc'll bc doing better tliuti
\tc were doing with l‘SA ttnd FSA
will bc doing worsc tlintt thcy wcrc
dottig with us."

llourd ll clinics?

:\ hill nus pusscd \k’cdncsdny
night It) L'cnlt‘nl ('ouncil to check
Illltt .l ptmthlc \_\.\lt.‘lll ol gittng
rchtttcs to tltc pcttplc “it” “ill illl)'C
llll p.t\ lot tlic honttl tnct'cttscottt of
iiit.‘ lo.tn iilttllt‘)

iltc |o.tn \\.l\ ottgtnttllt lllkcli ottt
ol llic \iltlcttc ‘\ti\lhttl} llottrd stir-
pln». I1 \\.ts pnid hack into lltc AAIi
\utplns tlltlllllli. howctci. i'ltliUl' iti-
tilidlL‘tl lil.tl “litt‘ ,‘\.’\ii stnpluscttn bc
llt'.llt‘tl tn IllL' ounc- no) its any other
|llt‘|lL'\ llt.ti \tc ilil\L‘ ttt tIic ctncrgcn-
c_\ \pt-ndtng ltncor thcgcttcrttl funds.
t.'\t‘|l though it silly» in illlllliliclicilc-
count." i‘ltliL'l added. “We‘re itot rip-
ping oll nny ntoncy that they‘ve (the
AM!) hccn spcnding. Wt: fch if we
find it better use for it than AAB.
thcn we're going to use it for
stilllL'lllillg inlL'i' tiitut AAB. We
spcnt AAti money of Five Quad uttd
NYl’lRG this year.“

  
 
   
    
    
  
  

 

,2
\f/
‘L
r:

t
i

i.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        
  

