a; .z'; 

..... we: _. .._. so;

. cow—x

Former. Senator Eugene  
Carthy. an Independent candidate
for the'ptesidcncy of the-United

.States.‘ will lecture on “Books That .

Should Change the World: The
Feminine Mystique by. Betty
Friedan” at State University of New
York at Albany in Lecture Center 7
at I pm. on Friday, March 7. Mr.
McCarthy will speak beforeacourse
in American studies and the public is
invited to attend.

The former senator, who has
published six books. now is writing
one entitled “America Revisited”—
contrasting America at the time of

.
-Akne_ .
Alex de Tbcqrtevlllt’e visit and
America today. McCarthy also

teaches at the New School for Social
Research, New York.

McCarthy retired from the Senate
in I970, at the end of I his second'

term. Since that time he hastaught
university courses in politics.
literature. and history and has lec-
tured to groups throughout the
country. He also has written inany
essays and articles for such
publications as j'“Commonweal“
“The Center Magazine.” “The Na-
tion." and "The New Republic."

. , Stimulate
I retell; v r  ‘ '
_ Doeo,_Wiﬂhmi sonssysthat‘
a new study of ratsit‘ifto  '

cities has found that up to 77 percent
of the rodents alive developed a
natural immunity to the most potent
of rat poisons. The doctor ays that
some large mutants can now
produce their own vitamin K. a
blood-thickening agent that com-
bats the most effective rat poisons

As the result of a bill passed at last
Wednesday's Central Council

' meeting, the student tax referendum.

originally scheduled to be held this
week, has been postponed until Spr-
ing general elections.

 

For that matter,

- t .
too (,tnrr

omit. Itoou
u . m

“mum
.i. III

is served by CDTA. And on a lovely spr
walk. It’s that near to downtown.
At last . . . after every long day at work. you can get away to your
place in the country. At Ten Broeck Manor.
1. 2. and 3 bedroom apartments. including every major appliance.
Living rooms with cathedral ceilings. Each apartment has it's own
private patio or balcony.

For information call 465-244

Ltosr r

Relax after
Go hometo the country . . . in Albany!

In five easy minutes you can be home . . . in the Country . . . at
Ten Broeck Manor.

Ten Broeck Manor is living in the country —— without the pressure
and expense of long rush hour drives.
you won't need to drive at all. Ten Broeck Manor
ing afternoon. you might even

-—

tttottuou
or .w.

 

 

.0 a.

 

.. ,,

l1
7)
o'

llullht. noon
.u . in

Hunt otmt

 

 

 

._ t. -L

— _I
Q An Equal Housing ()ppnrlttnify “t‘l‘l‘ftllllllt‘ilf

"flow on Inuit mm. All I"!!! are tutu/lulrtl crawling In inrnllle.

Modal apartment open Mon.- Fri. 9-5. Sat. 9-3. It Sun. 12-4

 

 

 

 

 

or onto nu ntnooou
mo. Ilt'l'll'

 

 

 

work

9 or (all the Albany Housing Information Center.
The Reneselaer 0 2 bedroom  3

a Elactrlcttyandheatlnctudedlnrant.
nttl ' . Emba' laundry W.

a 24-hour necessity patrol.

a Caramlc tlla baths.

a Landscaped patio and play area.

a Base llna at door.

mu“ BE
u .u .
v

CK
 99

Take lllIl'rIl‘Mt' 'ltl (lint. rl «vat
of Albany". West if can of Album )
to Ftit (- (South Mllllli it‘ll at
light; take nettt lcft onto Nortlr
em Illvt|.-. right onto North Murr-
ning Illul.; ltt right onto Lurk
Stu-ct; pan Ten Ilrocck ll; kit
on Colonic Stu’t‘t: follow sight to
Model Apnrtmctrr. E-I.

 

 

 

ALGIERS (AP) Ministers of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries appeared at odds Monday over how to keep prices high as surplus
acctunulate in the face of declining consumption in the West.

Informed sources said the discord among oil. ﬁnance and foreign ministers
was over whether to setk a general production cutback or to allow prices and
output to be determined by market forces.

BERLIN (AP) A WestGermanjetliner landed in the South Yemeni cttpitnl
of Aden on Monday night seeking asylum for five anarchists freed in ll bid to
save the life of Berlin's kidnapcd Christian Democratic leader. the German
airline Lufthansa said.

A spokesman for the airline said. however. it was not immediately clcur
whether the anarchistswished to remain in South Yemen. rt leftist Slitlc on lhc
southern part of the Arabian peninsula. or whether the plane was onlt
granted permission for a refueling stop.

German police said they had no word on the fate of thc ill’ldllt'lt'tl
politician. Pctcr Lorenz. 52. muyorttl cuttdidntc lttst rcportcd held in it \\‘t-~.t
Berlin hideout.

PIINOM I’EN II. Cambodin (AP) Communist—led insurgcno lll L'tl
Chinese-mode rockets into two crowded sections of I’hnom Pooh and in
ncnrby ttirlicld Monday. killing at least l9 pcrsonszmd tvoundingultoot 3o

It was the heaviest toll of casualties in the Khmer Rougc‘s ttt'o-month
shelling campaign against the isolated Cambodian cupitul. 'l'hc city is cut on
from the outside world by rottd and river. surviving on u U.S.-linunccd ambit
of ammunition. fuel and rice.

(AP) Egypt's semiofficiul newspaper AI Ahrttm indicated on Monday llt.tl
Egypt is so sure of reaching agreement on a second stage lsrncli \Vllhtll';t\\.t|
from Sintti that it is trying to obttrin internationalgunrantccs for on ovct -:t1l
Middle East scttlcmcnt.

Egypt initiated the move because it believes the ncxt step after the cxpcctul
success of Secretary of State Henry A. Kissingcr‘s next round of MlthllC l‘nxl
talks beginning Friday wil deal with at ﬁnal settlement of thc Midtllc l-;t~t
crisis. Al Ahrum said.

WASHINGTON (AP) Many abuses in American nursing homes con bc
laid to doctors treating elderly patients.by..telcphpnc. with rare pcrsotml
visits; uccordlng toa Scnatc subcommittee report rclcttscd Sunday.

"’l'hc hard. cold fact is that nursing homes suffer from the luck of mcd'tcul
care and supervision.“ the report said. “What patient care there is. isgivcn b_t
nurses. In the end 80 to 90 cr cent of the cure is given by untrained hides and
ordcrlics. . ."

WASHINGTON (AP) When President Ford vetoes the bill which would
block his oil import tariff bikes for 90 days. he will delay for 60 days his
scheduled two monthly SI-a-bttrrcl boosts. White House sources indicntctl
Monday.

Fui'thcnnorc. these sources indicated. Ford will at that time— Tuesday
also defer for 60 days his equally controversial plan to remove price controls
on domestic crude oil April |.

The goal ofboth delay actions would be to give Congres time to prod ucc no
energy program.

WASHINGTON (AP) William T. Coleman was confirmed today by titt-
Scnutc as Sccretury of Transportation. He is the second black in US history
to hold a cabinet post.

A Philadelphia uttorncy. Colcmun succeeds Claude S. Brincgttr in tltc
transportation post. Brincgttr has resigned. Colcmnn was confirmed by voicc
vote. without dcbtttc.

LOS ANGELICS (AP) A perjury chttrgc ttguinst former White HUIISC uidc
John I). Eltrlichman was dismissed today. A prosecutor said further
proceedings against Ehrlichmttn would bc “rm cxtcnsivc and time-consuming
ucl of vcngcuncc."

The request for dismissal by Dist. Atty. .loscph Ilusch had been expected
since last week.

in dccidirtg to drop thc churgc. Ilusch bud suid. “I fch that it is itt thc bust
interest ol‘justicc nnd tuxpttycrs‘ money not to go forward with thc triul hctc
irt view of Ebrlichmttn's conviction and scntcncing in two Washington. |).t'..
trials."

I.()S ANGELES (AP) Linda McCartney. the wife of cx-llctulc I’ttul
McCartney. was bookcd Monday for investigation of marijuana posscssion.

Police said Mrs. McCartney. .13. was with hcr ltusbund und thrcc
cltildrcn two girls and u boymwhcn they stopped it |974 silver l.lllCllllI

Continenttrlshortly ultcr midnight Sunday when it I'nilcd to stop at n rcd light
Whilc ofliccrs talked to Paul McCttrtncy. who was driving. lltcy stud tltct
rtoticcd “at strong smell of burning murijuunu" emanating from thc cur.

A scorch turned up six to eight grunts of marijuana,enough for about Itttn
mlll'ljllilnil cigurcttcs. in Mrs. McCurtncy‘s ptn'sc.

NICW YORK (AP) State Supreme Court Justice Hyman Kor'n Mttlltlil)
tll‘tlLIL‘tl striking truck drivers buck to work to the Daily News and thrcntcocd
to hold their uniotr prcsidcnl in contempt if his order is lloulcd.

Out of court. ttniort lcudcr Curl Levy said he would ditch thc mun to go
buck. but wltcrt nskcd if they would comply with his ortlcr. suid.“No. not to it
million yutrs.“

Mcttnwhilc. tlrcncwspupcrprcpttrcd to go to ptcsswilh l'ucsduy‘s editions.
a spokesman said.

lltc WllllCill strike Sunday night ptcvcntcd the News, the mttion‘s lnlgcsl
circulation newspaper. from gctting otll Monday's editions.

ALIIANY. N.Y. (AI’) (iov. lltrgh ('urcy‘s bid to get on tmrncdiutc. SI lll
nnllion appropriation to keep the slate Urbuu Develop tncnt Corp. running
:tppcurcd bogged down in thc lcgisltuurc Monday.

l.ctttlcr's of both houses expressed gcncrul ugrccmcnt with the itlcn of un
illljlltlllrlllllf)". but difl'ct'cd with the governor over various (lulilllS. Tilt!
gowrttor wns pressing for uction by the cntl of thcduy. but thcdisugrccmcnts
uppmrctl to stand itt the way of that.

 

PAGE rwo

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MARCH 4, 1975

 

staid
t

, . i . I I “m
The housing exchange board ls expected to provide lntormatlon to students Iooltlng tor on-

campus residences.

Housing Board Established

by Mike Plekarsltl

A housing exchange board. the
ﬁrst of its kind on this campus. will
be available for commuter reference
after the upcoming vacation. accor-
ding to Off Campus Student Co-op
(OCSC) Director Robin Shuster.
The board will be only one ofsevcral
projects irndertaken by the Student
Association-funded committee in its
efforts to alleviate some of the
problems faced bythe SUNYA com-
muter. she said.

The board itselfwill be located on
the first-floor of the Campus Center.
possibly underneath the ballroom.
and will consist ofinformution cards
concerning off-cumpuamesidcnccs.
The cards will list ttvnilnblc apart—
mcnt rooms with their correspon-
ding priccs and may contain some
comments on tltcirovcrull ‘Livcabili-
ty.“

Shustcr explained that the board
will be divided into four major sec-
tions: one each for north. east. south.
and west Albany. Each section will

be further divided into bus line rou-
tes (whether or not the SUNY buses
will pass that area) and into pricings
for the individual apartments.

The housing board will be similar
in format to the ride board of the
Campus Center and will be just us
conspicuous and accessible. promis-
ed Shuster. The cards will probably
be entitled something like “Tenant
Wanted“ and “Tenant Available."
along the lines of "Ride-Rider
WAntcd“ in operation now on the
Ride Board.

Although the apartment board
will be something of a novelty to
SU NYA students. it is not elsewhere.
“Other colleges have it.“ said
Shustc5r.‘ t til-Binghttmton.
Georgetown. and Buffalo have it and
it's very successful. Idon'tknow why
we haven‘t done something like this
before!"

Information on rented uprtttmcnts
in thc Albunynrcu is now bcingcom-
piled by the OCSC Committee. but
tltc director is hoping for assistance

 

 

‘ Fundralser for
Mo Carthy's ‘76 Presidential Campalgn
for the
Independent Party

March 7 a! 7:30 pm
Charming Hall. 405 Washington Ave.
(111 Robin)

Meet Gene McCarthy there
Wine & Cheese - Donation-Sm

For info. call cithcr 7-4435 or 684—9605

 

 

’ édﬁbﬁééédsMﬁﬁﬁéQﬁde-f

Independent Candidate for
President in I976

 

 

EUGENEJJ
MCCARTHY

 

 

*Qééééééééﬁﬂéﬁéﬁéebéﬁﬁédy

C
8-

MARCH 4, 1975

will speak on

‘Books That Should
Change the World:

Betty Friedan’s
The Feminine Mystique’

MARCH 7. 1975 1:10 pm

LECTURE CENTER 7

ADMISSION FREE ALL ARE WELCOME ‘
Sponsored by Dept. of American Studies‘

ceeeeceseeeceeececa

eeeeeeoeeeeeeeeeceeae

from the commutersthcmselvcs. She
expects to have the off-campus
students furnished with “rating
sheets“ to accomplish that end.

If a student has had an apartment
and is leaving. Shustcr hopes he will
be kind enough to fill out these
sheets giving his opinion of the living
conditions; including an assessment
of the landlord. These ratings will
give a prospective renter a better
basis of evaluation. she feels.

Cooperation on the students‘ part
will be a major factor in the success
of the board. she continued. “If
students will cooperate by adver-
tising the fact that they are leaving
their apartments (if. indeed. that is
the cttsc). even if they’re not
renting it. it will help us corr-
sidcrubly.“ Bill the commuter will be
under no obligation to advertise or
fill ottt the (onus against his will. she
explained.

The apartment board is only onc
port of the OCSC‘s overall plan to
assuage the commutcr's problems.
“We hope to try and solve a lot oftltc
commutcr problems in the next few
years." said Shustcr. “Housing is the
main problem right now but we hope
to expand to hclp students in all
uspccts of off-campus housing."

Currcntly thc committcc is
finishing up its “survival manual“
which should soon be accessible to
the commuter. It will attempt to give
the user hints and tips on off-campus
lifc; “sort of ttn ‘Evcrything you
wanted to know about off-armpits
living‘ book.“ she Sttld.

aooaaaao

The city of Chicago sttys it is
negotiating for thc Sillc ol'slx tnillion
tons of scwngc sludgc to Ghana for
use us fcrtilwcr. and I’ctmsylvuniu is
working out it similar dcul with of-
l'iciuls in the Bahttmus(ZNS)

 

 

 

 

 

by Lhdl'l’rled I ' .
Two representatives ~ from th
Schenectady chapter of the National
Organization of Women (N.0.W.)
spoke at SUNYA lastThursdayon
the Equal Rights Amendment. Ms.
Ann Booth. a former British citizen.
has studied the iSsucs involved for
the past two yeurs. ‘

Assisted by Ms. Linda Hart. Ms.
Booth informally outlined the facts
and misconceptions concerning the
E.R.A. The primary purpose of this
amendment is to make women legal
persons under the United States‘
Constitution. The federal E.R.A.
passed overwhelmingly in the House
and Senate. but can not be enforced
until ratified by thirty eight states.
When four additional statcsjoin the
thirty four that have voted the
amendment in. there will be a two
year period during which cvcry state
must bring its laws into compliance.

One major misconception held by
E.R.A. opponents. Ms. Booth
pointed out. is that under the umcnd-
ment rape laws will be invalidated.
Rather. she explained. they may be
broadened to include protection for
men against sexualassault. Another
fear the opposition has is of women
being drafted. The present Constitu-
tion contains no provision cxcmp-

" ting women from thedrat‘tho'r‘rthts'

respect nothing would change C

cerning alimony and child support.; u

both {would be awarded on them

of need. Already in New York State.

alimony is available to men.

A ‘ very convincing argument
presented by Ms. Booth regarded
overtime laws. As the laws now
stand. women are not permitted to
work over It ccnain number of
hours. This means that in some
higher paying jobs they are unable to
Work as much as a man and as a
result. are often not'promoted.

E.R.A. Passage .. 

The New York State E.R.A. passm
ed in the State Assembly l28 to l5.
However. Ms. Booth continued.
groups such as A.W.A.R.E. ahd
H.O.T.D.0.G. have begun lobbying
against it. The amendment will be
brought to public hearings on March
II. If it passes in the State Senate.
the amendment will go to the voters
in November.

Ms. Booth‘s talk was sponsored
by the SUNYA Women‘s Liberation
Group. Due to an unfortunate lack
of publicity. the meeting was sparse-
ly amended. Representatives of both
sexes were present. all of whom
t'cspondcd enthusiastically to Ms.
Booth's appeal for support.

Seminars to Start

'l‘wo month-long scminttrs on
current world problems are being
offered this summer at the Institute
of World Affairs in Salisbury.
Connecticut. Both seminars are
open to uppcrclassmcn and graduate
students from America lll'ld foreign
universities. purticulurly to tncu and
womcrt interested in curccrs in
cduczttion. public scrvicc rtnd
intcrnulionul rcltttious. l’urtiul
scholarships an: available to
qualified applicants.

The first seminar front June 2 to
July 3 will dcul with current
intcnttttionul rclutions bctwccn thc
U.S.. Wcstcrn Europc rind thc Soviet
Bloc and will be dircclcd by
Professor Ronald 'l‘icrsky of
Amherst College. Students will
cxuminc such matters its USA. -
U.S.S.R. dctcntc. East-West
relations in the light of the oil crisis.
and Amcricu and thc Soviet Union
vis-o-vis the Third World.

The second scmimt r frorn July 7 to
A ugust 7 will be hcttdcd by l’rol‘cssot‘
Lorry Bowman of the University of
Connecticut. It will consider
rcltttions bctwccn dc\clopcd und
dcvcloping countr'ics with respect to

problcnts such ilS the energy crisis.
the food shorttrgc. ovcrpopulution.
and the Law of the Seat.

I'hc Institute program will include
opportunities for discussions with
cmincnt guest lecturers and
international scholars. Each grottp
will visit New York to mcct with
officials of thc Unitcd Nations and
other orgttniytttions.

Heart of the Berkshires

Now lll its fifty-lust ycur. the
Institute first bcgrtn in (icncvn.
Switzerland. thcn moved to its
prcscnt location in I94 I . Situutcd oh
it lukc lit the heart ol tltc Bcrkshircs.
the Institute has it 300 ucrc cumpus
with modern dormitories and sports
facilities. l'hcrc urc mam musical.
drtncc and summer thcutrc groups in
lhc vicinity. Including 'l'uugicnood.
site of summer conccrts of the
Boston Symphony. the .lucubs
Pillow bu‘llct lltczttrc. and the
summer pluyltouscs III Stockbridgc
and Shuton. ‘

l‘or information rcgttrdittg
admission and fccs tvritc Mr. John
1.. Kuhn. lixccuthc Director.
lnsituttc of World Affairs.
Salisbury. Connccticut 06068.

 

 

only a few spaces left...

$53 to.

l 7 days - 6 nights at the brand new Holiday inn
on the beach Round trip deluxe motorcoach

$59 NYC-DAYTONA-NYC March 28 - April 5

calljnow: Albany State Travel Club
457-4000 or 457-4024

Daytona
Beach

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

pass THREE

 

 

M-¢~A--_.M, _...... .

. .. m..- _. .........~‘,,_.
r.- ‘ a s   . w";

 

 

 

 

 

 

