  
   
 
   

 
 
   

  

  
   
   
 
  
   
  
  

   
 

ammo; maneprsrssm“ ..‘

   
       
     
        
   
     
     
        
   
     
     
    
      
   
    
   
     
    
  
   

l

w...»

-__‘m..__..... 4 _W
\<<,.  _ _ .3»: . .,

.3 5:...

was,“
w- .~

‘ 'snil Paulie-ice. »

Alger Hiss. a {high ranking
member of the‘StateDepartntent
during the Roosevelt and Truman
administrations. who had a brilliant
career cut short when he was con-
victed of perjury in. I949 after being
accused of being a Communist by
the then Congressmen Richard Nix-
on. will be speaking on Me-
Carthyism then and now on
Wednesday. April 23. The lecture
will begin at 8 pm. in the Campus
Center ballroom. The event is being
sponsored by Speakers Forum and
admission is free with a tax card and
ﬁfty cents without.

Hiss was a boy wonder of sorts.
He was a graduate of John Hopkins
University and Harvard Law school.
He was a law clerk for the legendary
Supreme Court Justice Oliver
Wendell Holmes. He went to
Washington at the age of 28. He

attended the Yalta Conference with .

Franklin Roosevelt. His many high
government positions included assis-
tant to the assistant secretary of
State and at the time of his indict-
ment. President of the Andrew Car-
nagie Foundation for International
Peace.

Hiss was accuscdlin I949 by Whit-
taker Chambers. a Time magazine
editor and self-professed Com-
munist himself. of having passed
classified state department
documents to Chambers. Hiss
denied Chamber's accusation. The
weight of Chambers accusation on
Hiss rested upon what came to be

wn as the 1Mpkin tapes.”
Whifhkei' Chambers hid hollow-

  

ed out a pumpkin in his backyard in

which he had stored away a set of
microfilrns of classified statede'part-
merit documents. He subsequently
made the claim that Alger Hisa had
given them to him. The FBI upon in-
vestigation asserted that the
documents were typed on a
typewriter owned by Alger Hiss.
Character Witnesses.
Though Supreme Court Justice
Felix Frankfurter and then
Secretary of State Dean Acheson
testiﬁed as character witnessa on

Alger Hi-‘a bdtal his (fir! trial
resulted ina hung'ptry, Hiss‘sncond
tr‘ulresulted in'a conviction oftwo
counts of perjury. ' ' '

All abngthe way.thefrenticvoice
of Richard» Nixon. Congreaman
from California. was pushing for
Hiss’s conviction. .Ioe McCarthy
soon after the hndmark Hisa case
released his red tenor on the coun-

try.

As for Alger Hiss. he served
several years in prison. The
Massachusetts Bar Association has
recently'consented to review his
application for readmission.

 

 

Albany State isone of ISOcampuses around the nation selected to receives
free travel magazine. A merlca: The Dotrun Student Travel Guide. now in its
second year of publication, contains information. ideas and suggestions for
low-budget student travelers interested in finding unusual points of interest
to visit in the U.S.

One million copies of the 72-page travel guide will be distributed around
the country from late March through May. The SUNYA Alumni
Association will give free copies of the magazine to students here on a ﬁrst—
come, ﬁrst-served basis at the campus center during the beginningof May.

This year a large part of America was written by students themselves.
Articles by three winners in the I975 Datsun Student Writing Competition
are featured. Also included are seven award-winning advertisements
designed by students in a national advertising contest and chosen through
on-campus test marketing.

Descriptions of six different adventure trips—from backpacking to a
whitewater canoe trip-comprise “Outdoors Getaway.“ an article which
helps students visualize what such action trips are like and plan theirown.

To introduce students to America's northern neighbor. is province—by—
provincc tour of Canada is featured. with information on Canada's cities,
sights. customs, and currency.

Other features include “Sun Sources: A directory of Student Bches."
“Cheap Thrills: a Collection of Free or Inexpensive Things To Do in IS
Cities." and “Radioland U.S.A.." a coast-to-coast list of AM and FM
stations. y' "l “M 

YOU’RE WEARING
CONTACTS.

WE CAN MAKE THE
WEARING EASIER.

 

It’s a lot easier
than having to use
4 different solutions.

There are two
good ways to buy
'Ibtal'— the 2 oz.
size and the 4 oz.
size.’Ibtal° 2 oz. has
a free. mirrored lens

 

A lot easier. storage case. and the new economy
You know that taking care of 4 oz. size saves you 25%.

your contact lenses can be a real 'Ibtal' is available at the

hassle. campus bookstore or your local
You have to use a solution for drugstore.

wetting. Another one for soaking. And we're so sure you’ll like

Still another one for cleaning. And
maybe even another one for cushioning.
But now there’s 'Ibtal.‘ The
all-inone contact lens solution that
wets. soaks, cleans and cushions.

 
 
 
  
 
  

Available at:

'Ibtal' that we’ll give you your second
bottle free. Just send a'Ibtal' boxtop
with your name, address and college
name to:

Total. Allergan
Pharmaceuticals
2525 Dupont Drive
Irvine. California 92664
(Limit one per person.
Offer expires
July 31. 19/5.)

rounqu ‘I'III WEARING EASIER.

Hana-n Phat-new
Wooten: Avon-o

——.__—.—-——...-——

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

. ‘lil‘ll" fint]; 'i'i-HI I'd/‘- l-t

W8 BRIEFS

International

t BANGKOK Thalhstl (AP) - Many of the thousands of Cambodians who
fled to Thailand were reported going home. Sources in Paris said some
important personalities in the fallen government left the French Embassy in
Phnom Perth and turned themselves over to the Khmer Rouge.

DAMASCUS Syria (AP) - Eritrean rebels claimed Sunday they had
killed l00 Ethopian soldiers. shot down a military plane and destroyed Ix
vehicles last week in their seccessionist campaign against the government of
Ethopia.

Eritrea. a former Italian colony on Africa‘s east coast. was tineitcd by
Ethopia's deposed Emperor Haile Selassie in I962. The rebels have been
waging a guerrilla war against the Ethopian government to gain
independence for their Red Sea province.

SAIGON (AP) - President Nguyen Van Thicu quit Monday to pave the
way fora political settlement of the victnam war. but the move was seen as
probably too late to keep the Communists from taking the country by force.
In fact. Thicu and others predicted more bloodshed ahead as Nortlt
Vietnamese and Viet Cong force massed almost at the gates of Saigon,

   
 
 

 

' Thieu's resignation. in a tearful. nationally televised address that included it

bitter denunciation of the United States. removed at least a major symbolic
obstacle to anegotiated settlement in South Vietnam. But some U.S. of f ICItlIS
were not convinced it would lead to talks.

National

WASHINGTON (AP) - A $330 million military and economic aid bill for
South Vietnam was approved bya House committee Monday after Scci‘cttiry
-‘of State Henry A. Kissinger testified the money is needed to negotiate "it
humane solution" to the war. Aftcrthc testimony the committee tlppl‘uvcd to
to I an appropriations bill including $l65 million military aid for South
Vietnam amd Sl65 million humanitarian aid; ‘ 

WASHINGTON (AP) - Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger told
congressmcn Monday that illd for South Vietnam is still nccdcd lot
negotiations “avoidinga battle for the city of Saigon if that could cl'l'cclivcl)‘
be done.“ Kissinger refused to give details on what negotiations would
involve. but did tell the House Appropriations Committee thttt “onc of IIlL‘
objectives would be to bring about the most humane solution.“

WASHINGTON (AP) - President Ford‘s military iidviscrs told
Congressman Monday that South Vietnam is no longer militarily dcl'cnsiblc.
but morc military aid could bring it negotiated end to the lighting llttt
military aid could bolster the will of the South Vietnamese to fightnndiluo
win a negotiated scttlcment rathcr than an abrupt takeover.

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Supreme Court refused to become involth
Monday in Louisvillcand Indianapolis desegregation cases that could lend to
busing of students between the cities and their suburbs. The action mcun‘
that a federal court in Louisvillcmtiy reach ocrossdistrici lines il'ticccssnt'y to
dcscgregntc Louisville and Jefferson County schools. The trial court must
procccd immediately to develop a desegregation pltin.

ALBANVI N.V. (AP) - Legislators harshly denounced the SHIN
Correction Commission on Monday. saying the independent “watchdog”
agency has been u bitter disappointment in achieving prison reform.

“Dammit to hell. you‘vc fnilcd." Sen. Robert Garcia. D—Bronx. shouted at
one point to Morton Van llocscn. administrator of the commission.

ALBANV| N.V. (AP) - State Insurance Superintendent Lawrencr
chphcws. who had been working unusually long hours in recent Wt‘cka to
avert a medical malpractice insurance criscs. dicd oftiii apparent ltcttrt ill izit't
ovcmight Sunday in Colorado Springs. Colo.

ALBANVI N.Y. (AP) - Charles R. Gallagher .lr.. suspcndcd director nl
special cduwtion in the Albany schooldistrict. was Sciitcnccd Monday to
three ycttrs in prison on his conviction on it cotiiit of second degree grand
larceny. Albany County Court Judge John (llync imposed scnlcncc on
(inllnghcmwho had been accused of taking more [but SI .400 from the Album
Public School ’l‘c'uchcrs Crcdit Union. (ialltighcr had bccn treasurer of Hit
credit union.

NEW YORK (AP) - A Slfi million upgrading of standards of drc».
nutrition. education. recreation and environment for Willowhrook‘s 3.00”
rctardcd patients was agreed to by the state Monday. to scttlc ti fcdctul
lawsuit. (iov. Ilugh Corey said standards achiuvcd ill the ctilllrtH‘L'fSItII
Staten Island institution. one of nations's hirgcst.cvcnttittlly will bccxlcndctl
statewide til it cost of $40 million.

Local

NEW YORK (AP) Convicch thtcrgnic hitt'glni'lﬁ‘unk SIUI'L'JS 510* ll“
plotted to assassinate Fidel Castro in 1959 while working with the (‘IA hill
dropped the plan after failing to get tlic “grccn light“ from Washington. ihr
New York Daily News reported Sunday. He said ltc stttlglll approval for tho
plan through the U.S. Iiiiibassy in Cubti.tindndtlcd: “They couldn‘t itutkc tIl‘
thicr minds. 'lhcy couldn't decide what to do.“ said Sturgis in llll itttcrvicn
published iii Monday‘s editions.

NEW YORK (AP) - Sen. Iidwnrd Kennedy. l)-Mnss.. is tliconly oncol'sis
Democratic prcsnlcnliul potentials whose current popularity surpttsscs
President liord. the Harris poll reported Monday. However. two others tn'c
on it par with Ford. Although he has said he will not seek the nomination.
It enncdy ltl favored ovcr Ford in the Harris survey. Most of his vote comes
from persons under 30 and from blacks rather tlutit whitcs.

Compiled by Matt Kaufman

APRIL 22, 1975

 

by Michael Sena

'l‘hc demonstrators wormed their
way down Washington Avenue. It
was it cool. windy. non-dcscript spr-
ing day as .the crowd—mostly
students and recent graduates.
murchcd to the Capitol to protest
giving military aid to Vietnam.

"Jobs At Home Not War Abrond.
Jobs At Home Not War Abrotid.“
l'hcy chunlcd its two policctncu cs-
cortcd thedemonstratorsdowntown
last Friday. Asthc crowd marchcd in
the street. supporters distributed
lcul‘lcts to piisscrs-by. It was close to
twelve o'clock so the sidewalks were
full with shoppcrsnnd sttitc workers
oti lbcir lunch brctik. “Wltzittircthcy
shying anyhow." ti hitndymtin iii a
onc-piccc grccn outﬁt said mocking-
ly. Most of the spectators ignored
the noisy group.

The seventy—live protesters wnvcd
their placards in tltc brisk wind. “Out
Now.“ “Rebuild Victnum." “Long
Down. Thicu To Go." “Anti-War ls
l’cocc Conversion."

An old man with u bltlck French
bcrct. yellow turtleneck. and a Peter
I‘nlk ruincont carried a sign which
read. "Food Not Bombs. Medicine
Not Marines." He stood out from
the young crowd. "I want to protest
our continual presence in Vietnam.“
he said. “I don‘t want to use troops
for anything. People will be safer
that way. I‘m in favor of using
money to undo what we did in Viet-
niim though I don‘t trust the way
Ford would use it. Aid should be fur-
iiishcd through the American
Friends of Communism. or the Un—
itcd Nations." Hc smilcdnt meas the
crowd approached the Capitolstcps.

From an unknown source bells
chimed. it was noon. As the
demonstrators gathered and
prcpttrcd to licnr the scheduled
spcttkcrs. on-lookcrs curious about
tlic commotion pttl'kcti themselves
on benches.

“No. no.“ it man who sat on the
bcnclt surrounding the cqucstrinn
monument of Phillip Henry
Slicridun muttered. when liiskcd for
his comments. Waving his hands he

Demonstrators

  
  
       
    
  

 

t... »

scurried away.

“Everyone is aware of the futility
of the cause—eit‘s only a half-assed
gesture." Naomi Fricdlandcr.
Albany State student said. “As we
wcrc marching you cotild see people
were just mouthing the words.“ “I
wasn't even chanting.“ her friend in-
terrupted. “It‘s just it token gcsturc.
really." Fricdlundcr remarked.
“We‘re just laughing tit ourselves."
Fricdltindcr and hcr two friends
soon left.

Others. however. wcrc more op-
timistic. or tit lcnst felt they httd to
sttiyto show sonic symbolic opposi-
tion to inilitiiry tiid to Victntim. (icnc
Dumnt. n pnrt-timc grttd student at
S LIN VA is an old-linnd tit
demonstrations; “l‘vc bccit part of
the anti-war movement since the
‘60‘s. The witrhiis iicvcrciidcdwso l
ncvcr stripped being part of the
tnovcmcnt. I think it's important
that we have a demonstration bcl'orc
wc intervene in Victntim agttin. not
after. . 

“Stcnling bubics...Humiinitarian
aid...Budgct...Ntttional year‘s tirtn
sales...0utcry.“ ti woman speaker
bcllowod from the state legislature's
steps.

“Congress and Ford want to rein-
troducc thousands of troops into
Vietnnmigthcrc‘sa possibility they‘ll
be lighting both South and Vict~
nnmcsc people.“ said Damm. “With
troops there'll be more fighting.
more death. inorc destruction.“ said
the balding. bearded protester.

A large white sheet with the
Words. “Solidarity With The Vict-
niimcsc People‘s Struggle For
Libcrtttion" served as the mascot of
the protest. The sign thundered in
the biting afternoon air.

Joc Kraut also is n SUNYA stit-
dcnt. He's one of the defunct breed
of activists who is always protesting
something. “I see the problem as
tnorc than Indochinawit's tlic
polineal-imperialist system of the
United States. Wc‘i'c wasting money
on the military that could be used for
housing. unemployment. and the en-
vironmcnt.“

 
 
 
 
 

   
  

“Beginning iii I965 with the step-
up in thc wurourcconomy started to
fall.“ another speaker said.

“I‘m disappointed that more peo-
ple zircn't concerned enough about
what's going on in Victnttni. More
work has to bcdonc than marching."

“We were supposed to have lost
China to.thc Communists.“

“...As we continue putting money
into the destruction of Victnom~
with Thicu it‘s fairly obvious we
can‘t win thcrc. Wc‘vc wasted our
resources when they could be used
for constructive things."

The protesters began to thin out as
the chilly wind roared. The by—
standers lost interest. and they too
began to dispcrsc.

An old woman. however. remain-
cd. She was there before the
protesters arrived and would remain
long after they left. Most likely shc is
there every day. Shc was dressed in
typical Brighton Beach nttirci scarf.

buggy stockings. and an un-
fitshionnble over-cont. “I do think
it‘s ti shame that we‘re sending our
moncy over there when we need it
here. You know. I‘m rctircd.“ she
said to me its l kncclcd next to her
with my nicnio ptld.“Wc should take
care of our people ovcr hcrc~ we
don‘t have dcccnt places to live in.
there‘s poor children over here.“

“The United States with no
rcgnrd...retains troops on Taiwan
provini. ...Slinngai commiquc...“
said Mike Howard.

"...Stuff is so high—you can‘t buy
it. Priccs arc so high.“shc cotnpltiin-
cd.

At one p.m. thc demonstration
ended. The crowd sctittcrcd :tsqttick-
ly us it had come together. A few
strugglch remained. btit basically
the bcnchcs wcrc reclaimed by titt-
Iookcrs.

A young man with brown litiirtind
it handlebar moustache sat alone on

   

the Sheridan monument. Stcvc
Muse had that all-American I00k.tls
if he should be on T/It' ll'u/tmis.
Referring to the protest. he snid. “I
think thcy have tltcir priorities mix-
cd up. The first priority is to get
straight with (iod. He‘s tltc one that
picks the kings and rulers. You can‘t
have cxternul pcthL‘ without pcucc
within ----~thttt‘s it contradiction. How
can you tell anyone about peace on-

, less you have it inside your liciirt‘.’

That‘s hypocrisy. 'I used to bc in-
volved its itctivclyas thcsc‘pcoplc but
I changed with my experience with
Christ." Must: sat contetttcdly on ilic
wooden bcnch.

lly now. cvcryonc btid lclt. 0n
Washington A\cntic thc sidewalks
were full witlt shoppch and stoic
workcrs returning from their lunch
brcnk. As | lcll tlic Capitol. llic old
woman “us still pcrchcd tip on her
seat. Shc limply sniilcd til the and
said good-bye as I left.

SUN YA Hosts Women’s Weekend Activities

by Linda li‘ricd

April lit initrkctl llic first day of
Women‘s chkcitd. sponsored by
tlic SIINYA Women's Libcrtition
(irottp. l'lic thrcc day tifl'nir was in—
iiitiicd with il communal dinner iii
tltc Iluintinilics Lounge. Ap-
proxitniiicly tliirly women and two
or ilitcc incti attended the
smorgasbord. cticlt bringing it [)IilCc
suiting :tloiig \\lIIl tl contribution to
tltctncttl. Illclt‘cllltgstll lilcllttl'ltll'll)’
ptcsctii were its onc woman cx-
p t'cnsctl. “I licic was it nicc \ni'icly ol
Ittilti and il Il'lL‘lltIi) tittnosphcic."
\tiotlict wotnttn's two on» not us
ptct.tlci1l.Slicicinuikctl.“Iliconli
pittlilciit is. llicic's Illt'll hcic "

llt .\ liblilt‘ ltniiigcnuscotnplctw
It lnll. nttlt .lllllllltl \L‘\L‘llb\ \itlltlt‘ll
.ind lcii incn uniting to L‘ll|U_\ tlic
( tillt'clioitst' \\ltilc lltc pciltitincrs
\L'I up, \\utiintt l’ouci lwlniis.
booklets. and iclicsltnictiis “Clt‘
sold. Unc nointtn putcltusctl at I-
will” \tl\ltl)l. "I don‘t how much
tnonm Icll. btii I'd like to \pL‘llti II on
mnicilitttg \tottlittlnlc.“ lltc lights
tilllllllL‘ti. ontl IIlL' ln'si ilk'l \tns nit»
lltlllllk't‘li

i'llil (‘ticlc is t'titttposcd ol an very
inlctitcd noincit \tlto lintc bccn
ilililcttl'illg togctlict lot so months.

APRIL 22, 1975

Hwy prescntcd u variety of skits.
songs. and poetry concerning
currcnt social problems. Some
topics covered were the job shortngc
for women. the difficulties ex-
pcricnccd iii seeking public
assistance. and the changing of old
views as presented in n witty fairy

tale scqncncc.

Following Full Circle was guitar
playing and singing by thrcc scpnrntc
performers. Onc. (ilorin .Ican. when
risked if her rcpcrtoirc was mostly
about women. replied. “I sing about
life. and women have to do with
every aspect ol'lifc. so in It way. it is.l

L magma, . »
l‘

 

pick my favorite songs by authors.
botlt female and male."

Men were vciy niuclt in tlic
minoritan tlic coffeehouse. bill they
did not tippcnrto bcdiscom for tcd by
that. One man who came bcctiusc Iic
kiicw otic ol' tltc performers. observ-
cd. “I fch comfortable here. I‘m cn-

State Senator Carol Bellamy bollevea women must get Involved to government policy maklng.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

joying it. 'lltc womcn pcrl‘onitcr‘
ming are making u lot of relevant
points."

On Saturday Woincn‘s \Vcckcnd
rcsiiincd tit noon with it variety of
workshops. ()itc ol them. "Women
and Politics." lcziturcd the
Ilonoi‘nblc Carol Hellnniy. ti state
sctiaiioi' l'rotn Ncn York City.
Scnntor Bellamy told how Silt‘
bccnittc linolvcd in politics bccuusc
slic thought slit: could cfl'cct changes.
Shc Ilit.i\ it \ct'y frustrating though.
“but qucstioncd about the
\\ oincii's I‘nit. slic niiswcrcd.
"Women how to gct into the ad-
lllllllall'illitlll. utto polio) marking.
Iilt' “union‘s l'nti was stiii'tcd by
people \\llll good intentions, bttt it is
lit)“ mostly tl public relations unit
lot whoc\ci Is gmci'nor."

.-\ llltlll in iltc tintltcncc asked the
senator about gcrtytnttntlcring. and
whcihct or iiol shc thought hcr dis-
trict would be redefined tigniii. leav-
ing her without a district. In reply.
Ilclluniy told of her previous cs-
pcricncc with that problem and how
women gct pushed around in such
circumstances. She pointed out.
“llclln Abltlg. Mary Ann Krupsak.
and l httvcull been redistributed out

t‘illllillllt'tf on page jbur

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

