.. _ _.’-. «Mmﬂmww‘w

,<,

. . a»... ,...,..«.r -.-.wom...o...».. ..,“...;.~a.«

 

. .. Mr... r... ﬁ‘va’krll

. hy‘CralgI'ell " v ':

The Albany State lacrosse teain
raised their season‘s record to 3-l
with an impressive 12-7 victory over

‘ the Hartwick Warriors Wednesday.

The game. played under beautiful
sunny skies and a good? sized

Hartwick crowd. saw the teams ex-
change goals for the entire ﬁrst half.
Kevin'l-liliy got Stateofftoa l-O lead
in the ﬁrst quarter as he scored this
ﬁrst of the year. Hartwick who
: ﬁnished fourthin the ECAC tourna-
styearcam right back to knot

the score and then Dennis Walsh
drilled home his sixth goal of the
season to give Albany a 2-t advan-
tage. The lead was short lived as
Hartwick's Bob Leone scored to
make two all at the end of one. The
second quarter was more of the

Lacrosse action In iront oi Colgate's net in Saiurday'scome-lrom-behind 8-6 win. StIekmen have

won two In a row and lace SUNY Conlerence and ECAC power

team Geneseo tomorrow at 2 p. m.

Islanders 4, Penguins 1

by Nathan Salant

Ralph Stewart and Gary Howatt
scored second period goals. and Ed
Westfall and Howatt tallied on the
open net in the third period. as the
New York islanders defeated the
Pittsburg Penguins 4—l last night.
The islanders, losers in the first three

games. ltavc won three straight. The
seventh and final game is tomorrow
night in Pittsburg.

Stewart scored at 4:07 on a Dennis
l’otvin slot feed. l’ittsburg‘s Pierre
Larouche evened matters nine
seconds later on a centering pass
from Bob Kelly.

Women ’3 Track

Seven school records fell as the
Albany State Women‘s Varsity
Track and Field team defeated
Fitchburg and Hartwick in a
triangular meet here at home 'l'ucs-
day. Albany had 78 points to
Fitcbburg‘s 54 and Hartwick‘s 14.

it was an excitingrncct for Albany
fans as the small team. numbering
only it) on Tuesday. took ﬁrst place
in i2 of i4 events. including all the
running events. Anne Mackela of
Fitchburg won thcjavelin and Cathy
Perry won the discus for Hartwick.

Kent: McCormick and Dorcthca
Brown each doubled for Albany and
each wt school records in both their
arms MdJormic‘r. put the shot 39'4".
breaking her own round of 33'472”
and qualrlymg im to compete in the

AIAW National Meet to be held in
May. Her new mark isa track record
as well tisa team record. McCormick
also won the high jump with a new
record of 4'9'A". She held the old
record of 4'7”.

Running against very little com-
petition. Dorethea llrown doubled
in the lot) and 220 yard dusltcs. with
times of [2.0 and 27.3 seconds.
respectively. Her 100 yd. time breaks
.ioyee Mallory's mark of l2.3
seconds which has held since 1972.
The old 220 record record was held
by Connie Trikoukas in 28.4
seconds. 'i'hough breaking two
records, it was a disappointing day
for llrown as she has yet to qualify
for the national meet.

wntr‘nued on page ﬁfteen

 

hols

Danettu passing the baton in relay during Tuesday's double win.
The ladies will be at Cortland tomorrow.

Howatt's first goal (also his first
playoff score) came on a 3-on-2
break led by Bob Nystrom.
Associated Press sources indicated
that Nystrom‘s centering passtipped

'off the stick of Penguin dcfcnsemun

Dennis Owchar. and went right to
the unguarded Howatt who beat
goalie Gary lnnes with a
backhander.

Ed Westl'all scored with 26
seconds left in the game.and i'lowatt
tallied again with one second to play.

The only other team to come from
behind after losing the first three
games in an NHL l’layoffSeries was
the Toronto Maple Leafs of l942
who embarrassed the Detroit Red
Wings in the Stanley Cup Finals of
that year.

Celtics down Rockets

.io .10 White scored a game high of
29 points and teammate John
Havlicek added 28 as the Boston
Celtics defeated the Houston
Rockets l28-l 15 to win their best-of~
seven NBA Eastern Division Semi-
Final series. 4-1.

.’

same, as Leone and Haffner scored
for the Warriors while Hilly and
midﬁelder Fran Brunelle each tallied
for State.

The first half was close as the half
time score indicates. Both teams
played tough defense and there Wasa
lot of hard hitting. Hartwick picked
up six first half penalties (fourteen in
all) as some of the hittingwas not ex-
actly clean. Meanwhile. State again
failed to take advantage of the situa-
tion as they managed but three
scores in fourteen man up situations.

Second half explosion

It was a ﬁred up Great Dane team
that came out to start the second
half. They opened tip with four un-
answered goals and the stunned
Warriors just could not rccovcr.
Howard Bloom opened the
floodgates for State as he picked up
his first goal of the season. He was
followed in rapid succession by Dan
Goggin. Pete Weycamp. arid Goggin
again. For Dan'ny-nll' was goals
number 9 and l0 of the season. He
leads the team in thttt department.

The fourth quarter saw Albany's
ﬁre power continue as they put four
more shots behind a startled
Hartwick goalie. Goal scorers for
State in the fourth quarter included:

Fridisy,~April 25, 1975

Walsh, Hilly, Pete Connor, and Ar-
nie Will.

Coach Armstrong said after the
game that "‘our depth was our
greatest asset. We ran three good
midfields and just worethcm down.

"The defense of Dave Ahonen.
Kevin Murphy. John Adamson.and
Fran Bruneile all looked real good
out there. Bill Jonal (just recovering
from a bout with the flu) was im-
pressive in his few brief
appearances."

State's tough man down defense
gave up only one goal in five man
down situations bringing the total to
a mere two goals that have been
scored against State in twenty nine
man down situations.

Once again Bob Wulkiewiey
sparkled iii the nets as he stopped
Hartwick shots.

Albany has looked impressive all
year long arid is awaiting the illue
K nights of'Gcncseo who are here for
a 2:00 game on Saturday. Gcncsco
was" l2-l last year and was the Divi-
sion in 'ECAC champion.
Defenseman .loe “Moon” Mullen
otrt wiilt a badly sprained ankle will
probably miss Saturday‘s contest.
()tlicnvise the Danes should be at
full strength.

hole '

Hartwick's Marty Moher crosses home plate for the filth time In Danes'
lose Tuesday. Balmen are home Saturday vs. Colgate.

Bats Silent As Danes Lose

by Mike l'lckurski

A leadofl butter is supposed to get
on base and score runs. right‘.’ lint
five times in one gurrte'?‘.‘ Wcll. lltttl's
exactly what happened when

lirrrtwiek's Marty Mohtr r led off live
different innings and tallied each
time to lead his team to a 6-2 \ ictory
over the (irctrt llzriics on Tuesday.
lhc loss left the brrtincn's record at

SPORTS SLA TE

.S'ulurr/uy:

Varsity Lacrosse home vs.
Goneseo 2 pm.

Varsity Baseball home vs.
Colgate (2) 1 pm.

J.V. Baseball at West Point
Varsity Goii at Middiebury
Varsity Tennis at Buiialo U.
tor University Center Chem-
plonshtp

J.V. Tennis home vs. RPI 2

pm.

Varsity Track at Bulian U. for
University Center Cham-
pionship

J.V. Track home vs. H.V.C.C.
11 am.

Women‘s Soltbail home vs.
Oswego and New Poll: 11
am.

2-3 on the spring season. not ill'
eluding the 0-3 southern swing.

.loi'n l)ullard started lor the
Ditties and pitched a line grime ex-
cept for one small detail. lledid not
keep lloltui' till the baselines.

It was almost like clockwork.
Molriir would lead off the odd-
rrurnhercd innings. get on base. and
score a run llrc number nine batter
lit the order. lltrve Ncrit'puss. would
set it up by striking otrt in tire even-
numhercd innings for the last out.

As for the scoring. well. it started
innocently enough. Mttlltll' begun
the game when he reached on an in-
field error. stole second. moved to
third on it wild pitch. and scored on it
bulk. (Dollard walked two in the irr-

mrrtluucrl on page [invert

 

 

Protests Voiced

by Edward Moser

Most of the speakers at yester-
day's demonstration wcrc optitnistic
about the chrinccsol gairiirrgamires-
ty tor the Attica delendrritts. but at
least one orilonker felt differently.

liill 'l'crr'y of Albany. who has
spent 22 years in and otrt ol'prisons.
said ol the protest. "Itdocsti‘t matter
what we think. they'll whitewash
everything . . . You can sqwuk ‘til
you're blue in the lace: that won‘t
make them arrest the Rockefellers."

"i ain‘t dcrtioustrating any more.
Right alter I appeared on a radio
ltllk show to speak on prison cori-
ilrtroris i got arrested on burglary.
Alleged burglary. I guess they
wanted rue off the streets.“

At this point art old man dressed in
buggy culled trousers and a bltte
sailor's cap neared us. llillwhispcrcd
to tire. "l‘ni gonna start an argument
with him,“ 5. “her the old mart had
interrupted tl talk that Atticadcfeii-
dant 'liig lllack' was having with
ttcwsrrtcn by screaming otit “Did
they (the dclcridartts) have tt'ials'!
Did they go to juil'.’ Then what do
tlicy wnrit. a bed ol roses?"

llill wanted revenge. btrt received a
surprise instead. “I just read a hook.
('I‘m-l run] 1 ‘Irrmiu/ .lll.\lft't', " said the
oldstcr." over at the library. lcliarrg-
ed my mind about Attica. 'l'ltos‘c
prisoner's had to go through sortie
really bad conditions." l'ltcrt Ire
proceeded to tell trs how prison
reform was dilfictrlt cvcn iir years
pttsl:

"l‘m 7‘) . . . hack in the ‘Jtis l was
it teacher lll Sing—Sing. l was a
r'clorrrtci too. I wanted to educate
the prisoners. I brought in otrtsrdc
pitilcssors to lecture . . . lltlt the
warden wanted cycryiinc to remain
tlunih."

He then Itlltl its a wcrrd title about
a Jewish boy who lltltl married a
Catholic girl. and. alter the couple
had registered til it Knights of
('olurrrhus to spend the night. the
husband came upon his wife
together \\ Hit it p ricst. and had killed
them both." i irth this some kid iii
193th. alter he had been sent to
prison. One day at class ltc bashed
the left side of my skull in."
Ania/ingly. llill corroborated the
old man‘s story on many concrete
details such as the names ol'judges
and prisons.

later. llrll returned to the subject
ol I‘Cltri’ill‘. " l he only thing lltat‘ll do
any good is to get within the system
and change it. l‘hat‘s why I‘m
educating inysell. l‘ru taking courses
at Schenectady Community
t‘ollegc . . . lhopetobeeonieirCor'-
r‘cctiolrttl Adviser. ‘tlto with two
lclorircs on my record | dotth if
they‘ll let me."

In liullalo. defense attorney
William Ktrnstlcr' said he would
move in court todisrniss tltc murder
cnnvictiorr against his client .lnlirt
liill. rt former Attieti prison irtruatc
fourut guilty ot‘killirrg a guard in the
l97| convict revolt.

 

 

murcus

Above: Demonstrators demand amnesty for the Attica brothers. Below loll: Reverend Moxie Lee
Stroble Smith removed her shoes and said “I walk in bare feet as a symbol at shame of New York
State." Below right: more demonstrators.

MOFCUI

"IG'CUS

SUN YB Organizes For Inmates

by the Associated Press

Students from the State University at Buffalo were
expected to joiti other college students front around the
state in it rally here today supporting the Attica prison
revolt inmates.

Some .100 lluffirlo students were expected to make the
trip in spiteofrrn administrationdecision forbidding use
of student fees to pay for the trip. according to student
organizers.

The 5 | .000 to pay for five chartered bttses from lluf-
tale to Albany and back will come front tin interest-free
louri tirade by the Student Association til the Suite Un-
iversity ill lllnghnmptorr. the organizers said Sunday.

The rnoucy was originally intended to come from St p
300 in ilul‘falo Strident Association funds. which are
collected from student fees. ilut iluffitio president Dr.
Robert Ketter refused to riutliori/c use oi'tlre funds to
iirrirnce the trip.

llis decision triggered ll disturbance til the Buffalo

campus Friday. which left it) students arrested and
seven security guards slightly injured

Kettcr said ire had no objections to the students utteri-
ding today‘s rally. llut he objected to the use of student
fees to finance the trip.

The disturbance til iiuil'tilo carirc Friday when sccut‘i-
ty ol'licers attempted to remove lilt) protesting students
from the school‘s administration building.

Student Association President Michele Smith. at
junior frortr Long islrrrrd. called Ketter‘s decision to
remove the protesters "unwarranted. an overrcuction.
and unnecessary in the circumstances."

Kettcr said the protestor's were preventing otlters
from rising the building. "Anyone crur peacefully
protest. btit they do not haven right to prevent others
from doing what they have it right to do." Kettersttid.

The It) arrested students were temporarily suspended
and a final decision on their cases will be made in two or
three weeks. the school president strid.

Speakers Optimistic

by Randi B. Toler

Students from all over New York
State assembled on ManningSquare
at I2 noon yesterday to voice their
protests about the Attica trials in
Buffalo. The protesters marched
down Central Avenue to gather at
the steps of the Capitol. chanting
"Attica Means Fight Back" and
passing ottt literature to passcrshy'.

At the Capitol building the
demonstrators listened first to llig
lllack. one of the (ii Attica brother's
indicted as a result ol the Attica
rebellion on September l3.i‘l7l.
Forty three men were killed iii the
revolt. most of them inmates who
were shot wlrcrt sttttc troopers retook
the prison under the orders at
(iovernor Rockefeller.

Big lllack shouted to the un-
responsive office of Gmcrttor Carey
that "Amnesty has got to be for
Attica Total!" He told the
protestors that they have got to think
about amnesty. “think about \\ hat is
going on." he shouted to tlrcol'fiec ol
the (inventor. “(iovcrnor I was there
i know whokillcd who I sccn it!“
pleaded Big lllack and the crowd
below answered back with cheers
and applause l'oi'thc Attica brother.

llerinrs Cunningham. a white
lawy-r' Iroru Chicago who has been
worlr r'g for the amnesty of the .-\t-
tica brothers was tlicncxt to speak to
tire crowd. Cunningham stirred tltc
people as he told them "What we‘re
seeing now is the \ rctury of tltc Viet-
namese people met the Arrter'icrrn
iiriperialists, let's lrcc thc Arrtcr'icnn
people from the American int-
pcrurlisrs. \otlting is more precious
than irrdepciitlcnce and ircctlorii.
llic crnric oi .'\illL'tI is Attica.
any body knows that. they did
what they hard todo."('urrrringlrrrrii
warned the crowd that [tilt-i was
coming ti‘ucrurd only they could stop
it. "Are we powerless because stIIIlC
sclrmtrck won't come out here?" he
shouted. .\‘o the crowd scr‘crrriied
back. and chants ol “We Want
Carey" were begun. btrt Carey was
no where to be seen. Cunningham
told the protestor‘s that “\Vclnre ttot
dctrlirigwitlt honorable people." arid
the crowd applauded in agreement.
Michele Hill. the sister of Deca-
jewcialt (.iohn llill).one oftlic Attica
delcndents who has already been
convicted of rrurrder of a correction
officer. William Quinn. to ill the
Capitol to speak to the Attica
demonstrators and urge them on to
L'titiltlltlc tltc struggle t'orrrmncsty. ln
llulialo. defense attorney William
Kuritsler said that he would move in
court to dismiss the conviction of
Decnjeweiirh. Kuntsler cited. among
other things. alleged suppression of
evidence by the state prosecutors. in-
filtration ot' the defense citinp. new
evidence of selective prosecution,
and bias rind prejudice by the trial
judge. Supreme Court Justice
(iilbert ii. King.

The last speaker to talk from the

i'tutll'ltttt'tl on page seven

 

