“at 

United ' States Senator. Lowell P,

the  3lst commence at program
of State University of New York at
- Albany on Siinday, June I. at I230
p.m’. His subject will be “Our State of
the Union." ' .
Senator Weickernwho holds out
his own career as evidence that the
voice and inﬂuence of young
Americans can be effective. was
I elected in I962. at age 3|. a State
Representative from his home town
of Greenwich to the Connecticut

General Assembly. He went from.

that legislative body to the United

, . _ , , , 'StatesSeIiate,
.‘ Weicker.Jr..willbethespealter l; '

 

 

 

winning eight straight
ntests on the way.
‘ w , .. V

“9.

Senate-Committee‘on Aeronautical ’

and Space Sciences. and the Bank~
ing. Housing and Urban Affairs

Committee. .He also serves as an .

assistant Senate minority whip and
_vice chairman of the Republican
Senatorial Committee. He is a
member of the Select‘Committee on
Presidential Campaign Practices
which investigated Watergate
matters.

In I953 Senator Weicker received
a Buchelorof Arts from Yale Univer—
sity and. in l958.a Bachelorof Laws
from the University of Virginia
School of Law.

'Mexico Summer Study Offered

Studying this summer? Combine study with travel at
the Universidad de las Americas in Puebla. Mexico. This
university provides the opportunity to study in 20 major
fields. at undergraduate and graduate levels. and to ex-

perience the land and culture of Mexico at the same time.

Credits earned are easily transferrable. as U DLA is ac-

credited with the Southem Association of Colleges and

Schools.

The I75 acre campus is located on the outskirts of

Puebla. the capital city of the state. Also nearby is the

Tepunapa pyramid. a famousarcheological zone. having .

the distinction of being larger in mass than the pyramids
of‘ Egypt. The snow-capped volcanoes of Popocateptl.
lxtaccihuatl and Citlateptl are visible on clear days from
campus. The oldest building on campus is the renovated
hacienda of Suntu Catarina Martir. which houses the
Art. Dance and Anthropology departments. In contrast.
the newest addition to campus is the third ﬂoor of the
Learning Resources Ccntcrwhich houses the library. the

Don‘t wait. come see our model apartment today.

Model Apartment open: Mon-Fri 9-5; Sat 10-4; Sun 12-3

nAtCoan

STORAGE

Ilf BROOM
n l . v, 1.

Cl 05E!

 

CLOSEI
.. .‘

llEDnOol.)
ll s' . run

University Archives, the language labs and the Audio-
visual center. Thearchitecture ofthe buildings reﬂect the
Spanish heritage of the area.

Situated in the central plateau of Mexico, thecampos
provides an ideal vantage point for touring the beautiful
countryside of Mexico. Close to the cast. is the tropical
port of Veracruz. renowned for its celebration of Mardi
Gras, ma rimha music. and sandy beaches. Northwest of
the Universidad lies Mexico City. the federal district.
From the International Airport in MexicoCity.it isa l'/2
hour drive on a 4-lanc highway to UDLA.

Whatever your area of concentration, studying at this
international university will give you new perspectives.
Unique opportunities are available for learning both in
and out of the classroom: all of Mexico is your
laboratory.

Interested students can get more information by
writing to: Director of Admissions. Universidad dc las
Americas. PO. Box 507. Puebla. Puebla. Mexico.

T€l‘i BROGCK MAHOR'S'

§P€C|AL '

Now's the time to spread out and live. At Ten Broeck
Manor you can afford living in a spacious 2 bedroom
apartment for what you'd pay for a 1 bedroom some-
where else. Modern 2 bedroom apartments at Ten
Broeck Manor are only $188 a month-utilities included

LIVING ROOM
us . m

LII IIW Dile

KIVCIIFN
no . In

In {1' "T

‘ 1110‘

I.

 

Look what's included:

- Ebonomlou laundry center-o
' 24-hour security patrol

' All electric mador appliances
0 Ceramic tile both-

0 Private patio. and balconies

bn .

Directions:

Talu- Intersrnre 00 than. if Writ
of Albany; West if east of Albany)
to Exit 6 (South Mall): left at
light; take next left onto North-
crn lllvrl.. right onto North Man-
ning Blvd.; Iii riglu (inn! Lark
Stu-ct: pass Ten lirrwrk II: left
till Colonic Street; follow signs to
Motch Apartment. li-Z.

 

All Ill/ml! Housing Opportunity “('I'I'IUIIIIII'III Q

Managed by Clifford Ilontal Management. Inc.

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

BRIEFS

THAILAND (AP) The United States will remove more than one-quarter
of its troops stationed in Thailand in the next two months. taking its first
major step toward total withdrawal from its last military foothold in
southeast Asia. it was anouneed today. The announcement did nol say how
many of the 350 US. military planes remaining from the armada ihul
bombed Cambodia and North and South Vietnam will be allowed to remain.
However, Thai Foreign Minister Chatichai Cboonhavan said for the lime
being his country will hold on to I30 South Vietnamese Air Force planes lhal
were ﬂown there by refugees. They are claimed by both the new Saigon
regime and the United States. which gave them to the former Saigon
government.

BELFAST, Northern Ireland (AP) - A former Northern Ireland prime
minister says the province faces the “real and terrifying alternatives“ of civil
war or independence from Britain after a hardline Protestant victory in
elections for an assembly to draw up a new constitution. The United Ulster
Unionist Coalition. a Protestant group opposed to sharing power wig.
Ulster‘s Roman Catholic minority. took 46 of the constitutional :Is'scmhly's
78 seats in results announced over the weekend.

ISRAEL (A P) - Israel is massing troops and armor along Ihccntirc length
of the Syrian and Jordanian cease-fire lines. a Jordanian newspaper churned
today. There was no immediate comment from the Israeli. Syrinn or
Jordanian commands.

ln Beirut. Lebanon. an explosion ripped the ground ﬂoor entrance ul'un
eight-story building housing the ofﬁces of ths pro-Palestinian Lebanese
newspaper Al Moharrer. slightly injuring four newspaper employcs. police
said.
lllNGS'l'ONl Jamaica (AP) -Ausiralian Prime Ministchough Wliillllni

has called on nations that fought in lndochinato join a massive progrumof
reconciliation and reconstruction in that region. Whitlam told a news
conference Sunday that Australia. which he described as one of “the gullu
countries“ that participated in the Vietnamese “civil war." ulrcad y has begun
supplying relief tiid.

WASHINGTON (AP) - President Ford will meet here June ll-ll ulih
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. White House Press Sccrclury Ron
Nesscn announced today. The conference will follow an early June nit-cling
lIl Sallburg. Austria. between Ford and Egyptian President Anulll Sinful
Rabin. who accepted the invitation. met here with Ford last full.

WASHINGTON (AP) - ch. Wilbur 1). Mills. l)-Ark.. who llth llCL'll
under treatment for alcholism in Florida. returned to Wushigmon who for
the first time since last year. Mills sought medical treatment, first all llclluwdu
Naval Hospital and filter lit a Florida clinic. tiller :1 series of events llnofnng
him and a strip dancer. Mrs. Annabel llattistclla. who used the slllge unlin-
l‘llnllc l‘ox. Mills was rc-clcclcd to Cotigrcssaf'ter the first ol'ihesc lllCltlL‘llh

WASHINGTON (AP) - Secrclnry of State Henry A. Kissinger llppt‘illctl
today‘bcforc the Rockefeller commission as it entered the final lnoliifi of lo
Investigation of CIA dotnestic activities. Kissinger followed f'ol’rucl ('|x\
Director John A. McConc. who was to reappear before the panel ullel lllc
secretary of slate completed his session. In addition to Kissingcl nlid
Mcconc. Secretary of Defense James R. Schlesinger and former lltlllollzll
security adviser Wall W. Rosiow were scheduled to testify.

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Ford administration will ask for $507 million
'9 ml“Effort and care for more than |25.000 Vietnamese rcfugeex. the
director of the President's refugee program said today. At the stinlclllilc. lllc
dll‘cclur.ll.. Deon llorwn. suggested refugees will be free to return to South
Vietnam ll'lhcy wish. Brown told the House immigration subcomnuilcr lhclr
are four categories of refugees. starting with 55.000 Vietnamese broughl ollI
under it special provision of US immigration laws that would fmr
ticcoinniodlilcd up to l30.000.

CHARLOTTE] N.('. (A P)-Sccrct Service agents today llStlL‘lL‘IltltllllS Ill .l
$1 million suit filed by Iii persons who contend they were excluded illt-gulh
from Ill I971 rally attended by former President Richard M. i\f\llll l \
District Court .ludgc Jumcs McMilllln continued former Nixon urd If R
llaldclntln and tfirccotficr former White House staffers lisdcf'cndlnils Ill lllt'
stilt. which was expected to go to the jury llitcr today.

"I'll “9" (A P) - Scli. llenry Jackson. a candidate for the l)L‘lll|ll f.|l|l‘
presrdcntial nominalimi. said Sunday he would support full If S, lllllll.ll\
intervention to prevent aggression against South Korea. “We lune .i lli'.ll\
commltlncut with Koren. We must honor the treaty." the \\n.~luu.k'1““
Democrat said iii an interview aired Sunday night.

I'O‘SAN J'ESMI’) Moe Howard. thclastmciiibcrol'llic llllL‘L' Slrmll‘"
COII‘Clly‘lcum. died Sunday niglil of lung cancer. He was 78. How old u .r. llu‘
"lull-hinted leader of the slapstick trio whose bllllying bluslcl lli\.ili.llil\
rec/{wed llS jtlsl deserts in the end from his partners.
lcmll‘rtllljdyvulz-vY-lii/s L‘As‘n concession to upstnic lcglslnlols. lt'plslnllu'
subwilyf'lrc- '.  “my muyiiﬂ NCW.Y0rk curs 35mm" hm "n"
I ‘ u ‘ ‘Z b0 "Pd HIchl ncxtyctir. lheflirc incrcascwdldo lllllt‘ltill‘slllu‘
til. financial problems oftlic Metropolitan Transportation Author If \. Mm ll
l’llllsrlllc subways. buses and commuter lilies into New York ('il)
[llcril'x'i‘Il‘g’Rlﬁlf/lI'll-"I'lic lioston (ilobe won the W75 l’ulu/ci I’ll/r M

d“ .1 W : P “IUSLIVICC Mouduy for its coverage of the cxpltlslw “hoof
' -IL:'rLgltlloli"clisls in that city. coverage which llicjildgcs lubclcd "numm
a":  ’l‘lyilitll'lll‘illellC small-town Xeliin.()hio. |)nlly(iu/clu \wII
mnmlu u‘ bbntllll locul reporting for its coverage of no Aplll ‘- ""4

i Mi Wiccked lltc town.

Iitfwurd  Kennedy said l'rcsidcnr i-ord 

United States needs llo‘ivn- img‘ hm 1w“ mil pmv'dmg [he Mdcmnp H“

mmmc ulsc who mvi-m‘ d Wrr'.llllc Massachusetts Democrat did not sures"

asked MN“. I - ls] 0.1 it job better. Kennedy did not say lllltl was unl
v 'L Ll It might lLCtlllbldcr lusdcclsloii not to seek the llcnlormlu

llllllllllilllllll for the presidency in [970.

“WWW by Matt Kaufman and Cheryl Mum"

MAY 6, 1975

 

 

The Curran

by Richard Nordwlnd

Through all the campaigning for
Stud ent Association ofﬁces; past the
posters and the promises; around the
charges and the counter-charges; it is
difficult to dispel the notion that all
the candidates are just kids. playing
at the game of politics. It‘s an
elaborate game. and the participants
know the correct format and
rhetoric: Cut the Budget, Innovative
Program s. Student Power; but there
lSllIl air of unrelililyabout it. so even
after reading all the cliriipliign
literature. the reaction is still.
“Who‘s kidding who?“

Master of’ the game Pat Curran.
S.A. President for l974-l975. sits in
his blue carpeted room in the SA.
office like a junior ward politician.
accepting the complaints and com-
pliments of his constituency with the
some calm manner.

“Last figures came in on the
budget. Pat." shouts a student who
hits bzlrged into Curran's office
without warning. "Excuse me for
just a minute." Curran says in his
most diplomatic manner to another
visitor. He reviews the budget
figures. commenting now and then
on an unexplained number, before
nodding his head in agreement.

El Exelcnte approves. and the
whole office rejoices. “Still wearing
that NYPIRG shirt. hey Pat.“ the
student asks as he leaves. “Always.
Never take it off." Pal answers grin-
ning. “I‘m sorry.“ Pat says to the per-
son who has been kept waiting.
“These things always come up."

Indeed. it has been a busy year for
Pat Curran. He has been in the news
almost constantly since taking office
in September. speaking on it wide
variety of' student-related issues.
Last year‘s President. Steve Gerber.
became a campus figure because of
his f'igurerA something akin to a

Jewish Paul Bunyan—but Curran.
less distinctive looking. has become
known due to the' force of his per-
sonality.

Name the issue and Pat Curran
had an opinion about it, invariably a
strong one. Rule number one for the
modern politician is use the media to
the fullest extent. and Pat Curran
picked up on that message from the
day he became President. “I was
anxious to voice what I felt were the
majority student views to the widest
possible audience." Curran says to-
day. after nearly one year in office.
Often that meant going on television
or even calling a press conference. in
his role as student spokesman.

He was ambitious. certainly.
Curran does not deny the extent of
his own aspirations. ‘I looked on
this year as a testing one for myself. I
am planning a career in politics»—
govcmmcnt I like to say. not
politics—est) I wanted to know my
strengths and weaknesses.“ It may
have been more of a testing than
Curran bargained for when he ran
for office. “You can't foresee what
the job is like." Curran says about
the experience. “there is no way of
knowing the hassles involved with
being President."

As he says this. Curran‘s voice
becomes weary and reflective. mull-
ing over his performance in the past
year.

The reviews for his performance.
by his critics. and by himself. are
mixed. Agreed by most is that
Currnn's activism helped move the
SA. away from the self-serving elite
organization that ran the student
govcmmcnt in past years. “I tried to
think and act with the noii-lictivc
student in mind. Before any decision
I would say to myself. ‘what would a
person who is not active think of
this‘. because that is really the bulk

 

kuehn

SA President Pat Cumin alts at hls desk relleetlng back on his term which In about to come to a close.

of this campus.“

But that activism also funded
Curran in trouble. Admits Curran.
"Many times I reacted too quickly
without thinking.“ In the dispute
over F.S.A. board hikes. Curran
flung wid e-sp read chal gcs of corru p-
lion and inefficiency at F.S.A. ex-
ecutives. only to regret his words
later. “I would like to apologize
publicly for my comments. F.S.A.
has been. on the whole. one of the
best campus organizations. and
Norbert Zahm (head of F.S.A.) has
been a pleasure to work with."

Matter of factly, in a detached
manner that Curran can affect about
his own abilities. hesays."l’cople can
get pretty goddamn frustrated with

me at times."

If they were in the room at the
time. members of the EOPSA and
Central Council might agree with
Curran‘s self-analysis. In the dispute
over EOPSA budget requests. a
debate that epitomized the un—
derstated black-while conflict which
plagues the Albany State campus.
like termites eating away the foun-
dations ofa building; Curran wasac-
cuscd by both sides of going back on
his words. The basic comment by
both the black EOPSA and the white
Centrlil Coulicil: Curran promised
everything to everybody.

It would he understandable if at
litiics Curran noted If] a confused
manner on the black-while issue.

Kosher Patrons Will Soon Face Limitations

by Naomi Friedlander

Due to at considerable increase iii
the numbcrofsttldcnts registered for
next flill's Kosher Dinner plun. those
students signed up for ilic plan will
be permitted to eat only the special
meals provided by that plan.

Initially. the Kosher meal plan
was set up as an alternative for
students who wanted to adhere to
the Jewish diciliry laws. But over the
years. more and more students have
adopted the plan. not because they
are Kosher. bill as an additional op-
tion which would widen the choice of
dinner selections. This year. tip-
proxiuiutcly 400 students signed up
for next semester‘s Kosher plan. a

Chancellor Editor

(CPS) One college chancellor has
coticcivcd it unique meuns to cir-
cumvcnnt the traditional lid-
ministration vs. editor conflict—he
applied for the editorship himself.

(‘liiuiccllor Mliuricc Mitchell at
the University of Denver lipplicd for
the editorship of lhcthi‘iccwcekly
/)t'lll'l‘l' Clarion.

Ilic chancellor said he would up-
pollil ti l'orlncr ( 'lrll'lllll editor. Knrcn
Smiili.lo find and ll'lllll ii student
sull'l'. Smith. however. said Mitchell
would Use the newspaper its ll'pllblic
relutlons tool“ for the University
should he be limited editor.

Present ('frlrl'ull editor Dean
Lehman spccullilctf tlilll the applica—
lion may only be no effort to stir slu-
delil interest. "'I’Iic ideal is scary
enough to split at good number of
people into action.“ l.ClllIlllll said in
an editorial.

MAY 6, 1975

l0% increase from this semester.
Only one-third of these. said Maury
(irubcl. a sophomore on Dutch
Quad lllld head of the Kosher
Kitchen. are strictly Kosher.
According to thc present plan.
Kosher students haven "K" stamped
on their meal cards. These students
are permitted to cut boili the special
Kosher and the regular. FSA
dinners. Consequently. many ofthc
students on Koslicronly eat from the
special plllll when they do not like
what l’SA is serving on a particular
night. This constant fluctuation in
the number of students eating
Kosher causes a problem in the
Kosher kitchcli. where the chefs can

never be certain how much food to
make or how many students to
prepare for.

Atioificr problem resulting from
the increase lll Kosher enrollment is
the luck of splice in which to Itc-
comodute the Kosher students.
llecausc the Kosher dinners can be
scrvcd only on Dutch Quad where
there isa special kitchen designed for
preparing the Kosher food. students
from every quud must travel to
Dutch if' they want to cut Kosher.
However. since Kosher students had
been pcmiiitcd lo cut on the regular
plan as well as Kosher. they did nol
have to make the special trip iii bad

weather or when pressed for time. -

kuohn

The Kosher Kitchen which offers students an alternatlve meal plan.

With the revised plan. they will be
forced to go to Dutch if they want to
eat dinner at all. "If it‘s important
enough to these people. they would
be willing lodo it." snid u sophomore
from Dutch who registered for the
[)lllll. as voicing tlic opiliioii of the
backers of the decision.

lltfltll‘t.‘ adopting the licw plan.
ctich studcnl on the Kosher dinner
line was asked if he would be willing
to ask his Rabbi lo write il letter
stating that tfic student strictly
adhered to the diciiil'y laws and
needed to remain on ilic Kosher
plun. Only scvcn or eight of the
students polled were uliwillinglolisk
their Rabbis for letters but this solu-
tioli was not adopted as it wash-zilli-
ed tlial the letters could be czlslly
forged. llic olin cqllllillilc answer.
stud (irubcl. was the plan restricting
the Kosher students from eating
rcgulllr lncnls. II is hoped lhat
students opposed to this restriction
will drop out frolii llic Koslicrplun.

It has been suggested that there be
two mctil curd checkers
on Dutch next semester. One Will
prevent Kosher students from going
on the regular dinner lines and the
otlicrwill iiisuretliui CilCll sludcnl on
Kosher linc liasu "K" stumped on his
uicul curd. ()n the other quads.
checkers may be insiructcd to turn
away any Kosher student attempting
lo cut on the regular plzlli.

Students signed up for Kosher ser~
vice next semester will soon l'cccivc u
lcucr detailing the decision. If" op-
posed lo the restrictions. the letter
will contain instructions on how to
drop the Kosher option and obtain a
refund.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The situation seems to have bafﬂed
everyone at SUNYA. including ad-
ministrators. faculty. and students.
with the only solution proposed: ig-
nore it. As S.A. President. Curran
could not ignore it. so Curran often
found himself in the middle of a
deteriorating situation.

"When I came into office I had the
idea that after a few years the black-
white thing would settle’downz Both
sides would accept the view pint of
the other. or at least there Quid be
real communication going'ton. I
guess I was an idealist. The way it
looks now. ll doesn‘t seem like that
lillic will ever come.“

Was ii the night angry black
students stormed his office. dcmlui-
dilig his sigtuilurcon EOPSA budget
demands. and then later when he find
to face storms of protest from Cen-
tral Council for his actions. that the
job of President became more than
just a "testing" for Pat Curran? Two
months after ilic incident he still
shakes his head iii disbelief at the '
hostility engendered by those budget
hearings. lle warns. “If S.A. and
EOPSA don‘t take positive steps.
these budget fights will get worse and
worse.“

Worsening too.(‘urran believes.is
the relationship of students to ad-
ministrators. The 70‘s have seen a
growing decline in student power
frotii the peak days ofprotcst. I969—
l97l. and Curran sees that trend
continuing. “It‘s a vicious circle.Thc
lid ministration doesn‘t have to listen
to student leaders because they know
we don‘t have the support of most of
the students. 'l‘hcn students say. 'why
support the student government.
they can't get anything dotic
anyway.‘ "

In this state of near paralysis. Pat
Curran and the student government
have operated all year. “The student
President. or for that matter. student
government. does not havens much
power as I would have thought.
Most of ourtimcisspcnt fightingthe
fires dealing with immediate
problems rather than working on
new programs. or changing things in
u meaningful way."

l'uo phone calls come in for the
SA President. The secretary tells
Curran lllill two more visitors are
waiting outside. It is us ifPat Curran
has been plugged into a wall socket
murked “student leader.“ and has
just been energized. Pat Curran
answers ilie phone with one hand.
ulid opens the door with the other.

So the game continues.

1WAGE THREE

 

 

