 

   
   
 
 

esar‘s‘datighters.‘if

been simply “Julia”; and .all the
daughters of Comelii Scipiones were
automatically Cornelias. Moreover,
_ no Roman woman could engage in-

dependently in any sort of legal tran-
saction; she must always have had
‘the advice and consent of a father.
husband. or male guardian. But
fathers canbe persuaded, husbands
cajoled. and guardians brow-beaten;
and the fact is that Roman women

 

he had, anyor them. Would all have ’

 

  

 
  
  
    

  
     

  
 
 

 

wiferbtit Agrippina won With theaid

' ' of one of Claudius‘ poWerfuI freed-
3man‘” secretaries. Pallas. - She was

  

Claudius‘ niece. of course; but that
problem had been solved by having
the’senate pass a resolution exempd
ting such marriages from the laws
against incest. The marriage took
place early in 49; and Agrippina at
once set about lining up the succes~
sion for her son. who was then only
twelve years old.

The modem scholars who see rul-
ing in Nero‘s name as her object are

position of emperor's '

 

" *5: n n+9."

I’ILII‘H. be. r»

.1: .r.

 

played a big part in Roman public as
well as private life. from Lucretia,
who precipitated the expulsion of
the last King Tarquin from Rome in
509 B.C.. to Theodora. wife of the
Emperor Justinian a thousand years
later. Not that they were always a
bencfrcent influence. The daughter
of King Servius Tullius. two
generationshcfore Lucretia. was a
Lady Macbeth who drove her ‘
brother-in-Iaw to win the throne by

murdering her father and her hus-

band. In her exultatio 3' she guided

her chariot over her fisthiEr‘s dead

body as it lit‘yjn the st‘rect. 
Nero's mother Agrippina was r
another such. The great-

grunddaughtcr of both Mark An-
tony and Augustus. both of whom i
had a will to rule. and well ac-
quainted with thebloody intrigues of
the imperial calm in the reigns of

 

A gold coin ol nero, showing the emperor and his mother.

1 swimmer 503mm threw caution
icus‘ cause; but‘ aside and«_had her "killed by sailors
"cu mum”; qigo « from the navallbase, on the bay. ltis'
' i ' l ' ’reported that when theassasins fore.
ed their way into her room and she
realized that escape was inipossible.
she pointed to her womb and said.
"Stikc here; this bore Nero.”

. tried momma:
. sible boat constructed which collaps-
ed as planned in the bay of Naples

ammomnndommwe
Gives Uneven Perf0rmance

    
  

coins.She was the first empress to be
honored ‘thuILShe also persuaded
Claudius to adopt Nero in AD. 50
and designate him as Claudius‘
successor in preference to Claudius'
own son. Britannicus, who was ﬁve
years .younger. In 53 Nero married
Claudius' daughter; and in 54
Claudius was poisoned. Nero
became emperor at the age of sis-
teen; Agrippina began getting rid of
people whom she disliked or dis-
trusted, among others Claudius‘
freedman Narcissus. who had op-
posed her marriage to Claudius.
But Nero was not so manageable
as she had expected: her portrait

by Elisabeth Masuri
and Steve Gan:

At times during last Monday's concert, the “University Wind Ensemble“
appeared to be a euphemism for a high school marching band. Yet at other
times. Charles Boito‘s group performed as a musically first rate ensemble.
The modest and reserved conduetor did a fine job throughout the evening
with regards to tightness and clarity. In addition. his interpretations were as
diverse in style as the selections themselves.

The first half of the program was characterized by three marching—band
type pieces. a fine example being Rossini's “March for the Marriage of the
Duke of Orleans. They were all well performed but the very nature ofthc
works diminished our appreciation of them. The fourth work of the set.
'Antiphony for Winds“ by Robert Ward differed from the others in that the
melody lines and the harmonics held our interest. The cnscmble‘s
interpretation of the work elicited a feeling of triumph.

The second half of the concert far surpassed the first. The ensemble
accompanied soloist Sandra Ncumann, soprano. in a contemporary work by
Gilmore. "Fivc Folk-Songs for Soprano and Band“. This piece highlighted
the evening. as both soloist and ensemble joined forces in portraying each of
the expressive. ethnic folk songs. Sandy‘s voice was lyrical. distinct and her
interpretations plausible. Although the band sometimes drowned her out at
certain moments. little of the effect was lost.

The program closed with Leonard Bernstein's "Overture to Candide". a
relatively well known work comprised of intricate rhythms and melodies.
The Wind Ensembles performance of it was dynamic and precise.

In furthering “Classical Music" at SUNYA more groups like the Wind
Ensemble should perform with greater frequency and more publicity. In my
three years here. the Music Department has made greatprogrcss'.Nexl year
looks even better.

 

 

WELCOME LOU REEDI!
If you have the good taste to see
Lou Reed, we’ll reward you.

Saturday only: "Lou Reed Live"
Only $3.88 with a ticket stub from
the Lou Reed Concert

 

(sale 5-2 — 5-9)

dimer a some

84 control ova.

WEL COME!

SATURDAY (5-3) ONLY
Blow by Blow - Jeff Beck

Stralght Shooter -

LOU"

$3.88 SALE

        

Katy Lied - Thre’ one in
Steely. Dan

Every Crowd -
Eric Clapton

Bad Company

 

 

. L - 1
Be True to You -
Eric Anderson

I O'COOOOOOOOOCOOCOOO0.0..0.000000..OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOIOOOOOOO O...

 

70 cc

l

’ Saturday Special V\/‘v/\V-'\,/\ai\-j\\/'M/\‘;/‘
New Hot Tuna:

"America’s Favorite"

.-
.-

u
hll.

 

Just $3 88

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 85.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    

toned

 

 

MAY 2, 1975

 

 

Backroom Politics

To the Edltor:

We. the undersigned. were shocked and
dismayed to see the Class of ‘78 Council ad in
Tuesday‘s ’ASP. “The Class of ‘78 Council
Endorses" sounds like it was a unified class
action, and not the action of a few individuals
(which it was). We feel that a class Council
should not get involved in a Student
Association election. What if another
candidate wins‘l Won‘t the endorsement serve
as a source of hard feelings? Isn‘t it a
coincidence that the Class President signed the
order for the ad and that he is the campaign
manager for one of the endorsed candidates“?

We were even more upset to discover that
this ad cost the class cighty dollars—urkcn out
of our class does. In the future. we want our
Class Council to be concerned with its won
business. and not that in which they have no

'll‘i.
I” Put Leonard

I’am Squires
(llenn Courounis.
(‘lrlsn' of I978

Benecke Beraied

To the Editor:

/\t the lust ('lass of ‘78 council meeting.
(‘lass l'rcsidcnt Marc Ilcncckc was
reprimanded iot’actions taken duringthc class
council meeting of April 32. W75. These
actions. which at the next class council
Inccliug were voted on as illegal. consisted of
endorsing certain SA candidatcsand spending
Class of ‘78 moncy in the ASI’ for advertising
thcsc endorsements. without a quorum of the
class council present. It should be stated that 4
of x class council members were present at a
mccting which required the presence of 5 of 8
council members to be official (according to
the class Constitution). .ludah Shapiro. Rob
Nissan. .lohn Nisscnblutt and myself were
nott in attendance at this meeting mid felt
slightcd at the action of Marc and the rest of
council for their disregard of us and the class
Constitution.

For this action. the President was held
responsible. It is not the intention of Judah.
Rob. .Iohn or myself to set up personal
grudges against anyone. It is our hope that
through thencliou taken. it will set a precedent
against such a thing liappcningin the future. It
was obvious that there was a communication
breakdown which has hopefully been set
straight.

Norman Schwartr
Class of ‘78 Councilman

     
   
 

       

Jlbﬁylll"

ISA Ignored ?

'fo the Editor:

In a memo. dated the twcnty-litih or
February. the rlSl'allllt‘tl Its intention to seek
out and print all items tlnrt nilcct segments of
the University cornrntrnlly. Ilirs would iiicltidc
press releases. essays by faculty lllltl stndcnts.
tlnd events sponsored by student groups. I
would like to point run that the ASP has not
adhered to its own credo. ()nc segment of the
University corunrunily is consistently ignored.
I am referring to the International students.

MAY 2. 1975

‘their association, activities. and residenct hall. I
in October. an International Night took '

place. The ASP was notified ten days before
.the fact. Furthermore. posters Were scattered
throughout the campus informing the
community-at-large of the event. Adding
insult to injury. the ASPoffice is located next
door to the International Student office.
therefore lack of coverage of events sponsored
by ISA can not be ascribed to ignorance on the
part of the ASP "elites." It was of little
importance that international Night was a
way of introducing a variety of cultures to the
university community. The ASP assumes that
the community would iather be informed
about beer blasts and other trite events.

A press release was' sent to the ASP
describing Sayles International House. The
release was informative and was the primary

 

 

 

 

step in a campaign to get students interested in
the dorm. The author of the release. the Saylcs
Director. requested that the /l Sl’notif'y her of
thc, status of the release. lloth tlrc rclcasc and
the director‘s rcquest were ignored by the
ASP. Again. it must bc pointcd orrl that the
ASP office is next door to ISA where the
Saylcs Director works.

'I here has been no coverage ofthc following
chnts. directly involving foreign studcnts:

Saylcs Open House

International Night

. International Food 'l‘asting Night
'I'hrcc separate lntcrnational Coffee
Houses

. lhrhamu Night

. I‘rcnch Night

7. Latin Night

ad's-aro—

:‘Uu

lha\ e not listed all the events that took place
this year. IIowevcr.it can be seen that the ASP
has been negligent in covering those activities
planned by forciin students.
l’crliups thislack of exposure is a reflection
of thc altitude ol'tltc community. I. however.
prclcr to think that this mcrcly rcflccts the
attitudes of the ASI‘ editors. 'l'hcy obvioust
see no “ncwsworthincss" in events sponsored
by forclgn students. So the university
community will remain ignorant of the talent
and cultures of thcirlorcign counterparts. It‘s
too bad. because the cornrnttnity could use an
infusion of color and charm as oflcrcd by
lntcrnntroual students.
Ruth l-. Spruck
llircctor Saylcs lnt‘l llousc
Kristian Miccio

lullmr'i .Vult': l’or ('l't'l'pt' fll'lft’lt' lllr’ zlSl‘
prints. It'll tulip/s urr' m'r-r'r ll'l’illt'll flt‘t'tllt.\‘t‘
lllt‘l'r' rlrr' ,lr'l‘t'l'r' .er‘t' linumliu/Ir. us in any
llt'll‘.\[lrI/lr'l'. We lruvc ('Ul't'l‘t'tl t'l't‘lll.\' ri/ l/It‘
lnIr-ruurimm/ Sim/crux xirrm‘ia/lou in life part
will u Ill r Ullllllllt' Io r/U .ru n'lrr'llr'vcr[maxi/Ila.
Ilrr nrrlr'r‘s II'.rI I.t' [or [no .illul‘l.‘ lllt'l't' (ll't'
llflllt/l'l't/A of cvrwlr t'tlt'll rrr'r'k Ilml t'llllllul lu'
ruvr'rt'rl.

.'l.\ /ur rl.\ (ll/It’d [iroxlmilr guru. lllt‘ .IfSI’
lI'lt'.\ no! It! /r'l rrr'r'r'ssi/iilirr lll/fllt'llt't' t'r/iloriul
t/r‘t i.\l0ll.\.

'l'lrc Albany Strident l’rcss I't'.\'t'rl't'.\' Illt'
rig/ll Iu [trim or will lcllcrr lo Ilrr' r'rlilur.
Sufi/rill lc/It'rs' 'I'l’I’I;'ll"I\'l'I"I'I'.'N Io ('rmr-

[no (It‘lllt'l' 126. urlrlrrarxcrl m Iz‘rlilnriul
Page Editor.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

   

"Don't garage :3

To the Edltor:

The war in Vietnam is over. It's not a time to
rejoice; neither is it a time to cry.too many
tears have already fallen. We can at least be
grateful that the senseless killing and
bloodshed has ceased. But what of the
countless thousands who died and the millions
who suffered maiming injuries? Are they to be
forgotten?

Let the Vietnam war be a lesson not to be
forgotten. The very least we as Americans
should learn from the whole Vietnam
nightmare istbat we cannot consider ourselves
to be the watchdogs of thc world. Looking
back in retrospect we now realize that the
United States had no. business interfering with
the internal affairs of a foreign country half
way around the world.

Ilccausc of American intervention over
50.000 Americans lost their lives and hundreds

' -""‘qiiielr"q est

   

    
   
  

   
 
    
 
 

.4

Myskanrs. Class of*‘77. State Quad .
SASU. University Senate. Centisl Council,
Alumni Board. President. Vice-President. the
Student Tax Referendum. and. NYPIRG?
That is. if you were lucky to get there early
enough. since they ran out of NYPIRG ballots
at 5:I5. Armed with ten diffenent pieces of
paper. you were supposed to fill them out in
the polling area— which many did not. Then
one had to take the papers and fold them
separately. so that they could fit in the small
hole in the ballot box.

I fail to see why voting machines couldn’t
have been used. There 'is a great amount of
confusion then you have to fill out close to a
dozen ballots. It is very easy not to be given
one. A simple error of ordering too few
ballots. as in the case of NYPIRG.
discnl‘ranehiscs students. How does Central
Council expect to get the required 20% vote if
they print too few ballots? Polling was
conducted too close to the voting area (within

20 fcctl. I‘m sure that other difficulties will
result frequent recounts of thepaper ballots
and protests about the attthcnticity of some of
the votes. not to mention the difficulty in the
' counting process.

lhavcno personal interest in the outcome of
any of the elections. but I believe that the way
that this election is being conducted can only
show the \vorthlessncss of our vote!

of" thousands will carry the ugly scars of battle
for the rest of their lives. not to mention the
millions ol‘Vietnamcsc who suffered similarly.

Doug HOI‘WIU.

Election Fiasco

To the Editor: Kenneth Stoncr Kail

Never bcforc have I seen such a fiasco as
’Iuesday's clcctions. 0n State Quad. the
voting table was conveniently placed adjacent
to the dinner linc. forcing crowds near the
table. Once you were able to get past thc
dinncr line. by convincing people that you
weren‘t trying to btttt ahcnd of them to beat
them to the delicious food. you spotted two

 

tl

jFinsrer's Oxygen Tank
by Gary Adertltan _—___i

Doctors in New York State may refuse to treat all but ccrtilicd cmcrgcncics after July lst
unless new legislation regarding malpractice suits is enacted. The doctors want legislation
limiting the quality and quantity ofsuits that can he levelled against them by former patients.
Physicians claim that Worrying about possible future lawsuits cramps their styleand interferes
with their treatment off patients.

In order to View lhc situation from the insurance company‘s point oi'vicw. I contacted the
United Chutzpah Insurance Company. a major insurer of physicians in New York State. and
asked to meet with one of their rcprcsentativcs. The company graciously consented. and I was
treated to a lavish dinner at a high-class restaurant by Mr. Earnest .‘iwindlc. an executive of thc

 

 

 

company.

“The problem for us is thejurics. Jurics have a soft spot in thcir hearts for any allegedly
munlutndlcd person who wants to collect from an anonymous. enormously wealthy insurance
company. whose subsidaries probably ncvcr ever! paid out the claims of the jurors on their own
home or auto insurance."

“If your company is so wealthy. though. why do you object to paying out claims?"

“Because we didn‘t get to he that wealthy by paying out claims in the first plucc. Don‘t you
understand btrsincss‘l"

"I‘d like to draw your attention to the case of onc Irving Finsicr. zr 42-year old ulcer sufferer
who underwent abdominal sur'gcryabout six months ago. onlytodiscovcra wcck latcrthat he'd
had a four and one-half foot hiin tank of oxygen sewn up inside of him by his surgeon. whom I
believe was also insured by your company."

"Yes. I remember that case. I handch it myself. It was obvioust ll "use of fraud on the part of
Mr. I’inslcr, And let me rcmind you that it was only an alleged tank of oxygen.“

"Fraud?"

"l-rirnd indeed! Imagine. blaming a surgeon for sewing a tank rnsidc of him. I‘instcr had no
proof. llcdidn‘t actually see hisdoctor scw anything tip at all. You yourscli'don't definitely know
ll II was a tank of oxygen sewn up in there. I'll admit. that to look at I"inster. you‘d think it was a
tank ol some sort sticking out of his right side and extending halfway down his leg. But Finsler
never had that growth diagnosed objectively."

"I‘ll concede that. but you havc to admit there was quite a mystery as to what actually was in
l‘insicr. before lrc died.“

“ch. Finster expired before a final decision on his case could be reached by thcjury. It was
unfortunate for l'insicr. but the company saved a lot of money."

"Somc people hlurnc l‘instcr‘s death on the fact that you and your company legally blocked
any medical action to invcsligatc what was wrong with him, by rising stall techniques in the
courts."

" R ldiculotls! What we did in corirl was. and still is. our standard procedure for handlinguny
claim that might cost the company morc than three dollars and ninety-five cents. If Finster died.
it was because he didn‘t hmc enough patience to stick out the trial."

“flow long would his case have taken to resolved?"

"It would have been five years before my company would agr cc to underwrite an investigation
of l'iiislcr‘s ‘tumor."‘

"l'lvc years!"

“We're a very generous company."

"Finstcrdicd before any doctor was allowed to examine him. Don't you feel even the least bit
ashamed that your Icgrrl procedures probably cost that man his lifc.'."'

"there you gojumping to conclusions again. I-‘inster happened to die of natural causes."

"Natural?"

“Yes. According to my records. he died after suffering an acute attack of gas .

PAGE NINE

 

