 
 
  

 
 
 
 
  
     
  
   
   
   
  
  
 

 

 

  
 
  
  

Sot., Feb. 1.5
$00
CC Ballroom

Band Alabaster

Cost: 1 free beer
JSC — $.50

w/tox - $1.00

You can come even if you
didn't fill out a computer form!

  

w/o tox - $1.50

 

sponsored by JSC

lauded by student arxiir-irili‘un

 

 

 

DO YOU GIVE A SHITl?!

Central Council needs students who care. If you’re interested in how your tax money
is spent or in student life on this campus or in keeping an eye on FSA and the
Administration, then join one of Council’s committees:

1. Administration Liason Committee — shall deal
with administrators, faculty and for student senators-on matters
pertaining to students and the administration ofthe Universuy.

of policies affecting off-campus students and their dealings

. grievances of off-campus students.
. . ' \r
2. Athletic Advisory Board - is charged with reporting a ,1
recommended relationship between Athletic Advtsory board and ,'
Central Council. especially with regard to the budgetary process.
and with regard to institutional control ofthe conduct of the inter—

eollegiatc athletic program.

6. On Campus Student Li fc 'Committec- shall serve as the initiator

outside the University . it shall “operate as the chief receiver 0
“l FSA liason Committee - shall formulat ‘tthl coordinate policy grievances of on-carnpus students. .
iwht regard to FSA on behalfofthc studentsofthe University.

Shun serve as intermediary between students inu rs if you,re Interested:

4. Finance Committee - shall review all financial rcq‘uestsby
recognized SA groups to be allotted from Emergency Spending
Line, and shall also review all requests for line changes and shall
submit its. recommendations to Central Counetl.

 

'.-1

‘O
3'

O

3

(D
My

ssh

'

b7ing to CC 346 Put ‘in Gag-ea] Council mai/b

a
)1

5. Off Campus'Student Life Committee -shall serve as the initiator

within the University Community as well as with the broader com—
munity outside the University. It shall operate as chief receiver of

of policies affecting on-eampttts students and their dealings within
the University Community as wal as with the broader community

J

I.

oxl

 

 

 

 

funded by student asiru-laI/mi

 
 

(\ .

 

FEBRUARY 14, 1975 i

by (1.5. Santino

What‘s too old to be news, too new to be nostalgia. too
dramatized to be documentary. and too factual to be fic-
tion? Last year's answer was “Executive Aetion."a tacky
little number about the conspiracy against President
Kennedy. This year it‘s “Lenny.” Bob Fosse‘s slickly
romantieizod black-and-white distillation of the life and
times of comic/satirist Lenny Bruce.

According to Fosse‘s chronicle of the black humorist
who died from an overdose in 1966. Lenny Bruce was a
misunderstood martyr, a denim-clad genius who was
driven to kinky sex and hard drugs in his search for truth
and who eventually. harrassed and frustrated. died for
our sins and gave up the ghost. it makes a great drama.
bill a lousy documentary. Lenny Bruce was an abun-
dantly witty and perceptive man to whom \vc owca great
debt for his satiric insight. "Lenny" shortchanges that
man.

By the choice of director (Bob t-‘osscl. east (Dustin
Hoffman as Lenny. Valerie l’errinc as his \yilc Honey)
and screenplay (by Julian Barry). lhiitcd Artists has
dumped the whole sordid mess about Iii-rice into tltc
Ilollyuood grinder and squche-d out it product riot tiri-
like processed clteddar cheese just tart enough to tan-
tali/e but smooth enough to he swttlloucd \\lltIlL‘. the
that makes llruee thoroughly accessible to tire lllltltllL‘
class for the first titnc. 'l his is no small teat considering
the seedy details of ltruee‘s short career and an t'\e'tl
grcatcr achievement because the llllll chooses to tlcptct
many of these questionable carryings-on that should.
logically. tcat'down the inflated imagethat l «mu builds
l‘osscmay' hea elumsyjotit‘nalist. hut hc‘sdaninr-d clcici
and can quickly pin the blame for l.cnii_\‘s tragedy on
hostile environmental forces. llic tititli ol the matter is
that. okay. sure Bruce got a ran deal. but his o\\tt
predilection for disaster. indulgence in hard drugs. arid
self-righteous hot temper sci'icd to bring the \\t|ll\
crashing down that much taster.

What "Lenny" doesn‘t borrott ciriotionally from
"Prince of Peace" it steals cincrnatically troni “('iti/cn
Katie." The film opens with a huge pair of lips Iloodrng
the screen and proceeds as a series ol llllL'l'\ icns \\ itli thc
people who knew the dear departed best._|iist like the old
Welles standby. The similarity abruptly ends there.
“Lenny” has no Rosebud to offer. tiotliing that satistac»
toi'ily answers the nagging question “Why?” nothing to
make the story hang togetltcr. The result Is \\I\lillll think-
ing.

lixtracted from the presutnably flanlcss memories ol
lirtice‘s mother. ex-wife Honey. and manager. the lihn
concerns theadt'ancingof Lenny lirucc lrom a miserable
night-club etncec and sometime comic to ctilt Itlttl.
llruce's humble beginnings reveal a repertoire consisting

 

“‘AMARCORD’ MAY POSSIBLY BE FEDERICO
FELLINI'S MOST MARVELOUS FtLM...
extravagantly funny." V‘” ""'  

eViate as Folk Hero:
Lenny Bruce Saiated

of false-nosed Jimmy Duiante impressions. painfully
poorjokes (“Every have the feeling you‘re in an amateur
r:ontest...and you‘re losing?) in addition to introducing
the strippers who are an obvious improvement over
l)ruce‘s dismal stylings.

During this period he meets and marries stripper Hot
lloitey Harlowe and slowly but surely edges his way into
stardom by inexplicably ptinching his act with “sick”
htinior. He soon becomes an "in" thingv—he approaches
humor from an unorthodox viewpoint. namely. total
honesty and a partiality towards taboos (“Arethere any
niggers here tonight? Did he say trigger.r'.’....it‘s the sup-
pression ofthe word thatgives it 3power.“l. Unfortunate-
ly. the film ignores most of Bruce‘s best material and
utili/es those which feed the film‘s portrait of Bruce.

After accumulating a substantial following and a
si/cable bank account. liruec makes his fatal mistake——
his "tragic flaw" il'we a re to htty the film's heavy-handed
moral and. in the contth of defending two homosex-
ti ll teachers. utters theword "cocksucking" which lands
hi it in cotirt on obscenity charges. As a rcstilt. Bruce
spends the nc\t three years in {Hill otit ofkangaroocour-
trooins. lighting a hopeless one-man battle that
culminates in his dcath.

lhc deck I\ \ccurcly stacked iii Lcniiy‘s favor the
blur t\ brimming oicr \iith moronic police officers.
List-oi liltlyL‘\. mickey—iiiousc juries. anti lethargic
lattycis, l'\ctt l cnny‘s manager sci‘cos him tip oc-
L'rl\\|t>llilll_\.

\loic to thc poiiit isthctilm‘suscnl lighting. At tithes
ih.it \lltllllglll piercing don n from somewhere abmeand
morning that lonc. persecuted lllt)t':lll.\l oil the stage
Itcctl\ only the strains of thc “llallcluiah ('hoius“ to be
thoroughly lacking Ill siihtlcty.

llic iiistilication lot iiicltidirig the more lurid aspects
of lirucc‘spcrsnnal life is that this is how he was able to
iincotcr the truth about human relations and abstract
them into lll\1lC|\. \\'hcn llrucc seduces a young nurse
.rltci lloncy‘s car accident. ibctilrn iuntps toa rotitiitcon
thc dctiichcd male. When he cnticcs lloncy into a
tncthtgc a tiois. ticciit to a bit about ltlgstlmldikcs./\nd
\tl till.

\ lot at talent has gone to waste on this film, most
notably Dustin ||olfnuin'sskillfully impassioned render-
ing ot | cnny lit'ttcc and \‘aleric l’crrinc‘s equally dex-
tioiis performance as his wile. Iloltinan himself. as
alnays. is north the price ol admission. The most in-
tcicsting thing about "Lenny." i suppose. is that in the
short span of nmcycars Lenny Bruce has been promoted
lroiii "lekle‘" to "hero" or at least "one helluva guy."
Perhaps it's hccausc he don‘t have to contend with him

.in_\ longer. perhaps it's collectite guilt. but whatever the
case. hc dcscrycs better treatment than this.

 

The whether forecast? scattered

lacquer.
cement tobaggans.

dung—and in the snow. too.

mesozoic crepe-paper attaches.

tonight‘s latest basketball score.

(speak the magic word and you sinai problems fade away)
I can see the light at the end of Route Seven.

A cross between a frisbce. and a brandenburg concerto?

pass interference

What has emptied the sun?

In minutes stuffiness is gone.
That is also the way I pick my men.
The surgeon general has cautioned you . . .

condiments are evil

Did the redwoods smell Columbus?

Did Columbus smell?

The secretary will disavow any knowledge.
This really is a thunderous finale.

I went into the woods.

We have no extended forecast,

——Slcplien Almasi

 

 

Questionnaire

by Tom Miner

l catne home from the office early
one alternoori and found my wife ly-
iitg on the bed with a short bearded
lcllow. lle wasasking her questions
and noting her responses on a clip-
board. They both had their clotltes
on and [could discern no evidence of
their having dressed quickly or for-
cing an appearance of composure so
I suppressed my jealousy. When he
finished his question he asked inc to
join him. My wife rolled over and
began reading a Gothic romance. I
laid on the bed between them. The
first questions appeared rather
hettign such as, Did I know What
lleau Brummel was famous for? and
did I think Robinson Crusoe a real
person or fictional? | rtoticed that he
had seemed more pleased with my
wife‘s answers than hcdid with mine.

 

 

 

"What a tllml Instantly one of
the ten but movlaa ot ttia
you. Federico Folltnl lo a
dlloctor that ladmlra above
all others." to». 3...... nor. r». r a... ﬁrm.

FELINI'SX

482-9432 : A '? large color
_ . . 1238 : Across I rv for all
Western I; The . sporting
Avenue I  ’ event.
llAl’l’Y HOURS:

Sun. - Wed. 2—10 pm
l‘hurs. - Sat. 2—9 pm

Large Pitcher $1.75
Large Cheese Pizza $l.95
Mug of beer $.25

PIZZA TO GO!

PIZZA SERVED TILL 2 AM

The questions became more severe.
Had I met the WanderingJew? Did I
think that [could retain my sanity if
I were locked in a madliouse in-
'dclinitcly'.’ I began to feel uneasy. iis
ll this were ati important examina-
tion and l was required to pass. He
sneered at my answers. Finally I
declared i would gono further. Who
was he? Why was be asking these
questions? | asked. He smiled and
put the pen in his pocket. l‘m con-
dticting a su rvcy. he said; I am a stu-
dent ofliviiig conditions. What were
these questions for? I asked. The
questions are part of my project. he
explained. a project in which your
wife plays an important role. He
smiled down at her. llul. be con-
tinued. as you refuse to cooperate. I
must beg your pardon. He took his
but from the bureau. bowed slightly.
marched past the 6-point. buck
mounted in the hallway and slamm-
ed the lront door.

 

USASUSAS USAS
SUSASUSA SUSA
AS U SASUS ASUS
SASUSASU SASU

what?

 

 

 

 

 

 

7:30 Friday 5—7 pm
ltlztll) R
~ LUNCHES SERVED DAILY
“Wimm compliments of the house:
“1mm lree soup with lunch
. D a
(i ll)

' '  MANr'rTrWtDR-lD “i‘”

»\ PG mm   Earth

 

 

 

THE BEST:

 

 

 

 

‘ " M'lﬁlo
i... '
. . t I I
a. A 1
6:50 9:00 I“ I k
rml'lli‘rlr '
“of” trauma p
ﬂ aml ' i! '
ran r I - V
sumo
I i it,
c a”

It) tin-titer art

Warm : f

a

  

7..., ROCK MUSIC FOR ‘IOUR EARS
“NOT YOUR EYES
SEEMS 938-4545

CALL

 

R/C/t’. 98£~8566

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

\.,

 

PAGE. 7A

 
  

  
   
     
      
 
  
  
  
 
   

  
 
  
  

 
 
 
 

     
       
            
     
         
      
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

gum. » .-

 

 

