 

 

 

y £3. Min

‘ “Seems fronts Marriage" bejns with a '

magazine reporter conducting a slightly
uncomfortable. interview of Johan and
Marianne. a happily married couple of ten
years‘ vintage. He's an accomplished behavior

scientist. She‘s a divorce lawyer. lt scents. at .

least on the surface. the‘ Johan and Marianne
have the “perfect marriage"-both have fairly
successful careers. both are educated and
attractive, they‘ve two fine children (whomwe
never see). a respectable house, and what’s
more they're content and they love each other.
:3. short. thoroughly intoxicating domestic
tss.

0n the surface.

What the reporter doesn't perceive is that

just a little deeper down lies a yawningschism
between Johan and Marianne. Even the word
“couple” mutates into pathetic irony after a
short time.
Ingmar Bergamn. who wrote and directed
“Scenes from a Marriage" (and pared it down
from its original six-hour T.V. length) is
attempting to anwer on the screen the
question, What can you say about a decade
old marriage tlut died? Bergman haaplentyto
say and demonstrates once again his ﬂuency in
the cinematic language. "Scenes" is a striking
departure from the surreal symbolism of
“Criesand Whispers." Puttingasideincidental
characters. the ﬁlm is essentially a dialogue
between two people and the aftermth of a
discovery that their marriage isn‘t all it's
cracked up to be. Technically, 'Scenes" is
rather straightforward. Dramatically. it is a
labyrinth of etnotional turntoil.

The marital cracks that appear during the
interview begin to widendangeroualy duringa
dinner party with their “happily” married
friends Katerina (Bibi Anderson) and Peter

tum mum's-ammo Alurhgaﬂhsnastawas
nomhaiadtorloatforatgrﬂehnotthovaar.

(Jan Malmsjo). in Who‘s Afraid of Virginia
Woolf? fashion. Peter and Katerina,
lubricated by a few after-dinner drinks. begin
trading insults, taringat each other, exposing
the draky framework of their marriage. As the
evening wears on, the comments get less and
less subtle. Katerina ultimately informs Peter
that ,his very presence makes her want to
vomit. A divorce is requested on the spot.
The plight of qurina and Peter is meant to
loosely‘parallel that of Johan and Marianne.
but Berynan in serving up a rather lengthy

ﬁlm (3 hours) methoditally takes his audience
through the detailed and complex marital
inner life that leads to such an explosion of
passion. Some of th.: details are more
interesting than others. At times we feel as
ambivalent towards the ﬁlm as Johan and
Marianne feel about their marriage. This is
due in part to the running timeof the ﬁlm and,
in my own case. a serious lack of audience
identification. Unless you‘ve been married
since age l0 or so. the empathy of the IE to 25
is bound to be limited.

After her friend‘s disaster. Marianne (Liv
Ullnta'ii. Who is excellent) starts wondering
about the status of her own marriage. She‘s
desperately introspective. She questions her
happiness. She fears sexual inadaquecy and
the turbulent undercurrents that have been
brewing for ten years begin to make their
presence‘felt. Johan (Erland Josephson) is
apparently not so analytic. but he too. as we
learn. is disinterested with the marriage. To
escape the constricting routine. l‘the parties.
the vacations. the holidays," Johan takes lover

‘ and ﬂees to Paris. Johan had commented
arlier on that his relationship with Marianne
was certainly not love at ﬁrst sight. They were
both “wretched” and fell in together. But
marriage. Bergman shows us. proves no cure
for despair. Wretehedness has a curious
staying power.

“Scenes” was shot- almost entirely indoors
and the action takes place in a number of icily
claustrophobic rooms into which Marianne
and Johan are placed as the adversaries in the
marital war games. Close-ups that chop off
tops of heads and chins complete the
atmosphere.

Bergman's name is generally synonymous
with quality ﬁlm-making and “Scenes from a
Marriage” should prove another feather in his
cap. It should also prove a winner among the
“aware” married set. It is unquestionablcly
one of the most emotionally powerful.
thought-provoking ﬁlms in some time. The
torture of two people who love and hate each
other at once and yet are inexorably tied
together (their relations hardly end with the
divorce) is displayed with ﬁnesse. Bergman‘s
chronicle of a stillborn marriage is. at times.
almost too intense-the pointed dialogue.
constricting camera-work. and occassional
eruptions of violencemay be asuninvitingas it
is unsettling.

 

lblsdsr
ram

funded by studenl arsoclotlon

MMIeruhnl “*wc-w-mu-ommumm
“morn-imam

“7-9. "'5
"nonhuman-menu”

Frill! mam:

concert- Creative Source

9:” 66m 33.00nllellIVID
tin-that

MM" mam:

"Ebony Affair Ball"

‘3.50 per parses
$5.00 eagle

sunk, rant 9. mr

Film Prosontotion- Buck 8 The Preacher
Little Rascals

WWW

buyArth

/,

. N 1%
«so ms) itqu men
it

BRQI’l 8, I97 Z SrATi ﬁn‘rVCKﬁiTx/tcr 

0‘ (5“) 457-1760

r U
.l
f/

AT A 5AM:

 

GNAE “new sit-t 5—

/\

 

 

‘I

cultural "an IV A]!!! 2'47, 1975 "Survival"

w-Vﬁvw

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

vvvvvv vv

,._.‘r—t

FEBRUARY 28, 1975.

This Roman coin shows the Rape of the Sabine women.

classical forum'

Matrona

\Vivcs. would you likc iin csirii lit-
tlc prcscnt lrom your liiisbiiiids‘.’
Cclcbriitc thc Mnti'oniiliii. ()n “it:
first of March. it “lib ii Roiniin
custom for hushiinds to gnc prcscnis
to their wives. Sonic old cllslotiis
should ncvcr bc illltl\\t:tl to pci’hll
just because new ones |iii\c hccoiiic
l'zisltionitblc.

‘l'lic l'irstH'o'l‘ c'ici‘y i'noiith nits
sitcrcd to tltc goddcss .liino. .Inno. its
most othcrdcitics \\ Ito :ippcnr in im-
cicnt tiiylhologics. ticquii'cd lI\L‘l thc
ccnturics rurious lllllClltllh.
llowcwr. ltci' origintil illltl csscntiitl
Iiinction nus to protcct notncii iiiid

National Society of Film Critics

Best
Picture

Best

to plt’sltlL’ on. all IllL’ll :iclntti .
IllilltIClh. onus. iilllI iiiolhct's. Ilic
\lzitioii.ili.i \\il\. thcicloic. il lcslntil
iii lionot ol .liino.

its my iiiitiic |\ll'llll.\|lill'L‘lll. hciiig
dci‘ncd lioiii llltlll'illlllt’ "iiiiitroiis."
\\IllL‘il itwll coiiics ll'tllll llltlll‘t'\
"iiioihcrs." llnt \\ll_\ \liottltl ll hill on
thc Iiist ol Mtll't‘ll rutth thtin thc
lll'\lttli|l1)t|lllt.'l inoiitli'.’ '\Il iiiiciciit
ciilciitliii lL‘CI)ItI\ Ioi tliitl dittc tlic
dcdtciitioii h) Romain iitiiti'oiis til it
lcntplc to limit I iiciii.i t/II\ "Iigltt").
.i \Pcclill input-t oi .liiiio .lN ii hii'th
goddcss. lhc cult llllL' \totlltl iiiciin
Shc \\iho Brings t'liildtcii into thc
Light ol lilc,

Screenplay

Ingm r

Bergman

Best
Actress
Liv
Ullmann
Best

Supporting

€KCLU§N€
SHOWING

FEBRUARY 28, 1975

Mrriagg}

by Lawrence Shumel .

Who's that knocking at my door. who‘s that knocking
at my door? it‘s Death. stupid. let me in. ,

Death come swinging through the doorand fell ﬂat on
its face. in the experimental theatre. production of -
“Death Knocks.“ written by Woody Allen and directed

by Marty Lijeck. last weekend.

There comes that time in cveryone‘s life when death
enters the picture. and pulls the strings on the ﬁnal cur-
tiiin. Herc todiiy ~—gone tommorrow! Right'.’ Vell. not if
you use it bisslc bruins. Meybcc. you cuti burguin for an
extra day or two...thrcc‘.’ Ah. come now. give ii little. you

mishcugnntth!

Allen employs Jewish humor throughout the pluy. and
liiughingly crises the burden death plitys iit our lives.

Dcirth. played by Steve Goodman. is on his first
assignment: he must deliver the goods to the Boss! H c‘s it
Iltllc shaky. being new on the job. httt is nevertheless
determined. l-lccntcrs thchoincol' Mr. Ntit Ackcrniimm
giii'incnt ccnlct‘ businessman. played by .Iil)’ Burstcin.
Nail is informed that his time hits run out. and that he
must be schlcpping up to tliut big gitrincnt center in the

sky.

It nits in honor ol‘ .ltiiio I.llt.'lllll
mid to cominctnoi'iitc the loiiitditig
ol ltcr tciiiplc thiil lhu Mtilroniiliti
\\:l\ cclchi'zilcd. Sonic ol thc sitinc
cottccpix. \ttlhtitil til cotilsc lltc
goddcsx iind Iict tciiiplc. iippciii' in
lllc inodci'ii olucitnncc ol Molhci‘s‘
l)ti\. Romain iniilions. howcvct‘.
\\L'IL‘ not tncrch l'L‘UlpIL‘illh ol gills:
on thc sniitc occiision tlicy were cx-
pcctcrl to cntcrtiiin liltiT‘SL‘l'HllllH.’

lii \L'l‘) curl) times the first ol
Mnrcli “its Ncn \'ciit“s I)il_\' loi lhc
Roinniis. though they Iiitct' hcgiiii
thcii‘ )Cill on lhc first ol .liiiiuiiry. its
\icdo non. lhc iiitnicol thc iiioiillt is

Vait von moment! Vhy so soonf!!! .  “ v ,
A smart businessman. mit plenty of experience Nat
plays his cards right. and cons innocent. littlerDeathy
into agamc of-gin rummy(yetl). The stitkes... extra time.
Playing for time! Top priority for some people. non-
essential I'or others. But. oh. how important “time”

becomes in reminiscing. How much differently things

would have been handled. had you but “time.”

The game continues...

(ioodmiin. who can pass for Woody‘s brother. convin-
cineg creates il spastic. clumsy mama‘s boy out of this
turned hcruld. H is stugc movements and tone of voice are

weird. Weirdness islhc tntmcol‘tbegnmcmndinuccor- '

from the grin c.

lia Honors....uiuno, Wives

dcri\cd from tltc god Murs. thc
liithcr ol' Romulus. the lcgcndiiry
Ioundct' ol’ Rotitc.

Ill “tiling iiboiit thistlaiy. thc poct
()\ id coitnccts tltc Motioniiliii illltl
thc Icgcnd ol thc rtipc ol thc Suhinc
\\t|lllL‘ll. llic lcgcnd is \\cll known.
httt pcthiipx lussucll kiionit isthcsc-
tturl which l't‘lillL‘\ lion tlic Siibiiic
girls llllilll) \lttppctl tlic \vni'hctuccn
thcit' tnthcrs iiiitl‘dlttoltointius. llilM
thcii Illl\l)llllllh. h) rushing I’tL‘lWCcll
tlic t-otiihiiiiuits. bringing tltcir
lltlltlL‘\ \\llll thctn. .luito l.iicitui
noiilil sccin it most iippi'npriiitcdcily
to provchon much ct'cdcticc should
ltc gitcn to pocts.

dance with Allen‘s style.

llurstcin. although not its proﬁcient in Yiddish accent
its Mcl llrooks. was tolcruble. A weekend or two in the
Catskills couldn‘t hurt.

Although tin.- pliiy received some feedback from the
tiiidicncc. it lucked the quailin needed for it to work well.
The lines wore loo slinky. kind the energy was elsewhere.
The coslutning was well done. r

A few niorc rclicursiils. iiiid Dcuth could have risen

snug

He felt safe and sung
in the dark chamber;

He felt innocent and capable
of cont‘crringtpwcugt ,
 v3‘rtitt'i ‘
To someone who would never
know: he felt like ‘”
vtltimvo ii'mi lith (in r.
l .
The one blank cartridge
issued to the ﬁring squad.

. Godolpbin Rccd

 

.HOW SHOWING

 

"/- Shape
lg‘ilttnd:
\0 09'“ "

I
b

"V. f  i" j .’ x, I .
WITH THESE NEW PENGUINS

'I‘III". SIIAI'IC ()l" MINDS TO COME. .Iiiliu (i. 'I'uiloi. A sliirlling
l'cptll‘l on thc curiioi'diniii‘y potciiliiils iintl nwcsoiitc
$2.75

niiiid~incchiinics ol lllt: ltitiit'c.

MOUV‘I‘ ANALOGUE: A Non-l of Sitnbolicnlly Authentic
Nott-linclitlcnn Adventures in Mountain ('linrhing. lit'lll‘
[ruin/rum" (Illtl Intuit/In Iioii lir liiIL't'l ,S/Iultiit'k, I’otllm'ti /)\'
Wm hummil. Dittintiil's lttsl work. this cxtriiortliniir) ilti\'cl tclls lhc
ithoni'd lhc )‘r’lCilI Iiii/nnxi’blr- and the
$2.50

ttitlinislictl \IUI) ol ii \oyngc ‘
"but!" of ii \)llli)ttllt.‘ moitiitiiin.

'I‘Illi PENGUIN WORLD ATLAS. Iz'rliluil-liit Pl’ILI
unique itcw iiiilcxtonc in cartography pl‘cs'ctits it
mid dcniogriiphic l'citttii'cs togclhcr on lhc \lllllL‘
in huge l‘oi'iniit. With 128 pngcs oi intips

oi ovui‘ (ill ptigcs. $5.95

'I'III". (iAAIIﬁ ()I-' WIZARDS: I's) cltc, Scicltt’c. ittid Hyttibol in.
'l'hc lli\l hook to mposc thc litddcn link

the ()(‘CIIIL ('liuilt \ I'oiir'i'.

hctuccn thc hunton psyche iiiid thc world of thc occult, $2.50
S(‘lli.\'(‘l€ FICTION. TODAY AND TUMDRROW. lit/fli'tl lit-
Ri'giimli/ lll't’llllll. 'l his tiitiqtlc iinlltolog)’ Slil'\L"\‘h thc '
fiction in thc niodcrn world. "'l'hc tnosl intcrcsting voltiinc tlcnliiig
with scicncc liclion that | how cvcr i'c.
SEXUAL IDIEN'I‘I’I'Y CONFLICT IN CHILDREN AND

ADULTS. th‘lltil'tl (il't‘t’ll. All). An inliiniilc look iit Chllterll tind

iidults so llllllilm‘l)’ With thcir iiniilonticn
' )5

change their not.

THE SATURDAY NIGHT Si'lit‘lAls tutti Other (ions with
Which Atticrlcu Won the West. Protected llootleg Franchises. Slew
Wlldllfe. Robbed Countless Ilnuks. Shot Husbands I'urposcly and
by Mistake. tind Killed I'rcsitlents—Togcthcr with the Debate over
Continuing Sumo. Robert Sliurrill. A shocking report on the role
of guns in American life. $2.75

These new Penguins are now available

at your campus bookstore

MINDS...MOUN_TAINS...AND
”’ f».  .

/

dimgcrs of thc

[)ilttllllll.

(Ill. This
Vlll‘ltl)’ of physical
iniips. l’iihlishcd
lll full color iind :t gitlcttccr

I'olc of science

‘itl."~~l.~.ii:icAsimov. $2.95

lscxiiaility that lhcy suck to

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7A

 

