.vt‘w.\u.\i\m "- V

 

 

 

 

WhoSe' Land

by Grace Jordan

Every person who is concerned about the
future of wildlife should be up in arms about
the Interior Secretary‘s recent decision to
transfer 2 million acres of our nation‘s publicly
owned wildlife preserves from the Fish and
Wildlife Service to the Bureau of Land
Management (BLM).

This decision means that areas in Arizona.
Nevada and Montana will no longer serve the
interests of wildlife first. They will be exposed
to the “multiple use“ practices ofthe Bureau of
Land Management. The issue has raged for
eighteen months with minersand stoekmen on
the side of the Bureau and conservationists
supporting the Fish and Wildlife Service.

At stake is farmorc than three magnificent
wildlife preserves. This administrative
maneuv'e gets"; ‘dbfasmting precedent for
dismantlirigi'our entire national wildlife refuge
system. "one of the greatest conservation

 to other agencies.

 ' this decision 2 jeopardizes ' the
sooth matron of huge Wildlifeikefuges
and National Psrlts in Alaska.

The implications for Alaska are grave.”

BLM is presently fighting against the making.
of these lands as either National Parks or
National Wildlife Refuges. Obviously the

 
 

At the expense of other agencies. the BLM
is building itself into an‘“cmpirc." While the

Bureau‘s oil and coal leasing activities. it is
highly advantageous to the energy industry to
have the exploitation-oriented BLM gain
administrative control at the expense of more
conservation-minded agencies.

Members of Congress. outraged by the
BLM raid on the National Wildlife Refuge
System. have introduced bills to reverse the
transfer decision and provide the National
Wildlife System with statutory protection
from future raids. Supporters and defenders
of wildlife programs have called for a
nationwide utmpaign to oppose this ill-
eonceivcd plan..

There is simply no justiﬁcation for turning
over to the BLM. which has historically
concentrated on protecting livestock grarcrs
and mining interests. the control of ranges
established to create undisturbed
environments forwildlifc. The a was in dispute
represent less than '/zofi percent ofour public
lands. Surely wildlife deserves something!

 

 

 

I Time For a Change

by Steve Bsboulb

ntry‘s image and prestige are dangerously

This may appear to be an overly harsh assessment of the situation, but many factors have been

considered. Ponder the following factors.

"peaeemukcr." he brought the onus for producing peace on the U.S.. and. consequently himself.
, A lasting peace in the Middle East seems at best improbable now.
Kissinger did not begin us on the tragic road to failure in Vietnam. But when President Nixon
began his V ietnamization policy. Kissinger at least backed him and probably formulated some of
the policy. although he was not yet Secretary of State. And when a peace agreement was finally
signed in I973. Kissinger received a Nobel Peace Prize. In light of recent CVents.what is the worth
of that prize now'.’ The truth is that Kissin'ger‘s peace wasa public relations peace. scrvingonly to
extricate the United States from the war. South Vietnam was Very nearly a spectator at the
negotiations. And that fact alone guaranteed that a lasting peace would never be at hand until a
military victory was won by either side. Kissinger discussing Chile. has been quoted as saying:
"Why should we stand by as an ignorant population elects a Communist government?“ l'his
statement could have many repercussions. It seems to give tacit approval to the CIA ltt
overthrow any government it feels is improper. whether duly voted into office by all proper
election rules or not. Judging by the outcry following recent disclosures ol'domcsticand foreign
CIA activities. a large number of Americans would answer Kissingcr‘s question with a simple.
“Because the Communists won a free clectiott fair and square."
The State Department has become :1 one-man show. Everything is run by Henry Kissinger.
Anonymous officials have admitted that Kissinger refuses to delegateauthority. l-lccoordinalcs
all major policy decision; this system allows a dangerous amount of power to be vested in one
man. And \\ hen he finally does leave. one can envision a bumbling State Department not
knowing where to begin on any front “because Henry's not here anymore.“ A smooth transition
of power to a new Secretary with a new policy of delegating responsibility down through the

Department would seem a much healthier way to run that arm of the government.

President Ford must do something to repair our image. Once the initial shock of “losing

 

  

Pro-low Societyziodvisory session
for Pro-low Juniors with Dean R.
Gibson of Univ. College and Prof. it.

next year's officers, WodnesdoyMoy

. Tuesday, May Gilt—election of
officers, 8:00, [C '4‘. All Welcome.

Mr. Daniel Klopok, Deputy
Comptroller of the Department of
Audit and Control for the State of
New York will discuss the Myths and
Realities of Government and
Private industry on Thursday May 8
at 3:30 p.m. in the C.C. Assembly
Hall. Sponsored by Delta Sigma Pi,
the profossionuhbusinoss fraternity.

I I

Judaic Studies annual meeting
of department Humanities 354, May
5, W75 at 8 p.m. Election of student

   

vote. Door and munchies provided.
I I
m

 

Terry Wosielowski 7534958.
I I I

like being high? Take the
ultimate trip with the Skydiving
Club. Training every Fridoy at 5:00,
room 125 in the gym. Contact Steve
(462-4585) or Dun (457-4053) for
more information.
I I I

Sailing Club: interested in sailing
or learning to sail? Join the Albany
State Sailing Club. Meetings every
Tuesday at 6:30, CC 375. Everyone

Welcome.
. . .

 

Send the FTD
Sweet Surprise
this Mother’s Day...

    
    
    

 
   

     

     
 

 

': Students". interested in

'ponlcipotlngin the
publication of. on
community new'ﬁopsr in 
plooso corno‘to omootlng-in Potroon .
lounge, Monday May. 5, 7:”
U U U : ‘
Duplicate lrldge Mondo ot ‘
6:30 in CC 375. Cash prises yend
musterh poli’nts. Special ist of tho
mont ' t k
Rdroshcmorlt‘s'. ' a u go"...
I

Due to SUNY Conference Track
Moot, the mom locker room in the

who want to take Community Service

in Spring ’76 can obtain information

all year at the Community Service

Cogtoct office lCB 30 or by calling 7-
l.

The World of Hermann Hesse,
German 240 has now been
approved. Reading and lectures in
English). Computer cards not yet
available. To assure your proper
registration, leave your name and
address with the secretary of the
German Dept. Humanities 209.
Course is scheduled:Mondoy and
Wednesday 2:l0 to 3:25.

v a a

You will receive a failing grade in
Community Service if you don't
attend on evaluation session. Make
up dates are May 2nd at 2:30 p.m.
and May 6th at ll:000.rn.

I I I

 

 

W

State Fencing Society Club

tormotlon and '
alternative

6. .
contact:wa ’
Mr. Dennis libs. I
rmouvvmmusm

Service is sponsoring their 0M
spring fund drive. Irochutos' on

being sent to faculty members and '

     
   

Lecture: May 7 2-3 p.m. Fine Arts
bidg. Room l26. Down Donaldson
‘Sponish Colonial lovivof

application at Middle Earth this
woo—Dutch, Ton Eyck Hall.
I I I

Are you feeling pressured and
hauled? Overload of the and
semester work? Need some
information on housing, pregnancy,
drug idontificotion—callMiddlo
Earth 7-5300

I I I

Asp needs telephone solicitors to
poll students on relevant issues.
Tuesday evenings 6-l0 p.m. Coll
Maureen 7-7894.

I I I

Dutch Quad is sponsoring a Spring
Event on Saturday May lOth—Wo’ll
have on art show, a craft fair, beer,
music, food and dorm sponsored
booths.

I I I

if you wish to be involved in Dutch
Quads Spring Event please contact
Dionce 7-7902—Wo'ro looking for
artists 5 musicians. Its Saturday May
10 from 12-5.

not

Burt-ii Clinton a famous morsist

 

 

_ __  
every hid-y a Saturday:
lsovoscircbI-‘om.’ , 
vioWoItIrn” _ Avo.losttrl'p3 . . "
VII-s.  c '

mermaamnm. V -

  

.' g .
'Fr 8  takeover of theareasin Montana Nevadaand America’s foreign policy is in a shambles. The eou " . .
7 _ t . . , . _ , . . .  prosontotivss. Question nd V ' . . ,_ ’ ,.
~ Anlona subtly sets the stage for BLM to gain tamished. We need a new direction tn overseas affairs. President Ford has stated that we it e =—-———————'—==_ I . mm," "rind. wound dhm'zon “ gtztrzztg; wrote  .0. ,
. control over public land areas in Alaska as rcassessing our entire policy. but even more is required.The ultimate step must betaken. llenry  Wm, “Kinny. AH mam "mm .   CON mm "on". . Sunday u, , MW" 1, J
well. Kissinger must be relieved of his duties as Secretary of State. courses in minim..." .mm.‘ ,0 m." , , . “mm”. “I”. " amw'aw. I ,
I I I

Ior it"? Why drive. Toke
tho Shrdont Association ’Cindorolo’

f Fish and wildlife service and the National The failure of the Middle Eastshuttlediplomacywasa serious blow to Kissinger. be staked his SM. d "n GSPA_ A" Mm.“  a  9,," will go do,“ ho,“ 3 am. an,“ AMMM'. h s "umcdm‘. 5mm” l I. "I
' park service have seen their number or reputation on aehicvinga settlement in this manner. When he failed.aState Departmentofficial M...“ wgt‘gomo. Also election for M— 7p.m., Saturday, May 3rd. "15.1930, ” to tork afﬁrm... thin“;
I I I

Westom Ave. to campus. ldst trip

‘ ’ , . I  _ . ' . - v ' ltinashort ‘ F .1:
r . employees reduced In thepast few years. BLM opined that ll an agrcement were not reached byearly summer. war would follow wu ' ‘ _ . A" . ' . . . I . .
I s  I s  has succeeded in adding more than 800 time. When the situation is on the verge of reachingacrtststnso shortattmc. it marks the failure 7'” °l 8‘00 m ls .". Orthddg: C'hr‘iifikihdidllowi‘iil: at: clam  giriiiiaipigi"; “WI. '"u' l‘ "°"’ ““P‘lﬂi h". a "'m' . . , ' “'4' f
. ‘ positions, such additions—despiteadeclining of the policy being followed to avoid the conflict. Even allowrnifor intrapstgelncco: both bsldlih'. mum“ “d Cumming... an“; to attend our meetings, planned and widon advertised. A :5:::::,?g'm.':;n ::|i.2:w n I “"4.” "d '5
econom —were achieved to hel s eed u the it is Kissin 7er who is in the middle. By outmaneuvcring thc' its-sums or tic rig t to e t ie Au“._|m om," mum.“ "1;, un oy’s 7:00 Education Building, warn" u" I... 5..., ,9. M. . . ' " "'5', ° “CW 2
y P P P l: P Room 22. For further information call Studenes who were closed out'ond Any”. mnr.”'d may Pick up a" ﬂap“ m” I kmsum’ M.” i

at 7:30 p.m. at Mt. Pioosom loptlst »

Church, 44] WoshingtonAvo. (acro-
from Dropor)‘ Free. Everyone
weieomol

I I I

Defend Voursolfl loom Self-

rfofonso every Sunday night at 7
p.m. in Bleacher lower lounge (Dutch
Quad). See you there!

I I I

Staff members of Phoenitr: Please
be prompt for your scheduled time

- for Phoenix distribution. If problems

arise coll Vol at 462-5946. Thank you.
I I I

The spring issue of Phoenix, your
literary magazine will be distributed
in the CC lobby thoweok of May 5th
from 103 p.m. Please present your

. tux cord to obtain this issue.
I I I

Attention Duffors: Organization is
now underway for the Spring '75
AM“ Golf Tournament. The
tournament will be held thisweekend
and noxtweokend at the WestorGolf
Course. Please sign up in the AMlA
office (CC room 356) or call Nolan

       

 

 

  

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1;. achievements in the world. In the process it \ . Com e.i'i°n_5murd M 3 w h. I . . ‘ .| M
 appeargu‘trha't several laws are being Henry" subsidedin other nations. they would perhaps come to believe that another man could . - V - . ‘ a.m.PSabre and Epeae): ngnes'day gsauifaonﬂiwmg°ﬂ  (7fgggﬁ7gzz'gfl °' 0009 lewondo
L' circumvcmcdg; comp|crc|y ignored, posSIbly do the Job. With the Vietnam saga at its ghastly conclusion. the Middle l-ast still Usually available   I May 7, F0”. Dues paying members, awmuoi, unlogyhnMondoyMay . .t . m;

The .E'rtplutlpn permits the BLM to teetering on the brink of war. dctcntc in unclear health. and an twerccntrnli/ed State lorleSSlha”  - (VOU m0Y SlilllOinfpd PuY dues). 5th, 8:00 P.m., Draper 349. Coming May 5: America - the

2‘ administer the areas as units of the refuge Department, tltcreare few successes for Kissinger to look back on. For not even he isttl'tsoltllcl) $ 00' hr ,  ‘ ' ' Student Travel Guide. Courtesy of

w, l _ ' . ‘¢‘ , , r . Iv ‘ .gv Q I the SUNYA Alumni Asso ' t'

I? system. allowmg for dtsposalof any refuge by indispensable.  _ E . . . cm ton.

at W ' ' ‘i' ’I ~/ *\" ‘ 4 '

 . o oeosaeeecasoaassasaaaasesas magmas t ﬁyghﬁ. v M 0'9“ WW ASP'RANTS Daggmg;gmgm¢;
Z  i v W FTD Member Flo'lSl I -' '1 iéﬁgﬁ'gﬂ/ Over 40,000 men and woman will apply toAmanesn medical will conducta usersurvoytoimprove
J       SBlS his 0W" Prlcest    schools this year, but only about 14,000 will be aeceptsa. 70':

i . ' ‘ ' - - . - requested. The survey will take place "

 i  . I w Qualified candidates have s .Vllld alternative: modicsl "om Sunday, AP," 27 Waugh

1‘ ‘ education as Europe. For Information and application forms 50.0.4 3
i . _ . oy, May , T975.
2 i t  lopdportttnmas also available for veterinary and dentistry ' t -

, . . . c n ' ' ‘ r .

L. g F d d b I . .a "me extra credit a Idstatt, contact the information office. 56mm, km,” 00.5"“ pa. w.“
, u" e y  . speak at Aon May 4 on The Ways
 J 5  for being at the top of her class.    thot .Moko for Peace." First
' ' o . The Sweet Surprise,” a bouquet of colorful ME  E   U""°"°" Ch""[‘g‘,°5 w°’l""9'°"'

; Leaves Circ'e Leaves Partridge flowers. OrSweet Surprisell,green plants 

Z ; ~ with floral accents. Each in an imported ___'__________

i    ceramic keepsaka Your FTD FlorISl Plovlslonallv chartered by the Regents of the University of the Stars   

j l A 1 will send almost anywhere, and most I» 0' NM Yam. —_"_—_
 M .20  accept major credit cards. Ordernow_  Ilt ,- i

V; o '4» -~ “ BenofrtConcortSunday,May A, 7‘ ‘
,é’ 1915Fors s‘ r n r Dolvor . "r" l’uur EXTRA Touch“I Florist"  E'  St" New York    n P"“' CC Ball'm “Milling! 10""
v ., G) l i t ‘l‘ I sue to l y all _
: 3' . t ' 1 .45  2.0 - ' Simson and Hector, Full Circle, Kim

. . o  Krieger, Lisa Monsour, Suzanne 8.

Co., Ruth Pelham, Freddy Simmons,
Dave and Steve. $.75 w@tax, $1.25
w@out. All proceeds go to AWARE
(Albany Women against Rape).

I I I

 

 

2:30 AM
3:15 AM

2:45 AM
3:30 AM

OCSC presents...

APARTMENT CO-OI’

Do you need an apartment?
Do you want to get rid of your apartment?

    

SUNYA Jon Society Big Band
Concor.’ with special guest
performer. Directed by Irvin '
Gilrnan. SUNVA CC Cafeteria. Free. it“
Tuesday evening May 6.

 

The annual Spring

o......’o‘

 

Bus is Free with tax card.

Learn_ and enjoy international l .
Folkdoncing every Thu rsdoy evening

' at 6:00 in the third floor gymnasium r, a.
dance studio. Beginners are welcome
and dances will be taught for all

levels. Brook upthe boredom of your .

week and come on down and have a V

’4' good the. For information call Jeff ‘ v

at 457-5l87. r. .

o o . . ,V

 I ruND DRIVE

Is now in progress.

40 cents all others.

 

Note:

David Foingoid. director of the
institute for the Studoy of Human
Issues, will present Adrian Cowoll's
documentary film “The Opium
W rlords” on Tuesday, May 6, in lC
4 at 7:00 p.m. The film portrays the
politics of opium existing in the Short
'4' States of Dunno.

I

The Late Night Bus will not go

. . Wﬁrﬁeme a”

down to Lark Street

We've helped you. Call us and we’ll bring you together
472-8483

or 482-5546

 

 

‘* Now help us-- Our telephone number is

Bo Sociull Learn Social Dancing
overyWednosday nightat l0 p.m. in 5 ‘
the Dutch Quad Penthouse. learn the 
Chovcho, the lindyond the waltz. For
further information, call Denise at 7-
7769. See you therol
0 l I

Ask your parents to give generously. It will follow regular late-Ilium

jam/ml by rim/uni tl.t.\'m'ltlllull

schedule.

   

[um/ml hr .\‘llltlt'lll ll.t‘.\tlt‘ltllltlil

 

 

{{¢({{ﬁﬁﬂﬂﬂﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬂﬁ
«ﬂﬂ'ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

 

v M
wtmowuumuumwwwwum'wwomtummwwV

) MAY 2, 1975 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE ELEVEN  v '
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ~ t

MAY 2, 1975 , .

 

PAGE TEN

 

