 

 

 

err-awash... 1. 9 ‘
 §

f » and "Dealing

by Devld tuner _ 4

According to public school Social Studies
lore. what middle America like to refer to as
grade school civics class. the process at a State
Legislature is very simple: a democratically
elected representative devises bills he knows to
be in the public‘s best interests. and on the
merits of that bill, convinces his colleagues to
support it.

After Watergate. probably no one in
Ameritai still believes this fantasy. The sordid
stories 'of backroom deals. campaign
contributions in return for political favors.
bugging and other political espionage are
widespread enough to have shaken the belief
in even the most stolid American patriot.

It is the nature of the political process that
power.its acquisition and dispensation. is the
substance of the game. Bills are invariably
initiated. at least in principle. by pressure
groups for their beneﬁt. If a bill is passed. with
few exceptions. it means that the Legislators
either beneﬁt by it. or it hinders their
opposition. : I ‘

The oppositionvzmight just as easily be
within theionmrrpt; party (Young Turk
reformers”: dingheh (always the out party g
those in the'itbpartymre usually the only ones
whose bills have any chance of passage on the
floor.)

To those who have developed a sufficiently
sarcastic view of state politics, talk of power
plays and “squash the opposition“ seems
obvious. Afterall. if the legislators won‘t look

Emmy-3h ' ﬂ _
notified by'Governor' Carey that its life ends

,' sfte'rLthe ﬁscal yearends on March 3|. The

Stein Commiotion isthe one that. uncovered
the disgrace of the nursing homes. their
alleged misuse by Bernard Bergman. the
phony welfare reportinthe padded political
pockets. and the deals.

I Stein accused Stanley Steingut. Democrat
Brooklyn. and next to boss Meade Esposito
the strongest Democrat in the borough. of
having his hands stained red with the scandal
of Bergman‘s nursing homes. He has been
accused of quashing investigations into the
industry. of deliberately overlooking
fraudulent patient reports.

Steingut Commission Eliminated

Stein's report has touched former Mayor
Robert Wagner. Al Blumenthal. and others.
When Stanley Steingut came before the
Democratic Caucus in January as its
candidate for the Speaker ofthe Assembly. the
lone vote against him came fromAndrcw
Stein. Steingut said then that be bore no
malice against Stein and would not take
retaliatory action. Now Stein’s commission.
probably the most productive and efﬁcient of
all state investigatory bodies. is being killed. It
is no secret that (iovernor Carey enjoys less
than cordial relations with the Speaker. This
elimination of the Stein commission is
undoubtedly a play towards the Speaker‘s

'l‘riendship. but more important. his loyalty.

As a result ol'Congressionnl investigations
into the nursing home scandal. Steingut‘s
name has been mentioned in reference to
possible perjury charges. that he lied- to the
committee when he denied prior
knowledge of Bergman's false reports.

"A political deal between Carey and
Steingut‘.’ That's how the game is played in
Albany.

No. es From-L: ,,

, , Beneath-the Wheel

. I' always imagined that somehow people involved in an institution of higher learning were
humanists. They were individuals who believed that the success of humanity rested on theability
to enlighten as many citizens as possible. I thought that all the talk about universities being
centers of great intellectual sharing and intellectual development was basically true.

I even believed that going to college would change me somehow from a rough. undisciplined
creature into a ﬁne polished thoughtful young man ready to meet whatever challenge life would
bestow. Instead, I discovered that the educational institutions had grown corrupt of their
original ideals.

Over a hundred years ago the new Rector of Irish Catholic University in Dublin wrote. “A
University may be considered with reference either to its students or to its studies: and the
principle. that all knowledge is a whole and the separate Sciences parts of one...is equally
important when we direct our attention to students.”

l’ondering both this remark as well as the state of SUNYA as I see it illustrates clearly how
removed we have become from the noble ideas of enlightenment.

The Administration: The purpose of any administration is to coordinate an operation in the
most efficient way possible. Since SUNYA is an educational operation the administration is
responsible for efficiency in the production of degrees. Administrators are not cold'calculatcd
machines. They have families. and kids in college. and for the most part believcthat what they
are doing is for the “gum! ol‘llrc univerr'ily."

Administrators. however. don‘t concern themselves with thequality of education as much as
they concern thcmscltcs with what looks like good quality. This not so subtle distinction is what
prevents a school from becoming a true “market place of ideas." It turns an institution ol
learning into a place \t here ignorance prevails. Yes. they do try to be "fair" and just. yet somehow
fairness and justice ‘ccm always compromised by “What is best for the University.“

The Faculty: l'hc tculty isas responsible forthe crisis in our education as any group is. lhey
are cowards. lherc are only a handful of teachers who are willng to stand up for principles. The
rest are too god da lllll intimidated by this system of promotion and tenttrc. Othersjust figure that
the only any they can sort in: is by playing the game. This means churningout publications in
"signiﬁcant journals." giting the correct number of A‘s and It‘s. etc.. serving on the right
committees. establishing the proper eoimnunications and all the other prerequisites to success in
a major unitcrsity center.

Again it must be stressed that there are faculty members who speak upand don‘t bow down
and worship a sick academic system. lint they are a courageous minority and the system is so set
up as to ensure that their numbers decrease even further.

lhe students: lhere is no doubt that all of us in this institution are one way or ttnothct
\ ictinti/ed by “hat happens itt this school and how it happens. It is the students. however. who
stiller the most. because it is their education that is short changed. For sure. those students who
come herennd want to become doctors. and nurses. and atmospheric scientists can do so il the)
silllpl) lollmt' the game plan but there is tnorc.

Just the laet that the goal is the “successful man" with the "sccurejob" illustrates how well we
are shafted.

 

Everything you always wanted to know about your State ngislotors *'

*but didn't know who to ask...

PIRG’s LEGISLATIVE PROFILES

is the only comprehensive study ever

done on each State Legislator
Each Profile contains:
1) Personal History

2) Voting Record for the past 2 years
3) Opinions on Vital Issues

To find out who your Legislators are, and
to place your PROFILE order, contact

'I'I'IE PIIIG Office

Basement of Seneca Hall

457-2446 between

or Stop by the PIRG Table this week
in the CC Lobby from 10 - 2 Wed & Thurs

tart:va :‘mrm

antenna-r.

t

 

7 - 10 pm Mon - Thurs

by PttII'PelI

“It doesn
of the town is,rit makes a difference
to us whether the'people have a good
time or'not...l’eople are basically the
same no matter what they do and
where they come from. They cometo
a concert for two and a half hours.
three hours, four hours, however
much it is and they say, ‘The hell with
the rest of the world. The band and
the audience are all having a good
time and the rest of the world don't
make it shit.‘ " .

Thisis something that George Mc-
Corkle of The Marshall Tucker
Band said to me after Marshall
Tucker and The Elvin Bishop Group
played to a full house Friday nightat
the Palace Theater. Too many times
I‘ve gone to concerts where the
bands played as ifthey were thinking
past their performance. Like most
professions, making a living playing
music can‘tbe taken so seriously that
working is no longer any fun. Mc-
Corkle‘s words merely echoed what
the two bands said by their perfor-
mance.

The Elvin Bishop Group im-
mediately made it clear that they
were going to have a good time.
Elvin Bishop constantly made
gestures of approval to members of
his band as they played solos. Bishop
is an excellent guitarist, particularly
when he plays slide, but his group
isn't a one-man show. Johnny Ver-
nazu split the guitar leads with
Bishop. Phil Aaberg took some good
licks on the piano and organ while
Don Baldwin (drums) and Michael
Brooks (bass guitar) supplied the
rhythm.

While playing with Paul Butter-
ﬁeld, Bishop was very much into the
blues. Over the past few years he's
had a few bands with varying per-
sonnel. As the bands changed so did
their music. He still plays blues but
with it he has intermixed country
and rock. The groups opening song,
“Stealin' Watermelons.“ is one of the
country numbers they started doing
on their lastalbum. Let ItFIow. Ver-
nazza and Bishop complement each
other as well as any two guitarists.
Their double leads were reminiscent
but not copies of some guitar runs
from the album Lay/u.

Midway through the set Bishop
sat down and started playing a
traditional blues number in the style
of one of the first slide guitarists.
Elmore James. As Vemaua roloed.

Bishop relinquished his guitar to
McCorkle who played a ﬁne blues
break.

When asked whether Marshall

Tucker and The Bishop Group have

rehearsed together McCorkle said.
“We play with them quite a bit. We
jam on the busand in the hotel room.
We‘re just friends,we play together."
His appearance with Bishop's band
was a portent of things to come as
was their three encores.
Thoroughly satisﬁed with the
opening band's performance the

:l’alace audience wondered whether

Marshall Tucker could top it. It
didn‘t take long for them to rcalile
that Marshall Tucker would at least
match the preceding act.

The Bishop Group is a very tight
band but Marshall Tucker seems to
be held together by epoxy. Mc-
Corklc spoke of the band‘s on-stage
relationship. “I can almost tell you
when somebody‘s gonna turn
around and get a drink. whetherthey
planned itor not.yaknow. lean tell
what lick somebody‘s gonna play
next and it's not even planned.
Everybody knows cverybody‘s gon-
na do it.“

They have played together. one
and off. for the last twelve years. as
they grew up together in Spartan—
burg. South Carolina. The band as it
is now has been in existence for four
years.

“We were in different bands and
parts of us would play together. The
last one we started playing with was
the drummer ( Paul Riddle). We were
playing clubs and all. I was doing all
the lead singing and lead guitar work
because it wasn‘t nothin‘ but a three
piece band. We were having hard
times but we was working. It was fun.
We just got this band together. Me
and Tommy (bass-player Tommy
Caldwell)and Paul just started play-
ing one time. We startedjamming in
a club one night and iljust sort of fell
together. Toy (lead guitarist Toy
Caldwell) wasn't doing anything at
that time and we was the only people
around doing anything. We thought
he'd be a great asset to the band, so
we got him. Then Doug (lead singer
Doug Gray) came along and Jerry
(sax and ﬂute-player Jerry Euganks)
came along and that made it. We
started working. Practicing. we
never did work. Nobody would let us
work ‘causc we was playing our own
music."

 ' and Crowd Enjoy ’

Marshall Tucker-e they play thelr Mutual not.

Some of Marshall Tucker's music
is slow. acoustic material but this
only appears on their albums. in
concert they use lively. driving
material. “You only got a couple of
hours and a half, two hours.
whatever it is. You‘ve got to get right
down to it. We believe in starting
from the top. We don‘t waste no
time." _

During the ﬁrst set they played
songs written by Toy Caldwell.

“Can't Y on See“ motivated everyone .

to shift theirweight from their ramps
to their feet. From the album Where
We All Belong. which was released a
few months ago. they played a
western love song called “This Ol‘
Cowboy." It‘s about a cowboy
whose woman has just left him.

If you wrote down all the women‘s
names I know.

And let me pick out one.

I don't believe there'd be one in the
whole bunch.

I‘d give a hoot about.

So I don't want you to think that
you‘re the first one,

To leave this of boy out here on
his own.

Though it ain‘t gonna be the ﬁrst
time this ol‘ '
cowboy spent the night alone.

He just shrugs it off and goes on his

way.

Many of Caldwell‘s compositions
employ the theme of taking to the
road. “How Can I Slow Down“ is
about someone mnning away from
the law. Doug Gray sings about the
woman he's going to see who is
always on his mind “24 Hours At A
Time." Marshall Tucker closed their
set with “Ramblin‘ " and “Take The
Highway." the two songs which one
would most likely associate with
them. At this point the crowd was
ready to go all night but the skeptics
wondered whether the band ,was.
When the stage lights were turned on
again The Elvin Bishop Group was
on with Marshall Tucker.

Most guitarists are inﬂuenced by
other guitarists who they listened to
while lwming to play. McCorkle
said. “I didn‘t listened to nobody
white. ldidn't think they could play.
After lheard B.B. King I didn't think
there was nobody else.“

The ﬁrst encore reflected this as
the musicians amassed on stage
played an amphetamine version of
“Everyday I Have The Blues." Not
only was it Tom but it was
a lengthy version as well. Everybody
took a lick in this song. First Mc-
Corkle played a nice blues run. Ver-
naua followed and was a little more
polished. As each person played
those that followed had more
pressure on them to do their
predecessors. one better. Playing
slide. Bishop countered with his best
run of the night. Aaherg then took a
tremendous break on the piano
which set the stage for'l'oyCaldwell.
His ampliﬁer turned up the loudest.
Caldwell played a solo that B.B.
would have been proud of. This run
was definitely the most brilliant
passage played all night.
Throughout all this Tommy
Culdwell's bas's notes seemed to rise
up from the floor.

Some bands get a huge fee and
take offafter an hour on stage. Mc-
Corkle summed up his band's at-
titude towards money very wncise—'
ly. “If you ask me how much the
band makes tonight I couldn‘t tell

you. I don‘t have any idea. i don't
really give a shit. Money has to be a

necessity in spenon‘s life because.

God damn. I'vegott‘a ungotta buya
guitar every now and then. [just add

'it up at the end. I ain’t never had
.none before.“

Is this attitude typical of
musicians?

“It's not the predominant attitude
among musicians. They rather have
a dollar. some of them. What‘s a
dollar? To spend? What does it
mean? When it runs out you ain't got
shit and you're worse than you were
before. I‘ve been there before so I
don't care if I go there again.“

When the stage lights went out a
second time another ertcore was an-
ticipated. It was obvious that the
bands were having a helluva time
playing together. Bishop and his
band. the Californians, and the
South Carolinians blendai together
perfectly. The alliance on stage con-
tinued in the same vein as they
played another King song. “The
Thrill Is Gone.“ The instruments
meshed as well as anyjazl ensemble
or chamberorchestra. It wasn‘t loose
guitar work with a sax and a piano
thrown in. This rendition of a great
song had all the power of the
original.

Coats were donned as the band
left and the hall lights went on. Few

‘ people had time to leave the rows of

seats when the lights went out and
the band returned for “Will the Cir-
cle Be Unbroken." This was a bit
heavier than the way the NittyGritty
Dirt Band played it when they were
here.

By now nobody felt that they were
owed another encore. As everyone
else ﬁled out I went to speak to the
band. Keeping with the fact that the
band made it known that they were
accessible for an interview I had no
problems seeing the road manager.
Joe McConnell. or McCorkle.

Marshall Tucker has certainly
made it. As McCorkle told me.
“Markets are weird right now,
Money's tight. The market‘s bad and
other bands are experiencing it.“
(However. Marshall Tucker recently
sold out a l2.000 seat hall in
Springﬁeld. Massachusetts).

So how come you're so easy to get
an interview with? “We never turn
down an interview. That's like saying
we‘re too good. People are people.“

 

[st-Ui‘n-é’e'yCmM-uumaemmww a». s .
,.- . a,”  . . .

PIRG- our chance to be heard

"sum": mwm FEBRUARY 25 1975 mm STUDENT PRESS

., e.
t. funded by .rludml anaemia» EM" slump and Toy camweu pg they trade gultlr N"
/

 

 

 

 

 

 

v w’n‘x x x x ,. )1

 

PAGE ELEVEN

l pAGE TEN ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FEBRUARY 25, 1975

 

NW.-.» .s. . ........_.......... 0-... Mymm..ammw..

 

