 

 

 

 

   

PAGE 2

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20. 1953

 

Let’s Act Now . . .

The moment; to act is here. We, who constitute
State College, must recognize the need for action, or
in failing to recognize the need for change, inevitably
slip. slowly and miserably, into the quagmire of edu-
cational mediocrity.

The situation, to which we refer is this: A month
ago, State College students sat down to write their
final examination papers. There were a few who were
either too weak-witted or too lazy, to walk into the
examination rooms on their own abilities. These were
the few who cheated. Student leaders on campus,
realizing the need for investigation into the “Test
Scandals" asked the Administration to consider the
matter. The Admniistration replied, in effect, that
it didn’t have suffiicent information to investigate the
matter and that it should be dealt with by SA. Stu-
dent Council wrote a letter to the Administration,
stating that SA is powerless to act in the affair, and
once again asked the Administration to restore honor
to State.

In the volley of verbal and written communications,
both SA and the Administration have voiced their
inadequacy in this matter. At present, the Adminis-
tration cannot act, for it has no way of measuring
the extent of the situation. SA cannot act, for it
has no ruling power in academic affairs. We are truly
at an impasse. There is one reasonable solution, how-
ever. Yet few have thought seriously of a remedy to
the situation—such as an Honor System. Some stu-
dents who have considered the problem have said
that it would be fine, but it wouldn’t work. What
irony—that a college, devoted to the training of
teachers cannot expect its students to live honorably.
One might well ask, who will be honorable, if the
one who has taught him has never known the value
of honor.

Obviously honor is practicable. But we agree that
the standard is not held by all. So the issue finally
reverts to the question—what standards shall we ex-
pect of teachers—what degree of maturity should be
demanded. For those who are to teach or to take any
responsible part in life, there is one sure answer.
Those, whom we expect to teach, have the right to
demand of their educators, the highest standards.
What better way is there to fulfill this obligation,.to
guide students in comprehending their responSibilities
as well as their potentialities, than to institute a Sys-
tem of Honor, in which, at last, each person would
feel his responsibility to meet standards.

Therefore, we recommend to Student Council, that
it investigate the question of establishing an Honor
System at State College similar to those which have
been so effecvtive in various other colleges across the
country. As in other colleges, where the Honor System
is a living standard. an extensive program has been
initiated. This program would involve orientation of
prospective students—informing them of the pro-
gram's method of operation, demonstrating to them
the need for and the desirability of the Honor Code.
and finally accepting them as students here. only
upon their pledge to refrain from dishonorable con-
duct. The program would necess1tate a judiciary
board to handle offenders. Cooperation of the Ad-
ministration would be needed in expelling those who
had failed to meet this standard just as students
must be dismissed who cannot meet academic require-
ments. Futhermore, the program would need the ac-
tive participation of every student in maintaining
self-honor.

Student Council, it is up to you to outline and
present such a program for acceptance to the student
body. For those of you who are seeking to elevate
your chosen profession as educator, this is your op-
portunity to raise the standards to a rarely prece-
dented level. The caliber of the student body would
be raised by an influx of others who had acquired
new respect for a profession that at last could set
and meet its high standards. Likewise, the teaching
profession would not have to suffer for the trans-
gressions of a few weak-spined individuals who would
never try to meet any equitable standard.

Student Council, the solution is in your hands. We
wonder if you will have the ability and the desn'e to

0gear in mind a familiar quotation to the field of

education. ‘Let each become all that he is capable of
being." We wish to ask you—how many people ever
exceed the standard they have set for themselves?
Let's raise our standards. At last. let us become re—
sponsible lllCllVldliﬂlS#Cilixlble of" educating the future
generations of man.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

RATING —- FIRST CLASS

VOL. XXXVII February 20. 1953 No. lo

hll‘lillli'i‘H of thc .\I‘J\\'>‘i siiiII’ nniy hc l"l'li.I:l'li.'tl l'lii'hllill
iIIIil \\'i-illil‘:~i|:lj I'l'nlii 7 to II p. In of I .5 Mill. V luxl MINI.
I'iionos: I'cilcc. L! 3326; iilnillilull. 2-ili Iil. l\|l5:/.I"\'\'_Hl:l. ll h.i-i,
\llilnkl». Nil lllll'.‘; lll't'zlllsl»). Il‘Jtt‘xi'J, lrlilll,'1-i-Dl-I. ‘ l
The lilliii-l'gt‘liilnliic lit-Wsimlu-r ..r the l.\f~\\' iorli Hinli- to-
hrgi- I'nr 'l'i-.ichi-rs. i-niiiisiimi i-\‘I-I'y I'l'nloy ol Iiin lolly-gi-
\i-iir I.) lllt‘ \i'2\\'>l Illlill'il l'ol' llii' Hliiiiclil .\~Htii'itli|il|i

l‘itllior-In-(‘Illof

(.o-Mnlliiuliig l‘lillior

- — ('n-Mlliniuilm I‘iiiiior

t‘o~I‘uIlIIc "illillltllln liiilllur

(‘o-I'uiilii‘ Iiiillillium I'lilitor

. . - - .‘lporin Editor

7 » - chior Hporin .‘IllIIIIH‘I‘

“llhlut‘ﬂn'Jlltl'l‘llhlllu Murmur-r

r - - f‘irclihitloil Murmur!

» » Iiixi-Iningi- Editor

l"ciitnn~ l’.i1|ior

Amoclilfc I'lllllllr

. - - .hnoi-Ilili- I'IIiIloi'

I‘A'I'III'JIHNI'I I.\.\l‘ll - - A v v Annilcllllil I‘lllilul‘

- l i'i‘.li|ilii~ should I!" .iiliiri-nscii to llll' cililni' Iillll

It‘llllolullltlllu’llulliIl \llilll'n will In- wiiiliiclll upon l'llllil'lli

Tin» s'l‘yl'id l'ill.l.l'§lll} \l‘2\\t~l .issnincs no l‘i'n|itlilnlllllll)

for opinions |'\|ll‘|"\l'll lil li~ tiilIIIIlllh oi'nvolliliillliliillions
.,.. si|1"|| l‘\ili'l'.~>lli||> tlll not iii-cousin'in ri-llccl Ils Vlt'W

«0"

ii.\itli.\ii.\ I'ldlt'l‘l -
lll'lVlH‘ lioszuusiu
izs'rnmi “sums
Hum; liltI‘)’/.INHII\ .
ELIZAISE’I‘II l'l. r'r »
Milli. llI..\’l"i,\l.\.\ .
bolus lllllll~lli’l‘\‘ .
.ltlltlllh‘li sliolvr

‘l i It

 

"H‘IN E ELIHI
HALLI tII'ZIIItI

 

 

Mme 1(in

 

 

 

 

Cafeteria Caperettes

Goon -- Red ‘I/u'd /

By FRITZ

I was sitting in the Commons the
other day listening to a group be-
hind me talking over a class they
had just left. They were grlping as
we all will about home work—“One
week's work in one night," I heard
one say.

Then the conversation turned
slowly to personalities, as it will.
They started on the instructor. From
there it went to people in the class
and came to rest on one girl. “She'll
pass the damn course.” This last
was from a bass voice right behind
me—obvlously angry about some-
something,

When we were in elementary
school. there was one among us, who
was "teacher's pet." If your school
was like mine, things were pretty
rough for the poor kid. He gm snow
balls in the winter and hot foots in
the spring and (do laughi his
marbles switched in the fall. Yup, we
could be pretty cruel when we want-
ed to be.

Then we grew up. We came away
to college. We were grown up, or so

 

CRUMB

little group behind me.

I wonder if anybody ever stops
to think about the person of whom
he speaks. People who don’t work
in a class are usually the first out
of a class room and the ones who
avoid an instructor’s ofﬁce like the
plague.

Well, why does someone stay after
a class or drop into an ofﬁce in an
odd moment. I think there are a
couple of reasons.

One: Maybe the student isn’t get-
ting all he feels he can out of a
class. Maybe there is some point he
wants explained more fully. What
better time than right after a class
or when he has a free moment and
call stop in an office for a while.

Two: Some students learn that
teachers are human beings. Human
beings have a strange habit of be-
coming friends, when they ﬁnd that
they have something in common.
like an interest in history or Elig-
liSil.

What's the purpose of all this?
Let's leave that up to you. Let's let

they told us when we were fresh- you make up your mind. Does your

men. But still we see things like the

maturity quotient show?

.-_...

 

7min, In

 

Sunday from 3 until ’7 pm the
Albany Jazz Appreciation Society,
composed mainly of non-musicians.
is bringing local jazz talent to the
Ball ltooln of the Hotel Ten Eyck
in the form of the Tri-City Dich-
land Seven.

Ralph Sutton will be featured pi-
anlst. Other performers are Cili'nuin.
guitarist, formerly with Glenn Mil-
ler, and A1 Mastren, trombonist.

Tickets are $1.50 at the door.

Recordings of Gilbert and Sullivan
hits are going to come over the air
at 1400 on your dial at 2:30 pm.
Saturday when Rudio Council pre-
sents "Musically Speaking."

Sclcctions from the renowned op-
crettlis "Pinnfore" and "The Mika-
do" will be spun.

For those who haven’t sworn off
the theater for Lent here are the
billings for tile local theaters.

At the Delaware, the Mexican film.
“’l‘hc Young and The Damned" and
the French comedy, "The Big Day"
starring .lour tichte are showing
through Thursday. February 26.

"Apple of His Eye," 11 coillcdy, is
in Its last week at the Colonial
Playhouse.

Starting lt‘ebruary 25 for it three
wcck run is a musical by (icorgc and
fro (icrshwln. "Lady Be Good."

Churn Kirby. who Is at the Play-
house now. and Mary Lou Taylor,
who has supported Iiurgcss Moi'ideth
and Judith Evelyn Iii Ilroudwuy pro-
ductions will appear lil the lmislcui,

A it-t'lllllt'illill', "Untamed it‘ron-
ticr." with Joseph Cotton and Slici-
ly Winters and "Eight Iron Men"
are billed at the Madison through
Saturday.

The Sunday

change is bringing

   

- By SY SEMMLER

74¢ 70am

 

Loretta Young and Jeff Chandler lil
“Because of You" and 'Bonzo Gees
to College."

Tile Albany Symphony Orchestra
is presenting its final concert of the
season the same night that Emlyn
Williiuns appears Ill Page flail, Feb-
ruary 24.

The concert will open lillder the
baton of Conductor Edgar Curtiss
tit 8:30 pm. at the Philip Livingston
High School.

“Bi'iihins‘ Second Symphony ili
D." “The Mendelssohn Violin Con-
ccrt ill E Minor." Diirilis Miilunld‘s
"Suite I“i‘illlCi|lHi?" and two Gersh-
win lililllbcl's. "Wintergreen for Prcs-
ldollt" Hill] “Of Time T Sing" iil‘i‘ on
the program.

State iidllllsslon is $.50.

 

Gmmims

-. —mmv~—p———

To the Editor:

The Committee for the Revision
of the Student Association Collsltlil-
iloll is now ill work trying to draft
n [IlliII oi govci'illiicnt to be pi'csclit-
cd to the Htudcllt Association sonic-
tiliic this scillcstcl'. ’i‘ins coininittcc
is working on the assumption that ii
revision with liic pi'cscut assembly
lill'lll oi government. lluiintuilicd is
what is ticstrcd I'l‘iils is assumed
1mm lllf' b’li'iiW vow nikcu til. it ru-
ci-nt assembly). With [hill in mind.
our colniniltcc Will be gliid to receive
ally and all suggestions of ways to
iiciici‘ and Improve our prcscnt sysv
1cm.

Bradford Miller
Chairman

‘ gunman-States

By J. KOREA & R. HUGHES .__.,g- ._

.__—-——"

AVE—-

We think it’s about time Brubacher started putting
a little faith in Uncle Sam and the U. S. Naval Ob-
servatory. When you enter the place it's like going
from one time zone into another. If the administra-
tion wants the girls to he punctual, they can at least
be punctual themselvs. —-Start setting those clocks
to the correct time—Eastern Standard Time—not
Brubacher time.

We would like to comment. also, about the policy
at Brubacher of not letting the girls call a doctor
unless permission is granted. We think that if a girl
is sick and a doctor is needed, immediately, one should
not go through a lot of red tape to call one. Shoot
ﬁrst—ask questions later.

AVE LUX . . .

We wondel how many new problems will arise be-
cause of the television set which has recently been
placed in the lower Brubacher lounge. These should
be numerous and varied. We can’t predict any of
these future woes for one and all, but we have a
few suggestions to give to would-be television experts.
If you want the set to last—keep your hands off the
aerial, keep your hands off the controls, and don't
throw books, chairs or ashtrays at it. Above all, IF
YOU INSIST UPON OCCUPYING A CHAIR. WATCH
THE SCREEN, OR ELSE MAKE ROOM FOR SOME-
ONE WHO WILL.

AVE NIHIL—

Last Tuesday night, through a process of shrewd
judicial interpretation, Myskania succeeded in finding
a loop-hole in the ConstitutionvArticle If, Sentence
1, word 16. After consulting numerous sources, includ-
ing Webster's Dictionary and Locke's “Essay on Hu—
man Understanding," the group proceded to hand
down a cleverly worded, lengthy interpretation of Ar-
ticle II. Sentence 1, word 16. Speaking for the majority,
Justice Luellius stated—"We consider this a gren'
victory for the common cause of liberty. This has
been, without a doubt. the greatest advance made in
the ﬁeld of Constitutional law in the past 100 years.”
Justice Luellius then proceeded to quote Abe Lincoln
—“The world will little note. nor long remember what
1 say here, btlt it can never forget what we did here."
Speaking for the Minority. Justice Fabius stated»
‘We wuz robbed."

AVE LEX—~

Someone else, besides Myskania, has been fumbling
through dusty law books this week. Now. all wolncn.
regardless of ﬁnancial status or state of mind. ill'i'
forbidden to wear jeans at the dinner table. Ladies.
you have our sympathy.

AVE l)ll"ll‘l(‘lll.TAS—

If you ill'f: assigned to l‘ll assembly sent. you hull
better sit Ill it. From now on the Dean will have full
charge of assembly absences. and rumor says llllll
there will be trouble ahead for you unless you tnkn
yourself to the auditorium cVery Friday. without full.
We have one question to ask-wit” you are on probo-
tion. do you still get one cut per scnlcstcr?’.’?

AVIS KN[i(‘l{l.l€l-IICAI)S——

We wonder if the group llllll pills on the daily show
in the Cafeteria Allncx is going to try olli for thc
All—College Revue. It would be quite lntcrc ting, silicc
they always bring their own chccring section. Wc ni'c
also wonderingr why they insist upon shouting to
someone who is standing no more than two feet, away.
if" you can’t hear, get a hearing aid.

AVE Vi)l.lil"l‘Ai-l

We Ilope that there will bc a good turnout for Slillc
Fair tomorrow night. There will be full for oil. in-
cluding it l'uculty contribution. (Contrary to our mis-
statement, last wccki We would like to congratulate
the chairman and her committees on till excellent
job of publicity.

Speaking 01 cntcrtoinmcllf. we can't forch litlnlrn
Williams who will be in Puyc Iliill on ’I‘ucstluy. I'i'hcl'c
will be no AI.) plays that night bccilli~c Inst. ’i‘llcsdny
thcl'c two and tilc 'l‘licstl.ly lici'ol‘c ihcl't- wcrc two :lllii

tIlcl‘c jiiSl couldn‘t bc two this ’l'ucsdiiy siilcc lust
’l‘ucsduy- -chi. zillywny, you know wimt wc 'li(‘illi.| Wc
hope to see ii lili‘iii‘ crowd turn out for tho cyciit.
(H‘ES'I‘ION (ll? ’l‘lllt.‘ Wl‘lldlf—

Flicilis dcscnslis Aynlio‘z?

 

Eollege Calendar - . -

 

li‘liIlMV. I'l'lllltl‘AltV tttl
illlJlLIilllllJll. Alphli l’l Aiphn Hush Party. ih'n—
llilf‘lli'l' illiling Iioolii.

SA'I‘IIRDA I', It'I‘IIIRITAR Y ill

7:30 pm. Stutc Fun:

SIINIMV. I-‘liiilil‘AltV :5?!

ll p,iii. Sinic Colin-gi- News iliinqncl, I’cili
Pni'is,

'l‘l'I‘Ih‘llAI', FEBRUARY CH

2,liil-il::il |l.IlI. l‘llllll‘ll Wllilnliis, i’iigc linll.

WICIlNI'Zl-lllin' It'l'ililil‘AltV 735

(izllil pm.
7.30 pm.

ngliuln l.:nuh-~ IIil‘t'llllH, ilrupcr iii
MI» lililll l‘I lliilt'lllilt—l lil spent; 11‘)
"'I‘Ilc ('olliposliloli of I'icitncs‘ .II
i'Iloiogi‘iiley (‘iub incl-ling. iiiiilincli-
t'l' Hull.

730 ill”. Nt‘\\’iiliill ('iub lill‘l‘lflijt, Nl'\\llliill il.iil

’l‘lll‘ltSIlAi'. I-‘I'IIIIII‘AIH’ 26

3:30 [Hi]. l"tli‘lilll il'cscins lli’. Alll‘t‘tl I) Low to
spcuk on "Aiisii‘m; lictwccn Noni :iIHl
Wt‘sl," Ilt'npcl' Alitlllill'iliill,

 

 

0m Maa’d 0pm '

 

Hampered by a rather unstable
window, the first play of Tuesday
last got off to a slow start.

However, as the play progressed,
action picked up considerably, due
mainly to the fine acting job done
by Miss Diane Wheeler. Miss Wheel-
er gave a really fine performance
in her role as Henrietta Brewster.
Her facial expressions and inflec-
tions added very nicely to the over
all effect.

This sounds like a rather obvious
koski was rather inadequate in her
part. Her feeling for her character-
ization seemed superficial and am-
ateurish, if she had a feeling at all.

Congratulations should go to
Robert Lundergan who. in his first
appearance in the A. D. laboratory
productions, did rather well for
himself.

On the whole, the cast cooperated
to provide an entertaining bit of
comedy, and Mr. Crumb may feel
very satisfied, and rightly so, with
striking- such a happy medluln, a
feat not too often accomplished on
Page Hall stage.

The second play certainly accom-
plished the aim of its director, Mr.
Howlett, as was stated in his cur-
tain speech; namely, to transport
us into the delightful world of fan-
tasy. The mood was set immediately
upon the opening of the curtains

by the effectiveness of the imagin-
ative set.

John Lannon sustained this mood
by his characterization of a very
l.keable old man. His portrayal im-
mediately captured the hearts of his
audience, and except for a. slight
faltering at the end, was quite con-
s stent.

Jiln Conway and John Laing prov-
ed once again that small parts need
not be insignificant. Their roles,
small as they were, made an im-
pression on their audience. Their
individual characterizations were
very convincing.

The interpretation of St. Peter
was a far cry from any preconceived
idea of that venerable old man, to
this viewer. even in fantasy. His in-
terpretation, plus the costume, made
him stand out as something alien
and crude amidst the etherial at-
mosphere. But, aside from this
faulty interpretation, Mr. Goodell
did a commendable piece of acting.

Although Miss Caparls looked
quite pleasant on stage, she was not
convincing as the naive little per-
son we were led to believe she was.

Mr. Hewlett used with good re-
sults the old trick of incorporating
into the play the audience, or in
this case. the lack of it. Those peo-
ple who did attend, however, were
entertained, we feel, by two very
delightful plays.

 

WM

 

To the Editor:

Will a death awaken the adminis-
tration to the need of a modern,
well-equipped infil'mal'y? Having
heard the protest of approximately
one-third of our fellow students. we.
would like to present the problem
to the student body.

Why do we need an infirmary"
This soulids like a rather obvious
question but ill spite of its clarity,
the administration has and seems to
be overlooking the need for these
facilities. Does the new budget cell-
tain ally appropriations to improve
the preselit condition?

The recent outbreak of influenze.
constituting a lnild epidemic, is but
a portion of the probleln. Immediate
First Aid by trained personnel
lnust also be taken into considera—
tion. Since few students are able
to afford medical treatment at the
needed time, they telid to neglect
it, thus risking serious complica-
tions. In addition, the insurance
policy to which. many students sus—
cribe does not seem tideqaute be-
cause inoney is often lleeded imme-
diately.

Wouldn‘t it be both logical and
practical to convert one of the

 

o RECORDS
o FILMS DEVELOPED

Blue Note Shop

l56 Central Ave. 62-0221
Open Evenings Until 9

 

 

L. G. Balfour Co.

FRA'I‘ERNI'I‘Y JEWELRY

nudges Rings Steins
Jewelry Gifts Favors
Stationery Programs
Club I’Ills Keys
Medals Trophies

Write or Call
CARL SORENSEN
30 Murray Ave. Waterford, N.Y.

'I‘clephone 'l‘roy Adams 82563

 

 

smaller residence halls or fraterni-
ty houses into an infirmary? The
cost of maintenance would scarcely
compare to the value of the advan-
tage thus derived by this move. It
is likely that this could be accom-
plished quite economically consid-
ering the size of the college. For
example: the medical fee that ex—
isted in 1946 could very well be
regulated to provide the necessary
funds for the project.

Not only would the students ben-
efit by such a program, but room-
mates and housemothers would be
relieved of the tiresome responsibil-
ities that go with caring for the
sick.

In conclusion, we sincerely feel,
that this issue merits the careful and
intelligent consideration of every
member of the administration and
the full support of each and every
member of the student body.

E. lluprcy. D. Caldwell.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portrait At Its Finest"
‘ ‘

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOU R PORTRAIT

“

OPEN 0:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
811 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

I.0(‘A’I‘EI) A'I‘

 

CAFETERIA

l67 (‘EN'I‘RAL AVENUE
81 STATE STREET

134 STATE STREET

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWE.’ FRIDAY. FEIRUARY 20. 1933

State To Bring
Debaters Here

Approximately 1'75 high school
students are expected to attend the
First Invitational State University
High School Debate Tournament
here at State College on February
28 and March 7. At the latest count
about 25 high schools are sending
from two to six teams each, accord-
ing to Elnora Carrino, Instructor in
English.

Teams coached by Joanne Doer
’54, will come over from Albany
High, Milne will be represented by
teams under the direction of Rob-
ert Berkhofer '53, and six teams
coached by Ronald Ferguson ’54,
will come over from Vincentlan.
Other schools represented will be
Peekskill, Jamestown, Poughkeep-
sie, Liberty, Kingston, Hudson.
Newburgh, Burnt Hills-Ballston
Lake, and Jeﬁ’ersonvllle.

This Tournament has developed
from the Debate Council project
of presenting assembly debates in
local high schools. Its purpose is to
promote more responsible speaking
among high school students. To
further this aim, critiques will be
given at the end of each debate in-
stead of regular decisions.

New Mixed Chorus
To Rehearse Mandoys

A new section of the Mixed Chor-
us is open on Mondays at 3:35, an—
nounces Dr. Charles F. Stokes,
Professor of Music.

The course is open to all State
College students and no tryouts are
necessary. It is hoped that fresh-
men will take advantage of this op-
portunity since there is no longer
an orientation class, Dr. Stokes said.

 

Touring Troupe
Endures Trials

The manifold trials of actors
“on the boards" have been duly
experienced by seven members
of the Elementary Dramatics
class. Under the patient guid-
ance of Dr. P. B. Pettit, the
Lucky Seven presented “Ite-
fund" to the Seotia High School
Assembly.

In spite of several unforeseen
difficulties, the show went on.
As coincidence had it. this was
the day that the act curtain
was at the cleaner’s. But this
did not deter Pettlt’s Amateur
Players. Also, the only stage
lighting was a million-watt spot
that gave the actors the impres-
sion of performing under the
noonday sun on the Sahara
Desert.

The audience was responsive,
the faculty was cooperative, the
script was cleaned up, and the
Travelling Thespians are look-
ing forward to another success
at Castleton a week from today.

 

Honorary Fraternity
To Meet Wednesday

Signum Laudis will hold a meet-
ing on Wednesday, February 25, at
:30 p. m. in Draper 141, announces
Donald Stine '53, President.

A new faculty secretary for the
organization will be elected at this
time and committee reports will be
received and voted upon.

At the same meeting Dean Ellen
C. Stokes will discuss the proposed
establishment of a Phi Beta Kappa
chapter at State College for Teach-
ers.

All members are urged to attend
this very important meeting, Stine
reports.

PAGE ‘3

Myskania Rules
On Quorum,
ESA Questions

Declares ECA Legal,
Requests Activity Sheets

After much deliberation at their
Tuesday night meetingI the thirteen
members of Myskania reached two
of the interpretative decisions which
they were asked to make at last
week’s assembly. They concern the
interpretation of "assembly" accord-
ing to the Student Council Consti-
tution and the Eastern States Asso-
ciation Conference motion.

The first decision on the inter-
pretation of “assembly” is “Since
there is no constitutional quorum,
Myskania deems that assembly re-
fers to the regularly announced
compulsory session at 12:30 on Fri-
days, or the special assemblies call-
ed by the president of student As-
sociation or Student Council.

The second interpretative decision
made by Myskania concerning the
ESA conference motion was that:
“Since portions of the conference
are of extra-curricular interest.
thence non-academic) Myskania
must deem that consideration of
the Eastern States Association Con-
ference by Student Association is
constitutional."

Myskania passed both of the in-
terpretations unanimously.

Myskania also requests that Jun-
iors turn in their junior activity
sheets to the Myskania mailbox.
The sheets were passed out in their
Junior education classes, and are
used as a partial basis for decisions
regarding next year’s members of
Myskania, along with recommenda-
tions from Student Association.

 

 

STUDENTS!
FACULTYII
EVERYBOY!!!

AFTER-INVENTORY GLEABANBE

MONDAY, FEB. 3
ihrough

SATURDAY. FEB. 28

BIG SAVINGS

UP TO 50% SAVINGS

Excellent Values
of

Budget Boulevard and (lo-op Corners

STATE COLLEGE OO-OP

 

 

 

Waulwnwmm

n.   1.........., ..

 

 

W;

~.....~..Mm _ ,

  

 

 

J".<Bv~_. A

      

 

