PAGE 2

‘ l I
That Time Again .- . .

That yearly spectacle known as Student Associa-
tion elections is upon us again, perhaps before we are
ready for it. but nevertheless demanding of SA a bit
of solemn consideration of the future. Today in As-
seinblyvyou will be called upon to nominate those
persons whom you wish to appear on the ballot you
mark two weeks hence. An exciting Job for the con-
testants, an elating job for the victors, but also very
serious business for SA. Now is the time to consider
your candidates in relation to their abilities, not when
the ballot is placed in front of you.

Myskanla wins our commendation for having in-
terpreted its duties to mean thatreco-mmendation of
junior candidates is not obligatory. For years we have
watched Myskania's struggle: to ﬁnd ‘someone to re-
commend," this year being no exception. However,
this year’s body has at last realized that, since recom-
mendation is virtually election, long and dissatisfying
deliberations to ﬁnd ‘someone to recommend” are
senseless when the body is of the opinion that the
 abilities of the candidates it wishes to bring to SA
recommend them all equally. Since it can recommend
no more than ten, it has suggested fourteen.

We can only hope that SA will display to some small
. extent the thorough considerations which went into
‘E . selecting the Myskania suggestees. We naturally want
to see worthy leaders for next year's ofﬁces, however,
we’d also like to see a worthy ballot from which to
select them. There is nothing like crack competition
to force a candidate to display his abilities as well as
his personality.

Rocks And Bombshells

 At Myskania’s open hearings for violators of Cam--
" pus Commission regulations, a few people threw rocks
at thirteen other people, some tossed boulders at the

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. ERIDAY. APRIL 17. 1953

Mamie/4 Kati

 

Gammon-c5161“

By J. KOREA 8: R. HUGHES
l

POST MORTEM

Last Tuesday‘s open hearings held by Myskania
turned into more than we expected. During the ﬂl‘Sl;
few minutes of discussion the audience had a rather
easily-noticed “this is going to be a joke" attitude,
but as the discussion progressed, with the arrival of
the Grand Marshal of Campus Commission, the hear-
ing took on a new atmosphere. Many points concern-
ing the heretofore dusty rules of the Commission were
cleared up in a very reasonable time. We feel that
Myskania conducted themselves very admirably, even
though certain individuals were constantly trying to
confuse them. Some of the suggestions offered by the
students, on the other hand, were logical and useful.
We feel that the rules of the Commission should be
enforced and that this hearing has been a step in the
right direction. But, we also feel that the CC detect-
ives should use their heads when they enforce these
rules. Don't worry too much about someone eating
a candy bar in the Commons; catch a few of the
idiots who are smoking in the halls. We would also
like to see the iulin'_.r forbidding “amorous manifesta-
tions" (if you will pardon the expressioni reinstated.
Then we might be able to catch some people and make
the case stick.

 

 

 

We are looking forward to the next hearing.
A NEEDED ADDITION

The motion which will probably be made today.
proposing that Myskania candidates be forced lo
pass a Constitution test before they are qualiﬁed to
run for election, is deﬁnitely an excellent idea. Not
only will such a test assure an intelligent Mvskanin.
but it will also eliminate many people who rim, and

 

 

a, n Commission, and the rest sat and waited for CC's sometimes win the election. just for fun. The test.
 prepared bombshell to explode. It didn’t. Thanks to will be similar to the one which Student Council can-
_- the good handling of the situation by the court, the didates are now having to pass. If Myskania is gem”
’7 bomb ﬁzzled out after a few untimely personality ex— _ _ to be the judicial body we should be positive Elm:

 

changes. Though supposedly the purpose of the hear-

ings was to hear CC arrest charges brought to Mys-
 kania, it was soon apparent that what was to be on
 trial was the abilities of Myskania and the Commission
I‘ ' and the Commission’s regulations themselves. While
such a broad discussion at the time perhaps imposed
upon the court’s broad mindedness, we feel that it

they know what they are doing. he arguments against
this proposed test are none; it should be passed.

REORGANIZE

7min, In:  7awn

- By PEARL SZABO ——

 

I Because the Constitution Revision Committee has
failed to make its report on time, it now becomes

 

was needed. I

The Grand Marshal has admitted that these were
“Test cases." evidently so lacking in serious intent
that it was not necessary for a single arresting officer
to appear and that several could be withdrawn by
the Commission itself after their presentation. De—
spite these rather unorthodox procedures, we felt that
there was present a sincere attempt on the part of
Myskania, the Commission, and the observers alike to
accomplish two things: (ii To define and examine sev -
oral CC rules which have proven to be unenforceable.
and (2) to determine what to do with violators by
way of punishment. In the ﬁrst matter. Myskania and
CC appeared to do a little ball—passing as to who
could or should interpret the rules. One thing—con-
stitutionally, Myskania can’t. In the second case,
everyone there was stumped. A dilemma. true enough.
The NEWS offers here a three part suggestion of a
possible way out and recommends that Campus Com-
mission, Stueent Council, and the Constitutional Re-
vision Committee consider them.

1) Make Campus Commission regulations Student
Association legislation. drawn up and passed by the
Assembly. As was aptly pointed out at the hearings.
perhaps violations are prevalent because SA does not
want some of the regulations, does not think them
necessary and therefore refuses to obey them. There
is no reason. within College regulations. why the As--
semny cannot regulate its own conduct as it sees fit.

2: Have SA provide for punishment in its laws.
(.‘ampus (‘ommission cannot now take away a Sin-
dent tax ticket, but SA could impose that upon itself.
CC cannot now charge ﬁnes, but SA could give it the
right to. (And so on—these are not recommended pun-
ishments, just exemplary suggestions.)

3) Impowcr .VIyskania to interpret SA legislation
not only as to its constitutionality. but as to its in~
tent and purpose. ‘

Would this work? Could be. Here again, coopera-
tion would be needed. but CC would have a far better
chance of obtaining it were everything connected with
the system SA imposed, and the Commission merely
in charge of arresting violators.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6
BY THE CLASS OF 19I8

RATING — FIRST CLASS

 

VOL. XXXVII Alil'll 17, 1953 NO. '22
.\lciiilwi'~ ol llll‘ NEWS sliifl niily lll' i‘ciicln-d 'l'ucrnliiy
Illll \\'wlin--.il.iy from 7 ll! II p In :iI '_ 'il, l'2.\l
I’lioiics l'i‘ill‘l‘, '_' .".J'.'_'d: lilullnmn, 3 liTl'i liosyn-nslii, d N337;
\liiyukln, xii u.".l‘.'. lil'i‘zlllxlii, il.’ osTZ. l’|.ill. '.' .‘iiilii
'l'lll' lllllli-rgl‘nillluli' lic\\'n|i.||wi‘ of HIV .\-*\V \oi'l. 5".in I‘iil
logo for YI‘I-,iclivl‘.~v lililillsln-ii i-\'i-I')' l“l'ii|ii_\ ol' Ilic I‘Hl cui-
_\ciii' by lln- NEWS Iliilll'il lHl' Ilu- Sllllll‘lil Assuiviullon
HANIIAICA I L. ('I‘} - - — - - - - - l'Zilliur-lii-('Iilo!
III‘IVIII' IHDHZI‘H‘HKI ("o-Aliiiiilulng I'Iillior
I'ZH'I‘III‘IIt .\I.\\.\IHH — - - - - - ('o«.\liiiiiiuln|; I'lilllnr
IIHCNI'L IIIH'Z’IJNHK\ - (’oel'ulillc Itclililonu I'lilllnr
I'll.I'/..\IH'I'I'II I'I..\’I"I' - tiivl'lllilll' IIcIutIonn I'Illllor
AIM“. Iil..\'l‘l‘.\l.\N r - — r I - ~ — Hporiv. I'ltlllor
“(HHS lHilII'ill'l‘i' ~ 7 - - Hciilor Npol'ln Alclnlicr
.Hiltli 2 Hliliir'l" - “llhlllt‘hNA/‘lllI‘I‘llhlllg Aluniiucr
\I.\lt\l‘llil.l'l\ NliilJ'th A (‘li'cnlullon \lunngi-I
\H‘IHI'JI. \HH)I)\I.\N - ~ - - I'ZM'IiuiIuc Ilillllor
IIH'le‘I I‘IIJHH'IID v - - ~ — .\hnltl'llt‘t‘ Editor
RALLY (ilCIIlfi - - v » - - - .hmoninlc I‘ldlior
Jlit‘f l'i hl lt'l‘luN‘ » r - - \nmiclulc I'lilllor

 
 

 

 

_\|| cumiuiiuli‘,”jiillri ~ihoulil In: .iilili'i-ssoii in lhc cillloi‘ iiiid
iiiii~l hc wignwl \llllil'n will lll‘ \vilhln-lil upon i'cilucsl
l‘lic H’l.\‘|‘l‘2 iiil.l.l‘JliI-i \l'3\\‘s llhnllllll‘n no I'i'nlilllirillilllI)
lol‘ oliililiin~ u-KliI-w-Hl in Us inliiiliiis ol' I'llllllllllllil'ﬂlIlllln
.is Mich l'xllll"v~llll|r ilo pol nevi-smil‘lly l'cl’lci'l ilil Vii-w

 

 

Lauritz Melchoir and eight tal—

ented young musicians will present

a new type of concert at the RPI
Field House this Sunday, April 19.

Mr. Melchoir will emcee his young
troupe through a musical scale run-
ning from Grand Opera to the lat—
est hit tunes.

The Field House show starts at
8:45 p.m.

The Dramatics Association of Rus-
sll Sage College, Troy. will present
“Dark of the Moon," a richly hu-
morous and imaginative folk fair-
tasy, as its spring production today
and tomorrow at 8:30 p.m. in the
Little Theatre on the campus.

Admission is $.75. .

Charles Laughton will appear at
the Troy Music Hall on Thursday
evening, May 7. At this time he
will give his famous “one-man show"
entitled “An Evening with Charles
Laughton.”

A one man show of oil paintings
by E. R. Fisher of Poughkeepsie will
be featured at the Albany Institute
of HistOiy and Arts through May 

For the rest of the month the
Institute will show a group of ex-
ceptional Chinese paintings.

The Willet Players will present
“Two Blind Mice" by Samuel Spe-
wack at the Fellowship House of
the First Presbyterian Church of
Albany. Performances will continue
this evening and tomorrow evening.
Curtain time is 8:30 p.m. Tickets are
$1.00.

Radio Council's weekly disc-Jock-
cy show, “Musically Speaking," will
feature Ray Block and his Orches-
tra‘s recordings of semi—classical sc~
lcctions by various composers. Re-
member, 1400 on your dial at 2 pm
Saturday.

"Tonight We Sing" will be held
over at the Delaware Theatre for
another week.

 

60mm mam

To the Editor:

We would like to thunk vci'y sin-
cci'ely all those State College stu-
dcnts and faculty members who :
nnsclllshly gich of lhch' lime and
energy to mzikc lhc rcccnt Eiistcrn
Colleges Scicncc Conference the
great success it was. Many delegates
came up to us and expressed their
lhunks for the line reception which
you of State College extended 1:)
them. Without your help it would
have been impossible to put on :in
event of this scope and lllugiiltudc
llf'l‘t‘. All those committee chairmen,
udviscrs, and members who worked
on the coiil‘crciicc have every right
to bc proud of a job well done.

In deep appreciation.
Dr. Paul (I. Lemon
lIerbcrt I). ’l‘hicr

To the Editor of the
State (‘ollcgc News:

(in ’l‘ncsdziy cvcning thc four—
lccnlh of April ii hearing was licld
at which scvci'ul inciiibci's of Sin-
dcni Association wci'c uccuscd o1
violating scvr-i'iil of the Campus
Commission rules :i.» slalcd in ilu-
b’tiili- (‘ollcgc Freshman Handbook.
and us llllllllhlll'd in thc State (‘0!-
Icgc News, lv‘cbruuiy 13, 1953.

liiii'nie lhc i‘iict iii if u nuinbci‘ ol
llicsc ullcgcd violations lnippciicd
ovcr :i work lii'l(il'(‘ Spring i‘occss uiid
should hich bccii brought up bcfoi'c
tho vuculioii, it seems to me that.
thc ullcgcd oll'cndci's should have
bccn inloi‘mcd of their "ci'lincs" bc--

i'oi'c lhc students wci'c brought up
to bc judged.

'l'hc fact that the trials of thesc
individuals were delayed so long
inuch ii appear that ‘ampus Com-
mission hopcd to let the individuals
forget the alleged event and to whom
lhcy niuy hch been talking lo, who
might be able to dispute that the-c
cvciiis cvcr occurred.

“(,‘umpus C‘on.iiiis~ilon consists of
a group of studtins whosc incmbci's
arc selected by the standing coin-
mission yearly through a system of
try-outs based on amount of work
donc and interest shown" [State (‘ol-
lcgc Handbook, 1956, page 64! Th.-
cllcclivcness of this group has bccn
illnsli'iilcd by the way the assembly
scaling was hiindlcd. making it um
ccs~ui~y for Student Council to il~:-
sonic the responsibility. In iiddilicii
to this failurc. sonic members of thc
uccuscd group were clnirgcd wilh
viohilions which iicvci' hud bccn
publlshcd as Iiimpus Commission
rnlcs whcn Ihc i'cgnliil ions wci'c pub-
li~hcd iii The State (‘ollcge News of
I‘Il'lfllly, li'i‘lil‘lllll'y 13, lllhii. To top ll
(ill. at lciisl. oiic of tlic uccusuilom
was not subdunliulcd uiid scvci'nl
\\‘lllli'h‘hl‘h Wcrc willing lo dispuic tho
vuhdilv ol‘ lhcsc accusations.

lic uusc of ilic nuilfunctioning of
(his commission and lhc hicl'ilcicncv
cxhibilcd. i suggest thut Cuinpns
(Yonunisslon lic rcgululcd by Sin-
(lciil Assiii'iulloii. 'l‘liill. l5, illslcud ol
lhc nicinbci‘s bciiie uppolnlcd by llic,
IC‘oiillinu'd on Pom: /, Column 1)

v maidens-itE's-z,.\$}%rib-triliwwivéiilitgu,.  3i ‘,  .‘ i  ".-

necessary to take action on the tabled motion to in—
corporate Student Facilties Board into Student Board
of Finance. tWe are not blaming the Revision Com-
mittee for being late, since there is no time to con-
sider their proposalsi By taking this motion off the
table today and passing it, we will not have time
wasted nomn.ating and voting on people for the now
obsolete Student Facilities Board. Perhaps we should
state why we think that the Student Facilities Board
is now worthless. Before the Union was built we need—
ed such an organization to take care of the funds
to outﬁt rhc studcnt parts of the building, but ihcxc
days are gonc forever. We also think that it (50115“.
iutes nothing more than red tape, and that all slu—
dent funds should be under one organization, Silldvlll
Board of Finance.

LOST . . .

Lost. strayed, or . missing anyway -«thc bnnncr
oi'lthe Senior class and last year’s Student Association
iiriiiuicsl'i'om the files of Student Council. Is Lhc
Class of ‘53 to purchase its third baiinci‘ in four
years and are future students to be left wilh no l'(‘(-
0rd of what transpired in the year ‘51—'52. or is some—
onc going to “find” these articles???

I"()I{ Ii'llT U RIC CONSIDERATION

We feel that ihc Sugge~tcd List for Mvskiinia is
iuiiiiplcic and accurate. If is now Lip 10 volt, the stu-
ctcnt body. to l'l’il(l the list and bccoinc familiar with
inc names of tlic students who have worked llll(l who
will continuc to be worker». ’l‘hcir work during Ilic
past thrcc ycui's should rcccivc your votcs, Rcincnibci'
Mysxania will bc what you make it!

(:I'I'JSTION ()I" THE WEI-3K

What  the anatomical juxluposiiion of two orbic-
llllll‘lS oi'is muscle.» in u stoic of contraction? ‘2 9'2?

 

College Calendar - -

 

FRIDAY, APRIL l7
0 p.m. to 1 am. Villl I)('l'7,('l' li‘oi‘iinil Duncc.
SATURDAY, AI'RIL iii

0 p.m. to l :1 ill. Pici'cc IIilll I"(ll'lllill Duncc.

f) p.m. to I am. lii'ubuchcr llull Formal Dance
MONDAY, APRIL 20

llzlilluiii.lo-lzlilipin. chisli'iilion wilh (ll'liill‘lllll'lllfil
chuii'incii for studcnls wilh sur-
iiunics beginning with lcilci's
A-l..

’l‘l'l-lSliAY. Al’lill. 2|
2; 31mm. lo~i.:l0p.in. licgisli'ulion wilh dcpui'lnicnlnl

chuu'incn loi' sludcnis \\‘llll Mil"
nuiiics hcgininiig wilh lclicrs

A-l..

ll: Noon liccoi'd lloni' lll liooni Lid. Mon--
soui‘gsky's "l’iclui'cs on lu‘xhilii—
lion."

i\'l'1liNiCSli.v\\’. APRIL 12':
li'liilniii. 1.04130 pin, licgisli'iilloii \villi dcpui'lniciilnl
chun'incn ioi' sludciils wilh sur-

nuiiics licilnning wilh li‘lll'i‘n
A'IJ.

   

Raiders succumb Softball season:

To Commence,-

To Potter Club
In IM Volleyball

Wednesday night, April 15, the
Intramural Volleyball League swung

into action again with four games

scheduled in Page Gym. In the first

and second games of the evening,
the Grads forfeited to Thurlow and
the Raiders respectively. resulting
in the Gratis being dropped from
the league. The third contest in-
volved the Potter Club and the
Raiders, with Potter defeating the
Raiders in two games by scores of
15-13 and 15-5. The first game of
this tilt was close all the way and
featured some expert spikng by
both teams. In the second game, su-
perior Potter teamwork prevailed
over the hard fighting Raiders. APA
forfeited to the Finks in the filial
scheduled contest.

The Lions, Kappa Beta, Rousers,
and Grads have forfeited out of the
league since the opening of the sea-
son, leuvmg eight teams to f.g'ht it
out for the cl‘iampionship. As a re-
sult of these drop outs, the SLS.
Potter, Sayles, Van Dcrzee. and
Thuriow teams have been deprived
of one or more victories.

Schedule Revised

The schedule of the remaining
games in the league has DEED posted
on the MAA Bu.letin Board in low-
er Drapcr. Due to the many post-
poncmcins during the first half of
the season, the schedule is a tght
one which includes several double—
headers. thus making- it necessary
for some teams to play two contests
in a row.

(‘nrrcnt Standings

  
  
 

 

Team Wins Losses
SLS ............................... ., 2 0
Thurlow . ..................... .. 2 0
Potter  3 l
Finks , . . 2 1
APA  2 2
Van D(‘1'Z(‘( 0 l
Siiylcs 0 2
Raiders ................... ., 4

Wrestling Club
In AAU Meet

This Saturday the Stale Wrest-
ling Club will journcy to the Adiron-
dack Wrestling ’lourncj,. to be held
in Ihc Schenectady Y..Vl.C.A. This
inch w.ll include rcpi'cscniuiivcs
from the major snhools und alli-
lciic organimtions in ihc northern
Ncw York area. The State sqniicl,
sporting un imprc~sive (5-1 record,
figures to do “ch in spite of the
siiil oppositon it will midoubicdly
i-nconntcr.

’l'hc urcstlci's who will i'cprcsciit
Slulc lll Ihc mcct will be Rebel
l-lockmulh 1130i, Leroy Ncgus 1150).
Ray Woll'c 1140i. Hank P'cui‘ouch
Ilfilii. and Frank Prindlc (ital.

MAA Will Nominate
Candidates For Ollice

l“l':lll Sii'ccici' “.33, Pl‘DSldi‘lll of
.‘\l.-\:\. :iiinonnccs lhin nominations
ior N1 AA oil'iccs arc now opcn. Nom-
millions lll’t‘ to be pluccd in ihc
MAA nniil box. A notice will be
plnccd on ihc MAA bullciin board
which will give illl lhc information
concerning lllc nominations. ’l‘hc
noiiiiinilions will close 'l‘ucsdiiy afl-
crnoon :1! 4:30 p. m.

 

 

 

 

Greeks

IM softball season,will get under
way Monday. The first game Will

STATE COLLEGE nsw's. FRib‘AY. Assn. i7“. 1953'

P'Aol' a

29 CarididateSOut For Baseball,

Strong Season Opener To Be April 24

If spring ever arrives again, the

 

 

get under way at 4:30. As soon as

daylight saving

there will also be a game at 6:30.
At a captains'

the rosters were

goes into effect,

Seein’ Wit/t Maﬁa“

meeting yesterday
By DOT'I‘IE MEHAN

turned in and the

rules were reviewed. There are ..

enough teams so that there will be
a Page Field and Bevcrwyck Park

league.
Leagues Feature

Again this year the leagues will
feature lO-man ball. The teams in
the league will furn sh the officials
for the games. A team will be pen-
al.zed for failing to furnish an of-

ficlal.

Fraternities Back Strong

All the fraternities are expected
to field good teams, with APA and
the Potter Club slight favorites

Everybody likes the Spr'ngtime:
poets, young men, worms, bees, and
athletes. Everybody. that is, except
sports’ writers. It seems as though
there is a certain time in the early
part of the Spring when there ex-
ists not a person who is quite sure
whether it is Spring or the left-over
remains of Winter. It is this parti-
cular indefinable iii-between season
that proves to be a Waterloo for
sports‘ writers.

lO-Man Ball

All mann-tr of p-ans have been

among” the Greeks. There will also 11321110 {01' VHI'OUS Sl'ﬂin’: SPOI'lJSv and
be several independent clubs. Potter. 811 OVGI‘WhOll’nin; LOlITh Of Spring
APA, and SLS will have top flight fever makes lots of people anxious
h;.rl:rs on the mound this year. The to .l0111 in. HOWBWIU the lllllh‘ediCt-
“Gi'eat"Corsi w.ll be on the mount able weather, armed w'th snow.
for SLS. Pete Telfei; who had a fine rain, wind, cold, and other incle-
year on lhe hill last year, will take ment weapons manages to dampen
up the chucking duties for the club, the most enthusiastic spirits, and
John Allasio, who lost one game dur- \Vl‘et‘k the best-laid D13113~

ing last season‘s campaign will be That seems to be our position
on the hill for APA. W.th such fine. right, now, The wmmm- cal-pm- m
performers, these clubs should have the week seemed to bring every-

good seasons.

thing to a standstill, but ,ictivity

As it looks now, there is going will be ablaze again soon.

to be some red hot ba.l played this
year. So, if you get a 611211130. drop

in on one of ihe

played EVGI‘J night on Page Field or

Beverwyck Park.

Bowling at Rice's stopped with
Easter vacation. So far as we know.
the one game necessary to make all
the calculations was never played
l.:;t nevertheless, the team standngs

games that will be

are posted on the WAA bulletin
 Posts board. Congratulations to the teams

Spring Schedule

that distinguished themselves.
As each sport is f'nishczl for the

spring. Sports forwomcn willsmm season, the hours earned in that
next week if the weather permits, Sport are posted 0“ the WAA bum“

announces Aliki

Apostolides, PFCSL tin board by the managers. Remem-

drm of WAA. Schedules 01- times bar to check your hours since credit
am posted on WAA Bulletin Bowl must be carncd in at least one sport

Softball will be held on the dorm
field every weekday afternoon. In
case the field isn‘t dry it will be
postponed a week.

cd can obtain

from Pat Zylko and Lois Rulinan.
On Tuesday and Thursday nights

:4 rls' badminton
the gym.

Al. the far end
archery lJl'ilL‘thL'

before you are eligible to vote in
the WAA clcct'oiis.

All those llllf‘l‘CSI—
more information

Rival Women
To Play Soccer

Rivalry coinpciition bctwccn the
Sophs and the Trash will gci undcr
0f the dorm field wuy again on Saturday. April 2'),
will take place ill 9:30. The g'rls will squui'c oil in

will be sci up in

cvci'y Monday and Thursday, Bur— ii soccer mch to squabble over two
bars Smith and Sally May will or- rivalry poims. A win for the Fresh

ganizc the sport.
Every Tuesday

girls would givc tlicm an cdgc in
“1.4m WAA “.m the prolonged series. The prcscnl

sponsor life saving lessons ill the 8"”"9 Stilllds “l 19 Will“ “’1' 11‘“

Jewish

Connmmuy Cmuq.’ Fm. Sophomorc Gremlins to 18 points

(pnilil'icinimis and Lillli‘ Scc Ruth 1“” [he FIT-*me YOHUW Jl‘CkN-‘r

Poole.
Marilyn House

'l‘hc scene of the action is schcdulcd

mm BMW slum on llll' Dorm Ficld tui'l.

will munagc girls' vollcl’biill. ’l‘hc Th“ “Vim-v Swmlmln'ri “pm is
Hm. mm (guy is mm“; ,m “u, WAA si ll lii'lldlllg as the Public Bulli has

linllciin Board.

All iliosc intcrcslcd in tciinis cun
sec Joan Bui'guicru or Sis Dcloriu.

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave.,
Ncui‘ Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

no: as yct bccn i'cpuii'cd. Joc Loin—
l:.'ii'di, rivalry head, staics lhut the
swimming mcct will probably be
hcld somctimc in the ncai l'utui'c.

 

L. G. Balfour Co.

Iv'R A T ['2 RN ITY JEWELRY

 

PALAGE Lilith NOW

BATTLE (‘IR(‘llS
Starring
IIuiiiplircy Iiogurt
and June Allyson
Also

(‘()NI’IIII‘IN'I‘IALLY ('(INN IIC

 

 

Capitol Press
P R l N T E R S

ALL TYPES
(‘()l.l.l‘2( ill}. F‘l-tA'l‘lL‘ltNl’l‘Y
H()li()lil'l'\' PRlN'l‘ING
'l‘ltl.l'2l'll()NIL‘ 4—9703
170 South Pearl Street
Albany, New York

 

 

 

 

 

Badges Rings Steins
Jewelry Gifts Favors
Stationery Programs
Club Pins Keys
' Medals Trophies
ii. F. Honikel & Son
I’IIARMACIS'I‘S Wm” 0‘ 0”“

Founded 1905

157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

CARL SORENSEN
30 Murray Ave. Waterford, N.Y.

Adams 82563

Phone 4-2036

’l‘clcphonc ’I'i'oy

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WW

LOCATE

C A F E T E R I A
ii AT
167 (‘ENTRAL AVENUE
84 STATE STREET
134 STATE STREET

 

AA To Hold
Open Hearings

Athletic Association has prepared
its tentative budget for the year
1953—54. The AA budget will be
stated briefly in the Assembly to-
day. There will be no discussion on
this budget since time does not per-
init.

Since Student Association does
not vote on this budget, there will
be two open hearings at Brubacher
next week on Monday and Thursday
at 7:30 p. m. The AA budget in-
cludes all the varsity sports, varsity
and junior varsity basketball, var-
slty baseball and wrestling.

AA is desirous of having a large
attendance at the open hearing
next week because it is the only
mrans by which the students have
an opportunity to voice their opin—
ion on the matter. Two preliminary
budget hearings were held and the
attendance was comparatively
small.

Room numbers for these hear—
ings w‘ll be posted on school bulle-
tin boards next week on the days
of the hearings.

Strouber To Post
Sign Up Sheets

A sign up list will be posted soon
on the MAA bulletin board for all
those interested in inaugurating the
sport of golf here at State College.

This will be the initial step in
the plan which was created by a few
ardent golf enthusiasts and headed
by Bob Sirouber. It is planned to
start golf of an intramural basis
this spring than to branch out to
form a major sport if enough iii-
icrcst is shown by the student body.

A tournament can be started as
soon as enough people have signed
up to make the plan worth while.
Cages have been set up in the gym
for indoor practice when the weath-
i‘l’ is unfit for piactice outside.
Those who are interested. but feel
ihcy might not be gool enough for
l .unuincnt play should sign up
anyway. It is planned now that. in-
s iitclions will be j,-l."1l 'o How who
may i'cquc.~l them by 'llh" .nem-
bcrs who first .:is‘.'.uic.l the golf
plun.

 

ll,':. ruining
It's pouring
Join us

It won't be boring

TEMPERANGE
TAVERN

 

Vets To Comprise
Team's Nucleus

Baseball Coacn Joe Garcia has
twenty-nine candidates from which
to choose his surfing nine for this
season's curtain-raiser a week from
today. Many returning veterans.
smooth-looking neweomers, and a
quantity of pitching depth should
help make this squad a better bal-
anced aggregation than last year’s
team, which wound up with a six-
three record.

The only losses from last year’s
squad are smooth-fielding first
baseman Ken Rutley, hard hitting
Gus Sturm, and southpaw reliever
Larry Daly. Returning veterans in-
clude Al Cannon, last year’s leading
hitter with a .400 average, and four
experienced pitchers in Red Mc-
Cormick, De Combs, John Zidik.
and Herb Egert. Other returnees in-
c‘lude catchers Bob Dreher and Don
Capuano. lnfielders Fran Rodgers,
Bob DeMlchiell, Bob Sage, and Joe
Stella. and outfielders Arnie Smith,
Jim Bennett, and Don Lein.

15 Rookies Vie For Berths

The fifteen new men out for the
diamond squad have shown some
promise and will be battling last
year's vets for the starting berths.
These newoomers include Pitchers
Joe McDowell. Gene Rosenbaum,
and Tom Shumanski; catcher Nick
Cassevoy: infielders Ed LoVuolo,
Ben Tucker, Jerry Stickel, Ed Fer-
guson, Paul Hlavaty, Joe Clement,
and Ray Murphy; and outfielders
Dick Wemple, Wayne Overton, Walt
Barbale and Don Johnson.

One of the main reasons for the
failure of last year’s team was lack
of sufficient practice space. Garcia
is taking steps to remedy this fault
by smoothing off Beverwyck Park
and converting it into a baseball
diamond. The players have also vol-
unteered to help in this project.
However, the first game, against
Willimantic Teachers on April 24,
will be played at Bleeker.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portrait At Its Finest"
‘ \
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
‘ s

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
811 MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

(illii'cd.
cssclil in].

Room 20, Richardson.

 

ll Is Possible To Earn $1,000 This Summer!

A Marshall ll‘icld owned cnlci'pi'isc offers outstanding
opportunity to college mcn and women this summer. Work
in Albany ()l' in your own home ui'czi. No investment: re—
(‘omplclc training given.

if you like people, and are sucking opportunity
for personal dcvclopmcnl as well its about uvci'ug‘c iii-
comc, come for 'umpus interview on April 137 at 3:30 in
li‘urihcr infori‘mition may be ob-
tuincd from the l’luccmeui Office and from Kurt Rosen-
liuum, ('ampus llcpi'escnlutivc.

(‘zn' helpful but not

 

 

~ rates—ac “may: g5»?

   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
     
   
    
  
  
   
     
    
   
     
    
  
   
     
    
    
  
   
   
      
  
     

hora"

 
  
    
   
   
  
        
 
   
      
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
    
 
  
   
    
   
     
 
     
   
 
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
    
       
   
  
     
      
   
   
  
    
    
   
  

 

  

