 

 

 

rquﬂqau... .-

 

.5.
E
a
i


4
e
l;
i.
s
it

i


W. was man—<—

%
l

 

 

Wﬂ-L‘ﬁ'i‘.

i can“

 

é
v.
i

 

 

PAGE 4

Frosh Schedule F
Annual Banquet;
Tomorrow Night

Seniors Will Discuss
Graduation Day Plans

in Wednesday Meeting ‘

The freshmen are holding their
class banquet tomorrow evening. A
Senior class meeting will be held
Wednesday to discuss plans for
graduation.

General chairman of the fresh—
man banquet, to be held at 6:30 p.m.
tomorrow night at Herbert’s, is El-
eanor Goldman. announces William
Small, President. The banquet
speaker will be Dr. Paul Boomsliter,
Professor of English. Faculty guests
will be Robert Thorstensen. In-
structor in English, and Mrs. Thor-
stensen.

Marie Devine is chairman of the
act as Mistress of Ceremonies. In-
cluded on the entertainment pro-
entertainment comm.ttee and will
gram will be Judith Lutes who Will
give a monologue entitled, “Summer
Makes Me Cold" or “How to Get
Through It"; a trio consisting of
Robert Minster, Harlow Cushman.
and William Small.

Other committee chairmen in-
clude James Wrinn, business; and
Marjorie Kelleher. arrangements.

Tickets will be on sale until 4:30
p.m. Friday and are $1.25 for fresh-
men and $2.50 for upperclassmen
and guests.

A Senior class meeting will be
held Wednesday at 12:30 in Draper
Auditorium to discuss graduation
plans, announces Joseph Lombardi.
class president.

SMILES Plans

Easter Program

SMILES Board will sponsor its
annual Easter party for the chil-
dren at the Albany Home for Chil-
dren Sunday. The hours for this
gathering will be from 2 to 5’ p.m.
State students are cordially inVit-
ed to attend and participate.

The agenda for the afternoon
will consist of a four-fold program.
Diversiﬁed entertainment will be
provided by several State students.
This will include a solo, a mono-
.ogue. 9. Charleston routine, a va-
riety show, and a quartette. Fea-
tured in the latter are William
Small. Robert Minster. and Har-
low Cushman, freshman, and En-
gene Webb, '55.

Tattered [News’
Myskania Of Ancient History

All this talk of what sort of a .m-mg council.
Myskania to set tip led this report-
er to wondering Where our lumen“ ing at the student assembly and of- Will take place
boa-V (“me from and What "’5 Orlg‘ fei'lng its advice and assidunve to lllf'

lnally established purposes were.

“He browsing through 01“ NEWS year also that the method of elec-
fiies reveals that on April 18, 1917. ‘
Dr. Brukacher. then President of the mm,” were to “Wow, only rm“.
COllege' “nnounced' “he” sever“ HOW, while the outgoing Council was
month” work by “ mom” 00”“an to add fottr to six. and, for the first
tee- “"3 “ppomtmem of the “m time the student body Wih to elect All
College.
which, according to Dr. Brubaeher
was in the future to take charge of “Mu.th (.mmgcsn rm, H“. “.0th
melmung 5”" nizutlon of Myskiiiilii. liy this plitii

f'tedent Council at State

undergraduate life.

dent journalism. athletics, social af— “mum, would
fairs. college traditions, and student (.hmﬁmg “H, may Tm. mmklvm m
honors and preferences. The first “,0 Swim. plum mum.” 01- NEWS‘
Conn 11 was composed entirely of pmmgomu.‘ mm Quurtvm.’ Wuﬂdmll 1',.,._
find two purposes: to of Gim- Amm“.
give honor for leadership. and L" captain of the basketball team were
responsibility for the
..plrlt and the ideals of the student he” were u, m. Mom/NI by H“. Sump
mill” The Cleve“ “105°” 0“ ml" (my oinore and Junior classes, and three
protection to the platform as their m {We by HM. mumnnu Myhkum“.
names Were read, took a seat there. [0,. u mu” m 11 m. 13'

and were applauded by the student
DOW. according to our predecessors took charge oi Student Ass-o union
in journalism. There they ilﬂVC MIL elections and ballot counting No

Seniors atid

center the

evidently, tintil the present day.

The following Friday, Dean i’lert'c,
then Dean of Women, reported to utlon was drafted in 1022.
the student body that the name of
the new Senior Student Council iiud functions huvv gradually l‘een al—
"Mvskniihi."
in this year, Mysktuila was referred siiiuilon until we find it in its pres~
to its “the honorary st‘idcnt council" eni. situation today
and was to consist of not more than
twelve nor less than ten members.
five of whom were to be chosen by
the faculty utid the rest by the re.-

bccti chosen and was

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 27. 1953

istory Oi College Science Conference
eveals Facts Concerning Foundation

"""" “  College Receives
 Seventh Conlal)
X} Host Privilege

lookiiw into the history of the

Eastern Colleges Science Confer—

ence, now holding its seventh an-

annual meeting, this reporter found

ti‘at the E.C.S.C. was founded six

years ago when a group of under—

le graduates. feeling the need for a
scientific organization on their
level, brought the conference into
being. The avowed purposes of the
conference. then and now, are the
promotion of research and the
common exchange of scientific
ideas aimong interested undergrad—
uate science students in the East.

 

Having attended the past five
conferences. State College was

privileged to have its bid accepted
to act as best college to the 7th
Pictured above are members of the Executive Committee of the E.C.S.C. and committee chairmen. Annual EICSCI no“, in progress.
Left to right. seated, they are: Henry Roszewski. Madelyn Meier, palmina Calabrese, Ruth Dunn, Patricia M is the hope 01. the Executive
Dean and Faith Hanson. Standing: Michael Lamar'a. linda llopkins, Herbert 'l‘llllltl; 'ailrllliaymonil3 (liikbb. C(‘mmmCe of the Conference m“
' - ' ' - i . I t Johns. Lynn lewis. (‘hares .us , Eeitnor as is. J I r I
:lllﬂi'li)‘. tlth:   tiltinballlimbeth Phu‘ ROI)” the representatives of science stu-
m e y l . dents from nearly 100 colleges and

 ‘ "T_"'-T~— ‘“"”‘“""_'_'“—”“ —_  " uiiitersitios will gain much from

Milne Students Sororities Slate Guests To Hear illiffwlflii“Jilin?““33.2312fimﬁiii
Tie For Position Coming Events Director Speak

jccts which will be presented dur-
ing their stay here.
Dr. Leland J. Haworth, Director
0 the Brookhavcn National Labor—
atory. will be the major speaker

iiist (‘ommittee Heads
The Executive Committee, led by
Herbert Thier ‘53. Executive Chair-
\\litn conference delegates gather mzln is ".iuposed of Patricia Dean
Chi Sigma Theta will hold a fac- “L we bimqulel l"“l'~'l”_"‘i 7:45 pl,  9‘7"1'f“--Il'.\': iii-mid Hopkins 5?.
um, buffet supper Sunday after_ in.   intuitDougiewirgglnwl?” Arran'cments Vice—Clmirman; rvll-
noon. from 4 to '7 p.m., and at. that Eml‘mhtl H“ j 1' V “’1‘ U ' I” ‘53:, Tochmml
Lamey' In’ is flying in lioni \VilhllllDLUll o “11d Elizabeth

Chi S'gma Theta and Beta Zeta
have released their plans for a
weekend buffet supper and an open
house.

It has recently been revealed
that five Senior students of the
Milne Schol are tied for the hon-
ors of Valedictorian of their class.
The students, David Clarke. Nancy

:liuel l.‘.ll'illlll'l‘fl

Vl('(‘-Cliilll'llldll:

~ ‘ i ‘ 'll ledne Dr. - . .I . -
()lenhouse, Allison Paikei. Anne time \Vl. n u _ . . s . U 10 ence. “111 be m_  . ‘ I
d Sl ' l W l v Strum“- m ‘Imhemams' :hmrman tlilctilliiietlmbi nJdlin Lunnon ‘53 PM“ n‘l‘ mmlmr. mulan1L til-
Requo. all 111‘ 8y “9011913 m 0 ~ ' -. 1 x. I ~ the " -. - I ' llll’i‘t‘ heads who have mace 10
of the planning to.nmttce 01 _, ,. , ..,.,,m,, t t ' . u . _
memdcm or swim” ASMCH ' arrangements for the. fulfilling oi

afternoon‘s agenda will be Marion
Howard  Assisting are Stie Hoog-
kainp. invitations; Mary Ann Joini-
poll. refreshments, and Mary Eileen

who will fact as master of ceremo-
nies. at the affair.

Dr. Haworth will address the
delegates on “The Program of the

maintained a mark of A in every
course they have undertaken since
entering the nliitli grade.

the .t‘nfez'euce agenda are as fol-
lows: Housing, Madelyn Meier ‘54;
Student Papers. Robert Johns,
(trad; Exhibits, Raymond Call ‘54;

Donne, clean-u). So homores. M _ t . I I H  I ’_ .
n . lebetts. Guidance z I  "l! .,  . “ I lil()(llxll.|\i¥ll National Laboitt'toiy. 5~ Hum.“ Lynn LOW” D4. Rog,»
01 R Bet“ zeta bdmm" 1‘ homm" ‘m The l‘ll)f)l"ll(ll‘\’ of \"lii('ll he is di- ,1 L‘ E] B 1 M. W4 Pub

' hr Milne School. his .. ~. ' - ‘ ' m 001- ‘ ‘. i ‘ . ‘ ‘ l‘il ion. eunor a s' s .) ; -
Counselor in t c i (li,tll lioust loi men of 810 ( mm”. (“H-,9,» (m (.xmw-mwnml 10- “Swim” Hm” szewski .53;

tomorrow evening from 8:30
p.m. to 1‘). midnight. Committee
chairmen are Nina Bruno '53, re-
frcshments; Marlene Walden '54,

In"? search in atomic science. The work.
how'ctei', is that of theory and
does not deal with atomic weapons.

The speaker is it graduate of the

disclosed this year‘s graduating
class of 65 has also produced 14
students with averages of 90 or

Publicity. Puliiilna Calubrcse '54;
Meals, Faith Hanson ‘34; Social,
Huth Dtiiiii and Elizabeth Coyken-
dull. Seniors; and Tours, Raymond

lieuer- arran =enieiits' Marjorie Liddcll. . .
 “ . University of Indiana and received Gibb '53.
i -' - A .~ '1 eimo. - .
decorations, and Jaiietit Ptl m0 Umvm__

his doctor‘s degree iii
sity of Wisconsin. lie is u former
member of the faulty of Massa—
chusetts Institute of ’l‘echnology,
where he headed the division of
radiation.

His main ui'eus of study have iii—
cluded secondary emissions of
.«cecoiidiny electrons, the Joule-
Common. in Richardson Hull rillflllllliml l‘fl‘t‘i'lr “l 19\\' ll‘llllll‘l‘il'
at. 3:30 p.m. under the sponsorship I. I i. .Ill‘fiil‘oii lllll'ﬁlf‘e‘. llllf‘li‘dl'

iVi'ilalllflllh and general nut-lent den
sign. and high energ\ accelerator

entertainment. Sophomores

Commuter Club Plans
_ Coker Get Together

"(iet-ion'ther Easter Coker"
this afternoon in

Files Reveal Students Design

Program Cover

With illl abstract scientific
\l in for the cover. the program ‘
the Eastern States Science 
li‘l'i‘llt'i' will lll('lll(ll' a variety of
firms \viiuh will aid the delegates
i'lil‘lltllll", the conference in sche—

In 1919, we find Mvskania [)l'eslil- A

'the freshman class. It. was in this _ w
of Commuters (,lub, announces Joy

Longo ':'i~l, President of the organi—

 

. ~ , , . , ,., r‘ t I .
“ml to the hm” “uh ‘llmld' “It mition, Enter-tulnment. and refresh. “(We‘ll duling their programs of activity.
iuents will be featured n the pro- The election iuxludes :1 welcome

“mm. note from Dr. Evan R. Collins,

l’risideni oi the college. and ill-

vommuiers are cordially lll-
\‘iied to attend and bring their
friends. slates Miss Lougo. Events
also .uvludi- dancing anti u get. to—
:.eiher. .‘Jlembi-rs will provide the
relreslnnruis and entertainment.

(lo-i'liinrmeu for this party are
(‘ai'ole Sanders utid Vn'giiim Schne-
freshmen.

trodut toi'y
'l‘liler '33,

remarks by Herbert
(Tliui'lcnun of the Coil—

Juniors Stage
US Coronation license. Ill addition to tilt illll'()-
ductitry llli‘>>.i!:i' from Dr Luther

There is nothing like a prom! (‘. Andrews, Professor o1 Flu/SKIS.

Nothing in the world. except a
prom Queen, that is.

I..W0. I
In 1920 we find pluiis afoot for

have no voice in

Main" Hiute >lllilf'lll\ have con-
I ii‘ihutvd to the i'iitil'illilililiill of the
Sillimll‘y """""‘l4' "W pro'i'..'ir Doris ()ll‘f'lllltl ‘50, who
“Willi-l" |""'“""“'d designed the cover for llll' menu
wilful“ for the lunquet. also contributed

Last
I’l'nliliie.. ‘i'iil

Asso.iution, und ‘
her crown to Ann (apar

 

Delegates Will Dance

to be members i'X-Ufflf'iii. 'i‘wo mem- 9' 51' it'll“ “'“l h" “5 l"”"'““~““”‘ the ui'ttsfh- desiiui for the pro-
TOMOI’TOW ln BbeaCl'lel' hi" “ m" 3'9"" i'l'Illll rover. lloiinld Kosiei‘ '51")
The white carpet signed in drew the “Hill of State College and

Albany

answer to Ann's light step as. of the doviitown .u'ea of
booklet

'l‘oznori'cw evening from fl p.m. to
she approached the purple 0|" ‘ l‘lt'l‘. ut‘i' Included in the

ant, conference delegates will be

It was in 19:21 that Mvskun'u ill‘xl ll‘ll‘” “1'” 1“ ‘llllll'l' 1” ill" “Nil” namenied throne, where her to guide (ll‘lt‘iﬁilli‘s in locating tip-n-
' iilillll’. room of lll‘lllhli‘lli‘i‘ llnll. Mit— l;,‘..d..(.,,,,,,.. "mi ultrudunls; ‘.t"lou-« nieetui  and activities.
 for the occasion it'll be lill'iilshv “my “my “HI-v Mun-u.“ K,” \ . V '
ed fr. [he (‘innpus Hvreiiudei's. sine (“NJ-Al mum“... “mm (mu "‘“l‘l‘lmri l“ llf'lll'l' l\0h'7.('\\‘-\kl

':i:l. (‘iian'inan of the I’ubltvuiiou»
".nuuiftee. th. lll'll'l'Jlil will in-
f'lllilt‘ u sthetlule of .tll the events

mention is made of the bodv in the

i‘rsteonstiiutioii of Student Assot-i- “‘HHNL

Travis. and Jane Iilt‘

'l'he coronation was applaud-

tleni illlllf’l' bund trout lteiisseluer
l‘ohlevhniv Institute

'l‘hrough the years, Mysknnni's l::tth Dunn and liettt (‘oykendalf “I m. mu“. gg mumps. 1m- lurg- M (in. “unpuw... Hm, II “M m
anl'rs :lilil (‘U-(‘llnll'lllt‘ll 0f ill" est .lunior l'rom attendance in llll' tunes and l'l-li'l'm for the dis-

tered and included in the CA eon- Foi'lili (‘UIIHIHHN' “lllf'll “ll-‘5' 1”" four years. ltiiinor has it that eon-lion oi stud-n1 l'i'hi‘ni'i'h papers
l'-|Il.'.i'll for llit‘ t’lllf‘l'lflllllllf‘lll “1 l‘lngllsh spies were among the A lnoeraphv of ihe three main

“NW lll‘“‘”‘“‘""l liltll- crowd looking for ideas for their

We'll hazard il

tliltotuti-s.
ui'h llu- i‘iililll'llluitiiil ol illi' Office

The name My- ‘-"t'll~1t'l'\ is til\ii a unit oi lhe pro‘

skauiti what does it mean? A.. “Unit mm “mom”... .lu...‘ “mwnum ‘, (.(mmmh, 1th
WWW MINI Wfl)’ “Wk “1 llll'l- "ml" "1 ill" “N” "l W””“'“- “ll WWW“ bet they won't have so pretty of ('ffilllllilii'l‘ t‘llilll'ill.i|l. student
hh.“ mum“, {mm/(.1- “ huprpl to all illil'ilillllp the dance will be given u um...” “.ili‘lii'l‘:-. and lllf'lfli) uihisors lius

hum-g, lil'i'll Illlit'i'il iii the booklet.

save those who are members." 1 lie a lit

 

 

 

 

Dr. Lemon Acts
As Coordinator

- For instructors

In solving the problems associate}.
with bring ng to a st'ccessfiil con-
cli sion a conference the size of the
L.C.S.C.. tie Exetutive Committee
anJ connnmee chairmen have teen
operation. Ll'lCl advice of the college
;.i.ie;l gi‘ealy ty the assittance. co~
fa .iltv. Dr. Paul C. Lemon, Assist-
ant Professor of Biology has acted
.n the capacity of Faculty Cll.lil'-
man in coordinating the a tlvities
of faculty and students in at oe-
p.n'tinents of the conference.

Eleanor Balskis '54. Cii..;i'nntn of
Registration was aided by Mrs. El—
nora Lnri'ino. instructor in L‘pecch.
in arranging the plan for seeng
that the delegates upon arriving.r in
Albany are tificially registered. Dr,
Morris E. Eson, Assistant Professor
of Education cooperated with Mad-
elyn Meier '53 and her Housing
Con.mlttee in providing for the res-
ervation of hotel space.

To Malcom Corbie, head chef at
Erabacher Hall. goes the Commit-
tee‘s thanks for having taken care
of the planning and preparation of
the menu for the banquet tonight.
Also cooperating with Meals Chair—
man Faith Hanson ‘54 in scheduling
was Mrs. Joan H. Baden. Instructor
in English. .

Chuperoniiig the dance tomorrow
night will be Dr. and Mrs. Lemon.

Coach Merlin W. Hathaway. Iii-
structor in thsical Education :ii 4
Mrs. Hathaway. and Arthur P
Jones, Instructor in Phy~ies and
Mrs. Jones.

The Executive Committee also

wishes to express their thanks to
the following faculty who have or"
tiielv aided the student committees
l‘l making arrangements for the
conference programs. Dr. Luther
(l. Andrew's, Professor of Physics;
Dr. Allan H. Benton, Instructor in
Biology; Dr. Margaret H. Bell. As-
sistant Professor of Science; Dr.
l’i'a'i es L. Colby. Instructor in Eng—
li h' Dr. Howard H. Flierl, Assh‘i-
ant Professor of Silt‘l'll Studies:
Florence V. Grubb. Secretary. Mrs.
Merlin W. Hathaway. Social Direct-
or of Brubaeher Hall: Ruth E.
Hutcliins, Assistant Professor of
Art; Dr. Osear E. Lanford. Dean of
the College: Dr. Caroline A. Lester,
Assistant Professor of Mathematics;
Richard M. Montgomery. Supervisor
of English. the Milne School: Dr.
f’urleton A. Moose, Professor of
r"-icnr'e. the Milne School- Dr. Aiuie

"lver, Assistant Professor of
Plivsi's: Marvin .l. Pryor. Ii‘,strueior
‘i l"hvsies; Dr. Elli Slioiiby. t'llfton
C. ’l‘horne and William .1. Wall, of
the i'.'lt‘lli'tl Department.

Tainter Will Deliver
Paramount Address

The Major Address of 'he Science
Conference. scheduled for tomor-
row ul 4:30 p.m. in Page Audi—
l()l'l1llll. will be given in Dr. Maurice
1.. 'l‘uinter. Vise-l’resideut of the
Siti'hnt—Whithi'op Drug (‘oiiipuir\.
und Drei-tor of the Sterling—Win-
llll'.‘;) Research institute. Dr. 'l‘aui-
for. who will speak 'o the delegates
on the topic “'l'he (‘ioILIi-n Age of
Medicine." will be introduced by
le'li.li'l l.uintu'ca ‘53. ’l‘evlinieal
Vii'e—t‘liuil'iintii of the (‘()lllt‘l'('lll‘t‘.

A 'I'iitlllitii' of Stanford [Inner—
th. Dr. 'l‘uuuer taught from lull
to mill at that iinnei'siti. and then
became a l‘l‘illt‘ﬁﬁtil‘ of Applied l'hy-
Hftililltl ill Alhitny isledii'ul (‘tilli‘;'.e
At pie out he 1:, u till'llllli'l' of the
llilill'il of 'l‘rttstei-s of Albany (‘ol-
“we of l’lldl'lllili‘j,

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

 Faculty Committees Aid ECSC Receives Dele
in Planning ECSC Events

l)r. PAUL LEMON

Delegates Tour
Major lndusirie

This afternoon. following lunch in

 

Newspaper, TV,
 Radio Coverage

S'nce the Science Conference of-
fers such an opportunity for public-
ity of the College. the planning com-
mittees of the Conference have used
as many sources of local and na-

 t.onal coverages as possible. Pub-

licity has been arranged through
the media of radio. television, and
newspapers.

Frances Allen ‘54, has been in
chaig‘e of scheduling announce-
intnts through local radio stations.
In addition to spot announcements
on news programs, the conference
is being represented on seven dif-
ferent programs.

Today at 11:30 a. in., two out-of-
tcwn delegates will be interviewed
by Joyce Donovan over WTRY. At
1:3”. p. in. this afternoon Alice Ma-
sholan and William Floyd will ap-
lltﬂl’ in behalf of the conference on
lb; Betty Parry Show over WX-KW.
’l’smorrow's coverage includes the
interview of two out-of—town dele-
caLes on WTRY at 3:30 am. the
appearance of another out-of-town
representative and one delegate
from Albany at 3:45 p.m. over
WOKO. and a discussion by two
other representatives from outside
this area at 4:15 p. in. over WPTR.

The conference has taken over the
State College T. V. Show from 11
to 11:30 a.m. today over WRGB.
At this time Anna Teresa Laino
f;om St. Rose College will present

tlii dining, rooms of Pierce and her paper on “Breeding- and In-

Sityles Hulls, delegates to

E.C.S.C. will be guided on tours of
industries. Ac-
ioixiing to Ray Gibb, Chairman in

Albany's leading

the breeding in a Canary Family." Miss ceived

Laino will use actual birds and
that-ts for demonstration purposes.
Michael Lamarca and Linda Hop-
kins, Sei.iors, and Paimina Cala-

i‘llltl",i‘ of tours. buses will leave at bye... '54_ 00,],‘mmee heads. will also

1 p.m. li‘.iiii Draper Hull and re-

iui'n at :‘i p.m.

Delegates will have their
of touring the following places:
1) General Aiialiiie Dye Works.

L’i General Electric
oi'aloi‘i‘i.

3) Sterling - Winthrop
Institute.

4i Bender vaenle laboratory.

(it New York State Museum.

oi‘ntorit s.

Due to the form number of rcp-
rxentaflves attending the confer-
tni-e and {zl'iiilliﬁ too unwieldy for
low purposes which would have re-
»ultetl. the tours will be limited to
the official delegates. to the exclu-
.l.lll of Hldll' students. The Execu-
tae (‘onnnitiee states that the area
lii.ill.‘ill'l(‘.\ and institutes have been
1110s; helpful in opening their es-
tnohslnncnts to the delegates and
in arran; n}, and scheduling tours.
thus contributing to the educational
ivpericiu'c of the delegates while
lll.'_\‘ are ill Albany.

Displays Depict
Scientific Tools

One of the features of the Sci-
ill.'l' iiillll‘l'l'lll'.‘ this weekend will
be l‘\'lllilll.\ >]lf)ll!~'t)l'l‘.l by various

i‘tl'll.llllif‘.ll\ oi the Albany :ll‘l'll.
’l‘lu- di>plu,\s. which will highlight
:.'.l'll[lll.' instrument. and experi-

lll.lllw'. \'tlll be set tip in Page llull
(rim foduy uul tomorrow

lil.‘ following .-oi'po"ations have
11,) a display on some phase of
\ unﬁt ' or technit‘nl development
lll keepnt- \\2ih the conference:
\t’ ll (‘..i'por.dioii. l‘l.\.'lli’l' Hz'll'llfllit‘
('o.i.p;in.. Du l’onl and l)i‘lll‘lllillll'
(‘ ig'. l'diliili. Sterlin:—Wuithrop lu-
izt lti‘. lli‘lll'-Mlllllilll.1 (,‘onipuny.
and ll.i\('li'S Mills (‘ompuny

.'\l'.‘ill‘tlill.', lo Raymond (‘ull '{i-l.
ih.n:n.in of Exhibit». the (‘upiiol
.\r.-.i School l)t‘\t'lii|)lllt'llf Associa-
'. n and the Si no (‘ollt-ce Science
11:3 :nlm ni \\lll .ilso i‘iillllllillli' lo
lh.‘ rvh onion. (‘ull also announces
that students of the college are wel—
iiillit' to ltl>]l('-'i the displays any
1 me four. or tenori'oii. line to the

choice

iKnoles Lab-

Resca rc h

be present to discuss the confer-
ence briefly. In the way of news-
paper coverage. all the local papers
and the Cu ted Press are covering
the conference.

FRIDAY. MARCH 2'7. 1983

gates Will Present

 

PAGE I

Science Project Papers

 

eon/a4 ence $6M“

THURSDAY

7:30 p.m. Registration, Wellington
Hotel.

8:30 p.m. Disney Films, Page.

FRIDAY ~

9 am. Registration, Draper.

ll a.m. Opening Meeting, Dr.
Sehafer, speaker. Page.

12:30 p.m. Lunch, Pierce, Sayles
Hall dining rooms.

l..p.m. Tours.

4 p.m. Tea for faculty, Bru-
bacher.

7:45 p.m. Banquet, Dr. Haworth,

speaker, Brubacher Hall.

SATURDAY

9 am. Presentation of papers.
Draper. Husted Halls.

1:30 p.m. Papers, Draper, Husted
Halls.

12:30 p.m. Lunch. Cafeteria.

3:33 p.m. BusineSS Meeting, Page
Hall.

4:30pm. Major Address, Dr.
'l‘ainter

6:30pm. Dinner. Trinity Metho-
dist Church.

9 p.m. Dance, Brubacher Din-

ing Room.

Price Will Distribute
Supplements ln Union

All students who have not re-

following
announces

or of the

Price will

their
year‘s Pedagogue

supplements to last
may do so by
the ensuing procedure.
Veronica Price ’53, Edit-
1953 Pedagogue. Miss
be in Activity Room 5

in the Student Union evenings and
students may call there for their
stippleineiits or, if th s is inconven-
icnt. they should contact Miss Price
through Student Mail.

Who's Attending. . .

Approximately 300 collegiate scientists and their faculty representa-

tives will be in attendance at the three-day Science Conference.

The

official roster will include seine 250. but. since some schools send more than
the allotted two students and one faculty member. the list of delegates
will be increased. A listing of the 86 colleges. by state, which will be rep-
(p Neg.- yin-1; smut 11mm, yup- resented at the ceiiferenee appears below:

(‘onneetieut

Dnnbury St. Tchrs. Coli., Danbury 00116539 01 St Rose' Albany
Cornell Universdy. Ithaca
D‘Youville College, Buffalo
Hamilton College, Clinton
Harpur College, Eiidicott
Hobart College. Geneva
Hofstra College. Heinpstead
Hunter College. N.Y.C.
Keuka. College, Keuka
Mt. St. Vincent's College, N.Y.C.
Manhattan College, N.Y.C.
N. Y. S. C. T., Albany

Albertus Mal‘nus. New Haven

Wesleyan Univ, Middletown

Hillyei' College. Hartford

Yale University. New Haven

Delaware

University of Delaware. Newark

District of Columbia

National Science Foundation

Trinity College

Maryland

United States Naval Academy.
Annapolis

(iflllt'lH‘l‘ College, Baltimore

Morgan State College. Baltimore

Massachusetts

American International College.
Springfield

l‘os.on College, Chestnut Hill

li' ston Unlvei's ty. Boston

Brandeis University. Waltham

( lark University. Worcester

Harvard University. Cambridge

Regi~ College, Weston

S.nunons College, Boston

New Hampshire

Dartmouth College, Hanover

New England College. chnlker

New Jersey

Bloomfield College & Seminary,
Bloomfield

(‘uldwell College for Women,
(‘uldweii

(from an Court College. l..akewood

N. .1. State ’l‘euchei‘s College,
Montcluii'

Newark Coll. of
Newark

N. J". Coll. for Women. New
Brunswick

lltliiei‘s University, New BrunsWiek

St. l‘lllZillJi‘lll College, Convent
Station

St. Peter's College, Jersey City

Seton Hill] College, South Orange

lt‘ngnieernig.

U.

Penn.

lleaver College. .lenklntown
College for
Pittsbur
Penn. State College, Stutc College,
Hill. College of Phui'iiiucy. Pliila.
S\’illlllll()l't‘ College, Swutliniore
Temple Univ.. Pliilitdelpl‘ila
Urslnus College. Collegevillc
Waynesbur; College, Wiiynesbui'g
Westchestei' State ’I‘cln's. Coll.,
Westehestcr
Wilkes College, Wilkesbal're
Wiboii College, Chuinbersburg

4h

category of
"The Construction of a Six Inch
Reflecting
portion of this presentation will be
dcio.ed to
surfaces
upon flat surfaces. A portion of the
paper will consider the problems in-
volved in grinding and polishing a
telesvope mirror and a description

1“ Several Students.

To Read Entries
In Open Meeting

There will be 62 collegiate scien-
tific research papers presented to-
morrow morning and afternoon in
Husted Hall and the lower floor of
Draper. according to Robert Johns,
Grad, and William Wall of the Sci-
ence Department, under whose di-
rection the program has been pre-
pared. Hearlng of the papers will
be open to State students after all
of the delegates electing to hear
the paper in question have been
seated.

Each presentation will consume
twenty minutes. while a ten .minute
discussion allotted at the end of
each paper. The papers are divided
into four main categories: physics,
phychology, chemistry, and biology.

with many sub-headings under bi-
ology. The committee emphasizes
that the papers are not all of such
a nature as to be unintelligible to
the non-specialized listener.

In preparing their papers, the
science students have used original
re~earch, laboratory experiment. li-
brary facilities, and the repetition
of published work.

Joanne Nerf. delegate from Man-
hattanville College, will present her
paper on “The Coagulation of the
Blood." According to an abstract of
her paper, "In recent years with
the increased clinical use of anti-
coagulants in the treatment of dis-
orders due to embolism and throm-
bosis, the spotlight has been focus-
ed on old arm new theories of clot-
ting." Miss Neri‘s paper will there-
fore deal with the various theories
of coagulation and with techniques
used for determining clotting and
prothrombin times. The advantages
of standardized testing will also be
depicted with relation to the effect
upon society of early diagnosis and
treatment of conditions causing
abnormally early debilitating ill-
ness and sudden death.

A report from P’red Schuster, de-

legate from Brooklyn College, will

review available information on

Leukemia and its effects upon the
blood
this paper
signs of the disease and other fac-
tors influencing ldentificatlon which
N_ y_ 8. School of Forestry. Syracuse can best be uncovered by clinical
New Paltz State TClll'S., New Paltz dll‘glloms-

Oneonta State College, Oneonta

R. P. 1., Troy

.SkitllllOl'C College, Saratoga Springs
Sicna College. Loudenville

St. John's University, Brooklyn
Union College, Schenectady

S. M. A.. West Point

Univ. of Rochester, Rochester
Vassar College. Poughkcepsle

North (‘arolina

Atlantic Christian College, Wilson
()hio

system. Also considered in
will be the noticeable

A third paper. this one under the
physics, will discuss
Telescope." The major
the testing of optical
and the interference test

of the equipment iieceSsary.

Muskmgutu College. New Concord.
Western College for Women. Oxford
Pennsylvania

i.anklyn & Marshall. Lancaster
Lebanon Valley College, Anneville
Li’lt. Mercy College, Pittsburgh

Women.

do. taking
Norma E. Nicholson of New Jersey
College for
son will present a paper on “The
Moravia College for Men. Bethlehem Role of the Upper and Lower Halves
of the face as it Basis for Rating
Pleasantuess — Unpleasantness and
Attention»Rejection." The purpose
of the experiments conducted by
Miss
fellow students was to test Harold
Srliolosbci‘g‘s
l.

t,
more important iii separating pleas-
ant from
anti that the
nuportunt in distinguishing atten-

A fourth and rather unusual on"
was that considered by

Women. Miss Nichol-

Nicholson among 63 of her
hypothesis. arising
roni his two-dimensional theory.
but the lower half of the face is

unpleasant
upper

expressions.
half is there

WWI” (tummy Wm 0mm“, mimic Island iion from rejection expressions. The
Np“. “wk Providence College. Providence results of this student's experi-
A;leipln College, (nu-(ion (my Vermont ments proved to her satisfaction

liurd College, Annanditle
liai'iiurd College. N.Y.C.

NUl'Wll'll University. Nortlifield
St. Mli'lliti‘l's College. Wlnooski

that the lllilf of the face which is
it good basis for the judgments of

an etnotion, regardless of whether
it is the upper or lower half, is also

The areas in which Dr. 'l‘ttiuii-r jl‘l"t'lil't' of ihe \itl'liilh exhibits in lli'oi'kpori 'l‘ehrs. Coll. Brockport. Plll'k
has done his major work include the yninusiuin, it will not be, avull— lil’tliilili‘ll College, Brooklyn Virginia
stinputhoinunelic aunties. dintii'o— able for ll‘l‘ tozluy and probably iiol ("inirus College. iiufl'ulo Roanoke College, Salem it
plieuul deutrifiees. and local un— l!lllll Monday when the materials Clinittpliiiii College. Plattsbnrg Willfflm & Mlll‘y 0011080.
nastiwgm, \illl lune been removed. Utilgutc College, Hamilton Willhiinsburg

good basis for rating both pleas-

ant and unpleasant, and attention
and rejection.

 

