 

 

PAGE 2

 

our: COLLEGE NEWI. FRIDAY. MARCH 13. 1933

 

Compulsory or Not . .4

Today in Assembly, SA will be presented with
two plans for compulsory insurance, plans which
are essentially similar. For several weeks a commit-
tee operating out of Student Council has been in-
vestigating just such types of insurance, and, ap-
parently, Council as a whole has come to the
conclusion that at this time some type of compulsory
insurance would be most practical and most bene-
ficial to the College as a whole. Perhaps a little
background on the situation and the reaching of
that conclusion is needed.

It will be noted that, unlike last year’s special
assemblies in which compulsory insurance was vot-
ed down, no alternative plan of insurance of an
optional nature is to be offered. This does not mean
that the company which now underwrites our pol-
icy, Mutual of Omaha, has said that it deﬁnitely
will no longer insure us on a non-compulsory basis.
Mutual has carried our present policy for six years
and in each of these years has either lost money
or just broken even. Why? Because our loss ratio
has continually been 95 to 100%, meaning that
over 95% of those participating in the plan took
more out in claims than the $25 they paid as
premium. This is obviously not good business. In
order for us to be a good risk, our loss rating ought
to be under 60%. This can never be as long as so
few (530 this year and 600-640 in the three years
before) participate. To be a safe risk, to guarantee
to the company that those participating do not
represent the most chronic claim-filers alone, 800-
000 should be participating. This has proven to be
an impossibility under optional insurance.

Again, Mutual has not said that it would not
insure US on a non-compulsory basis. If SA turns
down both compulsory proposals today, the result
will be one of watching and waiting on the part of
the company to see what the prospects for partici-
pation next year are. The company has merely ex-
pressed the opinion that it would rather insure us
on a compulsory basis. If, after two or three years
under such a program, the plan proved to be a
more successful venture, it is probable that either
the premium would be reduced or the benefits ex-
tended.

Couldn't we look elsewhere for a non-compulsory
policy? Certainly, but it stands to reason that any
new company insuring us will want to know why
we desire a change and what the experience of our
past insurers has been. Frankly, our record does
not recommend us very highly as a new account.

The policies offered you today are admittedly
more limited than the present insurance plan. They
represent, however, an attempt to conform to SA's
tradional demand for frugality as far as premiums
“0.

Mutual of Omaha underwrites the insurance plans
of eleven units of the State University. At present,
eight of these units subscribe to compulsory insur-
ance. Is this an argument for our adopting such a
policy? in itself, no. However, this does represent
a trend in policy coming from sources far above
this individual college» a trend in the State Uni-
versity toward compulsory insurance in all of its
units. in other words, if we ttirii down such insur-
ance, there is a good possibility that eventually it
will be imposed upon us forcibly.

in this college individually, one very forceful
reason for the desirability of a compulsory plan is
the proposed instigation of football as aii inter-
collegiate sport. \\'ith coverage on a voluntary basis,
we could never afford to pay the premiums oti iii-
siiraiice for a football team. HoWever, if we were
able to approach a company for such insurance and
say that another company was already covering the
first 5500 of claims on a compulsory basis, the preur
iums Would be within otir reach.

'l‘oday, all the arguments of individual justice
and democratic rights will no doubt be raised as
they have been whenever compulsion in insurance
has come up. 'l'hese are not unreasonable ai'guiiieiits.
just remember that the relative merits of both types
of insurance have been investigated and that no one
but SA stands to benefit from the introduction of a
compulsory plan, There are many points in favor
of such a plan, points which have not been arbitrar—
ilv raised. lloii't reject them arbitrarily. Should
you. SA, decide to impose such insurance upon your—
selves, we predict that with the issuance of the
Freshman Handbook next year, the fee will cause
llti comment, btit will be paid by lllitll'lt ulatiiig stu—
dents as just another standard retliiiretiient for at—
tending State. Finally. in ansWt-r to the one argu-
ment against toiiipuisory iiisuraiite which we con-
sider unfounded, Wt‘ maintain that there is no stu-
deiit of this college who would Iiot be able to re-

turn because of any such insurance fee imposed
upon him.

Mme Kala

 

BUT‘

NOT BEHIND it; NOT on H,

UNDER lT ll

  

INST/\LLMENT ONE :
BUDGET

ROUND ONE t’s ????:
gavs

 

 

  

 

 

14 gentleman 4m :40an

 

It is a basic and inevitable tenet
of life that human nature suffer
from its fatal attachment to ele-
ments which thoroughly and meth-
odically eat away at its very roots.
This “fatal attachment" is a great
pitfall of man; and to him all guilt
for it is ascribed. But it would be
better for us to give man the bene-
fit of the doubt. refute those who are
baying the end of man, and devote
some of our selves and our lives to
ﬁnding and remedying that evil
force which pervades all existence
and makes of man a diminutive, a
negation of all he really is.

We had been on a weekend "lark,"
and were hitch—hiking back to Al-
bany from New York City. It was
cold that Sunday afternoon. and we
remember that our store of choice
invectives had long since been ex-
hausted on the many passing cars.
Finally, one stopped and we were
offered a ride. The driver, it turned
out, was a Hollywood screen writer.
His car carried California plates, as
testimony, and we learned he was
just that day beginning his return
trip back to "East of Eden," after
coming to New York in the hopes of
having a play of his produced on
Broadway.

Inevitably, we got to talking about
Hollywood and writing. We were so
deeply engrossed in conversation we
nearly forgot that Albany was where
we left him. while he continued 011
through to Buffalo and points West.
But being in the middle of an inter-
esting discussion. taiid he being iii
no particular hurry to get to “Para--
tTisc”—iior we either). we adjourned
to a bar. where we passed the re-
maindcr of that afternoon.

He was young, this writer, yet

By TED and FRANK

 

age and experience had etched them-
selves deeply into what was other—
wise a ﬁne, handsome countenance.
The bitterness of his talk almost
obliterated the already faint shad-
ow-memory that sometimes peered
out from his eyes—eyes that had
once glimpsed eternity, but were now
cold.

He spoke of many things, this dead
idealist: his youth—college and in-
tellectual growth: giant—professors
who scolded and molded him; the
electricity of delight that bolted
through him when his first story
was bought and published by Es-
quire; tho telegram from MGM of-
fering him a writing contract.

Hollywood: the technicolor grave-
yard of living men turned dtist. His
writing there: two in the morning,
potindlng out a story—line for the
seenarists to translate—an original
which would be credited to the name
writer drawing ﬁve thousand a week
but who got too stewed that week
to make his deadline; other morn-
ings. tired and nervous, mechanic-
ally puking out hackwork that the
gullible public would gobble up; his
producer "Ed. whip me up a tear-

jerker . . . You know, boy meets
girl . . . She dies . . . and all that
tripe . Remember, action and

crying broads—lots of it . . .

The bottle: agonizing days anti
nights of drunken disillusionment;
"how far away I am from myself—-~
flow eaten-up and picked itptll‘lr~
liowm“; the try to get back to be-
ing a human instead of a ﬁve-hund-
red-a-wcck machine; the play—New
York and promises; now back, biit
to where to what?

The afternoon was gone; We shook
hands and went our ways.

 



 

Dear Sir:

I read in the College paper that
otir lair campus is to be graced with
a new iiiillioti dollar btiildiiig devot—
ed to the aspirants of Di'tiiiiittics
and Arts. I am very glad to hear
this as I advocate nil advancements
and improvements that come to
State College. Yet, I feel that the
death knoll is being rung over the
years of promise.» and procrastina-
tioiis heralding any possible il(l-
vuiiceiiieiit. or construction of a
much needed Field House!

What has happened to the Atlllll'
iiisti'ntioii's lll‘tlllllh't' for recognition
of our need for better athletic in-
cilities? (ioitig hack to the great
surge on campus for a football
teutii, l recollect that it was the de-
mand ot‘ the Administration that
we foi‘ego any such aettivties lie-
cause they would hamper the State
lludget llllt' containing an A-l
LY Nellttliliil) l"llt.‘l.ll HOUSE! liow
Priority for our NEW AND GREAT—
tlicn do we justify the precedence

given to the new D to A building?
I am. and always will be, an ar-
deiit supporter of bigger and better
athletics at State College, but it
shakes my confidence to see such
outright abuse to the Athletic De—
partment. Does the hand that used
to put us on the back now hold 0.
knife?
Your for better days ahead,
lion Burns '52
lt‘tlllor's Nolt's "Iiiti'tlat("', (t Hittlr
t/I'tltl o] ‘.‘il, lt‘tl lltc Nli‘ll’ﬂ Sports
s/o/l (IN Editor lthl year. In una-
lt't'l' to his inquiries and those of
tillltl‘h‘, ntui/ ll't c.rpluiit (lint lllt.‘
yum, propositl Io fll' t'I't‘t‘le on the
sil. o/ “if” present Huniniil House
and hurmclrii, remains a! the top
or llllN (‘ollt'g/c'x I't‘qltt'NlN under lllt'
capital constriu'tioii program. The
Inc! Iltul the liiiuiictiig o/ «in cr-
Itiisioit lo Pom and Richardson
Hulls lift-v come up for considera-
lion first indicates that (he Hlulc
centrally tlcr'lns this building o/

(Continued on Page 6, Column a;

Gama-Slain

By J. KOREA & ll. HUGHIS

 

DISGUSTING

For the past month we have noticed that certain
vulgar individuals have been adding comments to
many of the notices which are posted on various bul-
letin boards. We have also noticed that certain other
obscene announcements have been posted on many of
the bulletin boards. All of this vulgarity seems to be
the work of one specific group of individuals who for
some reason or other, like this particular brand of
humor. We do not. We will not go into a lengthy mor-
alistic discussion, since we feel that most college stu—
dents understand why humor of this sort has no place
on public bulletin boards. Any student seeing any of
this trash—either the comments or the individuals
themselves—should see to it that the papers are torn
down or the individuals reported to Campus Commis-
sion. We have already taken many of these comments
down, but this degenerate group still persists in spread-
ing their obscene remarks.
A-PLUS

The publicity which has been erected for the forth-
coming Junior Prom is the ﬁnest that we have ever
seen for any class event—Big 4's excepted. The posters
and the other displays are certainly a credit to the
Junior class. We were sorry to see that some malicious
individual, or individuals. had to break the balloons
in the lower Richardson peristyle, but this did not
distract too much from the over-all effect. We hope
the Prom will be a success—and the publicity will
probably make it so.
NECESSARY

The vote on compulsory insurance. to be taken to-
day. is a very important one. We are ﬁrmly convinced
that State College needs a form of compulsory insur-
ance and we hope that it is put through today. The
former plans. under which we have been laboring,
are far too insufﬁcient for our future needs. No fu-
ture plans for the expansion of our athletic program
can be made without a compulsory insurance policy,
and the inﬁrmary, for which many have expressed a
desire, cannot be put into effect unless there is com-
pulsory insurance. We must have a ﬁrm foundation
for these projects, and this foundation is compulsory
insurance. Besides being a necessity for these projects,
compulsory insurance also has many benefits in it-
self—the price we pay for our insurance is far lower
than any other similar policy which is offered—and
the beneﬁts which are derived for each individual are.
without a doubt. unparallel. Vote yes for compulsory
insurance.
NEVER

We hope that last week's motion to delete the key
line will not appear again in future budget hearings.
The quarrel is an old one—certain students feel that
$.40 is too much to pay for keys which do not beneﬁt
them; but their arguments never hold up and they
are always defeated. All of us who have been here for
the past three years have seen this question come up
a half dozen times, always to be defeated. We hope
that in the ftiturc, valuable assembly time will not
be wasted over this question.
THOUGHTS

Ok. SUBwyou’ve got your rules—let's see some en—
forcement—start breaking up those death clinches in
the lower Brubacher lounge . . . Oh happy day—the
Ped Supplements will finally be distributed this Mon-
clay in lower Husted . . . What’s the penalty for girls
smoking on the streets? . . . Special announcement
to second semester freshmen—please look in your mail-
boxes . . . SUB will hold a jam session this Sunday
afternoon in the game rootn . . . Do your feet have
that athletic tinge??? . . .
POLICY

To clear up any misconceptions—any statements
which are made in this column are our opinion and
our opinion only. We comment on issues and activities
which we think are important. If the wording seems
subtle or caustic—«it is. If you disagree with our state-
ments. that's your perogative.
QUESTION OF THE WEEK . . .

Who let Patti Jones into the Co-op???????

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IIIO
IV THE CLAIB 0" I’ll

RATING —— FIRST CLASS

 

VOL. XXXVII Mlll'Cll 13, 1953 No. 19
Members of llll‘ NEWS staff may be reached 'l'ueudl)’
and \\'ettiiesdii.\ from T to Ii ii at at 'Jilli‘Jti, 1611 ll

l'liUlll'N» l'eiice. L! 1131:“. iilitllmaii. '_‘ illlll lx'ouzt-ivalti. ti M27;
Nltii'iikls, sit oill'l. lil‘l‘zlilnlii. ‘1‘: ohT'J, Matt, '2 {>515

l‘lie undergraduate newspaper of the New York Stale t'ul
logo for ’I‘i-aeliers. published i-ivi'y Friday of the ("old-K“
,\I'ill‘ by the .\'lt\\'.~l llillll'll for the Student Association

Illdltor-ln-(‘hlol
('o-Munnglng Editor
t'o-Munuulug llltlltor

IIAIIIIAIIA I'F2:\('I‘l - - —
IINNIH' lttlﬁllﬂhﬁltl

l‘lN'l‘lllu‘lt .\I.\\.le(It-l - - - ~
IIHCNM IHH‘MINNKY - - (trl'ubllo lhilutlouu I‘ldllor
l‘ilJ'liAllI‘I'l‘ll I'LAI‘T - (o-I'ulillu IlolntIotu Violin"
Allltll. lll.A'l"l‘l\l:\N - - - - - - - — Nporl. lﬁdlllr
IHHlll-i INIIII‘JII'I'Y » - < Senior Nportn bio-NI
.HHHHNI‘I HIUHI‘I“ » - I|uulnou~Advortlolng Mill."
DIANA ELLEN HHHJCII ‘ « - - (‘lrotilutluu Mull"
)ll'ltlEl. \\'IH)||.\IAN - - - - l‘lxclun'n I‘ll"
J()\’(‘l‘l Hlllt'l‘lGH - It‘s-tun Ill“!
IIH‘JNE lllldllu'." u - ~ Aunolm wbl’
HALLv (ilclilo A - » - - - - . Annam- Ill."
(‘A'I‘IIIGIHNE l.\.\(‘ll - - < - < - hood-u I‘ll!!!

 

.\ll coiniiiuuleiitions should lie llllli'llHPHNi to the mill»! and

must be signed \dllllt‘h will lN‘ Wllllllt'lll upon reqiiull
'l‘lie H'l‘.\'l‘l'l t‘til.|.l‘2tll-I \‘l‘lWH assumes no renponltbillt)
tor opinions ruin-soul in its t'lillIIIIHN or i-ouiiuuuleatloin.
.is such expressions do not necessarily reflect its Vii".

 

‘0'”

 

    
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
   
  
   
     
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
     
  
 
    
  
    
    
   
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAlci-l 13. 1.83

    

\ PAGE I

 

Sororities Climax Aging Yalemen, Profs Publish
Analysis Of New Generation

Pledging Period
With Ceremonies

(Continued from Page 1.. Column 1,.

Loretta Troisi, and Sandra Young.
freshmen. _

Chi Sigma Theta formally initi-
ated ten pledges Sunday afternoon,
states Katherine Sinclair '53, Presi-
dent. They include Mary McCann
’55, Theresa. Barber, Norma Sue
Barnhaa't, Jane Blake, Beatrice En-
gelhardt, Elizabeth Kutas, Barbara
Maaloe, Barbara Mtu‘nane, Thom-
asina. Pagan, and Vivian Schiro.
freshmen. _

Included among the pledges for-
mally initiated by Gamma Kappa
Phi Sunday afternoon are Joanne
Moore ’55, Marie Devhie, Phyllis
Farrell, Beverly Gustafson. Joan
Mooney, Linda Niles, Bernadette
O’Keefe, and Jane Whitehurst.
freshmen, states Patricia Wilker-
son ’53, President.

The following pledges were for-
mally initiated Sunday by Kappa
Delta, announces Elizabeth Platt
’53, President: Barbara Bachman.
Gladys Cook, Jacqueline Darfler,
Barbara Gitlow, Jean Hageny, Joan
Lopat, Patricia Luby, Eleanor Nor-
berg, Marianne Peckham, Barbara
Salvatore. Jean Shaw, Elizabeth
Shoupe, Clara Wilbur, Patricia Wil-
son, and Carol Wyatt, freshmen.

The freshmen were formally initi-
ated by Phi Delta Sunday, states
Miss Poole. They include Beverly

Duga, Virginia Hilfiker, Marilyn
House, Gertrude Stronski. Mary Syl-
vester. Virginia Watts, Beverly

Wales, Elizabeth Vroman, Dorothy
Rasmussen, and Jane Strtible.
Pledges who were formally initi-
ated by Psi Gamma Sunday include
Elsie Hall and Anna Wong, Sopho-
mores; Barbtn'a Cole, Barbara Co-
rotty, Barbara Dezendorf, Barbara
Douglas, Lucille Gregston, Shirley
Hainan, Marylou Korcykoski. Karen
Liinde, Judith Lutes, Lucy Montan-
arelli, Helen Natale, Evelyn Neit-
meistcr, Joyce Shelton, and Judith
Viinnierstedt. freshmen, annotuices
Irene Brez'nsky '53. President.

What is today’s generation really
like? Are they just looking for se-
curity, and nothing more? An hon-
orable group of aging Yalemen and
professors suggested some answers
in the book “Stventy-Five: A Study
of a Generation in Transition.” pub-
lished by the Yale Daily New: in
honor of its 75th aniversary.

Allan v. Heely ’19, headmaster of
the Lawrenceville School, thinks
that the young people are "harder
to fool than we were . . . (They) are
fired by the same romantic ardors
that bemused and entertained its
elders; but they place more realis-
ito odds on the probability of their
fruition. This realism is not the ex-
pression of deep intellectual or
philosophical convictions; nor is it
to be interpreted as superfiical ad-
olescent cynicism. These young
people are aware merely that you

Science Students
Slate Conference

The seventh annual Eastern Col-
leges Science Conference will be held
on Friday and Saturday, March 26
and 27 at State, according to Her-
bert Thier, Grad, chairman of the
conference.

Participating in the conference
will be approximately eighty-ﬁve
colleges from all over the eastern
part of the United States. The at-
tending students will present scien-
tiﬁc papers, representing original
laboratory research in connection
with library work. Most of the pa-
pers will include demonstrations of
slides and charts. The various pa-
pers will be written on psychology,
physics, chemistry and biology.

The twenty minute presentations
of the papers will be followed by a
ten tninute discussion period of each.

Alice Mashoian ‘54. is the only
student from State who is presenting
a paper at the conference. Miss
Mashoian's topic is spiders.

cannot count on as much as you
used to be able to . . .

“When it comes to security. I rec-
ollect that in the early Twenties we
were mad for it. Furthermore. we
were certain we would get it a. de-
lusion to which the young today are
too perceptive to attach themselves.

Young people want answers to
their questions about the meaning
and the destiny of man . . . The
pathos of their situation is that in
their quest for faith. they have no
one to turn to but their elders, who
have gone so long themselves with-
out it. . 

Theologian H. Richard Hiebuhr
tB.D. ’23. PhD. '24), thinks that the
answers today’s generation finds,
will probably be conservative ones,
for the young “are less disposed to
be anti-traditional than their pre-
decessors were. . . . They have been
made aware of the fact that the
moral. scientifc, political and reli-
gious life of the West rests . . . on
principles historically r e a l i z e d,
which the earlier generation often
took so much for granted that it
thought it could deny what it was
in fact assum ng. It was relatively
easy in the 19205 and early 19305,
when democracy seemed so well es-
tablished. for the bright young men
to criticize it as a bourgeois inven-
tion; in the 1950’s the deeper prin-
ciples of democratic life must be
called to mind. . . 

 

Freshman Class Plans
For Annual Banquet

I Continued from Page 1. Column 3/

Spring picnic and complete arrange-
ments for the Rivalry Basketball
Game. reports Robert Coan, Presi-
dent.

The freshman class will have their
banquet at Herbert's March 28. ac~
cording to William Small, President.
A meeting will be held next Tuesday
to complete banquet plans.

 

Vault“ for 7h 7m
By maxim: MURRAY

 

The Colonial Playhouse will close
this season with “Joan of Lorraine,”
which starts next Wednesday and
runs for two weeks. Tonight and to-
morrow “Lady Be Good" has its last
showings.

The Chicago Symphony, under the
direction of Rafael'Kubelik, ia‘pre-

sentlng a program of music by”

Tchaikovsky, Smetana, and Mous-
sorgsky tonight at the RPI Field
House.

Music Council will sponsor a piano
recital by the famous Jean Casa-
desus in Page Hall on Friday, March
27 at 8:30 pm. Admission is by Stu-
dent Tax tickets. General admission
to the public is $1.25 and reserved
seats are $1.50.

A program of classical and semi-
classical music, played by Merck
Weber and his orchestra, will be
heard on “Musically Speaking" this
Saturday at 2:30 pm. over WABY.
Melodies from “The Student Prince,”
by Victor Herbert, will be among
those played on this week’s Radio
Council program.

Alumni To Convene
Al Sayles Meeting

The Annual Meeting of the East-
ern Branch of the New York State
College for Teachers Alumni Asso-
ciation will be held this year in
Sayles Hall Saturday, March 21, at
12:30 p. m.

The meeting will consist of a lun-
cheon, and a program entitled,
“Paris in the Spring" under the
direction of Dr. Annette Dobbin,
Assistant Professor in Modern Lan-
guages.

On hand in the latest spring
fashions will be: Ginny Sabol, Ruth
Peabody. Hattie Tynan, Blanche
Avery, Anna Oppenheim, Janice
Keller. Joe Bosely, and Joe McKeon.

All those planning to attend
ShOUid send their reservations to
Miss Blanche Avery, c/o Alumni Of-
fice, by March 16.

 

 

 

 

 

 

PLAY BAC K9 1

, c’x
)5 ‘kg /

 

 

 

 

 

A BUCK ATHROW FOR

 

   
     
    

 

 .\\

l
\\l

4

 

 

McréPéop

IeSmoke CAM

I o FORTUNE.
‘-’ but only YOU’RE/5|i DD you NEED How CAN
. . I I ‘ GENIUQ. A PARTNER? THEY TELL
‘lilme Wl lie ...> NOW AGW - so SOON?
CAN (SLEEP WAjT \T‘L
OR CUT
" I'LL RUN THis SOUND AND QT,“ THEY GET 
RECORDER DURING _ THE‘R ‘
GET TOP _ 1 MARKSI
LECTURES...AND CHARGE GRADE. C5, b -

V

./

 
   
  
   
   
 

l\\

Dilly/+11% will
ﬂabou’ran-EdEal
And only
Jri'me will Jrell abou’ra
cigaie’r’rel "lake
your time...

P"...

m in} up _
.E I_  ‘

 

" ll.

 

est CAME“
16r30 days
ﬁll/[MM

THERE MUST BE A REASON WHY
Camel is America's mosr popular
cigarette'leading all other brands
by billions! Camels have the two
things smokers want most—rich, full
ﬂavor and cool, cool IIIf/(lﬂc‘fi‘ . ..

pack after pack! Try Camels for 30
days and see how mild, how ﬂavorful,
how thoroughly enjoyable they are

as your steady smoke!

.I ltovuoliln 'l‘oliiiero 00., Winston Halt-iii. N. 0.

f   other cigarette

'News’ Delegates
Attend Conclave
At Columbia U.

Editor: To Participate
At Press Conference

Eight representatives of the State
College News Board and staff left
Wednesday afternoon for New York
City where they are attending a
three-day conference of the Co-
lumbia Scholastic Press Association,
held annually at Columbia Univer-
sity. The delegates will have more
than 150 meetings open to the) ,
covering all phases of journalism
and newspaper production. at this,
the 29th annual C.S.P.A. convention
which is expected to have over 3,500
in attendance.

Members of the delegation from
state include Barbara Peace, Edi-
tor-ln-Chlef; Irene Eldred. Sally
Gerig, and Catherine Lynch, Asso-
ciate Editors; Joyce Surtes, Feature
Editor, and Willard Reitz, Evelyn
Ruben. and Dean Zuch, Sophomore
Desk Editors. At the conclusion of
last year’s convention, Miss Gerig
was elected Secretary of the Teach-
ers College DlVision of the confer-
once for this year.

To Hear Professional Journalists

This year’s delegates will have the
opportunity of hearing professional
journalists and outstanding mem-
bers in the school publication field
in various panels and clinics de-
signed to aid student journalists in
sowing their paper's problems. The
delegates will also serve on panels
and act as chairmen of discussion
groups for high school newspaper
editors.

As a special feature of this year’s
convention. the paper representa-
t.ves will tour the New York Times
building. The three—day meeting

also will include a clinic where the
merits and faults of each newspaper
submitted will be discussed. The
News has submitted representative
issues for this evaluation.

and/71W“?

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

