 

 

. .. N..- . . a mums???“

 

 

 

PAGE 2

Welcome I

The‘State College News Board and Staff take
this opportunity to welcome the three hundred-odd
student delegates and their faculty advisers to this,
the 7th Annual Eastern Colleges Seience Confer-
ence. We, the student body of Albany State are
happy too have you inspect our campus, and sm-
cerely hope that your three-day stay here Will be
both enjoyabble and educational. May we also ex-
tend our congratulations to the student and faculty
committees who have labored long and hard to
make State’s first attempt at playing host to the
E.C.S.C. a successful one.

'Unanimous' Votes . . .

Myskania’s proclamation of “Unanimous deci-
sion last week in Assembly was obviously more a
wrong choice of words than an intent to have SA
believe that there is never a dissentnig vote Within
the body. However, perhaps a word of caution
needs direction to the judicial body that tehre is
a great deal of difference between the “united
front” which Myskania at times elects to present
and the unanimous decision which requires thirteen
votes in one direction. We do not feel that Mys-
kania is out to deceive Student Association, but
the request from the ﬂoor last week for the individ-
ual opinions of the body (which, incidentally, was
never complied with) leads us to believe that Mys-
kania members, and likewise those of Student
Council, are doing SA an injustice by not revealing
their minority opinions. Obviously they have rea-
sons for their dissenting votes. Let them be aired
in the name of a wiser, more satisfyineg considered
vote from the Association. The News requests that
henceforth, especially in matters of a controversial
nature, Myskania write a minority opinion and
make it available to be publicized. We agree to
give hereafter, coverage to dissenting opinions
along with the decision which the body, by major-
ity vote, has reached.

Wise Revolution I

We congratulate Student Council on the sound-
ness of its measure to retract the taking of Assem-
bly attendance from Campus Commission. We trust
that the move has not come too late to save the
legislature from disintegrating entirely as it had
tended to do under Campus Commission's ineffi-
ciency. The Commission’s major difficulty after
Council granted its request to take over the at-
tendance taking earlier in the year seems to have
been inability to alphabetize the seating lists and
to provide each seat with one occupant only. Re—
sult~the authorities refused t oenforce assembly
attendance regulations since they felt that too many
students just didn't know where they were supposed
to be sitting and Couldn't be held responsible for
not being there.

From the work done at Student Council \l'ednes-
(lay night every indication is given that SC will not
repeat these errors. In addition to establishing the
official lists, a comprehensive system of regulations
was set up lt'l/ff’ll will be enforced. The system ap-
pears to solve the difficulties involved in seating
space through providing room for every under-
classman not legally excused and establishing Sen-
ior attendance on a voluntary basis. It was felt
that by their fourth year Seniors are either inter-
ested enough in Student government to be present
even if not compelled, or too disinterested and in
addition Lusy with their I’ractice Teaching to con-
tribute anylhing to assemblies anyway. The argu-
ment, of course, could be advanced for all classes:
however, with the present building limitations, this
appears to Iic the most sensible solution yet de-
vised. \\'Iicihcr or run it will deprive SA of its
supposed Senior leaders (last wrck they numbered
nineteen) rcmiiins to be seen.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. MARCH 27

11 am. ECSC Opening Meeting. Page Hall.

3:30 p.m. Commuters Club Coker. Coni-
mobs

7:15 p.m. Newman Retreat

7:45 p.m. Conference Banquet
0:30 p.m. Casadcsus Performance. Page.
SATURDAY, MARCH 23
12:15 p.m. Busscs leave for fVCI" ()uting.
9 pin. to i am. Conference Dance, Ili'ubiieiicr
SUNDAY. MARCH 20
4 pm. Chi Sig iluffot for facility.
2 to 5 p.m. SMILES Easter Party,
Iionie.
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 1
Deadline for Senior ineiisureiiicnts
for caps and gowns, (loop.
THURSDAY. APRIL 2
12 noon Easter Itceess Begins.

Albany

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 27. 1933

 

 

Above. the NEWS records for posterity the condition in which the
students of the College kept their Commons in the year '52-’53. You like

it this way????

04d Quad 7% ﬂamd

By FRAN HOPKINS

“March comes in like a lion and
goes out like a lamb,“ goes the old
saying, and as March bieats its
last this week, most of us are pret-
ty glad to see it go.

Somehow, March is the time
when we reach the lowest ebb of
our psychological tide; all over the
campus people have arrived at that
state of anxiety and depression
which seems to come with March
every year. Every problem assumes
gigantic proportions. and there are
many, many problems. This seems
too short to do all the things which
must be done: the end of the year
is almost upon us and the strain
of all that We must still do begins
to tell. There are term papers to
write, rehearsals to attend. plans
for the Revue to finish. an oral re-
port to give, meetings to call, books
to finish. labs to complete, the
Constitutional revisions to make.
and exams, exams, exams!

As if these problems of the pres-
ent weren't enough to keep us oc-
cupied, March seems to be the
time when we begin to worry about
the future. The future looms omi-
nously before us. and its problems
are multiplied tenfold. If we were
able to peek into the churning
minds of State College's confused
students we would probably find
thoughts like these: June is com-
ing. do I have enough hours to
graduate Should I teach in Milne
or off-campus next year? Wish I
could afford summer school. Some-
times it bothers me. do I really
want to teach? If I fall that Spati-
Ish course I can always switch to

 

7wu'a’ In 74¢ 70%

By RHODA BERGER '56

 

Every Friday from 11 to 11:30 a.m.
State College has a television pro-
grnni over WRGB in Schenectady.
Each week a different department
is featured.

On today‘s program the Science.
Department is presnting a biology
eresnrch paper entitled, "A (it‘lil‘I,I“
Study of Canaries As ()bscrvcd
Through Breeding" written by An-
na 'l'ciiesaluino. ii student at the
College of Saint. Rose in Albany.
This is based upon her cxpcriiiieiils
with one canary i'aiiilly.

This will be followed by discus-
sion on the activities of llic 7th An-
nual Eastern Colleges Sclciile Con-
ference by Linda Hopkins and Mt»-
chael LiiMarca. Seniors, and i’iil—
minu Ciiliibrcse '54.

ltoiicrt Montgomery, English
.‘.ll[)('I'VIS()l' i-i Milne. is in cliargc of
this program. Miilvey L. the di-
rectoi' of the station's p ogi'uni.

The present exhibition at the Al-
bany institute of History and Art "
a oiic-iinin show icalui'ing Jerry
Costello‘s collection of cartoons.

Also on display III. the institute
is Ntit'llwn Pewter. They will be on
display until Monday.

For the month of April. it show—
ing of iiiodcrii Chinese paintings and
llll‘ oil paintings of Joseph Itotliinaii
of Albany is scheduled.

.loaii I"rochlich, a thirteen year

 

basket-weaving. Shall I take my
Master's next year or try to get a
job? Wonder when it’s too late to
change to the new system. Wish I’d
get some more leads. Shall I take
that job at $2,500 with eight prep-
i-aations? Gotta do something. Bet-
ter find a summer job soon; no-
body seems to want an English
major who can't even type. Won-
der what my draft status will be

in June. Where in the name of
Uncle San" ‘; my Income Tax re-
fund?

This is our mental state. what
about the physical? That's great
too. Practically all of us are re-
covering fi'om the effects of meas—
les, flu. pneumonia, bubonic plague
and the "common cold". iMarch is
probably the month which shoots
Art Kapner‘s loss ratios for a loop.
inu t be his saddest month, too.)

Add all this up and you have a.
pretty clear picture of the rattle—
headed, jumpy, absent—minded and
ever-so-cheerful student during the
month which was giving trouble
even back in Caesar's day. This
really sounds pretty gloomy; it
looks as though we'd all better dry
up and let the March wind whisk
us away. Bntwlt's almost April,
and April brings sunshine. (all
right. so it rains it little. toot, warm
breezes, blossoms in Washington
Park, picnics at '1 liiitcher. dozens
of leads for jobs, a draft deferment.
a legacy from Great-Uncle Lucius.
and - - - Easter Vacation! So let’s
live it up a little ! ! l

cld Albanian girl, died recently from
an incurable cancer of the brain. She
was one of a family of nine. Her
illness incurred a tlirec-iiionth hos~
pita] bill which her fainin is un~

_ able to pay.

One of the many events to enable
Joan's family to pay their debt is a
daiicr on April 4 at the Sons of
holy Hall on lowor Madison Av"-
nue, The music will be furnished by
the M1150 Brothers a famous teen<
age band.

The tickets are $.50 each and $.75
per couple. They may be purchased
by calling llill Popc at WABY
(2-33f31 or at the door.

At 2:30 pm. this Saturday after—
noon. set your (IlllI iit Hill) for "Mil-
siciilly Spcnking." a half hour 0':
iaiiious send-classical rccoi'dings. A
waltz iti'ograiii Will be prcscnlcd fcii‘
iiii'iiig your iiiosi. lllf‘lli(ll‘lll)li‘ llllit'».

it you would like to hear any of
your favorite neon-classical record
iiigs, drop a note in thc sludciil “Hill
in limbo Council and they Will play
your requests as soon as possible.

l)llll('t' from it p.m. to i ii.in. lo
ilic music of Charlie Spcvuk and his
orchestra iii. the Dance I‘It'bllVlll on
Saturday night. April 11 at the
Washington Arciiiic Armory.

'i'ickcls are $2. tux included. and
lll'i' oii :iulc iii the 'l'cii Eyck Record
Shop and ilic Vim (.‘ni'lcr Music
Store.

"1 iloii't. Cart" and "The ltnidci'”
are featured today and tomorrow on
the Madison 'l‘hcuii'c's movic piny-
bil]. "l ()onlcss" and “My Wife's
lit-st. li'i'iciid" will subslitiiic for those
starting this Sunday.

 

 

Comatose-5141c);

By J. KOREA o a. HUGHES

BEST WISHES

State College welcomes the 85 colleges who are
joining us this weekend in the Science Conference.
We hope that the Conference will be successful. The
plans seem to have been very well carried out. we
would like to congratulate the chairman and his com-
mittees on a job well done. They have been burdened
with a tremendous responsibility and they have done
a great amount of work to put on a program that m.
can be proud of—we know it will be a great credit
to our college.

UNCHALLENGED

It is interesting to note that the bulk of the student
body answering- the News poll last week found Mys
kan'a to be to their liking". With all of the talk that
has been goin, on about this group. we expected to
see a landslide against our present system. Surf)ij
ingly enough, this did not happen. If we were to as-
sume anything at all from these results, it would be
that the majority like our present government and
are content with things as they are. We could han-
told you that before!

NOT TO BE MISSED

The music program to be presented tonight will be
an excellent one. Mr. Casadesus will. without a
doubt be one of the highlights in entertainment for
this year. We hope that all who are able will attend
the concert, for it promises to be an evening of high
caliber entertai. vnent.

 

 

NO'I‘ AGAIN

The match which will come up today concerning
Myskania keys should be defeated. Why must in-
waste valuable assembly time arguing such a silly
question. If keys are to be struck out of the budget.
and we do not thinks they should be, it should bc
done for all organizations, not just for certain ones
It is obviously unfair to deprive one organization of
keys. whie all others may keep them. It is just as
unfair to pick on certain organizations only for thi-
rake of picking.

VES, WE’VE DONE l'l‘ AGAIN

We are happy to see that we are beginning to get.
fan mail. Our first letter wasn't too clever, but u
was an attempt. We hope that in the future people
will write to us personally instead of putting letters.-
on bullet n boards. We might miss it and we would-
n't want that to happen!

HONOR?

It's too bad that some of the students around here
haven’t learned to take care of community property.
The 3—speed phonograph now has only 2 speeds; the
new card tables are getting- 'IlL‘lI‘ share of drinks.
ashes. ctc, spilled on them; nd the furniture in thc
TV room is rapidly being, destroyed. We hope flint.
in the future all will try to be more considerate.

ON THE OFFENSIVE

At last we are going to see some action about lIlf'
assembly attendance. Student Council has assumed
full control 0101' scat ii; and future attendance. Un—
doubtedly the tontrol will be a fight. one; it is about
time.

I'OS’I‘ SCRIPTS

We hope that all those who are not snowed undcr
by homework will try to go to the SMILES party on
Sunday . . . Why aren‘t there a few \vasic baskcr
around the Union? . . . We hear that the All College
llevue is; coming; along very well ~we are looking for—
ward to seeing it in its liliill form next month . . .
FIJI'Illg is here and many otlicr\v:sc conscientious
students now have an irresistible urge to cut classes
ah, to be on Dean‘s List . . . The darkness that pro—
vallerl in the halls on Monday afternoon left a few
casualties

QUICS’I‘ION (11“ 'I‘Illi WICICK . . .
Where do we put the next. piano??'."."?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

RATING —- FIRST CLASS

 

V()1.. XXXVII March 27. 1053 No. 111
\lciiiln-i'x of III!‘ \I‘i\\‘.\' -.|.iii ili.l\ ln- l'l'.l|'IHil Iiiuwii-
Ill-I \\i'l||ll‘lI-l\ from i in II p III .II 'fILLJil l3\| |I
I'lltilli'h lllillt '_'.'I.'l;'i;, i.:iilin.i|i ‘J li'fli‘. kin/muslin l1 ‘4‘;
\Ill_\.ll.|'x. ~51 lilil_‘. |ii'~"/.iii~|.\ 'l.‘ UNI‘.’ I'lili, [mil-i
l'hc Illlill‘l‘L’I'JlIIlJll‘ Ili'\\ diaper oi Hm M iv \i-rl. Sitlll In
li-gi- Ior '|'-.ii-|nrs I'IIIIII‘IH'II .i-ri l’Iiiil.l\ oi iin- I'ul ~.'
,\t‘-Il' li_\ ito~ \l-2\\.\' Iilliiil in: tin- HIIIIII'III \-~miiiioi.

It.\llll.\lt\ l'I‘IH‘E -
lll‘2\ll\' litisllﬂlhlil
luN‘I‘lllull \l.\\.\l\l.\
iItI-;\Iv: lilll-EZI\H|i\
1‘.l.l‘/..\lll-2‘l'll I'l..\|"l' r
\lll'll. lil.\'i‘l‘\i.\\
imli's lHilII'JlI‘I‘\
.Htlflll\l'§ nitoltl-

I'Iilllorrlu l‘liii-f

Co RIiiiiiiuliig ludiloi

l'o “omitting I‘lililoi

lo l'tililic I‘t'lilllllll~ I‘IIIIIIII'
to l'iilillc lIt-Inllonn l'lililoi
len'ln I-.ilIlIiI'

Hi‘lilni- H|llirln ,\Ii-iii|ici
“IINIIII'NN Adm-Hiding hlnliiigri
\I \II\ l'LI.I.llI\ ~ditilJ'.“ (‘Ii'i-uliiiioii \liiiingci
"I “H” “lulu-“AN Exchange Iii-lilni’
'HIH I'; II “‘I'I‘c‘v Venture I'JIIIOI
“‘l';\" "II'I'Iu'in Armor-lute I'Zilltm
‘i.\lil.\ (illlltlli .\~Nlil‘llllt' 1"iIIloi
Ci\'l‘lll‘2l(l\l\. l.\ 51‘” .‘knul'lllll‘ i-JIIIIIII

 

 

 

.\ll i'IilIilIiIll 'i‘iilliiII‘ should i»: JIIIII'I“-~ill to III|‘ I'IIIIIiI and
inn-~i iu- signml \oinis \\III lo- \\‘||I|Iii Id upon lilillt‘n!
'lio- N‘l‘\‘l‘|'2 t‘liI,I.I‘ilIII \|i\\.\' amnnn-u no i- lililivllillif\
I‘lll‘ opinion». cairn-\sz Ili ils liiIllllill‘i lil' t'uiiiiiiliii.I'iililili
as still! i'\1I!'i'n.‘vllillt do iioi inr:-~:».ii'ii\ ri-l‘Ii-ct IIn \lI'H'

 

..

 

 

 

1:

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 27. 1953

PAGE I "

 

State Debaters
Will Participate
In NYU Confab

The Tau Kappa Alpha forensic
society at NYU will meet in a Re-
gional Speech Conference at New
York University, Washington
Square on March 29, 30, and 31.
The following State debaters will
atend the conference announces
Mrs. Elnora Carrino, debate coach:
Robert Berkhofer, Janet Leonard,
Phyllis Penny, Ruth Dunn and
Arthur hagy, Seniors; JoAnne
Doyle, Richard Shaper, Juniors and
Vera Kuharsky ‘55.

The conference wni include four
rounds of discussion, four rounds of
debating on Fair Employment
Practices, extemporaneous speaking
and Congressional Sessions. Albany
speakers will enter the discussion
rounds on the topic: “What Can Be
Done To Most Effectively Combat.
The Threat Of Communism?"

More than thirty colleges are ex-
pected to attend the three day event
which will be the largest in East
Coast forensic circles. Registrants
to date include: University of New
Hampshire, Randolph-Macon, Buck-
nell University. Drew University.
Emory and Henry College, Loyola.
Dickinson University, University of
Vermont, and the University of
Connecticut.

On Saturday, March 28, the New
York High School Speech Festival
sponsored by the National Foren~
sic League will be held at Newburgh.
for member Schools. Debate and In-
terpretative Reading students from
State have been invited to judge
the Festival. The divisions to be
judged include: debate, extempor—
aneous speaking, original oratory.
humorous and dramatic readings.

The judges for debate and ex-
tcmporaneous speaking will be:
Joyce Leonard. Robert Bcrkhofei,
Seniors; Ronald Ferguson, JoAnne
Doyle. Edward Lehman, Richard
Shaper, Juniors; Evelyn Erdlc,
George Christy and Patti Kirsch.
Grads. In theinterpretativereading
division, judges include: Barbara
Newcoinbe, Mrs. Lorraine Kirsch.
Joan Cunnifl', Seniors and Marion
Gorski. Grad. Mrs. Carriiio will ac-
company the group and judge the
finals in each event.

Six Students Take Exam
For Radio Certification

Several science students ill't‘ par-
ticipating in extra-curriedliir acti—
vities in connection with the Phi.—
sics Department, reports Arthur
Jones. Instructor in Physics. Wed-
nesday, March 18. six boys went 'I‘
the local Federal Communieiitiono
Commission office to take the test
for the novice radio amateur ii.—
cense. Gary LaCiriiiigc '53 was gram-
cd the novice radio llllllllt'lll' license.

Francis Schnich '53 and Benja-
min Button ‘54 will attend the Iii—
tcriuitioiiiil Radio Engineers Con-
ference Wednesday, March 25. in
New York City anoiuices Jones.

PALAGE 232153”; NOW

THE STAR
with
ilctto Davis
also
ALI. ASIIORIC

 

Match Parades
Light Hallways

State College has got the ana-
wer to TV’s “Lights Out.” Our
program wasn’t rehearsed, we
were sabotaged by a blown
transformer.

After getting out of their 3:25
classes at 3:40, Stateites took
all in stride as they formed
match - light processions to
stumble through the lower ex-
panses of the ever-bright and
fair college buildings. Many new
friendships were formed in low-
er Draper or while groping
throuin Richardson peristyle.

Ever rising to the occasion,
the (Io-op seized the opportunity
to have a sale of flashlights at

39 cents per. However. due to
the spring atmosphere. the sale
flopped.

The climax came at supper,
with the announcement that.
because of the shortage of light,
all school activities would be
suspended for the evening.
Hmm, we wonder!!

 

IVCF, Newman
Sponsor Outings

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellow-
ship is sponsoring a camp meeting
and slipper on Saturday, while New—
man Club will hoid a. three day re-
treat beginning today.

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellow-
ship is sponsoring an outing and
camp supper on Saturday, March 28.
at Camp Patterson, announces Wil-
liam Whitwer '53. President.

On the outing, the group will dis-
cuss the topic: “Why Is Christianity
The Only Way?". and they will also
hear a talk entitled: “Have You
Considered Christ?”.

There will be a truck leaving Al<
biiiiy state at 12:15 1). In. All stu-
dents are invited to attend, says
Whitwer.

Newman Club will hold its Annual
Retreat, beginning this evening at
7:15 p. m. with a Conference mid
Benediction. according to Piiti'ieii
Butler ’53. President.

On Saturday, Mass and Confer-
ence. will be held at 8:00 a. m.. and
a Conference for men will be held
at 1:30 p. m. that afternoon. There
will be a Conference for women at
3:30 p. in.

The Retreat will continue with
Conference and Benediction at 7:15
p. in. Saturday evening, and will
conclude Sunday morning with a
Mass at 9:00 a. in. Communion
breakfast will follow the Mass.

Miss Butler also announces that
Newman Club's next meeting will be
held on Thursday evening. April 16,
following the Spring vacation.

 

Poll Summarizes 1 4% We IChairmon Names
The entire faculties of the C'om-  

SA Suggestions

I Continued from Page 1., Column 21
lnee’s actual participation in activi-
ties should be used as an aid in
determining the individual’s qualiﬁ-
cations. Another suggestion of in-
terest was that of having the ju-
diciary elected by a "qualiﬁed vote"
(that of major SA and organization
ofﬁce holders).

Two were of the opinion that Mys-
kania should not recommend or
suggest nominees for its successors,
while several felt that more stress
should be placed upon "judicial ac-
tivity.”

Possibly as a result of last weeks‘
concern over the unanimity of Mys-
kania's vote on keys. a. few express-
ed a desire to have minority opin-
ions read or publicized.

The major suggestions concerning
relieving Myskania of its non-ju-
diciary duties included: having bal-
lots counted by some other organi-
zation. possibly Election Commis--
sion; having Rivalry Committee is-
sue rivalry warnings; removing ju-
dicial duties from Student Council
tthose of requiring changes in or-
ganizational constitutions). and eith-
er eliminating the clause stating its
duty to “organize the freshman
class" or making it more definite.

Miscellaneous suggestions express—
ed a desire to make the judiciary
an advisory to the President. rather
than to Council, or making it a body
responsible for formation of college
policy with the faculty and admin—
istration. Several poll blanks also
contained comments to the effect
that deﬁnite procedures for prose-
cuting law-violators and meting out
punishment would be desirous.

AAUW Presents
Books To SU Library

The Librarianship Department has
prepared 25 books, contributed
the American Association of Uni-
veristy Women, for placement in
the Student Union library reports
Dr. Robert Burgess. chairman of the
Librarianship Department.

U
'<

This addition includes such books
as "The Mudlark" by Theodore
Bonnet. "Leave Her to Heaven" by
Ben Aines Williams, “The Wall” by
John Hersey. and "While Still We

r Live" by Helen MaeInnes. These

books are available to all State Col-
lege students.

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Phone 6-8610

 

 

LOCATED AT

 

 

Spring is Ilt‘l'l'
'I‘Iii- (ii-ass is I'I'I.
Come and join us

In a fizz.

TEMPERAETBE
TAVERN

 

 

WW

CAFETERIA

167 CENTRAL
84 STATE STREET

AVENUE
134 STATE STREET

 

II.-\Nl\'lI'Ib‘ —»~

ti'

 

STATE GOLLEGE ITO-OP

WELCOMES

E080 VISITORS

Special Store Hours - - - - Sal. ’Iill 1:00

SPRING IS HERE I 1

See Our New Line of Sportswwu'

Easter (.‘ii'i items

IIAliS -—
and

l‘iilte—llonic” (lifts for the Entire I“itllill_\’

JEWELRY

 

 

 

merce Departments at State College
and Milne will attend the Eastern
Business Teachers Meeting to be
held in New York City April 2
through 4. One feature will be the
televising of a. regular session of
the convention.

A symposium was held in New
York City. March 20 and 21, with
representatives from all colleges of
the University of the State of New
York in attendance. The main topic
of the conference was “State Uni-
versity of New York: Its Progress
and Its Prospects." Dr. Shields Mc—
Ilwaine. chairman of the English
Department was the official dele-
gate from State College. Other fac-
ulty members attending in a non-
official capacity were, Dr. Town-
send Rich and Dr. Perry Westbrook
of the English Department, Dr.
Robert Frederick and Dr. Morris
Eson of the Education Department,
and Dr. George Murphy and Dr.
William Spindel of the Chemistry
Department.

Mrs. Elnora Carrino will attend
the conventions of the Eastern For-
ensic Association and the Eastern
Public Speaking Conference at the
Hotel New Yorker Thursday and
Friday. April 9 and 10. The Eastern
Public Speaking Conference is an
organiaztion composed of state
speech associations of the 16 eastern
states. Thursday afternoon, Mrs.
Carrino will speak on “Expansion
of High School Forensics.” At the
business meetings of the Forensic
Association. she will report the re-
sults of a survey done by the com-
mittee on high forensics in the East.

Committee Heads

IContinued from Page 1, Column 6)

lunch in the College cafeteria. while
the presenting of papers will be re-
sumed at 1:30 p.m. The conferees
will assemble at 3:30 p.m. in Page
for an hour-long Business Meeting.
followed by the closing ofﬁcial
meeting of the gathering at which
time Dr. Maurice L. Tainter and
will be eatured speakers address-
ing the delegates on “The Golden
Age 0 Medicine".

The representatives will dine at.
6:30 p.m. tomorrow evening at Trin-
ity Methodist Church. Lancaster
Street. while the conference program
will be brought to an ofﬁcial close
tomorrow night with a dance at Bru-
bacher Hall. scheduled from 9 p.m.
to 1 am. The Campus Serenaders
of RPI will furnish music for the
dance. All women students attend-
ing the dance will have 1:30 am.
hours.

Exhibit To Feature

Color Reproductions

A portfolio of fifty, three-color
reproductions will be exhibited on
the second floor of Draper Hall from
Friday, March 2'7 to Thursday, April
3. announces Miss Ruth Hutchins,
Assistant Professor in the Art De-
partinent.

 

 

 

 

 

 

. . . going home by

GREYHOUND

SYRACUSE . ............. ..$2.85
I’LA'I"I‘SRllR(-‘ .......... .. 3.80
BlNGI—IAMTON .......... .. 3.20
I’O’I‘SDAM .............  5.70
ROCl-I ESTER .............. .. 4.60
Rllli‘lt‘ALO .................. .. 5.65
WATERTOWN  ...... .. 4.10
NEW YORK CITY .... .. 3.35

UTICA ......................  2.30
CORLESKILL  1.05
ELMIRA .................  5.05
IIOi‘TON ...................... .. 11.2?
ONEONTA ..........  ..... .. 1.85
WASHINGTON  ..... .. 8.10
MONTREAL .............  0.05
NIAGARA FALLS .... .. 0.20

Pins U. S. Tux. Big EX'l‘RiA Savings on Round ’I‘rlps.

  
  

350 BROADWAY
PHONE: 4-0165

 

