 

 

 

PAC! I ITA'I'I COLLIOI NEWS. PRlDAY. FEBRUARY 6. 1953  i—

”ATI COLLIGIVNIWI. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 6. 1953

Reel Cross Lists "  Ill-Plans For College Extension

PAOI‘ 3

Orientation Class

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

IITAILIIHID MAY III.
IV THE CLAII OF 1.1.

RATING —- FIRST CLASS

  

Test Scandal . . . quit QM ? y 2

What's an examination for? To coerce students
into learning the material of the course. To pro- --—-———

I‘.—..__——-l——

By JOE LOMBARDI

i Red Cross will meet Tuesda eve-
vide grounds for failing the student or 9358i“ him, In our last business assembly the Let‘s examine the Judiciary. Ac y

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ning at '7 p. m. to provide an op- l ' H ~  l I ‘ l I; H i; ii.  l ‘ '   i  ' A N F h
.195 .  ,- f- - -‘  '~ ‘ '
es the case may be? To be used to test. 9.8 thoroughly Student Association discussed the cording to the present constitililtliiliil VOL. XXXVIIi ii iiiiif'iiehiriililzirli’nfy iii3iiiiiiiiiiiii iiiljzidili: Dortlimity for all persons interest“ ‘ ‘ ' ' - 7 I i  I cw I re, 
as possible. and for the student’s own benefit, the dilemma facing the student govern- Judicial power is vested in Myisiiairiii. iiiiii iiiiirii ii in ii iii iiii iii iiiiiiiii iiiii iii . ii: Siiigililiiiiiliiilil gggncogi‘isifguiwii‘iliischMmieiy ! 0  T ' -
achievement in and mastery of the ideal] Whether to com- A11ow me to quote the cons u 0 phone”: pence. '-"3"'-’”l ‘”"_”,"“'."' gill-i4“; Kosﬁi‘iﬂy' “527‘ m ' ’ a ‘ 0 Tc“ soc.“ Sh".
extent of his mehtv Spec 3" t “M skania is an \lllvllkln xii-0312; lirezinskl. ole-08... Plan. - 504". th Deseve 53’ Chairman or the cm- ’
course? Probably, tests have been administered at pletely revise h with a, representa- on this subjec. y i iii Tm} mnlgrgruliuiilu newspaper of the New York Stwte (ijol-  lege Red Cross Chapter. 1 t Afternoon Tea
one time or another for all of the above reasons. tive form or to patch up the present honorary society of seniorS. ee 86 e lvgu i’ori 'l‘ixnivllaiyizviptimings“[ﬁxeiiiiei‘gi‘iimn‘gi  3 Four courses may be Offel‘w. i 
Probabiy iii” iiiii student iii iiiiiiiiiai who can think typei During the course of the dis- for their special abilities necessary iii-iniliiihiyiiiirtiiiiiiliiiil i i i i _ i _ _ Ediiiiﬂhhcmiii iii They include Standard and Ad- The students of the Social Skills
i i iii iii ii i iiiiiiSiOii someone remarked some_ for the execuiiiiii iii Judicial duties iiiiiiiiiv KimmWHKl _ . _ _ _ Com-um", mm, 1 vanced First Aid; Grey Ladies, Orientation Class conducted by

01 ‘1‘ exam 9'3 m any way beneﬁca o m‘ p thing to the effect “well what is to ESTHER MAYAKIH - - - - - - Co-Mnnnlrlns Editor t whose work is entertaining hospital '
patently, during the last examination period there wrong with our present form of i i i .. The question that comes mnsn liilimmiuslitiivi . - .  32mm.  If patients; swimming-i me]..de sen- Dean Ellen C. Stakes, plan to en-
Wiiiii i ii iiiiiii we use the iiiiim iii the vague“ of siiidiiiii government?" That was my my mind is which student, when  'i '_ ‘_ _ _ _ _ _ 8mm: mm". d] ior life saving and instructor class- termm the mid-year Hemmer) at a

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii members iii Siiiiiiiiii Assmiiiiiiiiii Wiiii cuei iiiiii again iim iiiiiiiiig this air Viiiiiig mi Myskama voted with the bums “mum.” _ _ _ _ - - senior Sports Member 2 es; and a Brides Course. The tea to be held at Brubacher on a
tlgtl’oked upon the tests as an obstacle which might portunity to tee off. intent of selecting students who isiligoiilililiiiiiii- i- iliilul-lles-n-%iilr\:ili'lti1iiii:::  Bmies Course is scheduled mi begin Monday afternoon in the-near 1”"
iiiiiiii their gaming 80 mm mm myi indicwg our present mm of governmen. we... judicially capable. or was it incense p;sz,9,,!p'AN_-_'_1'.“-'-'.“:2!ii:.‘:.° {3332: “ 23:1 illickinillgtbcllatea $113313; mm sam Krehmak and Batty Gun-
obstacle to be overcome by any meﬁgs 9‘ . ggai'idaln is composed of three branches. the rather which Senior is in what fra-  than}. -- - - - - - - ~ Associate Editor 1' classes will also be held if enough drum, co‘supermom or the Run”,
fete“ 0‘ comse' to the presentSi th been bat- legislative. executive. and the ill- ternity, or which SeniOi‘ did the sonar ulcluo - - - - - - - - - Mwmﬂt” “"0" '3 applicants sign up- ' "UM/d O Fullerton ("duvet announcea the fonowmg comm“-
which, since the start of examinat ons 8: ii rmiiiiii_ diciaryi A“ legislative power is said most for the class. or which female (Wrmmlxp; li\'.\‘i(‘lil — i i- i-i i-i i- ii- ii iAuiniirc-lntioi can.» 3 Anyone wishm” to donate blood Pictured above is the Washington Avenue view of the college as it will appear if the ’r‘ C tees had been organized They “é
ted to and fro in offices, classrooms, an i o The to be vested in the assembly of the Senior wouId I like to see sitting on ;\ll<ii.'(llillillgi‘iiiiiiiiillnhViiliiiiliiii l wilii nil”: rivsiiui-iliiiig “50f: ﬁfgu‘g’s‘i“ 9 may do so by reigning to the Ben_ carried into construction. p "posed plan 15 Invatations, Shirley Alguire Jean
ies, with seemihEiY ever'lncrewng mama" mu last students. Here lies my ﬂI‘St Obiec' the stage for the coming Yeah If ll'lhi‘. g'|)‘(_.\'l‘|ll- pummel»; xuws assumes no responsibility 1 der Laboratory any Tuesday morn- Sitter”, and Eleanor Norberg’. Dec.
Siiiiinii iii iiiiiimmiiiiiiiii is iiiii new wen iiiiii Page Haii iiiidiiiiiiiiim iiiiiiis iiiiiiiiiiii iii iiiiiiii enough iii say iiiaii iiiii iiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiii iii iiii iiiiiiiiiiiii iii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiCiiiiiiiii i iiig Miss Deseve iiiiii iiiiiii iiiiii ii Above is an architectural draw- ing plant site. The floors of the With the inclusion of dressin (nations Mama Dame" RiChard
year and the year bet-ore, and probably for many ' 98 t dents Om, present ii ctuau did vote for a person "a .xul-ll (-xpmlsh'lllnv do not necessarily reflect its View. 1 l V . o e ' ing of the planned extension of R1 h ‘ds t . ' . . g V l ' . '

ears before that. However. With the Present Student exacuy 9 s u ti S niors e a yth ht was judicially 'ﬁ 1 Anyone Who gives olood should no- 0 a] .011 ex ensmn and Page “mm “1059 Dm‘ti‘CIDEtihg in stage ans erte’ and William .Behumak:
:ttitude, either rumors are flying far tiliCker and ergontmeéﬁ inmﬁi‘fﬁe dﬁglﬁg use as- X’g‘ﬁgltﬁ letmlﬁe ask that person 6.2 . tify Mlss 'Deseve, Richardson and Page Halls (on connection will provide for special productions may dress on the second gfjglﬁwfss' Ariana GillgOld. Mary

ea i i i i ' i O

iaiiiiiiiii than ever beiiiiiiii iiii iiie buying iii exams iiiiiiiiibiy peiiiiii is iiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiy iiiom WiiiCii experience iiii Wiiiii i the far right) which will be accoustical treatment for speech, lloor. come down through the work Barrows agg High??? line/13:11:35
prior to their administration is far nilore exii 1350 This means that already 350 knowledge of that person he deriv- .  T G. financed through a lrne appro- audio-visual and music rooms, as shop and proceed directly to the Refresmhent Gail BUSh M93619;
te“swell tﬁnigtthf 1111:2233an :mfbtill: till? Eiow students or one quarter of the stu- ed that opinion. No one is ecéiquate't ‘ I  O  prliauﬁn hm the Icovemorvs BUd- we” as SEVEN“ new Classrooms and Stage Dalbec’ an'd Arnald 'Newman.
now sun 0 d are de rived of their part 1 tmlhed in judicial ma ers a . e  ge wric was re eased a week ago - _ i ,' i ‘ . . . Clean-u . Am i .
where he stands- The faculty knows about it’ the lit? rtbgtleéislatlvepprocess because of symte College, so how can we 5918“ OMMOﬂ- a De k R d- yesterday. Pending approval of the 9ﬂ1ces, and storage space and dress- Alum For Music Faciliues GOiiiiiiiiD and giidiiililifiwiliivlglieitlchard
administration knows about it_ the student body lack of room Bear in mind that students who have such a judicial By Ji KOREA & Ri HUGHES_______ IC   Ins Legslature. it is hoped that the lug rooms to be used In connection The thlpd floor of the proposed v .
knows about, it, Any one or all of these groups could our enrollment is increasing (about background? Let's ﬁnish quoting . i building will be ready for. occu- with the Page stage. The present extension will house five additional

take action. 475 freshmen expected in Septem- the statement from the State 001- “It Were better for him that amillstonc were hanged Dmmams and (“ts comic” W111 Fancy by septemberv 1954 01‘ 1955- stage Wm 13.9 deei’enea' invowmg the OH C95: 0119 012155100111. 8 mush: lib-  

d t sermonize the matter We hope we her) and before We know it. half of lege Constitution . . . “and for the about his neck. and he cast into the sea." -—Ncw present Emlyn Williams in Page when CPmDietedv the Bitten-limb lemma! 01 we m“ two rows of mm 3” insu'l‘mem and uniform p

we nete tno the fact that such a. practice is a the student body will be legislating honor attached to the office." (MW Testament Hell Tuesdzly._ February 24. an- whrch Wlll include an addition to auditorium seats. A small court will sup-“3.. “pea and mum 1.00m sixty '

new nit; ts Tier: students of any tyne of institution for the whole student body. The kanial Is there anyone who W111 Since we have been writing this column we have “01111095 Fi‘ehClS Hodge ’53. ipI‘CSI- the College powerhouse, will con- be left between the buildings to My hmwmm [cot whh risers. The Purchase 8 
disoriecl‘r l0 min Let us jUSt examine a few results. school is growing. and the present concede that there is "honor" in” always tried to make our criticisms and remarks hon- (lent Two Performances W1“ be net" the tWO Present buildings and “(mm113mm"thein'CSemgyln and “mum” 0f “"3 third “001' Win y

Of'It'lrg gstfaweregstolen then sold and resold. thus form of government offers no room volved in counting VOtesil'Om four est and straightforward in order to correct certain given: a imetmee at 2330 D. m- and present a continuous front to the the “CW 1'00"“ being Di‘OVidl-‘Ci- lllu‘cl‘el'C. be mainly for the use of Durlnu the resent r h h k
initia‘lting the chain reaction which has led many to for expansion. Objection numbel' p.m. to four am. on a Frldny night. abuses which we thought needed correction. Some- “11 evening performance at 3530 sidewalk 0h Wilmington Avenue The first floor of the Richardson Lhc llluslc department and musical 0 p us on 00 S

n I’ i la ive bod can be or what “honor” there is in sending times our lo lo and ideas were rather vague and uh-
Broom?!“ tha:"tll;eyiswrirlll)t 31:53? tilﬁt 13.236635 fob; lilting}er 1:561! intelligently I'lm warnings to delinquent ll'GShmeh'l ground in riot. but for the most part we think we
t{lei mlocellelu in but rather that their buying was when it is attended by some nine Myskania neither ﬁlls out the wish have been reasonable in our Statementsi
m u get cl1 ye % fear of the consequences of not hundred students, many 0f Whom nor the intent Oi the Constitution. A week ago we discovered something. that made all
bmtilr‘la ethtlxrllorby :ctuel dishonesty. They were RD' “1‘6 diSihtEi'eStEd and don't Want to IS that g00d government? our previous complaints and criticisms seems petty . ., . .
pggacg'ed with “everyone else in the class has the be there. Does this add up to “gooc Now for some general criticisms and insigniﬁcant“ From what we were able to piece xiii-16y iilirioinir iili3iloiaicéwuyi/iiarird iLoiriridoin gerisirityi, however, the Governor's may be made and stored there and next budgetary year, however no tables provided An extra cash reg-
test“ Ymm be a sucker to take it blind}! The tragedy government?” Lets look at the budgetary system together from vague rumors, and from what we have iiiiiii Siiveiiiiiu iiimiViViiii C0 iieiiimb? U be . iliii Lipploveid. Willi allocate ciasliy moved to the stage for use. im’lcllllle plans are available for the ster has been put into operation in
of those who fell for this is that everyone iniiithe Levi 100k iii ihe iiiecuiive brunch at suite Collegei When a student observedigursgilweisii iililswdeusi‘iscwsgeciiitiliiziit iiigiie :iiiii Ciiiiiiies DiCiieiis .Wiiiiiiiiisnoiiiliisiiopi iriyiier Sign Silicélcri8:llglisiiiggszlrrzicoiilgige irigyilliiisingfginigiiiitiiheziﬁaii litoonirs btig.ililillllg  tihe excavatiion for the order- to keep lines moving more
class did not have the test and that there Were 056 i Accordmi to iiie present com supported organization drawS up 3 among 1 i. c 'u i s i iiiiiii 75 iiiiiiiiiiiii-i iiiiiiiiiicieiis iiiiiiiiii siiiiiciiiii iiii iiiiii i ii i i - i i t.- ‘i 'w e oca - lulu 1011. 11 e any ac lon awaits quickly. With each purchase the
who resisted the opportunity and relied on that old gain-“on iiiiilaiiiiiicuiive power is budget it seldom attempts to “pad” cheat their way through this institution by obtaining iiieiii ii i Li i e g L c ec lon e \leen cd dressurg rooms and showers for Lhe approval of the legislaturei the student will receive a receipt which
. i _ .i i i i . ﬁnal exﬂnmmtlons before they are given" We do not i. p81 orimances. Diamatlcs and the buildings. the use of stage personnel, two Aumlrhswptwh has advised that he - . . s
fashioned method of studying. vested in the Presidentii ofiiiiAidztiliriti liiiiisiuotu;agggiieielggiiﬁililiiéyigniiiliiie iiiiiiw who iiiese people iii‘ei but whoever they may be  Cgillllcill requests students to To Extend Page Stage classrooms, ten oﬂices. special ac- budgeh due to come up for constim Egailisiieisllgisitii tge keiiegdgmgieiiergg a);
The maJOi‘ OhSth-Cie t0 investigation from any source the Student coum’ 'dT e 5 “Vi, in”, the budgets M78 called for by we. think that they should be removed from this 001— Qbialrir rieil tickets associr as pos- It is planned that the basement coustlcal rooms, and a large rehear- ll'zlthll this week. is expected to be receipt accompanies the returned
is this is “Promotion 0f the innocent" In the limit 0““ Properly bie gaiileii “niggegiiiiiiii ii‘ie'mudeni Board of Finance who legei The harmworkmg and conscieniious Students 81 e o tits one—man show. and flrst floor Will house the heat- sal room complete with a stage. passed. inepchandisei

exam  the intention of Passing a course (“3- (lent Council that representative Oi COlllICll wades tili‘Oilgli tileiii liftel' “0 EC to $11011 exr‘l‘enies til Dan's Certain Courses. VUL‘

and supplies, the Co-Op has altered
its purchasing procedure slightly
1n an effort to better serve the stu-

1). mi. Students will be admitted to from the Milne School to the drive- cxtcrrs on and Page connection will Ui‘glllllztlthIlS 01' the College

one performance on theiriStudent way next to Draper Extension. house four new oﬂ'ices. a large stage 11' this erc of the budgetlsecures

I‘llx. Tickets must be obtalned be- Financing of new buildings has materials work shop, and the chief legislative approval. it is possible cent bod Stude t'

ioreithe performance. _ usually come through the capital engineer's office. The stage work that bids can be let this summer leave theJlr booksn Sndaretlllﬂed to
Williams ls coming to State dr- construction program of the Ulli- shop will be so situated that sets and construction begun before the eels out~ide of the gooksforeebnpghe

 

~ ' ' ? x i ll thcr ﬁrst hearing at the Finance “’111 not go into a long dliCUSSlon of this issue bo-
honesuy and Who bought onshout 01:13:31.3: bghdgllrseedd lhgysglgmbtlgctigmb‘lll a  abilng Bozlrd. spending a collsidepable cause we thmki that ievieryone fully ulrdel-stantiis the
curve. In neither case ganii eililirzfimiiiiii ii honesivl and are supposed to represent the umoum of time on them Let me implicatlons whlclrialcei lnvirirlcli/ecii Alliiwe waniiitE oisay
but there does appgarwo er? 031 he e. that some classes at Council meetings. yet how add here that neither the student 15 that SOMEriiH {‘1 i E iidD ii E  ii M-i
ggnthleieslncllllldllb‘ls’wilf ncgw feelyfreepto volunteer many of them go to the class mect- Board of Finance nor the Student MEDIATELY--\Vl€tlel y S u ell 1:. Oi acu y. 01

     
   

    

 

     
   
  
 
 
   
   
    

Only lime will tell about

    
  
   
    
 
 
    
   

     
  

AH DAMON AND ' ' l
v - 'l have the power to delete bOth- / a Friendship_ And on.

_ i he facult I to the ad. lugs and discuss the issues can CounCl i i i i i i i y
lnfoiliriatiiiliririi litili tail:ngvath you iiieiywiii use the fronting. Colman before they vote {lily lines, but merely recommend BOOKb. BOOKs. BOOiKb i i PYTHIAQ! NEX-C “me WI" fe" aboufa cigaie '
mns aii .iiii oiiii advantage Can something he on them. Student Council has com- lino cuts. The budgets are ﬁnally The book exchange is now in operation and its NO MORE SquABBLEsi THE ,L YEAHWTO KEEP 
iiiiiiiili3é‘iiiiﬁbo‘i’iri: ihe ii’iiiiimiiiiiiiion SCi‘mdiii? We think soi plately lost its represcmatlvc char. brought before the Student Assoclu- headquarters is In lower Husted. This exchange is Y l_ BE

    
   
    
  

actor and has evolved into an “aug- lion where they are again discussed open toiull students who wish to use it, and all book
but "Othmg W11“ evef lie gagging? rajmhgngpeilg usL" body of individuals who vote and passed in final form. Iirr short sale notices should be ﬁled there .Also. a word about
ggltlgglgb‘arld‘asltlson‘ot aslwideespread as rumor would as they feel. and not as the class the budgets are being dlSCUSHed the Sorority-Fraternity bulletin boat‘d—it's “Ot for

NO MORE FIGHTS!
FROM NOW ON,

FROM GLUGGlNG

Elke your time . ..
EACH OTHER .’ ‘

\q

HOLDING
HANDS!

  

 
   
 

    
   
  

. . -  s, or out this )olnt ul- January to June. each branch l'e- “Classiﬁed Ads." If you want to sell a book. go to tho IT’S BUD - l RlGHT! H
have “I Agamhnoitcmng card blfrgllf’vlllllngytbpehcfllbmgh $.3th Ttg Slate th’s installrce. Lust [routing the procedure of the other. book exchange—all notices posted on the SOI‘OI‘lti" Dy BUDDy' YOU AND ME, OW CAN
only those w o '1wa an“ nee 58m. to “event your a motion was brought before and the sad thing about the whole Fraternity board will be promptly torn down and you - THEY TELL
give the concrete i hormguon e y l Student Council to replace 'Big 4's :lllllu' is that the original budgets will have the wasted time and paper to no avail. WE’RE
the recurrence or sue a “8' with an All College production. It ul'tl libs-55d WithollL Siglilﬁwnl MORE BOOKS

The Present Situation is Just one more case in Wthh was defeated by Student Council 16 chunges in June. Is there a bigger The Co-op has finally hit upon a fool proof system
concerted action is needed. action which we feel to one, then taken to the Assembly music of time at State College? to get books distributed without too much confusion-..
should come from the student body. The Adminis- and passed by a vote of roughly In conclusion one could say that an you have to (1015 Submit to h m. detector test up.

PALS FOR

tration and the faculty might use their power to
enforce punishment. but only you. SA. can influence
the attitude of your fellow members toward the sit-
uation and bring about the desire for ethical conduct
benefitting students of college calibre, and a refusal
to tolerate the recurrence of the exam steillng, selling.
passing. or buying. regardless of who is involved. All
you are doing by protecting those involved in the
present situation is giving them the impression that
if they can get away with it you don't care. By your
silence. you give approval and support to their prac—
tices. We don't think NYSCT has that sort of ll stu-
dent body.

 

threc to two. Student Council then
acted in an unreproseutailvu mun-
ncr and again passed a motion ill to
one to reconsider the decision of the
Assembly. If the Student Council
was truly representing the opinion
of the students such a motion would
never had been introduced. All this
citation does is to prove lhlll llli'
Student Council did llol, nor does
it represent. the student body. is llllii
a characteristic of good govern-
mcnt'.’

M' 'c’lKad’s

government at State College is gov- on entering and leaving. '1er Co—op hasn’t lost any
crnmenl undel- u legislative that books, but quite u few of the students' books have
flOOSIl't legisllllb. \lndt‘l' 1m BXBCllthC disappeared from the check-room set up in the hull
that isn't l'cpl'csenlllLIVo. uncl under for personal belongings. We aren't complaining about
u Judicial-y that isn’t Judlclul'y. the system- we’ll Just be glad when it's over.
What could we do about this pseudo wuy my“!
government Ht State. Home seem to Lust your Student Coulull decided that the ECA
think that a simple clean up will C(lilli‘l‘i‘llCMV us not bum-final to the student body
solve the problem. Whut We need as :1 whole, llll(l (liSi'illlllilLin the policy of Sending
Is ull vlllil'uly new representative (lolrullics lo the conference. Now we lll'C being asked
form of govvrlllnvlu. u centralized. to appropriate money to send delegates for this yum
l-i‘llclt-ul form for our growing wiry'.J We think [hill the conference is good ox-
SChOOl- pel'lcnce for those wllo attend us delegates. but. no
_ i return in ideas, etc—ls ever realized by the student
body ill gl-uvl'ul. ’l‘llvrol'orc. we are uginst this appro—
pl'lulion lllllll we ('lill scl- conclusive proof lliut our
money is being spent to good advantage. When u
mic is iukvu in assembly, be sure you know ull lllu
fuels involved before you reinstate EC‘A.

 

 

 

   

We hope Illlll llll' All (lulu-go Revue will soon be
ill-ginning ll) lllkl‘ Hillllli‘. lillll illul. when the call 3003
Hill for usslslulu'u. ll will be there. Word is illll tlllll
we have u script. llll(l lirlli. now the Hill is for u (ll—
l‘l‘l‘liil' . . , 11" you feel lllul you can trickle this job
(lon’l. llesuulc to inform llli‘ Commitiuu of your (lush-u.
Ill‘Ilil‘I ANI) 'l‘lll‘Ililt

The Teacher Plul‘vlllt'lll lilu'euu policy pl lll(iil(‘lllH
people to llulul ill their folders has taken quite u
loll ulllmlg llli‘ St-llinl's. Wu llvul'd of quite u low Willi
llil\’(‘li'l l'l‘liliilt‘i‘i'd yoi keep pecking lil Lllui typo-
Wl'lll‘l' '53, you'll pol llii‘i'i‘ . . . We could hardly b0-
licvu our vyt-s \i’lli‘ll lilo poslulull clinic on Monday
morning illlll‘kH ul'l'lvlllu before the new semester
started. The |i(lllllillrill'lilll)|l deserves u 21 gun suluto
for this uluslulllilllu ucmmpllsllllll'lli. . . . How about.
putting some ill'W bulbs iii iim lllll‘lll.rtllll lullle ul

i PROGRESS

 

grub“m_~1a,t,gﬂnm,_.ﬂ.w~, Brulruchcl'. You switch on lilil Willis and Nothing llup-

pcuu . . . Alil'l' ('lli'i‘llll i‘Xlilllllllillilll tho question 0i
the your for '52 llll-‘r‘ been sell-clcll- ~"Wlu-ro urc tho.

"HI/h. .

/

'l/[l/I/I/

.////’_

 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     

  

4hr MILDNESS
and FLAVOR!

   

THERE MUST BE A REASON WHY Camel
is America's most popular Cigarette—
lcuding all other brands by billions!
(Inmcls have the two things smokers
want most—rich, full ﬂavor and cool,
cool rr/i/l/l/vn'...puck after puck! Try
(Iumels for 30 days and see how mild,
how iluvorlul. how thoroughly enjoy-
ublc they are as your steady smoke!

IL].
Hill.) Supph-urmris’l" THAN ANY OTHER iffb’i'ﬂii‘i'i
r (Nil‘lH'l‘H)N HI“ 'I‘Ill‘: “'I‘JEK  Win-dull-
To fulfill nuuy request: “A Portrait of Myskie." Did Y0“ “ii-“9 iii" WWW

 

 

 

Salem.
N. 0‘

 

 

 

