 

 

g}
z.

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

I I
Constitutional 7

This is the question before Student Association
today. Is the Assembly a legal, legislative body, or
has it been operating under a false assumption?

Myskania ruled that the Assembly is a legal body
which may pass legislation on the ground that the
word assembly is not capitalized and that it does
not indicate a quorum in Section A, Article V of
the Constitution of Student Association which reads:
“All legislative power of the Association shall be
vested In the assembly of the Association." They in-
terpreted the phrase “the assembly of the Associa-
tion" to mean not the gathering of the entire body,
but an assembly of some of its members for the pur-
pose of legislation.

Under Article III regarding membership, is the
statement: “All regularly enrolled undergraduates of
New York State College for Teachers and any spe-
cial students of this college shall become members
of this Association upon payment of the blanket
fee." Therefore any student who has not paid the
fee is not a member of the Association. Secondly,
the statement contains the phrase special students.
Under By-Laws Section 1 (g) “Any person who is
qualified to vote but has for a legitimate excuse,
been absent from a Student Association . . . meet-
ing . . . "Persons who are practice teaching, or work-
ing in the cafeteria, library, etc. are unable to at-
tend the assembly, yet they are members. If the
number of these people was tabulated and compared
with the total enrollment of the college, we feel that
the remainder could be seated in the Assembly.

According to Robert’s Rules of Order, “The quo-
rum of a mass meeting is the number present at
that time. Unless the by-laws provide for a smaller
quorum, the quorum of a body of delegates is a ma-
jority of the number enrolled as attending the con-
vention. The quorum of any other deliberative as-
sembly with enrolled membership (unless the by-
laws provid for a smaller quorum) is a majority of
all the members.” Since the Constitution of Student
Association does not state a definite quorum, we
follow the rules as stated above.

After thorough consideration of the question, we
conclude that the ruling by Myskania is valid and
that Student Association is legally assembled and
may conduct its business according to its Constitu-
tion. However, we wish to say that if we had a rep-
resentative form of government such questions
would not arise, and valuable time would not be
taken by unnecessary and useless debating of a ri-
diculous nature. But since Student Association voted
to continue compulsory assemblies, and a commit-
tee has been appointed to revise the constitution
and to better the organization, perhaps this com-
mittee should consider the subject of a quorum in
order to eliminate future needless discussion con-
cerning the constitutionality of the assembly.

Think Carefully . . .

Two new insurance plans will be presented by
Arthur Kapner in today's assembly. Both policies
are compulsory in nature. This first would be an
allocated program with premium of $16.50 for cov-
erage from September to June, and a five dollar
deductible clause for prescriptions. In addition, if
a student desired a yearly coverage, he could take
out a non-compulsory policy for the summer months
for a premium of $22. The second plan proposed by
Kapner Is a $18.75 policy for nine months coverage
with no limitation on medication, or an optional
yearly coverage for $25.

Without a compulsory insurance plan, such things
as football would be Impossible. Furthermore the
State University of New York is adopting a policy
toward compulsory insurance, and if Student Asso-
ciation does not approVe of such a plan it may be
forced to accept one by the Administration. Careful
thought should be given to this very important issue.

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1016
BY THE CLASS OF IBIS

RATING —— I“llt."l‘ CLASS

 

VOL. XXXVII March 0. 19in No. Iii

iii-nilicl‘n oi llic .\'I‘i\\'.\' nlnfl' may he i'I-liciicd i'Ilv ml.”
and \‘Il'Illll‘Vllil,\ Mom 7 in II p 111 iii '.‘iiii'lil [-le ll
I’liiilli'ri. I‘ciicc, '_.’ illi‘Jll. lil.illinun '.‘ iillli I\'¢I‘-'/.I‘\\~|\|. Ii “ti-'7‘,
.\l.l,\.illl~. \ii lllll'l‘. lilo-Muslin '11! UHT'J. Mall, '1 our.
i‘lu- nndi-l'gruiluolc II1‘\\'n|I.i|rcl' or iln- .\'cw i'oi'li Hlulc i'ol
li-ui- I'ur 'l'cncliI-I‘M Illlllll‘vllt'll c\ul‘,\ l"l‘lllii,l‘ olv llll' ('oicill'
year by Iln- \Iv:\\’.\' llil-ll'll ioi' lln' Hindu-oi ,‘uhiii'llllliili
IIAIlIiAlIA I'ICH'IG - - - - ~ ICIiiIor-ln-(‘liii-f
Ill‘i'ﬂ'li" IUDHZI‘ZI‘HIH ('o-.\lnungiuu l‘lililor
I'JN'I‘HI‘III .'\IA\ .\ It IS - v - ('o- Humming Iliiliior
INIGNI'J Iilil'i'liiNHlil (It'l’lllllli' liclnilons I'iiiilor
I'llil’liAlII‘i'l'll I'l./\’i"l‘ - t'o~l'ulillc liolulioii» I‘llllior
Alii‘il. ISI..\'I"I'\l/\N - - - v Hporin l'idlior
INHilbi Ilﬂlll'lﬂ'l‘\ - « » Hcliior Hlmrin .“l'lllllt‘l'
.Ililllli‘il‘.‘ HIHII'T ~ ‘ IiuulinmsAdwrllsliiu Miinuucr
.IIUHIGIJJCV HIUIJ‘JI - - - — - ('ircululion Slammer
“LIEU”: “'(NHHIAN - - - r - l'lxt'lliiiiun lliilllni'
.Hii'f'l'i Hl'lt'I'I'JN ~ > - v ~ - — Feature Indlior
“GENE Millililiil) - Associate Iidiior
RALLY lilClUii v ~ « v ~ ‘ - - Annoiviiiio I'lillim'
(‘A'I‘IIICIHNIC LVNi‘Il - - - - - - Associate Editor

ISSUE EDITOR - - - CATHERINE LYNCH

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 6. 1953

 

 

71w Rounding Jacquie“

 

Because of the notoriety and mor-
al issues involved, the High Council
of Students has ruled that the press
be barred from the ebullient cam-
pus during operations. Our report-
er slippd through the lines and
with courage beyond the call of
duty, has interviewed a few of the

 

POGO PUGILIST ’53, home with
mother. Library Science Major: “As
I have previously been quoted: The
development and success of any po—
litical institution is inversely pro-
portional to the control of the ma—
jority over the divided opinion of
the sometimes unscrupulus minori-
iy. It is directly proportional to the
square root of the population. with
due regard to the economic situa-
tion, over the sum total of the seats
in the assembly hall.

Therefore I am forced to assume
that Mysintcrp has not misinterpret-
ed the facts.

 

 

EliMElt l’ltlu’lilts '56, Mrs. Dim-
mcr‘s Dorm, Roman Physical (.‘nl-
llii'C Major; Well, I‘ve only bcco
here one semester and the asscnibiv
committee of the High Council of
Students has been very considcrulc
in apprtnn'iating a scat. for my con-
sumption tcvcn though I'd much
rather lean against tiic cafeteria
lines). Well to get down to Liltlc
Known Facts Twith permission of
State College Review: I would like
to make it clear that 1 Hill mcl'cli
a pledge, and I i'cnlixc lhal, when a
man plcdgcs to a iratcriniy hc is
still cniitlcd to his individualistic
ideals, bill I 1ch that. in my position
I wish to remain undecided.

 

Gamers-stake

 

as seen by Minnie watching her kids

affected individuals, sketching them
in their authentic environ.

The Question: Do you favor the
decision of Mysinterp. or do you
agree with the Eager Beaver peti-
tion brought before the “essembly?”

The Location: Beyond the ﬁzzle
point.

ZANNY BABE ’54, Sorority House,
Water skiing major: “Well Hon, It’s
like this: I managed to get down to
Page Hall last Friday, so I just hap-
pen to know what it’s all aboutl
The sing was pretty good, but I
thought that they were taking un-
fair advantage of the veep and the
parliamentarian, who didn’t have
her book with her. I do agree, I
think. that we the people should try
to abide by the decisions of the in-
terpreting bodies within our culture,
but if a majority thinks that their
decisions are not correct, a revision
is in order. Before I deﬁnitely com-
mit myself, I think it only right
that I consult the fellows downstreet
so we can all think with clear heads.

 

    

IMA HACK '55. House of Hearts,
Comparative melding, Major; Could
you wait 'till I finish this hand be-
foic you ask any more questions?
We‘re in four spades and I don't
think we're going to makc it because
the king of clubs is on my right.
Got a cigarette? I‘m out 'cuz I just
spent my last quarter on a new deck
of cards.

Well, now, I really don‘t know an
awful lot about this problem silica
I cut assembly last Friday. I was
in the middle of a real fast bridge
game. My partner bid us into three
hcartx and I didn't want to ans—
wcr lll diamonds again, so I . . . .

Oh yes, about this question; as
I scc it, It all depends on who's
dealing and if he’s got any cards up
his sleeve or not. When you‘ve takcn
cure of this matter you have 10
l'cink about. flnersing through the
Illgh Council of Students in order
In draw out all thirtccn trump.

 

'I‘Milii’ RADICAL '54. l"l'lilt‘l'iillv
lloilsc. I‘ll‘lililililli'lil (ichrnuicpi, Mn—
_ioi'; i stand Vci'y slrongly opposed
lo l.iic decision of l.lli' lliillill'ill)lt'
iili‘liilil'i‘}. oi Mysinicrp. in dying to
lic pi'uclicul ihcy linvc dcviulcd
irom lhc idcals iroiii which a gcn—
uinc dcmoci'acy >prings.

llnihci' than simply i'l‘hl'llllllil lin-
mlcrprclailon hamch down, i am
yi'cpnl'cd lo olici' a solution which
will solvc ilic pi'oblcin conVi-nlcnilv
and suiishlcloi'lly. i“or u iiomlnai Ice.
l mu cci'luiii tlic iti’i i"lcld House
in 'l‘i'oy could be routcd cvei'y ll'ri-

' day at 12:30.

By J. KORBA & R. HUGHES

 

ACTION

Brubacher has really been busy this week—the
clocks have all been turned to the correct time—a job
well done; the television set has been moved to one
of the activity rooms; and the lounge has been
straightened out to look more like the beautiful room
that it is. Brubacher is getting better than ever! We
would also like to remind our readers that the three
speed phonograph which was recently purchased by
Student Board of Finance is now available for student
use. You can borrow it very easily from the main
ofﬁce.

CONFUSION

The challenge to Myskania. which we will be asked to
note upon today, has a far greater signiﬁcance for
our student government than many of us realize. Thc
maker of the original motion, the motion challenging
the constitutionality of our student assembly, seems
to have lost his head over a very technical point. 11
has been stated by Myskania that our Friday assembly
is the legal arm of Student Association. And, yet. this
person still keeps pushing his unfounded cause, He is
not content to leave well-enough alone: he must dis—
rupt our government completely, without giving any
solution for the chaos which he is about to create, It
would have been far better for this seemingly inter-
ested person to pursue his interest along constructivc.
rather than destructive lines. Would not it have bccn
a far more sane and better idea to propose a Constitu-
tional amendment to correct the wrong which he be-
lieves to exist, than to make proposal after proposal
aimed only at creating disruptions and confusion
within the government. His clinllcngc and original
motion should be defeated in favor of a Con<tiiuiionai
change, either at the presan or when the Conslitll—
tional revision committee makes its report.

ADVANCES

Congratulations to Campus Commission for again
returning to the active column. The mailboxes havc
been cleaned out, mellow music plays in the Commons
every noon, and the assembly scaling list, will be up
today. Speaking of assembly seats, you had bcttcr be
in yours today. Since the Dean is back and the scat:
will be posted, there will be no excuses for being abxcni.

COMMENDABLE

The Commons certainly has bccn an uctivc lillH'I'
this past week. The sorority and i'ruicrnily incmbcrs
who have been working so hard rushing for the past
work to perform. Concerning the plcdgc duty which is
semester, now have a chance to give the lrosh a lillic
bcing done. we would like to put in a plug for ihc
shoe-shining pledges who are selling thcir lnicnh to
get money for the muscular dystrophy final. Wc hopc
that as many students as possible will ('(iilil'llnltc in
this worthy cause by having their shoes .xhincd by
these lovely pledges.

QUESTION 01“ THE WEEK:
Whose chest broke the X-l'ziy cuincrn???’.’?

 

I .M. ’l‘lilIH'l‘INU 'E'iii, I’nlc Slull, a spccllil :‘ilidcnl
on i‘oii’rship' Sccing as how l'vc only bccn Iicrc inc ‘1
couple of wccks and lhai l huvcn'l bccn through lhc
orientation program _\cl, 1 don‘l lccl [hill 1 am ac-
qunuilcd with studcni. proccdnrc Ihorounhly cnouizh
lo gIVc n dclailcd, inlclligcnl itii.‘w\\l'l' in 1111' qucslion.

Iluviiig lind lhc opportunity In ullcnd usucinhli :.c:.—
slon-. incciingr. ol Ihc lllgh (‘.ouncil ol Hindi-ills, and
lhc Myslnlci'ps lili'i'lllllih which arc opcn io iln- cnlm-
sludcnl. body, 1 lhink 1 how picancd cnoulzh inlorlua
lion lo gIVc lhc qucslion an oi'ci'vlcw Although 1 can!
reply withoul hcsiluilon. i'csci'vnilon or sccnl t'\'ilhllill
of iln- mind whuichr, I would Iikc lo may Iliol Ihc
Mysnilci‘ps \vcrc l'lt'l'li'il lnsl year no thosc who \\ci'l'
the mom. capable oi making judicial dcci ions.

Slncc Inc Mysinlci'ps wcrc cicclcd irolii ihc choc,
lhul. has bccn hcrc Ihc Iongcsl, ii is only Iolill‘ill I“
assume 11111! Hwy arc capable oi "carrying Iln'ounll”
lililhi clllcicniiy. IJpon IIth‘hlliiiillUll, I Iouiid lhul
iivI-lyc mclnbcrs on Myriinicrpi. rcccn'cd lhcn' quota
in tho pi'ci‘cl'cniliil clccllon hcld |u.~.l ycnl' 'i'hc pl‘c <
cnl ll‘i‘hlilliiiil class in lhc onh i'liliih' lhni did nol volc
Iii lhnl clccllon 'l'hcy arc ill llil'il' ll'niiillii'. pci'iod and
should hich lnilh in llic dcclnions hauled down by
this. jlidlciui board. I IIAVICI

'l'hc tlircc uppci' claw-s clcclcd thc Mynlnici'pn and
have no reason to complain.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 6. 1953

P’Aéa‘e a

 

State Debaters

SS Announces

Schedule Tourney Exam Deadline

For High Schools

A debate before the local chapter
of the Daughters of the American
Revolution, a tournament for eleven
New York high schools, and organi—
zational meetings for a coming dis-
cussion tourney are on the agenda
for the coming week for debaters,
according to Joyce Leonard '53, De-
bate Council Presment.

Using the topic “How can we im—
prove the United Natlons‘2”, four
students will debate for the DAR
meeting on Thursday, March 12, in
Albany. Mrs. Kirsch, Robert Berk-
hofer, Joseph Lombardi, Seniors, and
Madelyn Payne ‘54 will be the speak—
ers with Miss Leonard as moderator.

The eleven high schools attending
the second invitational debate tom'-
ney sponsored by State College, will
bring a total of 46 tennis for the
four rounds of debating. Visiting
schools include: Vincentian Insti-
tute, Jamestown High, Liberty High,
Poughkccpsic, Albany High, Cobles—
kill. Kingston, Millie, Pcekskill, Ilion
High, and Glens Falls.

Last week, Jellcrsonvillc High
School's “A” team won the tourney
with eight straight wins during the
day, over 16 teams participating.
Frank Ginihncr, Scliencvus senior.
received the most points to win the
key for excellence in speaking.

Bcrkhofcr and Miss Leonard are
again (to—chairmen for thc high
school tourney with judges being sc-
lcctcd from the roster of former
State dcbaters and present varsity
speakers: Evelyn Erdle, grad; Wal-
ter Farmer, Chathum High; George
Cln‘isty, Castlclon High; James
Thompson ’54; Florence Randcrson,
Spec; Edward Lehman ‘54; Vasi
Pantclakos, Coblcskill High; Ronald
Ferguson '54; Edward Cummings,
Grad, and Harold Vaughn. Jr.,
South Glens Falls High.

The National Headquarters of Se-
lective Service announces that ap—
plications for the April 23, 1953 Se-
lective Service Qualiﬁcation Test
must be postmarked not later than
midnight, March 9. This will be the
last test given during the current
academic year. Application blanks
may be obtained by students from
the nearest local board.

To be eligible to take the Selective
Service Qualification 'l‘est, an appli-
cant, on the testing date l1i must
be a selective service registrant who
intends to request delcrment as a
student; 12! must be satisfactorily
pursuing a full-time college course—
undergraduate or graduate—leading
to a degree; (3! must not previously
have taken the test.

The present criteria for considera-
tion for deferment as a student are
either a score of ’70 or better on the
Selective Service College Qualiﬁca-
tion Test or class standing among
the male members in the upper half
of the freshman class, upper two-
thirds of the Sophomore class or
upper three-fourths of the Junior
cia<s. Seniors accepted for admission
to a ginduate school satisfy the cri-
teria if they are among the upper
half of the male members of their
Senior class, or if they make a score
of 75 or better. Students already on-
rolled in graduate schools may be
considered for deferment so long as
they remain in good standing.
’1 hcsc criteria may be tightened.

The criteria are guides for the lo-
cal boards which are under no COIll-
pulsion to follow them, but any local
board classification is subject to up-
peal. The appeal must be filed in
writing with the local board within
10 days of the date the local board
mulls the noticc of classification. No
ocl'crmcnt is an exemption but
mcrcly a delay or postponement and
does not cancel the duty of the reg-
istrant to meet his obligations.

 

7min' 9n

 

The RPI Field House in Troy has
a number of public-interest shows
scheduled for the month of March.

America’s third oldest orchestra,
the Chicago Symphony, is coming to
the Field House at 8:45 pm. March
13.

The brilliant Czechoslovakian con-
ductor, Rafael Kubelik, will be on
the podium. Kubelik took over the
orchestra at the unusually young
age of 36 in 1950 when he was prac-
tically unknown in America.

The Chicago Symphony was fund-
ed in 1891 by Theodore Thomas
Among the distinguished conductors
of the orchestra in the past have
been Frederick Stock, Desire Defauw
and Arthur Rodzinskl.

This concert is the last in the
1952-53 series held at the Field
House.

The first Amateur Figure Skating
Carnival ever to be presented in
the Capital District will perform a

Canterbury Club
To Hold Meeting

The Canterbury Club will hold its
next meeting March 11 in Brubach—
er Hall from 7:30 to 9 pm. Under
the direction of Carleton Moosc. Su-
pervisor in the Milne School, the
group will continue its discussion of
the topic “Crowd Culture and the
Christian Religion." announces Ruth
Bccllcslonc ‘54, Presidan of Canter-
bury Club.

For the discussion, the group is
using Bernard lddings Bell's recent
book. "Crowd Culture" as a guide.
In his book. Canon Bell challenges
the iundainentai American belief
that the United States is a nation
of individuals, Miss Beetlcstonc says.

The room number for (his meeting
will be posted on the bulletin board
at Brubachcr on the evening of
March 11. Canterbury Club invites
everyone to attend this meeting.

By SY SEMMLER

7/“ 70am

 

matinee at 2:30 pm. and an evening
performance at 8:30 pm. on March
14 in the RPI Field House.

Two of the East's top figure skat-
ing champions will appear. Petite
Muriel Reich, Eastern Ladies Junior
Champion, and Noel Ledin, Eastern
Men's Senior and former National
Men's Novice Champion will add a
touch of championship skating to
the Carnival.

H. L. Garren, former producer of
the world-famous Lake Placid Car-
nivals and Summer Skating Operet-
tas is the director of the show.

A cast of over 100 costumed, pre-
cilson-drilled skaters will provide a
background for the invited stars.

Ballets, precision courts and dance
groups will perform.

A 14 act entertainment program,
headed by Florence Chadwick. Amer-
ican girl channel swimmer, is the
feature at the second annual New
York State Sportsmen's and Boat
Show scheduled at the Field House
March 25 through March 29.

Miss Chadwick, the only woman to
swim the English channel from
France to England and from Eng-
land to l: rancc, will demonstrate her
water technique in a tank show.

At the Delaware Theater this
weekend is “The Seventh Veil" with
James Mason. The co-ieature is
"Cleopatra" with Claude Rains.

Tonight and tomorrow night “Meet
Me At the Fair" and “Horizons
West” is showing oi. the neighbor-
hood Mudison theater.

The Albany Mcndelssoim Club is
giving one of its four yearly con-
(cris in the Chancellors Hall in the
State Education Building on March
11. ’l‘hcrc is admission to the per-
iorinuncc which begins at 8:15 pm.
The club is composed of local men.

An exhibit of Jerry Costello‘s per-
sonul collection of cartoons and the
cartoons of other famous people is
ill the gallery at the Albany Insti—
tutc of History and Ari. Mr. Costello
i~ the cartoonist for the "Knicker—
bocker News," Albany‘s cvcning pa—
per.

 

 

  
   
  

THIS
HOUSE/LL.

  

A CENT on
UPKEEPl

  

 

 

 
   

 
  
 
 

/7l

 

"gmn ~
I l Eta-Mp
PI

LL27 . —

\

—,.

   
   

 
  

z" m
' “MAKA BETTA Pl” 2.,
HoocE WILL BE «,5;
THE CLASS! EST

@2215; Zi‘me m7] n11... /

  
    
   
  
 
  

AND you WITH A HOUSE HOW CAN THEY
any THE LIKE ’I'l-ilS...ALL TELLSOSOON?
FURNACE OUR LIVING IT TAKES A HEAP

 

I
1Q

ON THE
CAMPUS!

TROUBLES

  
     
   
   

 

  
 
 

 

 

MORE PEOPLE SMOKE

" ,1‘2.
1.. . I .

  than any other cigareiielm “

  
    
    
    
 

o’ uvw’ TO MAKE
A HOUSE A HOME!

  

 
   

' (0" . ’ . «
:f‘ it“ .
‘ ‘  "We".
‘ ‘ ‘7‘ ‘ - , . {Nico i .i
‘ “I N ui‘Illlllill
‘i 'l'oli c...
Winslow
Null-iii.
NJ‘T.

Qiﬁ/Qg Mﬂaéoafm o/a/
douse ./ 40d 0/2// ffme W/ﬂze/oéoa/a
agareﬁ‘e ./ ﬁfe/oar M776. ..

Test CAM ELS

lbr 30 days
1001’ MILDNESS and
FLAVOR!

THERE MUST BE A REASON WHY Camel l3
America's most popular cigarette—lending
all other brands by billions! (Zaincls have
the two things smokers want most—rich,
full Ildl’lll' and cool. cool IIIi/r/Ilex.i'...pnck
Tiller puck! 'I‘ry (Inuit-ls for _i() days and see
how mild, how flavorful, how thoroughly
enioyiiblc they are as your steady smokcl

    
 

Gov't Seminar

Opens June 23
In Washington

YMCA, YWCA
Offer Student PinCCt

The Eighth Annual Washington
Student Citizenship Seminar will be
held in Washington, D. C. from June
23 through August 31, 1953. The
Seminar is sponsored by the Nation-
al Student Council of the YWCA
and the YMCA

The Seminar is a work-lecture
project which offers an opportunity
for students on temporary summer
jobs in federal agencies to learn
about government from distinguish-
ed ofﬁcials in Washington. It is
open to men and women of all races
and creeds, who are in their Junior
or Senior year at college, who are
genuinely concerned about the pur-
poses of the Seminar, who have the
background and interest in political
science.

Further information L‘ld applica-
tion blanks may be secured by writ-
ing to: Miss Jimmie Woodward. 600
Lexington Avenue New York 22,
N. Y.

SUB To Hold
Dance Tonight

Two basketball dances will be
sponsored by Student Union Board
this weekend, reports Mary Ann
Rolling '54, secretary.

A jukc box dance will be held in
the game room Friday night. March
(5, after the basketball game. George
Hathaway '54 is chairman of the
dance.

Patricia 'I‘heobold '54, is chairman
of an orchestra (lance to be held
after the game on Saturday night.

The TV set has been moved from
the lounge to an activity room tem-
porarily on a trial basis, states Miss
Rolling.

    
       
 
 

    
  
  
   

 

 

 

 

;. argmgw '

m. .....,.......,,,g.,,. ‘

 

