 

 

\
‘3':
a .
it

ha-
ll 1
g.

 

 

’PAGI I

 

STATE COLLEGE“NIWIc'-"‘FRIDAYL JANUARY 9. "1953‘

    

 

College Alumni
To Give $500
Husted Award

In June of this year, the Alumni
Association of the College will award
the third in a series of fellowships
provided for by a fund established
in recognition of the fiftieth year
of ervice on the faculty of Dr. Al-
bert N. Husted. The award amounts
to $500.

Candidates or the fellowship must
have earned a bachelor's degree at
the College and have been in resi-
dence for at least two years at the
College. Further, they must have
demonstrated superior scholarship,
character, personality, and interesr,
in teaching.

Graduates who are interested in
applying for the Husted fellowship
may obtain blanks by writing Mrs.
Bertha Brimmer, Secretary of the
Alumni Association, Alumni Office,
State College, Albany, N. Y. Appli-
cations for the 1953 award will be
accepted until April 15.

 

Mom, 0am

74¢ 

 

According to the “Ithacan,” a sa- .

tiracal story printed in the Michigan
Daily entitled “I Killed the Presi-
dent” has been assailed by Mrs. F.
A. Novikov, Byelorussion delegate as

an example of American Press “war-
mongering‘." ?

Our browsing has turned up the
following bits of poetical wisdoms:

The kings of Peru were the Incas.

They were widely known as big
drincas.-

They worshipped the sun

And had lots of fun

But the peasants all thought they
were stincas. _ U

"I‘is better tglbe loved
And lost.  I

Than wed and be
Forever bossed.

—And also the following humor-
isms: ' ~

Chief: “You are charged with ha-
bitual drunkenness. What excuse do
you have to offer?" ' .

Student: “Habitual thirst, Chief."

Confucius say: Boy and girl who
kiss on hill, not on the level.

“What do they mean by college-
bred?” 

“That’s a four-year loaf made with
your father’s dough."

Best Seller: “She Had Two Bath-
rooms" or,.“Wife’s Other John."

Big Ten‘ Coach to players. “What’s
the matter with you guys? You look
like a bunch'of amateurs."

A test is like an operation. It
seems you don't know anything
about the things that come out.

Husband: Sitting up in bed: “Keep
your cold feet off my back!”

1 Wife: Sobbing: "Honey, you nev-
er. said that before we 'Were mar-
ried." _ '

Pat: “I hear O'Callahoon’s battle-
ax beat up the 01' man again.” -

,Mike: “Yeah, she found. out the

pigeon he was playing With wasn't
in the park.”
. A young couple, Mr. and Mrs. Barr
were devoted to their respective hob-
bies. He was a cyclist, and she a
pianist. Their ﬁrst son born. they
desired to name him as to designate
their favorite pursuits. After much
thought, the husband exclaimed.
“I’ve got it! Handel Barri"

'A haw group, known as the Cap-
ital District Biochemical Colloquium
i‘s‘being organiZed for the purpose
of discussing topics of biochemical
iinterest. It will meet at 8 p.m. on
the third Thursday of each month
at a place to be announced.

The ﬁrst meeting will take place
on Thursday, January 15, at the Vet-
erans’ Hospital, 113 Holland Avenue,
Albany. in Room 625-A.

The speaker at this meeting will
be-Sol S. Nelson, of the Medical Re-
- Search Laboratory, Veterans’ Admin-
istration Hospital, and the topic of
discussion will be “Electrophoresis:
Theory, Technique, and Applica-
tions.” All State students are in-
vited to attend.

[News' Board Names

New Staff Members

I continued from Page 1. Col rtmn 2i

cording to Henry Koszewsky and
Esther Mayakis, Co-Managing Edit-
ors: Gladys Cook, Marie Devine,
Janet Eygnor, Carol Ann Luft, Eliz-
abeth Kutas. Arnold Newman, Jean
Shaw, Elaine Swarthout, Virginia
Van Orden, and Jane Whitehurst.
freshmen.

1 Chemical Organization I-FTo Hold Meeting,
' Invites. Student interest Name SLS initiates

Fraternity plans include an IF
Council meeting at 7 am. Tuesday
in Brubacher, and cancellation of
the APA rush party which was to
be held Friday, January 16. It will
be held February 20.

At 3 pm. Sunday, SLS will form-
ally initiate William Collins '54,
Richard Kelly, Henry Booke, John
Orser, and Frank Lo'I‘ruglio, Sopho-
mores.

Director Announces
Committee Chairmen

IOrmtinued tram Page 1. Column 5)
ilyn Werbalowsky '55; for “This
Property Is Condemned” is Margar-
et Genser '55; and for “Everyman,”
Jessie Raynor ‘54, and Evanglia Ver-
ven and Helene Golda, Sophomores.

Committee chairmen include Stag-
ing, George Hathaway; Make-up,
Elsa Brill; and Props, Cynthia Hills,
Juniors; Lighting, Nadine Watson
and Evanglia Verven; Costumes,
Kathleen Anderson; and Business
and Publicity, Nancy Evans, Sopho-
mores.

Admission will be by Student Tax
ticket or 60 cents per person for
those who do not have Tax tickets.

 

 

Chester

“THEY SATISFY-AND HOW. . . in school and out, I’ve been
a Chesterfield smoker for 5 years,“ says John B. Boyce,
ﬁnancial analyst. “They’ve got what it takes to give me
what I want in a cigarette."

9%, . C2,
n COLUMBIA UNIV. 'so

 
   

    
       
         
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

mm H A

i 3
'K‘i'hlGL 5 i2 E

GA ETTE§

ield is Besttor

-And First to Present

this Scientific E

Effects of Smoking

MEDICAL SPECIALIST is making regular
bi-monthly examinations of a group of
people from various walks of life. 45 percent
of this group have smoked Chesterfield for an

average of over ten years.

After eight months, the medical specialist re-

ports that he observed . . .
no adverse effects on

and sinuses of the group from smoking

Chesterfield.

CHESTERFIELD—FIRST and only premium

quality cigarette available
king-size.

 

YOU!

 

vidence on

the nose, throat

in both regular and

 

  
 
 
 

i“! w;

 
 
   

ervnmnuiu (t .i'r'll

  
 
 
   

Copyright 1952. Mental] a Mulls 'luiiM co (.0.

ll Mun ‘ )“A(l(i((\

     

A

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'3‘:7.‘i’!.:um':m~gv—nmw-_—W‘ ‘

 

 

2-457

Potter To Hold
Weekend Dance,
APA Lists Party

AE Phi Installs Dean,
Names New Sub-Dean

Potter Club and Alpha Pl Alpha
have scheduled rush parties for
their weekend’s activities, while Al-
pha Epsilon Phi has announced a
newly installed Dean and Psi Gain-
ma has initiated one new member.
the respective presidents have an-
nounced.

A rush party will be held tonight
in Brubacher Dining Room by Pot-
ter Club, Paul Ward ‘53, President,
discloses. Set in a nightclub scene,
the dance will be from 9 p.111. to 1
a.m.. with music furnished by Bob
Massey’s Band. Women will be giv-
en 2 o'clock hours it has been an-
nounced. ,

General Chairman for the eve-
ning is Peter McManus ’54. James
frcshmcnt committee and decora-
Finnan ’54 is in charge of the re-
tlons are under the supervision of
Donald Capuana '55.

Alpha Pl Alpha’s rush party or-
igina'ly set for January 16 has been
rescheduled, according to Leo Bcn-
neit ‘54 of the Executive Committee.
Inv tacons will soon be out for the
twentieth of February.

Pearl Mlntzer '53 was installed at
the last Alpha Epsilon Phi meeting
as Dean. She served us sub-dean
undcr Sandra Cohen '53, who has
graduated. Newly icstallcd sub-
dcan is Ruth Herslc .vitz ’53, Miss
Mimzcr  stated.

Formal initiation i'or Nina Scar-
amnzzo ’55 was held by Psi Gam-
ma, lrcne Brezinski ‘53, President,
discloses.

Forum To Elect
Senate Delegates

Forum will hold a general meet-
’11:; Fcbrunry 12, 7:30 p.m., un-
nounccs Douglas Nielsen '53, Speuk—
cr. The meeting will be devoted to
the nomination and election oi‘ dele—
gates and alternates to the third
annual inter-collegiate Mock Scn-
zitc. The Mock Scnntc will mch at
the State. Capital in the hitter part
01‘ April.

Lnst year’s delegates included
Douglas Niclscn '53. Glen Ariniiugc
'. 2. who u as elccieLi Spcnkcr, Mor-
ion Cohn '53, and Robert Burns '55.
A.icrnntcs wcrc Mnrvin Chcruoi‘l‘.
1; hurt Rciglc, Ralph Moot. Juniors;
nnl Lillian Wcllcr ‘53.

The bills which were introdin-ud
last year by the delegates were for
pcrmuncnt pcrsonul registration and
Sinic nppoinicd attorneys for mu-
tcrinl witnesses.

Thc dclcgntcs nnd alternates
cicclcd to [he Scnntc this your will
be nblc to introduce two bills illcy
:h.nk will bc bcnciiclnl to Ncw York
Sluic.

’l‘o round out the cvcning‘s pro-
grnm, :1 film cullilcd “A Time for
(lrc.nncss” will bc shown. The film
dcni.» \\'llll ihc l'occign policy of the
llnlicd Slnlcs, slntcs Niciscn.

ED To Perform Play
For Scotia High School

'l‘llc lillcuicniury Drnmniics clnss
wl.l givc u rcpcnt pcri‘ol‘lnnncc oi
'lfcl'und." ui Scolln High School
chncsdny, nnnounccs Dr. 1’. ii.
i’cliil. Arrislnni Prol‘cssor of English.

'l‘hc pluv 1.x onc oi' n trio givcn by
the El) l‘lllh'h‘ inst scmcslcr. 'i‘hc cost.
includes llnrry Wurr '54, .lumcs lu‘r—
lnndson, liclcnc (.ioidn, Al‘lcnc
Ynnks. .lonn Carlin, ltlvclyn Rubcu
nnd Robert iicndcrsoli, Sopholnorcs.
As island. to thc dll‘cclol‘ is Murilyn
Wcrbciowsky 

’l‘ln- plny is no llungnrlnn I'nrcc
dining with ihc problcms of school
minumsiruilon und is dil'ccicd by
Dr. l’utiii.

 

Graduates Goin
Teaching Posts
ThroughoutState

The following 15 teacher place-
ments of State College graduates
have been anonnced by Elmer C.
Mathews, Director of the Teacher
Placement Bureau.

Joseph Higgins, ’49, has a position
with social studies 9and 11 at Law-
rence. Mrs. Joann (Morrill) Nolan,
‘50, is teaching English 11 and 12 at
Lansingbnrgh; and Frank Maguire,
‘51. is teaching Junior high English
at Ravens. Members of the class
of '52 who have obtained positions
are Victoria Baldino, commerce at
Sharon Springs; Alexander Di Cic-
co, commerce at chsselacr; and
James Warden, Junior high math-
ematics at Holland Patent.

January graduates who have re-
ceived positions include Grace Mey-
cr. Engl sh and French at Fleisch-
mnllll‘; Richard Scott. Junior high
English and social studies at Oneida
Junior High, Schenectady; Jean
B.n‘gc. schncc at Berlin; Leo
Dcutschmnn. commerce at Malvcrnc,
Long Island; Jolln Thcrrion, math-
cmniics at Boston. Pa; Virginia
Drums, commcrcc at Norwood; Sun-
dru Cohcn, English at Red Hook;
Roscrtson Bnkcr, science ut Wood-
more; and Inn Mac Van Buskirk.
commcrcc :it Angola. ,

Team Schedules

Debate On UN

chniing the topic Resolved:
"Tlllll ihc Unitcd Nations Needs A
Rc-cvnluution of Its Duties and
Arcns of Authority," Your State Col-
lugc nlliKlClllS will prcscni a pro-
i‘m' the slate Rotary convention, in
ihc 'l;n Eyck i-Ioicl ui 11 am. to-
(iuy, according to .10ch Leonard '53
Dream Collil.‘ll President.

i'pholdlir: tho ui'irmniivc will be:
Aniin Lilcni'cld, nnd Robcri Bork-
lioi‘cr. Seniors. On the negative will
be Joscph Lombardi ‘53, State Coi-
lcgc rcprcscniutivo at the Model
Unitcd Nations Assembly held in
Ncw York City inst sununcr' and
Harold Vaughn. (irnd. Vaughn spent
cight \chs but .sununcr in Czccho-
slovukin us :1 Community Ambnssn—
dor. Miss Lconurd will not us chuir-
hum of thc dcbuic,

State College

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 6. 1953

Cockney Drama, Greek Come

—»  - ~-'«-;+n.-.
. ’ ‘ * '73 r11:
. EM“? .f ,...‘ n.  fr .V 
~ n. r Noimm‘l'i .v
#1”, A. .gongAgjm
' . "I" ' .:,-:;..-mi cm

Q 5- ~"i .ii‘J-zv

. V?Li""xxx‘m. {‘3‘ l...“
J c
,. '7 y

l' .4-

      

» “Tr P

 

Highlight AD Play Productions

 

Prospective Men Teachers Ran
Lowest On Deferment Exams

“Last week disturbing evidence
came to light to uphold the thesis
that superior high school graduates
shy away from teaching.” This is
the opening paragraph of an arti-
cle by Benjamin Fine in the Edu-
cational Review of Sunday's New
York Times.

The armed services asked the
College Entrance Examination
Board to ndmin;ster draft defer-
mcnt tests to young men in college.
of military age. In 1951-52, the bu-
icuu gave more than 400,000 tests
as part of its Selective Service Col-
lcgc Test program. Those who went
below a certain mark might lose
their claim for exemption. Half of

Student Council

Studies Question
Of Class Quorum

N0 assembly is scheduled for to-
day according to an announcement
made at a meeting of Student
Council Wednesday evening. The
nuscn given for this is that seating
churts have not been completed and
the Student Facilities Board Bud-
gc... is 1‘“ ready to be presented to
Sludcn. Association.

Class ﬂuorums were discussed and
Studan Council recommended that
the governinan revision committee
that they consider quorums. The
Senior class quorum of 20 was ap-
proved. A quorum of 25 set by the
Junior class was not approved and
n rcmmmcndniion was made that
it be ruiscd. Thc Sophomore quorum
01‘ 35 was npprovcd as was the fresh-
mun clnss quorum of 55.

Mcmbcrs oi" the government revi—
sion committee were announced.
They include Ruth Dunn, Betty
Coykcndn‘l. and Barbara Peace,
Scniors; Patricia Dean and Kurt
l'ioscnbnum. Juniors; and Bradford
Miller '55.

Joscph Lombardi ‘53, Chairman
of Rivalry Committee, reported ihnt
R \‘ulry swimming will be held on
’l‘hursdny. February 19.

IConiinurd on Page 0, Column 5/

Nuclear Science Expert To present
Lecture Of National Fame Tonight

’loulclu :n 7::l0 p.111. in lirubuchcr
Hull. IVCI“ is prcscniing I). Lcc
ihcslnui n his nnilonnlly known
Eccnmn, "l‘hc Atom Spcnks nnd
lﬁrlinuii lhc \Vord oi God." Blbic

I). Llili (‘Iilin'l‘N l"|‘

s'u-Liy will bc hcld loduy und cvcry
Fri;th in lltnpcr 1109 undcr the di-
lc.'i.oll oi Donuld Stine ‘53, un-
nounccs‘ \'Vllllllill Whiiwcr '53, Pros-
ldini oi IVCI‘".

An ilcclrlcnl anzlnccr Willi the
(l c n c 1‘ nl l!) l c c i r i c Company.
(,‘licsinni .5 rcsp nsl‘olc for tho snlc
oi' l;ll)il.lli(ll'.\' nnd rc~cnrch cqllip-
uscnl 1.) ill cducnilonni nnd rc-
rclrch lllnlililll‘h‘ in ilic Unitcd
l'il.ilih‘. ll.- hns l'rcoucnlly bccn u
industrial, c.\‘ c. and rcligious
spcaklr lo cninnccrinrz. busmcss,
ill'iliill\ cn ihc snbicci ol' nuclcnl'
H'll‘ili'c .n ihc lnimnn's lungungc.
'.\iorco‘.ir, hc i‘lll]lll.i\l7li'l~i lhni his
,r. i'lllii.lnlll.~i nl'c uivcn in nu in-
.' ruinl uunnnr. .\'lill(ilil umihcnuii-
us uni .ll'.‘ \icll illuslrulcd with
slidcs.

As c.l.lcn.-o oi h s duul inicrcsts
in lhc l shunnil nnd rclunous llclds.
Chcslnni is nl'iillutcd with tho
.Allli‘i'ii'lll S..clcly i'or liln.',lllt‘l‘l‘ilig
lt‘dlicnlmll. nnl ihc Nuilounl A550.
union oi' l~:\nnzn'liculs.

'l‘iic lVL‘l" n\'iics nnd urges cv-
cryonc to attend.

k to ents Irect I
Laboratory Bill 
Directing the Advanced;.Drama-
the test was verbal and the other tics Laboratory'plavs Tuesday even-
haif was quantitative, calling for ing will be Doris Hagen and Fran-
al'lthmetic reasoning- ces Cilibertl, Juniors..The first, of
Analysis revealed startling re- these productions to be presented
suits. Men training to be teachers
did the poorest of any group. “,1 Page Hall is 8‘ cmkney “tin”-
Among the students in each year 'lhe second pmducmon is a WWW
of study, the proportion of those based on the story of Helen of Troy.
in the education category who pass- The plays will commence at 8:30

ed the test is less than one-half of pm. Admissyon is by student Tax.
the engineering category, which was

the highest. In the educational Directors List Cast

classiﬁcation, secondary educators Appearing m the comedy, wmch

r. l" -,
.Z‘Ji‘itai‘teel‘utiffén ZEiegﬁi‘yysiiié is reported to be a delightful take-
the lowest, while elementary stu- Off 0“ the Greek tale 0f Helen: are:
dents mm the poorest ;.srcentage Joanne Doyle, Sonia Bush, John
that lJﬂSSBd the BESC- Jacobus, and Frank Giannone, Jun-
Dr. Roscoe L. West, president of lors, and Ross Hack ’56. Miss C'iliber-
Nteiiii“ Jﬁibfill’sStzce aveaChe": some? ti‘s comittee chairmen are: Techni-
. 'e : “ ‘ .
iiiincl that did] repor: Sbtfers halnalz cal director’ Mariam Wiles; Prop-
tlon-wide ﬁeld and that Midwest~ Eli-es, Norma DeROOS» coswmes'
cm and Western colleges are not Marcia Griff; Makeup, John Laing

as selective as those in the East . . . and Sound Eﬂects' Dolores Donnely
in many colleges . . . almost any- H J . , '
one with a high school education a umms'
1‘ acceptable; llagen Releases Names of Cast

. . . the country must have 56- The drama directed by Miss Ha?
lective admissions, better conditions en centers around a lime Cockney

for teachers and higher salaries." .
“The report of the Educational guuersmpe' portrayed by Marilyn

Testing Service confirms the ﬁnd: El‘tel' '56- Others featuredJ-m this
ings of earlier studies that colleges play are Kathleen Wright,’53, D1-
of teacher education are not at- mme Wheeler .54 Ruth Brown .55,

iractnig male students who can ,
$01G as high on tests of a “verbal” Alan Weiner and Eleano Goldman,
Technical director for

or “quantitative” nature as stu- fl‘esllmen.
dents in the liberal arts or profes- m's production 15 Richard Jacob-
E‘lOllill Iields . .  states Dr. William son .53 Other comittee chairmen

F. Russell. president of Teachers ' ,
MUM“, at Columbm are: Props, Kathleen Wright 53,
"It is hoped that the colleges of 90,5l'umesv Mudﬂeme Payne: PUb‘
L4111'l15r education will . . . intensi- “C‘W' Jon" angi Lights? Marcia
Gl‘llf; House, Norma R005 and

3- their present campaign for lm- _
])l'i).iSCxl work and increased sup- Makeup' Margaret Eckertr Jumors'

.—-,

1.c.t for . . . bcticr economic condi-
ions for the teacher . . ." says Dr. c G
Russell.  

COliins Names Plan State Fair
Plans are now being completed

  for the animal State Fair, which

will be held on February 21, 1953.

Dr‘ Gem-go w; Murphy! associate Group houses, sororities, fraterni-
chmmbt “L me Argonne National tics and other campus organizations
Laboratory. Illinois, has joined the W1“ Con‘l'lbute the” 950115 it? this
{u .Hm. m- SLML. College for Tone” night of festivities. In establishing
“.8 “I; professor and head of me a new tradition. the proceeds will
Dcpnrtmcnt of Chemistry. “9mm 111d 0 fOI'Elgn Student
Hc succeeds Dr Oscar E Lan- Who wm be awarded me 5mm
l‘ord. who became Dean of the Col- 1:9” SCh_°mrsmp' MISS Rat” Coop"
1014“ mm Jun, 1. DR Mumml who u. n graduate from Pakistan, is
mmwmmly “gas 0“ the mmmy of the first benefactor of the scholar-

 , . ‘ , ship established from the proceeds
.hc Unniisliy oi Arkansas, has n 01. Stu“, mufﬁn)”.

bil.‘ll(lUl' of arts degree from the
University of Arkansas and n Doc- The sum. Fair Committee as up.
tor of Philosophy degree f1'0111 the pointed by Student Council from
U111‘-‘¢“'-\‘ili' 0f NOW“ Cm‘onnﬂ- Student Association recommenda-
llr. Murphy‘s position heads a lions of State Fair Committee—1952
tisl oi i‘uculv changes for the spring are ns follows: General Clll'ill‘ii'lllll.
:ciiic~l.cl‘ lllll‘.()|lll(‘(‘(l by Dr. Evun R. li‘rnnccs Hopkins '54; Treasurer,
(‘oilins President of the College. Pctcr McManus '54; Secretary, Sue
IHMAH It W“ Glow. Amsmm 'lrmrnhnri '56; Prizes, Carol Shriner
p‘. H N”. Ur Community Studies, mi. and Publicity. Ronald Koster 55.
lzcccnics nciingl dh‘ccior oi' iilc Cl‘ll- c R
hr for community studies at Stute, '
cii‘ccinc mmcdintcly. He replaces omm'ttcc cques“
Dr. \‘Villium Vici'cry. who has nc- '
.‘.‘|)li'tl 11 position with [he Nntionnl Appllcants For Revue
( oui‘crcncc of Christians and Joyvs.
Vln‘liill; proicssor of social slud-
zcs L» Dr. Ali‘rcd D. Low. who has
bccn on the facility of Mnrictiu
(‘olicgc, Ohio. seven years. He rc-
i .iccs lir. llobcri lticnow. who is
ill lllnropc this SNIM‘W‘IU 'l'hc applications should include
(Ah-J ncwcomcrs urc 'I‘hcodorn 1m. mum. of mt. applicant, class,
“1m”  “in” “us mm “dde L“ “‘0 prcvlons cxpcricncc. and whether or
Emu-ntonni Dcpnrlmcni sinil nsnn “m mt. uppmum “"5 u pussmg
lisslsiillli proi‘cs~or, and Henry 'I‘. “cm-ng
Will. nn instructor in education.
who will be supervisor of Latin in
the Milne School.

Appliclillons for the Director and
Business Coordinators of the All-
Collcuc Rcvnc will be accepted by
illi‘ All-Collch Revue Committee
nuiil ’l‘ucsdny.

'l‘hosc ‘ntcrcsted must apply to
Fran Hopkins '54 by student mail.

  

