 

 

 

PAC. 1

WherejDo You Stand? '

Following the discussion of the examination scandal
in last week’s News it was discovered that many stu-
dents of the college were totally unaware of any
dishonesty among their fellow-students in the taking
ofitests. Once informed. however, we had an imme-
diat wave of protest and indignation and a demand
that “something be done." Without complete know-
ledge of the situation. however, these students were
at a loss to.know what to do. and many seemed to
feel that action of some sort should come from the
Administration. What has happened to the situa-
tion? Has anything been done? We are entitled to
know where you stand. _

When the fact that examinations had been in th
hands of students before their administration first
came to light, a. conference was held by our leaders
and the Administration and it was felt that a co-
operative investigation should be undertaken. The
Administration felt that initial action should come
from SA, and agreed to consider any recommenda-
tions which that body might make as a result. Mem-
bers of Myskania and some Student Council members
did conduct such an investigation and discovered
much pertinent information. all of which seemed to
point in the general direction. but none of which
could be considered conclusive enough to base rec-
ommendations upon. The leaders of SA came face to
face with the fact that they simply did not have
the power, prestige. or fear-creating abilities, call it
what you may. to force the guilty parties to come
to the Administration with their confession or to
convince those who had the necessary proof to put
their testimony on record.

Early this week. members of SA went to the Ad-
ministration and told them that they were stymied.
that they didn't know what to do in the way of fur-
ther SA initiated action. that unless they had some-
thing new to go on. some new approach to the prob-
lem. they felt they could accomplish nothing. But
they received little help from that body. To summar-
ize, the ball was merely tossed back into SA's lap.
We were advised that the problem is a challenge to
SA honor. that only SA can vindicate itself. that. in
short. it ought to put its own house in order.

Wednesday night Student Council caught that ball
and passed it back to the Administration in the form
of an unanimously approved letter to the effect that
Council asks that the Administration assmne the re-
sponsibility for disciplinary action. and listing logi-
cally and clearly, we feel. reasons why Council feels
that any further investigation would be ineffective.
That is the situation to date.

In returning the matter to Administrative hands.
Council turned down a proposal for a good-of-the-
order meeting on the subject. It was felt that little
could be accomplished by same. We have now, in effect.
admitted that we are not capable of doing anything
further with the matter but do we mean this in a
disciplinary or investigatory manner. Obviously, we
cannot remove people from college. place them on
probation. or force them to retake examinations.
Authority in all such disciplinary matters lies with
the Administration. But let us not forget that neither
can the Administration manufacture a concrete case
against anyone out of thin air. Certainly SA is in
a far better position to furnish that information, if
it. will do so. Therefore, we still maintain that coop-
ratlve action is needed. Ccrtanly this is a challenge
to the honor of SA. but can it not also be termed a
challenge to the-faculty proctoring system, and. in
lack thus, for a disciplinary action. a challenge to the
Administrative policy?

What further can SA. as a. whole. do? Perhaps a
good-of—the-order meeting is a starting place. We do
not mean one of the name-culling variety. but one in
which student opinion as a whole may be explored.
At any rate. it might be interesting to see just how
many would actually sit back and allow certain in-
dividuals to laugh up their sleeves and say they got
away with it and all because their fellow-students
were too soft-hearted or soft-headed to break with
that great emotional god. Loyalty. and allow their
senses of honesty and justice to take over. It's not.
easy. but, if you do not wish the matter filed and
forgotten. the longer you wait. the more difficult it
will become. You. SA. have been wrong. You cannot
punish those who wronged you. but you can certainly
aid those who can - - - if you will . . .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IOIB
BY THE CLABU 0F HMO

RATING — FIRST CLASS

 

VOL. XXXVII February 13. 1053 No. 15
Member» ol' the NEWS stuff uiuy lw roucIu-d ’l‘ih-mlnj

Illlil \\'iuluomlu,\' from 7 to II om. uI ‘Jiilinil. Ext

I'honna: l'oucu, 'J illi'JiI; liiuiluiun. 1: Will; Kliuuuu'slil. il K5127;

.\tu,\'ukiu. Ml IIIII'J: lircainnliy. II‘J-oH'lLI; l'lutl. '.' Mill.

The umlm'grmluuiv Iii-\Vrllllilloi' oi‘ Illo New York Hluic l'ol

loud for 'l'l'tli‘lli'I'Nl published ~'\’I'I'_\' l"l‘lt|ii,\’ of tho l‘ul I-go

your by the NEWS IIourd for lho Hindi-ht Association.
lIAICIIAIiA I'I‘JIH‘I‘I - - - - v Eilltor-In‘t'hiof
III’JVIH’ IHIH'IMWHKI t‘o-Munnginu Editor
EN’I‘III‘III MAIAKIN - «‘ t‘o-ltlunuging Editor
IIINNK IIItI'lZINNIH‘ - ('o-I'nhltc Ilclntlmm I‘lllltur
ELIMIIE‘I'II I'I.A‘l"|‘ i‘wl'uhllc llnlntlona Editor

" - - Nporta Etlltor
"(HUN INHIEIC'I'V - - - Nrnior Hportn \lcnilwr
.IOIIIIIME HKOEF - - - lluulnnee-Aihurtlsinu .\liunlgor
\IAlulflJiltN NIUIJCR - - - ~ - (‘lrculntion Munuuw
MI'RHN. WINHHIAN - l'lschanue Editor
.NH’lili: Nllll'l‘I'lN - Venture ICIHIDI‘
INHNI‘I MLIHH‘IID .hnioi‘lulo lililltur
NAIJJ' ("GINO v v — Aunclnio ICtlltor
erumusu Lymiu . - Aeuocluto Editor
.‘ll t'IlIlllIIIIIIli'iillulu Nliiililll Iw .‘lilllfl'rirtt'll Ill [hp lulhm- um]
mind he at owl Minn-a will lio within-hi upon I'I'Ijiingi
'l'hn H‘I‘A'I'iv. l'iil.i.lv:fil-i NEWS nonoluva no rcnponnillllliy
for liltllilonu I'I‘ll'l‘ﬂﬂi‘ll In It». columns or comInunlcuiiuu}.
us such express om»- do not nochmrrily rci'lcci Ilu view.

0-“

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 13. 1933

ram 0/ .4 star me”

By DAVE WANDEII

Now that I have gone through
many years of my educational an-
xieties, and now that I have con-
quered the psychological techniques
that are prescribed for the teacher,
I can attempt to put my shoulder
to the wheel, and test my limita-
tions as a child psychologist.

Oliver Poffenpeffer is knOWn to
have an IQ of 165 in his stocking
feet. which is indeed nothing to
sneer at. Oliver learned to apply his
intelligence to fundamenth con-
cepts at an early age.

Oliver was a mere two year old
when he bet his kid brother. Leroy,
that he could hold his breath long-
er. Of course at that time Leroy
did not realize it but Oliver had a
foul plan in his young but great
mind. He figured that if Leroy held
his breath a bit too long on one
occasion, then he, Oliver. would be
left the sole survivor to the Pof-
fenpeffer estate. Oliver got the idea
from a television serial entitled.
Reparations for a Neurotic and
Cheated Older Child. To continue,
as unsuspecting Leroy was holding
his breath, Oliver started to beat
him over the head with his bottle.
It was at that time that the Pot-
fenpeffers realized that Oliver must
be handled with care.

A great rivalry resulted between
Oliver and Leroy. Because Oliver
thought that he was neglected. he
compensated by attempting to out
do little Leroy in his every endeav-
or. One of his favorite tricks was to
win Leroy’s girls away from him
with his suave and worldly man-
nerisms. Needless to say Leroy was
not too pleased because he felt that
Oliver was getting more than his
share. Oliver finally left home at
the age of three because he felt
that his parents definitely loved
liftle Leroy more than they loved
l in.

When Oliver was four years old
he found his first real love. He fell
for a luscious but naive bionde
named Flossie Turnstyle, who was
a photographer’s model by trade.
Being only eighteen, and naive, as
mentioned. she fell for Oliver, who
was already a man of the world.
Oliver. though outwardly self-suffi-
cient and strong, was in dire need
of someone who would not only sat-
isfy his sex desires, but who would
offer him the motherly love that
Leroy had cheated him out of.

Oliver had quite an eventful
childhood, and as a result he grew
old before his time. At the age of
twelve he thought he had far more
than the average citizen had done
for his community. He maintained
that in one local election he voted
not just once, but eleven times to
show his enthusiasm. He began to
think that he had worked long and
hard enough so he applied for an
old age pension under the consti-
tution of the American Federation
of Bookmakers, but it was agreed
that in his younger days . ls ideas
had been too radical.

Oliver is new writing his memoirs,
entitled, The Trials and Tribula-
tions of a Child Prodigy, in which
he depicts himself as the forgotten
man. In his memoirs he is attempt-
ing to startle the world into real-
ity. He says that old, wise men
should be given the chance to be
child prodigys for they can better
solve the philosophical questions
that come up.

I believe that Oliver Pofienpeffer
must definitely be reconciled with
the world about him. I believe that
all the Oliver Poffenpeffers in our
twentieth century society must be
shown that they are wanted Pof-
fenpeffcrs.

Confused.

 

7min' In

By DIAMANT and SZABO

“Apple of His Eye." an hilarious

comedy by Kenyon Nicholson and
Charles Robinson, is the current
production at the Colonial Play-
house. Olairc Kirby is starring in
this play. which will run until Feb-
ruary 25. Curtain time is 8:30 pm.
and 2:30 pm. for the matinee on
Saturday.
At the present time, the Albany
Artist Group is holding its annual
exhibit at the Institute of History
and Art.

Next Tuesday the Institute will
exhibit the pastels of Howard Cook.
a contemporary artist. who resides
in New Mexico.

A one woman show of monologues.
enacted by Susan Fletcher. will be
given at the Institute on Friday,
February 20.

“Musically Speaking." Radio
Council's weekly disc-jockey show,
will feature the ever-«popular music
of Stephen Foster this week. “Oh.
Susanna" and “Swanee River" are
two of Foster's most memorable

7/2 ‘70wn

 

tunes. Set your dial to WABY at
2:30 pm. Saturday.

Capital area theatres are showing
a variety of films this week.

An Alfred Hitchcock mystery,
“'I he Lady Vanishes." starring Paul
Lucas. Michael Redrrave. Margaret
Leckwood and Cecil Parker starts
today at the Delaware Theatre.

For those of you who missed it the
first time. Sir Walter Scott's lin-
mortal "Ivanhoe" has been brought
back anti is now showing at the
(hand Theatre.

Tonight and tomorrow “Monkey
Business." starring Cary Grant and
Ginger Rogers. and the technicolor
production. “Untamed Frontier."
with Joseph Cotton and Shelly
Winters are billed at the Madison.
Starting Sunday. Frankie Lane and
ililly Daniels star in the technicolor
lililthiil, “Rainbow ‘Round My
Shoulder," “Assignment Paris." with
Dunn Andrews and Marta Town, is
ihc sccond i'cnturc.

 

6W

 

To the Editor:

Your cditorinl of Feb. (i was in
very poor taste. We do not condone
the alleged actions of thoughtless
pcoplc. but we feel that "dirty lin-
en" should not be qundcrtxi in pub-
lic.
We Would like to clnphnslzc one
point. 'l‘hroughout the editorial in
qucstion you continually refer to
the alleged incident as "runmr."
With editorial uid. however. the inci-
dent will assume u snowballing cf-
‘oct.

If the Incident is rumor. then the
college will be clouded by u “tcst
scundnl" for no rcnson ut ull. And
in these days of witch-hunting nnd
smcurs. it will certainly be difficult
for someone to disussocintc himself
from "guilt by nssoclution" charge».

ii there are thrill to prove the
alleged incident. let them be rc-
ported to the proper utitlloriiios.
and have the muiicr hnndlcd in-
iolligcnlly.

We believe ihut you owc your
renders something more than n dis—
piuy of moral hurt. Duty to your
college and fellow students should
be paramount.

A professional newspaper will dig

 

up dirt. primarily to boost circula-

tion; vcry few do it to crusndc. A

college ncwspnpcr is assured of it

rather stable circulation. and so

should be i'rcc oi" "tnbloul taint,"
I'ctcr Dini‘cria and
Frank Agrcstu

It'lll’l'fllll'h’ NU’I'Ii‘: lilo]; u‘c nssurc
our r't'mlcl's Ilml Il‘l' ill'i' ncillu'r
[cor/ill [or our cirrululimt nor ul-
lcmplinu Io lu’ m'nsoliouul. Wc dug]
up u lllllc furl: it was lH‘UItf/li/ lo
us M/ Mr shol'cl-ful. Nou'lir'rc (llil
u'c cull lhc lt‘zltf’l‘ o/ dislumrwli/ in
llili‘lliﬂ lt'sls a rumor. Wc sold llml
llu’ lt'.\"l'lt'N'I' o/ lllt' .rt‘tliitltil (art's/-
ml in lhc rculm of rumor, Wc icon-
(111‘ how much Ilium who It‘ll Il’t’
tlalltll/t'fl nu-n- “mom! hurl" would
Iliiulr o/ u lmpc‘l' which. In Mr pct“—
[ol'mum't' it] its "duly lo Illir'i col.
lr'g/t' tllltl Ii'llflti‘ slullc'nls.” ll-llult‘t'tl
such It Iluillt'l‘ lo puss unoolnwl
und uncoumn'olml upon. llluu It‘t'
lurlhrr ussurc l/ml lucls tlllil i‘ll-
mm's ulilrc‘ llifl't' llt‘i'il I‘t'lt'l'l'f'il lo
tln- prom-r outhorilirs. And "um um
point will that "guilt by osmclw
lion" may also ho opcrollno In (In'
suppressimi n] such (wcio'rcnccs.

 

“THAT OLD BLACK MAGIC . . . ”

Friday the 13th . . . It's been a quiet week, but we’re
writing to West Point for advice . . . Free chest x-rays
will be given in the cafeteria Februaryi'1-19 . . .
They’re even stealing jokes now; Commuter’s Club
is having a hard time keeping them up on their bul-
ietin board . . . The bottom just fell out of the market
. . . The deadline for submitting articles for Primer
has been set for March 15 . . . Don't forget to send a
Valentine to your sweetheart tomorrow . . . oh happy
day . . . Hurrah! Hurrah! the lights are on all over
Brubacher . . . Notice the fancy designs drawn on

the fountain outside of the Coop . . . We think it‘s
time that Campus Commission got busy and straight-
ened out the mailboxes, and enforced the rules about
size and other specifications . . . Start saving your
pennies for State Fair. It promises to be bigger and
better than last year . . . The All-College Revue is
ready to roll now that the director and co-director
have been selected . . . Watch the Husted bulletin
board for casting notices . . . National Brotherhood
Week begins Monday—let’s try to keep that sentiment
throughout the year rather than just a week . . .

WHAT HAPPENED??

We were surprised to hear that the faculty is not
going to do anything for State Fair. Last year's show
was one of the biggest drawing cards that any State
Fair ever had, and because of this we found many
more people turning out for the festivities. The proﬁts
were tremendous and they went to a well-deserving
cause; but now. without this drawing card. we think
that the Foreign Student Fund will suffer. We know
that there must have been some good reason that kept
the faculty from having a show this year. for they
initiated the idea of raising money for the Foreign
Student Fund. and we want to say that their par-
ticipation will be missed.

"THE PLAY'S 'I‘IIE THING . . . “

Congratulations to Dramatics and Arts Council on
a tremendous job of publicity on the forthcoming pre-
sentation of Emlyn Williams. Without a doubt this
will be the best program that has ever hit State. and
the ticket sales to date back up that statement. If
these sales keep up the way they have been going.
you won't even be able to get near Page Hall the
night of the program. As for the program itself. enough
is said when we mention the name of Emlyn Williams.
for his fame and ability is undisputed throughout
the world. You had better hurry and get your ticket.
if _\ )u haven't already done so. for there are only a
fer. seats left.

OLD BUSINESS . . .

It seems as though the problem of our student gov-
ernment is still kicking around. We thought that
this passing fancy, having popped up every year. was
again about to go back into hibernation, but the ar—
ticle in the News last week and the announcement
that Myskania had set up a committee to look into
the problem seems to indicate otherwise. The idea to
make a few changes here and there is far more logical
than that of throwing our whole constitution into
the wastebasket.

 

goodness-3M4

By J. KOREA 85 R. HUGHES ____.

__——-"

The form of government which we have new is
good. but it could be better. It should be our job to
build on the foundation which is already there rather
than to tear it down and start anew. If the advocates
of u representative type of government would direct
a little of their energy toward helping our present
iorm to become better in future years. instead of
blowing off steam about numerous far-fetched pro-
posais. they might be more content with what they
have. Our type of student government is the best
thing possible for a college of our size, and if wc
started changing it. we would run into more problems
than \vc ever thought existed.

QUESTION OF THE WEEK . . .
Are you an L.M.O.???

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. l-‘l'lliRl'Alti’ iii

7:30 pm. Sigma Lambda Sigmu Rush
Party. McKown's (trove.

ti::l(ip.m.lolLiuiidnlght iictu Zcin Opcn House. 380
Stntc Sircct.

SA'l‘IlRDAY. l-‘ERRIIARY M

ii p.m.to lleidnight Kuppu llcin Rush Purty.

llusicd (.‘ni‘ctcriu.

Iirubnchcr ()pcn liousc. Iiru-

hnchcr llull.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY Ill

7:30 pm SMILES mccting, lh'ubuchcr
llnll.

MONDAY. FEBRUARY iii
.i:.li) Hill. I). ll) .Club meeting. lh'nlii‘i'
147.

ii pm. to 12 midnight

'l‘lIEHDAY. l<‘EliRllAlt\' 17

ill noon Music ti o u no ii lit-cording
Ilour. Rm. :50. Richardson.
X-I‘uyu. liustcd Cntcicriu
“EDNESDAI'. FEDRUARY Iii

ii Ii.IIl. to 4 DJ“. X—ruyn. liusted (illit‘li‘l'lll.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY It)

i) am. to -i pin. x-rays, Rusted Cafeteria.

I to -l p.m.

 

 

To Become Lob

The attic of Husted Hall is being
converted into a new research Lab-
oratory of Microwave Optics, for
the use of the chemistry and phy-
sics departments. It will be used
for research by the staff and grad-
uate students only.

The laboratory has been under
construction for the past year and
a graduate student. Helen Robinson.
conducted research on microwave
optics there last year. working un-
der handicaps due to incomplete
construction. Her results were pub-
lished by the Journal of Applied
Physics. A concrete floor is now be-
ing put in and new rooms for ex-
periments are being added, Dr.
Luther C. Andrews, Professor of
Physics, has stated.

The new laboratory will serve the
needs of Oscar Lanford. Dean of the
College. and Dr. William Splndel, As-
sistant Professor of Chemistry, in
their research work for which they
are under contract with the Atomic
Energy Commission.

It is hoped that the project will
be completed by this spring. Dr. An-
drews reports. This is just one of the
steps to win accreditation by the Am-
erican Chemical Society. State Col-
logo is not meeting the Society's
requirements primarily because of
the critical shortage of space, ac-
cording to Dr. Andrews.

Press Bureau Adds
New Staff Members

Three new members have been
added to Press Bureau staff. an-
nounces Mary Jane Dewey ’53, Di-
rector. They are June Huggins and
Gene Duffy. Juniors. and Benjamin
Freidman '55.

Second semester freshmen and all
transfer students are reminded that
their information forms are to be
filled out and returned to the Press
Bureau mailbox outside the co-op
or to Miss Dewey before Friday.
February 20.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 13. 1.53

Husled's Allic Service Requests Williams To Give Briel Lile
TeslAppliccn‘ions To 75 Ol Dicken's Characters

All eligible students who intend
to take the Selective Service 001-

quarters. Applications must be post-

March 9. 1953.

be Obtained at any Selective Service
local board or from Dr. Randolph

to the student's advantage.

The results of the examination
will be reported to the student’s
Selective Service local board of jur-
isdiction for use in considering his
deferment as a student. according
to Educational Testing Service.
which prepares and administers the
College Qualification Test. Students
who are planning to take the exam-
ination must follow all instructions
in the information bulletin.

Marshals To Take
Assembly Attendance

is his adaption

today according to Owen Smith,

G' d M h ll. C ' -
sibi'if] whoﬂl‘gmilnds :lrllgll‘isdgi‘lsgmtilizt  TO F r ome
Semester's Schedule

SMILES will hold a meeting Sun-
day evening, announces Doris Do-
hcrty ‘53. Chairman of the SMILES
Board. The meeting will
in one of the Activity Rooms in the
Student Union at 7:30 p. in.
purpose of the meeting is to plan
t the program of the organization for

this semester. Members are urged to

bring suggestions for improvement.
Campus Commission regulations Tryouts and Board members are re-
quested to attend by Miss Doherty.

they are required to be at assem-
bly if they are assigned a seat.

Anyone who has a legitimate ex—
cuse for not attending assembly will
be required to present it in writing
to Smith. via Student Mail. by Fri-
day. February 20. Excuses which
will be accepted include: work.
commuting, practice teaching. Dri-
ver Education and other classes.
Cafeteria workers will be exemp
from turning in written excuses.

appear on page four in this issue.

 

 

 

  
    
  
  
  
   
 

 

  

BEAUTIFUL.

voucei
JUST LIKE
A BIRD!

 
 
 

 

@225, Jim m7! 2e14, /

More People Smoke Camels

  
    

 . II

  
 
  
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

BET SHE
WINDS UP
WITH THE
METROPOLITAN!

.us all I I:‘l

 
 
   
  

When Emlyn Williams appears as
lege Qualification Test in 1953 ghgrles Diagram“? 12:5: 03ml”?
. e ruary a r a y
should file applications at once for successful London and Broadway
the April 23 administration. advises engagements, he Wm speak approx-
Selective Service National Head- imately 28,000 words and portray
some '75 different characters,
what may well be the most diver-
marked no later than midnight sified performance in this era. The
critic 101' the London Daily Express
commented: "How tame a conven-
An application and 9' buneun may tional three-act, with eight charac-
ters, will seem after this!"

, Mr. William will give two pro-
S. Gardner. Supervisor in the Milne grams of scenes from the famous

School. whose office is in Room 131, . _
Milne. Early filing will be greatly ggflgha:dﬂ::?igsn0;:323338 3c;
2:30 p.m.. will include scenes from
"Our Mutual Friend." “Dombey and
Son," "Pickwick Papers."
mas Stories” and “A Tale of Two
Cities.” The second. at 8:30 p. m.,

novel, ‘Bleak House."

Mr. Dickens himself was famous
for his reading. Like the author, Mr.
Williams will appear on stage with
a fantail beard, frock coat. white
gloves and the inevitable red ger-
anium. He will perform standing
behind a replica of
"reading" desk, specially construc-
ted so that the audience can see
the interpretive movements of the
hands and feet. It was in 1868 that
Dickens scored a spectacular
Assembly attendance Wm be taken umph at Steinway Hall, setting the

6. WHAT .9 sen.
INSURANCE
WITH A VOICE
LIKETHAT?
GHE’LL BE AN
OPERA STAR!

  

HOW CAN
THEY TELL
SO SOON .9
EVEN A FISH
CAN COME UP

FEW GOOD

THAN ANY OTHER
CIGARETTEI

Printed Through Permission of Hurock Productions, Inc.

 

city agog by reading and re-creat-
ing characters from his own novels.

Mr. Williams. who has loved
Dickens since childhood, spent a full
year preparing his first program.
As Dickens, Mr. Willams' London
run was extended three times. His
Broadway engagement last season
resulted in his current transconti-
nental tour, which will bring him
back to Broadway in April.

Payne Announces
Rules Revisions

The following are some new rules
released by the Social Calendar
Committee according to Madeleine
Payne '54. Chairman:

1. At the time of scheduling an
event, a card giving full informa-
ton about the event shall be filled
out and signed by the person mak-
ing the reservation. No time and no
place will be reserved until this card
has been approved by Miss Mansion,
under the regulations set down by
the Social Calendar Committee, and
checked with the calendar of events.
Unless a date which has been
scheduled tentatively is confirmed
promptly the date will be made
available to another organization.

2. Any changes in schedules.
scheouhng of new events. cancella-
tions of events or a change in time
and place must be cleared through
the Oﬁice of the Dean of Women
“'th the approval of the Calendar
Committee.

3. The names of chaperones for
events which require chaperonage
shall be reported to this office not
later than one week before the
event takes place. Chapcrones must
be members of the faculty and for
social affairs attended by both men

and Woll‘lcll guests a woman chap-

crone must be present.

 
 
 
 
    

   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

   
   

WITH A

cool

Only lime will tell about a
promising singer! And only
time will tell about a cigarette!
Take your time . ..

Test
0AM EIS
For 30 days

-Fbr MILDN ass
and FLAVOR!

THERE MUST BE A REASON WHY Camel
is America's most popular cigarette—
lcading all other brands by billions!
(Ionic-ls have the two things smokers
want most—rich. lull [lover and Cool,

Camels for 50 days and see how mild.
how flavorful. bow thoroughly enjoy-
able they are as your steady smoke!

 

M’

Debate council
To Coach Team

In Area Schools

Plan Assembly Clinics,
Demonstration Debate

state College debaters are coach-
ing various high school debate teams
in this area. and are putting no
demonstration debates before high
school assemblies, announces Mrs.
Elnora Carrino, Instructor in
Speech.

Today. James Thompson '54, and
David Austin ’56. are presenting an
assembly debate clinic for begin-
ning debaters. on the topic: Re-
solved: “That the Atlantic Pact Na-
tions should form into a Federal
Union."

This afternoon. four debators will
present a demonstration debate for
the newly organized Milne Debate
Club. Debating. will be: Richard
Shaper and JoAnne Doyle, Juniors.
Frances Lococo and Jane Cresswell,
freshmen. They will debate the pros
and cons of the Federal Fair Em-
ploying Practices Act.

Next Wednesday. Arthur Hagy
and Janet Leonard. Seniors, Richard
Shaper '54. and David Austin '56.
will present a debate on the topic of
a Federal Union for Atlantic Pact
Nations at Vincentian Institute's
Debate Club.

Three varsity debators have been
appointed to aid in coaching newly
organized high school debate teams
in this area. JoAnne Doyle ’54. is
assisting with the Albany High
School group; Robert Berkhofer '53.
is assisting with Milne’s new debat-
ing society, and Ronald Ferguson
'3 . is aiding the Vincentian staff
with their debate club.

On Monday, two State College de-
bators. Mrs. Dona Reed and Eve-
lyn Erdle, Grads, will participate in
a discussion on “How Can We Im-
prove the Ethics in Government?"
over the RPI radio station at 8
p. m.

 
  
   
   

 

  
  

 
 

mi/rlm-u...pnck after pack! Try

Ii. .1.
Iiuuulde
Winston-
Belem.

N. (l.

 

 

