  
  
   
  
  
   
     

   
  

    
 

    
   
    
  
 
 
  
  
  

. . hen itwelcomed Karl A. 3. Peter-

 

     
 

     
  

  

 v_ L, .I  , I *rﬂA‘l’lscéhhlﬂaﬂIW-tarmlmlt'can"MTu!

 

 

 

 

eterson J’B‘c'lritone";
Bnngs Fame To-StOle College

"negate opened its door to a verydral, also in Scotland, After his
mum 13°th mum)" “‘1' Y9” performance in the former, he was

son into the Music Department. Our u“! to m ‘ 3°1d'bound,m by
first hint at the reputation of this the Bishop. and was exceptionally
new gdd‘i’tion aﬁd: wiring? by M3 pleased and surprised to discover
gar . an n Aroun
Town column. In this article.itwas mt only two other m m
suggested that Mr. Peterson would 91““ it“ “me 1"” — Gm”
be a valuable asset to the mm._Dwight Eisenhower and Eleanor
section of the Albany Mendelssohn Roosevelt. '
013:}; I I I ed w P state is Mr. Peterson's first ex-
en nervew. . em m I_
w» my mum to an m m- atriarch: “"2: tr 2"
previous career in music. Before en- ' “n v e ‘ “‘
tel-mg the service, he an m um“... dent body to know that he ispleased
graduate work at Washburn Univer- with the attitude that prevlﬂl. M B

sity in the middle west.andobtained whole, and that he hopes to see '

:gfegtgggeioxggthﬁwggaahémwﬁ; many turnout for the choral groups
at Juliard Academy in New York he man” to “an!” new

City. After this he spent his time
both abroad and in the States study-

 

- ing music as well as working in ra-

dio‘. Incidentally, Mr. Peterson has '
been around the world five times N'clsop Announce,
entatlve Primer Plans

. . . mostly by freighter.
While in radio. Mr. Peterson work-
ed with N.B.Q, not only directing C. Rogers Nielsen '48, Editor of
choral singing, but also doing Primer, announced that the staff
transcriptions for soap-box operas tentatively plans to publish two is-
just to pl‘OVe his versatility. On sues this year, one each semester.
the side, he sang solos in Riverside This decision was reached in order
and Fifth Avenue spots. that a greater percentage of the
We 1;; the service, our new be. material submitted might be pub-
cllsme 1:. Full Commander in the reg- “Shea-
u ar avy, and also won the Com- .
mendation Ribbon for his work. Uppe’dm‘" 3"“ "93mm "9
Aside from his regular duties, Mr. urged to contribute the“ mam“
Penman directed a Naval Chou, at manuscripts in the field of the short
one time. a mixed services choir at “wry- poetry' and “88" The dead“
another, and also re-organized the "n8 for handing m material has
Bremen Opel.“ CompanyI been set at November 21.

The Naval Choir appeared in Primer's present bud et allow n
many churches and cathedrals for printing is $285. 1181 a “hazel:
throughout England and Scotland. motion presented last Friday in As-
under Mr. Peterson’s directio .Fore- sembly they requested an additional
most among their appearances were $325 in order to meet the increased
the ones at St. Giles Cathedral in cost of two issues. Printing will
Edinburgh and the Glascow Cathe- amount to $1.110.

 

N0? 1051' ORDINARY CREPE SOlES
IU'I’ NIOPRENI

Heavy

rd

At last! Springy crepe soles
that withstand hen; do not
become soil or sticky

bold tbn'r shape. Even grease
and oil won‘t hurt them! ..o
all this outstanding quality
at a fair price. Buy your pair “‘5

“a”. other styles
$9.45 to "2.50

"lo "and at o Mailer Ciomnlon ls Iohlod “it hosted Vluonelil

ﬂouqlm 5'

Minimum" Ilia! 60.. aaocxtoll ll. "All.
452 BROADWAY—-ALBANY
Men’s Shoes Exclusively
317 RIVER 8T., TROY
Men's and Women’s Shoes

ru‘
\\

\“\\-
y

\

 

  

"V _ , -. ,2, floors  of-Oouasil. .
Pea H 52- Me a m .   ... ...... «mi-cw win- .

‘ ' - ' . W , nag;  alter. '50. - “a John Stevenson and Myronninds- . .
v e ' °” "°* " r???“ "5 bury. freshmen, have received a re“
Election Results gfgwgggwgg gang-g; sectmd warning 1...... Myskenia. n. ' 
 I' I Hubbard, r51; Gonna”, Bn'ﬂd‘n" B “Oh-“0n 0’ E State  M-

In all election  Tue‘dﬂy “IO «3in   so. ma mule. “on. .I‘ I
men at St. Mary’s Housing Project Frail, '49; Councilor ,Building "a". ' .,
elected a permanent council and Peter Talario, 'to, and mm. M. If a third offense is committed, f 
ItrvIrIo  from gagdmadcg. dIiieoneiII '51; as? ,Alutznate Colfn- the penalty is a public apology be. 1 ;

eeec on' wascon un rcors arv earwa rand Aan ‘ ‘ ~ . '
thesupervision ofI Myskania. Of- Pike, freshmyen. , I to" student 

\.

  
   

  
    
     

       
      
 
   
  

   

 
    
  

 
 
 
        

 

- E
l
l
l
l
. l
l
l

     
  
 

  
   

 
  
     
 
  
  
   

     
  
 

  

   

n
W

A aways MILDER
I BETTER music
coown chroma

  

    

 
  

 

“0m 0907. tiele a that Ionian Co

 

      
  
   
   
   
    

  
   

  
  

e

e. g  allege
 22:22:...1 Club To Sponsor
Traditional "Soc-Hop” Tonight

Commission Studies Possibility Ciefd‘": (‘5'th _:
Of New York State University W'" He‘d Elm“ 

By DAVID 0031‘“ To Future Job Prouty

Editor’s note: In the October 23, High on the list of economic ll - - 1 ll
19/,7 edition of the New York Times, reasons for a state university was In v'r'etw’   .
Benjamin Fine, Education Editor, the statement cited at one of the Commuters. Club Wm sponsor
wrote an editorial about the com- sessions that many students who the“. traditional s°c_nopI tonight
mission hearings on whether New could not afford to meet the in- m Page Han gym “cm 8 PI MI um
York should have a. state univer- creased tuition rates were discon- m 12 m‘dmng Claire Creme“
sity. Because the NEWS feels that tinuing all formal education when “I President of Commuters. ClubI
(his controversial issue is of prime they completed their high school and Helen Gamma 19' as CO_
importance to the potential educa- course; The final result is that Chairmen are m charge 0‘ the
lore: here at State, a brief eoaiua— New York State suffers untold loss- (“1an
lion of the present situation is pre- es. Continuity of education, re-

Austin Monroe, ‘49, will act as

 

 

 a ,g.-.,., _I 
,fi,-',I".l_,..I   - _,
A “"373 liar-loss Eﬁgﬂ:
L L am.
wreatr' f

 

in ‘

       

 

VOL. I xxx" no. 7

 

 

   
    
   
  
  

   
   
 
    
   
 
 

    
   

   
  
 
  

  
   
  
 
   

     
        
          
          
    
     
          
  

 

    
       
    
   
       
    
 
    
   
    
   
     
 
   
 
     
     
      
     
        
         
 
     
    
 
       
 
  

 
 

 

       
              
      
    
      
       
  
     
    
      
     
          
      
  
     
          
      
       
      
  
    
   
 
  
    

  
 
   
   
  
   

     
       
    
  
  

  

  
 

  

 
 
  
    
  
   
  
 
 
 
    
 
   
   
 

 
 
   
     
    
  
 

    
  
      
   
    
     
  
 
  
  
 

   
    
 
  

 

    
  
  
    
   
     
  

1.444
Assembly Tod.y Miss Johnston Kept Word,-
Co-eds Relinqwsh Belongings
   Do you find yourself in class-
es without your assignments
- done? Are you forced to walk
 II If is home these rainy days without
any costs? If so, your 1tiroubllrl:
. may be that you don't be eve
Freshmen Will Vote signs.
F   In case you don’t know what
0' as: Ice” I'm talking about, I’ll give you
In assembly today a humorous a Clue. Remember tl‘t‘t’Iset we:
1
debate will be presented by Debate $21128 SIS-32:15  fggefockgmoom
come“ and there wm be ‘10th doorspfor the past month. Well,
for tIhe freshman Ielecgions" and for the purpose of these were to
the Durst: interest ng ace“ inform all State Gallegedcczheds
' ' e a e er
“:rhe greater part of the assembly lggkterurlllifrslbgrlseyarfdelocks with
wm be taken up With a. qgnbgggﬁgg? Miss Johnston in her office all
topic Gift will“)? 15mg: bsévmtage of of the locks and persogaiJ prgp-
‘ s 0 ‘ i m ve c-
ggﬁ: College women to wear long- agrggl‘ld be re 0 y
er skirts." Rita Shapiro, '48, lPres— But cheer upI kids; just be_
Idem" 0f Debate Councu’ wm act cause Miss Johnston is a a wo-
as chairman J03mm Josmf’ [49’ man of her word. doesn’t mean
the msr’ aﬂmnut‘we speakil’  that She lac“ a heart“ She SWWd- gardlesa of economic status, is a
be folIOWedI by hloise Wor i. I : hasn't shipped your belongings A “We over a year ago Governor necessityI many “messes observedI Master of Ceremomes of the soc-
or the negatwe' vThe sec9nd éﬁnmt- to the Russian Relief Fund . . . Dewey appointed a commission to I f t IIIe umveb Hop VurIetIeS of 194m wmch Wm
“we Speaker W1“ be Alum} ngo' She 011W tl‘m‘Sfm'Ed them to investigate the possibility of pro- If such “gandogha 5“ 1d ml feature Jeb Pl'outy and his RP!
'50; me second .negame Sp ea f r’ Paddy's office, and you can pick mating ,1 New York state Univer- sity were a opIiIIsI: (fir:  ﬂow orchestra in addition to callers for
Abraham Twp’ .50'. The neg“ vi them up there anytime. my, Now, alter one year of dellb- remain the pro em a) Mec n8 ke II round and square dancing The
Side wm lead on m the rebutta motion, the commission is ready to it Should be Operate - any SPOII :1 gym will be decorated to represent
With Stanley Abrams’ 148' George make its formal report. Although men “WOT the creation Of a s a}; the interior of a barn, and cider and
Chmty' )50' wm men Speak m re- Ph' K the findings of the commission wlll university authority, which ingesd doughnuts will be servedI A door
bumal for the afﬁrmative" appa I appa not demde pm or con whether New With summem powell co“ t, e- Prize will be awarled to the wearer
The Speakers Will be “aged on York shall have a state university, velop :1 strong educatonal sys eIm. of the most striking pm of we“
presentation, audience appreciation,  d its report ls expected to carry com Going a Step anther manIy WIE- In Charge of a supper to be
muﬁmtim' rebumﬂ' and humor' ameS e 825 sidcrable weight in Albany. nesses urged the commiss onI 0 served m the Lounge from 5:30 to
each counting 5 paints With the At the open hearings held by the sponsor legislation on the quest on 7:30 PI MI are Jane CondoI Maﬁa“
exception 0f humor wmm wm Th' y commission the majority of the of discrimination  . to opeIrIi the Oliver and Mary Alice RegaI Soph_
count ten'    speakers were in favor of a state colleges and univeisities to a . l‘e- omoresI This supper is for an
The judges Will be M1" Emu Pf;- f university, but many of these were gardless of race, creed 01 color. Commuters, Club membersI
m and Mrs‘ Rebcca Lu ens' _ Cums Nil“: '43- Secreml‘y 0 wary of the fact that such a pro- I
“Tumors m Engmh' and Ann May' Kappa Phi Kappa, has announced ject would necessitate a heavy fln- m Tm; sggfatrggo‘%%51ycgmpggssed82g The publicity committee for the
Barbara Dunk” and Wlmam Bald" the names of the students and fac- unclal outlay, Again, many con- ‘6. .u f u 6 st t of New SOC-HOD is headed by James Coles.
. . .. . r - 'e um ed to . - . h an immense um_ UlllverSi es 0 1 so .51; Tickets by June Peters and
Will. Senims. ulty mtmbels who wcl l g blamed that we York Who warned agamst bureaw II
The followlng People have been the Chi Chapter of the National verslty campus would not be sum I III d SII rVISIon of Ann GourleyI JunlomI Harold Tum
nominated for the “most interesmng Honorary Educational Fraternity on able for New York. céaItciIcIIggn 10 an be kelI .50I Wm bake chars? 0‘ dewm_
“wen; Gloria Gilbert, Helen Kisiel Wednesday mom October 15I Heading the opposition to the e I IIOIISI I Estelle SIegeII “Izgrefgﬁsn-
Maria“ Mie""‘5' Edm‘ Den and Faculty members include Dr. plan were the spokesmen for the mentsI IMMy BacherI I II 95?
Gloria Juifer, Seniors; Betsy Ralph Fisk, Principal of Milne medical association who claimed . I checkingI Marcia ﬁunam III I
Franks, Marion Furlong, Juniors, ngn School; Dr, Ralph Baker. In- that there is no shortage of my“    cleamupI Lee SalamII BI regent ImI
Phyllis wittpen’ solmomme' The Structo" 1“ Ponmcal scum“; r' clans, either in the state or nation and Mary A_ Raga, 50, en era“-
male nominees were feliménattzfiinSB; Josiah PMmleyEIIIProtegorlﬁitﬁﬁ; and that by mmIeasuIIJg m:  mentI I I
cause the artist Dre em 0 p nomics: Ml. me]. I I01, potenual doctors y es a 3 ng  B m-
womanvs face. head of Student Employment Bu- ,1 State medical schoolI the stand-   CII’Ilgée cgztdrfg; iglfhzgyeglgcgaen
“St Nominee“ ' 1 ream and Mr. Harper Beauy‘ In- “as or the madical proxessjon . ~ Califano Juniors‘ Florence A1-
Elections for the Class of 51 wil structor in Education. would be loweredI rather than  | t I I I I IIII M Ion
d The fresh" omor blight. Halold wn e, and at
also take place to ay' f Hows. Students who have been pledged mlsed, ZImmeIII sophomores Jacquenne
1118!) candidates are 35 ?1 E1. ul'e Will'l-en Walker. Henry IDy-us- The subject of discrhnlnation was Franc“ MunInI I48I PreSIdent of Mann, Joyce Platnen Demphlne
President. Jen-y Dun‘H. D6323“:  chei, Albert Millcn and William mmjected again and again I I CI S has announced versmI Joan Whitecmft and Helen
Bel-ham Jacobs, HillIVt‘lii I Goalie Mainland. Graduates; Frances Mul- throughout me sessions, Many the Son 01 a s. I I MI MoeIIerI freshmen
Be“ Samar“; VIC” P105} en  - 1 n 1111. P‘I'Cd ROW Glenn DBLong' speakers claimed that due to in— that Betty Jane Vaughn is Genera
Brenner. Batty Gum“, Rflloﬂlld Sﬂmuel Dicmeson‘ James Taylor' sumc‘ent "00‘" m the “Hang “1‘ Chairman of the Senior Banquet The chaperones for the dance
Finch. Diane Rabklli. all H Robert Dickinson and William Bald- Summons many Students were law- to be held tomorrow mgm at 6I30 are Mn Harper BeattYI Instructor
Tholvne, JOilll Trustmah. Cartol,’ will, Seniors; Gifford Wingate, Ja- mg- New York StateI and that the PI MI at Jack’s restaurant“ m EducamonI and WSI Benny:
wunmns’ Margie WOJW' seer-collie “0b Scmuei Cum)“ Thome' Rom” minority groups SUﬂel‘ed the mom m Doctor Vivian Hopkins, Instructor
Amen 01¢me 000k, Eleanm? es- Wilcox. 301‘“ Jelmmgsl R0bei'iSO‘1 it was also claimed that due to The main course of theImeai w t m English: and MrI Robert MasonI
Singer' Eleanor Guarmo' Lo.“ rel; Baker. Henry O'Meﬁl‘ﬂ. Emory OS- the "quota" system many highly be chicken a la king. This banque Instructor In Education and MrSI
com“ Audrey Rudnburg' 08101 30ft: borne. James BI’OIﬂW- John 131013th competent men and women were is in honor of the Seniors who will Mason
ertson. Joan Teal. Joan Willi/Cllfitt- Walter Schick. Manly“ Wayne. dcnled aduusslon to colleges and gmduaw this January Another TIIIS IS me second year that the
.l‘l'easurel‘, Alice Gel‘sh, Paue I8 Dale Wood. Robert Merritt, Thomas pl‘ol‘esslonul schools throughout the banquet will be held m the sprlng SOC-Hop has been held by the com-
Hal'ullg', Lois Holland. Doris Myeis. Llskcr, Alvin Foldman. Joseph Bi- country. However, it must be m- {or those graduatmg m June, Mr, IIIuIEIIsI CIIIbI
and Mame Thurmw' - VlimO- “11d JO-‘L‘Dll Frimceno- Jun' membcl‘cd that this increased de- Wllllam Meyer, of the German De-
Activities sheets will be distilquIt- IOIISI mand for admittance also gives to partmemI Wm be the principal
Pdlby {13min Stf’kgirthillingynsiggorii The initiation ceremony has been the coliegiteIs Us): Splifgliilflggly to se- ipegljel;]1:i$01$?ﬁl  e8; 
l‘tt‘l' la ollcl . ., I I I I I II “III Ie S q I er In] I R I
Jails extra~cul'riculnr activities. set fox Novelnbel J in the Lounge on o MIIIIInI June GeneVCSII susan HIIII e  
H dreth, Eloise Worth. Helen Kisiel.
"N l Pl ' J C 5 Queen "“d W“ D"“' For Open House
E, f O    Ill addition to Mrs. Vaughn, Ruth
  Scelbach and AlIiciz3 Williams areD :1: “Verne CooleyI .50I General
"I I V —thcn “"3 Amngcmen 0mm 89' Chairman, has released plans for
Mu-ilxl' “gills:wishing???wasn't 511mm“. Chairmm‘i Mary Glow!“ an open house which will be held
n I?“ cutasucm .Vet "' “I was only “One' Mn” Cooper' and Garmena at Van Derzee Hall tomorrow night
 wailbol't {1nd ' Alice Williams gems? a: llllngthurﬁgggsgilggegg? from 7I30 to 10 PI MI
'I"‘ I ‘ ' roll in -
preparing “'18:'LinofﬂhCEPlMggtsty'p l'lltlgons Committee with the help of According to Cooley, guests will
mo‘ucmng mm“ 0 me curmm“ Donald Herold, Janice Todi. Paula be escorted through the principal
'lIliIis will5 illlt dubbed the tl'um- TichyI and Mary QuhmI Selene rooms of the houseI Funmuri wéu
pun?! um '1  Qucm sully and Wolfe. is ill charge of tickets, with be left intact so that those at en -
DOW-H"logaxzt‘ilmh‘ Tins wnls the Wanda Tomasik as her assistant. lng will be able to see hfw the dint;
lul  of [thi- traditional coronll- Entertainment is headed by Miss lug room uInd loutrége sIIIagIlaagggn
01p0n 'Ei'emonli‘g Genovasl. with the help of Rita and students quai Ils w Ind End
lrglll‘lll‘ll'l the cum was followed by 81mph.“ and Em,l BumSI {ﬁninbgggﬁlgn $LI1t1%;$;%Is p001
the Storm .  'V‘vm‘ gllouetzhmg There will be ll table in the Colll- mom umque because of the many
me” . I i n h  . u ‘ 10w Wm“ tomorrow Wile“? “Wile Wm“ deer antlers adorning the walls and
throughout tIln- llllIICIlIltollil‘illl'wccl‘llher mg to go to the mime]. "my 51g“ 08”“ng Wm also be oprnId ﬁnk
ruler 0mm. (own 0 ‘ } UP freshments will be serve urng
- ' 5’ l'i'llt‘d up onto the I I I I -
 W113i:  crown was pinged  ﬁxilfééggIIgllgiug‘I/gwne “I cm, (11
on Julw‘s mud I V I mus She h SEB Requests Registration
lullc lli‘i‘ll June. the 26th of her MISS Margaret BetZI Instructor In
(nine. Q M"- Elmer Ml‘ihewsr head of me Chemistry. and Mr. Bernard Elli-
lll her How capacity, the Queen SWdeIIt EIIIploymem BuIIeIIuI has SOIII Instructor In BIOIOKYI wm MI
mwavd mm [hieSrwl‘lollhofgigosgf illllloullIced that lliIIOF€33mtgsfi$lillg us emperones for the {mm-I
~ "Isl nun lllu op ‘ .  I )IIceIIIenI II s
 léﬁroumm descended from her Sign! to graduate in January The following committees 132's
mmne' fonowm by her mum sum, should come to his office lmmedi- been named: refieshments. ll
Jommon' “w mum's attendants. atcly to make an appointment for Herold, '48, assisted by Lynn White,
mm the Pnges‘ an interview. whether or not they ’50, and John Lehr. 51; publicity,
And‘ so mam “mm” cumws will want jobs after graduation. Earle Jones, 60.
Day . . . and so began another reign.

   
     
  
   
     

    

