 
  
  

 

  '7-  ' ~‘ ' l I. . - E: aware-cosmos: NIWC.‘FRIBAY.‘0CT. at. 1.47 * a _ . h g V .  ‘V
     "    I. ' '  L - ,-: v  ' 2 ' “m Do We attain World Qmah- Soul: lnCllanecllor’s Hall
 ' I V, V‘ I i i I I I  r, - on Saturday November 16.at0.y
.    .;_.,,,,Cant‘est .FacullyM embers Stanley. _ f rams ’ m Comm” cm“ m m m m (BMW M the m
  _, ,  ' .. . u, .. ..   ,v v Z A i  b  . United Nations sad it: “taillight: arable Ems Arnold, tanner ggvemgr
 n I. P/ l I ‘ mono" 8 Iron esu-
Award.  Trips: Attend Meetings To tten e a c gmmmﬁe mm “mm ggcfmmggum is my”
‘ I  7   l V V ~° C'f' 0n Norember 16. Stanley Abrams anlultimtaite ﬁrtggwgﬁnmgtbgga way?” , .. ‘
x I 'v 7  H I. I V ‘ ‘~ I ‘ ' - " ‘ Forum of Politics aby ac ev _ no H
To yscan‘dInav'.    ' 'es :gdwthlerggllggle Council for the Nations. The Student Worlctss‘egr; beTiscllrggs figléltll‘lienggentirzl wkeuwiw
I P I I I " " V ' 1 1‘ NEWS!“ United Nations at a debate at Skid- eralists, in opposlt on, sugg st dents of state however m be
ch’diil'l Alliﬂiﬂll Ll" pni'uvlf‘flﬁ Xingu; in Social more‘College between the C.C.U.N. hornediatéhre‘yigitinltoofatginUfngxtetal “deems and Wm be mi at the
rloideie ‘ lists. Nat ons ar e ,
i ’ *' ' ' on November 33 and the Student World Fedora state come” (Jo-op.
c¢|¢b'“¢’ C‘M‘nnhl git, thea'rlvo'llllllageﬁgrson in St- W18 Thesubject for the debate will be federal world government.
Six free trip! to Segunavsizcgnd for the National Council of.
be Presented]: $261.3ng on the studies. The topicuw‘i‘liﬂbetm3 mm
 “The. Influence “1:3 {'1ng ed'l12?:gs;e’almm an:  1n
 I A com“ d a ne.’
ﬁgoiglﬂg: gate“ miﬁ'ggéﬁ’imt; St‘llh‘yl'l‘l: lll‘llr,Taylor will dis-
P“~P‘m“°"t,gf°§°‘§§°§&en m. com; cuss in part his visit last .‘Ilunetlgnts
C This com” 1 the Swedish pioneer 22 at Lake Success as E léca mit-
memonmlnbgm celebrated m 1943, Director of the Collegiate om
cerdt‘eirilnlq morgd by the Swedish- tee for the United Nations.
Arrhericalrl’line. New York City. Today atbgobﬁgfgkgeggieg;
.,_,'rliis is the first time that a cor;- “111g: “lamende the annual
339:.“ $21; ifsggfétﬂ“: {ﬁrts of conference of college language teach;
 ‘ their construc- 91's-
tsitgdlsnlf‘llightrlgnlmmzrnerican culture Mr. Cali? Bulgﬁeggrgi‘nastgg aantd
' " ' Mat ews . . -
"should come to light, according to Mr. the imam meeting of the
‘Earnest B. Bearneth, contest edi ﬁg‘gegork State smool Boards As-

tor. ‘ i S racuse on Sunday,
' ill consist of a free sociation n y
triFdrirti gifﬁdll’iavia in the summer; Mogday, agit'guﬁaé'yugé last 31?;
H r
of 1948 totaling approximately eigh eorg t m “an amele by
lass accommo- Grade Social S u es, _
dgghlsllswhthl Ell: 1nSill'Jedish-Amerlcan Millicent 1Haines, tgupgl‘lllgor gills;
ial Stud es n e e .
Line, including transportation to c n l d m the octaher is-
York and the win- will be pub sre “ -
‘ :12; {53:33:33 in United States or sue of the monthly Journal of Geo
Canada. Second prize will be a free graphy.
trip to Scandinavia twitlh tn; saéne
provisions as for its pr e x-
cept that the trip will last for ap- Student, Facuhy Group
proximately six weeks instead of
eight. Third prize consists of a $200 To Selc‘:t Book cover
trip to one of the Swedish Pioneer
Centennial Celebrations in the Mid- Beverly Free, '48, Editommcmef
me we“ m 1948: fourth prize is g of the Directory, has announced
3100' united States savmgs Bo“ ' that the contest for the designing
and'flfth and sixth prizes consists of of the Directory cover Wm be may
$50 and $25 Savings Bonds, respec- ed on November 3 in Room 208’
tively. Not more than one prize will Draper Ha“.
be awarded to one family: the wm' Judges of the entries will consist
ners of first and second prizes will of three faculty members: Dr. Map
travel as groups“ garet Hayes, Assistant Professor of
Rules for the contest will be post- Education, Dr_ Josiah Phinney' Pr°_
ad on the bulletin board m the PD‘ fessor of Economics, and Miss Mary
All students interested should in- Mom, Instructor in English; W0
vestigate'further at the NEWS of- Seniors_ Miss Free and anew}
lice“ . Wolf; one Junior. Marjorie Fusmer,
There will be three different con- one Sophomore. Earle Jones.
tests open to the following groups, n .
Which “in be judged “DEWEY; State Closed Arrmsticc Day
1. Gone“ undergraduaws' I g r. M. G. Nelson, Dean and Act-

.' l and Pre ratory School stu- D
 3. Adultgnregardless of occu- lng President, has announced that

id on
. This means that there will there will be no classes he

llgt‘t‘lll‘o free trips available to con- Armistice Day for State £81312?
testants on the college level. students. This will comet on em”-
Fourteen prominent educators day, but it does notdrate an“ have
have consented to serve as judges long weekend. Still on s cwsed ab-
for the contest, which will close to account for al ungx. 10 or 12
April 1, 1948. sences on either Novem el .

Dizetls Opera "Carmen" Attracts
Large State College Audience

v iced ro- tall. sang an acceptable Don Jose.
A warm and we“ bah? p u although his acting was perhaps
ducuon or Bizevs Opera. Garmen ' not as convincing as that of Miss
was Dl-gsented ybyruteisilgabSaxnxgtCtaril: Glade. He sag?) pumguéagﬁ; X3211]:
O era om an .. , n ..I o 3
till: Palace pTheater. While lacking  ﬁg‘g’g‘rtmg “cast were Carlo
in professional polish. altldunoticlle: Morem as Escammo the, wires,de
“my weak m the “15': M ’ed‘ebpe Mina Cravi. as Don Joses rejecte
mrm‘mcc was we“ “we” y n’ sweetheart Micaela. and the excel-
' ““p‘w‘iy “ud‘ence- C lent ballet trpupepiféi by Lydia Al'-
Coe Cludfh “5 the WWW “imam love and Luc an r eaux.
revealed an unusual strong, rich The chorus was extremely auve
nlessosopranol voice. Retro tllvas 83:0 “ndl[pl-acisebmggrg3?:tinogmpgggéc
one voice tlat consscn'y - use was y . -
quered the bad accoustlcs of the 5mm“ pan of the pawl-mama
Pﬂlttcc Theater. Amol18 Lg“: itselne?d(2:s 
' Ja el. ll tenor with pre— wcrc tic am or no . '
viggdglﬁl‘riengcc at the Motropoli- State College Students.

 

     

Where all the Students Meet
0
"Imp-am!

(M n! "m! i
Home Made ICE CREAM

 

BETTER TASTING
e (3001,1111 SMOKING

W swam/9‘ W1” M “W

COPyll‘hl m7. boom a Man Tum 0a

SODAS «— CANDY ~— SANDWICHES
Luncheon Served Daily

w

 

 

  
       

 

_....—--—-—-————---ouu neuronal

 

 

' - '3‘ ‘¢.a

 

 

 

  

 

 

‘. State College

ALB/lift”,

 

‘ - ‘ 'LlBRARY'ef-‘i=‘ _ ,
STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHER

‘ws

 
 
 

N. Y. ' ;. 
am no
- CAMPUS

CHEST

 

2.444

lG Counci

Election Results,

Sing, Scheduled

For Assembly

Father George Ford
To Address Students
On "Modern Trends”

This morning Intergroup Coun—
cil will present Father George B.
Ford, as assembly speaker. Assembly
will also include the announcement
of the results of the freshmen elec-
tions and the annual freshman
sing. ,

Father Ford will speak on mod-
cl'il trends and Illtcl‘group Rela—
tions. Following the announcement
by Myskania of the results of the
freshmen elections the Presi-
dent and representatives of '51 will
recicvc their keys.

Freshmen to Sing

During the annual freshmen sing
the class of '51 will sing the Alma
Motor and the State College Fight
Song. The newly elected officers
will lead their class around the
auditorium singing "Life Is Very
Difl'cronl.." and the song lender
will direct the class for the first
limo.

At the Student Council llleetillg
Wednesday night two new names
were added to the Conllllon‘s Conl-
nlittcc to replace J. Michael Hip-
pick '48. and Gcraidillc Coopernlan
‘50. These names are Eugene Mc-
Lﬂi‘c'll ‘48 and Agllcs McIntyre '49.
Appoint Voting Committee

A new committee. concerning vo—
ting, has been appointed to replacc
last year's committee which had
disbanded. Tho new committee con-
sists of: Eloise Worth, and Gcr—
hnrdt Weinberg. Seniors; Jenn Pul—
vor, JililiCi Brophy. and Robert
Earl. Juniors; and Anthony Pro-
(-ilii 

Tilc rivalry scoro is now 10-3 ill
invor of Lilo class of '50.

 

Schedule Debate
Monday Night

itilu Shapiro ‘48, Prcsidcllt of De-
bulc Council has announced that
liloro will bo ii doblltc with Middlo-
bury Collogo for Women Oil Mon-
llily ill 7:30 PM. ill lilc Louilgc. Tho
topic is: "Rosolvcd that there
should bo socialization of illodicillc.”

Two women from Middlcbllry will
lilkl‘ Lilo lllfirlnlllivc side while Bel.-
loo J. Jollos. ‘48, and Mary Odilk.
‘49 from Slllio will uphold the no-
gillivo sirlo. Tho tinlo will bo loll
minutes for each speaker iil coll-
struction and five minutes for cllcil
lolllll ill rcbuitic. .

Miss Shapiro has also unlloullcod
lllili. Dobillo Council will givc
l'll(ll0 television broadcast \vilil
Union Coiiogo on Docclllbor 9. ill
8:00 P. M. on tho sumo topic.

On Docclnbor 15 lilo nlolnbors of
Dobillc Coullcii will prcsclll ll do—
billc ill l‘rosilnlcn orionlulioll on
lilo topic Wily llll honor syslolll ill
Stillo Coilcgo'l‘

Mr. Dulloiul illi(l Mls. Cook of
lilo English i.)opllrl.lllol.l. uro tho
faculty illivisol's for [)obillo Coun—
oil.

.—

Freshmen To Receive Warning

Kollnolll illlrilum, l-iclcll (lonosci.
and Edward Klirillndor, l‘rosllnlon.
llllvo rocoivod socolld warnings
from Myskullin. for violations of ii
Slillo Collogo lrudiiion.

11‘ ll third oll’onso is oolllnlllicd,
lilo penalty is llll apology ilol‘oro
Silldolll Association.

 

era-r: comma: news. FRIDAY. nov. 7, 1947

VOL. XXXII NO.”

I To Sponsor Intercollegiate Conference; 

Dr. J. L. Moreno Will Present Sociodrama Process

 

PW 4M 7W 6W

FRIDAY——
9:30 A.M.—-chistratlon.
10:00 A.M.——Orientation Program.
Address of Welcome.

Joy Simon, Conference
Purposes and Needs of
the Conference.

John Jennings, Albany IGC.

11:00 A.M.—Address: Page Hall.

Father George B. Ford,
Corpus Christi Rectory,
N. Y. City.

12:30 I’.M.——Luncheoll.

Dr. Robert Fisk, Principal.
Milne School. “Fight
Against Tolerance —
Strive for Acceptance."

2:001’.M.—Power and Usage of
Films.

Geraldine Coopel'lllan.

Races of Mankind—Alli-
matcd cartoon.

A Better Tomorrow ~
Teaching Methods.

Discussion.

3:30 I'.M.—“Ways of

People."

Dr. Lloyd Alien Cook, Di-
rcctor. Milne College Ex—
periment ill Intel'group
Education.

Introduced by Dr. Margaret
Hayes. Faculty Commit-

tee.

7:00 l’.M.—Problcms of Organ-
ization. Eugenia Bard-
nowski: Gerhard Wcin-
berg.

Discussion.

Conclusions.

Working

SATURDAY—
9:30 A.M.—Meeting of Delegates.

Explanation of »Workshop
Procedure.

Robert Hardt. Teresa Ma-
honey, Alice Williams.

10:00 A.M.-—Worksllop of Tactics,
Strategies and Methods.

Poster and Leaflet Analysis.

Use of the Seminar.

Workable Intergroup Tests.

Illtergroup Education: Our-
riculum.

Drains. Radio Scripts.

12:30 I'.M.——Lunclleon.

Dr. Watt Stewart, Faculty
Committee, “Responsibil-
ity of tho, Educator."

1:30 'i’.M.—-W o r k s h op Sum—
marics.
Student Delegates.
I’.M.——~R0uil(l Table Dis—
cussion: “The Role of
Legislation ill Discrimin—
ation——Does It Work,“
Gal‘dil W. Bowman. Chair—
lllnll Co-ordinator of
Community Councils —
State Commission Against.
Discrimination.
4:00 l‘.M.—Conc1uding
mellts.
6:45 P.M.——vDillllel‘.
8:30 I’.M.—Sociodl'llllla.
Dr. J. L. Morcilo. Dircclor
Psycllodl'amiltic Institute.
New York City.
Introducch by Dr. Elaine

Forsythc. Assistant. Pro—

fessor of Geography.

N
3

Si ii to—

 

Dun-nilected
Frosh President

Choose Richard Thorne

Vice-President ol Class

By a landslide majority, Gerald
Dunn was elected President of the
frosllmilll class on the second dis—
tribution. His closest opponent,
Dollllld Ely. trailed by 67 votes.
Richard Thorne became Vice-Pres-
idcllt of lilc class on the sixth dis-
tribuiion, '

The vote for secretary was much
closer, the two top candidates be-
ing iiod on lilo eighth distribution
with Jilllc Cook pushing ahead to
win the election ill lilo ninth.

The election for Trollsuror was
finally dctcrmincd by one vote.
Mario, ’I‘huriow was ahead of her
lloilrosl opponent, Alicc Gcrsll. i'or
lllroo distributions but Miss Gersll
won lilo olcclioll on lilo fourlil dis-
tribution by one volc.

Solcct Cheerleader

Eioclioll for Clloorloildor wrnl
out lo oighl. dislribul ions but Rulil
Owon was ahead nil lilo way. Silo
rocoivod lilo qlloul on lilo cigillil
dislribulioll. iicr cioscst oppollonl,
Mary Elldo. boing boililld by twolliy—
llillo volos.

iilll'voy Cioill'wuior won lilo cloc-
lion for pllbiicily diroclor with oilso
on lilo lilird dislribulion. und Phyl-
lis l’llll(‘li bocllnlo Songlolldol‘ willl
ll wido lnujorily.

Nollllor lilo WAA Roi)rosonllllivo
or Millnlgor won with 11 llllljorily.
Pnlricill Jill was. oioclod l'oprosolliil—
livo on lilo fourlil disll'ibulioll llnd
Androy Woiior was llllldo lllnnllgor
on lilo sixlil distribution.

Nunlo Fulll‘ to Student (‘oulloil

Sludonl Council woni olll lo oigil-
looll dislribuliolls. Pillrick Dooloy
was oioclod on lilo lonlil dlslribu—
lion, lluicil Schultz on tho thir—
loolllil. liolly Cusllillg oll lilo four-
loonlh and Edward Moriarty on
lilo nilloloonlll.

A ilsl of lilo nunlorioul lullllilllions
will bo found on pugo four of the
NEWS.

Students Petition
BolloiL Recount

For Who’s Who

At Student Coullcii Mccting ch-
llcsday night, a petition was pro
scntcd to the Presidcnt of Studonl
Council asking for a recount of tho
ballots ill the recent Who's Who
cicction. It is rumored that, Mys—
kania will assist the members of
Press Bureau ill recounting tho
ballots.

Tilc oiccl.ion was conducted and
lllbullllcd bp Fross Bureau which
is supported through Sludcnt Asso-
ciation. According lo the Consti—
tution of tho Sliltc Collogc Student
Association, By-Lilws, Section 4.
upon petition of :25 members of tho
Association. any action 01' ruling of
any organization supported lllrougil
lilo budch shall bo roconsidorod by
that organization. and subsoquontiy,
ii' dosirod by lilo potiliollcrs. an up-
polll shall be nllldo lo Mysknnill.”

l’olition Student (‘ouncil

Tho pciiiion as pl'osclllod lo lilo
President of Sludonl Council roads
as follows: “Wo lilo undorsignod
llorcby wish lo polilion Sludollt
Council for u rocolllll oi' lilo oioc-
l.ion rosulls for “Who's Wllo Allllillli
Sludollts ill Amcriclul Univorsilios
illl(l Coliogcs".

Wllillil Dloili. Allll Mily, Eugollo
McLllron. Miii'lllll Micros, Holly
Jilllo Vaughn. liiirbnril J. Schoon—
lllllkor. Gioriil Jili‘i'or, Dorothy Dif—
i'in, Stilllloy Abrams, Marjory E.
Clark. Arlionc Ribcr, llilil Holon
Kisioi, Sonlors; Robol'lsoll Bllkcr.
Dollllid Lullsky. Evorson Kinn. .lollll
Plil\'(‘l‘, Junlos Bropily. Nollln Pow-
oil. Elsio lllliiii(lilll. Austin Monroo,
Pour] i’loss. ilnd Kiltilorino ‘urnlll.
Juniors; Roso Mary Wilisoy. All-
lllony Procliilo. and Richard Foil—
llll‘l'h‘, Sopilonlol'os,

Rumor llllilol llosiruclion
Tiloro llllvo booll rumors circli-
iulillg lllllt lilo illliiols i'oi‘ lilis oloo-
lion illlvo boon (ioslroyod. blll lilo
Pross Burollu Colisliluiion sullcsi
(Continuation Paul- (E, Column 3!

DR. .l. L. MORENO
Conference Speaker

Quin—HZ?
Campus Drive

Donald Lansky, '49. Chairman of
the State College Campus Chest
Drive. has announced that the 1947-
48 campaign will begin this Monday
and will continue through Novem—
ber 22.

Tile money collected is used to
help support thirty-five different
agencies. First among these is the
World Student Service Fund. This
is rl fund supported by colleges and
lilo families of college students
only which provides food, clothcs.
books, fuel and other needed lila-
l.oriills for students ill Europe. Asia,
South America. and all over the
world where llcod exists ill edu-
cation.

In addition. support is also giv-
oll to tho. Albany Community Chest.
which servos thirty local agencies;
Lilo Cancer Research Fund, the
Mili‘Cll of Dimes; the Red Cross;
lllld lilo Tuberculosis Association.
As lilsl. your, the quota is $1.00 per
porson.

Tilc Campus Cilosl. Comlnitloc ur-
gos that students make additions
or substitutions to the above causes
if “my fool so inclined. Tilcy may
do so by oonlncting the Chairman
through Sludolll Milli or leaving
ll nolo ill lilo Donn of Women‘s
ol'fico.

Canvassing of various groups and
individuals will bogin Monday. All
Rosidollco Halls will be contact-ed
during lilo campaign. and lilc houso
which first roilchos 100": partici—
plllioil will roccivo u prizc. Commu-
lors. including lill Lhoso who iivc
ill privillo homes ill Albany. will bc
oilllvllssod by ll squad of conulllltcr
workors who will make personal
contacts. Ill il(l(llll011. organizations
on campus will bo rolloilod for group
colllribuliolls.

Monday noon ill lilo Commons.
i'roo olllorlllillnlonl will formally
lllill‘k lilo bogilllling (ll lilo '47-'48
Campus Cliosl Dl'ivo. During lilo
wook. u Cliincso Auclion will bo
llold, illl(l plans llro ill lilo making
for many olllor ovollls and affairs.

Mr. Lullswky said. "Wo i'ool illnl
illl inlornlllionlliisiic spiril would bo
ilil ussol for Silllo Collogo lilld lilill
lilo World Siudolll Sol'viL'o Fund is
ono of grolll. inlporlllllco.”

'I‘ilo Clllllpus Cllosl Conlnlilloo
consists of Colollu Filzmorris and
Mill‘g‘ilrol Solllllilll. Juniors, and
Ruth Smilil, '50, Canvassing; Hoinz
Ellgol and Josopil Cnrosolln. Sopho-
lnoros. Publicity: Killilorino Grunt
illld Mario Clriooo. Elllol'lllillnlolll;

 

Simon To Greet
College Delegates

In Page Today
"Working With People”

To Be Dominant Theme

At 9:30 A. M. today, the Second
Intercollegiate Conference on In-
tei'group Relations will begin. The
two-day program is sponsored by
the Intergroup Council of this col-
lege and will feature the presenta-
tion of the sociodrama process by
Dr. Jacob L. Moreno. Director of
the Psychodramatic Institute of
New York City, tomOrrow evening
at 8:30 in Page Hail.

The appearance of Dr. Moreno
will be the culmination point or
tile two-clay program. Dr. Elaine
Forsythe, ASSlstant Professor of
the meeting and states that the
process is not difficult to learn and
Will prove valuable in the class-
room. No admission charge will be
made for the program.

Assembly Program

Father George B. Ford of the
Corpus Christi Rectory ill New
York City will speak in Assembly
this morning as part of the pro-
gram of the conference. He will be
introduced by Dr. prert Fisk,
Principal of Milne School.

Intergroup Council will play host
to delegates from 14 colleges: One-
onta, New Paitz, Oswego, IPiatts-
burgh. Cortland. Saint Rose, Fre-
donia, Connecticutt. Massachusetts,
Rilode Island, Vermont, Michigan,
Skidmore and Albany. Along with
the delegates will come student
and faculty observers from sever-
al of the colleges.

The conference is open to all
State College students; it is hoped
that many will attend those ses-
sions ill which they are interested,
states Joy Simon, ‘48. Conference
Chairman. Most of tile lneetillgs
will be held ill the Lounge.
Workablc Agenda

In planning the conference. the
members were careful not to make
the program a theoretical one. ac-
cording to Miss Simon. It is a
workable agenda; one ill which the
delegate Cilll accomplish something.
Tile theme will be "Ways of Work-
illg With Pcopie"——an attempt to
push lethargic belief into action.
It will show the future teacher
what. he can actually do (using
col-loin tactics, strategies and meth-
odsl to help unite the working
forces of mankind.

Pearl Pless Announces
Revised Poster Rules

POlIl‘l Pless. '49. Chairman of tile
Postcr Committee of Campus Com-
mission. has announced a new set
of poster regulations because of
lilo difi‘icully ill carrying out the
forlllor ruios. The revised regula-
tions mo:

1. No grcy paper is to be used.
Grooll and biuc paper may be us-
od only if lilo printing on it is
dollo ill while or black illk.

2. l’oslors for advertising should
bo i'uil slxo. Those for the all-
noullcomonls of mootings should be
ono—illlif size.

3. All poslors must be approved
bol‘oro liloy are pill up.

i. Postors must be of
lovoi lllld llllruclivc.

 Crayons only not be used on
poslol's.

ll. ‘i‘llo organizullon to which each
particular postcr belongs is re-

college

sponsiblc for taking down its post-

llnd liill'bliril l'liilll'lii Family (7011- or as soon as tho ovcnl lldvortised by

iilcls.

ii is over.

  

 

 
 

  

     
  

