 

PAOI 4

STATE COLLIOI NIWI FRIDAY. SEPT. 19. 1947

"Koreans Appreciate Attempts IGC Announces
At Education,” Says Dr. Morris Conference Plans

This year the freshmen again saw
the smiling face of Dr. Elizabeth
Morris. head of the Education De-
partment, who has returned to State
College after a year’s sabbatical
leave. This year was well spent by
Dr. Morris in making a tour of
duty to Japan and Korea, under
the Civil Affairs division of the
War Department.

Dr. Morris, in making a tour of
Japan and Korea, worked with the
officers of General MacArthur's
staff, and with the leading educa-
tors, discussing the problems con-
nected with the program of re-
educating the Japanese and Ko-
reans. More speciﬁcally, it was Dr.
Morris‘ job to discuss the practical
problems of teaching education in
the Far East. As a result of the
recommendations made in 1946 by
Dr. Stoddard’s commission, who had
gathered information on the condi-
tion of the schools there, with the

 

Student (Council
Will Consider

Insurance Plan

To Organize Project
At Third Assembly

Discussion of the proposed new
insurance plan for State College
students will come up at the first
meeting of Student Council, this

 

help of reports made by the mem-
bers of the Armed Forces, twenty
educators were sent to Japan at
General MacArthur’s request.

Dr. Morris encountered many un-
usual problems in Japan; co-edu—
cation, changing and improving the
curriculum, and fitting the curri-
culum to the soci eytiits sr .veote
culum to the society it is to serve.
She stressed especially, the neces—
sity of making schools for the Jap-
anese, not just imitations of the
American school system.

The Japanese displayed a very
cooperative attitude in working with
the committee, according to Dr.
Morris. “In Korea, we found a fine
appreciation as soon as they felt
sure of us," she stated. “We found
it very interesting to see many ori-
ental similarities betWeen the Jap-
anese and Koreans, but also, very-
marked national similarities."

According to Dr. Morris, the Jap-
anese are under the Occupation
Forces of the American Military
Government, while the Koreans are
similar to a protectorate, now. The
Koreans, who have been under Jap-
anese dominion, are eager to be
free, but still need “oversight and
protection." Describing them as a
proud people. in many respects,
similar to the Americans, Dr. Mor—
ris effectively clariﬁed the differ—
ences between the Japanese and
the Koreans.

When asked if she was glad to be
back at State College, Dr. Morris
replied, “It's very nice to see all my
friends, here. It’s nice to have clean
buildings, books, and tools to work
with. .. .. pupils that are warm, suf—

 

  

Wednesday at 7:30 PM. in the ﬁciently clothed and well fed. No
Lounge. The plan will be brought students are more eager for edu-
before the student body, during the cation in America than they are in
third assembly, Octobr 3. Japan and Korea. however. The
This plan, originally submitted to SQCI'iﬂCCS they make 1'01‘ an educa-
the students during the summer 31011 are Ll‘t‘mC‘HCIOUS.”
months by mail, was brought to the
attention of the investigating com-
mittee appointed by Student Coun-
cil last spring, after Moving-Up
Day. According to Richard Smith,
Grad, this prevented any ac-
tion by the student body before the
summer vacation. Mr. Smith and
Donald Lansky, ’49, were appoint-
ed originally. to investigate insur-
ance policies that would provide

State Graduates
Star In Boston

"Or do you really want to teach"
. . . State does offer other out-lets,
more adequate coverage, than the you know, 11' m do..ti just con-
Present Infirmary fund. sult Miss Futtcrer, Assistant Pro-

Ml'. Smith stated that in their fessor of English, and she will glad-
investigation, no policy seemed to 1y tell you about her "proof" from
suit the needs of the students, until the Class 01" '47.
this United States Life Insurance It seems that State College pm“
P01193311“ released’was brought to sented “The Man Who Came To
the” attention by MP‘ James wu' Dinner” last spring, featuring Har—
son' old Gould as the leading man and

The DOUCY in question. If accept‘ Lois Filimun in the supporting cast.
Cd by Ninety 1301' CON? 0f the Stlldeht As a result of fill cxccllcnt perform-
bOdl’. W0111d COVOI' “D m $500 or once, these two Scnlorswcrc award-
hOSPltal and GOCLOY‘ fees for the cd scholarships to play in summer
hOldeh The COSt 0" the 13011” 13 stock at the Plymouth chtivnl, Ply-
320 1361‘ 3'02”: 3“ maﬁa-‘0 Of $17 mouth, Massachusetts. The school
0"” the CO“ or the h‘m'mar-V fhhd~ was divided into two sections, both
However! the Coverage Ohh‘hwd convening 211 ii different time, so
through the Infirmary fund extends mm [11,. maximum. “do” (“(1 not
only to $15- _ , , meet again while in stock.

The committee now in charge oi
the plan for a new insurance policy,
includes Richard Smith, Grad.
chairman; Donald Lansky and
Robertson Baker. Juniors. and An-
thony Prochillo and Richard Feath-
ers, Sophomores.

Howuvcr. as luck had ll, tho first
play pl‘csclltf'd at both sessions was
none other than "’I‘hc Mun Who
Came To Dunn-r." Sincl- our homes
were regular veil-runs hi. this pro-
duction they both guru superb pcr-
l'orniiuiccs, tluu \\‘I‘I'I' wall rcincm—
bored by llio right |)f.'()|)li‘.

At this point, luck stcppcd in

Fed Announces Tlmes again. One of these "right people"
- returned to Boston, whom he stzu'l-

For yearbOOk PlCtures f‘il work on our now famous “Mun
Who CiilllL' ’l‘o Dinner." llowcvur.

he was unsatisfied Willi two of his
pcrl'ornici's, so he sent for Ibis Ii‘lll-

 

Adrlcnnc lorio, '48, Photography
Editor of tlic Pcdiigoguo. has an-
iounccd that those (all'iblc for iic- ,
cm,” in my PM [80”th "mm'mrg mini and Harold (rillllfl lo I‘f'llllu't'
oi" Sigiium Luudis, Myskanlu, Kappa  K‘Ijll‘li‘j‘ll‘iil'i’lT‘h'l‘Jf’HI "l {"1"
Phi Kappa, Pl Omega Pi. Pi Gamma ‘ ‘ ' " h ‘” "1’ H u “‘ “ 5””“15'
Mu l'i‘uii-i'nilics und sororities: on, (3d lo si-o i-uch other In llostou, and
to sign for appointments on tho (“‘“m'w‘l‘” ‘1’“""““"‘“‘“"“-
shch provided on flu. bulletin bourd Although Miss Fulton-r hm. lu-urd
in tho lllWI'l' hull of Draper opposite nollilng li'oin Ilill'fllfl (lould. slu- is
“WW/01.1mm lockcri'imni. surr- find both of" lu-r cx—sliuh-nls

'l‘lic limos iu'o us i'olloWs: Moudny' turiml in :1 good Ili‘l'lill‘illllllf‘l‘ omn-
’I‘ucsdiiy, 'l‘liiu'sdny, Friday of next “WIT. and :.lu- is proud [o unnouncc
week and the wreck of September ihul Miss l"llllllllll hm; no“. “in...
20, 9:00 AM. to 12 noon, l:00~:l:00 L0 hinl in lloslon wim.-.- 51....1. [ms
P.M.. 4:00—5:30 P.M., (3:30—8:00 PM. l’i‘nl'

at the linguc Studios, 811 Madison
Avenue between Quuil and Ontario Student Guide Ollice Open
Streets. 'l‘hosc are tho only lhncs V

when plctiu'cs will be liikcn and Cutlu'rln (hunt. '49, hus m]-
then: will be If 25c fine for lateness nounccd Iliui th Student Guide of-
or failure to appear according to m.,, W” m, “m,” ,1“ during this week
Miss loi'io.

Women are to wear white V-
neckcd blouses and men are to ap—
pear clcun-shavon iii whitc shirts,
necktlcs, and suit coats.

Any freshmen who nod help are
urged to conic in, where representa-
lives will be on hand.

in tho Dunn of Women’s outcr office.

(Continued from Page-1, Column 21

and "Races of Mankind” will be
shown and Gerhard Weinberg, ‘48,
will be in charge of a program on
problems of organization.

Father George B. Ford of the Cor-
pus Christi Church, New York, will

hands on."

STAR I’ITCIIER
OF THE CINCINNATI REDS

 

II
Coming right at you...
CHESTERFIELD ‘
the best cigarette
you ever got your

be speaker in assembly on Friday,
November 7. Among other speak-
ers who will be featured through-
out the conference are Dr. Lloyd
All-en Cook who will speak on “Ways
of Working with People" and Dr.
Robert S. Fisk of Milne who will
speak on the responsibility of the
educator.

The interim Committee consists
of Gerhard Weinberg, ‘48, Robert
Hardt, Jeanette Skavina, Gifford
Wiiigate, Leonard Koblenz and Bet-
sy Franks, Juniors.

 

  
 
  

Add Members To Committee

Alice Prindle, President of Stu-
dent Association, has announced

that Jean Pulver and Robert Hardt,
Juniors, have been appointed to re-
place ElIZabeth Margo and William
Marsland, Class of ’47, on the com-
mittee that was formed last year
to investigate the voting system of
State College.

Copyiiglu I947, boom a Mvm Tom C.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

tate CollegeNews

 
 
 
  
  

 

ammuni-
IORMS AT'I ,'

TONIGHT

 

2.444

Religious Clubs
Plan Weekend

For Class of '51
SCA, Hillel To Stage

"Fresh Frolic",- Newman

Schedules Tea, Smoker

Student Christian Asso. and Hil-
lel will sponsor a Frosh Frolic in
the auditorium Saturday at 8 P. M.,
according to Joyce Simon and
Catherine Grant, Juniors, co-chair-
men. Newman Club's President,
Eleanor Holbig, '48, has announced
that the organization will have a
tea for freshmen Sunday from 3-
5:30 P. M. in Newman Hall and a
smoker for the men from 7-10100
P. M. also at Newman Hall.

Gerald Dunn, '51, acting as mas-
ter of ceremonies, will introduce
Irina Rosen, ’48, President of Hillel,
and Marion Mieras, ’48, President of
SCA, who will give short welcome
The freshmen
their share in the auditorium by
staging a display of their talents:
Jacqueline Mann will play selec-
tions on her guitar; Nicky Fox is
scheduled to do a melodrama; Dick
Thorne will play the piano; Herby
Skidinore and her harmony group
are also on the program; Lois Hol-
land and Joan Whitcraft will do
vocal solos; and Lois Prescott will
entertain with a dance.

To Serve Refreshments

Following this there will be a
snake dance which will start in the
auditorium and be led outside to
the gym where hocky-pocky, other
games, dancing, and refreshments
will be featured.

Newman Club will hold its that
meeting Thursday, October 9, at
Newman Hall. Father Collins will
be guest speaker. Newman officers
for the year '47-’48 are: President,
Miss Holbig, Vice-President, John
Brophy, ’49, Treasurer, Mary Ca1-
andra, ’50, Secretary, Alice Reilly,
'50. Dr. Mary G. Goggln, Instructor
in Latin, will be adviser and Father
E. C. Smith will assume the duties
of chaplain.

Announce Committees

Committees for the Frosh Frolic
are: entertainment, Lila Lee, ’50:
games, Ruth Seclbuch and Alice
Williams, Seniors; refreshments,
Charlotte Goldstelii, ‘48, and Jean
Bowen, ’50: decorations. Marjorie
Fusmer, '49, and Lorlce Shain, '50;
chapcroncs, Jean Munro, '49.

speeches. will do

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. SEPT. 26. 1947

Professors Turn

In Westbrook/{Happy Deothdoy"

By SHIRLEY WILTSE

The phone rang in the Westbrook
residence Wednesday night; the

NEWS reporter at the other end of 1

the wire wanted a last minute in-
terview with Perry Dickie West-
brook, Instructor in English, for
whom Phoenix Press in New York
City recently published the thrill-
ing mystery- detective, “Happy
Deathday.“

Asked when he started the book,
Mr. Westbrook paused and said,
“Wait a minute, I'll ask my wife.”
He started the book, it developed,
three years ago and finished it six
months later. Teaching in summer
school in Maine at the time, it is
easy to understand the origin of

State to Attend
Drama Festival

Capitol District colleges will com-
pete in a Drama Festival at Russell
Sage Little Theater on October 25,
1947, afternoon and evening. Miss
Agnes E. Futtcrcr, Assistant Pro-
fessor of English, will direct State
College students against those of
Siena. Union. Rensselaer Polytech-
nic Institute, Skidmore and Russell
Sage. This will be the first parti-
cipation of State College in the
annual drama festivals held by
Capitol District colleges.

 

Paul Barselau, Graduate student
at State College and Dramatic and
Art Association member, will play
the lead in the "foreign farce" be-
ing presented by State College in
the festival. Supporting actors are
Warren Reich, ’50, Ellen Fay, '49,
Gloria Jaffer, ‘48, and John Lube,
’49. Dramatic and Art Council will
work on setting. lights and costumes.
State College student body will have
a preview dress rehearsal at assem-
bly on October 24.

The Russell Sage Drama Council,
noted for its radio and stage work,
is sponsoring this drama tourna-
ment. The best one-act plays from
each college's repertoire will be per-
formed to acquaint students with
one another's work.

m..-

Science Department Opens New Laboratory
For Use of Students In Physical Chemistry

Dr. Oscar E. Luiii'ord, Professor
of Chemistry, has announced the
acquisition of a new chemistry lab-
orutory in Room 250-A in Huestcd
Hull. The laboratory is to be used
exclusively for graduate students
and particularly for those in the
physical chemistry class,

The room which was formerly
used as a study room for the grad-
unto students has been supplied
with new equipment including cab—
liicts, cmibourds, tiiblcs, work
benches, hood and water bath. All
the water, glib and air fixtures are
chrome plated. The lab Is now
ready for use, all equipment huvliif.r
been received except the looks for
the cupboards and drawers. Those
are expected before ncxt somcstcr
when most of the experimental
Work in physical chemistry ls done.

Last year lli'W linoleum was laid
mid the room painted while the
equipment was installed this sum-
mor.

In paid; years, there has been no
laboratory set aside for the use of
the graduate students but enroll-
ment in the undergraduate chemic-
try courses wus small enough to en-
able the graduates to share the un-
dergraduate labs.

However, ill the last few years,
the enrollment in the science
courses has increased to such an ex—
tent that it became inconvenient
and oftentimes burdensome for both
groups to work together.

For many of their experiments,
the graduate students have to leave
their equipment out and their ex-
periments set up. Other students
using the sumo liib often mlsluld
the equipment while they were
working and mode work for the
graduates more difficult than it
normally should be.

The now laboratory is much
smullcr than the other two cheni-
lsti-y labs but will only have to fw-
coiiimodutc about ten graduate stu-
dents.

With the new laboratory the
graduates may work with compara-
ilvc freedom and privacy. Those
cxpcrhucllts which require several
days work may be left set up with-
out (longer of tipping or upsetting.

Dr. Limford, when asked about
the now lab, stated. "The now lab-
oratory will make It more conveni-
cut to both faculty and students.
I'm sure everyone will be more sat-
isfied with Working conditions under
the new arrangement."

 

Elect Ollicers For Annex

Elections held at Sayles Hall An-
nex have resulted in the following
officers for the year 1947-48: Presi-
dent, Anthony Prochllo, '50; Social
Chairman, Dale Sullivan, '48; score-
tary, Gerald Dunn, '51; and Trees-
urcr, Robert Kaiser. '49.

To Murder

 

the college atmosphere, and the
plot, which includes professors,
murdered, and professors murder-

ng.

Mr. Westbrook chose a murder
mystery because. he says, “That
type book is easier to write, has a
better reading market, and is more
rewarding financially.”

Also he thinks a detective story
is as interesting to write as to read.
The plot, Mr. Westbrook added, and
the complete detailed outline of
clues and chapters did not evolve
as he wrote it, but constituted the
hardest part of his work and was
ell planned before the writing be-
gan.

The following review of “Happy
Deatliday" appeared in the New
York Times Book Review section
September 21, 1947:

At ten minutes of 9 the lights
were to dim as the signal for the
University library’s closing. Friends
of Tom Bowman,
were assembled there to celebrate
his birthday with a surprise party.
Also at the library but hard at
work over some Chaucerian re-
search, Tom ploddecl on until the
last possible moment. The lights
dimmed, his friends sang “Happy
Birthday" — then the lights went
out. In the moment of darkness,
Tom was fatally stabbed, yet he
managed to gasp out a fragment
of “The Canterbury Tales.” Among
the colleagues that surrounded Tom
as he died was Sam Cutting, psy-
chology teacher, police researcher
and Veterans Administration psy-
chiatrist. With the fragment of
Middle English as the only clue,
Cutting delves into a plot where
draft-dodging, forgery and murder
traipse hand in hand. Suffice to
say, he gets his man, but not be-
fore he runs afoul of suspicious
wivos and divulges some of the stock
tricks of police psychologists. Cred-
ible, it all makes for an evening‘s
good reading—JACK GLICK.

Frosh To Hear
Stokes, Address

Ellen C. Stokes, Dean of Women,
will present her annual address to
the freshman class In today's as-
sembly. Myskanla will introduce a
motion proposing the use of $100
from the Student Association sur-
plus to fix and buy furniture for
the Myskania headquarters.

Student Council, at its Wednes-
day night mceting, appointed a used
book exchange committee consist-
ing of Betty Ann Gibson and Marie
Fcrnaiidcz, Juniors, co—chairmen,
Barbara Houck, ’49, Joan Farrell
and Sally Glaconla, Sophomores,
and Dottie Mann, ’51.

Inter-Collegiate Council of State
Teachers College plans an April
conference, with an assembly
speaker. The Inter-Collegiate Com~
mlttcc includes Alice Williams, ’48,
chairman, Catherine Donnelly, ’49,
and Rose Mary Willscy, '50.

A committee in charge of rivalry
was appointed. Francis Mullln,
President class of ’48, is chairman,
and Robert Wilcox, President class
of '49, Anthony l’i'ochlllo, President
class of ’50, and yct-to—bc-clected
President of the cluss of '51, and
Marion Micros, ’48.

The Sophomores will vote in as-
scmbly on October third to fill va-
cunclcs left by former Treasurer
Connie Rosuno, and former Song
Louder. qun Gebo.

The committcc in charge of as-
sembly programs has James Brophy,
’40, as chairman, with fellow work-
ers, Stanley Abrams, ’48, and Pro-
chlllo.

A student-faculty committee ap-
pointed includes Geraldine Cooper-
mim, '50, chairman, Gloria Gilbert,
’48, and William Lyons, '60.

Joseph Zanchclll. '49, is chairman
of the Constitution Committee, with
co-workers, Robertson Baker, ’49.
and Richard Foams". '50.

noted scholar, '

VOL. XXXII NO. I

aculty To ReCeive

reshmen At Pierce

Nelson, Stokes
To Head Line

Student Guides Finish
Program At Reception

The annual President's Reception,
will be held tonight in the Ingle
Room of Pierce Hall from 8:00 to
10:00 PM. Student guides are to
take their freshmen to the recep-
tion.

This reception is held in order to
provide an opportunity for the
freshman class to meet the mem-
bers of the College faculty. Head-
ing the receiving line will be Dr.
Milton G. Nelson, Dean and Act-
ing President of the College. and

 

 

DR. MILTON G. NELSON

 

Mrs. Nelson; Dr. Ellen G. Stokes.
Dean of Women; Dr. Robert Fred-
erick, Director of Teacher Train-
ing, and Mrs. Frederick; and Dr.
Harry Hastings, head of the English
Department, and Mrs. Hastings.
Other members of the faculty will
also be present together with their

. husbands and wives.

 A  To Welcome Faculty
p p This year there will be twenty-
eight new members of the faculty;

N S E B ad . the reception will serve as a means

, by which they may meet the older
members of the faculty as well as

Announces Plons “he SW“-

m Ditthflstén will:1 officially welcome

re s u en s, ta 11 over this cai-

M1‘- Elmer E. Mathews: Who did tion for the first tiif‘ie from Dr. gohn
graduate work at State College in M. Sayles, retired President of

1941, has been recently appointed Stale COlleEe- Since 1939 Dr.

full-time director of the Student 333162011}: 6 “gain” frigidegthﬁ

‘ , . . g es gne

Employment Buieau. His office is position in March, 1947, due to a

now controlled by the State 00- heart, ailment,

ordinator, Mr. Paul G, Bulger. To find Guide Prol'nm

, Tils rece tion will com

Mr. Mathews plans to reorganize student Gulfde program, £113: a:
and build up the bureau as much as direction of (lo-Chairmen Catherine
possible. In past times the bureau iGmmTiihd RObert Kigﬂdgei Jun'
was run on a part time basis, and 9” 1e pmng w 05° plums“
therefore could not'handlc student if,;°.2ss{f’.te“2,e, fgizlgemecnollggigugg
placements as cfficmntly as might made possible tours of the build-
have been desired. To eliminate 11135. Ollened F1091? Camp. held all
confusion in placing graduates of Burden Lake' and generally pm"

State, the duties of the admission momd gfmd feeling between at“

department and the employment Class or 51 and the res” or State

bureau have been fused into one Couege' Stu‘iem guides Who Wm
unit controlled by Mr. Bulger. Ac- not be able to amend the reception

cording to the new plan the bureau Should Obtain a ShbStltme- A“

will select members of the incom- gum‘fs Should know their “9511‘

ing freshman class and the same mm” tawny “(Wiser' and if they

burcuu will place them in jobs after do “Oh they Should Cheek With the
the students inatriculute. It is liop- “519 M the gum" 0m“ before “"3
cd that this plan will eliminate any reception

mlsdmcmd responsiblmy_ Light refreshments will be served.

Members of Myskania will also be
Early this fall Mr. Mathews plans present to greet the class of 1951.
to have a meeting with Seniors and Myskanla members are: Stanley

Graduate students in order to ac- Abrams, Gloria Gilbert, Ann May,

quaint them with the benefits of Helen Kislcl, Marlon Mieras, Alice

the Student Employment Bureau. Prindle, John Dooley, Eloise Worth,

Mr. Mathews is also completing ar- Wilma Diehl, Ruth Scclbach, Alice

rangcments whcreby all Seniors and Williams, Rita Shapiro and Wil-

Graduato students will register with ham Baldwin.

the Bureau stating whether they

desire to take advantage of the

Bureau’s aid or not, in order that Debate Council Slate;

more complete records may be had

for future I'ri’ol'cnce. This will not ' ' '

entail any obligation upon the stu~ Ducusslon on Slur“

dent, and is cspcchilly desirable in According to Rita Shapiro. "3.

the case that he may return after Chairman of Debate Council. plum
o pcrlod of yours for his records. If have been made to hold a debate
tho student docs desire a lead for a in ﬂSHCInbll’ I10“ Fl‘lduyi The W910
teaching position he may then cn- f0!“ the debate W111 be: Resoll’ed:
roll. and be pluccd upon the active "That 1‘3 15 t0 the AquntB 10
files. In this respect it is hoped State College women to wear looser
that the Bureau will be able to give Bkll‘llh‘i"
iiiorc scrvices to the student than Stanley Abrams. '48. and MW
over before. Odﬂku '49; ("1d Abraham TWP. '50.
I.._._..__...,_ will take the negative while Jo Ann
Joslllnt, '49 3nd tSlophomoges 
' Cirsyan Ar ur Roo w ho
Announces Library Hours the [Smuinatim mm d m t
Miss Mary E. Cobb, college 11- M 3 SW)” exp 6 9' u“
brarlan, has announced that the dfﬂmm wm 59”" a“ “ "W191 to “W
State College library will be open “6311mm '50 that WV WI“ km"
on Monday and Wednesday nights “‘9 “he °f “Mes” that 15 “new”
from 7-0:30 p, m., starting Monday. or them in “mm”
The State College Debate Council
It has also been decided that the has also sent questionnaim to

Saturday library hours will be from twantv colleges concerning plan.
0 a. m. to 6 p. m. for intercollemto debates.

-. .1 .... ..,.. Hgq...._.......s........i....-....

 
 

  

.
‘z
t
r
,n
'r
if
f
5.

“nawr want- MSTH?’

 

