   
  

M, a

“c g _ 2 ‘ ﬂ .
Vote- Wisely ,
  '5‘ Today in Assembly, the fieshmenwill vote for
a r ‘ ~ their chss officers. We shall milke'our pier-now 

for Intelligent Voting. ‘ "
‘ ' leaders are important—so impbrtant they
can snake, or break a class as far as unification and
' organisation goes.

We'sh‘ould like‘to clear up a few points which
we feel are a bit cloudy in some people’s minds.
Intelligent voting does not mean alphabetical vot- ,
ing, nor does it mean voting against a candidate 1 ‘
just because she didn’t speak to you one day when
you  in the hall.

_ Intelligent voting means careful thinking and
Careful analysis of each candidate. Each individ- I
l
i

 
    

 

 

 

 

   

' By soothe MoLAlIEN "

This Reporter is given the widest latitud .
of this column, although his viewpoints ain‘t: (3225’?
“My reﬂect those of the Sum Com.an ans. 5-

Last Spring after Student Association e

ual vote is an important one and when students
feel that their one small vote -is immaterial, the
whole'purpose of democratic voting is lost.
A ballot is not something you race to ﬁll out
so you can get outlof Assembly first. Would it
t be such a catastrophe if a few of us had to post-
pone our lunch until after that 12:35 class and
gave a little more thought to our ballot? Too many l
people in this‘democratic land laud our democracy 3
l
l

was formed, the report does not mention eith
vorably or unfavorably, the mechanics of preferixntlil
voting, but confines itself to voting procedures. ‘

 

verbally and ignore it actually.

For years, various individuals at regular inter-
vals have pleaded for intelligent voting at State
, College and every year at every election, there l
, are still evidences of unintelligent voting. Haven’
we all heard that the people at the beginning of the
alphabet have the advantage when running for an
office—but, of course, that’s not entirely true be-
cause some exceptionally original voters start their
numbering at the end of the alphabet.

The publication of the results of every election
is followed by groans of dissension and disagree-
ment, but when some wise people will use a per-
fectly good nomination for campus queen to vote
for Dean Nelson, we begin to wonder if we’re reg-
istered in a college or a kindergarten.

3%
And then come complaints about the voting sys-

tem but as was said last e r ' . B JEAN t the names on the ballot were i ' -»
r y a , a new voting sys y INESON \ m alphabetical order. Th lot arranged

tem will do no good if people refuse to use it cor To the shore I
. _ _ . - s of Hudson River Of the dash of fifty paces, conege daemons 5170"” be supeTVlsed b
rectly. If the privelege of voting were Withdrawn, Where the Sophomores hide the And the race of Old Loin Cloths. has Procedures set “9- and the “Cowgig’blggg‘lll‘llc’l‘l
undoubtedly the “Nelson for campus queen” voters banner, Approach“ the hour when the to insure a fair election. Myskania, of course is lhlil
would be the first to holler. We have the privilege Gazing “$8 geengeamered warrms' w ,3”? 1 bOdy' ’ i
now. Wh canat we tr to act - ‘ y a em min and others, 0 d atte for athletic honors. SPECTATOR SPORT
take advavltage of it? y . a little adult and Wﬂy chiefs of an the gremlins. There Harvimiik did rally warriors, Only those who ha
. - Came from the terraced balcony Warriors hot for bloody vengeance. c
Too often capable, consc1entious leaders have To wreak revenge for many Wm“ Ready m" the lusty “smug” “‘039 Wh° ref I
. I in s eree have the most fun, but even those
lb?“ voted out of Ofﬁce becaugg of personal dls_ Th  I Stoosla Sparkivawn, his squaw and on the sidelines realize it's not a
i es and as has been demonstrated in rec en 8 minty Tompm Kmo' pause e nape an Who saw it en 0 ed m ' I I
electionS, deserving candidates were denied wgllf Orally guardian of the nifty-fiftleS. Praying m the 9”“ White fame" game °n WeaneSda j y e many pusubd“

y, for it may be the last of then-
_ Called his men from their. wi wains, For many mmmes leather smw' “Edith”! u
earned honors due to a lack of any real thinking. Summoned them by MS anEl hot- Shoes games or organized mayhem. If new “I

all in the future, tn 1 - .
You .freshmen vote today. Today, you decide foot, I T r it t ey w ll piobably bghWatelCd down
who wnl lead your class through rivalry for the 309133218 braves with mighty war “ n “mugh a Paleface “1‘8- AND WE’RE wrr

. When the dust of battl 1
rest of the year It’s important for a class to ' e c “red,
. . gal To the plains of Pa e Hall Field The elders 0f MySkania come“
Off to a gOOd start and the Ofﬁcers do mUCh tow. In the third week ogocwmr.s mbon By smoke signal (“d announce that {3:18 coming basketball season and air a long stand-

'll'
“. . . for the ONE THOUSANUI‘H and THIRD time:
No. I AM NOT KAY KYSER'”

Mint/4

 

 

 

 

tempt to explain the theory behind the system 51.0321}

be made to the students, and We shall
ourself to do so. next week. take it upon
M035: VOTING
A east we have the horrible example of what
to do in voting procedures. We are referring to 
“11:32? Who voting conducted by Press Bureau lust
First of all was the fact that exceSS ballots w '\
vailable to practically anyone in assembly who hedd

 

 

 

 

 

ve actually “played” ii“ amc
an appreciate to the fullest extent what itL Likes

 

. , wonder at the indiffei i »
aTdS Organizmg that start Was the annual fracas to determine Vietory was With the crafty SODhS bog ence Wh Ch the mum”
. - ,, ,, y has shown in ast ea . , .
When the PreSident of Student Association asks gimp? Clip possessmn‘ we.) 13min“! med war dancer our team takes a trllp- 05:10: Sltatlegilleit (llllpgallls l‘lClllllltl
you to remain in your seats for voting, don’t groan lo‘dgrulnsm pounding on the war ‘.Droi? giaodli” growled the sava e court it Is apparently forgone“ only a few students
and immediately Visualize Your lunch floating away They marched from Pierce and frosh. 3 6V3; got as far “5 Slena last Year-
on gilded Wings. Go about your voting in a serious, Sallie-9i O, papooses by the campfire the Sisal-ea?“ fl”. this: we beneve' though Dummy
intelligent manner. Launch your class career with From the campﬁres of N°°ma"' Need I tell you or What came 8 880m recmd' is mainly a Mk 0f lead”.—

3 “me care_ And the ditches of Saint Mary's. In the evening of the day of cam- Ship and planning. we have a good schedule this

‘ m the“. blue and green headdresses age? Year, with teams against which we should give a good
Look your ballots over carefully. it is not nec- Ready for the bloody battle they. Bem’e “"3 “"0110 of Princess Showmg' The SChedule inclu‘les “"35 to sue“ plum

essary to vote for each name listed. If there is Up leaped Squaw Elladams» Ohm“
candidate on the balm whom you do "0t knowa Crying, “Blue. blue, 0 color true!" Gave the Sophs such a business :86ng [Sf waiting until a day or two before the gamo:
don’t VOte for him VOte for th , A may mce was the ﬁrst event of a WM. dance. with Strange visions ] up a signup sheet in an inconspicuous plllCl',
. _ . ose persons whom Of a“ this Sportive murder~ Enacted by the frantic Glenday p ans Shoald be made now to Chart" "US$95 to" [1‘05"
you think Will do your class the most good. Swiftly, swiftly did they run, But the freshman tribe ' games' The “hedule ’5 “unable' and the date-5' Show“
Mum’s Son and Kelleher' By the throbbing tom_tom5' be publicized so that students may make plum; i‘or
gllke the eagles of the mountains, Sage a, 303;?“ "one: “if 338' ff

ew Howard and Geneho Tam“ . n w,“ ,e Singing of “Neermlu - o 638 a airs should be kc l; to a nilniii ill
STATE CCLLEGE NEWS But m mm were all their man: Hung on the Sophs the hex, on such dates, and there is no reapson why a gdoillv
For the flecter frosh outraii them, The spirit of the whammy. number or Students woumll't 80 in any Otllf‘l‘ 0115‘.“-

Ancl nailed the blue scalp to the ﬁlm? dig tllﬁ vvise one. leles, BU}: THOSE TICKETS
wa . 88 W 1 ft tie others 0 rlstmas Dance l , - '
Angered   insolencq To make decision  all the entrance of     
The“ smoked the Sophs the WM“ 011 who had fought more valiantly. 903%“ Which say “formal”, the, dance {V111 be semi.

 

Established May 1916
By the Clan of1918

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

V01. xxxu October 31. 1947 pipe For the contest of the evening formal. Latest info is that those hund -e ~ I- s
Member “mulling? 7 And returned to win the battle Did the Green ""99 Wln renown. wm arrive for sure this weekend. 90 [bflybttllﬁbsbhbllls
AWOL-Wed Commute we“ Collegiate MW” . Butcthe Sophomores gained the early.
The undergraduate newninipcr of the New York Stiito Coi- . ‘ Dim thc moon shone
‘ over Green
logo for Teachers: published every ll‘l‘llllly of ilio collage  Lepees,
vﬁiir by Jim  (Hilton! for :llll; Slitndclnt Association. M gallium Wloeml warriors within   - - -
much: . ny, 2- ~-. : in “Hill” lllli (ii'l ON, 2411!”; Zlnnl. l Snerec o'er the ' , -
35-05118; (.‘liirk 2-0870. Members of the non sliin' may no T0 the Editor: age, wmdg or com FRIDAY: OCTOBER 31
rtilll‘lli'il 'l'lli!H., nnd Wed. from 7 in mm: l'. M. in 30107. I cannot understand the purpose Whispered then the ancient war- 12:00 Noon”Pl Omega P1 Meeting. Room 300. Di-npm-
of the article of October 24th, “By C Y.
The New, Boa“; Dlogenes Light." Is it an anti- Ancient prayer of all the frosh SATURDAY. NOVEMBER l
Communist effort, or is it merely "Wnit'll next year wait-n  t B'OOP'M"S°C‘H°Pv Page Hull gym
ANN MAY - - - - - - - EDITOvaN-CHIIF My. Nielsenv. b u . n ' ex MONDAY NOVEMB I I
CAROL CLARK - - - - - MANAGING IDITOR Ymk on t? 51 O servulolns 0“;  yea” 12.00 N00,“ Fl h ER 3
‘ ‘ y n my op n on, 9, s - "- '88 man Tl' -oui;s foi'P' ' 9
5:33: "T?ggc°"° '_ '_ '. ' ‘ “‘"‘°'"° “"0" in both capacities. As a criticism TUESDAY' NOVEMBER 4y “Hell Room 10

IFORTI IDI'I’OR of a political

 

. . ‘ 7:30 P.M.——F‘renl C] b
A a 2mm . _ cm ‘ ‘ organization, it is that many Communists or, . I 01 u Meeting, Lounge.
:l'TANCCOLIMAN . . . . . GE’LAT'ﬁvxmfg {$151313} coillzggngltdlculou: in con- singular in gender. ' e emuler 8‘00 P‘M"‘:ERP1“3’S' 1131"“:th by Catlioi~iiioDoii-
cano-rr: LALLY - - - ausmns MANAGER as me language of aacgﬁlgicn‘i‘gfi‘af On the other hand. as an impres. WEDNESDA N£€SMB$amga Chewmmv J‘m'm'”
:Lsiz LANDAU . . . . unocmz loiron que‘ Furthermore pshould Mr 810"“;th essay. Mr. Nielsen's article 7:30 P.M.~lv'luth Club lyfintinr R
JEAN rum-m - v - - . AlloctATI Ion-on Mum" cumb out {or a minute of is a complete misrepresentation, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2;” 5' 00m 101' MOW"
JEAN BP‘HC“ ' ' ‘_ ' ‘_ ""°°'"' “'7” the teneman house basement. or {fgvggﬂss tine policy of New York 13:00 NOOIl——I.V.C.F. Worship, Rev. Lawton Spciikcr
All coininnnlcnllonu should he addressed to lilo—om” “mi Which. lie Speak-5'. he would prob- with“; ml; lilgsghat?g8d1“{dlcnny 8_ Room 28, ' '
llllltil iio ulguml. Nnincn will lw wltliliclii upon rmllll'iil. “ny 11nd that the O'A'P' ‘3 n we" lleld in Unlversit 0% illsdlcasws are 4:38 P'MlhRmhard Lahey' artist Page "an
The H'l‘A’l‘lc (.‘(ILLECE NEWS nummms no rcuponullillllr Orgm‘lzcd 1301131081 force. that needs than tenements {Inlzss Jngﬁ' {mm FRiDAP'M'“W'A'A- Tea» Lounge.
for opinions expressed In lls columns or i'iiilimunlt'nlInnu to be combﬂtted wm‘ rational changed its ina'nugementusluss has 3'30 P'MNOVEMBER
its such expressions do not noconunrlly l‘itl'll‘i'l its VlifW. awggrigvob‘zlg;   H0 beehdrlnkmg days there argcﬁnggg  bola-“SIMGEHHQ. R001" 150-
' l i in man ' ‘ e a - , .-
W2 escapism in New York do not be}: “1“” ‘1 mW genuine thinkers in its the Student Association, either gilicidlglilt {gllutllllfllnsr

long to the Communist ranks . lOontinuedonPaaea,Column!)  Should be responsible and take some "(’“0”

 

 

Lehey To Demonstrate
Oi Painting

Technique

"Most Interesting Face”
Will Furnish Model

As a guest artist of Dramatics
and Art Council, Richard Laney
will appear in Page Hall, Thursday.
November 6, at 8:30 P. M., where
he will give a lecture entitled “In
An Artist’s Studio." This lecture
will be demonstrated by the actual
painting of a living model.

According to the requirements
sent by Mr. Laney, the model must
be a girl; therefore, when you vote
for the “student with the most in-
teresting face" in assembly Friday,
the males names will be omitted
from the list.

Exhibited Paintings

Mr. Lahey is an American painter
whose works in oil, water color, and
etching are represented in many
collections in America, including the
Whitney Museum of American Art,
the Brooklyn Museum, the Metro-
politan Museum of Art and the De-
troit Institute of Art. Besides re-
ceiving the Carol Beck Gold Medal
prize, given at the 124th Annual
Exhibition of the Pennsylvania Ac-
ademy of the Fine Arts, Mr. Laney
is also a teacher of the Fine Arts.
He has taught at the Minneapolis
Institute of Arts, the Art Students’
League of New York, and is at
present the principal of the Comor-
an School of Art, Washington, D.
C., and Professor of Fine Arts at
Goucher College, Baltimore, Mary-
land. He is a member of the Am-
erican Society of Painters, Sculp~
tors, and Engravers, the Society of
Washington Artists, and the Artists
Guild of Washington. Mr. Laney
has had one man exhibitions at the
Virginia Museum of Art, Richmond,
the Corcoran Gallery and the Wich-
ita, Kansas Museum.

Creates Illusions

Mr. Lahey’s technique in present—

ing his subject is to create the illu-

. sion of an artist's studio and to let

the audience in on trade secrets
and the complete process of paint—
ing a portrait. His stories are
glimpses into the world of art and
the personalities that move in that
orbit. He talks to the audience
concerning the news of the various
galleries, and the artists who are
receiving awards. I

Admission for State students Will
be Student tax. General admission
will be $1.50.

e .t.,

(Continued from Page 2, Column 2)

 

 

clientele. I think that even Mr.
Nielsen’s "Time-poor New Yorkers”
would writhe at his hit-or-miss
condemnation of their somewhat
sacred spots. ‘
Finally the times call for intelli—
g‘cnt analysis rather than the
Pravda like criticism offered “By
ones Li “ht.”
Diog g Molly Mulligan, ’50.

To the Editor:

Two weeks ago, a letter was pub-
lished in this column concerning
the Myskunia decision regarding
Paul Kirsch. The letter was delib-
erately worded to evoke a response
from Myskania, either in defense
of its action or in apology. Yet,
two weeks have gone by and Mys-
knnia has seen fit to sit smugly
mute on the situation. Either they
feel the furor will die down or else
they feel they are Justified in the
wording of their decision. If they
f'ccl so justified, why not say so?

Or is Myskania seeking a test of
strength, depending on the nature
of its position to weather the
“$12121 that Myskania has had suf-
ficient time to reach a decision on
this issue. The student body has ‘a
right to know whether or not Mys-
kuiiia will apologize for its state-
ment to Paul Kirsch, '61.

Abe Twp. '49-

OTTO ll. MENDE

THI Coun- JIWILII
103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

 

  

  
  

arA'rI' c‘oLuoI um. rnioilv. oer. oi. ms

 

Say/es Returns For Short Visit Council

Says,’”li’s“” Good To Be Back”

. . L ‘ o . r
Settles Question
‘ I! COLETTA FITZMORMS I   
Wasn't it nice to see Dr. Sayles speaking for the entire part of stu-

around the halls of State again last dent Association, that knew Dr. - °
week?lApparently‘the feeling sires Sayles, when I say that we enjoyed gmd¢n|npwm Ob“...
mutua, because ii an interv ew having him back. very much, and ' ’ ' ‘ '
Wednesday. our err-president said that we hope he will drop around pea. ‘ﬂmn'9ns,
that it was a grand feeling to be often this year to warm the halls Through I'QIIIIZIEIOHI
back and that he really enjoyed his with his friendly spirit and warm
At the last meeting of Residence
Council, the members passed the

visit. smile.
He went on to talk more about
the school itself, and these are a {n01th that senior hours he cumu'
few of his opinions on the recent I at V9 ‘0’ one month only- Thus: 3
changes. First of all, he noticed the tu  e ect senior woman may take no more
alteration in the Co-op and thought than two hours in any one month.
that n was deﬁnitely} good one. I '1 I WI‘ II This motion remains ineﬂectiVe,
He had nothing speciﬁc to say 0 s o pending the approval Of the Various
about the difference in the 9.0., but housemotherS-
was sure that it wouldn't interfere F S C  Rates Unchanged
with the grade of work turned out, Of tote O 282 n was also stated that kiddying
gggegesgggémgegttaggfhéat31302ht§ Last Friday in assembly the stu- Egg: Zggagﬁgfggi mini]??? 1:9}:
the sacrifice. , dent bOdy ale-Clea the “new most‘suggested rates are: for afternoons
Now for the question that is on outstanding Seniors at State 001- —500 per hour, evenings—60c per
evei'ybody’s mind . . . who will be lege, According to Beverly 1315mm hour, and after midnight—60c per
°‘” “if” ﬁles’ide‘h“ “33 “3?” 3‘" ‘49- Direct“ 0f Press Bum“ the SEEMG‘Jlisﬁé‘ém‘église‘loi‘éoﬂﬂé
[13:38:]; mad), Sgatedf’..l Isavsexﬁ sixteen Seniors elected to “Who's transportation to and from the
the slightest ideal" He went on, Who Among the Students” are: place of work before accepting the
though, and said that he didn’t Stanley Abrams, Beverly Bistoff, Job.
think we would have! a new 01:8 Martin Bortnick, Wilma Diehl, Dor- Residence Council made a sus-
I     °"  S“    Dooley.   
m C U At; present, D,‘ Sayles is still en- Kiesel- An“ Mayv Marlon Mlerasl istration that the front hail of Van
. joying retired life, although natur- Francis Mullln, 0. Roger Nielson, Derzee Hall be used as a waiting-
   ally he is active in other fields. He Alice Pi'lndle, Ruth Seelbach. Ger— room for girls Whose escorts muSt
y I still has his hotel at Star Lake, so hard Weinberg. Alice Williams, and Emir tlgce  toniealvle isigitificlaséels,
sfs C ommiﬂ'ees gr)ahiglilggfsbiﬂaggrlnglsﬁ lilac" Elms“ Wm“- ixlg girl: stand :nwthe  its front
is a man of leisure anyway. . . on These names .will be sent to of the Hall while waiting for their
. - the side. “Who's Who In American Colleges ESCOI'tS to come out.
10A lizas’rﬂinmscnﬁggﬁﬁ’ Era? Personally, Dr. Sayles declares and Universities" and considered by Allow Late Permissions
mci'ce Club, according to Mardell thtzt he has neverlfetlt bvgter‘i’  the“. board, If the board accepts 1 Speclial tlate;1 plermistsign ﬁi'mrec;
" v _ _ it] ,no even as an aer,w e-aae iearsasa so 00 mus eo a e
3,2581%,33; agesglfﬁgﬁseﬂhigdeﬁ college student. Could that be pos- the nominees they wm send eacb by the organization concerned. The
standing committees for the oligan- sible? one a form to fl“ 0‘“ concerning house president cannot grant these
nation In conclusion. I feel that I am the activities in which he has par- late permissions to individuals. On
The I hayride will organize at ticipated during his college years. nights Of A. 13. plays a half-hour .

- . will be allowed for those attending
Pierce Hall at 7.30 P. M. Miss Then the accepted students and the plays to return to their respec_

Brusie has stated' “Stags are m" T their records will be published in me . ,
- .. gioup houses. After t at time
Vited, couples will be allowed. Any-  o  v _ I 11
one in Student Association who is me 1947 48 edition glllS Wlll be CODSldel‘eCl late.

interested can sign up on third t - _ "MW
floor, Draper Hall, or write to M 55 F

Bi‘usie by Student Mail before No- an   y
vember 4.

   
   

   
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
   

  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 

 

    
  
 
  
         
 
 
  
  

 

     
 
         
     
    
   
  
  
    
    
   
    
  
    
    
    
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
     
  
 
 
  
    
     
  
  
    
  
   
   
       
    
   
     
      
   
    
  
  
  
  
   

 

RICHARD LAHEY

 

 

 

 

On Tuesday. November 4, in the

Further plans for the hayride will Page Han Auditorium. Advanced
be discussed at the next Commerce Dramatics Wm present two plays
0111b meetmg 0“ November 4 1“ directed by Cathrine Donnelly and
Room 301, Draper Hall, at 3:30 1PM. Metth Cheatham' Juniors.

Commerce Club committees for
the year, as announced by Miss Miss DODDGIIY'S play, one Of mood
Brusie are: Program, William Bahn, and eﬂect. is a fantasy Wthh takes
Jr., '49, chairman, Ruth Doran, ’48, place in the Far East. The cast
Vivien Steele, ’50, and Philip includes in order of importance:
O'Reilly. '51; Publicity, Lloyd Tay- John Lubey, '48. Bill Lyons 50.
lor, '50, chairman, Shirley Williams, Charles Chase, Graduate,’ Arthur
'48, Jack Brophy, '49, Ruth Bauch, Russell, '48, Earle Jones, 50, Don
'50, and George Frick, ’51; Enter- Ely, Walter Keller, freshmen, James
talnment, Lynn White, '50, chair- Cafaro. George Christy: Sopho-
man, Evelyn Boetcher, '48, Forest mores. Marie Grieco. 49. Joan
Hill, '49, Joan Erlandson. ’50, and French, ‘50. and Joan Whltcraft.
Philip Malafsky, ’51. ’51.

 

Miss Cheatham's production is a
marital comedy with a British set-
 ting, In the cast are: Ruth Bes-

sel, '48, George Kline and Fred
OUR Knoerzer, freshmen.

 On November 18, Harold Mills

and Everson Kinn, Juniors, will
direct their plays in Page Hall.

 

 

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

PHONE 5-1913
“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL”

193-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANV. N. V

 

 

 

, reef/ I
BOOKS STATIONERY M" ii C W
“"  W” h 4

PLEASE return

STATE COLLEGE CO-OP 5 ¢ ,,,,,,,,,.,,,,,,,,.., .

\LBANY COCA-COLA BO’I‘TLING C0.
CARDS GIFTS 0 i947 The c-c Co.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

