  
  

 

shitlmxewrw..w, . -

  

 

 

‘n'fn cosmos news. smear.  “at. rear

 

cohorts”

 Now
 Final Dates
For Applications

To Award Fellowships
For College Seniors

Applications are now being ac-
cepted by the Pepsi-Cola Scholar-
ship Board and the Navy for Schol-
arshipa which they are offering.

The Pepsi-Cola Scholarship Board
is awarding: to outstanding college
seniors. in the United States 26

. three-year graduate fellowships.

.Each. fellowship pays full tuition

..and $750.00 a year for the three
years and may be used in any field
of study in any accredited college
in the- United States or Canada.

Application for this scholarship
can be made by any college student
scheduled to receive his bachelor's
degree during the 1947-1948 school
year. Official application blanks
may be obtained from the Dean of
the college or directly from the
Pepsi-Cola Scholarship Board, 532
Emerson St., Palo Alto, California,
not later than January 1, 1948.

The feIlOWships will be awarded
on a regional basis—six fellowships
to students in each of four geogra-
phic regions. Winners will be se-
lected on the basis of their promise
of outstanding achievement in later
life as evidenced by their under-
graduate records and recommenda-
tions. The fellowships are limited to

those who are in need of financial or L9 eerie mncaisi Frenm Chlb- that she liked them long enough to

help.

The Navy is offering a college
education to each man selected and
a commission as an officer in the
U. 8. Navy or U. S. Marine Corps.
The government will pay his tuition
and normal fees. buy his books and

necem uniforms and also give cuss her visit to France this past of Campus
him 850130 a month living expenses. summer. Refreshments will be serv- nounced that Campus Commission given by Dr. W. Albert Noyes, Jr.,

Applications must reach the Na-
val Examining Section in Prince-
ton, New, Jersey by November 10,
as the date for the competitive ex-

.amination is December 13. Any un- of Finance, suggests that he be their notes were removed.

 

m 

A committee from P1 Omega Pi is
now making a survey of all teach-
ers who have graduated from the
commerce department of State Col-
lege. The committee is going to find
out the problems these teachers have
encountered and is going to organ-
ize and publish them so that the
present commerce students may
profit by their predecessor's exper-
iences. .

 

 

 

 

Miss Elizabeth VanDenburgh, Reg-
istrar, has announced that during
the weeks of November 8 and
10 there will be interviews for
the February ’48 and September ’48
entering freshmen. Other interviews
will be held at a later date.

 

Francis Mullin, '48, President of
the Edward Eldred Potter Club. has
announced that the fraternity will
hold a smoker at the Ambrose J.
Sctu Legion Post on Central Ave-
nue this Tuesday, November 4, at
7:06 PM. The affair is for all mem-
bers and invited guests.

 

The Fall Induction Ceremony of
Signian Laudis will be held Monday
evening, November 3, at 7:30 PM.
in the college Lounge. Dr. Elizabeth
H. Morris will be the guest speaker.
All former members are invited to
attend.

 

May Giovanniello, ’48, President
has announced that there will be
a meeting of the organization Tues-
day. November 4, at 7:30 P.M., in
the lounge.

Speaker at the meeting will be
Dr. M. Annette Dobbin. Assistant
Professor of French, who will dis-

ed.

Rodney Felder, ‘49. Auditor of
Student Association, Student Board

Students Favor; Moreno b: sociodramait'
Shorter Skirts ' In Page UnderwAuspiees OI IGC

The word Sociodrama has adorned culminating point of a 2-day inter-
on   walls or State College, and not un- collegiate conference‘on Intergroup
derrating the intelligence of the Relations. Students from Oswogo;
In “€me With this Week’s 35- reader, We assume that it means Oneonta, Fredonia, Cortland, New
semny debate. a State 0011889 New something to you. For those who Paltz. Plattsburs. Middlebury (Ver-
editor has wandered around the are uninitiated, however, we explain mont), Detroit, Massachusetts, St.
hollowed halls of Howley seeking that this sociodrama is a tri-i'old Rose, and State will be present. The
opinions from the not-too-studious sort of thing; one third sociology, program, starting at 9:30 AM_ 1m.
students. one third psychology, and one third day, November 7, is an extensive one
Many of these were willing to drama. It is a means of acquiring and will be open to all State College
speak in favor of the short skirt, reactions through audience portioi- students-
and the following are their not very pation and it’s “all for free" in Page The sociodrama is being presented
subtle opinions. First of all, Joe Hall on Saturday, November 8, by Dr, J_ L, Moreno, director of a
Roulier, '48, wanted it known that starth at 8:30 PM. Psycho-dramatic Institute in New
for ordinary purposes he preferred - But the sociodrama is only the York City. According to Joy Simon,
short skirts . . . on women that ;t9idDr.dMg.r$oniIstethe best Ci: thﬁ
is! Jean Ineson, '49, said that she e an r-group unc
couldn't imagine anyone being too V¢I‘I’¢Y, Cornwall Spock and State College arefortunate in
modest to deprive their legs the on Fuhmity oucﬂion acquiring him, since he is much in
benefits of the light, fresh air. Bob demand by many sociological or-
Wllcox- ’49: summed the issue up This afternoon, from 5 to 5:30 sonlzatlons and group. Helsappear-
very well by saying. “Them that’s RM" Raymond Vemy and Arthur ing here because he believes the
80% 'em» shows 'em” Cornwall, Graduates, will participate conference is a worthy cause. and
Only Geri Coopermon. ’50. BM in an mm.couegmte discussion because as future teachers it might
“Pinky” Smith. ’49. had the nerve to broadcast 1mm “anon my. Troy prove valuable in classroom usage.
defend the long skirts. The first Stanley Abrams, .43. gm, of
brave member of this duet said that pom,’ has announced that these
‘29 gm”: “:23 “he w°§ledaazfut Speakers are sent through Forum - -  you - -
5 0” “3 n 959' were er ‘1 93- but will represent Inter-Fraternity
le‘y went on '70 00mm” them t0 Council, since the subject of the dis- Albany £833, nggguggiﬁ
October 29, 1947
The 9mm“ is a regular “"53 To All State College Students:

prohibition . . . .in other words, u h om a natal-mt p"
the Joints are still there, but just cussmn is' w yj y
harder t0 ﬁnd- broadcast, presented in order 8 26 e had a, ver

Believe “3 or “0"! we '30 have “ bring to the listeners of this col- mfﬂgﬁﬂ'ﬁcﬁﬁg gart'ywyou gave f0);
“3‘” neufmls In the “MOI: “’0- BQI’ lege area a broad view of subjects us. We hope you had as much fun
Bakerv 49v the d1Pmm‘lh “39’s “‘9‘? ranging from topics of international giving the party as we had attend-
some girls can» and 52"“? Ems can t. interest to various aspects of college ing it. We all hope we can haVe an-
Then, Rusty Willsey, 50. announced 11er Representatives of other area other get-together real soon.

colleges will be present. Yours truly,
——-————-— Mary Hudson, Lillian Culley,

Norma Cowen, Dorothy Marra,
Grace Bolde, Betty Luppeus
Jacqueline Ludlum, Elsie An-
drews, Robert Elder, Fred Ter-
wiiilger, Bob Wygant, J. Smith,
T. R. Smith. Nellie Miller, Ed-
ward Subcliffe.

 

 

 

cover the knock-knees and short
enough to be exciting.

 

Noyes To Spool: At Union

The Eastern New York Section of
the American Chemical Society will
sponsor a free public lecture en-
titled “Internationai Chemistry"

Remove Notes From Boxes

Helen Kislel, '48, Grand Marshal
Commission, has an-

 

has been removing undersized, tis- at the Memorial Chapel, Union Col-
sue thin or overdue notes from the lege, Schenectady, Wednesday, No-

Student Mailboxes. In most cases, vember 5, at 8:15 P. M. Men wan'ed For Work

the students have been notified if Dr. Noyes is President, American Mrs- Annette Mamed» Director
Miss Chemical Society; Adviser, United of the Part Time Employment Bu-

mamed male between the ages of contacted by the Treasurer of any Kisiel stated that Campus Commis- States Delegation; First UNESCO reauv has announced that all men

17 and 21, who meets the prescribed

requirements, is eligible to apply for who is having difficulty with his that are of proper size — 2" by

the exam.

organization within StA. Budget

financial records.

sion does not take any notes out General Conference Chairman, 1947 Who W011” like Jobs putting up
Conference of International Union storm windows should contact her
4". of Chemistry. in the Dean of Women's Office.

 

  
  
 
 
   
    
    
   
 
  
    
    
    
  
 
  
  

* Miro/w 1717’ m mﬁmw/

. . . It’s Desi Amoz's—
“I love to Donce“* (RCA Victor)

 

   

‘From the MGM picture:
"This Time for Keeps"

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

HIS volatile Cuban’s rhythms have been

sweepingthe country. Everywhere he’s played,
Desi Arnaz has broken attendance records! And,
when Desi lights up a cigarette, it’s the brand that’s
been a national favorite for years and is now making
new records of its own! Yes, more men and women
are smoking Camel cigarettes than ever before!

Why? The answer is in your
Taste and T for Throat).

Try Camels. Discover for yourself why, with
smokers who have tried and compared, Camels are

the “choice of experience"l

 

“T.20ne” (T for

 

    
  
  
    
  
 
  

 

  
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
     

cigarette
for me!

  
 
  

II. J. lloi'uuidl ’l‘iiiniri'ii (lo.
\\’iIliiiiiil-Hululi. N. O.

    

       
   
  
   
  
  
    
    
     
   
   
 
   
    
     
   
   
    
  
  
    
     
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
    
    
    
     
   
    
    
        
     
   
    
   
  
    
   
   
     
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

    
   
 
 

  
   
  

 

E  P Defeats * Bea
Victory Gains

Weeks Games Close

Intramural Grid Season

Pushing over their third touch-
down early in the second half, Pot-
ter Club downed a fighting Beaver
team to capture the title in the
The

After Gipp returned the Beavers'
opening kick-off, the Beavers held
and force the “A” League champs
A run by Blavotnick and
a. pass to Kealm gained ten yards,
but EEP took over here and on the

intramural football

league.
final score was 18-12.

to punt.

second play Zanchelli passed

score of the game.

B’s
Beavers Knot Score

the score. EEP 12, B's 6.
Barber Grabs Pay-Off [leave

passes.
once more.

nick's kick-off.

good. EEP 18, B’s 12.
Beaver Thrust Falls Short

B’s began to roll.

minute victory.

Final: EEP 18, 13's 12.
Final League Games

The St. Mary's Angels copped
their first WIll by downing SLS.
13-7. while the Beavers beat the
Ramblers. Monday the H&E's
tripped KDR 12-8 while the Gents
were overcoming the Huskies, 20-0.

WAA Councnl Plans
Annual Tea, Nov. 6

Beverly Sittlg, '49, Chairman of
the Annual WAA tea, has announc-
ed her plans. The ten will take
place on November 6th, Ill the
Lounge, from 3-5.

Miss Johnson and Miss Mui‘l‘uy
will pour; and besides refreshments
members of the organization will
be treated to cntertuinnlcnt, under
the direction of Mickey Seaman.
'49, and a speech by President Wil-
ma Diehl, '48.

Other committees include refresh-
ments: Juanita Evans ’49, and Dec
Webbcl', '50; invitations: Ruth
Smith, '50; arrangements: Ruth
Mattcson and Ellv Adams of the
Class of '50, and Pug Kuhlkln and
Georgia Mugincsh, freshmen, are
in charge of clean-up.

All. r. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
Established 1005 Phone 4'2880
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

Schick in the left flat for the first
The try for the
extra point failed. After the kick-
off Blavotnick and Carter combined
to move the ball just short of a
first down where EEP took over.
The B’s took over Oil downs just as
the first quarter ended. EEP 6.
0.

Following a Beaver pullt to open
the second period, Stevenson inter-
cepted a pass by Gipp on the B’s
fifteen and ran the length of the
field for the first Beaver score;
the conversion failed. After Keahn's ‘
kick-off, EEP picked up a first
down before Zanchelli faded and
hit Schick with a long pass, the
latter making a neat catch and
stepping off the last ten yards for

With Blavotnick pitching and ,
Carter and Clearwater on the rem freshman teamshard at work pre-
cewmg end, the ,,B,, League winners partng for the l'ivall‘y,tilt, Wednes-
picked up a first down on three day s rivalry hookey game 15 am“
After two runs failed to bOdy 5 some“
gain Blavotnick fired to Carter in
the EEP end zone to tie the score
Again the point try
failed. Second half play got under-
way as Stevenson returned Bort-
When EEP took
over possession of the ball, Gipp
stepped off a first down on three
runs, to move the ball to the B's
tWelve. After a pass and two runs
failed to gain, Barber leaped high
in the air to make a one-handed
snare of Glpp's fourth down end-
zone flip. The point try was no

After the final kick-off the ball
exchanged hands twice before the
Blavotnick pass-
ed to Carter for five and then
gained a first down with an off-
tacle run to move the ball deep into
EEP territory. Two runs and a pass
failed and a fourth down aerial
bounced off Carter‘s chest to break
the back of the B's bid for a last

 
  

to

“A”
Noppa, 'George, Stone.

“3’ LEAGUE—Kneeling (left to ri h
Clearwater. Lansky. Dooley. g ”

LEAGUE—Standing

With both

the victorious class.

like a close contest.
having a slight edge

intensive drill.

Possible Starters

The Sophomore team, with Cap-
from
hockey camp, will present a well
knit, hard to beat unit with such
Kellellel',
Weber, Smith, Honkcl, Adams, Eve-
leigll, Ficel, Hotuling, Murphy and
Cooking-ham vicing’ for starting po-
tied tile '49
hockey players lust full and suc-
ceeded in defeating them 1-0 in a

tain Ruth Mattlson fresh

experienced players as

sitions. This team

return game.

Tile fl'osh. however, have an Ill'i-
posing list of possible starters. BeV
Sittig, '49, Cilptuin for the fl'osh,

~l'cports thui Slli‘ is having a diffi-
cult task eliminating to the final
team. In goalie Pill. Jill, the from
team has one of the best players of
the season. 11‘ the Sophs hope to
score. they will have to reckon with
expert. goalie opposition. Otllcl' pos-
sible Il‘OSIl starters include Cri'eell.
Skldmorc, Paterson. Weller, Bl'ild-
shuw, Hicks, Reed, Stilycl', Kuhlkin,
Moginess, Powcl'y ilnd Nuffcl'.
'l‘ciun Chances

The frosh team. displaying much
pop and enthusiasm, are out for u
will. Unduuntcd by the loss of the
Campus Cup, they hope to stage a
comeback in Wednesday‘s clash
with the Blue-.luys. Most of the
fresh stili'tcl's ill‘i‘ high school
hockin veterans. The Sophs, on
the other lliuld. ['ch that the vic-
tory should be theirs although they
recognize the strength of frosh op-
position.

v':+;;:v’ ram as»; a; n vv; v v v' v v‘

v

:(‘ouis o— Suits —— Dresses
FREDA'S _
(‘l.()'l‘llES EXCHANGE
Evoning' and Dinner (IOWllHi
Evening VVI'ii]lS—~—l“lll' (‘outs
and Jackets
("outs Fur 'I‘i‘immcii & I’luiu

VEll Y REASONABLE
l'ltAC'l‘lCALLY NEW

t

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvv

 

 

i
Ph. 2-9482 1 So. Muiu Avoi

:3. massages: mmgauwm

the Sophomore and

From pre-gunle reports, it looks
The Sophs,
I gained from
experience together, will find the
gremlins no easy victims. Practices
have been well attended by both
groups throughout the fall season.
The unusually fine weather has al-
lowod both teams to get in much

ALL sill? TEAM 370st as

 

I I D >x_~i I
50- 51 To Clash Stat
In Rivalry Hockey Defeat Pharmacy ilﬁiikélimfiit $1 gfiiiiim‘inhegtil

To captain Gipp and his

win,

matches,

by downing Albany Business Col-

lege, 3-0,

bany Law School, 2-1.
nesduy State's
will be Siena.
First Game Closest
Although State won

game by

e Bowlers

State‘s bowlers swamped Phar-
macy, 3-0,
at the Playdium. By virtue of the

, State ‘um -
Phe gamel schedul_ place “0 .l Ded into a first

ed on Page Field at four o'clock,
will bring three rivalry points to feats,

Ill the other Collegiate League

a record of six wins and three de-

 

ITATI COM-III KIWI FRIDAY. OCT. 31.1.47

 '.

 

Yam-1842* H 5”}, ’

F ootba"  .téiheNEellsofm‘pih’it it: In C.“ Etna“

Veteran   .
To Play For State

 

all-star teams from the trio foot-

ball leagues.

 

SPORTS STAFF

All-Star Game

games.

the “A's”.
confident of a sure win.
will decide the issue.
on Page.

football team captains:

  
  
 

Bouquets and Banter

 

 

intramural titles.

team.
squad—congratulations.

in Wednesday's match

with RPI, each team with
a lot of credit.

Siena took second place

Blue Jays Overcome

Gremlins In Pushball

and RPI downed the Al-
Next Wed—
probable opponent

plus, it was the closest score of the defeat the fl'osh, 18-3.

evening.
beautiful

chipped in a 189 to pace State.

The match turned into a rout in
the second game with State swamp-
lllg' the “drugglsts”
margin of 269 pins, a tremendous
Marty Bortnick rolled a
nifty 223 and Bob Dickenson added
181 to lead the statesmen.

edge.

statesmen

Farley again took top honors and
was aided by good games by the

remainder

liortnlck, Farley High
Marty Bortnick was high with a

223 single and n un~ee-ganm total were highlighted by the Sophomores
of 545 Hunk Farley followed close- unveiling ii monument to those.
1y with a 202 slllgle and 545 for the players who hud gone before.
L‘Velllllg. Adslt rolled a 475 to pace ‘ ma" """"""" " ' ’ "m"
Pharmacy. Pharmacy lst 2nd 3rd Tot.
Stutc 1st 2nd 3rd Tot. Ynguda ............ .. 182 137 126 445 -~
Dickinson ........ .. 169 181 169 519 Huuck .............. .. 159 132 128 419
Cul'osclla ..  189 170 159 518 Dal-dune 137 147 134 418
Farley 202 157 186 545 Adsit ....... .. 147 157 171 475
Bortnick . 170 223 153 546 Abbott ..... .. 133 159 292
Mulliil .............. .. 156 167 105 488 Cl‘ilwley .......... .. 156 156
Total ............ .. 880 898 832 2616

 

Hank Farley rolled a From

898 to 729, a
field.

triumphed 832 to 698. White team soon

and scored five points. In this

of the State five.
they Were never really a threat.
Tile usual pro-game ceremonies

 

 

Totill ............ .. 758 729 698 2185

 

 

 

Corner of
ONTARIO & BENSON

DIAL 4—1125

—-——S[leclill Attention to Sororities llll(l Ii‘i'utci'ilities

€mil  Wagengast

“Iluy Where the Flowers Grow"
FLORIST & GREENI'IOUSE
“Sluic” Ropl'csclliiitivcs
JACK BROPIIY

GEORGE POULOS
WALT SCHICK

COLLIiX'II'} FLORIST FOE YEARS

 

 

 

 

In choosing the two
~—— teams, we tried to name a squad
which would be fairly representa-
tive of the whole leagues and still
be the best six-man team the two
leagues could possibly field. We
hope we have accomplished this.

Monday’s all-star game should
decide which of the two leagues had
the better brand of football, if that
can be decided in one or two games. middle of last weal"
The ,team captains met‘ Wednesday
to choose their own squads for the

It should be
a whale of a ball game, so see you

Here are the teams picked by the 800d thus far.

Orchids to Potter Club for their
winning both the “A” League and
The men of Pot~
ter came through a rough five game

To the Beavers We wish to say
simply, “nice going.” Any bunch of
fellows who can get together for mg.
the first time and play the consist-
ently good ball they played deserve

The Rivalry sport of Pushball

ended in victory for the Sophomores

the first on Wednesday when the Blue and
a decisive margin of 128 White rolled across three scores to

the starting whistle the
202 and Joe Carosella Sophs showed their power by keep-
ing the ball in enemy territory.
During the first half they forced
across two of their three scores and
won three points for having the
ball in the freshman half of the

Tile second half opened with two
new teams and for a short while it
The third game was almost as looked as if the freshmen

might.
in till for

Pharmacy when the put up a fight, but the Blue and
recovered itself

period the freshmen ended with
the ball ill uppcrclass territory, but

cut from the squad.

with many more planned.

this year's group, commented, “They

are a good. peppy bunch and look
We should have a

fast, well-rounded outfit this year."
All players have had some sort of

“A” League “8” League previous experience.
L.E. Schick ............................ .. Carter Only Varsity members missing
R.E. Noppn ......... .. . Clearwater this year are “Red” Evans and
C. McNamara .... .. Griffin "Bolo" Marsland. Marsland, now
“9” ‘0 “Eh” Gipp. Schick, McNamara, L'H' George -------- ~ Worden a Grad student, will assist Coach
R.H. Holliday   Lansky Hathaway with the Jayvee squad.
Worden. Carter. Miro”, F.B. Gipp ...................... .. Blavotnick Regulars back from last year’s

Varsity squad are Sy Fersh, Kenny
George, Basil Karpiak, Jack Kirby,
"Link" Marzello, Tom O'Brien, No-
lan Powell and Walt Schick. All
saw plenty of action last year so
State will open the season with a
veteran five, unless some of the
freshmen can show enough to break
into the Varsity.
intramural Basketball
Intramural basketball will get
underway right after Thanksgiv-
according to Joe Zanchelli,
Chairman. This year there may be
enough teams for twa eight-team
leagues. With the Page Hall gym
open earlier on account of earlier
Varsity practice, it may be possible
to sneak in three games a night in-
stead of last year's two games.

Drought Cancels Party
At WAAIs Camp

With a gala weekend in store,
the WAA Hallowe'en party had to
be called off because of a ruling by
Governor Dcway. due to the current
drought.

Ill the midst of elaborate prepar-
ations and extensive work by all
committees, it was recommended by
the physical education department.
that such l'l weekend would be in-
advisable.

Thc response made to this pro-
posed weekend was so heartening
that future plans are already in
the offing.

Ken Thompson and Dec Webber,
co-chnil'lllcn of the party. have un-
nounced their gratitude to all those
who put. “1011‘ time and effort into
the project. especially their com-
mittee heads: Elly Adams, Shirley
McClIcn and Molly Mulligan of the
class of '50, find Edie Paterson oi'
the Class of ‘51.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portraiture At its Finest"
o s
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

“

OPEN 8:00 to 5:80 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

TELEPHONE 1—0017
811 MADISON AVENUE

 

 

m

As Varsity basketball closes its
second week of practice, forty fresh-
men and all but two members of
last year's Varsity have answered
the call. Of the forty members who
have been practicing at the Page
Hall gym, twenty have already been

Last year’s players have only been
practicing since Wednesday, while
the neWcomers turned out in the
Thus far
Coach Hathaway is concentrating
on getting the team in shape and
Interest is mgh for this-fundamentals such as cutting, pass-
..bame of the leagues," and the ing, and shooting. There have been
“B’s” are planning to knock off
The "A's" are quietly
Monday Coach Pleased
Mr. Hathaway, well pleased with

a few informal scrimmages thus far

