 

 

   
 
     
    
 

 

  
 

  

 

 

 

   

 

  

 

 

   

  

 

  

 

 

  

 
  
 

 

  

 

 

   
   
 
  

 
 

 

 

 
   
  
    
   
    
    
   
    
      
   
    

 
    
  
  
 

 

 

 

vac-I. is

ITATI COLLIOI KIWI. FRIDAY. FIIRUARY M. 1.47

 

Prbper Perfbrmance? 7 ,, .r

The fight for teachers’ salaries and higher [state

‘ 5M4“

" Gamma-3W

 

 

 

aid approached a crisis this week when the Con-
don bill, which would make guilty of misconduct
and neglect of duty any public employee, includ- Ithasoft been said that two heads
ing teachers, who failed to report for duty “or are better than one and I'm begin-
otherwise absents himself from his position or ab- ning to believe it. But when my
stains in whole or in part from the full, faithful and partner left me for bigger and bet-
proper performance of the duties of his position ter things, I was left to free lance
. . . ”, was introduced into the legislature. The it alone. So with sweaty brow, and
important fact to be culled from this maze of clammy hand . . . I begin . . . God
technical language is that financial penalties will Bless me.

be imposed on those participating in strikes. The In“.

This was the government’s answer to 1,300 teach- Teachers salaries ,8 the topic of
ers who were meeting in Chancellors Hall Wednes- dispute now days. and n is up.
day at the time the bill was introduced. The peda- parent that no college or group is
gogues, who came from all parts of the state, adopt- putting mm, the great mom that
ed a resolution warning Governor Dewey and the we of state are, since I am a com
Legislature that immediate action on a permanent servaliVe at heart, I feel that the
salary bill is necessary to prevent “drastic action.” lfzaiirs Shgpsshgﬁﬁﬁ bgakglllmei‘liel'govg

Such action on the part of the state Senate is 8' b'n'. 'O'ther colleges" are taking
pointless and childish in View of the conditions things a lime siowen Bmckpo" is
which now exist in New York. Faced with the Just advocating a. public opinion
 or a .39.“an teachers Strike .‘his month its: stirszteszsrtrnit:
and the pOSSibility of Similar action in Syracuse teachers in New York State who
and other cities, the government has chosen a are fighting for their rights. stu-
negative and inadequate method of meeting the dents in other colleges are only
problem. The only. thing to be accomplished by $33583, lggtgraulfégfr tgeltﬁfér 
meeting threats With threats is continuing con- parents to do the same‘ Bukwe
fusion and the fostering of bitter feelings on both here shoudn’t go so far as to make
sides. the other schools look like slackers.

. . . . .. .. After all, we are a ten minute walk
Conditions are fiiithei aggiayated by Governor from the Capitol, and have an un_
Dewcys refusal to meet With representatives 01 [air mlvantaga Let's not see an-
teacher organizations. Instead of recognizmg the other boom of enthusiasm like the
situation as dangerous and in need of immediate ﬁféozﬁgzél m; litiE'Eisgge big] 11211213
and intelligent solution, the governor and his M be willing to bet there‘were “L
representatives have chosen to blockade themselves most ten state College Students
selves in their Ivory Tower on Capitol Hill and there. Tch, tch. . . .
refuse to hear the teachers’ demands. Citation

New York State has an opportunity of leading The president of Ride,- College
the nation in solving the recognized, country-wide hos publically commended the sor-
crisis in education, but the chance grows slimmer 231511123:ﬁSHJéiggnﬂectiggtﬂlgigilggf
with each new delay and evasion. Whethehor not m the pledging regulatim‘15_ It mt‘ls‘é
strikes are a ustifiable weapon in salary disputes, have been some metamorphosis to

I1 a s a a n
the Condon bill Will accomplish nothing at this time. ﬁled a presidential commendation.
Instead of dragging a red herring, in the guise of n Statef‘wmt does “9"” weak

. . “ - hold in stem for you?)
ethics, into the Senate, the duly elected represent-
atives” of the people could put their time to more Women‘s

' ' i to constructive action Champlain Couege has this to 585’
3:10:11:ng;tuffoffgegevotmg 1 about the an... situation. 

By 31.018! WORTH

The Common-Slater is 911m, the widest lam .
author of this column, although Ms blowout“ do not
tions B and C are complete except necessarily reflect those of the State College News.
for furniture and men will move in
before the end of the week! TAKE A mm"-

Advice There exists in our surety “today a rmost langgngablc

n g cm- . situation. At the presen , enoug remov rom

mfﬁveﬁg‘m  :esﬁome, 0:” us as students that it is for the most part ignored.

Noni m a few minutes_ But when we leave school with a diploma and a
teaching certificate, we fall right into the pit.

From milled Coileﬂlle Pm Reference is being made to the problem of the

The modern six-l adores spinnlns teachers of the glorious state of New York.

Whgels' but “he wants four o! them Among the latest developments is a bill introduced
a“ “’ Spam ' ' ‘ into the legislature by Senattgr Wﬁﬂﬂfﬁfondon,

Whue listening to the symphon, the Republican from Westches er. , n effect,

the other evening, Herb 33“ of would outlaw strikes by teachers.
Nonthwestem was disgusted with These jokers whom we send to Albany to pass
the static caused by a razor next laws for us fear a paralyzing strike by the teach-
door. When his hut-mate asked ers. But they refused to heed the thousands of let-
which selection was paying, Blata ters and telegrams sent from all parts of the state,
snapped, “Razor Concerto by and passed the sad $2000 minimum, without incre-
Schick." merits, instead.

, ‘ . But there is still a chance. A bill for $2400 mini-

Por the ﬁrs” mm“ m we hiStOry mum with increments is under committee now. The
of R.P.I. a woman has received a .
graduate degree Common-Stator urges that.

' (1) You personally send a letter to your senator

R.P.I. enrollment has reached a and your assemblyman to support this measure.
new high with 250 new freshmen (2) You write to your parents and friends telling
and 120 returned upperclassmcn. I1 them to write to their senators and assemblymen
i'aust cultiver notre jarden. Eh?“ and urge them to support this measure.

Fl‘edof‘lla Will 1150 t0 the Upper There are no valid arguments against this measure.
11311 0f blah) TeaCil?F'f‘» Coneges With There are actually hundreds of reasons in favor of
an Cnmnmﬁnt 01' 630 r‘itlldfil'ltﬁ this paying teachers a reasonable salary.
neatli‘m' mid 860 the fciu‘r’ﬂinf y‘i‘itfr' The right is being; carried on by teacher organiz-

 359??? See"; otha e de aliens, by marches on the Capitol, and by thousands
’31: “ytga‘fi 1291:) WP?“ ,ey gm ‘ of parents who are fin-sighted enough to want. their
La 9' 05 o y “ebr‘es' children provided for. Let’s add our whisper to that
Victory? din which is being sounded over the Whole nation.

From Santa clam comes this 1W Please, please. Nothing; so moves [1 politician 115
no gem of criticism. An amateur u letter written from ii voter from his district.
string quartet, played Brahms last Teachers colleges in other parts of the sluto are
night. Brahms lost! doing this and similar things. We here in Albany

should also.
Proposed Write to your iiciiolor and assemblyman urging him

The ext-it'diom removal of SHOW to support the $3400 minimum with increments
from the Albany streets. (I'm from r l. .

Long Bland myscn') We're happy to report that since last week chcrul
members of the faculty have offered pieces of furni—
ture for the men living at St. Mary’s Housing Pro-
ject. But still more is needed. A lot more. If any of
"You could have fooled me." your sorority houses or group houses have anything
“Know wimtche mean," at all, contact Stan Abrams.

“Tough.” . . . and so it is. c a l

An anti-cliche week—«you know
such things as . . .

 

* Dptans” From the American Institute for Foreign Trade

4 comes a press release on two former State students.
“' French for “Opportunity knocks" Thomas P. O’Connor, ’46, a member of SLS and KPK
and Paul J. Santoro are taking courses in com-

 

Faith vs. Sense

Some things at State never seem to change, and
so once again the new semester brings with it

 

(2an

merce, Customs, and languages of the Latin Ameri-
can nations. The course was started to fill a costly
gap in our educational system—an educational in-
stitution wholly devoted to the training of men and
women to live, work and do business in foreign
countries. Snntoro was enrolled in the college in
1940 and O’Connor was well known about the college

 

 

reports of several petty and not—so-petty thefts.
It is pointless to go into a discussion of ethics, A5 “ere m b m m i
~ 1 S 8811 SO 6 Cl‘ csm
standards, etc. Since people who choosehto put of the reserved seats at the recent
themselves through college on other people s money presentation of Pearl prhnus_ the
wouldn’t bother to read it anyway. This is directed Dramatic and Art Council feels an
rather to those so imbued with good faith and exPllugmonf due thﬁuswfdeng {ins-
trust that they fearlessly lcavc valuables in lock-  on 0 e “mess 5’ or ° 3
less lockers and other C'rlSlly accessmle places Thermsonnes m the budget sys_
around school. term under which we operate. The
The fact is that at least some missing articles 333%?“toaggnmgufﬁfEggtgftﬁg‘:
and money have been taken by outsiders who wan- to; the year. Tale following is the
der into school during the day or on Saturdays. list of productions which are paid
If you have a sentimental attachment for your for by this sum:
money, DON’T leave it around. TWO major productions: Suzanne

Silvercruys $250; Pearl Primus,
STATE COLLEGE NEWS

($500); these sums do not include
cost of advertising, tickets, pro-
Estsbllshed May 1916
By the Class of 1918

To the Editor:

 

grams, etc.;
3 one-act plays presented by Ad-
vanced Dramaties;

Three-act play presented by Ad-
vanced Dramatics;

February 14. 1947 No. 14 Two pages in the Pedagogue; and
M l DI ' needed $1548, Student Association
em ier str butor i 11 1 ,

Auiioclutoii (.‘oiloglnle Press Collegiate Dixon 3550 eﬁpc‘zggcgugihsliiilia byese'iiiiié

'l‘lic iintli-rgriiiliiiilc newspaper of the New York State Col.
legs for Teachers; “published every Friday of the college wickets to the Albany publ‘c' It 18
car by the NEW. Board for the Student Atll‘lfll‘lllllllll. dfﬂcun to get Albanians to sup"

bones: 'l‘t-saler. 3-0538: lluiiock. 8-1811: I'cniicr. Diinliiy. port our productions with reserved
2-0120, Kunz, 8-0287: Skolaky. 4-1007. Members of the news seats and without, it is practically
stuff my be reached 'l‘uoii.. nnil Wed. from 7 to 11:30 PM. impossible.

at 3-0
Last1 year, we tried it without
rescrv ng seats. A number of the
"l. N.“ 8”“! students arrived early and saved a
cum! r. "all!!! - - - - ID'TOI-IN'CWI' large number of seats for students
IIRNARD M. IKOLIKV . . . MANAGING [0110! who arrived at, the last minute, This
IINJAMIN RIID . . . . . IUIINIII MANAOIR incensed some of our Albany pa-
LORNA KUNZ . . . . ciacuuriou name“ trons who had supported our pro.
VIRGINIA DAV - . - - - "Om "MOI auctions regularly, and it was doubt-
NARTHA DUNLAY . . . . anvnriamo umuu ful if they would come again unless
MARGIRV FIND!!! . . anvaariamc IANAOII they were guaranteed reserved
canal. CLARK . - . o c “occur! INTO! seats. Since they (individually) con-
ANN MAY , . . . . - Aaaocura Inivoa tribute more for the production, we
ILLIN aocuroao . . Allociara loirow feel that they should have good

—— seats. This year we tried to please
ii communications should be addressed to the editor

I‘M“! be sinned. Names will be withheld upon m both Albany and the alumina by
The fl'l‘A'I‘l 001.1430! NEWS assumes no nuptianllilllly ony reserving 200 of the 1100 seats
for opinions expressed in its columns or communication in Page Hall and than by letting the
as such "press one do not necessarily reflect lta View. amdenm “u in those Beau, wmch

were left at 8:30. Again we met op-
position: by allowing those seats

 

Vol. XXXI

 

 

 

-9

to be ﬁlled in at 8:30 we are bemg as a French student and sign-remover.

criticized (and rightly so) by Al- s..__._.
bany because in the Jargon of the

theater, a reserved seat remains so
regardless of whether the holder of Callege Calendar "-
that seat arrives at 8:30 or 10:30.

 

We realize that without the initial FRIDAY' February 14‘"
fund we receive from student A550- 1:00 P.M.~Orni credit examinations in French, Ger-
Wc cannot, on the other hand, op- RiCiml‘d-‘SOIL
mam Without the support of the 3'30 P.M.~Uscd Book Exchange closes.
der to maintain a program of high Bus State-
quallty we must spend such sums MONDAY, February 17__
else could a student body see one-
uct plays as they do here with the ing Brotherhood Week, WABY.
the hat. Incidentally, the money SATURDAY' February 15”
collected at our Tuesday night per-
Harvcy Rice, speaker.
equipment for AD; 1t L3 used to 6:30 P.M.——Sophomore banquet at Circle Inn, Elton
make up the $600, we need to main-
It is because we have to reserve SUNDAY' “bum” 16"
seats. The only other solumon we 7:30 P.M.—~Speakers Panel by Inter-Group Coun-
tem would be for Student Associa- “Probing Our Prejudices."
ti . '
on to give us the mike amount TUESDAY. February 18_
welcome any suggestions.
CLYDE COOK Richardson.
schoolmates an: ally vs. The Melting Pot,” Roome 20.
Richardson.
On the last Thursday of school
kania and other talented perform- 7.30 pM H1119]
 ' . . .—— meeting, Hillel Hail, 4-11 Washln -
cis enteitnined at the Albany Home ton Avenue_ 8
I am very grateful to say that I TEURSDAY- February 20-
was able to help in their perform- 12 Noon-13:30 P.M.—-Inter-Varsity Noontlme Wor-
pentcd periodically. We have a gift.
and that gift is the chance to do FRIDAY. February 21—-
I would very much like to start an State.
organization which has as its motive
kids a periodical entertainment. 8:30 P.M.—-Senior ban net at To
Do you know any darn fool dit- Rice, apealger, n Eych D" Hm”
ing a kid a good time? Have any
old song books you dinna' wantf— s“Nun'- “bl'lm'! 33-

ciation, We cannot operate at 9.11. "mm Spamm- ‘md Rana“ 1“ Room 20-
pubnc. Comm” feels that in or- :30 P.M.——Vnrslty game, Brooklyn Polytechnic ver—
ns we did for Pearl Primus. Where

8:30 A.M.-~-Religious clubs radio program celebrat—
only financial tingle the passing of

6:30 P.M.~Junior banquet at Jack's Restaurant, Dr.
formances does not go for more

Butler, speaker.

lain our budget.
can mink of for working a fair sys- oil at Trinity Methodist Church. Topic,
01' our budget. We would, however,

12 Noon-12:30 P.M.-—Recording hour in Room 28,

8:30 P.M.-—~Speiikcrs Panel. Topic: "Cultural Diver-
in the year 19-16, members of Mya- WEDNESDAY—February 19—
For Children.
ance: but that gesture I want re- ship, Room 38, Richardson.
something for someone else. 8:30 P.M.-—-Variiity game. Saint Michael's versus
an unselfish desire to give these SATURDAY: “hm”! 23-
tles? Wanna try your hand at giv- 0:30 PM.——Rellglous Clubs Dance.
See Charles Miller. '09. 3:00 PM.—Inter-Sorority Tea, lounge.

STATE COLLEGE NIWD. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY I4. 1947

  

PACK I

 

 

Wood
6444

 

 

By FRANK WOODWORTII

There have been many complaints
about the lack of publicity for the
men’s intramural basketball league,
so we will try to summarize the
first round of play as it has ap-
peared to us. As we predicted
earlier in the season, the fraternity
league produced better basketball,
all games considered -— but not
enough better to allow us to take
much credit for the prediction. The
games have been pretty ragged up
to this point. The most noticeable
thing about the two leagues is the
amount of interest reflected in the
attendance of the student body.
There has been considerable in-
terest in the frat league especially
in the recent Potter Club-Fink
game. Apparently the boys in the
other league don't have girl
friends—-or pledges.
Running Account

The first game of the IM season
resulted in a 46—18 win for Potter
Club over Kappa Delta Rho. Mill—
lin was high for EEP with ll)
points and Privctt tallied 10 for the
losers. In the other league the
Grads hilli :in (‘Ilb‘y win over the
Social Studies combination. (The
score for this game is not. available
because Si‘lll‘il'Olli.‘ neglected the
lint-up and score of the SS, [cum
in tlic SCfll'l'iN’l‘i-Zl. flernnins cored
16 oi the il‘d'iiS 41 points. Til.“ next

glintr of ill.” Il'iii. league was: be-
lwcr‘n linogii Iic'n and Kappa Dol-
t.li. Rho. Kl‘IR lillli :i rclatiwlv our.)
time of it 1::::i finished at tho iﬂ'll.
end of :1 27-11 score llldll‘i-‘ill'l
scoring  wi-‘l split in this i.(llll(‘
with Baden “ODIIlll'! Willi it points,
Till‘ lrngiu- A" Mine was :1 close
one bvtwcvn :iic  boys and tilt
Soplis Willi thr- nod going to tho
Snphs. 24—23. Kitti‘cdgc uiul Zan-
civclli scored 9 :1l"l 8 points respec-
ll‘."i'i'x’ for UN Silﬂliﬁ and Walsh
scored H for tho SS from Sigma

Lambda Sigma took the measure of
Kappa 13cm in the tune of 33—10.
Chase led SLS with 10 points and
Rnbincnu scored 0 for KB. For the
first time the Grriris were chol-
leiig‘ctl by the Senior—Junior train,
but managed to come through Willi
a 32-25 win. Hermann again led
the Grads with 18 counters and
Barber tossed in 11 for his team.
The Finks took the measure of
KDR 32—25 in a well conducted
game.

Slaughter

In a Saturday game EE‘.’ power-
lioused a 50—13 decision over 818.
Hanson scored 18 points for Potter
Club. Hippick accounted for (i of
his team’s points.

The. Senior-Junior combination
boat the SS lcnm 36-22 Wl’ll Bur-
bcr scoring 75 points for the Win-
iicrs and Truinor leading his team
with ll.

The Finks had a clone one Willi
KB but managed to eke out a 40-30
win in spite of :1 4th quarter scor-
ing spurt socarliondcti by K()l)ii‘llZ
who took the prize for the cvcnln'r
with 15 points. Riibach led the
Finks with 10 points. The Grads
continued their Winning ways by
swnmpiiii.r the Sonlis 43—11. Coughlin
scored 25 points for the Grads.

Tn the Frat Lcaguc KDR and
SIIS battled it out for 28 minutes
with the score soc-sawing back and
forth until the final minute of tho
game when KDR madc- two fast
baskets. The filial score was 2520
Privett tossed in H) points for the
winners and Hipplck made 17 for
SIS.

EEP continued to beat down the
opposition with a 70—26 win over
KR. Feencv lcd EEP with 22 points.
anmnn made 9 for KB.
Departmental League

In the other league the Sr.-.Ir.
ovorcnmo the Soohs. 32—10. Barber
again pnced his team with 10
points while Kittredge scored '7 for
the Sophs.

The Finks continued to win bv
turning back SLS 39-31. Riibach
anti Hippick led the scorinrr with
in nod 14 points respectively. It

'v

LOCK ROW": Book Store

561,0 Spring Street
ALBANY 6, N.Y. Tel, 4-0731

We Invite you to come in and
"Browse around." 2 floors of
books.

EEP Triumphs Over Finks;

Lead Basketball League

 

State To Meet
Brookl’n Tonight;
Siena Tuesday

Tonight the purple and gold of
State will clash with Brooklyn Poly
Tech in Page and on Tuesday eve-
ning, State will take on Slena again
at Loudonvllle.

Brooklyn in mid-season ran up a
nice game winning streak that was
only stopped last Saturday at
Brooklyn by Unon 59-58. Previous
to that Poly Tech had beaten both
RPI and Union in earlier games.

The opening game will pit the Jr.
Varsity against Kappa Delta Rho.
Lisker and Beninati will pace the
J.V.'s while Privett and Stone will
try to chalk up a. win for KDR.
Elena Contest

In Tuesday nights contest, State
will try to defeat Siena on their
home court. The last time these
teams met, Siena emerged as the
winner 79-42.

This was States first inter-col-
legiate contest and with its exper—
ii-ncc the results should be different
’l‘ucsdiiy

Siviia has recently won five
straight pared by Tornccllo and
Bruda in the forward slots, 6 ft.
7 in. Gringo Weber in the center
i)!)."lll(>ll, and Pribozzi and Laugh in
tho guard posts,

Soto studcnis will be admitted
Willi thrlr student tux card and '75s.
Arrimgcinonls will be made for the
ardent basketball fans who want in
go by bus.
l‘nst Games

Last week end saw State go down
to defeat in their contests away. In
the first game State lost to Con-
necticut State Teachers College of
New Britain 81—37. Firsh with 19
points failed to shorten the slaugh-
ter. American International College
of Springfield, Mass. was States
other oi‘iponciit Saturday night and
drfcnicd them 90-47. Fersh with
28 points was high scorer.

 

might be added that this game Wns
closer than the final score would
indicate.

The final game of the first round
was :i postponed game between the
Fiiiks illiti the EB? team. The
Pinks surprised the exports by giv-
ing the EEP boys :1 run for their
Illtllli'y. According to observers. this
Skull“ was the best of the current
.‘w'ﬂli‘iiil. The final score favored
El'll’ by a 55—51 margin. Hansen led
with in points for EEP while Olivct
and Woodwoth scored 15 each for
'lu- Pinks.

(‘oncliision

We expect that the 2nd round
will be :in improvement over the
lat round, We also urge fellows to
sign the reform list for the games
in both leagues.

Tally 55 To Finla' 51,
Hansen High Scorer

 

   

 

Peggy blushes A: Marty
Accepts Winter Crown

Now they’ve done it! George
VI has his crown, Royal Cola
has it's crown, and now. . . King
Winter has his. too. Amid the
armorous “ah's” of attractive
admirers, State’s first King of
Winter Carnival was crowned at
the WAA formal Saturday night.

The Age of Chlva ” bound-
ed back into circulation has
week and State's men donned
their best mm and tucker’a
in order to impress the judges.
As a member of WAA was heard
to remark—"Gee, He even sug-
gested going to the Bout—his
treat." Something new had been
addedl

As the orchestra struck up the
strain, two pages entered the
gym carrying golden scepters.
The dancers formed an aisle
from the velvet covered throne
to the entrance. Then tremen-
dous turmoil thundered as Mr.
Martin Bortnick. accompanied
by his fiancee, Miss Margaret
Ann Russell, marched majestic-
ally to the throne and was
crowned States first King W1n~
for.

 

 

 

EEJ’.
FP 'I'P
Feeney .......................... .. 3 11
Hansen, 1". 2 18
Bortnick  3 18
Miller, G.  0 0
Mullen ............................ .. 0 10
Totals 7 55
FG PP TP
Tucker ............................ .. 3 0 6
McLaren .... .. . 0 0 0
Woodwortli . 6 3 15
Ruback ...... .. . 2 0 4
Poulos . 0 1 2
Glpp .... .. . 4 0 8
Dooly  .. 0 0 0
Olivet ..  ’l 1 15
O‘Leary .. l 0 2
Rood .............................. .. 0 0 0
Totals ................... .. 23 5 51

Fouls: E.E.P. '7 of 0; Finks 5 of 0.

Coming from behind in the sec-
ond hull, EEP. nosed out a. stub-
born Fink five Monday night, 55-51.
’f-Eolii trams battled on even terms
in the long—awaited clash and the
gum.- 'v."l.‘;il'l decided until the clos-
ing, minuli‘s of play.

litiltiillg off by scoring on early
until, the Pinks stayed ahead
‘-.l'iroii,:lmiit the first quarter. Wood—

woi Lil :. nd. Gipp provided the
Pinks '4' iizig punch while Bort—
nick, .\ ' liln iiiid Feiiiiey were
scoring Io‘ REP.

i’ouios Breaks Tie

Altor set from the side, Hansen
and Borinick laycd up shots in the
second quarter. Penney followed
with a book from the side as EEP
drew :ihcau only to have the Finks
knot the score. George Poulos came
in just in time to break the tie and
end the half: Finks 2'7, EEP 26.

After the intermission Hansen
began to find the range and EEP
drew ahead, this time to stay. Oli-
vet and Woodworth matched Han-
son‘s: shots but Bortnick and Mullin
combined to give EEP the close
decision.

Boy's intramural League Standing

Fraternity

Team Won Lost
EEP 4 O
F‘inks 3 1
KUP 2 2
818 1 3
KB 0 4

 

Non Fraternity

  

Team Won Lost
Grads .................... .. . 3 0
Son—Jr. . .... .. 2 1
Sophs . . . . , . , . . . . . . . . , . .. l 2
Soc. Studies .......... .. 0 3

 

VY—VVVVYVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV

l 4
E'I‘cicplione 4-2290 Est. 18773
E ..///rm/J /mz 7/ .(cfccmar/z. i
f WATCHES and DIAMONDS 
E 0/ Better Qualify i
l 20 SO. PEARL STREET ALBANY, N. Y.

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv

 

 

GEO. E. NAGENGAS’I‘ & SONS

Albany’s Favorite Flower Shop

ORCHIDS —— GARDENIAS — ROSES
CORSAGES for any occasion

Washington and Main Streets

J. MICHAEL HIPPICK—State Representative

Telephone 8-0434

 

WAA Council
Holds Meeting

WAA Council held their first
meeting of the new semester Thurs-
day, February 11. Coaches for
Frosh Rivalry teams were chosen
and the profit made on the “Snow
Ball" was considered.

The “Snow Ball" netted a surplus
of 340. this was voted upon by the
council and the following division
made: $15 for Student Union,
$15 for the WAA banquet, and $10
for new equipment for Camp John-
ston.

As in former years, coaches for
the coming rivalry games were ap-
pointed to manage the fresh teams.
The Junior coaches for basketball
are Dlehl and Quinn: swimming,
Tilden; and ping-pong, A. Fischer.

Gam Kap,PierCO-,
Psi Gam Lead
In Basketball

The official re-opening of the
1947 basketball sewn took place
Tuesday night when Chi Sig bowed
to Beta Zeta, 4-7, and Tommy
Moore defeated Newman Hail, 12-8.
The following night Gamma Rapt-
pa Phi bent Kappa Delta. 174,
Farrell House last a hard fought
game to Pierce Hall, 17-31. and
Sayles Hall trounced St. Thomas
More House, 28—8.

Sorority League

Beta Zeta played willing ball
against Chi Sig. Dodge, '47. was high
scorer for Bz and Duniay. '47, and
Freel, '50, tied for high score for
Chi S .

Wednesday night Gamma Kap
downed Kappa Dell; to tie with Psi
Gamma for first place in the
sorority league. Day. '47, cleared the
hoops for four points and Quinn,
'48, was high scorer tallying all
points for Gamma Kap.

Group House League

In the group house league, Tom-
my More, captained by De 1.15100,
'48, emerged victorious over New-
man Hall with Seaman. ’49, secr-
ing a 4 point high for Newman and
De Lisio, ’48, high scorer for Tom-
my More.

The most exciting game of the
week was played between Pierce
Hall and Farrell House—both pre-
viously undefeated. Both teams
showed excellent passwork and
shooting with Davidson, ’47, star-
ring for Pierce Hall with a nine-
teen point tally. The Farrell House
squad matched play for play but
failed to overcome the sure scoring
of Pierce. Smith, ’50, led Farrell
House team with six points. With
this victory, Pierce Hall holds first
place in the group house league.

The final game of the night was
won by Sayles Hall with Plcss, '49,
piling up thirteen prints as Tommy
More tried in vain to stop the
Partridge Street six. De Llsioo, '48,
was highscorer for Tommy More,
clearing four points.

 

NOTEBOOh GAMES???

LEATHER AND TUFIDE
ZIPPER NOTEBOOKS

The Go-op has ’em-w-

 

 

BOULEVARD

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

PHONE 5-1913

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL"

CAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y

 

 

S W E E T
785 Madison Ave.

 

 

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

MADISON

Home Made ICE CREAM
SODAS —— CANDY —- SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Daily

OPEN DAILY AT I A. ll. ,

S H O P
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

m

  

 

 

