 

 
 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
 
 

  

G

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

0%

 

as if

   

 

  
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

  

  
  

 

 

    

 
 
 

 

  

  
 

 

   

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

- , - - ' ' . nativ
4111059 ellglble for the Present Inﬁrmary fund re} we extend and widen in benefits our

  

( .

 

 

 

 

PM! a ITATI'COLLIOI saws. FRIDAY, gonna. ion  g I ,_ I , »  I 

' Maire. Immanc-e ‘ l -  i  " ' ‘ 80%. “we!” ‘

t i " If Strident Assoc} iation can devote two 'Asse mbly' ' I I '—"'" By 1‘ mom“ ammo! _—'—" .-
m to the insurance question, we feel justiﬁed ' - The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as

ons..b re- author of this column although his viewpoints do
gmrggeﬁapecmumai by §ot necessarily reflect, those of the Sun Com.ch
havin a streamlined claim service, EWB- , ' . r
to reduce the rate to $20.00 fa ALI» some FORMAL .
twelve monm_ But both of the” Although there seems to be some. conflict between

‘ i _ all sororities and fraternities on the campus and on-
There ‘ ' at fate whom l u o: a, democmtlc and m. companies base their rates on ex
this pla‘dewzulﬁirglgbtfib‘l; 50:3:ng but Tor the vast iglllggnl’estudent body which wants Defiance-118M 8nd count on their Other Orsmation in regards to the date for the big

‘ _ formal mentioned some weeks ago we won't even
. ' am of all reserves and surplus funds and in ,
majority 0f us it would be Jus‘ another twenty dol' tgegetpohlgibirlftil‘agmbeafgitleaction 13 vestments to back up their claims— 2:2 gage $321032: $213832?) OGtreglftstmlél 38:, only tie:
lets a year to pay back to the folks. men. millions and millions of dpuars. Checking on a mm or lcked u b t er ou1 .
A ording to the latest figures only 3 05% of The most widely discussed alter- The” “e the “demon!” and mm p p 8 Ween '3 “5'
cc , . .

amateur”, at mm see the other day, we heard from the head of the
e to the Proms“ [Jim 13 that Eiggglge ﬁx? We would be us. cafeteria that they operated at a loss during last year

_ d did not have a huge sur lus. In fact the directo
ing unsound and unbusiness like. an P . 1‘.
_ we are told, found it necessary to take a rather large
There are about ten State Educ“ cut in salary. Most un-understandable.

in devoting two editorials in theans to it. To an mm;

. At the danger of repeating ourselves, we repeat The'interest and response ofthe
' ' ' ' to .01 re in-
thlt'twenty dollars is still a. lot of money to stu- 2:22:13: my“ mowing“ mymg

dents in the financial-brackets of those at State. to the Insurance Commune; It is

'ceived full benefits from it. The total number 0
students eligible is not yet compiled but the figure lndlvldual conwbuuon). Thus 1,“,

° d all but two
' 1200. Granted that this the Infirmary Fund, even though tion“ mstltUtlonsv 5“ a o e
3’33: be a'Pl’l'ox'mately it one” madam“ momma“ and have student protection plans of THAT INSURANCE AGAIN

irmary Fund (and increase the

does not include’ sicknesses and accidents n .0“ or the other Not one of ’
. - insufficient value for the student 0 e s v This mornings assembl Wm am be de
incurred during the summer and “Cams, ‘1‘” money. has been run on a business- “1859 “mm “mmlste‘s “5 W“ a discussion of the pros ﬁnd 001?: of the ldggflegtltl?
those whose expenses amountEd to more than the like basis. Contributions and bene- mama companies or carriers n dents will be faced with three resolutions to be voted
I ' r1I .
they could save money and head-

' the number was the “at ten years b dml 15mm, their own One of these is strictly a. feeler. It is to determine
percentage. The promo“S Year or so. The benefits guaranteed were aches y a n 8 the 6 “me _ '
lower still amounting to 2.5%. not 5,, large that m the event or a plan, they certainly would have 8 n M 0f the student body only. Several things

EaCh Year, even from the small infirmary fund The first is that by voting for it you do not bind
' - - Association would so “broke”. (Last The New York State Public High , _ ' ' . _
now m effect a slzeable sum ls returned to the year when it seemed that the fund School Athletlc Fund was organized {3:11:2123: $13310!st Zigzag! poi are youTgommitted to
would have to pay 33.00—35.00 per under special insurance laws 9 P “suwnce- e companys
amount paid into the inﬁrmary fund last year was there Is no mmlmum number of stude ‘ I
i l - . I nts that must
around $3600 and over a thousand of It “:35 Te- {Egg was danger 0‘ commemble agglbgniﬁgmz‘lggtscxgl aggcﬁlgs' take out a policy before the plan becomes effective.
turned to the surplus- “’5 true that if malor 111' Y‘et u we accept the proposal to and by a paid treasuren Yet these t Another resolution pertains to the dissolution of
- guaranteed $15 worth of i'otectim f ‘ 3, ‘
the sum would have been used up entirely, but cease to be opemmg on a sound lost Soﬁyallait lyizpalnggkhgpldtheir know your way around enollllgh to get  t it you
we wonder, in View of the fact that we didn t use business-like basis. We have no £3; $93011,” interested. The ofﬁcials In this respect, we were fortunate in obtaining an
- how many claims to expect. Dear Mr H r i - l h l
6 use u this ear? ragged all have told the committee, that - *1 rs. s oud appreciate your written
w P y ﬁgggltgsléerflsoo mam: till: distill using our own plan, is financially Opinion regarding whether or not the following type
. q ' very risky. and entails too many 0: ygﬂwghntl‘irm kwgltllt: bf exempt from the provisions
le- for student manage- 0 e ew or n e nsurance Laws requiring cor-
we  Dec'de antitank! rﬁgh‘tahzgeanid 3:23:51: lflgeglllk ans 5 ml" “mounts 0‘ capital and surplus funds:
. . . .‘ as with the U. 5. Life Plan. there The u, 5, Life Insurance Company 12:03:322:51ﬁz‘z‘ilzmlaiIforpfsc“ 01' Approximately
Due to certain misunderstandings Which have are no experience ﬁgures whatso- has agreed,  we take their plan, f ll e 0, or ale axed for a
- ' - ' ‘ ' would be oing blindly into a VOW ex rience figures on State 001- '
Clarify a~ few Points concerning Our policies. risky busmgess’and would make our- leg: It may be that in three or Would such an organization, or such a fund 01--
One Of the dimes 0f the NEWS Staff '5 to “Flea selves liable for debts which may your years we will have a sound gaiiised for non-piofit benefits in the event of sick.-
the items to be printed. Many weeks, especially run into large amounts of money. llnanclal basis for setting up our mass or injury to any of its approximately 1200 mem-
- . . u iness, and because it affects so ersuade some state Agency to of the State Insurance Laws? If such requirements to
Items must be cm out Of the. ans‘ There are 0 Thefny, the State of New York has gravide the $150,000 needed by law, provisions of law are necessary, what capital and sur-
Personal grlldges 0r favoritism COllneCted With set, up a Department of Insurance to set up our own Insurance Com- plus funds are necessary by such law,
this choice of items. We print those items which to supervise and reglulaix’ﬁ byd law. pany, or Infirmary Fund (call it Very truly yours,
i v ' v ' - all insurance com an es or er to
WE deem Of this gre‘lteSt importimce to the malor p on a BMlness—llke basis of past A very interesting answer resulted from this. Ht‘l'i'
. . . . . . . anies use professional estuaries experlences, not wold guesses as to it is. Read it carefully.
opinion enters into this Chelce, but we feel, ill View with statistical experience figures the future, In reply to yum inquiry of October 5"" you are
of our past experience on the NEWS that we are which will indicate the amount °1 The Insurance Committee, its advised that an organization of the type referred to In
0 unable of 'udvin wh'lt should 0 into the
m re I J E g ‘ g these “Ctuaﬂll’s detigmlgzsfate‘s  Student Council which backs it up. licensing provisions of the New York Insurance Lil“
, , benefits Pure Y on e s 0 are genuinely interested in secur— pursuant to Section 466 of that law unless the lllcnl~
some members 0‘ Stu‘le‘“ assocm‘on have be‘ experience- They are mulled by 1“" ing for Student Association the bersliip is limited to 1,000 and disability benefits im-
Come antagonism because “tides concerning their l"; martial: 1313;385:125 giggts‘ﬁ'l maximum protection for the least limited to not more than $350.00 per person in an)
. - ' O 0,. p us un
group weie not printed. it there ‘5 no r 0m f claims. They are kept in sound money had remain financially A stock corporation may be formed to transact acci-
. l ‘ sound by administering our own dent and health insurance. excluding noIl-cluiccllllbli-
cut down some place, and we try to print hose and law. plan (overlooking the issue of sur- disability insurance with a capital of $100,000.00 and
“tides Wthh Will be 0‘ lmemSt t0 the Emilie-“t But we WOUId hﬂVe “0 experience plus and reserves). these people il. paid-in surplus of not less than $50,000.00. A mutuui
number of students. Our finances do not allow figures. “0 large reserve funds. no would be all for it. But it's un- insurance company may be organized to transact lin-
ns to run six pages every week and although we pmfessmm‘ “‘“Mlal “watame' sound. unbusinesslikie. and for too some kind of business provided it shall have not li‘sx

plan. They all use commercial inr
ﬁfteen dollars, but 3.05% is still a rather small fits have been determined sound by
catastrophe or epmemm the student done so_ should be remembered when voting on this resolutlon,
su lus when all obli ations are paid. The total ‘ ‘ ‘ I ‘ I ' V
rp 8 student for prlvate vaccinations provide accident beneﬁts for high representative has infonned certain sutdents that
nesses were paid for out of this small initial amount, extend the Inﬁrmary Fund, we Wm high sch 0018 and the“, Athletic fund he infirmai-y fund. That’s the one in which you are
up $3600 last year, how much of the $20,000 would OMS. 110 ﬁlm“ “unable ton the 0, the State Insurance Department. exchange of letters which we reprint here:
in fact for setting a premium per
. d ‘ - i .
occurred recently the NEWS feels it necessary to ever. We as student Association, to make avallable to us all of thelr u" set "D to pay benefits in the went of illness or
those when only {our pages are printed, many Because insurance is such 8. risky own plan Perhaps we could then bel‘s be required by law to comply with the provisions
what you willl). But it will have to (Name wllmwm by request)
ity of the student body. Naturally our personal keep them 3°“nd- Insurance °°m‘ be
105585 Which M“ be expected and chairman and members, and the your letter would not qualify for exemption from iiu-
NEWS than the head of some other organization.
amount of money. If we could save one your.
all the news available during some week, we must ﬁnancial condition by regulatmn
There are only two companies in the risk and We feel that every mem- than 500 boiln l‘ido applications for such lllSlli'illlt‘i'
y

“"11 "y to run them as an?“ "8 lumimblp' the weeks Uhlted States WhtCh 0"“ Students ber of Student Association will re~ and shall have received from each such applicant in
in between, Student Association Will have in bear Unallocated lAccident and Health allze it Upon tlilnlng it over care- cash the full amount of one annual premium for tin-
with us illlil accept our decisions on what should Insurance. 0‘ the two—One has 3 fully. policy applied for in on adequate amount of $20,000.00
( .hmlld not be )rimed rate or $35.00 per 5011001 your (9 i|llil slutll have an initial surplus of $150,000.00.

‘r 5 l ' months) for their policy, and the Very truly yours.

other (0.5. Life) have been able to RAYMOND HARRIS

Deputy Superintendent and Counsel.
Mad ’4 .‘belrw

The third proposal will be to go lllll‘.ll(l illitl lulu
By INESON and ROULIER

Don liansky. '40

Co-Cliairman, Ins. Comm.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class ol191O

out the plan under cmlsidcrntion. if you think ll

good. idea of. allow those who want. to have Llll‘ pl'w
toctlon offered, vote affirmative. If you ill'i‘ ll\\'.ili
of the benefits of any ltiild of insurance, Viili' \v

If you think the inl‘ii'iliul‘y fund gives t‘llmllill pi

tcctlon liiid lll't‘ (loud set against company ilisili-uln-
vote no.

 

 

 

People di'limntlc

VOL xxxn Dumber 10' “M7 No' 4 99”"3". I3" ?l';,“2ﬁ.3?'fllgl?g,,{§§ Should llvu m an “lug, One little l'omilidcl' before We gel. lost. iii the of.“ l.
Mt‘llllii‘l‘ Distributor :ﬁ:;,’t'.,ou(’,,,(::,.g.&;syn)?" the abwmal . . if there were llilj’lllll’lls’ phony lllltl‘lll this. \w'll .
Adulli'llilvil (.‘olli-trllllc l'rosii (Iiillclrluic "moral depth; 0! the 8mm Ed. [Abram]. I” uAlus'i- he cried. udnm‘mu! (3111' boat, ll.) oxpogp 1L; ‘ [“ho‘so of you “lllllll‘ili‘lmil'llll‘1
W I ' , | , ‘ ‘ Whom", "no," of comma. "my ,0. l (mull run we gulan ((lllllllll iloni lust. jllll now that. Wt it Li
llm llmiuruiiuiunu- nuwnlmlml oi llw le \uik Silllo (nl- ‘ ’ I ‘ t k w 0N0” _ .. bringing to light such things loi public i‘llllhlllllll
mg“ rm TWIN”; Imhmhm “wry WW". M “m mum“. llealulltll'“gorillv‘llltdﬂlloi Dillon in The ill-st time is the worst time, But there's nothing of the sort hurl», Wi"\'l‘ (a,
m” M m" NEW” mm" “W “1" mmm” “""mmm" nigh C‘lllli'lliclliri the grimy limo of But this is the very last limo Vi‘l‘y bum to locate it soft. spot to rub, but iii”,
Hump": MM" 2mm: WWW] “ml "WNW" I". “m; m""" lltu ll‘iw-licliglltcd idiot were a low \th follow this marry pastime. none. As fur lls llli‘ boys on llli‘ l-oinililiiiu- will
“Amati: i‘lnrk 2.0870. All-inborn at tho lli‘WN sluu‘ may in- mmm’l‘a'mu sump" o! papyrus. on _______ ,. vvl'y nilxlous i() put it llu-uuﬂhl H “Wm, (,1 mm
rt-ilvllwl ’i‘licm, iliul \\'l-ll. from 7 In ll:.'l0 In, M. iii Jillill'l. "wag scraps wow written the “my H0 a,“ on u mwﬂock 1mm; Alli-“15m. which huh. “ wry mmmml ml,”

And rulliplctl his CllSSili'li our lliii i‘cli. frequently enough.

 

lost sayings of the allclont Oriml-

mt philosophers. From the ﬂoatrzl’al I \ t l l u “H

u lllaiim its! mu woven" in motor on it) lllt‘

fiCllclUilingli ill] liclllruml illat llwso For ll Kraut colicublllu. College Calendar - - -

opiul'mlls will have as much inllu- '  -- ~v m ‘

HANAGINO “"0" 6",,“ (m modem phummphkial Still] the lisp, with n gasp. FRIDAY—(K.[Oliltli 10.‘ 1017

"WWW" ‘0'?" "mug," all have the writings of “l'vc clopml Wlill u l'opo'" 3:00 P.M.~-~-‘l’\1/btllli‘4110:0120 in
o .‘ in y ‘ mas.

 

The News Board

ANN MAY . . . .
CAROL CLARK - - -
ELLEN ROCHFORD

 

IDITOR-lN-CHIIF

lliuuli 100 Hill"

 

 

“u” “a” ‘ ' ‘ ' '  "ml" '°"°" Plaid. John. Botany, and Ogden: .. n . r) ‘ I W ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘
:T::C:SL:LNANVJ m CULAT'O‘NDV:::$:: N080. My polio confesses 4‘00 l .M.~ ilellliili.  guppy. bl.ln:\1lllll,\l~;i“:\i
' ' ' ' ‘ ' Pilllliiti llllilw "losses. Will“ Vii r “'5. “1"” Ni “
“Ml-‘3'" “Ll-V ' ' ' “Wm WM" The Hunt of her trouser H 0:00 l’.M.~~lil(iwui‘(i midi-oil Pom-r Club liuln l‘
u . . . . . auocIA‘rI IDIT ' ‘. V 7 ‘
5:2: lit-33:31 . . - . . Allocla‘l’I IDITZ: “mm “mm hulls.“ hm M "m" “WW” 0'10 PM « lilllll(Brillllllgpon lions-0 for M“! ill 3
mm sPENCIa . . . . - Allocln‘l Intros! " ‘ ' "' ""WW“ ""W "W" SA'lllIitllAY-wiui'l‘fllili‘lt ll Activities lluv
I “ma 0‘” I" mm" ' ‘ " ‘ 1-00 PM li il' l‘ i ' l P ‘flwi i n or
w~m~-—-~———~~.-~~-~~~w~~~v--~m "I just couldn't bear lliil‘l" l have it propensity ‘ ' ""0188; “3,0” ""“lmm' ’ " “i
A“ """““""“'"'"m" “1mm” l’" ““'""“"" m “W "‘““’" “"‘l mu. bur “Vim; wm‘ mmmuy' 3:30 PM.—»--Pl'cslllilutl(lil of banner to Olliss oi '
‘i‘ “"9" "‘l"“""l""" "" "m """“""“"”" Wm“ M Vim“ slmvumlwuh miller - l “w” 0:40 P.M.~~SOl)ll()lllOl‘0 Skit. for freshmen. l‘lllu- H ~11
the H'l‘A'l‘lll (‘iibLl'lilld .vl'lws dammit-rt no responsibility “it” WWW 1, much IMWF- l “lull wipe lino. mo P.M.m.auunﬂru and sun; on ])tll‘lli Mold.
'0, oplulum “Whom.” m m columns or commulllclilluiis “w” m“ til “it 10k“? '3 mm)" MONllAy‘ “wrong”; 13

But sherry

' W - ' .‘i .‘ii i  'II! 
Mum”J ma am“ very. 8.30 PM. Open initiating to disills flu [ill at

il‘ig system, Room 211.

THURSDAY. OCTOBER iii

12:00 Noon—IVCF‘ meeting. Room 20, Slowlu-i im-
riam. Union College student. spunk”

Names will lift willllielil upon request.

must bu Ilguml. {it woman I'd club her

she started to blubber.

 

Girls who are dlinlily,
I’m just mad about, 'slmply.

 

The professor from Sydney

“’ Knew enough didn't he?

   
   

,I

1..

 

mini-.1 » l v u...

  
   

 

 

‘. b _
' llillﬂ
0

s a 
Religious
Stdte'pollege News concerning the

O F'  Plan, comments made‘bythe stu-
n .   i dents indicated a general lack _of
. .. . ,3  information concerning the essen-

Student 0 . Aswﬁtton. tial detailsysuch as benefit claims.
Hillel, and ,twntin Club will co-
operatively sionpr a picnic. wed-
nesday. October; 15, on the norm
Field from 33:5;30 PM. Brandeis

the manner of premium payments.
and whether or not benefits may
be enjc'iye'd during the summer mon-
the.

Specifically, some of the questions
concerning the details of the plan
were of this nature. Would the pre-
mium increase be too great when
the individual completes school and
begins work? Would the people
who do not adopt the proposed plan

.be' left without any protection?
Should seniors support a student
plan since they have less than a.
year left of their school career?
The veterans ask if the government
will pay the premiums of this policy
as they now pay the informary fund
charge.

It was asked if the premiums
could be paid in two payments, that
is, ten dollars each semester. An-
other question raised was the pro-
cedure that should be followed to
claim benefits in the event of ill-
ness, accident, or hospitalization.

According to past experience, is
there a great enough need to war-
rant the adoption of such a plan?

Is this plan a your around cov-
erage of all student activities, either
at school or at jobs?

Can any claims be made during
the summer months, especially if
one is occupied? Does this plan
cover dental or optical care?
Student Association Insurance Plan

Another question was raised con
ccl‘ning the infirmary fund of Stu-
dent Association; can this present
infirmary fund be enlarged to offer
more benefits than the $15 now of-
fered? In other words, can Student
Association set up its own insurance
plan, at smaller premiums and vir-
tually the some beneﬁts.

Is this plan compulsory, that is,
if this plan is approved by Student
Association, does it compel the in-
dividual to take out a policy? Among

Society has his scheduled a meet-
ing for that iv _ g in Hillel Hall at
7:30 PM. .scmwiil hold its monthly
meeting, on] Saturday, October 18.
at 8:15 P, M.,and will also conduct
its weekly dispel services on Wed-
nesday noo‘rs.

Picnic Plant '

The religious clubs will work to-
gether for their picnic this Wed-
nesday. 'me chairmen for this af-
fair are Grace Friedman, Hillel,
Jean Bowen, SCA, Sophomores, and
Colette. Fitzmorris, ’49, Newman
Club. Their committees consist of
Helen Kisiel, ’48, Song Leader,
Marjorie Fusmer, '49, Decorations
and Publicity, Catherine Grant, '49,
Entertainment; Joyce Simon, ’49,
Refreshments, Joyce Myles and
Marilyn Green, ‘51, Clean-Up. Re-
freshments will be served during
the picnic and the entertainment is
scheduled to start shortly after 5:00

Brandeis Meeting .

Brandeis Society will hold their
first large meeting at Hillel Hull.
Wednesday, October 15. at 7:30 PM.
with refreshments, dancing. and
singing. Palestinian records will be
played, movies shown and A. Ben
Bieth will explain IZFA to the stu—
dents. Albany Pharmacy and RPI
have also been invited to attend.

Brandeis Society is a chapter of
IZFA and is concerned with the
study and discussion of current
Zionist issues. It endeavors to pre-
sent as much factual materials to
students participating, as possible.
There Will be one meeting a month,
during which movies, speakers, and
discussmns will prevail. In order to
acquaint students with Palestinian
contemporary life and folkways,
parties called “Oneg Shabbat” will
be held during the course of the se-
mester. Students of every religious
nomination are invited to attend.
SCA Meetings

Union, RPI, and State College stu—
dents will hold their monthly meet-
ing in the Lounge at 8:15 PM. on
October 18. The speaker will be
Vernon Grounds. After a. discussion
period, refreshments will be served.

Wednesday Chapel this week will
be conducted at the Unitarian Cila-
pcl under the direction of Berna—
dine Snydcr. ’49. John Jennings, '49
will be the speaker.

Myskania Alters
Tradition Rule

Myskiulia llils ilmiouiiccd that the
rule of “upperclllssmcu first” is sus-

pended between 12 and 12:35 PM. . I . ,
lit the entrance to the Commons. “Ollmcnce m be held 1mm in the

The judlclul orgllnlzutioli has also mom‘h' Flu‘lhel'ml‘e the council
mildo tentative plans for the elec— “mus m 1m.“ “ “31"me bm‘m'
“on of ()fl‘lcclvq for the St M“. u. oust ovor WRGB. Schenectady. This
. . iyh , ‘
smdont Houslng Group brondcusl. has been scheduled at
it was decided to suspend the rule Ulllo“ C‘lllcge 30‘1‘0l‘m‘e ll} Novel“;
due lo the fuel. that the mail boxes be"? “"3 “mum bfll‘ga women“
lit the lli'lld of the stairs tllul. tllol'c Pl‘w“ 1“ “‘0 Homei
15 ll COliﬁlllllt Jilin-ill) “it 110011 in“ Miss Shapiro has advised that any
twl‘cii those 00mg dancing Mid freshmen who lire interested ill Dc-
“105” Wm” *0 “1“” bows \Vthli bulc Council should sign up for the
might loud in ii serious accident. mum” on Acllvltles Day, whether
Tilt) Sin. Mill‘y's i‘lt‘i‘lliills “’1” b0 t‘hu‘v hnvu hud previous tllulnlng 1“
hold iii the near future and will be (10mm “IN-k or not,
t.‘li(li.‘l' the supervision of Dr. illilpll 
Bulwr. Illstl'ul'loi' lll Pollilcul Scl—
cncc. who is in charge of ilii‘ group
housing of St. Mary’s.
Dcslgllulcd to take ciliu‘gc of llll‘
Campus Queen Coronation iii. Sluic
this your were Seniors Allcu Wil-

Council Changes
Date OF Debate

Rita Shapiro '48, President of De-
bnie Council. announced that be-
cuuse of the extension of the Insur-
ance Plan program, Debate Council
will be forced to postpone its as-
sembly 'till October 31. At that time
the proposed assembly will be a de-
bate on the topic, “Resolved: That it
is to the advantage of State College
women to wear longer skirts." The
affirmative will be taken by Jo Ann
Josliii ‘49. George Christy and Ar-
thur Root, Sophomores. The nega-
tive side will be composed of Eloise
Worth and Stanley Abrams, Sen-
iors. and Abraham Trop ’50.

chnte Council expects to take

Fresh Receive 2 Warnings

li‘lllll‘ l'l'i‘sllliwn llllVi‘ been given
M‘l‘lillil \\'lll‘lllll[.'.'s. The penalty for
u lllll'il offense is an apology in

liulils and Gloria Gilbert. Ollicr illi- [llllllll‘ lil‘l'lii‘ii illi‘ Student Associa-
poliliillonis nmtic by Myslmniu ul. [pm

its weekly lncclilig were Sliiiilcy

Abrllms and William Buldwiii, Seli— 'l‘lil‘ \‘loliilol‘s ili'l‘ llul‘vey Miilk.

lillvlil lllllli‘lllllbi‘, Doris Myers and
Minimum i’luyl‘oot, Fl‘L‘slllllen.

ll. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
IITAHLIINID IDOI PNONI l-IOII
il'l CENTRAL AVI.
ALBANY. N. v.

lots, censors of the rivalry skits.
skit.

 

 

OTTO ll. MENDE

TH! COLLICI JIWILIR

108 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

United .States‘ Life Medical Expense

part in an inter-collegiate debate  ., ,  .

an?! corm- mesv.:cer.**io.iiiu1 "

stood the details of the plan. the
following poinions were heard:
One Sophomore said that he
thought it was a verygood idea if
cprried out as proposed. He said
that he doubted if one could get
this type, of protection anywhere
else for $20. and also added that the
plan is much better than the one
under which we are now operating.
Another Sophomore said that he
was very much in favor of iii-43e-

cause of the non-allocated clause“

in .the contract. He thought that
it might be adopted because of its
superiority as compared to the pres-
ent. system. He mentioned that it
might be the means of helping some-
one in school who, when injured.
might have to drop out of school
without the protection of such a
plan;

A member of the Junior Class said
that it would be no god for him,
because he already has hospitaliza-
tion and furthermore, that it seemed
very expensive.

Should Plan Be Retroactive?

It was noted by another Junior
that this proposed insurance plan
is a good one but if made retroac-
tive, it would lead to too much con-
fusion in refunding money already
in the infirmary fund to individ-
uals, veterans administration and
the state rehabilitation department.

One of the married men on cam-
pus said that as a family man, he
can’t afford to be without it. In
addition, he likes the all-around
coverage and the protection offered
while participating in sports.

Among the opposition, one stu-
dent stated that he thinks that it
is no good because many students
already have family insurance, and
that he plans to vote against it.

Another opposer said briefly,
“Definitely against it."

It was said by one male State Col-
lege student it was just what the
college has needed for a long time.

Another student said that he
thinks that is an excellent plan,
although he fears that many can-
not afford despite what has been

I G C Schedules

Events For Year

John Jennings, ’49, Chairman of
Inter-Group Council, has announced
plans for the coming school year.
Emphasis is being placed on work-
ing with other groups on campus in
order to create a genuine feeling
of brotherhood and cooperation.

After the Inter-collegiate Confer-
ence, to be held at State College on
November 7-8, work will begin on
a “Week-end in Quebec” project in
cooperation with the French and
Spanish Clubs,

In addition, a Mardl Grits, under
the chairmanship of Gifford Win-
glite, '49, is planned. This affair
will be open to all students on cam-
pus.

“Buy Where the
DIAL 4-1125

Corner of
ONTARIO & BENSON

 

8mil  Wagengast

FLORIST & GREENHOUSE

SPECIAL ATTENTION to Sororities and Fraternities

  

n a-

 Students Question insu‘ra'nCe Premiums In Poll" . Mayor Corning

~  In» a; poll taken last week, by the the students who apparently under- said about it being bidlsponsim. to,

  

A Senior said that the plan is
superflous and that he came to
study. not ' to engender ,another
bureaucratic movement. ' '

An insurance man's daughter said
that although she doesn't know the
details, it sound good. v ,

A few people while approving the
plan have no personal interest in
its adoption. since they already
have their own individual policies.

One co-ed quoetd an appropriate
idiom to favor the plan. "An ounce
of prevention is worth a pound of
cure."  ,

Another co-ed voiced her approval
as it’s being a lot of'bother to have
such a plan. since she is already
covered by a family policy.

Owing to lack of knowledge, a
third female student wanted to wait
until further discussion before de-
ciding on her sentiments.
each student.

A freshman said that he isn't rich
enough to warrant paying $20 a
year for the next five years.

From the Junior class, it was
heard that if a student can afford
it. okay; and a Senior expressed his
dougt that the plan would be any
goo .

Change Opinions

Since the discussion in assembly
last Friday, several changes in stu-
dent opinions have been noted. The
details of the U. S. Life Expense
Medical Plan are clearer and the
inadequacies of the present infirm-

.ary plan are generally agreed upon.

It should be noted that since dis-
cussion of the plan was tabled for
one week, the majority of the mem-
bers of the student body are still
in a formative state of mind. This
poll was taken, not to influence the
matter in any way, but merely to
indicate the opinions of a. cross-
section of the student body, prev-
ious to assembly discussion.

The ﬂinal opinions of Student
Association on this matter will be
established in the decision made in
today's assembly.

Nijmegen Mayor“
To Visit Albany

Last year the city of Albany car-
ried out a successful campaign re-
sulting in the collection of food,
clothing and general supplies for the
improverished people of Nijmegen,
Holland. State College cooperated
with the city of Albany ill this
drive. Next Tuesday Mayor Charles
Hustinx of Nijmegen will come to
Albany to thank the city for the
gifts Nijmegen received and to be
present when a new drive to collect
St. Nicholas Day presents for Ni-
jmegen children officially opens.

The new drive will open next
week and continue tl‘ll'u Oct. 25. St.
Nicholas Day, the traditional gift
day in Holland, falls on Dec. 5. The
gift committee will seek toys and
clothing for children up to 12 years.

Flowers Grow”
OUR ONLY STORE

JACK BROPI-lY
Student Rep.

 

 

BOULEVARD

“MEET AND EAT

iDBWZOO CENTRAL AVENUE

 

PHONE 5-1918

OAFETERIA

AT THE liOlll."

ALBANY. N Y

 

 

 

out .»

Will‘We‘lcome * .
State Teachers

Agar, UN Official
To“ Address Group
On Aims, Purposes

New York State Teachers Associa-
tion’s one hundred and second an-
nual meeting will be held here in
Albany on October 17. 1947. ‘ The
headquarters for this conference
Will be. maintained at the De Witt
Clinton Hotel.

The general session will combience
Friday morning. October 17. at the
Strand and Palace theaters. It has
been requested that teachers from
the tri-city area attend the session
at the Strand Theater, while all
others should attend the session at
the Palace theater. The programs
will be identical in the presentations
offered. Highlights of this opening
session include an Address of Wei-
come: Honorable Erastus Corning,
Mayor, City of Albany; reports by
the advisory committee on teach-
el's salaries; and an address by Wil-
liam Agar, Department of Public In-
formation, United Nations. entitled:
“Aims and Achievements of the
United Nations”.

On Friday afternoon, October 17.
a panel discussion will be held by
the association in the Albany High
School auditoriiun. H. Carolyn
Howard, assistant professor, Depart-
ment of Librarianship, State Col-
lege for Teachers. will lead the panel
discussion embodying the theme.

“Working in the Tntermediate
Grinders Towards One-V. )l‘ld Citizen-
fill 13. ’

Also at this time a meeting will
be held in Page Hall to discuss Ad-
ministration and Guidance. Dr.
Frederick Rope, executive director,
New York State Citizens Council,
will make an address entitled, “Mo-
bilizing Community Resources for
Education."

Library work will be discussed in
these sectional meetings at the
Joseph Henry Memorial Auditorium,
School Administration Building.
The general chairman is Mabel
Juckman, Instructor in Librarian-
ship, from Milne High School. Dur-
ing this meeting a talk will be de-
livered by Dr. Margaret Hayes. As-
sistant Professor of Education, State
College, titled: “Improving Inter-
gl‘oup Attitudes through Reading".

 

   
    
   
     
    
 

 
   
  
  

walk paid—lei mall!
or utlo Ideal—plan or titles--
the" stories. 000' Hull—Ii"
dsl Milli—Mm lONDOli his"
- sponsoring our material. 32 page .
IOOK glm complslc lnicrmllcn.
' “N0 TODAY—lot isle for mailing
and headllngxlio it NOW. 0090. (V.

   
    

in:
MAGAIINiS
MOVli}
RADIO

 

  

   

WRITERS TALENT c or, mc.
l067 North Fairies, Hollywood 46,. California

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

 

“Portraiture At Its Finest"

~‘

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
\'OUR PORTRAIT

" ‘-

OPEN 0:00 to 5:80 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

'l'liilrlil‘ PHONE 0-00"
811 MADISON AVENUI

 

 

