    
   
   

    
  
 

 

   
 

 

     
   
    
     
 

 

 

  

   
 
  
 
  
  

I .

 

 

, ,ti‘. ._I

STA" COLLIIII NIWI. FRIDAY, MARCH ‘14.‘1.47

 

\

"‘9 mtcmpm' It would seem that in the Senate the two party leaders
even “Mme majors would take ad. men of large stature, often providé 8

.them to observe the wheels of gov-
ernment ingrinding action.

ReVi'eW‘"Stormy" Session 0t Legislature Junk” _Edit0[3
For. Benefit Of Uninitiated Spectators To Attend  

é'rrlie student body oi State 001- , h
‘ Most of the Legislatures work is I

lace ‘8 Emulate in hum: the leg. done in committee The day of the P M ‘
mum mm at the State so close persuasive oratory is over. However,  

 

The three associate editors of the
TATE COLLEGE NEWS. Carol
a Bond Show' Clark. Ann May, and Ellen Roch-
Tms “mm 0! the leglsla'm” has ford, Juniors, will attend the Twen-
' been a stormy one' (rougher 1." the ty-Third Annual Convention of the
But recent smeys’ by an unpar- newspapers than in the Capm’D' Columbia Scholastic Press Associa-
tlal agency. (“3010688 that most ’93" Teachers’ pay, the veterans bonus, “on Thursday through Saturday.
dents of State never enter the Sen- an album, high budget, an an“. March 20' 21’ and 22‘ The theme
ate or the AssemblY- So here is a strike bill, and other volatile sub- 0, the convehhoh' which is hemg
brief summary Of legismuve pm- 18°“ have brought 9’ "mew 0‘ del' held at Columbus University in New
cedlu‘e ‘Or the uninitiated. egations to AlbanyI York  Is “The  Press—
If you have aha pair‘seavmgl‘l‘cz: (t3 leﬁgson‘fwggmglggddogs $313 gala gzlglilgiglgeht of International Under
plod your way roug e er .
hallways to one Of thetiganeﬂets' 3:1:  afiereigtleilllﬁll‘cnﬁg atelietlgr- This annual convention will unite
u you have m: “aiming...” ranged so as to avoid bringing ies- the school presses of the country
through hours 0 mu 6 1 ht f' islation to the floor while interested in meetings, conferences, and dis-
you my be treated to the s 8 0 cups were in attendance. cussions with student editors, fac-
a 'fuu dress debate on at b22133: nghe latest and according to local ulty advisers. and professional jour-
ﬂoor. 01 course you mus most lesolute appearing nalists. These meetings will cover

vantage of the opportunity afforded

 

State Becomes "Superior"
At Plattsburgh Conference

or course, we here in Albany
realize the superiority of our
Alma Mater, but after the con-
ference that was held in Platts-
burg last week, I‘m sure the
other State Colleges in New York
do, too.

The reasoning behind this
statement is easily understood.
You see. every time one of our
loyal representatives wished to
refer to the school that had sent
him, he would merely say State.
The fact that the conference was
only for State Colleges didn’t
bother these students in the
least. However, it soon became
the standard “joke” of the other
delegates, and ill this way we
became known as the “superior
State."

Gee, aren’t you glad that we
sent such wise members of our
student body to the meeting and

 

aren't you glad you go to State?

 

ful not to lean over railings. drop Dispersion to march on Capitol Hm all phases of writing, editing. pub_

 

he benches, or smoke. delegat
gig (Ifoajtm‘lln Ere not in agreement was a delegation of subway em- lishing. and delsmg stildent Dilb-

'with the speaker you must remain ployees and bus drivers. These rep- lications. 

ity
silent on punishment of being shown resentatives of New York C Round table meetings will be com
the door. transportation and public workers ducted by student leaders Friday

arrived m 9‘ specm seven'car tram afternoon. while the popular clinics
Faculty Attend

 

mgm‘gggaoﬁvggﬁz?g abﬁfarlggmgg will be given on Thursday afternoon

ployes.
The city of New York has been

Entertainment will also be in—

(Contlnuedfrom PageS Column-9) have been asking for increased tax— _. is silly and inefficient, for. as far
i cluded to produce a well iounded as my experience goes, only one or_

ganization uses their space much,
if at all. If the office railings were
removed, deiiks and tables rear-
ranged there would be much more
space for dancing and night affairs,
although the ego of some small or-
anization mi ht suffer.
infficient ping-pong equipment is use what we have and with a little
on its last legs. M.A.A. and W.A.A. _
equally to its tremendously.
maintenance. There are two ping-

ing powers to meet demands for in- . _ _

position, consistent behaviour, in- creases in teachers' pay And an giggiiiglgevolvmg alound the cen
W655 1n pupil’s Di‘OblemS. ﬂeXi' through the session We have heard '
bility. use of recognition and praise. about “That surplus", “the man on
unusual proficiency in presenting the second Hoof", “those 1: ltgilg
subject matter. years in Wash ngton", an “ e S . . 

I discussio on the problems of mandate 0f the people"'  an

n a n .
“Wing adequate Pmb‘ems m r“' disfiﬁisdﬁmél “it? iiiié‘i‘itu‘i‘él i? Z N R h R I
“I areas' Clifford P' Amher' Of the person desires to know just what   u 

f Education of the Uni-
omega 0 t action was taken on a subject such (Continued from Page 1, Column 3/

as marriage annulrriehtshdhlgyglt he

harder to gist nOW. g i' S) e e ' as fraternity matters are at the

reasons given mt, “ingoteacmrs for ter read the morning paper. It is presem “me.

leavmg 6 pro 8550 ' hard for the uninitiated to under- A150, according- to the proposed
In the Wednesday session build- Stand the raw material Straight plans. ruslloes could enter sorority

ing trends were discussed. Such im- from the f100r- houses and telephone

provements as audio-visual aids and women at any time.

nditionin schoolrooms for eye- would be placed on more coke par-
co g ties and open houses to better ac-

versity of Minnesota, stated the
low salaries was one of the chief

 

gesfcd.
At the ninth general session, the Pcnalize First Offense
Honorable Robert A. Taft outlined 0 ar enter
a has“ for federal Educational aid- for the first violation of rushing

At the tenth general session, Fred Miss Mary E, Cobb, College Li-

Waring' Speaking on mUSic educa' brai'ian, announced that the library new proposals, one offense will re- haps some of the surplus could be

rich stated that group singing is has received a letter of acknowl- suit in the denial of the individual
the key to musical culture. edgement for the 51x cartons of from attending the buffet suppers.
ity

The convention was entertained bOOkS donated, by the mo“ , '
Tuesday night by Phil Spitalny and thi‘ough the 11bi'ary. t0 the Alina:- ——
his all girl orchestra and chorus anLﬁfOklcenm for war Dev Sm '
and by a session of “Information 9 ‘ rar es-
Please" with John Kieman as the These books were collected last 

month in answer to a drive to ob-
feat’ure Speaker' tain books of a scholarly nature for
“Portraiture At Its Finest"

the depleted libraries of foreign uni-
versities.

Some of the more notable victims
of the war wore the universities in

  Belgrade, Naples, Louvain, Liege,
'I F I and Maililla. Even in areas where
I   the libraries were not damaged,

. scholars and research men were out

(Continued lmmPage 1’ 001mm“) of touch with recent books and per- ~ Q
iodicals.

scene of the small concession, name-
ly. Kappa Delta Rho's Bingo Game,
Farrell Hall’s pitch penny conces-
sion. Kappa Beta’s fortune tellers.
Potter Club's freak house. and Beta
Zeta’s shooting gallery, and St.
Thomas More Hall’s penny arcade.

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

 

LOCKROW’S Book Store
56% Spring Street
ALBANY 6, N.Y. Tel. 4-0731

We Invite you to come in and
"Browse around.” 2 floors of ~ ~
books.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2 BARBERS—NO WAITING
210 Central Avenue Albany, N. Y.

Prizes will be awarded at the
finale to the best concession, the
best show, and the organization
making the most money. The con-
cessions and shows will be Judged
on the basis of originality and at-
tractiveness. Tile judges who will
also serve as chaperones for the
event will be Miss Catherine New-
bold, Instructor ill Social Studies,
Dr. Varicy Lang, Instructor in
English, and Mrs. Lang, and

 

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY

Evenings by appointment

 

811 MADISON AVENUE
TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

and Saturday morning. Besides the recreation: the 0
would ouuaw Strikes by public em- number of sectional meetings sche- mons is dirty and needs a gen

duled, there will also be several cleaning,
general meetings for the publica- perhaps some co

should

To the Editor:

We have, at State, one place of
ommons. The Com-
eral
overhaul and paint job,
lor other than the

’I C I
Working in an Effort to Obtain State tion taff as a Whole. yellow of classrooms and hall. The
   aid in various forms. Upstate cities 5 arrangement of so-called “offices”

contribute

The in-

Statc; To Debate
Cornell Squad
Next Thursday

State will meet Cornell University
in a debate Thursday, March 20,
at 7:30 PM. in Room 20. Mary-
ellen Diener, ’47, President of Debate
Council, has announced that State
will uphold the affirmative of “Re-
solved: "That industry should pay
a guaranteed annual wage.”

Lou Rabaneau, ’47, and Samuel
Scott, ’48, will take the affirmative
for State, with Arthur Bustein and
Herbert Hadison upholding the neg-
ative for Cornell.

Limbacher Coaches Team

Mr. Carl Limbacher, Instructor in
English, who is the faculty advisor
for the Council, has been coaching
the team. Cornell is stopping here
for the debate on their way to New
England. Miss Diener has stated
that a decision will probably be
made, but as yet, this isn’t definite.

Drew university, whom State de-
feated two weeks ago, has been suc-
cessful in defeating Harvard Uni-
versity.

Cancel Union Debate

The debate with Union, scheduled
for last Wednesday was cancelled.
but Debate Council is planning to
meet St. Vincent‘s squad before the
end of the semester. Miss Diener
also stated that there is a possibility
the Council will “go on the road".

 

place used as much as our Com-
mons is. Let’s see a little co-opera-
tion between M.A.A., W.A.A. and
Campus Commission with some
goading by Myskania, Student Coun-
cil and all of us. We can’t have a
Student Ul’ ion now so we'll have to

effort we can improve what we have

Harry O'Meara, '49

pong tables under the perister be-
tween lower Draper and the Com— Dear Editor:

mons. Why aren’t these put to use?
Shuffleboard, darts, chess. checkers happening during the

sorority and billiards (I believe there is a weeks, Things have been disappear-
Emphasis pool table at Sayles Hall) should be ing from the Lost and Found De—

providcd for.

Something very serious has been
last few

partment in lower Draper. Since

' ' kept locked and I

f t and enmienc were Sug‘ ' Tile Commons is lucky enough to these boxes are
com or y   quaint “1511995 and 501‘01‘1ty women. have windowa high up near the ceil- am the .only person who has the
illg. The expense would not be too keys. It is certain that Someone is
great to buy several fans to suck taking these articles through the

This would be especially

used for this.

Formerly. there was no penalty some of the stale air and smoke out. slots in the top of the boxes.
recom-
regulations but according to the mcndable 'm the winter time. Per- low when

All I can say is that it is pretty
someone steals things
from the Lost and Found depart-
ment. I’d appreciate it if anyone

The tables and chairs are quite who sees students around these box-
battercd and will soon be unscrvice~ as would let me know, and I'd also

able. It is not enough for the admin- appreciate it if this stealing would
isti'ation to provide furniture. Ero- stop.
vision should be made to replace old
and broken chairs and tables ill a

Pearl Pless,
Head of Lost and Found

 

 

Dr. Robert Rlcllow, Assistant Pro-
fessor in Social Studies. and Mrs.
Rienow.

' i I . . '7 (
Joan Alvcrson. and Alice Knapp, ' l‘lki’hW‘v 4 ~2)0
Seniors. are in charge of prizes i ( . ( I
Ji/(wd [rm // ./('(/ llHl/l.

with Wilma Dichi, '48, Frances ,
WATCHES and DIAMONDS

rvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvwvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv?

list. l877<

Flanagan. and Jean McCabc, Soph-
omorcii, as treasurers. llelcll Kisicl.
Dorothy Difiin, and William Bald-
win, Juniors, havc planned the fin-
ale, and Marion Vitullo, ‘47. will
lead the singing.

The general committee assisting
Miss Prindic includes Eloise Worth
and Gloria Gilbert. Juniors, Jean
Pulver. ‘49. and Geraldine Cooper-

0/ Better Quality

20 So. PEARL STREET ALBANY, N. Y.

sin of tomorrow.

Sizes 4 to 9.

This new genuine hand-laced moccasin with $ 
an Indian styled vamp and lock-stitched -
molded rubber sole, makes this the mocca-

W: WM‘WCOO'
MOCCASINS OF DISTINCTION

College—

postaoo paid
Insured

ln colors tor every occasion. Sun-Tan, Charcoal Black, Snow-While, Chocolate
Brown, lipstick Red and a smart two-lone combination of Brown and White,

 

per pair.
NAMF
ADDRESS

COLLEGE-DEBS, Box 60, Portsmouth, N. H. Pllrl Silo Color

Picnic land ma pastpaid ~Inlurod, the following \
Collage-Debi. Enclouil illld money order for $3.93

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i-xxiAAAAI-A-xx---x-knxiA-IIIAIIA---A-LA-I-AA. g

 

man. ’50.

 

 

 

    

 

     

I '2'» W ML
 sf; ‘*

. won‘t-gs.

as

 

' VETS}, .Tf‘ﬁ‘l



   

      
  
 
     
       
  

  
       
     
   
   
    
   
  
  
  

    

 

VS‘I'ATI GILL”! NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 14. I947

 

 

 

 

 

[spew swap

[MAA News State. Downs  'l

Final Play-Otis

 

By PAULA TICHY

again.
usual or unusual good taste th

 

own a camp" was thrown to tll
wolves.

 

By FRANK WOODWOR’I‘H

that exists in this school.

bowling lists were posted. The re-
sponse to ping pong was fairly good
with the result that the matches

seems to be at a near standstill. At
the time of writing the only visible
evidence of interest was a list post-
ed by KDR. At this rate there will

be four teams in the league—all
frat teams. This seems to be a
pretty poor representation out of

Apology Due

We seem to be working an endless
game here. A few fellows approach
us and ask why MAA doesn’t do

something. We proceed to pounce 13’ if)!“ the summer students because Jl'.-Sl'.'.‘i bout the Soplis, 26—24. Al Dickinson in two close games. 21-
on MAA for slipping up on the Job. there ale no extra—curricular activ- Bonhmh was high rm- Lhc Sophs 19. and Mullins topping Heriweg.
Next MAA makes a big effort to get “105 30mg 0“. A150 W5 the best with fifteen points.

fellows interested. Finally, after all
of this long process has transpired.
we find that only a very few fellows
were interested after all. All this
has three very bad results:

1. It puts MAA Oil the spot be-
cause of our criticism.

2. It puts us on the spot for being
critical without real justification.

3. It does not get down to the

real problem which is to seek a fillc if the support of the camp is Captain for the team.

means of fostering athletics.

As we see it. a relatively small ah‘eqdy It would be a good ticcs will b0 l ‘11 ' -l ‘- ' v  ~
. .. - ‘ - - 1311100 . 1H NH butmdny Tllc llnyoiih in both tourue s will .
number of men ale j)alt1011)hting ill {or practical mlme of high school from icil o'clock until twelve. Ml‘. Luke [place on Apr“ second. y Kmpmk """"""""""""" “
SDOI‘tS ﬁcthlth‘S—AND THE SAME students lll outdoor activities with Joseph MOSSICI‘. 01‘ LIISIIUC. has been

FEW MEN ARE ACTIVE IN EACH

SPORT- Our Dl‘Oblem 15 L0 seek the could be l'llll as a business orgall- km“ .VCHIV .
forgotten men (by their own choice) jzauon of student body with pay. matches will bu scheduled bctwccll Cf’m“ "0 m" pracuccs “L Milne 0“
and to get them interested. The mom of fees by people attending, the Stiltc Colicgc Lcilul illl(l LilSallc, b‘mu'dm”

softball season will begin very soon
after Easter recess and we want to
see at least 8 teams ill the league,
and more if possible. You don't
have to be a “hot-shot" to play;
basketball emphasized that. All we
ask is active participation.

Basketball Excerpts
Tuesday night saw a double-
header iil Page gym. Ill the first
game a heavily favored Senior-
Junior combination took a dubious
26-24 will from the Sophs. (Some—
thing should be done about the
scorekeepcrs.) At any rate the game
was unimpressivc from start to fill-
ish with the edge going to the
Sophs ill team play. Al Bciliilati
led the scoring column with '
points.

In the second game the Finks
outscored a spirited KDR team ill
the second half after trailing
through the entire first half. Final
score was 43-34 ill favor of the
Fillks. Gipp ilil(l Ruback looked
good for the Fillks illl(l Dickinson
and Stone were outstanding for

During U
the past week both ping pong and regardles

Glanclng over the answars

of this program.

tained it’s a good idea.

Sweeney, '47—It would not only KDR ill the lead ill the first half
be good for the college kids while as Stan Gipl) and Hank Rubac'k
are already underway . In spite of ill college but would help them as Wei‘e SCOl'illg for the Finks.

this, however, the bowun lea ue future teachers because camping ,
g g will be playing a big part in high 0W"? Leads Finks

school curriculum in the future.

R. Johnson, ‘50—Ye5.

“Super Sleuth Sports Snoop” has I n kl

returned to the scene of the time
In accordance with our

query, “Do you believe that Studen‘é ball Leagues neared conclusion and
Association or the college should

it the Departmental League the Jr.‘
It seems that we always have seems that State is strongly in favor 513's beat the sophs' 26‘24' Five

something to gripe about so this

week we will take a crack at the Lubcy, ’48—If one were being offs between the first two teams ill

so-called indifference to athletics planned {01" it 5110"“ be provide‘l Bach league
or on the same basis as Student
man. As for the idea itself ir-

s of how the money is oh_ half the Fillks nosed out KDR, 43-

Hartwick iTiltSeason Finale
I I ‘ Fcrsll HiglrShcarcr 3
In Second. Slatc“W in

Fresh ‘ from their. decisive victory
over ‘Pl'attsburg and pointing .for
their fourth win of the: campaign,
the Purple and Gold Journey. to
Onc‘oilta tomorrow night to take on
a strong Hartwick five in the zfin‘al
game of the season. The l'llarsity
is definitely “up” for this game and
would like nothing better than, to
return with a win.

 

Competition in the MAA Basket-

playofi‘ games as two previously
scheduled games were played this
week. In the Frat League. the
Finks downed KDR. 43-34, while in

e

more games remain to be played in
the second round before the play-

Comlng fronl behind ill the second

34. KDR led at half time. 21-17.

“Diz” Dickinson and A1 Stone kept Strengthened by the addmon 0‘

two stellar players, Hartwick will be
a tough nut to crackf Playing at
tile center'slot for the Indians will
be George “Zeke” Zelie, a 6’1”
sharpshooter, who joined Hartwick
in mid-season. Zelle tallied tiventy

 

TOM O'BRIEN

 

Returning ill the second half the

Fillks began to click as “Red”

serve as an incentive for 5911001 field goals. Stone and Paul Merritt

spirit to have a camp which is kept the score close but Ruback's

"State."

. G. Miller, '47—~I think it would be end.
the total number 01 guys in school. nice but also I think that most 01'
the student body is too busy to put

much into it.

_W. Baldwin, '48—It would be bell-
eflcial for all students and especial-

season for that type of recreation.
it'd be better than swimming in
mud ill the 6-mile water works.

J. Cafaro. '50—N0. A campsite
would be foolish. unnecessary and
cause hardships. Wily be uncom-
fortable when you can be comfort-
able? Camps remind me of camp
fire girls and camp fire girls remind
me of . . . oh well.

.1. Morley. '50—1 think it would be

wasn't placed entirely on the stil—
(icllt body—we're paying too much

student teacher supervision. It

like regular school.

Stone Announces
Bowling Tourney

Al Stone, Captain of MAA bowl-
iilg, has announced that the tourna-
ment will be run on ii illuldicap
basis and will be two rounds long.

The most convenient. lllci.llod of
giving the reduced rate will be to
charge each mill) :1 quarter for
every game he rolls. Cilptullls of
each team should keep u duplicate
score shoot. At the close of tin-
toul'ilillllcilt, these sheets will be
consulted sud to each man ill Llli‘
league will be paid ll llickcl for each
gums that he bowled.

Tllc scllcdulc for tho wcck of
March 16:

Tucsdlly, 413(k- SIB-EEP.

KDR-Vlilld l-iilil.

Thursday, 4:30—SLS-KDR.

EEP-Vilild Hull,

 

KDR. Fore a more detailed lic-
couut of tile giilllc. we refer you to
Louise Dodge, ’47. who saw the cu—
tirc gulllc from the edge of her
seat. For bluscd versions, soc cltl'lcl'
Dizzy Dickinson or John Dooley.
For the least (ictlillcd version. soc
Sullivan. (cht week it'll be your
turn, Bropllyi)

H. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
IITABLIIHED lﬂOl PHONE ‘ “136
157 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. v.

Marsland and Evans Bowing Out

Leading an aggressive State squad
MAA is sponsoring a ping-pong isntgotea‘ﬁion “1 $119}; “gidgage 1“
H x .‘ , _. T . very w ‘,‘ e " vans
i‘OiilllillilLlll: this bpllllg, With Al and “Bold, Marsland' Paired at
Stone ill charge. In the mells Slil- the guard post. thetwo Seniors have
glcs only two games have been been the main cogs in State’s de-
plllycd with Sullivan defeating fame a“ 59350“ and Will be sorely
missed when they hang up their
State uniforms for the last time.
Tile squad feels that they are 'a
M111”, On”, Mmgolml Wemer' better team than the one, that bow-
Zippill, McLarcn and Sharer have ed to Hal'twmk earner 1“ the seasonv
drawn byes In the first round while 56'62- Mid Wm be Wt t0 DTOVG this
Weber will play Hoyt, Gordon will tomorrow mght-
hike on Noble. Walsh will try to

ability 1.0 get the ball off the boards  

and score the tops paid off ill the
Rllback and Stone divided
scoring honors with Rubllck gciiiu':
thil'tccll and Stouc twclvc.

.lr.-S‘r.‘s Down Soplls
‘ Led by Joe Carosolla who dulllpcci
lll lOlll' fit-1d goals and a foul. tllc

Eggert Schedules

 
 
  

F '  clci'cni Horsman, Wagner will try to STATE FG FP TP
L01) Louder, McCliiitock will take on

  Clll'isty. Bl'oplly will try to vnn- Schick ............................. .. 3 0 6

I ‘ quish Baron and Wingate will play Fcl'sh  .... .. 7 3 17

Th? WAA Flincmii' Willi bt‘tiii“ 1‘15 Eaton. This round must be com- Marzello   0 1 1

new season“ last week with it. lJi'ﬂC' plctod by March 20 and the winner George .... .. _. 6 1 l3

“‘er hold. 5" Ul‘my mommg 1“ the must Lllkc 2 out of three games. Kirby  .. 2 2 6

Mllllc ngli gym. Peggy Egg'crt. '48. O'Brien .... .. 4 0. 8

Eight teams have signed ilp for Evans _ , . _ . I e e __ 0 0 0

__ V I Lllt‘ doublcs. The first round must powen ....... H 1 0 2

v (“001de L0 MISS Eliili‘i't- lil'iiii' bc plilycii off by tho 19th of March. Mal-51mm   5 0 10

3 0 8

engaged to instruct the group :Lg'lllll ‘  ' "NM " Tomls """"""""""" " 31 7 69
Later ill the season, PLATTSBURG

FG FP TP

Baker  .   .. .  7 15

  
  

with possible llluicllcs between other

i
whmh Reports from thosc who are fcnc- Blanchard  0 0 0
" illg this your show that enthusiasm Davitt . . , , . . . . . . . .. 5 2 12
Classes for Beginners ll: mmlll “I”: “If” SliOI'g/E’n-lhoyehﬁ by {111‘ gig?”   (3) (2) g
_  . .l   .| _ r ccort mg .0 i'Oh’l, or v urply, ' rep ,.. 
g,.m“lﬁ,’5,,fff. {9.1,};th"‘hlhhcﬁnclfhl’ “It's full. We gci. enough exercise Brailnigan  5 4 l4
Mhlhhm “homer. 'th Mmjghmh to lost. all WCOk from these Satur- Griffin ......... ..  0 g 3

day morning practices." while Meg Lararando .................... ., 0
Hoci'uci', '49, had this to offer. “Oh, -—~ — —

my aching 1111150165!" The fact that Totals .. ................... .. 20 12 52
some tiluc. Miss Eggcl't urges all

lilcrc arc to bc masculine opponents
‘ , . _ Fouls: State. 7 o. 11; Plattsburg,
studculs ultcrcsicri lu ii-uclllg to

has also added to the appeal of the
sport. 12 of 18.
MW! fig/6’.

CONTI CASTILE SHAMPOO

presents

TllE TREASURE llllllll
0E SONG

louilillg Stars of Illc Mclmpoliiun Olllilu
llciu Allltillosu ' Jun l‘iicrco - Frcmrnbco VfilOllllllO
Dorrlilly Klrtloll - Risu Siuvulls

 Exciting Contest Foalurol
Will 3 Days ill New York
ALI. EXPENSES PAID

Every Thursday Night
WABY —— 9230 l’. M.

Seaman, '49, Miii'lllil Murphy, '50,
and Audrey Evclcigll, '50. Classes
for bcgillllcrs will be llcld iii. thc

 

 

Emil  Wagcngas't

“Buy Where the Flowers Grow"

FLORIST & GREENHOUSE
DIAL 4-1125 OUR ONLY STORE
SPECIAL ATTENTION to Sororities and Fraternities

 

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

 

 

 

lN'l'RA—M U “All LEAGUE

 

 

BOULEVARD

PHONE
"MEET ANI) EAT

iQB 200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

STANDINGS
FEAT LEAGUE Wou Lost
EEP .......................  .......... .. 7 O
Finks  .. ,. 5 2
KDit 1i 4
81.8 .... .. ..  ... .i 5
KB .................................. .. 0 7
DEPT. LEAGUE WOil Lust
Grads ii i
Jl'.-Sl'. .. (i l
Soc. ..... .. l 4
Soplis  i ii
Fresh 1 3

 

 

 

swear SHOP

785Macﬁquvca Ml}:

{Cootvw’i n4 ﬁlm/p, )
Home Made ICE CREAM

 

CAFETERIA

5-]013

AT THE BOUL”

SODAS —- CANDY — SANDWICHES

ALBANY‘ N- Y' Luncheon Served Dally

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OPEN DAILY AT I A. I.

 

 

 

points as Hartwick carried siena --

I I
It would O'Lcary found the range with four 5 Ping  lgzgggagh glertime period recently,

Manors-muwx. 

   
   
    
        
         
        
      
     
    
     
         
       
        
         
            
        

 

‘wcwxiamm‘ immrv. . _‘

mum», annual:sz

-»wrmv-n~««ai&1. Animu-kwslk“:

  
  
  
 
     

