 

   
 

 

 

 

2
l
i
i

 

  
  
  
  
 
   

 

 

 

Thch‘pl'l'land . . . ’

 

no: a

.. ,-,. .

   
 

STATI COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY,_MARCH 14, 1947

 

Dr. John M. Sayles retires from position as Presi-
dent of State College.” Just a few short words end-
. ) )
mg a great man 5 great work as State 5 number one feet, last Tuesday when Advanced

personage‘ Dramatics closed its successful sea-
To we, the present students of State, Dr. Sayles 50" 0f one-act Plays With the pre-
is as much a part of our college as Minerva her- Ziggﬁtlon of a °°ntra5t in trage'
self. And there have been times in the past when '
we have wished he were just as passive as our god- for attempting so difﬁcult a pm
dess of wisdom—the day the summons arrived for ductmn as the st. Jothalome M_
the lecture on assembly cuts, the days he poked ram That she diam, succeed com_
his head in the P. 0. door and announced his (lis- pletely was not entirely her fault.
approval at the littered untidiness, but his fairness The play itself is & dangerously

. . . - ~ 'dy one and far too long to hold
. rn n a des erate dilemna into a W01

and ms ka Of w I g p . the interest of the audience. It

hearty laugh prompted a feeling of respect and dragged especially during the scene

affection in all the students he encountered preceed‘ng the decapitation “ M155
Telian had been less sparing with

And while “Who’s Who” records lofty deeds of the 50155013. perhaps the play Would
. .. , . , . . . have been less tedious.
his instigating id courses and Winning Phi Beta
Kappa keys, we will remember his poking about
. g . _ - - The lighting and the make-up
in his pct shrubs and the surprise we experienced were adequate; the costumes were
the first time he looked up and remarked about terrific! We seldom mention out-

- ,, . { , Va - i) right the members of that hard-
that! Shdrp Jada youre Wcmng' . working class known as “produc-

, . . . . tion committee" but We feel that
- . ' )- x . i
His years_of experience as l iincipal of Milne this is a Special case. SO. we are
acquainted him only too well With practice teacher proud c3 Warn the orchid of the
blues and the Milne High llltllildl‘JS that infect our Week t8 11,0115 Fiélamn who did such
. - ., . a won er u jo on the costumes
. c i - . Y
semOl StUdIePtlf’ hand  .Spelclall  md Olﬂuntlﬁlt With only the odds and ends in the
standing wnc e acnnnistcicc aong WI 1 a costume_,.oom to work mm
extra pinch of humor, always eased the burden. T} t m f t t
. I -‘ ' _ 18 SE W215 ra 181' un 01' unit e.
Dr. Sayles used 35 ills, “Mlle, SONS: 11115 19W“. Var”? Why is it that our stage crews a1-
tlon 0f the Talllllldr dddge, lm no. clap dill,‘ doll t “rays construet Sueh Suxnmetricﬂl
tell me your troubles.” His variation—“1m no masonry?
chaplain, but tell me your troubles anyway.”

By ASHWORTH

 

Burlap had its night, to good ef-

Orchids to production committee

About the cast . .
State has lost a good President but we’re sure Miss Feltnn gave a polished per-

she hasn’t lost a great friend. You know where formﬂme- We “lied he" gestures
‘ _ , m and the way she used her body. We
the key is, Dr. Sayles, drop in often, wont you? feel, however, that she was not
wicked enough to be the immoral
Salome. She did not reach the
heights demanded by the part.

C I '
  ' ' ' Miss Hilt was miscast. She was

I . . _ not the hard, incestuous woman who

From the paint-smeared floor in the Annex-to was the Queen. Her voice was not
the actors echoes in Page, A.D. has fouglita Will- husky enough to sound ash,“ij
ning battle to regain its former place of import—

ance on campus.

Miss Telian is to be complimented '

4m

and BARSELOU

Gama-Stat»

 

 

a fact which incidentally applies
also to Miss Felton.

Mr. Chase has improved tremen-
dously since his debut last fall. His
character was not consistent, though
he had his good moments.

he lacked the fervor demanded by
the part. We feel that he didn’t be-
lieve what he was saying.

The supporting cast was fair. We
wish someone would tell that guard
that “ridiculous” is not pronounced
“ridickelus”!

High-spots of the play: Salome’s
dance and the business with the
gruesome head.

Appreciate Contrast

Perhaps it was the contrast which
made it so, but we were unusually
impressed with the terseness of the
closing production. To begin with
Miss Jones’ impressionistic set was
simple and yet aided greatly in giv-
ing meaning to the action.

The cast was, on the whole, good.
We liked especially the work of
Miss Prindle, who seemed excep-
tionally wall-cast as the ingenious
young thing, and who added a pleas-
ant freshness to her sensible in-
terpretation.

Miss McArdle gave a convincing
performance as Experience, al-
though her churacterization often
lacked depth and forcefulness.

Double role proves disadvantage

Mr. Collins‘ superman stunt of
portraying leading roles in both
plays proved a decided disadvantage
in his role as Life. His usual skill-
ful shading and definiteness of char-
acterization were lacking.

We were disappointed that Miss
Jones did not attempt any lighting
effects, a device which might have
lifted her production more into the
realm of fantasy.

 

Among the first of the war casualties to return
to State, A. D. started its year off with a zest and
managed to retain the pace down to the last Tucs-

State-Mad

 

 

 

day. Thanks for many enjoyable evenings go to
the participating students and also to Miss li‘uttercr
for her excellent job of guiding. The props and “If winter comes can Spring be
costume committees deserve a specuil hand for far. beyond?” —— It looks like old
the magic manner in which they transferred the Spring 13 “WW down the 1101110

. . , stretch. It wouldn’t be a new sca-
' J A xv c r .I. a
same old C(llilpllltllt into new fcatuics each wcck. son without new peppy m.gumems_

. ‘ . and everyone's having them so
I I y - i ‘ '
Congratulations, .\.l)., on .i good jtll) well (lUllL. Spring must be hem

 

The New Paltz Vandal doesn’t
have enough letters to the editor—
at Bi'ockport there’s agitation for
football ncxl. year—but Saint Lawr-
ence University  . . revealed that
the request for broader student gov-
ernment privileges was founded in
part on a rcgulutlon denying second
floor privileges to men students at
sorority houses, and to women stu-
dents iit fraternity houses during

“Mrmumr housc pariics." cherv-spring is here!
Colll'ulnle Dim-u! Birds. and practice teachers are

'l'lic Illllll'l'u'l'ullllllii' III‘\\'N|III||l'l‘ of Ilio .\‘c\v York Sinic (‘01 all (Ll'luttpr. Interviews—good im—
Iogo ior 'i‘i-ni-ln-rn; [Illllllalli'll l‘\’|'l'_\ Friday of Iln- coin-i:

STATE CC LLEGE NEWS

Established May 1 16
By the Class of 19!!!

 

Vol. XXXI March 14, 1947 No. 18
Mi'lllilt‘l’

A ssoclii l cd l'olir-giu I c l'ri'ss

c .,., v... > ‘
your by tho .\'l'l\\‘>‘ Hoard I‘oi- Iln- Sludonl .\~.~‘Iii'l;lliiili puhf‘mnubgimo mlmmlun—jund the
l'lioncs: 'l'osslor, Il-lIfiIiN; l.ll.~ll1‘l{, H~l.\'il: i'ondor, iliiiiiiiy. P'T-H in.“ beginning in “Ha [hul‘
_‘ mun. lino-1.. n-uuni; signing», i 1007 .llt'llllli'l'rl of Ilio iii-m it‘s not the school so much, it's the
sizil“|“)i:::I7y he rmicln-«I Tom: and Wed from 7 In IlzilIl l’..\i principnl of [hp thing,
in l-* .

If at first . . . then by degrees . . .
Down at tho Uillvol‘sily of ’l‘cxns
The News Board _ a siudcnl. in our bcginniiig l‘l‘|l()l'lllll.:
clnss sii‘ilgglcd with a wcddiiig

. . EDiTon.iN-cmEF story. l'c didn'l know much about
momma source it. And wlicn the story was rc-
cosmass MAN/«Gen l.lll‘ll(‘(i Io him with n grado of F
cmcutmou MANAGER minus. tln- siudcnt docidcd it was
co cmcotnmn mumrn linn- for ii coni'i-i'ciicc with ilic in-
sooan canon '.II'rII'Ior. “Mr. French." lic siiii'lcil.
.ynvrzniismc. MANAGE" ‘ll l‘i l‘w' li'l'l'lllll‘. l lllll’i' lll'Vi'l' llliltil‘
Anvﬁnrismo MANAGE“ an I" minus likc this below. l’in
Assam”: Elmo" nslinniod of Inyscil‘. lsii‘l. ilici'o uny-

usocum Eon-on lllll‘l; I can do to bring it up to an
1...?"

 

MARY F TESSIER
BERNARD M. SKOLSKY
BENJAMIN REED
LORNA KUNZ
GLORIA B'JECLIN
VIRGINIA DAY
MARTHA DUNL,AV
MAnGEnv FENDER
CAROL CLARK
ANN MAY
ELLEN ROCHFOFID Assocmru izoiTon
A young inuii insii'iicloi‘ iil Wnsli—
inuton Uiiivcrsily was nilcmplinu
lo l‘l'l’lt’l‘ llli' spirits of his cluss
  . “A-.- _ iil'lci' ilicy lind l‘i‘i't'lVi'fl vci'y low
All coiniiiiiiiimnions should he uddn-swd Io llll' willor llllll numvwllll “Ham: “All”. “11'” h“
mini Iu- "lentil yum... will i... “pm...” um," mun“, i'nlionulm-il, "l onco got an A on!
       “   
‘ _ a " '~' ' “I” 1 ft" "fulmlunculMm \vici sonicono in. Ilic lowr‘r cod
no such ixpriuniona do noi inunuurily ri-flou Ila vlow, 01- H“, “In”, (lumHmwd. “Ym”.

fnlhcr still Ir-ucliing lici‘o?"

Issue Editor ANN MAY

 

The Good Old Days

 

By ELOISE WORTH

n days, especially the teacher, but
did you know that those of our pro-
fession were worse off in 1661? Gad
~vii' the minimum in the early 1900’s
was around $200——what was it in
those days???? The Washington-
Stnte Evergreen says that a school-
teacher of 1661 acted as court mes-
scngcr, scl'vcd summonses, conduct-
cd ceremonial services of the church.
lead the Sunday choir. rang the bell
for public worship, dug graves, took
charge of the school and perform-
cd numerous other occasional du—
iics. And not only that, but Adam
Roclandson, one of the first school
teachers in the colonies, took in
washing on the side.

__O.__

lie: “I suppose you dance?”

Silt‘: "Oh yes, I lovo to."

Ho: "Grcnl, that's better than
dancing.”

(‘liivulry is not dead

One thing that can bc said about.
Sluic Collcgc mcir rthcy huvo sym—
pnIhy for tho wcnkcr sex. The other
day our told llll‘ that he always
closcs his cycs whcn lic‘s sitting on
n bus, bcciiiisc ho linlcs to sec wom-
cn standing!

FAMOUS LAS’I‘ WORDS:

"()li lll‘ won't [like roll v-lcl’s cut."

“(in right ll('l'()SSv-ri,lli‘_\"(l iichi‘ lift
a scliiol kid "

"You wait lici'c. liom'y ['11 sign
lll mid bo right back."

'l‘lilth‘l') VERSE
chnlion.
Vacation,
Locniion
Country sinlioii.
l"lll'illil()ll
i‘rcsonlnilon.
('isciilniion»
Sivccl sonsnlion!
Contcinplntlou,
l’i'cpni'niion,
Ncw l'i'lllllilll,
Liimcniutionlll
Suliil l‘iii’s day is Monday- Erin

Everyone has so much to do now go brnghlll

 

 

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his vlewpolntc do not
necessarily reflect those of the State College News,

One of the biggest events of the week was the com-
bination of the recall of the Russian ambassadors
from London and Washington, almost at the same
time as President Truman asked Congress to grant
$4 million for arms and supplies for Greece and

Mr. Snow was adequate though Turkey.

This evoked a wild rumor about the lower halls
and a hasty check into the files to see if geeyes
can still enlist in grade. The current drive for re-
servists in all branches is also worthy of conjecture.

The request by the president is no doubt an an~
swer to the "get tough with Russia” sentiment voiced
by many. While the implications, of this, especially,
may cause a lot of sad shaking of heads, in the
long run it seems desirable. The spread must be
stopped somewhere, and the Near East appears the
opporutne palce. And it's far wiser to stem the tide
with dollars than dead.

I t 3'

At the Plattsburg conference last week-end, our
representatiVes ran into a startling reality. Albany
State Teachers College is not the only “State.” Altho
the largest, most complete and finest, we must give
our little brothers and sisters their due. For purposes
of clarity and economy, let’s call Albany "State,"
and the other state colleges by name. Exchanges please

I
note. ‘I . t

We spent a good part of Wednesday at the legisla~
tive chambers. The Assembly convened at 2:00 P.M..
for the purpose of considering the Condon-Wadlin
‘Anti-American” bill, receded until 4 after taking
note of the full house present, went into caucus until
6, adjourned until 8, and spent the remainder of the
night discussing serious topics, the Condon-Waldin
Bill not being included. We recommend that every-
one spent a few hours at the sessions to observe our
law-making bodies in action. The privilege is guara—
anteed by the State Constitution, and there’s “al-
ways a good show at the Capitol.”

it 0! II

Congratulations are due to Inter-Sorority Council
for liberalizing their rushing rules. Although far from
ideal form, the context of the story appearing on
the first page is definitely a step towards bringing
sorority rushing rules to a point of satisfaction. The
only rule governing frat rushing is that rushees can-
not be promised a bid from a fraternity man. The
complete lack of gripes in fraternity circles is some-
thing to be noted by the sororities. Or is the silent
period a form of punishment inflicted upon the
usually loquacious feminine element?

at it it!

Although it’s frowned upon in many of the best
circles, we’ll climb out on a limb, saw in hand, and
predict the score of the Myskania-Frosh tilt which
took place yesterday. (We go to press Wed midnight).
Myskania, complaining of lack of practice, and a.
speedy Frosh team should bring on the final whistle
with the latter hugging a 42-17 lead.

A letter to the editor in this issue brings to light
a problem which, although overemphasized, is worthy
of note. Much of what is said about the Commons
can be applied to other parts of the college build-
ings, but it shall be interesting to note which of the
administrative agencies of our student body docs
something. And how about that ping-pong tablc?

Must it collapse of its own Weight before being re-
placed?

 

 

College Colendor 
FRIDAY. MARCH 14—

ll A.M.——Mr. Larmon S. Sherwood, Methodist minis—
ter, Will speak in assembly on “The Reflec-
tions of ii Happy Man."

8 P.M.~Intcrvarsity Fellowship
with RPI at the RPI gym.

8-ll:30 P.M.~Chi Sigma Theta date party at
the sorority house.

8:30—11:30 P.M.——Kappa Beta date party in thc
Lounge.

8:30-11:30 P.M.—Potter Club party in the Com-
mons.

SATURDAY, MARCH 15—

 g.l\N/f.—-Statc Fair opens in Page Hull.

:' . .-—Fnalc of State Fair in the Auditorium.
SUNDAY. MARCH 16—

8:00 .A.M.—Cnnicrbury Club Corporate Communion
at St. Andrew’s Church, followed by a Coin—

4 niiinlon breakfast.

:30 P.M.»~‘Sundny Half-hours" iii. Newman l’lnll.

0:304) P.M.—v-S.C.A. Collcgc Group meeting mid sup—
pci' at First Presbyterian Church, at State
and Which. Sti‘ccis.

MONDAY. MARCH l7-

12:00 noon» Saint Patrick's Day entertainineni. in
H the Commons, sponsored by Newman Club.
~i..l0 PM. Albany Artist Group mid Colii'gc Facul-

' ly tcn ill the Lounge.

l‘lllCSllAY. MAiu‘ll I8—

12100-12230 P.M.-~»Music Council's

' ‘ Room 20, Richardson.

3:30 PMg-IUC Seminar on cconomic dlsci'iiiiiiui-

‘ m P Mlion, Room 2, Richardson.

1 z: . . Pi Omcui l’i punch party in Iho Louiu'c
7530 PM. Pod Club class for freshman Iryouls.
WlullNlLHliAY. MARC” lll— ‘
3:30 PM: ~l-iillcl iiicciing in the

' Pubuchnccii.

7:30 P.M.——Muth Club mccting in Room 101, Dru~
pci'.

7:30—0 P. M.»- Ciib class for freshmen in thc P. 0.

bowling party

recording hour,

Lounge with Rabbi

THURSDAY, MARCH 20—

3230 PM. Classical Club incctin '
I, I . g in the Lounge.
7.30 PM: chutc With Cornell University. Room
20, Richardson. Resolved: “That Indus-
tiy Should be Guaranteed Annual Wage."

 

D&A To Present
Collected Works

Of Faculty Artist
Hopkins Will Sponsor

Tea To Open Exhibit

An exhibition of water colors and
drawings by Miss Ruth Hutchins,
Assistant Professor of Fine Arts,
will open with a tea, sponsored by
Dr. Vivian 0. Hopkins, Instructor
of English, for the Albany Artists’

Group and the State College fa-
culty Monday at 4:30 PM. in the
Lounge.
Week. the exhibit will be under
the sponsorship of Dramatics and
Art Council.

The drawing, "Lifting Fog," re-
cently shown at the Albany Insti-
tube of history and Art, has been
purchased by the institute, but is
being lclcasud lol‘ tile college ex-
lllulL. ur. napkins has announced
that followmg Life week’s siiowuig,
tile CAlllulblUll Will be transferred to
Room zoi, Ul'upcl‘, wnere they will
remain LiLiLll spring vacation.

Represents l\cw England

A number of New England scenes
are represented in Miss nutcnins'
W011i, including a New Hampshire
creek, a chw n'cllllpSllll'e waterfall,
and urawmgs Ol iviomicgan Beach
and lviomicgan island. Scenes near
Lake UtUlge are illustrated by a
water Culul‘ View near DOlLOll Land-
ing and u ui‘awnig ul an old school-
house near the lake.

Paints Albany Scenes

Miss Hutchins‘ interpretation of
Albany scenery may be found in
two paintings of views from her
apartment, one in water color, one
in pastels. Within the watercolor
group is found two garden scenes,
one in winter, one in summer; also
a view of Willctt Street housetops
and the park spring. The later is
callcd “May Day Memories.”

Frosh, Sign Up
For News Today

This week the News is conducting
a campaign for new talent. ’ A
special effort is being made to in-
struct ii'cslimcn in Journalism, Ins
many have not had the opportunity
before.

Each Wednesday night cub class-
es Will ic conducted in the PO. un-
til Junc. Here the freshmen will
learn now to write siraignt news
stories, headlines. and tho princi-
plus of mane—up and while learning,
Will be working and putting these
l‘LllL‘n illLo practice.

Any freshmen interested in jour-
nalism may sign up todiiy in the
PD. in signing, please state what
post cxpciicncc you have had.

During the rest of the

am. coma: mm. FRIDAY. much 14. 1047-

 

Sfomp Booth Goes, Tables
Como, Congestion Remains

The stamp booth’s gone, and
the lower hall of Draper is no
longer congested . . . but some-
how, it’s more diﬁicult to get to
Huested than it ever was before.

You Just clear the crowds out-
side the Co-op, and you bump
your shins against the leg of a
table. And before you know it,
some late Science major is
knocking your books all over
the Annex. By this time you're
so late for class that you decide
to cut, and you miss an import-
ant test.

Anyway, it seems the State
prison has been unloading their
tables on us, and of all places,
they’ve been put in the corridor
to the Annex. What they’re for,
nobody seems to know, but they
sure look party. In fact, it seems
sad to give them to seminars or
discussions, if that's what they’re
for, when these poor veterans
who are ready to start house-
keeping need them so desperate-
ly. Oh well! vets, they're a lit-
tle long for a kitchen anyway.

 

Plan Syndicate
Ol New5papers

At an Intercollegiate Press Con-
ference at Plattsburg State Teach-
ers' College last weekend, plans were
made for the organization of a col-
legiate newspaper syndicate to be
called, “The State Teachers’ College
Exchange.” This press conference
was part of the Intra-College Con-
ference at which eleven teachers’
colleges were represented.

The delegates at the conference
decided that a system of exchange
should be formulated so that all
the state teachers’ colleges may be
aware of what the others are doing
and so that state colleges may be-
come more closely-knit.

Plan Syndicated Column

The proposed plan is that an in-
tercollegiate column be adopted by
each college as a regular feature in
their publications. The material for
this column would be compiled by

 

 

Dorm Residents
For Next Year f.
To Apply Now“

All under-graduates who plan to
live in the Residence Halls next
year must obtain their application
blanks, contracts, and information
blanks from Mrs. Bertha E. Brim-
mer, Secretary of the Alumni Asso-
ciation, from March 17-21 inclusive.
These contracts are to be filled out
and returned by April 16.

Any student in the college may
apply for a room with the excep-
tions of the following: Graduate
students, unless they are on the
staff in some capacity, and Seniors
who plan to graduate in January.
Aceording to Mrs. Briminer, the lat—
ter will not be given rooms because
there are freshmen who will take
these rooms for the full year.

Th contracts will not be valid un-
less the deposit has been paid, but
the $10 from last year is transfer-
able.

The rules of the previous years
are still in force. mainly that no de-
posits will bc refunded unless a stu-
dent has been dropped from the
college, or after a year of attend-
ance. After March 21 applica-
tion forms will not be given out to
students in college.

All checks should be made pay—
able to the Treasurer of the Benev-
olcnl. Association, the amount again
being $218 for the semester.

 

Slinord, Former Stole Teacher, Gives

Illustrated Talk On

Mr, Jcssc Siiiinrd, a former Pro-
lessor of Spanish ill Slum College,
spokc ill il niccliiig of Pan Amigos,
illl‘ Spanish Cliib, last Tuesday.
During the first part of thc evening
lll‘ sliowcd slide.» of Mcxico willic
coniiin-iiiing on Ilicm in Spanish,
and niii-i' \Vllllo rci‘i'cshiiiciits wci'c
sci'i'cd cvci'yoiic rcyci'tcd 1..) English
\vliin- Mr. Siiiiiii'd discnsscd inform—
iilly his cxpi-i'icnccs as a ti-nchcr iii
lili.‘ Philippines.

The slidcs ol Moxico and Mr.
Siiiuii'd's commciilni'y brought out
particularly llic exotic l)(‘illll_\' 01
Mexico and the contrast bctwwn
liliL’li‘lll and niodci'ii ciiliiii'c. Ml".
Stiiiiii'd showed vicws of tlic rc-
mnins oI illi' ancicm Mnynn civil-
iznilon with iis gi'niidcui' niid
boiiuly. ’l‘ln'sc pcoplo liiid built py-
ramids lni'gci' Iiinii lllilHl' in lrlgypl
mid liiigc icmpli-s ior Iiic worship
of llll'll‘ gods. In coiiiplcic conli'iisl.
\i'crc llu- .Hllili'H of niodcrii Mcxioo
(7in with its dcpnriinciii stores and
modern nicniis ol ii'nnspoi'lulimi,

Aiioilicr contrast was shown bc-
twccii the people living in the mod-

Mexico To Club

crn cities and in touch with cur-
rent. affairs, and the country pcon
living much the way his ancestors
did. Mr. Stiiuird mentioned the
incl. that they do their farming in
practically the same manner de-
scribed in the Bible with the lurin—
or rolling slccpily along with his
plow illlfi pair of own uninindful of
modern progress. Country women
do ilicii' laundry by tho side of the
\il‘i‘illil and for that matter cvcn
ll'il\'i‘ll(‘l‘S in the country are forced
to Iollow soil.

it was at lirsi very difficult, Mr.
Slimn'il said, to teach English, and
tho instructors had to go through
all sorts oi contortions to get their
moaning ovcr. An example which
lll' i’clnics was his attempt to ex-
plain ilic meaning of ice to tlic
children oi the tropics. Hc fumbled
around for a while and thou said,
"In my country it gets so cold that
iln- wnii-r gels hard and that's lcc.”

One of HIV lilllc boys turned to
llll‘ oilici‘ illlli snid in Filipino, "All,
lli*'.\' u liar." Mr. Sliiini'd said that.
In: was nlwnys inicrcstod in that
hill.) boy's progress.

one or two appointed members of
the individual college staffs and the
most interesting news from each
college would be sent to the editor
of the exchange. The Editor-in-
Chief for the coming year is Larry
Northram, of Potsdam State Teach-
ers’ College. In future years the
editors will rotate among the vari-
ous schools.

To Feature Polls

One of the features of the column
will be student polls which will be
tabulated and published from the
11 colleges. The first poll to be
taken will be, “Do you think that
professional groups should strike to
gain their demands?" This poll
will be taken in the near future
among members of the present Sen-
ior class.

Immediate Duties

The immediate duties of the col-
leges who are to adopt the program
are to name two delegates to the
syndicate, to suggest possible names
for such a column of intercollegiate
news, and to conduct the poll as
soon as possible.

Nelson Reports

On Conference

Principles Of Education
Discussed At Meeting

Four members of the State Col-
lege faculty, Dr. Milton G. Nelson,
Dean of the College; Dr. Robert S.
Fisk, Principal of Milne High
School; Dr. Robert Frederick, Di-
rector of Teacher Training, and Dr.
Wallace Taylor, Assistant Professor

5"“ Co’leges Blind Minister To 

~   

l

During Assembly Today

 

 

LARMON S. SHERWOOD

 

Three Students

Represent State
At Conference

At the second Intra-State Teach-
ers' Conference of 11 state teacher’s
colleges which was held at Platts-
burg last Friday through Sunday,
State College was represented by
Ruth Bentley, President of Student
Association. Philip Lashinsky, Sen-
iors, and Alice Williams, '48. Miss
Bentley was elected Secretary of
the conference.

The purposes of the conference
were to further co-operation be-
tween state teachers’ colleges and
to advance the teaching profession
in the state. Among the highlights
of their discussions were problems
of student government and social
activities. the teacher salary bills, a
cut system, financing of athletics,
budget systems in the schools, hous-
ing, and a collegiate syndicate of
newspapers.

Favor Young-Milmoe Bill

All of the delegates presiding at
the conference collaborated on a tel-

egram in favor of the Young-Mil—
moe bill for state aid and sent the
message to Governor Dewey.

State College extended an invi—

nnd Supervisor in Social Studies, nation for the conference to be
attended the convention Of the held in Albany next; year and un-
American Association of School 1955 the plans are changed, the
Administ'ators 8; Allied Organiza- group will meet here next year.

Lions at Atlantic City last week. The
theme of the conference was “Edu—
cation and the Development of Hu-
man and Natural Resources.”
Discussions at the four-day con-

I

[‘0 Appoint Director

One other decision of the dele-
gates at the conference was for

. » I '11 college to appoint a Director
forcnce were devoted mainly to the U“ H _ ‘
educational problems facing educa- 0f Imu'coues’lﬂlle RGIRUODS in 01-
mm ,0ng. federal education aid, der to carry on the correspondence
rural education, the improvement mid Other bu5111985-

of buildings. teacher shortage, cur-

ricula and training of good teachers.

itatc Traits of Good 'l‘cacher
Paul A. Witty, Northwestern Uni-

Lost-Found Department

vcrsiiy, in his talk to the National -
Society of College Teachers of Edu—  Sponsor sale

cation, stated that in a recent sur-
vcy conducted among pupils con-
ccrniiig what children like in their
tcnchcrs, it was discovered that the
following were the most common
fruits in the order of their popular-
ity, coopel‘ntch, democratic atti—
tudc, kindlincss and consideration
for the individual, patience. wide

i

Pearl Floss, ’49, Director of Lost
ind Found, has announced that a

spring sale will be conducted to get
rid of accumulated artiCics. Before
the sale, lost articles will be posted
in sections so that they inny be
claimed by the owners.

The. list of lost items will be placed

intci‘csiﬁ. DOTSON!”VHMWHI'I‘W‘C 11"“ on the Lost and Found Bulletin
pleasing manner. fairness and line Bow-d 1” low”. Draper along Wm,

pnrtinliiy, sense of humor, good dis— t
(Collllllili’tl on Page 1,, Column 1}

(

Juniors To Address Club 1

be time they inny be claimed in the

Commons, beginning March 13. Any
students who find it impossible to

'luim their nrliclcs iii the speci-
‘icd time should contact Miss Pless

I , by student imiil, giving u full dc-
mitn Scclbllcll. 48. PI'L‘Sldcnli 01 scripiion of lhc article and the num-

ilic Mullicinutics Club unnounccd be]. undo,- wmch u is “stud on me
Iliul. tho club will hold a meeting bulletin board.

chiicsdziy at 7:30 PM. in Room
101. Eleanor Merritt and Marie Bul-
foort, Juniors, will speak.

All articles not claimed will be

sold shortly after March 24.

Topic To Cover,

Man's Happiness-
To Vote On Resolution

For Machine Purchase
Mr. Larmon S. Sherwood. a Met-

hodist minister and lecturer, will
speak in assembly this morning un-
der the sponsorship of Student
Christian Association on the topic,
“The Reflections of a Happy Man.”

A resolution will be introduced and
voted upon for the purchase of a
new mimeograph machine.

Born in Washington, D. 0., Mr.
Sherwood attended elementary
school at the School for the Blind
at Baltimore, and graduated from
the Cohoes High School, Cohoes.
He then attended Union College.
graduating in 1934, and did gradu-
ate wcrk here at State. Mr. Sher-
wood is an ordained Methodist
minister and in addition to his
work in a regular pastorate, travels
nearly 50,000 miles a year to fill his
lecture engagements.

To Vote on Financial Motion

Student Board of Finance has
waived the requirement for tabling
financial resolutions for one week
and, therefore, the resolution for
the purchase of the new mimeo-
graph machine will be introduced,
discussed, and voted on today. The
approximate price of the new ma-
chine is $144.47.

At a Student Council meeting
Alice Williams, ’48, was appointed
Director of Intercollegiate activi-
ties. Miss Williams was appointed
as a result of the suggestion made
at the Intra-Collegiate Conference
that one person be in charge of
these activities.

The problem of smoking in con-
nection with the general cleanli-
ness of the building was considered
and it was decided to invite mem-
bers of Campus Commission to the
next meeting. Redecoration and
painting of the Commons were also
considered.

Plan Moving-Up Day

Ruth Bentley, '47. reminded the
Council of plans for Moving-Up
Day. All Seniors must wear caps
and gowns, Juniors will wear white
with their hats and canes, Sopho-
more women will wear red sweaters
and white skirts and the fresh
women will wear white with their
blue ribbons.

 

Reserve Lounge
For Commuters

Audrey Bopp, ’47, President of
Commuters' Club, has announced
that the organization has reserved
the Lounge from 4 to 8 pm. next
Friday for the benefit of members
before the performance of the op-
eretta “Erminie.” Supper will be
served under the supervision of
Harold Tunkel, '50, former chef in
the armed forces.

The menu will consist of macaroni
and cheese, cabbage salad, coffee.
peas, and gingerbread with whipped
cream. The supper, served at cost,
will be .80 per person, and a busi-
ness meeting and dancing will fol-
low.

Committees include: salad, Joan
Peterson and Mary Alice Regn,
freshman; dessert, Florence Albright
and June Condo, freshmen; ar—
rangements, Miss Bopp. and Clare
Crechil. '48; entertainment, Ann
Gourley, '49: music. Miss Bopp.

All commuters, who wish to at-
tcnd, should sign up on the Commu-
icrs’ Club bulletin board. If this
supper is successful, Miss Bopp
stated that others would be plan-
ned.

Pi Omega Pi T’Te—rTs—TPariy

Dorothy Sturzenberger, '47. Presi-
dcnt of Pi Omega Pi, honorary com-
incrce fraternity, has announced
that. all commerce faculty and stu-
dents are invited to a punch party
in the Lounge 'l‘uesday at 3:30 PM.
Games will be played and refresh-
ments served.

 
 

. .

    

 

., Dwain—“cmm m

     
    

  
    
     

   
     
          
       
         
         
       
      
        
   

i


 mi‘NJ'almrn’r-ﬁkw ‘

 

    
 
   
  

