  
  
 
  
 

 

é'Grand Marshall
I Lists Chairmen,

Assembly Rules

Complete Cooperation
Of Students Asked
By Campus Commission

Helen Kisiel, ’48, Grand Marshal
of Campus Commission, has an-
nounced assembly regulations, and
the chairmen of the various com-
mittees for the 1947-48 school year.

The assembly regulations are:
1. All students must be in assembly
at or before eleven o’clock at which
time the doors will be closed. 2. Out
of due respect to speakers and the
like, walking through the assem-
bly is not permitted. Practice
teachers coming from Milne, please
note: weather permitting use the
outside doors from Milne to Rich-
ardson; otherwise go through the
gym while assembly program is in
progress. 3. No one will be permit—
ted to leave the assembly until the
meeting has been adjourned. 4.
Myskania leaves the assembly, fol-
lowed by the Seniors, Juniors,
Sophomores, and freshmen respec-
tively.

All the members of Campus Com-
mission will act as marshals in as-
sembly and will enforce these reg-

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, OCT. 3, 1947

 

The Value Of Long Skirts,-
Or: How Will You Decide?

There’s a rumor going around
State College that henceforth
all girls are going to stick to
short skirts. Whether or not
this is true is not for us to say
here, but having found that it
is impossible to proceed further
in the college year without a
clear cut decision, Debate Coun-
cil has raised the following pro-
.position: Resolved: that it is to
the advantage of State College
for its women to wear long
skirts. The situation is seri-
ous and a stand must be made
on the issue. Therefore, the
position will be debated in As-
sembly by Debate Council.

Girls—you can’t afford to miss
this debate. The future of State
College's skirts hinges on the
outcome.

Men—here is the opportunity
to witness the defense of what
you hold dear in life.

 

The chairmen of the various
committees are as follows: Vic,
Richard Feathers, ’50: Coke, Joseph
Zanchelli, '49, and David Jack, '50;
Mimeograph Machine, Susan Mil-
ler, '50; Lost and Found, Renee Har-
ris, '50; Mailboxes, Alice Williams.
’48; Posters, Pearl Pi-sss, '49; Lounge,
Mary Jean Carver. ‘48; Commons.
Margaret Seaman, '49, and Ruth
Matteson, ‘50; Annex, Locker
Room, and Halls, Lawrence Apple-

 

ulations. Please cooperate with by, '49, and Florice Kline, '50; Mar-
them. shal Rita Shapiro, ’48.
BOOKS STATIONERY

CARDS

STATE COLLEGE CO-OP

GIFTS

 

Orphans

Initiates Charter

Continued from Page 1, Column .3/
New York do draw up this Charter
for enriching the lives of the chil-
dren at The Albany Home for Chil-
dren.

Article 1. The name of this or-
ganization shall be SMILES.

Article 2. This organization is a
student organization chosen by the
Student Council and compOSed of
interested individuals to direct the
activity.

Article 3. These activities include
annual Christmas parties, invita-
tions to college plays, and other
productions. We also sponsor pic—
nics, parties, sports, and other en-
tertainments at the home itself.

Article 4. To carry out the above
activities. We sponsored college ac-
tivities. We were also aided by
students' personal gifts.

Article 5. For the past two years
we have found success and satis-
faction, a great truth not found
with gold or silver.

We are hoping to spread this
movement so as to make life a lit—
tle brighter for those children denied
the affection of the home.

Others who aided in the drawing
up of this charter were Lois Hutch-
inson, Elizabeth Margot, Joan Alver-
son, and Betty Rose Hilt, Class of
’47.

Mr. Miller is now printing this
charter and Philip Lashinsky.
Graduate Student, will present it
to Student Association in a regular
assembly in the near future.

Plan Fall Events

Student Christian Association’s
President. Marian Meiras, has an-
nounced that an S.C.A. camp ﬁre
meeting will be held Thursday on the
terrace between the two dorm fields
at 7:30 PM. while Hillel will spon-
sor a frankfurter roast Sunday
from 2-5 PM. at the Ohav Scholom
synagogue on Washington Avenue.
The next Newman Club meeting will
be held October 9 at Newman Hall
with Father William Collins fea.
tured as guest speaker. Inter-Var-
sity Christian Association slates its
Fall program including a confer-
ence to be held Oct. 3-5 at Camp
Pinnacle.

The guest speaker at the S.C.A.
meeting will be Rev. J. E. Carothers
of Calvary Methodist Church. Sing-
ing will follow and refreshments
will be served.

Ruth Price, ‘49, of Inter-Varsity
has announced that approximately
50 students from State, RPI and
Union have registered for the or-
ganization’s fall conference. Last
minute registration will be received
President, Marian Meiras, ’49, has
announced that an S.C.A. camp fire
by Murial Owens '49.

OAMPUS
RESTAURANT

203 Central Ave.

 

 

 

 

BOULEVARD

198-‘200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

PHONE 5-1913

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL”

OAFETERIA

ALBANY. N V

 

 
   
 
   

 

Board Religious Clubs WW0“ em

This afternoon Myskania will hold
an open hearing in room 23, Rich-
ardson, on a case in violation of
State College traditions.

For the first time this year Mys-
kania will act in a judicial capacity,
and decide a case. The violation
concerns Audrey Hartman, ’50, and
Paul Kirsch, ’51.

In keeping with the penalty for
the second offense, the following is
a list of those students, who have
received second warnings: Paul
Kirsch, John Chaques and Paul
Lavey, freshmen; Juanita Evans, ’49.

 

Faculty Tickets Now On Sale

The faculty may purchase their
Student Activities tickets for three
dollars, according to Nancy Walsh,
48, Secretary of the Student Board
of Finance. This excludes the Ped-
agogue, Primer, and News, however.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portraiture At Its Finest"
s y

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

~~

 

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

TELEPHONE 4-0017
811 MADISON AVENUE
t

 

 

 

—“Skitch" Henderson's Newest Disc for Capitol

"Shite/J” and rmno of
his side-men looking
over an arrangement 0/
"Dancing Wit!) :1 Deb.”

 

 
 
 
   
  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

   

  
  
 
 

 V CAMELS

WITH ME!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Camel
Try Camels. Compare. Let your

The platter that’s causing plenty of chatter
in juke circles is "Skitch" Henderson's latest
instrumcntal—"Dancing \Vith a Deb." Boy
— what a record!

It's obvious "Skitch" has had plenty
of experience in tickling thosc ivorics,
and he follows that experience rule in
smoking too. "i smoked many different
brands and compared," says "Skitch."

"My choice from experience is

H
u

own experience to” you why more
people are smoking Camels than

ever before!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 
 
  

  

 
 

 

  
  

 

 

    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

ll. J. "lll'lltllllli 'l‘uluu'ru (in.
“'llllltlll‘l‘lllltllll. N. U,

 
  
  

  

 
  
  
  

ilan before.

 

 

2.444

ctivities Day To Marls Opening Of
ally, Will Highlight Program

nake Dance,

cola.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCT. 10, 1947

 

Dean Announces
Last Semester

Honor Students

Will Release Names
Of '47 Graduates
On List Next Week

Elizabeth V anDenburgh, Registrar,

cated are hereby revoked and to be

the following provisions:
Section l—The fund shall pay
Section ll—The fund shall pay

man of the Insurance Committee.

the lnfirmary fund.

‘ 1 ' d th Dean's List for the _ I . I , .
has le ease 6 This Section lV——The funds remaining after the obligations listed in
been paid shall be refunded to the mem-

second semester, 1946-1947.
list was compiled lfor the 1cltlizliss of Sections 1, H, and “I have
' ’4,and'50.Tecompe ono ,, I , .- ,
fifi's fist, which will includ: the: bub 0f S‘Udem ASSOC‘atlon-

' ' ' ’ il be ublishe nex . I
(friggimsdfdeiiti whopare named to of Student Tax Tickets issued.
the Dean‘s List must attain a B B.
average.
Class of 1948: Li.

Stanley Abrams, Ethel Angle,
Margaret Ardito, Harry Baden, An-
ne Barton, Henry Barber, Richard 1).

existing rules providing such bills are dated on or before the effective
late of the insurance policies provided for in the motion of the Chair-

Section lll-—The provisions 0
by the Student Council; all administrative costs being a charge on

A. The remaining funds shall be divided by the total number

That part of the remaining funds which was received from
the Federal Government shall be returned to the Federal Government.
That part of the remaining funds which was received from
the State Government shall be returned to the State Government.

All students who have personally paid the Student Tax shall

CW5

. ‘ ’

I

m 

 

TOMORROW '

VOL. xxx" no. _4

lVall'y;

, , , RM . . . Wilcox To Present Frosh Banner,-

All appropriations in the lnfirmary Fund not yet used or allo-

51 WilljiBegin Year's Actiirities

 

redistributed in accordance with

all obligations already incurred.
all bills payable under previously

f this Act shall be administered

Beach. Kathleen Bell. Martin Bort' have their share of the remaining funds refunded,

nick' Bally Bl'EbCCK’   1. All of these students who
 12;;‘5’ Jv'eituékudizk'p Gel money refunded at such a time as
cilia Colenlt111,'A1'tilu1' Collins, Marie liiillctni Board.

Contos, Muriel Dando, Gari Delig- 3_ A” of (1,95,. students who

Alice Fisher, Anne Gilleo, May Gio-
vanniello, Virginia Giminski, Vir-
ginia Green, Marion Hancock,
Katherine Hansen, Marjorie Har-

refunded by mail.

__.__.._——————

That “Student Association adopt the United States Life Insur-

are still at State shall have their
Student Council shall post on the

 

Sophs Schedule Skit
To Welcome Freshmen
In Page To-morrow Night

Saturday, October 11, Student
Association will sponsor the an-
nual Activities Day, when the Class
of 1951 will be introduced to the
organizations and clubs existing on
State campus. The program will
open in the Commons at 1 P. M.
All clubs and organizations wishing
to be represented will set up booths
where the freshmen can find out
what each group does and how it
functions, and join if they wish to
do so.

At 3:30 P. M. in the traditional
banner ceremony, the banner of
the Class of 1948 will be hung in a
place of honor in the Commons,
beside the banners of the classes of
1947, 1946, and 1945. Then the ban-
ner committee of the Class of 1951,
composed of Gerald Dunn, chair-
man, Patrick Dooley, Donald Ely,
and Helmuth Schultze, will receive
the freshman banner from Robert
Wilcox, President of the Class of

JAMES BROPHY
Chairman of Activities Day

 

have left State and have not had A  S k
aining money  y  s 1949. It is customary for the Jun-

lllllS' Edith Deuv Si‘mum Dicmeson' their Tax refunded shall have their share of the rem

Gunman VVIClNhEkG, ’48.

land. Gladys HE‘ka Jr Mlcmel Hlp' ancc Company Student Medical Expense Policy as a system of illness

pick, Eleanor Holbig, Raymond
Howard, Ruth Hurr, Wilma Hut-
chinson, Barbara Hyman, Kathryn I '
Kendall. Helen Klslel. DOIOI'GS KOC- plain, and that a majority of a
“‘3' Janet LaRuc' Arlene Lavendcr' members of Student Association to
Annalee Levine, Walter Lowerre,
John F. Lubey, Evelyn M&ttls?§, _> V__V w_ “my
Paul Meadows, E. Eleanor err ., I, ' I, ﬂ
William Mott, Zana Olmsted, Anna Baby Party Renews
Puscuzzi, George Poulpsﬁ AiloeRlegéll- Potter  Traditions
‘ r . ' an, r one ',
AldgleMRigci,R1§§tty Robertson, Wil- Francis Mullin. ‘48, President of
ham Ross, Joseph Roulier, Lillian Edward Eldred Potter Club, has
Frances announced that the first “Baby

and injury prolc
is not a commitment to purchase

‘ i, Donald Saylcs,
 Joseph Stagnitto, Joseph Party" for the fraternity since 1942
k ' Sundlck, James will be held tonight, in the Com-

Stonnrd, Seymour
Taylor, Marilyn Thomson,
Tlcliy, Patricia Tilden,

Trim, Shirley Van Popcring, Mar—

Paula mons from 8 P. M. until 12 mid-

CharlCS night. '

This dale party is a rcv1val of a
Potter Club tradition that was dis-
continued diii‘ing the war.

(Continued on Page t,001nmn 1,)

Don Cossacks Captivate Stale
Wiih Russian Melodies, Dances

‘ x  'ks

“mic pill], 00:31:]; throughout contact. with their audience with
"en Rmbun ‘ l the lights on. Then too, this en-
Puge l-iull last Saturday night and “mus me “(119le L0 rend men,
held a breathless audience at rapt programs Wm, H“. expmnuuons u“-
attention. The prancing little man d“. ouch song.

who made his rounds in. out and A“ 0,. me Wentwmnc men m
around his chorus of men after each mu Chums um Russian born and
song aroused more than a few snick- mm, mick “counts and the bits of

01‘s from “‘0 "'“(uonco' but an was Russian conversation floating about

explained in an interview backstage. bucksmgc Subsmmmmd this mot.
"H0 Elves “5 0‘” pm“ When he Only nan of the original Don Cos-

circles
then uddc(
voice, “We are not sure how wo mwvm no problem.
sound out there because

as we will be later on." muubm ,nw c
The first impression one rccoivud (“up wank“,
from those Russian men was their pm. gum“ ,m Lou!"

genuine frleiu

thundered pluined that they had more of it

around “5 like “my” ex” suck Chorus are left but eighteen
pluiued one of the Ciltll'ib‘llels,‘flilld 0,. mom huw been Wm, mo group
l 1" “‘5 “ﬂak “man” over twouty years so replacements

ml" (mm' Mr. Jurol‘f arranges ll new pro-
“l'll’s “mm” “‘0 “"“l‘d' YO“ knml" grain ouch your but retains one or
this is (Hilly the second tillltilrvhi)3‘l;h: two songs for winch lfllltllcllGOS liralvo
Willi “‘5 “cw WOW” . ’_ shown a, spoon pro erotica. 10
and We are not as sure of ourselvrs DU” CUka “Mm, Song. 15 01m} sufch

horns pruct ces or . G
four hours ouch day be-  Seniors, TO 8
but many

illness and sincerity- changes are made during “‘9 ﬁrst" student Employment Bureau, has

I I
ction, with the understanding that affirmative vote Thls MornIng

the policy, or to take part in the

ffirmativc votes will not bind the other

buy the policy.”
DONALD LANSKY, ’49.

TwoSophomores
Elected To Fill

Class Vacancies

Audrey Koch was elected Song
Leader and Rhoda Riber Treasurer
of the Sophomore Class at elections
held in Assembly last Friday. Miss
Koch and Miss Riber will fill the
places vacated by Jeanne Gebo and
Concetta Rosano who failed to re-
turn to college this fall.

Numerical Tabulations:
143x100 ‘

Quota: +lz'llbl

 

Candidates 1
1

 

 

 

Knoll  0800
Sottile 3400
Blanks  100

Totals  14300

100
Quota-tr —l-l-~~'lil‘)l
1.

Candidates 1 2 3
Freol  200

Kiuzie  .s.........
ltlber 5800 0200
Wlitso . 0000
Blanks  100

   

Total .......... .14300 14300

SE3 Slates Meetings

Elinor Matthews Director of the

As individuals and as a group Hwy few performances until the final mum“an that a meeting will be

displayed an earnest cooperation arruugumcm is decided upon.
often found lacking in visiting or-
tists. When interviewed, they even and me Dun Cowwk
tried to think of extra points of for mom songs.
student interest we might have inis- comment. “This is u
sod with our questions.

One unusual feature of the cou-
cert. was the fuict 1that’lall has house

‘ltS were on (ur mi 10 on re ne'-
ibliiiiluiice. When asked about this seems to buy

from the comments . hear
school after their puriormauce,

Don Cossacks.

peculiarity. the Don Cossacks ex— once for the

e expressed a preferw

held Tuesday, October 14. in Room

AS the mmvww d“§“{,,f;‘2,,,“,f,l,f§§ ‘30. for all members of the Senior
‘ ‘ ‘d to

one wnzgaemnudl. have not previously registered with

uiioo." They also expressed a pref-

w :- ‘ ‘ '0‘ o audiences and
“HM m w Lg d around 20, there will be a meeting of all

State Seniors and Graduate Students, who

Class and Graduate Students who
the Student Employment Bureau.
Thursday. October 16, in Room

have at some time registered with
the Bureau.

be continued on the insurance plan

ior Class, sister class of the fresh-
men, to furnish the frosh banner.

Insurance Decision T1,};  for 1951 are green and
W e.

The freshmen will meet in Page
Hall at 7 P. M., there to be honored
by a reception from the Sopho-
mores. At the reception, Sophomore
President Anthony Prochilo will

and voting will take place on the make 9‘ walmme Speed‘-
two resolutions introduced last The entire student may W11l meet
week. Charles Miller, '48, will pre- all 8 P. M. on the fire illuminated
sent the charter of the Orphan’s DOl‘m F18”. and. 18d by HEIen Kl-
Board and announce its working slel. ’48. the four classes all except
committee, the Seniors, displaying their ban-
At its Wednesday night meeting,  3:211:11? tslgggf):nx}?rmﬁiﬁ ag-
Student Council announced the ap- Rome Fewer .49 T; W“ y
polntment of Marjorie Smith, ’49, Diem ﬁnd (.1 F; R' d Jeni n1:
as the new member of Election or,“sz mgoscgdegg 'Saﬁlori‘x
Committee to ml the vacancy left sobiation Officers first Seniglfs seii:
lg_m§lt‘e,4g“ig1“‘tlon 0f Cm’herme 0nd, Juniors third. Sophomores
' - fourth, and freshmen last, for the
Co-chairmen for the Campus Day traditional snake dance down State
freshman skit will be Barbara Street. over Cortland Place, and
Cooper and Charlotte Sknolnick, down Western Avenue to school. In
freshmen. Anthony Prochllo, '50, is Page Hall gym, Art Dinsmore's or-
the Sophomore skit, chairman, chestra from Schenectady will fur-
Robert Tucker and Bernadette nlsh music for dancing until 11:30
Freel, Sophomores, will represent P' M'
sum, College M the Red Cross com In the event of rain on Saturday,
ference today and tomorrow at the only the Program 0“ the D0!“ Field
College of New Rochelle, New R0_ will be eliminated. Following the
chem}. N_ Y Sophomore reception. the student
Dee Webbcr '50 has been up groiupl willl meeitl in IPage Hall gym.
- » ' an anci ~ ' .
pointed new chairman of the Bridge ( 19 w 1 “How “um “'30
Tournament Committee.

Compulsory class meetings will be
held Tuesday from 12 to 12:30 P. M.  

for the purpose of making nomina-

tions for Campus Day Queen, at- _ .
tendants, ushers and pages. The  

In assembly today, discussion will

 

- Seniors, meeting in room 206, will

nominate two ushers. The Juniors , _

will nominate two attendants and “Angtl‘ff‘yb T?;,E‘“t9‘:h"0hl°f 0‘
two ushers at their meeting in the ‘8 u’“ “u ‘0 “’9 lNh‘W-t has tan'
Lounge. The Sophomores hold their “mm” W. “"90 "mm" ‘ 0‘ our

,, . . .. new members to tho oditoxinl staff.
muting on Thursday, mainligithtig Eugene McLMen ,4“ Wm begin his
two pages and two a ton an s. V _ j ' ,

Freshman nominations for two ush- 0““ WNW}; “a” Week- Will,“ Wm
vs , m e d 5 m allude replaccthe Common-Stator that is
ti uniton tn out w b i . ‘ , _

“m.qu m mom 20‘ The Com_ being discontinued due to the resis-
mum Wm be Nosed Tuesday from nation of J. Michael Hippick' '48.
p) H; 10.30 p  iiuke ﬁllies, f ":8, will ﬁfsuxfne

" " ' ' lie pee on o iramnc or .o 01'

This WM. all “Olllllllltlmls are to the forthcoming college productions.
be made on v. billsls of Dialliiibtr alone. while Colcttu Fitiiniorl‘is, '49. gill
The “Files or 11011109035 W 9 “ll 0“ act as feature editor. Erwin Bus -
class bulletin boards. and names mum), '51, has been appointed staff
may be added until Wednesday. photographer,

Dr. Ellen C. Stokes, Dean of MoLaren’s column will appear in
Women. has announced plans for the next week's issue of the News.
a mock assembly to be held by the while Zilles will revue the first Ad-
freshmeu in orientation class. As- vunced Dramatlcs plays to be pre-
sembly procedures will be demou- sentod this Tuesday in Page. Hall.
stratcd and Alice Williams. '48. will As yet. the name 0 Whereas 001'

mm. is indefinite, although he may

laid the ussembl voting aye.-
oxp y keep the same title.

tam.

   

