 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NIWB.

FRIDAY. MARCH 7. 1947

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Clue of 1910

 

    

\{3 w Advanced publicity rumored that

Vol. xxx: March 7,1947

_ Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press
The iiiidi-rgriidiiiite newspaper of the New York State Coi- innovation
year by ilie VIEW Board for the Student

Phones: 'i‘i-ssler, 3-0538; liusock. 8-1811: Fender. Dunlay. to wonder, “Will there be only one
241126. Kiiiiz, 8-0287: Skoisky, +1007. Members of the news play this evening?" There were two,

at.-

 

extravaganza.

The News Board
MARY iI'. rsosisR - - - . -
aERNARo M. «can .
IENJAMIN REED .
LORNA KUNz . . . .
GLORIA BRECLIN - - - CO-CIRCULATION MANAGER manded by the witty dialogue. They
VIRGIN“ 9" ' - ~ - - "'°""" "'1'" often raced through their lines a
MARTHA DUNLAY . .
MARGERV FENDER
CAROL cLARK . .
ANN MAv . . . . . -
ELLEN ROCHFORD

IDITOI-IN-CHII'

'""""' "mm" cast, however, approached only in

ADVIITI'INC MANAGER accent effective.
AssociAn sci-ran
A000“?! IDITOI easiest to do and, we feel, of the
Assocu'rs EDITOR three, Miss Lofthouse was the sur-

est of her character.

 

All coilniniiplcnt‘lons‘qshould  iilgldrcs‘izrleli:l t3 the editor one] tice the interesting contrast between
must in sgnci. fumes w e w e upon reques. m c 1 r i
The STATE COLLEGE ans assumes no responsibility mild: 0 of the hUSbands face and
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications . . ‘ .
as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its view. L‘Sivmg Disappointing

Taking along play and cutting it

“W9 to run for a fraction of the normal
running time without losing much
of its power is not an easy job.
Miss Harvey's condensation was a
good one, and a point in her favor
to begin with. Add to this an ex-

! I
Chronic Complaint . . .
pert knowledge of stagecraft and

. Because of the. many. extra-curricular actiViiies good production technique. and you
in the college, it is inevitable that some organiza- would expect“, somethmg outstand_
tions will assume more importance and gain greater aloe; but, urﬁfrg'tungtiay, the produc-
' h . he mos im ortant mu 5 “ over S 9‘ owe e acting;
popmamy than (it! efsd.Tt ‘ t we the grefel: Miss Harvey used one of our fa-
on campus S ou in 1C8? iii—Cilia Y P ' vorite tricks, mood music. However,
ences of the students, for it is only natural to de- the introductory music lasted a bit
vote more time and effort to activities that provide t00t10mng bTefore thei opgnting of gilt?
. 0111‘ a . 00, mus C e ween e
the greatesit miereSt- . _ _ . _ scenes would have helped maintain
If this is true, and we believe it 15, conditions the mood of the play, and would
here could stand a lot of change. One organization :15“? made the too long intervals be-
that should be of major importance has been in a wee“ Scenes Seem Shorten

 

By ASHWORTH a BABSELOU

inaus- “7446c

gamma-51d”

 

 

 

Praise Sets and Costumes

tures of play production.

~ ‘ D i b c n ratu-
singing}? be “melted Tues.. and Wed. from 7 to 11:30 PM. with credit for something new and laxgson “:kﬁge spggforijagcg Her
‘ different in State College dramatic interpretation of the mam charac_
promotions some to Miss Harvey's ter was consistent and convincing.
Though some of movement seemed
The “mung play “'35 Pleasant not to be motivated, and she some-
MlSS Rubin combined an effective times lacked enough of the religi-
ummmo “m” and a deft treatment of some rath- ions fewer demanded by the part,
er intricate Stage busmess: Her she gave a performance of which

sh an be a 1:] ud. fel
cmcuuﬂo“ mm". SW“ the polls“ and pertness (“3' sh: tires at filerS libsfrih thyfaourt‘ii

scene.

M . b 11' f i

AnvnTI-mo mum-I bit too rapidly to make the British 800;, £33 Evesfeﬁfiﬁginiﬁﬁfe 
‘ not enough variation in his charac-
The 1018 Of the Wife was the terization. Many of his lines lacked

sufficient inflection.

Mr. Christie’s delivery lacked col-
or, especially in the first scene. In
No one: we are sure- failed to “0' scene three however, he did much

better.

Mr. Sodei'lind is to be congratu-
lated on an excellent rendition of a
tricky role. He was (it all times
the childish Dauphin.

Coilin’s Gives Fine Performance

Mr. Collln’s performance was
practically flawless. He deserves
double praise for playing two wide-
ly different roles with excellent
sensitivity and insight. He was par-
ticularly fine as the Prosecutor.

Mr. Reich turned in his usual good
performance. Though he was on
stage but a short time. he managed
to project a good character.

The remainder of the unusually
large cast gave commendable sup-
port.

We salute Miss Mary Harvey for
having the courage to attempt
something different and for giving
us a production we will long i'e-

member.

 

slump far too long and is now forced to make
a strong effort to revive itself. We are referring
to Forum—a group that includes all members of
Student Association but is supported by few.

stale-Mast

 

Critics have claimed that Forum’s activities were
narrow and uninteresting, run by a small group
and without purpose. The criticism has been loud i Aslthenseiffrtler troll?1 along 11Sen-

. . .. - ors n a o e eac ers’ co eges
and prolonged, and not. Witl’iloﬁit justlilficzﬁtion. But ﬁnd one common subject uppermost
it  all been destructive. ose w o ave com- in their mindkteacmng and an
planned the most have done the least to bring about the interviews, salary disputes, and

an im rovement or beneficial chan e. the like Which are involved in find-
Y P g ing that ever-important job. This

In answer to these critics, Forum has completely year the increase in beginning 5&1-
reViscd its program in order to make it interesting aries is quite noticeable. At Platts-
to as many students as possible. Under the new gurg Stags ﬁrl‘hmsmnce- salaries
setup, the emphasis will be on discussion of current wlsgaiﬁj media: ifsghaniast year

. . . . g fiom $1880
affairs of direct interest to the student body, With to $2275,
provision for action whenever possible. h i

The result of these changes rests with the stu- oTlgtveoi‘ge $032331,“ f'mdmg a
dents themselves. Those who 'Sll‘. through meetings place to live Still appears to be quite
on the recommendation of their History instructor, a problem as may be seen by the
and for no other reason, will be of little benefit f0110Wing add appearing in the
to the group as a'ivliolc. There must be many stu- Syracuse Orange,
dents in the .Socuil Studies department, who are $5,100 Rewm.d_wmbe paid by vet-
genumely interested in world events and would ern law student and wife for in-

attend sessions twice a month without any urging formation leading to the rental of a
from the faculty heated apartment . . . . ”
t ' I - . _ . Syracuse has also found it neces-
If he chronic complainers Will turn their energy sary to make their first increase in
into constructive channels and support Forum in- Elfl'miggiiy board contract prices
stead of griping about it, the group will be able  d 221;] Ogdﬁrlto coverit’h‘.’ m.-
to assume the osition of eminence that it should -e cos 0 V ng an “Gleam
h . p . i own tiltis years prices has been in-
ave on campus sugura ed.
Hartwick College in Onconta suf-
Th. . fered rill serlious loss a couple weeks
ago w on hair newly opened dorm-
IS    s s - ltory was damn '
god by the.
x y Several men lost their entire ward-
' Efforts to provide frequent entertainment for miles: b00ksi Mid other belonginﬂsi
children at the Albany Home, instead of the an- Egéeghetgylcg‘uﬁfﬁifé‘ grog“ csgr‘gdcintts
nual burst of generosity at Christmas, have finally dim-union. p e e
begun to bear fruit. Pointing out the way for Reporters at Indiana StatcTench-
future activmes along this line, the freshmen staged 91:3. Gonege Indian“ Pam‘sy 1mm“
their entire Big-8 production at the home Wednes- 2%ﬁfgvmgﬁghgujggmbé $333333?
day night—‘and had just as much fun as the kids that college—«none other than James
themselves. Stewart of Hollywood fame. Stow-
Music Council has also joined the effort by set- ﬂig‘fregﬁiﬁagoxgrl‘zti?Scwgaghﬁféﬁ
ting aside several seats for the children at a per- he later transferred to Princeton
formance of the annual Operetta in a few weeks. frcém which lie} received his degree.
Such gestures may involve a lot of trouble, as in "Mus" “’1 entertain a dim”
A ‘ A V . . gulshed visitor March 25 when Mrs.
tl.e case of the frosh. but the result is certainly Franklin Roosevelt “Sm, there “5
worth any amount of work and inconvenience. guest of the United Nations asso-
Now that inertia has been overcome and some- gallon gidsltlrﬂcusek MfI‘S- ROOSeVelt
thing definite is being accomplished, we hope that "9"" e 0 39"“ 0 the United
Nations and its problems as seen
other organizations and individuals will continue through the eyes of a participant m
to support the project. the organization.

By MARJORIE HARLAN D

From the Mouths of Babes

Returning cadet teachers in the
various teacher training institutes
have many interesting tales to tell
of their experiences “in the field”.
For instance we refer to the follow-
ing exert from the Racquctta. of
Potsdam State Teachers College:

“. . . We’ll tell you about the prac-
tice teachers who happened to men-
tion her father one day . . . One
lovely child looked aghast, and in-
quired in the tone of a person who
considers you a contemporary of
Whistlei"s mother-in-law, ‘Do you
mean to say your father is still
ALIVE?’ . . . ‘Why yes, How old do
you think I am?’ Oh ‘about thirty,’
our pride answered. The teacher
who was crowding twenty was re-
covering from this blow when the
coup do grace was delivered: ‘May-
be it's the muscles in your face;
they’re sagging!"

Students at Potsdam as well as a
few other places are campaigning
for more “dressy informals" instead
of the multitude of expensive formal
events which have been so plenti-
ful this year.

Psychology

Child Psychology students at
Skidmorc have had a chance to put
their theory into practice at the
Hawlcy Home. These students have
had the added experience of actually
giving Stanford-Benet, tests to the
children at the home. More oppor-
tunities for the tests in the public
schools of Saratoga are also being
planned to give the students added
experience.

Two representatives of Cambridge
University will soon soil from Eng-
land to America to take part in a
debating tour sponsored by the in-
stituto of international education.
The two young men will meet Yule
Univcrslty on March 21 as the first
event of the tour which will include
19 colleges in i1 different states.

Rensselaer has been successful
in securing Glen Gray and his Casa
Loma Orchestra for their Junior
prom next week end. The RPI Prom
has always constituted one of the
outstanding social events of the
year and this year promises to be
no exception.

The Common-Stator is able” the student latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do not

something new  different was We  there is no doubt in I t  
No. 17 m the ofﬁng for Page Han hamme,s anyone,s mmd that the sets and cos_ necessarily ref so those of e 8 College New.
come Mam" 3"03 Play night our tumes were particularly good. We
C n | D. t anxiety was furthEI' aroused  the especially  the throne room.
0 93 "° 3“ presence of fprinted programs, dim Miss Harvey has pointed the way to
n . . 01' "31118? Tues 3? b tt r roductions thro h close at-
lege for ieiiclicrs, Epublished every Friday of AtESO‘ﬁgtliggle night presentations which led many tgntflionpto these twolnilgortant fea-

A PLAY IN THREE ACTS

Dramatls Personnae: First Student, Second Student,
Third Student (Gear of the Year), Fourth Stu.

dent.
Act 1
Place: New York State University, Albany Teachers
School.

Time: or reading.

lst S: Greetings, 2nd 8: Gotta class?

2nd S: No. Easy day today.

1st 8: How about a cup of coffee at Okees?

2nd S: No thanks, just came from there.

lst S: Are you going to the party?

2nd s: What party?

1st S: The one that the Crimson &: White is throw-
ing. All practice teachers are invited.

2nd S: Yeah, I guess so. We sure have to put up
with a lot to‘get four hours and a B for teaching.

1st 5.: But I hear you can get a recommendation
with a C now.

2nd S: They had to do that. So many people in my
department got C’s.

lst S: Mine too. (Exemt)

ACT 11

Place: Same.

Time: Now.

3rd S: Greetings, 4th S: Gotta class?

4th S: Yeah, but I’m gonna cut it.

3rd S: Did you see Soapbox?

4th S: Yeah. They’re free.

3rd S: I don’t like that stuff. They only give one
side of the question.

4th S: So what? Anyone can have articles in it.

3rd S: But they only give one side.

4th S: Why don’t you check Soapbox with something
else that gives the other side. Then you can arrive
at your own conclusion.

3rd 5:0, I don’t have time for that.

Act III

( Excunt)

Place: Same.
Time: Same.
lst S: I hear Dean Nelson was awa th .
2nd 8.: How about a game of bridgg? is week
3rd S: Have we a fourth?
4th S: Me.
lst S: Nothing ever happens here.
2nd s: Right. We don’t even have a humor magazine.
3rd S: They try to manufacture stuff and it doesn’t
turn out so well.
4Atllll S: I’m transferring to siena next semester.
Root te toot
Root te tool:
We are all
From the Institute.
We do not smoke
We do not chew
We do not go out
With those that do.

With those that do. (Exeunt)

 

College Calendar 

FRIDAY, MARCH 7

11:10 A.M.—Sophomore-freshman Debate in Assem-
bly. Topic—Resolved: "That all members of
mankind shall go through doors backwards.”

3:30-5:00 P.M.——Commuters' Club meeting for a
discussion of purposes of club in the Lounge.

7:00 P.M.——Varslty meets Plattsburg here. Potter
gllpb meets Lippman’s Pharmacy in prelimin-

'es.

7:00 P.M.—Junlor Varsity mccts Albany Business
College at the YMCA. Finks meet ABC Junior
Varsity in preliminaries.

7:00;.3f—Bi'iiiiclcis Society “0nt Shabot" at Hillel
-u .

SATURDAY, MARCH 8
8:00-12 midnight—statesmen Date Party in the
Commons.
TUESDAY, MAItCIl ll
12 poem—Music Council recording hour in Room 28
Richardson.

3:30-5:00 P.M.——Uscd Book Exchange open in the
lower hall of Draper for students to collect
money and books.

7:30 P.M.-—~Pilll Amigos meeting in the Lounge. Mr.
Jesse Stinnard will speak on Mexico.

8:30 P.M.—1Advanced Dramatics will present its
last two plays of the season. Grace Jones, '48,
Mary Tclian, ’47. directors.

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12

3:30 P.M.-—F‘orum meeting in the Lounge.

7:30 P.M.~chiitc with Union College on the topic,
Resolved: “The U. S. maintain compulsory mili-
tary training in peace time."

THURSDAY, MARCH 13

4:30 P.M.—Myskiinia-freshman basketball game in
Page Hall gym.

7:30 P.M.——Pi Omega Pl business meeting in the
Lounge.
SATURDAY, MARCH 15
8:00 P.M.——State Fair.

STAT! COLLIOI NIWI.

 

 

FRIDAY. MARCH 7, 1947

FAQ. I

 

English Film Version Of "Henry V"

Retains Spirit Of Shakespeare Drama.

The chronic complaint of the
modern movie-goer, boiled down to
its simplest form, is that most Hol-
lywood "epics" aren't worth half
the price of admission. Occasionally,
however, the industry produces.
something with merit, and Shake-
speare's “Henry V” rises undisput-
ed to the top of the list.

It is extremely fortunate for all
who appreciate and enjoy the Bard
that the taint of Hollywood is com-
pletely lacking in this ail-English
picture, but makes glarineg appar-
ent the fact that American produ-
cers, with an abundance of money
and talent, have been pitifully out-
stripped by a group of intelligent
artists working under complex dif-
ficulties.

Henry V, viewed Wednesday in- a
preview at the Colonial theatre,
lives up to all the publicity and
praise showered on it from endless
sources. Not one oppoxtunlty has
been missed in the attempt to trans-
fer Shakespeare from stage to
screen without losing the original
spirit and flavor. The film is pre.
ceded by four minutes of pure inu-
sic before the first shot of Elizabe-
thian London begins the action.

The audience is transferred to
the Globe theatre on an afternoon
in 1600 for a performance of “The
Cronicle History of Henry the
Fifth,” and the first three scenes are
viewed on the stage there. The
nobles sit on stools around the edge
of the stage, while the groundlings
in the pit express their approval or
derision of the action in noisy com-
ments. Shakespeare’s stage, with
all its limitations, is complete in
every detail, from the curtained a1-
cove to the balcony above, Thus,
before the scene dissolves into the
massive sets employed for the re-
mainder of the film, there is an
ample chance to view the drama in
the setting for which it was written.

Schedule Dance
For Milne Paper

“Crimson and White,” the Milne
School paper, has scheluled a can-

'teen dance April 18 in the Page

Hall Gym. Money collected will be
used for the benefit of the paper.

The theme selected for the dance
is a night-club atmosphere, and gym
decorations will carry out this
scheme. Arrangements for enter.
tainment include an orchestra for
dancing and a floor show.

Admission for each person is $.60,
and tickets may be obtained from
staff members of the “Crimson and
White." All State College students
are invited.

Slim/2‘ 8w

 

 

 

 

The Physics Department received
a truck load of surplus material
through the State Department of
Education, this week to be used for
spare parts. According to Dr. Clll'll‘-
les Andrews, Professor of Physics,
the surplus Nnvy material con-
tained a. motor generator set, sev-
eral transmitters and receivers, and
a radio direction fiiidcr.

 

 

 

The Statesman will hold o. Date
Party tomorrow night iii the Com—
mons from 8-12 F. M., according to
William Mui'slaiid, ’47, President.
David Jack, ’49, is general choir-
muii for the affair with Harold
Weber, '47, assisting.

Dr. C. Luther Andrews, Professor
of Physics, and Mrs. Andrews, and
Miss Snru MncGoniigle, Instructor
ill Romance Languages, will act as
chnpci'oncs.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2 BARRIERS—NO WAITING
2I0 Central Avenue Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

Ii. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
IITAILIIMID I90!) FHONI 4 "II.
‘37 CENTRAL AVE
ALBANY.N v

 

 

Omissions Add to Drama

While the script is for the most
part extremely close to the original
drama, there have been a few omis-
sions and additions, but these aid
the story instead of hindering it.
Falstaff’s death scene, employing
dialogue from “Henry IV," gives
much to the film that is not present
in the play. Similar additions and
subtractions have been skillfully
employed to advantage.

Chief credit goes to Laurence
Olivier, who produced and directed
“Henry V" in addition to playing
the title role. The actor recruited
costume designers, art directors, and
numerous other technicians usually
overlooked by professional movie-
makers ,did the casting, and sup-
plied most of the poetic ideas in
cutting and transition.

Critics Praise Production

Critics have been more than gen-
erous with praise for this bold ven-
ture. Typical comment is that of
Time: “Henry V” is one of the great
experiences in the history of mo-
tion pictures. It is not. to be sure,
the greatest: the creation of new
dramatic poetry is more important
than the recreation of old. For such
new poetry, movies offer the richest
opportunity since Shakespeare's
time, and some of them have made
inspired use of the chance. But
Henry V is a major achievement
-—-tlliS perfect. marriage of great
dramatic poetry with the greatest
cmiien'ipornry medium for express-
ing it."

The film will be shown at the
Colonial theatre for five days, be-
ginning Monday, with an afternoon
and evening performance each day.

 

4am 0n 74¢ 4m ‘

Robert Bennett, President of Grad
Club. has announced plans for a
pancake supper to be held at the
Y.W.C.A., Thursday, March 27, at
6 P. M. for all graduate students
and their guests. The committee
chairmen are: Charles Gilman, pub-
licity; Emory Tooley, entertain-
ment; Robert Bennett, food; Mer-
ton Blanchard, tickets. John Rog-
ers will be at the piano for inter-
lude music and group singing and
there will be vic music for dancing.
The menu is to consist of pancakes,
syrup, sausage, and coffee.

Eleanor Merritt, and Marie Bal—
ford, Juniors, will be speakers at a
Math club meeting to be held Wed-
nesday, March 19, in Room 101 at
7:30 PM.

The Student Christian Movement
of New York which is made up of
the Student Christian Association
groups of the state will hold 0. din—
ner Saturday, April 12, in Troy.

Inter—Group Council has appoint-
ed Mary Alcthia Clicathain and
Rose Berg, Sophomores, to be in
charge oi" the Folk Festival that will
take place Saturday, April 19, in
Page Hnll.

BOULEVARD

l98~200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Frosh Don Big-Eight Finery
For Albany Orphans Show

The freshmen, in all their Big-
eight finery and eighteenth cen-
tury splendor, headed for the
Albany Children’s Home Wednes-
day night to perform their Big~
eight once again. With no holds
barred, the frosh set out to en-
tertain . . . and entertain they
did. The Albany Orphans out-
did the State College students
with yells and screaming . . . no
sedate applause for them. How-
ever, a. few discreet changes were
necessary to accommodate the
six to sixteen group. “Sweet-
heart” became “Honey Bunch"
and h--- emerged as heck. But
the sets remained the same, and
the costumes suffered no dam-
ages.

What have the frosh to say
about the whole affair? They
seem to think theirs was the best
part of the bargain. For this
time they were entertained. too.
It seems the orphans gave a pret-
ty good show, themselves, with-
out one rehearsal to their credit.

 

 

4wuh‘4f 4001M

 

 

 

PHONE 5-1913

“MEET ANI) EAT

Dr. John M. Sayles is showing
marked improvement and next week
it is expected that he will be allow—
ed to sit up in bed. If he continues
to improve. he will be returned from
the hospital within the next two
weeks.

Miss Grace Martin, Instructor of
Art in Milne High School, became
the bride of Mr. Louis A. Thomas
on Monday, February 24, in Morris-
town, New Jersey. Mr. Thomas,
who is from New Hampshire, is em-
ployed by the International Adver-
tising Department of the Radio
Corporation of America. Mrs.
Thomas plans to resign in June, at
which time the couple will make
their home in Camden, New Jersey.

Pic. William G. Kennedy, son of
Mr. William G. Kennedy, Assistant
Professor of Chemistry, was gradu-
ated from the Air Training Com-
mand’s airplane mechanics training
course at Kessler Field, Mississippi,
recently. Pfc. Kennedy was one of
the three honor men in his class.

Tommy, son of Mrs. Martha Egel-
ston, Instructor in History, has re-
turned home from the hospital, fol-
lowing a serious illness. He is re-
ported doing well.

Dr. Maiy Goggin. Instructor in
Latin, has returned to teach part-
time following a serious operation.

Mr. George M. York, Professor of
Commerce, is back after being ill
with a cold and car trouble. Pro—
fossor York said he had been deaf
and dumb, but is "not deal any
more."

Mr. Elton A. Butler, Instructor in
Mathematics. has returned from the
hospital where he was treated for
:1 recent illness.

OAFETERIA

AT THE BO U I.”

ALBANY. N. Y

 

 

8mil 

DIAL 44125

 

“Buy Where the Flowers Grow”

FLORIST Sr GREENHOUSE

SPECIAL ATTENTION to Sororities and Fraternities

Wagcngast

OUR ONLY STORE

8mm“

Dear Editor:

I think it is time something was
done about the "growing" classes at
State College. As I understand it
classes here are supposed to be fifty
minutes long, but mine seems to be
extending on both sides.

Some of my teachers insist on
coming to class 9 minutes before
class begins. They then stand
around for seven or eight with an
eye on the clock, acting as a damp-
er on conversation (and preparation
for class). These teachers begin
before the class bell rings, and the
student who comes in just before
the bell rings is given a dirty look
and is painfully marked present.

But these very same instructors
who begin before the legal time
never give out the assignment until
the closing bell sounds. Therefore
all students must stay 4 or 5 min-
utes extra for an explanation of the
next meeting's lessor. They escape
only after the class. for the next
period practically forces its way into
the classroom.

The students should take action
against this “growing” evil before
they find themselves with only one
class a day.

Teachers should try to realize
that a class in Draper is often fol-
lowed by one on the third floor of
Richardson, and every minute of
the 10 allotted is needed to reach
the next class on time. We would
all appreciate it if our instructors
would be a little more considerate
and plan their classes to run the
scheduled 50 minutes instead of
the present 58%.

 

Weary Racer.

March 12 Deadline
For Renting Gowns

Frank Woodworth, President of
'47. has announced to all who
plan to receive Bachelor’s degrees
in June, that the deadline for rent-
ing caps and gowns is Wednesday,
March 13.

Two school requirements for
those receiving diplomas are that
they attend commencement exer-
cises and that they wear caps and
gowns. The GI's will be taken care
of through the Veteran's Adminis-
tration and graduate caps and
gowns will be handled by the Grad-
uate Association. The rental fee for
undergraduates is $2.50.

Knouse Teaches Night Class

Dr. Reno S. Knouse, Instrutor in
Commerce, has been teaching night
classes in Business Management and
Organization, this semester. The
class, sponsored by the Bureau of
Business Education of the State
Department, has been attended by
business men of Schenectady, from
the General Electric Company.

GEO. E. NAGENGAST & SONS

Albany’s Favorite Flower Shop

ORCHIDS —- GARDENIAS — ROSES
CORSAGES for any occasion

Washington and Main Streets

J. MICHAEL HIPPICK—State Representative

Legislature Bill

. Outlaws Strikes

By Civil Servants

Amendment Provides
For Dismissal Clause

The Condon-Wadiin Bill to out-
law striking by public servante was
amended late Wednesday afternoon,
with a clause providing for auto-
matic dismissal of civil servants or
public employees who strike. In Its
original form the bill provided a
penalty of dismissal, suspension.
fine or reduction of the salary to
the minimum.

Despite this stronger measure,
the bill states that public employees
may express grievances if they do
not interfere with the performance
of duties. In amending the bill, I
strike has been defined as “any
willful absence from one's job for
the purposes of inducing, inﬂuenc-
ing or coercing a change in salary
or working conditions."

Conditions for Rehlring

According to the bill as amended
Wednesday, public employees may
be rehired only on the following
conditions:

1. His compensation shall not ex-
ceed that received immediately pri-
or to the time of his striking.

2. His compensation shall not be
increased until three years, after
his re-employment.

3. Such person shall be on proba-
tion for five years after his re-
employment, during which period
he shall serve without tenure and
at the pleasure of the appointing
officer or body.

Teacher’s Association Objects

The New York State Teacher’s
Association has formally objected to
the Condon-Wadlin bill in its or-
iginal form.

Dr. Francis T. Spaulding, Com-
missioner of Education, has offered
an invitation to representative
groups of teachers to send delegates
to meet with Governor Dewey’s
committee on education. He has
expressed the view that some
amendments may be made to pres-
ent teacher salary legislation now
under consideration.

Requests State Fair Posters

Alice Prindle, ’48, Chairman of
State Fair, has announced that all
group houses should make one post-
er concerning their concession or
show so the posters may be up
early next week.

Also, all group houses, fraterni-
ties, and sororities are reminded
that they must report to school the
Sunday morning after State Fair
for general clean-up.

Telephone 8-0434

 

 

 

SWEET

785 Madison Ave.

Home Made

 

 

 

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

MADISON

SODAS -—- CANDY -— SANDWICHES
Luncheon Served Daily

S H 0 P
ALBANY, N. Y.

ICE CREAM

 

 

 

OPEN DAILY AT I A. hm ‘ .

 
 
  
  
   
 

 

 

 

 

       
   
   

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
 

,2

. ‘ﬁ_

  

