     

  , "  l 
 With all all our- talk «about awakening 

xworld loan awareness of State’s existence ceme‘s

‘ " "ﬁttbhution .of ‘an “Education Bulletin” by our“ I s 

 

 
 
  
 
 

  

 

 'fdcllltYa ‘ -‘ '

.: bulletin seeks to combat ,the adverse public ‘
 about teachers’ colleges: in generaland: the! . - '
editorial staff and Dr. McIlwain'e, in ,particdlar,
'who wrote the first publication deserve’a lot of

credit for producing such' a masterpiece.

The faculty have started the “We’re proud to be
a teachers’ college” trend and now its up to usto

help carry the idea through. .

~The attitude of a sneering public towards this
type at college'is too often reﬂected in the students

'r

--:-~=~1 I -  _ »-!1'A'rr..i:.oi.uaa . NIWIrg'mD'AY.” one... a. ,1 e47 -

'v 0-- .- 4% ,_. 

 

Our anachronistic friend, Mr.
Samuel Pepys, rolled into town this
week on the old Blood is Cinders
RR. Discarding. his ca’ne for an
O’Brien pogo-stick, and led by an
Overwhelming sense of misdirec-

tion, he came once more to State

College. Spearheading his drive
with a beribboned cocked hat, he
established a beachhead in the

ther'nselt'es. We as students of a teachers’ college, commons at momma, 0m- report.
cando much’towards developing a healthy attitude 91'. a delighted idiot, was duly ﬂat-

just by being proud of our school and by generous-

1y showing cur pride.

Many State students chose this} as their in-

tered when Mr. Pepys recognized
her through.- the cloud formations,
on the far side of this holocaust o
cavorting bodies and conniving
cardsharks. as she skimmed through

stitution of learning merely because their finances an Anthology of English Verse,

didn’t permit them to attend a more fashionable
schools Even though this might have been the
motivating inﬂuence that drew these students into

($2.50, (lo-op) searching desperate-'-
ly for another author from whom
to plagiarize. Mr. Pepys wordlessly,
and with a stiff bow—he had Just

State, their reasons for wishing to stay should he been shoved in and out of the 2;.
much different. State can be only as good as the Ray line—presented her with the

students and faculty make it and from all appear-
ances the faculty is going all Out to put State on

top. Now its up to us.

One of the most important things—drop those
apologetic, shrinking violet airs when you feel forc-
ed to acknowledge that you attend State! Instead

familiar pocket diary in which
there were several fresh entries.
She removed the cigarette butt from
her mouth long enough to mutter,
“Saved!” and immediately fell to
copying . . . .

Monday—Back once more to this

’ noble university. and do find, at

let’s take on an air of confidence and assurance this writing, somethmg which cheers
when we speak of our school and let people know my frosty heart. Glad am I to see

we’re proud to go to State.

that the young women here are for-
saking their former unaccustomed

State has a high academic rating. State has one inan 0‘ dressmg» and are once more

of the most democratic student governments in the
state, and State, if we might be so bold as to blow

outfitting themselves as becomes
young women. The 'necklines are
more and more succumbing to this

our own horn, has an All-American paper. Why lately-found Law of Gravity, and

should we apologize for our school?

their skirts boast of much length
and fullness. Exceedingly amused

Yet, every so often, we find students, especially was I to hear this rte-acquired soft-

when home on vacations, laughing apologetically
when asked where they go to school. Most of us
are proud of State and if those few who aren’t,
aren’t interested enough to let that pride rouse it-

self in them, then the least they can do for the

ness spoken of as “Ye New Locke.”
Alas and lack-a-dayi Know they

6W

 

 

rest of us is say nothing at all. If you don’t want To the Editor:

to praise State; don’t be so eager to condemn it

either.

The faculty are doing their part. What do you
say we pitch in and start lending a helping hand.

 

STATE CCLLEGE NEWS

Eihblllhed May 1916
By the Class of 1918
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN

 

Vol. XXXII December 5, 1947 NO. 11

Member
Associated Collegiate Press

ills! ribuLor
Colloglnle lllgou!

.. _
lln. undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-

lege for 'l'eui-lu-ru; iuhlishcd every l“l‘lllll

' i y of the Eli '-
y’eur by the MO“; "illil‘il for the iiimlonl iinnoi-(illilllll.
lllllllun: Mny. 2-illlo, (.‘olornnn illlll "(It'lll’iii'd' 2-0120: Zinnl.

3-0538; (.‘lnrk 2-0870. Members oi‘ the news stuff may be
reached ’l’uou., and Wed. from 7 lo llzlill l'. .\i. at lisililll,

 

The News Board

ANN MAY . . . . . .
CAROL CLARK - - . . .
ILLIN ROCHFORD - . . .
PAULA TICHV - - . .
FRANCE. liNNl - -

‘ lDlTOR-lN-CNIIF
MANAGING IDITOI
MANAGING EDITOR

IVORY. IDITOR
CIRCULATION MANAGIR

RITA COLIMAN - - - - - - sovarmuuo
CHARLOTTE LALLY - - . ausmzau' mason
lLlll LANDAU . - - “secure Intros
JIAN PULVIR u - - - AISOCIATI KDiTOll

JIAN IPINCSR - - - AIIOCIATI Intros

 

 

All communications should he addressed in tho i‘llliill‘ and
lllllili be signed. Names will he Wllllllulil upon l‘oqlloul.
'l‘lw STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in Its columns or commlllilttlillolm
as such expreal one do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

-8

It has been a long standing gripe
that State students do not support
State functions. Yet, why do the
organizations present more than
one activity on one night? It is im-
possible to take in two'speakers and
a basketball game in the span of
two or three hours.

We thinlc that a lot of students
would have liked to have heard Dr.
Jones Wednesday night, but many
were torn between the speaker and
the first State basketball game.
What an emotional conflict this pre-
sents to the average student!

There weren't many present at
the game and we think that this
was due to the fact that there were
two visiting speakers. If there is a

logical reason for this state of of-

fairs, will someone please inform

us and see if it can't be corrected?
Two Disgusted Seniors



By JEAN meou.'_‘1._.',.._____

 

 .ln-

 

»

 

 

By seem ileum 

This Reporter is given the mom latitude “a. author
of this column, although his viewpoints do not noose»
rarity reﬂect those of the Sun WIQEBNDWS;

Not that the Varsity and_J. V. players don't have
it rough enough already, with no academic and very
little other recognition for all the time and energy

 

not that femininity is neither new
nor old, but timeless and enduring
in its potency upon men? I often
spoke of this to our pantry maid,
where-upon my fair wife would wax
wroth, and hide my fur tippet on
blustery . days.)

Tuesday—Oh, but these sorority
wenches and their strange customs
are far beyond my poor compre-
hensions! Upon my first visit to
this place, I did perceive a fine Sense
of organization among them. Most
noteworthy among their enterprises
was that of escorting, in small arm-
ies, the freshmen women, as these
neophytes went hither and yon in
their helter skelter fashion of edu-
cation. This I thought most charit-
able of the sorority women, as it was
no doubt for the purpose of allaying
homesickness in the newcomers.

Forsooth and now all is changed!
Methinks that there must have been
a great falling out between the two
groups of gir15. for there is naught
of speaking or communication be-
tween them anymore. This am I
sad to see, for it truly doth seem
unwarranted that. in this confused
world, such an infinity of small bar-
riers be raised amongst groups like
these. It would seem far more pleas-
sant to me that these sorority wom-
en might even ask some of the fresh-
men to join their organizations.

Wednesday—Was enticed this eve-
ning to attend a gathering of many
students in the gymnasium. The
purpose of all this seemed to be the
watching of ten young men, who,
scantily attired, fought each other
for possession and manipulation of
a leather ball. By my faith and the
crowd grew much excited over which
“team” had the ball!

But I, truth to tell, was more in-
terested in the game that was played
in the intervals of the young men’s
game. As soon as the men would
cease their running and jumping.
four young maidens, dressed all in a
similar manner, would run out upon
the floor, and start a series of rhy-
thmic waving of arms and leaping,
accompanied by shouting in a
strange language. Much astounded
was I to see the crowd join in and
encourage this hysterical form of ex-
pression I found one girl in par-
ticular most fascinating. She seemed
to have discovered the secret of per-
petual motion, and was intent upon
observing all the forms of this game
with equal vigor. I asked a youth
sitting beside me if he had any ex-
planation for her frantic activity.
He gave me a most cryptic reply.
“Aw, she just loves life."

Indeed. later that evening. as I
support my pot of tea, it occurred to
me that an excessive “love of life"
was as plausible an explanation as
any for the outlandish behavior of
these State students.

 

Student Tax ................................. _.
Student Organizations
Paid on Alumni pledges

' Miscellaneous receipts
Interest credited to ............. ..

Total expenses 

 

Report on Student
Facilities Fund

SEPTEMBER 11, ION-NOVEMBER 28, 1047
Receipts

 

 
 

(total pledges, $10,120.00)

 

 

Total receipts ..................... ..

Expenditures

Stamps, stationery, mimcograph
Miscellaneous expenses 

Balance (In custody of
Benevolent Association) 
Bond Account
'I‘otal bonds (maturity,vulue) ........................................ .. a 3,550.00
Respectfully submitted.
Ralph A. Beaver
Treasurer, Student Facilities Board

$18,886.00
.. 3,619.02
 1,067.00

10.25
|650.29
............... .. $24,240.50
15.30
15.30
 ,. 50.77
the
$24,181.70

 

 

they spend, but now the idea has arisen that perhaps

any letter man should be denied the privilege of

playing intramural ball at any ‘time after earning

his letter. It seems rather petty to legislate against,
this group of fellows who have already done ’so much

for the school, without considering its legal aspect

in the light of the fact that they aren't exempt frOm

the student tax, Perhaps this year there is an un-i
usually high number of ex-lettermen playing intra-

mural basketball, but still every man who has shown

any interest has been given an opportunity to play,

southere's not much excuse to pass any “sour grapes”

ru ng. '

SEE YOU AT OCKIES

Driven to who knows where last Tuesday afternoon
were those accustomed to having a pleasurable time
dancing in the Commons while waiting for late trains,
since music was forbidden by the administration.

Of course the half dozen (by actual count) students
in the library at two thirty had to be considered even
though it was the day before vacation. Only trouble
is at the other places music costs money and refresh-
ments, too, must be bought. Too bad we can’t work
out a system whereby Campus Commission may buy
records for a few of the local “establishments” where
the students have to go to relax.

CHRISTMAS IS COMING

SMILES is giving all the girls of SCT a chance to
do something worthwhile by providing them with
yarn with which to knit small things for the chil-
dren at the Albany Home. Can’t think of a better
reason to give instructors, either. No argyle socks,
please! SMILES is to be congratulated for this idea.

 

Heartfelt thanks this week from the students who
frequent the library go to those responsible for open-
ing the door by the entrance to the Commons.

Not quite so happy are the practice teachers and
those who have nine o'clock classes in Milne,

Several mornings each week Page Hall is locked and
to be on time, one must brave whatever weather hap-
pens to be occurring outside in a dash to Milne minus
any outdoor clothing.

 

Just for the record we are all in favor of sororities
and fraternities in general; we think they do a lot of
physical and moral good for both the school and the
individual. However, the sororities in particular do
have a very poor rushing system. in practice, at least,
if not in theory, and we still believe what we said in
the last issue to be the facts.

CHAIRS YOU CAN SIT ON

The committee on refurnishing the Commons re-
ported to Student Council yesterday. This is the com-
mittee set up in a special (hectic as usual) assembly
near the end of last semester, after the original ap-
propriation had heed withdrawn. With the increas-
ing frequency of the cry “Those damn chairs, I’ve
got another run," there should be quick action.

Also in the line of unfinished business is the huge
Student Facilities Fund about which everyone theor—
izes but no one knows. In the meantime the Commut-
ers are still walking the streets nights.

 

Let’s show up for the games tonight and Tomor-
row and get behind the team. Freshmen women
should all come after buffet suppers. We predict two
victories this Week. Don't forget to bring your stu-
dent tax ticket.

 

Don't, don’t, don't. delay. Buy those Christmas
Semi-Formal tickets and Join the crowd making this,
our biggest affair in a long, long time, a huge success.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5
3:30 P.M.——Intcr-Varsity Bible study. with Mrs.
Trevor, speaker. in Room 150 Draper.
7:15 P.M.—Vnrsity basketball game with Massachu—
setts State, Page Hull Gym.

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 0
5:30 P.M.—«Cupitol District. Student. Christian Move-
ment. dinner at Union College.
7:15 P.M.~—Vlu'slty basketball game with Pluttsburg,
Page Hull Gym.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 0
3:30 P.M.~Joini. meeting of Spanish, French and
Classical Clubs in the Lounge.
5:30 P.M.»~Sorority pledge services.

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER. 10
NoellM—SCA Chapel in the Unitarian Chapel.

’I‘llﬁilliSllAY, DECEMBER. 11
Noon~~Inter~Viuslty worship, Room 28.
3:30 P.M.~—Regular business meeting of Forum of
Politics in the Lounge.
7:30 P.M.——-Newman Club meeting.
7:30 P.M.——SOA general meeting in the Lounge.
Theme: ‘Ohrlstrnas in other Lands!

‘  _,

 

an}:

 

 

 

-J.

 

Recently state college has been
receiving taverable‘ comment from
all parts of gthe country—distant
Canada, education-poor Florida,

    
    
   

.3;

 ' ’ l " ' ' “ "STATE COLLIC

’lPIa‘ih Tal_|[<”_AroosesNation~el,,Commen
ert w. Frederick, Director of Train: 5

in, acts a ubllcation indicator- and V
g S p d Elaine Forsyth, Assistant Professor

Members Of the editorial board are

.. ,... - .. 1 . .,...
‘A .._ I; v

,.

 nish; Mary E. Conklin, Instruc:
‘ Supervisor in 'English; Dr.

Dr. J. W. Chiiders, Professor of of.,.Geography; and Dr...Oscar. E.

 

am even tne‘ "sovereign" state,-
Texas. The cause in all this ms-
turoauce is a small bulletin best
knoWu as "mam Labs," written by

Dr. Smeius lVLUgJWallle, Professor. at :

English, auu dealing Will!) the prob-
lems or state teacher-5' colleges, us-
mgour uwu college as a leading ex-
ample. 4 ’ v '

Ivauuavahlllg the article, states Dl
Mcuwaulc, La Due race that. but:
pilgrim. at. tile Harmon’s teachers 001-
leach snoqu be an important topic
or ulaUuaaiuLi, and mom than that,
a. basis lof acmon. ‘l‘ne purpose or
these bulletins, as expresseu Dy Dr.
lVLUliW’dilie, is: (l) to wake up the
idyllic“ mm euueuwl‘s ill kill Ilelub
to tilt: loci. that the teacuers’ coi-
iegus vitally concern mom; (2) t0
Dung Lilo colitis UOMSgc faculty to
but: study or problems that confront.
students and Leucners in institutions
MAC uuaa. rulucuinl'ly stressed 'ls
Lllt: met that the more spectacular
Guilt:ch uo not. seem to realize that
u. is one Leacners' colleges whlcn
determine the character of their
lresnman classes.

Among those commenting 15 Dr
Benjamin Fine, Educational Editor
of the “New York Times,” who re-
marks, “I- think you are domg an
excellent job." Dr. Charles W.
Hunt, President of Oneonta State
Teachers’ College, declares: “It is
obvxously a great job, much needed
and Well done. . . . this kind of
gospel should go over the whole
country.”

Thus far? requests for the publi-
cation. have so far exceeded the
supply that a reprinting is being
considered. , Approximately one
thousand copies have been sent
throughout the continent; conse-
quently not even State’s own fac-
ulty is assured of copies. High
school principals, imWSpaper editors,
officers of Parent—Teachers' Associ-
ations, community leaders and col-
leges have created this somewhat
surprising demand.

“Plain Talk About Toachers' Col-
leges” is actually the title of an
issue of the Education Bulletin" of
State College, published last; spring.
In the future each number of the
"Bulletin" is to be written by a
member of the faculty after dis-
cussion with his colleagues and the
"Bulletin" staff. At present Dr.
Mcllwnlnc is editor, while Dr. Rob-

 

State Accepts Public
Relations Group Invitation

The New York State College for
Teachers became a member of the
American College Public Relations
Association this week when Dr.
Milton G. Nelson, Dean and Acting
President. of State College. accepted
Llw'lllVlLilLloll issued to this col-
logo by the Association.

The American College Public
Relations Association is u luiiionul
organization 01‘ college public re-
lations and publicity personnel tluli
bus been actively engaged in the
advancement und muintenuncc of
hiin oducniionul stundurds for the
post. iliil'ly-onc yours.

I! has more than seven hundred
members including such institutions
us Union College. Coiguto Univer-
sity, University of Kentucky, Indi-
ullu University. Smith College.
lil‘ou’n University, The ’I‘cuclu‘rs
Collcgs 0! Columbia University, mid
'l‘ulunc University.

Pool (1. liiulgor, (Jo-ordilulim' of
Mel! Service um! l‘ublil- ltcluilons,
is liu- b‘luil' College roprosen!nilvo
lo l.ll1‘ A.(‘;.l'.R.A.

10 School Days 'Til Vacation

Who lulsn‘i noticed the consid-
eruto service Commuters Club is
rendering lo the whole of Student.
AHSiX‘llllllill? Only 10 more school
(iuys '11]! Christmas vuouiiou. mute
the bulletin board now.

OTTO ll. MENDE

Tn: COLLIII JIWILII
103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

DR. SHIELDS McILWAINE

 

 

NoiionolConlesl
Will Discover
’Wriling Talent

A nation-wide contest to discover
people who “think” they can write
short stories or create ideas for mo-
tion *pictures, movie titles, 01‘ radio
shows has been announced by Writ-
ers Talent Scout, Incorporated.

Prizes totaling several thousand
dollars and a ten week Hollywood
writer's contract will be awarded the
winning contestants. $1000 will be
given for the best. story submitted,
$300 for the second best and $200 for
the third. Cosmopolitan magazine
will pay $1,500 for serial rights to the
winning story. For the best plot
from which a. motion picture can be
made. the winner will receive $1000
and a ton week writing contract at
$187.50 per Week. plus transporta-
Lion.

Writers Talent Scout will also on-
deavor. as the author‘s literary
agent. to sell all promising motor-
ial so that stories of merit will not
be forgotten simply because they
failed to win an award. Furlhcr in-
formation may be obtained by writ-
ing the Writers Talent Scout. Inc.
1067 N. Fairfax Avenue. Hollywood,
California, which requests that. no
manuscripts be sent without first
writing for further infornulilmi.

Lanfo'rd, Professor of Chemistry. “

Several copies of “Plain Talk"

are available to those of State Col-'
lege on the magazine shelf in. the

State To Enter
Undergraduates .

 

ln Bridge Contest

An invitation to compete in the
1948 National Intercollegiate Bridge

Tournament Was recently received

by State‘College, as well as 317 other
colleges and universities accredited
by the Association of American Uni—
versities. Plans for the tournament
were announced by Nelson B. Jones,
director of Faunce House, Brown
University. and Chairman of the
Intercollegiate Bridge Tournament
Committee.

In the near future the rules for
State’s participants will be an-
nounced. according to Diane Web-
ber. ’50, chairman of the committee
in charge of the tournament. Reg-
ulations as announced by the Inter-
collegiate Committee are as follows:
only undergraduates are eligible to
play in the duplicate Contract
Bridge event for the title and tro-
phy; a prcllmim-ay round will be
played by mail in February. and
the sixteen highest ranking pairs
will meet for the face-toiface finals
at the Drake Hotel in Chicago on
April 23 and 24.

There is no cost‘to the competing
colleges or the players. since the
event is supported by the Inter-col»
legiato Bridge Tournament commit-
tee. which is composed of a group of
college alumni and officials inter-
ested in developing Contract Bridge
us an intercollegiate sport in which
men and women can compete on an
equal basis.

Last year‘s Intercollegiate tourna-
ment was won by the team from the
University of California.

 

Zionists To Meet Monday

The Zionist organizations of Al-
buuy will hold a mass meeting Mon-
duy evening, December 8, in the
mnln ballroom of the Ten Eyck Ho-
tel. This meeting is to celebrate the
United Nations vote in favor of the
partition of Palestine and the es-
tablishinan of Jewish and Arab
sluice. The program will include
sm'llkl‘l‘s of national and local fume,
and Cluucing. State College has been
invited to attend.

 

      

   

    
 

time -— for a

   
   
  

     

  

 

 

“My demands are a two-hour week on my homework—and
a pack and at half of Deniyuc Chewing Gum for overtime.

"Fact is. Po , it'll even be a treat to study over .
bonus of swell, nifty-ruling Dantrns

Chewing Gum! And don't forget, Dantynahelm i

keep my teeth white, loo." r

Dantyne GumwMads Only By Adam - ‘

 

 

 

“ “ ‘57ATEI‘ ‘

 

um. minis-v,“ one?! ."‘-'544L.p‘  

 -

. , y stasis;  

 ;. ‘

Lists {Assists 

For E. i. For 

AgnesE. Futterer, Assistant Pro-
fessor of: English. has announced
the casts of the three one-act plays
to be presented by Elementary
Dramatics on January 13. ‘

The cast for, the tragedy will ins

,clude Joseph Crucilla, ’50, as Tor'n-'

maso Corce; Mabel Totten, _’50, as
Anna; Judith Serebnick. '50, as Sig-
nora Rees; Richard Clark, '50, as
Lecci; James Baumgarten, ’50, as
Frances Clmetta; Margaret Howard,
’50, asﬁosa; and Earle Jenes, ’50,‘
as the policeman. . .

Casted for the comedy are Asher
Berton, ’50, King;"‘Joan French, '50,
Queen; Rhoda Riber. ’50, Princess
Camilla; Martin Bush, '50, Chan-
cellor; Shirley Shapiro, '49, Dulci-
bella; Anthony Prochilo, ’50, Prince
Simon; and George Christy, ‘50,
Carlo.

A folk play will be cast with
Jeanne Valachovic, ’49, as Mrs. Ca-
hill; Lorine Schnin. '50, Vlrs. Mur-
phy;. Pauline Thompson, '50, Mrs.
Callahan; Rose Mary Willsey. ’50,
Ellen Murphy; Robert Wilcox, ’49,
Officer Tnmilton; William Lyons,
'50, Officer Burns.

These plays are under the direc—
tion of Miss Futterer.

5E3 Announces Plans

For Syracuse Exams

The Student Employment Bu-
reau has received an announcement
that the City of Syracuse will con-
duct its annual examinations for
prospective teachers interested in
the above school system on Janu-
ary 1'7. 1948, at the Central High
School, Syracuse. New York. As a
result of these examinations nssigs-
ments will be released. Any per-
sons lnierestcd in details of this
examination may obtain them from
the SEB office.

 

‘lhs CAMPUS
Style 8600
‘0 .45

booted year/30 \

cw witch/Awe

other styles

$9.45 to $12.50

  
 

Bilge.” And,  iii
_ Joint Speaker‘s-{L2}?
Plans For Coor id's

   

Speakers at 'a' meeting cramps ‘

Phi Kappa, national education frat-
ernity, on Tuesday nightware El-
m‘er Mathews, Director of‘ theel stu’r
dent Employment Bureau, an ,Pau
Buiger, Co-ordinator of ‘Fi'elld'l Sew”
ice and Public Relat , Tu .
spoke first on their ldmffuﬁlm

,ganlzation's and how thlsblmpimtel‘tl
through the school, then outlinedl

activities for Kappa Phi Kappa for;
the year. A , v g V

Ways in which Kappa Phi Kappa
can correlate its activities with
both burtaus were discussed andlin
connection with these outlines and

1.511

Il'?

propoaals, several committeesmeroim

appointed.

. u:qu l‘ubiir.

Samuel Dickieson, ’48,,oaind 12mm},
' M rrltt, '49, w r  e .. .
e”; e e  

find out what is being

State Department in regardl‘tb-pulli‘

liclty for the State Teachers Col-
leges, Albany State in particular.
An assembly committee of Wil-
linm Baldwin, ‘48. Thomas Lisker,
and Joseph Franchello, Juniors, was
chosen to find out and report to
the fraternity on the. best kind‘pf
program to present iriliihe- ' “
assembly. )")l"J-",'l'}l o. o‘

-,i
1’:

down 1:.

'.
)lf‘.

Henry, Druschel. Graduateplﬂuulml
Lis ‘Pfaff, ’48, Dale Wood,,.,’49.,.,wei:§iw
ne ;

chosen to represent State at a pa
discussion to be held in Coxsackie
High School on December 9, to re-
port on the teaching profession to
the students there.

A committee whose purpose is to
investigate what is being done here

at State College in tl}p.,i£st,1‘{dclt%]ol}m
s

of students in Teachers the
eludes Marvin waync,.i..._p,lif|t§
Theme. and Emory QSbor‘lie,‘.,lun-
inrs. l" i‘- ‘,: .’

 
  
 
     
 
   

The non
Style 6875

The CORONADO
8!er 6043

4";

’95?

a?

[MSW

W. 'n DOUGlAs
if) 9
‘l

3‘17

suor co..aaocxrou is. mass.
u If It HA I) W A Y —--;\ i. I! A N X
‘ Men’s Shoes lilxclublvely
RIV Eli‘ S ‘7.” '1‘“ ()Y """“""“‘”“

Men’s and Women’s Shoes

...-1

ml? \I.‘

,i. .. up in.

 
 

   

  
  
 
 
  
 
    
     
     
    
  
   
   
    
 
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
   
    
 
 
   
     
   
    
  
   
     
   
       
  
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
    
  
 
  
  
     
  
   
   
 
  
   
    
     
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
    
       
     

 

         
       
      
  
  
    
     

