    

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

“my” a.-

.. 



  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 o

 ‘Nominaies
Two Candidates
For Chairman

At - a. meeting of Inter-Group

Council. last Wednesday, Cecilia

Colernan, '48, and John Jennings,
'49. were nominated for chairmen,
for which elections will beheld this
Wednesday, at 11 A. M., in Room
101. Lois Hutchinson. '47, President
of the group, announced the ap-
pointment of Mary Alethea Cheat-
ham and Rose Berg, Sophomores,
as co-chairmen of the Folk Festival
which will be held in the gym, April
liss Coleman will attend an
Eastern New York State Teachers’
Conference at the Hotel Commo-
dore in New York City, March 20,
21, and 22. Ac¢ording to Miss Hut-
chinson, she will have the oppor-
tunity of speaking with various
groups and pesz prominent in
r- on wor .

‘nthierrsiiber: of the Council who will
not be able to attend the meeting,
Wednesday, are asked to send their
votes to Miss Hutchinson or a
member of the executive board.

The Council will participate in a
seminar on economic discrimination
Tuesday at 3:30 P. M., in Room 2,
with Deane Webber. ’50, and Arlene
Riber, '48, conducting it.

Miss Cheatham, will head the
stage production. for the Folk Fes-
tival, while Miss Berg is in charge
of the booth committee and danc-
ing. Joy Simon, ’49, will head the
publicity committee.

 

European Youth
Requests Mail

Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Presi-
dent oi the College. received the
following letter from Copenhagen
this week.

To the President.

I hope You will be kindly to me
yet I write by this awkward and
very intrusive way.

I am a young man from the little
country called Denmark.

I write You because I ask to ad-
vertise for some boys or girls who
are between 18-23 years old.
Because You can advertise for
some I think You will like to
know something about me and
here it is.

I am 21 years old dane and mus-
kuline. I am interested in follow-
ing: Sport music books politic
and “what about other coun-
tries"!

I work in a travel bureau named
“Oversisk Passagerbureau", we
have got an office in New York
too do You know this? (Overseas
Passenger Bureau) This is only
particular which are concise but
I think You have got enough. In
hope that You will understand
me and even if You don’t get some

will like to write me send me a

letter with the statement: I have

got some or I cant get some!
Thank youil
Name:Jorgen Norgand Anderson

our: mun: mm. mm“. macs 174.1947”...

 

No One Named

4m 0» 4m

 

 

Yet, Says Nelson

 

Since the retirement of Dr. John
Manville Sayles as Resident of the
College various rumors have been
voiced as to the appointment of a
new President and as to whether or
not he would be a member of the
faculty. Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean
of the College, released this state-
ment concerning the appointment,
to the NEWS last Wednesday:

"Dr. Sayles was originally to re-
tire in June, and the Board of Re-
gents has been for some time con-
sidering available candidates for
the oﬂice of President. I do not at
this time know who the new Presi-
dent will lte or when he will be
chosen. In the meantime I will act
in that capacity."

 

4cculty 4001410!“

 

 

 

cult Footnotes will be included
lnFtihe Sryara COLLEGE News bi-week-
1y to publish personal and profes-
sional news of members of the fac-
ulty. All faculty members are urg-
ed to hand such articles to D1.
Frances Cummings, ProfeSSor of
Social Studies, Room 1, Richard-
son; Miss Mabel Jackman, Instruc-
tor ln Librarianship, Library, Milne;
or Miss Nura Turner, Instructor of
Mathematics, Room 103, Draper.

 

Mr. Elton Butler, Instructor of
Mathematics, has returned to his
classes following a period of con-
finement in the hospital.

 

Miss Elizabeth Shaver, former Su-
pervisor of Social Studies in Milnc,
has suffered several recurring at-
tacks of eye hemorrhages within
the past few weeks.

 

‘ 1

Mr. George M. York, Professor 0

Commerce. was taken home Friday

after suffering a recurrence of his
recent illness.

 

Dr. Arthur Beik, Professor of Ed-
ucation, is confined to his home fol-
lowing an attack at school Friday

afternoon.

missus

are soon

  
 

/ me your
g'il‘iig c'lii'é'v"

// Solo exclu-
/ sivelv at
/ Pharmicy
7 No. Lake at
Western Ave.
The College
Albany. N- Y.

 

The Operetta Class will produce
the light opera, “Erminie.” by Ed-
ward Jacobowski. in Page Hall
Auditorium, Friday and Saturday,
March 21 and 22, at 8:30 P. M.
Mary Telian, ’47, is student director,

I

and Dr. Charles Stokes, Professor
of Music, is musical director.

 

Hillel will have their Passover
Seder in the Lounge Thursday,
March 27, at 3:30 P. M. Stanley
Abrams, ’48. will conduct.

 

The Sophomores will put on their
Big-8, a musical extravaganza, in
Page Hall Auditorium at 8:30 P. M.,
Saturday. March 29.

Easter vacation begins April 2, at
5:30 P. M. Instruction will be re~
sumed April 13, at 6:10 A. M.

 

Grad Club will have a pancake
supper at 6 o'clock Thursday, March
27, at the Albain Y.W.C.A. The men
will do the cooking and after the
supper there will be dancing and
entertainment.

SMOKING
PLEASRE

 

 

 

 

Washington and Main Streets

6E0. E. NAGENGAS'I' 81 SONS

Albany’s Favorite Flower Shop

ORCHIDS -—— GARDENIAS —— ROSES
CORSAGES for any occasion

Telephone 8-0434

J. MICHAEL HIPPICK~Statc Representative

 

 

NOTEBOlili GAWSIS???

LEATHER AND 'rurum
ZIPPER NO’I‘EI‘iOOKS

The Go-op has ’em-~

 

 

CHESTERFIELD
m: (imam saw/a mum's
m AMERICA'S COLLEGES $3;

(IV NATION-WIDE suavsv)

HESTERFIELD

MERICArrCHESTERFIELD IS TOPS!

 
      
 

 

 

 

 

(Jasmin i‘JI'I. Liumu o. Mum 'i'oiwto Co.

 

 

  

’19

 

2.444

Forum Presents
Today's Speaker

For UNESCO
Miss Soraida Weeks

To Discuss Education

As Means To Peace

UNESCO as a means for building
the defenses of peace will be the
topic for discussion in assembly
this morning, with Miss Soraido
Weeks, a representative from the
New York State Teachers Associa-
tion, as guest speaker. The pro-
gram is being sponsored by Forum.
the college organization for stu-
dents who are interested in political
affairs.

Miss Weeks is well-known in A1-
bany circles for her affiliations with
organizations that sponsor educa—
tional activities. She has been past
President of the League of Women
Voters, and at the present time is
assistant-editor of the magazine,
“New York State Education," which
is published monthly by the New
York State T-cachers' Association.
"our Report

At a Student Council meeting the
financial report for appropriations
from the budget for various stu-
dent activities for the year ’47-'48
was presented by Ruth Bentley. '47.
and Eloise Worth, '46, for approval.
This report will later go before the
Student Board of Finance.

Judy Dube and Marian Vitullo.
Seniors, attended the meeting as
representatives from Campus Com-
mission to discuss the problems of
smoking and the congestion around
the mailboxes. Any further viola-
tors oi‘ the rules will be subject to
the rulings 01‘ Dean Milton G. Ncl-
son.

Set Dates

Frank Woodworth, ‘47, announced
that rivalry dates have been set
for next week and the following
week. Men's basketball has been
scheduch for Tuesday at 7:30 PM.
and the second woman's game will
be played Wednesday night at 7:30.
The pins-pong matcth have been
scheduled for Monday. March 31.
Each class will be represented by 3
single players and two pairs ol‘
doubles.

lVCF Schedules
Union, RPl Meet

liner-Varsity Christian Fellowship
plans to meet with RM and Union
students tomorrow evening at 0 P.
M. in the Old Chapel of Union Col-
lege for its regular monthly meet-
ing, whllc Student Christian Asso-
ciation will hold its next gcncrul
meeting in tho Lounge Thursday.
Crmtci'bury Club has scheduled its
weekly meeting Sunduy In St. An-
drcw's Church.
lVL‘l" Meeting

Mnricl Ochs, ‘49, President of
IVCF. announces that the joint
meeting tomorrow night 01' State.
Union, und RP] students will foul.-
uro Professor Vernon Grounds, B.
1)., us the lllillil spcakcr. Professor
Grounds, uddi'css, "The Logic 01'
Life," will be l'ollowod by a period
of lni'ornuil discussion nnd rci'rcsh-
monts.
ltolcuucs l'lnus

Mary ’l‘cllnn, '47. President of
SOA. hus released the plans for tho

ALBANY. NEW

Potter Club Nets
Highest Profits
From Stale Fair

Potter Club was awarded the
prize for making the most money
at State Fair last Saturday night.
The fraternity took in $37.25 of the
$236.03 netted during the entire
evening.

Suyles Hall won the prize for
having the best show and Chi Sig-
ma Theta had the best concession.
Mary Elizabeth Sullivan, Graduate,
who took part in the Newman Hall
production, was awarded a special
prize for the best individual per-
formance.

The receipts from all the conces-
sions were as follows, according to
Alice Princile, '48, Chairman of the
affair: Potter Club. $37.25; Sayles
Hall, $30.15; Newman Hall. $24.89:
Snyies Annex, $22.03; Farrell House.
$14.20; Alpha Epsilon Phi. $13.86;
KDR, $11.99; SLS, $10.75; Wren
Hall, $9.97; Hillel, $9.00; KB, $8.58;
Myskanla, $7.67; Tommy More,
$7.11; Phi Delta, $6.55; Chi Sigma
Theta, $5.47; KD, $4.14; BZ, $3.28;
Pierce Hall. $3.15; Commuters.
$3.00; Gamma Kappa Phi. $1.49:
Van Dcrzee Hull, $1.30; and Psi
Gamma. $.20.

From the $236.25 iotul. $25.20 was
deducted i'or expenses, leaving a net
profit of $210.83. As is. the custom,
a vote will be taken in student as-
sociation to determine to what use
the money from State Fair and all
the other Big-8's will be put.

SA Delegates
Attend Meeting

Ruth Bentley. '47, and Eloise
Worth, '48, representatives of Stu-
dent Association. and Cecilia Cole-
man, '48, a delegate from inter-
Group Council. lcl'l, yesterday morn—
ing to uttcnd the conference 01' the

Eastern Stun-s Association 01‘ Pro-
fessional Schools for 'l‘cuchcrs hi.

the Commodore Howl in New York

City. Both student and faculty
mcmbcrs l'rom yurious Lcuchcrs‘
colleges in the Ensturn Htult‘s ul'c
attending this meeting.

With the purpose of furthering

inter-group relations. the Lhrcc-duy
meeting opcncd ycstcrduy with
general discussion on what is he—
1ng donc in colleges and schools to
promote
und whui obstacles and barriers 1117!
being encountered.

.—

culiural undcrshmdlng

The topics for the puncl discus-

sions which are being condmrwd
this morning include the Anglo-
Suxon i‘oumlutlon 01' our culture, the
Negro gifts to our culture, Latin
contributions, East meets Wcsl.
chish contributions, and cultural
cooperation and world organization.

Donn Milton (1. Nelson, noting

Prosidcnl. ol‘ the College. is also ut—
tcndlng the New York coul'crom'c.

Jewish Seder To Commemoraie
Escape From Egyptian Bondage

The Jewish Pussovcr scuson will

be opcncd ul. State with tho Scdor
colcbrntlon in lilo Lounge 'l‘hurs-
duy ul. 3:30 P. M. undcr tho spon—
sorship ol‘ lllllui und lli'nul Brith
society. Faculty members and sin-
dunts 01' all l’ulths hch born in-
vlicd to partake in this unnuul cclo-

ili‘Xi I'i'iilllur uu'utiug which will bu brution, which is hold in romcm-

hold around the lighted l'lrcpluco in

bronco ol' the dcllvcruncc of tho

lilo loungi- 'l'hursduy at ll PM. The Jews from lllm’lillilll sluycry.

RPI quurimlic. "'l‘ho li‘our llorso-

At the Seder l'ousl. ouch ol' lluI

men," will be guests 01' tho club und i'oods onion has n slgnli‘lcunl. uud
plan to render sovoral numbers. illslol‘lcui mooning. 'l‘hc Muir/.oh.
Mary ’i‘oliun and Miu'jorio Dohor- or unlcuvoncil brood, is onion to ru-
l'illlw. 501110171. will concludu tho mind the llcbrown oi' "tho brcud ol'
evening with u communion sol‘vico. ull'llcilon." of tho wrotoiuxlni'ss oi'
RUVi‘i‘iillil liuckwoll will loud it tho lichrch during lJioli' cusluvc-
discussion on tho customs oi' tho ment in Egypt. and of tho husto
lilplsoopulluu Church at tho weekly with which Lhuy loi’l. lliuypi.

moot of Canterbury Club Sunday

'i'ho nuu'or, or blitor herbs. is

at 5:16 1'. M. A supper will follow rmululsccnl of tho bitterness of the

tho discussion.

ilcbroWs' lul. undor liluyplluu bond-

vonx. FRIDAY. MARCH 21. 1947 . vouxxxi not. '

 

Music Councilwi” Spansotf";
Light Opera, "Erminie," in Page

 

 

Star Jean Snow

in Feature Role
from the annual Campus Chest

drive has been released by Chair- Stakes To DifCCE c.“

man Henry Druschel, ‘47. Sixty In Two Presentations

per cent of the students contri-
bnted a total of $692.79, of which Mus” 0011110“ W} present the
$17.79 will be withheld for next light opera Erminie, tonight and
years expenses. tomorrow night at 8:30 in Page Hall
Final reports have been with under the direction of Dr. Charles
held due to the uncertainty of P" Sl’m‘es; ‘Pmressm' 0" Musm- Mary
holding a separate drive for Red remn' 47' 15 Student direcmr-
Cross. The money contributed while Lucille St. Priest, ’48, will act
will be distributed as follows: “5 3000911331115”-
World Student Service The Opera "Erminie" by Edward
Fund  Jacoboski. is the story of Marquis
American Red Cross """" H 70.00 DePomvert and his daughter Ermi-
Ammcan Society for Pre_ nle, who loves Eugene, her father's
vention of Cancer ........ .. 70.00 Secretary The Mal'qmsv “OWGVei':
American Society I01. Pl.e_ proposes a betrothai of Erminie to
vemmn of Tub‘erculosls U 7000 Viscount DeBrissac. In the mean-
time, Ravannes and Cadeaux rob

Druschel Releases Record
Of Campus Chest Income

A final statement of proceeds

Spanish Teachers
To Confer Here

in Regional Meet

Mosher To Deliver
Address, March 29

Mr. Roy Mosher, Supervisor of
Modern Language Teaching. will
open the Regional Spanish meeting
here Saturday, March 29, with a
speech entitled, “El porvenlr de la
ensenanza dcl castellano," (“The
Future of the Teaching of Castl-
lian"). This meeting will be held
in Room 28, Richardson, from 10-12
in the morning.

The program for the affair will
also include an address by J. Wes-

 

 

icy Childers. Professor of Spanish luggage ‘me‘lysm Found 70 00 the Viscount. and come to the Cha-

. at State College. He will speak on Albany  70‘00 icon of the Marquis. Posing as De
“Comentnrios sobrc la ensonanza Suvdo‘mmm Hospital " 50'00 Brissac, Ravannes tries to help Er-
dcl ospanol" (“Comments on the ' ’ """ " ' minie clope with Eugene with the
Teaching 01' Spanish"). There will Tom} $675 00 purpose of stealing her jewels. The
also be a group of Hispanic musical Snydonhgig'ﬁaéﬁigﬁi'"which’15 real Viscount returns just in time.
“Clucuons' located in New York City. is an “mums snow! Sterling

The meeting will be opcn to all
high school and college teachers in
the upper Hudson region. All pros-
pcctlvc teachers are also invited to
attend.

A special i'cunu'c or this meeting  A
will include an exhibition of text  confined with the measles.
:JOOkﬁnllIll the lliigh school and c0]- J h J . The cast of characters, in the or-
cgo 'cts. Aong wth ihs, then: (101' of their niiearnnce, incl
will he lists of material on maps, 0 n  Marie. 11 vlllngclilmldcn, Joan 
filmsl, recorﬁis, ncwrmopcrs etc. This N  . 2101‘. '49; Jilvul'te. a maid at the
mch ng w also present on oppor- Chateau, Justine Malone , '48; i-
tunlty for students and teachers to   mon, a waiter, Harold iii/111w, go;
obtain orul approval in Spanish by Lois Hutchinson, '47, Chairman or Dui'ois, Harold Story, '49; Marquis
consulting with Mr. Mos-her in Inter—Group Counci).1m5 announc- DcPomvori, Malcolm Sterling, '49;
Room 26. ed the election 01' John Jennings, Erminie. Mrs. Snow: Cerise Marcel.
‘49, us new Chairman of the Coun- El‘minle’s complmion. Alidl'el’ BODP.
cll. Ruth Scclbach, '48, who re- '47: Chevalier DeBrnbuzon. Law—
ccntly resigned from the Council. 1'0le F1101. '49: Eugene Marcel.

A her 3 A
I t nnounces has been appointed member cx- Roderick Fraser. '47; Captain De
omcio, lluunc, Captain of the Guards,

7 StUdent Placements Jennings is the third Chulrmun Gcorc'c Kunz. '47; Ravanncs, a vag-

’l‘hc numcs ol‘scvcn students who of 160. which was initiated in ubond, Stuart Cambcll, ’48; Ca-
huvc sccul'i'd positions through the February of 1945 by Shirley Siege] dcnux. his friend. Hnl‘i'i’ Mills. '49:
Student. Employment Burcuu huvc Pussow, '46. to offer opportunities Pl‘lncoss Di‘Grumpencuux. a guest
been released by Miss Mury Alboris, for culture, contact and under- ut the Chateau. Marjorie DeLor-
licnd 01' the bureau. standing among members or every mine. ‘47; Sergeant Andre oi’ the

Dorothy Sturzcnlmrgcr. Senior, rucc and nationality in the college Pillucc guards. Charles Miller, ’49;
will touch Conuncrcc oi. Ossining; and in the community. It has been lili‘ncst. Viscount. DoBrissac. Curtis
Robcrl. Swun. (iruduuic. hus ob- working in co-opcrotion with local Hull, '47.
lnincd 11 position us Director of groups l'or the I‘m-thorian of these Stokes Directs
Guidnncc ut ’i‘roy High School. rclutlons. The Ol‘ChCSU'ﬂ Will ﬂCCOlnlNUW the
Murgurct Murklcy, Senior. will The first Chnirmun \vus Mrs. singers, under the direction of Dr.
.cuch Mnlh ul Madison. Franklin Pussow. Miss i-iulc‘hinson tookovcr Stokes. Rose Mui'y Willsey and
l-lunscn. '47, hus 11 position touching the oillcc in the spring 01' 1946. Shirley Wilisc. freshmen, and Gil—
Connncrm- ui. Puwllng, and Dorothy Alicc Williums, '48. Chuirmun 01‘ lord Winguic, '49, will not as con-
Knapp, Senior. will touch English the Conununlly Service Program at ccrtmnsicrs.
ul. Coblcsklll. David 'i'ruchtcnbcrg. lhc Bookcr T. Washington Center, Mary Harvey, ‘47, is chairman of
(iruduutc. will bc Lcuching 1.11th has nnuouncod the following com- committees for sols lights, and prop—
and Social Sludlcs ui Circcncylllc, mlticcs to assist. her: hundlcrni‘l. urllcs. Other members of the com-
whllc .lcun ltusscll. ‘47. will touch Shirley Webb, '46. Miss Willlums. mlitcc include William Baldwin. ’48,
l..utln und Social Studies in Munns- cooking cluss. Beverly F‘i'co, "iii; Edwin Boomer, '50. Frances Child,
villc. drawing, Eleanor Blnn and Mnrl- '48. Dorothy 0111111. '43. Catherine
lyn Wurh'hnw Skolsky. Seniors: Donnelly, '40. Gloria Gilbert, '48,
drmnuilcs, l~lurold Gould, '47; boys' und i-lurold Weber, '47. B. J.
indoor sports. Nolnn l‘owoll. "19: Schoonmukcr, 411. is in charge 01'
mixed chorus, Miss Hutchinson. Ar- muko-up.
llonc Ribor and Frances Mllsch.

Juniors, the Misses Webb and Wil-

llums. .lcunnc Vuluchovic. Mill‘jm'lc May Obtain Conn-aces
Funnier and Frances Flanagan.
Linc ircc—will i'cstivul oil'cl'lng. Wino For Dorm ReSIdence

Sophomores.

\ I H , ‘ 100 is also mukln} )luns for its
I‘ll-“0‘ lo lilm‘rHl 911 lilo lillbli‘. 101" mmuu] 1.10m WSW,“ lm bl. 1101.1 Mrs. Borthu Brinnucr. oxocutivo
cups oi whiih llll‘ drunk durlng‘tlu‘ Snmmuyl Am.“ 2()_ secretary of the alumni oil'lco, has
l‘unlng. One reason ior 1.11010111‘ A commwwv or n“ “I...” my..in announced that contructs and up-
([111)5 0‘ “'“il‘ “"5 “j “mmwllo” born cnllogu students will no mn- nllciulous uro [1511in in the Alumni
unh tho pushugo in_ Exodus whore (“mm Am,” 22 m H“. mummy 0mm, for Students dosh-mg in “yo
:hc li'il'ili'lililllilll (:11 lifruol “:1‘0111 _m__.-,-,__,,,--m_w in i‘icrcc Hull and cottages. Suylcs
514171 H "111101111013 H 0111' ( "(‘1‘ Hull, Suylos Hull Annex, on an-
cn'l.‘ phrusos. I ' . Commeiﬂ ('05 Sill” my) dorzoc Hall during the your itilii‘lI-WI.

lho Ilnsluncc oi [ho ircclng oi Nonu Vlnuncrstodi-, '47. i-‘roshlrnt 'l‘ho blunks are being distributed
isrucl irom illgypllun slavery glycs of Commerce Club, has uiinonucod nus work and must. be roturnod by
tho Sodcr its spoclllc color and ihui the club is planning a trip to April 15 or they bocomn void.
lends l(lo lis [lil‘illlllili'gj' niystlcul and llcmlugion Ruud Ilcmunsiroilon ‘
u .ruovv poinc nuuro. rooms. so indigo Sircoi, 'l‘uosduy

'l‘hc urnvrul chnlrmcn for the 111- and chuvsduy ni'tcrnoons at i P. JUNO"  5‘30 UP TOd'V
l’ulr uro iiilu Shuph'o and Stanley . Allco Williams. '46, President. has
Alix-mus, Juniors. The following The ('ommoi‘co students will vlow announced that all Juniors who do
coiiuuillocs hnvo boon chosen to domonsiruiions on tho inbulutlng‘ not expect. to attend Moving-Up
liuluilo ilu- i‘cusi: Food, Charlotte and booklwupinu uniohhws. 'i‘hoso Duy oxorclxos, and all those who
(inldslcin and Ruth iicsscl. '46, planning to “(Wild may sign up on will not need 0111103. should sign up
Chulruwn. i.llilun llruun, ‘47, Irmu lhc Conuncrco Club bulioiin board on the Junior builoiln board by

(Continucdcn Papal, Columnbl on lilo third floor of Drupor Hall. 4:30 ioduy.

Jean Chapman Snow, '47. will
take the leading part of Erminie.
Her husband Earl Snow who was or-
lginuily to take the part of the
Marquis, will be replaced by Mal-
colm Sterling. ’47. Mr. Snow is

inter-racial and inter-religious
institution.

 

 

 

ago. Thu rouslod ogg symbolizes

 

  
  
       
       
     
    
     
      
       
          
      
      
           
            
            

i-‘—¥f4...   . 

 
 
 
 
  

:zs‘rwk‘v’

 
   
         
       
    
  
  
 
     
    
  
  
   
  
    
     
       
   
     
      
   
    
  
 
  
   
  
   
    
  
    
     

. lawnummwmngmsx ~

 

                   
     

