 

 

.. .-.'-’i:"‘/‘;t‘5y“6‘ .m

.4t2‘:"‘!<1""7" ‘ 7 ~ .

 

l
I

 

 

 

 

 

,w
1:!

To Preserve Our Integrity . . .
The integrity and honesty of college students

‘ ;have been subjected to an abnormal amount of- 

public probing in the last few months. The move,
which started in Texas, finally reached Albany in
the form of ‘ an investigation of exam techniques
in use at this college.

As a result of this poll, the News conducted its

own survey and obtained results that surprise no
one and could have been predicted in advance.

‘ There is some cheating at State, as there is in every

school, but it exists in such a small degree that
it presents no acute or alarming problem.

Crib sheets and other devices for bringing notes
into exams are practically unknown here, and no
elaborate techniques have been developed for the
purpose.

Answers to the survey indicate that there is
neither time nor desire to cheat if the exam is fair
and conducted in an intelligent manner. The only
time the students feel there is justification for
extra-curricular work during tests, according to the
survey, is when the exam covers material not
treated in the course or is much too long and too
hard to be completed in the allotted time.

In addition, Dean Nelson expressed the opin-
ion that most exams here are of such a nature that
the student couldn’t do any better if he was turned
loose in the library. This is especially true of more
advanced courses taken by Seniors and Grads.
And yet these two classes were the ones, according
to an outside poll, which were the most skilled in
cribbing and indulged in the practice most often.
Consideration of the long, subjective tests that
most Seniors and Grads have to take indicates that
cribbing would involve more work and worry than
actually studying for the course.

Cheating has never been a serious problem here,
and we do not feel that there has been any radical
change in the situation calling for investigation or
action.

Athletics Go To Assembly . . .

Athletics move into the Assembly spotlight to-
day with a discussion of the proposal to vote on
the Varsity Athletics line of .VIAA budget in De-
cember instead of in May.

The proposal was made by the Student Associa-
tion committee appointed to investigate our Var-
sity program and is designed to facilitate forma-
tion of next season’s schedule.

The Varsity program has been operating under
staggering combination of difficulties since its re-
vival last year and is in need of increased support
from the school. If voting on the Varsity Athletics
line five months early will aid the program in any
way, there should be no reason for not approving
the motion when it comes up for a vote.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class oi 1918

 

Vol. XXXI February 21. 1947 No. 14
Member Distributor
Associated Coilcgilltc Press Collegiate Digest
The llndcrgrlldlultc newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for 'I‘Ulilfilt‘i'ii; published every Friday of' tho college.
rear by the NEWS llollrd for lIil.‘ Student Association.
i'lloncsn’l‘esslcr, 30333; Lusock, 8~il<ll; l'cndor, Doubly,
’l-lll‘zd, I\|iii'l., til-0257; Skolsky. 71-1007, Members of tllo news
staff 63161; bc rcucllcll ’l‘llcs.. and Well. from 7 to 11:30 RM.
ill 1- .

 

The News Board

MARY F. TEBSIER - - .
IIRNARD M. BKOLBKY
BENJAMIN REED

LORNA KUNZ .
VIRGINIA DAY . .

MARTHA DUNLAY .

MARGIRY FENDER

CAROL CLARK . .
ANN MAY . . . . . .
ELLEN ROCHFORD

lDiTOR-IN-CNIIF
MANAGING IDITOI
BUIINIII MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
IPOITI IDITOI
ADVIRTIIINO MANAGIR
ADVERTIIING MANAGER
AIIOCIATI EDITOR
AIIDCIATI IDITOI
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

All communicationu should be addressed to the o ito
innit be signed. Nnmoa will be withheld upond rcirullla‘ll
i‘be SI‘A’I‘E COLLEGE NEWS assumes no roaponsllliity
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
as well express one do not necessarily reﬂect ita View.

 

".9

 

era-re coarser News.

 

FRIDAY. reanuanr 21.. 1947

 

 

“If I tell you the truth, dear, you’ll
only think I’m bragging’
noted from the March. 1947 issue of asQUlruz
Copyrilht 1007 by Sequin. lac.

Rep

 

State-MM

 

MARJORIE HARLAND

This isn’t a Junior Ed 10 Class,
but an article appearing in the Syr-
acuse DAILY ORANGE on objec-
tive exams just couldn’t be passed
by any red-blooded Junior. The
evaluation service of Syracuse, un-
der the direction of Dr. Maurice
Troyer, has been making a study of
tests and examinations on a scien-
tific basis. This group has classi-
fied objective type tests as “neces-
sary and advantageous under the
conditions of mass-production edu-
cation, but plagued by difficulties
in measuring abilities rather than
memorization of facts. Dr. Troyer
still feels that the essay type of
exams are the “best type to deter-
mine how well students can or-
ganize their thinking with respect
to a problem.” He lists two major
difficulties of this type of exam,
however: ladifficulties in marking
and grading large numbers of this
type of exam; 2—a student know-
ing his material well but weak in
a couple of areas may suffer out
of proportion to his actual know-
edge of the subject matter as a
whole.

It has been shown that five times
as much material can be covered in
an objective examination. As ob-
jective tests are conducted now it
is the student with a photographic
mind or a good memory who rises
to the top. Dr. Troyer feels that the
development of objective questions
calling for student interpretation
and appraisal would make these
tests more effective, but they are
difficult to devise and very few in
number at the present. “Use of the
interpretative objective questions is
still more or less in the develop-
ment stage" Dr. Troyer stated.

It is true that some subjects lend
themselves more easily to the ob-
jective type of exams. However.
heavy enrollments Ill nearly all of
the departments are driving them
to the use of objective questions. It.
is interesting to note. that true-false
exams were considered inferior to
almost all other types.

One other point. which Dr. 'I‘roycr
stressed was tllc importance of re-
viewing exams immediately after-
wards. It seems “the best. learning
takes place during the next period
after an exam.

Just in passing I might mention
the fact that rumor has it that there
are still some members of the fa.—
culty who trust us ill spite of a cer-
tain little article appearing in the
Knickerbocker News earlier this
week. Thanks.

Winter Carnival

Massachusetts State College at
Fort Devens has started the second
semester ofits first year of exist-
ence along with many other simi-
lar institutions. The first big social
event of the semester was a winter
carnival held last weekend with
Gov. Bradford planning to crown
the queen.

The question of a State University
is being discussed ill Massachu-
setts as well as New York State. A
petition of the American Legion that
a commission be set up to study
the pro’s and con's of the qucs-
tion will be heard at the State
House ill Massachusetts on March
10th. The reconmlcndutiml at pres—
ttll'lt calls for a site in or near Bos—
on.

’l‘recs

Russell Sage is making plans for
beautifying their campus this spring.
The main innovation will be plant-
ing trees to replace those which
have had to be removed. Each
class is being urged to plant a tree
this Arbor Day. and a fund has
been started to raise money for
three additional trees to l‘CDlﬂCL‘ the
last three which have been lost.

’l‘roublcs

By the way. have you heard of the
picket lillc formed by nlarricd stu-
dcnts and lllcir wives at a. Sllll
Francisco College Ill order to pro-
test against the twin beds with
which tllc collcgc bud furnished
their apartments?

From the Struti'ord 'l‘ravcllcr of
Struti‘ord Collcgc in Dollvillc. Vir—
ginia we have. gleaned the follow—
ing little ilclll:

"Latest. underground reports indi-
cate that although tbc groundllog
would have liked III conic olll of its
llolo this ground-bog day. he would-
n't because cnllrcly too many pco—
plc were looking for llpul‘llnonts.“

“Bill. fhcn you've all heard of tho
fwo liltlc nulggots lhnt \vcrc cnuuhl
necking ill Dcud Enrol-st."

’l‘hlli's llII folks!

 

Freshman Class Plans Big-Eight

The Freshman Big-ti, undcr the
direction of Earle Jones, will be
presented Saturday night. March 1,
at 8 PM, in Page illlll. Audrey
Koch, Joan French. and Donald
Hoyt aro chairmen of tho produc-
tioll.

The freshmen have chosen an
old-fashioned parody fill their theme,
a musical comedy with original lull-
slc. Asher Horton will play the lillilti

lclld, \vllllc Yollllldn (llockllcl' and
Mario I)c(.‘lll'lo will lukc lllc i'cllullc
icuds.

Mlisic for lllc lilg—ll \vua wrlllcn
by Audrey Koch and Jeanne (lcbo,
and Donald lioyt. lllld .lollll it‘rcncb
wrote the script. (lllllllllltlce llcuds
includc Dinno chbcr. lights: ltllo-
da Riber, publicity: ltulh Smith,
props and stage crew; .lolul Kl-yloll.
nluko-up; Doris I’l'lcc, coslumcs:
and Lois litlssett. sets.

 

Comm-slated

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of. this column, althoughhia viewpoints do not
necessarily reflect those of the State College-News. ,

 

Our basketball team showed evidences of having
bad a shot in the arm Tuesday night, losing to a
favored Siena team 62-41. Although this game adds
to State’s long string of losses, the spirit speaks for
a better future. Chuck Houghtaiing, President of the
Siena Student Senate said, "State showed fine spirit.
If Siena had the same drive, we would be unde-

feated.”

 

How’s that Again? '

Sign found on bulletin board in lower Draper:
“Any Freshman Girls Interested in Sining 1n Chorus
for Big 8 . . . . Rehearsal Tonight in Room 28." Luck-
ily there were no signatures attached, which speaks
well for State women. This brings to mind a state-
ment made by Dean Milton G. Nelson in Tuesday’s
Knickerbocker News. “We have a pretty innocent
bunch here anyway."

 

The cheating theme is now making national mags
and city newspapers. For reference check 17 February
Life and Tuesday's Knickerbocker News. Life picked
the University of Texas as a proving ground and the
Knick took up the cry and sent a reporter to State.
It is alleged that Life has a lawsuit on its hands
now as a result. The NEWS is running the results
of its own survey on page 1.

We look a little survey of our own about the col-
lege and our results are there. Yes. some cribbing
does take place on examinations. In many cases,
it was in courses in which “cooperation” was almost
invited. Girls are nlore guilty of cheating than men.

But well over 50 per cent of all people asked had
never seen nor ever indulged in any cheating.

Thc article ill the Knick picked “future teachers"
to survey. The number of people interviewed was
not given. Likewise, statistics were strangely lack—
mg.

Alld despite lllc fact that all means of journalistic.
cleverness were employed. the cold hard facts are
that there is relatively little cribbing at Stale.

Sonlc students acquainted with other colleges in
the vicinity suggested that cribbing was much more.
prevalent in these other colleges.

Various methods mentioned were writing on knccs,
keeping a crib sheet in a jacket pocket. whispering,
writing on the desk before the exam paper is handed
out. alld peeking at a book.

It should be remembered, however, that any final
examination is a combination of what a student
learned during lllc course and how effective the
instructor was.

Congrats to Facility

The facility is leading off in the. campaign here
to raise tcacllcrs’ salaries. They have nothing to
gain lllclllsclvcs ill doing this, but a questionnaire is
lacing scnl. around. asking whether or not I-("Ch mem—
ber of tile f‘ncnllv favors going on rccord ill sup-
port of the Young-Milllloc Toacllcrs' Salary Bill and
the Young-Milmoc State Aid Bill. This will not affect
11 single member of the faculty.

Surely if they can do something like this, we. lbc
ollcs affected by the pending legislation. can do cvcn
more. 2.500 letters to our Assclnblylllcn and Senators
would mean a lol. if you don't know lllcir names lllc
library has thcm. WRITE TODAY TNFORMING
YOUR LEGISLATORS IF YOU WANT THEM
TO SUPPORT THE YOUNG-MILMOE TEACHERS
SALARY BILL. Alld have your parents do the salnc.

 

College Calendar 
Friday. It‘cbruury 131——
12-2 PM. 17'l'l‘sllllll'll try-outs for NEWS.
ill P. 0.
3:30 PM. Illll‘l'-(il’()lil) Council. ()pcll
Mayor Corning. gllcsl spcukcl', Lounge.
0:30 P.M.~ Varsity gumc. State vs. Hi Michal-1‘s
Saturday. It‘cbruury 22-—
0 PM. Sclllor I)ilil(|1|l‘l, ’l‘cn l'chk llolcl. l)r lllll'\’l'\
iiicc. guest speaker.
ll PM. Religious Clubs Dance. gym
Sunday. ll‘cbrllury 23—-

Slgn up

lllcl'l inc.

3 PM. llltcrsororily 'l‘cn. Lounge.
Ii PM. (.‘tllllilllllt‘i‘H (llllb chighl'idc, It'l'l‘lll‘ Pork.
'l‘rov,

'l‘llcsdlly. February 25——

:l::ill PM. 'l‘wo movlcs sponsored by l‘lln Alilljlotv.
"Schools lo the South." "Pcoplc ol 'i‘wo Worlds."
I.tllilll.‘,t'. All blvllcd.

1130 PM /\fI\‘illlf'l'(l I)l'lllilllll('.‘; ploy». directed in
Mary IIlll'\’l'_\. Mlll'icl llnbin. Seniors.

\\'cdllcsduy. I-‘cbl'ullry Bil—-
0 PM. (hunlncl'cc (llllb bunqucl. llowul'd Johnson's
’l‘llurslllly. February 27-—

min PM. lnlcr-(lronp Council movie. Loungc All
invllcd

’1 PM. licbnlc. thlc Vs. llrcw llllivcrslly. "lir-
aolvn‘d: that labor be given 11 dll'ccl share in lllc
illlllllllll'llll'lll of industry." Lounge.

I‘TItIiI)’, ir'cbruury 358——
030 PM Varsity unlnc, Hilllc vs. Albllny Iilllllllt'hh
('tllll‘jﬁl', llwuy.
Saturday. March l-—~
li PM. Vurnlly nunlc. Hlulc v.» (toblcsklll, uwuv.
mo PM lvn-slmno. lllll~li '
'i‘ucsday. March il--

7:30 PM Pun Amigos meeting. Mr. Jessa Slillnl'd.
lornlcr bend of Spanish Ilt‘jllll‘llllt’lll. guest speak
or. Lounge.

tl:30 PM. I"llll|l Advanced lil'lllllullcs plays. (lll‘ocl
cd by Mary 'l‘clillll. ’47, (irnco .lollcs. ’-lli.

 

 

 

l.
..
ll
3,.

 

 

Faculty Delegates
Report Progress

Six membersofttli‘e State College
faculty have returned from a cur-
riculum revision meeting held at
the Hotel Onandaga. in Syracuse
last week. Representatives of 11
state teachers colleges from the sub-
ject matter departments attended.
the Education departments having
had their conference in September.

Dr. Harvey Rice, Professor of His-
tory. Dr. Ralph A. Beaver, Profes-
sor of Mathematics, Dr. Ralph G.
Clausen, Professor of Biology, Dr.
Harry W. Hastings, Professor of
English, Dr. Charles F. Stokes, Pro-
fessor of Music, and Dr. James W.
Childers, Assistant Professor of
Spanish were the representatives
from State College.

Common Elements of Teacher Ed.

A11 opening address was given by
Hermann Cooper, Commissroner of
Teacher Training. The delegates
were divided into three groups, So-
cial Studies, Science and Mathe-
matics, and English, Music and
Art. Special attention was given
to the questions of what the com-
mon elements ill the general educa-
tion of a teacher should be, and the
means by Much the student's com-
petenc‘e in his general education
can be tested. Each group drew up
a statement at the end of the week
of the most fundamental divisions
of the respective subjects and a
summary of the basic skills requir-
ed for a thorough understanding of
them.

Math and Science Departments

The Science and Mathematics
section stated that the ability to
compute with integers and frac-
tions is necessary for all educated
citizens, but the teacher must, in
addition, have a clear comprehen-
sion of the number systems. An
understanding of the way that ma-
thematics has affected the develop-
ment of the arts and sciences, mod-
ern business and industry, and crit—
ical thinking is also necessary.
Evaluation of student competence ill
the field should be conducted so as
to evaluate knowledge of the sub-
ject and to accomplish the purposes
of testing the students“ ability to
apply this knowledge to new situa-
tions: to evaluate the attitudes pos—
sibly developcd ill those classes and
to test the growth in abilities dlu'-
ing the nclldclllic career of the stu-
dent.

Philosophy Group

The Philosophy group felt that
the teacher who sincerely accepts
the princitncs of democracy dclnoll—
slrnlcs his acceptance by rccogniz-i
illg nlld valuing personalities of
others and extending it beyond the
classroom. The teacher works with
living materials whcrcvcr possible.
The student should gain an under-
standing that correctness is relative
rather than absolute and vurlcs
with the occasion, according to the
English section. The Art. English.
and Music groups have gone on roc—
ord us favoring in lllosc colleges
llltcl'cslcd. exploration of a course
to bc culled. "Expression in the
Arts." l

111 l‘ol'llllllutlllg thc fields of In-
qull'y in thc Social Studies dcpurt—
mcllt. the group decided that (‘111-
pllusis should be put propol'llonlllc-
1y less on tile traditional Western
I‘ilii'tmt‘llll cuilurul pllusc tllltl stress
the contributions of all cultures.
particularly the urcos neglected up
to this pohll.

Sororities Plan Group Tea

Molly [(rumcr. ‘47. President ol‘
intcrsol'ol'lly Council. has un-
nounccd that tho collncil will hold
lls first tell Sllllduy from 3 to fl
PM. ill the Lounge. The purpose
oi the ion. which 1:. bchll; held 101‘
all jill'ilill‘h nlld llcllve llll‘lilih‘l'h. is
to ul'i'ol'd lllc pledges un oppor-
tunity to mccl thc members and
pledges oi' the other sororities.

Dr. ltlllcn C. Stokes, Dean of
Women. Dr. Millie (il'ccu, Assis-
l.nlll, Professor of Hygiene. and Dr.
Carolina Lester. Instructor of
Mathcnlatics. have been asked to
chuporouc.

7‘ NEWS'SIia's' requested all fresh-l

 

 

arm-:an  "alarm: ratai‘iahr m, up:

 

Freshmen NEWS Tryouts
Asked To Sign Up Today

Mary Tessier, '47, ,Editor-in-t
chief of the STATE COLLEGE

- men. who‘l’t‘f‘édnEerested in try- .
ing out for the NEWS td sign 'up
today in the Publicatit'ms office
from 12 to 2 PM. Those who have
been attending cub classes are
asked to sign as well as those
who have had no previous exper-
ience. Special instruction will be
given to the freshmen who have
hot been attending cub classes
this semester.

The NEWS staff meets every
Tuesday and Wednesday night in
the P.O.; the freshmen work from
7:30 to 11, writing headlines. At
the end of each year, Sophomore
reporters are appointed from the
freshmen tryouts, and in Novem-
ber, six Sophomore Desk Editors
are appointed. Three Junior As-
sociate Editors are chosen in
May, and the Editor-in~chief is
selected from these three, the fol-

' The New York State Teachers As-
,sociation has released the following
list of the names and addresses of
State Assemblyman and Senators in
order that all persons who are in-
terested may write and express their
personal opinions on the present
teaching situation.

The State Senators, according to
districts, are: District 1, Mr. S.
Wentworth Horton. Greenport; Dis-
trict 2, Mr. Joint D. Bennett, 28
North Park AVenue, Rockville Cell-
tl'e; District 3. Mr. William S. Hults.
Jr., 85 Port. Washington Boulevard,
Port Washington; District 29, Mr.
William F. Condon, 25 Hollis Ter-
race North, Yonkers 3; District 30.
Mr. J. Raymond McGovern, 249
Huguenot Street, New Rochelle;
District 31, Mr. Pleny W. William-
son, 115 Broadway, New York City 6;
District 32. Mr. Thomas C. Des-
mond, 94 Broadway, Newburgh; Dis-
trict 33. Mr. Frederic H. Bonteeou.

 

lowing year.

 

 

Current Issues

Furnish Topics
For Student Polls

A committee. of students ill the
Sociology 4 classes has been formed
for the purpoose of conducting a
series of "gallop polls" among the
students of State College on vari-
ous controversial issues. Dr. Theo-
dore Standing. Professor of Soci-
ology. will direct the surveys.

Tile questions will be sent. to
one or two hundred people. with
equal percentages from each class.
According to Philip Lashinsky, '47.
chairman of the committee. geo-
graphic distribution will be con-
sidered in the polls. One-third of
the students approached will be
from the North of Albany. one-
third fronl South, and one—third
from the West. The questions will
also be given according to male and
female percentages.

Questions will be sent through
the student. mall and should be
returned to Lllsllillsky. immediate-
ly. No name is needed on the
question sheet.

Mclllbcrs of tile conllllittcc coll-
(1110111111. the polls include Robert
Hardt. Rcllcc Harris. frcsllnlcll.
Helen Sims, '49. The first ques—
tion to be considered will be cheni—
lng on cxlllllilllltions.

Art Classes Exhibit
Work OI Semester

The display of work by the vari-
ous art, classes, exhibiu'd on 1111‘
second floor of Drapcr. will be opcll
llil next week. Among the workr.
featured are samples from two
books written and illustrated by
Eleanor Bhnl ulld Mnrilyll Skolsky.
Seniors.

'l‘hc Art. 4 class is i'cntul'lng a
display of design cxcrciscs lll chur—
coul which are lllc basis for 1111-
lsllcd designs such as dccorulh'c
landscapes. ul'cclillg curds, illustra—
tlolls for stories and poems. All
lllc designs for directory covers.
which was another pl'ojccl. of the
Art ‘1 class. are also on display.

The Art 0 class is presenting a
scrlcs of lllusll'lltiolls which may be
used cllllcr in selection. prepara-
tion. and presentation of It‘ll(‘lllill’,
aids or ill llllruciivc room lll‘l'nllgc-
nlcllls.

Miss lllml. bus wriltcll and illus—
ll'ulcd “Mllh’llll and tho Knshn ill
the llllilll oI Pushn.“ while "'l‘ilc
Volocbcks of Mlnsky—Plnsk" is the
work ol Mrs. Skolsky. "i7

Myskania Asks Skit Themes
IUonIinm-d Ironl Puuc I. Column 3'

on cbclllllu; lll Slllll- College which
appeared ill their paper.

Mykkullul llllli llskcll that the I‘i\’l|l
classes turn ill illc lhclncs of their
Moving—Up Day skits by 'l‘bursduy.
April ill. ill order to avoid conflict
and confusion Iltilth‘i‘l‘i the two
classes.

3 Cannon Street, Poughkeepsie;
District 34. Mr. Arthur H. Wicks,
Kingston; District 36, Mr. Gilbert
T. Seeylc. Burnt Hills; District 38,
Mr. Benjamin F. Feinberg, 85 Mar-
garet Street. Plattsburg: District
39, Mrs. Rhoda Fox Graves, Gouver—
neur; District 40, Mr. Fred A.
Young, Lowville; District 41. Mr.
Robert C. Graben. First National
Bank Building, Utica 2; District 43,
Mr. onn H. Hughes. 821 Onondaga
Company. Savings Bank Building.
Syracuse 2; District 44. Mr. Walter
W. Stokes, Cooperstown; District.
45, Mr. Floyd E. Anderson. 300 Press
Building. Binghamton; District 46.
Mr. Chauncey B. Hammond, RD. 2.
Elmira; District 47. Mr. Henry W.
Griffith, 353 Canandaigua Street,
Palmyra; District 48, Mr. Fred S.
Hollowell. 319 Main Street. Penn
Ynll; District 49, Mr. Allstln W. Er-
vin. 104 Main Street, Gcncsco; Dis-
trict 50, Mr. George T. Manning.
213 Powers Building. Rochester 4;
and District 51. Mr. Allen J. Oliver.
500 Union Trust Building. Rochester

J?-

Thc Asselnblylllcn. listed accord-
ing to counties arc: Albany. Mr. D.
Cady Herrick, 119 McCormick Road.
Sllngcrlands; Mr. George W. Foy,
76 Lellox Avenue, Albany 3; Mr.
John McBain. 2332 Broadway. Wat-
cl'vlicl; Allcgnlly. Mr. William H.
MucKenzic. 33 Willcl.s Avenue. Bel-
mont; Broonle. Mr. Richard H.
Klluuf. 10 Howard Avenue, Bing-
humloll; Mr. Ol‘If) M. Brccs. 503
Mountain View Drive. Elldicoli:
Cayuga. Mr. Charles A. Cuslck.
chdsport; Cllcmung. Mr. Harry J.
'l‘ill't. 205 John SL. I'Iorscllt'utlsl
Cllcnnllgo. Mrs. Julch l-llll Gordon,
Box 283. Norwich; Clinton. Mr.
James A. Fitzpatrick. 41 Hamilton
51., Plllttsbul'g; Colulllbla, Mr. Wil-
lard C. Dl'unml. vacl'ville: Cort-
land, Mr. Harold L. Crclll. Homer;
Dcluwnre. Mr. Elmer J. Kellum.
l‘lllllt'm'lii Dulchess. Mr. Ernest l.
lluliicld. llydc Pork: Essex. Mr.
Judson Mol'housc. 'l‘lcolldcrogn;
lt‘runklin. Mr. William 1... Dolgc.
Cllulclluguy: li‘ultoll-l-Iumill.oll. Mr.
Joseph 11’. Yollllgiovc. 14 Hoosllc
Sll'ccl. Jollllslowu; icllcscc, Mr.
John 1‘}. Johnson. Perry Roud. llc
lloy; (ircclle. Mr. William E. Brady.
07 Mansion St. (loxsnckic; l'li'l'killl-
r. Mr l.co A. l.u\\'l'cllcc, 209 North
Prospect Sll'ccf. l‘Ii'l'klllli‘i‘; Jeffer—
soll. Mr. ()l'lll S. Wilcox. Mnill
Sfrccl. ’l‘hcrcsll; Ilcwls. Mr. licnjll-
min ll. Demo. Crouhull; Livingston,
Mr. «IOM‘Illl W. Ward. (illlcdonlu:
Madison. Mr. Wheeler Millnoo. 3111
South l‘clcl‘lml‘o Strccl. Cnuustotn:
Monroe. Mr. Joseph W. liclltlcy.
l’clll'icld: Mr. Abraham Scbulnlnn.
lib Illii'\'lll‘(l Htrcct. ltochcstcr 7:
Mr. lluymond l'l. Combs. 50 W. fluf-
lulo Street. (‘hlll'cbvillc; Mr. ’l‘bom-
as l" llilcy. 24 Lupbam Street.
llochcstcr l3; Monlgonlcry. Mr.
John 1‘". licllnlson. 211 Canal Street.
For! Plum: Nussuu. Mr. Frank .1.
licckcr. 42 Winter Street. l.ynbrook;
Mr, .loscph li‘. (lul'llllc. 310 River-
sldc lilvd.. Long Beach; Mrs. (lcn—
cslu M. Strong. 70 llrooksldc I)l‘l\’('.
Plulldolllc; Mr. David S. Hill. Jr..
North Plucc. (llcnwood Landing;
()ncldu. Mr. liul'low it). llucon. 310
Wcsl I‘illll):ll'j:.l Street. Home: Mr.
Richard 11. (ll‘llillll, 3007 (lollcscc
Htrccl. lltlcu 3; ()nondngu. Mr.
Scul'lcs tl. Schultz. 10 Lclicb Ave-
nuc. Skullculcicx: Mr. (llcllull S.
It‘tll'rlyllll'. 000 Roberts Avenue, Syru-
l‘lllil' 4; Mr. Lawrence M. liulisoll.
150 liustlngs Pl. Syracuse ti; One
Illrio. Mr. flurry l't. Marble. l'ioia
comb; Orunllc. Mr. [me 13. Muillcr.

..l
a

Teachers Association Release,
Litt- QI-Nay»vstatewtésislapls... FaculiyOpinioii§

Cornwall-on-Hudson; Mr. Wilson C.
Van Duzer, 40 Highland Avenue,
Middletown; Orleans, Mr. John S.
Thompson, 216“ Park Avenue, Me-
dina; Oswego, Mr. Henry D. Coville.
Central Square; Otsego, Mr. Paul L.
Talbot, Burlington Place; Putnam,
Mr. D. Mallory Stephens. 15 Garden
Street. Brewster; Rensselaer, Mr.
John S. Finch. Castleton-on-Hud-
son; Rockland, Mr. Robert Walm-
sley. Nyack; Saint Lawrence, Mr.
Allan P. Sill, 191 Allen Street, Mas-
sena; Saratoga, Mr. John L. Ostran-
der, Schuylel‘ville; Schenectady, Mr.
Oswald D. Beck, 2146 Union Street.
Schenectady 8; Schoharie. Mr. Ar-
thur L. Parsons, Central Bridge;
Schuyler. Mr. Jerry W. Black, Bur-
dett; Seneca, Mr. Lawrence W. Van
Cleef, Seneca Falls; Steuben, Mr.
William M. Stuart, 19 East Main
Street, Canisteo; Suffolk, Mr. Ed-
mund R. Lopton, Cutchogue; Mr.
Elish T. Barrett, 161 West Con-
course, Brightwaters; Sullivan, Mr.
James G. Lyons, Monticello; 'I‘ioga.
Mr. Myron D. Albro. Lounsberry;
Tompkins, Mr. Stanley C. Show, 315
N. Geneva Street. Ithaca; Ulster,
Mr. John F. Wadlin, Vineyard Ave-
nue, Highland; Warren. Mr. Harry
A. Reous. 181 Main Street, Warrcns-
burg; Washington, Mr. Henry Ned-
do, Whitehall; Wayne. Mrs. Mildred
F. Taylor, 35 Phelps Street. Lyons;
Westcllestcr. Mr. Malcolm Wilson.
77 Rocklnnd Avenue. Yonkers 5;
Mr. Fred A. Grabcr. 146 Grove
Street, Tarrytown; Mr. P. Raymond
Slrignano. 72 Douglas Place, Mt.
Vernon; Mr. Frank S. McCullough.
15 Wappanocca Avenue. Rye; Mr.
Christopher H. Lawrence, 26 Valley
Road. Bronxvllle 8; Mr. Theodore
Hill. Jr.. Jefferson Valley; Wyoming,
Mr. Harold C. Ostertag. 170 Main
Street. Attica; Yates. Mr. Vernon
W. Blodgett. Rushville.

 

Bentley, Worth
Named Delegates

Ruth Bentley. '47. and Eloise
Worth, ‘43. have been elected to
atlclld the conference of the Eas-
tern Stlltcs Association of Profes-
siollul Schools and Teachers in
New York next month. The two
were named as 11 result of voting
in last. week‘s assembly.

Numerical results are as follows:
442 x 100

Quota ~~-—-»—— Iv 1 22101
2
1047
Bentley .... .. 18900 20800 357000
Hutchinson 11900 12700 1'7000
r Rilllfillil .. 0700 10500
Smith ._ . 3500
Billllks . . 1.100 200 200
111200 44200 44200
Qllolll 232101
liltlli
Iillldwhl ..  .  7200 9000
(illbcl‘l . .. . .. . 5400
Micros 11100 11800
Worth . 30200 23000
IIllliikh . 300 I100
‘1‘1200 41200

 

State New Publishing Policy

Forum, the discussion group of
Stole (Yollcuc. bus fllllllllcd i
new policy of publishing “Soup-
box" wcckly. lllstcud of ill-\vl-ckly.
or. was the policy in the past.
The paper will be larger and
will be distributed in lllc lower
balls of Draper Wednesday
morning

The lli'llt'll'h lll "Soapbox" will
bc ’li lnlcl'cal. to lllc student body
In general. but will ()llCt‘i‘il mut-
lcrs of particular inlcrcsl to So-
clul f-lllldlcs lllujors.

Illllll iloscll. '40. Speaker of
Forum. has l‘cqllcslcd all students
to collll'lillllc articles of timely
interest which llluy ho plucod in
lllc Forum lllullbox. Nunles will
be wilbilciu upon request.

 

 

BoIIo’is To Sleek

On Legislation

Dr. Minnie B. Scotland, chair-
man of the faculty council, has an-
nounced that ballots have been sent
to the faculty asking whether or
not they favor supporting the New
York Teachers Association in its
campaign for higher salaries for
teachers. The Council unanimously
agreed that the association should
be supported in its drive.

The specific legislation proposals
which the faculty is asked to back
are: l—the Young-Milmoe Teachers
Salary Bill which provides for a
minimum salary of $2400 and regu-
lar increments up to $3600; 2—The
Young-Milmoe State Aid Bill which
provides the necessary state aid to
put the above salary schedule into
operation.

If the faculty decides to support
the Teachers Association in its cam-
paign, the Faculty Council will no-
tify the Association of the willing—
ness of the faculty to help and sup-
port the campaign.

IGC To Interview
Mayor Corning

Inter-Group Council has sched-
uled several activities this week in-
cluding a meeting with Mayor Corn-
ing today at 3:30 P. M. and an
open meeting in the Lounge, Thurs-
day at 3:30 P.M., according to Lois
Hutchinson. '47. Chairman. The
Council also announced the election
of Ruth Seelbach, ’48, representa-
tive of 1.6.0. at the Conference of
Eastern State Teacher’s Colleges to
be held at Atlantic City March 29.

The executive board will inter—
view Mayor Corning this afternoon
ill order to discuss inter-group ac-
tivities ill Albany and to learn how
IGC can help to further these activi-
ties. Miss Hutchinson said that the
Council is particularly interested in
discussing inter-group relations in
the schools alld among teachers.

A movie on inter-group activities
will be shown at. the open meeting
Thursday.

Name Two Instructors
To Faculty Vacancies

lC'tlIlliillif‘ll- from Page 1. Column 4!

University in Morgantown. W. Vn..
where he obtained his Master's dc-
grcc. Mr. Jones replaces Mr. Harris
wllo resigned during Christmas vn-
cation due to ill health.

Mr. l..indbacbcr. having received
ills Bachelor's llll(l Master's degrees
from State. returns lo fill the posi-
tion icl't. vllcunl. by Mr. Skolton. Mr.
Skclton has accepted u position
with 'l‘clnplc Ulllrcrsity in Phila-
delphia. Pennsylvania.

Clubs Schedules
Banquet, Movie

«(ion/biler Irom l’uuc l. Column 21

Commuters Club. has announced
that u siclghridc and hot dog roast.
will be held Sunday at. 1:30 P. M.
iii. lt‘rcur Pnrk ill 'l‘roy. Harold 'I‘ull-
kci. ‘50, is in charge of arrange-
ments. Cars will provide the trans-
portation lllld thoso who own sleds
ulld tobugguus are urged to bring
their own equiplllcnt.

 

PATRONIZE

(Hill.

ADVERTIZERS

 

 

 

 

