x. m‘i‘awnwxmwnwwurr

r.» sp- . :
- 4‘1 Abram Mania“: .

Varnvnjzi'lr' '

 

 

W... ,12‘7ﬁ‘h‘wmt-vwnmmnw -

FAG! I

I a o o I _
Lets Be erlizeci . . .

It is high time that State students got out the
“cleaning rags” (and started polishing up their
manners a bit. At such an institution of higher
learning it is assumed that those within its walls
pessess some of the qualities known as courtesy,
consideration and politeness.

According to Webster, politeness commonly im-
plies thoughtfulness for the feelings of others, and
courtesy reflects a considerate and dignified atti-
tude. If the conduct of those present in last F riday’s
assembly exemplifies any of the above characteris-
tics, then there is a great lack of understanding
of the rules of conduct for an intelligent audience.

True, it takes a bit of concentration and deep
thinking to fathom a subject along the lines of
Friday’s speech, but that is not a topic which is
over the heads of would-be teachers. Perhaps
we need a loudspeaker system in the auditorium,
but nevertheless, that affords no excuse for all the
noise and confusion which nearly drowned out the
words of the speaker. On the other hand, if there
had been less talking and rattling of candy wrap-
pers, lunch bags, and newspapers, those in the front
rows would not have had to SLI'ZlIll their ears to
catch what was being said.

Impressions of State College are gained through
the contacts which guest speakers make with the
student body in appearing before them. What sort
of a reputation will State have if this kind of ac-
tion takes place every time a speaker delves into
a “slightly deep" subject which may seem at the
time to be connected with the far-distant future?
If some would~be teachers are not concerned with
the role of education in world peace and do not
care to listen, at least they could keep quiet so
those who want to hear may do so with the ruini-
mum oi leaning forward and straining the auditory
nerves.

More About Civilization

"l‘is true perhaps that we should lay off rivalry
in the Sophonmre edition, but the issue we'd like
to raise is not one that involves only 1949 or 1950
but rather the future of the rivalry tradition at
State.

Moving-Up Day has always been one of our
most cherished traditions and a very solemn one
marred only by the cut—throat activities between
the rival classes.

We move to get rid of this sort of thing. There
was certainly nothing worth upholding in the dis—
graceful exhibition last Moving-Up Day when one
class crawled through the lines of another with the
resulting danger to life and limb. It was not in
keeping with the supposed-to-be solemn occasion
and set many parents to sending for college cata-
logues anew.

The answer lies in cooperation and sincerity be-
tween the rival classes. This only will help to
keep the rivalry tradition worthwhile and fun.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of1918

March 28, fill? No. 20

Member Distributor
Ansiiclult'tl (.‘ollcglutc l'rciiir Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate ncwspupr-r of tho New York Strife (.‘ol-
Itvgl' for 'l‘cnclu-r'. published cvn-I'y Friday of’ the cutter:
year by the NEW}: Ilonrd for the Student Association.
I'hom-u: ’I‘i-ssier, tl~tl.'il'..', Irilsock, Hull-ill: l'cndci'. Dunlny,
cor-Jo. [(unz. s-ozs'l: skohrky, Horn. Members of the "own
staff may be l'i-rll'Ill-rl ’l‘iir-s., rind Wed. from 7 to llziitl l’..\i.
Ill 1'. ftltil.

 

The News Board

MARV F. TESSIER . .
BERNARD M. BKOLSKY
BENJAMIN REED
LORNA KUNZ .
GLORIA BRECLIN
VIRGINIA DAY
MARTHA DUNLAY
MARGERY FENDER
CAROL CLARK

ANN MAY . .
ELLEN ROCHFORD

EDITORJN-CHIEP
MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
tic-CIRCULATION MANAGER
BFORTI EDITOR
ADVERTISING MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
ABBOCIATI EDITOR
ASIOCIATI EDITOR
AlSOCIATE EDITOR

 

lssuo Editors
IIAX’I‘IEII, III'JVLIN, Fl’l‘ZMOltltlS
LANDAU, l'ULVEli. SPENCER

 

All commurilcntlorm should he iiiidrcuiiod to the editor and
IUIII ho signed. Names will be withheld upon roruclt.
'Dhe il'l‘A’l‘Ill COLLEGE. NEWS Iliitilllnal no rouponuliiiilty
In opinions exrrciisod In its columns or communications
or each express one do not necessarily reflect its View.

«we

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 28, 1947

 

 

ON THE OTHER HAND...

 

 

By JOYCE

The Colonial News from Endicott
reports a new service—The Baby
Sitters Organization. The mini-
mum rate from 8200 PM. to 11:00
PM. is $1.10; each hour before 8:00
PM. is 35 cents and each hour after
11:00 PM. is 45 cents. All extra
services such as washing dishes are
25 cents each (each service, not each
dish). Requests for these sitters may
be made at the Office of Student;
Personnel and all students assigned
will receive appointment cards with
detailed instructions.

In Russell Sage the spotlight is
on the Honor Code. Meetings have
been held to discuss and criticize
the way it works and its recent
transgressions. The two most ob-
vious shortcomings have been noise
in the library and excessive drink-
ing. In the meetings it was decided
that; over—crowding is the main
cause of the noise and it is up to
each individual to see that both
he and his neighbor are quiet. The
Honor Code is for guidance rather
than punishment and only co-op-
eration will make it successful ac-
cording to Lois Brown, Chairman
of the Meetings.

Economy is the by-word of the
Junior From this year at Syracuse
University. Tickets for only $3.60
are the lowest. in the history of the
college. Co-eds wearing flowers will
find it necessary to check them at;
the door in order to discourage the

DICKERSON

usual customary and rather expen-
sive practice. When they say to
keep the expenses down, they mean
t

I

Plans for the Spring Weekend at
Syracuse are in full swing. “Under
the Bigtop" will be the overall
themes with a pageant consisting
of sequences of classes, activities,
studies, and social life on campus
proving that “College Is a Two-Ring
Circus”. Isn't it the truth tho?

Russell Sage plans to continue its
Men’s Division for another year. The
group will all be taking freshman
subjects, since the ones this year
will have transferred to other col-
leges. If there are any studenes who
have difficulty in transferring, they
may be given the chance to continue
their studies another year, although
such a program would only involve
very special cases. The new group
will be composed largely of veterans,
and non-veterans outside the Troy
area will find themselves ineligible.

Wth many thanks to the Syracuse
Daily Orange, we close with this
gay little ditty . . . . . . . ..
And suddenly It's . . . .
Spring at State . .
Snow and mud . . . spring fever and
influenza inidsemestors and
mud-sputtered saddles . . . gray
clouds and gay handkci'ehicfs . . .
studies on the sod . . short cuts
and class cuts . , .

WELCOME.

 

Gammomical‘lond

 

To The Editor:

Last. Friday, Forum brought a
speaker to inform us on UNESCO.
I must agree that the speaker lacked
color or shall we say she needed
punch to keep people interested in
a dry but important. subject. This
is not Forum‘s fault.

But how can students, who are
over 10 years of age chronologi-
cally. be so impolite as to speak
while someone older is speaking
If you can't. be polite enough to sit
quietly and read your NEWS so
that. the speaker can't see it, “Go
home. young man", you won't make
a school teacher anyway.

Philip Lashinsky. '47
To the Editor:

Referring to last week's assem-
bly, It is certainly disgraceful when
an assembly of State College stu-
dents condricts itself in a manner.
worthy of the censure. not only of
the speaker. but of large numbers of
the student body.

Granted that there were many
distracting influences such as:

1. Apathy on the part of the stri—
dont toward a subject of world-wide
importance.

2. The nearing lunch hour.

3. The lack of forcefulncss on the
part of the speaker.

4. The necessity for student teach-
ers to use the Milne exit.

5. The appeal of the State College
NEWS.

0. The fact that many mld-scms
were scheduled for Friday after—
noon.

7. Obvious sclilshncss of certain
groups of students.

Possible stringent methods for the
allicviation of such conduct as oc—
curred lirst Friday might. bc:

i. To open the :af‘ctcrirr only after
(hr- close of assembly.

2. To distribute the NEWS only
at the close of assembly.

3. To forbid studying and carting
during assembly.

l-lowcvcr, the conditions might.
more easily be counteracted through
the following measures:

1. To usc the public address ini-
crophonc for our speakers.

2, To use rnorc discretion in
choosing speakers.

it. To umkc individuals conscious
of their responsibility for proper
conduct. it Is this final point. which
we wish to emphasize. ls ours n ma-
turo or juvcntlo strident body?

Elizabeth Margot. '-l7.

James (Ionloy, '-i7

Mary ’l‘clian, '47

Alice. Knapp Randall, '47

(lrrtlii'lriri Donnelly. "Ill
To The Editor:

Upon reading the Kniclosrbockcr
News of March 26, we have come
across two ('Icgrading articles di-
rected against State College and
the strident body.

It seems State College has been
an object, of abuse in several such
articles this year by this publica-

tion. There are at least ten other
colleges iir this immediate vicinity
aird it seems to us that State Col-
lege is the only one which has been
overly-publicized In this detrimen—
tal manner.
We realize that we have had write-
ups. concerning our social activi-
ties, which have not been unfavor-
able; but yet these are not compar-
able to the poor publicity we have
received.
For example, State College stu-
dents havc contributed generously
to chairitable drives here in Albany.
In addition, no one can say Alban-
ians haVcn't. enjoyed the guest ar-
tists and productions presented by
State College organizations
Therefore. we feel State College
has been unjustly criticized on the
basis of minor details which concern
only the student body.
Hasn't this derision gone on
long enough?
Patricia Rourke, ’49
Wanda “are, ’50
Emily Uznanska, '49
Margaret llosklng, ’50
Lucy Lytlc. '49
Janet Lewis. '49
Audrey liveleigii, '50
Louise Duteher, ’49
Doris Bender, ’49

To The Editor:

I wish to thank all the people who
helped me make State Fair possible.
Without the enthusiastic co-opcr~
atlon of all the committees. it
couldn’t have been a success.

Alice l’rindle, “iii
To the Editor:

In regard to the printed letter of
last. week’s NEWS, some fuel that the
Class of 1950 should provide some
defense for themselves. We offer no
defense because It. seems an unnec-
cssrrry apology. We should merely
like to bring to the rrrlrrd of last
week's t'tit‘l'cspolitli'iil that he spoke
of a decided nrinorlly and the opin-
ions thcrc stirch arc not; those of
the majority of (In- freshman class.

(‘ouncll of [950
To the Editor:

In tlrc Mrrrclr Lllsl. Issue of the
S’I‘A’l'lil C()[iIiIIi(.II‘i NEWS, the. Class
of ’50, was iiivcrr dullc a going over
by one "l-lopcf‘rrl" and one "Com—
mon-Stalcr“, Such cxrunplcs of de-
structlvc criticism are scored. No
doubt. tin-rc are many who would
like to compliment. them In regard
to their talents.

"llopcf‘rrl" mmlc the following
statements which were of particular
interest: (I) "The only interest
they have taken outside of studying,
has been in rivalry." (2) “So please,
let's see some freshmen do some
work. (i)thcrwisc, 1950 Is going to
llitftl'l'l the decline of State College

“Common-Statcr" revealed that
(1) Word has reached us that the
class of 1950 Is planning to discern
tlnuo rivalry." (2) “The most, that
can be done by the present fresh-
man class is to protest.” (8) "So

fife em Be Beauty“!
Wm!” Pup“ Social 60mlde

By INESON and WINGATE

 

(Each, week in this column, “Ed 19 Anonymous”,
staffed by a group of eminent authorities in the
field of Human Gyrallons, seeks to help those poor
twisted, distorted neurasthenlos who have not yet
found the path to sane, normal gyratiou in our com-
plex social structure.)

Today’s Letter
Dear Sir:

Nobody likes me. Even dogs. In fact, dogs most
of all. Even the janitor avoids me.

How can I find the path to sane normal gyration
in our complex oscial structure? Huh? How can I
get to be a big wheel?

(Signed) DESPERATE

PS. I will settle for being a small cog. if it is any
easier for you.

Dear Desperate:

"The big wheel runs by faith, and the little wheel
runs by the grace of God."

You, Sir, have obviously been misled by the above
quotation. The process of achieving social success
requires, not faith. but a dynamic concept of the
mores and institutions in which we find ourselves
enmeshed. We hope that the following simple steps,
fundamental to the process of becoming, as your
quaint idiom so succinctly states, "a big wlrccl". will
improve your status. if not your grumnrcr

l. Participate in Dramatics. The rcquircnu-ius are
simple. You need only commit to memory the fol»
lowing phrases. “Darling, you were (lir‘ian‘ “Ilis
Icchirirpir: is good. but he can't projrrl." “It was
good. brit the mood wasn‘t sustained." 'l‘hcsc arc
interchangeable. rczardless of the situation.

Always be present in the Annex whenever possible,
particularly on Saturday mornings. Standard cos-
tume: filthy jeans complete with hammer. buggy
sweatshirt. and ii responsible expression I-lr-lpfrrl also
is the insistent demand for someone to get you a
crip of coffee and an “Idcal on rye" from the Roul.
(An esoteric colloquialism indicative of' thc dcsirc
for food. Derivation unknown.)

2. Take some Science course. Any Science coursc,
provided that it includes a lab. ’l‘his tittlrrliitrlir'nlly
entitles you to wear a Lab coat. ICxer-t your Iliiiiti:;t.
influence to obtain an aged, acid-stained coat, corn~
plete with blood-stains, (your own, if necessary.)
Never wash it. The walk from lockcrroonr to furl)
in this punctilious attire is a ritual not to be taken
lightly.

3. One's social status is inextricably IIIIt‘I‘\Vt)\'(‘Il
with one's ronduct in the Commons. The socially
elite play bridge. It is riot necessary to understand
the game. The simple expedient of walking about
with a deck of cards demanding “a fourth” will
suffice. Next lowest in standing are the Ping l’ong
players. Again it is not necessary to be proficient.
A thundering serve, delivered from six feet behind
the table will earmark you as socially acceptable.

4. The mailbox is your best source of self :rdvcr~
tiscment. Many authorities advocate letting onc‘s
notes accumulate and reading them only Iii-monthly.
Thus you are assured that others in your box will be
aware of your popularity. This, however. is def-
i\nitely inferior to reading your notes and replacing
them in the box. In this way, you will be seen rriorc
often in lower Draper, with an attendant rise in re—
spect.

5. Do not. rriidcr any circumstances, commit- the
heinous crime of studying. Anything better than n
C-Plus average will draw only verbal abuse and
lifted eyebrows. Two to three warnings promise to
be in style this spring. a most chic complement to
your Post-Mldsem attire.

5. We. assume from your Ictotr that you are u

mun; at least that you are riot a woman. It follows
then that you should immediately invest iii :11. least
a dozen pipes (Iioolr‘ulis show signs of replacing tlrc
once-popular bulldog variety) to insure your plan-
as u imrir of distinction. Were you a woman. chain—
smoking of scroungcd cigarettes would be vour- (no
bl‘enr’ of prominence. (A word to tire wise we are
flipping our ashes on the floor this scnrcstcr.)
. llrrppy gyriitions. Sir, may you survlvc tlrc insid-
ious nrrrchinullons of society on your- Hold to so
cirrl prominence. And in the cvr-nt that all else tour».
see us personally. We will be at. the foul. churn
smoking our lrooklrhs. lilltI venting our il‘llHIl‘llIIrHr‘r
iir literary invcctch.

what It you did take a bcirlnrp, lronr llrc llltIttI"» III
debuted)”.

It'Ithc (,‘lrnrs ol ‘bd is such llll lnf'cr‘ror class. \\Ir\‘
ur'r- lls tin-tubers risked to participate In cxtr’ri-clr'r'ic-
llItli' activities? Hili'cly lro h'lulc (lollcirc l)l'1.',tllll7.flll(iil
would care to hover Its standards to pcrnrit l‘r'cshuu-n
to join it.

“Word has reached us" was ncvor t'()|l.‘iI(I(‘l't'(I a
vcry rclmblc source of Information, but IIlIll fact did
not'prcvcnt “Common Stuff-r" from no (pink. to roll-
clusions about the freshmen, l"ltl'liit'i‘tll()I‘(‘, l. iii-(“HIS
like hypocrisy for (r writer to us much in." conccdc
that the (Iliiss of '50 took it bcntinir from ttrc iriduca
In the debate IllitI Ilicrr condemn the class for pro—
testing the judges decisions.

Perhaps If some people trch to be it little less blast-d
they might find that the freshmen are not, such a
bird lot. after IIII. Perhaps some of Stutc's best. Will‘k'
crs would bc found to bc freshmen.

‘ I may be wrong about. tlicsc firings, but. I run con—
tldcnt enough that I am not. wrong that. I timl it
unnecessary to hide behind such a mono us "Unborn?-
ml" or "Frcslmum-State."

.Iiin (triiiiro. '50.

Greeks Initiate
New Members, ‘

Set Future Plans

Kappa Delta Rho pledged eight
men, Monday at 8 PM. in Room 206,
while Sigma Lambda Sigma held
initiation ceremonies for thirteen
second semester pledges, Tuesday
at; 7:30 in the Lounge. Kappa Beta
Fraternity has formulated plans for
an alumni week-end, the week of
Moving-Up Day.

Members pledged to Kappa Delta
Rho, include James Baumgarten,
Robert Van Dam, John Morris, Al-
bert Holiday, John O’Meara and
Carroll Gulbvan. freshmen, and
James Brophy and Robert; Han-
sen, Sophomores. According to Our-
tis Pfaff, ’48, President, pledge per-
iod will last until May 7.

Sigma Lambda Sigma initiated
the following men. Tuesday: Harold
Tunkel, Orson Dunham, Heinz En-
gel, Frank Dembrosky, Henry Dom-
browski, Royal Monroe, Richard
Watson and Warren Nobel. fresh-
men, and Jacob Schule. Francis An-
dreone, and Richard Hayford, Sop-
homores.

Following the initiation. a busi-
ness meeting was held. where plans
were made for a dance to be held in
the Lounge, April 26. The Annual
Banquet of Sigma Lambda Sigma
was held Thursday at Pancttn‘s
Restaurant.

Kappa Beta has announced that
the Alrrinni chk-cnd will consist
of a semi—formal. and banquet on
Friday and Saturday, and a picnic
on Sunday afternoon. As yet no
committees have bccn appointed

Will Tum In Guide Folders

Marian Micras. '48. chairman of
Strident Guides. has announced that.
all Freshmen Guide Questionnaires
must be iir this week. Dean Ellen
G. Stokes asked for these by March
10. but she will accept them. if they
are in her office by Monday. Ac-
cording to Miss Micros. all people
who were Strident Guides should
place their circulars in her mailbox
sometime today, if they have not
already done so.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 2.. 1947

04m 1w - -' ,na gained. ‘

An Allegoricol Play In 2 Acts

Dramatis Personae.

Two Devils.

Satin Gilbert, leader of the Yel-
low Gremlins.

Dunn, Baker, Lisker, leaders of
the Red Devils.

Various coal—beavers.

Act 1, Scene I—Hades

(The fires leap wildli, throngs
of enraged souls knock at the
gates of hell, smoke-blackened
spirits of cell stand ready to block:
this invasion — confusion reigns
over Hades)

- lst devil: She‘s coming!

2nd devil: Her highness Satin
Gilbert. the First. (Trumpets sound
four long and nine short tools.)

Satin: Our kingdom is about to
be invaded. The greatest warriors
in history stand at our portals . . .
the class of 1949 The Red
Devils! Stand ready, men. We
must fight; to the death.

(outside the Red Devils pound
r‘iolcnlli/ on the doors. A khaki—
r‘ldd nwssmr_I/cr' enters)

Messenger: Telegram for Jerry
Drrnn.

Dunn: (tender of lhc Red. Ones):
Right here, boy. Damnation! These
ordcrs say to report tomorrow. Well,
if there‘s anything you want. cori—
tact me at Fourteenth platoon bur—
rricks, section two, Fort Dix. Hell
on Earth. Good luck, men.

Scene II

(All lily/ht lhc Dr'r‘ils Iltll‘l' ('(llllll(.'(1
(ti' lhr' y/(llr‘s, but with tho dawn
roorrs (,7 [my and brittle. Noic IhI'
r1: i‘iIs how (I llt'lt' lcodcr, ’I‘hc chan
of “IV: Coo Win" I'lxt’s strong/(p,
ox Ihr [Jr'i‘i'ls- ])I'I’])((l'l‘ for IHIlIlc.)

Baker: To arms. rncn. Unl‘rrrl the
banner. Wc harc rrrrrch to do for
the Ycllow Gremlins are strong. Do
not. return without their flag. Sea-
nnin. are your men ready for ac-
tion?

Seaman: We arc ready. sir.

(Iv'or Irco hours I/I(' INI/II!‘ I‘rlgcs
(llllf ,I'Illflllll Ihr INN/s bred/r dorcn
lhi oil/cs. IllNltlf' Solon addresses
lhr l’rf/oic Irr'oillns.)

Gilbert: Men. the Devils have
out—fought us. We rnrrst retreat.
Leave by the back end.

(’I'Ilr‘ Dr'i‘l'ls Idlr'c ()l‘f'l' Chaos, ttltlf

Cultures OI AII Nations To Furnish
Theme For Gala IGC Folk Festival

By JOYCE DICK ICRSON

“What is Alllt’l'l('tt to inc.’

A Home, a map, a. flag I sci-g‘

A certain ioord, DcpiocrucuI

What is .inicricd to mcz‘

The house 1 Zinc in,

A plot of (’(tl'HI, rt slrcr‘l. lhc gro-
ccr'. the butcher,

And the pcoplc that I nrr'r'l.

'l'hr' childrcu in llic playground,

The million lights I sr‘r‘,

All races (UNI religions-

’I‘hut's Anicricd lo inc."

So gOcs the Inter-Group Council
Folk Festival to the background
music of “The Housc I Live In."
Dancing and dialogue will combine
to make a panourunu of color and
interest.

The national Illl‘lllf‘ will be pre—
dominant. in the stage prcscnta-
tion of customs, folk dances and
songs. A descriptive nirrrntion failing
out. at the beginning of cur-h act will
sr-i‘Vc us (i link for the t'lllll't‘ pro-
drrcllon.

A ltrrssion bullet will proridc the
first crricrtnhrnrcnl. Now prcprrrc
~\our'sclt’! A Hawaiian croup (lunch
in costume and all should do
it's shore in cr'cuthn; Inc :rlnros-
plrci'c. For those of you who
ill‘t‘ Irish and proud of '.
Ilrcr'c's llll Irish folk tirlr- with the

trridilionul musical background. Di—
alogue in the form of a French
lovc scene should prove very amus—
ing. Possibly we'll stop next in Pal-
cstinc for a group folk dance or it
might cven be in Italy to hear some
poetry in dialect. The Indians will
have a representation with some-
thing ncw and different~u clarinet
stilt). Who knOWs brit. we might even
hear the “Indian Love Call". The
only prrrrtornime. a Chinese home
sccnc, will add quite a contrast. to
the other action. Another group
dnncc. Swedish this time. will carry
us Into the scrcnc mood traditional
to the Scandinavian countries. Tire
Ncgro selection Is on the piano and
It's borrnd to bc worth hearing.

liown we go to the gym to a guy
carousel. lrlcrc We have fill lntr-r-
imlioiuil thcmc. A festive motive
wll predominate during this period
of rcfrcshmcnt and dancing.

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2 HARBERSVVVNO WAITING
2H) (‘cntrril Avenue Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

for Every

 

Send your greetings by Record.
The Go-Op has a Record
Occasion

 

 

Sophomore Desk Editors:

 (“we 

" Far Dean's List

 {Continued from Page 1,' column u

Sitting: Elsie Landau. Helen Dunn Baxter, Jean Spencer.

Standing: Patricia Devlin, )oletta

Fitzmorrls, Jean Pulver.

 

soon lhcy urc rcridj/ lo celebrate.
Ellif‘l‘ ()YMHH‘N.)

O'Meara: Sir, they have retreat-
cd with our banner in their yellow
jccp. But tonight we‘ll paint. the
jeep with the blood of their own
men.

(C't'lcln'dlioir I‘UIIIIIIIU‘N for hours
(If Ihc 7'(It‘('l'll just around Ihr' cor-
"(‘1' from Ilclll

Sccnc Ill
Evening Bci‘orc Moving—Down Day
(It'll/i lhc It'll/Ill‘l/ from (I [My Ill
Ihcir hands, I/ir- [rim] l)ci:ll.s- [)I'I‘]I(ll‘('
lhcir rig/1.1 for Ihc coming; day in
tho rcurmlh of the Ranch rooms.
h‘n/cl' KI/Il‘l'dgt’.)

Kitti'cdgc‘ We have kidnapped
tlrc keeper of ilrc banners. She has
been taken to our fortifications at
Red Hook. sir, Five of our mast
trusted incir will return with the
hostage at dawn.

Baker: Good work. Sit down and
drink the firepotion with us.

(Thc r‘oiccs of (hc (ICI‘IIH dro
hmrrl us- lhci/ chmrl lhc hymns lo
lhr' fire-gods.)

Flanagan: The fire gods have
been good to us . . . remember the
great C Day, when we stormed the
gates of Chaos?

Anderson: The Big-8 we gave in
the Antoroorn of Hell was certainly
blessed by the. gods.

'l‘haycr: Coplan, with that rrpachc
dance, and Sargent and Wurzler (lid
their share to keep things hot.

Mills: Well. Rickie and I did our
part in the final clinch.

O'Mcara: Forget the past, Devils.
Fill the crip with the fire—potion. A
toast. to the Red Devils in Hell.

Act II, Secnc I
The Day of Activities

(’l'hr' folloil‘iily your, (If/(’t‘ two
months of Irdr‘cliiip dir‘ci'sc paths,
lhr' Ut'i‘IIN I‘t'flfl'li to IIII’II' riborlo I'll
HI'II.

Baker: Men, we are once more
gathered in the depths of this In-
ferno . . . ready to take on the
burdens of the fire. (aside) Zan-
chclli, put some wood on. Our borne
has been inhabited by a group of
Bluejays. We must teach them to
be good fire-caters. We must show
them who is supreme.

McIntyre: Baker, sir, we've just
received signatures for the secret
order of Alnaksynr. and tickets for
hot seats in the library have been
sold for hours.

Scene II
Page Hall Field Hell

Zanchelli: Ow! my eye!

Klocpi‘el: Ow! my 1ch

Powell: Ow! my wrist!

Ineson: We went!

Scene III

(Circle Inn. 10 miles from Hell)

Wurzlcr: Someday hc’ll come
along. . . .

Lisker: (groans).

Scene IV

(Baker. Ihc louder of the Red
Oiics, was resigned and Lisker, Hrc
noioly-choscu (trrriil, takes over)

Liskcr: The glorious heritage
of the Red Devils will not die, for
ours is the glory of Hell.

Scene V
Sophomore Big-8

Wilcox: "One for the money."

Donnelly: “Two for the show."

Sophs: “Three to get ready."

All: "And tour to go."

chard, Curtis Pratt, George Poulos,
Alice l'rlndle, Zollie Privett,‘ In:
Quinn, Mary Regan. Arliene miter,
Angie ltlccl, lletty Robertson, Myra
Roscnlier , Joseph Doulier, nose.“
ltyiin, L llliin Salanl, Laura Galilee.
Donald Sriyies', Shirley Schneider, Rita
Shapiro, Frances Sown, Joseph Sten-
rird. lrene Sznrck. James Taylor, Marl-
lyn Thomson. Shirley Van Poperllg.
Dorothy Wulejslo, Frances Wills,
Marionlee Watkins, Doris Weider,
Arlee Williams. Shirley Williams, Orl'
stltn Wolf, Selene Wolf, and Luke
’. res.

Class of 1040: Stanley Abrams, Mar.
llyii Avalciir, William Balm Frederick
linron, .leiin llussctt, Marc Bennett,
Dorothy llyrncs‘. John Campbell, Stun-
loy (.‘Irwnlck, Cliirii (.‘lprinnl, Elisabeth
Cross, Aldri Dir liriimo, Floyd Decatur,
Mark.- lJIcklnson, ltomrld Dixon, Cath-
crlno lionrrolly. Gloria when Sam
I‘liillll, .luonltir I‘inlllii. ltutli lI‘aIrhnlrn,
.lolin Fay. (.‘orlnno Felgln, Alvin Fold-
inirn, ltlcluird Foster, Joseph Fron-
ecllo. (icorge Frank, Lawrence Fried,
lrcnc (lirllowny, llso (iluckstridt, Anne
(lourloy, Ileleu llnhcrrniinn. Nancy
llollimrn, l’crsls llockridge, Betty I'Io-
lrcrrstein, Mary llorrrn. Mary latauro,
.lcxrn int-son, John Jennings, Robert
Kulscr. Virginia Keller, Dorothy Kern,
I'th‘i‘Ntlll Klim, Robert; Klttredgc, Alex-
rrrrdrri Kozlowskl. Anne Kozlowskl,
Min-y Krom. llli‘rlcda Liicmincrzalil,
Elsie lynndrru, Donald Lnns’ky, ltutli
Lek-r, Ilonuie Lewis, Angelina Lisl,
Lucy l.,\'tlc. Joyce Mctfollurn, Agnes
McIntyre. Norman Mirdsr-n, Mary Ma-
noirl. Marlo Markham, linroid Mills,
l'llsn Mobci'g. .l‘i-irunc Moslricr, Marjo-
rie Munro. .\nu:r ()Iln, .luuc Olsen,
l-anory ()shoru. Lawrence ()strimder,
’I‘lrclnm l'uug-lrurn. llorotlry l'rrrr, liar-
lnrrir l’ur‘ry, William l’riwlucklc, Ml-
vlun-l I‘ul'i:ili()\’il. Lori-nine ltrisiniisscn,
llclcir liodrik, I‘lthcl ltosr-nhcrg, Shir-
ley Scluilzlc. YVI'III' Helichbek, Mtii‘y
Scull. .lcnnc Selkirk. William Sher-bun.
.\brnlmnr HIu-rcr, .loycc Simon, llelen
Sims. lu-onurd Skolnlck. Alice J.
Smith, Audri-y' Stolgorwald. l)olorcx
Hloclr'cl', llnrold Story, Anuc Sullcli,
\’lrglnl:r Waite. Itcrtlnr Wirshburn,
Marvin Wayne, flurry Wlllhirns’, Gif-
f‘ord \\'lngnlc, llllll .Iosopli Zanclrclll.

(‘Irrss of 1950: iII'ltllllt‘ llowcn, Anna
ituno, liolorcs Putty, .lnnica (.‘iil‘irro,
.Iunc ('rrrnlrcr. .Iosr-ph (‘uror-rcllii, Shir-
lr-y l'tlslt‘l‘. ltutlr t‘ookluglurni, Geral-
diin- (‘oopcrrniin. (‘lll’f'oi‘il Crooks,
.\l:iric l)c(‘rirlo. .once Drilicrt, Joan
I‘lrhrndson, lioln-rt Fri-sen, Doris
lr‘rcr-dinirn. .Icunnc Hobo, (ilorln (Iollhl.
l’utcr IItl\’”,\', Mirry llcnkol, Beverly
IIuIIcI', lirrvld .liiclr. John King, lI‘rnih
i'q-s Konopkrr. (‘lii'lstlan Illeveslrir,
Mary Ilyirclr, .Icnn McNeil, Ruth
Mirrschucr. Iiullr Mirth-son, Duvld
.lloonr-y. John Moore, John O'Connor.
Marlon ()llvcr. .lolirr (I'Mciirn, Joan
l'cii-rson. liorls’ l’rlcc. Anthony l’ro-
chlllo, Warren Iteleli. licvcrly ltey-
nolds, Ithodii lilhor. Snmucl Seliallt,
William Schneider. (truce Helsm, Grace
Huck-y. Dorothy Smith, liehn Sonics,
Vivian Stcolo. ltutlr Sutherland, Paul-
lirc ’I‘Iiompson, Norono ’l.‘horson, Muth
’l‘otlcn. lleiiry 'l‘ruuli, Ahriilinni 'l‘rop.
.oncc Waldlr-r. Anne Wiilnlo, Lylo
Walsh. Mary Williams, .lrme Youmnns,
and Peter Youuurns.

 

BOULEVARD

l98--' 200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

PHONE 5-1913

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL”

IMFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

8mil 

DIAI. 4-1125

“I‘Iuy Whore the Flowers Grow"

FLORIST & GREENHOUSE

SPECIAL A'l"l‘l!)N'l‘ION to Sororities and lt‘raternities

Wagengast

OUR ONLY STORE

 

 

 

'l‘clcplionc 4-2290

20 So. PEARL STRE "T

 

7+srvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv

. - (' f
.. //rucl/(w  .Awmrur
\VA'I‘CIIES ltlltI DIAMONDS

of Better Quality

.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

list. lfl77

ALBANY, N. v.

 

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portraiture At; Its Finest”
~ ~

HOLLY WOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOU R PORTRAIT

'\r ‘r

 

OPEN 9:00 to 6:80 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

811 MADISON AVENUE
TELEPHONE 4-00"

 

