«an COLLIGI um. rnlom. JANUARY m. 1947 ‘

 

D  Tannenbaum Stale Appropriate: Funds
"   ‘ _ . , To Build Addilienoloorm
 S¢CF¢DIIY Flash to all those who have
0i IG C Board arias.mediators;

been forced to live in a private
room in the dorms—the state has
come through with enough money

At a meeting of Inter-Group
to build two large dormitories. or

Council on Wednesday, Edith Tan-
ehbaum. ’47. was Electea new Secre' course the mills of State, as well
tary of the Executive Board and as of God who slow) so you prob.
Alice Williams, '48. was named ably won’t get to liveinone of the
chairman of the WWW-form“ Com- prospective dorms yourselves, but
munity Service Committee Plans at least your children will be able
were formulated for a discussion to to have one of the advantages you
be held in freshman orientation, hugged _ hte at a state College
Monday at 3:30 PM. and a seminar DormI
meeting Tuesday. Dormitories mean quite a lot to

Members of the Community Serv- State College. Today visitors are
ice Committee were also appointed proudly shown pierce and Styles,
at the meeting .This committee will the result of hard work on the
work in cooperation with the Book- port of the administration and
er T. Washington Center of Albany. the alumni I

The Speakers D9118]. meeting With Sudden thought—if you work
the freshman in orientation will dis- hot-d and become famous you may
cuss “Prejudices of the College Stu- get a dorm named after you,
dent." The participants will delve
into the source otfh the pgejtudlcte,
how they affect o ers an ry o
solve the problem of combatting s - -
them and eliminating their evil ef-
fects. The speakers will be Lorna To the Editor:
Kunz, '47, chairman, Louis Robina
93“! '47: and E10159 Wm‘thv ’43' _ heard before, but it’s important

The seminar will continue its dis- enough to be tried again The past
cussions on the influence ‘of radio, few meetings of Forum hm,e been
press and movies in forming prej- very poorly attended. No matter
“dices' Dr' Margaret Hayesl aSSIS' how often the student body is re-

 

 

 

tant pl'OfeSSOI' 0f Educatlony W111 minded that it has an obligation as The concert was a testimony to his
speak on “American Humor and a prospective molder of American popularity among the peopleof Al-
youth to try to understand world bany and the college. PreVlous to
this appearance, he had played with

the State College orchestra and has
that we are withdrawing deeper and given several amateur performances
deeper into our comfortable shells. over the General Electric televisml
Bu‘ to rave against the students stations. In 1944 he won the Distric
zation Contest sponsored by the New York

Wolinsky,Pienist, Twelve Coeds Acquire Diamonds

Tours Europe

In Soldier Show 0

merly of the Class of ’47. has unt

recently been touring as

with the Soldier Show “Slightly teachers are destined
Classical". He made his professional of old
debut here at State in February,

1945, after tWelve years of musical ing what it’
ten to what those lucky (‘2) wom-

education.

“Slightly Classicai”, is a program en said when asked how
of light classical music which is about being engaged.
part of the program designed for
the entertainment of United States
occupation troops in Europe. P.F.C. Harry Baden,

Cupid
laus this ear—-or maybe the
cohorts. Aliyway, many of State's should miss. The rest is not for pub-
P.F.C. Frederick Wolinsky, for- charming coeds returned to school lication."
11 with eyes and diamonds sparkling
a pianist brilliantly. Who ever said school '47, responded, “It doesn’t feel much
for the life different, being engaged.”
maids. Owens, ’47, engaged to Paul Everts
those of you who are wonder- of Cornell, could not be reached for
5 like to walk on a cloud, 9. statement.

Mary Rousch, ’49, who’s sparkling
they felt with Don Sayles’ ring, said, “I think
I’m lucky.” Simple but sweet. Dottie
Skelton and Curtis Pfaff, Juniors,
6 happily engaged Dottie said, “It
smiled sweetly and doesn’t seem much different be-

For

Joan Alverson, ’47, walknig bliss-
fully home fl'om the Boul with or

As Cupid, Sonia Join Forces

certainly outdid Santa she ansWered guardedly, “It’s 8. won-
y were derfui feeling,

something no one

Majorie O’Grady and Tom Feeney,

Muriel

Wolinsky was the pianist for this said, “No regrets, and I finally got cause I’ve really been engaged since

show and played such numbers as, Baden tied down.

“Waltz in E Minor”, and “Polonaise” us not be possessive.

in A Flat Major by Chopin.
Studied under Gieseking

Mr. Wolinsky spent some time in
Germany studying under the plan-
ist, Gieseking, at Wiesbaden, and
performing with the Heidleberg and
WieSbaden Symphony orchesn‘a’ He “I’d recommend it .to everyone.” teachers or wives.

step,
Kenneth

Regina Ballenbach, ’49, engaged
to Charles Taylor of Corne

wonderful.”

For those of you who are wonder-
iilg whether or not to take the fatal College that it was an excellent mar-
Alice Beckers, '47, betrothed to riage bureau. Sometimes one won-
Ford of Albany. advises ders whether this place is to train

” Tsk! Tsk! Leave this summer; but this time it’s more
final.”

Mary Telian. '47, is engaged to
ll, could Sidney Tuthill of RPI. At least she
only gasp and say, “Oh Gee! It’s won't have to change the initials on
her luggage.

Somebody once remarked of State

It’s food for

also 'tOOk part m the broadcasts Rose Berg, '49, wearing Jack Gold- thought anyway.

Hoechst.

In February, 1945, Music Coun-
cil presented Mr. Wolinsky in a solo

concert, which marked his

State Federation of Music Clubs.

Early Education

Perhaps this is one of the song's over the Army Forces Network at Sum“ ring, could only utter, .Tm
speechless.”

He's from Union. ’Nuff said?

Lee Emeriing. ’49, who’s wearing
debuh John Ramsay’s R.P.I. frat pin,
blushed, and answered, “on Golly!
It’s too wonderful for words.” Jean
Hansen. ’48, roaming the halls with
that blond grad student, Edwin Hol- F
stein, thought it over for thirty-six of the Senior class. has announced
hours and finally Came Om WI“) “It's that the banuct scheduled for Jan.
Very hard to analyZeTtms being 11, has been moved back to the or-
, iglllal date, February 15. February

When Pat Kearney! ‘I‘7n was Iap' 15th was the original date of the
proachw about her engagement to Senior class banquet, but the date
Bob Loucks' a graduate or State’ was changed because it was thought

t engaged.”

 

Seniors Postpone

Date Oi Banquet

rank Woodworth, ‘47, President

-" that it would conflict with the State
Fair. The date of State Fair has

 

 

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portraiture At Its Finest"

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

 

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

 

Prejudice” at the meeting.
—‘ problems, the apathetic treatment
accorded to Forum is one indication
Faculty Attends
I for not supporting an organi
  is of no value in itself. There are
l at least two other places in which
0‘   we can see shares of the bliime. t1
. Ma be Forum’s :1 ea to lo - . . ~ . .-
p stiident ybody has not Eileen attrac- wimmltzsé‘ydifgcgtﬁ ZilliﬁggMgE‘it  since been changed
The annual meeting of the New tive enough. If this is true, Ellen Hummel Conservatory, Edward (Continued from Page 2’ 00mm" 2) 1A; yer lgqﬁ‘flhe‘llfiiillbiinhgleclded
York State Association of Second- why have not 'suggestions ieen Morris. with whom he Spent ﬁve . W; (is ie'tdrhshn my Wm be
dry School Principals was held ill forthcoming to lemedy the stua- ears. The next seven years were he had. Am] the most domocmtm en ((31; ,5 oo g 2
Syracuse from December 26-28. tron? If there are any brainstorms Spent Studying. under Edward we hesitate to dot,th fro)“ this held Tues ayhat noon, in Room 
Among those attending from State withheld for fear of refusal 01‘ um French. co_dh.ectm. of Morris_Hum_ system at h” for two reasons; First All Semmshale asked to atteniiut s
College were: Dr. R. W. Frederick. due notoriety, let them not be with- meh that it W111 set a precedent for meeting, since a quorum w be
Director. of Training; Dr. Robert held any longer. Forum. welcomes Before the age of eighteen he other orghhithiohsI for they too llc§essary tod cgndhct the gusinests.
Fisk, Principal of the Milne School; all constructive suggestions with amazed audiences with his unusual WI“ find It mom- to handle theh. lllllOl an op olnoic anque 5
Dr. Ralph Kenney. Assistant Pro- open arms and open minds. ‘ interpretation of the colnposicions funds in a 111x111) sum, aha second will be held on Feblualy 15th also.
fessor of Guidance; Dr. Edward 2 As far as the faculty backing of Bach! Beethoven. Mozarh Schu_ we cm” see the hecesmy for an
Coolie!" ASSIgant Proms?" “68,3132; ﬂitforglmhl: (gzﬁéfllfnegbxfncg‘mmg bert. Debussy, Chopin, Brahms, and ailéslldllnlfnt such a: iVIAtA desires,
“"50" m ommerce" 1“ e - himanh. c l cw1se les1 no 0 Cl‘llC’lZG
E)I‘Layloi', Assistant Professor and be an auxiliary to the social studies SC I __ me competency of MAA Council.
swam/1501' 1“ some” Studies; Miss .depm'tmenl- Why is it that Stu' but there are a few questions that
Mary Albei'ts, Assistant Director of dents are exhorted in classes to {11.150 which hem. answer: ‘1) Who
the Student Employment Bureau: keep abreast of the times, to think   is responsible for me athletic
and Dr. Paul Bulger. Instructor iii clearly, to take an active part in Cquhhhem and Supplies that were
Education and Director of Student the affairs at all levels of govern- _ issued to people and not returned
Employment Bureau. nlent, and when an organization is    after the period of use was over?
D1“ Fl'edermk Dreamed 0"“ one Offel‘ed to them on the campus to (2) What happened to MAA's books
565510“ 0f the convention 3L ‘Vthh 11811) them to that elldv “0 Word 15 I I I I I I f II I f last semester when the funds were
Dr- Stephen 001'93'0fcmcag0 SpDke SPOKE“ to urge the” l’m‘tmpﬁtlo“ D1“ 05”” L‘mfold' P10 em” 0 administered in a lump sum? (3)
on problems related to adolescent in it? Chemistry. has i‘eleﬂsed IlCWS 0f the WhV was the intrahhuml haskch
llSyCllOlogY~ There are more places to lay the puwhase Of a Specii‘olmommeim‘ foil ball lcuguc several weeks late 111 ~ ~
The State 0011898 alililiiil of high- responsibility for Forum‘s rough go- use in the Chelfl‘htiy del’mimlem- getting stat-ted? (4) Why are sev-
5011001 primipms hem ‘1 bl'eakmSt mg: blli WOUIdn't it be bemil' to The macmne' a lelatively mum 1!" oral stur members of former yours‘
on Saturday, December 28. Ray- wot-k at building ohd forget tho ti'oduction illto the field of chemis- baskehmh teams not supporting
mond Collins. '31. Principal of the biomihgo Stanley Abrams, '48 try. comes from Pasadena, Cnl- the Loam now with their talent?
Manhasset schoolS. Wits Elected To the Editor: fornia. ‘ . I“ _ 1 II 0110 other reason. We are new
president of the organization for About :1 week before vacation. The Sl’e‘tlol’hoto‘mm' ‘0 “9 “hm operating something like $3.000 in
the coming year. some instruments were borrowed (or in connection Willi El‘llduale Sway the rod because 01- uhhhhl Sthdoht
1 W 0tllCl'“’lSC l'emOVedl fl‘Om Ulc mu' m pIhySicalI.Shelilifuw'  usedliInI taxes [which are outstanding, and
siciil instrument room. One of these 0010.1 {millth Tit lllilt llllf‘ lllilith the uhhshh. of h lump Sum the Size ~ ‘
S P . . is my B-ilﬂt clarinet. If anyone ligggibllﬁl{2113;223:311113:11:???1:351:13;ch of MAM ,8 mm “(Wham
 ' i. 'who “borrowed” 1' T "  -’ ’l 4‘ 3 " V .  ,r, w. t l.
  iilloiVivvd/illgengprgeglate any inform- eliminating any doum “5 10 “'hm‘lmr [)l‘ii‘lli‘ilﬁtl‘lfllLillllliillillTlétlD.L mu on “L
uiion about it. I cnioy my clarinet. “10 “0101's “1'0 “like 01' “Oh I I
 h B 1 hood 1t badly what good is h The machine, having come from
8 . clarhhthst without a elm-mot? If Beckhllm Instrument Company ill  R 
M155 Mary Albertsi A"“““‘“ Di" any student know anything about Pasadena Camm'lllﬂu M ii (305‘? 01 I
THE COLLEGE JEWELER 811 MADISON AVENUE
103 CENTRAL AVE. TELEPHONE 4-0017

l-cctor of the Student Employment thysl wonw he please help me locum about $1,000I “my “ho ho hwd Fm.
Bureau, has announced lllilt ﬂight luv ihsmlment which I can't re. quantitative analysis and studying
students have obtained touching hhwh? reactions in tho lnoorntory' whwh
P0“thns {01' 1105'“ Semester. All“ '49 could not be studied before, bccuusc
Culllnnn, ’47. has accepted an edit- Of the mok of pmpol- oqhhmhmlII
lil )osition with Viewpoint. an In-
dugsti'inl Arts educational magazine. ville, social studies; Edwin Holstein.
Among those who will commence Cortland. cheilllstl‘y: Richard Kent.
teaching next semester are six Rocsvnlc. social studies. Two Scu-
griiduatcs: William Birclsnll, Mor- lors have disc‘sccurcd February p0-
uvlu, social studies; Margaret Cl’fi- sitlons: Christine Truman. Lake
illcr, Madison, milthcmutics; John Luzornc, English and social studies.
Crosley. Whitney Point. social stu- and llclcn Honeycombo. Ring, Eng-
dics; Anna Cunningham, St. Johns- Hell and French. Mlddlctown. R. I.

GEO. E. NAGENGAS'I' & SONS

Albany's Favorite Flower Shop

Blanche Bcrku

 

 

1

 

 

 

Wﬁere ever

ENS

are $9."

erchwifis

.I he scene

it our
sc‘ll'oo ileum.

Home Made ICE CREAM  and °°'°'

7 Sold exclu-
sively at
Pharmacy

7 No. Lake at
Western Ave.
The College
Albany. N. Y.

Where all the Students Meet

MADISON

S HO 1’

 

S W E E 'l‘
785 Madison Ave. ALBANY, N. Y.
ORCI-lllib‘ m GARDENIAS —— ROSES

(‘ORSAGES for any occasion SODAS W CANDY ﬂ SANDWICHES

Washington and Main Streets Telephone 8-0134 Luncheon Served Daily

 

 

 

MOPEN DAILY AT 8 A. M.

 

 

 

.1. MICHAEL lllPPI(')K~Stntc Representative

 

. _. mmmeummm . I mwulﬁmwrme-mwv>r~~~w

STATE'COLLIGI NIWB,‘ FRIDAY, JANUANY 10, 1.47

Varsity Faces ltliaca, Connecticut State;
Trips Plattsburg, Drops Two Games

 

 

I Squad Scheduled Th 5 H
e nows ave Come And
For Weekend Games It’s Really Old Man Winter

Pointing for their third win of i
the season, the Purple and Gold of yogfesé},,,‘,v,§§t hfglo‘évsl’l at ms?
Albany State are set for two week- chance to shine thatlei’s 57:33
end clashes at home. Ithaca Col- tho women hoyo'modo it ',ossi-
lege invades Page Hull this evening bloI The “femme {at 1 In f
to give State’s varsity its first test dear old State have 113C? stheir
(stilethﬁigiiflg’ y‘fiSLll‘hte'gOllgrfié‘xﬁ’erlslighg share of the limelight and think
Connecticut State move in to play ttiiliiwhfé’; 21125281113129 “11k? Mfr:
their first game of the year against you for the lllgllt oi‘gngi'lulifl'y (ii
S ate. .- I ‘ r One of you great big handsome

In preparation fOl the week-end men is goihn- to be the whole
games Coach Hathaway has been show whenothe women the
holding long drills this week iii an athletes and the uqqoc'llatjon
effort to have the squad in top con- choose tile he wilt; is to be tll
dition and spirit. Pointing out the King of WAAVS Winter Can i i e
mistakes made ill the Sieila game. Qualifications are easy Eovoa;
CoaCh Hathaway lla-‘Ii been emDha- get the Ipalla out and open up
sizing accurate pas-Sins and play- tllc new bottle of Vitalis all 011
making. several members of the have to be is handsome (notys
squad practiced during the holidays hm-d is it? When lyou {Ihihk 0?-
to be 1'03le 101‘ the tests tonight the torture womenhood must
rind t0m0110W- suffer to achieve that qucelllv
George Acting Captain look it'll be a snap for some

As a reward for his sterling ploy hunk of masculine pulcliritude
against Siella Ken George has been to walk off with the kingsllip.
named captain and will lead a I Can‘t you see that crown now.
fighting team into action against ‘ perhaps this time it will be vel-
Ithaca. Paired with George in the low roses, maybe the harem idea
front court will be Tom O'Brien could We‘ll be promoted.
who has been moved up from the Well, start spl'ucing kids,
center slot in order to give him will tell you who the judges
more opportunity to score. Jack are but it pays to be nice to
Kirby, “B010” Mal'slnlld and “Red” people. especially WAA.
Evans will back up George and
O‘Brien against an Ithaca team

that boasts a 49-28 will over Oswe- Raresisay’es Psicom
I

go. In another contest Ithaca bow-

cd to a strong Clarkson five. 50-36. 

l‘ncc (‘ollllccticut State In In BGSket League
Tomorrow night‘s game with Con-

necticut is sure to answer a lot of
questions about the strength of our

 

 

With the opening of the new
year. WAA continued the games in
inter-Stale rivals. To date no com- me “NI-V formed ‘louble league
parutivc scores or information is baSkeLball league' The teams in
available about the Teachers from CuCh lengue 599’“ L0 be evenly
across the border. State's sharp- mmChed m Strength and “1° 001"
shooting “Cy” Fcl'sll will captain L95“ played. “W Show” mm the
the Purple and Gold against Con- in"?! phi-Veils W1“ can {01' “‘0 be“
llccticui, and will open at the ccll~ ‘n mums girls baSkeLbﬂn-

Loy posh Koh Georg-o and Tom The Rarcs of Pierce mci Newman
O‘Brien will be in the front court IHullI Tuesday night in a same end-
with "Red" Evans and "Bolo" “19' 1“ ll Victory for the Ral'cs, 12-2.
Marslulld at the guard posts at. the T110 Slilll'klllllg 01' the Pierce icnm
first; whistloI on tho reserve lino was its captain. Jean Davidson, '47.
and eager for plenty of action will W110 was high SCOi'Ci' \Vllll '7 DOlllL
ho mink" Momoho and Walt tally. The Newman forwards were
sohiokI rot-wm-do Jack Kh-hyI ooh- held illmosi scorclcsswcll'awillg their
my, and “N010” powm and “Boo” points from two foul shots by Gold-
Knrp‘lnk. guards. on. ‘49. and Seaman. '49.
————————~—--— The final game of the night was
llcld between Sayles Hall and Stokes
Hall. The outcome was an over-
powering will for Saylcs with a final
score. 28-3. Engdnlll, '48, scored 11

BOWIH‘IS League
. poian for the Partridge Sil‘cci
  squad, followed closely by Mlncll.

‘50, throwing an oven 10 points. The
Bowling went on in lhC WAA stokes Hull team made up mainly
lcnguc even though the Christmas I01 “'L‘Shllli‘ll- “lid ll llill‘il illlll‘ Dull~
holiday intervened. Duly and Pill'- “1R QOSL‘UI‘L'I' bl” Succcodl‘d ‘0 mil-V
is. CO_(IIH)hIih$ 01. howhhh' have 15_ 3 pomis ill the lost half with Dil-
Suvd “HI who“,ng 1.0mm: bvrl. '50. bl‘Cilklllg the deadlock.
Dcc. l7—Psl Gum ovcl: BZ. The chncsdnv night playoffs
V Suylcs ovm‘ Plcl'Ci'. showed a vnsi ‘ linprovclllcnt us
Enligli‘scorcrs: I Picrcc Rilrcs nch Stokes in ll lml'd
isi (nun—Anderson ------------  1“ fought gums. The contest. rcsuliod
BA~Mcrriit ‘ ............... .. 140 in ii 13-9 will for the Rni'cs. Oncu
bill'li‘S-gviillllClllllv  14? ilgiiln Davidson, ‘47. was high scor-
Plf‘l'(tl'——Filll'Cllllil . ------------------- l- “’4 or with ll points to lli‘l‘ cl'cdil, and
Doc. iii—Pill Dell (H‘i‘l' KD- L‘Xf‘l‘llf‘llt gu.ll‘dwol'k was done by
Wl'i‘ndli'i‘i‘ Flll'l'i‘lll Hunkcl, 50. and Tot-mun. '50. ill
AEPlil-Gillli Kllllwilm‘ their efforts to l'cpi't‘ss l.ll(‘ Stokes
gum"- l‘lil'lil forwards. High scorcr for the West.—
Ihllllglithiiilll'i*'lI"b‘i:m(n u") crn A\'(‘ll1l(‘ team was Dubcl'l, ‘50.
\ . i _I . l... -\ -' I 'l - ‘ ~ ‘ -
Kliyrsmuhwmk . 148 (.liilllllg, Llli hoops 101 7 paints.
Wl‘I'll~~l’(‘ll‘l'S()ll  . .. . 130

F‘lll'l‘i‘llr Boynioll . 153

AEPlll Si'lnvi‘floi‘li 153 H. F, Honikel & Son
li'l
) Pharmacists

Gum Kuproi'lh
Juli. 7~~Picrcc ovcr Psi Gum.
ESTABLISHED IBOB PHONE A IOBG
157 CENTRAL AVE.

13% i'ol'l‘cii lo Ful'l'i‘ll.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

I’llgh si-ol'cl's:
Pl(‘l‘('l‘~—Mil5()ll
Psi Clillli»~-1‘.)uly

 

 

 

BOULEVARD OAFETERIA

PHONE 5-1013
“MEET ANI) EA’I‘ AT THE BOUL”

IQB 200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY. N. Y.

 

Spark Team To Win

game Oil ice early in the third quar-

Tom O’Brien and “Bolo” Marsland
against towering George Weber
failed to keep the 6'4" Siena center
from getting the rebounds and
therein lies the story of the game.
A jam-packed State gallery was
not disappointed as “Cy” Fersh and
Ken George provided State’s scor-
ing punch and kept the Indians
pushing to tile end. George tossed
ill five field goals and two fouls
while Fersh chipped in with three
field goals and five foul points.
The scores:
SIENA
FG FP TP
0 4
1 5
3 1'7
2 12
0 4
0 ii
1
2
0
2

Northrup ........................ ..
Lange

Fabozzi

r Weber ..... ..

Kartncr

Kemp

O'Brien

Connolly

Billetti

Gallagher

'7
4
2
4

HHHWQMCI‘QNM

 

Totals ..................... , . 31
STATE

|

73

,_i
,_.

TP

’21
Lnl'd

Fersll

Cy Fersll, Ken George

Paced by Tony Fobozzi and Hal give winter sports credit for shovel-
KempI the stem Indians turned ing snow based on the number of Carnival to be held February 7 and
back a stubborn state five (73432). square feet cleaned (of course, it 8 were announnced Wednesday by
State held its own in the first half lnlght be hard to find square feet Patricia Tilden, ’48, General Chair-
but after the intermission the Slew, to use for a standard). man. Highlight of the event will
machine began to roll and put the we I“ Reine

priests ‘ I

 .  A A Pill" ,
1 Winter Carnival-'
By PAULA TICHY ’ '
“Walking In a Winter Wonder- K' T R '
land" (In Albany), or “Be Floats   
hur the Air with the Greatest of . ‘
Formal Dance Climexcs

T

Ease”l! Wonderland is right, you

wonder just how long you’ll be able wondﬂland wcckcnd
Committees for the WAA Winter

 

 

 

 

to stay on your feet. WAA should

’ be the crowning of “King Winter”
While we re on the subject of at the formal dance, Saturday eve-

teh Brhhaht defensive may by winter just a few words about ning.

WAA’s Winter Carnival. Excellent Friday Events
idea and it should turn out to be The events planned for the week-
one of the best affairs of the year end will include a sleigh ride, in-
but why_ can’t we have a queen. formal dance and a winter sports
Granted it’s novel to choose a “King program, all to be climaxed by Sat-
of Winter" but so far as we can See urday evening’s ball. Muriel Owens,
he’s going to be pretty lonesome ’49, has been placed in charge of
without a companion. The general Friday’s arrangements. With Ruth
consensus of opinion seems to be Matteson, '50, to assist as Sleigh
that something would be definitely Ride chairman. Committee mem-
lackmg without a carnival queen— bers include Anne Sulich, ’49, Aud-
a king without a queen is like 30- rey Hartmann, ’50, and Sue Miller,
gart Without Bacall. No matter '50. The informal dance which will
what the future brings a single or follow the ride is in charge of Ele-
a double throne, the Winter Won- anor Adams, ’50, assisted by Ruth
del'land carnival will be fun for all Smith, Audrey Koch, and Berna-
?nd sgmtething different to look dette Freel, freshmen.
orwal' 0. Skating Vanities
Mgl‘t ﬁelSkctball'I I An unusual program has been
0 0 be llaltlali MAA will now planned for sports enthusiasts on
llllVC fl few lines devoted tOI ill—NO- Saturday afternoon. Figure skat—
no,‘ nothing about the financial reso- mg and races will he held oh Wash-
lutlon! As things stand now the jhgtoh Lake as well as skilhghh
Fl‘ﬂt league is lli‘OdUClllg‘ better Washington Park. Prizes will be
basketball than the Departmental awarded for Show ﬁgurines con-
league. The competitive spirit is structed on Page Hall field Wilma
higher (please note scars on play- Diohl and pauio Tiohy juniors
L’l'S illld we don't mean moustaches) have been named (30-0]1ghnnen of
and on the whole the Frat players these events and will be assisted by
llﬂVeIllaId more exliel'lenCC~ I Geraldine Callahan, ’47 Virginia
Illfehlorlty Complexes Personlficd Day '47 Margot-ct motto v43 and
Being a little short on stuff (ma- Joahho josth v.th ' '

11 Lerial) for this column as it man
i l
12 be laughingly called, we, insignifi- Formal Climax
0 (mm lime columnists, bowed 10W Co-cliairmen for the formal
0 three times and with reverence in dance are Betty Margot. '47, and
I om. voices asked a few of the .lBaS_ Margaret Seaman, ’49. Other com—
.3 kethah Brutesn what has happened mlttee members include Dorothy
I2 to the team or players that might D‘m“ I and Mary QUimlv JlmlOl'S.
bring a snicker for this column who Will supervise decorations, Edna
0 They did give us info but if we ’Iswe?“ey- ’47, am Beverly Slitlg'
2 printed it. the next ten issues of 49,1nlcharge of tickets and Eleanor
—I’ the NEWS would be life histories. Bin“, 47. Gloria Rand. '48. Juanita
3.. To quote ..0he of the boys," “There-S Evans flllcllw Wilma Whitney, Soph—
5 ii,‘ .' k. r, - . . not much domg now but I could tell omm'es- arlanI Kl'algllv '48. has
“  'q'" ‘ “"m'lfu'g ‘ ‘ you what I used to d0_” Looks as been named chairman of publicity
.A‘blllty to cash in on their foul if no one has taken the ribbing. with Gloria Gilbert. '48, and Kay
tiys gave a stlong Sf. Mlchacls "Cum-v Max-Island took last sehSOh Grant, ‘49, to assist her. Marian
live it 51—39 wm over the Purpli- ____ Hawkins, '49. and Edythe Kelleher.
and Gold 01 State 111. ll game before ‘50, will supervise the coronation.
the Christmas vacation. Cy Fcrsli _
was high lllilll with fourteen points M A A Bulletln --
53$“?th the VelmIom'm's' Tim Icagey In order that the interests of the
flcsllman led State to its second I _
. . . I I II Ibtudcnt body be more fully met.
will in iOlll gumts the following I , . .
I . , , I I , .. the MAA, shmtly before Christmas
ucnlng as State downed Plattsbiug .. .
I r I I vocation, placed Oil its Bulletin
State, 01-43. The Piilplc and Gold I I I . . I. I.
.  . I I II I I Boald sevelal lists of activities to
stavcd oil .1 louitll qtllllLLl lolly to be h ﬂed bI n .l hI t .
down its northern New York rivals. m ‘ng AI 5 In ylgnefxtll mes  m
Fcl'sll flicked in sit-:iccn markers as S1 I' b a lesu .0 1659 Sam"
.. .. .. I ,I I iulcs, MAA has dcc1ded to sponsor
Bolo Millhlilllfl (OllllOCLLd fOl
New“ ll boxing club. a rifle club, and a
' swimming club. Ill addition to the
'“‘ nbovc-nmned clubs, which will be
In the sorority lcnguc. Psi Gilm- open to men only, the MAA and
mo and Kuppil, Dclln played a 15-0 WAA are sponsoring co-ed clubs ill
victory for Psi Gum. The main skiing and tumbling.
sources of strength ill the guard po- Preliminary meetings at 4:30 in
sitions—Diclll. '48. and Sweeney, ’47. Room 101 are as follows:
caused the KB forwards to use Boxing, Monday, January 13.
every trick ill the linulc with Joslill, Tumbling, Tuesday, Jan 14.
'49, coming out. on top with 0 points. Skiing, Wednesday, Jan. 15
Sulicll, ‘49. was high si'ol‘cl‘ for Psi Rifling. Thursday, Jan. 16
Gum. also tallying six points. Swimming. Friday, Jun. 17.

gm“!  Wagengast

“lluy Where the Flowers Grow

George
Marzello
Schick
Kirby
O‘Brien
Marslnnd
Evans
Powell
Kal'pink

lCOOOwCOOM

._.
O

Totals

 

MAA Slt. REP. ELECTION
Ashwortli,  1700 1900
Koblcnz, A. .. 1800 2100 3200
Poll], R. ........ .. 600

Ten Eyck. R... 1800 1900 2500

3050

 

 

 

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2 BARBERS~NO WAITING
2“) Central Avenue Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

GOOD FOOD

In a Friendly,

litouis'r & GREENHOUSE (’0'“f°"t‘bl°

DIAL ‘l-ll25 OUR ONLY STORE
SPECIAL A’l"l‘li]N'1‘ION to Sororities and Fraternities

Atmosphere

S ‘ g ’ 3
WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

'l‘clcpllonc 4-2290 Est. 1877

//ru<l/(m (/7 ~(/(l(I'/I((Lll

WATCHES find l‘)lAM(’)NDS
of Heller Quality

20 So. PEARL S'J‘REE'I‘ ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

