 
 

 

 

‘—

 

i
l
i
l
i
l
l
l
.

 

 

1' “Money is the root of all evil.”

Most people worry about money only when
they don’t have any. And we’ve got plenty here——

fl cot.   (Evil

 

I'I'A'I'I VCQLLILCI NIWI. FRIDAY. APRIL 2!, 1.47

 

gnawed

 

Syracuse reopened their interna-

i$27,313.40 to quote'nelrt year’s budget. Not very “on” demith last Weakend When

much compared to the sums involved in govern-

two students from Cambridge Uni-
versity arrived on campus on their

ment spending, union negotiations and salaries of .tour of American colleges and um-

movie stars, but still a substantial figure.

versities. The debate caused a good

Breaking it down into more realistic digits, we deal 0‘ were“ With 0"" 400 turn‘

ing out for the event. The topic for

find that above total represents approximately $21 this debate and for the entire 38,“
each from 1,300 students next year. Included in ies was the problems of an Inter-
thls “generous” sum is an appropriation of $5,200 national organization in a World

for a Student Union, representing $4 of each tax

ticket.

If there is any hope of keeping the annual t
at its present level, there must obviously be a cut

dominated by sovereign states. The
Cambridg team completed its sche-
dule Saturday when they met El-
mira College.
Something New

Bowling Green State University

in either one or more items of the budget or in the has initiated a, new course into its

money destined for Student Union. In view of the curriculum.

The newcomer is a

recently released information concerning a state “931mm 5001010357 course 0“ dating,

appropriation for “two dorms with student facili-

and is probably the ifrst of its kind
yielding credit in any college. It

ties” there seems to be little need to continue pour- woum probably be an interesting
mg our money into a fund which is now earmarked course if Practical applications

for furnishing the new building.

were encouraged. Administration

please note.

This does not mean that the Student Union fund Proud Mamas

should be discontinued altogether, for the furnish-
ings we want will run into a lot of money. But we

Shortly before vacation students
at Plattsburg State Teachers Col-
lege were very much interested in

can easily cut down the figure without short-chang— an auqmportam event which had

ing ourselves in the end.

occurred in the Home Ec. depart-

With Student Union funds cut down, the budget men‘t- It was the seven'month birth-

balances nicely. So nicely, in fact, that Student

day of Carol Ann, daughter of the
Home Management House and she

Assoc1atlon seems. willing to let it go by with little celebrated 11-, by cutting her first
regard for dispos1tlon of the money. A glance at tooth much to the pride of her
last week’s NEWS show that most organizations "seven m°thers"'

have incomplete breakdowns of expenditures, let-
ting one general phrase cover a multitude of items.

Every student has to shell out in September and
has a right to know where his money is going, but
he’d have a hard time finding out with the inform-
ation at his disposal. Last week’s assembly showed
this clearly when representatives of various organ-
izations found it necessary to explain in greater
detail the use of Student Association money.

A lot of unnecessary and time-consuming bicker-
ing would be eliminated if such information could
be published in advance of discussion. In most cases
there was no argument about an appropriation
once the facts were made known, but the whole
situation could have been avoided completely by

more careful planning.

We believe that all groups, and especially those
which receive large sums, should submit a more
detailed budget in the first place instead of wast-
ing assembly time with unnecessary explanations.
Each year the budget gets al ittle larger, but
breakdowns of appropriations and other neces-
sary explanations have not increased in propor-

tion.

The same thing happens every year, and the
need for a change is becoming more acute. If things
continue at the present rate we’ll still be arguing
about the budget in June. It may be too late for
any revisions this year, but the three upper classes
in ’47-’48 should take note and work out a more

efficient system.

 

 

Vol. XXXI Apl'll 25, 1947

Member
Associated Collogilllc l‘rcss

llt lI-iI-NI'I.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

Collcgluta Digest
The uIldl-rgrudulllo llcwapllpcr ol‘ lilo New York Stnto Col-
logo for 'l‘cucllcrs: published (Ivory Friday of llle college
your by the NEWS llollrd for lilo Student Association.
I’lloncs: 'l‘cslllur, 3-0533; llllsock, 8-1811
2-0120, lx’ullz, $0287; Skolsky, 4-1007. Members of tllo news
staff only he rl-ucllod ’l‘ur-u.. llllll Wed. from 7 lo 11:.‘l0 Elli.

: I’cllllol', Dunhly.

 

The News Board

MARY F. TESBIER - . .
BERNARD M. SKOLBKY
BENJAMIN REED
LORNA KUNZ

GLORIA BRECLIN .
VIRGINIA DAY
MARTHA DUNLAY

. ARGERY FENDER
CAROL CLARK

ANN MAY .

ELLEN ROCHFORD

MANAGING IDITOR
BUBINIII MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGIR
CO~CIRCULATION MANAGER

ADVERTIIING MANAOIR
ADVIRTIIING MANAGIR
AIIOCIATI IDITOR
AIIOCIATI IDITOR
ABBOCIATE EDITOR

In Memoriam

President J. P. Weinette of the
University of New Mexico recently
proposed that the government set

ny moronic HABLAND

up $275,000 college scholarships for
young people, each in the memory
of an American who lost his life
in the war. These would be living
memorials to our war dead since
each Would bear the owe of a
member of our armed forces who
made the supreme sacrifice. Dr.
Weinette feels that this would be
a fitting way to perpetuate their
memories and at the same time aid
American youth. The scholarships
would cover tuition, books, and fees
as well as a monthly living allow-
ance similar to the plan under which
veterans are now attending college.
The greatest benefit would be for
young people who had no oppor-
tunity to serve during the war and
would give many an opportunity to
attend college.

Sailing, Sailing . . .

A series of sailing races are being
held at Middlebury College this
week end if another blizzard does
not cause a change of plans. Ten
other colleges will send representa-
tives to the event. Middlebury will
supply the boats and the crews will
represent Champlain College, St.
Lawrence, the University of Ver-
mont, Norwich, U., Bennington Col-
lege, R.P.I., Union, Russel Sage,
Skidmore, and Green Mountain Jun-
ior College. One of the contests
will consist of all all-girl race.
Gleanings from RPI

“Statistics show that Yale grad—
uates have 1.3 children while Vassar
grads have 1.7. Which merely goes
to show that women have more
children than men.”

 

We 7/... new... ..

By INESON and WINGATE

Democracy—tho right to note for
the Dodgers; to cheer for the good
old American hot dog; to sink your
teeth into one of those home-made
candidates; to boo your mother.
Democracy—«i pulsing vital force,
throbbing through the streets. 00-
casionalll, it stop throbbing long
enough for a practised eye to see
it as it really is—a pulsing vital
force throbbing through the streets.

“More beer, Edie.”

“Six?”

“Seven.”

“Now let’s see. Who’s running for
Field Marshal of the Senior Class?"
it:Fleld Marshal? Never heard of

“You know, cleaning up the cam-
pus ond stuff. You get a key with
it, anyway, so it’s a good job."

“Somebody’s putting up ’Lucky
Strike’ Greene."

"You mean the vet?"

“Yeah, but listen—he can’t make
it. Paul Maul is runnillg too, and
they’re both from Plotter Club."

“What about Fatima Regent?
She’s got the Fierce and Polls Hall
vote.”

"Shut up a minute. I got it. If
we run Virginia Rounds, she's sure
to pull in the K1 Sag vote—we’ll
have It cornered."

“Good kid. lotsa pcp. lotsa drive.
But who's gonna write her speech?"

“We'll use the same one we used
lost year. Now how about Repre-
sentative to Men’s Athletic Sup-
porters?”

“J. Herringbone Tweed said he
was running.”

“Glen Plaid had a good chance.
but llc wrecked lt——lle bad it plat-
form.”

“A platform? If there‘s anything
I can’t stand, it's ll guy who wants
on office to do something. It ain’t
enough you got a bracelet—you got
to do something!"

"Lot's run Scrgc Gabardine."

“Ho studios."

"Well. that let's llllll out."

“I got it! Cord O'Royl”

"Who's ho?”

“Plays La Crosse."

“We ain't got a La Crossc icnml”

“I know, I knowll We got llllll an
office and we got. us ll Ln Crossc
tcum. Shut up and drink your hour.

"We still didn’t get us a cundldulc
for Illtcl‘-Colillcll Council."

"I know. I'm still working on Ebcr-
llllrdt Wurtzcnburg. He’d run, only

 

All collllllullloullouu should be addressed to the editor and
‘ I Nallloa will be withheld upon ru ueel.
'lhc Bl‘A'i‘Ill (‘OLLIflfllf NEWS assumes no rcuponullllliy
for opinions expressed In its colulnnu or communication Wok Chm“ Llederkmm'z' Ever 51"“

one do not necessarily reflect Ila View.

uluat bu signed.

on web exproua

llc sprulllcd his right hand and

cull't slulko bonds with anybody.”
“How ubout Allcll Roqucfort?"
"I‘ic stinks. Besides I promised I’d

I smashed up his mother's cul' . .
“0. K., how do we get illnl in?”

 

‘02

“A cincllm—he got all A lll Hygiene.
We'll type his notes over and pass
’em out to the freshmen.”

 

“We’ll work on it. The Editor of
the Praytogod office needs a good
man this year. I didn't think so
much of having last year’s issue
put out in Latin. I couldn’t read
the damn thing.”

“Was it Latin? I though it was
German.”

“Shut up and drink your beer. I
I think Gloria Inexcelsis deserves
the job. I can’t think of any other
way of getting to the Fierce Hall
Formal."

t “Moonycan La Pillule lives there
00.”

“She doesn't have a car.”

“Oil, 0. K., Gloria's ill.”

“The real problem is somebody for
the Budget Checker Board."

‘We need somebody with brains
ill his head for that job."

“Riglcy Ciliclet"

“I said brains, not glue!"

“Dan Teen?"

“Year, he‘s always sticking around
the Commons. Everybody knows
him."

"I don’t like him. He’s bound to
gum up the works. T. Berry gets it
as fur as I'm concerned."

“He don’t know nothing about
money."

“Who wants he should know
something first thing you know he
starts to think for ilinlsclfll Shut
up and drink your beer."

“OK, so why don't you run?"

"Why I should run? I got troubles
enough running this school as it is."

"You know what that dirty rot
Ward Roebuck did? He stole port
of the platform we had for Mont-
gomery Scars."

"Which part? The part about llnv—
ing,r United Traction Tokens ucccpt-
ed as legal tender? The bunli"

"No, the good purl. Lilo idea to
permit studying lll lllc Library.

"The dirty dog!"

‘I got it! We'll bcul llllll at his
own game. Wllul. llllppclls wllcn poo-
pic study lll lllc library?”

“'I‘llcy puss."

“No. Shut up illl(l drink your beer.
'I‘llcy win their cycs, that's what!
Do we wont i-llc wllolc school should
be lllyoplc?”

HN‘LII

"You're u gonlus!"

‘Wllllt u plllll‘orllll”

l "'l‘ilr-rc's only one thing bolllcr—
lllg Inc now. We uol. (lodl‘rcy Hull-
blll up ll posllloll lll illl‘ English Dc—
purlnlvlll. ls lllcrc such an office?"

"Sure, sonic guy llllllli.‘(l Sculcs
Muckl'clwulllc llus lllc job now. Bill
he don’t. gcl ul'ouud much.

"i llcvcr llcllrd of lllt‘ lob.”

"Shut up lllld drink your beer.
It’s probably only it minor office.
Now here's what I got figured. . ."

Dammit, tllcro's llllll throbbing
ll-gnln.

Gunman-Stake i

The Common-Slater Is given the widest latitude (is
author of this column, although his viewpoints do not
necessarily reflect those of the State College News

 

 

Our fan mail last week included the following lcl.
ter, unsigned. Keeping with the policy of this column
to present students’ problems to the reading public
we went to work.

Could you put your eagle eye and bloodhound now.
to work for some .poor broke students and find on:
why we have to pay $1.50 for our Pod this year__;',
times the cost of previous years—especially after w
handed them $1,000 of the surplus last semester?

Thanks!

We checked with the management of the Perl ulni
procured the following statistics.

1947 1946
$2.400-00 $2,000.00

Appropriation 
1,000.00

Surplus 
Printing cost .. 7,055.34 4,094.79
Photography cost  .. 439.50 786.25
Advertising ......................... .. .. 326.50 258.00

 

  
 
  
  
 

Page space (income) 1,930.00 ?
Picture collection  286.00 ?

Sale ............................... .. 1,500.00 500.00 (Al
Misc. (income) . 50 00

 

This figures to $7,49
for this year’s Perl.
0n the Fed Situation

But let’s slack off the high-powered figures in.
a moment. It is to be noted that the cost of pl‘lllilll‘.
the Fed jumped from $4,000 last year to $7,000 in:
year. In the analysis given us, it was shown l'lli.‘
last year’s book cost $5 to be published, While ilz.‘
year’s cost $7.50, but with added income this year, it”.
individual copy, while costing $2.50 lnore to product
cost the student only $2.00 more to get than ltlnl
year. (Better read that once again, slowly.)

Several factors account for the increased cost .ll
production: (1) rising cost of labor and malorln.
(that's always a good one), (2) all additional 21w
copies being published, (3) increased size of tho l’cd
due to the number of Seniors, (4) increased cost us
covers.

The Perl staff, however, reports that several Lllllll:
have been done to reduce the overall cost. Olll‘ l.-
tllat 10 Seniors will appear on each page, instead ol l.
as previously, publication is being done by the ofl‘w
process which is cheaper, and the colored end-li-uw
have been eliminated.

That, ill brief is the story. The Pod situation .’
fast approaching the point (and cost) wherein in:
student body must decide whether or not the PM
is worth the price which it costs. If the same llllll‘
takes place next year (additional appropriations, ill~
creased cost to the individual, etc.l, it is very prob-
able that the student body will vote either to ﬂl)(lll.\ll
the Perl, or substitute something else for it.

Ill ll =Il

It Might Be You

As you read this, look around you. Are there oilill‘
people? If you’re in assembly, there are at least l-iull
persons in your row. The odds are that one person
ill that eight, IT MIGHT BE YOU, will die of (full
cer.

The whole nation is behind the drive for funds In
combat the disease, from the classy million-burl;
business of horse racing to containers in cigar sloro

Student Council is sponsoring a drive which (ll“‘
crves every student’s support. In Assembly next ww-l.
each person will be asked to contribute two bits, Al
though the sum received from State, about l.lll’lr
hundred bucks, won't be among the largest comrlbu
tions that the drive has obtained, it will dcmonslrllr
that we're not walled up here and oblivious to lll<
needs of the nation.

Then, while ill the giving mood, how about. l)l'lll!‘
ing some of those clothes that don't fit any llllll'i
or won't match anything you have. or was clvcll '1
you as a present and are “just too hideous to bl- sow
ill . There’s a box in lower Draper to receive slllll.
isltlhdnfmmo pretty sad folks ill Nynlegcn who need (Ill.

On Monday, Student Council wil be selling "\\'(l(l(l|
sllocs". the price of which will be a contribution v
your own choosing. Proceeds to Nymcgull.

A lot of familiar faces were soon at Riuolcllo ll.
Tuesday llilc. Some went for the novelty. some io l"
cultured-up. From our iiloxpcrlcnccd point of vlm.
we thought lilo costumes brilliant, tllc sccncry l-xwi
lcnt, and the singing superb. We cspccinlly clljol"
lilo lust two acts. after obtaining a lrunslulloll of "
tiling. rFlml. repetition loads to fllllllllorlly \vlls pr n.
pl tllut the popular La Donna E Mobile is slow '
limos ill the last act.

it a it
What About the Union ll‘und
‘ l‘llc situation created when Brubucllcr LOlillL'l‘ r
Sllylcs llull wus closcd to student groups, ufll-l' bl-ll.
partly furnished by student contributions, with llu
promise that it would be available in lllt'lll, wlll l.
doubt how some bearing on the pending Sludn-ll

“Facilities” deal. The financing of ii, disposition w

lLIJlI!‘ funds now cur—nulrkcd for building u Sllulm

lllfll'l building, il-l'lfl purchase of equipment, rcmllill
ullcllluln. We are lold tl’lul. some $27,000 is 11”“ '
llll‘ fund. A rcvlcw of lllc lllllllS shows llllil lll«I
lsllf too much to be furnished. ’I‘llc slulc is l'Xlli'i‘ll"
lo (.onlu through with (he bulk of colllpmclll. and II:
alblovcl sum will llllglllolll that.

l, s possible lllut lllf‘ llsscssnu ‘

W ‘ U . .. .. ‘llL will bc lvduu
llilllll $4 to  thus reducing the stlldclll lllx bl’ ("1"

ll vlrw of tho fuel. that such u lllrgu Hlllll is H“
l‘l‘Villlill‘ﬂl', llllli. it will bu scvcrul years until llllli‘ lH
“Unglllllnlclll (lllrflllilil, it seems plausible that lilo l'l’illll

s o ( lo lnorc lllllll Hull. 2 *r " ii“
lot. of furniture. 7 b mm m“ J A
This whole ‘l‘lillilllllll slill r ' ‘

u - ‘ l . I cmullls vcl'y cloule \\'
“WIN. that the Student Union Board will come illl'fiill"
w  urolurlfylng slutclncnl. in the near futurc.

s for the budget hearing last week, it rcuks. 'l‘lml
illugllignlillﬁiillnﬂd lbe1 instituted during ll budget (ll:~
..:. .- on my ll kccllnr ill 1 " ‘ '1
oiplcs. But then . I I, w . dummmh l“ h

d c

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

Myskania Lists A  I 

Nomination Rules
From Constitution

Myskania has requested that the
State College News reprint the
following section from its constitu-
tion in order to clarify misunder-
standings that haVe arisen in re-
gard to the list of nominees for next
year’s organization.

Section B: Myskania shall select
the nominees on the recommended
and suggested lists in the following
manner:

1. A list of all Juniors shall be
secured from the registrar.

2. Activity sheets filled out by the
students each year shall be secured
if possible.

Divide Lists

3. These sheets will be divided in-
to four tentative groups:

a. Those who seem worthy of ab—
solute recommendation.

b. Those who seem worthy of
suggestion.

c. Those who seem to have possi-
bilities for either list.

(1. Those not worthy of further
consideration.

4. Each member of Myskania shall
be assigned a certain number of
those on the first three lists, to in-
vestigate thoroughly alld rate tell-
tatively according to the following
point system and using all possible
sources:

a. Leadership involving coopera-
tiveness, initiative, reliability, effi-
ciency, and good judgment.

20 points.

b. College spirit; concern with
college needs. 10 points.

0. Scholastic ability. 10 points.

d. Amount of real work done.

30 points.
Basis of 70 points.
Review Juniors

5. Each member shall review his
Juniors, followed by open discussion
and a permanent scoring to be
agreed upon by a 2/3 vote of the
members.

6. The recommended list shall
contain not more than ten names
selected from the Juniors with the
highest scores by ll vote of all the
members of Myskanizl, with not
more than one dissenting vote.

7. The suggested list Shall contain
not less than four names selected
from the Juniors with the next
highest scores by a 2/3 vote.

8. Individual members of Mys-
kallia may, as members of Student
Association, suggest other names to
appear on the suggested list.

 

Four Added To Dean's List

Milton G. Nelson, Dean of the
College, has announced that five
ll‘dlllL‘S have been added to the
Dean's list for last semester. These
include: Hclcll Callfullo, Jean Hoff-
mlln, Mario Holz, Sophomores, and
Dolores Horncy, ’50.

 

slate wm as.“

 

 

STAT! COLL-IO! 'NIWI. FRIDAY, APRIL 25. 1947

 

PAC! 3

 

60W“

 

To the Editor:

One day last week, several mem-
bers of the Junior class had the
now doubtful honor of being nomin-
ated as potential members of Mys-
kania for the year 1947-'48. The list
was criticized little, in my opinion.

Since a week ago last Tuesday,
however, the list of nominees has
grown to such a proportion that it
has beconle a farce. I am puzzled.
Just what are the requirements for
a Myskania member? (I know, I
know, but someone else ought to
read the Myskailia constitution,
too.)

What does the length of this list
mean? Does it signify that stu-
dents of State College are unable
to govern themselves democratic-
ally? When we have powor in our
hands should it be abused tllusly?
Myskania is the judicial branch of
our government and therefore those
on it should be those most highly
qualified. Their qualifications should
be determined by their activities
during the last three years. It’s a
little discouraging when students of
supposedly high intelligence think
so little of their judiciary as to
nominate people who obviously are
not even qualified or interested.

Admittedly, there are irresponsi-
ble elements ill the student body.
This is evidenced practically every
Friday by the veterans sitting in
the balcony during Assembly.

But, I myself, and I am sure sev-
eral others thing it's high time the
student body got a good kick in the
pants. That or—lllakc Myskania a
self-perpetuating body again.

Disgusted.

 

To the Editor:

Several questions concerning the
1947 Pedagoﬂuc have been brought
to my attention during the past few
weeks. I should like to take this
opportunity to unswor these ques-
tions and at the same time to clear
up a few lllisunderstandings.

The fact that we are charging
$1.50 for this year has apparently
caused considerable comment. In
November, Jeanne Cavanaugh,
Business Manager of the Pcdagoguc
requested of the Student Associa-
tion a $1,000 appropriation from the
surplus. The reasons for the nec-
essity of this were presented to the
Student Body at this time. How-
ever, in view of the recent barrage
against the Pcddgognc, I feel that
they should be repeated. The rea-
sons llrc as follows: (1) increased
cost of printing alld engraving due
to the rising cost of labor and mu-
iel'inls, (2) additional number of
pages on the yearbook because of
larger Senior class and additional
organizations and societies.

This your our budget exceeded the
budget of last year by approximately
$2,500 ill spite of the fact that we
are using ll different type of paper
lllld a new more reasonable print-
ing process.

In addition, we eliminated pic-

'Clofhing Drive

For Nymegen With Tog Day

’l‘llc drive for Nymcgcll, sponsor-
cd by the city of Albany, will end
this week illilll‘ lllll'll'l‘ll days of
campaigning for food and clothing,
according to Clllllcrillc Donllclly,
‘-lil, Cllllll‘lllllll of this drive at Slutc
Collcgc. Silllc's contribution Will
conclude with il lug (lily next week.

The adoption of Nylllcgoll was
first suggcchrl by lllclnbcrs of the
l‘ilglliy-Sl‘itulld Airborne Division
wllo rclurncd home with reports of
lllc ll‘li‘llfllllli‘SS lllld courage of this
town ill tllc Nolllcrlllllds. after they
lllld bccn bolllbcd by American
plullcs. The village is still practic-
llllv lcvch-(l, llrcording to reports
from the town, with living condi-
lions lll u (it‘lllul'llblt) stlch.

Nylllcgcll, itself, is ll flllrly lllrgc
town, with u university locutcd .0ll
lilo oulskil'ls. Students llliclldlllg
lllc lllllvcrsily are studying under
conditions llul'dly conducive to coll~
('(‘llLl‘llllUlL Most of them illch blll.
one suit of clolllcs lllld ll minimum
of food. Without. textbooks, the
professors llith‘ reverted to the
classic lcclurc for instruction. No
moons of tl'ullslmrllltlon to the col-
lege is available and the students
have to walk the few miles. Wilcll
asked what they needed, the towns-
people asked for a bus bclorc filly-i
thing else, so that the students
might get to the university.

 

Mr. Forrest Willis, 11 illclllbcr of
the commission from Albany, sent
lo lllc Dutch town to investigate
conditions, lllls given a report on
living conditions them. According
to Mr. Willis. ill one six—room un~
(ll-rground l‘lut, ninety—lwo families
wl'oul‘ llulldrcd fifty—two 13001)ch
\Vi‘l‘l‘ living. The llcllllll conditions
wcl'c unusually bud. and tho mut—
lrcsscs unfit for llllilllllls. Most of
Llll‘ pi-oplc lluvc only the l)lll'i‘ osscn-
Halls of clothing and not cllougll
food.

A ship from Holland is being sent
lo the Unit-ad Stutcs lo collect lllo
supplies contributed. According to
Miss Dolmclly, this is the first. of
lll(' drives by American cities to
adopt ruvugcd towns ill Europc.
People living lll Albllny muy lcllvc
lllt‘ll‘ collll'iblulolls lll. any fire stu-
llllll, or ill. the city llllll.

ltrqucsl/cd uriiclcs for tho pcoplc
of Nylllcgcll lllcllulc undcrwvllr,
socks, slockillgs, ruin clothes, good
work clolllcs, shirts, llprons und
illlll‘l' gllrlllcnls; sllrcls, pillow cases,
blullkcts, soup. writing pllpcr, knivrs.
kllilllnp llocdlcs. sowing nlutcrluls,
lllld curlllins, kilcllcll ulcllslls und
pol-tiers; llllpcrlsllllblc foods, puckcd
lll lill culls, bicycles, tires, work-
lllcll‘s tools, gurugc tools, drafting
sets, and sewing machines.

tures on the end leaves and put ten'

Senior pictures on a page instead
of the usual six or eight. These
economy measures decreased the
budget by over $2,000.

The cost per yearbook this year
is approximately $2.50 more than
that of last year. This dollar plus
the one dollar per yearbook, which
we receive from the Student Asso-
ciation, appropriation from the
surplus covers only $2.00 of this
$2.50 difference. The remainder of
this difference was literally “scrap-
ed fftogether” by the Pedagogue
sta .

In November, Miss Cavanaugll
also stated that the cost of the
Pedagogue this year would be in
the vicinity of one dollar. Due to
unforseen complications, the cost
of the photography in the yearbook
was more than we estimated. Our
printing and engraving firm de-
mands pictures which will repro-
duce well enough so that they will
be a credit to the yearbook. In or-
dcr to meet these requirements and
ill order to have the yearbook here
on time, these expenses were un-
avoidable.

The 1947 Pcdagoguc staff regrets
that we could not give you the
yearbook this year at a lower price.
However, if the contents of this
letter are given due consideration,
I feel certain that the reasons I
have given justify the increased
cost.

Joan Elting, Editor,
1947 Pcdagogue.

To the Editor:

Men’s Athletic Association will
hold all open budget hearing Mon-
day in Room 101, Draper, at 4:00
P. M.

The purpose of this meeting is to
give any interested student all op-
portunity to discuss any item of
the MAA budget with the members
of Executive Council. Each major
item as shown ill the State College
News last week will be broken down
upon request.

Jolm Dooley.
To the Editor:

During the past week, owing to
the week-end snow, the weather has
been exceedingly cold, making pas—
sage through the outdoor pe‘lstyle
from Draper to Hawlcy exceedingly
unpleasant for a student who is not
wearing outdoor clothing. Natural-
ly. a student who has a free hour
or half-hour to spend ill the library
doesn‘t wish to get his or her coat,
yet the chilling effect of that walk
lllnk-es one hesitate—and decide ill
the end to throw up the whole thing.
Particularly when the underground
door is locked, rather than going
around and back through the chilly
poristylc, he will turn into the
Commons which is conveniently
llcur—and warm.

I fail to see any reason why the
underground passageway should not
be left open, at least until we have

" summer weather again. Can't some-

thing be done?
Frozen li‘rcsllnuul.

 

Publish New Style Recipes
To Please Daring Readers

Since the Nuws is always
anxious to plcllsc. it publishes
the following rccipo for those
who requested it ill last week‘s
poll:

FUT NUDGE

2 bulllcspoons of Tlliblcr

2 cups sllllllulutcd grugur

3 clippers quurt cl‘ill tllcnlc or
bopp of lllc lottlc
chairs of squurkolct
cup sol-ll kccrup
pop of krill-(l shuts
villlc lllllillo

Shook the humor, nlawkolct,
cllllk, llll(l Horn kccrup until the
llluwkolct cllclls.

Stoll willlout burring to 230
dcllcczc ol grout. Drop ll little
of NW mot lllxlurc into n wot of
cold supper. If litllu bolt suwls
form ill the cullum of the bopp,
illi‘ dudgc is full. Remove iron
from illl,‘ pcul. llll(l bud tllc utlvcr.
Spool. with ll boon until gick illl(i
llloocy. Nop ill the drills. find
the llil'orlllg, pour into n battered
pull and sqlnlrk ill nmirs.

You only mursll il(l-lllilll(l\\’5 if
you llllVi‘ a particularly lccl
sooth.

Scrch il gruzzcn (loan-ups or
two bcall-ngcd toys.

l—n—I“:

 

 

 

Chemistry Dept.
Buys Water Still

The chemistry department re-
cently purchased a new water still,
which has been installed in the at-
tic of Huested, and will be put to
use as soon as the pipe fittings ar-
rive. This outfit will replace the
old apparatus which has served
since the building was constructed.

Formerly, the stock-room assist-
ants were obligated to light the gas
flame, regulate it by hand and make
sure there was a continuous supply
of fresh water. After the water
condensed it had to be collected in
large glass bottles and carried to
the various laboratories. Since all
the water used ill chemistry experi-
ments must be distilled, this pro-
cess of heating, cooling and coil-
densillg is continuous.

The new still is run electrically
and turns on and off automatically,
depending on the level of the water
ill the storage tank. Tile water is
supplied to the still by pipes and
heated by all electric current. It
is then condensed and collected in
a fifty-gallon nickel-plated storage
tank. Pipes run from this tank to
the various laboratories, thus clim-
illatillg the necessity of carrying it
by hand.

Dr. Oscar Lanfor-d, Professor of
Chemistry, said, “It is such a lovely
looking machine that it is a pity to
have it hidden way up ill the attic,
where no one can see. it."

i accuh‘g 4001910124

 

 

 

All members of the French De—
partment plan to attend the all-day
inc-cling of the Hudson Valley Chap—
ter of the American Association of
Teachers of French which will be
held tomorrow at the Emma Willard
School ill Troy. Mr. Roy Mosllicr,
Supervisor of Modern Languages
for New York State, and Professor
Vincent Guilloton of Smith College,
Northampton, Moss, and Middle-
bury Languago Schools, Middlebury,
VL. have been invited to be the
guest speakers.

Dr. Charles Andrews, Professor of
Physics, Mr. Francis Harwood, lil-
structor and Supervisor ill Science,
Dr. Carleton Moose, Professor and
Supervisor ill Science, Dr. Oscar
Lanford, Professor of Cllelllistry,
and Glorlu Russo. Graduate, to—
gether with heads of the science dc~
partnlenls of East Grecnbusll, Glens
Falls, and Wutervlict schools arc
working on a tentative physics and
chemistry syllabus for high school
regents rcquil'cnlcllts. This sylla~
bus will be submitted to the State
Board of Regents, together with one
from New York City, both of which
will be inspected by the board.

‘Ir. Ellen C. Stokcs. Dcllll of
Women, ultcndcd ll meeting of the
Deans of Wonlcll of New York State
Tcucllcrs‘ Colic,ch ill Syracuse,
April ill and 10. One of the topics
covered lll illl' lllccllllg‘ was the
problcm of residence halls.

Dr. Oscar Llllll‘ord, Professor of
Chemistry. and Mr. Clayton Holo—
wuy, Instructor lll Cilcllllstry, ut—
lcndcd ll COllll‘l'i‘lll'i' of the Ameri-
('llll Cllcnlir' ll Socicly ill Allulltlc
City. Ncw Jcrscy, Tuesday through
’l‘llllrsduy. April l:'l—l7.

Dr. J. Allllll Iiicks, Professor of
Guldullcc, utlrndcd lllc county-
widc Curccr Dlly lll Cooperstown
ycslcrdlly for llll Lilo Juniors and
Sclllol‘s ill the schools of Olscgo
County. Dr. I-Ilcks wcnl llll ll rcp—
l‘csclllullvc of tho lcucllillg profes—
sion lll general. ’l‘llc director of the
Clll'i‘i'l' Duy, Mr. Kcllllclll llolcll-
kiss. taught at State (luring lusl
yrllr‘s summer school session and
pllllls lo l'l'llll‘il this Sillllllll‘l'.

Dr. Neil A. Mchlll, Assislulll. Pro~
l'l-ssol' of Social Studios, has bccll
\‘(lll‘ll ll subslllnlilll grunt—humid by
the Social Studies Iicscllrcll Colm-
('ll lo l‘llill)l(‘ llllll to spend lilo sunl—
nlcr invcsllgllling tllc lllortgllgc ill-
dcbiodllcss of tho formers of (he
(lollcscc Valley in the period before
the Civil War.

Faculty Member
Receives Citation
From Albanians

Dr. Margaret L. Hayes, Assistant
Professor of Education, has received
a citation from the Albany Inter-
Racial Council on her work in im-
proving race relations in the city
during the year 1946-1947. Similar
awards were given to three other
Albany citizens among these being
Mrs. Edward Yarbrough, mother of
John Jennings, ’49, Chairman of
Inter-Group Council.

Dr. Hayes has served for several
years as a member of the Board of
Directors of the Albany Inter-Racial
Council and has been very active in
college work ill inter—group educa-
tion, particularly for the last two
years when the college has been a
participant in a national program.

As chairman of the faculty com~
mittee ill Inter-Group Education at
State College, Miss Hayes has spon-
sored programs of inter-group edu-
vation ill the schools of nearby
communities. Her work ill this line
has included a number of speeches
on race relations at schools,
churches, on the radio, the putting
on of inter-group programs at vari-
ous schools, and working with other
teachers ill setting up programs in
this field.

Dr. Jones Favors
State in Report

(Continued from Page 1, Column 2)
people from State are always wel-
come alld hopes they’ll come to see
llllll.

In fact, to directly quote Dr. Jones
is the best way to describe, the con-
clusion of the interview. “The
greatest privilege I ever had was to
touch ill State College for 13 years.
There is no question that it is the
finest teacher‘s college in America
~bllr nonc. To have shared ill that
distinction ill the most humble way
is something for which I’ln very
grateful."

He gave three reasons to back up
his statement of greatness. Heading
them was our high standard of
scholarship. A degree remains good
wherever you go and it has never
been discounted because the stall-
dards were kept here. Second was
the fact that it is a democratic col-
lege and following that was the
student body and his belief that
lhcy can’t be matched anywhere in
the country. Dr. Jones was on the
Adlllissions Committee and he felt
Illlll by knowing; the students be-
fore and during college. he is ill a
posllloll to have such an opinion.
No our could possibly have shown
lllorc slnccrity and enthusiasm than
Dr. Jolch zls he spoke about State
Colh‘gc and the students.

To Start Drive
For Cancer Fund

(Conllnucd from Page 1, Column 2/

The quota for the national drive
is $12.000.000, 25'} of which will be
used for the support of laboratories
and clinical research. According to
the slullslics now available, only
25'? of the cancer victims are cured
by sul'ccry and radiation, due to
lll(‘ difficullios encountered in clo-
tcclillg lllc disease, One of the
prime aims of the present drive is
to provide for funds for research
for moons of detection.

AL pl'l‘tli‘lll. 1253 cancer clinics are
Hui up, and 11 hospitals specialize
in lllv lrculmcllt of tho discuss. The
11 hospitals have :1 capacity of only
850 beds, llowcvcr. Ill 1200 counties
tllcrc arc no llosplluls whatsoever,
lcuvillg 50,000 l'llllt‘i‘l‘ victims with—
out tl'cullncnl. In view ol lllosc
fuels, Student Council is request-
ing all lllclllbors of the Student As-
.‘~,'0l'lllli(lll lo contribute at least. $.25.

 

Can Sign For Guide Program

Mllrllul l‘l’lll‘l ls llll(l Willlum Bald—
win, .llullors. Co-Clllllrnlcn of Stu-
(li'lll (luldvs. lluvc announced that.
the sllccl for signing up for the
cubic pl'ogrlllll will be left on the
limo of Women's bulletin bourd
during lll‘.‘ lllll()\\’lll',' week. All
those who are interested in the
l!lll(ll.‘ program and have not signed
up should do so next week without
full. as this will be the lust chance
to sign up.

 

 

