 

 

 

  
  
    
      
  

i
\

 

 

‘PAGE 2

'fwcnty Dollars?

The wind seems to be full of insurance plans this
week. The topic is considered important enough
to rate an assembly period so it certainly must be
important enough to warrant our intelligent inter-
est.

The insurance plan to be offered to the student
body today, claims $20 for $500 worth of service.

. The most general comment seems to be, “i can‘t

afford $20,” and even though our more insurance-
minded friends can reply that if we can’t afford a
$20 policy we couldn’t very well afford a $500 sick-
ness, the fact still remains that we have no stray
$20 bill lying around loose in our pockets. To most
State students $20 is a sizeable sum of. money.

Another serious objection to the policy seems
to be the fact that eye examinations and dental
bills are not included in the $500 benefit. Granted
that the insurance company must make some pro-
fit, and the inclusion of these items would raise
the amount spent out to quite a sum, but we must
also consider that these are the items on which
most of us spend money. liven the small amount
which the present infirmary fund advances towards
the price of new glasses is some help.

The new ruling cancelling any compulsory per-
centage participation seems to leave the whole
matter up to the individual. However, those stu-
dents who have no intention of taking out the policy
themselves but are merely voting for it because
Joe up in the front row is casting his vote that
way, should take into consideration that if a ma-
jority of the students express a desire for this plan,
the present infirmary fund will be cancelled. Those
who do not take out the new policy will then be
left unprotected.

Let’s think clearly and intelligently in assembly
today, and make sure we‘re clear on the issue be-
fore we i'ind ourselves voting the wrong way.

Smiles. . . .

Our annual Christmas parties at the Albany
Home for Children seem to have become an all-
year ’round affair. Thanks to Charlie Miller and
his committee, a charter has been drawn up to
organize activities, and thanks to .\iyskania, the
charter now has a name.

SMILES may not be the fanciest name in the
world but the work behind the name can be the
most worthwhile. The committee behind the or—
ganization has hopes for enough recognition from
other colleges to sparkplug tiicni into similar proj—
ccts.

Success to the launchers of thc new t‘iiiil'lct'.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol, XXXii fictobcr ll, lti~|7 No.

, .\icinbi-r
Assoi‘iaimi t'ollcg'iatc i'l‘t‘r-ls

liisli‘lbulor
l‘liiit‘Kiilit' lily-at

’l‘lil Iiiub-rgridualc ilt‘\\':~.]ril|ll'l' ol il|I‘ New York Stain t‘oi-
publlslo-d i-vci'y l‘riduy ot' tln- (Willi-pl
ioard for HIV Sindcui

1111:!“ for 'i'tnil'iii'l‘s;
5.0,”. h) J“. NEWS Assocmtion

 

l'hornw. \i|\ ‘s‘titi. t'mninn .IlIIl ll»-rn|W-i-l Jill), /ini..

1;.'.if,7'..\. li.|li. \it |i.l>i‘l- of llo n» \\- -=..ti fit it In

['r-lclp-d 'l'iit :ttiti \\'I'ti. l’l'tilii T to ii lift i' \i ill Ii Hill?
The News Board

ANN MAY - - - - - - EDi'roniN-cuiize

. . - MANAGING EDITOR

CAROL CLARK

ELLEN HOCHFORD - - - - MANAGING EDITOR

PAULA TICHY - - - - - - oeonra EDITOR
FRANCE? ZlNNl - - - - CIRCULATION MAN/men
RlTA COLEMAN . - v - - ~ ADVERTISING
CHARLOTTE LALLY - » - uuaincae MAN/\(ihlt
ELSIE LANUAU - - - AeuociATz EDi'ron

AﬁBOClATK EDITOR

JEAN PULVER - - - - -
AaaocMTE EDITOR

JEAN SPENCER . . . . .

iiolilil bu tltilil‘ttuncti to tho editor nud

Ali coininanicuiioun ii
us Hlll'ii i-rpi'crnlilriia do not necessarily reflect llri vlcw.

’i‘iiu H'i'A’i'i‘l f‘til.l.i‘lfil-i NEWS assumes no responsibility
in its columns or coiniuuaicaiions

for opinions uxpi'csm-d
request

must be signed. Nllllll‘rt will be withheld upon

 

 

«ewe?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCT. 3. 1947

 

9...!
W

I ' '
Repl‘i:.ted from June, 1947 issue of Esquire Copyright 1947 by Esquire, Inc.

“You never take

ME anywhere! ”

jdial’d flaky/ti

 

And On The Seventh Day He
Rested.
Last urcclr. as t cnicryed from

an 8-day lost iccclccnd. I noticed an
odd charactcr poli'iny about the
Styyian halls of State. Curiosity at
last prcttailed upon ctiqncttc, and
I intrmluced myself to him, care-
fully controlling my hiccups. We
had difficulty carrying on (t con-
nm‘sdtion, because in my periods of
comparative silence, he persisted
in, taking snuff. A sort of sniff-
.s-nift-hicasiiiff-sni/‘f beguine type
of rhythym resulted. To our mu-
tual cdificatiou, however, we did
manage to crchanyc names. His
was Samuel Pepys-o and he yarc
inc pcmission to rcprint some pas-
sages from Ihc poctcct diary in
which he made _ll'(‘((lt(.‘lll cntrics.

Monday rUp betimcs, and bled
myself to the nether regions of
Draper Hall. I found an infinity of
people entering and leaving a cer-
tain room. Exocctiilig wroth to
miss an opportunity to observe so
many of these wondrous students,
and so went in. There 1 found two
young women behind a counter.
arguing vehemently with a stu~
dent. A sort of barter must have
been in progress, for there was
much talk of “signatures”. “ord-
ers”, and “canceliations".'l‘hcyoung
man did at last procure a large
volume of a book. whereupon they
asked him it" he was a “Hi” When
he rcplicd that he was. he was sent
on to iiiio'iici' woman. who was liiih'
iiig down such pertinent iiii‘oiina~
tion lll ii notchooir. 'I'iiis l was sad
to sec. for iiidccd hc scciiicd too

.__ By JEAN INESON _.

 

nice a lad to be discriminated
against.

The horrid noise and confusion
of the place dldst cause my head
to ache. So to home again, where
I sup-pod upon cold beef and pon-
dered what tools we mortals be.

’I‘a'sduy Did naught this day
but. all. in yo Conizrions, at which
place 1 saw much to astound me.
A pair of youths were playing a
kind oi‘lshuttlceock across a long
table divided by a net. Mcthoughf‘.
much cnegy was wasted upon the
hitting of the small ball they used.
It seemed a strong frolic, for they
endeavored not only to hit the ball,
but to hit it in as flamboyant a
manner as possible, with much
grunting and grimacing.

Was much upset to see so many
young girls engaged in card play-
ing. l‘hc game they play has much
the description of whist, It oc-
curred to me that the knowledge of
HIS came must be part of the
prescribed course of study at this
university, for groups of three
players will seek a “fourth” as eag-
erly as any scholar praises his lai-
tin.

lit this point, Mr. I’r'pys snatchcrt
his uotctiootr [ruin my nico/iuc-cn-
crusth _lltlt/('I'N. and dashcd of]
caycrty in pursuit of a flock of
i‘crdant [FUN/l icho tncrc ticiiiy
hrrrtcd to thc Boat by a yroup of
lt‘Oiml‘illy uppcrclassnicn. C'tcrcrly
Irippiny him so that hc lay coni-
r'orlabti/ on thr [lot of his baclr, I
(It tainmt lllllt tony runny/I to l'.i'ltil‘l
ti'oni ltilll his promisr that hr would
soon ayain [it no rcud troni his
conlnicnts.

Atid so to bed.

 

communical‘iand

 

To the l'itiiltll‘:

I'm no insiironcc pxpci't. and iiiakc
no prclcnsc of knowing all llic un—
glcs lli\’(ii\’t‘(i in the proposed deal
to insure the slutty-ms of State (fol-
lcgc against ccrium iiicdicdl t“.—
pcnscs, but, having looked into n
roiiit‘wliiil, would lllic lo illtliit‘ ll
tcw' comincnls.

First of all. inn nnyonc iiiutlc any
ultciiipl lo got any statistics on tlic
llllllll)t'l' ot colti~v..;c studcnis iii pno
years. who ili‘\t' iiccdcd hotpitulinu—
ittili'.’ How many have iiindc applica-
tion for infirmary fluid lit‘llt'liis',‘
Ilow much moncy has been it'll lt‘
surplus in thc infirmary fund cuch
ycur‘.‘ How many studi ms liii\'t' pl'l~
\ah- lii:.lll'ziiit't",’ ln othi-r \\'tilti:~., 1‘.
this pinii i'cnlh nccdcd.‘

l llil\'t' lll't'll unoffici.dIy infoi'nicd
tiiut lil' fr it. iiioiicy ill lln- fil'tlt'l' of
"lliotiszinds" oi dolluin l‘t‘lltl‘lit'ti t'llf’il
ycni' from an iiifti'iiiai'y lllli(i built
by ll thrcc dollar contribution from
cach rillitlt'lil, if flu». in on. why
couldn't a inrnci' fund bc btiilt up
locally, wtili tiici’cuscd bcucfits to
tin- strait-tits, at no uddi ioiiul cost?
l'vc bccn tohl tl ihill lcnui and flint
there might be an cpidcinic. Since
in all trays ll would nu-rtly be an
cnturta-d infirmary fund, it would
be no more illegal tliuii ottr pres—
cut system.

As for the epidemic let. me
come to my main point of
Vit'W. i don't think we shoukibe
frightened into something Wt: don’t
really need by this “You may be.
next" type, of sales talk. Let's look
at the odds in a practical way. With
modern sanitation and city health

dcpui'tiiicii: snpci‘vision, ii is a very
li'llitrll' .t“-llrllll) that any cpidcnnc
would striizc Hliitc (.i_)iit')4(‘ Against
this rcinotc possibility. aic \\'c noinc,
to pay sonn- conunci'cial insurancc
company, not $30, bill over $150
thousand dollar- cach ycni".'

MAA and WAA :ili'cnily hayc u
i'tiitlllitit'lit') lltti(i It) t'oy't‘l' lliiltl‘lcr.
:usiuiiu-d by studcnt pnrticiputioii
in their acliyilics, and as far as
I know, ihcrc hm lil‘\t‘l' liccn :niy
"cpidcniic" of accidents \\illt'il this
fund has laich iicovcr, 'i'illt» cut"

it lhc tutti-uh. ul lilt' liinc that
thc\ aic iiitIJ-l bitch to act hurt
It not yood lili:.l|lt':~.. to pit), for

intui'nocc Ioi‘ ihr- liinc \ou‘i‘i- Ic:i:.t
itkch to rct hiu'l

'tln. iniilI'\ will not ("incl dcntnl
hill» t'\(‘i'|il :lh tln- l'l"llii of fill acci—
tit‘lli. and doc. not t'ti\‘t‘l‘ cyc l"-.lll|l--
llllllltillx, thc two thinns which Illtlhi
of us do .n'ltinily llt't'tl ll (lot-s iioi
iovci' it», ill liit' :-llillllit‘l whcn most

of in. woik for u couplc of months
'l‘i‘tic, we may be covci'cd by work--
iiicn's coinpcnmitton at lliul limc,

but ncycrihclcss, w:- arc paying for
Li months protection and only pct-
Imt; 10.

i must admit l haven't belichd
m Hanta Claus for some finite. and
still don’t. Should We, lilt‘ students
of State College pay some. 20 thou-
sand dollars for the protection of
the new students who will need ma-
jor operations each year? I say iiol
We should provide those students
protection under a plan similar to
the MAA—WAA contingency fund.

(lune Meliaren, ’48

 

Guam-sided

By J. MICHAEL HIPI’ICK

 

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the S'rAri: COLLEGE
News.

IN TODAY’S ASSEMBLY . . .

A very interesting and vital subject will come, up
before this morning's assmbly student body. It is
something about which the majority of the. people
here know very little. I don't know what procedure
is to be followed in this report by the Insurance Com-
mittee. but when dealing with something of this
iiiture it seems that an open question period would
accomplish a lot. Don Lansky, heading up this com-
mittee informed me Tuesday that any and all ques—
tions would be answered in this assembly program,

We took a little spot survey this Week in the
Commons and while the results are not offered as
valid, they do indicate something of the situation in
which students ﬁnd themselves.

24 people were asked to estimate the approximati-
amount of money that. they had spent for hospitaliza—
tion, doctors‘ bills, etc. No dental expenses are in-
cluded in the following statistics, but some [it”ipit‘
included cost of glasses and eye examinations which
the proposed insurance system would not covcl‘.

The average expense per year per individual of those
asked was $49.40. This ranged from seven pcoplc
who had spent nothing to one person whose (‘Xl)(‘ll§('~
were $850.00. Since the plan under CiiStLi“ii()il today
will cover only to the extent of $500.00, this would

make the average expense per year per individual
$34.80.
Cost to the individual for this insurance plan is

$20.00. It. has been reported that, should llic sliidciil
body desirle to adopt this insurance plan, thc old in-
ﬁl‘lll.ll‘_\' fund would go out the window. That, fact-
dently, allows a maximum of $15.00 per school year
at a cost of $3.00. And from previous experience, this
infirmary fund is too inconsistent for the iivci‘ugc
pupil to feel any protection from it.

There are, of course, several important issues to be
decided before approval is given the proposed plan. is
it to be compulsory? t'I‘hi'ce people surveyed had lilt‘ll‘
own individual insurance similar to the one under
discussionu By whom is it to be administered? Will
premiums be paid as a part of the student tax? How
about. veterans?

It has been customary for the Common-Slater to
endeavor to influence his couple of readers one way
or another in regards to such controversial mutter:
Now, however, we urge you only to check into this
insurance program thoroughly, and don't cast your
vote until you know all you want to about it, And
you can find otit a lot in assembly this morning
ON THE lN'l‘llltNA’l‘lONAl. SCENE

We’ve been having Marshall Plans, 'l‘riunan Plans.
in .I just about as many plans as there at“ politicians
for giving, lending, and expending money in ltluropc.
It‘s about time that some of otir talciitcd big star»
make the lilcrai'y headlines with an "()wcd to Aim-r~
icn."

.. t .

Finances are funny. Some say flint liic i-xccss ]ll'-I-
tits tax should not bi- i'ciiistutcd bccaiisc the national
income derived from flint sourcc would ilt‘ litlsi a drop
in the budget.

And l‘t'llll'llliit‘l'. Sova-t spi-llcd salt-ways is VlC'lt)
t .

Another tnllicd with a sugacstion for a radio pio—
tiltllil to be known as U. 5.. The Loan [lanai-r, i‘il~'i'ti
Hiiyci' ntitl (illiti.

A l‘t'lllilitit'l' to thc niitoinobih- (lrivci‘s in uchool '\
lot of lisccnscs cspn'cd on Hcptcinbcr 30 If yours did
lil‘lll'l' gct it rciicwi-d,

'i'-uln_\"s words of wisdom t'llllll' from an old ili.I!lil<
Vlllt'I ".lay \k‘;iil(lli'.‘, lr. iln- cuusc of much of that run-
down tcclu‘n”

'l‘hnt brand new try-linc abovc is at Iln- l'crlllt' ' oi
'-tilllt' of our upstate i'cadirs, How could i ilt'ili it‘.’

(lltt' Inizii stipucslitui :iiui wc'll tilt' loi .Illtiiilt‘l' wccl'.
’l‘hosi- Iliissiun .‘»iltl'.l‘l':~ will put on .i swcll allow
Abranr. any ‘ thcy ui'c Whtic lins—
cnlicd mum-s for :iiit'iltillii'

tll ~o
(il'l loll i1 yiillt'ilti
.lniis en yrilt \\ii|i'l int

College Calendar - — —

 

l'llll)i\\'. Uctobcr Ii. ltll7

:l‘ilti l’hl. Inlci-\'ui.~.il\ (‘hiiutinn l~cllow hip liitl'i‘

mi: in lrooin ilil. iiibtc Himh t‘l.i

Hot-only illicit lion .~-. at t‘hi Hanna ‘l'hc«

in, llctn '/.ct.i. "mi (iilllllllll (lamina Ix'appd

l’lii,

ii 00 l‘ M ix’uppu

(it"i'tllil'lli :t-n

illit'i—thl‘wlly (‘hriulinn ll'i-Iiow hip
t‘ninp i’inn.n]c

H.\'l'l'ltll.\\'. October ll

ti lift i‘t\l ilon (Vt-sack ('iltil'lio, lilt‘dillt'ti by
(‘ouncil, l'uizc Hull

HI'NIDAY. ()cloiwr 5

1:00 l’.i\l lluscs Icavc \'iiii ilt’l'lt't' Hall for :i picnic

at ’l‘lintchci' l'iu‘k

llilici i"l'tllii<ltll'li'l' lionst at ()hav .‘it'iio‘

loin Synagogue, Wushiiiaton Avciinc

'l‘liltlHllAY, October 7

(toinmcrcc Club Meeting, ln'.

'i‘lilllth'liAY. ()ciolicr it

3:30 I'M. ii'til'liili meeting in lounge. A field rcp-
i'csciitutivc of the United Nations, Ml". l'll~
(il‘it'll, will be the speaker.

7:30 PM. vNowinan Club meeting at. Newman Hall.

The speaker will be Father Collins.

SEA. Camp Fire Meeting at Dorm Field

7 no I' M

lnvlla liho HinoILci in (‘oiiiiiioii...

('Iiilll‘l‘t‘lil c at

hill it

deb i’iVi,

(toopi-r will speak.

7 :30 RM.

  

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCT. 3. 1947

    

 

 

 

‘Spou‘d’ Snoop‘

The weather is fine for football
but in New York City this week, the
sports spotlight is turned on base-
ball. At Yankee stadium and at
Ebbets Field the animal World
Series Classic is taking place be-
tween the New York Yankees and
the Brooklyn Dodgers. Realizing
the intense rivalry usually engend-
ered by this clash of titans, we un-
dertook a poll to ﬁnd out if the
feeling had been transmitted to the
students of NYSC'I‘. The question
was: Who will win the series?

’l‘l-IE ANSWERS

Few students had the tenierity to
pick the Dodgers but those who did,
were quite \iolent in their reactions.

Hal ’l‘unkcl. ‘5ti~—The Yanks with

 

Frank Shea will take it. in five
games.
liverson Kinn, 'itl—Thc Yankees

sure in six games over “Bums.”

(‘iii'ol Finch. '5lw’ilie Dodgers
have everything and should win in
six games.

Gone. McLaren. “lit rThe Yankees,
being a “Series Club." wil cop in
five.

Jack Lehr. ‘51—»Thc Yankees for—
ever! They‘ll win four straight!

George Glenday. '5tl»-~Tlie Yanks.
with their sharp outfield, in five.

Eloise Worth, ‘tlxm—The Yankees
will win in five games on all around
ability.

(‘al Zippin, '47 "The Dodgers'
spirit is due to score it the series
goes to seven.

Lin l)i(iarnio, ‘5fL--l-lo\v can the
Yankees i()St".’-~F()lll' straight.

Sy lt‘ersh. '50—The Dodgers. if
Casey is in form. will come through
in six.

Sparky Vaughn, Till—The Yanks'
power at the plate to stop Brooks
in seven.

llarv. Milk. '51”le over-all abih
ity of the Yanks will win in five
games.

'l‘oin liiskcr, ‘ifl — ’l‘hc youthful
Dodgers are tops! Six games to vic—
Lory!

Murie 'l‘iiui'low, '5l 1 know that
the "Bums" ui‘c sill'c-ili'c in six
games. .

(‘iii't l'i'ail', ‘llil The big buts of
the "Clippers" to powdcr "Bums" in

Six.

Vy'nlt chlcl', ‘:'>l ~ 'f‘ln- Dodgers
will "stcal" the Series in seven
games.

Jean Mc('aln-. ‘10 The Dodgers
are due. ’l‘hi-y'll lake the Series in
sevcii.

llill Blusbci‘g. ‘-iti ’l‘hc clock—work
Yanks will cop iii the games.

lion Dickinson. ‘1” What Sci'ics')

li'v. \‘l'axinan. '30 Jacki” Robin-
son will mark the i)ti.i‘,t'l's to win
in ~l.‘-..

Warren ill-rains, 'Sl quil»; fline.»
ti" to foil i)!ti"t‘l':~- in sewn .'itllll'*\

lltisiy Wilscy. '50 The i)!!(illl'l':~ in
:u cn itnliicw "l li‘ltl :i di'cznn.”

John King. ‘30 The Yanks will
inop up tii' l)o.t,n i'.- in four “,tiliic:

tiari Ill-iignnis, ‘lil 'lln- Yiiiilicc~
.Ilt' inth to win in full cries.

Kcii l.ii(lliiin, Til Brooklyn could

not 'otit'n iill' Yank: with if poli'
llointm'». lli -l\;.

'i‘cti Ill‘ossic, ‘.'il 'i'iii- \'.tiii.lc
\\lii club lllt' lirooks in six sonny-u

Mari Wayne, 'itt ’l'hi- Ynni.
couldn't this. but to bc “tic, ii\l'
manic» t-i wn.

.I.incl Whitman, ‘.'=tl ’l'ln- finial-i»
will \\i|t tion 1 i «:n- tr. “1111]”
tour

to tint’i

lion l.l\, 'J"| ‘i‘lic \'.iii.
lltt‘ lino l‘i i'-. “.tltlt‘v
ill‘.

with lolr

ln-pth in tin

llcii Hanliiia, ‘.'»l
\tlal po iii-n. iii.i'.x illiti'l‘i't- top
in .t\.

I'ctc Wilson. '50 '[tn \Utnkcc»
\ttii t'i'lidt iilt’ lititi"ll illif’. it"liiI‘

I'iill‘lt‘t' Klillt', 'Iitl ’I'ln- \hvtc i.iblc
limit. will bc .‘.ll|i“l‘ti in ion:
liltllllo,

_._..,_.....__.———————

OTTO R. ME.th

itll. COLLEGE JLWl.i tin

l03 CENTRAL AVE

 

 

H. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
ESTABLISHED ISO! PHONE 4 IUIG
157 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

K D R Overcomes Angels 19 4 0;

Van Derzee Bows to HuSkies

All Play Features
Ground Attacks

The MAA intramural football
league got underway Wednesday
witn KDR downing the Angels tl9~
0) and Huskies taking VanZee
tl3-7l.

Scoring once in the first. third
ant fourth quarters, KDR over-
p:.w:rcd a stubborn Angel team. A
strong wind forced the teams to
forsake a passing attack and both
switched to ground play soon after
Ihe opening whistle.

Dickinson Starts Scoring

Taking Dutlus‘ kickoff Stone re-
turned the ball to the thirty where
the Angels took over on downs. Aft-
ei' three passes failed Dalton punt-
ed into the end zone. Holiday gained
five yards before Stone stepped off
the first. first down on a reverse.
Two passes failed to click here be-
fore Ei'ophy faded and passed to
Dickinson for the first score.

With Dalton returning Holiday's
long kickoff twenty yards the An-
gels began to move. Dalton hit the
cm! for a gain and passed to Wilson
for eight but KDR intercepted the
next pass and took over on their
forty. The Angels held for downs,
then intercepted a lung KDR pass
as the half ended.

KDR added their second touch-
down soon a:lci' ilzc start of the
second half. Stone broke the back
.. to Angel thrust by intercepting
u Dalton pass, and a D‘ckinson-to-

Stone aerial providtd the second
score. Galvan ended the day's

scoring by :iiaring a pass from Stone
late in the final quarter.
Huskies Nip Vault-c

Strikin; curly and then holding
tlicil' lc.i.l, the Huskies trad off their
grid slate with a 13—7 win over
Vaiich. 'l‘hc lluskics picked tip a
touchdown iii thc first quarter and
added tlicii si'(‘()llil wore in the
f illl'ill quartet, Villtht‘ scorcd llicli‘
TD in the final minutes of play.

".iicl' 1h.- ball had exchanged
hands twice following the kickoff,

Soi‘cnson lnisscti to Dooley for 12
yards. and Vaughn carried the ball
to a first down. 'l‘wo plays later

and Walsh
conversion.

Woolworth \\'t'lll o\'ct‘
caught a pass for thc
Soi'ciisoii Passes to Score

Hccoiiil litiif got under way as
Haiuui'a pickcd up a first down for
VuiiZec. Here the Huskies took over
on their own ixvcnly and i)t':',illi lilt‘li'
final tuichdown march. Hort-nson
tlt.lt .'i ii ilooli'y ltil' ll loi‘iy .\:ll'ti
gain and after illit'l't'citllim a Van-
ch puss. lossctl to (li'illlii ioi' lllt'

.‘~t'.)l't' \'.iii7.cc scoi'i'il :In (Litcr.
illt'i.i'tl up :i hunhlc and w 'lli ovci'
\i:ti r.;in‘I.r.i .ltitiill" tlic c=.ti'.i point.
l'ontbiiii Sciiciiilc: Itlci. ti~l3li
Molt .-\ it. ppi iic'u ts ili\'l",

ll h‘ninhh-i' \» i"tlii~'.‘~
'! c \ ‘\'| "a t. Kilil

ii iit‘tl\:‘l‘:» \s \’;iii'/,cl
WI-ii‘ A I’ollci' \s “Ni?

ii it‘inks \.. .‘\'.hlc'--
'l‘htl.: A :\11‘Li‘i,\ v». l\'l’-

It (it'ill‘v \ l.n~‘ic
fUt'l. lit-‘10)
I\ion' :\ ."ollti .‘\|i", i-

ll ii.lllllllt 1‘» ,\1i i. l
 ‘\ l~'.l)h' \‘ l\'ll

ii ii|i~i.il‘t 'w ill‘.i\ct
Will -\ Sift \ \ lin\'i‘f

ii \'.iiii’.i*l litllllliit‘i‘
'l'liti :\ lx'l)ll ' v l'oili-i

ll i“llli-‘.:~ .~. (it‘lllr,

 

Soccer League
Returns To State

Aft-er several years lapse. soccer
is coming back. The season will
open a week from tomorrow under
lhe ciniirinunship of Nolan Powell.
‘40.

Thus far only three tennis have
entered. Vun Derzee Hall, Potter
Club. and a group composed of
players from the list on the. MAA
board. There is room for a lot
more members. At least one more.
team should be added to insure
plenty of competition. Because of
this need for more players the (lead-
iiiie for signing will be moved up
to next Monday. October 0. Any
groups who would like to cnter
should turn in a list to Nolan Powell
01‘ the MAA before the same date.

Games will be played on Satur—
day and will u :f interfere with foot-
bnll ’l‘wo games will be scheduled
if a fourth tcani develops, more if
a sudden interest occurs.

You don't need to be a seasoned
player to t'()lilt‘ out. All that is need-
cd is old clothes, sneaks, and a
strong pair of legs. The more iii-
tcrcsi shown. the better the league
will be.

l’olllls will be awarded to botli
players and officials under the new
MAA schedule. ’l‘hc initial lct: in
tEic stuccr championship trophy
:i\\‘.illu thc winncrs,

Men vs Women in Hockey

A hockey guinc will bc playcd bc—
l\\ccli n WAA harm and a squad
.‘tt po cd of lilt'ii fioiii HI. Mary's.
l‘..i- -i1|l' how bccn icntulivciy sill
for ncxi Friday :illci‘nooii,

‘iiu la-nctits o thc eumc will no
it".il',i lurin-hiu lhc Ht. Mary's
lo-ni cs t‘om;ihmcnhn'y llt'i-it‘ls will
b:- ~tilll l'oi' it‘ll cciiln.

Cheaiieadeis Needed

’l‘hci‘c will l):' tryout-~ for Htuh-
i'tiilctti- l‘ill’t‘i'll‘.ilit‘i‘\ itll' liic .i V.
lt'.tlil .' ll 'l‘tn ally, ()“tobcr ’i', ;it It lit)

lloth :;nl .ind lciiow“ from all
l'il' ix :Ili' lli"'t‘li lti it'\ (till.
'l‘hc |ii.t’." will in' po tcd oii lllt‘

\\' '\,\ lllliit iltt board

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

 

swear slice

 

 

 

 

 

in MM .m~ W  W“ -» « kWh“:annwxzmplpwwwkénuepsiuv.i.u»:,.---.-/-Vnorm...  

785 Madlmhvo" Albany) .Nx

{Fat-ma rm" (Yuri/Y?
Home Made 101‘} CREAM

SODAS w CANDY m SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Daily

()I'I‘JN DAILY AT 8 A. M.

 

 

 

 

Council Slates

Co-ecl Hayride

WAA and MAA will stage a com-

bined operation October 17, feat-
uring n hayride and dancing. This

affair, first of its kind to be spon-
sored by State College. will be for
couples only.

Bev Sittig, '49, and George Poulos,
'48. will take charge of tickets and
general arrangements. Ellie Adams.
'50. and Gene McLaren, ‘48, will
take care of refreshments while
Dick Feathers, ‘50. will handle the
music. "Pug" Kuhlkin, ’51, and Al
Kilt'illl, ‘51. are in charge of clean-
up and will be assisted by other
members of the Class of '51.

According; to present plans, the
hayride will last from 7:30 to 9:30
in. Dancing plus refreshments,
consisting of cider and doughnuts.
will follow in the Commons. The
price for the entire evening has
been sci at only sewrnty-five cents
per couple.

 

39 which
Port out .ai-v
in nu: orncuu.

FOOTBALL
IN THE muons
cams mom
Com’t‘o
com I
.. mo SPAIDING mar

 

 

 

     

EVERYMAJOR

SPORT I

  

WAA Playday

Due Tomorrow; 
Fun, Food,Frolic' 

Are you sun-down, run-down or
hard up? Maybe you’re hungry, or

' Just a little bit homesick? Got all

of Monday's home work done and
looking for some excitement? Well.
fresh, fasten those green beanles
on your heads and listen to what
we have to offer.

The Woman’s Athletic Association
is holding its annual “frosh play-
day" tomorrow afternoon on the
Dorm Field from two to five. You
say you've never been to a "play-
day"? Then just prepare yourself
to one of the biggest and bestest
afternoons ever and come to the
frolic.

All Welcome

Mickey Seaman, ’49, General
Chairman, has announced that all
fresi'imen, as well as upperclassmen,
are invited. The event, WAA's of-
ficial reception for the frosh. will
include games, entertainment and
FOOD.

The committees in charge include
Lydia Boyton and Pat Tildeii, Sen-
iors, refreshments; Bev Sittig, ’49.
and Jean Hotaling, '50, games; and
Juanita Evans, '49. entertainment.
Entertainers

Specially to entertain you, Mig
Hoefnei‘. ‘49. has promised to do her
famous acrobatic dance while Ellen
Fay, ‘48, will do a monologue. The
State College Trio and a skit by
WAA Council will complete the
program.

In addition to peanuts, apples and
cokes tall for free, incidentally) all
frosli will receive WAA flyers with
complete lists of Fall Sports. Cap-
tnins, time. place and requirements.
Lucy Lytle, ‘49. and Sue Miller. '50,
have prepared these flyers. They'll
look good in anybody's scrapbook
for Marge Fusiner. ‘49. has done a.
beautiful art job on them.

Beside all these other attractions,
it's a lot of down right good fun and
one of those special events you just
can‘t afford to miss. See you all
there . . .!

 

      
  

 

SPAM/76'
.9573 mm:
M was

 

 

 

 

