 
   
 

 
 

r  the past, people have remarked that the NEWS
editorials cover about the same issues each year

and the sorority question seems to be one of the
main issues concerned.

This may be true, but we must also take into
consideration that these same issues still confront
the student body. We still have sororities and al-
though there has been some progress, much more
could be done.

Rush rules still restrict speaking and other
associations with freshmen to daytime hours al-
though now they do allow sorority women to dis-
cuss their'own sororities. The orientation program
on sororities helps somewhat but there still re-
mains a certain cloudiness in the minds of the
freshmen where this topic is concerned. The ques-
tion is still too hushed and the length of rush
period still much too short. Freshmen are mobbed
by sorority women for the first few weeks of school
and when the ridiculously short period is over, the
freshmen find themselves no longer the center of
sorority attention. To many freshmenthis is a big
let-down. 

  
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
    
    
   
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
 

Rushing creates an unhealthy and unreal situa-
tion with both freshmen and sorority women out-
doing themselves to create a good impression. These
relationships should be allowed to develop na-
turally over- a longer period of time. As a general
rule, it is impossible for two people to become ac-
quainted well enough in the few short weeks of
open rush period with all the restrictions involved
to know whether or not they want to bind them-
selves to each other for the rest of their college
career.

It seems only practical to extend the open rush
period still much too short. Freshmen are mobbed
formal dinner climaxing the ﬁrst year of college
rather than beginning it. More disclussion about
sororities, what they do, and how they function is
imperative. Freshmen should be given a true pic-
ture of the organizations they are joining and
should be given a chance to know the sorority
women as individuals and not just as a bunch of
“good-looking kids.”

A longer rush period might also help combat
dirty rushing. If freshmen really knew each sor-
ority and its sorority members, they wouldn’t need
a last minute pep talk to sway them into the
“right” sorority. They would know the group to
which they wanted to attach themselves.

Something has been done with the problem. Last
year one of the sororities on campus relaxed its
rules on religious requirements and Intersorority
Council adopted new regulations which now allow
sorority women to speak of their own sorority and
freshmen to enter sorority houses. However, the
main issue, the length of the rush period, seems to
have been ignored entirely.

Are we going to keep on ignoring it?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol. XXXII

Member
Associated Collegiate l'reua

No. 2

Distributor
Collegiate Digth

September 20, 194'?

The umicrgraduute newspaper of the New York State Col-
logo for Teachers; published ovory Friday of the college
your by the NEWS hoard for the Student Association.
l’llonml: May. 3-0538; (.‘olcnmn, curse; Zinni, Militia; Clark,

 

ltoehi‘ord, 8-0287. Members of the news ului'i' may he

reached ’i‘ues., and Wed. from 7 lo ll :00 i'. M. at li-liili’l.
The News Board

ANN MAY . . - - - - - canon-Imam"

CAROL CLARK - - ~ - MANAGING lDi'l’oR

ILLIN ROCHFORD . . . . . mummo lcl'ron

PAULA TICHV - - - - - - scours canton
FRANCIS ZINNI - - - - CIRCULATION MANAalﬂ
RITA COLIMAN - - - - - - anvsarlsmo
CHARLOTTE LALLY - - - ousmua MANAGER
lull LANDAU - - - - - AIIOGIATI IDi‘l‘Oﬂ
JIAN PULVIR - ~ - - - - "scours canon
JIAN IPCNCIR - - - - - AIIOCIATI sorrow

 

All communications: should be addressed to the editor and
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.

 

«or

our: COLLIOI um Paloma can. as. 1941

 

3hr memorials

 

By THOMAS O’BRIEN

Willy Warweeri is no longer among
us. This Week, we dedicate our col-
umn to his memory. so that in our
small space we may pay tribute to
his honesty, sincerety, and loyalty to
the traditions of State College. The
heroic soldi , who fought so gal-
lantly at Guadalcanal. Iwo. Nor-
mandy, and Norfolk, has succumb-
ed to a menace which is far greater
than war'a perils of bombs, bul-
lets and cheap alcohol. We will
miss our Willy, but, like Willy's
comrades who fell with shrapnel in
their chests or whiskey in their
blood-streams, Sgt. Warweeri has
not expired in vain. May every vet-
eran at NYSOT read this saga of
self-sacrifice, and profit by the
moral it teaches.

Willy was a likeable chap; which
is to say, he had ideas of his own.
While at this great institution, he
showed true devotion to our educa-
tional standards by avoiding such
dens of iniquity as libraries, where
the vice of study is often prac-
ticed. He was a model student in
all respects. Those of us who knew
him well will always remember him
as a scholar, a true friend, and a
fourth at bridge. But Willy had one
fault, and it was this tiny flaw in
his character that eventually led
to his down-fall. Willy was an ideal-
ist. He looked at life through an
optimist's monocle, and placed his
faith in Santa Claus, wishing wells,
and acts of Congress. You can im-
agine what a shock it was to the
clear boy, when having braved one
of those unending lines at the Co-
op, he found himself confronted
with a need for $30 worth of books,
and a $25 limit. Momentarin stun-
ned, Willy foolishly turned to the
veteran’s training officer for as-
sistance.

Mr. Ed. Ministrater looked up
from his jig-saw puzzle when Willy
entered his office, and, being a friend
to all veterans, greeted him warmly.

 

“What the hell do you want?”
Willy swallowad his bubble-gum,
and, summoning all his courage,
told the sympathetic listener of his
difficulties. It was well worth the
effort, because the gentleman be-
hind the desk gave him great conso-
lation. “That's tough, Mac. Why
don’t you change your course or
sump'n? What do you follow think
Uncle Sam is, anyway. Why, simp-
ly because gym equipment is re-
quired, one student, Lee John ~Aihr,
had the nerve to request the gov-
ernment pay for it. Imagine! It's to
protect the taxpayers from chiselers
like him that they pay me $5000 a
year, and, by George I’ll protect
them,” he boomed, slamming his
list on the desk. Pieces of the puz-
zle splattered all over the room.

“But I thought we were allowed
up to $500 a year," replied Willy

weakly.

“You aren't allowed one red cent

to squander on such foolishness as
Ed. 10 books, my boy."
10w, confidential tone he continued.
“However, there is one possibility
open to men in your predicament. I
suggest that you pay for the books

Then too

yourself, and take the receipts to
the VA in Watervliet. Perhaps they
will re-imburse you."

And so, the next day Willy gath-
ered up all his receipts in three mail
bags, sold his silver key from the
Thumtack Collectors Club for bus
fare, and set off for distant Water-
vliet. That was the last ever seen of
Willy Warweeri. Exactly what tor-
turous lines, interviews, and cross-
examinations he endured before
sweet death solaced him, we shall

never know. At any rate, through

his courage, determination, and
poverty, a lesson has been handed
down to GI’s at NYSCT. The
mourning populace has donated
huge sums for the erection of a
fitting monument to Sgt. Warweeri
with the firm belief that Nothing
Is Too Good For Our Boys.

3W“

 

To the Editor:

Since returning to school this fall,
I have heard considerable com-
ment on the proposed U. 8. Life
Student Medical Expense Policy,
but the most often heard remark
was: “Twenty Bucksl No insur-
ance plan is worth all that dought.
I can't afford it."

These comments deserve a reply!
The answer is that no student at
State, be he rich or poor, can af-
ford to be without such protection!
No one of us knows who will be
next to require surgery for acute
appendicitis, to require hos-
pitalization for pneumonia, or to re-
quire a doctor’s attention for a bad
cold. But we all know that some
of us will require expensive hos-
pitalization and treatment. and that
most of us will see a doctor at one
time or the other this year. Most
students at State College cannot
afford to pay large medical bills.
Many would find it necessary to
drop out, or difficult to continue for
such reasons. It will be our collec-
tive fault as members of Student
Association because we have not
had the foresight to offer a plan of
protection.

During the course of investiga-
tion of various plans—and it was a
long and thorough one, as the au~
thor personally knows,——there were
less expensive plans found. Our own
Infirmary Fund is certainly less ex-
pensive. But these plans which are
initially cheaper are more expensive
in the long run, because none of
them offer the broad protection of
the U. 8. Life Student Medical Ex-
pense Policy about which Student
Council has written to you. All
plans investigated more and less
expensive, allocate the amounts of
proetctlon, making hospitalization
or treatment complicated or in-
volved. There is red tape galore.
Blue Cross will not insure Student
Association collectively and the in-
dividual protection is offered only to
working people - eliminating for
the school year, at least, all of us.
The U. 8. Life plan was chosen
because it lacks red tape, because it
is cheaper than any nearly noun:
,ei' callable to the ommittee
_ vestisa , the Proposition The

l 3

author, after reading of other
health and accident policies, was
highly doubtful because of the com-
paratively low rates. I frankly don't
believe in Santa Clausi But upon
seeing written evidence of the bene-
fits upon learning of the slashing
of red tape, elimination of expen-
sive agents and administrative pro-
cedure—can gladly testify that it is
by far the best plan offered which
I have seen.

Who of us has not considered at
one time or another, medical atten-
tion for a cold, corrective or plastic
surgery, and decided against it be-
cause of the expense. Under such
a. protective plan as this, such at-
tention will be available. The ad-
ministration ls highly interested in
having a healthy group of people
to go forth into teaching, and cor-
tninly this plan will contribute to
that end.

Twenty dollars is practically noth-
ing when serious medical atten-
tion is needed, and even for minor
colds and drugs (which the policy
pays) twenty dollars won't last long.
This is one of the best investments
a State College student could make
in protection and in getting into the
insurance habit.

I'll frankly admit that I’ll have
to work “overtime”. as will many
others to get the extra twenty, but
it's worth many days of work for
this protection. Twenty dollars is at
large sum, but the plan at this
price is dirt cheap, and we can‘t af-
ford to turn it down.

Don Lansky, '40

Is that. l'lumu' true? Could it really
be that there isn‘t enough room in
the Auditorium for all of State’s
students? If so, I have a plan to
offer. that I hope will be acceptable.

Why not let the practice-towin-
era and half of the Junior class have
first semester free, and then those
scheduled to teach second semes-
ter and the other half of the Class
of '49 could do the same after Feb-
ruary? Under this system all mem-
bers of both of the upper classes
will benefit. and the under-class-
,men will have somethlg to look for-
ward to next year.

Friday Fatigued

Gammon-Stake

 

 

By BUCK HIPPIOK

The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
News.

Biggest news of the week and something that will
be making headlines, by-lines, and the radio is the
projected plan now underway for a combined inter-
fraternity-inter-sorority formal dance.

The date——mid-December—-ls one to keep open
on your social calendar.

Tracers are now out on name bands and indica-
tions are that the Washington Avenue Armory might
be obtained for the occasion.

If plans made by a joint fraternal-sororal com-
mittee last night materialize, this will be the biggest
show ever staged by State.

Many details remain to be worked out yet. The
idea is still embryonic but this will be something

to watch for.
Ii! Ill IiI #

Just a note to those of you interested in riding
the higher sections of the curve. The State Library
on Washington Avenue will be open Tuesday, Wed-
nesday, and Thursday evenings until 10:00 P. M. this
year. A swell chance to get those bothersome term
papers out of the way and who knows, maybe you
too will rest comfortably on the Dean’s List this
semester if you take advantage of this opportunity.

ii! Iii Ill ill

Fraternity business gets underway Tuesday night
with a smoker in the Commons. Smoker—that’s an
excuse to swap jokes. All freshmen and upperclass
men independents are invited to attend this confab.

In addition to some talents which for various rea-
sons can't be presented from the Page Hall Stage,
fresh will get a chance to look over the various frets.
A Fraternity Prospectus will be issued to all men who
attend. This to include facts on purpose and past per-
formance, figures on financial obligations, and lotsa
info invaluable to fresh. It goes to press tomorrow
morning.

Sororities might Well follow suit. The Prospectus
is not a rushing instrument, but a good attempt to
acquaint the unknowing with the information they

want.
s c u- t

Nor was there an utter lack of activity during the
summer. For they entered the place known as Men’s
Locker Room and gazed upon the bulletin board
and lo! the sheet dated February 1942 reading “The
War-time conditions under which we live today make
physical health imperative. The following upperclass-
men will take physical education as indicated . . . "
Yes, Kiddies, State is rcconverting to peacetime pur—
suits.

Ill it Ill 'l'

Ugliest of all rumors to reach our ears this WCt'ii
was word that a. certain establishment known as Clicz—
O. The Establishment, Case-Okla, etc. was declared oil
campus. Whoever is responsible for the authorship oi
this bit of illis‘lnformution certainly had many poo»
pic wondering. A note to fresh: you DO NOT sign
out for this place. Go to the Boul.

1l1 >l1 41 iii

The Small Bore Rifle Team had its organizational
meeting Wednesday evening and is issuing a null Il-
ull cx-slmrpshootors, exports, it: maggics druwpr
shooters to drop a note to Lou Sumln-rg ll‘ lilil'l'l"h’il‘ll
Inter-collegiate competition is being lined up MW.
and it’s all over the district but the shooting.

 

College Calendar — - -

 

FillMAE—September :30, 1047
5:30 P.M.~Connnutm"a Club Supper in lunuuw
0:00P.M.—~Pi'esi(lenl's Rocopllon for

and Student ("dildos in logic ltoom. l'lm-w Hail

HA'l‘llltl)AY-—Hcptl‘mber 27
0:00 RM: rliiill-i and lift/i. reception for l“i'll-il

Alulitoi'ium. A Snake Hum-e and l'llll'llxlillllu
will follow.

'l‘illiltSllAY—(ictobcr it
0130?. M.‘ Forum ilil'llll‘lll,‘ in lloom

Zi:1i(iP.M,~--IVCI“ iiiblu Study in [loom 1:30

7:00-40:00 P. M. Sorority Open llousoa:
Della, Alpha Epsilon Fill, and Pill linlln.

l"l'()rlll pm

Hi
KLIMM

il‘ltlliAV-wficiobcr 3
7:00-10:00 l’.M.—~ Sororin ()pl'u ilousos; l':.l (lullun I.
Chi Sigma 'l‘iu-ln, llolu Zeta, uml (inmmu Kule
Phi.
HA'l‘llltliAY—-—()etobor 4
8:30 P.M.—«I.)on Cossack Chorus and Dances in l'uz'v
Hall. Admission will be by Studcnt 'l'nx.
SUNDAY—October it
3:00-5:30 P.M.~-F'reslnncn Tea, sponsored by N'W‘
man Club at Newman Hail.
7:00-10:00 P.M.--Smokcr for men to Newman Club
at Newman Hall.

 

"A". “id-I!"  Innate!!- .19. 1041 

m

 

 

SEB Placements

During Summer

Seniors, Grad ,Students
Secure Teaching Jobs

Students who have secured posi-
tions through the Student Employ-
ment Bureau during the past sum-
mer according to Mrs. William B.
Fink, head of the Bureau, are listed
as follows:

Pauline Meyers has a position
teaching Math in New York; Herbert
,Straub, back for Master; Herbert
Bothamley, Science, Math, Voor-
heesville; Patricia. Sheehan, English,
Center Moriches; Roger Golden, So-
cial Studies, Shrub Oak; Thomas
Feeney, Social Studies, Bellport;
Clarence Oary, Science, Greenville;
Dolores Ganslow, Commerce, Dun—
kirk; Mary Carey, Commerce, Shar-
on Springs; Dorothy Monty, Social
Studies, Keene Vailey; Gloria Mc-
Menus, Latin, Social Studies, May-
brook; Shirley Knights, French,
English, Galway; Mary Do Brescia,
Social Studies, Hancock; Joan Dol-
lard, Social Studies, Junior High,
Richﬁeld Springs; Ruth Bentley,
Latin, Hudson Falls; Irene Cross,
Commerce, Middleburgh; Eleanor
Winkler, Commerce, Chadwicks;
Marie Salluce, Commerce, Central
Islip; Beverly Link, English, French,
Athens; Edna SWeency, Commerce,
Guidance, Chestertown; William
Mallory, French, Latin, Spanish,
Wurrensburg; Lucy Smith, Social
Studies, Anderson School, Stunts-
burg; Anita DcLegge, Math, Utlca;
Marlon Frost, Commerce, Math,
Warrensburg; Metro Myreski, So-
cial Studies, Cohocs.

Elvira Froncello will teach French
and English in Chestertown; Wil-
liam Tucker, Social Studies, Bridge-
hampton; Muriel Griffin, English,
French, Grand Gorge; Frank Simes,
Social Studies, Honeaye Falls; Vi-
vien Nielsen, English, Marlborough;
Jane Loffcrty, Social Studies,
French, English, Bradford; Nona
Vimincrslucdt, Commerce, So-
cial Studies, Atlsville; Clyde Cook,
Social Studies, English, Gradford;
Martin Stewart, Physics, University
of Delaware; Catherine Glavin,
Commerce, Pine Plains; Bertha
Wakm, Commerce, Homer; Mary
Stolfc, French, Spanish, Hooslck
Falls.

Betty Brennan, Social Studies,
Warrensburg; Dorothy Mordaunt,
English, Warrcnsburg; Eleanor Dur—
bcck, English, Wlnaoske High
School, Vermont; George Blackburn,
Social Studies, Math, Youngsville;
Adela Garcia, Spanish, English,
Morrisvlllo; Mary Toliuu, English,
Morrisvlllc; Esther Close, Library,
New York State Institute of Ag-
riculture and Home Economics,
coblesklll; Gloria Russo, Science,
Mnrlborough; Stephen Bull, Com—
merce, Klndcrhook; Barnard Skel-
sky, Social Studies, English, Troy;
Avis Chnmluu'llu, Latin, Mntlr, Hur-
risvlllc; lticlmrd Forum], Library,
Ullbon; liclen Iticbourno, Latin,
li‘l‘om'li, Pine Plains; Uim‘lu Baker,
Mnlh, Sell-11cc. Stamford; John
Yates, Soelnl Studies, (.11'oeuport;
'l'immuu Loohy, Social Studies, Eug—
lish, East (irconbusli; Madeline
Slmw, Commerce, 'l‘uppor Luke.

Jnmes Slnou, Soclnl Studios, Giov-

(-rsvlllo; Elizabeth Margot, Lutln,
ltnullsli; Nichols; Helen Hosklus,
French, Social Studies, Fort Ed»

wards; Alililt Muo Mulroney, Social
Studies, Vooriuwsvlllo; Ilurriel.
Silliitlllili, Secretory, position in lto~
cheater; How Mntychnk, ‘i‘clephono

C(nupnny; Mary 16. Sullivun, Sei—
cnce, [dust (.ll‘lfl'lilillriil; Nutuile Culli-
luulior, Math, Science, Windsor;
Rodney 1"i'um'l‘, English, il'l'Plltili, I.i—
bi'm'y, ()tlavllle; Louise Winters,

(luluulullon, (.‘Il‘lil‘l‘lll Electric (Pitta—
lloldl; Mary Nnylor, l-Ingilnli, (ill—
bun; Lnui'n ltoml, Social Studies,
(liibou; Caroline Berg, l‘li'tliillll,
Spuuiuii, English, New Lebanon;
Henry 1'). Wise, Mulli, Dryllou—ll‘rce—
ville; Doris ihu'ull, English, French,
Ntiilli Lawrence; Olive Mung,
French, English, Enrivlllo; Audrey
Oox, English, l,.ibru1'y, Kinderilook.

(Continued on Page a“, Column ll)

liliiilPiiS
RESTAURANT

208 Central Ave.

 

 

 

 

Renovate: New Domicile

on most esteemed Myskania
members, wouldn’t you think
that Robert’s Rules would have
at least a little something to say
about this? The lgnominy of it
all. To think that Myskania
should be forced to vacate their
former office and move into—
of all places—the men’s jbhn!
Myskania members, however,
being most sensible and efficient
persons, philosophically shrug-
gd their shoulders, rolled Up
their eans and went to work.
Purple and gold was the theme,
of course; and how that paint
did apply itself!

At present there would seem
to be just one more problem
threatening the peace of mind
of the "Wise Ones”, and that is
one of seating arrangement.
Considering that the cubic area
of their domicile has been re-
duced by approximately one-
half, perhaps they are to be
congratulated on the fact that
at least in this room there is a
partition between the "kitchen"
and the “sitting room"!

 

Brophy To Head
Activities Day

James Brophy, '49, Chairman of
Activities Day, has announced that
State College’s traditional “Activi-
ties Day" will be celebrated this year
on Saturday, October 11. Tentative
plans provide for a full day of en-
tertainment to introduce to the
freshman the various activities and
organizations which they may join.

During the afternoon the mem-
bers of the class of ’51 will have an
opportunity to discuss the various
activities with a representative from
each organization. A few-of the ac-
tivities they are free to join are:
Debate Council, Forum, Pcdagogue,
and the State College News. In-
cluded on the agenda for the af-
ternoon is the traditional banner
ceremony at which time the class of
1951 will receive its banner.

In the evening there will be a
snake dance and a song festival on
the dorm l’ilcld. To climax the day’s
program the class of 1950 will hold
it reception for the student body to
welcome the class of ’51.

There will be a meeting Monday
afternoon at 3:30 in room 109 of
all organizations who desire on of-
lite on Activities Day to email new
members. Only those organizations
represented at this meeting will he
allowed to set up an office.

Weaning Ruled

Myskunlu wishes to announce to
Student. Association the specifica-
tions for sending warnings for vio-
lations of State college traditions.

1. Warnings must contain:
A. Type of violation.

ll. Date of violation.

C. 'l‘imu of violation.

1). Place of violation.

1'). Numo of person who viola—
ted the tradition.

l'~‘. Name of person sending

warning.

ii. The person in whom the vloln~
lion occurred in line only one who
may report said vlolnllieil.

ii]. if a violation is seen by two

people one or both may report it but
on the some [)lllil‘i‘.

tFinl‘ Anmums Myskaniatoses ' Thunder-Throatcd Don Cossack 1' 

To Thrill State With Russian Mdsic 

 

 

 

Stewart Returns To State College

Alter Year In South America

It's good to see the familiar face
of Dr. Watt Stewart as we circu-
late through the hails from class to
class. Dr. Stewart, as head of the
Social Studles department, has re-
turned to State after a year's sab-
batical leave, during which time he
toured Central and South America.

In the summer of 1946 he was a
member of the faculty of the Uni-
versity of Mxico, As the cold Weath-
er approached, he moved south
spending some time in Mexico,
Costa Rica and ﬁnally culminating
his trip in Peru, where he did exten-
sive research on Chinese coolle la-
bor. His book on this subject, almost
ready for publication, is found to be
an interesting gencology of the Per-
uvian problem. It seems that until
1874 Chinese coolics ware imported
into Peru and then forced to do
heavy manual labor on the railroads
for extremely meager wages. When
this practice came to an end, the
Chinese and Pcruvlans begun to in-

 

Seck Men For Choral Group

Mr. Carl Peterson, assistant prof.
of Music, has lurked all men, who
are interested in forming a men's
choral group, to contact him this
week nl. his office in Room 28,
Richardson. This course, if formed,
may or mny not be taken for credit.

Opportunities are also open to
anyone who is interested in 01'-
chvstru, especially in the viola. cel-
lo, buss, oboe or bassoon. Those who
wish to try out may report on Tues-
day afternoons at 3:35.

 

Used Book Exchange Hours

Elizabeth Ann Gibson and Marie
li‘ermmdez, Juniors, are in charge of
the Used Book Exchange, located
on the balcony of the Commons.
The Exchange will be open from
9:10 until 2:30 daily until October
:lrd, and all students who wish to
.noll or purchase books should report
in tin- (it'h‘k.

 

BOULEVARD

l98~200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

PHONE 6-1013

“MEET AND EAT AT THE

GAFETERIA

iiOUL”

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

tor-marry, and at the present time
the descendants of these two strains
may commonly be found around the
vicinity of the public markets.

While in Costa Rica, Dr. Stewart
also began work on a new manu-
script on one Minor 0. Keith, an
American who built a Costa Rican
railroad. However, after marrying a
native of that country, Mr. Keith
purchased a large plantation which
he later expanded into the present
United Fruit Company.

When questioned about life in
Costa Rica, Dr. Stewart reported
that there is an extremely high rate
of literacy and also moderately dem-
ocratic way of life. According to
Dr. Stewart, Costa Rica is decidedly
against any American intervention
although they have much more con-
fidence in us than in former years.
They admire the Americans greatly,
but yet, to a. small degree, there is
also fear of the people from the
North. Because of the inflation,
caused by America's failure to send
them nmnul'uclurcd products, some
are much more skeptical of the
Americans than others.

Dr. Stewart found some great
changes in Peru. The conservative
form of government is gradually
changing to a liberal system, though
more and more is being done to
favor the cause of the labor class.
Education at the present time, how-
ever, ls drawing the atctnllon of the
government and many now im-
provements are being made.

Before Dr. Stewart left on sub-
bntlcnl leave, he was ncthc as a la-
culty member on Inter-Grom) Coun-
oil.

The Original Don Cossack Cheri
us and dancres‘, marshalled by dy-
namic, pint-sized Serge Jaroff, have
begun their 18th consecutive con-
cert campaign through the, United
States, and under the regimental
banner of Impresario S. Hurok, will
appear at Page Hall on Saturday.
October 4. 1947, under the auspices
of Music Council. '

The thunder-throated singers
who, will bring with them a pro-
gram of rumbling Russian liturgies,
soldier and folk ditties familiar and
unfailingly fresh to American au-
diences for almost two decades, have
the reputation of being able to
'transform Madison Square Garden
into a telephone booth". Due to the
military discipline which is admin-
istered on tour by an elected “min-
ister of internal decorum”, the six-
foot singers are defenseless against
bobby-soxers who besiege them
backstage for autographs. The fa-
mous flowing beards no longer adorn
the chins of these stalwart Slavs.
Audiences streaming into their
dressing-rooms for post-perform-
ance congratulations used to “Tsk
Tsk" over the “poor old men who
had to sing and dance so strenuous-

By the time they complete their
itinerary in March, the Original Don
Cossacks will have sung in 119 cities
this season. They have appeared in
every American community of 50,-
000 population. They will embark
thereafter for Europe, their first
concert circuit of the Continent
since 1939. Before going abroad,
they will redball from New Jersey
to Connecticut via California to give
their Muscovite liturgies, rollicking
Cossack and soldier songs 128 per-
formances, by which time they will
have reached their million-and-a
half-mile mark.

The giant choristers and their
Tom-Thumb director opened this
season with their 6,054th concert,
and will close with their 182nd since
they were mustered into ranks by
Jaroff in 1920. In the last several
years they became naturalized Unit-
ed States citizens, as familiar to
music audiences in Wenatchee and
Walla-Walla as to their fans in
Carnegie Hall. They have been re-
sponsible for the addition of “kaz-
ntski" to the Yankee lexicon and
the transformation of “The Volga
Boatman" into an "American" folk
song.

"Like taking the vows," they say,
“joining the Don Cossack Chorus is
a lifetime proposition."

4 Frats To Participate
in Smoker, Tuesday

Stanley Abrams, '48, President of
Inter-Fraternity Council has an-
nounced that Curtis Pfaff, '48, is
General Chairman of an Inter-Fra-
ternlty Smoker to be held Tuesday,
September 30, in the Commons for
all non-fraternity members in State
College. The four fraternities on
campus will participate in this open
affair.

Alvin Feldman, '49, heads Ar-
rungements and Clean-Up Commit-
tees, while Everson Kinn, '49, heads
the entertainment, which will con-
sist of singing, story-telling. and a
skit.

In addition, the fraternity hund-
book. “A Prospectus" will be handed
out. This book gives the history, the
names of the enrolled members, and
the aims and purposes of each
fraternity. "A Prospectus" is put
out by Inter-Fraternity Council.

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

 

785

 

 

 

 

Swear Slice
Wham“

{arias/t of dual)
Home Made ICE CREAM

SODAS -- CANDY -— SANDWICHES
Luncheon Served Daily

OPEN DAILY A'l‘ I A. U»

 

 

 

 

 
   
     

 

 

 

