 

 

 

 

   

 

 

not «a v

v £72" 777".” . .

Strictly Speaking . .. .

State College is one haven of diverse activities—
activitles which should ultimately lead to a type
of preparation for life—activities which now should
interrelate with tomorrow. For the Fresh, inevita-

.ny it’s a conflict—what to join? Why?.

A“ would be ﬁne and dandy if each person in
every organization had a sincere interest in it, and
if all organizations worked together for the benefit
of the student body as a whole. An organization,
entered into for extracurricular activity, should not
be with the thought of personal gain or glory. The
only read to success is genuine interest and en-
thusiasm. The old adage, “you get out of it what
you put into it” will be only too true. Is it worth
it to while away your time with something that
won’t be of lasting benefit?

Many join into activities with visions of a B.T.O.
shining before them. But the object is not that-
the end result is not material reward, but greater
knowledge, something that you will enjoy in col-
lege and something that will remain with you
after the four years and you have been graduated.

While each person should be doing his best in
his particular activity, it would also do well if all
the various organizations on campus cooperated
toward a mutual end. Instead of this, the majority
of activities carried on at btate College work pure-
ly for their own ends. The main thought is “let’s
make our organization the biggest and best” not
“let’s all cooperate and really do something big for
State College.” Much needless repetition of time,
energy, and money could be eliminated through
more concentrated effort.

Not wanting to discourage any eager frosh from
joining an activity they are really interested in,
however, we have a word of warning. Do your job
well in one or two activities, instead of doing half
a job at half a dozen (and probably flanking out
too). Then if the various organizations worked
together—what a Utopia!

Added Efforts . . .

State College delegates recently attended a Red
Cross Conference at New Rochelle in the interest
of forming a branch of said organization here. Cer-
tainly the promotion of the Red Cross by our act-
ual participation would be worthy of any time and
effort.

Few opportunities are easily available to col-
lege students in the backing of civic and humane
interests. A campus unit would stimulate student
activity in the Red Cross and prove our interest
in humanity as well as education. Undoubtedly, it
would also offer many advantages to veterans and
their wives. A course in home nursing would give
the practical and useful aspects of nursing to those
interested.

It seems to us, with all the talk about putting
State College on the map, here’s one good chance.
Let’s take it.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Clan oi 1918

 

No. 6

Distributor
Collegiate Digest

Vol. XXXII October 25, 1047

Member
Associated Collegiate l‘rean

’l‘he undergraduate newapuper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers: published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS lloard for the Student Association.
Phones: May, 2-iii‘li'i: (loll-man and itocllford. Btlll'ltl; Zlnui,
3-0688; Clark 2-0870. Members of the news staff may be
reached ’l‘ues.. and Wed. from 7 to 11:30 P. M. at 3-0107.

 

The New Board

ANN MAV - - - - - Ionron-m-cmzr
CAROL CLARK - - - - uANaoma Iowan
ILLIN ROCHFORD - - - - uanaama lorron
PAULA TICMY - - - ~ - - "can narrow
FRANCIS ZINNI - - - - ctnouurrou MANAGII
RITA COLIMAN - - u - - - aovssrterua
CHARLOTTE LALLV - Icarus" museum

ILIII LANDAU - - - AIIDCMTI Intron

JEAN PULVIR - . n - - AIIOGMTI sorrow

JIAN OPINCIR - - ~ ~ - AIIOCIATI corral
Issue Editor. ELLEN ROOHFORD

 

All eonuunaicatione should be addressed to the editor anti
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request,
The H'i‘A’i‘iii COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility

 

for opinions expressed in Its columns or emquualoatlons
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view,
-2

 

  
 
 

a

STA?! COLT-IO! KIWI. FRIDAY. OCT. Id. 1.47

w

This summer, thanks to a relative-
ly ingenious system known verna-
culariy as flunking-a-subject, go-
ing down, dropping, or getting can-
ned. your correspondent was privil-
eged with twelve weeks at New York
University, said foundation of learn-
ing to be found under the basement
of any tenement house, any place
in the city.

Since New York City is always the
focal point of any and every fad, it
was proper to assume that no place
offered a more propitious oppor-
tunity to find an example of the
Hearst-haunted race. the Commu-
nist. From the Bowery to the Brew-
ery, no class was left unlifted in the
unstincted search for wearers of the
pink undershirt.

While getting socially looped at
the bar of the sherry Netherlands,
between frozen Daiquiries, subtly,
was asked of a pent-house dude,
with a part in his hair from one ear
to the other. “Pahdon. are you a
commie?" The reply invariable was,
"No, but my wife believes in shar-
ing everything with everybody."

And on Mott Street, the plea was,
“Melican wan’ to flind clommie."
upon which this spy seemed always
to end up with the stem of an opium
pipe in his mouth, (and. suspiciously
enough. pink toothbrush.)

Another lady, in a crowded Bright-
on Beach subway. replied to the
question. “No, sonny, but for a small
sum, I'm almost anything . . .'
Needless to say this one pursued his
search until he hit a Greenwich
emporium called Juluis’s where,
among the mad artists, slummers,
lost souls of many variations and
generations, and one or two ser-
ious escapists. the question again

aw "La-91.:

1» nodes mason

 

was deposited. A voice replied,
“may . ' - n

Taking himself hence, your small-
time Forrest Willis finally found
what may be called the local cell,
or stronghold of this mania. Union
Square, that verdant acre, lost
among capitalistic pinnacles. was
quite discernable because of the
many arms holding to the sky,
copies of Inside ILSA Among the
many little forums, quotations were
taken from Mr. Gunther which
seemed to be both pro-subverslsm
and antidemocratic. “Henchman”.
“Isolationist”, "Communist," Were
the various cries. How ironic to be
praised and torn down simultane-
ously both for subversive reasons.

How many J. Edgar Hoovers were
about, it would be impossible to es-
timate as this child of Minerva
boldly called to the masses to melt
down their red cow and turn ador-
ingly to the country which privately
may have kicked them in their com-
munal teeth, but which still pre-
sents the most human atmosphere
for living.

And so it went. from Grand Cen-
tral Terminal to Washington Square.
from Rockefeller Center to the Ger-
man-American on lower Third Ave-
nue, question after question, group
after group revealed nothing more
but potentially dangerous unrest and
discontent. The Communists in
their naughty scarlet cloaks were
only received as a ridiculous and
childish manifestation by the ser-
ious. time-poor New Yorkers; and
yet, out of the totality of experience
it was quite clear that the provinc-
ially conducted billion dollar public-
ity campaign which the anti-com-
munists were waging was, and is,
a most serious threat to a one hun-
dred and seventy year old scrap of
paper.

Reel In peace

 

I have been led to believe that in
this critique of the AD plays pre-
sented last Tuesday I should follow
the advice of the Latin dictum
which runs: “Demortuis nil nisi
boum" -—— Concerning the dead
(say) nothing but good”. Not that
I am intimatlng that such a beloved
and venerable tradition as AD is
defunct or even somewhat deca-
dent, but that if praise and eulogy
cannot be rendered. I should at least
be kindly silent rather than elo-
quently cruel about deficiencies.
For. otherwise, a cold and critical
blast sweeping down from the Olym-
pic heights of perfectionism might
blight and kill the frail and feeble
blossoms of AD as it inaugurates
the dramatic season at State. Yet,
I have my doubts about that frail-
ncss. for if AD has nothing else,
it has the perennial pertinuclty of
a weed.

Therefore. though I am sorely
tempted to say that to me the call-
ber of the drama at State means
only the measurement of its amount
of BORE. I shall bite off my viper-
ous tongue rather than bring chag-
rin to those deserving it, thinking

By LUKE ZILLES

 

always— “. . . nothing but good".
Here Lies Tom Lisker, a Comedy

It died from gaposis in dialogue
resulting from inept picking up of
ones; from poor stage business; from
malpractice by Everson Kinn in his

goosestepplng, blatantly unnatural.

overacting. But its spirit was saved
by the mellow naturalness of Phyl-
lis Wittpenn’s carriage and voice—
a voice delightful in its tone and
its shimmering nuances of light
sarcasm. Earle Jones and his fu-
neral aspect served as usher.
llerc Lies Ellen Fay, A Farce
After the first ﬁve minutes of hi-
larity it died from over-exertion and
lack of finesse. Sadly enough the
prognosis of the stage manager’s
(Don Ely), came true. Although
Edith Dell did some deft caricatur-
izing at times, she blurred the rest
of her role by excessive stridency
and contorted actions. From her
screams of travail she was evident-
ly trying to bear the burden of the
whole play.

 

To those who think that they have
received the kiss of death here. I
offer the belief in the resurrection
and in Tuesday nltcs hereafter.

 

6’an“

 

To the Editor:

Having read your editorial “Please,
Fellows," we have deemed it neces-
sary to make a few comments. Let
us look at the problem of expense
objectively.

There is the matter of the cost
of the bid ($0.00). This your the
cost of the bid has more than dou-
bled. Then there is the matter of
the corsage ($4.00). Add to this a
few taxi jaunts ($2.00), plus a few
exprmsivc hours at a rendezvous
slightly harder on the pocketbook

than our old stamiby “Ockle's”
($5.00), and we find our State Col-
lege "cad suck" eating K-ratlons

well into 1048. So far the cost of
this one joyous night has been
$16.00 in round figures. Apparently.
the editors do not think this is go-
ing “all the way" but are asking us
to add the extra $7.00 to hire a tux-
edo. On the $66.00 a month basis
for Veterans, and whatever non-
Veterans can scrape together, this

would turn out to be an exceedingly
expensive evoning’s entertainment.

We have hopes that this Christ-
mas formal will be an enjoyable
State College tradition, In order
to make it a success, we must. have
us many members of the student
body present at the drmco as pos-
sible. If it is going to keep people
away merely because of the added
expense incurred through the hiring
of a tuxedo then the dance should
not be “strictly formal".

Honest. girls, We would like to go
“all the way", but frankly it just
isn't possible for some of the fol-
lows. Rather than Worry about the
ethics of the affair, why don't you
just go out and have a good time-—
regardless of what your date is wear-
ng.

Here‘s
duucel

hoping for a successful
Joseph Franeeilu "ill

Evermn A. Kinn ’49

Marvin Wayne '40

 

 

ow Maa‘d om I

During the war years, a need was felt here at State
for an organization of all the men of the college. This
need was felt partially because of the small number
of men registered at the time. and partially because
of the inactivation of all other men’s organizations.
in particular. the fraternities. This new organization
was formed under the leadership of some of the more
active men on campus as a unifying force among the
men in the winter of 1944-1945 and soon became one
of the most active groups on campus. Very appro-
priately, it was named “States-men”. Perhaps its
greatest attribute was its democracy; it was open
tit: lsitll‘l. regardless of race, creed politics. or personal

s es.

Obituary

For a time it was one of the very cornerstones of
the social life at State, and last year, when the CPI;
returned, it was thought that it could continue to
function in conjunction with the reactivated frats.
Interest, however. continued to wane. While the
Satesmen sponsored some very successful events last
year, it was a result of the efforts of a very few; mostly
those who had had a hand in the founding of it. Very
few people showed up for meetings, fewer yet to do
any work in preparation for dances and other func-
tions. Thus, near the end of last semester, 9. special
commitee was appointed to reorganize the statesmen.

This year, the Statesman as a whole have not as yet
had a single meeting. They have lost the date for
their Christmas semi-formal and are in doubt about
other dates. As a consequence of this general lack of
interest, the statesmen in the very near future will
formally disband. and will probably use its not in-
considerable bank balance to purchase some article
of use to the students of the college. as a memorial
to the Statesman. We call for a parting salute to an
organization which did such good for the men of
State, and so much for the college itself.

 

 

Dissension in the ranks.

The haphazard methods employed by those in charge
up at Camp St. Mary’s has been the subject of much
complaint during the past week. One of the major
gripes is that little Roddy Kilowatt altogether too
often goes on a “go out" strike. It is rather difficult
to study by the light of a cigarette lighter, the price
of fuel oil being what it is. Next on the list, is a
rather large hole someone dug near the barracks
neglecting to put any lights or other warning signs
about it. Instead of a ditch it nearly became a grave
one night.

The general situation is such that at least several
men we know are reading the "rooms for rent" columns
in the local sheets. and are willing to spend more
money Just to get out of the place. The fellows and
everyone connected with the college are working
hard for improvements. but are stymied at every
turn. We detect a faint odor.

Thornhili coming

Claude Thornhill and his orchestra have been def-
initely signed up for the All-State Christmas semi-
i'ormal, to be held December 13. at the Armory. This
should be the biggest social event at State in many
a year so plan to buy a bid early. They will be on
sale November lst.

The Primer

The breakdown of the Primer budget shows that
Student Association. if the financial resolution is
passed his morning, will be getting two issues of a
74c (cost price of printing) magazine for approxim-
ately 230 per copy. The Primer stuff works very

hard to accomplish this getting ads and doing
much of the actual physical labor themselves.
While We are getting" a bargain the ques-

tion remains how many students read the Primer?
Personally, we believe that while everything included
is undoubtedly of a high literary nature, it appeals
to a minority of the students, in its pl'esclit form.
We think that this is not necessarily a reason to vote
against the rcsoluion but ruLher a reason to have the
stuff increase the diversity of content. Lower the
standards. but give us something we can read. We all
pay more than 230 for magazines on occasion. and all
like to see a State College magazine, both for its
own sake and for the recognition it brings us from
outside the college.

'l‘hcreforc, we say vote "eye" on this resolution, and
at the same time call upon the stuff to expand the
scope of the magazine to llit‘llltlc articles which will
appeal to all the students.

These. Lunches Again

Since no one took our hint of lust Week. we suggest
to those in authority that they take whatever steps
may be necessary to keep those lunch bugs off the
college campus. Not only is the messy confusion of
paper in front of Page Hall a degrading eyesore but
the hull‘ rotted pieces of refuse lying around are if dis-
tinct health menace.

Keeping the Record Straight
In regards. to Grads not beng able to speak in As~

ministrulitm ruling rather than Student. Asatxiiullon’s.

In fact, Sudcut. Association Constitution specifically
provides that anyone who pays a Student 'l‘ax shall be
an active member. There is no provision for lune-
tlve members.

liuy That Insurance

As yet very few people have signed up for insur-
ance. Since it. now is the only way to get more than
$15.00 protection We can only advise evm‘yone to gel,
it as soon as possible. As far as we have been able to
ascertain. there is no small print in the policy and
can only see it as good business to obtain such security
against medical expense. The insurance table will
be in Huosted for another Week.

 

 

 

     

..
_ 

I: -‘

V

 

 

 

 FroshTo Competg Witches Howl, Students Dance

As Commuters' Soc-Hop Nears

'OTATI COLT-[OI um. FRIDAY. OCT. Suhlm‘“: I '

in Rivalry Field Events

Feature Banner Hunt
in Afteroon Events

Robert K. Wilcox, Chairman of
Campus Day activities. has an-
nounced than campus weekend will
start at 10 A. M. tomorrow on the
Page Hall field. The first event is
to be the rivalry fight between the
freshmen and Sophomore girls. At
11 A. M. the men of the two classes
will continue the rivalry field
events. The Banner Hunt begins
at 12:45 P. M. when all members
of the rivalry classes will meet in
lower Draper to hear the reading
of the rules.

Wilma Diehl, ’48, President of
Women’s Athletic Association, will
take charge of all the women’s field
events. Sophomore girls under
Ruth Matteson, '49, WAA manager
for the Class of 1950, and Eleanor
Adams, ’50, are to compete with the
freshman girls under Audrey Wal-
ler, '51, in a fifty yard dash. tug of
war and in relay races. Two points
will be awarded to the class win-
ning three out of five women’s field
events.

To Supervise Men’s Events

John F. Dooley, '48, President of
Men’s Athletic Association, will
command the field at 11 A. M. to
supervise the men’s events. Ben-
jamin Jackson and Harold Vaughn,
Sophomores, are to lead the Sopho-
more men. The rival class Will be
under Harvey Mills, '51. Men’s
field events include a tug of war,
football passing at 15 yards for ac-
curacy. long distance passing. long
distance kicking and a four-man
relay. The class winning three out
of five events receives two rivalry
points.

After the lunch recess, members
of Myskania will meet with the
freshman and Sophomore classes
for an official reading of the rules
of the Banner Hunt in the lower
hall of Draper. The actual Hunt be-
gins at 1 P. M. and Will come to a
close at 4:30 P. M. The banners are
to be hidden twenty-four hours in
advance according to the rules of
Banner Rivalry. Anthony Procillo,
President of the Class of 1950, Ben-
jalnin Jackson and Richard Feath-
crs, Sophomores, will lead their
class in the hunt for the banner.
Five points will go to the class find-
ing the rival banner and keeping it
until Moving-Up Day. Myskania
members will be on duty all hours
during the Hunt.

’I‘o Crown Queen

On Saturday evening the Camp-
us Day Queen is to be crowned by
last year’s Queen. Sally Johnson.
She will then preside over the Soph-
i‘rosh rivalry skits. During the
dancing in the gym following the
skit presentation, Alice tPrlndle.
President of Student Association,
will present the Campus Day Cup
to the class having the highest
number of points.

Campus weekend activities are to
close with a State College Sunday
at St. Peter's Episcopal Church at
11 A. M. on 105 State Street. Dr.
Milton G. Nelson and the president
of SCA will participate.

Btimer To Address Alumni

Mrs. Bertha E. Brhnmer, Execu-
tivo Secretary of the Alumni Asso-
ciation and member of the Albany
chapter will speak at the Fall
Luncheon of the Washington
Branch of the Alumni Association
on Novomber l, in Washington, DC.

Mrs. Thompson Gucrard '22 is
president and Marjorie J. Ward '19
is secretary of the chapter. The
luncheon is being held at 1:00 PM.
at the Kcnucsuw Apartments, Irv-
ing Street, North West. Washington,
I"). C.

a. F. iionikel a Soft

Pharmacists

IITAHLISHHD i006 PNONI 5 Col.

 

l5? CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

OTTO ii. MENDE

Tu: Gnu-Ill leuls
IOS CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ROBERT WlLCOX

 

Donnelly Reports
On New York

Conference Plan

On October 14, the Board of Con-
trol of the Eastern States Associa-
tion of Professional Schools for
’I‘Eachers held a meeting at the
Hotel Commodore in New York
City. Catherine Donnelly. '49. rep-
resented the eleven teachers’ col-
leges of New York State at this
meeting. Present were twelve fac-
ulty representatives and six students
representing the twelve member
states.

The purpose of the meeting was
to draw up plans for the annual
Association meeting which is to be
held in March. Eight hundred stu-
dents and faculty are expected from
the ’73 member institutions in the
twelve states.

The plans for this meeting, the
theme of which is “Freedom
Through Education," consists of a
trip to the United Nations Confer-
ence at Lake Success and several
panel discussions. These panel
groups will discuss the promotion
of freedom in Communication, the
teaching profession and in social,
economic, and political fields. Four
students from various colleges will
lend the discussions.

By COLETTA FITZMOEBIS

Hallowe'en . . . the time of year
when anything can happen. Com-
muters Club members believe this
and are going all out to prove their
point. The result, in case you
haven’t already guessed. is the
traditional Soc-Hop, which will be
held in the Page Hall gym on Fri-
day, October 31, from 8 to 12 P. M.

The entertainment will feature
Jeb Prouty and his RPI orchestra
and callers for Round and Square
dancing. The decorations, in keep-
ing with the theme will feature a
barn scene, and to add atmosphere,
cider and donuts will be served. Ad-
mission to this event will be grant-
ed on condition . . . on condition
that you can afford $.50, and that

List Activities
For [Who's \X/iiol

IContimred from Page 1, Column ll

of Forum. Student Board of Finance,
Secretary of statesmen, President
Student Liberal Club.

Patricia Tllden—Chairman WAA
winter carnival, Class Big-8 com-
mittee. arrangements for Junior
prom.

Alice Williams—Myskania, Stu-
dent Council, Director of Intercol-
legiate Association of State Teach-
ers' Colleges.

Eloise Worth—Myskania. chair-
man Frosh Camp. Chairman Cam-
pus Day, Chairman of State Fair.

Gerhard Weinberg - Conference
planning committee for 100, Debate
Council, head of Constitutional com-
mittee. Student Council.

Curtis Pfaff — Inter~Fraternity
Council representative, Secretary of
Kappa Phi Kappa, Banner Hunt
Chairman, AD and ED plays, Presi-
dent of Van Derzee, Chairman Jr.
Prom decorations, MAA Council.

Dorothy Skelton Piaff—Co-Editor
of the Pedagogue, News, circulation
and advertising staffs, Pierce Hall
State Fair Chairman. Entertainment
Commitete Junior Banquet, SA
Cheerleader, Big-8 Committee.

Alice Prlndle — Myskania, Presi-
dent of Student Association.

Ellen Rochford—Managing Edi-
tor of State College NEWS, Editor
of Frosh Handbook. Primer Business
Staff, Undergraduate Editor of
Alumni Quarterly, Big-8 and Cam-
pus Day skits, Publicity committee
for Junior Prom.

Ruth Seeibaeh——Myskania, Secre-
tary of Intersorority Council, Com-
mittee for Inter~fraternity-Interso-
rority Council, Committee for Inter-

 

 

BOULEVARD

198 200 CENTRAL. AVENUE

PHONE 5-1913

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL"

GAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. V

 

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

 

 

 

 

 

185m“) I»!

(M  "4411".
Home Made lCE CREAM
SODAS —— CANDY — SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Dally

orsu mm as a a. it.

 

 

 

 

‘ x

you will check your shoes at the
door. sporting only bright socks as
foot appareh The most striking
pair of socks will entitle the owner
to the door prize. so don't forget
to dig out those‘old sky-blue pink
polka-dotted angoro “jobs” tonight,
will you? ‘ _

Supper will be served for the
Commuters from 5:30 to 7:30 P. M.
in the Lounge, so that all the mem-
bers will have the chance to get
together. and save much unneces-
sary travel and expense. Jane Con-
do, Marlon Oliver and Mary Alice
RegapsOphomores, will take charge
of this supper and a slip will be
placed on the bulletin board for in-
terested members to sign up.

Committee heads for the party
are: .James Coles, '51, Publicity;
June Peters and Ann Gourley, ’49.
Tickets; Harold Tunkel, ’50. Deco-
rations; Mary Alice Rega, '50, En-
tertainment; Estelle Siegel, '49. Re-
freshments; Mary Bacher. ‘49. Shoe
Checking; Marcia Quinlan. '51.
Clean-Up; and Lee Salanl, ’48, Re-
ception. , ,

The chaperones that will be pres-
ent are Mr. and Mrs. Harper Beat-
ty, of the Education Department,
Dr. Vivian Hopkins, English In-
structor, and Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Mason, also of the Education De-
partment.

With plans like this, how can the
Soc-Hop be anything but a suc-
cess? Come on, Kids, quit resisting
temptation, put away those books
and prove that you still believe in
Hallowe’en. . . . I’ll see you at the
Commuters Club country dance in
your best "Hoe-down" clothes.

 

fraternity - Interseyority Council
Ball.

WALTER SCHICK — Vice-Presi-
dent of M.A.A., Varsity basketball
intramural sports.

Rita Shapiro—Myskania, Presi-
dent of Debate Council,

   

 

f t, i I ‘

 

’ Student interest .

in New Course. '
i Need Practical Elective

in College Curriculum

A poll taken by the State Col-
lege News this Week revealed that
a number of students'are interested
in including a course in: Home
Nursing and First Aid in the curri-
culum. The question “Ifa course
in Home Nursing and First Aid was
offered. next year as an elective.
would you be interested in taking
it?", was asked of freshmen and
Sophomores. A few typical replies
are as follows:

Carol Winter-0th, ’51 -- Yes. I
think it would be ran-invaluable aid
for those of us who are away from
home. '

.Valarle Culver, '5l-—Yes. As po-
tential teachers and parents. we
should be prepared in case an em-
ergency arises.

Marie DeCario. ’50—Yes. This
course would be more practical
than some offered now.

Emily Rose, '51—Yes. A similar
course was offered in the Senior
Scouts and I would like to follow
it up.

Louise Klingman. '50 ~— I would
like to take it if I had the time.

Sally Giaconia, '50 —— Yes. It
should be a worthwhile course, es-
pecially for those who haven’t had
it in high school. _

Joan Keyton, ’50—Yes. It would
be an excellent aid to teaching.

Joan Gates. '5l—I have taken it
before and would advise everyone
to take it at some time.

Grace Friedman, ’50 —— Yes. It
would not only be helpful in teach-
ing but in marriage.

Liai Lee. ’50—If I can fit it into
my schedule. I think it should be
worthwhile.

 

an: Is

More

COCA-COLA NilW

"Coke"

PLEASE return
empty bottles promptly

‘

IONIC “ND” AUTHOIITY OiI

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING

 

'x'

  
“:7  I

Ail-for it «filler way . . . tot}:
rrodwmrrk: mean (It: more Ming.

me cococou courmv IV
CO.

0 "‘7 Th. C-C Ce.
m

     

