 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 

   
 
  
  

 

ametmw... .- 

- mm’

 

iii-Au a

Let'S‘Remeniber . . .

At the beginning of the week, boxes were placed
at various points in the halls for the orphan’s pres-
ents. Age groups were issued in last week’s NEWS
and announced again in assembly.

cumulated little else but a mass of Cigarette butts.
Confident that the cigarette butts ‘will add very
little to the orphan’s Christmas spirit, we hereby
make a desperate plea for presents.

There is no point in our giving a big sob story
about the spirit of Christmas and the grand and
glorious feeling gained from giving rather than
receiving. In the first place. no one would listen
and in the second place, it shouldn’t be necessary.
No one is asking for an expensive gift—just a little
something to let the kids know that they still have
some friends left at State.

Many of the students have done a great deal for
the children at the Albany Home this year. SMILES
has sponsored weekly excursions to the Eagle thea-
tre on Saturday mornings, some students have
taken groups of the children out for the day, and
one sorority on campus took a group to the plays
'Tuesday night along with their pledges. But these
students can’t be expected to do it all.

Outings such as these involve time and money,
but no one is asking you to invest in such complex
undertakings. All we’re asking is that you buy one
small gift which will cost approximately 25c.

The children look forward to this party each
'year and if the present boxes are as popular next
week as they have been this week, Santa Claus
won’t strain a single muscle carrying them to the
Home.

In other years contributions have yielded 4-6
presents apiece for the children. From the looks

‘ .of things, this year will yield 4-6 presents in all.

Maybe the shortage of contributions isn‘t inten-
tional. Maybe we’ve just let it go ’till the last
minute or just forgotten it in the rush of pre-
',Christmas tests. But let’s remember!

It might be a bit embarrassing to try to explain
to a group of children that Santa Claus was a bit
hard up this year.

'  Vote Oi Thanks

Tomorrow night’s activities will culminate the
. plans and work of many months and State‘s ever-
sounding plea for something big will have finally
materialized with the Christmas Semi-Formal.

Inter-Sorority and lnter-Fratrenity Councils
rested a great deal of faith in the students at State
when they proposed a project as big as this one

' and the committee in charge deserve much for the

_' tremendous amount of work they (lid.

No matter what the outcome of the dance is.
and we’re sure it will be a huge success. the groups
involved rate a rising vote of thanks from the whole
of Student Association.

 

tlAlt CC LLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
'y the Class ol1918
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
December 12, 1047

 

Vol. XXXII No. 12
\il'lliiici‘ Distributor

Associated l‘oiieglnte l'resa (.‘otlegiale Digest

'i'ilt titulergrnduate newapnper ot‘ the New York State Co|~

lege t'or 'l't'ttt'liel‘H; published every Friday oi‘ the college
year hi he NEWS lioarii l'ot' lhe Student Association.
Phones: May. 2-liilfl; ('olemnn and lloeht'nrd,15-0120: Zlnnl,

3-053“; t.‘|nrir 2-0870. Members of the news staff may be
roaehed ‘i'iles.. and Wed. from 7 lo li;:ltl l‘. .\l. at it till)?

 

The News Board

ANN MAY . - - - . - EDITOR-IN-cmzr
CAROL CLARK - - - - MANAGING canon
ELLEN ROCHFORD - - - - MANAGING EDITOR
PAULA TICHY - - - - - - IPORTI lolron
’RANCEB ZINNI CIRCULATION MANAOZR
RITA COLEMAN . . . . . ADVERTIIING
CHARLOTTE LALLY - - - Buamaee mamoen
lLBlE LANDAU - - - - AIIOCIATI abiron
JEAN PULVER - . - - - AIIOCIATI aolron

J'AN SPENCER AIIOCIATI IDITOR

 

Al eotwnaaicatloan should he addressed to the editor and
mum m.- smued. Names will be withheld upon request.
'1“ N'I'A’l'lv} t'til,l.l'i(ll'l NEWS lllﬂllllltm no responsibility
[or opinions extreaaetl in it» columns or eoauuuaicatloas
.. uueu uxlll‘lmﬂuiin do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

W9

 

flame did not burn brightly this
week. The first production kindled 9.

STATE COLLIGI NIW..FRIDAY. DEC. 12.1947

,4 am 4m” 7/... can”,

missed by the audience because of

By ARLIENE RIDER

 

With bowed head, humble heart the inept and ineffective use of

spark that flickered unsurely and
at several instances threatened to
die out. This perhaps was not solely

erous occasions proved his ability
to save the day by his thoroughly
convincing characterizations.
For Advanced Dramatics, the performance in the last few me-
ments of the play proved unusually
real if not genuinely moving.

and profuse apologies to the acid- lighting.
tongued wit who upon occasion has
inhabited this space, I shall doln the t
black cloak, lunch voluptousy on
One week has passed and the boxes have ac- venom and attempt to give hot_foots
as efficiently as he.

A word of tribute must be paid
0 Fred Baron who has upon num-

A compliment to Bev Sittig for

her clever set. Her play, although
amusing at times, nevertheless drag-

the fault of the varied bit-players, god in tempo and fell flat at the
but rather due to the limited scope end. Ellen Fay livened the evening
of the drama they attempted to pre- with her charming bit, as did Earle
sent. Perhaps the members of AD. Jones, who seemed to inject in his
would be wise to heed this criticism, role a quality often smothered by
which has been voiced by many, the spurious antics of the portrayers
time and again, and in the future, of the drama—namely, the human
attempt to choose those vehicles touch.

which will more aptly display their

talents and prolonged efforts. Aside frostbite and
winds, the

from the general slowness of pace,

But for those of us who braved
the icy December
evening’s productions

it seems unfortunate that the climax managed to kindle a spark that left
in the second scene was completely us merely lukewarm.

 

 

 

Made
3%

 

“Romeo & Juliet"

Humphrey Bogart, or, I Don’t Want kicked the bucket.

To Walk Without You, Baby.
)li it 4' It

This Romeo is a pretty boy from
the Montague gang, see? He digs a
rumor that the Capulcts a rival
mob, are giving a big blow-out that
night. So he ankles down and cases
the joint. He's getting a line on
all the chicks. but this one tomato
has him really bamboozled. She hits
him where he lives. She’s been giv-
ing him the once-over likewise. so
they mosey up to each other and
start slinging it. But there's a hitch
to the whole set-up. This babe is
none other than Juliet. daughter of
old man Capulet. and the apple of
his squinty eye.

 

1

By JEAN INESON __________——-

as told by and makes her look like she just

Her family is
really buffaloed, and they even pack
her away in the family vault.

Now Romeo, see, doesn’t have the
cold scoop that Juliet is only pulling
a fast one, so he comes to the vault
for a final peek of his moli’s lips.
Then he takes some real poison, the
straight goods, and kicks off. Just
then Juliet opens her baby—blues,
sees lover boy conked, and figures
that this is definitely not her night
to howl. So she takes Romeo's rod,
see, and lets herself have it right
between the eyes.

But there's a moral to the story,
yet. The Montagues and the Capti-
lets have a confab over the tomb,

After the brawl ‘5 Overv Romeo and become real palsy-waisy for the

gives his buddies the slip, and makes
a hide-out in the Cnpttlet garden,
under Juliet's window. Just by acci-
dent, see, Juliet is taking a little spin
out. on her balcony, and giving the
stars the low-down on how she's
really a goncr for this handsome
clan of a Romeo. (Naturally, the
dumb bunny doesn't realize that
he‘s right below her. getting an ear—
ful.)

"Romeo, Romeo, where are yotl
hiding out tonight?" she moans.

“Cut it, girlie. cut it, here I am.
But tell me, are you really warm for
my form?”

"That's the straight dope I'm
handing you, lover. Whaddaya say
we get hitched?"

Romeo's arm has been twisted, so
they figure out an angle. Next clay
they call Juilet‘s hag of a nurse, and
Friar Lawrence, a cloth-and-collar
man. in on the deal. Everything is
copasetic. so Juliet becomes Ro-
meo's bail and chain.

Romeo is returning home after his
stroll up the aisle. see, when he has
a little run-in with a character by
the name 01 Tybalt, who is one of
the Capttlet boys. ’l‘ybalt has it in
for Romeo l'or sticking his fat nose
in on the Capulet party. But Romeo
makes it hot for him and finally
bumps him off.

This is not gonna look good for
Romeo on the police blotter, so he
takes it on the. lam and beats it up
to Juliet’s room. They pitch woo
until the wee hours. Then Juliet
gives him a sendoff to some dead
burg until this all blows over.

But things really start to get
screWed up when Juliet/s old man,
not on the inside track about Ro-
meo making time with Juliet, de-
cides to pair her off with Paris,
some Jerk who has pull with the
wheels. Juliet says nix to that deal,
and starts pulling strings to get
herself out; of this rhubarb. Like a
smart cookie she decides to play pos-
som. She gives herself a shot of
poppy powder that knocks her out

sake of the two stiffs.
Jeez.

31“!ch

Recommended Men’s Athletic Asso-
ciation Varsity Basctball Budget

1948-1948
item—«Basketball (Varsity
A. Expenditures

  
 

    

 

 

1. Equipment  . $770.00
2. Janitors ..  .... .. 81.00
3 Transpt‘n‘tntior  . 850.00
4. Officiating .    280.00
5. Board and Lodging  650.00
6 Dry, Cleaning. Laun-
dry. etc.    35.00
7 Taxes ., ,. 40.00
8. Pedagogue 40.00
9. Printing 100.00
10. Guarantees 100.00
11. Miscellaneous 25.00
Total Expenditures ............. .. $3,171.00

D. Income other than
student approprlailons——-$400.00
l. Guarantees 200.00
2. Gate Receipts  _ 200.00
C. Necessary Student Appropriation
$277l.00

  

tSignedI
JOHN DOOLEY, Pres.
JOSEPH ZANCHELLI, Act. Trees.

NEWS Taker Rest; No Issue

There will be no issue of the State
College NEWS next week, due to the
The next issue
will be published the first week fol-

Christmas holidays.

lowing the vacation.

0 \
5144“! Man a Bluff
______ By EUGENE MeLAREN __
This Reporter is given the widest latitude as author

of this column, although his viewpoints do not neces-
sarily reflect those of the Sears COLLIGI News.

ms WELL noun

Congratulations and bouquets this week go to

Beverly Free and the entire staff of the 1947-1948

College Directory for a job well done. In particular
.the addition of a “Who To See Who For" section,
though we won’t vouch for the English, should prOVe
very useful, particularly to the underclassmen. The
general arrangement was good. the printing clear
and readable, and it appeared in plenty of time to
use to send Christmas cards.

BASKETBALL BUDGET

Next year’s varsity basketball budget will be pre-
sented in assembly this morning by MAA. As decided
last year it is presented now to allow MAA to schedule
games and make guarantees for next year without
violating Article 10, section 3d. of the constitution per-
taining to an organization spending money before it
has it. This budget is slightly higher this year due
mainly to increased transportation costs. Though this
item may appear large in comparison to others in

, the budget, it finances one of the largest and most

important inter-collegiate activities and one we be.
lieve Well worthwhile.

THEY PLAY ALONE

Our Basketball team plays two games away this
weekend. It is unfortunate that they will not be able
to attend the Christmas Semi-Formal, and that the
student body is unable to send a cheering section
with the team. We hope this can be done for the
next away games in January. In the meantime, this
weekend, we can support the team by renewing the
tradition of sending the team good luck telegrams. To
all sororities, fraternities, other student organizations
and individuals, the address today until six o'clock is
Hotel Vermont, Burlington, Vt. Send telegrams to-
Michael’s College. Winooski, Vt. Send telegrams to-
morrow to Middlebury College, Middlebury, Vt.

WHO WANTS A JOB?

We are intrigued by the U. S. Civil Service an-
nouncement on the main bulletin board opposite the
registrar's office, concerning the available openings
for various classes of elevator operators at 90-950 per
hour. It hardly seems likely that it is held up as a
goal, something to give incentive to work hard and
graduate with honors, as no honors are required. Also
no degree is required. As a matter of fact, there is no
mental requirement as far as written exams go. Maybe
it‘s there as an example of what might happen if
you don't study.

 

All those who signed up for timse address books
with the ball schedule on the front had best pick
them up from Pat Dooley, ’51. before next Tuesday.
They will then be sold, first come. first served.

 

Cards are disappearing from the Commons at an
alarming rate. Campus Commission is just about out
of money to replace thorn so there will be none. unless
people start remembeﬂng to leave them where they
found them when they are finished.

SGT—SANTA CLAUSE TIME

Just to keep us from giving false information, there
will be wool available next week given by SMILES to
be knitted into small articles for the children at the
Albany Home. Also the Myskania boxes still have lots
01' room so don‘t hesitate to play Santa Claus for the
kids and drop in a small article.

llAl’l’Y HOLIDAY

We hope all 0111' readers have a very pleasant; vaca-
tion, a Merry Christmas, Happy New York and loads
of fun. See you next year.

 

College Calendar - - -

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 12—
8:00 P.M.—-Commttter's Club Christmas party, Com-
mons.

SATURDAY. DECEMBER 13
8:15 P.M.—IVCF‘ Meeting, Lounge, Dr.
keel, speaker.
9:00 PM.-rAInter-Frateritity & Inter-Sorority Bull.
Armory, with Claude 'I‘hornhill's Orches-
tra.

SUNDAY, DECEMBER Ill
0100 P.M.——S.C.A. Christian
Chapel.

'I'IIESDAY, DECEMBER i0
3:30 P.M.~Connnerce Club Meeting. Room 301.
3:30 P.M.~AIZI“A panel discussion of Palestine de—
cision, Lounge.
7:30 PM: Christian Science
ing, Room 109.
7:30 P.M.~ Language Clubs Christmas party, Lounge

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17
8:00 P.M.—~Cln'lstmas Big-«l, sponsored by religious
clubs, Page Hall.

THURSDAY, DECEMBER. 18
3:30 P.M.~IVCF Bible Class, Room 150, Mrs. C. R.
Traver, Speaker.
6:00 P.M.-—Christmas party at Albany Home for
Children.
8:30 P.M.——Sorority date and "hen" Christmas par-

 

H. S. MD-

Unitarian

Chapel,

Organization Meet.-

The NEWS staff, therefore, takes “as.
this opporunlty to wish evaryone a

“Merry Christmas and a Happy

New Year."

FRIDAY, DECEMBER to
3:30 P.M.—~Vaeatlon begins.

 

 

 

l’it'ioriztl
 Supplement
l

l.AAA.kA‘-AA

  
    
   
    

  

  

Christmas 1 '

i
i.
i
A ‘
: t l' ormal

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

  
  
 
  
 
 
   
   
    
  
   
   
  
    
   
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
   
  
   
  
    
 
  
   
      
  
   
 
  
     
 
 
 
 
  

    
    

 i‘iitiitti ii

rilit‘l'l ,_,it

Kappa l‘leia

S'l'.\.\' | .I'IY .\lill.~\ .\l.\'

       
       
 
       

i'l‘t nt- litter-I‘l'ntel'niti' t'otttu'il

  

   

i,
\(Sfl'i

1*: i ‘, 21M:

 

’I..illllllt lxztltlut l’ltl

 

 

. 

 

lit-ta Zeta

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HA lll‘.;\. ii.-\ (tilt)

 

 

 

 

 

lite-x Hi illii'l—C‘wi'til‘iii ('titlllt'ii

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
     
  

l’lii
Doha

 

Kappa
Delta

 

 

i’lN Slil‘l'l‘t‘lll'lb‘a
ity t‘utht'ine lionneliy

 

