 

     
 

 

. Both Pan Amigos and Commerce
Club‘ have scheduled eVents this
Week. These plans include a busi-
ness meeting and bowling party.

Bertha Wakin, '47, president of

Roberta Van Auken, president of

on her trip to Mexico and the work

attend.

Miss Wald“ also announce‘i that elective for majors or minors in
Senor Francisco Merana, who was English, languages or social stud_
to be the EueSt 0f Pan Amigos at ies); and Spanish 2, Intermediate
this meeting, will attend the meet- Spanish
, . Each student should register for
an expert on Latin American muSlc. two of the following courses sched_

Commerce Club will sponsor a uled for
bownng party ThurSday' Apr“ 27' yielding two credits each. The ex-
“ 7:00 P- M‘ in the Playdium' Elc' eeptions are Biology 22 and Spanish
corddmg to Now Vimmemtedt' 47' 9 which count as 2 courses. Bl 22,
President of the club. All commerce Plant biology; Hy 4a, American Pol_
Sti‘dentsn facuuyv and “lends are itical and Social Institutions; Co.
invited to attend. Those who \VlSl 6a, BUSmess Law; F1, 109' Advanced
to attend should sign up on the French Composition: MEL 22’ College
bulletin board on the third floor Algebra;
Law; Sp 9a, Compasitlon, Elemen-

ing on May 13 instead. Merana is

of Draper.
Foreign Born Students
To Relate Experiences

John Jennings, '49, chairman of course;
Inter-Group Council, has announc- com-so; pp 115, French Civilization;
ed that the Council will act as host Ma 23' Trigonometry; pg 113, Amer-
to the Albany Intercultural Gl‘Oul) ican Parties and Politics; and Sp 9B,
MOIldRIY. Apl‘ll 16. at 8130 PM. All Composition, Elementary,

The following courses are offered
meeting at which foreign born stu- from 10:10 to 11:00 daily and yield
dents of the Albany area will speak. 2 credits; Bill 9, Field Biology, Hy

Among the colleges sending rep- 141'
rcsentati‘ves to this meeting are 00 109. Business Correspondence;
Union.St. Rose. RPI. and State. The Fr 110, French Phonetics; Ma 111,
students Wlll Speak 0n ltllell‘ 0X“ Mathematics of Statistics; PS 215,
periences in their forlner homelands stale and
and on the government and 0113- New York; and 5p 110A, Composi-
toms of these countries. The speak- lion Advanced,

'49 To Present Big-8

(Continued from Page 1, Column 5)

The hospital, located on the top
of the mountain, was originally a
. sanitorium conducted by the
etropolitan Life Insurance Com-
During the war, however, it

students are invited to attend this

ers from State will be Ilse Gluck-
studt, ’49, and Heinz Engel, ’50.

Refreshments will be served at
the meeting.

To Hold Nominations

In Today's Assembly g;

(Continued from Page 1, Column 1) puny.
dent Board of Finance, presented Wu“ converted

the new budget for the coming your.

Gerhart Weinberg, '47, and Jo
Pulvcr, '49, were appointed to at-
tend the Russell Sage Conference

April 25-26 which will discuss all (“1‘80"-

g/Im/ Mes/ﬂ

CONTI CASTILE SHAMPOO

Till TREASURE liﬂlli

loading Slurs of the Molropoliian Opora
Liclci Albatroso ' Jan Peerco - Francesco Valentino
Dorothy Kirsten - Riso Slovons

campus activities including student
government, publications, inter-
faith, and draniatics.

A committee with Catherine Don-
nelly, ’49, as chairman, was appoint"—
ed to conduct a drive to send rc—
lief to Nymegcn, Holland. Other
members of the committee are Alice
Pl'lndle, and Alice Williams, '47, and
Earl Jones and Arnold Rice, ‘50.

Philip Lashinsky, '47, was named
lll charge of a committee lo head
a cancer drive in State College. Stu-
dents who will work on this com-

mittee are Agnes McIntyre and Rose

Berg Cloldslone, Sophomore. and
Gloria Gilbert, '48.

STATI COLE-[OI NI-WI. .FRIDAY. APRIL 1.. "13.47

 Nelson Releases
f'ﬁril Activates s
Class Schedule

IGontlmied from Page 1, Column 1)

Each student should register for
Pan Amigos“ has announced that one of the following courses, each
the club will hold a meeting Tues-y of which is scheduled {or 11:10.
day' Apr” 22' at 7‘30 PM" in the to 12:30 Monday through Friday
Lounge. At this time nominations and 1.10 to 2:00 Monday through
Wm be held for new” year's Officers' Thursday and yields six credits: Ed.
10, Junior Psychology and Educa-
Pan Amigos 19‘“ yea“ Wm Speak tion; English 3, English Literature;
120, Ancient Civilization, (1st 4
she has been doing in the Albany weeks); Hy 121’ The Middle Ages,
schools. All students are invited to (2nd 4 weeks); Gk 203’ Greek Limp

400M 0n 7/” 4%

hospital on Mt. McG‘regor.

Moving-up Day is scheduled for
May 9.

son conference of Eastern states
will be held at Silver Bay, New York
from June 14 to 24. Mary Telian,
’47, president of State College SCA
has been appointed chairman of
the conference.

On Saturday, April 28, Pierce
all will hold its annual Jonquil
Hop. Shiela McGinnis, ’48, is gen-
eral chairman of the affair.
Bertha Wakin, ’47, President of
Pan Amigos, has announced that
the club will present Senor Fran-
cisco Merana who is an expert in
Latin-American music, on May 13.

annual spring concert May 10, ac-
cording to Mary Harvey, '47, presi-
dent. The orchestra and choirs will
be presented under the direction
of Dr. stokes, Professor of Music.

On May 1, the Sophomore Class
will present its Big-8, “And Four to
Go” for the veterans at the rest

SMOKING
PLEASURE

ummer Session H

HY

8:10 to 9:00 daily and

A

MW MS sauna

tary.

The following courses are offer-
(. from 9:10 to 10:00 daily and
yield 2 credits: B122, Continuation
of course; Hy 4b, Continuation of
GB Continuation of

American History,

Local Government

 

at, there are up-
an proximately four hundred veterans

is also located on Mt. Mc-

 

 

 

 

 

S'I’ARRING IN
DAVID O. SELZNICK‘S
“DUEL IN THE SUN"

WITH THE TOP

HOLLYWOOD STARS

CHESTERFIELD IS

‘THE BIG FAVORITE

 

 

ilTTIl ii. Miiiiiiii

THE COLLEGE JEWELE"

103 CENTRAL AVE

Exciting Contest Fooiurel
Win 3 Days In New York
ALI. EXPENSES PAID

Every Thursday Night
WABY —- 9:30 P. M.

 

 

 

 

 

Where all the Students Meet
gar/7101c.
Swear Slaw

785 Madison Ave.

{Celt-«a4 1" ” "l

Home Made ICE CREAM

 

 

" iIESTERFIELD

ALL cvaa AIMERICA-CHESTERFIELD is was:

SODAS -- CANIH’ M SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Daily

COME.“ SMBKWW‘

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

MOPEN DAILY AT I A. H.

Copyright l‘)-l", lionlii iii Milli: Tull/uni Cu.

 

 

 

 

 

e

‘ K

Nerd/Wm

 
   
     

  

 

. . it.

 

2-444

ALBANY. NEW

YORK. FRIDAY. APRIL 23. 1947 VOL. XXXl'ﬂO‘illﬁl.

 

SA Candidates
Will Disclose

. Election Aims

Campaign Managers
To introduce Speakers

in Today‘s Assembly

Candidates who are running for
the positions of president, vice-
president, secretary, and grand mar-
shal of Student Association will
make speeches disclosing their plat-
forms in Assembly this morning.
Each candidate's speech will be pre-
ceded by a one minute talk by the
campaign managers.

Alice Prindie, Alice Williams, and
Eloise Worth are competing for the
Presidency of Student Association.
Their managers are Harold Gould,
’47, and Fred Root and Stanley Ab-
rams, Juniors. In competition for
the oiTic‘e of Vice-Presidency are
the Sophomores, James Brophy,
managed by Donald Lansky, ’49,
Joseph Francello by John Lubey,
‘49, Robert Kittredge by Anthony
Prochilo, ‘50, Agnes McIntyre by
Ellen Rochiord, ’48, Gifford Win-
gate by John Jennings, '49, and Jo-
seph Zanchelli by Judith Dube, ’47.
those from the present freshman
class who are running for Secretary
are Geraldine Cooperman with
Harold O’Meara, ’49 as manager,
and Alice Reilly supported by Rob-
ert Wilcox, ’40. Also running for
the office are Diane Webber, who
is being managed by Robert Merritt,
’49, and Rose Mary Willsey by Clif-
ford Thorne, ’49. Candidates from
the Class of '48 for Grand Mar-
shal are Rita. Shapiro, whose cam-
paign manager is Edith Dell, and
Helen Kisiel and Mary Jean Car-
ver who have chosen William Lyons
and John King respectively as their
managers.

Other candidates for Student As-
sociation oﬂ'iees who are not re-
quired to make campaign speeches
are Margaret Franks, Jeanne Gcbo,
Audrey Koch, and Marjorie Smith,
competing for college song-
lcader. Those who are seeking to
be elected college cheerleaders are
Gladys Hawk. ’48, Mary Chclltham,
Jacqueline Farrell, Joan Incson,
Patricia Rourke, and Margaret Sca-
nliln, Sophomores, Evelyn Kamar-
durck and Joan Kcyton, ‘50. Four
members from the present Junior
class will be elected to Student
Board of Finance for which posi-
tion Mardcll Brusic, Elaine Clutc.
Adl'llnc Fischer, Harriet Hilliard,
Vivian Hillier. Evelyn Jamison, John
Kirby. Theresa Millioney, George
Poulos, Fred Root, Frances Walsh.
and Gcrhart Weinberg are compat-
lng. Two members will be chosen
from the Class of ‘49. Those who
have been nominated from this
class are William Balm, Rodney
Folder. Robert. Hurdt, Eileen Hayes,
Robert Kaiser. Evcrson Kinn, Lucy
Lyllc. William Slioohan. Dolores
Slockcr. Norma Swillycr, mid Clit-

(C(Hlliillll’ll on Page 6, Column :1!

Eight Students

Secure Positions

The names of eight students who
have secured positions through the
Student l'iillploymoilt Iiurcllu have
been released by Miss Mary Albcrts,
head ol‘ the l.llll‘l‘llll. Seniors who
have been placed \\'l‘l‘l' listed as
follow:

Kenneth Ford, will lmu-h Matllo~
matter; at Lowvllic; Mill'y Vnil (‘icld—
or. Maillcnulllcs, Wayland; liobcl'l
Sullivan, (lruduulv, Social Studies,
Will'i'cushlu'll; Sarah Jane Johnson,
English, lilll(il(‘l)ll; Calvin Zippcn
Will work at the Winthrop Chemi—
cal Coililiuny; lil'lty ltosc llilt will
teach English at Middlcport; Wall-
I‘l‘ (i()l'(l()il, lllllllilt‘i’l‘l‘, llocsslcvillc;
lilld James Morrison, Social Stu-
dies. West Winfield.

 

Honor Students Hear
Thompson, Dorsey Jazz

The stately speaker Dr. Harold
Thompson, rose to address the
assembled members of Signum
Laudis . . . and silence reigned.
This distinguished gentleman,
was the very personification of
poise. Slowly, he delved into the
intricacies of modern education.
Suddenly, however, the silent
room was filled with the noise
of a blasting trumpet, and edu-
cation was mingled with Jazz.
The loud speaker had unexpect-
edly found its voice. After many
unsuccessful attempts to out yell
Tommy Dorsey, Dr. Thompson
was relieved to find the loud
speaker had been silenced.'

A second time the distinguish-
ed guest dclved into his subject.
And just as he reached the cli-
max . . . just as the last few
words were being spoken, Mr.
. Dorsey and company broke forth
with jumping jazz.

Though broken in spirit and
weaken-ed with the effort exer-
l cised in restraint, this model of
self-containment finished his
speech and retired gracefully.
And what could Signum Laudis
say? They were speechless.

To Start Drive
ForCancerFunds

At a meeting of Student Council
Wednesday night, the following let-
ter was released for publication:
To Student Association:

No one is safe from cancer! Sta-
tistics prove that cancer is now kill-
ing Americans at the appalling rate
of one every three minutes . . . 21
every hour . . . 504 every day. 1'7,-
000,000 Americans now living are
doomed to die of this dread disease.
This inhuman enemy respects no
law 01' mankind . . . it strikes young
and old alike.

No one is safe from cancer! One
cllt of every eight members of Stu-
dent Association will die this cruel
death unless we act now!

We are asking Student Associa-
tion to pledge $.25 per person. Next
Friday in Assembly, Student Coun—
oil will collect your donation. Please
give unspilringly.

(signed) Student Council.

This drive being conducted by
State College is a part of the na-
tional drive of the American Cali-
ccr Socicly during the month of
April. In accordance with this,
members of Student Council will
take up ll collection during Assem-
bly, next Friday, May 2.

(Coll Ilii and on Page 8, Column 5)

 

 

Pierce SChedules State Appropriates ‘

mags/Wm For New “Student Center
9 U-Sha ed Building Located 0n Western Avenue.

f‘Shteila Plitllaginess, ’48, Chairman T I d R t. c D L

or e erce Hall Jonquil Jump, 0 nc u e ecreo n ' ‘ '

lites fannounced the final plans for N 1 IO enter, onm‘o'ws’ oung‘
e orma . The dance will be held Ii ton G. Nelson, Dean of the College met last Wednesday with

in the Ingle Room from 9 P- M- to the Student Union Board to discuss with the members the plans for

1 A. M., tomorrow ni ht, A rll 26, - . . . .
with Metro Myresko grovidiﬁg the the new Student SOClal Center, according to Gloria. Gilbert, ’48, Chen-
muslc_ man of the lioard. The state has appropriated money for the project
Decorations for the occasion Wm and the preliminary plans have been drawn up.

 

be entirely in green and yellow to The Student Center will be located
suggest Spring. There will be can-

i T I T V. o on Western Avenue between Part-
op 95 0f bOth these colorsl set Off ave O ISIt ridge and Ontario Streets. Accord-

by yellow Jonquils, and the orch- .
estra will have a background of mg to the blueprints' it will be

I I
fresh jonqulls and yellow canopies.   Shaped like a U and will conform

M1,. and Mrs. Kenneth Tlmmep with the architecture used in Sayles
 “Ed M1-_ and Mrs_ ROSwen    and Pierce Dormitories. The Center
tea :1 cimas lilaveeaccepted invitations F F of the U will be utilized as a recre-

S C 1313 loneS. BCCOIdlnguEg  TOMOI‘I’OW ationai center while on both two

Miss Watkins, the head of
chaperone committee. Brandeis Society will have a rep- Sides there Wm be dormitories'

_ rosentative of the Intercollegiate
InﬁissDﬁ%%ligesgaﬁé%£§l ?4%’01;1‘:£; Zionist Federation of America, Miss Building Plans
I I , v v Roz Tavel, visit State College on- On the round ﬂoor hi
annouilgfed the followmg as heads of Sunday and Monday, April 27 and be on a lg 1 in th' w Chiwm
comm 093- l‘leetS ﬂlld programs: 28. Inter-Varsity Christian Fellow- eve w x e dorm wry

 

Jean Heginger ’48' decorations Sm . ' ' Playing fields there in b
I , I I _» i v p has planned a meeting for this ’ w e a large
3:365; Iiczll‘lvg  gilépletilggzé‘lqunts, Saturday night, main dining room seating 300 stu-

. i ' i M" I

lonlee Watkins, '48, and clean-up, Miss Tavel has traveled widely mats “€112 small dining rooms
Jane Knapp, 49. throughout the United States, visit- if? 1 a Slew" nTgl capacity or seventy-
ing I.Z.F.A. chapters in all parts of V9 “101- lere Wm also be 9‘
dag-:8  ($595M Slllfiagl laowvn 319 the country. On Sunday at 3 snack bar and lunch counter. The
girls attend“), wm' b [mi “ 1 tie O'CIOCk She wlll be guest Speaker at first floor plans include a lounge

mm], «Em €112.00 elgve“ a e a special Brandeis meeting, to be m .t . .

51 k 5; limb - » A though the hold at the Jewish Community 0611- w 1 a 5 age at’ one side which may
no .IlOlld e set back at. mid- m. mam. the state Oﬁ‘ice Bundm ). be used for large student affairs.
night this will not be (i tl g
dorm-01.109 until 2.60 ortle m  Al thls gnaw-mg. she will discuss There are also rooms provided for
confus'm,,_‘ ' ’ 0 W0 oonfi Land 113181118 t3011‘. various student activities and check
.‘ .‘ g 5' regon n is . .

Miss Mugmess was sorry that area. All members of State 001- looms {01 men and women' on
this allall' could not be open to all 1080 {1nd the community are invited the seam“ ﬂ°°"’ the” Wm be 3’
Sftaflc (lIoliclg'c lStudents, but the size to attend' ﬁngel gal.“ {room and 3‘ recrea-
o .10 “go om made it. neces_ Monday Brandeis Societ m one room or music or reading.
gull; to “11305.6 the (“nice to Pierce have a meeting for inclnblerswin Plans for ‘1 memcal omce 0“ this
ova“. lagggecaieﬂlldftllellb 1dlates. Houi- Richardson, Room 26’ M 3:30_ Upon floor have also been drawn up. Pub.
able: to bummer: f3" magi?) mg“ ' request, Miss Tavcl will answer in- lication offices will be located here
wme of the r Sm t - » tee P56 dividual questions about I.Z.F.A. also on the third f1 . m m
* e ~en 5 (l0 “0 D {m and give her advice and suggestions ' 001’ lere w

to ﬂlilellfl l0m01'1'0W lllgl‘t- Oil the organization's problem. All be “ mute for the director of the
m“ students who have attended Brun— center: [0W GUCSL rooms and two

will Open Book Exchange ﬁftiesdmcetings in the past are in- large dormitories, one for inch and
- one for women. These guest rooms

Florence Mime, '43, lioud of the Muriel Owens, President of Inter- and dormitories may be used by
Used Book Exclmngo lms announo- Varsity Christian Fellowship, an- commuters, visiting teams or con-
od llml mo Exchange will be open nounccs that the area meeting of l'crcncc delegates.

Tuesday ll‘om 3:30 l-,o 4;30 p_ M, in the month will be held this Satur-

tllc balcony of the Commons. This (lily evening} Aill‘ll 26. at 8 P. M. Appropriations

will give an opportunity for all stu- M 0110 Y-W-CuA-u 5 10(1th Street. Dl'. According to Dean Nelson: money
doing who have books or money in J. Lawrence Kulp of Columbia Unj— has been ﬂ13131'0131‘ll‘llAECl by the State
the Exchange to collect them‘ val-siLy‘ a young inﬂn with u wide only for bill} building of the Center

This will be llw lust clmnco this experience in the field of science, “11d {01‘ the heavy ul‘thleS 0f furni-
semester to collect these items and will present the topic. “Science and lure. The students must pay for
up funds which are not called for 1,110 Blblog All are mulled l0 come the other furnishings themselves.
will no given lo Student Assooln- and bring questions, as well, Dean Nelson also said that the Stu-
tion. Miss Owens also wishes to an- Clem Center “’m be “m as the 001'
“ounce “my, I_V'C.FI.S summer com logo is and that students will have

 

Dr. Jones Return

l'crcncc for all those interested in Consm‘wuble say 1“ “termini”;
the organization will last from 901105"

5 From [Slands- Jun” ,1? "0 Jim“ 3? fl” Cami) Miss Gilbert stated that Student
/ Pinnacle in tile Heidelelgs. Ulnon Bourd considers these pm_

 . . Mmy Tenn“. .41 President of limlnary plans satisfactory and will
WI     S.C.A., has announced that voting ‘10 “‘5 utmost to Md “1 the con'

Folk-lore ol‘ the supernatural, col-
looted by the students at State, has
provided the material for two books
\\‘l‘llll‘ll by Dr. Louis C. Jones. for-
mcr Assistant Professor of English.
The Virgin Islands were his choice
01' a place to work because oi" the
climate illld because it would be a
place away from all obligations and
the distracting influences of life 111
the United Silllcs such as telephone
and radio.

“A \\’l)ll(ll‘l‘llll place," describes his
opinion (if llll‘ Islands. According
lo Mr. Jones lill‘ people were mur-
vclous niul lilo kindest neighbors
he has cvvr known. The natives
lll'l‘ 02‘} colored and poverty-
strickcn but llllll does not hinder
them from being killd. l'olisidcrillh
and sell-reslicrlillg. Particularly, he
expressed admiration for llicir lil-
dependent spirit and it is his be-
llcl‘ llml we should be proud that
they are Americans.

Actually, he wrote two books while
he was away. "Spooks of tile Vill-
lcy,“ a book for boys, will be pub~
lishcd ucxl spring and about the
other our, "Constant Shadows,” lie

structlon oi" the building and to see
that suitable furnishings are pro-
vided.

will take place Monday and Tiles-

H’lllsl not rentile to make any pub- day of next week.

sing comm lnclits. Both books A... - .~ . i
are concerned with the superstitions p1.,.:l((l:_ll?lln%l' Lﬁﬁﬁyl‘, (gifﬁll'mm‘ﬁic'
llboml \VllCllCS- Ghosts and 0W” will be a ConlulunimlBreakfastnext
hllillil‘lllllllli'ill Cl'ClilrlOllS Lilith [10 L0 Sunduy “101-”ng ut  A_ M in;
milk? “1’ l9ll"10l"“ _ the Boulevard Cafeteria. Dean Announces
“131.11Llogtorfi‘ :‘(llijlliltlltﬁlnlllalllzl  Solomon Minsbcrg, ‘47. President F I P

a 1‘ l‘ ~ 9 '; " ol‘ Hillel, announces that Mr. Salu-
1% ‘flilgl‘lcll‘hlollfn‘ilol (lll'OCl UH" bull“ uel Ellrcnhult. a rcprcscnultivc oi‘ ecu  romat'ons
“154311381; ailing," 311101111119 illeilmm‘r the Hilboniui Labor Zionist Youth Millon G. Nelson, Dean of the
wiring.“ gmwllrlmlxlh In“ 00111' oi New York City. will speak at the College. has announced that three
Coopmsmmn hm- thebgnl lhhil‘llii 1‘ Hillel meeting tliis Wednesday at members 01' the facility have receiv-
Of Lhélulm “0 ll.“ “Null Torte 01‘. 3:30. He will discuss Palestine, cm- cd promotions. as provided for in
wow “k‘l J‘ﬂtll WAY W110": phasizing the labor lilovemcnl and the new budget. Two members have
{Wily M dllr 1) ‘ lrll‘lso‘llv.‘ full}: 1"“ discussing the General Labor F‘cd- bccll lirolmitcd from Assistant Pro-
gmmll Mb};  Shulmllét l‘l'llllull. i‘cssors to Professor and the third
entirely to New York State rural  Inhu‘mtm to
lilo. It has a display of all farm (mm Losi Anicies Tues '. H K I “h '
and craft lools, When completed. ' y Dr. Carleton A, Moose, Assistant
ltwill haw life-size models of rlirul Pearl Pics-s. "iii. Chairman of Lost Professor and Supervisor in Sci-
lllc including a stone school house, and Found, has announced that cure in Milne, has been promoted
a completely stocked country store persons who have lost ally articles to Professor and Wallace W. Tay-
uiid a blacksmith shop. Editing the will have one last chance to claim lor, Assistant Professor and Super—
"Ncw York Folklore Quarterly" and them 'l‘ucsdily. April 20, from 2 to visor of Social Studies ill Millie has
directing the Juilior Historical :30 P. M. All articles not claimed been raised to the position of ‘Pl'o-
Clubs located all over the State will at this time will be sold at ll two- lessor. Miss Mary E. Conklhi Ili-
ulso cmupriso part 01‘ his new Job. day auction 'l‘hursdily and Friday. siruclor and Supervisor of English
He clilphuslzcd the fact that the May l and 3, ill the balcony of the in Milne. has received her promo—
(Coililmwdoii Page J, Columuﬁ) Commons. lion to Assistant Professor.

ﬁn

 

 
  

 
 
    
  
 
 


l
l
l

 

 

 

 

