  

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
    

Les Enfants du Paradis”, viewed
 loan advance shewing this Week at
‘ the'Colonia-l theater, proved to be a
refreshing departure from the usual
fare ‘offered to American movie-
30ers.
The story revolves around Bap-
tiste, a mime, and his love for the
beautiful Garance. The two meet
during the Mardi-Gras celebration
in Paris, in the reign of Louis-
Philippe. and Baptiste obtains a job
for the girl at the theater where he
Works. They become stars, in the
pantomine dramas there, but Gar~
ance soon leaves Paris with a no-
bleman to whom she is indebted.
After a five-year lapse, the narra-
tion is picked up again and brought
to a conclusion.

Highpoints of the picture were
scenes in the Funambules theater
where Baptiste, played by Jean-
Louis Barrault, stars in the pa-
geants he has written. The French
actor, in his exaggerated clown suit
and flour-colored makeup, is an un-
range of emotions without the aid
of words.

An unusual device is the projec-
tion of Baptiste’s emotions in the
plot of the plays he writes. In one
disputed expert at portraying a
scene. for example, Gurance plays
the role of an unattainable goddess
wooed by the mime but lured away
by another actor, The action cor-
responds to the actual situation in
that Baptiste loves the actress but
she in turn loves someone else.

A loosely-knitted plot seems to
be the main fault of “Les Enfants”.
The characters drift from one situa—
tion to another with little contin-
uity, and there are often gaps in
the action. It is possible, however,
that at least a part of this lack of
unity is a result of cutting the film
from its original length of over
three hours to about two and one-
half hours.

Shakespeare students will find a
similarity between the Elizabethan
audiences who viewed the Bard’s

 

Must Sign For Ped Today

All students who haven't signed
for their yearbooks may do so any
time today in Huested, according to
an announcement made by Jean
Elting, ’47, Editor of the Pcdagogue.
This will be the last opportunity to
order a copy as the books are ex-
pected to arrive in a few weeks.

 

OTTﬂ ll. MENE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

  

.   it French Movie Primer Members
h;  5.. Comes To Colonial Theatre To Vote Today

 

drama from the “pit” and "the chil
dren of paradise” who constitute the
gallery crowd in French theaters.
Both groups give vent to their emoa
tions freely and loudly during the
performance, and the French film
contains a short but moving bit of
dialogue about this segment of the
audience.

"The Children of Paradise," with
English sub-titles, will be shown
Monday through Friday at the Col-
onial Theater, Central Avenue.
Special student prices will be $.70
and $.50 for the first two perform-
ances and $1.04 and $.70 for the last
show. Student Tickets may be se-
cured from Dr. Marian Smith, as-
sistant professor of French, Miss
Annette Dobbin, Assistant profes-
sor of French. or Murial Griffin,
‘47, President of French Club.

 

Nelson Shows Stale Movie

“Tomorrow’s Teachers,” at movie
depicting life at State College, was
recently shown at the Hotel Penn-
sylvania in New York City by Mil—
ton G. Nelson, Dean of the College,
at the animal Metropolitan District
Luncheon of the Alumni Associa~
tion. The movie was taken in 1943-
44 by Dr. Floyd Hendrickson, As-
sistant Professor of Education. Ten-
tative plans have been made for
booking the picture early in the fall.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“Portraiture At Its Finest"
s w

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

~~

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

811 MADISON AVENUE
TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

GEO. E. NAGENGAST & SONS

Albany’s Favorite Flower Shop

ORCHIDS ~ GARDENIAS —— ROSES
CORSAGES for any occasion

Washington and Main Streets

J. MICHAEL HIPPICK—«State Representative

Telephone 8-0434

 

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

0

 

SODAS — CA NDY

 

 

SWEET SHOP

785 Minimum" Albany, 331:

{@WM and ﬂan/(.4 )
Home Made ICE CREAM

Luncheon Served Daily

OPEN DAILY AT 8 A. M.

—~ SANDWICHES

 

 

(Continued from Page 1, Column 6)

tor and for Literary Editor of the
magazine while Barbara Otto, El-
len Rochford, and George Ponies,
’48, are running for Business Man-
ager. Adrienne Iorlo, and Mary
Hausch, Juniors, and Stella Bog-
danski, and Hilda Rivenburgh,

Sophomores. are competing for the
office of Art Editor. Nominations
for the Literary Board include Ar-
lene Riber, Dante Zaccagnini, Irma
Rosen, and Arthur Collins, Juniors,
and Persia Kockridge. Alvin Fold-
man. Rae Gluckstadt, Harold Mills,
Geraldine Mullaney. Joanne Braun,
Jean Ineson. and Gifford Wingate,
Sophomores. From next year’s
Sophomore class, Christian Lieves-
tro, Francis Andreone, Yolanda
Glockner, Marian Zimmer, David
Mooney, and Martin Bush have been
named to run.

Those from the Class or '48 who
have been nominated for the Art
Staff include Adrienne Iorio and
Mary Rausoh,, and Stella Bogdan-
ski, Hilda Rivenburgh, Theresa So-
lomone, Elizabeth Uline, and Helen
Califano. The freshman class nom-
inees include fPhilip Rose, Ellen
Brown, and Beverly Huber. Those
who have been nominated for the
Business Staff are Barbara Otto,
and George Ponies, ’48, Walter
Schick, and Leonard Skolnich, ’49,
and Ruth Frambach and Norene
Thorson, Class of ’50.

 

ADOLPH KIEFER

WORLD'S RECORD HOLDER

 

voriza TOPS‘

~CHESTERFlElD
m: mam SfiilNG
(icAkmi _
m AMERICA'STOHIGES
m NAIION WIDE, sumr.

: M‘

AND OLYMPIC SWIMMING CHAMPION

     
  
 
  
  
  
 
  

  

SMOKING
PLEASURE

   
 
 
    
    

 
   
  
    
 
  
 
  
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
    
  
   
    
   
  
   
     
  
    
  
   
 
    
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
    
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
   
  
   
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
 
   
  
 
      
 
  
  
   
 
    
    
 
  
 
   
     
    
     

 

     
  
 
  
   
     

 

 

        

 
 

  

 

 

  
  
 
   
   

     
   

     
   

    
 
 

 

boom 6- Mms loucco Col

   

.3

I

      

 

State College News

  

LIBRARY I ’1
STATE COLL rv'i; rca TEACHER
Ahtir‘ll‘t‘i‘, n,  A ,,
LINES FORM
8:30 A. M,

TOMORROW

 

2-444

ALBANY. NEW YORK. THURSDAY. MAY 8. 1947

VOL. XXXI NO. 24

MOVING-UP WEEK-END OPENS TOMORROW;
STATESMEN FORMAL TO CLIMAX ACTIVITIES

Weber Directs

Dance Program
In Page Gym

Two Bands To Play,-
Spring To Lend Theme

The Statesman will hold their an-
nual Moving—Up Day Semi-Formal
dance in the Gym and Commons
Saturday evening from 9 P. M. to
2 A. M., according to Harold chcr.
general chairman. Gus Metro and
his orchestra will furnish music for
dancing in the Gym while the State
Stars will play in the Commons.

Romance is to provide the theme
for the Gym, where a combination
of soft lights and pastel colors will
be employed, together with a variety
of spring flowers. The Commons
decoration scheme is centered
around the traditional May-Pole
with its colored streamers.

Lounge To Be Open

The Lounge will be open for relax-
ation and informal chatting for
those who may not care to dance
all evening long. Vases of flowers
will be placed throughout the
Lounge, made infOimal by dimmed
lights.

Tickets for the dance, which is
open to the entire college. are on
sale at $2.40 per couple, and may be
purchased at the table on the bal—
cony of the Commons through to-
morrow at 3:30.

Faculty to Act as Chaperones

The following faculty members
will act as chaperones for the even-
ing: Dr. Floyd Henriekson, Assist-
ant Professor of Education, and
Mrs. Henrickson; Mr. Arthur P.
Jones, Instructor in Physics, and
Mrs. Jones; Dr. Theodore P. Stand-
ing, Professor of Sociology, and Mrs.
Standing; and Mrs. Kenneth Tim-
merman, Instructor in Chemistry,
and Mr. Timmerman.

The committees include Harold
Weber. ‘47, general chairman; Deco-
rations. George Poulos, '48, and
Benjamin Jackson, '50; and Tickets.
Philip Lashinsky, ‘47.

Fraternities Elect

New Otticers

The Sigma Lambda Sigma. and
Pottcr Club fraternities clccfcd
thcii' new officers for host ycui'. Ac-
cording to George Kunz, '47, and
Gcoi'gc Miller, ‘47. thc rcspccflvc
presidents, the results urc as fol-
lows.

5.14.8. clchcd .I. Mlchncl l-liiipicli.
'47, Pi'csldi'iil; l'tobcrf Wilcox, 'vlfi,
VICU-Pl'i'hlflf‘llll Lyiod ’l‘nylor, 'fifi,
’l‘rcusurcr; Paul Minn, ‘50, iii-cord—
ing Sccrchiry; I'Ii'llW. I‘llilll‘l, 'no, (for—
rcspondiim Si‘i'l'i'illi‘)‘. lioiicrl fioI~
Lomlcy, '49; Abraham Afar/mill),
Til), Allilclli' I)il'c<'liil', .\Il'|lli|l
'I‘hiiycr. and Harold Hill, Hoph.»
iiioi'cs, I’lcilgi- Musicl'o, .i Micimci
I'Il])])ll'li, '«f7. liiclmrd [chair and
(.illl‘ord Wiimalc. HUHIHHIIUI’PM, lnlww
li‘riilcrnify (‘omicil mcmln-r-.

’l‘hc IEiI‘iI’ officcrs for lil-l'l‘lIi-lll
will ln- l"i‘iiiiccs Miiflin, '~lfi, f’rcsi-
dciii; I'Iliiiciic Mciaircn, “if, Vicc-
Pi‘csidcnf; .loscph iiiviono, '~ifi,
'I‘l‘f‘ilhlll‘cl'i liciiiamin Jackson, '.'i(),
(,‘Il'l‘k; l.c\vis Huin‘icrg. 'vlli, Alumni
Sccrclziry; l.indlcy I)c(inrino, 'fili.

 

 

I State Maidens Visit T.oy,~
Contribute Talents To RPI

State stars again . . . this time
in the streets of Troy, under the
banner of RPI. Four State Col-
lege damsels, Helen Kisiel, Lorna
Kunz, Gloria Enea, and Marie
Gricco, mounted the float of Pi
Kappa Phi Fraternity before the
dance at RPI Friday night, dis—
playing their charms to the
friendly citizens of“ the shirt and
collar city. According to all re-
ports, what the girls didn't see
of Troy wasn‘t worth seeing . . .
and they certainly had an advan-
tageous viewpoint.
well known to college students

The float dealt with a subject

. especially State College . . .
that of zeros. Half of thc band-
wagon dcpictcd the joy of knock-
ing down zeros during war. The
other half pertained to a more
intriguing saga . . . how to knock
them clown at college. with the
help of a wife and children. This.
it is understood. is the section of
the float to which the fair rcpu
resentativcs of Slate donated
their talents.

State To Receive
Visiting Colleges
In Debate Meet

State will act as host for the, Stu-
dcnt Assembly of the New York
State Debate Conference, scheduled
for Friday and Saturday. May lf‘,
1?. Mary Ellen Dicncr and Eliza-
beth Rose Hilt. Seniors, are co-
ciiairineii of the Student Assembly.
which has as its headquarters the
Assembly Chamber and Committee
Rooms of the State Capitol.

The goal of the conference is "to
develop techniques by which a num-
ber of individuals can arrive at a
solution reflecting ihc best of
which the group is capable." To
carry out this objcctlvc the Student.
Assembly is organized as n modified
State Legislature. Governor Thom-
as E. Dcwey has been invited to
speak at the open Assembly.

Fifteen colleges and universities

 

 

 

Sophs, Freshmen
To Present Skits

The Sophomore and freshmen
classes will present their Moving—
Up Day skits tomorrow night at
7:30. Harold Mills is directing the
skit for the class of '49, while Rhoda
Riber and Anthony Prochilo arc
directing for the freshmen.

The Sophomore skit is a "immor-
ous fantasy" concerning the ad-
ventures of a gentleman with a dual
personality, played by Dale Wood.

The scene is laid at Schinfhic
High School. Jenn Hoffman is in
charge of chorus direction, and Joan
McCabc. Cuthrinc Doniiclly and
Dorothy Parr arc committee heads
for sets, lights and costumes.

The freshmen skit is ii rudio mys-
tery. with two innin cliiiriicicrs. Vcl'-
onicu Pool and Picrrc liu‘l‘i'inc,
played by Mnrgcric Argus! and
Heinz Engcl. Ruth li‘ruuibuch.
Gloria Sottilc and Marian Kling-
man composc thc icchulcal stuff.

in the state, including Syracuse
University, Cornell University.
Queens College, Rciisscliicr Poly-
technic Institute and Union College.
will have delegates on tho three
connnittocs which have been form-
id. There will be a Committee on
Education to consider bills on teach-
eis‘ salaries. state assistance to lo-
cal school systcms. and the estab-
lishment of a State University. The
second committee. on Veterans' af—
fairs. will coiisidcr vcterans‘ hous-
ing, on-fhc-job training programs,
and educational benefits. The third
commiitcc on the condition of New
York Stati- and its people will cover
othcl‘ stiiic problems which are of
infcrcst [o the delegates.

State College debate council has
named the following people to the
three committees: Committee on
Education. Samuel Scott, ‘48, floor
spcukci‘. Marilyn Thompson, ‘48,
committcc representative; Veterans'
Affairs, Stanley Abrams, '48, floor
spcakcr. George Christy, ‘50, coni-
mificc representative; New York
State and Its People. Eloise Worth.
“iii. floor speaker, and Rita Shapiro,
"ill, committee representative.

 

First Student Elected Myskonio
Closes Year’s Work Tomorrow

Sliilc bccmnc rcul (‘iciiiocrailc lost
your about this time mid (lccidcd to
hold clcciions for its judiciary body.
Willi fl dramatic l'inis, fhc old Mys-
kiiiiin dcsfroycd all its rccords, lll~
i'Ilidllii: us constitution, lcnving flic
ncwlv liiliiiill'd body to floundcr in
tho provcrlnnl son of (lurkncss, and
"\lllli or swim".

’l‘ho firs! sindcnf cicclcd Mys—
knimi didii'i know its purposcs or
|l:.ii\\1i mclhod of doing things, cx-

ccpl for \\'lml was slim-d in tho
Hiudcnl Association (‘onsfiluiion
ll Illlil lo ‘wliil'l from scratch Mys-
liflillfl Illii' fif‘W (llll'l udohfcd lil‘\\'

1min lcs, (‘lllill' fill Ilii' siziuc stills
liil)i‘.‘~, and uciicruily riguivcnzilcd il-
ucll

I‘I\f'l'\ 'l‘ucsdiiy night two mcmbcrs
o1 Ihc cliii- hody cookcd suppcr for
ihc rcmamdcr of tho plulocruls. In
1111' hcginning of flip yciir lhis was
ciirricd oiif \\'lill morc than the us-
ual difficulty. owing to ihc fucl that
ihc old Mysknniu had cvcii gone to
lhc poinl of i'cinovlng ihc official
pots, pans and hot plulc. May wo

:PUH‘T I"le "mm"? FAWN)” Kl'm' add lhiif oiic cdlior of tho NEWS
 Junior I‘tcpl'ciii'illill1W 1” mm" cookctl spaghcfli causing the judic—
F'”“‘"“”-" C"“”“"“- iury to bc unable to talk for the

SL8 members Will hold a picnic iii-xi day or two. They ncvcr know
at Indian Lnddcr on Sunday iiftcl'- bcloi‘c that spaghclii was made from
noon, May 18 at 2-00. All members horses.

and their dates are invited.

The orphans were entertained

ihis ycur according to tradition by
Myskania, and presented a variety
show with the assistance of' the more
laicnicd members of tho student
body. The purchase of a vicirola
wiih Ilic funds providcd by the stu-
(iciils lcnf many a happy hour to
lhc orphans.

Myskiiniii has gi'caily improved
llic tradition of rivalry with lhc rc—
vision of hanncr huni i‘lill's.

For llic first sfudcnf clcclcd Mys-
kuimi lhcy did a prclly good job
in Hip f'rosli—Myslmnm bnskciball
giimc, own if Phil Iiilhlllilh’k)’ didn‘t
phi).

For it whllc wc had a muddy Mys—
kiinia Illicy losi ihc iiig—ii»i\‘iii' with
lIll' li'ilhll'

lfcrc Ihcy :irc:

.lonii llclcn Alvcrson. liiilh Wini-
fred liciitlcy, 'I‘licoiloi'c Itolici't
Combos, James Thomas (‘oiilcy,
('lydc ltciili, 'Ili'milicili ltosc llili,
Lois li'ciic Hutchinson, l’hilip Lash—
iiisliy, Elizabeth Ann Margot, Alicc

Mary Ellen ‘l‘cliaui, Mary Frances
'I‘cssicr.

is as follows:
gmmpy Ayn-mug '43. Jun‘os Bumpy, chccrlciidcrs. and song leaders. The
‘49, Aiillioiiy
Ralph Bt‘llH‘l', Proi'cssor of Mnihc- "lOI'HIHK'h‘ i'l'l‘i'iilolilcs will lic con-
lnuljps' and D1; [10min mom)“; A5- cludcd wllh the forming of class
sistuhl Pi'of'cssoi‘ of Social Siudics, Humcrnls on Pnsc Ficld and tho ivy
arc faculty advisers.

Juniors, Sophomores
Slate Annual PICNICS 01‘. III which all four classes will

classes will hold their picnics May
24. according to ihcir
Knapp “mum” Edna Mm. Sweeney, Alici- Williams and Thomas Lisker.

as follows:
Dichl; ciilcrfuiinncnt, Donald Her-

GRANI) MARSHALL

Events Will End
With Skits, Sing

Tomorrow Night

To Reveal Officers,
Mysksnia In Assembly

State will hold its thirty-fourth
annual Moving-Up Day exercises to-
morrow morning. These ceremonies
will conclude the extra-curricular
activities of all four classes for
this year.

After the procession of all classes
from Draper to Page Halls. Ruth
Bentley. President of Student As-
sociation, will open the Assembly.
The class speakers will be first on
the program. Respectively. they are:
Heintz Engel, '50, Agnes McIntyre,
‘49. Edith Dell, ’48, and Harold
Gould, '47.

Organization Officers

The officers of various campus
organizations will then be announced
h 7 my m by members of the faculty. Dr
Clarence Hidley, Assistant Profes—
C It  k sor of I}Ifilstory. will announce next

year’s o cers for Pl Gamma Mu;

   5 Dr. Edward Cooper. Assistant Pro-
V t. P d gessoglaigl Supervisor in Commerce,

or mega Pi; Dr. J. Wesle

o    Childers, Assistant Professor OT

I Spanish, for Pan Amigos; Mr.
Welcomes Suggestlons George York, Professor of Com-
merce, for Commerce Club; and

From  Members Ellen G. Stokes, Dean of Women,

William Mai‘sland. ‘47. Chairman wm announce "I? new members 0f
of the committee to investigate the Resmence councu- The PreSidents
voting procedure at State College, of we owe}. Deptfimeml Clubs Will
has announced that the committee reveal the" Ofﬁcers for "EXT? Year
will hold an open meeting in Room “150'. ,

2, Richardson Hall, Monday. Any- Trndmom‘l MOV'IW'UP

one wishing to speak on any part of After we Seniors haVe SUNS their
the program is requested to see some rafﬂe“ Song the Classes Will take
member of the commttee to get his the“. new assembly seats in the bra--
name put on the agenda since the Simon“ mannerv t0 the tune 01’
meeting will be conducted in a Where'.0h.WI‘ere'” This Year's
manner similar to that of a 0011- MySkam“ “(In than ml) “18 mem-
gmssional committee hearing. bers that Will compose the 1947-“!!!

The purpose of this meeting is to Board- ,
consider all ways of improving the Dr- Mum“ ,G- Nelson. Dean of
voting System now in use, and sug_ the College, w111 announce the News
gestions in the following fields are ,Board for “em Year: Jean Eltmg.
requested: (1) System of voting, (2) 47' Ed1t01"111'01116f 0f the Peda-
Place of voting ,3, Posting. of bal_ gogue, will announce the new staff;
lots 1“ advance of voting. ,4, Sep_ Richard Smith, '47, head of the
arate days for Student Association P1'955_Bm'eﬂuv WI“ Speak for his
and Class voting. organization; Clyde Cook, '47, Pres-
Marsland Emphasizes Attendance Idem 0“ D 55 A- W” 011110111166 the

Marsland is emphasizing the fact “0W, COUNCIL Mary Naylor, ’47.
that everyone should come to me President of Music Council. will an-
meetmg whether 0,. not he has 1.0, n‘ounce the new officers and coun-
qucstcd time on the agenda. Writ- Cl}: Judy Dilbe, '47, Grand Marshal
ton suggestions will be accepted 0‘ “amplls Commission. will an-
“.om those unable to attend the Illrtifl'e her successor and the next
meeting and should be in the hands 0011111115510“: Sally Dunn. ’47. Presi-
of the committee by Monday noon. Ciel.“ 0" Newman Club. their new
If the occasion demands, a second OHICH'SI Edna SWCCHEY. '47, Presi-
opcn meeting will be held for fur— (Will or W-AA-v {01' “1M organiza-
thcr discussion on the question. “0”: Mill‘i’ E11611 Dielicr, '47. Prest-
Rcmms To Be Filed dent of Debate Council, the offic-

Williain Pawlockic. '49, has vol- “1'8 “11d Miss M. Annette Dobbin,
“Mom-Cd H, mm. shorthand notes Professor in French, will make the

 

JUDITH DUBE

 

of thc meeting, and iiicsc records Nl‘Wmilll Senior Award.
will bc opcn for examination after “WIN” Association Officers

ihc conimiifcc rcporf has been filed. MISS BL‘llUt‘i' Will lhcn rcvcnl
Thc rcniaindcr of the committee Ill“ “‘81”!5 01' 1110 Siliciclit Associau
Elimbvm Mal-got“ '47' [ion clcciions and the class oi'i'iccrs,

pmcmm‘ '50. D1; rcccssioimis will follow and tho

plauiing.
I'Ivcuiug l'rog‘rnni

During the owning ihcrc will be
lhc prcscnliiiioii of Ilic I‘Ti'bl 1mm
and Sophoinorc skits in Pngc Hull,
followcd by a sing in front of Drapv

participate, After the rivalry cup
has bccn awarded to tho winning
class. ihcrc will bc ll dance in the
Commons, to which all arc inviicd.

The Junior and the Sophomore

presidents.

Thc Junior commitfcc heads are "' “""“""' —’
wnmu Lost, Found Records Sales

The sale of lost and found urti-

iransportu tion.

Ai iliis timc of the ycur, u riilhcr- old; i‘ci'rcslnncnts, Virginia Ginin~ cics. Thursday and Friday in the
,,1,.,,,.,._L._\y,.(1 Myskuniu, is packing up ski. Marion Hawkins has been ap- Commons, netted a total of $5.25,
and getting ready to leave its place pointed c’iuiii'inan of the Sophomore according to Pearl Picss, '49, head

(0 its new hcirs.

outing.

of the Lost and Found Bureau.

  

 

