  Lamps "laminate Library, Letter To The Editor . . .

II

Lessen "Strain On The Brain

There’s been some changes made, expected to reach a low ebb. Con-
or haven’t you noticed? Take a fidentially, we feel sorry for the op-
look in the library if you ticians whose businesses have for-
haven't already. Just the thing be- merly been patronized by State
fore exams, in time for the students’ students.
stooging campaigns — fluorescent
study lamps to light your way to Along with some of the state-
knowledge. The outlook on the fu- ments of approval came suggestions
ture looks bright. for improvements and other com-
The NEWS conducted a pan of merits. Joan Dollard, ’47. said. “I
student opinion of the new addi- think they "ﬂake the place real 6025’
tions to the library furnishings to and you dont have to strain your

get an inkling whether they were eyes-n Ruth Bentleyn '47, expreSSEd
appreciated. a similar idea saying that they were

Results of the poll reveal that the guiltigrgf;pf¥fl {:ﬁgtigqagoeoét iﬁgeyyllf:
mallorny 3": pleased With them' or something different and make the
We V9 5"“ ems mter" ewed' “me place look alive now " was offered
(75%) expressed their satisfaction. by freshman Joan Fém, n
while twol (17%) expressed their 9 '
disapprove. One made no comment One reason

why their resence in

iglﬁethehhad still them only (meet; the library 1; decidedlyp beneficial
a S 0“ 3* some may no is that they obstruct your view and
have yet discovered the stupendous prevent you from seeing those
change which will probably reform entering Your reporter adds

 

 

their study habits.)

evidenced by the attendance.

 

am; am

Registrar, has stated that second
semester begins Wednesday, Febru-
ary 5. Freshmen will register Jan~
uary 27. Upperclassmen A-L will
register Tuesday, January 28; M-Z.
Wednesday. January 29.

Mrs. Rosemary Bull. manager of
the State College “Co-op." has re-
quested that all G.I.'s sign their
Government Accounts immediately.
The “Co-op" must have the signa-
tures before it can bill the govern-
ment. New accounts will be opened
at once.

Bertha Wakin. '47, President of
Pan Amigos. has announced that
there will be a meeting of the club
Tuesday at 10:30 P. M. in the
Lounge. Miss Wakin will speak on
her experiences in Mexico during
the summer.

Pearl Pless. '49. head of Lost and
Found, petitions anyone in the stu-
dent body who finds a lost article to
turn it over to Lost and Found im-
mediately. There have been num-
erous requests for lost articles
which have not been turned in to
the organization.

Jeanne Cavanagh, '47. Business
Manager of Pedagogue, wishes to
inform the students that orders will
be taken Monday at the Stamp
Booth in the lower corridor of
Draper Hall for those who want
their names engraved on their Peds.
The engraving charge will be 75c.
At the same time money will be
collected from those who ordered
their Peds before Christmas.

Rienow Speaks
On Citizenship

The social studies department was
represented at two conferences
during the vacations. Dr. Rienow.
assistant professor of social stu-
dies, spoke at the general session of
the New York State Council for
Social Studies. while Dr. Harvey
Rice, professor of history. attended
a meeting of the American Histori-
cal Association.

The American Historical Associa-
tion met at the Hotel Pennsylvania
in New York City from December
2’1 to 30. Dr. Rice said particular
attention was given at this confer-
ence to the writing of history by
the various units of the armed
forces during the war.

Dr. Ricnow spoke at the general
session of the New York State
Council for Social Studies on De-
ccmbcr 27. His topic was Respon-
sible Citizenship and he urged
teachers to recognize that students
are learning enough about what to
think. too little about what to do
as a citizen. He said further. “We
shall not free ourselves from the
herd mind and group control until
individual members exercise their
citizenship in the group as in the
state."

that maybe you‘d get somethin
The lighting has already attl‘act- accomplished if you don’t see you?
ed more students to the library as friends.

B-ev Sittig, ’49. says she likes them

light on the subject.“

Sally Johnson and Stanley Ab-
rams when questioned both com-
lnented that they liked themo-but.
They said that the lamps should be
Stan also
added that there is need for more,

shaded on both sides.

they should be stationery, and an

investigation should be made to

find the cause of the blinking of the
lights and correct it.

Now for the disappl'ovals—Janice
Goodrich says, “If it’s any news to
you. I don’t like them.“ Gene Mc—
Laren reasons that they get in the
way, cast shadows on papers and
clutter up the desk.

Now. what do you think?

Pi Omega Pi
Sponsors Meet

Bertha Wakin and Harriet Stan—
dish. Seniors. represented State at
the Pl Omega Pi conference at the
Hotel Sherman in Chicago, Thurs—
day and Friday, December 26. 27.
Dr. Paul Carlson, brother-in—law of
Dr. Edward Cooper. Assistant Pro-
fessor and Supervisor of Commerce.
was the main speaker at the ban-
quet.

The convention, held in conjunc-
tion with the Nativ 'al Business
Teac‘her's Associatioli Conference.
featured revision of the Constitu-
tion of the national chapter and
discussion of the activities of the
various campus chapters. Dclcgatcs
came from several states. including
New York. Iowa. Massachusetts.
California. Nebraska, Kansas, Lou-
isiana, Arizona. Illinois. Indiana
and Pennsylvania. Mr. James Gem—
mcl, a former instructor of com—
mel'cc at State. was also at tho
conference.

Following the conference. ilic two
State clclcgatcs spent an extra (1in
taking in the sights of illtcrcst in
the "windy city."

Assembly - -

{Comimmd from Pam: 1, Column 2)

tutlon of Student Association to
road as follows:

"Up to the and of the fiscal your
‘47-’48, the Men's Athletic Associa-
tion will bc permitted to administer
its allotted funds as a lulnp silln
with the assistance of Lilo Faculty
Director of Athletics and without
requiring permission from tho Stu-i
dent Board of Finance for trans-
ferring funds from line items in
their budget."

 

In th Rteasoilzz You won‘t call

em over 0 5 near an. :
all probability. it will be an incen- You avoid annoying mil.- negilsﬁgis
tive to higher learning and revolu- and the librarian, ‘
tionize studying. Perhaps the 11- —you'il keep your mind on studying
brary may even have to be enlarged D.
to accommodate the ever increasing because she can see now, She adds
crowds. P.S. Cases of 854351an are also that she will be seen frequenth
stooging under these gleaming lights
in the future—mainly because she
has no study lamp at home. Jack
Brophy. '49. says. “The fluorescent

Miss Elizabeth Van Denburgh' lighting is a much needed improve-
ment. They should throw some

Most important

‘ ITAle cobble: NIWI. FRIDAY. JANUARYIO. 1.47

To the Editor:

There have been times when men's
gym classes and Milne assembly
programs have come into conflict.
On some of these occasions the lithe
forms of State’s stalwarts have been
seen braving the elements on the
way to the gym and inviting pneu-
monia on the way back.

There is only one way for men to

Mt S

reach the gym in comfort and safe-
ty: via the auditorium. Wouldn't
it be wise to make sure that the
Milne monitors on the inside are
aware of this fact and ready to
open the doors with as little fuss
as possible. This would aid the ath-
letes and cause a minimum of in-
terruption in the programs being
presented.

 
  
  

 

Grads Elecf Officers . . .

At a meeting of the Graduate Stu-
dents held this week, an election of
officers was the main order of busi-
ness. The following officers were
elected:

President—Robert Bennett

Vice-Presidentn—Charles Gilman

Secretary-Treas.——Emory L. Tooly

This is the first year that the
graduate students have attempted
to form any sort of formal organiza-

Chilled tion.

MOKING
PLEASURE

 

1.444

tale Coll

ALBANY. NEW YORK.

 

 
 
 
 

 

WAA WILL CROWN KING TOMORRO'E—   /
AT FIRST WINTER CARNIVAL AT STATE

8e

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1947

   

' amidst/it: ‘

 

vol.. xxxi‘ No.1}

 

 

0.4a Wm

CURRENTLY STARRING lN

"STRANGE JOURNEY”
a Sol M. Wurizel Production
Released By 20lh Century-Fox

-mez an
CHESTERFIELDS STACK UP RIGHT
WITH THE ABC’s OF SMOKING

PLEASURE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Copyiighl W46, tiocul ll. Mvus Toucco Co.

 

WWW-Mm”..wa . WM...
‘ s l

   

     

 

 

Class Presidents
Slate Banquets
During February

The three upperclasses are mak-
ing preparations for class banquets
according to their respective presi-
dents. The Senior class will hold
their banquet Saturday, February
22. and the Juniors and Sopho-
mores will hold theirs on Saturday.
February 15.

The Senior Banquet will be lit
the Ten Eyck Holcl with Dr. Hal‘—
vcy Rice. head of the Social Studies
Dcparimcnt as guest speaker. Jane
Laffcriy. l-Iclcn Mulson. and Con-
cepts Zulnbo arc in charge of ar-
rangcmcnls. and thc cost will be
$2.00 pcr pcl'son.

Mcl‘vyn McClilitock. ‘48, goncral
chairman. of the Junior banquet
has announced that the banquet
consisting Ol a turkey dinner will
be in Jack's Restaurant at 6:30
P.M. Dr. Rice will also speak at
this banquet.

Tickets which will be $1.25 per
person will be on sale ill the lower
hall of Draper during the week of
February 10th.

Appoint Junior Committees

Committees are as follows: tick-
ets, chairman, Clara Sylvestri, Vera
Chudiak. Jean Connor, Hazel Eng-
dahl, Mary Giovannone, Shirley
Graham, Adrienne Iorio. Charlotte
Lally, Ann Mosette. Mary Quinn,
Paula Tichy, Patricia Tilden. Wan-
da Tomasik, Betty J. Vaughn, and
Selina Wolf; decorations, chairman.

Wilma Dichl. William Ba.dwin.
Dorothy Diffin. Virginia Ginlinski,
Donald Herold. Eleanor Holbig,

Curtis Pfaff, Mary Regan, Ellen
Rochford. Dorothy Skelton. Janice
Todt, and Shirley Van Popcring;
entertainment, chairman, Eloise
Worth. Erna Burns. Margaret Daly.
Julie Genovesi. Helen Kisiel. Stclla
McLaren. Marian Mieras. Barbara
Schoonlnaker. and Dale Sullivan.
Jean McCiibe, general chairman
of the Sophomore banquet. has
stated that Elton Butler, Instructor
in Mathematics. will speak at the
50le banquet which will be held at
the Circle Inn at 6:30 P.M. The
price of the banquet which will also
be a turkey dinner is $1.00 per
person.
Sophomores Announcc Committees
Committees are as lollows: enter-
tainment, Thomas Lisker. chair—
man, D. Marie Gl'icco. Margale
Hccfncr. Evcrson Kinn, Harold
Mills. Ellen Sargent, and Joan
Wurzlcr; decorations, Theresa Sal-
amonc. chairman. Marjorie Fusmcr,
Aricnc Golden. Joyce Simon, Jc'lnnc
Valachovic, and Gerald Willlnk:
arrangements. Mci'lon Tha‘ucr.
(C'onlinucd on Page 3, Column 2)

Six Faculty To Assist

Curriculum Revision

Six members of the State College
faculty will attend a conference ili
Syracuse to consider revision of
the curriculum in elementary tcach-
er training institutions. from Mon—
day. February 10 to Saturday. Feb-
ruary 15.

Members of the faculty who will
attend the conference include Dr.
Harvey Rice, Professor of History.
Dr. Charles F. Stokes, Professor of
Music, Dr. Ralph Clausen, Professor
of Bioloogy. Dr. Harry Hastings.
Professor of English, Dr. Ralph
Beaver. Assistant Professor of
Mathematics, and Dr. James Chil-
ders. Professor of Spanish.

All of the eleven State Teachers
Colleges in New York State will
be represented at the conference.

. presenting the

a II
Primus, Charm,

Quiet Dig niiy”

Coplivciie Stole College Reporters

By DEVLIN and LANDAU

Two NEWS reporters interviewed
Pearl Primus and fell captive to
her charms and quiet dignity.
State College experienced the some
pleasing impression for students‘
comments ranged from. “Gee” to
"Best thing that ever happened to
State College!”

Miss Primus said she feels shc
owes her success in dancing to
perseverance and hard work. She
began dancing as a hobby at the
Ncw Dance Group, a cooperative
organization in New York City.
Her friends recognizing her talent
demanded that she continue danc-
ing as a profession and later she
studicd under Martha Grahame
and other leading ballet instructors.

The tremendous response con-
tinually accorded her dancing. Miss
Primus attributes to the fact that
she interprets things people under-
stand. She presents primitive pas—
sions and emotions in a dignified
way which causes people to return
again and again. She aims first to
dance as a human being, portray—
ing human emotions and secondly
to present the heritage and culture
of the Negro to the public. In
many of her prog"ams she includes
some jazz numbers for she feels
that jazz is an inherent part of
American life.

Miss Primus described some of
l‘cr dances of social protest.

Albany Artists

Sponsor Annual
Show in Lounge

The Albany Artists' Group is now
Second Annual
Mclnbel's' Show in the Lounge.
and will continue it through Friday,
February 14. The STATE COLLEGE
NEWS will conduct a poll to-
day from 12:30 to 3:30 P.M. to as-
certain the painting liked best by
the students.

At the official opening of the
exhibit, the Al‘tists' Group voted
Howard Becker‘s “Brook In The
Adirondacks" the most popular
painting. At this time the first and
second plizcs ill the oil and water
co.oi' classes were awarded.

Miss Ruth liutcllins. Assistant
Profcssor of Fine Arts, who has
two paintings on display, has an
nounch that the exhibition Will be
upon Hull). ll'Jill .l A.M. to 3:3.) P.M.
until February 14. Members of the
NEWS Staff will be on hand today
from 12.3.i to 3.30 P.M. to rccech
the ballots ind.c.itlng the students“
ciiolcc ol the best painting.

Oral Credit Exams Friday

Dr. James Wcslcy Childcrs. assis-
tniu professor of Spanish, has an-
uullnc.~.I that thc oral crcdit cx-
uiilinutions in the modern lan-
guages. French, German. Spanish
and Italian. will be hle on Friday.
February 14 at 1 P.M. ill Room 23
Richardson.

All students interested in taking
the examinations should contact
Dr. Childcrs as soon as possible.
It is necessary for students in
modern foreign languages to pa5s
oral examinations in all languages
in which they with to get a perma-
nent teaching certificate.

“Strange Fruit" is a protest against
the brutality of lynching while in
“Hard Time Blues” the protest is
issued against the system which
produces share cropping. “A Negro
Speaks'of Rivers" is a history of
the Negro’s struggle for endurance
taken from a poem by Langston
Hughes. In this dance the history
of the Negro is compared to rivers.
which despite all contending forces.
continue on their courses growing
decper and larger with its struggles.

Several people travel with Miss
Pl'lmus as part of her company.
The troupe includes: Alphonso Cim-
bcr, who plays the rhythms of
Haiti, which are closely allied to
those of Africa; Joseph Nash and
Jacqueline Hairsiron, dnnccrs; Ken-
neth Drew, a talented young pia-
nist; and Helen Tinslcy, a singer
(and mother of 4 children.)

But Miss Primus is not only a
dancer. She is a serious student
of anthropology at Columbia Uni—
versity where she is studying for
her doctorate. She selected anthro—
pology for her field because, “being
a study of man. it is the one science
which proves that all men are cre-
ated equal before the Lord.” This
she feels will help her to interpret
human nature in her dancing.

The troup plans to tour South
America and Europe this smnmcr.

 

“Frals” Transform Pledges
To Hollywood Heari-lhrobs

No, they're not new fads in-
vading State College. They‘re
the result of the fraternity ini—
t.a.ious .aking place. So you
can owe it to the fraternities to
transform State‘s male speci-
...cns lilio hunks of beauty.

if you see a Bogart icrcw cut)
you can be sure he’s a Potter
Club pledge. And remember for
Jay bog-art there must be 21
Lauren. The imitation Clark
Gables (mustaches) running
around loosel?) are from KDR.
The swoonstcrs or Sinatras (bow
Lon that fill the halls are SLS
pledges.

-.. date. no fraternity has
gone to extremes by requesting
its pledges to dye their hair
rod and cultivate some freckles.
It must be that they’re figuring
Van' Johnson's popularity has
dropped owing to recent dcve-
.opmcnts—his marriage perhaps.

No doubt Cupid may be some-
what busier in the future owing
to flies-c changes.

 

 

 

Council Will Present
Special Record Hours

lv'nry Nnylor. ’47. President of
Music Council. has announced a
si‘ccial l'ccordiug' hour to be con-
ductcd by Mr. and Mrs. Earl Snow,
Seniors, Tuesday, from 12 to 12:30.
Mr. and Mrs. Snow will present five
Wagnarian selections for their first
recording hour.

A second recording hour will be
held on the following Tuesday
when the selections will be chosen
by the students attending.

Miss Naylor has urged all stu-
dents to attend and bring their
lunches with them.

 

Edna Sweeney, ’47, President of Women’s Athletic Asso-
ciation, has announced that W.A.A. will hold its Winter Car-
nival this week-end. The program for the week-end will in-
clude a sleigh-ride tonight, an Ice Show in Washington Park
tomorrow afternoon, and will be climaxed by the crowning
of King Winter at a semi-formal dance from 9 P.M. to 1 A.M.

Sleigh-riders will meet tonight

at 7 P.M. at Sayles Hall. From 9

P.M. to 12 midnight an informal

  dance will be held in the Commons
T F n with ILydia Murriiay aillld Hafry Gro-
gan, ns ruc ors n P ys ca Educa-

o   tion at Milne High School as

b H_ h elixirperonecs. 3318 price of the
A segh- ri e w be So er person
   and refreshments and difncing will

A movie describing life along the be flee‘ '
Pan-American Highway is to be Feature Ice Show in Park
presented in assembly this morning The Ice Show at 2;;30 tomorrow
under the 5130118018th 0f Spams“ afternoon in Washington Park will
Club. Nominations will be made to [eaLure figure skating, tobaggomng,
SCleCl l0“? l'eln‘esenlutil’cs t0 at” and ice-skating. Providing there is
LOW ﬂ COllIQI'Clwe 0f the Ell-Stem more snow, group houses. fraterni-
Smlt‘s ASSOCIMIOD 0f Pl'9f058}011f11 ties, and sororities will participate
Schools and Teachers which Is to in a. snow-figure building contest
be held 111 the early Sill'lllg- on Page Field with prizes being

The Eastern Statcs’ conference awarded for the best figures_
will be held in New York sometime .
in March and two Seniors and two To Crown King at Ball
Juniors will be chosen to attend as The “Snow Ban" tomorrow night
delegates from State College. will feature the Coronation of King
RCWSL‘ T0 Recompense swam“. Winter with his date as Queen, the

At a Student Councll mGEt-mg' King being chosen by Dr. J. Allan
Stanley Chwalek. ’49. l'eDOI‘ied the Hicks, Professor of Guidance. and
lOSS Of all alpaca COat valued at Dr. Edward L. Cooper. Professor
$48 Which was stolen from hlS and Supervisor of Connnercel chap-
locker the day before Christmas cranes and WAA Council. Tickets
Vacation- 1101le Dl'eViOUS1y appeal‘ are on sale in the lower hall of
ed to Student Board of Finance to Draper for $1.30 per coup1e_
recompense him for his loss but it
had been referred to Student Coun- Name 00mmiiiccs
cil because it was believed that they Committees are as follows; Mu-
were a more representative group riel Owens, ’49. and Ruth Matteson,
of students. Their decision was that '50, sleigh-ride co-chairmen, Anne
Student Association could not be Sulich. ’49, Audrey Hartmann and
held liable for the loss of personal Sue Miller, freshmen; informal
goods and that if Mr. Chwalek dance, Eleanor Adams, '50, chair-
Were given the money. a precedent man, Ruth Slnith, Audrey Koch,
would be established which could and Bernadette Free], freshmen;
not be carried out in the future. snow events, Wilma, Diem and
HOcher, a final decision was not Paula Tichy, Juniors, co-chairmen.
reached and the matter was again Gel-amine Callahan, Virginia, Day,
referred back to the Student Board Seniors, and Margaret Ardito, ’48,
of Finance. and Joanne Joslin, ’49; formal

————— dance, Elizabeth Margot, '47, and
dMargarft Seaman. ’49, co-chairmen,
- ecorat ons, Dorothy Diffin and
  Mary Quinn, Juniors; tickets, Edna
S4wccney, ‘47. and Beverly Sittig,
’9. co-chairmen. Eleanor Binn, '47,
NOW Undefway Gloria Rand, ’48, Juanita Evans
_ _ and Wilma Whitney, Sophomores;
Commlttee Inveshgates publicity, Marion Kragh, ’48, chair-
 V A B d t man, Gloria Gilbert, ’48, and Kay
, - - U 93 Grant. ’49; coronation. Marion

Y I

The STATE COLLEGE NEWS gghkllls, 49. and Edythe Kelleher,
has received information from rc— '
liable sources that the committee
appointed under the resolution
passed in assembly, Friday, Janu— S h d I D b
cry 10, has discussed the possibility C e U G e 
of divorcing the varsity athletics ,
budget from the MAA budget and O F S
passing it in December instead of n  

May. The committee members have
consulted the Student Board of Irma Rosen. ’48, Speaker of
Finance. and have received no ob- Forum, has announced plans for a
jectlons to this procedure. special debate to be held Wednes-
This change will facilitate the day at 3:30 P.M. in the Lounge,
scheduling of intercollegiate sports with Stanley Abrams, ’49, in charge.
for the coming year and also make The topic of the debate will be.
the necessary guarantees finan- “Resolved that members of the
cially sccurc. United Nations break off all rela-
Thc members of the committee “0115 With France Spain."
are, Dommy Sturzcnbergcr' Edna The speakers will be four fresh—
Sweemw' J‘ Michael Hypplck_ and men who are acting as representa-
Philip Lashlnsky. Seniors, and Alice “V95 0f Debate Councu- Eul‘llne
Pundlel :48. r Thomson and Arthur Root will take
_ the affirmative side while Eleanor
Adams and Charles Margolin will
PIG" Meeungs Next week uphold the negative.
Miss Roscn urges all melnbers of
Math Club and Pan Amigos will the student body to attend. A
hold their first meetings of the general discussion will be open to
second semester this week. all and questions from the floor
Ruth Seclbach, '48. President of may be asked the Speaker. All
Math Club, has scheduled a meet- those attending will be given balv
lng Wednesday at 7:30 P. M. in lots and the results of the voting
Room 101 with Marilyn Burnup and will be disclosed at the end of the
Doris Quinn. Seniors as speakers. debate, but the final decision will
Pan Amigos will meet Tuesday be handed dowu by faculty judges.
at 7:30 P. M. in the Lounge with Plans have also been made for a
Bertha Wakln. ’47, President, pre- Forum speaker in Assembly for
siding. March 22.

 

.  _
  

 

   
  
          
 
  
   
    
    

     
  
   
 
      

  
 
   
   

 
    

 

a“. we ,; a;  .

    
    
  
   
  
     
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
    
   
 
   
  
  
   
  
     
 
  
     
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
     
  
   

. was» We-‘wa-nakuni -\

   

  
  

   
 
   
   
  
   

  
  
  
 

