 

 

    

     

..i

    
 
 
   
  
   
 

. ...._..;.,.,J.;_,;.... . .........

“33:53:. . ' ‘

    

Council  ‘

Two Additional.

 
  
  

Board ' Members "$11.": oft-inlet?

  
   

the Vivian Hillier, as. President or
en

7 tion of France. The boat trip from
Residence Council, has announced

America tookreight‘ days and nights;

C

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ‘  " a» "ear.

_  g   
REPOElS/ Removersbn‘  .

435"“  tbaina'enda'scsntyﬁsupp' .of'milk. F i    -'
. , melon-ensures little milk they barley goes to Ol’ an 8 L ‘
Lisp . p- _ y, _ Missrhnnette ,Dobbin. . Assistant those under-,.twenty .one. Sincethe  ‘ ' 'v 
,  , , h,_ Mace, Welsh Named WMQW of ranch. spent moat'Rench-do;raise'.vas~niuchi good; {momma/romance. 0m: a . " .
V A ' To Judicial Group ’ ince eoi n'ommenai'llli'l‘ncthilooommﬁ 1" mi" ain‘t: “m”: m ionlee Watkins Marv when an 6‘“ r'e'ie
~ . I » .8 ll 0 I ' . e . ey. ce .  r u
 g . Paris, and mum south csnw'm. man m:  :r m. “We? Williams, Shirley Williams. Orietta imam“ to

Emma-s the breast   Wolf, Selene Wolf, Luke Zilles. 5‘

 
  
 

solenoids 1' .

 

 
 
   
    

. .5“ .
bi t is not n'ec‘s

 
  
   

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

-. . . . . . , winterses'in the past slxvyears will Class ' - ' ‘ " .
th - _ as compared with her fourteen.. I - m3 - #19“ Dr- Ohm“ 1". =' ‘ '
C  new: otliew‘lznemyii “costs; 0’ hour return from llhigland by planeoggliinfugllgvlvillhlie ugdﬁrtth “an. “Jew Anderson' M.” Bach“ or mum h” a to mkﬁfflﬁg
I '9 y’ ‘ ounc . 01'8. Two things impressed Miss Robbln' emmeht project of mod midi: “livi- Wim‘m‘ Bm' Frederick mom are opportunities f Jam member
B, may Nancy I Walshand Florence Mace Very much (I) The trains throu'gh- dust” ‘ ' : e .' ax - Jean Mm “we met“ 5”" m the "chem" A. “NM” 5
bars were elected vice-president and let;- out France are as numerous‘ nerves 4 - - ' " . ' ~' " -' ‘ ' la Bogdanski, Regina Bollenbach “Infested Should all di‘th'e‘ am
He} , A! retary-treasurer respectively;" The they were before the War. and (2) ‘n apples“ that the’"F‘rendI.:.n°w DorothllBl/mﬂ. JOhn 3- Campbell: “33- °” Tum!” 5‘ ‘3‘ 1’ Minnea-
o‘ 08‘ . I above officers are automatic V they also run on‘schedule. In fact, “"9th 9"”- seem interealm'ln Philomena Cerro, Clara ciprian‘i . , l V“ ‘

- thol members of the Judicial Board. The the only train that was late in the the“ subculture ' Became °f the Elmbéth" Gm“- Mﬂl‘lﬂat Own“ “mum” °f the" red I
mum ‘ cei‘ three other. members elected last entire trip was theone from ' , WWW.“ materiel mines. nuns. Aida DaBramo: Joyce Dickerson: Gloria Gilbert and patchy Slight:
the cl stul Week are Alice Willams. :‘Allce Fisher to New York in the good old U.8.A. “dud”?! les ouvriers. are frequent- Mans Dickinson, Betty DlmOn Pia“. Seniors. have unnamed that
mitth wo‘ and Anne mic”, seniors. I V ‘ The “mean” of France accord Iiplgigie-cultural centers—the art-ex- Ronald Dixon, Jane Dummy, Cam: Marjorie Funnel". '49. has been. ap-

Thai figl The Council wishes to announce lhﬂ"2t0“Ml85 Dobbin, is abdut back and doiidialitgilmnzbngpebltﬁs it??? “"9 Dmmeny- Barbara ParryDrus- pointed 5mm“ A" E‘ml“ Prime
1. All; ind m“ an organizations, dam m to nortnal..,the streets have been ing published. even though there is chal' Gloria Ema' Sara Emu. m“ Peanut
at or 1 ‘ extension of hours for one of its cleared of all'rubble, and in Paris. a paper shortage In Miss Dobbins Juanita 'Evans' Jenn E. by. Aim ' '
time tl tho. functions. must consult the Dean or ice rues and sideWalksore washed words “It seems as tho h th Feldman: Joseph Francello. Georae Nancy WEN" "3' secretary 0’ m“
of dud ﬁfl'l Women or the President of Resid- every morning. The veg'mble. at French are bubbling overugto ex? Frank' Margaret Franks' Marlon Student Board or “mum has an.

: per ence com“ at least two days I» dens of “mum, much “mama”. press themselves." Furlong, Irene GalloWay. Arm e bounced that the faculty may still

like. i l . fore the event. The Council h” de- ure of the French, have been recon- For the first time in eight ears Gourley' Frank Grim" Helen Hab- purcnase their swam Acmmes
bly ll 0“. cided that one-half hour will be verted into parks and formal flow- the F‘rench‘can. take short vacaytiond emam' Rom“ Hardt’ Nancy Ken- “ekets'm $3.00 at Dr. Edward L
teache:  granted. if necessary. for rivalry er gardens. The museums are again through their belovbd-icountryside man’ Helen Henmg' Perm’nock- coupe” omce m Room 303' Draper
"midg not events. This only applies if the open. and many. such as Le Louvre. Thus for the "past year they—have my” Ems Immune" Jean Hon- Ha“.
Tiling sm event is a recognized college activi. have been repainted. During the beenbeautifylng fro their owners; wmallllfd Batty HOheMtem' Gilbert mm”
gym  an; ty. 1 I war, when the paintings and art joyment rather than that of the ﬁshes.“ M3§yt Homn' Bum“ Cl"- 0' 195°:

. J g I ‘ collections were removed from the tourists. salary a auro. Jean Ineson. William Brayden, Anna Buno, Do-
progle a“ Miss Hillier urges all women liV- museum, the practical French took This happy, gay, and cheerful Jenn Je ﬁm‘g'ﬁobert Kamer’ v‘r- lore“ cady’ June Gunmen Joseph
ted to t 1 ing in group houses to acquaint the opportunity to clean them up. manner of the Fr h gm” Kellen Evawt‘rln' M8”, Gunmen“ Doroth comm J '
mes-ti U. themselves thoroughl with the Res- em ' and the“. Kmm Elmeda La mm M ' y y, m"
M ska net idence Council Re ulzitons She also The mums Situation in France uncompla‘nmg “Cceptance Of ’8' ion LliFaro Don hi L l' ' “19% condo' Rum cmkmgham’ Gerald"
10;“ th‘ mm m t an 3“ mm. 1 n is no worse than our postwar prob “(mm and Immersion seemed to m L is .0“ on shoes .- .' ;i . Cooperman. Joseph Crucillu,
s i a or s 8 n D - lem. Prefabricated houses, modern MISS Dobbin to be the outstanding e w ' ve Heunux’ Joyce me Regal“ Regina mm”

ophox we vote homes must also abide by the permanent structures are hem 1; characteristics of t Mcconum' Norman Madsen' Mary Joyce DUB“, Jab Dun J
tively. :’ hours set forth by the Council. - . 8 86 M ‘w‘u' mnce' Manoni Marie Markham Imo Er ' n ‘ " us, can
up up ther mmtely in the French , , gene landson, Robert Frasca, George
Au E a style. THhe prefabricated houses are Mayer, Elsa Moberg, Geraldine Glenday, Gloria Gould. Peter Havey.
mi 1 w; M. Transfer crcd“ quite an Improvement over the old M f,   Morris, Jeanne Moshier. Marjorie Sandra Hesiin, Marjorie Hills Bev-
sensiigg  F y s T  3 houses. In fact, they even have v etc loss 0 "6:88 ﬁgnrobﬁrsulaLNeuhaus, Agape 03in, erly, Huber, John King, Floricc
 . - e on, awrence ran er. Kline, Andre K h Cl ~-
uistion \ rom tale 0 “mm” ° "'9 ymm “"9" Thelma 1"" "" D° "h y M I mm Lax
them-E v or course. some parts 0‘ France. Stable Mb ' ' , g m, ro y Parr, son, James Lawson, Jean McNeil.
. Dr. Mum“ 0‘ Nelson. Dean and such as cities in Normandy which the comi’nitteeériallsopo‘lgitgf‘lialsxtwsgrgf Yuldldanfi'etezgmllfglég  ﬁghts. Rum mammner' Ruth Mattcson'
——f Acting President has announced felt the war so much, are not yet ester to investigate the votin - ' a ' e] Davm Mooney, JOhn Moore. J01)“
2 I that a cooperative teacher training as they were in prewar days. France tem of State College, has anngousrlg- ggiggberghirilm gooﬁng“. Agnel omen“. Emory 08mm, Anthony
BQ  program with RPI on a graduate glself is not so prosperous as before ed that-an .open discussion will be Schmay, Yvettbe Schwaedogk (Mfr; gigghl’khili Wigginwﬁlicn's limo”
l , level is starting this mu. an: wagimﬁhe mph; .301 have for? held at 3:30 P. M. Monday, October Scutt, Margaret Seaman, William er, GraoeDSeeley Jamil; 
‘ Due to a Shortage of mammal. The memhg, known to: y bgnzigaé 135rmslfvolcl>lmb82ﬁcglgaigmgall. f m Sheehan, Estelle Siegel, Joyce Si- Shirley Shapiro, ' Dorothy Smith:
ll? technological, and vocation teach- bread eaters, have now only one- discussions held 1 t o o 8 man. Hen?" Sins, Marianne smnd- Robert sorensen’ vman Steele, NO-
th em state conege ls Humming sw- murth as much he: d as semester on ing, Dolores Stacker, Harold Story, rene Thorson Mabel Totten Henr
‘ , as ore, an that the subject. All students who have Anne Sulich. Norma Swinyer Clif— Traub Ab h, ' 'y
it. dents from RPI to register for the meager amount is made from corn. ideas or ue tio ' ' m am Twp. Lyn: walbh'
- q 5 ns concerning our ton Thorne. Emily Uznanska B r- Rich ~
I). :ducalelgiltlal cpurse: an: to trans There are other triviallties to en- present preferential system should tha Washbum Marvin Waynd Glf Shirl:rd n, Mary William‘s,
: a or or rece ved o R I. dure, such as butter and sugar ra- be present at the meeting. ford Wingatef ' Peter groumansf June youmans'
l w _‘k
‘ . 3 Stem
CA it are, ..
ub 15 ‘ ‘ ' *
: 0] Air Show / W6,
,’ o: " y I
  . .. , [W a 4 liar/ﬂ WW
(/5 . 
2 9 It’s the latest
8  ..
', use for Decc   ‘
. 2 ° i" ll"

"ON THE AVENUE"

THOSE terriﬁcally popular Andrews Sisters have an
individual singing style all their own. When it comes to
, cigarettes-well, let Patty tell you: "I’ve smoked many different brands
and compared, and I learned from experience that Camels suit me best!”
With thousands and thousands of smokers who
have compared cigarettes—Camels are the
"Choice of Experience.”
Try Camels. Let your own experience tell
you why Camels are setting a new record!

 

 

x; f...
l \ ills”

_\
. c
.x\\ _‘\l

 

 

    
      
  

 

 

 

 
 

What wc.woht“io know is “Win
.the new insurance plan cover the
.sklnned noses incurred in the
frosh-Myskania skirmish? The note
{collegiate sport of “Nbse pushing
.2 potatoes” has been iuaugurated on
the campus and from2 'all expecta-
tions will rank hlgltlb the list of
favorites. However,'moy it be sug-
gested that hence , rth nose pro-
tectors be worn l. preserve the
players salient beauty.

MAA nomiantioils' for Fresh Rep.
will open today. ‘Nominations may
be made by any active member of
the association'by written commu-
nication to the resident for 5 days
after the noun, 'ations open.

I General/manager of intramural
athletics will be chosen from 4 men
who are now in charge of intra-
mural sports, Sorensen, Brophy, Jim.
Walsh, 'and Zanchelli. General
manager of Varsity Athletics will
be chosen by last year's MAA coun-
cil from the list of returning var-
sity managers recommended by the

hFaculty Director of Varsity Ath-

.letics. General Manager of Clubs
and Activities will be chosen from
the men who were selected to be
club presidents.

, Elections will be held on or be-
fore October 31. Voting shall be
.by all the active members of the

‘ association.

‘ After

"Don’t bite the hand that feeds
you” or why not take it easy on
the football refs. If they were let-
ter perfect they’d be refereeing on a
professional field. Don’t blame it
all on the referees they have enough
trouble trying to watch one game
when there are two on the same
field. There’s nothing wrong in
gripping but let’s not tear 'em limb
from limb . . . at least not until the
tourney is over.

Another store has opened in the
college under the auspices of MAA.
It is located in the storeroom un-
der the ramp in the gym and will
be open from 12-1:25 Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday.

The store will sell sports equip-
ment to the men. Any equipment
not in stock will be ordered.

It’s true MAA isn’t going on a
Mice with RP] but they are trying
to organize an Outing Club. The
purpose of which is not to learn
how to otttld fires, collect bird
nests or crack rocks. It will try
to foster interest mainly in winter
sports by having ski meets, snow-
shoemg, mountain climbing, etc.

We have noticed that to keep in
time with the fall fashions the
Dodger fans are wearing their faces
longer.

lo We“ Know. 

 

 

That Villanova University has
never scored a point against West
Point in all the years of their foot-
ball rivalry?

That the record earned-run av.-
oruge for World Series play of
twenty-two consecutive scoreless
innings is held by Babe Ruth?

That two Illinois basketball
teams played to a scoreless tie?
thl‘oo overtime periods the
score was still blank. To break the
Lie ouch member of the two teams
was allowed one i‘oul shot. Each
loum made three shots so everyone
wont homo.

That no gray horse has over won
'l‘url'dom's Classic, the Kentucky
Derby? On the other hand, batters
ut Epsom Downs in England, where
the English Derby is held. feel that
gruy horses are it good risk since
over 60% of tho Derbys have been
taken by gruy nogs.

Thut Arabic, the country which
produces the world's best polo
ponies, has yet to win the Interna-
tional Polo Championship? .

That the University of Chicago
holds the record for reverse en-
tlouvor? Before the college gave
up intercollegiate football, the team
was humiliated by a gridiron score

fill 220 to 0.

 

GAMPIIS 
nesuunsur

 
 

y

’ a 2.."  
Beavers, H 8: E s
Vic-tort ‘ln‘ Tllt’s "

Potter Club and KDR. are still un-
defeated ans- pace the “A” League
as MAA Football finishes its second
Week. In the "B" loop the Huskies
and Beavers are the only teams wh
have yet to bite- the dust. ‘ -

Wednesday, Potter downed the

Ham & Eggers to the tune of 18-7.
EEP drew first blood early in the
opening quarter when Gipp passed
to Schick for a first down near the
Ilth “goal ~. line, ‘and. 7 followed with
a touchdoWn pass to Miller. The
try' for the extra point was no good.
H&E had a good chance to even
the score in the second period when
they blacked a Potter kick near the
goal. Four pass attempts failed
and the half ended with Potter
still leading, 6-0.

Potter Increases Lead

After the ball changed hands
several times in the third period,
Potter added six more points when
Gipp tossed to Schick, who took
the hall at mid-field and made a
terrific run to pay dirt. The try
for the point failed. 385E got back
in the game when Fersh passed to
O'Brien'fora first' down near the
EEP oa1.~- Fersh then passed to
O‘Brien for the initial Hon touch-
down. The try for the extra point
was 'good. With two minutes left
to play. Bortnick ended the scor-
ing with a 15-yd. touchdown run.

In Wednesday's “B” contest, the
Athletes edged the Ramblers, 6-0,
striking through the air with less
than two minutes to play. The
same was marked by many inter-
ceptions and both teams had many
opportunities to score. The payoff
play was a pass from Roulier to
Dunn.

KDR Downs SLS

Tuesday's “A” contest saw KDR
wallop 81.8, 28-0. After a scoreless,
hard-fought first quarter. Brophy
heaved a long pass to Dickinson for
the first touchdown of the game. A
Brophy pass to McNamara added
the extra point. After several ex-
changes of the ball, Brophy passed
to McNamara for another touch-
down and ran the ball over for the
point.

Stone ran for a touchdown to
open the fourth quarter. Hoyt’s run
for the p‘oint was good and KDR
led 21-0. SLs took the kickoff but
lost the ball when Holliday inter-
cepted an SLS pass and ran it to
the 2~yd.. line. stone passed to
Gallivan for the last touchdown of
the game. The point was good. SLS
drove deep into KDR territory after

' the kick-off on a sustained drive.

the game ending as Brophy inter-
cepted an SLS pass.
Beavers Edge Gents

In Tuesday's other game. the
Beavers downed the Gents, by the
narrow margin of 7-6. The first
half was scoreless, with each team
scoring several 1st downs. Midway
in the third period, the Gents took
the lead on a Lansky to Jackson
pass. The Beavers took the game
in the 4th period on a touchdown
run by Blnwatnick. The margin of
victory was Kuehn's successful run
forthe point. l

The Ham and Eggers downed the
Finks, 25-0, in Monday's single
game. Midway in the first period,
after the F'lnks had driven past
mid-field, lith took the ball on
downs and scored their first touch-
down on a. Forsh to O'Brien pass.
The try for the point was no good.
The Hum dc Eggers scored twice
more in the second period on a
puss from George to O’Brien and
unolhol' pass from Fersh to Mars-
lund. Neither try for the point was
good.

Tﬂumph‘

 

' 0
To Sponsor Hike
O ‘ ...
Willi R PI

The WAA Outing Club will hold
its organization meeting on October
21. At this meeting, the President
of the RPI‘Outing Club will be pres-
ent to help the State group organ-
iae.
Lucy Lytle, '49, Captain of Hiking
for WAA, will lead the State Out-
ing Club. The group is planning
hikes, ski meets, winter sports,
mountain climbing, and square
dances as well as other activities
of interest.

Hike Scheduled

On Sunday. October 12, the State
group will combine with the RP!
Outing Club to sponsor a joint
climbing expedition at Crane Moun-
tain near ‘Warrensburg. The RPI
group has invited sixteen state wo-
men to join them. A sign-up list
for this event is posted on the WAA
Bulletin Board. Miss Lytle reports
that “first come, first served."

For those attending the event. a
bus will leave Pierce Hall at 8:45
A. M. Sunday morning and will re-
turn at 7:00 P. M. that evening.
Each girl is requested to bring a
pack lunch, an extra sweater, stout
shoes and a camera (optional). The
bus will stop for a light breakfast
enroute.

Club Membership

Freshmen who wish to Join the
.WAA Outing Club may sign up on
Activities Day at the WAA desk.
Upper-classmen who are interested
in becoming members of the group
may sign up on the WAA Bulletin
Board. Sports credit will be given
to those who complete the required
hours.

MAA may form a similar hiking
group. Plans for this have not yet
been completed. If such a pro-
gram is inaugurated, joint MAA-
WAA outings may be scheduled.

Outing Groop 

 

Mysltanla Bows
To l51 In Races

At four-thirty on October 7th,
the Freshmen defeated Myskanla in
two events of a series of relay races.
Myskania took the third race with
Worth, May and Mieras carrying
the apple to victory. The purpose
of this race was to pass an apple
from one member of the team to
the next without use of hands. Con-
testants especially found retrieving
the apple from the ground difficult.

The first and third events. won
by the Frosh were a four-legged
race in which one leg of each of two
girls was tied to the leg of the fel-
low, who ran in the middle. First
over the line for the "green" were
Joan Ahr, Bill Dunn and Eleanor
Guarino.

“Aloysius” Abrams nosed through
for a terrific first-half drive in the
potatoe race, but "Scarface" Prindlc
was unable to hold the advantage

as Georgia Maginesa came across to

win the spectacle.

 

After the Fink kick-off opened
the third period, an flch pass was
intercepted by Wheller. The Finks
drove deep into H&E territory but
lost the balls on downs. Scoring
ended with Farah aselng to George
for the lost touch own of the game
and again to George for the extra

point.

 

BOOKS

CARDS

 

 

203 Central Ave.

W
1).

" STATE COLLEGE CO-OP

STATIONERY

GIFTS

__ they c possibly get out of the deal.

   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
   

  

...-- '.
.Ioa»

 

 

 v

  .
 "  i 
   .  p' 

should go fantoward‘ providing "t‘-‘
On the Dorm Field, this after.-

te'r intramural; games. . Represe ta-
noon, the Amazons of st. Mary's

_tiv'eis fr eafh"1league:attended, and '
. n n m .

Wk Wm “cc 8 team'h'om W.A.A. _a or a ,d scussion of rules and
for the Manor and glory of hockey

officiating technique was held.
supremMY. and as much money as

 

 

 

It was, unanimously agreed that ,
each team should provide three men
rather than two to referee the ‘
games. The games already played
showed that two officials were ,en- .
tirer inadequate/to see everything
that goes 'on in the
eight of play.  * :"
_ There was‘ disagreement whether
it game called by darkness should be
completely, replayed, replayed from
the nearest quarter or replayed
from the exact time and play. Dark-

- {rickets have been selling all week.
at 'ten‘cents a head, and it is urged
that everyone purchase a ticket.
even if un'able to attend the affair,’
as the benefits go. toward the fur-
nishing ofgthe three lounges at the~
“barracks”. More activities .have
been planned to raise money for,
this worthy cause and a good gate,
on this first event will precipitate

a success. ne55 is becoming an increasingly
important factor in the outcome of
“ne'UP the games. Witness the Potter-

As for the game itself: the line-up
for St. Mary's will be as follows:

Cap't “Georgina” Poulos

“Wilma” Schick

"Audrey" Link Marzello

“Georgette” Glenday

“Doris” Glenday

“Patricia” Wilson

“Charlotte” Hubbard

"Jean" Miller

“Sally” Schalit

“Dorothy” Andreone

“Joan” Dufqu

As the opposition, WiA.A. will
field: center—forward, Mary Quinn;
inners. Kelleher and Webber; wings,
Pascuzzi and Matteson; center-half-
back, Bev Sittig: the other half-
backs, Tichy and Moberg; fullbacks,
Diehl and Smith and goalie, Eve-
leigh. Subs for the W.A.A. team are
Adams, Hoteling, Miller, Murphy,
Henkel, Ricci and Regan.

The officials for the contest are
Henkel and Tilden.

“Girls” Confident

The Amazons, who will come up
with a number of surprise substi—
tutes, expect .to play a fast, aggres-
sive game. Cap’t, Poulos claims
that after having scouted the oppo-
nents his “girls” will know what to
look for and how to cope with all
situations.

St. Mary’s is confident in having
sufficient morale since they will
have a cheerleading section led by
Clearwater, Kaehn, Pike and O'-

H&E’s game of Wednesday that Just
barely got in under the wire. We
feel that an uncompleted game
should be replayed from the near-
est quarter.

Move Goals Out?

Coach Hathaway made the sug-
gestion that once the ball has been
moved inside the ten yard line the
goal line could be moved out ten
yards. This would eliminate the
danger of someone splattering their
brains along the six-inch curb and
sidewalk in one end zone and the
iron railing and walk in the other.
This would provide a longer pass-
ing area behind the goal lines and,
thereby, higher scoring games. We
feel that this is a good plan pro-
vided the refs are well instructed
on how to enforce the rule. Any-
thing but the best refing and en-
forcing of this rule will lead to
endless confusion.

Forward Pass Kicked Around

Biggest rhubarb of the session
was the discussion of the forward
pass. Firstly, just what constitutes
a forward could neither be decided
nor defined by the intercollegiate
rule book. Does a pass have to cross
the line of scrimmage in order to
be a forwm‘d or is any pass, thrown
with a forward motion a forward
pass? If the latter is true then‘ it
is permissible to have more than
one “forward” on one play pro-
vided either pass is thrown behind
the line of scrimmage. No agree-
ment could be reached for use in

Reim- the intramural league. Therefore,
we‘d like to see the intramural rules
stfﬁ‘mg‘l Link Mmzeuo.S state_ committee come to an agreement

in the very near future on these

ment to the press shows the great palms_

confidence of the team: “I feel sure
we will win if we make more goals
than the W.A.A. team".

 

Instructors Swimming. Class

The Red Cross will hold a class
for earning an instructor’s badge in
swimming if at least lO’-people sign
up. Both men and women are wel-
como. All interested may sign up
on the WAA bulletin board or con-
tact Elly Adams or Audrey Hart-
man. Sophomores.

While the attitude of the W.A.A.
team may be summed up in these
words of president Wilma Diehl:
“With the talent we have around
State. it should be easy to get a
team which can defeat that aggre-
gation."

 

     

home Dentyne Chewi i

“If I don't bring . r 
. they attack}?   . E

 

i ‘ t d that
Will '25 or:it:its.':.°.t.::'..t.'l:.'::i.::..tr.::'::r..r:
III“ M the cartoon situation and give us the caption. If your! to
"Mummy rt” can “ sense..- . l
V v’ p
i” . hadn’t!” mostly of ma. abide Company—m
lbs-e In print.
\ , ‘ h

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
  

course of tweptyé 

 

