 

 

PAOI 4

Religious Clubs
To Sponsor Picnic

On Dorm Field

Newman Club, Student Christian
Association, and Hillel are sponsor-
ing a Joint picnic Wednesday, May
‘14, on the Dorm field between
Sayles and Pierce Halls. Newman
Club will hold a Communion
breakfast Sunday, May 18, at the
Boulevard Cafeteria.

The Religious Clubs picnic will
start at 5 P. M. on the Dorm field.
According to Mary Telian, ’47,
President of Student Christian As-
sociation, there will be a baseball
game, as well as other sports. The
committee in charge of the picnic
consists of Beverly Free and Claire
Sylvestri, Juniors, and Grace Fried-
man, ’50. All students have been
invited to attend.

The Newman Club Communion
Breakfast will begin at 9 A. M, in
the private (lining room of the
Boulevard Cafeteria, according to
Eleanor Holbig, ’48, Chairman of
the committee in charge. Students
attending will receive Communion
at 8 o’clock Mass at St. Patrick‘s
Church on Central Avenue. John
Brophy, ’49, will act as toastmaster.
Committee heads for the event in-
clude Robertson Baker, ‘49, public-
ity; Wilma Diehl, ‘48. arrangements;
and Martin Stewart, “4'7, tickets.

The menu for the breakfast will
include tomato juice, bacon and
eggs, rolls, and coffee. All thOSe
who wish to attend must sign up

today on the Newman Club bulletin
board. Tickets are $1.10.

 

CENTRAL
Barber Shop

2 BARRIERS—NO WAITING
210 Central Avenue Albany. N. Y.

OT ATE COLLEOI

Procedure

(Continued from Page 2, Column .31
the "Star Spangled Banner" will be
sung.

Moving- Up Night

The rivalry skits will begin at

6:45 P. M, After these the classes
are to meet in front of Draper for
the songs. The Seniors are to
stand on the steps, the Juniors to
their right, the Sophomores oppo-
site the Seniors and the freshmen
on their left. The songs will be
sung in the order designated by the

song leader. ,

After the Seniors sing the Step
Song through once, the Seniors
holding the class banner should
move left and stand in front of the
freshmen, and the rest of that class
should move right to where the
Juniors were.

The Juniors, when the Seniors
begin to move, will follow their
banner along the walk to the peri-
style leading from Huested into
Draper, enter the side door and
come out the front door of Draper
and take their places in the former

ﬂﬂa

WIN
THRILLING
DAYS
IN NEW YORK
All. EXPENSES PAID

EXCITING MUSICAL QUIZ

£rk/m /

THE TREASURE HOUR 0F SONG

...Stars of the Metropolitan Opera, Radio’s
Outstanding Program of Fine Music
Presented by
CONTI CAS'I'ILE SHAMPOO

Every 'lhursdery Night
WABY — 9:30 P. M.

NEWS. THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1947

Senior positions. During this time
they sing their step song.

While the Seniors and Juniors
are moving, the, Sophomores move
into the place vacated by the Jun-

0
6m] ,7. Wagengast
“Buy Where the Flowers Grow”
FLORIST & GREENHOUSE
DIAL 4-1125 OUR ONLY STORE
SPECIAL ATTENTION to Sororities and Fraternities

JACK BROPHY
Student Rep.

ors.

After the Juniors haVe sung the
Step Song through once in their
position on the steps, the Seniors
turn around and march slowly down
the front walk singing as they go,
“Great Fires.” When they reach

Western Avenue, they turn right
and go down the walk towards Al—
bany High.

The Juniors on the steps turn
and go back into Draper.
classes follow in order.

. y * ' “SMOKING
. ﬂag PLEASURE

Corner of
ONTARIO & BENSON

 

Other

 

 

i i a ad st c 15.0
" Chesterfield is by far
our Largest Selling Cigarette ”_,

'3 Sherman Billingsley's SIOIK (Llil ltl NEW YORK
Robert H. Cobb “OllYWOOD'S "OWN DER"

 

39c

OIIE WEEK SPEGIAL

STATE COLLEGE SONG BOOKS

CLOTHBOUND

00-0?

39c

 

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

 

 

 

Open Evenings

IT’S ALWAYS A Pl

AAA

 

OPEN DAILY AT 8 A. M.

'YVVYVVVVVVVVVVVVVYVYVVVVVVVVVVVVvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv

Swen Snow

185% Ml!
{@eumm‘m” ' )
Home Made ICE CREAM
SODAS —- CANDY — SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Daily

One block from the College

Central Florist

ll7 Ccnt ‘al Avc.

’I‘cl. [1-1382

.EASURE TO SERVE YOU
NO MATTER HOW SMALL.‘

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA‘AAAA

__

 

i

 

 

 

 

 

.opyngu l9 7, com a rus ouuw o.

State College News;

\

 

2.444

ALBANY, NEW YORK,

FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1947

VOL. XX 5
x “as:

I, “i

Elect Prindle Student Assn. President

Muiiin Captures

a48 Presidency

Sophs Elect Wilcox;
Prochiio Heads Frosh

Alicc May Prindle has been elect-
ted president of Student Association
for the school year 1947-‘48. suc-
ceeding Ruth Bentley in the of-
fice, Robert Kittridge, '49, will take
(iVCl' the duties of vice president.

Oi-hcr Student Association offi-
cars are Ruse Mary Willscy, secre—
tary; Holen Kisiel, '48, grand marsh-
all; and Margnrct Franks, '49, song-
loader.

Eloci Mullins

Francis Mullin swupi into tho of-
ficc of '49 prosidcnt on the first
distribution. Shoila Magincss gililld
ihc vicc—prosidoncy by attaining :1
quota on the fourth distribution.

Other officers are Mary Jane
Giovannonc, secretary; William
Cornwcll, treasurer; Doris Hawks,
cheerleader; and Marian Kragh,
publicity (lirocior; Holon Kisiel,
songioudcr.

In tho Sophomorc class, Robert
Wilcox roceivcd lho office of presi-
dent on the second distribution.
Agnos McIniryc was clcciod vicc
prosidcnt of hor class, and Mario
Gricco was named socrotury. Robert
Kaiser was autoinuiiczilly elected
treasurer, sinco ihcro was no other
candidate.

()tiicr ()i't'iccrs

Also cloctcd to office wore Mary
Ciionilnnn, clu-crioadcr; Mnl'gnl‘ot
Franks. songlcndcr: Kuihrinc Grant.
Publicity Director: and Joan Pulvor,
(iirocior of Frosh Handbook.

Anthony Prochilo rouchod the
frosinnun ququ on the second distri-
bution to gain the office of prosi-
doni. Robori F‘rcycr, with just one
yolo ins that the quota, was olocicd
\‘ico prosidoni whcn :ill olhoi' condi-
dulos wcro oiiininulod. Soci'oiury for
lho Class of ‘50 is Dinno Wobbcr,
illl(i Concoilu Rosano, irousurcr.

Olhor officoi's uro Joun Koylon,
choorioudor: qun Gobo, songlcudor
Eiil’illii‘ ’l'noinpson, publicin diroc—
iiil'

Primer Names

Nieison Editor

liogor Nioii-oli. '48, has boon oloo-
lod in'diior—in—Chiof of Primor for
nor! your, ucoording io Mrs. Mui'iiyn
Skoisky, prosoni ili‘ilfi of iiio inor—
nry iiiugamno. ()ihor uppoinlinonts
iiiciudo N'rniu Ii‘uirchild, '48, Lil—
orury Editor; Siollu liogdunski. ‘49.
Art l‘i(iillii'l :ind (iooi'go i’ouios. "iii.
Husiiioss Munugor.

(in tho Hoiiior Liloriii'y Stuff nro
Ariiiur Collins, lrinu Roson und
i)unio Murciigiuiii, wilh Al'iil‘lli' iiib—
or us unsiliui'y moinbor. liui‘burii
()iio und inilon iiochfoi‘d inivo boon
numod lo lho Honioi' iiusinoss Stuff,
wilh iityohn .hunison us uuxiiiury
iiioinbor. Honior All Stuff iiioinbor
is Adi'ionin- lorio u'ilh Mury i\‘.illi.\('ii
.is inixiiiiiry monilior.

i‘iit'l'it‘d in Junior l.iloriiry Stuff
\U'i'i- /\|\'lll i"l'i(illlilil. I‘ol'sis iiock-
ridgo, [him Mills iiiili (lil'i'ord Win—
:ziilo. l\lleiilll'\ iiioniliors :ii'o .loiuiiio
lii‘uun. iiilt' (ilnoksludi, .loun Ino—
:.o11, (loi'iild‘ino Muiiinoy and .Joy
.‘illliiill \\‘.illor Ht'iiil‘k und Loonzn'd
Hkolinck lilili-ii' up lilo Junior liusi—
no». Hlnil. \\‘iilii‘ Ari Hlufl' inonibors
:ili‘ Iloion (‘ulliuno uiid l'Iildn liiron—
hiiiiz, \rllh 'l‘horosu Suluinono nnd
liiiixziiioih iiiilli' us inixlliury inoin-
iil'i'tv.

Hophoinori- .ippoliilinonis :ii'o us
iiiiiii\\h2 i"l'iilii'l.\ Androono, Yoiundu
iiiooimor. (‘iii'islniiin i.io\‘osli‘o, ilu—
\ili Mooiu-y inid Muriun Zinniioi'.
Luann Sluil. wiih Mili‘llll liush
.nui Arnold llioo. uuxiiiiii'y inoiiiboi's;
Hnili ii'i'iunlmcii, lion .luolison iiiid
Non-no 'l‘hzirsoii. Iiusiiioss Sluil';
i‘Iiioii lirown, lioyi-i‘iy lluhoi' und
i’iiiilli limo, Ai‘i. Hillii.

 

NEW PRESIDENT

g“: 
f

 

ALICE I‘ltIN “LE, '48

Creeden Heads
Commuters Club
For Next Year

Audroy Bopp, prcsidoni of Com—

ours Club, has announced that

now inrosidont is Clnro Crcodcn,

‘J.i‘, \iso oloctod to offico wcro Hcicn

C.ililuno, ‘49; Floi'onco Albright, '50,

:‘iil'Jiill'y; and Dorothy Arnold, '49,
ii'oiisuroi‘.

All tho now officers are from Troy.
uilii tho oxcopiion of Miss Crccdon,
who commutes from Round Lake.
Tho cxoculivc board, which will bo
sciocicd by tho officers, will rcprc—
soni Albany, Schenectady, Writer-
vlioi. Roussoluor nnd oihci' nearby
points.

(‘hom (‘luii

Rosuils of Choinisiry Club cicct-
lions nro as follows: Shoiuv. Mu—
ginnos, '48, prosidont; Ronald Dick-
son, ‘49, vico prosidoni: William
Dumbioion, ‘50, socroini‘y: and Ernu
Burns, "its, lrousuror.

Commorco Club oiociod Murdcll
Brusio, “in, prosidonl; Wiiiiilill Balm,
"iii, \'i('l' prosidoni; Lynn Whitc, '50,
ircusuror; Prior ’l‘ulurio, '50, sccrc-
fury; and Lloyd ’l‘nylor, '50, ro-
porior.

From-ii (‘iuh

Noxi your‘s Eronch Club will bc
lod by May (iiii\'ililllii‘ii(l, '48, pi'osi~
donl; Anlliony Prochilo, ‘50, vico-
prosidi-nl; Mui'guoriio Chuuinurd,
'48. sooi'oinry: :ind (iinu Lisi, ‘49,
ii‘ouslu‘oi‘.

Wilma Diehi Gains
Tap WAA Oiiice

Wiiinu i)iohi, ‘48, il('li\'(‘ nioiiibor
o1 Womon‘s Aililoiic Association.
luis boon oioolod prosidoul of tho
orginiixulion for lho coming your.
Also nuinod lo ofl'ico woro Mury
Quinn. All. \‘ico pi'osidonl; Murgui'oi
Hodnnui, ‘llii. offioo iiunuigor; Juunilu
Evans, '45), lrousurol‘: und liulh
Smith, '50, socroliii'y.

\VAA Inunuuol's, oloclod by iiioir
cinema, iii'o Piiirioiii ’l‘iidon, ‘~iii, liov—
oi'iy billig, '~iii, und Ruth Miilloson,
'oii. ll‘opi'osoiilnliros froin lho ihroo
ciusson in'o Lydiu iloynion, '-lii, Ann
Huiuh. ‘~iii. :lll(i Eloainoi' Aduins. '50.

List Frosh Camp Leaders

l-Jlion (‘. Hiokos, Donn of Womon,
iuis unnouncod ihul lilioiso Worlh,
“iii, \\'iii bo (iil‘i'i‘iiii‘ of i"l'(i>.il (lump
ilil' \Vliliit‘li noxl lull.

.\ii(‘i' Williiuns. '~|ii, will ussumo lilo
duiios oi sonior iissisliinl. Chitin-r-
illt‘ lloniu-ily, “iii, huh boon uumod
M‘i'l't'ili‘)'-il'i‘llhill't‘i', uiid (‘ulhoi'ino
(ii'iilll, _illllliil' ussisluiil.

(‘U-l‘iii’lii'liiilli of Hiudoni (iiiidos
:iro ('lliill‘i‘illl' (irunl und iloliorl
iiiilrodgo, Sopholiioi'os.

Appoint May
Editor— In - Chief
Of 5. C. News

Ai‘n May, a member of the STATE
COLLEGE NEWS staff for three
years, ilfls been named Editor-in-
C‘hlcf of the publication for l947-48.
Miss May was elected to NEWS
board lost year when she was named
Associate Editor.

Co-manoging Editors from the
Class of ‘48 will be Carol Irene Clark
and Ellen Rochi‘ord, associate edi-
ors this year. Also on the Board
from tho editorial staff is Paula
'fii by, Sports Editor.

Board Members

Circulation staff will be directed
by Frances Zinni, ‘48, whiic Rita
Coleman, also a Junior. will take
ovor the job of Advoriising‘ Man-
ugor.

Completing tho '47-‘48 NEWS
Board are Elsio Landau, Joan Pul-
war and Joan Spenccr, new asso-
oiuio odiiors. Additional Sports
Stuff appointments include: Jack
Brophy, Associnio Sports Editor in
charge of men‘s sports; Ariino Gold-
on and Murguroi Scumun, Associalo
Sports Editors.

I’cdugoguc Staff
Joan Eliing, '47, Editor of Peda-

gug‘uo, hus announcod lhnt Gloria

Giibori. and Dorothy Skclton, Jun—
Iors, will soi'vo us (to-editors of the
yearbook.

Oihor uppoinlinonis from the class
of ‘48 include Juno O‘Brien, litor-
nry cdilor; Nnncy Walsh, business
innnugor: Adi'ionno Iorio, art and
photography odiior; Gloria Rand,
ndvoriising Munugor: and Joan Wil-
cox, Joyco Purkoi' and Murgurot
Grosbock, sonior bourd.

Now inombors of tho junior
stuffs nro Joyco Simon, Mario I-loltz,
Agni-s Mclniyro, Mary Juno Pcris
21nd Cuihorino Donnolly, Lilcrory;
Virginia Kolior and Glonyco Jones,
Advoriising; Elfriodc Lucmnu-rzuhl
and Anita Moiowoiz, Business; Mu—
riol I-iodgos, Lonu Soi'cinolli, Raini—
ondu Pilnio. and Eiouiior Curiucci,
Ari and Photography.

Religious Clubs
Choose Oiiicers

Nl'\\'lllllil Club‘s now prosidoni for
how-lit is Eiounor I-iolbig, whiic Stu—
donl (‘hrisllun Association will bo
iindor tho dirociioii of Marion Mior-

fin.

()liiol‘ Nou'muii officors zii'c .lohn
iirophy, Vii), yico prcsidoiil; Aiioo
Rioiiy, '51), Soon-airy; uli(i Mury Cul-
iiii(il'll. ‘50. ii‘ouslll‘oi'. 'i‘ho unnuui
Nowinun Club zi\\‘:n'd for lho Senior
who has dono iiic niosi for tho or-
gnnizulioii goos io ii‘iol'olu'l' Wilson.

H(‘i\ ()l'i'icoi's

SCA oiiicors uro Murio lliilfooi'l,
Kid. \'1('o prosidonl; Killili'l'llli' Grunt,
"iii. li'ousinor; :ind l.ooinii‘d \Vooks,
"fill, socrolui'y.

l‘rosidoni of iiilor-Vursily Cili'lh-
iiini i"oiili\\'siii|) for tho coming your
is i‘i\'t‘i)'ii iiooiociioi'. ‘~iii. \\'i|ii iiulh
i‘i'ico, "Iii, \'I('o pi'osidonl; iioris lion—
dor, '-lii, socroliiry; iiohoi'l Eldon, 'fio,
il‘t‘dh‘lll'l'l'i Doris liooiniingor, "iii,
missionary soorolury; and Doris
i’l‘ii'o. '50, sooiui sooi'olui'y.

i'liiioi I‘Iioois

iiiiioi ofi'ioors ul‘o iiiiii Shupii'o,
“iii. prosidoni; .loycc Simon, '~lii,
vu'o prosidoni; (Yinu'iolio (ioidsloin,
‘-iii, soci'i-(ury: Hoymour ii‘oi'sil, 'i’io,
lrousuroi‘; linrinu'u llylnun. "Iii, iiiid
Yoiuudu (ilooknor. 'iili, publicity
ciniiruion.

Reveal New Myskania Today,-

Students Choose 13 Members

Ten Women, Three Men On Judiciary;
New Procedure Used For Second Year

The second elected Myskania in State College history was tapped in
Page Hall auditorium this morning during traditional Moving-Up Day
activities. In accordance with Student Association constitution, the new
judicial body for 1947-48 contains 13 members, seven from the recom-
mended list submitted by this year’s organization, and six elected from the
21 students suggested by members of Student Association and Myskania.

Tapping ceremonies began after classes had “moved up" to their new
seats and participated in the singing of “:Arm in Arm”.

Elizabeth Rose Hilt, Myskanla president, and Theodore Robert Combs
stepped to the front of the stage to signify that the ceremony was about
to begin. Then Philip Lashinsky and Alice Knapp Randall left the stage
and walked up opposite sides of the auditorium. Meeting in the back
of the room, they proceeded down another aisle and Combs announced the
name of the new Myskanin’s first member, STANLEY ABRAMS, Speak—
or of Forum, and active in Debate and Athletics.

Leaving the stage to tap the second member were Joan Helen
Alvcrson and Mary Frances ’I'cssier, who escorted GLORIAL LIL-
LIAN GILBERT lo the stage. Miss Hilt pinned the purple and gold
Myskaniﬂ tassel on Miss Gilbert's dress, and the new member was led
to hor scat. She has been director of Student Union Board, class presi-
,dctnt_:iuring licr Sophomore year, and has participated in many campus
uc lVl 10s.

ANN MAY, Editor—in-Chief of next year’s STATE COLLEGE NEWS,
was the third name called by Combs from the stage. Miss May, who was
tapped by Mrs. Randall and Miss rI‘essier, has been Sophomore Desk
Editor and .sociuto Editor of the NEWS, and is a member of various
organizations.

After these members of the old and new Myskania had resumed their
plucos, Elizabeth Ann Margot and Edna Marie Sweeney moved off the
stage and proceeded slowly to the rear of the auditorium, and continued
to the row in which HELEN MARY KISIEL was seated. The new Grand
Marshall joined her escorts and proceeded to the stage to receive her
tasscl and ho congratulated by Miss Hilt. Miss Kisiel has been Student
Association songleader for two years, assistant director of Press Bureau,
Campus Commission treasurer, and an active member of Inter-Group
Council.

Miss Margot again left the stage, this time accompanied by Mary
Ellen ’I‘clinn, and the pair moved down the aisle to tap the '47-'48 Stu—
dent Christian Association president, MARIAN CORNELIA MIERAS.
Co-chnirmnn of Junior Guides. Myskania’s fifth member has also served
as treasurer and first cabinet member of SCA.

chi. in order was ALICE MAY I’RINDLE, who will take over the
giivcl‘. president of student Association. She was brought to the stage
by Joan I. vcrson and James Thomas Conley, who remained with her until
she rcccivcd congratulations from the other new members and assumed
hor place. A Student; Council member for three years, she worked on the
constitution committee last Spring, was chairman of State Fair, and
sci-rod in scvorni other organizations at State.

Tho socond man to be tapped this morning was JOIIN FRANCIS DOOu
LEY. well known for his participation in sports and present member of
Men's Aihlotic Association council. Dooley, who was led to the stage by
Ruth Winifred Bentley and Clyde Keith Cook, is also vice president of
his class. With six still to be tapped, Miss Bentley again left the stage,
nccompunicd by Clyde Keith Cook, as Combs announcer] the election of
EIAHSE CONS'I‘ANCE WORTH. Vice president of Student Association
this your, shc will direct Frosh Camp for Women for the Class of ’51. Miss
Worlh has boon on War Activities Council, Student Council, Debate
Council, and ICC executive board, as well as other organizations.

WILMA FRANCES DIEIIL, who will head Women's Athletic Asso-
ciation, guincd tho ninth Myskunia position. She has held various WAA
officos during the past. three years, and has been active in many sports.
Silo was luppod by Joan Alvcrson and Edna Sweeney. Lois Irene Hutchin-
son, nipping for tho first lime, and Mary Tclian circled the auditorium
and met to oscori. Rll'l‘ll VIVIISN SEELBACII to the tenth place. A
participant in SCA and ICC, she has held offices in both those groups
and is prosi’doni of Math club.

Junior prosidonl ALICE JEAN WILLIAMS was noxt called by Combs,
whilo Ciydo Cook and Lois Hutchinson waited to til-kc her to the stage.
A inombor of ICC council and co—chnirmun of the organization’s seminar,
riio hus purlicipuiod in SCA and has served as Campus Commission sec-
i'oinry. Juinos Conley and Mary Tclinn thcn movch down the aisle to tap
.RI'I‘A SIIAI'IRO, ii'ii‘cc-ycur member and treasurer of Debate Council and
Junior Sports Editor on STATE COLLEGE NEWS. She is also active in
ililioi und hus scrvod on Campus Commission since her freshman year.

'i‘ho coromony ondod \vilh thc tapping of WILLIAM DUNDAS BALI)-
WIN by Clydc Cook and Mrs. Runduil. Ho is Co-chnirmnn of Student
(’iuidos ihis your und has boon ciuss irousuror for two yours. Drninatics
and Arts Council nionibor uud fronsurcr, and member of SCA second cab~
iiioi.

Shapiro Will Direct Diiiin D&A Presideiit;
Debate Activities Music Council Elects

iillzi Slinpiro. ’48, will Lnkc ovor Dummy Dimllv '48» “1‘8 been
ml, pwmlmcy “1‘ Dump. Council nuinod prosidonl. of Drninutics and
W.“ W”: Min-)- mp.” Dime“ '47. Arts Council to suocood Clyde Cook,
prosidoiii, hus uiuiouncod. Vico pi‘os- "17- 0”“‘1' 119‘" “mm-‘13“ “1'0 Clinic?“
Mm” mu 1),. sump“. “mung um ino Donnolly, lrousuroi', nnd Rich-
Now Council inonibors uro Botlc “m Fi‘llihi’l‘si “Well”?-
Jonos, 'Alii; Mury Odiick, Jo—Ann .Ios- MW‘" comm“ “Cm-Pd 099111“
H“. A” mm, mm Gmrgu Chi-151,1 Coiouuin president for '47-'48, with
Soplioinoros, Mary Alice Roan und Milli" Mill'sm'rv '49- 5001141113“ “lid
Abruhum 'l‘roi), lroshinon. JW“ Mum“ '49v “"“lﬁlu't‘n
Oihor inoinbors include Shirley
Mr. Alii'ums hus uiso boon cloctcd Wobb ilil(i Pcrsis Hockridgo, orches-
Hpoilkoi‘ of Forum. lic will bo us- li'u rcprcsontuiivos; Stuart Cuinp—
sislcd by boui'd inoiiibors Ai'iono bill and Elizabeth Williams, oper—
Irilior, Soymour Soondiok und Mur- ciui Roproscninllws: Ann Gourlcv
ion liuiicook, .iniiiors, liosiio Dc- und Joun Sinploton, chorus reprod-
Wooi'dl, “in, mild (lol'uiiiilio Coopor- soniutivos; and Joan Erlimdson und
innn, '50. Rth Wales, fresluncn.

 

