 
 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 

  
   
 

 
  
 

 

  
  
 

   

 

  

 

     

 

 

 

.‘wu

 

GRADS ..
USENHJRS excellent material for the rivalry
80pm swim. Miss Tildcu urges all inter-

 
 
 

 

 

 

mu

STATE COLLIGI NIW’. FRID‘AYﬁ MARCH 731547

 

 

 

A” in Si O l
  
Day’s" ~ I
.wérk Psi Gom Second
‘  or viscous-oar .  Takes 

cause can Common . S ' ‘I
.wSeveral things were brought to I n oror'  TI 
, ,, attention this week, that warm-
‘ ,m up to nowdublous opinion Although the 1947 winter sports
conc'o“ errLingf MAA sport‘s}. There gains. season has already hailed Gamma
ce r, men’ ‘ -‘ '
Erwwithpe 18.0mm“ safatgr goggdate; Kappa Phi sorority as champions
ma one up for doubles mm tom“. of the group house-sorority basket-
teen names signed. (Just got a not, ball tournament, the teams that will
, ththug;1 Nobllellil going to wallk off hold second and third place are
e e -

bets?) To map tﬁhizggng'gfliw09éwmllag still being decided. The playoffs are
 mm the Gradﬁophomore scheduled for next week when the
genie. whenfaglked whether or not rounds Wm be completed'

ey were 0 e opinion that the 3mm
Grads were going to take the fom- P1116 d a Win,
o'us League A were actually vehe- B t e; ay night Psi Gamma met
ment on the subject—sez they, and the a em in a poorly played game
we quote_.,N° doubt about it!" at resulted in a 10-5 victory for
amen Babe? As for us. were wait_ Psi Gam. Neltherlteam used their
lug until the play offs betWeen Pot- regular phiyers — Kopec’ '48’ and
to, Club and the winners of League Genevese, 48 filling in for Psi Gam-
A. It should certainly be a drawing ma Whue Brim“ and map“ “‘7'
card smce more and more mteres and Parker, 48, substituted for the
“em to be forth coming m mews Madison Avenue squad. Most of the
mtmmumls. Things are looking up_ scoring was done in the second half
or are they as concerning concem_ although both periods were slow
m8 MM baseban . moving. Kopec, 48, was high scorer
AGAIN & AGAIN & AGAIN for Psi Gain with 4 points while

Twentrﬂve men signed up for Baker, 4'7, paced the Beta Zeta squad
varsity baseball—eight showed up tallying 5 pomts'
101' the meeting so What? You Sorority League Completed

heard it right, so what? How can

the fellows be expected to tum The second and third place of the

their attention to baseball when $231221“ leai‘uﬁ’t W815) hidstiimined

we’re still in th h . Y n g as e a for-
e t mes of 8’ bnz felted to Psi Gamma. This leaves

zard? The lukewarm attitude at .
the M M Council m e Psi Gamma in the second position
e ting can also and Beta Zeta running third. Those

be explained by the weather. Th
(Eamon to put varsity baseball 0: teams will meet Farrell and Sayles
an informal basis may do as a tem- resPectlvply next week'
porary solution, but the final de-
cision should rest on further in-
gfrtigeétion oi the situation. It’s one
V g o s ar a sport early, but re-  R d
member the chili is hardly off the  esume
baggethail seasdnl
AA is fast writin finls to this I  S '

season’s basketball leaggue what with n I e av'ng
Gamma Kappa Phi taking top
honors. They deserve their title and The WAA Life Saving Classes Were
the cup by putting out a team that resumed this week according to
not only took the smoky league, Patrica Tilden, '48. Captain of Swim
but beat, the pierce team from the ming. The classes have not been
Group House league. held for the past three weeks due

Speculation on the outcome of the to an injury suffered by Miss T11-
ping pong singles 15 running, den in a basketball game.
(This seems to be the week for
guessing games) with several ex_ Instructions are given each Thurs-
perts already contending (see WAA day evening from Seven to eight"
bulletin board for names) it will thirty at the Jews“ Community
probably be hard fought, While we Center. Approximately sixteen swim-
stm have some allowance left we,“ mers are training for certification
put it on Adeline Fischer _ we asSenior Life Guards while six per-
admit the tables could be turnedl 5°“ are working for Advance‘i

Swimmers badges under the Red

Cross Water Safety program. Miss
Tilden, a qualified life guard and
holder of the Red Cross Instructor's
certificate, is the only teacher in
life saving this year.

 

 

 

 

 

 

lNTnA-MURAL LEAGUE
STANDINGS
Frat League

Wins Losses

wwwwq

2

3 According to Miss ’i‘ilden, inter-

7 est in swimming has been high and
classes well attended. The majority

 

State To Meet Plattsburg; EEP Holds lead
Play Last Home Game

Defeats KB As
1., m m, me We 0, me  SL8 Takes Two

'son, the Varsity basketball team Six fast contests featur
mill play Plattsburg State Teachers the MAA Intramural negligime
i Page gym' tonight. The prelim- week. Second round got under way
nary game will feature Potter Club this week and better all-around play
and Lippmans Pharmacy. gave promise of better basketball
State played Plattsburg early in for the remaining Games-
the season and defeated them in a In the Frat League POW” held
close contest 61-43, at Plattsburg. “5 lead With a “'27 Win over KB-
The game was nip and tuck all the KDR split two games, downing x13
way and was tied 35-35 at the 47-19 and losing to 81:5 36-31. SL5
mee-quarter mark when  in also beat KB.  the Departmental
the last quarter started pulling away Leaguev the Grads ’11de the 5019115
to take the game, 36-27 while the frosh lost No. to

Merigis, Plattsburg’h captain, will {‘38 J’-'S’-'5 23'3" and *0 the Grads
GRADS

be the man to watch and Coach
Hathaway will probably give Bolo
Marsland this Job. Teamed with
8010 will be either Evans 0 Hermans ‘
O’Brien in the guard slots. Kirby. sum“ '
who started the last two games, will Mason "
be in the center post with Fersh,

vSichr‘ijrgsk, George or Marzello as for- Ly
a .

On the Road "‘

Last weekend State went on the Totals """"""""""" " 16
road to take on Ithaca College and FROSH
Oswego State. In the first game
State went down in defeat 6’7-46
before a superior team. Saturday
night State also lost 53-37. In both
games Ken George was high scorer
with nine points in the first con-
test and eight. in the second.

The Junior Varsity and the Flnks

NMMHHﬂwa

 

Ol COOOOO Ull HONOO&O%
gl Mmumac  miuoomugaa

 

 
 
  

of the Intramural League will Jour- SL5
ney to the YMCA tonight to take on Chase
teams from ABC. Trim """""""""""""""" " i 2
~——— Capel .... .. II 2 8
P glppick .. 2 10
- - arr ................................ ..
mg Pong Tilt _ _° _"
N F. Totals ...................... .. 15 6 36
KDP
ear inal Set Stone .............................. .. 5 o 10
Mol'l‘itt.  1 0 2
The WAA Ping Pong Tournament Pfaff - - - . . . . - - . . - . . . .. 3 0 6
has reached the final stages of the Verl‘ey .  3 0 6
play-off. The fourth round has Baden  1 0 2
been erLtetl'ed with play-offs taking 138M311   1 2 4
p ace e Ween members in W000 ......................... . .
third round. the  u 3 —1 i
In the fourth round only five of Totals ...................... .. 14 3 31

the seven games have been com-

Frosll To Meet
Myskania Thurs.

In Loop Contest

‘Thursday at 4:30 in the Page
Hall gym the Myskania Marauders
will meet the “Blue Jays" of ’50 in
a fast and furious game of basket-
ball. This match is a result of the
challenge issued by Myskania to the
fresh, Friday, February I.

The game will mark the first time
that the frosh basketball team has
officially played together. The
game will, of course. be closely
watched by many ’49ers to see just
exactly how the frosh team stands
up. This will be the first test of
their ability to play as a team and
should be a fair sample of what
they’ll be able to do against the
Red Devils.

The Marauders have a fighting
forward line with “Tuck-up" Tes-
sier, "Rangy" Randall and "Burn-
up Court" Bently as first string.
Margot, and Hilt have proven their
prowess as guards, in many past
games, and “Swivel-hip" Sweeney
will add that bit of spark that Coach
Combs is confident will carry the
marauders to glorious victory. Al-
verson, Hutchinson and Telian will
sub, in order listed, if and when any
of their peppy team-mates become
unpeppy."

Dlehl and Quinn, frosh managers,
have announced that the fresh are
shaping up very well. There is no
definite line-up for the fresh as yet
but among those to see action will
be Koch, Matteson, Smith, Henkel,
Free] Vailentino, Adams, Hotaiing
and Dubcrt. '

There is to be a 90 admission
charge for the benefit of the Albany
Home for Children.

 

OTTO ll. MENOE

THE COLLEGE Jaws:LG

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

pleted. The winners were: T. Ma-
honey, ’47, over E. Adams, ’50, S.
Fisher, ’48, over J. Serebnlck, ’50,
B. Wakin, '47, over R. Lilienfeld,
’47, A. Fischer, ’48, over P. Tichy,
:23, and R. Weiss, '48, over J. Evans,

vvv—v—v

Central

Captains A. Fischer, ’48, and S.
Fisher, '48, have asked that all
games be played off as soon as pos-
sible or they will be forfeited.

There are only two more games
to be played until the finals are
reached. If time allows, after the
final play-offs, women doubles will
be arranged. It is also hoped that
a game may be held with MAA.

Open Evenings

 

LOCKROW’S Book Store

56% Spring Street
ALBANY ll, N.Y. Tel. 4-0731

V'lfe Invite you to come in and
BrOWse around." 2 floors of I
books.

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv

 

One block from the College

117 Central Ave.

 

 

IT’S ALWAYS A PLEASURE TO SERVE YOU
NO MATTER HOW SMALL.

Florist

Tel. 4-1332

 

the swimmers are freshman,

 

De t.
p League Hu'w‘ns [403805 many of whom show promise as

    

csted persons to contact her for ad-

Studies ditionai information.

Frosh

TO JOB OPPORTUNITIES

GOV-‘th
NW9:

 

    

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvyvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv‘ vvvvvv

lT _
elephone 4 2290 Est. 18773

i e///(I/I’:l ("on W" “jaw-em)!» ‘

i
E WATCHES and DIAMONDS ‘
E 0/ Better Quality ‘
E 20 So. PEARL STREET ALBANY, N. vi
, 1

 

 

  
   

Thousands of businesses standardize
on Burroughs Bookkeeping, Calculat-
ing and Billing Machines. The need
for skilled Burroughs operators is con-
tinuous. For information call or write
BURROUGHS OPERATOR SCHOOL
Burroughs Adding Machine Company

Dear Mao:—
Iv‘ioo years lrom now you’ll be glad you kept your
college memoricsdn an album that’ll last a lifetime“

GENUINE LEATHER
ALBUMS AND SCRAPBOOKS

The (lo-op has ’em—

 

Ill It“. 8... All!!! 7. NJ. Phone I-uu

 

 

OOOO FOOD

ill a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

 

 

2-444

Dr. John Sayles
Retires Position

As President

Nelson Assumes Duties
Temporarily; Successor

Will Be Named Later

Dl‘. John Manville Sayles resigned
his position as President of State
College last Monday. He has been
ill with a heart ailment since Feb-
ruary 9.

 

Dr. Saylos was appointed acting
president ill 1939 after the death of
D1'. Abl'llm Bl‘llbllclli‘i' and was for—
:. ull. :lppoilllod in tho position by
lllo Bo.ll' of Regents ill 1943. Be-
fore becoming President he held
sowrnl other positions at State
Ccllogc.

Formuliltcs Education Course

Well known ill educational cir-
cles. Dr. Saylcs has boom :1 frequent
speaker at meetings of oduculors
and a contributor to educational
magazines. Herc at State Collcgo.
be formulated tho ocluc‘alional pro—
gram which consists of 2 years of
education for Sophomores and Jun—
iors alld a schedule of pl'nclico
touching. and held monthly confor-
cncos and fill flllllllill round-table for
teachers of the stale. Ho is a mom-
bar of the National Educational
Association. lilo National Society of
Teachers of Education, Phi Beta
Kappa, illld Kappa Phi Kappa.

Activo in Albany Affairs

Always llcllvc ill Alblllly business
circles. Dr. Sllylcs is :1 melllbol' of
tho. Board of tho Albillly Home for
Children, lilo. Flu'ulol's' and Moch-
iluics' Blink. ilil(l ll'llsloo oi' the Dild-
loy Observatory, and as Pl'osidollt
of tho Rotary Club ill tho yours
1037-1938.

Ulllll u ])(‘i'lllilil(‘lll pl‘osldolll. is
ll])])0lllif‘(l, Dl‘llll Millou G. Nolsou.
Donn ol‘ the Collogo. will uol ils
l’l‘osidoul.

New Commiiiee
To Help Miller
Willi Orphans

Slilllolll (‘ollul'il llilH :ippollllod u
('zlllllullloo lo wol'k willl Clllll‘los
Millol'. '40. ill |)l'l)\'lllllll.‘, llllll‘l' l'l'o-
(ulolll olllol'lllillmolll l‘ol' llll‘ ollll-
lll'l‘ll of lllo Allluuy llllllll‘. Tlll‘
molubol's oi lllo llowly-nppollll-od
“(lllllllllll'l‘ who will llulko pious for
'll“ l'ollulilulol' ol' lllls your and lloxl
\l'ill‘ lll'l‘ (lol‘ulilllli- Coopol'uuill. '50,
l :lllol'l lx’llll'ollgo llllil .lollll lVloCilbo,
S:,pllollllll'os. llllll Al'llllo lllbol'. '-lll.

'l‘llo ulovoluolll llll‘ ol'plulll oulol'-
'lllllllll'lli which was l‘il'sl. lluluulu'ill-
oil by Milli‘l’ sovol‘lll wooks llgo luls
llooll growing rloudlly siuoo llllll
Illuo. As :l l‘osull of his proposal.
lilo ll‘l‘lllilll'll slzluod llll'll‘ Big-ll.
"l‘llo l‘AwLIol'i-ll Will." ill lllo llolllo
\Vl'illli‘Mlll)’. Mill'oll 5. mid lilo l‘l'osll-
mou womoll lulvo also luildo plillls
lo lullo spoolul illlol'osl ill lllo l'lill-
“you by lulvllul l‘ili‘li slulloul llo ill
l'llul'uo ol' ollo l‘llllll. 'l‘lloso slu-
llollls will sook lo olllol‘luiu lilo or-
plulus llll'oullll ooolislolull movloﬁ.
llil'llllllly oill'lls illlll l)llll‘l' spoollll
pious 'l‘llo Hoplloulol'o l'lllHH lully
olo prom-lit llll'll‘ lilu—ll :ll lilo
llllllll' Mlllll‘llllll‘ ill Apl'll.

Fiosll May Sign For Peri

.loilu I'lllillil, '~l'.’. l‘illlllll' of i'illd-
Illlliiil. llils illllllliilll‘l‘ll llllil loillly is
llll' lll‘ll (ill) llll' ll'l“llllll'll llosll'llu:
lo \\'lil‘ll ou l’oli lo .‘llllll llp lll lllo
oil'loo lll illl‘ ("ominous

(‘omplllool'y l'l-tliuloiluo ollh i‘llthl'h
\vlll ho llolll 'l‘llosllilv uigllls uulil
Movilllldlp llily for llll luombol's ol'
lilo Soplloulol‘o and Junior sllll‘l's.

 

 

State College News

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. MARCH 14, 1947

DR. JOHN M. SAYLES
(Times Union)

hag.“ Engage  "
Sopll President,
To Replace Baker

’I‘llomils llisllol' has been elected
pl‘osidclll of tho Sophomore, clllss to
complclo lilo unexpired term of
Robol'lsoll Bllkol'. who resigned the
office lwo wooks ago. The new head
of lilo Class of ‘49 lloscd out his
two oppollollls on tho soc‘oud dis—
ll‘ibllllOll willl 200 points over lilo
quota.

Numoriclll Rosults
120 x 100

Quolil ———r-—#——-~ |- l 0‘00]
1 Al 1
l 2
Fl‘ullcollo   .  . . 2300 ...... ..
Kil ll‘odgo . ,  ....... .. , 4400 5700
Liskor ,   . .......... .. 51:00 0300
'I‘Olill . . . , . . . . . .. , 12000 12000

Rivalry Standing

As l..‘lskol' ltlkos ()\'l‘l‘ lilo oil‘ioo,
lllll‘ Rivalry sooro stands of ill“;
7 ill favor of tho
Sophomol‘os.
lJilsl \vook‘s do-
blllo l'llisod 'llil‘s
told] from 12
poillls 10 its
pl'osoul slllud-
lug. illld llu'oo
luol'o polllls will
bo lll slllko lll
\ lllo gil'ls' blis—
Lllolllllll oolllosi

    ‘ w llll'll opolls
lloxl \\'('l'l(.

S

  

Annex Will Open State 
With "Gay Nineties Review”?

 

Greeks Propose

New Rush Rules

For Next Year

Plans Will Eliminate
Hush On Sororities

Molly Kramer. ‘47. President of
inter-Sorority Council, has all-
uoullccd that ii new set of rules for
sorority rushing has been proposed
to lake lilo plilco of the present
regulations and which. if approved
by Dr. Ellen G. Stokes. Dean of
Women. will go into effect next
semester.

Rushing will still be conducted
first semester and as ill past years,
open rushing will begin the first
day of school but according to the
new plans, will continue until the
Monday after Thanksgiving, when
silont period will open. This silent
period will continue ulllil the sec-
ond Tuesday after Thanksgiving
l'CCOSS when pledge services will be
held.

Eliminate Noll-Rush Period

According to Miss Kl'llmol‘, the
llou—l'usll period which extends
from tho closo oi‘ the opoll houses
lo the beginning ol' the formal l‘usll
pol'lod will bo olilnillillcd. During
lllls lloll-l'usll pol'iod lilo pl‘cscllt
l'ulos slillo lllnl. lllol'o (‘llil be no so-
cial ougiigomouls or exchange of
drooling bolwooll sorority lllculbel's
llllCl i‘llSlll‘f'S at. any Limo outside of
lilo collogo.

As ill l‘ol'ulol' yours. lilo number
of wolllou lll lllly clilss tilllt ll soror-
ily may plodgo sluill be limited to
15. Howovol'. according lo lilo now—
ly pl'oposod l'lllos, fivo mol'o womoll
ulily bo plodgod during socolld som-
oslol‘.

Mny Discuss Sororities

Allotllol' change would be the
l‘llll‘lllilllOll of lllo socllon of the
rushing l'ulos which says that ill-
dividunl sol'ol'ily lllolubol's mily bo
l’l'iolldly with l'uslloos. but iii, no
lilllo may allow sorority motions to
l‘llll'l‘ illlo lilo couvol'sullou. Ulldol'
lllo llow syslolu. sorority lllllllol‘s
would in disollssod ill l-lli‘ opou lllucll

((‘olllillllod on Pogo /,, Colltlllll 3)

Clowns, Magic, Music, To Furnish
Background For Circus Charmers

Clowns. lllllRll'lilllh illlll bollullos
:ll‘o lopplllg lilo l‘llll‘l‘llllllllll'lll bill-
l.f~l:ll'o Silllu'lllly llilllll. Mlll'l‘il 29,
ill lllo Soplllmol'o Hill—ll. 'l‘llo llilll
ol lllo Clllsw of NW.) is "llol ollly lo
wul lilo l'l\'ull'y poiuls ll'oul lilo
ll'osll. hill to pill on ll show llllll
will l‘olllly lll' l'olllolubol‘l-d ill Slillo.”

All illluospllol'o ol l‘iillll‘ llllll
1:.lll‘l_\' will llo lllillllillllll‘ll ll'()lll llll‘
l‘ll'sl opolulul of lllo door of Pogo
llilil. Hold down lo llll‘ lllsl llllllco
ill lllo gym. 'l‘llo lull‘llol‘ ill. lilo
liolii-l lloolll illlll llll' l'lowll llSlll'l‘h’
llllsllll llllluullo lilo llloulo of ii oil‘-
- l.‘ ll'.‘ Woll. you might slly so

lllll lllol'o‘s mol‘o!

‘l‘llol'o‘s lilo slilllollllull who
l'llillllll‘h illl' lull lllllll‘ll bolwoou lilo
ll\l' .‘ll'i‘lll‘h lll l'lll‘ll of lllo l\\'l) ilols.
lIlll'h u l'l‘llllllll you of vlllldoylllo
lloys‘.’ Ulll‘l'u. Hllilll‘Jlll‘ hillll 'i‘llol'o's
lululo. lo llo .‘w’lll'l‘, bill lilo lloxoll ol'
lllill'o llll llllll‘s llllly lllll ll'llllllll
you of llllll'il. This music it. lllo
lllull llllll \\'ill hill)‘ ill Slillo l()l‘
\vi-olls; ll'oy’li lil' lllluulloll lll lilo
llllll‘». sum ill lllo lookol's, llllll
\\'lll:>lll‘ll lll lllo (‘ollllllolm Wllol'o
ol~<o l‘llll onl- soo siloll hilllllll‘ manic
or. plllllul'. ll l‘illlllll from ll lull dollo
ill Hill‘li ll clllll'uullg nulullol'? Only

7

ill on illllillolll' lungiolnu‘s show, of
oolu'so. Souloouo ilskod if il. wow
u bollilly ooulosl nlld lllo obvious
:lllswol' is llull ill llo olllol' \l'lly oilll
ll l‘l‘\'ll‘\\' ol lll'ly of lilo “pl'olllos” of
lllllll bo pl'osolllod.

ll all sounds ll lllllo l'ilulllslio, bul.
llloll ill'oll‘l llll i‘llll'y llllos ll lllvllo
oll lllo llul'olllisllo sldo'.’ Suoll ll
i-olullilllilloll llllll luol'o loo. milko for
l'llll‘l'llllllllll‘lll. iloool’d‘llll: lo llobol‘l
Wlloox. '40. who is lllo l‘llllll‘lllllll
o1 lilo wllolo llll'liil'.

“And I“i)lll' To Go" ls llll‘ Soplls‘
ulusloill \‘ol'siou of lllo l'illlll pluy
lll lilo hl‘i‘ll‘h sllolvll ill Now York
l‘flly. During lilo lllsl loll yours.
lilo llu'oo pillys. "Ollo l“Ol' 'l‘llo
Mom-y." "'l‘wo l"l)l‘ ‘l‘llo Show." ulld
"'l‘lu'oo 'l‘o Mlillo lioildy.” llllvo llooll
lll‘oilliwuy pl‘olllll'llolls. llsillo, llloso
lllll'h us ll sloguu. lllo Hoplloulol'os
llll\'l' llnislloll it with wind llloy
llopo will bo ll suulsll llil.

'l‘llo lloolll‘lilivo ill-homo oi lilo
lllllll'l' following lilo lull-ll will bo
\lllllllll' lo lilo oilo llsoll ill lilo nud—
llol'lulu. 'l‘lllll‘s lilo Sopllllluol'o
lilg—ll on March 20, ill 0:30 I‘. M.
llllll liokols will ho oll slilo ill lowol'

lli'lllh‘l' till next week.

   

oacaiigstto: A. p.

i

1

VOL. xxxn No.1).

 .  Commons Finale _

   

ALICE I’RINDLE

litigatiéi'itl’"
Schedule Events
For Next Week

Tllo religious clubs are sponsoring
sovol'nl religious and social events
this week. Sally Dullll. '47, Presi—
dent of Newman Club, has all-
uoullcod that the club has schedul-
od il St. Patrick's Day entertain-
molll. Monday noon ill the Com-
mons lo l-cplilcc tho illlllillll Hill'p's
Riol.

During lilo l‘omnilllllg Sundays of
Lent, lilol'o will be “Sunday Half-
lloul's" ill. Nowillllll Hull ill. 4:30 P.
M.. with boucdlclioll, prayers, and
ii sermon by Father G. Edward
Smith. Cliilplilill of Newman Club.
lVCli‘

Inter-Varsity Clll'isliilu Follow-
ship will lilko pill'l. ill a. bowling
party with RPI luld Ullion ill the
RPI l.‘._\'lll, tonight ill. 8 P. M.. lic-
ool'ding lo Mul‘lol Owous. ‘49, Pl‘cSl—
(loot. Clllllorillo Grant, '49. has
charge of l'ol‘l‘osllluollls and the
own lll‘l‘ inking cilln'go ol' lllc other
lll‘l‘illlgolllcllls.

(‘ilntl-rllury i‘lub

Joilll Henry. ‘47, President of
Cilulol'blll‘y Clllb. llils illulouuccd
llull ll Col'pol'lllo Communion will
bo llolll ill. Sly. Andrew‘s Church,
Sunday ill 8 A. M.. following which,
breakfast will be sol'vod by Gunter-
blu'y Clllb lili(l Sl. Alldl'ow's Follow-
slllp.
llllloi

'l‘llo l'llllol foundations ol' RPI luld
Russoll Sago Collogos have invited
lilo Slillo Collogo l-llllol lo ii post-
pul'iul plu'ly ill. lilo .iowisll Commu—
llily Coulor in Troy this Sunday of.
il l‘. M.. lll'col‘liiug lo Solomon Mills—
born. '47. Pl‘osiiloill. All llloso who
wish lo llili‘llll should sign up on
lilo lllllol bllllolln bolll'd ill lolvol‘
I.)l'llpol'. 'i‘llis Wolluosdily. I—Illlol
molubol's will hold u luooliug ill lilo
l.olulgo lll 3:30 1’. M.. with Rilbbl
.losopll l’ilbilolluloll spollkillg‘ on tho
loplo. "ltooollsll'uoliou .llllillislu."

Grad Club Announces
Committee For owns

Rollol‘l lloluloll, l’l‘oslllolll ol' lilo
(lrnll Club, has iluuoullooli lllul.
gl'illlulllo slullollls who lll'o lo l'o—
i'oivo ilii‘li' lllllsil'l"u lll'll‘oos in .llluo
will bo l'ollluolod from Mlli‘i'll ill-
20 llloluslvo lloolll lilo mum of clips
and gowns.

A oouuu‘llloo luls boon llppl'liulod
and will lil'l'llllgo lo gel sinus and
oollool. llll‘ $3.50 l'l'llllll foo. Volol'illls
llllly llll\'(‘ llloir foo i-lllll'goll lo tlloll‘
llccouills ill the Co—op.

‘i To Conclude Fair

Group'iHouscs, Frets .
ponsor Concessions ‘

Alice Prindle,- '48, Chairman of
State Fair, has announced that the
Fair will open in Page Hall tomor-
row night at 7:30 P. M. with a Gay
Nineties Show produced by Sayles
Annex. Tile program will end with
a finale in the Commons at 11:30
P. M.

The recorded music from the mo-
tion picture “State Fair" will per-
vade the lower corridor 01 Draper
throughout the evening. Admission
to the shows which‘will end at 11
P. M. is only 9c.

Hucsted. Features Shows

starting in the lower corridor of
Huested, the Annex and cafeteria
area. the Fair includes mostly
shows. Hillel and Phi Delta will
share the inner cafeteria room with
Hillel conducting a game conces-
sion and Phi Delta sponsoring a
dog show. Pierce and Sayles will
share the other room for their
Cafes with Sayles using a Mexican
Fiesta theme. Psi Gamma's Gale
under the Huested stairs will feat-
ul'e fortune tellers.

Gamma Kappa Phi will walk the
halls selling balloons. cigarettes, and
Myskania will spend their evening
selling peanuts.

Show in P.O.

Entering Draper. the Publications
Office will be used for a musical
show, “Years of US" by Newman
Hull. Across from the P.O., Wren
Hall will have an ice cream con-
cession. Van Derzee Hall willcon-
duct an alarm clock raffle across
from the organization lnall boxes,
and ill the place where the Stamp
Booth used to be Kappa Delta will
sell candied apples. Commuters'
Clilb is having a soda concession
between the mail boxes and the
men's locker rooms, and Stokes Hall
will have a kissing booth under the
library stairs.

Concessions ill Commons.

Outside the Commons, there will
be a food concession sponsored by
Alpha Epsilon Fill, and on the
Commons balcony Chi Sigma Theta
is having a Cross Ski cafe.

The Commons itself will be the

(Continued on Page 1,, Column 1)

Flats, Sorority
Plan Date Parties

Kappa Beta and Potter Club will
sponsor (into, parties ill the Lounge
llll(l Commons respectively tonight.
willlo Chi Sigma Theta sorority is
planning a (late party at the house.

The committee ill charge of the
Kappa Beta party. which will last
from 8:30-11:30 P. M.. includes
Mlll'Vlll Wayne, Alvin Fcldmnn, and
Abl'illlillll Trop, Sophomores. Re-
i'l'oslllllcnls will be served and en-
loi'lillulllollt is to be provided by
the "wits 01' Kappa Beta."

A1 Belllnilti, '40, is general chair-
man of tho Potter Club party in
the Commons. Other lllclnbers in
charge of committees are Bruce
Hansen. '40. l'ei‘rusilnlents; James
Sullivan. '00, iu'l‘illlgclllcuts; and
Richard F‘elltlicrs, '50. music. Tell-
tlllivc plans have also been made
by Pollcl‘ Clllb for it formal dance
in bo hold solllotiluo ill May.

Mol‘llui Dillllliy, '47. President of
chi Sigma Theta. has appointed
liill‘lililli‘ llolblg. '48. and Joan Key-
lou, '00. oo-cllnil‘lllou of their
illlli‘ party. The pnriy will feature vio
illuslc and refreshments and plans
have been nuide for simple decora-
lions.

 

 

      
    
  
     

   

    
     
       
    
   
  
 
  
     
   
 
     
   
    
  
  
  
   
  
    
      
     
      
          
       
      
       
     
      
     
    

  

