 

PAGE I

An Appeal . . .

THE STATE COLLEGE News is a student owned
and operated paper published weekly to keep the
students informed of college activities. It is printed
according to accepted journalistic standards and
all sources of news are covered as adeqtiately as
possible.

Before the year starts and too many assemblies
get underway with, “Contrary to the STATE COL-
LEGE N Ews—", we shall make our annual plea for
cooperation from heads of organizations.

All copy must be in Wednesday night at the
latest and since no member of the NEWS staff
possesses psychic powers, all information must be
correct when handed to our reporters, if the story
is to be correct when it appears in the paper on
Friday. We are proud of our Ali~American rating
and want to keep it high, but we must have co-
operation in getting the news accurately and on
time.

To put out a good paper we must also have a
good staff. N ow we need Sophomores. The Sopho-
mores on the staff make up the reporters and in
November, six will be chosen as Sophomore Desk
Editors. No exceptional talents are necessary and
Board members will teach all tryouts our style of
writing and presentation. Sophomores may sign
up in front of the P. 0. today and start working
right away.

No smoﬁg’f. .

Time alters many things and the News Office
is no exception. The P. O. has always been the
smoky refuge of weary students—just the right
place for a quick smoke, a hand of bridge between
classes or a bite of lunch on busy days but when
the Co-op moved in, some of our privileges moved
out.

The administration has requested that a few
changes he made and the NEWS Board has agreed
to cooperate in seeing that these requests are car-
ried out. Besides the minor rulings that there is
to be no bridge playing or lunch eating and that
coats and other possessions are Iiot to be thrown
on our desks and tables. there is to be a major
ruling which states: “No Smoking in the l’.()."
The administration feels that the new rulings are
best for all concerned and the News Board must
see to it that these regulations are carried out.

We are not trying to assert our authority or
announce to the World that "today we are wheels"
but are trying to carry out the wishes of the ad-
ministration. We. too, are governed by these same
regulations. The News Board has pledged its co-
operation and asks for the cooperation of the stu-
dent body in keeping that pledge.

We have always urged students to frequent the
i’.(). for much of our news comes from chance
remarks dropped during the course of conversation,
and since the S’I'.\'I‘I-: COLLEGE Nicws must retain
this intimacy with the student body if it is to main-
tain its high standing. we ask the students to con-
tinue this practice. However, all those who fre-
quent the i’. 0. must abide by the rules set down.

We ask your cooperation in making our task of
enforcing these rules an easy one.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol. XXXII September 19. 1947 No. 1
Member Distributor
Associated (ﬁ‘ollcgiate l‘I'oIis t‘olit-giuto Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of llll‘ New York State ('ol
logo for Teachers; published every Friday of llil‘ college
yt-ur by the NEWS llonrtl for the Student Association.
l‘hout-s: May, it itfilihi: t‘oietnitn. L! tll'Jtl; Zlnnl. .‘i ill'iiih; (‘lark.
lioehl‘ord. H-UHST. Members of llll' how's staff may in-
reItI'ht-II 'l‘ucs.. and Wed. from 7 to ll:Iitt i' .\l. at it but?

The News Board

 

ANN MAY - - - - EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CAROL CLARK - - - - MANAGING EDITOR
ELLEN ROCHFORD - - - - MANAGING EDITOR
PAULA TICHY - - - - - - seams zDITon
FRANCES ZINNI - - - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
RITA COLEMAN - - - - - ADVERTISING
CHARLOTTE LOLLY - - . - ausmeas MANAGER
ELBIE LANDAU . . . - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
JEAN PULVER - - - - - ABBOCIATE EDITOR
JEAN SPENCER - - - - - AaaOCIATE EDITOR

 

All (’Ullllllllillt'llllltiiti should be addressed to llIl' odltor and
(Hi finch expressions do not IIt-coanarily reflect its view

must be signed. Name» will be withheld upon I‘otltit-ui
The S'l‘A’l‘li (‘tlhlJthlﬂ NIGWH assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communleailona

a

-9

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

FRIDAY. SEPT. 19. 1947

Copyright 19m by Esrtuirn. “10.. {‘19 N Michigan Avenue. Chicago I 1. lil.

 

9&01’4 thalt'yht

 

Those of us who lic nestled
against the scholarly bosom of
M inc rim s peak with unbounded

pride when we say our college is
(L friendly place. It‘s just a little
place, but we call it our Alma Mo,—
tcr. Foremost in the ranks of those
who welcome the freshmen arc
the genial appcrclassmcn, so yea-
erous with their time and energy.
The Student Guides are litre the
poor—we have them with. us ul-
Iottys. But there is another group
here (ll State. it dcuotcd group who
dcrotodly (ch‘otc of their emporime
and wisdom to the ncoplIi/tcs ot
pcdagogics. Our author, (I (It'lighl-
ed idiot. pays homage to tho faculty
udrisor—unsung, unlorcd, unusqu.

The ebony and opal door closed
softly behind Inc. and as the Inu-
sical hinges played the last strains
of "Gaudeamus Igitur". I received
my welcome.

“Come in. son. Sit down, make
yourself at home. Great weather.
what? Just right for my tropical
worsteds with the butterfly-wing
patch pockets.“ he boomed. as he
drew a Kelly-green cigar from a
butterfly-wing patch pocket.

"My name is First Mistake," I be-
gan quaveringly.

"Glad to hear it. my boy. Now
how can I help yoti? Just ask me
any question at all. That's what
I'm here for. How did you make
out with registration? Always loath-
ed it. myself. The juxtaposition of
the Chartreuse treasurer's card and
the fuschia enrollment card upset
me frigiitfully."

By JEAN INESON

 

smoke came from his smiling lips.

“Shrdlu. ﬁne fella. Dresses well.
That's very important, remember
it. Always gets a ﬁne effect with
his bifocals. The upper part is tint-
ed peach. and the lower part is done
in cream.
don’teha see. Grand fella. Shrdlu.
Now what's your problem? That‘s
what I'm here for, you know."

". . . and it‘s at the same time as
a class from Mr. Aufynln, and I’d
. . . " His ankle. cleverly tinted in
Sun Bronze makeup. slid from the
edge of the ivory desk. and he shout-
ed.

“That old fool! Hmph! Last
Christmas I gave him a beige Bu-
lova to match his wife's green
Gruen. Instead of wearing it with
'1 strap made 0f ancient Roman
coins. he gets one of these pepper-
mint stripe bat-skin obs." From a
lavender velvet handkerchief case
he drew a square of parachute silk
and mopped an indignant brow.
"Stay away from him. Iny boy. Not
only are his harmonics atrocious,
but. he has never accepted my view-
point on the New Fall Silhouette.
Do you realize that he is still \vcar-
ing shirts made of that stainless
steel superwcavc?"

“And would it be possible for Inc
to switch my oral English . . . “

"Floral English lad. please."

“Yessir. Could I switch it to 12:35.
because . . , "

“Is it 12:35 already? Damn! I still
have on my apricot silk morning
jacket.

“Well, my schedule has a class Well. excuse Inc. sorry you have to

with Dr. Shrdlu

. " At the men- go so soon. Stop in again. won't you?

tion of that name, a puff of pink That's what I'm here for."

 

eamnuuu'caﬁand

 

To the Editor:

Since I've returned to school this
semester. I've been answering one
question for my friends, "What is
this insurance business you've writ-
ten us about this summer?"

Is the realization that Student
Council. and Student Association
should come to the conclusion that
our present inflrmai'y fund is en—
tirely inadequate to Incet an emer-
gency situation so surprising? May-
be to many of you. these summer
letters came as something of a
shock. I can assure you that as far
Iis I and the committee are con-
cerned, the mailing of these letters
was just another step in our Iti—
tempt it) bring the Inatter before
Student Association.

"Win (lid we not bring it tip in
assembly?" you ask. This was not
done simply because we ran out of
assemblies before the your ‘46-'47
ended, and although the committee
had been in operation for the better
part of the second semester. we
cotid not find what we considered a
desirable policy until after Moving-
Up day. At that time we were still
trying to pass the Budget. and we
didn’t succeed hi passing it. until
the very last assembly.

Because it is desirable to put a
plan like this in effect early in the
semester, and because we wanted
you to talk this over with your
parents (who would probably have

to pay the hospital bill or insur-
ance premium whichever you
elect) We mailed you the material
this summer. Briefly. that is an
account of our activities to date.

The policy itself has been ex-
plained, as fully as I know how. in
the letter you received this sitin-
Iner. At 7:30 this Wednesday eve-
ning, September 24, we are having
an open discussion of this policy at
a Student Council meeting in the
Lounge. All students are invited to
attend. and we will try to clear up
any InisiuIderstauding at. that time.

On October 3. it will be brought
up in Assembly. and at that. time
the Vice-President of the United
States Life Insurance Company will
be present to answer questions

I ask you to remember that you
are not ii wealthy hilldl'llL—mlf you
are, you arc the exception. Ask
yourself this qucstion. “Can I af-
ford ll major illness?" If tiic uIIchr
is "yes." then I urge you to voice II
loud "NAY" when the proposed
plan is voted on in assembly. If
the answer is in the negativeﬁ—
think it over.

At this time I would like to thank
Iin hometown friend, Edwin Morl-
Iirty. class of 1051. for offering to
help me Inail the 1138 letters you
received this summer.

Sincerely,
DICK SMITH,
Chairman Insurance Comm.

Peaches and cream.

 

gamma-51m»;

By BUCK HIPPIC'K

The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as
(lather of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
ans.

 

 

Greetings to those of you familiar with the offer—
ings from the tripe-writer of the Com-Stat and an
outstretched paw to the freshmen. We had it chance
to look over the hardier members of ‘51 at F‘rosh
Camp and predict that the Sophs will have their
hands full in trying to keep the Greenle on the
straight and narrow.

REVIEW OF THE INTERIM

Although butter, milk. meat. grain, and related food-
stuffs went up during the summer, skirts kept the
balance by coming down. From a casual scientific
observation of gains about the campus we arrive
at the conclusion that the majority of the co—eds did
not fall for designers' attempts to create a new mar-
ket. This speaks well for both the intelligence and
ﬁgures of our future teachers.

The 00-01) once again comes through with news
good enough for many lines. P O inhabitants were
aghast early this week when they discovered that
the 00-01) had expanded from the summer heat. To
our neat new bookstore. all we can say is that our
loss is your gain.

An edict causing much murmuring among the troops
is the $25 per semester limit on G I accounts We
estimate that the average account last semester
was about $30. which is going to leave many in the
hole. We'll have some more definite info on this
situation in a couple of weeks. and possibly news of
revision of that quarter hundred figure. Too rushed
to check fully now.

MISCELLANEOUS Tin-BITS

As of Wednesday afternoon. a total of 249 vcts had
registered. of which a scant 22 were fresh. Registra-
tion figures read 1290. which is the highest in the
history of the college. Beaches also registered a bounc-
ing baby boy Saturday. and the Blackstone cigars
were fine. Dick.

New York State now and previous to this semes-
lei' receiving $175 tuition for each vct enrolled. All
students quartered without difficulty this year. Some
non-vets at St. Mary's Residence Council's new list
of rules good for some chuckles. Soapbox again look-
ing for contributions in current political footballs.

Forum had radio tim r lined tip for a half-hour pro-
gram very week. but. admin. refused to turn on the
green light. Several kid brothers and kid sisters of
III)pcrclassineu found on l'I'osh roles. Mtist be they
are satisfied enough. Hope M‘AA gets frosh point-
syslcm cards working right away. A good idea and
one that we hope doesn't get lost in the confusion.
Some news next week on the Commons Connnillec
appointed after several special meetings of student
body late last semester.

INFO FOR VETS

Don Sager. new training officer for State. promises
to give the troops a better time than was had last
semester. Several new relascs of interest. First. and
saddest. is that checks will not art'ch before ‘ Nov«
ember. and will be for September and October. Miss
Malsecd, sec. to Dean of Women, invites applicaiions
for part time jobs. of which a lo ' are now available.

Accrued leave for vcts cnrollcd full time which
caused some difficulty last semester will be handled
differently this year. June checks will automatically
include 15 days of accrued leave, unlcss the veteran
Informs the VA in writing that he does not want
to take it. This letter must reach the VA by Mav
id. 1948. Accrued leave is deducted front entitlement
time, so if you don't want. to claim leave time, either
Inform Mr. Sager or write to the VA.

Another item is that only PL 16 students must con-
tact the training officer. This monthly. PL 346 bovs
need not go through lliat tedious routine of last
semester. Mr. Sager will be available for informa—
tion however.

 

College Calendar - - —

 

FRIDAY. September 19

3:30 P.M.-~Ncw Sophomores sign up in the PC. for
the NEWS Stuff.

8 00 P.M. Stiidcnl Receptions by Churches of Al—
bauv.

SATURDAY. SEP'I‘ICMBER :50
8:00 P.M.—~7All-Collcgc Welcome Party for l"l‘l'Hllilli'll

WEDNESDAY. Slil”l‘l-ZMHER 24
3:30 PM. Special Forum Meeting in
Draper.

lioom ill,

THURSDAY. SICP’l‘llMBElt 25
3:30 PM.mConunuter’s Club Tea for Freshmen

FRIDAY. SEP'l‘ElVIBICR 26
8:00 P.M.~President‘s Reception to It‘l‘tfslli'ticll.

 

 

STATE COLLEG E N EWS

FRIDAY. SEPT. 19. 1.47

 

PAGE 8

 

freshman Camp Opens
'47-'48 State College Year

Swimming And Boating
Lead Sports Program

JOE ROULIER

Amidst bursts of applause and a
flying cloud of oil fumes. sixty-six
male members of State's class of '51
took off early last Friday afternoon
’or the school's first Frosh camp for
it 4-.I since 1941, After bussing it tin-
eventfully for about 18 miles down
the scenic Hudson Valley. the con-
voy pulled into Camp Hawley on
Kinderhook Lake. scene of the for-
ty—eight hour bivouac.

Lack of Water No Detriment

Eager to expose his life-guard tan.
Counsellor Harry Mills masterfully
guided his frosh charges to the wa-
ter. Songster Harry was more than
ediﬁed to learn a little later that
the beach was on the other side
of the camp. After about a half
hour of waxing enthusiastic about
the camp's athletic facilities. some-
one decided it would be a fine idea
to locate the key to the trunk con-
taining the school athletic equip-
ment and to open same. This done.
footballs. softballs and volleyballs
began to darken the sky. Unfortun—
ately however, the vegetation on the
alleged softball field also darkened
the sky. to the extent of encroach-
ing upon the activities of the play—
ers. causing a sharp decline in and
eventual abandonment of this par-
ticular sporting endeavor.

At the evening meal. the class of
’51 showed that it really had the
stuff. Although in a slate of near
exhaustion after an afternoon of
heroic physical exertion, just about
every last man among the fresh—
men made the one hundred yards
from the administration building to
the mess hall in ten seconds flat
when chow was announced. After
this hearty refueling. renewed cu-
thusiasm flared in the athletic \‘ciu
until Old Sol blacked out.

Short Pots—Long Legs

After a few songs and much more
merriment. all beiook themselves
to the mess hall for coffee. ex-
cept that it was cocoa and. with
the closing of the evening‘s pro-
gram. soInc people went to bed.
Most people. however. didn‘t. Many
went swimming. Some tall ones.
like Frank Hans and Counsellor
Eill'lt' Jones. went to bed also. bu:
they didn‘t sleep. The cots are only
six feet long. Your author noIcs
this fact because he didn't sleep
either. Still others haunted the ad—
ministration building. thwarting
Dr. Andrews' aspirations to a good
night‘s slumber.

Saturday's daylight activities were
on the whole about the same as but
more extensive than Friday's. The
day was featured by the noon-time
address of Dr. Nelson. Among other
practical hints regarding their con—
duct while at collcgc, Dr. Nelson
cautioned the freshmen against
necking on the campus. Several
other faculty members who visited
camp \vere also introduced at this
time.

After the evening Inca] the boys
were treated to one and a half
hours of good movics, with the able
and ever congenial Dr. Floyd Hen-
di'ickson in the projection room. Re-
freshments followed, ending the
day's official activities.

Sunday Reveals Solidarity

Sunday brought religious services.
a good attempt at more athletics.
and a lot of aching bucks. At noon.
the cuisine rose to the peak of its
aehivemcut. This was timely. as all
concerned needed a rich fuel mix—
ture for even the slight work of
packing and departure. pooped as
they were.

Al. two P.M.. precisely as sched-
uled, camp broke up and the busscs
sped back to Albany. They brought
back a new group of people.

They had left Albany on Friday
as odd individuals or twosonics, un-
certain as to the future. Now they
were one big group. and although
their future was still uncertain, with
their new solidarity it couldn't scare
them.

H. F. I-lonikel & Son

Pharmacists
IITABLIINBD IOOI PHONE I lull
IB'I CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

“——and they rested too!"

 

Frosh Display
Sport Talent

After spending three jam—packed
days al Burden Lake with the pep-
pIcsl bunch of frosh imaginable. we
have come to a unanimous decision

. the Class of ‘51 is really some-
thing!

From all indications. W A A is
_..oIII.u Io iinvc "bcacoup" recruits.
No sooner had the busscs arrived
at Camp Van Schoonhm'en than the
lrosh. 131 strong. dovp into the
water. if anyone Is interested in
learning diving techniques. we stig-
gcsi you contact Camp Director
Eloise Worth. '48. Her efficiency iii
jack-knifing was most commend—
nblc . . especially since the board
was cracked tbcfoi'c we women ur-
l'l\'('(l. naturally!» Hats off in the
swimming department go to Pat
’i‘Ildt-u. '48. who served as Water-
front Director. Thanks to Pat, no
casualties were reported. The frosh
displayed their skills in a swimming
contest. Looks like ‘50 is going to
have some stiff competition.

Boating Experience

Have you noticed the calluses on
many of the women's hands? Don't
believe those hard summer jobs did
it. Just to prove how efficient the
counsellors were, one took a frosh
out to teach her to canoe. Soon the
canoe was drifting downstream and
neither the bewildered frosh nor
the uppcrclassman knew how to
(lirch the canoe out, of the current.
Dean Stokes, who was watching the
boaters. became aware of their pro—
dieumcnt and soon Tilden had a
row boat at their disposal. Two
much happier :anoers rowed back.
tTake a bow. EvansJ

The tennis courts were busy with
frosh who braved the heat to smash
the bulls across the court. Some
even attempted soft ball but. the
game was called on account of rain
tprcspirulion, that is.I

A hiking expedition was organized
under the direction of Lucy Lytle,
'49. From t'rosh reports, it was most
successful although the group has
decided to buy Lucy a compass for
Christmas. it helps prevent people
from getting lost they tell us!
Funny Business

We expect to see the Commons
filled to capacity from now on
«that‘s a joke. soul. for those fl‘OSli

 

71w
I gene/t

'_By PAULA TICHY

 

Dust off the hockey sticks. get
those footballs inflated. stuff your
ears with chewing gum and get
ready for the class of ’51! Judging
from a pine tree position of the
Frosli Camps the Green Gremlins
of ‘51 are going to be tough nuts
for the Blue Jays to crack. The
Fresh have much spirit. initiative
and mucho. Iiiueho strong lungs.

At. the Womcns Frosh Camp three
teams were organized to arouse
competitive spirit. Points were given
for each activity for first. second
and third places and the team with

the greatest number of points at'

the end of the week end were ac-
claimed the victors. Congrats to the
clever concocters of this mean
schemell

Patterned After Webster

Just. for the benefit of the frosh
we would like to deﬁne some of the
terms that will be used occasionally
on Sports Page and Inny lend dif-
ficulty. such as WAA. MAA. base-
ball. hockcy. etc.

MAA—Mons Athletic Association.

Sce SIDELINES for further info.
()pen practices ~— Sport practices

open to all . . . including frosh.
(‘amp .loliiiston——Slate‘s camp lo-

cated in Chatham about 30 mi.

from Albany.

Additional information may be
obtained by sending a self addressed
envelope plus $64.76 to the Com-
missioner of Parks.

WAA
All women on campus belong to
WAA, Women‘s Athletic Assoc.

upon payment of their student tax.
flint is. Currently being featured in
the presidents chair is Wilma Dichl.
Mary Quinn is vice-president,; Jua-
nita Evans. treasurer; Margaret
Scamcn. Office Manager.

WAA Council is composed of two
i'cprcsentulivci; elected by each class
and the previously named officers
plus the members of Honor Council.
Honor Council is the highest honor
that can be awarded to anyone by
WAA. The white jacket, Honor
Council badge, is awarded to the
end of the Junior year to the girls
who have done the most for WAA.
This year jackets Were given to Wil—
ma Diehl. Mary Quinn. and Pa-
tricia Tildcn.

Awards are given at the cnd of
the year at the WAA banquet to
all who have gained crdit for four
sports during the season. At the
cud of the first year class numerals
are awarded. T-sliii'ts for the sec-
ond. WAA keys the third year
and in the fourth year a miniatur
of the recipients favorite sport Is
given.

All activities are posted on the
WAA Bulletin Board which is lo-
cated in the lower linil of Draper,
outside of the girls' locker rooms.

 

have a talent for dancing. One of
them can even do a solo lindy.
That's something! Do try it some
time. State may soon be invaded
by a new dance. It's called the
“Hockey Pockcy" and comes straight
from Canada. For further informa-
tion. contact Ruth Seelbnch or Alice
Williams. Seniors.
Personal Opinion

Collectively speaking. it was a
wonderful week-end. despite a fer
inconvlcnces. We're glad \ve Went
to camp and glad the Class of ‘51
is here.

 

BOULEVARD

“M E E’i‘

l96--200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

PHONE 5-1913

AND EAT AT THE

GAFETERIA

BOU l.”

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

WAA Play Day
To Welcome
Class Of '51

Women‘s Athletic Association will
welcome the class of '51 at a “Frosh
Play Day" on October 4 on the Dorm
Field from 2-5 pm. Mickey Seaman.
chairman. has promised a gala time
not only for the freshmen, but also
for the upper-class athletes. Food.
fun, frolic. games. and entertain-
ment are scheduled for the after—
noon. WAA has invited all those
who wish to play softball, badmin-
ton. volleyball or JUST EAT.

Tea and Hayride Planned

Wilma Diehl. president of WAA.
announced that at the end of Octo-
ber. WAA has arranged its annual
hayride while on November 6. it has
also scheduled a tea for the faculty
and students.

Fall Sports Start Today

Hockey season will officially open
this afternoon when sticks cross
at. the Dorm Field at 3:30. Bev Sit-
tig ’49 and Ruth Matteson ‘50. co—
captiiins, who have just returned
from hockey camp have announced
that all practices will take place
on the Dorm Field every Monday.
Wednesday. and Friday from 3:30-
5:30. Everyone. especially frosh. will
be welcomed as hockey is the first
rivalry sport.

Every Tuesday and Thursday af-
ternoons from 3:30-5:30 volleyball
and archery will be played on the
Dorm Field. Henkel and Hotaling.
sophomores. will be in charge of
volleyball. while Winkler and Mn—
son. Juniors. will supervise archery.

Joslin ‘49, and McCuen. ‘50 will
arrange hours for Tennis at Wash—
ingon Park as will Lytle. who is in
charge of the Intercollegiate Out—
ing Club.

Watch the WAA bulletin Board
for further announcements'

MAA Releases
Fall Sports Plans

In a statement to the News this
week John Dooley. president. of
MAA. officially welcomed the new
members of the Men's Association.
MAA has extensive plans for ‘47-
‘48 and has a full shite on tap for
the sports seasons.

MAA announced that a new titli—
lctic point system has been drawn
up by a committee. The plan has
gone to life council for discussion
and ratification. The purpose of the
point award system is to foster in—
terest in both the intramural and
varsity programs and to encourage
a larger percentage of the men to
participate in the programs. Both
individual and group awards will be
made at the end of the school year.

MAA also announced that the fall
sports program will get under way
as soon as the leagues are organiz-
ed.

Football will lead-off the program
with a six-man “double—touch" lea—
gue. Bob Soreuson '50 is infra-mural
manager of football. Following the
football season soccer will occupy
the sports limelight. A crosscounti'y
team is being tentatively planned.
There will be golf for lovers of the
fairway sport, with a golf tourna-
ment scheduled as a conclusion to
the season. Tennis will follow with
net tournament also on tap.
Archery, and trap shooting round
out the fall sports agenda.

2

 

g o a ‘0 I
By JACK BROPHY

Tuck away those swim trunks with
the things you did last; summer, kid-
dies. fall is here and fall means, be-
sides school reopening. the World
Series. football, basketball, hockey,
and stuff like that there. Set aside
a few of these breezy autumn days,
put the books on the shelf and come
on out.

This piece is written in hopes of
enlightening our new friends. name~
ly the frosh. transfers and any men
students who are here at State for
the first time. By way of greetings
we welcome all the newcomers to
State with a suggestion that they
try and make 47-48 the biggest
sports year yet at State by 100%
participation in the men‘s sports
program.

Back to the Indians

Slowly but surely the sports page
is recovering from the famine of
men's sports news it suffered when
Uncle Sam send out those “requests”
to see the world. The women edit-
ors carried on admirably. and are
to be commended for the splendid
manner in which carried on in writ-
ing an interesting sports sheet in
the absence of a varsity sports pro-
gram But once more the men of
State have the say as to just what
they want on their sports pages.
Let‘s hear what you want in sports
coverage. Drop us a note and let
us know how we can improve YOUR
sports page.

Men's Athletic Association

The Men's Athletic Association,
commonly known as MAA is an or-
ganization of all the men students
of State. It‘s purpose is to foster.
promote and administer the men's
athletic program. both intro—mural
and varsity. This year we have an
energetic president in John DooleyI
'48 who will administer the organi-
zation after having served as pub-
licitey manager last year. Other of-
ficers are Walt. Schick. '48. vice-
president: John Morley '49, secre-
tary; and Ben Jackson '50. finan-
cial secretary. This year's MAA is
operating under a new constitution,
revised and rewritten last year.

MAA is shooting for 100’}? partici-
pation in at least one sport. So once
again. fellows. sign up for at least
one sport when the sign-tip sheets
are posted outside the men's locker
room.
Dots and Dashes

Those heated arguments you hear
in the locker are die-hard Card fans
trying to convince the Brooklyn fol-
lowing that the Gas—House Gang
still have a chance to dump the
Brooks.    Poulos trying to decide
who to start against Branca in the
Series opener . . Glpp lining up
his Potter “varsity” . . Zanchelli
and Jackson passing the pigskin in
ninety degree heat on Page . . .
everyone wondering if Sy Fersh will
be as sharp pegglng the pigskin
after joining the ranks of the bene-
dicts . . . Evans popping in to say
“watch the Giants next year” . .
"Coach" Skolniek drilling his “Gent’
prospects on Dorm field . . . Mc-
Namarn wondering what put the
skids on the Cubs . . . Mills telling
of his lifeguarding experiences this
summer . . . Slena drilling for its
first yar of varsity football .
’I‘huyer eager for the football season
to start . . . some joker suggesting
we call this corner “Brophy’s Ba-
loney" . . . maybe he has a thought
there . . . no matter how thin you
slice it, it‘s still . sports news!

 

 

 

 

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

0

 

 

 

 

Swen Slaw
135mm»

 at! ﬁnal—Z)
Home Made ICE CREAM
SODAS —— CANDY —— SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Daily

OPEN DAILY AT I A. I.

 

 

 

 

 

