PAGE 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1962

 

 

Six Weeks of Opportunity

In the next six weeks the new fraternity pledges will
graphically illustrate what ideals and constructive
thoughts motivate our component Greek organizations.
Pledge period should be a time when the fraternities are
striving to outdo one another in as fierce a competitive
spirit as that which is seen on the football field. the bowling
alleys or the gym floor.

At the end of the pledge period will the newly initiated
members look back and think, “That was a pretty tough
haul, but we really chalked up some items on the plus side
of the margin!“ Here is an opportunity for the fraterni-
ties to prove that they have the innate ability to develop
character and leadership potential.

In Basic Training in the armed services there is a
certain amount of hazing. This hazing has as its object.
a psychological conditioning that at its termination tells
something to the sufferer: he has had the intestinal forti-
tude to take itr——making him a member of the elect. But
in the process of hazing, the real objective is never ignored:
to turn the man into a capable and telling instrument of
war. No more should fraternities lose sight. of their objec—
tivestto produce a man to whom a fellow member can
point with pride and say “He‘s my brother!"

C.N,B.

Moving Machines?

As the new semester started. so did the moving—-
forceabiy and without warning

In at least one dormitory. those Women who were
rooming in groups of three were suddenly informed that
one member of each group would have to move to another
room immediately. Several students were informed as late
as 11 pm. the evening before the move. Some of the girls
had no objection to the proposed mOVes, but. some were
violently opposed: many of them. mostly Sophomores. had
volunteered to live as triples. The upperclassmen were
rooming together because of friendship, not because of
being arbitrarily put together. Last summer tripling was
encouraged and students were led to believe that, as usual,
they would remain all year with their chosen roommates.

Is it any wonder that these women asked why they
were moved? Unfortunately the only answer given them
was that the housing office had decided. The students
even offered to pay the extra $15 charged those in double
occupancy. Apparently money was not the answer either.

Is this an example of the unfeeling IBM machine atti-
tude that boils personalities down to little punch holes on
a card that fits in a convenient slot? Why must college stu-
dents, without explanation, suddenly be placed in a posi-
tion where they must choose between two of their best.
friends?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918
Vol. XLVII February iii. ltifiz No. 3
The iiiuti .',’liili i111" l.l"-\-‘>liiilll'l' of H'l'l‘ I'i.iicr.=.i'.y (knlcge of Education at Alhiuiy,

published every: I'r.diiv of l!.t‘ (.‘o.icyc rcnr bv the Ncw'i Hoard for me H‘wiciit

Armor on ion

\I\\~ IIUHID \NII VIKH’I‘

LINDA l.\ y .l i ii
\iAiI'i' l,iil‘ i'. .;l..'-‘.

‘ llillfilt lN-f‘lill‘il'
l‘\‘v ‘vliii.igi..ii l',<ii'lil’

 

\fi".l-. lil‘ti‘\‘- i‘t‘i‘llilli‘ lvldl'or
litiltlfi ‘.ll iii it if .\ maul! l*.i'.'ivr
LINDA i‘ 'J. ill i in A “on idli' I‘iiilliir
liltii‘ll‘li ti\ll A 'm..i'o l'iildm
I‘..‘\Iiu‘1".'.liii-iii' .~'i.-iiiii l.d.'iir
( l1-1Ii,lilli Iiii'Clli 1’ ill loiilIJIli’ II‘llIllr
li'.ll\ Hill 3' ii. .iii 'il'.cril.li.: l‘.1i"'l
c', tiltl-Lfi ".1 .li,i ‘i .l  (1.: i..i’io: lusciiaoiiiv l‘iil. "I
iiAVlu‘ Il'..’.‘i’.n Hpoi'. iudl‘ui
i“ l I.’.‘ ,i . .‘1’ I' l‘ ‘iI'i timid-i Him: lﬂ'i'ili"
ninii'L Lilli i.‘.’x In: i'n ‘.l i.~. ii-.i.ii‘ .mil. .‘.i I .oiii Kill h unii Itii
' l'. , t v , '..ii, Itiilw I'Ili imi‘ :yi 

All can. i. il..t atom.  moi m~ iHi Ili"i‘i(“i Io II.I- (“Lint :Llivl llIl‘iliI lio i.ii,;i.cd Hituuo
will bi: Wimfiiluii on ico .csi ’l m- Hi A'I'H (ft ilil.i.( it) I'llu'Wti H c iiii' . i.o l'I‘JiIHIIi-‘-IIIIilL)‘
for opinions imprisoned in .L.. ioi iiiiil‘i oi noniu. initiations, in, .‘. iI n I.(III|‘-‘I.IOII.‘1 do not

not insimrii/ rclim to its How.)

'0‘

Communications

 

To the Editor:

From February 7 to It, I had
the opportunity to attend the Uni-
versity Model United Nations held
in Montreal. Canada. We heard
panel discussions on Berlin and on
Air Space Law that were very
good. The conference, in itself, was
worthwhile in that we learned a
great deal about the internal work-
ings of the UN, as well as dis-
cussing the issues before the mem-
ber nations of the General Assem-
ly.

Colleges and universities were
represented from all over the Unit-
ed States and Canada. As an Am-
erican, I received the greatest
benefit from discussing several is-
sues with the Canadian students.
Despite the popular consensus, it
seems that our national prestige is
not  hiin as we may think. Some
of the Canadian students i talked
to had violent opinions about us,
calling us “capitalistic, imperial-
istic wariiiongers.” Many would
say that there was some feeling
against the US. Much of this feel—
ing stems from the Cuban situa-
tion. In short, the general feeling
is that the US. made a mess of
the situation. Some students that I
talked to were sympathetic toward
Castro, and a couple were com—
pletely on his side. Some students
even went so far as to say they
would not mind living under Com-
munism. This, however, was not
Ihe general feeling. All of the Can-
adians that I talked to objected
strongly to what they felt was pres-
sure from President Kennedy to
cease trade with the Cubans. They
did not like the idea of Americans
telling them what to do.

They pointed out one basic fault
with US. foreign aid. What good,
they asked, was it to give millions
of dollars to Greece and other
countries, if it was going only to
the governments and not to the
people? In the end, the foreign aid
sometimes works against us.

Let me pomt out that it is not
us. as a people, that they object
to, but some of our national poli-
cies. All of otir conversations were
similar to any held here at college.
Instead of discussing religion and
Cuba, we discussed the Americans
and the Separzitists movement. In
all discussions, the Canadians ap~

pcared well versed. and able to
present a good sound argument.
much more so than many of the

American delegates.

'i‘hcrc stems to bc a movement
in Quebec to separate from Can»
ado. Their argument rims as fol-
lows: Quebec is a French province,
and as such, has a different cul-
ture. Canada is supposed to bc a
bilingual country, yci isn’t, really.
French Canadians must learn ling-
iish, yet the English do not learn
French. in order to go into politics.
you must. know l‘lllLiiiSii. it is the
aniish people, they claim, that
receive the high positions. Quebec
is tiic richcsi province, comprising
almost .‘l third of tiic population of
Canada. and they Would like to
see additional improvements tiicrc
Almost all of the *xillilt'llIS from
('.-iii;iil;i. both l'IlI:‘,Ii~II and I‘Il'l'llt‘ll,
that l iflii(('ti to \_\ll|IilliI|I/t'li wilh
their l‘l‘il‘HilICt's, c\cii iiliitl‘.‘il thcy
all did not agree on complete scp-
ariitiou '\|i|iill't'llii)’ this movement
has c\islcil for some time, but
seems to bc t'iilllill‘.{ Sil‘i‘llltlil. Af-
tcr seven years of struggle, they
finally iiavc obliiiiicd bilingual
checks l’ci'miiiiiiv l lililiII scc how
it could ever be i‘cuii/cd, but i was
impressed with tiicii' fighting spirt.

i gained for more from [lie in
formal cultural exchange than from
ihc details of the conference
int-clings i feel tiiiii it was wcil
Worthwhile, and on experience that
more students should know.

Joanna Iliirger ’63

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

I .
"5
. . ,
“Makes its own gravy."
Ry Schleifcr and Woodruff
“Tomorrow. and tomorrow, and tomorrow " -~—Shakcspciire
COOKIE CRUIIBS
Wiiat we have ili'l‘c are not cuictiy our choices, but rcpi'cscni 'i.-
results of the SchicifvFish-Wood l'oll llcnicmbcr. lil‘t‘iii('l|iill‘~ .irc lll~I 1p '
guesses. llcaduig through you'll see we have gone back to Ho- ii.
(lition of predicting all (iIIilt‘cH. l’lcasc do not feel hurt, siiicc ill a r.
view of tiircc past t"omiiioiiSlaicrs. oiin tiH’r pcr ('l‘lli oi iiic ‘.‘l|i'~*-i 
were correct I
0.11MONLYCAY-;\’l'I€I)ST.-\Y
liccaiisc of our concern in this election the .\lyskic i'csiiiis hi l'i
were not made by us, but riilhcr by a neutral party. We want to than;
this person for finding us worthy of a guess. ’i'he predictions by w i.’
number are: l) (‘lflit’lilt 2i KNAI‘l’, Iii \l"()(il)ili'l-'l", -il Kl‘lilIi
)) l'lSiii'Iil, Iii NORTON, 7) S(.'lii,l'lll"lillt, iii l‘lf.\l"llil.l). Eii (‘llill
SKY. IUi lll'lt.\'l<1’i"l', lli i‘)iSi'1.\’.\i.-\.\L I'Ji i'ltiiWiIIY. l.". In x: ,
.\'l<).\'K().
NICX'I‘ . . . . ’
in the-office of SA l’i‘csidcni will bc our word of the uni; lln 
of opposition should not dctract from the csiccm in which in l\ th<
by everyone (iood luck in the coming year, Slcvc 
As for \‘i'cii,-\i't' predicted a ciosc rticc lust \vci-k 'I'hi» um i. '. i
say that our‘iuidings show l'Ii‘cd Smith as the \lt'iiil‘ in this iltili itcv
ilis leadership tiuaiiiics sccm to make for :i good l‘Xi'i‘llIHi' oilicci'
DROODLES
is what senate ibclicve it or not; doesn‘t do. We hope liic lollovio.
people won't in the coming year eitlicr:
ti.l: Allen, Borges, Coivtij, Cull, Iiall‘an, liobcck, I‘illtJiWil ii. !
Monica, Lyiiaugli, Iticiiley, ’I‘hornhili, ’l'iiiiy, Van l'lpps.  ‘
biz. lialchcior, liiidnikzis, l)iltocco, Fairbanks, I'Ici‘i'ai'a .hui. I
liapiiiski, lico, McCabe, Murphy, Sorcnson, Stroud, 'i‘vo.
to: liaiiiiiiin, Darby, Delio, (iencro, Little, lioiimeo. \liil!~i'il': l’w i
ty, lliscrvalo, Skoiky, 'i'ownscnd, Weikcr ancr. I
OFFICERS ' i
We sec lhc following on i’liLfc Slalc tonioirou 
iII‘csideiiIs: lv’cil}. t'crrii, l-‘asano or liil\\i' ‘\l'lI\ ilmi- 
\ccps: Fisher. i’t'l/lliii, iivcrby. I
Secretaries: Culver, lilo/cy, Warshin
treasurers: i’iutt, ili'cnnan, (iliLIllit‘l'
l‘Ii‘osii \H' 'iiso scc il\iicii ’lS ciiti ‘I I
.. ' " . i- "Ilf'iitii'l' .l i i.“ i~ -o.i .i‘o
.iis'r HOLLY .ixii iii-J . . . III I I III I m
g and vwc hope all of you will he at tiic Illt’illl‘lll'i'il llziii Ionmi‘iu «
night its the third annual bull Although Sl'il has tiiilii' a limit W I
m publicizing tiic cvcni, too many of their posit ix \\|‘l’l' lint m 'i. l
in;ch of campaign posici‘s. I
11.1. .\lSlll”I' :\l'.\1'.I‘II‘KIESIXIIXI)
Wc'i'c sure you'll bc h‘i ' ' '
I V .piyuii-i -~ !
so'i'iuxo I I IIII 'HII IIII
Else is on our mind.
ISN'T Wl-J t'l"l‘l-2'.’
l.‘ ‘- ‘. ,. . * , ‘ ‘ .y
[NIH] lliiiiyl‘iii'tl out that itillIWIt‘I s Iil't'HItiH‘l'ii rcnidi'lm u: how
.l\\dlt id .i by line and Iiil'llll‘l‘~. lilvt- i~ ~i i' I '
that you know wi v. .. - I' IIII IIIIIIIIIIII SI‘IIIII‘I \IIII
, io \\l .iic for sure you ll'( i ' ii ‘ ' ‘
lmmmm Wt. I  I t ’ . , i no I} ion undcislonii out
a I . outpl (tillliiiillliih iii Iill‘ caiclcri'i on l'l'lll \ ‘ 
. in mi: WI-Ililv’ I II IIIIIIIIIIIII
Whiit don the number Jill mcoii to you"
x
KR____M_
M__
FRIDAY. I'II'IIIIII'AIIY iii ~~ II
'7 Sid p in li"ti iiiiii‘ 'Ii‘iik it”, 
y i I I II I
H on p in l.\tl ,\iii.,\,.,-.,,,., p,” . I.» . ., II IIII
)4. till p in \ii‘iu'i l'lii \i‘iiI IiI It] IIII IIIIIIIIIII IiIIIIIIIII IIIIIII
VH‘ -» - .':.i it; c- - r.. .
51‘“ "DH: liltmuxuu. 17 i l UH! ioi Slab \liitil
ititi p in Illdll“l|l'iiltili II'I\ t' '
I," 's i I. III'IIIIIIIII‘\ '; it: ;
I .5” p Ill ii I. iliili‘ “i iiiiii lIIl) I)" I III IIIII ;, i
illill - ~ ~ v I
i‘III Iii.ii;,ui.ilioii l..iii Aidcii\I’ulci'bui'v Ililii ‘-
iii‘iH'Iiiitii Iioinii‘l immw‘ ‘
Wi'csiiiiil' (iwiceo ii I 
' V y » i. . II H ('i
Hl .\li.\\. I'l'.IIlIlI.\lI1' Hi I I I
L‘ if) p in Study l.oun:'c I
1; till p “I .i:i//. ('oiicci'i H l IIIII III II II
.‘l.liil p iii. I\Izipp‘i licil'i oni ' IIII IIIWIII AIIIIIIII
H I . t i 'l l i - ' - .
lill IISIHY, l-‘lClll’ltAltY I22 IIIIIII IIII SIIIII ISIIIIIII I

Sills ifridgc.

Big Brother
By KEN

On Sunday, February 11, eleven
members of the Waterbury “cell”
of Great Decisions met under their
group leader, “Big Brother,” to
discuss a Red-hot question: Viet-
nammwin, lose, or draw? The at-
mosphere of the meeting was tense
as the young and energetic men,
all budding Earl Warrens, were led
into a great decision.

The Great Decisions program is
sponsored nationally by the Foreign
Policy Association. The goal of the
F.1’.A. is facts, but, freedom-loving
Americans, did you know the facts
about the F.I’,A.‘.’

It was in the report by Martin
Dies' House Committee on l'ii-Am-
crican Activities that I".l’.A. was
named several times as an organ—
ization that co-opcratcd with “paci-
fist” groups. “red defending move-
ments”, and the like. and was list-
ed :is im organi'lzition whose activ-
ities increase international misun-
derstanding. Dies, being a patriotic
.‘\mcricuu. has also :iliiickcd other
\llii\(i'\l\t' ‘i'oiiih

'l‘hc \luimi American legion has
ohji-ctcd to Ihc holding of the (li'cui
lit-(l‘~liill\ [ll‘tILIlILIllh iii the Miami
l’uhl.c Library. The l.c'.'iou. in tiic
protested

lillt'lII‘Ni of democracy.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1902

Turns Red

BRADY

the use of tax-supported institu-
tions as a “brainwashing device”.
And, in another move to purify Am-
erican thought, some Legionnaires
considered removing Plato’s Re-
piililic and Stowc‘s Uncle Tom’s
Cabin from the shelves.

Do you want to know how the
F.P.A. plots to overthrow the gov-
ernment? Read The Truth About
The Foreign Policy Association,
prepared by the Waldo M. Slaton
Post No. 140, Atlanta. But this post

has sold hundreds of American
flags.

One of the most outstanding
members of the F.1’.A. was Vera

Miciicics Dean, Editor of lleadline
Series. wiio was investigated by the
lit-Bu Committee on l'u»Amcrican
Activities. llcan was cleared of all
the chargcs: howcvcr. this is only
part of a sinister plot to undermine
America.

Also, many siibvcrsivcs endorse
lv'.l’.A. A llwight I). l‘llSt‘llilUWt‘l‘,
.lolni Hughes. licaii Acheson. (Illus-
it'l‘ ilowics. and Henry Kissinger.

(il‘l‘tll Decisions is a dangerous
group We urge you, the students
of Stole. to ban its Illt‘t‘llllLlS. Stump
oiil lill\ inciuicc hcl'oi‘c Ii iiiiIiilrutcs
our Il'i‘t'tiiilll loving college.

“so:

Illircyiou dcliv

 

\gg‘r
' cm I
the ﬂavor... R.

Senate

Senate Recommends Projects
For Next Year's Activities

By LENNY LAPINSKI

As the ‘61-’62 Senate wound up
its year’s activities, its main task
was to make recommendations for
tile ’62-’63 Senate.

It was brought out that Resi-
dence Council had approved Sen-
ate‘s suggestion that 11 o’clock
hours be granted to freshman wo-
men oii the last day of each vaca-
lion period before classes resume,
elective wilii tiie Spring Recess.

Sorority Weekend llours Set

The llouseniother‘s Committee
has decided the curfews for soror-
ity weekends. ()n the night of the
beer party, the girls must be in
Iilcll‘ houses by 1 a.m. and on the
night of the formal by 3 am.

Services and Auxiliary Commit-
tee prcscntcd written reports of
their actions for tiic past year and
rccommendations for the new coin—
mutt-cs. litiicr committees pi‘csciil
cd i'ccomnn-ndaiions.

Summit Conference i’lilllllt‘tl

The date of the Summit (oiiici'
i'ilt‘l' was set for chncsdav l'c'i
i'imi') LEH

  

   
   

 ovii.
 i‘iiji‘iiii
 DUES l'l‘!

 

 

picgisci‘.

ltomzuizil”

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

“Tareyton’s Dual Filler in duos portes divisa est!”
says l’uiiiius (IiIJIIIIIA/ititi/ll) Aurelius, (‘oiiscum crowd-

Hiivs liliiI/IIe/itiiilli, "Il‘.‘ii'cytoii is one IIiitcr cigarette Iillli
l'l‘ iiiv (ii‘iin‘l'r: degusi ibus. Legions oiIsiiiokcrs are swdciung.
IIII‘Y it couple of packs of 'l‘iireyioiis. They’re the packs

 

.

PURE WHITE
OUIER FILTER

DUAL [VAT/DI”

 

Senators Murphy, Fairbanks and
Stroud presented their plans for
the Oneonta Conference on Febru-
ary 17. Likewise, Senators Leo,
Cerra and Iiapinski reported that
they had chosen publications as
the topic of their discussion for the
Union College Conference on Feli-
ruary 18.

 

Notice

The Department of Compara-
tive Literature will present the
first lecture of second sem-
ester on Friday, February 23
at I p.ni. iii Draper 349. Profes-
sor Moses Iladas of Columbia
l'iiiversity will consider “Greek
Romances." Dr. Edith I’allace,
Chairman of the (.‘omparative
literature Department, coin-
uientcd that “Professor 1111(11ll'
is one of the most distinguished

in America in the
Iil‘t‘t‘h' .iiid Latin class

scholars
Iit'ili oi

sit-s."

 

 

 

   
   
    
  

ACTIVATED CHARCOAL

INNER FILTER

Ta TQ/ZIOYZ

(‘1 . 7‘ x ' " 5‘ 1 . , "
ﬂvdud 0/ L46 t ‘JIILHIUN -/erru'cv 6111/»in 'e i/ulfuu'o Li uui mull/Ir Iiumr w i Y 0

PAGI I

Why Does
State Need
Minor Fields?

By ED MANGELSDORF

Overheard in one of the subter-
ranean corridors connecting Drap-
er to Richardson: “You’re an Ar-
chaeology major and Nuclear Phy-
sics minor'.’ Isn’t that an odd com-
bination'?

An obvious and overt use of hy-

perbole, but it does raise a point:
What is the value of having a min-
or? (In this instance, the minor
would be iieipfui in aiding the stu-
dent evaluate the rocketsiiips used
by Neanderthal Man.)
That “Knowledge is capable of
being its own end" is something
that few of us would debate with
Newman: that all knowledge is or-
ganic and interrelated in some way
is also true. liiit to play on Orwell
and Jefferson, all knowledge (and
illilt‘il‘n of) is not created equal:"
some subjects are more directly
l‘t‘iillf’ti than others.

thii the iicccssity arises olI huv
mg a minor field. the question also
am «'5 concerning the valuc of one.
is this another part of our “teach
criraining“ that prepares us for
situations iiuo for onei smacking
of the “little lledSchoolhouse
liiiys'f“ (IcI‘Itiilli) with twenty—two
hours plus ".‘ll'iil of Education (an
unseen but nuicii i'cit Minor) could
iiol the hours devoted to a Minor
he put to a more useful and mean»
iuefui purpose"

«me would hardly dispute the
value of Archaeology or Nuclear
I’hysics. but the value is question-
ed uhcn courses are arbitrarily
imposed upon the student because
of the necessity of having a minor.

What. do you ask, would ever
lead .‘I student to pick such a biz
Lil'i't' combination in the first piace‘.’
The necessity and expediency of
having a minor is one answer. An-
other is it kind of specious logic us-
cd by all students at one time or
another (myself inciudedi. Exam-
pic' “i don't like .'\lth: i like Eng-
lish, but I don‘t care to write. I
would like to take llistory but too
many hours are spent on the Social
Sciences. 1 can‘t take any minor
requirements ill Art. Philosophy,
.\l U s i c, Comparative Literature.
History, English, ct. at; so 1'“
choose Nuclear Physics because 1
like most of the courses offered
tiIotII‘ out of seven).

'i‘hc student is supposedly be»
coming proficient in two areas
already, his Major and Education.
Why shouldn't be balk at the pros~
[)cct of taking a minor area when
he coiiid take courses which would
“iihci‘ally’ broaden his fields of
knowledge, boiii in respect to his
teaching and interest?

Why couldn‘t the student he of
fcrcd ii ciioicc of certain subjects
included within the framework of
a lillll'l'ili Arts .\linor‘.‘ if we “need”
ii minor why couldn't it be made
more incimingl'ul'.’ (ir, why couldn't
a minor he offered Within the stu»
dciit‘s major iil‘CilI.I

it seems that this academic, an»
iiclironistic hangover, usually chos»
en oil the basis of its being the
lesser of another "evil," coiiid be
more effective if the student were
given It sci of responsible choices.

The students would benefit with
renewed interest, the professors
with interested students, the ad-
ministration wiih lhc loss of a iurgc
curriculum headache; the present
system seems to lie a waste of
cvm‘yonc's time

 

TOM’S BARBER SHOP

til ROBIN ."l‘lil'll'l'l‘
Corner of Robin and West.
35 YEARS 01“ lCXl’EltlENCE

 

 

 

 

