 

 

PAGE 8

From This
Vantage Point

By JIM DOUGHERTY

 

Four unbelievabl short years ago an assoeiation With
this paper was begun 3which is destined to end when the last
period is set in this column. Throughout those four years, the
first and foremost responsibility of this writer has been to
report the news of the week along the sports scene. The Situa-
tion is no different today as it was back in 1957. Perhaps at
the end of this column there will still be a few lines to say
the things that are being felt while writing this final copy.

OUTSTANDING ATHLETES RECEIVE AWARDS

The biggest news, to be sure, is the naming of the out-
standing athletes of the year at last evening 5 Athletic Awards
Banquet. This occasion is the one time when all the athletes
and interested and devoted fans of the college can get together
to honor those men who have upheld the long tradition of

Colleoe athletics. I
StateThe main event in each sport is the naming of the Most
Valuable Player. Those so named are conSIdered to have con-
tributed the greatest in leading the team to what successes

which may have been achieved. Accepting trophies were:
Frank Fallace

SOCCER ——
BASKETBALL —— Don Cohen '
WRESTLING -— John Wytowmh
BASEBALL —— Pete Spina
TENNIS —— Paul Erickson

Not to be overlooked in the awards department were the
Most Improved Athlete in each sport. These are the men
whose skill developed to such an extent that the respective
coaches had to re-evaluate their plans in order to make room
for these athletes “coming up.”

Named in this respect were:
Karl Gerstenberger

SOCCER —- . I
BASKETBALL —— Jim Oppedisano
WRESTLING —- Jay Katzel
BASEBALL —- Dick Mann
TENNIS —- Gary Trudell

The special trophy presented to the all-around most im-
proved athlete of the year was accepted by Karl l-leinz
Gerstenberger, a stalwart of the soccer team s forward line.
The Freshmen Athlete of the Year award was presented to
Gary Smith (soccer. basketball and baseball).

COHEN ONLY THIRD TO BE HONORED

The Athletic Department takes natural pride in the men
it oversees in the College’s intercollegiate program. Once iiia
great while a man comes along who is far superior Ill. certain
qualities and deserves special recognition for his contributions
and character. Just such a man, Don Cohenhwas presented
the revered Sportsmanship Trophy at last night‘s banquet.
This award based on attitude. school records. coachability and
cooperature has only been given twice before in the history
of the college. The two previous recipients were (Yzii'l Maxon
(Soccer ~— 1957) and Gary Ilolway (Basketball — 195$). Don
Cohen has truly joined hands with the best who have preceed-
ed him through the doors of State.

RECESSO RECEIVES INAUGURAL AWARD
The highlight of the evening‘s festivities, from a personal
i('I)litlitttl'ti on Page 5). (‘oluiiiii -t)

Frosh Beat Cobleskill, 7-5;
Nose Out HVTI Nine, 8-7

Larry \'ickers pitched and Iiill' Her ltay held their IIIIIl‘l's the

tied the frosli to and 87 Victor) tir~t six innings and kept com
and their second consecutive win pleie control ii\t'l’ them for the
Vicki-rs, the team's hard luck i‘ctiiaintlerot the L‘iinie ile struck
pitcher who lost It) to it 1’ i in out 7 and only walked 'J in xIIIJWill'ﬁ,
it) lIllilllL‘S last week showed he -:.perli control Ito) is How 3o
hadn‘t lost his ability as he found anti “ill be slitl'llll”, Sallil'iiu). look
ltibattersniT.iiniiii’s lll.‘ (or it perfect wmoii us the
in 17 bretiou- .niiin.‘- tiic ii'lll' troin take the iichi at lih-clo-r tor
I'l‘tIs score)! (it one rim litiilltli llll'll' iazt :‘uiin- .‘iz‘utn-l Iitil'I\I.tl;iI
Vicki-r- \\i~di.I-~tl‘i_y Ilt' -l.ii"c-l (mum
\‘.illi (it"ci'iiiiii.i'.otl .iii’l int-'l‘dl illllr ’,,,\\,.l-I,‘HL,.,) lmﬂily llH
IIll'll' i-ii' ititll ili.‘.iii I) one i'uii _‘ _ 7 ___WW
'loiij. \laialii-u ‘.\Il'i im- 'Itllit'
i1 li.il liit'l i| 'iiI I! wil Il.”.ti.’
ltiiili‘ii ’9»): ii .iiel i vII ii '.‘.i«t ‘I.
out an the “Hui”.
\‘y. it "ulti‘i .IIII .ili F.) iii ill l.
IIiII .lilii‘i .ifill '.‘.ii i‘l' (I II'oI 'Ill 
\ulh \ It.) i‘l nine) till! »l ill}
slirlt i-iii:.ii lid-1‘ 
liomti-i litl‘ I'\I‘l .iliil it» li
4' :oi I).i'tll|('li ltlil IA'o ti’l'IlI
li.: wkt’l I.tIili .iiiri IIII .3) :'. up
til.i l.-' 'H'. lI=t‘ llic |.ii.i‘. y.) ll.il 
Il.i it‘ll piilaiJi' ill ‘iii' Mel
in r Il‘t !) .iiili ~H iii- in in llnml The
l.« ritil‘i lo Iiii Mat .iiei
\xli . law Iii~-i'ii IIIM' ‘ii .i ii'.
iii - liic lionli liiii'li in iiioi»  
Ii..it SatuiiiM t'obh ‘IHII i'odc
io'. \lbany .ttIIl .1 .iii Il'tlilli and
limit). In lIlI‘ IiIlIlltli’ pdllim'
ptiliiiinuncc oi ltd). With. IIII"~
It‘ll I I IIIIIII"»I\iIi Ants .i\.I‘I'2),'
in. i’ run: pt-i' .'iIll|(’ IlIliitI‘J' oi

 

 

 

 

7m/a

As is well known ,tlie recent
AMIA track meet was a great suc-
cess. This meet was only one of
many steps that must be taken if
this fund of enthusiasm is to be
tapped to the benefit of State Col-
lege. Next year, it will be pos-
sible to start a track team on a
Varsity basis if a few basic steps
are followed:

1. interested
tion AA board for
early in the season in

participants peti-
recognition
order to

be ready for intercollegiate meets.
program

2. Start the training
club and a budget

   
 
 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1961

Frosh Down Cobleskill, 5-4,-
Drop Match To HVTI, 6-5

The Fresh tennis team has won
its first victory of the year over
Cobleskill, taking four singles and
two doubles matches, revenging
its previous defeat to Cobleskill.

John Bartlielmes of State has
met Tom Connors of Cobleskill
four times during the two matciies.
Each time, John has emerged the
victor. This time Connors went
down 5-7. (5-3, 6-1. Barthelmes
teamed up with ilowic Seaman to
beat Connors and (iould (5-3, 6-3.
Seaman also won his singles match
from Daryl Smith (M), (3-2. .loliii

THE MIRACLE TIP /

 

 
 
 
  
  
 

Question *1:

it

FILTEns

‘ Variach C”

“'1
4;. "“L;

 

i
i.
f
i. 

 
 

answers with
college studci

I. w I: v"

 up an  and answer

these questions. Then compare your

Bennett beat Lou Barbar 6-4, 6-4.
Bill Vigars won his match in three
sets from Ed Curtis 6-8, 5-7, 6-4.

The Peds met lludson Valley on
last Tuesday, losing 6-2. John
Sturtevant continued undefeated,
defeating MacCulen (3-1. 5-7, 6-3.
The only other point winners for
State were Bob Seaman and Bill
Vigars who defeated Whitaker and
ilotaiing in a doubles match 6-2,
6-4. Bartlielmes lost to John Ren-
wick (3-1, (3-3. Seaman lost to Knox
(3-3, (3-3. Bennett, Vigars and Bei-
iiiski in three sets.

1

in a series of polls conduc- 

.'/  ted by [AM student repre~ '

aentatives in over 100

colleges throughout the nation.

     
      
 

those of 1,2’iS3i other
its (at bottom of page).

As a college student, do you believe that you are taking

the best advantage of your educational opportunities?

Answer:

Question “2:

Yes___- . _

No _

 

Some college men are wearing trimmed beards. Do you

think most girls will be attracted to men with trimmed
beards?

Answer:

Question ‘73:

Yes Law. _. ._

N o .ﬁ__.ﬁ

lio you think that American colleges teml to overemphasixe

football and other sports to the detriment of the status of
academic accoiiiplishiiiciits‘3

Answer:
Question '7 1:

Answer:

UNLOCK A NEW WORLD

m

Less than 8

Yes

8-12

18-22 ()ver 22

No. 

How many cigarettes do you smoke a day, on the average?

iii-l7

OF/

/

FRESH SMOKING PLEASURE 

Start Fresh with bill ...Stay Fresh with li'll .../I 

i g.) t Anon-r,
  \iisuer,
‘2 1 ' \iisiicr,
('ampus \umm,

()piiiioii
Answers:

fresh with I.“ \I. .iiiil \oii slay

(lllt’wllllll ). lit .‘rol

l
Question J ‘Il lII .‘xoitll
Question 5!: \I ll Nothi’
Question l i.. than n, _.'o . a It, i.“ iii l), i'.I
I“ .' f, ..’.s t)\«1'..'LI,I).

'IIIc more you smoke, the more \ou appreciate today's I." \I. \oii start
II‘|‘~I| with I.“ \I. lit) on.“

“I'll dried--

out lzt~lr Ioi' gnmI. VlIlt‘ sri'i'rt'.’ I‘liinn‘ Mai . . . I.“ “Is slu‘t'iitl um uI

iiiiii~liiiiiiiig tuIiiIccu In ~i'.iI III Iiuliiidl toiiuccu Ire-lute» ..

tulmriu

in. (not) I‘m) ..i
I o t ton

II... int/l cm.) 

in i (ii It. , iimloni

good“. ~~. Iu-l Irish-lusting ~Iic~l-t;i-I

to - .t More ist.) hm, t..ti

(1.)) .' be,

.it lililt i)‘.',

ia-lnah titty”),

.iiiittirul
inc, I.‘\.\I.

tllI lllvl| .eiil.il..e.«., and in... not

‘i‘iiii town.“ ti. Myti‘. lolmtio t‘o

 

r

r

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1961

Golf Team on Win Streak;
Story Wins S. U. Tourney

The neophyte Albany State (iolf
Team went on a rampage and
boosted their season record to 6-1
by winning four straight matches
against Utica, Le il‘loyiie, AB(‘ and
Sieiia. The team culminated their
season by taking second place in
the annual State U. 'i‘oui'nameiit at
Rochester.

Story Stars
Bill Story, sliarpshooting medal-
ist of the team paced the hackers
throughout the year. Although he
faced some difficulty with consist-
ency, Bill is currently holding a
3-3 record. Story found himself

in the 'l‘ournamcnt and won ined-
alist honors.

 

Members of the State golf team are from left to right: Coach Rich-
ard Sauers, Co-captain Al Wagner, Co-captain Skip Gebhardt, Ed Braun,

Dave Rood, Bill Story, Bill Nelson.

Number two man, Roger (‘asey
was unavailable for some of the
matches (hie to personal problems,
but managed to cultivate a 1-1-1
record. ('asey did not participate
in the State U. 'l‘ourney.

i’nll Nelson, holding down third
position, improved greatly over
last year and was alternated se-
cond position in place of ('asey.
Nelson's -l~l-1 record was high-
lighted by a medalist score of 77
in the ABC match and a 170 in
the tournament.

Playing in fourth position, Co-
captaiii Al Wagner started the
season like a streak and accouiit-
ed for State's only win the RH
match, Wagner cooled off quick-
ly and settled for a 3-1) record with
a 166 in the S. U. 'l‘ouriiey.

Fifth man Ed Braun sports the
best record of the team with five
wins and one loss. Braun has
vacilatcd between the third and
fifth spots and Sauers feels sure
that Braun will find the consist-
ency necessary to lake top lioii-
ors next year.

(‘o-captain Skip (i(’I)Ilill‘(Ii and
Dave ltood have had a two way
fight for sixth place with Rood
dominating the position in two of
tiirce play-offs. Sauers called
Rood the most improved player
o ftlie year and Rood‘s 4-1 record
bears this out. (lcbhardt has had
his share of trouble finding the
fairways aml hacked his way to a
1-4 record. Sauers said with a
slight snort that (lebliardt's game
was improving.

PAGE 9

Peds Register First Winning Season;

Lose Twice

On Northern Road Trip

By JIM DOUGHERTY

Captain Chuck Recesso gave up only two runs in relief of starter Danny D’Angelico
and third-baseman Mike Camarata had a perfect day at the plate in propelling the Fed
diamondnien to a 10-6 victory over visiting New Paltz on Tuesday, thus insuring the Feds
their first winning season in their long history: State has compiled an 8-4 log thus far and
have only three games remaining in the current season. Wednesday night the squad tra-
veled to Oswego looking for win number nine. The score was not available in time to appear

in this edition of the paper.

Tomorrow afternoon the Feds will be playing on the

 

14/1494

The AMIA Softball leagues are
finishing their seasons this week
and the winning teams are begin-
ning to clinch their places. in the
first league, the (ioobers have
clinched a tie with Watebury as of
press time. The (loobei‘s' record
for the year is an unblemished 7-0.
The goobers have accumulated a
four-year record of 34 wins and
6 losses. They will face Water-
bury this week, aiid this game will
decide the results in the league.

in the second league, EEP
seems to be emerging on top after
a turbulent season of ups and

downs in the second league.

 

home diamond of the Utica Pioneers and will then close

out their season at New Paltz on Monday.
LONG ROAD TRIP

In logging over 550 miles last weekend, the Feds
managed only one win in three games while up north. On
Friday, in a wild and windy game at Postdani, State emerged
the victor by the margin of 13-11. This game registered Pete
Spina’s eighteenth win as a varsity hurler. Jim Brown and
Dick Mann were the big guns in this game each going three
for five at the plate.

Saturday was a sorry day for the Statemen as they
suffered two lopsided defeats at the hands of the Plattsburgh
('ardinals. In the first game starter Danny D’Angelico gave
up seven unearned runs in the first inning to spell doom
for the visiting Peds. Cardinal pitcher, Dick Phillips, gave
the Feds only three runs on four hits. The final score was 9-3.

In the second game the Feds tried hard but managed

only three hits in suffering their second shut-out of the
season. The Cardinals crossed the plate with thirteen runs
in registering their third season victory.
   , V, The bats of Mike Camarata and
Pete Spina came alive on Tuesday
to give the edge to State in their
first encounter with New Paltz,
Mike garnered four RBI’s on two
singles, a double and a homerun.
Pete contributed two singles, good
for two RBI’s.

Pete Spina, who was awarded
the baseball MVP award at last
night’s Athletic Banquet may well
be .going for a record 20 wins
against New Paitz on Monday, if
he won in Oswego on Wednesday.

State . . . . . . . .. 202 002 313—13 9 8

Potsdam ..... 024 120 002—11 9 3

State . . . . . . .. 300 000 O —— 3 4 5

Plattsburgh .. 700 200 x — 9 7 1

Mark Burliiigaine, batboy. Kneeling, (Pete) Spina, (Dick) Mann, State . . . . . . .. 000 000 0 —— 0 3 5

(Mike) Camarata, (Joe) Zwickiebauer, (Joe) Burton, (Johnny) I’aveika. Plattsburgh . 100 006 6 —-13 8 0
Standing, (Jim) Brown, (Gary) Peiifield, (Joe) I’ozowicz, (Danny)

D'Aiigelico, (Chuck) Recesso, (Stu) Nicholson, (Rich) Stuliiiaker, State . . . . . . .. 200 030 05x——10 10 2

Coach IIurliiiganie.

 

Have a gal cigarette-have a CAMEI.

 

 

The best tobacco makes the best smoke!

it J Itiynuhis 'l‘ubiicco (30., \VliinloirSiiluni. iN' I‘.

New I’altz  000 102 020— 6 7 3

From This Vantage Point
((‘ontinued from Page 8)

standpoint at least, was this writer’s privilege to present the
iit'SI annual State College News Board Award to Chuck Recesso.

When this award was originally conceived it was envision-
cd to honor an athlete who had the personal qualities neces-
sary to make a good team great or a great team greater. Just
such'a man is Chuck Recesso, and the proudest moment I have
had in four years of association with the News and the col-
lege’s athletic program was when I presented, on behalf of
the State (‘oliege News Board and the college community
(‘iiuck a plaque syiiiboiic of the qualities he possesses. To be
a team member and an inspirational leader is a hard task in
this day of statistical emphasis. But desire, courage, and manly
character are still important. qualities in any endeavor. Being
the tirst recipient of this award, Chuck will stand as a model
for all those who will receive it in the future. The lllclln to
follow will certainly have a lot, to live up to in accepting an
award first bestowed on (‘huck itcccsso.

A SHORT FAREWELL

'l‘o thank everyone would be impossible, but the iiidebt-
ciliiess l ieei toward everyone i have come into contact. with
while a stall member of the News is truly immeasurable.

CAMP COUNSELLOR OPENINGS

Graduate Students and Faculty Members xi
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS I

.‘ . coiiiprlsiiig 350 outstandIng Boys, Girls, [Homer-Slate d
(o-Iu‘d (Jumps, located throughout the New England. Middle ANTI)» ‘

 

 

tie States and Canada

. .INVI'I‘ES YOUR INQUIRIES eonecriiiii' sumn ~
as (touiierlors, Instructors or Administrator‘s. wr “uploymem '-
. . ."I'IOISI’I‘IONS in children’s camps, In all areas of activities, are
are a 6.

Association of Private Camps - Dept. C '

erte Phone, or Call in Person
55 West 42nd Street ' ox 5-2656 New York 36, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

