 

PAGE L

To the Members of Student Association:

It is difficult to express adequately my gratitude
for the generous act of kindness by the students of
State College on Moving-Up Day.

Your well guarded secret resulted in the most satis-
fying, most appreciated reward in my thirteen years
in education.

These last two years spent in working with the
Association have reinforced my belief that the stu-
dents of the College represent the finest, most
thoughtful members of any academic community in
the country. i appreciate all of the efforts by all of
the students to carry on the tradition of excellence
enjoyed by the College. Your insight, wisdom and
enthusiasm have not only maintained the high stan-
dards developed in the last century but they have
improved the community: and they have raised
standards. Your vitality and intelligent citizenship
have made to the (‘oliege contributions that will be
everlasting.

i shall display your gift with pride and shall. i
know. enjoy using the line writing instruments in
the years to come.

Best wishes for continued success to each meni—
ber of the student body as you pursue your goal of
serving humanity with the same vigor and compet-
ence you have demonstrated in the two years we
have been able to work together. ('Iil'ton C. ’l‘horne.
To the Editor:

It was With a wonderful sigh of relief that 1 read
Dr. Itlillet‘s article on separation of the sexes in the
colleges. for it provided me with just the incentive
and moral support l needed to write this letter. i
have a suggestion which i hope someone (Lord knows
who) will seriously consider as a possible campus
innovation for the fall It concerns the opening of
the men‘s dorms

By "opening" i mean that women may be enter-
tained by the men in their dorm rooms during cer-
tain designated hours of the day. This idea is feas-
ible (and safer: in fact. it has been tried and proved
successful at Brandeis l'mvcrsity and other schools.

The purpose of the plan is simply to provide stu—
dents with "a place to go." unless. of course, every
one is satisfied Will] the ultra-privacy of the lower
lounge of Briibachcr llall it the suggestion of tin-
supervised couples iii btdrooms is shocking. remem-
ber that no one Is going to "do anything" in a
building like Waterbury llalf lt appeasement of
conservative parciits and administrators is neces-
sary. two simple rules can be imposed iio locked
doors and all women must sign in and out indicat-
mg the room in which lhc_\ arc to be entertained 7'
but even these are i'calty unnecessary What
is important is lit if such an opportunity will

We ’0' Like [0 See

A course in mass media. especially jour-
nalism . . The State College Revue go on
tour. . . Freshmen have no vote in all-college

 

elections . . . More workers and fewer glory—
hunters Honors seminars in more do-
partments . . . A private phone for the News
office . . . More "distinguished visiting pro-

fessors" . . . ‘supprcssion‘ continue next year
. The old Co-op to. discount rate on
books reinstated . . An ct't'cctive tutoring
program set tip bv thc honorarics . . . More
administrators who are frank and sincere
with studei'its . More new campaign is-
sucs and more information .ilJlel. candi-
dates (even for Myskaiiia) l’coplc sclcct-
ed for positions on the basis of ability and
interest instead of personal friendships.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

ESTABLiSHEu MAY 191i
BY lHE t.i.A55 (7 iQIU
I‘iItIiH, lla‘y ts. ititi‘.‘ No. If
I'm rub-.1 i-‘ .. a ;. v. i . 'i. ll 1' I'Iill‘iit'
at. flittin, ,iiir...  v a .2. .1 t. t  ‘y'at ti, L..c
hit-wt Mount toi  it .Ir.' ‘a

l .‘il ltilt l.’i' f'dlll‘il‘
Altituwltr.’ I‘Littlut

LINDA
MAIL? fill}

LAHHi‘Jl .
l‘th‘l'L’i ‘vl  ‘.

 

 

 

ANNIE III/TIA!" H o' iic l‘xt tui
LINDA l‘ thi‘l t" 3-...” iaii I'.il ‘iii
Jlﬁh‘l'lt (ifald' Lu IiLU‘ I':(I."II
IKIItIH Ml'lIlilUll t i. ..  A no d't' itidt'ot
(III/‘lltililt‘ﬂ “Al/Juli Pitt.» lt;-..it.oi,. l'liit'ui
IINIJA lilﬂtlt‘! it . .' i, A ‘ .ci‘i my I'Lttltiil
KAREN BUM!" it"dAit' :tv . 5w. I," ..i:.i{ov [tilt'ni
DAVE .II'JNI’.“ itpoi'. lofﬂoi
HILI. (XIIKiAH . . ';i.t ligioi , I'iifitiu
l’iwtogrinpln. '  r . .w it citi- ..- l.e\tt.c
IJKHK I‘llll'lt/ltf) I.l." it fair lliomti. Hiiii

fiyiiuw Isl” ' ‘ lf‘ltn .o i
l(l.l’(Il('l’l'lti Ain't! .‘.ii.llll/. t l ‘i ii-ii. lt..i.i

I‘ll" i. i . i in in t i.': Hand,

Ir; .‘ i. J.:. 11' o'. .Iii .i. Mom]

at. if‘ i , l‘: t a: li 'v‘li'o'ii I'Iil

trtii I4,.tl‘ t to wtiit...ii.t

Al, unto; ... ‘toi., '.i.tiill :i‘ .)tl lit ' it, .I will!“ “fill
my“: be  lo Hana , /. .. tic /. t‘ i. t , icon-.1 ‘i‘i.c
H'I'A'I'K Ulildil‘xir,‘ Nile.» Knit . I II' .,.o:. to la , It”
t/inJ/i- c/.,iii I o t i.. ‘~ ‘41..” . . III int .w .: it .it .o.... .i;, i.tit:ii
clinician. ’1‘] J.,' .l v.it.: ., .vllt . . 4 /.
it.» 
i,.a.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, PIEDAY, MAY 18, 1962

Communications

provide a more open and healthier
atmosphere on campus, and. if
nothing else. will certainly save the
boys money on light dates.

The two big objections can only
come front the men themselves,
who might resent female intrusion
and the extra work load on the resi-
dent staff of the dorm, but i tend
to believe that the added conveni-
ence of this plan outweighs this
temporary inconvenience of sus-
pended privacy. 1 would like very
much to hear some evaluations of
this idea, especially from the men.

'l‘oni Mester '65.

To the Editor:

We feel that a segment of .\tr.
(talii's article concerning the Sen
atc meeting of May 9 should be
amended. llis lack of specific in»
formation leads to several crronc-
ous impressions. We feel that these
must be clarified.

At the time of the Senate meet-
ing the symposium was to be co~
sponsored by both Forum of Poli—
tics and SCA. A representative of
Fortiiii made a presentation on be-
half of the symposium.

"St'A's Symposium" (to qtiote
.\tr. (ialui is in reality sponsored
by a committee of several students
who have a concern for the impact
of the Nuclear Age on our contem-
porary society We feel that one
way to express this concern is to
fold a symposium on this topic.
This symposium w'culd consist of
people who are i't‘t'ttgiillt'tl leaders
in their fields. The symposium
would consist of a physical scien-
tist. a person from (‘ivil Defense. a
sociologist or an anthropologist.
and an cthicist.

This symposium will be held on
a week day and would not interfere
Willi other events on the social cal-
endar. It should also be noted that
the speakers will not speak consec-
utively. This has been the plan
since the inception of the program.
We have been unable to obtain
funds from the .surpltis funds. Due
to several points of detail which
were not allowed to be cleared up.
this request was turned down b,’
Senate The Symposium t,‘oiiiinitte.-
still feels that this is a worthwhile
project. and will persist in this un-
til its completion. We are sure that
this project will elicit considerable
interest on our campus. We hope
that this very worthy project will
litiilt'i‘iiilllC next autumn At the
moment the only thing that we luck
is adequate funds to carry this out
t)ur hope is that the campus Won't
be dcprivcd of such an opportunity

.\lan .\Iinari-ik '61.

[Alan Hinarcik was the repre-
sentative of the Student ('iiristizin
Association at the Senate meeting
of Hay it.-I-ld.l

To the Iz'ditor:

For the benefit of iiift‘t‘c-stidi stu
dents, I. as It'ot'tt'ii s dcfi-gcilt- to
the Senate llIt‘l‘lltiL’ oi .\lai it. would
like to state that .\en'itc ginc full
and adequate t‘tili‘xltlt‘i'ttlittll lo
Foi‘tttn's bid for co sponsorship of
the "Symposium on the .\uclciii'
Age" that was. originally to bc pi'c
settled by the Student t‘lii‘istiiiii
Association

Scnatc‘u i't‘tt‘t‘lltiii of this plan
was. fit my opinion, fully iii-,tit'icd
by the faulty plttiitilii" ot S('\'s

tiilttllllllt'i’ with icgard to specific
aspects of its presentation

Forum. on May 'I. appriocif ..-
plan for co sponsorship which was
necessarily (It'\tiltl of any details
for its presentation St'A's delcgatc
assured Forum of l‘ohlics that tl
would be fully responsible for thcsc
tli'failri

l"oi'iiiii'~. iii\Iil\t'iiit‘itl would cii
tail only a choice of speakers and
their topics. and an attempt to ob
tam fund.» from Senate

Senate’s objection to this pro
grant was the details of HS prcscn
tation as put forth by the St'A dclc
l‘,i'tll'

in verbalizing plans for an Octo»
ber symposium, lasting four hours
with three consecutive speakers,
and, of all things, an “open cut”
system allowing students to cut
classes in order to attend, was
symptomatic of the disorganiza-
tion consistently exhibited by SCA
in its impractical and idealistic
endeavors in behalf of this sympo-
sium.

Although i regard the idea of a
symposium as worthwhile. I earn
cstly suggest that SCA make carc—
ful plans for the details of its prcs—
eiitation before it again attempts to
obtain funds, aiiil that it place these
plans in hands more capable than
those of its delegate to Senate.

Robert Wieholdt ’61.
To the liditoi:
in regard to .\tr Gould's lcttcr
published May If. l have a few
statements and questions in reply

I do not feel that Senate dis
cussed the issue at liaiiil on April
tit. "closedmindedly." nor did this
body defeat the issue "thoughtless-
Iy " .\luch consideration was given
to the matter before. during. and
after the Senate meeting. I agree
“fill the statement that this inca-
Siti‘t' is of "prime importance to
the \\'cll~|u'iitg of our college. llttl
it is also important for its well-
bcing to have paticnce when plati-
time for the future

it amazes me to see .\tr fittilltl
writing of Senators as 'possi-sscd
of a non-esamining. highly apetlie-
tic last -day - before vacation at‘i
tude" i would suggest that he
follow a Senator around for at
least one week. carefully observing
the activities which go into fortnith
this “attitude.” in reference to
the salary issue. i think he might
not have been so outspoken in his
iiiispidginents had be seen the re
search done before the iiit‘t‘iiilLT

A» far as ftis facts are concerned.

and llls statement about Senators
being unaware of them. l might
ask .\tr (build where he was when

the St',\' passed out a thrcc page
miincogi‘aphcd list of points sup
porting its views

In answer to the facts enumerat-
cd. i reply the following:

i There are countless people on
this campus who spend a good to
hours in estractiri‘icular activities.
icry often without even a word of
thanks it is usually hick if their
names appear iii print. Which is
worse. to hours of work iii diycrsi»
Iii-d art-as or to hours spent in one
field"

I! 'I‘llt' pi't'wiill'iit‘} tll H\ iliics’
carry a yearly stipend oi itfttti, btit
llil' 'ii'csiilctit ts cbo~cii |i_\ tlic wholi'
tiudi-nt body I‘i'pl‘t‘st'ilfs thc whoic
student body. is responsible to the
.ybolc «ltltll‘lll both and is paid bx
tbc wliolc student body Is an
editor”

If flow iiincli incentive is offer
t'tI by the SA pt'cstili'tit's salary"
If that can be (tl|\\tt'l't'tl tlicii tell
inc why lltt't't' has bccn only
candidate for tfic [old for the last
two and it bad bcltcr be :1
"tiiitl I't';i\lill

t .\s for t‘llliiltlttliil" Slit Hfio from
the l’cilaitogiic. Is not this merely
litlylltf' from hand to giic to
tlic otlici " l‘ci‘h‘ips [lici'c .‘ii‘t' oflit't'
proph- on lltls campus "\li' filtttltl

tlllt‘

Unit's

tilit'

who li.i\c iiioi'c ft‘t‘ltll‘.‘ for ilit‘li'
t'Iillt'i‘t' l’ci'haps they will want
to i'cnicnibcr four years lll\fl‘.'itl of
onc flillilx'lllt' of tlicniscln s an ltit\

lli‘.‘ bccii part of ti t'tillt’t‘t'_ .‘lIltI not
.is a iiicinbcr of a chi-.s

| illll ltt layoi‘ of a salary for the
l‘idtloi' of llll‘ HI‘N, bill :if llic t'titltl
Iiioc and front the correct Iii"'ttlil
ration perhaps our future lotii‘
it.tl"=lil dcpai'lnicnt It is ill_\ liopc
that more people will bc awarc of
thc ncccssttics of thcii‘ collciic
t'ii!lict' lllltli of UMP ptil‘l til llll' ciil
tcuc tit'fi\lltt'\ :si-nalc has bccn
t'ttlt‘xltlt'i'llii’ this pi'oblciii for ill
ll't'txl thicc ycai's Where have you
lit't‘lt for the last three yt'tii'n. .\lr
tjoitlil'

ills

“till \llcii.

 

To the Editor:

Congratulations on your editorial . .
magnaniinotis, amusing, and urbane .
ing the epitaph on "apathy cdiotrials."
of the year is inspiring

The record is not complete, though, without some
notice of the rejuvenation observable in the State
College News. The present editorship seems to have
catight, this spring, the fire that Bill Frankonis lit
last year. if you can manage to continue, though

. imaginative.
. . pronounc-
Your review

unsalaricd. and continue to find new talents in re-
portage, review, and comment, you may well be able
to make a newspaper of which the college can be
’I‘lionison Littlefield.

unqiialificdly proud.

 

  

   

“Is there really a Dippikill?”

Common  
Stater it, a

.\Ic('.\lt'l'IlY

 

l’iy I'l..\'l"l‘ and

 

“.\Il's well that ends well."—Sliakcspcarc.

\lcaning this is the last addition of the State t'olr
It'L’t‘ Nexis bciorc vacation: we would like you to
take a glance to our too watt crystal sphere with us.
We pit-dict there will be some changes made during
ilic next semester in the:
tiltl‘Il-IK I)I'.‘l’;\lt'l'.\ll'l.\'l'

't'hc sororities won't have to throw formal dinners
because all the soiled rushing will litt‘." thc Frosh
lovchcs brain-washed by \lintcrhide

But the fraternities will have to buy” formal din
iici‘s because they won‘t be allowed to have one in
formal party.

The weekend will start on 'l‘hursday night at the
lrish l’ub. amt iii‘t't‘kS will cttt their Friday classes
\l).\llNIS'l‘li.\’l‘l()N IH'II’AR’I‘MICN’I'

'l‘lic llonsiiig Syndicate will have the whole execu
flyt‘ syndicate doing the twist on 'i‘hursday nights
at to p m A new office will be created. there will
now be an .‘tSSlriftilil. to the assistant, to the assistant
to the assistant to thc l'i'csidcnt of State. llis duty
will consist of cutting the red tape so our new caiiip
us will be constructed by lfittl

We assure you that fllt'i‘t' will be no ncczl for a
business office because all the fees will be paid to
Art Kapncr who will insurc us against food poison
ing. oicrcrowdcd rooms .iiid rubber checks
\'l'lll.l-J'l'l(' l)l£l'.\li I'NII'IN’I'

\ot only will \vc dcfcaf Sicna in basketball but
also in baseball b\ a tl'crhaps
t'nscy will be ti'mfcd to the \chs i

'l'lic snow lciicc \\lll bc iisid :is a goal post and a
eraiidstaiiil will ltl' erected on the bust-ball diamond

'lhci'c will be tlii’cc cldci'ly i'ti:tt'l|t':i who will i‘c
t't‘lH‘ their doctorates in cdiicatioii
ltttIHll'l‘UltY l)l.‘l’.\it'l'.\ll-JN'I‘

l‘:\t'i'_\ room in Saylcs Hall will bc equipped with
in at and llilIIl prin" but the only
pit allowcd will be a littlc blaik dog

llic broads oi l'lt‘t'll‘ tbc swcatcr girls of Alden
and the damc. of Hill will in\adc the third floor of
fl"t) ltcrry and rob every pair oi shorts and loose
pacc bclnicls from the heads.

l'.iit h group housc \\lll li(t\l‘ liobcrman l'inchci's

‘st'tit't‘ til‘ "."i It) ]

llttf» It:.i|‘t‘t\~wi--s

t lllltl'f|l\ littf flti‘ ltttttt'll \ttll l\t't‘lt Itiitttt't'iil llfllt'
folio-i ti‘oo. .liaipiion.‘ their nails on the window
silt-cits
lt\l.|.tt'l ltl‘ll'tlt'l'lll‘IN'l'

'lhi :iloc! of out one political party will liol’l

t‘lttllttli« lililftl‘ iroin wci kcnd the reason is that
llit litixlt would you for candidates thcy don't know

It will be t‘\.llt'itii'l\ tllllltllll to elect a pi'cl. be
t.t|f c Ihcic will ltt two proph- running for office but
oiif\ i'f |t“At'li \\fll ttt iito tcpi'cscnt the student body

'lhc spoils ‘i'\wlt'lil will iioi be in opt-ration ncxt
‘.t'.ti' wbcii llic tiinc ionic» to sclcit counselors It
will bc required that all i'oiitisi-loi's be tilif's bccausc
who tttilltl Ilt ttci i‘cpicucni .i ltiisliful [any counselor
\I'THt'S tit'lilt

Although not prcdictions may not come true, we
‘iiittt‘i't‘l)’ hopc the message has reached you In
pai'liiii'. we‘d like to say, how a itood sitiiinicr. stay
stilit‘i and we'll scc you fit the fall
'.’ fit" It”: Vllll'Ili'

\\iff lltt' filttill' pcitaiii to final ,iadcs'

cu...

2;

Senate:

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. MAY lit. 1962

Alumni to Aid Freshmenl War On Beattyl

Senators Revamp Dippikill
Farm House Construction

By JOIC

The Senate meeting began with
the election of t‘orneha t'i'owlcy
'tifi and Monica t‘anlt'icld and David
.Ienks. Sophomores. to the Athletic
Advisory hoard.

Budgets

The Debate t‘liib budget was dc
featcd for the second time Also
for the second ltillt'. the l’rcsidcnt
of the ltebatc t‘lub iatlcd to show
up for the Senate \t‘\~.lttil Since
no exact tii‘t'HUlls t"\;it'ii.~t' t'i'c irds
were available. Scnatc was unable
to judge the budget

The (lltfillLl t‘lub buds.»
moved from illt' l'tltlt' .iiiil liilsxt'tl
37‘ititttt was itiycti ‘o the cliib \
$2700” budL'ct was .tzprnci tor
the tiolouy t'liib

A ('tttllliiilli-i' to

'.'. if ‘ l't'

-c:iii :i for it:

counts wa- trotted .ttttl 'llft"l to
litittttit' litilt'flt'lii‘ of .‘l.il ‘\..ioi::i
Skotki and it: l.o. In t to :rith
('aiiip Iliai'd lt‘idgci

The discussion of lllt '.itil]i
Hoard budget bc:_au with do .i.i
pearancc of ltr \rthnr It l.oli'
of the t'hcniistry lactlf‘t. ltr l.oii
is ;i ineinbcr of coop ltoai'rl llc
read from a lcocr it. sent-c .t'lll
explained what has bun act-no
liltSllt'tl with t'i-“arif t I the fiit'lii'tt'n
at ltipoikill

lbc til'l' in..f H at»: .. til.i.’. ‘tl
lli.ifl'.t'll_'~ 'llti il‘tllit ‘ Mr W.  t

llltlllSiiiitl dollars “if ttici'i'i~ii. the

t'apitol t'oiis'roction iiinii il\ :.»
duccd to 's'ttfittti 'flic t.i‘~. bite of
Mott was maintained

(iAIli

’lhe Iiiie for $3.500 for mainten-
ance and repair of road and farm—
house and program operation was
divided. $500 was authorich for
maintenance and. in theory. pro-
. t‘ittti operation

Renovating Farm House

.\ line was added which provides
up to Sxfiiitt for "Dippikill Farm
House itcno\ation with the stipula-
tion that plans are in accord with
the owners and coowners.“ This
additional line left the total of the
't'ltlt‘t'l at Stimsooo

'tht- bizdL'ct piisSt‘tl ill the above
tom the program was formic
i.iittl by .l si/t‘dlilt' group of Sena»

:uu who worked on the budch
- '.'.‘t'ii Scn'itc meetings

ll! 'i‘i-up worked on the flip
i ii: 'i‘:.'l.|lli so that the einpha»
been moicd from the plans
li'llltlftl_' to

to .i it:  improving
ht c i 'm lttllltllllL‘

lobi l.o. Sut- \lui‘plty atid l’at
-' ciri sophomores. were appointed

hopes to
farm

c-onmittcc which
Ilt't'fl‘y iii the

t
t

l 1‘
Uilli'liiiilt‘ :be

In t-i‘ and Iilil.‘illt bills for having
'l.- work done

'llti~ i.cw plan tl-tt'\ not cancel
'tt [il.t.'iittii“ tor a new building
\tli..t 'hss plan hopes to accom
""~l| t‘ the I‘ctto\attoii of the old
at": to: c so that it will he more
i .it-l. b‘. :tc‘tt year.

low inpro'cmcnts ft r the farm

 iiivliidc the in»'allation of
" tthro oo-~ improving the heating.

t-‘grtlt'lti‘.’ the walls. floors and ccil~
and installing electricity.

tII. \.

By Memoria/ Scholarship

'lhc James A. Warden Memorial
Fund has been csiablislicd for
wurthy freshmen men. Beginning
with the coming academic year this
four-year scholarship will be award»
ed to incoming students on the
basis of their activities. scholastic
achievement. and athletic partici»
paltim.

Award criteria and procedures
are being determined by the Fund
t‘ommittce and Advisory t‘ommiiv
tee from the classes of tittfttttfit
'l'ht' bacilliy-Stttdt-iit t'.irpoi‘ation is
the legal body for receiving dona~
tions

The success of this memorial dc
pends upon contributions to the
James .\ Warden .\lcinorial l“l‘lltl
t‘oiitribntions in any amount are
encouraged. 'l‘he committees hope
that the largest possible contribu-
tions can be made in the initial
year of the award

t'hccks should be made payable

to .Iaiiics A. Warden Memorial
Ftiiid and mailed to the Faculty
Student Association. Inc. SI'NY

college. Albany. New York.
James A. Warden
.tiiii Warden was a graduate of
Albany State who passed away in
the summer of ltiﬁti. He entered
the college after two years of iiiili

tary service.
the Fund ('ommiticc describes
.tiin as "a study in pride and con

cciitration in the classroom. on the
basketball court, in soccer. in My»
kaiiia. or in lltlt‘l' l-‘raternity t'oun-

cil 'l'he l’ottcr t'lub  signifying
service and sincerity. aptly des-

cribed him both as a member of
the (‘lub and School."

.liiii Warden continued his edtlctiv

 

 

 

 

RELAI~

WE HAVE THE WIDEST SELECTION OF
t STUDY AIDS

 

tion at Washington University.
tt.l’.l.. and (Ilarkson ('ollegc. le
taught. science and mathematics at
llolland l’atent, New York for nine
y 'tii‘s.

Memorial Fund

'ihe interest in establishing a
memorial fund began when .\lax
Fallek '51 met with (‘oach llatlia-

way and President (‘ollins during
the spring of ltitttt A proposal was
drawn tip by Fallek which was pre-
sented in the class of '51 at their
tittli reunion. Alumni Day in ltittt.

The proposal was accepted by
the alumni. and they chose a fund

comiiiittcc to establish a fund
through siilft'llttlltiil of friends and
classmates. iti establish a legal

body to administer the fund. and

to determine the nature and uses
of the fund.
The Fund t'ommiticc met with

t'olhns and at his site
L1i"\ftitti till ittlvisoi‘y t'tilttiliiflt'c
from lllt' classes of filth lltTil was
set up. At this meeting it was alsi
decided that the legal body rc
sponsiblc for receiving tlttllitllttlls
would be the Faculty Student t'oi‘p
oration.

Students Present
7 Deadly Sins

From Literature

The ttral Interpretation
ISpcccli tilii will present an even
mg of readings. The Seven Deadly
Sins. Tuesday, May 22 at lizot) p m
m lirubachcr t'ppcr Lounge.

liobcrt (Whitey; Fish '62 will read
a short story. "This is the Way the
\t' "id l‘Inds, This is the Way the
‘.'.'orld Feds." which he wrote

’l'in- other readers and their sc-
l('('llt)li\ lilt'ltltlt“ .\lrs lictty Witt
'tiif. "My Last Duchess" by ltobcrt
lirownmg till'ltlt't t‘arol Shuckrow
"on. a st‘lt'llttli from ()tlicllo by Wif
bam Shakespeare tenvyi. Nathan
l'uckctt ‘tifi. "Nasty" by l"t'l‘tlcl‘l(‘l\'

l'residcnt

('lass

Iti'own tlt't'lit‘l')’t. .\lt‘s. l'lyclyti
ltrown ‘ttlt. "t'upid A La ('artc"
by t) lfcnry tgluttoiiyi. Nicholas

\t'liclden bit. a selection from The
Inferno by l)aiitc Frances .\‘cw-
man ~ttZ \vifl read :i selection illus
trating avarice.

 

GRADUATION DAY
IS .IUNI‘I ltl

THE
PRICE
IS
RIGHT
FOR YOUR
GRADUATION
DAY GIFT

.il

HAROLD FINKLE
.I ICWI‘IH‘IICS
\tycr a (barge For credit
$307 (‘entral Avenue
Upcn lu'vci'y Nile ’l‘ill ti I’..\l.

PAGE 3

 

By PAUL JENSEN

In the three films he has made
so far. Warren Beatty has played
what is essentially the same role.
Splendor in the Grass. his first
film. presented him as a mixed-up
teenager; in The Roman Spring of
Mrs. Stone he played a gigolo who
made his living  a companion o
ioncly women. ﬂy the time his third
picture. All Fall Down, was made
he was ready for bigger and better
things In this movie he plays
the role of a mixed-up. teenage
gigolo

‘.\|i Fall Down'

This most recent film, presented
at the l’alacc ’i‘heati-r. intends to
he a human drama of fi‘aility. In-
slt'iitl. it is a frail drama of hu«
mainly. It is the story of a vaga-
bond ltcrryrlici'ry tl’ieattyi. his
brother il’irandon lie Wildci. and
parents (Angela liansbury and Karl
.\faldcii i. and the girl he eventually
lives Il‘lva .\larie Saint)

.tolm l-i'ankenhe.mer's direction
is comoeteni. hut oiin intermittent-
ly ext-uni: .\ tendency toward
coiiiplaci ncy greatly detracts from
its [itiwsllllt‘ effectiveness Oscar-
winner Inec‘s screenplay is also
undistinguished, lts vagueness and
uncertainty. though not the worst
aspect of the film. certainly con-
irioutcs \cry little that is worth-
while.

.\eting

ln :cneral. the acting is ex
reptioiial Angela Lansbury's is a

cm of a performance: as Berry-
tit-rrys o\t'l‘-s‘til|('lft)tlS mother. she
i- fawning. frivolous, and just drip—
ping with "love." She overflows
.\llll family cliches. but underneath
\lii' retains a recognizahly realistic
aspect that becomes increasingly
bchcyable. tine can see reflected
in this woman elements of all mo
thcrs.

Kiti‘l .\lalden as the alcoholic
father is almost equally effective.
His performance however. lacks
much of the universality of Miss
l.and.sbiiry's. ttiily occasionally do
we see in him a realistic. recogniz-
able 'i'athcr character."

As the younger brother. lirandon
lie Wilde winningly portrays the
adniii‘inil.. inquiring, and normally
rebellious qualities of such a youth.
.\tiss Saint is beautiful and utilita-
rian as the girl nextvdoor type. but
littlc else is a>kcd of her.

ltcatty's l’ortriiyal

\arrowmg the down as
much as possible. it appears that
the picture» fttlllti't' is dttc to War-
i'cii licatty. llis portrayal of Berry-
licrry is that of a dirty iinkcpt, uti-

tilllSt'

trii'iiis' ‘loh this fit itself is not
bittl the character litilcs lift'. tiiltl
\f) such .ttllttlt“ and appearances
could appcai' natural

Itiit to prcscnt him as such an
apclikc ocrson. and thin to ask
u» to ltt‘llt'\t' that i'\t'i'_\‘ woman
hc lill’t'l\ finds him irresistible. is

l'Itllt'lllttll~- .\s a result. the entire
plot ltcrry ltcri‘y's inability to
feel low. in» final discovery of the
emotion. and the immediate tragic
t‘tiiisciiltt‘itt'i‘s is made equally
foolist itlltl unbchcvublc.

\oi all who \\'ci‘t' involved in
.nakini' llll’w tilm fell down on their
.ohs. but the few who did (three
to' wi'itci' and cspcciafly "stai"'i
.fctcimmcd thc quality of the pic

'illi'

 

Jiioil'

 

75 State Street

 

 

SUMMER COVERAGE
Under Student Medical Insurance
June it), liitSB to Sept. it), 1962
3 Months Protection Only $7.50
Write or Call

ART KAPNER

Ilt) 5~l>l7l

 

 

 

