 

 

PAGE 10

Frosh Nine Have It Rough:
No Ball Field; No Players

After practicing for more than a month, State's Frosh
baseball team is still lacking two of the more basic nec-
essities: (1) Manpower, and (2) A decent place to play.

Twelve Who Dared

At last count a total of twelve men were out for the
team—hardly an adequate number. And to boot, these
hearty dozen are forced to practice in what amounts to
a glorified sinkhole. The pit with a backstop that lies to
the west of Vets’ Field, is the scene of the Frosh‘s daily
workouts. Surrounded on three sides by 15 foot slopes,
this “ball field” tends to get a bit soggy when inundated
by Albany’s spring showers. The infield is nothing short
of a nightmare. It resembles something out of the Battle
of the Marne, generously supplied with gopher holes, and
base paths which are really trenches. The outfield, in sharp
contrast, is only a bad dream. If one ignores the sogginess
and the 25° downward slope in center and right, it would
prove quite adequate for most Little League teams.

Opening Day Two Weeks Away

With opening day little more than two weeks away,
Coach Hissert might well have been carted off to the happy
farm by now, if it weren't for his baseball know-how and
sense of humor. He has been slowly molding his team to
prepare it for the April 27 debut with Hudson Valley. Al-
though it is still much too early to think in terms of a
starting line—up, several Frosh have proven to be good ball
players. Mike Gutctuch, in particular, has shown great
ability at shortstop, and has been described by Hissert as
“the man who will make our infield move."

In the all important pitching department, Hissert has
some depth, if a twelve-man team can be considered to
have depth. Three Frosh, Danny Zeh, Dick Kimball, and
Joe Mazzarulli, are now battling for the starting assign-
ment. If any two make good, most of the team’s pitching
problems will at least be solved. The Frosh are slated to
play only eight games, in what promises to be a short, but

WAA Forms
Softball 8Tennis

0
Spring Leagues
What‘s Your Racket?

if it's tennis, there will be a
meeting April l-‘ith at 4:10 in the
Student Union for all those par~
ticipating. if you are unable to
attend. please contact either Bob—
bi Evansburg or Margie. Tucker,
managers. It was decided that
only singles will be played each
Tuesday at 4:10 on the tennis
courts across from the dorms.

But, if your racket is with the
“birdie,” check the WAA bulletin
board for the following week’s
schedule. Singles and doubles will
be played and managed every
Tuesday night by Jan Wathier and
Judy Fernekes.

Bowling Highlights

In the bowling spotlight, Chi
Sig's outstanding bowler, Jane
Quay, scored high with a 180 game
against Alden ll last Tuesday. As
a result. Chi Sig won two points:
one for the total number of pins,
and one for winning the first game.
(‘oniiie (lreen was high for Alden
with a 1515 game. Alden team ill
and [V have yet to play t'hi Sit!
for the championship.

Deadline. For Rosters

.\ll softball rosters must be
turned in to Miss lluxley by April
17th with a minimum of eleven
players on a team. This spring’s
softball leagues will be managed
by Carol Eaton and Marlene Gill-
is. Games will begin next Tues-
day, continuing each Wednesday
and Thursday. A minimum of six
teams will constitute a league.

 

interesting season.

 

 

Spnng
Clearance

SALE

April 13 - 19, 24 - 27

Easter Cards AT  00-0p

P

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1962

 

 

 

 

Touching All
Bases

By DAVE JENKS

 

Yea Yankees! ! !

Wahhooo! ! there! '

Be
Yes, the Yankees are off in their usual fantastic, hard—hit-
ting, smooth fielding, grandiose way. First game of the
year they crunch Baltimore 7—6 . . . Skowron belts one. 4'70

Yippee! ! Yyoowwwmmm! !

feet into the canvas behind the center field flagpole. for
an inside the park homer. . . . Mantle clouts another four-
bagger . . . and yes! Rog delivers a biting “eat your heart
out" to the sports writers by lambasting a three-run shot
into the distant right field upper deck in Yankee Stadium
the is now 11 games ahead of last year's pace). You're right.
I am a Yankee fan, and now that I’ve finished my clever
little binge, cleverly (I didn't use cleverly in last week’s
column so I’m putting two in this week) scaring off all
you Yankee haters, I will get on to something that has to
do with athletics here in Albania.

Many times this spring you “loyal” sports fans will
read the names of various track, tennis and baseball play-
ers in the headlines and news stories of our dear little
paper. By occasionally presenting one of these men to you
by means of an interview, we hope that you will at least
be able to get a glimpse of the real people behind these
names.

For our first “interviewee” we will go to the baseball
squad, and select its veteran catcher, the last athlete here
at State to play 4 years of a varsity sport, J. R. Pavelka.

‘«  There is an interesting story as to John—
..2 ny‘s becoming Albany‘s first string catcher
for four years. It seems that in high school
he never played any position except the out—
fielid, but at a Thacher Park solftball game
during his Frosh camp, he was forced to
: take the catcher’s position because no one
' else wanted it. Dick Sauers, then the Fed
JOhﬂ PaVCU‘a baseball coach, saw him, asked him to come
to the fall practice (an innovation that should be consider-
ed now), and he has been donning the “tools of ignorance“
for the Varsity Nine ever since then.

    

Threading my way through the whizzing softballs. fly—
ing bats (not the animal type), speeding golf balls, and
errant tennis shots on crowded Vets’ Field, I found the lit-
tle hard-nosed ballplayer from Lake Carmel, New York,
catching one of our pitchers.

“Hey, Johnny!” The ball smashed into his big mitt.

"What can I do for you?” He snapped the ball to the
pitcher.

“i‘d like to ask you a few questions for the paper.
Okay?"

“minty,” he motioned to lilt' pitcher that thai would
be all for awhile, and came over.

"flow are you doing personally so far this ‘i‘ttxwlllf l
tlHiit‘tl to get tlic conversation started.

“Well, it‘s hard to tell this early, l'ni always a slow
sizii'tci'. My hitting is improving. rl‘hc first two years 1 play--
t-d here 1 hit very poorly, but last ycar 1 brought my awr-
agc up to about .300. l‘vc been popping the ball in the air
too much so far. This has always been my biggest hitting
problem, but I'm sure it will straighten out. My power is
better, probably because I haVc been swinging a weighted
but all winter. Dcfcnsively i think I'm doing all right."
This last bit of information is a slight understatement.
John is a superb fielder, and handler of pitchers, and has
naich as many as 15 runners in one season with his shot
gun arm.

“How does the team as it whole look this year!“

“in general, id say good. Our main strength is our dcr
time, which is the best I‘ve seen in four years We havr
five or six potential son hitters, but with our pitching likc
it is we may have to win some 1371:; or 18-17 type-guiiies.
Another weakness is our spccd ’l‘hcre are only two oi' three
really fast runners on the squad, but if We can just get the
men on base our hittcrs should be able to bring them home.

“As i said, our pitching is hurting, but it can go eithcr
way. Danny (D‘Angclico) is our best pitcher ()n a good
day l‘d say he‘s as good as Spina was. To sum it up, i think
we can Win 5) or it) games anyway, and with good pitching
maybe even 11 or 12." This is Johnny l’avclka; you ask
him a question, and he‘ll gch you a firm, well thought out
confident ttllSWt'l‘.

"llavc you set any goals for yourself, Johnny)”

Yes, i guess so. I‘d be happy to bat oVer .333, and score
about as much as 1 did last year. I'd like to nail 15 runners
or so, and play a strong defensive game, but I think I’d
most like to captain the winningcst team in the history of
State." The call for batting practice was given and State’s
veteran baseball captain excused himself and hustled off
to take his cuts.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL

S’ra’re Tennis Team Shaping Up Well
Despite Graduation of4 Ve’r Players

Although the State Varsity ten-
nis team lost four of its members
by default to graduation, Coach
Merlin Hathaway is looking for-
ward to what appears to be a suc-
cessful season. He feels that
the team is very strong this year
because of the experience of the
players as well as to the calibre of
their game. All have had from
two to four years of high school
play and most have played from
one to three years in college coin-
petition. With this impressive
background, Coach Hathaway is
confident that his proved play-
ers will come through with a win—
ning season.

 

'l‘ennis captain. Dave Baum. re-
turns opponents smash.

 

GERALD DRUG CO.

at? Western Ave. Albany, N.Y.
Phone 6-3610

i'orncr ()N'l‘ARlO and BENSON
FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE
DIAL 4-1125
College Florist for You:

 

M...—
M

FUR 'l‘llI‘I FIRST TIME
IN ALBANY

h [4,.
Sea 9 o- {asik
Amazmg 1 

AQUA PEN  V—

tPul.) K

   

   

'llHOI [1’] "(HO

Fills with Water. . .
and Inslanfly

. . . Writes with Ink!

$2.98 uni Gm to-

llellME GUARANIEE CERIIFICATE
l00% AMERICAN MADE

HAROLD It‘lNKLE
“Your Jeweler”

207 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

Vets Return

Last year‘s Varsity players rc-
turning to the team are headed
by Dave Baum, Paul Erickson,
and Steve Myslinski. Baum has
played for three years at State and
has a record of only four losses.
Paul Erickson won the Most Valu-
able l’layer‘s Award last year and
is well versed in boil) doubles and
singles play. ’l‘hesc two are back--
ed up by Steve Myslinski, anoth‘
er three year veteran of the State
courts. All are

class of ‘62.
Fresh Move Up

members of the 

also went undefeated for last year's
series of matches.
these players is the experienced
doubles team of llill Vigars, ‘64
and John Bennett, '64, both form-
er high school players.

The seeded positions

Supporting

will not

be determined until Friday or Mon-
day. according to Mr. Hathaway.

John Barthelmes. John Bennett,  3

Bob Set-man, John Sturtevant, and .

Bill \'igars have been recruited
from last year's Frosh team.
liartlilelmes, the number one man
of the Frosh last year, will be
in close contention for the first
position on the present Varsity.
Also vying for one of the top
seeded positions is Bob Seaman,
‘64, who last year defeated a play-
er from Hudson Valley who had
gone unconquered for seven years.
Competing with these two is the
Frosh's Most Valuable Player of
last season. John Stiirtevant. he

;

  

Racketeer. Don Cohen, stretches for ball in I961 Tennis Match

13, 1962 PAGE 11

Varsity Nine to Open Season
Ar Siena NextL Wednesday

Ily I‘ll) RE")

With the 1962 season opener at Siena less than a week
away, Bob Burlingame doesn't seem much closer to picking
his starting nine than he was a week ago. A pleasant mix-
ture of monsoons mixed with mild hurricanes have forced
the 1igeam to practice in spacious Page Gym until just this
W00 .

Crucial Weekend for Some

Tomorrow, State will travel to Schenectady for a scrim-
mage with Union. The performance of the team will prob—
ably determine the starters for Wednesday. Burlingame

_ Stated. as late as Tuesday, that

three men, Zwicklbauer, Sheehan
and Carroll, were still in the run-
ning for the Keystone positions. The
only fixed positions to date are
l’avelka catching, Camarata at
third, and l’enfield at center. Bur-
lingame also stated that Dick
Mann would be in the line-up off-
ensively, but defensively, either at
first base or in the outfield. This
leaves four positions open besides
that of the pitcher.
‘ Although the identy of the open-
mg day pitcher has not been dis-
closed, it will probably be either
Vito D‘Angelico, who has had var-
sity experience, or Joe Thorpe,
who has been looking good in prac-
tice.

It's what's gp from that counts

Up front is FILTER-BLEND and only Winston has it!
Rich, golden tobaccos specially selected and specially
processed for full flavor in filter smoking.

 

 

