 

PAGE 6

You Are
There

While diligently applying my
two-fingered touch type technique
to my dilapadated excuse for a
typewriter last night. this humble
scribe was suddenly beset by an
idea. Why not “create” an entire-
ly not very new type of column?
Why not plagarize the writings of
those unsung sports writers who
have come before? Why not call
this not very new type column
You Are There. Why not? Cause
it’s work. that‘s why! That was my
advice to 1110, but my Dad always
told me to never take advice from
a foot, so here I am.

 

With dreams of grandeur filling
my skull. l rushed into the News
morgue tone has to be a grave
man to do that on Halloween iughti
last 'l‘uesday. and began madly
thumbing my way through stacks
of crumbling. moldy back issues"
and so what‘s the first litadline I
see . . . S'I‘ATE‘S IIILL AND DA-
LERS OVERWIIEIAI ll.-\RD 23-
33. All well and good except for
one little detail—in last week's
News I wrote that State Iiad re-
cently formed a cross country
team. for the first time in its his-
tory. The headline happens to date
from circa ttiﬁiti. li‘tinny. huh" .-\
panic and a half . . . Five years
ago some demented soul (anyone
writing sports must be tieiiientedi
wrote that. "Last year an attempt
at building tip our intercollegiate
sport program \ia the track line
was made and the apa‘hy that erol
ved brought it to an abrupt btit
possibin temporary halt." Wonder
if Sportslfditor .Ienks will have
to write the same thing next year'.’
. Potter (‘lub was already in
the habit of winning AMIA foot-
ball championships back in (let,
1941 . . . .r\.\ll.-\ t‘ouncil dropped
baseball from the ltitB sports sche-
dtilc. Reason? \‘ot enouin oppoir
cuts to play . . Siena was the
nemisis of State basketball teams
as far back as 1946. beating the
I’cds lit-~15 . . . I’ed basketball
team was playing in real class on
Dec, it}. 1927, taking on the Dart-
mouth cagcrs and losing iii-2:; . .
In '37. the Sophs were t‘.»l push-
ball favorites, 'lhey lost. “that was
21 years ago tlut-ss it'll he an
other 2‘. years before th- '01 push-
ball game comes oil was in
il'Jllltll'lil program inchiiiid swim
llllllL'. with [Jill'tit‘tjiilllls paying the
cxhorhitant fee of llic a dip, in-
cluding soap and towels. of course

“-.
K
K

4”

 LET‘S Alli

 
   
 


~T-LiD-EN-TS/s

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1961

EEP Tops All-Stars 13-0
As Spicci Scores 

t
i

 

All-Star Gary Lynch closes in on Potter's Danny l)‘.-\ngelico and
Dick .Vlann.

This year's AMIA Football League ended last Sunday
on a familiar note as Potter won again. Even the All-Star
team could not muster enough force to knock the Club in—
to the lost column as they were dropped 13—0. It was not
a member of the All-Star squad or a Potter gridder who
had made the All~Star team that turned out to be the hero.
Instead. it was EEP's fleet-footed, little publicized end Pat
Spicci who was the standout. catching both touchdown
passes for the winners. While the game was definitely a
defensive battle. the better organized Potter offense clear—
ly had the edge over the All-Star offensive unit. gaining 11
first downs to only 2 for the opposition.

The first half started off sluggisth with neither team
moving the ball very well. Both quarterbacks had trouble
completing passes this half as All—Star George Anastas hit
on only 4 of 14. and Potter‘s signal caller Mike Camarrata
completed only 2 of 10. Unfortunately for the All-Stars.
one of these two completed passes turned out to be a TD
toss to Pat Spicci. Following the score. Camarrala ran the
ball into the end zone for the extra point to bring the score
to 7-0. No more scoring took place before the half time
whistle.

'l‘he l'Jl'Il’ offense
swing in the second half as T otit

 

started to
Notices

(‘ iaclies Wanted

of 1”) passes were completed It

was not tiiitil the fourth quarter.

however. that the “NH in black line ti h; shiriaee ot t'tittl'llt's
and white pushed across the r see 111 Ill“ llilll" " lli’t’l- 111"” illlllt‘llt'
ilt'f‘tii‘liui-itl li:is tii't‘tl il tit't'csstii‘)

ond scoic tince :igaiii 2' was tic I) “mm MI”) “W” Nyluhlmx “I.
.\‘Ii:i:). S'atc,

f‘Il’it't‘I I’ll“ i‘Ie.‘ \t presint liltl'-' is .i li:'ItI tor
ill'~tl\. Ill -hr .t‘tl. ziiul

L'I‘ztth- li t\i\:‘lil;tii t'ottclii-s

coirpli-hcd on a t'autai‘i'ata to

llltls'nllillll‘ players for the \ll “11‘. yr
Stat" tcam ‘.‘,tl'l' ditcnsnc players eighth
lintc .\'. lll' hi. I'om Iii|i~. l- l‘t'l i.  'llt' eh I .s tllli i't c-‘il ph-asc
Ihmch..ii. and till litiincit and ilt‘iit'l ‘.li ltoinit |.cv.i~, .\lihic
oil: li'-lvt‘ (2 tili'l‘ imii Ills't'iil Ely ~ii :il I‘II it .itioii llii'i-ctor

  
 
  

L MEETMGREETv w
ND EAT M

STA-URANT!‘

 

“‘r‘ or 
WAﬁd

 7914ku  Inﬁﬂrﬂ/a

’ Vern. Conan.
"W V

mam 9,2503 Latvia;

fines/Jr? erA/mv D;
 Sﬂ/wﬂé r w 6 Near 8mg“
44

' SI’NGHRTN @S/avsaw..

 

 

L130tf£urﬁﬂt ml .
m '
we.» : Fﬁ’xifE/i'rwfy @ﬂggﬁM/CES :
Ugo STE/RKSfGHOP‘S
.2, 5 C asset
1.1.2.. it 5/07“ can? (on)
M ﬂ.
,, g a gaggle/ewes

 

 

 

 

 

 

0pm Mow/9r
to am -i2. e M

 

   

 

Fizz».  ,

OPEN SUNDAY
'. ti eta-12PM

 

mo 
i to

   

I

 

Touching All
Bases

By DAVE JINKS

 

ALL QUIET ON THE FOOTBALL FRONT

Now that AMIA football has ended and Vets’ field set-
tles back into quietness with only the occasional pitter-
patter of soccer shoes, we will take a few glimpses at the
past season. It was not unusual to see Potter, the “Yan-
kees” of AMIA football, once again on the top of the pile
up, but we were pleasantly surprised at the over-all strength
of the entire league. The over-all caliber of ball seems to
be improving every year and we feel things are looking up
for the possibility of organizing a varsity football team here
at State. Anyone interested in starting the movement?

Congratulations must go out to EEP‘s halfback Danny
D'Angelico for taking the AMIA Scoring Title. Danny
latched on to the ball and carried it for a score seven times
during the season. It was a touchdown catch in the final
minute of his last game that gave him the edge over APA‘s
Bill Burnett who finished with six scores.

YEA SIENAII

No don't shoot! We aren't switching loyalties, just
offering a token of thanks to L. H. for giving our cross-
country team a chance to show what it can do. Since they
are only in the formative stages. our squad has been hav-
ing a hard time scheduling meets, so we would seriously
like to thank the Siena team for fitting us in their already
tight schedule.

It looks like we really have a tremendous runner in
freshman cross—country man Tom Robinson. Not only is
he a good cross—country runner. but he should be able to
help next year‘s track team since he ran a 4:32 mile in high
school. W‘ also feel it is necessary to give a lot of credit
to coach Munsey who has done a great job in getting the
team started and preparing them for their first meet.

JENKS’ JUNK

. . . Mitch credit must go to the freshman gym classes
which have been working on the new baseball field. We
hope they don‘t mind going over there for classes all win—
ter so that we have our baseball diamond ready by next
spring. . . . Once again a State soccer player hates us. give
Bob Seaman belated credit for his goal in the Albany-New
Paltz game. . , . Look out Potter! Rumor has it that the
men from TXO are pledging Johnny Unitas. Ray Barry.
Sam Huff. and Rt'ioscvelt Greir. . . . We understand that. a
certain soccer coach is trying to be some sort of television
star—lots of luck in your new career Joe. . Is anyone
wondering what the training rules for the Varsity cross—
country team are after discovering that their coach is clev—
crly sponsoring smoking contests on the side'.’

 

\ .
"a. I. , .3 "h"... l
i If” Iiiu/i Illhltll t ‘ 
/ ('r/

/

I'Ilt.\HIC \\ I'I‘Iltll 'l‘ .\ 'I‘IlMZI‘l
UN lﬁ\'l‘t).\‘H tit)ltltKH.\ltl.l'l BUN”

loinlilvpi- liiintaiinlpul. txpc with Iillt' iiitllii llt'II

I'litltii .till liol II - I't.

to tiiiii oiil licilcit liljll‘l'
on toiit ii I: llin Ill c ‘.Iitl 1 III ci.i x- -~|lIIHllI .i Iiiilc
‘|\[I||l.‘ itl‘ll til Ijijil'll ili" Illill‘li with p. l lill' Iilth Hi
.iii oi Iilltl‘. [ltlltli1|.I‘II.|III'|t“ l|I\I‘t .i lilliih-cianiic
Ilitli lili 1 i ii i did!

foiiii Ii‘il |

pupil iii|.iic

t\ ItIIiiIt' iii light u s.
llil'Illiltl l.vi. --'|'Ill Illiifllll'ill
\l.iii Iii ioii'.iioiiil ill” Ill't‘I
Iil'i.tl i:.-l Ill" Io'ct lI'.lllt

lw-i Htil.
‘liill Ii I"

I tliill lll.li.I'~ an}

Ms. 
[VP ‘0” _ t
I mam/322,381: f
_, > 67%;
\lii il. itllt‘ I\[ll'\\ll[‘-l I'M".I .» a y

l\lti.\ l‘\l‘l.lt ttiltl‘tiltHlti.“  eii'rsi-ii i ii, utss.
...n'

 

 

 

 BEVERAGES .’ "

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1961

PAGE 7

 

Frosh Booters Lose 2—1 Sat.
To Finish With 2-5-1 Slate

State's Frosh soccer team rang down the curtain on
its disappointing 1961 campaign last Saturday, dropping
a 2-1 squeaker to North Adams. This defeat made the Feds
the Victims of a 2-5-1 season's record as the Frosh ran into
some of the toughest competition in the State.

According to Coach Bob Burlingamc. “State had a
well—balanced. spirited team this year which simply lacked
scoring punch. We had excellent ball control, moving up
and down the field well. but we just couldn‘t get the ball in
the net when it counted. For instance, we had 26 shots in
the North Adams game. and missed them all. 0111' only score
coming on a penalty kick. We never scored more than four
goals in a single game, and our top scorer. Joe Procopio.
had only four goals in the entire season."

Coach Burlingaine also felt that despite the record,
State had a good team this year. which was never really
outclassed. except by the always strong Frosh from Col-
gate. Hc added that. “The road treated us pretty rough.
but we were very strong at home. and only lost one of our
four games on Vets' Field."

Coach l-lurlinganic also had praise for the Frosh who
he felt had played very well for State this year. and who
are working out with the Varsity even now. He said that.
“I'd pick Al llciircksoii. Ekchard Piening‘ and .Ioe Procopio
as Varsity material. and would rank Fred Rawe and Stef
llozyddj as the two most improved players on the squad."

State's final game proved to be a real heartbrcakcr. as
North Adams tallied the winning goal as a result of a tech—
nical penalty midway through the third period The offi—
ciuls stopped play when State goalie Bill Gray took too
many steps with the ball, awarding North Adams an indi—
rect shot at the goal from only a few "ards out. John Maz-
dcii oi Norlli Adams then scored easily, pi'tsciiiiiig the win—
ners with their margin of victory.

.Ioc I’i'ocoplo tallied the only score for State iii the first
period via a penalty shot. his second of the year. The Feds
had plenty of other opportunities to score. taking 26 shots
in all, but North Adams goalie proved to be quite good at
his work of stopping every Ped shot.

Tvvo days before this, in their final home game of the
year. the Frosh battled RPI to a 2‘2 tie. Ed Wolner scored
both goals for Albany, via beautiful cross passes. State
goalie George Phillips made several fine saves, but received
an injury which forced him to leave in the latter part of
the game. Because of it. he was unable to appear against
North Adams Saturday.

State Downs Siena
In First Cross-Country
Meet 25-30

The llt‘\\'.\'l‘l't)l‘lll(‘(l State college
cross-country team won its‘ first
meet of the season 'I'uesJay aftti‘-
noon. ()ctober ill. The State run-
ners dowiud a determined Siena
Squad 25 to an ill a practice meet
on the Siena course.

I‘oni Robinson. a freshman at
State. came in first. completing
the three aiul a half mile course
in 15:51. tiihcr l’eds who placed
were as follows: l’aul llorlon ‘tlt,
who finished fourth. I\'cn .Icwett
‘l;.‘t, who copped fifth place. Hill
Bronson 'ti.:. in se\cnth place. and
Steve lloleski ‘tit in eight position.

Special rtcogmtiou should go to
Art ltrtiiicllc 'iiil. who alter being
on the State team for only four
days. ran Ill place of injured t'huck
lliiuter and almost brol-ie into the
scoring column.

Although this was an unofficial
meet it is a good indication of the
potential shown by the State team.
umhr the direction of Mr, Mun
St') for a month and they hope to
participate in several meets iii
the lltilI' tuitirc.

'i'om tobiiison. State's lilllllli.‘l'
one riinnci‘. littllx from IIlll'll‘lill.
\cw York. and |~ a "|’.'ttlll.ilt' ot
Harrison lhtih Schiol III' ran the
l-‘itt on his Iii-.h nhool ll'ttt‘lv Il‘lllli
but this was Ills iii'st p.ii'ii.ip;it
loii til it ci'osstoiiiiiiy iiii-ct

'lhc Mt‘llil team d. playd c't

ccllciil sportsmausliip and ‘.\.i~~
\cry cooptiaiiic (lillill i.|t'l till].
State [It their busy .vl'lii'iltll‘ .\t

we pv-iiu iii the race l’aiil lhoi'pc.
a Hit iia runner stopped to re direct
two Statc triuicrs who had taken
.I wrong turn. thus. cutting his own
Illlii'

Slate's ucsi meet is Noieiiihci'
El tit -i:titi p in with llttdsou \tl.lt‘_\.
'l‘hi- tl'tilll \\lII be strengthened by
the return of thiiclt Illlllti'l' and
by l'aiil Slusar who recently join
ed the lt‘ttlll. l‘aul has had pi‘e\i-
ons cross country experience.

.l-lr. .\liiiiscy also hopes to ur-
range a two and a halt llltIt‘ race

ll Siena between halvts of the
St:itc.-\deplii soccer game ’l'ues-
day. .\o\embei' l-t.

 

   
   

“All I have to do is fly to
St. Louis and back and then
I’m initiated?”

21 GREAT 'I‘OBACCOS MARE 20 WONDERFUL SMOKES!
AGED MILD, BLENDED MILD nor HLTLRED MiLo VTHEY sarisfv”

s10 s

: ...f.
v (if
 t

Iti\|\lvl ll .‘\

t

Mun—2:111
f...

I

 

'L his Week :

Bridgeport Beats State 3-1
For 2nd Straight Ped Loss

State‘s Varsity soccer team suffered its second straight
defeat of the season last Saturday, as a highly—touted
Bridgeport squad swamped the Feds 3-1. Karl Heinz Ger-
stenberger tallied the only State goal, and in doing so
tied the State record of 14 goals scored in a single season.
With two games remaining to be played this year, it ap-
pears that Mr. G. is sure to re-write this long-standing
record before his career as a State booter ends Nov. 14.

BRIDGEI’ORT I’RESSES PEDS

It was a Bridgeport ball game all the way, as the vic-
tors enjoyed nearly complete ball control and kept the
Fed defense under constant pressure. The first quarter
actually decided matters. as Bridgeport’s Ed Quigley and
Rick Sleglc each found the net to wrap things up. The
second quarter only proved to be a repeat of the first stanza,
as the winners continued to press the attack and keep
State off-balance. Quigley registered the final Bridgeport
goal of the day early in the period, as the Peel defense
tightened and prevented any further scoring.

Al Cicjka. Dave Schryci‘. and goalie Gary Penficld all
proved instrumental in beefing up the Purple & Gold
defensive efforts. Ciejka‘s sharp playing was responsible
for containing Quiglcy the rest of the game. and Pcnfield‘s
fancy goal—tending stopped more than one Bridgeport score.
Uniortmuitely. State was still unable to mount any real
ot‘l'ciii'ch threat throughout the half as Bridgeport‘s half-
backs contiuunully intercepted Ped passes.

S’I‘A'I‘IC S'I‘AUICS 3rd QUARTER RALLY

The third quarter was a different story. however, as
both teams played on fairly equal terms in a see-saw battle
which \\'itiicsr~.ctt outstanding" head play and ball control.
'l‘bings stayed that. way for most of the period. and it
wasn‘t until the final period that State was able to mount
a sustained drive. In one last desperate effort to prevent
being shut out. Gerstenberger came through with his
record-tying goal with about five minutes remaining in
the game.

’l‘Wt) GAMES RliillAlNlNG

The I’eds have two games remaining in their season
against a pair of tough competitors. Montclair and Adelphi.
This Saturday marks the final game of the year on Vets’
Field, as the Feds take on Montclair in a Parents’ Day
special. The final battle of the '61 wars will not be waged
until Nov. 14 as the Feds face Adelphi under the lights of
wind-swept Bleeckcr Stadium.

Monday Meeting S/atea’
To Kick Off Vo//eyba//

By Nancy Scliogoleff
.\'le\I'l‘ tl'lilih’

At the next meeting of W. A. A.
I b iwhnzt. swimming and basketball
Miss iluxley would like all the will be tlistussed. l f you are iii-
sports captains to turn in thcir tcrestcd in any of these sports be
general rosltr rllt't‘th as soon as sure and see your W. A. A. repre-
pissible. which means before ’l‘ues- sentaiive after the meeting. The
.i y sw'iiiiining could prove to be in

tert-siing. so watch for notices.
O
.

\'olle_vball will be the next big

'l‘iiesday. For the captains or team

representaiives vvolleyball will

start Monday at 4:00 p. m. with a

meeting This meeting is compul-

sory If the team captains cannot

t‘orncr ()N'I‘ARIO and BENSON attend. the dorm representative or

\illllt'tillt' to represent tiltI lt‘Ztlll

 and must be there .\'ow. some added

 i‘enis on \olleyball. There will

b- tournaments iie.\t 'l‘uesday and

'hui'sthiy iii-this in Page llall gym

There will be iliree games a night

beginning at 7:130 [Cach game will

be iol'l) minutes long

\our meeting Monday at »t:tJUl

llezir sports minth d

 

DIAL 1—1125

(‘ollege Florist for Years

 

 

 

JUST IN (‘ASI‘I YOU DIDN’T KNOW IT . . .

ART KAPNER

Writes All Types of Insurance

LIFE — AUTO -— FIRE

Hospitalization

HO 5-1471 75 State Street HO 2—5581

 

 

 

 

 

