 

  

PAGE I

Potter Downs RPI Intermural Champs
Shutting Out LXA By 15 -O Margin

Last Sunday, Potter Club, our AMIA Intramural champs, tripped up a big, rough
playing LXA squad 15-0. The intramural football champs from Rensselaei' could not put
up a sustained drive against the hard nosed, ball-hawking Pottei' defenswe unit and were
thwarted in their attempt to hit the scoring column. Meanwhile the Potter offense, led
by quarterback Mike Camarata hit for two touchdowns on a pass play to Danny DAn-
gelico and a 7 yard run by Mike himself. The other two Potter pomts were gained on a
safety when Dick Stewart nailed LXA’s quarterback in the end zone. The Engineers com-
pleted a better percentage of passes, 14 of 31 attempts to 9 0f 26 for EEP, but these were
short quickies that only gained short yardage. They were unable to connect on the big
long ones that worked so well for the statesmen.

LXA Starts Well .

The men from across the river started off with a flash, rattling off a series of quick
passes that carried them to within 
10 yards of the goal line. It ap-
peared as if they were going to
have no trouble scoring, but the
Pottermen stiffened and were able
to stay even for the remainder of
the first quarter.

Steward Gets EEP First Score
Again neither team took the
initiative until Camarata hit D‘-
Angelico with a beautiful pass
which took them to the one foot
line. LXA put up a brick wall. how-
ever. and three downs later the
ball was theirs and they seemed to
be on their way out of trouble.
That is until Dick Stewart. who
played a great defensive game.
crashed through to ciit down the
LXA ballcarrier in the end zone
and thereby register 2 points for
his team. [further Potter scoring
was prevented as Mikas of the vi-
sitors intercepted two passes.

 

l’otter quarterback. Mike Camarata gets off pass an in-
stant before beingr tagged by LXA defender.
*1

WAA Schedules E . ,. . .
()liver lwmiley says. ‘No
titer where vour heart is . . .

Vol/eyba/l Leagues; "” '

support ('amptis t‘hest."
Nominates Officers

By Nancy Schegoleff

 

Potter Scores Twice More

The third quarter saw no scor-
ing action as each team traded
interceptions with Spicci, Moore,
and Recesso performing the thefts
for EEP. Several long high punts
by booter Chuck Recesso helped
Potter stay out of danger.

LXA started

I¥

VOLLEYBALL SCHEDULE

' th*
to move iii t Tuesday League:

fourth quarter as their end, Manch, 11/7 11/” 11/2, 11/28 11/5
made two good pass catches, but 3.4 1.7 3.5 1.3 4.5
{altered as they neared pay dirt. 1-2 2-8 4-6 2—7
Potter took over and within a few 3'6 7‘8 5'0
minutes scored on a Camarata Thursday League:
pass that D'Angelico grabbed and 11/9 11/“; "/30 12/7
carried into the end zone. Mike 9-10 til-lti 1516 111-16
took the ball over from his quar- III-IL:   
[abut-k pummn my “w mum HSIH' \oitr volleyball captain for
point. ~ . I I

the number of your team.

The fraternity men from RM

W. A. A. Meeting:

Nominations were held for nest
year's officers last \l'edncsday.
They will be posted on the WA A.
bulletin board for one week for
any additions or declinations. An
eligibility list will (list) he posted.
quarter. The score now stood till it anyone whose name is not on
and remained this way tip to tile the list thinks that it slltilllll be,
final whistle. she should contact .\lls~ lluxley.

again got their hands on the ball.
but two bad hikes by center
()Wens‘ pttt them back on their 20
yard line and gave l'otter the ball.
Again it took otin a few plays and
Camarata galloped around right
end for the second score of the

On

 

COSTUME JEWELRY

50% Off

 

l..\'\ receiver avttiits pass as I'JI‘J’ iteii-nuci times in for

tiit‘.

 

 

FRIDAY, Nov. i7, 196]
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 22, 796]

Absolutely No REFUND or EXCHANGES

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1961

Touching All
Bases

By DAVE JINKS _

ALL RIGHT, WHO’S THE WISE GUY!!!

So, I‘m a liar, so I said that Potter wasn’t going to play
the RPI Intramural champs, and they did. Please forgive
me, but I was double crossed by our friends across the
river. They had said that they weren’t going to play be-
cause of the difference in league rules which I mentioned
in last week‘s column, but Thursday night they called, too
late to put it in the paper, and said that they were willing
to play it our way. They may have changed their minds
when they found out Sunday that our Pottermen weren t
the patsies that they may have thought them to be. Our
brief analysis of the game is this: LXA had the Size (their
two guards both went about 6’3” or 4” and weighed about
240 pounds apiece)——Potter had the guts and spirit. The
LXA offense was not sharp, especially on the long pass—
EEP has State's “Mr. Quarterback” Mike Camarata who
can't be beat as far as finding receivers and tossing the
long ball goes. The result—Potter, the victor 15-0.

We do appreciate the fact that LXA gave in on just
about every ruling conflict, and we realize that this was
quite a disadvantage. It was great to see them beaten, but
we hope to see them, or whoever takes the RPI Intramural
League Title next year, back again. This game could be-
come one of the better athletic traditions at State.

JENKS’ JUNK

Who said that our Varsity Soccer team is a team that
can come from behind in the last half—they have scored
25 of their 39 goals for the season after the start of the
second half and 15 of these 25 in the last quarter. . . . We
would like to suggest a new addition as a varsity sport—
pushball~2 straight minutes of this is more tiring than a
whole game of most other sports. . . . By the way who were
those guys who did such a tremendous Job of offic1ating
tthe EEP-LXA game???

Co-op

 

ALE

All Costume Jewelry

ONLY

Thanksgiving
Day

November 23, 1961

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1961

PAGE 1

 

Boaters Top Adelphi To Record8-2 Season;
Red Harriers Trounce Siena For 3rd Victory

 

Robinson Wins Race in 74:20 Gerstenberger Blasts 16th Goal of Year

As Albany ”L|QU|D"ates Adelphi 1-0;
Team May Participate in NAIA Tourney

The State Varsity soccer team ended its regular season in victorious style by de-

As State Takes lst 3 P/aces

The State College cross—coiti’iti‘y team completed its
first season of competition with an unblemished 3-0 record.
The Pod harricrs' made it three in a row as they downed
Siena 19—42. last Tuesday night under the lights at Illcecker
Stadium.

State swept eight of the first teii places with Tor.
Robinson leading the field Tom finished the 2.6 tnile
course in 14:20. State runners. Ken Jewett and Patti Horan
tied for second place with a 14:44 mark. Iii fourth place
was Mike Winter from Siena. and Patti 'I‘horpe. his team—
mate came in fifth. State took the next five places as
follows: Bill Bronson. sixth; Patti Sltisar. seventh: Steve
Doleski, eighth; Art trunelle. ninth; and Chtick Hunter.
tenth.

In the preceeding meet State chalked tip an impressive
18-39 victory over Hudson Valley. This wide margin of
victory was quite surprising as State was without the
services of Tom Robinson. State copped the first four
places to provide otir main scoring punch.

Patti Horan did an execllent job as he took first place
with a brisk time of 14:15. 11111 Bronson nailed down
second place covering the 3.!) mile course in 14:41. In
third position was Ken .lewett iii 15:10. and hot on his
heels was Paul Sltisar with it 15:13 mark. Steve Doleski
and Chuck Hunter also scored for State as they finished
eighth and ninth respectively. Art tlrimclle missed by one
as he finished eleventh.

Mr. Mttnsey. mentor for the State squad. was very
pleased with the team‘s perfori.iance this season and is
very optimistic about next year. The team appears to
have a bright future with all its men returning next year.
Mr. Mtiiiscy feels that the most. improved runner on the
team is Bill Bronson, Steve Doleski and Paul Stttsar also
have come a long way. He would also like to commend
Ken Jewett who acted as a stabilizing influence to the
rest of the squad.

Mr. Munsey would like to encourage anyone interested
in running cross-"ountry next year to come to a meeting
being held in Mt. Hathaway‘s office in Page Hall. The
meeting will start at 1:00 pm. on Friday, November 17.

t'catiiig Adelphi College, 1-().

Karl Heinz Get stenberger accounted for this goal, making

his season total 16; this total is now in the record books as the record for the most goals
scored in a season. There is a chance that our Peds will be playing in the post-season
tournament sponsored by the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics. However
as the paper goes to the press nothing definite has been said. ’

This game was played under adverse conditions.

Blecckcr Stadium 21 mass of

 

Sophs Cop Two
Pushbal/ Points

\l'ith
Slate's Sopiiotiiore
the tiital athletic event of linalry
tilllsllti\lll‘..i the

their backs to the wall.

nicii copped
last Saturday.
l"|'tisll lit) 1.3 in a grueling piislihall
l“lt'ltl.

start it

contest on \cts'
From the was obvious
that the Sophs held one hi: :id
\aiitage ti\l't‘ the lit 1 ‘lll
lloth teams found it hard driving
on the around. so the taller .‘s'ophs'
took to the airways. literally pttslb
mt: the ball out their opponeiits’

l"|'l|sll

heads.

The Sophs drew blood first, but
the men of “tin stayed close at
their heels. and it was not until the
opening minutes of the final period
that they v ere able to break the
game open with three quick goals.
Superior tackling also proved to be
a big factor in the Sophomore \‘ic-
lory.

ln Winning the Sophs raised their
point total from one to three.

 

 

 

“I think Professor Armitage will agree
with me that our administrative staff
is of the highest caliber!"

 SI FLIC

 

 
     

 - ’2  .
"l lit‘Sll‘llll 
.ﬂi‘zﬁcl

(it‘ii. up iii s

E"! i “v. i L

 

21 GREAT TOBACCOS MAKE 20 WONDERFUL SMOKES!
AGtt) MILD, BLLNDED Mtio not titttato MILD—~1HLY SATISFY

 

 

The constant rain had made
mud. The only dry land on the field was in the extreme
corners. The center of the field was a mixture of water,
mud. and clay. Accurate and sharp passing was next to
impossible.

State Dominates Play

Adelphi tried to take an early offensive but, after our
colorbctit‘ct's warmed up. it was evident that State was go-
ing to control the play throughout the game. Almost the
entire quarter's play was centered in the Adelphi half of
the field. Due to the slippery ball and excellent playing by
the Adelphi goalie. there were no opportunities for us to
5(‘(ll'(‘.

The second and third quarters proved no different than
the first. The Adelphi goalie blocked all our attempts to
score and his passes to his teammates provided a break in
our relentless attack. Gary Penfield. although only threat—
ening sporadically. kept the attack tip with his long and
accurate kicks to our halfbacks at midfield.

“inning l’oint Scored

The fourth quarter provided the only real action of the
game. As time was slowly rttnning out. the scoring attacks
of both teams became more and more pressed. About mid-
way through the period. Dave Schrycr took a shot that
brought the crowd to its feet. However it was too high
and a valiant attempt by Karl to head it into the goal
failed. Later. Dave took another shot that deflected off
the goalie but set tip Karl with a clear shot at the goal;
he scored the only and winning goal of the game. Our de-
fense prevented Adelphi from even coming close to our
goal for the remainder of the game.

>r a: a
this game. Dave Schryer. Erwin

  Sieinon. and Karl kept the Adel-
Madison-Lake  “""p'"$033335. “’55.?
Lead in Bow/mg

llrooinfield forced Adelphi to make
l’ollcl' swept iottt‘

mistakes whenever they tried to
\i‘aterhury 1 last 'lucs'day at
Sphmpﬁc “(m-tum Amtimny 1,, and for their 8-2 record they should
maintain its hold on first place in he
the Scratch League. (inly one game
hcliitid l’ottcr in second place is
.\ladisonl.ake, which swept four
points lroni 'l‘.\’(). l’otter has an
iiiihletiiislied record of tilt) while
Madison Lake has it it record.
\l'aterliui'y 13. iii third place with
It .r) ll l'l't'til'tl, look litilll' points from
SIS. while the (‘oiiiinutcrs took
three ottt of four points front last
year‘s champs. lx'll 'I'lie t'omniu-
tci's and Kit are tied for fourth

There were many standouts in

scoring

_ , organize a scoring attack.
points~ ironi , .
Nonetheless it was a team effort
possible.

praised as high as

They scored an average of 3.9
goals a game compared to an av-
erage of 11 against them.
’l‘ouriiey Possible

State. because of their out»
standing soccer team, may be lit-
\‘ileti to play in a post-season tout“
iiatncnt 'l‘his tournament will be

week and

place \\lllt t-l records. \l'aterhtiry
l is lll sl\lll place with a 135 record,
SIS is in the seieiith position with
a t f and 'l‘.\'ti is last with
an oil record

time lllil't'llt‘l' 't‘ijl hit high single
last Tuesday with a 1317. while .-\I
salio had liti'li triple with hilt)
s'aho also had st‘t'tilltl high single
with L‘tiil

slate.

flick Sauers says:

“Your heart is in your
chest . . ."

Support (‘ampus Chest

 

Gerald lirtig (‘0.

2” Western Aw Albany. N. Y.

Phone ii 3H“)

played \\tlillll the next
will include the best teams of the
entire northeast of the country. It
will he anti climactic to the excel-
lent season we li;i\e had

 

AMIA Notices

'l'lns l-‘i‘iday. iii l’aye llall. there
\till he a lllt't'lltlj.‘ ot all l"tiolliilll
t‘oinniissioncrs and t'aptaitis. ’t'he
tiiccttng is scheduled for tztio p. in.
.\lso, same litllt'. same place. there
“ill be a meeting of all basketball
captains with complete rosters.

 

TOM’S BARBER SHOP

x7 ROBIN STREET
(‘oriier of liobin and West
:55) YEARS til" ICXPl'lltlENCE

 

 

