 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, I“

PAGE 2

EBRUARY 2, 1962

w...—

 

Sick, Sick, Sick

With the second semester underway illness is not a
very pleasant topic with which to concern ourselves; but
whether we like it or not, it surrounds us. The sad part
about possessing some of the current diseases is the fact
that they are not likely ta remain our own for long. It
certainly should be evident ‘hat State College needs an
infirmary.

If one becomes ill in a dormitory or group house, his
only recourse is to visit the school medical office for treat-
ment, except in serious cases when a doctor is asked to
visit the student. Though every attempt is made in a
dormitory to aid a student suffering from an illness, dorm-
itory life is hardly conducive to convalescing. Very little
wonsideration can be given to provide a special and appetiz-
ing diet for a sick person. and often the usual noise and
clamor of group living proves trying when one attempts
to gain extra rest needed for recovery. Crowded living
quarters also contribute to the spread of any current
epidemic, and students left by themselves to treat their
ailments are often guilty of total neglect,

Focus
on Faculty

By BEVERLY [IOESTERY

“i like to teach swimming, soft-
ball, and tennis, but I like to teach
people best." Miss Marion Iiuxiey.
a member of the physical educa-
tion department. and an adviser to
WAA, often conveys this feeling to
her students.

Miss lrluxlcy's teaching career
did not begin in 1959 when she first
came to State. She began teaching
at a Texas high school. after com-
pleting undergraduate study at
The University of Texas. She re-
ceived her MS. degree at Louisi-
ana State University where she
taught for two years. She then
went on to teach at Arkansas State
University and (‘orpus (‘hristi Uni
versity.

in tiie three years she has spent
here, Miss liiixley has seen an im~

 

 

Most substantial colleges and universities have in- p

rirmaries where special care. can be given to those who are participation in our

ill. Surely a college with an enrollment the size of ours
could make provisions for such a service. The new campus
provides an infirmary, and we are glad to see that the s,
planners have realized such a need, but what are we to do i
in the meantime? A problem of adequate and proper i

roveineni in the percentage of

intramural
program
Miss lluxley adds a likeabie per- -— ~___W_m_,_,__,__ _
onaiity to her teaching, admits

hat procrastination could he her
avorite hobby, and suggests that

facilities is a serious one, but a small sacrifice for health she 15 mi a typical pm, She en.

standards is certainly better than sacrificing the health of
the entire student body.
A. E. l).

murals

to music,

 

 

 

 

.l~.-“»~....Mw._ .....,...... 

llumph! An Absurd (lid Statue!

 

_,._. #—
" _'. ‘.— — ____._—-
.. —-~ ___———

-__.____——-———

eamon- Idea

 

 

 

 

 

 

"(trades really don't mean anything; it is what you are
learning tiiat is important "’State it‘acuity.

toys sitting and talking with her A (ioon ’I‘IMIC was "All
students, sometimes over a cup of
“"“co' The discussion might range have both been well freouented.
[mm m“ pre‘viws night's mm“ found it possible to get their minds back on studying, textbooks, etc.
pm’mgmphy' Maybe warnings came out in the middle of the semester, but from the

it seems of late that the student union snack bar atid game room
it could be that no one has as yet

"that [Wt-{h MSW” course or the sound of the quality-point averages at the end of the semester there

Commercial

“biggt‘Si” Slaw 1,” “‘9‘ Union—‘lcxf “'“I't‘ (little a few warning grades giVen as final marks, too,
as. But she admits With some he!“-

tation that Texas is not the best BEHIND THE SCENIC

And now we pause for a brief message from our spon— place

sors . . . Editors and reporters of all talents and interests
come, stay briefly and pass away only to be remembered

regularly for the last forty-six years. The existence of
the News depends upon the voluntary assistance of stu—
dents. In this first issue oi' the semester we are asking
for your support.

What are the advantages of our product? Of course
there is the oft-stated satisfaction of doing “good works.”
Another advantage is "on the job training." No experi-
ence is needed. All we require is an interest in journalism
and the will to work. As you probably know, many young
teachers are asked to “advise” their high school paper.
Having had training in journalism is an ltid in the honored
art of Job-finding,

If you would like to help us with the News, please
come to the i’ubti 'ation Office in Brubacher on Tuesday
and or Wednesday night, Members of the staff will be
only too glad to show you how the newspaper is put to-
gether. Rci'nei'nbei'. the News needs YOU!

ii. I’. W.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY i916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

i r r - ., iM>A—i7
\oi. XLH i'l'ill'ilul')’ 2. lilo: No. 30

The ~ll.‘ll,’iiil'i: ~- A n ;i.ipiv i' .‘i in-
il’iilii..'il‘ti czciy i'l 11 of ‘m- i'.,.,o .i‘,li
Anmi» .n'niii

.igi- iii i‘ili‘lt'h'illil Mt AillMly,

".i.ciil'v ('.
n- Mai lto.iiit toi iiil‘ Hliidciit

ig..

\l \\ \ lit) \IHI

li"iil'\ i-\ i"ii.i iii l-,iii lIilt i*i ('iiiliii“

  
 
 
 
 

 

 

\I. ii i it.‘»i lit \‘ill F.) l-,: 'oi i. ('liti-i
MAit‘i' iti‘ ii ;i '-'.i '\h ‘.i . . ii...v i‘.liii()l’
ANTH'. lit li\'i iv: lil‘ initlliii
iiIiiti'i ‘.l’lliitii ‘\ Viillt
LINDA l‘ Willil A oilii I'
li.".l(ii:\lt\ tl‘ili . ...t A . o Lire "  ’
AhNi'. hMlill I' o. itc i'ion.
i.i.’\ii.‘i l'.i lilJ'i' l'. . i 'iii.ii'l i:..', .
SI‘AANNI: l'iiiIi t i i 'o. ixi iiitii’l‘ l~,iiitiir
Kiliti‘li‘ .‘it‘ill i‘i‘.i".'. \. ‘i iii . i‘ ‘iil i..\ ‘ v inititor
‘. i‘lilliiir

 

ill“. Vin ll f‘ii‘ln
i'liut Uni .. p

up
' t i' i‘ '.»i t' .i t ‘.i- in vine
ili'iﬁl‘: i‘.iliiIIii.«,

l/r ii iii Jil|l Wit-clef

iti‘ll‘tlit i itié.) it i ll . i 3.1.: l, .i i . .‘\i 1,: .(i |-'. iii lay-i is. “Li
i-i ‘ i’ i. l ' t’

At. i'lil :ii .i in' om 'i. i ... to  ii ». vi to we -- i 'il in. .ii .:.i no signed Nanim

wlil hi1 ‘WI' don't we ""l t' ‘-' i-‘vc iv‘i 'il'iu' (Tilliiiivliiv. Ill-Ha; o-ii iilil ., iii) l‘chmimiiiiﬂtv

{m- ,,p;i,,i,i.s iz.,iii . it: ill t i 'i o: Uiiiiii ii.ii ILA/n. no not it explorations do not.

HPAC~)¢Ibllir it'll .i it. .i.

W ‘

to gather the cypress knees

which
ishcs into beautiful lamps and cof-

Sh“ “Ullsv Sandsv and Ill" weekend has been done in the background.

To date, all the work that has been done on the forthcoming Junior
The "informal" party is

under control . . . we should have enough pretzels to feed four thousand

on yellowed mastheadsy but the News has been published fee tables. These she. hip; leit‘c’l' people. The Prom on Saturday night, “The Green tircm‘iin Stomp,"
Cd irtml the detth 1“ Joumdndv Will be iieid at the Inn ’iowne Motor Hotel and music is going to be by

where the summers are much too
long and hot.

Miss Huxley likes the East, es-
pecially its variety of seasons and
its variety of trees. As she puts it,

"it‘s party!" She also enjoys
reading, music, and obviously.

teaching. Physical education, 'l‘ex-
as, Miss ilusiey, and her students,
are almost inseparable.

NEWS To Hold
A Cartoon Contest

Fame and acclaim beckon to all
State (‘oiicge students. You see,
We of the State t‘oiicge News are
having a contest! There will be
no grand cash award, paid vaca
mm or oil well in Texas for a prize,
but the Winner Will Win it square
inches of news space per week

We shall now explain all of this
muddle (liir t"li'ltitllllSi, iliiiiny
Schult/. is now student teaching
and \H' are in need of ii new talent
‘l'hcrci'orc. wi- are going to enable
all students to demonstrate their
abilities The Winner of this con
test will provide ilie News with
iiuinorus little tidbits each week
iiiilii Mr Schultz returns again

All students arc encouraged to
submit entries to this contest The
deadline for these entries is Wed
llt'stlit), February "i at It p in 'i'iiey
are to be done in india ink and
measure It: by -i inches Witii the

coiitcstiiiil's iiiiinc. address, and
phone number included Willi tiic
entry. i’icasc piucc these entries

ill Anne iliitziin’s student lllilli box.

Standards for Judging the car
tnoiis Will include iiumor, artistic
talent. and topical qualities

 

I" I
I-lditor’s Note:

i"oi‘ lili' iii-st twu \H't‘ks each of
the associate edittrs of tiic News
Will be given an opportunity. as
provided in the News constituion.

to edit an issue of the. paper. The
editorin-ciiief extends her best
wishes to them both.

I J

 

So far we have purchased one thousand dollars worth of
iluddy Morrow records. To top off the weekend. on Sunday afternoon a
Jazz (‘oncert will be held . . . it is being given by two harpisis. a
iniisicai saw player, and a kazoo-ist.

a lake box.

COME MARCH

We‘re so glad that tour sorority weekends are at the end of this
March. Maybe by then Residence Council might have a meeting to
decide on hours lloes Residence t‘ouncii reside in the state of l’rocras-

tination'.‘ The March iiion will go out like a Lamb at one o'clock.

IlAZl-ZY DATES

Again it looks like the planners of tile Still calendar have come
up with some whopping conflicts for [lie coining semester, (in the
ttlth and i'ltii of it‘cbruary we have two nice, big away basketball games

. . not too bad, since the lith is only inauguration Day and the

Inaugural llall. tin the 2-011 it seems we have a home basketball gainr

oi course, the only conflict here is tiic .lunior i’roin.

l’ei'lizips we are mistaken, lnit rumor has it that the t‘ortland ilas
ki-tbiiii 'i'oui‘naincnt is scheduled for the same weekend as our iillllti‘
raising State i"iiir
If E It} It If It: [‘3 I'I I“. It I'Z

It seems so unbelievable to us that sit iniiny ol our close friends
had to leave school because oi iiczidcinic trouble. we believe that a
sititit'lll siltllllti strive as hard as he can, but, in seeing the unhappiness
around us we do not support the rigidin of this semester's academic
achievement program l'lach person here l\ till individual with in
dividual problems and needs. 'l'iicrel'ore, we suggest it policy whereby
the adiniiiistriition would set a path of standards :it the end of which
lies not a closed door, but friendly counseling

'.’ ill" 'I‘lll'I WI'II'IK

time you been one of the iiick\ i

., I

I siLIlii'cs'

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. it‘l'lllltl'ARY ‘J
too l' M Dr Ralph i.iipp. "The New i"ori-e‘ Page
7.00 and ‘.l 13 l’ M lit'ti i"ilin "iiigii 'i'iinc" liilritl
it 00 i' M (lamina Kappa l’lii ilulc i’arly, l|.i|i.in Ilcncvoiciit Society
H:ti0 l’ M l’iii ilcltii ilnte i'itl'i) t'ni'inen's

SA'l‘l‘RIMY, FEBRUARY it

0:00 l'M Waterbury lizilc l’arty
Basketball: l’otsdiiin IAi
1002 informal l'arly

 

9200 i’ M,

Sl‘NllAY, FEBRUARY i
7:15) i‘ Ill. (‘lianning t‘luli Meeting
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7
8:15 PM. Basketball: ()iieonta tiii
8:15 PM. ileveridge Webster, i’ianist

THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 8
Still BRIDGE

Page

 

wm'ww‘i'     ""i'"*‘E"E'té"¢sl;:r.:   » .. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

1
STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1962 PAGE 3
' .'
. , Biological SOCIefy If G Presents
l . . . . .
Jade 04% A Ch ' ' communications
... . PPFOVGS 0P er Film Schedule
4 r 1 Last December at the Biennial The International Film Group TolnthfheEdgm-z b , t .
ﬂ 7 ' convention of'the ‘Beta Beta Beta presents its selection of films sche- of in St tecgnl‘l er ﬁvmth 155'“.
A11 501‘01‘113’ and fraternity presi- list. of freshman pit-dues appearin‘ Bmloglcal some” m Denver‘ COIO' (med fur Showing this mom '  a e 0 age ew's'a brmf
'.' dents or reporters are requested to in the paper. c ' L rado, approval was voted for the The time amt place of tiiese films gruff, appeared advertlsmg mt“
‘ ( glam, newslfor HOUSE “owls in Sigma Phi Sigma establishment of a local chapter. will be posted at a later date  bﬁ-thélliginvitirid Youth'Fiisillv
. nne Dugan 3 student mail box by President. .iudv Kaminsky '62 Isms WI” he the Theta Gamma F0” 2 ‘— High Time inski F' l d O'l‘h‘summer m e.
i a Z p.in. (fach Tuesday. if this pro- announces that lEllen Jacobs and (hapler at State COUOE’C- IHlCTCSi- Fﬁ‘ll- 3 - Brink of Life to th" N“ an  ls reifase’ sent
t'Qdure is not followed, your news Linda Kaufman were omitted {1:011} 0d Simlems 30'“ the 00110140 BMW F0). 9 — Tho GCZCDO Festi‘val  yttt'he tI'jnidcdh Sté‘l‘t'es
. « Iyiiilnot appear in this coiuinn on the sorority pledge “Sp Mrs. KOU_ BY (Jul) applied {01' the Chapter- Fella 1‘5 - Dark RiVC‘l‘ American deiggaiibns if; thte ali‘es‘iin
. “(EW- vci was also initiated as an hon- .Beta Beta Beta is a national 50' lien 17 “ umber“) D' val prepared to pregem a we“:
Gamma Kappa Phi Iii‘?‘_l'.V’ member of the sorority (“fly for Students of “"3 biOI‘)i-’.lcal PM" 23 M LOW Mr W 1’02"," Me r0 U n d e d “mural . Program l5
. . Vice-Plug, l. t ‘ H pm “gnu seiences .WillCil encourages schol- sought." The address of the United
I announcmeiihiﬂ , Llltl‘cg VSinoyer o2, l’resident. Sally Jones '02, an. arty attainment. Membership is re “HIGH TIME" States Festival ('ommittee in New
hold u (We um V In. V‘sloroiity Willi iioiiiit'cS'iilal i'l date party will be Stimuli" “idem-5 With superior York City was given for students
" ill Ult‘ l‘lillizitt liciiiiri'iiiiiiitl[Sniff-1'2 29],“ f‘might from 8.12 a, (turmpnvs academic records and who indicate TONITE in l'llorcsm‘l i" "malnhll “'rlh” i"
I V Rum Sim,“ Hm“ .\"‘.lq.)otittyi. .Il],)lllil-.i\iphil I. I *l’CFIBI 'aPULUdCV .IOT b10l0til'- Thf‘ D-349 at 7:00 - 9:15 mrmmmn‘
Anele ltenzi were oniiited  n am , maiden" DWI” mum.“ '62' society 15 ‘3" .amhate 0f the Ame“ —— it What this release d'd no‘ me”
. ' ,., . om the announces that the sorority will “an ASSOCIalmn if“ the Advanw' BIM‘ (' \‘m 1 —‘ ' “on is “2” {am lhal the unite
iiold a coffee hour for Alpha [it Iilent of Science A 'lpijiigﬁBY - E‘ABIAA Slates FCSUVHi ('Ommilleo 1“ 3”
, Alpha Monday evening Plans for installation of the new ' (‘ill AY WELD Organization wppuncu by the com
. l N ‘ Sigma Lambda Sigma chapter for sometime in March are M A MAURY mm“ Party and “1'me worm
Otlce Dave Smyuia ‘02, President. an- under way: Someuof the charter Yl'mh Fosuv'a] is at communl‘
. . A“ “ms? Smdvms Mm Wish m ililili‘i’ui‘t‘iilsmtztiiijmtin,”filiitlgrilitywhas members will attend the District Fla-"mid and financed 3m” “m”
' put up admmmal WNW fur MW or” Awmw Tm. mm“. “I.” to. convention April 6-7 at Ilai-twick PRIMER fit Indoctrinating young people from
“(ms may {in m pmvminu Hm! I”) “W”; i ii. iii is (0110,10. (momma. whom the Alpha gﬂrNF all ovei- the "wo'ld' Willi Sovuo
. v theykuse standard poster paper and . I “I” 2" (‘hamm‘ Win “M as hams l I ‘ i)‘mpagztltnmI Hip h S, JI‘CSHWI
mas m” I ) V H  _ m  . t H , oiniiii ec is '.lx‘ .inci'icaii fir
campu:(iiiiiiiiimiiiii Itiniliiliiiiii lfrimi iNoiiAii BICRGMAN'S “mum " “"“W‘m “"“‘ "l “"' ""“M‘Um‘f
this oni '  ' . v (i "I DRINK OF LIFE WANTED a PM. l’I‘cimmteri' (‘mmmtlcc which e
. y app ltS to Hit pun-is lll . ‘
the election period cassics rum FESTIVAL ACTING (‘ARTOONIST “'1 mm' WWW”! h}. “‘10 worm
lflll‘asici‘s are not put up i tlic WINNER JN 1959 T0 REPLACE REGULAR iiiiiiklr‘im‘imt L! tl')mnlmil'mm Xingu.”
met tilt prescribed b can \ FOR EIGHT WEEKS I H (l n cmd mm “H,” 0 it“)
1(‘Ulltllil'llSSi0ll, liley will ii- re il'i Saturdagymfibgl3 '  SALARY: NONE i 371 Hamilton St.   (inmmumi'
~ r )y 115 mm . ‘ ” ' I j
— A p "— The article. of course, inentioizs
‘ i _ ___ __ nothing of this it merely describe
I the gathering as an opportunity
for young people to take part in
‘ "meetings. mass demonstration.
‘ , cultural presentations, and sports
events " Naturally, the Festival
‘ ' planners hope that young Ame-.i
cans who are non-t‘mnmunists w ‘l
‘ ' attend the gathering expecting a
. ' delightful ten days of fun. games,
and stiiiiuiating discussion wizh
youth from other countries. They

hope that these American delegates
will not be aware of the real pur
poses of the meeting. a session of
mass Communist indoctrination.
and that they will not be armed
with information for countering the
(‘ommunists’ intentions. Surely the
Soviets are not going to slieii out
nearly $100,000,000 (a rough esti
mate) for a carefree Festival of
sports and culture.

The last Communist Youth i’cs~
tivai was held in Vienna in the
summer of 1059. You may rc~
member that the Vienna meeting
was somewhat of a disaster tor the
('oinmuuists because of the lack of
support from the Austrian people
and the presence of many iltlil'i‘tilll
inunisl delegates from American
and other countries.

1 want to emphasize that the
staff of the News obviously il.l|i
no way of knowing the sourci- of
the release or that its coii'cnts
were not the li‘lliil of the inat'cr
However, it is important to non;
that a (‘oininunist supported organ
ization has successfully ilti\'t‘l'li>~t'tl
a false picture of the li])t't)lltiilt
Festival in the college iiew.s'p.ipi-'~
without anyone I'l‘iliillilL' it.

My source of information on th
l"i‘Sli\'lii is the independent ill
search Service. an organization d=
voted to providing information to
those sliuiciits who wish to attend
the Festival and to encourage
young people to attend who are
politically aware and intellectually
acute enough to go as indiiiduals,
not as representatives of any «,ft‘.‘
iini student group This oreii.ii
ziitioii is also interested in provid»

tit'it‘;{tllt’s with the

 p . . I  '   _; ing American
, , .. . . straight iacts on basic problems in
A . I I the  S t‘ertainly it would be
'1. h  u f I  I c  line if some students lroni Albany

State attended this i“csll\£li next
summer, but they should undet-
Up front is [FILTER-BLEij and only Winston has it! mm mm mm “mm W “H
Rich, golden tobaccos specially selected and specially
processed for full flavor in filter smoking.

such l“t‘Sil\'2llS in the past. is plan-
‘Is’l‘otniiioi'o Wlniiloi Salem N ('

 

iicd as nothing more than .i propa-
ganda display for thc t‘oniuninist
ino\’ciitcill.
Sincerely yours.
Ross lluini, '03.

Herbert, The Pigeon
is Coming l

 

 

It i “I'i

     

 

 

 

