 

PAGE I

Spinning the
Sports Wheel

by Bill Colgan

Wondering what you’re going to do this weekend?
Well, after participating in the usual Friday night
extra—curricular activities, why not make the big ef-
fort and try extracting yourselves from bed for to-
morrow’s guaranteed-tremendous soccer game be-
tween State and Geneseo? Stands have been provided
for those who will find standing difficult.

We have only one little reason for making this
plug — tomorrow just happens to be our varsity soc—
cer team’s home opener. So, if you happen to be in
the neighborhood, or something like that, dropin. The

door is always open.
The Man Who Dated

Now, we would like to relate a tale of woe and
courage. Hardly two weeks ago, a cherry, care—free
frosh came to the News, all eagerto write sports. He
was promptly assigned to cover cross—country, and he
innocently went off to interview Coach Munsey. Little
did he know.

Well he made his interview and penned his story,
but then. Alas, he made the fatal blunder of return-
ing to the scene of the interview. Mr. Munsey greeted
him with a cherry, “Hi there, Mr. Manager and Pub—
licity Director.” Needless to say our hero was
slightly mystified until the coach explained that the
team needed a managerand publicity director, and
that our frosh had volunteered. End of story. Well
not quite. In reward for “volunteering”, Mr. Munsey
bought him not one, but two cups of coffee. So frosh
beware, unless of course you’re especially fond of

ava.

State Students Are
Offered A Choice

Of Sporting Gear

With the advent of fall the Ath-
letic Equipment Pool again offers
a wide range of sports equipment
for any student at State College.

This equipment has been widely
used in the past and will be avail—
able this year in abundance. The
variety of equipment available is
such that it is worth mentioning
here.

English Bicycles

Probably the most widely used
pieces ofequipmentare the English
touring bicycles that were pur-
chased in small quantity five years
ago and have been increased ever
Since then. These bikes are well
built, expensive and cheap on gas.
Any State student can sign themout
for a full day.

Tennis Racquets

For the tennis enthusiasts there
are large numbers of Cortland
Tennis Racquets ranging from the
light weights for the girls to the
medium and heavy weights for the
men. Tennis balls are also avail-
able in large quantities.

Other Equipment

The equipment pool also offers
a wide range ofother sports equip—
ment such as golf clubs and bags,
softball equipment, archery sets
and tents, and a small amount of
track equipment.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5. 1962

 

Freshmen Soccer Team Set

To Kickoff 1962 Season

Wednesday marked the opening
of the freshman soccer season —-
a season which may be filled with
victory or defeat. The first game
will show to some extent just how
much the pre-season practice paid
off.

As with any freshman team,
this team will naturally be ham—
pered by a lack of smoothness
among the players. as none ofthem
have played together before this
year. What they lack in natural
cohesion will have to be made up
in hustle and spirit: if any kind of
teamwork develops the hooters
should have a successful year.

Some of the members of the
team Coach Burlingame is high on
and who have a good chance of

starting are: Goalie, John Mille—
chap; Fullbacks Pete \Vilfer, and
Jim Brooks; Halfbacks George Van
Dyne and Bob Greene; and For-
wards George Guddart and Bill
lllenberg.

With the first home game com—
ing up on October 10, it is hoped
that as many fresh as possible
will be on hand to witness the
team’s encounter with R.P.I.

Remember frosh, let the team
know you are behind them. They
are the firstteam to representyour
class on the athletic field; the bet-
ter your support, the better the
chance for a successful season.

Because of the early dateline
of the paper we are unable to have
the score of Wednesday’s game
with Hudson Valley in the paper.

Touch Football Begins;

Waterbury

Wins 14-6

The 1962 AMIA football season got off to an excit-

ing start last Tuesday, as a surprising Waterbury
squad filled with spirit and determination bested the
Goobers 14—6. Due to the new deadline of the News,
details of the Potter-KB and APA—SLS tilts are not

available.

 

 

PURE WHITE, 
MODERN FILTER I

 

' 2?

Up front, ahead of a modern ﬁlter, only Winston has Filter-Blend...
rich, golden tobaccos specially selected and specially processed
for full flavor in ﬁlter smoking. It’s what’s up front that counts!

 

 

 

 

 

_,  l  )
PLUS FILTER " BLEND up FRONT

lie a. ciget shoull

011m: it J “would: 'l‘otiaoi-n l'tnnpnny \l‘tmwn Salt-m. N C.

 

'l'ucsday’s game was far moreonc-
sided than thi- 14—6 score indicates.
The men from \l'atcrbury were in
almost complctc control from the
secoan period on.

The winners’ defense was par-
ticularly tough as they intercepted
five Goober passr-s. ()ne of these
resulted in the first touchdown of
llll‘ game early in the second
stanza. 'l‘hc (ioobcrs were moving
the ball well when llill (tray madn-
a knee—high catch of on c rranl
aerial, and gallopr-d 40 yards for
the six—pointer,

It didn’t take long for the victors
to score again as they startcdthcir
march on the \\ntcrbury25. Quar-
tt-rbnck Mikc Ilcrgcnpt-ggcdn pr-r-
fcct pass to .-\ndy (‘ibulsky, who
raced BU yards down tlw sidelines,
eluding llll'l‘l‘ would—bu tacklcrs in
the process, to st-oi'v \\.'|ll‘t‘l)lll‘y’S
second 'I I) of tho day.

.-\ny hopi- thi- lost-rs had of win-
ning was (ylttr'hl\‘ Ilispt-llml at llll‘
start of [in sI-t'olltl bull. llictioo—
lll‘l'S t'r't‘I'H‘r-rl llii'kli'k-oll, lull llivli
:rt‘cidcntly lttllt‘lll‘ll the pigskin bo—
t'orw ll rollt-d b'rvk through llli'll‘
cud noun. \\:|t--rbur\' l'l‘t't‘ll't'tl thu-
l\\t)-|)()tlll salt-tr, :rnd that ll'l'tl tl‘m
grmw.

.\r'\'t wr-r-k‘s \.\ll.\ St'lll‘tlllll‘ has
Potter and tho imobcrs lllfllt'lll‘ll
.m Monday, .\l‘.\ and \\:rtr-rbur'\‘
p l n y l n g ‘l ursdoy'. Ix'ti and Sir
squared oil on \\t‘tltlt‘~hltt\‘, and the
(iiirrln‘l‘S :md .'\l'.r\ rounding out lllt'
\\l‘t‘l( on 'I lilit"-*l'l\.

 

STUDENT UNION
SNACK
BAR

OPEN

Mon-Thurs, 9—l0:45 P.M.
Fri.,-Sat., 9— l2:30 A.M.

Sunday 4~l0:45 A.M.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1962

Rally Tonight to Open Home Varsity Soccer Season!
State Meets Geneseo Bootors Tomorrow Afternoon

 

State Harriers Entered
In leMoyne Invitational
At Syracuse Tomorrow

State’s Cross—Country team will play forthe second
time this season at the Le Moyne Invitational meet at
Syracuse tomorrow. The Harriers opened their sea-
son last Wednesday with a run againsttheir arch rival
Siena. Due to publication deadlines the details of
this run could not be printed.

Tough Meet Promised

Our X—Cers will have all the competition they’ve
been wanting at the Le Moyne meet. More than twenty
schools from the East and Metropolitan Area are
entered. The Peds will be running, at the varsity
level over a hilly, turf and pavement course 4.2
miles long. Because of the high level and variety of
our opponents we are not expected to walk off with
top honors but we will be in the top 50% of the meet.

Tom Robinson, Bill Bronson, Steve Doleski, Guy
MaCBride, Dennis 'l‘uttle, Dick Sarnowski, and Steve
Bacon will be the entered Harriers for State at_ Le
Moyne. The eighth man of the traveling squad, Paul
Horan, will be acting as an alternate.

Horan Pulls Leg Muscle

Paul Horan, number 2 man, has pulled a leg muscle
and possibly broken a small bone in his knee. If
X—Ray proves this true it will put him out of action
for the entire season. As Mr. Munsey put it, “His
loss, if we lose him, will definitely be felt, but we’ve
got good men to fall back on.” Stepping into Horan’s
shoes for at least two meets is Bill Bronson. Bill
is one of the returning lettermen and has been doing
very well in practice despite shin splints.

Robinson Tops at State

Tom Robinson, number one man, will be runningi‘or
#1 spot in every meet. Tom, a Soph, runs like a
deer. In excellent physical condition, he always has
that extra burst of speed which will enablc him to pull
away from the majority of his opponents this year.
Coach Munsey describes this l’ed as great.

An unexpected gift in the form ofSoph Dennis 'l‘uttle
has greatly improved our already good team. ()utside
obligations threatened to keep him from comingoutbut
he’s out much to the delight of Coach Munsey.

'l'he frosh are coming along good but more work is
needed. John Clark and “Pep” l’izzillo are going to
make their mark on the Cross—Country tabloid this
season. ()thcr froin are also showing good material.
lion Kajuwski, Chuck Mastrangclo, Mac Nickles and a
ncw boy Hill (iog’in arc the llfll‘l'lt'l‘S who will be com—
ing up soon.

Six More Meets Scheduled

'l‘hc l’cds next run will be against ( )ntxontnon (tel. 10.
'l‘his moot will lh' backed up by tilts with Sienn,
Hudson Valley, l’lzittsburgli and New l‘altz. As a
Special feature this yczlt‘ Stutc’s Hill and Dalcrs will
run, against an as yet unannounced victim, during the
lizlll limo of tlic Albany—Nmr l’nltz soccer game under
thr- lights at Blot-ckcr Stadium on Met. 31.

 

JUST IN CASE YOU DIDN’T KNOW IT . . .

ART KAPNER

Writes All 'l‘ypcs of Insurance

LIFE —- AUTO -— F IRE

Hospitalization

HO 5-1471 75 State Street HO 2-5581

 

PAGE 7

State’s varsity soccer team will play its first home game of the year tomorrow on
the College Playing Field against an unknown Geneseo squad. The Peds opened
their season at Adelphi last Saturday with a thrilling 3—2 victory, but Geneseo has

yet to play this season.

Tomorrow’s contest will also mark the first of the seven
conference games the Peds are slated to play this year.

To build enthusiasm for tomorrow’s game, a pep rally will be held at 7:30 pm. on

the College Field tonight.

The rally will feature the traditional bonfire, and one of

Coach Garcia’s even more traditional speeches. Members of the team will be intro-

duced at the rally.

Empty

Today, Yes!

 

 

 

 

 But Tomorrow, ? ?

 

Thursday
October 11, 1962

is the last day the Co-op will be

able to make full refunds on

TEXTBOOKS
STATE COLLEGE 

FOR

 

$4.50

Plali MUN'I‘II
AND UP

 

Geneseo Un-Tested
Last year the local hooters de‘
feated Geneseo by a 7--l margin.
but this is no forecast for tomor-
row’s game. The Bob Riedel
coached team is high on spirit and
wants to start its season with a
victory. The starting line-up for
Genese), captained by Pete (ire—
gaive and John lieuser. includes
Dick Kennel, ’l'rinno Suogono, Bill
Ryan, Art Stauffer. Vic. Jumper.
Dick \\allman, lloward liaff, Marv

Hart, and (ireg O’Connell.

State Edges Adelphi

Last week the Pet! boon-rs came
from behind in the fourth quarter
with two big goals to beat a strong
Adelphi club 3—2.

The l’eds drew first blo nl inthe
see—saw battle on a gtml by co»-
captain lid llroomficld three min«
utes after the game had started.
State had things pretty well in hand
in this first quarter, but \rlclphi
took ow-r in the second and third
stanzas to l’Iltll't‘ aheai .‘ l

The loscrs’ l‘:Lll‘0])t:'i.'i style of
play. involving more pissing and
ball control. upsvt lllr‘ l‘i'vlh at this
time, who are accustomed to a
faster - moving, freer - shooting

game. State was fun-3h 'mlt- to
more the game bat-ix to more
familiar ground in thv 1...;rl [)I't'ltitl,
when the Ports out -plv : m I out—
hustlt-d Adelphi.

Sci-oral magnific-zt «t. ~ by
goalie (iary l’cnficlo, or whirlilll"
around play of half-link liorys
Kozit-lski. .‘llltl thr- lull control of

I’Id Brow wold, spat - :zfzt rally.
.‘\lltlil$l1i\\lltlﬁt‘l':il)"‘ 'v' the goal,
ltd \l'olnwr laid :r tool on it. mill,
Illlil kilottwl the grit! .. J jwtth
two minutt-s rcmninmg. \i; l lllt‘ll
with hardly two mmuivs lv-lt l‘hil

Shaw camt- on to w. I ‘l..>tmg
:i shot [it lllt‘ not it ..» t::«~ left
wing

\‘.-'l. , min I tolxiug loi ' wild
Hill of Ilir‘ your, ’illtl .  mo
“outing to [)lJl‘ll with l\l - \_ t »-
inorrow’s gnmc sh: .v ' ‘rn
ext-11mg t‘ontr-st. lit  - ip—

port your team.

Notice

\ Howling o' Ill 11.7.?er »- :wr
Ihw .‘it~~il\‘ b-irrlo t'vdl it so. i illn-
lll'lll'lll‘llllll.lli.‘llll'vll‘l‘l‘t, " 3.3,
.3. [Mgr ‘l\ll.

\ltu't'llltg’ i! ill'f: Hm: ‘t "v‘
.n li'\ll.._’ out hi 'i rslit 1"l“ " Ill
\ill tr hwltl 'r' l:2io]»,n. i -\
try, < t. l. tr, m t'ig.‘ mt-

l'l'rt'll-r' iv:
“aloi, l'r\| llz'l l‘t, ‘J.’li< ‘ t t :._' ’
\xt-ioir \riit-n‘.

t lHIlli ~Ii.

'\ its».

2H» It u l"l ~!i'>v';1!t~ ill

 

 

IT'S YOUR
TEAM
BE AT
TOMORROW’S
OPENER!

 

 

 

 

 

 

