 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1961

PAGE 6

 FOOfba"  Team In Need

V  Of Runners

In response to a call for Cross
Country runners, several states-
men have responded by signing up
for the team. But out of the ten
enlistees, only about five have
been showing up regularly. Mr.
Munsey hopes to have about a ten
or twelve man squad before con-
tinuing with plans for meets With
other teams. Several freshmen
have trned out, and these could
be the core of a big future Varsity
squad. It must be remembered that
Cross Country is still on a club
basis, but advancement to a var-
sity status depends upon parttct-
pation and active support.

Five members of the team are:
Brian McCormick, l’aul lliirron,
llarry Kenyon, Tom Robinson, and
Ron Schultz.

AMIA Captains Survey
   Schlii‘danlhliiiiisncynitifliodmiii'wiiiziziniii:

that is, overdistance and unldelrt

" ' ' i ' 11 season l"tance ’l‘he practices will be I('(

tthe tintin of this apei the AMIA Footba (,5 . | V. i t y H “

will he wellpundeigivay, with two games already complete. at Veteran s l‘leltl lot the grciitti

. _ . , . . mt ted b the part of the Week, but the. team
The fonowmg IS an assmtment Of lePOlts SUD t y will move up to Bleeker Stadium on

captains of each team outlining his hopes for the team and Monday and Wednesday of each
some of the keynote points about the teams. ' “Wk for Speed workouts.

The Waterbury Hall football team Will again be a t t t H t It ‘1 h I
tough contender for AMIA League honors. Waterbury, [the Pt'ﬂCtLICCS \Iiiltli  lilttti Uttt

' -' siort, saring a .:. i ' -

captained by Slwrwm 159W“): wt} and Don (itlal‘illt) should give tar- ttnttttttt ttnttt 53tttt tht. “ponttSt.
run “5 plays {mm lhc Wing 1. “H.- Liclh' 110d t-‘I‘Ult‘k'llltll- DCIWSIW 5t)" ance running will be the running
Don Sindpir haﬂdilng lhcmquflruilli ('lilllSlS.  Kelly, l)il\'t‘ (‘tlllllll'li or the regular cross (itmntt‘y (“51.
back pm]an Hm 5' “015.1: 'l‘cd \Vilnei', and new additions. antic ptttS htttt' “gum tttttt (“Stump
man Clays features some mg hf)” l ““l’ ('UIllllf‘l'lv lilt‘llll‘ L‘WMVWU The under distance running will be
and they 3'“ scum m mire “)‘l‘m‘ “WI Jim Nt'ill‘lllf-i l'ttllml 001 11 W0” half-mile and quarter-iiiile runs
their way mm ‘VVLH‘CI‘i)ilr'\ Him-ail» lllllilm'ctl ll‘ilm. Slll‘t' 10 2in i1 200d with special emphasis (lll't‘xll‘t'lllth
give and (Id-(‘nSlw 1mm" lit .l-nhlnttt account of itself. ly fast heats. All those interested
line may m” be  diiiili'n TKO in actively participating on the.
li‘i‘coiiiiiiwnStiithi‘ii'iiL zinc! W‘aterr 'I'Ntt's first football team tallw :E‘flm Hlltt'lllt‘l llfttlltt'mnfll‘ll't Mtttttslil'ysp
i ‘ L" L ' " “ i " - ~- hi field minus big Joe l’owhida “5. f—ilVltlL. Vi '. It. 
 iiiplliiildlificﬁilmwfifik reisl“ \vl'iih liiit will have members .lay Illshiiic. “Illfl‘ t’\'l‘lllllts’5 it"“llﬂllll‘ It” l"th
Oiisiii.eblcaii, Larry Edwards, Bol‘ Dave crystal, (‘lziy lltl\\'ly'S:'ltltttll HU-
Costello, Bob \'an\Vagner. Roger Ron Davy to protect the baililti c
Ritzman, and Eric Niels. The ()f- of Ray liralonde, Joe cooncy .iiii.
fensive unit will feature Keith (‘os- Jack laibi as tlicyvyoik out a ytt-
tcllo in the center with (tarry t‘lt‘l)’ of plays against the. iitittt)isi
Moore and John Shanky in a' Lion.  are lcte lclt/t‘ant V‘ati
tillal'tl. Sherwin Bowen and Tony Smith. ‘l.\() hopes to Sitili Iil'll\tvlllt
itiscrverto will be at the ends fill- a Winning season. but it looks l\(.
ing out the line. In the backfield. :1 long, hard struggle,
(Iarv I:\[]l'll',lll Jones. and l"i'osl‘ Ap.‘ .
JL‘FEV Klilf'kf'l‘lmcktl‘ “ii” l’“ Slum,“ 'l'lic oittlook‘ for tile season Is’ onc
ml‘n: “it” LX110“ and “till if)?!“ of improvement. l)cptli has been
will be in the wing back slot. The ttttttwt p, puttt tttt. ttttt. (Wt tttt. tutttt
tcaiii certainly features depth and [ti-1i]
plenty of experience.

m  on... Soccer to Be

   

After a rebuilding y
cliib is attempting to repeat a;
league champions. l’ottcr lost four
valuable men from last year:
team, but has added many new
men to offset the deficit. The new
players are Mike Fainaruta, t‘liuck
Recesso, .lack Maciiianamaii. Jot
()ppcilisano, and Scott Warner,
Also new to the squad arc l’at Spic
ci, .lohn Mctlarity, 'l‘oiiy Mai-aliiso
Dave Stickney, and Al Sabc. Re
turning men are Kim (ilffoi‘tl. lnck
Mann, lIick Moore, \'ito l)’Aiigelico
Dick Stuart, l'Id ltrcniiaii. l)ai
l.inkc. and l)oh llzikowit/ The t liil
this year will lcaturc a llt".\ lial

Played in WAA

Ry Suzanne l’latt
Dear Sports Minded:

Well, here we are again ready to
start the school year anew willi
loads of enthusiasm for leaiii com»
pctition iii the new fall sports.
aren't wc ‘.‘ '.’ " I hope so and we]
come you back from a restful siim
mcr to this informative coliIIiIIl.

l";i|l sports are the first order
of business The oiin sport being
organized at the present time is
stit't't't‘ with t'arol Killcspic, .ludy

Cross Country  And Running

 

EEP Shuts Out KB, 32-0;

Season Schedule Posted

Propelled by the deadly passing

ai‘ata, the l’ottcr football squad
defeated Kappa Beta, 32-0, in the
opening game of the 1961 A..l,A.
football season.

The contest started off as if it
might be a sqiieakcr with neither
club scoring in the first period.
t'aniarata, however, began to find
ie range in the second chapter.
He hit captain and left end, l)ick
Mann on three consecutive touch-
down strikes to send l’ottci‘ into
an 1870 lead. A safety on a blocked
piiitt to give the defending champs
two more points and a stunning
20-0 half-time lead,

(‘aiiiai‘ata again catiic through
\\llll his All-Star style and threw
two more touchdown passes to half-

1 /
; //. ,
/,
//
1 'z
/

Sept. 27
Sept. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 3
Oct. 4
(let, 5
()ct. it
Oct. 10
Oct. 1]
()c1. 12
Oct. II;
Oct. 17
()ct. l8
Oct. 10
Oct. 23
Oct. 21
()ct.

ALI. STAR

backs Dick Stuart and Vito D‘Ang»

f \‘I-Star (uarterback Mike (‘am- elico. ‘ V ‘
0 H l AMIA FOOTBALL SCHEDLLL

Potter VS KB

AA vs ’l‘XO

SLS vs Waterb'y
Potter vs ’l‘Xt)
KR vs Waterbury
AA vs SliS
l’otter vs Water.
’l‘.\’() vs SLS

KB vs SlS

l’otter vs SliS
Waterb'y vs SliS
'l'Xt) vs Kl’i
l’ottei‘ vs AA
SUS vs Kl;
Watcrb'y vs TKO
Raiiiouts

ZT-Raiiiouts

(lAM E—Sun. (let. 2!]

 

 

 

 

' '-  i ‘ 'ilv on a yet ‘ H ’
aniid otliiist, illltll iltltlwn) WM” 51mm. “mt “WM [wilthch M
(-rzill dotcnsiiiI mu m HHHHUN.‘ sttt mm“ mmwmmt
thi- chiiiibioiisiiti “Hm. “it” Ht, “Ht, Wt”, WW.“
KB ' ' ’ " ’ thi- ll"tlll_\

'l'lic Kappa ltcta football team llll‘ “ “It'llm x[“lttll’lttlllljwttiHIM H“ t,“

' t (“'1‘ It It ‘ i .-
‘ ' ' iii'iiiy liiii ‘ .
ln-ttii lltltll by ,II’H li\i.\\llttlﬂﬂfhlvyuu ) Hitci' 3: at t o clock til the Student
liti p avii's its _cii t l
- tIIoll
' ' i toslt-llii, illlfl
cot-apliiiiitd by Lynn ' t I. I t I 
Andy tiliiilski 'I'lic line is sti'oiiL ll lhcii- illi any and sotiti
’Itli \pci'iciiicd ‘tllll 'li llI l'llli~ liliiyct‘s v.ho would lil‘ interested .-i
’Il l'. t h . Ht
ind lirrv Mitchell Wind and i i playing iilllt‘l siliools. thiii \\tll
liiilsk‘. will be at ends and Jim \tar bc a Hot key tlub till I 1mg titr lilll
Ilt r Will bc quarterback l‘at t‘i-r bachcr tictobcr I at 7 .50 I iis isl
rm and t'ostello Wlll providi- tlic a lIiic opportunin to meet illllt'
‘(tctl ‘Il halfback Willi ltaic lli-due» share ideas with students oi oi lt'l

 ‘ ' ‘ I i' I l
5[t fullback The team is Wt"tl( on schools All who on iiittiistid
a t .

‘ w  -t ile'isc conic

> v - but it is ispi in. i i ‘
mun“. W. A A as well as all the other
orgaiii/alioiis on campus will be
' g attending, Acti\iiics llai \tlllt'll will
blii'httl‘ltflt't‘ and depth are the lil' ltcld Iii ltrit game room “Will;

'i ‘ I‘ ‘ ( I y, I r .I H t .

kc notes to SLS plans for footlial' d5 oilotk on Uitobti I, trot.
tl ) yiai‘ l’rtccii i‘ccciyci‘s such 'dlli' ll‘cshiiiati have questions ioiil

llS -' . , . . r I I t I H ‘
as hay Richardson, Joii Starkes N‘HIIIIL, \N A A ihts is {a 
tt,“ “Wt”. tired ’l'huiiihii‘dt and opportunity to have titiii iiiisw
I l t

pass '
that KR Wlll be able to piotidc
good coiiipctitioii

 

 

s'i‘A'i‘it

A’l‘ 'i‘iiic

(IOLI .ICUE

ANTHROPOLOGY ENGINEERING
ART ENGLISH
BUSINESS GOVERNMENT
DRAMA HISTORY
ECONOMICS lANGUAGES
EDUCATION MATHEMATICS

M

(her 100 til/es on [be following subjects:

USIC

PHILOSOPHY
PSYCHOLOGY

SCIENCE

SOCIOLOGY

SPEECH

STUDY AIDS

ON DISPLAY AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

Prices $25.00 and up Plus Federal Excess Tax

( IO-Ol’

UNIVERSITY RINGS MAY BE ORDERED NOW FOR
DELIVERY IN NOVEMBER

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1961

 

In This Corner - - -

By BOB DAVIES

 

‘ CK

STATE IMPROVES ATHLETIC PROGRA

H Have you ever played basketball in a bread box? Well,
it you're anything lower than a Sophomore, chances are
you won't see much of it this year, or really get to know
What's it like.‘ After playing many years of basketball in
the close confines of Page Hall, the State basketball team
has been liberated to the wide open spaces of the Wash-
ington Avenue Armory. This year the Armory has been
rented by the College for the purpose of playing the home
basketball games there. Perhaps this year Albany can
Wipe out the big-court jinx that has plagued us for many
a tournament and crucial game. The renting of the
armory, however, was a big part of the increase in the
activity assessment this year. But then, you can‘t have
your basketball game and your money too. For those Frosh
who would desire to see the rare treat of Witnessing a col-
legiatc basketball game in Page Hall, there will be one
home game played there since the Armory was already
rented on that particular night. Just bring your wall scal-
ing gear and your pillar hanging equipment, you‘ll need
if (it you all get in!).

Also ill the line of improvement, I have been informed
that the College has purchased new wrestling mats. These
will be foam rubber mats as are used in many other schools,
including RPI and Oswego. These mats will be easier to
set up since they are purchased in rolls the lengths of a
regulation mat. They are lighter than canvas mats of
the same size. They are softer than canvas mats, and,
since they require no cumbersome mat cover, they elimin-
ate the loose snagging surfacc under foot.

Night Soccer

Concerning the night soccer games, I wish to correct a
statement that was made last week. State has had night
soccer games before, that at Hawkins Stadium against
RPI. (We lost, 2-1.)

How About a New Rivalry Sport

Considering the activities of the Freshman and Sopho-
more classes dui‘ing the past two weeks, I thing it appro-
priate at this time to suggest a new RIVALRY sport—
RIOTS!

It is a shame that this international sport was not,
introduced into the RIVALRY tradition long ago. It does
much more damage to the study habits of the intellectual
bourgoisie than a clarion '11“ at 0:00 a. in Points could
be a 'arded for each dorm director or councelor drenched
with a water balloon. Feeble, watered-down versions are
usually present at the annual Tug—of—War Splash Party,
indicating a Freudian inhibition pesent in the student

body. I close Willi this quotation from a great book, “Howie I

Woodrul't'r Unite!“

Frosh Win Rivalry Softball;
Volleyball Occurs Next

'l'he frcshmcii lumped to an early
lead in rivalry last Saturday with
a four point iiiai‘giii o\cr Ilic Sop
hoiiiorcs 'l'lic Sophoiiioi'es will
liaic a chance to try to even the
score tomorrow howc\cr, with the
banner hiint aiiil girl‘s \ollcylitill
game scheduled. The banner litiiit
will take place in the morning
with the \olleyball game at 1.520
p, iii on the tennis courts This
\t't'tilltl ciciit is worth the points

Mary t'iill. “tilt, is chairman of
volleyball Monica t‘ault'ield is
chuii'iiiaii of the sophomore team,
and t‘ai'ol llarby and Helen Klyii

are cocaptatiis of tlic li'csliiii.in
tctiiii.

In last Saturdays i'i\;i|r_\ events.
the i‘ll'lS III the class ol too.) \\iill
13 to ft m a fast iiioiiiig, tIt'lltIll'
packed coiitcst lll \\l|lt'll shortstop
llianc Shaw, third baseman Siic
lletics, and left fielder .liidy lx'iicr-
rcr formed a key triiiiiiirate, 'l'lic
sophoiiioi‘c girls under the dircc
Iioii of teaiii captain Site Murphy,
played a good defense, but It] the
later innings found it iiiipossililc
to cope with the hard pushing of
tense of the frosli. li'rosli pitcher
Stcvce tIrthhcb fanned five iii the
early part of the game, and walk

 

 

t ,A ,l
liiiciiicii liaic Syiiitila l‘i‘aii l‘liil't‘: t'd bit you llltlt

 

ctl three

The frosh boys on a 12 to T
\ictory oii-i' the class of '01 Ill an
£t,“;‘,l't'SSl\('. spirich contest which
saw the sophomores gain and then
lose the lcad III the crucial fourth
timing.

7
Let 3 Start
.‘iophoiiioi'c team iiitiiniccr ltitl
  Lco credits the trosh \lt'ltll‘) to

excellent basei’iiiiiiiiig and hitting

t'hcci'lcadci's for both teams
were in evidence. and added to thc

  spirit which is so lllltltll‘li'tlll to
all i'i\;ili'y ciciits
Visit The

SNACK BAR

Gerald Drug (‘0.
‘5” Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.

Phone 6—3610

 

 

 

 

Froin P/ay
CC C C Sat.

State‘s l"l‘()sll soccer team will
kick off its I961 campaign on the
road tomorrow, Sept. 30. against
one of the best teams in the coun-
try, ()range (‘ouiity Community
t‘ollege. Orange County has been
rated first in the nation in .liinior
(‘ollege soccer for the past four
years, and as (‘oaeh Bob Burlin-
gainc has said, “It should he just
about our toughest game of the
whole season."

State faced ().(‘.t‘.('. twice last
year, getting trounced 10-2 the first
time out, but improving enough to
oiily lose 4-2 on the second go
round. If the l’cds are to win to-
morrow, they‘ll have to stop
()rangc (‘oimty's great center for-
ward, llcctor Rciidoii. who blasted
six goals against them in the first
game last year. This is easier
said than done. since “AlLAmcri-
can" llcndoii scored four of his
goals against the li‘i‘osh last year.
while being double-teamed.

As the News goes to press. the
starting l’cd lineup has not yet
been completed, but the field of
men who will see most of the
action for State this season has
been narrowed down to sixteen.
Willsie Scott. till (tray and George
l’liillips arc the top coiitciidoi‘s for
the iiiiich»covctcd position of goalie.
lit the backfield fullback and ball—
back slots. 'l‘om Morris, Al llen-
reksoii, l.cii Rergcr. Stefan Roxy-
day, .loc Mauarulli and Ray Mc—
(‘ciiery will probably do most of
the booting for the Purple aitd
tioltl. l'Id l’iciiiiig. Joe l’i'ocopio.
lu‘d. Wolncr, John Scheinder, l’etc
Sclii'ock. Marty Miller and Fred
Rawe should do most of the play-
ing for State as forwards.

After toiiioi‘i'ow‘s opener, the
l’eds will play their first home
game one week later, Oct. 7.
against Rocklaiid t‘oiiiinimity t‘ol-
lcgc. 'l‘lic contest will start at 2:00
on \‘cts' li‘icld.

Golfers P/ay
n Tourney

'l'he State golf team. paced by
co-iiicdalists (and co captains
clccti lid ii'auii and Hill Story.
conducted tlicir third annual tall
lillll'lltllllt‘lll last Saturday at Shak-
cr Ridge t‘oimtry t‘liib

traim. playing iii a manner that
bcliid his to handicap, went oiil in
30 and back iii its for a line 7H.
oliilc Story. always steady, tired it
pair of Zill's ‘\ missed three foot
pittt on the tough l7tli cost Story
his third consecutive win in this
tourney

l‘iill .\clson and l):t\t' Hood, two
other vctci‘aii liiiksiiicii shot an tit)
and an 80 respectiicly ’l‘he dim.
iiiiitivc duo were especially sharp
around the greens on the back
time as they posted a 158 and a I].

'l‘wo of last year's frosh golfers
rounded out the field, l’iiiil Rachorr,
tlt'llltill‘dl‘itlt‘tl much improvement
over his spring showing by coming
Ill tfilit for .‘Ill Hit This enabled
him to edge out .loii Mctiiirity by
olic sll'oltc \lt'titil‘tly shot -l.'i--l»l
liil‘ (til it!)

l'i‘ciioiis iilillLItIlltIlls prevented
Al t"t‘lniiiip"i \t'zniiicr and Roger
t'ascy from participating.

t'oacli llick Saiici's was cucour~
aged by the showing of the team
particularly since none ot the team
li.iil llltt.\t'tl any goll loi‘ the two
had played any golf since school
opened It the balanced scoring
holds lorili m the spring the l’eds
may be able to repeat their excel
lent 3: seasonal record, and second
place liiiisli m the State l'iiivi-i'sity
toiii'iiaiiiciit of the previous year

A li‘csliiiiaii team is coiitciii
plated if sufficient talent is avail-
able, Those interested should coir
tact t‘oach Saiici's

 

PAGE 7

Soccer Opener Tomorrow:

Meet At RPI

This week State opens its Soccer
season with a meet against rival
Rl’l. ’l‘his meet could well set the
tone for this year's soccer season.
RPI is a nationally rated team
which often figures among the top
ten soccer schools in the country.
A defeat of Rl’l could give Albany
the National Status it rightly dc-
serves. One way in which the stu-
dent body can help is by getting
to troy this Saturday (It‘s only 15
miles!) and cheering their team.
The game will start at 2:00 on the
playing field right next to the field
house. The team is in excellent
shape, and with adequate moral
support it can beat RPI.

There are seven returning letter-
iiieii in the tentative starting line-
up, including, (lary I’enficld,
goalie; Dave Frank. left forward;

Yanks Favored
To Take Series

By John Mason

During the next ten days. many
students will be paying more at—
tention to the world scene than
usual. The focus is not on Berlin
or Moscow, but on New York and
Cincinnati. Six months and I51
games ago (102 for New York).
these two teams began the scram-
ble for league supremacy. New
York, it was generally conceded
(except by the Detroit ’l‘igcrs).
could not lose in the expanded
American League. iiit. had any-
one darcd to pick the Reds to do
any better than fifth in the senior
circuit, surely a long rest would
have been advised for the patient.

Now, at the other end of the
season, the Yanks and the Reds
have emerged as the two teams to
meet head on in the World Series
which begins Vl'cdncsday in New
York before more than 70,000 fans,
including this writer. Althouin ('in-
ciiiiiati is the sentimental favorite.
most experts agree that the irony
lloiiibci‘s will win the title.

Man for man, the Yanks excel in
most positions An outfield with
Roger Maris. Mickey Mantle and

PI ' '
aying Field
Franz Zwicklbauer, center; Ed
Broovnfield, right halfback; Karl
lleinz Gcrstenberger, inside right;
Ron Coslick, center forward; and
Phil Shaw, outside left. The four
newcomers are Sophs Gary Smith,
right forward; Howie Seaman, left
halfback; Ed Reid, outside right;
and Erwin Seimon, inside left.
Starting possibilities also extend to
Ed Walsh, John Lilga and Borys
Kozielski, who is bothered with a
knee injury.

Three men have dropped from
the team, lowering the total to 22.
Also, injuries have sidelined a few
players temporarily.

'l‘he Varsity has had two scrim-
niages this week, one with L'nion
and one with Williams. In the Wil-
liai s game, the starting eleven
managed to hold their own, but no
improvement was noticed when
substitutes were put in for the
tired starters. This led to an in-
spection and revamping of the
heiicli strength. While the starting
team was good, the bench defense
was ragged and communication
between teammates broke down.
By the time the L'nion meet rolled
around. most of the henchmen had
undergone a complete transfor-
mation. Much improved style and
technique was noted in Al ('icjka,
John Lilga, lid Reid. Bob Seeinan
and Ed Walsh.

The team was also surprised by
Williams' running skills. They re-
alized then how important a know-
ledge of the mechanics of proper
running and have benefitted from
this blessing in disguise. Some of
the moves mastered through this
concentrated study were the fast
break and offensive ball controll-
ing skills. The results of this came
clear during the Union meet when
the l’eds scored more goals than
they had in all other scriminages.

Mitch of the above mentioned
improvements have been brought
about by the excellent leadership
of the three captains. lid Broom-
field in particular. The members
of ilic ieaiii have been working
hard since Sept. 7. and they have
stood the heat and discomfort well.

Y0?“ “("171 “H151 l)“ ""Sill'dt'” 1‘” It is now tip to the student body
the most dangerous olfciisi\c at- tt, tt.t tttt. tut,” km,“ tttttt its of.
lilt‘k 1” lllt' “lillm'e- t” W“ ‘l"”.l forts are appreciated. Rl’l has a
belieic me. ask any American l.ca- gumt ttiunt wjtjt t‘titttt-nttttt letter.
gtie pitclicri. 'l‘he infield, with ltill mt.” httt-p its putt 't‘ttttmtty sage and
Showroii, Robby Richardson, 'l'oiiy ytutvttttg Thu”. ts no admission
lx'iibck' and (‘lctis ltoycl‘ leads the pttttt-Kt. tut the game.

maiors in doitble plays with ITS
l‘ilhltlll Howard, the league's lead-
ing hitter, and Johnny Blanchard.
a good cltttcli hitter. make up the
best catching combo in baseball.
The biggest question mark in the
series will he the pitching staff, led
by Whitey li'oi‘d, a 25 game winner.
llowevcr. hill'tl usually needs help
front Luis Arroyo, a hunter .\'a-

lioiial League hurler who was not
very successful until he came to
the Yanks Thus, if the Yankees
are going to win the series, lhll
Stafford. Ralph ’l‘erry, Rollie
Sheldon and Jim (‘oiitcs will have
to carry a good part of the load

Looking at the Reds, they, too,
have a powerful outfield lll Frank
Robinson, \'a(l2i l’iiisoii and Wally
Post The infield has had a wry
good year, with Jerry t'oleman,
lIoIt lilasiiigaiiic. liddic Kasco and
Gene li‘i'cesc However. the item
in which the Reds were said to be
weakest has turned llllo their
strongest point pitching. The staff
has Joey .loy. a 21 gaitic winner,
Rob l’iii'kcy. .liiii (I"l'oole. Ken
lliiiil and .lim Rrosnaii. a top-
iiotcli relieier lf t‘inciiiiiati's pit-
chers can lltIltl the Yankees’ slug-
gcrs in check, the Reds could walk
away With all the marble s

 

 

El) BROOMI‘WELI)
MAKES A WAY

 

