 

PAGE 2

Who’ll Be Ambassador?

This year State University will again participate in
the College Ambassador Program. It is good to see
that applications are being considered early in the
school year, and we sincerely hope that an over-
whelming degree of student support and response is
demonstrated.

Any Junior with a cumulative average of 2.0 is
eligible for consideration in this worthwhile program.
A relatively simple method of applicationis being used,
and it should not be overly taxing for any interested
student to apply. The benefits to be derived are many
and should be worth the effort extended. One need not
be a language major or to speak a foreign language to apply.

The winner of this program will receive a travel—
scholarship amounting to approximately $1,000. This
will enable him to spend two months in aforeign
country living with a family and travelingin neighbor-
ing areas. Each year 2,500 students are placed in
more than 27 countries on five continents.

The close contact one will receive with the people
of his “adopted” country is a rewarding experience
not found in the typcial “Grand Tour.” The College
Ambassador will be a double representative serving
both his college community and the United States and
also the country he visits. Upon his return he will
report to various groups and present his impressions
of the summer he has spent.

State students have always been anxious to raise
money to sponsor the College Ambassador from this
school. In fact, most groups of students outdo them-
selves. Should it be a bigger honor to be among the
group raising the most money, or to be the person
selected to participate in the program itself? The
answer should be obvious, but student response does
not seem to demonstrate this fact.

Last year, a group of extremely well qualified
students applied. The number of applications, how—
ever, was unbelievably small. Nothing is risked by
applying for the 1963 program, and the opportunity to
visit a foreign country does not come often.

There are two weeks in which to apply. We urge
all Juniors to try to become a part of something they
will eventually support financially. Since you will
pay for the program, you have a right to participate.

Welcome Parents

Tomorrow a multitude of parents will descend upon
the hallowed halls of our campus to get a closer look
at their son’s or daughter’s classes, dormitories,
and classmates.

We’d like to extend a welcome to the parents of
the fresh and transfers who attend. Now you can see,
parents, how this institution is helping your child to
“become all that he is capable of being.”

We hope that our guests will take advantage of the
opportunities and attend all the events scheduled.
And mothers, don’t forget to pick up your rose.

The Parents Day Committee, headed by Sue Murphy
and Tony I)iitocco, has done an excellent job in plan—
ning this annual event; so fresh, if you haven’t yet
invited your parents, call them tonight (collect, of
coursc).

i..»\.\I

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l916

  

BY THE CLASS OF l9l5

 

 

 

 

    
 

to f . 'IIl Iriiiiu, tit-uiiit-r iii i962
I I

ll... iiiiticrguiiimii- rims; illit‘l it ‘rlilil' | IIIVr'KHIIy to..:,r .i I iiiiilll ill .ii Mimi), rut.

:I‘iiil'ii every ’H'illy iii the I uiiryr wuir by the Nuts lioiil I i'lit' ‘iiiidciii \‘v‘vtil l-lliiill.
Nl MS liitHIlt

\‘.‘.l iiliA‘. . . Ilijitiill‘.lti|ii
tiniiAiAsHIii,I...........  H .. Ixilioiiti- l mini
liiSl l’li (All i . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . \i.iii.i,ii., I iilwl
lift] ii‘.i;‘i...........,......,. . . if‘lliili‘ | ii..i
iml’i \Iliillili . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. his. Ilil' i liiil
ilhilA \liiiitiil.. . . . . . .. \‘ﬁullil liii..i
'vliiilAMIIIlliAb i . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . .. . quit, i illttl
tlIAliliSiiAkili . . . . . ..  . . . . . . ..   . i‘iilrlti ili‘ilililll\ i~Iiioi
\‘li VIA l'l'Nf‘iAff liiA............... . .  .. . l‘lt‘rtlil'ﬁ'» \t-.rili~.;i., I ill I
i-AItI '. "ii ill‘.i.\l\i:\.‘\.....,....   Iritiiiitioii I iiiii.iii,r lillliil

5| \ll
iviIlU'lrli \ssismiit. . . . . . .  , . . iiriii- i-iiit‘y
l‘iiirioyi.¢piiy,....   .. ,  S. I. l‘iii-io‘wrviiin ilc‘v‘l' irwiir, joliii \lcyi-i
iii \j_ 'i iiiioio; to.“ Atiiiiiiy, um inu ti.in....iii.. who. intuit it”... it..i.i.. birth, with,
ilr.ii,, iuiritia jun-ll, i'JlWJII‘ livid, joyi r 'liiiiniiiiioii.

(til i NIMWS. l'iliii icii:.rri,l iiiby ‘iiroud, Frail Smith.
(Ali “midst iiiii Alwtii

Aii (Uililliulib-II‘HII‘ 'lilliii'i Iii,- li‘lit“;.‘.Cii to lll(' ciiitor iiii-I must lie wigiicl knlllil‘H Wlii
- - i o it Iir ’\i All iiii l Iiii Ni ‘l ‘. Jhﬁilliil'h Iiii ll‘s’itili‘uiiriiil) loi “Irin-
"' “WWW” “ “A itIJilillh ii lvrllillitillliotllilllh. .ii. >|Hll Clilt’usit iii. -io iii-t Ill‘kt'h‘iili’liy

Itrli‘l t‘ljrldfbscii iii .is i
mini) IIM 'iIL'WEr.

No. iii

 

Focus
On Faculty

by Pat Jewell

 

Today’s “emancipated” women
are doing more and more of what
men alone used to do, ever since
Elizabeth Cady Stanton began the
crusade; and here at State Uni—
versity evidence of this can also be
seen — for the first time, there is
a woman professor in the chem-
istry department.

She is Dr. Sheila Cooper. who is
taking Dr. Smith’s place this year
while he is (icing research at
U.C.L.A.

Raleecl in England

Born and raised near London,
England, Dr. Cooper attended Lon—
don University and received her
doctorate at Milton University.
Wanting to see the United States,
she applied for research posts at
various colleges here, and ulti-
mately came to the Iowa State
University in Ames, lowa.

At Iowa University she worked
for Professor tiilman, conducting
experiments for his study of sili-
con compounds. From lowa she
has come to Albany where she is
teaching courses in generalchem-
istry and elementary organic
chemistry.

Englieh Unlvereltiel More Rigid

I asked her how England’s uni-
versities compared to ours here,
and she answered that English
colleges are harder, and their re-
quirements more rigid, especially
for the bachelor’s degree. For
instance, much of the material she
was covering in her courses would
already have been learned in previ—
ous courses, ill England.

IIowover, l)r. Cooper Went on,
by the time Ari’icrican students re—
ceive their doctorates, they have
caught up to the English, and an
American Phi). is the equivalent
of an English l’h.l).

No Sororities or Fraternities

As for social life, English uni-
versities have no sororities and
fraternities, but there are numer-
ous societies. religious, recrea-
tiontil, anti political; as here, it
student cannot be really activc in
more than two or three of these.

Enjoys Bowling and Tennis
it‘or I'I‘iIIXIIlttiti, iii". (Toopi-r cu»
joys bowling and table tennis. She
likes the l'iiitcil States, except ioi'
thc Wi'iilillft': it gets too cold III

wintcr, .\s itii' the individual
states, New York State's tri-cs
are :i changi- irorii tiii- coriiiti-lds
oi iti'ikil, siic sziid, :ind Albany is
“quitt- :i iiicc city,”

.‘\iil'l' iii'i‘ year here, however,
iii“. i'oopci' pliiiis to go to t‘;iii'o,
Egypt, \Iilt‘l'i' siic Wtii continue to
teach in the Iii-id oi r-iiciiiisti'y,

 

Notice

Shirley Howler illiiiiciiiirii ’iili,
Editor-iii t.‘liici oi the l’cdtigiiguc,
announces that an extension has
been declared in the contest tor
:i new name for the l‘richrsity
vcni‘lititik. The deadline is we
tended to this Monday at 3 put.

The judges tire looking for it
dignified name wrtli student ap—
petil. All entires tire to be Silir
riiitted on 3x5) cards to the Si't'i‘e—
tar'y oi the Student l‘cr'soiinel iii-

Iice. All studciits are i‘llg’liiit‘ ioi'

coriipctitioii.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1962

 

 

 

 

 

 

J l W

 

 

 

 

 

” Why, yes, I’m a letter-man.’

Common
Stater

By Stroud and Smith

 

 

 

 

“Not all the pumice of the polish’d town can smooth the roughness of
the barnyard clown.” Holmes

PULLING TOGETHER . ..

Having finally realized thattheycan’tbeatus, the boys from Louden
ville High have decided to join us. J. T. and his fellow«coordinator
have come up with a tremendous suggestion which, in our eyes, should
lead to many future years of entertainment.

ARE YOU GOING...

Anyone for a trip to Dippikill provided it’s not on October 28, that
is? We were wondering if the 18 Senate “wheels” are going to make
the trek in private cars or simply paint the bus blue, gold and green

REALLY BOYS...

Glad to see that someone is finally becoming concerned about the
dress of our campus males. With a little effort, we’re sure he could
attain non-sweatshirt, university, status.

EXCELLENT IDEA . ..

There seems to be a big eraser at work on the lines separating
sororities on campus. Last Friday’s informal date party looked ilki‘
an I.Ii‘.C, date meeting with “refreshments.” while this week-cud
promises more of the same. it’s a good idea girls; you’re headed in
the right direction.

'NUFF SAID...

We reluctantly relinquish our title as “MudSlingers of the Year” to
the young, caustic, freshman who wrote the editorial in their journal.
Is this an expression of the I‘rosh’s exuberant spirit, or simply -'I
boldface attack‘.“.".'

TROUBLE IN COMMUNICATION...

Due to a general trend toward misinterpretation of words, wt- Sci-i
the iieCessity of occasionally defining current colloquialisni. ’IiiiV
week we inspch “\l'alden,” which is a perfch expression oi the boy
girl ratio on campus. itniy two of tin- six letters are iroiu the iiicn‘
dorm, Wiillt- the rest hail from the women's residenci- hall.

SHAPE UP . . .

Yes, tomorrow is i’iircnl's Day and all those unsuspecting parent,
Will invade our expansive campus. We predict a dramatic til'i‘l‘t'nst‘
in Irosh |.(i,i,i“, devotees . . . what \vill rnurrisy say Wiit‘li she sets
liltiSt- liltititis‘iliil cycs" . l

Siiitl'ili i"I>l'in\\l'IiC|\' MAHKS Ill", IilYI‘IIV Iil‘l (LN l’\it|-,\I"\

College Calendar

l-Itililli'dit'ltillivit12
7:00 Eh 0'00 p.in. - ii’ti i’tliii . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Dal-I”
8'00 p.in. ~ Waterbury [late l’iirty . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. “Walden”
S.tf.().5qutire litirit'c
h‘l'l‘lil) \l. lli'lillll'li iii
11:00 ii.ili. ~ i’eirenls’ [Jay Ilpen Houses
1.1100 noon - i’urcnts’ litiy Luncheon
2:00 p.iii. - i’tircnts’ [lay Program
3200 p.iii. - Sot'Itii “our lot Patents

 

 

7:30 pun, - i\'lVdiI)’ Sing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - . . - . - - - - - - ~ - t - - - t - ~ - ~ - -- PM“) 11““
SI'NI) \\, iti"l'()lil'.li H
1115 p.iii. - iius Leaves ior 19M l’it'nic .............. .. lititerhury Ila“

2'00 p.iii. - [’1 one iiiill Open House

2:00 p.in. — Sigma Alpha Open House
MUNltAl, ()("l'itllluli l5

Phi Delta coiiee hour Ior Elul’

Chi Sigma ’i‘heta coffee hour ior Kappa Beta
WI'IINI‘SIIVIY, (H'TUIH'M 34

7‘30 Irm. . Al) iii.in ............  ................................ -- R M
'lhiirsdu). ()("I‘tmizli 25
7'50 p.iii. - Vance i’zit'keirti . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - . - - . - - . i - - I - - - - ' - -' Page “a”

7' i" iHh- * All i’itiys ................................................ .. R201

i
I

 

 

Te the Editor:

In answer to last week’s edi-
torial, I too believe that “creativ-
Ity need not be absent from a
college newspaper." That It is not
absent is amply evidenced by your
tried political analyst’s last arti-
cle on Governor Rockefeller.

I was impressed by his uncom—
mon accuracy and impartially. To
a politically naive student like my-
self, his non-partisan study was
most enlightening. I was amazed
to learn that “Rocky” neglected
the all-important food dye legisla-
tion while busying himself with
such mundane matters as doubling
State University capacity, invest-
lng a billion dollars in road con-
struction, increasing middle in—
come housing tenfold and providing
aid for 160,000 students and inedi—
cal care for 170,000 agedcitizens.
How dare he stand on such a
shoddy reco rd'.’

i hope that your analyst 'main—
tains his peak ofobjectivity when
he introduces us to “Rocky’s”
utterly unknown opponents. Butl
rather doubt that last week’s mas~
ter piece can be exceeded. “News—
print should not scare away
thought."

Robert Wieboldt

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19. 1982

- Communications —-

To the Editor:

As one of the loyal fans of our
valiant soccer forces. I have no-
ticed, of late, a few things which
have bothered me. Possibly, since
I am not what would be considered
a true “conniosseur” of soccer.
I have little right to be critical of
any phase of it. Yet Ifeel it my
duty as an interested fan to raise
a few questions.

First of all, why do just a few
of the players (the first string I
would guess) huddle together for
the pre-game and half-time talks
with the coach? I guess I’m just
one of the old fashioned, gung-ho,
advocates of team unity. Also. how
is a substitute goingtoknow whatto
do if he hasn’t heard the instruc-
dons?

While we're on the subject of
substitutes, why is it that these
poor fellows on the bench never
get into the game? Are they that
spastic? Don’t any of the mem—
bers of the first team ever get
tired? How can they possibly have
enough left at the end of the game
to take advange of the other teams
fatigue?

Maybe I’m way out of line in
questioning any of this forl realize
that there may be reasons and that

there are men who know much
more about this than I do. But
I’m one of those nuts with that
“Yea State" spirit and I really
hate to see our soccer team lose
their games or their spirit.
An lntereeted but
worried tan
To the Editor:

As a Senator from the class of
'64, I feel it is my duty to clarify
many of the distortions found in
last week’s Senate article.

1. A report was given by Auxil—
iary Committee concerning a pro—
posal to limit the freshman’s vot-
ing and also to make it necessary
to have a 2.0 cumulative average
for an S. A. office. Since it was
moved as an amendment to the con-
stitution, the proposal was auto-
matically tabled until the following
week, according to our constitu-
tion. No discussion and no voting
is allowed on an automatically
tabled amendment.

2. According to its constitution,
Senate may move into acommittee
“as if In the whole" whenever it
is necessary. As Parents’ Day is
this weekend and the reasons for
needing the extra $200 were clear-
1y presented. Senate acted smooth-
ly and quickly in allocating this

money.

3. A show of hands revealed that
Nov. 3 was a better day than that
of Oct. 28 for Senate to journey to
Dippikill. Because of Greek open
houses and upperclassmen bid ses—
sions on Oct. 28, these Greek Sena-
tors voted for Nov. 3. In this way
the Greeks can not only support
their group but also the entire
school. What Is wrong with selec-
ting a date which was found to be
almost unanimous with the Sena-
tors?

4. I am curious to know what is
meant by a “fierce partisan de—
bate.” No people were even nom—
inated last week. If this were
true, I should think that the “par—
ties” would have had their candi-
dates ready. I have yet to see a
fierce debate about selecting
members of A. A. Board and the
present members shouldillustrate
thls' Lenny Lapin-kl
To the Editor:

Having read the political column
in the October 12 issue ofthe News
with the headline s “Discusses
Rocky’s Term”, I feel that equal
time should be allowed for a reply
to the article.

The headline is grossly inept in

 

cigarette.

 

come to the Coliseum. Better still, buy ’em by the carton.”

Dual Filter makes the diﬂereriw

DUAL FILTERarg

r) n .l n n . H
I'ruiliul 9/ l/‘ LJHIIIIUII v/tfﬂuwauyzmy -  ii mu Willi”! uuim : - l .

 

 

"Tareyton’s Dual Filter in duas partes divisa est!"

says Gaius (Shoeless Joe) Flavius, top discus sling/er. "I'm a pack per diem man," says Shoe/ass Joe, “and
I can tell you every Tareyton gives me bonus flavor—dc gustibus you new
‘aite a couple of pax vobiscuin next time you xW'

   
 

.M;.

. Tali”)? 0 n Wag/Mm It
' go! if 

r thought you’d get from any ﬁlter

yton

 

 

 

PAGE 3

that the discussion that follows the
by-line is a pure partisan opinion
rather than an objective review of
Governor Rockefeller’s adminis-
tration. What the writer did was
to approach Rocky’s term in a
strictly negative manner by arbi-
trarily ommitting any reference to
the fine accomplishments of Gov—
ernor Rockefeller’s programs.

The writer charges that Lt. Gov-
ernor Malcolm Wilson is a “cut-
tineg sarcastic debator.” If the
author would reread his own work,
his own sarcasm Is evident in his
reference to the Governor as a
“Republican who all but promises
to spend the next two years run-
ning for President...” The author
objects to the Lt. Gov. as sar-
castic, but has no objections or
qualms about his own double stand-
ard in using pointed remarks about
the Governor of New York.

It is surprising that the writer
does not use data from his present
sources and mention the secret
taxes, sales or personal, which the
Governor has been accused of
planning. it must be embarassing
to Rocky’s opponents to find that
their own Comptroller General of
New York has refused to support
or substantiate the charge. As a
matter of fact, the Comptroller
declines to actively campaign or be
associated with the Democratslate
of candidates.

One strange remark is the com-
ment conce rning narcotic addiction
in the state. If a little research
had been done, the writer would
have the following to be part of
Rockefeller’s administration:

1. established broad new pro—
grams for volungary in-pa-
tient out-patient treatment
for narcotic addicts.
initiated new programs for
medical treatment, as an al-
ternative to imprisonment.
for addicts aecusedoferimes
other than majorfelonies and
the sale of narcotics.

The article seems very pointed
in that it picks some relatively
obscure point such as allowing
double tractor trailers on the road
which has “caused some annoyance
around the stale.” Iiow does the
author equate this legislation to the
programs that have created anex—
panded State University, a massive
road building program, and new
park and recreational facilities?
Now would be the time to set the
balance sheet straight andmention
some of Governor Rockefeller‘s
accomplishments which must have
inadvertently been left out of the
article.

*balauced budget, state debt cut
*450,000 new jobs, recordpiiyroils
"niadi- New York lender in atomic
industry

"schooi illli up 60 to $1 billion
'collegi.» sciioliit'sliii.)s trippli-d to

17,000
‘tuition grants to 160,000
‘S‘I‘A'I‘E I‘MYI-JitSi'i'Y t‘Ai’AL‘I I'Y

iiEthi litil‘liliIII
*increased minimum wage Io$l.3:3

(over 60 New York illitill' Iciidcrs

have endorsed Rocky for re—

elcctioii because oi his labor
legislation)
‘riil billion road building program
‘creiited State t‘ouiicil on Arts
‘ 1,000,000,000 iicw parks prograrri
‘youtli sei'\iccs to prevent Iit‘illk
qLiincy
‘ci'iick down on constiiiier frauds
’cxpzindcd cancer, heart disease
research
‘ncu highway sail-iv lziWs
’sotiud fiscal policies

those are some oi the major
Iiisks passed by the Rockefeller
administration that were neglected
in tire article. this letter should
serve to point out to the readers
of the News that (it)\‘t't'lit)[‘ Hocke—
Ieliei"s lt‘I'IIl \iris ll record of
four years oi tiyiiriiiuc iichieve~
Ilit‘ili.

the re run It) tug articles on
itockeiclier’s twoopponeiits should
prove to be interesting and one
cannot help but wonder what ap-
proach Sitilli be used in their
evaluation.

[0

Dick Kinvllle '64

 

