 

 

 

PAGE 2

Is Rivalry Worth It?

There has been a lot of talk recently about the worth
of Rivalry. ince one of its supposed purposes is to
create a bond of friendship between the freshman and
the Sophomore classes, why doesn’t it do this instead
of creating pronounced disunity and almost warring
factions? The University should ideally be made up
of a whole, not of different and opposing groups.

We don’t think that Rivalry should be abolished in
its entirety, or anything quite so drastic, only that it
could very definitely be improved. Perhaps, for one
thing, the athletic events could be scheduled closer
together than at present, but still leave enough time
for practice and participation in several events. When
they are spaced so far apart as they have been with
postponements and cancellations (which are not always
the fault of the Rivalry leaders), enthusiasm tends to
be lost. With an improved schedule, this enthusiasm
could perhaps be maintained until the end of the
athletic events, resulting in a better turnout and more
vigor at these events.

We have all noticed how, at the beginning of the
Rivalry period, everyone is enthusiastic and really
wants his class to unite and show spirit. But after the
first few days, what is there? Nothing. The freshmen
maintain the proper spirit longer than do the upper-
classmen, but perhaps this is because it’s all new to
the frosh, whereas the upperclassmen have “been
through it” before.

As an example, how many freshmen were atthe Ri—
valry Sing last Saturday? IExactfigures are lacking,
but they far outnumbered the Sophomores.

Rivalry probably does bring out class leaders: those
Freshmen who are sincere and conscientious soon
assume a leading position they are entitled to. This is
a good thing.

The shortening of the beanie-wearing period was
good, since the shorter it is, the more enthusiasm is
maintained during this time. But even at the end of
this short period, the frosh were “forgetting” their
beanies and name-tags. Perhaps they simply no longer
cared or they lost interest.

This year we noticed that some of the penalties
imposed on wayward frosh by CAIT Court were of a
“constructive nature” as the original rules for Ri-
valry stated. If we could see more of this, it could be
shounithatidvalry doesindeedserveziusefulpurpose.

One of the most important aspects of Rivalry is the
spird, pernianenﬂy express niblack andivhne nithe
newspapers ofthe respecﬁve classes..Ahhough re—
ports are strongly slanted, we can see why — after all,
they are put out by the classes themselves to promote
a feeling of class unity. But the mudslinging not only
done atthe other class, but atindhddualszuulother
groups,Isinexcusable. Thisckfuntehlisone partof
Rivalry duu;needs guidance.

\Ve see an urgent need for reﬁarniathniin Rivalry
rules and procedures,

Could this year’s Myskania try to improve Itivalry‘.’

College Calendar

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27

 

10:00 a.m. - Rivalry Pushball... ....................... .. College Field
8=30 p.m. - IFG Films  ........  .............................. .. I) 349
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29

8:30 p.m. - “The Importance of Being Iiarnest”.......... Page IIaIl

 

  
  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF IQIH

Friday, October 26, 1962 0 No. 19

 

 

Ito. ni.ii«i,vi...io.iii- III'W*.I.IIII‘I -i lllt' ':.i‘vII..I. i,4 I I t. .i. ii. |l ' it.
.Hltl'il‘.lly lii 1m, ii iii: ':..‘.i-,r .i-ii ', tor '.v v. Id.” il I III‘ I tum \... .i o

Vt KN tillHtlt

  
 

\','.1 ,.ii, ‘. I
i|'-|'\I\Hllll .. _,i ,
,iii‘dl'lii III. .  . will...” i i
Mo ,II‘.t .. inn“. i.
IKil'I ‘illlll’ It ... \. iii t I
il'.ii‘i‘.lll v. .. .  \..» III I iii I
Hill‘hittilt t'... . . . ‘1 r'. I lit
IllUtIl iISK‘rdl‘ . I'.‘i 1': iIi.i,.I I I
"il-lﬁi'l‘ﬂi‘lltlll‘i it.ti..\!v4lli., I II
riltl‘. >lllll'.‘tl\'». itl‘iiil’irlill ii, I ii

\i \II
t llliiIi-lt ‘usiniaiii. ( i I
l‘i. .i .,;ii|ii, , . . . I I in rm. 1 i .v tium I mo ﬁt: .ii
Iii t. lltllltl’  lirltl Admin, ‘ilily loo i’llllllllll ioiii Int-oi I,» i | .| l’iilr i,,
Iii-.il, l‘rlf'I‘il li-wrlt, I l'ﬁll‘ll’tll, loui Jumps».

(Iii I hit-I il‘i. i'iuI ll‘ilhl'll,i Illlli \iioiiil, Iii-d \oiiii.
tiltllili'dd 1.“ limit

‘In ioiiuioinii iiioiii. would or ivitiicswi-l io iiii Cillllil int nhpii i.r.- v.i,,i.ci. 'ilttt . r...
or worm-It oi. Il‘locsi In: I HI (HI I I I.l *-.I it . “mum-s [in u v i, .ii
I'lfl‘n (lill‘i‘d'l Ill do i titlll it . or |«ﬁllilliullltilllilll", is unity i'lllr'.'. .r..

trllc’i is lit) ‘Ill'Wh.

ALBANY, N. Y” FRIDAY. OCTOBER 26, 1962

 

Communications

 

 

 

To tho Editor:

It was very difficult for me to
get used to being hated (perhaps
only intense dislike, but m In-
tense) simply because I’m a mem-
ber of the Class of’65. For me,
being a Sophomore was dependent
pretty much on chance —— when l
was born, when I attended school.
when l was accepted for admission;
but I am very glad that I am a
member of the Class of ’65.

This enmity on the part of the
frosh is evident in many places,
even now with only a few more
Weeks of Rivalry ’62 left. After
the Sing last week, my friends and
I stopped at a place to get some-
thing to eat and saw a frosh and
his parents sitting there. \\Iiile
we were waiting to be served, we
started a conversation with them
about Rivalry and, because we we re
carrying props from the Sing, they
identified us as Sophomores. The
boy promptly said, “Yeah. they’re
Sophomores—and we know where
Sophomores come from." To tell
the truth, I didn’t know thatSopho—
mores in partlcularcame from any
different place than where my
mother told me all children came
from. We ignored his statement
and started talking to his parents
about the Sing, when hishis mother
said that she didn’t see where
Rivalry developed friendship be-
tween the classes and a sense of
being a part of the University.

That started me wondering
whether the purpose of Iiivalry set
up In 1923 has been distorted
through the years so that It now
has the exact opposite effect as
was originally intended, Ifeelbold
knocking sacred traditions, but I
can’t help but wonder If the blame
is on Myskania, for this feeling
that “the Sophs are out to get us
and we hate them for it.” Maybe
last year I acted the same way,but
I seem to rememberwantingSoph—
omores to like i3 and wantingto be
a part of the University.

The rules were made years ago
for some purpose which has since
been obscured by adverse indoc—
trination. I repeat, it makes me
feel unhappy and even a bit guilty
speaking out against thirteen of
State’s most ri-spcctedundergrad~
dates, but since their purpose until
January is to teach the frosh the
Ways of State and to mold a class,
I can’t help but hold Myskania (not
just this year’s mi-nibcrs) respon—
Sible for the unfriendly Illllllllii' I
have so often illlﬁlfl‘Vt‘iir'lI'lti thohurt
I have so often felt. I’Ii-asu,
freshmen, \yo want you to be a port
of State and not :i si-pziratc t‘lllllV.

A Bitter (perhaps) Sophomore

To the Editor:

Since my coming to Stati- last
year, llll‘l't' has lll‘i'll ()lli‘ lhtiigthat
has troubli-d me. The otiii-r day I
\vitiicssi-d \\’llitl you I'll“ I'liil “the
last straw.” i

\Ihili: I was walking up lili' i-ii—
tranco to Ul'dpt‘l', I stopped to
watch the raising of tho Sltll‘ﬁ-n'
stripes. It was (.‘Ulllpii'lt‘iy dis~
hoisting, ,-\s lilt' flag i'unic ol'irktliii-
EI'QII‘IILIJ I could .‘st‘t‘ illlllt‘ plainly
that it was \‘I‘l'y, vi-ry old. l'hi-
ling is ti~rribly shri-ddied, faded,
{Hill has only in stars, 'I lit‘ i‘illltll —
tioii of tho flag is so bad that my
oiisi-rvzitioii would have boon mail:-
from .\ililit' school —— it not turthwr
iiwny.

Any i‘ii‘H'll your old Iioy scout
t'iin toll you that :i ting such as
ours should llt' burni‘d. I would
also like to add that I how soon
ll your oids show more l‘l'b‘pifl‘l
In tho raising, loWi-riiig, iindkoiep—
ing of the flag than that which I
have soon from :inyoiioi-niployiediil
this institution. 0

things must litf prrtly bad when

it Stato I'nivci'stly i'llll not afford

to Iiavo a iliig worthy oI being

displayed. It Is it disgrace to our

School and country to unfurl such
“ WE’-

Loo Comcuu '65

 

  

 

 

 

 

"The Greek Ideal ” or, "Rho, rlio,
rhol yourself gently off a cliff.”

 

Common
Stater

By Stroud and Smith

   

 

“For In truth It is life that gives unto life —— while you, who two,
yourself a giver, are but a witness.” — (libran

PAR FOR THE COURSE . ..

Beware you sloppy readers, page scanners, and surface skim;
They say a word to the wise is sufficient, and we hope that this l.“
word. (irab a stepladder, we’re on a higher plane than usual.

OFF TO A GOOD START

Do you remember a man named Boroff‘f’.".’
mittedly, he caused a momentary stir, but so do many things,
as the old philosopher advocates, “Life must go on.” Perhaps it.
one case where life should M goon . . . at least In the “Inuit”! '
merly followed. Think about It. don’t just lie down and go to sIo
the entire campus can't have mono.

l’robtiblv ilii'

NEXT IN LINE

And what of the publications. now reduced to thi- siiigultii, i
sprang up as a result of our iii-cit for new blood‘,’ What havi- lili'\
to'.’ 'l'here remains but one, which struggles even now for i’KJ-V-
Perhaps the strictures of “necessary recognitionH havi- s'rw
incipient life. Many transfusions will be necessary to curb an I ‘v
the leukemia which has already set In. Although the [)()‘\t‘l
masses pulls strongly towtirdgroup thinking, persistent i‘l‘Unn‘" . ‘II
can certainly sway non—committed driftwood.

DONNEZ—MOI

It has been said that it is more- blessed t1) givi: than to ro iv: v
said, and forgottcn. llowlsot proti-stoan E)(’,h(‘;11vfl :ii‘ros» wit '-
li‘ss" land . hoard and ignored, Iii-flch :i illliilll‘lll on 'h"
niotIvi-s which prompt a “giver,” and, dist-ouragiiiglv whom”.
Iiiids Illslt‘flli a “biker.” 'I'hc simplicity of pure and una'I it"
giving has lil‘t'll sacrificed to politicians, cgiininiiiucs. ‘IHI
Jililllit‘i‘S.

EVER AFTER

Ihw Ant'ti-nts, I‘opc points out, tire \'.‘Illlt‘ti not siiiipii ‘1
‘Illtflt‘lll, but for tho roiitriluitions thvy llll\'t‘ li-ft which 'tt" lit?”
to modern limos. 'lhi-ir III'I‘ift‘tlt‘ill is it guidi‘post, not .'I in! i
No it Is with tradition. \\hi-n wi- t‘l'V out ng‘ninst 'Ii:iii,(i- mi.
ll IIHS ":Ilwivs llt‘t'll that way,” wi- :tI't‘ 'is tooliin 'l I ill"
blunphciiii-s illillll'i' Iiwi-:iliso he must slough his skin. ‘tliv '
lmtlv t‘iltt‘vss when air iii.’ili provides lJII' supiirior scrui w“
ROUGH TIME

ll. b)’ HIM. you liiivi-ii’t thrown Ilh‘ltil‘ tho paper Ill disgust.
our iii-viiiiion Iriiiii K'I‘Xpt‘t‘li‘ii” prowwlonn \VI‘ offer you our ‘ v i'
coiigriitulations. I’i-rIiiips tor (illi‘t‘ Yi- iilitii i‘oiiiiiioii i:ii~-:
'lt‘in‘ll It illlit‘ Iil‘t‘llt'l' into the problems on 4-:iiiipus""" lli' It"

I'li'l" “HHS. we shall i'i-tiii'n to the giissiiiiivr liltill,_"lll‘u ol “ ‘-‘

Hut \titii \\tioiii,” noxt wth.

? OF THE WEEK

t.
I .\Ilil how shall you i‘isi- ilt‘Villiti your days Itll‘l “Mill ‘ “Iii
'Ili'iik tht- “ilillllri Willi'i] you :it the ‘lll\\II ill \WII‘ ‘Hl‘i"""""l 0'
.gistwiiwl :iroiiirl your noon hour'"’

lillil'fiil, iiii‘l

 

THIS WEEK‘S
ACTING
EDITOR

lindu MrCloud

FRESHMEN,

We Still
Need You!

I
urws orricr ;
t

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I
I
i
I
I
I

 

 
   

ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1962

— NOTICES —

i Campus Current

by Dave Jenks

Hi there sports fans. Oops, that was last year.

Hi gang. No, that sounds too much like a “hi-ho there", happy
tooth rushing type approach.

Oh well, let’s forget this introduction foolishness, and get on with
the more important(?) matters.

It has usually been the policy of the State College Now: feature
editor to take on the task of scribbling out a feature column every or
almost every week. This year I would like to change this policy and
offer a sort of “columnist of the week” type feature (what d’ya mean
I’m lazy).

It will include a variety of writers and writing styles from the
humorous pen of Roz Ferrara, to the more serious scratching of Sue
Murphy, to the stylish copy of Pat Jewell. and even to the nutty
nothings of yours truly.. Instead of getting bored with the routine,
tiresome, sound alike writings of one person you can get bored with
the routine. tiresome, sound alike writings of several persons.

Seriously though. we do hope that the gang of us can furnish you
with some informative, maybe unusual, and at leastenjoyable reading.

Thanks to the Faculty

While this past Parent’s Day was a huge over-all success and we
would like to join in the directing of some much deserved plaudits to
Sue Murphy and Tony Diliocco, we saw something else that surprised
and pleased us muchly.

The response to the faculty advisor program was heartening and
this program looks to be off to a solid, "future—promising" start.
And meanwhile back at Parent’s Day. there were no less than 60 of
our fearless faculty members at the Saturday afternoon social hours
being the “meeters of" and the “socializers with” the students and
their parents. What better way for a parent to find out about college
life and learning than from these people.

Whether It be those hearty, ncver—say—dic volleyballers at the
t'rosh weekend outing or those time sacrificing freshmen advisers,
we would like to thank the faculty for their ever Increasing activation
and interest in helping Siatcsmcii outside of the classroom.

 

 

Barbara Cardell ’65 represented
the Student Peace Group at the
Annual Fall Round-up of Campus
and Community Peace Workers in
Syracuse. Saturday. October 20.

The conference was sponsored
by the Middle Atlantic region of
the American Friends Service
Committee and Included represen—
tatives of student organizations
from Colgate, Oswegio State, and
Antioch colleges. It also Included
national adult groups such as the
Committee for Non—violent Action,
International Peace Brigade. Com-
mittee of 100 from Toronto, and the
American Friends Service Com-
mittee.

Miss Cardell reported that there
were many program and activity
suggestions and intergroup con-
tacts made for the new Albany
group.

Eloctlom

Jim Miles, Election Commis-
sioner, announces that Campus
Queen Preliminary Elections will
be held this Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 9:00-3:00 In the
Husted Hall lower peristyle. All
Seniors, Juniors and Sophomores
are urged to vote for the five
girls that they considered quali—
lied to compete forCampus Queen.

Gymnastic:

There will be a meeting of all
persons Interested in joining the
Gymnastics team this Tuesday
night In Brubacher at 8:30.
.\lr. Hathaway will be there and all
questions will be discussed.

Studont Pooco Group

The next meeting of the Student
Peace Group will be held Wednes-
day evening, October 31, at
7:30 p.m. at Student Center. 166
Central Avenue. The program
will feature Dr. William Grimes of
the Philosophy Department.

Music Council
Music Council will hold a meet-
Ing October 30 at 7:30 p.m. in
Brubacher. All members and
Interested tryouts are urged to
attend. Work will be started on
next year’s program.

Communications Comrnlttu

The Senate Communications
Committee will once again conduct
the “Question Box.” Any Univer—
sity student may put questions,
suggestions, or complaints in the
box which will be placed near the
Senate bulletin board in Husted.

PAGE 3

IVFC Members
Hour Mr. Kinlow

The Inter-Varsity Fall Weekend,
held last October 19-21. was at-
tended by several members of the
Inter—Varsity Christian Fellow-
ship at Albany. They journeyed
to Miracle Camp, seven miles
north of Amsterdam, where they
joined other college young people
from the area.

The group heard Mr. Dennis
Kinlaw, pastor of the Loudonville
Community Church, speak on“The
Love of God.” The weekend also
included Bible study, recreation,
and free time.

The l.V.C.F. at Albany willhave
a bonfire-marshailow roast-sing
fest tomorrow evening. It will be
held from 7:30 to 9:30 at a farm
in Selkirk.

 

 

Friday October 26
IFG Presents
an Ii. G. Wells double feature
"THE WAR OF THEWORIDS”
7:00&10:15
"THE TIME MACHINE"
8:30
0349

 

 

 

PURE WHITE, ,
MODERN FILTER

J

   

 

 

 

Flavor! Full flavor in a filter cigarette.
That’s why Winston is America’s best-selling

filter cigarette! Next time, smoke Winston.

 T -..,_._,,__-__,___

in...“

plus , F LiréastEND Up mm


e ee sill.

 

 

@1962 B, J. Reynolds 'l‘utiiiccu Company. Wtuuwirsalom. N C.

 

CHALLENGE

Ten students listed below
pledged to match the total con-
tribution to suppression by the
student body in any amount up to

ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS

on Friday morning, November 2,
between 8:00 a.m. and 12 noon.
Contribution will be received. in
the usual manner at the lower
peristyle.
Gloria Avner
Micki Barbara
Bruce Daniels
Donald de Fano
Glee Gillies
Valerie Golom
Michael Gould
Lillian Schmidt
Harold Szenes
Robert Ziegler
The purpose of this
challenge is two fold:
*‘I‘o remind the student body
that suppression is supported by
contribution
*to enable suppression to In-
crease its circulation

WE CHALLENGE
YOU
TO MAKE US
PAY

 

 

 

Scholar dollars
travel farther
with SHERATON
HOTELS
STUDENT-
FACULTY
DISCOUNTS

Save on the going prices
of going places at
Hhcruion Hotels.
Spi-rial save-money rati-s on
singles and greater savings per
person when you Silili’l‘ ii room
with one, two or lill‘l't‘ friends.
(it‘llBFOUS group rates arranged
for athletic teams, clubs
and college chins (iiidliwgo.
For rates, reservations or
further information, get In
touch with:

MR. PAT GREEN
College Relations Dept.
Sheraton Corporation
470 Atlantic Avenue
Boston 10, Moss.

 

 

 

 

