tun-ww- mw .um.mw~wms¢w  a»... . . .v ,. , _ “r .W. . ..

 

PAGE I

Potter Sweeps In Post-Season Cage Play:
Easily Romps In Tourney; Edges All-Stars

The Potter I squad came through with a spectacular 102-62 triumph over the Goob-
ers, to win the 1962 AMIA commissioners basketball tournament. The Potter quintet
pulled away after a close first quarter, and crack shooting enabled them to hold a com-
fortable edge for the remainder of the game.

The first quarter score was 19—15,with Potter holding the slim lead. Cohen and
D’Angelico got the Potter offense underway as they started hitting in the second stanza.
EEP outscored the Goobers 26-18 in this quarter, and the halftime score stood at
45—32. The second half was just about a repeat of the first, as the Pottermen con-
tinued to pile up the points. Mann and Broomfield led the onslaught in the third. per-
iod as the Club put the game out of reach. The Goobers were never able to challenge
Potter and were forced to settle fora 102-62 drubbing. Cohen was game high with 29
points. Broomfield contributed 24 more markers. D‘Angelico scored 22, and Mann tal-
lied 13.

Sheehan lead the Goobers offense with a 17 point effort, while teammates Greene
and Olsen chipped in 16 and 15 respectively. This victory enabled the Pottermen to com-
pete against the All-Star team in the annual post season game.

In the semifinal action the
Goobers had better luck as they
pounded out a til-38 victory over
APA. The tloobcrs jumped off to
a 12 point half-lime lead behind
the deadly shooting of Sliechau
and llladrazzo who had a cotnbined
total of 12 points in the lirst half.

APA was never able to build any
kind of offense as they were held
to 20 points in the first half. The
Goobers took advantage of the APA
scoring lag. and piled up 32 points
in the final half, giving them the
easy 64-32 decision. Sheehan led
the scoring with 11 markers and
Greene netted 12. .Ienks led AI’A
with 9 points.

In the other semi-final duel Pot-
ter I gained a 52-46 verdict over
a hard-working Madison-Lake
squad. l’hilips was high for the
losers and game high with 16 mar—
kers.

In the Potter versus the All Stars
game, the Club was once again vic«
torious as they disposed of the All-
Stars 72-66. Potter, playing without
the services of D’Angelico and
Broomfield, came from behind to
squeeze out a close victory.

 

 

Action Runs Hot And Heavy In AMIA Cage Tournament

$.19 95

 “I;  my" "a":
 f»-  f3

 
    

 

I

    

319;, 1‘ I

 

 

 

“If it’s all right with you Captain,
I think I’ll drop ROTC.”

 
  

(It.\|’\l ttis i

I 21 GREAT TOBACCOS MAKE 20 WONDERFUL SMOKES!

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1982

 

Touching All
Bases

By DAVE JEN KS
“OPP”erator

This is one of those cool times of year when every
sports writer goes out of his everlovin’ mind trying  find
enough stories, articles, pictures, and any other kind of
junk to fill up a complete sport’s section. The basketballers
have hung up their sneakers and what have you and have
deflated all the basketballs, and the wrestlers have rolled
up their mats to make way for the spring sports. but the
spring athletes are just running around trying to get, ’l'ld
of their winter spare tires and have not started to swmg
yet; therefore, accordingly, hence, consequently, thereupon,
and thusly we have no news that we can put in the paper.

So we will now cleverly sneak between the bats, balls,
gloves, tennis rackets, track spikes, hurdles, and shotputs
in the equipment room, grab a basketball. inflate it. and
dribble it around a while before we could turn our pen
completely to baseball, track, and tennis.

Take Me To Your Leader

We all know that our basketball forces had ti, rather
great, fantastic, and tremendi (O. K., so maybe i do get
carried away with what I'm doing sometimes) year, win-
ning 19 and losing only 6. We probably all know also that
this was only accomplished through a united team effort.
But, every team, no matter how well it works together.
needs a leader, a man who is sure of himself, who does not
get rattled, and who can be depended upon to come
through with that big shot, rebound, or play when the
going gets tough. Yes, it is important that a team be a
team, and not a group of individuals, but it is also essential
that this team have a backbone, “so to speak" (if I may
quote a member of our elite faculty). This is what made
this year's squad so good, they had the team—the Wallace,
the DeLuca, the Carmello, the Casey, the Weeks. the
Greene, the Cibulsky, and the Lyon; and they had the
backbone~~the OpPEDisano.

Jim had a mighty big pair of shoes to fill when last
year’s ace scorer and rebound, Don Cohen, graduated, but
in his usual relaxed, calm, unshakable way Opper was
equal to the challenge. It is even more remarkable that
he has done so well when we see that Opp who is only 6’ 3”
has the added disadvantage of playing in a position where
nowadays men ranging anywhere up to 6’ 8”, 6’ 10”, or even
7’ are not uncommon. But anything he might lack in
basketball size he made up for with his hustle. nerve,
strength, and coordination. Whirling, twisting, balling,
leaping, and smoothly faking his way around the hoop,
Jimmy meshed the nets with 45.2'.’ of his shots for a season
total of 464 points (an average of 18.6 per game). Using
his strength, often directed through his elbows, he was able
to gain position on his taller opponents and hauled down
326 rebounds.

There’s More Than Just Statistics

However, Opper's most valuable assets are not indie-at»
ed by his statistical status. The before mentioned leader—
ship quality, his confidence, his unshakeability, and his
habit of coming through at the right moment are what
boost from the catagory of good to great. Who can for—
get hls beautiful last second clutch shot that beat the Lou-
denvillc High boys this year?

 

The fact that he doesn't let

 

this excellence and

OAFFE LENA  

and better
45 I’hila St.
SARATOGA SPRINGS

attention go
head, his friendliness

than average sl‘l..\'l' of
humor make him one of the ':.iii‘i'

popular type men around tIli‘ igtmd

GALLERY 'l‘nlm'rmq especially with the female set I'
l’resenls is an t‘\li't'ttli‘I) comforlnltlt tit-i

.Ii'tlll I’aul Hartre's lllz‘ to I\'l|H\\ that he will He tii'd»
“No EXIT” him: doth the \i'tttory to: it
\I no ii  . 2t; . :7 - 3s """ "d" “ " ”‘ ‘ l ’
A, .W I, M uni-tint Ill . .it. w: or: ‘ ti

sac. . \l; it. iwiit. \

'I‘iclvi-ls stint Hindi-ills 5.7.3

 

 

lI Ii"..l,' it,t.t'ii ‘

 

 

.II'H’I‘ IN (‘.\SI". \'()I' DIDN‘T KNOW IT

ART KAPNEIT

Writes All Types of Insurance

LIFE — AUTO -— FIRE

IIospitaliza tion

IIO 5-1471 75 State Street HO 2-5581

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1962

l 1962 Spring Sports Schedule C. Crow Wins National Recognition
For Himself & His College This Year

VARSITY BASEBALL

Wednesday April 18 Siena Away
Friday April 27 Potsdam Home
Saturday April 28 Plattsburgh (2) Home
Tuesday May 1 Oneonta Away
Wednesday May 2 New Paltz Home
Saturday May 5 Utica Away
Tuesday May 8 New Paltz Away
Wednesday May 9 Siena Home
Saturday May 12 Oswego (2) Home
Wednesday May 16 Oneonta Home
Friday May 18 Roch. Inst. Tech. Away
Saturday May 19 Brockport (2) Away
Tuesday May 22 RPI Away

Coach: Bob Burlingame.
Home games will be played at Vets Field.
Single home games will start at 4 pm; double headers
wdl start at 1 pm.
FROSH BASEBALL

Friday April 27 Hudson Valley Away
Saturday April 28 Coblcskill Away
Tuesday May 1 Hudson Valley Home
Saturday May 5 Hudson Valley Home
Tuesday May 8 RPI Away
Saturday May 12 Rockland Away
Thursday May 17 RPI Home
Saturday May 19 Dutchess Home

Coach: Gerald Hissert
VARSITY AND FROSll (101.1"

Wednesday April 18 Utica Home
Thursday April 26 Siena Home
Tuesday May 1 Siena Away
Friday May 4 ()nconta Home
Saturday May 5 Cobleskill Away (Frosh)
Monday May 7 Ut ica Away
Thursday May It) Ath Home (Fresh)
Friday May 11 l’laltsburglt llome
Monday May 14 State Tourney ()swego
Wednesday May 16 RM Away
Monday May 21 Allt‘ Away (Frosh)
'l'uesdav May 22 ()iteoiila Away

By DAVE .II'INKS

Once again a state athlete has
gained national recognition. ('leni
Crow. Albany's swift moving grap-
pler. successfully defended his title
in tliu illil-pound class of the In-
terstate Intercollegiate Individual
Invitational (-l-l) Wrestling 'l‘ourna-
incnt held at the (‘ase Institute of
'I‘cclinology in Cleveland. Ohio, by
downing previously undefeated Pat
Mc(‘.')rmick in overtime. From
there it “as on to the NAM Na-
tional Championships at Winona,
Wisconsin. IIampcred by a knee
injury, the agile Crow, who relies
on his speed and deception, was
defeated by Don Taylor of Blooms-
borough in his first round match
by a mere, 2-0 count.

The 25th annual running of the
4-] Wrestling 'l‘ournamcut attract-
ed 125 of the best wrestlers in the
liast representing 30 schools and
8 states. Almost exactly one year
ago t‘lem gained his first it title
Willi four victories.

This year he again swept over
all competition to successfully de-
fend his tilt) pound division title In
the semifinals. the Albany State
Senior met previoust undefeated
'l‘om Kni'llif; of Navy Pier. Accord-
ing to coach .loc tiarcia this was
probably his wrestler‘s hardest
match of the entrc season, and
since he pulled a muscle in his
knee while gaining the decision. it
was probably the unliickicst.

(‘I'ow Takes ()vertimc Itatllc

In the finals of the -1-l contest.
Clem was pitted against Southern
States Champion. l’at Ili't'oi‘tiiick.
who had won t? straight III:II('II(‘.~

 

 

  
  

 

 

>
1
:ii
11

v
s

s
n

 

i
)
iFOOLING if

 

 

 

 

 

 

APRIL FOOLS DAY CARDS
AT THE

STATE COLLEGE

 

 

   

CAN SHARE SO
MUCH WITH A
L ETT E R

\F 23%

    
    
 

J‘l _.-/

/
i’ //
W ,lt .
’ ’ /

No ttt.iltct i’.Itt‘it‘ ,ou .itc no Hidi-
Il‘I what you .lit‘ ll‘tttl) ‘1 o l.i’|
-..lt.ite )‘uit tut tp' l-, your uptir
tines, yo.” the .t iterated acne
ti'lltlllIS, by hitting .i tellei A
letter t‘1IllIl itl '.L'litl emitting to
tecetve. and nothing is mute
personal, mote Listing, mote cont-
nlelely ciptuswe of you! To
t) teller
pict tons

4‘iti‘lct)llt5, ‘tttllllJA'Ilt’ft'.
l on «.tii't' W n

.,t t
y.‘ , i ii -.,_., .t...»

 

 

 

 

this mama and who .)\'Ct‘ the ins:
three years has not lost a decision
in 15 consecutive t'llt‘iltlllilfl‘s, But.
with his iniured leg and all. Crow,
unimpressed with such astounding:
statistics. calmly ended .\lr, Mc-
(‘ormick's sirinc. It was no easy
match, however, with the battle
guilt}: into ovei'tlitte. j\lc(‘ormick
had gained a one pun: advantage
late in the match and was attempt-

(‘I.I‘INI (‘ROW

 

PAGE 7

me to stall his way to victory by
keeping out of Clem's reach. After
warning him once, the referee
penalized the Southern wrestler for
his cowardly backpeddling tech-
nique, This put the match into over-
time where Crow was forced to
wrestle at his best, and did, easily
gaining the decision.

Due to his impressive perform-
ance here, he was even predicted
by some of the 4-1 officials to take
the NAIA Championships at Wi—
nona, Wisconsin. But such was not
to be the case as our injury-riddled
wrestler was edged in a very close
first round match. llis opponent.
Don Taylor, reversed Clem in the
closing seconds of the bout, and
the latter had no titne to make up
the 2 point deficit.

So Close ! l l !

How close (lid Clem come to
winning an NAIA trophy? Even
though he lost in the first round
he came mighty close. Don Taylor.
Clem's conqueror, went all the way
to the semifinals, where he lost
by otin one point to the man who
eventually became the tournament
champion. A healthy Clem Crow
could have very possibly gained a
National Championship.

Albany State owes this tough.
ltard-lo-beal wrestler a vote of
thanks for placing it on the 
lional Sports scene once again:
and whatever the wrestling future
may hold in store for Clem, more
championships or maybe even an
Olympic berth, we wish him the
best (oral least better) luck.

 

Chances are, you kiow that Greyhound fares are less than

 

any other form of public transportation. What you probably
don‘t realize is how much less. For a pleasant surprise,
check the money-saving Greyhound fares below. You’ll see
at a glance why it always pays to insist on exclusive
Greyhound Scenicruiser Service...and leave the driving to us!

 

I '.tIii'1.‘tl
l"I‘I('.\

(Ittx'i l'I{tti'itt:‘lll
ICIJIIIT.‘

tint \\.|‘ C l‘\ I\‘itlilll llll‘ ‘i "NI
I'I'II:\(':\

ititt up) ~<t all littttit.‘ (tip ‘!I t

NICW YORK ('I'I‘Y
Hm \t...\ S t in limitl mp \v‘i‘t
IIINIIII.\.\I'I‘UN
Hit \'~.)\ ‘ i ‘1‘) Potent iiijt “‘13

(int \\.ty 9

FlItJIII“III"’,I"1IIII|"I tt 1‘ how ‘.i ‘c r. it't tiniittjiit;

ItU(‘lIIC.‘~"I'lu‘II

l‘t Ronni iiij \'l.“ltt

SYIIAt'l'SIC

Hut ‘-\.t\ ‘l i‘»ltttt.ii.liit1~3>sil‘t

III 'I-'It'.\I.(I

Hot \\.i\ “0‘ Round titp Slﬁ (tit

ALBANY “LATIN 'I'IIAVICI.

ll‘t Stair \tictt .\II\.lll\. .\ \
III ft\‘3l III i ilI

 

~ ~ ~ :‘rf’att‘ "ﬁrst:

 

