 

WM“... ...,___m,.._a.1_.w..,-,.._.,._, . . ,... “1.4,... v .

 

PAGE 7

   

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19. 1962

Varsity Booters Slip Beneath .500

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19. 1982

Frysh Boaters Potter Club Dominates
5"" Seem AMIA Touch Grid Loop

FAG E 6

 

Robinson Sets Course Record

At Siena as State Harriers
Go Unbeaten in DualMeets A

 Spinning the
‘ Sports Wheel

 

 

by Bill Colgan 

First off we’d like to make note of a few of the
finer athletic type things occurring around State (and
neighboring Candelstiok Park) these days.

...Wc’d like to make very special note of the con-
tinuing fine quality of AMIA football officiating. Un-
fortunately, it still hasn’t come up to the unbelievable
standards set at the Frosh—Soph Rivalry game last
Saturday. But the AMIA refereeing is getting there.
(nice AMIA has perfected the “give or take five
yards” theory it is now working on, the game should
really be worth seeing.

....-\nd while we’re in the congratulating business,
we’d like to pay a very special compliment to the
New York Yankees on winning the World Series. We
knew Yank power would come through.

....’\ll(l we’d also like to pay a very special com—
pliment to the San Francisco Giants on winning the
\\’or1d Series. We knew Jint power would come
through. (This sports column will continue to take
strong stands on all issues.)

...It’s a good thing Dick Sarnowski was wearing
track shoes instead of wings at Oneonta last Wednes-
day. The boat fare from Ireland is pretty steep, and
we understand it’s one heck of a walk.

...Two’s company, but four is a lot crazier when it
comes to cheerleading. Where, oh where, were the
cheerleaders Saturday?

A Tip of the Sports Cap

And now for more serious work. Reader, we are
about to do something which has long been neglected
by this high—quality type sports section (and we don’t
mean spelling names right either). We are about to
correct a most grevious wrong. We are about to
stand up for the rights of an unsung minority. Yes,
we are about to make a tip of the sports cap to you,
the unknown athletic supporters (humble apologies to
Dave Jenks) of State sports. For where would our
teams be without you?

For years now we have been writing about State’s
athletes, extoling their many skills and accomplish-
ments, while ignoring you, the very backbone of State
sports. Few in number though you real fans may be,
it is you who are really the heart of our athletic
program. It is you who always turn out to cheer
State’s teams on to victory. It is you who come not
only to the first but the last game of every season.
We just want you to know that we’re proud. Keep
up the fine work. And, oh yes, we’ll be seeing you
at Bleecker October 31.

WAA Starts Soccer

(lit a HIIIi’Jt' goal by Hobie livansburg, Psi Gamma beat Gamma
hop in the Tuesday league. Alden Hall, which was inactive this
new, Will oppose (iiililiilii Kup this Tuesday. In the Thursday
league, Sig Alph swamped Iiru b—U. Yesterday Bru and Sayles met
tor the Het‘ond game of that league. liven though only six of the
twelve possible women’s team are in the leagues, they are actin

First Victory

The freshman soccer team,
playing their finest game of the
season last Saturday against Os-
wego, still couldn’t make it into
the win column and bowed to un-
defeated Oswego 2-0.

Even First Hall

The Feds battled Oswego on even
terms throughout the first half
and at intermission the score stood
at 0—0, as neither team could mus-
ter many scoring threats. The
visitors got into the books first
with a goal at 4:05 of the third
period by the left wing Richard
Toft. An unfortunate defensive
lapse enabled the wing to kick the
goal. as Oswego managed to get
a two on one break on the Albany
right defensive back. Oswego
scored again later in the period
at 17:25 on a goal by their center
forward Vince Coletta. The Al-
bany and Oswego Booters then
battled it out for the rest of the
game without any more scoring.

Pod: Standout
Though losing, some ofthe frosh
hooters stood out in defeat: Jim
Brooks (center—forward), George
Guddat (inside-left), Jake Ndimbo
(right wing), and John Miller
(goalie).

Ottonsivo Lacli

The team was again hampered
by its inability to put the ball past
the other team’s goalie. The Al—
bany defense, for the most part,
has been good and the fullbacks
and haifbacks have worked fairly
well together in keeping the ball
away from their own goal. How-
ever, on the attack, the halfbacks
and the forward line have found it
difficult to work together effective-
1y to generate some scoringpower.
Not only has Albany notbeen scor—
ing, but they have not even, for
the most part, been getting any
good shots at the opposing goalie—
the attack seems to peter out at
about 25 yards from the enemy
netminder and the goal. If the
team does get close enough for a
pass which could result in a shot,
there usually isn't anyone in front
of the goal to put the pass.

The next game for the frosh
finds them playing away at Rock-
land Community College on Octo—
ber 20. The team's next home
game will be the following week,
Oct. 27 against North Adams. It
is hoped that the gradual improvu-
ment shown by the frosh willcari'y
over into the next games and pro—
tut-e a wtn.

 

SUPPORT
THE TEAM

 

 

CHARCOAl HOUSE RESTAURANT

featuring

Charcoal Broiled Hamburgers
and Delicious Dinners

’llso Speer-‘ilixing’; in Dulit‘fuilh‘ Subs

BRING THIS AD WITH YOU AND GET
A 2ND SUB AT I2 PRICE

Open 24 Hours A Day

 

 

 

 

(in (limiter 2:3, ‘li.’ \lpli .ind
.i‘,li- will iiil‘t‘l \l'lt‘ll illlll I’M
iiil l' I (titllllllii -‘~Ill \‘l"|)l1()[l‘
otwi' 35‘). ill" I'Iiiiil :J.iiii<‘~ lllv tlii-
l‘ :Alfllt' >‘rlll lll' i'lil‘i‘"l llll \l)\"
"llllil‘r l, \ (ilu‘nrll' J.Ill if“ 'I li"'
‘ltlll'II iilll'f Il.i' I' .{iiHii'
Pluydny
ll. \. \. i 1 .iill liliillillliL’ilII‘l pre-
paring for their pl.i\il.i\ \‘-l||tli
Alll Iii: liizld ltt'lt‘ ‘rll \oxeiiiiii-i'fl.
‘Iniri ll'Il/J'r lot. vilil'tivill' iwl lli.il
tiiiyiiiit- lilti'i't' -l,t"l ili lilillylll’.’ Iii hum-rue».  cen'ra‘ Ave.
Ill-ill liililii' til the (It. tt‘. lumilll
ioiiliii I LlII‘ ri- (rev it .t port ilLtll‘
:tL‘t'T-‘i.
of
Visit Our
Growing Paper Back Dept.
NOW OPEN

Mom-Thurs. Until 9 P.M.
JOHN MlSTLETOE
800K SHOP

 'r‘rvi iltiiii’liiii \‘rt .,

lit) 3:47“)

\ll..iiiy

 

 

GRAND OPENING
COLLEGE SUB HOUSE

Visit our clean shop this Week
('(lltNlult ()I' MilnS'l‘lultN AVI'. [it (HUUI. 51’.
Subs made to order
“Yoii'Ve tried the rest, now [,e( the best"

.OI’EIN 10 AM. —- 2 AM. MON-'l'lll RS. “(I (it SAT. THE 3
SUNDAY 12:2 I’M.

 

After the third Week of A.M.I.A.
action, Potter Club remains on top
with a perfect 3-0 record. A.P.A.
is in second place, one game off
the pace with a 2-0 record. The
end of the season promises to be
busy for A.P.A., which has had
one game rained out and one called
off due to illness among the op—
posing team’s players.

Potter Tops Waterbury

In Monday’s action, Potter Club
maintained its undefeated record
with a 14-6 win over previously
unbeaten Waterbury. Waterbury
broke the ice in the second quar~
ter after a see—saw first period
which saw both teams forced to
punt twice. Hank Maus started
Waterbury’s drive by intercepting
a pass on Potter’s 25 yard line
and ended it by taking Mike Ber—
gen’s toss on the 10 and going into
the end zone untouched. Potter
took the ensuing kickoff and
marched for a TD in five plays.
capped by a 25 yard flip from
Mike Comerato to Dick Mann and
a successful PAT attempt. In the
third quarter E.E.P. iced the game
on a three yard pass to Pat Spicci
following a 30 yard aerial to Dick
Moore. Again the extra point try
was good, and following Potter’s
kickoff, Waterbury’s defense bog—
ged down as  defenders

picked off and broke up many
passes to hold on for the win.

A.P.A. Trims Goober-

A week ago yesterday A.P.A.'s
team took the measure of the
Goober nine by a 12-2 score.
Mike Goldstein opened the scor—
ing for A.P.A. by intercepting a
Goober aerial and going 30 yards
for the score. The pass pickoff
was but one of many as «sure-
handed A.P.A. defenders s‘tole
tosses with what, to the Goobers
at least, must have been dis"
couraging regularity. The Goo—
bers struck back in the third per-
iod as Bob Ireton nailed an A.P.A.
ball—carrier in the end zone for a
two—point safety. A.P.A.’s Char—
lie Hunter then assured his team-
mates of victory by racing 60
yards to paydirt with a Goober punt.
The fourtt‘ quarter was marked
mainly by A.P.A.'s frequent pass
interceptions, which iced the vic-
tory.

Next Wooii'o Goran

Next week’s action finds SLS and
the Goobers battling on Monday,
KB and Waterbury playingon Tues—
day, and Potter and SLS rounding
out the week on Wednesday. The
big game between Potter and APA
will be played a week from Mon—
day.

 

ow
Cards
and

Decorations
by
Hallmark
for

at The
(0-0?

 

Literature of the

in the
Modern

FRENCH

Hall-o-ween

Language

Languages

SPANISH
GERMAN

(It
The

CO-OP

 

 

 

 

State defeated its traditional rival, Siena. 27 to 29
last Monday. State’s star Hill and Daler Tom Robin-
son did it again. He smashed the Siena course record
of 17:44 by 13 seconds galloping through the traps in
17:31. Siena’s Charles Connelly and Mike Winter
nailed second and third spots in 18:10 and 18:39
respectively. Frosh John Clark copped the fourth
spot in 18:47 and Bill Bronson, the most improved
man on the team, clinched State’s victory by out-
distancing Siena’s Paul Thorpe and breaking the tape
in 18:58 with fifth position. Paul Thorpe and John
McTague of Siena snatched the next two spots finishing
with 19:15 and 19:21 respectively. The last two
scoring State Harriers were Dennis Tuttle eighth
with 19:38 and Pep Pizzillo, ninth with 20:05.

Dual-Meet Record Extended

This victory gives State a 6-0 dual meet record
for two years. “The team is at its peak and we will
not be defeated in dual meets,” says Coach Munsey.
The team as a whole and as individuals has high spirit.
They are extremely proud of their record and will
continue to win. As a school with comparatively little
experience State’s X—Cers ran very well at the cross—
sectional Le Moyne Invitational and they are hoping,
that financial problems can be resolved so that they
may enter the international meet at Canissus. This
team wants all the competition it can get.

State’s fifth dual meet victory was over Oneonta
last Wednesday. The Hill and Dalers tromped the
first year Oneonta squad 16 to 44. Again the Fed’s
fabulous soph Tom Robinson easily took first place
with 17:59.8. This is the seventh consecutive time
that Tom has placed first for State’s Harriers.

Oneonta Course Tough

The Oneonta course was the best cross-country
course that our Hill and Dalers have run on. It was
3.5 miles long and winded its way around Oneonta’s
new campus, through the wooded countryside and ter-
minated on the turf of the soccer field. The entire
course was rain-soaked and extremely muddy in spots.
This slowed State’s X—Cers down but didn’t keep them
from winning. “If we had had the competition we
would have run much better,” said Coach Munsey.

After Robinson’s first, State copped the next three
consecutive spots. John Clark was second with
18:44; Bill Bronson third with 19:06; and Dennis
Tuttle fourth with 19:08. ()neonta’s first man across
the line was Larry Smith in the fifth spot with 19:11.
The sixth and seventh positions were nailedby X—Cers
Dick Sarnowski (wrong way Richard) and Steve Do—
leski clocking 19:30 and 19:48 respectively. One-
onta’s Joe Urell captured eighth with 21:10; Frank
Pizza came through ninth with 21:45 and Gary Ham—
mer crossed the line in the tenth spot clocking 23:05.
(luy McBride was the last State man through the
traps with 24:38.

According to Coach Munscy the man to watch is
Bill Bronson. Hill, who was responsible for the l’ed’s
sixth straight dual meet victory last Monday, has
knocked 58 seconds from his time in less than a week.

Five Meets Remain

The following schools will fall prey to State’s
Harriers in the future: Hudson Valley on (let. l8;
l’lattsliurgh on Oct. 20; an unknown victim atllleeckei'
Stadium on Oct. 31; New l’altz on Nov. 3; and a 5
or 10 mile road i'aCc at l’oughkeepsie on NOV. 33.

 

PHONOGHAPHS
" HEPlllllEl)

Gerald Drug (Io.

‘II7 it‘ostri'n Ate. Albany. N. Y.

l’tiorie 0-3010

BLUE NOTE SHOP

IN (lNItiAl AVE

 

 

W) '10!” UHN Ill II P M

 

Gitt-O-Rama

icvrjltY’I‘liIM.‘ iN
si'oiir: at Wilma-sum.
lilscoiJN'i‘ rulers

All liulliiiarti and Niircmss laveryduy
imi (‘Iiristiiias i‘urdseltihbon and

Paper .m ’2 Price
Unusual (lifts lfrom The 4 Corners of the World»/\ Full
Selection of Religious Articles~llandbags That Are llil—
terent—Aiid The Largest Selection of Costume jeWelry

in This lintite Area
181 (‘eiitrni Ave” (2 Doors Below Robbins st.)
PHONE HE 6—93l0
Open DUN)" From If) AM. to 9 HM.

 

 

 

w . '

 5W

      

 

         

‘ {-1 w.

A. < ~_ - ' ;\.M.Aw‘
: s... ‘nszﬂ - 1 _

. o

' i o
 V., .. . ’ ~-_-
sew-e“ “m
' ._ - 4’
. '\—

 

' ‘1'. L l »
‘N:-~C'" ~-",i¢-o
.

State co-captain Ed Broomfield closes in for shot last Saturday.

Oswego edged the Feds 2-1.

 

The scramble is on, as hard-charging l’i-ds battli- (isiwuo for tin-
high-flying ball.

Perl Keglers Lose To Siena

State’s varsity bowling teain ran
into the i'edhot Indians from \It‘llti
last Monday night, instead oi
:\.li,('. as i-xpei'it-d. Despite an
exciting 55—1 Jose, State still holds
ihii'il [)ltit‘t' over A.H,t',, next
week’s opponent, by one [)tIIIlI.
Alter Winning the first game by :53
pins, State lell Vli,‘lllil to :in til‘
inosl unbelievable llillHll by \It‘iitl.
'l'lii: liltlltillS t.‘tii'iit‘ baek with strong
games of 5120 and 9152 to i-op the
extra point tor total pins as well
as two tor the last two gann-w.

\lt‘Ilii'S l,ee Mieli-uski had the
night’s high lfllUI'l \i‘iih 0:57, lllth‘

 

l Notice

Any group interested in i-ntei'~
ing the AMIA bottling league this
Winter should sign up on the AMIA
bulletin board now,

'Iln: complete roster of players
must be given to 'lony Iiisetei'ui
llt‘lill't‘. Nov. I, The lli’SI league
day Will be 'I‘uesdiiy, Nov. 6.

(iiyiiiiiastics :‘tiiyiirie?

Anyone interested in participat-
mg on a gyiiiiiusiii‘s ieaiii, coiiiiiet
lloug Peterson in \l‘aterbui'y Hall
as soon as possible. It enough
interest is displayed in this sport
a iioii—coiiipetitiye gy innn Sllt' s
team will be started at State at
Ulliftf,

than enough to ‘1-' the Illii'
liimllilg Ill ‘~I'i[i"-- \l ‘iltll (thT
11.3), .liin Iilllli‘ll.'iil (Itil ilfi), 'Ill‘l
l’aiil lieaiidin (l‘ll"ll:l). ‘ilteIu-n
ski, lilt‘ltlt‘iiltilll', non Ie:id~ the
league ‘.\llll :i tine :tii; :iiri‘agi',

Tennis Tournament
Enters Final Rounds

State’s~ iilllliltil ltlll tennis tour-
nziiiieiii is non \ti‘ll lliitlt‘l any, with
the final round of play w‘liwluli'd
to come ott this weekend Init- Io
an early deadline, ilt‘liill~ Id llll'
seiiii~tinals are not :i\‘:iil'itile.

Semi-Finalist:

Hut ot the original tield ot on
teen entries, the following Ioiii‘
players had reached the Si'liil
finals; 'loiii Sloeiiiii, AI Hatter,
John Hurthelnies, and iltililifillll'li‘~
Viiiit. The Winner ot iin- Slot-uni»
Iiader mulch wtll play the Wliiilt‘i'
ot' the lliii'thelnies stiii'tei'ant
match tor the etiaiiipionship.

Sloitiiiii got into the semis i'ia
his :l—tl, ti~l, o ti \Hil over lnivie
Iiiiurn; liader make it on his 6-4,
8-10, (5—3 Win orer Andy (filiiilsky.
llai’ilielincs topped Joel iiiidis tS~-I,
6-42 to make the Iinal foursome, and
Stiii'ievaiit didn'tlniVe to as llllli’ll as
lift a i'aeket in i‘ent'hingihe seiiita,
I‘eceivmg Ioi'tcits right down llit‘
llllif.

ow “ «OlSiltlm, 2-l

by John Schneider

Tomorrow Plattsburg will play
host to State’s soccer team which
will go up there with a 2-3 record
for the season. The Ped hooters
are looking for a win to snap a
losing streak of three consecutive
defeats. On the other hand, Platte-
burg will seek revenge after last
years loss to the Peds via a 8—0
margin.

Roquottoors Down Pods 2-1

Wednesday in a home game which
saw many thrills and spills, the
Raquetteers of Potsdam defeated
Albany's Peds 2-1. The visitors,
trying to avenge last years loss to
the Feds, tried hard to score all
first period, but State’s defense
kept the ball in Potsdam territory
most of the first quarter. In the
second quarter and third quarter
the Potsdam hooters scored two
goals with left wing Sonny Pierce
and right wing Bob Anstett con-
necting for one tally each.

The I’eds came back with a goal
by Luis Ospina at 13:43 of the last
quarter. The State squad tried
hard to tie the score. but when the
final whistle blew, the Peds were
behind 2—1.

Throughout the game the locals
had many opportunities to tally,
but the fine play of goalie l‘red
liaymond stymied the State attack.
State actually out-shot Potsdam
with the l’eds getting off about 40
shots at the goal while the win-
ners took only 20 boots. Potsdam
goalie Iiaymond made 35 saws as
compared to Gary l’enfields’ 18
saves.

Pads Bow to Oswogo 2-l

Last Saturday saw the I’eds
bowing to a strong ()swego club
2-1. The Pods and the Lakei'shad
equally strong clubs. Both teams
handled the ball nith the skill and
finesse which inade Saturday’s
game a thrill to wateh.

Uswego kicked the hall oif and
1mm then till the final whistle,
lioth It‘lllllh played tine soccer.
lhe Lakei‘s scored at 16:30 of the
Iii'st quarter on a play which saw
the ball take 115' time i'ollinginto
the net. tin a slight inixup in the
i‘i-ti llfil'klll‘ltl, goalie tirii‘y I’en—
lli'ltl missed the ball about fifteen
\‘Jii‘ds ll't)lli the net, In the con-
tusion tlswego‘s l’i'aiik l,i<i'o
ltJlii‘llt‘tl the hall and it i'olli-dslon-

 

Iv in. In the second quarter Ix'en
\‘.\\'ei‘ sx'oi‘ed tlmxegti’s \I'I'tlllll
.‘oal .‘ll “:IIU. lllIS gozil i-aiiieii‘oiii
. inwniiitnl win» by I'ijllI \i'ing
liiiik lth'ti into thi- .J‘i'il ii'e:i
‘Iii iI' \\\\I‘I l”IIIl"l ll (lid l‘i‘Iii
'iI‘l l.

iisitw" only gii‘il ftlllt' 'il ltitlll
at die I'isl quarter uhi'n mi :i last
llll‘.tl\ [llfi\’, ‘ll'-','l]llllllll'.illll'l1(lllt"
lli'ltl, uildi~t.’ini'ed itsu‘i‘utl'ﬁ ‘-lt‘-
tense iiid t"i~«ll\' put Illl‘ lt'ill past
the goalli ‘l'ill' then tried to
iiII\‘, lpii Ill" I:ii:il ‘Alltolli‘ blew
l-‘ltll'i‘ lln I‘ml‘ mild  ire 'igain

llii‘ougli 'Iil‘ .L'iiin- ‘l|l||l«i\llllfllt‘-
l\’ \|\ him It: l-~pe 'l'llttl - «int in:in\'
llIlI' ])l.'i\'a alto Ii'ln lein \e 'dieil.
Wings l’llil ‘oli'ii Illl Iii ‘\oliiei‘
'1I'l up in HIV arm-ring, ‘llll‘lilllw \\|Ill
llt'_itllllill i-r»-t' '1 HI. 'ln-ii' ie-
'\Ili't‘ll‘.l iiii~»iIi-!i into ’tn- gnu]
iri-a.

llII‘ lii\l loiilii' .iniiti' Jill llt‘
ig’iin »i .\i w |‘ i111 oi. I It'liitiei' .i],
Friday l)('l()lit'f l9

l.l“.(i. l’lx‘l25IiN'lS
tiiginur lit‘l’gill‘dll'b‘
“Wild StrairibeiriesH

\llftiNHt (ll: 'l Ill: tilt UNI) l’ltllJ:
BERLIN l"ll..’ll I’l'S'I‘lV'U.

DRAP ER 349

7.00 ANI)‘):15I’.'\I.

 

 

 

 

