 

PAGE 6

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1961

Potter Club Edges Tough APA Squad 13-6
To Nearly Clinch '61 AMIA Football Title

Wednesday, in a high spirited, well fought grid battle on Vet’s field, an inspired
APA football team was frustrated in their attempt to overthrow the Potter dynasty in

AMIA football.

The Potter victory virtually clinched the league title for them, since

their only remaining is with TXO, who have yet to come out victorious in their first

year in the league.

APA seemed to be on its way to victor
first half, scoring on a intercepted pass by Bob Pollero.
quarter that EEP began to move the ball and midw

y as they controlled the ball for most of the

It wasn’t until the fourth

ay through the period they hit the

scoring column with a beautiful pass-run play from C quarterback Camarrata to Bob
Dzikowitz. A jump pass to Dick Mann for the conversion point put the Pottermen one
one point up on APA who had failed to make their extra-point attempt in the first half.

The valiant APA squad put on a determined fight the
rest of the way, but their tiring defensive backfield slacked
just enough to allow a Camarrata to Spicci pass get by

them for second touchdown.

The conversion failed.

The first period saw little action as both teams seemed
to be feeling each other out. The second quarter, however,

was completely different as APA caught on fire.

Pollero

took a punt all the way, but was called back on a question-
able decision by the referee. A tremendous punt by Chuck
Hunter put Potters back against the wall and a few plays
later Pollero grabbed a Potter pass and scooted 10 yards

for the score.
interception gave the ball to

Potlcl‘ came to life the second
half as Camarrata hit on 5 consec-
utive passes to move the ball to
the 20 yard line. APA stopped the
drive and was able to contain the
Club for the remainder of the Quar-
ter and part of the fourth quarter.
’l‘hen Dzikowitz grabbed the ball on
a pass play and dodged past three
defenders for the crucial score.

Dick Mann made a beautiful
pick»off of an AI’A pass to give
l‘Il‘JI’ the ball. Several plays later
(‘amarata lofted a long spiraling
pass into the waiting hands of Pat
Spicci for the final TB of the game.
APA was unable to get off a pass
in wanning minute as the I’ottet‘
Defense put on a great rush.

 

Notice

A weight lifting club is be
ing organized at State. The ob-
jectives of the chili are to ob-
tain through the college, weight
lifting equipment and a place to
lift. The club is not necessarily
a i m ed at inter - scholastic
weight lifting. but it will be an
organization for anyone inter-
ested in weight liftingr and body
building on a non-coinpetitive
level.

More information about the
('Illl) can he obtained by con
tacting 'l'iin .\twell in room
l-I-l t. Waterbury [fall or by stit-
dent mail.

As the half closed, but a Mike Goldstein

APA who ran out the clock.

AMIA Act/on . . .

Potter Takes SLS

(in October 12 l’otter extended
its win skein to four straight games
by shutting out Sl.S, l-t-it. Vito
It'Aiigclico starred for lCl‘ll’. iii-
tercepting three passes and scoring
both touchdowns for the victors.
(in what was one of the best plays
of the afternoon, l‘ll'll’ Quarterback
Mike ('amacrata fired a TI) pass
to D'Angelico on a play which cov-
ered 50 yards. D'Angclico's other
score came via an interception and
run from the SLS 8 yard line.

AI’A Trouiices Waterbury

Last Monday a fired-up AI’A
squad rolled over the weak Water—
bury club. 25-0. The terrific 15 for
32 pasing of Quarterback Rocky
('rowell pro\ed decisive in this
fifth Al’A win. A terrible first half
wind held him down. as Al’:\ held
a slight (to edge at the Iialf. The
second half was a different story.
however. as the wind cased and he
began to hit his stride. firing 'l‘l)
passes to [fill Ilurncii. (‘huck llun-
ter. and Hob l'olleyo.

I‘.\'() Drops I~'if'th

’l'.\'ti dropped its fifth game of the
scason last ’l'ucsday. courtesy of
Kit. 322’. o The game was really over
lit the a-coiid riuartcr. as Klt roll-
ed tip 2o points, l-ld \t‘arucr iiuar-
tcrbackcd the winners. firing four
'l'll passes. and Jeff .\lillard pulled
in two of" these to lead the Kit
scoring punch.

Volleyball Starts Oct. 27,-
Modern Dance Needs Help

By Nancy Schogalefl
lit-ar Sports Minded
Soccer

In the Tuesday League the fol-
.iiyiiig teams forfeited:

('hi Sigma Theta

tiamma Kappa l‘fii
)i'lléi

Kappa

Next Week
The 'l'liiiisday League is yet to
be played off In the 'liii-sday-
'l'hui'sday l.ca;-uc a playoff game
Will be held to determine the chain
pious of the league
Hockey

The first meeting of the season

Will be held oi the athletic field
iic:-.‘t 'fui- day for anyone llllt'l't'sl
ed in the sport fty the way, the

lit't'll

‘fiicail‘iy

llit‘t‘lili" ha: (hanged from
Wednesday to lie sure
and ttilflt' if you are interested
Volleyball
'lhosc of you who have
‘llf't'la please turn them in by llt'l

l'tisll‘l‘

27 'l'hcy' should be ;’1\‘t‘il to llclcn
l'oolc or .'\lai'lci‘.c tiillis. the mana-
;{i'l‘s

.Vlodcrn liaiice

In case you have not heard that
our .\lv-’lci'ii lJaiice tii'oiip here at
State 'lli".‘.ly tilt'.‘il|ll.t‘ll last year)
is li[i\lll" ipiitc a problem Ittt'tillfli‘,
a place to inch and rehearse

lt'c rcali/c that you can not help
llft‘lll .f\ individuals However you
can ciiioiti‘.‘i“e Ihcin by supporting
the .’i'oup when they do i'cf a
i'litiiit'c lo llfl‘t‘l

ft is quilt- a :(rocp and I'm sure
llltil they descryi- off of you ‘flcci
foolxo" iiicii aid women
II‘..\..\. lit-porter

lii ca~c you sportsniiiided fair.
have not iiotic. the heading on
thi-, wielzly column, you now have
a new \\ .\ A sports. editor

\ successor to

l am your \t' A

New

Su/aiiiic l‘laii

iiiforiiicr

Frosh Boofers
Top Hudson 2-]
For 2nd Win

State's Frosh soccer team regis-
tered its second win of the season
last Wednesday. as the hard-press
ing i’eds sent Hudson Valley down
to a 271 defeat. The victory brou-
ght State's record up to two wins
and three defeats. with three games
remaining to be played.

.loe l’rocopio. State's center for-
ward. blasted the winning goal for
the l'urple & (iold via a beautiful
pass from l’ete Schroeclt with six
minutes remaining in the game.
This tally broke the ice for l’roco-
pio. the leading State scorer with
fiic goals. who had gone "hungry"
his last two times out.

State was the first to draw blood
in this see battle when with
one minute left in the third period.
All llenrckson relayed an likhard
l’icniiig corner kick into the net.
Hudson Valley bounced right back.
however. scoring their goal early
in the fourth period when the ball
took a bad hop and bounced over
State goalie Will Scott. li‘roiu then
on lll ll was a State ball game, as
the l’cds went all out staging a
rally and driving lludson \'al|cy to
the wall. until l’rocopio scored his
goal to bust the tonic \\'ltlt‘ opt-ii

saw

in sharp contrast to the sccond
half tlii'il the sharp |"i'osh play
ing bore the fruit of two goals. the
first half was a \iicrdic ’l‘hc l’cds
coiitiiiuilly itllltiitiitt‘tlu'l'al Hudson
Valley in lhc first half driyiiig to
the goal time after time but his
mg the ball at the critical moment.
l'rocopio in particular was made
\li'lllil of this pt-cular mix. and
llllL'lil well haic been the goal of
llll' game if State had ltisl

l’rior to this game. the l~‘rosh
bratcd the rain and wind of Vets'
I’icld last Saturday. only to lose
(to at the hands of a superior ('olr
t'ait- squad 'l‘hc always strong ('olr
gale l"rosh, who defeated State in
iyci'tiine last year. Were never
seriously threatened in the first
half. as the victors moved away to
a 2 it lead The third quarter, how
c\i-r \t'lllii‘sst'tl a stronz'ly rcyifali
/cd State offensi- \\'lll('li kept ('ol
:{afc under constant attack. bill was
unable to scori-

'lhc l’rosli taltc to the road to

mort'ow against the tough lls\yt‘_i’,ti
liiilili‘l'S

 

Touching All

Bases

By DAVE JENKS

  

stat.

U from our ushu s, weightlifting, dynamic tens10n
exerciges, spoEi‘ts rrliagazilries, or crutches State athletes!
Jump for joy! Things are looking up for the future. Bas-
ketball players will no longer have their shots blocked by
the ceiling or their passes intercepted by a fan Sitting half
on the court; soccer players will no longer have to play a
game 15 minutes after rushing out their last class; base-
ball players will no longer have to wait for Hotshot High
to finish its game before they start theirs; and all may
even see a crowd of spectators replacmg the few loyal stu-
dents and one or two Albany urchins who usually watch

their endeavors.

A rash of improvements have hit the sports scene here
at State. Could it be that our previously undernourished,
lethargic athletic spirit has finally taken some sort of a pep

pill and come to life both in

the student body and in the

administration? Whatever it is, we won’t ask questions,
but enthusiastically keep a keen eye on the progress and

hope and root for more.

The first thing we notice this year, by cleverly looking
at our ever swelling student tax, is the acquISition of the
Armory for our home basketball games. This affords three

main advantages.

First Of all,

it will allow more spectators

to attend the games (picture not having to sit on a 30 foot
pile of coats, behind a pole, or packed like the proverbial
sardine) and can you imagine what a Size “North End

we could come up with this year.

Secondly, State will be

able to face better known teams who previously feared our
power in diminutive Page Gym, and thirdly the Feds Will

be better prepared to play on
er on road trips.

the big courts they encount—

It looks like weekday afternoon soccer games are on

their way out—we hope!

A week or so ago. our first game

under the stars probably drew more spectators than all the

weekday afternoon games in
gether.

the past several years put to—
Thc soccer teams that are being developed here at

State deserve the attention that night games will afford
the students the chance to give them.

No. that’s not an archeological excavation on Vet's
Field. it‘s actually a new baseball diamond. That‘s right.
next year you won‘t have to walk to outer Albania to see
our Varsity nine play our good old National sport; and With
the appearance of outfield fences it looks as 11 Coach Bur-
lingame is going to have a hard time finding any singles

hitters.

With the ever increasing population here at State.
with the coming of the new campus. it seems imperative
that our athletic plant expand before it gets trampled in

the move to big school status.

The above mentioned im—

provements are a good sign that it won't get left behind.
it is the hope of' this column that the Athletic Depart-

ment will keep tip the good
body will keep supporting ll.

 

Cross—Country

try outs.
that

there will be a t‘ross t‘ountry team

liuc increase in

Mr .\lunsey has

to an
announced

The regular si/.e team
for cross country is seven At the
present there are six members on
the squad 'l'his shortage could
become iiiiportaut during the
mccts since only the first five men
are scored if an extra man could
spread the opposition by one place,
the score for State would be no
proved

this year

'l'he six Statesmeii who have
conu- out for the team are' ’I‘om
ltobiiisou, llarry Kenyon, .liin Slcii

kcr. liill ISronson. f'rcsliiiicn. l’aul
lloraii. sophomore. Kcn .lewctt,
Junior

.\tfciiipts are lit'llil’ made to or
l'itllL'l' iiiccls \tllll otlici'
Albany

:i'lltiiils 1|]

 

 

 

“Watch and Jewelry ltepair

WELCOME NEW AND
OLD STUDENTS
'l't)

Harold Finkle

"YUI'II .II'III'I‘JIJ'III”
207 Central Avenue
ALBANY, N. Y.

at Special Rates”

 

 

Work. and that the student.

Sports Shorts

Vl'llt‘
state ('ollege News l‘i“..’]‘i"\ that ll

sports department of lllt

made an error in last weeks t'tlt
Hull. and would. at this lime. like
to giie .loliii l.ilga credit for the
goal he scored in the Albany State
lit‘flt'St'ii soccer giiiie . . We
understand that there is .i group of
ex Varsity basketball players who
are ltltllllliltL', on entering a new
team in the .r\.\ll.4\ basketball Lea
guc; they are going to t'llI lliciii
selves “lios s .los" . It has
also been brought to our altciitioii
that ('oacli tiarcia seems to be hav
mg more luck at coaching his soc
cer team than he is at playing
"Hearts" on the away trips
Sports question of the neck, Are
some football i'i-frces blind and
couscii-nccless in big “nines, or
aic they always that way " "

L It. BALFDUR

Fraternity Jewelry
Badges, Steins, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, Program:

Club Pins, Kev: ‘

Medals, 'I‘rophiea 

UNIVERSITY v.0. BLDG
I'll Marshall Street

Byruuu to. New York

on s-nm

 

Carl Sorensen, Mgr.

 

 

 

I

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 196]

 

 

PAGE 7

 

State Booters Blast Plattshurgh In Homecoming Game

 

  
    

In This Corner -- -

By BOB DAVIES

   
  

Edwin Seimon One familiar
is at present the face has been
highest scoring missing from

man on the l’ed
squad. He has
averaged t w o
goals a game

the Pen lineup
in the recent
games. that of
' V. (‘apt a in lCd.

 for six games lh‘oomf’ield. Ed
Seimon totaling twelve Broomfield was injured in

the game with Potsdam. and has
this year. and he should prove to not seen action since then. He is
be one of the most valuable men eycipnonally strong on the de—
ou the l’cd squad in the years to f‘citse and his absence will be felt
come. lie is very aggressive on \ ell throughout the team.

if'f'eiisive and defense, giving the ' ‘ w :2.“ ()ne of the

boots. lurwin is only a Sophomore

   
 
  

  

opposition plenty of trouble in both MM '; [most improved
“INT-‘3 A g a " 't men on the suc-
.t y - ' I K a r! IIt‘lle. f»  cer squad has
. (l e r s t e n- l. ., ,3}, been Junior,
0 , , lii‘l‘th'i‘, one (if ‘ '7’ l’llll Shaw. “0
 the l’cd‘s ’l‘riv % V has scored five
34“ captains. is one goals in the past
'“‘ a of the binding Shaw two games. iwo
 tut-tor. in mi» against l’lattsburgh and three
1"! -‘ highly sin-(.055. against .\e\v l‘altl. l’hil should
Gerstenberger fiil Stale sheet-y prove to be one of the strong men
squad. Karl has many years of “it lllt‘ l't‘tl ll'illtt.
good, strong experience behind l"i‘an7. Zyvickl-

"a" batter in one of
u" the strong l’cd
‘ defense men. He
has done a ter-

llllll, which must be taken into ac-

count by any opponent. liespite

other conflicting interest. K a rl

coiisistciitly plays a very fine rific iob as full—
brand of ball. He is right on the _V llil (' llt'ildll‘rl
iccls of tcaiuiiiate I‘:l‘\\'l|l Sciiiian ’zwic’idbuucr Miglfllfml‘llz‘ﬁr'of
for the most goals scored. Karl 5m”. m, mm “(,1 WOW”, 2,” M,

has eleyeii lo I‘.l‘\’t‘lllS twelve. t:\u~ chlmpi “1 Hm mm. hm MW. 1”
other home-run derby. anyoiic‘.’i present a like article in the future.

BRAINS OB FRHWN,

 

 

 

 

EQUIPMENT

COUNTS

Whether you’re planning to be a star quarterback
or a top scholar (or both!), you’ll need the proper
supplies.

 

GYM SUITS

The Co-op

Peds Take 6th
From New Pa/fz

l’hil Shaw and Karl lleinz (ters-
tenberger. with three goals apiece.
powered the State soccer team to
a 7-1 victory over New l’altz last
Wednesday. This was the sixth
straight win for the l’eds (fifth in
conference playi‘ who are beginn-
ing to get that "undefeated season“
gleam in their eyes.

While winning games like their
going out of style. the team also
has a little side contest underway.
not unlike the .\l&.\l dual of yester-
year. ()iin in State‘s
S & it who are going at it.

case it‘s

S is for Sicinoii, ltlrwin Sieinoii.
Scoring 13 goals in his first six
games. ilie golueii-foofcl Sopli has
performed magnificently this year.
and is fast closing in on the State
record of H goals in a single sea-
son.

(i. of course. is for (ici‘stciiliel‘g
er. Karl lleiir/.. l'iilil a week ago.
it appeared that Siemoii was con
ducting a one man assault on the
record. But then Karl ll. began to
get hot. and llflS scored seven goals
in his last two games! to up his
total to 11.

Like Gerstenberger. l’hil Shaw
has been haying a gay time in his
last two games. scoring a total of
five goals. t'onsidcring he never
scored before last Saturday, State
has a real triple threat going for

 

GIRLS!

ARE
NOW

 

 

 

Rack 4th Conference Win;
Gerstenberger Scores 4;
Team to Face Oswego Sat.

This past Saturday. neither driving rain nor chilling
cold could daunt the varsity soccer standard bearers. This
weather and the freshman game earlier in the day made
the field slippery and sloppy. However, we were seemingly
unbothered by it as we rolled to a 7—0 victory over Platts-
burg. State had complete control from beginning to end.

Our scoring punch was performing like a well oiled
machine. Erwin Seimon scored two quick goals giving us
a 2-0 lead and uping his season total to 11. Karl Heinz
Gerstenberger and Phil Shaw, a newcomer to the scoring
column. each scored a goal handing our colorbearers a
4—0 lead at the end of the quarter. Gerstenberger scored
the only goal of the second quarter giving us the half time
lead of 5—0.

Our defense. led by Gary Penfield as goalie. contained
Plattsburg‘s scoring punch and held them scoreless
throughout the game. This is the second unscored game
in a row.

In the second half, the Feds continued to roll in high
gear. Gerstenberger connected for two more goals in the
third quarter. making the score 7-0 at the end of the third
quarter. His fourth goal tied Erwin Seimon for the season
record. The State all-time record is also four goals for one
game. Shaw added another goal in the fourth quarter
giving us the game victory, 8-0. This was our fifth victory
of the season and our fourth in the conference.

Despite the lousy weather, there were several staunch
supporters. These cheerers illustrated the true spirit of
State College. In the future, as long as the weather per-
mits. supporters should be more numerous. However,
Coach Garcia was glad that there were at least some sup-
porters for this Homecoming game.

Coach Garcia had several comments about tomororw's
away game with Oswego. “Oswego will be one of the
toughest games this season. This game is their Home-
coming game and as always the team will be ‘up’ for it.
The rivalry between this school and theirs has always been
very keen. The loser of this game has to provide a soc-
cer ball with the date and the score of the game. Plans
are being laid to have an annual trophy for the winner.
They are skilled and very efficient. Howevm‘, our team has
been playing like a team. They don‘t have any in-
dividualists. l have waited for a team like this for it years
and I think that they will be able to go far.“

 

‘

 

EIIASE WITHOUT A rI‘IIACE
()N EA'I‘UNB (IURRKSABLE BOND

Iloii't iiiccl your \\;itcrloo at the lypeiyi'itci' perfectly
tipcd papcis begin with litilliimtltlt‘l ion can rub otit
typing cii'ois \\|IIl just an oidiiiaiy pciicil ciasci'. It‘s
that simple to close without a frat c on (:oii'dnilile. Saws
tiiiic, tciiipci. aiiil iiioiiey‘l

(litf‘l'dhtlitlti iii

Ytllll' i‘liiili'i' (II.

 
 
  

 

light, medium, licavy weights and
Union Skin in handy Illtl-
sheet paclvcfs and Silthhcel
makes

lioycs. (liin Ifaton

(:oi'i‘ti-altlc.
A Iicrkshii'c 'I‘y‘pewriter Paper

uh

I‘IA'I'UN I'AI'I‘JIl (IUIII’UIIA'I‘IUN {E'} I’I'I‘TSFIELD, MASS.

 

 

