PAGE 6

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1962

Frosh Nine Scores 2 Wins, Sig Alph Cops

Beats Hudson 8-2 Tuesday Basketball Tit/e;

State’s Frosh baseball team avenged its opening day
defeat and recorded its second victoty last Tuesday, shel-

lacking Hudson Valley 8-2.

In their season’s debut last

Friday, the Peds were bombed by Hudson 8-1. The follow—
ing Tuesday the Frosh rebounded to take the measure of

Cobleskill 9-6.

Biting cold winds greeted the Frosh in Tuesday’s home

opener. and only a half dozen State

fans saw the game.
Kimball Pitches Well

Dick Kimball went the distance
for State in this one-sided contest.
giving up only five hits while strik-
ing out seven in the seven inning
game. Only one of the tw0 runs
scored against him was earned.

In contrast to Kimball’s route-
going effort, three litidson pitch-
ers were massaged by the State
batsmen. The Peds first tallied two
runs in the second frame.

Joe Odorozzini and Al Welcome
started the inning off with walks.
But Odorozzini then missed the
double-steal sign. and the Peds
cleverly found themselves with
two men on second. “Odor” was
eventually nailed. but the Frosh
wound up pulling a double steal
anyway after Joe Mazzurulli walk-
ed. As things turned out. they
could have saved the effort, as
Rick Genero now walked to load
the bases.

It was now At Drake's turn. But
instead of walking. he proceeded
to drill a single tip the middle to
drive in two rims and put State

AMIA Softball.

 

ahead for keeps.
Big Third Inning

The Frosh followed in the third
with a big five-run inning that
iced the gatne. Thirteen Peds came
to bat. This is the way it went:

Don .\lc(iuerin walked and stole
second. "Frcnehy" LeBleau beat
out an infield hit. Then he stole
second, and McGuerin took home.

()dorozzini walked Welcome
grounded to first, but the runners
advanced. And then in a beauti-
fully executcd “suicide squeeze"
Joe Mazzurulli laid a bunt past
the tin-rushing pitcher, and Le-
Bleau scored.

(lenero walked. Drake came up
with the bases loaded for the
second time. and tallied his third
RBI of the day by walking

Kimball now put, the clincher
on his own cause by singling to
right, and driving in twu more
runs.

Mike Putncy walked. Mt‘(ill(‘l‘lll
struck out. Lelileau popped up to
end the inning.

The Feds are slated to play the
rubber match thll lludson tomor-
row on \’ets Field.

Awards N ife Set

By Margie Tucker

Those “Red Chi Sig Gunners"
were finally forced to bow to the
Sig Alph basketball team on April
18th in one of the most thrilling
games of the season. Leading this
30-9 victory for Sig Alph were:
('at‘ol Gillespie, captain, Bev Blen-
coe, Priscilla Putnam, Annette
lteri'oii. Patricia McDowell, Judy
Strong, and Linda llammon. ln
an interview, Chi Sig (‘oach Valen-
tino said that the loss was mainly
due to illness on her forward team.
"llowcver my guards." she coni—
mended, “did an excellent and
superior job."

Awards Night

The annual WAA Awards Night
will be held on May 16th iii Bru-
baclier at 8 p. in. All girls are
welcomed to attend, particularly
those who have participated ltl
intramural sports this past year.
The purpose of this event is to
award individual as well as group
trophies. The following L'Ullllllll~
fees were chosen: Invitations and
Programs —— Carol Gillespie and
Judy Strong; Awards Certificates
~~t‘arol Ann Klossner aiid Bolib.
l‘lvansberg; Flowcrs~Monica Cau-
t'ield; Refreshments—Jan Wathier:
l'Intertaiiiment~Carol Darby and
Margie Tucker.

Late Potter Club Rally Sinks APA 14-6

M It 81' Hi A0: L' E

Potter—APA: Joe Lotidis broke
tip an exciting battle with a grand
slam hoini-run. his second of the
day. it] a 7run iith inning for l’oi
lct’, Sen-rat other l’o‘itcrincn dro\c
homers. and \like ti'oldstr-in con
ncctcd w.th it man on base to
give .\l'\ a temporary firl lead
I‘otter our on to tic and pull
away to a ti-ti victory. ’f'oni fiyon

gave a Liooil game and took the
victory. flab l’ollero was the los-

ing pitcher.

Goobers—Watci'bury: l'Id tren.
nan pitched the season's first no
hitter, while his teammates reach-
ed Dick \‘l’olf for it! hits and 20
runs. "'l‘iiffy' gave tip the lone
run on two walks and an error

The snow li‘lit‘t' was a target many
times.

SI.S~—.\l’ \: This was a heart
breaker for losing pitcher ltzll
[forth 1' The red hcailcd hurler

had a fit! no letter going iintil Sits
rallied for it runs in the till tiiniii:

ltob ltitin's c.rcnii clout was tltc
clincher, stun: ltoh t‘alitiicra a
victory, The final M'fll't' \\'il\ Sit}

I’U’l"l‘l-llt'—l\'lt: 'l'hc ('lub had no
trouble l.'l :th contest, e\cntnally
winning 21H Hcicn times I’otlcl'r
tltt'll connected for hoiticruns with
.‘il t'liicka collecting fun for lllltt
self 'f'oin Lion took the \'lt'ltil‘_\.
and lion l\'o.~fick the defeat

HIS—(foobcrs: The
bats of SliS toticlicd la'd
for 1:? runs in the tilt

('X[)lil\l\t‘
ltrcnncti
ltltllllL'. to

rucn AWAY TYPING ERRORS
WITH wsr AN ORDINARY
PENCIL ERASERi

ERASABLE TYPEWRITER PAPER

 

nullify an Mt lead by the “(His
'l'he (timbers got is more runs, but
lion ttrnol took home the victor)
SECOND I.IC:\(il'lC

tif~2l’ st'iil't‘tl sonic clutch l'llIl\ in
hi- stxth inning to defeat 'I'Xtt
lti lit 'l'th then took it tight gutnc
l‘l'tllll Kli, lll-lK .\l'.‘\ lost its first
game to TX”. lit t.

 

Touching All
Bases

By DAVE JENKS
More Fun With The Ballteam

The baseball season really got off to a swinging start
this weekend (catch that clever little pun). Besides the
usual errors, left-handed midgets hitting home runs, balls
taking nice high hops of the firm, smooth, well packed in-
field, umpires blocking home plate, and rifle-armed State
firstbasemen, nothing too unusual happened.

We do believe, however, that the Plattsburin first base—
man should have received some sort of medal for bravery,
The poor fellow was diving all over the place for the not so
accurately thrown balls from his teammates, not to men-
tion getting hit in the back by a pitch, and getting nailed in
the foot by a double play throw from his own second base—
man while he (the poor first sacked) was laying flat on his
back in the baseline. And if you think that isn‘t an ac—
complishment . . .

Speaking of colorful ballplayers, we‘ve been known
to produce a few of our own. J. R. Pavclka honed in with
the outstanding “yea—me" play of the day when he roared
over home plate from third after a wild pitch, and pro—
ceeded to lead and direct his own cheering section. A few
seconds later, he calmly turned around on the bench and
quizically asked ,“You guys know who’s one “heck” of a
good ballplayer'?? (not directly quoted, after all, would a
hard nosed catcher use a flat, stale, unimaginative word
like ballplayer)

“No, who?‘?” we asked wonderingly.

“Me! ! " Oh well, who needs a cheering section.

The Sports Staff Goofs Again

Jeepers, I'm sorry, I didn't mean . . . but. well . . er . . .
I didn‘t know . . . ah, you see. . . . and any way I just thought
. . . Oh nutslf please accept my sincere apologies. Duringl
this past year, we lowly ones of the SCN sports department
have been committing a deep, unheard of sin. We have
been 'alling the piece of well used, windswept land on the
west side of Partridge Street and the south side (if Washing
ton Avenue Vet‘s Field, when, as we were informed. its ic—
tunl catchy sounding name is the College Playing Field So
from now on it will hear this cool label, and please humor
as if we ever again make the fatal slip of calling it
oops! we almost did it; again.

 

Speaking of the College Playing Field. some .)f i|Jlt‘
have been asking us why it is that there are more sitiil'l\
enthusiasts there after .0 o'clock than during the .iitir

noon ball games and tennis iiitttclics.

 

“It’s called Chesterfield : l

 

l(f\l.\lvl If \i

...and it’s _l_(_i_i_ig Size.”  (a, t

 

21 GREAT 'I‘OBACCOS MAKE 20 WONDERFUL SMOKES!
AGED MILOLPLENDEO MILD not {dream Mite rrTiiestAiisrv

   

 

.\ .U
4‘. 3“.M...M

\.

Aux,

~w‘_

g».

 

STATE COLLEGE NltWS, FRIDAY, MAY 4. 1962

VarSity Nine Sweep 3 Games

PAGE 7

in lst Home Stand!

Beat Potsdam 14-9 Behind 12 Hit Attack,-
Take Double-Header From Plattsburg Sat.

By I‘ll) RIC")
'il.. varsity nine opened their
first 1962 home game with a bang
las' Friday against l’otsdaiii. .\

llltil“ vii-scriptive term would be
how. its the l’cds rapped oiil
tuc‘ri ill". three doubles and a
trill"

'llac lzi‘s‘ inning. which. incident-
.il.) i.t“"ll 5.", minutes. was action
i'iclutl If‘ it total of eleven runs

to \ .wl the plate. l’olsdtiiii toiich~
("l l) \ncchco for It runs on 5 hits

ii: ‘:i first. while the l‘cils came
roiiriti‘.‘ back with :'i of their own.

lat-tic batters walked to the
pla‘v for Albany in that wild and

wool.) first stanza, and eight Peds
i't’owt'tl the plate. three of them as
a result of two passed halls and a
wild pitch After this. the game
settled down more or less (who had
an} energy |eft'.’).

The longest hit of the day was a
triple by catcher Pavclko in the
seventh lt'Angclico. ('aiiiarata and
t'arroll each sluggcd doubles. Dick
,\l;in:. iontinucd his consistent hit-
ini: with three singles.

'l‘hi winning pitcher. \‘ito D'An-
:l'llt‘ii Hit. gave up it runs on 13
llll> while the losing hurlcr, De-

tlirew four complete in-
giving up lit runs on to hits.
7' innings. with the

\llillf“
r!t.. s.
\' tlic ctid of

st'ill‘l' lift, the game was called be-
cause of darkness.

Play Double-Header
literally

t‘ :ittshurg blew into

  

_.;.M~WEM- ' 1.

’N‘tUlO' llh'l Sllfll’l lt‘tiy lrnetl Jacket
printed with rows of authentic lilo lifltl‘,

town for a doubleheader on Sat-
urday The (‘ards broke the ice
first as the second hatter got wood
in an inside curve and (how it
i)‘.‘t r the right field fcncc.

In the bottom half of the first.
Slici'h'in reached first on an error.
and Mann advanced him to third
with it single. llolll died on base.

l’lattsbut'gh tallied it e n i it ill
the third as the pitcher. Burnt-ll,
led off with a walk. stole second.
and advanced to third on it passed
hall He scored on a single The
("irilntals seemed to be out of
rent it as the l’cds could only come
up wi'li one run in the fourth after
Mann and ('urroll walked and l’av~
clkii reached on a ficlder's choice
and a iniscuc.

Lightening struck. however. iii
the bottom of the sixth. Willi l’latts-
burgh up 2-1, t‘ai‘roll led off with a
single and (‘amarata followed stilt.
l’avclka was called out after his
two-strike limit attempt went foul.
l)'.»\ngclico, batting for Smith, sin-
gled to drive iii two runs. Weeks
struck out and Thorpe walked.

With two oiil and two on l’cn-
field singled to drive in two more
runs. l'etif'ielil eventually scored
after two errors. The t’eds got :3
runs on 4 hits in the bottom of the
sixth. l’lattshurgh couldn’t come tip
with 2i liit iii their half of the scv~
"nth. and Albany woii ti-B

 
  

MMOlO' Kl Y WISI ll‘lly Illicit Mikel in
mango and green tllll" toinbiniiliow.
woven of nil-ltjutt-lf Zili' iotton SH ‘t‘

$3 'tfi Hawaiian tot trunks S‘i ‘l'i llolh
i‘ ltttt ; cotton in t,Ultll'i of oninne learned Willi Hartman tot I.(lll0ll lllllih‘i
,'ei-ii at blue on hllllf‘ h 'l'i
.l i I t
i .
,flt,
iiiylili-ii llll' in l'llllf' sci lil' iii liiilltftlil >\‘.iti.\\i-;ti |.‘t:llli[
A: illi ‘.‘ l1.l'ltlif|ll . . . l[1|.1l.lltlt‘|"l tn i'oii,ti llflil 'i -

slopes
toil lldtlcf length (tutti pants if ‘Jli Vrl

low in icil tuuiltiuiitions uf scannilh,

l ill) “in, cotton

lit/\NSI’N tllli sets and in liflltl tlllul and
flame lineil pullover Vi 'J'i atop

     

MAlOlf)"

with embossed. aulliciitii lilo head on pi.
dilll liuiilis $8 95) Hawaiian ltttflli‘, W 'i'i
ftolh of cotton in tUlUl‘i of lldlulﬂl yt‘l
few. tit-rile! in blue

. til
i. Catalina, inc, L05 Augefes, Calif, Another f inc Bios. Kaysei Hoiii f'iodtnt

MAI UlU' Mlll.‘.llll'lvl/\N handed mitt hold

Thorpe Winning Pitcher

.loc Thorpe, in winning his first
game for State. pitched fine hall
after the home run iii the first
(loin: all the way, .loc struck out
eight. while giving up only three
free passes. l’lattsburgh scored
twice on five hits.

 

The Polls garnered four of their
six hits in the sivth inning.

Albany wasted no time in taking
the lead in the second game. In the
first inning, l’cnf'ielil. who eventir
ally scored. walked. (‘arroll, ('anv
:iratii atid Dick Mann also drew
walks. The run came on a iiiisciic
by the catcher. The game then set-
tled down to a pitchers” duel.

l’lattsburgh scored in the top of
the sixth to knot the game. (lary
Smith walloped a towering triple
with two on to win the gatiie.

Buzz Weeks, the third State hurl
er to go the route in three days.
gave up oiin one run on four hits

Varsity Tennis Team Splits First Matches;
Bows to Potsdam But Tops Plattsburg 7-2

State‘s Varsity tennis squad had the opener of its 1962 campaign spoiled last Friday,
as a determined Potsdam team won 5-4. The Fed racquetmen came back strong the next
day, however, taking an out—manned Plattsburgh squad for a 7»2 ride. I

Injuries to key players Dave Baum and Paul Erickson had a great deal to do With the
Potsdam defeat. Baum, the Peds‘ number one man, played both his singles match and
the number one doubles match with a badly blistered hand. Erickson, State‘s number
two man, was forced to play his singles match with a badly
blistered foot.

l’otsdani Sweeps First Three Singles

Potsdam swept the first three singles and the first two
doubles matches to cop the match. Baum was beaten by
lton Diiichart 4-6. 1-6, while Erickson bowed to Dave Ille
7—9. Hi. Bob Seaman dropped his match to Gus Baxter 1—6,
d8. but Joe Mentili was able to top Lyle Green 6-1. 6-2 for
the Pcds‘ first singles win. John Sturtevant topped Dave
Denny 6-1. (5—2, and John Barthelines took the measure
of Pctc Btii'vcnich 6-4. 5-7.  to give State its other two
.iiigles victories

hi the doubles matches, Baum and Barthelmcs lost to
Dineliart and life 5-7, 2—6, and the duct of Erickson and
Sciiiiizin was beaten by lturvcnicli and Baxter 3—6, 1-6. Stur—
imiiiit and Mciitil‘i registered the only State donbles tri-
iinpli. topping Green and Denny (5-3, 6-1.

  

Pitcher Joe Thorpe aids own cause by lashing hit to left in first
game of doubleheader with Plattsburgh Saturday. Peds took both
ends of double-header.

State 'l‘roiiiiccs I’lattsburgh

Saturday \ ’t s a far different story, how/ever, as the Peds
recovered to trounce Plattsburgh 7-2. State took five of the
singles. and two of the doubles matches, to register the one—
.sidcd victory.

in the singles department. Baton rolled over Mert
Sclnillicrt (5-1, (5—2, but Erickson lost to Kent Walker 3-6,
7-5. HS. in a hard-fought match, Barthelincs topped Craig

fii‘lf’W‘lKlli Slitll’l launches l)l|ll|¢lfl(.l! in
hit. tnth) of navy/veil anti homo/yellow
f.i,lto:i lllillf‘f $8 ‘lb (wet Hawaiian lllill'n‘.
S/ ‘l‘i Cullen and iiiltbei Stiltiili‘ iii: loot
I'lllll'. iii ‘lh

  I 

l ‘l "W  [MI Seni'les (3—2, (5-4, and Seaman poisoned Ray Weed 6-1, 6-0.

,, lVlcntih and Sturtevant rounded out the Peds’ domination

H ' ‘V l it of the singles, respectively beating Pete Quackenbush 7-5,
it  .v :enmn c i ‘- if Heft, and Jim Boyd fi-(l, 8-(5.

State continued the romp in the doubles. as the combo
of Baum and Barthelmcs ground out a (5-2. 2—6, 6-1 win over
Schulbcrt and Seat'les. Erickson and Seaman topped Walk-
er and Boyd (3-4, (3-4. but, Sturtevant and Meiitih wore best-
ed by Quackcnbush and I"l(‘llt‘ll (5-4, 5-7. 4—6.

KtH'qllt‘lnll‘ll li‘ucc St. Peter‘s 'l‘odtiy

’I‘lic State rnctitictiiicit are slated to play two matches
this weekend. Today the l’cds take oii St, Peter's at home
on lllt' College Playing Field. ’l‘omori'ow they travel north
for it return match with l’ltittsbtirgli

SUMMER COVERAGE

Under Student Medical Insurance
Jttllc to, 1962 to Sept. if), 1962

3 Months Protection Only $7.50
Write or (Jail

ART KAPNER

‘75 State Street

  

 

tiiiii lll while iialnial pewtci |tl oat,
WIIILIthIlly tathcl of cotton l;le li’ ‘i‘i
ltawatnin length liistirx tuid lint-ts of
JfL’ldll) tollun and iulibui 5b 9‘:
lealiilcil tUlUI

ll() 5-[471

 

 

 

 

