, .. _.. "hem-«M .— .-..-~._~.,.~.-.~Wr

r~ wwmmw

PAGE 6

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER IQ I962

 

Unsuccessful Frosh Booters All -stars Topple Potter 6-0
ShowedSteadY lml’rOVement First EE P Club loss in Years

by Dick Pauli:

A tough schedule coupled with a
lack of experience on the part of
many players ledto adisappointing
0-8 season for the freshman soc-
cer team.

Though the team had its first all
losing season in four years, it
should be noted that the team
played quite well against tough
competition such as North Adams
and 0 range County Community
College. Against the former the
team had to be up against what
amounted to a Varsity team as
some of their players had played
against the freshmen team of four
years ago; and Orange County has
been one of the best two year col—
lege teams in the east for the past
couple of years.

Coach Burlingame felt, however,
that the team had made great im—
provement since the beginning of
the year, especially in view of the
fact that most of the team had lit—
tle or no previous experience.

Guddot Outstanding

The team’s best player through-
out the season was, withouta doubt,
George Guddat. George, who often
found himself playing different
positions throughout a game, was
the leading scorer on the team with
five goals; he was also one of the
team’s best defensive players.
Others who showed up well included
Jake Ndimbo, who played steadily

 4V

@llllD refreshes our tast

© it” I. I. Reynold- Tobuco Comprny, Wlnuon-ilulom, N. c.

o menthol fresh 0 rich tobacco taste a modern filter. too

all year at right wing; Tom Jones,
the other wing, and who had no
previous experience; and Larry
Hurly, who played well at fullback
during the year.

The team’s main problem during
the course of the year was a lack
of any consistency, especially on
the part of the forward line. Too
often the line would lose control
of the ball while attacking the other
team’s goal and it was usually
unable to mount a continuous
pressing attack upon the other
goalie; the forwards were also
guilty of not checking closely or
hard enough (at times) while on
defense, which enabled the oppos-
ing team to get a jump on the
defense. Also, because of thislack
of control, the defense was pres-
sured more than it should have
been, as an opposing team was
able to mount apressingattackup-
on the State goal. This continuous
pressure caused breakdowns in the
defense and led to scores for the
opposition.

Though the team suffered
through a disastrous season, it is
hoped that the experience gained
by the players will be able to be
put to good use in the future as
members of the Albany State var—
sity team; it will be especially
interesting to see how George Gud—
dat fares during the comingyears.
All should be of some help to future
State teams.

,..

‘ n”,

You'll smoke with a fresh enthusiasm
when you discover the cool “air-softened"taste of Salem

‘ Springtime “softnes

by Lewis Bowman

It took a really fine team and a bad day, but Potter Club has finally been beaten

in A.M.I.A. football.

Sunday afternoon on a still—slippery College Field, the

A.M.I.A. All-Stars turned the trick by a 6-0 score. A big factor in the defeat of
E.E.P., however, was the fact that they played without the services of quarterback
Mike Camarata, voted the league’s top signal-caller for three years in a row, and

 

Could lie tense! Potter has ball on All- Star six-
with seconds remaining.

 

s in every puff  ..

 

Vito D’Angelico, also tabbed for
All—Star honors this year. Dick
Moore did a fine job filling in,
with Ray \Veeks taking over late
in the game.

Potter’s downfall occurred in
the second quarter, though, as
A.P.A.’s Bob Strauber threw from
the 27 to the end zone, where
Goober Jim Olson grabbed the
ball after two Potter defenders
seemingly attempted to start a
volleyball game with it.

Both teams threatened on inter-
cepted passes and punts which fell
short in the stiff wind which
whipped the length of the field, but.
neither team was able to capitalize
on the breaks.

Final Period

Potter Club did mount the most
serious threat of the game in the
fading moments of the final period.
Taking the pigskin on the All—
Stars‘ 38 yard line, they controlled
it until, with seven seconds left to
play in the contest, they hndn first
down on an unnecessary roughness
penalty with the ball about two
inches from paydirt.

Potter‘s line, however, failcd to
keep out the All—Stars defenders,
and Weeks was nailed for a loss
as the game closed and several
fist—fights almost broke out.

The game was marked. as per
usual, but very unco-operative
weather, as a 40 wind swept the
field, which was already in bad
shape from Saturday’s rain. The
game was worked by one referee.

Snow Cancels
Girls’ Soccer
Championships

Snow has cndcd thc socccr scn~
son. The championship socccr
gnmc between l’si (inminn nnd
Sigma Alpha was cancelledbccnusc
of snow.

Ilobbic lirnnsburg :ind .\lnry
Lewis, niniingcrs of the voilcybnll
lcngucI nrc cxpccting n busy scu—
son, sincc sixteen groups hnvc
submittcd rostcrs. The first
games of thc rollcybnll lcngiic nrc
scheduled for November 37 nnd
Novcmbcr 29.

Although the vollcybnll scnson
should be an active one, the lib-
scncc of one of the largest wo—
mcn’s dorms will be noticed. Just
as in the soccer lcnguc, and ill
W .A.A. incctingi-i, thcrc:ircccrtnin
groups which nrc nctivc niid othcr
groups which :lrc rntlicrnpnthclic.

Just as in inniiy nctivitics .‘ll
Stnlc the bulk of lhc work is donc
by n lcw. \\.:\.n\. is no cxl-l-ption.
ltclntiwly lcw rcprcm-nlntivos to
\\.;\.A, do most of thc work, whilc
othcr nicrnbcrs sit complnccntly
:isidc. It is hopcd tlint lhc lurn~
out of tcnins for tlic vollcybnlt
lcnguc is an cxnniplc of now intcr-~
(:51.

 

noricr

\intcrbury Hill] has l'ttttellllylil.“
gun a series of ping pong tourna-
ments for residents of the dorm.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of each tournament.

Several Uiurnnments n re planned
for after 'l'liaiiksgiving. liicludedin
these will be n doubles tournament.
All residents who are interested,
are urged to sign up. For further
information, see Mnx Basset.

 

 

z

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEws, rnmar. lbvembor it, 1962 men 7

 

Harriers Close Year

With 5- l Record,-

by Mike Kolbe

State’s Cross-Country team put the lidon its second
season last week, Suffering its first defeatin five dual
meet starts. Still calling themselves a “club” State’s
Peds have not only downed all but one of their chal—
lengers but also have competed in two widely known
cross—country invitationals.

Among those schools to fall prey to State’s Peds
were Siena, bowing twice; Oneonta, Hudson Valley
C. C., and Plattsburgh. The only team to out-pace
State’s high—scoring Harriers was New l’altz. Run—
ning over every type of course and in all weather
conditions State’s X—Cers gained the respect of
most of their competitiors, and have racked up a
tremendous 8—1 dual meet record in just two short
years.

Two lnvitationals

The first of their two tastes ofbig—mrmt competition
was given State’s Harriers at the Le .\loync Invitational
meet at Syracuse. The field was tough, but the Peds
came through with flying colors; seventh place out of
nine starting schools and two records. The records
were set by the number one l’cd, Tom Robinson.

The Peds’ second taste had an international flavor.
After a tremendous performance at l.c .\onne Stntc’s
Peds were invited to run in thc. Canisius Invitational
meet at Buffalo. While they didn’t win or break any
records they did finish thirteenth in n ficld of twcnty—
one schools, which, in Coach .\ltiiiscy’s words, “is
very, very good for a team with only two ycars ex—
perience.”

State’s number one X—Ccr Tom Robinson holds an
8-0 record for two years. He as set a course record
at Siena which still stands. :tt Le .\loync Tom lcd a
pack of 72 runners over a 4.2 mile course in 20:29.4-
thus shattering both the meet and thc course rccords
by 86 and 40 seconds respectively.

Backing Tom up isa squadofsovcndctcrmincd own.
It was these Peds who took the meets for thc school.

The most improved lettcrman on lhc squad is liiLI
Bronson. Bill has become the nurnbcr thrcc man on
the team and has his eye on that nuinbcr two spot for
next year. Challenging Hill for that sccoiid spot will

be first—year man Dennis 'l‘uttlc. l)('lllllH, nftcr coming

out two weeks late, now holds thc llllllllit‘l‘ four spot.
Experiencad Squad Next Year

Next year State’s llnrricrs will how :i rcturning
squad of eleven expcricnccd runncrs. lit-turning third
year men will be: 'l‘om ltobiiison, Hill lironson and
Steve Doleski. They will bc bnckcd up by .-$t*t,'l)llll ycnr
men John Clark, l’ep l’ixzillo, licnnis 'l'uttlc, Hick
Sarnowski, Chuck .\lastrnngclo, (lily .\lclli‘idt‘, .\lIH'
Nickles and Paul llornn.

STATE
Sweat Shirts l:l

Raglan

Sleeve

Willlf
GRAY

NAVY

 

lllltflt

w co- or

Soccer Team Registers 4 -6 Season
As Peds DrOp Homecoming Finale

 

State ro-(optoin Ed Bloomfield dribbles ball
up field in HOWIOWHQ game Saturday.

 

by John Schneider

State’s soccer team closed its
1962 season on a sour note last
Saturday, dropping a 2-0 contest
to tough Brockport. A large Home-
coming crowd, its spirits not dam—
pened by rain earlier in the day,
witnessed the game.

With this final defeat, the Peds
finished their year with a 4-6
record. The team had a lot of
trouble toward the end of the year,
being shut out in its last two out—
ings.

This was the last collegiate ap—
pearance of five Ped seniors. They
:1 re co-captains IidBroornfield and
Gary Penfield. fullback Al Ciejka,
halfback Stu Nicholson, and left
wing Phil Shaw. Also playing his
last game for State waslastyear’s
most improved player, Dave Sch-
yer.

Commenting on the Season,
Coach Garcia stated that thc rec-
ord of the team was no indication
of the ability of the l’edbooters.
He also added that this was one of
the best teams he has ever coached.

Next year the soccer team looks
forward to a good season, with
returning lettcrmen forming the
nucleus of a solid team, and play—
ers off this year’s frosh team add—
ing to the squad's depth.

in Saturday’s season‘s finale,
the game was slowed considerably
by {1 Wet and muddy field.

The Eagles from Brockport tal-
lied their firstgoal with 17 minutes
of the first period gone. (in a fine
pass play right wing Andre Fon—
taine got past his defender, and
goalie l’enfield was all that re-
mained between him and the net.

Unfortunately f i c l d conditions
now took a hand, as I’enficld mis—
judged the slow—rolling ball, and
Fontnine flicked the ball past him
for the score.

For the next two periods, thc
l’ed booters tried hard to gain the
cqunlizer, but the slow field condi-
tions, and the tight lirockport de-
fense held them scoreless.

'l‘lic [Caglcs finally broke lllt‘

, . ind-rm‘f‘ 
.. ~aﬁm'ﬂim ’13-‘31.»

ll '3 's '
UnYO"e ball as the scramble ls light contest wide open midway

Peds were SllUl out by Brockporl 2-

Ped Bowling Team
Tied for3rd Place
In Capitol Keg Loop

\ilclc riniiicd Hudson \':llli'_\'
lcnin found lhcl‘olinnlnu loin-51o
llll'll‘ lilting \londny nighl, :is tllcy
took .‘I 5'. l .lccis'Ioii trolii Stiltc’s
\.ll'\.|l\' bou ici's, Iii-hind llll' tilnw
Ir bowling of vlllll \ipridvrc (3H),
.l‘l\' Iloinm-i (:31), nndlln-inn'Sclinl
Hill), ll.\. won llli' tii'~l gunn- ll\‘
ll?“ lllll‘v, it'll/Tilt},

llh' inch from Stnlc c-inic brick
~~li-:n.'_ ill lbc .\l‘t'llllll gnnic lo gnin
| ill lllll \r'lory, but ll,\. i'nllicd
Ill llic l'l l gniiic for :i \i-l‘)l l'lll>,l'
.i'.‘ lilll zuin. .‘H'llill'*‘ .‘liﬁl gnnic
proud to lll' lhc winning innrgin
'is. \[nlc wonc out on lllc short cnd

«il lllt' «'iritlll, {JUN-milll.

Giltlemun Leads Peds
I’m-ing lhc l‘cd counlcrnltnc

wcri- ,lllll hilllcinnnuilhn .‘iiifibuill
on ‘\ll‘.‘lll\' guincs of 17”, 17:3, nnd
lrl. l’nd licsiudln uilh l’l‘iT‘llll,
lll\i‘ ltocgni-r \\llli :l linc Lilli
gninc, and \l inibo \hllli lilo,
lit-spitc this wcck’s lllcuh, Stntc
still t'l‘llitllll‘w in third plncc in n
ll ll [iv with lludsoiﬂnllcy. l\c.\'t
\tci'lx’, «lilc In [Mr [llilt't‘ l'tllllltl sys~

ll‘lll, ‘\l:lli' \\lll ngnni bowl lhc incii
from Hudson \zillcy.

.\t ihc prcscnl timc, MM is the
lilit'lum'llt'l‘ in thc lcnguc, whilc
wit-nu l't‘llllllllh in sci-ond.

a through the final stanza, howm’ci‘,
as center forward John Wnrncr
blasted a rebound off the gun] post
into the nct. After that, lirock—
port wns :lblc to concentrate on
dclciisc. nnd stop the l’cds cold.

Now that the last daytime activities have ended on
College Field, we would like to commenton how sports
hnvc gotten off here nt State this year. We have only
one real comment — (Iood News!

Although our cross—country and soccer teams met
with mixed success this fall, we feel that the overall
inn-rest displayed in these teams was the bestin many
n ycnr.

lixnct nttcndnnce i‘ccol'ds aren’tavailableofcoursc,
but \vc’d be willing to bct our sports wheel that attend—
nl soccer games this year equaled the total of the
lust two Si'lth‘lillﬁ. 'l‘hc npp an ‘lelCG of the long—invaded
blccchcrs, and the two night gnmcs at lilcckcr,
su'cllcd the crowds. We welcome the idea of revolving
:1 ltivnlry event around :1 soccer game, and suggest
thc id-n be expanded to perhaps thc whole 5 énson.
Sonic real spirit was displayed at the Homecoming
(fame, as State really went modern with a PA system
nnd all that jazz. (in the whole the, despite their dis—
appointing 4~6 record, we feel 1962 was one of State’s
bcst soccer years ever.

interest was even generated in cross—country, For
lllt‘ first time in their two year history, State’s har—
ricrs ran before the eyes of Albany students. With a
first class outfit like this, we hope to have more op—
portunities to witness these fine runners in the future.

So we’ve got no kicks so far. We only hope that this
spirit continues, and our basketball and wrestling
teams get similar tr ailment.

 

