 

PAGE 2

More Experienced Senate A’NeedsTheory’

Scanning past issues of State College News, we have
observed that a new Senate has a great deal of trouble fit—
ting smoothly into the position of. Student Assocration
legislative body. Lack of experience is the key factor.

There seem to be several possible ways of circumvent»
ing this lack of experience. The most feasrble method is ,
the continuation of the old Senators in an active advrsory t
capacity so their complete term of office would not expire t

until several weeks after the new Senators take office. Of over and the rapid urban expan-
course their work would have to be in a non-voting capa- sm

city. Brit we cannot ignore the fact that personal contact l
is the fastest and most efficient way of disseminating
information.

by having the Senators volunteer their services outside SA
meetings. By actually attendingr the meetings they could
teach the new Senators not. only information about the

- ~ - . . ally talented because often they
main issues but also the prmcrples on which our govein~ mm fields with more professmml
ment Operates benefits. Instead, administrators

There are also films available on parliamentary proce— will fall back on candidates of ine-
In fact. there is actually diocre ability who choose teaching
cannot attend because it offers more opportunity

dure and student government.
no reason why uninformed Senators

proximately forty percent of the
college class of 1962. However, 175,-
. , 000 teachers of professional caliber
A less practical way oi dealing wrth the problem is w,” ho hard ,0 find

to recruit many of the academic-

some classes taught by selected individuals explaining SA than

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1962

For Teachers

By KENNETH BRADY

There are 1.4 million teachers in
be American public schools, about
wo percent of our labor force. Due
o the eight percent annual turn-

n. school boards will be forced
o hire 175,000 new teachers, ap-

Supcrintendcnts will not. be able

anything else they can do, or
in candidates who have tried an-

. . ( I
past, present, and future. The new SA government often other “PM W] haw mm m gum

fails to reach its attempted goals merely because it must
spend so much time picking up the threads dropped by the
previous government. .

There is still another solution. one with definite ad-
vantages and disadvantages. In effect.

SUCCESS.

Salary vs. Surroundings

l‘nfortunaiely. efforts to remedy

it WOUld be like this situation have concentrated on

creating a second portion of the legislature and would re- paying higher salaries instead of

quire constitutional amendment.

In his Sophomore year improving working conditions. A1-

a Senator-to—be could run for a Senator-at—large by his own though teachers are professionals,

preference. Students most interested in SA governme
would vie for these eight t?) spots which would last for tw
years. The students might examine their candidates a lit—
tle more closely if they were aware of the fact that the
candidates would be in office for two years.

Only with a realization of the precepts upon which our
studenthgovernment was founded and of the history oi the
current major issues can a student of. even great dedica-
tion and intelligence perform the duties of a Senator to
the best of his ability. The entire student body should be
aware that changf s must be made; interest in student gov-
er‘nment is more important. to the individual than it is to

the institu ion C'NB,

Perennial Parking Problems

Whatever happened to the rules and the system of
fines that were supposed to be enforced on the student.
parking lot? Ever since the lot was opened on Monday.
November 10, 1958, the same “solver” problems have con-
tinued to recur. The situation is virtually unbearable ior
any who arrive late or leave early. I

The snow plowing was only half done. Obvrously the
plow operators were in a hurry; but through their lacka-
daisical fashion of cleaning the lot. twenty to thirty car
spaces have been lost. . ‘

The situation is further complicated by the stupidity
bordering on genius 'which certain drivers exhibit w.ren
they jump out of their cars at the sidewalk and let them
roll to a stop wherever they may. I

The extra work may be rough on staff and committee

members, but someone has to be out there showing drivers ,,,,,r,.,,,,.,,,_\, \\',. “my a prufcssimml Will

how to park and insuring that entrance and exit routes

are maintained.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

ESTABLJSHED MAY 19l6
BY THE CLASS OF 1918
March L'. lfitl‘.‘ No. 3
I'm -- ....nit- Iii-'wspnprr o‘ :-S'a'r- I‘:.l.ml.l!v Honor u! Hi‘ Ii .t'luii ill Alluly.
p mini: ‘ ’ i'.’ ’lil‘ of “I- (“own .I-nr iv, ll.» Iii-um ii-i..: for Mr! li'irlﬂit.

\l \\H Iitl\llll \\Il SI \Il
l'fl)l'llilt IN f'llll'd'

 

 

/ I  l 0.1 ‘2 ‘.I ii. i.:: ..: 1"» i or

i. : li-i'iii Inill'oi

'  i‘ ,».iill' ,\2v.‘)Ul.l'l l'jxlllhr
it». i M! -:-.l A :.o< .ri't- I‘lniiini
l ‘1 3‘5.- ' t .‘\.-ll'll'l3 l‘iildol‘
14/' I t i r .i or A on .it l'ltll'oi‘
‘ -‘ *1 I'dil-Il‘ IU‘lill oii- lidl'or
iii , it. t.I -, ,-/\-i‘.‘l‘l"ls.ill; l-.d.ioi
-‘ i ‘.l I. it: .u'ioiwlﬁxr hump: I‘ltil’Ul‘
l l l ISpoils I'All'Ur
 i V v r t' l‘ o'o Ht'r'.ltl' Sit-vi l,t".li.t‘
iii. 1’ l.l‘li 4 (i.i ll 7. i. .'.l..i. i.,. I11. rots. l..:.i.‘.. M I‘oul, Kilil ls‘ydow, ll.ll

.‘i.:..' ll... t'ii..'..i. 1.. K ltoli .oi'o (,.i‘, :l..i‘..
IL. hillliili .i..t;ltt'.oris should in: oddin-nmi to cite "lilill moi U. list he slgio-il Nona-.5

will be withheld on request ’l'lii: Hi‘A'l‘id HULLHLK’.’ Nl'le-l  ill.IS no rennirAbiliLy
for Uiilltiullﬂ uxpi'eascd In its (illnilIIiII‘i oi lllllltllUllXJGLN-lh. us omi. smut-minim do not
iimusauril, iofmtiu it». vluwo

111, they are also employees who have
0 the same problems that others have A“ 1,: “)1- AT own I‘m," 'l'lll,:“l.'ll.)l'

in earning a living wage and de-
cent working conditions. S c h o o I
boards are often reluctant to allot
money for sick leave, pensions and
health insurance Secondly, few
teachers have real academic free-
dom: what they teach in the class-
room often depends on the syllabus,
a local "patriotic" group, or admiri-
istrative prejudices. Third, teach-
ers usually have no voice in select»
ing and dismissing their adminis—
trators or in promoting their col-
leagues; these decisions are for
the local politicians and superin-
tendents.

Under these circumstances, it is
obvious why the teaching profes-
sion is becoming permeated with
mediocre and uninterested indivi-
duals. rather than attracting the
gifted and devoted.

Professional Needs

What do we. as prospective
teachers. need and have a right to
expect from our profession? We
need a strong professional associ»
otion that encourages higher work-
ing conditions for teachers. We
need a professional association that
will prevent local school boards
from hiring incompetents who do
not comply with established rc-

associalion that strives to attain
full status for teaching. We need a
professional association that will
support us when administrators in-
lt-rfcrc With our leaching because
of local prejudices or economic
expediency. We need a professional
association that supports the prin-
t'||)lt' of equality of opportunity in
lhc appointment of teachers Most
of all. \ll‘ Ilt't'ti unity and ~Ircii.’,th.

\l'hul tun no do“ When we begin
our it'ni lllfl‘.‘ I‘lll'l'l'l‘, \vl' t'llll jolli ll
professional il~\tit‘l£llllill and Work
for its If we want progrev
in our we must strive

l'tilll‘i

pl'oll'ssloll.

for llllll\ and strength. 'l‘iicrc In
unity and ‘li'l‘llt'lll ill :1 stronger
prqu iouzil association.

 

LOOK FOR
STAID COLLEGE
GNUS

at

STATE FAIR

 

 

 

 

' ) . 4 ._ , .x it
“Sure, you can collie in. lcts illf tlIIfH‘Htl.

 

Common Slater

lly Sclilcifcr and Woodriiff

   

 

u

“It's the truth that hurts.'

your

llltllll')

l‘d'lt‘lltlS. llonians. ('ounlrymcn, lcnd S'I'A'l‘I-l I’Alll
\\'c'li probably spend our whole IllL‘lll throwing Siltllltlt‘S-ill lllllllt't'Il
n-nvt-ls we know, hilt you can '.'l" your llcll mother with a whipped cicnm
pic or break your Ice ll'y‘lllti lo limbo State l- or will fare well.

Watch for our (‘oiumon Simkcr \\'c It bc getting you
li.\ll, RAII. SIS BOO.“ llAlll V ‘

Although most of our money will be lit-rt- supporting Stnlc l'oir
our hearts and thoughts will be supporting our basketball team oi
(‘ortland We hope Albany is as well rcprcscnlcd as can be under the
circuinstinccs. Ilut for you that go. remember it is not the rowdicsi
school that wins respect. nor tournaments. t'llilt'l‘, After last wet-ks
exhibition (don't be proud of ill in the Armory everyone will be watch
in: “us.”

(Rood luck lo I)oc Sinicrs and his team
(llt.\(‘lt)l'S tlllICNIIJNS I

‘tiil could not have had n more bcaiitiiiil queen; beauty which if.
compasscd botli the “Wild and the face.

The chicken fights, the dancing on the top of thr- tables and lllt
"pretzel" bill all combined fora successful informal party. All wc cgm
say is “thanks” to Joan and Acc for the Wonderful \\'ccl\'cild.

Are We :ilinosl seniors so soon‘.’
l‘ll’l’l‘fllill’. (lli' l-‘l.‘\':\.\'(‘l.\l. liMllARASSMl-IN'I‘

If you plan ill the near future to changi- your ilt‘lltlr‘llllt' standout
from that of teacher preparation to lll)t'l'lll ni'ls, iirsl of all if would in»
\\‘lSl‘ for you to look iilio your pack pocket, or your purse . . .

Ilcnccforth uliyom- changing ill this manner will be pzlyiiii'
only the tuition for the hbt-rnl arts program but also l‘t'll‘tiilt'liy‘l' lillllldi
for the years which they were III a teacher preparation pi'ot'rnm

'l'his illliioii pi‘o;:i'11iii \l‘t‘IIIS to be getting more coiiipluolt-d .tm
fiii:incial cvci'y lllllt‘ ii is lll'tili'dll up

N.\(‘ll'[‘ .lll'SIt‘ .lll'SlK

Mozart and our Music licpnrtmcnt takt Z‘l‘t ni pridc ill pi‘cstnio.
lhc acslhctic bcauty' of illlhil' tonight (And we don't mcnii roll. h
roll ) l“tll' those of you \\llo are staying, hcrt- tor Sliitc fair and uh
it to acquire a little of the (‘lllllll't‘ you I'olllplilill \vt- ncycr hum
we suggest you lllii'lll cnloy tonight's concert iiur incully hn i:t!. :u
oihci' than standing at the lccicrn
'l'lll‘l END OF (it"l‘tllil'lll

UHF" Him“ 11 llllll' lllcl't- \lils it IitlllSl'Hlll'llilll” ‘t'lll‘tlllil'fl lo! [Hi
l""‘ 35’ \l'vf'll- ill“ 39‘1".“ HI (it‘iobci‘ were slow Ill zii'i'nint' and ditto oi‘
lo liI'IHL' about Finally, the 'Jillh of ticlohci‘ i~ lll'l'l' It is llIIS Hlliiilo»
\lill‘t'll l liltiB

Wt'ill llt' llit'l‘l' oil \it‘sli'l'll .\\l'
1' (ll? THIS WEEK

illi'.\ lil;'il |~ i'l sllllliliil Illllil l'i‘llti'"

[ili'

Will ytitl'

 

College Calendar

l'lllll.\Y, \l.\|l( ll 2

 

i no p in future ill' iionnld trio'r \mmals .'.|lll .t l‘u-l 11'“
\o l'llllli'l |',i l‘ l|.o
'f illltl ‘.l p Ill ll'li llllli 'liic llio :{t- at llli‘.” Iii" l’ ~53”
Holt p m. l' acuity (tiiltl‘ll i‘.t c llni
Hitlli p Ill. Al'A llllll‘ l'nily l.ii on o
S.\'l‘l'lllli\\'. MAIN II If
7 oil p Ill Si‘ilc l";lll'
’l'l'l‘lSl).\Y. MAIH'II it
it till pm l‘liigllsh l'lycning lit at l'ot-tiy iliu l.owti liounxi

lll'lllNl‘ISllAY, .\I.v\ll(‘ll 7

it :50 pm. Music (‘ouncil .lt-nn Ltd,“ “mm”. paw. “Ali

'l Ill'llSllAY, MAIH‘II ll

 

 

7.00 pm.

“"0 film: “The llcsl oi ICicrythmg"

 

r

 

 

l
r
1

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1962

PAGE 3

 

Summit Conference

(Continued from Page 1, Col 1,,
team. It was generally conceded
that football would not be feasible
until the change to the new campus.

Residence Council

llours was the main topic, but
the most significant thing to come
from the discussion was the state-
ment that the welfare of the stu-
dents is the college‘s responsibility
and this responsibility cannot be
delegated.

Prestige
The Confederation of Student
Government. US. .\'.Y. was the
first item in this area. Not too

much was brought to light save the
following. Albany is regarded high-
ly in the state system, and if we
crave prestige we must behave in
a prestige creating manner. From
here the discussion ran into the
problem of Public Relations.

Dr. (‘arrino stated that one of
the problems facing the college
was the lack of a large l’ublic Ile-
latons operation. It was noted that
the newly created Ministry of
t‘oniinunications might fulfill this
need. It was suggcucd that an
annual display of faculty work
(recently published books, etc.)
might be instituted in flawley Li-
brary. It was also mentioned that
the "Introduction to (‘ollcge" could
be valuable to freshmen if it were
started again.

Incentive Plan

Throw away liliisc slips, folks,
tiicy have no significance in a
tuition free school.

Student. Government

The shortcomings of SA govern-
mcni \lec the general topic and
for lack of space and in all justice
to the SA government. \Vt‘ feel that
next week Would be the proper
llllll‘ for discussion of this subject.

— Communications —

To the Editor:

I am writing this article as a
kind of retort to your last week’s
verbose communication which be-
gan: “Are there certain keys that
open the door to ll'Iyskania?” In
answer I saymno, not keys, but
rather a combination lock is on
the Alyskania “door;" the same
type lock which is on each “door”
to each organization in this school.
Different people know the "combin-
ations" to different locks.

Let me explain myself further.
“Senior” (probably a Would-be
.\lyskic himself from the sounds
of the letter) neglects a few prime
factors and shades most others.
Let‘s be realistic, "Senior." Sure

Board Announces

G rad uafe School

The loard of Trustees of the
University of the State of New
York announced I<‘cbi'uary 23 the
formal establishment of a State
l'niversity Graduate School of
Public Affairs at Albany.

'I‘iic progi'aiii of the new school
will expand the present (lraduatc
l‘rogram ill Public Administration
zidmimslcrt-d jointly for the past
fifteen years by Syracuse and New
York Universities in association
with State l'nivcrsity.

Major ilt'llVlllt‘x' of thc tlraduatc
School of l’ublic Affairs will be 1)
Programs leading to masters and
doctor‘s degrees in public iidniiir
istrolioii, political science anti Sill-
tistics; 2i Inst-rvicc training pro—
grams for Slate and local cm-
pont-cs; iii llcscai‘ch on problems
of Stali- and local L’_ii\'t'l'lllll('lll.

we can set up criteria for an office
—in fact there should be a firm set
of criteria in every voter‘s mind
at election time-—but who will en-
force the following of the criteria“?
In every single election in this
school, popularity plays a part. A
person will vote the way he wants
to no matter what the office. llare
is the person who will sit down
and analyze his ballot carefully be-
fore making a check. However, if
you really want criteria, “Senior,”
why not ti'y reading the SA Consti-

iution'.’ (available to all criteria-
sccking students in their haird-
books.) "’l‘he court shall be known

as Myskania, to be composed of 13
members who shall be recognized
for their ability to execute judicial
duties." So there‘s criteria :11, vote
for someone who can execute judi-
cial duties well. ’I‘oo vague? Well
let‘s consider the duties of Myska-
nia:

"i. To interpret the SA Con-
stitution." Criteria #2~votc for
someone who‘s a good interprcicl‘.
Not enough?

 To try all impeachment
cases." If you were being impeach-
cd, who Would you want to be tried
by".’

"ll. To act as a court appeal."
Who is most appealing to you?

“~l. To consider cases of unusual
nature.“ Who would you like to
consider your unusual nature?

"5. To asunie guardianship of the

I“l‘l‘.\llllliln class." I’m glad that
dilly L'tlllit' up. "Senior" states
some very impressive statistics

about how many Myskania mem-
bers are active in I’rosh (‘amp, Ri-
valry, etc. I hate to disillusion him,
but after a semester in Math lll

 

STATE OOLLEGE 00-0P

DEADLINE

For Ordering Commencement Announcements
and Name Cards for Graduation

MARCH 2

 

 

MARGH l and MARle 2
THURSDAY and FRIDAY

 

00

Of All Kinds

 

Co-op

Bought in Hall Outside

 

 

publication; it buys its own paper,
and rents its own duplicating ma-
chine. It is printed because a few
people are willing to sacrifice a
small amount of money and con-
siderable time.

I must state that these figures are
not valid—the percentages show
nothing. Not only do Myskaliia
members participate most in these
activities, so does the whole stu-
dent body. l’roportionally, Myska-

nia does not have an extremely ., . ,. .‘ . .
large. representation in the se bumnci’smn 1° 3 ,Qm' It COS,“
“Clasp you nothing. Take it, or leave ll.

if Senate is so concerned with stu-
dent publications, let it look to
those it pays for. If Senate is at
all coiicei‘ned with the student
mind, let it worry about “com-
placeney” and “conservatism” and
not about “radicalism”. Sheets like
suppression rarely appear unless
there is a need for them.
(Mrs.) Barbara .\‘I. Baker.

To the Editor:

In retrospect to the letter of “A
Senior” in the February 23 issue
of the State College News, point
four on “the correlation between
sorority and fraternity membership
and votes" deserves a little more

However. with respect to the
freshmen. i did find one point in
this article to gree with. I, too,
bclicvc freshmen should not vote
in the .llyskania election. Through
platforms anti speeches, fi‘osh can
judge for whom to vote in SA elec-
tions. iiowever, traditionally, in a
rally for example, Myskania nom-
inees cannot be questioned. Rea-
son'.’ "The student body should
know enough about them because
of their contributions of the last
2‘: years." From this very state-
ment, We can easily realize that
.llyskania is much what each year’s
I’cdagoguc refers to it as——“a non-

« u i ‘. . ii ' ~, I ‘ . H ‘

“Midi 1:“: limin'mdry' And N If the attention. "A Senior suggested
l - ~ \‘ u: x ,,

mm” M l ‘5 pnm”dm( l” "mm that a second "I should be added

whom they wish.

Another point. Please, "Senior,"
let us not be undemocratic! Mys-
kania used to be an entirely self-
pcrpctuaiing body, but considering
the causes of the War of Independ-
ence. etc. it inst had to change!
ilc realistic, “Senior.” liven if
Myskania did give “block” votes
or some other nonsense, people
would still find something to coin-
plain about.

"Scholarship should be consid-
cred." you state. It is. I‘Ivcry sin
glc Myskanio member has had a l"

to (EDI standing for indolent. Per-
traps the “1" added should stand
for independent. Unfortunately, the
article on what the SA. has done
for the student body appeared too
late to do any good. Or did it'.‘
How many (iDl's ilaVc the curl-
osity to pull open their school
paper? (in tire other hand, the
article on the SA. might have en-
couraged a few people who didn't
vote to do so.

Mr. Kelly's clct'iioll to Myskania
heartening to those of us for

3” “1 MN “m. smug-[pr he“. a, whom the "l" means independent.
gm“, The strong slipptll'l he received

"What is the correlation between ‘W‘W “‘31 “'alm'mly ‘5 “Oi an
wwrm and “mummy mummy. ultimate word to some members

on

ship and votes. you ask. I refer
you to ilichard Kelly. this year's
{\Iy'skania chairman. to l e c t e d
chairman by 12 Greeks!)

’l'hings similar to "Sciiior's" lct-
lei‘ arc said every year when the
student body finds out the Myskania
results. ilut. "Senior," don't worry
about "the ever-decreasing stand»
ards on our campus" and don‘t
waste time hoping that a "seat on
Myskania remains the prestige of-
fice it has been." The mere fact
that people like you bother worry-

of these organizations. .\Ir. Condo
'uni. while he deserves the post,
glarineg exposes which type )f
“I” is prcialcni among non-frater-
nal undergraduates at State. Mr.
t'oiidojani didn't need a platform
because no one had the ambition
or the support to run against him
Although the same situation was
present last year. there was a plat
form. Maybe this sneer in itself
will cause some of the indolents to
sit up arid take notice of effective
machine politics on campus.

int: every year only proves that the 'l‘hcrc is tiliL‘ last point that
ofi'icc is still WUI‘UI worrying 3W1“ mustn't be left unnoticed. How in-
SUG Byron '01 dependent, assuming lie is iride-

TO the Editor: pendent, is "A Senior” when he
doesn't sign his leiter‘.’ This let-

’I'hroughout my five years asso-
ciaiion with Albany State, I have
lic\cl‘ seen the value of sororities,
fraternities, or strident government.
It never occurred to me. however,
to try to pill any of these institu-
tions out of existence, or to joili
:1 group attempting to do so. I

I To the I'ltllltll'l
i'l'llli/l‘ti, quite young, that my H MW,” mi“ ,1 “Wm”, “1“in
needs and values :irc not ncccs ' ‘

, of sol'ls his~ occui'cd on th's " -
surily thc nccds and mines of v, i 1 mm
_ pus. lasscnimlly, the recent deluge
“\""v‘““" ‘4‘“ of horny m lltllll hi I
_ - . ' “2 15‘ ' -- I
ii I\ ilit'olll'l‘lvilliit' to mc that - ' ‘l “(Him
V ‘ V , lillSlll'tl its goal in that tile ci'catnc
pcopio, oi n ifillllp oi lit'tlilil', itlc so [‘1‘ ms 1 f H I I I

, ' l ‘ o ‘i t‘ ' )t‘tllt‘ l " “
iml'rou mmdcd that they ici-l thcli‘ 'mm” H I“ u I] I I‘iul “It”
‘ l l‘[ fl .\ l' I '. ' '
in“: d~ .‘tlul \dlilt'S lli'c lllll\‘t'l'*i;ll, illitl , l d” i \ i“. 11‘”
lllt'_\ han- tilkcii illc initiative to

lcr's purpose is well taken, but its
character is ruined by "A Senior’s"
lack of spirit. Many people might
infer that this message is a your
fate “sour grapes" expose

Fred ('lianibers.

that tiny apply to iiu- \‘Iilll'l' stir , .

ilt‘lll body \\llcii l lll'w' ill .ti'il lhiii lilllfiml“  plmluimmn “ H m lid
Iliclt- \lits .i '..'_I‘oll]i out to *illilill‘l'\\ ‘HIHHW

suppression. l l'ollliilll lll‘lh'H' 1' (‘i'ciilnlly is good on this campu:
\lhnl .1 sad (‘tillllllt'lllﬁll'fv UH 1"“ and should not bc sqiiclchcd llow

mind of these would llt‘ suppres-
l‘l\poslli‘c lo t'ollcgc is sup
poth to produce .‘in open llllllllt‘tl
l‘i-iidilit-ss tol‘ t'olill‘ovl'l‘sy illlll cl‘ii»
icism l';ti'l of growing up In Full
mug, ilml your world mlvhl not be
lhc \\iil'itl of your nclvhhor

II is wonderful that lll’llllil‘ arc
lilll'l‘t”-lt'll in student coyci'nmclii
It is .t lot it‘\\ than wonderful when
llll‘\t' pt-oplc ll'l'l they can govern
liicriiry publications. I could never
olit'l' a knowledgeable criticism of
Si‘llnlc. because I have never been
miolycd or interested in Senate.
lly the .lame token, Sciiztic and
Myskunm itl't' iii no position to t‘l‘ll
lci/c suppression kiiowlcdccnbly

Suppression is a sell supporting

cit-r, abusi- and offcnsiycnt-ss with
a complete lack of moderation as
ciidcnccd ill "l'i'iliquc 2” seems
lo be not only a waste of paper,
but a prime cxiiinplc of the aim-
lt-ssncss which we are encouraged
to iiyoid Satire has long been if
i't-ciiic its an entertaining mode of
writing similarly, subtlety till] he
pit-using llowcier, "t'rlliquc 77:3"
t'lllployt'tl satire to such an extent
that if was cnlircly too cutting; its
absence of subllciy showed un-
equivocal ci'assltudc

Elli \

'l‘hc literary revival is promising,
but "critique-~72”, as part of it,
nus disappointing and disturbing

John 'I‘yo.

 

