PAGE 2

Ambassador Abroad

In the summer of 1961 a State College Junior visited
a Danish family. Her trip was financed through proceeds
of the State Fair. Last. year the college was unable to send
an ambassador abroad, but this year the program is again

available.

We are sure that the seeming lack of interest is not
because people do not consider the program valuable but
because many students have just not taken the time to
think about the program and then to apply. We realize
that many students must work in the summer and that
others must attend summer school, but there must be
more than five people who would somehow be able to spend
a summer in Europe with expenses paid.

Any student who is a Junior in the college and plans
to continue his studies next fall is eligible to submit an
application. Anne Smith ‘62. Minister of Culture. is direc-

tor of the ambassador program.

Applying is not really difficult. Include in your appli-
cation (1) an estimate of your grade point average; (2)
reasons for wanting to represent State College abroad;
(3) the country you would like to visit and why; and (4)
a summary of the activities in which you have participated
while at State College. Then drop your z‘ipplication in
Anne Smith's student mail TODAY.

As typical college students. we are all too apt to com—
plain about the unsatisfactory state of United States for~
eign relations Only by taking an actiVe interest in such
programs as this can we ourselves help to improve the

situation.

Chanukah & Christmas

During the past week at least one of the dormitories
has been honoring the Jewish celebration of Chanukali.
Jewish women explained the significances of the ritual;
candles were lit each day; and. on Wednesday evening. a
Chanukah dinner was held

Jewish students have participated in and contributed
to the celebrations for the Christian holidays of Christmas
and Easter. Since many State College students are Jewish,
it is encouraging to know that at last Christian students
are realizing that not only tolerance but a sincere at»-
tempt to understand another religion can bc an important

part of that elusive attitude known as the Christmas spirit

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

No 27

 

\fol YEVI

“('(‘l‘lllllt‘l' h liliii

 

'l‘lic itiHll-Iglull tlill‘ newspaper of Hlulc University (Join-go. of Ed l1 ttlltlll ut Albany.
published IC'M'I'Y tinny of the College yriir by the: hich Humid for the H'lltlt‘nl
Assoi intioi.

 

NI \\‘ INLHU)

LINDA I.A.‘iﬁl‘il.l I‘.‘ I‘IIU'IHI’. IN tvllII‘J'

 

   

     

 

WILLIAM l"I(’\ ’ltli'llﬁ. t‘oii-iiil' int l‘i<l.ioi .:i ('i.:cl
MAItY Ltrll l‘JInI-n'thlx‘tN M iiiiipii ~,' "(:Lln!
ANNI‘.’ “UNA” I‘l‘illilll IlllllH.
DUIUH Ml,’lll It'll A wn .iHI‘ l-loiioi
LINDA l‘ WIII'I'I A o. Iilll‘ l‘iiIJH-i
lsAlthitA II \ld. f‘oii: iilltint A . o. i ll' I'lildor
ANNE HMI'I ll l'iil;l.i' ltcnilliiii- 4ll.‘Hl
I,I."I1)A lll'Ii'ifY I‘llLllit'nh :\il.ii|i 1;”N Milt“;
:dl’l.;\NI‘lI‘. l'trltl) (ﬂirt iioil luli lam uni-gr I‘klilur
KAREN HUIIf-JNMAH '\ m J:iiii t‘li- illill ioii |‘.‘.-.i iii-iigc Etilioi
HAVE .ll'..’ll‘2h‘ )liull I‘luiioi
zlpoiogiiipzu. h t' l'i.oio Hi I . ‘l i]li".l In .iiii
[Hit-5K I'illl I'UHH .Ioi (i iii .I iii Wiicclc.
,(‘p‘vli(,jc'i-[i;pug (guy “i .- 2-. f.l.ii I.oi. lmnoﬂi. l..:.i... MM'loiiii Knit hydov. Iii.

i‘ogni. ll . Nlir. Imlmilulo

All commono-anon: iii min in: uddnmwd to the editor amt intuit ho signed Nainw.
will be Morin-id on reunith 'I‘lii: HI‘A’I'E COLLI‘XIE NEWS nimuini-s no reistxmslblliti
fur uplniuna uxprosscd lri its columns or (JUIIAIIIUIIIUELIUIIH, its such clllnrm‘sl‘lw do not
iiuimailly ICIlCLM its views

._..__._—-_....

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1961

 

Senate
Services
Committee

As a new service to State L‘ollcgc
students, State (‘ollege News will
report each week on the activities
of a campus organization which
has made a worthwhile contribu-
tion to the school. Dick Kelly, co-
chairman of the Senate Services
Committee, reports the following
plans of the committee.

Sunday Study Lounge

Plans for a Sunday Study Lounge
have been completed and the
Private Dining Room in Brubachcr
will be opened this Sunday. Dec-
ember 10. from 2-10 p. in.

Working in cooperation with
Dean 'l‘hornc. Miss Ilastings of
Ilaivlcy Library. and Mr. (.‘orliy of
Food Service, the committcc has
made provisions for the mainten-
ance and rules of conduct for the
study room.

Services ('ommittcc and Senate
liaVe set up the following rules for
the new room.

(1) Only individual study will lic
permitted.

(2) Smoking is pcriiiissablc

(3) .\'o food of any kind will he

allowed in the Study loom.
(it All written and unwritten
rules of conduct pertaining to

llawlcy Library will lic effective
in the Study Lounge.

There will be proctor in llic
study loungi- but it is hoped that
the students llSlIlLI the lounge will
maintain the proper rules of be-
havior llizil such 2i room demands.
Scrviccs ('oiiiiiiittcc hopes that thc
strident body will cooperate in
every possihlc way to Ill‘dkt‘ tlic
>lll(l_\' lounge a success.

New Flags Purchased

'liic zidiiiinistrzition rcccnlly l‘t'
ported to Services ('oinmitlcc that
3H SlilI‘ flags are to he purchased.
l'licsc new flags should arrive
sometime in llic near future and
will he displayed on ilic liriipcr
flagpole and iii Page Hall.

The nccd for an active fire siifcty
program was discussed with lhc
administration. and directions for
the evacuation of tlic tll‘iltlt'llllt‘
buildings in case of emergency will
probably be posted in class rooms
and balls

The poor iippcziriincc of thc
llustcd-Richardson pcrisiylc area
was discussed with the iltllllllllSlI‘it
tioii. Although ihcy are well aware
of the condition of thc pcrislylc.
no Work can begin until the end

of the ('llI'I'l'lll fiscal year which
end sometime in April
(Yafctcria IIours

lli‘élll lllol‘llt‘. working wiili hood
Scr\icc. hiis rcporlcd flint Ilic ciil'i-
icrui Will hc opcncd lllllll L‘ p. [1]..
and clcaiiing Will bc done from
It I Many students lltltl coinplzilni'tl
about the early closing hour of tlic
t'uit‘ll'I‘lil.

'l‘hc ('oiiiinittcc is presently
working on [I design for the new
banner for lhc Student l‘nion l)cr
signs Will he suliiiiilli-d for iipprm
al to Scnutc

Sci'iiccs t'oiiiinitlcc has lit't'll il\
siircd Illlll llll' fun for the Studciii
l'iiion, should he iiislzillcd some
time soon It is closcr to rciility
llltiii c\t’l’ licl‘oi‘c lelll IlltlS on HIV
iiislnllulion llllH‘ lit'l'll rot-cited

Scriiccs ('oiiiiiiillcc lll‘;'(’\ tliiit
ilic sliidcnl body report any iniilli-rs
lliiii they wiin to he discussed in
the Sciizitc ll Sciiiilc ilocx iiol know
what the stiidciil lioin \\’lllll\. it is
iiiipossililc lo ltihc ilt‘lltill \iiincr
iill‘i stiidciii idcu-i .tIlll coiiiplziiiits
linic been brought to the .illl'llll‘ill
of the iltllllllllhll'illlttll. iiiid iii uniiiy
i'iiscs lhtill'lllllt‘ {It‘lltillh llil‘.l' ri-
\llllt‘tl

('oniiiiillcc iiiciiilicrs tll'i‘ ('o
chairmen I)I('k Kelly ’63, lit'I'l Sch-
lifr 'tlii. lion Allen ’63. Lenny Lap
iiiski ’61. Elaine llaiiscr ’llie. I'uI
term '61. iiiid Ilill lliiriietl ‘iiil

 

 

Me in my best blues . . . and those cocky college kids
thought I was a “Greyhound” bus driver!

 

 

 

 

Gamma-5W

 . . how do I love thcc, lcl inc count the “tits . .

 

 

l.()\'I-I . . .

'l'hi~ U’l'h' iiioi'c lhiiii cicr liclorc \\t' have lcll (“'Illllll‘ll~. ‘o ill-ip
and so mouse or irit-iiil~ and we liiic SM n such l‘ccli'i‘ts present it
cvci'yonc tliii: \‘.t' dedicate this t'til‘llllll lo lllc triciii'siiips of Saw
t'ollcgc. iliosc we IllHt' already made and llii‘.‘t' \lt' all v.1il i'iiikc in Eli.
ycars to (‘tillll‘ It is a Wonderful i'ccliiig knowing that lil'iililt'
by you in times of stress and ii is wonderful knowing how llllli'll t'll
pziiliy frn nil fi-il toward each oilii-r

~l.'li'iil

\lilll} oi Ii~ slurtcil this feeling on Sunday v.hcn ii'ii' ililfci'i-in.
wcrc \\lli'll wr- uppcrclzissiiicii l:ii:l( part ':i 'iil‘lilll'.‘ .iw‘
bringing Iogcthcr inorc pcoplc. iiiorc (‘ltlSt‘lil'~S .iiiil lll’-"l' ll'lt'llfl'liigi
'65 felt ltIH' :iiid closeness on Monday when llil‘) iciiiloi'iI-rl each oiln:
Iciirs. 'l'hciz. on 'l'ucsdziy. we saw that the licshiiinii 1.‘.ll'l~ ~lll' lo pi in.
lo\‘c for llll'll‘ close friends cvcn though they knew they would lie i'l‘. ‘I
much of their hearts to different colors iiiid new pcopl“ \t'i-
li‘cshiiicn being (is close as you c\ci' wcrc and we lov "l _\l.t
inorc

rcrobcd

Mitt _‘.iil

:ill l'\| i;

We \il“ s‘illlt' pcoplc bciiig llllI'l. hoili fi'cshiiizin '..‘,lI‘l‘- tilltl lllI|Ii‘l
class inch and women. but sadness IS 11 dccp ciiiolioii and \"l' lit‘lll 
liccuiisc we know, that emotions tliiit ill’t' (lccp cause you to fun l'\t'l"
lypc of ciiiotioii but most of all, love, The iippci‘clussincii to. well :i
the l'rcshnu-n helped their l'cllow clzissiiiiilcs so much during llll“(‘
lziys. 'I'hosc of you who will iiol hzive the benefit of sororiv I't'lilliiill
i'cuhxc right now, we‘re sure, how much real friends ."t.lll'. lt‘l'l Ioi
you. and after all. real friends arc with you always '

We lclt so glad to M‘t.‘ others so happy zind wc \.\t‘l‘t' i-roiid iiiiil
llizinkl'ul when it sorority prcsidciit csprcsscd llt'l' feelings of :ipolo‘ \
lo iiiiothi-r president and hpred crudicutc any hard fer-lines. iii-
brmgiiig holli groups of girls iiivolycd t'ci'y close again Wc \ziu Ili.i'
most of all, each sororin is lust, it sistcr anion: oilicr sororiiivs :iiiii
lll'Jl thc iioi'd inlci'soi‘ority was iiol iiisl :i word biil .‘i l'ccli'ig

’l‘iicsdziy night in lhc Siudciit l'nioii was perfect; for i-\ci'y tint“
bit ol “harm” that was ever pi‘cscnt on our campus \V'.l.’ loi' those lc’.‘
iiioiiiciils cruscd coiiiplctcly \thii thc guys bcgin their l'fli|l[)itl:‘,ll .‘
is very ctisy lor ii few to be hurt . . but for cvcrv bit of lilll'l lllt i-
Will be It iiiillionl'old of goodness to coiiipciisiitc for II V

thrc ilI't' tlic fricndships that we spciik of" The friend it..'
sits iicxt to you in (‘hciiiistry class or lllc l'ricnil you cut a llll «iii
Ill;.'lll is. most of till. :i li‘iciid you have iiiiidc oiilv llii‘ou"h ‘lli‘ ’l’oi'
il (iod and through tiiir i'olli-s'c We hope lIII' \l'lll'S'llilH‘ lll’flll‘ an llli‘ili'
close friendships lor you as they have for us

'I'licrc ll'l' iniiiiy shortcomings here in» in-
all we ni‘i' :iiid t‘oiuiiioiily Slide is LOVE.

‘.’ OI" 'I'III'I WI'II'IK

usually liiiliil oui by

Hon IlIlllll is in your liczirt'.’

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY, “lift-MINCE H

I i‘ lit I‘ll» ll'li liliii “l'nl .loc_\ liLI'i

'.i on p III Kappa llclu I"oi'iiiiil ltiish lit-\tilt 'lilllt'l'
it till p in l‘i.‘i~~|\clli;ill liiltllt‘ illlllltiloi /\l'|l|HI
Sl’ll lil’. Il.iiicc il"ollo\\iui' thc li'iiiici lll‘ll’llli‘lll‘l' Il.lll
i\'l'l'III).\\. I)IC('I‘IMIII'ZII it
'I {l 1.: II in HM llllli "'lhc lust 'l'cii liiiys“ l’ll“
i no p lil l‘rcsliiiicii llll ilicncsco. l'i"'
ti on p in \lii'sil) llll (ticiu-si-oi l“ii'c ll ill
Sl’NlIAY. Ill‘il‘l‘lhllil'lll Ill
1! tit) p in I'ollcr (lpcii IIUIISt‘ l'ollci' llousc

Aldcii and Wiitcrhui'y 'I'rcc 'l'i‘iiiiiiii' I’ziriics

\

 

\

 

Debate Team
Competes At
U. of Vermont

On November 17th two debiitc
teams left for the University of
Vermont in Burlington for the an-
nual Debate ’l‘ournaincni.

’I‘hc debaters wci'c licttc .lzinc
Bohus '63, (his Spellinan '63. harry
Belinsky '65. John Strickland 'li‘t.
Dotty I)cllci‘ 'til. Louisc Muir '63.
Al St. (‘liiirc '65. and .lcri'i Silver
man 'tifi. 'l‘hcy \«ire accompanicd
by Mr. l’i'ichard and Mr. llcwitl.
botli of lhc Spcccli Department.

The topic for debate was the
national topic: Resolved: Labor
Unions should be under the juris-
diction of antitrust legislation. The
tournament had five rounds.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1961

News Notes l D &ACouncil Dr. Wayner To Distributive

 

Closed Circuit 'I‘.V'.
Because Page Hall is being used
for Saturday’s basketball game
with (lcnesco. there will be a
closed circuit t.v. set up in Page
auditorium.

Tax Cards for Basketball

Since the basketball games are
being field in the Armory this year,
it is necessary for each student to
show his student tax card. This
will be strictly enforced! I’ot‘ those
who aren‘t State (‘ollcgc students,
admission to the game will he fifty
cents for students and $1 for adults

('iilcndur Meeting

'l‘licrc will be a Social t‘iilcni'iir
meeting for thc second semester
today at 1 pm. in Draper 201

To Present
Ibsen'sGhosts

llasse Kopcn ‘62. president of thc
Dramatic and Arts (‘ouncil has an-
nounced that Ghosts by Henrik
Ibsen will he the next production
of State (‘ollcgc Theater. The
production will be under the direc
tioii of Mr. Joules A. Leonard. As-
sistant Professor of English. As
sisting him is Miss (lloria Auner.
'ili The technical director for [lie
show is Mr. Edward .I. Mcndus.
Assistant Professor of English.

'l‘i'youts will I)c hcld 'l‘hursdtiy
and li‘riday, llcccinbci‘ lit and 15.
ill 7:30 pin. in Richardson 29]
Those students unable to attend
should contact Mr Leonard

Check your opinions agai st I‘M’s Campus Opinion Poll #13

  

IIiI'I l lwi III '

    
   

.i r,iiiiil li :

It‘lll Holst iiulou

.llli‘lh . .l‘ Iii.i||y lll'lll‘
Ilt ll lt.iVii hail III ldkM
lll.lll \‘Vt'll in ‘.t)llll‘ liIl
Yiiii

pct :iiiiio liiiily Ill llli‘

illlt‘lt‘ll ii’{.ift.'llt“)

lilciu‘l. iiioic Il.l\/til Ill llli'
t.iiiokc. iiioic tooli-
Illllilli_ll llil‘ llllt'l H.» w;

|)l.‘l l lllllll‘ ,i-l liil‘. Moii

lIllllI IdM /\i.il ll‘llll'lll
IH‘I Ailli l."Ll\l‘.Iiiiiil'i|i
liltci. oiily |iiilt‘ Mole

liillt Inn. yoiii lips

Q For your major course
which would you
choose...

.5, K

II} ‘li ill l .-‘

l)lll ii liliii! ll‘.“ l‘i'l‘

0 Your best friend’s beautiful date
asks you to meet her for a late date.

Would you. .

i

" r v '  i .ii. i lirll yiuii i: "l'll

 

.lll'lll

iivooi

riuJiiIJ

lllltllt)

I-‘l' i.

 

 

  
 

.- u .i... .

6) Has advertising ever
influenced your choice
of cigarette?

 
  
 

    
       
         
 

tin. ..r i.r-i

 
   
        
   
  

   

Holt” I 4,.-.

NEWS NOW 1029 S'IUDENIS
Al lflfl COLLEGES VO'IEIJ!

1rd ., .isi H

6

“‘l “ .'.7ilM

.. i. 'i.i, .il. .Iiii

l'l )i}ll.l

. ii iim it"l
o1 H .1 lot lilll [will 0
1i, oi. . i mil to. lll

L&M's the filter cigarette for people who really like to smoke.

 

Lecture Today

The second lecture II‘ the liitif
1963 Science (‘olloquium will take
place in Ilrtipcr 34‘). Friday, Dc-
cciiibcr 8. at 1 pm Dr Matthew
Wayner. of the Department of
Psychology at Syracuse University.
will I(‘(‘ll‘I‘(' on “The (‘ercbral (.‘or-
tcx.”

l)i'. Wayner is a recognized 5pc-
cialist in the field of spinal rc-
flcx and psychological mechanisms
in animal learning. llc has studied
at Dartmouth (‘ollcgc 'I‘iifts Col-
lege. and the l’nivcrsity of Illinois.
\\'lit'I’c hc i‘cccivcd his l’h.l) in
lithil

l)r Wayner is now serving as
the Director of the Physiological-
l’sychology laboratory a' Syraciisc
l'nivcrsiiy.

All interested tacilty and stu‘
dents are invited to attend.

The third lecture of the series
will hc presented on cl"hruary 2.
lir liiilph Lapp. a.i eminent au-
thority on nuclcar physics, will be
the spcakcr

Boston to Give
M. Ed. Training

lloston t‘ollcge offers a Master in
Education program to train candi-
tl‘dlt'S to teach iiiohility restoration
to the blind. Sixteen ’l‘rainccships
of $3.800 each are available to col-
lege graduates with bachelor's dc

L' I‘ci-s

'I‘lic lit; ci‘cdii coiii‘sc. which is of
ii months duration. will he taught
.ii Iloston (‘ollcgc and St. I’aul's
ltt'liiililllltllloli (.‘cnlci‘ for the lllind,
\cwlon. Mass. The program he.
giiis June 25. liltiz and will be com
plcied in siiiiiiin-r. :iciulcinic yc;ii‘.
.‘iiid \llllllllt‘l' sessions

l'lzicli trainer-ship llllllltlt'S lull
lllllltili. and living iiiid linch c.\
pciiscs iii coiiiicclioii with iln-
liilll'st'

liilci'cstcd students should write
to Mr Joseph ltunci. loston t'ol
lcgc. (il'lltllllllt‘ School. licpiirliiiciii
of l‘lduciition. t'licsiiiii Hill of
\l;i~~ loi' llll' application form Ioi'
the l'iiiiiicc~liip l’l‘titil'ttlll for mu
liilll'. specialists. l)czirllinc for in
mg .iill he \lzircli ill. ltltiZ

 

Have You
Helped ?

THE
TIMES - UNION
Christmas Fund

I‘d)“

Needy Old People

MAIL YUUK
('0N’l‘ltllill'l‘lth
TODAY

 

 

PAGE I

Ed. Surveys
Local Housing

The Distributive Education Club
is currently working on a housing
development survey for the Chomr
ber of Commerce. The members
are interviewing people at their
residences and inquiring about
their housing facilities, satisfaction
and desire for future living quar-
ters. This type of activity is pro-
vided as a service for the city of
Albany. .‘ilicril McCormick ’62 is
chairman of the survey project.

The information obtained from
this project will be used to find
out what Albany needs in housing
development and what they will be
able to support. Any members in
tcrcstcd in participating in this
endeavor should contact Miss Me
Cormack immediately.

I’icld 'I‘rips

'l‘hc Distributive Education Club
had two field trips last week to the
Times I'nion-Kiiickcrbockcr News
There was a morning and after
noon totir. Mr. Crainer of the
Public Relations Department con-
ducted the tour. and explained the
many facets of a newspaper. He
also introduced the students to
some of the paper's columnists.

Nine Faculty
Win Grants,

Fellowships

'l'lic tollouiiiz' is .i list of the lii

.iil‘y :il Alluiiiy Slate \\llli'll havi
l'le‘Iill} won :‘l'ullls Illltl fellow
~liip~

llobcrt l-Z li‘rosl. :issoc prol ol

ilii'litlxll'} tcticiioiis oi cliloi'o

*ll lllt'\ with iildcliydcs

\lli'iil l.c\'il.‘i.~.. .‘issoc. pi‘ol‘. ol
pliwiiw 'l'i‘iiiisport inccluinisni~
III cliiii'oiytic solutions

lliil‘olil S Sloi'). assoc pi‘ol'. of
physics I‘it'xt'fllTIl iii iiizignctic
resonance. especially iiuclcur (pizid
i'upolc i'csoiiiiiicc

.\loi‘l‘|~ l lici‘gcl‘. tissoc prol. of
education ’l'hc lllIIIlitIlhllt‘ ti'aili
lion in coiiiciiiporiii‘y educational

thought

l'iillizii'iiic .\‘c\tbold. assoc. prol
of history ~ The :iiitisliivcry cliiii'
iiclci' of i'iiil \\';ir diploiiiiicy

'l'hcodorc S. Aduiiis. asst. prol
oi l-Iiiglish 'l'liciiiiitic structure ol
Willa l'uthcr's non-l. "'l'lic l’i’ol'c-
sor's llousc".

l‘:iul ('
Sllt'l'l'll
ccplion iii

lloouisliici'. prol oi
l’ullivi'iis of .iiiilitoi'}. pci
iiiiioc

\Nlllt‘) \l lil‘}.iii .l‘ i-‘ lil'lil
t-liciiiisli'y 'llii- tll.tll"i \ lll .I'lilll‘
.i M ioiiipmiiioii .tl‘ll

ll'l'll\ ili Ii‘lilll‘ll iii iiiiio .‘

liI'Illt'l‘l | a

ltiilmid 1* Smith pi'oi oi tlli‘li

I‘ll\ \Ili‘\\ \yii‘lnwis oi lllll‘lli“

 

 

{N YUI‘II OWN
At‘t‘IH‘N'l‘

()l'
'I‘I'II‘JN -:\(II'I

 

 

 

Illst‘tll N'I‘S 'l't) .\I.l. S'l‘l'lll'IN'l‘S

Itiniiiuiids, “‘iitclics iiiid (lifts!

"UN ’I'Illi \\I"..'\I I4."

~vho-i l”;iil_\ l'«il .i llitlci'

Sch \ lion til

Harold F inkle

"vol It .ll'\\'I-ll.l~I|I"
7307 ('ciitriil Avenue

l"iill
l..idics illltl Men's Jewelry

Lun- ol i‘liiirius

 

 

 

