PAGE 6

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1961

 

Frosh Cagers Cop Season;
Wins Promise Fair Openers

State’s Frosh basketball team got its 1961-62 cam-
paign off on a happy note last week, edging Hartwick
55-53, and then trouncing Oneonta 59-44. The Feds are
slated to play their first home game of the season 6:30
tonight at the Washington Armory in a return match
with Hartwick.

State has a well-balanced ball club, with plenty of
height up front where it counts, and a good reliable back
court. The starting five for the Purple & Gold are Dick
Crosset, Danny Zee, Leo Fitzsimmons. Kirk Ellis, and
Morty Epmir. According to Coach Murt Sutherland, “We
should do a little better than .500 this season. We have
good height and rebounding, fair

shooting and arerage speed, but v
poor defense and ball handling.“  BOW/mg
Peds Edge llartwick Sfarfs This Week

By Nancy Sehogoieff

State’s debut with l-lartwiek last
Friday was a real cliff-hanger, as
Crossett’s tremendous last-minute
wﬁguﬁlogzx [ahehggoilllintllstiswxl volleyball schedule is as follows:
maining, Hartwick led 51—45, but Tuesday. D00 12: teams 3 and 5
Statevs lanky 6'3" center Changed at 7:30; teams 4 and 6 at 8:10.
things in a hurry, dumping in three Thursday, Dec. 14: teams 14 and
field goals and a foul shot. Epmir 16 at 7:30; teams 13 and 15 at 8:10.
“it?” pm the Gimme? 0’11 hitting 0" Please remember girls, one for-
3 Jump Shot and a free “WOW felt and you are out of the league.

In the Oneonta game last Tues- Bowling: Girls, bowling officially
day Crossett and Zoe with 29 points starts this week. Just a few tips
and 29 rebounds between them on rules: each team must start
paced the Frosh to victory. Fitz- and end with a minimum of 3 team
Simmons also played good defense, members and more than 1 forfeit
as the Feds led all the way. means removal from the league.

Volleyball: Next week’s revised

Potter Trounces
Men's 9] - 43
In Gage Contest

The AMIA basketball program
got into full swing with teams see-
ing action in all three leagues.

in tiie only league one contest
Potter l trounced Waterbury 1,
91-43. The Potter quintet piillc
away early in the first half and
steadily increased their lead
throughout the game. Don t‘oiien
amassed 30 points to lead the Pot
ter onslaught. lie was helped by
Ed liroomfield who contributed 19
markers.

Waterbury was unable to devel-
ope any kind of offense until late
in the second lialf when lid Wol~
ner started connecting from the
corner. Wolncr lead the scoring for
Men's with 12 points.

in a league two match Potter
ll overcame a 2717 iialf time (le-
fieit and managed to nose out the
Wilson Wildcats, 41-37.

in other league two games.
AI’A ll knocked off the Judges 31-
2~t and Waterbury ll bowed to SLS
51-39.

Action in league three saw the
Athetics whip K B 111 36-82.
and the Sleeper's devastate the
Waterbury ill club by 69-13 score.
These were the initial outings for
the league three squads.

A

 

Touching All
Bases

By DAVE JINKS

HEEELLLP ! !

What’s this we hear? A cry from some poor States-
man caught in the noontime Milne rush to the cafeteria,
a whimpering from some registering student who has just
looked at the list of closed sections or his next semester
schedule, or a cry of anguish from someone who just
checked his assignment book (Okay! I don‘t use one either.
but some nuts do) to see what subjects he might do a
“little” catching up in? Nupl! It‘s our dedicated, un-
loved and unheeded basketball coach who has just looked
at the State College Calendar. Ah, there he sees what
he has been looking for: Friday - Varsity Basketball, 8
PM. - Buffalo at Armory: cleverly sandwiched between an
IFG flicker, and a fraternity formal rush party. Oh well,
so we don’t have anybody at our home opener, we'll be
drawing a big crowd for the Saturday night game. His
tired, worried eyes switch to the Saturday night sche-
dule, and we catch his comment (the printable one)
“Yooowwmm! l" Only another IFG Academy Award Win-
ning Film, eight sorority formal dinners, and an SUB tree
trimming party. If you see someone hanging from that
beautiful tree in the middle of dorm field, it's probably
our defeated coach. It’s hard enough to produce a team
that will attract the students of our dear college without
having to buck halt" a dozen other events every night of
a basketball game. We realize that not everyone is in—
terested in sports and that other activities are naturally
going to be, but since the basketball schedule was set up
before the rest of the events, some consideration should
be shown m at least for the home opener.

 

Potiermen Stil/ Hold
Slight Bowling Lead

Potter maintained its hold on
first place in the Scratch League
as they downed Madison 40 It
was a tough match for the 111011 of
Potter as a fighting Madison- team
refused to buckle under pressure.
In the last two games Potter had
to come from as much as 5 marks
down to Willi. Led by" Al Sabo's
221-565) and t‘arl liermaii's 205)-
551 the club managed to sweep
all four points. Sabo’s fine triple
pull him in first place average-
wise with a l72.

Commuters, 'l‘.\'() l’ost Wins

'l‘he ('oiiiiiititcrs roiling alongr in
second place only I game bciizii-d
Potter, swept four points from
$1.5, \i'aterbiiry l and Water
bury 2 splzt their match 2 2, ‘.\'li.ch
left the former in lli rd place, four
games off tthc pace A ills“. im
proving 'i‘Xt) squad sook three
points from a tilsil'if>tilllllll.f.,' l\'il
team, l’ete l’let‘I. and Jay (ii
shein lod the ’i‘th's in their vic-
tory, with l’cltz hitting 2106 501 and
Ulshein 207-552. tithcr high \t‘til‘t‘s
were hit by Ken (lii'iiiaii \iho
h.t a 206 and Don it‘car who lll‘
i1 515. (lary .\ioorc also broke the
500 mark \o.'li a not

lit-agile star/hugs:

’l‘cam W fr
it l’otter it} It ‘
21 (‘omiiiuters 1.3 5
{ti Waterbury I l i 12 it
it Kit to to
St Waterbury 121 ii l‘l
tit ix” 8 l1!
7» Niall wit ’i' 1.1
Hi him If iii

 

L. J. BAtlitlUil

Jewelry, (lifts, ll‘avoi‘s 1111' "vol Md" 1'3
Stationery, l’rograins
(.‘luli l’iiis, Keys
Medals, ’l‘roplilcs

Mr. (‘ari Sorenscii, Mgr.

lilti Murray Avenue
“It'l'lultl’tlltll, NEW YORK

 

 

 

iill‘ ilt‘
cigarette that really tit'il\l'1'a dc gilmiiilll5f

    
       
   
   

 

“Tareyton’s Dual Filler in duos partes divisa est!”

I t . ’ Sfl\\ St‘xillstl'l'ii.\ /,«':('»l(‘llit), Ito t illl ('iip \\illllt'l'
"i": criil .e '*l'  - - - .. .

‘ W ‘M 'y lilt‘i’t‘. are lot \ oi tiitci’ t'li',.'lll'lit .'itill|lli. ll\\ t id ‘
itttitjcs, Sit-ills, ltllig. “i113t'j)illl‘iiitl~l|lllllll=iilllti~tiill lhmi l'iltci' 'l‘uit-ytoii

»i itiilttt‘ti . i1\ li‘ill't‘jyit)” lillt‘

ii

 
 

r_‘

iarcyion
delivers
the iiavor...

 

 

ACilVAiED CHARCOAL
lNNER FILTER

/, 
pm.
llllci' HIRE Wi‘iliE
()UlER HLIHIR ‘“\

\

-\ 
121m. MIX/it‘ll 

Taiwan

5‘ . H. N
I ' ' I "
I‘m/u" "l ‘I/h‘ ~ 'Altlu an /I don't! (4 III/Ail"? A (-uu'o ll of mil/ill: inn/ir L A i (I

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1961

State Courtmen Open Season With Double Victoryi

Matmen To Begin Campaign At Cortland Tomorrow

Coach Sauers Registers Victories 100&10i
As State Five Trounce New Paltz 77 - 50
And Edge Oneonta in Overtime 61-50

Clem Crow Injures Ankle,
Out For Most of Season

By NICK ROBOLIC'I‘TO

This coming Saturday, Albany State will open its 1961—
1962 Varsity Wrestling season with a match against Cort-
land State. This will be the third year of this rivalry and
so far our teams have not been able to come up with a vic-
tory. We finished second to their team last year in an
interstate tournament.

"Old Man Injury" has already afflicted our team.
Clem Crow fractured his right foot over the Thanksgiving
holiday while doing some i'oadwork. He has been a consis-
tent point-gettci‘. Clem has never been defeated in dual
match competition and has won several championships
such as the Conference Title in his weight class. He will be
sOl‘Ci} missed in the early matchr

es for he probably will not be

able to wrestle before next
semester.
Luckily this is the only injury rﬂa—M' M" “
. M
that has beset our team iii pic
season activity The foliowiiiz'~

Will be representing State in the
match this weekend (weights iii
j)£ll‘t’lllilt'>i.\'ll Ray iouciiard
1115i. .lay Killlt‘l (1117i. Art lirii

iicllc (117 i. .ltliilll Woytoavich
11571 .loiiii lieniiett 1 Hill, 'l‘om
i‘:iil.~ 1177 J, Howard lillllll tltil l,

 

tiiiiliiiiilcdi.

consists of It

lioai'd
it‘LIlll

and iliclizird
'l'li..~ \iill‘illlt',

\t‘llltil‘.\ It juniors and 1 mph
oiiiorc
i'hi~ ytzir‘s ~qiiinl has showed

one llt'lt'l‘lilllllilltill. in our jii‘c
xt‘ilsoll scriiniiizlgc» they illl\t'
been steadily iiiipro\iii;1

Hallmark

Paramount

technique on Lucky (1’)

 

 

Christmas Cards
Wrapping Paper
Ribbon

at the
State College

   

(‘().\('Il ti.\lt(‘l.\, l-lvliig 'l'cn Wrestler, demonstrates wrestling
“Volunteer”.

Wasson

Seals & Tags ,.;-'.",”'m.i of

Co-op

By GARY SM lTll

PAGE 7

Albany State got off on its new basketball season last week as the Feds

posted victories over

victories marked numbers 100 and 101 at Albany for coach

the New Paltz Hawks and the Oneonta Red Dragons. The

Dick Sauers and the latter

win must certainly be sweet revenge for last year‘s loss at the Oneonta Armory.
Tuesday's 51-50 Albany victory at Oneonta was a tooth—and-nailer all the way

with never more than seven points separating the two teams. Albany broke in front

with Jim Oppedisano hitting on a jumper, but before Jim could hit for the next two

points the Feds found themselves trailing 7-2.

“Opp” took care 01' this, however, as he

canned four shots in a row to put the Staters ahead 16—13. The lead ‘seesawed back and
forth for the remainder of the half with Oneonta on the long end of a 30-28 count at

halftime.

Coach Sauers’ words of “stick to the offense” at half-
time apparently had an effect on the squad because they

by Oppcdisano left State

'ame out for the second half and led by the shooting of
Ray Weeks ran up a 46-40 lead. .
 however, as the Dragons, aided by the fouling out of Jim
‘5 Greene and Rog Casey, came
foul shot by Joe Mars, who was high man for Oneonta
with 18. put the Dragons ahead 48-46. With less than 1:30
to go in the game Bill Carmello retaliated by making two
foul shots. Oneonta retained possession trying for the last
shot 01' the game but it fell short and the game was forced
into the first overtime of the season.
A basket bv Joe Heissan of Oneonta and a foul shot
i one point
1:33 left in the overtime John Wallace was fouled. The
6 l co-captain strolled to the

The lead was short lived,

back strong. A layup and

behind. Then with

line and put the Purple and

A Gold in front to stay. The ball changed hands several times

defense. The curtain raiser
the team had bargained for.

State Keglers Tie
RPI 2-2 Monday

Last Monday night on the (‘olum
bia alleys. Albany State’s varsity
bowling squad gained a two point
split with RM.

The first L'Ltlllt' was nip and tuck
all the way down to the ‘eiitli
frame. llt‘sjillt' i’aul llcaudiii‘s 215
«A, effort. lti’l‘s strong finiisli gave
tliciii a thirty pin \ictory.

The second game saw the team
deyt-lop a \t*\l‘l't‘ t‘Llst‘ of splititi~
.’\l Sabo probably tied the record
wlicii he opened the Liullll‘\\',lil
four (‘tiliH't'llllH‘ splits, (‘llll\t'i'llll'_',
bill oiic liiit lic iiiziiiagetl to re
co\cr \\llil a thl. highest for the
suctillti came l“rt-d llt‘ill‘llll, till
{monk and Kt'll Sclii'adei‘ itikc
w sc had tin :r silill't‘ of iic ti‘otib
it‘slllllt' All together,
the team had a lliiili of ill spills.

lliird game was a virtual
apart completely
while S’atc picked tip sonic cru
cial pills \llllt‘li enabled them to
top total ]".il\

('(tll\ t‘i'ﬁ'tilli

but a charging foul on Nate I ‘ ‘
doom with only five seconds to play. Oppcdisano was high
for the Feds with 19 while Weeks and Wallace had 8 each.
For the Dragons, Mars had 10 and _
while Laddie Decker was held to 5 potnts by the tight Pcd
at New Paltz was more than

squad made the game closer than expected.

Romano sealed Oneonta’s
Roger Hover had 9

A tough and scrappy Hawk

The first half was a shooting
contest between ()ppedisano and
’ml) Illil‘illilll of the Hawks with
the l’cds taking a 34-25 halftime
edge. The siiioting and defense
were quite shoddy for both teams
at 1 mos.

Albany. after returning
court. appeared to be walking
away with the game. in one
stretch the team ran off nine
straight baskets giving the l’eds
a 0238 had. With 8:20 to go in
tiie gziiiic t‘ascy fouled out and
New l’altx started a full court
prim 'l'lu- press bothered our
team as evidenced by the fact
that .\'iw l’aitr. ran off a string of
t; baskets giving Albany a (53-55
lead “till 3:01 remaining tippe-
tllsllllli sated the day' however.
tippciidisaiio (225i led the scorers
\vitli ('zisey' tint and llcliuca 1131
playing good ball. Andy ('ibulsky'
also played a steady floor game

to the

ill the second half. The Hawks
\\'c1‘t- it‘ll by llillmtiu (Hit and
l(t'iit'i tliil

The team rolls on Willi two

games illls ucckciid, 'l‘lie hoopers
lilcci a tough Buffalo State squad
on Friday at the Armory and
Helicseo on Saturday ill i’age liall

 

 

 

 

“William a 300K ..
for CHRISTMAS

New 'torlx hi. N. \.

 

 

 

H. (Iiiizclis UNI).

'l.‘l{.»\\”l£l. ()VICRS CA8

58..) ll l‘l"fl_\. ll offers or ll'oilrcsscs on

' I’usscugcl‘ Willis During Summer

For i’t‘illll.‘ Semi Hi

Lansing Information Service,

“cpl. I‘i-i i. Ito). Ti

 

 

 

 

 

