  

PAGE 6

AMIA Starts New Season;
Track Added To Schedule

Probably one of the most active organizations at State
College is the A. M. I. A. (Association of Men’s Intramural
Activities), which governs all phases of Men’s Intramural
Activities during the school year. It has an extenswe pro-
gram of activities in which all men of State are Welcome to
participate.

The complete calendar of events includes: basketball,
touch football, tennis, golf, volleyball, tumbling, trampo-
line, archery, softball, swimming, table tennis, and bad—
minton. Other activities are included as interest is. dis-

layed. There are also co-ed activities that are jomtly
sponsored by A. M. I. A. and W. A. A. (Women‘s Athletic
Association). .

A. M. I. A. is an organization dedicated to helping
the men of State gain release for some of their pent—up
energies and to provide good healthful cxermse for those
who would not otherwise enjoy it. Always changing to. fit
the needs of a changing student body, for the first time
in its history A. M. I. A. organized a men’s track meet last
spring. At that time trophies and individual ribbons were
awarded to the first three finishers in each event. This
year track is being added to A. M. I. A.’s long list of regular
intramural teams. As in other sports, squads will be form~
ed from the fraternities and men's residence halls.

All male students at State are heartily urged to par-
ticipate in at least one of A.l\’1.l.A.’s varied activities. At
the end of the year there will be a presentation of awards
for participation and achievement.

Officers of A..\I.I.A. for this year
are: Tom ICIlis. President: Bill
Jntrnett, Vice President: I’at Cer-
ra. Secretary: and Lynn Costello
Treasurer.

Career Cues

 

 

llfofa‘ced l

The Channing Chib will join the
RH Club for a picnic at the home
of Dr. and Mrs. Standing on Sun
day at 3:00 p. m. ’I‘ransportation
will be provided from Brnbacher
at 2:00 p. m. Students planning to
attend are requested to sign tip
at the Channing Club Bulletin
Board in Inwcr Braper.

I made my

A. .\I. l. A. football comm;is>
sioiners ’mh Costello and thick
IIunter would Ike to annotince
that Intramural Football will left

to me!

tat.i\ely open next \i'cdnesday.
September 27. A meeting fir
all captains wall be held to
day, Friday, Sep'ember 22 at
ll'titl ill the gym A represcnta
ttie frim each team ltlt!~‘ he a'
this meeting with a l‘os’t‘t‘ of his
difficult) .n ~chcd

  

i. H I ,
PM.“ I ‘1 A”) thirties, lit-came
ul nu Will be d..~cu~sevl at lllis

meeting.

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y

I'hone 6—3610

 

 

Let’s Start
The Year

Off Right
Visit The

SNACK BAR

  

 

 

 

Richard Bertram, \‘tlttlt' still in his early I, a
one of the country“

leading ynclit Iiiolrr-is. Today In- lu-rnls

up eight companiescmt-imy; \'rl| hl mnmi—
ftii'ltttttig. itisltturn'i', tI-pnil', stttrugc,
trance and brokerage A resident of %
('ocnmit (hove, I5ltnitlu. Ilick liecumc ll
Camel Ian while still it] college.

 

Noldced

Parking permits for the student

parking lot will be issued at. the

booth below Draper peristyle be-
tween ‘10 a. m. and 3 p. ‘m. Mon-
day through Wednesday.

lPerm-its WIIII be issued in the
following order of priority: Group
1, students living outside Albany.
on Monday; Group It. students in
ALbany but on the fringes, on Tues-
day; and group III, students living
in Albany near the college, on
Wednesday.

The student parking lot holds
250 cars when they are properly
parked. There will he Jitltl per-
mits issued. To obtain these stick-
ers, students must present their
SA I. D. cards and car registra-
tIIon.

ll"(i FILMS
Sept. 29 From the ’I‘errace 7 8; tlzltu
(ref. 6 Let‘s Make Love 7 & 9:15
Oct. 13 Roman Holiday 7 S; 9:15
(let. 2t) The House That Itoared

T & llilfx

(tel, 27 .\Iitl~nmmer Night's Dream
7 & tlztfi
.'\'ovc. It try the Iteloved Country
7 8; EIIIS
.\'o\‘. it) The Long Ilot Summer
7 & 911;")

\t)\‘. I? tilgl 7 & 9:15

“Cure for job boredom:

favorite

pastime my career!"

Richard Bertram. President
Bertram Yacht 00., Division of Nautec Corp.

“When you stop to think what percent of our total waking
hours is spent bread-winning. you realize how tragic it is
for any man to work at an occupation he doesn‘t enjoy.
Besides frittering away life, it reduces chances of success
to just about zero. I know . . . because it almost happened

After college, I did what I thought was expected of me
and joined a solid, Manhattan-based insurance firm. I
soon found office routine

wasn't for me. I lived only for

  
 
 
       
    
     
   
   
   
  

li-

And to make any time pass more enjoyably...

Have a real cigarette-Camel

THE BEST TOBACCO MAKES THE BEST SMOKE.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1961

Equipment Pool Offers Wide
Selection Of Athletic Gear

With the advent of fall the Ath-
letic Equipment Pool again as in
previous years offers a Wide range
of sports equipment for any stu-
dent of State College for nothing
more than on a piece of paper.

This equipment has been widely
used in the past and will be avail-
able this year in abundance. The
variety of equipment available is
such that it is worth mentioning
here.

Probably the most widely used
pieces of equipment are the Eng-
lish touring bicycles that were
purchased in a small quantity
four years ago aml have been in-
creased since then. 'l'hese bikes
are well built. expensive and can
be signed out for a full day to any
State student.

For the tennis enthusiast there
are large numbers of Cortland
'I‘ennis ltacqnets ranging from the
lli'.lll‘\\'t‘lf‘,lllS for the girls to the
medium and heatyvveights for the
inert. 'l‘ennis balls are also available
in large quantities.

In addition to the equipment of
fered above. the cqquipmcnt pool
offers a wide range of other sports

lunch hour when I could walk to the Battery and mentally
sail with the ships that stood out in the Narrows . . . and
for the summer weekends when I could go sailing. Fortu-
nately, the company I worked for is one of the leading
insurers of yachts and after two years I was transferred
to their Yacht Underwriting Department. Enjoyment and
interest in my work improved immediately 100%.
After World War II, I started my own yacht brokerage
firm and yacht insurance agency in Miami, combining my
marine insurance background with an even closer rela-

tionship with boats.

My only problem ever since has been a feeling of guilt
that my work was too easy. I love boats and boating
people. That affection has paid me rewards way beyond

the financial security it has also

The moral‘s obvious. You have an odds-on chance for
success and happiness working at what you enjoy most —
what comes naturally! And if it's not just frivolous, your
life's work could well be what you now consider just a
pastime. It's certainly worth thinking about, anyway!"

IL. J. ltci‘noltlt 'I'ubuvw Ce. , “'lllblAJtl'Httlt'Ltt, N. 0.

eqquipment such as golf clubs and
bags, softball equipment, archery
sets and tents, and a small amount
of track equipment.

The Athletic quuipment Pool is
an organization financed by the
AMIA, WAA, and outing Club for
the purpose of offering athletic
equipment for all students of the
college without charge. The board
consists of the respective pI‘CSl-
(Ients of the AMIA, WAA and Out-
ing Club. with Coach Hathaway
as the faculty advisor.

 

j
ATTENTION

S'l‘l'DEN’I‘S NEEDED
For All Staffs
of the

S'I'.\'l‘E (‘DLLEGE NEWS

No experience needed,

 

 

provided.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

\

r

I

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, liltil

PAGE 7

 

 

In This Corner -- -

By BOB DAVIES

 

As of the present time there are six Varsity sports in
the athletic program of State College. At various times
in the past new sports have been added with various de-
grees of success.

‘ Last year a track meet was held and a great amount
of support was tapped, mushrooming the attempt into a
successful start. This year there will me a program of
team competition instead of a meet for individuals.

Although the track team has gotten off to a favorable
start, there is still much hard work to be done in raising
the sport to varsity status. There are ten events in college
track, each event requiring a minimum of three com—
petitors. This in turn demands that there be four to six
men trying out for each event in case of injury. There-
fore, in order to have a team we will need at least 30-40
men trying out and staying out for the entire season.

The AMIA has approved team competition for track.
This step is the next necessary one in the development of
track as a Varsity sport. This year‘s set-up will allow for
the formation of three to four or five teams. Any of the
five fraternities, Waterbury Hall, or the Men‘s Group
houses may start a team, either as a unit or in union with
other groups if they are too small. The AMIA is purchas—
ing three trophies which will be awarded to the top three
teams. Also, ribbons will be given to the top three indi-
viduals in each event.

Perhaps of the most difficult of events to train for
are the distance runs, mile and two-mile. In fact, those
persons who frequently run these distances sometimes par-
ticipate in a unique sport of their own——Cross country
running. Those persons interested in this type of event
will have the opportunity of participating under the super—
vision of Mr. Munsey. Mr. Munsey will be starting prac-
tice on this Monday at 3:30 pm. by the equipment shack
on Veteran‘s Field. In order to have a team, enough in-
terest must be shown by those attending practice. Re-
member, nothing is gained in sports without work, but the
eventual rewards are worth far more than the work put
out in attaining them.

As a closing note, it will be necessary to consider that
although distance runners are necessary for any track
team, they are not wholly sufficient. Therefore, if we
are to have a track team, we will have it only by a co—
operative effort of everyone concerned,

 

 , STUDENTS

Your Philip Morris
Student Representative invites you to

A «
a}?

   

   
    

IN THE COLLEGE
BRAND ROUND-USP

Rules And Prizes To Be Awarded
Will Be Announced Shortly

 

 

 

I F rosh Boofers

Have It Rough

A season marked by some of the
toughest competition in the state
faces the State I“l‘t)Slt soccer team
this year.

About half of the thirty candi-
date for the squad have had high
school experience. and according
to Coach Bob liurlingaine, “There
are a number of good looking pros-
pects, but it‘s still too early to
choose a starting team yet." l’rac»
lice sessions began more than a
week ago. and a first string line-up
will be formed in a few (lays.

As always, the highlight of the
Frosh season will be the “Home
coming Weekend“ game, played
(let. 14 against Colgate. In a simi-
lar “Homecoming” game last year.
Colgate beat the I’eds 4-2 in a
hard-fought overtime affair. This
year the game will start at 12:30,
as a preliminary bout to the var-
sity contest with I’Iattsburg.

'I‘he Frosh booters will get their
ttltil campaign underway next Sat—
nprday, Sept. 30, against Orange
County (‘ommnnity College. Orange
County has been rated first in the
nation in junior college soccer for
the last four years, and presented
the I’eds with two of their three
defeats last year, On the first go
round. State was romped ltl-2, hill
the Frosh improved enough by
the second tilt to reduce the vic-
tory margin to 1-2. The result of
next Saturday‘s game against this
top-notch team should serve as an
t‘XCt‘IIt‘lwtllCdltll' for the entire
Frosh season.

Schedules —

— Soccer

li'll ESIIMAN

Sat. Sept. lit) t). t'_ t'. t', A

Sal. (let, T lioekland t‘. t‘. It
Wed. (let. II II. I’. I, A
Sat. (let. I I ('olgale II

Wtd. (let. 18
Sat. (tel. 21

Ihnlson Valley II
tiswcgo A
'l‘hurs.tlet. 20 ll. 1', I, ll

Sat Net. 28 .\'orth Adams A

"Homecoming"

  
  
 

(fury l’cnlicld makes a saw.

Night Soccer at Bleecker
Kicks-off 1961 Home Season

This year promises to be a very challenging one for the
Varsity Soccer team. With a full schedule of ten games, six
of them in conference play, the twenty-five members of the
squad will find themselves very busy in the weeks ahead.

A new innovation has come to the State sports scene—
night soccer games at Bleecker Stadium. The first home
game, against Oneonta, will be played under the lights.
This feature should be advantageous to State College stu-
dents, since weekday games would be inconvenient both
for spectators to attend and for players who would have
to miss classes.

The possibility of having bleechers for home games has
been advanced. The State has approved use of bleechers
but has not as yet appropriated the necessary funds.

The team starts its season with an away game at R.P,I.,
Sept. 30. Last season the Feds wound up in a tie game with
the Engineers, the score standing at 1-1.

The first conference game is set on the following Tues-
day at Potsdam. This will be State's first encounter with
Potsdam. Last year State finished with a 2-2-1 record for
conference play. Sources from other conference teams
have been making noises about giving State a hard time
this year.

The squad has had two scrimmages so far this year.
Although both were lost, Coach Joe Garcia has been busy
correcting defensive flaws in the team. Mr. Garcia has
mentioned that the team seems in better shape than it was
last year. He also added that conditioning is being over—
shadowed by the skill of State’s opponents. Therefore much
more concentrated practice is needed to put the team in
shape.

The team is under the leadership of three captains this
year, Karl Heins Gerstenberger, Ed Broomficld, and Dave
AM Frank. Frank and Franny Zwickl-

bauer, two of last year’s injured,

have been forced to start practice
at a slower pace because of their
conditions. Ed Broomficld has
been the mainstay of the practice

VARSITY

Sat. Sept. 30 RH A sessions, keeping his teammates
'I'ues (let. 2 Potsdam A ~ . ~ ~

. in stc) with the )ractice ' A
Sat. Del. 7 (tencseo A I I SChedmL’

WM‘ my 11 Onwmut H and in doing so, exhibited fine lead-
SM “(.L H pmnsburmrni. H ership. lle has been a chief factor

Wed, t)ct. Iii New I’all‘l. A In the I)I"’l~'l'°5S 0f th team. Karl
5m (it-1 2| ()S\\'(Ig() A (it‘t‘slt‘nhcrgcr, Voted Most Im-
5‘.” (m. 28 “FMWWM H proved Athlete last year. figures to
5;”. \m.’ j Momma“. H be one of the key men on the squad.
luv» xm" H “mum” H Perhaps the most vital improve-

ment needed in the team is that
of improved intragroup coordina-
tion. I’assing between teammates,
defensive plays, knott'ing when to
pass into a hole. are all part of the
Ilt‘t‘tlt'tl ])oli.ll.

Night game

"Homecoming"

 

Rand/Ly

.\s the school year begins anew.
’ so docs Itiiah'y here at State. The
lll‘sl scheduled rivalry events will
occur tomorrow, 'I‘ugofuar will
be held in the morning. with soft-
ball til the afternoon on the play-
‘ nil' field located in back of Bru-
achcr Hall,

The freshman softball team is
 in a strong position according to
team captains .-\l Drake and Lest-
er lx'eys \\‘uh only a short period
: of time to organiie the team and
practice. they have done a remark-

able |ob

At practice held yesterday at".

 

IIO 5—1471

 

.ll‘S'l‘ IN CASE Ytll.‘ DIDN'T KNOW IT . . .

ART KAPNER

\t’rites All Types of Insurance

Hospitalization
75 State Street

ternoon. the team was cut to its
filial number of twenty, all of
whom “ill see action in honor
row's game Many of lltc team
tltt'tlllicl's were \arsity ball players
in their high schools, a fact which
greatly enhances the strength of
the team

Rivalry teams are

LIFE — AUTO - FIRE   
good. but this is not enough. In

order for the team of your choice
to win. It is necessary for you to
show spirit and enthusiasm by at-
tending each of the scheduled
events.

HO 2—5581

 

 

 

 

 

