 

PAGE 8

 

Spinning the
Sports Wheel

by Bill Colgan

They’re off. Well maybe we’ve jumped the gun a
mite, but not by much. Tomorrow will witness the
end to State’s summer sports lay-off as Joe Garcia’s
booters journey down to Adelphia to kick off their 1962
season. As is par for the course, the Peds won’t
open their campaign at home, but we hope none of
you will be left at the gate when they do begin blasting
their victims around the College Playing Field next
Saturday. The quicker those new stands we finally
have look used the better.

It promises to be another fine all-aroundyear for
sports here at State, with cross—country, basketball,
wrestling, baseball, golf and tennis rounding out the
varsity schedule.

Least We Forget

If you’re an upperclassman you can stop reading
this column right now. From here on in, we’re
speaking strictly to the frosh.

So rivalry has begun, and that’s all you can think
about. So you want to prove you’re better than the
Sophs. Well, we’ll let you in on a little secret. if
you want to be better than the Sophs ever we re sports-
wise, all you have to do is support your teams.

That’s right. You’ll be fielding your own teams
all year long. Take a little stroll over to the College
Field some time and note the group of soccer players
working out under the able coaching of Bob Burlin—
game. Frosh to the last man. Walk down to the Wash—
ington Armory later this winter and you’ll see your
team play before every varsity game. Next spring
baseball and tennis will provide the same story.

Last year State also had freshmen teams — good
teams that you’ll be pressed to match. Unfortunately
on many an occasion very few people ever saw these
fine ball clubs play. Take it from us. There were
times last year when 50 spectators watched a soccer
game, when five people in the 1500 seat Armory wit—
nessed the start of a basketball game, when the entire
attendance at a baseball game totaled two.

Support Rivalry, but don’t forget your own.

 

FR OSH
SOCCER

BEGINS

Soccer returns again to Albany
on the freshman level with the
opening game scheduled for Octo-
ber 3 at Hudson Valley Community
College.

This year’s squad, as with
most freshman squads in the past,
is hampered mainly by a lack of
experience and depth. There are
approximately twenty men on the
team, abouthalfofwhom have some
previous experience atplayingsoc-
cer.

Coach Burlingame is high on
certain members of the squad—
players he is counting on to form
the nucleus around which the team
can be built. These include: (ioalies
John Millechep and Dan Kisie1(who
has no previous experience)‘, llalf—
backs Bob Greene and George Van
Dyne; Fullbacks Pete \Vilfer and
Jim Brooks (also lacking experi-
ence), and Forwards (ieorge (lud—
dat and Bill lilenberg.

Hoping to improve upon last
year’s 3-5—1 record — a year
marked by the unusual closeness of
all of the games —- the freshmen
again will have a tough battle on
their hands (or shouldwe say feet).
They played a scrimmage gameon
September 2‘3 against Union, in
preparation for the coming season,
and although they lost 5—0, the team
looked good in many spots. It’s
hoped that this scrimmage was
beneficial in smoothingout some of
the team’s rough spots. 'l‘hisycar’s
schedule includes games with (fol-
gate andtiranget‘ounty Community

('ollcgc, the latter one of llll‘ top
teams in the vast.

it is hoped that t‘oat-h Burlin-
gunu:’s team can come up to its
potential and t‘tlllllllllt' this with its
high spirit to gum the team a very
successful season.

The tcnm opens the season at
home on \\t-dnesday at 4:30 against
ltl’l. It is hoped that as runny
freshmen as possible \vill lll' on

hand to support their team.

 

233 Central Ave.

Ready for  . o a complete selec-

tions of wearing apparel for career and college
men.

Yollnt’ inch making Iht'il' lI|.t[l\' in NW “will
zipprcciatr the cons» l\.tll\t‘ good lmli‘ tin t-
fintl at Spt-ttor's. 'l‘ht-y thoroughly .Ilillllht' the
quality and lllt' st'usihlt- prion. \\'t' lll‘xlxl on

in everything from suits .uul sportsman .lII(l
accessorics to shirts, ltlltlt‘l‘\\t‘.tr. swtuttt-is
and own ties.

SUITS 35.95 to 55.00

Natural shoulder styles so correct for husinm
or campus in line all wool uorsterls. herring-
honcs, twreds or tickweauos. \Iany with vcxts.
Sizes 35 to 42 regular. 30 to 4‘2 long.

SPORTCOATS 19.95 to 35.00

Fine wools in domestic and imported I\\(‘t'tl$,
herringboncs, stripes and mixtures. Also our
wool flannel blazer at just 25.95.

ACCESSORIES

Wt-ll tailoH-d -l u l’\5 in uool, atrvlit- and Wool, Bug
pnllslll‘tl totloin, toidurou . . . [lilt‘ hind up

out raincoat» . . . winter jut kt’tx .tlltl r'uiupus touts . . .
tuxctlom anrl ltl[)(‘ti.|ls . . ahnut .tll \ou tit-rd

for the good hit: but our (illt‘ltlll‘y (liiht'll

collections now

SPECTOR’S 233 Central Ave.

 

 

 

SHOP EVERY NIGHT ’TIL 9 P. M.

PARK FREE IN OUR '1 IIG lOTS
Oppositi Our Store Maintained Juut for You.

...-.............
..- o
. ..

21 inch Airline Case or Club
with every University
Wovdrobe amounting to $75
OI “Tole.

PAY NOTHING NOW. CHARGE Ill
HRSI TRUST CHARGE PLAN

We If! (my man - - may buy - -- from It“!!! (0 toe!

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 28. 1982

 

I962 AMIA Season Set
Football Opens New Year

Probably one of the most ac—
tive organizations at State is the
A.M.I.A. (Association of Men’s
Intramural Activities), which gov—
erns all phases of Men’s Intra-
mural Activities during the school
year. It has an extensive program
of activities in which all men of
State are welcome to participate.

The complete calendar of
events includes: touch football,
basketball, tennis, golf, volleyball,
archery. softball, table tennis, and
badminton. Other activities are
included as interest is displayed.
There are also co—ed activities
(like the swimming program) that
are jointly sponsored by A.M.I.A.
and W.A.A. (Women’s Athletic As-
sociation).

A.M.I.A. is an organization
dedicated to helping the men of

State gain release for some oftheir
pent-up energies and to provide
good exercise for those who would
not otherwise enjoy it. All male
students at State are heartily urged
to participate in at least one of
A.M.I.A.’5 varied activities. Touch
football teams have been working
out all this week in preparation for
next week’s season openers. As in
previous years, squads will be
formed from fraternities and
men’s residence halls and houses.
A wa rds for participation and
achievement will be presented at
the end of the year.

A.M.I.A. officers are: Lynn
Costello, President; Jeff Millard,
Vice Presitlent;“i§d Budnikas, Fi-
nancial Secretary; and Bro] Fitz-
gerald, Recording Secretary.

 

--Soccer Schedules--

FROSH
Wed, Oct. 3 Hudson Volley
Sci. Oct. 6 Cobleskill
Wed. Oct. IO RPI'
Sat. Oct. 13 Oswego"
Sci. Oct. 20 RCC
Sci. Oct. 27 North Adonis~
Tues. Oct. 30 Oronge COumy‘

Sat. Nov. 3 Colgate

‘ Home Comes
i Night Games at Bleecker

VARSITY
Sat. Sept. ?9 Adelphia
Sat. Oct. 6 Geneseo'
Wed. Oct. l0 Oneonto
Sci. Oct. l3 Oswego'
Wed. Oct. lo Potsdom'
Sat. Oct. 20 Plonsburg
Sot. Cct. 27 Bridgeport
Wed. Oct. 3] New Poltz‘T
Wed. Nov. 7 RPI'T
Sci. Nov. l0 Brockpon

 

 

State College

(to-op

Text Book Information
%

on textbooks all year

Absolutely
No Refunds or Exchanges
Without Initialed Program Adjustment
Card and Receipt

REFUNDS
from October 1-“ Only

'/3 Off
after October ll, l962
on refunds

COMMONS HOURS:

9:00 A.M.—4:30 P.M., Mon-Fri.
9:00 A.M.———2:00 PM, Sat. Sept. 29
   Sat, OCT. 6

discount

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1962

Varsity Boaters Kick off ’62 Season Against Adelphi

 

PAGE 7

Ped Harriers Shape up 8 Returning Letterman Comprise
Solid Nucleus for Soccer Team

State’s varsity soccer team will kick—offits 1962 campaign tomorrow in Garden
City, Long Island, against a tough Adelphia squad. According to coach Joe Garcia,
the Feds should register a winning season if they continue to improve as they have
in the past two weeks of practice.

Coach Garcia is lucky in having a solid nucleus of returning lettermen around
which to build the team. These fine players with previous varsity experience include

For Tough Year Ahead,
Team Spirit Runs High

State’s Cross—Country Club will return for its
second year of play this fall. Last year, the club’s
initial year, it swept to a record of 3 victories and 0
losses. This season’s squad wants to continue its
winning ways. As Coach Munsey has said, “This team

wants to go.”

Robinson Heads Returning Letterman

Number one man last year was soph Tom Robin—
son. Tom, described by Coach Munsey as in excellent
shape, worked out last spring, and duringthe summer,
he ran 3:14 for the 3/4 mile. This according to Coach
Munsey is better than average.

Experienced runners returning this year along
with Tom are Bill Bronson, ’64; Art l’lrtmell, ’63;
Steve Doleski, ’64; and Paul Moran, ’64. Competing
with these are the following upperclassmen who showed
promise in practice sessionlastspring. Dick Sarnow—
ski, ’65; Dennis 'l‘uttle, ’65; Steve Bacon, ’64; and
Guy McBride, ’65.

Eight Frosh Give Team Depth

The fresh will be well represented. [leading the
roster of fresh out for cross-country are John Clark
and Joe “Pep” l’izzillo from Canadaigua Academy.
l’izzillo and Clark will both be heard from this year.
Backing up these two hurries are the followii‘ig frosh
and transfers; Steve Curti, (Treat Neck; Ken Davis,
Guilderland; Hon Kujawski, Florida; Chuck llastran—
gelo, Peckskill; Mac Nickles, Chatham; and Alex Smith,
Ravena.

 

 

a  GARY

PENl-‘ll‘flll

 

I'll)
BROOMFIICID

v-t eel
, ’" ’°‘ a (run
' ~.- SMI'I'II
A
a w

General Information

Aosawmv Na REFUNDS 0R Exmuocs
eruaur 6AM REGISTER RECEIPT

Check Cashing Hours.. goo AWL-12AM.
too P.M.~i;00 PM.

There is (1 10¢ charge and you MUST
have your current Student Tux Curd

Co-0p Hours; 8.45 A.M.tso PM, Mon—Fri.
8:45 A.M.too P.M., 5.x.

‘lhanlt You for Your Patience and Cooperation

STATE COLLEGE

you...
00"!
vol...

 

 

 

co—captains Ed Broomfield and Gary Penfield, Bob
Seaman, Gary Smith, Stu Nichleson, Phil Shaw, Ed
Reid, and Dave Schyer. Coming up from last year’s
freshmen ranks are Fred Rawe, Ed \Volner, Marty
Miller, A] I—lendrickson, Len Bergen, John Schneider,
Tom Flanigann and Tom Comeau. New this year to
soccer at State are Carl Sand , Lou Espina, Paul
Harvey, Dick Kimball, and Balil Sadikaj. It is hoped
that these men will give the team added punch and
depth.

The Peds will undoubtedly be at a disadvantage
with the loss of last year’s two highest scorers——All—
American Karl Heinz (lerstenbergerandlrwin Seimon.
These dual losses have not dampened the spirit of the
team, however, which hopes to prove itself the equal
of last year’s squad which posted a fine 8—2 record.

The team began practice Sept. 13, and has met
daily since then. Coach Garcia has been wielding the
team into a solid unit ever since then. Some work still
has to be done before the members will reach their
peak as an efficient working soccer squad.

in preparation for their ten game season, the
l’cds have Scrimmaged four times—-twice with Union
College, anti once each with the Albany Athletic Club
and Williams (.‘ollcg‘c. 'l‘he i’eds improved noticeably
between their first scrimmage with Union and their
latest outing against Williams.

The Pods will open their home season with (ieneseo
next Saturday. It is hoped that a large crowd will turn
out to support them.

 

Open I'Ive. 'til 9

   

 

shop

Every limr you turn (Irvin/(l

(rm/ff f)(’ g/m/ 113‘ (l

   

College Fashion purchased at
THE CLASSIC SHOP

 l‘tlll Iii/f [Vi-nil 111/ your favoriti-

li’rzmi/ VJIIH‘S fft‘l’t'

We are but u 3 minute walk
from school. Why not come
in and browse around after

class?

5])t‘t‘llti/ (‘tufft‘gt‘
(“barge xlt‘ttounls

In t'fft‘tf

Sweaters from $3.00
Skirts from $5.00

('Imryr It.’

23I CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

