 

PAGE 6

State Loses Last Game 16-13;
Crow Captures M. V. P.

The State Varsity wrestling team had its final season
total evened to 5—5 as a result of the 16-13 defeat at the
hands of the men of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Their showing in the Conference tournament this past
Saturday at Oswego State also ended in defeat by Oswego
and Cortland in total points.

The Cortland State team, which previously beat our
team, came out the tournament victor with a total of 89
points. Oswego was second with 74; Albany, third with 45;
Oneonta, fourth with 26. Three of our wrestlers, Ray Bou—
chard, Clem Crow and John Woytowich, made the finals
in their respective weight classes. Ray Bouchard wrestled
Frank Millard, who wrestled in the 130 pound class when
we wrestled Cortland. At the end of regulation time Ray
and Frank were even in points, but Ray scored a 2—0 victory
in the overtime period.

Clem Crow showed his best form as be defeated Neal
Aubel of Cortland, 10-2. This outstanding victory enabled
Clem to pick up the Most Valuable Wrestler award given
in the tournament. John Woytowich, our third wrestler,
was the only Albany State wrestler to be defeated in the
finals. Gary Dillingham of Cortland decisioned John, giv-
ing his team some more points. Clem Crow was one of six
repeat winners and was the only one from our team.

In their final match of the season, our colorbearers
were defeated as a result of their failure to fill the unlimit-
ed class. In this match and in the Oswego match Dick
Board, who wrestled both of their unlimiteds, posted a vie-
tory but Dick can not wrestle officially until next season.
Ray Bouchard added another victory to his total, this time
with the use of riding time. His record is 9-1, with his only
loss at the hands of C. W. Post. Clem Crow ended his final
season here at State with another pin, this time over Ecklc-
man, making his season read 10-0. Clem has never been
defeated in college wrestling (dual matches).

Jay Katzel was unable to wrestle due to an injury he
received in the tournament, but his season record was 5-4.
Ron Kent, who up until this match had only wrestled ex-
hibition, was decisioned 9—3 by Reigle. Art Brunelle, once
again looked off his pace as he was decisioned 7-4. Art‘s
season record was 5-5. John Woytowich ended his season
with a 6-5 decision over Turner, making his season record
8-2. John will be returning next year. John Bennett was
once again decisioned, making his season record 1-9. Al-
though John's record does not seem too good, he has pro-
gressed a great deal. Tom Ellis also finished his wrestling
at State, but in his last match, Tom tied Bierman, making
his season record, 5—4-1. The only other wrestler, Carlos
LaBoy, wrestled in one match, which he lost by a pin.

The freshman team ended the season without a vic—
tory. However this last match brought a victory to Eugene
Monaco, upping his season record to 6-3. The only other
victor, Dick Robelotto, made this his only victory.

4 Teams In Cage Tourney
As Action Enters Fina/ Rounds

The AMIA Coiiimiissioners bas- ing. Dave .lenks lead the APA ()f.
ketball tournament moved into the fensive effort with 12 points, Ill-rt)
final round this week with all but Dieck contributed 8 and (lary
four teams Mint! (‘liminaledt Still Smith came up with 7, (lary l’en-
remaining in conipetion are: the field lead l'It‘Il’ with 12 markers.
Goobers, seeded first. l’otter I, Madiwn Wins
seeded second, Al’A, seeded third, “I 1,. ' . v
and Madison-Lake, seeded fourth. ,n‘ dilmn'l“'k“ “WWW” “I” it

[n [hp {mle mum]. MW “,1” wk“ Jr .1.» triumph over a stubborn Ap-
ache squad. llick tiderizli helped

on the (loobers and l’ottcr will “,1 I k I .
meet Madison Lake, The victors  :5‘m' ‘l" ‘3 1” WI" “1) it 21 it:
in these contests \\lll square off "‘ H'” ““l I“ Ill" ef't'utltl half

the Apaches suitchcd to a four
man /.one and held tideriui to 5
points, but \\t't‘t' unable to make
up the half-time deficit. iltlt't'lYll
\ias' game high Will] 2! points", ltoy
l\'iiapp lead the Apaches til the
scoring department.

SNACK BAR

Where Universal

Tuesday. March 4; at 9 fin to de
Cide the championship
(ioobers Top Men's

ln tournament action this week
Waterbury l hoiiiiced the lnfinites
but was eliminated by the (loobei's
in their third round match This
Victory secured a final round birth
for The (loobers 'l'he Sleepers lost
to l'll'LI‘ after pounding out a \it'
tory oter Waterbury H .\l'.\ nosed
out l'll'll’, 159351 in a liiii'dt'oiight do
{ensue battli- Al'A lead at the half
211:3 and there was never more
than seven points separating the
two teams l'll-.l’ rallied in the sec
and half, but was" unable to crack
the tight Al‘A roiie As the paint
was pi'iiiiai'ily a defensite strug-
gle, tlit-ic was a litillllltlllll of scor

 

Characters Meet

To Discuss

 

’ t'nivcrsal
TOM S BARBER SHOP
K7 IHHIIN SI‘lH-LI'J'I'
(‘oi'iici' of itobiii and West.
I55 YinAltS til" l'I.‘(l'l'Iltll'l.’\(.'i‘I

Truths.

 

 

 

EEP Gains Game
In AMIA Bowling
As KB Drops One

Potter picked up a game on second-
place KB this week in the AMIA
First Bowling League, as they
downed SLS 4-0 while K11 dropped
one of its games to the red-hot
t‘ommuter team. l‘otter won its
match handily, downing SLS by
392 pins. Al Sabo led the Club to
victory as he pounded the maples
for a fine 57;“) ti‘ipple, with a 205
single.
KB Drops 1 Game

The Commuters gave it all they
had against K15, and almost “took
all the marbles." The first two
games Weren't decided until the
tenth frame, with Kit winning the
first game 811-790. But the Com-
muters bounced back to win the
second game 902-891. 'l‘heir 9o2
tied them with l’otter for second
high team single in the league.
KB then won the third game 888-
844. The KB team’s winning total
of 2590 is a new team high triple
for the season. An interesting item
is that the two teams combined
had a total of 198 strikes in the
three games! ! l

TKO Bows it)

In the other results W'bury ll
knocked off 'l‘.\'() t0, and won the
match by l-tt pins. W’biiry 1 and
Madison split their match, each
winning two points.

lligh triple was recorded by Al
Sabo with a 575, followed by Dave
ltowley, Sit-l, (‘laiide Frank, 556,
.)lci't Sutherland, 5:53, Dave ltoeg-
iier, 53-1, .liiii ('onklin. 527, Don
Fear, 519, and Phil Thomas, 508.

lligh single was hit by ltocgncr
With a 22-1, followed by ltowlcy’s

208, Sabo's 205, Frank's 20-1, and
Keith ('ooinb's 193.

l’ottci‘ 42-10
KB (iX-l-l ." 4
t‘onimiiters ZiZ-ltii 9
W'bui‘y it 27-25 ' l5

'l'Xt) 25-27 1 17
Madison 18-3-H24
W’bury 1 17-35 i 25
SLS ‘l--l8 ' 38

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1962

 

Touching All
Bases

By DAVE JENKS

 

If you are depressed, tired of swimming around in the
Albany weather, and not sure whether you’re gomgto last
until spring vacation, we have the perfect suggestion for
a better than average, pepper-upper type weekend. Zap
down to Cortland and watch our State “dribble and
shooters” hoop it up against the best state college basket
ball competition around, in the State Tournament. Almost
one year ago we were seeded first; predicted to take this
annual event, but luck was not with us and we lost our
first round game with Oswego. This year things are much
different; we are seeded only fourth, and we are not gomg
to lose our first round game or maybe any game. Unfortu-
nately the experts (whoever they are) don’t agree. These
“oddballs” pick Oswego to go home the victor, but they
were wrong last year, why not make them wrong again.
The schedule is as follows, with the seedings in parenthes13.

Thursday Friday Saturday
(1) Oswego 7 RM
7 RM.
(5) Buffalo 7 RM.
8 P.M.
(3) Cortland 9 RM.
7 RM.
(7) Oneonta 9 P.M.
Champion
(2) Brockport 4 RM.
9 RM.
(6) New Paltz 4 RM.
8 PM.
(4) Albany 2 P.M.
9 RM.
(8) Potsdam 2 RM.

I Predict That . . .

Most sportswriters become addicted to the gentle art
of predicting the future (or at least trying to predict it),
and not wanting to be a non conformist I, also, have got-
ten the urge to join them and will cleverly disguise myself
as a crystal ball.

I see Albany beating Potsdam by 12, then edging
Brockport by 4, and finally serving the axe to their old tor-
nientors from Oswego by 2 (possible overtime). Any way
you look at it, Brockport is the big one; if we can get by
them I feel the chances are very good that it will be vic~
toriesville for Albany. In any case, win, lose, or draw, Be
Theretl at Cortland to help cheer our great bunch of bats-
ketball players along.

 

 

Sf“ £108»

 

“Now, now Susan. . everybody

can’t be the Homecoming Queen!" (

21 GREAT TOBACCOS MAKE 20 WONDERFUL SliilOKES!

 

 ................. 

 

AGED MIL‘, BLENDED MILD NOT FlLTEltED MILD llttY SATISFY

iI,

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1982

PAGE 7

 

Peds End Season With 82-68 Over Plattsburgh

Crosett Racks Up 40 Points Friday 0

To Set New Frosh Scoring Record

Any way you look at it, it was Dick Crosett night at
the Armory last Friday. The 92-62 drubbing the Frosh
cagers inflicted on Plattsburgh’s hopelessly outclassed ball
club was only a side-show to the brilliant performance put
on by the “Big Man”.

 H In an exhibition of Grade A Basketball, State‘s lanky
6 .3 center sank 16 of 20 field goal attempts, and converted
a perfect 8-8 from the foul line, for a total of 40 points!
This set a new Frosh scoring record, shattering the old
mark of 37 points established by Ray Weeks last year.
In addition to his outstanding shooting, Crosett also came
through with a sparkling effort under the boards, collect-
ing 17 rebounds. Add to this six or seven assists which
nobody bothered to count, plus some fine ball—stealing, and
it's not hard to see where Dick played himself one whale
of a ball game. When taken out by Coach Hisscrt with
four minutes left in the game, he was given a standing
ovation by his teammates and the few State fans who witc—
nesscd his tremendous play.

Though overshadowed by ('rosett,
the Frosh five on the whoh did
well for themselves, as every man
saw action Although no one hit
double figures. the l’ed shooting
was pretty good. as Ron ltainilton
scored eight markers, and Stan
Hamilton and Kirk lilllis tallied
seven apiece.

Edge ABC 5150

Monday was a different
lltiW't'\(‘l‘, {IS (‘l‘ttSL'tl and

Last
stor}.

the l’eds were stymied by a
determined squad from Albany
Business (‘ollege. and were just

able to cek out a 5151) victory.

Danny Zeb. State's number two
son all year. provided the winning
spark in this one. as ('i‘osett was
held to 1-1 points. Zeb chalked up
eight field goals and five free
throws beliliid some nifty shooting,
to pace the l-‘rosh with 21 points.

The game started slowly, and the
Feds found themselves with a
slight h-ti advantage after ten iiiiii-
iiti-s of play. Warming to the ac-
tion. the Frosh finally began to
move out at this point, and opened
the bulge to 21-12 at the half. After
that. despite a fine effort ABC was
unable to overtake State.

As a team, the l’eds netted ~16"
of their shots behind 2H?) shooting,
and outrcboiiiided the losers 15-1-18.

 

   

"()l’” SINKS a twisting
defender looks on.

 

ERASE WITHOUT A TRACE
UN liJ.-\'I‘()i\"S CURRXSABLE BOND

  

tooth-type. lllllll-(lllIl-lll'tb. Itpc \\llll one hand tied
li‘.iii-l ‘.It||l lie l». iii- l'.t y to turn out [nth-ct pipers
.ii. t‘iiii.i-.ilili- lit'lilll e \Ittl t.ttl ci.i e \\lllltill| it llitl’t'.
i‘-llllt' i ltlil ill il-pt if file [|t.t:‘lt‘ lillll iii-t Illl' llitk tll
tllli‘ltlllldl‘tlilliilllllt'l.‘il1tlt'rl|i\Itillt‘lliillt't'lthllll‘
iiiil outwit. lli" Jitilll iiilitt'

inlei ll‘it i .t‘. ititl'lt' lll it ‘ill u “m,
lleltlllt. ltt«l\\ i it lit .iiiiltliiioii V I" f
\fiii. Iii toil-u ltli iii ltltt liitl 
pelit- .iiiil Mt lint |t'.ll|l " ‘
lam . Hill. llllill iii.il-.t- ’74!th
(tiii tutlvlt ["Ffmfwﬂlggzlﬁsg

0Q- ‘
. 4 61g
"ream-H

l‘.l"l"’N I‘AI’I‘JII (IUIH‘UIIA'I'IUN :1  I'I'I”I':1I‘II'.'I.II, MASS.

A lit il.-liii'e ‘l‘ypcivi‘itci l’apci

 

 

 

ii.

 

one-handcr, as

ppedisano Meshes Nets For 21 Points;

Saturday Game With Oswego Cancelled;
Albany Seeded 4th in State Tournament.

The varsity basketball team end-
ed its regular home season last
Friday night, a day early. as they
easily defeated the ('ai'dinals of
Plattsburgh State, 82-bit. The game
scheduled with the ()su'cgo Liikers
for Saturday night was cancelled
because of the heavy snow. This
week is an all important one for
the team as they entered the three-
day ('ortliind 'l‘ournament which
started yesterday.

The l’lattshui'gh game proved to
be a relatively easy one for the
team as they jumped out to an

early lead and never relinquished
A basket b_\ .liiii (lrecnc opened

   

inuniificd I’lattsburgh

WAA Bowling

Draws To Close

Basketball

Basketball was held lioth ’l‘ucs-
day and 'l'liiii'sday night. The re
suits of those games are not turned
in yet.

Anyone interested in refci‘eeinil
should contact iliss lhixley. if you
do want to referee. you should have
siittlt' espei‘it'iict' if not a recent
qualification

Howling

'l'he bowling season is driiwmg
to a close. girls so let's see you
-,iipport your team by going to the
lliee alleys on 'l'hursday afternoons
at four and signing up either With
\our stil‘til‘ll) or dorm team.

Volleyball

The second place team for the
\tillt‘)ltttll season which was oniit
ted last week is lleta Zeta.

('oruer UN'l‘Altlt) and lil'lNStiN

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

DIAL -l—l l3?)

College Florist for Years

 

 

 

 

By GARY SMITH
the s cor i n g for the l’eds.
Two quick baskets by the visitors
put them in a temporary lead, but
a run of eight and then six straing
points put the l’eds in front 20-8.
lta) Weeks and (lrcenc were the
spiirkplugs in this as the
former hit on jumpers and the lat-
ter was underneath. Al-
bany kept piling on the points and
only steady Wayne
Lasliway and llol) (lengway of the

drive
deadly
shooting by
t‘ardinals kept the game close, A

with (‘ar-
()ppedisano. and two free

late spurt baskets by
iiicllo.
throws by John Wallace gave the
team a 45-29 halftime lead.

The sixteen point lead at iiiter-
mission proved to he too much for
the northern visitors to overcome
in the second half. \l'ellbiilanced
play by the team was evident in
the second half. With the team
ahead 48-37 an eight poiiii spurt
led by Oppedisano and Roger Casey
put the game on ice. Wayne Lash-
way and big Mike Stanton were the
big guns for l’lattsburgh but they
were ineffective. for the l’eds‘ won
easily.

Statistic wise. .liiii Uppedisano
led Albany as he meshed 21 points.
llill (‘armello with 14 and Jim
Greene with 12 were other impor-
tant contributors for the team,
Wayne Lasliway paced Plattsburgh
with 18 while Mike Stanton added
l-t From the floor, Albany hit 31
of (37 shots for a good 46'? aver-
age while the (‘ardinals were 30
for lift with a 45'? average. The
foul line once again made the dif-
ference as it has many times this
year Albany was 20 for 30 while
the \is'itors were a poor 8 for 21.

The team was deprived of the
job of playing Oswego when the
Lakei‘s refused to travel because
of the heavy snow and poor road
conditions. The game would have
been an interesting one, indeed. for
as it turned out the Lakers are
seeded .\'o. 1 It] the ('oi‘tland ’l‘our
iiiiiiicnt

The teams are seeded as follows,

Viv

‘sﬂﬂlﬂa' ;
 4 3"

 

BILL (‘AllMl‘lLliO drives for

fenders.

 

for this, the climax of a long and
highly successful season: 1 - Os-
wego, 2 - Brockport, 3 - Cortland,
4 - ALBANY. 5 - Buffalo, (5 - New
l’altz, 7 - ()neonta. 8 - Potsdam.
According to the season’s records
we are seeded perfectly. We lost
to Brockport 92-89 and also took
it on the chin from (‘ortlaiid 62-57.
We have beaten all the teams seed-
ed below us at least once and we
have two wins this year over New
i’alt'l. and Onconta.

The team eighth-seeded
Potsdam last night. They beat this
team earlier in the year in over-
time. Should they win this game.
they will take on the winner of the
Brockport-New Paltz game on Fri-
day at 9 pin. The winner will then
play in the championship at 8 pm.
on Saturday.

When asked about the team's
chances, Sattct‘s‘ said, “We have, I
feel. a better tournament team than
last year. ()ur good outside shoot-
ing should make up for our lack of
rebounding We expect to be in
every game right up to the end,
as we have all year long.” When
asked who he feared most in the
tournament. the coach stated. “We
are not afraid of anybody. We have
as good a chance as anybody else in
the tournament.”

played

Sauci's also stated that his start-
ing lineup would consist of Car-
mello, ()ppedisano, Deluca, Weeks
and Wallace, a group that has
worked well together all season.
When asked about the troubles that
the team has run into at the tour-
nament in ihL last few years Sauers
replied, “We are anxious to atone
for last year‘s defeat in the tourna-
ment. We were disappointed that
we couldn‘t play ()s‘wego last Sat-
urday. lt deprived the Seniors of
playing their last scheduled home
game. They are particularly anxi-
ous to do well at t‘ortland.”

We go along with every student
here at State t‘ollegc in wishing a
fine team (18-1) good luck at the
tournament.

'A‘w‘h

score over taller l'lattshurgh do

 

  

