 

 

 

 

    

PAGE 6

,4“, J,“ School Begins
Three Terms

Vice-President Marlene Gillis Doctor Thomas H. Hamilton:
’64 announces that it is no longer President of the State Universityof
compulsory for the sisters to New York, has announced the ad—
smoke Marlboro, Alpine, and Par- vancement of plans for the year-
liament cigarettes — just Phillip round operationof three previously
Morrisi l designated colleges of the system.

A coffee-hour with the brothers This plan will start on schedule
of Kappa Beta was held after the with the 1963 summer session.
meeting Monday night, Dec. 3. The Trustees of the State Uni—

versity have approved this plan to

Presi (1635;358:221 5,233.31 , 64 an- better utilize the State University’s
nounces that the following girls present facilities. This pilot pro—
were pledged: Joanne Rene”, gram includes colleges which rep-
Phyuis Silversmith and Elaine resent the different types of units

Picciano. Sophomores, and Elaine Klith the System and thh now
Koch ,64. ate heavy enrollments.-

Barbara Schnurr’64is chairman of ﬁhiggeiizigg‘ pl?" Will Con?“
of the three-trimming party to be enterm each 5 O eqflllahnufn er
held for StatesmenonSunday after- in attengd fyear’ w 10 Mube
noon from 2_6. ance or two consecutive

A coffee-hour will be held with 5:2,:50nf0u%:§gr 32,8 fiufnSJgign

T f . . . . — r

he a x1 omega Monday night plan, four classes willattend three
GAMMA KAPPA PHI

consecutive terms again followed
President Sue Platt ’63 an— by a one'term Vacation-

 

There
nounces thatacoffee-hour was held Will 3150 be ’1 Year-Pound calendar
on NOV. 19 for Sigma Lambda for accelerated college students.
Sigma and Kappa Beta. In order that the year-round
Also a Date Party was held on Calendar might function properly.
Nov. 16 at the Fort Orange Club, an equal number of freshmen must
Music was providedby the “Golden be admitted each term Dr. Hamil—
Berries_” ton noted. Dr. Hamilton has re—
Christmas activities willinclude ported that studies have indicated
a Faculty—Sorority party on Dec. that the total enrollments at the
17 and the annual Sorority Christ- COlleges will be increased,
mas Party on Dec, 18, The advantages of the introduc—
piret Kutt and Terrie Cultlep, tion of this balanced calendar now
Juniors have been elected as 00— will be felt in the preparations for
Chairmen for Formal Dinner to the anticipated enrollment of 1964
be held in March. and 1965.
If this pilot program proves
BETA ZETA v -
president Lorraine Crispen ’63 successful, Dr. Hamilton said that

when increased enrollment res—
announces that there was a faculty p

sures indicate the usefulness of
party held at the house on Friday. the a 1' t' f ~
Nov. 30 from 8—12. pp 1021 ion 0 this program, the

was had by am A g°0d time year—round calendar may be grad—

uall ut ' t '
A coffee—hour will be held for unité p m 0 Operation at Other

the men of Potter Club on Mon-
day evening, Dec. 10. I

Also, a Christmas tree trim—
ming party will be held at the
house on Dec. 9 from 3-5 for off—
campus men.

PHI DELTA
President June Druian ’63 an—
nounces that Georgine Altamore
’64 is director for the Christmas
Sing.

New College
Encourages

Brotherhood

Copenhagen, Denmark

A new international college
opened in Denmark this fall with
faculty and student body from all
Hamilton and Linda Shearer. Jun_ parts of the world. The college is
mm! and Kay Baker ,65 were governed bya jointstudent—faculty
initiated last Monday‘ An Open boardvin co-operation with an in—
House for Off campus men will be ternational advisory council. The
held tonight from 823012. Vito langbsb language is usod in in—
is Genera'lChairman' struction and in coiloquia. The

A tremtrimming party win he prime objective of New l’ixpcri—

held on Sunday with Harriet (ioid— mental (191mm? is to catalyze an
man .m Charge. evolution in education. The found—

ing body, drawn from four coun—
‘ KAPPA BETA trics, has a student—faculty ratio
ii rank Dania ’63 announces that (if one in one. -
Dave Hratt, Hob Dieiz, iiob Luc- At prescni, thrce core courses
zynski, Art Johnston. and Hay Se- and a varicty of olhcr courscs arc
verns were formally initiated into being offered. The core courscs
the fraternity on Monday, Dec, 3, are continuous in naturc having

There will bi; a (‘bristmns party points of rcfcrcncc and association
at the house Sundaycvcning, Dcc.  with all nrcns of coilcgi- :ictivilv.
Slill clnHScs nrc also hold in llit‘Si‘
coui‘scs.

(‘lnsscs nrc hcid in tlic arcns of
Abnormal Psychology, Relativity,
iilci'aiurc, itiissiiin, and Filin—
Making. (iucsi lcciurcs in (‘vbcr—
iii-tics, iicogrnpby, and Dialcr-iical
Maicriiilism nrc scbcdiilcd.

'l'hcrc is also :icourScoffcrcd in
Applicd l.llil'i'iil A ris, in which iiic
goal is to organmc :inri Iniitc ilic
theory and practicc of cconomics,
poetry, and cducaiion.

"().\ 'l'lll'l \\'l‘l.\l‘l'.'"

SIGMA ALPHA
Trische MacDoweil ’64, Vice
President, announces that Perci

THETA XI OMEGA
President Charles Hakcr ’63
wishes to commend (.‘o-chnirmcn
Jim liotiois ’65 and Dob Sargcni
'64 and all of their capablc as—
sistcnts: iiili iirannick, Doniiiiiiz,
l’iiul Mnurcr, Jim Morrcli and
Dave Simone, Sophomorcs and Len
l’ackman '64 for thcir fine band~
ling of Nov. fillih’s Formal Hush
Party. it was a vcry successful
and pleasure—filled evcni.

 

  

Shop l'Inii}. i'oi' a lil'lll‘l'
Si'lciiioii iii

Harold Finkle

“l’til'lt .IrLli'iiirJt"
3307 Central Avenue
lilSt'Ul'N'l'S TO ALL b'l‘l'lHiNl‘S
l"iill l..ii(,‘ of ('lini'iiis

Ladies and Men's Jewelry

“"3” “Hutu” Diamonds, Watt-hes and Gifts!

JL’MUR .-\('(.‘(ll.'.'\'l

 

 

 

 

Students Help
Deprived

by Kathy Gian

How big is your world? We like
to remind ourselves that our col—
lege experiences broaden our ho—
rizons tremendously as we find
ourselves with new surroundings,
new people, and new ideas. But
all too often, our horizons expand
only within very narrow limits
which have successfully kept us
from exposure to anything which
would be too threatening to us.

Students Live in Low-Income District

I was a member of a group of
students which spent the past sum—
mer living in a low-income, pre—
dominantly Negro district of Buf—
falo, New York. Our purpose was
to discover what would happen if
we tried to live without some of
the barriers with which we had
surrounded ourselves for so many
years, and attempted to confront,
openly and honestly, people who
were very much different from
ourselves — in race, socio—eco—
nomic status, and attitudes. Asl
try to describe my experiences, I
constantly use the word “excite—
ment” — not the excitementofliv—
ing in an area where gangs fight
with weapons rather than words,
nor the excitement of doing a
sociological study of other people,
nor the excitement of reforming
lives or saving souls, but the ex—
citement of confrontingindividuals
and discovering in them warmth,
acceptance, humor. and hope, along
with bitterness and despair.

Coke Shop Introduced

As one way ofmeetingteenagers,
we opened a “coke shop,” with
admission for all and with no rules
other than those imposed by the
law. We felt a constant tension
because of the noise, the crowds,-
and the activity, but our willing—
ness to endure that tension enabled
us to communicate with teenagers
who aren’t influenced by conven—
tional patterns ofchurch and social
work.

Project in Albany

At the same time, students in
Albany were working in similar
situations with similar discover—
ies. A group of students is now
interested in establishing a coke
shop for teenagers in Albany, prob—
ably in the South End. Working
through the (‘ampus Christian
(.‘ouncii, we hope to open a place
where teenagers can come for an
evening of relaxation which would
include dancingandotheractivities
which they initiate.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS , FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7,1962

 

| Campus Current

by R01 Ferrarra

And then along came Joan! I don’t know; it always
seems to happen — maybe Ijust think about it too much.
I’d better be careful, too — sometimes I think out loud.

Snap out of it, — pay attention now. Gee, this guy
next to me is a schlepp —- I swear if he scratches his
rib cage once more, I’ll scream. Now I’m getting
violent — not, maybe dramatic is the wordl’m searching
for — sixteen minutes to go. Let’s see, where was I‘?
(IT’S about the thirty—second memory span I have) If I
wear my hair differently, I’ll certainly be more notice—
able — maybe, — no, mother and dad don’t like it wound
around my wrists. Oh, monotonous tone —— thou‘art
driving me stir—crazy!

Only four and one—half days — till my dentist’s ap-
pointment, till my dentist’s appointment. I wish he
didn’t insist on my standing to have my cavaties filled
while he sits in the chair. Odd—that’s definitely the
situation. What’s new?

I have it worked out to meticuous precision now.
When the bell rings, I pile my books, then rise, give
two tugs on my skirt, and perambulate in a pace of
fifty steps a minute. It always works —— he appears
exactly when I round the corner —— he always smiles.
(Sigh), he’ll begin to speak . . .

And then along comes Joan—

— NOTICES —

_ Library Display
Off. 'Jun'o' Class. I The Chemistry Department, un—
icial Class Rings Will der the Chairmanshipofi)r, Donald
be on dlsplay in the lower- S. Allen has the current exhibit
- , - in Hawle Librar.
peristyle on Friday, De— Th y h f y,
is is t e ourti in a series of
:ember 14 from_ 9 a-m- to exhibits of materials written by
_ p.m.. There Will be a $5 faculty members. it sill remain
depOSIt. [f you don’t have until the Christmas recess.
the money for a deposit at
this time, your ring size
may still be taken. Rings

 

 

Madison House
House President Donald Diiltz
’65 announces that an Open House

will be received in the will be held this Sunday, Dec. 9,
Spring at the Junior Ban- from 3 m 5 p'm' .

uet A Date Party Will bc held to-
q - Student Guides morrow night from 8 to 1‘2 p.m.

Dr. Ellen Stokes, Dean of \\’o— Bill
men, and Dr. David Hartley, Dean
of Men, announce with Pat Pezzulo
and Hill Lco, Student Guide (To-
Chairmen for 1961—2, that the new
Co-Chairmen of Student Guides
for the year 1962—3 are AnnOuar-
tararo and Norm Stewart, Sopho—
mores.

illenberg ’66 is chairman.

Alden

The womcn of Alden Hail extend
their warmest congratulations to
the Queen and attendants of Al—
den’s Formal fiance, Aurora F.va-
ning, which was bold iastSnturday.

Those elected arc: Oucan —
Edie Waiter ’63, and aficndanis:
Senior — Gretta Heck, Junior ——
(‘oiumba Dc Francesco, Sopho—
morcs — Paula Probeck nndf‘nrol
liarch and Freshman — Maria
'l'ucci.

|.S.C.

'i‘hcrc will be a compulsory
meeting for all freshman girls on
Friday, December 7 at i p.m. in
Draper 349. This meeting con-
cerns sororities.

 

 

1;.

 

  
   
  
   

Christmas

Card, Wrapping Paper,
Ribbon, Gifts at

TheCo-Op

Only ii (00p

days to (hrisimos

Young Adult Fellowship

'l‘hc Methodist YAF will mcci
this Sunday in the Trinity .'\iciho—
dist (.‘hurch iii 6 p.m. 'i‘hc lripic
of discussion will bc iicsolVi-d:
intcrfaiib dating is bcncficial to
both pziriics invoIVcd.

’i'hc cvcning will includc :i sup—
pcr, ihc lliSr'liSSiOil and :i worship
sci-Vicc.

Resident Assistants
lili’i'l‘ will bc a workshop for
i'i‘liilli‘iil assistantstomorrow from
it to 13 n m. iii lii‘iiliill'lii'i‘. 'iiic
iopic will bc mcdical probii-ms.

Homecoming

.'\l:ii'lcc Sorciison :inil iiob Fair
banks, Juniors, i‘ti't'lliiii'iiil‘ii of
llomccoming, nnnouncc that lbc
Sisicrs of Sigma l’ni Sigma havi-
givcn lo ihc Siuilcnt A SHUi'liillllii ii‘lﬁ
[)i‘OfilS which ibcy rcccivcd from
tho sub; of ihc l’ompoms solildur—

ing iiomccoming \\‘ci-,kcnd.

 

 

Scnnic (‘oiiiiiiunicaiions (“om—
inillcc announces that a new slur
dcni mailing system will go into
effect Monday, Doc. 10,

All mcssagcs must bc in cn~
Vciopcs with the students’ mono
and rcsidcncc ball iiiiii'kodolcni‘ly.
Mail may bc dcposiicd at tho iii—
formalion booth in i‘rapcr iii any
time. Daily dclivcrics will be
made to ill] (loi'lillliii‘lUS liclwccn
.'i and 5 in lbc, aftcrnoon.

  

 

 

   

 

 

Greeks to Present Winterlude,
Apex of Winter Festivities

The annual IFC-ISC Christmas dance, Winterlude,
will be held tomorrow night, December 15, at the
Manger DeWitt Clinton Hotel from 9:00 until 1:00.
Furnishing the dancing and listening music for this for—
mal affair will be Bill Pearson’s Orchestra.

The Inter Fraternity—Inter Sorority Councils have
moved thls year’s Wmter' Club are in charge of arrange—
lude from the distant loca— ments.
tion of Crooked Lake Lodge Chapei‘ones were invited by
Helen Mandeville ’64 of Phi Delta
(the site of the 1961 Christmas and Leona Kerpel ’64 of Sigma Phi
dance) to the much closerfacilities Sigma. Nancy Rubin’65 and Sharon
of the CrystallRoom of the Manger Fittipaldi ’65 of Kappa Delta and
DeWitt. The move, it is hoped, Harry Kenyon ’65 and DougPeter—
will allow more Statesmen to at— son ’65 of Theta Xi Omega are in
tend the function. charge of decorations.

Mike Goidstein ’64 of Alpha Pi
Chaperones Announced Alpha, and Sue Platt ’63 and Linda

Faculty members who will act Nelson '65 of Gamma Kappa Phi
as chaperones for the dance will are in charge of programs,
be Dr. Charles L. Andrews,Chair~ The \Vi nte riude bids were
man of the Physics Department. ordered by Milt Danko ’63 of Sig-
and Mrs. Andrews; Dr. Ralph D. ma Lambda Sigma, Donna Skinner
Kinney, professor in the Education '64 of Sigma Alpha, and Lorraine
Department, and Mrs. Kinney; and Crispell ’63 of Beta Zeta,

Mr. Robert McHugh, instructor in

the Social Studies Department,and   
Wen w. Reich, Christmas Program

Mrs. McHugh.
Also, Mr.
assistant professor of German, and
Mrs. Reich; and Mr. William H. Today at 1 p.m. the Music Coun-
\\'ilson, assistant professor in the oil will present its Christmas pro—
Art Department, and Mrs. Wilson. gram in Page Hall. Although
The Greek Councils have as— Christmas songs will be featured.
signed various dutiesrelatedto the the women's Chorus, Collegiate
formal occasion to all the Fra— Singsrs, and the Orchestra will
ternitics and Sororities. present a variety of songs.
Committees The Women’s Chorus, directed
Publicity will be handled by by Karl A. n. Peterson, associate
\‘cronica Gillis ’64 of Psi Gamma professor- in music, will Sing
and JOE Daly ’65 0f Kappa Rem- ”Therc is No Rose,” by Britten;
Jean Davis ’63 of (‘hi Sigma Theta “Lullaby”: by Vaughan Williams;
and Bob Fairbanks ’64 of Potter uwmie‘ Take your Drum,” by

 t H  Strickling; and “Halulabow,” by
sent “Glory to God in the Highest,”
“in the inn,” “'l‘hc Blessed Son of
Sigma will prcsent ihcir annual 'l‘hc Orchestra, directed by
formal rush party, “LcRatMort,” Charles F. Stokes, professor in

Britten.
‘Le Rat Mort’

God,” by Vaughan Williams, and
on Friday, January 4, 1963. Music, will play “Knightsbridgc

The Collegiate Singers willpre-
The brothers of Sigma Lambda “He Merry, Be Merry.”
The party will be bold in the March,” by Comes; “Yuletide

Rainbow Room of the Kenmore Festival," by \\'arrin,r_,don; and will
llotci and will last from 9 p.m. accompany the (‘horus and audi—
until 1 n.m. if has liccn an— ence in “iinrk thc ilcraid Angels

nounccd by Dcan Stokcs that all Sing” and “The First Noel.”

State women attending the party The ncxi conccrt will be the

will rcccivc 2 a,m. hours. Faculty (‘oncertonThursday, Fcb—
ruary ‘18, at 8: 1:") p.m. in Page llziii.

Ch r is t m a s
Vocobon
'l'bc broihcrs havc invitcd all

:idminisirniivc builds and Sigma Dczin lilmcr (‘, Mathews an—
l.nmbdu Sigma faculty mcmbcrs nounccs that ibc (‘hrisimas recess
and their wivcs to iiiicndibcpai'tv. for i'i-gulm' Si’HHlUll courscs will

lnvib-d cliapcroncs :irc Air. iiol~ bcgin at 11:50 1].”). on \\'cdncsdnv,
lis iiioilgcii of ihc Siudcni I’crson— llcccmbcr if), 1062. (‘lnsscs will
nci ()l'ficc; Mr, i‘Idwnrd i‘owlm’, i‘i‘SHiiic ill H200 ii.m. on 'l'bursdiiy,
Associnic i’rofcssor, Air, \\‘illiam January 1i, i903.
\\iison, Assistant l’rol’cssor, and All siuiicnls, with ihci-chpiions
\ir. 'l‘liomns (l’i‘onnor of thc Ari noch bclow arc rcquircd io iiitcnd
iicpnrimcni; Dr. Jack Dccringcr, cinsscs on Dcccmbcr ill iindJnnu—
Associaic Donn for Academic Af- my 3.
fairs, Dr. (‘lil'ttiii’i‘bornc, Director 'l‘hc l‘nivwrsliv docs not havc :i
of li'rcsbmnn Sludics, Dr. l'Tlmcr “cut” sysh-m Students who vine
\llillii'\\’.‘~i, .'\.‘~s'.S()i'liIli’ licnn for Ad~ lulc ilic Hjiii'il of NW iiiicndnncc
iiiiillSli'iillYl’ Affairs,nndl)r lluvid i‘cgulniions iii‘l‘ subjch to «list-i
ll:Ii'llc\’, [icon of Mcn. plinarv :iclioii. i'iicxcuscd iiiii
scnccs muv ri-suli in \vilhdrnwnl
from llil' l'iilli'Si‘ Willi ii pciinllv
grndc iiwiirdcd by ilic Ailiiiinisirn-
lliiil.

ll(i\‘\‘i‘\’l'i‘, inidcrgrnduziics on ibc
licnn’s list and gi'ndliiilc Hllilll‘iilS
with on iivci'ngc Ill Ii 3 lIii' ilicprc

 

Bohemian Theme
'l'bc ihcmc of “Le lint Mort” 
Frcnch Hohcmian, and couples ni—
icnding thc party arc askcd to dress
in keeping with ibc ibcmc.

Entertainment
12' n l c r i ii i ii mc ill has bccii zir—
riingcd by iii'ian (,Juigicv ’65 with
Dick \liddlcion ’iili acting as Mus—
icr of (‘i-rciiionics. ’i‘hc cycning
will lcnlui'c l.c lini \loi'i (‘liorus

Linc; l\'ciib (‘oombs '(ivi, i’clc \‘lllliS sciiicsicr :irc lcgiilly cx—
Spinzi, llnvc Symiilii, iiiid liulcb cuscd.
.ii-wcil, grnduaic siudcnls. Music Siudcnis iioi falling in llil' abovc

vvill bc provided by Sylvcslcr and cnlcgoi'ics iiiny bc gi'aiiicd indivi—
diiiil cxcus‘c by ihc School of Fresh—
mun Studios, Drapcr r207 or lbc
Dciin of Siudcnis, Draper ill), or

'l'hc gcncriil chairman for liic ihc DciinofAdminisiration,Drapcr
party is Dan Murcchck ’64. (Min r iiiii, bcforc iiic diiic of nbscncc.
(tommiiicc hciids arc Doug i-‘iagg Abscncc ior iiincss (including
’64, Decorations; William Marlin, sludcnls in l'nchrsity housing and
iiniid; Mai‘ly [akin ’65, invitations commuicrs) is only cxcuscd if rc—
nnd Program; and Jollii \'i‘ii:ik’i’iﬁ, ported to ihc i'nivcrsliy Medical
Office, Draper ()i i, not later than
F rldiiy, January 4, 1963,

Any ilinczss :iiicnded by a family
physician, must also be reporlcd
to tho l’iiivci'sily Mcdicnllifficcby
this date.

llic Souisicrs.

Chairmen

(‘liupcroncs

This will bc this third of fivc.
formal rush parties for mnlc slu—
dcnis which b:ch boon scbcdulcd.
The first two were given by 'l'hcizi
Xi (imcgn :ind Kappa iloln.

State College

 

 

Z 464 ALBANY,NEWYORK,FRIDAY, DECEMBER14,1962 VOL. XLVIitNo. 25

SUO Winter Weekend to Offer Party,
Twenties Dance and Holiday Sing

The Student Union Organization
has planned three events for their
weekend. The theme of the annual
Roaring Twenties Dance tonight is
“The Green House."

On Saturday afternoon three
dorms will hold the Children’s
Christmas parties. Anall—college
event, the Christmas Sing, will
start early Sunday evening, and will
be followed by a coffee hour.

in the early twentieswhcn Hard—
ing was President, he and his
administrators choac to meet in
the Green House instead of the
“bite House.

To typify this era, Alden—Water—
bury Dining Room will be changed
into a Green House for the dance
which will start at 9 p.m. it is
not necessary to wear a costume.
for the dance, and students may
attend without dates.

Harvard Men to Entertain

The Seven Harvard Squares, stu—
dents at Harvard College, will cn~
tertain with notonly standarddance
music, but also several jazz selec—
tions. The group has been pro—
claimed the best college jazz band
in the liast.

While playing at the Elbow Hench
Club in Bermuda during the animal
college \vccks, thcy were awarded
first place among ihc jazz hands
by the Hoiiand—Amr-grica Lines, and
were given the privilch of touring
Europe.

Solid Entertainment

One of ihcir greatest triumphs
occurrcd whcn tbcy \vcrc hailcdby
“Stars and Siripcs," a musicians
pcriodical, as “...lop noicb pur—
chors of this traditional Jazz--
solid cnici'ininmcnl.”

(lcncral (‘hairman for the event
is Dan .links ‘66. ()ihcrcommiitcc
chairmcn arc: Dccoraiions, Barb
Kowaiski ’66; (‘bapcroncm iris
iionus '66; lb-frcshmcnis, Dorccn
Liingc ’66; and iicsiorntion, Don
Kisicl ‘06.

Liiic pcrmission has not iii-mi
granicd, cvcn though ihcdiincc will
last until 1 pm.

Children's Parties

On Saturday ihc nnnunl l‘iiil'
drcn’s l‘hrislmas Party will be
bcid from '2—5 p.m. in Aidcn,
iirubncbcr, niid i’icrcc iinils.

'l‘hc onc hundrcd childrcii who
rnng‘c in :igc from live to iwclvi-
yciirs :irc from S1. (‘oiciiuni's
Iloiiic. Ifncli child \vili llii\’i’ two
siudcni sponsors and will i‘l‘i‘l’i\’l‘
n gift from Sniiiii i‘liius

(‘oiiiiiiiiicc iiiciiibcrs iiSSiSiiili},
in this i-Vcnl nrc i-Iliiinc \‘oio ‘00,
Linda ii'iiii-ridgc '00, Sandy i'usbr
man '60, .iouniic l.conc ‘illi, i.vnn
Amcs ‘64, FranGrccniicid'iiti, and
Don Subcrviilc ’60. Arriingcmcnls
for the party arc bcing iiiiilll‘ by
(‘iii‘ol Vito ’65 and .luckic liniisnv

’63. .
Christmas Sing

'l‘hc l‘ll‘Vi‘lllll iiiinuzil t'lirisimus
Sing Will lnkc plncc Sunday, Dc»
ccmbci' iii promptly iii 0:30 p.m.
in l’iigc llnil. 'l'chiy-tWo groups
oi Sliilc i’nivcrsily siudcnis from
rcsidcnci- hails, group houscs,or-
giiniziiiions, sororilies, and fra~
icrnitics will participate.

Al'tcr ciicli group has sling onc
of their lWo prcpni'cd songs, the
judch Will select lhc lop five
groups to sing their second song.
A second judging will will deter—
minc thc winners for lii‘Sl, second,

 

The Seven Harvard Squares as they will appear at the SUO "Green House”
dance tonight.
and third places.

The group placing first will be
awarded a trophy to be kept by
that group until the next Holiday
Sing. The current trophy holderis

(Yhi Sigma Theta. 'l‘he trophy will
bc presented to the winning group
by Mr. William McKinnon, Di rec—
tor of the Student Union.

Groups to Participate

The participating groups this
year are: Adams House, Alden
Hall, Alpha Pi Alpha, Beta Zeta,
B rubacher Hall, Chi Sigma Theta,
Edward Eldrcd Potter Club, Gam—
ma Kappa Phi, Kappa Beta, Kappa
Delta, Lake and Madison Houses,
Partridge liousc, Pierce flail, Phi
Delta, i’si Gamma.

Also, Sayics Hail, Sigma Alpha,
Sigma Lambda Sigma, Sigma Phi
Sigma, Theta Xi Omega, Universi—
ty (‘ommuicrs Organization, and
Waterbury Hall will pariicipnic.

Nick Snlatino and his brass en-
scmbly under tbc directionoff):ch
Symingion ’64 will entertain from
6: 10 to 6:30. The cmcccs for iiic
Sing will bc ,lnckic Lindsay ’63
and i.cc i’ackmiiii ’64.

Judges for Sing

'i‘hc judch for the sing will bc
Mrs. ifdward French, a voice
icuchcr from Albany; (Tarol ilidcr

Students Vote
Amendment to

byJiliieI

Si-nziic ilii'i‘lillll,
opcncd with n motion by iionnic
iiaichcior ihiii Scniiic :icccpt ibc
consiiiuiion submiilcd by ilic l'iii—
\‘i‘i'SllV i‘oniiiiulcr's t‘lub_ Afici'ii
discussion ihc constitution

\\'cdncsdiiy’s

Sliiil'l
was pnsscd,

’i'iic purposi- of this oi'giiiiizn~
lion .‘iS sinlcrl in ilicir constitution
iS "ihc furibcriiig of thc inicrcsls
of iiu- commuicrs oi llilHlliiivci‘Sh
iv and ibc inicgi'aiioii ofcomuui~
lcrs iiilo llli' sociiil program, crc»
niing an intcrcsi ibrougii iiii- chili
program.”

'i‘bc incciing was inlcrruplcd lo
iislcn to liiidio (‘hanncl WSl‘A,our
ncw radio station. Senator Don
Allen, Station Manngcr, icsicd
brondcnsiing’. All dorms will be
abic to rcccivc WSI‘A :ii'tcr vaca—
tion, if lbc wcnlhcr permits the
cubic to bc, laid from the sludio iii
iiru lo the dorms.

'l‘hc Senators congratulate Don,
.'\ii'. Snlnfino of the music depart-
ment and all ii’iciiibers of the radio
station who licipcd to make the.
long awnilcd station n rczility.

’63, President of Music Council;
and Mr. Dewitt Ellinwood 0f the
Social Studies Department.

. The Holiday Sing is under the
Gene rai Chairmanship of Lee
Packman ’64. Other committees
include Arrangements andUshers,
Dave Moore ’64 and Helen Van-
derbilt '64; Decorations, Carol
Ann Vito ’65; Publicity, Ann Par—
tise ’64; Stage Manager, Joe Alex—
eicbik '65; Lighting, Kay Jurewicz
’64; and Programs, Lee Packman
’64.

Coffee Hour

The auditorium, which will be
decorated appropriately for the
Sing, has in past years been filled
to capacity for this program of
seasonal music. There will be
reserved seats for faculty, admin—
istration, and invited gucsis until
6:35.

Following the Holiday Sing the
Student Union Organization is also
sponsoring a coffee hour in the
Lower Lounge in Hrubachcr.

Frcshman and womcn have been
granted one hour late permission
if they attend thc Sing. General
Chairmen for llic coffoc hour are
Adcia Nowak ’64 and i‘riroi Ann
Rossomano ‘64.

to Pass 2.0
Constitution

Scrviccs (‘ommiiicc rcpo ric d
that iiic siudv ioiingc in iiic Hru
Dining iioom will iii-gin ibc first
Sunday :iflcrnoon nl'lcr \vc rciurn
from (‘brisimiis \‘ii('illiiiii.

Sciiiiior liclio rcipicsicd iiini
Sci'viccs ('oiiiiiiiilcc look ilill) llic
pOHSllillilV oi kccping llii' dorms
opcn during inicrscssion, and lo
givv n rcpori iii ibc ncxi Sciiziic
int-cling.

Si-niiior Jim Milcs, I-Ilcclioii
('ommissioncr, announced that tho
3.0 nincndmcni to the Siudcni As—
sociation (‘onsiituiion was passed
by llic student body. He i‘cpoi'lml
that 1076 votes were cast, an cx~
cclicni return, and it is hoped that
the students continue to voice lhcir
opinion in cicctions.

Coming attraciions for the nicel-
ing following (‘brisimas vacation
of interest to you will be the rce—
quest for financial aidby lbc outing
club and information concerning
the selection of the guest artists
for next ycui"5 Music (‘ouncil
presentations. Dean Hartley will
speak at 7:30 on the functions of
Student—Faculty Association.

