PAGE 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1961

 

 

More Liberal Orientation?

A planning committee organized by the Student Per«
sonnel Office is currently considering the freshman orien—
tation program for next year.

In the past few years, the program has been radically
changed several times. It has been reduced from a year
to eight weeks; the teachers have changed from depart-
ment heads to dormitory directors.

The former change was probably warranted, but the
latter has deprived students of knowledge and an aca-
demic atmosphere. We seriously believe that orientation
should help the student adjust to both the social and aca-
demic aspects of college life. Frosh Weekend seems each
year to be effective in initiating social adjustment. Per-
haps it could also indicate to new students that college is
even less like high school academically.

The most drastic change in the scholastic section of
the program should, we feel, affect the whole attitude of
the program. More emphasis should be placed on the
scope and importance of education and what it means to
be educated and less value should be placed on advice to
“study so you can improve your marks."

This goal might. be accomplished in part by learned
and broadly educated, intelligent speakers, by demanding.
scholarly literature, and understanding advisors. If we
want our college to have academic prestige, we must have
a more discriminating attitude.

Does S-U Harm Averages?

Last year one of the arguments against the S-U
grades for student teachers was the way in which the
change would effect the scholastic standing of students.
Since such satisfactory or unsatisfactory grades carry
credit hours but no quality points, a problem has arisen
in computing the averages of students.

When averages for Dean‘s Lists and probation lists
are compiled, the six hours of credit are not used. Con—
sequently, a student could fail student teaching and still
be on Dean’s List.

A student teacher presumably utilizes his practical
training and general educational background in this en-
deavor. If he fails in his student teaching this is an in—
dication of his failure to grasp techniques and concepts
which should be important in measuring his academic
achievement. We feel that it is not just to honor these
students with their fellows by the recognition of being on
Dean’s List.

Such grades for student teaching possibly affect other
estimates of the ability of individuals. Those who consider
the academic record of a prospective teacher might try to
compute an average without understanding the fact that
student teaching does not carry quality points. This would
be a serious disadvantage through no fault of his own to
a person seeking employment.

We hope that consideration will be given to this im<
portant problem and that a satisfactory system can be
devised which will be more fair to the student

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918
Vol, XI,\'I Noicmbcr Ill. 1961 No. Lil

“crud ..i'e inwvspupcr o.’ H'ii'a l‘..i‘.ei',i'y (lollepe cf I’ld l"4'l’)" ‘4’ Albany,
iron: of 'im form war In. 'i.o News l'i‘lll' for ’50 Hindi-m

'I'w- .z. .
pilllll‘t.‘ til exerti‘
Asso ...'.o'.
\I.l\- “(Milli
l.I."i'II"i IA i'iid I I. l-'..illtiiv If" t IIII‘i
\\'ll.l.l.-\.'.l I"It:\.’w’l(f;NI." i'.. ii‘ iiit I‘lt 'or .i. ('l..i-f
MAILY lifil? l'.lHI‘IN'\.i:\.‘V

M ii..i.'ii t. I'Itiiior

ANNI'I [NINAN I‘co'iiri ls'itilor
l)iIItIH MVIIIJCII A H .ii‘i l"lil'iii
LINDA l' \N'lll'l'l’. A um l'llt' l‘iilllul’

IlAltIlAIL-‘i II:\I.I. t'oinmiiiii A..o«i.iic I‘ld.ioi

ANNE 5MI'I'II

LINDA lll‘ltlt‘x‘

SIX/infler ‘I‘tiilii

KAlH'iN b‘UlII‘LIHM/‘ift ’i '.ii.' ('ii: ..

IIAVIE JENKS

Photograph,

Ill'HK tinii‘tnda‘

ltl'i'i‘tnc’l'rzio‘i Hui) “Inklli
(.‘olgaii IH

i'.iin.c ltclniioiis I‘LdJm
ilciim». \du-i‘i ii.u lutiior
1..r1ii.i|l.llll liixi l-iilij’," iodllor
it will l'Tm ‘i..i:.gc I’Ldilnr
Spin“ Miltoi
tr H’i‘.c 1.4 .iii('
.1 In Wimclc.’
H‘Jlti'A Iliil

.‘S f' I‘iioio liv'l'.
Jm- (Lilo
Mort l.oi lLllll‘lL'i l.Il(i1i McUliniri Kurt

S iiitli Nick iuihuliaio

All (SUIIIIIllUiICiALJIllb should he uddremtnl to the editor and must he signed Noiiilrs
will be witnlicld on request The b’I'A’l'E ()(IIJJXH'J NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expreéssed in its Loluinns or oiliiiiiiuiiwations, as such expressions do nut.

necessarily rcflocw its view.»
C"

 

eamnuanicaiiond

 

To The Class of ‘65:

Now that Rivalry is over, we
would like to thank you once more
for your cooperation and say that
it has been a real pleasure watch-
ing your class become a part of
State College. We sincerely feel

that. Rivalry served its purpose
in this respect.

However, we must. again re»
mind you of certain traditions

which were introduced to you dur-
ing the Rivalry period. Although
warnings will no longer be issued
for infraction of such traditions
as cutting campus, walking in
front of Minerva. and wearing of
high school insignia. we hope
you realize that you are expected
to uphold them through Moving Up
Day.

There are other traditions that
you will be observing throughout
your four years at State. The
Honor Code and class and school
spirit: are among the many intangv
ible traditions which you will
carry with you. Myskania hopes
that the realization of both the
material and intangible traditions
to be followed will now come from
you

Myskania 1961-62
Earl Wclker. (‘hazrman
To the Editor:

The most charxinblc thing one
could do Would he to allow Othello
to die a natural death. but. since
ll never actually came to life
feel justifch in supporting the
rcvicw which appeared in this
paper several wccks ago. There
appeared an anonymous letter in
this column the following week
whose writer has allowed senti-
mental tripe io muddle his judg-
ment, and ha.s made Bill Frankon-
is‘ discerning taste synonymous
with “immatiirity"—~—whatcvcr that
may he. I suspect it is another of
the modern catchalls like "fabu-

.—

lous" and "tremendous" in which
one lumps unsubstantiated opin-
ions.

.'\lr. Frankonis has disallowed
the effort connected with ilic pro
duction to influence his criiiqiic.
you say. if effort were the criter-
ion by which dramatic produc-
tions were judged. then the legiti-
matc theatre. if it stretched half-
way across the continent, would
not be large enough to house the
several plays which open each
season and close, not because of
a lack of effort, but because thcy
fail to create lel_\'il1l1.', of lilSiZliL:
quality.

lI-h

Having, sci-ii (ltlicllo produced by
scvcral rcpcrtoirc companies, I
found myself izi'opnz'; l'oi' iucziiiiiig
in this iicw iiitcrprclii::oii. Varni-
lions on a llltlllt' do iioi ziiinoy
inc, in fact I fziid them most ~11
niiilaliiig and iiiv.t:iig, but \‘.llt‘ll
Shakcspcai'c's dcspzcaliic I;i_',o
giviw any to Stii-iii'iincn's llizjiiwll
Iago, l I'liLiI iii\~ilt' rooting for
llic "bad guy" il»'.il.ll\l thc arro-
.‘ui.’ "I\'.iir" ll'ht‘io .‘ilbl h s mill
pic, tliiii b ll.‘llill w l'c

I l't'LllI/t' that .
Jitltijll ti il I!t'l'i".' -i" (ll. ‘..illll s ll
|iid"c it \'Ililt‘lil product on, lll\\
t‘\l'f‘, l l.ini .I «If p .i'iibie that «ii
fll'llls lici'c ih.iil-. .' Ilt"l Mary to
iiiollycmldlc .i.lci‘ior lllt‘iill't' and
ilt"ll'llll it l'l'l'll ilic sillllt‘ chcci‘lciid-
cr attitude ilic). would inkc to ii
football siziduiii.

’Iliciiti'c shouldn't ban to he
cliccrcd on and Wciiiurscd: it
should ackiiowlcdgc lls limitations
and be capable of dcfciidinig ii».-
st‘lf against advcrsc t‘l‘.llt'lslll.

'I‘hi- lethargic, isolationist iilti
ludc of thc "wcc" minds is due
for a iiii-gaioii jolt when they dis
cover that the world doesn't Iicgiii
with their upstate towns and end
wth the ivy halls at Albany, and
that all productions which cross
the Page stage will not be ad—
iudgcd accomplished theatre siinp~
ly because thcy represent cilfort.

Alfred I“. Dascher, Jr

is l1'.‘t'l'- ;i|‘:. l'l

But I‘m not going in THAT direction! Besides. I
thought that frat was supposed to rush me, not you!

 

 

Gama-Std”

". . . The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph."

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

t‘()N\’I(‘Tl()NS
. of your OWN are the best ones to follow tomorrow IS("s Ill‘\\
and worthwhile rule, which we Iiopc all sisicrs Will follow \\'lll hclp '
Let you stand by the strength of thcsc convictions.
YUI’R choicc \vill bc the right one for you.

()Nl-IUNTA Oil Bl'ST

The first basketball game tomorrow night may be on Illfllt'liliil'
if both the team's capabilitics and the stiidcnts‘ support We rczih/t
this is an away game, but we're surc the individual l’t‘ils‘ would |.l«
to hear some wishes for Iiick iiisic'id of thc usual iiit'tlltit'l‘i' comm: iil~

NICKELS . . . NICKI'ILS . . . NICKELS . . .

Statcrs. we know are not the wcalthic-d people in t'ic \Hifltl, but
this past week's activities have shown that most of you know whcrc
your heart is. It seems it is always the same pcopIc who are coiitribiit
iiig. Fill that czifctcrizi today with yourselves, your hearts. and your
nickcls.

FEBRUARY'S FLING

Well! Beforc we anticipated elections. It has come to our uilt‘lliliil.
that a few of February‘s rcd dcvil elections have already been pliinncd
(Rivalry IS supposed to develop capable leaders. Just remember. l’
will be frosh who arc voting for you, and not uppcrclwssincn. Arc
capable leaders being dcvclopcd or chosen?

LOST:

'l‘wo (‘oinnionstatcrs to a veep who has a heart. Our only pI-ni
is that you aren‘t as hciirllcss with us as we usually are with c\'ci‘\
one.

INCIDEN'I‘AIJA' . . .

'I'hcre-is‘ no fan waiting to bc, iiistallcd. The bidding is oiin In Iii
'ipcncd this week . can‘t possibly understand why ycryoiic w.
under the impression that ilie smcase probli-iii might be rcsolvcd mi!
(hristmas vacation. AND . . . incidciiially, be thinking about .‘lllt‘lltlili
cl1isscs' downtown in an office building inslczid of at ‘Iic iii-u ('tillllll‘
club sitc.

WIIICI‘IY We should Ltiic thanks for such good iicws‘

f'.r\.'\'IlII) (‘.-\NI)II).\'I‘ICS

\ic noticcd fiftccii sophomores running in tho Scnzitu rt-piiiccim "
l‘ll't‘litiIlS Sciizilc \HlIIIS u ‘.\til’l\'t'l' not it llilli‘t‘, :iiid n pi i‘ on who A-
ll: as much for \L'lli'ilt‘ (ls llic pct'Soii bcuig rcpliiccil.
i'ItY SIII'I Ilil . . .

.\ "Would it fit Iiiiii""

,\ \\cll, if no! uc cziii find (illlilllf'l‘ prospcci to \iczi" ll

.\ '

' "but whzit do we do about thc iiiiiiic oii Ihc front of thc l-i‘l
iii-ii" '

ll "“Hh, :‘o zilicud and oi'dcr it anyway lic's’
\cs, l‘ll»lllll,'.{ lust hcciiii two wccks ago

'7 HI“ ’I‘III'I WEI-2K
\i'ill slic or won't slic'.‘

_, cc“ ,Il,

 

College Calendar

l-‘ltlDAY, Dlu‘('lihllll'lll I

7, 5) If) p in [I’ll film, "()ur Man in Havana”
.l.tltl p.iii 'I‘Iiclzi Xi tliiicgzi li‘oriiizil Itiisli 'i'cii
SA'I'l'ltDAY, Dl-Jt'lihllil'llt 2!

35 p in Sorority (‘onflici l'zirlics
litltl pm. ('iinipus ('licst Dance

 

li:ii‘i
I‘M l-

Alden Vt/zitcrbui‘)
WEDNESDAY, DICt‘IGMIiICIt it
8:15 p in. King Lear
THURSDAY, lll‘l(..‘l'IMIll‘llt 7

1:00 pm. Dr. David Ilarry

3:00 pm Professor Albert l’ai'ry

I'tii'c lliill

ll Il iil
Iiriibachcr

 

    

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1961

PAGE I

 

Current Comment:

Un-American Activities

By JOE (i “.11

In my last column I attacked the
House Un«Amcrican Activities
t‘ommittcc. More than anything
else, I gave reasons why the coin-
inittcc should he abolidicd. Today
I want to state that i am not a-
gainst the fight versus Communi-
sm. I dc not, lichvci‘, feel that
the llUAC has contributcd to this
fight.

Several annoying activities o
the committee and its members
were omitted. One of these habits
has bccii the use of the white card
sy stein in alloting scab; ill its heur-
|ll_‘.'S. ’I‘his S)‘Sl('lll \'~ilS iiscd at the
lust S_in Francisco Iiciirincs 'I‘hc
coiiiiiiiiicc dcicnds this jll‘ilt'ilt't' by
stating that llic number of white
ciii'ds l"ll(|\(‘lllll(’l'1'\lliilllill(‘(llllll"
tci‘ of thc iniiiilicr of w'ils’. Thai
is accurate :is for .I\ it yocs. \lvllill
thcy do iioi .‘lilli' Is that :i \\lll1t‘
card :i liiiits up to .'.‘: pi-oplc

'I‘Iic coiiiiiiiilcc pint is picccs‘ of
HS Iitcruiurc on tlic ‘l"ll\ in its
Iiciii'iiig room-i 'I'hi‘ liici'nturc tells
“all nbout' thc ‘.\'itiit-»~c~. v-.Iiich will
he ciillcd .\iiotlicr .- their Iiiin
t'Nlit‘llSt' accounts.

In addition they use the hit and
run iiictliod with i'cgurd to the
right to :‘llllllll'llll. (iii .liii c .3, lilbil‘
llll li'ilt'l‘i IN, most oi  lll‘lll did not
have tciiui'c. ucrc --iibpocnzicd
'I'Iuit Sullit' .lil) ihiii' niimcs and
titltll't'Ss't‘r. lilllil'iil'l‘tl lIl lciul llt‘\\'S
piipcrs ’I'his‘ v.zis iii llill' or near
lhc cud of .i 1t‘l’lll, .\'llI(ll is also
coiui’iic'. tiiiic 'I'hc hearings were

._._

st Iii-(hilt (l for Scptcifilici' l, lilSSl.
Ilicy \‘.t‘l't' postpout d tuicc first
until tit Mbci‘, thcu pi-riniiiiciilly.

tin \Il',‘.‘ii ifl, zill
\\t'l't' cuticcllcil, hut
Illt' Ic nlu rs uci‘c

Ilo subpociiucs
filcs on Elli of
L;I\"Ii to their

school boards.

'I‘hcsc teachers were accused but
not given the slightest chance to
defend themsclvcs. This is the hit
and run method.

l’arty Members

It annoys me to know that the
biggest headlines the IIUAC has
ever produced are connected, not
with uncovering a plot or any 'high’
commics, but instead are connected
with the naming of two people who
had been party incitihci'1— for only
1i short time. These vicious and
iILiiiccrius iigiiiis of the Kremlin
:ii‘c Shii‘lcy 'lcmplc :iiii‘ I.iicillc
Iliill.

l ctiiiiiiii St'c lion .iii_\ scllvi'cs‘
j)L‘t‘llll,‘.', .A.lllt‘l‘l(‘llll ('il'l coiidonc this
type of digging up oi th" piisl

I‘IiioiiLI; for thc illllll'lx. Icl us
now look at lhc which
hinc lltt‘ll \ll"('t'\'\ll" Iii Ihc fight
:l‘..'illll\l t'oiiiinuiiisiu l'lic Iii'd Lind
I'oi‘ciiiost is llic I"|il 'I'hi} liiivc
ilotic ii:i st of illt‘ \y. -l\‘ Ilic III'.\t.'
olicii (hunts for it (If

.I. l'iilt'iir Iloo\c.' llZIS bccii sci
up as i inun \\lio can do .iiid has
done no \\'i‘oi'...:

IIc has licc-i ill‘llttl This is hot
good, but Iloovcr liiir'. nc‘ zit any
time izilcn iidiiiiiliigc of his posi-
lion s\llllli.\l (\crx lll‘\(‘ clinii‘
Hill“ has :illcinptcd 'o dcify him
scll'. ill’;\(' Illlit'S .iil'»;ii:liigt' iii
zilmosi c\ci‘yihiii:!

'l‘hc Scnilc lIlli'll‘.Ii Sccuriiics
Nllllrl'tillillllllt'“ has ‘iu ii i.iii‘ly suc-
ccsstul iii zit Iczist "citing the .\Ic
t'iiri'iiii :‘ict [iiiss‘t‘ll

In closing I ici-l 'hc Iil'.\t.' has
lilllt‘tl \\li('l‘t‘ the till :iiid the Scn-
:iic committee hut.- not [ﬁnd ilic
coiiiiiiiticc, cud all ilic ill cl'tccts‘
1i ll.

1' L’l‘I‘t'Il‘h~

 

 

 

 

 

 no it

t,  :l‘v
 t filth
' it‘liﬁ‘ii ll

PARK FREE IN OUR 2

 

 

 first

233 Central Ave.

  
 
   

villiiiiiy's Lurgcsi

SWEATER
SELECTION

rcin all over the \Hll'lll
 ~.'.li tidiii niiil
1 I‘ll lliilll Ill-‘ ‘.'.Hll(l.‘5
!.iiv l ii;.il».ci o: rpm!

it: :€-\,i iili i

Spcciiil :silcs loi'
I'iiII .\lcii .\\;iil;ililc

Also

$8.95

tl'IIII'.1l.\ 'I'U Iilfth

BIG 1015 OPPOSITE STORI

 

 

l The Observers

By D. Crystal, P. Peltz and
J. Strickland

As we announced two weeks ago,
we were to visit the “gut.” Well,
we did. We wrote about it. For
the rest of the week the entire
State College News staff was down
there, and as a result, there was
no S.C.N. last Friday.

This week we'd like to introduce
our third observer J. Strickland.
Two more and we‘ll ll.’l\(‘ a fifth.
He doesn't contribute much, but
he does have cigarettes.

The cigarette machine now has
a new position. greasy.

UllL‘ good thing the cold weather
bronchi fro/in mud :it lil‘il Ilru.

t'ziii we give (.‘hryslcr Corpora-
tion the crcdit for the forcward
look in fcmininc iitlilctic attire?

Now that the contest is over we
can foresee that the cigarette
packs Will increase the dirt quota
on the commons floor. We under-
stand that is higher than the
Strontium 90 level.

Maybe those little hearts should
read. “I had :1 quarter." While We
are on the subject, our nomina-
tions for Miss (‘ampus (.‘hcst are—

\\'cll thcy have a piano in Bru
lower lounge, too bad they don‘t
have any piano players. ’I‘oinor»
row wc‘rc selling carmuffs at $.60
Ll pair,

Do your Christmas shopping at
tile t‘o-op, if you can gct in there.
’l‘hci‘c‘s something for everyone,
a new pcnnant for Grammy, a
French dictionary for fathcr, 4i
drinking mug for mother, a gym
suit for sister, and ii German dic
iioiuiry for llunkoula \‘lli'li lhcy gci
to Berlin,

Let the Ubscrvcrs he the first
to wish you a Mcrry Christmas, a
Happy New Year, a good liastcr.
a joyous Fourth and even bcttcr
fifili, and again ii happy 'I‘hanks-
giving.

No, that isn’t Rudolph, the red»
nos'cd rcindccr, it‘s a cclcbratcd
tiliscrvci‘.

 

Six South Lake
Avenue Really Gorp

IVIAYFLOWER — ROYAL
COURT Al’TS.
tl'dtl‘lilslll‘ll l'iifuriiishcdi

lioonn tor Studcnts

11E 4-1994

.\l.\t)
"0 3-5014

 

 

State to Sponsor
Summerlnstitute

State University College at Al.
baiiy will hold an Institute in
English for Secondary-School Tea-
chers next summer. The college is
one of twenty throughout the
country cooperating in the pro-
gram, sponsorcd by the Commi-
ssion on English of the College En-
trance Examination Board and de-
signed to improve the teaching of
English in grades nine through
twelve to students preparing for
college.

At the summer session July
1? August 10, ilierc will be three
graduate courses in English:
composition. language, and litera-
ture sclicduho for ihc morning.
.r\t afternoon workshops partici-
pants will develop methods and
materials which may be applied in
their oun high-school classes. I'Iach
coui'sc curries two s‘cnicstci‘ hours
oi graduate crcdit.

Staff Members

tin ilic Institiitc's staff will be
ilic coordinator of the Institute.
Mr David W. Martin. Supervisor
of l‘:lilJllSll tit Milne; the director.
Dr. tlrctclicii I’uulus. Associate
l’i'ol'css‘or of I‘lnglish i.\pproach

to Languugci; William t' Kraus.
Assistant Professor of I'lducation

and Sllpt‘HlSlil' iii the Milne School
(Approach to t‘oiiiposiiion); and
[tr (‘iirl Nicmcycr. Visiting l’rov
I'cssor: iind Professor of English
illltl t‘liziiriiirin, l.)cpartiiiciit oi
llllliiilllllli'S. l'iiioii t‘ollcgc iAp
proach to Literaturci

The Institute of English will l)c
opcratcd in conjunction with the
t‘ollcgi- Summer Session and all
college facilities will be available
to participants. Housing uccoiiioda
tioiis iirc ii\2iil;ililc for boili singlc
mcn Lind woiiicii and iiiai'ricd
couples ’I'licrc arc, howcvcr, no
uccomniodzitioiis for children.

'I‘iiilioii and fees Will be paid to
the college by ilic (Tomiiiiss‘ion on
l-iiiglish which also will assign to
ciich participant a grant of $350.

Required Qualifications

.'\Il applicant must be it tcziclicr
of English Ill grades U i: in a
rccistcrcd piihlic or private school
within iipprouiiiiilcly Sit) IIlllt'S of
Albany. Ilc should have at lt’tlSI
llircc.iind pi'cfci‘ahly fivc. ycars of
experience With at least five, and
prcfcrably ten or more. years to
co bcforc rciircmcnt.

He should li:;vc thc .iidorscincnt
of INS ]il‘lllt'l|litl and thc liillcr'x
(h‘lll'lillli' tliil ii siicicssiiil :ippli
ciiiit uil’ bc fl\t'll union". in try
lllL'_ out illt' new I‘ll‘ill'Hlll in his
nun lc:ithui,g

.-\pplic.iiion lilillllx‘» III.I:- be oh
ltllllt'tl by writing 'o ihc Siiiiiiiici‘
institutc iii I':llL‘ll“ll, Sliiic I'iii\cr-
sity (‘ollt cc iii .'\lllﬁli"_'i, 12:3 Wcslci'ii
.-\\ciiuc. .\Ib.'ii._\ Ii,  York

 

    

()I‘ICN \‘(ll'lt tl\\'\'
'l‘I‘fI'IN - \(Il'. .\( ('01 NT

   

SIIUI' EARLY 1'01! .\ lll‘l'l‘TEII.

I)lS('(l1N'I‘S'l'tlAIl S'l'l'IH-iN'I'S

si-:i.i-Ic'i‘ioN A’l'
Harold Finkle
“Ytil'lt .ii-JWiiiicii"
7507 (‘ciitriil Avciiiic

()pcii Your ('Ii.irgc Account For
Your ('Iii'lstiims Shopping!

 

 

 

DIGK SGHORY 3,5,"

"l’tllt'l'll.\l'l' IN JAZZ"

l'lt ~lil‘l'l'S

’l‘roy.

 

1\.\.\Ill\tilti\ .\\I\l'l‘. .-\1{.\lt)|{Y
>.\'l'l'lfll.\\'. lll.('|..1IItle{ 2!. liltil

(iltt‘IlICS'I‘ltA of 1!) Musicians Playing 119
instruments in program including
lt(‘A-Vl("l‘tllt RECORD l"AVO|ll'l‘lCS

“SlAl't-‘ll’l‘lilt 0N ititli AVIQNI’I‘)"
“HOLIDAY li‘till I’ICIH‘I'SSIDN"
5'3.th itllll $11.00

Tickets on Stile; Itluc Note Ilecord Shop, 'I‘cii I'chk llccord Shop,
Van Curler, Albany; Van Curler. Schenectady; Miller Music Store,

Mail Reservations and Check to Ted Buyly, 74 Eagle SL, ’l‘roy, N.Y.

ALBANY. N. 1'.
“A lizlitl l’..\l.

PERCUSSION POPS

“BOLERO “HISLO”

 

Listening Hour
For Christmas
Selects Music

The Student Union Board is ex-
tending a new service to all cam-
pus organizations which are spon-
soring dances and need aid in
choosing a band. The Board is c0m~
piling a notebook of area bands
which have played for occasions
at State. The noth-onk will in-
clude such information as the size
of bands. the fee requested, an
evaluation of their performances
and how to contact them. Organi—
zations other than the Student
l'nion Board are requested to con-
tribute to the notebook.

A listening hour will be spon-
scrcd by the Student Union Board
this Sunday, December 3. from
lhi‘cc to five p. in. It will he held
in \i'atcrbury Lounge. The music
will he recorded and selected in
accordance with a t‘hristmas
thcinc. "Babes in 'l‘oylund" and
thc “Niiici'accr Suite“ are among
the \‘t‘lt't'lltillS to he played.

Newman Club
PlansBanquet

Sunday cyciisiig thc Ncwinan
t‘liib will hold its annual Diocesan
.\'c\vin:in (‘luh Banquet The event
will take place in the Empire
ltoom of ilic Sheraton ’I‘anyck
Ilotcl and will begin at 5 p. m

The hanqiici will be honored by
the presence of Bishop Scully,
I’i‘csidciii and .\irs. ('ollins, Dcan
{llltl Mrs. .‘lilillt’Vl'S and Dean and
Mrs 'l'horiic I’zithcr Donald Starks
will \t'l‘H' (IS ltiilslllliISlt’l'.

Albiiiiy congressman. lico 'Iiricn
ivill hc tlic :ucs't spciikcr. ch
t)‘Ilr.cii graduatch ziiid rcccivcd his
Ii. A. dcgrcc from Niagara L'nivcr-
shy, Slitf'l‘ 1932 lie has worked
as a reporter. a political writer
and a radio and television coin-
iiieiitiiior llc has written for the
Ni-w York Sun and the New York
Times.

’I'iclicis for the banquet are now
bcinc. \flltl at the Newman (‘ciiicr

D&A Initiates
22 Tuesday

Lust 'I'ucsdiiy, thc State College
Iii'uiiiiitics iiiid Arts ('oiiiicils lur-
llllill) llllll;ilt‘il [IS iicw iiiciiibci's
Vicc l‘iisidcin. lint  Scott. hc
gun the t't'i't'llltlllltw .ii'li :i spccch
of uclcoinc tillll an introduction of
Iir l‘nul With. the liizid of the
Spi~c<li and Drama Ilcpiiriitniii,
who i-oiii.;i'.iiuliiicil thc twciity two
t-iiiididatcs on llltll' acliicvciiiciits
and ihcir Ilt‘W l‘i'sjilillSilllllllt'S.

'lliosi- IIllllJlIt-tl .iri- t‘oiisiiiiicc
.-\lilt'llii 't'ii, (Iloriii \\nci' '61, AI
lll'iilll 'til. Ilolly lli‘ool,~ 'til, Iloii

lit-innit ‘tiil, Judith tii‘ahcl 'till
l\'.i;ii'cii .Iiii'cuic/ iii I.iiid;i hulls
‘oii, liiiiiicl I.:il:cillc 'til, I"i‘:iiik

Ilyvc ii. iii In. Noll-iiiuii ‘till,
I.ili;iii S-li.i.idi 'tii, .\Iiiiclio Scott
'i;i_ Shuron ‘illillll 'iiii, iigiil Sollci'
‘Ili. larbniu \orltui ’i;::_ lizirhiii‘u
s'iciudoi'ii Iii, I-lli/ubclh Sli‘oiid
'til, llill'tilll S/ciil-s til lliilicl'l
'Iilroc 'ti.’, .lili'li 'l'lmicli ill and
lfiilici'l Willo‘ni'i‘ 'Iii

i-‘ollouiiic, tlli‘ ccrciiioiiics. .lliss
\Iii'iIm Ilouuiy l'l'lsltli'ld of lhc
.\c\\ York Siiiic t'oiiiiiiuiiiiy 'I‘hcu
icr .\\~iii'ltilbill spoke to the t'ouii
cil mid thcir 1.;Ilt'Sii This was fol
limctl lly till iiii'tii’.‘il.il i'ullcc lioiii‘

 

TOM’S BARBER SHOP

tit lttllilN S’l‘lllﬁlﬁ'l‘
(‘oriier of ltobin and West
:35 YEARS til“ EXPERIENCE

 

 

