 

PAGE I

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1962

 

 

In Memoﬁom

The editors and staff of the
State College News wish to ex-
press their deep and sincere re-
gret at the deaths of jack Sar-
nowski ’63, President of Sigma .
* ' ' Lambda Sigma, and Jean Blazey,

Jun Secretary of the Junior Class. Jack
Blouy

Old Story---New Look

One of the first introductions an incoming fresh-
man has of State College regulations, life and tradi-
tion is through the Student Handbook, published annual-
ly by the Junior Class. We feel that this year’s
publication deserves special recognition for both its
service to the new entrant and its somewhat revised
picture of student life.

Revisions have always been sought among past
Handbook staffs, but they have seldom been carried
out to any great extent. The present Handbook makes
an exception to this tiresome rule and keeps pace
with State College’s expanding scope. The sections on
Camp Dippikill and the new campus are welcome ad-
ditions and might be continued as progress reports in
future handbooks.

Lists of Student Association position—holders have
usually sufficed to acquaint the freshman with State
College student government. The 1966 Handbook at-
tempts to add to past coverage. Cabinetpositions have
finally been explained and each group of class Sena-
tors is pictured.

Dormitory regulations have been omitted in favor
of a more colorful treatment of dormitory life. This
added “rah—rah—ness” is more easily readable than
page upon page of microscopic rules, and at the same
time it accomplishes a similar purpose.

Improvement, however, should not lead to com-
placency, and an exceptional Handbook does notprovide
an opening for stagnant future staffs. A growing
college must be served by a growing publication. An
early example of this realization is gratifying.

EDITOR’S NOTE

At the beginning of this semester the State Collng News foimd it
necessary to make changes in its printing arrangaments. The work,
which was formerly done in Hudson, New York. is now being handled
by a Saratoga firm.

This unforeseen revision makes it imperativo for a new schedule
to be used in compiling copy for the News,

Since one half of all copy must be sent to the printer early Mon—
day morning, the following rules will pertain to those wishing stories
to appear in the paper:

1. All columns, notices, and feature articles must be submitted

to the News office on Sunday night by 7 p.m.

2. All fraternity and sorority news must be brought into the News
Office on Sunday evening. We realize thatit has been custom-
ary to accept nch after Monday night meetings, but in most
cases. (ireek plans are made far enough in advance so that
information can be rcli-riscd before meeting time.

3. All pictures will be taken on Sunday night or before.

4. information for all news stories must be obtained and brought
into the News office on Sunday — except in unusual ('IlSl.‘S,
Letters to the liditor will only be accepted on Sunday evening.
These communications must llt‘ brought to the News office
and signed in the prom-lice of the I‘Iditot‘, Names may lie with—
held upon request. '

If the abch regulations lil't' not followed, liillll‘l'lill Will not Ill‘
placed in the News. The i'ooplrt'nlioti of the student body is sought
at this difficult time to facilitate iiui-dcd ilfljllSliiil‘lllS to this l't'\'lH‘ it
work schedule, and if lllllll‘t' illill,‘\'llillt)li is |JtiHSllilw, a lltilll‘l' will
appcat'.

   

Samowslii

Ll

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6
BY THE CLASS OF l9lu

 

 

Vol. XLVIII li'riduy, Scpttiiiibcr 28, 1902 No. 15
IIH‘ iiiidriyudimtr lll‘u‘xivlll‘l t li'l Hutu-ow, lo l’l' it | for illiilt ii \.l i..._ jml.
It‘ilil'ii l‘Vt‘l)‘ Iii lay of tin (tilll"'l‘ «l u i. im- new. bond in: ilw ilii>lllil \».  illi~ili,

\I MS I“) H”)

‘\“‘\l lilt..\‘.....  . . .. .. . |Il‘|lil~j‘.llii|l
llMMl.i\\l|l,i.........,...... . .. ,. ., it. oi.” lion
JtiSl'l'lttml i...,  . i.i....,.i., I may
liAVl. yin-d5”...

  

l. up. ll.li

 

itillil‘r Mlllllfli . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . \-....i.i. lll i
l.lNllx\\ilf|lil.ll ..... ..  .. .   \........i. lli'i
\llliIAMf()ItiAN..............  ., .  join. I i.i.i
fliAlil IS lt.r\kl.l(....... ..  . .  . .. ... . l'oidi: ltiiiii in. I too
SH VIA l‘l NNM ( IIIA.... ..  . . . . . . ,. . ,.. boom -. "l‘vl'lli‘utli, I :.i .i
I'Cz‘iiil‘f“ bf lII'Ifu"-iAN...... .. . . . . . .. . IiIt-ii ilioii lxi taunt | ltl .i
“ii \II
ldiional Auto-Anni . . . . . , , . . . . , . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . .. ... . .. hen. tun,
l'i-Iiliiglilj‘liy... .  ..  ., , .. t . I‘ltulll ‘mivur xii-w l 1 mm, john \I( .1!
lil ‘ili; llll lliltS; Join Aaloury, MAI, loo Mammoth, ‘uiidii Iloii.i| I‘H‘II, l’ii.l.i Ilol it, iii,
lli'uly, I’illfitll [FWl'li Iriwnrd I’l‘lil, joyii ‘rliiiiui non.

(til liMM’al S; I’.iol ltflbt'fl, Soc l‘tJli, tiii. hill .iriliy.
(All li)ii.‘.l‘>i: liii. ‘\iwull

All liilliliitlilliitliilllh would be illlt“.‘>i'il in Ho Cililiil .in-i llttlvl i..- up” i 2mm
In: WII’IIICIVI oii Icijiicnl. ll-t' ",l "ill ff'l i lfii \i \\'i tumours no lt‘HjIlltrlIiilllyl -

:lriilitivllitllln, in. 'ollill t'lllc‘x‘nwllﬁ in not “(ironllll‘y

IUH‘: expressed Hr its liilllllillh oi 
rcllctiu llh Vllf'ho.

When We’re.
Desperate

We Dream

By Linda A. Lasselle

Once upon a time the NOW!
didn’t need any new people. That
was because we were so self-
sufficient. so efficient and so down—
right independent. That was before
1916.

Then the News was founded.
That was in 1916.

Ever since then, the News has
needed people.

We wish to report, however,
that we have a very dedicated staff.
We also have a dedicated cub
class —- both members are ex-
tremely interested.

Unfortunately this dedication
makes us sad. We would like to
give more people the opportunity to
participate in what we ofthe select
group ofpsychotio enthusiasts con-
sider a particularly worthwhile
experience in the fields of both
social and academic adjustment.

Journalism, we remindyou, is
a particularly academic literary
endeavor. We have heard that the
English department is particularly
fond of journalism studies and is
only too happy to reward hours
spent in our office with A’s, re-
gardless of cuts. test failures,
or other student adjustment prob-
lems.

Monetary rewards are also
extensive. Students receive $100
an hour for every hour of thought.
Unfortunately, few qualify for this
reward. Waiting for people or
walking to interviews, we regret,
merit only $50 an hour.

Actual stories, we are proud
to announce, often earn youthful
journalists as much as $66,000.
Those which win Pulitzer Prizes
are, of course, even more finan-
cially rewarding.

The State College News,as we
said before, needs people.

Cub classes are held every
Monday at 7 pm. in llrubachcr
“all. They are open to {lllSlllllClllS
of Stiiti- t‘ollcge. in fact, all stu-
dents of State (follcge are not only
bugged but untreated to attend,

H'l'oys of Desperation!” 'l'hc
[Jill‘lillliit' tendencies of lilt' editors
have it""iillli' so pronounced that
grandiose dri-zinis :li't' ln‘ipossible
to control. l’crhzipswi- shouldwni‘ii
JISjlli'HiilS, though, that w- do not
Lini'H'iHili-v Jill of the benefits cited.
liul we do guarantee that :iftera few
wi-i-k‘. of frustration spiced with
l'V‘lll “will you, too, will lil‘ll'zlnsA
ltttt‘li'd —-»~ into llr. Lawson’s
litrvl'hology laboratory. \\hokiiows
what l'l‘lllllV is"

To the Milton
The brothers of Sigma Lambda
Sigma are deeply grateful for the
feelings of kindness expressed in
sincere sympathy upon the death of
our President, Jack Sarnowski.
Doug lv‘lagg.
Vice-President
Sigma Lambda Sigma

 

Simulated Sayings
0i Sincere Somebodies

l. I Ht‘l‘l'l me! ll IIItlI/I

t/ir/H'l like. Liz Taylor

J. 'I'lu' only [bi/1g you
lull (' to [ear is [car
owl]. Noel (‘owurd

l. .\!(t‘ guys loos/i lust.

f‘usey Steiigal

4'. risk not ulni! your

(Illulfr\ (till (lo /or you,

lm! iiliu/ you (rm do

/or your ttlll'l/r\. 
Sol [isles

3. it'll/k xii/ll) um! (any

a big stir/t. Dr. Spock

0, Never nus so lllllt/I
oi/(‘t/ fly so [Many to
so /eio. Robert An-
derson, Secretary of
the Treasury, on in-
(,‘(Jllle tax.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A car hit him and he died cursing Detroit.

vvvvvvvvvvvvv vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv

Gammon-Slate);

By Plait and McCarthy

FREDDY FROSH, HERE'S SOME ADVICE

Since Myskies aren’t the only people who guide the frosh, we’re
taking this opportunity in our last column to enlighten the freshmen.
The following words of advice are not rumors but steadfast traditions
not published in the handbook. Frosh are absolutely prohibited from
dating the lovelies in their class because they are reserved for the
upperclassmen. Inspite of all the invitations it is a breach of custom
to date offcampus men. Also it really isn’t true that you can determine
what day it is by the breakfast schedule. i.e. uhentcakes, doughnuts,
eggs, buns and french toast. Enjoy the column, we're glad to see you
here. and we are confident that you will win Rivalry since there will
be no ties this year.

REGISTERING FOR A NEW COURSE

Did anyone register for l’.l‘l. 281‘? Any student can receive tun
credit hours toward their degree by taking this course called walking.
The only requirement is that a pupil has classes in DA, WA, (,‘A, l;\,
and Nlt'l'C (wherever they arc). The excellent driver receivr-s an .'\:,
an above average roller skating star will get a ii, the ordinary walker
takes a (I, the fair but passing crawler is handed a D but if n [)1'i‘Soll
moves like the college book line he will be late for class and procure
an ii. The li‘reshmen aren’t the only ones who lose their direction and
are late for Class becausc it will happen to the upperclassmcn too.
OLDIES REVISED AROUND THE QUAD

Besides the frosli, bleachers, and annexes, there are sew-rill
other innovations around ’ole Stato. Have you noticed: 1. our new
war memorial, Page llnll,hasbeen redecorated. 2. and the rcgistra r 5
office has been relocated but last year’s fixturi-sari- looking like iii-w.
3. that thi- mud puddle in front of llru has turned into an excellent
drag strip for wheel barrow drivers. 4. [SC is trying something ill‘\\
also. 'l‘licy are not going to have any rules for rushing. :3. ll’l‘ 1S
turning owr a diffcrmit leaf also. After the coker they at'i-ii’t going
to lant' any rules for rushing either.

STATING THE FACTS

Did you participate in the split second timing l‘UUllilt' during
registration this year. ‘l'hcoreticully we were to obtain our packets
at 10 AM, fill out Tilllﬂlciirds and haw- thi-iii checked by Miss llawli-i‘
at 10:07 AM. ()ur only ('llt't'k was iii-cried for the small ('l)lll‘l.',l‘ li'i‘
so it was illi[)()SSll)ll' to say lu-llo to Art. liy this llllli‘ wi- were flli‘l'l‘
nlllllllt'S lit'llliltl schedule to pay our fer-s. it seemed great not to unit
in Illlt‘, lii‘llf‘Vi‘ ii iii‘ not it only look lottt‘ lltllll'H lo t‘i‘gisli‘t‘.

HOME GAME COMFORT

i‘oiigi'ntulutions fli‘t‘ 1’] order for :i ('t‘i'lfllll di'piii‘tiiii-nl Whirl!
erected two sturdy sets ol lllt‘lli'llt'i'S. lhc avid A.\ll:\ football \ju‘i’
tutors \Hll certainly :ljljli't‘l‘lilll‘ sui-h ii ('(itiVi-ilit'llt't‘. “101 ill" 0““
lili‘flt'llt‘l‘S perhaps :i good illlt‘lltlllllt‘f' iil Stiitc Hilt't'f‘l' guiiics Will ln'
l'lillit' ‘t l’i'ftlllV’.

.7 OF THE WEEK

\\ill the tll'W 'ltill" l'lllllll be lu-Id on liil' l'lil'iil‘i' of Madison and
Hilli‘il'lii"

 

College Calendar

“(I I).-\ Y , .‘s'l'lIVI'liJMII In It 28

 

1:00 p.iii. Meeting for Big Brothers and liig Sisters .............. .. [F349
8:00 [i.iu. President’s Reception .........  liiubariicr Lower lounge
Sikl'l‘lilldY. SI‘J’T'I'IMIHCK 29
10:00 p.iii. Tug of Wur....,,.... , . . . . . . . . , . , , ,  . , , . . . , . .. College Field
2:00 p.iii. Men's Softball (iame_,,,,_,,,_,, ,,,,,,,,,,  Hobo Rutli l‘ield
2:00 p.iii. Women’s Softball (iatne,..,, .............  ('ollegc liicld

APA [lute l’urty
l‘lli Date Party
SUNDAY, SI'II’TI‘IMIII‘IIC fill
' Class l’lCiiic
mommy, ()("l‘OIiIu‘ll
li‘iosh Carry Upperciussman’s Books Day
4:00 pm. Meeting for girls interested in cheerleading  Biuliaclici

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 1962

Interested Frosh to Sign on
Upcoming Activities Day

by Dave Jenks

Frosh: “Sign up or ship out..”

Not quite the

words you have been hearing the past couple of weeks
but pretty close. Right? Since you donned your bright
little beanies and were catapulted into your college
careers, people, on stages. behind podiums, at Frosh
Weekend meetings, and in personal talks, have told

PRIMER SEEKS
CONTRIBUTIONS

by Don DeFano and Glee Gillies

Now is the time to submityour
writings. whether sho rt story,
poem. or essay to the Primer.
Contributions should be left in the
Prim.’ box. located on the Prim"
bulletin board near the "Co—rp" in
lower Draper.

Begin Now

if you have just been thinking
about writing, get your thoughts on
paper now to render them (:llgil'dr
for publication as soon as possible.

The quality and variety of our
college literary magazine depend
on your efforts and interest. The
sooner we are aware of your abil—
ity the better able we will be to
cooperate with you in the produc—
tion of a superior literary maga-
zine.

Write to Us

Correspondence with this col-
umn in the News will be welcomed
and may be left in the Prime: box.

you to “Shape up or ship out”.

They have reminded you that
you had better “snap to” academi-
cally, or your career at State
might be shortly terminated.

While this is true. we also
should enjoy a little fun now and
then. We like to work with and
for other people, and since mostof
us are heading for teaching ca—
reers, it is important that we be
able to understand and take an
interest in other people.

Most of you had time for
extra—curricular activities in high
school; don't just be a book worm
here at college. Remember: Don’t
go from a high school wheel to a
college heel; gain activity appeal.
See you (lctobci‘ 6. at Activities
Day.

WSCA to Meet Tues.

Dr. Salatino announces that
there will be a meeting for all
students interested in working on
the State College Radio Station on
October 2, this Tuesday, at 7:15
in Brubacher.

Can a Mystery Figure
Prove Rocky’s Assertion?

by Joseph Galu

In May of this year, Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller spoke to a
group of businessmen in Detroit. He stated that the business atmos—
phere created by his administration “has encouraged business and
industry to invest more than $7 billion in new and expanded plants in
New York State since II Rocky] took office.”

The governor’s of ice announced that it did not possess a break—
down of the figure. but that the Commerce Department should be
asked.

According to a report in the Glovouvllle Loader-Herald, the
Commerce Department stated that the figure is only a general esti-
mate.

The sources for the estimate were said to be the Federal Census
Bureau and the reports of F. W. Dodge Corporation, which keeps care-
ful watch of the construction industry.

The Department of Commerce spokesman also stated that no
figures of this sort were kept before 1959. He stated that the new
figures from the Census Bureau were not yet available.

The latest available figures were then taken from a 1958 report.
A projection of the 1958 figures lead the officials to believe that
approximately two billion dollars have been spent each year on new
and expanded plants.

Rockefeller used the figure of seven billion to show that the “busi—
ness climate” had improved furing his administration,

Unfortunately, his figures are based on a “projection” of figures
obtained for the last year of the Harriman administration.

In 1958 Mr. llarriman expressed his view that the federal govern-
ment was responsible for any minor lag in the State’s economy.
Mr. Rockefeller said that the state had to bear the full weight of
responsibility for the major sag in the economy of the state.

In 1962, Mr. Rockefeller is expressing his views that the federal
government is being mismanaged and is responsible for our sagging
economy. Mr. Rockefeller pretends that the economy of New York
State is better than that of the nation as a whole.

in several ways, New York’s economy is in worse than average
shape. Nation-wide. 63 percent of the unemployed are the sole or
primary sources of income for a family. New York’s percentage is
higher than the nation’s average.

 

 

(g lilti'.’ ll. .7. Iieyiioldl ’I‘ulilrcu Collipdll)’, Wiiiltuii Salem. N, C.

5‘ You'll smoke with a fresh enthusiasm

whenygg discover the cool “air—softened"taste of Salem

0 menthol fresh 0 rich tobacco taste a modern filter. too

 

PAGE 3

3 British Films
Mix Comedy,

Suspense Style

by Paul Jensen

A genre of motion pictures that
has recently become popular is the
comedy-suspense picture. This
type of film, more often than not
concerned with some criminal
activity, is a decidedly difficult
kind to produce successfully.

It is the British who seem to
have cornered the market, for no
other country has produced even a
few well-done attempts. TheBrit-
ish. however, have been supplying
them regularly.

A Matter of Who, a film re-
cently at the Delaware Theater,
was one such picture. it mixed.
in nearly equal parts, smoothly
done comedy With an effectively
puzzling and occasionally sus-
penseful chase.

Oddly enough the chase was
not, basically, of a criminal na—
ture. Instead, it concerned the
efforts of a representative of the
U.N.’s World Health Organization
to track down a dangerous small—
pox carrier.

Terry-Thomas portrays the
investigator in a much more sub-
dued style than he has ordinarily
used. This “new” Terry-Thomas
is equally as effective as the old,
but more farcical, however, and is
one of the highlights of the film.

The supporting performances
are capable. the writing is crisp
and Don Chaffey’s direction lively.

A Coming-Out Party,thept‘es-
ent tenant of the Delaware, is a
similar film. Concerning the ef—
forts of a German 1’.O.\\'. camp’s
inmates to help a top scientist
escape its confines, this picture
also mixes comedy and suspense
well.

Just as Who was dominatedby
Terry —Thomas, Pariy boasts
James Robertson Justice. The
portly actor has a field day as the
scientist — a genius who knows it.
His performance is rivaled, how-
ever, by those of his supporting
cast — Leslie Phillips, Stanley
Baxter, John Le Mesurier and
Eric Sykes

The ii .‘m will probably is com-
pared to Stalag 17, an excellent
Billy Wilder film of not too long
ago, which also concerneda l’.0.\\'.
camp. Neither picture would suf-
fer by the comparison, however.
Written with subtle wit and di-
rected by Ken Annakin with deft—
ncss, this is a highly agreeable
suspense comedy.

()n the same program with A
Coming~Out Party is a short called
The Case of the Mukkinese Battle-
Horn. This is a wild take offoii
Scotland Yard; it reunites Peter
Sellers and Spike Mulligan, old
radio cronies from the IHHJ.

They run the show with Sellers
playing two roles, as well as act-
ing as narrator. and Mulligan in
three roles. The picture is a
mixture of one-line jokes, sight
gags and iiliiiost everything else.
Though it occasionally loses the
thread of its plot and cares noth—
ing for character development, the
film has one great advantage — it
is hilarious.

 

STUDENT UNION
SNACK
BAR

OPEN

Mon-Thurs, 9-l0245 P.M.
Fri.,-Sat., 9- l2230 A.M.

Sunday 4—IO:45 A.M.

 

 

 

 

 

