 

 

 

    

criminal...

(Author of “I Was a Teen-age Dwarf,” “The Many
Loves of Dobie Gillis," etc.)

 

 

HAPPINESS CAN’T BUY MONEY

Can education bring happiness?

This is a question that in recent years has caused much
lively debate and several hundred stabbings among American
college professors. Some contend that if a student’s intellect
is sufﬁciently aroused, happiness will automatically follow.
Others say that to concentrate on the intellect and ignore the
rest of the personality can only lead to misery.

I myself favor the second view, and I offer in evidence the
well-known case of Agatlie F usco.

Agathe, a forestry major, never got anything less than a
straight “A”, was awarded her llT. (Bachelor of Trees) in
only two years, her M.S.B. (Master of Sap and Bark) in only
three, and her l).B.C. (Doctor of Blight and Cutworms) in
only four.

Academic glory was hers. Her intellect was the envy of
every intellect fan on campus. liut was she happy? The
answer, alas, was no. Agatha—she knew not why—was miser-
able, so miserable, in fact, that one (lay while walking across
'anipus, she was suddenly so overcome with melancholy that
she fiang herself, weeping, upon the statue of the Founder.

By and by a liberal arts major named It. Twinkle Plenty came
by with his yoyo. He noted Agathe’s condition. “How come
you're so unhappy, hey?" said R. Twinkle.

“Suppose. you tell me, you dumb old liberal arts major,"
replied Agathe peevishly.

  

_< 7, W
'1‘ | ‘

‘llare. Yoga/er armada. Wa/kom‘cwrﬂ/e?’

"All right, i will," said It. Twinkle. “You are unhappy for
two reasons. First, beeaiise you have been so busy stuffing
your intellect that you have gone and starved your psyche. I've
got nothing against learning, mind you, but a person oiightn't
to neglect, the pleasant, gentle amenities of life the fun
things. llavr- you, for instance, ever been to a dance?"

Agathe shook her head.

"Have you ever watelied a sunset'.’ Written a poein'.’ Smoked
a .\larlboro ('igarette'.’"

Agailie shook her lif'lttl.

Well. we'll fix that right now'” said it. 'l‘winkle and gave her
a Marlboro and struek a iiiillf‘li.

She puffed. and then for the first time in “wire or fifteen
years, she .-miled. "Wow "' she cried. ".\larlboro.~ art a fun thing!
What flai'oi'l What liliei‘l What pack or lioxl \Vlial a lot to
likel From now on i will smoke .\lar|boros, and newr have
another unhappy day‘."

“llold'” said If. 'l'wiiikle. ".\larlboros alone will not solve
your problem only half of it. lteiiieiiiber l said there were
fun things making you unhappy?”

"Uh. yeah," ~aid Agailie. "What's the other one?“

"How long have you had that bear trap on your foot?”
and it, Twinkle.

"l ~iepped oi. it during a field trip in my freshman year,"
and Agatlie. "l keep meaning to lia\e it taken off."

"Allow me," ~aid ll. Twinkle and removed it,

“Land ~ake-, what a reliei‘l” said Agailie, now totally happy,
and took ll. 'l'wiiikle's hand and led him to a Marlboro \endorl
and then to a Justice of the peace.

'l'oday Agailie is a perfectly lullilled woman, both iiitclli-eb
wise and personaliiywise obe l|\i'~ iii a darling splii»li-\el
lioii~e with l’. 'l'winkle and their 17 children, and she ~llll keep
busy III the forestry game iinly la~i month, in fuel, ~lii- la-caiiie
f‘on-Iiltnni on Sawdust to the Alini'il‘nii l’niiehcrs timid, \hc
wa~ named an Honorary Sequoia by the park i'Iiiiiliii-*Iiilii r oi
l.a»- \‘egna and she publi~lied a be~i».~elling book i‘ulli'il I li‘lls
II .‘li/r/a I'l/ [Cl/o for (fit l'I/fl. i l‘i'v.’ Ni“ ‘Iiuliliuh

4: I: 4s
The makers of Marlboro are pleased that iy/allie iii limile

out of (he iroorls and so irill you he if your goal la smoking
pleasure. Jusl (r!) a Marlboro.

 

 

RIM
Crown: ova TAILURS

HA Little Finer - A Little More CarefulH
HAll Garments Checked [for l/iiior Repairs”

PLANT—Corner Washington Ave., and Ontario Street
ALBANY, NEW YORK

_,

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10. 1962

 

PSI GAMMA
President Phyllis Cipolla’63 an-
nounces that Knttie Powell ’65 was
pledged Monday night. A coffee
hour was held with Potter Club
after the meeting. The sisters
held an informal party last Mon-

day night.

CHI SIGMA THETA

Jean Davis ’63, president. an-
nounces that an Open House will
be held Friday for Off-Campus
men; and a coffee hour wilibe held
this Monday with Kappa Beta. A
faculty card party will be heldOct.
26. Also Tina Hartung ’65 was
pledged Monday night.

SIGMA PHI SIGMA

Leona Kerpel '64,president, an—
nounces that Harriet Cooperman
'65 was initiated last Friday. The
Formal Weekend co-chairmen are
Doris Wexler '64 and Lois Stein—
berg ’64. A coffee hour with
Sigma Lambda Sigma was held
Monday night.

GAMMA KAPPA PHI
President Sue Platt '63 an—
nounces that a coffee hour with
Theta Xi Omega was held last
Monday night. and with Potter Club
recently.

BETA ZETA
Loraine Crispeii ’63, president,

 

announces that an Open House will
be held this Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m.
A date party will be held Monday.

PHI DELTA

June Druian ’63, president, an-
nounces that Judy Laing ’63, Bev-
erly McBroome. Yvonne Marsh,
and Claire Sorrentino, Sopho-
mores, were pledged Monday night.
A coffee hour will be held with
Potter Club on October 22.

SIGMA ALPHA
President Judy Strong ’63 an—
nounces that an Open House for
statesmen will be held Sunday from
2 to 5.

KAPPA BETA
Frank Rants ’63. president. an—
nounces that John Deans ’65 is the
chairman of the cigarette contest
for this semester.

ALPHA PI ALPHA

President Larry “Twinkle—
Toes” Coleman '63 announcesthat
the brothers wiiihave acoffee hour
with the sisters of Beta Zeta on
Monday night.

Also, Tom O’Neill '63 has been
appointed to the newly established
honorary position of fraternity
“dog catcher.” 'i‘hisyear’s“tool”
committee will consist of Bill
Burnett ’63, chairman, lid Reid
’64, and Bob Barrette ’65.

Students Form Peace Group

By Toni Master

There is a new group on campus
this fall, political in nature and
dedicated to informing its mcm-
bch and the student community on
the issues of nuclear war and
disarmament.

The Student Peace (lroup, al-
though bareiy a month old, has
already begun to outline its pro-
gram of information and stimu—
lating activities. The group meets
weekly but as yetirreguiariy. Stu-
dents interested in aitciidingna-ei-
ings should watch the State College
News, the bulletin boa rds, and their
student mail boxes for information
on meeting times. L'p to the pres—
ent, meetings have been heideiihor
Wednesday afternoons or evenings
at the Student Center, 160 (,‘entral
Ava-nae.

'lhe constitution, which has not
yet been approved officially bv llic
Senate, states the objectives oi the
group: “to dessemmaie miormav
tion, >§liliiiiliilc creative thinking,
and awaken a sensi- oi iiiilividiuii
responsibility in tin. Albany stii~
dent coiiiiiiiiiiitv, . ,on llii‘ issiics
of war and pcni'c.”

.sl‘il llth a i ready undertaken
HUIIII‘ iiclioi. toward atiniiiiiieni oi
Ilit'Ht‘ goals. Aniiilorioaiivcnews—
letter, I‘illli‘il by liruce lhiiiicls',
will be lillllllnlli‘ll ii! iii l c i'\ :i 1 ~.

throughout the academic year, and
it is hoped thrii' a full library of
literature on the arms race and
disarmament will be ready forstu—
dent use in the near future. i.i—
brarian David \Vliittlcsley alsoex—
pccts that an annotated biblio—
g’raphy of books that have been read
and recommended by group mem—
bers will be published and distri—
buted to the student body belore
the end of thc Fall term.

i)r. \\iiiirirn iii'irnes oi the Phi-
losophy Department will speak to
the group at its meeting \\cdnes—
day, Uctobcr ill at 7:30, and unthi-
following Monday afternoon, No—
vember :3,at.'l:1i0, silt; will spon—
sor .\irs, Annalee Stewart of the
Women’s l.c:ig‘lic ior l’eace and
Friendship. lloili oi these fllt‘l‘l-
ings, liki' allot the mceiings‘olthc
group, are open to rill studentsiind
faculty mi-mbnrs. l“th experienci-
iii lhiiiking in not ‘l pri-i'o-ipiisitc;
all that is l'l‘lllill’i‘il Hi (I partici~
pant is a certain:iii.ouniol interest
liiiil llli‘ ‘IllllilV to down .'| cup oi
rather iili'llllii‘i‘I‘ coilec.

llll' 'illll'I'I\ oi Ilil' group li:i'.‘c
Ili‘l'll "ll‘l "ii ‘i.~. liillii.\-»: ’vlix‘iii
\iei/ ‘iliil I' 'I r| \i‘lii 'Illi'l, i'o-
"li‘iii iiicii; loiii ‘.lc ilwi, ‘it‘i‘li‘l‘ii y;
lli‘l liii i‘iilil' liiili‘l Mnol, li‘i"l -.
‘lii‘i liill'Il'l 'iivlcllirpiibli-i'v

Iil’lll igI-i.

Debate Team Hears l’rmel

ihe i‘JtiZ-illi fleIHlli‘ season w as
oilicirilly initiiied ai i'olgate lliili
\‘i‘l'sllv, during the two day inch
mg of the New York ‘lllli‘ iii-bate
Association held lliisi'c fir-tuber l.’
and iii. More than l70 debaters
and adVisors from :7 New York
collegizs and univcrsiiios pai'iicr
pated in the. various activities ol
lliiri annual iiieeiing.

llot mid June ﬁli'ii'klllilil, ir:
ltiibtrJIiinHky, flurry iioldmaii,
l'hyiiis Vastbmdar, aiio Andy l‘ii‘l
sor, With iidVii-iors Mr. Samuel
l‘rilt.:liard and Mr. J. \‘l, ltichi-r,
heard three exports" IIib‘i‘lISh lhc
national intercollegiate iii-baie
topic for this year —— rosolyod:
that the IIUII'I‘UIIIIIIIUIISI nations
of the world should establish an
coonoiiin: community. Panelist»

Illl'l‘lilt‘il lll‘_ \lnraui -\.'llli‘ lioiiillii-
l'iiii’ci'wity ill ll'li'liI“;li‘i‘, ia-ruldl.
Mori i', I'4‘|Iii' mating the "iiiznlinn
i'oiiniiliitc 'iciii-i‘iil; and in. Frank
I‘llll'lth-UI’IIII l'l'fIll‘Hﬁlll' ol l‘.l'il
noiiiics :il ('olgiile. Alli-i lbc iliri
i'lihhlliii, debaters liiiillliliililiiii'l'lll"
ily III ipii/ ilic cxpci'lri.

According to ltoborl ‘: ‘iiiillli,
iiii-i-cior oi Forensics at i‘olgaii-
this two day meeting was “. .mosi
iiiiporlnnl to college debaters. ll
gaVe them a chance to iind out
a great deal about the national
topic and aids lit i-arly season
preparation." lic Wi‘ill on to point
out that “iii-bate is rapidly bc,~
coming a popular intercollegiate
activity, attracting an i'Vt'i' in—
creasing number of superior slur
dents."

 

 

Notices

Tran-tor Alloclutlon
A meeting is tentatively set for
Friday, October 26, 1962. Be sure
to check your student mailboxes
for definite information.

Waterbury Dan Party

Gary Leonis '64, President of
Waterbury Hall. announces that a
date party will be held tonight
from 8:00 p.m. until 12:00 mid-
night. it will be in “Walden” (the
Alden—Waterbury dining room).
John Tyo and his “Campus Counts”
will provide .music for the entire
event.

Lost and Found
Articles may be turned in to the
Lost and Found box or to the Dra—
per information desk. All articles
must be claimed at the information
Desk.

Pierce Open House
The residents of Pierce iiaii
cordially invite the faculty and
the students of the college to their
Open House. it will he held on
Sunday afternoon. October 21. from
2:00 p.m. until 5:00 p.m.

Madison House

House Presidan, lion [hill ’6"),
has announced that fioritcommittce
chairmen for Homecoming Week—
end are Jim (littleman ’68 and Joe
:\li“(t.‘lClllk ’65. Steve Kiooci‘ ’66,
is t‘hairman for an upcoming date
party on ()etober 27.

Program Curd Change:

All 5 t u do ni s having made
changes in address, telephone no,,
name, mnior, minor or degree
program should go to the Informa-
tion Desk, first floor iiraper lio—
tundn, and correct their program
cards.

Students should always keep
these cards up to date, since they
are used as a principal source of
information, "the program card
corrections do not take the place
of official changes for I il..‘\l, rec.
ords, which still must bc liledw'iih
the Registrar.

Seniors to Travel
To Dippikill Sun.
For Class Picnic

The Class of ‘63 will trek to
Camp lJippikill for their annual
class picnic this Sunday. A bus
will leave\\aierburylialiprompily
til 1:15 pm. 'lbe only cost will
be for the bus transportation. Sen~
iors may drive up to the camp
and may Inviti- guests, but they
must hnvi- signed up in the lower
i’erislvle.

Planned By Officer:

'i he lillii'lllili has beenplniincdbv
class oiiiccrs luck Kelly, l’i-ie
Fisher, Hue Hail, and i'oiiniet‘iib
yer. it will include hiking, food,
and an informal song lest,

Committee Heudii

lln- (‘omiiniti-e heads arc: Food,
i'ai'oll i'olway and ~li‘iiii 'lully‘,
iransportaiion, Ace Ali-i‘ai'tliv;
l' uh I ic i iy, lioi lruskoliiski and
[lofty Nliiitliy. .'\ir. Neil ilrown of
the hilltlttlll l'i‘I'HiiliilI'l Hitn-e, Mrs.
lll'tinl. and Mr. itoberi iiopie, Will
be (‘haporones Miss Angie Mi
care and Mth Alici- lorda oi the
maci'etnrinl .‘tlllll liiltl' also ln-i'ii
inViied.

Directed By Peter-

lhc Seniors, directed by Walt
i’oters, will sing their class Alma
Mater at the liivairy Sing tumor--
row evening. A short rehearsal
for the eVent Will be held at 10:00
tomorrow morning in lirubachcr
l’rivaie inning itoom. w alt Peters
was also the music director for
the skits oi the i'iass of '63 when
they were competing for itivalry
points,

 

 

 

State College

 

News

 

 

Z 464 ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1962

VOL XLVII No. 19

 

§e_mt2

Student Body To Vote On "2.0”
Requirement For S.A.

by Dave Jenks

An iliiii’litllllt’ill to the Student As-
sociation t‘onstiiution to make a
3.0 averagi- mandiioi‘y for S..-\.
officers, Senators, and class of—
iicers was passed by Senate. iiav—
iiig‘ obtained the necossnry li/i-l vote
in Senate it will be presented to
the student body ior approval.

The \\edni-sday night meeting
was also concerned with the par-
lit'llltillwii oi ircshmen in tlievotiiig'
ioi' .\iyskaiii'i, Albany’s iiidicial
liinly,

Myskunin Says Nol

\lzirv .\lii‘l‘l\'il1l|lﬂ;lilfiil,i'llfiii"
men oi the mutati- \uxiliai'y t'om-
notice, to whom the problem lliiil
been directed, started the discus—
~ioii bi rwidiiig ’l \iyskaniri rev—
Uililiii‘lliltllliill.

.‘xhc reported that the Myskanin
'iil‘llilll‘l'h wci'c against lllt' pros
pom-ll 1.0 ior i..\, oiiiccrs :iiid
\I'Illlliii‘ﬁ. lln- were opposed lli‘-
(-ausi: of tour reasons:

i) ,\ student has the right to
decide w'ln-thcr lie is capable of
'i-isiuiiuig ‘ill iillli‘i', while still lit“-
iiig lllJli‘ io rziisa- lli>i average to a
passing lc\cl.

1) line \»ill‘l'\'. ‘ii'c aware oi the
~iiii:iiioii mil havi- the pcrog'itivc
to considi-i :i ~:iuiiciii‘s average
when \oiiiig lIJi' ii' zigziinsi him.

it) lhvrc is no proof lll'il not
being on \cii'ilc is :in\‘ iiioii\:iii=ui
to .‘l siiixlciii’». studying.

l) 'llici'c lli'|\'Ili‘llt‘iillll".‘.ill| lcss
lll.‘|ll J.“ '-‘.li‘i i‘iililnl slill lii' cKi'cl
li'iil lc:iilci--

it was iin~ii pointed 'iill bi, Ilil'
radiators tutoring the :iiiicinliin-iii
ilisit ll \\.'I~'ILi'dli'l‘lllI‘illi'\i‘li*~li\illl:Il
H'l \i ill“ in
i’llir‘ll,l,

«nil lll'il suici- ilic ll||\i'i' il‘. ol‘l

| ni‘lldltll' rulltlllltl bir
.J,oiiil ~11iiiiliiig ‘.\|lll llii‘

’lic _‘.|| ‘i\|'l'l‘,,’i‘ 'l‘ :i iiiiiiiii. it: re

quirciiicnt ior its students, a sena—
101' should not be below thisstaiid—
:ird.

“Many ircshmcn get below a
3.0,” was the replyofihoseagainst
the proposal, “since it is usual
that during the ireshmcn’s period
of adjusiiin-iit his marks :irelow‘cr
than normal."

“Among these frosh just below
the 3.0 there iil‘i' possible and
probably many capable leaders.”

5'..\. l’i‘csident. Sievet‘ondojaiii,
sti-ppi-d illll oi order to give his
\‘n-ws on the situation.

"i must say that i am definitely
tor the 3.0 average, .\ senator
who i< worrying about his grades
liiis iio lllili' tIi do :i maul iob for

\i-iiaic. Man, ican’t ask for hpr
or i.‘|\'ll'.\ iii lit-lilili' \\'ll’l lllilh‘l
\iurlv.”

llarry lhoriiliill ’fiit, mow-ll ii:
:iiiiciid the constitutional :imciirb
incni to include clrissoiln'crs. [i
was discussed and piissi-il.

Stating that tln- primarypurposi-
oi being here at State is to gain ii
collegi- education and this means;
thai iiiainiaiiiiiig a 3.0 average
sliiiillil lii- lli‘ltl (IllilVi' liciiig‘ {I Hi'llll'
tor, liill l,co ‘04, lil(i\'t'illlli'lii‘i‘Yli
oiis (llii‘HliUii.

it was liltl\i‘ll :iiid iln- necessary
Ilwl iiirijoi'ity oi sciiator~ rob-d iii
i:i\or oi the :iiin-ndmciii. it will
now bc brought to .'i vote of tin-
siudciii body where ll must gain .'i
J/Ji plurality with at lcasi :30 of
iln- student body \oiiiig,

Fresh Vote?

[l .I‘I'~ lH'iIlhiM‘ll lliui li‘i-Hliiiicii
lll‘ i'\v‘llllli‘il lliili; \iillllLl‘ liil' \l\'-
.\l(.‘llii.’i.

\pcakiiig iii bend of the iiioiioii
‘M-iiziior lliII i‘iili i ll ’03, stab-d,
“\iiinc people may do (llllli' .’i bit
during llli'li’ lli'\l iwii \'i'.'li'\’, but do
iioi 1;‘I||I I'I'i‘iigililliiil during Ibi-

Transfer Relates New
Group’s Problem

lll‘ili' Friend back home,

llo you want to know what its
liki: to be a transferred student
at State? i suppose the one Word

which would best describe the

fooling all of UN hich iH"lo.~;t.”
“4‘ iAl'l‘ lllllll'lI‘IlIiAllHI lllllll‘r (‘IIISH-
men who are ﬁllliliilhtﬁtl to hich
.ili'caid) itiljllhll‘il to college. life.
but who still llitV“ many of tin-
Iliillf problems that. freshman do.

\\c are. now ill the. process of
uniting, air. it ti‘iinml'oi‘ organiza-
tion no that we will be able in
nhow the transfers of future years
around no that they Won't be
quite. lib lost Hh‘ we are. Vli: real-
i/.e. that we Would probably linVu
l't,‘.'1‘t:lil.tftl it if we. had been forced
to participate in the freshman
orientation program, but We still
need to become acquainted with
the particular way things are
donc here at State. MYHKANIA
has been very helpful in getting
us acquainted With life here. liut
we think that We. as former trans-

form could do inoru to help the

new transfers lieciiiiHo we would
understand one anothch prob-
loins.

lle hope: that our organization
will be able to cooperiitc with
the frHHhinun orientation commit-
tee. so the transer student Will
havu transfer big brothers" and
listens, 'l‘his will eliminate the
rather «eiiilnirrixssiiig situation of
the in your old sophomore who
finds: lit.‘ in bill, brother to it 25
year old junior transfer student,
be. hope to be. able to provide the.
new transfers with information
about the regulation and academ-
ic requirement, particular to
State,

We hich composed a constitu-
Lion and are now waiting to have
it approved. We are going to have
a meeting this Monday afternoon
at It in Draper 340. We hope hill
transfers will come So we can
really get our club started with

Your friend,

Mo

Positions

first semesieroi their Junioryear.
They do not become known by the
freshmen class. and are therefore
iioi voted into .\l\’r~il(lii‘ii.’l.”

lion liichley ’63, mentioned that
.\lyskania could be coniparedto the
Siipi‘ciiie (‘ourt of the i‘,.\'. which
is not \‘oicd iiiio office by the pub—
lic. lll' comnn-nii-d that our hon—
oi'ai‘y iiidicial body should also be
Hclcclctl by these who know the
people involved best.

“ i'hc lrcshiiicn are just as much
:i part of llllS school as anyone,"
('(iiilllt'i'i'il (ii-oi'gc loiiiriga ’05‘,
"thus they should have :is much
say as anyone."

Pointing out that half oi thi-
\'(ili‘l>£ who llii‘ii out :ii‘c li'lo,
Nani-y llnuma nn ’0"), stated,
“it sci-ms that [hosi- who know
least haw Illi‘ most influence.“

lha- iiioiionwnsthciitnblcdpciid»
iiig further investigation into such
matters :is‘ a certain percentage
oi the ircshiiicii \oii- being taken
and thc opinion of \iyskniiiri them-
selves. 'iiie iiiiai :n-iioii on this
bill \vill probably be taken at next
\\i-ilni-sd:iy's nn-eting.

Newman Club
Slates Dance

’i‘onight the Newman Club will
sponsor a Harvest Moon Dance
open to all students, Music willbe
provided by John 'i‘yo’s “Campus
Counts.” The dance will be. held
at the Knights of Columbus Hall,
375 Ontario Street, from H—prJn.
'l'ickets, one dollarperperson, are
on sale in the pcristyles. Dress
will be informal, but students are
requested not to wear sw/eiitshirts
or bermudas.

(in Sunday. ()ctober 2H, the first
i‘oniniunion llreakiast oi the year
Will be held at Niliill l‘atrick's
Church. All i‘aihoiic students are
invited If) llllt‘llfl the It) ii’cliiclt
mass and to receivi- iioly i'iiiii~
uiunioii.

'lhe gin-st speaker will be the
ltcvierciid ltich a rd Ai'iieitroiig,
.'\i..\l., Illl‘i‘Ki‘l‘IillVi'i‘tliltll‘til World
Campus, an international collegi-
magazine, Father Armstrong will
speak on llli‘ opporiiiniiies ior
world service open to i'aiholic
colleg‘iiiiis.

DUNN TO ACCEPT
‘63 AMBASSADOR
APPLICATIONS MON.

Applications for the 1003 i‘ol~
li‘gc Aiiibiiﬁo‘iiiliii‘ l'I'iigi'iiIii Will lic
accepted through Monday, bow-m
lhey must be typewritten
and submitted to Ross iliiiin ’(ill,
Minister of t'uliure, through Stu—
dent Mail. i-Lach application must
include the followung information:
(i) a statement oi the student‘s
approxiiiiato i'iiiiiulalivc iivoi'iigi.e;
(2) a summary oi the student’s
college activities; (3) a choice of
tWo or three countries iliai the.
student would like to visit and the
reasons for his choices; (4) a
statement explaining how the sin»
dent beiicvos he can represent
the University and the nation
abroad and contribute to illltfi‘llil‘
lioiiai undcrslainimg.

her 2).

Regulations To Apply

At Fresh-Sophomore
Rivalry Pushbull Game

teams are required in the new

Tomorrow morning at 10:00.
State’s annual frosh-Soph pushbail
game will keynote the week's Ri—
valry activities. The game wiilbe
played under completely new rules
on College Field.

New Rule:
Six separate periods with six new

Five Editors
Travel To
Detroit

Representatives of the Star. Cof-
logo News and the yearbook staff
are now attending the Associated
Collegiate Press conference in
Detroit, Michigan.

Those representing State at the
national conference are Dave Jenks
’64, feature editor ofthe News; Joe
Gain ’65, managing editor of the
News; Shirley Blanchard, editor—
in—chief, and Toby ’i‘lusty and Ro
i’etrick, seniors, associated edi—
tors of the yearbook.

The group left Albany yesterday
morning for the opening session.
The conference will end tomorrow.

As part of the. activities, the
delegates will traveito Assumption
University in “incisor, Ontario to
hear Alphonse ()UIIIICI. presidentof
CBC ’i'\'. Mr. ()uimct was in—
strumental iii the. development of
'i'clcstar.

il a r ri so n Salisbury, former
Moscow correspondent and pres-
ent director of national corres—
pondence for the New York Times
will also address the convention.

General sessions at the Shera—
ton Cadillac iiotel will consist of
seminars and workshops concern-
ing basic. yearbook and newspaper
production.

Oscar Wilde Satire
To Appear Tuesday

“The. importance oi‘iieingifarn-
est” will be piji-soiiied under llic
auspices of the Draniritics and Arts
t'ouncil at Page llnll 'l’iicsdny (ll
8:30 p.m. in creating this classic
and time—honored satire, (isciir
\\ ildc pulls no punches in pointing
out the social livpoci‘is’cs oi his
day. \\ iih oiii- wiin i-pig'raiii after
another ll polo-s dclicioiis Illii {ll
high ilriiisli society.

The ('lcveliind i’liivhous'c Tour»-
ing i‘ompaiiy is a fairly ri-ei iii out -
growth of a time-honored thcnii'i-
cal organization. 'lhis 1H ihi-thii'd
season on lllt‘ road for the troupe.
l'hi- siii-ccssoi llii‘liilii‘iliLLI'iiliillfill)’
proiiiplcil the New York Times to
send ilH drama critic, iiow'ard
'laiibman, on a 1,000 iiiill‘ ii'ck
lust \’i‘.’ii' to i-i':ilii:ilc this unupn-
lli‘iijccl.
:ibouiidi-d with enthusiasm.

l’ickcls .‘Il'i‘ now .‘i\.‘Ill‘Ililt' :it ihc
stiidcni desk by tax ward. Nash
nah-s will llt' handled .‘II the door,
‘l ickcls :ii'c $1.00 itcsi-ricilscxiis
are still availawa 'llill may be olo
Irililcil Ilt‘ltll't‘ M; iii p.iii.

NOTICE

don Strickland, president of He;
bale i‘ouncii, iiiyites all iniereslcd
people to a intercollegiate debate,
mixer tonight at 7:30 inlirubacher
Lower Lounge.

The highlight of the eyening will
be a humorous debate in which
NorWieh l‘nivursity, guests of De—
bati- t‘ouncil, will participate.

The topic for the debate is:
Resolved: that New York Stati-
should annex the. stan- oi Vermont.

Norwnth University will also
participate in a demonstration
Workshop for high school students
tomorrow. the national inter-
collegiate debate. topic iliisyearis:
itcsolved: 'lhai llitfiiiiii“i'iilliiiilililsl
nations of the world should use
tiiblish an economic coiiiiiiuniiy

llis subscipicnt reports

 

rules. Rivalry Chairman, Fred
Smith ’64, relates that these rules
have been initiated because of the
overly rough competition custom-
ary in past years.

A shorter amount ofplaying time
in each period and the use of a
large slate of substitute players
will make the game less physically
tiring than before and enforce
needed safety regulations.

All players for the game must
report to College Field at
10:00 a.m. Saturday morning.
Cheering points will be judged by
class participation at the game.

Score

The present Rivalry score is
7-3 in favor of the Class of 1965.
Three points will be awarded for
the Rivalry Sing. held last Satur—
day night. The winnerofthis event
will be announced on Campus Night,
November 9, Rivalry’sculminating
event.

Soccer Cheating

Cheering points will also be
awarded at Wednesday evening’s
soccer game with New Paltz at
Bleeckcr Stadium. This cheering
event is included in the Rivalry
schedule because of the cancella-
tion of the October 12 College Pep
Rally.

At Wednesday’sgame,bothcias-
ses will lead college cheers and
present special skits at half time.

Newspapers
The last issue of Satan's Scroll
and Jay's Journal, Sophomore and
freshman class newspapers, re—
spectivuly, will be issued today.

Remaining Events

Two more Rivalryevents remain
after next Wednesday. On Novem—
ber 3, the Banner i'iunt will com—
mence at 9 a.m. Campus Night,
featuring the Rivalry Skits and the
disclosure of the winning class,
will form a part of State’s Home—
coming \\ eekend, November 9.

KDE Initiates
45 Members

Kappa iii-lia inpsiion held its
initiation ltanrpn-i .'Il Jack‘s lies—
l.’iil!"iii', Wednesday, iictvi’n-i‘ 17.
Inn-n ~ included \li\.~ ltovanii .wilii,
:issi-iaii‘. iiroii-ssor o‘ tisiiies...
Nlisrs Margaret llziyi-s, aiidlir iiiitl.
\\ ash-y, Professors of I'm] t- .Ill‘lll,
’liiil Faculty Ailvisoi‘, .\Il"n .\l.‘ii‘-
gai'et Farrell, Assistant liiolcssor
oi ixdiiciitioii.

(ireiia fleck, p re sidciii, was
pleased to w‘eleonn- the following
her; iiiembi-rs:

Maureen tireeii, itoiiiin- have.
iier:iidii.~ Schin-iier, Louise Yaeg~
er, Seniors.

l’hyllis Angeli, l’.l.‘Ili1I‘.\l\i',vlii:iil
:‘\:-iioury, Sandy ll'illiis’iuic, i'lim»
liclli Beecher,i‘onnii- lleiitlci , Xvi?
lic llrowi-i', Varol "obi-n, linen
i'olcgi‘ove, handy i'oinpo, i'arolyn
lliccrotinlo, I‘ai‘ol l' :iioii, .linic
Fairchild, Kathryn Fuller, !rcnc
iiaiano, and i'Idiih riisniotli.

Also, .Iaiiei Iilll'llllll, illiilllli lloag,
lleth ilcctor, l’airicizi ltoiiziihiin,
itllll Marcia itowiaiid. |"r:inllarri.~;,
l’ai Jewell, Fin chiii, l\'areii|\'iiig,
l.illllil ix’ui‘z. llclty Austin, l‘alricia
iimve, Ilarbara Keenan, June Aaron
and Frances Miller.

Also, Valery lx'resky, Marcia
iii-bengai'th, .\I1II'V i.ou Mama.
Janet Mantei, t'arol Markeson,
l’atricia l’ciiirs, Marietta itaneri,
ltutli Samson, Karen Si-liiniuiiaii,
and i‘lveiyn Simon.

After the initiation ceremony, a
briel business meeting was held
iciiatively outlining the years pro—
gram. At this time members
volunteered to work on several
coniiiiiitces organizing ilraduatc
Studies Programs, tutoring serv»
ices, and Fl'A work.

