 

Frash Participation

The editors of the State College News, by necessity
are in a good position to observe the workings of life—
social and intellectual—at our college. We are both
surprised and gratified to see the large number of
fresh who are joining the various activities at State.

We wish more would work on our newspaper, but we
know that there are some other activities; even though
they are, of course, less important.

We are pleased to see that the fresh are working on
so many activities. For example we have the floats
of last weekend and the upcoming Stadium Kick dance.
There are many other examples.

We were pleased to see the amount of hard work
which obviously went into the frosh skit on Campus
Night. 'We hope that the disappointment of losing
Rivalry will help their school spirit and not hurt it.

Campaigns ?

A few weeks ago there was a long and interesting
discussion in student Senate about what should be done
with the freshmen. Should this group vote for Myskania
and other college-wide offices? The answer was almost
unanimously “yes.”

One of the points raised each time someone suggests
a change in any voting is that traditionally there is no
campaign for Myskania. This tradition has led some to
believe that the freshmen cannot possibly become fa-
miliar with all of the candidates. It is then suggested
that the fresh are not able to judge the merits of the
candidates. We do not agree with the critics of frosh
voting for Myskania or other officers.

The State College News does believe that the tradition
of no campaigning for Myskania should be upheld.

By campaigning we, quite obviously, do not include
such things as the Pre-Election Rally and stories in
the News. We do mean the coffee klatching and back
patting variety of campaigning.

We have excellent reason to believe that this tradi—
tions is being flouted this year. There is at least one
individual who has taken it upon himselfor herself not
only to campaign, but also to starthis or her campaign
during the first half of this semester—well in advance
of the election.

We suggest that any individual, group or organiza—
tion which is contacted by this weak kneed individual
inform him or her that he or she will have to stand
on his )I‘ her own paltry record of accomplishment.

Anyone with an inferior complex so strong that he
or she feels all this campaigning is necessary will
not be a productive member of Myskania. Again we
suggest that especially the Greeks treat any and all
individuals in the campaigning clique with the coldest
of shoulders.

We are not arguing against fraternity or sorority
support of candidates, for we believe the Greeks are
shrewd enough to support only those candidates who
will bring more honor to the school. Candidates who
do not fit in the above category include those who in—
sult the college’s traditions.

Finally, we suggest that the present members of
Myskania continue their outstanding record of ac—
complishments by recommending only those candi-
dates who have not made their candidacy a topic of
conversation.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLTSHED MAY l9l6

  

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

.. q. ‘

\'0l.. XLHH

iiiiimv, NOW-.Mlilnlt l6, l9“,—

No. ii
\I V‘ “HUI”

l‘llllllx‘iH liflll

‘i'.‘.l Ill (.31

l I-ll'il >\‘»’:|l . i lxi-iiilivi-flfilii
i Mi l'll tiAld lilAIIiTIMill“ l lllli-l
'xl v'\l\"i l Ill llSl-‘i‘dA‘w (oils-ullmil ‘iluiuigiugl lllllvl

ll‘\\.i ll ‘.r.‘.
lth’lSZiliifflt ff
||'.li\ ‘.lt ( l.fll,l/

All i fr\‘-l ltll I.»\'. .
(HAM l8 liAhl‘it
u'il.\’lr’\ l‘l..'\,’\/‘\l (“l'\
t. Mth St lll'lN‘ilA."
rl Iri- l(l.i.l.

l' cuiuir ldiloi
ii‘ﬂilllllli' l ililoi
Anuuiuie l dlioi

Spoil». fdiloi
l'uiilii Nutrition-7 l' diloi
liusmuni. ldilui

lift ulvlilllll l' u flange l' ifillii
All‘.\'ri|\llli[ ‘iluiiilgL-i

l ruinuiluiil

HI ‘\}I
l diiorial r'isrushuii luriii- lul‘ll"
l'noiu ‘it‘r‘JIi' l’uui is." no”. lwr, h'cill,.)ohiiVlt-yei
Joan Antoni. \uiinfi-i ltuiiulliwn.
l‘aiulu llufuk. ‘oui, ilinil,. l’uliil Ill Jewell, l ilwaid Reid
ill} i 317.15] ‘- l'.iuf in. .m lii.f., ‘>lllrllll, l icif Smith
(:‘iltlUH'ul‘J lllu Alamil

l‘lllllKlMlilE/li‘l h f

lil *u‘k’ l‘lll lliit‘i

‘.l..i‘, f-m lhuuoulli

.i. uiilf lit' .iddirum-d [-1 lhi: vililoi uiid must he Sign
lhr ‘il All till i ll.i Nl‘ lib “5"

ll' .poii .ii ii‘ily for widllllill‘i equnnrxdin it u U:l.l.l.l|.\ ,r umunun

‘iii lull-‘ll .nii .m ,i..
.v.i bu. i-u will fir aiilhhrfrl in iciiurul
.. i . in.

.v in in. _. ‘ilil i. vq IL 1A.] my it. ii-il um i- .:..iiil, "flirt i:- ll": views

 

STATE COLLEGE NEiis, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER It I962

France Louds

Dr. [Show

The State University of New
York at Albany boasts as a mem-
ber of its faculty Dr. Edward P.
Shaw. Dr. Shaw, Professor of
Modern Languages and Compara—
tive Literature, has been honored
by the government of France for
“services rendered to French cul—
ture.”

In addition to this, the title of
Chevalier in the Order of Aca—
demic Palms will be conferred
formally at Albany according to a
notification received from Eduoard
Morot-Sir, Cultural Counselor of
the French Embassy in New York.

Author
Dr. Shaw, authorofsixbooks and
numerous articles in the area of
French literature and civilization.
has been a member of the faculty
at State University since 1947.

 

lie was instrumental in initiating

the University's Fulbright pro—
gram, foreign student programs,
and faculty lectureshlps.

During World War It, Dr. Shaw,
who attained the rank of major in
the Army Air Force, gave orienta-
tion lectures to troops in lingland
who were to participate in the
Normandy invasion. Later he was
in contact with officials of newly
liberated li‘rench towns. -

Citation

lie was Command Historian, IX
Air Force Service Command. and
the author of the conimand’s offi—
cial history. Dr. Shaw received
the llronze Star Medal and Army
Commendation llibbon, the latter
a personal citation of meritorious
achievement by (ieneriil lloyt S.
\'1iiidcnbei'g.

 

Notices

Recess

'l‘hi- 'l'liiuiksgiving llecess will
begin at 11:50 a.ni. on \\i~dnesday,
Noyember ‘21. Classcswill resume
at H mm. on Monday. Novemberlii,

.\ll sludents are required to ut—
leud classes on November 31 and
Novl-iiiber '36.

The only exceptions to this will
lli' students on Dean’s List and
those granted individual excuses by
llr. 'l'horni- or Ilr. Matthews.

 

 

Thanks Extended
lhc ll o m cc o m i u g l‘ommiili-c
wishes to thank llodnur (lldsnio
liill' llil‘., for the line of their flin-
'liil llldsmobiics in the lllillll‘i'lilll"
lug l’lii'lllll'.
Pi Gummu Mu
l‘I luimnui Alli, lfu» iixitionul so~
ciul studies honorary, has issued
invitations to new members, lfyou
believe you are eligible uiidhave
not received an invitation, see Mr.
lilrr in the Detroit Annex. 'l‘he re~
quireiiients are an overall average
of 15.0, failing no amideinic cour—
ses, and at least 120 lioursol‘social
studies with a 3.0.

ACTlNG EDITOR

JOE GALU

 

 

 

F—f

 

Aﬁ‘b
\JVV

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

b5

“WeH,|ast|heard,thetemporarysub-comnﬂttee
might p erhaps sooner orlater envision ainajor

orininor changein eitherform orrole,although
the status quo could heinaintained, atieast
fora whHe.Mayhe.”

Common
Stator

By Stroud and Smith

 

    

Ant

 

“There are those who give little of the much which they l.’ a w: r

they give it for recognition and their hidden desire makes ihl i:-
unwholesome.” —— (iibran

THANKS FOR THE MEMORIES. . . .

Now that Rivalry is over we trust that a few existing :inimosiir
be buried. To the winningl‘orcesof“(iolden lloy,” we extend 'l‘l'
gratulations. As for the frosh, you have everything to be prod!
nothing to be ashamed of. We look for big things from your 'Il' -
well organized class.

UP IN R390. . ..

At last. someone has come to the rescucof our Stall-smell. ll
seem that something should have been done years ago. As i'I-l
heard no definite word on blazer colors. Since the wearing, or p
tial Wearing, of blue and gold seems to be prerequisite for this .~:
we trust they’ll adopt these colors.

RAINY DAY... .
A somewhat traditional rainfall for the Homecoming llill‘llfi' ‘ -

little effect on dampening the spirit of participants. We l'oligi'w' . rt

those who spent hours of hard work, especially our ’l‘llitlilz mow
fraternities. A further tip of the but is due to the person who so“:
the cars for our State lovelies. The combination was regal.

KEYS TO THE FUTURE. . ..

After much confusion, there comes a proposal to acceptl
gold as our new univorsity colors. Such confusion makes us 
why this important issue wasn’t given more thought.

EXCEPTIONS TO THE RULES????

Arc fi'csh.\ll§l\' really impressed by violators of li~‘l‘ rulc '
season drink buying and later keg parties may b;ch seemed gir
the time, but when left alone llicsc frosh do think. 'l'his lliiiiliiu.
lead to disgust and a look in another direction.

YOUR TURN... .

The appearance of one of State’s faculty members :u it
Senate n’iceting made us wish student—faculty relations ‘Al'l'l' ‘
on this campus. Such an amiable individual
for closer relations with our faculty.

makes one ll‘l'l

STOP THE VULGARITY. . ..
Why must soriii-tliiiig bc foul lo be entcrlammg‘.‘ \lil-r i i l
Monday cvwdng at the smoker, \vl- doubled \Vllll Ill and Ill 'le ‘

 

 

 

Night. Although Julie :indClI‘oUIUHH'II' Ihryuvl'“ "l"\“"v “  ‘
m“ (‘AUIH I“ ,H, Hugh”), “ﬁlm. is immy, full to go l:iI in. ii
lisgiisting!
? OF THE WEEK. . ..
Arr you tired of your major eoi‘icidin'.“."“’
acme Tiara-ex: .12
7 ant ’) ‘.'u. - "The Ilitlllil‘l 01' ll .loldier”....  l‘
:1: l0 H."l. — ill?” l'lil lli'iiil‘l fiat/.1 Party”... . - - i V -l'lH|'
':(,0 run. ‘- Llﬂmu Aloha bate larty.......... . . . . . . . . ..
Saturday, lil()V':llll)l‘?l' 
’zllf) bun. -. Joel-er fiance, "Stadium Klr:l<"..... . . . . . . - .- 'l'
"at ’iiiiuina bate f’arty.......... . . . . . . . .- l ’"
jllllilllxi November lb
5200 bun. - Ka'pa iota Open House for f'rosii ind l,l‘lll'.l'fl .
L’l_ou-i*idy_L November 12
.7_1 , ' 1 , _ ,s
. 0 p.n. - liradurite .ntu'iies l‘lVUfill'i;’..... . . . . . ..Al fen—NU ?" 
uenioru'rim 
’l'uexa‘rlaxl llo‘leiulmr‘ ,‘0
1:00 p.rn. -".'}'1ll< '1focklngs".........................-l"u‘ ‘

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

i
l
.
E
.
l
E

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, l 96 2

 

I Campus Current

by Pat Jewell

We all have heard the phrase “school spirit” until
it becomes nearly meaningless—and the usual articles
written to boost this “school spirit” have become al—
most unavoidably trite. Yet it is the subject of this
article—for I think it should be of real concern to us
at State.

What exactly is school spirit? I think i-tis a pride in
the school, a desire to have it be successful in its
various enterprises, and a wish to have others think
highly of it. Yet certainly we find little of this here.
What is the reaction of a typical State student when
college—bound a high school senior mentionshe is con—
sidering this college? “Most of the kids i talked to
say, ‘Oh, don’t come here!’ ” one high school student
reported. “It made me wonder what’s the matter with
the school. The obvious faults—like the crowdedcmi-
ditions—didn’t seem to warrant such a reaction.”

Prestige Campaign?

It is a fact that as an individual thinks of himself,
thus will others think of him—and this is applicable to
an institution, too. Why don’t we actproud of our col--
lege, uphold it to the outside world, tend to hide or
play down its faults rather than show them in an ex—
aggerated light? At the State University at Buffalo,
for instance, the theme is “Boost Buffalo.” It is a
regular prestige campaign. Why don’t we try a little
Albany—boosting?

This should be much easier now that we will be
moving to a completely new campus, designed by one
of the world’s greatest architects, Edward Stone.
Certainly then our college will be one of the most
beautiful and forward moving in the State.

College Not Campus

But why wait until then to not proud of our college‘.’
For a college is more than a campus and buildings.
More than anything else it is its students — and what
binds it into unity is the Common bond all students
have as members of the same student body. Thus,
when a student belittles his school, he isonly belittling
himself.

In short, if students are proud of their college, it
will become something to be proud of, and if they dis-
parage it, it will be nothing—for you are only as good
as you think you are.

Fencers
List Officers

The State University at Albany
Fencing Society announces the re-
sults of its recent elections. The
officers are as follows: President,
Ed Reid ’64; Vice-President, Betty
\Varek ’63; 'l‘i'easui‘er, Reinhold
Rachmann ’64; and Equipment
Manager, Leonard Smith ’6-1.

The Society’s sponsor isColonel
Walter M. ’l‘isdale, Assistant to
the President for Plant Planning.
Colonel ’l‘isdale learned fencing
at the U. S. Military Academy at
West Point and is eagerly sup—
porting the growth of fencing at
the University.

Lessons

(hicc a week, the Society re—
ceives an hour and a ballot pur—
chased instruction in the funda-
nicnlnb of fencing. 'l‘heir immed—
iate goal is to achieve mastery of

the fundamental moves and for—
minology of fencing. They arc

looking forward to matches with
other fencing teams in the arc:.

'l'hough the group is closed to
new members for the l't"ill.'llll(l(‘}l‘
of this semester, they will \vcl—
come new members at the be-
ginning of next term.

Fellowships
Available

t‘ollcgc seniors who plan to
start their graduate studies in
Scptciiibci' fluid and who plan to
apply for Regents College 'l'cnch—
lllil,‘ l"i‘ll()\\’Sllip.s‘ must submit :ippli~
cations by December 1, ltlli‘l.
Information booklets and applica—
tion forms may be obtnini-d from
Miss t‘oiiklin in lli'upcr 10;").

_-\pplicafioiis for the (lruduafc
llccord lixnminntion, which is to
be given on January 19, 1963 and
whose scores must be submitted.
may llt‘ obtained from llr. l.:iwson,
'l'licsc applications must bc sub—
mitted by January al, 15163.

the benefits of these fellow—
ships will be used to aid llic
recipients in obtaining their doc—
llll'IIll' degrees from sonic i\'c\v

York Sizili- college. Fellowships
for :nl\:uiccd graduate study an-

:ilS\l fl\.‘|ll.‘|llll'.

‘Murder in the Cathedral’
An Intellectually Stimulating

Evening, States Reviewer

by Guys Fruscione

inst .\loud:iy cicning, \\l‘ :rinw
llll‘ opcniiig Illt'l'flli'illlllil‘t‘ of lbv \ll Saints l‘nllicdiul is the perfch
dutc l'iiivi-i'sily l'henli'c produce place in \\lili'li lo slugi- |'.S~ l-.lioi’.~.
lion of l.» Idiot’s vcrsc play play.

Murder in the Cathedral Ilsiil'l‘rciilcil

by llic Ili‘uiinilics :iiid .-\rtsl‘oiuicil Perfect Setting

tion of :irclulcclur'il fcullircs, the

..i \ll

lll co opci‘ulioii with llic t‘ullicdi‘ul
minis.

lcl us first discuss ‘l‘.S. l-Iliol’s
ol‘o so that we know just what if
it xii-’i‘c llillillig about. Murder in
the Calliedlal lS iiol :i ti'ugcdy, not
Ill lllt' classic sense; Micro is no
“:llllill'hirx, for one thing. ll is iiol
.l straight drumu; llici'c isiioli-vi-ii
ll! uiiclzissifiable [llt't't‘ of theatre;
there is no i-xcitcment to speukof,

Thomas Beckoi’s Story
\\liiil iS left flil'li‘.’ Murder in the
Cathedral is no more and no less
than an intellectual exercise: Here
is 'l‘hoiiiiis lieckel. \iiilcli him be
lempfed by various temporal and
spiritual forces. hutch him re—
sist temptation. Listentotliepost—
mortems. Then go home. it is

all Very interesting, but -—
liirough :i fortuitous combine»

The building is extremely high»
ccilmgcd; if has cold :iiid simpli-
pillnrs; lllSllll'litiliiciif:i\:i;J,l'1lllf
breeze which Sli‘IllS up and down
the In short, llll' l'allicdrul
is :i pcrli-i-l l‘i‘lli'i'lillll of lhc play
presented lhcrc.

l'lic director, lli'. [lurku M. liur~
inn. seems, consciously or un-
consciously lohaveuiidcrsloodtlnil
play, for the whole production rc»
flccls n calm, sane approach in
which only a low actors, inkeepiiig
with llli‘ll‘ parts, ever get very
excited.

l‘lie casting of it. Douglas ltoss
as 'l‘honuis indicates an under—
standing ol l‘lliot’s play. M r. floss
is a thin, siiintly~lookiiig individual.
with clear dark eyes and a high
forehead. lie manages to create
a lot of variety in an essentially
purl.

llll|‘S.

oiie~ note

nature of llli‘ pl-iv l“ I‘lll|)ll.‘|Sl/.|‘ll
liy All‘. llliss' {iill'lill lint" Iljlifxl «if
thc lime, ol pisl bcud, hands, and

\oicc; llll' body rciiiuins Sllll.

Remaining Cost
llll‘ i'l'\l of flu cast was iii-:ii'ly
pl-I'lm'l, \\ilb iv‘lill|lll'lil sl-uillouls.
lbw ll‘iH ol i‘rilii‘l'lllllV
l"r:uik ll)’l‘l'~w’lll ‘iSllli‘ l‘hii'dl’i'icsl,
llli‘ gi'oupol lcmpr

lll'll‘SlS,

\\.'lS l'\(‘l’lli‘lll.
lcrs niid knights was also good,
\\llll ltobcrl \\i|lowi-i' us the 'I‘liii‘ul
l'cmpfcr zuid lbc l"ii'st lSIllg’lll, gcl

ling i-very ounce ol drama out of
two of tin- few cxcilingly \\‘l‘llll'll
parts.

The t'hoi'iisol \\omciipcrforiin-d
very “I'll, reciting and moving iii
(llffll'illl ritualistic [illlli‘l'llh' with
hardly ll mistake.

Gloomy Background
Murder in the Cathedral is played
on a sei'ii-s of three specially—
constructed stepped plzilf'oriiis,
balanced symmclrically. 'l'hcsl-
platforms are puiiiledgrcy:iiiddon

PAGE 3

' Grimm Tales Display .
Unimaginative Effort

by Paul Jonson

After nearly ten years of pre—
senting nothing but Lowell Thom—
as’ wanderings, Cinerama has fi—
nally been used to tell a story.
The result, not any worse than the
ti‘avelogucs, is hardly any better.

The technical aspects of the
process have been improved since
the last of 'l‘liomas’ travels— but
not much and not enough.

Since three projectors are used.
the large, “curved” screen is still
made up of three connected, smal—
1e r ones. The vertical joints, where
each image joins the next. are still
hazy and vibrate considerably.

in addition, the colors on one
screen seldom exactly match those
on its neighbor. A third problem
yet to be licked occurs when a
straight line, such as the horizon,
continues from the center screen
to one on the side. Due to the
angle of juncture, the line appears
to slant upward.

llope seems imminent, however,
in the supposedly forthcomingone-
czimci'ii system of projection. This
should eliminate at least two of
these three technical problems.
But is Cincrania rcully worth all
the troublc'.’

Screen Too Large

it seems to me that the use of
such a massive visual scope will
merely hinder the iiinkiiig of good

lilnis. The screen is too big to

Debate Team Guests...”
To Vermont Today

'l‘odziy the Slate ldllYl'l'Sll)’ De-
bzilc 'l‘cziiii will travel lo flic l'lii—
\crsity of Vermont to compete
with various teams from the l‘llSl—
erii half of the nation.

l'wo varsity and
teams will be entered in tlic coni—
pciitioii. the members of the :if—
lii'mntivc lcnms :irc licri'v (fold—
mzin ’66, Juni- .-\:irou 'li-l, ll()\\'.'il'(l
licrkmnn ’66, and lieoi'ge liritioii
’titi.

the members of llic
lcnms :irc Jci'i'i floss ’liti, l.orcltn
lrso 'titi, .lohii Marion ’(SG and
llichard l’avlis ’66.

two novice

iicgntivc

cwi’l-biul \'llill'.'|l'll‘l' )l llll' ])l3l\'.
llll' backdrop consists of mqoi-Hl
dclicsilc llll‘l.‘il :ii‘chcs. part of llic
church building, buckrd by dark
cili'lriliis.

\\c must :ilsocoiiiiiu-iid the light
mg
slel-i'iol' :is to
theatrical clcmcufs and lil iiitollic
lubric of llll' pluy.

incongruous, but Stimulating

lllt‘l'l‘ is only one major fault
\\t‘ i'tlli find with the staging; 'lll
annoying lib-rulism iii lln- presen~
tulioii of llll’ altar at t‘uiili-i'luii'y
t'zithcdral, where the play is set.
The mnklwshiil result looks :is if
it belonged to some villugechurch,
not to a great l‘illllt‘tll'lll.

\\c recommend that you sec the
State l‘nivei'sity'l'licnlrc’sproduc-
tion of Murder in the Cathedral, lull
we also recommend that you ren—
llZl‘ that you are going to see what
is essentially an intellectual ex—
ercise. if you take the play as it
is, not as you may have heard
that fl is, you will have an intel-

‘Illtl cosluiin-s which were so

csl'upc notice :is

The intellectual good job of trillllllilﬁlllllglbl’ lllllb‘ll. lcclually stimulating evening,

show conflict between individuals

effectively.
in a scene between just two
characters, there are two main

"possibilities. One can be placed

on the left screen, and one on
the right, or they both can be
placed in the center. Any other
arrangement would throw the
frame off balance.

in the former case the audience
would end up watching a verbal
tennis match. turning their heads
from side to side to follow the
ball; the latter case would leave
empty the large areas to either
side of the ci-ntci‘, enemiraging
the viewer’s attention to strayiiito
thosc wide open spaces.

indeed, it would take a director
of considerable imagination and
ingenuity to make Cincrama ef-
fective in any but the El Cid type
of film.

Grim, Indeed

It is obvious that Henry Levin,
director of The Wonderful World of
the Brothers Grimm, is most as-
suriully not imaginative. llatingto
depart from tradition, he has
placed all of his main action in the
center, with the sides n‘iercexcess
scenery.

llis hiding ol' the quiveringjoints
by placing some vertical object,
such as a free. (ll that spot often
works, but it ninkcs for static and
direction. it is not all
l,c\iii's fault, though! The plot
is hair—thin and what llll‘l‘t‘ is is
trite and true soap opera.

The three fairy tales included,
these directed by tieoi'ge I’m] in
:i heavy—handed fashion, do have
a few bright spots.

Comedy Overdone

The final oiic (The Singing Bone),
while potentially the best, is ren—
dered absurd by the excessive
mugging nnd slapstick of 'l‘eri'y»
Thomas and l’auddy llackett. (in
the other hand, it does boast lin-
most lovable, sympathetic dragon
ever. llcdecki-d with jewels, it
executes a dciitli scene rivaling
Marguerite (iaulier’s.

The rest of the acting is stiltcd
and awkward. l.:illl‘clicc llai‘vey
pi'ojccls a winning personality,but
little else. |\':ii‘l llol-hm, Clara
liloom :ind \\flllt‘l‘ Slczuk :ill lack
evcn llllll advantage.

l-Iasily the best momenlslu‘cur
during” the Dancing Princess ililo.
Shots from a carriage cnrccniiig
wildly down a steep mountainous
road llllllZl' tin peripheral :ispx-wl
of t‘iiici'uma to advantage. A era/.v
spinning of the camera, as Ilus».
'l'nmblyn rolls down :i hill 1S :IlSo
sloiiiiiclnliii'iiingly effecting

ll’s rallici' ironic that the ou|_\
cfb-cl that will be gollcn from that
great innovation, l'inci'umu, 1S ‘lll
:irlificizillv Induccd \erligo.

Sluduiil Ullltill ‘inuill Bur

HAPPY
Thanksgiving

We (lose lues Nuv 200i ‘igi n

ouiilltoiiuiiiun Nov '2‘)

of 5p lli

Thankyou

 

 

