 

PAGE 2 ‘

Where Have All
The Writers Gone?

A newspaper’s principal function is communication,
but it should be no surprise to learn that the better
than average publication needs more than a mere
weekly report of “the facts.” Intelligent and well-
contrived commentary is an intregal part of any col-
lege paper. The News does not expect to be exempted
from this pattern.

1962’s Second Semester brought about a sort of
revival of “thought writing” at State. The News was
swamped with well-written columns by both students
and faculty members. The invitation is still here, but
are the writers?

Any student or faculty member may submit mater—
ial to the News. We welcome contributions on politics
and world affairs, theatre, books, movies, education,
philosophical questions and other brain stimulating
topics. All material in essay or feature form is
eligible for publication. Our only request is that
writers meet Sunday evening’s deadline and, in some
articles, document certain necessary facts.

It is quite evident that State students are capable of
producing work representing high caliber. We attempt
to publish something demonstrating this each week,
but there must be other writers somewhere, to join the
tried and true ones we already have.

If you have seen a stimulating art exhibit, don’t
keep it a secret forever. If you don’t like the art
exhibit, criticize it intelligently. There is no need to
keep your, perhaps unique, musical views to your—
self. Maybe someone shares them and would enjoy
reading about them. And may we add, reviews need
not be confined to activities on the State campus only.
And some people read books.

Creativity need not be absent from either a campus
or its newspaper. Newsprint should not scare away
th . .jtit. The News wants to see a variety of writers
represented in all of the fields available at the Uni—
versitv. \\"ill M be one of the contributers’.’

Nobody’s Responsibility?

’l‘i..- « xcitement at State University continues. So far
this war everyone who walks either in front of Page
or f'r- :n Draper to Detroit Annex has experienced the
mud oz: idles, which double as practice pits for our
new P. r rad Jumping team.

\\ e do not mean to be overly bitter, but most of the
puddles have been here longer than the undergradu—
ates. Possibly it is impossible to raise the slabs of
the slate sidewalks, but we doubt it. Perhaps it is
impoczsible to improve the drainage of the sidewalks,
but w. :ioubt this even more.

I.:i:.t winter, the iccon“our” sidewalks was respon-
c'iiiie 7 1‘ two accidents. (me was a broken leg; the
« l‘it‘i', a broken arm. Perhaps this year such hap—

pmt ,- will not be occasioned.
{is the college grows, its responsibilities grow. The
col but: should assume the responsii’iility for the upkeep

(1. !' ilzi- grounds, If it has already done so, it should be
more Ili\'ii)ll5.

JWG

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY lBIG

  

BY THE CLASS OF lQIU

Vol. \l.\lll l'ridiry, October 12, 1962 No. I?

i'm .i. ‘,"i,t'l}ii|ft it. a W I] ll i till! 'i. -i'isliy inmyr .t i l... .i. I. II it...

‘ ‘ .ti. ill li, it Ilii‘ ‘ o ».r .eai Iv) i’.I‘ Mr. l‘iilll i.i til i lr'il  .i ,,
\IVr\ HUN”)
. \‘ it, , .
t \ | I l i .
,iiiii '.i| .i..i,i ii
.iA\.l il‘.l iiii.,i.vlti.i
.ivi'l ‘.i‘ili|ili ‘...i iitv iliti

'Ii'tldttl‘iv. . \.-.~.iii:‘:ir
A‘fii‘i'diiliiit'. ,  . ,iv. I lit!
‘itti‘iiillKKIif..... I bump... i it!

ii-iiii'.'.\ttitl\ i. vi. \l\tlfi  iii
r‘l'i‘. ’l‘ll‘.'.l'\’.. . ‘ i .|‘ ii I: hilt)! I IM'

5| Hi
i moi i. \-.»..-.i.ii.i. _
ii.iv,ii,i, , . .. ‘ l' if” Willi! .imi li’rllli i:,i.'.ti,ii
.i vi. llilltilt‘: itilll ‘\.imii, \inr, l  I l out -ii.lii lll‘lili is: Ii, l'iui.i int n, i
iiiii, i’.iiiii.ilia.i;. llnlili’lil, loyti liliiiiinsvi.
iiii l P.l‘.l‘ In, l‘iii. Jr'nn'nd .iiii‘y \liw iii, ii“i ‘i.ilii.
«Miliiii‘d l I.“ ‘iiwui.

‘\.. \tiii‘lnirlll limp. 'rii'iirlil iii- lilli';’~"i i v rim .1 Jill unui ir’ ..,ml Zuni . v. .
in «Jamal ii. it l‘it“:l il.l‘ l‘\li t "l l llti .l A i.-...n.i . no It .;».i.».iioiiiy l»i ii In
t in. i1; it"i'.t'.l il- .ii. i ll ii ri‘. ml «mph. in; iii in, i. ..i ii :1, lL'ﬁui .iw. in not lll'i i '..ii.i,
ilit‘ ii lit. with)

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1962 1

 

Communications

 

 

 

To tho Editor:

Although i want to make it plain
that I am not speaking officially
for my class, I believe that I am
expressing the feelings ofthe Soph—
omores.

The majority of the class, I
believe, takes violent exception to
the Common-Stater’s remarks in
last week's paper. It is true that
we have shown an amazing amount
of apathy in Rivalry this year;
about a seventh of the class has
also been wondering where the
other 600 are. But this is no
reason for a supposedly impartial
person to rail at our "titular"
President because he can’t be in
two places at once. To put the
matter into plain Engiish,“(lolden
Boy” plays soccer.

Did you know that there is a
college soccer team, Fred and
Libby? Have you been too busy
with class Rivalry to realize that
the Sophomores are trying to be a
part of S.U.C.A. as well as oftheir
own class? Or don’t you care?

If Fred could have split himself
in two he probably would have, but
that’s a most unlikely feat. Moral
of the tale: if the Common Slater
is going to jab, let it at least get
its facts straight first.

Linda Dolls '65

To tho Editor:

If the writers of the Common—
Stator were a little more informed
about what was going on around
the College, they wouldn’t have
had to throw mud at “(lolden Boy”
and his “tool.” It seems they
were really digging for their mud.

Yes, “Golden Boy” and his
“tool” were in demandclsewhere,

‘as they were representing not one

class but the College in a varsity
soccer game at Adelphi. In fact,
the “tool” scored one goal. Is it
mo re important to be atone Rivalry
event or to represent the College?

It was our impression that one
of the purposes of Rivalry was to
foster school spirit. It looks like
a fight between two classes com-
peting against college sports. isn’t
it possible to combine sports,
varsity and freshman, with Rival—
ry',‘ Points for cheering could be
awarded to class at soccer games
or Cross country meets.

We also noticed that no intcr—
collegiate sports were listcdon the
College Calendar even though the
varsity and fresh man soccer
teams, cross country team and
the golf team were actch.

Edward and Sharon Broomliold

 

| Notices

At next Week’sh'enatc meetingon
Thursday instead of Wednesday.
Ross Dunn ’63, this year’s Stati-
rcpi‘escntatiw to the t‘ollegi‘ .~\m~
bassador Program Will speak on
his summer in France.

All students are. urged to attend
this meeting. A question period
will follow.

Kappa Mu Eplilon

llii‘l‘t‘ Will be :i Kappa \lti l'psi—
loii \leeiiiig on \teiini-siiuv. ‘00
pm. 111 lll"l[)i‘i‘ lounge.

Miss .'\iii‘:i llil‘Ilt‘l' ulll illl‘flh
Zliltilll her trip to [he lnii-l'initioiizil
t'iingri-w oi \l'illii-iiiiiiii'iuns :it
Sioi'kiioliii, mi'iieii iliiringtliispasi
sumiiai-r. All iiieiiiliers are urged
to lliii‘liti, .'\llt‘litl:iiit‘l'\‘t’lllilt‘ tutti-ii.

Attention Freshmen
ltiillly, iii [:00 p,m. iii l’iigellail
fili‘l't' Will be it compulsory (trien-
iiiiioii Meeting for lt'reshmen. 'l he
topic oi this met-ting Willbi-“I’ro—
iile oi the ('lass of lilt'iii." My—
skania Will take attendant-e.

Podagoguc
tiroup pictures will be taken ioi'
the Pedagoguo, l iiesiiay and
\tedni-siliiv, All group Ilii‘lliiit‘l'h
:ii‘i' lihkl'li lo ('iii-i‘k llil‘ Podogaguo
liiilleiin lloiirii near the t'o~-t)p,

 

/\ *oTx/xyxp  N1
i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Is that Fragile Sign in reference to the glass or
- I ’H
the buddings.

 

Common
Stater

By Stroud and Smith

 

 

 

“Few are wise enough to preferuseful reproofto treacherous praise,"
——I.a Rochefoucauld

GLAD TO SEE . . ..

Sure Loved Swingin’ to J. 'I‘.’s band last Sunday. There’s no douit
that the former have more than compensated for the open house we
missed last fall. We hope their enthusiasm will catch on.

LET'S SING ALONG?

Are the girls on the first floor of Pierce preparing for the lltlliii'i‘.'
Sing already’.’ Now girls, you know that those songs are no longer
Christmas favorites. Then again, with second semester rushing thin
might prove popular to a select few.

OVER THE RIVER AND THROUGH THE WOODS. . . .

Greek open-houses seem to be the, popular thing again. Some ’iI'
more popular than others. \l'cll, I guess some of our campus Ill'il'
feel its a long walk to 840 Washington.

TRY THESE:
Can You Imagine . . . . .
Nair salesmen in \k'aterbury on Ii‘rosh Men‘s Pants
Rolled-up Monday?
A Rivalry Chairman not causing controversy?
Playing “'I‘humper” in the cafeteria?
Trying to draw a map of our campus as it is now'.’
The Potter rail being moved to the Commons?

TOPS IN OUR BOOK!

Surprizm We’re stepping out of our usually "i-ritieal" i'tli"'
give credit where it is more than due. \\e tipourhiits to PM 11.:
Dave, who did a splendid job organizing the various groups- on t"lil.[i

lN FROM THE BOONDOCKS . . ..

\\c hear that the “\i'ood—ciirt'ers” from the “College on the I 'il‘.’ "
:ire arrivtng tomorrow, Let’s hope our l'niversity riii-n lime ‘l i '
of support in chopping the college boys down to sixe.

SMOKE MUCH ? ? ??

Many groups on campus :iri. exhaling signs of reliei non that W t
know their summer’s Work \tzis not in vain. Yes, it would ilt‘ iru '1 r
ting to see all those Marlboro pat-ks go up in smoke.

70F THE WEEK
\\III the illi‘zii‘hiir‘S l,,. 11””, [(JIII()I.I.()\\.U u .,

College Calendar

l‘ ltll) \Y, (it'llHll'li i!

 

 

 

7;“) [).il‘. All (‘ollegc Pep Rally. ......................... .. fillies.“ i‘ 1““
8:00 p.iii. 'l'hetu Xi (illng/i .................................. .. Little liziviiild
8‘00 - 12: it) (lamina Kappa Phi flute Party Knights oi (‘oluiiibu-‘w
we. iltiliAliien Mm. ....................................... .. Alum Hill
8150 - 11:50 "PL-ii Hop” . . . . . . . . . . _ .. i. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. liiii gam- rtiiit'
le'l'lillllﬁY, tN'TOlHtlt 13
10:30 a.m. Rivalry l‘ootball .................................... .. VHS 1'1"“
()swcgo Soi cer (innit:
7:00 &.8:45 p.iii. ll'(i (Roinanoli (".2 lulleti . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. i)- it”
All (‘ollcgc l\‘i:t'cpilon
Debaters , , , , , , , , . . , . . . _ , . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .- “5 [J' H”

SUNDAY, UPI-UHI'.” H

Psi (lamina Open House

Alden Open House

Sr. (fluss l’icnu' ....................... .. Vanni! WWW“
MONDAY, ()("l‘tililxlf H

Alden Open House
1‘ l'.hl).v\\, (it"l (“Halt l5

fiiegg Sinitii Sliigus Concert. .............. .. Page lid“

 

{*1
K1

 

 

 

 

. .i.>v4r.n'.mn1:<1;vf yﬁwaw‘m .’

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12. 1962

Reviewer Poses Cinema Question;
What Should a Motion Picture
Do To Be Classified As Artistic?

by Paul Jensen

What is “Cinema Art?" What
should a motion picture do, or be,
in order to be classified as artis-
tic? What kinds of films could be
put in this category? Although
these questions are seldom con-
sidered by the average viewer, any
person'seriously interested in the
movies should ask them ofhimself.

Answers. of course, would nec—
essarily be highly personalized and
varied; much depends on an indi-
vidual’s attitudes and attributes.
Most people will probably agree,
though. that certain types of films
can be eliminated from considera-
tion.

Art ll Not

The term “artistic” could notbe
applied to entertainment pictures.
Most comedies, fantasies, specta-
cles. tear-jerkers and quickie-
gangster films may therefore be
excluded. As random examples of
such far—from-arty pictures, That
Touch of Mink, El Cid, Mystorioiu island,
Susan Slodo and Logs Diamond might
be mentioned, while some of Rene
Clair’s early comedies can be

noted as among the inevitable ex-
ceptions.

Usually only films of a more
serious intent deserve to be la-
belled “artistic,” and even this
category of “serious films can be
further sub-divided. Take, for
example, the film Judgmont at
Nuremberg. Thisexcellentproduc-
tion boasts great acting by, many
of its principals, excellent direc-
tion by Stanley Kramer, and an
award-winning (and deservedly so)
script by Abby Mann.

Tochnlcclly Abovo Avorogo

This picture, technically far
above average, would be consid-
by many to be eXactly what a
motion picutre should be. Hardly
a piece of pure entertainment, the
film comes to grip with the im-
portant and controversial question
of Nazi war guilt. It is exception—
ally well done within its own
limits, but as a “motion picture”
it still leaves quite a bit to be
desired. What this film says, and
the manner in which it is said.
could just as easily and effectively
be presented as a Broadway play

or novel. In fact, it is atelevision
play which has been adapted for
the movies.

Hiroshima, Mon, Amour

A film that seems to me to make
greater use of the possibilities of
the motion picture medium is Alain
Resnais’ H iro l h Im c, Mon Amour.
This picture also deals, in a way,
with World War II, but it makes its
anti-war point in a purely cinema-
tic manner. The camera easily
does things that would be next to
impossible to duplicate on the stage
or the printed page, as witness the
swift cutting from short scenes of
the past to the present and back
again.

Many Interpretations

Because its technique is es-
sentially cinematic, and its plot
lends itself to a variety of many-
leveled interpretations, I would say
that Hiroshima is the type of film
to deserve the adjective “artis-
tic.” Despite the excellence of the
Judgmonr type of picture, it fails
to deserve the laurel wreath of
Cinema Art.

Current Comment

 

PAGE 3

First Article in Series of 3
Discusses Rocky’s Term

by Joseph Galu

On Tuesday. November 6, the
voters of New York State will de-
cide who will be our governor for
the next four years.

The choice is among Nelson A.
Rockefeller. a Republican who all
but promises to spend the next two
years running for President ifhe is
re—elected; Robert M. Morgenthau,
a Democrat with a record of quiet
accomplishment; and David Ja-
quith, a Conservative who is run-
ning on the courage of his convic-
tions.

Rocord

Governor Rockefeller has stated
that the only issue is his record.
This record includes successes, as
well as many failures.

The last four years has seen no
improvement in New York’s ex-
tremely lax food laws. (Food dyes
that cannot be used in interstate
commerce can be used in foods
made and sold in New York State.)

“Muddy Hudson"

Under the Harriman administra-
tion there was an exhaustive study
completed dealing with the pollu-
tion of the Hudson and other rivers.

 

 

the Julius in Home. Because 'l‘areyton brings you do gusti—  3
bus you iierer thong/ii you’d get from any ﬁlter cigarette." ) " "

Dual Filter makes the diﬂerence

1...... Hag; Tareyton

f‘ .5 q ..
l'unluir u_/ .M. Jun-am- .Atfxlicn» ("puny — t/V‘w ii our m..n1h hum ; .

   

w.» c.

    
     

 

“Tareyton’s Dual Filter in duos partes divisa est!”

says Romulus (Alley-()op) Antonius, agile acrobatic ace of the amphitheater, while enjoying a Tareyton.
“Tempiis sure does fly when you smoke aneyton,” says Aliey~()op. “Marcus my words, one Tareyton’s worth all

i

 

There has been no effective imple-
mentation of the recommendations
of the report. The Hudson con-
tinues to be known as the “Muddy
Hudson.”

Mr. Rockefeller’s record in-
cludes allowing the state debt to
climb to a record high. The budget
is out of balance this year by 87
million dollars, despite three
bookkeeping manuevers.

Primary Election

Despite a pledge he made in the
1958 campaign, Mr. Rockefeller
has not worked for getting a per-
manent June primary. Although the
State’s constitution plainly infers
that legislative re-appointment is
to be accomplished in the first
regular session of the legi‘dlature
after a federalcensus, Rockefeller
gave in to Joe Carlino and post—
poned it.

The State’s narcotics laws con-
tinue to be hopelessly out of date.
As the law stands now, it is a
crime for a doctor to treat an
addict in the procedures known to
be effective.

Wait 'tll Noxt Your

Rockefeller has refused to take
a stand on raisingthe drinkingage.
He states that he will send his
recommendations to the legisla~
ture next year. He presumes his
re—election.

In addition to failing to promote
useful legislation, he has approved
harmful legislation and vetoed use-
ful bills.

Gorry Mundorlnq

The congressional reapportion-
ment law is already considered a
classic example of what-no—to-do.
This law was designed to give the
Republicans 61% of the congress-
ional seats when they have only
46% of the enrollment.

Another law, signed by Rocky,
that has caused some annoyance
around the state is one allowing
double tractor trailers on the
state’s roads. These are not con-
sidered to be the safest method of
transporting goods.

State Control

A useful bill, which was vetoed,
was an attempt to control the
amount of X~ray exposure a per-
son may receive from shoe fitting
machines. (NewYorkCitylegisla—
tors had pressed for the bill be-
cause state law prevents city con—
trol in this field).

Grout Expoctationr

These are but a few examples
of what has gone on and “hit has
been swept under the rug .i.. ing
the Itist four years. Roekuieiler
wants a record plurality so he can
run for President for the next two
years.

Sarcasm For Governor

Rocky would like the people of
New York State to accept Malcolm
Wilson as governor after he is
elected President, if ever. \l‘ilson
was selected as a candidate for
Lieutenant (it')\'t.‘l‘llt)i‘ largely in re»
ward for his reputation as :i tut-
tingly sarcastic dehator.

Despite the efforts i ltrt-kv’s
Madison Air niie men to _.r,.'..- a
different impression, till‘f'i‘ are
people running against him, they
will be discussed in the next two
weeks.

F—_'.——'—--—-————-* -'~ -—-——1

Friday oculbui l:

1.1“.G. Presents
Peter listinov's
HRomunofl and JulietH
Sandra Dee ~- John Gavin

Technicolor

PAGE HALL 8:45 P.M.

 

 

 

 

 

