 

 

  

PAGE 2

Union of University Greeks

Ever since its establishment in 1948, the State Univer—
sity has been trying to attain closer cooperation among its
units. One of the most effective ways of increasing com-
munication and cementing relations among the colleges
could be the formation of a statewide union of fraternities
and sororities. This organization could effect a unity of the
four year colleges that is not possible simply through a
“News Letter“ and conferences. Athletics help somewhat,
but thy tend to accentuate differences rather than empha-
size cooperation.

The advantages of such a system could be of great
value not only to the University but also to our own State
College at Albany and to its Greek organizations. The Col-
lege should benefit by the elevation of standards that
would come about through the competition engendered
among the various chapters. Anyone familiar with a na-
tional fraternity set-up realizes that criteria are established
that must be maintained by local chapters; constructive
criteria could be established by the University unions.

For the Greeks, there are several advantages. Stu-
dents would have a “home away from home" when they
visited another campus; this welcome would probably tend
to stimulate travel from one college to another. The Unions
would provide ideal opportunities for the deveIOpment of
the social personalities of sorority and fraternity members.

Many State College students are already aware that a
new perspective could suggest valuable improvements; con-
tact with other State colleges could enable a Greek mem-
ber to look at his organization and his campus with this
necessary new perspective.

The establishment of new fraternities and sororities
would also be facilitated if these new groups had someone
on another campus to lend a helping hand.

Another advantage would be that graduates would
have a circle of friends and acquaintances far larger than
the circle he forms, within the narrow sphere of his
own campus.

It is to our advantage as members of Greek organiza—
tions, as students at the College at Albany, and as an integ-
ral part of the State University to take the initiative in an
effort that has many positive aspects and few if any nega-

tive ones.
(‘. N. B.

Dorm Field Dangers

With the advent of spring and summer and the accom—
panying baseball season, dorm field will probably again be
the scene of baseball games, which prov1de. a hazard to
others using the field and which wear base paths into the
soft carpet of grass.

We have no objection to the use of the field for all—
college activities or for non»hazardous informal games.
However. these baseball games do not fit in either category.
There is a constant danger that a baseball or softball could
hit. an innocent bystander who is attempting to sunbathe
or study. In fact: baseball players might find it more con-
venient“ to play in an area where they wouldn't have to
lump over so many people to retrieve .i ball.

We wonder if it is possible to prevent students from
playing baseball on this field. Tllt'l't' arc nioi'c appropriate
places on the two lt-rgcr fields on either side of Partridge
St. Athletic-mii'idcd students should find it less of an cl-
lort to cross the street than the hiss vigorous sun lintliei's
would This small inconvi iiiciicc to a few liallplavci s Would
remove a large lilt'till‘.’t'lllt‘llt't' to many ,liidciit.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

   

ifnlﬂliil‘wHElf) MAY lQlG
[a ( ll-iE CLASS (If iota
\ol \l.\ ll llltliH, \piil it I’ll}! \o. it
i ilSIil |
‘.l I
-i
ii i :'
I it"t I \
~.'.t: l. -.
'Hill. '.l lll.'ii ‘. ili
’Yli‘il".lli li'ul‘ili‘ l i i lilwl n!
l l'i’lI'I. Hill)": is At..- "l ,‘
.Lfil'l'-'.l-.'. ‘ i. l'.-. .ii,/i
'V' " lvpiiil
‘ .ll.' hpui'
l j'in'ii Iﬁli‘.lli [‘"i I
l,i Ell  ‘l la i | l".i h.‘ J l l'l
i'.,i ‘
i'rl'tllt'l luff w l'. l  l . . l: .1. Hi . . i 'i iA . l ‘.
mi. :4  l‘.‘ .i.i’ to lira.
A‘ i )l. . , .i‘ 'Il, i i I;  ,cll In v >l.’oi to; l . in i iil Nana
Al. bc 7.; .r.1', ,i. 1",il ll‘ ﬁll/ill" ('lrl l H-l‘. Hi0)“; i ii.- ...i li‘lili: .ill
"ii 41,111.101 tam! i i t'uiH' or 1",! i .i 4 i‘l4i.‘ i ,.vl i-;ii i - I]: ya
lli‘ ..iI..,

iil.ui. i .11.:

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1962

Communications

 

To the Editor:

Regarding your article about
“Joe Mertik and the Rhythm
Kings“ and several other "bands,"
1 would like to clarify some of the.
information which you transmitted
to your readers. Why don‘t you just
print the truth instead of permit-
ting certain “bandieaders” to print
what they want? Your article of
last week on the “Rhythm Kings"
was very misleading. First, it was
said that “Joe Mertik and the
Rhythm Kings" “played” at the
Alden Date Party. the Kappa Beta
and Alphi I’i Alpha weekends. The
Alden Date Party at which Mr.
.\Icrtik played was last semester.
it was a miserable dance. 1 know
because I played drums with the
“Rhythm Kings.” The S p r i n g
D a n c e last Saturday evening
matched the Alden Date Party.
Second, the particular weekends
which Mr. Mertik named were held
last year in the Spring semester
(1961). They also matched the
dance at Alden liall.

As long as l'm on the subject of
“bands.” I might as well com-
ment upon several others. Why do
they hire a hand that plays “music
of the forties" for a modern jazz
concert? Why do they hire bands
that use outright obscenities at
dances. The band which needs
least improvement is the “Manhaf
tens."

Now i would like to comment up-
on my own hand. “The Campus
t‘ounts." Since I am presently a
member of this "hand" my state»
ments might not have too much ef-
fect upon you. We really should be
called the “twisters.” Two out of
three songs we. “play” are twists.

1 Would like to thank this paper
for letting this letter appear. Per-
haps next time everything about
the particular band will be printed.

Thank you.

Ronald Wayne Bustin ’64.
lix-drtiiiimcr of the “Rhythm
Kings". I’i'cseiit drummer of
the “Campus Counts."

To the Editor:

.\’o doiiht many
ast wcck's Slate ('ollcgc News xi
lcltcr .‘lfllifillll(‘lilL’, a colloquium on
the "('hzillcngc of the ('risis State"
to he licld at Yale t‘nivcrsity on
April lit. H. and 1:3, and inviting
State t‘ollcgc students to take part.

readers saw in

The thcsis of the colloquium is
that today’s world is one of never-
ending crises. that this situation
:(l\t'~ risc to the "('I'lsls state." and
that this “r'rms state" prcsonts lls
cili/i-ns' with soiiit' peculiar chal
lan'cs The program includes a dc
hale lit'th't‘il \ormaii 'l'liomas and
l"iilton Lewis ill, and addresses by
coliiiiinisl .\las Lerner. Senator ii).
i. Barth-ll, and Ken
iicth touldiiizx and llliiit
iiit'loii

’l'lii‘i'i- \‘l‘lll l)“ .\llilili) .\ltilc :-lll
Ilic colloipiiuin l‘ci‘lizip--
\. Ill would lll\l' lo lu' one of llll'lll
\ii aHi-mpi is licmc to ar
lt'tl 'i':iii~poi't.ilioii lo and
ll.i.:-n, t'oimi'clicut

llllit‘l‘

professors

fs'iimiicl

ili iil~ at

iiiziilc
l.‘il‘.‘i-
tr o iii \4 w.
'i .l.

‘llllilll.

it! is i"-.
'll.‘ll;li’ it
will .ll‘ til‘ .it
llll' ill \‘lalcl'lililu lliill loi‘ ilclail~

Thomas L. llai'tlovy 't‘iil.

iaiiipu»
llll als .iii in

thin-['4 liil (’iilil.iil

 

I'Iilitor's Note:

'lhc Stati- lollcgc News
illllllillllt'l"i that due to pasl ahiiscs
access to the art liiics of the Ncws,
the hound lnslll'n. will hc i‘l;'ltll\
i'oiilt‘olll'tl Anyonc \tlwlllllif to no
{rust lssllcs of lllt' News \lllilllll oh
tam wriltcii pcriiii-isioii from thc
lidilormt'hicl or thc puhlic rcla
lions editor and present it at the
Sludcnt l'iiion til'fii c for admission

Any member of any organirii
tion who abuses the Archives of
thc News shall cause his organiia
tion to lose its priv1lcgc of access
for a semester

iiiiii’tl

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L

 

 

 

 
   

Common Stator 

(ti/i 

  

’V By PLATT and .Vic('ARTIIY

"Resolve. and thou art free." Longfellow

KATE

We didn't need a cup of coffee at 7:150 chncsd'iy morning to wake
us up after seeing those professional posters. photos of a hard working
cast. and ticket lincs from the ('omnioiis to thc (.‘o-op All the clam
oring was about a smash Broadway show which will hit State's scant)
stage next weekend. Hope that you had the stamina and patience
to obtain tickets hecausc State's professional production coincs oiin
once a year and that llif‘f'f‘ day run got-s last.
[NTI'IRROGA’I‘IUN

.\‘ow listen don't sign i.p pist lo hawk tlic l“rosli L‘Jl’lh. (‘llt‘t'k out
the fellas and rush. in order to he a i'iosli (‘aiim (‘oimsclor oni- ha~
to he experienced. interested and willing to spend many hours (il‘lt'flliil
mg Albany's verdant freshmen to our ideals and traditions. Approx-
imately Hill) interviews will be given and only a fraction of this mini
hcr can he accepted as counselors. it you feel Qualified, we urge you
to apply
.\‘Tl-ILLAR ATTRACTIONS

Have you noticed the work ol our two most famous architect“
llrapcr .\rt (iallcry has lll‘t'llllit' one of the most popular and cduca
tional areas in the school 'l‘hosc tcn mmutcs between classes go fast
while observing the sublime bungalows. it Would be a miracle
if all the hullctin boards in the hills were as interesting as those iicai'
l) 3-19.
81' R B l'I’l‘S

Last Sunday night as we were motoring along Static .‘s‘trcct, lllt'
\‘olkswagon in front of us disappeared. .\‘o, the \'('llll'lt' didn't drop
in a manhole off l’cai‘l hut into a mudholi- ncar one of State's dorms
'lllls w is quite hillarious hccausc this person lookcil so comfortable on
the soft. new lounging furniture at 10:155. but at it 0.3 he was vcry per
|ilt'\('ll as he ~unl«; dm 'H r and deeper As the trio would '—lll" "Wlicrc
lia\c all the ncu sirccts cone. long lllllf‘ arriiini'w‘”
“II.” .\I \NNICRI'II)

\ll who attended llll' planned activities ol last \icckcnd hail a
li‘cniivndoiis time it has lici-ii iii'oycii :i.'iiii that firm-ks .‘irc ‘tit'llill)
[liftllll‘t' .‘iiiil can iiniiila.” lllt' ("filll'i l'llllllililllll \iil iitil' "zi‘it’l'lll'
llllll'.’ happened \\c an- l'HIIJlllll lhal no lilll ‘.\lll l.c sllliiil'i's.ai‘ll
ti-rrorI/cd on \tcslcrii .'\\|'ltll(‘, caiiipusiil at the dorm ii twp iiioi'.
than four hours a llll’lll tl' lllt‘ lllllll‘i'

l' “i lliil you t'tlihllltll‘ i .‘i [ll iili~ :il llliflil ‘
l'l\l"‘\'|'l‘\l.l.\’ ltli'll lll\'l'. ’Iti .\I.|-.

l lailli' lliil lil‘ll.‘ il.i_'. lot ,‘i' ',‘. '.t‘ 'iiiltili'l lli.itlli“ l'iil'l
on the din o.‘ l"

" ‘lhoni- iiiia.iit .ii'i= llill llll"lllit llit‘liliillil 'l‘l  : pi lw'
lilll‘l .‘il l" oiloi l. or ll’t "..i llili ‘loii \'.|‘ll‘il l‘lui'i

.l \ »liiir ll‘l‘il to llillllll the liaillii iioli'coi ll  llo
.Iilllllitl iiooi,

| l'l -‘.Il .i!’;ii l.‘ l'll lmli‘li' .‘.lIIi li.i‘.i platiilil .iiii ’r l. l i‘
lllll'lliiillit'lli liit'll'l ilio 'lIIl ' “Iiil lilll c ‘lltll'ii'll it I'm
‘ii‘iriai"

. '\ .i‘ 'l‘ltl‘ ‘rlllt 4‘ i 'iii' 'il ‘ ‘il’l. i
pl ll| to lt'.i' it in ' iai

Coil ge Ca/ena’or
Iridziy, \piil Ii

l ii iii l'aiul lti l-illll .tl \iilon. liillt' l’.ii

.‘ and ‘i p llI "xi: lil ol thi llIiii'ii ii Ll‘i

‘4 p iii l'. li.lllill|ii lliliiiiial l'.iily \li‘.i»iii.iii» lllillllitll

a in p .i. ‘si; ||l.t I'lii lntoiiiial l‘:iili. llll’ll‘ liii.
\Alilltltn, \pril 'i

i' and ‘i to p in ll‘ti l'lllll '\\lll'it- lhi- llo‘. J\ll' it til!

‘i p in l‘~i tiaiiiiiia‘n liiloriiial l'ai'ly tllai, Lake lllllt'l

.\itiinti l'his l‘oi‘inlil l‘ai'l‘, ll'lllll‘.tll l.ill‘.t' llotll
Sunday, April it

1' l“ p lIl Slutty Louii;‘c lliu l'ii\.iic liming Room

l pm l"~l (iamma's, Sigma l’lii‘s l’iciiiis 'l'hachcr l‘zirlx

ll p lll informal Waterbury llcsidcnl l‘iii'l\ liimiii' ltooiii
\louday, \pril ii '

ltih p in Faculty llohhy Show it ill!

’lliursihiy. April l2

'/ :50 p to Kiss Mc Kalc

 

 

I

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. APRIL 6, 1962

PAGE 3

 

Tri Beta Tells
New Officers

Officers of the newly formed
Theta Gamma Chapter of Beta
Beta Beta are: President, Joanna
Burger; Vivc President, Glenn
Champagne ‘03; Secretary-Treas-
ures, Augusta Spelhnan ’63; and
(.‘hapter ilistorian. Karen Rothaupt
‘63.

Albany State is the first unit of
the State University to establish
a 'I‘ri Beta Chapter. it now joins
nine other colleges in the state
having chapters.

Twenty-two superior biology ina-
jors, elcvcn faculty members. and

one emeritus professor became
charter members ’l‘heta Gamma
Chapter.

April 7. ten of the recent initatcs
will convene with the Northeastern
Region delegates at ilartwick Col-
lege for a one-day regional con-
fcrencc.

Dr. Robert (iuthi'ic. Research
Associate Professor of Pediatrics
and Bacteriology at the University
of Buffalo addressed the student
body at the installation banquet ad-
dress. ilis topic was, “The Biolo-
gical Basis of Human Behavior."

Senate

Juniors E/ecf Co/way; Senate Reviews Two
Constitutions, Considers MUD Revisions

By CHARLIE BAKER

The Senate meeting opened as
Carol] Colway was announced and
inducted as the new senator from
the Class of 1963. The oath of
office was administered and Miss
Colway assumed her seat on the
Senate floor.

Constitutions

’l‘wo constitutions were i'c‘.ic\vcd
by Senate. First was the constitu~
tion of “The Confederation of Stu
dcnt Government of SL’NY." which
provides a very broad basis for
cooperation among the student gov
crnnicnts of the \arious units 0'
the university.

The second constitution was that
of the student publication. suppres-
sion. The constitution was sent
to committee. Some of thc Sena-
tors expressed disatisfziction with
the fact that suppression has been
represented as a student publica~
tion in the Albany press when the
student government has not actu-
ally rccognizcd it as such.

Moving l'p Day
.\loiing Up Day has undergone

a revision. Because of certain
technical difficulties. there will
be no skit this year. Due to pre-
vious knowledge of the new offic-
crs of the various student organi-
zations, there will be no announce-
iiicnt made on Moving Up Day.
it is felt that the time consumed
is unwarranted. The time of the
ceremony was also moved to early
afternoon; the fact was not pro-
scntcd that this afternoon time will
conflict with four sorority alumni
banquets. For anyone interested,
there will be a meeting of the Mov-
ing Up Day Committee on Tuesday
at 7:30 pm. in Brubacher.

Senate \otcd against member-
ship in the National Student As-
sociation on the grounds that it
does not fulfill its aims and that
the CSGSUNY can answer our
more specific needs.

Senator Don Allen '63. rcprc.
scniing Station WSCA. announced
that ()pt‘l'illlOiiS could C(ilillnchL‘
by lhc end of April if studio space
could be obtamcd.

Tax Increase?

A proposal was made suggesting
that student tax should be in-
creased about a dollar in order to
obtain a larger monetary surplus
for use on the new campus. As
an argument in favor of this idea,
it was pointed out that it is im-
possible to judge by our present
needs, the needs that will become
apparent when we move. For ex-
ample: the maintenance of the
new Student L'nion's bowling alleys
will become a necessity. This item
demands professional attention and
not just student help.

Another suggestion was offered
regarding the possibilities for ob-
tainng State Aid to defray the
cost of the State Armory. ’I‘he ar-
gument for the aid lies in the fact
that many of State's opponents
have refused to play us if Page
tiym were used.

it was also felt that the placing
of 1:0 or 40 percent of the govern-
ment surplus fund (about $5,000)
in an interest-drawing savings ac-
count would prove to be financially
beneficial.

 

- r r . i
A/(ﬂ'r’ r'/ "t/f .’(/i i S// (or.

t‘\l‘i'_V Illlli‘ you siiiokc a Salem i'igiii'clli-...lor Salem rclrcslii-s your lilnlt‘ lust as

1’

{i'It/)/.

  
 
  

refreshes your taste 
_3‘air-softens”every puff

.\ i'i'li'cshing tic-won

Springtime rcli'cshcs you. Most rch‘csliing. most flavorful, too...tlizit's Halcml

- menthol fresh - rich tobacco taste - modern filter, too

Created by K J Reynold: loliuuo Company

‘t'\ is you r»;

 
 

    
   
 
    
 

 

State Faculty
To Present

Hobby Show

State College faculty will present
a Hobby Show on Monday, April
9, from 10:00 to 5:00, in D 149.
This event, the first of its kind in
several years. will put on display
the handcrafts, collections, and
skills of more than twenty faculty
families. From 3:30 to 4:30 a re-
ccption will feature refreshments
contributed by various faculty
members and faculty wives who
make a hobby of cooking.

Dr. Margaret Hayes and Dr.
Frances Colby, covchairmen of
the event. stress the faculty’s ap-
preciation of the privilege of hul-
ding the show in Draper Lounge
and emphasize that students are
cordially invited to attend. Menr
bch of the college staff and facul-
ty cincriti are likewise invited;
several of the latter will also be
exhibitors.

Plans for the show reveal a wealth
of talents and interests among fac~
ulty families. Among the collec-
lions displayed will be stamps,
Iiiciius. caiidlcsticks, music manu-
scripts. and various types of mod-
els. 'l‘he photographers Will be well
represented by both prints and
slidcs. l'aintcrs and workers in
metal. ceramics. woodcarving. and
icwclry mikmg will exhibit along

with cooks. scaiiistrcsscs. a pup-
pctccr. and a genealogist.
A feature attraction will be a

handloom of Dr. ltayes's. demon-
strated throughout the day by var-
ious wcavcrs. Another hobby-in-
;iction will be Dr. li‘lierl's produc-
tion of hastilavlilkuct'llli ( a tra-
ditional (icrman Strove 'l‘ucsday
ll‘i’tll) at tile refreshment table. The
committee in charge liopcs also to
present an informal program of a
number of faculty members with
it!‘l‘lUi‘llliflL; arts hobbies.

l’or the faculty. the hobby show
iiill he followed at (3:00 by a po:
luck supper m the faculty dining
1min unilcr llli‘ chairmanship of
lil' ltosiii-ll l-‘au‘bank. Both of
llii'sc cit-ms arc spoilsoi't‘tl by the
faculty itit'lill committee. whose
gcncral chairman is Dr t‘athrvnc
Siici'~ .

U. S. M. C.

Plans Evening

It'npt ll '1'. “mm of the local Mu~
rmc Recruiting office and Capt. J.
t'. Herald of the Will Rifle t'o
titcscrici unite the State College
sitidcnls to attend a seminar April
10 at the Marine ltcscrvc 'l‘rniniiig
('cnlcr ,

Beginning at 7 :50 pm . the pro
gram will include a brief introduc-
tion and an outline of military
obligation presented by t‘aptain
Dunn. chcral short military films
Will he slloltii followed by 11 group
discussion period when both of thc
officcrs will tillsui‘l‘ questions

lnlcmlcd lo be both l'llll‘l'lilllllllt',
and intorinatnc. the program \\lll
l“|ilfllil military oliliz'ation as “U”
.‘is iii H i‘llii' llll‘ \lti‘iolls .\lul‘lilt' Ul-
lli'ci‘ lll'iiLfi'illHV il\illl.llll(‘ lii i'iillcy'c
llil'll and women

\Hn llicr you come tllHlll'. bring a
ilatc oi" \\i|ll .t ‘i'oup Ihi
.illilltl lllt
‘t'lli‘lliil on \pi'il Jo at lhc \l.ii‘iiii-
lit-«1H it'd'llillL' t'i llll‘i' .il Wish
ll"lilli .iml .\l I!“ \iciiucs

llii l‘ \tl'li'll) an informal c\c
Hill" to cils ai‘c \H‘lt‘tilllt‘. you are
lllltltl no ohliralion it you allciid

('lllltl‘

t'll‘ll’ 'Il I‘ you ll:

 

m

Mobs Under Draper

 

 

 

 

