   

t

i

 

EAﬁEZ

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 30,1962

 

Undefined Terms Disiori

We regret the recent harsh criticism of our campus
periodicals, which has been most probably levelled at
suppression and Primer, and we feel that the people of
Albany have been given a distorted picture of our pub-
lioations.

Father Starks was speaking as a spiritual advisor
for the Roman Catholic students in the university when
he wrote his editorial. Acting within this capacity he
felt obligated to accuse unnamed students of “porno-
graphy” and “blasphemy.” But you must realize, and
we fervently hope the people of Albany realize, that
Father Starks was expressing the opinion of a Roman
Catholic clergyman affiliated with the university and
that he can in no way be considered as speaking for the
university as a whole. Because the city newspapers and
the television broadcast expressed only Father Starks’
judgment, their coverage should not be regarded as
accurate and objective.

Father Starks made serious accusations without de—
fining his terms in his editorial. He did not refer to
specific publications or to specific articles which he
found objectionable, and he did not state his reasons for
thinking them objectionable. We would agree that
students expressing immoral beliefs and those who use
pornographic methods of gaining readers would be far
from desirable teachers. But without a frame of
reference these criticisms are meaningless.

According to the decision of the United States Dis-
trict Court, rendered by Hon. John M. Woolsey, which
allowed the distribution of James Joyce’s Ulysses in the
United States, obscenity (or pornography as Judge Wool-
sey uses the term) is defined as that which tends to
stir sexual impulses or leads to sexually impure and
lustful thoughts. We feel that contributors to Primer
and suppression have been guilty of indiscretion and bad
taste at times, but that they have not been guilty of
pornography in their intent and/or effect on the reader.
Sophomorically risque? Yes. Obscene? No. We echo
President Collins’ comment. Father Starks certainly
should say what he pleases. To win agreement, how-
ever, he should support his criticisms.

T X 0 Holds Formal Rush

This evening Theta Xi Omega Order.
opens the 1962—63 season of IFC
formal rushes by presenting its
Silver Wheel from 9 p.m. to1a.m.
in the Cotillion Room of the Petite
Paris Restaurant. Music will be
provided by the l\'emtones and wo—
men attending are reminded tliat

Committees

(‘ommitteemen for the Silver
Wheel are Jim llattois and Bob
Sargcant. eo-ehairmen; Dave Si—
mons, location; Don Diltz,decora~
lions; Jim .\lorell. ehaperones and
2 a.m. hours are availabli‘. hospitality; Paul .\laurer, Hand:

'l‘llf‘ Sf’llln‘d‘ [01' 1h" SIIW‘I‘ “lit‘t‘l and Lee l’aekman. arrangements.
iS “10 l‘d‘f‘IlL‘h Qum‘lt‘l‘ Of New 01" All rushees who received invi-
leans. l'intertainment will feature tatioiis and tiieir dates are speeial
a minstrcl showunderthe direction “Hi-sly. of (hp i‘mim‘nny
of llob iiibsoii and the tapping of l
the Order of the .\lace. Faculty Guests

The llrothers have also invited
Dr. Despas of the l"re,neh depart—
ment. .\lr. Ilopfe. di reelo r of
\\aterbiiry liall. .\liss .-\nna May
Lilly of the library staff, Dr. liaum
of the seienee department. and .\II‘.
(‘reegan of the philosophy depart—
ment as faculty guests,

(‘haperones for the Sil\‘ei‘\\'heel
are Mr. Lopez of the library staff.
.\l r. \\ :igner of the business depart—
nieiit and Dr. I-‘rost of the seleniu-
department.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6

The Order of the Mace

The Order of the Marie is a new
traditions and planning group set up
for brothers who have given miieh
of their time and effort to the
building of Theta Xi iiinega iiilo a
permanent group on this eampus.

l‘he fraternin has i li-i-teilseyen
junior and senior brothers on the
basis of seryiee. eharaeter. lead~
ership, dependability. responsibil—
ity and pe ree pt I y e ni- s s to the

BY THE CLASS OF IBIB

 

 
  
 
    
  
 
  
  
 
 
 

NEWS BOARD
LINDA P. WHITE . . . v . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
LINDA LASSELLEH. ....Executivo Editor
JOSEPH GAL ........ ..  ....Monoging Editor
MARY LOU EISENMAN .. ru nt Managing Editor
DAVE JENKS ..................... .. Feature Editor

DORIS MUHLICH...
LINDA MCCLOUD....
WILLIAM COLGAN...
CHARLES BAKER ..... ..
SYLVIA PENNACCHIA..
KAREN SCHEINMAN...

Consultant Associate Editor
 .. .. .. Auociote Editor
.................. ..5ports Editor
.. .Public Relations Editor
. ......................... “Business Editor
. . Circulation-Exchange Editor

CLIFF RUGG ................. ..  .  .. Advertising Manager
OLIVER BEAUCHEMIN ................ .. Assistant Public Relations Editor
STAFF
Editorial Assistant ................................................................. .. Gone Tobey
Photograph lei” RC”, Paul Bachorx, John Meyer

y . . . . . y . . . i . . . r . ..
DESK EDITORS: Joan Asloury, Sandro Donaldson, Paulo Dulok,
Sally Heaiy, Patricio Jewell

REPORTERS: Jackie Adams, Lewis Bowman, Edith Hard , Karon
Keefer, Mike Kolbo, Dick Paviis, Pat Libu xiewski,
Patricio Howard

COLUMNISTS: Paul Jonson, Libby Stroud, Fred Smith

CARTOONIST: Tim Atwell

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be
If nod. Names will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE
NEWS assumes no responsibility for opinions expressed in its coi-
umns or communications, as such expressions do not necessarily
reflect its viowl.

Viewer Contrasts
Film Techniques

by Paul Jensen

Yollmbo, written and directed by
Akira Kyrosawa, combines an in—
herently fascinating plot, derived
from the American Western, with
the deadly satire of Kurosawa’s
hatred of the human race.

The result is a film quite un—
like anything i have ever seen
before. it is a wild and woolly
adventure picture, in which a sa-
mauri—for-hire cleans upacorrupt
town singlehancledly. There is also
an abundance of humor and irony
that cannot be overlooked.

Connected with this is the satire
which, although hardly subtle. is
often witheringly effective.

The presentation is strictly Jap—
anese, with the oriental technique
of exaggerated acting In evidence.
but that only contributes to the
effect of the entire work. All
roles are perfectly filled with the
most motly and fascinating assort—
mcng of human faces and forms I
have ever seen.

Mitune Flawless

The main role of the Yojimbo.
or bodyguard. is filled to capacity
by Toshiro Mifune. a fascinatingly
facile actor. If only to see this
performance. the film is recom—
mended. In addition, there is a
musical score by .\lasaru Satoihat
is superbly evocative of the pic—
ture’s moods.

The direction is, to say the least.
impeccable. Kurosawa's state—
ment is summed up at the end
when all but the two non—feuding
inhabitants of the village havebeen
killed, The samauri says. “Now.
maybe this town will be quiet.”

The the director it seems that
the only way for the world to be
free from conflict. hatred. evil and
hombast would be for everyone.
saye one or two neutrals. to be
exterminated.

'l‘hanks lo the artistry of all
concerned. this point has been
placed in a package that is iiol
only wild and strange, but (llSi)
tremendously e n t e rt :1 i n i n g and
imposing.

Awkward Mixture

Gigot, although filmed in Paris.
is an Amerii in film — and typical—
ly so, Not a poor film, it is never—
theless overdone in nearly all de—
parlmeiits.

'l'he dii'i-i-tion (by tieni' Kelly)
and John Patriek‘s si' i'eenplav
eonibine eoinedy :uid sentiment in
a heavyshanded manner. 'I‘oo fare—
ieal for one mood, and too teary
for die other. it loses mueh of its
possible i'ffei'l. Illilt‘i'll, fili‘ fillil
ends in a .\lai-k Sentielt~lype i'llllSt‘
that is completely out of keeping
with the tone of the rest of the
[)Ii‘llll'i'.

Katherine lx'ath. as the prosti—
IIIIi' whoni iiig‘ot takes i-are of,
woefully overaets: in me (izirdner
is still and uneonyineing as her
youngdaugliler.

In the role of the mute janitor.
(iigot. «illi'ltll‘ iileason displays his
talents to little avail.

Com u 'c ti
m m a OTIS
To the Editor:

It is UIIi'I' 'igiiiii that IIIlii‘ oi IIlt'
Vl'lli‘ when our
reading to l‘lll‘ll oi Illi'll' classes
the interminable list ol i-oui'ses
whieh this university olIei's in a
usually sueeesslul attempt lo make
sure that the Registrar’s III'Iiee
makes out 'lll iiliiiosl pei'leel exam
sehi-diile with eonllii-ls for no one.

file undersigned hopes at this
time Iliat whoever is responsible
ioi' making out the exam si-hedule
will be i‘oiiseioiisly iiwiii'e lliiil lhe
‘ialiluilh holy day of Ihe Jewish
religion is S.-\I'l'ltli.\\' and that
they will be i'espeettul of Ibis din
in seheduling the days for exams,

'l‘lli‘t‘i‘ Sliotilil lliIW liii ltllIL'l‘l' be
any exeuse for Saturday exams if
they are aware oi the pi‘eeeding
fuels, Perhaps those persons will
also be aware ol sueh legal lioli
diiys as Mi-iiioi'ial llay III tlii-mak
ing out of l‘\ftl!l IIIIIi's

Herbert Hot 109 '65

professors are

 

It’s all so exciting and mystifying and even amusing.

 

Common
Stator

By Stroud and Smith

   

 

“No man is free who is not master of himself.” —I?pietetus
FIRST OF ALL:

Let’s face it. there would be no point in belaboring the debate 
Buffalo’s right to invite a (‘ommunist to speak: minds that are elm-w
refuse to be opened. .-\t the risk of being tagged immoral we inaur-i '.
that, as college students. we haye the intelligence to disi'ei‘n i‘oim; :
nism from Democracy.

RIGHT ON TIME . . ..

The timing on this year’s Student Directory was ideal...iust iii-‘w
'l'hanksgiving vaeation. for you who didn’t happen to noliee. ’I‘he I‘ll u i
has been changed for the better (bigger pages. clearer printing) lII“‘1v
heavens! All in all. it was a bang-up iobl

ENJOYABLE EVENING

\\'e tip our hats to a loeal group that recently i-ommitied 'I per» ‘
crime off campus. it’s hard to imagine the hours of work III‘tI I'
have been spent in the eareful exeeution of the Murder. \\e ti"i~-' 'I: '
personal satisl'aetion and publie enioyment provided a sufficient I" ‘ ‘ ‘

ENOUGH SAID. . . .

I’uu'k on campus another small group ofindiyiduals {Illi‘llillli’d 'o
mil :1 pei'feet i-rime: .-\ Poor Appi'oaeh on the part of the i'I'III »'
ruined their efforts. At sueh a crucial time (present and 'III'II"‘l "
seems to refleet very poorly on this “present” group. it not or
similar “future” groups.

DARE WE ASK???

\\ell! Did all you questors after knowledge get your homewoi I: I“
over vaeaiiou" |l—m«ni""" ill'eourseyouind! I’very olli' ot Iliow 
pound books you lugged home was \\'iiI'll IIIIIl with use (from I"‘ill.{ b 
out of, and put lilli'k into a suili'ase. that is.) (lb xvi-ll. there“ 'd
\‘liristinas.. isn‘t there! Ponder it in your heart. and II'I‘I‘ ’t H or

OH-SOY-OH-BOY-OH-BOY i I !

\\ ho i’\I'I' dreamed that \\'lllll‘ we sat stuffing oursebes on ‘ i.‘ I.’ n ‘
pooi'. eyei‘ toiling laborers here at Stale \yi-i'e ivyway'iling iild 'i'i
of cement .‘lllll replawing them Will) silky :isphziil i‘ould II ‘w it
insuranee e uupiiny finally put its fool down...:iiid found itself 'I'i'
baek in iey agony"

MIGHT WE ADD. . . .

\\e hope all eoneei'ned are i'Is'lli'i'ItIllV ‘III‘I‘IIII III the 'iilliii
magenta in prose or photo Ifi'lliI‘IIIIII‘I', [we'll i"! 
\\atehing You!

shades of

7 OF THE WEEK
“I’oi' how i':in ‘I tyrant I'IIli' thi- li'ee ..Iuil Ioi' :i I\‘I'll|il\ iii 
li'eedoiii“H Aliliil‘flll

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30

Izltll p.m. »— \liisii' ffoiini‘il l’iiiiiisl . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . t t -~

 

ilzllil p.m. -‘— Alden Inforinnl I'iirly . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Knight» of (Willi ilitt‘
8:15 p.m. ~— Tauhouso of the August Moon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . I‘i
ilzilll p.m. ~ llriiliuelier informal I’uny . . , , _ , , . . ,, I’olish ('oiiiuuuiii. l «in
9:00 p.m. e 'l'\(() l“t)TIIIiIl Ilusli l’iirty . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,.i tilibiu- If

SATURDAY, DECEMBER l
71lltiiiiiil‘):lilp.in.—- La 

‘):()(i p.m. »— Alden It'oriiiul l’urty . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. “I‘VII‘I'WH
9:00 p.m. ~s Ilrliliiielier Ii'orniiil l’urly . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..l.ower I Milli“
91ml polll- — I’itbri'u l"oriiiul l’iiriy , , . . . . . . . . . . . , . , , , , , , , , , , ,. lii’irle lbw
92f)“ I).III. — Snyles Ii'urmul l’urly t ' . _ _ . _ I 4 . _ ' I ' I _ ‘ ' . ‘ I I . I. l \yl‘.l‘l ‘\ i. It

 

lliiipei il’

by J. A

Jorge Luis Borges: Modern
Prophet of the imagination

Labyrinrhs (248 pp.) by Jorge
Luis Borges — publishedby
New Directions. 1962.

Flcclones (174 pp.)l)yJ01‘g‘
Luis Borges — published by
Grove Press. 1962.

Many writers today are deeply
concerned with the vexing prob-
lems of twentieth century life.
Often in the longoverdrawnnovels.
they ponder over the effects ofnu—
clear wa r fa r e. degeneration of
morals. and the effects ofautoma-
tion. An Argentine writer. Jorge
Luis Borges. breaks away almost
completely from this tradition.
First of all. he has written only
short essays and shortnai‘ratlves.
Seeondly, his world is not limited
to twentieth century life. but in—
stead spans the infinite eons of
the imagination.

Prophet of the Astonishing

Like (‘oleridge and Poe, Iiorges
is a prophet of the astonishing. a
priest of the, imagination. \\'henone
seriously reads a llorg'es short
story, one may find the eonerete
first level of reality fading into a
mist haZe. (the is transferred
into a world where the dreamer is
aetually the dreaniedone dreaming
within a dream, where Judas be—
i:omes thi- ini‘ai'liafion oftlie Logos
and Redeemer of mankind and
where an author. l’ierre \lenai'd.
rewrites Don Quixote, word for word.
without referring to the original.
\\ inding through the “indefinite and
perhaps infinite number of heyar
gonal ;.i,‘alleriesH of the Library of
Babel. a man hopelessly searches
for the eyi-lie'il book. (iod, l"\'en
though the si-ai‘eh is futile. he must
eontinue. “The library is
sphere whose i-vawt i'l'llll'l' Is' any
one of its hexagous and \\'IIi)Si-
eireumferi-nee is

liorg‘es‘ ti'eiiii'ndous knowledge
of philosophy. history, and IIII‘I‘fI'
ture plays a large role in i'III'II oi
his works. lie is well read Iii
the (‘abalisl tradition. the .\le\;-
:indrine fil‘i'eks. I'hini-se philoso»
pliers. \Vestern idealist philoso—
pliers, .\ledimal thinkers. Anci-
i'oes, lii'uno.('oli-i'iilge, Leon liloy.
and James .loyi-e, Ile isalsoipiii-l‘.
to acknowledge those to whom he
is especially indebted. ll.(i, \\'-Il~.

Committees Need
More Workers
For Big Projects

by Ila i'bii i':i lownsend

iiiar-eessible.”

.v\ll frustrated offii-e Seeker; and
potential goxe i'nuient
leaders should take spi-eiul llIl"I'~
well iii the ‘N'Iiiiii‘ .\‘lzillillllg (Willi
iiiiltees, 'I'hi-si- i-oiniiiitlei-s i'fII'I‘\‘

student

out the main IIiiii-tioiis ol wen-iii»
and are involved III 'I yiii'iety ol

:ll‘Il\’iIIi'S. III win-rib ihi-y ueedhelp

l"oi' i-yiiliiple, liiiitioiii‘oiiiiiiitlee
is i‘llI'I'l'lIIl\' planning to send out
li-lti-i's i'iilli'i‘I'lIIllL', IlliIIiilI to sift
denls' piii'eiils Illl \ i'iilIIIIIIIIl‘l‘

needs help III :iddi'esr-ziiigeini-lopi-s
:ind lll'ltIlI‘; stamps

Anyone who is really llIIl‘I'i“~Ii‘il
in working with ‘I ‘i'illtli‘i‘iiIEIIli‘III‘I'
should l‘lilllill'l oiii- ol lhi'i'haii‘iiii-ii
of the t-oiiiiiiiiIi-es through "Illill‘III
\liiil.

'l'hese I‘IlIIII'lIIi‘Il .‘III'C
l'omniillee, lion \lli-n: l'oiiwiiiu
lion i‘oiniuitii-e, Iloiiiue Itilli'lllill'l
l"iiiiinee i‘ommiliee, Sui- '\Iui'ph\:
:\II\'III:II‘V (‘oiiiiiiilIi-e, \l'll'\’ \lli'l'
Lyiiaugh; (ioyi-rnnient Iteoi'gauixa
lion I'oiiiiiiitlee, l’att'i-i'i'ii; 'l'uition
l‘oliiiiiitli-e, l.i|u Sti'oud; iiiiili‘oiii-
niuniciilioii i‘o III III i t tee.
Smith.

The potential non Senate iiieiii
Iii-rs of the i'oiiiiiiillei-s \inI be no»
lified through Student \liiil.

\“|'l'\ Ii'I‘

l“l't‘ll

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30,1962

Borges Spans Imagination;
Writes on Several Levels

. Gomez

G. K. Chesterton, Poe, Franz
Kafka, Valéry, and DeQuincey rank
high on the Iistofdirect influences.
Complex Style

His style is complex. and often
his short stories read like doctoral
theses. There are also frequent
references and parallels to the
writings of thinkers centuries old.
At other times, the author uses
footnotes to explain a pointer draw
an analogy. Yet, this style is in
harmony with the type of workthat
Borges writes. .\Ianyofhis stories
begin as intellectual games played
with the reader, but oftenthey rise
to a higher level. “Death and the
Compass," a Poe-like ratioeinate
tale, involved the intellectual
struggle of two “great minds"
pitted against eaeh other. At first,
the reader may feel that this is
only a detective story. l.ater he
realiZes that these two “great
minds” are in a life—death strug—
gle. Finally the story is lifted
from eoncrete reality intoahighei‘
realm. 'l‘heSe men have struggled
against eaeh otherin Ihe“infiniteH
labyrinths of the past and will
eoiitinue to do so in the “infinite
future,"

Elements of Time Dissolved

'l‘hi'oughout many of his stories
liorges explores the idea of a
simultaneous past, present. and
future. in “’I'he iiarden of l’ol'k—
ing Paths." he relates the narra-
tive of Dr. Yu ’l'sun. former pro~
lessor of I‘Ing'lish and spy for the
(termans diii‘iug‘.\'orld\\'arl. Here
again the basis of the ratioeinative
tale is present: “great minds”

brittle to outwit each other. The
liorg'es lillli‘ll. however. makes this
tale i'ise above the mere spvr

iii-tei'tive story. Levels of reality
are merged together. 'l‘hei'i- :ii'e
wanderings through physieal rind
:ibsii'aet labyrinths, I-‘li-iueiitsof
linii- ‘Il'l' (liss‘iilyi'il. “III t‘llllll'llHI
to .\‘i-wton and Sebopenhaur. your
ancestor didnot believe in umloi'in.
:ibsoli'le time. He belii-ii-d in an
infinite series of times. in a grow—
mg. dizzying lli‘I oi di\'erg'eiii.eoii
vei'g'i-nt and parallel times
The heights of lioi'ges‘ si'liol:ii'~
ship .‘ll'i‘ shown in the essay H‘l'hi-
l"e.'ii'ful Sphere of l’asr'iil.“ lloi‘ges
believes that one i'iIll ti'ai-e human
history through “different uitona--

I t

v r

tioiis....ol :ilianiiiuiol iiieliiphors.
Ill this essay. he I-Iioiisi-s file all
iiiipoi'lant iiii-Iiiphoi' of the "Il'i'li'
:ind Ira-'es |I\ usage in' man's
thought ti'oin \i-nophanes to l’as
".‘Il.

Considered for Nobel Prize

III lfiiil. lloi'ges shared the l-'oi'~
lIiI'llllII' l’i'irw with thi- l‘liiywi'iglii
‘~‘iIIi|Ii'l lil‘l'lﬂi'll. ili‘ Ilfls' ‘llSii ill‘t‘ll
i'iiIISIili'l‘i‘d liil' Illi' \itlll‘l I’l'l/i' III
\\idel\ ri-siiliii |-'ui'ope.
IIoi‘ges has been highly ltl'lll‘sI'II by
the |"i'eneh. iiin-Iudiiig \iidi'ii \l:iu~
i'ois, who \\i'ote the “l’i'elm'e” to
the l-diglish I‘lllIIiiIl ol Labyrinths.
Ficciones :inil Labyrintlis represent
IIII‘ III‘NI i'lilIl”'IIlll|“ III liltl'll‘i's"

Illi'l'flllll'i'

work Il'fIIIHl‘IIi‘iI into I iiglish. (I’lii-
i‘olli'ge l IIII'III'\' II'I‘ 'l i-opyoli-rieh
iiI Ilti'si- '.\‘Iil‘l(‘- )

.\o'i. IIII'III\' blind :iI Illi' 'igi- oi
(3'3, ho a-- ~I|ll «‘illIIlllllI'Slit\‘\|'|Ii'
In I‘II'I, lu- lei-Is that his blindness
liris II'i‘i'II lllIIl Ii'oiii lllllllY hiiidi-i'
'iiiei-s “ll li-aies the mind Ii‘i-i-
IIIII |IlIII.|IlI]II‘l'I‘iI to explori- the
depths 'mzl heights of lllllli'iil imiig

t i

llleIiiilI

CHAPEL SERVICE for
Students and Faculty

at lino

Unitarian Church

l i illiiliiii
ivuiy Wediieiduy WUHHIQM u

I'iNuou spunwwd by

Rev. Frank Snow

(unipUi Miiiisici

 

Campus Chest

 

 

 

(Cont'd from page T)

John “Liverlip” Lilga has been
put on a week’s parole from the
Potter Penitentiary so that he
may enter. And the last, but not
least beast will be Al “The Demon”
Drake of TXO.

Dance at Bru

Capping the week’s festivitieson
Saturday, December 8 will be the
annual Campus Chest dance in the
B rubacher dining room from 9 p.m.
to 1 a.m. The many attending will
be rocking and boppingto the music
of John Tyo and his Campus Counts.
Late permission for the dance may
be purchased at the dorms.

All in all. it should prove to be
a week of fun—filled giving. Be—
hind the mask of fun, however. we
must realize that this giving is
important to the severalchairities
that it supports.

it seems only right that we should
all wholeheartedly chip in to help
full up. and even better, overflow.
this year’s (‘ampusChesL “Lucky
31300” is the. goal — let’shit it! ll

Wall

Sigma Alpha
Judy Strong '63. president, an—
nounces that a coffee hour will be
held Dee. 3 with 'I‘Xfl.

 

 

 

Chi Sigma Theta
President Jean Davis announces
that Potter is giving (‘hi Sig an
informal party this Saturday after—

'APA

Open House

Sunday
Dec.2
3-7p.m.
All are Welcome
135 S. Lake Ave.

PAGE 3

They’re Not Green!

lav Norton Talbot

Our atmosphere has been visited
by people and crafts from other
parts of our solar systemfor many
centuries. This is the contention
of George Adamski, who writes in
a series of three books. (Flying
Saucers Have Landed, Inside the Space
Ships, and Flying Saucers: Farewell),
describing his personal encounters
with the space visitors.

Delusions?

To the person who is indoctri-
nated in the theories of modern
science, which states that life
exists only on the earth, Adamski’s
description of the physicalaspects
of the space travelers and their
scientific achievements may seem
the more invention of a self—de—
luded man.

The true value of Adamski’s
books to the non—scientist lies not
in the physical manifestations of
the visitors’ advancements, but
rather in the moral and philos—
ophical ideals of a civilization far
more advanced than our own.

Adamski relates that our earth
was originally a haven for those
people who could not adjust to
peaceful living, and even now is
but a primitive example of society
in comparison with the high level
of others in our solar system.

This is a view which should be
given serious consideration in the
light of world history and current
events.

These people have attained a
society in which the desire for
peace is so strong that they would
suffer their own destruction rather
than knowingly harm or kill another
being.

Space Parents

Realizing that we are not sophis—
ticated or mature enough to under—
stand the implications of the en—
orgies we have discovered, the
space visitors hope that we will
become aware of and receptive to
their presence, so they can guide
us and teach us what they have
learned in the manner of con—
cerned parents.

Synge’s “Playboy” Shows
Irish Spirit During Struggle

by Mr. Edward J. Mendus

State ['niversity Theatre will
present The Playboy of the Western
World by John Millington Synge.
December 7—8, l0—15 at 8:30 p.m.
in the University’s Studio Theatre
(Richardson 290) under the di ree—
tion of lidward J. Mendus.

The Playboy of the Western World
is one of the finest examples of
the folk impulsri in Irish drama. It
captures the surfaee appearanee
and manner of peasant life in Ire-
land, and. through beauty of lan—
guage and ehai‘aelerization, re-
Vezils the essi-ni_-eoft|ie lrish spirit
and temperament. The play also
i'efleets a deliberate effort torre-
:ite a representative nationalism
theatre during a wave of resurgent
lrish nationalism. The play and
the playwring are inseparany
linked with the famous Abby'l'hea—
ire whieh wasestablishi-d inl)ublin
in 1904.

Approach to the Play
J. .\l. Synge exploits siieh popular
impressions as poverty, ehildish

personality. and love for appear—
ances during lreland’s struggle for
political freedom from Britain.
This love for appearances in a
childish search for a hero. and the
inability to distinguish between a
hero and a fool is the central
comedy situation in this play.

The play points up a serious
critical andsatirical purpose with—
in a broad and expansive comedy
which caused riots in Dublin and
elsewhere when first produced in
1907.

Cost

The cast includes Ian Leet ’65
as t‘hristy .\iahon, Judy Stone '64
as l’egeen .\like, Amelia \l'eiss’65
as \\'idow Quin, Sam Singer ’63 as
illd .\iahon. James iiaenlin ’63 as
Michael James. ’l‘om .\‘ornioyle '66
as Shawn Keogh, Jon Harden ’65
as Philly (‘ullen, Jack 'l‘hateh ’64
as Jimmy Farrell, Roberta lienk—
her ’65 as Sara. \'.'ilerie(}olom ’63
as Susan. Joyee Davis as Honor.
and Linda Dell's ‘65 as Nelly.

 

0

 

 

AN
\G 7/

it Record
a Print
an CII
*Book
SALE
in
Commons

From Nov. 30 to Dec. 6

 

O

 

 

