 

 

You Are
There

STUDENT TAX T0 SOAR T0 813!
An exclamation of the Mad Hat-
ter is one of his less lucid moments,
you say? Not really. It’s just a
News headline dating back to Oct.
5, 1928, when the athletic depart-
ment was alloted all of $3200 per
year. Read it (if your eyes aren’t
already blinded with tears) and
weep . . . 1938 Rivalry included
Frosh-Soph basketball game, with
the Sophs winning in overtime 13-
12 in a tight “defensive” battle. . .
Ethel Grundhofer, ’30, elected proxy
of the Girls’ Athletic association
for 1929-30 (the year it rained des-
pondent Wall Street investors),
following a close race . . . Ped
baseball team had its fielding prob
lems in 1938. dropping two straight
games 23-9 and 141-0. 26 of these
37 runs were unearned . . . Efforts
to form mens’ swimming team
date back to spring of '29 . . . 1937
A. M. I. A. sports schedule inclu—
ded cross‘country, and horse-shoes
. . Frosh blasted Soplis 26-0 in
1950 Rivalry football . . . In 1934
sports coverage averaged four
inches an issue. Appreciate us now‘.’
(In case you thing we‘re bragging.
we sure are) Power of the press
. . . World War It took its toll of
the always low State manpower.
I’cds were unable to even field a
varsity basketball team in 1944—45
. Nearly 50 men entered 1937

pingspong tournament. . An uri-
obtrusive paragraph in the Sept.
22, 1950 News reads, "Following

an overall program of expansion
and improvement State has added
an assistant coach to its Athlit
ic dcportment. llis name is Joe
Garcia . . . 'l‘he I929 baseball sche—
dule consisted of five games. In
1954 the Feds were slated to play
six. Ilow’s that for progress? . . .
Chess team was in a bit of a dilein
ma back in October 1944. It seems
the boys got together one night,
and after more or less of a social
evening, they decided to top off
the night with a bit of bowling.
When the final tallies were adddc,
scores in the low 200's were record-
ed. Since they had already dropped
their first match of the year, the
boys didn't no whether to cori-
tinuc  a chess outfit or go into
professional bowling. llistory does
not record their decision . . . In-
teresting to look at the names given
News. Among them: Sprays from
the Sports Shower, "l’lie l’ilchci's
Box, No One Asked Me. But . .
Maloney's Baloney, 'l'he Ginn Mill,
Behind the Eight Ball, ByoBy
Lines, Swim. Says, From the Side-
lines, and Sport Shots.

WAA to Form

Bowling League
By NANCY S(‘ll()(il'l.l'2l"l"

Dear Sports Minded:

Bowling: 'l'liis sport is just or
mind the corner. The captains are
reqqiiested to ltll'll in their roster
sheets to Jan Arnold anytime after
Nov ll Please state your prefer
ciiee of 'l'iiesday, Wednesday or
'l'hui‘sday Schedules are made on
a first come, first serve basis
There is a iiiax'iriiiiiii of eight iiicrn
licrs to a team

Volleyball: Last Week's results
are as follows, it) lti'iiliaclier over
Alden, 12; Sayli-s oti-T l‘iei'ce, ariil
rill Kl) forfeited to Sigma Alpha
Schedules are posted on the W
.A A Bulletin board

W. .\. .\. Meeting: \‘i-sl Wed-
iii-silay is W A A iiiei-tiiig night
All l't‘ill't‘Sl'Illiill\t‘s he sure to at
it‘llfl 'l'licr'i- \‘llll llt‘ nominations for
tililt't'l'n

 

Gerald Drug Co.

'El7 Western Ave. Alb-l], N. 1.
Phone 6-3610

Gerstenberger Hits 15th
As State Tops Montclair

This year Karl Heinz Gerstenberger has proven to be

one of the most valuable players on the State College Var-
sity Soccer team. He is one of the team’s Tri-Captains this
year and has been a rallying point in the team’s booming
seven to two won-lost record drive this year.

Karl’s big coup this year came with his setting a new
scoring record for one player in one season. Karl was in
the background during the first part of the season, not

being given much of a chance to break Frank Fallace’s
scoring record of 14 goals in one season. But Gerstenberger

exploded during the Plattsburg and
the New Paltz games, scoring four
goals in the first and three in the
second. l‘le accomplished one-half
of a season record in only two
games.

Karl‘s big tally in the scoring
column is very spectacular be-
cause Karl Gerstenberger was
once a name used mostly when a
reference w a s q. {if '
made to the dc- . '
fensive unit of the f"
I’ed teams. Lashes}?
year, Karl was p.41.
seen in the half-  .
back slot rather '
frequentlyﬁ. 1;."
as Frank Fallace ( ‘ llbt‘rﬁer
dominated the offensive position,
Karl did exceptionally well where-
cver he played, and was awarded
the trophy for the Most linproved
Player on last year‘s soccer team

    
  
  
 
   
  
    

 

AMIA Notices

Officers and Commissioners

AMIA Vice-President Bill Buin
nett announces that there will be
a meeting for all AMIA officers
and league commissioners today.
at lp. m. in Page tlym.

Bowling
AMIA Second League

Bowling will be starting the first
Thursday after Thanksgiving. (Jap-
tains should sign up on the AMIA
Bulletin Board. Bowling will be at
Rice Alleys every Thursday at 9
p. m. For further information,
check the AMIA Bulletin Board,

_ ' ing in the Student Union
 Bar.

Powhia’a Wins lst
Weightlifting Match

One of State’s often un-sun-g
sports heroes is weightlifter, Joe
Powhida. Like most athletes at
State, Joe is anything but a red
sweater man. A business major
and history minor. .loe has a full
schedule of classes besides work-
Snack

In the winter of 1957 .Ioc won
his first competitive match when
he took the Alaskan Heavyweight
Title. The competition was held
at Fairbanks, Alaska. and was lim-
iteil to members of the Army and
Air Force.

(‘ontinuing in his winning
ways. .loe copped the District
llezivyweiglit ('haiiipioiisliip iii 19»
58, 19:39 and I960, According to
Joe his chances look pretty good
for another championship this
year.

In the last Eastern States‘ t'ham-
pionship, .loe finished third. This
is exceedingly good, since the first
and second place winners were
the two top ranked weightlifters
in the country. Joe has been the
Albany City (‘liampion for the past
two years. He also tied for the
State Y.\l(‘A (‘liaiiipionship, but
was placed. second because he

was one pound heavier than his

opponent.

Looking to the
planning to
States Intercollegiate

or with commissioner Bill Murrayship 'l‘ournament.

 

 

 

future, Joe is
enter the Eastern
Champion-

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1961

 

Touching All
Bases

By DAVE JNKS

This past week, while we were calmly putting away
what we thought was the last word from AMIA football
into the files, we were hit with the news that the men from
Potter were going to continue displaying their grid talents.
Sometime during the week a challenge had been heard
from Troy—the men of R.P.I. wished to take on our intra-
mural champs in a little football type tussle. Naturally
knowing that the Pottermen would never turn away a
chance to display their athletic prowess, we started to write
an article that would let our fans here at State know of
this great duel. Couldn’t you just picture it — “Potter
Short-circuits Computers.” Would this be a tremendous
ending for their thirtieth anniversary weekend, or would
this be a tremendous ending for their thirtieth anniversary
weekend?

But alas, things were not with us. Partridge Street
will not be packed with new Thunderbirds and Corvettes
this Sunday, there will be no cheers, shouts, oohs, or aahs
from Vet's field, and State‘s football fans will have to con-
fine themselves to their favorite armchair in front of the
television for the Sunday afternoon Pro-football game of
the week.

What happened? Who goofed? At first the game ap-
peared to be a natural, and all that had to be done was to
pick a time and a place. That is until some nut cleverly
pointed out that there were only about Limp—teen million
differences between the rules of our AMIA and the R.P.I.’s
intramural league.

First of all, where was the game to be played? R.P.I.
agreed to play here and thus use our 90 yard field instead
of their 80 yarder. They also agreed to having to make 15
yards in 3 plays for a first down instead of employing their
rule of 20 yards in 4 plays for a first down. Another prob-
lem, they play 7 man football, and we play 9 man—~the
answer—the game would be played with 8 men. Then
came the big problem. In AMIA football only the ends and
backs are eligible to receive passes while in the R.P.I. lea-
gue all the linemen are allowed to be pass receivers. Which-
ever of the teams conceded this

 

 

point would have to revamp all of
their plays. This seemed to be too
much to ask of either team at this
late date, so plans for this great
event were forgotten. With more
and earlier planning, next year,
We believe that such a game could
become a reality.

 

iviiifiiiiiiiii Ni

'«l’:
MAN RELAXED .,.the friendly comfort

 

 

51 F 0

“Thanks, Mr. Frobish—but I still thinkl ‘*
I’d rather have CHESTERFIELDS!” 

21 GREAT ’l‘OBACCOS MAKE 20 WONDERFUL SMOKES!
hum/loco MILO. BLENDLD MILD uor Fitrci‘icoMiLo fTHEY SATISfY‘

of a sweater is great companionship for
your favorite pastime or any time
Created by our celebrated desrgner, John

Norman, who lllfllSL‘li makes a study of

the art in ‘inomerits of relaxation'

 

ELAX in "HOLIDAY V" bright and hold
with contrast trim. in a blend of Sliet
land Wool, Mohair and Nylon terrific
colors. $12 95

  

 

(i.\l‘\| .‘l Huh

     
  

' n‘  GWKML

los Aiigeles. California

illdllfla Campus Headquarters

 

 

 

 

 

4

In. «5.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1961

 

PAGE 7

 

Varsity Booters End Season
Wed. Night at Bleecker

This coming Tuesday, November 8th, our varsity soccer
team plays its last game of the season against Adelphi Col-
lege. This game will be our second game under the lights
at Bleecker Stadium and will be at 7:45 instead of 8:00 as
was scheduled. The first game was successful in two re-
spects: (1) it was a 3-0 win and (2) a great number of State
rooters cheered our team on to this victory.

Adelphi has had a mediocre season so far. They have
a young squad with very few seniors. Their coach, Hal

Schaeffcr, is also new to the college.

league which includes teams like
t'ity (‘ollege in New York. 'l'hey
have had 9 men score at least once
during the season. 'l'licir goalie
also has a specialty and that is his
ability to punch the ball as far as
many other goalies kick it. This is
their last game of the season also.

State will be going into this
game without the services of Franz
Zwicklliaiier who was injured in
the last game. State has compiled
a 7-2 record up to this game and
has had only tit goals scored
against it. We have scored 1H goals
it] comparison to this. This game
will be the last game that the 1901
soccer team will play. To show
our appreciation of the job they
have done; let’s get out and cheer

They play in a rough

Notice

The call has gone out concerning
anyone interested in competing on
freshman

 

this year’s varsity or
wrestling teams. All f'rosli interest»
ed are instructed to see (‘oach Bob
Burliiigamc in the gym office. All
transfer students or upperclassmcn
who are interested in varsity wrest-
ling should rcport to (‘oach .loc
(larcia. Both teams practice in the
.\lilrie (lym every afternoon at 4:00.
l’i'actices rim to 5:45. There are
many positions open on the varsity
squad and the freshman team is
just in the formation stages. The
first meet is with (‘ortlaiid on De-
cciiilict‘ lllh.

State Harriers Face
Hudson Valley for
2nd Meet of Year

The State cross-country team has
its second meet of the season
Thursday, November 9, against
Iludsori Valley. The three mile race
will take place at 4:00 on the Ilud-
son Valley course. The Peds will
be gunning for their second victory
in as many outings.

The team will be entering at
least seven men in this meet with
Paul Slusar and (‘huck llrmter run-
ning for the first time. Also carry-
ing the banner for the Purple and
(lold will be: Ken .lewctt, Art liar-
nclle. Steve Dolesky, Bill Bronson.
and possibly Tom Robinson

Stale appears to have an excel;
lciil chance fit this contest. for lliid-
son Valley was downed 27-28 by
Sieria who bowed to the Feds 25-30
in a practice mcct last week.

The State squad may be hinder-
ed by the possible absence of Tom
Robinson. Tom, who placed first
in the contest with Sicna, has been
ill with the virus this week and
may not be able to participate.

State's next meet will be held
November 14 between halves of the
Slate - Adelphi soccer game at
Bleecker Stadium.

Gerstenberger Wraps Up
Career As State Booter

The State Varsity Soccer team returned to its winning
ways after two straight defeats by beating a strong team
from Montclair, 2-1. This being Parent’s Day, many
staunch supporters of all ages turned out to cheer our
team on. Karl Heinz Gerstenberger broke the former State
record of 14 for the most goals in a season with a success-
ful penalty kick. Bob Seaman added another goal which
proved to be the game winner. Tony Fernicola scored the
only Montclair goal late in the game.

In the first quarter, both teams played hard, aggres-
sive ball. Excellent ball control and head play was illus-
trated by both teams. However, neither team, no matter
how excellent their play was, was able to penetrate the de-
fense of the respective goalies. Gary Pnfield, State, and
John Torchia, Montclair, made an equal number of saves
throughout the game.

The second quarter proved to be a repeat of the physics
problem where “the immovable object is met by the irresist-
ible force." Neither side bended to the power of the other.
Both teams' offense and defense was at their peak and
once again excellent play by the respective goalies pre-
vented any scoring.

The first break of the game fell in our favor early in
the third quarter with a penalty against the Montclair
team. Karl Heinz was given the opportunity to score the
tiebreaking goal as well as setting a new State record. He
came through and at the end of the quarter, we led, 1-0.
However, not all the breaks were in our favor. Franz
Zwicklbaucr sustained an injury that is definitely going
to keep him out of action for the remainder of the season.

The fourth quarter provided the

 

  

 

 

\

'lhreytoii deli

 

  
 
    
  

V OI'S

 

 FILTER
 DOES IT!

 

please-r.

ltoiiiaiia!”

 

 

“Tareyton’s Dual Filter in duas partes divisa est!”

says l’ulilius (Itoo/n—Itooriii Aurelius, (‘oliseiim crowd-

Says [too/ii-ltoo/ii, "'l‘ai'eytoii is one filter cigiii'ct le lltlll
reiilly delivers deguslilius, liegiiiiis of'siiiokei‘s are switching.
'l‘i'y a couple of packs of 'l‘ui'i,-.ytoiis. 'l'hey’re the packs

the flavor. . .

/
(\

PURE WHle
OUTER FILTER

DUAL Mix/7%

Tmeyton

6“ n u n
“'0de Q] J/gi/Vllmu'wm  Jury "  it Out mil/ill: norm 0 A Y 9'

 

ACTIVATED CHARCOAL
lNNER FILTER

greatest number of goals of any of
the quarters. .lust after the start,
Bob Seaman took a lead pass, slip-
ped past the defenders and poked
the luill past the alert Montclair
goalie. This goal put its in the lead
30 with more than fifteen minutes
left in the quarter. Montclair’s
lillt'ill-lllv-(tllztl'lt‘i‘ attempt to re-
verse the eventual outcome was
increasingly more and more diffi—
cult as the time was running out.
With just one minute left in the
game Fernicola scored for Mont-
clair. llowever, try as they may,
the team from Montclair could not
penetrate the solid defense of our
l’eds. The game ended with the
score, 2v], in our favor, and with
our color bearers in control of the
hall.

 

  
      
 

This game was a real team ef-
fort. llave Schryer, Borys Koziel-
ski and (fury l’enl'ield played out-
standing liall throughout the cori-

test.

 

L. J. BALFOUB

Fraternity Jewelry
Badges. Steins, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts. Favors
Stationery, Pi'ogi'aiiis

Club l’iiis, Keys

Medals, Trophies

.'\lr. (‘arl Sorcnsen, Mgr.

l.'lu Murray Avenue
\1‘.\'l‘l'lltl"()ltl), NEW YORK

 

 

 

SEE YOU AT THE

Snack Bar
After

Campus Night!

 

 

 

 

