. mummy-imam “mums”. he...“ 4.

 

 

7. PACE 2

School to Excell, We Hope!

The establishment of a graduate school contributes a
great deal to both the pride an academic community

; takes in itself and the prestige accorded to it by the
, public and other colleges and universities. Graduate
1 students on the master’s and doctoral level, because
I of their intensive training, reflect not only their own
, intellect and academic accomplishments, but also the
1 learning and wisdom of their mentors. We hope that

in future years the graduate school of our university
will contribute as much to the quality and reputation
of the university as our estimable undergraduate school.

As an infant university, we should value very highly
our expanding graduate school and promote it in every
way possible. Already the school is able to offer on
the master’s level trainingin such diversifiedprograms
as biology, English, history, and business as well as
new areas within the present education curriculum at
the doctoral level. A doctoral. program in English
was introduced this fall, and a program leading to a
Ph.D. in American history is being planned. At present
we can offer the opportunity of advancedstudy to many
students who might not otherwise be able to obtain such
training or who could obtain it only at the risk of in-
debtedness and serious financial sacrifice.

But well—planned programs and qualified students are
not the only measure of the success of a graduate
school. As our university and our enrollment expand,
we hope that there will be a parallel expansion in re—
search facilities, faculty, and financial aid.

A graduate student demands much attention from the
faculty and much expense. He must have an excellent
library which can provide him with the information,
often very difficult to find, which he needs in order to
carry on exhaustive research in one field.

The graduate student also demands the guidance and
assistance of professors. He enrolls in small seminar
groups. The professors who advise and teach the
graduate student thus have less time to spend assisting
the undergraduates. The undergraduates, however, need
as much, if not more, of the mature scholar’s guidance
and skill in teaching. Their methods of study and their
general knowledge of their fieldare beingmolded during
their undergraduate years. Whether they change their
field of study, or fail to graduate is dependent to a
great extent upon the influence and example of their
professors. With the inception of a graduate program,
it is necessary to increase the number of qualified
professors so that neither the graduates nor the under—
graduates will be deprived.

Just beginning their careers and no longer dependent
upon their parents, many graduate students are poor.
Already we have a program designed to aid such un—
fortunates. It consists of such helps as graduate
assistantships, residence staff positions, and positions
in student personnel services. There are also alumni
loans and grants available. As greater numbers of
graduate students are accepted into the University, we

hope that there will be additional appropriations for
financial aid; An enthusiastic, outstanding graduate
student functions as an “advertisement” for an insti—
tution as much as brochures, displays, and catalogs.

Within the academic community itself such a student
acts as an intellei,:tual catalyst. stimulating-both those

who learn and those who teach. We hope that funds
will be available to give our graduate students the

facilities and guidance they need.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l916

BY THE CLASS OF

NEWS BOARD
LINDA P. WHITE ....................................................... ..EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
LINDA LASSELLE...  . ..Executivo Editor
JOSEPH GALU . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Manoging Editor
MARY LOU EISENMAN.. Caiuultant Managing Editor
DAVE JENKS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Footum Editor
DORIS MUHLICH...... Consultant Auociate Editor
LINDA MCCLOUD.... .................. .. Associate Editor
WILLIAM COLGAN... port: Editor
CHARLES BAKER ........ .. ..Public Relation: Editor
SYLVIA PENNACCHIA... urine" Editor
KAREN SCHEINMAN..,.... Circulation-Exchange Editor
CLIFF  ....................... .. Advertising Manager
OLIVER BEAUCHEMIN .................. .. Auietant Public Relation: Editor
STAFF
Editorial Allistant ................................................................. .. Gene Tobey
Photography ............... ., Terry Reilly, Paul Bochorx, John Meyer
DESK EDITORS: Joan Aetoury, Sandro Donaldson, PouIa Duialt,
Sally Heoiy, Patricia Jewell
REPORTERS: Jackie Adams, Lewie Bowman, Edith Hard , Karen
Keefer, Mike Kolbe, Dick Povlie, Pat Libu xiewoki,
Patricia Howard
COLUMNISTS: Paul Jensen, Libby Stroud, Fred Smith
CARTOONIST: Tim AtweII

All communicationl should be addressed to the editor and must be
at ned. Name: will be withheld on quuOIt. The STATE COLLEGE
NEWS euumee no Itiponllblltty Ior opinion: expreued in its coi-
umm or communicationa, on such expressions do not neceuarily
reflect its Views.

l9l8

 

  
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
 

  

  

Films Suffer
Slack Week

by Paul Jensen

With seven theaters in the city
of Albany there is usually, each
week, at least one that plays a
major film (though notnecessariiy
a “gooc” one). But it happens
that upon occasion the only motion
picture fare available consists of
new, but definitely minor, films
and repeats of movies that have
been here before.

Cotty Cartoon Feature

One of the new films, Gay Puree,
is a full—length cartoon for adults,
supposedly. It is full of what
might be called “cartoon cliches”
— the kind of visual jokes that are
found all to often in any second—
rate cartoon.

Some occasional wit might have
been able to save this affair, but
lines like, “Champagne, that must
be what they call catnip in Paris”
can hardly be placed in that cate—
gory.

Using the techniques of several
famous French painters when
drawing the backgrounds was a
good idea, and there is occasional
enjoyment in trying to spot the
styles. However. the effect is
ruined by a five minute disserta-
tion on various “unknown” paint—
ers in Paris at the turn of the
century (including Picassol); the
idea loses its subtlety and bedomes
blatently didactic.

"Horror" Well Done

Horror Hotel is anotherofthc new
films. This British “horror”
film, which was ridiculously rc—
titled for Americandistribution, is
not without quality. The plot con-
cerns a young girl who is doing
first-hand research on witchcraft
in a small New England town. This
story of a modern day Black Mass
is tight and logical, with no loose
ends.

There is much potential absurd—
ity in this picture, as in most
films, but good technique manages
to bring it off successfully. The
acting is above average for this
sort of thing; indeed, Christopher
Lee, who plays the girl’s witch-
craft-practicing professor, is one
of the few actors who can make
such films credible.

The direction is also good, with
a few terribly offer-livi- cuts For
instance thcrc is onc sudden cut
from a knive about to be thrust
into ii girl’s heart, to a similar
bladc violi-ntlvplunged inlonbirth—
day crikc.

'l'hi s sounds humorous whcn ver-
balizcd, but II is visually quitc
potcni. \II in rill, lhc pii-iurc is
:i suspcnsi-ful, \\'I'li*Iltilli'I‘Illil‘:t\'f)l‘.

Inelfectual "Baby'l

It’s a pity the sonic cannot bi-
said of Whatever Happened to Baby
Jane? Ailvcrtisi-d :is :i Ihrillcr, thi-
film lacks suspcnsc, and while thi-
idcii of scrving “rat undi-r glass"
is grucsomc, it is only hall—hcurtcd
horror I‘:ikcn :is just a study of
its two llllllll r-liiii'zii-Ici's, lhc pic
turc is ovcrrlongiindbrisancxi-css
oi iiicloili'uiiiiitics.

II is, lII :iliy l'lIII‘,\\’1‘ii:II'It‘tIllV
I‘m-llc Davis and viiillll ('i'uwioi‘d.

rind ihi-ri- is It i'l‘l'Iltlll amount of
fascination lo ltl' found iii lin-
i-hiii'iicli-rs. liiit is is uiiiiiiiiginii
liw-lv illi't‘l'It‘Il by I(obci-t Aldrich,
and iiftcr two hours and [co llllll'
utcs onc l'lllilt-l' lost-s iiitcri-sl.

.’\lltl so thc situation rciiiiiiiis:
thc Iii-st iiliii in town is It Iiriiisli
liori'oi' iiliii, :inil tlic only major

production is ii l‘i‘ run oi now that
was just “all rightH thc IIl'HI Illlll‘
around. \i'cll, oiic I'llll
“The futuri- lies :ihi-iiil.”

Editors' Note:

The editors require all informa—
lioii for the News to bc handed in
by Sunday night “I 7:01) p.m. This
will facilitate layouts which must
now be done manually and insure
thi- inclusion of all important in—
formation.

liopcv

     
  
  
   

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

   
   

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 

:r.‘ .J‘

   
  

 

  
  
      
   

 

    
 
  
 
 
 
 

Common
Stator

By Stroud and Smith

 
 
  
     
  
    
  
 

 

 

“And in the sweetness offriendshiplettherebc laughic r .‘lllii “I:
of pleasures." —Gibran

    
     
 

HOLIDAY HARMONY . . .

For perhaps the first time all year the little annoyances, ii
and troubles, seem to fade: warmth and happiness dull (llllll‘i 
melt the differences ofseparate, unbendingunits, into a st l‘ftll'.’_"‘
being.

 
 

    
   
  

OUR WARMEST WISHES. . .

Many tingle with the anticipation of happiness to comic in Il“"
others cling to every bright moment gathering warmth Il'oli.
fill a vacancy which is otherwise painfully empty. So makc 'III' M
these special days of understanding; wring every bit of cloww
togetherness from the ephemeral holiday spirit now, win-ii
in its full tide.

PEACE AND HAPPINESS...

Those ancient carols...“l7eace on earth, goodwill ioxv
belonged to a world which could find a silcnt, holy night.
which clear, dark skies provided a quiet, back din vi
templating a single star.

Sl‘l'i‘lli‘

ESPECIALLY FOR THE HOLIDAYS...

Today these scenes are reduced to l'igurcs of thc Illi‘l."’ v'
stillness of Bethlehem has been supcrccdcd by thc s‘i‘l'i'ul'
over the Pacific. The star We sci: might wcll illl‘l] out to l-«
And yct the basic valucs remain. 'I‘hc lirippiucss :iniix'sc' ‘
holidays, if only for a moment, managc to ihcmscIvi-s «Hi
products of our Iimc; llicsc :irc triumphant, :inil lbi-w 'i'
worthwhile things.

SOMEONE SPECIAL . . .

So sci :isiilc onc day, or i-vi-n ruic part of ii diiv. and iv
warmth of friendship kindlr to :i fliimc; lct your fucl In. _.;,,,,.
rest assured that thc glow of thc coals will cndurc in 'l li'l ~-
remcmln-rcd glow.

?OF THE WEEK
\\'ill ihc warmth of

your holiday spirit carry 'o’,

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, DECEMBER I4
IzUil p.m. — Christmas l’rogriini . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4- --v I"
\‘il‘illill i

 

li:|*"i p.m. « Iliiskeiiniil . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . ..
811'": p.m. —— “(lid on u Iloi 'l'iii llool" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . u
-— i"uruliy I’uriy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
SATURDAY, DECEMBER l5

leilil p.m. —- Wrcstiing (Fairleigh llickinsolil . . . . . . . . .. .
2:()II"—':Im I‘~'“- —- hi‘t) (Iiiilrlrcii's (Ilirisiiiius l’iirti . . . . . ..

i’il‘il 4', H"
Iliflil — Iliisktttiiuii (Ilortiundl . . . . . , , . . . . . , . . . . .. “dolllllﬂl
‘):il(l p.m. -— hill Iloziriiip 'i'wciiiics Ililltt'l'.. . . . . . . .. \I'I' -' l'

95”“ p.m. «— Wiuii-riudc . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. \Iilllill’f “Ml”

SUNDAY, DECEMBER l6
3:30 p.m. - Iloiiduy Corridors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - - - » - - i - -' ML" '
Waterbury 'i'rcc-lriiinning l’urty
lzllll p.m. ~ Alden Open House. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - » - i - -'
6:30 p.m. - Christmas Sing . . . . . . . . . . . . - . » - i - v - A ~ r i ' ' ' " I, "

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17

11:00 p.m. — Alden Christmas Party . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

TUESDAY, DECEMBER l8

7:00 p.m. - “Hells are lliiiging” . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .1 I“ '

WEDNESDAY, DECEMB ER 19

li:5(l iniii. — ileccss begins

THU RSDAY, JANUARY 3

IN)” ii.iii, - cliisscs resume

Critic Praises
Gaelic Comedy

by Gaye Frusciono

Last Friday evening we saw the
first performance of the State Uni—
versity Theatre production ofJ.M.
Synge's The Playboy of the Western
World, presented under the auspices
of the Dramatics and Arts Council.
It was delightful from beginning to
end.

The play must be seen to be
believed. And even then. you’ll
wonder if you haven’t had a wildly
improbable, but wholly delicious
daydream.

The title character, Christy Ma—
hon, owes the popularity he finds
in a little Irish village tohisclaim
that he has ki llcd his father.
l’cgccn, a girl borcd by her (lull,
cowardly fianccc, Shawn Keogh, is
cntranccd by (‘hristy, as is the
scheming Widow Quin and a quartet
of wild Irish girls.

lindlcss complications c n s u c
whcn (‘hristy’s father turns up,
battcrcd but very much alive.
Great Difference in Performers. Talents

'l‘hc pcrformances range from
unbclicvably good to unbclicvably
bad, but with most everyone quite

good, Inn l.cct is perfect as
(‘hristv. changing quickly from
biagging to tho adoring village

girls to cowering bcforc his irritc
father. Mr. l.ect’ssuggestionol'an
Irish accent varied in intensity
throughout the evening, but this is
a minor flaw.

.ludilh Slonc played l’cgccn to the
lilt. managed to bc tough—
mindcd and tender—henrtcd at the
sumc limc. .\liss Stone's voice
has ii soft. lyrical quality which
wcll rcflccts thoscqualilicsinhcr—
cni III Playboy.

Normoyle Ineffective
notablc failure of thi- cyc—
l‘homas Ni'irmoylc as
.\lr. .\'o r mov lc
sounds~ about :is Iriin as llizzv
Iii-:in. Ill :iilililion, hc acts as
though hc wi-rc :i ilull«wittcilcoun—
ii'v inslcinl of an actor ini—
pcrsoiiuting such a l'cllow. It was
\‘ci'v Ilisi-oncci‘iiiig to watch.

lion-s ll lll' n l i n as l’i-g'ccn’s
trillicr, Samuel \ingcr nst'hristv‘s

*lii'

'l'hc
ning
\liriwn

\K'llS
l\cogh

liiiy

tulip-r, .‘IIliI .\mcli:i \\'ciss:is\\'idow
Quin \\‘I'i'l' satisfactory in thcir
i‘olcs, if not outstanil‘ng.

'I III' tour \‘illrigc girls, pliiycilby
\':ilcric (iolom, Iiobcrlri'l'rcnkncr,
.oni-c Davis, and linilii Ill-Its
lil'fllli‘i‘ll :ii‘oiinilIbcsiiiziil strigi' liki-
liigli—spii'ilcil colts,

Tkotch and Burden Outstanding

'Ilii- most astonishing pcriou
llI‘llli"‘\' in llic ])I1l\’i'llllll' from I‘.
vl'li‘li lkriich and ion Ii'll'lll‘lt 'is
4Iiiiiiiiv .‘lllII l’llllly. two iiwrii‘iy ‘ll'
".irivs drunk iricnils of \lr l-‘luln-r—
I\’, I’l".}\i‘l‘ll'\' tailii-i'

con't on p. 6

Puouoonnrus,

REPAIRED
BLUE non: SHOP

I56 (lNlttAl AVI
"010!“ Ut‘lN Ill 9 P M

 

 

shop
23! Central Ave.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1962

l Campus Current l

by Sue Murphy

Christmas is the saddest time of the year. The light
in the eyes of the happy children, the joy of the singing
chimes, the twinkle ofthe flickeringcandles, thewarmth
of hundreds of smiling faces. All these will serve to
so illumine the world that the poor, the oppressed, the
persecuted and the lonely will have no place to hide.

Christmas is so many things — but most of all, it is
a warmth, a warmth of beautiful, selfless love — a
communion know only to those who love.

And who 51$ they who love? The children — the chil—
dren who laugh and play and believe and pray, the chil-
dren who are always happy. Ah, yes, we say. What
would Christmas be without children? And yet, what
are children without Christmas? All over the world
there will be children who will be alone at Christmas.
The children who aren’t children any more. Children
whose parents don’t care. Children who don’t really
know any children. Children who know only poverty,
hunger and fear.

Who are they who love? Those who light the eight
candles of the menorah. Those who kneel before the
small Child born one night in a cold stable in Bethle—
hem. ln many places, however, the candles will be
snuffed out and the small figurines will be smashed by
those who seek to extinguish and destroy the faith of a
people.

Who are they who love? All men, the sick, the be—
reaved, the lonely, the oppressed. All men love, yet
for some it will be hard to love this Christmas. Let
us share our Christmas with them. Thinkof them, pray
for them, thank our God for all that we have to love.

Seryice llluminates
Christmas Meaning

Students and faculty are invited
to a Christmas Vesper Service,
sponsored by Campus Christian
Council, to be held at 8:00 p.m.
Tuesday, December 18, at First
Lutheran Church. located on West-
ern Avenue between Quail and
Lake.

The service will depietthemati—
cally, through the use of Scripture
and music, the coming of the
Christ. To accomplish this, there
will be readings from the Old and
New Testaments concerning the
prophecies and the Christmas
story, congregational singing, an—
thems by a choir. and music

The twelve member string en—
semble, conducted by Mr. Chris—
tophe r \\'enit of Albanyh‘enior Iiiin
School, will play (‘orelli’s
“Christmas ConcertoH and the
“Pastoral Symphony” from Han-
del’s “Messiah”. The choir, un—
der the direction of Jan Dyckman,
will sing “Fanfare for Christmas
Day" by Shaw, “The Desert Shall
Rejoice” by Wilson, “Lo, How a
liosc lC’cr Blooming” arranged by
(.‘hristianscn, and “Nowell” by
'I‘itcomb. 'i‘aking part in the serv-
ice as readers will be Elizabeth
ilonnett, Arthur (‘olcs, Mr. 'l'hom—
son l.ittlcfield. and llcv. Frank
Snow, campus minister.

\\'hile there are many (‘hrist—
mas festivities on campus, there
has not been an observance of this
type. 'l‘hus Campus Christian
t'ouncil hopes this Vespch‘ervice,
dealing with the central meaning
of thc season, will fill an obvious
need and find ready response.

   

PAGE 3

 

lCommunications i

To the Editor:

Throughout history there have
been many instances in which an
acid pen has served a useful pur—
pose in society. To project this
idea on a smaller scale, I feel that
it is the duty and function of the
“Common Stater” to act as an
alter ego for our society.

in past years “Common Stater"
has upheld this duty and privilege.
but this year i ask whether it is
serving this function.

Last week when its poison pen
finally wrote somethinginEninsh,
it attacked a person, not a group,
a practice or an idea. Further-
more, it wasn’t directed at a per-
son who has helped to drag down
the reputation ofthe schoolby word
or deed. No, “Common Stater”
finds delight in attackingthose who
devote valuable time to public
service.

is it, in truth, serving its func—
tion'? Have the attitudes of this
campus changed so radically that
those who are exemplified by this
person lie opento unjustcriticism‘?
I think not.

I take issue with the fact that,
whilc the writers as individuals
have a right to dislike a person,
they do not have the right to single
him out for public derision. If
“Common Stator" is no longer
serving a useful function, itshould
be discontinued so -that it will not
waste valuable space.

And finally. if“Common Stator”
feels that attack it must, then by
all means attack, but keep itabove
petty jealousies.

Edward Reid '64

  

 

never thought you'd get /roni any ﬁltcr cigarette.”

Dual Filter makes the diﬂ'erence

 

DUAL FILTER

. n . u :'\ .
Print/int u] tigt ¢nll4rﬂn A‘irav (urynnor i/Ilém it til, "infill: new .2» i r x.

 
  

“Tareyton’s Dual Filter in duos partes divisa est!”

says Marius (Guy Blade) Camillus of the Forum Fencing Team. Says Gay Blade, “Anyone on terra ﬁrma
will agree ’Ihreyton is a tirina, fina cigaretic~packed with tobacco bone. No wonder you enjoy de gustibus you

  

x???ng

   

  
   
 
     
      
        
       
       
       
     
       
 
      
   
   
     
     
 

 

 
 

 

 
 
        
 
      
   
   
   
   

 

 

Hungry Iiir
Ila 1 *or
721 rev/en’s 3,,
go! i/ .I

. I, .
f) ,7 731/8110” /.

Jam/ton”

 
    
   

/

":1

\. ,
>a.,,

   

lure/u

  
 

 

 

  

  
   
      

 
    
        

