 

 

PAGE 4

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.FR|DAY. FEBRUARY 27.

1959

 

 

4pm 0; State

By WALTER LeBARON

Workcamp In

 

Would it sound quaint to ask on
this college for teachers’ campus,
just what a teacher is? We Would
have to admit that there is some
confusion about that profession for
which we are preparing. Each stu-
dent at State has at least a nominal
interest in teaching, but too often
this interest is limited to a passive
acceptance of courses in “profes—
sional training."

Why do so many students cringe
when asked to admit a real inter-
est in education, as if teaching were
a second rate occupation? Possibly
the best explanation is that the
majority on this campus has a
wrong or incomplete concept of edu-
cation as a profession. Students who
are actively interested in education
sometimes turn elsewhere because
they fail to discover a true purpose
in teaching.

Education, a Profession

Education is a many splendored
thing that means something differ-
ent to each good teacher. Education
today is a challenge that cannot be
considered lightly. The force of the
current public interest in “our
schools" places a strong responsi-
bility upon each future teacher.

Teachers share many common in—
terests, and each individual prepar—
ing to teach should become aware of
this common ground. He should be
cognizant of the requirements for
professional status, the criteria of
good teaching, the major issues in
education today, and most of all,
his duty as a member of the pro-

. fession.

SEANYS

The Students of Education Asso-
ciation of New York State works to
make college students aware of the
issues and opportunities in the pro-
fession of education. SEANYS is the
student organization of the New

West Indies

By DOROTHY DAVIS

York State Teachers Association
and it is sanctioned by both the
NYSTA and NEA. A chapter of the
Association is being started in Al- A summer workcamp—what is it?
bany in order to provide a means How do people react, to it?
for individual expression of a posi- It all began in New York cm.
“‘9 Drafessmnal attitude , when the 12 of us. students from
A meeSSlon‘” orgamzf'mon 9X15“? nine states met, were commissioned.
50 serve the 139111011151” mtemSts 01 and then spent a sleepless night
the profession. Each student is in- soul-mg through the Clouds m San
vited to discover the value which JUan' Puerto Rico, and on to St“
SEANYS. a student professional or- Croix‘ We were greeted by a Steel
sanitation. can have for him. band and the native calypso at its

best. Then our work party began.
College, AA UP “W
Sponsor Talks

Mornings were spent at work
clearing the church yard, raking,
hoeing, swinging inachctes, pulling
weeds, laying cement blocks, carting
debris, and whitewashing fences.

A faculty lectureship, established The work was hard. The tropical
jointly by the local chapter of the sun was hot, but cooled by inter-
American Association of University mittent showers.

Professors and the college, will feat-

ure a speech by Edward P. Shaw,

Professor of Modern Language, in

the early spring. Professor Shaw’s

topic will be “Freedom of Expres-

sion in an Age of Absolutism: Cen-
sorship and Subterfuge in Eighteenth
Century France."

Afternoons were spent visiting the
sugar mill and rum factory, explor-
ing, and swimming in the Carib-
bean. The two divergent cultures.
Cruzan and Pucrto Rican, offered
questions and challenged the under-
standing.

],ecture St. Thomas

The lecture is designed to be of
general interest to faculty mem-
bers, students, and other members
of the college community. It is
hoped that the lecture will provide

Our second two weeks were spent
on St. Thomas. The project there
included painting the interior of the
Lutheran Church, a beautiful struc-
ture built by the Danes in the 1800':;.

additional intellectual stimulation .

to members of the college commu— The final weekend was spent at
nity. a student retreat in Puerto Rico.
Commitwe Here the language barrier was the

unifying factor. Puerto Rican young
people served as interpreters and
shared their concerns with us.

Members of the committee arrang-
ing this event are: Evan R. Collins,
President of the College; Oscar E.
Lanford, Dean of the College; Mor—
ris Berger, Associate Professor of
Education; Kendall Birr, Associate
Professor of History; Katherine
Heinig, Associate Professor of Bi—
ology; and Shields McIlwaiiie, Pro-
fessor of English.

So ended five weeks marked by a
sunburn and calloused hands—and
a warmth and peace that is unfor-
gettable. It is easy to talk about the
ways of other areas and cultures—
easy, until you experience the cul-
ture.

Coed Discusses Army Seeks School Teachers

For Positions In Europe, Asia

School teachers, for both the ele-
mentary and secondary grades, are
needed in schools which the Army
operates for children of its military
and civilian employees overseas.
The Army is recruiting teachers now
for the 1959-60 school year in Ger-
many, F‘rance. Italy, Japan, Oki-
nawa and Korea.

Some vacancies also exist in the
same countries for school librarians,
guidance covnselcrs. and adminis-
trative personnel.

The pcncral qualiﬁcations include
a bachelors degree, with 18 semester
hours credit in education courses.
and two years teaching experience.
Applicants must be between the
ages of 23 and 60, and must be cur-

 

C’ammam’caﬁomt

 

(Continued from Page 2, Column 2/
rooms, paying for use of washing
machines, etc. Even if someone
wants to leave so they can live more
conveniently and cheaply elsewhere,
t..ey are dcllied the opportumty be-
cause the dorm must be ﬁlled.

What will be the next economy
measure—ten cents to use the bath-
room? If there were less restrictions
on girls, we might consider pitching
a tent in Washington Park.

Disgusted
To the Editors:

At the risk of contradicting my
article in last week‘s NeWs, i would
like to pay a much deserved compli-
inent to the class of '61 for their
splendid banquet which was held
last weekend. The food was delicious,
the speaker genuinely interesting.
and to say that “a good time was
had by all" Would be a definite un-
derstatement. The absence of many
of the more active class members
was coils]:icuous. but those of us who
did venture out. liito the snowy
night—if only to get a decent meal
—rwere far from sorry that we had.

Elaine ltomutowskl 'iil

reiitly employed in the teaching
ﬁeld or in furthering thcir profes-
sional education.

Salaries start at $415 a month.
Rent—free living quarters are fur-
nished, or where not available, a,
llblliillg' allowance is provided. The
tour of duty is one year.

To assure consideration for the
coming school year, inquiry rcmrd-
lug application procedure should be
made immediately to thc pcrsonncl
ofﬁce of the Corps of Engineers
Eastern District at 346 Broadway,
New York 13, N. Y.

State Fair . . .

{Con/timed from Page 1, Column -i/
House, silhouettes; SCA, telegrams;
East House, tennis boll concession;
Smiles, nerve tcsicr.

Concessions

The following groups \le1 have
concessions at the Fair: Sigma Phi
Sigma, selling curnations; Madisoo
House, root beer; Alden Hall, pizza;
Pierce, cigarettes and candy; Bril—
biicher, popcorn and candy apples.

Student Union Board will sell
programs; State (.‘ollcge News,
"Gulls"; Faculty, food; and lFG will
be showing films.

Prizes

The Co—op is donating prizes to in:-
awarded. The door prize will be .I
long play record of the “Flowil'
Drum Song." A prize will also be
given to the group putting on tlv-
best show and also the one l'lllSlill',
the most money.

A booster prize will also be givi ii
for the person guessing the correct.
number of M and M's ill the jar.

Following the fair a preview of
the State College, Revue will be pre—
sented in Page Hall.

Committee Chairmen for llli' liill'
include Arnold Rothstciil and Mo-
l‘lilll Sllyl‘l'SLClll us Co—Clmirincli.
Donna Harris, Finance; Robert Fox,
Publicity: Sully Vail Scoy, Secre-
tory; and Rosemary chri-k, Holmi—
crs.

 

 

 

o menthol ll‘CSll
- rich tobacco taste

0 modern filter. too

A new idea in smoking...

 

refreshes your taste

i'itulu ll!) ll J ll|)liilllo ll/llilllll lump.th

Smoking was never like this lit-lone! Salt-m i'cli‘cslios your izlslc jusl as a glorious
Spring morning roircsllcs you. To rlrll toliucco liislo, Salt-m llililS a surprise sollucss
that gives smoking new case and comfort, Yes, tlii'oilgll Salem’s pilrc-wllilc, llimli‘l'll
filter llows the freshest taste in cigarettes. Smoke l'clroslicil . .

. smoke Hiilclnl

Take a Pit/f. . . I 17's Springtime

  

4

STATE COLLEGE NEW5.FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 27. 1959

    

PAGE 5

 

Pecl Marmen Finish Season;
Union Dutchmen Win 23-11

By DAVE MILLER

Albany’s gallant matmen wrote the ﬁnal chapter in
the book of hard knocks Wednesday and played the role to
the hilt by dropping a 23-11 match to Union in a contest

spiced with two injuries.

The loss left the Feds with a dismal record of two
wins against six losses, the matmen having beaten Brook-
lyn Poly in the season opener and Clarkson.

For Joe Hill, who dropped a
tough match Wednesday, it marked
the end of the line; but the Senior
from Fabius who came out for the
sport as a Sophomore and earned
his varsity letter ten times over
leaves his mark in the annals of
sports history at State as proof that
it can be done.

Dave Pause. a Schenectady boy
who may well become a star next
year, won a decision Wednesday to
end a season that he began as a 130
pounder before moving up to 137
pounds. He was followed by Don
Warne, who won a decision, and
Mike Kessler. who won by disquali-
fication of his opponent. This is the
trio that should come through with
a banner year next winter as Jim—
iors.

Tourney Bound

One more item remains on the

docket for the matmen this year—

Cardina/s Beat
Peds By2 Points

The Pod quintet was defeated ill
an upset lost Saturday, as Jack
Potter put ill :1 last second shot to
lead PlllLSl)Lll',.',li to a 79—77 victory.

llolway iilrners 32

Gary Hoiway set a new away game
record by chalking up 32 points for
his season's high. Shooting 50’},
the Senior captain sank the major—
lty of his markers by way of under-
thc-baskct liiyiips. Sophomore Don
Cohen took second place in the Fed
scoring with 16. He also grabbed 8
rebounds. Don Bcardcn hit double
figures with four field goals all-i
two foul shots.

M
Group Initiates
Plans For Girls
Sports Program

By R0 FENDICK

We're off! WAA has begun plans
for softball lntramurals. Games will
be played Tuesdays and Thursdays
at 4 pm. Rules will be posted on
the WAA bulletin board. Sign-tip
sheets will be posted in group
houses and dorms by the athletic
udvisors.

Want to ump‘.’
athletic odvisor
good news.

Great! See your
and give her the

Skidmorc Playday

State girls have accepted Skid-
morc‘s invitation to a playday to be
held Saturday, March. 14. Partici-
potioii will be in archery, bowling
and basketball.

Basketball

Because of poor attendance, par-
ticipation and interest in volleyball,
this year‘s basketball program has
been cancelled. The gym is in coil-

the AAU tournament to be held in
AlbmW'S Page H311 Marc“ 21- Potter Matches llolway
Expected to draw. wrestlers from The “We
the entire Eastern side of the state, Jack 13mm,
htis regional editio of a national .- .. v ’,
\\lLll .32 points.
tournament should feature grap- '
piers from colleges and high schools ‘ F130 Pcds out
in each of ten weight classes. Any 38-29. From the

stunt demand, and there was the
fear that the interest in basketball
tnight decrease and result in an
empty gym when games are sched—
uled.

(Thecr ()f The Week

acc from Glens Falls,
paced the Cardinals

rebounded PSCT,
field the Saucrs—

persons interested in the details, men shot 39.6’.‘ and hit 652‘. from 'l"c"""‘ “33'” Tmm
or desiring to offer their services 111011110. 1-0-114’1 Yea—a Team
may get the details from the physi- gum Tm“ Shun [em ’l‘—e-a-m Yea—a Team
cal education ofﬁce or from wres- ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ ' ‘ “gm, Team, Fight!!!
tllng coach Joe Garcia. With  minutes remaining in the
The only remaining task for the garlic the local quintet went ahead (Ed. Note) Girls, someone has

Pcdos is to elect a captain and name to take tho lead by six points, with
their mos tvaluable wrestler, a job 30 seconds left iii the game, the
traditionally done during the wch Cardinals tied and then Potter broke
after the season‘s close. through for the game winning tally.

come to your aid. R0 Fendick has
\oluntecrcd to author a weekly girls’
sports column. it’s about time the
girls took some interest.

 

Do you want to

SAVE?
BARGAIN?
SALE?

Are you looking for a

Hero is your chance to cash in on a

 

at the
of
BRILLIANT SMART l«‘ASlII()NABLE

Costunw Jewelry

2 for 1 SALE

Pick out 2 pieces of chvlry ill the same price and pay for only i.

This Sale will be held for one week only.

FEBRUARY 25 —~ MARCH 5

Sorry no refunds or exchanges on Sale merchandise.

 

 

Kappa Beta Upsets Porter
To End Club's Win Streak

For the ﬁrst time in over nine years, the Edward
Eldred Potter Club tasted defeat in the intramural basket-
ball league. Their consecutive win streak was somewhere
near the 150 mark. For those non-believers, you can check
these facts in past issues of the State College News. The
team that scored this stunning upset was a tough and
spirited team representing Kappa Beta.

Five Score For KB
poodamation

Kappa Beta used only five men in
To the Student Body:

their conquest of the Club. All of
them scored and turned in brilliant
WHEREAS. James Gary llol-
way is terminating an outstand-

defensive performances.
The first half tells the story. Tho
Clubinen were outscored 23 to 18 ill
the first twenty minutes. Potter mg four years of intercollegiate
stayed almost even in the second msketbali play; and
hull ilZ—lli, but they could not “iHEREAS" his play on the
make up the difference. court has been of stellar quality,
Larry Brcen "Its 13 resulting in his shattering of
many court records; and
WHEREAS, his play through-
out thc [our years has epitom-

 

Captaiii Larry Brcen of KB hoop-
cd in 13 points and Bill Hohn llllll
11 to pace this game of games. Lou

DelSignorc was best for Potth' with mod the essence of American
8 markers- sportsmimship; and
MN,“ m,” ., .J m PM,”  ,V m WHEREAS. _ his endeavors,
13”...” I, 12 1 “Dummy,” 4 n .1 both on and off the court, have
“WW” 4 2 Ul'{i|\i‘l' '3 ‘J 4 exemplified ii high level of
I‘llpltili‘inmn . ill  1: Illlljlifplllpsoll   3: scholastic endeavor; and
Wllrlll'r o 4 4Di'l51ullul'i' n E a WHEREAS. his efforts have
Kalli“ 4- 3 4 ti been at much personal and
Siiiiii-iiimuh    faunin sacrifice,
. THEREFORE, as a small
23 13 355 1H 11 ‘JSI measure of our respect and de-
(nher Results votion, be it hereby proclaimed
Unknowm V 57 AM _ 2,, that Saturday. March 7. 1959
Terrors 39 [{“psh. 3:] Shit“ be known as  
,  - ,,, ,. ,- WAY DAY.
gill-ile '1'} . (ii lr‘r‘..'i.‘.iT........ it THE s'i't'nEN'r SENATE.
Unknowm 34 Robert llelwig, Pres.
Al’AllIclliis . 3n Student Association

 

From This Vantage Point:

Albany State

Hosts Tourney . 
By JIM DOUGIIERTY

For the ﬁrst time in three years the Adirondack A.A.U.
is going to hold a district wrestling tourney. Thanks to
Coach Joe Garcia, considered the area’s foremost advocate
of the sport, this tournament is going to be held here at
State.

Single Day Only

The tourney will be held for a single day only, March
21. Preliminaries and quarter ﬁnals will be held in Page
Gym in the morning. The semi—ﬁnal bouts (each SIX
minutes in duration) will be held at 3 pm. To complete
the day, ﬁnals and consolations will be held at. 7:30.
Rules, Awards

The 1958—1959 NCAA Rules will govern all contests.
Referee’s decisions will be based on the National Collegiate
point system.

Medals will be awarded to those athletes placing ﬁrst,
second and third in each weight class. Special awards for
the outstanding wrestler and the team championship will
also be given.

Worthwhile Event

Seeing things from this writer's particular vantage
point, this should be a Very interesting and rewarding
event to attend. Wrestling has been growing rapidly all
over the country as well as in the Capital District. Let’s
show the people of this area that State is a sports minded
school; not only interested in our own athletes. but in
other outstanding athletes representing various other
schools and organizations.

Sauersmen Eye ’l‘ourncy Success

On Wednesday, Coach Dick Saucrs and his varsity
hoopstcrs began their journey to the Oswego Invitational
tournament and what could be a bid to bigger and better
things. A win at Oswcgo would be another feather in
Sallers’ cap. After graduating from Slippery Rock State
Teachers College and serving as till athletic officer iii the
Navy, Dick Rollers came to State where his teams haVO
compich l‘CColdS of 11—9, 17—5, 17—5 and thus far this year
12—6. . . . The future'.".’

From The Sports Desk: The NAIA Regional playoffs
will be held at Montclair State (N.J.) on March 5 and ii
. . . Within a week, two of State’s best athletes will con—
clude brilliant 'arcerszhcy are Joe Hill, ‘aptuin of the
wrestling team and (iary liolwuy the “grcatcst basketball
player in all of State's history." . . . State JV’s play host to
St. Eridgct‘s tonight at 8:30.

CAPIELLO’S

1050 Madison Avenue
>~Next to Madison Ave. Theatre——

Phone 89—6292

 

 

 

Deliveries

 

