 

 

 

PAGE 2

Once More with Feeling . . .

_ Another opportunity for the student body to improve
itself is coming up next Thursday and Friday. Once more
more there will be voting on the 2.5 average requirement
for presidential and vice presidential candidates.

. In our opinion, requiring a 2.5 average was the most
serious mistake that has ever been made in student gov-
ernment at State College. Before you vote remember—

1. A 2.5 average does not insure administrative
ability in a person.

2. Constructive, efﬁcient government comes from
experienced, interested leaders.

3. The best candidates have too often been pre-
vented from running by this requirement.

The principle behind this provision was beautifully
ideal, but two years’ experience has shown that it is
impractical.

It is important that you vote this week and vote
wisely—not idealistically.
E.A.S.

Go! Go! Go! . . .

Attention Juniors: By next Saturday your ability to
consume school food should have reached its peak. If you
live at home, even mother's cooking can get tiresome. So,
the class is offering to help you out of this rut you’re in,
with—a banquet at Herbert’s. Actually this is sound busi-
ness proposition for you. Where else can you get a $2.75
meal for a dollar?

President Collins’ speech should be very interesting
and entertaining as always.

Class rings are to be distributed that evening in a
ring ceremony. If you didn’t order a ring, don’t worry
about it; go to the banquet and join the rest of us who
couldn’t afford them; it’s okay, you’re one of the crowd.

The big Whigs of the class have gone wild and worked
out some theme and have planned real live entertainment,
but don’t worry, it won’t last long.

If you do attend, you’ll be able to practice your danc-
ing and keep in shape for the spring weekends coming up.
That’s a fair deal, isn’t it?

See you there!
M.T.

Social Disorganization . . .

We witnessed this week the kind of a Senate meeting
we hope never to see again. Disorganization of thought
and confusion reigned gloriously through a discussion of
Senate’s power and of its responsibility to its predecessor.
Normally clear-thinking Senators and onlookers became
completely bafﬂed as they sank deeper and deeper into
parliamentary mire and completed their business on a
note of irresolution.

No one could say with logic and authority whether
the present President’s salary is still his to keep or should
be approved. Classic comments such as “I would say that
this is illegal”—of a bill passed last semester, “Oh, I forgot
about that”——»by the presenter of the bill, and “in other
words "—il you didn‘t understand what someone
meant.

Later meetings will have to be an improvement—they
couldn’t be any worse. May we suggest a little background
in the Constitution, Roberts’ Rules of Order and the prin-
ciples of logic for Senators, administrators and guests?
Next week you’ve got to get organized.

E.A.S.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

Second Place ACP
April H), 1050 No. 0

First Place CSPA
Vol. XLIV

Mcmhr-r o1 'm- NI'IWS ~.'.iIl .‘im‘. in il-mlieit Inexrhiy .iliil WI-lllicwtn» IlUlll 'l to
II p in at J ifllib I'X’IlI-ulii ll I‘n llll‘- Hpu-li 4'! ‘Jr “I: 'I'inr.kii.». '1 01250 (Ilrlllltlll
23-35320, [Juligimrm Ll idol

’l'iic ni.riciyi;id_.nic new impt r oi inc New York Slate (,‘oiicgc loi 'l'lrktcllt‘lr. pin
lisnierl l:\l‘lf, l'TJlgt) ol '1“ Ifolll-ge jun: by the NI‘ZWS Iiuulrl tor the Student Al. o .nl.o.i

ELIZABI’XI'II PiI‘I‘LNl‘l'Jt
MONICA 'I‘ItASItI'h
DAVID I‘IJIIIHIAN -
JAMES DOI'GIIHH Y
JAMES MCIIITGII
JANE (iILAIIAM -
JANICE GRAHAM
ROBERT KAMI’I"
I'Iltl’l'iHA‘KAI’IH'

('urIzilltorriii-(Ililrl

t‘o I'Ldllor-liiAI'lilcl

Feature lailitor

7 sports Iiilltur

l'ublii Relations Iidltor
Business Advertising liilitor
Circulation liilllor
I‘onsultunt Sports l‘ldltoi
Mali: ('ollcge I'Iioto Senior-

All lornliiunlcnlion; up...“ in; uddic».~.:<i to the editor .iii'l inn-.l be signed Nilllil'n
will in: Withheld (Ill [((lill'ml 'Ilic H’Iz’l'l‘i‘.‘ (XIIJJ’UE NEWS llm‘ililllt'h no rcsponnblliiy
lor opinion» CKIIII"..‘ii'Il hi it. ltllulIii’ir or lllllilllrli..llll.(lllu no (illrll l-xpi'e:.:. on) do not
lil:l;(:.‘-,.".&1fll',‘ rellect Ill. views

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL

 

(optic! Kain/M
By Gebhardt and Pasquerella

We witnessed last Monday what
we believe was the degeneration of
entertainments largest stronghold.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts
and Sciences showed to the movie-
going public nothing more than
the fact that they could gran-t very
pretty statues to very mediocre
talent. This was not true in all cases
but when they have the gall to grant
the same number of oscars to Gigi
as they did to Gone With the Wind,
we hate to think of the forthcoming
oscar winners.

DELAWARE

Rio Bravo—John Wayne, Ricky
Nelson and Dean Martin team up
to turn a second rate ﬂick into a
winner. We can't understand it.
The plot is mediocre, and the act-
ing is even worse, but the movie is
good. Walter Brennon turns in a
ﬁne performance. Dean and Ricky
mouth their way through a western
rock and roll song that almost ﬁts
into the story. From what we gath-
er. this movie was supposed to be
the Dean Martin Story but the
studio couldn't get a liquor license.
PALACE

Gigi—T0 some people this movie
was a pleasant musical. giving noth-
ing more than an hour and a half
of casual entertainment. To us it
was iotry-ﬁve minutes of pure
agony. (We walked out after the
ﬁrst half! Here are some of our
observations. We
sat through the
ﬁrst song on the
 edge of our chair
 " ' waiting iorChev' -
- lier‘s teeth to fall
out. Incidentally,
he won an acad-
emy award for go-
V ing the longest on
" * ' H the least amount
GEBHARDT of talent. We lis-
tened to the title song and C011]-
merited that it would never replace
Hound Dog. It won the award for
the best song.

We found some people that didn't
even see the movie because a week
before they had walked our during
the coming attractions. Our ﬁnal
note is: congratulations Diane Varsi,
you made the right movie.
STRAND

Al CaponFA real success story
steeped in the traditions of Horatio
Alger. Tell us, in what other coun-
try can a two-bit hood rise to a
position of num-
ber one vice lord,
with his own sev—
en hundrcd man
army? Attention
to science mapors
(we have to write
to you because
we never see your , I.
there are some ,1
exceptionally good  *4
shuts 0r (“sup PASQI'ICRELLA
latlon apparatus and process. Molli-
crs: take the kids to this lhck. It's
about time they stopped showing
those terrible war movies and gave
the dcliiiqucnts' herom u chance
to be seen,

LELAND

Flesh and the Woman—In the
previews it says and we quote
"(iiiin takes on the Foreign legion."
We don't believe II No matter
though, because this pic has hi.
Lotszi' Lollobrigidn More chi-lip
thrills for delinquent», and (:ollcgt-
sllHll‘lltS.

MADISON

Separate Tables — Probably the
most. dcscriing movie to be pro-
duced this year, this hunk oi ccllu—
lord has an excellent story, cxccllcni
direction, and excellent acting Un-
iorlunulriy this does not count in
li‘i'l‘lV’lllLi (lthiU'b.

N ofice

Juniors must pay the balance
due on their Junior rings next
week. The balance to be paid on
the rings is SIIJH for women's,
and $2.99 for men’s. The balance
can be paid at the desk set up
for this purpose in the lower
perister of Draper.

Rings will be distributed at the
.lunior Banquet, April 18. Tickets
for the banquet, which Is sched-
uled for 7 pm. at Herbert’s Res-
taurunt. are now available.

Anyone wishing to purchase
tickets may contact Catherine
Antonucci. Tickets are $1.00 for
class members, $2.75 for all others.

    

 

 

 

; Lng urchins cnvort on Biw'crwyck.

10. 1959

 

On your mark, get set . . . ’l‘EAl‘ll!

 

Gammon - State»;

By YOI'NGS & BL’RR’IEIS'I‘ICR

 

"If, of all words of tongue or pen, the. saddest are, ‘It might have two,

More sad are these we daily see: ‘It is. but hadn't ought to been
Bret Iliirte

LOVERLY

or loverlcss? It all depends on how many term papers one h.
Budget your time. don‘t plngarizc. and hope that. even llle
succumbs to spring fever eventually.
ENLIGIITENMENT

Every once in :i while something nice happens and we 1h.r
'new look" in the cafeteria is one of these nice things. Thank '
ever is responsible. but we can't help mentioning that more oi lln
ture still belongs to King Arthur.
THEY CAME RL‘NNING

and running and shouting . , . getting up and \\':l.slllii.'  .
and meeting your date at dawn is ﬁne. healthy, etc. An nil-m 'n'
from which you come staggering and yelling at the top of your h.
something elseH—obnoxious! We don‘t own the whole cil'.‘ am
1‘0  OR NOT TO SEE

This is no question since baseball is our national s])l)l'l. Hlnl'
iiing now to see our games. We have the makings oi :1 good

Bleccker‘s not that far away. and besides can you think ol .i ‘1'

date?
IIOPING

If IFC and ISO get I)U.\)', and groups t'o-rilicl'lilt‘d. and (lrceiz
master the ﬁne art of standing with arms ioldcd, perhaps this 2:
announcement of their officer.» could replace Myskniilli's lapping oL
EYESOME

ITI'IL‘ age of specialiZaiion in vending machines has hit our 1“
Union. We now haw a machine lor fruits. New mutcriul ninili
the apple polishcrs.
Rl'N AROUND

Smooth talk and caution r'él grease a floor whcrcon one v v
on crutches. Moral: it you get sick .ll school, forget it.
EXPLORE AMO L'lt

Being incurable roinuniicrsls we can't help urging you to Low
vantage oi the season and love, love, love. After all. the grcnl 
H 4 is bigger and more secluded than lounges and hallways
 BATTER L’l’ ‘

Gone are the days of rotting ucros~ Page Field in szilciy um .
‘ I Slate‘s ullilcilc iiggrcgnllrf.
runmng‘thc bust-s- (illt‘l‘ more Hope AMIA ('Ulllllllll‘s and WAA Er
I-..\llll.l'.RA I‘ING 'I‘O ICXIIAI'S'I‘ION

gi . , . , . . '

ioimnls inc \ionderiul .ixnirs, but they must also be \vl'.
since eicry year some people l:n\‘c lo bc i'.ii'l'll'(l our Music
cause oi the do-it—yonrscli ('i'ii/.c and pcoplc wnnl to Jul lm'
rooms plastered,
l..-\l'(llll.\'(l ()N THE ()l'Th‘IDI'.‘

Wiisnt Senate meclm: n riol?’ Surl- It \\‘.i\-, but limnhn; lip
on it good circus. Why can't Sennlc pill on u diiiercm show“ l‘lxi“
helps so would common sense und curing.
lNSIit'l'ltIi

We learned liom in RI lllll“ llill-illill sin-nee so il‘l\ luIlIH'
n.innl monkey». love r-lolh mothers .Vlnyln (‘hnrlic lll'lll‘.l; . lim‘
llll‘ right approach.
GRAND til.“ SENIORS

Illepilc lln‘ incl llml cisnrcllc» now l'-l.\l l Illr' lllrlt‘ Ali‘“
ihc‘hcmors scrolmgc up the moon ninl lln l'llil:(\ lo ninth in I
gown ‘llil' Mull}? ’l‘odny is lllsl d..\ to order Illl'lll :1! ill" "H w
Ill .\(a.-\li\’ RI’II'ICA'I'I‘II)

the libelnn crisis points out ngnm how little other “Mr 1"
menir lo us when \tc ll.l\'l' lo cnduim-l our own ponillwh
1lllll‘ we thought about the lllllllllilllilll: i
Iol' .ill
'l‘IllCUIlY-l'lltitilii'
> Why isn't preaching lJlH'llli‘ll'.’ A minimum oi 2313 hull!» Hi "‘1 i‘
it icdnlicd ioi .:i.idu;ilion, yet 0 hour. \on guessed ll sinle

I 'hol I‘lll in» plum:- to

1m: are illuinninlcl: b\ .l})l)llt,illli“ .,1 rpm,“ ,1] 1, ml, \iy. p,

:‘St'l‘lliill nml .i paycheck um I he \Hilllll'lll'l
.‘ 01‘ Till: Wl'lltK
Why is .i (Insaroom liki .. Whirlin

“H

_ College Ca/endar

 

 

 

 

l'tlll in

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 10
7&0 p in II"(i movic ’l“'hc Km ‘ "
'  g and l
brAH/RIMY, Al’ltll. ll
2r00 nin ()onniicrcc (,‘lub (‘onlcrcncc m llrulnichei'
.llll) p m, Kappa Delta Formal ill Herbert‘s.
lisi (nimmii l"(ll'lllill iii the IJI'Wlll (.‘Iniion
Lingual light Sigma li‘ornnil at Raphael's
H l .iginu pha l"ril'lllil ll. 1' " ' ' ‘
“flasnl‘y' APRIL H i l (iookld Loki lIoltl
8.00 DJ“. ()l"ll Interpretation l '
H I I . vi ll )1 " . l
IlllllthliAY, Al’ltll. til I I m” ‘4‘
0.50 1).!“ Kappa Mu le‘psilon liniiquct at the Ulllt‘l‘lmll)’ CU”)

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 10. 1959

 

The Facade

By DAVE FELDMAN

Everyone has gotten his last gasp
of free air and is ready to dive again
into the turbulent last two months.
Easter vacations are great resting
spells designed. it seems, to give the
student a chance to worry about
warnings just received and term
papers that are due and of course
the inevitable ﬁnals.

Term Paper Turmoil

Why have so many professors de-
cided that too many term papers
are due during the middle of
March? Now it seems, that all pro-
iessors have decided that April is
it good month for papers and hence

Outing Club
Visits Camp

Slutt- (_‘o1cgc Cnmp Board un-
nounccs that (here will be a trip
lo the college cnmp next weekend.
The purpose of this trip is to initi-
utc ii guide system to iacilitnic use
oi Cdal Dippikill. All students
who are interested in the guide sys—
tem or in a relaxed weekend at Dip-
}:ikill. please contact Arthur Young
by Student Mail. or at Grant House.
Also sign up sheets will be provided
on the c.cnp bulletin board in lower
Draper.

Anyone who desires to go up to
the camp must go to a camp board
meeting. 'llicsc meetings lll‘l‘ held
Thursday lllLllll at 7:30 pm. in
Brubnchcr.

 

they have simultaneously decided to
have them due then. As a. result
term papers are early this year to
avoid some kind of rush or other.
l’roi’esnrial Plot

This is, I think, a plot to under-
mine student morale. li something
is not done to stop this trend the
library may have to start dusting
earlier in the future.

Incidently, I went to the library
the other day. A freshman directed
me after some Senior had mis—
directed mc to the Commons.

I discovered that the library is
a pretty interesting place. The floor
sqcaks something real weird. It goes
all the way to high C and what a
stirring E ﬂat.

Lost

1 re-discovercd the lost chord
while bounding across the boards in
pursuit of a muse. The sonorious
snoring of a Grad added depth to
the entire production.

Speaking about productions, I
have been asked to mention the
Sorority festivities coming up this
weekend. Yes, the first wave of the
invasion IOI'Ct' will hit the Welling-
ton at 1900 hours Saturday. The
second wave will not arrive until
two weeks later. Our sources have
revealed that even this period of
respite will not give the opposing
bell-boys, night clerks, and elevator
opii'ntoi‘s lime to recover.

Why did the State College News
have to move its ofﬁce?

Why do commuters never discuss
their vacations?

 

The [Mayﬂower

with an eye to your food and budget
209 Central Avenue

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Since NATO was founded

rule. NATO stands for

'ii'a“

elite coo
£99
3 % .
‘2 e"

’00 36*

 

10 years on guard
against another World War

NATO—"The defenders of

Freedom must stand united"

Dwight D. Eisenhower

ten years ago, not one inch of

territory in the, Atlantic area has fallen under Soviet

the North Atlantic Treaty

()rgiinizution—composed of 15 free nations including
the [1.8. It is a strong military and political force that
greatly reduces the chances of another world war. And
behind the shield of NATO, you and 450 million free
men can work for a better life in peace.

Send for tree booklet on NATO. Write:
NA'IO INFORMATION, Box Bit, New York 2|, N.Y.

NATO

Compliments of The 

 

PAGE 3

Robert Rienow, Wife Co-Auihor Book;
Center on Control of Atomic Development

Dr. Robert Rienow, Professor of
Political Science, and his writer-
wife, Leona Train Rienow, are the
co-authors of a new book, Our New
Life With The Atom, just published
by Thomas Y. Crowell Co. This
primer on the control of atomic
development has already received
widespread attention in magazines
such as the Saturday Review.

In layman‘s language, Dr. and
Mrs. Rienow have culled the facts
about the atom from scientiﬁc
source. They have opened the

areas of scientiﬁc ignorance and
laid bare the gaps in our knowledge.
The book includes information on
the inadequacies of our political
control of the Atomic Energy Com-
mission.

The co-authors also deal with the
problems we will have to cope with
in the future of atomic energy.
They discuss the question of the
disposal of waste materials used in
industry. medicine, agriculture, and
the other radioactive products given
off in the use of atomic energy.

The authors are well qualiﬁed for
such a book. Dr. Rienow has taught
political science at State College
since 1936 and is the author of
six widely used textbooks in the
ﬁeld. He is a contributor of articles
to encyclopedias and is currently
president of the Eastern New York
Chapter of Nature Conservancy.

Mrs. Rienow has also written sev-
eral books, and together they have
written popular articles for maga-
zines such as llarper’s, Saturday
Review, This Week, American Home.

 

 

 

 

at so t! What taste from

 

 

yonder

FILTER-BLEND

 

 

 

IT'S WHAT'S UP mom THAT coums

This filter, be it e’er so pure and whlte
Must needs give flavor too, full clear and bright
Else would the trusting smoker, filled with hope
Again be clashed, dejected be . . . and mope.

And thus we come to Winston's obvious truth

lt's what's up front that counts— and ’tis, forsooth
In that the fine tobaccos, in the end

Are by exclusive process—Filter-Blend—

Become the tastiest taste that e'er hath played
Across your dancing taste-buds, man or maid!

Be ye not slow, therefore, to test the wit
Of what we say: that Winston, friend, is it;
For that with ev’ry smoke ya do delay
Ye are not gath’ring roeebods while ye may!

“ We are advertised by our loving friends...”

KING HENRY VI. PART III. ACT V. 5C. Ill

RJ. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO..WINSION SAlEM.N.C.

 

 

 

