 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6. 1959

Photo by Ted Proskln

r I Every year

9.
_ it the Sophs and frosh present

 

709dhe¢nedd . . .

By KEN TAYLOR
on a certain day

in gentle - loving competition
the audience is hushed
as actors are rushed
to carefully artistic positions,
the curtains are drawn
(as we stiﬂe a yawn)
amidst playful admonitions
no one gets excited
for
both rivals deplore and completely
abhor
the slightest lack
of propriety
the rules
are
constructed
the plays are conducted
in a manner beﬁtting
the greatest scholastic

Fresh skit, l, to r.: Ronald Bullis, Pete Fisher, Joe LaMonica, Ross sobriety
Dunn, Director, Dick Kocpsell, Judy Casey.

since
the whole

 

ﬂﬂm'mt @/ Slal‘e

 

By KEVIN McSllANE

I recently overheard in one of
the more erudite crannies of the
cafeteria that our school is in a
cultural morass. This isn't trite be-
cause we have Art here! (For those
of you who haven't noticed them,
I'll now describe seine of the art-
typc things which you may have
“seen but not observed" (as they
say in the Japanese co-cd bathsr.|

The moat recent addition to State's
art collection is the portrait of Boyd
E. State, the founder of this school,
and after whom it was named. Dr.
State is now hung in Brubacher Hall
orcr the stairs leading down to the
Union. Rumor has it that it was a
ctMiperatirc effort of the art classes
with each student painting in a part
of his anatomy. He is shown seated,
in n jacket and loosely flowing
skirt. mainly because the art class
has been ail'li.:tcd with a lack of
adequate leg—painters.

And then there is iili‘ Art Gai-
lci'y in Drapcr Lounge dedicated to
the very cultural idea of quality
heloi't: quantity. The gallery presents
in Si)ilt‘.il'}' splendor another portrait

this onc of Mrs. Scotland, a, bi-
olo 1y (cat-her no lolligt‘l' with us. For
illli.\.(‘ proplc seated on the other side
oi tia- room there is little to admire
t‘Xi'l‘jit the lettrx, lcotards and or [iii-
gt-rit- oi the iiiretcratc :.oiit dwellers
and a Icw of lht-ir friends reclin-
in t in voluptuous leisure on the
lotinucs opposite.

Another t-sct-ilciit, but largely iir-
lliti'cd ariiiact. is that decorating a
('l'i'liilli niil rcyiatt-d tlooi' \yiihiii lhc
nit-it's room on the scrond floor of
Draper, done in the primitive, na-
titcly Ai:it-rict.n sttic oi (iraiulina
Moscs or the sew-nth grade at Mill-
hp [.it'lli'.1,.‘iltili. While somewhat
i'itl')’ ill iiit'liit' tillti ill it :(i'llh’l' (it‘-
iiascd by the it-ss than adequate
\t~i‘.((- ai-iompanying it, it is :.llll a
\x‘cii'onit- addition to our school's
artistic trove.

Bowling Class
Now Meeting

The Columbia Howling Alli-ys at
inllilillll iii'l- (iiii‘l'lliif two programs
oi bottliiiig iliis ‘,t'lti‘ ()nt- pi'ogi'aiii
is for instruction, and the other is
bottlliltf tor iiin in lta;:tit-s With
other ('(Iiit‘i.{i‘5

'l‘hc instructional classes art- forty
minutes in length, from it am. to
4 pin 'iill"-l', clauses ari- uiidt-i' l,hi~
iziiitliiiir‘t- oi .t ('t'i'tliit‘d iiistiiit'iiri'.
't'pp iiiii}' (r.:.t in thc Stiltit‘lit \.lil be
li'.ii;,;,ortiiioii lift!” [line toiicpc to
thc (‘ol'iinbsa [aim-s and bailr. ’l'lit-
('iinltl' i:. lli'l‘lfll (‘l‘liim l‘ili’il way,
\‘.iiii h l» up]iro:-.iiii;itrly liill‘diitii thc
llhllai iiiit'

'i‘ln‘ o and provram illl‘illiil'n an
iv.- iriili'l.tli' bottling in liaiuhcap
it‘.i Iii.) Any :‘i'iillji of four or iin:
ii.Itnl.i-i':. may participate The total
co.,t ior (hi, program, which lll-v
(liltii'. thit-c games, shoes. and
ii.iii.~.poit.:iioii ‘.‘.iii ili' .“Sliln. 'l'ht-st-
ii‘uiliiq trill howl tarot» works for
th iliijliliil‘nilljrfi with a rup itivt n for
lilt‘ wont-rs.

An', (main, micron-d in bottling
or itillillli)’, to boat] and who havc
stunt: ill‘l.’ illlll' (lil‘ilbl' hunt: lillfll'
names in tin: athletic tillltl‘

Our library walls are entirely cov-
ered by an exquisite mural depict-
in; the City of Albany's history. It
was an early effort of an as yet
tuirccognized artist now occupying
an important position on the staff
of DC. publications.

Finally, there is Minerva. Consider
her for a moment as an “object
d'Art" rather than a symbol and
a. iriend. How many of its have no-
ticed she is showu with seven toes
on one foot and six on the other?
Or that she wears a ski-cap and
flannel l:athrobc-——the results of a
drafty zzciilptor’s studio and a slight
asthmatic condition on the part of
his model?

I can only recommend that those
who have overlooked our artistic en-
vironment make a thorough tour ol
every room, professor's, Dean's or
President‘s, making notes of any-
thing I may have overlooked. I‘m
sure the faculty won‘t mind.

intention
of this
honored contention
is promotinp class togetherness

Commuters P/an
Bowling Parfy

Commuters Club is holding a
bowling party tomorrow night at
the Paladium Bowling Alleys.

The committee for this project
is: James Warner, Jo Ann McNally,
and Alan Wagner, Juniors; and
Susan Zeh and Hugh Fitzgerald,
Sophomores.

Club president Warner asks that
anyone interested in joining the
bowling league sign up on the Coin-
niuters Club bulletin board in Lower
Draper. The league meets Mondays
at 3:30 pm. at Paladium Alleys.

According to Warner a roller skat-
ing party will be held Saturday,
November 11, at (‘itiptill‘s Arena.

 

 
 
 

 

«x.

k @226“

 

 

li'ormality at ease suggests
tiltill-~Sil()Wl'l here in an ci
With Wide bateau neck a

 

 
   

jersey pants in a blue and green print. Vcivotecn is
.‘iti inches wide and $1.98 a yard, the Orton and wool
jersey is 54 inches wide, $2.79 a yard. Both are hand
washable. J, C. Penney fabrics. McCall pattern #4939.

 
 

. m
i

 

a play of color and dimen—
ncrald green velveteen top
nd dropped shoulder, the

 

a play

 

Photo by ’l‘td PTO-i. z

Sophomore skit, l. to r.: Seated Gail Burlctt, Gail Bossert. Standing:
Robert Steinliauer, Director, (‘lifford Demorest. Joe Ball.

IFG Requests Student Aid

In Non-removal oi Posters

Jay lwshcr, President of WC, has students that our ()l"'iliil/:tiii|li
inatic the following announcement capable .>f l'i‘liliiVill", its i-'.‘,ll pin
concerning its posters. We requcsi. that tin-.c po u:

"According to Poster Regulation returned to its and also .i:-}: i. ‘
No. 9 of the rules announced by REFRAIN FROM iti‘..\lti\i‘.t~
Campus Commission, ‘All organixa— ANY MORE OF OUR i’i.)£"~li'.ia’
it us must. take down publicity whcn FROM THE WALLS.
event is ort r on day following.’ Dtir- This is a relatively mild l) t, a
in}; the ] a .t wccks some students on and we would iliilii't‘duit‘ tia-
this campus have indicated by thcir opt-ration of all students. it i'l. :~
action that IFG is incapable of tail:— inoval persists we lith- bci-n .. no .
in': down its own posit-rs and have that methods of inhaling ltli-i a ,2.
attc nptei to lit-1p out by runovin; ishiitg violators can be iotiiid that
them. I would like to inform thtsc our student gorernincnt,

 

 

 

1/ we cou/c/ say a prayer with pictures...

no \vords could my out praycr as \l’t'ii as the will”
iilL‘f' oi livo-ycai old Mary iiclii i’yron.

'i'liis iovciy cliliti -- shown ill'li' \\iiil iicr inotiici' —~
was born With a crippling dcit-ct oi iill: spine. Slu- if) out!
oi the 250,000 Amt-rit an baiiics iioiii l'ili'il ycar with con-
Hiaiilal tiialiormalions. 'i'iiiiiit ol ill »— llllt' out of ci't‘l'Y “5
Aiiici'icaii liairicsi

' Through the Match oi Hunt's, you iiclpcd M'ii‘llCO
find the way to stop ct ippiing liy polio.

Now the NI‘IW Match oi lhincs \rili iicip Mlvi'lli'O
iiiid liue way to slop crippling irii‘lii iii‘il'i l‘.» lill‘ liltiiidy
no one has wanlcd to latci

iiyitivingio[heft/15W Match of Dunc: you i it“ “VIP
have Attit-i'icas ciiiidrcii iiom ililiil ticit'cis, pot as they
tiic liciiig saved today from crippling by polio.

ioiii'tiitmitittcti 0F DIMES

UINIH Utl‘tlllb - ANIHHIllb

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 6, 1959

Wrestling Team in Dire Need of Ma’rmen isms

By J.V.D. desire to play the. game, and learn
, H ' _ it, for his own sake and to gain
States Valsmy W1 95mm; team the satisfaction of aiding the team-

maY be forced to Open the 59515.0“ not because he feels that he is do-
against Cortland December 5 With mg the team a favor
as few as six men. two short of a ‘
beam, as a result of the failure of Varsity coach Joe Garcia has only
many upperciassmen to come otit six men to fill eight positions. He.
for the sport. and ctr—captains Don Warne and
There is no doubt that they, and Mike Kessler, can't do miracles.
most fans, want and deserve win- There is the talent in this college.
ning teams. There is satisfaction, The door is open to any who feel
on the part of the athlete, in i‘cp- that they can do it, or are willing to
resenting his college in competition. learn. There is no room on that
Yet he must do so with the spirit of team for those who feel that they

are doing a favor to come out for
a sport; these men are worthless.
What the team needs are men who
are willing to learn; men who feel
that they can give of themselves
to support a varsity sport because
they are part of the picture of in-
tercollegiate athletics.

if any il]il).‘l'Cizii§sllif‘ll feel that
they want to come out, there is all
the opportunity in the world: stop
in at the physical education offices
and see coach Joe Garcia for more
information.

 

 

Dr. Johnson

bu, 1/ it hos/rt got
Lt ham l

(lid lit. \ini ii.t~ door it again iiiotipiil
ill‘ tilllliill.ll\ tip to date in il'llll‘ oi
inodcin \\ ill‘itili u~;i;,1c.

\\ illhllnl  iti' too ,!i \l|;.'il|t‘llt' with
i' 1|ch iiii-nd on our cod and .i \\ i‘c man
on iili'itiiil‘l.

'I'anlc - I.. ll 11 “int lil‘i tililltil> input:
aloud and \\ tic-ion .‘llliiixt‘l e i‘iipt).
Filler-Iticnil Iil’lri iii) who. \ happy
tnatii.i:-co| all and ~t It‘lli «xi trill, iniid,
iiitltiliiii (oliiit't'tm aic .iillnll\ scict lcii.
iilt'ii ~t'icnlllii'aii) liltilt'>~t'ti iui ilili‘l'

Slogan i

“om cll

I‘illlli\i|l;.'l

"There is nothing which has yr

 

got it .’

io'ztz'ini, ii. ling.
lasliw pooti ili\l' a ('iuatcllc ~iiotiid). :\
stair-inciii oi ili~pulcti ptammar lint uii-
tlllt"lil||ll'li iiitl.

From i'it'iiil r. ii. (llN'ti in (oojunciion
\tilii iiil‘ jilt'Iitreliltill Milli”).  ilt' ~~i't‘iltill
of a iiilci' ilyatcllc \tiicic if it hasn't
got ll. ll ii.i>ii‘i IL'Ui ll. \iro. lilt‘ .‘t'tiilill
llial ('otinl~. iilt' rt-t'lion \lill'lt‘ t'\t'iti~i\t:
i'iilt‘l-iiit'titi l\ in iii‘ itillllli.

(la
put \\ilti i‘.li\\il\‘ii.lll;1ill}.’ .iltillliti it)
liliijll' \\ inslon~ lioin you.

'I IN'l'Il ('Hllll‘ll‘d'tl by mun

- . ~ I 77'
by which so much happiness is prothu ml . . .
linsucii‘s Hie of Ur. JoliiisoiiJ of. I, i‘iipc 030

il ) lilll‘iilll)> ltlllliitUiti \‘i’lNﬁiiON ‘iAllM N r.

turns another (lit-"gilll't phrase:

it there,

Winston

'ttr'i» \ilixililllll‘ lot it

 

 

 

PAGE 5

 

Le’r'sGivethe Soccer
Team a Break

By JOHN MODDER

When was the last time you, you there sitting in that
corner behind the textbook, supported a soccer team? You
do know that we have a soccer team and that we play our
home games at Bleecker Stadium?
Don’t You! Well, we do. In my
opinion we have 31 hieg competent
team, one that has the potential to
win. However the popular opinion is
that they lack spirit. Who’s fault is
that? Some one has to give them
that spirit; that's your job, yours and
mine. When boys like Merle Miller,
Bill Thompson and Dave Frank go out and play, they are
not out there just to play for fun, or their own personal
glory: they are out there to win for you and the college.

' Last week the students, includ-
ing myself, insulted the soccer team
and their efforts against Bridgeport
when only seven of them showed up
for the game. With attendance like
this, why should the team go out

. there and really ﬁght to win. You
_ don't really care. You mind when
they lose; you complain; it bothers

 

    

Dave Frank

 

Merle Miller
your latent college loyalty. Why should the team care if
you don’t! Should they be the only ones concerned with
the honor and glory of old SUCE? I don’t see wkhy. After a

number of times you tend to lose
sight of the cause. This team has
exceeded its number of idealistic at-
tempts to win. Why don’t we stop
being complainers and be supporters.
Give the soccer team something to
ﬁght for! Statistics show that we
packed Biecckcr Stadium twice in
two years; both times we won. 05— Bill Thompson
wcgo 6-1 in ‘58 and Pitattsburg 4-1 this year. Both times
they had something to play for and someone to cheer them
on, Let’s wipe last weeks insult off the books and show
them that we are behind them. The only way we can do
this is to attend the last soccer game of the season against
Montclair at Bleecker. See you there.

AMIA It‘liti’l‘BAlJ. ROUNDUP

Old Man upset visited Veteran‘s Field this week. KB
will never forget this past rainy Wednesday when Sayles
Hall with the help of that grand old man, Mr. Upset and
Gary Pcniicld edged by them 7-6. This victory by Sayles
eliminated KB of all chances of cupping the Football
League.

The Big games this week pit Potter Club against SLS;
APA-KB; and Men‘s-Potter The Potter Club—SL8 game
will be played this Sunday at 2:30.

ALI. STARS (ilt‘ THE WEEK

Offense: RE, Dailey (REP); RG, Ellis (KB); C, Altman
(REP); LG, Mitchell (KB); LE, Mann (Humps); QB, Nolan
(EEP); RHB, Lynch (KB); LHB, Call (EEP); FB, Micko—
vich (Mcns).

Dci‘cnsc: RE, Gilbert (KB); RG, Feldman (APA); C,
Syniula (Humps); LG, Corcura (Goobcrs); LE, Penficld
(Sayies); BLB, Kafka (EEP); MLB, D‘Angclico (Men‘s);
LLB, Nicholson (APA); S. Miekovich.

AS 1 SEE [’1‘

State 3, Monteiair 1.

Potter 18, 81.8 6.

APA 13, KB 6.

atom 7/w gym/Ltd .‘bedé

i

 

lly .l.\'.l). tainly uhown the league what
i’t'ii boon-rs closc currcnt cam— rcal iootbal) looks like , . . Isn't
paizm tomorrow .ll lilcct'kci' . . . it .i sliainc “1‘ don't have goal

(iartiaiiicn ctlgcd saiiit' Moniclaii' posts so tennis can kick that all
il'iiiil lii titt'l'illlll‘ lili'liit'i' last year unportani csira point . . . maybe
. H.1‘illt‘illiii'l‘ llank Bot-linings i‘\t'll the field goal could become an
[icing :oal in that fray . . . oiI’insiyc \icapoii . . Lou (‘all is
l’t-d urapplcrs h:.\c begun l'i')-’.lll:il' surciy a master oi a long lost art~
workouts . . . Outlook is still a lib}. dripkickinp . .
question mark . loss of Joe Hill l-‘ltUHil H'l‘liii. ilAVltI A CHANCE
\iili i)l‘ icli hemih . Can i):l\l‘
i’.tti.~.t- display the iorm iit‘ had
\thcn ilt‘ was a ircsliinaii . . . Warnc
and Kt‘nhii‘i' uic Icaiii ('il~t'iljilitlllb.
ilaskcthail situation is optonnsiic
. licparturc oi liohtay, licardon,
iitt\\.ii'ti. llau hit and Baumcs
ii-aics illtlii‘h ior a (nod season in
hands of nianjy unscasoiicd haskct~ , ..
ii-rs . , . (‘ohcn and t‘aptani Join). A I. .
:on to form nuclcns oi \iiii) . t' a. a  ‘
Alter two seasons as an assistant,
:\1 lialiliio‘ait/ iiio\t‘.~i tip to posi—
tion oi hcail 1"i‘t'hilliltiil coach . .
AMIA football has very success— 1 » !
iui tainiiaian . . . Potter is still on ‘ . "At

out m, “is?

 

top . . Kl} prayed to be biggest 'i m - r.  . ;
top . Vic [\lh'ktn'it'ii has eer- y, ~,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

