PAGE 8

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 23 1959

 

The Facade 

By DAVE FELDMAN .

Dear Mommy and Daddy,

How are you? I am ﬁne. I know
I always start my letters this way
but that makes it easier to begin.
Anyhow, I wouldn't want to change
because I‘m really afraid the shock
would be too much for you.

I’ll bet you're surprised to receive
a letter this way. in the newspaper
I mean, but I had to write to you
and also I had to write a column,
(you see the editor's a beast and gets
mad if I don’t and beats me), and
this is killing two birds with one
stone. Figuratively speaking, that is.

This is mid—semester test time.
That means you either study and
outguess the teacher. or merely out-
guess him. I’ll try both.

How is everyone at home? Does
Susie have a new boyfriend yet?
(You see dear reader, I have a kid
sister that I really love and I have
to look out for her.)

There is nothing new here at
school. Everyone is busy doing the
same thing, you could almost say
it's their favorite hobby. They are
all busy complaining. Nothing is

 

However, in true State College
fashion they do nothing about it.

I guess I’ve said enough. Write

soon.
Love,
Dave

Parent's Day Set
F orN ovember I 4

Preparations for this year's Par-
ents Day have been launched, an-
nounce Sue James and Jack Lewis.
Juniors, co-chairnicn of the even-t.

The various activities of the day
will take place in the Pierce Hall
Engel Room and the activities rooms
in Brubacher; this being the main
change from last year.

The heads of the variaiis commit-
teeswiil be as follows: Open Houses,
Fran Pavliga; Coffee Hour, Gail
Rogers; Faculty Arrangements, Dick
Nottingham; Publicity, Fran Liston,
Juniors. Programs, Angie Castag-
nello '60; Business, Fran Organi-

done right. They could do it better. ciak ’61; Set-Up, Audrey Hurd.

 

 
  
 

  

SPECIAL
SCHOOL OFFER

     
 

Parker
SUPER"2P’

Pen

  
   
 

\$\\\‘
, FREElmmi

 1i PURCHASE

    

The biggest fountain pen voliio
over offered money brick if
you urcii’tcomplcloly iiutisfiod,

I’RODUCTS of ‘l' HIE PARKER I‘LN CUMI’AN'I

IIAIJAHl’li’liJN
Saturday, ()(‘Llllit‘l‘ iii
Cards and Party Decorations
at the
(EU-(11“

 

Prices
SIASHED ,

up to
5&6
on

BOOKS

and

PRINTS

at the

CO-OP

 

 

 

NEWS Compiles Weeks Notices

The following are the compiled
notices affecting the student body
this week.

Lockers

Richard Sauers, Assistant Profes-
sor of Physical Education, an-
nounces that there are still some
lockers available to the male stu-
dents at State.

Interested persons should contact
Sauers in his office in the Page
Hall Gym on Wednesday between
1 and 4 pm.

Placement

Clinton Roberts, Director of
Placement, announces that all Sen-
iors and graduate students in the
field of Business Education are to
register for interview; this coming
week, Monday through Friday.

It is also stressed that all Seniors
must see Roberts in the near future

to complete their folders in time for
the beginning of interviews.

Absences

Excuse cards for absences are
available in two places at the college
announces Elmer C. Matthews, Asso-
ciate Dean of the College.

All upperclassmen and freshmen
on probation are to file excuses in
D 105, the office of the Dean.

All freshmen (except freshmen on
probation) file excuses for absence
cards with Robert K. Munsey, Di-
rector of Housing, in D 111.

DUAL FILTER
DOES IT!

lt filters as

no single filter can
for mild, full flavor!

 

lit .v\I. till I I(

POPULAR
FILTER
PRICE

HERE'S HOW THE DUAL FILTER DOES IT:

 
 
  
  

 

I. It combines a unique inner tiller of ACTIVATED CIIARCOAI. ...def_i‘-
nitoly prgygdto make the smoke of .i r igurelle mild i'lllil smooth . .z

2. with an efficient pure white outer tiller. Together they bring you the
re.i| thing in Ilillfllit  and line lobm r o tunic!

 

Ta re

p, r\
I'rurlurt 0] J1. 6 5(mu'xmi i/t Jr/u'to Cirrus)”;

  

ton

., n , , n
J/duu-u u ill“ midi”: mum rm. '1'. Co.)

   

State College News

 

 

2-464

Hamilton ‘

. Hamilton Discusses University,
Family, School, College Football

By niivn) FELDMAN

Monday afternoon I talked with Dr. Thomas Hale Hamilton, the President of the
State University, in his comfortable and modern, though not modernistic, office at Thur-
low Terrace. We discussed such subjects as his scholastic background, his family, his

ALBANY. NEW YORK FRIDAY. OCTOBER 30.

1959 VOL. XLIV. NO. 21

Pierce, Brubacher, Alden

Schedule Formals Tomorrow

The time for annual Dormitory Formals is again upon
us! Pierce, Brubacher, and Alden Halls will hold their for-
mal dances tomorrow evening from 9 pm. to 1 arm. Soft
lights and music will set the scene for a gala of pretty girls,
pretty dresses, and handsome escorts.

The Pierce Hall formal will be held in the logic Room,
announces Barbara Clapp ‘61, Vice-President. The theme
of the dance is “Autumn Enchantment,” with music pro-
vided by the Phil Foote Orchestra.

 

views on a university education and even college football.

Dr. Hamilton, who throughout the one—half hour long interview puffed relaxineg
on a big pipe enjoys talking about the role of the university and often quotes Saint Au—

gustine on this subject. Dr. Hamilton believes that the university is to be concerned with

knowing, not “feeling or willing.” He said that the public university, even more than

the privately endowed one, should have a symbiotic rather than parisitic relationship
with the society, each working with the other for the good of both. Or as St. Augustine

Slate for Rivalry Announced;
Frosh Continue to Edge Sophs

wrote: “No man has such a right to
his case iiiid his contemplation as
to forch his service to his neigh-
boi'."

He believes that the health of the
university and the society are
"weighed in the same balance.” In
view of this, one of the responsibil—
ities of the university is “to bring
knowledge to the citizens."

Dr. Hamilton stated that higher
education for the majority of the
people of the state is a problem.
However he feels that such institu-
tions as the liberal arts colleges and
the community colleges are helping
to solve this problem.

Dr. Hamilton told me that stu—
dents who enter any tcachcrs’ col-
lege and then decide not to teach
have a decision which only they
face. “I feel,” he added, “for ii stu-
dent to attend one of these colleges.
knowing in his own mind that he
doesn‘t want to teach, is wrong."
State (‘ollegc

The conversation then turned to
State College. Expansion for this
school, Dr. Hamilton explained, is
currently under study. With enroll-
ment continually increasing, as is
expected, we will certainly iiccd new
facilities. How they will be iittiiin-
cd, and wherc they will be, Dr. Hum—
iltoii did not say. As for football, he
said that he enjoys the sport, but is
happy to be without its moments.

The inst siibjci-t We talked about
was the tciu'hci‘. To be It good teach-
cr, Dr. Hiiiiiilton fccls, is it matter
beyond knowledge of the subject
and (‘(lll('illl(lll‘.ll principles. t is it
iiiiittci' of thc tcaiclici's‘ scll’ i'cspcct

and his respect for the students so
that the teacher attains rt certain
human dignity which neither teach-
cr nor student will violate.
Education

De From University was the
scene of Dr. Hamilton's first high-
er education studies. There he re-
ccived his AB. in 1936. Following
this he worked in private industry
for a. few years, but returned to a
scholastic lii‘c upon entering the
University of Chicago. He received
his MA. there in 1940.

Thereafter he bCCIlch an instruc-
tor oii Government at Lawrence
College with a salary, he told me,
of $1800 per year. He later became
the Assistant Dean of Admissions,
Pliiccmeiit and Public and Alumni
Relations there.

This was followed by three years
its on ofl'iccr in thc Navy and it re-
turn to Chicago where he received
his Doctorate on the governing of
universities.

After this, Dr. Hamilton held ad-
ministrative and teaching posts at
University College (it part of the

University of Chicago), Clliltlltllll
College in Pittsburgh, iiiid until

1959 was associated with Michigan
Siiitc Univcrsity its Assistant Dean,
Dean of the Iiiisic School, Director
of Summer Session, and finally Vice-
l’i'csidciit of Acudcmic All’uii's lili-
til August 1959 when he became
President of the Stiitc University.

Dr. llninilloii is llllll'l‘ll‘tl :iiid hais
two cliildi'in; ’l‘iin, lli years old
who attends the Milnc School, iiiid
Ann, who is the.

SUB Attends College Union
Conference In NYC Nov.6-8

'I‘hc Sliidciit Union lioiii‘d \\lll hc
piii'ticipiuing it"iilll ibis your ill ihc
(Toiii'ci'ciicc oi Associulions ol (‘oI-
Icgc Unions to bc llt‘ltl NIIH'IlllJl'l' ti
through NlHi‘llllu'l’ it in New York
City.

llltl‘l) Hlndi'iil Union, \\llll'll l‘iI)1‘<
Ini: iihhlhlt‘il by (iould Hindi-iii (‘cn—
tci' unit illl‘ {\Ii-li‘opolnuii ch. York
AHII, is IlIl‘ limit. 'I‘Iii' lllll'llllht‘ ol
the conici'cncc is for niciiibci' :-cliools
of thc iiioiociiitioii to Illt‘l‘i logclhci'
iii oi'dci' to discuss iiiiil (lt'H‘ltlj)
llliiilh‘ iiiid Iii'ogi'uins IHI‘ lhc sliidcnl
unions.

'i'liis yciii".s theme is "'l‘lic ('oli
Icgc Union iiiid llic Hliidcnl.“ illlll
"'l‘lio Itcgioii." Discussion groups
have been sci. up to t'|)\‘t'I‘ tlicsc
iiiiiiii Iii-Ids, 'l'hc dclcgiitcs will ulso
llitVU iin opportunity to tour illl.’
Siudciit Union Building oi N.Y.ll.,
(loluiiibiii. iiiid (‘ily (lollcgc.
ltciieflt oI’ (‘oiil'ci'ciicc

one of the hciiclits oi ilic occii~
sioii is thin. the di-lcgiilcs Will he—
come bettci' acquainted with ollici'
student unions. 'l‘llt‘l‘l‘liil‘l‘, t‘ill'll i'c»
spoittlvely Will be iiblc lo lll'iblili‘ll his
ideas and wulcii the. scopc oi his
own board.

The meeting will coiiiciie iii. 1 p in
[“l'ltl‘dy With it bi'icliiig session lob
lowed by the Viil‘liillh discussion
groups. lteniite Sclioeiiicldci' '60 will
he. the cliiiii'iiicii llllll Iliinlt‘l‘lltul‘ of
ii section on "Coiiiiiiitteo lt/cci'uit—

iiiciit :iiiil l’ci'soniii-l i’i'oblciiis.’
l)l‘lt‘;‘,.lll‘.‘\ tllll'lltllll)‘, lllt‘ coiii‘i-ii—
tioii Illi'lililt'. liiiii'i-ii llciily 'til,
.Jiiincs (‘iiioni- m, Hii‘H' Myoliiiski

'till, tillil Itciiuic Ht'lilu'llllt‘lill‘l', 'lio.

Hami/ion Visits
State Monday

'I‘Iioiiiais llzilc llniiiilton, l’l't'hlili‘lll
of the Hiiib- Univi-imui. miikiiii; his
lii'si visit to n collciic rumpus iillci'
hciiiii oiliciiilly iiistiillcd lust night.
\\Ill \isll. Alliiiiiy Hliili- Mondin lie
“I” be iii'i'oinjiiiiiii'd by Ilci‘iniiii
i‘oopci'. l‘iIil'l'llllH' llt‘illl ioi‘ 'I‘czichci'
I‘lilllt'illiilli oi the Hiiiit‘ Ulli\'t'l.‘ill_\' oi
Ncw York.

lilllll'lll‘iill will bc ht‘l'\i‘il to llll'
]Ii|ll‘ on cuinpus II] the i-oiiipiiiiy oi
l‘iHlIl It i‘olliiis, l’l'i'hlill‘lll oi the
Slide Uninci'sity (‘oilcnc of I‘lilll-
cutioii iii Alliiini, iiiid thc collegi-
iidiiiiiiisti'iitii'e council.

Student Iiitci'vIch

Following the luncheon, lliiiiiilloii
:iiid (loom-i" will meet Willi iiicinbci's
of Hciiiiic, Myskiiiiiii, illiil (Iiibliict
in lhc Driipcr liouiigc to iinswm'
iiiiy questions they might have

iliiiiiilion ililll Cooper will iitlciid
it liicuily i'oltcc iioui' iiiid ii gener—
iil lucully iiiccliiig iii the liite iii—
lei'iioon.

Tomorrow morning the Sopho-
mores and freshmen will iigiiin be
battling for Rivalry points. Rain
and poor field conditions caused ii
(-zincclliitioii inst weck of the volley-
biill and football IiillllOS, therefore
they will be played tomorrow morn-

Voters Choose
Semi-Finalists

I’llgllllglltliig Ciimpus Night which
is to be held Saturday, November
7 Will be the crowning of the Ciiin-
pus Queen.

Pi'cliiiiiiiLii'y elections for the

queen will i'liisu today at 2 pm.
Five candidates will be selected
from the list of twciity-eight con-
tcstiints. Senior girls running in
the preliminary clcctioii include:
Jiiiic Alcxuiidci', Cutliy Aiitoiiucci,

l‘lll‘lliltll' Bcci's, Muurccii Boylc, Jtiilll
Ciili, Angie Cristiigiicllo, Miii'ciii Cu—
Vt'llilllLtll. lizilhy Dcliihuiit, und
Slicilii Doylc.

Also: Aim Ficiiiiiig, Allill'l‘j.’ l-liill.
Doiiiiii Hill'l'lH, Btli‘lllll‘il lliibbiird.
’l‘cri‘y Kl'l'\\'lil, Maii'thii Lesick, ltlio—
dii l.cviii, Niiiicy Mctiowziii, Kiiy
()'(‘oiiiioi'. Kaitliy liosso. (‘iii‘oi lins-
c/.,vk. Niiiicy lillll Ryan, Murioii Sil-
\‘l‘l'hlt‘lll, Shirley Htcwiii'i, Moinin
'l'l'uhlillw, Mill‘t'li‘ Vziii lA‘lIH'Il, liolo~
I‘m» Vilil V;ill\'ciiliiii'i:, ltosiilic Wiilsli
iiiid Suiidi‘zi Ziiko

l"IIl.il clci-tioiis will bc hcld 'l‘liiii's—
(lll_\' und li‘i'idiiy :it \\lll('ll iiinc iwo
inls will be sclcctcd 1th :ittcnduiits,
two .is nslii rs liil' t‘uinpii. iii. Iil Itllll
it [[lll‘t'll who will l'i‘lHll ovci' thc
rumpus loi' oiic yciii'.

Ailciidaiiiis loi' llll' (jiiccii's court
by the Jim—
ll'i'hlillli‘ll

Ii;i\i- Iiccii lliillllllilll‘il

1oi‘:.. Sojilioiiioi'i-h, :iiiil
’l‘wo will be sclcclcd from i‘ui h class
In illt' i'ldhti jll't‘hltll'lllh, Itiibcl‘l lll‘l‘

\\1,', no itllil llui'i'y l)I.\.ll'l' ‘01.

Holy iippci'cliissmcii ill't' pci'iiiillcd
lo iotc iii the election of illi' (‘niii—
pus Quccli.

Notice

(“1110" Roberts, who is the lil—
I'H'LUI' ol' I’Iaicciiicut, announces
that all Seniors majoring in
Miithenuitics iiiid Scicncc arc to

 

rcg later for Interviews. This
must be accomplished from
Monday through Friday. The

time has been set for rcgislerv
iiig between the hours of 2 and
ti pm. This notice also applies
to the. graduate students who
have majors in these fields.

It is “150 strcsscd that all
Seniors must see Roberts in the
near future to coiiipictc their
folders in time for the beginning
of interviews

The following girls are chairmen of their respective
committees: Mitzie Pringlc ‘62, Decorations; Barbara Gard-
ner and Mary Dobcck, freshmen, Programs; and Betsy

Ross ‘61, Refreshments.

Chaperones for the event are Ryland Hewitt, Associate

ing at Vctcrans‘ Field beginning at
10 am.
Leaders

(iii'ls' volleyball will be captained
by Nikki Stcin for the Sophomores
illl(l Piiinela Whitcomb for the l'rosli.

Football will be under the lead-
crsbip of Robert Poilei'o '62 and
Jiiiiies Hiiciiliii '63, Rivalry leaders
for these events are Noi‘ccn Nooniin
:ind Donald Doiiiito, Juniors.

The Class of '63 Clll‘lli‘d two points
lust Saturday by winning the Tug-
of-wiir. The class of ’62 ciii‘iicd one
point for its cheering at that event.
Skit

The skits will Illiil'k the close of
Rivalry on November 7. The Frosh
Skit is being directed by Ross Dunn.
Assistant director is Aime Dugiin.
Musical Director is VV‘dliL‘l‘ PCLt'l‘S
iiiid Choreography is bciiig done by
Judy Bl‘t'llllt‘l‘ :iiid Buri'ie Colin.
Sophomores

’l‘lic Soph skit. “’I‘o (loin ii Plii‘zisc“,
is :in lil'lJilltll |)l11_\' by Iiobci‘t Stein-
llilill‘l‘. Sli'lllliiillt‘l‘ is Dircctor iiiid
ltolcnc Miici'iiii is Assistant Director.
liill(lll lit‘\'lilh‘tlll and Judith Nism
lll‘i' iii ('llill'tltlt‘ of i'lioi‘cogi‘iipliy.

Senate:

Professor of English and Mrs. He-
witt, and Edwin Lawson, Associate
Professor of Psychology and Mrs.
in.\vson.

Brubachcr Formal

Brubiichcr Hall will hold its for-
mal in the Bi'u Lower Lounge. Dec-
(ii'iiiiolls will be styled to the theme
"Oriental Gardens." and music will
be provided by Steve Anthony and
his Bond.

(.iciici'zil cliuirincn for the formal
Ill'(.‘ Vice-Presidents. Sandra King
and Mrii'giii'ct Pfistei‘, Sophomores.

The chiipei'ones are Kendall A.
Bil‘l', Associiilc Professor of History,
and Mrs. Birr; Edvard P. Show.
Professor of Modern Languages, and
Mrs. Show; Donald E. Liedcl, As-
sistant Professor of History, and
Mrs. Licdcl: Merlin W. Hathaway,
Associate Professor of Physical Ed-
uciitioii, Il.li(l Mrs. Hathaway.
Alden lIiiII

Aldcii Hall will hold its formal in
thc Aldcii Hull Recreation Room.
The theme of this (lance is :‘Shiiii-
gi‘i-lzi.“ The Harry Vincent Orches-
tra will provide the music for the
ei'ciiiiig.

(iciicriil (.‘lltili'llli'll for the evcnt
iii'c .Iiinc SZill't‘k iind Sully Joncs,
Hoplioli‘iiii't'x, Also, Miii'y Ellcii Col-
lins ‘61. ltcfrcsliinciits.

Cliiipei'oiics for this formal will
bc: Duvid Hurtlcy, Dciiii of Mcii.
iiiid Mrs. Hiii'tlcy; and Howard H.
Flil'l‘l, Associiitc Pi'ol'cssor of (im-
i'i‘upliy. iiiid Mrs. Flcirl.

Senate's Adenda Includes
Resignation, NEWS Letter

By BOB

’I‘Iic lll‘Sl item on this \icck's h‘cn-
:ilc il",i‘lltlit \\ii:» the I'l'llillll.‘. ill ii
ii-iii-i‘ o1 i'csignutioii troiii Sciiuior
.lohn Siilliviiii, '(il. l’i'csidcni llcliiig
:iiinouni'cd iliiit ll i'cpluccincnt to
this post will probably hc uppoiiit-
cd by lll'.\'l wcck.

Letter to NEWS

Hi‘lllili' Hciiiiloi' l"li\\li'l’ llicii i‘ciid
ii ll'llt‘l' lo lllt‘ Sliitc ('oIIi-gc Nciis
suggesting: [but it iii'ii'imtoi'y lypc
it‘jiiil‘l ol' .‘w‘ciiiitc pi‘oiccdiiigs l)t‘ Ill
cludcd in the News ciicli neck. 'l‘liis
column should t‘lilit'l‘ :xlliijllt‘lllt'lll or
I'l‘lllill‘l‘ "w present coliiinii Hcliiili'
volcd ti .Ioi‘si- this lL‘IIt'l'.

’I‘ivo columns

This Vt'l'llt‘l‘ lccls that it. would bc
best to how two sc-jiiii'iitcly \vi'itlcii
columns .'(ill('l‘l‘llllli,‘ Sciiiilc ()iic col-
umn should be Written by ii .‘n‘ciiiiic-
iippointcd—or iipprovcd-i'cpoi‘lci' illic
Sci'i'cliii'y ol' Student Association,
pci‘hiipsi. This column would tcll
just whiit liuppciis iit iiicctiiigs. it
would :icluiilly be cxlcndcd iiniiiiics
of thc iiicctiii-z.
l"cotiire iu‘lich-

Another column. which would iioi
l‘i‘jitil't ihc cxrici proceedings, would
('iilillllt‘lll on iiiiy genri'iil or spccilic
ovciits iit Sciiute iiicctiiiss or di-
i'cctly concerning Seiiiite.

Reason

It Would be to the udviiiitiigc of
the whole student body to how ii
report of Sciiutc proceedings. it

Ill'NI‘IKI'l

is not posinli- lo i'o\i-i' zill slili‘r» oi
illi issue in ii ic.iiiii'c :ii'licic, .tllll
Illl' \vi'iici“s .ijillilillih .irc bound to
t‘lll'i'l his story.
Additional business

’l‘hc (‘iiiiip lsill “.15 no: discus-rd.
hilli't‘ llliil'i‘ llllol'llliilloli lh lit'i'ili‘il
Sciiiili- llll'll \oli'd to endorse Illl‘
:iciion oi l’i (inlilllln ;\'lii to choose
l'ijil‘i':»<'lil.ill\i'.s Ill I't‘ill'l‘.‘~.t'lll Hlihl-
ciil .‘\.\.~.oii:ition .it the (‘onlci’ciii'c
ill Sliidinoi'c.

Notice

'I'hero \iill be it i'ulllpulbul‘y
meeting of all organization
treasurers on 'I'iiesdiiy at 7:30
run. in lh‘uhuchcr, to claw”)
the submitting of reports, zin-
iiouiiccs .Iiiiiics Doughci'ty '61.
Vice President of h‘liidciil As—
MM'IIILIIHI.

All reports for the first per-
iod iup to October 356) must he
submitted prior to this tin-cling.

The names of organisations
not attending the meeting will
he reporter! to Strident Senate.
Senate will take any necessary
action.

Since this is the first time rc-
puris are being used. there is an
cxcus‘o for the present confu-
sion. 'l‘hcrc will he no excuse in
December.

 

 

