 

 

  

PAGE 2

Pick a Number. . .

Once again an amendment to Student Association
Constitution to change the requirement for President and
Vice-PreSIdent of SA has been proposed. Once again the
usual picayune reasons for and against will be advanced.
And once again the most important point will be almost
completely lost in the legislative mumbo jumbo.

One fact remains most important; we need more inter-

ested students running for these positions. There are many
interested and capable students who just could not run in
the past few years. They could not run because they did
not have the proper average. Student Association will
have more students running it the average is lowered, or
done away with. Now then, is that clear? Does everyone
understand?
‘ We note with great interest that Union College is hand-
ing out scholarships not only on the basis of pure scholar—
ship, but for school leadership as well. The theory behind
this is that school leaders contribute as much to the school
as Phi Bets. Also, it is accepted that if one can manage to
keep a passing average and still spend much time in extra-
curricular activities he is a good risk for a scholarship.

We would be the last to say that this school should
follow what others say, at least not on blind faith. We do
say, however, that others besides ourselves have good ideas.
Certainly we agree that it is very difﬁcult for a person who
spends much time working with extra-curricular activities
to keep his marks up high. The fact that any person could
be so involved and still stay here bears witness to his abili-
ties, both leadership-wise and scholastically.

We do not mean to insinuate that any of the previously
elected Presidents or Vice—Presidents were not good people
for the job. There might have been better people around,
however, who could not run. If so, we have made a mistake
in not letting them.

The people who could get hurt by this mistake are the
members of SA. Likewise these are the people who can
correct it.

 

D.E.F.

Coffee, Anyone? . . .

Myskania consists of thirteen members of the Junior
Class who are supposedly the best of their class. You, the
student body, elected them for their interest and participa-
tion in extra—curriculars in the past. Now, they are thirteen
capable students, wearing black robes and serving coffee
at the cafeteria painting party. All right, so maybe we’re
exaggerating!

In several weeks you will be asked to vote on an amend-
ment to give Myskania the guardianship of the freshman
class. Vote yes! By giving the guardianship to Myskania,
the most capable group for the job, a system of checks and
balances will be set—up. Thirteen people checking up on
each other will do a more efﬁcient job than two people
checking on each other. They will have to! Politics will
be eliminated if Myskania is in charge of the frosh—no
more appointments.

Furthermore, idealistically these are the students who
have done the most for State in their three years here.
They have the most experience and have proven their en—
thusiasm for activities here at school. Now they are at
their peak, and what do we do? We. retire them! ‘We take
out the most capable people from this very important
school project because they‘re on Myskania; they‘re too old
and capable. ‘

Give someone else a chance. Wiiy'.J For a change let’s I
utilize the leadership we have and not keep it in check
as we have been doing. Where have we kept leadership in i
check? Remember that 2.5 clause in the constitution? 1

MT. ‘

 

l
t

STATE COLLEGE NEWS l

[

ESTABLISHED MAY l916 [

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

i

that.

hllitlt'lil.. .it

 

C’ommunW

To the Editors:

To: Student Body and Faculty of
Albany College for Teachers
Subject: A feeble attempt to express
our appreciation for the great
honor you have bestowed upon
me, and to thank each and every
one of you for the fine gifts that

we received in your names.

It is a sad moment when you
realize that a portion of your life
has passed. It is like the passing of
the time; it can never be lived again
except in memories. I would just
like you to know that the way you
people have treated my family and
myself will give me four years of
memories to live. over and over
again throughout my lifetime.

It is further my greatest hope
that in years to come you give the
future teams of Albany the vote of

 

confidence and support that you
have given me. I can assure you
that it is a much more pleasant

task to devote your time and ener-
gies to a sport such as basketball
when you realize that it is appreci-
ated by your fellow students. Let‘s
by your confidence spur next years
team all the way to Kansas City.

Once more I must say THANK
YOU, and may I always be able to
live up to your expectations.

Gary llolway '59
To the Editors:

I feel that your editorial of last
week entitled, “I Want to ’l‘eaeh,"
cannot be passed over lithily. in
the past your editorials have re-
llcctcd some logical thinking, but
this particular one didn't Seem to
lollow the trend.

First of all you state that, "This
is u college for Teachers, not a.
'l‘cachers Collette. It, is foremost a
college and next an institution for
teacher preparation. i think you
have to delve a little deeper than
Just look at all ill~llilllltill5 name
11! order to get at its philosophy. Let
me refer you to page 23 of the
College Catalog which states that,
"This is a state college; devoted to
the education oi young [rich and
women preparing to teach in the
high schools of the state. and shar—
ing this professional purpose.”

Furthermore it you took a. closer
look at. the curriculums oll‘ercd by
the various "Teachers Colleges" you
would observe that they pro\ide just

as much a liberal arts background

for their students as the “College
for 'i'eachcrs.” Albany State cer—
tainly doesn‘t have the Corner on

the liberal arts market.
Secondly you implied in your arti-

cle that coming to Albany to seek
it liberal
Jii,-iili.atioii ior th'lllL; here
not a
consider the purpose oi iiie college
which [stated above,
:iiind
University you would know that iiic
Shite
dents who wish .i
t‘dlltill at low
liiii'ptil' (.‘olii‘HI' .i.‘
loi' that [liii'iiwr‘l'

education is valid
This is
to me it you

arts

\iilid reason
It you under-
tiii- makeup oi the State
has [)1'l:\itii‘(i Ioi‘ liaise Stil-
ili)t'i.ii .ii'ts edu-
coi by isilihlishiiig
l-indiioii strictly

'l'hi. t'liilglililllllt‘, lllliil'illllillill l
eel sort. ol reiuh-s your iil‘.‘.lllllt'lil
"’l‘his slate is not noted lor
ilk-ruin. a superior liberal .ii'~. i-du~
‘tilltiii to its more lllll‘iil.‘<l.l occu—
iunisf' Maybe it .upirior lliit'l'ui
iris education is not olii-i'ed here
it Aiouny, ll.» this t‘tiiit'llt‘ has an-
iihir purpose, but liberal arts stu~
huts are provided tor

i“llliiii_‘,‘ you slide that \\t' incur
io nioiui obiluullon to the State or
o the lit‘ili when we I‘lllt'i' Albany
n Hilli‘ :illliil' you imply that the
Albany have the "right
(inc oi the i)ithil' pi‘lii-

o be ill‘l't'

i-iples ol our lit‘illtit'ldlltf system is

I
l

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP

 

hilt i'i,;lii. imply duties it we hate
ilt‘ rigid to attend a State tolirue

.r l' i ~- ' '
vol XLIV Miiiih l.i, lilo!) N0, 7 \H‘ iiil\l' the duty or moral obliga-
' ’ lioii Iii hl‘l‘ liiil lilt' .l'l' "* '
l ti ‘ .3 r i, I. l , ,1“. “Um ,1“, “I” n h. ‘ i H '3 .i ‘l hits ii
‘lylpiii   , . .. .;... .~,;.. -; .i i i:.  ,; “my “HUM,” i i ll ii.) lll\l. .iiiciii. mime the
, MM 1,, ,._ _, A“; purpose oi its lll\l‘hllllt‘lli is to train
I, I [UM-L! ‘  I ll , ‘ I r “Him” I"! .1” h.“ M“ [(‘iliiil'i-i, ill ol it.» \tlio illit'llti llilb'
.o. u. - i. ,. . I i , .i.i om thmi.‘ .4. “wool. in iiluiion should set our aims to—

fo l'niﬂoi in (‘iiiif
t o l':i.'or ln (,iiiel

l'I'dl .fl' luilltor

.;.oii,~, l~,n.ioi
l'.o. ltmu' on: indlloi ,
iiillne. A1.il’ in' luiiiioi I

 

('i .... ion hilllol'

l. .
'(‘Iiii‘i-Ci it"s'dl'l' . ~ - (.‘o. .h lll’ Spoil.» i‘dlilur

l'utﬁltifilisll'lll' Mite (’ollrge l'iiuto Si-ivirc L

 

hold the Lou! o!
teachers.

u. clul t'l' l/ciis as

Sun I li'i)‘ yours
Donald Wiiaien. (trail
o the i‘.(iiltll'hl

Alter l‘ciiillli.’, J.i.\l \\eii:s paper 1

uoiiid like to .tiio a it Her ol i’lldlbt:

lr .iii t‘-.i't‘ih'lil iob. Your t'tllllllli

l 'i. .i i i, v r: l. - i 4 .mi ii: i ll . ‘ :,. i,’lil,ti rhinos Milli) lb blliii that you pl'odiiii- u
.i h-  i... :.i,,t- i . liriiv ’tiilitil i‘ r  i.  .iiw ~. i I.

i ' it iii 1 i i". l ' ‘ “'

[III 1;,  i :i 1 ' . o m or o:: :i. .i..i r'i’ill. .i. it“ ‘I‘i'iiit ...l!ii.. do not ,( ‘\ “l \ ‘,‘ “1‘, 1M1“ 1, “H”

MM ‘ M“ “wt   V w Vtt'll‘ loony .li‘tii it‘n l (litiill lilt'lllltiii

ill'lt' out i will hunt niyi'll Io llii'ee

1,1455%,“ ll linked spei iln'uliy l ioiilu he

/(,'oiitmiud mi

 

 

Pug/i I, (tofu/Imp

 

 
 

s‘ur‘s COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 13. 1959

 

 

 

/ t    
t l / fig)”

“Next year I've got to get organized—but by whom?"

 

Gammon - Stale/z

By YOUNG-S & Bl'ltMElS'I‘ER

   

  

=5V V '.  
“Did You (‘lose Your Eyes" said Dopey to Bashful

ANNA HAPPY
“Ven I Valse." tha ha hai "There Ain't No Flies on  the ho hoi

and “It's Good to Be Alive!" That music just keeps l'lliillilli; lili'lillL‘h my

head, fellows. Yes. I‘m going to see it, so I can learn the right iha ho

words. Dopey, “Roll Yer Socks Up!" and let's play "Chess and Cill‘tiil 

at Page ttce—hcei Hall!

lil'LL DOI’EY

Da . . . it wus a reel treet 4 me to visit State Cullinge. living a.» 
I'm Dopey ther wus lots of things I did‘t understood. One of dein \I‘li.\ .i
iiillection of bright shiny thincs arund ilie wholes at the ends oi ii.i'
lurt'.‘ stodent goof-off area in Bruinbliker. I il>kt‘(i one of the iiitjilli
ther and they >(‘tl thes ihinus wer fireplace accessories. and they all
brandy nuw this yeer. Noone has ever seen a fire in the fireplace bio
I gues their iher 4 sum reeson but I'm to Dopey too understood
I‘d ruther M’l'll sum pitchers on the wall.

()l'li Ll'l‘TLl‘I BASIH’I'L

I was thinking slop glaring at me. Cirumpy!»why isn't Senate, 
oh gee, I'm embarrassed! But why isn‘t Senate set up liki- Myskarri
I mean with its own chairman. I don‘t see why it hasn‘t been like thit
all along. I mean. gosh. after all ihe president is president ol SA, not
only of little old Senate. I know he's getting $300, but I still (hint: tho
he could do $200 worth of administeringwand do it better il he wen L'
all bogzed down with Just. one branch of uovernment. Besides, [ilt'
way, Senate wouldn't be a dooi'inal, or ii iltiXillL’ ring either.
Ll-I'l‘HARGlC SLEICI’Y I

I wish I could stay (yawn! awake longer I tyawni wanted to no t I
tyawni the SEANYS meeting Monday iyawni, but I tell ash-cl) in rim
iyawni library Since this it student l)l‘()il“~1s'ltillili tvawni teachinzz tile“
liumi organization I could have probably iyawni learned sonn-thiir- about
the work tyawni they're preparing people :yawni for. I guess ryiiwni
most students are like me Iyawni since there wi ren‘t very «yuwni loud
at the meeting. 'I‘here‘s iyawni always ii lot oi us that ivuwni o n‘
wake up until it‘s too illit‘. iyawni 'nite. ~
LEARNED I)()(‘

Well now. in my considered opinion, what this H'liool needs is i
good he bottle of llnicaps and an Ace Bandage. A little psyt holoin iii!"-
a little mental discipline there. and who needs :1 vacation? No one 
isn‘t in the Revue cast. on the News stall, in a "group" or doesn't :~ltit|f~'
Aside from a few cases of mono and .~iiioker's cough, 1 can .ui-e no i‘tli't'h'
of your going from Christmas to Plaster without it break What's thy
matter with you hvpochondriacs. anyway?
ALLERGIC SNl'IlC'llY .

Ac—ihew cxcire me but the reason l‘ni .‘sini i-l'.
ale to paint . :ich-chew As I iiiider:i;iiio it
this shit! i)l'lll", thrown :lllillll(i Saturday.

is iiilulll l'ni .ili~i
'ill'l't‘ in ill? be in? ii
Yellow, brown .1“! or ii. «'

souni‘ line. but won't tliiv clash with the color sihcini- o! the trill
(fluid llll'il those luinous luillllt rs (‘H, AI’A. Kl). i‘l'fl’, etc iov e and «Ni
ii ihe i(.ill1i)ii\\' Htitilll.
lt.\ll<li.\ll (iltl'Ml’Y

ll.id ii. wt up a! ll itti Hdiltiil) liltil'llllit.’ ti. ,o. \\l'ii ilo» 'llillil Mi! '“
l‘iil-l-1ili l).iii'.»i-;iil oh, ‘.-iu know the i)t'ii\|'l' tiiiii'lllllliill lion i on it

it \\«i 11‘l bird. .\o|l lilioti hi“ the l' iusiic spots :iie Soil/2 would l.i'.i

lined 1! it own dwirii- would u:i ll Mliit‘ill‘, ii illl‘i’ili [Lily io ll‘. 1' 'w
\iiih l‘lillllltil' 'inll'i‘. u new >~iii\t‘ lilt' works! (‘.in'i .i\ :i. l t'iiilli"i>"
.iiliiiini, lo the .oiu] .‘d't‘ll'l'. pri li,1- [,H._i,(lp(. “MHW WM,“ \ ,m- i;.v..
iiollii's \ouin lllilli. ‘win dipiiimiioii, your 'ilillllllilill‘ wilt, rill“

illti)lililt‘.\
'.’ QI‘ICS'l‘lUN (il-‘ 'l‘lll'I WHCK
is our New (iil‘i Snow White"

Co/iege Calendar

FRIDAY, MAIN ii iii

1.00pm Junior t‘lu:~« {\Ii'l'llli'
il‘titi pin. Sunni l‘hi Hieinii
SA'l‘l'ltliAY. i\l.r\lt('ll ii

i titl pin. illil'lttliit"'lilit' iii'idce 'i‘olii‘iiM'. lli'ubui'hi-i'
8:30 pm. Suite (mill-gr Revue, l'iige liuil

‘liAY. MAN”! 15
3—5) p in l’si (lamina
MONDAY, MAlit'll iii
’1 1m pni, ’i‘i'youts ior Legend l-or Lovers, Richardson ifiil.

it it!) pin iﬁeta Zeta (,‘ollee liour ioi' tinciiizi Lambda Sieiiiu
'l'l‘lu'SliAY, MAR”! 17

’1 litl pin, ’l‘ryoiits ior Legend For Lovers, Richardson 2!)!

7:30 pm. l’l‘iiiicr lvleeling, Ul'llililt‘ill‘l'.

it no pill. Alpha Epsilon .uid Kuppu Pill Kappa .loini lVli'i'lth’. 151'”
ii lit) pin. ()ral Interpretation, Draper 349,

 

 

lint l(
()iit‘l.

('iiii'lt int
House.

 

Open House

'l'lll “SHAY. Mi‘UH'll It)

7 lit) pin.

llt‘fi prerents Beauty and the Beast, Draper 349
7 3!) p in

Outing Club Meeting, Brubacin-i

 

   
    
   
  
   
    
  
   
     
  

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 13. 1959

 
 

Spring Has Sprung - The Grass Has Riz —

I Wonder What That Odor Is? [ ? I l . . . ( I)

As I was creeping past Page Hall
the other day (saves wear and tear
on my white sneakersi, I detected a
new and exciting aroma. I have a
very keene nose ibesides that I
smell pretty welli. Toe odor was
very similar to a perfume one of my
old girl friends used to wear. Essence
of Sheep Manure. By Godfrey iwlio
is the moose, (iodi’rey'ﬂ Anyway,
by Godfrey, it was sheep manure.
After four 1. ears. :1! State, one is able
to differentiate between the diller-
ent types oi inaniii'e that are spread
around our Alum Man-r in huge
quantities tiiol. all of it can be
used as fertili/er.i
Ali. Spring

I jumped to my ieei, plunging my
white sneakers into several feet of
Albany's mud and State's sheep
manure. ’l‘his .iroziia! mud can only
mean one thing! How keen! shrewd
my mind is. thanks to my brief ten—
ure tare you -I‘l‘llill.\‘l Hi dear old
isobi Stile. Sprint: has sprung, or
at least is springing,

o/‘

3:

 

itiicmft:

 

  c- to 
They said nobody
could. do it...

  

 

By GUS TILLIVIAN

Spring. the glorious season that
follows winter, is the season preced-
ing summer, What a keen, lewd, I
mean shrewd mind. Soon, I will be
able to detect the signs of spring 011
the campus, Frat pins will be at a
premium. Rings will, or rather are.
changing hands in large quantities.
Just. add tape to make up the dif—
l‘i l'(,ll(’l‘ in size or buy a cheap chain.
01' course you could get romantic
with il big girl, or a little girl with
big hoids, to avoid the messy tape.

Evidence

’ihe :iirs in Siiyies parking lot do
not have the motors running, at
10:30. (Watch out fellows, the

\‘.lll(iU\\'.\ are not frosted any more)
The d.iie roan» will only be occu-
pied when it is raining or Dorm
I‘ield is mercrowded.
('ut (‘lasses

Hpi'lliJ. the season where we can
blame our cuts on spring fever iii-
siead oi cold weather, pneumonia.
and sore throats. Spring. the season

5

“They said it couldn’t

 _
taste to it]

 

of formals, and increased rates at
the Wellington. Music. soft lights,
refreshments, and no sheep manure.

And ltomanec

Ah yes, Spring, the season of ro-
mance. but then summer isn’t so bad
unless you have hay fever. Autumn
has its roinantical advantages also,
when the frost is on the pumpkin
, . . Winter, nr'1i1, how can you get
l‘iillliillih‘tll iii the snow and slush.
Arch!

Buy Now. Pay liillt‘l‘

So boys, get your pin now and
avoid the rush. When the lighter
fitting. more revealing spring dress-
es plus an increase in bermuda
shorts hit the scene, your it gone
moose You fail to notice the faint
odor of moth balls and the not so
faint odor of sheep manure, and say
husta iii i'istu to your jewelry. Would
someone please help me out of the
mud before softball starts. Beat it
Iover, I'm not :i Ir . . .

 

 

  

 

The Facade

By DAVE FELDMAN

Though there is not one shamrock
in the entire Albany area, I feel
that it is not necessary to remind
everyone that St. Patrick's Day will
arrive Tuesday.

This brings to mind a discussion
that I had with a very interesting
man whom I met while celebrating
that anniversary last year. I shall
attempt. to relate what he told me
in his own Words.

"Many years ago when I was livin'
with me Main and Puppy on the
.ld sod." he said. "me Puppy told
me about the wee leprechauns. He
:wore to me 'twas the truth that ii
ye put a Lottie of Irish whiskey in
pint will do, mind ye, not ii full.
(Illll‘il on yer door stoop the eve oi
Pudil'.‘s Day, diirin' the night sure
and one ol the little tellers will
Sitali up and swipe yer bottle. Then
he'll run like the divil himself was
:iiter hiin.

"’l‘l‘en _‘.‘i‘ should be tiikiii' yersell
li'oni yer hidin' place and dash off

  
   
  
  

 

   

(.Mp . w“:

"LS‘M is kindest to your taste because liM combines the two
essentials of modern smoking,” says TV’s Jack Lescoulie.
LOW TAR: L‘M’s patented filtering process adds extra filter fibers electro-
statically, crosswise to the stream of smoke . . . makes 12M truly low in tar.
MORE TASTE: L‘M’s rich mixture of slow burning tobaccos brings you more
exciting taste than any other cigarette.

iIiIVEMODERN...CHANGE T0 MODERN IlM

 

 

lickety split after him." When ye
catch the teller be sayin‘ ‘Lepre-
chaun. Leprechaun, give me your
gold!‘ (For of ye catch one 0’ ‘cm
when they been stealin' ye are al-
lowed to have their gold).

“The Leprechaun will tell ye 'But
sure and I have no goldl' But if ye
shake him a bit he will say. ‘Sure
and it's caught me ye have—stake
me gold.‘ Then ye tell 'im that ye
don‘t want his gold and sure and
he'll be so grateful that he'll be
i'iviii' ye good luck the rest of yer
lll'e.

"Well." the man continued after
.1 long swallow. "we soon moved to
this land and me first Paddy's Day
here, sure and I leit a bottle on me
stoop.

"Sure enough. that night. after I
had been hidin' ineself for hours an'
hours I spied ,i wee fellei‘ sneaking
up to the house. He grabbed that
bottle and lit olf like the very divil
was right on his heels; and me fol-
iowin' behind him.

"I caught him by his collar and
turned him around sayiii’ ‘Lepre-
L‘ildllll, leprechaun, give the yer
goid!‘ Well. I got me first good look
ill him and what are you supposin'
i saw‘.’

“Why sure and 'twas nothin' but a
Green Street bum a ti'yiii' to swipe
me precious Irish whiskey!"

I slid off my stool. greatly disil-
lusioned. but with a great desire for
mine Iriin whiskey.

ln’rerpre’rers
Offer Varied
Selections

A program of selections ranging
from the Bible I ) Auntie Mame will
he oilered Tuesday night by the
tiilha in (and Interpretation of Lit-
t‘lllilil'l‘

Headers

Rt'utilllti \\lii be Dorothy Davis ‘59
i't'zltiillt: The Prophet by Kahlil Gib—
l.‘.'i, she '.‘.'lii ilt‘ ciidt'iit‘ti by Vir-
.’l.'.l.l Sioudl. thud student Sheila
l‘ i:h.iiis :3!) \‘.lil lead ll‘tiill the Book
of Ruth. (lll'lt'i‘ti bv Dolores Dore.
(irud ~iiidi-nl
(iii Tilt‘ Lillillt'l' Side

.\t't‘llsliillll‘li .\\ l .\in by .loliii Ma-
:«ol. lii‘ii‘.‘.' ‘.‘ iii he illil‘l'lll't'll‘ti ii},
(Kohl ii iii .iicn.. i: i l hid i)\' Ell/-
ui/ iii 15! i‘..l. h ’1‘ Hit .l lilllil':i. “'11-
!i -in (in illi “ i h  duo '« d Frank
i‘iizli‘.’ ‘71i.:i'lieieoiin o: ii.llll
t‘i’luhi :l‘.’ '1 ll“ ()zir.

Jiidl'ii iiiliiiiﬂi!‘ til
:ioin Auntie \iiine :)v l’.i'ri(k ileii-
LAM, .tiii l..i iit‘l‘li iii.i l' ili‘ti iJ)’
lizii'oluxi iilllltllli- i‘d. (il‘uti student

The i'l'llJllf'i‘ in Hui-ll ‘.‘.lil be read

will read

I)“. .J.i‘. Lesiii'i‘ 'tllt, tili'it il‘ii h_\' \Vllll-
Ili'ti Youncs '..il

’i‘hiv ill‘ti‘ ini'ii \\ill in! the second
iiillill“ vi it'.uilil:' bv lill' present
li.t a .lllll ..;ll to- l!.‘ Diaper lHil.

GenessoS’raie

Offers MA

'i 'l‘tutiii'ls (‘ilii'pi
'tiili‘ii piioi iiiih '.l‘.|l'
i.;...n Ii ion Ioi mill-re :l.ill*

‘.'.i‘ii xvi ii to piepdiiv Io: il-
l..l. :iii.l« iii the lilitiili' .‘~lil‘lll:.‘
.-.:iliii ili"‘IIl\ ill HephiLhii’ For--

(iilli it

i.i .il.l.

llilli\ .ii! .i..itu.tn “iii; \\.i.\ doin- in
willllllill' ~e>sions ulnl i-sii-iision
«lurssi- .ii-d ilit‘ﬁl' |)lti:.’l.|llln till!
i 'lllllllil' in he oili'l'eil

(ieni-seo's iiiiisioii oi llibioi‘y ltd-
‘li.llltJil ii at oiiiis sis libraiv educu‘
lioii programs leading to [he bac-
illuui‘cule degree in the graduate
irm (leneseo oilers ionr programs
including the new lull-year iesidenl
.iiopiuni All ol lili'ht‘ piogzriiiiis lead
to the Mid ~iii oi Science degree,

The in .\ pioni'ain is open to col-
lege i‘i'iulihilt‘o but the lirst class
will be limited to 3:3 siiideiiis. 'l‘ui—
iion \\lil oe nee to New York State
iib‘ideiiis

iiiii-irstid giaiduatcs should con-
tact Mi‘s Alice 1) lildei'. Director ol
Library i‘liilli'iillml at Ueiieseo, lor
titllijlit‘il‘ detail,

  

