PAGE 2

Dippikill

Why has State’s biggest white elephant become a dark
horse that may pull through? Why are some people here
at State suddenly wanting to keep Dippikill?

Granted, I’ve never been there, but what’s more I’ll
probably never get there. When a student has a free week-
end he probably can’t get a group of his friends together
to go out and “commune with nature.” Chances are he
would rather sleep, catch up on back work, or go home.
He can see beautiful scenery along the Thruway on the way
home and the food at home is better!

Why not sell Dippikill? With the northway going
through the land ten miles from Dippikill, we shouldn't
have to take too big a loss.

What to do with $40,000 or more? Surplus is easily
spent as we all realize. (Going home for Thanksgiving or
money?) There must be some area up near Thacher Park,
within an hours traveling distance of school where we can
buy a camp site. This could be used by more students and
would be within traveling distance for the almighty Greeks,
sororities and fraternities being the main interest of most
individuals.

You can all laugh but why not give SUB more money
for dancers. More students derive enjoyment i'rom them
than the number of students enjoying Dippikill.

Somewhere I picked up the rumor the Dippikill had
become the hangout of a select few and outsiders weren't
welcome. Nice! Let‘s invest more of our money for some-
one else's pleasure. The principle—it is better to give than
to receive—can be carried too far!

MT.

The Governor Travels

We have been noting with increased interest the ac-
tivities of our Governor in the past few weeks. We feel that
although New York State has seen very little of its chief
administrator, he has been justified in making these trips
out West. Rockefeller is definitely an excellent possibility
for the presidential nomination. But we think that he has
many barriers to break down before he can ofﬁcially de-
clare himself a candidate.

We see the problem this way. in the past eight years
Vice-President Nixon has built up the office of V.P. into
an almost impenetrable stronghold. In the process he
has granted many favors to top Republican leaders and
they feel indebted to Nixon i'or this.

Rockefeller in his past trips has tried to break through
this stronghold and to some extent has been successful.

Barring any unusual happening the next presi—
dent will occupy the White House for the next 8 years;
This is a must year for the Governor. He is 51 years old.
If Rockefeller doesn‘t run now he would be 50 before he
got another clear chance at the presidency, but this is
too old and many things can happen in that time. On
the other hand 11' he does run now and is defeated by Nixon
his political career would be finished.

His only solution is to attack Nixon's stronghold of
supporters now and try to shift them over to his side. If
he fails. he will be finished as a leading contender. He is
now holding up his decision until he can be assured that
he has a good chance.

The Governor has demonstrated his ability to us and
we feel that a man of his ability should occupy the White
House. Therefore we cannot criticize him for his recent
neglect of New York State.

I{.C.G.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSpA Second Place ACP
Vol. XLIV
Members or llii' til-:23}; .‘ ii on. in :~  i .- i. or: ‘.\"‘illii"4llt' from 'I to H
pm M 2.3325, uKLI‘Iluil/Il II I‘nomw ’l’i.i.~.‘r: I. . .Ilo (irinsni 13 'iiJii, Moddcr {III-96H
.- i  l i'. conigi oi in nation at Albuiy,
.I..i by Hm Niwg “MALI for Lin: Student

No i-iiiln 1' 20 10510 No. 24

The tlli(II'I’:§l':iil‘lit"‘ HM rl'w‘l' “l '5"
published every Frill“) “1 11‘" M‘MIII
“WWWL units BUM“)

Itlil'i‘()lt~lN-Cllllﬁl'

A.»me Editor

A .smiate Editor

Feature ldltor

Sports Editor

lama Il-rlotlons Editor

ii . . ..i .. A iii‘iliilng Editor

Corinahoi. and twiningu Editor

r;oi.su.i.mi Sports Editor

Consultant Editor

MONICA ’I'ltASKUS
Iwat’I‘ (il'llSIlAch/I'
BAHRAch humus
DAVII) HELDMAN
JOHN Moinn—Jic
JAMw-l MullUGIl ..
JANE: (IILAIIAM
JANICE GRAHAM
JAMES DOUGHEM’I‘Y
ELIZAuEi'ii SPENCER .. ., . . .  , I 

'I'kl) i'luA‘iKIN . Photos
‘ I j. .. ., -'..- i'vl' .i:.i i..i ' Names

: hi ’i H. ilil I.I-.’.ir. "ii-.‘v‘vS .pon ,.i,i.i:y

.,; o....ni:.. a..o.... . . .«l. - , do hut

   

 

 

__________________..__

 

STATE COLLEGE N'EWS FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 20. 1959

 

(capital KW
By PASQUERELLA and LEWIS

WHY IS IT THAT—they don't
ﬂavor stamp mucilage . . . every-
one is so concerned about cran-
berries; nobody likes them any-
way. . . . State doesn't have a course
in basketweaving . . . we don't have
more space. Student Senate
meets . . . there's not an honorary
for apathetics at State; we could
name it Donta Giva Damma . . . if
Rockefeller is so sure we're going to
double our incomes in ten years he
doesn't give us an advance now?
PALACE

Beloved Inﬁdel—Gregory Peck.
Deborah Kerr—This one is a must
for all you fans who've been waiting
to have your hearts clutched by a
tender tale of unfailing love and
devotion. (Huh?) Peck and Kerr
present a lovely picture as he
smashes her with a chair leg to
prove his faith and loyalty and to
release the tensions which pile up
inside him during his eight hours
a day at the car wash. She re-
taliates viciously by starching the
collars of his wash and wear shirts

and sewing cuffs on his continental
slacks.

After both of these misﬁts are
rejected by their gossiping. suburban
community, she realizes that he is
the only man for her and she em-
barks on a personal crusade to win
back his affections which mean-
while have been captured by the
impassioned voice of a beatnik fe-
male squaredance caller. Every-
thing.r works out fine in the end,
and as the curtain closes we see our
two lovers walking arm in arm along
Times Square on New Years Eve
singing “Auld Lange Sync."

2nd Smash Hitr—Jilood and Steel
mJohn Lupton. Don't miss the big
scene of this tense thriller. a fight
to the death between a Sherman
tank and a mongoose.

STRAND

——30——Jack Webb, David Nelson.
In newspaper talk this means, "the
end" and that just about sums up
this l’CCl.“4’TllL’ fast moving saga
of a small town editor and his ink
blooded copy boy. caught in the
webb of an international cranberry
ring. We‘re not sure what the story
is hch but this Iiick is supposedly
a suspense filled comedy. This is
only an unbiased opinion but we
figure that the greater share of the
suspense is supplied by the audi-
ence wondering whether Dave Nel-
son can last through the flick with-
out. Mom. Pop and kid broiher to
back his play. Of course the humor
is brought in by the fact that Jack
Webb had the guts to star in an-
other movie.

IS [’1‘ TRUE 'l'I’iA'iE-r Ed Vesncskc
and Lu Call strike fear into the
hearts of Iioodluiiis that the
good guys \vin everyplace but in
Albany. . . . Ilollyvvoixl wants to get
hold of ihe him.» of last Sunday's
football ginni- ior "'l‘he Noi'iii Villl
Iirocklin Siorly" . . with all this
pornography iloniing around lt.‘-. al-
mosl impossible to buy a porno-
graph . the writers oi this eol~
umn are inmg on borrowed
time? . . .

 

N oiice

The following request has been
received from the Albany Home
for Children: Men and women
students are needed to do recre—
ation work with groups of chil—
dren on Saturdays and Sundays
from 1—8 p.in. An hourly rate of
H.745 will be. [mid or $17.50 for
the weekend. Any interested
students should contact Mr.
llope at this plume number,
Albany 2-3357.

By action of the Student Seri-
:itc, the State (‘olcge (‘ump lo-
cated at The (ileii, New York,
has officially been closed to all.
Anyone found trespassing on the
property, except with permission
of the Student Senate Commit—
tee concerned with the College
(‘amp shall be liable to prosecu—
tion.

 

     

Small VVIII'I‘IC Elephant—LARGE Cost.

 

\

 Gammon-Stale»;  I

By LEVIN and THOMPSON

 

.1
“First the Tide Rushes In"

MUCK—MERRY

We give thanks for that time of the year—namely, this time. of the
year. The tide of events is such that things are really muddied up. We
don't know whether to blame ihe tide. the full moon. or the mud, so
we’ll give a wearied SKUBIDOO to all that depressin' stuff.

Ebb Tide

 

UNPRECEDEN’I‘ED

We give thanks for 'I'lianksgivhig. The main reason we like the
holiday is for its variation. fine food. and opportunity to catch up on all
our missed school work, (Hath Judging from the number of warnings
the efﬁcient IBM machines have issued. it would be well for seine to
follow our infallible plan. We always manage to study the anatomy of
birds over Thanksgiving, but there's no use rehashing that point. So—
gobbledygook to you. too.
DEMONS’I‘RA'I‘IVE DEMONS

We give. thanks for our friendly eo-students who prove their amica-
bility by conversing on the stairs or in the doorways at the sound of a
bell. Between us we've lost three shoes by stepping in people's back
pockets. It's a long dash from third floor Richardson to third floor
Draper. and the omni—present obstacle course is enough to tick off a
Good Humor man.

TRYING

We give thanks l'or the lovely and numerous cigarette receptacles.
which are usually empty. no bulls about it. It‘s more fun scrouiig‘ing
butts from the floor though. . . . We give thanks for the Milne produc-
tions in our own Page Hall, but suggest that they pick on the spacious
Albany Iiiin auditorium insicad. We anticipate the Milne senior play
as this year's State College Revue, or vice versa.
lN'l‘llOSl’ECI‘lON

We give thanks for coincidental rush parties. and the hours of wel-
come silcnce. Many mutual and fairly important decisions will be made
this weekend. To the bcwitched. bothered and bewildei‘ed~be wary.
Four years is a long illlli‘ to spend with Millll‘illlt‘ you don't like; but
it's also too short it nine to spend wuh those whose friendship you
value. 'I‘IIIMK.
DONE GONE

We give thanks for retrospeciion; it enables us to ('oililili'llt on events
of the past. We know oi no one who was not enthused With the smooth
planning and warm atmosphere of Parents Dav. Aiiendance was out—
standing. which pi'o\'c:. Lllill the irosn hau- that spirit alter all And
the faculty shone by their prescni-e and their association with parent»,
'l‘oppcd by the excellent lheali'ical produciion, which was all we predicted
it would be. it may truly be said that things are looking up.

ICN'I'IIICALLI NU

We give thanks for the annual Sol (‘i‘l' Dance, the “hos “ho exit-n-
:xliill. etc. etc. eu‘. Al ioinoriow llliilllr'.» dancc, we .oe all cordially lll‘
viied to secure \iillllllJll‘ iiiioriimlioii. .\1eei yoin ;.jiiil'lll|:', celebrities. the
member.» of ihe team, and the lenin‘s sen l'l‘l syn-i llll‘.ill As for Who‘s
“ho. it provided the biggesl lilll'll of ihe week when .i potential \olci'
returned :1 blank ballol lii'inllni' sln- (llli not know one out of forty—four
nominees Oh well, hci' ieawn. wire who!

‘.’ OI“ ’l‘llli Wlu‘lili
Will you be giien lhe bird‘.J

College Calendar

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER :51. 1050

0:00 am. li‘asliion Show, lil'll Lounge
SA'l‘llllDAY, NOVI'JMIHSIC til, ISIS!)
Tiillll—5‘100‘pin.‘ Sorority ()ulillll'i i’aiiy.

0:55 pm. "(floss Menagerie", I’ugc.
9.00-12:00 Soccer Dance, "Alinosi I’aimiisc",
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1050

5-8 pm. SLS Open Iiouse. 15:) S. Lake Ave.
MONDAY, NOVlilVllSlﬂll 733, 1959

15:00 pm. Faculty Forum on iii‘udlhiti' Schools.
‘l‘l'liSDAY, NOV L'Mlnilt 24, 1950

ii 00 pin. Oral Interp, l) 340
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 755, [0551

12:00 noon Happy Thanksgiving.

 

 

Ul'll Inning lluII.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 20. 1959

 

PAGE 3

 

 

The Facade

By DAVE FIELDMAN

Thought For The Day: What ev-
er happened to cranberry juice for
breakfast?

Now to get back to somethiig
more serious; that subject we were
discussing last week—the problem
of us.

From all reports no one under-
stood what I was writing about last
week. That‘s terrible! Maybe I‘m
not expected to understand. but you
are.

The greatest problem. as I said,
is that we are. far too concerned
with ourselves and our own spheres
of interest. We have no outside iii-
terest. We have no outside interests
that do not directly bear upon our—
selves. Evcrythng' we say or do has
to do with us personally.

This whole problem has its ori—
gins in Bent-ism. 'l‘he Beatniks
(\"hoever coined that lousy word?)
maintain that they did not create
this awful mess of“ a world in which
they are living and they do not see
why they should try lo fix it up.
The reason why our generaton as
a whole. has been tagged as the
"Beat Generation‘ is that we just
do not seem to care aboui the world.
We consider ourselves beaten by it
and we withdraw into ourselves as
an escape from its problems.

0111' discussions. for instance. rarely
wander into the realm of objective
topics. Listen in on any group sit—
‘r'ing in the Union. the cafeteria,
the commons or whenever snid-
enrs (particular or otherwise) con—
greguie. The subjects we discuss are
usually concerned with the problems
the world has cast on our poor. tired
shoulders. The pronouns I, we. and
us constantly appear.

This is not lo say that we should
spend all our free time in philoso-
phical, intellectual, or world events
discussions. In the first place I
wonder how many of us are capable

 

NOW MORf
I'll/411’ [Vi/1’

 

ornentholiireSh

 

of carrying on such a discussion for
any lenth of time. In the second
place this night become as tedious
as the present bill of fare.

This is to say however, that this
present ‘bea't" tendency is increas—
ing. We are the next generation of
decision makers. The decisions that
we wiil make years i'rom now will
certainly be affected by the ways we
ihink right now.

Ths. I imagine, should all lead
to some answer or solution. Me? I
have no solution. I am not even sure
that it is a problem. How can there
be a problem unless some one is
concerned over something? Probab-
ly that is what is most dangerous.
No one cares. Or perhaps it is just
that we are not aware of these
things at all.

At any rule i't‘ is always dancer-
ous whenever our subjects of dis--
cussion become to narrow. We may
think oi' more important things in
our quiet moments. but it is not so
much we think as what we say.

C.C. Changes
Bulletin Board

J().\('])lillit‘ Pic‘i'ruck ‘60 Grand
Marshal of Campus Commission an—
nounces that the location of the
Student l‘le'llllllLit‘ Bulletin Board.
formerly located by the Co—op with
the Rides Bulletin Board, has been
changed in II new posiion. It is now
located on the same side of Draper
pcrislyle us 'ihe (Jo-op next lo the
girls‘ locker room.

('ounier Use

All individuals and organizations
who wish to use the Student Coun-
ter in lower Draper must first ob—
tain permission from Campus Coni-
mission.

  

   
   

IFC Announces
U pperc/ass Bids
Issued Monday

Don Loopman ’60. President of
Inter—Fraternity Council. announces
that upperclassmen bids will be is-
sued Monday.

Upperelass rushees are asked to
check student mail for notices re—
garding bids. During this period the
following regulations are in effect:

1. Inter-Fraternity Council shall
determine the day and hour when
bids shall be issued and returned.

2. A rushee must have been in at-
tcndahee at this college for at least
one semester prior to date bids are
issued.

3. There shall be no oral or writ-
ten bids or suggestions of bids is-
sued to any rushee until the date
set for official bidding.

4. I.F.C. bids shall be issued at 9
:l.lll. on the morning of the agreed
bid-issue date. and the bids must
be returned by :3 pm. of the same
day.

:3. Silent period shall begin for
each fraternity member at the start
of the bid session on the day before
bid—issue date. and shall continue
until 5 p.111. on the day bids are
scheduled to be returned. During
this time a period of silence shall
exist between all members of any
fraternity and all eligible rushees.

0. Any pledge whose pledge is
broken shall be ineligible to receive
a bid from any fraternity during the
following semester.

7. No fraternity may issue a bid
to any man who has resigned from
any fraternity on campus uniil one
year has elapsed from the date of
resignation and then only with the
sanction of the Council.

8. Should a fraternity expel a
member. this person shall be able
to receive. from any other fraternity,
a bid, as early as the next bid ses-
sioii.

w.

     
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
    

I

\i.

 rich‘tobacco taste - modern filtei. too 

refreshes your taste

Special new HIGH POROSITY

cigarette paper

limb ‘ l\ ll .l liiHmlilS

 

Jawﬂawh%
ME...

Kappa Delta

Alene Rabe ’61 is the general
chairman of the Conflict Party
known as “O Kady's Saloon" an-
nounces Nancy McGowan ‘60, Presi-
dent.
l’si Gamma

The following were pledged: Aim
Farrell, Elizabeth Forbes, Ann Ig-
lei'. Sandra King. and Roberta
Shoemaker.

Margaret O'Donnell and Melanie
Quackenbush “(32. are co-chairmen
for the Formal Weekend, announces
Mildred Pasek '60, President.

(‘hi Sigma Theta

Nancy Lou Ryan, '60. President
announces the committees for
the conflict party. They are: Gen-
eral Chairman, Barbara Blackall
'00, cntertainment; Louise Torna-
tore '01 refreshinen'i's; Margaret
Walker '61; invitations. Miss Ryan.
Gamma. Kappa Phi

Conflict party chairmen have
been announced according to Joyce
Pemucci ‘60, President. They are:
entertainment. Gail Kasparian '61;
name tags, Carol Connelly '62; re—
freshments. Patricia Fancher '62:
invitations. Barbara. Manse '62.
Kappa Beta

Jack Tromny '60 announces the
committees for their formal rush
party to be held Friday. January
8, at the Aurania Club. The Gener-
al Chairman is Jack Andersen.
Co Clliil'lllcll are Ronald Coslick
and David Brooker; Enetrtainment.
Robert Steinhauer; Decorations.
Garry Lynch, and Guests. Michael
Sabini.

Alpha Pi Alpha

Merle Miller, '60, President has
announced that The Parliamentar—
ian is John Lucas.

Sigma Lambda Sigma

Sigma Lambda Sigma will have
an open house Sunday from 5-8
pm Barry Jamason, ’60, President

  
   
   

\

  
   
        

 

 

.. l n.pii\

Invisible porous openings
blend fresh air with each puff for
a softer, fresher, more ﬂavorful smoke

Salem research creates a revolutionary new ciga-
rette paper that breathes new refreshing softness
and liner flavor into the smoke. Now, more than
ever. there's Springtime freshness in every puff of 
a Salem. Smoke refreshed . . . smoke Salem. '

 

has announced that there will be
dancing to the music of Zach Cle-
mens.

Due to the IFC ruling on quiet
hours, no upperclassmen eligible for
rushing may attend the open house.
Freshmen and first-semester trans-
fers may attend however.

SCA Meets,
Hears Talk

The Student Christian Association
will hold its next monthly meeting
this Sunday at 7 pm. in Brubacher
Upper Lounge.

The topic, “The Mission of the
Church in Today's World," will be
(.ISCIISSL‘d by Miss Hester Jason, who
is affiliated with the National Stu—
dent Christian Federation.

The evening will open with a wor-
ship service to be conducted by Bap—
tist students. There will be a brief
business meeting followed by the
guest speaker and a question and
discussion period Refreslnnents will
be served following the meeting.
Jason

Miss Jason. a native of the Philip—
pine Islands. is studying in the field
of Christian Education at Yale Di-
vinity School. She received her
Bachelor of' Science degree in edu—
cation froin Silliinan University and
was the National Youth Director of
the United Church of Christ of the
Philippines. Miss Jason was the re-
eipicnt of an Obser'ation Scholar-
ship from the Commission on Ecrnn-
emcal Mission and Relations of the
United Presbyterian ChLu‘ch. U.S.A..
in 1954-55.

All interested people are welcome
to attend this meeting and are urg—
ed to participate in the evening.

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

