PAGE 4

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 8. 1959

 

 

 

In a recent Inter-Sorority Coun-
cil meeting the following were
elected as officers of the group for
the coming year: Nancy Lou Ryan,
President; Donna Lee Harris. Vice-
President; Joyce Pennucci, Secre~
tary, Juniors; Diane Rosen '61,
Treasurer.

Kappa Delta

The new members of Kappa Delta
were formally initiated Monday eve-
ning at the sorority house. an-
nounces Nancy McGowan ’60, Presi—
dent.

At the alumnae banquet the mort-
gage on the sorority house was of-
ficially burned.

Psi Gamma

May 17 Psi Gamma will hold an
informal dance, “Psi Gam's Fare—
well to South Lake Avenue," an-
nounces Mildred Pasck ‘60, Presi-
dent. All State students are invited.

The following freshmen were in-
itiated into the sorority Monday:
Barbara Bardeen, Elizabeth Pala-
imo, and Mary Stempel.

Elections for ISO Representative
and Sports Director produced the
following iesults. Margaret Kropac
and Cristine Noring, freshmen, re-
spectively.

Sunday at 2 pm. the sorority will
hold a faculty picnic.

Chi Sigma Theta

Nancy Lou Ryan ’60, President,
announces that Chi Sigma Theta
will hold their annual Senior Ban-
quet May 30 at 6 pm. at Jack';;
Restaurant.

Committees for the event are:
Catherine Tartaglia ’60, Senior
Gifts; Jane Bruskawicz, Food; F'ran
Organisziak, Flowers; June Perry,
Place Cards: Gail Rogers, Programs;
Janet Zember, Invitations. Sopho—
mores.

May 17 at 3 pm. there will be an
initiation ceremony for the new
upperclassmen pledges.

 

 

Phi Delta.

Monday evening the sisters of Phi
Delta held installation ceremonies
for their new officers, announces
Donna Harris '60, President.

Beta Zeta

Shirley MCGUll'l ’61 was re-elected
Sports Captain and Marguerite
Clowry '62 was appointed Reporter
announces Phyllis Mallory '60, Pres-
ident of Beta Zeta. Patricia Kadick.
Susan Byron, freshmen, and Mary
Hamill '61 were installed as His-
torian, Sergeant—at-Arms, and Rush
Captain respectively.

Sigma Alpha

New house officers of Sigma Al-
pha are: President, Frances Wnuk;
House Manager, Mildred Vojtek,
Sophomores, announces Donna An-
derson ‘60. President.

State Student
Sails toEurope

Another State College student has
been chosen as Albany's Community
Ambassador. Andrew Ianarella,
Graduate student. follows in the
footsteps of Bruce Norton ‘59 who
represented Albany last year.

Ianerella, who is a Spanish ina-
jor, will journey to Holland at the
expense of the city of Albany. Upon
his return he will report on his trip

through various speeches in the
area.
Sandra Faye, also a Graduate

student, was selected as alternate
representative for the city.

Dolores Dore. Graduate. will serve
the city of Schenectady as Communi-
ty Ambassador, and Elizabeth Tinney
’62 represented Delmar last year.

Defense Loan
Applications
Available Here

State College is now in a position
to accept applications for National
Defense Student Loans for the fall
semester. Those desiring this finan-
cial assistance are requested to fill
out the application forms found in
the Student Personnel 0.fice. Stu-
dents applying for the loans must
submit their summer addresses and
will be notified during the summer
Whether or not they have received
them.

Decision

The College has the responsibility
for deciding who shall receive loans,
and the amount of each loan. Loans
are to be made only to full-time
college students who are in good
standing and who are "in need of
the amount if the loan to pursue a
course of study."

The loans nin not exceed $1,000
in any one school year.

Corrections Due
For Registrar

Elmer C. Matthews, Assistant
Dean of the College, requests that
all students make the necessary
corrections on the counter program
cards kept in the Registrar's Office.
Corrections

These corrections include changes
in courses since second scincstcr rcg-
istration, courses dropped, and ad-
dress changes.

Purpose

These curds are kept at the dis-
posal of the students in trying to
locate other students, and to a larg-
er extent. as an aid to the Registrar
in locating students in order to give
them important messages from
home, work, etc.

Former State Student Retires
As Very Popular Professor

Agnes E. Futterer, Professor of English, is retiring this
June from the faculty of New York State College for
Teachers at Albany. Her retirement brings to a close iorty-
two years of unsurpassed service to our college.

Assignment: to interview Miss Futterer.
Purpose: to put into 60 lines of print the
story of a great lady.

Evaluation: impossible!

In the Class of 1916, there was a senior who planned to
go to New York for a year of theater study and then return
to NYSCT as a member of the faculty. That senior did Just
this, despite an offer by the American Academy of Drama—
tic Arts of a scholarship for further study. Why? “I want-

ed to teach."

Memories

What docs she remember. what
will she i'e'all for the interviewer?
Well, there was the time she hiid to
take over the male lead, :it the last
minute, in the play shc was dircct-
ing (The Yellow Jacki-ti rri‘iziiciiig
and all! And the beginnings of D&A.
As for her plans ior thc l‘uliirc. they
are not definite. But i'csi iissurcd,
they will be involvcd with tcuchiiig.
theater. and people

Students

Most of her coin'crsziiion. liowcvcr,
Lonccrns the various >ludciits shc
has taught: Mlll't'lti Brownc. who
won the Caldi'oti Awiird ior Chil-

dren‘s Liici-atiirc; Vinccni l.)onchuc, I ‘

producer of tclcvision‘s l'ctcr Pan
and many Bi'oiiiiw.iy shows; .loscph
Leesc. Arthur Collins, Carleton
Moose, and many iiioi'c in fact, "I
think ‘it would bc much more intcr-
csting to iiilk, in your article, about
all my stiidciils l':ll.lll‘l‘ ihiin Just
me." This is oiic rciisoii why the
above evaluation rcads "impossible."

About this woman thi-rc is an iii-
nittc modcstv which forbids both
self-centered tiilk Iiilthough the lis-
tener would be i‘usciiiiiicdi and sat-
isfactory tribuic. This quality coni-

A new idea in smoking...

o mentl’iol ll‘itsll
. rich tobacco taste

4‘ o modern liltcr, too

,.

Sulciii adds a wholly new quality to smoking . .

Ilttns . .

MISS AGNES E. li‘ll’l‘TERER

mands respect, 3 ct perhaps one in-
fringement would be ])Cl".lllSSll)l(‘.
And so, to Agncs Futtcrcr. a shining
and lovely ladv. we pay our tributc
of gratitude for her dedication, hci'
inspiration, and her iricndship.

refreshes your taste

i‘imicil by H. .l. humid, 'i'.,|.....o 1 ~rlli|i.ill)

. i'clrcslics your laislc jusl {In it sinlilcii
lirci-zc on 2i naii'ni Spring, day i‘cli‘cslics you. “it‘ll ltlliilt'l‘l) lasic with it ncw hill'lil'lni' soli-
. niciilliol-ircsli (:oiniol'l. . . . inosi lllUllt‘l'li lilicr, through which flows tlic l'i'cslicsl
taste in cigarettes. Smoke. refreshed . . . pack aillci‘ puck . . . got a carton of Stilt-ins!

Take u Puff. . .It’s Springtime

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 8. 1959

 

   
      

Kampf Komments:

“We Are Proud a
To Wear . . .”

By non KAMl’li‘

What is included in the word—progress? There is more
than meets the eye. Four years ago, I wrote my ﬁrst
column for the State College News and at that time I won-
der if State College was even known in the world of sports.
The year before had been disastrous as far as the major
sports were concerned with the epitome coming during the
basketball season. It was a cold winter as the Feds notched
only two victories while taking sixteen spankings.

In 1955, Richard J. Saucrs was recruitcd to help build
up Albany‘s prestige. He did.

In 1956, Siena was added to our basketball schedule
and our wrestlers under Coach Joe Garcia had their ﬁnest
season.

In 1957, we bcat Siena in basketball and went. to Os—
wego for the ﬁrst State University tournament.

In 1958-59, we lost to Siena, but for thc third consecu-
tive year we mustered 17 victories. Tcnnis was added to
the varsity level and currently holds a 5-1 record. Socccr
and baseball teams always make an outstanding showing.

As Graduation Day, 1959, rolls around there is little
left to say. In the forthcoming years, 1 would like to read
that Albany State had included football on its varsity slate,
that the State University leaders had unravellcd thc red
tape and brought forth a new, modern, majestic l'icld house
for indoor sports, and that State Collcgc was iioi a name
to frown on (as some undisciplined minds around tlic cum-
pus seem to think).

I was sitting one day during my collcgc “cai'ccr” think-
ing about State Colleges throughout the country which
are rated nationally. Thcrc are only ninc ()l' tcn states
with nationally recognized State teams. Arizona is in the
midst of progressing to top flight calibre. Thcir situation
is similar to New York‘s, with campuses sprcad throughout
the state. New York State Colleges are next and Albany
State will not be excluded.

A lot of words have been written on thcsc sports pages
in the last four years, some have been m()l'(‘ than words.
When Joe “Swizz,” my predecessor left ofﬁce in 1956, he
wrote, “I . . . sincerely hope that you achieve those goals
that this one has always strived to attain.“ I have. To
Jim and the boys behind the keyboards, I hope for the same.
My biggest goal was to make State Cillcgc known through-
out the State and country. I must admit I had hpr from
guys like Gary Holway, Gus Tillman, Wes Brown, and Joe
Hill, and I honestly feel that; State has “come of agc."

E
s

a?

.‘

PAGE 5

Recesso Stops New Paltz for Third

By DAVE MILLER

Glovcrsvillc boy Chuck Recesso
was the toast of the town this week
after he took charge of the mound
ill Bleecker Stadium Wednesday to
pitch the Pcds to a 7—0, two—hit
victory over New Paltz for the third
Shite triumph in its last four starts.

The Pod Sophomore had the New

Netmen Score
Two Wins, Lose
First to Siena

’l‘hc varsity nctnicii rcboundcd
1mm :1 5~~l Monday loss to Siciiu to
rcnislcr ll 6—3 victory over Ncw Paltz
on tho Washington Avcnuc courts
chncsduy. ginning ihcir iil'ih win
in six siiii'is io sci ihc siiigc ior the
hoinc iiiiulc with Oncoiitu Tuesday.

Sli'llzi gaiiicd ilic closc win as
(lci'rv Brchni had to conic up with
:i closc gnmc lo l)(‘ill Bob Kaiiiipl' in
Ilic nunibcr onc singlcs while his
li‘iilllllllllt‘~ took two other siiiulcs
.ind doiibli-s ior ihc livc points.

K;iiiipi'_ who as ihc iiiinibcr oiic
iii.iii inccls ilic opposilioii's bcsi.
llll‘l :iiiothrr tough niuii chncsdiiy
ll) losc in siiiglcs :is ihc Pcds won
ll\t' singles and onc doiiblcs i’oi' tlic
\\lll ovci' New Pziliz. ’l‘hc doublcs
lcziiii oi Diivc Billllll and Lou Wol-
llt‘l' took ihc onc mulch, and boili
Baum uiid Woliicr won in ilicir
\lllL‘li‘h‘ i-oiiicsis ior pci'ii-i-i days.

Shut Out Dilnbury

'l'nc iiclincn hiid scoi'cd 21 9-9 tr.-
uiiiphs oi'ci' Dainbiu'y it wch ago
liiil;l\ us onh Kainpi i'i‘qllll‘(‘(l thrcc
xi'ls to sulxlui- ihc iiciiiicn ironi
(‘oniii-ciiz'iit.

’l‘hi- sound along with Coach Mcr~

llll Huihziwuy. iniiniigcr Pctc Wlli‘il—
on. illl(l llli‘ biischzill l(‘illll, ninch
ihc ll'll) north ncxi wcck ior an ill-
\‘iision ol' Phil-ishiu'g Friday ulter-
noon and Poisdiiiii Suiui'duy.

’l‘lic Pcds lnii'c bciitcii Plaitsburu
lll Albiiiiy by :i sci'cii point spread.
but this will bc thc iii'si cncouiiici'
iliis swoon with Potsdam

Pogos Set Albany League Pace;
Apaches Jump the Humps, 13-11

llIillli'l'llll in Wi-iidcll Fowlcr In ihc
top of ilic llllil‘lll‘ lhc PHUI» scorcil
llli'll' lnsl l'llll.\ on :i sinclc b\ (nuis-
hcc.

.H’A Split

.»\1 ihc inin- this .iriii-Ic \\;l.\ \\i'ii~
APA liiid u 1—] i'cvord loi' tho
“(‘1 k. (in Monzlui lll.'lll iln liliic
:lll'l Whiic dcicuicd SIS, lll~fi. (in
'I’lnwilzi)‘ zilii‘linn Il llli“. ll .\l to l<'_.iii~
1;:1 Ul‘lll. 9—3.

(in ’l‘ucsdiiy Ill‘_‘lll. lhc l,l'llii\t'l"
look ll 1—“ li‘iHl lll llll' lop o1 lllt‘
first inning. as lliil'l'leiill M'Iiliil on
croiiiiil outs in limbo .inil ltrciiniiii.

liv DAN LABEILLI‘.‘

With night games under way, Vci —
erans' Iicld hosicd twcnty - four
games this past week. In lll‘Sl plucc
for the Albany Li‘ilgllt‘. ill'L‘ ihc ini-
dei‘cutablc Pogos now siuiiding \\llll H.“
a 5—0 record.
Pog'os I'Idgc l'otter

Thc dcicndiiig i-hiuiipioiis incl
their toiighsci oppoiiciits on Monday
afternoon. us they cducd by ;i pow-
erful Potici' team. 4-3. Tlli‘ swamp-
men got ilic lead in ihc lop oi ihc
ﬁrst on 2i double by Dciiny Johnson
which brought in Holwiiy iiiid Mnr- ‘l'hc l’o'os rciiiliziicd in Iln- liolioni
ley.’I‘hcsci-ond inning was scorch-as oi the lllll'(l uh lion lion-don and
In thc bolioiii oi llll‘ iliird iln- Sizilc ()\\t'll l).l\l.\ \i'iillhl on i lillllli'l'llll
Strch club look ii 3—2 hunt, on :i in Holwni

a .

.QZ’

 

()ll’l‘ AND IN. lion Nolan of the l'ogos is on his win to first base,
but he forgot one thing—to hit the ball, which rests in l'oilcr ciiclier.
Carl Epiileiiiali's mitt. It mattered little. however, as the l'ogos rang up a
4—3 victory. John Harrison calls balls and strikes.

As lhc lop oi llll scvciiih i‘iilli‘ll
:irihiid llli' swunipincn hud il ’l—l
lcnd ’l'hi- l.l'll(l\'('l'.\ giiiiicd their two
i'ciiiuiiiing l'llli.\ as l’lill'l'lﬁilll iiiid
i:ill1‘_\‘ \i'ol'i'd on ground outs bv Ko-
di'.i and lii'ciiiizin.

KB iiiid Leftovcrs 'l‘ic

(in Wi-dncsduy .llli’l‘lllmll ihc
I,i-lio\i-i‘s lli‘ll Kll. lii-lli. 'l'hc uiiinc
\LIh czilli-d io :illou llli‘ iiighi L'nilil‘

in L'l‘l undi-iwin 'l‘hi- sciiing sini
‘.\.l‘\ l;i\iii‘.ilili' [o l'iilll'l' (‘llili .l.“
llnn llt'll‘illi‘ll 51.5, Iii-7.

Ai Illi‘ cnd oi llli' iourili lillllllii

l’i'lll‘l' look .i li~ii lczid on ii honic-
llll. in Fkip (it'l)ll.ll’l .lllll l“l'iill Nun-
ill 'l'hc 1:.inii- um» ('illll‘ll :ii iii:-
lllll oi llll' .‘uixlll inning lllli‘ in “up-
lriimi'lllllu (lill'klll's\ "
hillll' Lenglic Hl‘ptli'l

llll‘~l{ll" (I\(‘l HUMAN" ll~lil
lﬁl'l‘ nouii Kolniis l'i~ll lililui'
sioinii lt’ltl’, L’Telii Kolnus I‘llL'l'
lliixkio». lief» ,
.\|'.\('lli‘.\ Win l’irst iii 'l'cn

'llll‘ ccoinl li.isi-iii.ii. iii kui up
[in piichci .lllll l)ili'.i(ll‘(l llllli .iiouiid
llii lli‘lll on in \llllllltlil", llll‘(‘.ll(‘ll-
ll l.il| U\l'l .iiul lillgltri‘il llll' :.lioil~
'op lln' iliii.l immnrin iliii «I \iI'-
Ioi\ (lilliil' \\lll| ilii- iillllll'lill‘l'h
'iluw hr [in l'lil\ In iiiu\ i'cpoi'ls
ol llli inn |ltill> oi lln- .-\l’Ai'lic ll‘dlll
.l‘ lln‘\ tit‘ll‘illi‘ll llli‘ lil‘inlis lit-ll

'llli' Blue and Vvlllli‘ linllnl‘ls. lln‘
low conlcniicis in llll' 'l‘i‘in-hci‘n'
l..'.l§..’lli’. had won llh‘ll' lll'>l gonna»

ill it‘ll sliii'is
Silicdulcs ’lo lic l'osted

'llic solibiill comiiiissioncrs an
ljiilllli‘t’ llliil ilic si'lu-diilcs ior llli'
“Manning; tiiiin‘h \\lll llt' liiihli’tl on
lln- AMIA liulli-llli boul'd

Album League Standings

'l'i-iiin W l.
l’iigiis 5) ll
l’oi ll‘l' . It i
AVA . , 3 3
Kit . l l
l.i'llo\ci's .. , . (J 15
SIS . 0 it

Paltz crew eating out of his hand
all afternoon and missed ii no-hitter
by the narrowest of margins when
he gave up a. single in the fourth
and was tagged for a shot just above
the glove of shortstop Dick Lewis in
the ninth. He struck out four and
walked two.

Rccesso made his first pitching
win of the season one of the best
diamond perforini'inces seen in a
long while here by slugging two

singlcs and ii double and walking
once for a perfect day at the plate,
whilc giving ii glossy fielding pcr-
ioi‘muncc.

 

"'I‘llld HM‘K 0|" ME "AND." It'd
\'csncskc wallops u backhand rc—
tiirii to opponent Gary Goodness of
Siciia in Monday‘s number two sin-
glcs innit-h. Vesncske won, 6-3, 7-5.

71.. say

As ihc ciid ol ihc ycui' i'i)ll:~.
mound. and us “1‘ wrilc Illt‘ lust
sports liil'll‘ of [his si'lliml _\'('lll', wc
look back 111 pi‘ulliiiili' to fill ilic
puplc who through ihc illli'llillllL’
l'llllllh liclpcii iiiokc llll' pobhcuiion
liiirwh‘llili’. ch ..l't' lll(li'l)li‘(l in Bob
Kainpl, .lhii bought-iii, llzivi- lVlllll‘l.

 

lhin l.:ibcillc, .luck l.cwis, Michal-l
(‘.o\lc. (ii'uci- l‘liigcls. lio l"cndh'k.
and Al Bl'i'sllm

   

   Ped Victory of Week-Siena Today

’l‘rounce Utlca

The onrushing Peds, who meet
Siena this afternoon at Bleecker
Stadium at 3 pm. had fattened
their batting averages at Utica by
overwhelming three Utica hurlers at
Utica. for a 21-4 victory before beat-
ing New Paltz Wednesday. How-
ever, the big guns in that Ped at-
tack, Dick Lewis and Ray Haver.
who garnered ﬁve hits and three
hits respectively_ were silenced par-
tially Wednesday in favor of pitcher-
outﬁelder Pete Spina. Slamming two
triples to bat in four runs. Spina
scored twice himself. doing it the
hard way by stealing home once and
sliding in under a tag the other
time.

Beat llanbury

The Feds squeezed in speedy Jerry
Gilchrist when Ray Haver laid down
it perfect bunt last Friday to pull a
ninth inning 2-1 win over Danbury
out ol the lll‘C before losing a tough
onc io RPI Saturday in an 11-13
sliigl'cst. Both games were at Bleeck-
(l'. The Feds had given RPI the
score of its life by taking an 11-10
lead, but lost in the last innings
when the Engineers got to reliefei‘
Wes Brown for three runs and the
“111.

Brown. who took the loss to RPI.
was ihc winner at Utica when he
held the Utica artillery to eight hits
and one walk in allowing only four
runs. Tll(‘ scnior from Chatham has
piichcd good ball this season and
was victimized by errors in each of
his ihrcc losses. Wednesday's wni
ovcr New Paltz vindicated Chuck
Rcccsso, who had pitched well in
\lllll against Platisburg when ten

’ uiicurncd runs proved his undoing.

But (here wcrc no unearned runs.
or earned runs for that matter. scor-

cd on Recesso chncsday. and he

dcscrvcs credit for if well-earned
win.

Brown should be due for a couple
of wins in like manner now that the
Pcd infield has jcllcd and the team
is playing the kind of boil it should
no playing.
Ready for Siena

The Feds are ready for Siena. Jim
Brown, left fielder whose booming
but has been missed since he hurt
his hand‘ is coming on well and will
be bringing his hardware to the
guinc today for u purpose—to make
up for lost time and hits—and Jerry
(iilchrisi, due for a plate explosion
any day now. should give his slug-

ging iciuiiniiitcs Dick Lcwis, Bob
l3/ll(ii\\‘l('/. and Ray Hiivci' compe—

iiiion ior baliiiig honors.

()lli‘llllltl will bc on hand Tuesday
ill 3 pin. ior the thin] liomc gunic.
bcloi'c ihc Pcds iiikc to the road to
i-losc ihc sciisoii.

 

From This Vantage Point:

 

See You in
September

  
 

u.-

Bi‘ .lllll lltll'ﬂlll'IR'l'Y

Varsity 'l‘ciiins l’i'ovc Successful

Joc Garcia and Dick Sziiicrs arc two nicn who can be
justly proud of thcir coaching cil'orts during the past year.
'l‘lic Gul‘t‘l'dlllt‘ll tui'ncd in ii coiiinici'idablc 5-5 soccer record.
'lhc highlight. oi thc scuson .vus thc smashing victory the
l‘cds scorcd ovcr ()swcgo in ihc annual Homecoming blast.

Dick Suucrs’ cliiii'gcs turnin in a 17-8 hoop record
which includcd ninny outstanding laurcls. 'l‘hc baskcteers,
undcr ihc cziptuinship ol' (Jury Holway, garnered third place
honors in ihc Siziic t‘ollcgc invitational 'I‘ourncy held at

()SWi'go

'l‘o lollow up this (’llili‘l, the Feds went to Mont-

(‘lllll‘. N. .l , lo piiiiicipaic in ilic NAlA regional playoffs. A
ihi'cc point loss to Filll‘li‘lgll~l)l('kl115()ll kept the Feds oii'

ihc piano to Kansas City.
First Year of Varsity 'l‘cnnis

A 5—4 loss to Sicna is thc oiily mar on the tennis record
us ihc l(’lilll, undcr thc dircction of Coach Merlin Hathaway,
conics into the honic sti'ctch of its first season on the var—
sity lcvcl. ’I‘hc ncttcrs, bcing‘ lcd by Bob Kampi‘, have coni-

pilcd u i'ccoi‘d of 5-1.
OVER THE HILL:

()nc of thc saddest things we have

to report this year is that Tom Brierly will end one of the
most brilliant athletic carcci's of any man ever to partici-
pate in intramural sports. After 5 seasons in 3 sports, Toni
will receive that MA. and leave. Good luck Toni; we’ll miss
your outstanding contributions.

 

