 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 6

“74¢ 14nd 4e! ’2‘ Siena!”
STATE UNIVERSITY or ital vlilllt

 

   

All In The Game:
Siena Showdown
Saturday

By JACK LEWIS

After the passing of a year, the interest around State
College is again directed toward one cry, Beat Siena. Spirit
runs especially high this season in view of last year's 62-46
victory by the Feds and in view also of the capability of the
present State squad.

Starting Five

Coach Sauers will be counting heavily on his veterans
from last season when they face the Indians at the Armory
tomorrow night. Starting in the action will be Gary Hol-
way, Denny Johnson, Don Cohen, Jack Bearden and Tom
Baugham. Johnson, high scorer in the Utica victory on
Tuesday should again be a strong factor as will be the
rebounding of Don Cohen which has been consistent so
far this season.

According to the reports the team played one of its
best games against Utica, running especially well on the
fast breaks. Whether these tactics will be successful
against Siena is another story.

Siena Strong

The present Siena squad is also estimated to be some-
what stronger than that of last year. The height and re-
bounding advantage which arched the Peds last season has
been counteracted and the opposition is reported to have
adopted a zone defense which may alter matters in itself.

That‘s the story from both angles, although definitely
not meant to be pessimistic. No matter what the outcome
however, State spirit should again be paramount when
the squads face each other on the big floor.

Closing Note

After this, my last column, I will be resigning full
duties to my co-sports editor and wish to extend thanks
to those with enough fortitude to have stuck with me
for the past year.

209 Central Ave.

(B U Fl“ CT STYLE)

ROAST BEEI“
CORNEI) BEEF
BAKED IIAM
SALAMI
BOLOGNA
MEAT LOAF
IIOT DOGS
IIAMBUBOEBS
CHEESE
OLIVES

AND MORE

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. JANUARY 9. 1959

Matmen Face C. W. Post Tomorrow,-
Kane Scores Lone Win Against RPI

Officials Name
FallaceA/l-State
For Second Time

Just prior to the Christmas vaca-
tion, the All-New York State Soccer
Team was made known. It certain—
ly pleased everyone connected with
sports here at State to learn that
Frank Fallace had earned a berth
on the mythical team.
Second Team—Outside Right

The coaches and other soccer of—
ficials of the State voted F'rank to

the outside-right

position on the

second team. Frank might well have
made the first team, but he man-
aged to get into a couple of scrapes
that probably lost him several votes.

Frank booted

in fourteen

goals

this past season to pace his team to
a .500 season. Incidentally. this is

the second

year

that the

young

Sophomore from Mineola has been

named to

the mythical

Team.
Fallace Set Two Records

During the

All-State

1958 Fed campaign,

“Frankie Boy" set two Albany State
scoring records. The first was his

four

goal total against

Geneseo.

His fourteen goal total eclipsed the
record held by the now graduated
Bobby Backer.

First
Goal
RFB
LFB
RHB
CHB
LHB

’l‘eam

Charles Frey
Timothy Norbeck
Roland Sandberg

MWillllllll Yantz

John Paranorr
James Taylor

0R» Charles Colton
IRA William Sand

CF

0:

I.

(leorge Murphy
(labor Schlisser
Theodore Zornow
3 time All-Slate;
"J time All-Ainm'ica

Second Team

(hail-

RFB
IFB
RHB
(‘HB
IllB

~F‘rcd Manzo
Claude Spinoza
Paul Martin

7 Gordon .losepli
(‘live Becki'ord
Raymond Baugli

OR FRANK FALLACE

IR
(‘F'

ll, (ii-lil'LLl‘
Sandor Csobiiii

(ll.

Robert Gregg
Bruno l.ewandowski

li‘i-iiliy

T he Mayﬂower

SMORGASBOARD PARTY

UNDAY EVENINGS 5230 I]. m.
All You Can Eat $1.50

I'O’I‘A'I‘O SALAD
IVIACAItONI SALAI)

(‘OLE SLAW
Ii‘ltENl.‘II li‘ltlES

BEET SALAD
S PA“ I I E'I‘Tl
BA KEI) BEANS

PICKLES

RPI
Hamilton
Brockport
Rochester
C.C.N.Y.
Colgate
Hamilton
C.C.N.Y.
Ithaca
C.C.N.Y.
Rochester

Army
C.C.N.Y.
Clarkson
Cortland
Cornell
Army
ALBANY
()swcg o
(71a rksoii
Rochester
lt l’.l

 

 

By DAVE M'ILLER

Joe Garcia’s matmen, now even in the season‘s record
with a win and a loss, take on C. W. Post College tomorrow
at 2:00 in Page Gym in what promises to be one of the
toughest matches the Feds will have this year.

The Long Island school gave the State matmen a tough
battle in losing by a 23—10 score last season and in the two
meets they have had this year look stronger than a year
ago, beating Fairleigh Dickinson by 10 points while drop-
ping a match to Farmingdale. The statesmen, meanwhile.
easily beat Brooklyn Poly before the roof caved in on them
at RPI where they suffered the worst loss of their history
in a 33-5 trouncing at the Engineers‘ hands, in which the
only winner was Charlie Kane who pinned his man to keep
his unbeaten streak alive as well as Ped hopes.

Return Engagement

The sandbar students sport a pair
of twins who will wrestle in the 123
and 130 pound clases, marking the
first time this has been seen on the
Fed mats in four years of varsity
wrestling. They also bring back four
men for repeat performances, one of
whom won while two lost and one
,. drew.
RPI Overpowers

The story of the pro-Christinth
loss to RPI was short and, for the
Feds, not so sweet as it, could be
7: summed up in three words: too
much talent. The consensus of opin—
ion among the grapplers was that
there was simply too much for the
v- Feds to cope with and the RPI inat-
men. who had lost three times in
the last two years to Albany, finally
‘ turned the tables with gusto to gain
the win. The match was not actual-
' 1y one sided as that score would
show. However, as Joe Hill lost when
he was injured before Dave Pause
and “Ox” Brink dropped close de»
cisions and Don Warne was pinned
O'(‘onnor Threatens

A threat that the Feds unveiled

at the RPI match who may be a
I big factor as the season goes on is
heavyweight Dick O'Connor. :1 mid—
Hudson \alley boy who went to
Newburgh Free Academy and .is o
freshman is out for wrestling lor the

 

first time. He has been shown;
steady improvement as the restili
of hard work at practice and hoult:

I-‘ILINK l“.\I.I..\(‘E, a Sophomore show a lot oi shift :is he pick up
from .IIincola, has recently been 5"?“ “Ml “ms” U“ '1‘“ “I‘ll”

, , )V,‘ ‘ " ; " i \
elected to the All-Stale Soccer team. (“1mm H “I “(ll M ‘I‘HIH'H"
V I, I ‘_ V} who was thwarted by iiiirirics ill
lull lice set two scoiiiig records this ymih H1 ylh “H.411”. I,,.].[,,I-m_m,,.i

past season. .ind is now out for the sczisoii

State College Varsity Roster

Name Ilt. Year Hometown
(hiry llolwiiv 6".” Hl'illiil' Sarane lain
'l‘om llii|i4lliili ll‘L" Hl‘lllol' Yonkers
ln‘ric li.lllllll‘$ li’ Sophomore Schenectady
Dennis Johiinoii 6’2" Junior Jaiiicsiown
Don ()ohcii lio' Sophomore Albuii'.
llill 'l hoiiipson li'l" Sophomore Wiiiilliain
Jack llcaidcii it'll" :s‘oplioniori- w.iiei'io\yi.
'l'oiii llyiiii til!" Junior r-iioli.
llob Hands , ll": Hlililllillllil'l' Al-llllll"
Filiii'itli. Iii/Mil lil Siiiilioliiiii‘t- llill'illll“

Siena College Varsity Roster

Name Ill. Year Iloiiiciowii
log \.‘Vi.i.ii .‘ill' Hciiloi I‘ioy
John (in illl :i'l Hciiior (‘oliom
Jlll'v lirliiii li l‘il'llliil’ l‘io.
I‘iil Moiloiii li'l' .luiilor l'io'.
.loiii. ll'l‘ii.‘,.l’ :i ll .lllilllll l'iiliiic
.lol .‘v’llllci' till .liiiiioi I'Irll ‘Ill.ll']).‘vll
Joe Huilcr fi'll" Junior Wiiiciylicl
John ltoss-ii ti 1' Junior Aubuiii
John Smith ti o" ts‘oplioiiioi'e Albany
Jot: Henley li' Sophomore Walcrylici
Bob (Brady li ‘J” Sophomore Wlilt‘l‘Vlll‘l
Mlkc l’t'll'y b/ll" tiiitilioiillill' Klilghlaiii

1

‘

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. JANUARY 9. 1959

 

PAGE 7

 

State-Siena Basketball Game To Attract Huge

saucrsn Seeking Second Scalping

 

y. «mama VJ» . ,.



L ‘w

H‘M  ﬂ

Jackie Weaver

Pic'i l'l‘ll ;.bo\c is .l;l"kll‘ \l'eaycr. c.ipi.on .iiid liar.
lliL‘. scorei ol ih‘ Hll‘lhi iidiiiiis Ill will be the iii.iii
to watch loiiiori'ow lll‘..'lll whcii HlJicH own Pcds will
lace ilic l.UlllllilHlllt' squad on the Ai‘iiioi‘v (lillll

Jackie is n pi‘iillli'l ill 'Ii'o‘. ‘s'cw Yoi'l; '.\Ill'l‘“ lll‘
siaricti lli li.iskcili;ill loi' Inﬁzilic liisiiiutc 'l‘lii. sea—
son is the lllll'll and llllhl .‘~lil.\illi oi college basket—

fn._. M».

hall for 1ch ."i'll >-l'l‘,llil'
Breaks “(‘(‘Ol'll
Wca\'ci"s bigc-I lilLlll lllls four was against SI

Francis oi: lll" llrooklyn hardwoods lliic lie l.lllll'll
'i'll points io ~iiiiisli ilic three year old record held by
Tim Hill ll was in 19:30 that Hill pumped in 34 points
.igiiiiisl bit. ’.oiia\ciilure ()ii ilie sii‘ciigih oi this pci'~
loriiiaiice. \\'c:iycr has l)l'l'll named to the {\Il‘l'ol‘l
Team llil' llic week oi January fi~lo
seven (lame Statistics

Alter l‘iillllilllllli' :-c\ci. sniiiics ihisc are llic .scoi'~
ing si.ilislics ll'l' Werner He is lilllllii'. elll’. from the
field :62 loi‘ l»l.'li and has eoiiyeriid oi ll'l'l' throws out
of (iii chances lor 81’, Hr 17:3 point ioiiil gives him
.iii ll\'l'l'll‘.‘l' of Bi Si poiiils pci iliillil'

Potter Defeats SLS

In Pre-Vacation Game

'llie A.\ll.‘\ b.i-kclb;iil it"li'lll’ l..i.s l’l'lillll‘il plziv
'ollowiiig llll‘ \.o'.iii~ii Illi\\l‘\i‘i llll'i‘l' were :taiiies
ll'lilll lll'll‘l'l‘ yacoioii that \\l'l‘i not iipoiied on be-
t.ill:--c ihci'c w is no p.ipi~r oii Illl {ml l“iiil.i\ 'I'hisi
.:.ilill.s' cliiiiiiip.i-~:scil .i i'ootl (.lol o! illl‘ :i lioii Ill llii~
title so they are wo: h rcpoiiiiiv'

()ii Iiicciiibti l'..’ liiii'c ‘.\l‘ll' two l‘,1lllii 'llu

Kriliiii“ in .I roll
.‘.iilil' we. liltaw‘ill
.\lxli oii llilw ll.iil

.i'..' in» ,'i

livililhl" A (‘ lill'l Illill (ll ll'.lllli llu
ol "iii to :‘li (lili‘l..lllllli‘ III [in
with l'.‘ )‘llllllv i-il llll (litmus

l’rillli' ('liibs iii~i l’.llll in i' in. ‘lilil Men"

I'lll'ly’ K.ill'..i .lllll llvill f‘wlih .-.iii lion ioiiiiilmioi
 l’oiiti' ‘illlil'y
lulu-rs. Take It Over Sailis II

'lhi billowii. ll.i‘. ll' 3- .- li ll :liil llii
l.il.l' Illilll Ii! llli ll -i l- ll il.i.lili: iii. Illl
I‘i 1 (Mill liillll Illl liiu: -.’i.i I‘ll ii. llii Ill Iii

.'\l o»ii Mo on I‘lii’. ".‘ lliui ‘ll" Jot-ii!

lI-‘l'vl, Iii} ll.i' .\l’l\ 'i- «Empty llll lili|,|ii'..
on lIll ..|.ip.i llnl ii. liil.i.o.yi llll lliiii: iii..‘
to. i. ii in» i.‘;i '. ii, ,. i, -. Iii-on]. ii\ll'i||i‘
i'i.i I'II'. ll‘i‘.‘.l.|ll \l‘\ .ill in »l:‘. lilii |'.\ , I.llllll
‘iu l'iiioii iii ‘o l. .iit, ill hi: Ila ,..ipi!. ‘.l

oiiii llll‘ l!l.li wii. It] in .'!i

lJIi iiii Ii ‘l.z iii I.ll|,l .‘..| l) l.‘.ll|i l’oli i .i.«‘
.il, l'iiliri liIIll oni «.ii lop b‘. .i .».uvi- oi Ill lo 1‘.‘
III'll woiii lli ylll" ‘uIIIll we .\.|‘ll it! I’ollii with H
,oinis ‘lli. .lIIll‘ will Ill ‘ilil iiin l lll:]llrll.ill' ii
'iii liiiol |.lllilli
li‘lirailys '\\iii lh \Iillc .\l.ii‘:in

'l‘lii' .iiii ,... tin .'\l':\llll‘lll"- wci.l llii‘.\l| lo lll
ital il.l.‘tl 'l.i .illiil\ til ll‘liliill.. lili Iii Ill .ilili
liiiil ., I)lil.l‘.i l‘ inppii: lIll :licr. 'lll lo 1!:i Ill .i .‘illlil
!.‘» ii. llil lliill" llc ili‘ .i] ii on llll li llll Iii..lilll~..-
’l >‘i'iiiiil ll.i‘ Kr-liio Hi .i illw :'.lllll llll lllhil .‘il'llll
‘. ii: iii lll I’ll

.ilililllllilil llll [Ill ililli Ilic liiiiiIJl‘i
‘llic liiizh .scoici loi lliis point
losing; itob “Nil 1;! point»
before the \aciiiioii.

III lll.l' .‘illll‘
lH\‘.Illil I'Il'l’ do in jiu
was (‘liut k llll'i.-. o, on Ilu

(iii the llllill (11H ol action
the licltoycrs heal the KiilUilh ~11 lo 18. [hi llllll:
llllllll‘ll lIll' I’ccpli'n 3!) lo Zli l’ollci‘ lllI\\lll‘ll Kiipsi ill

the big ;',illill' ol the eyciiing 43 to 39, and the Couscrs
out-scored llu (il’l‘l‘lill'h :27 to lo

By BO B K AMPF

State-Siena games are often decided in the early mo-
ments of the contest and Fed Coach Dick Sauers feels this
year‘s battle will be just the same as those in the past.

When asked to comment on tomorrow night’s game,
Sauers stated, “If one team gets a hot streak early you’ll
know who the winner will be." The scene of action will
once again be the Washington Avenue Armory. The JV
preliminary will get under way at 7 pm.

The Sauersmen will be seeking a repeat victory over
the Indians after scalping them last year, 62-46. Siena,
however, holds the edge in the series, 6-1. Coach Dan Cun-
ha‘s charges are suffering from a lack of height this year
and have garnered victories over RPI and St. Francis only.
Among their losses are Army, Villanova, Niagara, Canisus,
and LeMoyne.

Weaver Is The Chief

Most of the Indians' attack has been centered around
Captain Jack Weaver who has a fine jump shot from the
outside and stands only 5 foot 9. Weaver is averaging over
twenty points per game thus far and set a Siena record re—
cently when he scored 38 points against St. Francis.

When asked how he thought he could stop Weaver,
Coach Sauers commented, “Go to church Saturday morn-
ing and hope for the best!“ He will alternate men on
Weaver, hoping that his defense will improve to stop the
Loudonville five all around.

Usual Starting Five

Sauers will start Gary Holway, Tom Baughan, Jack
Bearden, Denny Johnson and Don Cohen tomorrow night.
Soph Sherwin Bowen broke into the starting five and
Sauers had praise for the all around game he played while
scoring seven points.

The Feds broke away from a 35-30 half-time edge to
completely shatter Utica, 83—55, as Denny Johnson paced
the attack with 19 points. Tom Baughan, Don Cohen and
Jack Bearden added 13, 11, and 10, respectively. High scor-
ing Gary Holway was limited to seven points. The victory
was Albany’s seventh in eight starts.

A packed house is expected at. the Armory tomorrow
night—see you there.

 

 

EpHogue

By

      

_ HM and BOB
- A.

1958 was a big year for AMlA, what with "balanced
leagues" in softball and the football commissioners display-
ing “guts” in handling the grid scandal . . . Sandy Bern-
stein, presently coaching high school hoop, was the big
gun in the intramural loop as he ripped the nets for many
markers. . . Lou Call took over the pitching chores for Bob
Backer after the 5 y ‘lll' veteran developed a sore arm . . .
Don Nolan stepped into the quarterback position this fall
to pace Potter to another title He is certainly a pretty nifty
lield general . . . Why don't we haVe varsity football so this
talent can really be put to use‘.] . , . 19:38. as usual. ended
on l)i‘l'l‘llll)l'l' Zil amidst large drunk clouds

,.

Anything to gct my picture back iiiio pi‘iiit .chss
who's writing the “epitome” ol varsity spoi‘is‘.’ 177:3 in

basketball last year equalled only by the previous season , . .
Slate College 'l‘oui'nuiiiciit Sauei'siiicii place lifth after
losing to liull‘alo in last round . Garcia smokes- cigars
as grapplers ring up 7 .‘y’ scason . . . (‘hai'lic lx'anc goes; iiii~~
dclculcd again Stale wrestlers heal llai'liiioulh, liilli
. . JV basketball team under ly'oii (ii'nl'es has 7 ll) season
Always iiiipi‘oviiig, the Junior l’cds‘ are flying hiin this
year alter their opening win over Allt‘. . , liaisiiicii blink
iii lilccckci‘ iiiid pilchci‘s inc battered as the baseball squad
has a iiiedioci'e season Highlight ol the squad was one
l’cte Hpma, whose curve and last ball set them down like
bowling pins l"lllllli Wallace leads soccer squad and
makes sccoiitl Al Slate lcum.

i» ;r

Choice coiiiiiieiiis in the making .b‘oph liill 'l‘hoiiip—
son comments that he thinks he can hold Dan Cunha
scoreless toiiioi'i'ow night . . Wish someone would say that
concerning Jackie Weaver . . . Coach Hathaway announces
that tennis will be on the varsity level this year . . . “Racket
Squad” begins practice in April . . . Ro Walsh, last year’s
Siena game Minerva, “No spear, no Minnie, but I’m going
to have a blast tomorrow night anyway! ” . .

 

Crowd,-
l The Iclins

 

l‘m sure. knows Gary Holway. State's
basketball captain and all-time scoring leader. The
Feds" next game, against Siena iii the Armory. will

Evci'y'oiic.

give the 6'2“ sciiior a chalice to display his talents to
ll Iiil'i'l‘ audience in the Albany area.

This season (iary‘ is again pacing the Feds in all
depariiiicnis He has been helped out greatly, though,
by such standout ])(’l‘llil'llll'l'S as Don Cohen and Denny
.llillilislill.

Records, Records

Last year (.iary added 42] points to his two year total
of {iliil to boost his three year record to 1404 points.
In addition to this record. (lary still holds the record
for the most points scored in one game (40 against
[flit-.ii. the most Iield goals in one season l182] and
the highest single game average of 24.8 points a season.
Inspires; I-lniire ’I'eam

Although Gary is not always the high point maker
of the night. he does more than his share in the iii-
spiralioii deparliiieiii. His wai'in [X‘X'Slllllllity' and lead-
ership ability have brouglii the Feds many victories
that llll‘illl not have been.

Saers Keglers Drop
Match To Old Men

’l'lic llaiidiczip League starts off the new year With
.i well established boast that they have the unluckiest
team ever io Hillzl' Iill (lit AMIA bowling lanes. The
Illlliii'llllinlc ll'.llll liiippclis to be Say‘les which can
ltliil‘l inn Ilil top in 'lll ('iiilltli' Frank, who shows an
.iwra 1' ol li‘ll 'lhis wci k they lost it liearlbrcakcr.
.i- ll:ll.il, io ilu- tild Men by six pins. The score was
[1' l’ltlL‘ lo ".flili l'il' H.i\lc.~
League Sliiiidiiigs

(taint-s

'I cum “'oii Lost Behind
lllll .\ll|. 12 ‘l U
\'il:iii;': ll Ii l
I 1‘ ill (L L.’
Iii lll.i i ll ii
.\,‘ .il l|\ (I Ill ll
.‘ i |i~ L] H I‘.’

“.iilliiii: Bowlers

in mi -ili.i|llll inioioi lhc [c.iin .ill‘ men like
i'l. iii. l‘liii.c if :~‘.iyl- who» iiioiio is. "the ll..:iil-
.i.- Ill I l.- \‘.lllil s i‘lilldwl. ll..lI iiii lllli'lll be .u»
i tliilillniiiil .l iii. .‘N' M: ,ll.\I 'illlli‘ Ili‘llliiill ilii\t‘ olizil’li»
Ill iiiiii Iiiil .\llll lion il.'~il1l l [I'lll' \\llli iquiilly
ion .l‘.lI.|:l x-l loll I'|I.Illk l‘oiiclia who also boasts

llllllll .lllll ..‘.il.i.‘i‘ l'l llilf li.i~ spilliil‘ll ills l.U.
q oi to .i Irllﬁillllll oi powii in that illinl lhi'ec liztiii
1.1 i» All in all lllill lillil‘ 11. h! in up son will pro-
\lill illll". ~1 ll‘ililslllllll iii [in Illii .‘\lll\.‘- lililll
the l...wi boll it. thrown

The Scratch league

‘l‘liuisday, the Siiuilcli league i'csuiiic; downing
ihosc pins .il the lticc Alleys ‘l‘hcir thric way Iliflll
Ior lop [Muslith will soon biiak wide open when first
placc Kli meets the M'sllllll piiicc (Illlll‘l'llllri: rs The
Hits" llccns are sure to keep a close lab on the two top
teams by playing last place Potter. Unless the Pot—
ii-rnicii pick up steam they will imish as the anchor-
Illl'll. llob Warren is Potter‘s hope for liiture victories
and with an impressive 584 three game series he
might lit the bill.

 

 

