PAGE 4

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 20. 1959

olleg Ruggds Brave Snows at DippikilluWhat Joy!

Ice, Winter Picnic, Tobogganing, Cards

 

('et up at eight on a Sunday morning! That‘s ri-
diru’cus! But here I am. ready to go to Dipplkill. A
winter picnic, frolieing in the snow—and to think of
my nice warm ted, Oh, well.

The trip up there is ﬁne and sunny and easy
driving But then we turn off the main road and all
of a sudden the road is a sheet of ice. It is very nar-
row and there is hardly room enough for one car.

"Be Careful!"

"Is it very slippery?"

"Yes I will. Yes it. is slippery."

The hill twists and turns, goes up and down.

Honk hard at the top of a. hill—hear another car
answtr-—I’anicl Manage lo stop~so does lie—I back
down the hill~~he gets past. I am stuck.

"Let's all get out and push.“

’Ihey push and the car ﬁnally gets traction.

"Everybody in, let's go."

Right angle turn into a bridge—don't make it—
back up—cveryone out to push~and up over the
bridge.

Highlight Myskania's Sunday Festivities

By DAVE FELDMAN

‘Gct a good start on the level ground or you won‘t
in 'ke the hills that are right ahead.“

Snow all over, several inches deep—big banks on
the side. The car picks up Speed—hits the ﬁrst hillw—
skids—slide.-1~stops. Wave to the car behind and
back down again.

I start again—the car shakes and the speed in-
creases—car skids more—up over the ﬁrst hillwnow
gain spred—hit the next hill and slither up it~almost
:Iidn't make that one»~slip and skid over the next
hills lthey get bigger and higher» and finally go about
a mile and get to the camp.

The place is very nice and one could probably get
\crv poetic about how it is nestled in the soft white
arms of winter and protected by the strong limbs of
lecl‘ing trees, etc.

There is a large room attached to the original
hcuse~State College students have built it. There is
is a ﬁreplace and a stove. Once the ﬁres are started
it is quite warm.

The girls prepare lunch. After lunch we relax and
some of us decide to go tobogganning.

Very strange sport—‘four people

 

K

or he done. ..
They said. nobody
cooid do it... but -

i'

   

 

 

, ,)
They said it oouidn’t

 

 

     

crowd onto a board and try to go
 down a hill.
' OK here we go—rcar man pushes
for a startdwc go down a hill——girls
scream—J try to steer —»d0esn‘t work
—yes it docs-"we miss the snow
bank. We go down :i few small hills
and start down the big Ullf'~--—gil‘ls
SCi‘Cilill-~Sll()\\’ bank looms ahead»
go into the snow bankisnow all
over mev-glide across the road—
wind whips through us as we go
faster and faster down the hill. Wc
glide lo a halt. Everyone falls from
the toboggan.

"Let's go up that hill."

Everyone looks at the hill "Up
that hill? But all those trees?"

“Come on."

We trudge up the hill and sink
into snow three feet deep. We go
through the woods and over frozen

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. MARCH 20. 1959

 

9n Retired/zeal . . .

By DAN LABEILLE

It’s all over. The crowd moves from the minute size
gym, to the sunlit grass of Page Field. The bleachers are
folded and the nets are unhooked. Our state-famous gym
becomes, once again, a funeral bandbox.

Yet, reminscing three years back, this Page was the
birthplace of State’s most successful basketball team under
the able and well appreciated help of youthful Dick Sauers.
Ending his fourth year as hoop mentor, Sauers has ﬁled
away the following seasonal records: 11-9, 17-5, 17-5, and
17-8. Although the number of losses exceeds last year’s by
three, an overall glance at the season shows improvement.

Better Tourney Seedings

This year, the local quintet bettered last year‘s ﬁnish
by two notches, as they placed third in the Oswego Invita-
tional. At Montclair, for an encore, the Feds won the ﬁrst
round of the NAIA tourney, beating Pratt. The closing
game against RPI marked the second consecutive victory
over the Engineers. The total points scored on Page hard-
wood in the eight home games reached a new high.

There is always, of course, the other side of a pretty
picture, which tends to darken the view. Page Gym wit-
nessed its ﬁrst defeat since the Plattsburg game in the
1955-56 season. The Sauersmcn succumbed to Siena and
lost to Plattsburg in an upset.

Saddest Story

“The saddest tale we have to tell" is that of the depar-
ture of Gary Holway. Amassing a total of 1851 points in
his four—year stay, Gary copped all honors in State‘s bas-
ketball history. This season also sees the departure of an—
other Senior ball player, Tom Baughan. Ending his col—
lege career with an 8.9 average, Tom featured as defensive
player.

Glancing into the Crystal Ball . . .

. . . I see many wonderful things; A win over Siena. . . .
An all win season at home. . . . Membership to the ECAC.
. . . Sauers with a few more gray hairs . . . Don Bearden,
Denny Johnson, Don Cohen, Paul Howard, Eric Baumes as
the starting ﬁve. . . . First Place at the Cortland tourney.
. . . A possible trip to Kansas City. . . . Better school spirit.

streams.

Top of the hub—everyone onktr)’
to startmsink into the soft snow~
ﬁnally start—run into tree start

. . . More home games. . . . A tougher schedule.

Standing Room Only

again—41111 into boulder start again
—~g‘o clear down slope» Awhip silently
over the snow take off over l)ng

 

/

/

In closing I would like to quote Bob Kampf as fol~
lows: “A ﬁnal note on Page (to clear up doubts), the gym
is 36 feet wide, and 68 feet long. The seating capacity is
800, which means only 1400 of you will have to stand if

Merit: settle for one Without this other

statically, ('I'osswisc lo llic slrcuin oi sinolxc . .

 

     
 

FILTERS

LIGCETI 1'; MYLRS IOBACCO CO

 

C.i41i,.., '.-,.I.l i.‘:i

"LE‘M is kindest to your taste." says liuncs Arucss. "There are two
good rcaisons “by l loiow youll likc 'cni. 'l‘licy’rc truly /on‘ in far, Willi
lllfil’l’ cxcilini; laslc llnni youll liiid in any ollicr ciuurcllc."

LOW TAR: L‘M's palcnlcd lillcring‘ pi‘occss adds cxlru lillcr lilich clcclro~

. inalws L‘M truly lou‘ in tar.

MORE TASTE: L‘M's ricli mislurc of slow burning, loliaccos brings you more
inciting laslc llian an} oilicr cigarette.

LIVE MODERN...CHANGE T0 MODERN BM

 

    

lJlllll(i('l'—l:l\l nmu falls ofl crash
iiilo snow bunk crcryonc lalls ofl
Show lll Ulll' Sillii-S Slum dimli olll'
backs great fun.

Wc cni'l'y llic toboggnn back lo llic
ni1un road. Wc In'cdly llllll and pull
our way back up the luff and col—
lal'sc \ilicn wc gel lo lln- "lllllll

Wc I'csl up and can again l.nlr-r
snow on lohoggiuuung. sonic go
wandering and floundcruig In lill'
~nr w and sonic play cards

"ll's gcllnnz lilll‘, \\I' llilll l)l‘ll!‘l
co"

Wc i'.ill cici’yonc in and sliiil lo
l'llill up lhc liousi- .ind pack Ilic
pariipliciniilfn back lnlo llll’ curs

Wc finish packing and lzikc olll'
l.th pu‘lurcs loiin sonn- of \tllll’ll.
us you can scc, (‘llllll' lillll

Wc slarl down lhc lllll, this “Inc
on wliccls, and lake oni- last look
of (lamp l)ipplkill.

"'l‘lial was fun," somconc says.
"i cl's go back again "

(flioi'ns “Yr-ah, lcl's!"

 

Have Your
Dawn Dance Breakfast
Willi I's
'i‘lllil MAYFLOWER
will be open at 7 run.
209 ('entral Avenue

 

 

 

 

Page is still around next year.”

 

PAGE I

Albany Hosts Tournament In Page
Drawing Statewide Attention

State College, named

By DAVE MILLER
the locale of the regional AAU wrestling championships

last month, will host wrestlers from an area covering nearly half the State tomorrow in
the ﬁrst tournament of its kind ever held at this college. Regional tournaments such
as this, in which high school, college and other amateur wrestlers participate, have
produced some of the nation’s best grapplers and Olympic champions.

This region, designated Adirondack to distinguish it from the Niagara region of
Western New York or the Metropolitan regions of New York City and Long Island,

Peds Appear
At Home In 74
Spring Contests

The following varsity baseball
schedule has recently been announc-
eil [iv the Athletic Department.

Sat. April 18 Utica
Tues. April 21 Union (2)
Wed., April 22 At Siena
Sat. April 25 Plattsburgh
Wed, April 29 At Oneonta
Fri. May 1 Danbury
Sat. ,May 2 RPI

Mon, May 4 At Utlca
Wed. May 6 New Paltz

O
O

WCJNWNNWMN
O
0

Fri, May 8 Siena 3:00
Tues, May 12 Oneonta 3:00
Fri, May 15 At Plattsburgh 4:00
Sat, May 16 At Potsdam 2:00

Tues, May 19 At New Paltz 4:00
Sat. May 23 At Willimantic 2:00

The following varsity tennis
schedule has also been announced.
This is the first year that the sport
is being conducted on the varsity
level.

Wed, April 22 At Siena 3:00
Sat, April 25 Plattsburgh 2:00
Wed, April 29 At Oneonta 3:00
Fri. May 1 Danbury 3:00
Wed, May 6 New Paltz 3:15
Fri, May 8 Siena 3:00

Tues, May 12 Oneonta 3:00
Fri, May 15 At Plattsburgh 4:00
Sat. May 16 At Potsdam 2:0:
Tues. May 19 At New Paltz 4:00

’l‘ennis matches will be held at
the same time and place lil‘ pos-
sible) as varsity baseball games.

Joe Hill Garners Fourth Place Honors
In 4-I Collegiate Wrestling Championships

By JIM l)l)l'(i-lll'llt'l‘\', Sports Editor

After three years of pcrscvorancc and hard work, Joe Hill ﬁnally reached the big
time in collegiate wrestling. In recognition of his outstanding ability, Joe received a

fourth place medal at the Interstate-lntercollcgiatc
Championships held last Weekend in Cleveland.

—lndividual—Invitational Wrestling

4-1 President, Joseph Sanfiippo, says this concerning the Championsl'iips; “The
outstanding collegiate wrestlers of thc mid—west traditionally participate in these Chain—
pionships and frequently go on to compete successfully in the National Championships
and in the Olympics. Thus, this represents collegiate wrestling at its best.”

Hill was among one hundred and seventeen outstanding wrestlers, representing
thirty-three colleges, who were competing for honors in ten Weight classes. Albany‘s
only entry, Hill wrestled three matches in the 117 pound class; Joe garnered one we—
tory while dropping two very close decisions. A brief look at .iocs matches wrll show
the kind of c0mpclition he was pitted against,

Loses to Olympic (‘liiiinpion

in his liiillnl lllllll'lll‘lllll‘l' oil llll'
units. lllll losl :i hard»lou;.:lil 6—2
dcclsion lo l)lck Wllson of ’l‘olcdo ll.
Wilson, ll man with \iiilc cxp 'l‘lclli'i',
capitalized on lwo lllll l'il'ors lo
gain llll‘ advantage

Wilson cycnlually wcnl on lo lzikl'
first place hi the 117 pound class
This ncw iillll'('i adds to his already
lolll,’ llh‘l. llc \l'ils \Vlilll‘H‘ilfll'l’l'
Champion. (lrci-k—lioinan (‘lnonpiun
iii the Australian liaincs and ()lVlIl-
l)l;' ()linnipion.

Wins Second by Default

.loc's only victory at (.‘asc lnsliiiuc.
site of Ilic lourncy. was by way of
default. (icrurd Schast ol Noll‘.‘
Danie, who later dropped a lO—‘J dc-
clslon to Wilson, injured his liner
and was unable lo coinplclc the
match.
Wrestles Defending (‘lniiiiplon

Joe's flnul nuilcli was against .1.
Smott of Edinboi'o Slate 'l'cuclii-rs
College in Pennsylvania. Sniofi, last
year's chairipion. was awarded a
2—1 decision.

JOE

 

llllil.

(iarclii (‘oiniuents on Performance

According in (touch .loc Garcia.
who il"t'iJlllllllllll‘(l Hill on the trip.
"lill' lil'cuks wcrc lust against Joc
lie was lhc aggressor throughout
llll‘ mch and turned 11] a good pic
lorniiiunc.”

Regular Season Opponents

(‘lull‘k “l'lll'l‘ of Union (‘ollcgc
look si-coliil plucc lll lhc 117 class
lhirunz l\\o rcgular scas‘on niccls,
lfill lost two ilci'isions lo Bi'lll‘l‘ by
scorcs of ‘J~ll and 4-0 llii'ick liudollrli
of i"illl'll‘ll.§ll-i)ll'l(lllbi)ll giii‘nci'cil
sccond place in the 14’] class.

in conimcnling on the meet Hill
said, "i lcai'iicd a lot by wrestling
wllh lhc 'pros’ 1 only wish I was
slarlmg my carccr all over again
wrlli what I know now. l fccl that l
wrcsflcil as good as anyone in the
mch. All 1 nccdcd was a couple of
breaks.”

Prediction!

Coach Joe Garcia pi'cdlcls that
four of the participants in the 4-1
Mccl Will win NCAA championships.
They include Wilson and Jim Hop—
pcl. a 14’! poundcr from Bowling
(‘irene

encompasses such powerhouses as Oswego and Ithaca and
will feature wrestlers such as Charlie Kane, the Norwich
sensation who withdrew from State as a once—beaten J un-
ior, and the Ithaca wrestling team, as such.

Ped Representatives

State will make its presence felt in the tourney with
several entrants, including Joe Hill who recently returned
from Cleveland and newly elected co~captain Don Warne.
His partner, co-captain Mike Kessler, is not expected to
wrestle due to an injury.

Others expected to enter include Lou Biolsi, a Soph
who backed up Don Warne at the 147 pound class all
season, Dave Pause, and Dick O’Connor. Several of the
wrestlers the Feds faced during the regular season will

also be on hand—from Oswego, Union, RPI, and others.
State Supplies Helpers

By R0 FENDICK

“‘ State College personnel, vith Coach
0 ' Joe Garcia in charge of the tourna-

I e   ment.
former wrestler, there. and a variety
of student helpers who will serve
require separate admissions. and will
begin at 11:00 Saturday morning.
at the end of the playoffs against a“ “new .  . - .
Beta Zeta gave the defendlng chain- are “00‘ 00“ “swank Aduu mketﬁ

WAA. Actual management and direction
Floor Director will be Dan McNeil,
(hiring the day.
A student ticket purchased for
pious the honor of being the top A Single ticket may be purchased

of the tournament is left mainly to
Sophomore from Oceanside and

I
  f _ The tournament will be divided
into two sessions, each of which will
A two-Dill margin by Pm Den“ ﬁfty cents will admit the holder to
women bowlers for another year. at “115 time for both afternoon and

. ‘ y ~ ' ' “I z , .
H‘ng “0” DOS-“€510” 01 “‘0 mum evening sessions at $1.00 istudent)

trophy for the second consecutive
year, Phi Delta needs only to win
next year's championship for its
permanent possession Jean Nicolai

and $2.00 iadult). The ﬁnals will be—
gin at 7:30, with both these and the
consolations to be run in each of
ten weight classes, after which me~

led the, victors to their win with a duls Wm be awarded in each class

1118“ 23111810 01 199- An outstanding wrestler and team

In With the New trophy will also be given at this
Having discovered that an old limp

WAA scrapbook is in existence, the
organization has decided to bring it
out into the open to keep a picture
record of its sports activities.
Tennis, Girls?

There is a strongr possibilin that
State will how a girls' intercollegiate
tennis team. Interested? See. Coach
Hathaway who will be the instruc-
lol'.

Archery !

Yes, we do have archery equip—
ment. Mrs. Johnson awaits you urch
cry enthusiasts to display sonic iri—
lcrcst.

Election

The newly clcctcd Vice-President
of WAA is l<llcuiiorc Sili’i'i‘slcin ‘61.
1‘ .lob Well Done

’l‘hcsc arc the girls who have been
leading lhc cheers for Slalc this
year: Dcuisc llurlcy '59; Callierinc
Anlonurci and Marcella Van Lieu—
\'llll, Jl mors; Frances Privliga, Lynn
Bculs, Rosalie l<‘cndick, Sylvia Ju—
iiga. .lulic Steiner and Frances Po—
llllllllli, Sophomores; Millicent tic—
ricli. Uail l)sborn and Shelly Kel—
lcrnian. ll‘l‘slllllf‘ll.

Though you may not know all the
girls lililni', most of you know llic
l'ulllulll, Mai'cclla. who has contri—
buch much to llic organimilion dur-
ing llic socccr and buskclball scar»
sons l'ni surc lhc cheerleaders and
flic mlcrcslcd student body Jiilll in
saying, "Wcll done, Marcy, we up»
pi'cclulc your llliic and lnlci'csl Iii
Sliilc's sports "

 

Attention

liASl'llli‘kLI.

(icncral practice for all positions
Monday at 4 pm There. will be an
important iiiccling Monday at 5
pm. All candidates must attend.

TENNIS

Tennis 1)l'llt'll('t‘ will officially be—
gin April ti. All men planning to
try out for the team see Coach
Hathaway beloi'c vacation. Practice
will be daily from 3:30 to 5:30. This
is the ﬁrst year as fl varsity sport.

The student body is strongly en-
coura'cd to support this tourney,
either by coming as a spectator or
helping out in the many jobs that
need to be done in the running of a
tournament. Anybody interested in
helping, out may get the details by
coming lo the gym ofﬁce today, 01‘
contacting this reporter or scoring
director and manager Leigh Walker.

If this tournament is successful it
will mean that State can suport a
l l'J-llililll‘ tournament and will be a
big feather in the cap of a college
that will rapidly take its place in
the sports world as a focus of at-
onion

State C/ashes
With/Manhattan

'l‘oiiighf's basketball game with
Brooklyn Pharmacy has bccn can—
ccllcd. ’l‘omorrow night at 8 o'clock.
the varsity will play Oswego Normal
in the gymnasium.

llrooklyn Coach Baker said, can-
i'clch the game this week,

There are two other games sched-
uled. one with (‘ortlziiul Normal and
onc with the Rochester School of
Optometry [1917).

Manhattan (‘ollcg‘e will be [lie at—
lrnclioli next Saturday night in the
third home game of the basketball
sl‘llﬁllll

Manliallun has been on Slate’s
schedule for several seasons. Last
year's Purch and (told tciiin dc-
fealcd the New York collegiauis
twice by large scores, and the visi-
loi's will be out for l‘cl’cngc next
Sal urday.

Coach Sinively has had the varsity
olll every night this week. The (.‘ol-
gale game revealed some defects in
shooting and passwork, and Coach
will see that the team proﬁts by its
mistakes It is expected that the
Purple and Gold warriors will dis-
play a strong offensive against the
Maiiliattiuis.

As a preliminary to the big game.
the Reserve team will meet the
spgedy St. Joseph's Academy ﬁve.

( 25)

 

