 

‘. .2“,{easy/9.17.411”, 33¢: ; .- .

eczcemr‘ayraw.n";   .- , . ,

1

PAGE 2

   
 

 

I Want to Teach . . .

So you don’t want to teach! Or maybe
you’re just not sure it’s for you; you’re not
dedicated to the profession. Are you a
hypocrite for getting your education under
the pretense that you have a burning de-
sire to be an educator?

Of course we are assuming that you are
not opposed to teaching; you are simply in
a state of indecision. But still are you
usurping the place of some New Yorker who

might make a solid contribution to the mg these nominations due to the vast amount of

state’s educational system?

First of all you must be fairly bright to
be here, so by dint of your superior apti-
tude you have as much right here as any-
one. Secondly this state is not noted for
offering a superior liberal arts aducation to
its more intelligent occupants.

Many students come here to Albany be-
cause it approaches most closely a liberal
arts education, without tuition, and results
in a bachelor’s degree that will be honored
anywhere. We feel that this is valid justi-
ﬁcation for being here. Can someone be
blamed for seeking the best education he
can from the state, and for wanting a de-
gree—to teach or not to teach?

Best

Jonas Salk.

Lastly this is a College for Teachers, not
a Teachers’ College. It is foremost a college
and next an institution for teacher-prepara-
tion. We incur no moral obligation to the
state or to the ﬁeld when we enter Albany.

taininent that

material we had to work with

Best Cartoon—Anything that you have happened
to see in Ed. 20 or 21.

Best ’l‘ravalog‘ue—Thc Chow Line at Brubacher.

Best Musical Sound Track—The minute waltz play-
ed by Lawrence Welk in 45 seconds.

Best Musical (‘omedy—The Story of World War II.

Worst Supported Actress—June Allyson.

Worst Supported Actor—Trigger.

Best Actor—Libcrace in I Married a Woman.

Best Actress—Debbie Reynolds.

Best Movie—The Late Show.
Science Fiction Movie—Tom
Electric Grandmother.

Best Local ’I‘heatre—Leland, for constantly showing
the highest class of entertainment.

Best Song—"I've Got You Under My Skin" by Dr.

Swift and his

Best Documentary—Action shots froin Dippikill.

Best l’hotog‘rapity—Explorer II.

Best Scriiit—KAPITAL KAPERS.

Next week Kapital Kapers takes on a new chal-
lenge. Besides writing the usual garbage about movies
we will endeavor to comment on all forms of enter-
is beitig
weekends. This will be an attempt on our part to
encourage places of' entertainment other than the date

presented to you on the

rooms at Brubachcr.

Give A Yell...

The athletics budget, as approved for the
next school year, has no accommodations
for the cheerleading squad that now
exists. This means that in order to have
cheerleading as a recognized club or group,
the squad will have to completely reorga-
nize its tactics, cheers, and style.

Suggestions for the future include: Girls
functioning as individuals not as members
of a squad, getting a response from the
audience because of their enthusiasm f'or
the sport and their contact and popularity
With the fans. This involves a great deal
of Showmanship. Our squad has many
girls on it that could function in this
manner. These girls have stunts in the
form of cartwheels, somet‘saults, etc, which
they can’t use because the rest of' the squad

, this year’s.
can t do them. In the present set-up cheer-

Fair Fare . ..

We'd like to be able to say that State Fair
was a great success—but we can’t. Its fail-
ure to measure up to expectations is cer-
tainly not due to its Chairmen who worked
long and hard only to be greeted by a rela-
tively small and blase group 01' participants.

Obviously not because of the conﬂict with
the basketball tournament, attendance and
interest were low enough to warrant a
generalization: State Fair is getting stale.
People are tiring of getting their friends
wet, shaving balloons, watching spinning
wheels and amateur theatrics.

Unless next year’s Fair offers some new
and bright ideas, as we’re sure it can, the
results will be no more spectacular than

 

leading demands uniformity. Uniformity
does not breed audience response on the
college level. Let's try something different!
such as setting up cheerleading on an indi-

eqel‘e/ua malice

 

vidual ability level will perhaps limit the
number of cheerleaders to three or i'our
noteworthy individuals.

A further suggestion is a pep squad. Such
a group could use to advantage the unifor-
mity which spoils cheerleaders. Membership
could be open and varied. Maybe pep rallies
could get more publicity this way, too!

STATE COLLEGE

ESTABLISHED MAY

NEWS
1916

BY THE CLASS OF IQIB

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACI’

Vol. XLIV March o lll‘ill Ni, (5
Mum,” i,i  Hiatus,  I,t' Ilili},' . l .i ..i. ill-‘i 'A‘i-iiim-iiii‘, from ’I to
11 pin at L’ 3'in cw i. no: l‘imii‘ Hiii'l. ii 1.‘ .l, from ii 2 iii'Jo‘ (ii‘iiliaiu

241320, imagiicit; 2 505,7

'liir: under/ratiqu Il.’ ,. -: .! J‘.. A ( ,k
7:

 

. ,. .. ‘o i. rj'iiu- (,'ol.cgi: loi' ’lciiiliers, pub»
Iishcd every Friday ol 'I.I.‘ Cont“ .i :i i.. .r Sins limit: llll Ilit: Stiilitﬂil AJMIIJIIIIIUII.
ELIZABETH HI‘I‘JNCHt {Jo l'Jiiitor-lii»(.‘iiii-r
MONICA 'l‘erSKliii Iftrl’iilllul lli Clill'l
DAVID I'ELUMAN Feature Editor
JAMES DOUIIIIEH'I‘Y ' Sports l-Jdmu
JAMES McIIUUII l'io.ii lti:iiit.oiis Editor
JANE GRAHAM Ilizllil.‘ .7 A'I’A‘I'Ilhlllg la‘iiitoi
JANICE GRAHAM — i.‘ ll ‘Ilr: lori lurIlloi
Iti'JIsEIt'l' KAMI‘I‘ ('oi...iiltaiit Sports ludilni
['ﬂoTouuAI'uY blitr (‘ollcgii I’iioto Bt'ltltl'
All toiiiiiiuiiii‘alioi.‘ ..‘.o iii! lil' .zililii l'l to ",i i-o,ii,, 211,4: ;,, by m. Mum Nun,“I
on“ he “Hum-m or, {your .l 'l :.i h'l All: (.‘Ul l l (il'. NLWS l i :o I! poriiihilty
(m {Nubian}, pzmi-i, r-ii .ii .‘s, io.iiii.i.. or to or. iiitt .i'loii., .is ~ iiii ("Iiiill' ..ioi..~. do not
necessarily reflect it» View,»
.. {9'94 l
“@994”

 

ln ordcr to clciir tip oucstioiis concerning the lac-
IIi,\‘ cilctci'lzi the
Ninth" The new faculty (Illilli’.! room. the Class oi' Till
ltooin. bctwccii IIil‘ cafeteria and lliehardSon Hall, is
for ihc faculty only.

tollowing regulations have been

The old faculty dining room will be open to stu»
dents with ihc following stipulations: Milne students
have ll>t- of tire room from ll‘lf) to 11'45 iim, daily.
No classcs ll'l‘ io iisc tlit
sioiis. ()i'gdill/ulhrhs in.i_v iisc this room for any time

room for regular class ses-

duriiig ihc dai cxccpt ill?) to 11:45
am by rigning up in the Food
Hri'yiccs (iiiict- tilic sccoiid door to
llll‘ l‘l'QIiI licyoiid tlic citin register
iii the caictciiiii, and by placing a
(gird on Ilil‘ door of llil' i'oriin (Ic-
iioiing hours oi l‘l‘ht‘l’Vltlliill Ii' thcrc
:irc no clitsscs scheduled, the room
is open to all students.

Campus Commission hopes that
ihc publication of these regulations
will clear up the confusion and
abundance of iiiisconccpttoii coli-
ccrmng the room.

 

Notice

The Dean’s List which was
published in the February 20,
liliiii issue of the S'I‘A’I‘IC (‘OL-
LEO-Iii NEWS has been an-
nounced an incomplete by the
lice-it's Office.

Oscar E. Luiil’ord, “can oi' the
t'ollcgc, has tirade the. follow-
ing additions: 'l‘licrcsa Schaalck
Till, Ii‘rerlerick Kampl‘cr ’60, Rich-
ard lirccn 'tll, Linda liel'asouale
and Ii'rcdcriclta Newton, (‘lass
of 'oz.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 6. 1959

KW K6716“

By GEBHARDT and PASQUARELLA

Strand—These Thousand llills—Don Murray.
Palace—The Journey—Deborah Kerr, Yul Brynner.
Madison—Auntie Mame—Rosalind Russell.
Delaware—Separate Tables—David Niven.
Ritz—South Pacific—Roberto Rossellini.
Leland—Viva Zapata.

This week Kapital Kapei's comes otit with their
fearless nominations for the State College Alfreds.
Named after our past exalted potentate, Alfred E.
Neuinan, these awards represent the best that Holly-
wood has to offer. Many problems existed in choos-

 

 

   

 

imWM-” a

“Wonder if they'll call it the Class of '60 Room when they finish."

 

 

Gem-Skim

By YOUNGS & BURMEISTER

     

It is wonderfully hard for a man to judge of his own ca-
pacity . . . but it is not methinks so very difficult a matter to
make judgment of the abilities of others, especially those who
are in their infancies." (Steele)

NOTHING TO IT

WS —the age of Abbreviations is firmly entrenched.

WM—throughout this article WS means what we said and WM indi—
cates what we meant. This is the long-awaited WORD.

INVITATION

WS -~Third in the tournament but tops in our esteem.

WM-~Our basketball team did a nice job at the Oswego Tournament
A similar improvement next year and we'll have it won.

NOW YOU NEED IT, NOW YOU DON’T

WS —Congratulations to the director of Frosh Weekend!

WM——It‘s a big responsibility; are you sure he's qualified? After all.
you have to average together all the considerations.

ELI'SIVE BLACKGUABD

WS —Boy Scout paper drives are nice but . . .

WM—An organization on campus has told us that we have a postci
stealing poppa around. Anyone have a patent for poster prio-
locks?

THEATER FOR SURE

WS —farcc can be funny!

WM»~Wc'd like to pay our compliments to an excellent examplc of
play production. Sparkle, charm, and genuine talent held thc
stage of 291 for a week—a direct Contrast to some efforts we‘ve
seen on campus.

ELEMENTARY IIEAL’I‘II

WS—Have you ever noticed the brand oi' perfume prevalent ai'tci' a
girls' phys. ed. class?

WM~~Why doesn't a school that trains teachers provide facilities that
we were taught. to use at home and in high school health"
Specifically where can girls take show'ers in this school?

EVIC’I‘EI)?

WSA vHard to get to class on time these days, isn‘t it?

WMWIt‘s not that one over-sleeps, one just can‘t push through thr
tea-parties in the hallways very rapidly. Isn‘t it too bad that
students have no place except the middle of the corridors
in which to congregate!

NO KNOWLEDGE

WS ()tir faculty really gets around. huh?

WM Well. if the student body had It new cafeteria, you can bet
they'd know it was open! Perhaps the faculty nccds a ncw
minister of commtinications too. Or arc they all boycottins H
as a protest on otir behalf?

l)l'NKICL l00

WS now is tllc time fOr all. good Women to come to thc .\id oi
their coiintrY.

WM The (Jury Holway Nigiit is a worthwhile iii‘rijt't'l
do somcthing now, Sunday‘s too late,

ANY SIIUUICS'I‘IONS’.’

WSS- Wondcr what they're going to do with the old faculty calciciia"

WM This might be our big opportunity to get a govt-riiincnt oiiii't'
Hi It”!!! Inni- ttnlcss Urchlns, lnc.. lit‘t‘fl a club rooin twc could
observe them or something iniiylici

YOU DO ['1‘

W8 A common statement by thc common-st:itcrs on the slate oi
thc Commons. You don’t lciivc a baby in dirty diapcrs,

WM IT'S l“Il./I‘IIY. This would be a good pliicc to start. clciiii :'.U\
inciit. Mr. President.

SLI‘SII ANI) SMI'T

WS Wilt-ll'l ihc Staid (‘ollcgc (inns grciit!

WM h‘lntc I"illl‘ was fine, cxccpt. wlici'c Vl‘l‘li' the cciiiioi's .it 'I In"
iWc llt'lll‘ they walked out. cinbiii'riisscd’2;

'.’ OI" ‘I‘IIE WEEK
Will you be happier after it) than ,iiri-i- 29'}

College Calendar

l-‘llllHY, MAIH‘II 6

i! a m 74 pin HCA Elections for 'l‘rciisurcr, Low'ei‘ lluslcd

i oo pin Junior (floss Meeting. liruper 211.

7 (it) pin The (‘aptain’s I'aradlsc. lirupcr 34!).

li'IiU pni llillcl Sabbath Scrvuzc, 'l‘cinplc ()hiiv Sholoin
l! on pm. The. ('aptaln's Paradise, Draper 340.
SA’l‘l'ltiiAY. MARCH 7

l]<‘o‘ p.m :‘llllltillttl liridgc ’1‘ournainciit Warm-tip Session.
’ :0 p in. iary llolway Night, State—ltl’l game t‘aic (‘ ’iii
scanar. iuAitcii ti ' ' L '3
10.140 am. Lox and Bagel Brunch, ’l‘eiii ilc ()hav Slitiltiiil
TUESDAY, Million 10 I '

7 Iii) 1)."). Printer Meeting. Brubachcr.
THURSDAY. MARC" 12

l - 6 DJ". National Bridge 'l'ouriiaincnt Warm-up Session.

It you iiiii'cc.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE N'E‘WS. FRIDAY. MARCH 6.-1959

 

 

Opportunities Available for Summer Work;
Program Includes Seminars, Travel, Study

Summers can offer an opportunity
to help the less fortunate people of
the world. A wide variety of op-
portunities are available for work-
camps, community and institutional
service, \\'()l'l{lll.", seminars, and ex—
change programs,

Work (‘amps

Projects of social significance cri-
ablc students to serve in an ai'ca of
l'(‘lll need. Projects have included
such things as the construction of
a chapel at. an SCM ctmference
ccntcr in Finland and giving social

services to migrant laborers in New
York State.

(‘ommunity and Institutional
Service

Volunteer jobs are available for
students to work in wards of mental
hospitals as group leaders on recre-
ational projects, or in team work
ti, meet a social need manifested by
a community.

An opportunity is also offered to
work with underprivileged children
in a camzung program in New York
State.

Working Seminars

Industry programs are held in
many large cities including Chicago
and Philadelphia.

A opportunity to tour the USSR
and meet its people is ofTered to
24 United States students through
the US-USSR Exchange program.

These are but a few of the op-
portunities to work, study, travel.
and serve in all parts of the world.
For more information check the
SCA bulletin board or contact Rev.
Frank Snow or Dorothy Davis 59.

 

I

 

Euclid proved that a straight
line is the shortest distance
between two points. And if
you’ll walk a straight line to the
nearest pack of" Winstons, you'll
find it the. shortest distance to
a really enjoyable smoke. It’s
the tobacco upfront that makes

The whole is equal
to the sum of its parts

(BM .mmr 0/1}! [mm are more (’q/Id/ [/9412 (it/amid)

 

'1.
V.

 

Even Euclid had to admit...

It’s what’s up front
that counts

the (inference and that’s where
Winston packs its own exclusive
Ii‘iltcr'-Bleiid-~~»a special selection
of light, mild tobacco, specially
processed for filter smoking.
You’ll find Filter-Blend gives
Winston a flavor without paral-
lel. In fact, it’s axiomatic that...

WINSTON TASTES GOOD, LIKE A CIGARETTE SHOULD!

It I. IitrNOlDS TOBACCO C0..W|NSTON'5ALEM. N.C.

 

 

 

The Facade

By DAVE FELDMAN

Rocket ships, guided and unguid-
ed missiles! They whirl around the
world, they twist about the moon,
they are aimed at the sun!

That is the problem right there.
They are trying to hit the sun with
a guided missile. How tragic, how
potentially terrible! People of the
world, stop! Do you know what you
are doing? If they ever do hit the
sun, that bright golden life giving
orb, they might put it out. They will
smash it like a little boy shooting
otit a trillion watt bulb with a BB
gun. They want to smash it into a
million pieces of crunchy cold hy-
diogcn.

Do you know what will happen
then? Doesn't anyone realize what
will become of us if we commit this
heinous crime?

There will he no more light—ex-
cept at night when the moon shines.
Immorality will run rampant —~ all
night parties will be something to
behold. The bars will not know when
to close; or worse yet, when to open.
Morning classes will be evening
classes. oruwho knows?

Think of the poor student who
wakes up on the morning after the
sun has been shot out by us. The
student will shirt off his alarm clock
and look out the darkened window.
He will scratch his head, shake the
clock and probably go back to sleep.
Every time he wakes up he. will
think that his clock is wrong and
go barn; to sleep. Whole flocks of
:.tutltnt.s llilly die from over-sleep.

And think of the lovers breath-
lr.~s:-.ly waiting to see the sun rise
(i'.tl' the silvery Hudson. Yeah—just
think.

J. Poibe Comes
ToC ol legeC amp

()ne S turday, late in February,
group of "Outing Clubbers" hired
truck for the purpose of bringing
water tank and more sleeping bags
to “Dippikill,” the State College
Camp. On the way, our college fron-
titrsmeii met an old, wrinklede-up
man named Julian Potbc.

1i scciiis that Mr. Potbc gradu-
ath from Albany State, and was
twinty—third in the class of 1890.
Since he provided the money to buy
Dippikill in the first place, Julian
decided that he would like to go to
the camp. too. So he climbed in the
back of the truck which is not al—
ways the best way in the world to
Illt\'l‘lt. and he arrived at the out-
cont imi‘tttiib“ for woodiinen, a lit-
tic ‘llll’l‘ll ip, but very exuberant.

Mr Potlic likcil it so well, that
he is g. in; ti stay at Dippikill for
the rest o1 his life. Plans are bcing
in.i.lc for Juliana l’otbc, his wife. to
J. in him.

It wrl b" nice to have tw'o old
iriciids to lc p Dippikill‘s fires go—
111.! for State campers. Julian and
Johnna would like to share their
tirioyincni of ihc camp with all its
ti\'\lil'l':i this wcckcnd. They will be
glad to ’t‘l‘ you.

IFG Presents
Alec Guiness

Air-c (‘uuniicss in The Captain's
Paradise will be presented tonight,
at 7 and ii |),lll., by the International
li'ihn (iroup 'l‘lici'c Will be it show-
ing of (‘arnit‘n Jones Vt'cdncsduy
at ’I and ti pin. instcad oi I"I'ltl.iy
l)!‘ iiusc of a conflict wtth itlllt'l'
:t'liiiril activities

The (‘aptain

Mr (itiinnr-ss opcratcs a ferry
boat. Each morning lit‘ kisses It wric
goodbye lii (iibi'altnr only to arrive
a >Iitil'l lliiic later in North Africa
to kiss another wiic iicilo. 'iliings
and thc icrry operate smoothly ior
ihc captain until a bikini bathing
suit clouds the issue.

t'uriucu .loiics _

The plot is it modern adaptation
of the opera "(intuit-n,“ while. the
nut-.ic has been given new lyrics by
ltoger Iiiuninci'stcin. b‘ltll'i'liig' roles
aic handled by Harry Belafoiite,
l’cui'l Bailey. and Dorothy Dand—
ridge.

  

Probably the only people who will
survive after a period of disorder
and turmoil will be the Eskimos and
the Penguins because they are used
to rather long Arctic and Antarctic
nights. (It may be argued that Pen-
guins are not people—but if they
survive they will be entitled to call
themselves that.)

You have been warned people of
the world—so beware!

RS. Did you notice the picture of
me? Wasn't it awfully nice of me to
pose for It? Don't forget to look at
the paper every week so that you
can admire the picture.

 

 

 

A tttg of war and coffee hours
ltig‘hlig‘ht activrtics on Greek Row
for this week.

Kappa Delta

Rita Lesko '59, President, an-
nounces that Rosalie Fendick and
Paula DeCrescenzo, Sophomores
were recently pledged.

Kappa Delta will hold a coffee
hour for the men of Sigma Lambda
Sigma Monday evening at 8 13.111.

I'si Gamma
A coffee hour for the men of Al-
pha Phi Alpha will be held Monday

at 8:15 p.ni., announces Jane Cass
'59, President.

Margaret Kropac '61, has been
elettcd as ISO representative.
Sigma Phi Sigma

Susan Goldi'arb ’59, President,

states that Linda Bosworth '62 has
been initiated as a member.

Gamma Kappa PM

Peter C. Benedict, Assistant Pro-
lessor of Science, Richard F. Smith,
Associate Professor of Chemistry.
and Margaret M. Stcwart, Assistant
Professor of Biology, have accepted
invitations to become honorary
members, announces Joan Anderson
‘59, President.

Edward Eldrcd I’ottcr (‘lub

Donald MeLtiin '55). Prcsidcnt,
states that the pledges will hold a
party for the members Friday cve-
rung. Co-chairmcn for the party
are Ciii'l Epplcmnn and John Mitr-
phy, ll't‘SIlillt‘li.

Sigma Lambda Sigma

(iai'y Jones '62, and William Pas-
qiicrclli ’61 art.- (Jo-Chairmen of
the dance sponsored by pledges for
the brothi rs, states John Cocca '59,
President. The dance will be held
at the Circle Inn next week.

Alpha I'i Alpha

Frank Krivo '59. Prcsident, an-
iioiuices that 'hc plcdgcs will have
a tug of war with the sisters oi Kap-
pii Dcltii, (‘lii Sigma 'I'lictu. (iltllllliit
Kappa Phi. and Beta thu Sunday
iiilci‘iiooii. JtiIlll Modrlci' '60, iii
than-man of thc ciciu. A party \\llI
follow the tug oi war

Primer Announces
New Bulletin Board

(..'t‘t'll Ilium. Editor-in-Chici of
tlic l'riiner, b‘luic's literary maga-
i'inc, Would like to draw the illicit-
tiou ot the student body to the bill—
It‘llll board newly dcdicatcd to
I'riincr's iisc Any i.tlici' notices oi
importance will bc posted lli’l'i‘.

'l‘he bulletin board, prciiousiy us-
ed by the Penguin, ls located Just
outside the (Io—op.

(‘ovel' lieslgn

Nothing has, as yet, been submit-
ted tor the cover design contest. (ict
your entries in soon; the deadline
is March 17. The. deadline for liter-
ary submissions is April ti, the day
after Easter vacation.

  

