  

PAGE 2

Find Us a Leader . . .

It was very nice when some unknown higher-up let us
have a student parking lot. It was even nicer when he let
everyone park there. The only problem we now have is that
others besides State College students park there and the
lot now is so bumpy and rutted that one must use it at
the risk of his car’s suspension.

The solution to the former problem, that of outsiders
parking there, is to give window stamps to students and
have some one check them.

The latter is more serious. The exit is so deeply rutted
that most people leave by the entrance. This helps to clog
the already overly trafﬁcked Western Avenue stretch in
front of Draper Hall. Those who do use the normal exit
do so taking the chance of seriously damaging the under?-
structure of their cars.

Is there no organization on campus that will take care
of the problems that will inevitably come up concerning
our convenient lot? And what happened to our benevolent
higher-up?

D.E.F.

Administrative Restrictions

A difﬁcult situation came up this week when a State
College fraternity was questioned and reprimanded by IFC
for a party it had sponsored. In attempting to find the core
of the problem, we have come to the conclusion that a good
part of the reason for the entire Situation may lie in the
phiIOSOphy of the college toward fraternities.

Fraternities on this campus are viewed on a vastly
different level from those on most campuses. For a school
priding itself on the freedom of the student body, ours is
sorely lacking in any social independence. The strict con-
trol of the administration on fraternity life in no way
agrees with the policy of treating the student as a mature
person capable of decision. As a result of so many restric-
tions, incidents such as last Saturday’s occur and are
curbed by even further restriction.

The fraternity at State is not typical of fraternity life
This college allows four groups to operate within the limits
set by the administration. It would seem logical that stu-
dents allowed to make their own decisions would assume
the responsibility and maturity that comes with such a

privilege.
E.A.S.

SUNY Publishes. . .

A major step in the progress of the State University
of New York was taken recently with the publication of Dr.
Bernard Huppe's monograph.

To us at State College the book itself is less noteworthy
than the fact. that the University is now providing for
“wider distribution of the products of State University
faculty scholarship. . . 

As members of the University we can all be justiﬁably
proud of the fact that our institution has begun to expand
into an area marked for scholastic interest and achieve-
merit.

 

E.A.S.

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSI’A Ht‘l'itllll l‘ldi'c ACI‘

  

Vol Xl.lV .\i.i-. it. l‘Jo'J 5.3, H
.\I-:i.lol ml  i} '.‘.‘ “ l ' I . \
ll ,i.i vl' ’ ‘I 4-.‘ l. l l ‘ I l: r . t r,
l'lilli In”: .-l , ' tI,.
‘Im A ‘I,:.l‘, ‘ .r‘ ,).r‘ t‘ '. 'x‘ I i.
i r it '.i K I 'IJ. '\ , t.

,:.i~d t .vl, ii .:.i, ttj' -
l u I Mint in I liici
(o Iiliioi In tllll’l

\“or i.iie liiiioi

I LIIAIII I'll \I'I- \i I.“
\Il)\l"\ 'IN.\\KI \
ILOIHJH' (:I.ISII,\ItlJI
II.\ItIS.\lt.\ lillIOl \
II.\\ID I'I'JJIMKN
I,\.\II.H DUI (iIII III \
l,\.\II:~i \IrIIl (-Il
.I\NI. i:|(\ll\.\l

l\.’\l( I'. inIt\II\\l
ItiHHJtI' I\' \\II‘I‘

\ssoririle IiIlloi

Ierilliie Idilor

~ipolls Idllni

I'nbli It: Lilions lillioi
liiisliiiss \llieillsliig lil.lot
liiiulilllim Illllol
(onurlianl \IIUIls Idiloi

I'llU'lOtiIiAl‘HY ‘luir (ollege l‘holo \il\lt|'

-‘ii would . l iii. .r I-i' .i‘ .t ‘ r. ‘ . l'il .r: . our o l rim I .. t r..
v in be hillrfn .r: on lit, ie' lie 11" '-.Il. ’11:.ll‘til‘. HILW'J‘ ,r illl i.o II pm. or..".
t'l; ii, i tooliirir hi i. t  to o,. .i ith mupit or. no no!

for opinion ciph-

here an". ‘r Itlli‘ l ,' viva,

 '

 

 

 

 

KW (ca/Jud
By Gebhardt and Pasquerella

This being the last column of the
year for Bill and my final column,
I would like to thank Bill for the
time he has spent writing, (this
gave me more drinking time) and
also I would like to thank all of
you fans for degrading caustic and
mostly uncalled for remarks that
we have met with this year. We
would like to thank the editors for
cheery phone calls at twelve o'clock
Wednesday night asking us where
the hell our column was, and giving
us only eighteen lines this week.

I’.-\LA(‘E—Gidget
STRAND—Some Like It Hot
MADISON—Gigi
RI’I‘Z—South Pacific

 

communication/1

 

To the Editors:

In February of 1958, along with
the students of West House. girls of
Brubaclier were "begged" to move
into 1111 unﬁnished building on West-
ern Avenue. We had to pllt up with
ii lot of incoriveniences. The only
laundry facilities we had were batti-
room sinks. There was objection
when we tried to wash our sheets
in the bathtubs. We couldn't do our
laundry iit Brli so we had to have
it done in lziuiidromats. In additioir
we had to walk over to Bru for
dinner Due to the fact that we did
not have venetian blinds or curtain
rods, it was rather difficult to get
dressed with any amount of privacy.
With spotlights from boys‘ dorms
shining through our windows and
workmen patrolling our halls twelve
hours a day. we had to be on guard
at all times. The rooms were not
equipped with closet doors or mir-
rors. Our guests never knew how
to get into the building because
there was no front door. Their next
problem ‘.‘.':l> to locate the girl. This
had to be done by a “runner” in
the beginning bill later we had a
faulty intercom. These were the
main nictinvcniences. We could list
several more.

In spite of these incoiivenienccs.
\vc Lill'lzs mode the best of the situ—
ation and with Mrs. (iramm‘s guid—
once and li’lilil cheer we had :i
pleasant stay in our residence.

We now have a beautiful. coili-
plctcd dorm. Some of us are being
evicted to give preference to those
people who wouldn't. give up their
comforts lll February or September.
Now that, the building is completed.
these opportunist» want to move lll.
We can't blame them. bill we cull
only say that the original occupants
who want to keep ilieir earned It's-
mics should be allowed to remain
in the dorm

To the Editors:

We the hrolhcrs of Sigma l.:lllll)-
(lit Sigma oiler our most sincere
:iliilltiglt'a ltl Illl‘ .idiiillilsli'.itloii, lhi-
lr.dcriiiiii n the sororities, iill(l the
students cl Stile (‘ollcgc ior any
i'.ill)'|l'l‘Ii .‘llll‘lll Ul‘ llli'UllYl'llli‘llI‘l'
l‘.ill.\t'tl ihciii or. ii result oi our May
1-3 formal weekend

Hcspi-cllllll‘.

Barry W. .Izinuison,
I'residcnl.

To the Izditors:

'l'o lli‘. n lil'l, ihc lldtilllttlidl Mill)
iiii' lli'l’l ﬁdlilltlru lili'lrl itilll-l
li.i\t~ lnill oilc I | lire liilirl lli'.lllllllll
.iiid lil li.:iigliil I‘tillt‘pi- i‘\i'[ll.‘a of
[tie \'i}ll llowe.ci the rilli‘lltliillit'
was s. pool llltl we Illltlll Hist 11
‘.\t'.l hint tlnnumttd the silly all
t i'illit'l

tiiri- ol the ..illtlcst nilils I.ilrti l
llli'.lll i:.il in .i stiitlmciitail way:
was .-r|'t'lil' the Seniors walk down
to W. tern A\|li|it‘ with then crim-
on banner draped oicr their
slit [1,(lt‘l‘, 'ltiti li.ill there were only
lIllIII‘lli id ihcrn'

i iioiiid h..c to hear student
opinion on whether or n-tl the Mill)
tunilnlliccs of the llIlIIlt' should go
to all the trouble illlil i'f-i'pi'iise ol
Illl'iiilpﬂlll,; ll sliit!

ltlioda Levin ’60
Special Days

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 8. 1959

 

 

Gammon-Std“

By YOl'NGS & BUItMElS’l‘EK

   

“The fault, dear Brutus, lies not in our stars but in ourselves"
I Shakespeare)
I'JXI’OSIC
Ya see. gang, what we're trying to say is. there’s a purpose in this
here educating business. Now their. we‘re going to try to show you the
correct way oiii of this maze.

XL, ARO. I~1'l‘(‘.

Social organi/iitioiis can be an asset to broadening social COIItthir-
and relations. When they become so demanding and time consuming
that yotl have to neglect scholarly duties you're on your way out rather
than up.

('OME TO ORDER

Since it's glorious to see your name plastered all over the pCl‘lStyli“
a tempting detour is government. OK. blit while you're there_ do some—
tliiiig and don't forget to remember the main road.

IC\'I'I.\' STEVENS

A wise man once Silltl. “If you don't enjoy your company, others
won‘t." And if you never cut loose frorii your paper doll row, how will
you ever know? There's more than one kind of crutch.
L'ARNINO

Most college work is on an abstract letel. Too had many of us stay
there and fail to transfer to life situations. Down from the clouds, little
Penguins rwc need you on the ground

SOI'SIS .-\ LOI'SIC

btlt not a person, Too many are permanently derailed iii the dregs
of a beer glass. A motor needs :1 drop of liquid; a goose needs a lake
IDOL 0R IDLE WORSIIII’

Athletics can be valuable or ii waste. So far we haven't reached the
idol worship prevalent in several other higher institutions. State seems
p. providi- ii good balance of chrcise and study.

ONI; Ll'I"l‘l.Ii. 'I‘OO Ll'l"I‘LlC

A little knowledge is a dringirous thing, a little person even more
so. Expansion of the mind and heart costs nothing; shrinkage cost.
ll‘ll‘lltl.\. A cut llil:llll be caught in the trap intended for :i l‘lil.
ltI‘IICl. .»\.\'l) l)l£.\l.

Some oi us like to be treated like it king or queen, liaie lots of Jack.
look like the deuce. act like a joker and should be dealt. with. The i'I'll
ot the Mississippi griliililt‘l' has passed. .dlhoilgh curd playing to it
limited extent can he relaxing
1’ OI“ 'I'lll'i WEI-2K

(iotiil l?) — bye hull)

 

Co/lege Calendar

I'lill);\\" MAY 8
“I (Ill .1 ill

 

l)l'il‘.\llr‘.' for Male ltl'hltll'lrt‘c lii llrripcr lll) Student PM oh
llt‘l ()lllii' ‘

if (It) pill .‘\l’,’\ ll.lr-llii.il l’dl'iy .il .\/Io»slli's iitivl-

E) — 1 .im l’otler (‘hib l"til'lli.il l’ollsli (foirrmiurliy (.‘t-i ll'l

S.\'l'l lilIAI'. .\l:\\' ii

in tit) :tm Mcctlnu lor lt‘it-hmzin Vi'cckciid (‘oiinsclor in lhiibotIn-r
‘1 iii) pill I’ollt-l Alttliinl Softball (Lillie Vctcrniis' Held

7 oo pm x\l‘A l*‘oiinril l)ninci~l)inice (ilass lriikc

ii iii) pin l'ollei i'luh liiioinml l’urly, Hampton llotel

hl NIIAY. MAY It)

3 (it) pin AI‘A l‘ll‘ltl .tt 'l'hrttihei l’urk.

l‘ottei‘ l’lt'irl .ii 'l'liott’lici l‘.ii'k

l’:~l (iillillllil Intrulti l’it'nli
’l‘l'I'I-.SII.\\'. .\I.\I’ l'3
Host-hall H'I'A'llti is ()NI‘IHN'I‘A lilccckcr Hliid‘iunl
lenm. S‘lA’lla‘ \w ()Nla‘tm'l'A, Washington Aicinie (‘oiut

II ill) pill
-I lit) pin
'IIIl'ItSDAY. MAY II

’/ is; it [Hit
it till pin

ll"(l l“illll. ('all Me Madame. Draper 154!)
Sllls lilldge Session, lirubliclier Upper Lonnie

I'ltlIIAL MAY If)
it Iii) pm, Dix/A Legend for Lovers, Page lhill.
PiA'l‘lfltl)AY, MAY 16

ii 30 pnr UA'A Legend for Lovers, Page Hull

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 6. 1959

 

PAGE 3

 

Senate:

Senate Muddles Through
Muck and Mire of Budgets

By NATALIE LEMOINE

There is an ambiguous aiirorphic
body on rumpus known as Student
Senate. Last Wednesday night. in
the private dining room Ill Bru—
baeher this group met and in the
ensuing confusion many people said
many things, more or less coherent-
ly. Some people smoked and some

Seniors Plan
Final Events

The plans for the Ciinimencement
weekend liaitc been announced by
Donald T. McClain, President of the
Senior Class.

Banquet

The Senior banquet will be held
at Herbert‘s Restaurant 'l‘hursday
night. Thi: banquet will be open
to Seniors and their dates. Dancing
will be held from 9 pm. to 1 211]].
Guests will include: President tlll(l
Mrs. l‘Ivnn R. Collins; Dean and
Mrs. ()scnr E. lranioid; and Dean
Ellen Stokes.

Also present. will be Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Kelly, Miss Margie Kellencr.
hoili of whom were clliss guardrails
of the l'llt.\> ol Till (hiring their
freshman year. .lllil Mr. and Mrs.
Brimnier.

Senior Bzill

Friday night \‘lll feature ilie Sin—
ior Ball to be held Iii llll Aurunin
Club. Danimg will be from 9 pin.
to l .I'lll. with n.usic l)i‘lll.; featured
by the Ai'quelics.

Ull(li‘l‘(‘ltiSSIllt’li are ('tll'tlliilly iii—
vilcd to etteiicl. Bids for under—
clrissiiien and those other than Sen-
iors will be $3.00.

('lriss Skit and 'l'orchlight ('ereinoiiy

Saturday night. will feature the
eliiss skit, directed by Marion Sclor—
lino and George Harris, and the
annual torcliligni ceremony. Imme-
diately following the ceremony. the
class will be inducted iiiio the Al—
umni Association.

('ommenccment

On Sunday morning Baccalaure—
‘ili' services will be held ill the vari-
oils churches sponsoring them. At
9:31) am. (Toriimeiiciineiii exercises
will be held on Dorm li‘ield or at
lllt‘ Palace Theatre ii it rains. 'Ilic
Itilzll cost, of lhe banquet and for-
mal for riiernbers of the Senior cl.i~.-
will be $12.00. This amount will he
'lmrged \\'ll(‘llltl zi Hi'lllill‘ .iiienos
one or both functions and \\llli or
without :i dole

Ped Extends
Photo Dates

The .'iJ-i‘(lllt)i'~ oi the I'eilrigogllc.
.lunc Alexander and ‘leieso licrzini,
.liliiior'.~. ll.l\t’ .iiiiioiuiccd tli.i| lllt'li‘
will be .llltllll"l' two days to timkc
:ippointnitnis for Senior cl.is plo
lures ior llli‘ liltit) l'cdagoglic.

Sheets \\lll li‘lii.il|l lll lower l)r.ip-
cr until 'int-sdoi and it It» hoped
th..t there will he .in iinproit-nn-nl
Ill stun—lip

l'l'ool‘s

l’ioots oi pl Inits token will hc
[liritl’(l :ii :~||ltll'lil lll.ill Ml)lltl:l\.
.\l.ii lit ‘ihcse itllllrl:- must he re—

lililltil it. lil’lit).itllt‘l, [liltlll 1. .ill\*
Iilllt‘ nctxttiii .\l.c\ It to May 3.;

~-— RAMP COUNSELOR OPENINGS -——t

N For Faculty, Students and Graduates —

The Association of Private Camps

comprising ‘250 outstanding

States and (ammo.

available.

:35 West 413ml Si-recl

 

(o-Iiil (amps. located throughout New England, Middle Atlantic
. l.\'\ I’I‘I'ZS \‘Ol'll INOI'Iltllm concerning summer employment
.is ('oiiiisellors. Insirncloi‘s or Administrators.

, POSITIONS in children's camps, in all areas of activities, are

ASSOCIATION OI“ PRIVATE CAMPS—DEPT. C

wrote notes to their friends Others
drew pictures to amuse themselves.
'10 Be Or Not

Alter auriiinistering the oath of
o..iee to Barbara Libous, the Senate
(llSCtlh‘Sctl at great length the cori-
strtiitroii or Student Union Board,
iuirirruiriy known on campus as
Suﬁ. it took a while to decrue what
are .orleit name of this college is,
and their to decide whether a pre-
.tmb.e was necessary or pertinent.

Shades of Council

ni‘lliltt‘ sounded very much like
lne old Student Council as they re—
vrewco. slowly and painfully, the
bUB constitution. This form or men—
nil ioriui'e was supposed to have
,.ecii (IOIL‘ away with, but evrdently
toil is impossible. No wonder no
one bothers“ lo come to Senate. meet-
ings its a wonder the Senators
ctilitllluc it) collie.

Money, Money, Money

A much needed llil(l appreciated
break was followed by budgets. By
some happy I?) chance they were
ready for Senate action or inaction,
oepcnding on how you look lll it.
'lhe Subconinlltlces were either very
cillcicni or in a great hurry. 'Ihcy
recent-(1 their budgets from Cubi—
nei on Monday and were ready by
\\ ediiesdij.‘ night.
tiliiiltl For What?

Seven organizations managed to
lili\‘e their buz‘gets approved, Once
again inc usurir questions regarding
Unlmg Club's request for money ior
sniping bags were IlSliI‘tl, and once
iigriin someone had to explain Just
what. Camp Johnston is.

Senate was finally jolted out o1
its stupor when ilic Minister of
Pliolicziiions requested flint a line
eliminated irorii Stale ('ollcgc News'
budget be reinstated. This little item
was :i salary oi $200 a semester for
the intro;- oi the paper. Discussion
was s IIIt'Wllill hampered by the late
hour, l)ill as nearly as can be dis-
.-crned, the request was Illillli' on the
I isls tildl ll precedent was set in
giiing the SA President a salary
hid the News editor is equally as
deserving
Hold the Presses

lil‘i‘dilh’t‘ most oi the Senalors felt
lh.ii i. ey needed more time to make
up their minds about the proposed
s..l.ii . .i \otc was postponed till
lic'it \\t'i'l".

State Initiates
June Courses

.-\ in w l’lt'-Hi'~~hltill program has
ltit'll planned for State College and
will be initiated .Iune iii. The pro—
llrllll proiriles for two weeks of
nitcn-lve study for two hours of
il'i‘illl

'l'wo courses will be oil'ercd in the
pl'tigi'ulil extending from June 1;”) to
June Eli: Speech 27f}, Pic-Session
\\’orkshop lll Arclia ’l'licairc. and
Philosophy 117. Aesthetics.

Speech 276 is only open to stu-
denls planning to participate in
Arena 'l‘licali'c, Speech 27?. and can
be entered only with the consent of
the instructor, Jill'kii Bllrliill, Asuln‘t—
.int Proiessoi' of English,

Boys, (Iirls, Brother-Sister and

New York 36. N. Y.

 

 

’l ‘lze Mayﬂower

with an eye to your food and budget
209 Central Avenue

 

Y

 

‘Legend for Lovers' Tickets Go on Sale,-
Pettit Directs Anouilh Play on Page Stage

Charles Weed '60, President of the
Drainiitrs and Art Council, an—
noiinccs lll( fiiril production of the
Shite College ’lheutrc for the cur-
rent school year will be Legend for
Lovi‘rs. The production of Jean Ari-
oiiilh's will be seen next Friday and
Saturday iii 8:30 pm.

Broadway Production

Legend for Lovers has been pre-
sented successfully on Broadway:
in London under the name of Point
of Departure; and in Paris under
the name of Eurydice. Anouilh's
most successful and recent produc—
iioii is that of Waltz oi‘ the Tore-
rrdors produced in New York.

Classic Legend

Legend for Lovers, as may be sus—
pected, is a contemporary version of
the famous classic legend of Orphe-
us. Orisheus has proved to be a most
fascinating myth to many contem-
porary dramatists, not the least be-
ing Tennessee Williams‘ play Or-
pheus Descending.

The State College Theatre produc-
tion is under the direction of Paul
Bruce Pettit, Associate Professor of
English, assisted by Barbara Shultz

(last

Mtinbers of the cast include:

Brenda Caswell ‘61, as Eurydice;
Robert Stelllhillil‘ '62, as Orphee;
Norma Kutzer ‘62, as the Mother;
Ralph Wesselinan ‘59, as M. Henri;
Norman Shapiro ’62, as the Father;
Grant Duffrin '61, as Vincent.

Technician

Robert Harper, Assistant Professor
of English, is Technical Director for
the production. John Lucas '61 is
Stage Manager.
Tickets

Tickets will go on sale Monday
at 9 am. in lower Husted. Admis-

sion is by Student Tax for students
and $1 for outsiders.

 

Clearance Sales

 

—*

SOFT GOODS -— priced from Stir: up
JEWELRY -~ l/gprice
ASSORTED MERCHANDISE
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THESE

SALES

NOW at the CO-OP

*

MAY 6 - 9
MAY 11 - 16

MAY 18 - 22

air

 

 

*
DEADLINE

—CAI’ & GOWN ORDER - TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1959

 

1k

*7...—

 

 

 

 

