 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 1.

 

 

K671ide Kayne/24

By GEBHARDT and PASQUARELLA

We want to start our column
with a passing comment to those
grand people, the Common-Staten
When we see a good movie we'll let
you know Ken. So far this year we
have seen better late shows than
new releases, and any prospect of
them getting better is not in the
immediate future.

This column was almost omitted
this week fans. but fortunately the
editors came to their senses before
it was too late. Wise up editors the
511100] needs its.

PALACE

Compulsion—~0rson Welles. Diane
Varsi. Hollywood takes a ﬁne book
and transforms it into a sexed—tip
satire. The basic plot is good. but
by the time Hollywood finishes
parading scantily clad woman
across the screen you would think
that the movie is about the life
and love of a carnival girl turned
good.

To appease you Win. we have
to admit that Orson Welles does
his usual superb job in his portrayal
of the defense lawyer. Diane Varsi.
however. left Hollywood just a little
bit too late, and was able to com-
plete the movie. This is truly an-
fortunate.

DELAWARE

A Star is Born—Judy Garland,
James Mason. Same old garbage
that we have seen for the last fotir
or ﬁve years now. Musically in-
clined juvenile delinquent makes
good. hits the bot-
tle. sinks to tilt
lowest depths
again rises to the
top of the gar—
bage heap amidst
the cheering and
crying of the us—
ual bunch of
psuedo intellect-
""“‘ uals that usually

GEBHARDT are found leach-
ing off of successful people,

  
 
  

  

n

 

uni/2". a"

All we are asking for is a new
twist. What say ye. instead of this
delinquent hitting the bottle when
she gets to the top. let's have her
hit the top and then stay there
without any emotional problems at
all.

PAGE HALIr—lmrotliy

A re-run of an old story "Local
Girl Triumphs." This parodv oi
“Ni w Girl in Town" shows a bright
young thing who encounters strange
men in Oz. but this doesn't satisfy
her» she was looking lor teachers.

Got our pix in again, fairs. but
the editors are getting nasty. Send
more mail or you'll never see the
fares at Geblir-rdt and Pasquarella
again!

Students Win
RCA Awards

By \' IDLI'I'I' LAKNE Y

‘l’\I.o iiiaihcinatics majors itl't‘ ‘.\lll-
tiH'h ol 'li" ltadio Corporation of
America Sricirrc 'i‘ciiclrci Scholar—
:xlilph for the )H‘ul’ 1930450, ’l‘ncy
arc. (.‘lydc lieai'iislc‘. til, who ‘.'.lll
lt'i't‘lll‘ saoo. and \‘Villiarri lliirrkli-y
'03, who will rewrite “so

Beardsley

Clyde Bciiid lcy‘s I't‘ilil'fl ior his
first three scuicstcrs is truly out»
standing lic has made A in «wry
course he took cxccpt for 0 hours
of B in English courses, and a ii
and a (J 111 phys ed ills our—all
average reveir including that lonc
(J in gym: is. 3819
Illllckley

William Huntley rcally takes his
studying seriouth Ht: gave up his
job to begin college this February
lie has a wife and five children,
and roiiriiiutes daily from tirii'atoga
Springs

Mcinoeis of the cormriitn-c makv
mg the solution were In Vlfilt't
Lainey, Chairman, Dr Allen filth
trrr Ur itebccta Ulitor. and Dr
ltitliarti 5!“th

LELAND

High School Big Shot—A must for
for all Ed. classes. Cut our your
observations and see this flick. The
seats aren't the best in the world,
but the popcorn is divine. You will
be given the opporttinity to watch
the greatest
amount of hoods
ever amassed by
Hollywood at one
time. We are re-
ferring to the ones
that will be
watching the pic-
ture.

Co—ﬁop is T-
‘ Bird Gang. Make
PASQUERELLA the scene on this
ﬂick, cats. Its the most, like it
really swings. Rumbles. drags. hags.
Great for the children. Where else
can you learn to mainline the big
 for only sixty cents.

 

IRIT'I.

South Paciﬁc—Well anyway, its
ﬁlmed in Todd-A0 and stereo-
phonic sand. IOr is it Stereo phonic
MUD»

MADISON

Rio Bravo 7A Dean Martin and
John Wayne drink and babble their
way through this sad attempt to
combine Hitchcock and Rock and
Roll. Ricky Nelson adds to the
confusion by being too cool as a
gunman and too warm when he
sings.

Form Available
For Fullbrighl,
lACC Awards

About nine hundred Fulbright
scholarships for graduate study or
pre~doctoral research in 27 different
countries are available for the 1960—
61 academic year. Additional schol-
iii'Slil;:S for study in Latin America
under the Iiiter-Amcricaii Cultural
Convention are also offered for
1960-61.

Applications for both the Ful-
bright and IACC awards will be
available on May 1, the Institute of
International Education announces.
l-‘ulbright

'I‘lic Fulbright scholarsl‘iips cover
traicl, tuition, books and mainten-
ance for one academic year. Coun-
tries participating in the program
include Argentina, China. Denmark.
France, (icrmany, lrclai.d, Italy and
others
l.\(‘(.‘

’llic IACC program iriakcs one or
more awards tl\'l|llill)ll‘ for graduate
study in IN Latin Aiuciicaii cotlli-
trim lACt‘ srliolar'sliipscovertrans-
poi'tritioii, tuition and partial to ltill
lliiillilll'll‘rlllCt'
luligibility

ticiii'ial eligibility icoiiircriicrits
ior both i'aicgoi'ics of awards art:
it l'b‘ citizenship at llllil.‘ ol appli-
r illllli Zr A b.ulu-loi' degree or its
ioiinulcni, It: sufficient kiio\'.lcdgi~
o1 tlic liiiruiiirgc ol llll‘ liost coiiii«
try to la: llllillt' situdv oi coirirriiini-
ration. and it .sooil licaltli. A good
.o.rdi-inir rc-ord and dcirroiislralcd
lli‘mtll‘w ior llifll'jit‘litll'lil study are
also iii-ci-ssar}. l‘i'cici'i-ncc is glicii
Io .ippliraiits undci‘ 3:) years of age
who have not prciiously ll\t‘(l or
.sliidii-(l iibi'oiitl

Alljllllillllh must. submit it plan ol
jroposi-ri study that can be carried
out ].l"Illlltl)ly Within the year
aboard 'lhosc who plan to take
or jit:ll(li'lllu may be askcd to submit
.r. stair-irierit of thin financial
lillllll‘, to provide for their round—
trip transportation and mainten-
ante.

Applications for i"llll)l'lt-‘,lll. and
[AUG scholarships for 1900—61 wrll
be accepted until NilH:lIll)(:l‘ l, 1050
'lhosi: inlei'cstcd who are now cir-
rolled students at a college or uni—
versity should consult thcir trirrrpur,
l' uloi iglrt advisor.

 

Student Guides'
Fa/l Program
Begins Today

Students may begin signing up
for the fall phase of the Student
Guides Program. better known as
the Big Brother, Big Sister Pro-
gram, announce Margaret Sherwood
and James Clavell, Sophomore Co-
Chairmen.

Sign-up Procedure

Students living in dorms will be
contacted and asked to sign up for
this program, sign up involves the
ﬁlling out of a card.

Students may also sign up by
ﬁlling otit the cards found on the
Student Personnel Btilletin Board.

One of the main duties of a big
brother or sister is to aid the in—
comin‘; freshmen by telling them of
college life. This is done by letters
and personal contact.

Sauers Returns

Locker Refunds

Locker refunds will be given out
to all students not expecting to re—
turn to school next fall during the
week of Jtiiie 1 thru June 5 be-
tween 10 am. and 3 pin. in Page
Gym

In order to obtain a refund :1
student should bring his receipt
and the lock from his locker if
such is detachable.

Seniors and Grad students who
expect to return to school next
fall shoud iiotiiy Sauers between
June I and 5 of their intentions—
otherwise their lockers will be re-
issued iiext fall.

(‘lcan Locker

All lockers will be cleaned out
between June 1 and 5.

Students should remove contents
of their lockers and leave them
open before June 1 in order to pre-
vent personal losses.

1959

The Left Bank of State

By Artie Bryant and Mik Feigel

Let there be cool. and there was
cool—H. A. i:

The Respectability of Jazz

In recent years jazz has become
recognized as a form of art and
has ceased to become synonymous
with degeneration. Jazz has been
used in such respectable ﬁelds as:
motion pictures. T.V.. poetry and
modern choreography. Society has
learned to accept jazz artists as
musicians instead of ostracizing
thttli as was lirst done.

Origins

The reason for this is that people
have slowly begun to understand the
elements of jazz and to recogni/e
jazz for what it is—a powerful and
spontaneous- form of music combin—
ing African rhythm and European
harmony. The most integral and im-
portant element of jazz is impro-
visation. Jazzmen work from air
outline while other musicians work
from written compositions. This
gives jazz 2L spontaneous force not
present in other forms of music.

The object of this column is to
promote interest in jazz at State
College. concentrating mainly on
progressive jazz.

Rock and Roll

It is ironical to note that one of
the ﬁelds which jazz ramiﬁcs into,
"rock and roll," has served to hinder
jazz by cheapening it. We hope that
people Wlll learn to make a clear
distinction between these two forms
of music.

Recently we attempted to inter-
view Dr. H, A. .7. rSince everyone.
undoubtedly, knows who this is,
we feel it superfluous to state his
full name.» We were fortunate

enough to catch the famed jazz

lAST CALL LAST CALL 

FOR

MOVING - UP - DAY

Canes and Hats

Hats  $1.25 each
Canes................ .25 each

SET  $1.2?

at the  - 

expert while he was taking one of
his renowned 50-second breaks;
however. cur interview was slightly
hindered by the fact that he had
nothing, to say.

rihmid Jamal

A ytung jazz pianist from the
loop of Chicago, who goes by the
name of Ahmad Jamal. has created
(pine a sensation in the college jazz
.liCllltS. Mr, Jamal heads a trio
in which he is accompanied by
Vernell Fouriiier on drums tllifl
lsi'atl Crosby on bass. Mr, Jamal,
in his two major albums tip to late.
"but No. For Me" and "The Al-rnad
Jamal lrio", has taken some old
standards such as "Poinciana" and
“Soft Winds" and revised them with
a unique. mr.:icrn touch.

I’oiiiciana

His version oi "Poiiiciaiia" has al-
rtady become .1 classic. In his play-
ing he combines technical dexterity
with a refreshing. cool and swinging
style which leaves the audience in a
relaxed frame of mind, sortiethiiig
much needed in our modern iigc
What differentiates Mr. Jamal from
his contemporai'ies is that in his
playing he exhibits moderate cx—
perinicntation. and he is easily un—
derstood and appreciated by his
audience

in rccotnitioii of his talents. our
state department is sending Mr
Jamal abroad this summer as a
jazz ambassador a la Armstrong,
It is our humble opinion that people
like Jamal and Armstrong do niiil't'
to earn as friends abroad than do
the wanderings of modern day
Odysscsuses like Richard Nixon.
who for some strange reason is
particularly attracted to Venezuelan
rocks.

Along tvitli Dr. H. A. :, our bcrcls
are off to Mr. Ahmad Jamal

 

‘A'

*

You must have your receipt in order
to pick up your CAP and GOWN

at the  - 

*

 

*

 

*

May 2, 1959, is your LAST chance to SAVE

on the CU-()l”s year end

STATIONERY SALE

*

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 1.

1959 PAGE 5

 

Ormsbee Pitches No Hitter; Madmen Clash
APA's Rout Leftovers, 13-5 With Frosh for

By DAN LABEILIE

Constant hitting and accurate ﬁelding led the 1959
Pogos to their third straight win, as they downed the SLS
ﬁrst team, 7-0, in the year's ﬁrst shutout. Jack Ormsbee
was lauded for his spectacular pitching which led the
Okeefenokee swampmen to the ﬁrst no hitter in the Al-

bany league.

Unfortunately for the Maroon and Gold. they were
unable to connect with the speedy pitching of Ormsbee, who
displayed his ﬁnest at the mound. SLS retaliated. how-
ever, with quick action in the inﬁeld to lead into a double

play and pick many men oﬁ‘

Pogos scored on four hits oii’ l’i-dro
Lay on the hill for the South Lake
frat, and a number of overihrows.

APA Leaves Leftovers Behind

Next on the Albany slate was
Tuesday's game between the Left-
overs and Alpha Pi Alpha. Tlic Bloc
and White took their first win. heat—
ing the independents, iii-:3. in tlic
hitting ilt‘ltl, John Mount-r rook
laurels wrth two home runs ior the
fraternity; he was seconded by Dan—
ny McNeil and Dick Bailey who each
had a humor. The Lei’lovcrs scored
their first run on a bloop single to
left field.

Their other four runs crossed the
plate in the seventh as sloppy play—
ing by APA prevented Tony ALniclo
from being given credit with a two
hit one run game.

State and Teachers

in the State and
obtainable at

The scores
Teacher's were not
press time.

WAA:

SE Suffers
First Defeat in
Four Years

By R0 FENDH'K

Gamma Kappa Phi madc its suc—
-c.ssl'ul dcbiit into the softball iniia-
mural li-aguc last Tlitli‘s‘tlrij. by
downing Kappa Dclta, 17—7

licta thri siiiicrcd its first (ll‘lt‘ll'
in four years. Facing llit'li' cour-
pctilcrs l'i'r.i.ii the bowling nitra—
murals Bctri tha was (it'll-.ilctl by
Pln l)cllii. 15—1. l’lii l)clt;i's \t‘l'i'l‘l
ior its wins si'ciiis lo lli‘ lli ll ccr-
tiiiii li'csirinaii pin-licr

'liicri-‘s iioi too much .I.'lllill
lil‘.l.illl’ l on ‘liit-sii.iy
it it isiii .i ioricrt u‘s inc \\I airmri
Rani. ruin, go away you‘ll lllllllli.’
thc s-licdiilc for WAA

it;

be such in

Note

l’lt'lih‘ check llll‘ softball schcdiilc
to si-r- ii your ll‘iilil is 11‘ porisinli
i- l' an umpire ill onc oi ilic uriirrcs
()iic tciiiii's iicsilcit ol llll‘ll' II' llllll'
slliilll'. lit 1 'l'licstlru ii-slillI-«l in tin
o1 an lliiioiclit irvsiriiiilci

l'tf’llllllll..‘
.lrillll Sullivan

thanks

Spring Spree
Spring Spru- i Iiic WAA outinw
to be lil'lil Man l.) and in at (:iiiip
.loliiistoii iii (‘halltiin ltcspons‘c to
the i-vcnt has bccii lii'i‘i‘rrrllll tire
cording to (irziic l‘Iii..cl~ WAA l’ic i
iiciit
Awards
All girls who :iic or \ih}o ‘.\lll lilt'
c"l)ic 101 an award 111: \m
pllldiisc iiidicatc this on iiic WAA
i.iillctiii board, ’I'o bc ('llttllili- will
must how 10 hours in t‘tit'll' «:1 ti
rpoi‘ts for thc school year llit'hl‘
i‘ciiiilrciiiciits iiiust bc coinplclcd l)_\
Jillll‘.
Swimming

WAA lilib good ticvvs
will he rcsuiiicd on May 0 ill
’mtlt No 1i from 7 to 0.1.“) pin, and
Will continue for three weeks llcrcs
tlic answr-i' to \oii swniiiiiliig ciillin
sliists

Hwitiiiinnil.
Public

 

_ .__....—.— —t—-
“a...”—

 

 

The Mayflower

with an eye to your food and budget

209 Central Avenue

the base on the steal. The

Six Men Enter
BowlingTourney

This weekend New York (7in will
ii'illll act as host to the Eiirult'l'll
(Jr-llcgiati- Bowling 'l‘ouriiamcnt

HJllli‘tld'; air-l Sunday, the lanes
(:2 the Howl—More Alleys will be
ovcr'loadcri with iirc outstanding
wllcgialc howling Silll'\ iii this part
oi the country.

Six From State to Attend

Six nicn Will represciit this col-
lege in the tourney. They are Bruce
Bib..ins. Drive Oakleai‘, John Eckle—
lllrill, 'lom Putnam, Claude F‘rankc,
and Al Baker.

Participants

chci'al area colleges will be pres-
cn: in NYC. 'l‘licy lll('lll(ll‘ Sit‘llil
rind RPl. Most of tlic Nl'\‘\ York
colleges, such 11:, Columbia. NYU.
Manhattan and St John's will also
participate.

Peds Drop

Face Danbury, RPI at Bleecker

Oneonta's Red Dragons took advantage of the one bad inning that jinxes the

 

From This Vantage Point:
Braves Versus
White Sox?

By JIM DOUGIIERTY

the challenge - - - Let’s delve into the ﬁeld of major league baseball this
brash as it is - - - week. Some very interesting things are happening in the
iroin the men of the group houses big leagues and necessjtate 3‘ bit or reView'
_ , I  Who Picked the Yankees?
“’ ” “Wm” "31’1" “‘“W‘ "1 ""”“"‘” Where are all those people who picked the Yanks in
the early part of the season to repeat as World Champions?
They‘re probably hanging very neatly in the nearest closet.

Counsellor'sC up

WE ACCEPT - - -

 

AND W'l‘I \Vlll \VINH!

\Vlll'li - < . l“l'l(ill\'. \lay lst . . .
_ ' Either that or they are peaking around corners saying

Tim“ ' ' - 331‘” Ii-m- “they‘re only in a slump.“ Whatever the case may be,
signed the Yankees are in the second division of the American

League. The Yanks are not only in seventh position, but
the perennial cellar dwellers, the Washington Nationals,
mm“ “W”; “"0? are ahead of them, holding down ﬁfth spot. The only club
. W“” ‘l [5991“? “W 3‘ WWI; ‘1” with a record worse than New York‘s 6-7 is Detroit. with a
 liiii...‘Trill-iii?Liiiuidm  1-12 for an,,-083_averase- , ,
mm,” n, ,m minim (“Mimi Just Dodgers Dodge Into Iiirst in Seinor Cli‘Clut
look ill the rim-up! With Milwaukee ailing from secondbaseitis and slip-
ping into second slot in the National League, the Los An-
“ K mum”, “Wm M Wm gelcs Dodgers have taken advantage of the Situation and
U, ,‘,,,. 'Nl‘.,(1,,,‘,.,',",,;,,,,,‘,m,.,'.h H“. 1,,1_ climbed onto the top rung oi the ladder. A 10-5 record
lowing lino-up: places the Burns ahead of such preseason favorites as the
Jack Warm; Dim. Braves, Pittsburgh anti the Giants from San Francrsco.
Yoiist. catcher; Merlin Hathaway, September Tells the Story
151i R‘m, (i"“"“>- 15""; Km BE“;- Although early season statistics get a lot of people all
j’,‘"‘§"’g,,f,‘,i‘,i,  ﬁli‘,’.’,‘”§'ﬁ,‘,‘,:,.32; excited, that isn‘t the way with me, After all everyone
or, slim Krcliniac. or; too Mer-l knows that the Milwaukee Braves and Chicago White Sox
rill. OF. and Warren Dunhmu OF- will clash for the World Championship come September.
What is everyone getting all excited for?
Tm (,Ummmx CW m“ I“, From the Sports Desk: Congratulationsgo out to Jack
.,,,.,,,,,,.,,‘,,, ,3... “Lu”. 0, u... to“- Ormsbee oi the Pogos for turning in a no-hit performance
its-i. Mr. Maris-o; points out uni iic against SLS in a recent AMIA softball clash. . . It’s a
'5 “'“l‘lh'l‘” A” “ "W'l‘ “an" “0"”: good thing that gym classes aren‘t gomg to be held at the
“I” 1W" “81”” H” mm WM” Naval Reserve Training Center. Can you imagine taking

take ciirillcngcs easy and intends to ‘ I)
tciicli the opposition 2i lesson." 8. real navy LPSL.

Fifth Consecutive Tilt; Velerans’ Field
Athletic Supply

House Opens

Coach
opt-inn; of th'

“THE MADMPIN”

Munse y Leads Madmen

()i insbcc.

(‘ouiisellor's (‘up

By DA VIC MILLI‘I It

Hathaway announces the
house lociil'Tl on

Pods Wednesday to stage a tour—run rally that erased an Albany lead and handed the WWI“, Md W [hp (“SUIWM
Sauei'smcn their ﬁfth consecutive loss. State however, had to play all but one inning of or iillill‘ll." i-tjurjnm-iu

the game without slugging outﬁelder Jim Brown and most of the game without catcher lloiirs
John Pavclka, both of whom were injured and may not see action this afternoon
'y in Bleccker Stadium at 3:00 pm. as State opens a two- “WAN”

when the l’cds mcct Danbui

game home stay today. meeting Danbui'y this afternoon and RPI at 2:00 pm. tomorrow.

Co-op Offers
Cigarettes for
Closest Guess

'l‘li= Hi rlc ('trll"'..’i (‘r tgr 'will

ii\\.it'l .i tuittni (ti Il.’Lli‘|ll\. It! iiii-

liliilll '.i.l.o .Il’lll.lll‘l\ Illt'tllll llll

it ll. i1 Illi' \‘i'lrilil HI i‘. '. .‘.ll‘.’|il
(‘.i.liijnriitlilir irIHil 'Irl.i iil Ila
brilot étw'J. ‘li-rllil or- lril'll|'ll iriirr
l‘l' ("HM ! ii: .'.'ii \ori illiil‘l'

in. no

'lil\'|) l"\l'll‘.i(.‘iii.\'
i.'iiililiifillill lililllu
lim i, ion

lll<1./\l\'l.t)i\‘lar.\

Decision
N..iric

('l rm»

l‘iiiil ltc nicii I‘

ll’lil.itilillllllllillillir‘

 

 

\ lllll'tl hitting 1min

i<2oiii,riiciit lllrl\ bt- chm-Lle out
.Ill‘llii‘ ihc following hours
It 150-0 (Iii, ii lel—B‘iit)
IS'Zill-iinil
0150—5150

Friday

soilirdiiy
The game Wednesday i'ollchd a 10-4 loss to Platts- [unimmm

burg, in which Plattsbtirg lallicd lllllt‘ unearned runs to Mllmp ,,,,,.,,k,.,j .,,,, H, ,1“.

score the win over Chuck Rcccsso who pitched a good game ., ot hour-s .ii~ r . l)l‘ i'i‘llll'lli‘tl riit-

in a losing cause. Rcccsso gave tip only six hits while walk- co (to

lug thrcc and striking out two, but the bad inning jinx lct 'Ibl tilrimwwlthil'cizulr or am!-

. I ,I ’ . l V V» I , i ,l , .‘ J )- |,. .. .Iliil' lo Jl' i‘iil‘l'ii't oil

lin Cardinal runs in as tht lids iriadt tight tiiois. mmmlm, “mph”

bicvclcs

li'llllm l‘ltl jucis and balls

.iirhciy cpiipiiiciii

lli'li :irirl licld crjiiipiricnt

Nillll.lll

llilii lini‘ch

That one bad inning has accountcd for all [ch oi the
l’cd losses this season, but this ball club, according to
coach Dick Saul-rs, "is ilic bcsi. in four years and will sur—
pi'isc somebody" and that somcbody, Sauers i'ccis, could

. , I , 'i
bc iiiibciiicii lti’l wlicii ii iiivadcs l-llccckci' Saturday 3 M, m
[I \- ll “.liiill

in ii .i shows

“The biggcst troublc right now," rciiiarkcd Sauers al— 1

iii" the game at ()iiconia, “is that We can‘t make the key “In”

plai citlici iii lirc iii-id oi .il I|i~ V . V

Lian wi/ji l)'\]]j‘;l 1..., pmi Hilpirort tlri l4.I[|i loony and to- lhc Itil.li,\lli‘ irrlivs ,1il\l'lll .ill iii-—

' lli iiou .ti lllctckci ll lilli ‘.\lll ‘l\ll. in \’cnr.ri.s l‘ll‘ltl

'li‘ll'ul 7“” l-“'l‘i”l-'- llit Inn-iii is llltll‘ lloill lit’lli.‘ tutti i No illiilltllt l)t‘\'l'l'LiL't:\ oil lllt'
‘llil‘ll in. sic in. illilllll |li.il Irri- tliullllll'l‘v .ind ~~.i\ "writ till ll"“.l iicai .rI rin\ iiiiic

train his Ila» tail to \\|ll lirdiii not for this is 'iii-xi unir.‘ ..‘ (‘.lll(l. \xi .,rjrci'- tciiiria carts

l1ll.ill\, llii' it till n. c moth ill and Mini .‘..i.\l(‘ lllitli‘ll.il initsi

irii .rn .iii\ l.ll". c\ci Lord 'l'hc ———...-.-.....—....._.-.__ ~_.—— to plow: ill lti'i’])l;r(‘l|'~ [l]|l\llll'(i

.r-.i on Si (‘ars that be paii'kril on l'fin-

ll‘]iitill‘l Intro liilltll' ihr
1‘..;..tll lii.rl llii (iilllll ln' llii- liimt 7 , Suppl Hui“, RP”) “I” MM
irzdi «bib iii :ii.rn\ ,i-rris and all. enﬁ‘d ollrci \cliich's oil the .iilrlclir
. ,. i - . (l olii'is
.rlill Ii.iil< lllill i.ilir.ii iii Iii: |r1.i, HIV MUM“ mum“ “WNW” m" lltlll il. l A It
in. niriir,iriii.rll'. haw I'Hllll’ tliioliuli . l lcniiis show or hilt‘ilrwlh on].
lii.ilili ti\ \iiniriiit llirii liillil (Kill _ ‘ I.

csrcpl ior irlir b.oi liilllli‘,‘ that Hum“ I“ H h WHHHMLH “1 .Il" .illouid i ii i it toiiris

has ll'.t lit-tonic ;i patholoiiiliil _ ', y w r .r l’lil\l'ln only on ll,‘lllll: t'irlljl;
()nroiita, l.Il~.lllJ ll\i oul o1 nit. sin . w] I _‘. I“ I 1“ V

in ior iii lilill paint V l I , . ‘ I o llll toiii .7 air iiisy, I}..L,1
alts lllrillllt and in] [lllll riotinli ‘JNIHI‘ ml. I'll“. wl H11“

Wits liiowii ililf birth pii,.liiiiu, l‘.\' iilis 1.,,- .H “,1 ijjijmpii tr\i'l Ilicir ,1 W3”. INHIan L“ [H mm” H“
(l'llt‘lll hail illltl has lM’l‘ll liriiitlli‘rip- “Uh” ‘l‘{ H P I“: “till 11 l-lt‘m
pcd l)\ iliosc iicldiui: lapsrs 'liriv will I “ '1‘ ‘1  1| ‘ ‘
l’cd bids haic hccii booniliiu. Illt' Hull Kiirnpl was cxiciidcd llii'cc "I‘H‘H "1 “H'lde‘l‘ "lile W
inlicldcrs haw iiiadc diilicull lilai‘s si-is to take his lllrtlt‘ll, with all other 3 ltilllll‘rlill‘ 1”“ “Fall‘s! .L‘lil‘llllul lit"
look iouliiic siiiglcs matches rcouiriua only the Will“ “1 "a ‘ “Naif 1” Ill it

, , iiiniiiiiutii ol two sets for a decision WNW“ 1“ “hm” H ‘5 ‘ l“ “*1
“new” mmlmll Wniiicis for thc l’cds also nitllidcli ‘ “l” I >
'liiis brill (lab is .i good lillhillli;:. Jun“ “mm,” “m. “Hum I.“ Vt.» .i AI soiiii lli'il dale \H' “Hi now
All it \‘illl litkl‘ “ml”. 110,] WHIHH‘ MM H“. ,iulmlm poll cages sci up. Until that time,
is olic \Hii lo .ii-l ll rolling, ior llii' “1m,” (,1 Kmnl,|.pp““-q_ \II'5IH5KI 11“ iii)“ l’lilHHté UH lllc lll‘lIl.
nr Organized lllll'itlliill'ill activities

lcaiii spirit is lii,:lr this squad is a www.1- Imd H mm,“ Aim”,
long, long “at Iroin throwing in tlic
tom-l It has oiitirit oiiiiiiaiicuvi-ied.

will liaic preference over inior-
Hialc plays liairbuiv l.iln .illi~i lildl. riiisi‘lit-iiulcil activities

and oiilpliiycd its opposition and noon at 15.00 |rll ilic Washington i (‘lillt‘,ll‘ students have priority
ilicir handed inc game to lhr oilicr Avcnuc (‘ouris bciori- taking on on [\‘lllllh courts over non-stu—
Siciia iicic Monday dciits

learn it] .i lap.»r during one inning

 

