 

PAGE 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20. I959

 

Bewitched . . .

Last year at this time the big push on
campus was Inauguration Day. It needed
big publicity and people had to be convinced
to go. They were assured that it would be
big, important, and impressive.

This year, we’re glad to say, this cam-
paign isn’t necessary. Everyone is going.
This year there were thirty people running
for Myskania, and two fairly equally quali-
ﬁed candidates for president. Each class
had ample nominees and good competition;
as a consequence no one wants to miss In-
auguration Day.

It’s a far cry from last year’s apathy and
long lists of declinations. The student body,
with some exceptions, seems to have come
alive and we think it’s great. See you to-
morrow.

Bewilclerecl . . .

Why do we have the 2.5 average Clause
in the SA Constitution? Originally, the 2.5
came about as a compromise between those
students who thought it should be a 3.0
average, those who thought a 2.0 would
sufﬁce and the minority of students who
did not believe an average was necessary.
Actually the average could have been set
at any number.

In the elections last year eliminating the
average became a personality contest be-
tween two potential candidates. This year
Senate tried to eliminate it several times,
however it remained in the Constitution.
Our candidates for election were therefore
limited, with probably the most capable
candidate .03 away from the needed aver-
age.
When the average came up for a SA vote
the last time, did you know what you were
voting for? We feel that the wording of
the resolution was confusing and perhaps
the students did not understand what the
amendment was saying. However, if you
don’t want the average completely elim-
inated from the Constitution, let‘s“ try an-
other compromise in numbers.

A person holding a 2.0 average has no
business running for the office and being
elected if he plans to graduate with his
class. This student apparently has trouble
with his grades and should use his better
judgment, devote his time to study, and
graduate. However, let’s face it, many peo-
ple in trouble with their grades are tempted
to run for ofﬁce. If it is necessary for you,
the student body, to keep this individual
around for graduation, then we need the
average clause. Is it really necessary
though?

You have the right to think that we need
the average clause. But, don’t you think
it should be lowered to something in the
region of 2.25? With this average the person
could get approximately one semester of
“D” and still have a 2.0 at graduation.
Remember, if the average had been set at
2.25, there would have been several more
candidates for SA offices in the past two
years. Blank ballots hit a record high this
year! Dissatisﬁed with the candidates?

were 70 you. ..

SENATORIAL RESOLUTION

Whereas, you have given inexhaustibly and unsel-
ﬁshly of your time and talent, and

Whereas, you have put your whole heart as well
as your head into student government at NYSCT, and

Whereas, you have remained personable and effi-
cient even in moments of great political stress, and

Whereas you have invested in well over $200 worth
of aspirin to ease the pain for forty-eight hour-a-day
activities, and

Whereas, you, in summary, have given your all to
the betterment of governmental, environmental, and
administrative causes on this campus,

Be it resolved that, the Student Senate of the 1958-
1959 term, acting on behalf of all its constituents.
hereby recognizes and extends ofﬁcial appreciation
to you, JOHN YAGER, President of the Student AS-
sociation, for in short, a terriﬁcally hard job very
admirably done.

The Student Senate

Seconded by Student Association.

KW Kapeu

By GEBHARIYI‘ and PASQUERELLA

 

For those of you who missed Roger, we cast evil
spells on you and deport you to work in the salt of
Lower Sliibovia, otherwise known as the downstairs
library. Wagner was excellent and you could tell
that the audience was intellectual, by the way they
tore the house down after such numbers as “Oh Dear"
and "Oklahoma."

The actual program was in excellent taste, but
Gregorian Chant and jazz combined, oh well, noth-
ing is sacred any more. They have even made “Star-
dust" into a popular song. Wagner sized up the
audience, and came to it very intelligent decision—
walking to the side of the piano every time he was
ready to receive. applause.

PALACE

3 go home! You were doing such a
fine job on TV. why must you spoil it with this
garbage? Sal Mineo completely baffles the audience
as he appears on stage dressed as an Indian, minus
guitar, bongos, and echo chamber. Disney tries to
rejuvenate the red man-white man conflict, but de—
grades it into a ugh-grmit-groan affair. This file
could possibly win an Oscar as the most foul western
of the year

'l‘onkaADisney

RITZ

South l’acific—Congratulations, Ritz! We are pleased
that you have dropped horror movies long enough to
show this Broadway epic. Rossaiio Brazzr will never
replace Ezfo Pinza. but at least he has the accent.
Have you ever heard "Some Enchanted Evening" sung
by someone with ii mouthful of pizza with anchovies
yet)?

STRAND

The Hanging ’l‘reeHMiii'iii Schcll. Gary Cooper, Ben
Piiizzii. "Better than High Noon," says Hedda Hopper.
That should in itself be enough to sell you on this
keen flick, but. you're not going to get away that easy.
Never again wil you have the opportunity to see the
Moiilgonicry Wurd seed catalogue in living color and
’l'odil-AO. Page by page yet!

MADISON

'|'lic Inn of the. Sixth Iiiipiiiness liigrid Bergman.
Ci rt Jurgi-ns, Ingrid is featured as at school teacher
advocate of progressive t'iliit'uiltili. Her principles are
thrown up in her fine when several of her charges
embark on :in oigj, of parental lioiiilcide in order
thut they may attend the annual W.().'I‘.U. orphiins'
jil(‘lli!'. She is forced to knicl-i-kniick, paddy-whack
hcr class halfway RUFUS" (.‘hnia lll order to escape
thc wrath of Jurucns. the sly crafty school board
pri-xy, A must for those of you in either Ed. 20 or 21.

 

STATE COLLEGE

ESTABLISHED MAY
BY THE CLASS OF

 

First Place CSPA

Vol. XLIV l"l'bl'liiii'_\ 21, 1090

Miriiihcr. of lift: NEWS will n.1, iw trained luv Him, and Wctiiu'sdiiv iioiii '1 to
lizisiius ’JriilL’U, Graham

11 pm. at 15—31120 ckichmn, ii 1':io:..r. ism-1,,“ 3””,

241320; Daugherty 2- 5057.

€0mmunicaﬁm

To the Editors:

1 Would like to take this opportu~
nity to call to your attention the
fine work which our Student Guide

NEWS

1916

 

1918

Second Place ACP l‘rogruin is pcrioi'niiiig in assisting

the Admissions ()ificc with the lil-
tci'Vicwing of applicants for Septem-
ber, 10.50.

The tollownig quotation is iroiii
it letter rcci-iicd by this oi'ilcc and

Ni). 4

The undergraduate in-w {Lililf .l the *l-v. ‘(oiii Suit: (fold-gt,- tor 'leachcrs, pub- 15 VH-y 5mm,”- m muny whit-11 we

fished every Friday of inc (tonigr 3. or i.) ii..- Ntwn H‘Idltl tor flit: Sloth;ij Amory-1.10“,
l l

niJzAiierii scenean . . . ,
MONICA 'riiAskus - . . . . _ _ _
oAVin FELUMAN — . . . , _ V ,
JAMi‘s bouoiiairrv -

JAMES McllUGlf — - . . _
JAM: GRAHAM . . . . _ _ _
JANICE GRAHAM » - - . . . ,
ROBERT Miser - r . H . _  .  _
PUO’HHHLM‘IIY - < » . .

A“ (,MHHHHJ,MM“, would in: iiflflll':.l‘tl to the editor and must be signed
‘lnc HlAlE (JULLMM‘J NEWS assumes no rcsponstbiliy
for opinions I:lel(',‘..if(l in .ts column. or toinuiunicatlons, as such cprt‘mJtlllb do not

will lM: 'Mttiiicltl oi. (colic-ii
necessarily refit-ct. its views

.4 9 9
[him

A:

Aw'

 7 Consultant Sports Editor
State College Photo Service

rccechd inst spring utidcr siiiiiliii'
(Iii-Elllluf-lii-Clllcf circumstiinces. "Your student guide
"W"-“WWJWUNW took my mother and me for ii tour

1":il ~ ‘1
Quit,  oi the dormitories, and everyone

l'tilllit: ltelzitioiie Editor was so plciirsiini "
limitless Atlvrrtislng Editor

i believe the unsung contributions
oi these students are a grand ex-
ample of studcnts and faculty work-
ing together toward it common goal,
l Would like to take this opportunity
to thank all those who are partici-
pitting. and who luiic participated
in the past; especially the work of
the co-cluurnicn who spend con-
IUoIiltitued on Page J, Column 5}

(Jii'etiluilori Editor

Nantes

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gammon-SW

By YOUNGS & BURMEISTER

    

“The paths of glory lead but to the grave . . .” ()liver Goldsmith

ELATEI) ELITE

What with young hopefuls offering to take us to the polls and cry-
ing on our shoulders that they'd “never win" , . . yes, we voted.

Predictions:

SA President—can't you read vertically?

SA Vice-Presldent——oh. dear, can't spell it!

Myskania—don't feel up to selecting a meager thirteen out of such
a well-qualified thirty. Besides, we're superstitious. Do it yourself.

Class presidents-——Hooker, Donato, and Brooker (see how they rhyme? i.
[NTRIGUE

We haven't been able to get all the details but we understand that
we have the opportunity to get in the swim. How can we complain about
not having swimming facilities when we have it place to go. So for
passive resistance has worked well. If none of us go, we‘ll lose the fa-
cilities, and then we can complain again.
NOW YOU KNOW

There's a bright golden candy coating on the M&M's. Now ya see
we figured that the M&M signs appearing like measles in the halls. were
for State Fair. State Fair reminds us of Oklahoma. With a little
imagination you can fit our ﬁrst line to the melody of a song from the
play Oklahoma. One of these weeks we're going to explain our whole
column.
SUSPENSE

Will it rain on Saturday? Will he walk to Page Hall with her? Will
we have honored guests? Will there be a star on my crown when flu
roll is called up yonder on the stage? Will you go for fun, even if thi-
“Ccinmonestaters” didn't predict you?
’1‘() THE THEATER

There are eleven hundred of us who can’t. CONTRASTed to lillif'
hundred who can. If the evening is worth nothing. the price is still
fair, CONTRASTed to huge profit if the performances are as good 218
previous ones presented by this group. Sometimes our writing makes a
remarkable CONTRAST to good writing.
EQUILIBRATE

We havo yet to mention our Co—Eds. . . . Maybe Co-Eds are Lill‘
solution to the world's problems. Ours are beautiful. gracious, intelligent,
sometimes belligerent, lithe, conscientious, demanding, and so for efficient
In addition tc these many adjectives, they mentioned its in their column
last week. Now the Scales are balanced. which incidentally is what our
lead line means. I
lN(‘REDIBLE

Page Hall was jammed Monday night. Thought that only lliljijif‘llf'fl
fit State College Revue or fill yciirs piisti compulsory ('f)ll\'()(‘;l‘iliili.§. ()hl\'
cighty tickets went to outsiders. too \vomlcri'nl! During port of the
program, we wondered how many hiid come to listen and how many 1'-]
sec and be seen, out. . . . '

Anyway, we'd like to say that thc lllllnlC was superb come again.
RW.
NICE TALK

It's killing us. biit we gotta!
an era."
much. and this John gave us l'li‘ tried, harder than we had any l'llilll
to expect, to make something otit of nothing ’l‘liis was no easy l‘ilJ
but we sincerely respect the attempt. I .
‘.’ QUESTION OF THE WICICK

Do you like your coffins with keys or without?

"Let us pause to mark the possum iii

 

Mistakes were made. inevitably. But honest cil'orf counts foi'

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY, li‘lilliltl'iiliY 20
1:00 1).!“ Dr Knott's "1 ibcr'il Arts in tht 'vl it ' "

I i t . I 'llA".l’i"
790 pm and 000 li.Ili ll“(l “lJcsk Si-t,"l.iliilil ] H ml
finf) pin. "The Contrast", lt l.itflc 'l'hciitrc.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY :31
200 pm. fiiiitigiiriifioii, Page
0.150 pin Hoph lliiiiqiict, .hick's
7:00 pm. li‘rosh Banquet, llcrhci'i's
'8in pm. “'llic Contrast“, R liittlc ’l'licadrc
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 22
0:00 pm. Canterbury (‘liib H'i Andrew's l’uri'

I , , ,i . . sl iii 1.
15.00 pm Charming Club, Chnnniiig lliill. ‘ l]
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 221
0:30 pm. Phi Delta Coilcc flour for K'l -

r, ‘ .pp.i liciii
8.:i0 p.111. Sigma Alpha Coffee flour for Potter Club
boil) pm. "The Contrast", R Little 'l‘lieater I
TUESDAY, II‘ICBltllAIiY Z-l '

7:30 pm Dr. Joseph Bciiiictt pc'iks lit

I ‘ ‘ .. ,. s . ., i..tcd 250.
7.}5 pin. (.ub Classes, Aiiii ()lson speaks lii'u
7:.30 pin. l‘riiner Meeting, lii'u. I 1
8:?0 pin. "The Contrast". R Little 'l‘heiiter
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY :55 '

4:00 p.111. Wrestling Union l"li'i‘

"  , 1,. gym.

I030 pen. the Contrast", It. Little ’l'lieiiter.
[aliJllltisD/tY. FEBRUARY 26

:' 0 DJ“. "The iiiiiti‘itst”, R Little The t"
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27 l M.

8:30 p.ni. “The Contrast", 1t Little 'i‘heatcr.

:mra-rm- we...

‘ ‘ "‘“ETTT'MZ‘.

 

 

Senate

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 20. 1959

Dean Releases Honor List;
439 Attain Average Of ‘3'

Of '58 -’59

 

Posing for nebbishes‘.’
group—he was good!

No. just culminating a confusing year on Senate.

'l‘ake us to your leader,

 

The second legislative session
under the new constitution was enli-
ed to order February 26 by the
gavel of newly elected President
John Yiigcr.

Senate got. off to a good start by
firmly establishing their rules of
procedure for all bills presented to
them. Senate committees were set
up to review the bills before being
brought onto the Senate floor. It
was felt that many time-saving
points could be quickly summed up
in a committee report rather than
spending an hour or two on the
Senate floor to bring them out.

April 23 the first of five attempts
was made to introduee a constitu-
tional amendment to change in one
way or another the 2.5 academic re-
quirement for the SA. President.
Finally passed in December and pre-
sented to the student body, it 'as
decidedly defeated.

Budget time rolled around and
President Yager came up with an
answer to the long time problem of
approving organizations“ budgets. All
budgets this year were first present-
ed to the cabinet ministers of the
respective areas for their approval.
After cabinet had approved the bud-
gcis, they were presented to Student
Senate in book form May 7. The
cntirc Senate was then divided into
finance SillJ—Ciili‘iilllllit‘tfs which again
went over the budgets before the
iotiil butlch of $30,709 was approv—
ml by the Senate us it whole May 215.

A completely revamped Rivalry
program was also approved during
the last days of the first lcgislatiyc
:st'SSltill. The major changes involved
in the plan included the establish-
mi-nl of the Fed Kangaroo Court.
and llll' shortening of the Rivalry

By (‘IIARLES FOW’LER

period. The Senate has. within the
lust month, re-evaluated the Rival-
ry program and made suggestions to
the Rivalry committee for next
year's program.

May turned out to be an explosive
month with the publication of
State‘s literary magazine, the Prim-
cr. Within 12 hours after the first
copies were distributed, SA. Presi—
dent John Yager had a Senate pet-
ition in his hands demanding the
lii.inediute confiscation of all undis—
tributed copies of the magazine un-
til the Student Senate could meet
and decide what to do with, what
some people termed, a “laseivious”
publication, May 21 some 400 people
crowded into the Bru Dining Room
where a motion was made to stop
distribution of the Primer. The ino-
tion was defeated by one of the
closest votes the Senate had seen:
12 in favor, 13 against, and 3 ab~
stentions.

The following legislative session
opened September 17, and consid—
ered Rivalry, Myskaniii's functions,
Who‘s Who, Residence Council Reg-
ulations, and other college activi-
ties, The two major items consider-
ed were Senatorial appointments,
and the Faculty-Student Corpora-
non.

Policy was set when President
Yiigcr made it senatorial appoint—
tnciit to fill an unexpired term of
office. The legality of the iippoiiit-
inciit was iippciilcd to Myskiunii by
State's newly organized Pcd Poli~
fit-:il Party. Mysknnizi uphcld Yog‘cr
in his right to appoint between
clt‘.‘lltillS, which it-siiltcd in the Sen-
llli‘ cpcritiiiii; itt i‘:l1):lf'li)’ for most
of thc sciiicsici',

l..ttt-i' in October, sitggcstions itiiti

Campus Religious Groups
Plan Meetings, Speakers

('ziiiicrliui'y ('liili

('untcrhtuy ('liih \\lll hold its rim;—
lilill' ti pni suppci lllt‘t‘lllli; zit St
Andrew‘s l‘.irisli ll.ill Htindni
inuht 'lhc topic to hc discussed
\\lll lJi' "’i'hi- (‘omnioii l’t-opli- Ilcnrd
lliiii (il.ull\ "

TM in t.ill.iiion of limit lll'fiVill
.is Hittii'i:.iii liisliop oi ihc l.)llii’l‘:~i'
of Aloniiy will lnkc place in All
Saints (‘otht-tlrnl, Sunday lll -t pm.
All (‘iintcrhury (‘luh incinbcis and
othi-is who arc llllf‘l'i“»lf'fl in.i\ lll’
ii-nd if tht-y wish. hiii it is li't‘ldll-
lllf'iltll‘ll find the) he iii the (‘.iihc—
tli‘iil curly in order to get u hi‘lll
‘lht- combnicd choirs of Hi Aiulri-w's
and All Saint's (Titthcthul will pro—
\itic music for llit' i‘\’t‘lll
llillcl

'l'ohy (il'illlltl 'fil, l’lt‘blflt‘lll oi
llilli-l, announces that Myrna Mikel—
lit'l‘p ‘iiii iiiifi Ultilii‘ ltii.-.cn 'tii, [Vin
tin-inhi-rs oi the Albany llllll‘l, pair—
ticipotcd in if lfillii‘l't‘lli‘l' which was
held lli Qucciis University, Kingston,
Ontario, Cllllitflfi, Ft‘lil'iiitl')’ 4 to ll.

“MM is also planning ii toboggiin-
ing party sometime ill the herd fu~
furc, for members .it Slide and
other surrounding colleges,
('luiniiiiig (‘lilh

()hunning ()lub wtli hold it meet—

ing Sunday night til it |i.lii. in
(‘lmiiiiiiig Hilll. which is located on
VVH‘alilllJltill Avciiitc behind the
school The linthlight of the evening
will hc the prcsciitiifion of lllt' topic
"lliutoi'iciil Religious Poetry" by Mr
llobci'i lu’. 'l‘liorslcnscn. Assistant
l’liilf'nhtil‘ til l‘llltll'h‘ll
Ncwiiiiin (‘liili

At the i'ceiiliir nit-cling ol Ncwniiiii
(‘liih 'l’hiirsduy night, the sccoiiif
port of 'lli' niovn- "Ronn- l‘lll‘l‘llill”
\iill bi- shown

Primer Staff See/<5
New Cover Design

’l‘he stuff of the flint) I’riiiier
seeking it design for the cover of
thc liil'llit'tillllll.’, issue. according to
(lccil Blunt 'f'ili, lu'ditor—in-(Phicl

All entries lli'i‘ to be submitted lll
black and while, and should mea-
sure six by eight inches, The designs
will be considered in terms of artis—
tie merit and iippropi'iuleiiess for it
literary publication. The designs
illiiy be submitted no later than
'l‘ucsdny, March 17, to Miss Blum,
or to Dan Bresiuiii niid Rhoda lic—
vni, Juniors, via Student Mail.

' showing

gende In Redraw

complaints began to flow into Sen—
ate concerning arcas under the jur-
isdiction of the Faculty-Student
Corporation. Dean Hartley attend-
cd 1). Senate meeting and briefly
outlined the function and activities
of the corporation. This was follow-
ed by the appointment of ii special
Senate committee to meet with
President. Collins and discuss fur-
ther the FSA and its function on
campus. With the onset of a stiff
against the city and county of AI-
biiny by the FSA, President Yager
requested Dr. Collins, (also Presi-
dent of the FSAi, to speak before
a combined meeting of Senate, Mys-
kania and Cabinet and try to clear
up the many misconceptions result-
ing from publicity on the trial.

This Senate has made some mis-
takes, but these were far outweighed.
I feel, by the. progress i? made in
the direction of establishing its
function in our new form of govern—
ment, and in ironing out the pro-
cedures which future. Senates will
follow.

 

C’mmmicaﬁand

 

(Continued [rem Page :8, Column 2!
sidcriible time in devising the guide
and desk schedules for this office.

As indicated in the above letter
you have it direct interest in, and
influence upon, those students who
will be your classnmtcs this coming
fiill.

Sincerely,
Director of Admissions
L. Walter Scliiiltze,
To the Editors:

The appearance here of the ltogt'l'
Wiigncr Cliorulc should be long rc—
mcinbcrcd, for I believe ll marked .i
milcstone in the cultural progress
of Htiifc College.

Along with other |il't*»l‘liillif‘lli ari~
ists such as l‘lllgi‘llt' lsiomin and
.lf‘l'ttlll' liincs, the (,Ylioi'uli hits vcry
\itidly shown what lfll incrmscd
hudch lllll' for guest artists will
lil'lll‘,’.. and only as long as such gcn-
crius iippropi'iiuion. continuc, will
Music (‘tillllf‘ll bc :ihlc to proxith
such programs. so sorely lll‘l'tll‘tl to
enhance our pi'c.figc ill the cycs of
thc Alli.ili\ public and so necessary
for our own culiiiriil dciclopmcnf

Frank A. Mimi '50
President

To the Editors:

litigi-t"s (‘illtltAli \‘i'uh’ lii'i’i' tilld
M‘iilh \Ki‘l't' tlh .‘it'lil't‘l‘ lib lllii't‘ ill ii
pussy cit coiivcntioii Einstein
would lmvc iljilil't‘l‘lllli‘ll thc hair-
imnic appliiusc of the .iudicncc
«dressed like burros at it fair:
flicii' uppi'ccliilioii for it
progriini illic first hall at lciisti
ubolit which I can oiin assume they
knew little or nothing. Admit that.

I? Not f, for tuiiurcd it was
great. Wllill was lt'.‘

Don’t get. inc wrong. 1 think it was
good; the ciicoi'c at least, for thc
rest of it was abch me. it would
havo been NlClC if we had it little
more of an explanation as to what
the music incunt tthc story behind
it: not just the 63rd of Bilffll.

Martin Burke ’61

Four hundred and thirty-nine stu-
dents have made Dean's List. This
is a record high for State College;
being especially significant in that
it was first semester.

Seniors

Rosemarie Abraham, Florence Al-
bani, Carole Ann Altic, Gail Hogan
Anderson, Gale Argetsinger, Robert
Banfield, Roseanne Benlngo, Jaddua
Bennett. Gisele Boulais, Peter Blo—
inerlcy, Virginia Buddenhagen, Ann
Marie Bulken. Judy Bunt, William
Bueke.

Kenneth Burineister, Valerie
Burns, Jack Burton, Allyn Call, Jo—
seph Calitri, Judith Calvin, James
Carmichael, Susan Carmichael, Jane
Cass, Nancy Catalfamo. Theresa
Ciricillo, Zacharie Clements, Vivian
Lou Clowe. Gabrielle Cogen. Gruima
Cohen.

Martin Cohen, Myrna. Cohen, Pat—
ricia Colosiino, Mary Cox, Edward
Curran, Robert Dallow, Dorothy
Davis, George Davis, Michael De—
Bonis, Jane DeCastro, Joan DeLeo,
Lee Denike, Robert Devlin, Mary
Dewey, Arlene Diamond, David Don-
ovan, Ellen Dosch, Barbara Dressler,
Betty Diiba.

Gerald Dwight. Herbert. Engel,
Phyllis Engle, Frieda Fairburn, Bev—
erly F‘alvey, Friink Favut, Nicholina
Firenze, Ellen Fitzpatrick. Mary
Fitzpatrick. Edward Force, David
Fotheringham. Robert Fox, Robert
Fraser, John Fudjack, Marie Gan-
gcmi, Hdl‘i‘lCL Gardner.

William Garner. Sheila Gerig,
Funicc Gies, Paula Gold, Susan
Goldfarb, Marilyn Goodrich. Martin
Goodrich, Jane Granger, Frances
Greenberg. Franklin Haber, Maxine
Halpin, Mary Hastings, Dolores Hav—
cns, Walter Heins, Barbara Hillinari,
James Holway, Barbara Hubiak.

Denise Hurley, John Jameison.
Margaret Johnston, Barbara Kauf-
man. Lillian Kimrnel, Aime King,
Major Kirby, Ronald Kjolseth, Ed—
ward KOiibek, Patricia Kovaleski,
Andrew Knotje, Wilma Kuhl, Jeanne
Lashcr, Natalie LeMoine, Barbara
Leonard, Rita Lesko. Agnes Manell,
.ninice Manning, Helen Mansar,
Corinne Mlll‘l'O, David Marsh.

Stephen Mazzarella, Donald Mc-
Clain, Gloria Meyer, Charlene Mll-
ler. Zoland Minch, Gordon Moly-
iieux, Angela Montebello, Sharon
Moore, Jol.n Moaris, Robert Mur-
phy. Jean Nicolai, Kurt Nielsen,
Charlotte Nindl, Joan Nole, John
O'Connor. James Owens. Carol
Owens, Jeanne Piiczkowski, Bruce
Peafi',

Gladys Perran. Irving Peterson,
Lynn Pickiird, James Powers, James
Pryor, Joanne Quinn, John Quirk,
Bcicrly Riihn, Sharon Robbins, An-
ita Roscnbluin, Rochelle Roseni‘eld,
Laurie Rothstcin, Helen Sailord.
Joyce Sundidgc. Suzanne Savurd,
Carole chrctiu. Barbara Sleler. Sli-
siin Shiiiiii'zck.

Richard Sliiuids. Naome Shaver,
Ronald Short. Robert Sischo Adri-
enne Sittcily. Joel Smith, Thornton
Smith, Mi.1on Summers. Ralph
Spunswick, Carol Stanton, Virginia
Sioudt, Anne Sweet, Joseph Tiiggzirt,
Robert 'l‘aylor, Barbara ’l‘hicle,
’lhomzis f‘hompson, Barbara Thorn-
lull, Nanci,- ’I‘rudcll

Wiliiuin 'l'uriibiill, Francine Viilvo,
Utlll Villl Slykc, Joseph Villl Vran-
ken, Miii‘ccliiic Waggoner, Carole
Waldron. Dorisc Warinuth, Norrnan
Waterbury, Sully Weeks, Margaret
Wcitziii'r. Donnii Weshncr, Donald
Whitlock. Robert Wiggin. Anna
Vt’riinovics, John Yiiuei', Winifred
Youngs. Diivid Youst, Sandra Ziiko,

Juniors

l“l'filll‘t‘i‘i Abclc, Katherine Aldous.
.liick Alltlt‘l‘riili, 'l‘hcodorc Anderson,
l.oiusc Armstrong. Carol Arnold,
Hobcrt Austin, Betty Aycr, Grace
liiii'bicri, M if riiiniie Biii'czcwski,
Janet Barki-n. Joiiiinc Busistii, lioug—
ins liiivei', Frances Bclkiiiip, liiii'huru
liliickzill, [)niilcl lioscrup. Richard
Hoyle

ls.i/.iibctli Browne, lCliiiiic liiiiioif,
Wilhelmina Burton, (‘uroliiic Bylniii,
,‘tiiiics Calhoun, Matthew Ciirnicelli,
Willliliii ('arpcr, Juanita Chutfield,
Kathleen Cucssciis, Donna Colby.
l‘ithiiil’fl (.‘olliiis, lsabcll Dalzell,
(‘iiriis l)t‘l|ll(‘)‘, Iiarriet Deni. Irene
iioiiiciiico, (.‘iirolc Dudley, Sheila
lL‘ekhiiiis.

Norman Fidelinan. Niil'fliii Ficbke,
Chiirlcs li'oivler, Richard (iiiscoyiie,
Ann Haei‘cli, Adrienne Hiill, Donna
Harris, Ethel Hurt. Doris Hist-he,
Lore Howard. William Jacobs, Neil

PAGE 3

Jurinski, Estelle Kaufman, Jean
Knapp, Robert LaJeunesse, Donna
Lees, Rhoda Levin, Arleen Luick,
Dorothy Madigan, Karen Master-
polo.

Mary Matey, Fay McMore, Mary
Montville, Donald Mortln, Margaret
Nielsen, Donald Nolan, Mary Not-
tingham, Joseph Parent, Douglas
Penfield, Carl Penird, Josephine
Pietruch, Katherine Pino, Judith
Pridnicre, Linda Purdy, Alvin Rab-
inowitz.

Florence Redmond, Janet Riegle,
Donald Reinfurt, Jane Reuter, Ar-
lene Rhodes, Richard Robare, Pris-
cilla Robb. Arnold Rothstein, Bar-
bara Rutenber, Nancy Ryan, Patri-
cia Schai’, Daniel Schiie, Rhea
Schwartz, Gilda Sesti, Martha Sew-
ard, Janice Sheldon.

Carol Shelly, Nancy Silvestri. Eliz-
abeth Spencer. Donald Stanistreet,
Sylvia Steinhoff, Gertrude Sufrin,
Merril Taylor, Richard Thorns, Ca-
rol Tome, Nancy Tooney, Mary
Travis, Kathryn Updike, Elizabeth
Wager, Barbara Yandian.

Soph omores

Gordon Aderiman, Marguerite
Aleide. Paule Baker, Julienne Bar-
on. Evelyn Barrett, Patricia Bazata,
Clyde Beardsley, Henry Binzer, Louis
Biolse, Loretta Braun, Lawrence
Breen, Frank J. Carrieri. Kay Cart-
wright, Karen Caster, James Cla-
veil.

Donald Cohen, Margaret Collins,
Mary Coogan, Royce Coon, F. S.
Dai’igerficld. Ruth Danowit, Bar-
bara. Darling, David Donley, Mary
Donlon, Constance Dorland, Joyce
Dougherty. Julianna Dranichak,
Grant Dufi‘rin, Janice Dumond, Ray
Eddy, Mansir Edwards, Carolyn E'n-
gert, William Fatale, Joan Ferrari,
Judith Fichthorn, Lenore Flahive,
Frances Fleck, Joseph Forte, Lois
Frank. Mary Gallagher, Toby Ann
Geduld, Mary Glass.

Frances Hofmann, Joseph Incre-
mona, Sylvia Juriga, Sandra Kail-
bourne, Judith Keith, Richard Lew-
is, Barbara Libous, John Lucas, Al-
bert Maiwald, Louis McCullough,
Robert McEnroe, Shirley McGuirl,
Joan McGuire, Richard McLaugh-
lin, Earline Merrill, Richard Mer-
ritt.

Judith Metcalf, Shirley Moscrop,
Robert Neiderberger, Nodell Ken-
neth, Richard O'Connor, Elizabeth
Oliver, Agnes Persson, Esther Pil-
bcam, Martha Pollack, Mary Pringle,
Margaret Rollins, Diane Rosen,
Margaret Salinond, Mary Shepherd,
Barbara Schultz, Elenore Silver-
stein.

Joan Simons, David Spencer, Ca-
rol Stephenson, Leon Sterle, Mar-
joi'ie Slesinger, Vincent Sucato, Cyn-
thia Sugerman, Lawrence Tuttobene,
Alan Wagner. William Wanzer. Ca-
role Waring, Sharon Wenzel, Ken—
neth White, Richard Wiggins, Di-
:iniic Woodward.

Freshmen

Eugene Andricitc, Aim Marie
Buln', Arlene Beloait, Carolyn Buch-
rmger, Adelaide Bouvier, Beverly
Bowman. Clair Burgeson, Susan

Buron, Miii'y Calderone, Lewis Caro—
sella, James Curbiii, Linda Catiiniu,

Natalie Clark, C a r 01 Courselle,
Freidn Crow, Dorothy Dell, Jan
Dyekmiin.

William Edwards, Emily Eldridge,
Vivian Elliott, Tliccnus Ellis. Ciiro-
llIlil Engcl, Robert Factor, Calvin
l“cnton, Rosa Fkiigrath, Betty
Forbes, Mary Jane Fordon, Ruth
(iziiiurnik, Baibii Garozii, Millicent
(icrich, Aimee, Gniiiis. Martha Go-
icnsky, Judith Greenwood.

Lona Hone. Curl Herman, Miiniel
lfofiiimiiii, Barbara Hudson, San-
dru Joncs, Sharon Joslin, Betty
Klein, Elirabcih Kiuiutli, Harvey
Korotkin. Carol Lambert, Clifford
lnllllt‘l't‘, (.‘hzirlcs Litsscll. Patricia
MacDonald. Judith Mack, Nancy
Micnius. Citrmcns Munoif, Dawn
O'Brien.

Beverly Pierce, Myrna Pcirovci',
Gertrude Peukcrt, Doris Pohlmiinii,
Arlene Quinn, Henry Renter, Jack
Rogers, Erna Rosciidiilc. Johanna
Sclioll, Rae Schroeder, Boiicc Lee
Scott, Nancy Scleznow, Carole
Sherman, Donald Sherman, Carol
Smith, Corinne 'f‘artello, Elizabeth
'l‘inney.

Suzanne ’I‘odd, Louise Tucker,
Paul rf‘iirsc, ’l‘heresa Virgona, Paul
Ulme, Marvin Ward, Virginia White,
Ingeborg Wilfert, Lenore Wohlberg,
Ronald Young.

 

