 

PAGE 2

Whence Cometh Another?

We tell the student body how apathetic they are
almost every week, and we did it again this week; how-
ever, now we’re appealing to you to come out to the RH-
State game next Saturday night even if you are apathetic.
Plans are being carried out, and we sincerely approve,
for this game to be a part of a Gary Holway Night.

Gary’s name is synonymous with basketball at State.
For four years his ability has brought enjoyment to
our spectators and credit to our team. Now, it is only ﬁtting
and proper that one who has contributed so much should
now, at the end of a brilliant career, receive some token of
appreciation from us, the student body.

A $200 Question . . .

A precedent has been set: the President of Student
Association will be salaried two hundred dollars per semes-
ter. Before we can sanction the past Senate’s action, we
have two questions.

First of all we don’t ask, but demand, that the presi-
dent (any president) do enough and good enough work
to earn his salary. Granted it’s a big job, and requires a
lot of time, but it’s now two hundred dollars worth of job,
and now it must include two hundred dollars worth of
work.

Secondly and inevitably, where do you draw the line?
Senate decided that the President alone should be paid.
We’re sure we won’t be the only ones or even the ﬁrst ones
to criticize this decision. There are people who spend equal
time and make an equal or greater contribution to State
College. Are they to be ignored?

It is only natural that we feel we ﬁt in this category.
Our time is as valuable, and our job as time-consuming.
In addition we feel that our contribution is as worthwhile,
as constant, as permanent, and as effective as that of the
President of Student Association.

The precedent has been set; its consequences are in-
evitable, will Student Association now follow through in
completing the precedent it has established?

Slam! Slam! . . . . . . Slam!

Few of you know that there was a pep rally scheduled
for Tuesday night in Brubacher. This was to be the send-
off for the basketball team before leaving for Oswego. Oh,
you didn't know they were playing at Oswego? You didn’t
participate in the election procedures of the past three
weeks. You're not going to State Fair. Why are you here?
Don’t you have any interest in this college and its
activities?

We’re sure: 1. you don‘t spend all your hours studying;
2. you probably won’t graduate Summa Cum Lauda; 3. you
waste a lot of time. Why don’t you go out and join an
activity? If you are in an acitivity, why don’t you do some-
thing for that group?

Example: The staff of the Pcdagogue has relatively
many more members than does that of the State College
News. However, the editors of both publications end up
doing most of the work because people just don’t like to
work at anything without receiving immediate praise and
credit. No one likes to be the little man, but, few people
start at the top of any organization.

Going back to the opening statement concerning the
pep rally, we’d like to know why it wasn‘t publicized more?
Advertising the rally according to the cheerleaders wasn't
their job; according to the sports publicity director it
wasn’t his either. Let‘s get together kids! By the way
there was no rally. The only attendants to the event were
Coach Saucrs. the team. some cheerleaders and perhaps ﬁve
spectators.

?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASB OF l918

Second Place ACP
l‘Jnii No. 0

First Place CSPA
Vol. XLIV

Member: of {lil' flint:  i , i ,w  ' rm...
ii p in at 2--Iili‘.io'. v::«"~i...o'. ..  1" :. . iii.
2-3326; Dougiierty 2-3637

The uiidcrgraisd we :i z .
Ilshed every Malay of ':.i_- (Ln. i,r 

lI'i-bi'uary 27,

and Wetlncntiily Horn 7 to
iiisrzii.» build. Urahiiiu

, ‘i’ .:r' 5‘  (Limp for Teachers; puli-
,- ril 'An lilrll ‘. llil 11m at. lli' nt Association,
Co-Is'ditor-lii-Chiel
(.'o»l‘.'tlit(1f-Iii-Cilicl
Feature Editor
Sports Editor

ELIZABETH b‘l'lﬁi‘lfllcit
MONICA 'l‘ltASKUS
DAVID mummy
JAMES lXJIJt‘iIfl‘ilt'l‘Y .
JAMES MclfUCill 7 ~ - - - thiiilic Relations lt‘dltor
JANE (iltAIlAM v ' - - - — - Iiusliiccs Advertising Editor
JANICE GRAHAM ~ - - - - ~ ~ Circulation Editor
“QUERT KAMPF - Cullhllltﬂlll Sports Editor
PHOTOGRAPHY State (Jollcge Photo Service
A“ coininuiiica‘loin. :lllI-iili lll' tllllll V'l in tin. editor and must lie signed. Names

will lll,‘ withheld on Il'tilll'ut 'Iiic S'iAlltl l)()I.I,l-.(ll'2 NEWS “monies no respoilslblity
lor opinions l:X[i!l‘:. cii .lt it» lUililiJi; or ioiniiiuillcutlons, as slit.“ expressions do not

necessarily reflect in. mews


STATE COLLEGE NEWS.FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 27.

1959

 

(quiz! (cram
By Gebhardt and Pasquerella

As the time for the awarding of
the Oscars draws near, the various
studios are attempting to outdo one
another in disqualifying themselves
from the big lace istainpeae would
be more like it). If you re unable to
grasp the intent of the preVious
sentence. JuSt wait until you see
what the local houses are attempt-
ing to push on the unsuspecting
public this week.

I‘ALACL

Stranger in My Arms—June Al-
lyson and Jen Cnandter-—’t'his ino-
vie should be subtitled "The eicc-
tricai failure at Pierce.” Actually
this mmle is far ahead in the OScar
race. due to the fact that it was
nominated in 1940. Out of a possible
five stars. we will be big-hearted
and award this flick one. Our advxce
is; Julie go back to Jimmy Stewai'.
and do about ﬁve thousand more
biographies. "they are lousy but they
sell. Jell. to you we say; go. The co-
feature is No Name on the Bullet.
DELAWARE

The Doctor's Dilemma—Leslie Ca-
ron takes advantage of Gigi.
and presents to the movie gomg
publicanotherHollywood first (01‘ do
they mean worsti. George Bernard
Shaw's original verston is put on
the proverbial chopping block and
given the worst posstble treatment
that Hollywood sadisls could muster
together.

STRAND

Separate Tables—This hunk of
celluloid appears to be the one to
walk on \\llll all the Ljhk'ill'h this
year. nivcn ior best actor, Wendy
llillcr for best supporting actress.
and the picture itseil. Witll "Gigi
being the main competition we are
risined to say that if this movie
lDt'llill'ittC 'l‘abieSi doesn‘t get first.
then there are a lot more Sick peo-
ple around than we realized. (By
now you should be getting the idea
that wt didn‘t like Gigi.)

DRAI’ER 349

Treasure of the Sierra .Vladre—
Humphrey Bogart stars 11) this psy-
chological film epic. According to
inside sources the pot is very in—
Vol\'(:(l and he could not explain it
in detail.

Tune iii next week fans when we
will bring yotlr our version of the
Oscar nominations. We are going to
call them Alfi'eds.

 

eammum'cdm

To the student Body of State:

On M Illiil_\' Illi.l Tuesday evening
coinihscn will visit each resident
hall on campus to receive your con-
ll‘llllllllill for the Cary Holway
Night to be held Saturday. March
7. at the ltPl—Stute game in Paw
Hall.

This is the result of the Wide lil-
tei-cst displayed by much oi the Sid-
deiil bod. concerning this idcu. 'llit-
Director of Athletics. the C()2lt‘lllii‘,_;
stall. .iii'l til‘: illlLlillllStl'ill‘lll 
please. {tilll tin» idea and ll),l‘ .
‘.\lli re (‘.l.'l‘lt‘.l through. ’i‘hi Siudciii
Senate ll.l.\ passed .i H .olution en-
dorsing this program. However, it.)
tlillillll'il‘ success really depends up—
on llll‘ support of all ol you, the
sttitiiiil, hotly

'lliis upport :honld lJI‘ Illitlllll‘Slf‘fl
ii. two .aziys The President ol the
rilILll‘lIl body, on your bchall. will
pieseiit (lary. ill lilting cerciiioiiy,
as many gills .is your t'()llil'ilJtliloli:i
will allow Equally tiiipoi'tuiit is
your attendance at the game lll this
way we can personally show our
.ippiecialion oi Ills gentlcniiinly ac-
lioiiri. both on Illlll oil the court. as.
well .i.~. llln exceptional talent that
lill.) liiought wide recognition to uni
collt-uc

PS, l"Ul‘ lllUnl,‘ students living oil
campus there Will be a container
placed iicai the (lass bulletin boards
ill lower llustcd today only.

Sincerely.

Don Meliain '5!)

Keith Olson, (Irad
To the I‘ldilors:

Upon lil'i'it’lil at. l3i'u Monday
ultcl'iiooii. there was at Sillilll nigh
on each (‘ll‘l'lfllil' welcoming us. It
icad eli'cctiye ’I'ucsday iiioi'liliig. all
girls will essuiiic the responsibility
ol emptying tlnii' own uastcpapcl'
baskets.

What are things coming to at
liru? Each year i'irlltll and board has
tin-reused \\lllll: sci'Vlccs :il'c coli-
staiitiy diminishing. ’l‘o mention a,
few ll) more paper towels lIl bath-
oniilinucd on Page II, Column 3/

 

 

 

 

“Not at this fair. dearie!”

 

By YOUNGS a BURMEIS’I‘ER

 

“Every life has pages vacant still, whereon a man may write the
thing he will." Henry VanDyke.

Mr. President:

Last Saturday you assumed leadership of this Student Association.
Did you realize what you were getting when you grasped that gavel?
You now have the traditions of the past. the possibilities of the future.
and the responsibility to blend the two into something which will
beneﬁt the present. Getting out of the abstract and into the reality
«where we hope you stayi, what does this mean?

Now that you've been given the reins, we hope you will be able to
give some sense of direction to that beautiful white elephant, Dumbo
Dippikill. Perhaps by giving every student a, half acre plot and 10 cubic
yards of the lake you could arouse some interest. Since the Outing
('lub has sleeping bags. tents and bicycles, let's start excursions to the
camp during vacation periods. It would be especially nice at Easter
since somebody laid an egg.

The elected personnel of Senate and Myskania is good this year.
Your Cabinet . . . we trust you. Bring the committee system out of the
constitution and put it to work, come to a decision as to the role of
Myskania. and get Senate to use its collective head. With common
sense and good leadership, student government could make some progress
«and its prestige would not depend upon the possession of keys.

A week from tomorrow you will have a chance to observe your stu-
dent body trv to express its appreciation to one of the outstanding
athletes of State. The failure or success of this venutre will show what
you can expect.

Publications imply publicity. Let's use them for purposes other than
filling file 135 Since we spend around 40’}. of our budget for they:
things, why use rooms in Bru to store Pedagogues that students should
have and why not have a directory that students can use ﬁrst semester?
These are all part of the Student Assocnition but unfortunately too
few parts of the SA are a part of them.

l'rge Music Council, l)&A. and Forum to work together on bringing
more Jose Limons. Roger Wagners, and Harold Stassens to us; they
cost money but bringr profit. Then. to suit some, you could ask the
Oral lnterp class to give a “Nursery Rhyme Night.” Ask [PG for their
secret (how to operate in the black without Student Tax aid) and apply
that to . . . whatever you think best! Debate (,‘ouncil'.’ Never saw them
do anything except board buses. Maybe if we had a trophy case. DC
would be more appreciated.

your orgiinimitions put SMILES in other

is some way you can help worthwhile
increase their prestige and or budget. Another of the unsung heros
(.1 the campus is SUB. CC is sometimes as refreshing as another
yroduct with the some initials. but there's improvement that can be
made here. Slilflfill guides are one of our best contacts with the out-
:ule \\'ol'l(l. but we feel that a pool for typewriters is a little unnecessary
since so Icw people know about it.

Some oi
Perhaps there

people lives.
orgaiilzutiolh

If we compare extra-cui-rieular activity on campus to a hand, student.
government per se might well be called the palm. for it is what joins
and ctr-ordinates all activity, as a palm co-ordinates lingers. Without
ii palm lingers would float all over the place. but at the same time . . . a
palm with no lingers attached would look rather funny. wouldn‘t it?
'l o give your hand power, you have a co-opei'atlw iulininistratlon and
a student body who will lie for you if there's something In it for them.
Keep your hand balanced—good luck!

'.' l'.S. Will you pay taxes on your salary?

Co/lege Calendar

FRIDAY, I"l'.‘lsltl'ARl’ 737

7.00 pm. Treasure of Sierra Madre, Draper 349.
10:00 pm. Treasure of Sierra Madrc, Draper 349.
8:09 pm. Chi Sigma Theta Open House 101' Statesmcn
lilo pin. The (entrust. Richardson Little Theater.
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 28

2.40 pill. The (outcast, Richardson Little Theater.
7'15 pin. State Fair Opening Show, Page llall.
MONDAY, MARCH 2

8:30 pm. Kappa Delta ()ollec flour for PotI ‘1' Club.
6:30 pm. Beta Zeta Coffee Hour for Kappa Beta.
'l‘ll CSDAY. MAltl‘ll 3

7:30 pm. Pruner Meeting, Brubacher.

it (it) pin. ()i'al lnutrpietatioii Class. Draper 349.
THURSDAY. MARCH 5

7.00 pin. Dark River, Draper 349.

 

 

 

anwmwm.~ro ._. 4

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 27. 1959

PAGE 3

 

President Addresses Senate;
Answers Student Questions

By NATALIE LeMOINE

The new Student Senate bumbled
its way through its first meeting.
This was rather expected, handi-
capped as they are by an inexperi-
enced Senate (only four members
from the last Senate! and an in—
experienced President. Pcrhaps in
the coming weeks the situation will
improve.

Bob Helwig' ﬁrst announced his
proposed cabinet for Senate appro-
val. The approved new cabinet min-
isters arc: culture. John Lucas:
publications. Beth Spencer; special
days. Rhoda Levin; service. Barrett
Henly. The co-mlnisters for recrea-
tion are Btid Baker mid Eric Kafka.

The old post. of Fraternities and
:iororities has been divided by Hel—
wig into two posts; Louise ’l‘ornatol‘c
is Miliistcr of Sororities and Phil
Shepherd. Minister of Fraternities.
The appointment of Bill Pasquerella
was turned down by Senate on the
grounds that he had insul'licient
knowledge of the "mechanics" of ii-
iiances at State. Helwig was also

unsuccessful in his attempt to cre-
ate a new cabinet post of Communi-
cations. It became obvious during
the course of the meeting that the
new president is going to have a
rough time putting through his per-
sonal legislation.

Before more appointments. Don-
ald McClain. once a familiar face
around the Senate tables. spoke to
Senate on the upcoming Gary Hoi-
wiiy Day. March '7. to honor the
athlete who has brought prestige to
our college.

The secretary for the Senate will
be Marcia Cavaiiau'di. Once again
a Helwig appointment was turned
down when Senate refused to acccpi.
the appointment of Ginger Wein-
ber: as parliamentarian.

With much hard work and boning
up on previous legislation and pre-
cedent, and with the able assistance
of an outstanding Junior Senator.
the new Senate should start going
places. Once the pace picks up, this
will be a process to watch.

Readers Appear Western Avenue Dormitory
Tuesday Night Receives Name ‘Alden Hall'

In Draper 349

Mark Twain, Stephan Leacock and
William Faulkner are among the
authors of selection to be presented
by the class in Oral Interpretation
of Literature in its ﬁrst evening, to
be presented Tuesday at 8 pm. in
Draper 349.

Program

The evening will include Phyllis
Gough. reading poetry by Langston
Huges; Elaine Romatowski, reading
Gertrude the Governess; or Simple
Seventeen by Stephan Leacock; and
Robert Helwig, reading Tom Quarty.
by Mark Twain. Howard Miller will
read Across the Bridge by Grahm
Greene; Brenda Casweil will read
The Dead by James Joyce. and
Mary Lee Glass will read A Rose
for Iimily. by William Faulkner.

The paiticipants in a program
of comedy and tragedy are being
coached by members of Miss Flt:-
tei'er's class in Oral Interpretation
of Poetry.

The new dormitory on Western
Avenue has been named Alden Hall
in honor of Dr. Joseph Alden. the
first president of Albany State Nor-
mal School. a predecessor of the
college.

Dr. Alden Headed Normal School

Dr. Alden headed the normal
school from 1867 to 1882. He was the
first person to hold the title of pres-
ident. The school opened in 1884
and in 1890 its name was changed to
Albany State Normal College and
ater to New York State College for
Teachers.

Education

Dr. Alden attended Brown Uni-
versity and upon transferring was
graduated from Union College in
1829. He also enjoyed the title of
President of Jefferson College for
five years. Upon attending Prince-
ton Theological Seininary he be-
(amc minister of the Congregational
Church at Williamstown. Massachu-
setts as well as Professor of Latin
at Williams College. In his idle mo-
ments he wrote extensively for pub-

 

They said it couldn’t
5 he done. ..
They said. rmboc’iy

could. do re... C

 

 

" ‘ . ' ' I \ V) T ‘

If AI is kindest to your taste." says IV s George (.olicl. “'lhero are
two mighty good reasons why I think you’ll go l'or ’eni. ’l‘lioy’rc truly low in
far, Willi more exciting taste than you’ll find in any other cigarette.”

LOW TAR: liM’s patented filtering process adds extra lllicr fibers electrostati-
cally, crosswise to the stream of smoke. . . makes li‘M truly low in tar.
MORE TASTE: ISM’s rich iiiixlure of slow burning tobaccos brings you more

exciting laslc than any other cigarette.

iiivrllllonnm...ciinc£ Til MODERN iiM

ti ,i.“ll l. l-l,el:i loll.“ Company

 

 

lications on educational and moral
subjects.
Accomplishments

Dr. Alden left the school in an ex-
cellent condition of efﬁciency and
usefulness; a condition in a high
degree due to his admirable admin-
istration of its affairs. He was very
successful in awakening. training,
and disciplining the mind. Under his
supervision. the students were
taught to think and consequently.
they learned to develop thought in
others. Dr. Alden contributed many
acts of kindness and was known as
one of the few really true educators.
First Japanese Student Entered

Under the Presidency of Dr. Al-
den, in 1875 Senzaburo Kodzu en-
tered the college. He was the first
Japanese student to enter, and
graduated in 1877. Upon his return
to Japan. Senmburo Kodzu was lie--
headed for political offense. He was
accused of thinking too radically.
probably because of his democratic
education liere
Name Submitted by Students

Alden Hail . the only name sub-
mitted, was suggested by a group of
students. The name was sublnitted
to the college council, an advisory
group. which endorsed the name.
'1 he State University Board of Trus-
tees gave its approval at its meeting
this month. Another State College
building. Page Hall, ls named after
the first principal of the school, Da-
vid B. Page.

Dormitory To Add Two Wings

The newly named dormitory. Al-
den Hall. has been occupied by two
hundred women students since last
fall. Two wings. not yet named. will
be added to the building. which will
also have a food service unit.

LSA Sends
Delegates To
Pennsy/vania

The North Atlantic Region An—
nual Conference for Lutheran Stu-
dents oi' New York. New England.
and Pennsylvania, will take place
today and tomorrow. aceording L0
Lois Agile '61, Publicity Director of
Lutheran Student Association.

The delegates, which will num-
ber over 500 students. will meet at
The Inn, Buck Hill Falls. Pennsyl-
vania. and will include students
from Albany State, along with dele-
gates lroln PtPl. Union, and numer-
ous other colleges.

Discussion Leader

The Rev. Edward '1'. Horn III, a
member of the Joint Commission
which produced the new Lutheran
Service Book and Hymnal. will lead
a discussion on the topic "Praise be
to God." In addition to Horn, his
brother. the Rev. Henry Horn, cum-
pus pastor at Harvard University
and author of the book, "Sing Unto
the Lord,” will also address the
delegation.

The ltev Frank Show, Campus
Minister, will accompany Dorothy
Davis ’59, Linda Maison '60, Lois
Agiie 'lii, delegates from State, and
tieoi'ge Long. LSA counselor.

Bogart Movie
Opens Tonight

’l‘liis e\eiini1,’s Il“(.‘i presentation
in Draper 341) will be Treasure ol‘
the Sierra Madre starring Humph—
rey Bogart. Bogart portrays Dobbs. .i
iii.iii lll pursuit of gold Iiigh iii the
lrlexiciin Mountains. The film will
be shown at 7 and at 10 pin.
Dark River

'l‘hursdily, [EU will show the Ar—
gentine liliii Dark River, un expose
of plantation conditions in Argen-
tina. ’l‘his i-oiitroyersuil film has rc-
ceived such awards as the first prize
for photography at the Venice and
Cannes r‘lm Festival, and the Di-
plolilit of Honor ut the festival.

immediately following Dark River
lb‘G will hold its monthly meeting
Students interested in membership
are Wclt‘oltle to attend.

 

