 

PAGE 4

ISTATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 6. 1959

 

1-9-6-0, it’s all
there a nd the
Yellow Jackets
have a. banner as
we" as leaders.
Who are they? La
Course, Merschon,
W al t h e r s and
Helwlg.

They Call Us Verdanf Freshmen

The verdant freshmen looked a little amber in Se tember
1956, but the Yellowjackets, honorable Class of 1960,p buzzed
to soaring success. Under the aegis of Bobbi Hungerford and
Dom DeCecco, our MYSKANIA class guardians, 571 members
of our class united to win Rivalry. (Too bad. We lost.)

. What Junior could ever forget: Bob Helwig, strumming his
guitar a la Belafonte . . . The Sunday dance sessions at Yezzi’s,
with more Singing and drinking (coke) than dancing . . . Our
original song, “T-G-I-F”, that was introduced in the frosh skit
by June Alexander and Ellie Gruen, and that was sung every
day thereafter . . . Our “voluntary” attendance at compulsory
Convocations, as we remained standing until Myskania was
seated . . . The “Soaring Sixties” banquet at Panetta’s with its
space—age. entertainment . . . The mysterious wanderings of the
statue Minerva . . . Class meetings at which a quorum was
actually present . . . Our Ofﬁcers: Bob Helwig, “Slats” La Course,
Donna Harris, Joan Novak, Ro Bordonaro, Bev Burke, and Stu-
dent Council representatives Kay O’Connor, Pat Gengo, Herb
Walthers, Joan Cali . ._ . “Jacket Journal” published by a very
yellow staff, on matching paper . . . Our Mershon-Mead home-
mad: bgnd .t. . The racoon coats of Cali and Walsh?

n , jus as a assin uestion, Juniors, ha v
to Harvey Abuschl.r3 gq W t6 er happened

 

A Pinch Of Personality

To deﬁne the Junior class is an impossible task, but qualities
that charcterize the Yellowjackets of 1960 might be combined
to make an exciting and delicious recipe.

The basic ingredient is approximately 500 naive but; en-
thusiastic freshmen. Add to this a generous portion of curi-
osity and a desire for learning (not necessarily all academic),
Stir in numerous and varied talents, all of which have been
sifted and mixed together to add ﬂavor. Fold in lots of good
times, a few sad occurrences, quite a bit of study, and com-
panionship. Sprinkle in a dash of indiViduality and originality
coupled with a healthy respect for the opinions of those who
know better. Simmer for three years in an atmosphere that will
challenge and enlargen these ingredients.

The end product of this recipe will most likely be a com-
petent, cooperative, efﬁcient, and successful organization. This
recipe has been tried and tested in the laboratories of N.Y.S.C.T,,
has been granted the “Well-Rounded Class” seal of approval,
and is guaranteed by the Minerva Crocker Development Cor-

poration.

"\Ve’ll c h 0 er
I ourselves to He-
9 tory . . ." And if
we don’t do it the
_ first time We’ll

try again!

 

 

A new

   

idea in smoking... -

refreshes your taste

 

o menthol fresh
0 rich tobacco taste
0 modern ﬁlter, too

   

(Ulllllilli 'lolmriu ‘ “WWW

Smokiiin‘ was i ' ' I '

9 J r ,.  ntvcr‘ like this before! Salem refreshes your taste just as ii glorious

. pimg morning refreshes you. 10 rich tobacco taste Salem L

that gives smoking new case and comfort Yes , L
' 7

ﬁlter flows the freshest taste in cigarettes

adds a surprise softness
through Salem’s pure-white, modern
Smoke refreshed . . . smoke Salem!

Take a Puff. . . It’s Springtime

it

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 6. 1959

PAGE 8

 

     
    
    

YELLOW JACKETS IQBO

0m; 7/0401; Sarah

We’re back . . . still looking for
Harvey and 149 other non-candi—
dates for Myskania.

Despite our heavy losses and Asian
flu we took those frosh like Han-
nibal took the Alps. We scored our
victory with our new. spectacular
“Minnie” Walsh and ‘ ‘Sinokey"
Hoover starring in Heaven Help Us.

Remember the Primer? Now you
see it; now you don't! Remember
the class banquet: You‘re lying,
there wasn’t any! Remember the
mysterious phone call received by
Radio Row the day of the blizzard
of '58? Winter Wonderland finally
comes to state! Remember the open-
air class meetings? 80.000 pigeons
were there, where were YOUl Re-
member romping through the leaves
at Dippikill? Did you have a good
time; we missed the bus!

As Sophomores we didn't have
-*‘ Methods, Golden Rhapsody, Cul-
Mer- ture, Harriman us a speaker. :1 Case,
Convocations, much organization.
. . . BUT WE HAD EACH OTHER.

,. ..y»~,9wmxwmw§-w - ,z

 

The sun shines bright on a winning Soph Rivalry Skint with
schon, Stoughton, Nesbitt, Mead. Walsh, Hooker, Grucn, Cannizzo and
“a cast of thousands."

folly [unload

The money—less Juniors (finally!)
returned to State—minke, iReccs-
siczi, folks-~~no jobs to be had!

 

Helping the freshmen to organize
their class were Ro Walsh and Dave
Mead. Co-Ciunrcl‘ians of the Class of
’62. It was a rciil feather in our
moth—catcn '60 bezinics when our
new frosh claimed the Rivalry Cup
for the first time in ten years!

llomccomint,r Weekend . . .and the
"Jolly Juniors" took to the fore un-
der the able leadership of Kay
O‘Connor and Herb Walther. The
Homecoming Queen "rained" while
the floats floated . . . “Weather”
you believe it or not!

Parcnts' Day, with Joan Cali as a
Chairman, featured class skits with
strato-moving sets And you
said that we had trouble with our
smoking smudge pots? . . .

Activities Day . . . “Don‘t hesitate skill in the Rivalry Debate.
Participate!" (Right, Rhoda?)

“Going, going. gone!" . . . and Mc-

Tunthus, Pris, Brid, Sears, and Eszi danced the Class of ’60 to fame and victory with terplschorian

  

9* .

The banner again, but this time
to believe but we‘re ﬁnally Jolly Ju

t::“i’3”¥§i.l’:fi‘iﬁi“it? Junior Writer Coniemp/afes Class Nomenclature;

rewards for the worthy Campus

Still?amt$3213inuiiitilvigaiifléiiil Yellow jag/(91‘s Bask In Bright Golden Haze

State Fair, with Bunny Silver-
chin and Arnie Rothstcin “,8 Co-
(.‘liiiii'incn.

By DAVE FELDMAN
Yellow Jackets, Yellow Jackets . . . What ever in the

pearl—gray, star-crossed world

HPmI‘é“US$31?l"18,33itiiF‘ipgffﬁgfg can be said about the Yellow Jackets? They are yellow? No the noise from the right—
”‘m' U L“ n' ’ ‘ ' ' cously indignant public would be deafening. They wearjackets. At times they do. But

Fowler. Walsh. Mcud, Lesick, Levin,

:liltl llookcr. i()li, yes, McGowan did then some of them wear sweaters, and sorority sweatshirts, and overcoats, and sweaters,

lim oinc legit.)
Gazing into the crystal ball. we (iolden llazes (And Fogs?)
.‘i'l‘ tlic Jolly Juniors becoming

and parkas, and sweaters, and some do wear jackets. But never, never yellow jackets.

I guess that 1 could say that there was a bright golden haze on Dorm Field when

$125lufbfffifiﬁji,,£,.,;“'fﬁd“g,,f;,,,f,‘,‘,i§ we got here. But I doubt if there was, I do not remember. And, besides golden is not
‘ ‘  yellow; gold is richer and more valuable (in a monetary sense that 18). Maybe I could

()ihcr future events inciu-lc the

Junior Rina Banquet in Mo and say that we were jacketed in that intangible warmth which envelopes those who are
"U" “‘ch M‘Wln-‘é'Ul’ W"- “'“"“ pervaded with a certain spirit and comraderie which can only come when students are

the Yollowjuckcts l){‘i‘iilili‘ (imnd
Old b‘cniors . . . Yes, \w'vc ionic u - '
low—trim way! . . .

by now.

‘ Bees And Jackets

Yellow Jll(1l(l"‘i are ii type of bee.
'l'liiit is, after all, what llll‘ class was
numcd uftci'. But, bees, oh mun,
hoes. I. woiidi'i' who ever thought
ilmt one up!

Maybe A Qiii-en lice

Maybe the idcii was that. till the
«(in-r little ln'cs follow llll‘ ijuci-n
lt‘l‘, (fould Minerva lic lll" (pica-n
him? And who: about that. spcnr
bit? It could be some kind oi sym-
holisni about slingcrs. Who will on-
h\\l'l' tlicso iinportioil, ijiiwaiions?
\‘Vlllll \vill lmopcn to Mllli‘l‘Vd'.’ Tune
in two years from now und there
will be illliiLili‘l' group of Yellow
Jiii-kcts Let llll’lll try to unswcr it!
A Poem
Yellow Jackets iii‘c \\’()ll(lCl'llll.
Ycllow Jackets urc grand.
'l‘hcy ill’C giving it party and
They are going to have a band.
liig Name Iiiinil

Yes, folks, I said a hand, a big
name bond is coming to State to
- _ play for the Junior Prom, presented
 "I ' " by the Yellow Jackets. I said the
Another glorious year for the depleted ranks of the Class of ’60. Yellow Jackets. the class of sixty
This time President llelwii,r with John Cali. Donna Harris. and Cathy and, aim that is to say . . .
Antonucoi directed the Yellow Jackets toward “Golden Rhapsody" and Now what ever in the world can 1
Lester Lanln. soy about the Yellow Junkets?

  
     

. no, that is too overdone. Anyway, most people have gotten rid of their winter boots

By the sweat of their brow and labor of their hand the Juniorii

.... .35 r .2; . at».

at Moving-Up Day, 1958; impossible
nlors.

74¢ 6’th 7m“

We old timers who have such vast
powers of retention find that much
has changed since we took the big
step onto the State College Campus
in the fall of 1956. The Junior men
who counselled at Freshman Week-
end this year rccall with chills their
own FreShman Camp held high in
the Heldcrbcrgs, where the partici-
pation was far out-weighed by the
precipitation.

As we allow our Bluejay friends

‘3 to cry on our big, broad shoulders

about their introduction to college,
we are reminded of our own Friday
-at ten, meetings called "convoca-
tions." Most of the Yellowjackets
agree with our new philosophy of
student government, and feel that
the improvements needed are ini-
provcmcnts that only come with
time and experience.

Speaking of improvements, we
never thought we would see the day
when the World Council of Urchins
main office on Western Avenue
would be replaced with living ac-
comodatioms for State College stu-
dents; but we now have a dorm we
are proud of, and hope that we will
see the completion of a new men’s
residence before we appear on the
quad for the his: time next year.

Oh yes, academics. It has been
decided that freshmen must no
longer be psychological. healthy, or
half as physically educated. unless
they elect to be so. More hours in
English are required, and a broader
.lil'l'l'c'llltllll is oilercd.

Book and Registration iiiics have
diminished, but so has our class . . .
Athletics at State have been on it
constant uphill ride . . . Winters
:ind pi'ohnfi m lists have gotten
longer while between — semester
breaks and nomination lists have
grown shorter.

Whoever sind Lint the only thing
constant is cliziiric was right. iAt
lt‘ilht this is true at State)

above tolled long and hard to bring you these pages. In case you don't

know they’re (I. to r.) Rhoda Levin,

Bunny Sliverstein, Nancy McGowan

Mini Ptolis. Chuck Fowler, have Mead and Terry Kerwin.

 

