ITATI COLLIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 13. 1959

  

 

 

41/4144 0/ State

 

  

By KENNETH TAYLOR

It is perfectly conceivable that if
an instructor of this institution an-

cuses on the grounds that we are in

college to learn and accept the hy-

     

Second Inaugural Day
Takes Place Tomorrow

Tomorrow afternoon, in Page Hall,
at 2 pm, the information concern-
ing the election results of last week
will be announced. A total of 939
students took part in this year’s
election for Student Association and

Presidential election, however, the
“Farewell Address” will be given by
the outgoing president.
Announcing SA President

The new president of Student As-

 
 

State College

 

nounced in class that the world had pothesis that discussion and debate
lust come to an end. the students are an essential part of learning
in his class would merely copy this and that neither are we so brilliant
bit of information into their already to grasp all the conceptions profer-
well stocked notebooks without a red without clariﬁcation or so stupid
murmur. as to placidly accept everything we
Important Criticism are told, we then have to look for a
One of the biggest criticisms on speciﬁc reason or reasons for the
the part of the instructors is a lack present lousy state of affairs.
of, as they put it, “intellectual ag- Of course it's possible that the
gressiveness" by college students. It behavior of some of the elder mem-

sociation will receive the symbolic
gavel from the old President, and
The ceremonies will begin with the“ take the oath.“ Ofﬁce. given to.

the singing of the Alma Mater. John mm by, the OUtgomg Chairman 9‘
Yagel. .59. outgoing President of Myksania. The new president Will,
Student Association, will then an_ in turn. administer the oath to the
. nounce the election results which new Mi'smma- members Senators: 2-464

concern the Junior, Sophomore, and and Class Ofﬁcers-

freshnian classes.

Myskania

 College Theater Initiates Production Tonight;

Myskania results will be announced
individually by Constance Olivo ’59,

I I

Chairman of Myskaiiia, and Presi-
dent Yager. The new members of a e  y      
Myskania will then be escorted to
the stage by the outgoing members.

After the new Myskanin members
are tapped, Yager will announce the
results of the Vice-Presidential race.
Before announcing the results of the

class ofﬁcers.
Tradition of Inauguration Day

  

     
            

News

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 20. 1959

        
    
      
  
     
  

   

 

VOL. XLIV. NO. 3

 

    

A new innovation is taking place in the State College
Theater. For the ﬁrst time in its history, the drama group
will be presenting a play in the Richardson Little Theater.
“The Contrast,” an early American play by Royall Tyler,
will be held tonight through February 28 at 8:30 pm.
There will be nine performances of this production, eight
of which may be attended by students. The February 28

College Has

figures that something must be bers of the student body give ex-
wrong when instructors have to ainples which lead freshmen into it
their mouths in claSS. It does not Sophomores. In other words if you
seem to me that all the studentsall use up all your energy outside of

the time consider the verbalizat1on class you won’t; be too 1nuch of a “

they completely understand all the men are in classes with uppcrclass~ Hubbard. Joan Call, Queen, Angella Castignello, Catherine Antonucci, Jane Havens. Miss Jones and Miss
ideas and conceptions put forth. men who never say anything it is Ilavens were Freshman Representatives.

There must be a reason or reasons logical to assume that they win

. O D

50115 more SPECiﬂC than the Usual and will hence keep quiet. U C  g  'l' g  S  
excuses about being “a. silent geil- Perhaps some of the blame rests  0 e e O O    
eratiOh" 01' the Other favorite with instructors. But whatever the
universal validity of these claims
then why go to college in the first
place? Why not just stay home and
No, these reasons are feeble to say
the least.
Discounting Excuses

Saturday, February 21, is the date
uate students and their guests. This
event is to take place at 8:30 p.811.
at Carmen's Hall. which is located at
Clinton and Lake.

Tickets may be obtained from the
Co-Chairmen, Robert Patterson and
tions for the tickets is $1.25.

There will be refreshments. danc-
ing, and informal fun for all who

practically beg students to Open state of apathy by the time they are
of their professors as gospel or that mental giant in class. And if fresh- THE JUNIOR. PROM QUEEN AND HER COURT: (I.  r.) alatriia Jones, Ann Fleming, Barbara.
for the lack of enthusiasm and l'ea- think this is the accepted procedure
 tiff;.lsyil‘sint‘iihl:    W's Invitation To Join Intercollegiate Contest ’ -
be silent and wait to be blown up.
So, if we discount the general ex-
of the party being held for all grad-
562 Clinton Avenue, just west of
Keith Olson, Graduates. The dona-
attend.

 

The
Best Place
To Eat

The
Best Place
To Meet

SNACK BAR

 

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

I'honc 6—3610

 

 

L. G. BALFOUR

Fraternity Jewelry

Badges, Steins, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, Programs
Club Pins, Keys
Medals, Trophies
UNIVERSITY no. BLDG.

17] Marshall Street
Syracuse 10, New York.

(Ht 5-7837

Carl Sorenson, Mgr.

 

 

NOTICE

This is the first of a series of
proposed articles concerning as
the title says, “Affairs of State
College."

It is the purpose of this series
to give the students a chance to
voice their opinions concerning
anything of popular interest at
State College.

Any article in the same vein
as this one—or with opposing
views, may be used.

All such articles should be
placed in the student mailbox of
David Feldman by Tuesday of-
ternoon at 2 pm.

Attention: Camera Clubs and
Photographers. The Union College
Photographic Society extends an in-
vitation to participate in the 1959
Northeastern Intercollegiate Pho-
tographic Contest. This contest is
scheduled to close April 1 to al-
low more time for colleges to pre-
pare an entry.

Awards

A trophy will be awarded to the
winning college entry. Individual
prizes for the ten winningr entries,
and honorable mentions, will in—
clude photographic equipment, ma-
terials, and photography magazine
subscriptions.

The judges for this contest will

be chosen among prominent mem-
bers of the photographic profession.
Rules of Competition

1. The Northeastem Intercolle-
giate Photographic Contest is open
to all students.

2. Thc only ofﬁcial photo organi-
zation on State campus, the Photo
Service, will be responsible for en-
tering the State College entry.

3. A preliminary screening is no—
ccssai'y since only 10 prints may be
submitted from the college.

4. Prints to be considered for en-
try should be submitted to the Stu-
dcnt Photo Service at the State
(‘ollcgc News not latcr than March.

The selection for the final entry
will be arranged by the Photo Serv-
ice.

5. If the contestant desires, the
Photo Service will assist in the pre«
paration of the ﬁnal print which
is to be submitted.

6. Complete Rules of the Contest
may be obtained from the State
(‘ollcgc News Ofﬁce.

Judging Date

The dale uhcn the entries Will be
judged is scheduled for April 4, 1959.
Exhibition

The best entries will be exhibited
for a period of one week following
the contest at Union College, Sche-
nectady, New York.

 

 

 

GOES
GOES

 

 

GOES on A anion !

 

 

More miles are back in a gallon of regular—grade
gas—up to 10% more—and Chevy’s new IIi-Tlirift

6 engine puts them
“git” in the speeds

Here's an engine that

there. It. also gives you. more
you drive the must.

always seems able to coax extra

miles out of a tank of regular-grade gas. In fact, if you’re
one of those drivers who keep tab on things like gas
mileage, you'll soon see for yourself that this new iii-
Thrift 6 gets up to 10% more miles a gallon.

Another thing you’ll like about this 135-bp. 6 is the

now-see the wider selection of models at your local authorized Chevrolet dealer‘s!

extra pop it gives you for passing in

is due to higher torque at normal speeds.

It may be hard to believe any
moves like this ’69 Chevy can b
economy. But—whether you pick
vim-packed V8-—this is just
one more reason Chevy's
the car that's wanted for all
its worth. Stop by your
dealer’s and see.

  

 

The count switch is to the ’69 Cheryl

 

id climbing hills. Thb

thing that looks and
e such a stickler for
the lIl—Tlirift 6 or I

 

 
 

 

 

    
    
  
  

      

New Registrar

Dr. Elmer G. Mathews, Associate
Dean and Assistant to the Presi-
dent, announces that the new Regis-
trar, Mrs. Esther Cook, will take
charge of the Registrar‘s Office for
Albany State College for Teachers
March 30, 1959.

Previous Experience

The new Registrar. who resides in
Preston Hollow, New York, obtained
her Bachelor of Arts Degree from
Skidmore University in Fine and
Applied Arts. Before her appoint-
ment as Registrar for Albany State,
Mrs. Cook was formerly employed
at the United States Department of
Agriculture in the Delmar office.

Diane Weber Davey, who served
as Registrar, has already left her

now being done by Dr. Mathews.

Senate:

 

HR 1;} V \ y, /
‘r . x \ .
'\ .‘iill'hdi 

Senate Votes To Pay President $200 Semester;
Recommends BudgelL Appropriation For N exf Year

The Student Senate surprised Fund of $500 to our prcscnt surplus clariﬁcation. In a
many people last week by throwing of $5,740, rounding it off to $6.600
tradition to the winds and voting and depositing it in a Savings Bank,
the SA President a "Colnllelisutiun” thereby collecting" interest. At pres—
ent the money is in a checking ac—

This could mean one of two count, and, us every good business
things. either Senate has suddenly major
comc lillVC and dccidcd to use the This is an intelligent proposal and is
power given to them constitutionul— (me that should be followed up by
1y. or else they wcrc lullcd into tuk- L119 new Senate,

of $200 for this semester.

ing‘ it radical stop by an old and
npt dcbalcr. Actually, there were no
solid arguments against the bill, and

the blll.

Appropriation

Bcsldcs voting :1 "Componsaiion"  

for this semester, the S0112ch also

includcd m flu- bill it strong rel-om»
inundation to the ncxt Scuulc lo    

Include an appropriation ol $400 in
Llltl ncxt Senate budget. This appro»
prmllon is lor ncxl. ycul'

Big Four Fund

Scimlo is attempting lo mch “1“

money by combining the lilg Foul' “l
of [MC progress bus in tho urea of

£7146ch

 

By NATALIE LcMOlNE

Residence Council

Dolores l-lavcns reporch
the ones for it were vcvy convuu'mg. “mm-(:55
No, John Yogi-r will not benefit by mum-

"l.ibcrul Arts In line Muclnnc Age"
\vill '
Knolls' speech lo the [numbers of
Introduction lo Colh-gc (‘oiu'sc
l’ugc llull today at l
Knolls is an on Associulc l‘iolcssoi
ol English ill the Collt'go.

(tin-sis Invited

conservative
stronghold like Albany, progress
moves slowly and quietly.

The End

The final meeting of the '58 Seli-
utc was held Wednesday. The busi-
ness at hand consisted of a finance
bill to appropriate $100 from sur-
plus to send rcpi'cscntntivcs to the
Eastern Stulcs ’I‘curlicrs Conference
in New York City.

A reminder [do you really lived
to be reminded?» of Inauguration
Day, 2 pm. at Page, and bouquets
for John Yngcr.

In Memoriam

Ml‘llllull of that name lnspircs
this thought: ask for a lot, don't be
(llSlililmllllI‘d with little, and ncvor
luSI‘ sight of your ideals. This sccms
lo haw bwn Mr. Yagcr's lol'niulu.
II will lllkt‘ it big man to fill John's
shoes, and \\'lll)l'\‘(‘l' you may be lots
()1 Mick.

 

Inaugueal‘am 3544}
season

'l‘omorrow, Page Hull, 2 pm.

George Washington? No, Carol
position in this college. Her work 1:; Stephenson and Robert Anderson in a scene from “The Contrast” opening
tonight in Richardson Little Theater.

Marilyn M o [I r o c'.’ Mighty
Mouse? Midin Mervin? Money
Money? (no but you're gctlng
closer!)

More & More? 'I‘Imt's a stupid
slogan! More 62 More what?
More. «it More time, More and
More people, More lb More par-
ticipation reaps More 6‘; More
money for More a More stu-
dents. (let it! (iot it! (loodll

Yeah They go on sale Mori-
duy. Be sure to get one.

Let's see More. 62 More of you
out for this year’s STATE FAIR.
(February 28, you know.)

M 8: M ‘21"!

speakers.

 

spool-ll \llll be of interval to mom-
bcl's of tho (‘llll(‘;',l' other than those
in the IC Coursc. 'l‘lll‘l'l‘lul't‘. llic bul-
irony \\‘lll be open to uppcrclussmcn
and faculty. li‘l'l'h'llllll'll must su.
downstairs.

Graduate of Harvard

Dr. Kllultb earned his liuvliclor of
Arts degree at the University of
Billiin Columbia and his Phi). from
Harvard University He was first up—
pomtcd to the faculty of State Col--
logo in 10:33.

This speech is one of the series
being presented to the IC Course by
uu-mbcrs of the faculty and guest

 

Alum Mater

(llnss It‘lccllon llcsulls
’l'uppnw of Myskanm
Vice—Presidential ltcsulls
President's Farewell Address
l’l'lSlthIlLlill Results

Oath of Office

President's Inaugural Address
Star Spangled Banner

’l‘omorrov.‘, Jack's 6:30 pm.
Sophomore Cluss Banquet
’l‘omorrow, Herbert's, 7 [)Jll.
Freshman Class Banquet

 

 

performance has been barred to State College students

upon direction of Dr. Ellen

Stokes, Dean of Women, who

feels that this performance would detract from State Fair

attendance.

The Director

Special Matinee
To accommodate State students,

Robert Harm“; Assistant, Pl'ofes- there will be a special matinee per-

sor of English and a newcomer to
State College, is the director of this

formance February 28 at 2:40 p.111.
The evening performance on that
date will be open only to the general

play. which should prove still an- public. The matinee performance is
other treat for drama enthusiasts. also a new addition to State College

Harpur. the director of the Merry-
G-o-Round Summer Theatre in
Sturbridgc, Massachusetts, also di-
rected a play off-Broadway last
year. l-larpur's direction of "The
Contrast" should prove delightful
to those interested in good theatre.
The Cast

The cast for “The Contrast" in-
cludes: Norman Shapiro, grad; Gail
Anderson and Robert Anderson,
Seniors; Donnalcc Anderson, Earlyn
Chuck Huntress and Charles Weed
Juniors; and Arthur Jenkins and
Carol Stephenson, Sophomores.

The Plot

“The Contrast" draws humor from
the false foibles and follies of young
America. The nine characters in
the play are reminiscent of a nation
that was attempting to develop a
culture and standards.

Some of the characters are ail‘ect-
cd and superﬁcial, while others are
natural and sincere. These are the
people that onc will not easily for-
get.

Dimple, the American who is try—
ing to affect the English, and Chur-
lollc, who places cxccsslvc value on
[he fashions of the day. can never
be forgotten. Nor can one forget
"the true bluc sons of liberty,"
Cololil'l Muilly and his servant .Ion—
uthun. Maria, lhc sentimental fo-
mulc; I.ctct1n, the chatty sophisti-
cuIc; .h-nny and Jcssnniy, scrvunls;
Will all be l't‘Illt’llllM‘l'l‘tl l'ol' lllt‘ll‘
('olill’usl and MI.

Theater.

Tickets are on sale in lower Dra-
per peristyle. Since there are only
99 seats for each performance, stu-
dents are urged to obtain them soon.

High Schools

Compete For
Science Prizes

The Eastern Section Science
’I‘eachcrs Association of New York
State announces its annual Science
Conference for junior and senior
hiin school students according to
Robert Lanni, Associate Professor of
Physics.

The exhibits will be shown in Hus-
tcd Hall and parts of Richardson
April 18 from 10 am. to 3 pm.

No Team Entries

There will be no team entries
allowed this year in the four cata-
gorics lllllt are planned. These cata-
gorics are; biology, physics, earth
science and chemistry.
Several Divisions

There are junior, intermediate
and scmor divisions, The three top
\I'lllllt‘l'S will go to the Slate Scicncc
Congress in Muy. ’f‘lic \vlnncrs there
Will col l‘llllt‘.i(.' Scholarships.

The winning exhibits will be
judged mainly upon originality. The
t‘XllllJllllll students also are cxpcclcd
lo l‘Xlllillll and unsm-r qiicslions
about lln- lllS])l.l_\’h'

Schedule Frosh, Sophomore

Class Banquet

1n Clilitlllliiitltill wuh the original
pluns l'or Inauguration Day, the
li'cslmu-n and Sophomores will hold
their individqu class bunqucls lo—
morrow H‘i‘nlllg

Freshmen

llerbcrl's Will be llu‘ sccnc lor the
Fl‘USll Bunqucl which will t‘lillllill'lll‘t‘
at 7 |).Ill. The theme will be Murdi
(iras.

Lotliur Wullcr Sl'lllllil/lt‘, Associati-
Professor of Sclciicc and Director of
Admissions, will be. the guest speak-
cr at the class banquet.

(Jo-Chairmen for the cycnt are
Marshall Smith and Fruin'cs Cicero.
other commilcc chairmen arc: Su-
san Macli‘urlanc. 'l‘ickcts; Husscl
Kopcn. Entertainment; Gary Bluuv
vclt, Silc; 'l‘ei'csu DlSunone, Dccm‘u-
lions; Annc Smith, Publicity.
Guests

Dr. Fvan ft. Collins, President of
the College; Dr. Oscar E. Lanford,

5 Tomorrow

Dean of the College; Dr. David
ll'urllcy, l)(‘illl of Men; Dr. Ellcn C.
tilokl‘s, lh'uil of Women; Rosalie
Walsh illlll David Mend, Clues Gum’-
dmns, un- lln' plil‘sln‘ of the class.

Sophomores

’l‘hc Sophomore Class Banquet. Will
be held at Jack's at 6:30 pm. It Will
lcullu‘e dancing lllllll midnight wuh
lllllsh‘ by the Slui'liuhn-rs.

Edward Haynes Sargent, Associate
Professor of Eillh'llllllll, Will be the
guest speaker.

Members of the various commit-
tees for the affair are Puu‘ica Flynn,
Barbara (ilaliysicwicz. Melvin Horo-
witz. (iuil Kaspm'iun. Richard Rob-
inson. Heidi Bei'bei'y is in charge of
publicity.

Tickets for the banquet are $1.00
per person. Unless more enthusiasm
is shown for the event. it will proh-
ubly be cancelled.

 

