PAGE 2

Friends? . . . .

This editorial is addressed to our multitudes of admir-
ers, critics, and associates. As mucn as you seem to cringe
each week in anticipation of our mighty pen, you are equal—
ly disappomted wuen we fall to mention you. Well, too
bad! rou‘li probably never know now much you worry us!

Each Week for the past three or four issues, we have
had an overflow of stories. Therefore, the stories printed
are the ones whicn were in our estimation most important
or in some cases those which we received earliest. it has
been rather unfortunate in some instances that news has
had to be cut or felt out, but it has been impossmle to use
all the information we have received.

We do believe you can all understand why an article
from perhaps Student Union Board announcmg a dance
will replace one from a dormitory saying that they have
elected corridor representatives. it is often necessary for
us to weigh the importance of news in terms of the num—
ber of people affected and in domg so perhaps a religious
club Will be slighted, but it should also be realized that we
are not religiously prejudiced, as has been the recent pop—
ular consensus of opinion.

We have no immediate solution for this problem be-
cause of our present budgetary conditions. although, it
would ge possrble for us to use larger issues each week
news Wise, this would make it ﬁnancially impossible for
us to put out the paper until June without appealing to
Student Senate for additional funds. We feel that it is
much too early in the school year to contemplate such a
move.

Our request to organizations desiring articles in the
paper is to keep submitting them as early as p0sstble, and
in order to get them printed, PRAY . . .

lF....

Fraternity rushing is an important part of fraternity
activities on any campus. The rushing period is of equally
great interest to freshman men.

The basic theory behind our rushing rules is that no
rushing of any sort should take place before the lFC
Smoker. It is believed that this is advantageous to the
fraternities and the freshman men.

The Inter-Fraternity Council is the organization whose
job it is (among others) to insure that rules preserving
this theory be promulgated and enforced. Since this is
lFC’s accepted task, it seems rather strange to us that
when ideas are presented to that group to do just that,
the IFC turns its collective back.

By a “gentleman's agreement” no freshmen are to be
in fraternity houses until rushing officially begins. We note
that this is by verbal agreement. There is no written regu—
lation concerning this, and no way to insure that the frat—
ernities honor this agreement.

We feel that [PC should either strengthen its rules
concerning freshmen and fraternity relationships prior to
official rushing or devise a new rushing system. Since IFC
is pledged to the present rushing plan, then IFC should
do everything within its power to uphold it, at least until
an alternate plan is accepted.

Both the lratcrnltles and the freshmen will lose out it
IFC continues in its present lethargy. Perhaps if the indivi-
dual fraternities bring this to the attention of their lli‘t‘
representatives the pic-Smoker lion-rushing fiasco which
we now have will cease to be.

 

DEF.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place eni'A Second Place, AUI’

 

Vol. Xliv (it llllil’i‘ :lo, lino No. :l
Mclnlnl . of : '.l.\’t.‘w‘ ". .11 1.1 n ,t\ ‘..' |.t,..:.l, .ai.t: \'.-I‘.ilt .114, lloiii '1 lo 11
p in of. .5 Jim, i  limo. :r l':.-t:.i ll. .. l. 1 till; (11.1.. in. .' Kilo, Molnlcl llil till.”
I Illl‘lP Ishtar .oll .l': .t- . t- 1:. ... y, 11:..1 ,w- ol l‘Ali l'ltlll .li. Alb thy,
itii...lu cut. ‘i.l.‘ ,,i- I.f l., '.~ Flu... 11.1-: If t,: .' l
Ab'mmwm i All i l ﬁ.ll1t‘lll
fli‘i‘AE- lll).‘\l(ll

MUNKJA 'l‘lti‘aisiﬁl rl
MJIl'lltl' (il‘llillAitll’l'
IlAlLlﬁAltA l.llli)l}l5
liAVlll i~'h’l.llMAN
JUHN M()l)l)l‘ll(
JANl‘l Mlliliuli
JANE (iitAilAM
JANICE (iltAllAAl
JAMI'i‘l lXiUUlll'Zlcl Y
l‘lIrIZAllh'l'll b'l’l'ZNCI‘ilt
TI) l'lukiKlN .

l‘llil'l‘illt IN ('llll‘ll‘

A .iot late lulllfui

A .:,m hitc I‘lllltoi'

, ireaiuro Illditor

. , , , . .. Sports Editor

l'ul;.a- ltcltltlollo Editor

ll . . Ill .. Adwillnillg l'lti.ioi

i o l..x‘..tlll and l‘;2\ill.|li]:1‘ l‘il1.lul
(Mountain Sports Edltor
()liliblill.tlil. Editor

. Photo.)

All ltllll'll Ill-1 .‘lil. .Ao..«i he ml :- . . .' . t .l.. .,: I. . In 1 hell N-Ilt«
will be Vitlllldti on let. ltﬂl the ti'l Al'i'; Hillnhi'. f‘i-Mih .l m .. c l.t"ll'.1[luli..lllil v
for ()pifilmm curlewasl til it: tolulniw oi wrap. t...i.l,.ol.i .1. [Hull l7‘..llf-"AUIIS do lid

Wily lcnut iti view.

 

'0"

 

 

KW KW
By PASQUERELLA and LEWIS

If we're not as good as usual this
week fans, it's because we're very
tired from picking up crumpled edi—
tions of the NEWS cast aSlde by en-
raged Kapers enthusiasts who no—
ticed our absence from last week’s
issue.

Before we attack the movie eval—
uation problem, we‘d like to say,
"Hats off to otir colrunontition."
Rumor has it that they‘re writing
a column this week.

PALACE

Five Gates to iiell Dolores Mi-
chaels, Neville Brand.

Once again the flick fiends
have played up the sex angles on
this documentary of the trials and
tribulations of the female popula—
tion within the high tension con-
fines oi all Indonesian war camp.

The coming attractions were fair-
ly seething with blood and gore, but
for all we knew it could be a re-
run of "Little Red Riding Hood and
the Wolf

Your guess is as good as ours
fans! Pay yoru‘ six bits aiid take
your chances!

LELAND

Warrior and the Slave Girl

The snail-paced saga of an en-
terprising, young, muck-raking coi-
umnist and his cringing female co-
hort. These denizens of the printed
page manage to incur the wrath of
their do\\.'n—trodden society by at-
tempting to snuff out the flame of
humor ciikindled in two mild-man-
nered, aspiring journalists.

As fate would have it, justice
finds its way into this forgotten
community, as the fol'k-tongued
villans are banished to a place
called Dippikill and supplied with
with carrier pigeon service to de-
liver their fan letters, plauding the
efforts of their former victims.
STRAND

Pillow Talk—Rock Hudson, Dor-
is Day.

“He had a thousand names in
his little black book—~She had a
thousand ways of saying No"—

BUNK! What this flick actually a—
mounts to is an impassioned adver-
tisement tor the Bell Telephone Sys-
tclii aiid a feeble effort to sell the
plibllc on the idea of separate lion—
eylnoons. Both Doris alid ’l'hc ltoek
lll‘c loathe to stcp ollt of character
as the typical peachy—keen Ameri-
can sweethearts. As a result the
film secretes armlotlds of sentimen-
tallin to the litter duiust of the tin-
iiirtulmles who nuppcnd to be
grossly mislead by the ile\|.'sp;lpcr
ads.

GWW

llear lid,

l)llrln:: lily first few days at Stale
i thought llli‘l'l‘ was nothing bill
ghastly Lil't't‘ll greillllns llt‘l't‘, who
were :ill just as lost as was i. 1
then wondered what. was to rescue
all us erectiles troin welt-wilds of
boredom, and t-icu more important
to keep the telniucs .l\\.l\’ from that

 

 

'l‘roy institute II won't mention
unlit-st,
Well, i found a fair friend. 'i'o

' list-lie ol the ",l'l‘t'lllt‘S :lliil llll‘
!t.| of us .slulclnln conic the i',:ll-
1.ll.t lilllch‘. Hll H 1' ll The [no jtlkc

Iio\ llilllll \\t‘l'i‘ :ll li‘.i.\l .t :xllf'l‘l':~>..
'llu n ililllt‘ hot with, Autunlnlude,
.t spastic c\enl .\ l.lsll.ll crowd
illt'dll‘. iltiot llllll ll‘lll., and mu—
I‘ll p.tr «\gtcllcnce made llu‘ whole
.ltl.llr \ni’t i‘llll‘l'ldlllllnt, Heleral

llppt-rt-l.l.-...nltn, llll‘ll' dates, lliyscll',
.tlul llll' l't‘l oi tlu‘ i'l‘clil tzlccnli'h
lll‘lll\l1lll fit) llll lil'lliill ill llll‘ “Ml--
lllll‘ z'l’l’i'llll’ﬁ, :lllll llli' l‘e.t. ot llll‘
..l.lll.‘\llllll, I'll like to sit), 'l'lllllllfh'
Sl'li, and it you can manage to
.11‘1 pioplt tlo.tlul.ll llnhursement
from oill llltl. triale debates IHt-nlitei,
we hopl \oll have more of these
.llltilir.
Appl'ccllllllely.
Itoy Knapp ’iiil

 

Notice

’l‘iiesda), after a five week ab-
sence, Shields Mellwnine, I'ro-
lessor of English, returned to
State. [Carly in the semester Dr.
{\lcllwzilne contracted pileu-
inoiiia, and due to various coni-
plications, his illness was lur-
tlier prolonged. lie is now teach—
ing one of his former courses
and in due time will resume his

fill schedule of teaching duties.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. OCTOBER 30. 1959

I
'1,
.. y

, A. N
'Knﬂﬁlﬁﬁi

  

2A” 6/

Still the best . . .

 

? Gammon-31a!“

By LEVIN and THOMPSON

   

But in ourselves, that we are underlings."—Shakespeare
“The fault dear Brutus, is not in our stars,
SO WHAT?

Horoscope said: You may make a trip to settle some legal problem to
your advantage. Yoii can take a calculated risk.

Diary says: Took it trip with the Outing Club to settle problem of
bats in the bclf'ry. Nice catch. Returned to Stlyles battier than ever.
POUR IT ON

Horoscope said: Ilito each life a little rain must fall. Today might.
be your day. Avoid long trips involving water.

Diary says: Well. we were just standing there, see, and this girl walk—
ed in~~wcll, what we mean is. that hazing really flustercd us. Uh, you
see, there was this Fire Department tryout . . . oh shticks, haven’t you
ever put the damper on a party?

OCCUPATIONAL HAZARD

Horoscope said: A day for meeting an important person who can
further your major interests. Make good progress.

Diary says: The department chairman called its 111, (illt'SS we \\'i‘l'i'
thinking too many exams ill our major. We had four 111's and one D. so
he told us we were oycr-eniplilist/Jug one subject. Didn't make good
progress, but furthered our major interests by switching majors to ollr 1)
course.

OVER AND ABOVE

Horoscope said: Artistic efforts should prove satisfying:
can be developed successfully today.

Diary says: Last week we knocked the posters in the perlslyle, and
much to our aesthetic satisfaction the wrong is being righted. We sat
right down and invited ollr folks to Parents" Day. because those pester.»
aroused ollr enthusiasm. Heard that the actual day will be as good as its
publicity. ‘

KOOKY

I-loroscojw said: it may be your day to meet an important official and
settle matters for your filtllrc benefit.

Diary says: Scuttle voted to inform the News Board that, henceforth
all write-lips of their activities are to be completely sll'lll‘ilil torwaid
We don’t see how this is of any benefit to us, as the erslwhlle senator
probably killed the flilulilsl collilllli lll llie paper. t'l'llzlt is next. to olll‘n -
Well. there are those pcoplc who can only llltllll'l' ollc knock flint oi
opportunity Don't, the politically-inllided l'i'.’lll/.t' that. certain tll‘lltl“-~
should be taken with a lull! of :11“. .l l;;l.' of prl-t;/.el.., and :L llll‘l' llllll
glass of , . ,?

I'l(i()’l'l$'l‘l(‘:\l.

liorol-ope said: The world can he \our o\ ltr toll.l\

\ylll lit-l just. about what you .lsl'. lol', loo I ~

I Diary says: A Senior rendered this i'ollllllllllll lotl.l\' Alter ioul Wil-
oi sitting on the sidelines and "l'llilli', :Iliolll whn .lllIv lhl . school lll'll‘ «I'»
listened, _Wc told llllll he should we! out and push hi.. lllt'lil‘lt‘hf lll.’~lf»lil
oi elammlng up, ile l'til just alto he asked for in. fellow onler tool:
thin out and got stewed. J I
DOIUIS ()I’I‘IN HOOKS l-‘Oli liANl‘thi

lliil‘iml'lllk‘ said: It loll are l'llli'11.lllllll", important people lllls» toil»
end, tlll should ~,o well.

Diary says (ipcn hon ts onion |[,,]t,,t,l_, 1.“, MM 1,“ ,,,,. ,.|,..t on-
let olil oi the tlllrylliv \Vl‘ ('Illllll pp. ppm” A” “It” I“,  . ,3
l-ill'lll'llldl' partner, \\I touloll‘l ll‘ llll out 11 t|11;,\l_,l,c,, [my .,1- pip-n
llut e\er\lhln;1 "\itnl net] l".l]| lh .t..h |i|li:.l oi the lit l
finned .l.. (‘llttllitllm llit'.lll e out tut. o l.lllll fit tulialt
olamge 'l'ellll’tl
'.' ()l' 'l'lll-I “‘l'll‘llt

\\'ll.lt will \oll lu‘ illllll‘.‘ on lttllo at ii.

A new ltlcll

You pronoun

‘.‘.i ll .iill

ll.lo | hi; ,lt'

~illc IIil' poolzln‘, or :.pooitllt’

College Calendar

FRIDAY, ()("l'tillltill 30
7.00 pill Smiles Halloween l’ul'l‘.
7~ll pill ili’ti. "’l'hi'cc l“;1('i‘n of in“ 1th).
SA'I‘I'IHMY. (it"l‘OBI-Ilt .‘fl
1000 am ltl\tlll',\ Veil-lulle.‘ Icu lil
2 00 pin Soccer (illllll' llli'i‘lil‘l' :wlutc \..
{1-1 a in l)orln Format.
Sl‘NlHY, NOVEMBER 1
23.304) pill lllllel dance lll 'l‘l'oy.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER :5 |
7:30 pm. S(‘A Study (iroups lll lirllbachcr.
 |).lll.( f’aul l’t)\\ll':~l.llltl folk..lll,;t-l' lll ltlchaldson Bill
1. pm iilllllllil Ktl 1 ill l’lll (,‘otie- l - ' ' ~ ' .
THCSIMY’ MWEMBtﬂt" 3 l h Illl for IUUAJ (lllll.
7:00 pm, ltl-sldencc Council lli'llhlalu-r
7:30 pm Newman (tlllb 1"Ul'lllil Discussion.
0:00 pm. ()rlll lilterprelllllon ll-Jiiiil,
\‘l’lCliNliSD/H’. NOVICllIBIiIt 1
3—5 pm Kappa liella I"til'flilll lfusli l’alt‘».
7:30 pill (‘oiumence Club Meeting. ‘
it 00 pill News Staff (Ilub (Tia-ts.
’I’lllll‘lto‘lmv, NOVILMBI‘JIL 
0.00 pm. SUB-Bridge Semioil

 

 

llllll;',l‘]lt)l'l.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. OCTOBER 30.

1959

PAGE 3

 

Pros

 

Senator Says

By CHARLES FOWLER.
Senior Student Senator

Once again the entire question
concerning potential and desired
use of the college camp has pre-
sented itself to the Student Senate
and indeed. to the student body.
(‘amp To Be Testing Ground

In the four years I have been
here. I have contributed approxi-
mately fifteen dollars to the college
camp through payment of my stil-
dent tax. For all intents and pur-
pose I have realized no personal
value from this investment. I feel,
however, that we have now reached
the point where we can, at. a non-
proliibitive cost, construct a usable
student (-l'lltt‘l‘ at the camp which
will be a testing ground for further
development.

"Limited" Student Interest

The camp will never accommodate
the entire student l)()(l)'v—110l‘ is the
entire student. body interested in
using the catnip (just as the entire
stlldclit body is not interested in
being on Music Council, Debate
Colincil, Forum of Politics, etc).
Perhaps ill the early stages the cost
of the camp might be out of pro-
portion to its use by students. It
is conceivable, however, that the
(Jump may become, within a matter
of" a few years, a definite income
factor for the student body if they
choose to rent the development dur-
ing certain parts of the year.

In (‘oncliision

We, as one generation of students,
cannot evaluate fully the potential
of the camp. Let‘s make the camp
usable aiid then decide, on the basis
of active participation by the stu-
dent body, if further development
of the camp is warranted.

 

College Camp Proposal Renews
“59 ' Eva/“0’4 Eliorts To Stimulate Construction

May film—“Student Association
approves appropriation of $10,000
from surplus for purchase of col-
lege camp,

The purchase of the camp and
its projected use have once again
become the focal point of campus
discussion.

What Is the College Camp?

The college camp, using as its
namesake “Dippikill” twlllt'll is a
lake located on the propertyl, is
a 700 acre plot situated ill the
Adirondacks near Warrensburg,
New York.

At the present time, there is one
structure existing on the property;
that being an old farmhouse which
caliie with the property pills a
$5,000 addition constructed at the
expense of the Faculty—Student
Association.

Present Use 01‘ Camp
This house has served as the cen—

  

ter of all camp activities to date.
Camp Board, the faculty-student
group appointed to formulate poli-
cies and procedm'es for the devel—
opment of the camp, reports that
Camp Dippikill has been in use
almost every weekend of the school
year during the past four years.

The number of persons able to
use the camp has been limited by
a lack of adequate facilities.
Financial Status

Since the purchase of Dippikill.
Student Association funds amount-
ing to $29,068 have been allocated
to Camp Board. Of this amount
$8.540 has been spent for work par-
ties and general maintenance of the
camp. The remaining $20,488 has
been set aside in a. fund for capital
construction purposes only.
Board Develops Specific Plans

After foilr years of working with
different groups who use the camp

The photograph
at left is a partial
view of the pro-
,/ perty now owned
' by the college.

"if. The scene is
shown from one
one of' the num-

erous campsites
surrounding t h e
lake.

Not shown are
the buildings
owned by the col-
lege. These build-
ings at present
are approximate—
ly one mile from
the lake. The
lake is surround-
ed on all sides
by mountains
shown in the
background

Photo by

r

special High Porosity paper
“Air-Softens" every puf ' 

Invisible porous openings blend fresh air with each

pull" for a milder, cooler, more refreshing smoke.

 

Salem research creates ii revolutionary new cigarette
paper that nulltes Salem taste more Sill‘lllttlllllt‘illl'l‘hll
than ever! lticliel‘, too.b‘inokcrefreshed.,.snlokt-Salem,

if 

IVOW MORE
Ill/W 5V5?

Rober I"l‘lbt'llllltllll

and studying the set-ups of other
college camps, Camp Board has
presented a detailed written rec—
ommendation to Student Senate for
the immediate and long-range de-
velopment of the camp.

The plan suggests that stages be
used in the total development. The
first stage, as outlined by Camp
Board, includes What it terms
"basic development" and a student
center. Included under “basic de-
velopment" are construction of a
road and dam, extension of existing
power lines into the camp site,
cleaning of Dippikill shoreline and
the fencing and posting of the pro-
perty. The projected student center
contains sleeping and dining facil-
ities for 32 persons and several
recreational areas.

Long-Range View

The remaining stages provide for
construction of a. conference center,
a faculty and altunni center and
it conservation laboratory. The re—
port further suggests that the
groups concerned with these pay
for the development of the areas
as well as share the costs of the
“basic development."

To Be Decided!

A bill for $20,000, introduced in
Senate, to supplement an equal
amount in Camp Board's capital
construction fund to accomplish the
first stage of this development,
leaves at least the following ques-
tions to be answered before a decis-
ion can be reached:

.Wlll $40,000 suffice?
.What additional costs will be
incurred as a result of such
an appropriation?

‘. What should Senate's policy be
concerning indebting future
college generations?

H

t»;

9v

 

 

Cons

College Camp:
Boon or Bust?

By BETII SPENCER.
Consultant Editor-ln-Chief

In May of 1956 a Student Associ—
ation, composed of people you never
knew, bought land and a farmhouse
in Warrensburg—cighty miles from
Albany. In a short time something
decisive will have to be done with
Dippikill. The question is: What?

The proposal now before Student
Senate involves requisitioning $5,000
from surplus and floating a bank
loan for $15,000; this $20,000 will
be added to $20,000 acquired from
Caliip Board budgets for the past
four fiscal years.

Dippikill has cost each Senior ap-
proximately $15.00 since its pur-
chase. The present student body
will pay a minimum of $5.00 per
person a year for these plans (with
no assurance that this figure will
not rise.) Dippikill now consumes
18'; of the student tax, or $8,100
out of $45,000. It is one of 22 organ-
izations receiving student tax
money.

An approximate, optomistic fig-
ure estimates that 5’; of the stu-
dents really use the camp.

As an investment, Dippikill has
not proved itself to be an actual,
tangible boon to State College. This
bill does not provide for a realistic,
useable camp in any forseeable fu-
ture. tNCW Paltz, for instance, a
camp valued at well over $200,000.)
Solution

The solution, as I see it, is the
never-to-be-spoken but obvious
fact: SELL DII’PIKILL! If you
want to spend $5.00 more a year,
spend it on something beneficial
to the entire student body (a State
College song book, a stadium, foot-
ball, big name bands).

Turn the camp budget and the
sale money over to surplus Student
Association and do something that
you personally will profit from
with it.

 

        
 
  
     
     
     

 

 

 

