 

PAGE 2

Potbe Revisited . . .

Eighty miles from Albany there’s a big white elephant.
Two weeks ago Myskania traveled the eighty miles to view
the site. Apparently they were impressed. Is this going to
make a difference——are people now going to start driving
eighty miles to relax in their camp? We doubt it.

We haven’t been to Dippikill yet—perhaps the fault
is ours. But it takes a lot of motivation and persuasion to
want to go eighty miles to enjoy the primitive things in life.

Most of us can go home in less than the three hours
it takes to get to Dippikill—we can eat better and ﬁnd
more conveniences. Now of course we like to be with our
fellow students, but just how many of our fellow students
are going to want to travel eighty miles?

At any rate, much as we all like the idea of having a
student camp, we can‘t see the point of having it eighty
miles from school, unless it has something more than pot-
belly stoves and outhouses to offer!

The Why?...

This year State has suffered from a great number of
drop-outs. These students have left school for both" aca—
demic and personal reasons. Why? When we are accepted
at this school we're told we are the pick of the crop, the
top group of college entrants in the state. Why should we
then leave for academic reasons.

E.A.S.

Our grading system as it is set up does not allow for
freshman errors. The poor frosh who happens to fall into
a “C” category in four out of six courses and gets a “D”
in the last two must prove himself exceptional the next
semester to maintain a 2.0. If these courses are in his
major or minor, he must repeat them and get a “C” or
better. However, regardless of the fact that the course has
been repeated, the student must still carry the “D” on his
record. What is the reasoning for this? Would it be pos-
sible for interested students to discuss this problem and
others with the faculty and administration and perhaps
have some effective changes made.

A further reason for leaving school is the disillusion-
ment one suffers as a result of some of the courses taught
here. To make this problem speciﬁc, we’ll aim our com-
ments at the education department, although they aren't
the only ones at fault. Why can't Ed courses be set up
as discussion classes at least once a week. Granted, a
certain number of lectures are needed, but why can't
students ask questions about teaching in class without
being glared at for throwing off the daily lesson plan?
Isn‘t it possible that having been removed from high
schools a fewer number of years than the instructor our
view of classroom situations today might be more realistic?
Why don’t most instructors allow us to voice our views?
Isn’t one of the methods of education class discussion?

M.T.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP

Vol XIJV March 30, um Ni, g
M. HM ,,; . ‘.l 7,3 .1' ; . . .i ue't 'Iiii-~.iiii‘. .iiiii Weiliicwiiuy from ’1 to
it p I, i _' ._i . i Suiiuei Inuit; li’ilhrﬁih '.!<tii‘.lb‘, (li‘ilililili
l-Ii'iJii' l)o..j:.i:'. ‘1 iiii'i'l
1,”. ,;_ ,, , , ,,i. ;..  ‘, I .z ' .i New Yoit; Stuff: (Toimge for ’l‘eucliers. pub—
..-..‘.i-ii i‘.’ i. l‘l .. oi ‘;..« t i.  .i ll 1.. ..i RIMS liotiit toi the Student Association

Co-Eiiitor-ln-Uhici
Cf)inlli or»inA(Jiiici

I‘i'lJZ/illit i ii Sl‘i‘.‘if'l‘ it

MUNICA litAJI‘I ['5‘

“:1 VIII l"l‘.l UNA-“i l"ciilurc Editor

Ji‘aﬁllzb' lJfﬂifililJt I Y - ‘ ' Hilfﬂls lilillt)!
‘1...”th M‘ H, {,H t' llliii l(i'iiil.Ulih Editor
JANE (iltAllv‘h'ul ' * ~ ll will .5 Allyi'rllsllig Emu”

JANICE (iltAiis’i .\I (.‘.rciiliitlon Editor

“(lumpy Kahlil}. Consultant Sports Editor

I‘HU'I‘OUIL‘II’IIY N'Ill' College l‘lmlo Service

Ml "Hii'iwv'l i'l’w‘v Hui” t-c  - f ‘u ‘1' ci-t'ir uni must “‘5 wished Names
Jilit In v..t:..'.i.it oi. ['flil’ I i .« nii‘iii- (Militfll. Niatt'r; i. IIiIil'i no I'flhillllinlllilly
for op:t.loiu l’.‘.,’iI4 . I'll ,Ii .ir. this... or 'lJ-iltlt'llltILlllllxl‘ 1,, am“ uxunhbumb do not
Loom-null, ii:lli:it :is new;

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 20, 1959

 

KW Kapm
By Gebhardt and Pasquerella

We have had many comments
made to us on our column in the
past few weeks and in the future
we would like to ask you to keep
your dirty mouths shut. We do hope
that you are enjoying the positive
attack that we are launching on
entertainment in the Albany area.
If there is any worthwhile enter-
tainment going on we will try to let
you know about it.

STRAND

House on Haunted Hill—Another
loser forced on the public. A real
shocker. Full of maggot-gagging de-
vices designed to take the viewer's
mind 011 the foul plot. The sec-
ond feature is Wolf Larsen starring
Barry Sullivan. Hollywood botched
this flick so badly that after seeing
the results the author gave up all
copyrights.
KI’I‘Z

South Paciﬁc—At two bucks a
throw we advise you to save your
money and wait till the movie hits
the late show. For this kind of
money you could see a Broadway
play.
LELAND

Comanche—And all this time we
thought we had seen the last of the
westerns. Oh well, good luck. At
least it's an improvement over their
previous presentations.
PALACE

Tempest—The intent of this hunk
of celluloid is lost amidst the con-
ftision creuti (l by bearskin hats and
sweaty horses and the lllOrl, over-
whelming cavalry charge over filmed.
Ever got wind of 8.000 sweating
horses?

Reflections

Took in the Revue last Saturday
night . . excellent jobs by some.
leads left something to be desired

. we don't know who closed their
eyes when they kissed. but we closed
our eyes when they sang . . . the
party that followed was one that
will go down in history.

Projections
Romeo and Juliet go to high school
this weekend lit Albany High . . . it

will rival some of State‘s drunuitir
productions . , . Dale's is still i'eii-
turing the hottest. jazz band in the
urea . . . well worth your while if
you can afford it Down dance
on Suturdiiy morning will i'ciiturc its
usual iimount of drunks and llSi‘lltlfi
drunks.

 

communicafiand

 

To the Editors:

Wc. t c wen i K.ippi ii iii. w illlfi
like t. ion. the readers knew jliSt
exiictly \\'lli‘l‘i' we stand in reicrincc
to Mr. Pusnuiri-lii's article of
March 13, l959. Although lilS iiit.clc
ls‘ summed to i'l‘\‘li’\.\‘ in v: », ht;
(‘lOSlIIl’ paragraph wits ‘.\'ll.ll on-
iinzlit c.i!l .i "slum" illiil fili‘ which
we feel l.\ unjust

If we iirc correctly inioi‘incii.
which we iii-ltctc we ilI'l‘. before we
ri-scryi-d our bloc of tickets llil' Sut~
iirilii\'.~. iii-rfoi'iniinci- of "New (in-l
in 'luiyii," there liziii lll'l‘ll .i snniiair
rc~erviil1on oi i-:,iiiv;ilciit si/c by tiii~
other (li'ccl. ti'..lilllz.ililiil on itiinp—
llS Are we to ossuiiii- Iliui [11c other
(i'l't‘l'l’,h \vci'i lit the right .iiid we in
the wroii-i?

is there :iii.ilniig
si-i'yiiig “cuts for .iii}
of any production?

Mr. Pilnillll'l‘i‘llii. w‘erc you
In li I'i‘t-ii‘i‘\'l'll scul'.’

Stiii‘i-i'cly.
The Men of Kappa Bela.

wrong in ic-
pci'loitiiiitii-i-

iiiiiig

Editor’s Note:

"Killlltill Kupcrs” is co-iitithor»
ed by William I’asquarella and
Itobcrt ilebliardt and is not to
be attributed to one person.

 

Notice

Junior (‘lass Banquet tickets
are now available. Anyone wish-
ing to purchase tickets may con-
tact Catherine Antunucei. Tickets
are $1.00 for class members, $2.75
for all others. The banquet is
scheduled for Saturday, April 18,
at Ilerberts Restaurant.

 

 

 

 . . the morning after what?"

 

Gammon-5"de

By YOUNGS is: BURMEISTER

   

“Good-bye proud world! I'm going home,
Thou'rt not my friend, and I'm not thine."

BON VOYAGE

Come next Wednesday! Fire more days till we get out! etc! For
goodness' sake. do something, so that when you come back. we‘ll hear
more than "How was your vacation? 'Finel' " For suggestions. read on
Itl'l)I)Y GOOD PLAY, OLD MAN

When you're home, go to ii shop and btiild a trophy case. Then when
you come back, bring it with yoti. Since everyone seems indifferent. to
the trophies we‘ve won, no one should object to your placing it in Page.
and if yoti piil your name on it. you will have left your mark at Stati-
EVEN YOl.‘

You can make your kid brother's April Fool‘s Day happier! Get in
the mood, fall for anything—why chungc. just because you‘re home?
AVOID THE BUS"

See your family friend while you're home. Among the variou-
rciisons for doing so is that if you wait until you get back, you'll have
to ﬁght your way through mobs of juniors who are being checked for
student-teaching.

DECIDE YOL’II DILEMMA

With the season of formats approaching. ten days would be it gocii
time for your girls to make your choice of whom to ask. Think of the
most witty charming guy yoti know and then ask someone else. since the
former is probably taken and the latter will probably be nicer.

ASK YOURSELF

Who can organize ll ll'tTSllilliiil cliiss better' "pi'oven" seniors or Silli-
i!)-lJt‘-tl'il‘(l juniors? As we understand things, a court is the conservator
oi‘ tradition —-JUDICIAL TRADITION, that is. Of course, if we‘re so good
[hut we don't need a cotirt. and it it citiss president is so poor that he
can't make wise appointments. then we should scrap the constitution
and regress.

NO PENALTY

Ladies. gather your lute hours while you may. It would be it good
idea to stay out as late as you want. since the most your purcnts cun do
in campus you for nine days or less, it you're not 1]] your ubodc lit the
magic hotir. ‘

I)IS(‘I'SS ’I‘IIIC IDEA

Show yoi'r mother «not your buddies, they iniiht liiiiglii your piirii»
phi-rnuliii. your scars Il you litil't' them. or the plucc where you‘ll «ii-t
them. and iisk hi-r whiit shi- illlilkS. Mothers understand, so she‘ll pih'o—
bubly tell you she's glad you're not lI misfit. and that dignity and nnii'l'w
illlil'kS ill'i‘ unimportant ‘ M
BEN!) 'l‘IilCIIt It‘AltS

Tell them about. State College Revue the appearance of new star:
the repent.» by old ones, the new ('lioi‘i-ournpliy What? You didn't \i'c ll"-
’ihcri- \ll'l'i‘ seats available your loss! 1
I'NOl'I'IS'I‘IONABIJC SIIAOUY

A former editor of this paper [old US this onc, which :-.ccins to fit
:iii-‘silmon. lt yi'iii tind lili .lIli'hllif‘lle‘tl i‘:ll)l)iL. try to wukc him up w

Iii ii- ciiii do llS ,ob You Sl'l'. i‘:. ‘ - i It i‘ w -
le‘x’rl‘lllzmu “"1"”. ii probably tlii l.thii Bunny

We think ll would be nice for everyone to set their illliI'IIlS for Hiy-
ihiriv nest 'l'hiirwluy', When 11 goes oil. sit i‘pright. think of‘how‘ nice
u is not to be in school. .iiid git bii ‘k lo sit-cp for El wch
'IiiSS 'l‘l‘IflII’IuIL-INLI‘J AWAY

For :i ii-tilly good time while you're home. rent an iipiirtiiiciil .illtl
ilylit‘Vlliglt‘ lli‘ili'fl that lli('_\ really iilllki‘ for good utsousphi-rc

Dct'ltlc whether you‘re going lo get u Job or u sitti'l on tliii! term
paper It the ill’W would leiiyi- ilil' jobs in the lili'llll\‘ t'1llt'li‘l‘I't for it‘-
wc'd s;i\ 1):: the li'l’lli imiici'” but .is it lS - t I
ItI'Z.\I.IS'I'I(' APPROAI‘II
\“(‘;llllli:llliv‘il:\.hf‘llI}:l{11::li;llllllliI’llllli(11"::lllll',ll:1:l:thiH“lill till your school work incl
Illlii‘ll nioi'c cnjinzililc h I“ 15mm” I” “Minimum: MM
1' Ql'liiS'l‘ItiN (ii' THE WEEK

Did it c\ci' illi\\il on you to (llillf‘i‘?

College C alena’ar

II‘ItII).\\', MAIH’II :50

l 00 pm lli' lilt'liii\‘i"S “Aili'i‘lill|".‘ i ' -- '4 - i- "

li'iit: pm ltice String Quartet Ulillii'zl'illl’llljl‘ hm“! M 1‘ mm.

10:30 pm Alpha l’t Alpliii liiloi'iiiiil iiiitiiilion

12.00 pm Kiippii ilclu lllliiI‘iliill Initiation.
Sigma Lambda Higiiiu informal

SA'I‘I'ItiiAY, MAIH‘II :51

.5100 am ilziwii Iliinizin ili‘iibiii'licr

11 um A; 7:30 pm. AAU Wrestling ’l'oiirtiiunciit,

SI'NIJAY, MAIH'II 22

1:00 ll.iii. Potter (,‘liib [iiioriiiiil Initiation.

3.00 pm. Kappa Beta Open House.

MONDAY. MAIN!" 23

8:30 pm Phi Delta (toffee flour for Sigma Lambda Siginii

Emerson

 

 

 

 

i’iigc

lnit liitton.

l’iigc (iyiii

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 20. 1959

 

cal/M46 Jerald   .  

 

 

Tonight is that much awaited
night for the pledges of three frat-
ernities. Alph.i Pi Alpha will start
its annual torch race at 10:30 pm.
Kappa Beta and Sigma Lambda
Sigma will begin festivities at mid—
night. The Edward Eldrcd Potter
Club will hold its "Hell Night"
Sunday tit i am.

Sigma Phi Sigma

Barbara Schneidermun '62 was
initiated as u stster of Sigma Phi
Sigma. 'tnnounccs Susan (Within!)
'39, President.

Office Offers
Cut Rate Plan

In view of the spcciiil interest
.imong students and teachers in Eli-i
Kuzan's production of Archibald
NIuchish's hit pliiy “.I.B..“ cur-
rently :it thc ANTA Theatre, New
York City. the "JB." muniigcmcnt.
nus lllSllIllll‘tl ii Student Discount
Pl.in for i ('i‘t'iuill numhcr oi or—
clicsti'ii ..c;its.

The student discount mails :irc
iii-inc; offered to students and teach—
l‘i'S :it $3.45. 'ihcy uri- orchestra
units, niii'iiiiiliy costing $6.90.

".lB." shil's Christophcr Piliilllllt‘l‘.
itiiyinond Massey and James Duly
and hits l)i‘i‘il nominated for five
“Tony's” by the American Theatre
Wing.

Special Studi'nt Discount Piiin
blanks, for use either by mail or ill
the ANTA Theatre box office. have
bccn scn‘. to the chairmen of tin
English Department, Dr. 'I‘ow’nscnd
Rich. Additional supplies of these
student discount forms may be had
by writing Alfred dc Liiii're. Jr., 3:)
West 42nd Street, New York :50,
New York.

._ _._. -<._.....‘.—A.~_ __~__

 

Co-Chuirinen of the sorority for-
mal, to be held April 11, are Lila
Levine tin-.1 Jenn Lasher, Seniors.
Phi Delta

Monday at .i:30 pm. Phi Delta
will hold r. coffee hour for the men
of Sigma Lambda Sigma, according
to Stillv Weeks '59, President. The
fraternity has appointed David Za-
morv ‘o‘.’ (is Chairman of Entertain—
‘ilt'lll for the event.

Kappa Ilcta

Willizllil Hcrshf'ield ‘59, announces
that Klippil Bt‘lil has scheduled illl
Open Hons:- for Sunday. from 3 to 
j).iii.

Alumni Luncheons

Moving-Up Day. May 2. there will
be alumni ltinchcons for the Greek
oiguni/itions on rumpus.

’1 hey lll'i' scheduled for the after-
noon. Fill‘lllCl‘ details will be an-
nounced by the individual houses at
ii later date.

Clianning Club
To Hear Prof

(‘hiinning Club will hold :i meet-
lllJ. Sund iy evening at 7:30 pm. in
(thunning Hull Ibchiltd the Unit-
.iriun Churchi on Washington and
Rzil)lll Streets, announces Pa lll
Wi-iiycr 'tio. Priwidcnt.

Speaker

Dr. Eric Niissbuun. Instructor in
Mathematics, will it‘iitl a discussion
n the pimblcms of the lower classes.

This is thc first of the strics of
plzinncd lectures on the problems
in society among the louver classes
involving religion.

Anionc not a member of the
Clizinning Club. but interested in the
discussion, may attend the meeting.

co-or
WINTER

SAI E

White Nylon Fleece
Wits/table Jackets

Regular $8.50 —-— Sale $5.99

Albany Seeks
Representative
For Community

The Community Ambassador Pro-
gram for the Junior Chamber of
Commerce is now in search of a
young man or woman to represent
the Albany area in a foreign land.

All expenses of the trip. including
transportation, will be paid by the
Junior Chamber of Commerce. Ap-
plicants for the “job” of community
ambassador are required to complete
it Jaycee form which allows the
screening committee the opportunity
of better determining who would
best. represent the city abroad. The
finalists are then asked to be in-
terviewed by the selection commit-
tee which is composed of business
and professional people who have a
continuing interest in international
cooperation and understanding.

Interest

The committee seeks to determine
from these applicants a keen inter-
est in other peoples, a basic under-
standing of' our own govermnent,
the ability to observe and adapt and
enjoy new ways of living. Participa-
tion in civic or school activities is
taken into account.

The appointment is made for a
ten week period during the summer
months. The ambassador returns
late in August or early September.

Applicants

Applicants must. be 19 years of
age and have completed one year of
college or the equivalent. During the
year following the visit abroad the
ambassador is frequently culled tip—
oii to speak before interested groups.

Requests for applications should
be made to Werner Salinger. 10 Tip—
ton Drive, Loudonville, telephone
89—1852 .;1‘ the Albany Chamber of
Commerce, 74 Chapel Street, Albany,
New York.

  

PAGE 3

 

24W 0,; Slate

 

 

By RHODA LEVIN

Consider the case of the “docs-
fit." He is the exact opposite of last
week's nits-defined misfit. And just
why does the does-fit fit, while the
misfit misses? Simply, because the
does-fit DOES!

What does the does-fit do? He Ls
not at all unhappy that he hasn't'
been given the award of “belong—
ingness"—a Greek bid. He has
enough friends that he doesn't have
to stick hts lecherous hands on all
who will acknowledge his compla-
cent existcncc. He has friends, dear
misfits, bemuse he doesn‘t try to
buy them.

Energy Releases

The does-fit need not be anti-
acadcmics. Some of the best of them
are on Dean‘s List, as a matter of
fuel. This is because the does—fit re-
leases his energy in well-directed
forms. He keeps tip with his school
work because this is the right thing
to do; and the does-fit is always do—
ing the right thing.

Show to Open
Lecture Series

Either C. Mathews. Editor of the
Faculty Bulletin of Information.
has announced it lecture Thursday,
April 30. by Professor Edward P.
Shaw o: the Department of Modern
Liiiig'u.igcs. The first of a series of
faculty lectures, Professor Shaw's
topic is "Freedom of Expression in
an Age of Absolutism: Censorship
and Subtcrf’tigc in Eighteenth Cen-
tury Fraiict."

The lecttu'eship is jointly spon-
sored by the American Association of
University Professors, local chiip~
ter. and the college. The committee
consisted of six faculty members
includin; Evan R. Collins. President
of the College.

The Nature is aimed at it general
iiudiince of faculty, students. and
other interested people. and the
co.i tiiittee hopes that it will be an
occasion oi intellectual and social
significance to members of the col-
lege connnunity.

Further dc ails will be announced
at. it later (hits and published for
those who are interested in the lec-
tl.l‘t’S.

States and Canada.

available.

55 West Itind Street

 

—— WIMP GOUNSELOR OPENINGS —-

—- For Faculty, Students and Graduates —

The Association of Private Camps

. . . comprising 250 outstanding Boys, (iirls. Brother-Sister and
(‘o-liil Camps. located throughout New England. Middle Atlantic

. . . INVI'I‘ICS YOUR INQI'IIIIICS
as (‘ounselolrs, instructors or Administrators.

. . . POSITIONS in children's ciunps, in all areas of activities, are

ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS—DEPT. C

Proof of Popularity

Maybe the misfit doesn't realize
it. but there are so many activities
in this school that no one needs to
be out of it. The does-fit works be-
hind the scenes for a while, and
then, perhaps as a reward, he is
elected to some office. This is proof
of his popularity. However, many
does-fits do not even seek a poli—
tical office; they are content to work
land I mean work) for the school
without any form of recognition.

This is because the does-fit does
not have the pressing psychological
urge to "belong." He knows that he
is doing something, and in so doing,
he meets other people and is ac-
cepted on equal footing with those
who share his interests. "Belonging"
comes naturally, because the does—fit
is doing what comes naturally!
(Llothes Conscious

if u does-fit does not have the
latest “Ivy” clothes, he does not de-
velop a complex about it. He just
constantly strives to look his best
in what he does own. He knows that
good grooming counts more than
button-dinvn flaps. Although this
might sound like a Health 1 lecture,
it's the honest truth. Although he
might not be terribly style conscious,
the does—fit knows that plaids and
stripes are taboo. How many misfits
know this?

Personality-plus

The does—fit is so much at ease
with his peers—again, because he is
not always striving to be accepted-—
that he has it ready smile and a
good sense of" humor. His personal-
ity is pleasing, because he realizes
that this is an important factor in
getting along with others. He is not
constantly complaining; neverthe—
less, his sense of values is good
enough to let him realize that a
continuous stream of compliments
sccms artificial. Titus. people learn
to respect his judgment.

Formula for Success

So misfits. arouse yourselves out
of your state of self-pity. You can
all tall one of you?) become does-
f'its. Here's how:

Go to your class president and
ask him it there is any dirty-work
that you can help him with. Ask
committee chairmen if they need
any zealous workers. Join an activ-
ity. Wash your face. Comb your
hair. And smile, darn you, smile!
You'll iit.

concerning summer employment

New York 36, N. Y.

 

 

NOW

CALL 89-6292

C A P I E L L 0 ’ S
1050 MADISON AVENI'E
~ « Next to Madison Ave. 'l‘liciitre

DELIVERS
From 7 PM. to 12 RM.

PIZZA

 

 

See our LOW (‘OS’l‘

ALSO: Itarbequed ('Iilcken, Lasagnia. \‘eal Scapallonl.
Spaghetti .t' Meat Bails
SENIORS!!! GRADS!!!

Get a head start on your
Life Insurance Program

COLLEGE SPECIAL

 

75 State St.

 

ART KAPNER

Phone 5-1471

 

 

