 

PAGE 2

Pledging
For the many frosh women who know what they want
in a sorority, know that they’ll be bid to that sorority, and
feel that they belong there, this editorial does not apply.
However, to those who are joining a group because it is
the thing to do and because their friends are doing it—
you are asked to consider: .

What can you individually do to help the group you
are planning to join?

What can this group do for you? Will it help you to
attain the goals you have set for yourself here at State,
whatever they may be?

Do you honestly feel you can live and associate with
these girls for the next four years? Remember that if this
is a temporary thing with you—it isn‘t with the sorority.
You become one of that group and you are expected to
work for, and with that group for the remainder of your
college career, longer if possible. When a girl becomes dis-
satisﬁed with a group she can resign. Non-sorority mem-
bers and members of other sororities look upon her resigna—
tion as the fault of the group she was affliated with. Is
this fair to them? If you think enough of a group to join it
you should be able to remain active in it until you leave
this school.

No girl needs a sorority to have friends or keep friends.
If you have a friend in a sorority or joining one, and she
is a true friend—she‘ll be your friend whether or not you
join.

Think twice before signing that preference sheet on
Monday. If you have any doth don't sign! Ask yourself,
“Do I really need a sorority?"

MT.

Area College Cooperation?

In the past few years and including this year, Music
Council has brought to Albany outstanding talent in the
ﬁeld of music, Unfortunately the Council is severely limit-
ed by lack of funds and can only present three or four
outstanding peformers a year.

The Student Association is in no position to support
any more of these performances, but since the capital area
is almost devoid of any cultural presentations it would be
nice to see more performers come to the area. Can it be
done?

We say that there is a very good possibility for more
performances through an area college central music coun—
cil. A council of this type would consolidate the funds of
the seven colleges in the Albany-Troy area and would pre—
sent performances at a central location in each city. In this
way the students of State would be able to attend three or
four times the number of concerts than are available to
them.

Could a council of this type be set tip in Albany and
would the other colleges agree to join a council of this
type? We don't know. We do think, however, that our own
music council should investigate this possibility and strive
for the formation of such a cooperative body. Also we feel
that the faculty would be of invaluable help in forming
this council.

This is not an original idea nor is it unique, but it has
never been thorougl’ily investigated before and we feel that
State could be a leader in setting up this Area College
Central Music Council.

RCG.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF IQIB

 

First Place (EPA Second Place ACP

  
 

Vtil. XIAIV l)» t I llllit'l‘ »l. llllitl NH 3”
lellllil‘l'ct ol the lli'IWh' .t. in :1. i. In l! . .v-t l .- wt. ..:..1 ‘,\.~.t,.,,-.~.1‘., IN,“ 7 m H
I) m M 3‘3336- “MW-W“ 1! “mt-- 1H t file 3 ion. .viotitiei- llll rim

 

'I‘he undergrad iiilt' new pipii ‘il :n .w
published every l"l'itli\‘, or t).. t‘o.,.-,ve .-,, .,._
Amxwhvtion

.il i'. , oI l‘llll Hint: at Albany,

's.e New. lludlil lttl' Llu' litinlrnl
.‘i’l‘l‘hn liti\ltl)

l'ilil'l‘tilt IN (lllll'll'

Aaruuziute Editor

Aniimzlitt-o Editor

i-‘rmluio Illtor

. Sports Illwr

imbue ltelatioiis h‘dltor

li. i.t .. :\il\t'lll‘illli{ bklllol

('.i. ..,.i .ozt .tlnl l'ﬁ’uliilige l‘illillil

troi...n.L.inL Sports liltor

. Uuliaiiltttlit I'ldltor

MONICA 'I‘It/ii'ldfllbzl
EOII'HL'I‘ (JIISIIAILIJ’I‘
BAILHMLA Litmus
DAVEI) l"I‘lIJiMAN
JOHN M()I)I)I‘II(.
.IAMI‘B MclIUUII
JANI‘J (iItAIIAM
JANICE (IILAILAM
JAUII‘Jd IXHIUIIEIt'I’Y
I‘HJZAIJHI‘II HI'IL'NUICIL

Tm i'iukskm "hm
All coinii. II..\ vIllUIt‘. :.t. ...i in i. I" o - . ‘o  n.. In l'l.t'-l Names
will in: Wltlilit-iil on Itlltlt..l llw oi v\i'l; («ii l-lmt "H‘vi': t mm A» 1' vle-r-Mll')
in, to..i:i.:. /: o.:. .. i.. .i‘. in. i .i l. I .K‘lll‘..;i.llIIv do not

for opinions couched ll.
accuserin IIllt" .t. vii-w.

’.'——
_..—

 

«o»

 

M“

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. DECEMBER 4. 1959

 

60mm

To the Editor:

Please convey to the faculty and
committee who arranged “Parents
Day" our appreciation for the won-
derful hospitality and entertain-
ment. I am sure all the parents
would agree that it was a most re-
warding day.

Sincerely,
Anna M. Rider
tMrs. G. Price Rider)
Syracuse, N. Y.

 

To the Editor:

One of the purposes of a liberal
college education is to make an iii-
dividual better able to consider,
with an open mind, both sides of
a question. Most of the references

to Dippikill that have appeared re— '

cciitly in the State College News
oppose continuation of the State
College Camp. I should like to ex-
press a few opinions in favor of
keeping Dippikill.

As a facility member of this col-
lege since 1948, I have a deep re-
gard for this institution and its stu-
dents: past, present, and future. I
am aware. also, that the college
camp belongs to the students and
can be disposed of as they see fit.
I hope my remarks will not be taken
to reflect undue criticism of present
students. They are intended, rather,
to indicate an honest concern for
certain long-term values which may
not be apparent at the moment.

In an increasingly populous and
mechanized civilization it is difficult
to measure the true value of a piece
of relatively uncivihxed land such
.is we have at Dippikill. It cannot
be compared with a dance floor in-
lirubacher, with Herbert's Restaur—
ant, or with Thacher Park. I am
not a sentimental "nature lover"
in the derogatory sense often ap—
plied to the term, but I know of
nothing which can be more stimu-
lating and yet relaxing than a. day
in the open, away from the worries
of Cll'IlI/Altloll, followed by an eve—
ning in front of an open fireplace.
The pleasure is even greater when
one can look at the ﬁreplace, or
the mountain or the lake, and say.
"This is mine.” If you have spent
your life in the city and do not know
what. I mean. why not try it a few
tiiiies‘.J It distresses me that the
most vigorous opponents of Dippi-
kill have not. even visited the place.

in its present. undeveloped state,
Dippikill is adequate for many
things: hiking, hunting, camping,
relaxmg. a center for winter sports.
Willi :i. long—range program of de-
velopment it can become the pride
of this college, and a monument to
the foresight of the present student
generation. Sell it now, and there
will lil'tili.'l)l)‘ never be another
opportunity to obtain such beauti—
ful land with a private lake. There
is nothing like it anywhere near
Albany.

in closing, I should like to refer
to specilie llt'lllh mentioned in
llie "Dippikill" editorial lll the lust.
1:.slie of State t‘ollege News.

l. The Noitli\v.iy gnu. two excel—
lent reason. tor not selling the camp
now: ’l‘lie superlngliway will make
the trip l‘t‘l.ill\t'l_\ :.liort and easy,
and ll the camp must be sold, it.
will undoubtedly be worth more
illlt‘l' the Northway is finished.

:5 .‘\Ill\ll‘.t.~ .illIIllltl not be Judged
.~.olclv bv the number oi [lill'llt‘lv
pant... lnu .l \.tl'li‘l_\ ..liould be fl\.lll‘
.llllt' lti .lll

ii If the rumor 1:. true that llllilil‘
kill lni. become "the lllllli’tllll. of .i
.tl'lt'tl pvt" selling the c.unp to
toirt-ct the situation l.. like burn-
lll.’ down .l house to get rid ol the
llllt'l'

Richard H. lliiiiser
Associate Professor of Biology

Notice

Tickets for the N.\li\ t‘hrlsl‘
mas basketball tournament are
available to the students by
contacting t‘ouch Sinners. Prices
are. as follows:

 

Students .5!) tgood for If days)
Adults 5H)“ (good for 3 days)
Ilesei'vcd seats $1.50 per day

This tournament will be held
at .\sbury l'ill’lt in New Jersey
on licciuiilier 758. till, 30. Albany
Stale meets Jersey State 'l‘cach-
crs at 7 pm. on December ilii.

    
 

 

 

ilSRATlON
—

 

 

ANY MINUTE NO‘V!

 

Comman- Stale/z

By LEVIN and THOMPSON

 

“Sticks and stones are hard on liones.

Aimed with angry art,

Words can sting like anything.

But silence breaks the heart."—I’hyllis McGinIt-y

SILENT NIGHTS?

We're awfully sorry we didn't rest up over ’I‘liiiiiksgiviiig, because
it appears as if we're not going to get much rest now. There’s nothing
going on around these here parts for the next few \\’t‘t‘l{S, except: tests,
papers, Formal Dinners, basketball games, Xmas sing rehearsals, (lct'oi'ze
tions, clciin~nps, tree-trimming. tests, papers, newspaper deadlines, year-
book dcadlincs, figuring out the code used III the Directory, Xniu;. Sm v.
Wiiiterliide, pledge nights, tests, papers—ail nauseiim.

NEW FACES ()I“ '59

We‘ve noticed a lot of new faces arottiid school lately. it's not oiin
that student teachers have returned, but people aren't suireptiliou..ly
eyeing the grounds for empty ciggj packs. Wasn‘t it trite, though. that.
they'd walk a mile for a Camel wrapper? This seems to indicate that
we're over the hump.

()VI'IR. ANI) OVER AND 0

We've given credit when credit was due; and then again, we've
blamed you too. Now how's this for u coiistriictlve idea‘.J l.el.'s start a
poster club so that the decorations III the peristyles will have at lca..'.
high school standards. Some intra—club competition ought to be lllh’lll‘dlil't‘
that the best works will be displayed 01' maybe Campus Coinints..ioii
should be given the power to remove unurtistie and or meaningless sign.

WANTED

Dear Santa; We‘re sending you our Xmas list. early, because we want
so much. All we want for Christmas is a better-lit cafeteria, better
illuminated peristyles, new steps leading to and from the lower lllll'iilf..
it bigger stage Ill Page, the Who‘s Who results, a hirsut‘I' him, a campus.
oranges or bananas in ilie iipple iiiiichines, ilie institutional facilities. in
offer doctorate degrees, an cll’cctiiitl Cabinet, the proceeds Irom the
sale of Dippikill, and our two front teeth after certain people read :ln..
l,-.ii';l{_:l':l])li. tI‘Itlltor's Notc—(‘heck page one. for an Xmas wish!)

.ltint'ITI. ANI) ’I‘ltll'MI'll.\N’l‘

It's beginning to look and sound .i ltl like (‘hrislnias A.. .I lll.l"ll
of fact, this whole column is mlcsted with the spirit. of the amuxl
winter holiday. And, resounding lrom the lllt'i'i'y' t'til'l'ltltil‘;., we hear l'llllitiliv
of wintci‘y \Vlllll'l'llltlt‘. It warm. the «tickles of our heart... \\‘licre\t'l
they may be, to note that charitable deed.» .Il't‘ also being liillilled likt,
for instance. the stile of Xmas curds loi- llNlt‘ltIl", and an all~tollel
party for the orphans Ah, yes, 'lis the season to be jolly, by goll)‘.
()l't‘ll

'i‘he Registrar's ollicc is verv cl'lit-iently .cntliiizz out. notices t‘trllt'l‘llt
mg excessive absences. However, since no pdl'llt'illill‘ cotir..cs are ill!!!
tioiied, we don't know what. clas..e~. to stop cutting. Anyhow. how till
we help culture, when good and Iiiiiely ..peeeh~ni.ikers are pit till!!!
during class trim-‘.’ The UN. :.1it';il-Ll'l‘ .‘ulltl that ideas are \l|:|l to mull!”
but people are more vital to ideas And the speaker on ..llll|lllll Illliitrll.,ti ~.
loltl tin lo lit-cl) olll' t‘\t‘:i «ill llli' lr-slle of 41111;, control

HASKI'J'I‘ILUJ.

We certainly hope that llltlnt‘ ol \oii who have .lll\l\l‘tl llll' Illl.‘
II! the sports .‘it’lltlllllt‘ .iiid soti..l l.llt'll(l.ll' will ,iinim 1p,- |.,i,.lc_ttii.;.
:‘nlill‘ ltilllol'ltm Ill lll 'lhi» spoil Ii.t:. piovtii ll ill to lil' ﬁlial: .. Lootib
i-;.peei.ill\ li| .llll’l.ti.lllll' ll.l.‘»l lc..iii.. li.t\c i'.iit-l\ b: it. down, lel.. 
ll'l down llllr» ll’.l|il on ll.ls tttt.|.ltill

'.' ()I' THE WICICK
Will you ‘.'ll\;~ .iiitl tlolln be ill llii.. \voiali-iliil lown‘

College Calendar

I-‘IHIIAY. liI'lt'l'llillSI‘llt kl

'l'tll) plii "ti:i.‘.ll}.’,lil". l). it‘ll)

ti1llli pm. "(lasliglit", l) :l-itl

SA'I‘I'RILH’, liltlf‘l'Mlil'lli 5

1—11 pin Sorority I"tlllll.il l)llillt'l..

II (it) pin Ilaskelbiill. Slalc v.. l’zu'i, l’.i t ti\iii

SI‘NIDAY. lil'It'I‘IMlil'lll ti L

tint) pin Newman (‘lub itiiiuuct, l‘lllililli' Itoom, :alit inon llotcl

MONDAY, I)li('|‘ll\ll5ltlli 7

'l::iti pm Iliiah 'l‘ciiiplclon >lit*.ili:y lobby-.1. .(‘lub .lllll Hindi-iii Alllllll
ales oi I\Ilii'l'lt.ill Chemical Society

'i‘l'idsnwi’. lilit‘l'lhlltl‘lll 8

3.30 pm. (‘liiiton lioberls speaks, liotileval'd (‘ulelei'm

:i lltl pin Sorority l’lcdge Suppers.

'l.lltl pm. I) and A ’I‘i'youls for The Queen and the Iltfbcls, ll 391

\\'l‘1llNI£SIi.-\Y. Iilﬁt‘liMIll-Ill ti

'lziitl pm. i) and A 'I‘i'youts lei ’I‘Iie Queen and the Ifebels, ll 1391

’I‘IIIIIISIMY. liiit‘liiilliliili lti

:l—-l.‘.io pm it‘acully Christmas Party

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. DECEMBER 4. 1959

 

Book Donations for Koreans Requested by
Campus Commission Prior to December 17

Campus Commission is sponsor—
ing a "Books for Korea“ drive.
Korea is making heartening pro-
gress in re-building her educational
system, but the lack of books is
still a major problem. College level
texts and reference books are need-
ed urgently.

Types of Books Needed

These include the fields of Gen-
eral Science, Medicine. History,

Engineering. Pharmacy,
tics, Law, Political
nomics and
needed are books of English and
American literature
Language. Art.
Dictionaries and encyclopedias are
especially welcome.
1);) not include
mystery stories. No books published
be included,

before 194:3

and Music

light

should

Science,

Agriculture.

a n (1 Foreign
texts.

Mathema—

fiction

since shipping costs make it im-
perative that only up-to—date vol-
umes be selected.

Book Deposit

Anyone interested in contributing
to the program, deposit the books
in the receptacle provided in the
Student Personnel Office. Books
should be in before December 17.
Contributions to this cause will be
appreciated.

 

All filter cigarettes are divided
into two parts, and...

alone is not enough.

Winston's got it!

 

Ile knew lliiil a pure white filter
'l‘o lie a cone-
p/i lt filter egurclte, it must have
It‘lllt‘l'—lilt‘lltl up front. And only

'l‘hut's why t‘aesar thllltl never
accept another brand even when it
was offered orulis. In fact, history

3

 

“Weni, widi, Winston!” Thus did Caesar
(a notoriously poor Speller) hail the discovery
of Filter-BIend—light, mild tobaccos specially
selected and specially processed far filter smoking.

tells us lie'tl glowei' at the extended
pack and sneer, "lu'l lll, “rule?”

In a stirring [it'l‘til'tilltill to his
legions. t‘aesur piil it this way:
"l“trl' the Numeral I filler ciga—
foi' the best-lasting filter
for the noblest filter

i‘cllc
cigarette

cigarette of all

“Winston tastes good like a cigarette should!”

P S to bachelors. If you're lucky enough to find a gal who’ll
' ' keep you in Winstons, t‘aesar!

If I ill i llvtll); IOUAHID CO..WIN5IUN SAI EM.N. C.

 

 

smoke Winston!”

 

 

 

The Facade

By DAVE FELDMAN

Things I would like to see and
hear on television:

“Look Mommy! no cavities! But
the dentist couldn't get the blood
stains off of my fangs."

"Our toothpaste protects your
teeth just as this invisible shield
protects" . . . . crash, bang, splln«
ter.

“And now madam, what washday
soap do you use?"

"Oh, I just go down to the river
and pound the clothes between two
flat rocks."

“Tex! You mean that you don‘t
know who that inasked man riding
away on the white horse is? He's

. why he's the . . . he‘s the . . .
well they . Oh shut-ks, 'i‘ex, i
forget. his name too."

By the way, did you ever see a
real cow on a cowboy show'.’ Two-
hundred and seventeen cowboy
shows and no cows yet.

Oh these are the times that tire
men‘s souls, and eyes and ears.

’I‘eleusion brings to inizid the
fact that‘ the expose on television
at State College which appeared
in the latest issue of the State (‘0!-
Iege News was written by Kevin
McShanc who deserves credit.

So much for television. On, iiio—
iiieiitarily to 'I‘hanksgiving.

The scare is over, folks. Nikita
Khrushchev had cranberry sauce
with his 'inrkey this Thanksgiving

Now on to matters nearer to otii
hearts etc.

What. this School needs is if good
scapegoat subject. - of - general—dis -
cussion. You cannot mention ur-
chins any more. You hardly ever
see them. i guess that cigarette
humming is not. so good around
here. Cranberries were just: a pass—
mgr fancy. And Student Senotedocs
iiol really make good copy,

Sororities Hold
Formal Dinners

Formal Dinners will take place
on December .3, from 7—11 |).Iil. lin-
iiiedizn'ely following the Dinners
there Will he ii silent period that
lasts until Pledge Suppers at Fijiill
pm. December 8. December ’7 all
lreshmeii will receive in the student
mail :l preference blank. If they
wish to join a sorority, this prefer—
ence blank must be filled otil iii
the order of their preference and
returned ‘io the Student Personnel
Office before 13:30 pm. Monday,

if a freshman does not receive
a bid from the sorority she inosl
tlt'\ll'l‘.‘i to join. .iiid if she has me
tllt‘:llt'tl a second choice Hilltl re—
ceives a bid from her second choice!
she will be obligated to join the
sorority of her second choice After
the blank has been returned to the
Hl’t) It may iiol be changed in any
way

It a lrcshniaii is uncertain about
wanting to join a sororin or del-
muely decided not to join one, she
should state no preference hill sign
the blank and return it to the SI’O

If :i Ireshiiiaii girl is invited to
llilll one o! the sororities she has
mentioned lll her preference blank
she will ll‘tl‘l\t‘ a bid from that
sorority at ll .llll ’l‘ucsdav morn»
ing, lieccinber ll, through student
mail

If she receives a bid, she is ill-
\ited to her sorority house for silp~
per 'l‘iiesduy at a fit) ]).Ill l'ledge
sei'victs will take place then

Faculty Holds
Christmas Party

A t‘hrislinas party ltil' all mem—
bers of the liiciilly and their iam—
ilies, adiiimisl'ralive and Sct'i‘ldl‘liil
staffs, and resident hull directors
will be held on 'l‘hin'sday, Decem—
ber in from 3-4230 pin. in the how-
('1' lounge oi lll'llliflt'lii‘l' Ilull.

(‘arolhng by all will be held from
lino-l 1):) pin after which Santa
t‘liiiis will arrive with gifts for all
the children present.

tienei'al chairman of the event
is Niiru l). 'I‘ui‘iicr, Associate l’l‘o-
lessor of lv’lalhcmalics.

   

In view of these alarming facts
T am proposing a list of potential
future subjects. This list is not,
never has been, nor ever will be
copywrited. It is for the use of job—
less feature writers, Senate com—
mittees, bridge players between
hands, people who stand and talk
in the. pcristyles etc. This list is
open for additions and changes.
Any rcsemblences to persons living
or dead is a resemblence. However,
memorize it and swallow the evi—
dence.
.The State University.
2. The discontinuation of the Ed-
sel.
.Soda machines.
.The 'l‘aft-Hartley law.
. Mlll'Xﬁ—IIU. Groucho, stupid!
. Strontium 90.
. Mack the Knife.

Premature thought lor the
month: The rumor is that Saint
Nick is a Greek bearing gifts.

._.

«1991-53-60

 

 

 

Greek activities aside from rush-
ing have been limited recently but
some have had time to schedule
a Christmas party and u Swimming
party.

I’si (lamina

Presulent, Millie Piisek 'Utt. tin-
noimccs the election of Doris Kop-
exa '62, as reporter.

The following committees were
appointed for the pledge supper:
Mary liev‘ick '61, Melanie Quack-
cnbicli, Mary Stempel, Sophomores,
Arrangements; Linda Barbettii '60,
Grace Davis, .Jo Hobson. Nat Piiyst.
Juniors, Flntcrniiiiment.

Phi Delta

Brenda Edgar ‘61 and Sally Jones
'62, have been appointed eo-chair—
men of State Fair announces Don—
na Harris 'titl, President.

I’ofter (‘Iub

l.oii Call 'llll, President, announ—
ees the plans for a swim party at
the YMCA tonight.

New pledges III the fraternity are'
Robert l-Tllis ‘fltl; Edward Brennan,
liohert Brennan, Donald Hheriiiaii.
.loii Stark. .luniors; Henry Renter
and James Spencer, Sophomores.
Kappa Beta

’l‘he following uperelassniin have
been pletlcetl. announces Jack
’l‘i'oinbly ‘tltl, l‘i’csitlenl' llichai'd
Aliola, liiii't Anson. .\l;ix llai'selt.
l.;iri'\ lit-.iiicaire, llobt-it liriggs.
l-‘red Curtis. (izii'y l)llll)lt‘, llobert
ll:ill, Larry .ltit'liolsky. llit'lizird
Noiluielmin, \Nllll.illl Ulici'. llicliard
biltllilliiakei‘, Hopliolllorcs
Alpha I'i Alpha

Ali'l'le Miller ‘lil, I’i't‘~ltl“iii ali-
iioiiiiees the lilt'tlilllllJ, oi the lollow-
iiig: .loneph liall, lilt‘ll‘itl'll (‘oopcix
William Smith, Sophomores and
lv'.iviiioiitl ltlddv 'b'l

Newman Club
Holds Dinner

'l‘lie Annual lliocesan .\‘iwinaii
(‘lnb lianuuct will be lllltl on Sun-
d.t_v t'\t'lllll;.‘. at ti pm lll the l‘iiiipii'e
liooin of the Sheraton 'l‘cii~lu‘yck
lltill'l

'l‘lic speaker .ll ilie banquet will
be the Very li’evi-t'ciid t)\\t'll Ben»
.iel, (llt‘hl, liecior o1 .‘s‘l, Anthony—
oii-llie~lliitlsoii. lit-lisscltiei'. Major
Seminary ol' the lllllilili‘lll;ilt‘ Con-
ccplioii l’I‘IWIllv't‘ of the I“l';llit'l.\t‘illl
lt‘aihers.

'l‘he Niwiiiuii (ilce t‘lub, under
the direction ol Medellne liespres.
accompanied by Douglas l-raiike.
will perform at the event

All members of the diocesan
Ncwinnii (‘luhs are invited ‘to ul-v
tend the dinner for which tickets
are presently oii sale at the New-
man t‘enter. directly across the
street from Albany liigh School at
l3ll Western Avenue. 'l‘iie price of
the tickets are $4 per person.

 

