i
g
i
I
l
l
L
l
l

 

 

pace-a ‘

PM a.» “- cal-up

I

By way of introducing the Frosh

3W3

 

Ruled

Rules governing the use of the sponsible for lost articles.

to “113 ‘3 “mm: It!“ 101' the “he 01 Student Union have been released 11. No amorous manifestations.

reminllic
chance dolumn will be composed of man of Student Union Board.

some of the tidbits that made It Game Room
popular, 1. oven:

’ - ' 4. Ch ir- Use of Activity Rooms
8 a “we. mm weeks ex by Mary Ann Remus. 5 a 1. If there is no scheduled meet-

ing in an activity room students
may use the activity room for
studying. They must sign up for

prom “Hill Whispers", State U. of Monday through ThurSday-uzso these rooms in the main office of

N.Y., Agriculture and Home Eco- 5- M- to 10545 P- M.

the Union.

nomlﬂ. 8: Poem: "The Khlght 39' Friday and gammy-11:30 A‘ M' 2. Doors of activity rooms may not

to 12:45 A. M.

fore”: Sunday_4.3o P M m 10.45 p. M. be (locked at any time while being
' ' ' ' use .
t another— 2. No refreshments will be allowed

oneclfizdtsieeg O in the game room unleSs snack bar i‘dmiszlalrgems regularly enrolled at
One gir1,'0 is being used to capacity. If dishes ~ Y s C. T. Albany, are members

One dance leads to another— are taken to the Game RoorrllK gley 0 me studelit Union.
One beer, 0 must be returned to the Snac ar. 2‘ Students from other colleges will
one gm snwk Bar be admitted. However, if the Union

- e ds to another— 1. All dishes, glasses must be re-
one Chit Chat 1 a turned to the Ontario St. entrance

One beer, 0
One girl. side of the Snack Bar.

One “fin” leads to another— 2. No card playing or other games
One beer, 0 will be allowed in the Snack Bar.
One girl. 3. Chairs and tables must be left in

One thought leads to another— arrangement in which they were

One beer, 0 {gund
One girl, unges
Was it worth it this morning? i. Ashtrays may be placed on tables
‘One beer, 0 only.
One girl? 2. No refreshments will be allowed

' t by permission.

Classified ad in the Daily North- In the lounges excep
Western: Lost Beta pin. Last seen 3- N0 Shorts are wom 1“ I'M
on a west-bound Alpha Chi. Fl'illlder 3:35:33 Rules
may keep pin, please return g r. '

At Michigan State, college offi- 1- N0 3m°kihg 1“ comidors-
cials decided not to press charges -
against a student involved in a “11 :0 {big’fnure gg‘kdsegalgﬁlyhﬁ
series of‘ campus thefts on the the- 1th ere-omlshay

“ t in- , '

gaming?puRIshrlﬁggi."trt¥h?g?udent 3‘ N0 reaming or Sleepmg In any
stole articles having a total value part} if the UhIrOmh- and backs of
of s5,aoo, including $4,000 of pho- 4- S} “g on a f St f mire
togmpmc equipment. chairs, putting ee on urn ,

The Rensselaer Polytechnic of- and s1ttiélg on tables and desk is
fers this bit of cheerful advice to pmhlhlte -
their frosh men: “If you want dates 5' mrhlture' 811d deftl‘llipmtilét b11133):
you’ll find that there are plenty of neithe' be lemove 19‘“ t
girls in the surrounding area. I Ihg ho” moved from 100'“ 0 '00!“
agree they do not a“ like Mar1_ without permission of the Boarcli. be
lyn Monroe, but if you‘re old enough 6- N0 mtomcgltmg hezggges WI 1
to shave you might have noticed allow“ 9“ e pram - _ b!
that you do not look like Robert :iltggmgﬁgfddgg any kind IS a 50-
giﬂoggaﬁltgfghyso’ you and the 8. Refrain from the use of objec-

pr ~ tionable language.

e I
“Theom  Jitggeeft “5:5,; 9. Outside apparel iovercoats. boots.
charged with heating your wife for etc.) is to be placed in coat rooms

upon entering the Union.
3:25.879?“ time this month' Liquor 10. All articles found ill the Union

. u must be returned to the main of—
Sheefﬁ’c’ﬂﬂmﬁe “1312’ “33:? honor' flce. The Board will not be re-

A South Dakota State College
Coed tells of her experience dur-
ing registration. It seems things
were going smoothly until she arbi-
trarily chose to join one of two

is over-crowded these students will
not be admitted below the first
floor. The Union will be closed to
these students when State is spon-
soring an All-State affair.

3. Friends and relatives of mem-
bers are welcome. Members will
be responsible for the actions of
their guests while they are in the
Union.

4. Faculty and alumni are members
of the Union and will be welcome.
5. Outside commercial petitions
must be submitted to SUB for con-
sideration.

State Senior Wins
Annual Play Contest

A State College Senior recently
won honorable mention in the 1953
Contest for One-Act New York
State plays, according to the August

1953 issue of the Glens Falls
Times.

The Seilior. Mrs. John E. H. Ran-
derson of Diamond Point, New
York, won the honor for her play,
"Salvage Rights." Director and judge
of the New York State Plays Proj-
ect is Professor Emeritus A. M.
Drummolld of Cornell University.
First prize in the contest went to
Mrs. Russell G. Cornell for her
llay. “The Opened Road."

The 1954 contest will close on
June I. and plays depicting life in
New York State. both comic and
serious. are needed. states Professor
Dl'ummond.

4W4 4mwa

 

STAT! COLLIOI NEWS. FRIDAY. SIP‘I‘IMIIR 18. 1933

Vogue Ollers
Prix de Paris
For l9ll1 Year

This year Vogue Magazine is
sponsoring the 19th Prix de Paris
for College Seniors. The Prix de
Paris is Vogue's way of finding
fresh new talent for its staff.

Summer Reveals
Hidden Talents

The future teachers of Amer-
ica did more than teach this
summer. Our predatory peda»
gogues did everything from
highway work to honeydipping
to pass the time and make an
honest dollar.

That light 'n bright hair on It confslfsts of tciompletirrilg tiwo
uizzes 0 our ques Oils eac , us ng

Ross Hawk is a "sun 0‘ his qugue as a textbook. The quizzes
consm'cung work on the State are based on actual editorial prob-
thruwa-Y this ew- some 0' the lems. Those who satisfactorily an-
tow-headed girls owe their swer the series of two quizzes will
blond locks to lifeguardlng (at It); (Eligible to WY”? 8b;50€0-V;’1?l'1d
. ess on a genera su ec w oi

least thats what Pat Finger gives plenty of scope to express
tens “5)' original ideas. The applicants
will be udged on writing ability,

If you were In the canandal- grasp ofj subject matter, general
3"“ Vicinity during the he“ intelligence, originality and demon-
wave, you may have been lucky stratlon of special talents.
enouﬂh ‘0 have had your Pants The first prize is a year on Vogue
pressed by John Orser. 0r per- as a junior editor, with six months
ham you may have heard a of the year in Vogue's Paris office.
booming voice in the same area Transportation expenses to Paris

' and back, in addition to salary, will
This was “N‘Wb‘ea'y Enhw be paid by the Conde Nast Publi-
Bartell rehearsing for his role in cations Inc. Second prize is six
. months as a junior editor in Vogue’s
a smek operatic pruducuon New York office. There will also
be ten honorable mention winners
who will receive $25 and first con-
sideration for jobs on Vogue, Glam-
our, House & Garden, and Vogue
Pattern Book. The next fifty top-
ranklng contestants will be intro-
duced to stores, advertising agencies
and other magazines.

For more information write to
Prix de Paris Director; Vogue; 420
Lexington Avenue; New York 17,
N. Y.

Futterer Lists
All in all, it was a good sum-  

mer' Let’s not forget "lose “as Tile names of the members of
at"?de agilzeshleurggf tn: this year's Advanced Dramatics
02h wave' y ‘ e sy Class have been released by Agnes
pa y’ E. Futterer. Professor of English.

And what did You do this The Advanced Dl‘lllnllllCS Class
summer? produces two plays every other
week which are directed by the
members of the class. Everyone ill
the class produces and directs at
least one play during the year. It
is a laboratory course. however. ill
which any student in the college

Traveling north we find two
very interesting summer posi-
tions. Jim Erlandson worked in
summer stock with the Batavia
players while George Martin
spent eleven weeks stuffing two-
pound bags full of—well, we
won't mention what.

Many of us spent our summer
at beautiful Lake George, in-
cluding Sue Hoogkamp. who
worked as a waitress. Mary-
Ann Johnpoll and Evy Ruben
made out very well at the lake
where they worked as chamber-
malds. Theirs should be the
cleanest room at Bru this year.

 

equally long lines. After a two-
hour wait. she reached—the men’s
washroom Modern Languages, conducted a stu-

From "Observer": Rutgers' a dent group on a tour through Europe
freShman Speaks thus an” remem' this summer. Among the 15 students
benng the glowmg terms In WhICh who Went was Alice Cohen '53. The
they were described 8” orientauon countries included ill the tour were
lumheon: Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Hol-
land, England, France, and Sicily.

Dr. Carolyn Lester, Professor of
Matllmetlcs, attended the Canadian
Mathematical Congress ill Kingston.
Ontario. at Queens University. dur-
illg August.

James W. Cllilders, Professor ill

We're the cream of the crop,
We're the best of the bunch,
So why do they feed us
Raw chopped meat for lunch?
Ah, truth is divine
Let me make it my own
But my mind functions better Nura Turner, Instructor in Math-
With filet mignon. enlatlcs. had a position all summer
From “The Glassboro Whit”. S. 'I‘. as statistician doing research ill [1
C., Glassboro: behavior study of champailzces. The
Erosion: A nine-year old boy study is ll result of ll U. S. Public
washing his hands. Health Service grant to Dr. Elaine
Adolescence: That period when a Kinder, a psychologist with the state.
boy refuses to believe that some Lois Porter Thompson ’54. worked
day he’ll be as dumb as his with Miss Turner doing statistical
father. work.
Synonym: A word used when you Dr. Rebecca Oliver, Assistant Pro-
can't spell the word you want. fessor of Physics. spent the summer
Etiquette: Being able to yawn at the Brookllavcn National Labor-
wlth your mouth closed. atory at Long Island. where she

studied Tracks of Nucleur Particles
in Pliotorra )hlc Emulsions produced
Former State Student 5 I
Receives Commission

Working on ills doctorate at the Uni-
versity of Plttsbui'g.

Harry S. Price. Instructor ill
Mathematics, received his Ph.D.
from Columbia University this slim—
mer.

Richard S. Hauscr, Instructor ill
Biology, received his Ph.D. from
Michigan State.

Dr. Paul Lemon, Assistant Profes-
sor of Biology. directed a Conserva-
tion Camp at Rucquct Lake ill the
Adirondacks this summer.

Allan Bcilton, Instructor ill Biol-
ogy. worked this summer in the coil-
scrvatlon dcpartnicnt lli Rcllsselaer
County, studying small mammals.

William Willl. Instructor in Blo-
logy, attended a conference at Penn
State, sponsored by tile Diillfortli
Foundation, ill July. It dealt with
the relationship of leaching to
science and l'cligioll.

Thcrc will bc :1 television program
series this yclli' on Money Miilllige-
nlcllt. sponsori-d by the Commerce
Dcpilrtnlciit. The series starts to—
day lit 10:30 il.lll. and will run for

 

 

ill the cosmotron.
Robert Lulppold. Instructor ill
Muthliieiltics. spent the sullimer
Herbert L. Van Glubt of Peaking. —
New York. who rece vcd is . .
degree in Science from State 001- Joe’s Barber 
lege in 1952, was recently graduated
from the U. s. Naval Officer Candl- 53 N« Lake Ave"
date School, Newport, Rhode Island. Near Washlnzton Ave.
Van Glubt was one of 850 students 2 3AMEBS
who Were presented with officer's We Mm T0 PM“
commissions by Rear Admiral E. B.

Felicia’s

Beauty Salon

53-A No. Lake Ave.
iNelll‘ Washington Ave.)
“JIMMY"~IIair Stylist

Telephone 3-9149

 

 

Taylor. Tile candidates graduated

may participate. Aliyolle who wish-

13 weeks. Clifton Tliorlie. Illstl'uc- “5 Thu-V. “'5’ 0L” for Parts. in the

tor of Commerce 'lll(l Margaret SONGS 01 plays' The buuetln board

I' ‘ w ill Hosted will have the time and

Armstrong, Supervisor of Commerce place {01. tryouts ,md Lhe parts to
III the Millie School, will llaVe charge be filled.

of the first few programs. The pro- Because of the building program

gram will be can-led over WRGB for the coming year it has been

. _ , necessary to drop four persons from

1“ smmutddy' the class, leaving fourteen members

Among those attending the State f0!“ the .Veﬂl‘ 1953-54. The IOIIOWIDQ'

University Worksllop lit Potsdam for thirtewblmolﬂe lhalve Ibt‘eltl CI'SJSCII
as ,mem crs llll( tic our cell l is
the Improvement and Extension of yet to be picked. Joan Cam“. A“

Laboratory Experience-5' [01' TeﬂChCl'S lllur Lcllnlg, Nulicy Liglltllzill, Dori.
ill Training were Edwin P. Adklils, Mciillll. Ross Newman. John Orscr.
Director of Education; Charles L. Fm“ V'JI‘VCh- HMI‘Y Will'l‘. A110”!

, , _ W _ .  , Yiiliks, Hcicn Motykil. Juniors; li“l
Anm‘ws' Pumas”! 01 Phi/5165' Ed' James. Thompson, Dolllild Vo.-l-

wlll Munro. Assistant Professor of “mm. mm Sun“, Bush. Seniom

 

Modern Languages; Allan Roscbrock,

Assistant Professor of Education; '

Clinton Roberts, Instructor ill Socilll F R E E 0

Studies; Kenneth Fl'ilsurc. Assistant Websteris puck” momma” with
Professor of Education; Pilul Lowdc1. mu.“ "momma of $1.00 m. oven
Instructor ili Education; and Tile-

oclol‘c Fossicck. Principal of tile ("01111.33 [)RHERS
Millie School. STUDY LA M PS
Spccllil Discount for Decorations

 

o RECORDS
o FILMS DEVELOPED

Blue Note Sliop

Hill Central Ave. 02-0221
Open Evenings Until 9

Central Variety

lilil (.‘l'lN’l‘liAl. AVENUE
liciow Quilil Sirch
-— ()pcn lilvcry Night "Ni ii ——

 

 

 

 

after four months of intensive ill-
structlon and will go to combatant
and non-combatant ships for assign-
ment to shipboard duties.

Gerald Drug Co.

Albany. N. Y.

She’s lovely,

 

111 Western Ave.
Phone 04010

 

 

s/Jc’x popular

5/96 relaxes in the SNACK BAR

CAFETERIA

LOCATED AT
167 CENTRAL AVENUE
84 STATE STREET
134 STATE STREET

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

,, . STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 13. 1953

4404» 74¢ Slaler Vets, Newcomers

By BOB ASHFIELD
Balance Soccer Team
Beginning last Friday, the rough

outline of page 1957 in the history 1 The “V51ng Sports fan generally
book of State College began to be “(es to know some thkground Of
a reality. Many of the new fresh- .Lhe players for Whom he 15 I‘OOt-
men trooped off to Frosh Camp to Elg' In 9 series 0f “Wiles “1 IS
get a 100k_see at what the next 4 oped that every individual on the
years might have to offer them and soccer squad can be lth'OdUCEd to
to get accustomed somewhat to the the_ StUdem 130‘” through this
weird ways of College life. Spmts page-

Besldes entering into the usual Joe Stella: a Seinim' and one Of
horseplay, which is common at the co-captains this your, balls from
Frosh Camp. many of the from Beacon where he played varsity
take the time to display their tal- baseball f0" 3 year-“I VRI'SIIIY foot-
ents on the basketball court. the ball' 3 years and Vm‘sny thketbﬁll
softball dianlond or on ally other of 1 year‘ Bemre Joe came to State.
the playing areas, Many Limes he attended Union College and
someone who has come to State um played‘lrcsllmnn football. This will
heralded comes through with spark- be Joes um'd year Of soccer-
llng performances which may point Bell Button, ii seliior from Sharon
out great potentiality for our eve1._ Springs, shares the co-captaiil lion-
looking coaches. But then some- 01'3 and Went l0 Sharon SDI‘inE-s'
times, too many guys feel that they Central where he played varsity
aren't good enough {or college mm basketball and soccer for 2 years.
letics—just because they weren't Bell is ill ills fourtll campaign of
high school stars—and never lie- 5000911
tually try out for a sport. Or. if Henry Hull. a senior from High-
they do try 0th and don‘t make the land Mills, attended Central Val-
fii‘st string right off. they quit. 103/ High. Hank played 3 years of

The success of college athletics varsity soccer, basketball and base-
depcnds very heavily on tile iilconl- bah- Hunk Iilhyed SOCI‘GI' as a
ing. freshman Class each yam. and sopiioliiore. but was inactive lust
how well they turn out for each yam"
sport. Most of the present great Doll CillllJlllCil. a junior from Mc-
performers here at State are such Clllllll('\'lll(‘, went to Mechanic-ville
because they turned out for tile High. Doll had varsity experience
team as freshmen and stuck it in football. 3 years; basketball. 3
through—gaining valuable cxpcl'i- years: and baseball, 4 ycars. Doll
encce—eveli though they may have is starting his second year at soc—
playcd the bomb a greater part of cor.
tile season. It is quite surprising, John Lilldbcrg. u sophomore, is
too, how many of these same guys ll llcu‘ lillilic hole at State, having
had little or no CXDCI‘ICIICC ill Illg’ll transferred from Champlain Col-
school. lcge. Jolill is from Homer. N. Y.,

Many of the present freshmen and went in Humor Central where
will end up on a varsity roster this he l’ill‘llt'lllillt'd in basketball. 4
year, but don't. any of you, count .Ve'dl'Si t.I'Hf'k- 2 i‘t'ill'ﬁi and Soccer. 4
yourself out until you have i.'.l\'(‘ll it Will's: Jim” h"(I 1 will" of soccer
a try Oil the practice field. This Oxlwi'll‘m'e all Champlain.
can be a means for the freshmen .WIIIHUH LINIIN‘I'L’. ll Junior. like
to show the uppel-clussnmn that his brother is ll tl'llllsi'ci' frolii
they are also fill important part of Chﬂmlllilm- A! Holm‘l' Central. Bill
college. had 4 years experience ill basket-

sﬂcen me number (me [.111 sport blill, socccr, llllCI baseball. Bill also
here at State. has already opcllcd lilili’l‘CI  i'f‘iil‘s ilI"|JllSkcl.iilill at
practice sessions on Bevel-wka Clililiiplulll. lilollg with 2 years of
field and to date there has been 5000015
21 fine turnout. But there is :11- John Pcllgclly. a freshman, from
ways room for more. so we would Bill SHOW. 1-1- In WCIII L0 BUY SIIOI'G
like to see .111 [ml men Wm, were High. John participated lll tciiiiis,
interested enough to sign up ill tile 3 .Vi‘ill's “lid DHSkt‘tlJllII. 1 year. In
first place to stay right out there “(Million 1” INS 4 YUM-5‘ ULSOCCCI'
and give the veterans a battle for Whh‘h “'(‘l't‘ ir'ill’m‘d by I115 Mills 56-
men. posmons lsctchzisk {till—Scholastic goalie of
. y u I‘ . C\\' ()l‘ a ll (‘.
bpolu‘ bLANlh EW‘l‘L‘lI Wclcl'liiillcr. ll l'l'esllllillll,

. . we iiopc that all the uppcr is “.0,” Wnylmm‘ N. Y. AL Wuy_
classmcn Who worked “’gcu‘” I" Illll(I Ccllll'al, Evcrcil lilid varsity
make "‘03" ("mm 1* success 4"“ cxpci'iclicc Ill buscimll, ~l yclll's; soc-
recoﬂ'hized by their "'iwhm‘uvs l9" ccr.1i yours; and bllskctbilil. 2 years.
“hing sue" “ Wu" l0" - i ' 5‘91")“ ”' Marvin Lusi'lcr, ll l'i'cslllllalll, from
at socccrprncticctheotlicrillgiit.iliiti CUHWS‘ “Hmdm Hm”), High.
watched Jim but his boys through Mm-ylll played soccer and I)llSI((‘L-
an initial scriliimltgc . . . sonic of m,“ 1,”. 3 “Hrs.

“‘0 boys “"0 "(’Uh‘uhii int“ “"“li' Tolll ()‘L.(illgllliii. a sophomore,
tlon flist and arc portraying flushes {mm malmmmm “upmlpd Bing,
Of last yi‘lll"5 I'M'm ~ ' - WWW” 0‘ li.lliltoli North High. ’l‘olli‘s (‘XpL‘l‘l-
the “eWcO'm’rs I00" I-Wmh “’0 - - - l'll(‘l‘ lli lilin school was Iinlllcd to
anyone. preferably sophomores and 3 Mun-h- “1' “mm,”

juniors. interested iii joining tlic

Siorts stuff of this paper plcilsc

clmtlsct Ray Woli‘c or iiiysclf. Hague To Manage

. already reports arc drifting  Footba” Leagues
around about the coming football

Wilsan . - . Illli‘h‘l 0'10 i-‘i lhul UN‘ ’l‘llc lllllilllllll'lll Football sciisoll
service vctcralils on campus are com- will 1.0ng “th1” [he m.“ NU
billing their talents and forming il \\'(|(\k:\‘ “nun”.qu Tum “Hull... '55!

 

tcalm . . . it should Iic Illti'l'vslilll: lilzllillgcr of llli' imagine. 'l‘llls yciir,
lllll’Wﬂy - - - (‘Ilﬂlk 0"“ Ill) ll" JO" :ls lll prcvlous Wars. [he [cums will
Garcia . . . Iii-sir he scored it goal he ill\‘l(li“.l to form two lcngilcs.
in soccer lirzu'llvv tlw otlu-r night llogm- l'lll‘llil‘l‘ l‘l'pill'ls tlillt till-re
- - - (“1055 IIN'I’ “llﬂlll' I‘Ollml ll K00“ \\’lll Ill‘ ll spi'cllll l‘ooliiiill cupilllll's
"50 for the mm» 115 ll lilm'f' ‘0 i-liVi' niccilllg ('lllli‘il solilcilliic next week.
tests . . . now if someone could only 'l‘lll- lilmlui's of “PA, and Potter
find a nit-c. his ilrm Minn-wili‘ri' Club who pluycd n blilcl', Illll‘il

- guess the annual Alumni—Yur- fought coilicsi lusl your. will now

sity liiiskctbllll colltcsi is off for hp cligiblc to play regularly for
this year - . . no! clmush uraul slurs llli'll' rcspcl-ilvc lculiis. 'l'llf‘ Sits

liroilml . . . liopc iilc li‘rosli lll|\’l' le-lllii ulll olli-c zlgulll l'cly oil llll‘
inlulc the rounds of ivclcoiiics u'illl- strong :ll‘lll ol' .lcl'l'y Mousso and
out any clisllultlcs . . . lo ll(l(l lo the ;. hum churning Hm» io mim some
worn-out ivclcollics "we couldn't gct \‘li'llli'li‘S, \vllilc Kli should have ll
along without you" . . . liltcsi word [list moving. \vcll Illlllllll‘i‘il lcunl.

Is that iilc World Scl'lcs won‘t be Willi llll' llil(lill()ll of good i'illll-
(iccldcd in less lllllll ll gullics lilld lllllll‘l‘, dol'lllllol'y. llll(l llldcpclidclit
that it won‘t go ll guillcs . . . to lcuiiis. lloguc oxpccis liils loolbllll
find out who shall will, :1in "ill- si-llsoll lo lll' Elli i-iu'llllig :lilil suc-
I‘lilil." ccsslill oiic

 

ART KAPNER

'i'()l'/\’ \lxl'll' l.\’\l'/\'.ll\'i /' .ii.l.\'

ALI. 'l‘YI’ICS of INSURANCE

73 Siaic Sill-cl 3 till Albany. N. Y.

 

Garcia Releases

Soccer Schedule
For I53 Season

Oct. 3 Queens College Away
Oct. 7 Plattsburg State Away
Oct. 16 Gencsco Stale Away
Oct. 17 Oswego State Away
Oct. 22 Union College Away
Oct. 24 New England

College Away
Nov. 7 Plattsburgh State Home
Nov. 13 Panzer College Home

Coach Joe Garcia has added 3
new schools as opposition when
the season opens ill about three
weeks. Coach Garcia, who has
biosted soccer 21 long way ill the
few short years he has been here,
aimed for tougller opposition again
this year and got it. The new Ill-
vaders who will meet the statesmen
oii_Beverwyck are the University of
Bridgeport, Long Island University,
and Panzer College.

Last year, the soccer squad posted
ll 6—4, won-lost, record for tile sea-
son. Tile most spectacular show-
ing was before their own falls
where they rounded out the season
with five straight victories.

Tile filial victory was :1 3-0 willtc-
wash affazr over Genesco. Personal
honors in that game went to goalie
Pete Tclfcr, who hung up lils third
shutout of the season and Al Call-
lloll. who booted llonle all three of
State's goals. A] was last year’s
lczldilig goal getter at State.

All lloliic soccer games this year
begin at 2 1). iii. and will be played
on Bcvcl'wyck Field.

Garcia Issues Call For Trainers

Fanny Freshman
Finds Fun At
Frosli Frolics

Dear Ma:

Hi! Well arrived 0k. and am
now at what they call Frosh Camp.
The weather was great Friday aft-
ernoon so 150 of us Frosh really
took the waterfront by storm for
a dip and some boating. We even
got a chance to try out some fancy
synchronized swimming. Some of
our class really have some talent
to throw at those soplls when Riv-
alry rolls around.

Saturday the weather was just
too cold for swimming so some of
us brave Frosh went canoeing.
Everything was fine until the willd
came up. Then there we were
stranded—our canoeing not what it
might be. Well. we only had to
carry the canoe overland for about
a mile! When we finally got back
some of us Frosh engaged in What
was supposed to be a softball game
against tllc counselors. We slaugh-
tered them a lilerc 18-6! Golly if
we keep this up, we will will Rival-
ry. That's some sort of contest be-
tween tlie Frosh alid Soplls.

I'm ill a cabin with a great group
of Frosh. Ill fact. our cabin won
about every volleyball challenge
from any of the other cabins.

That's all for now. I lnust close
liild go up to the main lodge where
we arc going to have soillc singing
and learn some State cheers.

Love.
Fanny Freshman.

PS. Please send me a dollar
for ll bcany!

SUCf‘CI‘ICUllCll Joe Garcia has issued an urgent request to any mell
\\'ll() lll‘C interested lil helping out with the soccer team. Garcia needs at
least one publicity mall. two managers, and as llllllly trainers us he can

get. These men will probably take

trips with the team.

The duties of the publicity agent consist of writing up reports of
gillilcs and of notifying the State College News and local Albuiiy papers
of game results. The managers. who can be eligible for Varsity letters,
are responsible for the team‘s equipment. Tile trainers will be taught
to care for minor injuries suffered by the players.

Garcia has stated that if a sufficient number of iiicil are interested in
learning to be trainers. lic will start ill] extra-curricular class ill the

l'lllldulilcntzils of training.

PAC. I

Frosh Softballers.
WelloP Faculty
In Annual Test

Freshmen Belt Kapner,
Hathaway Arid Jones
Hit Round Trippers

The men of the class of ’57 got
off to a flying start at frosh camp
last weekend as the Red Devils'
softball team clobbered the feeble
faculty forces. twenty-some to
seven. One of the worst drubbings
ever handed a faculty nine, accord-
lllg to an old philosopher who has
seen many a frosh-faculty clash
come and go.

One of the few bright spots in
the dull faculty showing was the
fine mound form exhibited by Art
(Knickers) Kapner, who displayed
a lot of poise while being ham-
mered all over the lot. The frosh
pounced on him early in the game
and built up a substantial lead
while Al Rockleln, the ’57 hurler,
held the profs to one hit over the
first five innings.

Hathaway Stars At Plate

Sluggers Art Jones and Merlin
Hathaway saved the faculty from
complete humiliation as each
pounded out a round trip blast.
Hathaway, who is showing signs of
breaking out of an eight-year bat-
ting slump. also collected two other
safeties to pace the faculty team at
the plate. Leo Durocher and Bath-
away say, "Wait till next year.”
Counselors Swamp Frosh

To keep the frosh from getting
too cocky, the counselors trounced
them soundly behind the fastball-
llig sllilits of John “Garbage
Moutll" Allasslo. And just to rub
it ill, a counselor football team also
slaughtered an aggregation of
freshman all-stars.

Ill other sports acthltles at camp
the Reds defeated the Blues in keen
live-sport competition for the cov-
eted grand prize. The Reds won
football, basketball, and softball,
while the Blues took volleyball and
llorscslloes. All of the games were
close and well played, with much
fine sportsmanship displayed by
both teams.

 

Co-op

2.40
2.20
|.9O

li'l'(, AS MARKH)

PLAIN (\Nl) \Vl'l‘ll
(()I.I.I’(lI-l SIC/\I.

3.35
2.95
2.60

 

 

 

BIG VALUES
SA V15 5'3, 5’3

LOOSE LEAF

RING BINDERS

"New Now

1.89
1.79
1.49

SWEAT SHIRTS

ll It’l'r‘ [\Iull

2.79
2.39

1.95

 

PENl

SPECIALS!

DONT MISS
THESE VALUES .’ .’

ATHLETIC SOX

WHITE —-r
3 Pairs for $1.00
ROE. Hill:

'l‘.‘ll\'l-f .'ll)i'.-ll\"l'.'l(.li ()I’ I'll/S VALUE

,.,‘
i ll" 3

ii"IIIl.I:' 'I'IIIEI' l..'i.i"l'

 

EXCELLI'IN'I‘ BUYS

Every - LEATHER

ZIPPER CASE

Greatly Reduced l I

EXCELLENT BUYS i i

15% OFF ON ALL

SHAEF F ER PENS and PENCILS

....

Draslically Reduced

FEW ODD PENS and PENCILS
“

PART WOOL

 

 

