 

 

l
2

 

 

 

"' ' STATE COLLEGE NEWS

IOTA-LIIHID MAY I’ll

  

IY THI CLAII OF 101'

VOL. XXXVII May 15. 1953 N0. 27
Members or the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday
and Wednesday from 7 to p.n. iit 2-3320, Ext. ll.
Phones: Lynch. Hit-0312: Aslii‘li-Itl, 2i-35Hii'. I‘lltll'i'tl, ‘J-lltllQ:
Gerig. 2-bit”: Surtcs. 2-2432“. ‘
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State (.01-
lege for Teachers: published every Friday of the College
your by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

CATHERINE LYNCH - - - - - - - Etlltor-in-Chlci’
IRENE EIlDRED - - - - - - - (‘o-Munuglng Editor
SALLY OERIG - - - - - - - - (‘o-Muunu’lng Editor
JOYCE SUR’I‘ES - - - ~ - l'ublli- Relistlom Editor
ROBERT ASHFIELD - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
IIAYMONI) WOLFE - - - - - Senior Sports Member
MARE]. SCIIWEIZER ~ - "IINIlll‘Hﬂ-AIIVOI'HNIIIR MultiIm-r
MARY ANN REILINU - - (‘Irt'ulutlon-Exchange Edltor
JOANNE MOORE - - — - - - - - Associate Editor
WILLARD REI'I‘Z - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
EVELYN RUBEN - - - - - - - - Assoc-lute ltlltor
DEAN ZUCII - - - - - - - - - - AHMN'liltﬂ ltlltor

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view

‘0':
We Came, We Saw, We Conquered

We, the new leaders of Student Government and
Campus organizations have been elected to posi-
tions of great responsibility. Others have felt that
we are capable of handling these positions. Do we.
too, feel adequate, or are we trembling in our shoes
at the thought? For the first time in our lives, we
will be handling thousands of dollars belonging to
others which they have willingly and confidently
placed under our control. Well may we shiver.

But next year we will gain confidence. It will be
up to us to decide the issues which will be presented
to us. In past years, we have let other leaders estab-
lish the policies. then passed our vote of consent.
Now we must determine the policy. We must weigh
the pros and cons. We must consider the ethical
right or wrong, the theory versus the practicality.
the desire of the few versus that of the many. We
must cooperate in this endeavor in order to present
to the Student Body a unified Opinion. There will
be diverse opinions among us. There should be dis—
sention. or we will fail to present a true. honest
view of the subjects in question.

If Student Association is to have faith in us. we
must have faith in ourselves. People have done our
jobs before, and done them well. We should strive
to do them as well or better if it is in our power to
do so. Here is the opportunity we have been waiting
forﬂ—a chance to prove our supposed abilities. Many
changes have been made this past year by far-
sighted people. Rivalry has been shortened to a few
months' activities so that the strain on the students
participating, especially the freshmen. will be less-
ened considerably. The All College Revue. which
many predicted would be a fiasco, was extrcmclv
successful. and will undoubtedly be a permanent
event on the calendar in future years. Next year it
is our turn to be creative. We will introduce novcl
ideas for acceptance or rejection. We. with the con-
sent of the Student Body, may decide to eliminate
some facet of tradition: perhaps even set a new tra-
ditional precedent.

Suggestions have been made for expanding thc
curriculum. and for providing more valuablc cx-
pcriences in the field of professional training. Wc
may be asked by the administrative and depart—
mental heads to assist them in the planning and ex-
ecution of such programs. Through thesc activities~
we will serve our electorate in the best means pos
sible. Not only will we be gaining self-reliance. its--
surance. and valuable acquaintances. but we will
be contributing bcnefits to the cdiicational wcalth
of all students.

With the additions to the College buildings undcr
construction. we may be facet] with the problem
of adequate seating for Student Association for the
fall semester. Will the question of a rcprcscntativc
form of government he raised again? l’crhaps. Will
these additions cause a monopoly of tch calcndar
by tho [)ramatics classes during the limited timi-
allowed for laboratory plays? Will the feasibility
of football be brought to the forc again? 'l'ht-sc
are only a few of the numerous issucs that may coir
front us during the coming year.

Yes, the dccisions rest in otir hands. l.cl us hopi-
that those who have elected us will cooperate with
us. We cannot and should not make the tit-cisions
ourselves. it is the duty of thc pcoplc who Ii:th
chosen us to inform us of their feelings and sizintlu
on issues. We will depend upon them to advisc us
We will cstablish the policy, yes, but we will not
dictate it. liy voting, the students havc givcn Villi‘t‘
to their belief in the maturity of our judgment. .\l:tv
their action during the coming year prove to us the
maturity of theirs.

 

    

   

 

“WE must detifrmine the policy."

 

new;

 

Having been given this space for
a few parting remarks. I can’t help
but think that this is the ﬁrst true
opportunity I have had to express
my own opinions on subjects around
school. I might just toss out a few
lines of thought as they come to my
head.

First. I was entirely pleased and
satisﬁed with the year's activities.
Student Council and Myskania were
by far more active than in the past
and produced more in a far reach-
ing way than many a former group.
In the coming year these changes
will become apparent and I hope
successful. The interest in Council
meetings was noticeable since there
were more non-members at each
meeting than in previous years. Mys-
kania's forums did not pan out but
the results of the planning will be
evident this fall with the proposed
Constitutional ch a n g e s. T h e s e
changes are there to make you think
and decide whether you want them
to replace the former rules. The
changes in rivalry will be great and
the traditions abolished will be con-
spicuous by their absence from the
Handbook.

As of next year there will be new
committees functioning with both
faculty and student members which
will give every pupil in every de-
partment an outlet for suggestions

 

VW’ 9n 74c 7044»:
By RIIODA BERGER

By JOHN LANNON

 

The Tulip Festival is holding the
spotlight in the Albany Area this
weekend. Tonight the Tulip Queen
and her court will brighten the co-
ronation ceremonies staged on the
lake and in the boat house in Wash-
ington Park.

In connection with the festivities
the Albany Institute of History and
Art will be showing its fourth annual
tulip show until tomorrow noon. The.
arrangements are entitled. “Our
Dutch Heritage."

The Fort Crailo American Legion
Band is presenting its Spring Band
Concert tonight at 8:15 pm. in the
Philip Livingston J u n i or High
School. Tickets are $1.00. They may
be purchased at the door or by con—
tacting H. David VanDyck.

Morton Gould and his orchestra
will be featured on Radio Council’s
"Musically Speaking" heard over
WABY at 6:30 p.111. tomorrow. The
orcl'icstra will render a medley of
songs by various composers.

The Princeton Seminary Choir is
appearing at the Madison Avennc
Presbyterian Church this Sunday at
7:30 pm. The public is invited.

Thornton Wilder's “The Happy
Journey” and scenes from “A Miri-
stunincr Night's Dream." “Androclcs
and The Lion." and "Julius Caesar"
“Ill be dramatized by the Trinity
Players at. tho Parish Hall at tho
corncr of Lark and Lancaster Streets
tomorrow night at 8:30 pm. Student
rates are $.50.

“High Noon” and “African Queen"
are at the Madison through Satur—
day.

Ream/M

 

 

and criticisms in the academic line.

AA has expanded and is offering
new and better policies at our ex-
pense. yet to our beneﬁt. Much need-
ed equipment and laundry service
which has been so drastically needed
are included in the budget for next
year.

A successful exchange program
was established and proves to
hold a tremendous potential in fur-
thering inter-collegiate relations
Another foreign student can come
to our college next year thanks to
the efforts of our students and fac-
ulty.

With all these accomplishments I
have a few criticisms to make. Nat-
urally I wish there were more ac-
tive interest in assembly but more
important. with the growth of the
college I'm afraid it is necessary to
become a little more liberal with our
ﬁnances. Compared to many other
colleges (including State collegeSi
our expenses are exceedingly low.
Money cught not to be handed out
at random, but our extreme pettiness
at certain times could be abandoned
in favor of improving our school in
many categories. If groups wish to
expand and can justify this expan-
sion or if new activities and requests
are made they should be recognized
as valuable to the college and to the
individuals if it be the case.

With the new ofﬁcers and the re-
commendations from this year's or-
ganizations I can forsee a fine term
of ofﬁce for all concerned. HoweVer.
“all concerned" means you—so how
about digging in someplace next year
so'you. too. may claim part of State’s
gains as your own.

 

GW' Jami

 

Dear Editor.

Last week the News neglected t3
print this list of donors who gave
blood Monday, May 4.

Philip G. Katie. Earl Hare. Betty
McConnell. Thomas L. Gorinan,
Thin L. Ladd. Jr., Morris D. Ham-
lin. Le Roy Negus. Yvonne Kloost-
crinan. Mary Lavery. Ann Marie
Hug. Konrad Mater. Jack Cardcllo,
Mary Murray. Ray Cottrell. Nancy
Wawro. Aim Conklin. Shirley Tuck-
clr. Sara Hoyt, Virginia Hilfker, Wil—
liam Urquhart. Arline Grier. Arnold
Smith. Lloyd Loop. Richard Gallup.
Stuart Theohary. Francis Fay. John
Horton. John Morrisey. Karl Peter-
son. Mary Terry, Ann McDougal.
Angela Kavanagh. Philip Bartel.
Evelyn Erdle. Joseph Patrick. Jami
Sunter, DouglasNiclson. Bob Lundor-
gan. Arnold Scholberg. Matilda Ma-
louf. John Lucas. James Fox. Marlon
Howard. Don Capuano. Jack Cain-
plsi. Aliki Apostolides. Marilyn
Burke, Thomas Hogue, Doris Mehan.
Carol Gerety. Paul Pcttit. Raymond
’I‘rabucco. Wendell Borden, John
Fitzgibbons. William McCormick,
Geoffrey Fletcher, Charles Cullen.
Irene Brezinsky, Palmina Calabresc.

(Continued on Page 3. Column 1/

 

Gammon-51d”

By J. KOREA and n. HUGHES ._ 

———

LOOKING AHEAD

Another Moving-Up Day has come and gone and : .
Student Association elections turned out just all
the way we expected; with a few surprises here i .
there. All in all things seem to be looking bright,
the coming year, and we hope that they will stay t;
way. You. the student body have elected your lend
support them.

The election also showed up the fact that not
many people bothered to vote this year. The mm
of ballots cast was rather small when compared ‘
former years. The trouble lies partially in the fact
not everyone has an assembly seat. Perhaps it t:
people were to take a little more interest in Stu.
Government. we would have more ballots cast in
next election.

S. B. F.

Student Board of Finance seems to be having it x
of trouble making budget recommendations stick. ’1
spend a week going over and investigating a pﬂl'th .
budget, and then when they ﬁnd that some line Slit t
be changed. Student Association gives back the m. ;
with about ﬁve minutes discussion. We can't sec
use of having a Student Board of Finance it
recommendations made are disregarded. This i?» t
isn't a wicked ogre that likes to devour tiny organ:
tions. it is a group that you have elected to wori:
the budgets and keep them from getting too higl.
going against the State College Constitution. Bl‘i
you give any more money away, disregarding the st.
ments of the Board. ﬁnd out the facts and von .
telligently.

SPRING SONGS

Tonight in Page Hall, Music Council is presentii.
their second evening of their Annual Spring [\‘ln,
Festival. Tonight's entertainment will be presentco :
the choral groups of the college. We hope all that . i
able will attend.

AWARDS?

The question of awards for WAA is mostly (lllt
principle. Those against the awards will probabh i
that people should go out for these sports bi‘t'illl
they enjoy them, and therefore not be paid for spl-i.
ing Student Association money. The other side o1 
question is one of honoring and recognizing L't‘l'l.i..
women for outstanding achievement in intramui.l
sports. Think over these two sides of the question in-
fore you cast your vote today in assembly.

A. D. PRESENTS

Don’t forget “Berkeley Square." a fantasy who.
will be presented on May 22 and 23 by the Advnnm i
Dramatics students. The spring play has always how
one of the highlights of the year and we urge all to
attend.

AROUND THE CAMPUS

Don’t forget to pick up your copy of the Prllllt'l
which will be distributed this Monday . . . The Horn
Production which most of us saw last Saturday inc!
was one of the cleverest bits of satire we have m.
seen in Page . . . Copies of the exam schedule Will ‘
posted next week in prominent places around thc (‘-
lege . . . The S.I.S. system which was recently mun.
urated by the administration seems to be wot-lo:
quite well . . . All Seniors. don’t forget to pay your 4*
you don’t want to slip up this late in the gainc
We are still looking for the MUD party . . .Congrni
lotions to the able Seniors who made it possible tor
to have a banner on MUD.

THE'ENI)

Since this is our last issue. we would like to illd
the News Board for giving us the privilege of writ.
this column. and all those who offered their stir.“
tions and comments to us throughout the year '
have tried to do a good job. and we have had fun
ing it. We hope that whoever writes this column in
year will have as much fun as we have had. ’l‘o '
new (‘ommonStaters we say, good-luck.

Julie and non

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. MAY 15
8:30 p.lll. Music Festival Chorus Culiccl‘l. l’itgl- A .
torium.

SATURDAY. MAY 16

6 pm. Potter Club Bunquct.. Jack's.

'7 p.111. Alpha Pi Alplm Banquet and Formal. l':
pirc Room. ’l‘cn Eyck.

9 DJ“. Sigma Lambda Sigma l"(ll'lllil 1. 1:

Lounge. ’l‘i-n Eyck.

SUNDAY. MAY I7
9 ant. Picrcc I'inll May Breakfast.

1 pm. Alpha Pi Alpha Picnic, ’l‘hatcht-r l’ai'li
Sigma Lambda Sigma Picnic. 'l‘lniitl
Park.
llctu thn Faculty Picnic.

MONDAY. MAY iii

6 pm. (ililillllii Kappa Phi Scnlor Banquet. Yi
ai's.

2:30 pm.

TUESDAY. MAY Ill
7 pm. SCA Workshop Meeting. Brubachcr.

'l‘lllllth‘iiAY, MAY 21
iii noon IVCF Meeting. Draper Hull.

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. MAY 22 AND 23
“:30 pin. Advanced Drumatics Spring Play. I’le
Auditorium.

 

About Africa,
Western World

The Consul-Adjoint of France at
New York. M. Mejid Kebaili will
speak on “North Africa and the
Western World" at the Albany Aca-
demy for Girls. 155 Washington
Avenue, at 4 p. in. Tuesday, an—
nounces Dr. Arline F. Preston. In-
structor in Modern Languages. M.
Kebaili will speak under the aus-
pices of the Alliance Francoise of
Schenectady of which Miss Preston
is the Albany representative.

Born in Tunis, Tunisia, M. 1e Con-
sul is well qualified to speak on this
subject. After completing his ad—
vanced study in Paris, he was mo-
bilized in 1939 and as a member of
a. resistance network. he prepared
for the Allied invasion of North Af-
rica in 1942. In 1945 he entered the
diplomatic service and worked for
four years in the field of foreign
affairs.

All interested students are urged
to attend. states Miss Preston.

ewumiwtiand

 

 

(Continued from Payee, Column .3:
Robert Ward. Fay Burns, Shciln
Stanger. Thomas Soule, Marie Dc-
Seve, Charles Andrews. Daniel Rob-
inson. John Paul Ward, Mary Anr
Cossaboom, Norma Joan DeRoos.
Barbara Cumber. Doris Emons, Phil-
lis Raymond. Nancy Buzzard. Wil-
liam Wilcox. Theodore Mayer. Rich-
ard Bailey, Gilbert Waldman. Fran-
Cis Dunning. Joseph Derby. Elizabeth
Rocker. Leonard Davis. Walt Rchdcr
Frank Mayer. Roger Hawvcr. Robcrt.
Conn, Donald White. Josephine Giu»
liano. Raymond Champlln. Anna
Marie Yanarclla. Rudolph Schmidt.
Edwin Munro. Ellen Rcisingcr. Clay-r
ton Gravlin. Charles Lusk. Carroll
Judd. Pete McMnnus, Bradley Grif~
ﬁn. Betty Miller.

Thank you.
Marie Dechc

 7 sit-nits comes sewn. - Pnib'Av‘. MAY 13. toss

Kebaili To Speak Separates, Flats} Short Haircuts
Mark Choice Of State Students

By ESTHER MAYAKIS
and ROSE MARY KELLER

When the cold. continuously rainy
weather was finally. interceded by
sunny spring. the members of Co.
124 class. a Distributive Education
course at State College, took to the.
hallways of the school to poll the
apparel of the college students—
Gallup style. With paper and pen in
hand. the pozisters checked on
items such as shoes. hair cuts and
styles. matching necktles and socks
——thc students' complete ensemble.

The men of State College donned
sport shirts in preference to the
white dress shirts. It is interesting
to note that those who wore the
white shirts, wore the conventional
four-in-hund. printed necktie rath-
er thnn the plain or Slim Jim neck-
tie which arc the vogue in fashion
circles now. or all those surveyed
who wore necktics. only 25 per cent
had matching socks.

With the current emphasis on fa-
shion trends it". necktics. the poll-
sters found that no Kentucky Col-
onels or hand knit ties were worn;
while only 80 men out of 300 tabu-
lated wore ties at all. Of these 80
men. eight wore bow tics.

Further surveying of the State
man's apparel shows that stilts are
the most prevalent. which must be
due to tho fact. that practice teach—
ci's are required to be attired in this
outfit. Sport jackets are the next
favorite item in the college man's
fashion wardrobe.

The conservative male at State
completes his ensemble with brown
oxfords. Loafers have not left the
write. since 34 per cent consider
them as part of their attire. On the
campus can be found white buck
:‘hocs completing the traditional
college outfit. At State 18 per cent
of tho Statesmen have joined this
group and find that they are just
as attractive on becoming a dusty
grey after some wear.

in a survey taken of men's hair-
cuts. it was found that 110 of the

 

275, men polled ordered a brush cut
when in the barber's chair. Then,
too, it was noticeable that one-
third of the men. fox-ewent the rou-
tine shave in the morning.

Women Prefer Separates 7 V

Women of State prefer full. skirts
with sleevelessblouses which are
usually white in color and orna-
mented with floral accessories. Out
of 264 women who don dresses. 149
are print or plaid with pastel color-
ed dresses a close Second with 71 out
of the total wearing this outfit.

Suits were in- a very light minor-
ity with only ten on the State camp-
us among 546 women surveyed. wear-
ing them.

Various types of footwear were
seen on the dainty feet of State’s
co-cds. Dress flats were in the ma-
jority with loafers slightly behind
Heels. worn mostly by practice
teachers. and sneakers. worn mostly
by the sporty ladies. were also high
on the list. Suede oxfords, saddle
shoes. white bucks. and summer
sandals were all in the fashion pic-
ture but with slight note.

Short Haircuts Most Popular
.imong Coeds

In the hair style scene among the
women. the pollsters proved that the
short hair cuts were the most fav-
ored. One out of four women dis-
played locks of curled. medium
length hail-docs. Several women con-
tinued to wear their hair in a long
bob or page boy while nine per cent
sported a pony tail and in some
cases horse tails. .

Exccpt for rings the Women at
State tend to be shying away from
jewelry. The belt fad has come to
this campus and has stayed on even
with the commencing of summer
wear.

Students at State College have
proven themselves to be conserva-
tive. but well—dressed people. The
survey further showed that the stu-
dents on this campus are rather re—
luctant in picking up current fashion
trends.

 

 

But only

\

 

/ I’M GOING TO GET
A SOFT JOB FORTHE
SUMMER. LITTLE
WORK AND LOTS
KOF DOUGHl p

/

I a

  





 

 

 

More

 

 

Jcime will tell...

 

 

HOW ‘BOLJT
TAKIN’MB
AS YOUR
VALET?

 

   
 

 

 

 

«'1! /r .% «Wm.

People Smoke CAME

YOU/LL PROBABLY

COME BACK NEXT
FALL FAT
AND RICH!

HOW CAN THEY V

p HE MAY
DISCOVER
THAT MONEY
DOESN’T GROW
ON Tizeee!

      
     

    
   

V'-
a.

  
  
 
 
 

Council Names  .

New Members

New members of Residence Coun-
cil have been announced .by Julie
Korba '53. Retiring President. These
members under the supervision of
the Dean of Women and the Faculty
Housing Committee enforce the
residence regulations.

Members for '53-’54 are: Kappa.
Delta. Ruth Richter, new President;
Gamma Kappa Phi. Marie Elder;
Phi Delta. Doris Emens; Psi Gam-
ma. Anne Van Aken; Beta Zeta,
Madeleine Payne; Alpha. Epsilon
Phi. Dillies Mansky; Chi Sigma
Theta. Margaret Guinan; Newman
Hall, Marie Dapolito; Brubacher
Hall. Jean Rasey. Since Pierce Hall's
new officers have not been announc-
ed yet. the tenth name can not
be released at this time. Miss Rich-
ter will also be president ex-officio
of Judicial Board.

Shower Shocks
Tanning Coeds

Across the great Sahara. near
an oasis situated in a certain
Greek theater, there can be seen
State's version of the Ziegfeld
girls. These tan-bent beauties.
draped allurineg on old Army
blankets, were drinking in the
sun, among other things, and
l is t e n i n g to classic lectures
broadcast by Mel Allen.

The basking was interrupted
by the furtive heaving of a pull
of water from an upstairs win-
dow. Reports that the deluge
was a prop to the Great Flood
Scene of a. recent epic have not
yet been conﬁrmed. However.
the girls were wearing bathing
suits.

Bodies cooled as tempers heat-
ed, and there was it mass exodus
from the ﬁeld. The culprit is still
at large. Some itinerant Boston-
lans. discovered under a YMCA
towel a spilt bottle of suntan oil.
Query: Will a salvage derrick be
erected?

 

9dr may
tillabou’ra summer
job! And only
time will Jrell aboura
cigarette! Take
your time...

est

 

[favor

  
   
       
   
     
  
  
 
    
   

76r30 days
ﬁll/[017m

THERE MUST BE A REASON WHY
Camel is America's most popular
cigarette—leading all other brands
by billions! Camels have the two
things smokers want most—rich, full

pack after pack! Try Camels for 30
days and see how mild, how flavorful,
how thoroughly enjoyable they are

as your steady smoke!

Office Releases I
Student Housing
Registration Rules

Students To File Form
For Summer Residence

The Student Personnel office has
released information concerning stu-
dent housing for both the summer
session and for the fall semester.

All students attending summer
school are requested to file applica-
tions for rooms in Brubacher Hall
before leaving for home in June.
These forms are available in rooms
110 and 138. All undergraduates must
live in Brubacher unless they have
the permission of the Dean of Men
or of the Dean of Women to live
elsewhere.

Students who have indicated their
desire to live in one of the college
residence halls during the coming
school year are asked to watch the
bulletin board outside room 110 for
an announcement concerning con-
tracts and assignments to various
halls.

To apply for a dormitory job stu~
dents should ﬁll out a registration
form in the Placement ofﬁce as soon
as possible.

Students who wish to live off cam-
pus are reminded that they may live
only in rooms or apartments which
are approved by the Student Person-
nel Ofﬁce. There will be a. file of
approved rooms and apartments
available in the Student Personnel
Ofﬁce in September. Students desir-
ing to ﬁnd their own accommoda-
tions before that time should not.
obligate themselves until the ap—
proval of the SPO has been obtained.

  
     
 

 

and/74%?

and cool, cool "Ii/dues: . . .

 

 

