 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

Compulsory Assembly ., . .
Today in Assembly we will have our first
opportunity to take definite action on the
motion to discontinue compulsory assem-
bly. Much discussion pro and con the issue
has passed from both sides of the Page Hall
lectern. The main argument for defeating
the motion is that once we abandon the
policy of compulsory assembly, we will no
longer have a workable legislative branch
of our student government. Under our
. present system, this is true.

Student Council will propose an amend-
ment to the original motion today that
attempts to solve this problem. The amend-
ment would have Student Association con-
tinue compulsory assembly until a new
form of government were put into opera-
tion. At first reading, this amendment may
seem to nullify the purpose of the original
motion. To our mind, however, it would
neatly evaporate the only strong argument
in favor or compulsory assembly.

Of course, if the collective mind of Stu-
dent Association is happy with our present
set-up, and has no complaint against com-
pulsory assembly, all the time and energy
spent on government revision and amend-
ments is wasted, as was the case last year.
In the light of several pertinent facts we
cannot see a bright future for SA under the
existing system. Our auditorium has a
capacity of 999; Student Association has an
apprOleate membership of 1500. In the
near future, even those 999 seats Will be
unavailable due to the plan of constructing
a new auditorium on the site of Page. The
enrollment has increased greatly in the past
two years and all circumstances and facts
point to an even larger enrollment in the
next few years. State College is undergoing
a period of transition. Events are crowding
the social calendar. Our present dormi-
tories are filled to capacity. All phases of
our college society are becoming more dy-
namic; should our student government re-
main static?

There seems to be one flaw in the pro-
posed amendment. We have no guarantee
that a new and better form of government
will be put into effect. SA could solve this
by putting a time limit on the amendment,
as brought out by Student Council. But
there is a more efficient way to prevent
such a possible regression. The Good Gov-
ernment Committee is open to all members
of SA who are interested in completing a
plan for an acceptable new legislature form.
The committee is faced with a difficult '0b
and needs all the support and participation
SA will offer. The best way we can protect
our interests and ameliorate our legislative
system is by active support of this group.
If the amended motion is passed, as we
believe it should and will, the ingenuity
and maturity of SA will be faced with an
important challenge. The answer to this
challenge lies in the final results of the
Good Government Committee.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

IITAILIIHID MAY III.
IV I'HI GLAD. OP III.

 

First Place APO
December ll, 1953 No. if

Medalist CSPA
VOL. XXXVIII

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 7 to ll pm. at a-zlazle, Ext. 11. Phones:
Moore and Ruben, 2-3826; Asilfield, 3-3580; midred and Carla,
2-0612; Surtes, 2-3326.

The undergraduate newspaper of tile New York State
College for Teachens; published every Friday of tile College
year by the NEWS Board for the student Association.

EVELYN RUBEN - - - - - - - - - - - Editor~ln-Cblel
IIINE ILDIID - - - - - - - - - (lo-Managing Editor
AL 0 - ~ - (lo-Malia to; Editor
JOYCE SUITES - - - - - - - - Public Ielat one Editor
ALIOI MAHIIOIAN - - - - - - - - Olrellattal Editor
III'IILD - - - - - - - - a - Sports Editor
was BOIIWEIZBI — - - - liusiness-Advertlaia Manager
WILLARD um - - - s - - - - - - Aseeo ate Editor

 

All communications should he addressed to the editor aad
must be at nod. Names will be withheld upon re neat.
Tile STAT COLLEGE NEWS assumes no reapoaa ill"
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
as such express one do not necessarily reflect its View.

W1

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.
L

FRIDAY. DICEMIER II. 1.53

8W 8W stale

 

We are about to become victims
of the strange disease that strikes
us periodically. This malady is
known to attack both physical and
emotional aspects of the victims;
in order that it may be recognized
early and regarded objectively, I
shall describe its insidious course.

In its first stage, this disease con-
centrates it attack on the nerves,
undoubtedly choosing the path of
least resistance. The victim feels a
strong desire to retire to quiet,
musty halls which are lined with
shelves containing assorted printed
words bound in moldy cardboard.
Since misery loves company, vet-
erans of the attack assert that dur-
ing an epidemic one may find as
many as twelve sufferers writhing
with pain in these dungeons. The
weakening effect of such an ex-
perience defies description.

With the nerves well shot, the
victim is unable to resist the ad-

am

To the Editor:

As has been mentioned on an-
other part of this page, the authors
of the Common-Slater desire to
make a few comments regarding
charges that were made last week
ill this same space.

 

 

The main thesis of the letter
appeared to be that we have been
neglecting moral responsibility that
we have assumed by way of our
authorship. Two instances were
given of our lack of responsibility.

The writer of the letter of last
week appears to have great insight,
for she unearthed material that
introspection fails to detect for us.
We are referring to the claim that
“(the Common-Stator) has ignored
this responsibility . . . it has pre-
ferred to propagate a rumor . . 

Now let us examine the two ill-
stances cited ns evidences of our
irresponsibility.

The first case revolved around the
quality of Brubacher's food. We
stated at that time that "there were
many complaints about the quality
of the food." On this issue we feel
that we were neither ill informed
nor did we fail to comprehend the
issues at hand.

Our information came from Bru-
bucher residents who were quite
vociferous in their cries that week.
Conceding that among close to four
hundred eaters there is bound to
be complaint, the complaints that
were heard by us at the time of
writing we felt were sufficient to
warrant publication.

On the second point, the College
Heights proposed election rally, we
wrote, “Unfortunately this idea was
squelched by Election Conunission."

Our source for this item was Frank
McEvoy, one of the leaders for the
proposed event. That we were ill
error on this point is out of the
question, for no one will doubt that
the rally was “squelched.” The com-
plaint appears to come froln our
interpretation of the Election Com-
mission nction. It was within their
venue to do what they did; what
we thought unfortunate was that
the rally was stopped. Comprehen-
tion we feel was complete on our
part. Tllcro is still some question
on the propriety of the manner ill
which Election Commission wellt
about this—namely not stopping the
rally per se but prohibiting the can-
didutes from appearing by threat-
ening removal froln the ticket.

Considering the accuracy of our
information and the dcbutability of
the Comllllssion’s action we feel
that we wore not irresponsible ill
writing the item.

That we would "disseminate ru-
mor for rulllor's sake" or our lack of
"certain moral responsibilities" is
present when we sit down on Wed-
nesday night is far from the truth.
We are always impressed by
number of people who probably read
our words weekly, and it is furthest
frolll our intent to harm anyone or
to spread information that has no

basis ill fact or information that

By CATHY COCHRANE

 

ance of the disease into the mind.

At this point, he will make a me-
thodical, but frenzied, inspection of
such notations as he may have
made while enjoying good health.
This action is psychologically in-
terpreted as masochistic in nature.
It is strongly reminiscent of ac-
tivities observed in a home for the
aged.
The final and most injurious stage
of the sickness is also the most
peculiar. The subject develops in-
somnia and infalliny usese a home
cure: a carton of cigarettes and
an abundant supply of coffee, to be
consumed as quickly as possible. We
are apt to find him surrounded by
these medicines and wallowing in
sheaves of paper decorated with
hieroglyphics. The gravity of the
situation is now obvious, since text
books (generally accepted as handi-
craft of the Black Man) may be
perceived among the litter.

The only cure for this disease is
a pilgrimage. The victim must drag
himself to a final torture chamber
where he scribbles endlessly across
sheets of white paper adorned with
parallel ‘blue lines. Unless care-
fully guarded, he may attempt to
reproduce a fellow pilgrim’s scrib-
lings upon his own little blue lines.
If this is allowed to take place, he
is not permitted further treatment
and is condemned to struggle for
about sixteen weeks in a frantic at-
tempt to effect his own cure.

fad We“ In 44W

Last Week‘s Student Association
agenda provided over a half hour
for discussion on the main motion
on the floor, namely the motion
to abolish compulsory assemblies.
However, discussion was ended by
a new motion.

The subsidiary motion stated in
effect that because there were no
definite committee reports by the
Government Revisions Committee,
it would be wiser to table discussion
of the matter until such time as
the facts could be presented in full.

Neil Brown '54, President of Stu-
dent Association, nsked Patricia
Dean '54 to read the report and
conclusions of last year‘s committee
on revisions. The Committee had
made only a few minor changes ill
the existing Constitution. These
changes were made only to achieve
a more workable Constitution, ac-
cording to Miss Dean, and would
mean only a few amendments.

After Assembly was adjourned,
anyone interested was invited to re-
main for a good of the order meet-
ing. At this meeting discussion was
held on the practicability of having
no assembly at all, representative
government at State and the pres-
ent form of attendance procedure.

Further discussion of the main
lnotion will proceed ill assembly to-
day. according to Neil Brown, as
stated in Student Council Wednes-
day night.

 

we lack the mental acumen to com-
prchend or interpret.

Sincerely,

Mary Ann COSSlllltmn.
Gene Webb.

Dear Editor:

Because the college authorities
felt that religious obligations luld
religious devotion were one and
the same. a group of Catholic girls
were dcllicd lute permission on
Monday night to attend a special
muss nlld services opening a year
of dedication unique ill its pur-
poses, that of the Marion Your.

This muss held particular “11--
portnllcc to many and some of us
considered it an obligation to our
spiritual life.

The service would have finished
at 1:45 u.lu. We felt that this
hour was not too unusually late
for us to stay up and still be able
to curry on ordinary school activ-
ities on Tuesday.

11' we must be deprived of an
adult privilege, that of losing a
small amount of sleep for our re-
iigious convictions, it is merely a
brunt of the authorities’ luck of
confidence ill our maturity.

Yours sincerely,

A (latllolio Student.

 

 

 

Gem-$141“

By COSSABOON and WEBB

‘_

 

YES, WE READ IT

In the “Letters to the Editor” slot last week then. 
appeared a communication from one of the studen ~
body that questioned the manner in which this coiul-o._

 

is written. Rather than take space in the Going,
to answer these charges, the authors have done . l
in the Communications section of this week’s Ne“,

INCIDENTALLY

Those room deposits would certainly come ill ham
during these days of Christmas shopping.

A DEMAIN

Don't forget Winterlude tomorrow night at u.
Ten Eyck. If you're not going how about turnip
up at the State-New Paltz game in Page?

PURDY’S TEEPEE

One of the residents of Sayles Halls is trying 1...
counter the rise in the cost of pool balls by a non
haresute method. That's using your head, boy!

IT’S THAT TIME AGAIN

Unbelievable as it seems, Christmas time has com-
upon us again. Since this is the last issue of tin
News before the long-awaited vacation, may we c»;
tend our warmest Christmas greetings

To Evan, Oscar, Ellen and Dave,
Whose countellances seldom are grave.

To Neil and all the erudite Myskie
With whom to meet is often riskious,

To cafeteria coffee and Myrtle who serves it,
There’s nobody a rest more deserves it.

To publications Primer and Fed
Where oft’s the cry, "I wish I were dead."

To Student Council, that astute body.
Who yearly fight off an assembly lobby.

To Loretta and Walt, whose succulent brew
Surpasses any of Mother‘s stew.

To Mimi and every Student Union Board member,
Who's like to every neckel' dislncmbel‘.

To Mother Illustrious, Hathaway,
Who always amazes by not getting gray.

To Joy and those who care for the Commons
To keep it clean get up with the robius.

To Psi Gamma and the Delta’s, Phi and Kappa.
With all their gals pretty and duppn.

To Phi (AE) and Chi Sigma Theta
Gamma Kup and Beta by Zeta.

To Kappa Beta and EE Potter
APA and if I didn't say SLS, I certainly Would
be clobbcred.

To all of you who read the News.

In spite of digs, we still love youse.

Alld ill conclusion, we send our greetings to [how
of you not mentioned above, and fill those lit‘i'i’l“
who have been so kind to us through the pm?
semester.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, I)IC( .‘I‘IM Ill'llt II

12:30 pm. Veteran‘s Meeting, Richardson ‘20.

8:30 pm. ’I‘rojnn Women, Presented by El). (Tloi.~
SATURDAY. DEt‘EMllElt l2

lF‘C—lSC Willicrludc, 'l‘cll Eyck “HM
SUNDAY. III‘K'I'IMIH‘IK I3

10 - 2 I).lll.

7:00 |).ill. SCA Christmas Sing, Page.
MONDAY, DEt‘EMIiElt it

8:30 pm. English Evening, liruhucilcr.

llzlii) p.1n. Psi (lllllllllii ()lli‘ihiiliiih‘ Party for l"iii‘iill\
TUESDAY. DECEMISI‘IIt l5
8:30 pm. (icrnuul Film, Page.
THURSDAY, llE(‘Ei\lliElt II
All: i'lli (lllrisllnus Party.

li‘ltlllAY, DI‘It‘l'IMIlI'IIt lit

12:00noon We go holnoii

 

ammonia: News. FRIDAY. 'oacamasa u. use

 

Religious Clubs

a... a.
Slate Activities '

71:. 24:31.

h

a, ram. enema

, , I _ _ This week, we want to step out ten minutes runnin tim
yulghdc chhwtlgs  of character for a few lines and song. 8 e) or a

put in a plug for THE ALL-COL-

. . If and when on at somethi
Enllven Holiday season LEGE maven. Those of you who done, send it toyaossg Heels ’56 35

Remember, January
Let's hav
BUT, the something we can call ALL College

Several religious clubs are plan-
ning Christmas parties for the hoi- it can be much better.

were here last year remember what Student Mail.
a good show it was. and this year. 8th is the deadline.

iday season. Inter-Varsity Christian show can’t be put on unless there this year!

Fellowship is conducting a Bible are scripts to work with.
study series. Since it is

Newman Club will
Christmas party for all members can “56-

Thursday, December 17, from 7 to script.

9 pm. according to Francis Dun- which is working to get things
nmg '55, president. The party will started have decided to take short
General bits from a number of people. In

his way, the show can have more seat.
of the college represented in it than

be held at Newman Hall.
Chairman for this event is Cath-
erine McCann '56.

A Bible study series is being con- b‘wksmge work'

ducted by IVCF open to all State

Button '54, president. The next ish something up.

an ALL College

show, it ought to have parts from
conduct a as many people in the college as it
Last year, one person
wrote the show, and it was a good

So, how about it, all you budding
playwrights and songsmiths? You’ll work to make the hall Clean.
College students, reports Benjamin have till the 8th of January to pol-
Yonr script can
meeting in the series Wm take be a solo act, a short skit (not over

off the walls in Page Hall? Doesn
seem to us that it would take muc

 

place on Wednesday, December 16, g
at 3:30 pm, in Room 140, New
Draper.

Maurice
Murphy, according to Button.

Canterbury Club sponsored a com-  

bination Christmas party and spa- Thai shining “gm you may
ghetti supper at St. Andrew's Epis- see in the halls is the new
copal Church yesterday evening, re- Christmas halo Surmunding the
ports Ruth Beetlestone '54. Presi- Sparkling Fate of Kenneth Rob-
dent. The Bishop of the Diocese of e” E Lee Stilwell. In the true
Albany, the Right Reverend Fred— Si‘im 01’ giVing. “Stitch” (and
erick L. Barry, attended this func- he 13 a stitch!) has donated his
tion, which climaxed the Club's hillr for 36-50 ‘0 buy his girl-
activities for this first semester. friend it Present-

I’romoter I’latt La Comb (now
La "Razor"; Stitch has little use
for a comb in any form) collect-
ed the donations for his willing
martyr from the scalp-happy
Sayles-men, plus a 50c commis-
sion for himself.

iVllv’hat a man won’t do for a
gr. Some of them sell their
  blood, some shave their heads.

. . Alld for a glittering bracelet
Yuletide Dinners

on her arm, a girl might be able

to endure a glittering head on
Pierce and Newman Halls will
hold theil annual Christmas clin-

her shoulder for a sllort while.
Though Stitch’s feat (or should
ners Wednesday evening, Brubncher
on il night to be announced later.

Plans are to be formulated in the
near future for Canterbury Club's
second semester program. This
program will include a series of
Lenten l..eetings, states Miss
Beetlestone.

we say “head"?) may seem un-
usual, he is actually following a
precedent . . . his own! He lost
his head, rather his hair, once
before, in sixth grade. He isn't
afraid of catching a cold and
says, “I haven't felt this good
since the time I ran away to the
circus."

The Pierce Hall girls will dille
by candlelight, with Mrs. Brilllmer
as honored guest. After dinner, the
girls will adjourn to their social
room for a party. Santa Claus
will be there to distribute the gifts
and curoling will follow. The party
is under the chairmanship of Allll

Vigilante '55. vice-president and Committees Discuss

social director of the dorm.

Priests of the surrounding urea Governmental Plans
will be guests at the Newman din— , ,
ner. announces Norma Banficld '54. mm, RCPWSCMMWC Governian
The dinner will be u sellli—i‘ormill C"””“,”L°Cv “Pimiiited by Stlidelit
affair and the girls will be elitcr- 0011mm had 1‘ .101“L iiieetihié'. iiC~
tnilled by short talks by each of "Owing to MM." An“ JOhDIJOll '55.
the V15“,ng priests. Acting Secretory. At the joint
meeting. the lllillil committee talked
over the plans formulated at the

Three State Gl'aduates separate sub—coillnlitlee gatherings.
I I I A total of five different government
Receive Commissions

plans were discussed.
Various members expressed opin-
Tile Nnvy's Officer Candidate ions on the type of changes ill the
School, located at Newport. Rllodc sludeni. government that would be
Island, recently graduated its tillr- nlost ucccptublc and beneficial to
teenth class of former enlisted lucn Student Council several weeks ago
and commissioned them as Ellsigns for the purpose of suggesting
ill the Naval Reserve. Included ill changes ill our present student gov-
the group of new officers are: Ell- crnlnellt which would improve it.
signs Jerome Benson. Gary L. Lust your, u silnilur committee ex-
LuGrnilgc. and Donald E. Putlcr- isled, which was disbanded follow-
illilll. all graduates of State (‘oi— ing the vote ill Assembly not to dis-
legc, continue compulsory assemblies. As
_ soon as llil illc government )llliiS
11?:‘llls3iﬂsi, ((lltl'rxi)t;:l‘b(l(l)i(l;ll::l—I and proposed changes are lthor-
 . l”. . .1 ‘i‘ M ‘ ougllly discussed ill collullittce, ll
"WW “1 130-1 Lil-“hi” L“(~"““i«"v report Will be lllilde before Stu-
oi Kirkvilie, received ills BS. dc- (tum, Comp.”

grce ill Physics in 1053. LllGl‘ungc

 

fore ill regular session.

We heard tell the other day Supervisor of Social Studies in the
that D. and A. Council is plan-
ning to bring the Dublin Players

sometime in the

as good.

sponsors them.
Alld that's it for this

All College Revue.

Veterans Elect
Year's Ollicers

The newly-organized Veteran's
Society at State College recently
elected their officers for this year,
announces Robert Jennings '56. Pub-

licity.

The officers are as follows: Pres-
ident. Robert Callender '57; Vice-
President, Bradley Griffin ’56; Sec-
rﬁeitnry-Trensurer, Robert Jennings

The Executive Committee is made
Herbert Fel-
ske '57. Alan Lewis ’57, Geno Sil-
vestri '57, Lee Johnson '56 and
This committee
serves as the nucleus of the group
because seine of the veterans are
commuters, working. or for some
other reason cannot spend much
time on policy-making and other

up of the following:

Mike Owens '55.

general functions.

There will be a meeting today
at 12:35 ill Richardson, Room 20.
The main business will be a dis-
cussion concerning the choice of
There are meet-
ings scheduled weekly at the same
Today‘s meeting
will be the last one before Christ-
veterans are

faculty advisers.
time and place.

inns vacation. All
urged to attend this meeting.

Tilcre are about one hundred
veterans
this year. about thirty of whom
are active in the Veteran's Scolcty.
It is hoped that all veterans who
call, will participate ill the club,
sintcs Robert Jennings.

 

Rice Bldg.
li‘l'lle Dry Cleaning

 

'l‘ei. 62-1152 208 Quail St.

 

 

was a member of Edward E. Potter
Club. Ensign Puiicrlnull. a mem-
ber of the Class of 1952, rcccivcd
ills BA. degree ill English. Pul-
tcrlluul is from Brooklyn, and was
a lllelllbel of Sigma Lambda Sigllul.

 

Felicia’ 8
Beauty Salon

ss-A Na. Lake Me.
«Near Washington Ave.)
"Jn(MY"——Hair Stylist

Telephone 3-970

LOCATED AT

 

WW

CAFETERIA

167 CENTRAL AVENUE
84 STATE STREET

184 STATE STREET

Tonight will see the curtain go
up on Dr. Pettit’s ED. Class pro-
duction of "The Trojan Women.”
Remembering last year’s "offbeat"
"Everyman." and the wonderful job
that was done with it, we hope to
this year, the committee see a large house tonight. You
can get in free on your student tax
card, and the seats are all unre-
served, so come early and get a good

Notes at random: Will it take a Seniors
just the people who act and do the stack of dynamite to blow the Wet introduce the debate and explain 9‘ ca“ made up at Student“ and

’t some of the techniques being used
h to the high school audience.

By the way, this evening’s ED. orary forensic fraternity. has elected

production adds another first to thre t
the theater history of State 001- e S ate couege smdents to

lege. John Rich, son of, Dr. Rich
of the English department, has the
role of the son of Hector in the

The resource person for D _b  H Trojan Women.
this group will be Rev.  a y 

We can't find wh will
any record of this being done be- 0 soon be initiated and

Spring. This SOCiety.
group, while not as well known as
the old Abbey Irish Players. (who
came to this college ill the late
twenties) are reported to be just
They work on a bare
stage, using props only, these props
are supplied by the group who

site for the regional Tau Kappa
Alpha Discussion and Debate Con-
ference in April, 1954.
colleges will enter this event.

NEWS Will Enter
CSPA Conference

' week.
Dont forget the scripts for the

attending State College

 

 

 

Enter Tourney. Faculty Members
with other colleges, by sending four

Medieval Miracle Play
morrow, according to Richard
the Pittsburgh cross-examination swung m mat English Evening of
35 colleges arguing, are: Richard announces prance, L_ Colby, A5.
The “Went” Who Partlmpate‘l in The general theme for the event is
57' vem Kuhamky ’55' James The feature of the evening will

8 ale Debaters English Students,
State College debaters will con-  F ' ' '
clude a semester of in debates an C3thlh¢3
debaters to the University of Pitts-
burgh tournament today and to-
l l O I

Shaper '54, President of Debate   Evcnm'
Council. Representing State at The English department, 1. pm.
debate tourney at which Oxford, 3, e h] -
England, debaters will be among the may}? ﬁrfbxﬁﬁfaﬁﬁl‘tgugg
Shaper, Gloria Migliore, Edward m nt
Lehman and Joanne Doyle, Seniors. F821,“, P3:%? 02‘ tggslgggrm
the assembly debate at Broadelbein
High School are: Richard Clifford Sfiéi‘ifjfﬁyFmsim“ m the mm
Thom n d

pm “ages  mdgﬁfi be a Medieval Christmas play with

faculty. The leads will be played
by Frances Hopkins ’54, as Mary,
and John Orser'55, as Joseph. Phi
Delta Sorority will provide a choral
background with a Yuletide selec-
tion dating from the Middle Ages.
The idea of having a depart-
mental social evening for all English
majors was originated four or five
years ago. Two or three times
each year the faculty and students
of the English department cooper-
atehln planniingg and carrying out
sue on even
Milne School, are the new honorary F01. each '

_ program a general
faculty membe‘s deem“ to the theme is chosen, usually centering
around some period of English lit-
erature «such as Elizabethan or Old
English) or some genre of literary

w i i. -
About 26 lagglig such as sonnets or bal

Tau Kappa Alpha, national hon-

membership, according to JoAnne
Doyle. local President. Gloria Mig-
liore, Marvin Chernoff and Sylvia
Semmler, Seniors, are the students

Robert Reinow, Professor of Social
Studies. and Mr. Clinton Roberts,

Albany has been selected as the

Following the main events of the
Medieval Christmas Program, there
will be an election of Sophomores
and Graduate students to the stand-
ing committee to work on subse-
quent English Evenings. Those
News Board has entered copies people elected will serve on the

of the State College News in the committee as long as they remain
fillﬁilfll Columbia Press Association at State College as English majors.
Co ege
llounces Joyce Surtes ’54, Public Re- is as follows:
lotions Editor.

Newspaper contest. an- This committee, as it stands now,
Frances Hopkins,
John Laing, John Jacobus, Seniors;

This contest is an annual affair Charles Beckwith, Nancy Evans.

in which the News in previous Dolores Montalbano, and Joanne
years, including the last year, has Moore, Juniors.

won a medalistic ratillg, the high-
est ilward given.
bers of the State College News Staff singing of Christmas carols. All
will attend the amlual CSPA con— faculty members of the English
ference ill New York.
ideas will be exchanged with rep- Ellglish minors (by special invita-
reselltatives from other colleges ili ton only) are welcome to attend.
discussion groups.

other highlights of the evening’s
In March, mem- festivities include refreshments and

Journalistic department. English majors, and

The State 001- Miss Colby and her committee

Icge News will be reviewed and promise a very enjoyable evening
receive constructive criticism from for all who participate in the Eng-
associates of Columbia University. lish Evening.

   

for extra
holiday time...

GO BY
TRAIN

Get Home Sooner and Suror. Weather and holiday traiiic delays
can't cut vacation time. The train trip with your crowd is part of
the fun, too. So are those swell dining our meals! And you can
safely stretch vacution’s end to the very last party, yet still get
back to school on time!

Save 25% ot the Coach Fare by traveling home and back with
two or more friends on Group Economy I’lun Tickets. They’re good
on trips of 100 miles or more. (lather a group of 25 or luoro and
you can cur/l save 28". traveling long-distance together on the same
truin . . . tilcll, returning as n group or individually.

Coneutt Your Local Railroad Ticket Agent Well In Advance
0! Departure Date for Detailed Information

EASTERN RAILROADS



 

 

    
  
  

 

 

