Rush. Rush Rush . . .

It’s that time of year again. Come Monday
it will be open season on freshman girls.
Watching and regulating the hunt will be a
most terrifying monster with seven heads,
fourteen clacking tongues andeight pages of
rules. Each head spends its time trying to
devise a way to cut off the other six heads
without weakening itself; the tongues occu-
py themselves with incessant yapping in
pairs about the virtues and faults of their
prey. The eight pages of rules lie in a corner
gathering dust.

While the hunter is thus absorbed in its
own activity, a chameleon posing as its serv-
ant has also been busy. The chameleon has
found for itself a sword, and has been chop-
ping away at the monster’s feet. But since
the monster’s feet are so far removed from
its heads, and are made of marshmallow
anyway, the chopping has been ignored and
not felt. A while ago, the betraying servant
took a swing at one of the monster’s small-
est heads, and injured it. The head was left
bleeding by its six sisters, who were too busy
with preparations for the hunt to pay any
heed to the painful cries. Besides, thought
the others, here was a good chance to elim-
inate some of the competition of the hunt
without hurting the rest of us. They forgot
that, although there are seven heads, there
is only one heart from which the blood was
pumping. So the injured head was forced to
rely on the unfaithful servant, who caused
the injury, to help heal its wounds.

Meanwhile, the hunted have been as ac-
tive as the hunter. Some of the hunted have
withdrawn themselves to a safe place until
the hunting season is over. Others have ac-
cepted the facts of the hunt with good spirit
and are looking forward to Monday. Still
others have anticipated the hunt and have
made up their minds that they want to be
caught. W W

There is still another group. These are
the ones who, by some keen insight, have
recognized the servant as the chameleon
he is. Although they dislike the hunt
and think the dusty eight pages are rules
for a children’s game, they will submit
themselves to the hunt. In this way, they
will become a part of the monster by Febru-
ary, ready to shatter the sword in the hand
of their enemy. These girls will not have
made a choice between escape and capture;
they will have made a choice between justice
and injustice. Those of us not involved in
any way in the chase, and who oppose in
principle the basic idea behind it, cannot
help but to gasp in dismay at the same in-
justice. We ourselves are powerless to take
a stand against it, although its purpose is
to destroy a monster whom we regard as
undesirable. All we can do is warn, again
and again, and hope that our warnings will
jog one of the sleeping brains of the ignor-
ant monster. Although we wish the monster
dead, we will thank his slayer not. He will
have wrought a deed of slander with his
fatal hand.

 

STATE COLLEIE NEWS

mAILIINID IAV III.
IV 'I'HI CHI. 0' III.

 

VOL. XXXVIII November 13, 1953 No. 9

Members of the ma staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 1 in ii pm. at i-asae, Ext. ll. Phones:
more and Ruben a-me; Aahfield, a-em; lldred and aerig.
s-oou; aurtes, a-tm.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State

College for Teachers; published every Friday of the College
par by the NEWS Board for tho student Association.

EVELYN RUBEN - - - - - - - - - - - Iditor-In-Chler

NI ILDIID - - - — - - - - - (lo-leaning Editor
“IL! on! - - - - - - - - - (is-lane lag Iditor
1010! wane - - - - - a - ~ Psblle lslat ass Editor
ALIOI HABIIOIAN - - - - - - - - Circulation Iditor
IDIII'I‘ ABII'IILD - - - - - - - - - - Sports Iditor
I‘ll]. BOHWEIZII. - - - lasiness-Mvertiala Ila-ages
WILLA-D "In - - - - - - - - - - Assoc ato lditsr

 

Ml communications should be addressed to the editor and
last he a nod. Names will bo withhold upon r not.
The ITA’!‘ COLLIOI NIW! assumes so moon liity
for opinions or reload In its columns or counultﬁions
.- snh express one do not nocesssriiy reﬂect its now.

.'

 

 

 

"A?! COLL... NM. FRIDAY. NOVEMIIR 13. 1953

 

 

 

 

 

9%“! WM

By DELOIIES MONTALBANO

 

I think that the time has come
for certain definitions in and about
State College. The definitions I
am thinking of concern specifically
the journalistic area of our campus.
I want to know why our newspaper
is so radically different from every
other newspaper in the United
States. Most Americans look with
pride at the principle upheld in
the Zenger trial. They are justi-
fiably proud of a certain tradition
known as “Freedom of the Press."

 

3W

 

To the Editor:

Last week I submitted a guest
column to the News with the usual
assurance that it would appear in
that week's News. Thursday, too
late for me to revise the article.
even had I wanted to, I was in-
formed that it would not be printed.
The reasons were that one state—
ment I had made was erroneous,
and that the editorial staff dis-
agreed with my opinions. Investi-
gation revealed that my “misinfor-
mation” was merely misunderstand-
ing on the part of the editor. This
can mean only that the article was
rejected because those in a position
of control had disagreed with me.
It is this fact that disturbs me.

Is this standard procedure with
this paper? More important than
the fact that my views were not
aired. is the refusal to print them
because they did not reflect editorial
opinions. In the light of this. I
call for a public statement of News
policy concerning the editorial page,
specifically the Guest Column.

Sincerely,
Nancy Evans '55.

To the Editor:

As you know this past week has
been largely devoted to the fresh-
man class elections. All of the
candidates concerned have put a.
great deal of time into formulating
ideas to present to the class so that
the class might pick the best can-
didate. The ideas of each candidate
must. in his mind. be the best so
that he will be able to convince
the class of his individual merit.
I think that the school will agree
with me on these ideas.

Each candidate is controlled by
the election conunlsslon in the pres-
entution of his idea in campaign
form. He is restricted as to the
type of campaigning he may do to
such an extent that every allowable
device is extremely important. In
this case i am directly referring to
one poster that each candidate is
allowed. Since there is only one
poster allowed, the poster must be
of fine quality. After all this time
was spent on a good poster, it seems
that the people in charge of these

During World War II, we saw these
words written in bold. black print
on innumerable posters, as one of
the Four Freedoms for which we
were fighting. Recently, American
editors from all parts of the country
held a joint meeting to pledge anew
their loyalty to this privilege—this
right. It is one of the democratic
principles which we instill in stu-
dents—a potent source of their pride
in democracy. In short, the Amer-
ican newspaper has been firmly
established on a solid basis of ideals.
which have been firmly planted in
centuries of practice. Have these
ideals been uprooted at State Col-
lege. and if so, why?

One of the aforementioned ideals
is accuracy of information. It seems

that every Friday in assembly, we
can look forward to what has be-
come a standard announcement:
that of correcting erroneous state-
ments made in our weekly publi-
cation. Along these same lines, may
I ask if the old and ancient art of
proofreading is still in existence?

My rose-colored picture of the
newspaper field also led me to be-
lieve that an article written, signed
and stated as personal opinion,
would be published, regardless of
whether or not it conflicted with
the editorial opinion. This far-
fetched illusion has been recently
and completely dispelled.

Another rather old-fashioned no-
tion which I had accepted as Truth.
was that a college newspaper is
generally representative of the en-
tire student body. It is not dom-
inated by an uutocracy or a bu-
reaucracy—or if so, the domination
is kept on a compuratlvoly subtle
plane. It is not usually flagrantly
apparent in bold‘fnce boxes, or in
repetitious columns. I am sm‘e that
one column per subject would suf-
ficc.

In short. I feel that the quality
of our newspaper is far from ex-
emplary, and that we should strive
for hnmcdiutc improvement of the
situation. I realize that the publi-
cation of a newspaper is a mo-
mentous task. It is a task which
is especially difficult for persons
who do not yet have sufficient ex-
perience in the field. These per-
sons should be connnended for even
attempting a job such as this. How-
ever. u. sign of greatness in any
individual is the ability to realize
the value of others' opinions, and
to incorporate suggestions which
may be worthwhile. The very pub-
lication of this column is proof
that the powers-thut-bc do hold
some of these truths to be self-
evident. It offers a glimmer of
hope, which I am sure will be ex-

fOoMtaued on Page 4, Ooh!) pended in the not too distant future.

 

Gama-3141a

By OOSABOON Ind WEBB

 

‘

SPEAK UP

We wish that people from whom we are getting
second hand comments would either write us or the
Editor of the State College Newa. We welcome criti-
cism; we want to make the column as close as
possible to that which you want. A more direct
approach would be more effective than covered mun-
terings by student or faculty.

PRO AND CON

All State Day last week came off quite nicely. The
faculty ball club, led by Batterin’ Benton and Wal-
lopin’ Winn, put in a fine performance for their
team. For a while it looked as if they might have
trouble, but after a half-time apple, their game
polished up considerable. In the evening, the enter-
tainment was generally good under the direction of
Miss Catherine Newbold and Roberta Stein. The
The two little kids who edged their way into the
event took the place of the scheduled faculty enter-
tainment. Incidentally, it looked bad when the kids
were encouraged to disrupt the program. With
approximately 300 potential teachers in the room
it seems that one of them could have exercised some
of his recently acquired psychology to the advantage
of the entertainers as well as the faculty and student
on-lookers.

IS THIS ART?

Arthur Lennig ‘55, hoped to be a very versatile
man last week. In addition to writing his own blurb
for the State College News, in which he mentioned
his own name or some variation of it eight times,
he also put on a display in the Friday Assembly.
Sometimes individualism acts as a rationalizing term
for glory-hounding. The gentleman has scheduled a
return performance today in Assembly. Ah! Democ-
racy!

ATTENTION ALL FROG S

Under the auspices of Student Comicil, a search
is on for new school songs. We can use a few to
replace the puddly-wuddly type now prevalent. It's
going to be a joint faculty-student venture with all
help gladly welcomed.

SOMETHING WITHOUT “TRADITION”

The freshman rally went over well on Wednesday
night. The two-minute speeches that previously have
been given in class meetings have been insufficient
to base a vote on. In addition to a longer campaign
speech by each candidate, there was also a question
and answer period. Although there is not too much
beyond the ability to verbalize that can be proven by
one of these rallies. it is. nevertheless, a step forward.

MISS DEAL

State will have its annual Fall fashion parade to-
day. when five of '54's cuties will trot across Page's
stage. They'll all be strong in their relative suits,
but we think that we will bid two tweeds and hope
that this trick will win. We've spaded for all the
information, but finesse as we may, diamonds are
still a girl's best friend.

TIIE CURTAIN CLOSES

Rivalry draws to an early close tomorrow. thn
we compare this system with years past, it's u bit
of a question why other classes allowed inter-class
competition to continue for so long. The benefits
to be gotten from rivalry can be realized without
stringing the events over the whole school year.

LEFTOVERS

Wonder who's doing all this publicity for the iihn
at the Ritz? Since when are Draper blackbonrds
supposed to blurb producers. dates, etc? . . . the
usual tablecloth doodlers have gone one step lowor 7
writing on the Student Union tables—Please, people
have to cut from those things . . . the seniors and
the Sophs will be soaking up ice cream Sodas Campus
Night at the local East—European Club . . . Sororin
rushing commences on Monday of next week. iiuvc
matches, smiles, and it constantly empty slonnu-h

handy for those lunches and other gain ui'i‘uirs. Scc
ya in February, boys . . . Whatever happened to the
train lists that were supposed to have been posted

a week and u half ago?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11

12:00 noon—Veterans Society. Richardson 21).
2:00 p.lll.—SOCCL‘1‘ Game, Bevcrwyck.

8:30 p.m.——SLS Dutc Party.

9:00 p.lll.——SOCCL‘l‘ Dunce, Brnbucher.

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1‘).

10:00n.1n.~Rivulry Events. Dorm Fluid.
7:30 p.m.—~Cinnpus Duy Skits. Pinn- Hull.

SUNDAY. NOVEMBER [3

10:45 am. All State Sunday. St. Alull't'w's I‘llilhl'ophl
Church.

3 -f) p.1n.~- Phi Delta Faculty 'l‘cu.

3 - ii pinml’si (hunmu Faculty ’l‘eu.

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17

3:30 pm. Forum Meeting, Draper 340.
7:30 p.m.~~>Pi Omega l’i Invitation, llruhuclwr.
0:30 pm --“Picturu." Page l'lull Auditorium.

 

Vets Will Meet
Today At Noon

The Veterans Society will meet
today in Room 20, Richardson, at
12:35 pm, according to Robert
Jennings ’56, Publicity Director. At
this meeting, the following order of
business will be followed: Election
of officers and Executive Commit-
tee, collection of annual dues, re-
port of the Steering Committee to
the newly elected officers and the
membership, and further discussion
of the Physical Education and
Health examinations for veterans.

At the previous meeting of the
Veterans Society, conducted the
evening of November 9. in Bru-
bacher Hall, Jennings presided in
the place of the absent A1 Finkle-
stein. There were. twenty-five
members in attendance.

The membership voted to change
the Society’s regular meeting time
from Wednesday, at 12 noon, to
Friday at 12:35 pm. Further nom—
inations were called for, and the
final list of nominations was com-
pleted. Candidates for office are:
President, Robert Callender and Lee
Johnson; Vice President. A! Lewis,
Michael Owens, and Gino Silvestri;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Robert
Jennings and Herbert Felske. Al
Finklestein was forced to withdraw
from the presidential race due to
curricular commitments.

Myskania Issues List
OI Several Warnings

Myskaliia has released the follow-
ing list of freshmen who have rc-
ceived two warnings, according to
Kathleen Anderson ‘54, Chairman
of freshman warnings:

Joseph Anderson, Paul Bertan,
Robert Bloomer, Theodore Chef‘-
winski, Freidu Ortiz, Natalie Pa-
pariah.

Warnings are given to freshmen
who commit violations of college
traditions, as stated in the Fresh-
man Handbook. When a. student
receives three warnings he has to
apologize to Student Assembly.

 

- tum. 

"AT! COLLIOI rem. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 13. 1953

6:1»an 2W 0W

 

The five candidates for Campus Queen are: Row one, June Harring-
ton, Kathleen Oberst, Mary Murry; Row twm Jean Rasey. Madeline Payne.

One of the oldest and most hon-
ored traditions at State will reach
a climax tomorrow night with the
coronation of this year's Campus
Queen. From the bevy of beauties
pictured above, the judges will se-
lect a queen to reign over the hearts
of the assembled student body for
the coming year.

Surrounded by a court composed
of two “femmes fatales" from the
freshman, Sophomore. and Junior
classes and her four Senior com-
petitors, the queen will make her
majestic march to the stage of the
Page auditorium to receive her glit-
tering diadem from last year's
queen, Jeanne Corigliano.

Amid the cheers of the gathered
throng. the queen and her court
will observe the last efforts of the

fresh and Sophomores in Rivalry;
the presentation of the Campus Day
Skits. A shimmering queen will pre-
sent a shining cup to the winner
of the Campus Day activities.

Gasps of joy will rise from the
threats of the members of the vic-
torious class, while all that will be
issuing forth from the losers will
be dolorous sighs of disappointment.
However, there will also be much
cheering and much good fellowship
as the successful Rivalry comes to a
conclusion.

Another Campus Day passed, an-
other Campus Queen chosen, an-
other familiar tradition enriched
with another memory, as all classes.
from the frosh to the Seniors, look
back upon the day with nostalgia
and happiness.

’Mariin LutherI
Opens Al Ritz

The Ritz Theatre is showing the
film “Martin Luther” and is giving
College students a discount on both
matinee and evening performances.
There are discount slips, which can
be obtained in the Registrar’s Of-
fice, allowing a reduction of fifteen
cents on matinees and thirty cents
for evening performances.

The movie will be shown at the
following times: 10:42, 12:32, 2:22,
4:12, 5:02, 7:52, 9:42. Sunday per-
formances start at 2 pm.

The prices, including the reduc-
tions, will be as follows: matinees,
$.74; evenings, $.90.

The story was filmed in Germany
and the title role is played by Niall
MacGinnes, British actor, who heads
the cast of 500 who were selected
from seven countries.

The film tells the story of the
16th century monk who defied ex-
communication and the stake in
his demand for religious reform.

The part of Luther's wife, Kath-
erine von Bora, is played by Annette
Carell.

Frosh Candidates
Campaign AI Rally

A freshman rally, sponsored by
Hilltop House, was held Wednes-
day night in the upper lounge of
Brubacher, at which time the five
candidates for president of the
freshman class gave speeches before
a fairly large group. The chairman
was Samuel Kelly ’56.

The speakers were: Edward Jones.
Clyde Payne, Peter Booke, Law-
rence “Sam” Hackett, and Joseph
'l‘aggcrt. Each candidate expressed
his desire for better class unity,
elimination of cliques, and the will-
ingness to devote all energies for
the class.

The candidates stated their pre—
vious experience which they felt
qualified them for the position of
president, along with stating briefly
their platforms.

Classes To Hold
Informal Parties

On Campus Day

Freshmen Will Vote
For Officers Today

The classes are planning in-
formal partlea for Saturday evening,
following the Campus Day Skits.
The freshman class will elect their
officers for the year in Assembly
today.

Seniors and Sophomores will join
in a social gathering after the
Campus Day Skits tomorrow eve-
ning, reports John Aliasio, Senior
Class President. The students will
gather at the Polish American Club.

The Juniors and the frosh will
conduct a Soiree, also after the
Skits, according to Robert Coan,
Junior Class President. All inter-
ested class members should sign up
at the desk in lower Husted. Coan
further states that John Orser will
soon be starting work on the Jun-
ior Prom, and wishes any Junior
interested in working on committees
to contact him immediately.

Election of freshman officers will
take place in Assembly today, re-
ports Patrlcia Dean '54, freshman
class guardian. All absentee bal-
loting for these elections will be
conducted Friday, before and after
Assembly, and Saturday in lower
Husted.

Fellowship Journalist

Will Address Forum

Forum will feature a speaker at
its next meeting on Thursday after-
noon at 3:30 pm. in Draper 349,
according to Frank Shepard '54,
Publicity Director.

Mrs. Helge Press, who has been
studying in the United States on
a fellowship, will speak on “Unifi-
cation of Germany? No!" Mrs.
Press is the wife of a German
sociologist and former political jour-
nal editor.

 

 

ﬂy WWW“
gag f/avor

 

 

 

How the stars
got started

LIZABETH SCOTT says: "i
got my theatrical training in the
school of hard knocks. Summer
stock first. “[10: I sat for " months
its on umlcrsiutly. I stuck it out -—
mulled, posed for fashion pictures.
’l'hcn. signed for a tiny ﬁlm part.
I was switched to leading lady.
My career haul begun!"

  
  

LOVELY
MOVIE STAR

Cm

THEY SUIT MY TASTE BETTER
22:5: THAN OTHER CIGARETTES I'VE

l CHANGED TO CAMELS
BECAUSE lN EVERY WAY

TRIED. l SUGGEST
you my CAMELS!

K. i ,,\_.,g—a..».,r.»....r..  . .  .< «

     
     
   
   
   
 
      
  
   
  
 

 
   
 
  
     

"‘~._1_' u/

is AGREE rm MORE PEOPLE

THAN ANY OTHER CIGARETTE i

7

Start
>" .
5 smoking
.J
A: Camels
a
m yourself 1
0 Smoke only (:mncls for 50
E; duys and find out why
a: (.‘umcls are first in mi'ii
L)

ncss, ﬂavor and popularity!
Sec how much pure pleasure

 

u cigarette run gm.- you!

 

 

 

    

sears—wees

 

