 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

Another Hearing, Plcuel

Last night and this past Monday, state College Ath-
letic Advisory Board, the body which formulates in-
tercollegiate athletic policy, held open hearings for
the purpose of reviewing its proposed budget for ’53--
’54. To our way of thinking, these hearings were
sparsely attending considering the amount of money
involved—$14,375. We cannot think that the majority
of our usuain frugal-minded SA wishes to accept
such expenditures without question; therefore, it is
our conclusion that SA does not remember that two
years ago it voted away from itself all power of bud-
getary review over athletics, other than in such hear-
ings. This budget needs only administrative approval
to go into effect, and its effect will be a s3 increase
in your student tax if such approval is granted. As
of last night, your voice in the matter was ended;
however, we request that AA Board schedule and pub-
llcize thoroughly another such hearing in the near
future. Two hearings with all the facts and figures
presented we do not consider to be a sufficient airing
of the subject, but when six interested people show
up at one of them with vital questions to be ans-
wered and find no one there sufficiently familiar
with the budget to answer them, there is definite
need for a replacement hearing if nothing else.

The budget itself represents partial financial in-
corporation of two of the policies listed in the policy
report read earlier in the year in Assembly: “Provis-
ion should be made for a constant supply of clean
and sanitary wearing apparel" - - - the Laundry and
Basic Supply Issue totalling $2,068; and “Establish-
ment of a Bureau of Athletic Public Relations” to re-
cruit high school students outstanding in athletics
who show promise as future teachers - - - partially
set up under Athletic Public Relations at approxi—
mately $756.

Earlier this year AA Board brought its complete
policy statements to Student Council and requested
the Council's opinion on them. Though no vote was
taken, Council in general appeared to feel that the
policies as such were a fine idea, but that it was dif-
ficult to disassociate the policy from the price, and
that in considering the price, it was difficult to do
so without relating it to the total budget.

In looking over the breakdown of this $14,375. it
is easily seen that, were it desired to cut the budget.
it would be difficult to do. You can't say don't send
so many men on a trip—a team requires a certain
number of men. You can't say don’t spend so much
on food—athletes must have proper meals. You can't
say don’t buy so much equipment—proper equipment
is necessary for safe and successful athletic compe-
tition. And so on through the budget, each item ap-
parently justified by the principle behind it. and yet
many lines leaving us wondering if the principle is
worth quite so much. money-wise. to the students of
the College as a whole.

With one area, however. we will very definitely take
issue here. Various lines of the budget include pro--
visions for $112.50 to pay five students to collect and
sell tickets, $765 to pay two student assistants in the
public relations area (these to work 20 hours per week)
and $378 to pay one student for issuing and collect-
1ng laundry supplies. This gives us a total of $1,246.50
which SA is being asked to pay to eight of its mem-
bers. Athletic Board will never justify to us the ex-
penditure of that money to pay student help!
“Dirty jobs." they call them, “jobs of drudgery." We
wonder just how many students of the College devote
their time to just such jobs simply because they
happen to have a keen interest in some phase of
SA actlivtics. Perhaps no full comparison can be
drawn. however. we feel that if there are not enough
students sul‘t’iicently interested in the promotion of
athletics to devote their time free to such jobs. then
let athletics remain curtailed! You can substitute one
way locks on the fire doors to the gym and rotate
your five men on the other two doors so that no one
must spend much time there. Ten students working
an unreasonable demand upon time. Lastly, we see
four hours a. week ezwh could take the place of your
two-man public relations department, and that is not
no reason why the athletes themselves cannot check
their supplies in and out at specified times if it were
required of them.

SA, as a voting assembly, you have no power over
the proposed AA budget. However, if you yell long
enough and loud enough. we are confident that your
voice will reach higher authorities! And. how about it.
AA Board—let's have another hearing.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I9 I 6

BY THE CLABI OP lDIB

 

VOL. XXXVII April 24, 1953 No. 23

Mcmln-ra of lln- NEWS stuff may be reached ‘I‘ui-ndny
and \Vl-Ilm-sduy from 7 in ii p. Ill. ul 13-3320, Exl. ll.
l'ilonl-s l'i-lil‘u', '1 332:”: lilulllnun. 2-1774“; lx'ouzcwsiri, 085117;
Milj'illllu, Nil Il:li'.': llrczinsky, il‘J-liii'i'J: l'lull. atoms.

The umll-rgruduull- nuwspupor of lilt'. .\'-~w York State l‘ol-
p-wl fur ’l‘nm-Inlrs: published every Friday of line l‘olllvgc
your by [No NEWS llourli for [he Slulli-nl .Issociulion
li.\|lll.\lt:\ l.\('E ‘ - - - - - - Edllor-ln-(‘llluf
lll'3\"\‘ llilSZl‘H‘Hltl - - - - f'ci-Alilllllulng l-lllllor
EH'I‘III'ZII \l.\\.\ltl.\' - I < - - ('o-Munnuinu Editor

"  - - ('o-l‘ublio lteiutlonu Editor

 

 
   

I.\l‘l':'l‘ll I"l..\ll

l.l.| . - - (‘o-I'ullllo Ilolllllolm Editor
,\I|l‘2l. lll..\‘l"l'\|.\N - - - - - - - - — Hporin Editor
llllltls Illilll'lll'l‘I — r - - - - Senior Sports Member
Jillllll\l‘l NUDE!" - llunlnnnu-Adrortlnllm Manager
\l\lt\l'Ll.l.l-;\ H.(il.l-2It - - - - - (‘Iroulution Manager
Ill'lllllll. \HHHI\I.\\‘ - - - - - v - llxclnmgo Editor
lltl'2\l-. Ilil,lllll':l) - - - ~ ‘ - - - Associate Editor

5\l.l.\ iil‘lflfi - - » - ~ Auuoolutn Editor
JilH'li H'l RTE -l\amcluio Editor

5. . . _ . . . . ..
IriSl'E EDITORS: Aslil‘lcld, Moore, Rcltz, Ruben. Zucli

 

.\u. ... mum mum.” simply. lm addressed lo the cllllor illlll
lllilnl Iu- mun-ll \lllllt'n will he within-ill upon l'l‘lllit‘ﬂl
'l‘lu- N‘l'A‘I'Il will! ill; NEWS nnnunwa no responsibille
fur ullllllulh w\prm.~.-.l in Us columns or I‘Illllllillllit'ullllllr
.i. nllt'll t'h Il'I‘nnlllli' Ilu nol necessarily reflect ilu yll-w

 

-3

 

 

arms causes NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 24, 1953

 

 

And now for the Myskania candidates . . .

 

A Prize

 

Tomorrow evening will see the un-
wrapping of State's first All-Col-
lege Revue, the gift left to our school
by a departing senior last year
This gift is quite a prize package.
The wrappings and ribbons 100K
like untold hours of work—hard
work—by the director and her as-
sociates. But underneath the wrap-
pings, the inside looks like personal
ambition, expressed in the original
introduction of the motion, and
after its passing. in the subsequent
actions of persons associated with
its production. How about looking
at a few facts inside the box?

Last Spring a motion was intro-
duced to eliminate Big Fours and
to put in their place an All-Col-
lege Revue. This motion passed
Student Association, after many
people put up many vigorous argu-
ments in assembly in its favor.
Next, a committee was set up to
organize plans and initiate action
for an Ail—College Revue. The sum
of $300 was laid aside from the
treasury for any expenses entailed
in the production. Then the com-
mittee called for scripts .After ex—
tending the original deadline for
handing in these scripts. the com-
mittee received lamentany few of
them. However. a choice was made.
and a director was chosen; the
wheels began to grind out the ma-
chinery of a! All-College production.
And the grind has indeed been long
and hard.

From the first day of tryouts it
looked as though the enthusiasm
that had permeated those in favor
of the Revue had (lied an awful
death. Turnout for the tryouts was
small. and those who did turn out
were discouraged by the fact that
persons attempted to assume posi-
tions of importance not rightfully
theirs. When rehearsals were under
way, valuable time was wasted by
the poor attendance at them. You
can‘t put on a show that was writ-
ten to get everyone in when only a
few work for it. But if the results

By MARY ANN JOHNPOLL

Package

 

are not as successful as they could
be, blame will fall unjustly on the
director and the hard core of the
cast, the people who wanted the
Revue and were willing to work for
it. This is not to say that no work
has been done. for there has been
a lot of long, hard work put into
this. Much work was put into the
chosen script. for which credit is
due. But authorship does not mean
directorship. or should not. The co—
operation has not been at all what
it should be. Less than one week
before a performance is a little too
late to stay away from reharsals.
But this has been the existing situa-
tion—not a cheerful one. It has not
been fair to the cast members who
have worked. learned their lines. re-
hearsed songs. and done any extra
work necessary. But where were all
the people who raved about doing

away with class productions for the.

sake of an all-school show? Where
is the uinty that was supposed to
come from the production of an All-
College Revue?

A show such as the one which will
be presented tomorrow evening is no
place for personal glory. Everyone
tolng his own part is sufficient to
result in a good production. but the
ambitions of any person or persons
can result in much discord. Shakes-
peare put it. "Striving to better. off
we nar what '3 well."

l‘omorrow should see the opening
of a virtual “Pandora‘s Box" when
the curtains open to reveal “Little
Known Facts" to the audience. It
is a box that contains work done
by some, personal desires of others.
and too much of nothing done by
too many people. When Pandora
opened her box, the result was a
visitation f0 sickness and unhapplr
ness to many people. "Little Known
Facts‘ 'may bring a comparative re—
sult or it may be a. step in the di-
rectlon of a worthwhile endeavor.
It is hard to say now, but tomor—
rcw night will tell.

 

7mm, in

— by Joyce

Benny Goodman and Louis Arm-
strong, playing together for the first
time, will make a concert appear-
ance at the RP! Field House next
Wednesday at 8:45 p. m.

Goodman, "The King of Swing."
has rc-orgunlzcd his famous jazz-
band of the late '30s. Sonic renown-
ed lnclnbcrs of the build arc Gene
Krupa. Ziggy lliimun and 110ch
Ward, Goodman's first vocalist. who
has come out of rctlrcmcnt for this
tour. Armstrong's group includes
such men as Cozy Colc, Joc Bush-
kln and Barney lilgard. An lid-lib
session between (loodmun and Arm-
strong will highlight the perform-
once.

The NYS'I‘C television show, which
is seen ovrr Wll(lIl-’I'V cvcry Fri-
day at 11 u. 111., today is featuring
Dr. Mathew Elbow, Assistant Pro-
lcssol‘ of social studies, Ratty
Coopcr. tlrud. and Irene Dick ’53
as members of u panel discussion on
ltatly’s impressions of the. United

  

71w 7am

DIAMANT ——‘———
States. They will discuss Rattv‘s
nativc country. Pakistan. the role of
women there, and Ratty's role when
she rciurns.

The Octuvo Slngcrs are present-
ing Verdi‘s "Requiem" tonight at
the Union College Memorial Chu-
pcl. The presentation will be con-
ducch by Gordon Mason. Accompa-
nlsts urc quncttc Odasz, pianist.
and Duncan Trotter Gillespie, orga-
nist. The performance begins at ll
p. m. Tickets are $1.50 for adults
and 60c for students. and may be
purchased from Dorothcu Cherub!-
m '54.

Radio Council's disc-jockey show.
"Muslcully Speaking," will fcuturc
sclcctlons from Sigmund Rombcrg'..
"lJcscrt. Song" Saturday ovcr WAliY
at 2:30 p. m.

The Delaware is now showing
‘Mcmbcr of the Wedding" starring
Ethel Wiltors, Julie llurrls and
Brandon dc Wilde, members of the
original Broudwuy production cost,

 

 

Gammon-3141a

By DUSTER. and ROSTER ___

 

QUICK CHANGE

Even though some tradition is being dropped, we
certainly approve of Myskania revision of Moving
Up Day program. A lot of the "interesting", but boring
and time consuming announcements, that make Page
Hall warmer and more uncomfortable than it really
is. have been eliminated to leaVe only fine thoughts
of that memorable occasion.

UNDER OBSERVATION

Our Plattsburgh friends were quite amazed at thc
condition of our cafeteria and Commons. Up in tin-
North country, the kids take care of their dirty dishes
and refuse. Perhaps there will be a reformation when
the disposal unit and smoking stands which Student
Council has purchased arrive. We've got our fingers
crossed!

INITIATIVE

With the approval of our coaches. Bob strouber, u
member of the freshman class has taken the initia-
tive to formulate and carry out plans for the illitiu~
tion of golf as an intercollegiate sport at State. Gath—
ering arounrl fifteen enthusiasts. he has made ar-
rangements with the neighboring colleges for exhibi-
tion matches. He has even arranged with the National
Golf Foundation for awards to be presented to thc
winners of this intramural tournament to be held in
May. An “A” for initiative!

COLD CASH

We wonder how many people realize that the Ath—
letic Association Budget will be an automatic addi-
tion to the student tax and not another group of
lilies which we can vote down in assembly. A.A.
wanted the opinions of Student Association and sit
dates for four open-hearings. The attendance was
comparatively small. Even though the majority of
those who did attend were people interested in nih-
letics, there were discrepancies found in the budch
which could not be explained to satisfaction. Is rc-
vision necessary?

KING PINS

Now that nominations and declinations are all in
for next year's leaders, some people are finding it
difficult to rcvcai the natural smile which they nor-
ially carry the whole year through for fear of being
accused of campaigning. In some instances thcrc
might be legitimate cause for this “guilt”. but let‘s

not forget that there are capable individuals who have
sincere motivations.

()N THE BALL

Student Board of Finance . . . ‘doing the finest
and most thorough job of investigation of proposed
budgets in the six years that I have acted as faculty
adVISor to that board" . . . Student Union Board .
Television viewing is at new heights thanks to the
purchase of a new television stand . . . Myskania .‘L'
Student Council . . . having recommended new poli-
cies for the administration of examinations.

A HINT TO BE RED!
If you ever go to dine,
In a tavern on Route nine.
There's a banner on the wall,
Which belongs up in our hall.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 24
8:00 pm. Newman Hull Open House
8:30 pm. Phi Delta Date Party

SATURDAY. APRIL 25

9:00 am. Business Education Conference, Draper
349

5:30 pm. Psi Gummu Mollicr-Dmightcr Bunqucl.
Herbert's.

8:30 pm. All-College Rcvuc, Page

9 to l a.m. Poitcr Club Formal, Auranin (.‘lub

SUNDAY, APRIL 20

3:00 pm. APA ll‘ornlul Initiation

.1200 p.111. Coffcc iiour, lirubuchcr

MONDAY. Al’ltll. 2'7

12:00 noon IVCI“ Elections. Draper 205)

3:30 p.111. Dill Club Mcclmg, Drupcr H'l
'l‘llllltSllAY, APRIL 30

12:00 noon lVCF Spcukcr. Draper Hi

‘230 l).ill. Newman Club May Day Rally
7:30 pm. SCA Meeting, iirubucher

"It-i5 p.m. Pi (lununu Mu Banquet, Brubachcr

 

Religious Clubs
Plan Elections;

May Day Rally

Newman Club will hold a May Day
Rally Thursday, instead of the reg- to be held on Ma

ular bl-monthly meeting, announces vised by the judicial body on recom-

Patricia Butler '53, President. IVCF‘ mendation of last
will sponsor Reverend Paul Corne- The changes in

Iius as guest speaker on the same gram include the elimination of De-
day at 12 noon. in Room 141, Draper, partincnt Clubs. Honorary and Res-

announces William Whitwer ’53. idence Council an
President.

a Benediction service by Father Of its llwal'dn ll

Richard Dlneen, which starts at 7:30 Awal'w" to "Edward Eldred POttt‘l‘

pm. at the Newman Hall Chapel. Award" in Older

After the Benediction. there will be that all Senior men are eligible. re-
l he gardless of fraternity affiliations.

a guest 5 eaker, whose name wil ‘
posted onpthe Newman Club bulletin A150v the Athletlc
board in lower Draper. ha

The Club will also sponsor a May
Day parade on Friday. May 1, at
6:30 pm. The group plans to con—

nouncements.
In the evening,

Rose on Western Avenue at 6:15 pm.
All Catholics are welcome to march
with the Newman Club. states Miss
Butler.

The parade will end in the park
in front of the Capitol Building.
where the group. along with other

Sophomores and
sister classes.

Myskania Alters
MUD Schedule;

Llsis Activities

The schedule for Moving Up Day.

revision also includes the request to
The Mm, Day RallV wlll follow Potter club that it change the name

s been added to the list of an-

gram has been cut down to include
,. _ - lle .e of SL the Alma Mater, one old class song .
Elegnte behind the CO g from the Juniors and Seniors. 9. class Barry Dellaflora, Ami Columbc,
ﬁght song and a song from the

The costumes worn on Moving Up
Day are as follows: Senior women
will wear caps. gowns. stockings and

 

STAT! COLLIGI NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 24. 1933

‘ . Ream ﬁction 51w!

y 9. has been re—
years’ Myskania.
the morning pro-

nouncements. The

ow “Potter Club

to make it clear

Association Board

the singing pro-

 

PAGI .8

Science Students
Will Assemble

For Conference

High School Entrants
will Present Exhibits

The Eastern Zone, New York state
Science Teachers Association Will
sponsor the Fifth Annual, Eastern
New York Science Congress-here to-
morrow. Co-chairmen. Mary J. War-
ren of Philip Schuyler High School,
Albany and Marvin Pryor. Professor
of Physics at State. announce that
prizes will be awarded in all sections;
Grand Prize Awards will be given to
Senior: Division Entrees.

Junior and-Senior High ,School
entrants will submit exhibits and
demonstrations. The three high
school seniors who present the best
demonstration-talks will be eligible

.: ' for the All-College Revue are: Pat Byme, Don Voellingcr,
Rem "3mg Roberta Stein, and Ross Hack.

 

 

 

freshmen to their

Myskania, SC Submit Suggestions

. ‘ I .
Catholics of Albany. will may for heels" Senior me“ Will Wear mp5 Concerning Exams To AdMIHIStI'atlon

world peace.

Nominations for next year's of-
ﬁcers of Newman Club are open un-
til lhe next meeting on April 30. The
list of nominees is posted on the
Newman Club bulletin board in low-
er Draper.

carry a cane. Jlil

a cane. Sophomox
a white skirt and

Whitwer.

suits, tic, arm band, hat and carry

, er of their class color, socks and their

Election or limit Year's IVCF 0i: beanies. Sophomore men will wear
ﬁcers will be held next Monday,Apri. whlle Shirts. dark trousers. a neck_
27. lll R001“ 209 at 12 “00” 51“!“ lie the color of their class, and their
bcanlcs. Freshmen women will be. tests'me sludent bodiesrecommend-

and gowns. The Junior women will
be dressed all in white and wear
stockings, an arm band, a hat and

Recommendations w I
kunla this week on what policy

ere forthcoming from Student Council and Mys-
these bodies think the Administration

“or men Will we“ should follow in dealing with examinations. The policy report, requested

‘e women will wear
a blouse or sweat-

In consideration of the giving of

dressed in “'him' and Wear Socks' ed that either all department heads

Freshmen men

English Teachers

Plan Conference

tie and their bea

as follows: On

shirts. dark trousers, a yellow bow

flats. and a yellow bow in their hair be requested to turn in ﬁnal exams

will wear white , l
and put them on ﬁle in a central lo-

nlcs. cation available to all students. or

Til? lll'Osl'lllll f01' the ceremonies is that, if instructors wish to keep their

saturday morning exams for reuse, they make provision

The New York 5mm Englisn can" the “ms Win form at 9 am' and be- for checking each student before he

forencc, consisting of allihc English gm marching at 9:30 am. The“
teachers of the state of New York men. will be singing of the Alma

leaves the examination room. In the

from “10 I‘ll‘llll‘llllll’l’ 5011001 ‘0 “l9 Mater, a welcome by the Student latter case. it was also recommended
Concge ICWI' will conduct “5 21"" ASSOCimiO“ Pl‘eSident' Class Speak' that in cases where it is known that
nual COlllel-L-[lt‘o Friday and Siltlly- “rs. aml announcements of Slgnum an exam is m circuumon the delmrb

(lily. Mill 1 all“ ‘3 ill Si‘l‘llCUSC- 111" Laudis, Commuters Club. Junior

nounces Anita Dunn, Instructor in (lumps Captains.
English at Millie. All English meth-- Rollglous clubs,

ods students. both first and second of ll“. Edward Elm-ed potter Awnl-rl
semester. and all ﬁrst and second “ml ll”. Scholarshlp Cup

,, , . . .. u - 1_ ‘
suntstcr student tcathms me we. .1 he “wmbemo

ment request the instructor to give

Alumni Counselor.
an altered exam.

and the awarding

Another point under the giving of
tests was the proctoring systennit
{me new MySkﬂn“ was recommended Iil'SL, that still.-

llome to attend this confellgm-o. Wm mm be slapped” in the tmdb CM” HOCLUFS DC Noam”, second,
interested should contact Miss mm “(mm and impressive manner. The mm me smwmem‘s wucemmg W

for complete details.

second group of announcements will 1’05”ng Del-5mm, propel-W m ll“.

The key “‘)9“‘““'S R? the. 00ml“: “"1”th 33m”) Conoge Newsv Drama“ from of the room be read prior to
mm, will be b5 1' H-‘l‘idk‘mdi’.  “l lCS llllll All COllllClL AA Board. MUM“ ilil exams, tniruly. that departmcmal
author in lho llold oi semantics. ant calmly pedagogue‘ suylclenl Unllm Homo“ De “hem. um, lust ma,

. .., . n . . l5.
Wdlltll Knox, Assistant Comm 5 Emmy Campus

COlllllllSSlOllv alld definite stations be assigned to

Hume“ No“, York 8mm Educauon Junior Marshals. There will also be ppm-mm

Dcpurlmcnl. lhedunglcon  H“, “million?” 1)}
will be John Mason IO\\ll, .lu J outgoing Seniors.

antlng of ivy by the '
Il‘urther. Myskania and Connor!

and Him" “ml (“Humming edit“:- Thc evening program will start asked that some change in policy on

of "Saturday Review."

with the presentation of skits fol- cxuln books, now usually blue, be

Pun“ (“‘CHSMOHS m” be conchwt‘ lowed by the singing of the Alma nuluc.'lhcy suggested that either the
(-(l throughout the coult‘l‘l‘llcc- Panel Mutcr nlid class songs. The cercmo- color of the books be changed from
leaders from “1“ low] are” “‘m i"! nlcs will conclude with the singing M'illoslcl' to semester, or that the
Rmmm Monmonu‘ry' Instrumm' m of traditional songs and the award books be stamped with the date or

English :1! Milne. and Hugh Smith. 01. mu Rivalry Cups

supervisor nl Milne. MOIILROIIIL‘l'Xn

panel will discuss “English Lilli-
gungcArts."whllcSmilh‘spunclwni Classes Make Plans

discuss "English Language Arlx from
the ’l‘cuchcr's Collcgc Anglo."

DE Club To Convene;
a" ' “l ‘l “:1!
Attend Conlerences Cumllﬁllllllllll

’l‘hc Dislribulivc Education Club and cvcry chn
has schcdulcd n niccling next wch l! llill. ill Dru]

For MUD

'l‘lic [our clu~s

it‘nst‘tl their unnomwcnu-nfs.

\l'ltll Lllt,‘ lllSLl'JCLOl'IS llilllIC.

As an addition to their recom-
mcndunons concerning mlministru—
tion. the bodics rcqucslcd [lulu con-~
A u . . lrovcrslul cxums, such as llC‘ one

Chv’hes encountered ill the rcccut problem
prcsldcnls have rc- m, Cum-muted
In providing for punishment lol
5 my MUD Wm be ollcnocrs, pcnnltics~ were broken in-
Fﬂdzh" “l 19‘ “oon- to three categories. In cuscs whcrc
(“my [mm 7130 1" chculiug has tli‘t‘lll’l‘t‘fl. cilhcr in lhc
)cr Auditorium by

ulltl has sclu dclcgulcs to recent Burburu Ncwcombc, Senior Song _

conl’crcnccs, slulcs Kcnnclh Everard luludcr. rcports .
"3v! Pl'l‘hlfll'lll. Junior class

A niccilhg ol lllt‘ DE Club will ho cuncs and cups will be on sale wllh‘

hcld ul Ii:1i1l|).lll., Monday in Drupv'r in llu- next two.
l~i7 Anncx. 'l‘hcrc will he (ll\('ll.‘l— Murvln (‘hcrnoll
:ion on u conslllulionnl :llllt‘ll(lllll‘lll 'l‘hc Fophomorr
for which n L .
ship is nccdcd.

llll) Clubs from llll' cmu'c sfu'c "1"

from 1:30 to (l p.
Conn.

’ 'l vote of lilc mcmbcr» m ’l‘hutchcr Park Sunday. April ‘20.

 

loscph Lombardi.
rings, arm bands.

Gerald Drug Co.

Albany, N. Y.

wccks according to
‘ v - - 2 '2' ' n \vc.
' picnic will be held 17 “‘3‘” ’
Phone 6-8610
Ill. announces Rob-

 

 

 

ullclulcd u conl'crcncc in Murch .1!
lhc l)cWill (‘hnlon Hotel, Albuny. ,
Al this Iunc Kenneth l‘lvcl‘ul‘ri and
l~ubcl Marlin. Juniors, wcrc l'll‘('li'\l
i‘l'csulclll ulnl h'ccrclul'y l'cspccllvr‘ll'
for [111' Sliilt'\\'l(lt' DE (‘llll).\.

 

PALAGE 23:32.52 iiOW
|)ES'I‘IN.-\’l‘l(lN (lillll
also
'r.-\ X!

starring llun lluilcy

WW

CAFETERIA

LOCATED AT

167 CENTRAL AVENUE
Fill STATE STREET
134 STATE STREET

' Administration, was drawn up by Myskania, altered by Counctl, and
iii/is'tIiieow been submitted to Dr. Evan R. Collins, PreSIdent of the College,
for administrative and faculty consideration. An outgrowth of the past
examination scandals, the recommendations deal With two parts of
testing difficulties, administration and punishment.

use of notes or in copying, it was
recommended that the individual
concerned fall the course. Where a
copy of a test was obtained prior
to the exam, either by buying or
merely accepting, suspension from
classes was advised. In the third
category. stealing of tests, expulsion
was recommended. In either of the
first categories. a seconu offense was
to result in automatic expulsion.

As a general policy, the student
groups asked that the Administra-
tion make full publication of its
policy concerning examinations well
before the giving of tests in order
that penalties 101' violation may be
known. 'lhey also proposed that in
cases of appeal by a student, a fac-
ulty—student hearing board be set
up. the student portion to include
two or more Myskania members.

Attached to the rcconunendations
\VII'L' LWO suggestions in the general
area i. f exams. It was suggested that.
in cases where confession of viola-
tions was made without pressure of
Lcing caught, more consideration be
given. Finally, Myskania and Coun-
cil asked that the Administration
lo..k into the possibility of an ex-
unplion system from exams for stu—
dcn.s maintaining an A average in
a course.

 

Capitol Press
P R l N T E R S

ALL TYPES
COLLEGE. FRATERNITY
SORORITY PRINTING

TELEPHONE 4-9703

170 South Pearl Street
Albany. New York

 

 

to compete in the State Science Con-
gress Finals in May at RBI in Troy.
Grand Prize winners may be offered
scholarships.

The Junior Division will be divided
into two groups. Section A will be
comprised of entrees from grades 7
and with individual and group ex-
hibits. Section B will be open to
students of the 9th grade and will
feature Individual or Group Exhib-
its and Individual Demonstration-
Talks.

Grades 10 to 12 will compete in
the Senior Division. Sections will be
devoted to Biology. Chemistry, Earth
Science, Physics and Applied Scienc-
es. Exhibits and Demonstration-talks
may be entered in any of these sec-
tions.

There will be 18 judges from col-
leges and companies in the Albany
area. Students who would like to
assist tomorrow may contact Mr.
Pryor.

Students To File

Housing Forms

All students. including commuters
and those not expecting to return
are requested to fill out housing
forms for next fall, states David
Hartley, Dean of Men. Forms will
be available today in the group
houses and in the Student Person-
nel Office. ‘

These forms should be completed
and returned to the group house or
the Student Personnel Office not
later than Wednesday. Due to
the proposed increased enrollment
at the College next fall, it is ne-
cessary to obtain an accurate
picture of next year‘s housing needs
for students now in attendance,
states Hartley.

W .

Corner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4-1125

 

 

FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE

College Florists for Years
Special Attention
for

Sororities and Fraternities

 

 

 

 

A Mul'silull li‘lcld owned

quircd (‘omplclc training

cssclli iui.

lioom 20, Richardson.
lullch from the l‘laccmcnl‘

 

 

ll Is Possible To Earn Show This Summer!

cntcrl.)rise offers outstanding

opportunity lo college. men and WUlllCll this summer. Work
in Albany or in your own home area.

No investment re-

givcn. (“or helpful but not

if you like pcoplo, and are seeking opportunlty
for personal development us well as about average in-
ccmc, come for campus iulcrvlow on April 27 at 2:30 ill
Further information may be ob-

Ofllce and from Kurt Rosen-

lluum, (‘umpus licprcscntutive.

 

    

1mm:- 1 ‘

.. .._.._”,,...., ...

   

