 

-, - « r w.._r.w.wwg.g=.«.-§.._.. . .. . .

 

PAGI 4

MUD Procedure

(Continued IromPage 2, Column 5/

III. Moving-Up.

A. l. The Juniors in the balcony
will move quickly to the right, down
the right stairs. and will fill in the
seats behind the Juniors downstairs,
who will have moved to the left,
into the center section.

2. The Seniors move left across
the aisle into the Sophomore sec-
tion.

3. The Sophomores will move into
the far aisle, up the left stairs. and
fill in the left and center sections
of the balcony.

4. The freshmen in the center
section of the balcony will move
right, down the right stairway, fol-
lowing the Juniors, and fill in the
section vacated by the Juniors. The
freshmen in the left section will
move across the center section and
fill in the front part of the right
section of the balcony.

IV. Recessional.

A. Myskania leads, going out the
right center aisle, and forming a
line on either side of Page Hall
steps.

B. The four classes follow in or-
der:

1. Seniors will go down the walk
by Husted Hall.

2. Juniors will follow the Seniors.
At the end of the Page walk, they
will turn right and proceed down
the walk by Albany High.

3. Sophomores follow the Juniors,
turning left at the end of Page walk
to go through the senior lines.

4. Freshmen will follow the Jun-
iors, turning right to go through
the Junior lines.

C. The classes will walk out of
Page in double file. the couples
splitting as they turn either right
or left to form a single line on
either side of the path. The Sopho-
mores go through the Junior lines.
When everyone is out of the audi-
torium, the Seniors in turn go
through the Sophomore lines and
the Juniors go through the fresh-
man lines.

V. Forming the Numerals.

The Seniors will turn right and
form their numerals in the corner
of Page Field nearest Hosted. The
Sophomores will form their mim-
erals in front of the Seniors near
Western Avenue. The Juniors will
turn left and form their numerals
in the corner nearest Milne. The
freshmen will follow the Juniors
and form their numerals in front
of the Juniors near Western Ave-
nue.

VI. Evening.

A. The Rivalry skits will begin at
'1 p.m. in Page Hall. Immediately
after the skits the classes will meet
in front of Draper and take the
following positions:

1. Seniors stand on the steps of
Draper.

2. Juniors stand to the right of
the Seniors. facing the Library.

3. Sophomores face the Seniors.

4. Freshmen face the Juniors.

The Step Song will be sung first
by the Seniors. After they have sung
it once. they will move to their left
and stand in from of the fresh. The
Jun.ors will Slllg the Step Song
once in place and then will proceed
with their banner into the Busted
side door of Draper, and will come
out the from door of Draper sing—
ing the Step Song. The Sophomores
will fill in the section vacated by
the Juniors.

After the singing of the Stop
Song. the Seniors will turn and walk
down the sidewalk to Western Ave-
nuc singing "Great Fires“ as they
do so.

Seniors To Check List
For Graduation Notice

All Seniors are urged to check the
lists on the Press Bureau bulletin
board in lower Busted, announces
Mary Jane Dcwcy '53. Director of
Press Bureau.

If the name of any Senior who
expects to graduate this June has
been omitted from the lists. he is rc-
quested to pick up a form in the
Press Bureau mail box. fill in the
information asked for. and return
the form to Miss Dewey. This is to
insure that all necessary graduu~
tion notices may be sent to home-
town newspapers.

Any corrections or additions to
be made to any of tho Senior's
folders should be done at this time.
If a picture is to be sent out with
the graduation notice. a small glossy
print should be turned in before
June 1, states Miss Dewoy.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 8. 1953

Religious Clubs Slate DE Club Will Hold S¢|¢ctiy¢ Servicg

BZ, Phi Delta
Schedule Teas

Two sororities have scheduled
Mother's Day teas for tomorrow.
Phi Delta recently initiated three
pledges.

Beta Zeta will hold a Mother's
Day Tea tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m..
announces Lucretia D’Andrea '55,
Chairman.

Chairman of Phi Delta’s Mother’s
Day tea to be held tomorrow at 2
p.m. is Jane Staples '54. Phi Delta
recently initiated Aileen Cochran,
Arline Grier, and Gay Gatyas,
freshmen.

Meetings, Breakfast

The presidents of the religious
clubs have made announcements
concerning future activities.

SCA will conduct an open work
meeting Tuesday night, May 12. at
7 p. m. in Brubacher.

Hillel will have a breakfast May
17 at 10:30 a. m. in the Washington
Ave. Synagogue to install new of-
ficers and hear a speaker from the
Troy Hillel chapter.

Newman Club will meet Thursday.
May 14, at 7:30 p. m. in Newman
Hall to hear a guest speaker discuss
“John Dewey and Pragmatism."

Year’s Last Meeling

The Distributive Education Club
of the Commerce Department will
hold its last meeting of the sem-
esier in Room 147, Draper Exten-
sion. Monday. May 11, at 3:30 p. m.,
announces Kenneth Ev.rard ’5rie
President.

Since this meeting is the last one
this semester all members of the
club are urged to attend in order to
settle all the important club mat-
ters that end of the year business
entails, and to make plans for next
year, Everard states.

Posts Deadline

Applications for the May 21 Se-

lective Service College Qualification,

Test must be submitted to the Edu-
cational Testing Service, Princeton.
New Jersey, not later than mid-
night, May 11.

The May 21 test is primarily for
students prevented from taking the
test on April 24 due to illness or
other emergencies, but other quali-
fied students are not barred from
taking the test. A new application
may be obtained from any Selective
Service local board.

 

 

cigarette buy.

 

1. THE QUALITY CONTRAST bctwe
a revealing story. Recent chemical analyses give a
country’s six leading cigarette brands.

. . . 15% higher than its nearest compc
the average of the five other leading brands.

2. First to Give You Premium
Quality in Regular and
King-size . . . much milder
with an extraordinarily good
taste—and for your pocketbook,
Chesterfield is today’s best

3. A Report Never Before
Mode About a Cigarette.
For well over a year a medical
specialist has been giving a
group of Chesterfield smokers
regular examinations every
two months. He reports . . .
no adverse effects to nose,
throat and smnses from
smoking Chesterfield.

The index of good quality table—a ratio of hi

shows Chesterfield qualify highest

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  

Dan 3‘ you woof 7‘0 fry 6
ego/e772? MM 6 fawn/ﬁe I‘d/f .9

 

en Chesterfield and other leading Cigarettes is
n index of good quality for the

gh sugar to low nicotine—

timr and Chesterfield quality 31% higher than

V'VVVVVV

FOR VIIII

Cupyuﬂlil was, Linorri' s M r “(S TUIIAH o I o.

» an.lizawasmuuwzlrsw ..-.:.  

 

 

State College News £an

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. SATURDAY. MAY 9. 1953

VOL. XXXVII NO. 26

 

Brown

Females Have Increased Majority On

Kisses And Tears Highlight Aug; Coon,

Thirty - Seventh Tapping

The women of Stale added to their majority on Myskzinia in the
’53—‘54 judicial body lapped this morning, increasing the ratio to four
men and nine women. The oulgoing lhirtccn had Inainlainul a near
balance of six lo seven. lhc women in the majorily. As ihc last stanza
of "Arm and Arm" died away this morning. lhe eyes of the audience
lurncd cxpcclanlly to thc stage as the old Myskania look their places
in the sccond row of suits to make room for the next body lo bc lapped.
HAROLD BACON SMITH assumed the position of spczikcr. whilc
ROSEMARY KA'I‘HERINI’. KELLER. Chairman of thc lhirlccn.
look hci' placc beside him ready to pin the purple and gold lzisscls on
the Sl)l)ll-lO-I)('-lll|)[)L‘(I judiciary for the coming,’ year.

I’ETER B. CAMERON 'l'ELl’ER and BARBARA ANN NEW—
(‘OMBE were the first lo lcayc lhc slzigc and slowly circlc lhc audi-
loriuni in tho traditional sicp. As they pziiiscd bcsidc hcr scan the name
of M AI iELElNE AYIS I’AYNE boomed from the rostrum. and. amid
chccrs and icars. the first mcinbci‘ of ihc ncw Myskzinia was led to
licr chair on ihc stage. Miss |’zi_\'nc will dirccl \Yomcn‘s Frosh Camp
:1 dnwill bc a nn-inbcr of Sludciil Council ucxl yczn‘.

FAITH ANN HANSON was lhc second member lo bc l‘lllll'll
from lhc :nidicncc. Shc was cscoricd lo the stage by FRANCIS I’AT-
RICK HODOE and I‘II.IY.ABE’I‘H jANE I’LA'lvl‘ lo lzikc lici‘ plzicc
in ihc sccond sciil. Miss Hanson was the I‘Irosh Handbook Editor and
has bccn clcclcd scnior mcnibci' of lhc Sludcni Board of l’iiiancc for
the coming yczn‘.

BETTY ANN (‘OYRENIMLL and ANNA I‘ILIZABI'I'I'H
OBERS'I‘ ihcn dcsccudcd from lhc stage to go in search of SYLYL‘.
\YILMA SEMMLER. lhc lhird Myskania mcmbcr lo lic lapped. Shc
has been more in Radio Council, having bccn named lrcasurcr. and
was Chairman of this year's All-Sluic- Day.

Miss Coykcndall and HENRY AN'I‘I'IONY ROS/.EWSKI ill‘Xi
brought to [ho roslriuii llic first mzilc member to rccciyc his lasscl,
NEIL CARLTl )N BR( )\\'N. j R.. who will fill the “prcsidcnliid chair."
Brown has also bccn Soplioniol'i' class pi'csidcnl and movcs up to lllc
lcadcrship of lhc SIIHIllll body from the post of SA Yicc-l’rcsidcnl.

As lhc clapping and cnibi'accs subsided. jOHN ROBERT LAN-
NON and Miss Ncwconibc circch llll‘ auditorium lo lap lhc sccond
malc. l‘E'I‘ER MICHAEL McMANl'S who will occupy sciil iiunibci'
livc. llc has bccn a Sludcnl Council rcprcxciiialivc and is Mcn's Frosh
Camp Dirccloi' for ‘53—‘54.

Ix'.-\'l‘l*ll.|".EN MARY ANDERSON was lhc fourth woman in bc
callcd. bringing lllc ratio to [our to two. Miss Anderson. who claimed
sczll nuinbcr six. was brought lo ihc slagc on the arms of Hong and
Miss (llll‘l'Sl. Shc has bccn an :icliyc incmhcr of DNA Council. and
has dircclcd ihc l'lospilaliiy (‘oniinillcc of Student Council.

Tcnsion inonnicd as llic inidicncc wulchcd RI'TH ELAINE
DI'NN :ind Ix'oszcwski hall bcsidc a row in the junior scclion. Thi'n
ihc n;mn- oi FRANCES |".l.l/..-\BI'I’I‘H ALLEN. scycnlh Myskania
llll'liilil'l'. cchocd through llll‘ hall. Miss Allcn has lil‘l‘ll active in Coni-
nnni-r's Club and Slndcnl I'nion Board. whilc shc will lll‘ ('o-Diri-clor
of \Yomcn's l’rosli l'anip nc\l yczn‘.

k‘.-\'I‘lll.l£l£\' 'l‘lll‘llll‘jSA OBERST. licwly clccll'd 'I‘l‘l'llSlll'l'l‘ of
lbc incoming Scnioi' Class was lhc ncxl lo bc brought to lhc sizigc b_\‘
Bl".\‘l".lx’l.\ jEAN I’RANITIS and Miss I’lall. Alli-r lcai'lnlly cm;
bracing llll scycn :ih'ciidy (llosl’ll. All» Obcrsi look hcr place in IIll'
ninnbcr ciulll spot and “(llllll‘ll as hcr sisici‘. Anna Obci'sl and Miss
I‘l'.‘|llllj\ \n-lll in \l'.’l|‘l'll Ill lllll.(ll\'l':5  (‘()NNI':I.I.Y. lll‘\\‘ 
l'l‘('\l(l('lll. who will claim ihc "Donut-Hy will" of ‘52 in hiking H\‘l‘l‘
lhc nnmbcr llllll‘ pliuc.

Thc m-w l'i'csidi-ni of Hit“ Scnioi' (lass. jOllN |l.\’l"l'|S'l‘A AI.
LASIO was llic third lllllll' :nid ll'lllll pci'soii lo bc lappcd. bcing lcd
lo llu: \liiuc by jllSl'Il'll jllllN LllMliARllI illid 'I‘clh'l'. \Yilll only
ihi‘cc suits lcll lhc :niliiipalion ol llic ziudiciicc niounlcd (is I..'llllioll
and Kosmwski tll'l'li'll llic junior scclioii lwicc bcl‘oi‘c finding I’A»
’l'RIl‘H ANNE DEAN. llih mi-uibcr oi Myskania. Miss Di-an has
bccn a ('omnil Ix’cpi'cscnlalivc. Scci‘clai‘y of SA. Incnibci' of lhc Rc—
Vision ('ommillcl . and of lhc Si'icncc Conicrcncc I'lxcculiyc Coniniillcr,

'l‘lic liisl woman lo lu' lappcd was jO ANNE ALLEN DOYLE.
ch lo will mnnbcr l.‘ by Miss Dunn lillil Lomb.‘n‘di. Miss Doylc has
micd .'l\ Sm i'i-lai'y oi Ill‘llilIl‘ Council. is ii niciiibcr of Tan lxiippii AI-
plia. nalional lol‘clisic soiii-ly on campus.

\Yilli oin- Sl'lll lcl'l lo be lllll'll. Miss Ncwcoinbc and Loiiibai'di bo
gun llll‘ll' [our of lhc hall. l in ling lhc jlllilol‘ scclion lhi'cc IIIlli‘S bcloi'c
locatingI MARVIN ('lll‘IRNOl’I", prcsidcni of his junior Class and
liili llll‘llllll‘l' of Myskania. l'lici'noll's lapping complclcd lhc roslcr
oi llic '5.i~'5el judicial body,

Small To Lead
Class Activities

In the class elections held last
week. men were again elected to the
positions of class presidents. in all
cases. for the ﬁfth year in a row.
John Allasio will lead the class of
'54 in its Senior year. The Juniors
have again chosen Robert Coan as
their Pi'exy. Also rc-elccicd was Wil-
liam Small. next year's Sophomore
President.

To serve with Allasio the Class of
'54 elected: Eleanor Balskis. Vicc~
President; Kay Obersl. Treasurer:
Mabel Schweizcr, Secretary: George
Hathaway. Publicity Director: Nor--
ma deRoos. Songlcadei‘. Serving on
Student Council will be Frances Al-
lcii. James Bennett. Palmina Cala-
bresc. and Madeleine Payne.

In the elections for the Junior
Class~ ofﬁcers the following were
named: Vice—President. John Oi'scr;
’I‘rcasurer. ZoAnn Laurie; Secretary.
Marilyn Gadd: Publicity Director.
Alice O‘Neil: Songleader. Lucretia
D'An d rea; Cheerleader. Jeaneilc
Kala; Student Council iiieinbei's. Dc-
Wit.t Combs. Mary lacavone. Mary-
Ann Johnpoll. and Olgo Komanow-
ski.

The Class of ‘56 announces: Mar--
joi'ic Kelleher. Vice-President: Mau-
ricc Bouvicr. Treasurer; Anita Mc-
Kcon. Secretary: Ronald Polly, Pub-
licity Director; Linda Niles. Song—
lcadcr: Jane Ide. Cheerleader. The
four SC members announced are
Robert Bclscha. Carol Conway. Ann
Hamilton. and Roberla Stein.

Lynch Assumes [News] Editorship;

Captures SA Presidency In Landslide Victory;

Judicial Body

 i.   Beckwith Wins
Vice-Presidency
Of Student Body

Brczny, Rays: Victors
ln SA Office Races

With the support of SA behind
him. as evidenced by last week's elec-
tions. Neil Brown was elected to the
presidency of the student body.
Serving with him as Vice-President
will be Charles Beckwith ’55 and
’ Mary Brezny ‘56. newly elected Sec-
retary of Student Association.

l s
l

  
  
 

i
l
' i
I
i

  

Brown defeated his opponent. Mar-
vin Chernoﬁ. in the first distribution.
with 704 votes as compared to 141
for Chei'noﬁ.

In the Vice—Presidential race.
Beckwiih obtained and kept a_ lead
with DeWitt Combs as his closest
competitor in the three required dis-
iributions.

NEIL BROWN
SA President

The battle of the portraits was
nearly won 1468 to 318i by Mary
Brczny. this year's Vice-President of

Signum Loudis
  the fresh class. She will serve as the
Secretary of the Student Association

Six new members from the Class of , . . . _ 1
1953 and fourteen members of the 3161:].smdem comm” m the comm"
Junior Class have been accepted in- ‘ '
lo Signuin Laudis. the Scholastic Elect “3503' SOHEICMGI‘

Honorary society of State College. Chosen as SA Songleader is Jeanne

The ﬁnal two per cent to be nan.- Rasel’ '54~ Edith TMGI‘LOD '55 Oﬁel‘ﬁd
ed from the Class of 1953 are Gloria the stiffest competition but was elim-
Beck' Edwm-d Bomhue. Evl Iglaum'_ inated in the fourth distribution.
Madelon Knoerzer. Helen Osborn The newly enlarged Student Board
and Walter Schneller. of Finance lllOW handling the da-

The people chosen from the Junior Lies of student; Facilities Board: will
Class are ill the highest {0111' DOI' contain the following members: from
ceiil. They are: Irene Cei‘scrliich. the Senior class. The Board will con-
John Cooper. Patricia Dean. Norma rain Henry Berleth. Jo Ann Doyle.
DcRoos, Phyllis Ferbcr. Merle Fiﬁcld. Faith Hanson. and Bradford Miller:
EllZfIIJClll Hunter. Bﬂl‘bi‘ll'il MlldCll'OS. ll'on'l the Junior Class Mary Batllslj'
Mﬂl‘ie MCCRITI’CL'. William MCLZEPI'. Frank LoTruglio. and Nancy MeEvoy
Ronald RGUSS. Raymond Shﬂmlolf. will serve; the one Sophomore inem-
Frank Shepard. and Joan Whitman. bar will be Susan Bamhm-t,

The two new members of Athletic
Association Board are John McCor-
mack and Custer Quick. Senior and
Junior respectively. The board con-

Ashfield To Lead Sports Department  stair};

    
   
   

(‘A'I‘IIEIKINE LYNCH
Editor-lii-(‘hlef

The clinics of Editor-iii-Ciiicf )'
liic Stair College News will be to-
sumcd today by Clillll‘l‘llll‘ Lynch 'o-i
i‘clii'iiig ('(lllUl', Barbara Police '53.
has aiinoniiccd Miss Lynch has coin~
|)li‘ll‘(l hcr Illll‘d year of st'l‘Vil‘i‘ to
[he collcgc pnpci', having acicd as
rcporicr. Sophomore Desk i‘(llil)l‘,
and, this ycui', having lillcd the posi-
tion oi Associate Editor.

As the i'csull of recent News Board
(lclibcriitioiis, loiir Sophomore Dcsk
Editors of this year have been pro-
lll()il‘(I to Associate Editors. ’I‘iiey arc

cub classes. and Joyce Surics in the
Public Relations Editor spot.

James Finnen '54, the cary-over from
last year's board.

 

 

Joanne Moore, Willard Reitz. Eyc-
lyii Ruben. and Dean Zach. chcn

Sophomore reporters have also been K k T k

named to the staff.  a 
Filling the post of Sports Ediioi‘ I I . .

on the News Board will be ROIJl‘l‘l  

Ashlicld '55. first Junior cicr to hold
the position. Aslificld. who has I)i‘l'll
Sports Desk Editor this year. will
share his duties in the Sports Dc—

Eyclyn Katusak '54 will take over
the duties of Editor-in—C‘hief of Ped-
' F r I l ' I ‘I I ' .
partmcnt with Ray Wolfe '54. who  
was named Senior sports member. will be assisted by Lhe following Sen“

The Business—Advert151118 Dt‘lﬂll‘ll' ior editors: John Laing‘, Business
mom. combined last. year. will be Manager: Elmnm- Bulgklg, pllolog-
Ill‘ﬂdt‘d by Mﬂbt’] SChWOiZOI'v 1110‘" raphy Editor: Ann Marie Hug.Litcr-
lllg Ill) I‘l'Olll Lllt‘ ilSSlSl'dlll llllillllg- lu-y Edilmﬁ Sum” Mucnofsky' Ad-
crship this year. She will be aided \vpmslng Emmy; and Beth. ROSE
by Pcari Szabo and William Pizcr Exchange Editor. A
iii the (Jo—Assistant Manager posi-
tions. Mary Ann Rolling will iiSsuiiic
leadership of the combined Circula-
lion and Exchange Departments.
Other Board positions will be iillcd
by Sally Gorig and Irene Eldrcd. as
Co—Maiiagiiig' Editors. in charge of

Senior Board mcmbcrs ol the year~
book. as released by the retiring
board. include Sonia Bush and Shir-
lcy Edsall. The following have been
named to Junior Staff positions:
Nancy Evans. Marilyn Gadd. Jean-
nctlc Kutz. Betty Miller. Leo Merril.
Dolores Moniaibano. Custer Quick.

'l‘hc appointment of Ronald Kos- mm mem VSWNL

lcr '54 as News cartoonist consiilincs .
a s )(‘I‘llil addition to the stuff.

'l‘lhc newly named Sopli rcpoi'ici's  
include: James Wi'iiin, Arnold Ncw- I
man. Aileen Cochranc, Carol Ann  G 'd 
Luff. Jillil'l Eygnor. Jean Shaw. l  9
Alice Mashoian. and Claudette Ru-
(lolpll.(lolpli.
lll(‘lll(Il‘ David Burroughs, l)oi-o.liy lie, Sciiiors and co-chairincn of last
Mchaii. and Joan Newman, whili- year‘s Junior Guides, have announc-
Willium Urquhart will become a ed the names of the new Junior
member of the Soph business siiiii' chairmen. Custer Quick and Nan
The Board has also named iii-alricr McEvoy. who will lead the guide pro-
Lclian '54 lo the Circulation siail‘.

Sports sin 1' i will Pcler McMuiiiis and Nancy Whil-

gram next year.

