 

 

      

 

 

PACE).

Frosh To Elect

. . ., ,V

Class Officers

With freshman class elections
scheduled for November 13. Elec-
tion Commission has released reg-
ulations for the ' election. Cam-
paigning will be supervised by the
Commission. as previded for in the
SA constitution. according. to Syl-
via Semmler ‘54. Chairman.

Candidates in 'the :election I. are
protected» by the Commission by
regulation of pre-electionY activities.
The greatest benefit «will be re-
ceived by the candidates with the
smallest amount of time and money.

Those aspirants with original
campaign ideas not specifically pro-
vided for in the Constitution, are
requested to contact Election Com-
mission for approval. Those who
act without this approval will be
disqualified. Thus far no candi-
dates have been eliminated for this
reason.

Absentee voting for Campus Queen
for those who will not _be present
at Student Assembly today will
take place in the lower perister
between Draper and Husted. accord-
ing to Miss Semmler.

. srsncotnu news. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER a. use

 

 4am‘ "

 

The "American Biology Teach-
er." a monthly magazine designed
to .keep high school biology teach-
ers abreast of the latest teaching
techniques in their field. published
an article written by Allen Ben-
ton, Instructor ‘in Biology, in its
october issue. The title of Dr. Ben-
ton's article was “The Use of Balsa
Wood in the Preparation of Skins
of Small Mammals.”

Dr. Katherine Heinig, Instructor
in Biology, addressed the regular
meeting of the New York Botanical
Club conducted at Brubacher Hall,
Wednesday, November 4. Her topic
was “Cytological Methods in Plant
Taxonomy."

A field trip was taken by Robert
Burgess. Professor of Librarianship,
Thursday, November 5. Mr. Bur-
gess accompanied Arthur Jones,
Acting Coordinator of Field Serv-
ices to Rome. New York, where
they both spoke at the annual Col-
lege Day of the Rome Free Acad-
emy. Later. Mr. Burgess spoke at
Cazenovia Jr. College and Hamil-
ton College about the graduate
program at State College.

Also attending a meetingOcto-
ber 31 were M. Annette Dobbin,
Assistant Professor of Modern Lan-
guages, and J. Wesley Childers,
Professor of Modern Languages.
They attended th eannual confer-
ence of the New York State. Fed-
eration of Foreign Language Teach:
ers at the French Institute, New
York City. Dr. Dobbin is the Sec-
retary of the Federation, while Dr.
Childers is one of its Directors.

Ruth E. Hutchlns. Assistant Pro-
fessor of Art. attended a Sympo-
sium on Design at the Museum of
Modern Art in New York City No-
vember 4 to 6.

The Columbia University Press
recently published a new book
written by Matthew H. Elbow. As-
sistant Professor of Social Studies.
The title of the book is “French
Corporation Theory 1789-1948: a
Chapter in the History of Ideas."

Frank Carrino. Instructor in
Modern Languages, served as a
Special Investigator for the Election
Frauds Bureau during the recent
elections.

 

 

...... .u ._

Classes Discuss
Financial Plans

A frosh class meeting was held
Wednesday noon, announce class
guardians Patricia Dean and Made-
leine Payne. Seniors. During the
meeting the frosh tabled a finan-
cial-motion until next week. The
motion was to take $37 from the
treasury for Campus Day Weekend
dance. Candidates for trash class
President each gave two-minute
speeches. The class meeting will be
held next week in Draper 349 on
Wednesday from 12 noon.

At a meeting of the Junior class
the Juniors appropriated money for
the Campus Day dance which is
being sponsored by the four classes,
announces Robert Coan ’55, Presi-
dent. The class also decided not
to have a name band for the Junior
Prom, since, in view of the fact
that there will be one for Winter-
lude. this would be considered im-
practical.

The Sophomore and Senior classes
have yet to appropriate their share
of the cost of the dance which will
be held on November 14.

momma
Radio Broadcast
For Red Cross

Radio Guild will present a fifteen
minute program Tuesday evening
from 7:16-7:30 pm. over WOKO.
announces Jean Rasey '54, Presi-
dent. The presentation will be
given for the Red Cross of State
College in conjunction with the
Safety Council of Albany.

The topic to be featured is "Safe
Driving." It will be presented in
the form of an original script writ-
ten by Radio Guild try-outs of the
script committee. The cast will be
made up of present members of
Radio Guild.

The gist of the script is as
follows: Five ghosts are driving
home from their recent Halloween
haunting expedition.

In the future. Radio Guild will
continue its broadcasts for the vet-
erans at the Albany Veterans Hospi-
tal. Rasey states that the members
hope to start recording soon the
adaptations of short stories being
written by the script committee.

 

CHOICE or vouuo AMERICA

FOR THE FIFTH STRAIGHT YEAR —

CHESTERFIELD

IS THE LARGEST SELLING CIGARETTE
IN AMERICA’S COLLEGES . . .

by a 1953 survey audit of actual sales in more
than 800 college co-ops and campus stores
from coast to coast. Yes, for the ﬁfth straight
year Chesterfield is the college favorite.

CHESTERFIELD IS THE ONLY
CIGARETTE EVER TO GIVE YOU PROOF
OF LO_W NICOTINE, HIGHEST QUALITY

The country's six leading brands were ana-
lyzed—~chemicaily—and Chesterfield was found
low in nicotine—highest in quality.

This scene reproduced from Chesterfield’s

famous “center spread" line-up pages in
college football programs from coast to coast.

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Signet!

    

. . w... 4’)"

 ‘-:"~"~‘:r¢:u~‘    11..   . 

. i." -<

 

2-458

 

State College .

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 13. 1953

 

    

n.  -

“us

It ~ I 1&4‘.‘

'th. xxxvui NO. 9

A

IN OUR STATE
EVERYONE READS
THE NEWS

 

ampus Day

I<its To Terminate Rivalry Programs;

Coronation Ceremonies To Highlight Traditional Evening

 

StudentECounciI Dorothy Warenslq'old To Sing
Releases Agenda,- NexI Friday Night In Page Hall

Elects Chairman

SC Chooses Members
OI Revue Committee

In the Student Council meeting
this week. the assembly agenda
was released. the All-College Re-
view Committcc was chosen and
the chairman for State Fair was
picked.

'I‘hc usacmbly agenda today is as
follows: Frcshmnn Ll‘nditioiiui sing,
presentation of the Campus Queen
candidates. presentation of the new
Signum Laudis members. a motion
to be made by Arthur Lennig ‘55.
the Campus Queen elections and
the freshman elections.

Arthur Lennig will make a motion
today to rescind the ruling that
states that assemblies be compili—
sory. In the Council meeting
Wednesday night John Allasio ‘54.
moved that Student Council go on
record as being in favor of compul-
sory assemblies. The motion was
passed by a vote of 11-5.

Council chose a committee to be—
gin the All-College Review. com-
post of two representatives from
each class. The committee is as
follows: Delores Donnelly. Fritz
Crumb and Frances Hopkins. ullcr—
nntc. Scniors; Fran Verven. Delores
Montaibano and Doris Mehan, ni-
tcrnatc, Juniors; Ross Rack and
Alan Wcincr. Sophomores; Richard
Feldman. Edward Joncs and Bar-
bara Hungcrford. alternate. fresh-
men. The connnittcc will elect
their own chairman.

Student Council appointed Ronald
Kostcr as Chairman of State
Fair for this year and Nancy Light-
hnll as ultcrnutc chairman. Both
ui'c Juniors.

It was voted in the meeting in
form a committee to invcstignto
the possibility of rcwriting the Col-
lcgc fight song. There will bc i
sign—up shoot. on the Student Coun—
cil bulletin board for unyonc in-
icrcstcd in serving on ihc coin-
milicc lo voluntccr. and Council
will considcr thosc nuincs when
picking lhc committee next week.

Students To File

Reference Data

All full lilnc Scniors nnd grudu—
lilc sludcnls inlisl. filc u lniiiiiniiun
of iwo scls of crcliciiliuls wilh ihc
'l'cuchcr Piilccliicnl Blil'l'llll bulorc
Noyclnbc' B5. Inlcrvicws will cnsuc.
uccording lo Elincr C. Millllli‘WH.
lili‘ccioi' of TPB.

Crcdcnlinls lilllm muhidc u pcrson-
ill (lulu sliccl plus rccoinlnciuiulions
from ll‘ncully liiclnbcrs. thlhcl'
lhc siiidclit is plilliniiig lo scck ll
job or iiol, hc uniisi, filc lhcs-c pupci'.~.
first scmcslcr, us lhc Bili‘cuii inusl
kccp llll ilt'llVi‘ i'cgislcr.

Hllillll'.\ uiid gruduulc sliidl-nls
:m- uskcJ lo comply with the follow-
ing schcdulc n.» sci up by 'l‘PB. Mu-
lcriuis muy bc obluiiicd in room
101 on Nii\'i‘llll)t‘l‘ illi by lIlllM‘ sili-
ill'lll." wilh lnsl. numcs bcgiiming A
In l“; on Novclnlicr .l-l. (l lo It; uiid
Novcinbcr “.35. S to Z

'l‘hosc silllli'llls who wool to bc
pluccd In January muy signify in
lll‘l'miii whcli lilliig lhcir crcdcnlluls
I’l‘l‘MlililI iiilci‘vicws IllI' Illi'hl' sill-
dcnis will bc licld lroin Novcnibcr
30 through liccciiibcr ll. licilnilning
nucrvicws will bc hcld from l.)cccin—
IJt‘l' on. slulcs Mullhcws.

Dorothy Warcnskjold. who has a
name. “not everyone can pronounce,
but can at least remember." will
grace the Page Stage on Friday,
November 20. Her voice, which was
almost limited to a courtroom, will
render: “Dove Song" from “The
Marriage of Figaro" by Mozart;
“Norwegian Echo Song," Waldemar
Thrame; “Red Rosey Bush." ar-
ranged by Victor Young"; How Do
I Love Thee" by Edouard Lyspi: and
a number of other pieces.

She had studied every inu-
sical instrument by the time she
entered college. except the voice.
“That seemed to be the only one
left for me to try—so I tried it."

A mastery of French, German.
Italian, Russian. Spanish. Danish,
Portuguese and Norwegian “has
been a great help in my musical
career." Radio work presented it-
:elf soon after Miss Warcnskjold
graduated from Mills College.

Hcr big chance came when Gae-
tano Mcrola. director of the San
Francisco Opcrn. asked her to sing
the role of Nanctta in Verdi‘s “Fal-
staff." Within six days she entered
rehearsals with the score mastered.
In 1948 she made one of the most

Primer Seeks

Publisher’s Bids

Primer is investigating prices bid
by printers for their coming issue,
which will be published in the
spring and distributed in May. i10-
cording to Marvin Chernoff ’54. Ed—
itor ol‘ Primer.

The following printers have hund-
cd in their bids: Delaware Press.
Argus Press. Capitol Press and the
Cromwell Pros-s.

Next week lhc Pruner staff will
incct to discuss the proposed con—
tents of the book and to look over
submitted nintcrinl. Any students
who wish to have original short
stories. essays. articles. profilcs or
poetry published should hund their
material to Pulriciu Byrnc ‘54, Lit-
crnry Editor of Primcr, or drop it
in the Prilncr mailbox located in
lower Dropcr.

 

Doings Dignin
All State Day

Annual All-State Day. number
two, stepped out with its best
foot forward.

Little prof's progenics jostlcd
to thc cntcrtuiiuncnt of the
spcctiitors lit the owning cx-
trawligmrm.

ost among tlic prcvuluncc of

‘ Sophomorcs. ll i'cw Juniors
il-INI frosh luunchcd lhc show.
to licoi ull shows.

Songsicr lioss “Ituuncy” lIiicIi
voonlizi-ll “(‘oinc Along With
Me" ui‘tcr "(letting it Kick
Out of You."

rl‘iilciclliiig Vern kcpi the bull
rolling with a few riotous
recounts. She Is now busy
turning valves and wagging
her title lichlnd her.

I Ihlclic iiciioiis inonopollzcd

‘ iIic iiI'icriiooli.

'l‘oc topping hilllilllics rcrclcil
lo the huysccd hopping iii
ihc liig Burn lhiiico.

pvcu lhc l).l's lived Ii up by

’ barking for ilic (‘iuiipus
AuctIoii. Next year? Who
Knows?

 

brilliant debuts in the company‘s
history. “Miss Warenskjold is def-
initely to be written large in the
future books of opera," Franken-
stein wrote.

Singing with James Melton on
"The Harvest of Stars" led to fur-
ther introductions into the music
world and a permanent membership
on his TV show. “The Ford Festi-
val." This fall she rejoined the
San Francisco Opera Company and
will tour around the country.

SCA Sponsors
Protestant Sunday

At the Tuesday evening meeting
of Canterbury Club. the movie
“Symphonies in Stone" was shown
on St. Paul's Cathedral and West-
minster Abbey. London. England.
after which refreshincnts were
served, announces Ronald Lackey
'55. At the business meeting initial
plans were made for a Christmas
Party and a special college Yule-
tide service to be scheduled before
the Chris-nuns program. It was
announced it the meeting that
rcprcsentaii es from Albany Epis-
copal churches are to convene in
an attempt to coordinate a city pro-
gram for college students. Pres-
cntly. Canterbury Club uses the
facilities of St. Andrew‘s Church.
The Club is planning to see the
movie “Martin Luther“ as a group,
to replace the regularly scheduled
meeting next week.

Sunday. SCA is sponsoring Prot-
estant Sunday. announces Jane
Santer '55. Publicity Chairman.
Interested members will meet in
front of St. Andrew‘s Episcopul
Church. at 10:45 cm. This is an
alumni] crcnt which is held at. a dif-
fcrcnt church cvci'y your.

Hillel will prescnt a spcnkcr on
the topic. “Jewish Books in :1 Sec-
ular World," Sunday evening of
7:00 p.m.. announces Marvin Axel-
ford ‘56. Mr. S. Grecnbiu'g. who
is very \\'idcly i'cud in the field of
Jewish litcriilurc. will ntlcmpt to
rclutc the importance of Jewish
books to thc lifc of thc chish stil-
dcnt. Everyone is invich to hour
this lccturc which will bc held in
thc \‘l‘s‘li‘y room of Oluu’ Sholom.
441 Washington Arc. Hillel is
planning 21 progrnm in lhc observ-
uncc of Hnnukzih. which comcs in
lihc curly purl of Dccclnbcr this
ycni'. Anyonc inlcrcslcd in pui'iic-
ipnling in lliis program should
conic to the board inccling chncs-
(Ill_\. Noycinbcr ill. in thc syiulgognc.

USA To Present
Film On Artists

i’ugc Auditorium will bc lhc sccnc
oi lhc Druinutics mid Arts C(illll—
l'll prcscnlulion of "Picluru Adren-
lurc lli Arl." 'l‘luirsduy night. in,
ilzllli pin. "Picturn" is u scrics of
films buscd on lhc liycs niid works
of finnous urlisls. iii-cording Lo
l)clorcs l)oiinclly 'i'i-l. l‘rcsidcnt oi
l)&A.

"l’iclurn" will lcuiurc llyc cpl-
sodcs: 'l‘oulousc Luinrcc‘s l’ni'ls of
thc (Liy iiil's, (iruiil Wood Anicr-
icun. llic (ilory of (ioyu. lloi'sch's
’l‘hc Loni l’urndisc und (‘urpuccio's
licgcnd of Si. Ui'sulu. ’l‘hc iilin
will bc imri'ulcd by Vincciil l’i'll'l‘.
liilll l'liliuci'. llcnry ll‘ondu. (ii'cg-
my [luck ulul liilri'y Mill'blc .llick
Shulnlm nrrungcd lhc illilhll' iii lhc
buckgrouiui.

"l‘icliii‘u Adrciiilii'c Ill Ari" is
proliiiccd by I’icluru il‘ihns (lorpoi'u-
lion. stoic.» Miss Doniiclly.

Sophomores, Freshmen Compete
For Rivalry Sports Honors, Points

I Campus Day tomorrow will get underway at 10 am.
With field events on the Dorm Field, announces Robert
Coan 55, Chairman of Arrangements. In the evening the
agenda includes rivalry skits, the crowning of the Campus
Queen, announcement of the. freshman class officers, and
the awarding of theCampus Day Cup. Campus Day
terminates concentrated rivalry between the frosh and
Sophomore classes. instead of its being extended through
to Movmg-Up Day as in former years.

Sports Events

'Women's sports activities will be-
gin the morning‘s events. Their
activities include a three-legged
race. a fifty-yard dash. a tug-of-
war. old clothes race, and a soft-
ball distance throw.

 

The men’s events will follow.
> They include football punting for
 distance, a tug—of—war. a relay race.
and a high jump event.

i Men's and women's sports events
, will each count two points toward
the final score of rivalry. These
will be awarded to the class win-
ning three out of five events. The
rivalry skits are worth five points.

The evening program commencing
at 7:30 pm. includes the coronation
of the Campus Queen and the pre-
sentation of the freshman and
Sophomore skits.

Queen to be Crowned

The Queen will be chosen from
the five candidates nominated by
—- the uppcrclassmen in assembly last
week; namely June Harrington,
Mary Murray. Kathleen Oberst.
Madeleine Payne and Jean Rasey.
all Seniors. The four candidates

lw V I

Soccer Ball

  not chosen to be Queen will become
part of the Queen‘s court, along

The "sou-01- 3311" will close the with two representatives from each
'53 Soccer scoson tonight at Bru- 0f the other three classes. Jean
bucher Hall. The dance, which is Coriglluno. Campus Queen last year.
held in conjunction with Campus will return to crown the new sov-
Dily activities, will commence at Cl‘elg’n 0f ‘53. Also participating
9:00 pm. There will be no admis- Will be a little boy from the Albany
sion charge, states Robert Conn Home for Children who will act as
‘54. Chairman of Campus Day. Page.

Freshman women will be given The Queen and her court will be
12:30 am hours. as tho (IilllCC will seated on the stage, and then the
end at midnight. ’I‘hc RPI Cam- Soph skit will begin. Each skit is
pus Scrcnndors will provide musi- to be one-half hour in length.

N - i)" ' I H“ i-

:ilzlwg‘lﬁﬂomm 1‘” u" SOu’“ (let The Sophomore skit, written by
r 1‘ Ross Hack. is being directed by
PM Soccer icon] has sclccfcd :i Min-lo Doping. Some prominent,

Q1100“. \VllU .\\'111 Di‘ CPUWN‘CI “l the characters are June Whitehui'st.

Bull. Reillllml.’ “'ltli “10 it‘lllmml‘ Jcnnctte Scurano, Bob Burns. and

monarch \\'lII bc u Socccr King. A] women
Chnirmcn of thc cvcnt will be thc ‘ ' ‘ .

vicc l)i‘CSI(ll.‘ilLS of Llic Scnior. Jun- “‘0 57 SW. directed by Kay

for and Sophomorc classes. plus the 019mm”! “1m written by 11 COmmlt-

l‘rcshnuln clnss rcprcsculutii'c. ’I‘hcy ‘19“ new“ by RIChiu'd Fcldmnn.

m... 1.051)....”‘14y. Elvmml. Bulskis‘ iculurcs the talents of Robert

John Ol'St‘l‘. Mlll‘joric Kcllchcr und 'B‘I‘KWIL‘F' BOVOI'LV JIIDOUI'. and Nick

Lcnorc Hughcs. 1001"“

Julncs Wrinn ‘56 will be in chnrgc

of :lrrungcmcnls. Alicc O‘Ncill will - .

pliblicizc lihc crcnl. l)ccornlions to  o 

blcnd with lhc Socccr lhcmc will

iic supcrriscd by Joun Cui'lin. Donnu F -

lliighcs will supcrvisc thc clcnn-  

up nflcr lhc dulicc. 'l‘hc lullci' lihrcc

:lrc Junior coinmilicc inclnbci's
of Dr. Funsliis." A State College

Library Will Close
For Holido y Recess Iii';”iii3”..iil’il$ii iiiliih’i’i‘lh$33353;

v”... 0.11%... Library will up...“ ‘33. rulhcr thun ll Tuesday, in ihc
Wl‘lllli'MIil)‘. Noyclnbci‘ 25. in 1 pin. I’ll-'4“ Audilm'imn. suites Lennie.
lorlhc’l‘luinksgiving i'i'l'csr. rcpoi-ls ’i‘hc piuy winch luls been cut
Miii'y I‘iIlZillii‘lIi Cobb. (itllll'gt‘y'lpi- from ll\'(‘ acts lo two will fciilui'c
hruriun. 'l‘hc l'iuwlcy lillll‘lll'y will Ross Nl'\\‘muii '55 us DI‘. li‘ullslllﬁ.
rc-opcn Moliduy. Noycmhcr Ill). :ll .1 Rulicn (iiirciu '56 us lvlcphistoph-
ii pm clcs. Marilyn Dinui'do  us Hoicn

lllilII lliclicginnmg oi lhc'i‘hunks— Ul' 'l‘l'tll’. John lliliinon. Crud. as
giving rucnlion. lhc Library will bc WIIHHPI'. and Arnold Elmilr  us
opcn l\=1onduy through l“l‘lllii_\‘ from Villllt‘h’. Pt'it‘r Gurciu, Grud. Clif-
il ll.lll. lo 5 p.rii., ulid Sullirduy from 101'“ Duns Mild lilt‘lllll'tl Blldllltl.
9 n m 4.. 5 1H”. l'rcshmcn. will (Icliict Scholui's.

MW“... hunks muy bc borrowed l.cnnig will supcrvisc his own
ul'lcr 4:30 pm. ’l‘ucsduy. Noycnibcr lc c Iilill' ul crcw. Doris Mellon
24. lor lhc Iioliduy. but must Do ‘55 will cxcciilc llic sci. John ()rser
rcilirncd bcforc 9:10 um. Monduy. '55. lhc sound and William Wil-
Novcliibci' iii), siuics Miss Cobb. cox '56 NW lighting.

  

._ 9
ROBERT (JOAN ‘55

 

 

Arthur I..cnnig no will direct the
Advanced Drnmutics Cluss's prc-
scnlunon of “TM Trugicul History

  

