 

PACE! '-'"'

Statement Cl Policy . . .

Each"week State College News prints one or more
articles written for the most part by students of the
college. We also print twa regular columns, the
Common-Stator and One On the Aisle. Both these
coluinns are written'by Seniors. Neither the articles
nor the regular columns necessarily reflect the opin-
ions of the News Board. This statement of policy is
printed in every issue of the paper in our masthead
on page two. Often the opinions of the Board are
in direct opposition to those presented in the articles.

1 The News Board selects the students who will
write the Common-Stater and the drama column for
each semester. The other articles. which we call
“guest columns," are written voluntarily. The Board
compiles a list of possible writers and these people are
asked if they are interested in writing such an article.
Many other students volunteer to write about some
issue concerning which they have definite opinions.
Often we receive two or more articles each week.
Our space limitations prevent us from printing all
articles received. Under no circumstances is a guar-
antee of publication given by the Board concerning
any article.

The criteria for publication or rejection are flex-
ible. An article may be rejected because it is irrele-
vant to the purpose of the paper as stated in our
constitution, badly written, in poor taste, contrary to
fact and other variables depending upon space and
time. Many articles are rejected each semester. This
responsibility is usually in the hands of the copy
editor. The News feels no ethical or journalistic re-
sponsibility to print articles that fail to meet the
above criteria.

The policy with letters written to the editor is
slightly different. They are not exclusively written
by students of the college. The style in which they
are written is not considered a preventative to their
printing. The editor is the sole judge concerning
their rejection for printing. Before publication, they
must be signed in the presence of the editor to pro-
tect the paper from libel accusations.

This statement of policy is in complete accord with
the revised constitution of the News passed unani-
mously by Student Council earlier this semester. The
Board took this unanimous decision as a vote of con-
fidence from the elected leaders of Student Associa-
tion in its revised policy.

Changes In Government...

With the presentation to SA of the motion to
discontinue compulsory assemblies, Student Council
appointed a committee called the “Representative
Government Committee." made up of students inter-
ested in changing our present form of government.
This committee is working along somewhat the same
lines as the one formed last year. It has now taken
upon itself to form two distinct committees. one to
investigate changes in our present governmental struc-
ture, the other to investigate a representative form
of government. Only five of the committee members
are working on the latter phase. With the vote on
the compulsory assembly motion imminent, it seems
that this committee is wasting valuable time in doing
work in direct opposition to the purpose for which
it was formed. In addition to the splitting up of the
committee. at the last meeting. the chairman admitth
a lack of familiarity with Robert's Rules of Order
and proceeded to prove this statement by recognizing
a. speaker while another speaker had the floor. by
refusing to recognize a point of information, and by
entertaining a motion to adjourn while a speaker held
the floor. In reviewing the minutes of the meeting,
it appears that not many ideas pertaining to repre-
sentative government were exchanged. We feel that
this committee could change the future of student
government at State very favorably, and that. like
most of the organizations on campus. that it holds
great potentiality for beneflttlng SA. Let us hope
that the apathy mid cynicism displayed at the last
meeting will not make of this committee just another
feeble attempt at improvement of our government,
and leave us with no other concrete results than an
addition to our ever-growing pile of deadwood.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

IITAILIIHID MAY I".
IV THE CLAIC OF III.

 

VOL. XXXVIII December ‘1. 1053 No. 10

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and
Wednesday from 'I to 11 p.m. at 11-31120, liixt. 11. Phones:
Moore and Ruben 2-3326; Aaliilcid, 3-3580; illldrod and Oorig.
I-scis: surm. 2-5320.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
College for Teachers; published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Armistice.

EVELYN RUBEN - - - - - - - - - - - lidiior-in-Cliicl

IIINI Iranian - - - - - - ~ - - :o-ﬂaling:ul Editor
- - - - - - - - - ‘o- Ina in Edit

JOYCE HUI’I‘IH - - - - - - - - l'uiiiio llelat on: Edits:

ALIOEMABHOIAN----....m
.o-I'T Minn-1L” _ _ rouiation Editor

- --~----Hoilidii
mu. BOIIWEIZIB - - - Business-Advent“: [Mann‘s
WIIMID III!" - - - ~ - - - - ~ - Alcoa ate Editor

 

Lil communications should be addrellod u) the odiwr us
must be sliced. Names will be withheld upon re out.
The B’i‘A'i‘ COLLEGE Nllthi assumes no moons liiiy
for opinions as recited in its columns or communications
as such express one do not necemurily reflect in: view

 

«m»!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4. 1953

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

7/“ 740722» 

 

With the presentation of Euripi-
des' Trojan Women next Friday
evening. the Elementary Dramatics
class. under the direction of Dr.
Paul B. Pettit, will bring to life
“one of the greater dramas of the
elder world." In the preface to the
popular translation of the play, we
are reminded that. “Great art has
no limits of locality or time. Its
tidings are timeless. and its mes-
sages are universal. The Trojan
Women was ﬁrst performed in 415
13.0.. from a story of the siege of
Troy which even then was ancient
history But the pathos of it is as
modern to us as it was to tho

 

Edmunicatiom

 

To the Editor:

In response to the provocative in-
vitation issued in the “Common-
Stater" last Friday, I‘d like to re-
mind the authors of a. journalistic
point that, though fundamental,
seems to have been forgotten. That
is. that the privileges inherent in
a position of lendership~be it lit-
erui'y or otherwise—bring with them
certain inorai responsibilities. In
the case of the “Common-Stater,"
which column has a freedom of ex-
pression unhampered by News pol-
icy as well as a certain guaranteed
circulation. that responsibility, I
feel, should involve an effort to pre-
sent clouded lssues, if discussed. as
clearly as possible. when necessary
consulting the people involved.

Several times this year the “Coin-
men-Stator" has ignored this re-
sponslblllty; instead it has prefer-
red to 1.)ropogutc a “rumor”—aud
rumors. however objectively pre-
sented. can do‘incstlinablc damage
to the feelings or status of individ-
uals and organizations. Two cases
in point am the articles pertaining
to the quality of Brubachcr food
and Election Commission's action
regarding a proposed freshman l'lii-
ly—»»both in the November 0 issucu»
and both indicating that the au-
thor was either only partially in-
formed or had failed complaier to
comprehend ihc lssucs ui. lnmd.

I feel that a column which dis-
scmiuates rumor for ruinor's snko
has no place in our coilcge news-
pupcr. And it is doubly regrettable
that u column like the "Common-
Staicr," which has such strong po-
tential us onc avciiuc of student
opinion. should be a stumbling
block instead of a stepping stone. I
roafilrm the authors' privilege to
write as they hi'll ill. but. I would
cuiphuaim their responsibility to
this extent: that they be certain
their information is sound. and
convinced that the possible dani-
age to the fecllngs of individuals
will be justified.

Sincerely,
l'at [ham '1“

Athenians. The terrors of war have
not changed in three thousand
years."

The class wishes to express its
grateful appreciation to Dr. Edith
0. Wallace. Professor of Ancient
Languages, for her assistance and
advice and for the program note
which follows.

Imagine yourselves Athenians in
the theatre in 415 BC. watching
The Trojan Women. which will win
the second prize in the series of
plays at this festival. Your city is in
the midst of your thirty-years' war.
the Pcloponnesian. Never, since his
death. soon after the war began.
has your people missed more the
wise and moderate leadership of
Pericles. Last year, that is in 416.
the Athenian War Party, llildel' Cle-
on, wantonly perpetrated the siege
of neutral Melos, the island city
which desired nothing but to re-
main neutral. All the humane ele-
ment in Athens is still shocked. But
it is not the fall of Melos alone
which the rebel poet, Euripides.
brings before you today. Rather it
is the fall of all cities in war. the
weakness of all victories in war
in which the victors suffer sacred
things to be violated. women and
children to be wantonly slain and
enslaved. There is a sure reversal
of victory in the hands of the gods
when victors so behave.

The drama which you will watch
is taken from the legend of the
fall of Troy, some thousand years
ago. Agumcmnon and Menclaus,
who led the Greeks against ’I‘i'oy,
ostensibly to recover Helen, have
besclged the city for ten years. They
are ready to sail back to Greece as
victors. One would expect a. chorus
to sing a pacon of joy. but the
chorus is the chorus of women
about to go to slavery. Poseidon.
god of the sea. and Athena, the
very goddess of your city. whose
temple glcains white on the crown
of the hill behind you as you sit
in this theatre. warn that this is
only a seeming victory for the vic-
tors; ruthcr what real victory there.
is belongs to the vanquished. ’l‘hc
victors in pride had disregarded
the sacrcd things of the gods and
have scorncd human life. The van-
quished huvc bchchd iiobly, de-
fcndlug their city. From its ashes
today may rise tomorrow its glory.
Such is the law of gods and men.
So watch for the splendor in the
tragedy of Quccn I‘iccubu. whose
husband, King Prium. is slain. in
the uguon of Cassandra, princcss of
Troy and priestess of Apollo. in tho
uttcrmost suffering of Andrommmc,
wife of l‘lcctor, chicf dci'cndcr of
Troy, and pci'ilups for you the final
dirgc can have some note of tho
future which Athena and Poseidon
proinisc in thc prologue.

liilil‘lllltlun knows that legend, and
so do you. that a ucw civilization
will be created by oxllcs from this
iulicli city.

 

 

enormous-m

By COBBAIOON and ma

 

~
INTERLUDE?

Caught between two vacations. our mind turns to
the nature of these respites. Could it be that some
diabolical mind devised these false raisers of hope?
It's quite possible to believe when we consider the
plight of the student. He spends the We weeks be-
fore parole day in eager anticipation and then trudges
his way home. What happens? If he does that paper
that is coming due and neglects his potential rest
period, he feels cheated; if on the other hand he does
no academic Work and then returns to find a mass
of accumulated work waiting, there is the sensation
of guilt created. May we suggest that Jenner et al
undertake investigation of this undermining feature
of student well-being.

WHO'S CREATING WHOM?

Tonight in Student Council a request was made by
Music Council and Dramatics and Arts Council joint-
ly for student organizations to be able to enforce the
statement on Student Tax Tickets, which states that
they are "valid only for the person whose name ap-
pears here." We think that we paid and have the
right to go to the functions under Student Associa—

tion and therefore if we don't intend to go, we haVe
the right to give our ticket to someone who wants to
and doesn’t have the privilege. The logic is correct,
but the outcome is financially painful to the whole
Student Association. The organizations under the
budget are supposed to turn over the receipts from
such a function to surplus. These receipts are sub-
tracted each year from the total budget and thereby
reduce the budget as well as the amount each incli-
vidual is taxed. Another point that should be men-
tioned is the fact that organizations are required to
check people as they enter for their student tax
ticket and charge those without. It would seem to
us that two things could be lowred. one. our budget
and two, the usual whistles when the price of the
ticket is announced, if we‘d be less generous with our
tickets and if outsiders were forced to pay their
share of the price of a basketball game, play. concert,
dance or what have we!

THIS IS “SPIRIT”?

It appears that there is a spirit about the college
that is in juxtaposition with the usual “peace and
good will" theme when the Christmas Season rolls.
around. An evidence of this occurred last year when
the decorations for the Student Union's Christmas
Tree were stripped. This year, the Co-op has already
had its flickering light bulb display plundered a few
times by persons unknown. The purpose for these
actions remains a mystery to us. Certainly a materi—
al motive is not present. for of what value are a few
light bulbs or Christmas tree balls? No person of any
intelligence would plli'er this stuff to be "smart."
Why? Perhaps it is that a few people have neither
a sense of value nor intelligence.

THIS AND THAT

H Next weekend is the biggest of the semester. the
first time we've had a name band. The dance is
open to anyone, but sponsored by the fraternities and
sororities. Bids can be purchased at the desk in
lower Husted or at the door of the Ten Eyck Ball-
room on Necember 12th. . . . No Operetta again. . .
no interest. no male voices. . . . Music Council spon-
soring a guest artist in place of the operetta on March
13th. . . . December 16th is the deadline for fight
song words or music to be turned in to the Fight
Song Committee. Madelyn Meier is heading the new—
ly formed committee. . . . Registration—~11gh! . . . .
Largest crowd we’ve ever seen at a play last week. It.
pays to advertise! . . . . Fraternities are pledging and
sororities are rushing, and how!

QUESTION OF THE WEEK

Christmas card time is hcrc, where are the D1-
l'L‘CtOl'iOS?????

 

College Calendar - - -

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4

 

0 11.111. - 2 pin. Registration for Student Union llourd
Conference.

SATURDAY. I)E(.‘EMlii«Jll 5

0:30am. - ll SUB Workshop.

SUNDAY. lll'll‘EMllElt 0

0:30 p.m. SCA and l-lillcl
Washington Ave.

MONDAY. DECEMBER 7

Christmas l’ul'tj, -I-Il

12:00 noon Canterbury Club Mcoiing, ltm. lll.
'i‘llESIMY. I)E(.‘Ei\illlili ti

11:30 p.m. l)l-.‘ (liub Mcciing. llm, lvi’l
’l‘llllllh‘DAY. Illii‘l‘IMlll‘lli 10

3:30 pm. 1"iil‘iilll Mcctiug, llrupcr 11-10.
0:00pm. Canterbury (‘lub
Parish llall.

Hillili‘l‘. Hi. Andrcw's

7:30 p.m. lit'llliii‘ Class Mcriing, lirulnichcr.

 

 

 

Primer Request
Creative Writing .EgyptuMy Country.

Primer is now accepting manu- Misg Myaat Nashed' Grad. Wm
icmﬁé ﬁnoggﬁzsr ﬂagiﬁﬁefyme speak to the student ‘bodyoninthr;
5lfi‘he Signiiscripts may include po- 533$}? 'K‘égg‘igy Fggggltw’" am
etry’ Short Stories' essay-8’ crmqlies’ hounces Frank Shepard ’54. Pub-
svie‘ssantennas  ﬁh'ecforeofrggggy gm
lanyathe isgiter.‘ If the authlor E51335 Yéllattazgfsg gem. in Drapér 349.
to use a pen name, he $1011 - L a Dr Robert Hemow‘

‘ - " ‘ , nan1e_ 1181’. 111011 1 . . ~ .

(llgate'_5uc.rl‘l ungezcgggtlzgy work Professor of_ Social Studiess‘ini a
Pr'iliiieil l?” '1 ligrso‘n who is not reg- Forum meemng‘ 5130keMiiJlli 1131;311:21-
       
' '- ' = : 1 1c fli— - -. ‘ ‘
illgttniilnii‘enisniigiegivcn at State. feelst tililtd themztulcilee‘i‘i:
 IL ‘ ‘ V . body will be in eres e A .

. The deadline for all manuscripts (m “:1, home country. its Peopl‘e’ my,
is March 1’ States MISS Bymo‘d he Egylzitiatnddemocracy 5 place .11

Officers of the Primer Boar are we won 0 ﬂy.
as follows: Editor-in-Chiel, MarVin All students me urng to attend
ammo“; Literary Edwin" Patricia this session in Forum's series of
Byyne, Seniors; Art Edli()'1~,IR,()n'¢Ll(l interesting Speakers on vmmus I‘m}
Kostmli Busmess Mmmgel' Joan ics. The audience is invited to mine
CMHH' Jumors' picparcd to participate in the in-
formal question and answer period
which will follow Miss Nasheds
speech.

Miss Nashed‘s program of gradu-
ate study at State College is made
possible by the funds raised at last
year's animal State Fair.

Upperclassmen Pledge
KB, APA, Potter, SL5

(Continued from Page 1, Column 2)

Kappa Beta recently pledged Ger-

. (1 Cuba '55. and Richard Tinapp d
iiiid Mal Kavulak. S()1)illillll’l01'(1381.\1phl Pe ogogue erlers
’ ‘cn U )Jcrclassmcn 1) cc gec I l M 
PiI Allliiii, according tOIIRlClllilllgl To 93' Dec "1e
" w '7 resident. "icy . ' : ' H
  and Jack Kai-sten, A1 lolwmimuons \ym'd: are 
SUililll‘S, illld ’l‘llylvll Lildd, Wililillll hm stories for [he :(:(l‘lig()g:]0(l:‘dlin_o
Su'cnson,Whiison Waltcr,.la<'k Cur- mmd in their copy. )3 Lll‘c (Kimmek,
(lcllo, Curl l'tcynolds, Charles M(.'- Monday, announces Eve-5n . .
llni‘g. liobcrt Jcnnings, Sophomores, '54‘ manor of ledagogut,
“ml “mm Chm"  The writers of the articles should
Poitcr Club has plcdgcd Ronald mum in their work to the C(llfgh Ol
Kosicr  and William LuBni'r. :1 member of the Pediggmuli:.511”?g
Hi‘l‘llill'fl Fluhcriy, llrucc Marsh. and The l’edagogue “ha‘s 15:33 (mg! 2”.)
Arnold Schonbcrg, Sophomores. annual ycurixmk sinner H Li. H. “1.1)-
stutcs .lumcs li‘inncn ‘54, Prcsidcni. min-ml sludan purilcat ([100, émcu
.I‘hc following incii lui\'c plcdgcd poricd llli(l('-r u“. bLl-ls'e‘ni‘ '1‘ _vwid
Sinnm lillillinl Sigma. reports Eu- Mny ol ‘1939'. ftljiitsstciis 0.0””.ng
cciic Wl‘ljl)  President: Robert rccord of n ycai lit” instalmle Ag—
Minstcr, Edgar Alli-n, Richard Vun- oil the aciwitics o .n. m“ in gel.)-
slcllc, and l‘clcr chillc. Sopho- sociniion and (.iinpus (
morcs, uiiil Duvnl Mimi. '55. crul.

L‘s-r.- ..,. . w...

 

As

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 4. 1953

F W'll P i
s Szgznier ('Dn gisbeigci,  U

 

 

       

 

State’s delegation: llopko. Hathaway. Railing. Betscha. The pro—

gram appears below.

The following is the program for
the Association of College Unions
Fifth Animal Regional Conference
to bc held here today and tomorrow.
Friday

9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.
Registration Upper Lounge
2:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.

Opening Session for
Staff and Students Lower Lounge

Presiding: Miss Mary Aim Reiiing.
Chairman. Student Union Board.

Topic: “The Union’s Place in the
Campus Program."

Moderator: Mr. Edward Malloy,
Columbia College.

4:30 p.m.
Tours of the Collcgc Campus.
5:00 p.m.

(Yofi‘cc llour lippcr Loungi-

Exhibits Government Room
0:45 p.m.
Banquet Main Dining Room

8:30 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.
l'anci Discussions for
Staff and Students Lower Lounge
Moderator: Mr. Philip Price. Dean
of Students. Clarkson College of

Technology.
Topic: “Some Aspects of Leader-
ship."

10:00 p.m. - 12:00 p.m.
informal Party Dining Room
«Music by the Campus Screnadersl
Saturday

0:30 11.111. - 11:00 “.m.
Workshop for
Students Lower Lounge
Workshop for Staff Upper Lounge

11:00 a.m. - 11:30 a.m.

( ‘of fee llour Lower Lounge
11:30 am. - 12 noon
Final Session Lower Lounge
chort of Sumimirizers. .
Announcement of 1954 Conference.
Adjournment.

PAGE I

nions Hold Conference

uests Of State SUB;

Students To Represent
New York, Canada

Today and tomorrow New York

State College for Teachers at A1-
bany will play host to the Associa-
tion of College Unions at their fifth
annual Regional Conference.

Mary Ann Belling '54, Chairman

of Student Union Board, will be

hostess along with Mrs. Merlin W.
Hathaway, Director of Brubacher
Hall. Mrs. Hathaway, Miss Reiling,
Mary Ann Hopko ’54 and Roberts.
Betscha ‘56 are members of the
Steering Committee.

Representatives at the conference
will include students and staff
members as delegates. numbering
110. from 25 colleges. They will
stay at the Dertt Clinton Hotel
and hold their meetings at Bru-
bacher. Chairmen of the Conference
Committees are as follows: Hospi-
tality, Mary Ann Hopko; Registra-
tion. Robert Betscha; Party, Joseph
Kelly; Decorations. Joan DeCicco.
Sophomores; Exhibits, R o b e r t
Burns; Printing, Shirley Callahan,
freshmen; Coffee hours, Edna
Standley; Banquet, Patricia. Theo-
bold, Juniors.

The following colleges will be
represented: University of Buffalo,
Clarkson College of Technology,
Colgate University, City College of
New York. Columbia University.
Cornell University. Hofstra College.
Pratt Institute. RPI. Rochester In-
stitute of Technology, University of
Rochester, Russell Sage College, St.
Lawrence University, Albany SCT,
Brockport. Cortland, Fredonia, Gen-
eseo. New Paltz, Oneonta. and 05-
wego State Teachers Colleges, Buf-
fulo College for Teachers, Platts-
burg STC, Potsdam STC, and Uni-
versity of Toronto and McGill Uni-
versity.

 

 
 

started. . .

Tyrone Power says: "I had it
tough bucking ‘ii'adition' to get
into movies. First. a famous
grcot-grundi'aihcr actor. same name.
('lroinli'uihcr and Dad, too ~ both lug in
ihc ihcuirc. [was burkcr at a Fair liciorc
uuyonc guyc inc :1 chance. 'l‘hcn, bit player,
I hard work and cycntunlly 1 made it!

  
 

undcrsl udy,

 

A" i wxz'

Start smoking
Camels yourself

Hmon only (‘umcls
i'oi‘ Ilo :iuys :ind find
out why i‘u|uc|:~: ui‘c
lllhl in lliliiilll'HH, ilu~
\'Hl :iml populuriiy!
Hi-c lio\\' llllll‘ll |Il|l'l'
picunul'i- u clgui'ciic
run y.ch you!

 

For MIdeess .4414 Flavor  

. AMEiS AGREE wmr

THAN ANY OTHER.

 

MORE

CIGARETTE l.

          
 
   
 
 

“I TRIED CAMELS
FOR 30 DAYS-

THEY HAVE THE

MILDNESS I WANT
AND THE RICH

THAT SUITS ME

THEY'LL. SUIT

      
   

 
  

FLAVOR

 
     
 

TOAT

 
   
     
 

YOU,TOO!”

    
 
 
 
 
  
 
       
   
   
     
 

 

 

 

 

