 

 

 

  

, . V... --.~>m....¢m‘inxtma-‘umF‘ﬂNWﬁt‘ﬁf'g’S‘W

 

PAC! 3

Homecoming . . .

Tomorrow we will enjoy the results of
several weeks of close planning and penny-
pinching. The Student Council Home-
coming Weekend Committee has worked
long and hard toward the successful in-
auguration of Homecoming as a new State

tradition. The schedule of the day’s events
comprises our lead story on page one.

A punch party with no admission charge
has more than a good chance of being a
success. The free dance has even a better
chance, since the entire school is invited.
Varsity soccer games are expected to bring
out a crowd of fans, and with the added
attractions at tomorrow’s game, should
have no trouble with attendance.

But does the measure of success of Home-
coming lie in the numbers in attendance at
the events? We suggest not. We maintain
that the purpose of the event is to provide
an entertaining program for returning
Alumni, thereby stimulating their interest
in Alumni and school affairs. At Student
Council Wednesday night, the committee
reported having received only twenty af-
firmative replies to its letter of invitation
to Homecoming. Approximately seven hun-
dred invitations were mailed. Is the spend-
ing of over $500 from boosters, class treas-
uries, and other donors justified for the
amusement of twenty returning Alumni?

Of course the committee is planning on
entertaining more than twenty Alumni,
since many people never RSVP to an invi-
tation. Alumni who are still at State are
expected to turn out, in addition to those
living in the Albany area. The experimental
nature of the program is certainly to be
considered when judging its performance
this year. The selection of a more con-
venient date, perhaps coincidental with the
New York State Teachers Association Con-
ference, may raise the possibilities of future
success. Next week in Assembly you will
be asked to express your opinions concern-
ing future Homecoming plans. We urge
the consideration of the above facts before
your decision is made.

Responﬂbility .l . . “m

It is taken for granted that any member
of Student Association who runs for an
elected office has sufficient interest in the
position to which he aspires to attend all
the meetings as are humanly possible for
him. Student Board of Finance has been
faced with the problem of several of its
members not being able to attend any
meetings. The solution accepted by Stu-
dent Council was one that we have long
advocated. Resignation of any member
unable to attend meetings is requested (ex-
cept in the case of off-campus practice
teachers). This seems to us to be a move
toward better student government and
thereby a better school. We hope it is re-
ceived as a precedent by other organizations
faced with the same problem.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IDII

IY THI GLAD. OF 19!!

 

VOL. XXXVIII October 30, 1053 No. 7

Members of the NEWS staff may be rcuchcd Tuesday and
Wednesday from '1 to 11 p.111 at 2—3330, Ext. 11. Phones.
Moore and Ruben, 2-8320; Ashiioid, :i-llfiiiii, Eldred and (ierig,
2-0612; Surtoe, 2-3320.

The undergraduate newspaper of lliil New York Htlilii
College for Teachers; published uvury Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Ilourd for the Student Anwclation.

EVELYN ltUimN - - - - - - - - - (lo-I'Ziiitor-in-(lhlnl'
JOANNE MOORE - - - - - ‘ - - - (Jo-Eiilior-in-(lliiof
"WINE BLDIIEI) - - - - - - - - - (lo-Managing iiditor

RALLY (“5|th - - ~ - - - - - - (Jo-Managing i-Iilitor
JOYCE Hlllt'l'lil'l - - - - - - e - I'llblio lioiiiiloiiii lidiior
ALICE MAHIIOIAN - - - - - ~ - - ()irouluiion liditor
luullt'li'l‘ AHliI’IEIJ) - - - - - - - - - - Sports Editor

IAYMONI) WOLFE ~ - - - - - - Honior i-lportl Member
MAItl’J. HCIin-ll'tiillt — - - liunincim-Adveriliiiuu Manager
WILLARD lil‘Zl’l‘Z - - - - - - - - - - Alloolitte Editor

 

All communications should he addressed to the editor and
intuit be signed. Name» will be withheld upon meat.
The STATE COLLEGE NIQWH iiuuuinoii no roopoiniliility
for opinions or iroumsd in its columns or communications
iui ouch exprch on» do not necessarily reﬂect its view.

 

0-”

 

ITATI COLLIGI NIW‘. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 30. 1953

 

 

 

 

 

1NDIAN SUMMER cones TO STATE

 

 

"WM

by t. henry smith

 

boredom is the original sin; the one does not love the person so
only baptism is in fire. much as the love one finds
only mediocre people have opinions. Wtihin him-
consider the hypocrisy of democ-i dread the lovers of ideas who
racy the immortality of equal- think they are lovers of art.
ity, which is a downward pull.
fact is not alter-able; trust is not
alterable, but it tends to alter
itself.
some cannot live by ideals, others the exam is to the 16311111118" PI'OCGSS
cannot live by illusions; there What “‘0 lﬂtl'mc 13 t0 the (11‘
are yet those who cannot live Q'ESUVC DI‘OCCSS-
up to either; they call them- not to cut a class which falls to in-
selves reahsts. terest one is to sin against one‘s
one tires so soon of lovers who con- imellecmﬂl mtegl‘ity.
slder passion mere horizontal it is absolutely imperative that one

one goes to philosophy for ideas;
whereas, one must bring ideas
to art.

fistlcuffs. behave unlntelllgently; how else
ignorance is fabulous; if silent, it 15 one to benefit from exl’el'i'
remains impregnable and sug- ence-

gests a glow of brilliance cn- to tell all too insistently is the
tirely its own. epitome of cruelty.

the only noble act one -an commit a personality completely without
is withdrawal to a hermitage; rose is the result of a mind
for such an, act would be a sin completely without foresight.
“Hum”? fmes Seu- for a teacher to reward a student

how egotistical we are! that we for achievement is to impr that
allow ourselves the luxury of he has learned nothing that, in
wasted time. itself, has worth.

to approach a book in boredom or it too often seems that the number
by force is absolutely immoral; of seeking minds in a country
to leave a great book in any at- is inversely proportional to the
titude but that of humility is numbers of schools.

unfortunate. ~ - - ~
‘ puritamsm is the beginning of all
great lusts.
the true lovers of life are those who

7W’ In 74¢ 7m .
throw it away most thought-
By JOYCE DIAMANT fully.
integration does not imply singu-
larity: witness thc duplicity oi‘
the rose.

the only loss Worth losing is one‘s
soul,

the price of virginity hardly seems
proportionate to its rewards.

there is no greater cvidcnce of SL'ilSi'

 

 

“Carmen Jones," Oscar Hammer-
stein‘s adaptation of Blzet's opera,
will be presented at the RPI Field
House in Troy, Monday at 8:45 pm.
Muriel Ralm and a cast of ten will
star in the concert version of the
show. which was recently it musical .
hit on Broadway. This version con- (:1 Tumor 9mm mm “mm, m
thins all the songs, dialogue, drama, “ﬁlmy one", “I”
comedy. and satire of the original “"l’mlm ‘5 5" VMW“ “5 mslm‘“
production tion; nor has anything brokcn

Hunnnersteln’s book differs from mm“ M “WW “0508'
the “Ngnml “1M.” M 8m“: only m We are never quite so pointless as to
swung. um, “mu The COMM,” VCF say What Wc mean—one hopes.
sion rte-locates the scene from Spain, sincerity is too often a mcrc excuse
to the American South and ad- for l'lidcness.

Vance-5 the time to World Will“ II. tolerance of one‘s own shortcomings

Another musch event, taking is almost 118 adolescent us lil-
pliice on Monday is the appearance lluiifl'tlnt’e 01' tho SlIUI'U'iillillliiS
of Christopher Lynch, tenor star of “l UWCI'S-
radio and concerts. Mr. Lynch will what is more llli)(l('l'll than indif-

iippeiir at St. Patrick's Auditorium, icrcnce?
17,9' Cemml AVUHW- "ll “350 I’vm- genius is more easily igiioi'ed than
Ihe Octuvo Singers, in their twen- measured.

tlcth season of performing, will give 1 . v -. ‘ .. - -

it concert at the Union Collcge Mo- Lm  Lanyhliilll‘lh 1h “5

inorlul Chapel. Tuesday at ii p.m. , ’ ‘  .

(ioi'doii Mason will conduct the W”)an me (.“w “WIND” “x9115”

group as they present Dvoruk‘s "'l‘c n,” _  ,hmdum', may “I “

Down” and “The Snug of Ann’s" by tinc'litis (ollcgc is the pcduntic

Charlotte Lockwood (Jordan. The “ml “I.le mmnu'uw'

group includes Frederick Leclmcr, ‘ “I’m “1 “ “mum. “"“”‘““"

burnmm, Sum Mm, Enclm' Hm rhupsodics, art rcmiuns undo-

pruno; Jeanette ()dusz, pianist, and mm"

Duncan ’l‘rottcr Gillespie, organist. “110 WWW" 01' UN} “NW "N" “1111111”!

’l‘li:kirtu may be purchased from innumerable present-day saints.

l)(’ii"()illiy Clicrubini '54. nothing is so impressive as a state—
lho Albany Artist (iroup will hold ment absolutely without mean-

its annual show at the Albany 111- ing.

stltuto of History anti Art from No~ what is the secret in the poct'ii

mother 4 to 30. heart?

USP-

 

amen-514144

By GENE WEBB

 

‘

MALADY -

Our jovial co-author of this weekly bit succumbed
to an alien bug. Young Miss Cossaboon is now resid-
ing in St. Peter's Hospital pitching a battle against
a recalcitrant appendix, the vestige of a good clean
life. I’m sure that she would be most happy to re-
ceive any cards that you would send her. Let’s make
this “Assist an ailing author against additional
arquebusades accumulated as average aversions
awakened an appendix aggravation” Week,

APATHY AGAIN

At the senior class meeting on Tuesday last, there
was once again insufficient attendance to reach a
quorum. Until the necessary few decide to show up,
the class's hands are tied in all voting matters. Why
not munch away in Room 20 next Tuesday and help
your class get caught up with its business.

DIRTY DIGGINS

We had occasion last week to see the Sophomores
conceal their banner. Just idly driving home, we
saw Bill Small's car parked in front of school and
stopped to see what he was doing studying in the
library at 1 am. This observer was quite amazed
when he saw the concrete block in which the banner
was hidden. The bm-ying of the time capsule was
nothing compared to the grunts and glub-glubs as
the block was lowered into the hallowed ground.
Damnedclever, these boys.

FIRST STEPS

With Homecoming Weekend starting tomorrow, we.
cannot overemphasize our support. State has a vast
number of graduates and their organization in such
a weekend will be beneficial both to the school and
the individuals. We hope that it is a success and
future years will see expansion of the idea. By this
time, we will have assumed the greying mantle of
the nostalgic grad.

()PERETTA

The planned Victor Herbert operetta is dying a
slow death of atrophy. If support isn't forthcoming
soon, the production will have to be junked. It seems
a shame to have this happen after all the work that
has already been done and the benefits in entertain-
ment that We would all receive from its performance.
Why not give Music Council a hand?

RHYTHM

The beaucoup lucre in the IFC—ISC bankbook has
finally made it feasible thope we don't get a penalty
for bouncing this word around wildly. Mr. Prima and
accompanying horn will make the evening well worth
the outlay of four bills.

REJUVENA’I‘ION

The Student Union has a much improved appear-
ance as a result. of two steps. iii the removal ol' ihost.
tottering ping-pong tables from the game room and
(2) the beginnings of the murals by Alice O'Neill
and George Hathaway.

With the game room looking so much better, we
hesitate a bit at the thought 01' putting ping-pong
tables back into the room. A possible solution for-
warded by Bob Coan is to use the little room off the
game room foi' the l‘ollowurs oi' the bouncey sport.
Now used as a storage room, the conversion could
probably be worked easily.

The geomctric tracings on the oils that were
baffling evcn ninth majors are blossoming. By the
time that all i'our Willis are completed, every fra-
ternity and sorority will have some type of representa-
tions and typical college scclics will be depicted. It's
a top idea, and one that brighicns up the Snack Bar.
liNWAN’I‘EI)

While wc'ri- on the subject. oi' the Student Union
:1 word about those you—know-Whut~klnd—of innnll'es:
tutloiis. All other reasons exhausted, the mild autumn
weather has ruined cvcn that (ilic of last rcsin'tr-
climatic dci.crminisrn. As with any type of freedom.
thcrc is a corollary of responsibility. Just bcciiusc
the Union is comparatively unrestricted there is no
rcusoii to carry on disgusting displays such as couch-
length necking in thc downstairs lounge.

MARRIED!

we're not surc that. these sorority parties i'or fru-
tcrnilics aren't going a littlc too far. A Vetcran now
of ilvc of them, wc found ourselves Mondin in a ter-
rlblc spot. Murrlugc! Yes, that i‘cnrl'ul act was car-
ried out. ovcr our llicn unprotcsting hcads all tln‘cc
of us. ‘Would it be safe to assume iliiit tiicrc uri-
ucquisitivc intcrcsts afoot? 'l‘ln'ough ihc inicrvcntion
oi Filtlli‘l' lsnmon, a. quick annulment. was granted
allowing the clear air of freedom to unit through our
vucnous noodlr- illoncsi, MAR, we don‘i mciin Iii.
DIGIiA’l‘E ()Iv‘ 'l‘lllt‘ WICIGK
lultcsolvcd: 'l‘hut ltcpublicnn rcign rcslorcd rollicking
' n.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, ()("l‘Oliltlt .‘lii
ilrilii to 11 pin. Hoc llop, l’ugc (iyni
HA’l‘l'liliAY. ()("i‘iililt‘ll 1H

9-H u.m. Iloinccoming Itcgisirulion, lli'llliiil’lli'l'
12:00 [1.111. Hliili' vs. I.IU.

5-01) pm, l’uncii i’m'iy, l)chi.i, ('iinlon.

0:00 pm. Dance, llrnluiciior

Hl'NliAY, NOVEMBER I

ll ~ 1) pm i’ici'ci~ lliiil ()pcn llouw.

Li -5 p.111. l’olicr (fiub ()pcn llousc.

7:30 pm. Norman 'l'iionuis, Madison Ave. l’rcsbv-
tcriiin Church. I

 

 

STAT! COLLIOI NIWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 30. 1953

  

 

New. Members
Join Collegiate

SingersI Group

Peterson Announces
Schedule For Preccice

After several weeks of hearing
tryouts, Karl A. B. Peterson, As-
sistant Professor of Music, has re-
leased a list of the new members
of the Collegiate Singers. Members
of the group meet at noon, Mon-
days and Thursdays.

The sopranos are: Joell Dolan
’55, Jean Hageny, Susan E. Garrett.
Sophomores; and Janice Cham-
pagne, Barbara Braun, Shirley Can-
avan, Mary Stowell, Mary Frenyea,
Patricia Hall, and Margaret Ham-
ilton, freshmen.

Alto members of the group are:
Norma De R005 ’54: Margaret Neil—
sen and Cathleen Fennel]. Sopho-
mores: and Julie Fink and Mar-
garet Culligau, freshmen.

Male members of thc Collegiate
Singers include the tenors: Henry
Berleth '54, Robert Stimson. Domi—
nick De Cecco, Horace Crandcll.
Richard Erbarker and Edward
Jones, freshmen.

Bass singers are: James Conway
'54, Harlow Cushman and Robert
Minster, Sophomores; and Pctcr
Booke, Clyde Payne, Doiiuld But-
ter, and Willis Bosch, freshmcn.

'1‘hirty-fivc formcr singcrs will
bring the mcmbcrship of thc Coi-
lcg'iiitc Singers up to over sixty.
George Dunbar  will bc accom-
panist i'or the group, according to
Dr. Peterson.

Prima Will Play
For [Winterlude’

Plans arc in progrcss ior ihc
l'ortlu-omlng Winterludc, which is
sponsilrcd jointly by Inicr-li‘raicrniiy
Council and lntcr-Sororily Council.
liouis Prima. and his Orchestra have
been secured to play at ihc ball in
the Hotel ’I‘cii Eyck in Dcccmber,
discloses Robert Sage '55, Prcsidciii.
of lntor-Fraternity Council.

Bids for flu- lllllllilll ball will be
sold for four dollars pcr couple.
The dance, which will be iroin lU
pm. to 3 am, will feature a "Show-
111:111" thcmc, in the main ballroom,
The date has bccn sci. for Dcccmbcr
1:3 by IF'C.

[f the weather pcrmils, according
to Saigc, there will be it conicsi bc-
twccu ihc sororities and irntcrnitics
on campus for the creation of the
most original and cli'cciiyc snow-
man or snow display. Snow sculp—
turi-s will be situiued around thc
campus.

l-‘ubiiciiy for flu- ball will bc ,.upcr-
yiscd by l)ciorcs Moniuibuno "so and
l'liigciic chb 'S-i. (icncrui Chair-
mun will bc liobci'i Sagc ":35 and
Joint Holy. '54, according to Hugc.

Pierce To Welcome
Open House Guests

'l‘lic rcsulcncc hulls imtc piumicd
chcrnl nciiVitics for ths \\cckciid.
(lolicgi- lliiliht‘ has 111sinllcil olili‘ci's
whiic lliiliop llonsc has installed it
Ill'\\‘ plionc.

A11 opl'ii lioiioi' \\'1ll lli' i‘oiiihu'icd
.11. l’icrcc lluli Sunday irom :i to o
11111., according 11: A1111 Vigliuiilc '51.),
Vicc l'i'csidciii. o1 lhc iloiisc. (loin-
miii.cc i'llitll'llli'li for this cycni arc:
iicncrul (llliili'lllllli, Aim Vigilunic
1).); iii'ii'i-sliiiiciils, licuii'ii'c i'Liigci-
lini'di, Iti'i'oi‘ds, l"1'niu‘cs Moiuilnili;
lliihli'Hnt‘h, Dorothy itiisiniisscii,
Sophoinoi'cs, niui Chain-up, Joan
M.iI./.ol.lii 'li'l.

(lolli‘gi‘ lliillbl' i1.i:-i i‘lt'i'ii'il 1l:. iii—
iii'i-rs ior llu- coming yciii'. 'I‘iicy
lll't', Picsiiicni, i'lnuiic Vil\‘|ii, Vici-
l’ri-snicni, i'hyllis ltobcrls, and
.‘w‘ci'l'cini'y-»'l‘1‘i-u:.111'i-1', (lliii‘ii'i- Cult"
mun, all 11'c:.inncn. A (lilli' puriy
ionighi. ii'om ii to 12 midnight \\1|i
Iiiuligiii‘uii' ihi: soi'iiil :vi'iihiili ill. thc
ilousc. (icncriil (.‘liuninun for this
i-vciii is Miss itobci‘is.

This now tclcpiionc inoiiiiicd ltl.
ililliop ilousi- has the number
:E—U'Ill, rcporis l)1l\'iil Kl'liilli: 'h'i',
i’rcsidcni, 'l'ho House phone for—
mcriy 1qu the sonic numbcr 11,-.
licwcy‘s Hnnck “or, which was
ii—Uiiuii.

 

0m 0n ‘71“ 4%

By FRITZ CRUMB

 

Last Thursday evening, the AD.
class presented its best bill to date.
Mr. Orser showed what a sensitive
job can be done with amateur play-
ers and a difficult script. Harry
Warr, as the symbol of intellect
gone sour, gave just the right touch,
by gesture and voice, to a role that
could have been overdone; Sue
Hoogkamp, by means of well
thought out, stylized movement and
phrasing, gave a striking portrayal
of a. society that had grown hard
and brittle. The whole effect of
the first scene was taut. and left
us with the feeling that a sharp
blow would have shattered the whole
thing.

With Don Vollinger's entrance as
Fate, the mood of the play changed.
His voice and excellent makeup well
foreshadowed what was to come.
Ross Hack and Jim Erlandson were
complciely human, in fine contrast
to the people in the first part.
They showed us the complete hope-
lessness ol' their situation. and with-
out overacting, brought the scene to
its inevitable end. Seldom have we
see. anything as final as Fate clos—
ing the prompt book of life.

And. “da Capo,“ life went on
again, with the return of the two
from the beginning. The world once
again at liomc for the mad tea
iarty.

The whole play giivc 11s the lin-
preSslon that the players understood
what thcy were about, and for this,
much thanks to the director for a
line job.

The second half of the bill was
a vehicle for a small boy, and Miss
Mciuin was blessed with her broth-
cr. He carried his part like an old
pro; 1101, once did we sense him
“acting.” Again, a good job on the
part of the director. It isn't easy
to work with small boys and get.
this type of performance.

 

Strange Things
Are Happening’

('onsidcring the amount of
nocturnal jolliiy prevalent in
this mid-sem season, it seems
doubtful that midnight is any-
more the Witching hour.

llmvsoincvcr, tomorrow night
being llallowccn, midnight will
revert to its old traditions. lic-
causc that‘s when all professors
drop their briefcases, take off
their classroom masks and
broomstick it up to the moon.
There they whoop it up and
devise their individual marking
systems through scarlet magic.
Not just ordinary black magic,
you understand, but scarlet
magic.

That means that they have
to work tripli- abracadabras. iii-
\'okc all ihc ghouls who wrote
ihc texts, and stick pins in the
li‘rcsliman-lSattcry profiles of
each student.

And all this while the un-
suspecting students are sitting
hnrmlrssly in Brubachcr “ltl‘ll
staring apailu-iically at the corn
shocks or dancing Iiingiiidly to
the strains of such (lead times
as "Honey in the Horn." "Iu‘h
('umpari," or "llunnin' Wild."

 

 

eammccd' tend

 

'l'i) 'l'lii- l'I(|1iiii‘

Would ll not be nn-c ior ihc per-
son uho wroic liic commciii. cniitlcd
"Library Nights" 111 ihc last issue «11'
ihc Ncws to mine and talk wiih inc
about ihc situation? ’l‘hus fur
nciihcr lust your nor this ycur has
any onc of llic sludcnts conn- to
iulk oycr ihc sliniiiion With us. I
shall bc hind 1o lnlk with one or
morc ri-prcscnlhiiycs m rcgurd to
ihc siiuuiion.

Vcry cordially yours.
Mary I12. (‘obb,
Librarian.

 

l"i11c ilry (‘lcuning‘

'l'ci. 61%|”)?! 2503 Qllilll Hi.

 

The rest of the case, however, was
a disappointment for the most part.
Pete Garcia read his lines with
little feeling for the character. Per-
haps more naturalness of diction
would have been of help here.
Marty Bush seemed to lack depth
as the old man. But this may well
have been a fault of the script.
Bob Burns. with his natural awk-
wardness, reminded us of Frank
Hodge at times. His was perhaps
the best characterization among
the older players. With a bit more
work, he could develop into a good
comedian.

In spite of the foregoing, the play
left us with a warm feeling, which
is what we think the author wanted
it to do.

At last we found someone who
doesn‘t agree with us. So we asked,
as: a favor, that he write a second
review. And, for your ediflcatlon or
ours, it appears below.

By the way, Don Ducios is look-
ing for a small dog to use in his
forthcoming play . . . no gag, he
needs one. If you have one that
will he still l'or a while, Don says
to let him know via student mail.

Till next week . . .

Veterans Society
FormsConstitution

The recently drafted constitution
of the Veterans' Society was pre-
sented to the group at the noon
meeting Wednesday, according to
Robert Jennings '56, chairman. Al
Finklcstein read the document
which was composed by the twelve—
man Constitutional Committee.

Dr. Robert Rienow, Professor of
Social Studies, helped and advised
the Committee in the framing of
ihc Constitution. It was accepted
unanimously by the Society and will
now be placed before Student Coun-
cil for its approval.

Thc organization has purchased
a biillitin board wl.‘(i. will be
placed in Lower Draper sometime
next week.

There will be a mccting Wednes-
day noon, at which the veterans
will discuss cities and will elect of-
ficers. This meeting will be very
important and all members are
urged in attend. Further notices
will be placed in Student Mail giv-
ing more definite information about
the meeting.

Students To Hear

Norman Thomas

Thc Madison Avenue Presbyteri-
an Church will sponsor Dr. Nor-
man Thomas on November 1 .it
7:30 pm. Dr. 'i‘homiis will meet
collch students and young adults
in the church parlor after his ser-
mon.

Dr. 'l‘iioimis was a Presbyterian
minister lll New York City from
1910-1931. llc ran for mayor of
tlic city, the goi'crnorship of the
State of Ncw York and i'oi' the
presidency of the Unitcd States
on ihc Socialist party Although
ncvcr clccicd, his influence has
bccn felt on American political lil'e.

An informal "btiil sisslon” with
the collcgc students and young
adults will feature a discussion on
iuicsiions asked by thc group. All
inicrcstcd students and their friends
arc wclcome to attend the evening
scrvicc and group discussion in the
church parlor.

The Madison Avcnuc Presbyterian
Church is located at it'll) Madison
Avcnuc.

Debaters Initiate

Year’s Program
Willi RPl Team

State College debaters initiated
their forensic program Saturday,
with four practice debates held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.

The event marked the initial col-
leglate debating for Emelia Navor
and Richard Clifford, freshmen;
Lorna Gabbraith ’55, and Marie
McBreene ‘54. Experienced debaters
who participated were Joanne Doyle,
Edward Lehman and James Thomp-
son, Seniors, and Vera Kuharsky '55.

Four teams met Union College
Debate team on Wednesday evening.
These arguing the affirmative were:
Vera Kuharsky, Gloria Migliore, '54,
Walter Plaisted '57. and Edward
Lehman. Rita Coan '57, Joanne
Doyle, Richard Shaper, '54. and
Barbara Salvatore ’56, upheld the
negative.

Tomorrow the debate team will
journey to Hamilton College, where
it will meet teams from twelve other
State Colleges. Our college will be
represented by four novice debaters.

Debate Council is coached by Mrs.
Elnora. D. Carrino, Instructor in
English.

The officers of Debate Council
are: Richard Shaper '54, President;
James Thompson '54, Vice Presi-
dent; Jane Creswell '56, Secretary;
and Jo—Aune Doyle ‘54, Treasurer.

DE Club Visits. A
Model Business, “
Schedules Clinic

Distributive Education Club will
sponsor its annual merchandising
clinic Monday through Friday, No-
vember 2 to 6, in Room 147, Draper
Extenstion, reports Reno s. Knousé,
Professor of Commerce. The theme
for this year's clinic will be “Mod-
ern Practices in Retailing." Local
merchants have been invited to
speak before DE classes during this
coming week.

Speakers at the clinic will be:
Mrs. Monique Jones. Buyer of Cos-
metics for Flah & 00.; Florence
Terrel, Personnel Manager of W. E.
Grant & 00.; Richard Lippincott,
Personnel Manager of Montgomery
Ward Retail Shop; Mrs. Edith F.
Hayter, Personnel and Training
Director of W. M. Whitney dt 00.;
and Vincent Micel, Promotion Di-
rector of McManus 8t Reilley. Isa-
bell Martin '54, President of DE
Club, will be in charge of arrange-
ments along with Professor Knouse,
Sponsor of the Club.

A group of thirty-two Commerce
and DE students recently took a
field trip to Oneonta in order to
tour Bresee's Department Store.
Some of the highlights of the tour
were a. fi'ee lunch at the store's
famous Health Bar and an infor-
mative lecture describing the un-
usual publicity and promotional
policies of this model department
store.

 

14me an 7/” ﬂak

By JACK JACOBUS

 

We went to last Tuesday's A.D.
plays with no idea of criticizing and
when asked to, found little that
could be criticized, in the usual
State College sense of the word.

Mr. Orser showed from the first
an excellent grasp of his play.
Realizing that the play's only fault
lay 111 its need l'or a preiatory com-
ment, the director provided his au-
dience with it in what was the
finest curtain speech we have yet
to hear.

in the role of Columbine, Miss
Hoogkamp exhibited an understand-
ing of a character who was at once
both inane and pathetic. As Pier-
reot, Mr. Warr showed its the twen-
tieth century American cynic, but
a cynic who deep inside still had
a conscience and a sense of values.

An ability l'or a most musical in-
tonation of the English language,
which has sometimes proved dis-
concerting in his previous work,
made Mr. Voellinger an extreme-
ly awe-inspiring representation of
Fate. As his two pawns, Ross Hack
and Jim Erlandson were little less
than excellent. We who are ac-
customed to think of Mr. Huck as
a comic technician, were very much
impressed with ihc pathos he
brought to the dying Corydon. Mr.
Erlundson sustained the high level
of Work of which we have long
rciilixcd him cupublc.

In short, the dircction iill(l acting
proved est-client, and, whcn coin-
blncd wiili ihc “right” sct, good
lighting, and the marvelous use of
symbolic props, it produced what
we consider the best AD play of
[he past four years.

Miss Mchim's play was a good
choice for it follow up. It showed
the nudicncc ii. delightful glimpse
of lli'e us Suroyan sees it. Mr.
Burns as the grocer turned in a
very satisfactory performance, as
(lid ihc marvelously middle-class
collcction of housewives. In her

 

LOCATED AT

 

CAFETERIA

107 CENTRAL AVENUE
84 STATE STREET

184 STATE STREET

 

 

 

 

direction of her brother, Miss Me-
han brought to State the real
warmth of an uninhibited, not-arty
child.

At first we wondered if perhaps
Mr. Bush‘s voice was not a little
too mellow for a man in such a
state of physical decrepity. But
the man with his heart in the high-
lands and his mind on his stomach
proved such a well-developed and
sustained character that we soon
forget the slight discrepancy in his
aging process.

In the role of the father, Mr.
Garcia proved adequate il' a little
spotty. His entrance clashes vio—
lently with the mood he later cre-
ated. To be sure, his sense of the
comedy in his cajoling of his son
was excellent, But his performance
was marred by a. seeming passion
for dictionary pronunciation of ar-
ilclcs which are slurred over in
spoken English.

A fair set, and again good light-
ing, costuming and makeup greatly
enhanced the overall procluctlon.
Custer Quick's soiuid effects were
well timed but lost much effect
because of a. glaring fault in props.
The front half of a slide trombone
just isn't a trumpet, even in the
World of" Sai'oyiin. This error passed
in a play such as Miss Mehan's
but would have ruined anything of
it more serious nature. We hope
this incident may impress on future
directors the need l'or correct props.

Well, what more can be said but
thanks to thc directors. We were
glad to see the AD stage finally
reach its objective-darned good
drama.

 

Almost Too Good
To Be True . . .

12” LONG
PLAYING RECORDS

Only $1.98 apiece

TchaikoVsky Symphony No. 5
Franck Symphony in D Minor

Rachmaninoff Second Piano
Concerto

Dvorak "New World" Symphony

. and many others

BLUE NOTE SHOP
156 Central Ave.

(Across from Neisner's 5 do 10)
Open 6 Nightu ’til 0

 

 

 

 

