 

 

 

 

 

 

Ma: 4 our: COLLEGE Mews. FRIDAY. AbniL 24. less

Commerce Club glacial: @WM Ruled I f f L' C '
ns ruc ors isl cuneil Hears
  mgéltngidlztefi tilt); alllclassnfﬁﬁﬁes 01f thehniav poster. Election Commis- ED AD de S I
c a n emseves w ie 5 on s a decide where the ters 
T . .t Major-Minter ofﬁclie plan. Candid’ates are to be displayed and shallxlise in I s 
o  Eb, 5 may run or any one cass o flee charge of posting them. The names of those students who S ' I c I d
and oni one Student Association , "‘
ofﬁce. Ii? a candidate is nominated POSltlvell’ "0 Blecuon material 15 22111} graalllgllgseinldmgdthe Edemen-  6 en 
The Commerce Club at State 001- for more than one ofﬁce on the to be placed in the student mail- mutt“ Classes :11 th f ‘32“ Dm-
lege is presenting its ﬁfth annual same ballot and does not withdraw boxes. No money is to be spent for released b the} t? z: ave been In .a specm semen sunday' hem
Business Education Conference to- from an but one, his name Wm he election purposes other than for E y “S we ors' in older to get some or the more
’morrow announced Patrick Carlo automattcany removed from the hat. posters, unies sapproved by Electoin Advanced Dramatlcs Stuaems pf?ss‘“g business on StUdem’ coun‘
53. president. The‘ theme of the lot, Preferences must be in the NM. Commission. All rallies will be held meet 1.“ evening ‘classes- They will 9‘15 Emma m“ 0f the WW the
confgrence Wm be A 1001‘ at Bus‘" kania mailbox, in a sealed envelope, under the supervision of Election Mesa” 3 gun'length play in May lepreaenmmesnemd several recom'
ness. by Thursday, Apr“ 30, Commission and shall be conducterl under .the “new” or the mSm‘Ct' glendatlons from the sow” Calen‘
The program will begin at 9 am- Voting for all class ofﬁces Stu. at their discretion. Failure to observe 0" M155 Agnes Funeral" “distant M committee “new” the
on the ﬁrst ﬂoor of Draper Hall Ex- dent Assoctatton' and Athletic AS_ all of these regulations will result Professor Dr EthSh' sghedunng 0f acmvmes for the fa“
tension at the College. The teach- sedation ofﬁces' shah take place m in the disqualiﬁcation of the candi- Miss Futterer announces that the 3, 9‘5“ M" Madelyn Payne '54'
ers attending the conference Will assembly, Friday, May 1. date or candidates mowed' fonowmg Juniors will be in the mnma'n’smtw that the committee
see twenty-six business machines Allcandidt f 018551 SOME Bush. Jessie Raynor.acrt1§ﬁi ‘Y‘th the Rivalry revisions‘
textbook exhiibits from 9 to 11 am. Campaign Speeches 3 es or any ofﬁce Shall and James Thompson- sophomore lows ~e Illlmﬁeﬁdaliﬁ.wﬁlﬁﬁﬂl
J

, be prohibited from maki - . .
Onl candidate f r h RE any an memb ls . .

At 11 oclock three speakers Wm y s o t epresidensy nouncements' from sitting on the Carling Sugflggguﬁléirispwgl‘ltgm {2:11 Council postpone rushing until aft-

° ’ ' er Ihnnksgiving. (2) that the re-

be presented m the Draper Hall of the class shall make campaign
Auditortum. The Honorable Francis speeches. These speeches shall be fg‘gsge-s‘giagthf/g‘tl’ge  outf bal- mg, Nancy Ann Lighthﬂll. D0145 ligious cl b
Bergan will present “A book at made 1“ respecuve Class meetings or dppearing in front £8th unds Mehan' Helen Matyka' ROSS New' ﬁrs” 5 ll refcerlnons be hem the
Lawn Hat-01d Gallagher, “A Look at and shall last no longer than two sociatlo bl 0 11 em AS“ man, John Orser, Fran Verven J um ay a temoon’ (3) that? the
Social Security," and Arthur gap. minutes per candidate. Candidates 1 m n assem y on the day 9f Harry Warr- and Arlene Yanks Al-y unlor G-mc-ie receptipn be Shortened
ner, “A Look at Insurance." for other class ofﬁces shall be intro- e 60 on m Whmh they are a cam!“ lemalre Sindents will for James. Er~ by the enmmation 01 the tour or the
duced at this time. data This mhhg shall also affect landso P ‘. , ' College, (4) that the Music Council
Bergen attended State College, ~ -- ~  all present AA officers who mi it n' amc‘a Finger and Rome” reception be Eliminat d ‘
Albany Law School. and Siena Col- Campaign'speemes for the folloW' be candidates in an election g1 H-endersQ'n' SOPhomores’ and Don" Other Ol'gamzation h We smce “'0
iege, and is now chairman of the Erie Stléderiit Associgltionmoifclilaos Shall ‘ aid Voeilmger ’54. time (5) that the Rigalf‘yogibaabtdhbl:
Judicial section of the New York e ma e n assem y, ay, April Anyone having questions ertain- Principles of sta e directi I ' ‘ .
State Bar Association. Gallagher at- 24' and shall be limited to the length ing to the regulations or tile eleu- be discussed in gthe Elenlgntzl‘lyl gigs/Editillpamiollieatwfigk oltjieifglel she
tended Syracuse University and of time here speciﬁed; tions. see an Election Commission Dramallcs class under the supervi- events bes clleduled the :1 kmgl
served overseas wtth the Armed president—3 mthuteg member immediately, Members 1h. sion of Paul B. Pettit. Assistant Moving-Up Day ee 0
Forces in World War 1, He is now Vice—President—Q minute“, elude Edward Bonahue, Louis Vion, Professor of English. The class will According to Miss Payne the re-
manager of the Albany Field Ofﬁce Secretary—1 minute Seniorsv Nancy Whittle. Peter Mc- Present three One-act plays in Jan- COmmendnliorlS were made [with tl
21f theKSOCial Segrricy Administra. presidential campaign manager— Menus. and Sylvia Semmlel‘. Juniors. uary of next year. intent to eliminate the over-crowd?
on. apner, w graduated from lmlnute. Participating sophomores will be: mg of the freshman's schedule in

Albany Business College, is associat- Candidates 10,. an other at

, udem, Ruth Brown Mari] h Din d the ﬁrst few months of the '

ed With the Connecticut Mutual Life Assoctation and Athletic Associ ' 4 It”,  ' y m 0’ Ben' ‘l ear'
ation ac Jamin Friedman, Ma _

Insurance Company' ofﬁces shall be introduced at this ry Ann JOhn

poll, Robert Lundergan Delore‘
A luncheon will be held at Bru- time. Monmﬂlb ' ' s T I C II
bacher Hall in connection with the posters am, and Judlth van Auk—  

 

 

 

Dr. Watt Stewart, Professor of en- Fl'eShman members ' '
conference at 12:45 pm. after the Posters may be displayed during History, has been awarded a grant Theresa Barber. Barry Delilglloﬁfll
actiVities at Draper Hall. Alfred J. the week Apru 27 to May 2, Candi- in aid. by the National 50018.1 501- Marie Devmel Ada E110“ Mﬂl'yiVi‘v  
Worsdeli. Jr., Deputy Commissioner dates for the ofﬁces of president} ence Research Council, to cover the E11913 Mary Jane F‘isllei'. Joan Gins-A
of the New York State Department vice_presjdent' and Secretary 01 expenses of a trip to Central Ameri- burg. Eleanor Goldman Lllll'lll Gre- The C '
of commerce, Will be the guest ' ca Wher h . _ . , l ouncll 011 Student Travel
student Association. Athletic A550- e e will do research this BOW, Jean Hageny, Anneliese Hal-t- has released information on stud t
speaker at this luncheon. The title ciatioh and Class president shah be summer. Also, Dr. Watt’s Book, nagel. Virginia Hilfiker C ' 1 m t “E - ' en
of his talk will be “A Look at the u d ,, ,, “Hem. Mi . Y R - .. -. H .v . . y . aloe .ps 0 [110136 fol the seventh
Present and th Put t. B i 3. 0W9 W10 DOStBI‘S. 25 X 20 -Can- , y Eggs- an 86 Plzzfmli is , ubhes' Milly Lou Korcykoski, Jud- summer season bcg'nning in June
id New York Siatenulésogwelus 35:5 disate: for an other Shoes shall he gilfvgérgilébllslfleghlln 1Spanitsh b the sill CIilute, Barbara Maniog Donald 1053 and ending in September 1953:
. , - . . . -. ,. , .~ g owe one p95 er! J» x gov, , , _' y 0 tie ,n 3. runs ation .lll‘ 00k. Maura Newman, Linda Three shi shave been charter ‘ I
  one  may     Sanchezl Nllesl Marianne Peckmanl Ronald accomxnocljate [nope than 
manager of the New York state on 8: POStBF- All DOSECPS must can— Reno S'Knousevpl'ofessol‘ 01' Come gatcgy' comenus Regan. Claudette dents and teachers on four major
Counc“ of Reta” Mervhan‘ts' He is form to these regulations and also merce. will attend the New York Skill mph: Sandra .Schechter. Jean Found-trip sailings-
a frequent contribuw to national Campus Commissmn regulations re, State vocational and practical Arts aw. Thomas Smith, Alan Weiner, As in past years. the Council will
trade publications and was a lectur. gardin gposters. (ﬁgnvitltiﬁncgtt'the Hotel Statlel. in and William Wilcox, states Pettii. sponsor an educational and recrea—
er in the School of Retailing at A“ posters must be approved by  Jorm  Ch“ ' . tonal program on each sailing. The
NYU' on legislation and government Election Commission. For this pm» f \,‘I da es ‘ ders‘ .meessor Library PUTChClS Cducamonal program on the eaSt-
regulation pose they shall be left, on the Cam- 0 1 0 em Languages. Will attend es bound voyage will include language
pus Commission desk m Husted not the Sixth Foreign Languages Con- Lon  - 019.5 05;. discussions on European
I I later than the day preceding the {crime at the UniverSity of Ken- 9 dying Records history, politics, art, and culture. On
  day the poster Wm go up. Posters ‘uc y from April 23 to 25. He will Th _ . the return trip, students will discuss
may be changed only if Election lead htsutesearch paper, u source we college Record Library has and evaluate their summer expeyi-
. . Commission‘s notiﬁed and appmws study of has Hummus... a Spanish plilChﬂSeLl new. records for student cnccs. TllC Council will furnish a
  Short Stat.y by Armando phlacio Vnh lllhf. Mary 'Ellzabcth Cobb, Col— collection of records. sports lilllCl
deg at the Spanish sectlon of tho Bee Libizirlan discloses that the game equipment. and a selection of

  Books conference, records are all avail bl ' v - . ' I H -

The system for distribution of 01- . Dr. Perry D. Westbrook ASSl'itfll‘l “‘3 a C I01 lmd ivljllleislilglllllmmon l0 sum Emm-
- ' I , ., . . r E CH as ' K", '  

does, the Major Minor Ofﬁce Plan, To Lounge lerary Piotfcssm or English. has gust com- Beethoven‘s “Mass in D Major" bl'id'c. ping pong. iiiltltssi:uilllzollgdlcl'
pic ed another Whoduriit entitled Dt‘bllSSY'S “Pelleas and Mclisando," more W1“ be Went Shows. social

¥ﬁ$ recently revamped by Myskania.
e move. announced last Friday in Inter Grou « "ll B 11 D ' " ‘ ' “ “ ‘
. _ p Comm” has elected o s own to Mulder. pub- CXCCIDtH ilom Dellocs’ blll‘  'i - 11”“ l0”: (if! " ” ‘ ' ' 
3:55;)??? by XohnlLannon, Plesident a new Board Member, Jaye Stoszym llshed by Arcadia House. The boii- pclia" and "Sylvia, ﬁght" 8.11;: programs mm" ‘md "hm-l SUCH“
new omecr; insstgialglz?6rpéﬁceslﬂone Ski, freshman. announces Irene mg down takes place in a Vermont. "’I‘llc Beggars Opera". Menciclg; The Council accepts ’lS 'isscn
tion and four ofﬁces in thgssMiSZ; Johnson '53. Chairman. misplepsuglm‘ Camp' , Wm“ “SleJilOlly XI" and Gcrsli- “0” "my Sillilmlisv leached-)8" and
division. Incer'Gmup Comm“ has recently clogry  $311326 E"ircglfrcifflgrolJbel- iwm,S “An American in Paris" num- those Who me Ll'ﬂveliil” fOI‘ Blindi-
. I. added several new ook - ' .' ‘ 0Y5 391‘ Will)“: the l" l " 1 ~ ~ - ‘ tion“ '  I: " ' 'l
Sh1:111] hlélrfigélgg;:hog Sltudtlint Council brary m the 10:,” thguggihlelr atlhe Philip SChllyli—‘i‘ High SChOCl Others in tllilogioﬁyliiﬂﬁ“15:91 [15‘ raugLe  trioisllil’ “fall - Amos
. , m H ecass ﬁed as mu- lounge They include_ we w Id this morning in connection with i1 "Masterpieces. of Ban 1‘ .‘ modquom {- ~ H ' .) 01 accom-
istrhlorce Roldellsilrrhe Chairman of A Com-mg by R01 OL-Uéy Wl’uni’s’h guidance program. Music" "On the Mall lvitllluifi (33%” 'ioi-ihitorl‘w mm “bms f01' two to
e lo ssoc a ' ’ ' A I 1 ‘ I .i I
Inter-Group 001:):6“ maell1121berhsl'}usrif3 mam Without Crime by S. Andhil O h  mail Billlq". “Ilthl'lllllCllU\l lgilslgli‘li Tho purpose of the Council is in
Council and the board members of Iljuneberié, A Nation of Nations by JI'C Gilli, C oruses ICUlQOIllleL (zilicpichn by the New Mus- encourage and facilitate studcn'
Fol-i - ouis A nmic, and BK e ’ . - “ llill‘ C . “The Heart of x v _ (mill with i v v" - ' ~ '-
Olﬂcllmllgllllil'be conbldered as minor the skin by Carey Milllllllllfmgndu To Pl‘esﬂll CONN"! phony“ w til ilii' Boston 3:; .Sbm. nu interimiilllniti‘C Liv-“d n-npm“
The vice si'n‘csidents secret ii ‘The bookshcovel H h't' . Th M Che-“till ilild “The llc'iri  (€11- . ‘ unuhmndum
 .. . ,l - ,. ' ‘_: uzcs, '- suc opios as ,e ilsio Department will rc- .  l .  m ' ' '
“Samplers an? gabmet members of Egejumoe and discrimination. and 50m No separate concerts this ylimr QllillLLL oy tho Paganini Qllfll'Lf'L, State Alumni ASSOCIItlc n
a re igious c u s have been placed 0 present status of American mi- one for the orchestra and another -
m the unclassiﬁed category. nomy groups! for the Singing groups' announces Mytkania Holds Forum; To  AnnualLunclieon
IHLCI‘RGPOUP Council '5 concerned D1" Charms stokes. Professor of ﬁnds Offender Gumy Al'T‘hn ~.3\oii.(>pzlliiilu Bi-mli'h 0} inc
N Lliiilll 'Ssoclillloll will hold its lili-
A riot-mm“ Special tribunal 01. nual luncheon tomorrow iii 12:30

with, inter-cultural education and Music.

carries out its goal by support of a The orchestra. conducted by Dr. .
Mysknmu mot yosl‘ordiu, noon to pin. in Stliuffcr's licstiiurunt on
lieui' Llli‘ case of Richard Kelly '55. 42nd Si" in New York Cm" wilm‘t's

THE variety of seminars, discussion Stokes will perform on Thursday
groups, and city-wide service pm}- night, May 14. The concert on Fri-

cliill‘gi'd with lliiVlnB violulcd ll Mm Bm'l‘h“ Brimmer- Alumni SW-

Climpus Commission regulation by “WM-V S’m-V “mil” “059110 '3“. 1S

ccis, such as Neighborhood House_ day, May 15. conducted by Karl A.
 states Miss Johnson, E. Peterson. Assistant Professor of H . _ , .
l‘lllhlf‘, will lllClllle' the COllEQiftte lilting ll. sliiidl’vlcii m [lie Commons Pr““”l"“l'- “"1 \Vllllllm “Ullkl‘ '39 is
Benjamin Fl-mhmm 7,5 mm Joy Vii'c l’l'i'Siflf‘lll of the Mi‘ll‘illlllllllilll

 

 

‘ S iigci's, Cllol‘ulottl‘s. Women's 'r - ~
 0 RECORDS Chorus and Men’s Chorus. 14’0"”) 04- iisnlsllilk offici‘i'h'. sllucil “mm”
o FILMS DEVELOPED The orchestra will accompany iii (lilli'l-ll‘5~_ “’3 “Mlllmld C(illllls‘ '31 SHINY-
Kmh. “t “mt (mum tm. murmur \'.5 up, Principal of BliilllliiSBl'l llli'll

Loulsc Pctficld, who will sing ll. solo. ,, x I , , . i
till iltl'i li'luscd to iuiswcl' llll‘lli N‘hool will be the llliilll sprukcr ‘ll

illl(l Evelyn Pllulus and Richard J'l- ..
‘ llli' ii'lbuliiil l'iiuiid llli‘ dcicildiiii' m" ll'm'h'mL Th“ “mm” "\“W‘l'l‘

"Portrait At Its Finest"
('obsoll, who will sing u duct. All

Blue Note Shop

 

 

 

 

‘ ‘ 156  U 62-0221 llll'i'v soloists ill‘i‘ seniors. Also sin“- ﬁlthllly ll:l(l-il'pi'llll‘lilli'll(ll|(.l lo ()0 [hut Will. all ul'ullilimliuil \i'liosi- Illil'llllh‘l'
ms m“ 9  “ solo Wm by ank Glmmmw m““iiMgithixriuifiiﬁi lllf' (‘oiniluiiis 187L161 ki'(l',‘i]llll'il(llllll,('\ lllli-l‘ilhll‘d ill
a I ' ._ ht ii l‘. 'u c-w, spillihiu's | ~-
‘ ‘ V, . V . MVllill
HOLLYWOOD COMES :‘Hnlh oi llus iypv throughout the
'cur.
V \ ’ -
EAST 10 'lAKE SENiORS GRAIN Felicia’s
|

YOUR PORTRAIT (let ii head shirt on your
LIFE INSURANCE POLICY

Ask about our low cost pliiii llslgilod for future
teachers

ARTHUR R. KAPNER

75 State St. To]. 5—1117!

Beauty SaIOh Joezs Barber Shop

53-A No. Lillie Ave. 3 N- Lake Ave.
iNeui' Washington Avc.i Nu" wwmngmn AVG.
"JIMMY"._.Huh- 8mm 2 Bananas

Telephone 3-9749 we Mm T" “ea-9°

LOST ! ! ONE SENIOR BANNER

lirg‘enlly needed for Moving-lip “m.

“

OPEN 9:00 to 5:80 DAILY
Evenings by appointment
811 MADISON AVENUE

 

 

 

TELEPHONE 4-0017

 

 

 

 

 

 

Anyone Willi information. ('(illllu‘l .liic lloiuluu'di

 

 

 

 

  

 

‘7!“ State [on

By BOB ASHF‘IELD

 

Old man weather seems to have
little consideration for sports here
at State College or for a matter of
fact anywhere. Consistent rain
and cold weather have kept the
baseball men in the inside looking
out. As a result Joe Garcia's men
have had to be content with slam-
ming the ball around in the con-
fines of Page Hall for the most part
of the past weeks in preparation
for the big one this afternoon
against Willimantic. In all proba-
bility the best practice sessions will
be held in actual competition as
the compact schedule allows for
very little in between. On Tuesday
the squad will travel to Utica for
game two of the season.

Regardless of the obstacles which
the baseball squad must overcome
before they actually take the field.
there will be a team. But will there
be any fans to watch the men in
competition? It seems fair to ask
what has happened to baseball here
at State? It doesn’t seem to attract
the interest and enthusiasm that a
varsity sport should. In fact it
doesn't even attract all the men
here at school who have sufficient.
talent to make our team a beiirr
one. It isn't very difficult after hav-
ing watched some of the softball
games last year to pick out the lil-
dividuals who have that extra abil-
ity. Why are these people more cor.-
tent to compete in intramural soft-
ball than in varsity baseball? May-
be it is beacusc the season is so
short and there are too many games
in too few days. Maybe it is be-
cause the practice facilities are not.
the best. Maybe it is becalise loo
many classes would be missed so
close to exams which I doubti. Bill
maybe it is because they appreciate
more the feats that the are able to
accomplish in softball competition.
where there is really litilc compel—
ition for anyone with ability.

In spite of the reasons, it seems
obvious that more people turn out
to watch the good softball gamcs
where many of these players are
performing in preference to ll‘.
baseball contests which sometimcs
are not so colorful and thrilling.
Naturally the fact that softball
games are closer and more conycn-
lent to get to. must be taken into
ccnsidei'ation. but whether it is the
main reason or not is doubtful.

Not that we won‘t have a. good
baseball team this year because we
will, led by the C0-Cili)L'llllS. Al Culi-
non and Joe Stella who are boiliid
to bc bulwarks at tho keystone suck
and hot corner respectively iiguili
this year. But the l’(‘S(‘l'VC strciigili
is not adequate enough to provide
for an overpowering loam. good
pinch hitters and relief piicllcrs uri-
vital cogs to any winning li‘lllll.
Many of these spots could be filled
by the guys who will be standoilu:
on the softball diamonds.

Garcia Issues Call
For Soccer Practice

Soccer Coach Joe Gurcilt has is«
sued a call for spring soccer priic-
iice. Tile practices will be held on
Bcvcrwyck Park on Mondays. Tucs-
days and Thursdays at 4:00. Re-
turnecs from last year's squiid im-
asked to attend these. practices in
help the newcomers.

All men who are interested ii.
soccer are urged to come out, The
spring practice sessions lll'i‘ for
learning fundamentals lill(l ii wurm—
lug up period.

Lust year's captain. "Curly"
Strickland will be in charge of the
practices. He will also not ill the
capacity of an assistant to (lulu-ii
Garcia next fall.

It is hoped that ii lot. of men will
go out for practice this spring. Soccci
is ii tricky sport to muster, so llli'
more practice the bl'lll‘l‘. The way
the soccer team has iiiipi'ovcd lll
the lust few years, with good spring
practices for filiidiillientuls, llll‘ fiili
sessions (‘illl be uiillhi-d for llll'
stressing of the “1101’ [)(llllln oi llll‘
game.

 

H. F. Honikel & Son

PIIARMACISTS
Founded 1905 Phillie 4-2036
151 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 24. 1953

1953 Baseball Season To Open Today;

Albany _Meets Willimantic A

 

Softball Season
Finally Opens

It seems that spring has finally
arrived. and so has the softball
season. After one day of complete
postponements and one day of a
half schedule. the season finally got
underway Wednesday with a full
schedule.

Season Opens in Washington Park

Tuesday. in Washington Park,
SLS defeated the APAcllics 9 to 8
in the season's opener. The “Great”
Corsi chalked up his first win of lllC
year with Rod Hilsiliger as his bat-
tery mate. Bob Strauber Look till;
loss for the APAClllCS while pitching
a two hitter. Ed Steele worked bc-
liind the plate for the losers. Dick
Gallup banged cut the first home
run (if the season with 2 males
lilJOlll’fl.

In the Page Field opener. Vim
Dru/cc l'.all handed LO\ Lcclioues 'l
15 to 1] defeat. Al Brown and Curt
Valentino Sllill‘f‘fl the mound duties
while Bob Woodrow did the calch-
iug. Lem Smith took the loss for Los
Lccliciics. Dick Jacobson worked bo—
liiild the plate for the losers.
l’oiicr Blasts Pinks

On Bcvcrwyck Pill'k. Pele Teller
chalked up his first victory of the
season by limiting the Finks to ilo
Hills on two hits. while his tenni-
mules i'zickcd lip 23 tallies. Doll Call—
onica got the big bliist of the day
with a homer in the fifth with one

   

Pictured above are Al Cannon

 

  

and Joe Stella who will captain this

lllilll Oil. Ray Gile worked behind » . i i '
- veiirs bust-hall sillnd for Coach Joe Cari-la. (Photo b Knickerboekcr
l.ll(‘ plate for tho Club. Frank Fay 'vaS) I l y

and Bud Brewster shared the mound
(iuiics. while Bill Wilcox did the
('lli('llllli.’. for the Fiiiks.

Bob W()(ll‘()\\’ proved to be Llli‘ big      

slick mail of the day as he collecicd
five hits for five tiiiics ill but.

John Allnsio announced that lllf'i‘l'    

is u possibility (if pluying lllc APA-
SLS game on Saturday morning.
Schedule
l'ilg‘c Field
April 24 KB vs Biskcts
" 2'7 St. Mary's vs Potter
28 KB vs ABA
29 SLS v.~ Biskcts
30 4:30 APA vs Hilysccds
30 6:30 VilllDi'l'ZCG vs KB
iVlll 1 Biskcts vs Lils Ll‘f'llillll‘s
Bcvcrwyck, l’lirk
April ‘34 APA vs APAi-liics
" 27 Huysccds vs Filiks
" 28 4:30 APAi-liics vs VilllDi‘l'~-
xcc
" 28 613i) Fiilks vs SLS
" 2i) 1.0.x" Lcclloiics \‘s APACliii“:

W44

Saturday afternoon. April 18, the
top contest of the Intramural Vol—
lcleull season was played in the
Page Gym. The competing teams
were SLS iiiid Tliui‘low. the only illi—
dcl'cutcd teams that remained in
me lcugue. The first game was ll

closc one with SLS winning by it
score of 15-10. The second game of

the contest. was the best one of the
l'f‘ilelll. After a grueling battle, the
inspired ’i‘llurlow team ckcd out n
15-12 victory, slaving off a last.
ditch rally by SLS. In the deciding
iliird game, ii fighting SLS team
()Vf’l‘L'illlll‘ ii tired Thurlow team 15-

Notes

By lllC'l‘TY MILLER

The first WAA pluydiiy of tin-
Spring Season will be held tumor-v
row at Skidmol'c College. Approxi—
llliill‘ly lW(’l\'i‘ girls i'cpl'csciilillg AI-
biiily Sliill‘ will vie for honors in
softball and tennis ill illls lime.

(.‘oiisidcrulilc iiiici'i'si has lll‘i‘ll
stimulated this your in Illl‘ WAA
riding program. For lliiisi- girls iii-
tcrcslcd lilll(l follows \\'ll(l wuiii lll
ui'i'oiilpiiiiy llll‘llll. if good Slilllll‘ i~
l0(‘:lll‘(l ()ll Fuller Rlliiil. ()l i'uiii'iii'.
llli‘ cost is $1.50 an hour. lull WAA
Will l'l‘lmbill'SO liilll‘ (ll llli‘ i-xpi'iism,
hli-ul'l'cd in coiiiplriiiig the required

If llli‘l'l‘ ill'i‘ any questions, (folllilf'l.
cllllcl' Lois or Pill.

lll uddiliuu lo the origiluil ugcli—
(’zi iosicd oil the board. budmiliioii
llllh lll‘i'll added lo the Spring line.-
up. it will be held every Tuesday
illli’l 'l‘liursdiiy starting at ’7 p. ill. lll
llli' gym.

’l‘lic WAA lifesaving course is now
rllll'iilig ill the Jewish Community
Ci‘llll‘l'. Sl‘Vi‘l'iil people are trying
for llll'll' i'cl‘ill'icliliuli in lifesaving.
’l‘lici'e is room for ii few more. of
lliiisv iiilci'i-sii-ii lil piissiug the test
:iiid ullliiiiillig llli‘ ('i'l'lii'ii'iili'. Coil-
Iiii'l liuiii Poole if you are iiilcl‘cslcii

1” “0”” 'l’lils pi‘iigi'liiii i\ important to Lll()Sl‘

Sincl- the dorm lll‘lil Is 511” \\'ci
soi‘lliiill pl'lii-llcc Will be delayed fill
at lcllst iiilUllli‘i‘ work. it will bi-
uiidcr llic (lll'i‘f‘lllill of l’uli'ii'lii Zyl-
ilo illl(l Luis iii-iliiulu lllls .‘xl‘iib‘illl
iii-ugucs will be lll‘lll us usuiil. All
(cums are urged in slgii up on llli‘
bulletin board us 5mm :13 1)()Shll)ll‘.

(icurgc l). Jcoiicy & Soils

lllll‘l'l‘hll‘d lll l‘illllD counselors posi-
lions.

Hours lll lilkliig muy bc ciil'l'lcd
over from llli‘ lull Si‘llelll lo coili-
])l('l(' yuur l'l‘flllll'i’illf‘lllh.

Remember you must fulfill the
lililll‘S of ill lclisl. our sport, iii order
to into in llli‘ milling WAA i‘ll‘CllUllh.

l’liolic 62-0116

[Bowler/wad 8W

lilii (iciilrul Avc., (for. lioliiii

Albany 6. N. Y.

2. This set of games was the best
played so far this season with both
clubs featuring brilliant spiking and
fine teamwork. Jim Slicedy and Ron
Hilsingel"s excellent not play, Rerl
Miller's bullet serve. and .1110“.
Hughc's expert. set-ups all helped
to secure many points for SLS. Brill i‘
Marsh and Whit Walter played out-
standing all-uroulld games for illl‘
losing liul‘low Lcliili.

All other games Si'lll‘CllllUd to"
Saturday afternoon, and Monday
and Wednesday evenings. were
either postponed or forfoticd. This
rash of forfeits resulted in Suylcs,
Vim Dcrzec and Potter Club being
dropped from the league.

Four ’l‘cams Roach I’lliyoffs

Due to the many forfeits, only
five teams remained ill the league
Since the Raiders were buried deep
iii last. place. they voluntul‘ily agreed
to withdraw from the league in M‘-
(lcr that the Lil) four finishers could
begin their playoff series.
(‘onicndcrs to Vie for (‘liitmplimsiiip

Monday night. April 27, the. semi-
finals of the playoffs will take place
in Page Gym. AL ii p. 111.. the Filiks
will meet SLS. while at 9 p. n.,
'llllll‘lilw will meet APA. The '.Vlll-
1101's of clicli contest, will be deter-
uliucd ill :1 llll‘l‘i‘ out of five g'iinlc
scrics.

Wednesday night, April 29 iii ii
p. m.. llli‘ winners of llll‘ two semi
i'liiiil i-miii-sis will lllf‘i‘L in ii four
out. of seven gillilc fiiiiil M‘l'll’h‘ for
llli‘ llll.ill‘llllll'ill Vollcyliilll ()luim-
piuiisliip of llll.‘ school. Al ii p. 111..
ii ciiiisoluliuli llllil.('ll will be lllll\"“l
lJi'lWi‘i‘ll the two .H'l’llll lllliilS losers.

L. G. Balfour Co.

li‘ltA'l‘lilllNl'l‘Y .l IEW El.“ Y

.4

 

lilulgcs lungs Steins
Jewelry Gifts l-‘iivors
Stationery l'rogriuns
Club l'lnu Keys
Medals 'l‘ropiilcs

Write or Cull
(.‘Alill SORENSICN
30 Murray Ave. Waterford. N.Y.

'i‘clcplioiic 'l‘roy Adams 82663

  

PAGE" I'

t Bleecker

Poor Weather

Hinder: Squad’s
Early Practice

Coach Joe Garcia has been put-
ting his Varsity Baseball team
through a rigorous schedule of in-
door practice sessions in prepara-
tion for today‘s opening game
against Willimantic State Teachers
College of Connecticut. Because of
the adverse weather conditions, the
team has had only about a week
of outdoor practices and only two
afternons of batting practice.

Lack of Practice llinders Selection

Also because of the lack of prac-
ticing facilities, Garcia has not been
able to select a definite starting
nine, but it is likely that he will
string along with such proven vet—
eraiis as Al Cannon, Bob Dreher,
Joe Stella. Don Loin, and Bob Sage.
The pitchers have not been hindered
by the weather as have the hitters.
and such experienced hurlers as Red
and John McCormick, John Zidik,
De Combs, and "Hoss" Egert should
be in good shape to supply the nec-
essary mound strength. Rookies Joe
McDowell, Gcne Rosenbaum, and
Tom Shumanski should also be able
to help with the mound duties. The
CilL“lllllg‘ department should also be
strong, with last year‘s ace receiver.
Bob Drchel'. back behind the plate.
Big Doc Miller has also been ini-
pressive with the mask and mitt,
and he and Don Capuano promise
to hustle Dl'clier for the starting
catcher's slot.

Stella, Cannon to Start

In the infield. veterans Cannon.
age, and Stella look like starters,
while first base is a wide-open con—
test between Ray Murphy, a slug-
:iing newcomer. Fran Rodgers. last
year‘s utility ace. and big “Moose'
Sticklc. Ben Tucker and Joe C'le—
ment are other newcomers who have
looked good in their fight to gain
an infield bcrth.

Don Lcin looks like a sure bet in
his :‘ld left-field position, while the
other outfield slots are wide open.
Bob DeMicliiell. who played both
first bilse and Oldfield in utility
roles inst year. has a good chance
for one of the outfield spots, as do
vicl'ziiis Arnic Smith and Jim Ben-
'li‘ll. Rookies Wayne Overton, Walt
Barbale and Don Johnson have im-
1 i'csscd with their hustle and glove.-
work.

Garcia hiis issued an urgent call
for two managers. Anyone interested
contact Joe Garcia in the Phys. Ed.
office.

Limited Action Taken
At Budget Hearing

The first. upon hearing on the
l(‘lllilllV(‘ AA lllldi'i‘l was held last
Monday night iii Bl‘llbllcl'if‘l‘. Since
llli‘ l:ll'll()l.l iy the slum-iii was very
small liillc action was taken on any
of llll‘ liiics in ilic budget.

Fiiilil di~cussioils were to be held
last night iii the second open heur-
iilg. Consideration of 2111 views
brought up by lllf‘ students will be
taken.

 

.\l Ii) Ii] ’l‘

'l‘ H E
(‘ .v\ N l) l l) A ’l‘ E S

A 'r
TEMPERANGE
TAVERN

 

 

 

 

 

 
    
  
     
 
 
  
     
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
    
  
 
   
    
 
    
 
   
  
  
  
     
   
     
   
 
    
    
   
  
  
  
    
   

mama-Jusmssgm . n_; .- , - . l » l

      
          
              
                      
          
      
   
           
          
             
            
               
        
       
      
             
           
             
 
          
         
     
    
    
   
   
   
   

