 

 
 

. ammvrmrqu.‘ H...“

   

 

 

l
l
l
i
l
i
E
l
3
E

 

    
 
    
  

 

 

   
  
      
  
 
   
   
   
     
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  
    
 
 
 
 
   
  
  

 

    

    
 

 

PAGE 4

SUB To Host

Professor States
English Contest Al Coffee Hour
Student Union Board will sponsor

I
  a coffee hour and has elected a new

Vice-President of the Board, an-

v—
Rules for entering the Leah Lo nounces Frances Allen ’54, Chair-

enheim contest in English Composi-

tion have been oumnea by Dr' elected Vice-President of the Board
Shields McIlwaine, Professor of to replace Frances Allen who as_
.English. This contest is open to all sumed the ahaglxllgngglp. h l
‘ it one Patricia T eo a ’ , s c a rman
undergraduates Who mtzy glib; of a coffee hour to be held at Bru-
poem and one Short 3 Ty ea ' bacher, April 26 from 4 to 6 pm.
Prizes of $12.50 each will be

awarded the author of the best
poem and of the best short story.

There are no restrictions regarding
form or length on these papers. The
deadline is May 15.

Manuscripts must be typed and
double spaced. and they are to be
signed with a pseudonym. The pseu-
donym used, the author’s name, and
the title of the work are to be writ-
ten on a slip of paper placed in a
sealed envelope, and this clipped
onto the manuscript. All papers
should be taken to Dr. McIlwaine's
office, 24 Richardson.

Entries in each type of writing
will be judged by members of the
English Department: short story.
Robert B. Thorstensen, Instructor
in English: poetry, Dr. McIlwaine.

sh 0 W S i
Chestertields e

 

eomnicctiond

 

(Continued from Page 2, Column .3)

members of the old Campus Com~
mission, that they be elected by a
student assembly. Perhaps in this
Way an organization can be formed
that will be more interested in serv—
ing the best interests of the stu—
dent body. an organization that can
be relied upon to protect justly the
rights and privileges of the indi-
vidual.

Geoffrey Fletcher
Class of 1954

 

Editor’s Note: In fairness to
Campus Commission may we say
that the fault for the delay in the
“trials” (M yskania has deemed (he-m
“Open Hearings") cannot be chara-
ed to the Commission. Copies of
the offense charged by the arrest-
ing ofﬁcer were transmitted to
Myslcania shortly after the occur-
ance of the alleged violation, and
action thcrafter awaited M yskaniu’s
scheduling of the hearings.

 

To the Editor—State College News

Although the issue of March 2'7.
1953 had its outstanding points, it
also had its weaknesses. This, of
course. is expected and in lnost cases
excuseable. However. I understand
that there is a part set aside for ed—
itorials and the voicing of personal
opinions (such as thisl on the edit-
orial page. When looking for the
results and activities of girls' Sports
for the past or coming week, there-
forc I see no reason why I should
find personal arguments and rc-
marks filling up the little space on
the sports page that usually is de-
votcd to an unbiased coverage of
women’s sports. This is not. tllc first
tilnc I have been foiled. and prob-
ably shall not. be the lust; howcvm'.
why not put these personal opinions
whcrc they should be rather Lllilll ill
the part of the paper llllil lll thc past
land i hope in the future: was con«
sidcred an unblascd report of the
activities of girls’ sports at Sluic
College.

any other kin

 

  

Naturally, I realize if your rcpori—
or does not attend any functions In
cover many uctivlilcs ol' WAA hcr-
self, your reporter must obtain thc
information she writcs sccond-hllnd.
WAA is trying to help your report-
or illlllll her position; that is why
the report on the sports dcsk cvcr}y
Wednesday night. How can tho pur-
pose of the column bc carrlcd out ii
caustic remarks are continually be—
ing made and answered?

Yours 401' sports reporting and
not round six of ally lxersonul lllls-
umicrstundlngs.

[telly Miller '55
(A member of WAA)

u t as I've  yo
Ius I smoke two

milder Chesterfiel

CHESTERFIELD contains tobaccos
of better quality and higher price than

g-size cigarette . . . the


Frosh To Hold,
Meeting For Shit

A meeting for all those freshmen
interested in writing the freshman
class skit will be held Sunday at
7:30 pm. at Brubacher Hall in one
of the activity rooms. This skit will
be used in the Moving Up Day cere—
monies May 9. William Small, Pres-
ident of the class will preside.

Freshmen are planning a picnic
to be held in May. General Chair-
man for this affair is Mary Brezny.

very day ' '
d is best for me-

 
  
 

  

 
   

. . same as regular
Chesterfield.

     
     
   

I,“

 ETTE‘ 

l(.'.‘lll mun lJi‘.I ~l ~

Chesterfieldwlirst premium quality

Cigarette in both regular & king-size

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 17. 1953

  

Stale Will Support Teacher Bureau Lists

Cancer Fund Drive

Volunteers to help canvass the
community for the Cancer Society
on Monday. April 20. from 7 to 9
p. in. may sign up in Room 1, Rich-
ardson. states John. Lannon ’53,
President of Student Association.
This campaign will cover only those
persons who show their interest in
being called on by lighting their
porch l‘ghts.

Transportation will be provided to
take the canvasers to the district
they will cover.

11 on our Dlrélgﬂle'c
p a Ck 5 Of
. mm:h

H

 

a}

Additional Placements

(Continued from Page 1, Column 2/
Junior High Math, Onteora, C. 8.;

Richard Krug ’52, Junior High Math,

and Science. Troy H. 8.; Mrs. Helen
(Guildi) Jones '21. English, Bell-

more; Charles Connell ’51. Social.
Studies, Huntington Station; Robert.
Hertwig ’39. Vice-Principal. West.

Hempstead; James Blackburn, Sci-
ence, Altamont H. 8.; Gloria Mc-

Manus '47. Librarian. Rhinebeck C.

s.; Phyllis Charron '52, Latin, Van
Hornsville C. S.

3M

[91/

HEN you are asked to try a cigarette
you want to know, and you ought to
know, what that cigarette has meant to people
who smoke it all the time.
For a full year now, a'medicai specialist
has given a group of Chesterfield smokers
thorough examinations every two months.

He reports:

no adverse effects to their nose, throat
or sinuses from smoking Chesterfields.

More and more men and women all over
the country are finding out every day that
Chesterfield is best for them.

5W 7.2%

cm./

Try Much Milder Chesterfield
with its extraordinarily good taste.

Copyright i‘ibj, lu-olll IL Mun l\IIA\l\) L0.

 

 

 

President.

 

 

       

State College Ne

   

 

State

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. APRIL 24. 1953

College Produces First All'College Revue
Curtain Will Rise Tomorrow Evening At 8:30 P. 

VOL. XXXVII NO. 24

I

 

State Sends Eight

To Third Annual
Student Senate

Eight members of the Forum of
Politics will represent State at the
Third Annual Intercollegiate Mock
Senate to be held at the Assembly
Chambers of the State Capitol to~
day through Sunday, states Lillian
Weller '53. Attending as senators

will be Douglas Nielson '53, chair-
man. Edward Lehman and Robert
Reigle. Juniors. and Bradford Mil--
ler '55. Alternates will be Joyce
Turner '53, Donald Matthews ’54.
Clarence Mosher '55. and Mary Pool-
er ‘56.

The Mock Senate will convene at
9 am. today when Mayor Corning
of Albany will welcome the delegates.
Other points of interest on the day's
agenda will be a movie. “The State
Legislature” at 10 a.m., and speeches
by Oswald D. Heck. Speaker of the
Assembly and Ruth Miner, Excell-
tive Secretary of State. at 2:15 p.m.
and 2:45 p.m.. respectively. Politics
will enter the picture in the evening
when parties are assigned. caucuses
are held to elect party leaders and
formulate party policy, and the
President of the Senate is elected.

Debate on the passage of bills will
begin tomorrow at 9:30 am.
The two bills to be introduced
by State College senators concern
Permanent Personal Registration
and Panther Mt. Dam. All are wel-
come to attend these Senate ses—
sions. states Miss Weller.

The Mock Senate. founded in 1951
by Glen Armitagc. Grad. a special
advisor to the ‘53 Senate. was orig—
inally sponsored by the State Collcgc
Forum and attended by area col-
leges. The same colleges now plan
the Senate to which all New York
colleges are invited.

Greeks Schedule

Formal, Banquet

Th" Pot:cr Club formal and il
Phi Delta date party are on the
itut..crnlty-sororlty sccnc {his cvc-
ung. Psi Gamma is planning a
Mother-Dauglucr banquet and tea
for Saturday. and APA will hold
formal initiation Sunday nflcl'noon.

"Orchids in the Moonlight" is the
theme of the Poltcr Club formal to
be held tonight from 9 to l p. ill. at
the Aurania Clllb. announces Robert
Gillmlmutco ‘53, chairnum. Music
will hr by Bcrnic Colllns‘ Orchcs-
tru. Girls will have two o‘clock
hours.

Conuniitcc hcinls include Donqu
(‘llpiuluo '55. (lccornlious. Donald
C'dllOlliCli and Anthony DcNovn.
Juniors. urrnngcmcnls.

l‘hi l)clln is lllli’lllll u Sill'.ll'lly dulc
pnrly tonight from 5:31) in 12 p.nl..
luulounccs Ruth Poolc ‘53. Prcsl-
dclu.

Psi (lunnnu's Moihcr-Ilzluuhlcr
Billlqiit'L will bc hcid llt llcrbcri's
tomorrow at 5:30 p. In. 'l‘hcrl
will also bc u lcu lil illc hollsc on
Saturday from 2 lo 5 p. m.

(icncrul chull'nuul is Mary Chris-
lophcr ‘5»l, ulul Sopluc Kosck '55, is
chuirnnlu for lllc icn. (‘onllnutcc
chlurmcn for tho bululuct lll'c .loy
Longo ’54. culcrlllinmclu; Lucy
Johns. favors; Rosc Lllllcllil. Soph~
oluorcs. phlcc curds.

Corrlnc lillldrcnv ‘55. has rcccntly
llccn plcdgcd lo Psi (lunnuzl.

:\l’A\ loruml lulllllilon ls scllcd-

Sophsg- Burn
Midnight Oil

This week, brains were work-
ing overtime in the Publications
Office as the Sophomores took
over to put out their issue of
the News. Peace, Gerig, Eldred,
and Surtes moved out as organ-
ized confusion moved in under
the direction of Ruben. Zuch.
Moore and Reitz.

Cartoonist and guest colum-
nist are also from the Class of
'55 for this week’s paper. Even
Korba and Hughes were retired
for a week in favor of those
genial Gremlins, Custer Quick
and Ron Koster. Sports page
was done almost singly-handed
by Bob Ashfield. who almost
didn't make the deadline of
Midnight. Wednesday. A Sopho-
more is also rcsponsiblc for the
exchange feature from Platts-
burg.

’l‘wo evenings of grueling lit-
erary labor, a. hectic trip to the
printer‘s at Hudson. and our
tired but triumphant Sophs
were ready for a well-earned
celebration at Not-so-tcmper-
ant 'l‘avcrn.

 

lotions;

morcs;
rangements.

George Hathaway '54 was elected
Vice President of SUB to replace
Miss Allen who has assumed the
chairnmnship.

SUB Arranges
Coffee Session

SUB will sponsor a spring coffrc
hour Sunday. from 4 to 6 p. n..
the lower lounge at Bru-
bacher. announces Frances Allen ‘54.
chairman of the board. Faculty
members and their families. house
mothers. and all students are in-
vited. Refreshments will be served
for children of faculty members.

Patricia Theobald '55. is chairman
of the event and committee chair-
men arc Shirley Callahan ’54, invi-
Alice O’Neill, decorations.
Robert Smith. clean-up. Sopho-
and Joseph Kelly '56. ar-

Plollsburg Student Outlines Exchange Plans
Gives Impressions Gained Here Ar Slate ltti:-...T.2:.l.8.ta.irisrnii

By MARION PATTERSON

(Editor's Nolc: Marion is ()ll(' o)
group of fllY' I’lallsbury sludcnls
on campus lust lccclr participating
in (ill (urchangc program. Fli‘f‘ o/
Stalc's s/lulcnls. Madclyn Mcicr.
Doris Mchan. Charles flu-Irwin:
Holwrl Conn and John Orscr, have
lu-(n a.‘ PS’I‘C for a corrcspmldhly
lino.)

ins: ycnr at this l‘nlc Plilltsburg
bcgnu us first cxchllngc sludan
lll'ilLll‘lilll with chnc Silltc ill Ncw
l-hlmpshirc. ’l‘hc program was rc-
cclvcd with so llulch cnlhnsillsln
lllill wc pllllulcd to have an ex-
clllulgc program cllch scmcslcr. Lust
scmcslcr wc invited Oswcgo to enter
into the progrmll. This term we
wroic to your collcgc and rccclvcd
vcry illicrcsicd rcpllcs. 'l‘hc whcls
bcgun to turn. and ollr House of
Dclcgulcs. ihc sludcut governing
body. llrnlin prcpilrcd ii program. Our
snldcnls who wcnt lo Oswch wcl'c
sclccicd us ihc welcoming commit-
lcc. and planned it progrinn of llll
informal coffcc hour in ihc Snack
Bar. ll lcll llt thc home of illc Dean
of
(‘olorado Unlvcrsily performing ill
the

Wolllcll. ii string (lilitl'li‘l from

ioungc of lhc student. union.

ulcd for Sunday ill 3 p. m., and ll visit to ourcnlnp.

llllnounccs John Zollgrouc '54.

The Housc voted that five stu-
dents should participate and chose

Novel Ballet, "Menage A Troisll
Highlight Suite Oi Thirteen Scenes

Tomorrow night in Page Hall
Auditorium at 8:30 p. m., the
curtain will rise on “Little Known
Facts," State’s ﬁrst all-college re-
vue. announces Louise Petfield ’53.
director.

The revue. written by Marvin
Chernoff ’54, will consist of thirteen
unrelated scenes. among which will
be a modern ballet created by Ann
Columbe ‘54, Roberta Stein and Ross
Hack. freshmen. The other scenes
will include a trampoline act, fea-
turing Beverly Pranitis '53, Steve
Serniak. Robert 'I‘alham. Juniors;
and Donna Hughes. LeRoy Negus
and Robert Schuman. Sophomores.
Family Life Depleted

In a domestic scene there exists
a husband, wife. lover relationship
which is played in three scenes as
it would happen in three countries—-
England, France and Germany. The
main characters in the scene are
Barry Dellaﬁora '56. Patricia Byrnc
and Jack Cooper. Juniors, who will
add authentically to the scenes by
speaking the languages of the re-
spective countries.

SA To Hear

Campaign Talks
Student Council Holds

Special Session Sunday

Student Council held a special
session Sunday evening in addition
to its usual Wednesday meeting.
The agenda for today’s assembly
was planned as follows: introduc-
tion of candidates for Student As-
sociation offices, campaign speeches
and consideratLon of the budgets
passed by the Council.

In the special session Sunday
evening, Student Council accepted
the Women's Athletic Association
budget and passed it on to Student
Association with recommendations
and heard reports from several com-
mittees. including Myskania’s report
on its revision and shortening of the
Moving-Up Day ceremonies.

The WAA budget for the coming
year was approved with the recom-
mendations to SA that the awards

 

 

LOUISE PETFIELD '53
line be reinstated at $165. upon the ' "“”‘
consideration of the increased num-

ber in the freshman class. Student 5 d O The Opemng scene Will be Ote
Board of Finance has cut the line    l'l'Om SPiCkl' Mlllﬂne done bllq%0nf

E0  Counlcil alsolrecommended . , , aid Voellinger ’54 and Anita Lilen-
o . . in ine will the budget. W  P feld ‘53: and the revue will conclude
that it investigate giving awards I  with a cross between a hoedown and
to cheerleaders. and study their , a murder trial. Mary Lou Korcv-
point system. specifically the giving I  F I kOWskl '56 will play Lizzie. a local
oftpoinls for sports which are non- n   5 gal who has chopped up her mother
lll rumura . V . and father an h t , g;
In consideration of Council's po- The hem.“ oratoncail Contest was (“Sl'lllllmg thedplaallnerli llfoggigtllnul‘lll
llcV ill regard to the Commons not conducmd Thux-Sduy mght' April 16 Ellds haDDiIV hOWGVel‘ With “181.1619
being am lame for “mean” dumw in Draper Auditorium. reports Irene of ROSS Hﬂék ‘56. '
the dnvl it was decided Dim” m; Brezulsky '53, chairman of the Con- Mamyn EN“. .56 will portray a
bolicv be altered so that when no ms" at State‘ The Winner of the young girl W110 complains (in soul.r
othel: place is available ‘01, whm‘ COHLCSI W115 Al‘Llllil‘ Hﬁgy '53» While of coursel about her social stand;
the victmla piano or coke “1:1: the second and third place finishers mg. Miss Ertel. will sing two genes
chine are lull.de [(3]. can. mg (“n were Marvm Chernoff and James that express he}. dilemma °
the activity that the usey of the Thompsml' Juniors The {OHOWinE Changes have bePn
ComomnS  allowed H the (WP The LOPIC Used for the Comes: W115 made in the cast: Mary Ann Frascn-
Home“ 01. the NH nm‘m of 5001211 “John Marshall‘and His Influence to”. '54 will play Toots, a girl from
Calendar Cmn'mm‘ec on American History." The judges Brooklyn; Jack‘COODm. .54 will be
Upon the request a several C0m_ “1’91? Mill“)? Egleskonv Insu'uclol' l“ Clarence. the Gentleman Crook, and
mutcrs', the President of SA brought HO Hum” DeDaltment' Vllgmm “150 the lover? Donald Lem '55 Will

. q _. ‘ . Bingham. Milne English Supervisor. ,1, . m 1 . - .
bLlOlL the Council the proposal and George Christy‘ aluman of lml-‘wmebceOgﬁléyﬂggulgﬂncy Hazzmd

that commuters be permitted to sum. College , .

51“?“ Film," nmlmuon Wth a do" The winner of this contest will ((33‘3"lltdvsllstllhlddilizdlgfdof the re-

llll‘lloh“ Ill” “‘1” P0 “1%”le PM" participate in the city finals which we is Delores Donnellv '54- the po.
ulpalc ln Lhc l01mals, parties. and will be held Wednesduy’ May 6' (ll ordimtm, is ‘Bem, CO‘ ken‘d 11 .53.
’Continucd on Page 6, Column 11 the Albany Law School. and ‘lho accomglmislyg m: lxlml

Brown '54 and George Dunbar '55.
The following are the chairmen of
committees for tile rcvuc: sets and
stagccrcw. Kathleen Wright ‘53:

Ann Tobey: make-up. Nancy Light-
us flvc happy people. Bob Sharpe. floors as uxhirays. That would be hull. 800110111068: CliGl‘OOgl'ﬂiJhl'. R0-
lllc boy with that cra-azy crew cui. .l sill at Plzlttsburg. We have ash- DOI'IH StCln '56; SCl‘iDtlS. P811” 5211-
Jilnc Skcclc. Inlogcnc Main, Jo Ann trays placed in every conceivable b0 ‘55; and sets were deSlgned by
Mott. and myself were elected. Bob spot. so the floors and tables won‘t James Hui-3.1108 ’53.
is u Gcncrul Elcmcnlary Sophomore bc clutlcrczl. Gl‘m‘l‘lll lldmlSSIOH lo" the I'CVUC
who is very intrrcsicd in music. At Your college is morc thnu tiylcc “'m be $50-
llll'i‘hi‘lll hc is in “Flulun's Rainbow," as lllrgc as ours. We have a student
wlicll is bcing prcscnlcd in May. population of 80o and the ratio is 4 N H l H 
Co-cdilor of our collcgc handbook girls to 1 boy. If you saw any opcn- ewman 5' o s
nuuulgcr of basketball. and Chap- moulhcd confused students groping O H T - '1
hull of Dcllu Kappa fraternity. Jllnc illcir way through your labyrinth Pen ouse 00's t
is a Home Economics Junior, a of hulls. it was us. We weren't quite . .
mcmbcr of lhc IIomc Ec. Club and accusolncd to being in so large a .Nuwmun “.1111 “'1” Mansion“ HS
Build. building with morc than tllrcc floors. (mung mum “no UL“ petite Cure“.
a dancing lcrrncc on the French
Riviera. for its Open House tonight
From 8 pm. to 12 midnight guests

imogcnc Mlllll is ll Sculor Gcn- Coming in ii strange college and
crul lillclncnlury and is active in lil- mccl u; now comrades of the Staic
nlost i'll‘lllllll‘lll. She is a plumber Unlvcl'niy should have been hard. “my “S” u” “April m PM”. seen“
ol Cl olluln solollty. co~chulrnuln billion were ull 80 ll'wndly that “'0 unnouucos Tina Nicustl'o '53 Pros-
of the Student Guidance Comnut— cuslll’ 11‘” "ill 1101110"Yllllhm’l’“‘1'- idcnt I K '
lcc. llnd ill‘lth‘ in many sports. Jo rlfic spirit ulld your frlcndlincss wlls swim-u] Glynn-mun Alp-9 wmmi-
Ann is ll Scnlor-Nul'sc tcucllcr who Vl‘l‘l' Hl'llllll'lllil morc ‘54, will be assisted bv Evelv‘u
hllth twu .Wurs M Albunr Hospital. ’l‘lll-s' Dust Wl‘t‘k has 1W” “’Olldrl" not-on '54 and Elizabeth D'esnnoim
She is vcry ilcnvc in thc Nnrso— I'lll. 'l‘hc l’ivc of us would like to '56. (.0_(-lmlrlm»n of the reception
’I‘cuchcr club. F‘ootlisms. our (lru- lhunk cl'rx'r suuicnl and faculty coniuliticc. Bllrbul'u Salvatore '56
nnliic club, and the House of Dclc— nlcnlbcr for thc consldcrullons and “vlll Mun-ruse [hp refreshments “his
mum. l iilll llllcl'cslcd in sports and lilndlll‘ﬁl during 1110 {We dill‘S. We" cookics cl lc cokc." Marv .lunci Can-
j(llll‘llnli~lll. As ilisloraul of Clio and (‘Flli‘l'llllil' 11k“ W lllllllk Kalle Alltl- 2mm ’54 will be ill charge of rec-
Ncws lllduor of our collcge paper. I “'80” lllld Pill“ (‘illilbl‘l‘SlH “‘llU (lid ords, and Suc Ann l-ioogkunlp '55
hch many opportunities to wrilc. ll buns-HI) lull in Hi‘llt‘dullllg this is lhc chairman of the entertain-

'l‘hc ll\'l' of us will rcport ill ollr cxl'lllulgc lil'illil‘lilll lllld Silldt‘nt mcnl comnlllicc.
llousc of Dclclnllcs and class mcct- gnldcs. 'l‘crleic lob, thank you very '1‘hc cllilpcroncs for the evening
Hill on our stay in Albany Shilc. Iic- much, ’l‘o llll of you ill Albluly Silllc. will bc Rcv. Richard Dinccn. Chap-
l.c\'c inc. all lhc l'cllol'ls will he luv— wc a ;.un scnd our very great thanks lain of Ncwnuln Club, and Mrs. Eth-
orllblc. ’fhc only things wc wcrc lo cllrh our of you who lluldc ollr cl 0. Builcl. Nownnln liollsc Mother.
alarmed at was the way you use the \‘ls‘ll so wonderful. states Miss Nlcllslro.

,

  

