«M... ,. Armagovmn . . .t.

 

PAC! 2

It's Our First . . .

Today we will carry our issues of the
News to the first Assembly of the year. A
spirit of friendly rivalry will pervade the
Ivory Towerand the Richardson-Page peri-
style as the Sophomores and freshmen sere-
nade each other in the traditional manner.
Juniors and Seniors will look on disinter-
estedly, perhaps with a little encourage-
ment to their respective sister classes.

In contrast to this spirit, a feeling of so-
briety should also attend our first compul-
sory assembly. Although the formal seat-
ing plan will not be completed until next
Friday, upperclassmen as well as freshmen
should remember the privileges their $20.00
entitles them to in regard to this weekly
meeting of Student Association. These _as-
semblies are compulsory, and are a very im-
portant part of the functioning of Student
Association. As stated in Article V, Section
A, of the SA Constitution: “All legislative
power of the Association shall be vested in
the assembly of the Association.”

Assembly is not just a practice range for
sharpening up your parliamentary pro-
cedure. It is the time to concentrate on
student affairs and work cooperatively
with the student leaders who will be in-
troduced to you today. In addition to im-
portant decisions such as election of offi-
cers, passing of the SA budget, and discus-
sion of changes in our form of government,
Assembly meetings provide entertaining
events such as the annual rivalry debate,
a one-act play presented by the Advanced
Dramatics class, and the pep asesembly
that precedes the beginning of our home
athletic season. You paid your Student
Tax; why be adamant toward the only
chance you have to control the expenditure
of your money and the persons elected to
spend it? Fold up your News now that
you’ve read the editorial page and concen-
trate on what is going on at your assembly
meeting.

Here's The Dirt . . .

Over the summer the janitorial staff
scrubbed and polished the Commons in
preparation for our mass migration this
fall. After two days the clean floors were
obscured by cigarette butts, garbage, news-
papers and discarded registration sched-
ules. Campus Commission has been work-
ing overtime daily to clear at least a path-
way to the mailboxes. The situation has
been aggravated in the past few days to
such an extent that Campus Commission
has obtained permission to close the Com-
mons at its discretion. The location of the
comfortable room has made it a convenient
place for between-class relaxation and a
mecca for student leaders. We doubt if any
of us will want to be a part of the cause of
its closure. A bit of thoughtfulness, a bit
of neatness and a bit of discretion will )re—
vent this situation. The rules reprinte in
this issue make clear exactly for what ur-
poses we may and may not use the om-
mons. Campus Commission is a supervis-
ory body, not a janitorial staff. Let‘s try
to keep our Commons by keeping it neat!

 

STATE COLLEG E NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBiB

BY THE CLASS OF IBIB

 

VOL. XXXVI” September 25. 1953 No. 2

Members of the NEWS staff may be rt-ucbed 'i‘ucsday and
Wednesday from ’1 to 11 pm at L'~.'i:i'.iti. Ext 11 Phone.-
Moore and ltuben. 11-3320: Ashitcid, .‘i—(ifiltu. lilldrcd and (it-rig.
3-0613: Surtea, 21-31130.

The undergraduate bi-wspiipci oi the New York State
College for Teachers: published c\ci'y Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Assimlatlon

EVELYN IlliliEN - r - - - - - - - t‘o-Eilitor-iirt'liiei
JOANNE MOORE - ~ ‘ ~ ‘ (‘0'Elllhll‘~lll~('ltll‘f
Iltl'lNl-I ELIHtEl) - t‘o~.\lanauinu Editor
SALLY (ii-lulu - - - - - ~ < (‘o-Mauaxlng Editor
JOYCE HUNTER - - - ~ - - - - I'nbllo Iteintlunn Editor
INHIEIL’I‘ ASIIFIELD - - - a ‘ Sports Editor
RAYMOND WOLFE - - ~ - - - Senior Sports Member
MAIJEL SUIIWEI'I‘ZEIL 7 ~ - Business-Adverttsluu Manager
WILL/UH) ltl-Il'l‘l - « - - - - — Associate Editor

All cumintiniciitious should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed Minn-n will be withheld upon request
The H'l‘A’l'i'i t‘tiiilJ'liiI'l \EII'H assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or coininiiiiicaiIons
as such t'xlil‘t'uh’luus‘ do not necessarily rcfiect its view

 

 L' '—-_‘

 

 

STAT! COLLIGI Haws. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 25. 1953

 

 

 

State Wall
By VERA KUHARSKY

Had a wonderful time at sum-
mer school going to beach parties
at “Six Miles" and Ockles—you
know—“The Modern Confectionery
Shop". Miss the old grads. espe-
cially “The Governor” and Joe.

It's good to see all the "old
gang” and welcome the new fresh-
men. Speaking of welcoming. I
can remember transferring to State
last January and immediately be-
ing given “this is your home" feel—
ing by all the kids. even with all
the water battles.

I can remember, too. my antic-
ipation for success in activities at
State. and my delight at being ini-
mediater accepted into debate ac-
tivities.

Almost every freshman atid tip-
perclassman must go through this
stage. Therefore, I would like to
discuss what debate does and has
done for the college as well as for
the individual student.

First of all, the value of debate
to an individual is: A debater gains
social contacts with students and
gains intellectual development in-
cluding abilities to evaluate source
materials. judgment in arguments.
adaptation to new material and
new arguments, intellectual lion-
esty. the need for facts. and de-
velopment of a critical attitude.
The personality of an individtial
is developed as well. Some aspects
are courtesy to opponents, the duty
of responsible speech, and a greater
ability in speaking bcforc a group.
which is especially important for
classroom teachers.

Debate at State Collcgc has 111-
stlgated the organization of dc-
bate teiims throughout New York
State with annual debates taking
place here. We have thrcc fresh-
mcn who have entered Stati- this
year with cxpciience and high rat-
ings in these annual debates. We
are looking forward to their pur-
tlciputioii its well as otlici' frcsh~
men in debate at State College.

As another service to Stair. 1.)c-
bate presented the Oxford chalors

Wc also belong to Tau Kappa A1-
pha. a speech honorary soclcly
Othci' colleges which bclong to lllt'
society are: Coi'ncll, N.Y.U. linin—
iltoii. Colgate. West Point. Dart—
mouth. U. of Vermont. and lllt' U
oi Pittsburgh.

in closing. 1 would likc to invite
all ircshincn to conic out for dc—
butc. i would like to rcinlnd yott
of a comment made by a student
of the University of Alabama to
Mrs. Carrillo about Hiitlc til ihc
N.Y.U. Conference. l'lc satd."You
know. 1 think that State pcoplc arc
real peepie——the fittest i'vc met in
the north."

 

 

 

Wow .‘beﬁate

to the student body, here last. year.
A former State College student who
spent a summer in Yugoslavia was
also presented as a speaker before
the student body.

Secondly, I would like to discuss
the value of debate to NYSCT as
aii litter-collegiate activity. De-
bating with major schools helps
State become known on a national
level. As an example, let me list
some of the schools we have de-
bated: Ohio U., Miami U.. Loyola.
Kenyon. Hobart. U. 01' Alabama.
U. of Arkansas. Bucknell. Duke
U.. U. of Florida. Purdue. Rutgers.
Southern Methodist. William and
Mary and many others.

As- an example of otir increasing
popularity with other schools. the
following have invited us to debate
with thcin: U. of Mexico, U. of
Florida. Dartmouth. Princeton.
yearly tournaments with West
Point. and the annual Coi'ilcll
Classic at Cornell. and others.

To show the success with which
our dcbatc team has met, let me
cite some oi' the honors which we
hch acquired: At N.Y.U., out of
the ten honors giVen. Statc rcceivcd
eight. five certificates of honor and
thrcc plaques. At the U. of Ver-
mont, where till schools were rcp-
l't‘rt‘lllt'd. 1ch teams were undefeat-
cd. State bcing one of them. in
thc Spccch Activities Magazine.
N.Y.S.C.T. was rated as mic of the
illilt‘ bcst schools for tli'baic iii lhc
country.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NEWS Ends
Another Era

To most of you a print shop
probably brings to iiiliid a noisy.
factory-like building with modern
machinery. dirty typcscttcrs anti an
efficient atmosphere. Not so the
headquarters of the Rccord Print-
ing Company. whcrc State (‘oIIegc
News has been put, oitt for liltll't'
titan a scorc of years.

This issuc is lhc tirst oiic sincc
ltiliil not to bc printed in the old
building that. liotiscs a sits-lit
printing prcss, onc ancient linotypc
machtnc lll(l ollicrinefficient equip-
ment.

'i‘hc building was built in ltlliil
and was originally a Jilll. in 1111:”)
it. was coincrtcd into a theater for
touring lecturers. itincranl slil'wl's
and actors. in ill-iii the building
was .it. last transformed into a
printing shop, The building will
now bc inlidc ovci' to house business
oiiiccs. (iiir News editors ali'cady
miss ihc picturcsquc walls. antique
stuii'wuys and historical utmosphcrc
oi thc old iunlding. (in. well. we've
only moved four doors down the
street.

 

Gama-stake",

By COSSABOON and WEBB

 

LIBIDO OUT OF ORDER

Will someone please tell us why there are
three outside lines on Brubacher‘s switchboard? i
296 femme fatales located in the building it s.
like a small number. The poor gals will be get-
frustrated pretty soon if those calls don't ct
through that frequently clogged board.

THE CASE OF THE LOST WAMPUM
OR WHO HANDLED THE CHEST

Anyone know what happened to the IFC-ISC ban
book? All those sliekels going to waste!

ZOPHA!

Our good friend Sei'niak has asked us to pass alon
the heirs of the need for male tryouts for this year
Spring Operetta .Last year there was no opci'ctl
because of the lack of male voices for the chorn
Why not get hold of someone in the chorus tprcici
ably that blonde on the end of the boot or 11112.»
departirient (not the piano player with the liiiligii
cigarette) and sign up for the epic? The wcl.
moistened throats that we‘ve heard offering su.
stellar performances might be able to do as to
in a locale with more candle power.

A LAN AND ALACK!

That we should have to write about this item .
rarly in the year we view with regret. As you no t:
have guessed. it‘s about the condition of ihc Sitltii:
Union. Complains have been frequent ah'cady abo.

dirty floors. littered furniture. and the like. That
the condition is sttch we will agree. The conscn-Ii
seems to end here for the question of who is it
blame comes up next. Most unfortmiatcly we lll|\'
to admit that it is we. the students. on whom tic
blame must fall. The maintenance staff docs \tlm'
would be a satisfactory job under any mutual conci
tions: the administration is interested; the Sludczz‘
Union Board is pulling its collective hair tryng it
keep tip with offenders of its rules. .

Some of you will remember that it has only tics:
since 1951 that we. have had a Union. Before [llt‘1.
there was no centrally located place for studctu
gatherings on an informal level.

The State went to considerable cost to supply out
and now to walk throuin it and sec necking 111 th»
lounges. feet tip on inlaid leather tables. and chair
and furniture being bounced on like trampoluu-
makes one wotidcr if the assumption that collinnr
people are adults is justified.

Complaining won't. solve any problctn. Plcasc kccp
your feet. off the furniture: keep your necking l't'
stricted to 1th public places, and your sense of Whil'
is right uppermost.

JOB ON THE JOB

The ncw intcr-dcpartmcnta1 course in hitlilililiilt"
Humanities 123. is going o\'ct' with a hang in split
of the prohibitive hours of 3:35—4:51). Dr. ’l‘ownscntl
i.: opening the scrics of 1ct:tures with thrcc on 111'
Book of .lob. This experimental vcnturc look.» A
11 it. will dc\'clop into sitnething iiiitcli largcr \\'t
hope so; the school can well use a liberal arts com I
of this type.

EN('I|:\N'I‘I:‘

In“ Hulk “1 HI“ l'W'I‘l’lbiii st'nsoil \\1ll l)t‘ i‘cnclui.
tonight at thc Prcsidcnt's itcccption. This will an
the 07s a chancc to meet our affable prcx). ’Ilt
[U‘ilifl‘illl gchilcincn. that is a change iroin llll
tllllst‘lilh' diriicd bucks of the past, two wccks
POEM 01" THE WEEK

“'i‘hc lips that toticli iiqtior will ilt‘\t'l' touch mun

 

College Calendar - - -

 

 

l“l‘ll)f“,, Slitl"l‘Ei\lltlu‘lt ‘15
ii pm. i’t'csidcnt's licccption. lirulaichcr's I.o\\t‘I

loungi-

HA'I‘I’HHA Y, SI'IIVI‘I'IMHER 156
ll ii.lil I.V(‘.1t‘ Picnic. Six Mllc Waict' WUI'IH

HI'NliA \'. SI'II"I‘I'I.\IIIICR 357

:i‘lii) l).li1 Newman Club llarbccuc, Newman 111111

\t’ltliiNlCSliAt’, HICI"I'I‘.‘MHICI( 30
13 noon SCA (.‘hapcl Sci‘ylcc

11:80 p.111. Cominuter's Club Reception for Freshmen

STATE COLLEGI‘NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 25. 1953

PAGE 8

 

 

 

 

 

Library Increases French Group
Record Collection Invites Students

With Albums

New Additions Include
Plays, Operas, Poems

During the summer the library
has added several new volumes of
long playing records to its collec-
tion, announces Mary E. Cobb. Li-
brarlan.

Included in the new collections
are Wagner's “Tannhauser” by the
Munich State Opera. Robert Heger
conducting; “The Glass Menag—
erie,” “Yellow Bird," and selected
poems of Tennessee Williams. all
read by him: T. S. Eliot‘s “Cocktail
Party." with members of the orig-
inal cast; Christopher Fry‘s “The
Lady’s Not For Burning". with John
Gielgud and Pamela Brown; “Julius
Caesar”. an opera in three acts by
George L. Handel. performed by
the chorus and orchestra of the
Handel Society; Arthur Miller's
"Death of a Salesman.“ featuring
Thomas Mitchell and members of
the original cast; “The Coronation
of Poppea," by Monteverdi. pcr-
t‘ormed by the Zurich Tohallc Or-
chestra. Chorus and Soloists. Wal-
ter Gochc conducting; “An Eve-
ning With Shakespeare". a Mar-
garct Webster Production. starring
fayc Emci‘son. Eva Lc Gallicnnc
and Claude Rains.

Students should itiqtiirc at ihc
downstairs library for other infor-
mation about the new rccords,
slates Miss Cobb,

Myskania Lists
Guardians, Rules

Myskania has announced the
('lilh’.‘ guardians and thc i'cgulatii s
for issuing warnings to freshmen.
according to Patricia 1)can ‘54.
Cl'iairinan.

The guardians for thc l'rcshmcn
are Madeleine Payne and Patricia
Dean: for thc Sophomores. Jo-
Annc Doyle and Dolores Dounelly.
The Junior guardians arc Kalhlccn
Anderson and Knihlccli ()bcrst. and
the Senior guardians arc Sylvui
Scmmlcr and Marvin (‘hcrnol't.
Kuthlccn ()bcrst will hc the Mys—
kania rcprcscntativc to thc rivalry
coinmitlcc and ihc Chairman of
\an‘lilll'iH is Kathlccn Anderson.

M)'>l(ltlll;l will challcngc thc frosh
in today's assembly to a socch
gziiiic lo hc hcld on ()ciohcr 1_'.

Siiicc lltc bciiiiics havc Iiol ur-
i‘ivcd in thc (To—op ycl. ihc ii'csh-
men will not bc subjch to warn-
ings for not wearing bcanics ttiilil
ihcy do. The :innotinccmcnt lo
bcgtn giving warnings will lic post.-
t‘Il oii lllc Mysltania btillctin board
in llustcd. .

'l‘hc following arc customs of
State Collcic. which ll (iisi'cg.'.:ii‘tl-
cd or disobcycd. shall rcsuli in
warnings to [ho tillt‘titlt‘i'.\.

l..‘~‘.cnior:~ shall march oiii oi
.i.--.scinbly Ill’:~I llilltl\\t'tl by Juniors.
Hiqihotnoics. .ind li'cslancn. in thc
ortlcr Il.llllt'tl.

".1. I"l‘c.\lliiit‘ll shall llt'IIlll'l' t‘llil‘l'
(Continued on Page (1‘, ('olimnt 5'

Local Dralt Boards
Furnish Test Blanks

t\]ilillt‘.t[ltili~. lor thc Novcnihci'
ltl. liloIl .oid April 2:. lilol :ttlllllli-
inflation,» ol thc (‘ollcgc Qualill—
t'.l[ItlIl 'I't‘slw .ll't' Ito\\ il\tlIllllllt' .il
Hcli-ctiyc Hci‘vicc Hystcni local
board» throughout ilic country
lltligiblc .wllltlt'lll‘~ who IIlIl'Iltl to inkl'
1111:. lcsl on cithci‘ dntc should up“
p'y ill oitcc. according to lln' I'Idtl-
c.tllIIiI:il 'I‘cslliig Sci'ylt'c
('omplcti-d npplicntioio :»lllillltll1l'
Illiilll'il nnincdtntch Ill lhc proud»
t'll i'li\cloli lo llll' Hi'li‘t‘ilh' Ht'l‘\'~
\ll'l' i'.'\ii|ill|llil;’. Station. Educat-
lioli.il l't'wlliij', Hci'\‘lt‘t'. l’ () ll||\

itlti. l’itni-cton. New .Ici c\ {\p-‘
lilinilloih lot llu No\i'llilii‘|’ lli Ical
lllll»[ lit' liiiwlllldllxt‘ll no l.itct than
inulnighi. Nowmbcr Ll. limit.

11 will bc to thc sittdcnt'ri .id-

\.tnia::c lo lilc his application 111
oncc. 11;',tlltllt'.‘h ol llic tcsliiq'. llillt'
lp- .‘it'lt'i'ln, stutcs ihc l‘ltllit'nlltilllil
'I't‘slliit: Scrvicc. ‘l'hc rcsulis will
bi- ii-poi'lcd lo lhc sliidcnl's Scler-
tnc Ht‘l\11‘t‘ local board of put-.-
diction ior use in considering his
dcicrincnt as a student.

 

To Fall Outing

The Young People‘s Group of the
Alliance Francoise of Schenectady
has made plans for a picnic to be
held at Skidmore College in Sara-
toga. The event will take place
on Sunday. October 4, between the
hours of 2 and 6. The group ex-
tends “ hearty invitation to all iii-
tci'cstcd students to take advantage
of this opportunity to spend a
French afternoon.

All who wish to attend should
contact Willard Reitz. '55. through
Student Mail or at Sayles Hall bc~
fore 29 September. Transportation
to Saratoga will be arranged by
the Alliance.

The Alliance Francaise is a so-
cial and cultural organization for
French-speaking people, The ben-
efits of membership are extended
to students at State anti the other
nearby colleges through tthroupe
ties .leuncs Gens.

Anyone wishing to apply for
membership may contact Reitz or
Dr. Preston of the Department of
Modern Languages.

Richter Announces
Residence Officers

Rcsidcncc Council has elected its
officers for the current school year
according to Ruth Richter '54.
Prcsidcnl. The new officers are:
Margarcl Guinaii. Vicc President,
 Annc Van Akcn ‘54. Juniors.
Secretary Treasurer. The newly
clcclctl Board members are Kath-
ryn Ctiwcll, Maric Elder and Jean
liascy. Seniors.

Residence Cotincil. an organiza-
tion consisting of the presidents of
the College Group Houses for wun-
cli. operates under the supervision
of thc Dcun of Women and the
Faculty Housing Committh to leg-
islate. interpret and enforce cer-
tain measures that affect student
life in women‘s group houses.
’i‘hcsc mcasurcs are all set forth in
Ri‘.\l(lt'llCL‘ Regulations. states Miss
itichicr

Kappa Phi Kappa
Plans, Organizes

Kappa Phi Kappa plans are titt-
tlcrway to start ihc program for
lhc t'ollcgc year. reports Howard
Ahdcrs '54. President. Kappa Phi
Kappa is thc honorary education-
at fraternity at Statc College.

’l‘lu- ncw officers for this year
arc: Alidcrs. Prcstdcnt; ’l'honius
l’icncnziii. Vicc Prcsidcnt; Paul
Ward. Secretary; Bruce Campbcll.
(il':ltl.\; 'l‘racsui‘cr; and Kenneth
I‘IVt‘l'ili‘tl :34. 111stoi'inn. Dr. Rosc-
brook. Professor of liklucation Dc-
parcmcni, is the facility atlvtsor of
Kappa Phi Kappa.

7min' In

liy JOYCE

lt'or Ihosc oI you who are pop-
ular lilli.\lt' 'adthcts.” there Will be
.I wondcrlnl opportunity for yoti to
\1'1' sonic of tour ltl\’til‘llt' i'ccot'd-
ing star.» in person ill the capital
.irca. Nat "King" t‘olc. Sarah
Vaughn. and italph Marlcric and
his orchcstt'a \\lll :ippcar at the
l‘rocloi 'l'licnlrc Ill Schcncclatly
ncxi 'l'hui'sday.

 

Scan-classical music lovers. don't
torgct llii' Albany Light Opera
t‘oinpauy's presentation of (itlbcri
and Sullivan's “’i‘hc Mikado." which
will be givcn tonight and tomorrow
lll:',lil ni I’Illlili Livingston Junior
High School

to takc a pcck into ilic iiiiui'c,
thc lloston Symphony Orchestra.
conducted in l'icrrc Monlcux. wtll
bu :ti iiic I\'.I'I It‘lcld Holisc iii
‘lioy on ()cliilu‘t' 'Jti

I‘lu- Albany institulc ol llistoiy
.iIltl Art 1:. icatui‘ing some vcry
woiihwlnlc exhibits Iicliig shown
right now through Scptcmbcr 2’1.
in thc liohcrt ll. Appleton collcc~
tion oi prints and paintings. 'l‘his
tlilll‘tlllill includcs sonn- oi the
world liilt‘sl ui'liids' works from
Illii‘ci lo l’li'llhhti.

"liitilgcs Arc licautilui." an ex-
lubtl. ui lhc csthctics of bridge dc—

 

4%, 4mm

 

Dr. Edith 0. Wallace. Professor
of Ancient Languages, will speak
today at the zone meeting of the
Teachers- Association Conference at
Potsdam and Watertown. Dr. Wal-
lace will discuss "Your Faith and
Your Skill." in the foreign lan-
guages division of the conference.

Dr. Margaret L. Hayes, Professor
of Education and Elizabeth Conk-
1in. Instructor of Education, are
co-authors of an article appearing
in the September issue of The
Journal of Experimental Education.
The article concorns “Attitudes and
Experimental Change".

Dr. Hayes and Mabel Jackman.
Instructor of Librarianship. spent

Commerce, Spanish

Clubs Hold Meetings

Two of the Departmental Clubs
will hold their opening meetings of
this school year next week.

Pan~Amigos will have its first
meeting Thursday at. 4 p.111. in the
college. according to Marie Mc~
Caffrey '54. President. The main
purpose of the meeting is to wel-
come all interested frosh. Spanish
songs will be sung and refresh-
ments will be served at the close of
the mccitng. A second meeting is
planned for early October.

Conunercc Club will hold its first.
open meeting of the year Monday
in Room 141. New Draper, from Ill
to 12:30 l).lll.. reports Richard
Bailey ‘54. President. Commcrcc
Cliib. an organization whose pur-
pose is to present the problems of
Btisiiit‘ss Education with the view
of stimulating active interest in
the business world. welcomes all
students who are taking three or
more hours in thc BUslllL‘Ss Educa-
iloii Department. Bailey furlhcr
states that this year's major activ-
ity will be attendance of an an-
nual busiiuss education conference.

Commuters Club
Receives Frosh

Coimnuters Club is holding its
annual reception for membcrs of
the Clas sof ‘57 who are conniuit-
crs on Wednesday at 3:30 pm. in
Richardson Lotiiigc, stulcs (it'orgc
Wood. President of Coinnnitci‘s
Club, Dancing and games will pro—
vide the cutcrtalumcnt. and re-
frcsluncnts will be scrvcd. A11
commuters are welcome to attend.

Virginia Watts '56, heads the
committee for arrangements; Kalli-
ryn Johnston '55. is in charge of
rct‘rcshmcnts; and Elaine Swarl—
otii '56. heads the publicity coin-
mittcc.

As this is Commutcrs Club's first.
activity of the college year, it is
hopcd that a considcrablc number
ot frosh will be prcscnt. slates
Wood. Uppcrclussnicn are also
urged to attend so that, the affair
will be a big success.

74¢ 70am

_———.._.__.

____.—._.

lilAli‘lAN’l‘
:xllill and construction. is being dis-
playcd lit the Round (.iallci'y of thc
institute until ()ctobct‘ i2.

’i‘hc Ki'ushuar Gallery of New
York (‘ity has urraitgcd aii cxhlbii
ol coiilcinpoi‘ui‘y Aint'i‘lcuti puliit—
lugs to be shown at ilic instituti-
from Ot'loht'i‘ :l to Noycmbcr 'J
’l‘hc (‘Xlllllllitill will sample present
day p.1liillllgs by well-known and
lcsscr \chI—kuown artists from acron
lhc tullloll.

The Madison ’l‘hcutrc is lcuiui"
ing "Stulug 17." adapted froin l
long—run Broadway play. >.Illi'l‘llll.l
l)on 'l‘aylor and William iloldcn.
tonight and tomorrow The second
lcaitirc is “Son of (ioltl Slur.“

lini‘huru Stunwyck and I"I'cdl\’1ac-
Mlti'l'il)‘ iii‘c co-sliil's oi "'l'llc Moon—
iltthtcr.” being shown with "Shoot
Fir-Ni” ai llll' Strand this wcck—
l'lltl

 

Gerald Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y
l'iione 6-8010

part. of the summer touring South
America and Caraoao.

Ruth E. Hutchiiis, Instructor of
Art, spent three weeks this sum-
mer in Chautauqua. N. Y. Miss
Hutchins attended concerts and
lectures on world affairs and paint-
ed the surrounding landscape.

Robert F. Creegan, Instructor of
Philosophy. wrote an article that
appeared in the July issue of the
Education Theory. The article.
"Rational Liberty. a Brief Defense",
was written in reply to a criticism
printed by a former pupil of Mr.
Creegan.

This summer Mr. and Mrs. Cree-
gan sailed on the Anna Sallen, a
student-teachers ship. to Europe.
The trip was a service of the Coun-
cil for Student Travel which has
offices in New York, London and
Paris. The Creegans visited France.
Spain. Germany. Belgium. Holland,
England and Scotland. They vis-
ited various universities on the con-
tinent and appraised political and
social trends of the day.

Forum Releases
Fall Program

According to Paul Saiinond ‘54,
President of Forum. the organiza-
tion plans to have Dr. Hans Kuhn.
a prominan authority on nation-
alin.n. as 4.1 guest speaker in Feb—
rtiary on the subject, "Russia, Is
She Part of Europe?"

Forum is also making attempts
to arrange an address by Countess
Tolstoy.

Student applications for member-
ship on the Forcign Policy Associa-
tion are available. Membership
cntiilcs one to attend meetings rel-
ativc to foreign affairs cnoduciml
by the association. and also to rc-
t't'in' publications of the Foreign
Policy Association. If anyone is
iiit;-t'csted iii mcnibership. thcy
should coiilact any Board member.

Forum of Politics is a campus
organization of students interested
ill lhc vital national and political
problems of the day. It aims to
stimulaic a great lillt'l'csl in cur-
rcnt questions. lo conduct investi—
gations by research atul licarings
about .-ontctnporary issues. and to
llt'tllhillll students with lcgislalivc
and political pl'ot't‘thil‘t' to cnstirc
inoi‘c intclhgcnt participation in
tliLlltit‘l'ililt‘ govcrnmcnt.

’l‘hc bl—wcckly programs consist
of naiionally-known or locally
pronnncni spcukcrs. discussions.
dcbatcs, or films conccrncd with
current problcms. Sindcnts partic-
ipulc iii scvcl'itl iiilci‘—collcgiulc
t‘tiilli‘l‘l‘ili‘t‘h iliiti \\‘t‘llc tll‘ilclcs loi‘

thc publication "Soapbox" (ithcr
aiciivilicr- Inchidc political I'tilllcs.
public opinion poll». radio programs.
and high school rclations.

'l‘hc Vicc-Prcsldcnt o1 l“orttin is

ltohcrt llclglc '54; Hccrclai'y is 112d—
ward liclnnan ‘5-1: and Treasurer
is Clai‘cncc Moshci' '55

Balslds Announces

’Ped' Picture Deadline

ll‘:ticl'illl_\. sorority and honorary
pictures tor the "I’t‘tltigogr'" will
be today until (rill) pin and tomor—
i‘o\\' Il‘olil ii iii 13 liooll

Faculty picturcs will bc t.iltcn
tomorrow from 1 lo (hilt) pm and
Sunday lrom o to to pin lll Acm-
lI_\‘ lioom :l at lirtibachci. .tn»
nounccd Elcanoi‘ lialaskis '.i~l. pho-
tography cditoi'

W.

('orncr ()iitai‘io it Iicnson
liltil 1-1125
FLORIST &
filtIt‘ENIlOllSE
(‘ollcgc Ii‘lori'sts for Years
Special Attention
for
Sororities and Fraternities

 

 

 

 

AXCTE Group

Receives Grant

From Foundation
Dr. Collins Is Member

Of Religious Committee

Dr. Evan R. Collins. President
of N.Y.S.C.T.. is serving on a com-
mittee of the American Association
of Colleges for Teacher Education
that has received a grant of $30,000
a year for two years from the Dan-
t‘orlh Foundation, St Louis. "to
teach about religion as a means of
understanding religion's role in
human affairs."

Dr. Collins is a member of a
committee that is about to take a.
new approach to the controversial
question of religion in education.
About the work he says. “The proj~
ect Would not aim to teach religion
as such. sectarian or otherwise. and
would not attempt to develop indi-
vidual commitments in prospec-
tive trachcrs. While these things
are important, they are princi-
pally the responsibility of the
church and home.

Dr. Collins and the other mem--
bers of the committee. including
the chairman. Dr. John G. Flowers,
president of Southwest Texas State
Teachers College. have been work-
ing on the project since last sum~
mer and fall. Last February Dr.
Collins reported for the committee
at. the national meeting of the as-
sociation in Chicago,

Grads To Take
ETS Tests

According to thc Educational
Testing Scrvicc. the Graduate Rec-
ord litxaminalions will be admin-
istered at cxaaninution centers
throughout ihc country four tithes
111 lhc coining _viar. These exami-
nations arc required of applicants
lor admission to most. graduate
schools and how been taken by
Iillil't‘ than 0.000 students through—
otit lhc ycai' '52-‘53 in partial fui~
tillmcnt of admission requirements
of graduatc schools which pre-
scribed 11.

1031‘s. advises each applicant to
inquire of llic gradtiaic school of
his choice which of thc cxamina~
iloll» he should lakc atid \vhcn.
Candidates may lakc thc (1.12.13. on
Saturday. Novcinbci' H and on
January 311. May 1 and July 10 in
10.31. Applicants for graduate
S.'liinil fellows-hips should ordinar-
ily tak l‘llli' (lcsignaicd cxuiuhtu-
tions in thc fall administration.

included in ihc ORE. icsis arc
ll lcst ol gctict‘al scholastic ability
and advanccd lcvi-l tests of acliieve~
incnt in sc\'cntccn different subject
inaltcr icilds. According to E.T.S.,
candidates arc pcrinillcd to take
lllt‘ Allllllltlt‘ 'I‘crl and or one of
thc Advanced ’l'csts.

(‘andldatcs wishing to apply may
obtain application forms and itBttl-
lctln of Information. which pro—
\'lilt‘.\ dctalls ot rcgisiraiion and
administration. as wcll as sample
questions. should contact their col-
lcgc uth'isorr oi‘ write to Education-
;il 'l‘cslnig Scrrlcc. P. O. Box 592,
l’rlnccton. N, .l. or i”. O. Box 91196.
lbs lt'chx. Station. I.o.\ Angclcs 27.
('illlllii‘lllli. t‘oniplclcd applications
must l‘t‘tl.'li ihc Ell‘S oillt'i' at lcnsi
lillt't‘ll days bcioi'c thc date of the
administration lor winch lhc cati—
iiidalc is applying

Almost Too (iood
'I‘o Iic 'l‘i‘uc .
12” LONG
PLAYING RECORDS

Only $1.98 apiece
'i‘clnnkotsky Symphony No. :‘i
l-‘rantlt Symphony ill 1) Minor

li.iclnn.nunoli Sccond i'iiiiio
Concerto

l)\or.tk "Ncw Wolld" Symphony

and many others

BLUE NOTE SHOP
156 (‘entrai Ave.
iAcross from Neisncr‘s 1') w": 101
Open ti Nights ’tIi ii

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_-

 

y
'1‘.

