
3
l
i

 “our”-.. u-.,w. ~ - " ~

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

For Better Criticism . . . . .

From the letter on this page and many other com-
ments, it appears that we have had difﬁculty in
striking a balance in criticisms offered in the One
,Man’s Opinion column this year. Too often, only
the bad, or, on the other hand, only the good por-
tions of the production under examination have been
subjected to comment. We agree that this is not
good criticism, and we do not like SA to feel that
it must re-hash stage presentations in letters to the
editor in order to get fair evaluation. While the
original purpose of a rotating One Man‘s Opinion
authorship was to obtain variety, we admit that a
fully qualiﬁed, impartial critic, working on a yearlv
basis would be an immeasurable improvement. One
question—where do we get such a person P ? ? The
NEWS is not qualified to train drama critics. If
D&A Council or D8IA Affiliates or anyone closely
associated with stage presentations feel that they
are capable of selecting such a person, and having
him an impartial critic of the many productions
which are theirs, all well and good. (Incidentally.
with the exception of last week’s criticism. D&A has
been influential in selecting the One Man‘s Opin-
ion writers.) If such a person can be found who
meets with our approval as a columnist, we are
willing to accept him on a yearly basis. if it is felt
that this will improve the column and its purpose~
to give fair evaluation and constructive criticism.
What about it D&A? Do you think yours and other
productions have been unfairly criticized? If so,
let‘s do something about it. We‘re willing.

Finish . . . ..

Farewells never come easily. As we approach
Moving-Up Day. we have a strange feeling of our
unimportance as we realize that nothing will cease
or even change to any extent with our departure:
that the leaders who will be announced tomorrow
are capable and ready to take over where we have
left off. In reflecting upon the year however. it is
apparent that we have accomplished many things.
some big. some small. but all very necessary to the
College‘s progress. What we have done this year
stands as a base from which next year‘s Student
Association can work forward. and for this reason.
our accomplishments. after all. have been import-
ant.

Tomorrow we bid farewell to an outstanding
l'resident and his assisting officers, to an active
Student Council and a more active .\lyskania. and
to the most thorough Student Board of Finance
we've seen in four years and more. These have been
the leaders who have guided SA through an event»
ful year. They have earned many times over a vote
of Student Association appreciation for their ser-
vices.

Tomorrow also. we will take leave of the news-
paper office to make way for a new NI'IWS lloard
and staff. [for this reason it is also our turn to sav
goodbye. We have dealt with many controversial
issues this year. We have tried to be fair in the
pictures we presented. We have Inade mistakes: we
have never been above criticism. However. we have
tried to bring you a paper each week serving you
and the college cotnmunity with balance and
thoroughness: reflecting your opinions fairly:
guiding your opinions objectively. We hope that an
over-all picture of service performed is a good one.

The end of the year has sneaked upon us. We
rather have the feeling that we have left too many
things unsaid and undone. We will not apologize
for our shortcomings. however. for we realize that
progress is not measured in college years. but in
people and their acctImplislnnents. To those people
selected to lead after us lead well. be fair. be :Is
thorough as you Ian. never become so impressed
with your own importance llIat you look down upon
minor accomplislnnnls. To those who have led
with us thanks.

.\nd so to press . . . .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I916

BY THE CLASS OF IQIB

 

V()l.. XXXVII Mll)‘ 8. 19.43 No 2:3
\II-Inlu-rs of tin \II\\.\‘ staff may he r-uo-ln-Il ‘l’III-sILIy
- f.I_\ from T In ll p Ill .ll J H!“ 7H ll
3 Sift!” Inilltnan ‘lI'IlI‘. l\o./.-‘\\ shrub-r17.
.ll.‘ llI‘:/.III~|I\. Ii‘.’ 1le. I'llll. '1 Jul.»
'l‘he on-Iergradnalv f|I w «paper of Iln- \lww lorl. Stan- t'ol
h-gw for ‘ln-aI'In-rs published I-II-I'y l‘IolaI of the t'ola-ge
year III the \l'2\\.\' Iloard for the Sillilllll .\-.so-'I.IIIon
ItAIIISAItA I'I‘2.\('I'l - - - r - I‘ZIlllIIr-ln-(‘lllnf
III‘2\lt\' litIhZI'IHHIiI to AIIIIIIIglIIu I‘ltlltor
Inh'I‘III‘Ilt \l.\\.\I(|H - r ‘ lo .“IIIIIIKIHK I'lllllnr
Iltl‘l\l‘l IIIH'I' NHIit - - A ('o I'IIIIIII' “t‘lltiltllln I‘Jdliur
[ELIZABETH I‘LA’I'I' - t'o-I'llbllc III-liltlonn I'ZIlltor
AISI'ZI. lil..\'I'I‘\l.-\N ~ - - - » Hporlu I‘itlllur
lltiltlh litllll'llt'l'Y - r Henlor Hporta Elli-.rnber
.HIIIIHNI'; HIUH‘I“ v » Ilunlmma»Arlyertlnlnx Murmur-r
MAIHI'ZIJJ'ZN HItiIJ‘LIt ~ - v — - (‘lrenlutlon )IIIIIqu-r
hll'IlII'll. \HIUIHIAN ‘ — - - - I'Ihclmuue ltdltur
IIH'3\IC I'llllHiI‘llI ~ - - Anmwlute I'Illltur
HALIJ tiI'lIIIt- Associate lCtlltor
dint I‘. HI It’l'l'lh‘ -.\nsoclnto I‘JIlllur

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

TO THE CHIEF:

 

Dear Barbara,

Tomorrow someone will take over
your position as Editor-in-Chief.
This action will signify the end of
a year of wise and successful lead-
ershfp.

Together we have worked for an
informative, respected newapaper.
We have chosen to lead student
opinion rather than to be its mirror.

You have taught us how to man-
age an important means of campus
communication. You have shown us
where our responsibilities lay and
under your guidance we have ac-
cepted and administered them to
the best of our ability.

We appreciate the opportunity you
have. given us to understand the
workings of Student Government
and to become acquainted with the
College administrators.

Many thanks for all that you
have done, and best wishes for the
future.

Sincerely.
The News’ Board and Staff 1952-1953

 

7min’ In

 

On WRGB this morning at 11. the
State College weekly Television Show
will focus its cameras upon the Sci-
ence Congress with Dr. Paul Lemon.
Assistant Professor of Biology, in
charge.

A piano recital by Cynthia Berber-
ian. a 15 year old Milne High School
Sophomore from Loudonville and
the pupil of Mr. Edward Morris of
the Albany Conservatory of Music.
will take place tonight at 8:30 pm.
at the Albany Institute of History
and Art.

Tickets for the event. priced at
$1.00 per person for the general pub—
lic and $.60 for students. are on sale
at Van C'urler's Music Store and at
the Art Institute.

The program will include works
by Bach. Scarlatti. Schumann. Cho—
pin. and Khatchaturian. and “.11
conclude with Debussy's well-known
“Claire de Lune" and de Falla's “Ri-
tual Fire Dance."

Tune in to WABY this Saturday
evening at 6:30 pm. when Radio
Council's weekly disc-jockey show.
Musically Speaking will present a
program of musical transition. Orig-
inal classical pieces and their re-
arrangements as semi-classical not
popular favorites will highlight this
half-hour of recorded music.

The following pictures will be fea-
tured 0n the local movie playbills
this weekend.

The Delaware Theatre will pre-

By RHODA BERGER —-

74¢ 70“... m _

 

sent tonight: “Cry the Beloved
Country." starring Canada Lee. Mr.
Lee rose to fame as a result of this
movie. This movie is based upon the
novel of the same name by Alan
Paton.

After a lapse of several years. Bing
Crosby and Bob Hope are again ap—
pearing in one of their popular
“Road” pictures. "Read to Bali" is
now playing at your local Madison
Theatre.

Beginning tomorrow. “Ruby Gen-
try." with Jennifer Jones and
Charleton Heston. and "Something
for the Bride" will be featured at
the Madison.

The "Blu-Tro-Jaz" group is pre-
senting a concert of cool sounds in
a short session. These sidemen will
feature Bob Gilbert and his Capital
All-Stars. The groovy stash is the
Cat and the Fiddle at Troy-Averill
Park Road and the jam session is
from 3 to 7 pm. on May 17. It prom-
ises to be the most and back.

This Wednesday the very color-
ful Tulip Festival will take place.
This annual affair will begin with
the traditional ceremonies at Wash-
ington Park that afternoon. Twelve
State College students will be at-
tendants at this springtime event.
A queen will be chosen at that. time
and presented to the public at ‘l
ball at. the DeWitt Clinton Hotel to
the melodic background of Ray Mc-
Kinley's Orchestra.

 

command

 

There has been a great deal of
adverse criticism about the recent
All—College Reyue in the State (‘ol-
lege. News and I'd like to say a few
words about it. in the guest column
spot two weeks ago. a lot of cracks
were taken at the Revue. since as It
turned out. that person had heard
unfounded rumors about the Junior-
F‘rosh show and because of a fear
that. a successful A-C-R might elim-
Inate Big-4‘s not. a very plausible
basis upon which to judge a show.
last week. One Man's Opinion. tillltl
I‘m not men sure it was half that!]
called the .~c\ue "an evening of en-
Isrhdnment and not much more."
I'd like to know what your critic
wanted a moral message perhaps?
The lleyne was set up to entertain
and give students a I'llllln't' to per-
form. 11 dId that successfully with
a great many more \t'f‘lll'b :Inl act—
ll_'_ titan the with lif.‘llllollt‘tl.
would like to vll‘.‘11‘sl to the Minor
that it pI-I'manI-nf dianm t'l'llif' llt'
.s I up by Ihe News to Insure unI«
lortu row-Inge llll‘ tlll‘l't‘ ycnr.

-\III 1.: Iiy. .In unsIIIIn-«f lot ‘I' .II'-

cused the author of the script. of
"obvious lifting of professional Ina-
tertal." May I suggest to these peo-
ple that they see every show the
songs were taken from. and I would
like to see original songs and music
here. although the author this year
can‘t write or read a note of music,
and then tell me if any case the
smile, with the exception of the. Top
Banana song with its jokes that
were part. of the song, did not. stand
alone with original material. These
unnamed ('l'lllt'S prefer to spend $750
tor a royalty" fee for a llroadwav
show InsIead of the more $14701)
that the All-(.Ttillt'gc Revue cost us.
to insure that we get a "tried and
true script." 11 these people would
l't'tllflf‘ that the success of the ffcvue
came from a workable scr.pt and
Ihrertor. and a lot of work and lov—
alif. from llll‘ cast and stage crew
and all their names should be Incu-
IIonI-d here they would not try Io
make pelly attacks from .1 tll:v.\'ltll.\<
1:1-o arInehaIr
HIRIII‘II.
Marvin (‘hcrnof‘f ‘Sl.

 

College Calendar - - -

FRIDAY. MA Y if

if p.m. SMILI‘IH lloard l\l('l'llIlL'.

llrIIbachI-I

lt'lltl pm "Maytnne" fiance. f’ugt- (i\m

MONDAY. MAY 11
'lzlfl) p.m. fhstrIbuIIve l~Tdnc.IIIon (
'l'l'lﬁs‘liAY. MAY l'!

"I pm. BEA Workshop Min-1mg.

\VI‘iIINI‘lSIlAY. MAY ill
11! non

721.") pm Sigmun Laudis llanqnel.

'l III'ITHIIAI’. MAY Ill

‘lub lVIt't'llqu. Draper l-t’f

llrIIbIIcln-r.

SCA (,‘hapel. Park llnIted Presbyterian (‘hurch

llrubuchcr.

T Ill) p.m. Newman Club Meeting. Newman llall.
ll III) pm ()l‘('llt'>ll‘ll (.‘onccrt. l’ugc llall.

FRIDAY. MAY 6. 1953

 

gamma-sided

I_____ By J. KOREA and R. HUGHES ___

FROM THE CRYSTAL BALL
Tomorrow will be the big day: the secrets will ﬁnal-
ly be out. Before we make a. few predictions. we woutd
like to put in a plug for Moving-Up Day. Last year
the turn-out for the morning ceremonies was not ill:-
to past records. We would like to urge all who can
attend this year to do so. This is probably the biggest
clay of the year for most of us. graduation excepted.
and no one should miss it if it is at all possible to
attend.
When the roll is called tomorrow morning. the fol-
lowing, we predict, will step forward:
President of SA—Neil Brown
Vice-Pres. of SA-Combs
Secretary of SA—Brezny
The Lucky Thirteen—

Brown Semmler
Dean Hanson Oberst
Chernoff Allen Calabrese
Payne McManuS Donnelly
Hopkins Allasfo

WHAT WILL IT BE?

The latest large scale balloting took place in lower
Husted this past week. The Senior class. voting by
preference, was deciding what the class gift to the
school will be. Among the items were tea sets and
furniture. since we are in at predicting mood. we ming.
just as well try our hand at this one. It looks like It
is going to be furniture for the cafeteria. and We cer—
tainly need it.

SUCCESS

Congratulations to the Blood Committee. and thc
ninety-seven people who turned out to donate blood
last Monday. The idea to have the shutouts donate i:‘
a group has been kicking around for quite a while.
and it ﬁnally germinated through the efforts of tin-
committee.

SKITS

We hear that the skits this Saturday night are In,
ing to be quite good. The Sophomores have another
[and we quote last week's neWsI "Arthur's Rank Pm
duction“ to present. depicting life at State. The frosh
skit is still a mystery. but judging from past perform-
ances it ought to be good.

3 S S S $

And today in assembly? Why budgets. of course. We
have a few Inore to go. but they are rather lengthy.
Don't get too anxious to get finished: money is mom-y
no matter how you look at it.

TROUBLE

The Juniors have our sympathy. There's notlnm
like waiting for your class ring for three years. and
then having to return it because of poor workmansfnn
Cheer up. you'll probably get them in time for gradtr
ation. And a note to you Juniors. in a more pleasant
vein—you eat. tomorrow morning at if at the Bout.
LOST

Where. oh allele is the '53 banner? flow can we
march down Western Ave. the night of Moving—Up May
when we have no banner to carry. We have tried ever
thing. but nothing that even looks like a red and wind
dust rag has turned up. Joe has been working hard.
but to no avail. If worse comes to worse we could :ll'
ways throw our lVfortarboards in the air like they do
at. Annapolis.

GOING WEST. YOI'NG MEN?

State‘s scholarship student from Pakistan. Ila".
Cooper. is to take part in the Music Festival at .’\>[)l'lf.
Colorado. this summer. Just one difficulty traint-Iu
will amount to $181. which is out of the question. 1
Is for this reason that Miss Cooper has approached
the Editor about the possibility of a ride West. S'It
must be in Aspen on June 28, but is willing to It‘lllt'
any time after the close of school. liven a lfll par:
way in this direction would be of help. What say w-
get. behind her and help her along? Anyone wuh plan-
for traveling West this June is asked to get III rm:
fact with Miss Cooper. your columnists. or the I‘ltlfllll

We would like to say farewell to this year's nilicc!‘
They got themselves in hot water now and then. bn'
then things always turned out alright! They had t'\
l'l'l'llllllll thrown at them but the kitchen sink. It"
they came cut on top. We hope that those of you w' <
will he named to offices tomorrow \\‘fll follow llIv'l
example. To the old we say. a job well—done: lo "I
new. go..d luck next year.

MUD Procedure

The following procelurc has been oullnnuf ll
Moving-Up l)ay' exer‘lses tomorrow:

I. I'rocessional—tl It. In.

A. l. Seniors will form :I donnin- fnn- In-z'unun .I
Mint-Ha and end If», ill the llt‘f'..\l\lt' lI‘fltlfll‘ to 'In
Library.

‘J. Juniors \\Ill met-t by the III-usual s on. I' on
their lllll‘ wIll extend Inlo the pI-IIsI\lI- of fin II‘I

If Sophomore lines wIll sIIu'I Ill 'er .-\nn<-\ .III.
the fool of lift“ step, to lIlI lt‘tl illlll \\.ll tlltl .Il ll“
(‘o—op lll lower lll'llll'l'

I ’lhe freshman double fans will :-I.Ir| IJIIl-v-
the .‘s‘ophomorI-u ill the :zn'ls' Io:'kI'I Ioom Ill 
fh'aper and wIll c\II-Inl Io llfl' loweI l.IIn..I".

ll. Al fl '5” a In. llll' procession wIll lll"lll wI'h ‘ll'
Hetnor class lllill't'lllll‘ down the hoof steps of lIItIII‘I
ltll'lllllt'. l'll'.lll at Western :\\cnuc. then llllll.ll‘ If :I
.I' the walk \\llll'll haul. lo fluted. llIIIIIII" ltll .I
llIIsII-d. \\.Illt1h:: Iowzud Albany llf“ll .Ind Ihen |.'l|‘
up the walk to Page lI-lll 'f‘he .IIInIors. Hophomoro
and freshmen waf follow the Hemor- ill oI‘Ich‘ I“
l’.n:e llall
ll. Seating.

A. 1 Seniors In front. center section. lIf.||fI flow!

1!. Juniors lIf llll' rn'hl section of the main 11””
and III the I'lihl secI'on of the bait-om

if Sophomores III lhe ll‘ll serlton ot the mam IIooI
and the rows left nnoI'cupn-d by the Hemqu In llll
center section.

Al. lt'reshmen in the MI and center set-lions of tin
balcony

1Continued on Poor 5. (lohtnmll

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 8. 1953

PAGE O

 

"Sophs Victorious
In Softball, 13-8

Last Wednesday night the potent
Sophomore girls clobbered the frosh
femmes in rivalry softball by the
score of 13-8 beh‘nd the eﬁective
hurling of young Edie Tltterton.

Although it is true that the doom-
ed frosh put up a spirited struggle
and tied it up at seven all in the
eighth inning. the observer felt
that the slugging Sophs would come
through in the clutch. And they did.
with a harmless feminine interpret-
ation of the Dorm Field ground
rules which nipped the freshman
rally in the bud. And then the
Sophs roared back with six runs
in the fast inning to win in a blaze
of glory.

_ Home Ran
BYIBAIN!

 

midi

IT'S A HIT! The fun of a
train trip home with friends...

enjoying roomy comfort and

sw'ell lllIllllIIvt'lII‘ meals.

 

IT'S A STEAL! (inlln‘r a
group of 25 or more heading
IlIIlllI‘ in the some direction at;
the some tinn'. 'l‘lIen go (iroup
(‘om-lf I’lan . . . returning sepa-
ratI-ly next fall il'yon wish. You
I'm ll ‘w.’l\'t' up to IIH'. compared

wIlh one way field-ls!

-(2 If)
N )

 

   

   

SAFE AT HOME! You'll
get home promptly llH planned
on the IraIn . . . with safety and
all weather certainly no other
troy el cnn Illillt'll.

ASK YOUR RAILROAD TICKET AGENT
ABOUT GROUP PLAN AND
SINGLE ROUND-TRIP SAVINGS

EASTERN
RAILROADS

 

444863}! State Wallops New
0 Face Utica Here Tomorrow

By ABEL BLATTMAN

 

Got one big gripe to air before I
rellngufsh my job. and it, is direct-

ed at the student body. Last year .__

A.A. board began operations and
has been doing a splendid job since.
This year they have repeatedly
called open hearings for the sake of
having the students express them-
selves concerning the introduction
of new lines. To say that these
hearings have been poorly attend-
ed would be a gross understatement.

I sincerely hope that this type of
inaction is not a token of things
to come. I believe that it is of ut-
most importance that students take
an active part In the planning of
an athletic program for such a pro-
gram to be successful. It takes very
little imagination to sit back and
criticize someone else's work after
it has been done, rather than offer
some original suggestions, especial-
ly when they have been requested.

This effort represents the last for
this columnist. and I'd like to thank
all the people who have helped us
sweat out the Wednesday night
deadline. Doris Doherty. the brains
of the outfit. disguised as a make‘
up editor; Bob Ashfleld and Ray
Wolfe. two good men with talent
for sports writing that prom‘ses
great success; dependable Dottie
Mehan; Dave Burroughs. and the
freshmen that aided the cause.

Thanks also to Merlin Hathaway.
who despite our many disputes. has
been both cooperative and helpful,
and a good friend.

Words never come easy when one
reaches the end of the road. Wheth-
er we reflect nostalgieally. or look
to the future there persists a feel—
ing of saclne~s. The future for ath—
letics at State does look bright,
and we want to end with a good
luck to the new Sports editor; the
AA. board and the coaches of the
health education department. May
they and the school experience the
best possible success in future en-
deavors.

WAA Plans
Spring Spree

Barbara Stcmpfe '34. has been
named general chairman of the an-
nual WAA Spring Spree. The event
will be held Saturday afternoon.
May 16. at Camp Johnston. Chat-
ham.

The schedule for the day will in-
clude group sports. a lunch and the
presentation of awards. A sign-up
sheet. will be placed on t.er WAA
bulletin board. Buses will leave at
10 am. and will return in time for
5:30 dinner at the dorms.

Those receiving awards will be
tho e who have complech or will
complete credIt in four sports in-
cluding credit for sports in two of
the three seasons. Those receiving
awards for the first time will win
class numerals. Other awards include
a WAA T-shirt. keys. and sport
charms for the second. third ll‘ltl
fourth years respectively.

 

 

.\l'ter the NIH)
I’rogram
Follow the

(lung to

TEMPERANEE
TAVERN

M

_._.__.____.__.______
'I‘heatre
PALAGE Atom NOW
I LOVE MELVIN
starring
Donald (I't‘onnor
Debbie. Reynolds

also
'I‘III'NIIICR IN THE EAST

_,_____——-—-—-—

 

 

 

_.-..._... _._.—-—--~

 

Hayseeds, VDZ
To Tangle Today

The IM softball league will feat-
ure only one game today. At 4:30
on Page Field, the Hayseeds will
tangle with Van Derzee Hall. Bev-
erwyck Park will be use-d for one of
the rained out games.

At Page Field on Wednesday. the
Potter Club reached Van Derzee’s
Curt Valentine for 13 runs. Pete
Telfer tossed a shutout for the club.
Ray Gibb and Bob Woodrow toiled
behind the plate for the victors and
losers.

KB squeezed out the Apachies
Monday on Page by a 9 to 8 deci-
sion. Ed Costello did the chucking
for the winners while Bob Strauber
hurled for the losers. Ron Reuss
and Ed Steel caught for the win-
ners and losers respectively.

Pete Telfer chalked up another
win for himself Tuesday as the club
handed SLS a 9 to 4 defeat on Page
Field. Carmen Corsi took the loss
for SLS. Again Ray Gibb toiled be-
hind the plate for the Club and Rod
Hilsinger worked for the losers.

Thursday. April 30. the APA
sieamroller chalked up another win
by trouncing the Haysecds 20 to 0.
John Allasio chalked up win num-
ber three. Jack IJoe Black) Carper
took the loss for the Hayseeds.
Charlie Cullen and Ken Everard did
the catching for APA and the Hay-
seeds.

The Potter Club racked up its
third victory of the week by hand—
ing the APAehics a 15 to 6 trounc-
ing. As usual. Peter Telfer did the
chucking for the Club. Bob Straub-
er took loss number two for the
week. Ray Gibb and Ed Steel work-
ed behind the plate for the yicton
and losers.

Week's Schedule

Page 4130——

May 7'4—APA-SLS
tleayseeds-VDZ
lle-Sta Mary‘s-APA
12—» SLS-Los Lcchones
137 Los Let-hones—APAehies
14w APA-Polter

Page 6:31)

May 7-—F‘inks-St. Mary‘s
11APAchies—Hayseeds
12~ KB-St. Mary's
13~~VDZ~Finks
li—Hayseeds-SLS

Beverwyck 4:30»

May 7 KB—Ims Lechones
81- Biscuits—Los Lechones
12 Potter-Biscuits
liA-wFinks-KB

WAA Cuts
Softball Trophy

Women's Athletic Association met
Wednesday and decided the late of
the annual Women's lM Softball
lt‘fl"llt‘ when it cancelled the trophy
award for this year. During: the past
~e\eral years. there has been a lcn—
._ne set up capped by cnd-of—the—
s a on play—oil‘s. with the victorious
ll'.llll hein»; awarded the Siftball
'lrophy. Lust \I'fll' l’lcl'cc llall clld-
Id [he mason. b}. wmnun: lllt‘ cup
for the second year III a row.

This season due to the Inclement
feather. 1M play had been posi—
pone.f for nearly llll‘t't‘ weeks.
'f‘ln'retorc. since ll would be Impos-
sIble to play sutl'IcIem yifllllt‘s for
the cup. W:\.-\ (‘ouncll cancelled
league play for the trophy.
(il‘ollp lIoIIse (‘ompetition (‘ontinues

lc‘or lln' remamdcr of 1er soft-«
lmll slur-on. l'l‘.:lll.ll open practices
\\.ll be loud No cancelled league
games will be played Iltl\\l‘\t'l'. fl
the uIandnal captains a-.:I‘cc. the
remainder of the frame schedule
will be played out.

WAA Is also planning a trip to
(‘amp Johnston. (‘lIIItlIanI. this
weekend. The campers will leave
Immediately after the morning
Movmg—Up flay eercmomcs. Any-
one Interested lIl Iztlllly: should eon-
lact AlIkI Apostohdes today.

 

Grad Falovin
Aids Garcia

A great helping hand Is he-
lng given to the baseball squad
this year by Carl Falovin, who
is presently enrolled as a grad
student here at State. Carl act-
ing as an assistant coach to Joe
Garcia. can be seen during any
of the squad‘s home games hol-
lering it up from the third base
coaching box.

Carl will resume his coaching
career on his own next fall when
he takes over the duties of the
head coach at CBA.

A recent graduate of Syracuse
University. Carl got plenty of
experience in the two varsity
sports of football and baseball
there by being quite active in
both as a player. Previous to his
athletic exploits at S.U., he was
a gridiron athlete at famed
Notre. Dame. which means that
our assistant coach must be
pretty good.

(‘arl has had previous experi-

ence as a coach in a high school
at Van Buren, Arkansas.

 

«Suﬁs’ Writ/s Melton

By DOTTIE MEHAN

 

Tomorrow is Moving—Up Day. and
the traditional symbol of the cli-
Inax of the year's scholastic and so-
cial activities. We all know. how-
ever, that such is not the case, that.
in reality Moving-Up Day is a turn—
ing point.

Standing at this turning point. we
can look back on a successful year
in all respects in Inost cases. Now
would appear to be the appropriate
time to allow ourselves to enjoy a
bit of speculation on what next
year may bring.

This year. the waiving of the
Sophomore. gym requirement was
the first big issue to confront some
of us. We wonder just how this
problem will be solved next year. Ar-
parently. the source of the ll'Ollbl"
has not been eliminated and the con-
flict is bound to arise again. How-
ever. there have been indications
that the Education observation pro-
gram has not met with 100‘. success.
This lab period was. of course. one
of the prime reasons the administra—
tIon found difficulty III scheduling
Sophomore gym this year. Perhaps
there Is a solution. Perhaps classes
lll Iughl Is the solution. We lltll‘t'
not. but some of the State Colleges
work this system with success. it
will be Interesting to see just fun
this will turn out.

Another thing to wonder about r
Ihe shortenmg ol Rivalry. ff ll con-
eludes \vIlh (‘nmpns Day. how \\lll
that affect the athletic contests.J

'f‘hen. too. “I” the plans to rent,-
vale Page fl:Ill III any way IIll'w'I
the use of the gan'.‘ It so. how".J

How long wIll it be before we ~Iw'
football on this cIuanIs'.’ Or are 'la‘
obstacles too great to overcome?

Obviously. you can't solve prob-
lems by wondering about them. but
It doesn't do any harm. either. The
only way to find out the outcome. It
seems. Is to return next year and sec!

Paltz, 5-0;

Combs Shines In
First Full Game;
Hurls 2-Hitter

After smearing New Paltz, 5-0,
on Wednesday afternoon. the State
baseball nine appears in good shape
for its first doubleheader of the sea-
son on Saturday afternoon. Both
games will be played against the
Tangerines from Utica College, one
a regularly scheduled contest and
the other a make-up of the game
which was rained out last Tuesday
at Uttca.

Combs Stars on Hill

On Wednesday, .10 eGarcia‘s ath-
letes looked like champions behind
the very fine twirling of De Combs,
a second year varsity man who has
really “come into his own" this sea-
son. Combs allowed only two hits
and three walks In racking up his
first victory against one defeat.
which was a heartbreaker suffered
at the hands of Willimantic. Big
stick men for State were. Catcher
Bob Dreher and outfielder Wayne
Overton with two hits apiece. Dre—
her is currently pacing the team
with a .333 batting average.

Defense Impressive

Another bright spot on the State
team was the good defensive work
of Bob Sage and Joe Stella at.
shortstop and third respectively.
This defensive showing was a far
cry from the seven-error fiasco
against Willimantic on opening
day. Sage also chipped in with a hit
while Stella drew two walks in four
trlps to the plate. Doc Miller took
over the left field spot in place of
the sick Ducky Lein and scored a
run in the second inning on two
New Paltz errors and Sage's single.

State opened up its offensive. in
the first inning as Overton's lead-
ofl single was followed by a stolen
base and two wild pitches for the
first run. State's other two runs in
the first inning were als.) the re-
sults of wildness on the part of the
New Paltz pitcher.

The box score:

 

 
 
  

 

 

 

S'I‘A’I‘E AB It II
‘zvcrton, cf 4 1 2
Sage. ss ........... .. . 4 1 l
Cannon. 2b .... .. . 4 1 0
Dreher. e .... .. . 3 i 2
Murphy. lb . 2 0 0
DeMicliiell, rf ............. .. . 4 0 1
Stella, 3b .... ..  2 0 0
Miller. lf‘ ................................ .. 3 l 0
Combs. p ..............................  2 0 0

Totals ...................... .. . . 28 .'r 6
NEW I’Al.’l". All It ll
lCibelIIeiser. 3b .................. .. ti 0 0
Wulfi‘. If . ..................... .. fl 0 0
Ilutton, If . ....................... .. 1 fl 0
Lyons. ill) 'I 0 l
Mott. ss . .l 0 0
Po“. ef‘ . .   .. .. 4 ’i 0
King " .   l 0 0
Cummings. lb ..................... .. 4 0 l
’l‘izio. rf' .  .. . . ....... .. if 0 0
Siegel"  ..  . .   l 0 0
Bucci. c .. .. . 3 0 0
lClIman. p . 3 0 0

Totals .  3:3 0 ‘3.

Golfers Beaten

7-0 By Sieno

l‘f\t' men from State representing
an Independent golf club played its
first mulch of the season against
Szena College last Friday. The out-
come no.» a deeIsIvc 7-0 \'lclor;.' for
the more experienced men from
Sit-nu. A drizahng rain throughout
the conIest hampered the effective.-
ness ot the Independems. BIlf Pow-
ers shot Ier low total with a gOOt'
fa flab Hll‘llllllt‘l‘ shot an till. best
for the men from State and second
low In the eontcsl.

:\.ll.(‘. Is the next school on the
t‘lub's schedule liates which have
been set aside for the games are
May 11 and May 18. A return eon-
Iest \\lill the Stella club is also
planned. Members of the Club hope.
to schedule matches with RPI and
Union.

