 

 

 

“at 2 STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER ‘5' "’53 our: cause: news. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 18. loss Paar»...

 

 

 

 

 

Fulbright Advisor

 

 

 

_ ShawAnnounces 0'0"": 09mm

I o I .
It 3 Y0"? AWk - - - Mm“  emu-Siam 7% In 7/9 7044»: Tryout. Puma _
Now that the anticipation and confusion By 00555300” and WEBB K. Seeks Applicatlon R an G “d t d By JIOYrCtE giAl‘TANTf st m B t be_ MeXlCOn Granls For cht W¢ck 
of registration, schedule arrangements, mos" AND TRANSFERS a o u ex en s a lea y aw ngs o a ey aes are Applications are now being w 

tests and more tests are over (well, almost)
for you frosh, it is expedient and traditional
for this department to publish a few words
of experience to the Class of 1957. Upper-
classmen may well look over your shoulders
as you read them.

The whirl of receptions and social life
is just beginning. Some of you will find
it difficult to follow a balanced schedule of
time distribution. The primary purpose of
State College is an academic one, and af-
fairs academic should justifiably be held
in the foreground of your perspective of
college life. Your free time from now until
May will be at a premium. Classes and
homework will take about twelve hours out
of the twenty-four. Cut the remainder in
half again for sleeping time, and once more
for eating and travel time. This doesn’t
leave much for socializing, card playing or
Boul sessions.

For each show you will enjoy in Page
Hall, many hours have been spent in re-
hearsals and stagework. For each newspa-
per and magazine you read, many of you
will have put in long hours of creative
thinking and writing. Daily practice pre-
cedes a successful soccer or basketball sea-

 

 

 

Although '57 has already seen welcomes at Frost
Camp and from Junior Guides. we nevertheless win.
to say hello to all the new students, before the reccp
tions make it a dirty word. State is by tradition ,.
friendly school and the transition to a collegiate m
mosphere will not be as hard as it first seems. W.
hope that your years will be as memorable and ii
fruitful as we have found the past ones. So Guntm.
Tag, Bonjour. Ave. Buenos Dias, Buon giorno. Shalom
Aleichem, Kalosoristeh, and Prosltl

ATTENTION PLEASE

Before we make any new and startling comments-
we'd like to make it clear that the authors of the
column are given the widest latitude. Our viewpoints.
do not necessarily reflect the ,e of the STA’I‘l~,
COLLEGE NEWS. This year we are striving for It
column that you'll want to read. We can only listen
and watch to feel the thought of the school. It woulc
be more effective if you'd drop us a note Wl‘lenf‘Vl'l
you'd like some information or an opinion on any-
thing going on at State.

LE CO-OP MAGNIFIQUE

Our constantly expanding 00-01) has come up will!
a new gimmick for the sale of books. Now wc‘n
supposed to file from New Draper into Draper through
the corridor and pick up books along the way. Wi-
hope that this will alleviate some of the crushed up.
pendages and comments such as. "Why did I ever
learn to read?". that has typified book sales iii the
past . . . By the way. take notice of the new llUtl‘bUr r.
out which is discussed in another section of Llll‘;
issue. We're g'lad that some-one is thinking of 11-.
poor students there a tear is wiped from the eyci. A
helpful as this book is, we have another idea for [in

Applications are now being ac-
cepted for awards under the Ful-
bright Act and the Buenos Aires

Convention, announces Dr. Edward
P. Shaw, Professor of French and
Fulbright Adviser.

These awards are a part of the
educational exchange programs of
the Department of State. The ob-
jectives of these programs are to
promote better understanding of
the United States abroad, and to
increase mutual understanding be-
tween the people of the United
States and those of the many for-
eign countries participating in the
programs.

Only seniors aiid graduate stu-
dents ai'e eligible for candidacy.
They must be in good health and
have United States citizenship, and
have a knowledge of the language
of the country sufficient to carry
on their proposed study. For those
countries whose languages are not
widely taught in the United States,
allowance will be made for Ful-
bright applicants intending to ac—
quire language competence prior to
taking up awards.

Under the. Fulbright Program
awards are made entirely in the
currencies of participating countries
abroad. They cover traiisportatlon.
expenses of a language refresher
or orientation course abroad. tili-
tion. books. and comfortable main-
tenance for one academic year.

welcome to the Red Devils of ’57.
We hope that many of you will be
working with us this year.

The Guard Republican Band of
Paris. the most famous concert band
in the world, will make its first
appearance in the United States in
fifteen years at the R.P.I. Field
House in Troy on Tuesday. Sep-
tember 22. The band starts a tour
of 100 cities throughout the coun-
try with this concert. Francois
Julien-Brun will conduct the band
of 72 Frenchmen.

General admission is $1.25 and
reserved seats may be purchased
for $2.00. $2.50 and $3.00. The con-
cert will begin at 8:45 p. m.

The Albany Institute of His-
tory and Art is featuring two
artists' exhibits at the present time.

Student Council Lists
SC Committee Heads

The following are the Student
Council Committees for this year.
according to Neil Brown '54, Pres-
idcnt of Student Association.

Chairman of the Constitution
Committee is James Bennett '54.
Members are Frances Allen ‘54 aiid
Aim Hamilton '56. The Student
Facility Committee is headed by
Robert Betcha ‘56. with Madeleine
Payne ‘54 and Olga Kolnanowski 

ing, shown until September 28.

The Institute is offering adult
classes in drawing and painting
from October through June. Reg-
istration is now open for the
courses.

The Junior Chamber of Com-
merce is sponsoring a Sportsmen's
Show at the Washington Avenue
Armory on October 15, 16 and 17.

Gilbert and Sullivan‘s opera, “The
Mikado," will be presented by the
Albany Light Opera Company on
Friday and Saturday. September 25
and 26. The performance will be
at Philip Livingston Junior High
School and is for the benefit of a
building fund for the school. Tick-
ets may be purchased at the Van
Curler Music Company for $1.00
and $2.50.

An English movie, "I Believe in
You." starring Cecil Johnson and
Cecllle Parker. starts at the Dela-
ware Theatre today and runs until
next Thursday.

The animal South Mountain con-
cert series will be hcld Wednesday
through Sunday oi‘ next week at
South Mountain inear Pittsfieldl
Massachusetts. Mrs. Sprag‘ue Cool-
idge. who has devoted her life to
music. is the sponsor of this an-
nual event. This year's concert
series marks the 25th anniversary
of Mrs. Coolidge's work with this
group.

ceived by the Institute of Interna-
tional Education for awards under
the Mexican Government Scholar-
ship Program. announces Dr. Ed-
ward P. Shaw, professor of French
and Fulbright adviser.

Eleven scholarships are to be
granted at the graduate level. pay-
ing tuition and 800 pesos monthly.
Six undergraduate scholarships for
juniors and seniors pay 700 pesos
per month. Successful candidates
will need funds of their own for
travel. expenses not covered by sti-
pend, and living expenses until the
first stipend payment is made.

Eligibility requirements include
U. S. citizenship, working knowledge
of Spanish, respectable academic
record. good health and moral char-
acter. and a. broad knowledge of
the culutre of the United States.
Those who receive awards must be
prepared to begin their studies by
March 1. 1954.

Students interested in this pro-
gram are urged to consult with Dr.
Shaw. Draper 339. as soon as pos-
sible. since application forms must
be filed before October 15.

Editor Will Distribute
New Frosii Handbook

This year's Freshman Handbook
will be handed out to all Upper-
classmcn in the Student Union to-
morrow from 1 to 3 p. in., an-
nounces Joan Carlin ’55. Editor-in-
Chlef. Next week a special booth

Peterson Announces
Rehearsal Schedule

Charles F. Stokes, Professor of
Music. and Karl A. B. Peterson. In-
structor in Music. announce plans
for the Music Department for the
coming year. Annual tryouts for
Choralettes and the Collegiate Sing-
ers will be held next week in Rich-
ardson 28.

Highlighting this year's program
will be the Operetta Workshop which
has hopes of presenting Victor Her-
bert's “Fortune Teller". Rehearsals
will be held on Monday afternoon
at 2:30 in Richardson 28. This time
has been selected to prevent conflicts
with freshman orientation.

Men's and Women's Chorus will
be included in the program. Men‘s
Chorus will be held on Wednesday
evenings and the Women's Chorus
has been scheduled as a regular
class.

The orchestra under the direction
of Charles F. Stokes will resume its
weekly meetings. New instruments
are available to anyone wishing to
use them. Anyone interested should
contact Dr. Stokes.

For othre details concerning the
Music Department consult the Music
Bulletin Board in Richardson or see
Peterson or Dr. Stokes.

Juniors Make Plans
For Prom At Meeting

furthering of less work. With each Cossaboon-Wchh Grants under the Buenos A‘iI‘CS ‘ _ I Admission is free, but tickets will be 5'35 up at the 5011001 t0 (“5' . I
son. It Will require determination and a notebook. the student receives a plate which fits under CODYE‘MIOH “01' Lﬂtlll America] Muff/‘11“ JOlml)Oll 55' 1_5 Chan" must be obtained in advance from mbum lmnqu’OkS A we?“ meeting Of the Junk)!
his chin. As the hour creeps by and heads ilod. llii DYOVlde LYRDSDOI‘WHOIL LUHiOIl- man 01 m“ Assembly Seatmg “ml the South Mountain Series, Pitts- Miss Cal‘lm further states that Class Wlll be called this week at

clear perspective of the purposes of your
four years at State to hold tenaciously to
your primary goal. That goal, we hope, in-
cludes a successful academic life, balanced

 

 

 

 

flea/i 4404/; . .

 

 

plate would be depressed setting off a cransli‘arbii
lever reaction that culminates with a light tap on illi-
head with a rubber hammer. Ideas from our reader.
for more erudite suggestions for improving our lo:
would be appreciated. The best idea to hit our (lest:

maintenance. and sometimes incl—
dental expcnscs given by the host
government. The maintenance al-
lowcncc is not always sufficient to
cover all expenses.

Carol Conway and Roberta Stein,
Sophomores. are members. Madc-
lcliic Payne '54 has charge of the
Assembly Programs and Mary Inco-
vonc '55 is chairman of the Social

field. MaSsachusctts.

Outstanding string quartets will
perform the six concerts in the
series.

any Freshman who has not received
a handbook should call her at the
Chi Sigma Theta House and ar-
range to pick up a copy. Miss Car-
lin also wishes to thank Associate

school. Plans will be made for the
forthcoming Junior Prom, accord-
ing to Robert Coan, class President.

Members of the class will discuss
bringing a name band to State for

, _ , . ‘ . ~ . - ' . 1r; .» Calendar. Editors Kathleen Anderson ’54. the Prom. Actual time and )lace
by some aCtIVIty m the eXtra‘currlcular , :émicggsesflﬂatytgc1:53.:egfegugggtﬁfESSAVQés/LDE;“11:; Prospective applicants should ' . I , "M}'Si€illll’ SI’CUKIHEW Radio Mary Ann Johnpoll. Doris Mee- of the meeting will be posted on the
fields that interest you most. ‘ dre‘d on the Walgreen exchange. and publication “I consult Dr. Shaw. Draper 339, as Chairman oi the 'Rivalry Commit- Guilds weekly disc—jockey show. hm]. 130101.95 Monti“an Custer .55 bulletin board and around the

By JACK JACOBUb the idea for the edificution of all mankind. Th” 15 soon as poSSible and obtain appli- tee is John AllaSio 54. Working “'1” soon be heard again. Watch Quick‘ Evelyn Ruben, and Ann school. 0mm requests that an m-

Throughout the following week you will
encounter people and organizations who
are vieing for a piece of your valuable time.
The competition at first will confuse you
and tempt you to obligate yourself to more
than you can handle. Choose discreetly
from among those who approach you.

The choice is in your hands, ‘57. We wish
you the best of luck and welcome you sin-
cerely to our college and community.

it’s Your Money . . .

Congratulations to Mrs. Sloane and her
staff at the State College Co-op for their
brain-child book selling system. The sepa-
ration of textbooks from various and sun-
dry groceries and hardware has added
speed and efficiency to what used to be one
of the most dreaded bottlenecks in the busi-
ness of starting a new college year. The new
system was welcomed by all who struggled
through the tedious procedure of registra—
tion this past week.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 19l6

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

 

 

Dear Frosh:

You came to State for a reason.
Maybe it was new. or perhaps lil-
expensive. maybe it was because you
liked the place to begin with. I did.
I've been here four years and you
know. it grows on you. Perhaps I
can explain why.

To begin with. there are our gorge-
ous dorms. They furnish us with
combination studies. closets. and
meals. This is because almost every-
one a: State sleeps. studies lthls is a
joke for the benefit of" the admin-
istration). wears clothes and cats.
The food is fine. I didn't care if
the groceries hadn‘t arrived in time
for the first meal.

In regard to sleeping. let me say
there is a Wonderful service called
the Union Slumber Music which pro-
vidcs restful recordings such as
Dragnet. free of" charge to all iii—
habitants of the Quad.

Study speaks for itself.

Finally there are the closets. I
haven't found where to hang my
clothes. but I'm sure thc tiircc chairs
iliid the light in there will bc use-
ful sometime.

Before I leave the subject of dorms
I feel I must tell you to prepare
yourselves for our annual canoe trips
from Bru to Picrcc. the sciiil-annllnl
wntcr~~piliiipliig dciiiolistrntions tak-
ing place at the Union iiniiicdilltcly
following a heavy rain. and the sight
of sights. cvcryonc sitting around

C’ammmu’cata‘and

 

 

To The Editor:

with both feet on the floor while
they discuss good books.

On the campus itself" you will meet
such friendly people. People who
will burst through the peristyle doors
from the other side just as you get
your hand on the handle. Disregard
them. Finger splints and wrist casts
are good conversation pieces. The
janitors will speed you on your way
to class by waxing the floors. No
costs are required for the damage
this will do you. And aesthetically
speaking. our campus abounds in
lovely fragrances which waft their
way from both the cafeteria aiid the
chem labs. only to mingle in the first
floor of Husted. For this reason it
is there that we find the girl's re-
covery room. or as it is sometimes
known. the home for homeless fra-
ternity men.

Friday afternoon you will all go to
assembly. Don't believe anything
you hear from tho Sophs. I looked
around for a whole year and found
no ivory anywhere in the balcony, so
don't waste your time, looking. Just
bring the News. some peanuts. vote
“Yes”. illlCl consider nothing feasible.

Olir faculty will read to you. talk
to you. aiid always wish to hear from
you when you have nothing to say.
They will provide you with little
things to do in your spare time. In
winter they will cxtol the virtues of
fresh air as they throw opcii the
windows. The mid-year's rest you
will get whilc rccoopcriitiilg from
your cold will do wonders i'or you.

Fresh ilir rciiiiilds me that I must
tell you all iiboilt the climate.
Albany has altitude. longitude, lull-
tudc, illl(l ubsollitcly no temperature
in December and January. Wc

the first in a series of contests to be sponsored by
this column for the furtherman of" Truth. Beauty and
Goodness.

STUDENTS 0F I’IIILOLOG Y

The nomenclature of" that group of buildings acne--
the street from Brubachci‘ has changed oiicc again
From the rather mundane title of St. Mary‘s Park and
“the barracks" has evolved that new esthclic llllllll
of College Heights. The ivy has not yet spl'ollicd
forth. but we hope that by 1957. when the place will
no doubt be called The Memorial Quadrangle and
supplant a local colil‘cclloiinry as a popular llll‘i‘llllL‘
place.

SATURDAY NIGHT ANYONE?

Don't forget to turn out l'or the All-Collch l-tc»
ccption tomorrow night. The dress is informal, the
show good we heari. with refreshments and (llllll'llle:
after at the Student Union. The show is to consist
of the highlights of past years. The uppcrclassiilcn
will enjoy seeing them again and frosh. wait until you
see how it was in thc good old days!

HELLO AGAIN

Wc'rc glad to welcome back also Professor liolici':
Riciiow illl(l Miss Catherine Ncwbolil of lhc Social!
Studies Department after their lcavcs.

QI'ICS'I‘ION ()I" THE WEEK

Will Miss ’I‘llrilcr be able to get biick iiito llll' szlli‘
of tcachliig al'tci' Sili‘llfllllp, illl summer working wnh
statistics on cliiiiipiiiizccs‘.J We hcnl‘d that the apes ll'i
question surpassed quitc a few Math 25 students ill
differentiating between different kinds of banana--

 

College Calendar - - -

 

Flt] “A l'. SICI'TI'IM Ill‘Ilt ill

cation forlns which must be com-
pleted before October 31. 1953.

with him will be Robert Coaii '55
and William Small ‘56.

for oilr announcement of the first
program.

Tobey. Juniors. for their help in
compiling the Handbook.

terested members of the class at-
tend.

 

 
     
  
  

How the

 
  
  
 

stars got
started a . as:

   

 
 

 

IWED WOHA/G CAMELS
W/IEA/ / JO/A/ED 77/5 mil/K55:
BECAUSE 5'0 MAM’ 0F Ml’ 7.64MMATES‘
SMOKED 71/5/14. THAT was A SMART
Dias/0M CAMELs‘ ARE MILD

AND SWELL WING ./ 

Mickey Mantle says:
“My Dad played semi-pro ball

and wanted me to play ball, too.

He put a glove on my hand when
I was just a kid. I loved

baseball from the start — and I

worked hard at it to be good.

So far it looks like it paid off.”

 
 
 
     
   
    

  
 
  
 
   
   

Start
smoking
Camels

kilimqnbm- “L 1953 N(,_ 1 I have accepted the position of ‘
VOL' XXXVI” S l Aswan“. pmrvssm Ur pwchulugy m Southerners hich ll little trouble _ ‘ ' 
IVh-mlwrs, oi llil' ans min may il‘ l'i'ill'lll‘ll 'l‘ucxilily nml Cnrsoii~Nchiiuii C(illi‘k’i' lii Jams; with oilr snow shocs lor about. :i week 710“ lHH- (illllli‘l'lllll'l' Cllll) RN“‘l’“““- hl- Al““"“"‘ '
wieilumlur imm 7 lo ll pm m ' .ii, "I l Phone.» , -. n  . n . , - or so. bllt don't Worry about it now, ,
. iciiiml .iml (it'l‘lg, 5"“ (41W- I‘mmhhuw 1m” "WV" Wl“ 7:30 p.lii. HCA Church Receptions, Piigc

 

Moorc lil|(l Hillllfll. 13-33150, Asliilrlil. .
Z-iHll'J. .‘illrli‘h, E-llilllll

'l'lil- liliilirgriiilllnlc lii-Wspllpcr iii the Ni-\\ Y‘illi Hlillc
()(illl-gc for 'l'iiliclici's pllhllslll-il ('\‘I'l‘\' l“iiilliy ol llic (.‘ollcuc
year by llic NEWS Hoard for the Hindi-in Associnlloii

('o—lulllor-lll-(‘hlcf
('o~l'llllliii'-ln-(‘lill-I
"WINE ELDIU‘II) (‘o-Milliliglllg l‘llllllir
SALLY (ll‘lltlﬂ ‘ - - - - - - ~ ('o-hluuiluillu I‘lellor
JOYCE HIYIt’l‘lih' - - - a - - - ‘ l'uiillc Ill‘llllllnlh l-Ziillor
ltflltlilt’l‘ ASIIFIHI.“ - - » V A » » - « Sports Editor
RAYMOND WOLFE - - - ~ v Senior Sports Mrinlicr
MAIII‘II. SCHWI‘II’I‘ZICII ‘ Muslin-airAdvertising Milliuucr
WILLARD ltl‘ll'l‘z » ~ - - - - - Associoic I'llllior

EVELYN ItlYIIL'N
JUANer MOM”)

 

make the completion of my medical
and philosophic studies possiblc. bc-
l‘oi'c Mrs. Mcyci' illid i join Dr. Albcl'l
St‘lth‘llZl‘l' ils iiicdlciil assistants lii
liilllllJill'f‘lll‘, Africa.

I shall miss you and lhc wonder-
i'iil hours We sllni'l-(l ill. Stutc College.
Your youth. zciil. llll(l vitality lilch
kcpt oiic instructor from growing old.
For this i want to thank you.

May your dreams rcsult in altru-
istic (locds for mankind. and your

The city is inhabited by custci'ii
rcl'llgccs callcd Albuillillis. ’l‘licy arc
cxtrciiicly dangerous when ill'lll(‘(l
with automobiles. especially when
ciicolliilcrcd on Capitol hill. For-
tunately. Ari Kiipncr's office is in
the vicinity. When uiniriiicd. they
will (ulisc you little trouble. Just
spcuk softly illid carry ll big Siclili
pclillniit.

Woll i'i'osh. lhcsc lll'i' some of thc
tlililgs you hare in store if you lived

sA'l‘l'ltliAi‘. Slill"l‘lill\llilu‘lt it)
7:30 pm. All ()ollcgc llcccplloil. Page and “I'll
sl'NliM'. Sldl"l‘l‘ll\rllilillt 20

2:30 pm. SCA Picnic. 'l‘iiiilclicr Park

7:00 plil. Hlllcl ltcccpllon. Syiiligogllc

 

  

,Zbr M55955

Smoke only Ciiiiiels for
30 days and find out why
Camels are Aliiel'lca‘s

 

 
  

most popular cigarette.
See how mild and flavorful
ii cigarette can be!

.\li l'lillllllllllll'lllIiill‘i should lli' :iililrcnm-il to the l'illlill' illill "Xl‘mlflm'y “V95 lulu'h ll I’l'lll‘lmlltll'. llll'illlléll l'illilhtl'llllilll. lllltl l ll\’(‘(l
must he signed Mimi-n will he wnlihelil upon l'i'ltlllilli'iﬂl [Hulﬂl'ﬂlllﬁllc Sin-“my H“. vuim. “f H“ through H rm. 81x mm U ml” hm“:LL
'l'lli‘ “TAT” """"l‘3‘il‘3 \“W’l ""“””""‘ “" """|"‘“" ’ '1 idcuilstlc i'chi'ciicc for life You will 'l‘ll' llll(l ’il l ' ' i ' 
s - rusul ll lin l'IIllllilllri or roiiiliiuiiiclllions . . ' U " l1 l‘ 5" ll“) :‘WHU'. .3 .ii‘. ‘. .,
“l: dill‘llll||lll)l|ll'l':rll"llilllli lint iii-ei-mu-lli l‘cl'lci'l in rh-w , W11“ WWI" ll“ UPI/:0“ mid u bill. I hope that either in spite oi. mummy' M" “‘Mm'“ 'v' n
. lrlcndly Alli chdcrscllcii. I remain

 

W“

your ll'lciid and fellow stlldclit,
Dr. William G. Meyer.

or because of all the faults yoli find.

you will conic to like the place. Be-
lieve it or not, I do.

10:00 am. — 5:30 pm. Pod l’lclurcs, lil‘u

3:30 pm. ii‘rcslliiiiin ()riciitullon. Page

THAN ANY OTHER CIGARETTE l

 

