 

 

 

 

 

fat!!!

SCA And Hillel

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FR'DAY‘ DECEMBER 4. 1933

Civil Service WiII

 

44134119 4001410104

 

Will Hold Party _Oerr Positions on Nome, 2,, D, M a

Student Christian Association arid

Hillel will conduct a combined party
and dance in observance of Chanu-
high; and Christmas this Sunday, at

6:30 pm, in the vestry'room of the
Ohav Shalom synagogue, 441 Wash-
ington Avenue. Admission to this
event is free, and all students are
invited to attend, states Marvin
Axelrod ’56, and Luella Ptacek '55,
respectiVe Presidents of Hillel and
S

Two short presentations explain-
ing the meaning and the signifi-
cance of these two festive days will
be given by the two groups.

The chairmen of the various com-
mittees for the two organizations
include: SCA: Publicity, Jane San-
ter ’55, and Livingston Smith ‘56;
Program, Shirley MacPherson ’56
and Patricia Hall ’57; General
Chairman, Luella Ptacek '55; for
Hillel: Publicity, Harvey Brody ’56,
and Frances Shair '55; Program,
Herbert Safran ’55, Allen Weiner
’56, and Eli Bogan ’57.

  

  
 

(an unlit I953’lvbiu” K Mun l in. 1.. ( -

 

,"I‘he placement ofﬁce now has de-
tails on 500 permanent job open-
ings with annual salaries totaling
well over one and one-half million
dollars, for which applications must
be in by December 11. The jobs are
in 15 occupational fields in New
York State government service, with
agencies at various locations
throughout the State.

College seniors, graduates, and
experienced accountants or employ-
ment interviewers can qualify for
these jobs through the State Civil
Service Department's seventh an-
nual college series of examinations,
which are open for ﬁling of appli-
cations until the December 11 dead-
line.

Those who do not have the spe-
cialized courses required for most of
the jobs may compete for adminis-
tration or some library jobs, or for
a place on a general list. Details
concerning the examinations may
be obtained from the placement
ofﬁce.

Pettit, Assistant Professor of Eng-
lish, attended a meeting of the
Executive Council of the New York
State Speech Association in Roch-

ester. Plans were formulated for
the annual meeting of the organ-
ization, which will be held in Al-
bany March 26 and 27. Dr. Pettit
is to be chairman of this annual
convention. About two hundred per-
sons are expected to attend.

Dr. Edward P. Shaw, Professor of
French, is the author of a book just
published by Bookman Associates in
New York, entitled “The Case of
the Abbe de Moncrif: An Episode
In French Society of the Eighteenth
Century." The book is based en-
tirely on hitherto unpublished man-
uscripts located in the Biblotheque
de l’Arsenal in Paris.

Articles by two students in the
biology department have appeared
in recent scientific journals. “Notes
on the Siphonaptera (Fleas) of Ful-
ton County, New York,” by Robert
Sturm ’54, was published in the

cone AMERICA GOES
CHESTERFIELD

FOR me tin” srruuern‘ YEAR ,.
CHESTERFIELD

IS THE LARGEST SELLING CIGARETTE
IN AMERICA’S COLLEGES . . .

by a 1953 survey audit of actual sales in
more than 800 college co-ops and campus
stores from coast to coast. Yes, for the
ﬁfth straight year Chesterfield is the
college favorite.

CHESTERFIELD IS THE ONLY
CIGARETTE EVER TO GIVE YOU PROOF
OF HIGHEST QUALITY-531V NICOTINE

Change to Chesterfield today — get
smoking pleasure all the way!

 
 

September issue of the Journal of
the New York State Entomological
Society. “The Grackles of Wash-
ington Park," a behavior study of
these colonial birds by Noel Aivaz
'55, appeared in the October issue
of "Feathers," the journal of the
Schenectady Bird Club.

Professor Reno S. Knouse, of the
Merchandising Department, attend-
ed the 47th Annual Convention of
the American Vocational Associa-
tion held at the Conrad Hilton
Hotel in Chicago last week. He
attended meetings of the Distribu-
tive Education Clubs of America,
the National Association of State
Supervisors of Distributive Educa-
tion, and a group discussion for
officers of state vocational associa-
tions. On Thanksgiving Day, Pro-
fessor Knouse participated in the
program on “Evaluating Distribu-
tive Education Programs for Con-
tinual Improvement." The title of
his address was: “Desirable Teach-
er Training Practices in Distributive
Education."

 
 
    
  
 
   
 
    
  
 
    
 
 

"At the colleges and wherever
we play, I find more and mare
young men and women going

for Chesterfield."

 

 
   
 

CASDA Issues
New Magazine

CASDAIDS, the organizational
magazine of CASDA, is now avail-

able. It contains thirty-two pages of
information on happenings and pro-
gress in neighboring schools as well
as articles designed to help the
teacher in classroom situations, an-
nounces Donald Donley, Executive
Secretary of CASDA and Assistant
Professor of Education.

“The New School Board Member,”
the second publication available
now, was written and compiled by
Dr .Daniel E. Griffiths, Director of
the Administrative Seminar Pro-
ject. This guide is for all school
board members and is divided into
four parts dealing with function,
orientation, ,materials and the job.

In the past, CASDA and the Ad-
ministrativo Seminar Project have
published many booklets and pam-
phlets dealing with problems of be-
ginning teachers, teacher selection,
salary surveys, reading aids, school
building needs, workable group dy-
namics and articles relating to sub-
ject ﬁeld areas, all of which are
available at a slight fee in Room 1.

 

 

 

Map“...—g7.va..w=:,.,,,.c,s...,‘. w“, . ....,,

 72mm» u» a

,...c -Vz._ , ._v

 

 

State College

 

  
    

 
  

 

2-458

ALBANY.

NEW YORK. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 11. 1953 VOL. XXXVIII NO. ll

 

s}: OLIVER TO PLAY AT WINTERLUDE

 

Christmas Sing
To Take Place

Sunday Evening
Sixteen Choral Groups

Will Compete For Cup

In Page Hall Contest

Student Christian Association is
once again sponsoring the annual

Christmas Sing, Sunday. December
13, at 7 pm. in Page Auditorium,
according to Jane Santer '55, Pub-
licity Chairman. This year there are
sixteen choral groups from frater-
niilcs, sororities. and group houses
entered in the Sing. which is lhc.
reuson for the unusually early start-
ing time. A cup will be awarded
to the winner; as Phi Delta has
won the cup for the last two ycurs.
they have only to win it once more
to keep in permanently.

The judges for this. cvcni. urc:
Mrs. George Wood, Mrs. Lcorn
Shaw. and Robert thclcr, ull rcsi-
dents of Albany. These judch will
review the groups impartially, and
choose the best groups on lhc basis
of excellence of l)l‘(".\‘(‘lllilll(lll and
originality.

Thc sixteen participating groups
are: Potter Club, Sigma Lambda.
Sigma, Alpha Pi Alpha, Counmntcrs
Club, College Heights. ’l‘hurlow Hull.
Pierce and Brubuchcr I-iulls, Suylcs
Hull. Alpha Epsilon Phi, Beta thu,
Chi Sigma Thctu, Gummu Kappa
Phi, Kuppu Delta, Phi Dcliu und
Psi Gumma.

Commiitccs for thc sing, providcd
by SCA, urc: Gcncrul Chuirmun,
Luella Pturck '55: Scis, Thomus
Dixon ‘55 and Gcorgc Huihuwuy '54;
Judges. Georgc Dunbur '55 and
Elaine Swuriout ‘56; Publicity. Junc
Sunter ‘55 and Livingston Smith
'56; Programs, Virginia Hill'ikcr '56;
Ushcrs, Eliu Curtis ‘55.

A unique prcscniuiion will bc lhc
singing of un original song by Psi
Gilllllllll sorority.

Sinci- lhc inception of lhc Chrisl~
mus Sing thrcc ycurs ugo, it has
ul rucch more uml morc (‘llll‘li‘:;
This your's ioiul of choral group:.
nunibcrs six unorc ihun lust ycur's
ioiul of lcn groups.

curtain will risc on
Womcn." prcscnicd by tho litlcmcn—

Student Council
Hears Financial
Moiions,Reporis

At the Wednesday evening meet-
ing of Student Council. the fresh-
man represtatives received their
Student Council keys. a motion was
made to accept Student Union Board
Facilities budget, Primer requested
additional funds amounting to $250.,
comments were presented on the
recently issued Directory, a motion
to give State Fair Fund an addi-
tional $35., and reports were voiced
from various committees, new busi-
ness was discussed, and the Assem-
bly agenda was set for Friday.

Robert Betschu ‘56 anode to ac-
cupl. a SUB Facilities budget, the
discussion of which was unchorcd
by JoAnnc Doyle '54.

The general consensus of opinion
on the Directory was complimentary
in nature. The phone number ur-
rangeinent was noted as being fur
more efficient. It was agreed that
more funds should bc umiropriuicd
for the Directory ncxi. your.
complimentsry letter is to be sent
from Student Council to Ruth
Rooncy '54, Editor of thc publica-
lion.

Ronald Kosicr '55. Chairman of
Stuic Fuir. rcqncsicd that. $35. be
taken from surplus, and John Al-
lusio "'14 so moved.

Sug‘gcsiions wcrc taken on com-
miticcs on which studcnis and luc-
nliv might scrvc, in lhc inicrcsis of
grcutcr studcni—fuculiy co-opcruiion
in various collcgc activities and
functions.

Clyde Puync, frcshmun class prcs-
idcnt, rcportcd that. u proposcd iro—
phy cusc might. bc placed in the
Game Room of lhc Sludcni Union.

It was unnounccd that thc ch—
rcscniuiivc Govcrnmcnl Commiiicc
hud split into two sub-commitlccs
onc to discuss rcvision. und lhc
olhcr to work on u complcicly ncw
govcrnmcm. ulong rcprcscniuliw
lincs.

Robcri Bcischu. Sophomorc rcp—
rcscntutivc. movcd ihui. vicc-prcsi—
(Continued on Page i, Column 3/

>

Elementary Dramatics Group Stages .5... president.
Trojan Women Tonight In Page Hall hold 

'l‘onighl ul 8:30 in Pugc Hull lhc
"’I‘hc ’l'i'ojun

IF, IS Councils "
Bring Nome Bend
To Annual Dance

Inter-Fraternity a n d I n t e r-
Sorority Councils will jointly spon-
sor the annual Winteriude in the
Hotel Ten Eyck Ball Room tomorrow
night from 10 pm. to 2 am. By
Oliver and his Band will provide
the music for the “Snowman” Ball,
states Robert Sage '55 and Joan
Bolz ’54, presidents of IFC and 150,
respectively.

Bids will be on sale tonight at
four dollars per couple. They will
be on sale at the door of the dance
until midnight. Women will be
given three o’clock hours for the
dance.

The previously announced Snow
Contest will be cancelled because of
the lack of snow. Reactions to the
idea have been employed in this
year's ball.

Chaperones for the evening will

Group Presents Greeks Plan Parties,-
be: Wil am . m eon nsr -
German  Initiate New Members laOI'Il'lIIIllgllSI‘l;%lCn:ldtDCn£31y?i1:-
"Inferno"

structor in Education, and Mrs.
is the theme of this Donley; Clifton C. Thorne, In-
‘Somcwhcrc in Berlin." a German CVL‘mnB'S annual I‘ll-5h lml'ty L0 be gructor é“ C(glrgeﬁff’ and Mrs'
H I.  ‘ I V. ‘ , iorne; van . 0 as, President
him with English subtitles. will be 11le llV APA- Tile “mm Wm be of the College, and Mrs. Gowns;
Film hcld from 8 to 12 in the Brubucher David Hartley. Dean of Men, and
Gcnernl chairman is Mrs. Hartley; Oscar E. Lanford,
_..1“ g. ,[ $3; on 1 . _. V . Robcri. Burns ‘56; refreshments, Pea“ 0f the Conegev and Ml's- Lan'
“‘ “ ‘ ﬁ’ “1 3‘ “’m “1 ll“ . . . ,_ I , lord; and Ellen C. Stokes. Dean of
door. All biutc students are lll- WWW“ Shekel 53' and Blame" Women Chuirme f th Cl
ml ‘ . . . , . Griffin ‘06; decorations. Joseph Mc- ' n 0 6 up'
I (d, Hunnu Wilicii 50. H .,. .. .. .. . erones Committee are Sylvia Korab
3‘ s ‘ D()\\(ll 5a. The Hungry Five Will .55 d J i ,
11"“‘d‘"“ “l “‘0 Gl'mll’» fcuturc music. This is the same ' an “mes anen 54-
sroup which performed utthe Inter- Decorations Will be Supel‘Vlsed by
I Fruicrnity smoker. Dance music will MHbEI SChWGltZG!‘ ’54. Chairman.
to be presented by this ncwly- j,,.,,,,—,v1dud by Frank Mayer's 01-- Kenneth Schoonmaker '54, Olga
foimcd oi'gillllZilllon. 'l‘hc Gcrmun chcsiru. Komanowsm and wulmm Limage'
‘, H v ‘ V , __  . Juniors. Arrangements will be made
Film (noup uoiks in (o opuanon Bum Jet“ has remnuy “minted by Jane Freaney_ Peter McManus,
“1111 NH" (Hillillllll Pl‘lllll'l'ml‘lll “I‘d .Inync Pcnuy '55. Seniors, and Joan Carlin '55.
lhc Alldlo-Vlsllul Aid Oilicc. Frances A11en and Henry Berleth,
Scnloi's, will be in charge of the
Tickets. The Band Committee will
include: Angela Kavanagh '55, Carol

 

JOAN BOLZ

ROBERT SAGE

 

sponsorcd by lhc Gcrmun
Group ’l‘ucsduy at 8:30 pm. Tickets, ('“m‘g mom

sinics

'l‘his fihn is the firsi in u scrics

AEPhi will hold a Christmas Par-
A short fcuiurc film will be prc- ty "l‘hursday. General chairman is
M‘IlH‘il wuh lhc muin film. “Somc- fllgms agQZi‘1}Skl’l '55 mgd Ignlllcl’
,   .._  . ‘ . “C or '. ism cmrre o re l‘CS‘l-
“bin in Iiilllll ~ (onu ms [in posi- mm” T011100 K655]; .55 was top Schreiner and Richard Bailey. Sen-
wur conditions lll that city. it is mum- msmned. lOl‘S. Programs will be arranged by:
husicully n documcniury film with , . , Ronald Koster 55' Mary Ann FmS'
‘lll iiucrcsiin' iloi uccordin» to 8mm“). cm Sign” Them mm- cutore and Faith Hanson' semors'
Mm WWI-ﬂ t l - ‘ t ' uicd Esther Goldstcin. Theresa Car- Delores Montaibzmo ’55. and Eugene
, "  ' dumonc, Olinu Fusco, Catherine WCDD '54. Will be 111 Charge or Pub-
McCunn and Linda Sokoloskl. Sopll- llcity. The booth was supervised by
omorcs. according to June Freaney DClUl'i-‘S Mill‘ltlllo '55. and Al‘n01d
Smith ‘54. Ticket Selling is under
_ the supervision of Phyllis KraKow-
Monduy lll- 8230 PSI Clilllllllll Will or and Robert, Sturm. SeniorsI “(3.
Christmas party in honor cording' to Suge and Miss Bolz.
A bullet. suppcr will

of lhc faculty.

victor)" for no victors; rulhcr whui. hr ln-ld at the house tonight before

rcul victory lhcrc is hclongs lo lhc m“ lwmmnmme or Tm'inn women'  

\‘llllqlllxlli'il

Kuihcrinc Rcstcin ‘55 was elected
chuirmun of Psi Gum's State Fair

 

 

 

fury Drumuiics (‘luss nnd dirccicd
by Dr. Pun] ll. l‘cllii. Assistant Pro-
i'cssor of English. 'l‘his drumu. :l
(lrcck lrugcdy by I‘illl‘lllldi‘o, 1s iukcn
from lhc lcgcnd of lhc full of ’l‘i'oy,
sonic ihousund ycurs .ozo,
Agumcnmon and Mcncluns, who
lcd lhc (lrccks uguinsi 'l'ro_\‘_ os—
li‘lhllzly io rccovcr llclcn. huvc lic—
sli'gcd llll‘ clly for lcn yours, 'l‘hcy
nrc rcudy io suil back to (lrcccc us
Requests MaHUScripts victors. Bui lhc chorus is not if
joyous ollc. I'dlllt‘l' ii is n chorus of
Thc l'iuhl song conuniiicc is look- “""”““ “I’m” 1“ H“ l" “1““"'-‘
in“ 1-,”. MMS 1-,”. n m.“ Hum Mm” l’oscldon. god of lhc scu, :iiui
,mnounwh Mumm.“ MM”. ~5_L Hm“ Allu'lin, lhc goddcsso‘. lhc cll). lhllll
mm”. (.h,,“.,n“”‘ wurn llun this 1.\ only u M'cninu:

'l‘hc connnllicc will ucccii clilicr I "I L'

words or music or bolh. 'I‘licy wunl can: Ogue WI ISL
somcihlng which Is poppy, unlinuicd - '
and which conforms o my cghi— New Religion Course
llnc lhnii sci up by lhc conwmlicc.
1‘)“. (.Hmnmlm. “v,” “rum.” my Hm. ilcun Uscur 1'2 l.uniord unnounccs
:csiion of i-llndcni Council bccuusc “H” H 'll‘\\‘ (“'lll'v‘l' “5 l" “I‘ “lli‘l'l‘”
of thc fucl lhui lhc prcscnl lluhl “"Xl “WW-“NU I‘lllllw’l’lll' “l- “1"
mm; mm WNW“ ,“mqmmid “m1 Lt l.l\‘ill\,: lil'llglollh. und Is llsictl lll lhc
\‘cry dll'l'iculi lo sing ucu cululoum'.

'i‘hc coursc \\lll consist of u wur~
should IH‘ KIWI! llI \u-y ol lhc sulicni prucliccs 1n bchcls
Mudclyn Mclcl' M. and Mr \‘cl'y lIi lhc lnllllcliilnl. living I‘t'lliilnlls.
wclconic ()lhcr nicnilicl's oi lhc Iogclhcr \\'llll u crillcul sludy oi
conuniiicc urc: Mury Junc I’lhlll‘l‘. sclcclcd |)il:mui:i'.\ from lhc rc.»pcc-
Linda Nlll‘h. Sophomorcs; Hicvc iivc m'i'iliiurps.

Hcrniuk '55, I‘illgciu' li‘inncrnun Hludcnis micrcslcd lll lukuu: lhis
i.cnorc llughcs. nlul Morlon llcss, conrsc,should consull ihcculJlogui-s
lrcshmcn. upon rcglslcring ior ncxi scincsicr

'l‘hc sci. which will bc conslrucicd
on the Pugc auditorium slugc will
consist of un cnlurgcd church win—
dow sccnc. Miss Sunicr urgcs ull
siudcnis to uiicnd this holiday
cvcni.

Fight Song Committee

Manuscripts

  

'l'lH‘ HM I=~ t'lHIllmSl‘d oi lhc ED offcriug. according lo Judith Vim- O B t
(‘luss and |.\ as follows: l-iccubu, mcrsicud '56.  

Murilyn llinnrdo ‘55; Poscidon. Wil—
lluin \Vlli‘ox. Pnllus Aihcnu, .louu
(nnshurgh, 'l‘ulihybius, 'l‘homus
Hmilh; .‘\ll(ll';ll.llill‘ll(‘, Elcunor Gold—
mun; (‘nsmndrah lundu Nilcs; llcl—
cn, Sondru Hchcclcr; Mcncluus. RUSH The chm; 01‘

Huck. Hophoiuorcs; and Aslyunux. Art Stud¢ngs 

John lin-h. Mill of Dr. ’l‘ownscnd
Rich. l‘i'o1c:.soi- of I‘Illilllh'll. Soldlci‘b' H  O E Il.b'
wuh ‘l‘ulihyhius urc l)olull(l Mur- O vcr x I It
dock and Harry l)cllui’ioru; Soldicrs
\\llll Mcncluus nl'c Alun Wcincr und
(‘onrud licuzm. Sophomorcs. 'l‘hc
Iolloumg lill'lrx ('illlllll‘lM‘ lhc chorus
ch by Lou Korcylniwski: Auncllsc
lI:l|‘lllil;,(‘l, .ll'uii Shaw, M u'ilyn lair-
icr. h'lillli‘ lh'\’llic. (‘luudciic lin—
dolph, (‘nl'ol llughcs, Lillian (ircu—
ory, Midgc I"l.\ll(‘l'. Muln'u Ncwniun,
JPN“ “KW-“lil- Mlll'l'llllll l‘i'l‘klllllll- Comnuucrs, Madeline Bruchurd and
h"'l‘l‘"”“"'“*- “ml Jlldl' V”“ "M" 'l'hc orilsiic showing icuiurcs col- Muriuu Wcincr; 'I‘hurlow, Betty
“1‘” “Wm "'-‘\l“l‘“”- illlllllll‘é» Till" or rcpl‘odlu'ilons of pictures sillluhlc King; College l-lousc, Barbara Fox;
“‘N‘ H-‘l'l‘i‘l' 3‘“ I’m-"5 ” “W‘le loi' loungcs, clubhouscs. and cluss- Vun Dcrzcc, John Guuquic; Hilltop.
Th“ ’\>“l““"" l” m“ I)“'“‘""" “W room.» lsiuch piclurc is uccompu- Alun l-lutchlnson; South, Doris Ster-
‘lli‘ l""""“'i""‘ (“"mll'll‘lW I“ “"1” mcd by information on pricc, simc, zlnur; Newman, Martin Lawrence.
“W” M-“HW 3’“ I‘ll“ “'“lmll‘i‘l‘ :nul nillll'i‘i‘ from which n copy may
chuirnu-n ll.l\'i‘ bccn (‘llum'll us such: M. “Mummy
I.l;',llllllg .ind Millllll, William Wil-
cox; Hcllili:_ Iiollulll I‘cily uud l"culurcd ulnollg lhc picturcs on lhc Sky Room at Herbert‘s, accord-
Murilyn l-‘nlcr. coocliuli‘nicli. (Yos~ c\lnbuion urc color rcproducilons ing to William Small President.
luuics. :\lilicll('sc llurlnugcl. l‘l‘op~ oi lllc Will‘kn of thc Aincricun ur- General Chairman for this function
crlics. (‘Iauilt llc Rudolph. Mukv—up, list, (icoi'giu ()‘licci’c. Miss Hutch- is Murjoric Kcllclicr. The class has
.luduh I.lll('.‘w. llusuicss und l’uh- ins urgcs ull siudcnls lo iukc ud- also discussed the possibility of
hcuy, l\lid.:c I“l.\lll‘l'. Hopholnol'cs. \‘ulilugc oi lhc showing adopting a class orphan.

Phi Delta has pledged Loulsc Uvu. AL We” “Nb meeting: the “351"
Yolundo Alficro, Sophomorcs, and "W" mm‘Od 1‘“ Acm’mcs cummll'
lncy. Mallory '54, according to Faith “'0- The sophomore-“I men“While-
”,mmn v54. president. huvc schedulcd their banquet.

‘57 has tentatively
voted to make. the quorum at all
cluss meetings 65 members, reports
Clyde Payne, President. They have
also formed an Activities Committee
composcd of representatives from
cuch group house. whose purpose
is to get. ideas from the freshmen
in the residence halls concerning
cluss activities as u \vholc. Repre-
scniuilvcs on the committee are:
lirubuchcr. Mary Formun and Bar-
buru Wclnsiock; Pierce, Anna Kun-
druils; Suylcs, Matthew Ostoyich;

'l‘hc prcscni Ari. lilxhlhli, which
\\':l.\ M'lll‘illlll‘d lo cnd this \\'l‘(‘li. will
hc hcld ovcr until 'l‘ucsduy at 11
um.. announces Ruth 1‘). lluichins,
Assistant Professor of Ari. 'l‘lic cx-
hihil. which is sponsorcd and ur—
rungcd by the siudcnis in Ari. (i.
cun bc sccn in lhc hull of second
floor Drupcr.

’l‘hc Sophomores will hold their
lmnquci Saturday. January 16, in

 

 

