 

PAOI I

Campus Chest . . .

Today in assembly, the annual drive to raise money
for Campus Chest Will commence. This year’s quota,
set at $1500, is the same as last year’s. Last year,
however, the quota was not attained. There are
several factors that could possibly have caused this
failure. Perhaps the student body could not afford
to donate its quota; perhaps the solicitors were in-
efficient; perhaps the students do not feel that
Campus Chest intrinsically warrants complete sup-
port.

The first two hypotheses are a bit far-fetched.
The only valid reason for ignoring this plea for your
financial support is that you did not deem it a truly
worthwhile cause. In that case, we would not expect
you to contribute even $1.50 from your already well-
tapped resources. Campus Chest Drive is the only
instance during the school year when we are aSked
to part With our funds without any direct material
return. We venture to assume that it is the only
opportunity we have to support the Community Chest.

Only ten percent of the funds collected, however,
is donated to the Community Chest. The other ninety
percent is donated to educational charities. Mem-
bers of a codege community should be willing to
assume the adult responsibility of supporting the
organizations that derive benefit from Community
Chest. Members of a college community dedicated
to the interests of education should be eager to sup-
port organizations such as WSSF and the Scholar-
ship Fund ior Negro Students.

Campus Chest itself is not an organization. It is
the nationWide name for college charity drives.
"Hands Across the Sea," the Sicgan for this years
drive, pertains to the portion of our money that Will
go toward SUppUi‘L Athens Conege, urcece, through
WSSF.

When the representative of Campus Chest ap—
proaches you in your dorm OI‘Illi Lower nuSted,
donate according to your sincere agreement With
the purposes of the campaign. if you liiid no valid
reason for the support or universal education, by all
means keep your money ior a more acceptable
cause. We hope you Will find room in your lieaits
and in your pocketbooks for booking Campus Chest.

Confusion . . .

Most of us seem to be a bit confused about the
plans for the approachmg homecoming Weekend.
As of Wednesday eVeniiig, the plans are as stated else-
where in this issue. 01 course we have no guarantee
that these will be the final plans in this primary
Step to welcome alumni back to State._ Perhaps the
cause of this confusion is simply the fact that this
is an experiment, hoped by the committee and by
Student Councn to initiate another tiadition on our
campus. With no recoiiiiilciiuatioiis or post experi-
ences to gUlue them, the coliiiliittce has been doillg
a. commendably efllcient JUL). Stuacnt AbSUCliltlUll
has been more than cooperative With its boosting.

But perhaps a more rectifiable cause for the con-
fusions has been the conflict in high places as to
wnere the final authority for Clcclblvc plans should
be placed. The student committee is workmg ill con-
Junctioii with a faculty collimittee toward the success
of this event. it was mentioned at Wednesdays SC
meeting that the same options-tic ouLlCUK concerning
the weekend that is the general spirit ol SA is ilot
prevalent in Coulicil. We venture to suggest this is
because the only students, aside lronl the committee,
who understand the situation iully and hch Scull the
fluctuation of plans are the Couilcil members. We
have done our best in this issue to cniriiy the purposes
and events of the weekend. We suggest that the
committee follow suit and explain the complctc pic-
ture at class meetings.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

VOL. XXXVIII Octobcl‘ 16. 1053 No. 5

Members of the NEWS staff only be rcuchcd Tuesday and
Wednesday from '1 to 11 pm. at :i-Jillilli, Ext. 11 Phone.»
Moore and Ruben, 2-3320; Ashiicld, :i-ziziiio, Eidl‘cd and (long,
2-0012; Surica. 21-3326.

The undergraduate newspaper ol‘ the New York Silill.‘
College for Teachers; published cvcry l"riiluy of lilo Collcgc
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

. BEN - - - - - - - - (.‘o-l-Ililior-iii-Clilol‘
 0:30.”: - - - v - ~ - - - Cu-liditur-lll-(Tiliul
IRENE ELDIHED - (Jo-Muiiuging ltdlior
SALLY GEBIG - < - - - - - -
JOYCE SUICTI‘JS - - - - — - -

- - (:o-Mouiiging Iilllior
I'illilio Ilrlnilonl I'Idiior

ALICE MAHIIOIAN - - — - - - - - Circulation l‘llliiur
ROBERT ASIIFII‘ZLD - - - r - - - - ~ -I hporiu ltdlior
RAYMOND WOLFE - - - - - Senior Sports Mrnihcr

- liusliii-ss-Adveriislnu Nahum-r

‘. " I-il "Milt - -
MM,“ M’HW . . . . - Astociuleiidlior

'l
WILLARD Ill-JITZ

 

All commmllcuilons should he uddrcsaod lo the editor and
mun be signed, Nlilllim will he wllhhcld upon request.
The S'i‘A'i‘lt‘ i‘iliilildilit} NEWS usunnicu no i‘I'dliiillﬂlllllll)'
for opinions cx ii'csscli ill 11» columns or i'oliiinunil'ullonk
us such expresslous do nni liccemiuriiy rci‘iccl in: view.

'0”

 

 

 

ITATI COLLIOI NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 16. 1953

 

1

News
Local

 

 

 

 

 

 

K—\J__\

:5 helners

 

 

 

 

“We just want the facts, the bare facts . . ."

 

space

By DI WHEELER

There is a type of creeping paral- to "live." It is easy to be listless,
ysis to be found at college which is and the mind that lives suffers. It
a reflection of its larger counter- must suffer seeing what is wrong
part in our society—Apathy. and how much must be done in a

On the larger scale, that of so~ lifetime. It must suffer to have a
ciety, there are many reasons for glimpse of beauty and maintain it;
it: full stomachs, pi'olpii'i.y, and for even beauty is an ideal, and
the old, well-known fact that "ig- must be fought for, to be kept.
lloralice is bliss." People say “At State there is no

On the small scale, the college 011er “AS State everyone is dull}!
scene, these reasons do ilot hold 1 say that this 15 not, mic-I There
true: although are stomachs are are intcllccts, deep and worth shar-
lllll. it 15 Oh this lJUhlt. ilhd this ing, at State. There are emotions,
point only, that the reasons con- but they are suppressed. We are
verse We '41'9 110‘? llill‘LlCUhll‘ly ashamed of enthusiasm, embar-
131'0-‘1'llc‘1'0US. 1101‘ “1'0 We lshul'illlL~ russcd by fervor, dumbfounded by
Wny Lhen. (1005 this illhlihy CXISE? sincere interest in learning. Ill

it Seems that 111 n 0011080 ilL- short, we have becomcmcntuily und
mospilcrc, where minds should grow cmouohuhy anemia We mmch
and reveal themselves, WilCl‘C ldcus ourselves by laughing.
can be free, and change ill the
light of new kllochdgc, Where any-
thing can happen—it should. Why
doesn't it? Why do groups sit to-
gctinr, circulate, carry books, and
unit about nothing? Where is the
file of the mind that makes it take bemoan we“ omen and mch
action “I the pursmt of all ideal? friends in II walI dymumc SUHSCI

I “my ” 15 Him" we are “mm! We illust l'i'cc our energies, our
interests, our sensitivities and live
with enthusiasm.

Let me Just quote a few lines from
"Conclusion," an essay by Walter
Pater.

“The service of philosophy, of
spcculiiiivc culiurc, towurds the hu-
lnuii spirit is to rouse, to stui‘tlc it
into sharp and eager observation.
.. .. .. to buril always with this hard,
gclnllkc Home, to inuilitiiin this
ccotusy, is sncccss in life .. .. .. while
all lnclts under our feet, \vc iliuy
wcll CillA‘ll at any stirring of the

Sill'hl'lmﬁ “1‘0 11 “1C0 “mil; “’1' scnscs,stl'ullgcdycs, sti‘uligc colours,
1111‘ “105’”. UUL UVL‘H 1110*: Lhihla’S and curious odors, or tile work of
can develop it dlsiili'bing odor. The the umgp's minds, or Liu- face of
order-inciting ineldcnt tliut I uln (mug, h-himlg II I_ II NM, h, (hwmh-
l'ifl'til'l'lhi.‘ L0 15 the unmitigated 15H” lnuil- every moment. sonic passion-
illut illU inclnbcls of the minicicss “to attitude in those around us,
sorority bud when Hwy not up i ulid in nu.- brilluncy of their gills,
“block list" und told iniprcssionublc Mme u-ugic dividing of forccs on
"frosn" whom und whom not to [hph- Wthh-I {SI on th,» Ighm-L any”
ilh’niliillllu willi. Cull you soc why in sleep before cvcning."
I dclwu'd llh UdUl'? Lli'c ls oil too short. not to gct

ltlxunllni- your collectivo cilu- the higllcst quuliiy out of cucli lilo-
sclcliccs, girls. ls ilils ilic result hh'“L “5 Hr lhlh‘SC-‘i
of it “iibci‘ul education“? To cl'lLl- ' ‘
clzc und ostl'ucizc people whom you
do not know or undcrstund? To be
lllll'l'UW nilndcd ulid to lull into the
li'ilclli‘i‘ sicl‘l-olypc so soon? Exmn-
inc llicni, girls, cxuniinc till-nil

All llnlnlprcsscd Sliiicslliun.

 

 

 

I say, let us laugh, ilot the nor-
vous twitter of those afraid to laugh,
but the laugh of genuine, real
humor. Let us cry, whcil we must
cry, because we are feeling life. Let
us knock down the buri'icrs we build

 

6W4

 

To the Editor:

This is not written to criticize
people in gulli'l‘lll but rutllcr people
in particular. The people in par-
ticulur are some incinbci's of one
of our bcttcr known sororities who
shall and should be illinlclcss).

P

izullon Wi'i‘i' so lux UlliL not olic
liwul'd ior lntrulnurul iiillli‘llCH was
given. This is not entirely li'uc. As
inunugcr of the intrulnui'ul bowling
lcuguc, i know that illi'cc uwurds.
tin-cc bowling pluqucs, wcrc niudc
lost your ui. ilic conclusion of till-
'1'" “H! “(mm-‘53 bowling sl-uson. liccipicnts of these
This is wrlitcn lo corrch on crim- uwurds were Riiiiill Adonis '54,
whm, upmmvd m 1,,“ W,.,.k-I..I ,.,H_ 'i‘iiomus I Slinlnunskl and Joseph
toriiii concerning the MAA intru- “m'm‘v h"l’lI“I””“"““"
llllil‘lil program. It was stuted Lliut “Wm yuuv
lost your, participation and orguli- itulpli Moot '54.

 

emu-31¢!»
By COSSABOON "III WEBB —_

PEDANTS?

A couple of the undergrads have accused us of
(pardon the puerile phrase) “using big words." These
people feel that this column is going over the heads
of some of the students. in defense, let us say first
that we do not consider ourselves of sufficient stature
to write over the heads of any but a few three-year-
0ids, and second, if an occasional word pops up that
you don’t know, the torture won't be too great.
Writing to a conege audience, we feel that the ex-
clus1ve use of monosyllabic words is a bit ridiculous.
If you are having trouble reading this, may we
suggest that spending of your time on the cartoon
Will be much more profitable to you.

L
PEDAGOGUE PAYMENTS

There is a sum of close to five hundred dollars
which is still outstanding to the Pedagogue from
advertisements of past years. Tins year’s stall doesn’t
want to go out and conect the money because (1) the
receipts WOULG go to surplus and not to the Fed; i2)
conections would hamper the advertising campaign
for this year's Dock. nobody seems to be doing very
mucn about this. If the surplus requirement were
waived, lvn'. Laing and his aides would probably be
happy to get the money and enrich the yearbook's
cciiers.

Did you know that $.25 of the $2.25 you paid for
your Ped picture went to the Pedagogue and the
remainder to the photographer? We, along with
some thousand other State Coneg'e students, did not
know about this. Evie Katusak, the Fed’s charmnlg
editor, told us that this was a reduction from the
illty cent fee of last year.

hew people probably know what the book cost in
tom. 11 the separately announced advertismg fees,
photography fees, and funds from the Student Asso-
ciation treasury were added up, there might be a
few raised eye-brows.

KUDOS
To Professors Jim Coles and Joe Sweeney of the

 

‘ Limbo level of Brubacller for their courtesy and fine

service . . . to the boosters of Homecoming Weekend.
At this writing, close to four hundred people have
signed and paid as well as organizations wno have
pledged larger stuns (all of live donars!) . . . to
AD lor the first set of laboratory plays . . . to the
sororities, who through their coffee hours (and em-
bellishments like dancing in the streets), have lur-
thered sorority-fraternity relations.

SUGGESTIONS
How about patching those Bi'ubacller walls before
Ithcy get too bad . . . support the Homecoming Week-

end with your fifty cents . . . either empty the trash
lccoptucles iii the Temperance Tavern (bet that‘s
the first you heard that name in quite a while) more
frequently, or ban those clowns who idly swing the
doors on the cans and fill the room with nothing
like Al‘pcgc . . . A loosening of the restrictions on
parties on the nights of All College functions. The
social calendar has reached the poiilt where it is
nearly impossible to get a date without cajollng and
pleading for some time months in the future.

We have been trying to find out the reason for
this ruling, and the only thing we have heard is
that it is :1 tool to get students to go to the events.
Let‘s face it. Some people just don't want to go
and take their shoes off to dance; some people would
rather watch the fights than hear a contralto.

As :1 coci'clve weapon the rule is far from success-
ful. A good number won't go a function, and will
find their way to smoke-filled rooms (not of the
political or Pogo variety). Cognizant (may we use
the word Myskic?) of this. why not allow fi‘iltcl‘nlty
and sorority parties Oil those nights?

QUESTION ()1" THE WEEK

Hus Professor Phinney been approached to be u
(ll-butcr for the forthcoming rivalry debate? Bill
Small is carrying a picture of William Jennings Bryuii
iIn his pocket and spouting, "You shall not press
(own , . 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16

12:00 noon Coilinlcrcc Club, Drupcr 211.

1i1.l15p.nl.D&A Ai'flllutcs and Council Rcccptlon.
Uppcr Lounge, Brubuchel'.

13:00 pm. Guinnlu Kuppu Phi Open House for
Stutcsnicn.

8:00 pm. Ncwnlun Hull Qpcn House for Slutcsnlcn.

8:00 pm. SCAGS Pui‘ty, Club 119.

SA’l‘l'itllAY, ()("l‘Oliiilt 17

10:00 u.m. ltivulry women's soccer game, Buvurwyck.
lllvull'y mcn's l‘ootbull gumc, Bcvcrwyck.

8:00 |l.lil, Aft‘ l’lil ()pcn House for Stiitcsincn.

0 11.111 l'lii Dcliu Open House for Silitcsnicn. 278
Wcstcrn Avc.

SUNDAY, OCTOBER iii

0:00 pm. l-llllcl buffet supper, Oliuv Siioloni synu-
gogllt‘.

MONDAY, ()("i‘Olilt‘lt l0

0 lo 11 um. DE Club Coffcc. Hour. Draper 117.

TUESDAY. OCTOBER 20

(Ho 11 um. DE Club Coi'fco llonl', Draper 147.

13:00 noon li‘l'cslnnun Cluss Mcctlng, Dl'upcl' 340.
7:15 pm. Cuntcrbury Club, St. Andrew's Church.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21

12:0(liloon Vctcrun'u Society Meeting.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 22

7:30 p.ln. Pep Build rehearsal, Richardson 211.

 

PAC. I

Student Council
Hears Outline

"A" COLLIOI NIWI. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 16. 1953

Gas 0n ‘7!» Hale CC Appoinfs

3’ "m “RUM” Five Members

Pace, good timing, in fact almost Some of this was due to the in-
anything you could name made last experience of the actors, but it

 

 

 

on  Tuesday evening one of the best seems to me that a large share of  

AD presentations that we have seen the blame must be placed on the
(Omtmuedh-ompagelI 001mm. 1, in Page Hall in many a moon. If directors. If the cop’s unintelli-

this is the start for the year, we gibility had been caught duriilg re-
fepted bymstudent Council and. be- can look forward to the rest of the hearsal, something could have been
ng a f ancial motion, will be year with pleasure. done about it there. Line weakness mission announces Jo v

i y Longo

talﬁled for a. week. I I Miss ugmha" was blessed with a is bound to show up in rehearsals, Grand MarshalI
oml'llIlset’hd‘ZfiEléoSgggggggigoThgg of; casr’ or high caliber’ Spm'keg by ltlrlilfienmczfltih tgg’bys/hghlled 132313133  The fonowmg have been Chcs
send letters and bills to advertisers “my “"5" as “‘8 mad l’mnter' Earned. ‘ W “911’ Cal” 9“? the functions
1,, last ears book who did not Marty has a stage presence which Campus CommlSSlon durlng the e
pay the; bins FO'IIII members of makes him at home on any stage. Bl”: 165“ 59”“? think "5 to be ‘1
ped attended 'the Council meeg IlsisII‘ii/he [\JVRSI iJlﬂerd ItIO Eh; hilt by fi‘ilkitot'vﬁtéooﬁgﬁnf‘xegigging  Cmapbell; Commons. Joan Mitche
mg this week and discussed this 0 I“! 0y 8. W10 as 6V810136d ' ‘ ' Poster-making, Joan Mitcheli;Ma

recommendation. Evelyn Kutasak, m” . . vel' iod st m for the AD sea—
Editor-in-Chief; Eleanor Balskis, 1““ two “"15' He’ timing was or y {’0 a

. II the best sort, well designed to get 50“- I I I
gﬂgiﬁilgsl'SFﬁgnaEgiIEOIdndJ‘gggt Liggggv the most, from her hnesI Jack ya- Minor things of this sort detract
Exchan e Edna“! a“ Semoiis dc: cobus,w1thhjstnn1d opening added from the general excellence of the
bated ugﬁs issu'e 'argumg tmt'they the right stuff as the friend of the lJlayS- I I III
were not the ones at fault and that $211353“ fngd ‘Vgigtednt’o gﬁurﬁwaﬁ’
they should not have to suffer for " . ' . on 00
what last year's staff did wrong. $121363? voeuImgfr can].ng 0"” a Cast  
Last year's staff did not collect the a Vely [’00 J0 ' I nonmcademic Me on campusI
money from the advertisers and Iglrh’fhomfon EvaSI’irIlIdeelfilwise is u . Cqmpus Commission comists
most of the ads were )rinted free 11 C 0169 0 035- 0 n “"3 a“  C .‘. . ' . ‘ ,
of ChargeI thereby losing 8mm)» newcomer Ed Joms were ,1 Joy to   a gloup of students selected by t1
lmately $500. The final outcome of ‘VatCh as they mea $0 Hen money

- to continue their sn'ee. Jack's , .
32:15“  gist Sielgggogegi] thick-tongued attempt1 at, geLLjng was conducted Wednesday, October amount of work done aild intcre

I. -- I. . -I his pound was well balanced by 14, at I12 noon,Ireports Robert Jcn- shown.
3:51:35 WK:ch $3,; f3}, tall: Ed's rubber-knch helpfulness. The hing-‘3 56. PII'GISIdEDt~ Thll't)’ mem-
question of the unpaid ads and try We of them were drunk, and there 1301's were Pie-501m P ' S k
to collect the moneyI This motion was no mistake about it. But they A constitutional committee was   S
was opposed by only two membersI were not the same type of drunk, appointed to draw up a written
and thus was passed that sometimes happens onto the purpose for the Society. The com-  d I, W k
Homecoming weekend will beheld stage Frail Illokaills, as the out- miitcc includes: Thlulle Ladd, Rob- U  
the weekend of October 31I and raged butt of their attempts, was crt Jennings, Donald Cushing, and

and Found, Judy Wilen, Soph
mores.

The student body is requested
cooperate with these people by 0

rules. which have been set up
regulate some of the features

. . as funny 118 we have CVGI' seen her. H'lrmon Muhcr Sophomores also Primer recently had a Board . , .
Robert Conn 55, chairman of the ,  I . I I . ‘ , I ’. I ' , . . I , at Albany 111
weekendI outlined the final plans MONO" "th dhd Bitty LdthR Albeit Finkltsicm, Robelt CdllLll- ineetillg .ii. “’11th it was dec1ded Hal-{HI

- - - . - Were 11 til't‘ﬂt hell) 111 milking the dcr P’illl Downs GUOl'”C Murphy to contact all Albany printers all
for it. Saturda' evenln there Will . i ‘ " . l? . l ‘. ‘ . . .

be a punch para. held ft the c,.ys_ Play “5 lhﬂdt‘ﬂl) «'18 1L WﬂS- Michael Owens, Gino Silvestri, Al— secure bids for the printing of th
til] Room in the Dcwm Clinton These plays were funny, anathey bcri Lewis and Harmon Mahcr. Al- yczlr's issue, reports Marvin Chol
HotelI for the Seniors n“d Alumni did what they were supposed to tcrnaic comillittecmcn are: David nolf '54, Editor-in—Chlef Jo a

only Following that there will be downlukc the audience laugh. How— Van Dyck '56 and Lee Johnson. Carlin ’55, Business Manager. has
a dance in the mam dining mom ever, some of the small things that Fiilklestcin was electh chairman dcc1dcd to include more advertis-

of B,.ulm(.hm.I with {m clevempiece crept in at times made them poorer by the commiltcc and Jenniilgstus mil in the 1113141121110 this yGill‘.
band playing The band is {mm than they might have been. appointed recorder. Tllc committee
RPI and is called the “Campus
Screnadcrs.“ Everyone is invited hall's play and Ed Jones slipped in ill 7130 11m. in Bl'hhlehCl' to draw ('lcs, profiles or poetry publishc
to attend the dance, which will be and out of character ill Mr. Thonl- “1) “h 011m“? 0f the “0011mm”-
paid for by the booster money that son's. The timing went bad with

Five people have been appointed
as committee heads for the differ-
ent departments of Campus Com- needed to play in the Del) band.

into a very good comedlenile in the the "lost Daft, last Tuesday was 3 boxesI Elizabeth Becker, all Jun- for every

Any students who wish to have
Lines were weak lll Miss Ligllt- Dh‘hh L0 meet Till-Schil'. October 20. original short stories, essays, arti-

should hand thcll' material to Pa- I
There will be :inotht‘l' meeting 01' triciu Byrlic '54, Literary Editor or cecd to Kim Blum ill Upper Gal-

Pep Band Needs
More Players;

Sets Rehearsal

Additional musicians are still

54I announces Neil Brown ’54, leader
of the band. Those instruments
en which are especially needed are

Sf Clarinets and trumpets, but those

suing year: Posters. J. Phillips Stuaems playing any band msml‘

III ments could be used.
11- Practice sessions are scheduled
Thursday evening. Any-

iors. Lounge, Maura Newman; Lost one wishing to Join the band should

0- report to these rehearsals which are
held at 7:30 in Richardson 28.

to The tentative schedule for per-
b- formances by the band includes All-

serving the Campus Commission State Day, Homecoming Weekend,

to and Campus Day. A possibility
of that a bus may be secured in order

that the band might play at soccer
of games which are played at other
1e schools is being investigated, states

standing Commission yearly through Brown. The band will play at all
A meeting of the Veterans Society a system of try-outs based on home soccer games,

Si.

Students Work
With Israelites

Miss Syciclle Ruth Brown, a resi-
dent of Albany and former student
gll School. arrived in
Israel, October 11 with a.
group of sixty-four young Ameri-
cans and Canadians. This group,
participating ill the Youth Work-
shop ill Israel, will spend eleven
months ill Israel working and study-
ilig under the sponsorship of the
l-iabonlm Labor Zionist Youth and
the Labor Zionist Organization of
America.

(1
is

11

d
From Haifa Miss Brown will pro-

15 currently being collected, As or Marty and Jack in the “my [he the Vctcl'lins Sociciy Wednesday. Primer, 01' drop it ill the Primer “109- Thel‘i‘ the Workshop group.

Wednesday. there was $200 worth cop ill the second couldn‘t be un— October 21, according to Jennings. mailbox locutcd ill lower Di'upcr.

\Ivllllc liviilg and working within the
framework of a collective settle-

 

 

of boosters. dcrstood beyond the fourth row. __
_.... m
The Stigma of the Late-Bell ' ,. ’. rawth aamtw

Iwus sitting in the neai'cstgreusy not to cut, they couldn‘t, have
“POO” “‘9 0m” morning} When I changed their minds because of file
found myself eavesdropping on a II.IIIIIII (If II III LI DI“ TI II I. I
conversation which was floating ""5 ‘ u ‘1 L" t ' “5 “um

 

 

of Mudf‘i'll Languages, unnoullccs points. such as means of irunspor
that he and his fumin were guest luiion from country to country.
spcukcl's of u PTA incciing ut Cus-

mcili, will participate in classes,
tours, and seminars which form the
l-ducuiionul part of the Youth
Workshop program.

This group is the third yearly
Workshop. Participants of the
Workshop range iil age from seven-
teen to twenty-five and are care-

Di‘. .1. Wcslcy Childcrs. Professor cludcd the program with practical

.v. .. ‘ - ... . . . . " '.' ' 11' e rcnlil‘uil'rH-A '
buck IIIId mm] among some IIIIIII_ [hnnwlvu 10”“; u, 11nd 5mm LI\_ IICIIIII HIIIh bCIIIIIII IIIsI IIIIIIIIII The”, Yom solution lily b A I\ .thcicd by a National Board

school students. The main idea of Manama“ L0 give “NEWS “1' ” I’m" topic for discussion was their sum- Thpum“ “n “HMO “mm” 135 D‘
the convcrsuiion was whether or mn’ 5“ “ML they wf’md “We ‘1 mcr lrip to Western Europe. Dr.
not the morning classes should be mucc L” go! “'mCh'. "1 .“UCCSS‘VV L" Cliiklm'h' spoke in RCHC‘I'HI iIhUUL
cut The discussion got so hinguw “‘“m- "‘“llllmd {1- “C “1 50”” 5””- plllccs he and his family visited ill

-, of Admissions.

Paul B. Pcitl’t. Assistant Professor
of English. will appear ill the Oc-

/ I
iobcr issue of Players magazine. News VOTGSMoney

1h “mm-0 w them 11],. “demo” I I  ,I .I, I , H 1_ This article includes three pictures
and heated that they eventually I ' .' . Hill). S\\Iil/i011dhd. Gumxlnl. 0 -, ,,   , , _
round IIIeInSIIII/IIS III IIIC awkward movmmd them 1mm mum, to IIIIIIII England Imd FHIIICIII JOmII ilolll lust summit s alum ploduc For Sporls coverage

situation of having the high—school SChUUI' HO“, Valuubl" ‘1 (“Scumm his" 5011. 811W hhlh‘i‘hsmhs 01' the
late bcll ring. The conversation I. I . .. , I I I
Immediately switched [III not me situation if they had come. in late and ,, nhw_I\.um-_,,](p5 1mm! 01 new
problem of the advisability of cut— and “W” “0" W “mm “1 the” “'1” MW” 133' Mill'BiC Childt‘l's» She
ting class, but the fact that now,
since the boil had rung. ilicy could
not go to class even if they wontcd
to, and how Could they got :quy

5,, mm.“ “.1”, ,Im, 5mm“, in “m sor of Ancient. Languages, and Mrs

pnl‘liclllui‘ cusc. but \viih illc who.c

lions. The pictures are of Martin
could lluvc been derived from their . w . v ' ~ ,v' . v 31““ '54, Dot Mcclluh '55 and LOIUS I , .

“’1” “0m ‘1 b0“ “ pmm “1 Hm' Won '53 ill their respective roles ill h‘iiCINeii’s SIlIiIhChly msht. m the mm”
“The Mm,n IS Bhqu one plum-O ll'ailons Ollicc, Alice Musholan ’54
[ouchm-H that mm, mum not tell gIIIIkII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII (III hIII. MINI,“ is of Lllc qudicllco among whom \Ii'lIlIs unuIllilnously elected Ito the po.
lllc truth. The l'uuli. docs nol lie (1,,“ whet-m,” Mpg-I Chum.” mh- “"‘V‘v' D"- l’l‘mh 0' Wi‘lluccn PI'OICS' M 10“ 0 cuwl‘m‘m Edlml‘ This

At il Board Meeting of State Col-

I post was \‘ucatcd this September by

Sliiclds Mcllwulnc. Di'. Pctiit spclli Mm'i' Ann Rollins '54 because of

the provisions of the major-minor

I, I , . I I I I, , 5,,,.1,,1,,.I.IV “1-Hwﬁchml“hm”: not . . lusi \\'L‘(‘l{i‘llfl in Ithaca wlicrc he 
“1m "k‘l’pmg ‘1“ ‘1‘” “1mm” "1‘" [mg- Iwrhmi “1mm hm many “MOUIHI MOVle  TO Vlew ullcndcd the New York State Conl— 01”“) pm“.

lent. reactions from llll‘ll' pul'cills. I I
The solution to their problem is Wh‘h h‘iu'h'l's 011” “hikt' 111Ch‘  A G I H 
not ililportuni; whut struck “10 “5 sliuicnis l‘ccl illui truth can be told, ' ms t ur ey 6
Doing of consequence was illc sril'i- “'1th1” (“lhﬁl‘iiili’hi'l‘5. lhi‘l’ “1115’ W‘
“may “1* the 5111mm”, lll‘ ussnl'cd that children ill schools
" -.v. i.'.;'|'*‘>- ~',',', "-— . . .
Even if tllc students had (liildUl IIIII:II‘LthijIthgiIIIIIIIIfIIinfirm: IIIibIliIlIlIiIIII Hm. “mm (,1 “as, NH,” “H, “M,”
.I . . i. I » I . I .._I- , v' u I , ‘ 1'1" Hull lll ‘ s ‘-
ocmlwrucy wc sirlvc lo culilvuic in .1. H Shﬂmnl‘ ,“l (ml "_ , , I rl-inrn to his illlll’l‘ on Oi'iillJI‘i’ Jo.
. ' . . . il'oy, llic pll-scniuilolis stall at I , , I . I DI .
ilic 111111le o1 our clllldl'cn und of 7.30‘ H“ IIIIII IIIII IIIIIII, IIIIIIIIIII 10.00 1h. (hullcs F. blokes, Iloicssoi
THE “m. “mums. HUW mm [mum b“ hm l'l‘lll‘l'i‘lill'i‘ uniil'rclusslncngirls “1 MUM“ “Wk” 1'” m" ‘Jumm
li'uincd iii honesty. when lllcy must ' ‘ H 140313110 le'lﬁlhilill Illt'JIlhi‘l'N 0f “it

will bc ublc 1o uticnd.
STUDIO

"Portrait At Its Finest"

ililzliily Theatre Conference.

l<2\‘cl'_\' oillcr Sunday cvcnlng sonic
oi llli‘ world's greatest lnoiloli pic-

 

lnosl minor inisdclncuilol'?

 

’l‘liosc intcrcsicd in joining [1115 "Musical ()pporiunliics in Albuny.‘
, l'inl-Imu lcuglicIIslioulIlIl lI-oIntllci Ar-I DIII MIIIIIIIHI, LI “I,” pun-(.5501
 S   1.1”” L“.“.”‘"". 7” “TM” “.1”. PM of ltldncuilon. und Mul'y iii. Conklin
sonic (‘1llb il\illlili)li‘ ioi iiunspoliu- ‘  I . ,I , I
53 N Lake Ave" IIIIIII Snpclilml lll Ilic Mllnc School
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

(‘iliih l‘llllill‘il "’l‘hc Covcl'cd Wagon." lllilt' llll(l l‘lxlll'I'lllll‘llllll (‘ilungc" ill
will be blunting. Sclu-llillcd for HIV lilo .lolirnul of l-prcrilnciilul lCdu-
fuiurc is F1117. Lullg's licsliiiy. mun".

‘ ‘

 

HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST T0 TA K E
YOUR PORTRAIT

 

it‘lnoru D. (‘urrlno, instructor in
English, lllll'll(li‘(l u ('(illll‘l‘i‘lll'i' of
llll‘ Ncu' York Slulc Di‘liilii‘ Cillik'lll‘h
A R T K A P N E R ui. Colgulc [his \\‘1'('lii‘ll(l. Mrs. Cur—
Hill) is Vn'o l’l'i'slliclll of tho Oi"-

gulllxulion,
‘ ‘

 

"l’()(’I\’ .V'l'xl’l'lz‘ ll\’.\‘(/I\’.'ll\'(.‘lt' MAN" I
OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY

l I ’
Felicia s
Evenings by appointment

Beauty Salon

fill-A No. Lake Ave.
iNUlli' Washington Ave.)
".ilMMY'L—llair Stylist

’l‘elcplicnc 3-9740

ALL TYPES of lNSURANCE
illl MADISON AVENUE .
TELEPHONE won

73 Shite Sircct 3—1471 Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

W

 

Arthur P. Jones, Acting Co-ordln—
utol' of Field Si‘i‘Vli‘f‘S, is visiting
Wcsicliosicr Conlin nnd Long is-
lund schools for the Slate llniycr-
siiy's l'cl-l'uilincni progl'unl. l-lc will

i'cui' illc consequent-cs of own [he A“)!th Illh‘lhllh‘ 01' “NOW llhd
Stiulcni subscriptions to those Ari. Wl‘(llil‘.\(lllI\' cyclilng ul illc lil-

cycnlngs cost $2.50 for twelve films. sliluic The topic for discussion wus  Service Issues

The Board also decided to pro-
vide funds to scnd fl sports re-
porter to cover Slutc's uwny soc-
ccr gulllcs, ut the suggestion of
Robert Ashl‘icld '55, Sports Editor.

Silitc (‘olicgc News is also seek-
ing it student to do photography
, work for the pupcr. Any under-
. graduate who is interested should
I contact Evelyn Ruben ’55, Co-Edl-
lor-in-Cliicf, by Student Mull.

- Exams ln Agriculture

I The Ulliicd Silltcs Civil Service

llil\‘i‘ l'cccnily pubiisllcd un cigliiccn Connilission llus ullnouliced its
()ctoiicr 2:3, .iuincs Crnxc‘s 102.1 page urliclc on “Iiiil'l‘ili'iliip Aiii- Junior Mllllllgifilli‘lli Assistant and

Junior Agriculiurul Assistuht ex-
ulnlnuiionn for iilliiig positions in
Wushington, l). 0., mid other cities
throughout. the country. The en-
il'lllll'l‘ slilul‘y for the agricultural
posiiions is $33110 u ycul', ulid for
inc munugcnicni positions, $3,410
and $1,305. Students who expect
to commute Llicii‘ courses by Julie
30, 1054. may apply.

l“lli'llli‘l' liiiorniuiloli ulid upplicu-
lion fol ms muy be secured from the
l’im-i-nlcni 011100 or null ilie Unit-
cd Slulcs Civil Service Commission,
Wusiilnglon 25, D. C. For the
Junior Munugcnioni Assistant ex-
uiiimuilon, uppllcuilons must be
filed not iuicr ihun November 12,
1053. ulld for the Junior Agricul-
turul Assistant examination, not
lulcr illuii December l, 1953.

  

