 

PAGE I

Crusade . . .‘

Among the communications received by
us this week was the brief letter reproduced
on this page and written as a result of an
important ste forward by one of our
campus sororit es. The letter itself does not
explain the previous situation, reasons for
thetSdecision, and its possible immediate ef-

ec .

Chi Sigma Theta Sorority is now open to
all undergraduate women students. In the
past, Chi Sig has limited its initiates for
the sake of religious unity. A policy such
as this could have and has been unfavor-
ably labeled and had no place on the
campus of a college in a state university
system. For several years, alumni oppo-
sition was the main obstacle retarding the
practice of a more democratic policy. This
year, with its alumni in accord, the sorority
could formulate a change in policy.

It is important to note that this question
is exclusively a matter of policy and prac-
tice. There never was a written law in
the organization’s constitution limiting its
membership for religious reasons. This
practice of unwarranted discrimination had
been the policy of other secret societies on
our campus for many years. With the break
from its national group, KDR died as a
campus fraternit and saw the birth of
APA. This brea was the beginning of
one crusade but almost the ending of an-
other. The crusade it began was the com-
plete localization of all sororities and fra-
ternities on the campuses of the colleges
in the University of the State of New York.
This crusade reached a climax two weeks
ago with the announcement by the presi-
dent of the University that all secret so-
cieties with national affiliations and located
on the campuses of the State University
must “go local” by 1958. This announce-
ment directly affects only one society at
State.

The crusade that KDR almost ended and
that Chi Sig finished was that of having
all fraternities and sororities here at State
“open” to all racial and religious groups.
At one time, every sorority on our campus
was restricted to one particular group or
another. In this light, we can judge that
this week’s action was nothing courageous
or revolutionary from a broad viewpoint.
From a more narrow view of the organiza-
tion involved, it represents a moral victory,
a culmination of much hard work and faith
in an ideal. This group had no one forcing
the action; it had no particular instance to
arouse it; it faced opposition from within
as well as outside pressure.

The case with our national sorority,
AEPhi, is very different. These girls are
faced with an ultimatum to be fulfilled
within four years. Several courses are
open to them. They may continue as
members in the national group until the
present members have graduated, leaving
campus completely. Or they may decide
to follow the pattern of APA, only without
the motivation of any unjust action on the
part of their national. They are the re-
luctant victims of a crusade, and are being
forced to conform. Depending upon their
choice of action, they may be the initiators
of a brighter crusade in the future.

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF IBIB

 

VOL. XXXVIII October 23. 1953 No. 6

Members of the NEWS stall may he reached ’i‘uesdiiy Iiiid
Wednesday from 7 to it p ill. at 2~II326, Ext. 11. Phones
Moore and Ruben, 2-3320; Ashlie-Id, 3-3580, Ehired and (it-rig,
2-9012: Surtea. 2-3320.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State
College for Teachers. published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student As-.oeiutlon.
EVELYN RUBEN - - - - - - - - - Co-IiIIltor-In-CIIII-f
JOANNE MOORE - - - - - - - - - CU-I‘JdIIOF-ID‘CIIICI
IRENE ELDRED - — - - - - - Uri-Managing Editor
SALLY GERIG - - - - - - - (Tosiilunaging Editor
JOYCE SlIRTI‘IS - - - v - - - - I‘uIIIIc ISI‘IIIIIIIIIH ICIIIlor
ALICE MASHOIAN - - - - - - - Circulation Editor
ROBERT ASIIFH‘ILD - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
RAYMOND WOLFE - - - ~ - - - Senior Sports Member
- Business-Advertlslng Manager

“All”. H(.‘Il\\'l'2l7.iiit I
- Associate Editor

WILLARD REIT]. - . . .

 

All coiniiiutiicailoiis should be addressed to the editor iilllI
“Hill he signed Nomi-n will be \vitItIo-hl upon request
The S'i'A'i'i-i t‘tii.l.i<itiI-l NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions i-xpt'u-swtl in Its ('UIIIIII'IIH Iii"I‘tillllillllllt'lilItllin
in; such Iixjil‘winlltlli‘ do Iiot necessarily rI'IIt‘l'I llu vii-w

 

.
«Ow

ITATI COLLICI NIWI. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 23. 1953

 

 

 

3'. Remus '57

 

 

 

 

71a amt a; am

By SUE BARNHART

 

 

Fall is an impressive season— boughs, scattering their brilliant

football games, chrysanthemums,
new tweed skirts—and trees. Fall
is a season impregnated with beau-
ty and that beauty is primarily the
beauty of a tree.

We are completely awed by its
grandeur. Here and now it is su-
preme. In the Spring, we take a
quick glance at trees, but are soon
diverted by the blooming and ac-
tivity on the ground. Before we
know it, they are in full foliage.
We accept it and forget until we
are suddenly awakened again.

Our eyes are turned upward;
our spirits rise; our thoughts
deepen. Our minds are searching
into more than just what is im-
portant to the present. We seek
the future, always aspiring for
greater accomplishments. Thissea-
son makes our minds keen, our
emotions strong, but tends to
thwart our physical movements.
This is opposed to the Spring, when
we become rash and impetuous,
overflowing with physical energy.
But now glance outside. Look
around. This is beauty. The
trees are playing their leading role
and doing a fine job of it.

On our walk home from the
campus we behold the majestic
elins. golden, slowly turning brown,
gliding back down to the earth.
The maples are spreading their

 

6W

 

To the Editor:

Chi Sigma Theta Sorority at
State College wishes to announce
that its membership is open to all
undergraduate women students.
This became effective Saturday,
October 17, 1953.

Jane Freancy ‘54,
President.

To the Editor:

Where is Justice? If certain
people can outlaw a traditional
college joke and let a sign be dis-
played such as the Campus Chest
one, something definitely is wrong.

Where are the minds of those in
charge of the Campus Chest? Do
they realize the complete situation?
When they placed their lewd sign
in the cafeteria they (lid not take
into consideration that it would be
seen, not only by college students.
but also by pupils from MlIllt'

All right. so college students are
supposed to be hrmidiiiinded I?)
enough to laugh at such a joke and
to take it for what it is, and give
this worthy cause it helpitig hand.
But Milne students are still kids
and displays such as this are not
cxaclly modern art.

it, and i don’t. believe that such
publicity is ncccssary, such a sign
is to be pasted on our school walla.
how about putting it in u more ad-
\’ailli..iL',t‘UllS Spot?

An 'iatnbari‘ussed" So lIl
i

hues of yellow and orange every-
where. Across the dorm field the
trees are silhouetted in the pink
sky. As the sun fades, its dying
rays cast a rosy hue on the land-
scape.

To see nature at its height, let
us get out of the city, out to, say,
the six-mile water works. Here
everything is red, splashed with
dashes of yellow and green. Nature
has gone overboard. One special
spot captures your interest and at-
tention. The scarlet oaks are
fiery; the red oaks flaming. They
form a solid background for the
delicate white birches at the wa-
ter’s edge which flaunt their small
yellow leaves in brilliance. Out of
this, in sudden contrast, is a tall
straight pine, dark and green, maj-
esty in the sky. The whole scene
is reflected in the quiet water, dis-
turbed only by a gently falling
leaf. From seemingly nowhere ap-
pear two wild ducks which glide
onto the water—moving from tree
to tree. First in red, then yellow,
back to red, mixing the colors into
a beautiful abstract. Then the
ripples settle back into the even
pattern nature had formed. Silence
is pressing, every noise is far
away. Peace is complete.

Certainly We should appreciate
this season. Never again will it
be exactly the same, the feeling
will be different, to some of us
more intensified, to others, less.
But never become so wrapped up
in yourself, your problems, and your
emotions that you are no longer
impressed by a simple tree.

 

7W’ In 74¢ 70am
By JOYCE DIAMANT

 

Shakespeare‘s “Othello” is being
presented by the Siena College Stu-
dent Senate at Philip Livingston
Junior High School tonight. The
play is being done by Players, Inc.

Also in the (ii'iiiiiaties field, “Bell,
Book and Candle" is being given
tonight and tomorrow night at the
Civic Pluvhousc in Schenectady.

The Boston Symphony Orchestra
will giic .i concert at the RPI Field
House in Troy, Monday at 014:”:
pm. Picrt'c Monteux will conduct,

Stai’tzizg tonight. the Ilcluwarc

'l iicati'c Is, SIHHHIIL', the fabulous
MUM technicolor production.

"l.ili.“ This movie, now in its
tiiii'i._\'-sccond week in New York
City, stars Leslie Caron and Mel

f-‘cri'ur, with many other csccllcnt
players.

The ()ctnvo Singers will give a
concert at Utiioii College Memorial
Chapel on ’l‘ucsduy, November 3, at
it put.

i)voral~'.‘s "’i‘c ileum" and the
"Song of Autos" by Charlotte Lock-
wood (iai'dcn will be pi'csciitcd.
(iordoii Mason will conduct. 'l‘Ickcls
may bc purchased from Dorothy
(‘Iiei'ubint 'fri. I

 

Gammon-51d”

By COSSABOON and WEBB

 

\

FIE!

We did it again! For the past three years, the
semester has started for us with a solemn pledge not,
to let mid-seine sneak up on us unprepared. After
a jolly five weeks, the horrible thought just camC
of those impending catastrophes, and the kiss of
doom nearing our be-partied lips.

ALL OF THEM!

The class of 1954 is showing its reputed enthusiasm.
The rabid convocation of four wanted to discuss a
party after CampUS Day festivities but Richardson 20
became so humid with the milling throng that it had
to be called off.

LIBRARY NIGHTS

After all the planning and straw voting of last year
the library evening hours are as inconvenient as ever.
Open two nights a week, Monday and Wednesday, a
good number of students find it impossible to go on
these nights. Monday is filled for many with fra-
ternity or sorority meetings and Wednesday is Stu-
dent Council and umpteeii other meetings. The
students are urged to take an active part in extra-
curricular affairs and student government in par-
ticular then, are penalized for doing so. Life is cruel!

SOC HOP

Seems as though the Soc Hop is not receiving the
whole support of the school. Remember that it is
not the sole responsibility of Commuter's club to
support the shoeless soiree.

INTERESTING SIDELIGHTS

In the Commons this week both Catherine Newbold
and Paul Wheeler, the popular faculty members who
yearly contribute their efforts to improve faculty-
student relations, fetched good prices in the Chinese
Auctions conducted for Campus Chest. The friendly
rivalry between fraternities for Miss Newbold's vaunt-
ed waiting ability and the women’s group houses for
Mr. Wheeler's equally famous serving capabilities
became quite a thing to see. As the time neared for
the closing bids, the Commons heard a cacaphony
of yells for the two history teachers. The shredded
empiricism and mashed methodology ought to go
well with group house grub. On the other hand,
we're sorry that our Campus Chest pun was perverted
by persons into a prominent poster. Pernicious propa-
ganda by proponents of pecuniary principles pushed
the point precariously past propriety.

EGAD!

In the air are comments about the enforcement of
Residence Council ruling that would place a girl who
was found in a male group house or apartment in
forbidden hours in danger of expulsion. The need
for revision seems more pressing to us than the
threats, which with an administrative hand in the
background, are now being debated. The Residence
Council rules set up last year concerning fraternity
houses have been obeyed to the letter, without. one
complaint of violation being reported. After all, we
are past the age of twelve, and abidance with past
rules would appear to indicate adequate responsibility
on the part of the girl. More stringent enforcement
seems completely unwarranted at this time. We hope
this plan will not go through.

SUSPENSUS PER COLLUlVI

How about parking cars a. little closer together on
Washington Avenue? Complaints have been frequent
of a car taking two spaces and confusing an already
unhappy parking situation. . . Have you noticed
the new tray in the cafeteria with mustard, vinegar,
ketchup, and the like on it? With new cups and
these service trays all we need is a lack of cigarette
butts on the floor to have a decent place to eat. . . .
No, Walgreen's has not opened a branch in lower
Draper. It's just the latest promotion scheme of the
Co-op . . . Aero Shave, anyone?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23

7:30 pm. Potter Club Hayride.
8:00 pm. Gamma Kappa Phi Open House Iol' RPI.
8:30 pin. Faculty Concert, Page “ii”.

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24

9:00 pm. Campus Chest Dance, llrubnchcr liiniiig
Room,

SUNDAY, ()("l‘Olllilt :35

3:00 pm. Open I'lilllhl‘ﬁii Phi I)cIlii, College llcighis.
Summit IIIJIIAI', Hilltop IIUIIM'.

8:00pm. Comiiicrcc (Tiubs' i);incc, Uppcr Lounge
in lli'ubachcr.

’l‘l'ESDAY, ()("l‘Oliidlt 737

0-11 uni. DE (.‘olicc llout', Urupci' l-l'i.

12:00 noon ltccoi'diiig llour, Richardson :0.

8:30 |l.lll. Al) Plays, Page “ii”.

WEDNESDAY. ()("l‘Olil'Jlt 338

12:00 noon I"l’l‘.‘uIilllilll (‘luss l'Ilcction‘, lit'upci' 3-10.

12:00 noon HCA (‘h.ipcl, i-‘n-.~:t l’i'csbytcrtun (‘hurcli,
VVl'nII'llI and No. Laki'.

IBIillltiiiiill Vt'il'l‘ztlt':. Huclt‘i)’ (‘oit:.ii[lllhtll Ml‘t'tillg.
I)t'ti.pci 310.

T" I 'IISDA Y, (H "I‘OIIIILII 230

3:30 pin i"ot'iun Spcukci' Urupci‘ Ji-iil.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 23. 1953

PAGE I

 

Frosh To Elect

Tumbling Begins

Potter Victor In
Representatives; Only IM Action

regular season being over, and
Elections for the two representa- nothing left but the playoffs. The _'

now in its final throes, with the

Soccer Squad Takes To Road I7.

    w Quest OI Improving 3-2 Record

 

ﬁves to speak for the freshman first in this series was played
class on the WAA Council will Tuesday on the dorm field, with

soon be held.

Of the two repre- the Potter Club emerging victor-

sentatives to be elected, one will iously over a downed KB sqund‘

act as the director and coordina- 8-6.
5130115 Victor Scores for Club

tor of freshman rivalry
events. The other will assist her
and serve on the Council.

To rack up hours in all sports
and to enjoy them in the relaxed
atmosphere of the country, there
is no place like Camp Johnston. To
form a group, at least five people
are needed. One of these five must
be a member of the Camp Com-
mittee or have been there three
times before. Joan Hartman, Bar-
bara Wolslegel, Seniors; Zoe Aim
Laurie, Donna Hughes, and Edna
Standley, Juniors, are the ones to
contact for information.
Tumbing Hours Scheduled

Donna Hughes ’55, announces
that tumbling will be held in the
gym on Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday evenings. Beginners will
meet from 7:15 until 8:00, when
the more advanced tumblers will
take over. Instruction will be
given on the trampoline and mats.

Riding, which up to now has
been scheduled at the Pine Tree
Stables, has been changed to the
Hidden Acres Stables.

Beginners interested in learning
to bowl prior to the opening of
the leagues should sign up on the
bulletin board. This instruction
will be under the direction of Miss
Johnston and is only for those who
have not bowled before. Gina Hil-
fiker ’56, asks that when signing
up you indicate times when you
would be able to receive instruction.

Hathaway SpIits Squad
Into Practice Groups

During last week‘s basketball
practice sessions Coach Hathaway
split the prospective squad for this
season into two groups. one to
practice cnch afternoon at 4:00 and
the other to drill at 7:30 cacti eve-
ning. With State‘s hoopcrs open-
ing game of the season wtih RPI
on November 21 rapidly approach-
ing, the team is undergoing in-
tensified drills, Inter-squad scrim-
mages have been held already and
practice scrimmach with other
teams will be scheduled soon. In
last week's sessions most of the
time was devoted to pie-season
drills and it was felt that it would
be advantageous to divide the group
into two squads to benefit from
the remaining preparations.

Approximately thirty candidates
are presently vicing for the berths
on the State cage aggregation and
some top-notch talent has been
noted in the hopefuls. The practice
groups are now of fifteen men
each, the regular squad to be se-
lected soon. The roster for the
JV’s and Varsity this year will be
of ten men each.

Gerald Drug Co.

Albany, N. Y.

 

217 Western Ave.
Phone 8-8610

the goal all through the game, as
four times they were within five h.
yards of a touchdown. ‘
effort that made good was a jug-
gled pass from John Morrissey to
Paul Victor, with an aggregation 5“
of KB and Potter players all hav- [a
ing their hands on the bull before
it reached its destination. “1

 

 

MYSKIE SAYS:

We eat

at the

SNACK BAR

Why don't

you?

 

 

 

Bye- 39 [Mei

Hy RAY WOLFE

 

Potter was threatening to go over

The one m

KB proved strong on defense, but in
their only good offense seemed to m
be in the interceptions of Potter
passes. The safety was scored on

an end run by Ron Reuss. He was to

Sorry to make everybody suffer
like this, but it looks like the kid

handing in his resignation to
e News. Reasons: t1) constant

hawking by the frosh has me all

aken up, and t2) it is difficult to
co the public after watching two

out of three predictions go down

e drain. So yours truly is gradu-
ing from the News staff to amore
significant. but better paying pro-

fession.

Seriously though, it will be tough
leave that bunch of great kids

tabbed about a foot over the goal and hard workers on the News.

by Sam Kl’CIlllIftk.
The Potter touchdown was set 0f

Heard one of the best (and one

the feW) compliments ever paid

up by an interception on the mid- the News outfit last WedXIESday

field stripe by Herb Egert, who ran Iii
it to the KB two.

Abe Blattman. Doug Neilson,Marv
Chernofl’, and Herb Thier looked
good for the KB squad, while Ken
Stevenson, Sig Smith. and “Boxer”
Sackman were strong for Potter.
League Leaders in Ties

The rest of the teams' standing
is as follows: SLS and Potter tied
for Bevcrwyck honors, with KB and
the Vets‘ team trailing. In the
Dorm League Summit House and
the strong APA teams are tied in
first place, with the Mustangs,
Sayles Bargains,
Devils dragging below in that order.

The general consensus about the
games around campus is that the
dorm field is both small and slip-
pery. The players don't seem to be

te

W

ght, and it really fits here. Hank

Hull dropped in during the rush to
beat the deadline. and after giving
the place a quick once-over, said,
“Boy, these kids sure hustle to put
this paper together.” I figure this
quote says a lot more than any

n columns of mushy flattery

which would be appropriate here.

Also must apologize to Bob Ash-

field, since he is really left holding
the bag. However, the frosh sports

riters look cool and capable, and

under the able guidance of Ashfield
should at least keep up, l:i‘f mat lium-

rovc, the sports page. ran c-
and the Red Tilvoy. Joe Swimowski, Joe Taggart,
Jesse Vics, and John Wilcox should
be able to replace two guys with-
out much trouble.

One more thing to get off my

able to throw effective blocking, chest and that's an apology I owe

essentially needed in football, and ti

1e Vets football team. They re-

the runners, once they have started, ceived some undue criticism in view
find themselves out of bounds. It‘s of the fact that they fielded only

too late to do anything this year. eight men against SLS.

Hats. off

but how about our next year's IM? to one team which has been hustling
more than all of the prestige-laden

Wolfe To Direct “
New Publicity Board D

Ray Wolfe '54. former member h

of the News staff, has resigned his

'at teams put together.

Be seeing you all around cam—
us—and oh yes, the frosh are be-

ginning to show some spirit and

ustle, but I’m still looking for

talent.

 

position to take over full responsi-

bilities as director of the Athletic loge athletics to the gleam“ ex_

Publicity Bureau.
Ray succeeds Doug Neilsen, who D
was recently called into the Army.

tent on the Campus, in the Al-

any area, and with other colleges.
The Publicity Bureau is some-

in the initial organization of the thing new, but has great potenth

Awhen completely organized the 011%" lathe eyes of inostwobliervcrﬁ
APB staff will constitute about 15 “11d 1‘ ‘5 M” “‘3”. Ray ,0. e i”
be greatly responsuilc fOI its suc-

mcmbcrs working under Ray with

the goal of publicizing State 001- C

055.

 

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave.
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARBEBS
We Aim To Hence

 

 

THE
HAGUE

W.

Corner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4—1125
FLORIST &
GREENHOUSE
College Florists for Years
Special Attention
for
Sororities and Fraternities

Down Geneseo State 2-1,- Bow
To Oswego In DoubIe Overtime

The Albany State soccer team will take to the road
tomorrow to clash with a strong New England soccer team.
The local booters are hopeful of returning with number

four victory in the records.

In a pair of rugged road games played last weekend
the Statesmen defeated Geneseo State by one point and
then lost to Oswego by a similar margin. The final out-
come of Friday’s clash showed Albany on top, 2 to 1, and
in Saturday’s game at Oswego the Teachers from ASCT
trailed 4 to 3 at the outcome.

Hank Hull started the scoring for Albany by driving
into the Geneseo goal after seven minutes and forty-five

seconds of play.

The home club’s scoring for the day was started and
ended by Spring with a successful shot after four minutes

of the second period.

What proved to be the decisive point in the scorin
came ten seconds later when John Lindberg’s shot reache

 

Experience Helps

Sophs Top Fros

its mark. The tight defensive play
of the Albany booters in the
Geneseo game was commendable,
all players turning in good per-
formances.

Double Overtime Spells Defeat
Saturday‘s game found Coach

A year’s experience and a lot of Joe GHI‘CIB'S men the VICi/lms 01

hustle brought the Sophs through

bad breaks in their 4-3 loss to 03-

wego State. The game went into

for 2 Rivalry points in last Sat- 3 double overtime.

ui'day's Rivalry football

game.

One man Albany could well have

When the last horn blew the Fifty- done without was DeSantiS. Who
sixei‘s were on top of a big 17-0 took care of all of Oswego's scor-

score.

The boys who fear no noise were

ing.
Three successful penalty kicks by

led in their attack b the uarter_ OSWBEO made all the difference in
backing of young )éob gamma Albanys search for win number

The backfield was rounded out by

four. Oswego received a n o t h e r

- - ' hen a dropped ball from
some fine running by Bob Smith bleak w .
and a lot of passing between Frank the referee landed directly in front

Geslak and the Straub.

Anderson, Patton Star for ’57

of the Albany goal.
J. Lindberg Scores for Peds
Albany went into the lead at the

The frosh backfield turned in it end 0f three Dem’ds With g°°d

pretty good showing. with

fine passing by Joe Anderson and Ste“-

good footwork by Art Patton.

some shots by John Lindberg and Barn-

The latter's came at 2:45 of
this period and Lindberg's at 10:15.
DeSantis took care of all scoring

The rest of the Soph scoring was in the fourth period by adding two
done by Geslak on a buck—lateral, more for Oswego.

TD, Sam Kelley on a point after

The second overtime found De

TD, and 2 points for Shumanski’s Santis back again, ending his scor-
catching Joe Anderson behind his ing and the game With his third

own goal.

LOCATED AT

 

straight penalty shot.

a.Q_ﬂ

CAFETERIA

167 CENTRAL AVENUE
84 STATE STREET

134 STATE STREET

 

 

CO

 

 

STUDIO

"Portrait At Its Finest"
s ‘
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
s s

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY

Evenings by appointment

Almost Too Good
To Be True . .

12” LONG
PLAYING RECORDS
Only $1.98 apiece
Tchaikovsky Symphony No. 5
Franck Symphony in D Minor

Rachmaninoff Second Piano
Concerto

Dvorak “New World" Symphony

. and many others

 

till MADISON AVENUE

TELEPHON E 4 —001’r

BLUE NOTE SHOP
156 Central Ave.
(Across from Neisner's 5 & 10)
Open 6 Nights ’tii ii

 

 

 

CORDUROY HATS

Brand N cw

 

 

Xtra Special at .

Xtra Special at .

-OP

FALL ACTIVITIES
SPECIA LS

............................... H 1.39

Regularly 1.75

TURTLE NECK PULLOVERS

............................... H 2-59

Regularly 3.25

 

 

 

 

 

__.,,.«,,,.-.‘.‘,:. ,daggfgadgmgomﬁrﬁ,‘Wfﬁ?%e.i~m ; .u  .. um“, .

 

 

