 

M“ r... -

,_.. Ev} «.1 _4.

 

.! v. y‘<..~. (W'V‘N ‘
.m-,~....MM._.....

than»... u.- veer?»

 

“I.

Graduatlon In spite of the rain. Upper Iott, keynote speaker Sen. Lowell VlalcltorMppor
rlght. the rain sets In. Below, prop-rho tor the tuture.

 

t

SERVING §UN

STUYVESANT JEWELERS
THE UNIVERSITY‘S #l JEWELER

“Fast and efficient watch and jewelry repair

 

 

by Audrey, Seldrnon

Graduation was not the awesome Sunday June ﬁrst I was expecting, NO
tears. no glorious feelings of relief. No throbbing memories of four you.
passed fleeting through my mind. Ijust sat there. occasionally checking out
the reactions around me. and hoping the storm would at least wait until my
tassel switched sides. .

And so began Louis T. Benezet’s Inst stand. Connecticut‘s Senator Lowcll
Weicker echoes as he gavethe usual “State of the Union.” graduation speech.
a let‘s-make-our-country-better. now-it's-your-turn~to-try exhortionAn
innovation allowing the graduation class president to speak led to the
appearance or Linda Weinstock. who. perched on her stool. began. “Four
years and ten thousand dollars ago. . .“ Questioning whether all quads in.-
really created equal. Linda discussed the difference between the “real world"
and the “campus world".

The rude transition in lifestyle which many face seems to support it...
dichotomy. One of my friends just bought half a new wardrobe and mun
makeup to startjob hunting. Some have gone back to the f0lks.olhcrs nL'\ c.
will. Many sit on pins and needles waiting for that interview. or that school
acceptance.for the first time not knowing what they will be doing next
September. 5

I havenot suffered this transition yet. as I spend my second summer in
Albany. visitingthc armpus and feeling as if I still belongand will never IL'tnc.
But I know I must. as I will enter the security of one more year in It LIlIIL‘chll
campus world (yet feeling the insecurity ofit's strangeness). emerging It to.”
later with an M.A. to fight my way into the “real world" with.

Alas. as Linda continued. the real sky opened up and rain fell. Momxuntl
Duds put up the umbrellas. Protected by ourcaps and gowns. which hnulh
served a utilitarian purpose. we sat. mostly unbothered. The President cltosc
to use his magical invocation which was essentially: “All rise. \VIIIIIL‘H‘I
degree you came for. you've get it. Run for the hills!“

So. that was it. hub'.’ The great dispersion. As caps and gowns scullcrcd to
many directions I realized I‘d never see ninty percent of them again. .mtl
didn't even get a chance to say good-bye to many. it takes a few weeks to Ict~|
the real effects of graduation-A the ptrrtings. You know its over It hen your
best friends are scattered at schools and jobs all over the country ll not lllc
"real world" it will at least be a new world.

The rain stopped. There was an exchange ofa few addresses. all'cctionntc
good-byes. and picture. pictures. pictures. And as all the pul‘clllx.
grandparents. siblings. uncles. and future ln-IIIWS faded away. I suddcnh
realized. “Hey. we didn‘t even get a chance to sing the Alma Mater."

ﬂ

 

 

Should I Corry. . .

 

ﬂAble to accomodate all yourjewelry needs
wWith three other area locations:
IColonlo Mtg. Jewelers

Colonre Center
Albany. N.Y.

 

STUDENT HEALTH
INSURANQL

 

 

0Mohawk Jewelers
Mohawk Mall
Schenectady. NY.

oGetn Jewelers

Shoporama
Schenectady, N.Y.

CH
é

 

 

 

WED, IULY 9
WED, IIILY 30 18.8 pm LC-l9

WATCH MERV GRIFFIN
MONDAYJIILY 1
at 4:30 on Channel 10

featuring Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. special guest
‘ I. 

As an introductory lecture on the Transcenden-
tal Meditation Program in your own home.

Special follow-up lecture
I pm LC-l9

 

for Info call 438-5550

 

PAGE EIGHT

1

If I Hove Other Coverage?

Because we pay first dollar costs for:
* PRESCRIBED MEDICINES
*LABORATORY WORK

* DOCTOR VISITS
PLUS MANY FAVORABLE BENEFITS COVERING ACCIDENTS
AND SICKNESS (WITHIN POLICY LIMITS)

1975-76 PREMIUM IS $53.00. PAYABLE $26.50 PER SEMESTER.
MAY BE PAID WITH OTHER CHARGES THROUGH THE

BURSAR‘S OFFICE.

COVERAGE IS WORLD-WIDE. 24 HOURS A DAY. 12 MONTHS
A YEAR, INCLUDING TRAVEL TIME AND VACATIONS.

COMPLETE DETAILS ARE DESCRIBED IN THE INSURANCE
PAMPHLET AVAILABLE AT THE STUDENT INSURANCE
OFFICE, CAMPUS CENTER ROOM “[8.

L_.__......_...._...____..... ——-——-—
I _.._..._...__..___..__.__......._..._.... ._.___

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

1

SUMMER, 1975

SA Denies  :Rec‘ognitt  ’V

by Matt Knufrnan

At the close of the spring semester,
Pat Curran. last year's Student
Association President. refused
recognition to the Collegiate
Association for the Research of
Principles (CARP).. CARP ﬁrst
appeared at SUNYA last year, and
since that time has received many ac-
cusations of being a detrimental ele-
ment to the student body here.
Allegations of brainwashing and
harassment of students. and the
seemingly unethical morals of their
leader Rev. Sun Myung Moon form—
ed the basis for Mr. Curran‘s deci-
sion.

In a memorandum explaining his
decision. Curran stated“. . .lwish
to stress to my successor. Andy
Bauman. to members ofthc l975-76
Central Council. and to all future
leaders of Student Association that
this group underthc name ofCARP.
or quite possibly some other, and
any organiration which is harmful to
students in the way this one is. must
never be granted Student Associa-
tion recognition or any opportunity
to function on campus."

CARP was founded over twenty
years ago by Rev. Sun Myung
Moon. and is now centered in South
Korea. The group was initiated in
New York State at Columbia Un-

iversity. where it gained recognition
in November I973. Since then, the
group has spread throughout the
state. gaining acceptance on many
school campuses. The goals of the
group are clearly stated in a recent
publication from its Columbia Un-
iversity headquarters. They are:

—Rcviva| of Judeo-Christian
tradition—in consideration of the
social unrest in the US over the past
decade. it appears that the citizens
have been alienated from God and
the Judeo-Christian ethic this coun-
try was supposedly founded on. . .
It is one of the primary aims of
CARP to reunite America to this
principle. thereby re-establishing the
US in “ . . . her goal of responsible
service to the world."

—Unification of the sciences and
religion—that is. science is to
provide the basis for life. and
religion is to give life purpose and
meaning.

»~—Rcvitalimtion ofeducation—to
help man gain happiness through
education.

«Unification of Eastern and
Western cultumw helping promote
cultural exchanges between the East
and the West.

New criticism of Com-
munism-this is one of the major
points relevant to CARP. that it is

strongly anti-Communist. Accor- ~-

ding to CARP, Communism is It

negative force out to destroy the free ’ '

will of man and deprive him of the
freedoms of life. liberty and the pur-
suit of happiness.

—Promotion of infonnation of
the university system—to help the
students understand their role in the
university system.

With such a seemingly sound
ideological basis, it is hard to unders-
tand at first glance why CARP did
not gain recognition. But closer in-
spection reveals that the group is not
as altruistic as it appears to be.

Over the past few years. Rev. Sun
Myung Moon has been the target of
much criticism, such as being a sex
maniac. One complaint has been
that Rev. Moon is using ths
organization merely as a profit-
sccking device. citing references to
the estates of land he haspurchused
over the past few years.

CAR P itselfhas recently come un-
der critical attack concerning the
case of Terry Murray. a freshman at
SUNYA during the l974-75 school
year. he was indoctrinnted by CARP
and was prepared to join one of their
communes. To do this. he would
have had to leave school and his
parents (it should be noted that for
an organimtion to encourage it stu-

AUDIT: Mohawk Campus Future Unclear

by David Winlclbcrg

Some of SUNYA‘s "get—away-
trom~it—u|l“ facilities (Le. Mohawk
('ntnpus anti the (lien House at hip-
pikill) could be disposed of by the

rctrctrts‘ owners. FSA.

This possibilty was brought about
by ll sttttc audit report on thc finan-
cial and operating practices of the
faculty-Student Associations in thc

 

02hr
r iltm
234 Washi
We’ll
blow

I. ()C/I

'I‘hurs~SIIt
ll p.m. to I run.

Ncu politttn 8L Sicilian

ji'om

 

QDutsihr

your

THE OUTSIDE INN

#

JONATHAN’S PIZZA INC.

31 No. Pearl Street
ANNOUNCES 'l'lllz‘ (ill/IN!) ()l’lfN/Nt/ ()F A NEW

A 'l' 79] MADISON A VENUE (NE/l R QUA IL ST.)
()N .IUL Y 6.

OPEN 7 DAYS A WliliK

l)l:‘I.ll"l;'I\’lI'.'S from ll ll.ll‘l. to II p.m.
7 days a week

Cull 463-5 [00

N.Y.(' Style PIZZA

()lFR Nt). l’li/llt'l. .S'I'Ult'lz' IS ()I’I'JN I)/III.I'

ngton Ave.

socks
off!

 

 

'I‘I()N

Sun-ch
ll run. to II p.m.

(sMAtt & LARGE)

9-6

 

 

SUMMER, 1978

SlJNY system. The audit. cotnpilcd
by State Controller Artltttr Levitt.
places a major focus on tltc similttr
recreation areas throughout the
State University system. Some of
these were operating scvcrul thou-
sand dollars in the rctl.

The audit report recommends
closing many SUNY recreational
facilities: “'l'hc FSA‘s. in their
dccisions to purchase and create
recreation lucilitics for which there is
little ncctl by students. havc burden-
cd fultu'c students with the high cost
of maintaining the facilities. III our
opinion the FSA‘s should liquidate
their investments in recreational
facilities with low student use.“

SA President Andy Ilauman feels
that Mohawk should be given a “fair
chuncc”. and recommends \vaitingtt
ycn r before taking a ny ttClltl n against
the facility. llatnnttn believes that it
these facilities are publicized and
“sold” to students they will be more
financially sound itt tltc future. ilc
ndds. “I'd hate to get rid of anything
good."

SUNYA‘s FSA-owncd
recreational areas are icportcd to
cost it round $40,000 annually
because of thc fucilitics. failure to
show any profit for lltcir services.
The audit reports that Mohawk
Campus has lost $306,040 in five
years.

()thcttlutn the questionable future
of SUNYA's recreation areas. the
audit report was. Ill he \vordsof FSA

Director 'IE. Norbert 74mm. “higth '

comphtncntnry" of Albany‘s FSA
bookkeeping and management.
Zahm said that thc I‘SA hcrc wos“in
danger of bankruptcy three or four
years ago." and boasted that the
auditor's “seemed quite impressed"
with the progress. llttumtrn ugrccd
Ilutt the recovery was impressive. ad-
ding. " l hcy'vc turned it around.“

lhc audit report ulso recommend-
crl tlisohing the holding function of
lhc I‘SA'» lhc I‘SA kccpsmoncy on
deposit lor vttriotts funding
pt ogrtt Ins. grunts. scholarship funds.
llrc illltIll t'ccommcudcd llltll FSA
\\t)l'k something ottl with tllc univer-
sin foundation to lllllltlll: thcsc
lunds.

dent to liaverlehool '-  1 -
policy. Ind narcissist mmrn ‘
He was evenntally de-eonditionedz ,

and decided not to join CARP, after
which he complained of being
harassed by CARP members.

In Curran‘s memorandumeoncerr

ning the issue of CAR P‘s recognition
it was noted that CARP employs

brainwashing techniques which rob

an individual of his or her free will
and ability to make choices. These
techniques. used knowingly. include
isolating individuab. preying on
their fatigue and insecurity and
stressing the uncertainty of life.
Questions and expressiqu of doubt
or disagreement are stiﬂed. Lectures
are intended to cause students to
relate the information they hearonly
to the lecture itself. and not to their
past experiences and knowledge.
This training results in the aliena-
tion ofindividuals to the point where
they do not even trust their own
minds. They believe that the devil is
working within them. Rev. Moon is
set up as II messiah during the lee-

' ture. Students are taught that Satan

works throughtheir parcntsand that
their parents should not be listened
to. Such brainwashing and mind
control techniques used by CARP
have caused many students. in-
cluding complainant Terry Murray.

The metno also notes
rebuttal to thiI.1CARP_rep
tative Walter Rut“ suited 
refused to have hlmuylabe! or tr ‘ .
"brainwashed zombie”, hethlnlu for _
himself and does as he pleases. III! I
parents raw Barrytawn and were this»
pressed. and saw nothing wrong With
the program. II: said the group
would not exist if It did not him:
something to soy. responding to the
charge that leaders seemed to have
answers to every question. ’ The
church teaches individual thought}
and free will. like any other church.
Studying the Divine Principle entails
reading the Bible and examining
one'r thoughts. If something doesn't
make sense. then something is miss-
ing. Walter also said. regardlng the
mental state of members and the
suicide: mentioned earlier. that there
are thousands of people In the
organization: CA RP cannot be held
accountable jbr persons who com-
In itletl .rut't‘t'tle who happened to be
mt'nrhers. Ht- granted that the
seminar is'a very intense religious ex-
perience. "Four (suicides) out of
Iltuttsuntlx is not a hurl record."

SA leaders working through summer. From left: Presldent Andy
Bauman. VP Rlck Meckler. Controller Stu Kloln.

Rape Group Has Anniversary

by (Jynde Gregory

Albany Women Against Rape
(AWARE) begun nearly two years
ago. It is the product of it study
group on rape which was spawned
by a women's organization ca Ilcd the
Capitol District Wotnctt. In July of
last year. Fraytr Kntt. a member of
the organinrtion. cullcd a meeting to
consider the possibilities of a rape
crisis center for tltc Albany area.
There was little response to this
meeting. bttt the response toa subse—
quent meeting held in August was
solid. At that meeting. AWARE
came into being.

liour committees were establish-
cd; It medical committee. now
chaired by Susan langdon. ll lcgtrl
cottttttittcc. now chaired by lletty
Kcmmcr. a training com-
Inittcc.chuircd by Nancy Dudley.
(icncrttl meetings an: held the first
and third Sunday of each month.
lire chairperson is selected monthly
on it rotating basis.

AWARE is concerned with the
victitn of ft min“. When tr woman is
subject to it tape. it is important that
she fch tltc support and concern of
other womcn.A rttpc victim can call
the hotlinc collch III 3934105 tItIy
cvcniug between 7:00 p.m. and 3:00
u.m. She can receive counseling to
help her decide whether to go to the
hospital (encouraged because of
possible complications. such as
venereal disease or pregnancy).
whether to go to the police and

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

whether to prosecute heruggrcssor.
Iftr victim should decide to go to the
police. ll member of AWARE will
accompany her. and if she
prosecutcs. she will have the support
of AWARE. She is neither en—
couragcd to nor discouraged from
reporting to the police. It is a deci-
sion she must make alone. but a
counselor can help her know what to
cxpcct in the cventslrc docsdecide to
follow through with a prosecution.
AWARE‘s counselors are prepared
to help the victim deal with her
feelings. hcr confusion. 'anger or
guilt.

Forty-five counselors have been
trained in three trtrining sessions.
twenty of which or active on the
roster. Irtrining consists ofun inten-
sive weekend session. and a followup
session. The weekend session in-
volves conciousncss raising. legal
and medical presentations. and role-
pltrying. in which the trainee plays
the victim and then the counselor.
'l'hc trttincc must do counseling with
at member of the training committee.
L-‘ztch trainee must give references
which are checked. Men are
welcome to become members of
AWARIE. but can not ouc-to-one
counch with the victim. as this may
be uncomfortable for the woman.

AWARE is run entirely by
volunteers. It is supported by
various generous donations. and
receives money from a memorial
fund

PAGE NINE . ,

 

 

 

