 

   

   
  
    
    
  

Peyton Place

'tiine French television. ‘
-’ The pull of the oldies. many of
~ them U.S.' imports.- is inexplicable to
officials   r = . _
.‘The success of Maniﬁxis any.”
' said Daniel‘Martinet. of the Center
' for the Study of Opinion which com-

plieaTV ratings.“Peoplelikeit more ' '

than‘anything else except ﬁlms and
the news. As for Peyton Place. we're
probably the last country in the

. world to see it. and yet it'sclimbing

rapidly."

The state broadcasting monopoly
known as the “ORTF', created by
the Gaullists in I964, was dissolved
by the new regime of President
Valery Giscard d‘Estaing at the end
of I974. It had been plagued by
strikes and political interference.
and its ﬁnancial affairs were in such
a mess no one could pin down the
deﬁcit.

It was replaced by three TV com-
panies and one radio organization.
all supposedly ﬁnancially indepen-
dent but all still owned by the state.
The idea was to free French televi-
sion from political domination by
the government and improve its
quality all around.

Government spokesman Andrew
Rossi said recently. “The reform of
the broadcasting system is perhaps
the most important one affecting
political mores in the past 30 years."
But the politicians are still grumbl-
ing. and a recent poll showed that
half the viewers felt nothing has
changed from the days of the ORTF.

- and-white set and $48 a year for

 

. .- An hour of Mannix costs S7.lfli ;
n‘ on- 7' to air. including French dubbing. It‘ '
,' eh' oa»the'tuh‘e.to watchfoun
year-eruption of Manninwhich' ‘

consistently is watched by twice as

litany people as an hour of French '

drama.- which officials said costs

'3! IQM.‘

The system is'ﬁnanced front-
viewing fees of $32a year for a black-

   
     
  
   
   
    
 
   

color. pill incomefrorn advertising.

‘ Pro and anti-government forces in
the National Assembly recently
refined to approve the broadcasting
budut for l976,'essentially because

  

 

each claimed the ‘other was as...

more air time. A second debate is '

scheduled. ' -

There havebeen innovations since ‘

television was decentralised. The

’ communist and Socialist opposition

now gets in the news. with seven
hours of combinedair time in the
ﬁrst half of the year against nine
hours for the president. the premier
and their supports.

There was a successt late night
variety program from the top of an
slp. and debates on homosexuality.

u

minim... a. .fanalm

Gay Exposure Ruins Govt Defense

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) When
Eisha Marsh stepped before televi-
sion news cameras to publicly
acknowledge his homosexuality.
lawyer James Stauffer began to
redraw his game plan.

Stauffer, counsel for the Depart-
ment of Defense. watched quietly as
Marsh. 36. shot down a time-tested
argument used by the government in
denying requests by gays for security
clearances. A homosexual with
access to national security
documents. the Pentagon has con-
tended is a prime target for
blackmail and coercion.

But Marsh, an electronics techni-
cian who says he needs a clearance to
do his job. was following a recent
trend by gays to freely admit their
sexuality and elirrrinate blackmail as
a possibility. He told his supervisors
at work. his father. his ex-wife and.
now. he was telling everybody else at
a new conference.

“I guess this makes methe bogey
man here." said Staufl'eras he smiled
and puffed on a cigarette.

Stauffer is used to his job. Only
three days earlier, he had argued at
another Defense Department hear-
ing that another civilian homosexual
engineer. Allan L. Rock. should be
stripped of his top-secret clearance.

Stauffer says the government does
not automatically refuse security
clearances to homosexuals but says
they come under far greater scrutiny.
“We are concerned with anything
unrausl." he said. “Homosexuality
is unusual. We are not are to crudfy
anyone."

Rock and Marsh are civilians.
Bach rnsn works at an electronic
firm that has government contracts.

PAGE TWO

and each called a news conference to
argue that hissexual orientation has
nothing to do with his job.

Rock. 46. had held a security
clearance for l7 years when he ad-
mitted to government investigators
in I972 that he was gay. The Defense
Department revoked his clearance.
saying it was no longer “clearly con-
sistent with national interest." Rock
told the news media he was gay and
argued before a federal examiner
that his news conference eliminated
any potential for blackmail. The ex-
aminer agreed but upheld the
revocation on the ground that. by
admitting he had engaged in
homosexual acts. he thereby con-
fessed to breaking state laws
prohibiting such acts. Rock won a
federal court order restoring his
clearance. Supreme Court Justice
William J. Brennan then granted a
stay protecting his job and his
clearance pending the results of
another hearing held late last month.

Ntst Laws

Richard S. Farr. who served as
examiner in both cases. says he ex-
pects to reach decisions bythe ﬁrst of
the year. Marsh contended at his
heating that laws against private
homosexual acts “in reality are not
laws because they are not enforced
by district attorneys or police."

California has repealed such laws
effective January I.

Stauffer argued against granting
Marsh a security clearance because
Marsh was arrested in l97i in a
public restroon in San Jose. The ex-
Marine was charged with lewd con-
duct. ﬁned Std and placed on two
years probation.

The Defense Department said in

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

November I974 the arrest “reﬂects
criminal conduct" and declined to
issue a clearance. Marsh appealed.
contending the arrest was “an
isolated incident that occurred dur-
ingthe difﬁcult and traumatic transi-
tion from a heterosexual marriageto
the homosexual world."

He said he has had a stable gay
relationship with another man for
the past year and that his employ-
ment and ﬁnancial records indicated
long-time stability and reliability.
His ex-wife testified at the hearing
on his behalf.

Rock. on the other hand. has no
arrest record but freely concedes he
has broken state sex laws in private
for the past 10 years. He contended
the laws were unconstitutional
because they violated his right to
privacy.

“I do not feel any dutyto obey an
unconsitutional statute." he said.

Rock. Marsh and others contend
that as long as the homosexualtiy is
openly acknowledged. the issue of
blackmail is moot. Both men told the
hearing examiner that attempts to
coerce them would be reported to the
FBI immediately.

Stauffer counters that an
applicant's homosexuality is “highly
relevant."

In his closing argument at one
hearing. Stauffer said: "In the realm
of homosexuality. there are some of
a reckless. irresponsible or wanton
nature. We have a responsibility to
keep these people away from vital
defense secrets."

Rock and Marsh contend theyhre
victims of asweeplnggcnerallzatlon.
Stsuifer disagrees. All three await
Farr's decisions.

 
 

  
  

     
 

Molueesn Extremists Release Children .
AMSTERDAM. The Nsthsrlant (AP) The last four children held in the
Indonesian consulate walked to freedom tonight after ﬁve days under the

am of South Molrsecsn extremists. police reported. The release left between
l5 and 20 adult hostages still in the building and more than 30 other hostages
aboard a hijacked train in Berlin. in nothern Holland. Tire gunmen want
Holland to sponsor a U.N. drive to 't Indonesia to give the South Molucca
islands independence. But the Dutch have no direct control over Indonesia, a
former colony.

Ford Aims for Calling on Government Spending
WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford. back at his desk after his Asian trip,
was described today as still determined to veto any tax cut bill that does not
contain a ceiling on government spending. Press Secretary Ron Nessen said
Ford would discuss with his economic policy board what steps will be
necessary “to persuade Congress to put a ceiling on federal spending.“ The
Senate Finance Committee will begin work Wednesday on a House-passed
bill callingforanextension oftaxcuts ofabout $13 billioninthe next year for
individual taxpayers.

Stevens Assures Senate of His Health

WASHINGTON (AP) Judge John Paul Stevens assured the Senate
Judiciary committee today at hearings on his nomination to the Supreme
Court that he is fully recovered from open-heart surgery last year. "If I had
any doubt whatever about my physical capacity. I would not be sitting here
today," the 55-year-old jurist testiﬁed. Sen. James O. Eastlund. D-Mi35.,
committee chairman. had said Stevens was "a very ﬁne. lawyer. a very ﬁne
judge and a man of high moral standards."

Kissinger Faces Contempt Resolution

WASHINGTON (AP) A compromise offer from President Ford to head off
contempt action against Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger was rejected
today by the chairman of the House intelligence committee. Rep. Otis G.
Pike. D-N.Y.. said the House might vote on a contempt resolution against
Kissinger as early as this week if the committeeagrees with him Tuesday that
Ford's new offer is unacceptable and that he should ask for a House vote. In a
compromise from the administration's position Nov. 20. Ford‘s counsel

 operations that had been requested by the

Schizophrenia Traced to Biochemistry

SANTA MONICA. Calif.. (AP) Researchers say they have amassed
conclusive evidence that most schizophrenia is caused by chemical
imbalances in the brain and tends to be hereditary. “We now have a steady
stream of new data and information instead of just a simplistic theory." said
Dr. William E. Bunney of the National Institute of Mental Health during a
conference here. Dr. Seymour Kety. a Harvard University
psychopharmacologist in whose honorthe gathering was held. said there are
three main lines of research contributing to the belief that mental disorders
are biochemical in origin. Kety said there is now “conclusive evidence" of
hereditary influence in most schizophrenia and many cases of manic
depression.

Disturbance at Onondaga Penitentiary

JAMESVILLE. N.Y. (AP) A disturbance was reported among inmates at
the Onondaga County Penitentiary Monday. but the nature and extent of the
problem was not immediately known. Firemen from volunteer companies
put out a fire in a cell-block. accordingto penitentiary Commissioner James
DcStefano. who initially had nothing further to say about the situation. But
DcStefano said that Sunday night a group of guards and inmates scufﬂed
when an inmate was found his diningarea when he was not supposed to be.

Carey Proposes State Tax Increases

NEW YORK (AP) Gov. Hugh L. Carey says that his plan to class a $700
million gap in the state budget tax will include new business taxes but not ii
hike in the state's four per cent sales tax. "I've tried to design a program of
revenues which does not fall severely on anyone." he said. “Currently, it
contains no provisions for a statewide sales tax." The proposed new taxes.
which will be presented to the legislature Tuesday. are also part of a plan to
rescue four state construction agencies that need $160 million by next
Monday to avoid default.

Village Gate Challenges New Nudity Law

NEW YORK(AP) The Village Gate. a theater cabaret in Greenwich Village.
says it will challengethe State Liquor Authority’s ruling banning total nudity
in places that sell alcoholic beverages. Art D'Lugoff. the owner. said he will
seek a federal court injunction this week to block the SLA's Dec. 12
cancellation order. The nightspot has been staging the sexually explicit
musical. “let My People Come’" which the SLA said last week was lewd and
indecent and in violation of its regulation. D'Lugoff said the SLA rulinB
violated the Constitutional rights of free speech.

Rock Oct: Pleas Guilty to Felony Charge .
POUGHKEEPSIE. NY. (AP). Dr. William Abruzzi. known as the “Rock
Doc” of the Woodstock rock festival. was sentenced to ﬁve years in prison
today on his guilty plea to having illicit sexual contact with a female patient.
Abruui, 49. pleaded guilty last Monday to a charge of sexual abuse involvins
the patient. a plea that satisﬁed other charges in the indictment, includins
rape and sodomy. Abruui was indicted in March I914 on the charts“
lnvoivingthree women patients at his Wappingm Falls ofﬁce.

DECEMBER 9. 1975

   
  

    

 

 
    
  

  
 
 

F The cancellation of this semester's

Assessment of Courses and Teachers
(ACT) due to lack of student
‘volunteers has raised important
questions about whether or not stu-
dent evaluations —~ or evaluations of
any sort — are a requirement here at
SUNYA.

According to Robert Frey, Assisv

tant Dean of Undergraduate
Studies. “There is no university re-
quirement that every teacher be
evaluated. But it is strongly implied
since evaluations'are required for
promotions and tenure."

In fact. although evaluations of in-
structors are highly encouraged by
the administration the only written
provisions for such evaluations are
found in the guidelines for the
Council on Promotion and Con-
tinuing Appointments. Front this
council's guidelines on Admistrative
Procedures and Responsibilties it
states that “All students must be
given an opportunity to make
evaluations in every class each
term." This however is applicable
only for those faculty members who
are up for promotion or tenure.

Guidelines are not law in this un-
iversity. They are very strong

 

[recommendations which cannot ae-
Ptually be enforced. IHetiry’ Mau, 1d
the Personnel Department feels‘that
this guideline. “implies a recommen-
dation for everybody because it is so
broadly worded.”

Vice President of Academic Af-
fairs Phillip Sirotkln and Assistant

they do use their own evaluation '

form for‘thsir laboratory classes.

'Coekrell was surprised-to learn
that ACT was all prepared to run
1this semester and that ACT IV was
'cancelled because of a lack of stu-
dent volunteers to administer the
questionnaires. “I feel that if

Dean Freyconcurthatevaluationof ’departments had realized that

the courses is the primary respon-
sibility of academic divisions. There
is no administrative body that
“checks up" to see if evaluations are
used only by the department
chairmen and the reviewors of an in-
structor's qualifications for promo-
tion or tenure.

Regardless of the lack of an ab-
solute rule on evaluations. most
students do ﬁnd themselves ﬁlling
out different evaluation forms for
each department. The philosophy.
nursing. comparative world
literature. biology and computer
science departments are all using the
ACT evaluation as their departmen-
tal evaluation.

Marcia Cockrell of the biology
department says that ACT is used
because it is the easiest evaluation
for the department to run. The
biology department is satisﬁed with
the ACT questionnaire; although

 

Dianne Pichd. elected to the SASU Executive Committee during a
recent Student Assembly Conference at SUNY Buffalo.

everything was ready to go they may
have done the evaluations
departmentally,” she said.

Cockrell was disappointed that
ACT was unable to publish this
semester. “The administration asked
us to include student evaluations in
ﬁles for promotion." she said. “that's
one of the vital bits of information.
Cockrell suggested that since the ad-
mistration wanted student
evaluations for their promotion and

tenure ﬁles that perhaps they should '

help with the distribution of the
ACT questionairres.

Vice President Sirotkin felt that
the ACT survey was more objective
if it was run entirely by the students.
However. he liked the idea of such a
proposal possibly being presented to
the University Senate rather than it
being strictly an administrative deci-
sion. “I would like to see a body of
the Senate propose it." he said. “I
think it is useful for everybody.”

Professor Rotundo of the English
department was not personally in
favor of the Senate requiring such an
evaluation because she felt it was an
impingement on her academic
freedom to decide how she should

 
     

 
  

   
  
 
   
    
  

  

      
     

 

 

 

   

  

   

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Although evaluations of Instructors to highly  by the ad-
ministration, the only written provisions for them are lnthegtddslnse
of the Council on Promotion and Corttlntlng Appointments.

use her class time.

Meanwhile ACT is busily
reorganizing for next semester. In-
stead of three people running the
operation. as they had this semester.
they now have seven people working
on ACT who will be able to dedicate

a good deal of time getting coopera-
tion from both faculty and students.
Oddly enough. ACT seemsto receive
much more cooperation from facul-
ty than they dostudertts. While ACT
docs receive rejections of their re-

cominued on page four

Factions Clash at SASU Meeting

b . .
sclegalcsToI'Eer” Eined SASU-

Student Assembly membership
mccting held in Buffalo on
December 5. 6 and 7 passcdsome im-
iportant legislation in between rou-
|ndrs ofa fuctional light that took up
most of their time and energies.
The most emotional issues were
the denial of ten delegate seats to
members of the Third World Caucus
and the accusation that SASU-
Assembly president Robert
Kirkpatrick httd misspent Assembly
funds. Both of these issues wcreticd

 

lﬂlt’l‘f'flt't.‘ Lopez recently resigned
his post as SAS U Communications
Director.

Enrollment Declines as Budget Tightens

by Marc che

According to SUNYA Ad-
missions Director Rodncy Hurt.
there will he I65 new students enroll-
ing next semester. This figure shows
a cut from the original projected
ﬁgure of 250.

Hart attributed this decrease to
reevaluation of such needs as the
budget. student services. housing
demands. and financial aid. The
effects are evident throughout the
entire SUNY system. Binghumton
responded by cutting its spring
enrollment figure. Buffalo froze
tltcir‘s. However, Stony Iiroolt open-
ed its enrollment to 1.400 for new
students.

“We haven't established firm
enrollment goals for the full term."
suid Hurt. but he projected 1.900
new freshmen and 900 transfers; the
same figure as last full.

Suggestion Offered

Director of Residences John Wel-
ty recently suggested emphasizing
upper division and graduate enroll-
ment as it method of softening the
housing dcmttnd. Hurt said that
Welty's suggestion "is not so

DECEMBER 9, 1975

different from the trend in which we
are moving." That trend is toward
60% enrollment upper division and
40% lower 'division on 'thc un-
dergraduate level.

Hart pointed out that while the
undergraduate level is essentially
static. growth is present at the
graduate level. where there is no
housing problem. However. he said
that student demand is much
stronger at the freshman level where
there are l5—16.000 applicants as op-
posed to 8.500-9.000 transfer
applicants. Lowering freshman
enrollment would serve to increase
the already stiff competition.

The number of students admitted
is dependent upon continuing stu-
dcnt needs. depart mental needs. rule
of graduation. attrition. cohort sur-
vival. and 'rute of return of the
applicants. For example. it has been
found that 12% of all "A" students
admitted decide to mutriculutc. The
data is collected by Institutional
Pt-scurch and the Admissions
Department itself. Because of chang-
ing f actors. this research is an ongo-
ing process. "You can pump in the

some number of students two years.
and get different rcsults."suid Hart.

According to Hart. students are
admitted on the basis of their high
school average. rank in class. SAT
scores. RSE scores. and the Regents
exams. Hart said that the average
SUNYA student is a high quality
student. The average high school
composite is 9l%; and class rank is
generally within the top 10%.

Lower Scores

According to Hurt. mean RSI;
and SAT scores are lower this year
reflecting lower scores throughout
the stale and the nation. Regents ex-
ttms used to be averaged in with the
composite higlt school average. But
he said. presently there is much less
emphasis on them for a number of
reasons: the theft of the Regents ex-
am in l974; difficulty to staff the
work required to calculate the
averages; and the increasing number
of students who do not take them.

“We've stopped using Regentsus a
ﬁnal screening device. We cycbull
them and put most of the emphasis
on SAT and RSE scores. and the
high school average." said Hart.

to the internal B‘ower ., la s
attempted over the wee 'éhdi‘ 5’

Kirkpatrick called the charges
against him politically motivated
and said they would be proved false.
His accusers say he spent money
frivolously and implied that he or his
friends pocketed some of it.

The charges against Kirkpatrick
will be investigated byaspccialcom-
mittcc voted subpoena powers by the
membership. In a thirty-eight page
packet circulated privately at the
meeting Friday night, he was ac-
cused of misusing Student Assembly
funds. Kirkpatrick did not see the
written accusation until Saturday
morning.

“Peter Comcuu dumped it on my

lap at breakfast," said Kirkpatrick.
"He said ‘You had better read this'
and then walked away."
Ten seats reserved for Third World
delegates went unﬁlled as student
leaders worried about the legality of
the resolutions that cnfranchiscd the
Caucus last June.

Acompromiscsolution was reach-
ed Sundayin the Student Assembly.
on ofﬁcial agency spawned by
SUNY Central. The compromise
will determine whether caucus
members get votes in SASU.whichis
unindcpcndently-formed coalitionof
studcnt governments. If the SUNY
Board of Trustees approves the
resolution passed by the Assembly.
SASU will also seat the ten minority
representatives. The compromise
was reached in an attempt to keep
the membership of both
organizations whose memberships
virtually overlap parallel.

Much of the other business before
the student groups was passed fairly
quickly.

Three vacancies on SASU‘s Ex-
ecutive Committee were ﬁlled. one
of them with 'iAlbany delegate
Diunnc Pichc. The Executive Com-
mittee hires SASU staff and sets
policy between meetings of the
membership. The twelve-person

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS



\

comrpnitgee also includes SUNYA SA
President Andy Bauman and Linda
Kaboolian, another SASU represen-
tative from Albany.

SASU‘s legislative platform for
I976, normally among the most
hotly-dcbatcd issues at winter
meeting was passed last Sunday.
However. according to SASU Vice
President Stuart Haimowitz. none
of the delegates found time over the
Weekend tocome to brieﬁngs held by
SASU‘s legislative directors.

The platform, as approved by the
SASU membership, calls for- the
organization‘s lobbyists to oppose
increases in tuition and seek its com-
plete elimination at all public
colleges and universities by I979.
Opposing room rent ltikcs or new
fees will also be an automatic priori-
ty for the SASU ofﬁcers and staff.
They also plan to ﬁght any attempt
by the state legislature to eliminate
or regulate the mandatory student
activity fee.

The fourth and ﬁnal priority the
membership decided upon was op-
position to any cutbacks in ﬁnancial
aid.

In addition. the program calls for
maintaining the present level of ser-
vices provided by SUNY. With the
present level of inflation. this would
require budget increases across the
board.

The state legislature will also be
asked to amend Tuition Assistance
and Regents Scholarship Program
regulations to make more students
eligible for the aid.

0n the non-ﬁscal side of the plat-
form. most important was the en-
dorsement of a bill which would
allow students to register to vote in
the towns where they attend college.

Although SASU‘s lobbyists will
work on the bill. they'll also be part
of a drive to register voters where-
cver they live. SASU delegate
authorized the executiveto work out
a relationship with the National Stu-

comirmerl on page/our

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

