 

 

Thurs., Fri., Sat. Marh 13, 1, 15

$.75 w/ State Quad card
$1.25 w/out

Show Time ‘
7:30 & 10:00 pm.

in LC-7

Please Come Early

 

Also Please Note Schedule Changes: Cancelled:

April 10
April 11
April l2

2001: A Space Odyssey
They Shoot Horses Don't They

April 25
April 26

“The RA Expeditions"
“The Golden Voyages of Sinbad”
Schlitz Brewery Present “Escape to Movie Orgy"

Funded by State duad Association

siesta...
cl Potatoes: ‘

Where There's
Smoke..."

by Don Seitlcl '

- For years. the government has been telling
us that marijuana is the scourge of youth. and
the story is so old, that nobody believes it but
the gnvemment. The most current example of
this is the not so recent report made by
Senator James Eastland of the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee. His conclusions are
personal, but they undoubtedly reﬂect the
manner of thinking behind the maintenance of
the current marijuana laws.

It was Eastland‘sopinion that the "cannabis
epidemic" Was getting so out of hand that the
nation‘s young people were turning
themselves into a generation of “semi-
zombies“ afﬂicted with weakened disease
resistance, brain damage and chromosome
destruction so devastating as to start a whole
new generation of marijuana mutants. The
seriousness with which this statement was
received is best reﬂected by ntoing that it was
printed in an obscure section of the New York
Timer. under the eye catching headline,
“Senator Eastland‘s Committee Reports.“

The government isobviously losing ground.
The present backslide is so bad. that even
government sanctioned research groups such
asthe National lnstitute for Mental Health are

~ coming up with positive reports about
marijuana. For instance. have you heard
aboutthe Jamaica study? Research among
chrome marijuana users in Jamaica has shown
that marijuana not only doesn‘t have any

‘ notable deleterious effects on its users. but
could very possibly have what might be
termed as positive motivational effects on
smokers.

currently. no where in the world is
marijuana legalized. In some places it is not
illegal. but nobody has officially regulated it.
Think about that.

If marijuana were to be .lcgalized in this
country. it would be to counter the loss of
credibility in government due to its previous
stand on marijuana. Remember the
Prohibition? Alcohol was illegal for all but
sacramental and medicinal purposes for
twelve years and the only thing that was
accomplished wastightercontrols on the retail
sales of alcohol with increased taxation. A
reversal on thepresent marijuana stance ofthc
establishment would undoubtedly include
governmental regulation of the growth and
sales of marijuana. with increased taxation.

Why sould we allow our government
another means by which they can screw us.
legally? Before we go any further. we must
rcali/c what We are lighting. We don‘t want to
be treated as criminals because our vices are
different from our cldci"s. btii do we want to
trade one form of enforcement for another?

A reform ol the national marijuana laws
would he a victory without glory. The cry
should not be legalize. but de—criminalize. We
are trying to escape restriction. so let us not
ask for more of it. it would bca travesty ifoiir
search for personal freedom under the law
ended with more regulations. but this is the
paradox we are faced with. Before marijuana
becomes another source of revenue for an
already over-blown bureaucracy. perhaps it is
time for the people to question the
government‘s right to control our personal
lives at all. rather than breath ti sigh of rclicl‘
that we might no longer be sent to jail for
something that shouldn‘t have been illegal in
the first place.

From the septa.  p K
Pressed?

With some six thousand bills left for the Legislature's consideration“an now  their
anticipated recess in June. time is not one of tlte'l'e'w commodities in am. Dotti Houses
will be pressed for time. and the daily calendar. the schedule of billsdiscusacd an the ﬂoor for any
particular day. will bepresscd, for space.

But that is not the only calendar that the representatives have to contend with during this
session. Looming ever-larger with each passing day is the Gregorian calendar. The January I
through December 3| document will guide legislative behavior to an increasing degree until
adjournment. _ ‘ .

Finally. there is the political calendar. an annual ritual with as much controversy its
importance. Without the political calendar. there are no elections. no primaries. no campaigns.
the democratic process simply stops.

These threedistinct catendarsare becoming more and more interrelated and intertwined as the
session continues. First. the daily calendar is an instrument of the power of the Senate and
Assembly Majority Leaders. By deciding when a bill will be discussed in committee. they wield
the power which decides what their houses will discuss on any day.

The date of March 3| is approaching a little too quickly forthe taste of most legislators. On
that day the 1975-76 budget is due for passage. and with Carey's recumniended budget pleasing
no one. passage will be a long and diﬂ'icult struggle. The power of the Majority Laders to set
that daily calendar will be of ever greater importance as they coax and cajole for votes in an
attempt to pass the budget by the given deadline. While there are new rules governing the houses.
there is none which mandates a bill must be heard in committee by a certain date. Thus. in
exchange for votes. the Majority Leader can promise a legislator that his bill will be on the
committee agenda in say. two weeks. That‘s a powerful bargaining tool. ,

This is where the political calendar comes in. The Assembly last week passed its version of the
political calendar. complete with a June primary. something totally anathema to the Republican
Senate. The Senate has warned that the Assembly bring their bill into that chamber “with four
pallbearers."

The Senate wants a calendar with a September primary. for no other reason than a late
primary helps incumbents. who have more resources to begin campaigning early. For the most
part. incumbents in New York State are Republicans.

Warren Anderson. the Senate‘s Majority Leader. now has the power to determine the fate of
that political calendar. simply by never putting it on a committee agenda. at least until the last
week of the session. when the bill will be ll moot point. since most of the t'ilingdeadlines will have

 

been passed. Anderson has the power to either push for his own political calendar. or push for his
own version of the budget. He cannot do both in the time he has left thus all three calendars play
a crucial role in the coming weeks.

What Anderson might do is concede on the calendar in return for a compromise on the budget.
i say an elimination of the ten cent gas tax. Whatever hedoes. he‘llexeicisc his option through his
' manipulation of the daily calendar. however. he must act by the 3lst of March. After that. it is
I too late to play politics. He's hemmed in by calendars. and no rules changes can alter that.

 

75/
///,//// /’
3', ~/
I

 

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

.1'.

Also non-

Do Come. People.

l  WW‘ W 5-" ~ I i
_ -

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' The SUNYA Nite Club & Discotheque

Invites you again to an evening of unlimited, unrivaled, fun 8. enjoyment

Featuring $L|P SH AKE, a live band playing progressive party 8. funky music

stop dancing disco music “Only So Much Oil in the Ground",

on exciting dance contest, prizes, and good people

Admission:

Get Down and “Release Yourself”

Yes, all this happens
Saturday , March 15
Brubacher Hall, Snack Bar

Drink to 3 am

$1.00 w/tax or ID

$1.50 w/oui tax or ID

Please bring tax or D

,liimlt'rl Iii" .i'ImIciiI «mutation

 

 

 

 

 

MARCH 1 1, 1975

 

 

 

 

