 

 

   

    

opens it; year with

 

 

 

      
  
 

  
  
 
 
 
     
   
    
    
     
   
 
    
 

' AMAZING KRESKIN
I $50 W/iOX 1 Ticket per tax card
$1.00 w/out .4 Tickets per person
FIRST DAY TAX CARD

ONE SHOW ONLY! HOLDERS ONLY!

TUES. SEPT. 9 8:00 P.M.
' C.C. Ballroom

sale Monday Sept. 8 in the Campus Center
Gomeroom beginning 2 pm.

  

Tickets go on

funded by S.A.

 

 

SIAIE UNIVﬂQSIIV IHEAIIQE
1915-14) season

October 8-12"--Waiting ior Godot, by Samuel Beckett directed by James M. Symons, Main iheatre

October 22-23'~-ihe Eiiect oi Gamma Rays On Man-in-lhe-Moon Marigolds by Paul Zindel
directed by James Leonard, Studio iheatre
November i9-23--~Moonchildren, by Michael Weller, directed by Edward Golden, Main iheatre

December iO-id"-'A One-Act Opera, musical director Stephen Osmond

    
 

Eebmary 18-22""365 Days, by H.W. Balk, directed by Jerome Hanley, Main iheatre
March 11-21 ""Medea, by Euripides, directed by Edward Mendus, Arena'iheatre
April 'l-ti-"'Piayboy oi the Western World, by 1M. Synge, directed by Edward Golden, Main iheatre

 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 

May 5-9""io Be Announced
iicltets:S3.00, general; $2.00 education l.0.; $1.00 SIlllY in card
Special advance ticket sale lor Sillle students only: Godot/Hadpolds - September 15, Mooncltildren - October 13
Perierlances: Wednesday luu Saturday eves: 8:00PM; Sunday matinee: 2:30PM

All Metres are in Perionnino Arts Center
For reservations, call 457-8606 Box office opens: tannin-room

Perlonntnp Arts Center State University oi New Yoilt at Albany

 

inyMtassoclaioe

 
  

WWW—WW

 

-Wmﬂm m-—. _. ._........

 

 

New Awareness

by Paul lmpoia
The Female Man - Joanna Russ (Barium)

           
      
     
       

the genre.

         
      
      
     
      

 
 

  
   
   
 
 

  

'In Science Fiction

Science ﬁction has traditionally been an extremely sexist form of
literature. But the New Wave of the '60's, with its em basis on social and
psychological concerns. raised the consciousness 0 many SF writers.
Women‘s liberation has become a new field of speculation and expression in

Naturally. many of the strongest works on this new subject have come
from women SF writers. The Female Mun. Joanna Russ‘ latest novel. is a
perfect example. The attthor employs the form and conventions of science
fiction to make a powerful statement on the situation of women in ottr
society. Male chauvinists should avoid this book. Even ifit fails to cause a
sense ol'shamc. the all-too-justificd bitterness will inspire fear.

The story line is based on the idea of alternate universes. The protagonist.
Joanna, finds herself in contact with different versions of herself living in
other worlds. Jeannine comes from a society much like our own in the recent
past. No women‘s liberation movement exists. even as an intellectual

roll/initial ull right-tr

 
 

 
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
      
   
 

 
  

   
  

 

  
   
      
    
 
  
 

 

  

SEPTEMBER 5, 1975

Parklane is the "source"

Danskin Leotards

Danskins are for everywhere and everyone.
For partying and playing, exercising and
dancing, and for just plain Wearing around.

Made of 100% easy care nylon.
Available in a rainbow of colors and

MOHAWK MALL

NORTHWAY MALL

parklane

 reams
‘Amarcord

by Hillary Kelbiclt
Ind Spence Rnggio

Reality viewed through the
transmogriiying lens of Fellini's
Camera. “Satyricon.” “Roma.”
“ill/G“ and now "Amurcord". ltalian
for “i remember". A semi:
tttttohiograpltical sketch. the
ntcmorics of a man‘s childhood
ycars~ the film is a rare cinematic
departure for the director.

Antarcord is an experience unob—
tiusivcly demanding the total in-
\‘0|\‘t:mt:ni of the audience. A cons-
Iant in Fellini‘s technique is tltc
careful selection and juxtaposition

. of otherwise unimportant details to
create a filmic montage of long
forgotten youth.

Unlike most contcntporary
movics. Amarcord has no definite
beginning. ntiddlc or end. There is
no build-up; no climax. no
dcnoumcnt instead. Fellini offers a
cyclical series of surreal imagery. os-
cillating between dream and reality.

The Classical Forum

Lost...and Found Again

Mischiitvous classroom pranks and
deeply hidden desires ofadotesccnsc
are gently recalled. along with other
painful events ol‘growing up.

The film ends its it begins. with the
arrhal of the puffs ofspring. Yet so
much has ' happened in the year
between the two springs: a boy is
rclttctantly pushed towards the
harsh realities of adulthood.
Witnessing tltc antics of a demented
uncle. as well as seeing a death in the
family. he loses the innocc'ncc dis-
played earlier in the lilnt as he
catches the first snowflake of winter
on the tip of his tongue.

Fellini‘s characters are
:trcltctypical image; ' ambignotisly
defined as to bc uniu ally familiar.
though clearly dclincatcdcnouglt to
remain lrttc to life. They cottld as
citsin be the family and trtcnds of
arty child. w hethcr he is growing up
in a small tillage in ital). or a tenc-
mcnt in New York.

 

' The picture achieves its dream-
like nostalgic effects tbrough a soft-
tocus treatment ot' its subject matter.
lltcrc are no rough cdgcs.cttch sccnc
flows smoothly into the next. The
absence of a chronological scqucnccv
ol' cvcnts does not dampen the
otcrall impact.

“.'\mat‘cord" is a refreshing film. a
sharing of a personal experience. a
glimpse ol thoughts and emotions
almost too intimate to reveal. Its
power is rctlcctcd in itsahilily towith
the characters plight.

While the use ofsu htitlcs is initial-
ly discouraging. ai'tcr the opening
scenes their presence becomes irrele-
unit to the enjoyment oi'themovic.

l‘or an introspecthc look into the
sell. as well as a change oi'pacc l'rom
llit.‘ scnsclcss exploitation ot‘t'tolcncc
and pornography. try "Amarcord".
lonigitt aitd tomorrow night. by the
lowcr littst Cinema. Perhaps the
best Iilm they will be showing all

 

 

The Greek historian Herodotus has rightly been
called the “Father oinstory."and hadawonderfulgift
for storytelling. His stories are always interesting
although they seem far-fetched and at times even in-
credible to a modern reader. One of Herodotus" hard-

i’olycratcs.

to-belicvc stories concerns Polycratcs. the 5th century

li.C. tyrant of Samos.

l’olycralcs. Herodotus tells us. had experienced ex-
traordinary success and prosperity. ln antiquity it was
widely believed that this caused the envy of the gods.
l’olycratcs was therefore advised by his friend Amasis.
tltc Pharaoh of Egypt. to avoid the envy of the gods by
partirtg with that one of his treasures that he valued the
most. llc approved of the advice which he had been
given. boarded one of ltis many ships. and gave orders to
put to sea. Once at sea he cast overboard a most
\aluablc signer-ring. an emerald set in gold.

chcral days lutcr'a fisherman caught a line big fish
and thought it would make it worthy present for
l’olycratcs. He therefore presented it, together with
litany l'inc compliments. to the tyrant, who was so pleas-

for

and Tights

a multitude of styles
at these Parklane Stores.

 

gouty

Incrediblc'.’ Perhaps not entirely. on November ll).
i974. thc follow-mg story was reported in a Jacksonville

newspaper. the Ho

whilc watcrskiing o

Lewis received a lull
while fishing off ti
and when I opened

time as I won‘t hcl
ltcltcw ll or not.

    

cd that he invited the fisherman to have supper with
him. i’olycrates‘ servants cut up the fish and found in its
hclly the very signct-ring which tltcir master had thrown
into the sea. l'hcy picked it up and took it in triumph to

“Dchbic Watts lost her I972 high school class ring

Isle. NC. It came back recently in it roundaboutway.
labor City (NC.

SC. Sclmatt/ said he‘d caught a big king mackerel
cleaning ll found another ltslt inside. ‘I cleaned this lish

\\ ith l). \\‘.. w hoct or ii may bc. \\ ill keep a tight grip next

rida 'l tines-Union:
n the inland Waterway ncar ()ccan

tlligh School Principal lhomas l..
er I rout Albert Schwart/ ol (‘ltcraw.

is: North Carolina coast and when
him tip. out rollctl your school ring

ishing tllal arca again until spring.‘ "

 

who are you g

 

 

 

fa tree falls in the forest
and there’s no one there,

your Cuervo with?

oing to drink

  
   

 

 

 

OJOSE CUERVO' TEQ
IMPORTED AND B TTLED BY (“975. H

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

UILA. 00 PROOF

 

EUBLEIN. lchHARTFORD. CONN.

PAGE 7A

  
       
  
 

 
  
   
    
       
  
   
 
  
 
 

 
 

      
     
      
    
     
    
   
   
            
          
      

  

  
 

     
      
   
  
   
   
 
    
  

   

    

 

