 

 

NnNrs WHNTED?!!

SUMMER SUBLETS V
-NEXT TERM.’S HOUSING.

Tired of using fliers?

Then in turn the renowned smith of the strong arms answered:
'It cannot be. and it is not right, that i should deny you.‘

So mighty Hephaistos spoke and undid the fastenings. Straight-way
the two of them. when they were set free of the fastening. though it
was so strong sprang up. and Ares took his way Thraceward.
while she. Aphrodite lover of laughter. went back to Paphos
on Cyprus. where lies her sacred precinct and her smoky altar.

'and there the Graces bathed her and anointed her with ambrosial

oil. such as abounds for the gods who are everlasting.

and put delightful clothing about her. a wonder to look on.
So the famous singer sang his song. and Odysseus

enjoyed it in his heart as he listened. as did the others

there, I’haiakians. men of the long oar, famed for seafaring.

—_——————

'Aphrodite
ZHermes

From the book THE ODYSSEY 0|“ HOMER: A MODERN
TRANSLATION

Copyright (c) I965 by Richmond Lattimore

Reprinted by permission of l-larper 8L Row. Publishers. lnc.

 

Entertainment Night
at the

' more. c......: j. ,

by Peter Lueldo

“I had two portions of that shit.
imagine if I had three. By now, I‘d
probably be dead.“ .

That was a typioil complaint this
weekend as the Colonial Quad
kitchen out did itself and brought the
residents of this hapless quad
another uniquedish. American chop
suey with food poisoning.

Food poisoning. for those of you
who were unable to make it here for
Thursday night‘sdinner. iscaused by
faulty preparation or handling.
Symptoms may include: lower ab-
dominal pains. rectal inflamation'.
diarrhea and nausea. all of which
became common knowledge not
only to myself but to most of
(.‘olonial‘s |.500 survivors this past
weekend. (Perhaps I should say it
hecanie painfully apparent for while
1 write this my lower extremities rc-
niiiid me that lam no mere reporter
of this story.)

Thursday night‘s dinner appeared
quite ordinary at the time. Thanks
to the magnificent opulence of FSA.
students had their choice of three
main courses:

I) Hamburger _

2)Stt.iffed Cabbage

3) Chop Suey .
The hambu rger.wishl'ully christened
pepper steak by those with the

wherewithall to know better. was as-

moist and tender a hockey puck as
one could ask for. The familiar stuff-
ed cabbage (familiar as this was the
third night it had been served) was
no more appetizing than it had been
the previous two nights. What
remained in the corner was what
FSA has diplomatically named
American Chop Suey. Considering
how our foreign policy has been go-
ingas of late.itis probably fortunate
that FSA has not seen fit to try and
link-any foreign nation with that
near fatal dish.

The meal honestly did not seem
bad: at least by school standards.
Thus it wnsall the tnore surprisingto
be awakened Friday at about 3 in the
morning by a throbbing stomach
Though I was unaware of it at the
time hundreds of residents
throughout the quad were at that
moment feeling the some effects and
wondering what the hell had hit

MGVCIII

One of the victims.

them. I was to find-out an hour later.
Awakened again by spasms and
utterly confused. it was then I heard
my roommate moan in a low voice.
"...it was. that l'uckin‘ chop suey..."
of con rse Iliad heard this before. it‘s
tl standingjoke to blame the food for
any illnesses. but could anyone

seriously believe that FSA had
become so lax in their standards that
it would cndager the health of hun-
dreds of students?

We on Colonial were poisoned
last Thursday. (Webster hits defined
poison as "a substance that through
its chemical action usually kills. in-
jures or impairs an organism“.) As
reports started to arrive from Morris
and Paine i-lalls in the early mor-

Near you. .
ning. the joke stopped being funny.

'l'ell the folks back home that the place to stay in though no one was officially admit-

“Ni-ruma”
Albany - near the school, yet in the heart of ting anything. it really wasn‘t

 downtown - lS Sheraton-inn 'l‘owne Moler lnn. necessary. Events were proving that
. ‘ John Esposlto - Plano Beautiful, spoctous rooms, each wrlh color TV the matter had surpassed idle
*::::¢ 1‘ 4 James Coles- Drums and twin double-beds, and comfortably air. speculation. Aseamly its9:30.Fridity
George Kaye - Base ' conditioned. morning students began swarming
Sam Brooks - Reeds A deltqhtlul restaurant with superb cuisine at toward the lnl'irnitiry. To those who

I f  C .I \0‘9 populdrprlces. Alounoe lholollers r'l relaxed mmpmincd‘ “ sumdmd qucslion
C ass 0 l ouncr ~ 9 

“w” YUM mm." evening oi lull nnd entertainment Holesitre was “tilted by health center per-
“Willi I/uul' l’riu'i

GIBBS?  SA President
[SUSIE  SA Vice- President

W0 UKJE‘ GrlrlY I'GSGYVGUUHS iOI’ “19 9001111". E: in its universality. chop suey on
Eﬂmwﬁi [BEBEEBUQW SASU Delegate

Rathskeller Pub

Campus Center

 

Try the HPHRTmENT BOHRD instead!

You’ve got us

'0?» .
“ where you want us.

(in the lounge over the CO cafeteria)  We») The Popular 1m Group

t -s

Works just like the ride board—— —Just fill out a card!

[mu/ml hi' .lIllt/t’lll tl.l'.\(lt'illlftlll

 

t

 

 

most attractive,

scheduled events (ii the School. 44)):(LLL; Colonial.
. 'l he quality of food on campus has
\ -
   always been known to be poor. are
M otor In 11

we as students going to allow it to
summon HOTELS s moron mus wonmwmt degenerate l'ttrther'.’ The time is long
300 Broadway 0 Albany 12207

overdue for considentlion of art

Fol Reservations Coll: (SIB) “Mill Kenneth C. Vincent, Gen'l. Mgr. “nellnuw‘ hupcfuuy uppmiling but

at the i cry least healthy tneal plan. It
is a condition of an campus housing
A to subscribe to it hoard plan. Must
goooooooooooooooooooooooococoon-00oooooooooooooooooooooo.o.ooo0.0000000000000000Cocoooogoooooor mu lhrcumfmncss “OWNS” he“ re.

The SU N YA N 1 to Club and Discotheque

an d   H  H  t)  I1 ttnconccrn for the individual? What
(“m/M ),v.- Jump,” (,_.>.,,‘.m,,»“" steps a re going to be taken to assure
 V that an organivation. ostensibly
designed for students. does itot end
tip maimng us'.’ NYl’lRLi was the
‘ ,  first group on the scene to offer
 n   n  assistance. (ioddamit. forthe sake of
your‘ow'n health. it should not hethc

“ 1 Hill atom " :i n. -w "/- plow: tn'ogneunlvi: funk and dance band W:

l;"ili"l‘[liililll‘l'i)ll,i17')iiltilllliii (do the thistle . Bump, or just freelance)

Admission: $1.00 w/tox
$1.50 w/o totx

Please bring Lax card and proof

 

lilt/vIt/illg Iltllllt' .i/(Itlt’
"l’i::u I’m" In the .\/ft't'
5.35

{5
«‘3 Thursday, May lst
7:30 - 11:30 pm

 

 

 

 

 

’ quirenieiit'.’ I-or the present should
this event be allowed to slide by.
another pitiful exhibit of SUNYA‘s

l. n trod u at l i it:
New Vista
Travel

We offer individual travel of
low chart-r rut-a

pltlS: (auntlnnwnn

(mime? BEELDQ'UBUG] SASU Delegate (write-in)

Special features: m in -.~.
l'nw :tll nln ltlvieruwuy
llmu' [iris-n;

tinniw Milli putty l)tlli|)i('i

FREE BEER FIND WINE

STUDENT YIAVII. "I‘D-
OUAI [Is
Europe 256.
California $194.
minimum price: or set by C.A.b.

For more information stop by our of-
fice in the Port Office Building of 35
Fuller flood, or call 489-2594

Memorial Day
Special May 24-21

SAN JUAN $2l9.
In. R vlo baton abho-

00".. pk.

“ After a meeting of candidates for all offices we have found

these to be for and above the most qualified ”

PS. This event. is not. a, boot' blast it
Our band and sound system will keep you partytn’ to some heavy funky sounds.

Do come out, potty with us ond “Cut the Coke"

[his is a paid political announcement

 

 

 

NOTE: There will be a meeting to plan next year's
a  tonight at 7:00 pro in the Fireside Lounge.

AAAAAAAAAAAAA AA AAA AAAAAA
vvv vvvv vvvvvvvvvvv'vvvv'vvvvv

 

 

All are welcome. ’ '

APRIL 29, 1975 PAGE SEVEN?!“

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

v vvvv

 

 

 

 

