 

Mm Avenue bdween LIrkStreetand Northern any

i’srgxchgx; Gmarmauaauntthatpve know. of in the Albany area. it features
I e. a-
modm" pd“- . p eaaant atmosphere. and tasty food at a

To begin with. there is a choice of anoieinono soup or the special of the
day (75el. We opted for the former. which is a thick, smooth lemon-ﬂavored
soup.‘This was evidently thickened with'corn starch, which affected the taste
unpleasantly. The lemon flavor was somewhat too overwhelming for our
taste; we prefer it to be more delicate.

. We highly recommend. for a side order. lunch. or a snack. either of the two
pies. spanakopita or tiropita ($2.00 each). These pies combine feta cheese
with spinach (spanakopita) or egg(tiropita). wrapped in layers offlaky ﬁlo, a
«citrate pastry used in various modes of mid-eastem baking. We found both
pics to be well blended and delicious. and the portion was very fair.

The prices of main portions range from $3.95 to $5.50. Each is served with
a mceiy prepared, well-stocked. colorful salad. We recommend the house
drﬁing. whicii is similar to ltalian and nicely complemented tht flavor of the
sa .

The doimathes avgoicmono ($3.95) was grape leaves. stuffed with a
mixture of good beef and rice. en casserole. with a delicate, lemon flavored

‘saucc. The lemon sauce provided a good contrast to the other ﬂavors in the
dish and was more subtle than the augoiemono soup. The portion was
moderately sized. -

Ami Yiarknee ($.95). leg of lamb Greek style, consisted of alarge portion
of slightly fatty meat. in a pungent, though not very exotic sauce. Fresh
sptnach and potatoes. quartered and baked to a crusty brown accompanied
the tasty dish.

Other items on the menu include shish kebab ($5.50); kefte kebab.
skewered meatballs ($4.25yand mousaka($5.50). The limited menu does not
feature lamb as prominently as we would expect in a Greek restaurant.

The dessert pastries are made on the premise and are ﬁne examples of the
Greek style. Galaktoboreko combines lemon custard with filo dough and is
doused in thin syrup. Kataifi is shredded filo dough stuffed with nuts and
spices. and covered with "s‘yrup. Baklava is also available. All pastries cost
75c. and makers delightful evening snack. as well as a satisfying dessert.

On Friday and Saturday nights Mykonos offers live Greek music. and
occasional. belly. dancing. There is no minimum or cover charge at these
times. although one might enjoy a drink or two at thebar.

During lunchtime and sometimes at dinner. certain dishes are offered at
reduced prices. For example. tiropita for $1.50 instead of $2.00. There is no
pattern for the selection of dishes for these specials.

by Barry Chaikat

“Spanky. do you think all them peoples come to see
us?" ' V .
~ ‘tNot us Buckwheat. me. it's my personality. iiiy
babyface. Anyway. they goLhcrc The Lone Range? and
‘Flash Gordon‘.” .'

’ ‘Wowl Spanky. i sure wish i were at the Palace
Theatre.”

“We are you dope. We been screened and got special
on stage seats."

“Spanky look! it's Our Gang.“

Sure enough. out of a little tube came the old but an:

forgotten “Our Gang" with Spanky. Buckwheat. Butch.
and all the rest last Friday night at the Palace Theatre.

Sponsored by Just A Song record shop. this morsel of
nostalgia neatly rewarded those brave souls who walked
the twenty minutes from Draper Hall to the theatre.
Appearing were Alfred Hitchcock to chill the spine.
W.C. Fields to warm the soul."-Thc Lone Ranger” to
race our hearts. and “Our Gang” to mirror our own
maturity. Even “The Tramp," played by Ben Turpin.
popped up to remind us of the silent days when l0l lec-
tures were recorded by hand instead of magnetized
polyvinyl chloride.

“My little chick-tt-dce“ W.C. debuted at the Palacein
his usual garb of top but. white tipped cane. and obses-
sion for women and money. Since W.C.‘s “favorite” girl
ran into much money. he formed it partnership with her.
Many smashed cars later. they succeeded to crash all the
“road hogs“ off the streets. Eccentric Fields. clothes

l wrote—names cor YOU oowm

LET

 

JUST-A—SONG CHEER YOU UP!!

1 .~  

tattered and body sore, smiled contentiy at his “little
ehick-a-dee” before vanishing in a ﬂash.

Speaking of Fhsh. Gordon showed up surprisingly on
the Palace screen holding some resemblance to a 53, size
X movie playing around SUNY. It spells Flash with an e
instead of art a. As usual our Flash risks his life to save
the “good” people of the Earth from the death dust of a
long nailed Chinese tyrant. Unfortunately. our hero
doesn't know whether he has succeeded. Flash is present-
ly falling down a bottomless well. and willcontinue to do
so until 9:00 P. M. at the Palace tonight when the second
episode is shown. Dale, Fiash‘s “lover” and companion.
is waiting patiently to see Flash return as part of Our
Gang.

“Spanky. weren't Flash great!"

“He‘s alright Buckwheat, but i sure wish i had a
monkey. lwisii i had a monkey.“

“Spanky lookll You turn'd my brot'cr Cotten into an
ape. My mama‘s gonna get upset.”

“Don‘t worry Buckwheat. she won't notice. All you
people look alike.“

Spanky and Buckwheat in those last two lines
reflected the prejudices of our society over 40 years ago.
Prejudices also appeared repeatedly in “The Lone
Ranger“. Tonto felt the cutting force of openly displayed
lndian racism throughout this ﬁrst episode. Unsur-
prisingly. seemingly simple children‘s stories such as
those presented the strong social current of a time period.

The Lone Ranger episode revealed the true origins of
the masked man. Tonto. the silver bullet. and the white
horse. In this short. the Lone Ranger foils the plans of an
outlaw group to perform it Watergate take over of a
western town. With the bandits in jail and W.C. Fields.
Ben Turpin. Alfred Hitchcock. and “Our Gang“ rolled
up for the night, our ranger mounted his white stallion.

pulled back on the reins.and cried. Hi—Ho Silver.uwuy!

“Wow Spanky. wasn‘t that show grettt‘f‘

“Yeah Buckwheat. i saw everything. Only otic
problem though."

‘What‘?’ -

“Well. next time ihopc thcsc Palace people show these
movies with hcarablc sound. I got problems rcuding
mouths."

‘ ‘ S p a n k y
buuiiuzzrz

I gibgoblevgooh . . . . . . . . ..bhb-

vs

Tonight at the Palace Theatre Just-a-Song presents
“Cassidy of the Bar 20’
starring William Boyd as Hopaiong Cassldy

Second Episode of

“Flash Gordon"Plus selected

shorts starring Buddy Hackett. Spike Jones, Elmo
Lincoln. and Our Gang

Showtime: 8:00 pm

Tickets: $150 advance; available at Just-a-Song
2.00 at the door

I

/ / Week Long Winter Clearance

Hundreds of $6.90 list price LPs

On sale for only 

Comparable savings on higher list prices.
Come early for best selection.

dJEJQEEGGQEmB

84 control ova.

 

 

 

MARCH 7, 1975

 

' letters

Fourth Floor
Romanesque

To the Editor:
As a Tour Guide at the New York State

. Capitol Building i would like to express my

extreme dissatisfaction with lust Friday's ASP
(Feb. 28) article concerning Ms. Keibick‘s
‘ views on the Capitol Building.

in response to her statement that “The
Capitol Building offers its own tours all the
titnc and the pamphlets they hand outt; are
merely memorized by the tour guide." lwouid
like to say that the facts concerning the
Capitol are unaitcrablc and it follows that a
guide would state the same facts that are
contained in the pamphlets. However. each
tour guide does not “memorize” the
pamphlets. be instead learns these facts and
presents them in his own personal way.

Secondly. the guides know much more
about the Capitol than can possibly be
presented to and understood by the general
public (i.c. Ms. Kelbick). A complete tour with
the guide giving all his knowledge of the
Cupitoiwould take a minimum of three hours
and leave the public overwhelmed.

it seems obvious that Ms. Kcibick did not
bother to study the pamphlets given to her at
the Capitol very carefully, or she would not
have made so many gross errors in her facts
and judgements about this historic building.

Ms. Kelbick states that “The lower three
floors are primarily of the Renaissance period
while the fourth floor rcprcscntsa transitional
compromise and the ﬁfth is mainly of
Romanesque nature.“ The fact remains that
the first two lloorsarc of Italian Renaissance.
the third floor is the “transitional
compromise". the/burl]: flooris Romanesque
and the ﬁlm floor is French Renaissance.

Also. Tbomas‘Fuller. the firstarchitcct did

not resign from his position. he Was dismissed
because he had taken ten years and ten million
dollars to complete the outside of the first two
floors.

Ms.lKelbick also has no right. whatsoever.
to attribute thcdcsignof thisbuildingsoleiy to
H.H. Richardson. He was only i of 4
architects (the fourth architect. issac Perry.
was entirely omitted) and only worked onvthc
building for a period of 10 years. '

Ms. Kclbick states that it took 30 years to.
complete thc Capitol when in actuality it took
02 years “8674899). While this is a minor
mat-curacy. it is indicative of Ms. Kelbick's
misrepresentationui style of writing.

if all of these mistakes occurcd in the one-
fourth of the article devoted to the Capitol
Building, one might ask how accurate the rest
of the article is'.’

Time cheers for the ASP. you‘ve done it
ilgiiill.

Greg R. Tuckmtm
Tour Guide

“To Err is 

To the Editor:

A letter appeared in 'l'ucsduy‘s ASI’ (Feb.
ii). criticizing the Registrar for “total
disorguni'lrilion." "disrcgurd for the student"
(the people the Registrar is supposed to bc
“tit-wing”). and of being more ‘incompctcnt"
rind "irresponsible" than anything else ever
encountered by the lcttcr‘s author. one iiiisc
Hagoucl. ill the handling of academic affairs.
The letter ends with ii conclusion that the
Registrar is not fulfilling its obligation to the
students. Can this conclusion be inferred from
her argument. and. if so. \vhyurc conditions in
such ii sttile‘!

Firstly. the problems encountered by Ms.
llugoucl are indeed serious. especially at n
time when on till btlt ruined ccotiomy is
forcing. concurrently. more students to apply
to post—gmduutc schools. and post-graduate
schools to reject more students. it becomes
easy to sec why she is so enraged. and certainly
many rain sympathirc.

its attack the people who work for the

 

 

From the Frog's Mouth:

Environmental Psychology

by Gene Carragee

Man has shown til'i incredibly remarkable
adaptability to both physiuii and mental
stress. Perhaps his most confusing adaptation
has been to the very knowledge that his
environment is deteriorating because of the
vast amounts of waste he produces. He has
managed to acknowledge the problem of
pollution and limited resources so well. that he
apparently has subconsciously displaced
himself from the problem. And perhaps the
greatest champion of this self-illusion is the
college student. With great vigor and
particularity just about any student can list the
ills of the environment. from mercury in his
fish to oil on his beach; yet the same student
will retreat in genuine horror at the mere
Suggestion that he may. himself. have
anything to do with the cause of pollution.

During the l960‘s. when the problem_

surfaced its ugly head. Americans must have
realized the obvious but distasteful solution.
Due to the limited supply of natural resources.
it was impossible for the nation to continue to
live at such ahigh standard. But the thought of
life without American necessities such as color
television seemed to be no life at all! '

So we adopted. in our minds the
environmental problem became a monstrous
Situation about which Walter Cronkite
woefully shook his head each night. While we
demonstrated our environmental acumen by
Citing the limited remaining oil resources. we
never thought it was in any way connected
with the driving of cars without regard. By
Conveniently placing one woeful solution out
of our minds, wc unwariiy waitzed into the

MARCH 7, 1975

1970‘s.

Then a strange thing happened. The "cause"
we had acknowledged began to show the
"effect" we had feared. Unfortunately. most
people refuse to admit that the “crunch” is still
coming.

People who refuse to admit how good
things are now.arc evcn blinder to the fact that
thev‘ll bccomcworsc. The grcutcstudvocute of
this second illusion is commercial television.
Perhaps the most powerful media of
communication. television "makes its living"
by coininctng us of our discontent (a
contented man would hardly need a new
ﬂavor of Digclll. Now. when it should be
reasonable to return to a necessityoriemed
economy. the infamous commercral
homburds us with the otherwise unthought of
notion that we must raise ourschcs above
ignommious savagcry by having our clothes
“whiter than white.“

Cicero

Nearly two thousand years ago. the Roman
orator Cicero complained that to live as a
gentleman in Rome. at least sixteen slaves
were necessary. We. of course. constdcr it
absurd that the lives of sixteen people are
necessary to make one man happy. Hopefully.
ll 'wm soon seem equally absurd for the
modern Anteriwn to hate untold quantity of
superﬂuous extravaganza:  keep himself
above a state of discontent. lhere will  no
barbaric hordes to relieve us of ourtcievisrons
as they did the Romans of their slaves.
instead. we must again adapt to a new
consciousness opposed to waste and
superfluity.

Regisimi h.fhowever. about as intolerant of
other people [is-Ms. Hagoucl accuses them of
being. 0n the simplest‘of levels. people are
human. and accidents can happen. ..l am sure
Ms. Hugouei does not claim to be a bastion of
perfection. it should be stresired that
considering the tliousnndss of transcript
requests handled cu ch month by the Registrar.

it cnti almost be expected tiiut some errors wiil\..

be made. if the Registrar were “totally
disorganized.“ the opposite would he the
ciiscmthousunds of mistakes Would be made.
illltl only il few transcripts would be sent out—
by accident. .

A deeper problem exists. however. one
which many students at the university may not
be familiar with because of their family‘s
economic background. This is alienation. The
pcople who work for the Registrar. as well as
all people who work for wngcs.do not receive
any rewards for working harder. As a matter
of fact. in many crises. if a wage-worker does
work harder. their boss will only expect a
repeat pcrforniunce. so these people are
cutting their own necks. Thus. the present
system of wage-itibor not only does not
encourage working towards perfection. but
actually discourages iii! This being the
situation. we should actually ADMIRE the
concern which the people in the Registrar's
office show for students!

What cvidcncc do thcsc people have of their
work'.’ The only connection is to their
pttychcck. . the service these people perform.
thcy can ncverapprcciatc dircctly. Remember
that when they do u goodjob. they don‘t get an
 grade and nice comments from a teacher.
it is to the credit of the workers that they still
maintain some interest in the students—and

Castles Burning:

' world

countless out i

have ; forgotten—thank

institution K title _
humsn ‘ t It '

, , l’ ,
the cafeteria.and the Bursa office

wonder'thattheseworkers ” on htisell‘
Obviously. the people. who ’work for the" ,
Registrar are fulﬁlling almost all of .their /
obligations. for Ms. Hagouel's case is an‘
exception. and unusual accident. Students.
however. are fulﬁlling few of their obligations
to these people—one. remembering that they
are human. and two. struggling to change the
system which discourages production and
efficiency. to a system which will encourage
the attainment of these goals.

Tommy Scberbenko

’ «swings tor SUNYA -

To the Editor: .

i believe there is a definite luck of
recreational facilities on this campus. When i
came to Albany. last September. l was
appalled and disgusted when .i found that
there were no swings. To alleviate this
dilemma i propose that a whole line of swings
be built across the middle of the circle. in this
way i believe we would be developing an
under-utilised area of the campus. creating the
type of culture that this area has been lacking.

What lmean is. not those babywinky dinky
swings. but good solid official New York City
Park Department mctaiswings. lbclicvelhese
swings will he made use oftwenty-four hours a
day. We therefore hope that when the SA
plans its i975-76 budget there will be an
appropriation for swings. pm" wmkow

Howard Wittiin

 

 

The Albany Student Press reserves

I/lt' .mlu rig/II I0 prim tll't'tlfl Lt‘Ilt'I‘.l' In the

Iz'rlimr. Sir/Hui! lolwrr I‘i'llt’lt‘rl'llt'll to CC

130 for ('Ull.l'fdl'l‘lllfuli. K00]: those cards
rlml li'IIers' trotting, folks!

 

 

 

 

I

Wonder Why They Call it Pot?

by Ken Wax

There are rumors out there that some of you crazy college kids are smoking marijuana. “Not
while rcadingmy column. they wouldn‘t" was my immediate reaction. And anyway. pot is illegal.
and i know you wouldn‘t do anything that breaks the law.

iiut the rumors persisted. So. as a responsible journalist should. i investigated.

Since i do not use any artificial drugs. i had to seek out someone who would help me. i

followed my leads to Alvin E.. a dealer over on

the cannibus culture. i no longer need him.

Mercer Street. who gave me valuable insight to
and anyone wanting to know his fuiinairtc and

address need only let me know. and we'll turn in this hippie scum.
i won‘t even go into how the stuff can get you very arrested and how the cop'iimove in tobust
your dealer the exact moment you‘re inside buying. We'll assume you've not yet been busted.

The drug is smoked in either pipesormarijuanaeigarettes called jwatmitolres. Each method
assaults a different part of the users body. First let's look at pipes.

Narcotic pipes are different than regular “professor type” briars. For drugs there are
waterpipes whose chore is to cool the marijuana smoke. This is done to overcome your body's
defense mechanisms. so that your lungs will be fooled into thinking the biliowy smoke is
ordinary air. But sometimes your lungsaretoo smart, and they catch on to what you're doing.
Then you re forced to cough out these foreign poisons. This is called ‘a good hit,‘ and makes the
other smokers laugh. A cruel bunch, these dopers.

And then there is a devicecailed a ‘bong.’ it's awaterpipc with a longtubc attached. The idea is
to draw on the bong until this tube fills up with the dense grey smoke. Then in one inhale you
suck the cloud into your body. The idea is to suddenly overwhelm your throat and lungs with
more smoke than they will normally allow to assault them. Often the hanger coughs. and
bongcoughs are long hackingaffairs. with chokingand frantic gasps for breath. Again. the other
smokers respond to his plight with laughter. These are the people the drug user considers his

friends.

The other way to get thcgrampushkyinto your system is to srnokejwannaloker. These are
cigarettes rolled with pet instead of tobacco. They're smoked similarly. with the only difference
being that you don‘t smoke a whole jwannatoke yourself. you passit‘aroundMOsl unsanitary.
And as it burnsdown smallerand smaller. dripping of all that diseased saliva, you keep passing it
around until someone burns their ﬁngers. That‘s the only rule—only after someone singes skin
tissue can the jwannatoke be put in the ashtray. Sort of awcirituit ritual. this sacrifice of human

flesh, wouldn‘t you agree?

What effect does this drug have on a person.

for which people will risk their most precious

possession—their freedom; only to assault their body?

it ‘gets you high‘.

From what We determined fromintcwicws.shaddywaddydoodah distorts your misses,
unbalancing your perceptions of the world. This probably explains why pot smokers find

Cheecb and Chong funny.
is ‘getting high' wonh it?

This dread narcotic forcesyou to risk your freedom to procure it. assaults your body when you
use it. and turns you into an out-of-touch zombie. i asked these pot smokers about this. is this
what you're willing to pay Sill an ounce for? l queried.

"Huh?" "ll/ha?" "Her man. mellow our."
replies . . .

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

“Alvin. where'd you get this dude?" tame the

PAGE SEVEN

 

 

