    
 
   

 
   
  
 
 

    
  
 
   
   
   

   
 
  
    
      
       
     
     
       
   
   
     
     
      
   
    
    
     
    
    
    

  
 
  
 
   
 

 

 

It! a Motif   he ' I
test, n Fri. Oct. 31 at 3:30. Bring your own pumpkin al

to the coteteria. Three prices will be awarded, tor most

corv
original, tunniest, and the best carved traditional style pumpkin.

looking tor Christian .te'lloi‘ivshlp'P Albany Evangelical
Christians meet every Fri. at 7 p.m. in CC 315 tor prayer and
sharing. Come and ioln In God's love.

The Department at Theatre prdudly dresents the annual A nos
1. Futteror lecture, The Bocchoe at Euripides, a mariogette

. theatre performance by Professor Peter Arnot, Tutts University, 8

p.m., Fri.'Oct. 31 in the Studio Theatre, Pertorming Arts Center.

Up to date brieting on Angola b'y Elisln Fi uoireido M
, , PLA A -
basiodor to the UN. Fri. Oct. 31 at 7pm. inc LC 20. Sponsored 3y
s . ' . . I . r- .

THIS, 

 
 
      
  
 

\NEEKEND

Fred Astaire and Judy Garland in Easter Parade—a classic—
Sunday, Nov.2 at 7:30 and 10 p.m. in [C 7. $.50with Col Quad
Card, 3. 75 with taii card and $1.00 without. Presented by
Colonial Ouad's Diiou.

Community Relation Committee.tor‘l'elethon'76 is meetin
I 9 Sun.
Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. in the State Quad tlagroom. For info call
Jerry at 7-7742 or Sue at 7-4066.

There will be a Halloweeh Party at the tri city Women'
. - s Center
(located In the Albany YWCA) on Sat. Nov.. 1 at 9:00. For further
into call 449-9991.

. .

The Central Park Sheiks, swing codntry-style at tthe Freelo-

Drled Cotteehouse in the CC Assembly Hall. Doors open 8:30——

mtdnite. Fri. and Sat. $.75 without tax. Free with tax

Retreshments available. For into call 457-4735. Volunteers
always needed.

. A h

Harness Racing Club presents 2 lilrhs on the tostest growing

spectator sport in America. The meetingis on Sun. night Nov. 2in
- LC 5 at 9 p. m. All are welcome.

Delta Sigma Pi—Formalgenerhl meetin ' ‘
. gthis Sunda at9z30in
BA 220. Dress is lorrnol and $1.50 is due for alumiii holiday
greeting cards and pictures.

Friends of Yoga are having a Yoga Dby at Doane Stuart School
(Kenwood Academy) on Route 9w, Sun. Nov. 2 lrom 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. It is open to all.

Going to Church but ddn’t kriow how to ‘ '
I , get there? Pine
Community Church sends a bus to Dutch Quad at 10:40 airlift;
Sunday morning. Fellowship in the Lord with us.

Anyone interested in *attendin . ' '

. ’ g an Orthodox Christian
Fellowship group is urged to attend our meetings on Sundays at
6 p.m. in the CC Patroon Lounge. For turther info call Terry at

436-1535

The New Covenant a Christian Cdttee H
, ouse Grouo , 'Il
appear at Chapel House Sunday evening, Nov. 2 at 8 or: 
mission is tree and all are welcome.
. . .

 

MONDA

An informal. group discussing the relevance of the Torah in con-
temporary times‘ meets every Monday night in a Chumash review
at the Sidro wrth Rabbi Rubin at 8 in CC 373. All welcome.

The WSUA- 640 Specials keep on going with tree give‘oway

records. This Man. at 8 p.m. listen lor the Album of the Week

hosted by Bill Castle and Matt Kaufman leoturing The Who By

NumbeIsOn Tuesdayat 8 listenta GlennTratiner tor Artist at the
Week—Barry Manilow.

There will be an Alumni Ouad Board meeting on Man. in the
Alden Main Lounge at 7 p.m. This meeting is open to all in-
terested students.

I r

  

night ' s p.m.,ttev.‘31ntlie cc

TennlsCli‘ib' sets 0 ery Monday _
‘ tithe 2nd tloor'men’s auiiilliary gym

 

.fa W.I.R_.A. mandatoryibinketboll otticials meeting V

Men. No 3'atr3:15 in CC 356.
' I . » 

TUESDAY

l. ' at Commission of the SA Supreme Ct. andJ
(“Student Attorney's") mandatory meeting, Tues.
_ - p.m. in the Fireside lounge.

hot. Daniel Dishen oi TSI Aviv.Univeisity will give a toll: on the
recent interim agreement between Egypt and Israel in the
McNeil Room, Rensselaer Union, RPI, Tues. Nov. 4 at 8 pm.

There will be a meeting'ol University Speakers Forum every
Tues. night at 7:30 p. m. in thei’otroon lounge. All are welcome.

An_iriteresting class in Mistress, Alldrash Chassidic and Jewish

philosophy is given every Tues. evening by Rabbi Israel Rubin at

his home 122 So. Main Ave. B p.m. All are welcome. For intocall
452-5781.

Judo Club meets in the .GymAWrestlihg Room, Tues. at 7 p. m.,
Thurs., at 6.3aginner'sclass starts at 7:30 p. m. on Thurs. For into
coll Andy at 7-7705 or Bonnie at 7-7875.

’. 0 A 0 '
Doha 1 Club at SUNYA—inlormation open to all. Tuesdays at

7:30 p.m. Room 373 Campus Center.

. e e
Albany, State Archers meets Tuesday at 6:30 p. m. in the
Women s Auroliary Gym on the 2nd lloor ol the Phys Ed Bldg. For

into call that Dale at 7-5228.
There will be a mandatory W.I..R A vblleyball ollicials meeting
Tues. at 3:45 in CC 356.

Nov. 4 at 6: 30

  

A
Students and Faculty come together! Come to Le Cercle Francois '

Pot-luck Dinner, Tues. Nov. 4 at 7 p.m. Sign up in the French
Dept. or call Viviane 7-7729 or Faith 7-4027.
k h N

WEDNESDAY

Pretlayv Society—meeting Wed. Nov. 5 at 8 p.m; in [C 19.
Topic: ‘The Lawyer as Legislator" with Senator Howard Nolan.
All welcome.

Dr. Saxman lrorn Syrazuse Univ. will be speaking on clelt
palate. Wd. No. 5 at 7:30 p.m.lin HU 345. Sponsored bythe SAU
C at).

r e .
The Feminist Alliance will sponsor a panel discussion on rape
which will include a speaker on sell-defense, a speaker on thd
legal aspect, and representatives of campus security. Wed. Nov.
5 at 8 p.m. in CC Aseembly Hall, and all are welcome.
. .

SNO—Student Nursing Organization announces that on Wed.
Nov. 5 at 7 p.m. in LC 21 Christine Amyot will be speaking on
Maternal‘ChiId Care.

Bestot Friends '75 (still Friendsi74 and 4t 2 and Friends‘73) are
(harming a CHoliday Singfgroup. We need people who want to
ave un. ome to our irst meetina Wed. N . 5 t '

the State Quad Tower Lounogve a 8 PM. m

Want to get away lromtit all?‘ The butin
' ‘ g Club meets ever
Wed. night at 7:30 in CC 315. We hike, climb. cave, and eniai:
ourselves. Come join us.
Duplicate Bridge Game meets‘Wedsfal 7 p.m. Beginner's class
at 6. All welcome. Cash prizes, refreshments. For inlo call Andy at
7-770

W.l.R.A. Council meets c 'cry Wed. cit 7:30 p.m. in ii: :eker
2an floor Lounge.

 

The " ,. ‘ ot Slavicl an l.'

the first in a series at Linguistic Lectiires. Thdetopic: "Rerﬁhflsifg'ri

{he Category oi Person in Russian." To be presented by Prat

awrance Newman (Ohio State University) on Thurs. Nov. 6 at

4.10 in HU 354. Coflee Hour with Prat. Newman at 3:15 in HU
354.

Career Day All day Th.ursda. . ‘

r y, Nov. 6 in the CC 8 ll
representatives at almost 50 enterprises will be present iiithodir:
p ays and pvailable to answer questions. Sponsored by Delta

Sigma Pi—Prolessional Business iraternity.

littrom7 I

udicial Boards ,

_ ‘ month-rand Broihe |
'd uqmdatlgt, Thurs. Nov.  tu
Q
very:Thurs. night trom 9 to to ‘
_ :3
. H d in the Phys, Ed dance itud
A nation? call Tania, 7-7748 m

nzhcon wt.

  
  
 
   

All students prer'egistering~ toerPOS IZo—ii you registert
Ol

 
  

2171, TTh 11:10—12:25, BSchuster. youm t ’ r
sion section 0111 or D153. reg's'mordmm'

, ' ‘ I
Students in wheelchairs need attendaiits for activities at Clutlyliv ‘

ing. Weekly rate depending on the number of hours ih '

student requires. Responsible, mature personshould $323518:

Barman, Graduate Assistant, Rehabilitation Service, 457.1226
(mornings) tor further details.

0 i
The beginning and adVanced conditioning courses h
for Tuesday-Thursdays at 7: 10-8 p.m. during spirng riinzs‘iiie'd
the Spring Catalog should read 7: IO-B a.m. m
t 0 *

Community Service Registration for Spring '76 ~ Hi i.
tram Nov. 3through Nov. 7 lrorn 9 a.m. until 4 p.m.llgeigeifi‘g;
and LC 4.

ﬂ ’ t 0
Community Service Evaluation sessions are now 90mg on_a
Community Service students must attend ane~ rimci. YOU,
schedule for time and location at session or call 7 480]

I t t
Want to be a Legislative Activist? SASU is ollering tilii'tmlil 3
next semseterin : Communications, Legislative Alluvrs New:
tion 8- Research, Student Services, and Admlnlsltntwi; Alta...
Work in Albany and earn up to 15 credits in your hunt In mm
For more into see Dianne Piche in the SA Ollice i CL 345 or (air
457-6542 by Nov. 5.

Please note new fitness and TBC‘TGOtlDT'tOl Swim how TlltteSS~
Sat. 7-8 p.m.; Sun. 9-11 a.m. and 7-8 p.m. Racrealionalv Mm
Fri. 9-10:3O p.m.; Sat. 8. Sun. 1-5 p.m., 8-10,)...

.

u .
Timers are needed lor the SUNYA Men's Swim Team Aryans;
interested please contact Pamn Leshin at 457 5107

e h .
Volunteers are needed at Trinity institution, a (mu winter,
agency in the South end of Albany. Please help Cm! 4.19 5155

The Albany State Chapte’r ot the New, York State (.r.vwr1ittne to

elect Birch Boyh tor President has now been formed ti .0; 0,.

interested in becoming involved or iust seeking wturvr-niion
please contact Debbie at 465-3964 or Charlie at 48? 0483

' . .

Grievance torms concerning complaints ol uer he no.

available in CC 8 Tower Ollices. Call .lill lor lutlttivl - «43a
4260.

Qn-Campus students wishing to have the i‘uiiovr. e Amm-
Bimonthly newsletter Athena, mailedtothem, call in air-1
leave name and address. Oil-campus students lIi‘A‘J in on ;,
Athena in the CC Lobby.
. .

Attention—«students interested in studying in the BMW . r wu-

oi Tel Aviv University Spring 1976. There wrtl i» a ' .. m

available. For further info. please come to the UI' w 'I w

national Programs. 55 322. Application ClL‘Odllltt' ' r . :3
November.

 

Graduate School Interviews—tor students run-r. -

school admission. Sign up for an appointment or t'v - r 

Ollice, Adm. 135. Nov. 6, University at R0(lll‘~|r-'

School of Management; Nov. 12, Carnegie Mull"
Graduate School at Industrial Admtitlsltill‘ v

 

The 1975lsraeliChassidicFestivalishnits woylri nizmi- .  
day, Nov. l7 at 8:00 pm. at the Palace lltuulii- V 2":
available through JSC—Call Eric Gurvis, 75354 Or  ‘r'i'iw

 

4897446.
To all students who have had problems or diliicuhw No. me
Educational Testing Service, till out the NYPIRG  w: M
place it in the ETS Complaint Boxes in the Library and or on; (C
nlgmr Check cashing. Forms are available in the NYPIRG ’Jitiri;
( m 333) and at the Complaint boxes. For further min. iii 45?
2446.
The Diary at Adam and Evev-a one—act musical. min" Ur5

Harnick and J. Beck, (from The Apple Tree), drum, : r,«, r
DeRUbO. Wlll be presented November 7,8,9in the lui. ’- wit”:

 

xxxx xxxxx

xxxxx x s. x

 

 

i Oct. 31, Friday

$.50 w/ tax
Tales from the Crypt

 

‘xxxxxxxxx

PAGE EIGHT

Celebrates HALLOWEEN
with
Tales from&the Crypt

Freaks
$1.00 W/out

starts at 7:15 & 10:30 pm _

“hr 2,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

xxxxxxxxxx‘ xxx

WWW— i
The alternative filmic experience since 1954. 
.D .‘ ‘

 

Come Early- Stay for both she

 

ws!

OCTOBER 31. 1975

 

he Ballroom .

PPOS 120, 2170, MWF 10:1011:00, W. F . '.
tor discussion 0101 or 0110. it you are regiisigriirguigu;;g§'l‘;gl ,1

 

 

 

by (ircg Leaning

l’ruil [.indcl‘s plriy. “'I'Iic Iil'fcci of (inmmri
Rriys iin Muir-ln—lhc-Moon Mrirignlds" is
mic ot the thrust picccs ot'drrimrilurgy found in
conlcmporrrry Amcricrin litcrrilurc. His
clirii'rictcrs ill‘c powcrful studies in human
nrrlurc rind ilI'C prcscntcd to thc ziudicncc with
u scnsc of psychological rcrilism lllill crin crisin
leave the riudicncu gasping. In creating such
characters. howcvcr. Zinch leaves my cast
trickling thiil priy with it I'ormidnblcjob. How
docs one represent the miiny facets of ihcsc
cliiirrictcrs without losing sight of one or more
sides of ihcm'!

Itcriiricc. the major character in thc plriy.
hits it rrixor shrirp edge to her that cutsthrough
everybody who comes in contact with her. Yet
this wumiin must be portrayed with enough
sympulhy so thrii Ihc riudicncc is left feeling
sorry for her rindihc situation shcis in. The ac-
tress portraying 'fillic. Bciiiricc‘s daughter.

 

her exhtblt at the school science telr.

 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   

 

Ingoglia

Tillie. played by Joyce Farra, explaining

Nanny. portrayed by Jerustie Kenilnetiy site enitdet one at many temtty turmols.

must give Iii:in and blood tothc character with
thc minimal amount of dialogue given her.
Ruth. licritricc's cldcsi driughlcr. must he
rcprcscntcd as more thrinjust the carbon copy
of hcr mother she rippcrirs to be.

All of tltcsc problems have to be up-
proiichcd with extreme delicacy in order mm
the characters do not become unc-
dimcnsiunul. SUNYA‘s production of The
lit/kw! of (Juimnu Rays . . . . undcrthc dircc-
lien of Dr. James Iconnrd. stumbled into
many of these ncrirly unavoidable pit-falls.

Although much of thc riciing in the produc-
tion was ﬂawed. there was one particular per-
formance lhrit shone through. Joycc- Farm. in
the role of ‘I'illic. iippcnrcd to have is strong
scnsc of the chrirrictcr she was portraying rind
hundch the difficult rule nicely. 'l'hc opening
rind closing spccchcs ofihc plriy were very well
done by Ms. Frirrri. clearly expressing the
charriclcr‘sdauntlcssncssin the face of opposi-
;ion its well an: the deeper psychological
workings or 'I'illic. It was in those scenes in
which Ms. l‘rirm hrid little or no lines that she
excellcd. liowcvcr.
'fhc chiirricicr was must fully rcvcrilcd toihe
audicncc during her quicl moments on stage.
Ms. Frii'rzi‘s reactions: to cvcrything going on
around her were a beautiful blend of subtlety
and priihus. During the first not. especially,
Tillic‘s lengthy silcnccs. puncturilcd by short
but liuncsl moments of inlerplny with
Beiiiricc. rcvcrilcd the alumni miraculous Iovc
found in their rclriiiunship. There was.
however. one particular point in her perfor-
mance that Ms. l‘ilrl‘ll seemed to lnpsc out of
her churncicr. AI'tcr returning home from
school. l'illic Wits-just n littlc too precious for
such it quicl rind withdrziwn child.

l~orluiuilc|y, lillic‘s sccond lICi more than
mridc up lor this sinnll lripsc. llcr opening
sccnc was :ippropriulcly tense and nervous
wilhnur cvci' lcuvuig the bonds of her
chrirrictcr. whilc licr speech before lhc high
school riudicncc wns cll'cctivc in portraying ii
Iniiiiicnl when the chiirrictcr‘s shyness is ovcr-
come by her love ol scicncc. Ms. l‘itll’il‘ﬁ innu-
ccni lriscinriiion wrrs just lltc touch nccdcd lo
cmpltrisi/c lhc plriy‘s mriior ihcmc found in
thisspccch. All innll. Ms. l-hrrri‘spcrformnncc
wns cllcctivc in picircniingthcsuhllc complex-
ilics ol licr cliiiiiicicr.

it Is unlorluniilc lIini llic ullicr actresses in
thc plny were not us cllcctivc in their pcrlor-
mrinccs ris Ms. liill'l'it. Ms. Kirihy Slingcrlrinds.
for cxrimplc. tui'iicd Wltill could have been It
show stoppingchrirucicr purl. .Innicc Vickcry.
into :i criricrilurcd rihoininnlion. Her two
minute ripccch in Act two was forced illlil un-
bclicvrihlc. ll wris it pin to scc such it nicely
wrilicn piiri liccoinc n curloon. Ruth. played
by “chain ltccchcrl. iilso ciiinc iicruiis its is
criricriiiirc riillicr lhiin ii chiiriicici'. Mil.

Itccchcri :ippcurcd to lift“! ii nice concept of

 

 

  
   

  
   

 

 
 

‘Marigolds’ Met With Mixed Emotions

lhc chrirrictcr. but allowed it to get out of hiind.
From moment to moment Ms. lsccchcrt wrisn
gum-snupping. empty hcudcd child. suddenly
Iripsing into niomcnls of philosophical lucidi-
ty. pronouncing crich work as if she were in a
drcrun. Ihcn jumping. brick into her plasticity.
This is not to suy that Ms. Bccchcrt did not
have some good moments. Ilcr epileptic iii in
the end of Act two. a potentially embarrassing
moment for the audience ifdonc poorly. was
handled chI. Her mnvcmcnls were handled
with great dcxtcrily. There were also a few
moments in her interactions with Beatrice in
which Ms. Itccchcrt bccrimcfriirly hclicvuhlc.
but these moments were l'cwundfur bclwccn.

'fhc inlcrprctriiion of Beatrice. :is: offered by
Randy Kriplrin. presented a problem to the
audience. As stated before. the chrirnclcr of
Iicutricc is :1 very tough prirt to trickle. How
docs unc portray the bitchincss of this
chrirucicr and at the same time keep the
ziudicncc sympathetic towards her. Some
readers will remember Jorinnc Woodward‘s
inlcrprctution of this character in the movie
version of the play. 'I‘hcr rcrison the movie
I'riilcd is thin Wnudwrird wris unriblcio control
the unsympathetic niiturc of the character.
The audience simply could not I'ch anything
for such ri shrcw.

Ms. Kriplrin's pcrfnrmrincc fell to the op-
posilc cxircmc. Ilcr Iicnlricc was drowning in
self-pity rind displriycd it too often to the
riudicncc, If Ilcruricc pilycd herself so much.
why should we feel rinyihingl'or hcrrind ridd to
her pity? All of licritricu's razor sharp jokes
dii'cclcd :igrii nst lhosc riround hcr should liuvc
had ii sling to them that would have hit the

    

  
 
 

 
   
   
 

 
  

  

audience head on. But in $11th that:
was no cutting edge. only tears. Shesccméd to '
have little strength to sirikeout against those ,
around her. It‘ Ms. Kaplen had refrained from» .
breaking down so much on stage. she might
have retained a certain amount of strength. As
it was. she presented is character that was
beaten from the start. Al the end of her first
scene on stage. Ms. Knplanbroke into tears. ,‘
She admitted hcr defeat from the very start.
and left the character with nowhere to go. 1

11‘ Ms. Kuplan insisted on crying iii various
intervals t hroughoul the play. she should have
handled them as did Ms. Farm during Tillic's ‘
one and only tearful moment. Instead of .
showing her sadness over the death of her reb-
bil to the audience and the rest of the
characters on surge. 'I'illic turned away from
both. only allowing! hcm ioscc licr motionless
brick while controlling the break in her voice
:is much as possible. As Tillie hides ‘her
emotions in her silence. 'so should Beatrice
have been seen to hide her emotions in her sar-
casm. As it was. Ms. Kriplun allowed her sym-
prithy for the character too much reign. and. as
in result. bccrimc too indulgent in her por-
lfi|yill. V
Again. like Ruth. liciitricc did have her
good moments. The opening of i he second act
shoch ri good sense of cdgclolhc character.
llcrc was the strength and sharpness that we
had been wailing for. Unt'oriunrncly. the
scene was again ruined by Ms. Kriplan brcuk-
ing down iii the cnd. Immediately following
this sccnc. llcritricc entered the stage drunk.
1 his scene was chI done in thrit it was totally
in keeping with the chrirrictcr portrayed in this
situation. Fortuniilcly. lhis sccnc did not end
in lcrirs. It was ri nice change. On the whole.
howcvcr. lhc chiirriclcr was not able to drrsw
anything biil disgust from the audience for a
chriructcr so rrickcd with self-indulgence.

The inﬂuence of the director. Dr. James
Lconrird. was not evident enough. It seems
that the actors were given n free hand with
their characterizations. rind most of them
would not have friilcd if more dircciorinl in-
llucncc had been used. Technically. on the
other hrind. the director handled the produc-
tion wcll. Except for thc lirst scene. the block—
ing was natural rind well-executed. and the ac-
lors moved well on the cluttered. rrickcd stage.

One prirticulririly interesting piece of direc-
torial influence was the churnclcr of Nrinny.
Rnthcr thrin ircriting her as rs real-life
character with hurnrin expressions. the
character was ircrncd us ri walking symbol for
ihc dccny prevailing in the household. In this
sense. the mm was well handled by Jcrusha
Kriininsky. Ilcr blrink stares transmitted the
director‘s idcris ribout the character effectively
lo the audience. although Ms. Kriminsky‘s
walk was it Iiulc we still rind straight for n

woman of Nrinny‘s rigc.

Although ihc effort on the prirl ofcvcryopc
involved with the show was evident. the whole
production was not extremely successful.

   
 
   

    
   
 
 
 
 

1W.

Bounce end her older daughter Ruth. pteyed reepectlvety by Randy Keplen end Debora
Beechert, shore e moment ot closeness

 

 

 

