 

 

by Craig Bell

Albany State rallied with three
goals late in the fourth quarter to
overcome a 7-6 Colgate lead and
went on to defeat the Red Devils 9-7
Saturday. _ :

A boisterous crowd of about 250
people saw the Danes jump off to
quick 2-0 lead. early in. the first
quarter. Dennis Walsh and Pete

'Connor got the ﬁrst two goals for

State. Walsh's goal came after a nice
i.

feed from attackman Kevin Hilly
and Connor scored while the Danes
were a man up. Terry Brady picked
up the assist:

Colgate got one back a minute
later; Midﬁelder Bob Heath beat his

. 2’
A. 'i ‘ J'IIVI'l—r
. 41".! V
aslimwzimie“

.. vhhu

1'

Cards Deck Tracksters

Tom Cleary and Paul Hoeltzel took

by Jon Lafayette
Coach Bob Munsey said it all

when he said "That's oneof the great .

things about track meets. even ifyou
lose. someone can still have an out-
standingperformance that he can be
proud of." Despite comingin second
in a four-way meet. beating Oswego
and Oneonta but being out poitited
by Plattsburgh. some individual per-
formunces sparkled for Albany.

.lim Pollard set a track record and
an Albany team record by running
the l20 yard high hurdles in 14.9
seconds. smashing the old record of
l5.3. set onlya week ago by Albany‘s
Dave Cole. 'l'his meet also saw Rudy
Vido qualify for the NCAA national
tournament. held tltis year at
Baldwin-Williams College in llerca.
Ohio. by putting the shot 50‘ 4".

Carlo Cheribino may also have
qualiﬁed. but discrepancies in the
published qua lifyingtimes cloud the
issue. One copy of tire rules sets the
qualifying mark at 30 initiates and 30
seconds; another at 30:25. Carlo's
time of 30:29 may or tnay not be
good enough but Coach Munsey
promises “he‘ll get enough chances
to qualify. iind he will."

Albany came out strong. taking
the first two events. Chris llurns and
Gary Furlong followed Carlo
Cheribino in the first six mile race
ever run here at Albany State. Jim
Holloway and Tom Cleary placed 3
and 4 behind Rudy Vido in the shot
put.

The relay team of Alan Zube.
llrian Donovan. llilly llrown. and
(lary Johnson grabbed three tnore
points. by taking second in the 440

yard relay. giving Albany a 21-9-2-0
lead over Plattsburgh. 0neonta.and
Oswego respectively.

In the long jump. there were

problems. Oswego's Acca won it and
.

two Plattsburgh men finished se-
cond and third with Hiram Fcbles

~taking only one poittt for fourth.

Brian Davis ran the mile in 4:25.l
and Tom Ryan ran it in 4230.6. but
that was only good enough for se-
cond and fourth. Two Plattshtirgh
men went 1-2. as Bruce 'l'cugue won
it in 4:24.

.lim ‘ Holloway showed the way
with a throw of [32‘3" in the discus
with Chris Covis and Rudy Vido
finishing third and ‘ fourth.
Plattsbargh took second. in the 440.
llob Coletti and Art llcd ford finish-
ed behind another two l’laitsburgh
men. as the Albany lead shrunk to
five points, 37-32.‘

I'lcrald Horton of Piattsburgb ran

a 9.9 100 yards. He was followed by '

three Albany runners. Alan Zube.
Billy Brown and (iary .lohnson.who
took sixfpoints for this event. Jim
Pollard set his record in the 120 high
hurdles. followed by a I’lattsburgb
man and Stew l‘into. both ol‘whom
would have broken the record. Dave
Cole, the old record holder. finished
fourth.

After being shut otit in the triple
jump (where Albany fouled out)and
managing only a fourth by Roger
Phillips in the 440 intermediate
hurdles. Albany was tied with
l’lattsburgh 52-52 with six events
remaining.

Piattshurgh took l-2 in the 220
with Gary Johnson finishing third.

the javelin, with l’lattsburgh
ﬁnishing third and fourth to even
things up. Plattsburgh led by only
one at 63—62.

The three mile was a great race to
watch. Carlo Cheribino. who had
won the six miles earlier in the meet.
was the lone Albany entry vcrsus
fotir Plattsburglt runners. for nine
laps the fotir l'lattsburgh runners
stayed in a close formation. taking
turns in ﬁrst. with Cheribino slaying
right behind them. With two laps
left. Carlo made his move. going up
to second to challenge for the leitd.
lie just didn‘t have enough left so
Bob 'l‘euguc (who took the mile) held
his lead arid Norman (loldwire pass-
ed him. giving Plattsburgh an eight
point lead with three cvents to go.

Some Excitement

Despite the fact that Albany did
not place in any of the last three
events. (i’lattsburgh won all three)
there was some excitement. .loe
Dcmarie. a pole vaultcr from
l'lattsburgh broke a track record
that had stood forsix years. making
it the oldest existing Albany track
record. l)emaric‘s vault of [4'9"
broke the record held by (ireg ()lson
of Boston State which was set in
|‘)6‘). v

Coach Munsey was proud of the
way his team hung in despite being
beaten iii manpower. “We did pretty
well. We were leading most of the
way. but ran out of gas at theend."

The track team goes to Union
Wednesday before going to tinf-
falo fortiie University CcnterChani-
pionsliips on Saturday.

“man and just Waltzed right in for the
score. State came right back as Terry
Brady worked his man and put the
ball behind Ned McMullen. the
Colgate goalie. into the upper left
hand corner. Colgate added their se-
cond goal as Ernie Cranmer fed Jim
Russell on the crease for the score.
Amie Will then scored for State and
Gary Lourie for Colgate to close out
the scoring in the first‘quarter with
the Danesenjoying a 4-3 lead.
Colgate Leads

Colgate did all the scoring in the
second quarter as John Romano and
Bob Heath both hit the nets for the
Red Raiders and they took a 5-4 lead
into the lockeroom at the half.

Neither team really asserted itself
in the ﬁrst halfas the teamsjust trad-
ed goals. Albany seemed to bea little
flat. probably due to itstough lossto
Brockport last Thursday. Bob
Wulkiewicz. was amazing in goal as
he stopped thirteen big shots in the
ﬁrst half. many from in close on the
crease.

State blew numerous scoring op-
portunities in the ﬁrst. hitting the
goalie in the chest with a clear shot or
missing the cage completely. At one
point Terry Brady missed a wide
open net after getting a pass from
Dart Goggin off a loose ball.

Albany got the first goal of the
third quarter. Pete Weycamp scored
on a rebound of Dan Goggin‘s shot.
Colgate then got two quick scores
and it looked like Albany might be in
trouble. “But the kids just wouldn‘t
lie down. When the ball didn‘t go in.
the kids sagged a little but showed a
lot of poise when they came ﬁghting
back.“ said DaneCoaeh Arntstrong.

And indeed they did. Colgate had
done all the scoring they would for
the aftemoon. Weycamp picked up
his second goal ofthequarter.a pret-
ty play from Kevin Hilly, who was
playing behind. to Pete who was
camped outside the crease. to end the
third quarter with the Danes trailing
by a 7-6 count.

Albany still was having their
troubles early in the fourth quarter.
Time and time again they were miss-
ing easy shots. “Stockwork killed as"

“undisputed 1975

was Armstrong‘s comment after the
game.

Then Dennis Walsh tied the game
for State as he blasted one home
from the left side and the Danes
seemed to catch fire. Two minutes
later. Weycamp scored the winner.
his third ofthe afternoon, and Hilly
added a final score to ice the game
for Albany.

“We were a little flat out there to:
day and we better get our act
together for Hartwick“ was Steve
Schauss‘ comment after the game. A
smiling Bob Wulkicwicz who finish-
ed the aftemoon with twenty—two
saves seemed optimistic about the
Hartwick game this Wednesday.
“They lost a couple of guys to
graduation and shouldn‘t be as
tough as last year."

Saturday‘s victory raises State‘s
record to 2-l and the loss evens
Colgate‘s record at H. Both .lay
Kianka and .loe “Moon” Mullins
who missed Saturday‘s game due to
injuries should be ready for
Wednesday's contest at Hartwick.
lloth .Iobn Adamson and Kevin
Murphy who played in place of the
injured Mullins did a fittcjob.

.lV wins

The Albany State junior varsity
lacrosse team raised its seasons
record to 2-l with an impressive 8-4
victory over the Engineers of Rl’l
Saturday.

Don McCuc and Tim O‘Connor
paced the scoring attack with three
and two goals respectively.

Greg Allen and Maury (icndlcr
led the defense as both played really
outstanding games. State picked up
four goals off ofunscttlcd situations
as the tough Albany ridc gave the
Engineers fits all afternoon as they
attempted to clear the hall.

Russ BOWer and Frank Villanova
did a fine job in the nets for State as
they split time in the goal. Russ made
eight savcsand did a f'inejob ofelear-
ing the ball. Frank made five saves in
his two quarter stint.

The .l.V.‘s next game is this
Wednesday home against Coblcskill
beginning at 3:30.

hole

The track team in I losing effort Saturday. Albany ll now 6-2.

by Betty Stein

President Louis T. Benezet made a rare appearance before Central Council
last Wedneéday night in a somewhat belated gesture of unity between
students and administrators who. as a result of the recent budget cats. have

found tltemselVes bound in an urgent atmosphere of cooperation.

licnezct made promises for increased student involvement in the budgetary '

process. “ifthe Student Association has representatives here in June. we will
gladly include them." be bid. referring to plans for the [976-77 budget which
will start in .lune. It remains to be seen whether the future President Fields is

of the same mind.

Much emphasis was placed on the erroneous affluent image that many
legislators have of SUNYA. as a cause of disproportionate ctits it has
received. compared to the other university centers. “There are forces in the
machinery of government that have chosen to consider Albany as . .

overcndowed." said Benczct. who ' '

-rts that. as a result. “we have been

selectively and discriminater cut. attd cut. and ctit over the past three years

by the legislature.“

Chancellor Boyer has promised that SUNYA will receive top priority in
the supplemental budget. scheduled to come tip in late May. says BCIICZCI.
SUNYA is seeking total restoration of the $804,000 cut. “Without
supplementary funds.“ warns llenexct. “we are confronted with the
possibility of immediate retrenchment. which is a euphemism for firing
pcoplc.“ According to Benezct. many teachers‘jobs “are literally hanging in

the balance."

Plans for increased student enrollment next year and in the years
following. will qualify SUNYA for additional funds. But recent problems
with overcrowded dorms have raised iniportanthcstionsas to where these

students will be housed.

llcncxet assured Council that “We don‘t want to pack them into this
podium or into the quads.“ He mentioned University assistance in ﬁnding
appropriate off-campus housing as one possible alternative.

Dean of Sttidcnt Aft rs Neil llrown says. “We don‘t plan a repeat ofthe
[all of ‘74.“ When asked tfsttldcnts would be housed in lounges or tripled tip
next year. hcavoidcd any definite comitment. sayingonly. “As far as i see it.
otir every effort will be against that.“ Accordittg to Brown. there are “a dozen
or so ideas" now beingconsidercd for casingthe dorm situation. l-icdcclined.

however. to give them specifically.

"The good news is. our dorms won‘t be empty next year.“ said Brown.
adding reluctantly. “The bad news is that about 300 more upper level
students have opted to stay on campus.“ When added to the larger freshman
class anticipated for next year. the resulting situation is one that has no easy

solutions.

“If all the projections that we see nowarc accurate. there might be as many
as 300. 400 or Still [extra] people who apply to live in residence halls.“ says
llrown. He cited the attrition rtifc among upper classmcn as one factor that
could serve to lower this figure. According to Brown. many people put down
a housing deposit as a safeguard which can be utilized if off-campus housing
is not found. He also mentioned the unpredictability of the amount of people
accepted who will actually come here as an important variable.

Plans for revamping the Draper complex in the next few years are now
under consideration. 'l his is seen as a necessity if the projected enrollment
increase of |.500 more students by I980 is reached. “Those facilities are not
fully utili/cd.“ says llrown. who pointed otit that the recent decision to phase
out the Milne School will mean that even more space will bccotnc available.
llrown said that. to his knowledge. there was no connection between the
decision to terminateoperations at Milne and the University's imminent need
for additional classroom facilities. No definite plans for tire use offhis space

have yet hecn layed oiil.

FieldsAppointed SUNYA Pres

by David Win/.elberg

l)r. i‘llllllcll ll. l'iclds was ap-
pointed President of this University
by the SUNY lloiti'd of trustees
Wednesday at then mcctmg lll New
York (‘ily

lhe Sl NY Hotttd's appointment
of fields lolloucd thc litiivct'sity
Council‘s iccoinmctulalioii of the
SI-ycar—old administrator. which
capped a seven month long presiden—
tial sciii'cil including the screening of
over 300 possible candidates for thc
$41M") a year post. Dr. l‘ields
appeared before the Board Wednes-
day to be interviewed. was subse-
quently appointed President of the
school. and then returned to
Houston.

Di. Fields. presently the [ﬁx-
ecutive Vice-President and Dean of

l’acultics at the
Houston. joined the faculty there in
I‘W) as a professor of history.

l

wong

President Emmett 8. Fields.

University of

 

 

 

 

 

 

President Louis T. Benezet with SA President Pat Curran (tight) and SA Vice President Ira

Blmbaum (left) spoke out against SUNVA bud
night. Benezet claims that many legislators have a in

affluent and overendowed.

get cuts at Central Councll meeting Wednesday
lsconcoptlon oi the University as being

SA Candidates Begin Campaign;
Most In Favor 0f Mandatory Tax

by Stephen Dainanka

Willi a little time left to campaign.
the Strident Association presidential
and vice-presidential candidates
spoke otit on several issues last
Wednesday.

One topic around which much of
the discussion centered was the mail-
datory student tax referendum that
will be on the ballot for next week's
elections. All but two of the catt-
didatcs were in favor of the man-
datory tax and tirgcd that students
vote for it.

Presidential hopeful Andy
lluuman pointed out that sttidcnt ac-
tivities would suffer greatly under a
voluntary tax policy. He also fears
that a loss of student unity might
develop in the sense that there would

Previously. l)r. Fields occupied the
position of Dean of the College of
Arts and Scicnccsat Vanderbilt Ull-
ivcrsity atid also scrvcd as President
of tlic Sottthcrn Association of
Coilcgcsand UniversitiesSUNYA‘s
l’rcsident—to-bc. has been a member
of the Texas Committee for the
Humanities and has also been a
Director and Vice—President of the
Southwest Center l’or Urban
Research.

Dr. Fields will take over as
SUNYA‘s thirteenth president on
July l. Fields will succeed otir pre-
sent chicf. Dr. Lewis'l‘. tlenclet. who
has accepted an appointment as
professor of human dcveloptncnt
and educational policy at the State
University of New York at Stony
Brook.

he a separation between taxpaying
and non-taxpaying students.

Speaking about the morality of a
mandatory student tax Bauman
comtucntcd. “As long as it‘s ap-
proved by the general student pop-
ulation and distributed by a
representative body. then it is moral-
ly ' .' " to me.“

Presidential candidate nub
()‘llricn took a similar stand on the
issue. “You couldn‘t have program-
ming as it isnow."bc explained. "the
mandatory tax isvitul to student ac-
tivities.“

“I think it‘s one of the best deals
you have around.“ stated Ken Wax.
another candidate for the presiden-
cy. pointing to the many groups.
cltibs. and activities that the man-
datory tax supports. Wax also in-
dicated that with a voluntary tax
there would be no way of knowing
how muclt money was available until
arottnd mid-September. Therefore.
no programs could be planned until
that time.

Another of the presidential catt-
didatcs.Natban Salant. you full
support for the mandatory tas.
Salant too feared that “a lot of
groups would suffer“ undera volati—
tary tax situation. in addition.
Salant mentioned that “the students
will be forced to pay indirectly il'thcy
vote down the mandatory strident
tax.“ referring to resulting increases
in various fees. admissions. and
dues.

Vice-presidential candidate .lott
Levenson cited "a stable running of
student activities throughout the
year" as his rationale for supporting
the mandatory tax. However Leven-
son was critical of the manner in
which the tax is dispersed. He feels
that groups who come before SA

x.
I:
L’.
i
r:

descch tnorc understanding and 1
help since they are "a part of SA.“

chcnson‘s solc opponent for the
vice-presidency Rick Mcckler also
supports the mandatory tax.
Meckler noted that even though
students must pay a "big lump sum"
at the beginning of each semester. it
is advantageous for them
throughout the course of the
semester considering all the dis-
counts and activities it provides
(item with.

Mccklcr tllst) shoucd some dis-
content with SA‘s budgetary
decisions. "I‘d like to see better use of
the land more proportional fun-
ding.“ bc stated.

Presidential candidate Kim
Kreiger. the only candidate who
preferred not to take a stand on the
tax issue. said that “the tax question
should be left to the students to
decide." Krciger believes that no
matter what the studetitsfdccision is.
she will be able to work with it if
elected.

Spencer Livingston. the other
presidential candidate. was not
atailablc for comment.

The candidates cited many ofSA‘s
problems aitd described their ideas
about solving them.

Matty ol the candidates feel that
SA suffch all around from a lack of
communication with the students.
with the administration. and inter-
nally.

Krciger sees this lack of com-
munication as one of SA President
Pat Cu rran‘s biggest problems. “His
[Curran] big problem was that he
stayed up in 346 [the SA offices]. He
didn‘t go ottt to talk to anyone about
things.“

Kreiger believes that the SA presi~

continued on page sir

 

