 

1* formerly with Mahavlshnu Orchestra
' Elton John
8. Frank Zappa

8. THE HEATH BROTHERS

Monday, September 29th

7:00 pm. 8. 10:15 pm.
Tickets go on sale
Mon., Sept. 22nd in the
SA CONTACT OFFICE
Beginning 2:90 pm.

$1.00 w/tax
$2.50 w/o

booked by SASU

funded by SA

 

 

 

' TORCH WANTS YOUR FACE...

Tuesday

and $2.00. sitting fee

Wednesday nights charged

till 9:00 pm

Have your Yearbook portrait taken

from Sept. 16-26

CC 305
Questions Call 7-2116

'-

“II...-I.---.'--III-II-I-I-I-I-I-II-I-III-I-I-I-II-I-I-I-

 

 

 

Slant On Sorts

For a few days last week. mere hours in the ever-passing history of Albany

' State University. SUNYA‘s student population was united. truly together.

behind something. For those few days. there was a purpose. a truc‘ school
spirit. almost reminiscent of “the good old days“ in high school.

That something was the talk of the school.Everyone was “into it.” The
dinner table was occtipied with discussions of “triple options“ and “double
reverses.“ instead ofthcav'cragejumble ofoddsand ends. l'eoplcdebatcd the
best time to arrive at the upcoming event. whether they should bringa picnic
lunch. and how many outside friends to invite. Somccven stopped to pray for
a nice day. Most forgot to pray for success. ' '

Student government leaders suddenly found timcto ta keen interest in this
special event. “l’ukes” became “jocks” for a weekend. Fences were put up.
admissions charged to non-taxpayers. banners hung from the quad towers.
and more than 8.000 persons took time out from their normal weekend
routine to he a part of their school and its Student Administration.

True. most of us went home somewhat disappointed. btit let all generations
remember well that fora few short hours in her history. Albany State had a
school spirit. collected and bound up in a few acres of grass.

llats ofro the-(treat Danes football team. 'l‘heyaccomplishcd something
no protests. no issues. no sil-itls. and no policies had done in recent years:
they gave its all an Albany State to remember and dream about.

Recently. the question of Albany Student Press coverage ol women‘s
interstliolastic and intramural sports was discussed in depth at an editorial
board ineeiing.

Discussion centered on the amount of space each issue should devote to
notiicn's teams. A lew Inf the spokesmen from the “omen‘s point of view
demanded equal coverage with the men. including fifty-fifty sharing of
banner headlines and back page space.

I‘hosc in opposition to the fifty-filly deal were in favor of coverage of
Women‘s activities. but said the average zlSl’ reader was far more interested
in the men‘s football. Soccer. and basketball teams than the women's tennis
team. l'licy also pointed out that women's and men's tennis received equal
coverage.

Any comments‘.’ If so. please jot down your ideasand drop us a line in the
ASI’ office CC 334. c/o the Sports Editor.

  

by Thomas Counts . .

The tips of‘leaves are turning
brown; It's no longer summer and
not yet winter. Literally a time for
growing old.

The season we are speaking ol‘.’
Obviously football.

Somewhere in between the im-
maturity of high school football and
the business of pro football lies the
strength and growth of body and
mind. The colleg'ntn-athlete. a sym-
bol of fair play anti Americana.

Unfortunately. I went to see my
first college football game on Satu r-
day. It wasn‘t quite the experience I
expected seeing the larger of those
boys I played against in high school.

The athletes weren't unique. I‘d seen
most ofthern in thedining room. but
what was unique. or supposed to be.
was the battle for the number one '
spot and a chance to grab that
golden oval. the Lambert Trophy.

The sum; was not close. In the
world beyond. such notables as
Knute Rockneand Vince Lombardi
must have said. “We were taught a
lesson." In this young season. the
taste and desire for victory has not
yet licked the Danes‘ chops.

The lopsided score was only half
my disappointment. or less. I
awaited a llavarian sideline feast.
with women and men rim ningivild.
food and drink l’orall. and beautiful

Pirates Clinch Eastern

l’l'l“l‘SB,liR(:ll (Al’) Richie Zislt
and Dave Parker drove in four rims
each Monday night to help the
Pittsburgh Pirates clinch their fifth
National League East title in six
seasons with a ll-Tl \ictory over the
Philadelphia Phillies Monday night.

lhe \iciory. the ISIh in the last 22
games. sent the Pirates into the
playoffs against the West Division
champion Cincinnati Reds.

the Bucs scored a rtiii off rookie
'l'om Underwood in the second in-
ning on a double by Willie Stargell
and a single by Richie llchner.

They added three runs in the
fourth. Al Oliver doubled and

 

1

“/\\ ’/

Admission
$.25 w/Quad card
$.50 W/tax card

$.75 without.

in u m n m u m u m n m u Inn in n m n m n m u m n m u m u m u m u mum in m u u n Ill u u n - u m u u. u m 1| In H m u m H 'II n m u .- it

September ‘18, 1975

marks the beginning of

“The Rising Sun”

Dutch Quad ’8 weekly
Thursday night Coffeehouse

At our first. event, cider and munchies will be served

It starts at:
8:00
in the U-Lounge

Hope to see you there

1‘
a.

l-J[Elsitel-lEIEJLEI-llﬂglt-Hl-l-Jl-l- m.

Stargcll singled for one run. Zisk
doubled lor another and Parker
singled lisk home to cap the rally.

4.0.1. -..-..‘ a

NEW YURKM l‘) Denny Doyle's
l\\t)—I tin. hatLIiop single capped a
three-run lloslon rally in the \lKlil in-
ning that carried IllcvRetl Sm to a ti-
4 \icloi‘y our the New York
Yankees Monday night and stretch—

people out in theautu‘mn sun gett' _

that last bit often. Maybe even I

Goodyear. or is it Goodrich.blimp..f V
This was not the case Saturday..

What I did see was kegs of beerf -‘ '

(characteristic of a quad weekend’v
entertainment) rind the same people
you could not get a rap on with dur-
ing the school Week:

So. the Saturday ofthe big Ithaca
game was no different from any
other day at SUNYA. For the‘
players. the coaches. and mostofull'ﬁ
me. it \vasa special learning process."

I learned we all live. eat. and: .

hopefully sleep together. and that’
we. Albany State. were not ready to
be number one.

Division

ed their American League liast Divi-
sion lead to tour gamcsmcr the idle
Baltimore Orioles.

lilL‘ triumph reduced to four the
Red Sox‘ pennant-clinching
number. Any combination of four
Boston viclot'ics or Baltimore losses
\\lll iiisui'e-iliii‘blttiil Sox oftlicir first
tll\l\ltlll title since 1967. Boston has
\l\ games remaining and Baltimore
lltls eight.

Disaster Strikes Danes

('tllllillllt’tl from page Iltft‘IlILI‘

our best ball without making any
mistakes ldou bt very much we could
have beaten them.“

"Ithaca has been through many
wars and is used to the big game."
l-'ord continued. "and this is our
first really big. one and perhaps the

players were a little tight." I

With the Ithaca game behind them
State must get ready to lace the rest
of the teams on their schedule.

they can‘t afford a mental let-
dtm'nnowlhat the big one got away.
Instead they must show everyone
why they were 9-0 last year.

 

Featuring the 6 or.

463-907

AAAAAAA AAAAAAAAA

Lunch is solved
daily.

Ranch Tavern

6|! No. link. Ave.
(between Wash. I. Cant.)

CHAR BURGER

70

 

 

 

 

Ill-.Il III [-1- l-l-ll-l-.l-l-ll-ll| 'l-ll-t-lt-llJi

 

u m n m u "I it

Also announcing a

"Jail-It'lllllllllllltn

Dutch Quad Party
on September 27th

All are welcome to this Saturday night event
featuring Ted Fis_l_t_ and Co.

inn“ .. u a m “a “um I t, i in am an n. i .u .i um IIIr‘ hwy-1.1. .3. -1. v-luhnlull

 

 

CAMP DlPPlKlLL

Did you know that you Albany, State
students, own and operate a campus over
three times as large as the Albany cam-
pus? It's true, Camp Dippikill consists of
840 acres of forested land dedicated to
wilderness recreation. Located on the

Hudson River. 70 mil

the camp has several buildings suitable
for overnight accommodations. There are
over six miles of hiking trails traversing
the rugged southem Adirondack woods.

And nestled near t
magnificent property

remaining wilderness ponds in NY. state.
Our 40 acre pond (* mile long) is destined
to remain in its forever wild state by a
mandate of the student governing body
and so is a perfect place to relax on the
short: or in the canoes provided.

If you are interested in using your

camp, you can get

information from your Student Associa-
tion office located in Campus Center346

cs north of Albany,

he center of this
is one of the last

more detailed

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SEPTEMBER 23, 1975

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SEVENTEEN

 

