  
  
 
 
 
 
      

  
 
 

  
    
 
    
 
   
 

 

 

..cA

 

.-c .o.

. ,qamuﬂm‘l‘dmmm». Jada-M

»- NC... ,~c-~4-‘y‘-.<~h‘mw.mwwnmw.:SR‘W‘:L$”7MW\_,..\W<r “M

. maxmuwvhanm..ﬂ W. A‘A

 

    

 

. A... ma. .

   
   
    
     
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
    
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 

 

. r. I '

- SUNYA s

v - ' Playground ., . . .

'l‘o'tbslleri _ 7. . ' . V

' My hat is oil to the student who‘wr’ote the
“Campus Hot Spot” letter (ASP, Friday
November I4). His slightly exaggerated‘but
IIIIIIIOI'OIII'IMI‘ has exposed certain basic ~
trutta about the SUVNY'A ilibrary; ‘

Although I have studied in many university
libraries I have never been in one that was
‘noider' or lacked more decorum than the..
library here on the SUNYA campus. At times
it appears that the only thing that isn't going
on in-the library is studying. - .

It is not uncommon to ﬁnd people carrying

' on lengthy conversions with each other or
even shoutingto one mother as if they were on
a football ﬁeld rather than in a place sup-
posedly designed to facilitate study and
research One instance that still remains vivid
in my mind occurred one evening when l was
in the library studyingfor animpending exam.
I soon found myselfin the middle of a game of
tag (yes tag, the game you used to play when
you were 5 years old) being played by 5 or 6
college students (at least they looked old
enough to be college studems).

The SUNYA library means many things to
many people. To me. it means a place where I
sould be able to escape the noise and fanfare
that is omnipresent on the rest of the campus
and be able to absorb myself in scholastic
endeavors. To many other people it means a
good place to see friends. to meet new people.
to pick up girls. and to have a good time in
general. If you want the latter I advise youto
seek some other place to achieve it, such as go-
ing to a party of joining a lonely hearts club
but please get the hell out of the library!

' Bart Smith

. . .T he University

 

Colonial Quad

 

Life and Limb

To the Dillon;

Regarding the Cule Mole of October 3|.l
would like to bring something to your atten-
‘tion. A tourniquet is the absolutely last resort
for bleeding controhWhen you out one on.
you are sacriﬁcing a “limb for alife". and it is
very. very rarely needed. Firstly direct
pressure should be used (except if there is
glass. broken bones. etc. in the wound). then

.cold is applied and the limb is elevated. If that

doesn't work, pressure exerted at certain
points on the body (which are referred to as
pressure points) will stop blood circulation to
the injured limb. Only in critical emergencies
(i.e, if an arm is severed and it will not stop
bleeding by using a pressure point) should a
tourniquet be used.

I don't want to seem picky. but this inf orma-
tion is important to get straight. People should
not learn first aid froma cartoonstrip. but un-
til everyone takes at least a basic ﬁrst aid
course. one should try to be accurate in writing
about matters such as this. It's quite
dangerous (and no. I am not blaming you)
when peoplc think oftourniquets immediately
when they see bleédin'g that seems severe to
1hem. ’Tilll‘Jt t.l Ii 5 AK) ) :t:.- .. .r.

> ~observer ststus at the,

""ainly is a far cry. from: dying the‘PLO
According to “The Palestine ‘ Problem"
Israel was created “without any consideration
for the reality of forty-ﬁVe centuries of Palesti-
nian history and without reference to the
country’s Arab history which stretches back
thirteen centuries without interruption.” Ac
cording to Sydney Fischer's The Middle'East
it was in the second millennium BCE. that
various Semitic: tribes such as the Hebrews
and the Canaanitest migrated from the Ara-
bian peninsula to establish states in the areas
of Mesopotamia, Syria and Palestine. It
should also be remembered that’in roughly
638ACE. under the caliph Umar, Muslim
Arabs set out from the Arabian peninsula to
conquer Palestine. Many Jews were living
there at the time. and consequently suffered
second-class citizenship like many other sub-
jugated peoples.
L Israel always has and will be central to
Jewish religion. culture and thought. This
concept is reﬂect in prayers. in holidaysand in
writings. Jerusalem is especially important
and there were manytimes under foreign
domination when the Jews were prevented
from visiting the Western Wall to pray. To-
day. under Israel‘s guidance. Jerusalem is
open to all faiths. The Dome of the Rock,
although built right over the site of Solomon‘s
temple. remains unmolested. Can the same be
said of synagogues in Arab countries, es-
pecially since hundreds of thousands of Jews
were expelled from Arab lands in this century
alone? A non-Muslim is not allowed to even
set foot in Medina or Mecca,two cities holy to
Islam. Yet the Jews who first built and loved
Jerusalem open their doors to all religions.
Lastly. it should be pointed out that the arti-
cle was correct in stating that mosr of the im-
migrants to Israel inthc ﬁrst half or. this cen-
tury were from Europe. This is true. But is it
trespassingto returnto a land that your people
were expelled from by the Romans? Is it
trespassing to take a land that was barren and

  

Barbara scﬁné‘amaﬂ‘m full of malaria-ridden swamp arid turn it‘into

orchards and ﬂourishing greenery? And w at

Lib .
tu‘t' all} gIhQEXUQ  \J') 3dr aloud Ilot'ti lamina ‘JlIi '.fiI?'Iit'llIII.‘ in ninth"! ll: Of Israel” mday'T-mos‘ “'9 9“th "all":

To“. moietiﬁ )ffl ‘(I'Hlte itl «tilI :‘llllliIU/,)r I  
I would like f6 'co'r'rEct'the butho'r'b‘fna letter x
that appeared iiittliwASP of Friday. I
November I4. The-picture painted of the Un- . . . .
iversity library is far too narrow! This “"5 '5 "‘_ "ference '9 "The “lawn
marvellous building contains. in addition to Pmb'cm" “’h'Ch “Pear” mlhc Nov- 4 "we
the many social centers noted. a full-ﬂedged °nh° ’4)",- Th‘ “I‘m? “Pam” wu'hwsm
sports arena on the third ﬂoorl There I was Pr°v°k19$ “Pew!” '" “sh! ohm renewed
privileged to witness an cxcmng pushmp intcrest in the subject because of the recent
comm, made especially “mums by (he anti-Zionist U.N. resolution. It was men-

presence of enthusiastic cheerleaders and fans. “,0”?! i" ‘3“ ' earlier Ian" entitled “The other
In view of the limited hours and facilities of Sm" ' mm“ was “mm” by the “me Rumor

SUNYA‘S gymnasium. it seems than the - as “The Palestine Problem." that students
students and staff should be commended on should examinethe validity of items printedin

finding this alternate space. and the author of lhe ASP' - 0‘“ of cummy and mum.” I ‘1“!
the letter mentioned should be chastised for “'5! mi“ an." {ofmd that a number 0f key
overlooking this versatility. At last I know Pom” "' 3h” “moi,” sm'ld on Shﬁky “mind'
“an, we are in college, and an only hopemm According to this article the Palestiruans
mcbrofumr whose exam I was trying“, study were brutally forced rom their homer/because
for i, as much a {mom {an as I. of the herronst activrties of groups such as the

v 4 v Anita Macs“), Irgun and the Stern Gang. Thanks to these
gangs and the creation of Israel. a supposed

To the Editor:

'- I
ive three million Palestinians were forced to ﬂee.
I . ;. , I'm curioustoknowwhatsourceswereusedto
CI'ItICISm? support these arguments. According to
Samuel Katz. author of Battleground. the
To the Eiltor: numbers in the British Survey of Palestine

were closer at 420.000. Furthermore. con<
sidering the Irgun and Stern Gang 'were only a
part of the Jewish population. it‘s hard to
believe that such a small number of Jews could
drive out such a large number of Palestinians.
many of which were equally as armed. The
main reason whythe Palestinians ﬂed involves
the fact that there was a bloody war going on.
Many were afraid for their lives and left to get
out of the way of the battling Jews and Arabs.
According tothe February l9th. I949 issue of
the Jordanian paper. Falastin. “The Arab
States encouraged the Palestine Arabs to leave
their homes temporarily . . . in order to get
out of the way of the Arab invasion armies."
Some leaders such as Haj Amin el Husseini
and the pro-Nazi Mufti of Jerusalem en-
couraged the Palestinians to leave. while
others tried to persuade them to remain. As a

The point is, instead of constantly criticiz- last word concerning the use of terrorist tac-
lng S.A.. perhaps thy ASP shoiildlget their tics. ugly acts which were committed by both
bwii house in order. Maybe a line from one of ﬁes, at least It should be noted that even to-

PAGE TWELVE

Since the Albany Student Press has seen ﬁt
to tell useverythingthat is wrong with the Stu-
dent Association. we thought we would take
this time to make a few observations.

Your editorials are forever stating how
irresponsible the SA. is. but is the ASP being
responsible when it prints letters about poten-
tial sex orgies in the library? (Campus llot
Spot, November 14). Are you being responsi-
ble by printing letters that call on students to
deliberately break the law’HHeads: Whip In-
ﬂation Now November 14.)

We won't dwell too long on the ASPs Icon-
stant inaccurate reporting Sufﬁce it to say
that. contrary to your headline. Sear's is not
suing Andy Bauman. Freddie Stokelin is.

And is it too much to ask for an ASPECTS
magazine whose front page newsprint won't
come off in your hands?

born or immigrants from Arab countries and
therefore not from Europe. Is it trespassing to
flee Arab persecution?

My last point concerns the concluding state-
ment of the article which says that the bloody
conﬂict that today exists in the Middle East
will remain unless the Zionist “injustice” is
removed. I am curious to know what “Zionist
injustice“ means and how it is to be removed.
Does the author suggest that the Jews should
simply be eliminated? If so. I fail to see the
meaning of the author's definition of justice.

Gay Snyder

End ACT IV

To the Editor:

As many have already realized, Assessment -
of Courses and Teachers (A CT) has been
cancelled for this semester. Although the
blame ultimately lies with us. the coor-
dinators. we could not have run the project
ourselves. We needed volunteers and there
were none. Hence. to put the blame where it
belongs — ACTwas cancelled due to student
apathy. Of the 250 volunteers that were need-
ed. we had l25; or approximately l%oftheen-
tire student body.

To all the teachers that cooperated with
ACT we thank you, and are sorry for any in-
conveniences we caused. The positive
responses we received were overwhelming.
and something this university should be proud

0 .

We worked long and hard to make ACTa

viable entity on this campus but without stu-

dent cooperation this could not be. We are try-

ing to reorganize to evaluate classes duringthe

spring semester. but We'll need students. If you
care at all. you'll help.

Robin Mandelker

Paul Rockwell

Cara Pour

A C ’l' Coordinators

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.

  

To the ﬁlter: .

I thouﬂil I might draw your reader‘s atten-
tion to yet another little rip-off being
perpetrated at our friendly and cooperative
institution. Last week. ldecided to seethe ﬁlm

. being shown by the International Film Group

at 7: IS p.in. . I arrived at the starting time and
found three people outside the door talking.
Imagining most of the audience to be inside. I
.entered and had this impression conﬁrmed by
the sight of about 25 people sitting around.
However, I was informed that tickets were not
yet for sale, would I wait outside on the line.
“Who are these people? Do they pay?"

“No. we're helpers.”

“Well, I'll help too.”

“Oh. no. everything’s done already.“ In]
other words. the few people stupid enough to
pay at the door have the pleasure of sub-
sidizing the sycophantic arse-lickers who
happen to know the projectionist. That really
sucks!

Jack Benson

AWARE ness

To the Editor:

On November 5 a panel discussion on rape
was held to inform women of the problems in-
volved in prosecuting and convicting rapists.
It has become increasingly important that
women beinformed of their legal rights sothat
they 'will be better prepared to stand upthethe
opposition they will face by police and court
ofﬁcials when making an accusation of rape
against a man (or men). Such opposition has
usually been sufficient to deter a woman's goal
of “seeingjustice done” und caused many to
.d_ro charges. AWARE, Albany Women

dinst Rupe. is a group of women who want
to begin to build up ii resistance to this opposi-
tion so more women will come forward and
demand prosecution of offenders. AWARE is
located in the YWCA on Steuben Street and
has a crisis hot line set up to receive all calls
concerning sexnal abuse crimes. It offers
medical. legal and counseling services for
women during their emotional trauma.

We hope that as more women are informed
of the ofﬁcial suppression contained in the
laws and the insensitive attitudes of police and
court officials when dealing with rape victims.
they will support one another in an effort to
protect themselves from the humiliating ex-
perience they are forced to undergo. It is
crucial that women be better informed of the
inc/re_asing incidence of rape both on and off
campus despite the luck of concern of those ig-

t-a- . .

norant of this problem. There is an on-cumpus
o‘ganization. Campus Against Rape. which
acts as a liason for AWARE in order to
educate more women about the rape problem
on campus. Another goal of Campus Against
Rape is to demand that Campus Security
recognize that there is a real rape problem and
cooperate by giving their utmost support to
rape victims so more women will feel
motivated to report sex crimes.

We can not wait for others to demand the
rights that are ours. We must begin to act now.

For more information on Campus Against
Rape call Terri Holbrook at 489-4848. For
emergency help or information you may also
call the crisis hot line number. 393-! 165 at any
hour.

Get involved!

Cindy Kine
Valerie Kaye

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sole right to print or edit letters to Iltt‘
editor. Submit letters TYI’EWRITTEN
to Albany Student Press, CC329. I400

Washington Avenue. The ASP will not
publish unsigned letters. Names will be
withheld on request. Keep llItM‘t' cards
and letters canting In. but rcmcmlwr:
'Brevlt y is the soul of wit.'

 

NOVEMBER 21. 1975

tbsp-y:

min. t:

 

 

rm WEWer/GHr/tmtr...7ﬂts WNW/t0;

(as); senate/nose; Rumor-Ema were new»):

my meow woe/A star/vow AM: 7H5 Eur/RE
c7579 mama 751/»; mu 8: WM— L‘le

Ill/l it "h ‘. l'l‘.."l ‘ v-t ..

“.")fl!."'lr"tl l.'IlIllll”" '

"llI'-‘r‘t

' llllll In; t. u.
.,, . ..

., W... ,....

.t ‘ .. ..Il . v M

Food Service
Aims To Please

-  ~ """  by Peter Bonehonsky

There have been 11 number of itrticlcs in the
.4 SI’ recently concerning Food Service-rind its
committees. contemplated meiil hour
revisions. and procedures to follow when
students wish to cluingc their meal pIilIl con-
tritcts. Let me clear up the contusion that tip-
pttrcntly exists concerning all the phtiscs of
Food Service and its student committees.

Each quad has its own “Food Service Com-
mittee." These committees are official coni-
mittecs of their respective Qund Iionrds illld
they meet every two weeks with the Head ('Iicl
of their kitchen and with Ronald Cloud. an
assistant tothe Director of FSA. Surprisingly.
these committees wield a good dead of power
and the chefs rind RtlnllItI Cloud are very
receptive to suggestions and/or complaints.
Thcsc committees huvc been instrumental in
htiving Food Service rcccntly approve grilled
Ililm and cheese sandwiches. and upcoming
selections of pilltl and hot turkey sandwiches
for your luncheon menus. Alter 'l'liiinksgiv-
“18. hot breakfast will be extended to 9:00
A.M. This is u result of u suggestion mndc by
out: of these committees.

The chiiirpcrsons ol' ciich of t licsc five com-
mittccs with E. Norbert Ziihni and Peter
Haley. tin assistant to the Director of FSA.
l~‘0mprise iinothcr group—The “Food Service
Advisory Committee"—~of which I am
chairperson. We meet once every two weeks
on Indian Quad and discuss food service issues
that affect this university as a whole. Since
SIllltcmber we‘ve worked on establishing
ell85bility criteria for meal contract changes
and for granting box dinners/lunches. defin-
"lll the official FSA Beer Keg Policy. and
c°mPI°lInl I catalogue outlining all the food
related services offered by FSA. Currently. we

rtrc working on cliiingingtlic hours l'oriill Stilt-
dny meals and possibly hiiving FSA authorize
illt ollicuil vcgctnriun meal plan for next yctii‘,
ll anyone has any suggestions that would
lIIIcL‘I the entire university rcgiirding Food
Sen-ice llicyshould conltlcl inc OI’illly member
of the “Food Scrvtcc Advisory Committee."

I‘lllllII). lcl the static tlic OITICIHI policy cori-
ccrning mciil contrucl cliungcs its devised by
this comniiltcc. Anyonc. for any reason. ctrn
hnvc thctr mcnl contract changed for thc Spr-
ing Scmcslcr I976. The only stipulations that
exist includc contacting llic Food Scrvicc Ol-
l'icc in Ten liyck Hall during the pre-
registration period which curls Nov. 2| tind
ptiyingii $3 fcc. Applicnlions for incul contract
cluingcs (luring ii scmcstcr lllld for box
dinners lunchcs must he mndc to Mr. Peter
Ilnlcy of Food Service. His office is also
located in Ten IEyck lliill. These changes will
only bc mndc in spccnil circumstances rind
must he tIL‘CHIIlplIIIICtI by some mnlcriul or
documents thnl vcrii'y thtit the stated cir-
cunistnnccs do. inrlcctl. exist.

0

ll yoit have n gi‘i pctlitit concerns the food on
your qund tilonc. gut in touch with the
CIIlllfpcl'Mlll of your quiid's “Food Corn-
mittcc." Iltivc ll brainstorm regarding food
service that would affect this university its ii
wliolc’l Contact me at 307 'l‘nppnn Hull.
Problem with your meiil contract? Head over
to Food Service at Ten Eyck llnll. You won‘t
ever find Quiche Lorraine. lox with city-style
bagels or even kielbtisn served down here. and
the food is never going to taste like Mom's
good ol' homi- aooking. but we‘re trying to
make some Iiciidwny in improvingthc quality
of the food that is served at this University.

 

E "My. some of the better people are the non-tenured ones. We would never think in terms of
, ricommending the ﬁring of any junior faculty. though the sdniiiristrstlon may.

—-Roland Strombergtoneofthe three History
onsultants referring to their recommendations.

 

n iti)ll’.‘.llt.‘r.i.. It: not
no... -I- t:

I.

 

 

, editorial 7/  .5; a; 
I- Save Porno at SUNY/r ‘" - '  r

In the face of increasingly restrictive interpretatior‘u of the nations's obscenity laws
and with liberal Justice William 0. Douﬂas's retirement, it will takecoursgeto proton

' the freedom of artistic expression both on this campus and throughout the mtion.

Douglas will undoubtably be replaced with a conservativdptore likelyto take acyrdcal
view of pornography as art. I '

On this campus there is presently a committee of students and studem
administrators working on an X-rated ﬁlm policy. There is legitimate concern about
recent interpretations by the nation's courts that suggest state-wide consistency as to
obscenity policy. Hopefully, the campus itself can be deﬁned as a community withits
own “community standards”.

In any case, the essential principles of a university should outweigh any worryabout
court cases. Suits brought against those involved in the rental, showing or advertising
of pornographic films are usually civil cases when they get to court at all. The record .
shows that the risk of an individual from this campus actually going to jail is equal to
the risk of an Albany earthquake. '

The free pursuit of knowledge at a university takes place primarily in the form of
facultyand student research. but its effect spreads to every part of campus life. Freedom
of intellectual investigation is intricately connected to freedom of speech. expression
and lifestyle. 

Pornography may or may not have social value. buts its oc'casional presence on
campus is surely of educational value in its reﬂection of society. Limiting X-rated ﬁlms
would be contradicting one of the essential free pursuits of a modern university.

Of course, the showing of a pornographic film on campus can be eontraversial, and
limiting entrance to those with SUNYA ID. and friends may not only be politically
expedient but morally sound. The university does not wish to be viewed as a cancer to
the surrounding community. . i

The most a committee on X-rated ﬁlms should attempt is a system to handle
complaints and possibly a document supporting the presentation of all forms of art on
the college campus. No deluge of porno ﬂicks is coming, though if a policy with any
limitations is created there would be a moral obligation to test and break it.

No Curtains for ACT

The demise of this semester‘s ACT (Assessment of Courses and Teachers)
evaluations is not simply an indication of student apathy. The failure to find enough
volunteers resulted partly from managerial inefﬁciency. but then again, the
organization 8f a fresh ﬁetof volunteers each semester is a difﬁcult goal to achieve.
That it was done three semesters is impressive. ACT is too important to be handled in
this,way-—it must. instead, be institutionalized.

At many schools ACT-like evaluations are accepted forms of evaluating professors.
At Boston University the school itself bears the cost of publishing the evaluations,
unlike SUNY-A.wh_ér'e the. Sinden'D Association has to supply the funds. A well-
cxecuted, ﬂexible and useful report on student evaluatipn‘scap playasignilicant role in
helping students choose courses. departments evaluate professors; andtadrninistrators
evaluate depanments. ACT has not yet been perfected. but it is clear that it can grow
and develop its usefulness. The primary objective now should be to insure that ACT
comes out again next fall, but equal effort must go into its institutionalization. For
example. faculty could be required to handle the evaluation. It should be possible for
ACT to remain in student control with faculty cooperation. If not, Student
Association may need to pay the students who cover classes for ACT. It‘s worthit.

\

 

é . Y

EDITORIA L BOARD .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .DANIEI. GAINES
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .SUSAN COLEMth
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..STEPIIEN DZINANKA

Entrust m cuter . . . . . .
MANAGlNG sniroa ..
News EDITOR . . . . . . . . .

    

 
 
  

Assocusr news EDITORS . . . . . . .. . Barry STEIN. DAVID szsLnan.R i TOLER
PaouucrioN MANAGER . . . . . . . i . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..PArxicx CGLYNN
Assocrsrr PRODUCTION masons . . . . .. Loursr: MARKS. CAROL McPusasou.'ELLeN Fina

. . . . . . . . . . . . ANDREA Haazuaso

 

EDITORIAL “or surroa . . . , . . . i . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

. . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . HILLARY KELBICK. Spruce RAGGIO
. . . . . , NANCY ALBAUGII. MICHAEL SENA. NAOMI FRIEDLANDER

 

. . . . . . . . . . ..JEltRY ALBRECHT. L ZUCKERMAN
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. KENNETH Corie

 

  

STAFF MEMEERS
.4.I’, Managers: Mntthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton
Preview: Joyce I’cigenhuum
('I'rrulrttt‘ttn Manager: Nuncy I’illet
Billing Accountant: Susan Domres
ll't‘lllllt‘al Editor: 821th Blumenstock
lli'arl 'ljyplst: Leslie Eisenstein
Com/written Manager: Ellen Boisen
Prtrrluctirm' Janet Adler. I’atty Abern. Carol Burger. Donna Burton. Joan Ellsworth. Debbie
Ulick. Kelly Kits. Vicki Kurtzman. Judi Heitrter. Kathy Lam. Michele Upton, Philip Molter.
Debbie Reiger. Jeanne Saiewitz. Karen Schlosberg. Joan Silverblatt. Tanya levy
Advertising Production: Lisa Biundo, Dick McRobert, Jeff Aronowitz. Heidi Bush
Assistant Editor: Marc Weiger
Administrative Assistant: Jerelyn Kaye '
Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Cameraaub

The Albany Student Press ll published'smy Mdayandhlday stirring the schooPear except ‘
holidays. Main aﬂler: CC 329; telephone: 457-092. Funded by Student Assad“ an. Adieu
mall to: Albany Student Press. CC 329, 1400 Washington Avenue. Albany, New York 12221.

 

 

 

  

 

 

