 

' .' ; buts: few of the numerous functions
' planned by th ctlvities' committee

tor Senior Week. whichlwillkick on;

on May 24th and oil inate on
Graduation Day. June Is 
Some of the idass'ugges edby the
group of 20 seniors are the
possibilities of: an overnight trip to
Montreal. a day-trip to Boston. a
semi-formal dinnerdanee, s nightat
Saratou Harness Raceway. roller
skating. and cartoons in the dining
rooms. . ' ‘r - -
This is in addition to the
traditional clambake at Mohawk
Campusand the new idea of havingti
cabin reserved at Dippikill all week
for those who wish to spend their last
. Week in the North country. It has
been suggested by Bruce Newman,
chairperson of Senior Week. that
Seniors should try to attend as many

_ , printers-5n“  ee
‘ ,“lt's their Senior Week; 1 t
week at Albany State before
ing atrium.- ‘ ' '

At this time. theSenior Class hiss“

“3,000 I budget accumulated _ ‘

throuin chssdues. This‘is more
money-than has‘beeln available in
previous years.. Hopefully this
amount will help absorb the cost of
many activities. orat least reduce the
admission prices for the 2.200

_ seniors.

Dlverlllsd Finalists
According to Linda Weiristock.
Class President, “In the past, classes
conducted one function at a time. We
hdpe to have two or three at’the same
time to increase the various types of

, activities. We're really diversiﬁed.”

Neivman mentioned that.“Some
colleges have you pays flat fee for.
Senior Week. However, our way
people get to attend some things—
the things that they want."

someone other than ourselves. shar-
ing our time with other peopleﬁ‘

Entertainiitg parents. who arrive
on campus May 3lst. could be a
problem that the activities com.
mittee hopes to alleviate. They are in
the process of planning an ice cream
social with a band for the afternoon
and a nightclub following Torch
Night.

'The committee plans to send out
informational letters to seniors at the
end of April, so they may begin plan-
ning their individual activities.

Right now Senior -Week is still in
the planning stage. The activities
committee is open for ideas. We will
hold a general meeting for
volunteers after vacation.

omwmmcmmHmmmmnmmmMmm

(CPS) The Departmentof Health.
Education and Welfare (HEW) has
found the University of Texas guilty
of widespread racialdiscrimination
in. programs ranging from ad-
missions to athletics. the Daily Tex-
an has reported.

Title VI
In a report compiled over the past
year HEW cited violations of Title

.GEBQW

VI—a law which prohibits dis-
crimination based on race, color or
national origin in federally assisted
institutions—in the areas of equal
opportunity policy, recruitment. stu-
dent financila aid and student
employment.
. Lists

The report also listed student ser-

vices, enrollment. placement. hous-

~-::~nee ’ IBIJIZtJBBii

IOSEPH E. LEVINE presents

GEORGE C. SCOTT...
8 MIKE NICHOLS film

THE DAY in DOLPHIN
Saturday only

7:30, 8:30, and 9:30
$.50 with tax card $1.

I find by sludenl arroc'latian

PAGE TWO

March 15  

safety and health inspections in New York State.

LC— 1 and 2 ..
25 without

ing and social fraternities as areas
where minorities were un-
derrepresented or discriminated
against.

HEW gave the Texas school 90
days in which to “overcome the
effects of past discrimination” by
taking “corrective action“ or. as
provided for under the law, face a
cutoff of federal funds.

. . Lmsuisst‘nN on thanmanningh

JOHANNISIUIG. soars Milea (AP) Elizabeth Bagaya, the attractive
former foreign minister of U ganda,hu, become the most recent to join black
Africa's growing club of exiles.

Uganda‘s unpredictable president, Gen. ldi Amin. ﬁred the 35-year-old
former model and attorney after seeming her of making love with a white
in a restroom while on a stopover at a Paris airport. She has denied the
charge, and French ofﬁcials who were at the airport at the time have termed
the charge impossible.

NEW DELHI. lndla (AP) The transition of William B. Saxbc from
outspoken politician to quiet diplomat has begun.

After nearly two weeks in New Delhi as US. ambassador to India. the
former attorney general. who earned a reputation in Washington for his
candor and quick tongue, has avoided embroiling himself in any public
controversies.

He says he pktns to keep that policy.

PHNOM PENH (AP) 0n Cambodia‘s war fronts, government armored
arid paratroop units reported no progress to clear inﬁltrating insurgents from
Villages seven miles northwest of the capital. ﬁeld reports said.

In another area l2 miles west of the city a similar government opcrtition
pushing into the rebel "rocket belt“ made no progress.

Heavy air strikes by propeller-driven T28 ﬁghters failed to halt insurgent
ro‘cket and artillery attacks into the capital‘s airport four miles west of lhc
or y.

WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate Finance Committee agreed tcntrrtivclr
Thursday to cut taxesby as much as $6 billion for millionsof low and midrich
income families that itemize deductions.

That group of taxpayers would get no relief from I975 taxes undcr lhc
$2L3-billion tax-cut bill passed by the House.

The committee made the tentative decision as it began writing its own trtxn
cut measure. which is expected to total about $30 billion, almost double \\'llill
President Ford recommended.

.rtrr tis. Ill rum-tr /'
t: and Senate 'l‘htii‘xdtn
apparently quashed thc ord tidministrritioii‘sbidlor additional tllllllzll'l ind
for Cambodia and South Victnttm. I

Senate Democrats voted 38 to 5 against any more arms for the szlcllt‘tl
Cambodian government and 34 to 6 against President Ford‘s rcqttcst lur-

, extra money for South Victam for the next three months.

WASHINGTDN (AP) A $5.9—billion bill said by its sponsors to DC
capable of creating 900.000jobs directly and as many more indirectly W“
passed Wednesday by the House.

Kcy Republicans attacked the mcttsurc as it budget-busting delusion. s\ llll.
cvcn'beforc the House acted. Spcttkcr Carl Albcrt, l)-Oklti.. publicly urqu
Prcstdcnt Ford not to veto it. ‘

lhc bill. which goes to tthcnatc.would make appropriations for it \‘ill IL'l_\

of programs already authorized but never ftilly funded by Congress.

HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) US. Atty. John Cottoric went to tlic grniitl

Jury 'I hursday following reports that fugitive-heiress Patricia Hearst rcccnl l_\

hi! hi. ' ' ’ ' ). r r '. ’ " '
r d ten in hidtng inn I cnnsylvttniri farmhouse. wlicrchcrliiigcrprints uurc

said to have been found.

NEW YORK, N.Y. (A?) Dr. Hollis  lngruharn. commissioner ol the

I state Health Department from I963 to I974. dcclnrcd Thursng that “It
5 majority of proprietary nursing homes deliver "good care.“ I

Testifying beforc the Temporary State Commission on Living Crisis. llL'

said tltc nursing home industry in I966 had bccn a “disaster nrcn."

,. . .
Ilul patient care iii the homes stncc hits been improving ill'ltl ltldil) lltt'

majority give good cttrc.“ he said.

shorter sttitutc‘o

   I l'lfl‘slllic medical society recommended ‘l‘lllll-stlil) .i

incmdin'  I . ' iingcs to deal wrth thcltnttlprncticc insut'nncc Cl’lsls.
g .i orig rm plitn to take such cuscs crittrcly otit of the courts-

Among mocha: proposals to cttsc the problem. the society proposed 11

t ittttion on malpractice suits. limiting attorneys“ fees to it

fixed sliding settle. and ti definition of medical malpractice.

The Medical Society of the State of New York. MSSNY. sent its

riotimmcndntions to the state legislature. which is faced with making 50th
c .iiigt. tn the mitlprticttcc insurance system by ngy I.

t
l

ALBANY. N.Y. (Al’) Dcmocrtttic legislators elected Il l’ucrto Ricnn, n

woman and ti low to the state Board of Regents late Tuesday in tin

:|::()Ll:lod’(ix4)otnt session boycotted by Republican senators and in which
’lrth toanltisscmblymeii refused to vote or nominate their own candidates.
C c cotton was over at I0 p.m.. and was subjected to long delays utid

bottle: ‘proccdurul squabblcs in which legislators engaged in shouting
matc es With one another and with the lieutenant governor.

"ALllcNY. N.Y. (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey said today he has decided to
ow t e federal government to assume most of the responsibility for job

The state Labor Department currently handles the task.
lhc announcement tncuns that at least some and perhaps as. many its
iilf—-of the state it 4501nspectors are virtually certain to lose their jobs after

June 30.

LBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

And that. in turn. would mean a sharp decline in the number oflnspcctions

performed across the state each year.

Complled by Cheryl Wagner Jr Matt Kaufman

MARCH 14, 1975

 

 

Overflow .Crowd :

by Betty Stein

“Being feminist is almost like be-
ing prcgnunt —-it‘s very difficult to be
a little feminist,“ quipped Germaine
Grccr during her talk last Wednes-
day night in LC-7. Grccr‘s an-
nouncement of her unlikely topic,
“Feminism and Fertility,“ drew reac-
tions of mild surprise from the
audience oftibout six httndrcd. But
her titlkmincisivc, witty, and often
cutting-awus well-received by the
mostly female audience.

“There are two sorts of pregnan-
cy.“ said (irccr. Thc first is the
positch kind: “When you really
want a child to be pregnant is to
assert yourself." The negative or
“unwanted pregnancy is morc like
cancer. It‘s disgusting . . .tin
obscenity.“

“The difference is like the
difl'crcnce bctwccn loving sexual iti-
tcrcoursc and rape.“ Grccr cori-
tiiiiicd . “You then will have to stretch
your initigiiintions.‘ she said. taking
on it stit'cttslic tonc rind asking them
to irnngiiic ti situation in which they
“could manage to ball. but would
rtttltcr not.“

“There is ti criiss assumption that
feminists are against birth.“ (irccr
dcnicd this was true. saying.
"Fcriiinism is not itnti-iizttalisin.

Wlicn feminists strugglc forith‘c‘rlght'

to control our owii’blo'diiés'lwc are
protesting compulsory childbirth .
which is quite a different thing."

Using us an example the case of
Boston physician, Dr. Kenneth
Edclin, who was recently convicted
of murdering ti 24-weck-old fetus
during it late—term abortion, (irccr
spoke out against those who would
deny tiny woman an abortion. "Why
wus that pregnancy terminated so
late?“ she asked. raising her voice, “I
would sue every single institution
that denied that woman an abortion.
‘Do it‘—iti the immortal words of
Abby Hoffman—«sue them all', sue
even the woman‘s mother.“

“There are so many females. most-
ly virgins. representing thc fetus; I
think the fetus is well-represented."
remarked (irccr. lashing outitt anti—
tibortionists. “The peoplcconcemcd
about the fetus are those least con-
cerned about the unborn."

“The best abortion is the least
traumatic, fastest. and most cf-

htudent Davld Coyria talks.

MARCH 14. 1975

with faculty 'Unlve

l‘icient.“ stated Greer. who went on

to say that abortion has been
historically important. while con-
traception has not. According to her.
some types of contraception are ac-
tually forms of “early abortion.“

“It is the medical profession‘s
cherished belief that only the doctor
knows exactly how we work; only
the doctorcan takecarc ofour plum—
bing.“ said Greer. who described thc
stcrilimtion ofthrcc black Women by
tubal ligation following Cacsarcn
birth.

“While many of you in the
audience choose not to exercise your
fertility. it is also something you
would fight to thcdcath to have.“ shc
exclaimed.

“Gynecology is still 500 years
behind brain surgery.“ She said. tid-
ding bitterly. “We can keep old men
alive but can‘t can: for women with
simple disorders." Crrccr criticized
\Vllill she called the “illusion thitt
doctors will help you do what you
want to do. We ttrc tilltyrranizcd by
the mystique of the expert.“

We have lived most ofour livcsiri
an amoral universe,"shcsaid.“Wc d0
things because we fch we ought to."
She went on to articulate licrvicws
concerning the way women ttrc

trctttcd by socicty in gcncrttlz‘fl think u

the‘tltin'g 'l ‘rcs'C-iii inh§tl than the op-
pression of women is that we are
denied nobility. The only nobility
open to us is that sincere nobility of
oppressed people.“

Grccr expressed concern for what
she called the “spiritual tyranny "
under which women are forced to
live. “My interest.“ she said, “is in.
the quality of life land mypeoplc are
allowed to live."

Greer's smooth Australian accent
held her audience spellbound for
some two hours. Her talk included
many allusions to oppressed women
in India and the Third World. using
some of her own experiences to paint
it frightenineg vivid picture of the

injustices that overwhelm their
everyday lives.

An outspoken feminist and author
of The Female Emma/t, Greer has
long been at the forefront of the
women's movement. She recently
delivered the keynote address ill. the
United Nations in commemoration
of lntcmational Women‘s Year.

professor John Ounn.

 

 

 

Above: Femlnlst Germaine Greer
speaks out on women's rlghts to
have abortlons, and freedom
from oppresslon. “Whle many of
you In the audience khose not to
exerclae your lertlllty. It Is also
somethlng you would flght to the
death to have,“ she said. Though
many men heard Greer. she
spoke mutiny to the women In the
aud leﬁ . unghI: SUNYA
‘ student . ‘th male and female.

r

Ileten patlently.

 

 

 

 

Rebels Protest Patroon Prices

A Feature Analysis by Vinny Iteda
This is the second student
revolution l" the rebel leader had told
me a few days before. As a reporter,l
was immediately aroused. “on
Tuesday. March llth." be con-
tinued. "over 200 will demonstrate
en masse at the Patroon Room."
The plan was simple. really. Fill all
the tables of the Patroon Room with
students. so that faculty could not sit
' down. Then have each student. from
ll am. until 2 p.m.. order nothing
but coffee from the 25 cent. never-
cmpty pot.

From ‘he

there, however.

kn

rally Collage Advlaor John Levato arid taco

possibilities could be endless.
Bloody insurrections. Flying cups
and saucers. Upheavcd bureaucracy.
Overturned urns -— all because this
restaurant in the campus ccntcr is
losing Sl3.(l00 a year.

FSA makes up the difference. and
that is why the rebels. many
members of the Student Assouia-
tion. were calling the demonstration.
It seems that FSA aids losing cs—
tablishments with the surplus it gets
from student meal plans.

Student board costs are going up
next year. so the rebels do not want
to subsidize the faculty-used
l’atroon Room any longer. at their
own expense. They would now
frustrate faculty members by ruining
their lunch hours. The tension would
be high. and I was thrilled when my
editor allowed me to get into the
thick of it.

On Tuesday. ill l0:4() ti.ni.. I
entered rcbcl headquarters ill the
Campus Center. to find six
revolutionaries - five ntcn. one
woman - engaged in lust minute
Sirillcg)’. These were :tnxiotts
moments for all present in the small
smoke-filled room.

“Would you like to smoke some of
this?" asked it burly fellow at my
side.

" U ll. tio thanks, Iplnii on keeping
my head while till around are losing
theirs,"

Twenty minutes later. the lenders.
myself. and about (10 followers stood
outside the door to thc l’utroon
Room. Press-releases on the rchcl‘s
positions were beingpasscd around.

One small attractch girl with long
dark hair. showed strain as sheshov-
cd one of the papers into some guy-s

' hands. “Pass this to somebody.“ shc

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

said. Then louder, she cried. "pass
this to somebody! ldon't want to get
stuck with it!“

It was now “:05, “Calm down
everybody,“ said Jay Miller,
member of CAUSE (Committee
Against University Student Ex-
ploitation). to his increasingly
grumbling troops; “they usually
open the doors at ten after. so let‘s
wait another five minutes.“

“There‘sprobablyaboutintables.

spread out." yelled another.
"Don‘t let there be any all-faculty
tables!" '

One stocky fellow with brown friz-
1y Iitiir and a red FuManchu
mustache. said to his friends. “This
stuff better come off. that's all I
know."

A Channel 6 cameraman had
shown up. A short round-faced
fellow. he had iI bulky old camera
strapped to his back. A microphone
was also attached to the parapher-
iiatlitt. now extending it foot over his
head.

.lon I.cvcnsoii. it tnll.good looking
.itistirgciit with curly hair was exv
pltiiiiing tltc rcbcls‘ position to'fhim.
in lllt: now crowded area near the
restaurant‘s critrttncc. ‘

The cameraman interrupted once
to say. "did you say sotiiclhingubout
r'ttﬂ't't"?"

Suddenly. it middle-aged woman
with brown curly hair. stuck her
head out from the entrance and
smiled. saying "soon as I get the
cream on the tables. we‘ll open up.“
A cheer rose frorn the crowd for her
galitntry under pressure.

Upon entering. I began question-
ing this woman, who turned out 'to
be Jan Thompson. hostess of the

continued on page 5

prior: times?

 

 

 

 

 

