  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  

g to the teachings
' rile ooltitat'te‘r

  
 

 

* If you’ve travelled recently on our nation‘s highways
you may have noticed that Americans are displaying
3 bumper stickers in increasingly large numbers. Almost
everyone hits something to say aboutjust about any
topic imi'i’ginable. The messages on bumper stickers can
‘relate'td anything from politics to religion and can be
' deadly. serious ' or hilariously funny. Whether you
consider to be entertaining or merely an eyesore.
bumper stickers really serve the—purpose of selling
something: an idea. a person. a place or a product. In
turn.‘ your individual choice of bumper sticker reflects
your taste’sa nd personality for all other motorists to see.
Did you ever wonder what your bumper sticker says
about you'.l ' " .
If ’tiur’bitii‘l r sticker says:

    

LEGAL/1E MARIJUANA - You have long. l'rizzy
hair. wear Levis. a 'l—shirt and wire-framed glasses. At
one time you were ostracized by our society'as a dirty.
hippie freak. but now your appearance is a normal.
everyday sight. Your vehicle is. ol'course. a van. What
self-respecting cit-hippie would be without one‘!

like your proofs.

l
E Hours:

 

 

 

I sources influence: the manor VI ‘

"cinematography. leads to a first--

presented with' recurring night,

 it re variedpop
 to V orealllendthemslevesto
It. desolate atmosphere of the

  

John "Cassavetes. ,As is true with
Cassavetes, though. Scorsese 
a great deal ofimprovised dialogue.~ . »
This. along. with the dty-life

  

' It concerns itself with the darker side
ol‘ettistettce. with the struggle olla
positive identity trapped in is sadly

‘ desperate situation. It is a bleak web
or base interactions. Scorsese

 

hand impression of Scorsese‘s-iri-
Volvement with streetlil‘c. “We are

' oflif asl‘e fu ‘ '.  .. ..
"on e w) “wenencm‘ ’ is the name given to one of the in-

 struments Andy: plays, which looks

 

   

A urchAndy Cohen.the
*Twangoleum King.“ Twangoleum

 
 
 

 t st:

’country and parts of Canada at

First sitting fee is $2.00
t Resits are $3.00

. Monday 9 - 5
l Tuesday 12 - 9

tildes lot, belabor realism
,e‘tttent cf becomingtedious. In .
mewhat better than its

   
     

St’l' /\Iltt‘tlt .i

  

SEE A MERICA FIRST- You are a real family man
who is very bullish on America. Youspent your summer
vacation out on the open road with the wife and kids
"discovering" America. You can be seen driving a
Winnebago motor home because you believe in
roughing-it in the true American pioneer spirit.

lVltirtlrtr

    
 
 

Almrtinn IS

ABORT/0N IS MURDER - You are a thirty-live
year old Catholic housewife who is the mother of ten
children. Since you have been pregnant almost your
entire adult life you have an ususual outlook on life.
You believe that bearingand raisingehildren is the most
Wonderful role a woman can perform. You also believe
the Catholic myththat"it‘s cheaper hythc dozen“. Your
vehicle is an old station wagon or a Greyhound bus. St.
Christopher is magnetized to your dash board and their
are ten pairs of baby shoes hanging from your rcar-vicw
mirror.

in CC 305

ALBANY swosu'r cases '

_l

scenes. glossed over with 'rain. the
effects of which are puddle-ridden
streets and slick neon reflections

 
   

Meqn’ Streets.

Run

Hurst: Color. [)rmt

 

'I'IIESE COLORS DUN'T‘RUN - You are a faithful
defender of the flag and a member of the VFW. You
enjoy drinking beer and talking with the boys about the
good old days in the Service. Your hobby is collecting
guns and you are secretly preparing for a Communist
invasion or a‘ run-in with Easy Rider. You can be seen
driving either a pick-up truck or an Impala. Both are
equipped. with a custom built gun rack.

Met/()VERN - You are a die-hard liberal who yearns
for the year l9otl. You are still a very idealistic person.
You haven‘t learned that it is neither fashionable ttor
profitable to have ideals in the seventies. You feel that if
(ieorge McGovern had been elected in ‘72 that he could
have saved our country from its present plight. You
believe that there really is an oil shortage and that we
should conserve energy to he patriotic. Your Rambler
isn't running as well as it was in ‘08. biu you hateltc
thoughtol'junking it and losing that prized McGovern
sticker. You have recently added a new sticker which
reads: l)()t\"'l' [IL/l Mlz' Alli. - I I'U'I‘lz'l) I-'()lt’
.llr‘UUl ‘lz'lrtV.

Don’t Blame Me

  

I Voterl for Mcgovern

' Torch 1976
Will behaving another 2 days of

Senior Portraits Oct. 13th & 14th.
Have your picture taken if you

.have not had it taken, or didn’t

 

Problems? Call 7—2116

OCTOBER 10. 1975

successfully introduces us to a lower
el'ement..to the darker realm of

    
  
   
   
    
  
 
 
   

    

 

   

q? ’ “‘5' .47- ' “'5
LA to; - .1. s. 9‘!
like a guitar designed by Picasso. As

wellyas playingthe only Twangoleum
lit the world. Andy plays guitar. ban-

    
 

 -.
2, difference!!! 3

 

Over 35 years

at IIWWMG '

MT snovsuccus .
volummous norm l

study MIQHIIS

Courses that are
constantly updated

Small classes
open days. ’
mumps a
weekends
Complete tape
facilities lot

at supplementary
malarial:

 Matte-ups lot

milled lessons
II out cunlet

rim urn ans
am arena ens.

LOCAIIONSIN
HAWAIIAN. ltttVtt. LI. In.
a Major Cities in U.S.A

. ‘H ’

lmﬂml CIIYII. “D.
IESI PR‘PARA'IDN ’
SPECIALIS'S SINCE IE]!
on) sat-satin
o mom-45550 (200254-1020

o
’ o winters Eullﬂllt Street
, 0. Imohlyn.N.V. 11220 .0
'uoooooooooo'

i AUDI TIONS

 

 

 

 

State Unlverslty

. Theatre
’ MOONCHILDREN
I perf. dates: Nov. l9-23

I Oct 13-14. 1915i

, 7:30PM

I Arena 'l'hcatrc

' Performing Arts
' Center

  
  
   
    

State University of
York at Albany

    
   

 

 

jo. pianopnd IZ-stringinthe style he
calls. “a plethora of southern
American music." That includes
ragtime. honky blues. barrel.‘coun-
try. good-time and street music.
Cohen has played all over the

about every coffeehouse imaginable.
bringing the humor and endless
variety of music he has gathered dur-
ing his life and extensive travels. By
“folk-processing". as he calls it. the
music of such originals as Reverend
Gary David. Doc Watson. Jelly Roll
Morton. .lim Kweskin. and Hank
Williams. to name a few. he has
gathered a real batch of songs.

momma-to

 

We've been in the picture business a long timo‘ ever since taking

For truly experienced photo-finishing, together

pictures come .ll)0tll I m
.lllllE xpress,

Willi excellent qualin at low DIICBS,t‘.0l|II1lO GAF

Your total communications contra, all under one rool'
printing-coplos- art and drafting supplies
photo processing

    

We'll help you captors yourult. Fast and Inexpenslvely.

1148 Western Avenue
51 8489-41“

833,500.01")
Unclaimed
Scholarships

Over $33,500,000 unclaimed scholarships, grants, aids, and
fellowships ranging from $50 to $10,000. Current list of
these sources researched and compiled as of Sept. 15, 1975.
UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHI’S

11275 Massachusetts Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90025

[It I am enclosing $9.96 plus $1 .00 for postage and handling.

 

PLEASE lIllSll YOUR CURRENT LIST OF

 

 

 

 

Andy Cohen. the ruinous— kin. wilt perform on tﬂe uthue 

 
     
 
  

 

Bookﬂoclew .
‘Computer.Coimeeti0n’
New But Not Boater's But

by Paul lmpdaé

 

 

In the Fifties. Alfred Hester wrote two brilliant science fiction novels. The
Drum/irked Matt and The Stars M_ r Destination. And now he has come out
with his third. Computer Connecticut. Unfortunately. in spite of the hype on
the jacket. it does not measure up to the others at all. '

In his early novels. Hester showed two major strengths. ﬁrst he was
unexcwed in depicting a person driven by some overwhelming compulsion.
He could chillingly show how the obsessed individual believed himselfto be
behaving quite logically and normally. while in fact pursuing the most lunatic
course of action. He did this by narrating from the obsessed one‘s viewpoint.
making the reader identify wit h and feel sympathy for him. Bester would lead
the reader deeper and deeper into the madness ol'compulsion. and then bring
in an other viewpoint. a commentary by a tnctttally balanced character.
which would abruptly reveal to thercader the extent of the delusion he had
been sharing.

Complementing. and ultimately surpassing. this psychological insight was
Buster‘s pyrotechnic use of language. He was capable of passages that are
almost reminiscent of James .loyee in their richnessof imagery and especially
in their playful creativcncss. ln 1‘th Demolished Man. he imitates Joyce in
general approach by using his facility for language to represent the interior
life and psychological structure of his characters.

It is probably useless to inquire as to why Hester went so long between
novels. Perhaps he felt be laid nothing new to say. Perhaps he felt that he
could not live up to the standard‘hc had set himself. Alas. he was right in this
last. The layoff has had no good effects whatsoever. Indeed. liesth has gone
back to writing like an amateur.

I must confess that it is incomprehensible to me how an author can
regress so much .. Bestcr's new novel is not merely uninspired in comparison
with his early writing. it is actively bad. He has reached the point where he
could he used as an illustration of how not to write a science fiction novel.
Hester apparently believes that he still retains his old ability to ltandlc
language. To put it kindly. lie is mistaken. What was once dazzling has
become embarrassing. His invented dialects. Spanglish and Euro. are
failures. They demonstrate an inability to comprehend and work with the
idioms of spoken language. Where formerly such an effort by this writer
would have been amusing it not enlightening. all he has done now is create a
series of bad puns and humorless“jokes.“ This might not be so serious wereit
not for the fact that he insists on emphasizing his ineptitude often and at the
wrong times.

I would not spend niy time criticizing some back writer so severely. but
Bcstcr was fine once and there are signs in his new novel that he could do
much better. Much of the power of science ﬁction writing comes from the
ideas used. and Bcstcr does come up with some original and powerful ideas.
Handled well. they could be the salvation of the work in spite of the author‘s
butchery of language.

Bestcr does not handle his ideas well. Broadly speaking. there arctwo ways
to batch science fiction ideas. scientifically and psychologically. Bester
always does at least one. and occasionally commits both faults on a single
idea. The double fault is found most clearlyin one aspect of the protagonist
of the novel. He is one ofa group who have achieved immortality somehow.

 

234 Washington Ave.
Our Happy Hours are Still the Best!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

uacttiiutn scaoLAnstirs sonnets T0: W“!- ~9-“ Pm W “We” 25¢ . _
' Thurs. 9-l0 pm Crazy Hour 2 for l 8:. We
N’m‘“ IOpm -lam Tequila 50¢
Adarms , large draught 25:
cm, State 1‘0 _ Fn" 5'7Pm mixed drinks 50c
(Californil mldlmi elm odd 6* "l" Ml 9-l 1 pm ~ Heine/tin 75: A ,
0 ~ A '

 

 

   

 

     

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
 

pads-ca »

 

 
  
   
    
 
  
  
  
   

 

   

 

