   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
    
   

  

  

 

 

. v." —
. “out A-mru. —
awﬂ~ ‘

   

dominat

  

n ‘ . . n , .

by Polity. entitled  of styles.
re.” This cut displays the
y of sounds that can be

use of an assortment of sound
gdevices. (most notably a syn-

ruble in.a solo performance.
he remainder of the cuts display Music.

e on this album. '

, Apocalypse. . This , progressive
background is clearly evident in their

  

This album surely belongs in the
ed by a violin in the hands of a collections of those who have begun
l' geable musician. Through to enjoy the far reaching dimensions
1 of progressive jazz. This album also
should not be ignored by those seek-
in made exclusively for Jean-. . ing to expand their appreciation of
he;creates the fullness of an different horizons of sound. for this
album is it trip Upon the Wings of

i 
and Handker All! ) .

  

There is only onething inlthe
world worse that'having the new
Monty Python Mulching Tie‘and
Handkerchief; and that is—nar hav-
ing it. The latest release from this
British comedy troupe is a welcome
addition to any l-iying Circus freak‘s
collection. . '

'1‘his new album is rather unusual.
which would be perfectly normal for
this band of crazy people. but even
they outdid themselves in the con-
struction of Marching 'I-‘ic. It is the
world's first three-sided record.
'l'hrec sides of Python madness!
How to turn yourterricr into it cut. it.
budgic. or a fish. The Cheese Shop.
Great Actors. And. of course. the

" Braces. Another trip into the sur-

realistically off-thc-wall ‘world of
Monty Python~“an extreme Righto—
Leftist group dedicated to good food
and plenty of holidays. who are

thought to include" Graham Chap-
man. John Clccse. 'l‘crry Gillinm(the

American). Eric Idle. Terry Jones. ,

and Michael Palin.
Monty Python is a phenomenon

England. it has died down con-
siderably. 'l‘hey are having a second
life here. and fl very profitable one it ,
looks to be. People who are l’ython
freaks can talk to each other for casi-
ly an hour and not say very much.
I'lte range in emotional feeling for
M.l’.l~'.C.' runs from falling asleep
from boredom. to open-mouthed
confusion. to side-hurting laughter.
’l‘o laugh at the Pythons is to
accept their values and codes of
behavior without subjecting them to

that is gaining a lot ol‘ground herein . C
the States. although inits birthplace.   -  
in ’t 80 Fine

by Jeanne Salewitz

   
 

maniacal ‘erew sometimes pushes
things too far. or'getsbored with H
ideas and just‘linish them too
hurriedly. Fortunately. on this "
album theyare not prone'to either of"
these faults. , ‘
Although 'the high quality of
material on Matching Tie is consis-

   

‘ tent. the Python gang rarely reach

the frenzied heights won by such
classic sketches set) the Dead
Parrot; 2) Erie the Half-a-Bee; 3)‘
There is no third thing (the Spanish
Inquisition): 4) Miss Anne Elk; 5
s)Spam; 6) There is no rule six and
innumerable others off of their older
albums. To be fair. though. their
older releases. while containingthese
masterpieces in them. were hardly as
consistently good as Matching Tlels.
There are perhaps two or three
sketches on Matching lie that do
equal their past glories. One is called
Bruce. about Australian teachers in
the Philosophy Department of the
University of Wullamalloo.-who are
all itnmed Bruce. Another such
sketch is the Cheese Shop. The Fly-
ing Circus has incredible amounts of
humor reserved for shopsr‘thcrc
have been three pet shops. a tobac-
cotiist. ii barbershop. a chemist. a

laying a Bed. Next to Austrs

rid (twits. shopkeepers havct _
n the Python‘s poke-fun

I, There is also one short gem of
piece called Word Association Foot

’bﬂ“. John Clecse goes on for several I 3 '
minutes about the gtlml.‘ of football. * '

‘but word-associates at everyistep.

turning it into a delightful maze of .
ideas. rather hard to understand

without three or four llsleliings. dur-
ing which time you are constantly
being amazed at their intelligence.

Mulching lie and IItlIlllkt'rchftf/lll
a Well-constructed. clever, and very
funny album by six men (and the
regularly appearing Carol
Cleveland) who have left behind
them the lives of doctors. lawyers.
and accountants (not to mention
sociologists and shopkeepers) l orthe
world of flying sheep. the l'tranhtt
Brothers. Itimbcriitcks with
transvestite lclltlcllclt‘\ Ill other
words. the real world.

But what is the dillcrcncc'.‘ What
indeed is the Pilllll'.’ lhc point is
taken. l'he clarity mic-insulting. but
where lh'lllL‘illlll‘llgllll} ’(lict therein
ti box. llic illusion is coniplctc; it is
reality. the reality is illusion .utd the
ambiguity isthc only lllllll. lltit isthc
truth. as Hitchcock tillst‘i‘ws. inthe
box‘.’ No. tltcrc isn‘t iooni. the tim-
bigttity has pill on \\L‘Ii.'ltl

And now for sonic-i lung complete-
ly different.

So Fine (Columbia Records)

Why would a group with as much t'l‘t:.lll\tl\. \ilu.incy
and musical ability as Logginstind Mcssllln \pcu titll an
album ofexact replicas of golden olttics'.‘ \\.l titlttllc.
perhaps. Or as a fond remembrance lll its lllllNlt'tll roots.
ln tiny event. So I‘lllt‘ ain't so fine. ltlptlllh .ind

Mcssina's most
surprising letdown.

 

 

 

 

 

recordings

original.

 

li's uncomfortable to hear .lllll Mcwnn .l
hlllg like lluhhy Darin. llank Snou .tinl l<ltl\\ \tl\llll.
all within fifteen minutes. lhe iilbtuuk ItII.IIli_'tll.|lll)’
also manifests itself in the instruuicumls, .llltl
rhythm. saxophone. keyboards. and all tln lt~| are

recent release is also then most

.S'u I’im' is comprised of twelve I'L'\L‘lL‘tl tlltllt’\ \iliicli
indeed had great influences on today‘s rock sci-ut- l'hc
album cannot even be rclcrrcd to -l\ logpuo .utd
Messuui‘s interpretations. though. licctlllst‘ .tlmlutcly
nomtcrprcting has been done. the bond ll.l\|\\l\lt'tl .iiid
sttllcd itself to fit the molds ol Itouk \\|lll.llll\. l hitck
lierry and the lzvcrly lirothcrs. Inch \ll|lL' Inn been
meticulously charted to remain couiplctch

Itl\.tl in the

ILian to

.I» iit'sllll

"\\.tlt’ I ll. ltlllL‘

 

by David Levy
Expansions — Lonnie Liston Smith and the
Cosmic Echoes

(Flying Dutchman)

Musicians and albums have always been
categorized. Mctallie-ucetone-bc-bop-
country-rock. Most people would classify lir-
tpalkl‘llllls as Modern Jazz. While it is closer to
Hubert Lqu and Milt Jackson's approach
than to (.‘oryell or Corea. do not makethe mis-
take of trying to define the album in terms of
other artists. V

‘i Senses must be recaptured after a session
with Lonnie liston Smith. The music does not
overpower you. it melts you. The effect is in-
ebriating. yet minus all the unpleasantries of

. drunkenness. All the mind’sinhibitions cease

to be. What remains is an acuity of perception
suddenly realized. not forced.

i Talking in a room inevitably comesto a halt
tiller a few moments of the album‘s play.
leopoldo Fleming opens the first song and ti—

,tle cut with a triangle tap«tap~tapakin to ti call
g

PAGE 4A

to order. The musicitinshipis controlled. yet
intense. ()nc comes to appreciate the re raint
nc ry to hold back the till—too-l‘amiliar illi‘
prov . . tional solo. Instead. the audience
receives tight. melodic litics from Lonnie
Liston Smith‘s keyboard and tlielltttc work ol
younger brother Donald. This is backed by a
strong rhythm section.

Donald Stnith. while line oti lltite.excc|s its
the group‘s vocalist: ()n nty first listen. I was so
enthralled its not to realize that four of the
seven songs were purely instrumental. The
more I played the album. the more frustrating
it became. Donald's subtlctcxtures and range
are something to hear. I finally came to look
upon his presence as it treat; something like
fine food or wine. not to be consumed glutton-
ly but ontliose certain occasions which call for
an added pleasure.

the instrumentals are unquestionably ex-
ccflunt in their own right. They can and do
stand on their own.

Lonnie Liston Smith is fill artist. What

 

 

makes tltc album it cut above many recent
releases is that he plays \\‘llll artists. Lonnie
Liston Smith is not in competition Wllll the
Cosmic licliocs. Rather. he is in cotnpletc and

restricted to the simplistic lilies oi
Sustc‘

 

“Splish Splash,“ lt's may to m “flat the

groundwork for “Holiday Hotel“ out) "I nun In A‘

Country Song" lies. httt there L‘L‘l'lilll
hear it mapped out on an album lll

Il\ l\ on oral to
ill t’lltl\ tip Ill be

blissful harmony.

 

. ALBANY STUDENT PRESS'

basically ttnevctitful listening

l'he shining light of So I‘l/lt' (aside lltIll
production) happens to bc tln- \ltllllll‘l _
(ircenc. llc effortlessly ll‘tltlhlullih his litttllc .in...iuitui
in llttnk Snow‘s “I‘m Movin‘ ()n." \\Ilttll I\ out v‘l “it
ulhtttn's few original touches, .ltlll hit-won't :li'lmllﬁ
also notable. Kenny Loggins tltlcs let his tllNlllltlHBly
elttstic voice break away from the confiiiint‘ ““"' I'M“
once or twice. intiking“A Lover‘s Linc-slum" .iutt "l I “if
it Like 'l'hiit" almost bearable.

The band. in fitct. is tight and coltcsitc ilnougliout,
but unfortunately their efforts are clitiniiclctl iniooitrly
specialized material directed at u very lllllllL'tl .nnlit'l it.
l‘he good points are ininiscule. hut-ted lll .i will
monotony. overdone revivals. and the lecltnt' t” Vc
heard this one before.“

liar those of you who like country _ l
you buy this album. It‘s not quite as good its tinl
advertised original collections. but it‘s Cllt'ilpcl. ttllt you
can save ten cents on the stirrup.

. \t...iiiti‘s
Itit li.ll’d

9.

lllllslt‘. l'il ﬁll-Willi

 

 

 

  
  
  

    
   

   
  
     

by Karen Sellosbsu ‘

Julie‘s Jig (and Other Favorites -———-—'Steve

Goodman (Asylum)

Steve Goodman is a man known best for his
classic “City of New Orleans." It is high time
that he stopped hiding in other artists‘ studios
to record on his own. Jessie's Jigis one ofthc
best albums to appear in a long time.

The album is it conglomeration ofdifferent
styles. from b ties to folk with all the mixtures
in between. There is even one instrumental.
“Jessie‘s Jig“. which is one of the highest
points on this album. which has no low
points. Goodman produced the record
himself. and he has done an admitablcjob. All
the instruments play exactly when and where
they should to cotnplement each song to its
fullest extent..And the musicians are excellent.
with Goodman playing his amazing acoustic
guitar. Vassar Clements helping out here and
there on the fiddle. and marry other fine.
though relatively unknown . musicians.

Goodman is as talcnteda writer as he is a
stylist of other writers‘ songs. His "‘Door
Number 'l'hrcc“. written with Jimmy llul'fet. is
the most intelligent thing anyone ltasevcrsnid
about "Let‘s Make a Deal" (complete with
quotation froin Dylan‘s “Like a Rolling
Stone") »-—'~“Now I don‘t want what .lay‘s
got on his table/()r box Carol Merril points to
on the floor./ But I‘ll hang outjust tislongasl
am able/ Until I can tin-lockthat lucky door/
Well she‘s no big deal to most folks. bttf she‘s
everything to me/ Cause my whole world lies
waiting behind door number three..."

Equally as effective ttre“lt‘s A Sin To Tell A
Lie". a thirtics‘ songthat Goodman sings with
warmth and humor. accompanying himself
with his absolutely incredible guitar work;
Mike Smith's "Spoon River". and the old song

,"Mama Don‘t Allow It". which is a team effort
that must have been it great deal of fun to
produce.

l’erhupsthc bcst cut on the album is thetttnc

from which the title is taken. 'c‘s .lig
(Rob‘s Romp. Beth‘s Bounce)". Ihi. sit lively
instrumental piece that could easily go on
forever. It has it faint likeness to .lopliu's piano
rugs. and to Arlo Guthrie‘s “Week on the
Rag"; freer than the disciplined rags tend to
be. biit Just as spirited. '

.ltcrric'r Jig and Ollie!" l'lll'lll'llt‘x is about as
perfect an album as anyone could wish to
linvc. It took Stcvc Goodman a long time to
produce t his first record. btit obviously it lot of
care and love went into it.

     
 

 

8‘
r . May net married'

yt’witit.‘ ‘ :

Illegal. Int/tiara! and rationing. If you‘re one of those I

people who happened to’p'assthrough high school'on

st off before. Local bands playingthe hits. Only they had
to. When the kids staggered into the gym after downing
a few six-packs under the bleachers. they weren‘t going
to put up with some noodle going. “This is something We
wrote ourselves. Hope you like it." No. they wanted to
hear “Gloria” and “Louie. Louie.“ Then. the highest
form of praise was: “You do that just likethe real guys.”
Only it wasn't a case of thejackals sneaking off withthe
lion's leftovers. 'l‘hose local bands were the music
business' biggest and most successful promoters. They
took material from the stars and gave them top forty
smashes and request line standards in return. And the
kids were the biggest winners.

F10 and Eddie‘s half-live-from-the—Roxy album is it
perversion of this whole phenomenon. which is sad
since they Were on the receivingend of it at onetime. lt's
parasitic and bitterly nasty. and worse. it isn‘t even
funny.

The title cut is a sincere. anti-rock rampage warning
us to keep an eye out for philosophy-spouting rock
gurus. l'hcir honesty is commendable. but what they've
forgotten is that tnost people who like rock & roll like to
gel fooled. are aware that they're gettingl'ooled. and co-
operate eagerly. . ‘

“Rebeccti.” another studio ctit. deals with a shaken.
world-weary man who longs for the fresh young girl
who‘s llittcd past his life. He knows he‘d never fit into
her socially sedate life-style: he‘s critical of her
complacent acceptance ofthis kind of life; and still. he's
strung otit enough so that he can't toss away this one
clean. bright image. The subtle tension and the
beautiful. 'l'urtlc-like chorus that the song rides along
on make it theonly really successful songonthc album.

Ihe worms start turning with“Kania Sutra ’l'ime." an
tttiinspircd catalog of sexual perversion in the Zappa
mode. It‘s ajust barely livc cttt that offers Hound Eddie
the excuse to lurch off into their mediocre imitations of

by Betty Stein
Refugees - Rachel Faro (RCA)

We are all refugees.

Rachel Faro too; it refugee on somewhat of
a mystical trip. She. likeall of us. is searching
for her roots. But her search. unlike most
people's. extends beyond cultural and racial
bounds. llcrs is it search for what links her to
the rest of mankind.

"Mandala". the lust citt. says it all. A nutri—
dulti. physically represented by a cross inscrib-
cd in a circle. is a sort of universal symbol that
represents man‘s striving for unity. Cavemen
drew them on their walls. children are said to
draw them frequently. 'l'hcy‘rc found iii thcart
and desiin of many cultures. What the man-
tlultt represents is the collective memory. the
collecti\c unconscious that cvcryotic has. it
had no bcgi mung. for it began when the spirit
of man did.

An important aspect of this mandala iuiagc
and l‘lll‘tl's obsession with it isthe fact that all
of us. ll only insignificantly. contribute lti it.
We all build a little bit onto it. as did those
countless others before its. ttnd its will all those
after its.

litti clinnge remains as a constant. this is

arceny no career (crime 1

your way to real life. you‘ve probably heard this kind of? ‘

   
  
 

r Tal 'n‘-“or' asta'gity its “Perso

. cassette plays your favorite song. Mor‘

cmpliasi/cd most strongly iii the title cut.
What we build tip all eventually comes down.
llie tuicontrollablc forces of nature remain
Just that uncontrollable.

lllt‘ it'im/ isll/lml It'll/l laugh/er.

lllt‘ it'm'ltl iii spinning /ll.\‘lt'l'.

.-l ml arr/grilling itch/u slit/ling like I/lt‘MIHd.

We try cwrythiug. We feel compellcdlocx—
plain things. control things. predict things.
and most of fill blunt the pain the pain of not
knowmg by seeking companionship. But the
only hope we really have lies in remembering
that. eicn though We are all alone. even
though we are iill in it sense lost. we lll least
share. the saute lot:

Now is you're/iti'ling like a stronger. for

from your home mtnilry.

Rentcntbcr we are all lI/tllll' Iogctltt'r. llu' an-
cient jllilll’y.

Just as we are part ol'tltc family of mutt. we
are part of the spirit of man. The life of this

George Harrison‘s voice is going ahd e ,
help him now?»,  i ' ' ' "

 

  

 

in the Jungle.”

which ‘ lsii't nearl

     

 
   
     
  
 

 
  
  
 
  

  
 
 
 

than in f t. > - - .
For about ten seconds while they're snickerin‘g‘at‘r
Marc Bolan‘s " Bring a Gong(Gct lt Oh)” you remember
that Mark' Volmun and Howard Kaylt‘tn are two
incredibly talented. volatile vocalists. For about ten '
seconds. Who are the winners here‘.’

.htg._,,._-._. in
vtnuusul urea nae-a.
murmur .m u maul-"um."

spirit is endless: our lives are not. But. as
fleeting as otir lives ttrc. and its relatively in-
consequential ns otir accomplishments may
be. a touch of hope. if not optimism. remains.
It is possible to find happiness in this tenuous
’cxlstcncc. says Faro. it happiness of the nio-
mcnt. As she states ill “I Ain't Afraid":

ll’lti' .l‘lltlll/(l "'0 In' so hard In Item!

.Alml ll't'tll’ (l rims/r ll't‘ must tltf/i'llll. IltI'uIr
tlll'llll' I/lt‘ /Jt'.l'l liltlt'x . . .

their all so t'I'tI:,l‘

Not to make it irlilltl ll't‘ can.

 

l-itro is trying dcspcrtitcly to transcend the
time. place and circumstances of which she
happens to be it part. Site wants to become
even closer to that force that binds its all.
Again, if) creeps the mysticism:

Docs iI sonic/imm-m-nt usi/"yourspiril can-
Hill In! ('llllllllllt'll,

liiri'ilc I/it'.r hotly Iliu/ you try so hard to
lilillllltIf/.. . . .

()ll lllllltllllll. run I really born again?

Faro knows. But posing the question gives
her an excuse to provide the answer. which she
does itt “We'll Always Be Here." By usingthe
last two lines to echo t he title. she emphasized
the realization that this soul-searching has
brought ltcr to. In it sense. she tells as.

W "ll A/ll'llJ'S lie Here

We'll Always 51’ Here.

 

 

 

 
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
     
  
  
  
  
     
    

  
     
      
 
    
     
    
  
    
   
   
    
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
   
   
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
    
  
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
    
 
 
   
 

«:'*~mgn.m.~

- rue-an. v“

    
 
 

