 
        

  
   
   

 
 
    
  

  

   
 
    

   
     
     
     
    
    

   
     
 

 

   
  
     
 
 
 

 

  
  
         
   
       
       
        
      
     
    
    
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
   

 

 

 

ursday.
it most bizarre manhunt

 
  

L; eration A‘rmy jogging on a San
Francisco street. William and Emily

_‘ Harris were taken without a
struggle. Miss Hearst and Wendy

'Yothimura'. an artist linked to. the
tfa ical movement. 'were ap-
prehended about an hour. later,
takenintocustody at an apartment
inithe City's Mission‘District.

“Thank God she‘s all right.” Miss
Hearst‘s mother. Catherine. said in a
barely audible'Voice when informed
of the captures.

Her husband. Randolph A.
Hearst.w:rsin NewYorkonbusiness
and said as he boarded a plane for
San Francisco. "I am very pleased
that things turned out the way they
did." Hearst said that despite the
bank robbery charges against his
daughter. ‘I don't think anything
will happen on that score; after all
site was a kidnap victim. you must
remember.“

In a crowded courtroom 2'/: hours
alter her arrest. Miss Hearst was
arraigned on charges that included
bank robbery and federal weapons
violations. Her bairareddish-brown

 
 

   

stator

\

 .

ﬁx

‘3



 

to
a.
6)
Fl
2
O

dingorieofthe _

 
     
   
  
   
    
   
 

It ,
1 were tinted glasses and

'appeared’qiiite pale. I
. Asked by the judge if her name

was Patricia' Campbell Hearst, site
answered. “Yes.” Miss Hearst was
kidnapped from her Berkeley apart-
ment Feb. 4. 1974' by the then-
mysterious SLA‘. .Within two
months. she had joined her captors
and declared herself a revolutionary.
' In addition to federal. charges.
Miss Hearst'and theHarrises face

. state charges that include kidnap-

ping and robbery. Asst. Dist. Atty.
John Howard in Los Angeles'said
the three would be brought there
next week for arraignment.

William Harris. 30.and Emily,28.
were arraigned after the 2l-year-old
Miss Hearst was taken from the
courtroom. As he entered the room.
Harris raised both fists and said
loudly. “Hey. comrades. keep on
truckin‘."

Bail for all three was set at 3500.-

Miss Hearst. who at one time pos-
ed in_ military fatigues with an
automatic rifle in her hand. were a
mauve-colored long-sleeve shirt.
brown jeans and sandals at her
arraignment. As she stood beforethe
magistrate with her attorney.

 '

meteorite commitments

Honcho-Mo. Hum

 

Friday and Saturday,
September 19 &20

$.50 with tax card
7:00 and 9:30

LC—18

   

$1.00 without

'foldedga'crouherl" , Silo H
what appeared when ilv rband on, .

  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
    

the third ﬁnger of her left hand. ' ‘

Prior to Miss Hearst. Miss»
Yoshimura. 32. was brought before ,

the magistrate. As she was escorted
from the courtroom. she reached
to where Miss Hearst satatadefense
table and squeezed her hand. Then
she was led away to be turned over to
authorities in Alameda County.
where she faces charges of posses-
sion of explosives.
End of the SLA’.’

Before the hearing. FBI agent:
Charles Bates. in charge of the case
from the start. said “This effectively
puts an end to everybody we know
who was in the SLA. He held out the
possibility of further arrests in the
case. however.

The Harrises wercarrestod at l:l5
p.m. as they jogged down a street in
the Mission District. Misses Hearst
and Yoshimura were arrested at 2:35
p.m.

The FBI sttid Patty and Bill and
Emily Harris were the only members
left of the SLA. She was "sighted"
hundredsof times.from the hills of
Tennessee to a Colorado cafe. from a
Los Angelcs freeway to Cuba. Hong
Kong. Algeria and Mexico City.

Virtually all checks on the reports
proved fruitless. The case began a
new phase with odd clues iti April.

 

  
    
 
 
  
   
  
   
  

   
   
 

 
 
  

Jordon Rejects US Arm's Solo Proposal
AMMAN Jordan (AP) Jordan on Thursday rejected conditions set by

’President Ford for the sale of Hawk anti-aircraft missiles as “insulting to

national dignity“ and indicated it may buy Soviet SAM missiles instead.
Prime Minister Zaid Rifai‘s office announced he had informed the U.S. Am-
bassador that Jordan would “regretfully decline to sign the Hawk missile con-
tract under the conditions and limitations contained in President Ford‘s
message to Congress." In that message. Ford assured congressional cri;i:-.
that the 14 missile batteries in the proposed $270 million dealwould tic
stationary'and could not be used by a multinational force. Congress hilt.“
demanded the guarantees so that the Hawks could not be moved within range
of Israel or used by an Arab alliance against Israel. The missiles have a rtingc
of 35 miles.

Azovodo Forms New Provisional Government
LISBON Portugal (Al’) Premier-designate Josc l’inbeiro de AICVL‘tlt)
succeeded in putting together a new. more moderate government Thursday
alter three weeks of difficult negotiations with mutually distrustfttl political
parties. . I

Socialist party officials said Azevedo would present his new cabinet to the
country within 24 hours. It will bcthc sixth provisional government Portugal
has had since the new regime was established by a military coup l7 months
ago.

Chrlstlans and Mosloms Call Truce

BEIRU'F Lebanon (AP) A cease-fire was proclaimed Thursday between
warring Christians and Moslems. but gunfire and explosions shook Beirut
after nightfall. Lebanese residents said the truce was being observed in sortie
suburban combat zones and ignored in others. with the tempo of fighting
picking up at dark. A govcmmcnt announcement said all sides agreed to
cease fire at 4p.m. - I l a.m. EDT.

Ford and Faisal Discuss 00 Prices

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford met Thursday at the White House
with Prince Sttud bin Faisal. minister of state for foreign affairs of Saudi
Arabia.

The princeis in the United States as head ol'thc Saudi delegation to the Uti-
itcd Nations. The President and prince discussed a wide range of issues. iii-
cluding the possibility of an oil price increase later this month by the oil-
prodttcitig and exporting countries.

Postal Service Announces 3 cent Hike

WASHINGTON (AP) The Postal Service said it moved Friday to lttcrcttsc
the cost of a first-class stamp from It) to IJ cents. effective shortly alter
Christmas.

The proposal. filed with the Postal Rate Commission. iilsowould increase
on a temporary basis the cost of a postcard from eight to it) cents.

The proposed increases in first—class mail. postcards and other classes ol
mail would provide the Postal Service with an additional $2.4 billion yearly
lll revenue. a spokesman said.

US Renegotiates Grain Sale

WASHINGTON (AP) Agricultttrc Secretary liarl l.. liut/ said ltltllt)
‘gcnninc progress has been made” on a grain agreement with the Soviet Uri--
ion. Anothcr high-ranking administration oll'icial said it would astirc the
Russians 5 million to it million Inetric tons a year.

But! testified before the House Agriculture Committee one day allcr the
attliiiinistration disclosed the Russians have agreed to pay higher shipping
rates. meaning Atticricun tankers cart he pulled ottt of mothbttlls to carry
graiti to the Soviet Union. Using US tankers could mark a major Slt‘jl
toward a grtiiti-l'or-oil swap with the Soviets.

Coleman Fights for Approval of ConRail
WASHINGTON (AP) Transportation Secretary William T. Coleman .lr.
ttrgcd Congress Thursday to approve the administration's financing plan lor
Con Rail and not to build a “gold plated railroad" that would pttt competing
railroads out of business.

Coleman told the Senate subcommittee on surface transportation that the
financing plan. which calls for spending of less than $2 billion to gct CoiiRuil
started. was adequate.

Con Rail is tltc nantc oftltc quasi-government corporation the government
hopes to set tip by consolidating the massive Penn Central and six other
financially ailing northeastern railroads.

Protests Continue as N.Y.C. Teachers Return
NEW YORK. N.Y.(AI’) A Board of Education spokesman said most ol'tlic
city's 950schools opened nonnttlly. bttt some parents pickctcdttt a llrooklyn
school ttnd kept their cltildrcn out of class to object to a reductiott lIl class
tittic for the Li million pupils. The pickclcrs were protesting the sliortci
school week that was a key element insettling the strike by65.0t)() teachers.
'l'cnchcrs' strikes continued in five other states. with several ofthe walkoiits
tied up iti court actions.

Prosecution of EPL Called Oil

ALBAN Y N.Y (Al’l'l'he New York secretary ol'statc‘s office reverseditscll
Thursday and said it would not request prosecution of the Environmental
Planning Lobby. ll statewide cttvironnicntul-action group, for failing to the
lobbying statements on schedule. The ELI’ litid been listed among 30
businessmen arid special-interest ()i‘gllnlIllllOIlh cited by the slate Wednesday
for supposedly failing to report Wlltll they paid their lobbyists. 'l‘he repotts
tire required by state law.

compiled by Kim Suttort and Matt Kaufnia‘n'

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER 19, 1975

  

      
   
    
   

   
   
  

hm...“ .. v... .

 

by Jim Shaugnessy

Acting ona proposal submitted by
Student Association Vice-President
Rick Meckler some two months ago
which was subsequently accepted by
FSA. the Campus center will
transform one of its first floor
lounges into an arcade.

The conversion. which concerns
the four small lounges situated
above the cafeteria and the present
game room is expected to be com-
pleted by late October.

According to Mcckler. the
proposal called for the transference
of the game room from its current
location so that pinball. ping-pong.
cardsc chess‘ and television
enthusiasts may each occu'py one of
the four lounges mentioned above.
The game rooms‘ present location is
adjacent to the pool room on the first
floor of the Campus Center.

The main changes necessary to ac-
comodtttc the move will be concen-
trated on tile first west side lounge
and will include walling off its two
open sides. changing the lighting
system and installing the electrical
sockets needed to allow the installa-
tion of several game machines. The
excess furniture presently in thc
lottngc will be tnovcd to either the
Fireside Lounge or the present game
room.

A general compluintol'congcstion

 

 

 

- Paras Changeto Be Ma 1 

1.1 the game’i‘room instigated the

_ proposal. while the noise or the

machines and the disruptiveness'of

the ping-pong balls added heavily to 1

its acceptance. The only other alter-
native suggested was the rernoval of
the machines. I

The' noise emanating from the
current game room cannot be con-
tained because of its openess. The
noise tends to echo although advice
was given on acoustics in the hopes
oftoning the noise down. Because of
its location immediately aboveit. the
Fireside Lounge has been rendered
almost useless for study and un-
appealing for socializing. Thus wall-
ing offthe west side lounge will aid in
sound proofing.

With pinball and the other games
centered in ll relatively concentrated
area. SA is hopeful that those
students searching for a semi-quiet
plttcc to congrcgtttc and meet people
without trudging back to donnitory
lounges. will make better use of the
Fireside Lotinge than they have in
the past. Espccially those students
living off-campus.

There are presently eight (not
ncccssarily itt order) pinball
machines in the game room. which
the pinball company claims are
damaged or ripped-off weekly. If the
security ofthc ncw rootn is satisfac-
tory. depending mainly upon the

 

 
  

 
 
    

   
 
 
  

 
 
 

 
 

cooperation and self-discipline of
the students. the company has
agreed to install rows of pinball
machines and possibly football and
air hockey. The original proposal.
cited Meckler. suggested 0 combina-
tion change of person/security

Students playing the pinball machines In the Campus Center glmoroorn.

pany also agreed to periodically
replace machines that don‘t do well.
insuring a wide and varied selection
of games.

A lot of people. or rather a few.
are relaxing ill the pinball

machines. SUNYA netted around

guard but a penurious budget
dcmattds locked doors. However. if
the door system doesn‘t work itswcll
as the pinball company likes. tltc

828000.00 last year (despite the rip-
offs) which indicates that the
machines are grossing upwards of
$50,000.00. Siticc the game rootn

guards will be called in. The coin-

busincss is so

lucrative. SA felt

justified in spending the S|.000.00
necessary to supply the Plant
Department with the materials
necessary for the operation.

The change occuring iii the Cam-
pus Center lounges will not effect the
pinball machines elsewhere on cam-
pus. Although they are trying to
keep them somewhat centralized. it

,is feasible that they might have one

or two implanted in the Rathskcllar
bar when it is completed.

8 Positions Cut from Astronomy Department

by Margaret Matino

Ilaving received their notifiuttion.
five out of six faculty members will
be released front the Department of
Astronomy and Space Scicttcc by
the end ol'tliis academic year. In ad-
ditioti. three non-teaching
professionals will also be released.
“Increasing financial restraints“ as
\chI as a “review of academic
priorities" were the rcasonscitcd for
the departmental dismissals by
fortncr University President Louis
'1'. lienc/ct.

Although the undergraduate
department has itot bccti officially
tcrmitiatcd. |)r. Curtis llcmcnway.
the only professor expected to
return. commented that the cuts in
staff will essentially put an end to tire
undergraduate program.
Rccommcndations made by the
Select Committee on Academic

l’rioritics ditl result iii ii decision to.

SKYDIVING i

For Ages 16 to 60
HIbony Skydiving Center

PO Box I31 Duanesburg, NY
(I7 miles west of Albany on rte 20)
20 minutes from campus

Introductory Offer

offer expires September 26

-k -I------------‘

SEPTEMBER 19, 1975

pliusc ottt the graduate program by
the end of the academic year.

“The decision to dismiss members
of the astronomy department is like
a breach of contract with those
students who came to SUNYA for
tire express purpose of majoring in
astronomy." commented
sophomore Alan Silvcrman. Alan.
who had been considering majors in
citltcr astronomy or astro-physics is
now considering a major iii mtith as a
possible ttltcintttivc.

liarly Inst Scptctnbbr. a group of
“outside experts“ began a review of
the astronomy department. a prac-
ticc that is required for all programs
at Albany. Reports that were
generated by the State Education
Departmcnt. the cotntnittcc that in-
itiated the year long review. were
tiscd as the basis for the recommen-
dations mttdc by the Select Com—
iitittce. These recommendations

$15 OFF

lot jump course

WE'VE TRAINED OVER I000 Isl TIME JUMPERS

student training Holidays , Sat, Sun. at 10AM
—Mon. lbru Fri. by Appt.

collnow (5 I8) 489 8667 or (5l8) 895-8I40

I-I-I-I-I-I-I-IJ

were sent to two additional councils.
the department itself. and their final-
ly to President licnclct fora deci-
sion.

Questions were raised by members
of the astronomy department iti
regard to the integrity with which the
SUNYA councils and committees
acted. A lack of communication
between tltc parties involved was one
of the major accusations.

Explains Dr. Donald
Sclimiilbcrgcr. fortiicr acting chair-
man of the department asofAugusl
3|. l975: “No one from the depart-
ment was ever heard iii a committee
meeting." Although one interview
did take place. he explained that its
pttrposc was only to gain additional
information on the department and
certainly was not a hearing. Dr.
l'lcmcnway likens thc situation iii
general. to not being able to speak at
yotir own trial.

'l‘wo lcttct‘s wcrc written to Presi-
dent llcnczct in the form of a rebut-
tiil. The letters. writtcti May 26 and
.lunc I2. challenged every poittl the
Select Committee made. said Dr.
Sch mttlbcrgcr. The fact that no one
got in touch with any oitcasa result
of those letters raised ll q ticstion as to
whether they were properly cott-
sidcrctl.

It was also pointed out that file
reports submitted by the State
liducaton Department were only the
preliminary reportsJ‘urtlicr
questions were raised as to thc tittic
clement involved. Dr. Schmalbcrgcr
cliii mcd that the ttincty days in which
the Select Committee had to review
all the programs at SU NYA was un-
reasonable. He also pointed out that
the committcc meetings and final
decisions took place dtiring the

summer when few people are
around.
Chairman of the Select Corn-

mitlcc. Vincent O‘l.caiy. agreed that
it was a small amount of time iii
which to operate. He explained tbttt
all decisions to phase out the
astronomy department were meant
to occut’ overa lotigci period oflimc.
lint. lie continued. the State budget
cuts came out and it was probably no
longer possible to consider such an

Wh
THEY

  

approach from President Ilcnezct‘s
ptiitit of view.

The options available to the
graduate students fall itito two
categories. Either they will have to
complete their theses before the
academic year isup.ortbcy will have
to transfer. According to Dr.
Scltmttlbcrgct’. the State Utiivcrsity
of New York lll Stony Brook has a
small undergraduate and graduate
astronomy dcpartmcnt. He pointed

ottt. however. that there are so many 4

fields ol astronomy. it sometimes
may be dill'icult to transfer. About
four or l'i\c grad students are in this
difficult position because theiryvork
lttts hccti lll close association ulth
one prolcssor‘s Work. To try to
duplicate this at another school
would be hard. he continued.
('o-operutive Program ‘

One possibility that is under iii-
vestigation for the undergraduates is
that of a co-opcrative program with
neighboring schools such as Union
College or R. I’.I. Howei cr. said Dr.
llcmcnway. “At present R.I’.|.‘s
astronomy department is also cut-
ting bitck and they are without a
president. Union only has a small
program." As of yet. no specific
rccommcndatioits hiive been made
by Dr. Ilcmcnivay lll this regard.

tie
LAST

Student Discount Cards

Now Available

APPLY TODAY

W. L. Coughtry Co. Inc.

Hours: M-F 8:00-5:00, Sat. 9t00-2t00

* Art * Graphics * mm"

524 BROADWAY

Supplies
ALBANY

Tel. 463-2192
MEMBER or PARK a snort

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   

PAGE THREI

 

e". ,2... .

  

.5
t
1*
'1

t
I.

 

 
 
      

as. wet}!

