 

59':

 

 “unwrgg. m.“

' F   m
claim" "5;

       
 

by Blll Hughes
“Betsy Ross sewed the ﬁrst ﬂag."
Olympus: Ben Franklin
Manny Heligorkas lives in an apartment high abovethe Avenue of
the America's between a noted Mid-town analyst and a famous
model. There is a doorman in a blue jacket with gold buttons who
serves as a buffer between the harsh realities of the Manhattan streets
and the red plush carpeting. In the spacious lobby, a Vogue lady with
two white Samoas boards the elevator.

On ﬂoor 52. the doors part to reveal more red plush and a tall. thin
black man in an off-white tailored suit with a noticeable bulge
underneath his coat.

“Manny ain‘t back from court yet."

Manny had been subpoenaed in regard to two hundred pounds of
marijuana found in an eastside apartment. The grand jury wanted to
know if he knew anything about it. He did.

Manny‘s apartment was bustling with activity. There were some
guys in white coveralls trying to get an oil painting of George
Washington off the wall. There was an old washwoman in a soiled
blue dress cleaning out the bar. There was another gentleman in a
maroon tailored suit trying to move a gold velvet loveseat from in
between two antique colonial end tables.

“Andrew, man. Gimme a hand wit' dis."

Andrew was my escort. He gestured to the couch with a ﬂick of his
long, black hand and suggested l relax. it seemed that everything in

the room had either already been shipped or was in the process of
«being crated for shipment. Andrew grabbed the other end of the
loveseat and they left. There was a minor commotion in the hallway.
seconds later Manny Heligorkas entered the room. He was jubilant
in a white leisure suit, white shirt. and white Panama hat pulled low
over his eyes gangster style.

 

He was jubilant in a white
leisure suit, white, and white

Panama hat pulled low over

his eyes gangster style.

 

 

 

Bacchus

“How was court?“ I asked.
V “Dynomite. You shoulda checked the Man's face out when the
Judge threw it out."

“How did you beat it.“

"Simple. I had Andrew rent the apartment under the name of

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 

seventy-twp but the- pilot in «in then. ire. mm lo and bretdthst

 

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 

 

 
   
   
   
 

 

Johnson. Dig, me and Andrew don't look anything at all alike."

“So what happens now?“

“I'm resignin'. I quit. They won‘t have Manny N. to kick around

anymore. I been dealing for seven years and this is the closest I‘ve e\er
come to getting popped. Shit, the only other trouble I had was Mllllt‘
ehickenshit about misusing this dude‘s bread in the late fifties. A lot
of people know me. man. In this city alone, there are. like. six lllllL'
narcs who want my Greek ass.
' I bought housein Greece. Nice Overlooksthc sea and I might go
into the dairy business. This last thing was too damn close. The heat
was putting a lot of pressure on the landlord to LD. the dude wlw
rented the apartment. They knew it was us, we stamp M. N. on L'Wl'.‘
key (kilo) but they couldn‘t prove it. We had to cover it up. Let me hit)
this, it was necessary to persuade this landlord to have a lapse of
memory.“

“How‘d you do that.“

“Well, this particular loandlord has this preference. Like. he digs
boys. Young boys, if you know what l mean. Sol gave this kid some
bread to develop a friendship with the old dude. The kid has him over
one day, and 1 got Andrew in the closet with a Nikon. Snap, Snap.
When the landlord calls me to ask what to doabout the cops, l leave it
up to him. Either forget who rented the apartment or'wifie‘ gets sumc
pictures for the family album. Needless to say, he was persuaded. I'lllh
busrness, man it's like politics, you can't be too careful."

 

 
 

“Manny, you ever get arrested before.“

“Naw, too slick for that, Jack. My record‘s clean. I mean, I'm an
odds player. The average dealer get‘s popped at least once every four
years. I mean eight years on the outside. But times are tight. The
-cops might buy people, you know someone in your own office might
testify against you.

A few years back, we gave moneytocops in certain neighborhoods
but the Knapp commission cut all that shit out. Dig. it's a bad time for
grass. l dunno maybe it‘s an election year or this bicentennial
nonsense. I dunno but the cops are playing for keeps these days.“

“How‘d you get into dealing?"

“Wow, I always got high but then one day I found out there‘s a lot
of bread in it. i really went nuts for the stuff in Nam. l was a gunner on
a helicopter and we used to fly these runs into Thailand to defoliate
the fields of reefer. We used to fly over miles of grass. It was great.
your eyes would betearingfrom the smell. We were supposed to stralf
the workers and napalm the herb. But we couldn‘t do that; they were
only workers. So we negotiated a little treaty. They give us a hundred
keys or so and we'd go on our way. We'd hover off the ground and
they'd push it up to us. We‘d all get highand shot upthej'ungle on the
way back to the base. When we got back, we‘d sell it to this guy atTan
Shon Nhut who‘d ship it home in aluminum body boxes. hrom
Frisco, it would go by train to DC. and then to New York, where
Andrew held down the fort. That's how I spent the war. 1 got out in

 

 

 

   

he bought his own air freight operation. l’ll cheek himout when I go
to Greece. He’l fine; ' ' ' "

“How much money did you malte‘l".

' “Over there or hue?“

ItBO'h.VIV ' ‘L .

“ bet me say this man, a lot. We made about ten grand apiece for, let
me see, four years. We made thirty-eight runs. I dunno. When] hit
Hawaii for R and R, ‘l was worth four hundred grand  I've easily
made a hundred grand a year plus expenses‘since I‘ve been home.
Like, it's all in stocks and big Mac bonds. Like, I'm the only one who

. wanted to help the city, man. I wish I didn't, the market's bad. I'd

have to call my accountant for a precise ﬁgure. Most of my money‘s
been made here. Ending that war was the biggest economic mistake l
could think of. Oh, well.” ' _

“What time is it?“

“About three.“

“You wanna take a ride?"

“0. K.“

 

  

“lleligorkas, this is a subpoena ‘0
appear in Manhattan Criminal‘

Court on October 13,1975. Failure
to appear will be contempt of court."

 

 

 

Phoenix

Manny gave the washwoman a hundred dollars. He gave each of
the guys in coveralls a fifty. He picked up a blue Pan-Am ﬂight bag,
surveyed his former dwelling and left.

“Afternoon, Mr. H.." said the doorman.

“What‘s goin‘ on. Henry?"

“Nice day, Mr. H.  I hear Kissinger‘s in China.“

"Yeah, real nice day," chimed Manny thinking ot'somethingelse.

“Matthew Nikolas Heligorkas,“ said a voice behind us.
“Heligorkas.this is a subpoena to appear in Manhattan Criminal
Court on October I], I975. Failure to appear will be contempt of
court.“ The voice came from a rumpled fatman in a Robert Hall
jacket. His friend in a black Plymouth with the ship antenna looked

on approvingly.

“See ya in court.“

Manny gave Henry the doorman a hundred dollar bill as Andrew
rounded the cornerin Manny‘s gold Lincoln. He accepted the piece of
paper and got into the car.

“What are you going to do about that?" 1 finally asked after ten
minutes of silence. Somewhere between Manhattan and the
'l‘ri borough Bridge, Manny made a paper airplane. Hetold me about
the dairy farm he wanted to buy in Greece.

“Greece is beautiful, man. Those people know how to live. Work a
little and then sleep or walk on the beach. Talk with your friends.
swim. That water is the best thing in the world for my bursitis.

There's no muggers in Greece, no litter, and none of this fucking
pollution either.“

There was a lot oftraflic on the bridge. Mannylowered the electric
window and launched his plane. The sun twinkled off his gold pinky
ring as the plane sailed gently over the water. Manny was pensive and
reflective.

At Kennedy Airport, Manny gave Andrew a kiss and told him he
could keep the car. He shook my hand.

“So you wanna be a writer. huh?"

"Yeah, I hope so.“

"Any money in that.“

"No."

“You outta join the army or else become a politician.“

“Your attention please. Olympic Airway‘s flight seventeen seven-
six for Athens now boarding at gate l. Announcing Olympic Airways
flight seventeen seven six, non-stop to Athens, now boarding."

“Yassou. Manny.“

Andrew bought me a beer as we watched the bright blue and red
plane disappear into the clouds. There was a tear in his eye.

 

********************sssHW************************

a short story in which‘the author diseourses on the true nature of 901m“

 

 

 

 

