 

. ...‘.ew_ﬂ-m.a"mmw .

TODAY

n a  Youth Orgerild'atlen‘lAlbanyis 

sing a representative to the C70 organisational convention in

Chicago, Nov. 27'”. Conle to a briel, inlormol meeting, Fri. at 7
 p.m. in the CC ﬁreside lounge.
C 0 0
Womens Celtee Home,
Tri- City Women's Center, Fri. Nov. 2‘, 9 p.m. Donation, 82. For
into cell Sharon 463-4690. '

. ~ I . Q Q
~ looldng tar Christian leﬂewehlp? Albany; Evangelical
Christiane meet every Fri. night in] in CC 315 tor prayer and
 , d | I .

CM  tokghta't 7p.m. in E0346. Singing
and oneg to lollow liberal rm. All are welcome. bring your
ri l

O I d
The Ruthie, a Christian Colleeheuse, will have as guests this
week, Slmﬂe Truth, lrom Kansas, at Lisha's Kill Reformed
Church, 2l3l Centred Ave. Fri. Nov. 2|, 7:30 p.m. Everyone is
wdcome. For lurther inlo cdl 37l-0769 or 3702790.

french Cdloe House, Fri: Nov..2l &30 p.m. H0 354. Come eat
French pastries, enioy French music and speolt Frenchl

THIS WEEKEND

Welcome to the Grand opening at the new Kosher rim and
Faldd House at 483 Washington Ave. Sat. Nov. 22, TO p.m.
Delicious exotic loads and Israeli Music.

Going to Church, but don't know how to get there? Pineview
Community Church sends a bus to Dutch Quad at l0:40 every Sun
morning.

Spanish Club: All invited! Culture Day is Sun. Nov. 23, 1-4 p.m.
H0 354. Cooking demonstration, guitar playing, slide show,
games and relreshments.

This weekend, Saul lroudy (Folk 3. Blues) at the Freeze-Dried

Cdleehause. CC Assembly Hall. Doors open 8:30 until midnight.

Free with tax. 5. 75 without. Relreshments available. For inlocall
457-4735.

international Night '73, sci. Nov: 22, a p.m. Page Hall
Auditorium, Draper. Tickets at door “.50 withtax, 52. without.

Anyone interested in unending an Orthodox Christian
Fellowship group is urgedta attend our meetings on Sun. a p.m.
in the CC Patroon Lounge. For inlo call Terry 436L535.

I
i
s
t
i
i
It
i
t
t

v
4;
°¢

“1:

 

INTERESTED IN HELPING?

omens-eta ‘nniliiuI"IMUWIVIIODWWWIOMOIthllﬁlﬁ****utlttj ‘m.***.'***s

l'eaturing dossicd and lolk musicians.

***#M*‘**“**l*ﬁ#m****ﬂ*n**ﬂ .

A CA E  REfi-iiiNDs YOU TH
THANKSGIVING, WE’LL BE PRESENTING:

\ \PLEASANT-
r

Sat. Net. 22 at Mo on. w
~‘ et’MatherolOod. lot“
am Add-t3”.

use: “ '*  ‘e’ monthly no. Mon. Nov. 24,
7:30 melECusack Auditorium, St. Peters  Speaker: Dr.
lawrence Vollet, on Children and Dtabttts.

C I Q
.Steppenwell the movie version at the novel by Herman Hesse.
will be shown'ln connection vn‘th German 240: The Werld el
Herman Hesse. There willbevthree performances on Mon. Nov.
24, at 2:10 in lC 23, and at 7 and 0:45 p.m. tn LC 7.

There will be on Alumni 'Ouadioﬂd.meeting Mon. at 7p. m. in
the Alden Main lounge. This meeting is open to all interested
students.

The Albany Table Tenrils Cltib mehts every Mon. lrom 7 to
‘ 1030 p.m. in the 2nd Floor Men's Aux. Gym.
0

t C . -
Pro-low Society meeting. Speaker: Paul Kietzmon lrom the law
lirm at Rosenblum and levanthal. Mon. Nov. 24, Bp.m. LC ll.

0 Q I
Klub Polski will sponsor an international symposium, Mon. Nov.
24, 7 p.m. H0 354. All students having participated Ill loretgn
exchange programs are urged to attend; all interested students
invited. Ielreshments served.

. . e

Those WSUA 640 specials keep on rolling vn'th Album and Artist

ol the Weelr Shows. This Mon. Nov. 24 at 8 listen to Guest-Host

Neil Seigel on the Album ol the Week, leaturing the new Natl

Young Album; Zuma. Tues. at 0 listen to Guest-Host Paul Rosen-

that lor artist ol the week. Jim Croce. Free albums will be given
away on both shows.

Bloodmobile is coming. 'Man. Nov. 24 lrom 9 to 4 in the CC
Ballroom. Sign up inthe CC Lounge Wed. and Thurs. Sponsored
by 5 Quad Ambulance.

Oil Campus Association sponsors inlormol question and answer
sessions, Tues. Nov. 25 with Niagra Mohawk. CC Patroon
Lounge, “:30 -l:30.

Gay Alliance, meeting eiery Tries. in Patroon Room lounge at 9
p.m. Everyone welcome.
. . .

Judo Club meets in the Gym Wrestling Room Tues. at 7 p. m. and
Thurs. at 6. Beginner's class starts at 7:30 n Thurs. For inlo coll
Andy at 7-7705 or Bonnie at 7-7875.

Baha'i Club ol SUNYA ihlormdtion dnd discussion open to all.
Tuesdays at 7:30 p.m. in the CC Room 373.

An interesting class in Alishna, Midraih, Chassidic and Jewish
philosophy is given everyTuesday evening by Rabbi lsrael Rubin
at his home 122 50. Main Ave. 8 p.m. All are welcome. For inla
call 482-4781.

There will be a meeting at University Speakers Forum every
Tues. night at 7:30 p. m. in the Patroan Lounge. All are welcome.

i'chrtrir

.’ flr.:..

9
\°
’/“°/

\ THAT EVENING -/ h

min .x'slH Hi 11'... :2, . Ill

AT WHEN~“‘Y‘O

vl|"' t.

.SlHVIMA!’
llEIHENﬂBlﬂR.7,
AT 6:15 PM

CALL MARK 482-0128

A N Y i l M E
m g: ‘ el  —“soloarltlst will be in residence at
SUNVA Dec. 4-6. Dance . He will, hold a series at classes and
workshops at the Dance StudioGym. Perlormance ol Jan

Changes will be Dec. 5 at 0:30 .m. For inlo. call D D .
4525 or PAC stilt-attic. 7.8606. um 8"" 7

Gone With the Wind is.comln.g.  5,6 8. 7. Albany State
' Cinema.
C W i

All 55W 390 (Community service} students who have not yet
turned in their papers will FAll community service it they do not
' hand them in immediately or call 7-4801,
.

Q t
The END is near-— tor Community Service Evaluation
Sessions—all 55W 290 students must attend one—check your
requirement sheets or call 7-4801 lortime blocation ol sessions.

0 I e
Signum loudis—is ollering two $500. scholarships this year. All
SI. members are invited to compete. ll you are a senior and have
a 3.75 GPA with at least 56credits on A-E grading at SUNYA and
have not been invited to ioin SL call Gary Maynard 4577971.
0 e t

Student Association, is looking tor a volunteer to serve as a

Communications Director. There’s no experience necessary

only desire. ll you're looking lor an executive position in SA, and

will give 15-30 hours/weak ol yourtime, cometo see Andy, in CC
346.

0 4 0
Graduate Assistants: The Grad. Student Assoc. has created a
committee to look into your obligations and rights as on
employee ol the State ol N.Y. We need people to aneSllgate
dillerent aspects al this problem so we may deline your tolr- in
terms ol rights and not iust obligations. For lurther into (all Tom

. . .
Anyone who has had problems with 575, please lill out a NYPIRG
complaint lorm and place it in an ETS Complaint Box, located by
the check-cashing line in the CC or in the Library lobby, Com
plaint lorms are available bythe boxes or in the NYPIRG Olltre,

CC 333.
. . .

Graduating seniors and graduate students interested in being
considered for lellowships or teaching assistantships in
France lor l976-77 may obtain application terms and iurthev
info in the Ollice Oi international Programs, 55 372
Applications must be received no later than Dec. l
. . s

Vlftn a brand new Conan TX SLR with case and 50 mm ll 8

lens . . . iust enter the State Phato—SUNYA Camera Club

Photography Contest. Details at State Photo or call Joe Ingonm

at 457-3002.

Grievance lorrns concerning complaints at sexism are now

available in CC 8. Tower Ollices. Call Jill lor lurther inlo at 438
4260.

e e e

The November-December issue at the Oll Campus Community
Newsletter, is now avialble at the CC inlo Desk, AD tom,
Library, Draper, Brubacher and the Wellington
. .. .

. {5 ~ ; ffgﬂeeeeumuv

U RETURN FROM

-¥¥¥W*¥*’F

-ass-ssasnsnss‘-

 

IN THE
GYM

--‘x*********** i ‘

 

FUNDED BY SA.

 

 

PAGE TEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NOVEMBER 21, 1975

 

 

The Albany Student Press Arte Section

Stole University ol New York at Albany

' _ November 21, 1975

 

by Kim Sutton

Where have all the young men gone?

Gone to soldiers everyone . . .

Thcsoothingvoicc of Pete Sccgcr ﬁlled
the theatre, whilcslidesof political figures
of the 60's were ﬂushed on a screen, set-
ting the mood for that special time ten
years ago. Moonchiltlren by Michael
Wcllcr opcnchcdncsday.Novembcr 19,
in SUNYA‘s Main Theatre. The play por-
trays scven college students living in an
apartment off campus in I965.

We who are students now can
remember our ﬁrst conceptions of college
life. College consisted of panty raids,
jittcrbugs, fraternities, freshman beanies.
beer blasts, and a rowdy good time in our
cashmere sweaters and Brooks Brothers
jackets. Then, as we entered Junior High
School, our older siblings set us straight.
College was the "sexual revolution." the
“drug culture,“ and, most importantly,
protesting the immoral Vietnam War.

How times have changed. Sex and
drugs are commonplace; there is nothing
to unite us all, to draw us together. We no
longer care about student control of ghe
university. We don‘t care about-much
anymore, except how to enter an unac-
comodutlng job market, ,, , F, a _

Moam'hi/(lren is not only a play about
students protesting war. It is a playabout
young adults desperately trying to find
some meaningtolifc, tofind out whothey
are and where they fit in with a new set of
values. It is poignant uccausc the
audience can identify with the characters
and their universal problems, even
though pcrhups we are now alien to that
era.

Director Edward Goldcnsuccccds with
an excellent script and cast. The pctty
ﬂaws of too short hair and glarineg
stcrcotypcd costumes can be overlooked.
They do not detract from the essentials of

 

The Children of
The Age of Aquarius

the play.

The set throughout is the kitchen. it is
complete with black-light posters. peace
signs and an American Flagdrapcd over a
beam. The linoleum on the floor is not
quite ﬁnished. lt‘s shabby, it's typical and
highly appropriate.

The play begins with Mike, Ruth and
Coolie sitting on the floor in the dark
watching an imaginary cat give birth.
Norman, a graduate student in math, is
sitting at the table waitingforthe lights to
be turned on so he can resume his study-
ing. Dick comes in and immediately
checks the refrigerator to see if anyone
has eaten his hamburgers. Soon after,
Kathy cntcrs, upset because her boyfriend
Bob has been acting strangely lately.
After a discussion of “What could be the
matter with Bob?" he enters. The play
deals with the problems of these seven
people, all living together in one apart-
mcnt.

As the play progresses Norman goes on
his ﬁrst peace march. He is the character
with the most depth, the one who un-
dergoes the most change. Norman starts
out "straight" and unl'it‘l’ormcd about
Vietnam. He is enlightened by Dick, who

_ ypkqs him onthat.ftrstrnarchJIhereNor-

man mc'cts his girlfriend Shelly. The two
of them became committed to the cause,
to the extent that they try to burn
themselves in protest.

Tight Family?

In the meantime, Bob has been cttllcd
for his physical. He considers himself as
good as dead. He shuns any help that
Kathy tries to give him and the inevitable
breakup occurs.

A oncc close “family” disintcgt‘atcs
throughout the play. The pressures of war
and the future tear them apart as grad ua—

"at. " _

' husky
Norman, played by Earl Mayer. gets some oomtort and support tram his glrltrtend
Shelly, Pamela Nyberg.

tion day moves closer. An idealistic group
of students become disillusioned as they
realize they are not as “tight” as they
thought and the problems of the world
are not being solved.

Mike and Cootic arethetwo characters
who don‘t seem to change, they remain
close through the entire play. Michael
Reid and Scott Fcrcncc arc marvelous as
an inscpcrablc comedy team. Their tim-
ing is magnificent.

Deborah Ottaviano. as Ruth, is ex-
cellent. Ruth bccomcs hitter as she
realizes that changes are occuring in their
friendships. that thcrc is no longer any
communication bctwccn thcm. Deborah
is morc and more convincing as her

coeds, nuth end We (stayed. respesltvsty. by doott t'erenos. Deboreh Oltovlono end latched
Reid) clowning around In I moment at tun In their eoertment.

character is revealed to the audience.

Also convincing was Earl Moyer. His
characterization of Norman possessed
the depth it needed to make his drastic
change believable.

Pamela Nybcrg‘s Shcllcy was both
humorous and touching as an air-
braincd, lonely girl whoidolizcs Norman
and wants so much to he accepted by the
group.

As the other characters so aptly put it,
uYou‘re a shit, Dick!" John Ryderis both
to he hated and loved. His portrayal of
someone selﬁsh and egotistical, yet with
emotions he is afraid of letting surface is
excellent.

Shelly Sternbach‘s Kathy at times
shines and one can feel for her hurt at
Bob‘s rejection of her. At other times she
is unconvincing and her acting is static.
Morc variation was needed in her
dcllvcry.

Paul Higgins‘ Bob is most brilliant at
the end of the play. He lcts loose the
emotions he has bottled up inside for six
months, creating the most touching mo-
ment in the play.

Pop Slogans

A most effective technique was
employed bctwccn scenes, that of using
slides and music ofthc 60‘s. As the faces
and popular slogans of that time
appeared on a screen, the audience listen-
ed to the immortal lyrics of Simon and
Garfunkel and The Beatles. They served
to remind us ofthosc problems that were
so real then, and now only a hazy blur in
history.

Moortt'hl/(lren was a superb blend of
what makes good theatre. It was funny
and moving and thought provoking. ll
dc-mystilies that period and shows us
that, despite the love students had for .
each other we now tend to glorify, they
were still individuals who not only felt
strongly about sociel problems but host
their personal problems to deal with as
well.

 

 

