 
 

 
  
 
 

  
        

 
 
  

  
      
  

. i

 Mm... yea-M.» .1- »_MM_.,.

 "’n-‘Zwirgprzf'bi-u ~, . . ._. . . .

.. M...- ...; i .
... tr «3‘ YW-r‘hquzumu.

 

 

 

3
5,
i
s
j. i

 

I.
(<1 \0‘

i‘: 1
i ‘

Hf.-
i,
f.

if i’
t a
 I
n
l
l
in}

    

New ( a) Assemny

; rSpeskerStanley sternum his

'sois'. Robert’s” New YorkOty coun-
cilman. were indicted on charges of
prbinisirtg a non-paying cityjobto a
. Bronx businessman in return for I
.151500 ‘4 ' campaign contrubution,
Brooklyn‘ -Diit. ', Atty. Eugene
Gold said Thursday. .
. The indictment o'fl'the speaker
throws potential confusion into the
‘state political situation just when
g Gov. Hugh Carey has calledthe state
leg'slatureb‘ack .into special session
next week to respond to the New
York City and state ﬁnancial crisis.
The Steinguts allegedly offered an
honorary city job to Hans
Rubinfeld, an owner of two clothing
stores and president of the Bronx
Chamber of Comerce. in September.
I973. when Roben was running for
the councilman-at-lurge seat from
Brooklyn, according to Gold.
$2,500 Paid
Rubinfeld gave Robert 52.500 in
two cash payments. Gold said, but
Steigut never reported the con-
tributions, nor did Rubinfeld ever
get his promised job. 1
Robert received a55.000payment
in $|00 bills in October. I973. at a
dinner honoring his father. accor-
ding to Gold. and Rubinfeld gave
him the other SIOIIO in November.
Both Steinguts were indicted by a
Brooklyn grand jury on charges of
corrupt use of position or authority.
afelony. Roberalso faces allegations

   

 
 

  

' " at
ofelecfionla an ’ ‘
—Making an appareme 'false
"IRWIN: '

—Ofl‘ering e false immanent for

liling. and

, —-Tw0 counts of crimes against
the elective franchise.
.’At a news conference in his

Brooklyn ofﬁce. Gold said Steingut. ,

55. could face up 'to four years in
prison if he is convicted of the
charps against him. Hesaid Robert.
30. could face up to eight years.

“I am innocent of the outrageous
charges contained in the grand jury

’ indictment." Steingut said in a state-

ment. “l have never offered anyonea
political appointment in exchange
for campaign contributions for
either myself or my son.”

Robert Steingut was electedtothe
councill in I973. having defeated
several opponents in a Democratic

primary. As a councilman, he has .

very little patronage to distribute.
but hisfather has hundreds ofjobsto
give out asspeakcrand also has close
ties to Mayor Abraham Beame. The
Steinguts, and Beame. as well as
Gold. are all products of the
Brooklyn Democratic organization.

“It is not a pleasant situation,“
Gold said of the indictments. “It is
not a happy occasion, but it is my
responsibility to ’ conduct in-
vestigations whenever the evidence
indicates that this would be ap-
propriate.“

For next week's special session.

  

including: .

' Careyhas is is: “menses... he i
maybe forced to'seek state action to
» head offs default by several stateln- A

dependent authorities, including the
giant Housing Finance Agency.
Whether Steingut. the second

-ltighest Democrat in state govern-

ment next to Carey. will be affected
by the indiument within the
legislature remains to be seen. But
one legislator who asked not to be
identified. acknowledged. “It ob-
viously is going to be an em-
barrassing situation.“
No Move Soon

The legislator added that he did
not expect any immediate move to
remove Steingut from his post and
said that any such move would de-
pend on whether the charges invthe
indictment stand up during future
legal proceedings.

Steingut was elected speaker
earlier this year after the Democrats
gained a majority in the lower house
in the 1974 elections. bitt he was
challenged by Assemblyman
Andrew Stein. the only Democrat to
vote against Steingut‘s election.

Stein contended that Steingut had
told him not to investigate nursing
home owner Bernard Bergman, a
charge which Steingut never denied
under oath.

Steingut said he would seek a
quick trial and added that. “I intend
to continue with the important
business of the legislature in my

  
 
 
 

Moroccans March Into Spoolsh Sahara
KILOMETER EIGHT. lrllde Spgldslt SIIIara(A P) In scc ncs rem inisccnt at
a biblical epic. tens of thousands of Moroccan volunteers waike 5% m"...
through a blinding dust‘storm in searing desert heat today on their “Mitrcliiii
Conquest" into the Spanish Sahara. They walked for three hours to a point
just four kilometers (2% miles) away from the Spanish SO-Callcd “dissuitsion
line“ of alleged minefields, barbed wire and heavy armored units. No
incidents were reported. A senior police officer controlling the march siiid
"We will stay here overnight and tomorrow morning. we will see." ‘

NSA Reads Overseas Telegrams

WASHINGTON (AP) The National Security Agency mud I501“,
international telegrams each month in recent years in an apparently illcgul
scheme to eavesdrop on global communications. SCIIiIIL‘ llllt'iilgcnci-
committee Chairman Frank Church said today. The lclcgt'ttltis \tctclttrnctl
over to the supersecrct spy agency by RCA Global. 1 l I World
Communications and Western Union International. Church Silld \Vliunihc
operation. code named Shamrock, began. it was directed iii "ton-m”
intellcgence targets.“ Church added. But when it was halted in Mitt ol if")
year. he said. the program included the review of over seas lllL‘\.\il).'L‘~i win h.
American citizens. '

Rockefeller Comments on VP Wlthdrawal

WASHINGTON (AP) Vice President Nelson A. Rockefeller said lhiiriiliii
he withdrew from President Ford‘s l976tickct tospztrc Ford I'ronilicpuhliciin
“party squabbles“ that were complicating his campaign lllllllllxl thi-

‘ HF  P39 P

Food and Vending Thefts‘C'ontinue A

capacity as speaker.“

impending challenge from Ronald Reagan. Rockefeller told it nitiioniilli
broadcast news conference that Ford is “my candidate“ for I976 hiii

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
    

 

 

' " ‘ he " with the assessment by the President‘s campaign
managers that his presence on the ticket would damage Ford. Three times in
the half-hour session. Rockefeller refused to rule out prospect he would hL‘L‘k
the presidency if Ford's campaign falters in the early I976 pi'iiniirics. He
called that passibility “speculation l have not made."

House Passes Consumer Interest Bill
“WASHINGTON (,Al’) (The House on Thursday passed it bill to crL‘lIlt.‘ it

azm wrainltagency toiwatcli out f orconsuraenioteriaitsinprivatc business and the
federal government. 3|}I‘s2 Housmbill now goes to it conferc ncc with the Senate
to resolve differences between their two versions of the controversial
consumer legislation. The legislation would establish an independent.
nonregulatory agency to represent the consumer in otltcr l’cdcriil llgCllt‘)
proceedings and before the courts. The agency would receive consumer
complaints. direct them to appropriate federal departments and tollow upon
action.

Rocky Call: for Congress to Help NYC
WASHINGTON (AP) Vice President Nelson A. Rockefeller siiid lhiindii)
that alth0ugh he and President Ford differ on how the New York (in
national crisis should be handled, under either plan “it‘s going to come out
more or less the same." Rockefeller repeated his oft-stated stand that it the
city took steps to balance its budget Within three years. Congress should help
it brtdgc that time gap. The vice president saidthe federal government would
have to guarantee debt certiﬁcates proposed by Ford as an clciiicnt til it
restructuring of New York ‘City‘s debt under supervision ol ludcﬂll
bankruptcy court.

Saxe’s Lawyer Contests Court Order

WORCESTER. MISS-(AP) A court order limiting the number «II SIM"
btixe's visitors and rcfusingtotransfer her out ofthc House of Cot icction trill
be contested. her lawyer said Thursday. “We're being put in an oiitctiiihli-
Pflslltittt." said Attorney Nancy'Gcrtner of Boston. The order ciititc hm“
(.lttcl Justice Walter H. McLaughlin ofthe Superior Court iit rchptIIINL‘lH-l
request from Sheriff .loscph A. Smith. Smith had sought the triiiistci ot Iltt'
lltfmcr fugitive several weeks ago. contending his jail was overcrowded iind
the stream of paralegal aides visiting Ms. Saxe. who prefers lhiil designation
could cause security problems and hostility among the other 270 minute»

NYC Money Crisis HInders Budget Bill's

AljBANYv N-Y- (AP) New York City‘s ﬁnancial crisis. which hits tilrciid)‘
scrlously undermined the credit of the state and local governments in Nu“
York Stiller apparently encouraged voters to reject a series oi proposed IIL‘“
borrowmg efforts in the off-year election. A $250 million bond muc Inr
subSildized housing projects for the elderly was overwhelmingly dU‘IC‘l‘C“
'"i’ddﬂy by ‘1 L796.800 to l,035.78l vote with 97 per cent of the distiicts
counted. “Anything that waved a dollar sign was bound to he dctciiicd."
commented state Sen. Bernard Gordon. R-Westchcster. on chiiesdtt)’-

Connelle Purges Pollca Fllas

ALBANY. N-Y- (AP) State Police Supt. William Connelic ackttowlcdgcd
_rhl{l‘sdﬂy that he is cleansing department records of extensive noncriniiiiiil
ttclltgcnce'files, but said he was not aware that any ofthcm were dossiers 0|
POIiticul dissidents. Connelie's statement was a denial of charges by w'““""
Naddﬂdi head Of 3 llIllicit“ legislative committee. who said the files being
purged were dossiers on individuals and organizations collected solely
“muse "Icy held dissenting political-views. The State Police chief stud.
Camry. the materials “were not collected because of dissenting POII“Cal

 

I‘m“! to"
Dilly "U ‘
and Mncliintosh IS dead
ﬂmhhuﬂﬁlyﬁm
w I I isouumvm-tumvmmmdymﬂ.
omelet-umwsmoiiaummm
c) FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 7 if)
7:30 and 9:30 . 50‘ w/tax
LC—18 $1.25 w/ out
i] SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 8 i]
DY WARHOIIS
“gum
AUl MORRIS“
“Md W rhol' MOI!“ '
campy“: seekers and v 
who sat time his
FWKENSTEI and savored every
madcap M at It should have a
m ME"-Mhylnul~
funded by student association
PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

/

NOVEMBER 7. 1975

 

 

Cafeteria food thefts have not
been monumental. As Zahm says.
says that every month it list comes “It‘s not a serious loss but losses I
out containing the names of those don'tthink we should havcto put up
who have passed bad checks, with.“ He adds. “No unusual
Students notorious for passing bad methods are used. but of course if
paper are rcfcrrcdto Student Cout1. they are that clever. We probably
Students who continue this practice haven‘t caught up to them.“ Accor-
willi regularity are referred to ding to Gary O‘Connor. it is the
Albany Court. Unless the Court perpetual thieves who are caught.
finds them innocent. they FSA‘s greatest losses arcincurrcd
attloitiaticiilly lose check-cashing through their check cashing service.
privileges I'orthc rest ofthc year and In September I974 clteck cashing
tIic citlirc following year. In the lost $840. In September I975. they
summer. when Student Court is not made it profit—$27.

ill session. offenders are referred Vending, however. is another
directly to the Albany Court. story. In September l974.they made

Some students write cliecksfor ac- a $3,557 profit. In that same month
counts they have closed. This is more in I975. they made it profit ol‘$6.598.
difficult to deal with. Twice ti year Campus Center food service had
"holds" are put on the records of anincome of $3.094in Septctnbcr of
students “famous” for passing bad I974. In September of I975.thcirin—
checks. This seldom does any good come was $I3.336.
because some of these students are According to the September
quitting school anyway. As a last Monthly Financial Report for FSA.
resort. people are referred to the on February 14, I975. the Board of
national collection agency used by Directors (of the FSA) passed a
FSA. If a student being sought has resolution to begin new and stricter
moved. his name will also be givcnto regulations for check cashing in the
the agency, which will try to locate hope they will reduce a “serious
him. FSA. in addition to the bank, problem of bad checks.“ No second
sends the offending student alettcr. party personal checks are accepted.

Fingerless notices are posted outlining legal

University Police De‘ccuve Gary penaltiesforcashing bad checks. and
O‘Connor cites what used to be a Slum“! “"1 Albany courts are
reason for the acceptance of bad Prosecuting Offenders
checks. Prior to this semester, FSA “The report ending May 3|. I975
accepted second-party checks— shows the highest number of out-
forgeries. Now they only take first-. standing bad checksin recent years.“
party checks. Of course.’ltﬂey"still""' ' "To worsen the problemisince
might be faced with “insufficient “May'ls‘the lust"month' (ff-classes,
funds" problem. In this instance. a many students delay repayment of
student will be contacted. The stu- their bad checks untillatesummer or
dent Will either make good on the fall semester—creating what is in
check or he will be arrested. Accor- face an “interest free loan.“
ding to O'Connor. it is rare that a Comparing September I975 to
faculty member passes a bad check. September I974. there is some in-

Vending Vandals dication that the tremendous in-

Zahm acknowledges that the ven— crease of bad checks at the end of
ding machines were not as badly hit May is reversing.
this year as they Werelast year. What As a result of referrals to the Stu-
iniikcs it difficult to catch this type of dent Judicial Court and Albany City
tliiel is the fact that he or she is not Court. 8| students have lost their
always a student. They may be local check cashing privileges for over one
“hoods” or marituding groups of year. This ﬁgure only represents
kids who start atone school andthen. those who have had their privileges
rob others. These traveling thieves taken away. The list sometimes runs
are hardto catch becauscthcy do not as high as 300 people.
remain in the area very long. If A ten~ccnt increase in the fee to
caught. they would be arrested by cash a check will have a positive

local police tisthercis no question of ﬁnancial beneﬁt, bUI probably will
criminal intent. (l’assinga bad check have little impact on the entire
may be the result of an oversight.) problem of bad checks.

FREE RDmISSION

by Beverly Hearn
Norbert Zahm. Director of FSA.

  

.it ii..-

I
l
I
VHRSITY INN E
TONIGHT i

\Vliil ( ( )I1|~’( )\

t‘iiliili‘vtltlljlllll ilt'iii'

i Ii:

tittltllli'll.i

".‘ ii)

i
!  '
i

NOV EMBER 7, 1975

Check Cashlng Servlce lneura the greatest a
caused by students who write checks with “insufficient funds

 

   

mount of losses felt by FSA. Many of the losses are
" In thelr checking accounts.

Cheating More Than Sneak Peek

by Daniel Gaines

Editor's Note: This article is [he
ﬁrs! in a series ahoul cheating. OI/rer
articles will deal Wit It family and s! u-
deni allittulcs. discipline. and im-
plir'iuiom‘.

i‘ 550 Offered

“I was offered fifty bueks for a
computer program. The guy came
upto me after class and askcdifl had
done the program we all had to do
and said he‘d pay forit. ‘How much‘!‘
he asked. and I thought he was kid-
ding. So I said fifty. He wasn‘t
though. Fifty dollars is a lot fora
computer program. but he was will-
ingto pay it. He even pulled out his
wallet while we talked on the
podium.“

This male SU NYA student refus-
ed the offer his classmate made. but
others do not. Buying programs and
reports. copying exam papers and
other forms of cheating can be found
on every American campus. It's also
a sensitive subject. and no students
were willing to talk about their ex-
periences unless their identity was
withheld.

“In Chemistry lZlB with BJ.
Lorenyi the course started to get very
mathematical.“ said one junior in a
brcilk from his on-campusjob. “and
people would share calculators. A
few people would use the memory
capabilities in tltc better calculators

to store answers for the guy they
shared with. If a proctor comes by.
you could always clearthc memory.“
That system is only useful for multi-
»plc choice questions. When the es-
sayscome.the more classic cribsheet
enters the see I. V . V i ' '

“Oh. I‘ve scen‘them-ighshoes. on
sleeves. in hats. everywhere.“ a
blond-haired girl said on the

Wellington bus.

"It‘s the cut-throat pre—meds.“ ex-
plained a girl nearby. “They‘ll lean
across or whisper or anything."

Pencils Carved

“I know a case." a junior
remembered in Indian Quad‘s
ClllClCl‘ill. “where a guy engraved
calculus formulas on a pencil."
Another Indian Quadjunior had the
same story. “It was real small»—With
fifteen or twenty formulas all
around. Crazy."

“You know something‘s wrong." a
student involved with SUNYA
governance said. “when someone
Wears loafers to a test during the
winter." That permits crib sheets to
be exposed while scratching toes.

I can't tell you when and how this
happened." said one nervous beard-
ed fellow clutching a plastic bccr cup
in the Campus Center Ritthskeller.
“But someone we knew at the com-
puter center was able to give us A's
on the printouts from the IlfM test

forms once." The prolessor had to
rely on the honesty ofthose process-
ing the test. " But we wouldn‘t have
had any trouble playing dumb if We
had to.“ he went on. “We also had a
closed circuit television system

, dildo:de out where there‘d be a

camera hanging in the lecture center
aimed at where thctest would be for
this one girl. She would mttkc sure
she sat there attd we‘d pick up the
picture over at w-wcll. l ettn't tell you
lilill~—ilnd we have three of us work
on the test and finish it and get the
results to her over it small receiver
she could bring to the women's
room. But we never did it. too much
trouble With wiring and no one
wanted to spend money for rental
cqutptncitt."
Take-Homes

"I don't think I know anyone who
took a take-home extint alone.“ suid
lln oft-campus sophomore. He also
tncntionedtltiil many professors give
the same exams or use the same
paper topics every semester.
“Borrowed papers could be used for
inspiration or woi'il-Ior-Word."

A girl from Alumni Quad
remembered hcr Political Science
course: "The proI cssor gave us all the
possible questions. Some kids
brought in blue moon booklets all
filled out for each question! They
just reconstructed during the test!“

 

DEMONSTRATE

your concern for the Jewish people and the State of Israel.

PROTEST

UN anti-Zionist Resolutions

MASS RALLY

in NYC Nov. II

Buses LEAVE TRAFFIC CIRCLE 8:l5 AM
Cost $3.00 for students

For reservations call:Sharon 7-7927

Steve Shaw 459-8000

Mike Cohen 7-8738

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

      
    
   

 

 
 

  

 

 

 
 

 

 

