 

 

 

 

 

if Albany Campus Events presents

./

ring Weekend
' May 3 - '11

 

Thursday

' Ice Cream Social

w/free balloons, bubbles

12:30-2:30 in front of CC

Spring Festival
featuring

The Old Wazoo Band

hot dogs 8: 1/2 price beer will be sold
8 — 11:30 behind the CC

(in case of rain - in cafeteria)

 

Friday
Movie Albany State Cinema
“The Conversation”
7:30 8. 9:30 - LC 18
Albany State Speakers Forum
&
UCB
present

Robert Klein
Shows at 8:00 & 10:30 in the Ballroom

Both shows SOLD OUT

till/ill '

 

 

 

Saturday

Folk Festival in front of CC
Workshops 3 - 5

Concert starting at 7 pm

Dutch Quad’s Spring Event

12:30 - 5:00 on the Quad

Art Show — Dutch Quad U-lounge from 2 - 3

Party in U—lounge starting at 9:00

Indian Quad’s All Day Party

Sunday '
University Concert Board
presents
Commander Cody

in a free afternoon outdoor concert
behind the CC

A night of Jazz
featuring
Inertia
from 8 - 11:30 in the CC Ballroom

beer, wine & mixed drinks will be sold
Free admission & munchies

 

 

 

sponsored by SEB/CCGB

landed lI,r .r/utleor «narration

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ Lou Reed A Real“

by Spence Raggio

[Icy Lou, rlo "Vin-ions"! "Heroin"! Do " While Lighl"! Do evrrn'llring.’

in spite of the continuous requests frotn the rowdy ballroom audience. Lou Reed played
exactly what he wanted to play Friday night. No more. no less. And what he wanted to play was.
for the most part. new unrecorded material. He acknowledged his Velvet Underground past with
the opener. “SweclJanc.” then “Waiting for My Man.“ and thecncore. “Rock and Roll." Healso
perfonned several songs from his solo albums.

Dressed in black with short brown hair. this was the Lou Reed of Berlin. of Sally ('an'l
Dancer-Va punk rocker. exchanging leather for the death‘s head look of ’I‘ransl'ornu'rund Rock
'n‘ Roll Animal.

He‘s also exchanged musicians since the last tour. and conspicuously absent were guitarists
Steve Hunter and Dick Wagner. the front men that made Reed's live releases such excellent
albttrns. When they left to join the Alice Cooper tour, Reed took on another guitarist attd
decided to play guitar himself. something he hasn‘t done in concert in quite a while.

"or Lou. Ia/lr In us, rallr lo the audience. Lou! Iler Lou, where's- Slovr' anrl Die/r."

Slave rIIIr/ Dir-Ir." Fur/r you...ng sec Alice Cooper. Shir/read.

It was Lou Reed all right. just as arrogant as ever. There was supposedly enough liquor
backstage for the hand to swim in, which also contributed to the quality of the concert. For the
first show Reed was fairly coherent and lively. takingevery opportunitytoinsult theaudicnec.

Soou' lig/n guilar r-horrling resembling Ilu' beginning a] “Ileruin”aml lllt‘ amlimr'r' burs/x into
applause. It’t't'rl Slli/M' playing. "I rlon’l lrnorr whyyou'ro applauding, u'r'havwr'l even recon/("l
l/Ii.r one ,i'r'l...josl wondering..."

liut by the time the late show began. Reed had to be led onto the stage. his guitar was placed
around his neck. he was turned towards the audience. Amazingly enough. he still managed to get
most of the lyrics right and even squeezed in a little guitar work here and there.

Reed chose excellent musicians for his new tour. with the possible exception of himself---on
rhythm. fine. but he‘s a joke on lead. They‘re good; hocher .they lack the strength and sense of
unification that Hunter‘s guitar supplied. Reed has also substituted a horn player for the
kcyboardsman. definitely not an improvement.

Perhaps aware ofthis themselves. they stayed away from long inst rumcntaljams— «they tried it
once. during the encore of the late show. but even that slowed down several times almost to the
point ol'dcath. This left the unique lyrics of Lou Reed to carry the show, an easy task.

One of the more interesting points ol'the concert cameduring the performance of one of Lou‘s
new songs. "I Wanna lie Black.“ The song explains, in the simplcdircct language characteristic
of Reed‘s lyrics, why he wants to be black. with lines like “i wanna have natural rhythm." The
almost completely white audience didn‘t know how to take it. Was it ajokc. or was he serious?
And which was worse'.’

All that waxclear was that it was all uncertain. confused audienccthat clapped politely at the
end. more out of relief tltan anything else.

‘Rock ’n’ Roll Animal’ T I

I  3*
Lou Reed sneer. ihru o haze of alcohol loll Friday night In tho ballroom.

'l'his satire confusion was evident when Reed and his hand finished their regular set. They
stopped playing. put down their instruments and walked offwithouta word. lttook the crowd a
moment to realize that wasit. btit soon a hand-clapping. foot-stomping mass brought them back
for the encore.

The show was opened by String | )riven 'l‘hing. a band unique inthat they employ a rock violin
(people like Jean-Lue l’onty and Michael Urbaniak are more jaw. oriented). A fitting opening
act for Lou Reed. considering how John Cale was an innovator with his electric viola in the
Velvet Underground.

'lhcy played a short fast set. doing “Things We Said Today“ by the Bullies and Stevie
Wondcr‘s "To Know You Is To Love You“ as well as sortie originals. ‘l'hey iini ‘hed up with a
violin/ drttm duct: some pyrotechnics on the violin. thcrt AI Ilrix [mini I would ilrr' Iororallan
(Illr‘lt'lll nrrrh which .\/llll'.\' /haI [lone i.\’ lrirlr'n lira poisonous snake or spit/er anrl rlnr' rlanr'ru loin:
unnugh and/arr enough. one...nriglil...noI...rlir'... With that they launched in r the insaner
paced duet. the violinist swirlingabout the stage like a maniacaldcmon. a look t l' concentrated
madness radiating from his lace cilcetivcly quieting the calls for Reed that rarig out earlier in
their set.

r------------------------

conjunction with

MAY 6, 1975

University Concert Board

in appreciation of your support throught throughout the year
offers a “rebate” in

Commander  & His Lost Planet Airmen
Jerry Jeff Walker

Plus Special Guests
Sunday, May 11

free 2....

outside, in the Campus Center Mall

In case of Inclement whoathor the concert will be hold In the Gym.
For ﬂdmlulon to the Gym, It will be nocouary to have a ticket.

which may be plckot picked up FREE (upon prountatlon of a tax card)

in the CC Gomoroom beginning tomorrow from lOam-3 pm.

One Ticket per Tax Card

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Spring Weekend...

free

,lunrlr'rl Irr .tlurlr'ltl rmm‘iulion

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

mortal ‘ "

