 

was». a. t...-

 

 

 
 

r over 550,000 other people have done it. Peeple who
have different jobs. different IOs, difterent interests, different educations have
completed the course. Our graduates are people from all walks of life. These
people have all taken a course developed by Evelyn Wood, a prominent
educator. Practically all of them at least tripled their reading speed with equal or
better comprehension. Most have increased it even more.

Think tor a moment what that means. All of them—even the slowest—now read
an average novel in less than two hours. They read an entire issue of Time or
Newsweek in 35 minutes. They don't skip or skim. They read every word. They
use no machines. Instead, they let the material they're reading determine how
fast they read. And mark this well: they actually understand more. remember
more, and enloy more than when they read slowly. That's rightl They
understand more. They remember more. They enjoy more. You can do the same

You can do it, too. So fa

 

 

SCHEDULE OF FREE MINI-LESSONS
You’ll increase your reading speed
50 to 100% on the spot!

Last Week!!!

Today, tommorrow, and Thursday

4PM and 8PM at Albany Hyatt House
1375 Wash. Ave. (across from SUNYA)

  
    

\ It Sounds
* Incredible

otters ‘1

 

 

BUT EVELYN wooo GRADUATES can READ

 

THE EXORCIST IN 58 MINUTES

 

It That Speed. The 403 Pages Corrie Across
With More Impact Than The Movie.

  
 
  
 

thing—the place to learn more about it is at a tree speed reading lesson.

This is the same course President Kennedy had his Joint Chiefs of Staff take.
The staff of President Nixon completed this course in June 1970. The same one
Senators and Congressmen have taken.

Come to a Mini-Lesson and find out. It is inn.- [0 you and you will leave with a
better understanding of why it works. One thing that might bother you about
your reading speed is that someone might find out how slow It is. The
instructors at the Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics Free Speed Reading lesson
will let you keep your secret. It's true we practice the first step to improved
reading at a Mini-Lesson and we will increase your reading speed on the spot, but
the results will remain your secret. Plan to attend a free Mini-Lesson and learn
that it is possible to read 34-5 times faster, with comparable comprehension.

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS

 

 

‘ I Anti-Semitic Voz

Answered

To the EtNtor:

I want to inform lrcta Zarctsky that this ar-
ticle (the one she referred to in the ASP pm
Friday. October III). in no way shoWs the at-

titude of the Pueno Rican students on this

Campus. The fact that the word "Jewish" was
written with a small "j" was merely a
typographical error. I am aware ol' the fact
that Jewish people are many in numbers. but
arc still considered a minority group by lhc
“White-Anglo Saxon Protestants majority.“

Let me break down thc statement to clarify
it for you. “By the apathetic. Whitc. .lcwish.
Mttlc dominated majority on this campus.“
Apttthctic—wunyonc who is not conccrncd
about what is happening to the minority
groups in this Campus. Jewish Many of its
(meaning I’ucrto Ricttns. Blacks. Chinese and
othcr minority groups otltcr titan .lcwish)
come to this University and are placed as
roommates with .lcwish students which in turn
trcatthc minority studcnts with great hostility.
I know this as a fact. I shurcd a suitc tor three
years with Jewish students and thcy “cm: in—
dil'l'crcnl il‘ not hostilc. Mole The i‘L'lIllllIh’l
Alliance. which is a nicnibcr ol the ('oaluron.
is uwurc of thc sexism in this Campus doc to
the greater nutnhcr ol' mcn titan women, and
Iltc cultural upbringing ot thcsc malt-s.

l hopcthis cxplunatinn has clarilicd this tor
you. As for "La Vo/ |)cl l’uchlo“ hcingthc
Voicc ol‘thc 'l'own. dcpcnding on what side ol
the coin you arc. It is the Voiccot thc town.

Zulma Ii. Ritcru
Editor ol |.a Vo/ I)cl I’nchlo

   

just across

'l‘lse
‘I-laeelc

Billy Cobham

\Il \ltI lllllll lll \l\l.\

 

 

it

 

 

 

 

   

wrist... in lin’ouriitunli‘.

in

 

   
 
   
  
   
       
 
    
  
   
   
    
    
       
  
    
      
   
    
    
   
     
  
   

Heads:
Whip Inflation Now

To the “tor:

I'd like to use your papertotallt to allthose
folks out there who buy and smoke pot. As
you all may have noticed, Albany. NYC, and
maybe the rest of the world has suddenly run
dry ol the weed. I've heard all thestorics about
the Feds shooting down planes and getting
tough at the borders. but each year the Feds
report an astronomical incrcasein theamount
of potsmuggledintothe US. And we all know
what happens during times of shortage. The
prices being charged now I'or pot are higher
than most ot‘the pot around will get you. ljust
bought an ounce for $30 that 2 yrs. ago I
Would‘ve paid only $15 for. Unless mom and
dad are loaded and don‘t mind payinglor your
viccs. it‘s getting pretty hard to get high these
days. So according to the old law of supply
and demand. we‘ve got to cut down on tltc dc-
mand to cut down the price.

What I'm sttggcstingis that c\'cryonc should
rclttsc to pay morc than $25 for decent Mcx-
icun. and $35 for cummcricul grade Colum-
hinn. lI wc all just rcl'usc to pay more than
these prices. the pricc ol'dopc will comc down.
We may have to drink hccr tor uwhilc. but I'm
tired ol hcing the tall gtty l'or some grccdy
tucks.

Namc Withheld

Beneficial Taxes

To the I-ZtIitor

In rcsponscto litll'lltnll Siturmck‘s support for
thc ‘lihcrtmtuns’. l .AISI’. i‘l‘ldil)‘. ()clohcr 24),
a group that opposcs all taxes and all grown-
mcnt subsidies. | how one qucstion. How can
hc insult his association unit or support ol'

  

the street
10-9 Sat. 10-6

sluan Tel.- 489-8346

5397

LITTLE FEAT
The Last Record Album
Includes Sornebody'e Leaving
OneLeveSland / Romance Dance

      
   
 

usr $6.98 0

 

SUNYA. a university built" ‘ bat "

with state taxes? If Mri’Skulnlck SUNY
student. I suggest two alternatives for him;
One is that-he put his moneywhere his mouth

man as r ‘

it by payingthe difference of his actual tuition ‘ m organization’s  eadb’y-Ia‘wr

cost and the lesser' amount (subsidized '-

through taxes) that he now pays. The other
alternative he has is to admit that taxes can be .
used beneﬁcially. as exemplified by SU NY.
which gives New York residents of all
economic backgrounds the opportunity to at-
tcnd college.

Robert S. Budolf

 

SA-Meet the Student

To the Editor:

Sincc l'\'c bccn hcrcthcsc past l'cwmonths.l
have hcurd much talk about our SA and its
operation. But on October 26. at the
Freshman Class elections. I had my first op-
port tntity to scc it at work. Onc problcm. it
didn‘t work Rick Mccklcr. SA Vicc I’rcsi-
dcnt who chaircd the election was at a loss as
to how to run the meeting. 1 would expch a
pcrson. cspccially onc with such a high posi-

Bonnie Raitt
Home Plate

 

 

Includes GoodEnough ’Sugar Mama
Run Like aThIeI/I'm Biowln'Away

 

 

 

Appearing Friday, Nov. 7
At the Palace

    

V0

 

/‘\
._~ .
' 0

NEW S
ROCK FOLK
JAZZ . 99

I have heard muchtelk abo'tn; >_ as
students' needs. well Mr. Heckler. heard
that you and SA President Iceman ah‘o
climb 00‘ your cloud in the sky and recogdaa
the student. It has been said that the SA is m

representative. how can you possibly repr'e~ 

sent me when you dop't know what it is that I .‘
want done. Don't answer by saying that
students have the responsibility to come to
you. because you knowyar well as I that'we
won’t. It is your responsibility to bringouttbe
students‘ feelings and if you are as you say you
are. there should he no problem. '

I am not one to criticize without heing'con-
structive; my advice is to meet the students.
Call for a meeting of RA‘s or better yet aakthc
dorm directors to let you sit in and meet with
the various RA classes. Thentogcther arrange
a timetable for you and the othcrexecutchs to
meet. talk. and discuss your plans and ideas at
combined dorm meetings throughout the
campus.

My solution is simple but not easy. but
through this interaction you will reach a wide
variety ol‘ goals. First you will give a chance
for studcnls to meet their representatives. You
will be given a chance to air your vieWs and
plans. and most importantly. you will receive
feedback from the students you represent.

Like I havc alrcadysuid. it won‘t be easy. but if
you are as you say you are. it can be done.
Michael Lissner

 
  
    
 
 
     
   
   
 

 
 

Tim Albany Student Press rr'xcrt'ar [he
.\tI/l‘ rig/r! In print or will It'lltlrr I0 Ilrc
t'lllltll'. Sulmu‘l It'llt'rx 'I')’I’I5 WRITTEN
In Albany Student Press. ((329. I400
II'us/ring/on /Tl't‘IllIt'. 'I'lrt' ASI’ will not
publish unsigned /(‘llt'r.\‘. Mum's will be
trillrlrt'lrl (Ill rt'quml. Kt't'p Ilroxc rim/r
uan It'rlum mining in. [nu remain/tor:

‘Brvi'ilr i.\' the .quI of wil.’

. TOM WAIT S
Nighthawks at IheDiner

tom waits
m'ydtdawb at Me dines

ea.

 

 

 

 

ea um

  

SAVE YOUR RECORDS

 

 

NOV smash 4, 1975
l

i,
t
.4

 
 
 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

   
  

 
   

  

  
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

