L on preps: rig for ye
” ‘ yeti f

and the Professions.” in the Campus

Center.‘ starting tomorrow. Satur-
day. and'jrunningtltrough Monday.
There will select" "

tations and small grim» interactions

with women experts
of ﬁeldselaw. science.

' politics.

sports. "business- dustry. mediap
maaugment/administration .and I
labor unions. The conference‘s spon- _

sors hope-thatwith the diverse range
of presentations there will be at least
one topic of interest for everyone.
S ecifically.  ‘ will
ccnidr‘on 1) career preparation. 2)
career entry. 3) impact or change?
how a profession affects the in-
dividual. women. and society. Par-
ticipants will be talking with
successful women professionals and
will- be able to use‘the experiences
and resources of those professionals
as a sounding board for their own
career and life-style decisions.
Some of the more well-known
speakers (or presenters) include:
'-Ms.' CarlaiDclRay (Business Ad-
ministration). the first wotnan in
‘ New York toipa'ss the exam to he a

 

Friday and Satur

7:30 a 9:30

a «re ts  v  A

wELLntou COULD. .
, ' BEGIN BYSAYING 11w

Certified Administration Manager.

-Ms. Karen Burstein (Politics). a
New York State Senator.

-Ms. Florence Kennedy (Law and
Feminism). a founder of N.O.W.
(National Organilation of Women).
who will speak on the role ofthc es-
tablishment in the oppression of
women.

-Dr. Katherine Strickland
(Criminal Justice). a lawyer.
criminologist. psychiatric social
worker. and the first woman to be
elected to the American (Torrec-
tionnl Association‘s Boa rd of Direc-

and the nightmare beg-111...?

iouAt.
HAVE

Eat $130184 %

 

do;ch attag' ago“

tors.

WOMAN. which promises to be
of lively interest to both Women and
men, will give participants the
chance to answer persistent
pro l'cssion-rclatcd questions such as:

-What are my choices?

-What do I want to accomplish?

-How can I most comfortably and
successfully accomplish it‘.’

WOMAN is free to tax-paying
students (last semester's tax cards
will be accepted) and will begin at
0:00am. on Saturday in the Campus
Center.

 oceans? cease Graeme

Where does the camping trip end...

A JOHN BOONMAN FILM Shining
JON VOIGHT ' BURT REYNOLDS .n l‘DELIVEFIANCE"
Co Starling tilt) in Ally - “(>qu COX stiflinwfw n, jumm 0mm mm“ 0n ms "mm

l’rodiiu‘d and lhioctmi tiy John llooiirinii -l'/iHAViE}ttiN'“» Ifot
l'mui W.iiiii-i [this A Wriiiavi t,iiiiiiiiiiiin..itioii~. ( outrun, I“

D
own-Mme any
'21;

day

January 24 and 25

LC—18

$.50 with 1.0.

ﬁmrled by student association

?AGE .rwo j I

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NEWS l i3

LONDON (AP) Motoring organizations set up n howl. or more“
Wednesday on learning the Labor government may introduce gasoline
rationing to help save on Britain's oil itnport bill. Britain. which importsnn
its oil. had it massive trade deficit last year of $8.63 billion.

The scheme would be based on a two-tier price system. According to pry“
reports. each motorist would get to imperial gallons a month at SLIS .1
gallon and unlimited supplies at $2.76 a gallon. making British gas it...
highest-priced in the world. The imperial gallon is about one liftlt larger than
the U.S. gallon. The current price here isaround $|.70a gallon for top-gt'mlc
gasoline.

QUEBEC (AP) Montreal Mayor Jean Drapeau told aQuebcc provincial
government committee Wednesday that his city can stage the I976 Stiiniiiri
Olympics for $583 million and still make the cvont pay for itself.

The mayor‘s cost estimate differed substantially from ﬁgures presented to
the committee Tuesday by the Olympic Games Organizing Comiiiittcc.
which projected a minimum deficit of $209 million and a cost til 51th
million.

BEIRU'I‘. Lebanon (AP) Palestinian guerrillas have announced .i
crackdown on their extremist fringe to avert a confrontation \\’|lll the
Lebanese army and stop criticism of their disciplinary problems.

Yasir Arafat‘s Palestine Liberation Organization said ’l‘liursdiiy it h.nt
arrcslcd livc guerrilla rcncgadcs who lircd rockets at the Lebanese aiiin
garrison in 'l yre. It did not say what punishment was planned.

SAIGON. South Vietnam (AP) South Vietnamese forces math .I
helicopter assault today on North Victnamcsc forcesthrcatcningti pl't)\lllt‘l.ii
capital 55 miles tiorlli of Saigon.

[locked by heavy air strikes. tltc helicopters landed troops on \tii ll.i It.
llluck Virgin mountain iii an tittcmpt to retake a base and t'tHllllllllllCdl‘Hl
ccnlcr six miles northeast ol fay Ninh City. the North VlL‘ltllllllL‘ht‘cllpllti

National

\\ ASIIING‘I'ON [/\l’) An estimated 25,000 persons tirt'lcd llir( .it 1
Wednesday urging a constitutional niiicndmcnt glllll'illllt‘clll)! the |l\\'\ i-t -‘
inihoin and demanding :in end to abortion.

lhc demonstration marked the second anniversary ol the 11.5 \utiiu H
(mm decision uliicli paved the way foi lcgtili/cd abortion.

Local

ALBANY. N.Y. (Al’l llicfiatc Hoard ol chcnts today :idopicil .. in
poottou ot rticizil integration in schools disayouing the use lli t|llii|.l :ii
ilticiiiiiiiing tlic incial makeup ol sllltlcnl populations.

llic \llllL‘lllClll has adopted by a 04 \otc tiller spirich discussion .llllit
the lllL‘lllilL‘ls ol the board. the governing body for L'tillffilllttll tti \c\\ '\ ‘
bldlc.

i\L‘|tll|'lll f Itiik, lhi: lottc black on the hoatd. Lain-ii tlit' -- l‘
‘lllL'\[)t)ll\liiiL' and \ilillIlUilli“illlil plctlgcd to light il\ tlii “liiolitl. moon. 4
tiL‘llllILlllllt nit-ans to llit\t‘ lltl‘. statcincnt rcnitsctl'."

“llic I\\llL’ l‘i \\llL'lilL'l' uc titr going to [in-tr .ngoWIiiiiiixiit iil 1.! -
jli'nllllll‘dlltll lllt' Pin-liilu.‘ ol the iii.i|oitt\." ( l.iik \illli

lllt‘ .t iii-iiirtil .illniinil tlic ‘tluslltlillilh ol t» tegtultoti -»' with
but \.litl ll \ilt'lliti not lic iliictlly ilUi ill the nun. iii-tuccti i it.
population

ntii llll

“Kl. lujhlli N-l. i'\l’l .\ lottil llllll|\lL'l‘ |i.i . LiliiL‘ti ll|ltlli (HUMP ‘
to liod out \\ilill lilt‘ Kn Kim Kidii lllL‘SL’llliVslvltltlH lot to til'it i innit r'.‘

tililttfli honid iiiciiilici ulio llt’iflllllh to thc l\illn should lit iilxtlll‘x

"l lic big pltlitil'lll ls nobody t‘llll lt'ii inc what the Klan i- nit! 1“
l‘tiiilt liL'lC\\'i. .li "\\'i both know \\ilill llollyuomlhas tiiitliazut ll .l‘» i
llllllh ulctconlm .itc tlnnyciiitty." llic pastor til the l'tIi-. |lii.|i l
\lwtliiiilt'd ( ltlllLil ‘iillli iii if lclcpliiiiic llllt.‘l'\'lL‘\\ \\«-ilnr\il:i\ ‘M'Hllll'

1m” “IE-"H'AVIL N-l. (‘\l'J Vtiic nursing iltilllL'h iii Moniot- (innit
Litjijlllltti Iicntly b ltllltltlt) tn llllll-h’lt‘tilClllfiC.\jl\‘ll\t:\ to Mcdtcittd ll'tilll l‘li'l li'
Illll‘ l(llL‘llL‘\lL‘l linics l'titoii Icpoitcd lhtit \lilll' tittdttois L'\ll|llllllllt_’ llu
ictoidx ol tlic musing homes disallowed llii: clmigcs.
’ Included in the unaulhori/cd charges \\'L‘lt.' the costs of college couiscs lol
t - - . , ..i, , I r .
1pc nitilsnig liomcounci ssoii-iu-law. tickets to hockcygillllch. mull WNW“
It'lllflllf) lllL-ll patty. advertising expenses. home lclcphoncs. legal fees to fight
filHIL tickets. titid ltnanctul support for bowling tennis.
ie ' - ' ' ~' ' '
cx unit‘l‘l‘llclc said the nursing home operators putd tor those and other
In sea and then charged them off to Medicaid, the state program that
piovulcs health care for the indigent
'n . -.  . . ' .
ic article said one owner cltiiincd there were no guidelines on whiit could

be - - . .
cxp'IilL‘i‘lrg‘d ‘" "l'v Pmllrum. but a state auditor said the guidelines were

JANUARY 24, 1975

 

Book . Exchange 

 

by Betty Stein

“I think it‘s great; I have so many
books.“

“I haven't really checked it out,
but I think it's a great idea because
teachers require so many books.“

“I think it's a good idea they final-
ly got something like thistogether.“

“It's great - it‘s fun!"

As illustrated by the above com-
ments, it's difficult to find a student
here at SUNYA who doesn't think
that the Student Association‘s Used
Book Exchange is a welcome new
service on campus. In fact. most peo-
ple feel it‘s long overdue—mad that
includes Maureen De Maio.

Maureen. an outgoing transfer
student from SUNY Binghamton
and member of Central Council.
has. from the beginning. been the
main force behind the Exchange.

“Most schools have them." ex-
plained Maureen. adding that
SUNY llinghamton. among others.
has becit offering this service for
quite some time. “Albany State has
bccn really behind in not having
one.“

Maurecn first started toying with

the idea of having a used book ex-
change here early last semester and
immediately started running into
problems that made her wish she had
started on the project much earlier.

The first stumbling block came
when she began looking for a room
in which to hold the Exchange. Her
original plans included having it in
the Assembly Hall. but several mis-
understandings arose between her
and the Campus Center staff which
eventually convinced her that she
was going to have to settle for CC
375. eVen though she could foresee
unavoidable problems that would
arise because of its size.

Also. she had hoped to be able to
collect books at the end of last
semester. but security considerations
came up which forced her to post-
ponccollection till the beginning of
this semester.

Much to her relief. Maureen had
no trouble getting Central Council
to help out on the financial end of
her venture. A loan of $500 was
made to help cover the cost of cash
register rentals. forms. workers.and
what not. However. Maureen plans

New System Eases Bursar
Bog Down and Tie-Ups

by David Winzelberg

Students this term are finding a much improved system of handling their
accounts. They are spending less time getting in and out of the infamous
llursar Office because of one iniportanl procedural change.

 

 

The major change separates the old system iitto two different offices:
Student Accounts and the Bursar. lnstcad of dealing with cashiers, students
having questions or problems with the adjustment of their accounts are now
scciiig Student Account representatives.

'l'his ncw system enables the Iiursur's Office to take care of students with
straight payments more easily and more rapidly. Assistant Vice President for
Management and Planning. Robcrt A. Stierer said that the new system
allows the llursni' to concentrate on “the collection anddispcrscmcm of fees“
lcaving “the research into account questions" to the Student Accounts Office.

The new system. which began operation last June. includes other changes
designed to relieve office over-crowding: the deadline for iii person payments
was extended until .lantutry 24. an alphabetized system of making payments
was devised for that week. and a drop box for scaled payments luis been
added.

l’hc plan to change the old system stcmsfrom a study which began in l973.
I'hc study was headed by Edward Klee. a Director from Management
Analysis. mid was proposed to increasc efficiency in dealing with student
accounts.

Under the present systcm the Student Accounts Office handles loans and
grants. inquiries regarding refunds. and any other adjustments on accounts
or billings. I'hc llursar‘s Office nowhandles straight paymentson accounts.

Director of Student Accounts Robert .I. Acquino explains that with this
system the student wishing only to make a straight payment need not wait
behind ii student with an accotiiitdiscrepancy. alleviating long lines and short
tctnpct's at the Bursar‘s Office. Acquino is pleased with these innovations
which are making students happier.

b .

A young Cambodlan refugee h
a problem. After waltlno In "no for soup dlmnud homes In the Ph
by a relief organluflon northwest of Phnom Perth.
Cambodle recently. she dlseoverod her bowl had a

JANUARY 24, 1975

n.

to request that the Exchange be per-
mitted to keep the loan. in light of
the fact that. because ofthc relatively
high overhead involved. and the un-
avoidable mistakes and mis—
calculations that occur when
something of this nature is run for
the first time. the Exchange will
probably only break even. if not
operate in the black. Besides. as
Maureen put it. “it‘s a service they
should have had a long time ago."

One obvious question is how will
this affect the bookstore? Gary
Dean. bookstore manager. ap-
proached this topic with caution.
saying with a shrug. “I really can‘t
tell you how it‘s affected me.“ He
went on to explain that. because the
variables affecting his sales volume
are so numerous. it‘s very difficult to

u - sail-Ir “as. ._
SA Book Exchange at one of Its few

tell which one in particular has caus-
ed or helped to causcuny change that
may occur.

When asked to speculate.
however. he said “It‘s bound to affect
me because for every book they sell.
that's one I don‘t sell and will haveto
send back." But on the whole. his at-
titude was more one of curiousity
than competitiveness.

In spite ofthc discouragement she
received from many people who said
that insufficient publicity. combined
with the fact that more and more
students are holding on to their old
books which would prevent the Ex-
change from meeting with success.
Maureen was pleased with the ul-
timate response. About 3,000 books
were brought in altogether. Of these
3.000 about I700 ltad been sold by

qulet moments this week. books will be cold unflfcmh.

Thursday. meaning that the ‘Ex-
change had. by then. taken in a total
of approximately 5 l000asa result of
the service charges. They expect to
break even.

Maureen hopes that the exchange
will be continued in years to come.
though she would like to see some
changes take place. including the
elimination of all service fees. if
possible.

In addition. I think that mostpeo-
ple would agree that something has
to be done about the initial long lines
ttnd general confusion that occured
when the Exchange first opened.
Perhaps larger facilities and giving
students a better idea of what to ex-
pect as far as procedures are con-
ccrncd. would allow things to mn
more smoothly in the future.

Giggling Kids Pass the Hours Away

by Roxanne Reisch

“Can you tell me what‘s wrong
with this picture'.’“a teachcrat Pierce
l‘lall Day Care Center asks a group
offch children. The youngsters peer
over an opened book in the large.
blue carpeted room where the
children from three to six years old
play. “Can trains ﬂy in the air'.’ It's
flying‘ just like a bird." The
yottngstcrs giggle.

Among small tables with
miniature chairs. a red picnic table.
and youngstersdarting about in red
fire tritck s. Jennifer Posncr.
program director of Pierce Hall Day
Care Center. runs her educational
program. It is l230 in the afternoon.
The children have just awaken from
their hour nap. Ms. I‘osner. a slim.
London-bred woman with short

K?

r ,.. ‘,

fm meal—Ind tuft. The youngsters and theft flmlllu fled thclr

nom Bluff! om followlng flghllng

between govemmont forces and Khmer Rouge Iri-
surgeon. (AP erephoto)

blond hair. is tying a youngstcr‘s
shoelaces.

"We teach by activity." Ms.
Posncr says iii a thick Engliin ac-
cent. u’l'he children are very playful
now because they havcjust awaken.
[teach in the morning when they are
more attentive." The children engage
in such activities as show-and-tell.
drawing. and dancing. Lessons on
numbers and the alphabet are given
daily.

The key to successful teaching is
involving the children in the activity
according to Ms. l’osner. “I make
the children counl‘tltcir own articles
of clothing when I'm giving a lesson
on numbers. 'l'hcy also have the op—
portunity to walk on large cut-out
cardboard numbers so they can
visualize what I am teaching.“

"They need so ntuch individual
attention." Maria Liulzo. ajuniorat
Albany University says. Ms. l.iuI.I.o.
a work-study student who spends fif-
tccn hours a week at the day care
center. prefers supervising lht'ee to
four children at a time rather than
working with a large group,

“For sonic of the children who
stay at the center from 7:30 to Suit).
we're the only pcoplc they conic to
know." Ms. |.iti/.Io says seated iIi a
green arm chair with twenty-month-
old lanya on her lap. "Tilt: center
helps the children socialite with
others. When 'l anyti first ttrrived at
the center she felt intimidated by the
other children. Over the past few
months. she has become more om-
going.“

The youngsters are taught how to
use their bodies. t'ccognivc different
sounds and cat properly. This
semester they were taken on afield
trip to the Albany port to watch the
arrival of banana boats.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Ms. l.iu1.lo occasionally takes a
few youngsters uptown to visit the '
university‘s art gallery. “It's impor-
tant to expose them to new en-
vironments." she says.

While the center encourages
cltildrcn to grow. there are many
shortcomings. including lack of
money and food. "Another real
problem is the parcnts‘disregard for
their children. They‘re so involved
with their own affairs. they have no
time for their kids."

Ms. Lia/Jo says working with the
children at the center is always a
meaningful experience. “To me. the
podium is t'iiiitnsyland. The universi-
ty is just so insensitive. You need the
sensitivity of a child to make you feel
alive." she says and stopstalking to
return little ’l'anya‘s kiss.

the children are f rcquently taken
on “nature walks“ to increase their
awareness of the environment. A
teacher will point out one speciﬁc
aspect of the environment. such as
types of trees. during the lesson.

Ms. l’osncr. who worked with pre-
schoolcrs in England before she
came to Albany this semester. ﬁnds
she can control a child by talking to
him. "I just sit down with the child
and try to understand why he‘s mis.
behaving Some children just need a
chance to cool off."

i nice year old Jessica. with short
blond hair and blue eyes approaches
me, "I know something pretty.“ she
sins and points to a picture of a
monkey in her book entitled Wild
.‘llllllltl/A. She takes my hand and
lcads me to a green bookcase.
“Here's the library.“ she says and
hands the Sam the Firehouse Cat
and IIin on Pop. When asked what
she does all day. Jessica replles, “I
just play" and sits downto‘loolt at
her book on animals.

PAGE was;

 

