In” front of a ‘Iarge Schenectady
Freedom Forum audience last Mon-
: day night- the renowned psy-
chotherapist. Dr. Rollo May. spoke
of the necessity for individuals to
reettamine the “spiritual foundations
of our society“ which he claimed are
in desperate need of change.
Recovering from the ﬂu. May
heartier remarked. 'We now are at
the point where we are in a period of
r'eforrnation.‘_‘ Continuing. he stress-

ed that it is our responsibility to dis~ .

cover new structures upon which to
base our society and his. he added.
doesn‘t mean patching up the
problems of our present system.

In order for man to build a better
social structure. Dr. May. who holds
a Ph.D in clinical psychology. insists
that we have courage. May stressed
that courage is essential for it gives

-.t

man the impetus “to move ahead in .

spite of our despair". adding that it
“gives'reality to our virtues and
values.”

Dr. May. the author of several
best-sellers. said that our
deteriorating society can not be
rebuilt through rational and con-
scious thought alone. According to
the practicing psychotherapist. in
order to establish a new societal
framework. man will have to use his
creative abilities.

May believes that creativity is
brought forth when man deals with
the notion of death. his inevitable
end. “We must struggle to face
death." May remarked. and as a
result we “try to create something
that will live beyond us.“ Thus. May
continued. “Creativity is a yearning
for immortality.“ When we do ﬁnal—

lly create something that will provide

 

State Travel Club Presents
$59 to Florida

Roundtrlp NYC - Deytone Beach. Fri.. Mar. 28 — Set.. Apr. 5
Deluxe eecomodetlone In low as $53 per person
Call tor reservations 451-4000 or 457-4043

 

 

 

it
A
at
A
A
A
A
A
a
A
A
A
a
A
ﬁt
A
A
it
it
A
A
A
A
A
it
A

a
a
a
a
a
a
a
*.
*1 
*.
a
at
A
A
o
A
a
2
A

A

PAGE TWO

Gabrge

m A Melvin Frank Film ﬁle h

Of Class
LC—18

7:30 and 9:30

W350 with tax card $1.25 without

fit/triad by .l'llttlt’lll association

Jackson

fur. a better ‘world in future

generations. May noted. we will en-
counter feelings of “profound joy.”

In his eoncluding remarks. Dr.
May spoke of the outlook for a
meaningful social change-“I think
the only basis for hope is through
our despair-despite that and
because of it we have the basis for a
new structure.“

zaeeoeseeas

(ZNS) The state of Virginia has
revised its criminal code in an effon
to crack down on illicit sex acts and
minor crimes.

Under the new statutes, any per-
son convicted of seducing a female
“of previously chaste character“ can
receive a sentence of up to 10 years in
prison.

Hypnotizing any person without
the presence of a doctor is
punishable by a $500 fine; fomica-
tion between non-marrieds carries a
$100 fine; and cohabitation or “liv-
ing together“ is punishable by a $500
fine for the first time. and then $ 1000
for each repeated offense.

Defiling or defacing the flag of
either Virginia or the United States
carries a year in prison and a $1000
fine. And ghost writing a term paper
is punishable by a one‘year prison
sentence and a $1000 fine.

33X3t»ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁimbﬁﬁﬁﬁ33393336929333;

(ﬁll-136313119? 91361313 13111311131306 ”

Friday and Saturday,
February 7 and 8

ACADEMY AWAIII) WINNER
BEST ACTRESS-Glenda Jaekso

(‘ﬂﬁ«ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁ«ﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

(((«K‘dﬁdm«(ﬁ‘ﬁ(¢¢¢¢¢(¢¢«¢¢¢¢¢¢¢¢
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SAIGON. South Vietnam (AP) President Nguyen Van Thieu toured front
lines Thursday ex pressing confidence that South Vietnam will get additioniit
military aid from the United States.

He hinted he would seek reelection next October and pledged tough ttcw
crackdowns on any opposition movements that operate behind “smoke
screens." '

As Thieu spoke. the U.S. Embassy disclosed that it wasspeeding Shipment
of spare parts to the South Vietnamese air force and was bringing in small
groups of enlisted U.S. Air Force supply ‘specialists from bases in the
Philippines. South Korea and Thailand on temporary duty to unpack and
store the parts.

In neighboring Cambodia rebel forces shelled the capital of Phnom l’cnli,
killing 12 persons and wounding 48 others, police reported.

One Chinese~built rocket exploded in an elementary school where nearly
200 pupils under 10 were in class. Nine were killed and 35 others were
wounded. many seriously. reporters on the scene said.

WASHINGTON (AP) Sen. Henry M. Jackson of Washington formally
unveiled his candidacy for the I976 Democratic presidential nomination
Thursday night by pledging to use the White House "to help the people in [his
country who are getting hurt.“

Considered by many Democrats the closest thing to a front-runner in a
growing. wide—open race. Jackson has already raised at least $1 million. more
than any potential candidate except Alabama Gov. George C. Wallace. The
62-year-old senator. who has been runningevcr since he ﬂopped in his purl) ‘t
1972 race. made his formal declaration in a five-minute. ﬁlmed telecast aim
the CBS Thursday Night Movic's showing of "Dillinger."

He thus joined Rep. Morris K. Udall of Arizona. former Gov. Jimmy
Carter ofGeorgiaand former Sen. Fred R. Harris of Oklahoma in a field that
will include Sen. Lloyd M. Bentsen Jr. of Texas on Feb. 17.

The favorite of many Democratic party regulars and oldline labor lciidct \.
Jackson sought in his announcement to counter opposition from part}
liberals long opposed to his pro-Pentagon voting record and his suppoit oi
Victnatn war policy.

ALBANY. NY. (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey signed into law 'l‘liiirsdu) .i
measure repealing the automatic exemption from juty duty granted WUIIIL‘II
in New York State.

The new legislation come about two weeks after the U.S. Supreme ('oiiit
prohibited restricting women jurors on the basis of sex.

The new state law allowsall prospectivejurors botlt men and women In
apply by mail for exemptions frotn jury duty on grounds of pcrsoim
hardship. Under theold law. applications to be excused from jury ditty haul to
be made in person.

On Jan. 2]. the U.S. Stiprctnc Court struck down a Louisiana law lllill
prevented women frotn being considered for jury ditty unless they moth
specific application to the courts.

Carey said tltut while New York law differed slightly from tltc l.ttlll\lttll.i
sttttutc. it would only be it matter of time before it. too. was (TCClilIttl
unconstitutional.

The bill was rushed through the Scniitcand Assembly thiswcck iii an clloit
to avoid casting suspicion over the consitutilionulity ofcriminal crises l'L':lti_\
to go to trial.

Had the legislature not acted. courts would have continued to grant illL'
automatic exemption until it challenge ofthe exemption had been dccidcd bx
the state‘s highest court the Court of Appeals.

It remained uncertain whether the Supreme Court ruling will iiflect lltL'
prior convictions of persons who stood trial before juries in which womcn
were automatically excluded.

Additional legislation is being prepared to spell out grounds for exciisiug
prospective jurors. Onc proposal being drafted would allow any person. male
or female. to be exempted fromjitry service ifthcpcrson waschargcd with the
care of a child.

,1».

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) State Comptroller Arthur Levitt. a long-time ciiiic
of "back-door financing“ of government operations. proposed 'l'hursdai)
tight restrictions on the ability of public authorities to obligate the suite to
pay their debts.

Levitt submitted to the governor and leaders of the legislature bills
designed to stop some public authorities and limit others from entering into
debts which the state has a “moral commitment" to guarantee.

The proposed legislation was unveiled one day after Gov. Ilugh Linc)
established it special commission to investigate the method used by
authorities. such as the financially troubled Urban l)t:Vt.'lt)plllL‘t|l
Corporation. to finance public-benefit projects.

The comptroller has long argued that tltc broad powers of the stittc'»
multibillion dollar authorities to sell bonds to finance projects skirts lht'
constitutional requirement that voters approve dcbls incurred bythcstzitc
‘ Levitt would remove the moral commitment ofthe state to support bomb
issued by seven authorities. 'l'ltcauthorities in question have yet to lllClIl'Illl)
bonded indebtedness.

(AP) At it time when more tbuit 6.5 million Americans are unemployed.
Dim Lindsey ltus twice as much work as he did it year ago.

Lindsey is the manager of the Tennessee unemployment ttllICL' in
Memphis. He faces the same problems its other authorities who tlI'C trying I0
cope wrtlt growing lines ol'joblcss Americans by opening new offices. casiiit’
liltng requirements and hiring extra stuff.

“'We‘re packed full five days it week froin the time we open until we close."
Lindsey says. “Our people are tired and sometimes a little bit strung “I”
because they‘re under constant pressure. Our knees may have buckled. but I
think we‘ve stood up under it."

 

FEBRUARY 7, 1975

 

SUNYA comma.-

 ' . §

Racism Prepares- for Boston

by Susan Michael

The Albany Student Committee
against Racism met Tuesday night to
discuss preparations for the
National Student Conference
against Racism to be held in Boston
on February fourteenth through the
sixteenth.

The meeting was attended by
somewhat under thirty students.
comtnunity members. and a
representative from the New York
City Student Committee against
Racism. The conference. to be held
at Boston University. is designed to
follow up the rally held in that city
on December 14 and lllCTCEICh-in of
the night before. The conference has
among its goal publicizing the con-
iiitiiitig threat to the black communi-
ty of Iloston uttd to plan an on-going
defense of that community. The cott-
I'crcncc also hopes to enable those
who participate itt it to begin or
further the fight against racism and
segregation iii their own schools and
communities.

The Albany Strident Committee

was formed only recently. It has been
recognized by the Student Associa-
tion but. as of now. it will not receive
any S.A. monies. At present the
Committee is being funded by small
donations and has received some
supplies from the Pucrto Rican
Studies Department. The Com-
tnittcc hopes to be receiving more
donations from its endorscrs which
include Dr. Frank l’oguc. Africttn
and Afro-American Studies; Fred
Stokclin. EOPSA: Prof. Tim Reilly.
Department of English: and Fucrra
Lntina tit SUNYA. Ettdorscrs from
the community include i-Iarry
llamilton. chairman of the Albany
NAACP: Moe Dumuz. Albany
llcnd Stitrttiuid Harvey Bates oflltc
Capital District Ministry to Higher
Education.

The most pressing concern of the
Committee against Racism at this
titnc is to raise funds to subsidize the
cost of renting a bus to go to the
National Conference. lfthey are un-
able to raise this ntottcy an attempt
will be made to organize carpools to

WSUA Returns With
Play-Listed Format

1)) David Win1chch

the campus radio station WSUA will resume broadcasting Monday.
ending the station‘s temporary shutdown caused by an equipment

l‘ll'CtlkdU\\'ll two weeks ago.

During the break itt broadcasting. tltc station‘s stuffhus piit together it
new lormiit of programming. in an attempt to rchttild support for the station.
lhc music iiii'ed under the nu“ "play-listed" format will be prc-sclcctcd by it

committee ol WSUA stall and "will includcull genres of mtisi

The music

will be scptll'ttlcd ittto lliicc major categories: progressive sounds.
contcittporury rock and oldies when the station returns to the air on Monday
()thcr changes 111 format include expanded news and sports departments to

add to thc itttprovcd programming.

shutdown ol WSUA riiiscd sacral questions about its fittttrc
Sonic Central Coitncil members introduced a bill titled

and dictates the station manager to present it progress report on the station's
quest for their long sought oftcr liM license. The bill. nmcndcd twicc. also
culls for it poll ol silttlcltl attitudes “to dctcrntinc if WSUA provides it

\oliinblc scr\icc to the student body."

\VSllA‘s Stiition Mnntigcr liric (ioldslcin said that he would “welcome a
\iilid stir\cy" btit urged that the new format be given a chance before
beginning the poll. (ioldstcn hitttsclf is hopeful for the new format and
speaking tor the station‘s staffers said. "We're enthusiastic."

go to Boston. People interested in
helping the Committee here at
SUNYA. in going to the conference
in Boston or who just want more in-
formation can look for the Com-
mittee against Racism‘s table in the
Campus Center lobby. go to CC 308
or cal either 457-7508 or 43640096.

 

Central Council News

by Pat Sakai

On Wednesday. Feb. 5. Central
Council met in its regular meeting
place. CC-375. The meeting lasted
over 6 hours. ufter being called into
an emergency .' ssion by
Chairperson Lewis Fidlcr. to
complete tltc agenda.

BILLS PASSED:

(‘cnlml Council Rules (introduced
by Seth Haber): Updates and
modifies rules governing the
operations of Central Cotincil.

No More Funds jitr Viamum
(Michael Siikoff/ Andy Goldstcin):
Bill in opposition to the great
amount of money now being spent
on Vietnam.

.‘llltrlllll‘ Sta/c Rug/tr Foo/hall CIu/t
.‘l/J/H'It/U‘ltllltlll (Finance Comm):
$900 was approved for this new
group. that money going mainly
towards cqttiptttcnl and transporta-
tion.

.‘lt/tfl/ltllltll (iivtcrtt/ (‘mit'i'rtir I975-
76 (Pitt Curran): l'his pitsscd its
ittitcttdctl. deleting the proposed sec-
tion that would ltavcabolishcd all in-
dividual quad curds. replacing it
with one Intcrquud cnrd. Mike
Siikol'l' (Commuter) spoke against
this section. saying quad cards are
“unluir to commuters". Siikoff said
czcn though tltcy can purchase a
quad card they don‘t have any voice
in spending tltc money. not can they
vote in quad-wide elections.
Researching Iltc WSUA Qllt'd'lltlll
(Rick Mccklcril):ivc Kculinc/Lcw
Fidlcr): This bill is aimed at deter-
mining whethcr_WSUA “provides it

 

 

ANTHROPOLOGY CLUB

tut-Dene

will have a general meeting

Tuesday, February 11, at 8:00 pm in LC 12

with the movie
"Emu Ritual at Rufuri”

refreshments will be served

.lum/t'tl lu' .tliult'nl a.r.roi'iatioti

everyone welcome!

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY '7, 1975

valuable service to the student
body“ A so surveys and studies are
beginning on this question. While
this bill was being discussed. a
spokesperson from WSUA explain-
ed the FM situation. Present plans
include the hiring of Educational
l-‘M Associates to help in getting the
license.

Roll call vote: (Passed. l2-5-5)

Those voting in favor of the bill:
Ralph licisler (Faculty); Ed Carey
(Commuter); Lewis Fidlcr (Indian):
Andy (ioldstcin (State); Mark
llummcr (Dutch): Site choff
(Alumni):ArtlturLevinctColoniul):
Candi Miiycr (Com): Rick Mccklcr
(Dut); Neil O‘Connor (Col); Stu
Simon (Com): Kcn Wax (Com).
Voting against lltc bill: Maureen
Dthtio (Ind); Andy Dolan (Com):
Seth lliibcr (St): Jon Levcnson (St);
Diivc chritt (Dut). Abstcntions:
Andy liitumun (Com); (iary licnnctt
(Al): Dtivc Coync (Ind): (iury Cook
(Al): Mikc Siikoff (Cotti).
Iirlmrling lllt‘ Franc/tint o/ (W-
(‘anipiii Slut/cult (Stu Simon):
Provides for commuters to vote on
Alumni Quad itt addition to the
Campus Center.
(frmlttult' Slut/mil 'I'u.\' ll'iiivcr (Stu
Simon): \Vnivcs (irud student tax
policy ttnlil Feb. l2; it receipt will be
accepted instciid.

BILLS RI".JI".("1‘I“.D:

ll'lmi  / tug/t l.ll«-tlt_’/l"lil’il llirne
li.iitiii lsl‘ll ‘ l’lttltitSL‘tl SA
clcctioii lL‘itlll' It I.otidcd lot' it
i'iinoll ll none of the I’rcs. or V.P.
candidates receives 40"} ofthcvotc.
l'illll liortril Policy (Ira Birnbiium):
Suggest it Film Group Board be set
tip to coordinate all films shown by
SA groups.

*“SPECIAI. NO’l'ES‘Hcht SA
elections “ill be held at the end of
l‘cbruary or the beginning of
M it rch watch for further utt-

U

nouncements in the A SPand on the
podium. . .I)an Gaines was ' ap-
proved as it Supreme Court Justice.-.
.Anothcr record for number of bills

considered has been set. The magic '

number is 20. . .Dan Gaines an-
nounced at the meetingthutthe ASP
will begin taking telephone polls.
Their purpose will be to find out stu-
dent attitudes and opinions about
SA and SA groups: the university in
general (i.c. grades and educational
procedures); special services such as
Security; and some political
questions. Names will be selected at
random and will include both on and
off-campus students. The surveys
will be ttikcn at different times ofthe
day tint! on different daysofthc week
so as to obtain as high percentage of
accuracy as possiblc. The polls will
also include “Awareness” questions.
to find out if students know who
runs what around C‘dmpllﬁ- ]

Virginal Beauty

thS) Sleeping Beauty was a
rape Hahn and an unwed mother.
Cinderella was nit accessory to
murder.

This report comes from no less an
authority than the Oxford Universi-
ty Press which L""lil‘ll\i\ that most
fairy tales it . . t\\l\lt‘tl arid
.. iitgcd mi ,xl tiiiiim to make
them suitable ltIl children.

lli iiish sociologists l’clcrttnd lonit
Opic. in a new book entitled The
Classic Fairy lit/cs. say that many of
our happy. bedtime stories were in
fact. bawdy tales-filled with murder
and sex.

l'ltcy’ report that in the cast: of
Sleeping Beauty in the original
version the handsome prince that
wnndcrcd along ttot only kissed her.
biit riipi-vl ' \'."il whilcshe slept.

. “S
.IV La... .4.

MERCHANTS TO GENERATIONS

OF BOOT BUFFS

Bench-crafted and handlinlshed by
skilled artisans for over TOO years.

voune suoes, odds still another to the largest collection? '
Jof FRYE 30015 in the countryl Our Driftwood Beat, it
brass pegged and fitted by hand. The platform sole is of.
solid oakvbend leather to match the new stocked 2% Inch

high heel.

IN STOCK FOR MEN 9 WOMEN

Available in Hand Stained Brown, Natural oiled, An- I:
tiqued wollnut, and Dunn chestnut. I’

$49.98

OPEN EVERY EVENING TILL 9 PM

If)? CENTRAL AVENUE

taslots

:lUSE YOUR BANKAMERICARD on MASTERCHARGE ego:  '

PAGE THREE

.maw

 

 

Godhoqsu,  A

. ..W

~2am5‘.w.w.::a.,cam3

 

T ..

W.

_. ,~-_.-,._..,‘m,...._.,,;;.. -

 

