 

 

 

;
l
,
i.
t
if
t'
I
2
i,
f
t

    

‘V‘TMioaﬁv..TaamsﬁwmmauNT...1w“..e,,‘s,_w__  ,V  ‘

 

 


l.

 

 

 

 

'-by' Replica hen-an ’

Today. man's capacity for knowledge is the same as
that of pre-technbloﬁcal man. Modern man has
developed a technology of unparalleled sophistication.
This technology has engendered a corresponding
increase in the quantity of knowledge. Modern life has
speciﬁcity as its password. and organization as its

‘slogan.

These are the givens. The problem: To develop a
mode of living that takes these facts into account while
remaining cognizant of man's need for personal
identity. community and love. No field is more
integrally tied up with this endeavor than that of
architecture; this in an age where man has the power to
shape his environment at' will. It is an awesome
responsibility. Future cities (society‘s way ofhousing its
millions) may be comfortable centers where man can
earn his living. and enjoy his family and friends, orthey
may be bursting urban sprawls where squalor and
human putrefaction reign. Certainly it is time for the
individual to pay closer attention to his man-made
environment. and to attempt to understand his own
responses as brought about by this environment. Our
attempts must begin close to home if we are to find
personal correlatives. My discussion of architecture
shall culminate in a discussion of the form of the State
University of New York at Albany.

To most people, modern architecture is often
bewildering. They are confronted with a scale that is
beyond their accessibility. They are confronted with a
confused pattern of geometrits that would befuddle
even Pythagoras. The materials. which include glass.
concrete. steel and aluminium. are without warmth and
reminiscent of kitchen appliances. The architecture of
SUNYA embodies many of these modern
characteristi tempered with the ﬂavor of the
traditional. The product however bespeaks much of
what is wrong with modern architecture and much of
what is wrong with the modern bureaucracy.

The discovery of the structural and aesthetic value of
iron and glass created a revolution in architecture.
When Joseph Paxton built the Crystal Palace of

London in l85l. it was the first in a direct line of -

structures that led to the steel and glass towers of the
l950‘s and 60‘s. To think, prefabricated glass and iron
sections that would assemble within days to create an
enormous exhibition hall. .The Victorian mind reeled
with the possibilities. This building was a product ofthe
new industrial machine age. Those in the forefront of
modern thought began to believe that the integrity of
the machine was beautiful and should govern us. No
longer did a man‘s dwelling have to be constructed by
the sweat of his brow or the strain of his arms. In the
machine there was a certain honesty. an integrity that
could create transparent buildings. The boundaries
were gone; walls and roofs were now timeand space. An
architectural relativistic continuum was explored. and a
new breed of architect was born. Soon there were few
who concerned themselves with the past. Revivalism
was dying. Greek. Roman. Gothic-these were the
terms ofthe past. They were to besupplantcd bythc new
industrial terminology; pre-fabrication, assembly line.
form and function. the organic. and the expressive. As
invention follows need, American business need
suitable Cathedrals to meet its meteoric growth.
Skyscrapers employing steel frames came into use. and
the search was on to discover the forms and styles that
expressed the modern technocratic ideology. That
search is still going on.

The revolution in architecture was more thanjust a
change in the materials at man‘s disposal; it was a
manifestation ofthe revolutionin men's minds. As such.
it was part of all of the philosophical and artistic
movements of the modern age. While past epochs
stressed religiosity and httd a society built around it.
modern life has agnostic-ism and ambiguity at its core.
Yet man‘s passion for order had to be satisfied. Ilc
devised a machine aesthetic that later became
incorporated in his all consuming ideologies. (ic.
Capitalism. Communism. Socialism).

PAGE 45

  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

  
 

The United States Embassy In New Delhi. Inds designed by Edward Dureli Stone.

Artand architecture became tools of ideology. as the
worst of architecture still is today. When American
painter Charles Sheeler painted the Ford “River Rouge
Plant" he was expressing his devotionto the "beauty" of
the machine age. Poets like W.C. Williams and Hart
Crane also paid their respects to technology. The
architect too was part of the movement. perhaps in the
forefront. When Frank Lloyd Wright built the Unity
Temple in I908. its square geometric forms and use of
poured concrete bespoke much of what was to become
the machine aesthetic. Wright's forms are later found in
many European artists and architects. He and the slabs
and posts of Le Courbusier combined to allow for the
style of the Bauhaus, the International Style and the
architecture of today.

in I925. the German art school, called the BauhaUS,
was built. Run by Mics van der Rohe and designed by
Walter Gropius. it was both the home and ~thc
embodiment ofthe International Style. This style was a
combination of the factory aesthetic and the cubist art
ofthe teens and twenties. lt stressed the use of metal and

'i:

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

glass. ﬂat roofs, smooth surfaces and coniinuotn
ribbons of glass broken horizontally by pure unbroken
wall space. Geometry and intrinsic balance “in
essential. perpendiculars and parallel lines basic. II “as
astylistic and unemotional. This style is the dominant
force of the 20th century. Its advocates (of course
always with variance) included Mies van der Rohe.
Philip Johnson. and Gropius. They produced buildings
as well known as the Seagram and Pan-Am Building.
The inﬂuence ofthe International style is truly ttni\crsal
however; we see it in the style of Edward Durcll Stone.

Edward Durell Stone was bornin I904. His first work
ofimpcrtance was the facade ofthe Museum of Modern

The symmstr

 

 

A view of the gymnasium at SUNYA. also designed by Edward Dursti Stone.

Art in NYC . It was basically a Bauhaus steel and glass
design of handsome proportions. It resembles many of
the later ofﬁce buildings of Mics and Johnson. After a
period of inactivity Stone received the contract to build
the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi. The style developed in
this building came into play in all of Stone's later works.
It is a decorated Miesian box.

In front of the building there is a reflecting pool and

fountains which lead the eye toward concrete steps and

a projecting porch composed of columns and a gilded
screen. In this wayit resembles a classical temple. With a
gilded American eagle over the doorway the statement

 

y at SUNVA is dramatically usirsted In these photographs.

DECEMBE 5. 1975

is complete: It is vulgar. raw, American power and
wealth. displayed proudly to impoverished New Delhi.
Built in I954. the building makes a political statement
about the superiority of American capitalism and
technology. This is cold war architecture at its grandest
and most propagandistic.

As such. itis bad architecture. Mics strovefor smooth
surfaces and broad planes; there is none ofthat here. Its
employment ofthe International Style is an hypocrisy.
It is pre-packagcd bureaucratic architecture.
Architectural critic Vincent Scully put it this way:

“It is superficial classicism; and it is literally,
superﬁcial design. where the volume, into which the
functions are more or less ﬁtted. is fundamentally
Miesian. symmetrical and not overly studied. but the
surface is as crumpled and laced up as the trade can
afford."

Edward Stone created his design for the State
University at Albany after the rejection of the
preliminary design by Wallace Harrison(Unitcd Nation
Building). The Albany campus was to be the glory of

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

then Governor Rockefeller's college buildingcampaign
and as such. no expense was spared. The cost (not
including the purchase of. the land from the Albany
Country Club) was “0 million dollars. The University
is composed of 59 buildings. l4 of which comprise the
academic podium. The podium. built upon the largest
concrete base in the world. is nearly 1/3 of a mile long.
with its buildings having over 4 million feet of floor
space. Among those elements originally proposed but
never carried to completion were: a central reflecting
pool that was to be convertable to an ice-skating rink in
the winter. a beach; complete with bath house on the
“lake”. open pedestrian tunnels between the quads and
the tunnels underneaththe podium, a bicycle shop near
the bookstore. fireplaces in the main lounge of the
Campus Center; and electric “Times Square type"
information board in the Campus Center.

In Albany. as in his U.S. Embassy. Stoneemploys his
"formula". Classical elements. screens. geometry. We
must now closely examine the overall effect of this
architecture.

To any visitor. a tour through the campus is an
exciting event. At everyturn heis confronted with a new
optical effect. Long colonnades‘ and breaks in the roof
that allow other sections of the campus or sky are
dramatically framed. The play of shadows dance across
the floors. walls and roofs. The human inhabitants are
overpowered by the immense proportions. and one
soon has the feelingthat he is walking in a sacred place.
The podium at night takes on a devotional aspect that
causes otherwise boisterous individuals to speak in
whispers. The sight of other men and women hurriedly
going about their business lends us a sense of cosmic
proportion. We see howtruly small andinsignificant we
are. In the abstract these are good qualities that a fine
complex of buildings might have. yet as a university. as
a living and learning environment. we must question.

The University is made up of lines. The routes
between the quadrangles and the buildings on the
podium are direct and unchanging. There are few
obstacles to be negotiated and few objects that
announce change. The seasons pass largely unnoticed;
faces pass by. as stoic and changlcss as the concretcthat
surrounds them. The university does not offer enough
opportunities for chance human intercourse. Efficiency
is stressed. The halls in the academic buildings are
narrow with few radiating balls or lounges.
Specialization is stressed. Classes are machines for
learning. dorms are machines for living. and the two
rarely meet. Indeed. the materials and form of the
university employ much of the industrial vocabulary.
The use of concrete and glass. the soaring verticality of
the buildings and columns announce this 20th century
aesthetic. 'I'he'towcrs at the center of each quadrangle
resemble another Stone building; the General Motors
Building in N. Y.C. There is no statement of function. no
reference to learning. to youth. to academics. The
towers are decorated boxes that would be seen on 61h
Avenue in New York City.

Another factor that contributes to what many
students call "this sterile environment" is Stone's
elimination of natural contours in favor of a planned
environment based on a ﬂat surface. The grounds. the
former Albany Country Club. was a surface of terraced
green plains trunversed by streams and clumps of pine.
There is little of this natural sublimin left. There are
elements of the picturesque formal garden. The
arrangement ofthctrces describe perfect quadrilateruls.

If it can be said that the architecture ofthis university
has an ideology. it is that of the status quo. A society
based on business and industry. where change is
decricd. builds a university to carry on these principals.
Order. stability. and efficiency disguised by a decorative
formula. that was the blueprint. To minds conditioned
to accept this. it is handsome.

'l'o hearts that yearn for ideals the architecture is
stagnant and cold. We must each examine our hearts
and minds to discover our own answer. For in that
examination. we shall find the keys to successful
building; clues to help solve the riddles of the future.

 

J

PAGE 5A

   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
   
   
  

   

 
  
  
  
 

   
 

  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

v  “5.1.5.

   
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

