 

 

 

-.. .
i .sm-m...,.m. .,

_ Hahn—MM.» _,. .

Wednesday

Sept 10
8:00 pm

  Introductory General Meeting

1-“) 354 (3rd Floor Lounge)

ALL WELCOME!

 

 

CUTS

Residents of a housing complex
for the elderly in Florida are being
victimized by someone unknown
who apparently hates Lawrence
Welk.

CULPRIT
CABLES

Gainesville housing authority-

director says that for the past 10
Saturdays. the phantomslike culprit
has clipped the television cable
leading into the Oak Park complex.
blitcking out all T.V. sets. The culprit
strikes each weekjust minutes before
the “Lawrence Welk Show“ comes
on. reportedly a favorite show
among elderly residents.

POLLUTION RISING

A United Nations“ sponsored
study is predicting that worldwide
pollution levels will probably
quadruple by the year 2000.

The study.conducted by alliandeis-
Howard research team. says that
pollution will likely increase in every
nation on earth during the next 20
years.

It states that while tlte greatest iii-
creases in the qua nt it ies of pollutants
will occur in third world countries.
the industrialin nation will still be
doing the most polluting by the
year 2000.

the UN study says that if the
nations of the world are Willing to
spend ‘5 l 50 billion a year. they could
actually reduce the level ofpollution.
SilSl) billion is approximately the

THE GUILT COMPLEX

A Washington University survey
hasdiscovered that the key to beinga
successful panhandler is —- believe it
or not —« to beg when the person you
are asking is eating.

University psychologist Doctor
Joan Lockyard rcportsthat team of
psychology students approached 526
people in tlte Seattle area and asked
them for ten cents. Of the 34 percent
who gave. Lockyard says. mostwere

 

alone and almost all Were eating.

Lockyard found that men are
more successful inpanhandlingfrom
women. while women found it easier
to beg dimes of men.

Food. the psychologist reports.
was the most important single factor
in the study. Lockyard reports that

 

  

HELPFUL HINTS

High Titties magazineis out with a
suggestion on how marijuana
smokers can ‘recycle" their pot
seeds.

The quarterly magazine says that
seeds should be sorted from the
stash. and then placed between wet
kleenex. High Times explains: “the
moisture will stimulate the seeds to
germinate. resulting in sprouts. In a
few days or so. these sprouts will be
about four inches high."

According to High Times. each
pound ol unwanted old seeds will
produce more than a pound of
usable although perhaps illegal
grass.

KKK REALLY FBI

Newly released documents by the
FBI show that a high percentage of
Ku Klus Klan leaders in the l%0‘s
were actually undercover FBI iti-
l'orniers.

’l'he declassified “cointelpro”
documents state that secret FBI in-
l'ornta nts held top-leadership roles in
seven ol the nation‘s l4 Klan groups.
lhe pa pcrs also show that. in I965.
2000 of the l0.000 KKK members
were li'lll informers in disguise.

In addition. FBI records indicate
that during a one-year period in the
late l960‘s. l-lll iiilorinaiits ae-

"  SIRHAN innocem.

Among the “to worst“ bills aiding
child nutrition. senior citizens‘
programs. and education of the han-
dicapped. The White House com-
plains that the bills are too costly.
although it supports more costly
measures funding the Trident Sub-
marine and the [H Bomber.

‘_V,V~.»\,..- \. "\ lib.
N AV E L N U D l T Y
OKAYED

(.‘llS has finally decided what to
do about Cher's nitvel.'l'lte television
network for weeks has reportedly
been mulling over the problem of
allowing her to display her navel
during her new fall ’l‘.V. show.
Chef's new show heginsat it put. on
Sunday nights this fall. during the
titnc period which CBS had dubbed
"the lainin hour."

Sonic CBS censors suggested that

   
   

The German magazine Div.

Stem claims to have uncovered ' '

another apparent discrepancy in the
official police version of the Robert
Kennedy assassination case.

Stern. a mass eirculutionWest Ger-v
niait publication. reports it has
tracked down a key eyewitness to the
toot assassination mho disputes the
story that Sirhaii Sirhan was in'a
position to fire the bullets which
struck Senator Kennedy.

.‘ili'ru says it interviewed the late
I.os Angeles District Attorney
Joseph Busch earlier this year short-
ly before Busch died. The magazine
says it questioned Busch about
reports that Sirhan was standing
several feet in front of Kennedy
when the shots were fired. yet the
Senator was struck at point-blank
range from behind suggesting that
two guns may have been tired at
Kennedy.

Busch is quoted as saying that a
tttaitre d‘ at the Ambassador Hotel.
Karl Ueeker. who was ltoldiiig
Kennedy‘s hand “hen the shooting
broke out. ‘saw Sirhan‘s weapon at
Kennedy‘s head."

 

«or»  . ,

a...

in I. 

   
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
    
  

 

 

   
   

 

 

 

 7 amount ol money the US alone “a handout is almost insured if pco- V ‘ '
i i ( : spends on war-related items each plc approached a single eating sub— collated lor more tltan 70 percent ol' “10 hllI‘C "ilWl "Hill" hL‘ In Cttltlllcl
‘ ‘2’      .  want iccl’" all new KKK [number-5. with traditional lamily yiiliics.
V 4".  o. ' ' lnnny ciiscCllShastold Cherthat
‘ .  I B O M B E R S A R E her natel can remain in sight but
i  —  only it she atoidsalleostiimes which liitscli told .S'Ii-I'H that Uecker was
‘ “a:  llie White Husc has supplied the gi\c her that see-through look. 'l’he hiding at an undisclosed location iii
.1 {I , Washington press corps with a list of network says that all her l‘lcslt- l.iiiopc "tor siilcty reasons.“
i i  the If) ‘iiiost objectionable“ bills as colored gowns must remain in the lltt\\L‘\t.‘l'. the itiaga/ine says it
' 3'; " """" " seen by the lord administration. dressing room. tracked down lleckcrin Dusseldoi-t, ,
_' ':::::: vv vvv333v::vvvv A: V¢A A- A d m  (ici'iii;iiii.:iiiilthatlcckerllatlydis- ;
  0 vvvvv  t.“ I.    TO all N.Y.c. areas pales the police \cisioii ol the .5.
ii i . ' l  . :l\\ll\\llltllltlll. l'eckcr is quoted as 1'
‘  . g, i     presE“ll-'In'gl.III.-.'I.Ilmn; «for Yarn KIPPUF Weekend stating that Sultan‘s gun ne\ er come A
5. (  m. . F . S 1,  chm: enough to Kcnticd) to tire
3 it ‘ .      "Leov'ng '1' ep ltlllicls at point blank range. |.os
; i i V 0  H    i ll.  s“. "Relurning Mon.  ‘5 \itgclcs L'oioiici lltotitiiii \ogiielti
. - . has stated repeatedly that keiinedy |
i » t   "LATE  |f demand \\tI\ sll iii-k iliiee times by :i giiii lired ;
l ' t ' u  k f on Sale Mon- W d i   ‘t ll'l iilnt hl'i‘k r- ii-- trim
is ~ W'T” “ER H” S'NGLE Midnight Blue" iiiiiisonsmiiinigiii Band 'C e s e " Y 3.2:: r  " e ‘
ti ' l00m-3pm ‘ “. W
. . , 9
l , and special guest star one the III'ElllEl' brothers 45 74700 Campus Happenmgs is HUGHES DEAD. i
it    liio stockholders to a llouard
{j  ' ' i lliigltes mm mm- lilt‘tl it \l00
“ ‘_ : million class action siiit claiming
i‘ 1    i   I  8  that the recluse billionaire i\ dead.
' ii 3  ‘ ' : lltc suit asks the court to appoint
7'   i y    E .iii tltillllllhlltiltll' loi the lliiglies cs-
f ‘  ’- i PLUS  mﬂnﬂﬂv, SEIII.  : tiitc. alleging that although lliighes
! l  ‘ E   .sreporieiltiihcicsidingai lltellotcl
‘. T' : \iiiiiiilti II\ the (mind llahanias. he
5  $ 3    "loE  5 "has been dead loi a considerable
‘  SMHL WEST    E pciiiitl" ol little. I
 . g TONIGHT _ H...   1......   t...
‘ ’ tcieisioonsaiewei-sem- w . iiioon. ruminants m  
. I _    ('oinpany. loimcrly kiioiiii as Air .
In C.C. Gameroom beginning 10:00 an. "E “am” 9 p ; we... »

Friiliw, nine

iilt' li'g'il action alleges that
lliiglies is lraitdulcntl) reported to

Tuesday Sept. 9th

 

 

.- _ u II n m

j . ‘: $5w/o

 

 

 

Bus "this go on sale    hi3.tll\c h_\ iiiiiiii:slliiglies citl‘l'lul'lil' 
_ .. 5 ' ' toneni ltlju'c‘s'o lo\\tllll to ecptie ‘
i l "on" mes" wed'  15' 16'    "lulu, “ELI, :   l‘liigliespcinpirc together in order to 3.
l l : ______________,__ = ntukc peisonal pi'oliti.. ‘5
‘ l m C'C'Gamﬂoom 3'  3-m-  ./\llt|I'ItCI‘_\slt)I' the Kurt/s say that 
       it lliighcs Idoe: noty I'Ciptlllti per- 
‘ ; siially to iie . ea ’or‘ sun. tiey '7
'       : D. , n of vacant council seat \iilll ask ilie courts to appoint illl ad- 
I o stili'l"l'l'."'t' .
Iltket Outlets h I t n  “Us” ass.“ :::.'“..:: A
Future Theater .ii.. us : f S t 20 binomich  i
i s n . Party 0 ep . ~
. i ring-Ill tentrul IIIIE. me ; _
x ;  ‘ tenter Jewelers 3 HAPPY

IuynnlnIluIIl-nnﬂlnllllIl-II-IIllllnn-‘lllltll-llll“Inn-"llllllllllllllllllllLllllLlI-Itmlllltllllllnll

I . . t e
m Emanﬂmdv’ : Constitutional Amendmen s : NEW 

 V  at the Palace Theater Coming Sept. 29

 

 

 

” ’ Thursday Sept. l8th dent Illllllll i : i
. I. ., 3.00 p m lean Luc l’onty m“- 5‘" = PEOPLE NEEDED FOR PARTY COMMITTEE E YEAR
~  funded by SA. ' ' & 3 ALL INTERESTED SOPHOMORES
E snouwﬂgttgygl i, '

 

u m u i. u u. n IILIL‘JI

 

 

 

lI-Ill|n-nIIIIIHIII-II-lI-II-II-lll

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

{DA A “A- A the Heath Brothers

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE NINE

SEPTEMBER 9, 1975 ‘ ﬂ

 

