. clearinghouse that ' slits~ throughéthe' _;

morass of funding programs, yoti’are‘
left ’withthe arduous task of digging up
potential cash sources yourself.

- . Step number one: -' Begin the
‘treasure hunt at your school's ﬁnancial

NWIIIIIIMIIIIIIWIIJIMIW

Firs~ have‘your'rpare'nts  out a” 

questionnaire‘ffrqm 'the' financial aid

office; that ‘ ill" determine their .
‘ wealthi—or lack of it. “you have left
home and received'no' substantial
- financial help from mom or dad for-12

months, "you are exempt from this
requirement. Instead, you must fill our

another application on your own

financial status. . ,

Q “Your application mayopen the door
to five major federal programs. Ask
your financial aid officer about your
chance at shaking some cash loose
from the‘following programs:

V I a v I o}: -
college'sdefinitioriarelikelyt

 

Say Something

Believe it or not, things are changable on this campus. We all walk
around and say: "Gee, they should fix that/do such and
such/ change so and so," and then go about our business.

To change things on this campus just takes time and
perseverance. FSA (Faculty—Student Association: it runs the
cafeterias, check—cashing, the campus center), SA (Student
Association; finances groups, represents students to the world), and
University administrators all are interested in a "better University".
Find out from SA how to go about changing whatever itié‘you want
to cha nge, keep at it, get some publicity, and you’ll be surprised—or
frustrated—but at least you'll learn something.

5 Basic Opportunity Grant (Boathands’out up to $1400 to
eligible students for each academic‘year. Theaverage grant,
however, is a miserly $450. Next fall, for thefirst time. Part time

‘ students w'ill‘ﬁlso be eligible 'for'BOGs‘Mhich Iundoubtably will

dipp'the storage allolmél1t eve“ l°w°"t t  

$$$ ‘

Supplementary EduCational Opportunity Grants ’(SEOG)

t

are a lucrative market for students With "exceptional financial

need"—those with family incomes less than $9000. .The average
grant is $670: lucky students receive as much as $1500.
The fattest find for students from high income families is the

$$$

Guaranteed Student Loan program (GSL). Family income can
reach $20,000 before shooting the eligibility requirements.

Students’apply at their school financial aid office, and then are
shuttled to appropriate banks where they may receive a maximum
$2500 loan, but probably only from $1200 to $1400. Loans carry a
seven per cent interest charge, and payment begins nine months
after the student leaves school.

Criticsof the program, however, have charged bank officials with
showing marked insensitivity to the economic needs of minority
students and women.

$$$.

An alternative to GSLs is National Direct Student Loan
(NDSL) money, which comes straight from the financial aid office
at only three percent interest. NDSLs have benefited fresh men and
low income students, who are usually ignored by loan officers at
banks.

SUNYA’S
est Bets

by Daniel Gaines

 

‘  A Piece of

The Actimn

ll you're transferring, dont be afraid to

ask for financial aid; it won't harm your
chances of admission. Most
institutions keep their admissions and
financial aid decisions separate. Also,
be sure to check the college catalogue
of schools you're looking at for
scholarship listings.

Step two: Don't stop your search yet.
Many financial aid advisors know little
about the world thatexists outside their
office doors. Millions of dooars are
donated to students every year from
organizations, businesses and other
sources.

For instance, every state has a
scholarship program of some kind. it
your financial aid officer craps out,
write to your state's department of
education for details.

Step three: Nose around your home
town for clubs orchurches which give

money to area students. The'Kiwanis,
Hotary, Elks and Lion's clubs and the
PTA are often generous.

Step four: Encourage your parents
to inquire at work about scholarships.
Many businesses provide for the
college «aged children of their
employees. ’

Step five: If the military life appeals
to you, ROTC, the Navy —-Marine
Scholarship Program and the
Women's Army Corp Student Officer
Program all pay handsomely. Contact
your local recruiter.

Step six: A little—publicized Social
Security program provides monthly
income for students whose mother or
father are dead or receive benefits for
disability or retirement. Contact your
local Social Security office.

Step seven: Spend a day at the

 

library, which abounds in books listing
grants given to students of a particular
race or nationality or who are pursuing
a certain occupation.

Scholarships, Fellowships and
Loans lists available cash categorized
according to your major, as does the
Annual Registry o/GranlSupporl. The
National Register 01 Scholarships and
Fellowships names thousands of
financial aid programs, complete with
deadlines and detailed eligibility
requirements.

But don't consult any book
published before 1972; foundation
grants change drastically over the
years.

Step eightrSpend 50¢ for one of the
most up—to—date listings of financial
aid sources: a pamphlet called "Need
a Lift?" Write to the American Legion
Educational and Scholarship Program,

 

Become an Administrator

The administrators of this school (and the whole SUNY system for

7mm”; 6P5

‘lndianapotis, [N 46206. '

Step nine: If you have a spare $40,
you can sign up for the services of the
Scholarship Search Corporation. This
company, the orin one of its kind in the
country, feeds your application into a
computer stocked with data about
250,000 scholarships. Search
guarantees to weed out at least five
scholarships for which you are eligible

'and a maximum of 25. No state or

federal programs are listed.

Forty percent of the students who
apply to Search eventually win
financial aid from the sources
provrded, according to the National
Student Educational Fund. Write to the
company at 7 W. Slst St., New York,
NY 10019.

Step ten: Get moving. The deadline
for most financial aid applications falls
in January or February.

 

 

Turn in Fellow Students

It's tough todo, but someone stealing
food or utensils from the cafeteria,
breaking open a vending machine,
ripping off the bookstore, or passing a
badcheck does not hurt anyone but
YOU. You pay more to coverall this.

that matter) get huge amounts of money; well over a third of the
entire budget. In various ways they are able to guide that money

happened to the Directorof the Campus Center and an FSA cashier
boss recently. But it is doubtful that these are the only instances.
Two .known would indicate at least ten unknown. So join the
administration, and get rich.

 

 

 

Pick' Up Tax Card

 . 4..
sis .

As long as you pay thirty—two dollars

I each semester in student tax, you

might as well take full advantage of it.
Movies, plays, publications, concerts
and dances are all cheaper wtth'your
tax card. You can even get involved
with Student Association government
and help decide where the half——
million—-plus of student money goes.

Read the ASP

'f'he only way to reach you for most
organizations is through the paper, :50
when thumbing through watch out for
thingsthat can help you. Not everyonn
does, nor will they evar, and because i it
that you will know bits of into that
others won't know, and as a resnh you
Will be able to complete tho grout
American Dream: Get ahGifl.l._

 

Be Available

Students who want more friends (or
just more phone calls) and know that
they are unlisted in the University
Directory andlhaven't informed the
Information Desk of their phone
number should do so.

Lock Your Door

Security says that most robberies on
campus are due to simple neglect:
leaving the door open. Lock yours, and
the chances that your possessions will
still be there when you return will be
increased manifold.

 

 

 

Rip-Off Bookstore

Close youreyes to morality, and your iacketaround a record, and

walk confidentally out of the bookstore. Available with this method "

at amazingly low prices are books, posters, toiletries, and other
supplies. Proper Justification goes: "They're ripping _us off with
high prices." Avoid remembering that they simply raise prices to
everyone else to cover your stealing.

Make Friends With a Car Owner

SUNYA is a version of the "closed off" campus; the real world is
alwaysdistant. A friend Willi ('1 car permits you to triple the number
of activities possible on any night. It makes going home (or to the
bus station) far easier. Most advantages of having your own car

Don’t Get Caught

Save lots of money on attorney fees.

 

 

 

 

 

' . ' without all the hassles ‘ ‘ ' .r, a, a > Iv
minimalism"mruminant-limitmiuuiuuuiuumImimuiiiinIuIimimlnumuiiuuiuummummiimmuiumuuuiiiuummm W"""'"“ "m"""“'”""""“""" “me"'"“"""""""'“""“W""“'“"“"““"““““"“'"'"

’ALBANY STUDENT sasss ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 5°15? i " '

 

PAGE 41’ '

 

 

 

