    
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
   
  
 

 
 

 

.’V-‘W<l‘nrr"<~—' \.

t

  
 

looking tor Christian Fellow'shlp?‘ Albany Evangelical
Christians meet'every Fri. nlght’at 7 in CC 315 for prayer and
-. sharing. Come and ioin in God’s love.

An intormal group discusiing tlie' releirance ot the Torah in com
temporary times meets every Mon. night in a Chumaeh review at
the Sidra with Rabbi Rubin at 8 p.m. i‘Campus Center 373. All

welcome. v
0

it e

Agriculture in China, a talk by Alice Britenbacker, local Grange
member who visited Peoples China this summer. Friday at 7:30
p.m. at Friends Meeting House, 727 Madlson Ave. All invited;
sponsored by the U.S.—Chlna People’s Friendship Associa-
tion.

a a

THIS WEEKEND ‘

5 by 2 Dance Company—Bruce Becker and Jane Kaminsky are
5 by 2. They will be in residence here lrom Oct. lb-lB. in-
tprmedlate Modern Class, Fri. at 2: i0 p.m. lecture Demonstra-
tionpn various choreographic styles will be tonight at 7 p.m. (Ad-
mission is $3. gen adm; S2. with lD; Si. with tax) Allclasses will be
in the SUNYA Gym-Dance Studio. Sign up lar classes there.

. a e

Going to Church but don't know how to get there? Pineview
Community Church sends a bus to Dutch Quad at 10:40 every
' Sun. morning. Fellowship in the lord with us.

Anyone interested in attending i'm Orthodox Christian

Fellowship group is urged to attend our meetings on Sundays at

6 p.m. in the CC Patroon lounge. For lurther inio call Terry at
615 5.

i a
legal Commission Announcement. intormation and inter-
viewing iar “Student Advisers" this Sun. at 8 p.m. in the CC
Ftrestde lounge. Call 472-8216 alter l0eveningsior moreinio.

This weekend the Freeze Dried Coffeehouse is happy to

welcome Nickie Seeger (talk). Come seethe Assembly Hall smile,

lrom 8:30 to 12. Free with tax, $.75 without. Help us run the
Cotieehausell To sign up, stop by, or call 4574735.

Albany Great Dane Football returns to the WSUA airwaves tor
the iinal 5 games oi the i975 season Saturday. Oct. 18, when
the Great Danes travel to New Haven to play the Owls oi
Southern Connecticut State College. Join Doug lewanda &
Harvey Koian tor the exciting, live, play~by~play action starting
at 1:25 p.m. with the pre-game show, Al's Attic. That‘s Albany
Great Dane Football on The Sporty sco—wsus.

WSlJA presents every Sun. train 3 to'5 p.m.: “I'm A Woman”.
Topics oi Interest to women are discussed, music played. This
week's topic is Women and lesbianism.

Q e Q

Delta Sigma Pi—associate member meeting Sun 8:30 p.m.;
Business meeting at 9:30pm. on the 2nd iloor oi the BA Building.
Casual dress, please be prompt.

Delta Sigma Pi—SOFTBALL 'GAME'tt Sat. ll a.m. behind
DUTCH, between Brothers and Associate members. Details call
Gary Weissrnan 7-7794.

I Q I

5 by 2 Dance Company-—Bruce Becker and Jane Kaminsky are

5 by 2. Perlormance, Sat. at B: 30 p. rn. on the PAC Main Stage.

Tickets are available at the PAC Box Oliice (4573606). Gen.

adm. is $4.50; 53. with '0; $1.50 with tax card. For lurther inio
call Maude Baum 457-4525.

Albany State Fencing Si-iciety: Sat dt i0 a.m. in the Women’s
Auxiliary Gym. (2nd iloor Phys. Ed. Bldg.). Alsameets Weds. at
7:30 p.m.

Fall is here at beatuttut Mohawk Campus, serving the student
community with 284 acres oi rcillng hils and woodedland. Come
out and picnic, bike in the country, canoe, and enjoy a day oi

relaxation in nature. Just 15 minutes onthe Northwayall Exit 8.
. e e

   

M O N D A Y
All thoseinterestod in working one-the Solicitation; Committee
For Telethon '76, are invited to a General Interest meeting.

Mon. at 10 p. m. in CC 370. It you have any questions or cannot
' attend; please call Ellen 7-4656 or Joe 7J7”.

a s I I

Don't miss your chance to share your musical talents with the peo-

ple you live and work withi Come at 7 p.m., Mon. to the Dutch
Quad U-lounge Cotteehouse, tor auditions.

   
 

There will be an Alumni Quad Board meeting on Man. in the
Alden Main lounge at 7 p.m. This meeting] is open to all in-
terested students. It you want to do something to make Alumni
better, please come to the Qupd Board meeting.
. ,

TUESDAY

Older and Returning Students (over 25): there will be a
Seminar in two parts on Career Decision Making led by liz
Zivanov, Tues. Oct. 21 and Thurs. Oct. 23, tram Tl a.m.ta l p. m.
in the library, rm. B-lA.
Q Q

Judo Club meets tonightln the Gym Wrestling Room at 7 p. m.,
Thursday at 6. Beginners class starts at 7:30 on Thurs. For more
into call Andy at 7-7705 or Bonnie at 7-7B75.

AlbanyState Archers mdets at 3:30 plm. tonight in the Women's
Auxiliary Gym on the 2nd iloor oi the Phys. Ed. Building. For into
cell Dale 7-5228.

Baha'i Club at SUNYA-iitlormbtion dnd discussion open to all.
Tues. at 7:30 p.m. Room 373 Campus Center.

Pro-law Society-Meeting Tuesfat 8 p.m. in lC i9,Topic: “The
lawyer as Judge," ieaturing Judge Arnold Froskin.

e is Q
An interesting class in Mishna, Midrash, Chassldic and Jewish
philosophy is given every Tues. evening by Rabbi israel Rubin at
his home 122 So. Main Ave. 8 p.m. All are welcome. Foriniorma-
tion call 482-5781.
Freshmen and Seniors iriterestbd in working on the November
Ballroom party come to a meeting Tues. at 7 p.m. in the CC
Fireside lounge. '

       

There will be a meeting at University Speakers Forum every
Tues. at 7:30 p.m. in the Patroon lounge. All are welcome.
s t. .

 

Albany State Fencing Socety meets every Wed. at 7:30 p.m.

and Sat. at ‘0 a.m. tn the Women’s Auxiliary Gym. (2nd iloor
Phys. Ed. Bldg.) Beginners Welcome. Foriniocall Mark 7-7987.

e

Duplicate Bridge Game meets.Wed.iat 7 p.m. Beginner's class

at 6. All welcome. Cash prizes, relreshments. For inio call Andy at
7-7705.

n e a

The Bryn Mawr Book Shop, 1 Arcadia Ave. Albany, will have an '

Open House on Wed. alternoan, irom 3:30to 5:30 p.m. to honor

Emin Cheny Neville whose book A Garden of Broken Glass,

has been recently published. Reireshments will be served,

children are particularly welcome, and Mrs. Neville will be glad
to sign her books.

. n ..
The English Department will present Earl Rovit, a prolessor at
English at C.U.N.Y. on Wed. at 4 p. m. in HU 354. He will speak on
“Some Truths, Hall Truths, and Lies About the lost Generation.“
Everyone is welcome.

. . .
WlRA Council meets every Wed. at 7: 30 p.m. in the Bleeker 2nd

Floor lounge.

s e a
The Student Committee to Elect Prat. Alvin Magid to the
Schenectady County legislature seeks volunteers to aid in the
campaign. Interested students meets Wed., 7:30 p.m. in the

Fireside lounge.
. . r.

Want to get away irom it all? The Outing Club meets every
Wed. night at 7: 30 p. m. in CC 3 l 5, We hike, climb, cave, and an
icy ourselves. Come join us.

. t n

hf, phihiir and critic will 5
lot eon Journalism and thsiluokyélll
‘ p ‘ his work it progress, Chaos. He will Speakin
In W tram! untile p.m. His appearance is being co-spOnsored
by the Journalism progromLtho Department at English and
, ' the University Speakers Forum.

 

Community sort/ta. [value Ion Sessions are going on_
Community Service students MUST ATTEND ONE,

Q D e
Registration tor Community Service, tor Spring '76, will take
place during the week at Nov. J—Nov : 7, lrom 9 a.m, to 4 pm
~ between lC3 and l.C4. '

» mu. volleyball guitars-is.” {arm are available to,
Captain deadlines are oct. 29 tor basketball and Oct. 30 to,
' volleyball. Rosters may be picked up in CC 356.

Q
Camera Club announces an all new photography contest. Enter
the Store Photo- SUNYA Camera Club Phtography Contesl'
you iust might win a brand new 35mm SlR, or one oi the many
other prizes. For details go to any branch oiState Photo or con.
tact one at the oiticers ol the Camera Club.

Q Q Q
OCA, Qlt Campus Association is announcing the opening at
their new oliice: please stop by it you want to help this new
organization get its leet back on the ground. The new oilice is
am the iirst iloor ot the CC next tothe cash register at the pool
room.

t D Q
Attention State Quad: All thoseinterestedin the newlyiorm.
ed constitution committee call Gary 7-4979

4 Q Q
Anyone interested in a leailet campaign and/or sitting at tables
in the CC tor theEqual Rights Amendment please call Susan at
449-5924.

Q Q
Halloween is approaching again. wa about welcomtng ll by
getting involved with the i975 UNICEF campaign. All interested
groups and people call Claire 7-4761 or Nancy 7‘795l

The Grievance Cemmittde Agdinst beism will have complaint
iorms inthe CC and Tower Oiiices. Call Jill tor lurther inlo al 438~
4260.

a ir a

Contribute your stories, poems, graphics, and photos to Phoenix
literary Magazine. All welcome at weekly stall meetings to
select works lor publication. For into call 7-3074 or 7-8954.
e . .

la Salle School, a residential treatment center lor adolescent

boys, located across the street lrom St. Rose, still needs college

volunteers who will act as Big Brothers and Big Sisters to some oi

the boys. Those interested, please phone Ms. Osborn at 489.
” 4731.

. . a
Older and Returning Students (over 25): the Drop-ln-Ceitlcr is
now in operation in the Patroan lounge oi the Campus Center
every Mon. and Thurs. lrom ll a.m. to l p.m., except Thurs Oct.
23. Come socialize, bring your lunch, have a cup at collee

e
Graduate School interviews—.Oct. 2.3 NYU Graduate School ol
Arts & Sciences; Oct. 28, Adelphi University lawyer Assistant
Program.
e s a

The Many Uses at Classical Mythology, on eYJTIl’Jll oi pltrttDS
and graphics will be in the PAC Recital Hall, through ()(I 2’)

. . .
Oil Campus Association, is a student governed thmllliiltolt
willing to help and assist students who are living oil tun tiuV ll
you have any problems or questions concerned wlllt llll,’ ult
campus please stop by our oiiice or call either Andy 434 48/8 0:
Sandy 433-4304.
. . .

These students have not attended a Community Service OHL‘It-
tatton and are in danger oi FAllING community survit .- l-nr,
should contactthe Community Service Oiiice(lCBJt), / Al‘rim’ mt
mediately. Y. Benhanania, T. Brady, l. Bronk, M bot-nit B
Cassel, S. Cohen, L. Collins, M. Dulin, N. Faba. D. Frrcrlliwtv' 1
Gibson, J. Kolhmann, E. Leikowitz, M. luka, l. Malrur, l Mnrw
do, A. Sarna, M. Schill, M, Sieven, A. Smallwood, C 5m rtr H
Stern, N. Walker. Also, J. Axelrotlt, D. Chamorro, G. Mom/rm.
J. Puglia, A. Rivera, E. Rosenberg, J. Williams, and P Wilts

At Crisis l'totline isto begin within the next two months til I. .,, lot

child-abustng parents. Volunteers are needed to than till:

telephone. For lurther lnio please call Maria Sc tukpatl or '//-t
3l26.

. s . .
Friends: Tools Project Inc. at East Greenbush is now In lltt.‘ prm ~-\\
oi establishinga 24 hour community service linu ith-lltcd
Outreach Switchboard. Volunteers are desperately m-lel
For lurther inio call 477-8990.
. . .

Oil Campus Association needs volunteers to work on toinptltng
inlormation about iood co-ops, restuarants, bars, trartsportrritori
services, and other areas at concern to the Oil-Campus btnrttvttt
Please stop by our oiiice onthe iirst iloor oi the Cornpm< mu"
next to the cash register at the pool room
I e A

 

lli‘llllll r/iI't’r/m’ Dim .S'ii'gill. lt’litl ltil .tlrt‘i'im wit/I
Dir/y Hurry tit bar/r wit/i ('(ttNiAN' ltl.Ul"l".
[fail trrrm/ l.) .t'u/u'rlr rr.t' (m /l rizmm ('ilit‘llrl'l’-lil|l‘lllli' v.
your /u Nt’il' York in .l'l’ill'l'li ul'an i'.t't'(l/)i‘(l h'l/li'l‘.

 

FRIDAY, OCT. I7, 1975

7:l5 & 9:45 p.m.
LC. l

5.50 W/la" $1.00 w/irul

I’LU Detouring America (rt short.)

 

_’ M

COOGAN’S BLUFF

 

 

 

PAGE EIGHT'

 

ALBANY STUDENT I‘m ‘3

)

~———————-———-—-—-—""-

sZT‘IST" ER 17’ 197:,

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

  
 
  

  
 
  
   
   
    
  

  

   

 
 
   

  
  

tltut was l'ixcd iiritund lttcky's truck. whilc
l'orcclully ultcrlng the commands. "litickL"
"Stitpl." :md "Duncc. Pig!“ I’it/Iiicumc ttcross
must cll'cctit'cly its it hciirtlcss glullun its he
drank unit tttc hcttrllly. wltilc listi'ugiin imd
Vlitdimir cummcntcd upon his scandalous
lrctttmcnt ul Lucky.

With tltc entry 01' it smitll buy. pluycd by
Kelly Syntuits. thc itudicncc was reminded ul'
tltc purposc irl Vluditnit“s rmd listrugnn‘s
prcscitcc. ()ttcc uguin. we were told. Mr.
(ittditt would not itppcztr that ct'cuing. htit
surc citirugh. his prcscncc wus guiiritntccd for
thc billowing (tllc.

Stumbling and Pitlful

‘Waiting lfor Godol’:
it w... Worth the Wait

by “me” zud‘" \ all the log. grumbling iind grunting. much to
“Nmm'lgl” h“ ‘1“"c‘" Jihcrcls ""l “ “mm” the audience‘s itinuscmcnt. Estrugttn is soon
bcing islch who has not expressed that sculi- juincd by his cohort. Vladimir. porlrttycd by
mcnt or dcspttir. url'cll. tit onctimc itrimothcr. Nclm“ Avidnm “ndmclw” chumc‘mcngﬂgc
ml“ he "r 5h" h“! hue" ""5""er by “ web “I. in some [tittyllll untics imd citntcmplttlc their
hupclcssncss turd hclplcssncss. thtltcr uric pm“ experiences while wailing rm. mmcmw
"WSW-W“ “‘0 ‘lucm‘ln‘ni‘m “‘ “WWW” nitmcd (iudut. I'ltcir moods \‘ill‘y incxtrcmcs:
liiilurcs lilttl disuppointmcuts. or merely suc- m ccrmin pain”. {heir “Cums mmmhlc ﬂ
“mm” m “ “CSSJll‘iSJiC "mm" M “mammal l.illll‘i.‘l untl Iliirdy i'uutinc. \vltilciu othernthcy
Imu- Ci'd‘ “ml “Cr-V ""c “l “3 mum'th pundct' tltcti' purpitsc on «until ltud cvctt dis-
rcucltcs lltc stImc cud. Iltis prccuriitushtiluncc cu» H“. pmsimm) 0|» hanging mun“.th
bctwccit hopc and dcspuir was the subjcct til
Iltc curly twcnlicth century tr‘ugtcumcdy.
ll llllllll’ Irrr' (rm/til. prcscntcd ltlltlcl‘ tltc tlircc-
lliill ul l)r. .lumcs Symitns ill tltc mum thculcl'
til the I'r\(' lr'uut ()ct. PM].

lltc pluy irpcns wrth lislrugou. plttycd by
John Rytlcr. scutcd upon n log. hitpclcssly
lugging ttt his hunt. Despite his cllitl‘ts. ltc is
unable to rcmmc Il lrrtm hisluut. und tumbles

lhc sccuitd itCl npcns with Vladimir stun-
iliug bclurc it true that sumchuw spruittcd
lctttcs overnight, llc sings it htmturuiis sung
about it dog‘s litllih lacing dug by other dogs.
hill is untthlc ll) cnlnplclc it. tutti cuittinucs It)
rcpcitt lhc lt'ttgmcnt lllill ltc ducs rcmcmbcr.
l’crhups this “do unuthcr ciittttttcnlliry itn lhc

|Itisdiscttssiouisintcrruptctl bythccntryitl cycllcul miturc ul lilc llllll llL‘illll. Vluiltinil' is
l’u/Iu ltnd Lucky. muslcr und slttvc. pluycd tuincd shortly b) listi'ztiutn. :md lhc l\\'l|L'i)ll-
rcspcctivcly by l.cn Scihiliu imd (ircg Lcttm- liltuc Ill tltcir discussions illitl prittiks Ill urdcr
tug. lhc brutality ul Pit/m wtts incrcduluus. lu puss tltc ltmc.
“5 l‘L' s“"l’l’cd hi5 “Chill “"d icrkcd “‘9 ml“: ()Itcc murc. l’ii/mltnd Luckyctttcrcd. lll1l_\’
this timu. ll chimgc hits occurrcd: \L'cllllltlll)’
overnight. I’m/it luts hccomc blind. and is
plitcctl In tltc position (ll plczidiuglur pity ttllll
usststtittcc \tltcn ltc stumhlcs and is ututblc to
rccmci'. As :ut itpprnprittlc conclusion to thc
plity. lhc but t'ccnlci's \\it|t lltc cxpcctctl un-
nuuitccmcnt tlutt Mr. (ioilttt \\itllltl not
uppcur than L'\c'lllllt_'. Ulllll‘l'. lltc curtqu lulls
us Vludttttri tutti l‘ﬁll'ilgllltCttllhltlcl'lllcll'sitlHl-
tiult. should Mr. (littlttl :tppclti' thc lullitwiitg
t:\’cltlng.

“Dance. "9’"

> smut/tug.

 

'I‘lri‘ rut-mix of the [)t'tj/itt‘nrulrt'c
was (‘tllll’i'lll' lllli’lhltlllbll' m Illl'
abi/iLt' oft/w actors.

 

 

 

lltc plot 0i ll'rrr'lr'rry lill' (rm/m was it
rcltttitcly simple one. yct tltc succcss til the
pci'lurmiutcc \t'us crtltt'cly illll’lltlllllltlc lit the
ability of thc ltctttrs. Mr. A\’ltl0ll turd Mr.
Rydct' wcl'c nothing short ul' superb in their
rcspcctttc ritlcs itl Vlttdimir turd Iistrugitu. the
bitter. with it smile iutd lituglt llliil Clltticly
rcscmltlcd thul ul llli: cuwtu'dl)’ lion lit the
Wi/uril 0| 0/. kcpl \ltc ltudtcltcc ill stilcltcs.
Ilia ability to assume it marvelously itl'lcctcd

 

 

L‘ Nelson Avldon as Vledmlr In a scene lrom "Welling tor Godot".

 
  
    
   

gait «malt its ti wi c‘t‘ttrlct'y oi-l cial
prcss‘ipii‘s :tddcd just the right touch to his, rev.
quircd mic. tmd-llil‘ citscr wit’hrwhich be per{
formed his physicttl acrobatics Willi truly

 
 
  

Vladimir. ‘dcspilc ll chronic urge to rclrcvc
ltiruscll ill Ihc must sccmiitgly inttppritpriiltc
timcs. \UISlllt.‘ rnnrc \crhul ttitd ditminccrittgut'
the I“ it. and illicit itllitwcd sumc philosophical
tltuu‘ght to pcrmcutc his humor. "is punch
lincs \tcrc dclitcrcd with it cynictil glint in his _
eyes. and his \ ncnl uppitrritus uttdcnicnt quilt:
ll titsl'itrntttiion \\ hurt his mic cullcd litl‘ more
serious cunttticttltirt.

  
 

   
   
    

  
 

     
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
  
  
        
    
    
   
    
     

   
  

Bucky’s Reﬂects! Role  1

Lou Scihilitt “sis li'iglllcntttylt citntincingus
lhc inhuuutnc mustcr. barking. illll itt'dcrs rind
indulging lumscll in drink and liltttl \t'itlmut
grimy thought it! unntltcr. (it‘cg inquiring. its V
his lllltill‘L'iIlL‘tl :tud tizilltctic slutc. \\tll jl
pt'tihttblt bu rcttlcmbct'ctl ituist lur his ‘4
sccmtnglt cuillcss tuiuiiilripuc \\ Itcn ut‘dct'cd tit

t
,spcuk. llts uthci'wisc rcttccnl :Ittiluilc “US l
Ittust cummcutp. iIttd lll\pil'l‘tl iI tll‘cill dcul itl' 
.\_\Ilt[|illll_\. ‘4

lltc lighting CllL‘t‘l “"4 cspcciully silt-ccsslul. 
and tin: rm:th iil :r lllttttll gl'lltlllilll} :tppcttt'ittg ;
mt il hluc htickill'itp. iict'uniputticd b_\ lltcdim- .

mini: itl Ihc lights \tus truly hcuutilul

In our rmn cxistcncc. us in lirlilltil’vlitl'
(r‘itrlrtl. thc pl‘L‘\ltIll.\ tluy‘s ctcnts mu) hc itl'lit-
tlc cititscqucncc Ill light til prcscitl linings on. i
Hm muy t:\t.‘ll ludc inttt tthscuril) iluc lit the
nuttirc til lilc‘s cndlcss ctclc. It is ill cutt-
sidcrublc sigttiliczincc lllill itnc ttl lltc lit'st pcr-
lurmunccs ttl tltc plut' “us duitc by and
ptcscntctl liir lltc itllllttlcs at Sun ()uctttin. tt'
gt'uupul llltll\itlllill.\\\ltttill1tlttlll’til!tll} hud lit- ,:
tlc tlllllctlli} lli rclrttiugtitlcclings .it llitPCilliLl
dcsptur.

“l-ur cuclt ititi: \tltu hcgius In \tccp. tinitthcr
stops: wu urc born. \\c Willi. \ic dtc. \\c llutc
time to gross ttld . . . int luibit is it grcttl
dcudcncr." in il scnsc. cuclttutil ctct'yitnciil us
is muting.

 

 

 

