 

 

 

-'.,«

3

 

a i .
caulwhtch New York voters
'd on Tuesday; _ r

some  million citizens or

re f ered to vote in the state. but

' ‘ utis ; in offLyear elections

traditionally are low. and supporters

ornament the ballot questions being

'  fear that voter apathy will

doom them. . .

Thi "' ‘s particularly true for

I ' f the ERA. who fear it has

aroused enough controversy to draw

a signiﬁcant “anti” turnout. Both

supportersaand opponents of the

ERA bdigvethe New York vote onit

could have important impact on the

nationwide drive to end legal sex dis-
crimination. ‘

Eyes Of The Law

The ERA on the state ballot is
supposed to make men and women
equal in the eyes of the law. It would
amend the state constitution"equali-
ty of rights underthe lawshall not be
denied or abridged by the state of
New York or 'any subdivision
thereof ." The drive for ratification of
a similarly worded amendment to
the federal constitution has bogged
down in the past two years.

Opponents of the ERA argue that
it could undermine the legal struc-
tures which buttress family life. such
as the legal obligation of a man to
support his family. Supporters say It
would not. but that it Would remove
legal barriers which have held back
women in some cases and dis-
riminated against men in others.

The ERA and seven other
statewide questions will top a ballot
that. throughout the state. will be
peppered withllocal contests. In ad-
dition. in New York City. It)
amendments to the city charter are
up for decision. Here is a review of
the eight statewide referendum
questions:

Proposition Number One. A $250
million bond issue to construct some
8,000 new housing units for the
elderly at subsidized rents. Supports

‘ y the state needs the housing, op-
ponents say it already has too much
dr'tltt-~ ‘ ‘ ' '
Amendment Number One. The
ERA. '3 i '
A Amendment Number Two. It
would establish a permanent Com-
mission on Judicial Conduct to In-
. vestlgate complaints against judges.
Supporters say current procedures
are inadequate and too lenient on
errant judges. Critics. including
Chief Judge Charles Breitel, criticize
it as a piecemeal reform.
Amendment Number Three. It
would allow a statewide chief ad-
ministrator for the courts to preside
over' the assignment of judicial per-
sonnel and budgeting. Supporters
say it will allow more efficient use of
the state‘sjudicial resources to clear
backlogs and cut costs. Critics saya
new centralized bureaucracy would
be unwieldy. ‘
Amendment Number Four. This.
would allow the legislature. upon a
petition signed by two-thirds of the
members of each house. to call itself
back intospecial session. Supporters
say it would improve legislative in-
dependence and allow a “veto ses-.
sion“ to override vetoes the governor
makes after the legislature adjourns.
Critics say it would create expensive

 
 
   
   
    
 
 
  

Mt! A. Mhﬂl'l'tc-
ﬁIB arms «as «r s WT
or mews,uo We.
‘lttl‘t'ke me if, pm
Career autism n It»!
Wt stints! at MW

special sessions for little purpose,-

other than. political grand-standing

' Amendment Number Five. This
would clarify the rights of local
governments toissue bondsto build

storm sewers. as well as the regular .

waste-disposal . sewers they can
already bond for.

Amendment Number Six. Local
governments would be allowed to
exclude from the budget ceiling im-
posed bythcirconstitutional proper-
ty tax limits the costs of pension
benefits for their employees. Sup-
porters say the tax limits are un-
realistically low and that without
this amendment severe service cuts
would be needed. Critics say ser-
vices and pension costs should be
cut. and if that doesn't work an in-
come tax orsome othertax would be
more equitable than higher property
taxes. ‘

Amendment Number Seven. This
would allow churches and other
non-profit organizations now allow—
ed to conduct bingo to branch out
into other types of gambling. Sup-
porters say it would down on illegal
gambling and the influence of
organized crime. as well as provided
revenue source for churches. Critics
say gamblingshould bediscouraged.
not expanded.

    

 
 

met? arm

  
  

”
T.
.\

OI9II tiles “‘3'.
rm

Bu

Ford Ousts Schlesinger and Colby

WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of
Defense James R. Schlesinger and
CIA Director William E. Colby are
being ousted in a shakcup of top
national security posts. rtccordingto
top Pentagon officials.

President Ford scheduled a news
conference for tonight. presumably
to make it official.

Ford‘s news conference will be
held at 7:30 pm. EST in the East
Room of the White House. a
spokesman said.

The Pentagon officials also said
Henry A. Kissinger will relinquish
his job as chairman ofthe National
Security Council while remaining
Secretary-of-State .

A high-ranking Republican
source said Schlesinger will be
replaced by Donald Rumsfcld,
White House chief of staff; Colby by
George Bush. now U.S. represen-
tative to China. and that Kissinger
will be replaced as NSC chairman by
Air Force Lt. Gen. Brent Scowcroft.
Kissinger's deputy and protege.

Kissinger spent the morning at the
White House and planned to have
lunch at the Exocutive Office
Building nearby with Vice President
Nelson A. Rockefeller. who told
Ford today he does not want to be
considered for the vice presidential
nomination next year.

The vice president's announce
rrtent was to beanotber suretopic of
the news conference.

Members of the

PAGE TWO

Senate to?

telligence Committee reacted sharp-
ly to the report of Colby‘s ouster.
linking it directly to his willingness
to cooperate with its investigation.

Chairman Frank Church. D-
Iduho. termed it part of “a whole
pattern developing of trying to
thwart the committee's work.“

“It is clear that . . . on a broad

front there is noqucstion in my mind
but that concealment is the order of
the day." Church said.

Church said the pattern began
with an cl'fon to block public
hearings and included a letter from
Ford on Friday. appealing to the
committee not to make public its
report on assinution.

$2 Bill Makes Comeback

WASHINGTON (AP) The govern-
ment officially announced today it
will issue a new $2.00 bill on April
l3. I976. The date will be the birth-
day of Thomas Jefferson, whose
portrait will be on the bill.

Treasury Secretary William E.
Simon said he hopes Americans will
make wide use ofthe new bill. since it
is intended both to save the govern-
ment $4 million a year in printing
costs and also to reduce the volume
of currency American carry.

The $2 bill. which dates back in
the nation's history to I776. was
removed from circulation in lass
because of it lack of interest by
Americans. who preferred using the
SI bill in preference to the 52.

Jefferson. the third President of
the United States. also was on the
front of the last issue of the $2 bill.

Treasury officials said they also
considered other prominent persons.
including civil rights leader Martin
Luther King and suffragettc Susan

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

B. Anthony. but decided Jefferson
was the most appropriate.

There will bea change in the back
ofthe bill. It will feature a rendition
of the signing of the Declaration of
Independence. as painted by John
Trumbull after the American
Revolution.

Although the bill is beingissuedin
connection with celebration of the
nation‘s 200th birthday. Simon said
it is intended as an important and
continuing piece of national curren-
cy.

He said about $225 million of the
new bills will be availablefor circular:
tton by banks intime forthe April l3
release date. and he said annual
production will be about $400
million.

Officials said they anticipate few
problems in the retail and banking
business because of the new bill.
They said a similar bill circulates in
Canada without causing any
problems in handling by businesses.

  

Negotiatlons Essa Labs so Flghttng
BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Another lull in Beirutfs Christian-Moslcm warm
in today. with only scattered shooting reported. Broadcasts and newspapers
expressed hopethat the l2thcease-fire negotiated by Premier Rttshid Karnmi
might be successful. Security ofﬁcials attributed the new lull to mun”...
clock negotiations by Karami, Palestinian guerilla lenders and
representatives of the right-wing Christian Phalange party. Militittmen of
both sides began to heed the repeated cease-fire calls of their lctrdcrs,

Dlnltz Agalnst Action In Lebanon

CHICAGO (AP) Israeli Ambassador Simcha Dinitz says lsrttcl would
seriously consider military action should any Arab nation enter the conflict
in Lebanon. At a new conference Sunday, Dinitz said his country is
concerned “that our northern border with Lebanon should not bcconic a
border of confrontation," but he refused to speculate on what conditions
would cause Israel to confront a third party in the conflict.“A mlnttrll)‘, in
this case Christian. is being slaughtered by a Moslem majority and Ihc rest (,1
the world is apathetic.“ said Dinitz. here for the American chish Council
convention.

Peron Faces Impeachment and Surgery

BUENOS AIRES. Argentina (AP) President Isabel Peron. lacing
impeachment threats in congress. was hospitalized early today for at gall
bladder condition. the government said. A reliable medical sourcc snid slit:
may haveto undergo an operation. Mrs. Peron‘s condition was not scrious.a
medical bulletin said. Butthe source said the recovery period from suchttn
operation ranged from three weeks to more than a month. Senate President
ltalo Luder, who ﬁlled in recently as acting president and is Mrs I’cron's
constitutional successor. told newsmen he did not plan to change his schedule
today.

Dlssldents Rebel to Bangladesh

NEW DELHI, Indls (AP) Dissident units of the Bangladesh army rcbcllcd
Monday against the ll-week-old military-backed fovernmcnt in l)tlt.‘Cil.
diplomatic sources reported. An unconfirmed Indian report said that
President Khondakar Mushtaque Ahmed had been replaced as heard ot'sttttc
In a peaceful transition of power by the garrison commander of
Dacca.United News of India. in a dispatch approved by Indian govcrnntcnl
censors. reported from New Delhi that a Brig. Mushraf. the No. Zmun Ill the
Bangladesh army. had become the new president.

Paul McCartney Comments on the Beatles

PERTH. Amtralia (AP) “Nothingis left ofthe Beatles now. only mcmttrlcs."
said Singer Paul McCartney. a member of the disbanded rock and roll
quartet. at his first news conference in three years. His ambition now 1.x"tust
to be happy.“ and he said he is happy with his group “Wings.” Alter it
performance Saturday at the Perth Entertainment Center. Mcc‘ttrtncysrud
“ l be good thing about this group is that it is new. lt'sjust ut thc slrtrl ul Ilh

life. That‘s always the best time. The only worry is trying to followthcllctttlcs."

Court Flequlres Thlrd Trial In Alloto Case
WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court today let stttnd ltll otdcr
'Ic‘lumllg a Illlrd lriul of San Fransisco Mayor Joseph Alioto‘s SIZ. nulhon
filial 5"“ against the former publisher of Look magazine. The rtrttclccnutlctl
Ihc Web that Links San Fransisco‘s Mayor Alioto and thc Mutts."
appeared in the Senl- 23. I969. issue of Look. which hits stttcc L'cttscd
PUbIIf-‘ﬂllﬂn: Alloto'sucd Cowlcs Communications. Ind. A |3<dtti lrlltl Ill
:70 ended tn mtstrtal when thcjury could not agree on a verdict. Altcr u 31-
dd’y trtal tn I972.   District Court jury found the ttrtrclc Ittlsc turd
'5 dmdtory. but stud it could not return a verdict on the issue oI mnltcc.

House Commlttee Supports Loan to NYC

[WASHINGTON (AP) The House Banking Committcctodttyrtpprm'cd1'bl”
:uthonzrngt-he federal government to guarantee up to $7 billion in loans It"
N3 1:: ngi. It was $3 billion more than sought by Gov. Hugh ('ttrc) “1
showed m.“ l 936 the House Committee vote, an Associated Press PU”
City faces a cmigration armed at avertmg a financial default by Ncw York
Pr ‘.d “n up tll battle in the Senate where there is little likelihood lllill

est cnt Ford 5 expected veto could be overridden.

‘Slel'glliflgtctTShocked by Shake-Up In .Cablnet

the scmo [3e0N (AP) US. Rep. Samuel S. Stratton of New York. one of
u r mocrats on the House Armed Services Committee. Sltltl todu)

he was shocked and troubled" bytheshake-up in the Ford Cabinet. Strntton

I stud he regardsthe ouster ofthe Defense Secretary James R. SChlcsingcr and

$132.2; ....l;;:ycllgc“°§ Assncv 'Dlreclor William Colby as "scttoth

we have 'cvcr had alrly lclhlestnger is one of the greatestsccrcturics ol' [Jclcnsc

Pen‘agon' He ha; dctstntclltgent. He is honest. He is not putsylorlthc

mun" '. one an outstandingjob of selling the Congress and th'
it on the fallacies of weakening our national defense."

ft;:zyc;mplltlns for Federal Loans
with papa.”  (AP) with M Norma"! bare ceremonial desk dccttl'lllt‘ll
nation“ public“ Pens for a televned address. Gov. Hugh Carey has!“ it
guarantees to n ty campaign 3'3"“ ‘“ Bettina support for federal loan
Campaign whicf‘l, NW y°rk C"! iWold ﬁnancial default. The new mcdm
being "up‘miud '; “W399 to dominate much of Carey's time this week. is
advertising blit intelcvmo” W“ David Garth. He put together the
election as l w .0“ “mum” CENY from obscurity to rt landslide

lovernor just a year “0'

#d-

NOVEMBER 4, 1975

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

  

The New York Public Interest

" ammo Group;~ Inc. (NYPIRG)
'called on state. legislatures last

“I’rl walk a mile. . . "

 

     

Academians

Worry Over

The Costs of Grade Inflation

by The College Press Service

There‘s more than one kind of in-
llation that college administrators
are complaining about. Grade inﬂa-
tion has drawn the criticism of ad-
ministrators throughout the country
who are beginning to question how
many students deserve the grades
tltcy get.

As evidence. they point to
Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT)
scorcs lor college-bound seniors
which are falling to new lows at the
some time tltttt grade point ttvcrttgcs
lll‘t.‘ climbing.

At the University of Oklahoma.
where the ttvcrttgc grade in one
college is n 3.0. Dcrtn l’ttigc Mul-
liollcn srtid rcccntly than people hir-
ing graduates "are goittg to begin to
wonder. if everybody wcttrrn out has
at high grttdc point but some oftltcm
aren't very capable. 'l‘hcy‘rc going to
strtrt risking us. ‘Wuit rt minute. what
ttrc you doing for us‘?“

The dean of the school of educa-
tion at Arizona State Univcrsity was
ttlttrmcd enough by the high grades
doled out in the school to put a cell-
ing on the number of A‘s or B‘s
uwrtrdcd cttclt quarter.

More than 85% of the school‘s
students received A‘s or B‘s in fall
quarter last year. according to a sur—
vcy. i‘ll‘litl grttdcs won‘t be ubletoex-
cccd a 3.0 average for all un-
dct'grttduatc students under the new
system. '

'l'hc problctn is hardly confined to
Ari/otut and Oklahoma. A study of
I97 institutions condttctcd by rt
rcscttrchcr Ill Michigan State Un-
iversity showed that since I960. the
average grade cttr'ncd had risen by
about one half of ti grade.

As it result. nccordingtothc dean‘s
student assistant at Johns Hopkins
University. “it is increasingly dif-
ficult to distinguish mediocre
sludcnts front the truly outstanding
ones." l'ltc assistant claimed that if

high heel.

ll‘l ilOCK

goon; SHOEst

MERCHANTS T0 GENERATIONS

Bench-crafted and handilnished by
skilled artisans for over 100 years.

 ‘VOUNG SHOES. odds still another to the largest collection
3 of FRYE BOOTS in the countryl Our Driftwood Boot, it is
5 brass pegged and fitted by hand. The platform sole is of

solid oak-bend leather to match the new stocked 2V4 ittch

Available in Hand Stained Brown, Natural ollod, An-
thuod wallnut, and Burnt chestnut.

the trcttd is unchecked. grades will
no longer be a valid measurement of
achievement and “the mainstay of
the educational system will in fact be
perverted.“

‘ Administrators doubt that grades
are going up because students are
getting smarter. They point to SAT
scores which show that. if anything.
the opposite is true.

SAT scores released this full show-
cd that on an BOO-point scale. the
average score has dropped 44 points
since I963. Scores on the Math sec-
tiott of the test have dipped 30 points
over tltc some period.

The SA'l‘s are a “standardized
measure of developed reasoning

abilities important in college
courses.“ ttccording to their
designers.

In Oklahoma. Mulhollcnsaid that
there are it number of reasons wlty
grrtdcs httvc edged upward over the
years.

"Some think it has grown out of
the Vietnam wr’tr.thut thcrcttrc sotne
faculty who Were unwilling to give
bud grttdcs that might lead to people
getting drafted." he said.

He added that there are others
“who think secondary education is
better than it has ever been before. or
that television has crcrttcd tr ‘supcr-
gcnertttion."l‘hcrc ttrc a lot of
suggested reasons but I don't think
anybody has much dtttu to support
any of them." he said.

Otltcr administrators blame the
economy. The need to kccp enroll-
mcnt up dttring hard cconomictitncs
may hrtvc lcd instrttctors to give
higher grades to keep students ttt
their schools.

At the University of Wisconsin in
Milwaukee. administrators claimed
that policies allowing students to
drop classes they are doing poorly in
may be part ofthe reason for grade
averages that have risen from 2.6 to
2.8 there between I969 and I975.

0F BOOT BUFFS

FOR Pl€ll ‘3 WONCN

 

Wednesday “to pass. legislation to
decriminalize possession of small
quantities of marijuana."

Ross Testiﬁes

“The present policy of marijuana
law enforcement makes no sense."
said the director of NYPIRG.
Donald Ross. while testifying in
Syracuse before the State Senate'
Codes .Committee.“Thousands of
hours of police time and more than
40 million dollars annually are spent
enforcing New York‘s marijuana
laws." said Ross. “While police are
busy with the paperwork surroun-
ding the arrest of some I7-year—old
caught with rt single joing. the mob
goes merrily on its way peddling

and“.

Asslstont dlractor of food services Pet

 0t ’

NYPIRG argued that every major
study from the Indian Hemp Drugs
Commission Report completed in
IBM to the 4-million-dollar I972
report of the National Commission
on Marijuana and Drug Abuse sup-
ported the propositions that mari-
juana use is “not addicting. does not
lead to harder drug use and has no'
significant adverse health impact on
users."

Robert Voorhis, a NYPIRG
spokesperson articulated the
research groups‘s position. “NYP-
IRG favors decriminalizing posses-
sion of two ounces or less of mari-
juana and charging the legal deﬁni-
tion of ‘sale‘ to exclude those who are
not actually engaged in drugtrafl‘ic.“

Accordingto Voorhis. the present
legal definition of sale is not limited

' .r't,;n'

  

to monasry transactions or ett- 
changes for value. but includes‘all ,3
transfers including binding ‘a maria “
juana cigarette from one person to
another at a party.

NYPIRG also presented evidence
demonstrating that “the overwhelm-
ing majority of those arrested for
marijuana offenses are 2t years old
or younger. said Ross. “More than
33 percent of those arrested were un-
der l8 years old.“

“Governor Hugh Carey and the
State Assembly are ready to change
New York‘s marijuana law.” accor-
ding to Ross. “lfthe Senate will take
action. there can be reform next
year.“ '

NYPIRG is a non-partisan
research and advocacy organization
supportedand directed by New York
State university students.

  
    

or E. Haley has come up wlth a proposal to appease students

who are dlssstlstled wlth brunch hours. Aceordlngtot-latsy. It Is now upto studentsto act upon tt.

Students Fight the Brunch Crunch

by Amy S. Cohen

Concerned students have brotrght
their dissatisfaction with Sunday
brunch hours to Peter E. Haley.
assistant dircctor of food service. At
prcscnt. brurtch is scrvcd from I I w
12:30 httt it scents thttt some
students would like to see tltc hours
extended. l’ctcr Haley explained
that these hours were chosen by
students in the past. but also conced-
cd that students' needs do change.

It scents that I-‘.S.A. is ttlrcttdy
working on the issue of brunch
hours. Httlcy strttcs the major
problems certain to result from cx-
tcttsion of brunch hours are
budgetary and morale. Haley feels
that it brunch were extended there
wouldn‘t be enough time for dinner
preparation ttttlcss additional part

time Itclp was employed. This would
result in an increase of I:.S.A.'s
bttdgcl. Longer shifts would also
create a morale problem. especially
on tr wcckcnd tncal. Dcspilc these
and other concerns. Httlcy bus in-
ititttcd discussion of it compromise til
the liood Scrvicc Advisory Corri-
mittcc‘s meetings.

Ilttsicttlly lltc plan would work in
the following manner: Indittn and
Colonial Quad would opcrrttc . on
one schedule. Dutch and Sttttc on
another. ()trc set of quads would
mllllllllllllllL' hours rtsthcy exist now.
brunch lrotn | I 12:30. dinncrlrom
4 5:30. the othcrtwoquttds would
shift all their meals to one hour later
so that hrttnclt would be scrvcd from
l2 I:3tl. dinner from 5 6:30. The
result would be tt brunch running

 

Till NOVEMBER 7th

Mountain Productions Presents
in Concert

BONNIE NAITT

AND EPEEIAI. GUEST

TOM WAITS

PALACE TEEATIIE

 

front ll~-~I:J(). and dinner running
from 4~~6z3ll With this system in
opcrrttton no one would have to
work longer shifts rtnd there would
be no nccd for additional workers.
The system is not however.
wrthout Its dillicultics. Ihc major
problem exists on thc downtown
campus when: there is only one din-
ing ttrctt bctwccn Aldcn and Water-
bury. but pcr’lutps something can be
norde out with llrubrtchcr Hall.
Ihc othcr problctn is students
thctnsclvcs. According to Ilttlcy.
"lltts Is a system where students
must sacrifice for other students."
I his is because people must cithcrat-
tcnd Sunday meals on their own
quad when meals are being served.
or walk over to tr neigltboringquad.
Students can voice their approval
or disapproval of this plan by con-
tttcttng it rncmbcr of their food com-
mittee which is a pan of individual
quttd boards. Hulcy says that lte has
I' proposed this system but ttowit is up
.to students to put it into effect.

 

for a Ski Vacation loln the Sunyl
5th Jan. 4-14, 1916

Scltrotts. Austrin $449

Inc: Atrfarc. 9 ground translers. lst
class hotel with private bath. 2 meals
at day. pool and sauna. travel bags.
plilllCS. all taxes and tips...

Phy. Ed. scadsmlc credit

 

 

 

 -unllmlted sktlng for 533
’ ContacNohn Morgan
“ Tickets Available at: “74"”
JUST A SONG and the Palace Theatre -lolnlnthe bestolskltours
159 CENTRAL avenue
. Frye Bootmuketsslmo tees... OPEN svssv EVENING rtttvrM 436-1015    h 
me your BANKAMERICARD or MASTERCHARGE was; . _
PAGE THREE

 

NOVEMBER 4, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

   
  
 

 

