 

«MWVM;~W.—NM.N,W~ y. .. . ,.

 

"'Vi‘iecot ' f 

f’lniritesfyOU to anevening of unlimited, unrivaled fun and enioyment»
Featuring‘ﬁrfreotra’WSUA’s Duh, Terence ‘DC’ Harps
V Also $50 in dance prizes

' Yes all this happens Saturday Feb. 22 in CC Ballroom

From 9 - 2. pm

Cash Bar serving Beer, Wine, Liquor Munchies
5.30 5.30 $.75

inflated admission SLOO w/tax S l.25'w/o tax

Please bring tax card and proof advanced tickets
may be purchased in Campus Center game room M- F to - 3

Do come out ’, help us get down & “Pick up the pieces”
Hosts: Dan Wood, Julian Riley, AI T, Bo Beller., Rick Sobilia, Robert Gier, -

Ed William, Patrick “Starman”, Rheedom eddie Diaz, Sieve Klein

This event Is sponsored in coniunction with the "Friends" organization,
The SUN YA Nite Club 8 Discotheque and with your student tax

/imrlcrl by .l'llli/l'lil u.\'.l'llt‘flllfl)li

The New York State Lgilature‘
controls:
1.) Penalty for a Drug Bust

2.) Legality of on Abortion
after 3 months.

3.) Banning of non-returnable Bottles and Cons
Lou have the power to influence
L _ your Legislature’s decisions.
'iTFind out who your Legislators are
and how they voted on these and other issues.

I/lillill‘il by .tlmlwu il.t'.\‘m'ftllirlli

Contact the PIRG Office-- basement of Senate Hall
at 457 -2446 between 7-10 pm, Monday-Thursday

0R

Stop by the PIRG table this week in the CC Lobby at 10-2,
Wednesday & Thursday.

PlRG-- Our Chance to be Heard

 

 ey in Danette o,

Danettes would give up the ball

h “,3. just one of those games. almost every other time they had it!

with the much taller Potsdam, team And with their small team. very few
penetrating and rebounding almost rebounds resulted.

m will. the Albany State women‘s There’was not much to cheer

I Varsity basketball squaddidn't stand about for the home crowd as Albany

'uch of a chance as they suffered a trailed 29-l2 as the ﬁrst halfeame to

7 59.34 setback Saturday at University a close. Vicki Girko led the Danettes

Gym. The loss left Coach Barbara with four points in what was

. palms depleted crew with a 2-6 log. probably the wor'ncn‘s worst ha" of
»- with three games remaining. the season.

W im only set/unavailable players, The second hit It started Offtt little

- as compared to the l4 on the better for the home team as sue
j Potsdam side. endurance wasa ma- Winthrop laid in an offens'wc

_ jor factor in Albany‘s downfall. it rebound and fed llartlc fora pretty
. began witha Mary Ellen Foleylayup layup to make the game considerable
: -for a quick 2-0 lead. which inciden- closer. But that was to be me closes.
' tally. was the only Danette lead of they would come as I’otsdum‘s

the entire game. The Potsdam offensive rebounding and shooting
women came right back and scored proved too much to handle,
the next ten points in a row from It was 45-22 at the ten minulc
fourdifferent players to tukcan eight mark and thc Danettcs played
point advantage of their own with Potsdam even the rest of the way. It
six minutes gone by. was. however. too late.

Albany then cut the lead to towns The final stttts showed the visitors
Vicki Girko snared a basket off an
offensive rebound and guard Nuncy

ballgnmc. But frotn there. it was all

Potsdam. NEW YORK (Al’) The New
The Albany ione did not seem to York Rangers are hurting but the

slow down the Visitors as they took pain may not butts had as the one in

more than their share of shots and ttee del'ensemttn llrttd I’ttrk‘s left

rebounded like it was going out of knee.

.style. Marry Weisscnd was the main Park was ltohbling on crutches

culprit us site picked up eight of her Mtliltltly and probably \villdo so for
team's 29 halftime points.mostly on another week or so and won‘t be
iayups off offensive rebounds. The back ill action with the National
Danettcs. meanwhile. were having Hockey League club for another
all kindsofproblcms. week or two after that. But the

They had plenty of opportunities Rangers may be tthlc to survive his
to score butjustwurc not hitting. llut absence wttlt ll minimum ol'troublc.
the tumover rule was even more l’atk sul'lercd strained ligaments

devastating. It seemed that the olthe kneehintltcopeningtninuteof

:‘ v 5-5 tic against 'l oronlo after he went
after Maple l.cttl's' rookie Dove
l Williams.

Williams had piled into New York
l goalie (iillcs Villcmurt- and. in the
’ hockey code ol "always protect your

 

,’ . s.A.s.u.

is ’ goalie." it was Park who took the
DRIVE OUR CARS

YOU F”
O C . la Florida, California, and

all cities in the A.
AAACON AUTO

it's allot us. it's all the student govts. ‘ TRANSPORT

In the S.U.N.Y. system lolnlng 89 Shaker Road
lorces Inone centralorgnnlzatlon to Terrace Apartment
provide student services and Iob- l Albany, NY.
’bylng power In Albany. 462-7471

limtlt'tl by mule/tr a.l'.itlt‘ftllftlll Must be 18 years old

 

 

 

Albany State Lacrosse Team

Presents:

Thurs. Feb. 20 7,- 15

LC. 7 9:15
$.50 11:00

 

 

CARTOON NIGHT

featuring

Little Rascals
Three Stooges
Pink Panther

-and others

outrcbounding Albnny by a huge
margin and taking considerable
more shots: 86-52. Even though the

shooting ‘peroentagcs were close 3

3l% for Potsdam and 21% for
Albany — the number of shotltnken
proved to be the difference.
Tired

Needless to say. the Danctteswere
playing extremely tired the whole
game. there was not an overabun-
dance of substitutes! But Dorothea
Brown. who missed her third con-
secutivegame. should be back in ac-
tion for the womens‘ next game,
which is about theonly good news of
a frustrating loss. Potsdam‘s Weis-
scnd was the game‘s top scorer with
l2 lallics. followed by Sue Spagnolli
with 9: Sue Winthrop led Albany
with ten. while teammate Wendy
(ittth was right behind with 8. Girko
played another ﬁne game under the
boards as she led both squads with a
game-high total of l9 rebounds.

yBartleswishedatcnfooturforal(l-(t   

step of retribution. slamming full
speed into Williams and battering
him against the boards.

“When leame offthc boards after
throwing the check against the guy
that hit (iilly. I put my foot down
and the ice gave way underneath it. I
felt something snap in my left knee."
l’ark said.

“It appears he‘ll be out at least two
or three weeks.“ said Emile Francis.
the Rangers' coach and general
manager. “The doctor‘s got to fit a
brace for him."

ll'there‘sanythingforlunatcabout
Park's injury. it‘s in the timing. It
happened just as Ron llarris.one of
the Rangers' strong men who can
play either defense or forward. was
returning to action.

Harris. in lact. made his ﬁrst
Madison Square Garden
appearance Sunday night since suf-
fering it fractured ltip last Nov. 23
anti he scored his first goal of the
season.

“I played llarris 05 a forward to
give ltim ice time but he'll deﬁnitely
return to defense with Pink out.“
said Francis.

He‘ll be there ’I‘ucsdtty night when
the Rangers face the Scouts in Kan—
sas City. The Rangers had no im-
mediate plans to bring up any
players from their Providence farm
club for that game.

Free Munchies!

ﬂuttlol by .rIurlt'Itl awn-tartan

W

 

by No. sch , . , ' _ : « ‘
In A.M.I.A. Floor Hodey mien this past Sunday:
DivisionA: .‘ -‘ ‘_~.,. .- V 

BobSnnmnonhedghetu-iekend Hermn Ilenehnddedel’oorthyd. f
“State's Blueleame from behjndtoshoot the Hawks“. The ﬂnwhled l-O ‘
on a ﬁrst period goal by Paul Burglorf before Santoro tied it at 6:26 ofperiod
two. and scored the game winner at 8:56 of the third period.

The Fire burned Something Special 6-2 as Rich Benson‘ecored twice and
picked up an assist. Steve Mellenthien kindled the blnzeat Silliof period one
and Tom Ilheinltudt made it 2-0 at 8:00. Brian Rivcnberg scored for
Something Special at 9:50 of period two, but Panson and Bob Maximadded
three goals to put it away. Paul Nelson scored a late goal forthe Specials.

Nate Salant scored a breakaway goal on a perfect lead feed from Nolan
Altman at 0:40 of the third period to lead Nate's Nanooks post the Cheekiel
H). The game revolved around a battle between the Cheekiee star, Tom
Martin. and Nanookr goalie Jeff Lefkowitz who stopped 28 shots and
amazed the fans with three sparkling saves on close-it shots by Martin.

Larry Becker hit the right post for the Nanooks in the second period. and
several other golden opportunities were missed. particularly by the Cheekies
who out played the Nanooks for most of the game.

The loss drops the Cheekies irtto third place. 3 points behirtd the Nanobks
and I behind State's Blues.

Division B:

In the upset of the season. Pokc‘s Pucks defeated the Whalers 2-l on goals
by Scott Madigan and .lim Berton. Mike Raunhoffcr opened the scoring at
9:0l of period one for the Whalers, but Madigan tied it in the second and
Berton connected at 4:30 of the third to ice it.

In a battle for second place. the Colonists beat “No” 5-4 on an unassisted
Bob l’ape goal at 9:05 of period three. Pope scored the ﬁrst of three goals at

I:42 of the ﬁrst period. but was matched by “No"‘s Curt Luftey 2 minutes
later. Dan Thebcr‘ge put “No” ahead 9seconds into period two. but Pape’ and
Jay Wassennan scored consecutive goals to put the Colonists in front. it was
Luftey again at 5:03 to leave matters tied after two periods of play.

Wasserman found the net for the second time at 3:45 to put the Colonists
up. but Bill Collins tied it 2 minutes later. It was Papc M9105 for the winner.

The BVD‘sjumpod on the Ynks S-l. and moved into it third place tie with
“No” as Dennis Dclisle notched a hat trick and Paul Shallenberger scored
twice. The Yaks‘ lone goal came at 2:07 of the third period (making it a 2-l
game) when Kevin Warkow scored.

8'“) dominated most of their game with the Mother Puckers. but could
manage only a tie. 0-0.

Reminder: no sticks will be padded t0! taped on Sundays. and 24 hours
notice is required to get tape and/or foam.

Division A:
Nales‘s Nanooks
State‘s Blues
Chuckles

The Fire

Hawks

Something Special

Division B:
Whalers
Colonists

“Non

IlV D‘s

Mother l’uckcrs
l’okc‘s l’ucks
S'l'll

Yak s

c—thuuwg
MU‘JNNN——
Cwbmﬁoﬂx

 

CHALLENGE-RENEE] 

Whether you're a young man or a yearly woman,
consider the possibilities:

Search and Rescue
-Morino Pollution Control
-Marilimn kw Enforcement
Oceanography—

Be all 0Meer III the Coast Guard

For more details, talk to your Cont Guard
.npruoototin:
Wednesday. Feb. .19 (10 out-2 on)
Mminutr-tlou Bldg» Placement Dillon

-Monnqnment Experience.
Salary: 89.60010 $14,500
-Poe| Graduate Opportunity
Dom-alto and Foreign Travel

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 18, 1975

lWW'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

page FIFTEEﬁ

 

 

 

