 

2
i
< i
,1,
f
t
i

.“A-‘t‘bﬁiﬁfffv‘M-wts an... . M a

nd . Elmore C.»Patt‘erson.

_ chairman" of Morgan Guaranty.

Isomeatinytigurealmoatiost on

A i  stage 'of' the cavernous
Radio Qty, Music Hall. warned that

default by New York would hurt not
onlythecountry‘s banks. but private
debt structure across the nation.

' He also recalled that Helmut
Schmidt. Chancellor of West Ger-
many. had told President Ford that
default here would have a “domino
effect" on European ﬁnancial
centers.

Bankers Join Forces
Meanwhile. it was learned that
A. W. Clausen. chairman of the [tank

I of America. biggest in the World.

would join with New York's three
most powerful bank chiefs in argu-
ing for federal support for America's
cities.

have mm to appearbsfore a
highly unusual Saturday session of
the Senate Banking Committee Oct.
l8. they said. , . .
New Plan Codng

This is three days after Deputy
Mayor Kenneth Axelson. Carey‘s
ﬁscal watchdog in th Hall. is
scheduled to present a new plan to
restore soundness to New York.

Bankers who have had a look at '

preliminary drafts describe it as
brilliant and likely to have profound
effect on rebuilding investor con-
fidence. ' .

Patterson and Axelson will join
Carey, banker Felix Rohatyn.
chairman of the Municipal
Assistance Corp. and William
Ellinghaus. president of New York
Telephone and ﬁnancial chairman of

.r

than
‘ nevitably
 .Ae‘, I":

‘ ‘ Carey is eitpected toaresstltst the

city's troubles, and the state's in-
volvement inthem. has already cloa-
ed the market for ‘snany state
obligations. Carey will-gotothe eon-
vemion from a meeting of the
Emergency Financial - Control
Board. the state-dominated apncy
now in charge of city spending. after
introduta'ng a stringent austerity
program.

The governor has said it will in-
clude a requirement that the dty cut
$250. million more from this year's
$12 billion budget and has admitted
it will cost “thousands of jobs."
These programs are expected to goa
long way to meet demands by Ford.
Vice President Nelson A.
Rockefeller and Secretary of the
Treasury William Simon that the
city balance its budget and put its

financial house in order before the

federal government makes a move to
help.

Banking sources said "the
momentum now is clearly in favor“
of some federal move after recent
statements by Rockfeller and
Simon.

Leftist Ousrstttas Attack Garrison V
IUINOS Allis. WI! (M'l In I dll'ins coordinated raid, terns.
'guerillaa attacked a provincial army garrison Sunday in an abortive attempt
to steal gull. then tied in a hijacked plane. leaving at least 29 dead by official
count.0overnment troops today combed areas near Rafaela. 290 miles north
of here. where the Montonero guerrillas left the plane after the raid on an
infantry garrison in Formosa, a small provincial capital on the Paraguayan
border 575 miles to the north.

Moynihan Odie Amln Racist Murderer

“strata, unites (AP) Ugandan President Idi Amin said he was
surprised that Daniel P. Moynihan. the US. ambassador to the United
Nations. called him a racist murderer. “President Amin was commended by
everyone he met in the United States. including Jews, because nobody had
ever before told them the truth about Zionist policy.” ofﬁcial Uganda Radio
said. Moynihan made his comment in San Francisco on Friday. denouncing
Amin for proposing the "extinction" of Israel.

Habre Refuses to Free Kidnap Victim

PARIS (AP) After accepting a ransom of some $2.2 million in cash ttnd
supplies. Chad rebel leader Hissen Habre still refuses to free a kidnnpcd
Frenchwoman unless France supplies him with arms. the French government
said today. Xavier Beauchamps. press spokesman for Presidnct Vitlcry
Giscard d'Esiaing‘s. said France “cannot envisage delivering such ttrms
directly or indirectly." He said France was appealing to international
humanitarian organizations to protect Francoise Claustre. while Working
with African states in a new attempt to win her freedom.

Banks Violate Antitrust Laws

WASHINGTON (AP) The Justice Department ﬁled suit Monday charging
thatthe nation's largest bank and biggest insurance company are violating
antitrust laws whereindividuals are servingas directors of both. The suit filed
in federal court in San, Francisco asked that individuals serving on both
boards be forced to resign if they have not already doneso. Prudential issued
a statement disputing the government antitrust contention and saying: “We
believe that it is clearly in the public interest for people with banking

'5 experience to be allowed to serve on the boards of insurance companies.“

US Prestige On Line in Slnel Agreement

WASHINGTON (AP) A former undersecretary of state and a senator stud
today the new Sinai accord. expected to be approved by Congress this week.
is more likely to impede than assist progress toward a ﬁnal peace ugrccmcnt
in the Middle East. George W. Ball, undersecretaryof state in the Kennedy

I and Johnson administrations. told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee
I it had little choice but to recommend approval of the accord bccnusc ol the

Enter the Dragon
Thursday, October 9

LC—18
7:30 and 9:30

many sruosnr mass

.

. . .r'
.
1:”:

'1

heavy investment of US. prestige in Middle East negotiations.

Berrlgan ANOITOO tn Demonstration

EAST HARTFORD. Conn. (AP) Antiwar activist Philip Berrigan was back
in prison today awaiting arraignment for a weekend demonstration in which
the word “death” was spraypainted on military airplanes. He and 2| other
persons were to appear in Common Pleas Court today on charges ohlch
include criminal t'respass. criminal mischief and disorderly conduct. pttllct'
said. The demonstration occurred Saturday at a display of 43 uircrtilt
commemorating the 50th anniversary of Pratt & Whitney. u mtijor dclcnsc
contractor which makes jet engines.

SASU Founder Dies of Injuries

ALBANY. NY. (AP) Raymond Glass, 26. a founder of the Student
Association of the State University. SASU. died Sunday night in Athitn)
Mcdicul Center of injuries he suffered when struck by a our last week. (Nuns.
of Albany. had been admitted Wednesday to the medical center in crllIClli
condition with severe head and internal injuries. While a sludcnl i“
Binghamton State University, Glass helped found SASU. which was
designed to bring togcther student representatives from all campus-cs of thL'
State University of New York system. For the past three years. (ilnss lh'ld
served as legislative director.

GE Accused of Poliutlng Hudson

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) The General Electric Co., accused by the state of
possibly “irreparable” pollution of the Hudson River. said today thnt Inr the
past two or three years it has been discharging a less damaging kind ol
chemical into the river. A GE representative testified at the opening 0‘ "”
Environmental Conservation Department hearing being conducted to
consider a proposed state order to stop GE from discharging cllcmlt‘ﬂ'b
known as PCBs into the Hudson.

Jackson Addresses Union Convention

5*" FRANCISCO (AP) The AFL—CIO. casting about for a Democratic
presidential candidate to support next year. has been warned by Sen. llcnrl’
M. Jackson that the party will lose the 1976 election unless it has orgiinilcd
labor's full support. Jackson was the first of font Democratic scnnlors. it“
presidential possibilities. to address the AFL—CIO‘s national convention
Will’- ThCil itl't’ettrance gives federation leaders the first chance to look
them over and oval uatc the reaction of convention delegates who represent H
million union members. '

Shapp to Appear Before Grand Jury

PITTSBURGH (AP) A federal grand jury resumes its investib‘llio" ‘jf
political corruption in the state this week and Gov. Milton J. Sh"th '5
scheduled to appear Thursday.

OCTOBER 7. 1975

 

It,  Edward Moses

Frank Fioramonti of NORML
(The National Organiiation for the
Reform of Marijuana Laws) spoke
last Thursday at the Campus Center
Ballroom against the existing
penalties for marijuana use. He
brought with him dated public
health films warning of the dangers
of pot. '

Fioramonti claimed the
Rockefeller drug laws. which es-
tablished a minimum penalty for pot
use. are not justified by current
medical evidence. He attacked what
he culled erroneous studies stating
that pot is very harmful. For exam-

.ple. one report‘s subjects. after

smoking grass in lab conditions.
were found to have an unusually
high proportion of brain damage.
"Only after the study was given wide
publicity." said Fioramonti. “did it
come out that many subjects were
heavy LSD and amphetamine
users...and four of them had
previously received severe head in-
jttricsl"

The speaker also questioned the
value ofthc Dr. Heath study. which
documented the deaths of some
rhesus monkeys who had smoked
the equivalent of 200 joints is day.

A the finding of thefgreat m

pot' studies. ‘ which . have iéona ,
nothing wrong with j‘mode'ra'te" pot :

ttsc. . ,  » . .

Fioramonti attackedvthe enforce-
mcnt of the pot laws. which he said
are “prejudiced against the young
and the poor.“ He labelled absurd

the fact that “penalties for posscs- ,
sion ofan ounce are(potentially)the _

same as penalties for grand larceny

and manslaughter.“ He spoke 'of the I 

injustice of "one man who was
caught with it matchbox of mari-

juana. and put in jail for eleven "

years.“ And even if a pot bust results
in nojnil sentence. said Fioramonti.
“what of the lawyer fees. the bail
money. and that late night phone call
to your unknowing parents. who
learn for the first time that you
smoke."
Musicians Dug It

The NORML
stated grass first became popular
early this century. when Mexican
immigrants brought it over the
border with them. Later. people
from the Caribbean spread its use to
New Orleans. where the “blitckjttzz
musicians and the criminal element"
dug it. Thus pot got stuck with it

representative ,

NORML speaker Frantt‘ Fioramonti condemned harsh pot penalties In ateeture here last Thursday.

lower class stigma. and has been
looked down upon ever since.
Fioramonti said that the excuses
for outlawing pot havc changed over
the years. from the “Reefer
Madness” idea of pot causing
murder and debauchery to thc“step-
pingstone thesis" that gross leads in-
evitably to harder drugs.
Fioramonti stressed that. in an age

Survey Shows Library Losses Continue to Rise Here

t'orrliniwtlfrmn page one

makes the books sensitive to an elec-
tric cyc. When the book is checked
out. it scanner of some sort negates
the device. Wltcn ti hook that is not
legally checked out is tttkcn its for its
the door. unnlitrm is set offnnd it for
iletib'S tltc exit locks into pluct'.
obstructing pusstigc tltrough the

door. The system was just im-W

plcmcntcd last month ill For?
iningditlc. and while no statistics are
uvttilitblc yct its to the effectiveness

* 1 tbsp. of honey.
* Shake.

 

L

Recipe #1“

EL
ORADO:

* Add ice to a mixing glass or jelly jar,
depending on your financial situation.

* Pour in 2 oz. of jose CuervoTequila.

it The juice from half a lime.

of: Strain into a cocktail glass or
peanut butter jar, depending on your
financial situation.

and reliability of this method. many
members of the library staff of that
university feel that the system is
more efficient than. having guards.
and well worththctimc. money.und
effort put into making it work.

At Hudson Valley Community
College in 'l‘roy. it similar project is
in operation. The books in the
“library collection are equipped with
it special metallic plate. that. when
not desensitized at the chock-out
desk. sets off itll electronic buzzer

 

 

05E CUERVOETE UILA. 80 PROOF.
lMPORTE‘D AND B TTLED BV 01075. EUBLEIN. lNC-. HARTFORD. CONN.

OCTOBER 7, 1975

and subsequently locks the turnstile
ill the door. cutting off departure
and the cscttpc route. H udson Vttllcy
has been using this system for ubout
three years. It is bclicvcd by the
library workers to be effective in
deterring attempts at taking books
from the library. but it has its faults.
loo.

llol'stru U nivcrsity hits ulso
employed electronic devices and in
addition. has gttttrds on full-time
duty to ensure sccutiry.

With tiny luck. the problem here
will not necessitate usinganyol'thcse

systems. which could turn out to be

quite costly and have drastic
demoralizing effects on the com-
munity spirit here at SUNYA.
Mary Frances Collins. Assis-
tont Director for Bibliographical
Operations in file library. feels that
to be totally effective. any system of
security must basically be an honor
system. Collins bclicvcsthat the
methods available for controlling
books rcmovcd illcgttlly (c.g.
mcittllic plates. buzzers. sensitized
tapes) are effective to an extent. but
if the students are going to rip off
books. they're going to find ways to
do it no matter what is done totry to
prevent it. undthc whole community

where 25 million Americans have
tried pot. the views of men like
Senator James Easttand are
ridiculous. According to Fioramon-
ti. Eastland views marijuana as diet"-
tist conspiracy to turn the USiuto“a
nation ofsemi-zombics." Fiorttmon-
ti‘s NORML "doesn‘t encourage
marijuuntt use" per so. but feels the
time for decriminulization is here.

, m

Personally. Fioramontithinksit‘s up
to the individual to decide whether
to take drugs of any kind. ' ‘V '
After the lecture. theaudience was
treated to several aged.l.» at

ti-marijuana documentaries. ln’one “45
film. pot was shovin to have directly , ,.

-(

cttuscd is shooting. it suicide. and the ,t '4 ,.

committ merit of a miiil driven i nsane“,

Book loss has become a major problem for SUNYA's library.

suffers by it. The library is like it
"scivc" titld its size and urcliitcctruc.
for from lending themselves to tight
security. posc quite a few problems.
Iiccuusc ol'tbctrcmcndoussizc ofthc
book collection. taking a full inven-
tory is often tedious and impractical
work. and replacing missing books is
expensive. As it result..thc supply of
books grows loss and less catch your.
and ii is often difficult to pinpoint
exactly what is lost. even when
replacement is possible and
desirable. It is also citsy to assume a
hook is lost when in actuality it has

 

$35 w/o

 

' TRIPWTO QUEBEC

sponsored by Le Cercle Francais

V $30M

' Friday-Sunday

Oct. 24th-26th
LEAVES ALBANY AT 3:00 pm

Ticketst sold Campus'Center

W

incluc es
round-trip

transportation

 

 

vvvvv

vvvvvvﬁvvv

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

been misplaced ot mis-shclvcd. Ms.
Collins stressed the imporiztncc of
not assuming it book is stolen im-
mediately. but to ask for ussistttncc
in finding the book ill the circulation
desk. This way. the library can get it
better prospective on books that are
actually lost of stolen.

The degree to which books are
tztkcn and the available library
resources are ubuscd could rcsult in
some drastic changes in the near
future. Professor Dttvid Switzer. ol
the Department of Rhetoric and
Communication. fccls strongly that
the library needs to see somcchangcs
in many ways. The iImOUIll ol'thcft.
itbusc. and mutilation of library
resources indicntc that library
privclcgcs should be more con-
trolled. and pcrltitps cvcn limited.
Professor Switrcr feels that ii
recognition of the problem along
with “meaningful responses" to the
circumstances would be helpful. He
believes that any use of mechanical
devices for registering and con-
trolling thc booksshould not be used
except us It last resort.

DRIVE OUR CARS

To Florida, California and all
cities in the USA.
AAACON AUTO
TRANSPORT
~89 Shaker Road
Terrace Apartment
Albany. NY.
462-747)
Must be ll years old" a

PAGE mass.

I
r

 

