by Toni  I , * .

"life", you’ve got a vacation coming to you—don? be so hard on yourself. Listen. I’m

interested only in you... your health. If work'sgemng you down, take a rest—God knows you
. deserve it.“ . ‘ _

“I may take you up on that.’

"Sure, it'll do you good to relax and let the world slip away." -

" Well, I would like to get away for awhile. I‘ll think it over. Let me sleep on it and I‘ll call you
tomorrow."

"A ll right. Goodnight."

"Good night. "

v The clock registered 7:50, meaning that it was actually about 7:40. It was brand new,
displaying a grinning Sol with rigid gold rays emanating in‘alldirections. But when Bill had tried
to set it, pushing in the togglejogged the minute hand ahead. It seemed inherently incapable of
telling the right time so Bill had ﬁnally settled for a ten minute displacement.

He plugged the bath and turned on the faucets. Maybe he would take a vacation. He had one
coming to him after all. He‘d been working hard for a long time—too hard, too long. The ofﬁce
had gotten especially hectic in the last few weeks and now the cumbersome O'Heany account had
crashedin all at once. It would take at least a month and a half to—oh, hell—what‘s the sense of
worrying about it. The office would survive without him for a week. Even if his vacation did
cause a slowdown—the show need not go on. It was all just a sophisticated jugglingact anyway:
the clients had been instructed to applaud or hiss according to well-deﬁned rules and well. the
ofﬁce wouldn‘t fall apart without him. He could use a little recreation; drive up through the
Berkshires and catch a performance at Tanglewood. Let the others continue the juggling for
awhile. .

The water was steaming hot the way he liked it. He let the cold water run for a few minutes
longer than the hot so it formed a slender corridor of warm that he could step into comfortably.
Then he churned the water with his legs, clasped thcedgc of the tub, eased down inch by inch and
slid back until the water lapped round his neck. Steaming hot and peaceful. His lungs felt the
added pressure. How many millions of years ago had the tide receded swiftly from the jungle,
leaving a lungﬁsh flopping in a puddle? Ontogeny recapitulates—what was it? The future
recapitulates the past? Something like that. The same water here as then. Or is that possible?
Docs water when it dissipates to air and joins a cloud and clutters down again retain its won
over Canada and cruised across Lake Ontario to bring its bounty here. Fell 5000 feet into several
hundred acres ofcvcrgreens and seeped into the reservoir. Wits cuked into a weedy mouth of pipe
to pulse for underground to the city. Lubyrinthinc channels under Main Street feeling every sink
in every store-with running hot and cold water. Climbed the hill up Lark to Grossman's
Groceries, Tate's breweryon the corncrund Tubmun‘sGun Shop where a 6-point buck stares out
the window through glass eyes. Leaning on u varnished square of plywood where the buck‘s
shoulders should have been were two rifles, one with a scope and sling. The sunlight glinted off
the glass and'obsciired the insid'c'Bf‘tTiE shop/TIC SlllllWﬂS'hOli orth'uihack and he walked in. ,Qld”
Tubman was leaningugainsutltc coun‘tcrvllipp g a pageiofr ﬂielrloiitltStraum'iind tugging arms“
pipe. He looked up at the stranger, pressed the magazine flat with the palm ofhis hand to prevent
losing his place and asked in il gruff, phlegm-cluttered voicc, "Cllll I help you, son‘!"

“Ah—\vell—l hope so. I‘m interested in buying a pistol."

m, pistols are right here,” Tubman-said. pointing down through the glass countenop, “What
did you have in mind?" . _ , 

Bill. looked. at thhhee collection of revolvers, perplexed at the variety. “I want something
small—to keep the rabbits out of the garden, that's all. A .22.“

“A .22, well I have several .22'ii right here. This here's a..." he pulled out a revolver and set it on
the counter, “this here's a .22. Could be what you're looking for." .

Bill picked it up. it had a long, sleek barrel and an ivory stocktit was uncomfortably heavy.
‘Feels too heavy. id like something smaller."

“You‘ll want a long barrel for accuracy, you know. Those damn rabbits make mighty small
targets.“ Cherryscented smoke coated the words.

“I won't have an trouble hitting them.“

Tubman looked closely at Bill. “No, i guess you won't. They're small but they'll sit right still
while you walk up on ‘em. They‘ll stare at you with their nostrils twitching like thcdevil ‘til you're
nearly on top of ‘em." He placed another pistol on the counter. “This here might be more suited
to your needs.” .

Bill picked it up. It was lighter than the other gun but still felt heavy. It was compact and solid;
the dark bulegray barrel as short asa snout. “This isas light as they come,“ Tubman said. “Finest
snubnose made and priced lower than that Colt l showed you."

“This will do just fine. Give me a box of cartridges with it."

Tubman put the revolver into a cardboard box and slid it into a paper bag with the cartridges.
“That'll be $35 and let me see,“ he said, sliding his ﬁnger over a tax chart taped to the side of the
cast register, “and $2.17 tax.“

Bill reached for the checkbook in his jacket but decided to pay cha. He threw twu twenties on
the counter. “Whut do you grow in your garden?“ Tubman asked, picking up the bills.

“Oh, just it little corn, some tomatoes. strtiwberries——thut sort of thing.“

“I see.“ the gun man said, ringing up the sale.

The telephone rang. Bill bolted awake. splashing water on the linoleum. What the hcll'!Tbc
water was cool and opaque. Hc grabbed a towel and ran to the phone. shivering.

"He/lo?"

"Bill—whirl tlzt- [it'll are you doing?" It was Constance‘s voice, shrill us it blucjtiy.

“I was taking a hutli—-ii'hot'.r the hunter?”

“ Whirl'sllwnmt/cr-what'stlu' matter he asks. What 'i' the matter with YOU? It's nine u'i'lm'k."
He looked up at Sol grinning 9:10. "You‘re an hour late. I though! you might have hurl an
accident or something. “

“No. no—l—uh...l'll be right over." He heard her rcccivcr crush on the orudlc and thc
monotonous hum of electricity take over the line, erasing the connection. “I'llImrightovcr."

Constance wasnll smilcsat the door. Hcr place was familiar: the highccilingcd living room, the
wicher chairs, the lclcvision-sfcrco hidden in ii mahogany console, posing as it Hope chest. thc
multicolored steel bars of the Mondrian prints. the bugcycd tropical fish suspended in the
ticquarium" the red and gold bindings, staring out through the glass door of the bookcase, thc
buattof: Brilthgblld hisebonutifully piiiicllcdhrcpluce in'wh'rel-vthrec plastic-birch logs suf ilmoll g
formal electric flames, retaining their‘whitc bark forever.

To lw mntinnml . . .

 

 

 



1r .2...‘

i from your friend N

More

 

 

. ‘ 2-m*************************alt

HAPPY 2nd BIR THDA Y 2

address *
western“*wscuemnmeumuuuemwn

i
i

 g
iii

Bring in this birthday card with
the information filled in and get
$1. off a $2.99 c.0.

or $.50 off a $1.99 c.o.

Offer good from Fri., March 14 to
Fri., March 21.

Only one so LP per customer.

 

don’t forget!!!
tonight at the palace theatre

“Maggie & Jiggs Out West”

plus selected shorts

 

awesasaeuuo

84 control ave.

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 8A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MARCH 14, 1975

[ten '  “

Was it , Necessary?

To the Editor:

11 is with deep regret that I must inform you
that l um resigning as chairperson and
member of the Budget Committee. l realize
this will place an additional burden on the
Committee and its effectiveness (since six
other membets'iiave already resigned)and that
thisalso places inordinate problems upon you.
Consequently, a rationale for my action is in
order
I have resigned because of the actions of
EOPSA and the subsequent actions of both
the SA President Pat Curran, and Central
Council. The actions on the part of the
membership of EOPSA l fch were highly
reactionary and totally without validity. There
was no reason why the SA office needed to be
inundated with blocks from EOI’SA. There
was no reason why the office had to bc
vundiilited and made into in shambles. There
was no reason why irrationality had to
override rationality. Furthermore, the actions
taken during theCentral Counctlmccting by
EOPSA was reprehensible and totiilly alien to
my conception of morality, fair-play, and
justice.

Let me explain: when EOl’SA stormed into
the SA office, Pat Curran should have either
met with the officers (a function of officers is
to represent, remember!) or called security.
Assuming the former, since the hitter could
quickly csculzitc into fighting, he should have
then cullcdlrtt‘Bimbnum, Jerry Albrecht, and
myself, so wcztll could have been present, since
it directly affects all ofus. Since it wus our
budget iippropriation,.thcrc was no reason not
to call me.

I do not feel that an Emergency Session of
the Council was necessary. There is no reason
why pressure tactics of this sort should be
allowed to succeed. These people (i.c. the
cxccutivcsofEOPSA) could have come to SA
andrcqucstedthat council be presented with
another proposal. Council had no legitimate
right to decide on this budget prior to our
review and recommendation for all budgets;
what they did Monday night is an
unprecedented action, which I feel, must not
be allowed to remain valid. Intimidation of
this sort has no place on campus. Eventually,l
hope, people will realize that it also has no
place in the world.

Returning to Ccntrul Council, apart from
my disagreeing with their even considering the
question, I disagree with the manner in which
they debated and finally voted on that
question. As everyone knows. the fact is that
we must cut budgets, hopefully doing this its
objectively as possible. Central Council.
however, was intimidated and cocrccd into illl
cmolioniil (i.c., non—rational) dcbutc, talking
tihoui philosophical points but never lillllllclill
points. I no 'longcr huvu nny rcspcct lor
Central Council as u lcgislotivc hotly. and lscc
no reason why I should dcul with such it poor
exam for government. 1 fuel thut \\’i'lill tins
allowed to occur rcprcscnts ll lrincsly of
democracy. govcrnmcnt, morality. clc.clc.
etc,. I l'cclJohu Locke, t‘ltI/Wnllltl turn ovci' lll
“Hill gl'ilvcs if they were £l\\'ilft.‘ of uhnt
ll’ilnsph‘cd.

The minority docs not have the right to
intimidate the majority. The majority, in this
We. did not have the moral fiber. or the
Personal conviction, to prevent this
intimidation by the minority.

I‘hc munhundling of" Council proved to Inc

MARCH i4, 1975

that it was a farce,and it proved to me that

those who were incompetent and incapable of
making responsible decisions were, in fact, in
the majority on Council. Finally, perhaps as a
high-point in Monday night‘s Central Council
meeting. 1 objected to the locking and body-
blocking of exits lctiding out of the Assembly

1. Hall. This was an intolerable condition, one
which lfcel should have resulted in the calling

of security, and perhaps, if possible, the
misdemeanorarrests of some of these people.
The fact that we were not allowed out of the
room (for quite some time)duringa ﬁrcularm
perhaps best exemplifies the atmosphere and
conditions that existed that night.

My reason, primarily, for resigning is
because of Council. Their action showed me
the poiiitlcssncss of having student
government. Under different circumstances, I
llgillll would be willing and eager to participate
actively in government. However, this not
being the case. i feel my resignation is in order.
irrational circumvention of my committee
makes my committee ll shum; consequently. l
half-jokingly suggest that Council completely
disrcg. .l the committee lll‘ld that they should
hudgct thc rcmnining 40—odd groups.

Mark (ioldstcin

A True Picture

To the I‘Idiforzt

'lhc cycnts of Monday uftcruoon and
cvcning constitutc a new low in the history of
student government at Albany State. In fact,
they ruisc serious doubts dial the utiivcrsity is
lit to llll\’L' any student government ill it”.

Sunday ziftcrnoon the Budget Committee
met with li()l’SA and recommended to SA
l’rcsidcnt l’iit Ctirrtiii (who was present at the
meeting) that liOl’SA b‘c bttdgclcd $7850 for
thc l975-7o academic year. riithcr lhiui the
337.500 thcy requested. Both those figures
llille‘L‘Ll EUPSA use of any income they
gcnci'iitcd, in ltll)‘ manner thcy chose, in
addition to their nllottcd funds. The bulk of
the cuts \vcrc not cuts ill all, but proposed
diycrstons of thc funds rcqucstcd for concerts
illld spciikcrs into the morc experienced hands
of Concert Board and Spciikcrs Forum. Both
thcsc orguni/utions' constitutions designate
thcm its the sole groups on campus through
which these activities are to bc programmed.
The meeting procccdcd smoothly, hindcrcd
only by liOl’SA l’rcsidcnt Frcddic Stokcliu,
who contributed nothing but insults and
thinly vcilcd thrcutsdircctcd iii the committee,
and SchillCllli)‘ ill SA Controller .lcrry
Albrecht.

lltidgct (fommiiicc is iigroupiippoinlcd by
the SA l'rcsidcnt lo rccoinmcnd a budget to
(‘ciitizilCouncil(subjecttolhciipprovulofthc
SA l’icsitlcnll. We had to distribute it
projcctcd 3.190.000 in student his money
among groups rcqucsting ovcr 3510.000. Any
group tlissartislicd \\ iih their proposed budget
lllil) pctuion the committee for iinothcr
hcuiing oi appeal to CcnlriilCouncilduring
lhcu \t'llctllllt‘tl i'c\ ictr ol thc hudch for final
iziiilimliou. lhc lcgiiimiitc process of
lorniulziiuig uc.\l ycair‘s budch allows room
for changing spccilic iippiopriaiiioiu \\llllt)lll
such ill-.itlnscd. unucccssnry liiiscos as
Monday's.

l|o\\c\ci. l-()I’S/\ chose it more dircci
mclhod of gctluig \\lltll lllc) mulled: iiioh
ociion .v\i iht- “pcocclul” sit-m. during which
malicious and dcsli'ucluc ncts irt-ri'
ctlliltillllttl. lifll’SA mcmbcrs hcitrd I'ui
t'urizin bull hiiiisclf out by discl'cditing lhc
intcgiit) of thc committee. and they
inluntdiitcd CcntriilCouncilChnirpcrsoti Lew
|- 1d lci into culling llll unwnrriinlcd emergency
('cniizil Council meeting to overt l'iirthcr
tlcsiructiou at tile SA office. At the Iiiccling,
l-(ll‘SA cmploycd the unusual lobbying
icchniquc ol blocking the doors until their
dcmzuids ucrc mcl.

Strip nun) ll“ of Slokcliii's
rhcioiic illltl cquhociition, and it“ of thc
llllL'hllL')Ctl cliches li()l’SA is so fond of, and
you lunc iitriicpiciurc of the situation, one in
uluch .i group has cxtortcd funds from our
lcglsiillhc body by employing real and implied
llit'cuh on their personal safety. In vicwol this,
we lch that u more equitable way of
distributing the his money would he to pliicc it

perverse

in the center of the

There is no room for s‘tudentigovernmentat .

Alba'ny or any other place where mob rule is

the order of the day and legislativebodies are

puppetsof these,mobs. Due to this latest

travesty of responsible student government,

We the undersigned feel compelled to resign
from Budget Committee.

Ralph J. Blair

Malcolm Purow, Vice-Chairman

Jerry Albrecht. est-Controller SA

Matt Meyer

Samuel V. DiGovanni

Clear it Up

To the Editor:

Concerning the topic of ii recent weekly
column in the ASP, “Focus,” l have become
aware of the many resources at SUNYA.
Niimcly a constitutional cxpcrt, a lay Noah
Webster, as well its a close personal friend to
Sam Ervin, all in the some person. lconsidcr
the energy that Mr. ’l‘rocgcr must have put
into writing his article to be a total waste, it
would seem that he feels that he can clear up
the ERA matter by telling us that Congress is
wasting it‘s time. Maybe it is. but with the
ERA. 1 see no evidence of it.

l do commend himonhisdcfinition of amend
and the analogy to the twenty-sixth
amendment, although the total logic behind it
was usininc. The fact is, that the era of women
being considered second class and recipients
to only partial rights under the law has passed.
11' I may interpret the fourteenth amendment
in my own way, it says that all states must not
inflict uhy"“mtirc“*legal restraints upon its
citizens. “No state shall make or enforce any
law which shall abridge the "existing"
privilcgcs or immunitics of Citl'LCllS of the
United States“. At present, thirty-four states
and i feel that the fourteenth amendmentjust

podium rind let the various :
y groups ﬁght to the death for it. , ‘ ‘

“indeed” deserve cor ectio » ~ I ,

As. turns his epitome’conceming equality,
inequality may not be tantamount to injustice
but A it certainly does, not solely imply
“competitive” fairness. Equal rights for all,

makes possible the right “to live” just'lilte '  1

anyone else. This may,.and hopefully will,

permeate every aspect of life—which means 1

that men will have to compete “fairly” with
women. If it was already, fact that this
occurrence is prevailing in our society. it
would not be the issue that it is. So, it's quite
possible that Mr. Troeger and others will just
haveto sit back and strain under the enormous
paperwork of amending the constitution,
because it‘s already “come a longway baby."

Ronald Waite

 

 

 

 

 

 

AIR.

 

‘ V H :lllt. ,l, ,,

.p'lfhc Allyn/1y Sittdt’ni-l’rcss‘ reserves“ Iltt' .vol
'igltt In print or edit letters lo the Editor.
Lollcrx should he Iypu-wrillcli llllt/ .iuhtnilti'u
It! ((326 to he t'ligihlt'_/in' ('iill.\'ffl(’l’lllftlll.
Keep llltM't‘ cords and letters mtnitig/hlks.’

 

 

 

“We Demand"

by Ken Wax

 

The precedent has been set. lfyou yell and scream and threaten. you can get special treatment
from Central Council. And if you barricade a few doors, you can get thirty-five thousand

dollars. Its that simple.

Now. you shouldn‘t think it was always like that. Nosirec. there was onceu time when you had
to go through if hudch process. First the group had to go before Budget Cotnmittecand explain
how much they wanted rind for what, penny by penny. Then the students who comprise the
committee made recommendations to the president of Student Association. He could either
accept, reject or modify thcsc recommendations beforc he offered them in his annual budget
recommendations to Ccntrtil Council in April. Then Council had the option of revising any and
all of the budgets. It‘s a prctty sophisticated system,nnd many strident governmentsthroughout
fhc siiilc have used Albiiny's budget process as a model.

But that‘s fill over now. Groups no longer have to wtistc time on till those meetings under the
new systcm. till you have to do to get money is to sit-in til the SA office for it day, intikcii mess of
thc plncc. and yell renl loud. If you do this you‘ll get yourinoncy rand they won‘tcvcn llbk what

you're going to do with it.

Strange things happen to some people when they're yelled at. They get scared. Some of them
gci scut‘cd enough to forch their convictions. They'll complctclv rcvcrsc previous beliefs and say
“give them the moncy so we won't have lln)’ problems." This is how‘thcy uphold the trust they

were given when thcy were elected.

There are variations. “'l‘hcy‘regoing to get the money onywuyl'Or, “Let‘s get this ovcrwith. We
should fight the administration, not other students." But the translation is the same: I‘m scared

to do \Vlllll | believe is right.

An r'tncrgwu-y meeting of Central Council was called Monday night. The 'cmcrgcncy‘ was a
budget that council hiid ncvcr sccn, much less considered. This emergency, which couldn‘t wait
two days until Wednesday‘s regular meeting, was about money that couldn‘t be spent until next
September no matter what. Who would call :in emergency meeting on these grounds? A scored

person. Till: sit-in pcoplc ‘dcmzindcd' if.

The worst thing you Ciln dowhcn fuccd with pressure tactics is to allow them to work. To do so
invites others to try their own pressure tactics. How do you tcll the Camera Club that they have
to follow the usutil procedure ~lludgct Committee, Executive Branch, thcn Council, when
others don‘i'.’ Why should thcywastcthcir time. not too mention risk budget cuts along the route?
if they spcnd thc day in 346 and mess up il few papers, will they too become special and get
whatever they want when they want it‘.’ Why should anyone else care about your rules and
policies if you yourself lll|\’i: so little respect for them?

'l'hcrc‘s only one way to react to mob threats? hut'sto explain that they simply will not work.
"I‘m sorry, but you‘re no more special than iinyonc else.“ No arrogance, no loud screaming, you
should culinly explain the fuel of life to the people who are trying to bully. There's no way you
can give in without inviting everyone else to try strongtirm tactics. So their attempts at coersion
will just bc zi waste of time, you‘ve got your principles and convictions.

[But to do that, nlns, you nch to be willing iostund upforthoseprinciplcsund convictions.

Assuming that you have them.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE NINE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

