 
 
   

«314;:-

«in:

 

m

“lithe annuity running an WW minimum: mmme WWW ttlllmlm‘Lgttl :r

‘Lm'll‘ LT 15'"it':.rt.

WWMATurmmm’rg   Wﬁntlmm (on'ifhc Plutonium (an... ..

it. {1/

 

 

“mﬂnr-ﬁ

   
 

   

max-or are.

trim no meat

. .v T Mmmw‘H -_v._.~».~
T .
a

 

 

_ . yulhtam 'trrri regimens dithsattiidltutrtiioin.

 
 

 

 

    

1.1:; But ttlhc irazall uutlprn'rts am' llmywmiril tithe cram-pitta.
;; dimmullmmllﬁti'.’ lllhr Sitting-Ts tliotr intimation ltutdlt'mri“ . Nb” lfi‘ltl‘llt‘till
V:  ‘1, h . ‘ .4 > . l . ~  w ~ .
 litmteril nominations. tlion mutating an. inner .ti tdtgynreainom'ﬁ raid
‘ humour.
,, Mitigating lit-flame twiernlt iﬁllllkw‘.‘ tithe pure-lithium dlt'il :ur

ioiuistdhtes atmdl Mlllttlttlmg rte) trunniomiic rteztih’im'ies. Elias iii. with

 

in \wdlll’

   

 

ri' animate-ts 'tlittolttllél the .ttliltxraintirﬂ. i'Cll Ell rdlrc rpti
idl‘fﬁllntgluﬂillﬁili rrt llllltrlﬂl momentumititi l.

   

 

ll ti
"1:".0'1lilill‘».bdllﬂliiitlllrl'ltlllfltl'M'
l

 

:mwlhatmtrtti 1th rimpnirtuttt no ’Sili‘yh his iriptazamoin. ll'tit- ant:
commune: with an: \ rtrrtplltci‘l ulnar, illirct. \
:rcrriiirtluiiirr - ll ic’tu- 'ttcltltlilililtliiﬂlt Ilit- =l
strongman .r nllttyrhil‘ unit alti.
:tiric rﬁidiliutull’rg «ed ituuh diurnal-mu».
llai tithe- r .

 

 

 

 

 
 

L
f:
S
:3
g
g
r".
l:—
a
a
F.
L.
E

   
    

  
 

   

. 1" .ltuti albeit: «emitter:le will :mit ' Sill. “has a in - itrn
II'trL-uttlleittt ii. tlfizittltitri titanium-int. :h: will runs an: " i"

   

irrurponutetru minute he .irriri itllltﬂblﬂtg‘ te'liiaituaaciti 'M‘i‘llllﬂl rm}.

   

twltritlti Flier w-zrzrfi.

Entering the 20'lng Century

lllbt' starter. rd
.itk Eilli' .
tribune;
Petra. <it-i- tic-it malnutrition rcti ‘li’ItL'l
additional ‘kllilll’tllElLtw ulli‘L'HII-

armature; reheat .ZtC-

(lullrlt-nititu. schism. li'luirit. with
r) mama. to Plaintiff rprirrirarrracitr «:irl 'rtrttrtoututiu It!» a tiri'r‘t r

 

 

snilci l'W”

   

   

      

    
    

‘ ﬁlm-ifb

 

    

throwing: .r. Ml lt-twdti'titetrtcrut. lf.»'intptlzll:tﬁl 1.0 intern l"
Regardless rtu'l littllﬂl‘ ‘i domain .eitiﬁiutzgm .utryrcmt U inn "than the uteri
Tillie-terror: that-inﬁrm! illcl‘l ruhc ’Snti. . iittuiill titl'l rut"- t

 

     

t me» throw:

   

ifll‘lﬁlliml rreeiticird ll'lﬁlttltrultt‘ toil .tr “room”

far 

   

ﬂtirlll'l. t'gz'i‘issajr edit-Jud and wit/2:4 I.

 

 

teemtylhumsiom rl’LllUlltLllL. adhtllui rdtttp' rueidl giant-teamworkitsdlratritetltinig ﬂit

 ultralight-.ci:rturruiallaiti\.utuninttimin titre-litiiilieiinilytpwmiod'tuibrriwerumer are iliiltldt
 lbuaih “10‘ tarry: tilt: Ilitfitldlﬂlft‘t‘ ritt' New ‘treirll; 81111:. d ttlhct'rtnirrtwv‘t iterator ti =“
a: allurneihi'ltlnrtirt. Tl'ihiia tmﬁulth trenching. lithe lP’momri J L N  l \
1y unwitting tnuudlgrwttdl :itt-i turrrmtutt \wtmﬁlor isl tﬁhﬂt we:

 

do)

 

til ‘Lhztst ittttilmt‘r

i
at.
I

 

[i

 

more to:

r'.\ {57'

 

r..rs report in

 
 

L.,l_\ _|C*ltlilli‘l:“'

ul drugs. grin litttfntlw iriiri

eirrtrtromiet. rr-i1 ritrtllmaid tmtrttrturtri libraries

:iii the

l .

lilting

l‘. ll

‘ ‘  its'iiujtirtotullriktfmlflﬁis iis tithecnyy we lhmirr lftrtoitm  and admit
. From: ll‘ﬂttlllttrm mammaaymeuismumiugiw
W DLini ﬂmmbinitl yttrium mnily/ turn him. Drmiingttlhe guitar lﬁiruc 
lines mud been ignmmull at mm nutritious: ii]: Smamemmtopniiutiiams than amnion.
 how, thus mmatll’l’ﬁr (ﬁlmy tom Militant) ili‘riorrn ttlheSlIJlN‘t”A lhuttigwt titan
‘ , /  tithe llepidtimmtetdmpumad ttlhe wound! lb; trimmingamtll testing ﬂi-‘tltltutllllll. lbw liter
4.: ﬁmum rout rewrir rm liamlh momma tire) author inhumanity uronttmsrmmtl tindlmmitge mm

. . r. . ‘lflltte Generation manually murmured rtllmm i'm liiaeall \ytetur Mimi-77 ttlhe ISilLb'ltlh’
swoon: mian rum ethnic cumming: than: Hay; tram rm'itl'uim dietitians. We rnoxwrairtc “heap tytttiitririi'ﬁwm
h im’fSJIJINhIA (Cairnmull  i'tt wrirtritnlt interim inmdb written \weiite [ﬁbrin i'm llirie ﬁrm mouthing. —
g  Wedntgyuhiau morguturnisraiac mruatmdhed acid idtiptunnnnus ttm‘mmitid. no
g r or .ame  tube ramming, (Demawnuznulh' eniowgiti. cs-ll’tresiitlum llatiruis if.
,{ [Bi-omen“ 5!». adopted armour  imultamg at new naught tdleitiiuirma. llcutiingreizi'h'rrihc Sellout
 Grimmer:- ram lP'lQOmlﬂlL Wiittc ll’irtetiitlum .‘Si'nrmie'in mind imminent; Weatidmit Eiiti'lc'li; rtri

Wlhtutr itartth :tn'c (the-ire ttztrL‘triiol.i and
ill-Z it shtilpittg
. ‘i-Litihttix'l

try .‘Hﬁl “we‘d 3h: tritium will .t‘vultttrmttti:
H title Winitnrititeis lCictntnttxttzt
was tampons tireidlrtt. turridl lille tlb‘ :Hﬂlulht‘ \Mlhtﬂ in tilliid. llilli‘ rttttallcjticmiimi. than. its: lD’til relic-i r'i tr

 
 
  
  

. .r 2
neudbutig. Vibrational 11.. turret:- aurortt'liilrﬂt the array 'Hﬁillili‘ltlllb ‘trtri'e. kztﬁl ~rl ﬁlll'it'” “wt-run“: l""y
irr'tiudlurtus lhtll’l; illitetb skillful llIC‘l‘l :tit' .ti rtrtttittii'ittrt 

diarwmt iLtKIﬁl:tl‘!ll.G-(ilil rtttirilta'grtiztttttu aunt/ilk. trriél lb:- ttill'irlttﬂlk tulle-w

rue-its. trrrrl

 

an rrpttit. ititn zahe'vgtitrtirttltl tailing arty-cairn. to tie i-‘vmritttlr 1. with

I

‘ "with .tttrcit ‘l'll"'t“l
Hilo title 2' h * ii" ‘ ‘r -  " ‘ " ‘ ' V U 
on i.lw . li‘.ttl.tl~ M .tl il|{.l.r .u tend 'Ll'ttlb trio/r at. much rlii'iif»\!‘i‘ttl:"irtt'lt: tit. rr-tittirili‘lr 'Irrrzti

"“"-2Iti

. r
hint

 

.tttertiiatri ttr when: under her: team not: property
t n:- JflLflitltlil ‘ltr the ironic-martinis in m. '

 I in), I . Nil cute-- to: 1’ ‘ z
.. .rnrcry F—wdlsllilﬁl‘niydihlﬁ' taint-rut wt against niur'tittutiu .llitintttll‘i. "in. on:- Mosul-"r ‘t'

 

é.

iturrrirmr its. «mutt

 

 

 
 

‘ -.':i.l‘l illllllYIlt’ItL'ultlIEl!

fruit :iril‘trztir .art it iatef'i H
:rrrtr .‘tlllnllllllilé 2 ..iii rt}

'l‘llt ‘2Ltt non -

     
 

‘. ’lll' .a‘ltr Hf

 

- ml“ lIEO'tIif‘J‘tiiisli‘i "ii'i‘lllllll I"i t‘ll'illllftill i

 

 

 

 

 

2hr traumas Wln‘OiN‘Iﬂl‘
‘ui v-r ‘ '
'. ‘lilli"“ 3‘" r ..ii..uirti«'
JJIIUIUUJEIII’I- iiiromrrrut- -
d'ttttirm , 'r.'r:.i
lit'lll" Li.l.-.ll It. illl'-‘.'.‘ i;i ‘I . i..ii L“ . or
r .ti.i. i'll El't ..
:Iuim titzira .t not tiiir'iot ‘ v i \AI
r r rttoiir
(v.l"l'rl-
H 'l I), ' t I.
L‘l’l‘llltflllllmfr mam-strata H I" I M l ‘I" ‘I IllH ‘
r . i.. .4 . 4‘  furor

lll"l \\ :rr-rr

 

:‘tizn than it tirtntzttttl

: .vttihiﬁa-zrrtir.
rt: ritrtrtl ti taut:- ltd irtrritry ‘l‘lLI‘t nr .i'llilllill‘tr
_ .vtimertiorrrt thr trtrtirri murals lllt‘}. trunn- tor gritp .wtttilr mitt :ttir'ultnutile this: [full wr‘r» rc
mraltrtitn diarrrlh flu Wk. amt iota. ed puma: wall tz-zitrztzrtiz- no intuit-s: .nrurztrtttrntr i U i .

ll'ltititre ML" imitates iii-tinting {HIILIWLHL‘HH no ti: I; lLtitt‘Zl‘ltil .mtrtiicttic utlil 'L'lli'd": t

 
 

 

lumhﬂbh
h. M U
aulﬂ ‘ lbs
whims-ﬂu
db

 
 

 

 

I.

 

   

league's not “liable
trill . H it! tell it Milt
at an. term In tilt in the
dugout and autograph balls
he never hit

 

 

 

 

 

  

“stirrup -::

liiit Womb lltllrglfblfll

 

The GAO vs. NIH

     
  
 

.,.‘. .1. (‘4.
«alialrm

Curio-rt.

 

Accounting ‘C
wirelrtloy :"rttr tit: leztur

it I‘ll} t. "i.

. rC ritryrerii
uri , ,

 
 
 
 
 
  

 

iizr'oirir-rti .
ill: to {Wit and

or ’Jlli' ‘hlfatiittL‘
tho “2:

Cieitliuirairtaatt :I

 

"12"".

yrtii’ltt: ;):

 

hour: that»
to l"'lLlll
HIVL‘"

   

    

ii ii i:
. :ii. illillll'ltiill linl"-Ilit1
tutu sir:
.itirr:t=tt=.t tutti poraritilr ‘tti:

:itir. yard
in Ltit Lari-tar lii

 

 

  
 

'hltintttir ’lli'lltrtiltltlltfl‘l =ltrrt

‘i. l bl up:
“cur ll: tt:lll'.'.'lt£'ll wt
trrngitrcrirrori.

 

Vllllil

   

 

 

' fir".

llttl» ttt‘Il'lli

littlt

 

{liltllll
V‘ tllttzn f‘t’t‘}.n;ll'ﬁ tlL$~‘hi'tt.ri w'tr':
tuti trlttirg l‘tht ' ttit ' .
l‘lt‘lltililllnlulli !

 

 

   

itit‘ ‘l'iltil'JZlK ittia blurring
to it. warning ’tLt.;rui.rtzr'i’
Ht’llli'l llli ll"t!{il2flll illllKlllfl “till till: ltllillilliinlitl

 

 

rratrli trvxttrtiirt" nttirt ‘ttti:li Lttu :‘U’Jlr L‘tt:
icrrratitihiiri '12; tltfttl.

I“.
oil It It? “.lllllr .tlr'ti ill to irritant pt'utztorrriuirt: Ln:
icir'nizi' w-C . J! Intern .‘l l» -
iint.rir:t tr rizutiy t-‘ vrirr range “when:
(it tit (it' not ttat .

  
 

“in: rgi t ’ .- .:‘ .
r t t and ltl.t iii..tiir:..i tti tang: ;rLt'r

    
 

an to
summit
.’.’:tl urtitrtip: 'I'tt: t.ni:ri.nn
gunning vztrrr irci-ilr inllihllhlr ttrJ'l :.ttt l‘ Lullut
llttf‘ t ion: littrl r
lttlll ttrtzrtrlri t rrttttrt:trtt:..

I‘ttztatttit tit;i Ltlttr 1'

   

    

“.1 t: 't‘l‘ti‘U {Illllil‘

 

 

.trt .ri: f..t.hr:i g‘tar:

 

tt'tt. irzrtrtttttttg it Ltit

 

llltllli lllt‘: Ettltlitttllcltﬂillll

tut: ctilititi tit

Willhl ll:

  
 
 
 
   

:lrt 1-!»qu ‘t'.
ll‘t'
[Lilll'lllltilllli ‘.trt.: iti'.

illliillnltill' U

 

till" lll ’.

 

ll! tarot. .lutrzitir.
£f£llll.|l'.l"u'_ttit

l:trlt:rtlltt:'.

    

t rinri. it.

will tillirttutt “...tll’.lt':tllltltll '. ‘lr: l:l‘.t!tt"rl

  

tillllll’llllll Will i‘lliiilill lil'lil-llh
l'u lltt iltll!

Lllll. :lztliuzi
I“ t‘llillr lt‘trtittttltntt
..-.rritrioitr- nut}. :rtictii-ttiiritlli “:rlttr‘.‘trrtrttyh'

\rr'tittttttttr tit

ltiir etrrt lrrgriritttt llltllltrlr union and ll
. ' r- ‘
Llllr tgttltwctiuzt tltitr il.llt"'ul liirytyrutti..' jltit-rmt
'itilti nu: El'lt until that ‘flltll'. rl‘ttt rilitttiiattitlt ’il

 

 

 
  

 

:ttlltltttttltl and ratio llt‘ill tirt

 

tutu tutti

517: it} Rani Reindeer;

 

rat.” rtt‘Zli‘b‘ttlitl.

 
  
   
  

 

     

u't

   

"If:

'v\'a.r: iii: "Liars lztl

 
 

.W‘ 3‘ “H”! {I Lill

 

   

wttrt‘tttitziﬂ Ii" L.

 

I-tr Th:

 

71.11 . “'1 MD: W

    
    
   
  

gmiitt. tttzl
nitrite to retrofit Ln; :irtcwr'r

":‘vzzt at:

 

 

 

.=r't :‘l ":iz'trirzr' . r- -

"t'. Lyc'ziri tr

 

 

thrlt,f . .‘I: it v
r'irrgit‘tnxe vixt L ' .ii; ‘ V"

9. to u

 

.. 1 tl.tr:t.‘: .
ltli ii "rtztr:

 

II‘. (:1.

ltr .wwcr :~r

 

.v'lit'ittt titdi ltrtl.l.t.i!r ii i.

nonunion incl Wheat: r

 

‘C‘Xill ri'li-ar

    

l’MlltLI ll ti
um :ririirritiiu lli tiil. w; on

 

  

 

columns

A Portof the System

by Andy noun-n

I wasn‘t on campus back then. but from what I've heard. student govemmcnts before the
sixties were mainly concerned with providing a social atmosphere on the campus.

With the coming ofthc mid-sixties. the students and their leaders began to develop a sincere
interest in campus government. They attempted to become a recognized arid respected factor in
the campus decision-making process. But as they pushed for a voice. they were either repelled or

ignored.

Frustrated. the students rebelled. They took to the streets. angry at the repressiver forces at
“org. Many important issues were won. bttt botlt sides recognized what was happening to their
campuses; almost cveru issue was it light between the students rind the administrators. There
seemed to be more time spent fighting than there was working and built sides stil'tered.

Somewhere along the line. I think (hope?) administrators crime to realr/c two things. First.
that a lot mire could be accomplished of the stopped fighting with the sttidcnls and begani
working with them. Secondly. I think a lot of them began to think about the legitimacy oftlie
student body and suddenly understood and agreed with what we were saying. Namelv. that
students have probably the most relevant perspecthc ol any group imolyer in a unii'crsitv
community and that students as people have the right to gi\e \UlllL‘ direction to the cdiicatioii

they alone are experiencing.

| now sense that our campus is just starting to mature to a poirit where oirr adinirirstrritiyc
people are realizing that stttdcnts area respectable and intelligent facet of otir school.

this presetttsa great challenge to its. We must be well organized and alcrr.as well as logical
and consistent in our thinking. lti other words. we ltltt\l meet them on their toil and heat them at

their own game.

Some are afraid that when stttdcnt leaders hcgiri dealing with administrators the studentswill
become co-optcd. Well first of all. who says it won‘t be the administrators w ho w ill become co-
opied'.’ I-tithermorc what is meant by the word ‘co-opted"! Does it really mean brainwashed or
does it simply mean being able to see the other side ol art issue"

1 do not plan on being brainwashed. llut I do plari on being reasonable. Yes. I'll deal with
"them" and I‘ll listen to them. I'll alstijirrlgcwhat is said [It tliccoritcxt ol the student pcrspcctryc.
lliat is ntyjob. Also. don‘t forget that til we listen to what l/It‘l are saying then they will listen to
what Ir'r'are saying. Arid tltey will listen. lhcy know \cry well that wcwill otin ride on a twoway
sll’CL'l. and that it is better to ride wrtli tis than against lls,

So as long as the students are treated squarely and wrtli input 1 will t‘tllllltlltL‘ to allow
students to assume a leadership role witlirri the campus goycrrirrig structure. cogur/aiit ol the
darrgcrof being administrative puppets. lit-coming a part oi the st slt'lll dot-s seem to make sense
though. Alter all. it's what \vc‘yc been lighting Ioi all along. rsri‘t ii'

 

'llltll Hull/Halt i.\ the I’I'r'sit/r-Iil o/ Mitt/cur

 

 
     

lit... “Mir”!

1 taunt. to (Lauri

we,

  

 

 

Bookstore Ripoff

 

 

by Jonathon Leifer

I not writing this as a personal note to the
laculty and s in of this cointriunrty III which
we. all ol its. live. work.aiid interact L‘\L'l_\ day
it is w rittcii as a cry arid an appeal. I’lcase strip
bleeding me dry.

Respected gentlemen. there is a recession
on. iii lact it is the worst recession \lllL‘L‘ I‘II.‘
(rctitlcmcn. unemployment attiorig college
students iii the summer months is tery llll-‘ll
and it is dil'licult to get work. You must know
gcrrtlcrtieu that in the midst or this striking
llL'Pl‘esslon wc litt\c the apparent
muttodtctiori oi c\ci t’rsttig
\ainnclson tlocslt'l scctn to understand what is
h‘ll‘l‘L’lllflg. neither does Mr. (ralhraitli. lllL'\
IIN ktiow its ltttppcnutg hill the\ don't know
what to do. Why then gentleman. “in is it you
consistently order tltc most csperisrtc hooks
lull can lay your hands oit lot your studciits'

\Uw. belot'e a watc ol denunciation .irid

prices “I

“ls'htcous indignation sweeps oycr rriy hcad lcl
[th elaborate on that last \l.|lt'lllL’lil I am
“"“"t~' this as lIPL'l'MHtttllltllt‘ to lllt' teat-lung
estate ot this ottrcomitttmrty llcirig that it isa
l‘WMlltttl note. lean only relate ltt\ ]‘\'|\i\ll.l|
“\llcl‘lcltccs. [took an csccllcrit coursi- iltrrrrig
ll” PFC-session this summer \\ lttlc | lt‘.tttlt'tl.t
tillml dealahoutii suhicct ol which lkricw \t‘l\
little. I felt the prices ol the hooks who'll-
combined were. well,out ol lirrc lotlay Inc!”
In the bookstore to see what was to stoic li'i

SUMMER, 1975

inc and wasn't surprised to had that the three
hooks I will need lot two classes will cost me
oi ci 5 ltl fit)

I rcalt/cd that the price of books. like
\'\ ci \ t Iirtig else is going uptirid their is precious
Irttlcarryoric can do to stop it. lauiask‘irigyoti
to bcittillcawaic ol the l iriaitcial limitations of
\our sltrdctits

\losi oi \iitr hay c to work tor a liyriig. It is
notorious how underpaid college pt'olcssors
\otr lllll\l be aware ol how hard it is to

.||L'
|\IL‘\L'lll L'L'tllltlllllC L'I'ISIh.

llldky' crids rriccl III the
tower" is a grossly exaggerated

lllL' "ion\
I can‘t bclrcve

plicrioiricna ol tiuryctsity lllt‘.
that you are so lzii i'cntrwcd lront the people
\rill work with t-iciytlay that you don‘t know
or don‘t tart- .rhotrt their riiorrctaiy problems.

I lie prolcssois in this school get sent hooks
trorri publishers regularly asadicilrseincitt lor
t)ti any one subject there are
lriitidrctls ol good books liotii w hich to chose.
l.rtri not s.r\iug that quality be sacttliccd lot'
the sake o| .r brick. btit being rttorc sclcclnc.
irii t-sirgatirrg ililIeIi-rtt publishers or dillci'cul

lllt'll product

hooks might not only sate your students
inoricy hut irirgltl rntikc lot a better course.
It is too late tor the summer. what‘s done is
but “if tall scmcsrci rscorituig. (inc this
some tliotrglrt \\ c arc all members ol this
orrrit-rsrti L'tlltllllllllll\ loi bettcrot \voisewc
and work llL'lL'. llcotild he easier if

done.

li.r\cto Inc
we all worked together.

As AmeriCCrn‘

by Ewaltl I. Nyquht

I am sure all of you here today recognize
that education is the key to preparing people
for responsible citizenship. Our governmental
institutions and our educational institutions
have a calculated interdependence that was
btiilt into the American system by the
Founding Fathers. This interdependence is
therefore as old as the Republic itself. But is it
fully appreciated? I suspect not when fewer
than four out of IO eligible voters botherto go
to the polls on election day.as wasthc case last
November. Arid this in the cottntry that has
done tnore than any otherasa matter of public
policy to equalize edttuttional opportunities
for people from all walks of life . . .

We recognize our debt to such early
Amt ' ttt leaders as George Washington.
Benjamin Franklin. John Adams. Thomas

 

"Ifa nation avpccts to he ignorant
mid/Ice. . .it expects whomever
was and never will be."

 

.lel'lcrsott. Alexander Hamilton. .lohuJay and
.latnes Madison for putting aside persottal
interests at persona | sacrifice iii order to create
otri l'cdcral system of gotcruuient. lltit too
lew people reali/e that each of these sewn rticn
also tnadc sigrrilicant contributions to
.'\l'llL‘l'|t.'tIll education iii the bargain.

For example. l'ranklin spearheaded the
lottitding of a college iii Philadelphia which
later hccaiitc the Holy ersin of Pennsylvania.
lliat was quite art accomplishment since
l‘l'tlllkllll grcw tip poor arid had been ablt: to
spend only two years titscltoolasa yotiugstcr.
In his second year. by the way. he llunk'ed
math.

l‘rtlikc the sell-educated Franklin. Adams
graduated from Harvard and taught school
tor a lew years belorc becoming a law. ‘. He
didn't like teaching. however. and apparently
was not tery good at it. In one ol his early
letters. Adams wrote. “I am certain that
keeping this school any lctigtli of time would
make a base weed and igttohlc shrub of the."
And a lor'mer student recalled sortie years Ictcr
that “this trtily great man was ttot one of the
best ol schoolmastcrs . . he kept the school
along by setting one scholar to teach
another." Despite this unhappy experience.
Adams w rote itito the Massachusetts
('oiistittrtioii ol l7b‘lla protisioti rare at that
time requiring the State Legislature to
promote ptiblic education as a way iil
preseriiiig the newly won-fights triid liberties
of the people.

Washington arid Madison joined forces to
try to establiin a national university ill the
nation‘s capitttl so that youny people from
throtighottt the country would have an
opportunity to coriiplctc their cdttcatiott by
acquiring "knowledge iii the principles of
Politics and good Government." as
Washington ptit it. However. Washington. for
all his pi'cstigc.cottld nevci‘gct tltc('ougressto
\oti- the necessary tunds for a national
ttiiitcrstty eveti al tcr hc ptit tip sortie of his own
money to get the institution started.

lloth llaruilton and Joy were among the
early ittciiihcrs of New York‘s Board of
Regents and sun ed on the Regenlscommittee
in |7h7 tlittl made i he first lorinril appeal to the
lcgtslat tire to provide State aid tolocal school
districts. In addition. iii a period of ortr history
when most American political leaders believed
that the Federal government should leave the
financing of education in the hands of state
and local governments only. Hamilton
vigorously advocated Federal support of “the
general interests of learning.“ Today. of
course. llte Congress appropriates billions of
dolliirs for educational programs throughout
the states. So llamilton‘s position ultimately
prevailed. It's just that he was ahead of his
time.

Finally. Jefferson sottght to, establiin a

«

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

“owner-é? '

comprehensive system of education in

Virginia even before the Revolutionary War

had ended. Jefferson believed that every child

in his state should be in a public school for at

least three years at government expense and
that talented youngsters should be entitled to.
continue theit studies without cost to their

families right through college. That was a

pretty radical idea when Jefferson proposed it.

and he died without seeing the complete plan

put into effect. However. Jefferson did found

the University of Virginia-a public

institution—and hoped this achievement

would be remembered by f urturc generations

as no less significant than his drafting of the

Declaration of Independence.

l have listed these accomplishments norm; 8
bit ollbiccntcnnial nostalgia. but rather iii the
hope that each of you would ask a very
important question: Why did these seven
American leaders. as busy s they were getting
it brand-new government on its feet. take the
titiic to champion the ‘tltlSt.‘_ of pttblic
education’.’ You cart bet that education was not
the kind ot'issuethtit got \Vasltington. Adams.
.lclfcr'soll. or Madison elected as President. In
fact. .Icl'lcrson angered many otltcr political
leaders by waging what ltc called his “crusade

 

against ignorance."

(hie reason was the shared cottviction of
these iticii that the democratic Republic they
had lottiidcd simply could not survive \cry'
long unless the people. who were tirade the
source iil all political authority. understood
their rights and responsibilities well enough to
c\creisc them wisely. IIott‘t forget that the
Americanpolitical system de\ ised iii the lXth
century was art unprecedented experiment in
scIl-giwci'nutctit. And the Founding Fathers
knew enough history to rcali/c lllll well that
the past was strewn with examples of nations
"perpetually \ihratrug between the extremes
ol tyranny and anarchy." as llamilton once
w tote. So the key question raised by llaittiltoti
iti lltc lirsl of thc l'i't/t’l‘ll/IAI papers was
quoting him again "w hcthcr societies ol men
are really capable or not of establishing good
gotcrinnerit liont reﬂection and cltoicc. or
whether they are lot cyei destined to depend
lor their political constitutions on accident
and Iorcc."

Perhaps the best answer to llantiltoii's
qtrcstion was giyen. ironically. by one of
Hamilton's principal political opponents.
.lcllct'son. Said .lcllcrson: "It is art tt.\lttlll in
my tniiid that ottr liberty cart nc\er he stile bttt
iii the hands ol the people tltcttiscl\cs.aud that
trio ol the people with a certain degree of
iitstrtictron. lhis it is the business ol the state
to cllcct. arid on a gcncral plan.“

And on another occasroti. .lellersori put the
answer cteti llltll’c hltiiilly arid more
succinctly: "II a nation cspccts to bc ignorant
and free iii a state ot chili/anon. it expects
what iictci was and new er will be.“

With America now tteariiig its 200th
birthday. it is becoming increasingly
lashioitahlc lor' today's political leaders to
extol the goycrnrncntal principles upon which
the Nation was lotrrided and to rimiiid us that
the rcyolutionary spirit triumphed two
centuries ago in timcsjusl as tough as ours. I
only hope that iii their majestic
pronouncements they will also reaffirm tltc
educational principles that are rooted in our
heritage as well.

 

Iz'rrrt/r/ I}. .\'i'qirr.tl. NIX ('oirtrrrisst’ont'r of

I;r/iIt'tI/irilr. llt'ffl't’f't't/ I/Il.\ .\/It't'f'/I In l/It’ [flit/tire
(iir'ls .S'Iiltt' llt'l't’ I't‘.\lt'l‘t/tll‘. .Iflll‘ I.

 

 

   

     
       

.. » -
w— ~ mum's

,.

 
 
  
   

 

  
  
 
       
       
 
   
       
    
 
 
 

 

   

   
    

    
 
  
       
         
   
           
   

      

   

 

i
 r
.

 

          
        
    
       
    

 

   
                  
          
          
   
     

 
       
 

 
   
   
    
     
     
       
   
  
   
 
  
   
  
    
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
      
   
    
    
   
    
  
  
  
 
    
    
   
  
   
     
     
   
   
 
     
     
     
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
   

