well at his, late! [flank

use! in the Campus Center .
One/at the Record. He is

lroorn'tonight. The event is being r '

_ p, I d b the University A native New Yorker.,Plirnpton ‘ also a frequent ' contributor to
Speakers Forum. Admissionrisfree ,was educated at Harvai'dL Cam- Harper's Maurine and Spam "i
With tax cam and fifty cents museum Franklin PierceCollege. ' I. .
without. ' x t‘ i i l I i >

"George Plimpton is fully
qualiﬁed todispel the illusionsabout

~ the easy road to professionalism. In
humility rather than arrogance, he‘

-_has left himself he outmatched in a
' series‘of extraordinary competition
in which he fulﬁlls everyman's ambi-
tion to challenge the champions .”

His most famous exploit was his.
attempt to pose as a rookie for the
Detroit Lions. His experiences were
related in Paper Lion which was to
become his first bestselling book.
His next book. 0a! of My League.
recounts Plimpton‘s experiences"
pitching before a postseason exhibi-
tion game at Yankee Stadium.

From the world of sports Plimp-
ton moved into the arts by signing on
as a pcrcussionistwith the New York
Philharmonic in I968. His month's
apprenticeship with the group in-
cluded a tour of Canada and ended
with Plirnpton‘s debut in Montreal.
His experiences were presented on
the Bell Telephone Hour in a
program entitled “The Secret
Musical Life of George Plimpton.“

While the least known. being
editor of the Paris Review may be
the accomplish merit of which Plimp-

‘0“ is ‘he P'°“d°5" H“ “mm “3' Don't mlastlils amatwr among pros as he eonthusa to masquerade

ﬁrst editor in chief in I953 and has on “n "chum." mm" elm“
been a major force in its develop- '

 

Please Note
Effective February 14, 1975

Personal Second Party
Checks will no longer be

cashed at check cashing

 

 

TELETHON 75 PRESENTS

MARX BROTHERS

.w

LISBON. PORTUGAL (AP) - President Francisco da Costa Gutltcs
, today set April I2 as the date for Portugal‘s ﬁrst free electionsin Sllycttrs,

The president‘s announcement, in ti televised address to the nation. ivcnt

far to dispel doubts that the armed forces who took power in the name or
. democracy last April 25 would keep their promise to hold elections within a
year of their revolution.

The voting by universal suffrageon April l2will be to choose a constituent
assembly to draft a new constitution. I

ADDIS AIABA. ETHIOPIA (AP)- The Ethiopian government has sent
peace feelers toiEritrean rebels in the uprising reported to have inflicted
casualties totaling 4.000 dead. wounded or missing. diplomatic sources said
Monday.

One guerrilla group immediately rejected the overture.

The informants say the proposal was relayed to the Eritrean Liberation
Front - ELF - Sunday because of government concern that 20,000 of its
troops are trapped in Asmara. the provincial capital. Diplomats think lllL'
troops total one-third of the government‘s military might.

WASHINGTON (A P) — Former CIA Director Richard M. Helms tidinils

' he intentionally failed to tell Senate committees ttll lic kticiv about CIA work
_ in Chile and withheld information about the Nixon udininstriition's desire to
have the Marxist government of Salvador Allende overthrown

Helms‘ admission was made in secret testimony last month before lllt‘
Senate Foreign Relations Committee. A censored version of his statements
was released Sunday.

WASHINGTON (AP) - A grotip of congressmen and cnvironnicutnlois
said Mondaythcy arenskiiig the nation‘s radio and television stations for llt"
air time to broadcast advertisementsopposed to developing nuclcurciicigi

Rep. Benjamin Roscnthtil. D-N.Y.. told a news conference that lltc
governmentalonc is spending millions ofdolltirs fora promotional campaign
to build public support for ntorc nuclear energy. btit that there have hccii no
opposing advertisements.

WASHINGTON (AP) - Chairman .lohn C. Stcnnis. l)-Miss.. of the
Senate Armed Services Committee began an inquiry Monday into :t
Pentagon contract with a private corporation to train Saudi Arabian
national guardsmcn protecting oil ﬁelds.

Stennis said he asked Secretary of Defense James Schlesinger for an
explanation after disclosure by The Associated Press on Sunday of a $77-
million Defense Department contract with Vinncll Corp. of Los Angelcs.

Vinnell is recruiting former U.S. Special Forces soldiers and other “‘1”
vcterttns fora LOGO-man force to send to Saudi Arabia.

The Pentagon confirmed the contract.

HOUSTON (Al’)- President Ford rejected suggestions that be case offlus
proposal to cut the nation‘s oil imports by it million barrels a day. and stud
congressional opponents of his plan were proposing "ti very high risk and
reckless gamble.“

In the first of a two-day series of speeches and conferences. Ford told the
Houston Chamber of Commerce Monday that immediate action must lie
taken to insulate the economy against the dtimtigc which would result from a
new oil cnibztrgo.

NEW YORK (AP) - Retail food prices will decline in the second half of the
year because of record produclion. Agrictilttirc Secretary Earl Butz said
Monday.

However. he tiotcd that prices would not decline of a very sharp iatc
because of ltibor management agreements between food processors and
distributors and their cmploycs

The farmer. Butl. said. is not to blame for the high cost of food because he
gets thc smallest pcrccntagc of the consumer dollar.

NEW YORK (AP) - I'lcavyweight champion Muhammad Ali said today
Iic will give his profits from all future lights to groups who help thc llcctl) and
minorities.

“From this figltt on. till my lights will bc free,“ All said at at news conference
to forinaly itnntititicc his title defense against Chuck chitcr March 24 an the
Clcvclantl Coliscutn.

BUFFALO (Al’) - A Nigerian exchange student who admitted passing .1
bttd check for $560 was placed on probation Monday and ordered to put

Boeinfessmen "confer Amid :a

A Gonao “analysis” by  sq“

Meticulously dressed men Vsat
washing down hors d‘oeuvres with
white wine. Obligirig waitresses
scurried about rclillingempty wine
glasses. Pipe tobacco filled the
ballroom as I ate buttered rolls.

The sccncat SUNYA Friday wasa
trade conference. where Albany
businessmen met in the ballroom to
hear Governor Carey address the
luncheon.

Flashing my ASP press pass I was
ushered to a press ttible. I’eg Brccn.
ltn Albany television newscaster. a
UN newsman and an AP reporter.

SA Begins Budgeting

by Edward Moser

On Sunday evening the Budget Committee held an open hearing on the
financing of University organizations and activities for thc schoolycar I975—
l‘)7o. Student apathy dominated the discussion. or lack ofonc. as lessthttn a
dozen people voiced their opinion on how the half million dollars of student
tax money should be spent.

Those who were at the meeting tended to either question or dcfctid the
money requests of certain groups. For example. there was Chris H ubcn. the
Dtitcli Quad Board President. Shc justified an increased rcqucst for Dutch
Quad by saying that the Quads service in sonic way over two-thirds ofthc tin-
dcrgrnduatc population. Ms. lltibcii also mentioned several ofthc concrete
uses of ftiiiding. such as coffee houses and crttft workshops.

Chris Aidun cttuscd a bit of ti stir when he followed an Intcrnationtil
Students Association request to $7.400 by tiskiiig fora NYI’IRG allocation
of 536.000. (’l'he figure is based on it count of $2 per student.) Aidtin claimed
that S.A. funding of NYI'IRG was essential since the idea of direct student
ltiiiding lltltl been knocked down this summer in the courts. He said: “It‘s cx-
pcnsivc to change the worlt .“

Although the Budget Committee influences funding policy. the President
has tltc final say on any plans the Committcc draws tip.

('urrtin staitcd tti the hearing that it grcttlcrcmphttsis sliottld be put on mass
progrziiiiming. which he said affects the whole studcnl body. He suggested
tliztt tIIl-CtllllpllS inmics be made free. In regards to concerts. he thought it
best to spend less money on fewer yct 'higgcr‘ acts.

('ui'rtiii icgrcttcd the fuel that so little tax moncy was spent on off-campus
students liiing tit liotnc. who pity the tax as everyone clsc docs. th hc ad-
mitted that it would be diffictilt to stttge entertainments “in the suburbs" to
reach such people.

(‘urrttn stiitl lltit otit that WSUA should be eliminated if forced to I"Ill on it
A.M. basis. And citing the relatively greater expense of obtaining and run-
tiing zin I‘lM. stutiondclt lukewarm to His continuance of even improved
tlpCI‘ttlltlll. Litter lll lltc mccting. CouncilpersonRick Mccklcr ttrgcd the
Budget Cominittc not to trike it stand on WSIIA until tthouncil completes
its own research oti the matter.

llic Budget Committee will coiitintic for qttitc sortie titnc to contiiittc to
hold hearings on cttch Sunday. From now on the scssions will be closed to
just tl lcw designated groups. Committee Chairperson Mttrk (ioldstciii says
lhttt uninvited people attending the hearings would cause too much confu-

Governor Carey

sltill.

llic question of stipcnds will surely be discussed tit these subsequent
nit-clings. Stipcitds are cash amounts paid to students in order to compensate
for time spent iii extra-curricular activitics.()n Sunday Rick Mccklcr coin-
pltiiiictl about the increasing numbcr of people getting stipends and
suggested that such motic) grunts might be limited to six or seven persons.
such us the S./\. President and Vice-President.

()tlici things Illill might be discussed in the fttturc arc the rights of
orgtini/titions to ttsc tax money to buy refreshments for their meetings. and
the use of funds by athletics.

sat joking. indiffertintly munching

on chopped liver. I sat embarrassed.

In my dungarees. 'What am I doing
here.” I thought. I made small talk
with Assistant Director of Com-
munity Relations Dorothy Lamp-
man.

I stared at Peg Breen. waiting for
her to glance my way. I wanted to tell
her I met her last year when she ad-
dressed my journalism class. She
scemed absorbed in being bored. and
couldn‘t care less about me.

Humbly getting up. I said. “lifch
very uncomfortable ah I-l-I feel out
of place. you know what I mean.“ I
spotted a rescue party of two
students. Dave Lerner. the ASP
Editor-in-Chief and Harvey Kojan.

Nonclialantly. lmosiedovcr to their
table.

Al‘tcr eating my second cntrcc. I
sellch down to cut httkcd fish
topped with some undcscribably

delicious sauce. This is quite a‘ rise in
class from my former days of Ragu
sauce and spaghetti, hamburgers.
and imacaroni and cheese. I
thought. “You‘ve come a long way
baby.“ my exhilarated taste buds
said.

Aside from the two other students
there was; Francis X. Clines of the
New York Times . Carey's press.
secretary Robert Laird. and Jerry
Allan from The Buffalo Evening
Nelt'x. “Francis Clines." I moaned.
“so you‘re the guy that Writes those
boring stories. with those drab leads
that gets buried in the back of the
Titties!"

Allan kept rambling on to Clines.
Clines looked like he was going to
get up and leave. As a matter offact.
I didn‘t see Clines say a word all
al‘temoon. He didn't even make any
noise when he ate.

I couldn‘t help thinking that Peg

eheo

Breen and Francis Clines Ihould get _
married‘ and move away and be'
silently and politely bored with the
rest of the World for the rest or their
lives.

After lunch a very German H.E.
Jens, Otto Krag. the head of the
Delegation of theCommission of the
European Communities spoke. “Vell
the balance ov power is svitching."
he said. “The EEC vants to have very
much better relations vitb her trans-
Atlantic neighbors of New York." I
missed the rest of his speech as I
watched press secretary Laird sleep
and Allart doodle with his pen on the
neat white tableckith. Clines turned.
on his cassette player. folded his
arms. and looked bored. Krag'l
speech was only about ﬁfteen
minutes. When he ﬁnished we jour-
nalists turned to each otherand mur-
mured “Brief.” “Short.” "Great."

Future Pondered at N YPIRG Conference

by Randi Toler

Students from twelve NYI’IRG
(Ncw York Public Interest Research
Group) Schools met at SUNYA this
weekend and discussed NYI'IRti's
future. especially their financial
troubles.

Donald Ross. the cscctitiit: direc-
tor (if NYI’IRG opened llll‘ meeting
on Saturday morning. Ros: Its one
of the original Nader‘s Rtiitlcrs and
he helped to form the Citi/cu Action
(irotip ttntlcr Nttdct. Ross spoke of
tlic li'ustrution which often plagues
contiencious NYI’IRU members.

.\’,Y. is the only state which has
dcccutruli/cd l’l[{(istliroughottt the
suite. Ross cullctl NYI’IRG the
".\.Y. pioneer of mass involvement
ol students." llic Iliii\crsity of Bill-
tttlo hits out: of the largest |’lR(i
groups ill the country.

Workshops of interest to thc
I’|R(i members were held tlll day
Saturday. Dennis Ktiufnntim I'IRG
attorney spoke on public interest
litigation. Kttul'mttn emphasized that
the most difficult aspect of public in«
tcrcst litigation is the establishment
of it "standing to sue." He stressed
that lllt.‘ last resort for reform is the
lcgislttturc. NYI’IR(i litts students
working as lcgislntivc interns and
lobbying at the capitol.

I hrcc films \\ crc shown during the
conlci‘cncc. Iltc lirst film was I.I‘.
Stone's Weekly. ll documentary
about it journalist \\ liosc initiii objec-

 

‘ .  ..  - u- .
  Muitlirints to giiiiuirilioiis ol boot bulls.

Left; Co-cnalrperson of stats-wide NYPIRG Joanne Slalgbt. Right;
Vice-Chairperson of PIRG at SUNYA Chris Aldun. Both were on hand
to discuss NYPIRG's future.

ti\ c was to expose scandals and dis-
lioncsl politicians.

Iwo other films were shown
which warned the NY I’IRG
inctiibcrs ol the dangers of nuclear
energy. Sunday morning at the
NYI’IRU state board meeting the
isstic was raised whether or not
NYI’IRU should lead at campaign
loi' a mottttorittin of the construction
ol nuclcnr cncrgy plants. It was
noted that if the plutonium in the
energy is exposed to the niraii entire
city cotiltl be \t ipcd ottt and tlicttrctt
would iitit bc li\c:ih|c for it half-
iiiillioii )cttrs. Duc to protests lroiti
scict‘ttl potential iiiiclcttr physicists

from R.|’.l. the ttiotioii was tabled so
that more information could be ob-
lttincd.

()nc theme was npparctit
throughout the conference. NYI’-
IRU isdcspcriitcly in need ol'inoncy.
Don Ross urged passing illl ttiiicnd-
incnt which would mnndutc that any
school belonging tti NYI’IRG coit-
tribute two dollars per student per
year. llic anicndiuent.\\liicli \\otlld
sctcr Albany's membership, was
tabled lor lttithcr CtlllhldCI'lllltlll.

Al'tcr at long day of workshops
Snitndtiy lll\ \Yl’lRti mcmltcrstm-
wound in the Dutch ll-I.otitigc with
the help of two itch of beer.

 

buck the money.

Judge John T. Curtitt of U.S. District Court also rccommciided tlint Iiciiic ‘ " , . it demands (to
Daniel Agunbittdc. 25. be permitted to complete his studies at the State ’ skillsriittltixpcticiict-tiiitlltivuudllonliiiulrtiigeitciblolliuiiito
llniversity ttt Buffalo hcl'orcdcportation procecditigsugttinsthimtirc begun. 5”“ m" "w

The judge told Agunbittdc that the bud cheek incident was “not in keeping . "“"‘"‘"" "‘ "‘° F'Y" W'k’lwp' and M" mu "m boo" may
win] your prior rcpuuuion." ‘ i. ' » mtiko Ilio vuiy lute-st, bocuusu they know no other way to

“I fcclyou should httvcthcopportunityto finish yourcductition." the judge I‘ :, more mum Muttuy it not worth uiiylliuig, II will only buy
s‘lid‘ ’ goods that must lat: niutli: You (tit: only ii<li. If you own

ALBANY (Al’) -’l'lie state education commissioner asked the legislature
Monday to ttdd SZBI million to Gov. Ilugh Carey‘s proposed level of state aid
to public schools for the next school ycttr.

Commissioner Ewuld Nyqttist told a joint Senate-Assembly httdgct
Itcitriiig that the proposed increased suite support for elementary and Iiiin
schools is “designed to assure llllll the burden of increasing costs of rtinniiig
schools does not fttll cntircly on local school districts ttiid institution."

ALBANY (AI’) - A suspect was apprehended in the tittic of lltc

Washington Avc. office of llttnkcr‘s 'I'rust curly Monday ttftei‘ four cuiploycs
had been locked iii tl vttult and the biiiik was robbed of about $8.000. policc

..      1  “"id'.
Officers said the iuoticy and it loudctl rifle were recovered froiti the scene.
admission 50¢ LC - 7

It is not llt'll(l to sull soiiiclliiiig gourl Tlio llDKl purl is to Iiiulto
ltsitioii of "‘1' litglitist Didi-i, iiitiii wlimo

tie-qu boots of exceptional oxccllonco.

 

in

.oniotlmirj guorl
. , . .4 , I i W
llOOl MAKkRS A {ﬁhl'rqm
l l ..
' —  $.t.‘.‘l..’........-.”.i.

OMEGAQB-ZZ

for 35mm and '2Vl"a2l/4"
urhl d nth

SINCE llloll
I - Inn-t Enlarging Lam
- Uri-i Enl Ing Lana
I. 1“ - Tint-$10G. Lilli Boards
t ' ' Iu LIIII N atlita can a
for both men A women III the country tot uy H... ‘ .  m."L." "ﬁn". CH“;
cover

W llul|u1nilﬂhitlﬁﬂﬂ l -

We am upon every evening
Illl 9 pin

Wt: liovu. lll stark, this Imucsl [OllVi unit of fryu boots

.s.
hum 'nlmlv

 

 

220 N. Allen St" Allmtiy. NY. 138-0841
B~l State St.. Allutitv. 4634-136
Stuyvesant I'liizu. Allin v. N.Y. 489-5561

ST TE PHOTO SUPPLY CORP.

lMHILlI tittltutl
No one Wits injured.

The suspect. William ll. Moslicr .lr.. 40. of Albany. ti restaurant worker
was charged witlt first-degree robbery and second-degree grand larceny.

l5? Cutiliul Avuiiue
436 l0l5

lttiiitl lttittltotl

 

 

'3‘: USIE YOUR MASTERCHARGE OR BANKAMERICARD

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE THREE

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FEBRUARY 1 1. 1975

 .,   I  . . . FEBRUARY11I1975 ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS

 

 

 

