 

 

editorial/comm”

  v.r-..'.-.‘.r.s.xv,: w r . » _  ,  r _
whe United Statel’ has the capacity to resolve our difﬁculties itthonie without turning our

back on the rest of the world”, .

in a speech at the University of Notre Dame. in which he urged a re]:

isolationu!‘ ."

t

 

i Budget Essence

The recent EOPSA funding controversy has meant the resignation of most of the
Executive Branch Budget Committee, whose responsibility has been to prepare the
budgets of the various SA funded groups for the SA President, Pat Curran, to present
to Central Council. The resignations will cause some difﬁculties with the budgeting
system this year, but the long range effects of the entire situation will probably be good:
‘a better budgeting process.

The essence of the problem is to ﬁnd a group of people who do not look at funding
groups as simply handing out money, but who view the entire philosophy behind those
groups and who are willing to investigate the history, needs, and services provided by
each group. Both this year‘s and last year‘s committees did this, but last year‘s operated
almost as a continuously operating unit and worked longer and harder at it. Last year's
Budget Committee, led by Howie Grossman. virtually lived together for four months
and were in a constant state of budget analysis. The result was one of the finest budgets
to come out of SA. Nothing comparable to the EOPSA incidentoccured.

The job begun this year should be finished by remaining members ofthe committee
and some new ones. Curran may have to look over the budgets more carefully than
may have been necessary because of the change inqnidstream, but it is still quite
possible for Council to be presented with a coherent, sensible and objective set of
budgets without going through an entire review themselves.

Our Place in a Better World?

At Wednesday‘s SA Central Council meeting a proposal to put the question of
funding NYPIRG (New York Public Interest Research Group) on a referendum for
student voters during the April elections will be introduced. SU NYA PI RG, an Albany
State chapter ofthe statewideorgttnization, is presently funded by Student Association
at a level of about $7,000. This is among the top fifteen allocations made by SA, which
include Intercollegiate Sports ($l30,000) and Concert Board ($60,000).

NYPIRG is funded by students at colleges across the state, including Queens
College, RPI, Skidmore, Syracuse University, and Albany. The money is collected at
most ofthese schools as a mandatory refundable fee: you must pay it but you can get it
back. The fee is two dollars per student per semester. NYPIRG uses these funds to pay
for staff salaries. including a number of lawyers and full-time lobbyists, publishing
costs of various reports and pamphlets put out by the support services for student
PIRG members, and rent for offices now located in Buffalo. Syracuse, Albany and
headquartered in New York City.

Since the group is student-controlled it works on student-oriented issues such as
marijuana decriminalization as well as issues that affect all citizens in the state.
NY PIRG is lobbying for a stronger State Consumer Protection Board, has discovered
price-gouging and illegal activites by various businesses, and has earned the respect of

people throughout the state.

SU N'YA PIRG is only temporarily in the statewide group. This school is paying well
below. llS' share of the cost of NYPIRG, and will not remain a member of the
organization unless it can contribute about two dollars per student per , or

million more, we only.“
all we need is a blali "
hearts and minds,

for freedom, a co
disaster, and now it

we don- step them here,

an invasion

M

 

,We must protect our‘ national honor, 
at the end of the tunnel, “i ~ in "9]
about to turn the corner, we're SI.
rescue mission, we're net inv
we're not incursing, we' "
got to prevent a blood b t

suffered severe liisses while ours were moderate, il

Calif ,nia', yevmust end communist terrorism, we must
support;selfdétermination, don't forget the domino
theory/we'lmust honor our commitments, this is not
' I attainc'ursion or interdicting, it's just
an airlift mtssion,_our arms aid is not to continue
the warhbtttjtofsecttre a generation of peace, if we
fail in cautionagand Vietnam, Congress is to blame,
this is a'reco'rding, this is a recording, this is . . .

Peace byway

re,

d e the world sale
o would be a national
ys body count, the enemy

next they will be invading

 

 

 

Focus

Breaking the OPEC Stranglehold

 

about $36,000. NYPIRG‘s existence relies on full funding by each college. Investing
this amount in NYPIRG is a major decision, and the principle behind the proposed
referendum is that it is an important enough issue to be brought to the voters.

Ideally, Student Associationcould be able to present everything to the voters. This
cannot be achieved, but we should attempt to get as close as possible. That N Y PIRG is
a worthwhile organization is rarely questioned; the issue here is whether students are
willing to support tbs orgnnization. PIRGcrs collected 5,000 student signituresa year—
and-a-half ago in their unsuccessful bid to appear as a line on the University bill, and
though this may indicate clearly enough that students want NYPIRG, Council could
justiﬁably ask for a referendum because the concept of NYPIRG differs so greatly
from the other groups on this campus.

 

é

Entrust IN cum . . . . . . . . . . . ,.
Biomass MANAmu . . . . . . . . . . ..
News wiroit . . , . . . . . . . . ..

ASMKIIA‘II. news nitrous.
Asncrs MM'lttlt . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PIODIIC'I’IUN MANAGER . . , . . . . ..
TrcuuttrAi. cotton .

Assm‘iArr TECIINKAI. EDI'ltlllh . .
EoiroxiAt. PAGE mrrou . . . . . . . . . .
Srours cotton. .. . . . . . . , . . ..I!ltthli MAttotN

Assocun sroitts lDthllI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . NATHAN SALAN’I
Ait'rs mimics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ALAN Attitrzv, I’Aui. I'tit,AnAi.i.t,

HILLARY KIEIJIIK‘K
AvtitrtsIM; MANAom . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. LINDA DIL‘thiNl)

Ass-omit: Anvritrismo MANAorit . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ltu. FIJit‘K

('t.Assui:ii Anvrit'rtstmt MANAota _ . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . t . . . . . . . JoANNa ANnitnws

(luAiiiii intros . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. WENDY Aslllilt

l'iti.vtt.w itit'iott . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . LisA itiimno

SiAH Plto‘ltltilul‘llllth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . .. litttt‘ LllillIiS, l3itit' KUlillN

. . . . . . . . . . . .. STEPHEN I)7.tNANKA, Iih'l‘l‘t‘ . ’i

. . . . . . . . . . . . .. BittAN (.‘AiitLi.

. . . . . ..I‘Arittcic Methano-

. . . . . . . .. DoNAi.n Nliblt'lK

. . . . . . . . . . ..I.()IllSh MAith, CAttot. Mcl’utaitsoN

. . . . . . . . . . .. MAitt' WIiIGlilt

()I.'lt III‘I-It'ltS Altli LIII‘A'IIil) IN (‘Atuitus (jtw'ran 326 AND 3.14, ANI)
ttl'lt ‘I tutti-nouns Altli 457-2l9t) AND 457-2194.

WI: Aitlz II‘NI)I:I) ll\’ STIIDBNI' ASSOCIATION

 

 

 

The President of the Shell Oil Company,
Harry Bridges, recently stated: “I would not be
surprised if in I975 OPEC adopts a
prorationing scheme to formally assign each
producing country a Title of production that is
at ccrtttin percentage of capacity...l jtist don‘t
see tiny weakness iii OPEC.“

What is OPEC, this group that suddenly

hits tltc oil consuming notions iti i
stranglehold? It is the Organization of
Petroleum Exporting Countries, sotnc of its
12 members are: Stiudi Arttbiti, Kuwait, lrttn,
Iraq, Libya. The top six OPEC nations have
well over 50% of the total world oil reserves
consisting of 620 billion barrels. All twclvc
cotititrics have more than two-thirds the total
world reserves. The OPEC countries can use
only it small fraction of their oil for
themselves. therefore they provide more than
X596. ol' the oil involved in world trade. From
the standpoint of bcingti cartel they‘re itot tltc
ﬁrst and they won't be the last, if It cone is
considered to bcti monopoly situation wiicrc a
few large sellers dominate the market for ti
product.

Wiltll it comes down to is that Mr. Bridges is
a good I‘ll man for thc cartel. If an oil
company president tells us thttt the oil
producers are invincible what hope do We then
have of breaking their economic full-nelson"

Iznlcr Henry Kissinger, who has two
solutions both of which are based. tou greater
or lesser degree, on conflict theory. First is his

attempt to bring tltc consuming nations
together to sit down and negotiate with
OPEC. Within this plan is the idcit of offering
It floor price for oil. Priccs would not go ht'lull'
ti prescribed amount. If the oil price is now tit
$I l-ti-burrcl Kissinger offers it floor price of $7
or $8. If this form of cconotnic tampering

"‘by David Troeger

doesn‘t work the Secretary of State itI\t.l\\
lcavcs open tbcoption ofusing militant illl't'L‘
Scnd in thc(ilstind takeovcrthcoil ilCItIS. IIL'
qualifies this “gunboat” diplomacy |t_\ nddnnz
the disclaimer that this action (llllill'tH
intervention) would be taken ottly II] the c\cltl
that the industrialized countries
financial collapse. No matter how til\klt'lt'i\
hc originally pill the above thrcut II It;t\ onh
served to brittg the oil L'tlllllll'lL'S t'ImL'I
together. OPEC now secs itself IIS tau-un- .t
common cncmy: tltc constttttittg cotntttm In
general and llcttry Kissinger lll pztrttculnt

The carth will full, bttt not by on UllISltiL'
force. Supply and demand tlicttttc [hill the
cartel will weaken from within. ltccttuw on
prices are higher, industry is trying to tcduu
their need for the commodity uhctctvt
possible. With less oil output and It‘uc‘l otl
stiles the Arabs are experiencing louct
rcvcnucs. The gap between optimum oil
output and present reduced production could
easily forcc countries like LibyaztntlAlgcl'Hl lt‘
break with the other ten or clcvcn tncnthct
nations of OPEC. This would bc iii an effort to
increascdcntand for oil in their own indo Ititltil
countries. The break would be due to the Inc!
that an individual country would be willing to
offer it lowcr barrel price titan tltc ututcd
cttrtcl.

Another factor: higher prices yield lugth
profits for the oil companies. These lugth
profits facilittitcu worldwide expansion ol tlli
exploration lllld production. If tiltcrtnunc
sources for oil can be found ()l’lit“\
monopoly on thcoi| market will be capable of
hung broken In yet another subtle innnuct:

A little ptitiencc tiitd fortitude oit our ptu’l
mu!“ IMP us hear this thing. 'I‘imctind illttl'bCl
plttcc factors are working against ()I’IL‘C.

Ittt't'il

—'President Ford,
Elton of the "new

 

 

 

 

lotto 

' Kreiger Announces

To the Editor:

Having served fortwo years in the executive
branch of Student Association, I believe the
need for straight forwardness exists now more
than ever. After tw0 years of experiencing the
frustration of having one‘s hands tied while
another pulled the strings, and thought and
deliberation on the dcspcrtitcness of the
situation has convinced me to do something I
thought Iwould never do: run for the office of
President of Student Association.

I have been Services Director of Student
Association for most of the time I have been
actch in SA, and us such have been iii a
position to learn a great deal about how SA
works. I feel quite strongly that student tux
ntoncy should be spcnt to have fun. to ptirty,
to meet other people, as well as to provide the
typc of education that isn‘t available in
classrooms. lfccl,tiftcrall the hassles I've been
through, that I can handle it crisis itt n lcvcl-
hetidcd, sane manner. I do not plan. its IIIIS
bcctt done in the past, to surround tnyscll'with
yes—men; rather. my counselors and stuff. its
well its all concerned students. will bc
encouraged to voice their differences of
opinion with me.

Budget Committee scents to be
conservative this your. and with tltc threat of
voluntary tux lootning over our heads. groups
will have to cooperate increasingly iii the
lutttrc. As for otltcr issues. I won‘t make
promises I cannot fulfill. I hope tltc l‘inc
standard of quality sct iip iti tltc past can be
maintained, or better yet improvch upon with
regard to giving the students the most Ior their
money.

It‘s early yet to “come out,“ so neither you
um I may know who the competition is for
some time. Yet I feel it‘s hcalthicrto announce
my candidacy now. I hope this letter has
provoked questions in your mind and that you
will feel free to discuss them with me. lcan’t
make any specific promises of action to yoti.
but I can promise this: that I will tisc my
experience and the resources and powers of
SA President in a commitment to the students
of Albany.

\‘L‘l'y

Kim Krcigcr

The Cover Up

To the Editor:

'I always thought that the ‘S‘ in .-tSI’mcttnt
"Studcnlz" I guess I wits wrong. Ill tltc urttclc
about the bookstore Ill thc March 7 ASP. the
following statement is made: “Now. ottly onc
guttrd, Rosanna Bulljllllllll, works iii the
store." This is an outright Ift’ tuttl sltous the
highest degree of contempt lor ottr
intelligence.

Besides Ms. llcnjtttttitt, ti smiling notttttn
wIto sits by the front door. tltc bookstore
employs till overweight. unshuven. uttkctttpt.
middle-aged man, who, disguised its ti
customer, spies on his fellow Ititttttiti beings,
and frisks them as thcy‘rc lcitving. Wc till knew
that the bookstore was trying to keep ttltcttd ol'
the lintcs- tltc prices they charge are ztlwttys
months tilicud of other stores and non
they‘ve brought us 1984 nine years curly and
to add insult to injury. the ASI’ kott-tows to
thctti ttnd distorts the truth.

Moreover, why should stealing frottt ti
private company effect it person‘s college
records?! challenge tutyonc to come tip with a
reasonable answer to that!

PAGE NINE

 

 

Follett‘s already has a monopoly on
everything they sell on this campus (this is
legally insured by FSA), and they use this to
rip-off their consumers. Now. as this isn‘t
creating large enough proﬁts for them. they
intend to treat everyone as a prospective
criminal and spy on them. So what happened
to f recdom of the press‘! Must the ASPfollow
suit and use its own fascist-style tactics.
namely, distortion of the truth?

I for one atn outraged that what is
supposedly my newspaper, paid for by my tax
dollar, is serving the interests of a private
corporation. Ifotbersagrce with methat ufrce
press is the backbone of democracy, I urge
them to put pressure on the ASI’to cxposuthc
devious ticts perpetrated against the students.
rttthcr than covering and, or apologizing for
them!!!

Tommy Schcrbcnko

Respect for Life

To the Iiditor:

Since it print commitment titilortuntitlcy
prctcntcd lllL' lrotn Ilcill'lllg (ict'ntninc (irccr
ttst neck. I run relying cntircly oti tltc ASI’
coicrngc rind thct'cforc ttitt lltc possibility of
taking licr l‘clllitl‘h’S ottt of context. If so,
discount this reaction, httt if tltc quotes and
context are substantially accurate. I find very
unprofessional hers or anyone clsc's simplistic
treatment of the sensitive and complex
tibortion issue. For example, many people
who cannot bring themselves categorically to
accept abortion are not questioning a
woman‘s rigltt over her own body. That
tipprotich fails to deal with the separate
hcartbcttt that begins between the |81h and
25th dtty. separate electrical brain waves
recorded as curly its 43 days, the placenta,
amniotic sac and cord, all of which bclottg to
the fetus itself, not tltc mother. The fact ofthc
btisic neurological and circulatory hookups so
curly in tltc pregnancy at least lcttd strong
support to tltc theory of continuous
LIL‘\ clopmcnl as it pct'son that hcgitis with the
tIIHSItiIl ol the fcrtili/cd ovum. Despite this
kind of evidence I tun ttot trying to build an
tut-tight case based on physiology ttlonc. bttt
only to suggch tltitt cliches :ircoftcn counter"
protlttctitc.

Rhetoric such ilS "pcoplc most conccrttcd
about the Ictus are those lcttst concerned
about tltc unborn." I fttttl tttcuninglcss ttt best
itnd at worst it cheap shot unworthy of one
whose IIlL‘ISI\CIlCSS httstttctittt so much to thc
\mnictt‘s struggle. And this squaring oil of
tICIL'IltIL‘I'S of thc lctus against defenders of the
mother for \\I'llll purpose? One gets tltc
ttttpt‘csston of ethics bttscd on it nosc cottttt.
rather than oti ctit‘clully tltottglit ottt
rctistinutg. Ms. (itccr's casting oI tltc best
nhoiton iiS “thc lttstcst and most efficient."
while most ideal tticdicully, hits it tone of
cxpcdicncy about it tlittt frightens inc.

I.:itc lttsl ycill' I)t‘. llcrttttrd Nuthunsott, tltc
director of the first and largest lcgitl tibortion
cltntc itt the country, resigned his post because
of what he culls ltis“incrcusittg certainty“ that
he had “in fact presided over 60,000 deaths.“
lit the Nov. 28th issue of tltc A't'u ling/um!
.l’t‘tflt‘flfJUHNUII, NillilllllStlll said, "lhcrc is no
longer serious dotth in my titittd that lttttnatt
lilc exists witltin the womb ftottt the very onset
of pregnancy, despite the fact that tltc nature
of tire intrcntcrinc life has been the subject of
muclt dispute." One might tltink that he would
throw full support to militant tinti-
ttbortionists, htit itt fact ltc criticized both
lllIIlItllII advocates and opponents of abortion
us "sloguncct‘s" who have “piilttri/cd
American rcactions ittto ditttly undertook bttt
tcunciously Itcld positions."

As our, people enter into a period of:
reﬂection over- policy that is so fundamental. .
one was or another. to the soul of a country. let
the self-righteous myopics on both sides
understand that their day is over. The isstteis
too sacred to become replete with inveetives or
vindictive smugness. Let us provide the best
possible atmosphere of mutual respect so that
each will be able to form a conscience on this
matter with which we can live in peace.

Paul Smith
Chapel House

Thanks

The greatest thiinks has to be given to the
members of otir University and local
communities, for their unselfish support and
contributions. lncltidcd iti this consideration
are the many parents ofSUNYA students who
answered our lcttcrs asking for domitions
without delay.

i would also like to thank the stuff of
'l'clcthon ‘75. who dcvotcd ii tremendous
amount of titnc and cffort into the prc-stages
of tltc ttcutiil presentation. all thc wbiIc
knowing and thinking (but ttot too loudly)
that itt spite ofcvcrything. Telethon would go
onus scheduled. My special thanks go to those
much-too-oftcn overlooked pcoplc. tltc
bcltittd the scenes people: to Rob ttnd Renc
who succeeded in keeping my temper and
sanity when I couldn‘t; to Pat and Paul who
kept the sttlgc in tip-top order: to Slit, Joanne.

 

tind llob who tttllycd 'l'clethon's totals: to
“Tommy T“ and Franwho kept the scheduling
delitysdown to it “minimum;“ to Sue and Ed
who did 24 hours of everything possible; to
.locl and Juan Luis “etc.” who kept the
nttntbcr of WSUA personnel to 3: to Ken. for
his cash registry; to (irticc. 'l‘elcthon‘s 'cttll
' 2" and Jim ‘Pcrsonnel', “my man“ at the

(HIT.

‘ . Further think to Denny Elkin '
AMIA" for his hours of time, at . I ‘_ 1 '
encouragement: and to the Student Aetivitiei" . -
Ofﬁce seeret'aires, who had to put up whine.
for the ﬁnslweelis. Congratulations and
thanlts go to Jaclt Finch, Bob Shea and the
rest of the “boys"at the ECC for their great job
of the TV taped segment of the Telethon; and
Bern Rotman for his “relations in the media."
And ﬁnally, my sincere thanlu to the
hundreds of people who compiled the hours of
talent which made Telethon '75 tin
entertainment success aw well as a ﬁnancial
success. If I have forgotten anyone, I beg
forgiveness and understanding. Once again,
thank you. You‘ve Made Someone Happy.

Ernie Sprance
Telethon 75

if  9

Political Precedent

To the Editor:

l'wo precedents have been set by last
Monday‘s (March l0th) EOPSA
demonstration: (I) Arty SA group may now
stage it SII-III to close the SA office and
demand it special session of Ccntrti I Council to
guttruntcc at budget: (2) All SA groups are
cutitlcd to collect their full budget requests for
I975-l97o. and perhaps even more. its EOPSA
will.

I luttc lost all respect lor any budget
cotnmittcc orCouncil member who submits to
this power tttctic no“. bttt \\ Ito dares to take
ottc single pcntty off the budget rcqttcst of any
other SA orguni/ution next month.

.ludy Bialcr
Program Director
.Icwish Students Coalition-Hilch

 

The xl/flrlllll' Slut/PHI I’rro‘t reserves I/lt.‘ sold
'tglu m prim or t'l/fl letters In Iflt‘ Edi/or.
/.t'llt’l'.\ .t/tuu/t/ he trpu-rrri/Icn mul .vuhltti'llt'o
Io ('(‘Jjn Io III‘ eligible/or tmun/armour.
Amt/i l/lruc‘ can/i (lllc/ It'llt’l'n i'ti/ttt'lig/itllr.r.’

 

 

 

Equity, not Equality

by Michael Barker

The past week or so has bcctt ottc of mixed
l’llL'IllI insinuatiotts and misleading
controversies on tltc puff of both SA and
POPSA members. A great deal of fttcts have
bcctt "shelved." tttid as a result. much
speculation has bcctt present. Therefore, what
is needed are some logically sound
explanations to successfully curtail uny
IIll’IIlCI‘ misunderstandittgs.

Io hcgitt \titlt, thc bttdgct cotttmittcc
(whose chairperson was relatively new) had no
cottccptuttli/tition \tlttitsocvcr, itt regard to
policy-milking and hudch ilppl't).\lllllllit)ll.
After it”, the mere fact that the committee
L'\'L‘ll suggested tltc outrageous sum of seven
thousand dollars for IiOPSA‘s I975-lv7o
bttdgct. solidifies such it notion.

EOPSA, as well US the Stttdcnt Association
and Ccntrul Council, are indubititbly aware of
tltc lttct that EOPSA would Itith been iii at
"state of dysfunction" had we been forced or
pcrsuuclcd into accepting Mich on UUIItllldi-‘ill
budch Ihis brings us to the following issue:
“Is the llttdgct (‘ommittcc pcfortnitig its duties
itt it tttiutttcr thtit IS competent and cfficicnt'l“
Or should they (lludget Committee) be
climtnttlcd in order to thwart off future
inctdcnts such as the SA sit-in by sottic of our
members. Mo rcovcr. it would citrttiil iticidcttts
like the one that occurred ltitcron that evening
at the emergency Central Council meeting.

One suggestion. which was made by
IEOI’SA President Freddie Stokclin. would be
to form an ml Itot' cotntnittcc to replace the
present llttdgct Committee. Suchtt committee
would perhaps be comprised ofthe trcttsurcr

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

I'rotn cztch grotip. After all. who is more
qualified to procct the necessary funds for a
groitp and make an honest and precise
:tpproxitttiition for such Iunds'l Certainly ttot
anyone who couldn‘t care less about one
grottp or itnotltcr‘s existence.

Attd while we‘re on tltc siihjcci of group
existence. it is EOPSA‘s opinion. that some
dcl'initc guidelines for budget application III'C
grciitly IlCCdL‘d. It is qttitc distressing for such
productitc groups such its EOPSA. Concert
liottrd. Spcttkcr‘s l‘orum. Fucrztt Latina and
A M IA to hate to idly sit around and twiddle
their thumbs. while a few irrcsponsivc people
dccidc thcir lute. In short. grouptcnure would
he the perfect solution to this pressing
problctu.

EOPSA has been tl positive organization,
catcrittg to the social, political and cultural
needs of minority peoples since I969. This
holds true for this city‘s local residents as well.
However. each year has been one of whimsical

‘ cuts for EOPSA by the Student Association,
and it has only been because of our group's
undying pcrscvcntncc that we have been able
to perform otir intentions.

Finally, if EOPSA was in the wrong for
staging our necessary (at the time)
demonstrations, then it was equally wrong for
SA to plan a muss dctnontrtttion during the
Segregated parking issue (they were planning
to block traffic and sit on top ofcars). Indeed,
we all lutve it hit of forceful maneuvers in us.

Nevertheless. EOPSA is only concerned in
getting what we deserve. In short. we want
equity. not cqutility. " ‘

MARCH 18, 1975

 

 

