._-.\.,,.._ .m —-_ _,.‘


i
l
l-

~ .-

s.

. . . _.,_.-«M.V_N._e- 5—W,M~WWM'

,Wlne’ nd‘

nigh“: Mandéﬁopm,

his .
. rtyt ghtlro’rn 9 p.m. to 1 am. in
e U-lrung All welcomel ; ,_

_ . sv -. .
looking for Christian Fellowship? Albany Evangelical
Christians meet tonight at 7 p.m. in CC 315tor prayer and shot-

ing. Came.and join in God’s love.
' t D

Delta Sigma Rid—Taural the Capital, Fri., meet bewleen SA on

Colonial Ouedis

tths \NEEKEND

P lie hole at beautiful Mohawk Campus, serving thestudbm I

community with 284 acres of rolling hills and wooded land. Just
15 spectacular minutes on the Northwoy oil Exit 8.

Q t C
, it’s week 6 at Albany Great Dane footballl Sat, Oct. 25, it'sthe
Albany Great Danes vs.-the Norwich College Cadets. Join tDoug
lewanda and Craig Sell for all the exciting play by play action,
live, starting at 1:25 p.m. with Al’s Attic, the pro-game show.
Also, John Falcon will e on the field again giving his view at tho
gante. That’s Albany Great Dane Football, on your campus mind-
ed radio station, the Sporty M0—WSUAM
. O Q

Delta Sigma H-Executlvecornmltteo meeting Sun. at 9:30 p.m.;
on the 2nd floor of the DA building. Committee reports and
' appeals will be on the agenda.

, f t t

living proof at the Freeze Dried Coffeehouse, contemporary

lolk. CC Assembly Hall 8:30la 12, Fri. and Sat. $.75 withouttax,

free with tax. Fresh breads, etc., available. Help keepthatcorn-
bread coming! Call 4574735.

Going to Church, but dbn’t kriow hdw to get there? Pineview
Community Church sends a bus to Dutch Quad at 10:40 every
Sun. morning. Fellowship in the Lord with us.

t

i Q
Anyone interested in attending an Orthodox Christian
Fellowship group is urged to attend our meetings on Sundays at
s p.m. in the Campus Center Patroon lounge. For further into call
Terry at 4361535.

I O t
A “Consciousness Symposium" sponsored by Eckankar, the An-
cient Science at Total Awareness,will be 'heldSol. Oct. 25 lrom 1
p.m. until 5 p.m. in Room 315 of the Campus Center. There is an
admission fee of $2.50 per person; $1.00lor students. For further
‘ ’ info call 4561973.
1 0 '

MONDAY

Two new specials on WSU‘ with tree give-away albums. This

Man. join Randy and Finny lor the Album or the Week—Bongo

Fury by Frank Zappa. On Tues. listen to Mike Barr for the Group
of the Week—the Rolling Stones.

. e e e

The Albany County lay Diabetic Association is having its

monthly meeting on Mon. Oct. 27 at 7:30 p.m. in the Cusack

Auditorium, Cusack Memorial Bldg., St. Peters Haspt. New

Scotland Ave., Albany. The Speaker will be Pam Brizsie. R.N.

Diabetic Regional Medical Program: Subject: Diabetis and
Pregnancy.

e e e

There will be an Alumni Quad Board meeting on Man. in the

Aidan Main lounge at 7 p.m.Thlsmeetlng is open to all interested

students. it you want to do something to make Alumni better,
please come to the Quad Board meeting.

An informal group discutiing tlie relel/ance ol the Torah in con-
temporary times meets every Mon. night in a Chumash review of
the Sidra with Rabbi Rubin at 8 p.m. in CC 373.

C O I

.A m at2p.m. Appropriate dress. ' 

I area. Carne collate and staple with us on Tues. Oct. 28 at 8

Mattie-trial. Monday at 3:36

TUESDAY
er'y meeting for anyone interested in at-

be
llciallng A.M.l 4. back ball. The meeting will be held Tues.
‘ 1 Oct. 28,-at 7 p.m. in CC 315.

The AMJJ. Volleyball captain’s meeling is Tues..Oct. 28 at 3:45
' in LC

libertarians meeting ru'scxt‘a p.m. in the PAC Lobby. All

W COMO.

Ski Club meeting Tues. al7:30 p.m. irilC 7. All trips lorthecom-
ing season to be discussed. Everyone welcome. '

Freshman: elections lar dilicer;r will be held Tues. Oct.28 in the
CC Assembly ljlali at 9 p. m. All dues-paying freshmen they run or
vote.

"Production party for Spedkeut lhe feminist journal for thetri‘city
p. m.
at the Women's Center, 3 Lodge Street.

Albany State Archers mbets ale-30 m. In the Women's Aux-
iliary gym on the 2nd floor of the Phys. Ed. Bldg. every Tues. For
inlo call that Dale, 7-5228.

Baha'i Club ol SUNYA—‘inlorritationbnd discussion open to all.
Tuesdays at 7:30 p.m. Room 373 Campus Center.

a

Judo Club meets in the Gym ‘Wreslling Room, Tues. at 7 and

Thurs at 6 p.m. Beginner's class starts at 7:30 p. m. on Thurs. For
inlo call Andy at 7-7705 or Bonnie at 7-7875.

Aninteresting class in Mls.hna, Midroih, Chassidic and Jewish

Philosophy is given every Tues. evening by Rabbi lsraelRubinOl

his home 122 So. Main Ave. 8 p.m. all are welcome. For info call
482-5781.

There will be a meeting.ol'Universil.y Speakers Forum every
Tues. at 7:30 p.m. in the Patroon Lounge. All are welcome.
. I t ﬁ

WEDNESD Y

There will be a meeting of the Jewish Students Coalition-Hillel

Education Committee on Wed. Oct. 29 at 7 p.m. in the Dutch

Quad Flogroom. All are invited to discuss programming larthis
year. For more into call Monica 7-7820.

Attention History Students: There will be a History Coffee

House on Wed. Oct. 29 at 3 p.m. in the Social Science Lo nge SS

388. This will be or "vcellc-nt opportunity to meet the professors.
it. . e ‘ .t-tents will be served.

Albany State Fencing Society.meets. every Wed. at 7:30 p.m.

and Sat. at 10 o.m. tn the Women's Auxiliary Gym (2nd floor

Phys. Ed. Bldg)beginners welcome For info call Mark 7-7987.
h C

Want to get away from it all? The Outing Club meets every
Wed. night at 7:30 in CC 315. We hike, climb, cave, and enjoy
ourselves. Come join us.

Duplicate Bridge Game Ilneets 'Weds.‘ at 7 p. m. Beginner's class
at 6. All welcome. Cash prizes, refreshments. For inlocall Andy at
7-7705.

W.l.R.A. Council meets e'very Wed. dt 7:30 p.m. inlhe Bleeker
2nd Faor Lounge.

THURSDA

Whither Turkey? 5 Turkish students discuss recent elections and
political meaning for Turkey and the world.‘ Presented by Sayles
international House Cultural Committee. Sayles Hall
Ballroom, Thurs. at 7:30 p.m. All invited.
. . Ir

aking , on consurrm

Cdmpus cm" ‘

‘Adverti , hciasslcoloredinksrprintsdon

rd.’Call* baby-734.1 or Inquire at CC 346.

. ' . t: .r V

' fitness andrecreatlenel swim hours: Fitness.
y z p.m- Sunday,9-11”a.m. and 7-8 p.m. Recreational;
Mendo‘ Friday. 0:30 erI set Sun‘ 1-5 p.m., 8-10p.m_
.letllinlr‘ ll Ipo'lttoriltg nil‘lﬂllW, Djﬂlﬂdy Corn guessing
r dame in‘the CC lobbymoe Rf through Oct. 31; Guess the
number of candy corns in‘ arond win 2 tickets to the Dave
. ‘Mesen‘vCencert. Why not tryl?‘

Want to [be a legislative dctivist’l Bo a‘SASU Intern, designed to

i give students practical oxporloncelnthelnchase‘nlield whilelhey

' rocieve credit: For more into contact SASU 109 State Street
Albany. Applications due by November 7. '
C ' 0 ‘ ‘

To all students who have had problems or dilliculties with the
Educational Testing Service, till out the NVHRG survey and
place it in the ETS Complaint Baxesyin the library and in the cc
near Chock cashing. Forms area'vdilable in the NYPIRG Office
(Rm 333) and at the Complalzrt‘t‘lsb‘axe‘s. For further info call 457.

, t t' '3‘ t
. Older and RelurningISluder‘t’ttiover 25): the Drop-ln-Cenier is

now in operation in the Patroon lounge ol the CC every Mon,
and Thurs. ll o.m. to 1 p.m. Conte‘socialize, bring your lunch,
" and have o’cup of coffee.
i

e I . tr
j Graduate school lnterviewi—tar students interested in grad.
‘ school admissions. Sign up lor ap ointment in the Placement at.

lice, Adm. 135. Oct. 23— A alphi Univ. Lawyer Assistant
Program.
Q C t

Camera Club announces an all now photography contest Enter

the State Photo—SUNYA Camera Club Photography Contest;

you just might win a brand new 35mm SLR, or one of the many

other prizes. For details, goto any branch at State Photo, or con
tact one of the allicers of the Camera Club.

a a
Halloween is approaching again. How about welcominng by
getting involved with the 1975 UNlCEFcompoign. All interested
groups and people call Claire 7-4761 or Nancy 7-7951.
C i e

Wanna buy a Pumpkin? Wait a few days—Telethon '76 wlll be
selling pumpkins and candy apples inthe CC Oct. 28m Oct 3|.

W.l.R.A. Volleyball andlraskelball r.oslers are now available.
Captain deadlines are Oct. 29 for basketball and Oct. 30 lar
volleyball. Rosters may be picked up in the CC rm 356
Q C 0

Students and Faculty cometogetherCome to to Carrie Francois

Pal-luck Dtnnor, Tues. Nov. 4 at 7 p.m. Sign up in the Ftr'nch

Dept. or call Viviana 7-7729 glr Fciilh 7-4027. It will be ct French
ost

tr k *
Volunteers are needed at Trinity institution, a youth it'thm
agency in the South end of Albany. We need your help wotkrng
with developmentally disabled preschoolers as well as lor .trls
and crafts, high-school equivalency and other programs. Pluuse
help-and call 449-5155 now!

i
BosketballMaralhon coming hiav. 8:9. 24 hours of fun. Watch
for details. Sponsored by Telethon '76. Applications lot basket-
ball team participants available now at the CC inlo desk
:- s e

Attention Community Service Students Evoluotionsesstom we
going on right now—YOU MUST ATTEND ONE.

. . v - . i e
Community Servrce Registration for Spring '76 will take place
lrorn Nov. 3 to Nov. 7 from 9 o.m. to 4 p.m. between LC 3 and lC
4.

a h tr
ﬁmers are needed forthe SUNYA Men's Swim Team. Anyone
Interested please contact Pamn Leshin at 457-5107
e t. s

Torch: All members of the yearbook writing stall are to contact
us immediately for assignment. Drop by CC 375 or call 7-21 loot
Call Joel at 7-5057.

ﬁr b I
The bibliographers in the University librar have begun a
systematic review olthelibrary collection. in or or toimprove the
overall quality of the collection, they will remove those materials
which have become out-al-date or are no longer needed This
weeding will provide an interim solution to the serious problem of
space within the University Libror . Faculty members will have an
opportunityto reviewthetitles so acted bythe blbliogroplters for
dtscard. The bibliographers will notify the acadutwc
departments when material at interest primarily to that dupml

mom will be available for review.
2

 

8.50 with tax $1.00 w.

 

Blﬂlﬂﬁlﬂﬁi? Willﬁllﬂllliﬂi

with Walter Malhau

WW
-Theaknmmweﬁmmcemxnmnaamnaamsa'

Don Slegel directs this action packed lllm (naturally).

October 24
’ 7:15 and 9:45
lC—7

 

 

PAGE EIGHT,

'ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘ .

 

 

sauuescomlngoutolcubesrpertol

DIGlusto'e exhibit on the llrel ﬂoor at the
art gallery.

by Hillery D. Kelblck _

An arrayof squares, cubes. rcctangularand
parallelogram ﬁgures. Some are set up on
platforms, others are large enough to stand
alone. They are scattered throughout the
room. each standingstark and unadorncd; un-
touched hy any softening inﬂuences. The liv-
ingroom ofsomcone‘s let century home? No.
A conference of all models used inthc study of
solid and plane geometry? Not quite. The
ground ﬂoor exhibit at the SUNYA art gallery
is ﬁlled with t he sculpture of Gerald DiGiusto.

His works consist of square and rectangular
blocks and forms. each piece a mathematical
perfection. The lights in the gallery cast
shadows on the sculptures. Chungingthe locus
of the light creates totally different shadows
on the pieces. Very similar works with
different shadowing takes one different look.

There are sketches on the walls surrounding
DiGiusto's sculptures. Even his sketches take
the light into account. Most are shadowed in
the way that light would ordinarily affect the

 

l.

sculpture.

DiGiusto works with mctels; mostly
stainless steel. zinc. and bronze. They are all
painted in muted yellows. browns, and burnt
oranges. The most interesting and unusual is
the Contra i. II. III. N series. Parallclograrn
and rectangular shapes are placed alongside.
next to and above one another in tall zig lagg-
'ing structures. They appear perfectly balanced
and precise.

This holds true for all the pieces in the ex-
hibit. There is not one curved. ﬂowing edgein
any of the works. They all deserve respect for
their form. precision and clarity. As for evok-
ing any sense of beauty (aside from the beauty
of scientiﬁc efﬁciency). there is none. This is
not to say that DiGuisto‘s work is not creative
and imaginativeAnyonc who appreciates the
cold. harsh beauty of symmetry. regularity
and conformity will certainly rejoice in the ar-
tist's work. Hecxpresscs himselfin the various
conﬁgurations of lines, cubes and rotating
planes. Squares come out of other squares. A
jutting half submerged cube matches-one ex-
actly the some on the adjacent side of the
sculpture. The designs are as balanced as the
towers and buildings in which they rest.

For relief from the symmetry that sur-
rounds and encloses our existence here. the
upstairs of the art gallery is devoted to the
works of Irene Altmanova Frinta.

Impressionism. Up close the brush strokes
look just like that. Blotchcs of color. Greens,
blues and browns sometimes hint of
trccs.Mauvcs. oranges. yellows, and reds
suggest ﬁelds. meadows and ﬂowers. Up close
you can‘t be sure. Take a step back. Perhaps
several steps away from the paintings. They
are all transformed into landscapes and
wilderness more real and suggestivethan even
the clearest. most precise photographs could
ever be.

Lose yourself in the pictures. Against the
soft background music of the gallery.
everything else disappears. Summer National
Farm]. at ﬁrst glance is no more than a
jumbled mass of blurred colors. Movingnway.
the pninting becomes real. Trces emerge.
Perhaps a summer rainstorm hasjust played

.0 r» 't —- uni,”

In»

rats ploture lo pert ol the Alimonove esltlltlt on deploy in the upstairs portion pills. on
getl

ory.

’“nterltty'mneollreneAlt

spdrln’oneMRWoltheM

but nonetheless ls Indeelve at her tlent.

out its fury. leaving in its wakethe thick, wct.
lush. tropical growth of foliage. The forest is
dense and the colored masses are seen. even on
the other side of the gallery. gaining perspec-
tive as the distancefrom the pictureincrcases.

Similar is Blue Green Island. This one is
mo'rc intricate. Again. walking quickly by the
picture all I noticed were the some blurs of
blue and green. Wait. Back up. An island.
Looks uninhibited by any life but that which
grows out of the land. And water. The trees
reﬂect themselves off the water's mirrored
edge. Not as clear as the original image. Just
like any reflection viewed through a natural
shimmering mirror. The reﬂection in the water
isn't as distinct.

Winter Sky is different. Bare. barren trees
Lire clearly and coldly outlined against an
eerie. chilling sky. This is one of the few pic-
tures in which the viewing distance makes little
difference. Imagine a late November day.
when the trees have ﬁnished undressing
themselves of their ﬂamingdying leaves. lm-
agine the wind kicking up right before the
onset of the first snowstorm. Look at the pain-
ting. lt is impossiblctoimagincanythlngclsc.

None of the paintings contnin figures. All
are of natural surroundings. ol'things belong-
ing to the earth and not to humans. Open
fields. meadows. gardens of ﬂowers. corn-
ﬁclds. and mountains make up is large part of
the collection.Color is an important mode of
expression. Skies have never appeared more
brilliant (Alpine Meadow) nor more dismal
(Gray Dily). There is a surrealistic touch to
some of the paintings because of the artist's
use of intense colors. landscape in Troodus,
done almost entirely in varyingshadcs of pur-
pie. is spooky. By the use of color. an aura of
mystery is created. The hills and mountains
are no more than shaded lines.

Nnturnl phenomena are evident in Alt-
munovn's work. Misty Morning Near
Thu/char Park is covered with it fine. translu-
ccnt fog. The mist is superbly rccrcntcd mnk-
ingthc plcturcscmcwhnt indistinct. Where the
fog, is thickest. the colors ofthc morning fade
out. Another painting. Inside Vi’slil'lﬂlm' is
Very durk. almost bluck with hints of orungc
and midnight blue. A sense of nwcsome terror
at being. trnppcd inside it volcnno is
transmitted from the artist's cunvus to the
onlookcr. Stiﬂ'tng. oppressive heat is emitted
frotn that picture us well its from Hot After-
noon in (.‘tytrus. l’crhttps bccnusc other pain-
ting technique Altmnnovu lets you look ill the
picture its if you were looking out your win~
dow on it very hot duy.‘ You can sue the heat
waves passing through the mountains.

My favorite painting in the gallery is
M yakka Mk0. The colors of the rainbow are
reﬂected off the water. Long horizontal
patches of colors put the lake in motion.
Wherever I was. my eyes intermittently
returned to that picture. Viewing distancc was
important. I sensed greater depth when

further away. Standing next to the picture I
was ﬁrst disappointed. it looked likeblotchcs
of color on a black base. These patches blend-
ed together to create a moving endvibrently
alive painting. Lifc. That isthc overall. encom-
passing scnse I received from Altmsnoye‘s
work.

Although there are no people. houses.
or signs of civilization. the sense of nature and
natural bcauty pervades each painting. The
added touches of civilization would have only
distracted from the simple but exquisite
effects.

 

 

 

