  
   
  

 
  

 

t
l

 

 

  

 
  
 
 
    

 

‘ as "well, i.e. women‘s studies programs.

with. words: the ' “ en .ign ng
anotherwomanjasehe lksby.'whtti:wornen
getting down on lr'd worlttivomen and vice

‘  being catty’abou't how-other

women, res or lookor act. ' .

, _ Women have hot ’yet begun I' to see
themselvet‘as bound to each other either in
terms of lde’ntity’pr in terms‘of their human
condition—tolerand myths havebeen cut

‘ upon them by‘virt‘ue of their sex alone.

“Sisterhood”'is not just a catchy word adopted

by Dlinu llle‘tte and Ellen Muslim.“ by the women's movement to be thrown
on! “(he “linen”, 9mm feminist may” around casually because it sound nice. In fact.

ment (and'inde‘ed many “feminist” institutions ‘ it is “Omell‘lnl 0‘ ﬁnldFal “‘9” than “Yum?!
’ else now. But until it is realized. women Will

have no more pOWer than they did when Eve
was cut from Adam's side. at a time when
biology had no idea what itsdestiny would be.
Perhaps the idea of being “free” or
“liberated” is a frightening thing. We say we
want power and/ or equality. but power to do
what? Hopefully not to be like men or to be in
the coveted positions men have clung to for so
long. Perhaps we want to reshape our lives in a
way that will reshape all of socicy and com-
pletely change or revolutionize our entire
culture. Or, maybe we want to enuctsomecon-
struciivc reforms in legislation like the Equal
Right Amendment and develop more humane
and fulﬁlling systems of child-rearing.
socialization. and even sometimes marriage.
Regardless of what we wantto do as women
or as feminists. it still remains that for every
woman who goes through the nightmarish
process of becoming "conscious" (of her life.
mics. images. powerlessness. etc.)there will be
countless moments of fcelingalone. frustrated
or hopeless. This very process is one that
challenges and sometimes threatens the very

pressing; was... ..

 

women's publishing groups, counselling
groups) has been the belief that womenareop-
pressed. Once agreed upon. that. this is
something not requiring much debate or con-
troversy. women may then go onto working
against their oppression using this as their
basic “forming priciple“, or political platform.

But what exactly does it man to say that
women are oppressed? We can start by defin—
ing the word oppression in the several ways
Webster has done. or in terms of our own ex-
perience with the word. But. more than defin-
ing the actual statement. we must begin to
answer the question that the statement seems
to beg every time we hear mention of it.
Women are oppressed - agreed - but by
whom?

Usually one w0uld answer. by men of -
course. Others with more of an understanding
of the problem might clarify that to mean the

“male-dominated" society or culture. the
patriarchy. etc. All these answers may, of .
course be valid and indeed true in manyeascs.
and EYE“ povlmwuy PM?“ When explmded real sensibilities that women have had since
upon in one sownanalysts. However, such an 3 lhey were old enough m wk

analys's “‘31 Puts the Slam." 0" We“ and me“  This is'where the notion of sisterhood comes
only suffers from overstmpltlicatton. Because. in. women need the support of other women.
more often than not. women are the victims of no, .he condemnation or hatred they've ex-
‘he'l: 0:“ °PP’°55'°"‘ or themselves and 0f pcrienced before. Perhaps this is the greatest
e“ 0' c" failure of the movement. Women must learn

5° ‘he ""‘h mm“ "mm"! “w” °“ “5 ' to love and respect themselves and each other
women oppress each other. Just take a look before'anything clsecanhﬂppcn.

 

  
    
 
  
   
     
 
    

  
  

 
   

We. ‘ J .
‘.’»‘?.<l‘is.-‘? a. t
N '.v ' 4 ~ ~ " ,T ‘-

vgafﬁ?“ 
Q 5 "‘e/

‘1.
‘.-"‘ .

      

 

      

    

 

Every Sunday, Monday& Tuesday

A Feast unionized toshgger «the imagination, storh‘gggt‘ttb our tameus

9
ANTIPAS‘to butter and t'ottowed by heaping platters or 5 HSTt't,PtzzA.
LPSAGNAMEATBALLSﬁAUSACIE and "ORE. And to «tap it em an icy

 

 

the Albany lulu-t Inn Am loam
r

 Clinical Forum

Illa Untmstly ol ll.- York at "II!

On the subject of women,the Greek poet Semonides.
ofthe schnteenth century B.C., shared the bias of the
times and the society in which he lived. More than that.
he helped to perpetuate and to strengthen this bias by
writing along poem which. like Juvenal‘s famous sixth
Satire. might be entitled “Against Women,“ “Women
are different." he confidently announces at the
beginning of this poem and then proceeds with a catalog
‘of undesirable fcmalc types. We encounter the sloppy
housekecpcr. the meddling busybody. arid the
compulsive enter: one woman is ugly. unothcr stupid.
and a third one promiscuous. The rest of ilic pocm
follows in a prose translation:

“But onc womun Zeus has created from a hcc. Tilt:
man wlto gets her is lucky. Sltc makes a man prosper
and flourish. She and her husband love each oihcrund
rcttch old age together: but first she hears him beautiful
and renowned children. Site is outstanding, untong all
women; she radiates divine grttcc. Shc docs not curc to
sit with other women when there Is loose talk about scx.
Such women urcii gift ol'Zcus to ntcu'. thcy arc the best
and the nicest.

But all the other types are Zcus‘ design too. and tncn

by Sandy Kllcr \cll IISL'll us an cilccinc lllllSICill

“l have seen rock and roll future. mummmt h. d mulmumcd“NHL

 The Evils of Ancien‘ Women

matter-s
cannot get rid ofthcm: for
. greatest evil on earth. Even when she seems to be useful
a woman is a pack oftrouble to her husband. Any man
who livcs with it woman cannot be happy for an entire
day. Nor can he keep from his doorstep hunger. that
unwanted houscgucst and dreaded demon. Just when a
man thinks that he is happy in his home. whether by
divinely appointed fate or by favor of men. that's when
his wife finds fault in him and gets ready for battle.
Wherever awomun is present it man cannot graciously
invite the stranger who comes to his honsc.

The woman who most scents to bc chaste. she is the
otic who commits the greatest outrages. Her husband
stands with his inotilli wide open. and his neighbors
laugh tll him sccing what it fool he is. Each nittn will
pruisc his on It wilc \\ltct1ltt:lttis occusiontontcntionltcr
btii \\ill critici/c nitothcr‘s wife. We men all bear the
sonic cross tllltl do not even know it. Zens has created
uomcn as the greatest c\ ii on earth ntid botttid us with
nnbicttknblc L'lltlith. it all sittrtcd when tncn suffered
tlctllll lighting for the sake of u woman."

l he modcrn reader will be amused. or perhaps
:ingctctl. but not Ctllt\inL'L‘Ll.

‘Born to Run’ Running High

mug 0t BEER,goblet or WINE,or (smother beverage.

CHll—DREN  order- to

served My I2Noon to “PM - Monday afuudoty sprite tum
ALBANY

And his name is Bi'ticcSpringsteen."
These lines. spoken by record
producer John Landon. i‘cllcct
Bruce Springstccn's acceptance into
the rock musicworldtwo )’t.'£lr.\ ago.
His new ulbttm. Born To Run. was

(lit llllllStlt’H. ‘\llt_'llsl l-l.ttt lcztst
Zilll pcoplc lntcil lllL’lllleJS up
ttt‘ttlss ilic \llLL‘l liottt \cu \otlx
(‘ity's Ito/loin Illlt'. .i rock cttbttt'ch
ctilc lll (itccnw tclt Villagc. llic_\ \\ct'c
tltci‘c til 4:30 p.m. on the clittucc ol

 

Wouldyott
hire you?

Of course you would.

You work hard. Care about what you do. And you
know your job inside and out.

That’s what everybody says.

And for most of us, it’s true. But it’s also true that we
could all do better. Whether we’re doctors or teachers,
lathe operators or telephone operators, legislators or long-
shoremcn, bankers or union officials...every one of us.

And we’ll all have more to show for it.

More money, for one thing. Because we’ll be giving
each other our money’s worth for the products, the services
and even the government we pay for.

For another thing, we’ll be giving America better
ammunition to slug it out with our foreign competitors.
Not just here. All. around the world. That would help
bring the lopsided balance of payments back onto our side.
And help make your dollar worth more.

. Best of all,as we hit our stride, we’ll be protecting jobs
here at home. For ourselves and the future. And we’ll have
a deeper sense of pride in the jobs we‘ve got. So maybe
we'll find our work as fresh and'challenging as it was the
first day on the job.

Which brings us back to the original question.

Would you hire you?

AmericaJt work:
null :31“.

 

 

 

PAGE FOURTEEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS .

 

 

  Western M. at Fulltr Rd-cx

':*******tltlhﬂl*******************$**#*****

I H :
I TOR CH

will have another week of
: yearbook photos sometime

in early November. .

 

Sign up if you’re
interested at the a
* CC Information Desk

“Witlutllﬁilﬂlmlltllltllﬁlll
SEPTEMBER 30, 1975

 

 

released two weeks ago. In it nrc all
of the elements that have made
Springsmcn‘s PreVll’US Gil-("'15 tltc Knit) and llrﬁtl shows at the
successful: fittc musical com- cabal-culminigm,

positions. arrangements and lyrics. thL- 11cm holder‘s linc. with

being gitcn thc pri\ilcgc ol buying
one of 75 standing room tickcts lot'

myscll 2t mcmbcr. didn‘t look mtich
bcttcr. Why such insrtliitt on such an
"off night“? Bccttusc llittcc Springs-
teen was to givchislllll’tl inn series of

Someof the album's songs have the
weakness of being overloaded with
musical instrumentation. 0n the
whole. however. the rcco rd is able to

 

   

Recipe #111/2.
T HE
CUERVICLE:

1. Find someone who has a freezer.

2. Put a bottle ofjose Cuervo Gold in it.

3. Goaway.

4. Coine back later that same day.

’5'. Open the bottle and pour a shot of the
golden,'lviscous liquid. .

6. Drink it with grace and dignity.
Or other people, if they’re not around.

 
 
   

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

05E CUERVO' TEQUlLA so PROOF.
LMPORTED AND acir'rLED av 0 W75. HEUBthN. INC.. HARTFORD. coNN.

SEPTEMBER 30, 1975

ten performances (till sold out) that
night. And \tlicn it wusttll o\cl' l l’clt
complctcly iiistificti in my bclicl’thut
llllltl w llllCSSCtl tlicgrctttcst rock and
roll pctlormzincc around lodtiy.

llrucc Springsteen. n nuli\c of
Asbury Park. New .lcrsy. ﬂtisttchicv-
ctl modcrntc lnnic with tlic rclcasc of
his lirst two albums: (irut'ling From
.vlt/rurt' Park. .\',.I. and NW Wild,
The Ilium VIII and Illt‘ IL'SII'ur'I Shuf-
No. On these first two records.
Springsteen is accompanied by one
of the tightcst and most talented
backup bands ever heard. The
band's members then included
('ltircncc Clcmons (saxophone).
Danny l‘cdct'ici (organ). Gary
lallcni (buss). Vini l.ope/. (drums).
and Dan id Sttncious on piano.

At the Bailout Line us well its on
thc newly released album Born To
Run. Sancious is replaced by Roy
liiltan. another fine keyboard
player. ihouglt Sancious is still
featured on the album‘s tillc' track.
Oncmightsay that the bund‘sincredi-
blc power remains intact on the new
record. with the exception of Lopel‘
replacement by drummer Max
Wcinbcrgwhosc workdocsn‘t comc
anywhcrc close to the “fancy stuff“
that one becomes spoilcd by when
listening to Lopcl.

llut the band is still ti good one
with a feeling for Springsteen‘s com-
positions nnd the arrangements of
those compositions. l have yet to
licar these men hltl'pitSscd by the
backup band ol other contemporary
soloists.

lltc few problems that | find with
the ncw Born To Iiuii album stem
mtnnly from the anxious public an-
ticipation of this album that is to
nttikc Springstccn ti superstar.
Rccogni/tng this anticipation,
Springsteen simply tries too hard on
sctcrul ol the album's trucks in the
attempt to crcritcn “bighit.” We thus
lose the "tnttkiitgil look easy" feeling
that is such a clearly refreshing part
ol llrticc's Inst two efforts.

though the arrangements. lyrics
and music still possess tltcoriginnlity
illltl \crxtttility ol'tltc profession that
Springstct‘n undoubtztbly is. there is
a certain “owrdoing” that was never
it part of the "less is more" attitude
that comes across in songs like
“thowing Up“. "Fourth of July.
Asbur) l’urktSundy)“. and “New
York Serenade“.wherc a just-
el‘fective amount ofinstrumcntntion
is used.

      
  
 
  

    
            
     
   
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
     
     
     
   
   

A terracotta statuette of a Greek—woman.

For instance. towards the middle
of the August I4 concert. Springs-
tccn took over llitutn's place at the
piano and brouglti dowrt the house
for his sensitive solo rendition of
“Thunder Road.“ which is also tltc
first song on the new album. After
that solo.l literally counted the days
until the record‘s rclcusc.

Except for a deceiving piano-solo
beginning. however. the album ver-
sion is severely overdone. complete
with Wcinbcrg‘s monotonous drum-
tning and a gluckcnspcil that gives
the song it silly cutcncss detracting
from the power of tltc lyrics. Evert
Clcmon's pcrfcct saxophone playing

 "  "it

 

sounds out ofplacc on this particular
song.

A similar instrumentation is used
on the title song "Born To Run."
But. in contrast to the effect of the
music on “Thunder Road." this same
musical zcst makes “Born To R an" a

tour dc force that is bound to give '

Springsteen his first hit single. The
song fully illustrates Springsteen's
amazing verastiliiy its an effective
co-producer. arranger. and par-
ticularly as a lyricist:

In the day we .l'lt't’tll it out in the
.rtrcels of a runaway American
Dream

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

all night we rftlt‘ Ihruuglr man-
.t'imii org/mgr in .t'uiciilemuchinm...

Bil/tr I/ii.r Irltt‘lt ripx Iht’ Immnr
from .I‘tllll' liar/r

II'.t u t/t'tll/I [I'll/I, ii'r usuiriderap

Wu gal/rt get out while we're
rnmig

‘C‘rmsc Irumpr like us. baby we
\l't'rt' lmm to run.

For those of us who loved the
stories Springsteen wovc about
characters such as “Crazy Janey“.
“Spanish Johnny“ and. of course.
"Rosalila" and “Kitty.” this album
also offers a wealth of Springsteen
creations. There are “Bad Scooter"
and “Big Man“ in “Tenth Avenue
Free/cont." There are "Eddie" and
"Cherry" in “Meeting Across the
River.“ Finally. we have “Wendy” in
“llom To Run.“

Tilt: stories of thcsc characters are
more than merely entertaining.
howcvcr. ln "llackstrccls."
Springsteen's simple statement that
“Me rind ferry became friends"
lctldﬁ‘ltlit) a series of visions of city
me by these two fugitives. A trite
topic you ask? Not the way Bruce
Springsteen prcsans it. He is a true
poet whose depth and poignancy of
lyrics are best appreciated through a
careful listening to them in his uni-
quc voice.

In closing. it is only fair to warn
the potential listcncr that as im-
pressive as Springsteen's band.
arrangement. and lyrics are. one will
probably like nothing more than the
music itself. It is sometimes delicate
and sometimes \cry lively.

It is impossible to pinpoint just
what makes Springsteen's com-
positions so fresh and tireless at
every listening. But. whatever this
force may be. it is putsatuig
throughout Born To Run. Though a
bit “too much" in parts. the album
stands as a near-perfect product
from an unbelievablytalcntcd artist)

PAGE FIFTEEN /, “

 

