I
I!

N we“. .. «..~..r~wm.»%

“MN

 was; ,

manned-13":

that pot washarmfuLcouU notbe
dupliuted by other researchers.

Consumer Report: my: that as
soon as one alleytiou about mari—
juana is disproved. other charges
about the dangers of pot appar in
print.

ARAB CONTROL

(ZNS) The Department of the In—
tcrior admits that there is nothing to
prevent Arab investors—or any
other foreign investors—from gain-
ing control over the U.S.-held off-
shore oiI buds being lasted by the
Federal Government.

The Government is planning to
lease at least IO million acres of off-
shore lands to private companies.

dq’tet'tdeltce

‘Now. however. the Interior
Department is warning that fore'gt
investors coukl gain control overuse
new suppl'u.

Assistant lnterior' Secretary
Roystott Hughes says that there is
nothing in the bids—to be accepted
soon—which would prevent Arab
oil investors from mceessfully bid—
ding on the US. tracts

Hughes says that Arab investors
could gain control merely by
purchasing a US. Company and
then submitting bids through that
company. Hughes further statestlnt
foreign investorscould use theircon-
trol to withhold American oil from
the market during future oil em-
bargoes apinst the United States.

ILLEGAL APPLES

(ZNS) An aide to a Texas State
Legislator was arrested for selling
apples outside a Houston Hotel
while President Ford was delivering
a speech on the US. economy to
business executives inside.

Ed Burton. research assistant to
Democratic State Representative
Ron Waters. tried to peddle a crate
,of crab apples advertised as
‘Republimn apples.” Burton charg-
ed one dollar per apple. but ap-
parently no one was in the market
for Republican apples that day.

A secret service agent‘direeted
Houston police afﬁrms to arrest
Burton. Afar a [0-minute discus-
s‘on of wlm they would diary Bur-
ton with. the ofﬁcers ﬁnally settled
on ‘vending on public property
without a license.‘

Burton plans to fight the charge in
court. chiming that the arrest was
clariy a violation ofhis right to free
speech. He states his purpose was
not to sell the apples, but to
graphically demonstrate the Ford
Administration's inability to stop an
on—corning depression and spiraling
inﬂation.

A. T. & TEED -OFF

(ZNS)A.T.& T.. in a landmark
decision. has won the, right to
automatically inch its phone
rates without holding a public har-

' ing on the isuc.

The New Jersey Supreme Court
this week ruled that the phone com-
pany acted legally when it
automatically raised its rates by
$19.3 million in I973.

The rate increase—which the
company said was neaied to cover
increased costs—was approved at
the time by the Public Utility Com-
mission without public harings.

Although the court‘s decision on

automatic rate raises affects only

New Jersey. The Bell System will
now test it elsewhere: A.T. dc T. has
announced a similar policy in II-
linois.

outer assent

(ZNS) Three Brigham Young Un-
iversity researchers say that the cure
for tension. anxiety and hating loss
is a quiet journey away from civiliza-
tion.

Professors Clark Tltorstenson.
Richard Heaps and Robert Snow
report that they studied the effects of
29 days in their wilds on 46 of their
students.

The students were measured for
symptoms of anxiety and the sen-
sitivity of their hearing before the
hike into the high desert began.

All the students returned from the
wilds 29 days later showing marked

reductions in tension levels.and with '

sharply increased hearing. The im—
provement occurred. the researchers
say. despite the fact that most
students encountered fear. hunger.
'thirst. and boredom during their
outdoor survival course.

One of the major problems with
modern society, the professors
found. is that it is far too noisey.

BRIBE ANGELS

(ZNS) Madera County ofﬁcials in
California are seriously considering
whether to bribe the Hells Angels
Motorcycle Gang not to show up in
the County over Memorial Day
weekend.

.lml  ARBCIS have mm.

A, their mail trek to Bass Lake in 1).:

sierra ational/Forest to calcbratc
Memorial day in their own way,

Madera County ofﬁcials rcpon
however. that the extra cost of keepi
ing law enforcement ofﬁcers for that
weekend runs annually at more than
52.000.

In orderto save money. the counlv
is now considering asking the cuni.
munity to raisean emergency fund of
SIOOO in cash to offer the Angc|5.if
they promise to stay out of Modern
County.

In Oakland, 3 spokcspcrson
for the Hell's Angels had no mm.
ment on the possible pay-oil.

NUDE WITH POLICE

(ZNS) Milwaukee iIUIllOlIlIL‘\ llft‘
investigating a local policc purl) at
which a 2l-ycar-old \iiimzin
reportedly danced llUtlL‘ illld pct-
fonncd sexual acts \\llll \t,‘\L'f‘ill ol~
ﬂoors.

The woman lived at It ll.i|l\\iu
llousc and was said to lllI‘L‘ illl
emotional problem. Shc icpuricdh
had been escorted to ihc Pull) hi
two policemen who told Illi.‘ ll.lll\\ll)
House supervisor thui lhc} \\illllt'll
to question the woman lll cunnctiinn
with an investigation.

 

" ‘ ASSED:

 

Central Council News

by Pat Sahl

Central Council met for four hours this past Wednesday night. and among the bills
considered. two si il'icant bills were passed and two were rejected.
‘ BILLS REJECTED:

Slapping the Room Rs"! Increase (Dave Coyne): This authorizes $650 for 2 buses and lunch
(and advertising) for 82 students to go to New York City on Feb. 26m lobby against an increase
in room rent. At that time. a press conference will beheld where Chancellor Boyer and the Board
of Trustees will announce any such increase. (Proposed is $50 per year more). Pat Curran. SA
Prcs.. spoke in favor of the bill. saying that students and SA should do everything practiczil to
avoid a room rcnt hike. especially now. since an 8% board increase had just been announced. Ira
llirnbaum argued against the bill. doubting if it will do anything to stop an increase.

Representing the Slurlents Where Others Don‘t Give a
At the Emergency Council meeting Wednesday nightdcaling with the FSA. one ofthe three bills
passed was the recalling of SA‘s 5 “$5,043.00 loan to FSA. This bill is to consider the possibility
of giving students a rebate equal to the 3%board hikc.from this money.

Damn (Haber. Fidlcr, Mayer. Mecklcr):

Renovation of Will/(Finance Comm): FSA will be paying for the installation o1 .i b.“ in llic
Rathskcllai during Easter vacation. This bill would have provided $4200 to build It “all in \L'\l.'l
the snack bar area from the bar and to create an intimatcﬂtmosphcrc. Mark Roscn. chnu innn ol
the campus Ccnlcr Governing Board which has been working on the proposal loi 5 month.
explained that thc CCGB would have it strong say in policies (such as prices) in thc iiicn ll lllt'll
advice continued to prove proﬁtable. FSA General Manager Zultm would C(lnsldcr gciiiiic lltl ml
the benches.'l'hc bill failed. 7-l0—I.

.S‘tipemlsjur l'ulI-iilttr Workers Only (Andy Baumun): This would have tiikcn ziuiii lllL' ~lipcni1
of any person having tin outstdcyob for more than 15 hours per week. The reasoning ixllml ill
person gets a stipend to do an SA job. hc/shc should do that job before iin Ulllxltlt‘ UIIL'

 

 

 eoeeegegu...‘
»' «1112mm '

 

 

 

e  ',

: moon-e."

PAGE FOUR

*Till."'. 2“

3 YOU CAN F

 

i'e'ii'r' in:
ROOM RENT HIKE!

“$50 per year

DEMONSTRATION
AT SUNY TRUSTEES MEETING
TOMORROW IN NEW YORK CITY

- Mm info: Call Linda 7-520) or Dave 449-8493
IIIal'r‘kmﬂtIII*m***ﬂﬁlﬂﬂmwttumﬂtmﬂmprg*a":“(turnaround

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

. C C ‘ *********$*H*****$*tit***

Free Buses Leave SUNYA Wednesday Morning

-Return Wednesday ngh1
-Free Food on Bus

YOU MUST GET THE TICKET AT TABLE AT CAMPUS CENTER
Last Chance- Today till 4 pm

($1.00 refundable deposit required for ticket)

 

 

FEBRUARY 25, 1975

 

 

"WINDLIA

Va! '1 No 1
Wild”) Now With.

The (Alternative News ni-weekiy

m

.. i ,0
Jlnﬂlieb

moguicn

Mornorles ol the Washlngton Park Spirit Ilve on though the paper has folded.

by Richard Nordwlnd

Four years after he began it. the
money ran out. and Lenny
Perlmuttcr. “exhausted man. men-
tally. physically. emotionally.“
culled itquits. Three weeks ago. The

Washington Park
“NI‘HNWII‘I Spirit. Lenny
Pcrlmuttcr‘s ulter-
iitttivc community
ncwspiipcr. foldcd.

It is it sliiimc; Albiiny needs an
iiltcrniilivc newspaper. illTLl The
Spirit wits it dnmncd good one; illld
iniiv bc cvcn. its publisher l.cnuy
I’crlmullcr suggests. it is an outrage.
"l‘lH’ iltc rcsourccswuhud. I think wc
Iiiid mtc of the best communin
ncu Spllpcl’s in the country. Shit. lhc
sliilc should pity us to put out it
ncu spupcr likc 'l'ltr'SpiriI. hill filings
don‘l go down around Itcrc."

Analysis

Oppression |.t-vcl

llllltgh'likc Ilic SpiI'iI don‘t go
down so well iii Albany citltcr.
l’crlmuilcr wouldn‘t say so cxuclly.
but it wits itnplicd lliul Albiiny. it
while workingniitn‘s town. is not
good tor! for radical journalism.
"I be level oloppicssionhcrc is \cry
high.“ Lenny I'crlmutlcr will sity.
rcllcctivc ol his hclicl tliiit our sourc-
ty opprcsscs each of us to vut'ying
dcgiccs. "'I'licrcl'orc ilic nccd for cs-
ciipism is giciil. Albiiny pcitplc will
liin Ilic lint/tutor. or 'l'lti' Slur. but
ilicy wouldn‘t buy llic Spirit.

ll \th lIll upliill struggle iill tltc
iiin to kccp llic Spirit :tll\‘t.'. l'lIll
lIlllL' rcpoi'lcis wot‘kcil (ill-Killtonrsn

week. for $55. At that rate thc tur-
novcr level for reporters was high.

“You assigned your own story.“
(iiiry Ricciurdi. ii I'ormcr Spirit
writer. remembers. "You wrote it.
you edited it. you Iiiycd it out. Then
you went on the strch itnd sold the
paper. whilc guys ycllcd ill
you.’llii'o\v iiwuy that shil.’ You snw
cvcry side of the business."

For Lenny Pcrlmutlcr. it was on
"ulI-consum ing passion  “Jesus,” lic
litughs now. “it \vus my whole life.“
In the beginning. l‘ci'lmuticr wrutc
itlmnst hull of llic Spit'il's copy. By
lllt: end. he hccumc cutiqu tip on the
business sidc llic cndlcss scorch l'oi
iid\crtising rcvcnuc. IZditiiriiils.
liowc\cr wcrc iilwiiys written by
l’crlmullcr.

"l‘\ c always been scared of words.
Ihitl sounds sli'nngc. right for u
iicwspitpcr editor to soy. l‘vc llCVCl'
trusted words its ii form of com-
munictilion."

Though he is intensely political,
l’ci'lmuttcr viewed the Spiril us it
philosophic cntity. rather than II
Iiidicul iicwsltccl. In its lust year. the
piipcr grcw morc politiciil. with in-
icstigiitiw rcporlcrs likc Scott
(‘lii'islitiiisniL iind Mikc Howurd.
turning tltcir iiltcntion to studics of
Nelson Rockclcllcriind Iii’iistusf‘or-
ning,

Still. the Spirit was not so much
about the Albiiiiy I‘I'lll/JllllIf/i'fIllllllgll
Ill’lIL‘lL'\ ubout lociil riiccs wcrc frc«
qiicnl. and in grciilci dcplli lllIIll tiny
ollici loczil Itcidipiipcr).iis iiboin tlic

 

 

The International Students Association
presents

TH€ BAHAMAS

(cultural presentation)

Nassau, Freeport,
700 friendly family lslunds......
FR€€
Thursday, Friday, February 27, 28
l‘llll ll‘lilllll \‘Xl’llllltj itioVion lilill‘llllt] (Ll 8:00 pm

tritl'll llltllll /\iilli«:iilii: calypso, iirilivu IIIIISIL' and
lillit'llllh‘ iiiiiivoiiiri; Doli‘l Mlﬁll lllll!

ifiVLCi DORM Ballroom I79 Partridge

unimpnsm ruapnrs‘ .i‘q papirry

 

sources and functions of power.

“People always told me Iwas trite.
I don‘t know about that. but I am
ccrtiiinly iin idealist. The Spirit
rclurncd to the old high school no-
tion ofthc social contract; ciich main
is entitled to adequate representa-
tion by his govcrnmcnl.“

Idciilism hits it way of fading with
time, "Spiirncdidculists turn into the
worst cynics," l’crlmultcr admits. “I
don‘t wool to get inlo lltitl trip."

“Just give inc ii minute mun."
I'crlmuttci'coiitiiiiiiids.wlicit liirrch
Ill his fourth floor itllic—ztpnrtntcnt
on State Street. The pliicc is strewn
with old newspapers and clollics.1ltc
witlls iidorncdd with It kind of radical
hull of lumc. and ii poster of llob
l)yliiu. lrom his .Vi'w .l/nrning
Album.

He sits Iiintsclf iii front ol ii smnll
cumcru lliut focuses on it pic-
liirc.which in turn is transmitted ltNl
l'V screen. At first gluncc. the pic
lurc looks like it Bruegth prim of il
mcdicvul pctisttnts. but it wtis iI
photograph of it work project ttftltc
depression of the 1930‘s. In their
dark brown outfits. the tiicii in the
piclurc lutd ii frightening llll)’0|ltlll-
mity. ()nc bliick iniin had on almost
lrunsccndcnliil look of rcsigitiilion in
his eyes.

‘ "It‘s Ior my next projccl. A
documcnuiry on tlic depression,“
When l’crlniiitlci‘ liilks. Illt.‘ cllccl is
not so much communication. its
bursts of lighl llllll go oii iind ofl
suddenly. for no rciison. Words do

now will be worse that the I930‘s.“ It
is a topic that'ie'e'rns to gm at
Perlmutter: the break-up of
American society. culminating in the
great depression. “People no longer
believe in the American myth. You
know. work hard. believe. and you
can be President. And they no longer
have the family structure. to support
them."

. American society in chaos. It is
Perlmuttcr‘s fiivoritc topic. Puffing
on his corn-cob pipe. Pctlmuttcr pui~
tits on upocolyptic portrait of our
collective futures.

His mind moves in a stream of
consciousness from. the effects of the
cm on the family. (“nobody stays in
one piitce anymore. How many three
generation families do you know‘!“).
to the inevitable decline of thc
citpititlist system. (“the Western
world reached its pcitk in I969. It‘s
been down downhill ever since“). to
the effect of the current recession
depression (“There are two possible
scenarios)“). One effect is that the
government will nickel and dime us
past this depression. though there
won't be any war to strive us this time.
Or there could be violence in the
street when the money runs out.
Armed guards in cvcrygroccry store.
Who kitotvs. iniiybc maruuding
groups will come up to Albany look-

not lit-tech thernsel esto‘eaeh‘other. A if i
‘ ~ “Thedepre't'tionvwe‘re heading for

is less gloomy about town future.

I'm tryingto get awayfr'om a pure-
ly intellectual outlook on life. I’m
trying to get back to a more instinc-
tive approach.“ Perlmutter talks of
the ﬂow of nature. the cycles of ex-
istense. '

I break his reverie by asking if he a
ever thought of farming. “I don't
know anything about farming"
Perlmutter says quickly. with a
suddenly pragmatic tone. “What the
hell do lknow about raising animals.
or growing crops." '

So what will you do. I ask. The
question appeals to thc dramatist in
Perlmutter. It appeals to the mystery
man who sits behind the cgrit cob
pipe. the long. black. unkempt
heard. and wire-frame glasses.

-“Whut will Lenny do now‘.’ What
will Lenny do now'lThat what all of
Albany Is asking. Is Lenny going to
put on it shirt and tit: and join the es-
tiiblishmcnt‘.’ Will he go brick to low
school. join it corporation. and be it
good boy?“

Pcrlmultcr Iiitiglis. and says no
more. Even tltc thought of “going
straight" iimuscs him. "The Spirit is
still alive" Pcrlmultcr told mecarlicr

I in tltc interview. and with that belicf..

Lenny Pcrlmuttcr goes on.

CARP Opens on Campus

The C.A.R.I’. (Collegiittc
Association for thc Rcscurch of
Principles) program that hits opened
on campus says they offer students
interested in creating tln ideal world
it“ opportunity to come together to
slurly the principles involved lit for-
ll‘lllliliing and practicing such llll
idciil. CARP membch itrc “Trying
to bridge the world‘s Clllllll‘lll blocks
lltul in thc piisl littvc only served to
scpiiriitc pcoplc,"

Ily providing scrviccs tliul tirctiitn-
cd iil uplifting iIic L||Iillily of our
lives. students in CARP Iciirn tlic
\itluc of sharing ideas and intcllcc-
tuul gitiils. They say lhcy itl'l putting
into pruciicc :i llICiil') iil' uiiificuliun
lliiil lllliirh .n-i ' Iroiii complcicly
dillcrcnl cultui..l. ciliiiic. religious.
Illltl riiciiil backgrounds.

Iivcryonc is \vclcomc lo visit the
CARP Ccnlcr itl 3l2 Slitlc St, in
Albiiny. to ntch mid to discuss the
exact mittircund method oftlic comv
millincnt lo solving the deep
problems confronting mankind to—
day. Miiny pcoplc talk about living
in tin itlcitl world; CARP nicmhcrs
not only litlk about it. tltcy iirc sub-

  

MERCHANTS T0 GENERATIONS

OF BOOT BUFFS

Bench-crafted and handlinished by
skilled artisans for over 100 years.

YOUNG SHOES, adds still another to the largest collection
of FIVE BOOTS in the countryl Our Driftwood Boot, it is
brass pegged and fitted by bond. The platform sole is of
solid oolcbond leather to match the new stacked 2% inch

high heel.

ll‘l iTOle FOR N6" 9 WOMEN

Available in Hand Stalned Brown, Natural oiled, An-
tiqued wallnut, and Burnt chestnut.

ﬁre-.3. -

._. a...
. = .

\-
x.

Irye Butmakert tlnre ma...

 

FEBRUARY 25, 1975

If)? CENTRAL AVENUE

OPEN EVERY EVENING TILL 9 PM
"'."""""F VOUII BANKAMERICARD OR MASTERCHARGE 5:21:25?

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

stiinIiiilly creating it.

During Spring vucininn. from
322-329.CAR P is sponsoringti week
long "International Leadership
Seminar“ designed for students that
is to be given at tlicirtriiining ccntcr
in Iiiirrytown. N.Y. This facility is on
ii 250 itcrc triicl mcrlooking the
Hudson Riicr about It) milcs frotu
Kingslon. NY. and only an hour‘s
drch from Albiiny. Interested
students. griid lllltl undergrad. who
Would like to intend the seminar mity
iipply iii the CARP table in thc Cum-
pus Ccntcr. 'lotiil cost is only $30.
for thc cnlirc \vci-k illld includes
"nod. lodging. ~noi.. iticilitics (two
gyms. (i Iiiindinn courts. ctc.). Ice-4
lurcs. iinil tritnsportiitton there and
buck.

CARP iiscll' wzis bcgun Ill
Amci'icii iit (‘olunthin U. iiitd Itus tttt
intcrmtliiinul loundiilion cncottt-
[Missing more Hum 40 countries.
l'licrc iirc ccnlcrs in illl 50 slutesund
in more than Xllll universities
worldwide. 'I‘hosc iiucrcstcd inn tru-
ly lllllLlllL'IlIld rclrcsliing approach to
ltniniin problcms IlfL' iii'gcd lo check
oiil (‘1‘ " "

“Ill lllll-Ifl’lsllf.

WOMEN OI' PRAYER
IN A PERSONATO-PERSON
APOSTOLATI‘.

VIM 7m
IwalmiwAm
mu tie-mm
IOCIAI. "I

WIIIW
' 'nuitui TIM W'rltuti Aw Bruit II Y IDITZ

To SASIIJ

' ‘ r 14.1“:
(sure do. it you lllIYcll tux curd)

 

PAGE FIVE

 

