.0-.. .._.a._,..g-,.:...r—.\- .

Columns?

Pempoctlves -

The Last Time

by Pat Carl-

‘Monday niﬂlt the last rinse." Monday
niglrtofthiapalweekwnlsincerdyhope.
thehttimebhdaandwhitesouthiacam

and mutual dimmed. Cutath the ﬂare-up

,dur'mg this past week involving SA and
EOI’SA is nothing new; rather. it is merely
another episode in a continuing story. That
story is confined not to our campus nor our
time: not even to our generation.

While deep-seated feelings of racial
separatism will probably persevere for many
years to come. perhaps we at SUNYA have
learned this past week one way in which they
should not be duit with.

This episode began a week ago Sunday
when the Student Association Budgt
Committee reviewed the proposed EOPSA

1975-76 budget. Consider
the viewpoint of the committee. EOI’SA
seemed to have been accorded special
treatment by the Student Associations ofthree
or four years past. Unlike other groups,
money for speakers and concerts was in
EOI’SA‘s own budget rather than. in the
Speakers Forum and University Concert
Board budgets. Funds for a Kung—Fu class
were located in thisbudget when. accordingto
the committee, they should be allotted to a
separate group which would be geared toward
all students. Also. the breakdown for the
proposed use of SA moncywas notas detailed
in the EOPSA budget rationale as in other
budgets. This was the year for change.

Members of EOPSA. needless to say, saw

I

 “i r:

Iii! 

 

 

tim“*¥**”****m***t*nﬂl****M****** #M******#lllﬂlllﬂhllﬂlt*lllllll
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

things dilfermtly. Here was a bunch of white
middle-eh- so-and-sos (black students on
Bridget Committee ;_were in the minority)
taking a swipe at an'established organisation
simply bea‘use of misunderstandings on their

Similar perspectives came to the fore during
the sit-in at lhe Student Association ofﬁce
Monday afternoon and at the Central Council
meeting that evening. Unfortunately, the
atmosphere that time around was not as
cordial ‘

As people dtotltd back and forth and doors
were blocked to keep Council members from
leaving the room. it was obvious that this
woukl not be theyear bhck and whites would
gain grater regal for one another, or that
wallsof separatists would be leveled. Annual
feudaovertheEOPSAbudgetwouldnotsee
an eat this year. It was apainfulrealintion.

Thepo'mtisthizAlIofusshouldhave
admitted ridrt from the start that ditTerenccs
between bids and whites would not be
solved here. and that-the basic reason for
EOPSA'a existence is rooted in than
der.

Two other things occurred to me this past
week. One has to do with change. the other
with pride.

Supposedly, we come to a university to
learn. to explore and discover. to exchange
ideas and experiences. and to change. We
clung: from being less educated to more
eduasted, less worldly to more worldly.

However. attitudes which have been
nurtured in us for eighteen years prior to
arrival in Albany will not be readin changed.
Once here. our racial attitudes will more likely
be reinforced than altered. Our student
organirations will reﬂect rather than reform
our biases. The university, in this way, is not a
model for the community beyond but is
instead a microcosm of it. We should not be
disheartened bythis. Butwc must face the fact.

The same is true of pride. We must realize
that people take pride in their work and
organizations. as they do in their heritage.
That cannot be buried in the course of a
committee meeting. At the same time. angry
crowds must not degrade a governing student
council. for it too takessome pride in its work.

If we have learned nothing else. hopefully
these lessons will help us deal more rationally
with the feelings of separatism which still
survive.

I run-Iii

 for Foreign Trained
Med Students

Imagine if the New York State Department of MotorVehicles took the initiative to combat
traffic congestion. auto pollution, and gasoline waste by limiting the amount of licenses issued;
in effect, cutting the number of drivers in the state. Suppose it planned to adopt a policy
requiring that a road test he passed in order to qualify for a learner‘s permit. Most. if not all the
permit candidates would obviously fail the exam and very few would be able to acquire the
driving experience necessary to obtain a license. The problems caused by excess automotive
travel would probably begin to dissipate along with the diminishing number of drivers in the
state.0f oourse,such an outrageous plan would never materialize because its inequities heavin
outweigh its efficaciousneal. The New York State Department of Motor Vehicles. moreover, is a
non-autonomous body whose will is checked by the good sense of the people's representatives in
state government.

Much like our hypothetical Department of Motor Vehicles, the New York State Board of
Medical Examiners has an equally ludicrous. “Catch 22" type standard for state residents who
'are graduates of foreign medical schools and who are seeking further medical training and
licenses in New York. Their autonomy. however. remains unchallenged. Most graduates of
foreign medical schools lack the necessary clinical training for licensure. They can receive this
training by attending teaching hospitals or medical schoolwithinthe statc.'fhc foreign educated
applicants to these institutions are required by the Board of Medical Examiners to take the
E.C.F.M.G. (Education Council for Foreign Medical Graduates) examination, and receive a
score virtually unattainable.

The Board‘s requirements are as unethical as they are absurd. By clearly discriminating
against the foreign trained medical student who is seekingtopracticc medicine in his home state.
the E.C.F.M.G. exam acts as a means for the Board's blacklisting of foreign medical school
graduates. While many of our metropolitan hospitals are filled with interns and residents from
foreign countries. many of whom cannot speak or write English fluently, foreign trained state
residents are being denied hospital and medical school placement. The discriminatory test.
moreover.has enhanced the Board's stranglehold on the number of phyisciuns admitted to
practice in the state. which has resulted in a scarcity of doctors. and in effect. sky rocketing
medical fees. Although adamantly promulgatcd'by the Board members as an equitable and
professionally established criteria. the legality ofthe admissions standards remains suspect. Last
year. the New York State Legislature passed the Fifth Pathway Law to alleviate the doctor
shortage in the state by increasing the ﬂow of foreign educated state residents into New York
hospitals and clinics. By instructing city and state medical schools and hospitals not to admit
foreign educated state residents unless they pass the discriminatory exam. the Board is in direct
violation of the law's purpose and intentions.

The injustice of the Board's standards can bc rcdrcsscd by legislation that would strengthen
the Fifth Pathway Law by placing New York state residents who attended foreign medical
schools on the same par with domestically educated students. The foreign trained students must
he guaranteed admission to clinical training programs at New York state medical schools and
hospitals. and upon satisfactorily completing the program. be allowed to apply for intern
positions. This will insure that the thousands of qualified foreign trained medical students
applying for Iicensurc in the state will bcjudged on merit instead of where they rccievcd their
education.

If legislation fails to be enacted. the slate Assemblymen and Senators must resort to flexing
some of their political muscle. Legislative issues related to malpractice insurance and hospital
and medical school funding are vantage points that the representatives at the state capitol can use
to influence the policies of the Board of Midical Examiners. Whatever the means ofgovcrnmcnl
control: tightened legislation or political trade—offs. the New York State Borrrd of Medical
Examiners must be prevented from thwarting the will of the Legiluture and the people of llrc
state.

Out of Respect for the Spring Vacation, and as a Service to Students not residing in the
Albany A rea.

THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS WILL
PUBLISH THURSDAY OF THIS WEEK,
INSTEAD OF FRIDAY

. . and everyone will get a Kick out of it!

 

 

"emote seamen?

lbs Slain! Mum 6m, will glut pa free protection!

Come to a general meeting on :

We'll discuss F.S.A. , the Patroon Room, the Barbershop, and more.

The also I: ll» £81. Battlefle Mull”
Thursday. Marci: 20,

'enwmmoctnn

Tuesday March 18
8:00 PM
Fireside Lounge

1:00 PM
AD 253

,lt'l/rrlutl Ity .l'lllllt’lll ll.i'.t'ut‘lllli0ll

 

MARCH 18, 1975

 In terphaSe

“What can I get you to drink?" she smiled. folding his coat over her arm

“on, anything.” ‘ '
weighztzhgrirc;::lisome Ahrsante?“ She held the coat against her waist; she had noticeably gained

.What’s Abisantg'l" 'TI'Ihe atone sounded familiar but he couldn‘t quite place it

“It's American a sint e. el ,notexactl absinthe—th '

“‘8 imitation ab'imhe-ﬂ y at was pulled off the market years ago.

“Anythings all right." When she left. be lit a cigarette and entered the crowd Most of the
people were familiar: sports jackets. print shirts, tics. creased trousers, bay rum' flowery blouses
peck-a-boo brassieres. roomy slacks. loafers. talcum powder. Businesspeople busy boring eacli
other and calling it fun.

Constance returned with a glass of pale green slosh on the rocks. “Oh. please don‘t smoke “ she
pleaded. looking down at his cigarette as if it were a deadly weapon. “I've just given it up I‘ve
hidden all the ashtrays; please put it out." .

"0K." he said, wincing at a sip of Abisante. The doorbell played Mendelssohn.

"That must be the Herefords. I‘ll be back in a moment." Bill passed several clusters of
conversation and tossed his cigarette into the ﬁreplace. A group of older women' on the corner

0 O O O ‘ 

"Who?" 7 i , ‘ _ :

“Patton—Gorgeous George—you know. the tank'comrnander. He's Introdu _
ht: troops. right? There are lwrnly-lhlrty thousand of them. rlghtl Ho wslsgup to the
microphone, takes ojfhls helmet, a‘rd rays. 'men. I w-mo Introduce you to the noble." work of
God—aklllerl'” ' ' . v . j. r‘ . - _r ‘

" What really annoy: the is—do you know what he had thrnervcto tell Constam7Usten:" I

"Buckmlnster Fuller rays lhal (I there are unsuspected patterns In the untvrm, they must be
found in the data that do not ﬁt known putters. " ' _- ' ‘ .

" Yes. but you can carry that too for. You could wlnd up bellevlng In WHylltll'l"

“Let me tel/you something. [learned something durlng the war that I'Ilnever forget. Winston
Churchill put it in words—ll goes like thls: ‘Nothlng lnllfe ls so‘exhlllrallng as to be shot at
without result.’ “ .

"Did you hear about the girl that was murdered downtown?" .

" We're saving for a riding lawnmower. It comes wlth all kinds of attachments so we'll be able
to use it in the garden." ' ‘ ' '

"I didn't know you had a garden. "

"Oh. sure. Morse and I have a little earn. some tomatoes. strawberrles, that sort of thing. "

“Connie. you know I’d like to but—"

 

sofa littered. He wondered if the plastic logs were ﬂammable.

A clerk from the office approached him. smiled and asked how he was feeling. Hill said (hm he
was thinking about taking a vacation but the words must have come out garbled because the
clerk wrinkled his brow, sipped his drink and walked may without saying anything.

“BUT. B-U-T you‘re not feeling well. is that it?"

It’s A ‘Ritual’ At EBA

by Steve Snltzer

The word "ritual" metrns “u code
of symbolic religious ceremony.“
(Webster‘s) The multi-media
production "Ritual". written and
produced by Art Stidfolc. and
performed Saturday night at EBA
was a microscopic look at the human
animal, and his interaction with
other members of his species. The
code of ceremony included creation
of people. people being dominated.
people dominating people. and
being free. This ceremony was
portrayed by a pianist. ‘Stidfolc'.
two characters. and six buss singers.

EBA (Electronic Body Arts) is u
urge theatre-dance studio on
Central Ave. with tr hardwood dance
floor. scant decoration. and it
carpeted section for the audience. At
the outset of "Ritual". there were the
six singers. settled on the floor in one
corner of the room. dressed in black.

HELD OVER

Mottth M y L

COMSE EARLY!

MARCH 18, 1975

On the other side of the room sltt
Stidfolc. settled in front of his
"piano". dressed in brown. In the
middle. on a small oricntul rug. sot
the two characters. .Iouu Levy and
Lynn 'lolkoff. I'olkofl “ore black.
levy wore black and white.
Nobody moved around much
during the fifty minute piece. except
Ms. l'olkoff. \vhosc interpretive
dancing interacting with the mttsicul
sounds and textures produced by the
singers and later the piano.
portrayed lhc relationships and
processes ol the ritual ceremony.
Sometimes the sounds controlled
lolkoll us though she were u
ruurioncttc. and the sounds were like
strings ultttchcd to her limbs. At
other times. her motions were free.
grucclul. lllld sweeping. IIcr use of
widely di\ct‘sc mmcmcuts \\’lts
effective and at times \cr'y stirring.
The singers. augmented by urpcd

—Gene Shallt,NBC-TV

Hit
INE r32“

sounds of their own voices coming
from speakers around the room.
supplied most of the sound texture
for the piece. At times they made low
groaning noises. at other times they
spurred out short percussive sounds.

Most of the time 'I'olkoff was
neither lolully dominated nor totally
dominating. but somewhere in
hclwccn. struggling for freedom. or
being overcome by some new
clement.

Ms. l.c\y remained on the [Tour
the duration ol the piece. but fret
slow. suhllc. graceful movements
were consistently hctrutilul.

/\I one point. 'I'olkoff was
struggling to lrcc herself of her
L'I'ctttor' muhcr unugc. |.cvy. At
this point. I .‘\\ ktotll tl‘tstcrrifying
primal scream t"hlind" was the
word. though hurcly
dislmgurslurhlu). which was a real
climax of the first half of the piece at
lcusl.

Now Irccd from her creator.
lolkoll enjoyed her freedom it while.
then unimutcd the thus far
motionless Slidl'olc. lIc mirrors her
Ior some time. activating his
instrument when she gave him the
gesture. Iivcntultlly. Slidl'olc
rebelled uguinsl ’l'olkoff. won truc
freedom. and the piece was over.

The ritual in this performance in- I

volved being created. feeling the

“Well. I‘m tired. that‘s all. I—“
“Listen you bastard. I‘ve had enough of this. As far as I‘m concerned. you don‘t even exist! Get
the hell out of here!”

to be continued . . .

Al \II’l-R

The human struggle for power portrayed by a dancer In Art SIIdIoIe'a
"RIIuaI"

power of the creator. freeing oneself
of lhut power. and becoming ll
pmvcr oneself. In a way Slidfole is
telling us that life is a circle. a ritual
ceremony that we all go through. at-
taining varying degrees of freedom.
I‘m not sure that Ingree with the idea

ANNOUNCEMENT

 

per class),

 

I WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY

COLLEGE OF LIIW

OF ORANGE COUNTY
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST LAW SCHOOL

FULLY ACCREDITED BY THE COMMITTEE OF DAR
EXAMINERS OF THE STATE BAR OF CALIFORNIA

OFFERS A CHOICE OF FOUR
PROGRAMS OF LAW STUDY:

IN EITHER 2V, or 3 YEARS ol FULL-TIME law study
(15-16 classroom hours per week), or

IN EITHER 3V, or 4 YEARS cl PART-TIME day. evening,
at weekend law study I3 classes per week, 3-4 hours

You can earn your JURIS DOCTOR lJ.D.l degree and
become eligible to take the CALIFORNIA BAR EXAMINA-
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE
Dept. 74
Ill] North State College Blvd.
Fullerton, CA 92631
(Coordinate Campus.
Provisionally Accredited,
at l333 Front St.
San Diego, CA 92101)

FALL SEMESTER BEGINS AUGUST 28, T975
ALL rtocsms ALSO START IN JANUARY um
sruasutt IthtItl tot tromttv mwsro stunrut tom

 

' AFFROVED FOR VETERANS

of life us a power struggle. And
although hlcre were sections of the
piece where thctotul scene seemed to
luck cohesiveness. I lound that per-
lormuncc deeply moving all times.
and thought provoking. lhc treat—
ment lllttl development of the con-
cept was always interesting. and kept
the audience wondering what would
happen next.

Art Strdtolc is n bassoon player
and Composcron the SUNYA music
faculty. He has studied composition
at Iiustmund and the University of II-
hunts. and is presently working
towards it I’hd. at the latter school.
He will have two more of his corn-
positions pcrIormed this 'I‘hursdzty.
March 20. in ['16 PAC. at u program
featuring pieces by all four of the
composers on our SUNYA music
faculty .l. Chudubc. ll. Levy. 1).
(iihson. and Stidfolc.

mm *ilttbtlﬂlﬂlﬂlﬂlﬂlﬂlﬂlﬂk

I UNIVERSITY BARBER
s
srvuuo SHOP

The support that you
showed to us was
greatly appreciated.
SHOP HOURS:
Monday-Friday
8:30 tun-5:00 pm
SPECIAL
for students!

A $7.50 ster now only

$5 .50!

mwnuawm

 

dessert-Maintainers
PAGE ELEVEN

 

