 

“we  . .r,

,_~—~—.

‘-z w”“.. _

 

m m~

. um f w -_.‘.,..,~4 mwnvmrim MM «_ .., ‘u- - ...,.‘,.-.....-..‘ a.

ii
i
i
l
l
t

g.
l
l
i
l
I}.
l

». nv—‘Vtr: oozingﬁa-

_. '-<72~:,7,r..... . .

AA. RA .~ __.,.._ Cnpw-au...”

 z {5*

.M.A-—~Mw "A

~qu
_%7~.:~C.e

 

 

hither the History Pli I’ Only the Lawyers Kno

colleges, prolessional, technical and

other schools Section 13.2

provides that 'the commissioner may,

alter notice and opportunity to be
heard, rescind the registration ot any
institution which tails to maintain the
approved standard ol equipment and
instruction 'l'he relevant
provisions ot the Hegutations ot the

Commissioner. . .provide that 'every

cirriculum ottered in institutions ot

higher education must be registered."'

Provisions in the Education Law

enable the Hegents to adopt rules and

regulations to govern education.
Thin toe

the legal ice which the 'l'rustees
walk on is much thinner. they con-
tend, according to Hugh 'tuohey a
spokesman tor Hoyer, that "in the
absence ot rules and guidelines trom
which the SED could evaluate doc-
torate programs, and there are none in
our view, we don't leet there's any way
the SbD could make a judgment." in
that case, the argument goes, the
trustees must decide on the accep-
tability at any graduate program within
SUN Y.

the procedures by which the
trustees can evaluate SUN Y graduate
education are spelledoul in the Master
Plan, a voluminous document which
both the Hegents and the Governor
ratity every live years.

Well, the State University is totally
wrong," Nyquist said, "it they think we
cant change things except through
the master plan process. the Slate Uri»
iversin is snnpiy wrong. there are
other avenuesiwe run the accredita-
tion process, and t have said certain
programs aren't up to the quality We
expect in this state.

Nyquist came to the conclusion that
the Albany program was deticient as a
result 01 a state-wide doctoral review
begun last year. the review has its
origins in a study commissioned in
January, 19/2, and completed a year
later, called the t‘ieming Commission
Heporl on Meeting the Needs oi Doc-
toral Liducation in New York State.

the Commission wrote, "One major
reason tor the review ot priorities is the
serious tinanciai stress experienced by
the higher education community
generally and doctoral institutions par-
liculariy . . . in addition, the demand
tor doctorates . . has largely been
salistied. . . the Nation may betacmg
a glut oi doctorates in the next decade
.i d beyond in many lields, unless the
present rate 01 doctorate production is
moderated."

the CommiSSion recommended in
its report that a pilot program oi doc
loral review start with one pr'ograrri
lrom the humanities arid one lrom the
physical sciences. the Department‘s
AdVisory CounCil on Graduate ed uca
lion selected history and chemistry tor
the pilot study. those lamiiiar with the
Commissmn knew that their underly-
ing recommendation was to eliminate
some programs.

“it was understood when the review
began," a spokesman tor SUNY said,

by David Lerner
twill be glorious. it will be a
I battle ot concrete, and steel,
and marble, and Grecian
columns, and modern plastic . . . and
history. it it ever comes to pass, it will
outdo all the battles that downtown
Albany has ever seen, and it has seen
some ot the best. 'l'here have been
night-long battles in the legislature,
political maneuvering in the Capitol,
struggles within the bureaucracies in
the South Mall, and legal crises in the
ornate Court ot Appeals.

But when the educators go at it,
everything else was just a warm-up.
it the State University at New York
takes the State Education department
to court over yet another grand design
at architecture, SUNYA, all oi those
other principals will be glad they've
had the practice because, directly or
not, they'll all get involved.

Titania and Oberon

Like 'titania and Oberon lighting
over the custody oi the Changeling
boy, the New York State board 01
Hegenls, ultimate authority tor all
educational matters in the state, and
the State University ot New York board
oi trustees, ruling body tor all SUNY,
are lighting over the registration ol
SUNYA‘S History Ph.D program.

Or rather, the tack ot it.

Uri September 1, this campus was
removed lrom the statewide list at
History PhD programs registered by
the hducation Department. the etleci
ct that action is that should nothing be
done to reverse it before the last
graduate student completes the
program, the tradition ot a History Ph.D
at SUNYA will have ended, abruptly.

the disagreement which threatens
to result in an important court suit turns
on the questions ol who has the tinal
authority over graduate education in
the State University, and how is that
authority exercised.

White the prime mobile behind the
maneuvering are the Hegenls and the
trustees, the public tigures who
vocalize the debate are the State
Education Commissioner, bwald i5.

Nyquist, 'and the State University
Chancellor, Ernest Boyer. tech is the
chiet administrative otticer ol his
respective board, and each has been
adamant on the question ol legal
authority. As Commissioner, Nyquist
holds most ol the trump cards, but
boyer is trying to prove that he has the
ace.

the trustees, through boyer, con-
tend that their action in allirming the
continued development oi the doctoral
program in history at Albany is lutty
conSislenl With their responsibilities,"
as the governing board tor SUN Y.

Statutes in the bducalion Law agree
that the trustees govern SUNY, but
Hobert Stone, Counsel to the Depart-
ment, Cites other relevant laws. He-
quested by Nyquist to establish the
legal precedent behind the

Department's deCiSlon to de—regisler,
"Section 13.1 oi the Hules (ot the
Hegents) provides that ’the Come
: iissioner shall establish regulations "that some program somewhere was
governing the tottowing: a) the going to get out. it was inherent in the
registrahor ll courses ol study in nature oi the evaluationlhalinalimeot

PAGE rOURTEEN

decreasing enrollment and tight
budgets, that the weak programs were
going to be pruned and eliminated."

the Commission outlined their ma-
jor goals tor the tuture oi graduate
education, and it was their secondary
objective which led to the present state
oi antagonism.

Along With maintaining the quality
programs, it said, "A second major ob-
jective. . . should be utilization oi New
York 5 total resources ior doctoral
education in a more economical, el-
liCient, and etteclive way. this means
the reduction oi unnecessary duplica-
tion and competition in the Slate s
system oi doctoral education."

_ internal Review Suggested

it went on to suggest that each
college conduct an internal review,
and in the case at SUNY, a system-
Wide reView. "it is apparent," it said,
that some doctoral programs are ex-
('esstvely costly in terms oi benelits to
the institution or students. the tacuity
may be too small or the students loo
lew tor an elteclive program."

l'o accomplish its goals, the Hegenls,
should have a general policy ol con-
centrating programs at a relatively
limited number oi institutions in the in-
terest ot both highest quality and the
most etlicient and economical use oi
limited resources."

"the Hegents should," the Commis-

ASPECTS

 

glxi1l;5ti Il-llf‘é
>76

75
Wm All,

Ilmttli

  v.1 ,

. E .. ,
State Education Commissioner EWBtd . Nyquist, upper left, and State University
Chancellor Ernest Boyer, lower nth t- y haveto go to court to settle the question 0t

who has jurisdiction over the SU

sion said, establish
mittees to rowew the (llirtltl',
need tor doctoral programs in :11:th lea
disc1plinary areas. Unly
meeting standards ot present orimlt'll
tiai high quality, and need, should rm
oliered , . . Programs Willlliltl lliils't‘
quaiiiicalions should not ln- sill
ported.
in August ot 1U'/.t, suvr-n nu

alter the i‘ieming Heport wrist it '-
ed, the Hegents issued l'osrlr .n l‘tll‘t'i

31E) basnraity a restatemnni it 2:21-
reporl, and an outline oi lllt" stwtf
which the state would take in iiiil‘-"
merit l‘leillilleS suggestions

Point by point, the liULl'L’lllli i it” 4"“
the Commission's liil(llil(}ﬁ, iliivl tin‘i
added one oi their own lim-i' '
separate the wheat in mi itim'lriil
programs,’ they said, wril twirl-ii will!
one oi three categorin is: a) lllllll liltittt'i‘
and need » to he i” 1“
lermediale quality anti riuu<l iH 1'“
put on probation tor .5 years and
reViewed again, and c) lllrlkltz‘tllmw
quality and need ~to be phaswt will
over an appropriate period ol 11me

Only two tiislory programs lil Ilmt
last description, SI iohn'sand Alllilli‘j’
St. Johns is swallowmg the pill, but
Albany is coughing it back in the
Hegents' tace.

to implement the Commissions
prescription tor a stalesponsored dis-

Hill‘i‘til: *« in

.i «inti

if» ultttlttS

Sllsllllllt'tl,

 

,' A History Department PhD program.

cipline rte-evaluation in hisrory and
chemistry, the Hegents established the
Uilice oi the Doctoral Project. it was
decided that the best way to obtain an
Objective diagnOSis was to go onlSide
the slate tor quatilied personnel. tn a
two—step process, a site Visziing learn (a
tact-tinding unit to cond'ict inlerViews
With tacuity and students and report
tirst hand on the procram under
reView) and a rating committee (to cull
reports trom all universnies) would
evaluate all iniormalion gathered tor
the reVieW.

Commismoner Nquiist, in a report to
the Hegenls in April oi this year.
describing how the indiViduai reVieW~
mg units would operate. At all stages
oi the reView process, we have include
ed representatives oi both in-stale and
Quiet-stale groups in the hope oi
balancing their contributions: alter the
out-ot-slale Vigitors make their report,
the involved institution is requestele
respond iirsi on questions oi tact and
then on issues oi judgment, criteria
and context: alter the outside rating
committee report With individual
recommendations is submitted to me,
individual institutions, and the Doc-
toral Council (an in-slnte advisorY
group 01 14 graduate deans) are asked
to present their responses and com-
mania, and the Council makes its OWn
recommendations to me. hurt her, once

the Council has made its recommen-
dalions, the institutions are inVited
once more to adVise me oi any plans
and priorities which they have ellec-
ting the program under renew. it has
been our assumption that this open
and balanced procedure is necessary
tor due process and good planning."

Uri March '/and b, 19/4, the Albany .

Site Visiting team at Drs. Hoberl Cross oi
the University oi Virginia and Joel
Cotton oi Duke University conducted
their revrew oi the History Ph.D on
campus. Opinions by boyer and Ny-
quist split as to exactly what that team,
and later the Doctoral Councrl, said
about tin-SUNYA program. According
to Boyer, it seems urimistakablyclear
that the overall thrust oi this Ot‘t‘Sllevtsll
was a positive one, suggesting many
more strengths than weaknesses and
urging that the departnieni move
aggressively ahead."

Nyquist, however, quoted other
parts oi the Site team's report, and then
trom the Hating Committee's summa-
tion. "the (History) Department reach-
ed its maximum size tour years ago
and has experienced a rnodesl decline
ol three or tour people since then. the
number ot graduate teitowships and
assistantships have declined trom a
peak oi 28 (in 1970-71) and has now
stabilized at about iitteen annually.
'l'hese declines rellect the tapering oti

ot SUNY Albany's growth. . .'l‘he Un-
iversity laces a series ot no—growth
budgets in the next tew years, and
there seems little likelihood that ad-
ditional positions will be allocated to
the History Department.
No Room For Improvement
Nor are additional tacuity positions
needed. Sincethe program' 5 inception
13 years ago, only live Ph.D’s have
been awarded, compared to bingham-
ton's eight year old program which has
produced 15 degrees, and Stony
brook‘s 10 year old program with 25
PhDs in tact, there is hardly any room
tor additions to the department, tor, as
Nyquist points out, every lull and
associate prolessor is tenured, with
15% tenured over all. in addition,
where the Hating Committee
recommended stability in the chair-
manship, the History Department has
had three chairmen in tour years.
Along with stability, the SED has es-
tablished certain criteriaiorevaluating
PhD programs (these were criteria
which the site teams were supposed to
base their observations on, unlike
general guidelines which SUNY Cen-
tral says are iion-eXistenl).Among the
criteria were, "1) High quality students
in sulliCient number to attord oppor-
tunity tor interaction in seminars and
outSIde oi class. . .4) racutty capable
oi prOViding high quality research
training, eVidenced by the extent to
which tacuity members have carried
out Signilicanl research and published
the results. i‘or directing dissertations,
tacuity were expected to have produc
ed a substantial body oi scholarship
demonstrating a broad mastery in an
area With a shaping upon the tieid."

Albany's particular weakness in
these two areas were highlighted in a
letter to the Chancellor on June 12,
19/1) trom Commissmner Nyquist. Ac—
cording to the Hating Committee and
Doctoral Connoil, he Wrote,‘ themajor
dehcrenCies which were identitied in
the program, as outlined. . . are. . x

t. the tacuity is not highly produc-
tive or prominent; only one prolessor is
nationally recognized as a leading
authority in one oi the’ broad lields oi
history.

2. the doctoral student population is
very small; there is not a sullicienl
number oi students to provide either
tor elteclive seminars or lor the kind 01
out oi class learning indispensable tor
lledgiing histonans.”

White the interpretations oi the Doc»
toral CouriCit 5 report are bandied
back and lorth, SUNY Central Ad»
ministration is preparing its possible
case lrom the approach that the
Department 5 move to de-register was
arbitrary without preViousty establish-
ed guidelines. ‘t'he trustees argue that
the History PhD is essential to SUN Y's
status as a University Center, even
assuming the program is a weak one.

Nyquist Emphatic

Uri the issue ol guidelines, the Com-
missioner is emphatic. He pointed to
criteria printed in the Fleming Heport,
others in Position Paper #19, instruc~
lions issued to the site visiting teams,
the Hating Committee, and to each

ASPECTS

department being evaluated “l tind in-
sulticient potential in the history
program at SUNY Albany to justity its
continuance," he said. ‘.

"i understand," Nyquist wrote Boyer
in April, "and respect the legal respon-
sibilities ot the SUN Y board ot trustees
and other boards ot trustees. i am also
aware ot my own and the Hegents'
responsibilities. . . 'l'o surrender this
responsibility (to register graduate
programs) to any other group or in-
dividual would be an abnegation cl
their (the Hegenls'l authority and not in
the public interest."

So whilethetwo educators light it out
within the carpeted halls ot the twin
towers and the Stone tloors ot the State
hducalion building, their lawyers are
negotiating the potential suit. it one
surlaces, and due to the time element,
November is probably deadline, it will
be SUNY Central doing the suing.‘the
options short ot a court case don‘t
appeal to the trustees. Spokesmen see
only two other alternatives: total ac-
quiescence, (described as "nol a

viable, alternative"), or a major
overhaul oi the Ph.D program.

towards that end, SUNYA President
lLinmet rields hired three out-ol-slale
consultants to draw up plans to
redeSign the History program.

but Nyquist isn't making any
promises. 'lhe only assurance l've
given to rields or boyer," he said, 'is
that when they show substantial im-
provement, they can be i‘e-registered.
Proposals by consultants are one thing,
putting them to practice is another.
Getting the money tor any im-
provements is their major obstacle."

Carey Kept Abreast

Governor Hugh Carey, according to
both sides, is being kept abreast ot the
developments through his stall and his
counsel, iuddah Gribelz. the Gover-
nor appomts the SUNY trustees, and
the state legislature elects the Hegenls.
State law controls the behavior oi both
educational groups, sothe Governor’s
interest is keen.

A spokesman tor Carey said that he
' is a releree. We haven't made a value
judgment, we're just trying to get the
parties logethertotalk and avoid a law-
suit. We're trying to keep 'em otl each
other's necks and keep 'em out ol court
. . . that's the tirst thing."

Nyquist says his oltice is not gearing
up tor a suit, though they are prepared
tor that eventuality. the Chancellor's
oilice also says they are trying to avoid
a sun, though blood is hotter in their
lWin JOWers complex than over at the
Slate tducalion building. Herbert
McArthur, an Assistant Vice
Chancellor, said, "W here there are
laws, there are court cases, though that
is not a statement on whetherthere will
be a court case." Hugh 'l'uohey, a
boyer spokesman, said "Nyquist has
not expressed any satistactory middle
ground, and the trustees are not
prepared to acquiesce. i don't think
there is much chance ot avoiding a
suit.”

Uno administrator at SUNY Central
said that it the case goes to court, "it'll
be like a pot ot boiling oil. i wouldn't
want to step in it."

PAGE HFTIIN

 

