 

  
 
 
 
   
   

subpoened by federal
crime investigator's.
' MacMshon gave the PSC 29 days

ﬂaw

 

may:

, phone bills a variety of information.
,; suchas patients of contacts, links to

   

other persons arid places and tips

' toward new evidence of criminal ac-

tivity.

t t
e tinsot'SI.000a

y. A: y ' I , ,
“ ttheiiIererastit'sausurpingof
powers of Congress and the federal
courts.” MacMahon declared. “It
would seem to me‘that the Public
Service Commission might better
spend its 'time protecting the con-
suming public and its principal
business of regulating monopoly and
ituates." '

 

Quinlan’s Condition ‘Grotesque’

MORRISTOWN, NJ. (AP) A
neurologist who specializes in the
treatment of coma victims said
Thursday that Karen Anne

Quirtlan's physical condition wastoo
grotesque to describe. but said no
physician has the right to take steps

. that could end her life.

A Now [)tmt‘nsrtm rr\(‘tm‘rt\.\ Luxury
ilrlllllIttll'rt.lltlrrlllt‘.l1rliriitHill iii)t)i'

Nightly at
7:l5.9:00'- 1 '

sacs TWO

 

The testimony was by Dr. Sidney
Diamond. one of three neurologists
presented by attorneys opposing a
request by Miss Quinlan's adoptive
parents that doctors be ordered to
disconnect a respiratorto“lct herdie
with dignity."

The trial recessed until Monday.
when more medical testimony will be
presented.

Dr. Diamond testiﬁed that Miss
Quinlan will never regain thought or
control of her body and that she rests
in a hospital intensive care unit with
her legs and arms drawn to her body
in a way. "too grotesque to describe
in terms of the fetal position."

Miss Quinlan. 2|, has been in a
coma for six months and her parents
assert they have the rightto remove
extraordinary medical procedures
that keep their daughter alive
beyond hope.

NYPIRG

continued from page one
students in this long and often
tedious survey. " Students are I'iuan~
cing and runtring this organization.
They should realize the impact that
they can have and are having on our
legal system". she said.

The committee. chaired by
Senator I'isani. will new draft It bill
concerning the requirement of in-

dividual product labels. and further

hearings will he held to decide if and
when such a bill will be brought to
the ﬂoor of the legislature for a
general vote. NYI’IRG will probably
testify at these hearings also.
Washington said. .

ALBANYSTUDENT Pages

t

on, A m , _ 8W M. n“ r 
trump muons, NJ. (as) The Security Cdtincii adopted a resolution

   
  
  
    
     
    
  
   

 
   

. ‘my‘umwinﬂm mandate of the U.N. Emergency Force in the‘Sinai buffer

zone for a full  The vote was Iii-0, with Chin's and Iraq not‘participrrting.
Iraqi Ambassador Karim Ai-Shaikhly said he did not take part in the vote
because the renewal only gave Israel “more time to- consolidate" its
occupation of Arab territory. There was no Chinese explanation. Without
council action. the mandate would have expired Friday at midnight.
Cabinet Considers Dusting Franco"

MADRID,SpaIn (AP) Gen. Francisco Franco is showing signs of heart
failure, his doctors said Thursday night. “The chief of state has suffered a
relapse and incipient heart failure has appeared." a statement from 11
attending doctors said. The medical bulletin. opened the way under the
Spanish constitution for Franco to be declared incapable of continuing as
Spanish ruler. Highly placed sources said Premier Carlos Arias Navarro‘s
cabinet'met late into the night Thursday inan attempt to initiate a transfer or
power from 2Franco to the Prince Juan Carlos de Borbon, his designated
successor.

Eugenio. Montan Awarded Nobel Prize

STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) Eugenio Montale. Italy‘s grand old poet or'
nature, love, and solitude was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature on
Thursday by a sharply divided Swedish Academy of Letters. The 79-year old
Montale. often a candidate and said to be the choice of older members ofthe
academy. won over 60-year-old U.S. novelist Saul Bellow, the most serious
contender. informed sources said. Bellow vacationing in Israel, said: “It's
very nice that Eugenio Montale won the Nobel prize. I'm not disappointed.
There‘s plenty of time to win it yet." .

House Committee Approves Tax Reductions
WASHINGTON (AP) The House Ways and Means Committee on
Thursday approved its chairman‘s proposed $12.7 billion I976 extension of
general I975 personal income tax reductions. The action. on a ZI-to-Io vote.
came after the committee killed ideas for making this tax cut extension
contingent on a limit on federal government spending f orthe next fiscal year.
President Ford has said repeatedly he will veto any tax reducing bill that does
not contain such a spending ceiling. The proposal. by Rep. Al Ullmnn. l)-
0re.. was accepted as part ofthe wide-rangingtax bill which the committee Is
preparing for presentation to the full House next month.

Abzug Forced to Postpone Hearing

WASHINGTON (AP) Stymied by pressure from the Ford administration
and by the failure of some key witnesses to appear. Rep. Bella Ahzug, l)-
N.Y.. today postponed a hearing into allegations the government has
regularly monitored overseas cable traffic. The hearing was called to probe
efforts by U.S. intelligence agencies tolook at and obtain copies f 0 cables and
telex messages addressed to some foreign embassies and countries.
committee aides said. A telex message is transmitted by way of tcletypc
printers on telephone lines.

Comfort Sued tor $3.08 Million

LOS ANGELES (AP) Dr. Alex Comfort. author of “The Joy of Sex“ rind
“More Joy of Sex“ is being sued for 33:08 million by the Center for the St url)
of Democratic Institutions. A spokesman for the Santa Barbara-based center
said the federal suit contends Comfort wrote “More Joy," a sequel to “ lhc
Joy." to induce prospective purchasers to bypass the first book, allowing
Comfort to avoid sharing its proceeds. The center was to receive 20 per cent
of the proceeds of the first book but was left out ofanysharcfrom the sequel.
the suit said. The center is an organization of various scholars and
researchers.

Semich Helps Bail Out New York City

NEWPORT. R.l. (AP) Temperence Semich. being a neighborly sort.
donated $5 to New York City to help it otrt of its staggering multi-million
dollar debt. Mrs. Semich said she never lived in New York but thinks of the
city as a neighbor in need. She received a letter of thanks from New York
Mayor Abraham Beame thanking her for the “expression of energy and
perserverance which is the foundation of American society." Mrs. Semicb
sat .

Carey Fires Sgagllone From Board

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Al Sgaglionc. who filed the lawsuit which blocked
(iov. Hugh Carey‘s plans for the mandated use of pension finals to bail on!
New York City. has been fired by Carey from a state board. Sgttglionc. licml
ofthe Police Conference of New York. has served ttsrtn unsularied member oi
the state Crime Control Planning Board for five years. The Police
Conference. an organization of police unions, brotrght a successful still
hclort the Court of Appeals earlier this month striking doWIi a law \Villt'il
required the investment of various public-employee pension fund in it il .l
billion rescue plan for the city.

Boyer Announces Cutbacks ior SUNY

ALBANY. N-V- (AP) The State University Board of Trustees declared .r
moratorium Thursday on all new university construction-incltitling HM
proposed PEOJWIS lhﬂt would cost $156 million. In announcingthe ilCltUII.
State University Chancellor Ernest Boyer also said student enrollrncno
would be frozen at fulltime colleges and‘unchrsitles operated by the slate.
'Ihe chancellor said the university would also examine projects llll'L‘illl)‘
included in the state budget or already under way for possible further

. cutbacks.

OCTOBER 24, 1975

 

 

 
 
  
  

:‘Lby Perry Slver , r
’; “It takers lot of patience to listen .

to me.Y' sisted guest speaker Earl
Royit. and then he spent the next
hoq‘r proving it. ' ' '

‘ Last Witdrtesday aleLeturtr 'spon- ,

sored by‘the English Department

featured Rovit. an‘ author and
professor at CUNY.‘The theme for '

the lecture was: "Some Truths. Half

. Truths and Lies About the’Lost

Generation}: 2

Rovit. a. white-haired. pipe-
smoking man of about 50. described
himself in his distinct Boston accent
as “a 19th century man at heart.“ His
style seemed to reflect that sedate
self-image. as heread his entire lec-
ture verbatim from a set of papers he
had prepared. It was very complex
and very hard-to-follow, loaded with
.long. twisted sentences and needless-
ly difficult words. “I end up writings

very denser elegant prose," he ex-. »

plaincd. “it tends to be opaquer in-
coherent." It was as if he were con-
sciously trying to “out-Buckley"
William F. Buckley. ’

The main point which Rovit was
driving at was that the famous “lost
generation" of writers and artists
who ﬂocked to Europe in the 1920‘s
(Hemingway, Faulkner. Fitzgerald.
Gertrude Stein and others) were not

 

Dianne Fiche was elected to thc
SASU Student Assembly with.
I28 votes in the special election
which ended yesterday. Bob
O'Brien received 97 votes; Bart
Minsky received 73. Pichd will
.take SUNYA‘s seat which was
vacated by Gary Bennett last

  
 

,edl but” by.
g'domesticity" of their.

 

 

month.

 

societal roots

Protestant upbringing
edthe war. vit‘co H V
tricate sociological framework to
show how/the family backgrounds of
the members of the“lost generation"
disillusioned them and helped shape
theiryiew of peoplein general. which
they exhibited in characters they
later created in their novels. “It

. would have made no difference if the

United States had. not entered
WWI." Rovit explained. “Actually.
it was a God-sent opportunity for
them to flee from intolerable famin
situations to the tune of the Star
Spangled Banner.“

He went on to say that they were a
brilliant generation which would
have been full of creative despair

regardless of the historical event.

which preceded it. In addition. they
were actually very conservative.

\ elitist. class-conscious. and -kept

strictly within their cli'que——a far cry
from the "progressive thinkers” label
which has often been attached to
them. '

Rovit has written three novels:
Far Out, Crossings. and The Player
Kind. and three critical works onthe
writings of Ernest Hemingway. Saul
Bellow. and Elizabeth Madox
Roberts. V -

Wednesday's lecture was the se-
cond in a series sponsored by the
English Department. The next one
will be on Thursday. October 30th,
at 4:00 in HU 354. Murray Schwartz
will be the speaker on the topic:
“I’aradines of I’sycho~analytic
Criticism."

 

MW

 

We've been in the picture business along time— ever since taking
pictures came about. For truly experienced phOl -linishing, together
WIli‘t excellent quality at low prices, come to GA
Your total communications center. all under one rooil '

printing-eopioo- art and droning auppiloa
photo processing

 

lit-“N

rintExpressl'.‘

Fast lmpsnsivsly.
it“ Western Avenue
was

    

 
    

 
   
   
   

  

 
 

 

  

 
 
 
  

    

Author. critic and CUNV proiossor East iIovIt spotto Wednesday about the “Lost Gestation.“

Liqubr Laws Eased At Colleges

to drink in their rooms last summer. The new rule ,at
Orgeon State forbids drinking in public places like
lounges or dining halls.

The Oregon policy also forbids drunkenness. But
enforcement efforts are not likely to be rigorous. The

by Cynthia Crossen

(CPS) - While the specter of alcoholism is haunting
more college campusesthese days. many universities are
relaxing their rules prohibiting drinking in residence
halls and campus bars.

In recent months. universities in at least four states
have edged toward or approved limited drinking on
campus. One of the arguments frequently given for
liberalized on-campus drinking policies is that drinking
in dorm rooms is so widespread that it might as well be
legal.

University admisistration. to keep track of who‘s
drinking and how much.

The right to drink in a dorm room hasn‘t been as
easily won at other schools. Students at Marshall
University in Huntington. WV are battling the
University administration just'for the privilege of
drinking 3.2 beer on campus. According to West
Virg'nia law. 3.2 beer is not intoxicating.

Problem Drinkers Statistics

In fact. one out of every 20 college students is a
problem drinker according to statistics of the
Department of Health. Education and Welfare. And
almost half the college students surveyed recently by a
Chicago-based advertising agency said they bought '
carry-out liquor at least once a month.

That liquor can now be consumed in the privacy of a
student's own dorm room at Oregon State University,
where students 2| years and older were given permission

. beeﬁng/ass
Art Deco

fashions and furnishings
IS] ‘lc'IIIQ Street, Albany

Mom-Gal. “800—5800

campus since I969. Until last spring. it was up to the
University president to decide whether students could
drink on campus. For a few monthsthis summer. liquor
was prohibited on all West Virginia campuses. but the
' Marshall University president has the final say once
again and students have “some hope of approval.”

  
 
 

University is counting on the “living groups." not the '

Marshall students have been pushing for 3.2 beer on ‘

 

 

 

    

HELP US HELP YOU

The Office of Student Life is administerin
a bus survey to identify specific problem
areas related to the SUNYA buses.

The more responses we have, the more
, solid footing we’ll be on as we try to

r respond to your needs. M0,“ 1
r.. . ... .5@>@%
Stop by Campus Center 130,9  i
t and fill out the survey.

 

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER 24, 1975

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

   

    
   
     
  

 

 

 
 
 
  
 

  
  
 

  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
 

 

 

   
  
   
  

      
      
    
   
 
  
 
   
    
     
  
    
 
   

