 

 by Brian‘Cahill

I am told that trivia is a sport very
much in style these days. It seems to be
played everywhere, though it usually
finds its home at large dorm parties
where a discussion of alternate energy
sources would not be welcomed.

It is a simple sport. The only
equipment a player needs is a quick
memory for all the tiny fragments of
information that make up the past.

The fun of the game comes in
tormenting your opponent with a
question he can't answer. The
spectators state as the victim writhes in
pain while he scavanges his mind for

the elusive solution to the riddle, "Who‘

was the umpire when Don [arisen
pitched the only perfect game in a
World Series?" In a fit of frustration he
falls to his knees awaiting the
inevitable Victor’s merciless blow:
“Babe Parilli”, and it is done!

in no way is this game restricted to
the world of sports. The field of music
often servesas the battleground for two
willing opponents. These music
maniacs can be found engaged in fast
combat in a room flooded with
melodies from the past. asking the
musical question, "How old was Paul
Anka when he wrote ‘Diana'?"

The musical answer: a mere boy of
14 Yearétfllililulfll‘Jt)

The coming of age of television
opened up a new arena for trivia fans,
within, moments a new breed of
gamesmenjh appeared. Thus.
challenges to whistle the theme

ll

songs from “Leave it to Beaver" or "The
Donna Reed Show" caused many
people to lose hours of sleep (not to
mention their roommates who had to
withstand outbursts of whistling at all .
hours of the morning).

A T.V. show made it big when it had
its own set of trivia questions. Example:
lames T. Kirk, captain of the Starship
"Enterprise" of 'Starka" fame. What
did the "I" stand for ? Correct
response: "Tiberius (as any self-
respecting Klingon could tell you).

My personal claim to fame involved
the slumping of a panel of soap-opera
experts with the morsel of information
that it we 5 Phil Capece of “The Edge of
Night" who was married to Louise
Grimsley, daughter of Winston
Grimstey, etc., etc.

As it appears to me, trivia is enjoyed
because of the feeling one gets in
knowing that you, and you alone, are
the possessor of some ancient, lost fact.
How little the value is of no
consequence, for the value lies not in
the knowledge, but in the ability to
answer the unanswerabte. (Sounds
much like classroom education).

The following trivia qinz has not
been contrived in an elicit to sharpen
wits or skills at playing the game. it was
composed in an effort to heighten
awareness of this university, for the
problem, you see, is that sometimes we
associate great importance with trivial
things, while associating triviality with
some things that might be well worth
knowing.

l) The architectural design or the uptown 5) The architect of thc uptown campus was:
campus is known as: A) lidward Durrell Stone

A Modem Romantic It) Edward Durrell Stoned

l!) Early American l’haltic Cl Edward Durrcll Sober

C) lttank Mcdiocriy D) Edward Durable Loam

l)) Aaargti!

(i) this tilllltill‘t rllfITHtL‘L‘l also ttL‘MldllL'tl

/\l | utequ (ruler of Performing Arts.
N.Y.('

It) l)t:lltt|l

C) MacDonald's townhouse

2) The uptott ti campus was recently seen on a
nationwide t V eonniicrcial for:

A) .laititor ill at t)rum

it) U.S. Stccl

C) (ieritol

l)) t'otidcnl

J) 'l he StJNY motto is:
A) “to each his own“
It) "Lt-t each become a pcztctt"
(') "let each become aware"
1)) "Not tonight. I tltl\t.' indigestion"

7) This is a photograph of:
A) the Walloon
It) I ()IHS t. Ilene/ct. UtlqulallV t‘rcsitlcnt
(') Itmt Reynolds

-l) 'l tllh u. it photograph ol:
A) l'atiick ('tiritui, S.A I’m».
ll) Ron leiglci‘
(f) Agnes Moorehciitl

at the Albany State school colors ate.
\4‘ \'-tlllt' and thllt‘
.- mic .oitl gin)
« .g-my and gray
to l'tll|llC and gold

 

PAGE 8P

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FEBRUARY 18 1975

' To the‘ Editor:

leuem

A Question of Pride

The ASPeditorial. “Stealing From Peter."
(Feb. l4) was minimal in its insight. lts
recognition of a need for stipend reform was
perhaps its only valid point.

The most heinous assumption made was
that of students not wanting to “put in those
marginal hours of work to perfect a task, when
they will receive nothing in return for it.“ We
regret that the editorial writers on the ASP
have never heard of pride. One of their
representatives at last Wednesday's Central
Council meeting made the point that the ASP
was considered by many to be the best student
newspaper in the SUNY system. If monetary
considerations (550 it semester‘rfll) are
responsible for the quality of student
activities. then we need to rc—cvaluiitc not just
stipend policy. butalso the philosophy behind
student involvement in general.

Work as its own reward is perhaps too
idealistic a concept for some. but let us remind
the students that $18.000 of their mandatory
tux monies is going for many services which at
other schools are provided solely out of
student pride.

Academic credit is one alternative method
of compensating the student for his time. A
community service or 'intcrnship type
program. if anything. would encourage
greater involvement in student activities. if
students are presently “turning away from SA
simply to do better on their grade poitit
average.“ a very questionable claim. the ASI’
would beforch into arguing for even greater
stipends. Three credits, even if it means going
tltrougli the hassle of getting independent
study credits. is a much brighter alternative.

The assertion that Student Association
ought to demonstrate “value within it worth
caring about" is an accurate claim. but
stipends as ti means to that end is merely a
willingness to allow the .t'IfllllJ' qtm. an
admittedly poor system. to pcrpctutttc itself.
Something blatatly missing in the ASI'
editorial was even the faintest suggestion of a
substitute solution.

It the ASP would like to know ltow an
organization cart function well and effectively
without stipends. we suggest that they take a
walk to State Quad and ttilk to a title niqu
attcndcnt at Five Quad Arnbtilancc Service
and ask liitn what him motivation is. Mind
you. we have not suggested the elimination of
all stipends. but rather a substantial cutting
back.

Finally. the ASP. which enjoys a virtual
media ntonopoty on this campus. has an
obligation to he reasoned and responsible.
Printing an editorial full of sheer :tShcl'lltitts.
unsubstantiated by f'ttctsttppeuring iii the .13‘]'
or anywhere else. constitutes an instance ol
ttbdieatitig that responsibility. We tear that. Ill
this case. the ASI’ is quite possibly guilt) of
telling personal interest interfere with
inlormcd judgement.

Rick Meetich
l d (lite)
Mink t|:tnitttci
Stu- t choll
Null ()‘(iiuuot

Word Sotod

To the Editor:

Your article "lfttsinessttit'u ('ouh-t \mul
LttVisti Luncheon" (/tSl’. l‘L‘l‘lllltlH It) Is d
journalistic disgrace. ft lb coniptunhlt- lo .i
Hollywood gossip column but dot". not gov
the reader any adequate lltttilltlrtlltili about
the conference/\ttctall,\tliot'atr-otlmm1hr
entrees that \\L‘IL‘ witcrl ttltllll)! Itlt‘ hunhmo
oi the IUlillltiItutttp t1t't\\t’t'll lltt‘ .llltt l. x ‘.\|I|t|
5“th mute other )UllltldttNt" \\\itllt ».|t.ltt tun
nothing to sink yoitt teeth toto'

It the Icportet ttomoot likctioxtiuoi l .tti‘\
(whom.- reccnt tltfllrillh tlt|\t‘ t'thiltlIt\ ltli room
lot Cllltclbtlll). licshoutd take tun tmu' .md
took into certain matters, tot tll‘tlnlnt' the
Ptl'sonut use of State- t'lllb by Ittet .ot \. Milltt)

FEBRUARY 1. 8, 1975

and its friends. He might be able to fill page:
and would quite probably raise more interest.
especially since our tax money is involved.

However, he should also have kept in rrtind
that this conference‘s topic was the relation
between the European Communities
(Common Market) and 'New York State. He
could have spcntti few minutes and consulted
an encycloped'ur which. for example. would
have told him that:

(l)Mr. Jens Otto Krag cannot be “very
German“ since he is ti Danish citizen and was
for many years Denmark‘s Prime Minister.
No other person has had such an impact on
Denmark‘s political and economic evolution
since World War It than Mr. Krag. His social
reforms could serve as a great model for the
United States.

(2) The Common Market has become by far
the world‘s leading center of international
trade. Nowadaysalmost hatfofthe total world
trade is made by the EEC! Do you see now
why it would have been interesting for your
readers to get a more adequate report?

By the way. if the reporter really wants to
initiate the supposedly (icnnan tieccnt of Mr.
Krag.hc better llHlCll more carefully next time!
His phonetic reproduction is anything out
accurate.

Werner H. Settleiffcr
Economics Department

An Equal Voice

To the Editor:

the Albany .S'Iurlr'li/ Prints on January 24th
carried a letter to the editor headlined “Public
Deception" authored by Steve Rcdlcr. This
letter containch many inaccuracies and
innuendo: ahottt the (iallo t'armworkcrs. and
its tar as can be determined no one at (itttlo
was contacted by ttiettutlior t'orvcrilieutinn or
comment. Mr. Redtct' isdisputingtticftict that
the majority ol (iritlo's I99 ltirmworkcrs
signed it petition asking (ititlo to negotiate
“till the tCtImSlL'IS for them. The U.F.W.
contract it uh (iutto expired on April IX. 1973;
tilt days later. on .ltitie 25. 1973. the t'eutnstcrs
Union adt LSth (iallo they could supply proof
that they represented the majority of (iiitlo
latmttorkcrs. When (ialto notified Cesar
(‘hatc/ ol the tcamstcrs‘ claim. instead of
presenting \tol‘k‘crh signatures. as the
tctltitslel's did. Ml. ('htttc/ called for a strike
and boycott on June 27. I97}. Only ()9 ol' the
t‘l‘) (iatlo ttlllll\\ttl't\Cl'S tcll work. ()it .ttilyolti.
1971. afth \L'llt)lllg signatures of
itl'lll\\lilt\L‘lh. Mir/Intuit: I/imi'u'lto Ic/i t)ll./llllt'
Jon. the llllllttl’ll) of all tiallo tarmworkcrs
iequcstctt tctttnstct representation.
Subsequently. lotit tmtto flll'lll\\‘ttl'ltCl'S.
loiuiei t‘.l- \\. members. “mixed on the
negotiating conuiiillce it ill) the Ictttmtei‘s. An
.tgtt'enient \tith LtlIlCtllttt'lt \\lltl the tL‘ltlllthfS
on .ttlt\ ttlttt PH tl.l\\ aim the t' t' W.
Ullltlth'l h.ul coined lllIS Ulllllltt'l \\.l\
i.ttilicd t)\ .t ‘.tilt‘ ol 15.x to t

In the tL'lllthlL'l contract It IS \\||llt.'ll “ t lie
I ompitm shalt be .i part) to .i single and
lllllttillll tlt'.|tltl .uul \\t'ttlllL' plan for eligible
L‘lllltttl\t't‘\ .llltt lticn [aunties \thtcli pl'tnltiL‘S
Ilit- \.t|llt‘ ttL'llt'tlt\ .n the \"L'jtt'llt (il't)\\’t:l'.\
'\S\lltiltltl‘ ttnsi Plan It). and the cost of such
|\|.tti \\ltt tlt’ tuituc t1\ the ( tilll|lilll\ "

tttt‘ tltlttii t .ttuntoikct Health Plan t'tl\t,'t\
not ooh ttu- lutniuoiket. lint t|l\ttL‘]\Clltlt‘llt\
.1» \\.II to \t‘lllPdttll)‘ lltt' (uttlo te‘.|ltl\lL‘|
tIr .Itltl pl.ut \tlSll» ttlt‘t t \\ llt'.ltftl tiL‘ltt‘tlh.
Ito Iiiitituoitrt llllitt‘l the lt'illtt\tt'l t'iuittai'l
rl|l\ iltulot III hmpttal to get

lutlri Ilu t t \\ plan the

lll.|‘ t‘rl t-i

ttltltlt 'l i 't
"Ti"

[1,. \llv to. “outwit t’tt-w. It'tt'l'l’t‘.)

.rrt’. to /i' ‘lt‘llll. t'tlffl l'lli'l) Inl/ti'

i  r. itvlt/Utl/lt'lllll/t’llftlff

w .. v .lw o At‘t‘l' :limt' tllll/l

.1! J,. l l -. tl/lltlltf. hit/til

- . -.. ._,_......._....._.

 

MW-..“

“Haws M~-.—~-.r..mru.uam~un

farmworker II tunnel to only five cl

located in certain ‘ are... within the San-
» Joaquin County. 111: flaw in tha‘U.F.W. plan -
'is that a farmworlter can only go to tho-e

clinics for treatment. he cannot go to_a doctor
outside the clinic. if he does. he is subject to
having to pay the bill himself.

Gallo farmworkers have sanitary and
refreshment facilities exceeding contract
requirements. The E. a J. Gallo Ranch has
not only met. but in many cases has exceeded
U.F.W. and Tcamstcr requirements .‘fot‘
sanitary facilities and drinking water. The
charge made by Mr. Redler that the Merced
County Health Departmentdeclared drinking
water on the Gallo ranch to be contaminated
in August I973 fails to mention that Gallo
wished to tear down this housing. however the
U.F.W. supporters barricaded themselves
within this compound. destroyed all facilities
and kept out Gallo maintenance crews from
repairing the damage that had been done.

It is regrettable that in the last l8 months
since this dispute started. no further
organization of farmworkcrs has taken place.
although there are over two million

- unorganized farmworkcrs in the United States

who receive substandard income. and little or
no fringe benefits. It is regrettable that the
U.F.W. has spent so much titnc. money and
effort fighting over 200 permanent
farmworkcrs and 300 seasonal workers who
are among the best paid in the United States
with the best package of fringe benefits: l’aid
pension plan. paid vacation. ptiid holidays.
premium paid overtime. paid health
insurance. paid life insurance. and paid
unemployment insurance. It is regrettahtcthat
the same time. effort. and expense were not
directed toward tltc unionization of the over
two million unorganized farmworkers. The
U. F.W. has had an open field and free hand to
organize so that the many farmworkcrs
throughout the llnitcd States could now be
enjoying substantially tiighcr standards of
living.

Mitch remains to be done for the
farmworkers throughout the country. Let‘s
get air with it!

.loshutt Christopher Simons

Director. Education Communications
E. & J. Gallo Winery

Modesto. California

Cottegium :

Preserving Privacy

To the Edltor:

I would like to comment on what leonridcr
to be an infringement upon my rights. Namely
the fact that my name and the names of other
math majors have apparently been put on a
U.S. Navy Mailing list. I assume that the
mathematics department or the university has
supplied a list of names to the Navy for
mailing purposes.

I can only speak for myself. but ldo not like
my name being placed on mailing lists of any
kind or purpose. i also feel that it is in poor
judgement on the part of any department of
this university to furnish any information
about all individual to anyone without signed
permission from that person. If I am ever so
inclinced. I will personally request materials to
be sent to me from the Navy. In my own easel
have already become a victim of privacy
infringement »—« I would only hope that the
university will discontinue such activities to
preserve the rights of it‘s students.

Ronald Waite

Final Phase

To the Editor:

The Presidential Search Committee is now
in the final phase of its deliberations and has
identified several candidates to whom the
committee is giving most serious
consideration.

Following preliminary meetings with these
candidates. the committee will invite a small
number to thecampus for extensive interviews
which will include opportunity for other
representatives of the faculty and student
body to meet with the candidates.

J. Vanderbilt Straub

The Stump in Academic Standing

by Ira Birnbaum

The February 4th issue of the ASP contained an article concerning the effect of the liftitig of
academic requirements at SUNYA. The article concluded that students are less “well-rounded“
as a result of the absence of requirements. However. the article failed to point out that the
evidence suggests some serious shortcomings in SUNYA‘s academic program; shortcomings
which should be noted by the University's new Select Committee on Academic Priorities.

the figures given in the article state that Social Science and Humanities majors takconly one

.7.
=-
f
F.
=
r‘
n

or two courses iii tltc M' ’.

- area. while Math/Science majors huvcthc greatest spread at

course distribution. What this information suggests to me is a serious flaw in our Mttth/ Science
tirca. The Matti/Science courses appear to be so undesircabtc that students take them only to
fulfill the requirements for their major. They don‘t want to take any more Mirth/Science courses
than they lime to. so they take courses iii otticrdisciptines.ticncciigretttcrcourscdistribtttion.

ll' Math Science majors find their owu area so unappealing. it is no surprise that Social

Science ttunutnitics students have no interest

at all in crossing over to the east end of the

podium. Why should they take clcctivcs iii an area in which even the majors don‘t want to take
classes? Perhaps an answer might be to offer more Math/Science courses exclusively for non-

tlli||lll'S.

Making the Grade

that attttlllltll would riot. howcter. curtail the exodus from those areas ofthc majors when
\L'tCL'tlllg then electives. It might be in order to rc-evatuatc the grading practice ot'uwarding A's
out) to .tumorl mstcins. B's only to regular run-of-thc-mitl whil kids. and (“Stu everybody and
his brother. With the exceptions ol‘ttione \\ lio must get t)‘.\ and ti‘h tti make the graph even out. lll
olttel \toids. quotas. are inappropriate .is tar as grades are concerned. The way most Social
Science Humanities Cttlll‘hca Work is that however many students are. iii the opinion of the

teacher . doing A work. will receive an A as ttti

acknowledgement of their effort; and so ondown'

the line of grades. If a teacher feels no one is doing A work. no A's are given and no quotas are
tlttt'tt. It the teacher feels that lhrjl'tltic class is doing A work. half the class will rccciw A's. l'hc
lit\l alcl) mounts a there equitable grading system for these Math/Science areas might be to
reward almost A work witha'ltt (3.5). almost it work with a Ct (2.5).ctc. But with the way things
are non. can anybody blttini: students for not taking Malqueicnce courses its an etc-cm e" Who
would omit to work their butts ofl only to rcccivca (‘ inacontscllicydon't cvenliave totakc‘.’

Academic Requirements Revamped

the .tllMtCI IN Cctllllitl) ttot to rcttn'n to spectlie collth requirements to guarantee a "well—
rounded" ‘tlllttt‘lll. What 15 needed is to ic~t-xtitiiiiie and tetmnp the Matti/ Science program So
that sloth-tux wtll take t'ltlllhcs because they want to. rather than because they have to

ltllS problem has serious Illlptltfttlltlllh‘ oti SUNYA's academic posture. lccriaiul) hope that
tth Sch-t it omuuticc on Academic l‘ttoi‘itics not limit itself to studying gitulntitc Dlttgt‘ttttts bttt
.tlhtl nuttidc n wttom C\Itlittlltttltill of this ct'ticutt undergraduate matter. Such a ~.crious
L'\i|||till.tllttll would mean more tltau looking at the class enrollments and seeingttiat the lecture
t't'llfL‘tSdlt‘ Itllctl for these CU‘ltht‘h. that In an inevitability\vithall at our pre-nicds‘ the questions
to ask :ot' \\tlt) |.\ taking these courses, and are they doing so out of necessity!

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE NINE

 

 

 

