 

 

  
    
     
  
  

  

  

    
   
   
  

Carr '
I. pastthe Metro Wine and Li-

  

  
  
  
  

 
 
 
 
  
 

 
  
    

'Looking back tothe mall. one sees
a bird fly to the roof of the tower—
the 44-story tower. lt’s consoling To
the to'wer's right 'and left.four iden-
tical marble pyramid¢ubes with
glass redangles attached stand at
attention. The towei’s blank facades

 
 

Back on Swan Street. turning-the
corner-of “Core Bldg. l"._ one reads
the gold-leaf message “State of New
York/South Mall/Nelson A.

  
 

I Rockefeller/Governor/IMS.‘

Here. one may finally enter the
plan of the mail by following the
pink stone pathway. which leads one
past marble enclosed grass and
ibuihes. through lines of uniform
trees. Stepping over wires, walking
under cranes. staying within the
ropes. one makes one's way past a

  

L sculpture in  piaee. stands on s1 .

 

99m“; one looks down on the gov",
nor's mansion. swimming pootI and
greenhotises. The South End loot.
- Picturesque—the cathedral and
different colored row houses resem-
ble a cardboard Christmas town
minus the mirror pond and collori
on the roofs. No windows race [he
in one before it snaps shut. and west side—~thc Hamilton. Madison
presses the button OBI—observation Avenue side.
deck. Dizzy at such heights. one step.
With a sway and a whoosh. the intothc elevator and plunges backtn
elevator speeds to the top as one's Earth. 0r triesio. Quickly following
the pink stone road out of Oz, one

 

real scaffold. holding a real paint-
br'ush..p‘ainting an unreal steel “0".
blue. Underneath the plaster one can
imagine Lot's wife. a pillar of salt on
the tail of the tower. One does not
look back. but heads for the
elevators marked 31-42. tries to hop

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  I 

Is Better

Being a he-man o': a femme fatals
may be everybody‘s favorite fantasy.
but for most people it is healthierto
possess traits of both sexes. accor-
ding to experiments conducted by a
Stanford University psychologist.

“High femininity consistently cor-
relates with high anxiety. low esteem
and low self-acceptance.”concluded

  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

7 Far! II ql'a NYPIRG series.

by Judy .lsege‘s

The growing effect of test scores onthe future of individuals and our
society has made social. racial. and cultural biases in mass testing of
growing concern to educators and students. Also questions like the
effect of coaching. degree of cheating. and the failure of the non-
conformer are making some people wonder about the validity of mass
tests and the rights of school and government administrators to let

them weigh so heavily on our lives.

Data from a study led by the Educational Testing Service (ETS)

  

' achievement potentl'sl'otdy for those children who I I
to developto their full intellectual capabilities: According t

'clc. the tests 'are therefore invalid for sociallyaisd Mia '
children who have been intellectually restrict“ ' 
programs cannot claim to unearth the talent that   order

n
I

su pressed

n cases where English is a second languish. discrimination on no
durdiaed tests is inevitable. Colonel Bell told this reporter that despi
repeated requests from his ofﬁce. the Pentagon'refiles to give t
Army Classification Battery in Spanish (The ACB is an entraneea

 
 
  

  
 
 
   

   

  
 
 

  

  
 

   
   

 

 

 

 
 
   

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

r ' - " a tract. steel divin board (0 ‘5“ P0P 3nd knee” budfle' . _I I . . . I I I I . . . . I r . .
iandﬂui'mmnas‘lieghttgt‘i’il:  :d and blue rtisctangular At the top. windows in the blue- finally passes the sliced slcel Pmi- Sum"! 3"“. m a" mic" shows that there is a direct. continuous correlation between family in- “Few” “‘mmmw" [0" enl'mf'h 3°“ W“ W?“ “"9 “if V“
3”"; a:  - ﬁr?“ 20 “om; pools: ‘he'thjmy mm] fountain floored, blue-walled room face silhouettes of people in affected recently Pul’hShed 1" “Psi/Chow” come and Scholastic Aptitude Test scores. Funhermore. students menﬂihe ‘mmnce “‘1 m"-‘ul’m'om‘ lw'meI‘W  Risen!
 hMall Th he c h 8per! ell.f I t C n- s outs lie exposed At pool side. a north. east. and south. Tothc north. poses—stecl papcr dolls held up by “Mal/3' from the Northeast do best on the tests. and Southerners do worst: “‘ N‘I'w Y°"‘ 5"“ H“ "med‘hm‘h‘lmwum’ﬂl" sl’m'lh'" MI
WSW“ - WW" “m' a“ m w 3“ o “no” " v 0* p ' from this phallic symbol in the sky. bolts—in front of the legislative of. m!“ mascu'inill’ if“  “med non-whites have much lower median scores than whites. Steven Brill. m Rm"-
one looks down into the bowl con— ficc building on State Street. Church '0 [Inner psy°h°'°3‘cal adjustmem 3" 5T5 Grille. Claims ‘0 have found 3 “My ShOWinS a '33 POW BaP sumo. cuuun I‘M“ “um?” I ‘ .
vention center, which looks like a bells in the distance peal a time: one film“! 3d°lescIm°°v Hem addedv [I’m between the median scores of black and white males on law boards. More serious than the effect of language on military occupational
crowsecuon of a uterus. complete ﬁnany recognizes up... 0m. in My in adulthood it often leads to high Many experts havesaidthetestlook for values and acquired skillscon- goalsisthc discrimination experienced by youngschoolchildren when
i" with rusty fallopian tubes. To the Life." by Stevie Wonder. an’f'ely‘ high neurOllCISm and 10W sistent with the American upper and middle class mainstream and so they are labeled handicapped due to low scores on I.Q.and achieve-
’. A» gas" the Hudson meanders under For this visit to the south MMII sell-acceplance- I I do not measure autitude. ment tests. In They Shall {Var Pass. by Hillel ﬂack. thesuthor citestlie
 I the web of new highwaysI To the once is more thnn enough "‘6 results 0f “V6 expenmems by In an interview published in a magazine for elementary school case ol'atwclve year old girlwho had moved from Puerlo Ricolo New
3 96m Show“ [hill androgynous me" educators. Bannish Hoffman. a well known critic of multiple-choice York City. Ht'l' unusually 10‘" l-Q. More calm" h" ‘0 Mmoved '0 I:
g and women “did just “bow and mass testing and author of {Vanity of Tesll'ng. calls the bias in class for mentally handicapped children. The LG. teststhai this child I
.‘l everything. They could be Indepcn- IQ, tests “inherent”. and “a good reason for not using them. The tests took were designed for children with English speaking backgroundaa.’
'5 dem “Rd 355ml“? When "my “9'5de are clearly culturally biased even though they try not to be." he said. The Sirl'ﬁ 183C119? Pm‘emdlhe adminiw’llion'ﬁ lﬂiﬂn “yin! lhlllhe 'I I' .
i 10 1’5. Mid warm Md “WON’ch "l Raclal Discrimlnstlon Discovered was performing uptothestandard ofthe class. Theteacher'svehement
g appropriate situations. it didn‘t Discrimination due to racial biases in standardized tests have protests were scorned bythendministrators.Thesupportshe obtained .
 matter whether a behavior was become a major issue in civil rights. During the Viet Nam War. there from experts throughout the country wng not needed, ,
g sic reo t y p i call y masculine or was a side feeling that the proportionally high number of blacks on the Most mass tests given to America youths are closely patterned after ’I. _
 feminine; they did equally well on front line was directly rclaledto the racial bias onthe Armed Scrvrccs regiment“, curriculum... The reward memory more than creation,“
both." Vocaliona' APlllUch Emery (ASVAm “Ills “’35 a ‘93} "kc" "9°" speed more lhttn originality. facts morethanimpressions. What istbc .
Androgyny. Bem concluded. cnteringthc army which was used to determine what oncsoccupation pug.“ or the brig.“ nonwonfmmern The very mm mm are used in
“allows an indiVidUﬂl ‘0 be bOlh if“ WO‘I'ld be Whlie "‘ the m'l'mrl" I I I  determining admission to institutions of higher 'lcai'ning actually
dependent und tendcrI assertch and Lieutenant Colonel Bell. the Recruiting and-Retentionotficer for punish mmc advanced “Mu-“cl mm,ng
yielding masculine and feminincI the Army National Guard in New York. told this reporter in an inter- Tm, Not wnn 11", a...“
Androgyny greatly expands the view that the tests were notthe reason for a higher percentage of blacks The reality about mass testing is simple and gruesome. Tests are not
I  . range or behavior open to everyoncI in battle. “The blacks wanted to be where the action was.“ he said. Bell measuring what they claim to be measuring. Today‘s aptitude tests
_ crmimng people to cope mme explained that during World War II. many blacks were givcndemcan- seem to be testing learned facts morcthiin learning potential. Theytest
. liocketsllar‘a South Mall acorn. out of place allualod In downtown Albany @ Effectively with diverse situations-I" ingjobs and now wanted the more glorious positions as int‘antrymcn. facts that are most likely to be known by white middle class youths
struclion fence. against the blue hills struction workers with yellow huts sculpture of two huge compass .Cps "It was 1* mBChiSmo WPE or thing." he said. Who“ {"51 languath is EngliSll
of Rensselaer. the white three-tier and allow machines resemble needles attached to a li htnin rod. Dr. Robert I. Williams. a black psychologist. feelsthat racial biases About 1.0. tests. Bannish Hot‘l'mansays;“Weshouldn‘t haveto per-
y g g . . . . . . ,
cultural center dwarfs the brown |nborcr§ in n ginm stone quarryI turns withlhe brcczc._nswnrd ﬁght must be inherent in any test written by white professionals. He feels suadc anyone these days that LG. tests cannot posstbly measure
spire of the Cathedral of the Im- stilt denied accesstothe mauI one between invisible cncmich winking . - that suchtcsts can only deal withthat part ofthe black psyche oriented anything that can legitimately be called intelligence.“
maculatc Conception. walks fur-the.- nonh 0n swam past runner on this stone ptntcau past ‘ " , toward becoming white and embracing middle-class values. The cl'l'cctsthat masstcsis have on our educational system are quite
I Looking for a way in. one walks “core 31ng 2"I the Convention yellow steel 0's convcrging on 'a'.' @' .' '0 An article in the Harvard Educational Review written by. Joshua widespread. and are often considered extremely detrimental. The final
.  down Swan street, hoping-for relief Center-I and ﬁnds an identical themselves. past a hodgepodge of ' . ' ' ‘ ' ' ' Fishman of Yeshiva University and Paul Clifford of Atlanta Universi— part of this series will deal with these effects and how abolishing mass
I» fl'0'“ lhe elldless “"6 0‘ marble bm- balcony overlook. In the distance black steel shark fins glued together. ty points out that many of the so-czillcd “achievement” tests measure “Sling mlg'“ b0 advilnlilBCOU-‘i ‘0 “19 edUCilliOmil Symm-
 tresscs. Between“So. Swan St. Bldg. lies a giant cement rice bowl. tilted one approaches the tower. You can sametimea control the #1
‘5 Core 3" and “Core 2". past the core dangerously to the nonh. with One can secthroughthe first floor direction of the ball by where it a
.7 ofa geometric metalsculpturc.anin- cranes like suspended chopsticks of this immense structure to the hit. ' ‘ . .
-. . your addle. If it hits the . B h Y t t t
 tenser vertical glass and marble overhead. To the left of the bowl. wooden stonchedge to the right of center it will 80 straight ”' j r   J 8 0 u s
 structure ﬁlls the window of space. equadistant gum drop-shaped thetowcr—woodenforms primitivc- If it hit ' . y ‘1 ' ' ' ' ' " " ' ' '
. . ‘ - I the right edge, ‘ (Inninmqmvm "I - . The Title IX ban oninquirtcs into lhc broad interpretation of
1. i . . . . o i , , . . . . . 1:010!" , I . .
 The-towcr'ol the South Mall stands bushes line the front ofa horizontal l) arrangedtoform benches on black it Will go rlght, __________ __  was"), adminisllrmors who dislike mama] or parcnml mm o. prcgm‘m educational program or 3mm). by
 32:?” aalalnst {hed‘norldhebtistwagd- marble structure With vertical win- concrete. Being able 105ccthrougha etc. Flicking the @ the idea of government iiitcrl‘crcncc cy or termination of pregnancy of Title ercgulaiions.
: Th ing st volt; c ouhs an ue s  dow I slits—the legislative 'olfice 44-.story building that well is dts- paddle to get aspin ' in the affairs of private schools. job or school applicants. The Un- Requirements for obtaining
} blizdsin at I e "g I 0 me lower '3 th'lkdmg' F°url°°l°Tqul Pil'lglrﬂs 1" qurlllnsa , might work but ' Univcmiy administrators hnvc ivcrsityurgtiesthatsuchinquiricsare religious cxeinplion. The University
‘ - pin . orange. urquoisc. an imc . so isquicting is the sculpture i. 1“. controlled Re ' '- ' " - ' ' ‘ h ' ' l h'  l) lh‘ "1 'nl ll 0‘ 0" "'“W m‘limﬂim Will i‘ ‘1 '1'! l' l
. . - . . . I . I . I . c] e  isolated six sections oft c l‘itlc X its". ( L til en n L I . il 5» uncmsi u iona
.' seems spms from the glaw’Ionc l°°khk§bmmardswnh "omchsagct one faces 3"" 80ml; through the _»  ____p.__———-— regulations which they ﬁnd most highest Christian standards of for l-lEWtorulc"onthccontcnt. . .
It turns around and looks up Hamilton encascdtnsteclfrumcs. Aman walks towcr‘s revolving glass door. A  offensive 'l‘ltesc include: morality." of religious belief or practice.“
I, Street. An empty lot is overgrown by. his head doesn‘t reach midway plaster of Paris mummiﬁed con- Avoid the sharp angle shots since i" I: ' ' ItEW‘s him on different rules of
;, with watst~lugh weeds and grass.lA _up the gum drop. siruction worker. the only human they tend tO'alow the ball and o  IIPDL'HHIIWL' for "W" “"L' WOW”
3 “1:1:ch :pawnh'texpoifs "t: are easy to return. The most ef—  ‘I‘hc Universily said it “'UHM 00"" '
I: —— ree . l e. an pin fective ' t' ~i -11' )r -~dil‘t'crcnidrcss codes
: mm, the black mps to the second l anlle shots are those that rebound I I, X 0 I Z Z . ltutu. out (duv II” hcc'um “we
 and third floors The leaﬂess  "no your oppommt the deadhe“ be'  I 0'. mm 'm .\ 0" L . ‘ ‘
é . ', . 31gb. .hot that "bound. just as it hits 9 bcilcvc. lilillrdlliCI'CliCZS \l‘ll aunrd
s' the   grooming 0 men an '0! c
f   ' proper expressions of God-given
° * 2 oz.Jose CuervoTequila differences in the sexes.“
e   . from one lime (or 2 tbsp ) n. | . Bathroom Equality
by The College Press Service: ' * Julce ' The Title IX regulations requiring
2 Ctvil’disobedianceis not restricted * ItSp' sugar . °.I"I’,“.".‘{'I“E'I; “In”! "brig. I Shi‘ﬂct
i - to eccentric individuals who live in ' * 2 daSheS orange hitters Stimuli" .cdc'lanlf):v L “731,: ‘L
' - 1/ . . . . an‘l‘hl sat ." : wou so
""F ' ."w woﬁ'l or i Indie: mime?! ' * White or one egg ubsuiil asylo require that men's and ‘ -‘
groups. e urges pnv euniversi- ~ - . . . - - v .. r
i, tviathe countryrecentlyanltounoed om 'h “I d h l V Shm down the middh are bop * A glass 15 QUlte helpful! 930-    
 ' ' - u I‘M n _ . I ' . . ‘
ll! Intention. to defy the federal . Id“! . I ' m h 50 may :30!)an It:lo giving our lives ml and slow. However. late in they would nol permit ustoconttnue
‘ ‘°""“'.“°“‘ ' .n‘IIaannmon lel- We do this everyday thmu h u“ “"y 3"" “‘9 b5“ '1“ lpeed' providing booth showers for women
E l.“ .‘thh wok cm“ '1'.” 2." ' Divided by doubts. prejudices the communicationarts—books.pu - “I “P. I middle shot can and gang-type showers for men."
é hghsrn Young Unversity. a {can “0|..ch turch povmyI ’ llCﬁtlonH. television and radio—on be a killer if used do- Rules requiring pooling of single-
i four-year school in Utah afflisted m "an." my. been Mn °° “3° “m “m- in Firth”. ln liber t l "Mm ' - ' -
. . . ll- mlsslons in t a U.S. lh downtown ' ° y ‘0 '“l’Pl'iIO  sex scltolurshlps.
f. With the Mormons. advertised in log Americans together for over a t l k ' - . .- -
‘ several state local and campus century now. trying to overcome girl "5' mm in“ “I”. you“ “a your Wm" Br'ghum Youug“ oppobmon m '-
r’ t I the We“... men one. between ' If You would uh . I the Title l.\‘ regulations stems from .
 newspapersthatit would notfomply my, on,“ wa m .0 “mm hm in a“, volume 0‘ huh“ $3123“: AND THEN . . . . I two areas. As. Brigham Young's t
g with Title IX regulaqu on the flavor to believer. believer to non- wounds with the Cos ‘i f Ch PR I ‘ ) .- - ' ' .
t . . he] 0 fist ACT.CE . ~ . v. I resident Dallin H. Oaks said in t.
.. m of mo". “m, n lever. man to man. As Catholics as a Pa t t'lest ~ - I .
a a giousgrounds. In? 1 the coupon . .
 The run“ on... Unwed”. "mm “1" Alumni. W9 know unity is below for urination. , UP WHERE iv » hearing before the House Subcom-
g an“ be . I“. of SI 5 .n. . [_— ———' — —- '— -- —- — — — — .. You SEE ;  ‘ - mince on Posisccnndairy Education.
-i .II.I. I “and m - "u '0“ '“ "mm “mm mm“ 1 THIS SI _‘ L I thc'l‘iileIXregulations“threatenthe
I.- I i z \ I ~ - u
i liven more serious forthe govern- I I 2: : w  | 1"“... .o in | r4? V Lmdlep::::u‘c‘;zﬂol‘hznvgfvcﬂxﬂ;
I tissnt enforcement agency. the '“'  ~ 4
. Department of Health, Education | iii‘i‘fifiqwsmms. cur . I .  “Simut‘gcxﬂm: 5
‘ynd    I  lug-"Eng “if! ‘ I], v _ I education." . 
mm" ' mud.“ "um a” m" haviiiiifriivfiiiiiis m Chss nt.__ i v ‘ ' :  e w Oaks also accused the regulations, 3
Will!
I. of rebellion lathe mindset otherun- '9”: M - Ir. i.th . *1 - . ' ' ‘ t
“W,” a" ‘ﬂu —' — I - 06a CUERVan-E um“... moon, ofresinciingacademwfreedomsand ,
- ‘ _——-“ ' IMPORTED AND 53m?!) BV 0197*SEUBLEIN-‘NQ-H’WTF0RBC‘3NN- tlius violatin the First Amendment. 5
PAGE FOUR ALBANY s D I , t I
W ENT PRESS LBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE FIVE

NOVEMBER 11' 1975 NOVEMBER 11, was A

 

