 
  

    
 
  

 

I hook Miss Quinlan‘s respirator was medical practice to'failtoiinplemerl
extraordinary means to v keep a'-_

unprecedented. Quinlan asked the

  
  

 

 

 

 
  
 
 
 
 

 

. a
Qui ans request: for permission to
. unhook the respirator-which has
’ . kept hlscor'natose daughter‘alive for
J  r

   

court to name him legal guardian to
his daughter for the express purpose
of ordering the respirator dis-

connected. r

Courts generally are asked to ac-

patient alive. but it is considered on?
acceptable. to discontinue such
means once they have been started.

State Atty. Gen. William AF.‘_;_
.. Hyland joined the case to argue the

   
 

reenter-erratum».

 

 

 

   

UN Adopts 3 Pro
unrrso muons. N.Y. (as) The General Assembly adopted an Arab-
inspired resolutio'n Monday nightdeclaringthat “Zionism is a form of racism
and racial discrimination." The vote on the bitterly fought issue ivas 72-35
with 32 abstentions. The United States was opposed. The vote on the anti-
Zionism measure followed affirmative action earlier Monday on twa pro-
Palestinian resolutions that drew heated reaction from Israel. The General
Assembly adopted two pro~ Palestinian resolutions Monday, drawing heated
reaction from Israel. and set the stage for a voteearlicron a third measure
equating Zionism with racism. It appeared it. too. would pass. One of the
approved resolutions, adopted by a vote of 93-fflwit? 27 abstentions. in
' . ~ - - . effect bypasses Security Council decisions about auto '5 right to existence
::::]:!vcf::: ‘2: gnlmgarg 33:23:31: 53:32.: and stresses instead'the rights of the Palestinians to return to their homes and

l ohoy and "an nil-[zen said they were committed .0 property. Israelcriticizedtheresolutronasarmed'atrtsdcstructron.The other
a c q ' the participation of the Palestine Liberation Organization

nearly seven months "

 

state's responsibility to safeguard
“the sanctity of life.“ He'said dis-
connecting Miss Quinlan‘s
respirator would amount to
"nutm- CM. homocide because with the equip-
Arespiratorandothermechanical men? she is legally and medically
devices have kept Miss Quinlan alive alive.
in the intensive care unit of St. Lawyers for the hospital and for
Clare's Hospital in Denville since Mills Quinlan‘sdoctorsalsoopposed
April 25 after she lapsedintoacoma thc Quinlan's request and asked
from an undetermined cause. Doc- Muir to grant them immunity from

   
  
     
    

Muir said the decision to‘ dis- quit people who remove such

connect 2f-year-old - Karen Anne systems after a patient‘s death. but
,,, Quinlan's life-stitcinirrg'system f‘isa this was the first time prior court ap-
' proval was requested.

  

' Intedical. deer ion“, as' is-f‘the con-
‘ tinuedcareandtr'eatmentofKaren."
-“There is a duty to_continue the
life-assisting apparatus if within the
treating physician‘s opinion it
should be done.” he said.

The judge noted that Miss
Quinlan's father “is very obviously
anguished over his decision to ter-
minate ,what he considers the ex-

   
    

  

 
      
   
  
 
 

 
 

  
  
    
         
       
     
  
 

rcsolution calls for

traordinary care of his daughter."
and for that reason should not be
allowed to participate in the day-to-
day decisions about her care.

Muir appointed Daniel R.

burn as Miss Quinlan‘s legal
guardian in all medical matters.

Muir's decision followed two
weeks of examination of complex
legal issues and controversial
testimony. The Quinlans are ex-
pected to appeal the ruling.

They said Miss Quinlan suffers
irreversible brain damage and there
is no chance for her ever to live a nor-
mal life again.

Quinlan. 50. and his wife. Julia.
say their daughter would not wantto
be kept alive with no hope of
recovery and that she would choose
“death with dignity” if she were able
to think or speak.

Testimony during the hearings on

prolonging life and could not par-
ticipate in shutting off Miss
Quinlan‘s respirator.
Devottt Cathdlca

The Quinlans. who: describe
themselves as devout Roman
Catholics. were supported by the
Church in their effort. Their priest
testified during the hearing that the
Church does not require that life be
sustained by extraordinary means in
hopeless cases.

deliberation and conferences on the Middle East" held under
ces. The vote was 101-8 with 25 abstentions. The United States

voted against the measures.

of Chas Angola Her Independence

(AP) Portugal handed the mineral-rich colony of Angola
day and made a hastyexit. leaving the fat of the country
tied to warfare among rival black liberation movement's backed by East and
West. The ﬁghti ng threatens toengulf central Africa in a growing blood but h.
There was noflag-loweringfanfare as planned to mark thcend of 500 ycttrs of
colonial rule. only a quick ceremony at the government palace. followed by

the equally quick departure of the high commissioner, Adm. Lconcl
Cardoso. his staff and Portuguese troops. Police of the Soviet-backed
Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola—MPLA—immcdiatcly
took control of the palace, the 16th century fort of Sao Miguel and other
Portuguese military installations.

USSR Pushes for Geneva Mldoast Conference
MOSCOW (AP) The Soviet Union has formally proposed to the United

The request for permission to un- the case disclosed that it is common

Dwight’s Dominoes Prepare Fall

WASHINGTON (AP) “You havea
row of dominoes set up. You knock
over the first one. and what will
happen tothe last oneisthc certainty
that it.wil| go over very quickly."
With these words 2| years ago.
President Dwight D. Eisenhower
outlined the “falling domino princi-
plc“ to demonstrate the strategic im-

ﬁuence in some areas.

Within five days after the fall of
Saigon. Thailand. the western
neighbor of' Laos and Cambodia, in-
sisted on and received assurances
that all 16.000 U.S. servicemen
would be out of the country by.
March I976.

To the east. Philippine President
Ferdinand E. Marcos began deman-

plans.

Thailand is the country most
vulnerable to Hanoi-inspired in-
surgency. with Laos scrving asocor-
ridor of easy access for any arms
shipments Hanoi wishcsto dcliverto
'l'hai rebels.

The smuggling of weapons to in-
surgents in the north and the
northeast of Thailand has been go-

States that they jointly move toward resuming the Geneva Middle East
conference. the official press reported Monday night. The Tass news agency
said Moscow's ambassador to the United States. Anatoly Dobrynin. handed
Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger a message Sunday proposing that
resolution of the Mideast conflict be taken back to Geneva with "all the
parties immediately concerned." The Soviet Union and United States are
cochairmcn of the conference. which adjourned almost immediately after it
opened in December I973.

Lynette Fromme Barred From Courthouse
SACRAMENTO. CallHAP) Lynette Fromme. who blindfolded herself and
was carried into the courthouse by a deputy marshal. was barrcd again
Monday from hcr trial on charges oftrying to kill President Ford. The 27-
ycar—old follower of Charles Manson. convicted with four others in thc I969
slayings of actress Sharon Talc and six other persons. refused to promisc
U.S. District Court Judgc Thomas MacBride that she would refrain from
futurc outbursts in court. Last Friday she was twice cjcctcd after trying to
pletld guilty and demanding that Manson he allowed to testify. Shc also
vowed that she would have to he carried from the jailhouse to court.

portance of Indochina to the
Western world.

Persuaded that Eisenhower was
right. a succession of American
presidents went to great lengths to
assure that the domino scenario
would not be played out. ’

Now. it has been over six months
since the Communists moved into
power in South Vietnam. Thatevent .
brought an end to one of the most
divisive episodes in American I Y _ I
foreign policy history but it also I— , ‘,-.  " . .  vvvv w
marked the beginning of thc ccntral ' ’
test of the domino theory.

As long as the American-backed
government in Saigon was able to .
survive. the validity of the domino
theory could not be proved. With
Saigon‘s fall. would other neighbor- '
ing countriesfollowsuit"vcry quick-
ly." as Eisenhower had predicted. or
was the whole theory a pipedrcatn‘.’

In the six months since the
National Liberation Front flag was

~‘"' hoisted for the first time lit the
presidential palace in Saigon. both
hawks and doves can point to events “
in Indochina and elsewhere which

dinganendtoAmericanjurisdiction' ing on for years but western
over U.S. bases there” The Philip-
pines. likc Thailand. established

observers say it is more open now
than ever.

  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 

Court Hears Case for Election Reform Law
WASIIINGTONlAl’) The Supreme Court wastold Monday by proponents
of the new election rcform law that it is aimed at stopping an “arms rtlcc of
politicttl contributions.“ but opponents said it cuts off free speech because
"money talks." “It is speech." said Justice I’otter Stewart during very close
I. questioning from the henclt. “Spccch rs money rind money is speech.“ In an
unusual four and one—half hours of oral argument on the CtlSC. opponents
charged that Congress stacked the I974 cherttl Elections Campaign Act in
' 'ovor of political incumbents and made it harder for challengers.

Strike Threatens to Close Down NYC Papers

NEW YORK (AP) The New York Daily News said Monday it might suspend
publication il‘thc Ncwspapcr Guild of New York strikes the New York 'l'irncs
Tuesday. The guild and The Times resumed negotiations on Monday
morning and both sides said they were prepared to go through the night in an
attempt to reach an agreement to avert a strike thrcntcncd for 7 ant.

 

Tuesday. W". James. President and Publisher of The Nch. in a three
paragraph statement to thc stuff noted that the paper has a “community 0|
interest with the Times." and thttt if Thc'l'itncs is struck. "we will exnnlinc the
circumstances." and “suspend publication" if it‘s in the News‘ best interest.

MAC Helps NYC Meet Deadline for Bills

NEW YORK (AP) The city mct $270.7 million in obligations duc Montln)‘.
as the Municipal Assistance Corp . povided parts of the statc‘s $2.3 bilhun
plan tostave ofl' default until December. MAC closcdusalc of$iil millionto
thrce crty pension funds and $35 million to the State Insurance Fund. which
were combined with $57 millionin MAC funds and $98 million in city money
to meet the notes which come due. But state officials said Monday they still
had not found a source for the SISO million which is needed to complctc the
complex $2.3 billion plan and avoid a city possible default next wcck.

   

suggest each was right all along. '. --
But the consensus is that it is far relations with China.
toocarlyto writcthcﬁntrlchaptcron To Thailand's south. Malaysia.
the wisdom of American policy in anticipating an upsurge in rebel ac-
lndochina. tivity. is cxpundingits security forces
.The period betwccnlast April and and recently purchased 41.000
June was one oftumultous changcin American M-lb rifles.
Indochina. Almost simultaneous Most U.S. officials agree the key
with the collapse of the Saigon to Southeast Asia‘s f uturc rests with
government was the victory of the Vietnam which. in practical terms.
Khmer Rouge movement in has become united under llanoi‘s
neighborinrmiherbodiu. This was rule since the events of ltist April.
followed quickly bythc Communist As these officials see it, Hanoi.
success in Laos. Onc U.S. ofﬁcial with some $4 billion in abandoned
called this "dramatic evidence of the U.S. weapons at its disposal. has the
domino theory set in motion." capacity to nourish insurgent
Elsewhere.thc changes have been mchmcnts elsewhere in Southeast become a source of stability in
less startling But there has been a Asia for yearsto come. Ilut it is not Southeast Asia-—and a barrier to million worth of new state taxes to wipe out the state‘s own dclicit nod
perceptible decline in American in- clear yet whether Hanoi has such fulfillment of the domino theory. dovetail withalurger planto resolvethe city and stalcfinanciulcriscs.

PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT PRESS NOV EMBEH 1 1, 1975

Officials here say Thailand may be
more rcslllnnt to gucrrilltt activities
than is widely believed. The nation
never has been controlled by
forctgncrs tttrd. ttnlikc Vietnam.
rcbcl forces can't make headway by
appealing to arrti-cnloniulistic in-
stincts.

The future role of China and the
Soviet Union in Southeast Asia is
another question mark. Since April.
there has been a sharpening of the
Sino—Soviet conflict as botir powers
compete for inﬂuence in the area.
Curiously. this conflict may

  
  
  
    
   
   
        
    
      
  
  
 
 

 

  
    
    
 
  
 

Carey Considers Ualng Taxes to Aid NYC
NEW YORK (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey said Monday he was considering $600

    
  
        
  

 

Cheating; in t

by Daniel GaIrsss .
Edlror's Note: this article is the so
mud in a series about cheating.
Other articles will delve further into
attitudes and implicatlorts.

Do SUNYA’s professors believe
there is a lot of cheating in their
classes?

“I‘ve never encoutered any.“ said
John Donahus (Geography). .

“I hear it is rampant.“ said Irving
Sabghir (Business). but he suspected
that “there isn't as much in my
classes as in others.“ One student
gave him a note in his ﬁnal exam
booklet last semester indicating
there was some cheating duringthat
test. however.

“ Let me say that. at the graduate
level. never." said Robcrt Carmack
(Anthropology).
st udcnts have the greatest commit-
ment.“ Cormack knows there has
been some in his undergraduate
courses. but he isn‘t worried: “I real-
ly don‘t care that much. I've never
felt inclined to oversee it in aserious
way. If they cheated and got a good
grade. well. they got a good grade
and that‘s it."

Walter Zenner (Anthropology)
has had some experience with
plagiarism. “Sometimes it is very ob-
vious that the paper doesn‘t ﬁt the
student." he says. “sometimes you
just know the sourcce—or it hits you
that it isn‘t right." chner points out
that “If you don‘t know the source.
it‘s like finding a needle in tr
httyslack. I tlrrnk alot ol'timcs thcre
is tr tcndcncyto ignorcit.“ For multi-
plc choicc exams. chncr feels the
only preventative is proctoring.

“I won't act as a policeman.“ said

“That‘s where

 

  ‘ , 4
  ._

  

Johtr Slocum (Economies). 
has open book tests now.-whichi

 

major factor in the decrease of '

cheating in his classes. ‘

' Harold Cannon (Accounting) has
No large lecture classes and rises the
same test. “There‘s automatically
some verbal passing on." he said.
Cannon has students hand in ac-

‘ counting problems regularly. usually

having them passed to the sides of
the lecture. center and not picking
them up until the end of the period.
One student erased the name on one
ofthe papers and put his own on. He
didn‘t show up when the papers were
returned. The girl who actually did
the work came up and the situation
was corrected. Another of Cannon‘s
students actually xeroxed someone
else‘s work. croased out the name
and put his own above it. and hand-
ed the xerox in. “If he was that
stupid.“ said Cannon. “he should be
prosecuted." The student was.
Other professors. expecially those
in the physrcal sciences. were aware
of some cheating. Most felt that
there is a limit to what can be doncto
prevent its occurrcncc. Money for
graduate assistants is short. time
spent on making up extra exams
takes away from the real business of
lcarnrng. and clever studcnts always
have a counter movc when
something is done. “Don‘t quote
me.“ said one graduate assistant in
the physical sciences. “but I don‘t
think very many professors care.
After all. it doesn't hurt them. But
when a number of students confront
them. well. they will become sym-
pathetic. liut usually the students
don't say anything. so they [the
professors] don‘t do anything."

_courses

dub—Finances

SID—Food quality on campus -

27.8—Trying to “ﬁnd' myself In the
sense of personal meaning and
identity. where I am headed. what
I am seeking in life. etc.

25.2—Some aspect of social interatnion
with others

23.7-—-Pinding a job

20.2—Deciding on major field or
specialty in a field

l2.5—I don‘t expect any big problems

2. Which of these services qlli'red til

SUN YA do you expect you‘ll use lntlre

 

ass—treasure. the cones: of'rrry.

sat—tram. Servloa (campus meant .
service). ' .
43.9—Intramural athletics and
’ recreation
ass—Student Association
ﬁlm-Placement or career planning
29.4—Ftnandal Aid
I l.9—Courtsellng (Personal)
5.I—l.egsl Services
3.S-ln general. I prefer off-campus
servrees
[.4-None of the above _
3. Whlelr of the follow! scallions
exlsl? (check all those WM.”
9s:
Sill—Academic pressures
SSH—Cheating on exams

 

         

30.6—An snvlronmea

[whimsy podtlvei . ‘
19.7—An environment which We r
positivelnteraalons ' '  ‘ '

25.2—Lcw do”. or staff tostudsu 

r. concern . -

2|.tt—High deﬁes of student to
student concern  _

Ila—High degree of factrltytost‘udsat
concern .

Izz—High degree of staff to student
concern ‘ '

l0.2—An exciting. positive camps:
climate

 

 

Above are some quoptlons and tactile of Dean lrown'a Informal study of student concerns. They
represent 1.315 out of approximatst 0.100 possible responses. An addtlonal attention askodlor
added concerns. The questions accompanied a letter that Brown sent out thls past atirnnror.

Students Sound-off Via Survey.

by Daniel Gaines

More than half of SUNYA
students polled believe there is a
“great deal“ of competitiveness here.
accordingtoaninformalsurvey con-
ducted this summer by the Office of
Student Affairs over 90 per cent of
those returning the questionnaire
described at least a “f air amount" of
competitiveness.

The questionnaire. writtcn by
Dean for Student Affairs Neil
Brown Jr.. accompanied alctter sent
to pre-rcgislcrcd and returning
students during the summer. Brown
estimates that (r. |00 students rccclv-
ed the letter. l.3|5. or 22 per cent.
returned the questionnaire.

Sixty-three pcr cent of students
returning the questionnaire said that
they were aware of cheating. 50 per

Representative of civil sorvanta' unlon speaks to students at last Thursday's Career Day. Sovarhl
local and roglonal corporations set up displays In the Campus Center Ballroom. Also featured was a
lob Interview workshop. The day was sponsored by buslnsss fraternity Delta Slgma Pl.

 

833500.000 ‘
Unclaimed
Scholarships

Over $33,500,000 unclaimed scholarships, grants. aids, and
fellowships ranging from $50 to $10,000. Current list of
those sources researched and compiled as of Sept. 15, 1975.
UNCLAHEII SCHOLARSHI’S

11275 Massachusetts Ava., Los Angeles, CA 90025
El I am enclosing $9.96 plus $1 .00 for postage and handling.

 

Nnmn
Address

Citv

 

PLEASE IIIISII YOIIII OUIIIIEIIT LIST OF
UNCLAHED SCHOLARSHI'S SOURCES T0:

_______._._.__—._.———-
(California residents please add 6% sales tax.)

Stats_____2lp_..

 

 

NOVEMBER 11, 1975

 
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  

hlgb heel.

 ‘Irya learnt-hrs line'- "63....

g OUNG SHOE 

MERCHANTS TO GENERATIONS

Bonchvcraffod and handflnishod by
skilled artisans for over IOO-yeors.

Ill’i STOCK FOR-MEN f: WONG"

Avollobla In Hand Stained Drown, Natural oiled, An- 55:
thuod wollnut, and Burnt chestnut.

oven EVERY svsn'tno mi r m
’ " ‘Iarptl'uss your MNKAMEIICARD on MASTERCHARGE  

cent said that personal prcssurcsex-
ist and lo per cent said there was an
exciting. positive campus climate.
Thirty-live per cent said they would
use Student Association. 40 per cent
would use Intramurals and recrea-
tion. 58 per cent Health Service. and
60 per cent academic advisement.
Thirty-fch per cent felt there was a
low studcnt-to—studcnt concern
whilc 4| per cent saidthere was a low
faculty—to-student concern.

The end of the questionnaire ask-
ed what areas the student would
identify as nccding improvement.

Virtually every student made some
additional comment. “They‘re about
the quality of interaction.” said
Brown. "a lot of helpful stuff.” The
comments referred to food service.
specific academic departments and
concern about studying time and
places. .

Due partly to the placement and
career response in question two (see-
ehart above) and the comments.
Brown has already diverted money
in that direction. “I utilizcit. and I'm
beginning to share this with various
people on the campus.“

Meal Plan Changes Will
End with Pro-registration

by Lil Granite

Students desiring a change in their
meal contracts for ncxt semester
haVc until the end ofprc-rcgistration
to act. according to an inter-office
mcmo scnt ()lll by FSA General

Manager Norbert Zahm. Pre-
rcgistration ends on Friday.
Novctn her 21.

Contract changes must be sub-
mitted to asststttnt dircctor of food
scrvrccs I’clcr Haley who makes the
final dccrsion as to whether or not a
change Will he allowed. The rcqtrircd
form is available in his office located
on Dutch Quad.

According to the memo. “channg

. . wrll bc approved only for good
reasons and after submission of ap-
propriatc supporting documents or
letters.“ The memo citcs"ttchrrngein
class schedule. outside employment.
hctrlth. ctc." as being acceptable
rcasons.

YOUNG SI'IOIS, odds still another to the largest colloctlo'n I

of FIVE BOOTS in the ecuntryl Our Driftwood Boot, It Is 
brass pegged and fitted by hand. The platform role It of
jsolid oak-bend leather to match the new stocked 2% inch

)5? CENTRAL avenue

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

; vice."

      

Changes rcqucstcd because of out-
side cmploymcnt must be accom—
panied by a letter from thecmploycr.
while students claiming health
problems are required to submit a
letter from the intirrnttry. Themcmo
goes on to say that in "special cir-
ctrmstztnccs." Hulcy may “request
more information.“

Ilox lunches and dinners will be
available for those who cannot or do
not wislrto clnrngcthcir plan. Accor-
ding to thc mcmo. "These will be
considered for those students that
must be off campus for special
rcuonsand fora regular and deﬁnite
period of tune." It goes onto saythat
“Sludcnts on the campus havmg
less than one-half hour for
lunch/dinner may also request a
carry-out meal.“

No indication is given us to how
many boxed meals will be available.
although the memo docs state that.
"The total number of carry-out

- _. meals may be limited by food service
" depending on the ability to prepare

and serve students dcsiring such ser-

‘l'hc memo warns that “Students

': requiring a 'chrtngc [in] meal con-
-:; tracts bcl'orcthc Fall semester begins"

must scc Mr. Httlcy as soon as possi-
ble so that I.D. pictures and new
meals cards can be issued. thereby

' permitting the student to participate
-. in the new meal plan."

An cxtrtr billing will be sent oirt

; from the Bursar‘s ofﬁce reﬂecting
' the new rate required bythe change

 

 

NOTICE
tennis lovers
he tennis court ll hta att
utch Quad cost a wlll n
anger be turned on at nigh
untll the spring.

 

 

PAGE THREE

  

  
       
  
    
      
    
     
   
  
 

 

  
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   
   
  
 
   
 
 
   
   
  
 
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
   
      
   
 
  
       
  
    

 

