 

 

 

. «.«M.r.«..¢x,,n~..~.,.a. ._,—‘W~/\-_.,,.‘M._~_~__ . ,

 

 

classical forum

 

 

git nutrrattatiawiso comm

PRESENT

EETHE FIRST tiltitril. SPRING illth 33

SATURDAY MAY 3, 2 PM - 2 AM

(alumni quad courtyard)

wwww

courtyard features:

it THREE-PERSON TEAM BEER DRINKINGCDNTEST

$5. advance entry fee, sign up with ticket sellers,

PRIZES — —
TOP PRIZES $100. WORTH OF O'HEANEY’S
It? HULA HOOP CONTEST

it frisbee contest

4 TUG OF WAR CONTESTS

4 Farting Contest

 

BHNDS, FOLKSINGERS, mUNCHIES, SODH.
and over 50 kegs of miller will be provided

TICKETS on sale 4-28 to 5-2 in the campus center

$1.00 with ODD quad card in advance
$1.50 with tax card in advance
$2.00 without , in advance

at the door odd $ .50 to the above prices

%@%%%W

 

 

 

A Ribald Story

Demodokos struck the lyre and began singing~welltlie story
about the love of Ares and sweet-glirlltnded Aphrodite.
how tltey first llty together in the house of I‘lcphltistos
secretly: he gave lter much and fouled the marriage
and bed of the lord l-lephaistos: to him there eatne as messenger
llelios. the sttn who had secti them lying in love together.
llephliistos. when he lilid heard the heartsot'e story of it.
went on his way to his smithy, heart turbulent with hard sorrows.
and set the great anvil tipoii its stand. and hammered ottt l'ttstenings
that cotild not he slipped or broken. to hold them fixed iii position.
Now when. iii his anger against Ares. he had made this treacherous
snare. he went to his chamber where his own dear bed lay.
and spun his fastenings around the posts from every direction.
while many more were suspended overhead. front the tool bearris.
thin. like spider webs. which trot even one of the blessed
gods cotild see. He hlid fashioned it to he very deceptive.
litit when he had spttn about the bedstead all of his treacherous
device. he started for Leninos. the strong-lotiiided citadel.
which. of lill territories on eltrtli. was lar dearest to hint.
Nor did Arcs ol the golden reins keep a blind watch on lillil.
as he saw Ilephaistos the glorious smith go away. but he then
took his course so he entered the house ol glorious Ilephlristos
lusting alter the loye ol sweet-gai'landed Kytliei‘citt.|
She had llttcly conic iii hour the house of her litthci. the powt-iiul son til
Ki'oiios. liiid sat there when Arcs entered the house, lilt'll
he took het by the liattd aiitl spoke to her and named hct. saying:
'(oiiic. my dear. let us take our way [it the bed. and he there.
Ior llephtitstos is rro lotich hercltbouts. but by this time
he irittst haye collie to l.ctrinos and the wild—spoken hiritilins.’

So he spoke. liitd she was well pleased to sleep willt him. lhcse two
went to bed. and slept there. littd all about them were bending
the artlul bonds that had been lorgcd by subtle llephliistos.
so neither ol them could stir it ltiiib or get tip. and now
they saw the truth. and there was no lottch a way our lot them.
lhe glorious sliiitli oi the strong aims cattle and stood near. He had
ttiiiied his back on his way. bclort' cyci teaching the | cmtitan country.
[or llelios had kept watch lot hiiit. and toltl him the story.
He took his way back to his own house, licatt giieycd witliiti hirii.
and stood lllL'lt‘ ill the torccouit. with tilt: stl‘.ttgL‘ arich tipoii him.
and gave otlt a terrible cry and crillcd to all the iiitnioitals:
'l'lilliet‘ [cits and all you other blessed itniiioital
gotls. come here. in we a ridiculous sight. no seeuily
matter. how Aphrodite daughter ot /cus ltrlt.‘\L'I
holds iirc ili little from. hlit she loies ruinous Ares
because he is handsome. and goes sound on his lccl. while i lttii
misshapen lrom birth. ltiid lot this I hold no other responsible
btit my own lather and mother. and I wish they iieiei‘ had got me.
Now look and see. where these two hate gone to bed and lie there
lil love together. I ltiii sickened when l look at tltetii. and yet
I think they will not go oti lying thtis eieii tor a little.
much though they tire in love. I think tltcy wrll have no wish
lor sleeping. hilt then my lastenurgs and nty snare Will contain them
ttittil here hither pays back in ltill all my gills ol courtship
l pltid out into his hand tor the sake ol his bitch-eyed daughter.

Applications
are now available to

Campus Center 130

for Summer Assistants
at Camp Dipikill.

The 'pei’tr'rtl ol' tliilpltlyilll‘ltlr ill from:

May 26 to August 15, 1975 :

Appllollidoliil itl‘tf fillit‘ ill-illtl; ‘tt’t‘r‘[)l.r‘ti 1' Il‘
ONOOil.l(tlli’l)llltf lit‘tfillillilllll, Altltlll’:l.l.'.1 will
need [)l‘lttlltltiétl [fillttlrl‘lriilt' Hix'll'd‘it’llt‘tn

JOi) olit.ti,illr llill‘ llt't'k'lll) if rill willoi‘t‘iwritw
pl‘tooo sly/noun. Mitlrt. delimit, titll't‘ilz'tlir‘

ecltllpliiorit. riiitl iti:'.‘..:ill lil' :ryntorir.

Deadline for applications

is May 2at2 pm

For in rthoi" tiil'o.
lllllllt! to (ll‘. li'i'r' « t’ tiltii T 7000

liriir/t'il lo .iIlltll’llI t1|\l't til/roll
I I I I I I I I

The girl is beautiful indeed. but sheis intempente.
So he spoke. and the gods girtheredto the bout: with the brazen

lioor. Poseidon came. the shaker of the earth, and the kindly ‘ .

Hermes came. and the lord who works from afar. Apollo.

but the female gods remained each at her home. for modesty.

The gods. the givers of good things. stood there in the forecourt.

and among the blessed immortals uncontrollable laughter

went tip as they sliiv the handiwork of subtle Hephasitos.

And thus they would speak to etieh other. etieh looking til the god next
him:

'No virtue iii had dealings. See. the slow one has overtaken

the swift. as now slow Hephaistos has overtaken

Ares. swil'test of all the gods on ()lynrpos. by artifice,

though lie was lame. and Ares must pay the adtllterer‘s damage.‘

iliis was the way ol the gods as they conversed with each other.

bill the lord Apollo son oi Zeus said a word to Hermes:
‘llei'iries. son ol /.etis. guide and gi\er of good things. tell me.
wotild yott. caught tight in these strong I'listenitigs. be willing
to sleep in bed by the side ot Aphrodite the golden‘."

l'lten iii ttrrn the courier .r\rgeip|iontcs-‘ answered:

‘l.ord who strike lrom illlll'. Apollo. | wish it could only

he. arid there cotild he thi ice this number of endless fasteiiings.
and all you gods could he looking on litid all the goddesses.
and still I would sleep by the side ol Aphrodite the golden.’

He spoke. attd there was laughter among the immortals. only
there was no laughter Ior i’oscidoii. but he kept entreltting
licplitllsltls. the lainoits ci'littsiiiliii. asking hiiii to set Arcs
llce. and spoke .tlotrd to hurt arid .idtlii‘ssell htttt iii winged words:
'1 ct him go. and I guarantee he will pay whatcyct
you ask. all that is .ipproycd among the immortal deities.

lhcti lll ttiiii the renowned siiiiih oi the sttoiig ai'iris answered:
‘Shltkei ol the cattli. i’oscidoii. do not ttige this oil tiic.
llrc business ol \\lt.'l\'|lL'\ is wretched cyeii iti guarantee going.
lo what could I hold yott among the immortal gods. it Ares
were to go oli. .iyoidiiig botlt his debt and his bottdage'."

Ilieii til “it” l‘oseidoii. shaker ol the earth. answered:
“Ilephaistos. il .'\lL‘s goes oil and escapes. irot paying
anything he may owe you. lllL‘ll l mysell will pay tt.‘

trutlllllrt’t/ rill [ltllt't‘ .yr't't'ltll't'll

Fact/ Fiction Master
Isaac Asimov Coming

by Alan l)rmn
lslilic x\sinio\ . aiitliot til oyci |5ll
books oii such diyci‘sc topics as
science fiction. bioelictrrrsti'y and
Shakespeare. w ill be speakiiigoii the
future oi man in the('airtpus (‘entei'
liailroom \\’cdnc.sdliy night begin-
ning at it p.m. Admission is free with
a tax card and lilty cents without.
llie event is sponsored by Speaker's
l'orum.
_ l)r. Asiinm sold his first science Higmy acchlmed au‘horAsImov
liction story. wlrtcli took him a year
to write. iii Willi while a junior in to pamphlets lor the Atomiel nergy
college studying CilCllllbli‘)‘. He is ('oiiiitrissioii.
now associate pr'olessor at Boston Ihc science Iietioti hooks Ioi'
University School ol Mediciirc.lttitl which r\sinio\ is best known. the

 

his wi'itiiigltvcrltges 0111 to beat book
li month. In lidditioti to books. he
lilts htind reds ol articles to his credit
in publications ranging lroin [iii/lure

I‘rItIIIr/rllirirt 'lr'i/ogi. are a LlillL'Clltlll
ol episodes eoierilig millions tll
square miles of spliccltird thousands
ol years. ('iirioiisly. r\simo\ hiiiisell

 

STUDENTS FOR LIBERTARIANISM

Students lor Libertarianism will hold its first organizational meeting on
Tuesday. April 29, at 7:30 pm in LC-13. Students, Faculty and Staff are
invited to attend and participate in the discussion which will follow the

speakers‘ introductory remarks.
But: a Warning Must be issued:
DON‘T COME IF YOU BELIEVE:

i.) That the li‘ord-Rockefeller-Kissinger triumvlrutc has even
foggieat notion of what it is doing.

2.) That you have it right to another man's property.

8.) That the IRS is your friend.

ii.) That in the present. economic scenario. business and labor tire the
villains. and that Government is the hero.

5.) In the dole.

6.) That it Government-controlled economy leads to prosperity.

7.) That we must continue to build the military.

R.) ’i‘litit private sexual conduct should be controlled by the Government.
9.) That the Government has it right to decide who! substances you take

into your body.

.311

If you are interested in learning about the moat dynamic political
philosophy of this century. and perhaps joining STUDENTS FOR
LIBERTARIANXSM. than you will certainly want. to attend.

THE SPEAKERS WILL BE:

1 Mr. Donald Feder. Attorney. Chalrman ol the Capital Dlstrict Free Libertarian

Party.
Mr. John Deane. SUNY Student, Capital District Free Libertarian Party,

 

Dr. Albert Weiner. SUNY Professor. Capital District Frau Libertarian Party.

to.) That there is at basic difference between ntax-collecmrnndathtor.

 



Joe Hickenon. head at the
Archive of Folk Musicit the Library

of Congress. will perform at the

Rafters Coffee House on Sunday.
May 4, I975, at 8:30 p.m. Mr.
Hickerson has appeared at
numerous folklore festivals and
programs as a lecturer and per-

former. including the Fox Hollow ~

Festival in i’etersburg. New York.
He will appear at the Niskayuna
High School Festival on May l and
2. He has recorded one album of
foiksongs and balhds available on
Folk Legacy Records.

Mr. Hiekerson was born iii
Highland Park. lllinois, spent his
early years in New Haven. Connec-
tieul. and received a~ BA. from
Oberlin College. and an M.A. and
doctorate in folklore from lndiana
University. At both Oberlin and Irr-
dilmli he sen'cd as ﬁrst president oi
the folk Song Club. Since l9tr9 he
has been chltimian ol'tlie committee
on /\rehi\ing for the American
l-olklo re Society. llehas also ser'ictl
as president and book review editor
oi the l~o|k|orc Society of Greater
Washington. l).('.

It is article on “Folk Music oi the

l‘nited States“ hasltppclircd annual-
ly in the [fur i‘t‘llt/It't/itl lIrIcI‘rrrr/r'orru/
since I972. and his compilation ol
general bibliography on Anicrteaii
l'trlkstrttg appeared iii W74 in
-l litt'l rr rrrt I'o/li I'rir'llji': -lH
Irir/rologi. ptthlislied by l ittlc
llit-wit and to -\t the /\i‘elii\e ol
lolk \lttsrc oi the I ibrary oi ('oii-
grcss he has compiled scyeral direc-
toi'tes til lolklotc lestozils.
orgatii/lrtrons. .iiid publications
which liliyc lccciycd wide cit'cttl:i«
llitll. llie ‘\i'L‘ill\C ol l'olksoiig tilts
established to WIN its the national
repository tor raw materials
lriiaitriseitpts. llcld recordings. L'th
pertaining to ‘\iilcllt‘ilti lolksoiig
and lilllslt.

lltc Rollers ('oltcc House is
located in ( hapel Iloiise oil the hit,
across the street tiorii the gym. [to
doors open at -\:ltlt p.m. lhcic is it.
liiliiiissroti charge bill a donation t
tctpicslcd.

___——-———-

halcs to tiaicl. lie sttys til piospct
tire trips tioni home: "It ll rsdistatit
enough to ictttiiiclitt lraycl |.iiw.rys
say tio since l(ltllltllllM‘ulll‘iH'w"

l)r. \simoy‘s i‘eecut \isii to lit
lltitt last year tiraikcd his lost torcigi.
touiticy since the age at llttcc when
he went to '\lllt.‘llL'il lioiii his
birthplace in Russia. In I iig|.iiid he
has installed as honorary \tct-
president ol international \leitsa.
the olgtini/atioii tor people with
high Il‘)‘s who want to meet other
people with high It‘i's. During the
>|tllllllt."\ to | iiglliiiil by boat.
howc\ ct. he wrote .in article casting
doutrt on the urine in It) tests.

According to \sitiitn. “IQ
measures the e\tcnt to w hich the set
at your itiiiid his the set ol the iriiiid
at those who tii\eirt |thsts.and tl is
my good minute that the kind ol
people who lIl\L‘lil IQ tests hate my
kind ol mind.“ ‘

Parish Visitors of Mary immaculate

 

LII-IIIIIIIIIIIIIII

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

APRIL 29, 1978

byes-u”...

 

