1.30.000 V ts. 'l'h
 organization works to represent- and
a coat I
SUNY students on a statewnde basis,
that is, to _ the Board'ot Trustees _and
Central Admirnstrution "oil the State

of Governor and the other
Exe’cutfveagericies. ' 

inteierits and: welfare of;

UniverpityJOthelegislahrrenheotiicel '  

.SASU is‘an independent'studentv

organization . and' its positions
I reprocent student opinion  not that
unusual; Unwersity or' the SUNY
Bouldoi Trustees. ' .
Finances '

SASU is funded by dues from
campus student activity fees which are
apportioned onthe basis of 60 cents.
per full time equivalent student. The
dues '[level is set by. the Delegate
Assembly and each campus student
government or student body
voluntarily chooses each year to be a
member of the organization.

Dues are used to provide a variety of
services
governments including sponsorship of
purchasing cooperatives, insurance
programs, travel programs and
concert booking, information and
research on campus and state-wide
issues, and, press communications on
news of state—wide interest.

Legislative Activities

SASU restricts its legislative
advocacy to only those issues directly
related to higher education or which"
directly affect the interests of SUNY
students in their capacity as students.

if!” ,lrf/l r

illllll if"

“We'd all very much like to see him buried, but he is

tenured. you 'know . . .
Examples of such issues include:
student financial aid, SUNY Budget,
SUNY tuition and room rent, university
governance, and student rights
including voting rights.

SASU Legislative Concerns

The following outline lists some of
the posrtions-and issues which SASU
has already decided to pursue during
the 1975 legislative session.

I. Automatic Top Priorities

1. Maintain adequate state funding
of SUNY to prevent any increase in
tuition or room _ rent or in
laculty/ student ratios or any decrease
in funding of temporary service jobs
for students or student service
programs.

2. Oppose any action which would
result in an increase in SUNY tuition or
room rent.

3. Oppose any proposal for the
Legislature to eliminate or regulate th a
mandatory student activity fee.

4. Oppose any cutbacks in ﬁnancial

for students and student!

.N ;

affect SUNY students.
11. Priorities forAction During the
1975 Legislative Session

A. Student membership on
Governing Boards—A voting student
member should be added to serve fora
one-year term on each of the following
governing boards: V

1. SUNY Board of Trustees—student
member should be elected by and
from the student Assembly of the State
University. Student member shall be a
memberofthe ExecutiveCommittee of
the Board of Trustees.

2. SUN Y Local College Councils——
student should be elected by and from
the respective_sludent body:

3. Community College Boards of
T rustees—student should be elected
by and from the reSpective student
body. '

4. New York City Board of Higher
Education—student should be elected
by and.,irom the University Student
Senate of the City University of New
York.

B. Open meetings of Governing
Boards
Require that all'meetings of the

 

t

SUNY Board of Trustees, the board of
trustees of each Community College,
and the Board of Higher Education of
the City of New York, at which formal
action is taken be open to the public
and that adequate notice be given of
such meetings.

C. Age of Majority

Amend the Alcoholic Beverage
Control Law to reduce to 18 the
minimum age oi anyone serving as an
officer or a member oi the board of
directors of a corporation that holds a
liquor license.

D. Tuition Assistance (TAP) and
Regents Scholarship Programs

1. Correct technical errors in the
Education Law to insure retention oi
the "Save Harmless Provision." This
provision which was included last year
because of the efforts oi SASU allows
students prior to the 73.79 academic
year to opt to receive their awards on
the basis of the new ﬁnancial aid
programs or by the provisions of the
old Scholar Incentive and Regents
Scholarship programs, whichever is
more advantageous to the student

s.

E. State Work Study Program
g The‘begislature should resolve to
create a state work study program and
should direct _the State Education
Department to research, develop and
propose a program for action by the
Legislature in' the 1976 legislative
session. Like the federal program,
eighty‘ percent of the cost should be
borne by the State with the remainder
provided by the sponsoringinstitution
or agency and a limit should be placed
on the number oi hours that can be

worked, e.g. fifteen to twenty hours per '

week. Students should be selected on
the basis of financial need but also
because of other considerations such
as skill, expertise, and interest in/areas
for which jobsare available. Unlike the
federal program, however, eligibility
for the program should not be limited
to on-campus jobs, but should actually
emphasize off-campus jobs which are

relatedghto students' major fields of

study or Career plans.

Gp‘itudent Voting Rights

The Election Law should be
amended to:

1. Strident Voting Residency

Permit students the option to choose
to register to vote at their college
residence or their parents residence,
depending on which they designate to
be their permanent residence. The
legal definition of residence should not
exclude residency in college
dormitories.

2. Standardize and Simplify
Absentee Registration and Ballot
Forms

a. Require the State Board of
Elections to establish a single state-
wide application form for absentee
registration and absentee ballots.

b. Require county and city boards of
elections to make copies of this
standard form available in bulk at

I colleges, hospitals, nursing homes and

other institutions where absentee
voting is prevalent, post offices and
other public facilities, and to
organizations which disseminate
voter registration, information.

c. Extend eligibility for absentee
registration and voting to include
unmatriculated college students.

d. Eliminate provisions requiring
absentee forms to be notarized and
signed by a third party to verify the
need for an absentee form.

. "ballot, u

" venooh ithe day before’the
'g.the_ lactic} ;  , _r
2. Continue the, provision in the

Regents Scholarship Program enacted '

last year which guarantees that at least
one scholarship will be‘ awarded each
year for every forty graduates from
each high school in the state. _
.3. Amend: the provision defining
ﬁnancial. independence of a student
from his or her pa'rentsib‘y eliminating
the requirement that an independent
student . establish a permanent
residence other than in a college
domiitory.
III. Proposals to Research and
Develop in 1975 I
A. Sales Tax on College Textbooks

Amend the Tax Law to exempt from
the state and local sales tax all
textbooks d by stores owned and
operated by approved colleges and
universities or by not-for-profit
educational corporations or
associations located on the campuses
oi such institutions which are sold to
students enrolled in such institutions.

B. Discrimination Against Students
in Housing Codes

Prohibit housing code regulations
which discriminate against unrelated
households.

C. Collective Bargaining in Public
Higher Education

The Civil Service _Law should be
amended to add the following
provisions in regard to collective'
bargaining by employees of public
institutions of higher education:

Permit representatives of student.

governance organizations to be
accorded third party observer status
during negotiations.

Collective bargaining agreements
should require the approval of the
institution's governing board.

-"Terms and Conditions of
Employment" should be defined so as
to exclude matters relating to
university governance.

D. Selection of Governing Board
Members

Provide for a broadly constituted
advisory committee to consult with the
Governor in the appointment of
members of the SUNY Board of
Trustees.

E. Financial
Students

Aid

for Pa rt- ti me

Tuition Assistance Program

Eligibility for awards should be
extended to include half-tune students
(those carrying 6 credits or more) who
are matriculated in associate or
baccalau reate degree programs. Such
students would receive awards equal
to one-half of the award that tlt’ey would
be entitled to as lullrttme students. For
the purpose of determining the
number of semesters for which
students are eligible for aid, each
semester asa half time student shall be
counted as one—half of a full<time
semester,

F. Campus Day Care Facilities

Establish a program of state aid to
day care facilities atcollege campuses.

'WAM

sear rs reservedle

 

aid, programs which would adversely

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘4. new. ~ 7 s,

MARCH 4, 1975

tel

‘v-ﬁ- bna pew.— “w a...

Student Input

0 the Edltor:

The search for a College of Arts and
cicnces Dean provides the upproprlutc
ccusion for a restatement of the need for
iudcnt voting rights on tenure committees.
r. Seymour Geisscr. a candidate for the
osition. has stated that students should not
uvc a vote on tenure committees. In addition.
e feels that professors should bcjudgcd on
cholurship. teachingund service by in group of
cars. .

A professor‘s colleagues arc the best judgcs
f scholarship. but are they better rrblc to
udge his teaching ability than are surdcrns‘.’

ucstions about the professor‘s lccturc stylc.
oursc organization. accessibility to students,
achievement of objectives. choice of reading
mutcriul and fairness and thoroughness in
evaluating student work are kcy to the tenure
grunting process. These questions must be
dealt with from all possible perspectives.
including that of students.

The argument is made [but cvtlluntlons
completed by students for all tcuchcr's in all
departments sufficiently informs the faculty
of student VlCWS. But of whru value is this
information it'thcrc is no assurance of it being
uclcd on when the all-important vote is tukcn‘.’
Situations may arise when n professor‘s
scholarly cndcuvors urc nationally rccogni/cd.
Who. then, can guarantee than the utiiminc
tcnurc decision will reflect consideration of
the professor's tcuching ability as wull‘.l In
contrast to a college. u university should plucc
rr good dcrrl of emphasis on scholarship. bur
consideration of touching ability cuunol bc
givcn second priorin of we rrrc sinccr‘cly
inicrcslcd in maintuiningrin outstanding stuff.

The rihovcurgumcnt isu ruiionrrl one. ‘l'hcrc
need be no reference to student power. No
thrcrri to teacher job security or ucrrdcmic
freedom is posed. And there is no mention of
the notion that those who pay should have u
say in the matter.

The point here is that lcnurcCommillucs cun
fulfill their rcsponsihiliiics more effectively it
issues of scholarship. touching und scrvicc urc
ruled on from the varying perspectives of ull
parties concerned.

lrn Zimmcrmun

“No Taxation..."

To the Editor:

In the February 25. 1975 issue of lhc .‘IAI'
there was an article by Betty Stein. concerncd
with the mandatory student tux. The first
sentence of Ms. Stein's article was “As many
students already know. a referendum will be
held on March 4—6 to determine whcthcr lhc
prcscni mandatory student tux policy is to be
maintained or instead rcpluccd with u
voluntary payment policy." I feel that many
students do not know ofthls referendum and
SA ought to publicize it more than it has.

The rrriiCIc dealt with the rcrrsons behind the
upcominng referendum and the possibilities
offered in place of the mundzuory tux. Mr.
Stringer ut'onncrAlbunyuridcrgrrrduulc. turd
criticized the mandatory tax policy in I970.
He sought to eliminate the mandatory tux rind
rcplrlcc it with n “pay-rrs-you-go" or voluntary
basis.

[Support Mr. Slringcr‘s views. Why should

MARCH 4, 1975

the students of lhisuniversity be forced to pay a
mandatory tax to fond programs they have
little or no interest in'.’ Instead. I favor an
itemized voluntary tux. whereby the student is
allowed to choose for his or herself those
programs he or she wishes to fund or support.
The students of this campus should not be
cocrccd by SA and the Bursar‘s Ofﬁce to fund
that which they do not uscorcunnot pity for.

This referendum was put on very short
notice and deﬁnitely is to the disadvantage of
those opposing the mandatory tax. There is
precious little time to mount rmy opposition
against this inridcquruc rind unfnir tux.

The time is now for the studcntsofSUNYA
to cxcrcisc their right of representative
irritation and votc uguiust lhc mandatory
student tux. A requirement of n 20% voter
turnout is necessary for u binding votc.
repealing lhc mundruory urx. The next chance
for rr rcpcul won‘t occuruguin until l977. so it‘s
lhc lirsl cluincc for many students to exercise
thcir pcrogutivc and rights on this issue.

M urtin l’rnchcu

lit/ilol'b tom .4 Iii/l our pastor] (II ltl.\‘l
ll ’r'rlllrsr/(Ir'ir ('rumri/ Htr'i‘lilly [irrrlprming Ilu'
m.\ I'r'lr'l'r‘llrlllltt Ill/Spring. 'l'lu'i .rlruu/rlim'urr‘
u Im‘gm' vo/r'r Illl‘lmlll.

Brass Tacks

lo the Editor:

ltob Muycr writes n column for the ASP
culillcd. “Notes from lhc House of thc
Dcudz". After rcrrdiug it. morc ot'lcu than not 1
n In forced to wonder u try . Docsu't hc lruvc nuy
llsclul hobbics'.’ llc jusl ncvcr sccms to my
nuylliing (cg. his hrrllinnt inrtlcptlr unulysis of
Scoop Jack sou): iunl \\ hart ltL‘ docsn‘t suy. he
doesn't \uy \\ till a: rudc luck of style. structure,
and un. It hurt golicn lo the point where 1
would hmc prulcrrcd lo sci: u rc—prinl oilhut
“poi truii' ol |):r\c(‘o_\ nc ll')lliglil.‘. best to look
srnurl-bul-smy you pt‘lnlL‘d u couplc of weeks
ugo (is lhut I'r'rllll‘golilltl bcon lhc covcr' of his
next rillium'li.

Wcll. “uh lodny‘s ‘cssuy‘ ("licucrrlh lhc
thcl." 2 25) M r. M uycr‘ tins lolully changed
on rcncrion to his ncur-wcckly ultcmpi to
uudcrnnnc ihc rights of ii Ircc pic.“ in lhls
country. llc no longer bores inc. llc now
insults rind ot'tcnds mc. Willi tluslcllcr. lhopc
to rcluru lhc fuvor.

Upon rcudlng “llcncutlr thc thcl“ l was
lorccrl lo conclude lhru Mr. Mriycr thinks lllS
rcudiug audience has the political uwurcncss
of rm Eiscnhowcr supporter. and the
journalistic sensitivity of am “Enquirer”
subscriber.

Let‘s get down to bruss tucks. Mr. Mayor‘s
opening ‘purugruph‘ is it good indicator of
what is to follow. “I always inrugrncd that
somehow people involved in no institution 
lllgllL‘l‘ lcrrrningwerc trunrunisis." . . . ltvSEltl
DEFINl'l‘lON 0F ‘llUMANlS’l" HERE...
"I thought rluu all the talk about universities

 

 

 

 

'I‘ln' Albuny Surdcnt l’rcss rr'rl'rvr's

Iltr‘ .m/r' rmlu Io/n‘ml or r'rlll l.rI/r'r.\ Io Ilrc

Iz'rlilor. Sulmlil lr'I/rri I|'/Ir'|\‘I'lIl¢'Ii Io (‘('

.L‘o lur‘ r'wrrir/r'ralnm. Arc/1 Ill(l.\'(‘ tun/s
unrl lullm mining. [of/(J!

 

 

 

 

 

 

being centers of yes intellect

intellectual development was basically true.
(“Where troubles melt like lemon’dropr—a
way up on the chimney tops . . . where pretty
little bluebirds fly—oh. why . . . oh. why . . .
wh. why . . . can't _. . . l‘.". . .“——tyrics from
“Somewhere Over the Rainbow”). (That
explains it—BOB MAYER IS FROM
KANSAS” Thus. we begin with that classic
of bad iournulism—thc unsubstantiated
bullshit premise. I mean. WHY did MLMaycr
"imuglne"lhcsc things’M/hcre has he been since
Sputnik l—on Easter Island. waiting for a
cult?

Not content to lay the premise out only
once. he drives the rusty unit in further-~“l
cvcn believed that going to college would
cturngc mc somehow from a rough.
undisciplined crcuiurc into a fine polished
thoughtful youngmun . . ." ((i ROAN) Need I
present rrny more proof as to the inaccuracies
of Mr. Mayer‘s conceptions about the
University?

But finally, ill lcrist. we have thcjunrping—off
poin for Mr. Mayer's cssiiy. chowskitlfully
draws the connection between the Obscure
Quote and his insightful remarks about
SUNY/t. How docs be do it‘! fly writing~
“Pondering both this remark us well us the
state of SUNY/t us I see it illuslrrucs clczrrly
how rcmovcd we have become from the noblc
ideas of enlightenment“ Mr. Muycr then
proceeds to ponder. and ponder. and ponder.
First. he ponders “The Administration."
‘l‘hcy. of course. are more concerned with the
efficiency of operation and public image ofthc
University lhun thcgrrrrrmirigof‘l‘rnc polished
thoughtful“ young men rind women. Then. he
pundch “lhc Faculty.“ 'l‘lrcy. of course. are
"cowurds" who are either selfisth interested
in bcltcrlng their cnrccrs. or too intimidated
by lhc system of pro motion and tenure to fight
for what. in their lrcurts.tlrcy know is right.
M r. Muycr docs ncknowlcdgc the
“courageous minority" of faculty members
who ‘spcrrk up und don‘t bow down and
worship in sick academic syﬁtcm." but he goes
on to point out than “lhc system is so sci up its
to ensure that their numbers dccrcusc cvcn
l'urihcr." And. finrrlly. Mr. Muycr ponders
"lhc students“ (very clever. than shift to lower
cusc). They of course. “suffer the most.
because it is their education than is short
changed.“ However. here ut lhc irril end Mr.
Mnycr throws it little curve into the striught
tinc (llkc lhc curdlogrnm of n corpse) lhiil has
been his essay. Hc introduces «what’s
rtris‘li‘.’ students ttuu nrcn‘i “The students" 7
“For sure. those students who come here 'dl'ld
wrrnl to become doctors. and nurses. rind
atmospheric ' icnlists“ ATMOSPHERIC
.S‘('ll-.'.\"I'I.S"I  “cun do so if they simply
follow the game plan but lhcrc is more.“ Yes,
l‘m ul'ruid lhcrc is more 7 “Just the fact that
thc gout is the ‘succcssl'ul mun‘witlr lhc ‘sccurc
_job' illustrates how wclt we are shafted."
Amcn.

To sum up. Mr. Muycr. I found your cssuy
poorly written. cliclic-rlddcn. poorly
struclurcd. rind with nothing frcxh or original
to say. You mudc outlundisli sltrlcmcnls
without the flirnsicst support ofl'crcd to mid
weight to them. You ripprouchcd lhc concept
of ihc univcrsily us though it wore in n void.
mrrking no uucmpi to understand it as an
cxlcnsion of it highly irrdusirirrlircd society
with u fur-reaching. burcriucrrnic govcrnment
(Albany is n .r/alr universiryl). Notice. I
"undcrsumd" and not appreciate. or respect.
For t urn probably no bigger a fun of the
univcrsity than you urc. Mr. Muycr. Your
csstly. with its total effective means ofpointing
out the poor education offcrcd til the
university. . . Class of ’74?

Dave Wainwright

Back to Basics

To the Editor:

We are today contending with u food crisis
which is lhc embodiment of several major
chultcngcs l0 humankind. These include
producing and preparing sufﬁcient quantities
of food stuffs to keep the specter of famine ut
buy. irnd ending the systematic depletion and
contumiuruion of the ecosystem from which
we drmv our llfc.

tn confronting this unrulgrrm of challenges.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

necessarily understand or'evince a willrngn

to try to understand or change tti

insiiturionulized practices which have brought
us into such a crisis. We accept the status quo ’
and perform our calculations from that point .
on. I '

For example. factory farming has
extinguished. or irrevocably altered the nature
of many age old slruins of cultivutublc food
sources. It has slugnntcd lhc dynamic
cvolullon of thc ccr ‘vslcm und pcrvcricd its
bulunccd integrity. us can bc cvidcnccd in our
over-dependence on the success of a mass
produced crop. Formerly self-sufficient
agricultural systems are led into a relutionship
of consumer dependency on the multintional
risksscs us they subscribe first to "modernity"
and then the new consumptive habits.
Co mmcrciul ugricullu rut scientists proclaimed
lhc dawning of the green rcvolurion‘ with the
advent of petroleum fertilizers. But their use
serves as a mere pulliutivc measure for the
short run. it windfall to multinational
corportutions. and on cxnccrbution of the
crisis ovcr the long run.

In this country diciiciuns nrutlcr-of—fuctly
calculate the prcscnl and future nutritional
"needs" and "demands" of our bodies on the
basis of our present consumptive habits and
tastes. 'l'hcsc hublts and tastes which are
inllorud by agribusiness. lllld which in turn
determine its conduct. nrc not themselves
questioncd us to their wnstcfuttncss. or their
rumit'icruions for the rust of thc world. The
nutritional content of the food thcsc tustcs cull
for is uppruiscd arr-cording to thc surndzrrds
mundntcd by ugi‘lhusincss lobbies in
Washington.

the knowlcdgc of nutrition by the rucrugc
Amcl'icun indccd. ol lhc instiluliouul
riicticlrrn. is upprrlling. ll of“ cullllnllL‘ to he
so us long us nutrition is dcfincd In rurms ot'
prolllubilily und comcnicncc :urrl lhc xltllus
quo. As long as dict is dclcl‘nnncd by
com cnlion oi insiilulionus of mulpruporliou.
this food crisis concculric lo lhc World‘s food
Crisis \\ ill continuc.

II' we rrrc to arm 0 ul rr bcltcr uurlcrsluuding
of the dimensions of this lood crisis. uc musl
not bc :rt'rrritl Io pur'suc u rudicul unulysis. In
this cirsc uc nursl turn to iln: subtle
cumplcxiiicsoi tlicccosystcm..rnull lou lllltlUl'-
ulili/cd Icuchcr uml source of wisdom. ll ulso
iuvolvm oursclws. rnduiduarlly. Iu lhc self-
dclcrminulion of our physical constitutions
(since no ul'c c\uct|) ulrut wc cult and our
personal l'L‘lilllOllh uith lhc ccosystcm. So we
must be self-questioning. A r'udicul
undcrslunding which ls seen to incorporate the
individual into the analysis. is one which calls
for personal responsibility function. One can
never do nothing. bccrrusc non-uclion is at
tcnsl uquicsccncc to the status quo.

Within the microcosm of Albany State
ihcrc are some of us who feel lhc nccd forsuch
:In uudcrsurnding. We believe than there is u
little more to the nutrition story than gcuing
your ‘J squurcs" and “four barsic food
groups." We believe in the strength of
organized collccl'nc action. tllld scc the need
for an cduczilionr action nrovcmcni.consisting
primarily of rhosc who pnrliclpruc in FSA
mcnl plrurs. which fuses undcrslunding with u
dctc'nninruion to rcgrrin control over the
constitution of our own bodies and the
authorship ol our own rclrulons wiltr the
ecosystem which subsumes people und all
other tiring things. that will hc rm interest
urccting 'l'ucsduy night au7100 p.ln. in the
Fireside Lounge for illl pcoptc who would be
inicrcslcd in setting up tllld participating in
education/fiction workshops and
investigruing uticrnutivcs rowrirds these ends.

Kicrun Donughy

PAGE NINE

 

 

 

 

