_ air was. the '(ireeks,'god of

woodlands, pastures. and flocks. His
.n'ative distri , was "Arcadia, the
;;woosfed rid-mountainous center of

onnesus. His father. it was "

believed. was Hermes. who had also
been born in Arcadia; but there is no
agtet ment in the ancient sources on
the identity of his mother. Pan‘s
principal function was to assure the
fertility of the ﬂocks. Thus it stands
to reason that he was an amorous
god. forever chasing nymphs, if we
may believe numerous-Greek vase
paintings. Two victims of the god's
lust were Echo and Syrinx. Echo rc-
jected his advances, and he punished
her by striking herdumb. leaving her
only the power of repetition. Syrinx.
when pursued by Pan. was changed

v i ' to meat; of these he fashioned the
pipes which he‘ liked to play.

_ ‘ Pan’s appearance was grotesque
'to the point of being terrifying. He
had the legs. the ears, and the horns
of a goat. He could strike people
with‘imdden fearfhen‘ce our word
panic. He is the .source of the
medieval image of the Devil. When
he was an infant, according to one of
the Homeric Hymns. he so frighten-
ed his nurse that she abandoned him. .
His father Hermes than carried him
to Mt. Olympus, where he delighted
all the gods.

In Athens Pan was not known
before‘ 490 B.C. In that year the
Athenians sent a runner to Sparta to
request the help of the Spartans

 

against the Persians (whom they
were shortly to defeat'at Marathon

' without Spartan help). On his way to
Sparta the runner passed through
the mountains of Arcadia. where he.
encountered Pan. The god inquired
why the Athenians paid no attention
to him although he was friendly to
them. The Athenians then dedicated
a cave on the North slope of the
Acropolis as a shrine to Pan and in-
stituted in his honor an annual
ceremony with a torch-race and
sacrifices. In Plato‘s Phaerlrus
Socrates addresses to PM a
beautiful prayer.

How sad that there is no Pan in
our woods playing his pipes or chas-
ing nymphs.

 

V Ex-Mahavishnu Cobham Here-

by Matt Kaufman
and Spence Ragglo

On Friday. at ten pm. in the CC
ballroom. Concert Board will pre-
sent Billy Cobbam. one show only.
Finally realizing the growing pop-
ularity ofjazz/ rock artists. UCB has
begun to use a little common sense.

Cobham. a veteran of Miles Davis
and the Mahavishnu'Orchestra. has
ventured ‘out on his own after the
Mahavishnu break-up. Since then.
he has realeased three 'excellent
albums: Spectrum, Crasswr'nds, and
Tom! Eclipse.

Friday night's group will be the
same musicians as on the Total
Eclipse album with one exception:

Mike Brecker on woodwinds. Randy
Breeker on trumpet. Alex Blake on
bass. Milcho chicv on key boards
and Glenn Ferris on trombone.
Replacing John Abcrcrombie on
guitar is John Seofield.

Unlike Ginger Baker’s old Air
Force. the music is not centered
around the talents of )hc drummer,
,even though he is the leader of the
band. The emphasis is on the
development of the group as a
whole. each instrument and musi—
cian complementing each other.

There won‘t be ticket sales at the
door. so get them while they last in
the game room; Concert Board ex-
pects to be sold out by Wednesday or

Thursday.

As you read this, Led Zeppelin
will have already ﬁnished their ﬁrst
night at the Garden and will be set-
ting up to play their ﬁrst Coliseum
date. Their eight week tourwill reach
26 cities; all totalled, 35 concerts. in-
cluding six New York City alone.
something no other group has
attempted. Needless to say. all six
shows were almost immediately sold
out. so those of you who have
tickets—Enjoy. As for the rest of
you. eat you hearts out!

The second big concert of 1975.
Jethro Tull in two shows at the Gar-
den rind two at the Coliseum during
the first week of March. is also sold

~Theatrics of Modern Dance

by Leslie Eisenstein

Unity and Diversity: a central idea
held together by unique variations.
It was upon this theme that Thurs-
day night‘s Modern Dance perfor-
martecrrcvolved.

Presented by SUNY Dance Coun-
cil. three members of New York‘s
Dance Theater Workshop. .lcff

Duncan. Wendy Summit and Art‘

Baumrin choreographed rind per-
formed ﬁve unique rind interesting
dance routines.

'llici'r style of dancing might be
termed l)rrlmaticril-Abstrrict Dance.
This is the merging ol I’ui'c Abstract
Dance (where the concentration is
solely on form and technique) and
Dramatic Dance (with more of ii
central idea or story behind it). Con—
taining such elements as speech.

mime. costuming. scenery rind
lighting. this performance brought
nut the theatrical aspects of Modern
Dance.

One idea which I thought especial-
ly interesting was found in a routine
entitledh “Dialog” (choreographed
and performed by Art liaurnrin). It
involved the use of mixed media.
"Dialog" is every biisiricssmun‘s lu-
ment; the hectic frustration of the
financial world. Rather than
background music. the soundtrack is
made up of a computci‘likc series of
noises. possibly illustrating a world
of tension and aggravation. lint
inorc irnportiiril was the uscol vtsuril
aids. An ever-moving l'ilmstrip in the
background seemed to bombard the
dancer with scenes from his life his
world crashing in around him.

An open clan held by Dance Theater Workshop.

PAGE TEN

The reason that movie
background is so seldom used. is un-
fortunately. monetary. “Dialog.”
originally filmed in was. cost
around $150. Whereas if the same
production were to be reproduced
today. it would run somewhere
around $l.000.

The directors of Dance Theater
Workshop believe that a rncanirtgfui
drincc art has its roots in a strong
diversified choreography. New ideas
must be tested by dancer‘s before
audiences. and the Workshop was
created to be a place where this could
happen. Since its founding in April.
|‘)()5. DTW has produced over 463
works by lot) choreographers. three-
quarters of which were premiers.

chf. Wendy and Art held open
workshops in the gymnasium the
week of Jim. 27 tlirotigli Feb. i. In
these classes the students were
tuuglil many of the basic forms.
positions and cacrciscs used in
Thursday night‘s production, liut. as
Jeff explained. learning the "steps"
does not make it true dancer.

l’crlirips drinciiig rind
choreography could licsl bc com<
prircd to it child lcriiiiiiig to speak.
First he must learn basic sounds.
thcii syllables until finally he iiicrgcs
everything he hur- lt:tll‘llctl into
original L'tillllllilillltlllh. each time
inriinng a unique sentence.

lhc dancer must learn to use his
body. putting togctlicr the best
possible techniques into a beautiful.
yet effective performance. T his I iecl
was expertly accomplished by Jeff.
Wendy rind Art. liach of them hav-
ing over twenty years ofdancing ex-
perience, they have been working
together in Tllt: Workshop fol‘ the
past ten years.

A mask of the god Pan on the handle of a bronze lug.

out—or close enough to it not to
make any real difference. The
problem was that there was such a
riot to get Zeppelin tickets. Tull was
sold out almost before anyone knew
they were on sale.

In the Albany area. the concert
scene for the rest of the semester

looks good. Sponsored by SUNYA.
Focus. Frank Zappa. Elvin Bishop
and Marshall Tucker are all
scheduled to appear at the Palace.
Hopes are still high for Jefferson
Starship and Billy Joel. rind rumors
are floating around that RI’I may
have procured Renaissance.

Denise Fitzgerald holds back Lulz Nunes and Carol Tanzman so that

she can be first to speak to the Queen In a scene from “ Far Oil Fables”.

a children's theatre play to be presented on March 1 and 2 at 1:00 and

2:30 pm. in the Studio Theatre at the SUNYA Performing Arts Center.

Admission is free; tickets available at the PAC box office one hour
before each performance.

Children’s Theater

lhc l- \ pciiriicuinl llieriti‘c
program of lliL' Sirilc University of
New York at Albany will sponsor a
clultlr’cli's tliciitic touring slum cri-
litlctl "l‘nr ()lf l'riblcs” which \Hll
llll\L' Ioui pit‘HL‘“ pcrloininiu‘cs at
Hill and 2.10 pin on Saturday and
Sunday March l and 2 ill the Studio
llit.'lili't' of the S l‘ NY A. l'cilor-
ming Arts (cuter. l'icc tickets Will
be available one hour before ctlcll
show til the l’./\.t'. box office.

The production is a joint indepen-
dent Sluin project involving scveii

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

.5 ii N.\'.A tlicrilic students llic
project's diiccloi. |)c\oirih lusinriii.
has adapted the cliiltlicri's tlicriii’c
\t'lipl \\liic|i incorpolrilcs lolk trilcs.
iruisic rind dance floor five different
countries llic acting ciisciiiblc. lliL'
lcll ~ lrilc Players. in t.‘t|lli|)ll.\L‘tl ol
tinct- men and threw \vouicu cricli of
whom plays it lilllllllllltil oi sis iolcs:
Denis i-it/gci'rild. Louise lt/ici‘. l.ui/.
Nnncs. ('liiisioplici' l'riirl. ('airol
lllllllililii. rind ('hiirlcs Vanuliriu.
lirich iiicinbci‘. of the learn of seven.
fulfills at least one technical lunctiou
us well on his or her onstage roles.

FEBRUARY 4, 1975

byNiiha'n salant

 

O ' 0
-ln A.M.I.A. Floor Hockey Action Sunday...
Dlvhlon A ' - , 

Bob‘Santoro scored three goals and assisted on two others. and Dave
Hutner scored and assisted twice. as the State‘s Blues smothered the Fire. 6-3.
Santoro scored his ﬁrst goal on a breakaway at this of period one. to tie the
game H. The Fire had scored earlier, when Steve Hartmann riﬂed one past
Blues‘ goalie Bill Stech. .

The second period opened with Santoro setting up Hutner's'lirst goal. at
5:00. and then scoring his second at l0:02. Rich Panson scored a breakaway
goal for the Fire at l 1:00, before Hutner. Herve Guiteau. and Santoro made
it a 6-2 game with three third period goals. Torn Rheinhart scored on a
Hartmann pass with 4 seconds left in the game. but the Fire had already burnt
out...

The Cheekies scored 3rd period goals in a come from behind win over
Something Special. The Specials led l-0 through two periodsplus 4 minutes,
on a rebound score by Steve Eisenman, before the Cheekies rallied.

Larry Kahan tied it at 4:00 into period three. and with just 40 seconds left in
the game. John Romano scored what proved to be the winning goal. Tom
Martin found the open not twenty seconds later. making the ﬁnal score 3-I...

Jeff Webermari scored two goals. and Scott Dcrnner and Steve Greenwaid
each picked up a goal and an assist. as Nate's Nanooks winged the Hawks. 5-

|. Demner took a pass from Greenwaid in at 5: I2 ofpcriod one. giving the
Nanooks a l-0 lead. Two minutes later, Bill Popeeki‘s l5-footcr was tipped
past a startled Hawk‘s netminder. by an equally surprised Webermrrn.
Greenwaid tallied at l2:47. to make it 3-0 after one period.

Jeff Fry got the Hawks on the board at the 50 second mark of the second
period. but Steve Katz equalled that tally. rind Weberman‘s breakaway at

l0223 of period two completed the scoring.

Dlvisiun B

Brad Seid‘s unassisted goal at the 3:50 mark of the second period gavcthe
Whalers . l-0 win over S'l‘li. Scid lends the league in goals with eight...

The Mother Fuckers shot down the Yuks. l-0. on an unassisted second
period goal by Bob Clifford...

Jay Wasscrman collected two goals. and Bob l’ripc and Tom Herman each
scored. as the Colonists came from behind to beat Poke's Pucks. 4-I. The
Pucks led 1-0 on a ﬁrst period goal by Dennis Alt man, before I’apc took a
Herman feed in at 2: l7 of period two. llcrman scored at the six minute mark.
and Wasserman tallied at 12:2l of period twu.and l2205 ofthethird period...

"No". sparked by Jim lacona‘s 2 goals rind assist. defeated the IN D‘s. 4-l.
lacona ked-fed Dennis O‘Toole at l0:50 of period one to put “No” ahead
to stay. Iaeona‘s two goals brokcit open in the second period. before l’aul
Shrtllenberger broke up the shutout with two minutes left in the game.

All floor hockey captains are reminded that they must haven“ of their sticks
properly padded with foam rubber and taped with while tape prior to
sunddyh games. Floor Hockey Standings
Division A

. I'ts.
Nate's Nanooks . o
Chcckies
State’s Blues
The Fire
Hawks
Something Special

Division I!

Whalers
Colonists

“Non

Mother Puckers

l’oke‘s Pucks

IiVI)‘s

Yak‘s

STE 0

Women‘s paddlehall tournament

The A.M.I.A. has organized a women‘s priddleball tournament. Anyone
interested in participating is risked to c me up to ((1150 and sign up.

League I Championship

The A.M.I.A. League I Iiiisketbnll Championship will be at stake tonight.
when Gary Sussmnn leads his Colossus onto the court versus Ilarold
Merritt‘s l’rinanin Red. (ininc-linic is scheduled for 0:15. or immediately
after the varsity wrestling match versus U. of Mass.

000Ooooaaooooooaaoeooooooaoooacoco-0000000.‘

A Membership Drive is now
in progress for
interested

business students

to join a professional business

fraternity.
For Information call
Dave Raines 7-4655.

Faaauaagr 4, 1975

byMaerieii-nai " "V ‘ 

“Flying high in April. shot down
in‘ May.” or worda to that effect. ex-
press the results of the Women'sVuLV
sity basketball games over the'paat
weekend. as they demolished
Binghamton 62-20 Thursday night.
and dropped a heart-breaker to Buf-
falo. 5l-48. Saturday.

Instead of evening their record.
the three point loss to Buffalo left the
.women with a I-3 record.

Thursday night's home contest
against Binghamton was really no
contest at all. With Vita Davis scor-
ing as many points (20) as the entire
Binghamton squad.and Albany just
outplaying the opposition both
offensively and defensively. the
charge could have been murderone.'

Co-captain Wendy Gath opened
the scoring when she came down
with an offensive rebound and laid it
home much to the joy of her
vociferous cheering section. With
Sue Winthrop hittingashortjumper
and Davis coming up with a mid-
court steal and driving layup. the
locals led 6-0. Two Davis jumpers
rind co—captain Mary Ellen Foley's
layup sandwiched around two
Binghamton buckets made it a I2-4
game with six minutes gone by.

Binghamton's baskets were
becoming more rind more scarecand
the women took advantage of this by
scoring almost at will. Davis.
meanwhile. was just dominating the
game; shooting. rebounding. and
passing. A couple of twenty foot
jumpers and some ﬁne passes
resulted in point after Albany point
with liinghnmton unable to do
anything about it. A quick glance at
the scoreboard showed Home-24.
Visitors-6! A l2-2 Albany burst to
close out the ﬁrst half put the locals
up by an incredible 34—8 score with
seemingly very little effort.

Foley opened the second half scor-
ing with a i0-foot jumper and
Albany was on its way again! With
the score now 38-l0. the other cap-
tain decided to get into the act. A
Cathy Dower to Oath backdoor
play. two driving layups. and an in-
credible semi-hook jumper later and
(lath had eight consecutive points on
the board and thcwholecrowd on its
feet! From there, it wasjust a ques-
tion as to how many points the
winners wouki pile up. Davis' 20
points led all scorers while Gath
picked up ten for Albany. Bingbam-
ton‘s Patricia Jennings picked up
half of her team‘s points as she
snared tcn.

Iiut the Buffalo game on Saturday
was a different story. Both teams
urine out shooting rind both were
penetrating very well. Davis (who
led Albany with l9) again was the
story for the locals. She scored licr
points when most needed. as the
game sec-sawed back and forth.
Albany led 27—25 at the halibut was.
unable to hold the lead as foul trou-
ble and injuries caught up with the

y _ fruit. _
Winthrop. and

Vicki Girko all or four fouls with a '

few minutes to p and half of the
bench was dangerously close to the
same fate before the game was over.
To make matters worse. couptaina
Foley and Gath were also having
their woes; Foley with a high fever.
'possibly the ﬂu. and Goth. nursing
an ankle injury which sidelined her
in. the crucial last minutes.
Meanwhile Buffalo's Karen Carr
was popping in shots from allover
the court as Buffalo grabbed the lead
with a few minutes to go and slaved
off an Albany comeback.

’ ” lllgair'i‘and were
Ifo'ree'd to foil], The ,‘re‘s'ultingf free
throws with no time lefton the clock" ’
yielded the ﬁnal score and ended i
frustrating night. i ’

Karen Carr led all scorers with a)
points while Davis paced the Albany ;
women with I9. Dorethea Brown
also had a the game. picking up

4 eight tallies for her efforts. The final ,

stats showed Albany shooting 9 for. "

I7 from the floor in the second half ' 1 I

and 20/52 overall for 38% in addi-
tion toa ﬁne 8 for l4 from the charity
stripe.

Aquame‘n Drawn

by Rob Cater

The Albany State Merrnen could
not sustain the momentum created
by their win over Bridgewatcr last
weekend. Facing a strong Potsdam
team. the swimmers could not show
the improvement necessary for a
win.

Potsdam was led by a nucleus of
four strong swimmers. each a poten-
tial place winner in the state cha m-
pionship in March. With each of
these swimmers dominating in their
events. it was difﬁcult to secure the
win. The ﬁnal score of the meet was
69-44.

Despite the loss. the meet was not
without its good races and signs of
improvement from Albany‘s
swimmers. Dave Rubin established
two new school records in the |000
yard and 500 yard freestyle events. In
the loot) Drive swam second to
I’otsdam's Steve Aubrun. who set a
new conference record with a time of
|0.|2.4. This time puts Auburn at
least 40 seconds ahead of the nearest
contender in this event. Auburn
seemed to inspire Rubin into a good
race. Swimming neck and neck for
the ﬁrst half ofthc race. Rubin swam
the ﬁrst 500 yards much faster than
he hrtd everdone. In the latterpart of
the race he seemed to tire. but he still
broke the it minute mark with a new
school record of l0.58.9.

In the 500 yard freestyle Auburn
led the way again. as Dave placed se-
cond. setting the new record at

5.I4.2. '
Rick Masom had a good day in '
the freestyle sprint events. He was
way ahead of the ﬁeld in the 50 yard
i'r'cestyle. placing ﬁrst with a time of
23.9. He led offthe400 yard freestyle
relay with a time of 5|.2. tying/the
school record he set lrist year in the
state meet.

The overall performance of the
team was not sharp. The swimmers
had difficulty in rrdjusting to swim-
ming at the Potsdam pool. 'I'heir
turns were sloppy and the team's
shirts and finishes were slow. The
Mermen seemed to lack the psyche
that they had for the meet with
Bridgewater.

The other results ofthc meet were
as follows:

First places: Ken Weber inthc l00
yard freestyle. Mitch Rubin in the
200 yard Iiuttcrfly. Dan Dudley in
the 200 yard Breaststroke.

Second place: Ken Weber in the 50
yrird l-‘rcestylc.

Third places: Weber in the l000
yard Freestyle. lien Sicbcckcr in the
200 yard Freestyle. Dan Dudley in
the 200 yard Individual medley. Art
Rosenberg in the l meter and 3 meter
diving. Rick Masom in the 200 yard
Backstroke. and Jack Seidenberg in
the 200 yard Breaststroke. '

The next meet is Wednesday at
4:00 against Union College at the
Union College pool. The Albany
swimmers will be looking to get back'
on the winning track.

Aqua-Girls Sweep

by Peg Moffett

Coach Leslie Hoar splashed into
the water. clothesand all. last Thurs-
day after the SUNYA Women's Var-
sity Swim team w0n their ﬁrst two
meals of the season. defeating
Middiebury and Binghamton before
a wildly enthusiastic home crowd.
The swimmers will give everything
they‘ve got for another win this after-
noon against SUC at One'onta to
surpass their seasonal scorcon wins
- 2 loses (to Elmira and Ochgo).

“Beat that time!" was theoutcry as

 

 

Pine

mon - eat I
9 am - 9 pm
482-1425

 

"wail rm aerator mat. a a. water

Wine & Liquor Store, Inc.

870 Madison Ave
(just above Ontario St.)

Hills
sift wrapping

chilled wines
free delivery

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Tracy Hepworth raced dramatically
alone against the clock. This un-
scheduled event was caused by an ac-
cidental dropping of the recall rope
during the 200 yard medley. Beth.
having already raced in three events.
smashed herprevious time by one se-
cond but needed ll fotir second gain
to take ﬁrst place. She maintained
her second place position.

Peggy Redinbnugh. who com-
peted in the diving events. delighted
spectators with her specialty—a
forward dive with a fulltwist.

The team's victory was assisted by
the following members: Amy Roscn.
Diana Woolis. liette Smith. Beth
Reynolds. Joan Mormel. Peg
Moffett. Nancy Kolln. Wendy
Kioesz. Trudy Cornwell. Jane
Brisson. and Debbie Bellush.

'oaive oua carts
me

To Florida. California, and
all cities in the USA.
AAACON AUTO
TRANSPORT
89 Shaker Road
Terrace Apartment
Albany. NY.
462-747i
Must In I! can all

PAGE ELEVEN-

 

 

 

