   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
     
 
 
  
   
  
 
     
     

 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 

  
  

 

       
      
          
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i

 

 

 

 

 

Gary Burton on the vibes tut Siaiday night at tho GoldoniFoit.

’Master of the Vibes

by Matt-Kantian

“. . . At the Golden Fox Steak House. on
September 2|. I975. ..The nationally famous

‘Master of the vibes,‘ Gary Burton."
Vibes. whazzatll? Is this some advertisement
for transecndental meditation? No. not really.

instead. ‘vibeé't refers to the musical instru—
ment. the Vibraphone. a close cousin of the
xylophonc.

The show featured the Gary Burton Quintet
and the Nick Brignola-Fntnk Stagnita
Quartet as the opening group. This is to be the
ﬁrst of several such shows at the Golden Fox
featuring such famotis jazz musicians as Bur-
ton.the Nick Brignola-Frank StagnitaQua rtet
proved to be competent opening group. They
relied on standards such as Herbie Hancock‘s
“One Finger Snap" for their set. The group
was deﬁnitely hindered by the fact that they
are not. as of yet. a permanent group. Bassist
Dave Shapiro and drummer Hal Miller had
not played together until that wekend with
Brignola and Stagnita.

Nick Brignola dominated the set with long
leads on various types of saxophones. every
now and then pausing toallow Frank Stagnita
to play away on the piano. The two are both
good musicians. but it would have been better
had they a more permanent group with which
to work.At one point Weber took a lengthy
solo. utilizing his bass to produce melody. and
bass lines. with percussion sound—all at the
same time. He istruly a remarkable musician.

The final two members of the group are
guitarists Pat Metheny. and Rick Goodnick.
Neither guitarist tried to outplay the other. in-
stead. they took turns doing the leads on the
different songs.

Their style of playing was diverse. with
(ioodnick being much more deliberate and
planned out in his leads. ’at Metheny's style
resembles that ol'l.arry Coryell in that they are
very fast and long runs.

Over the summer. while the group was idle.

Metheny. along with Moses and Swallow
formed a trio todosomc touring. At one point
they played a date in Schenectady. doing
original songs. .

The set was a mixture of original material.
such as Rick Goodnick‘s “Bevy Levy" along
with sdards such as Gil Evan's “Las Vegas
Tango.“ Each song was performed excellently
by the quintet. What made tiic songs different
from any other group‘s interpretation of them
was Gary llurton on his playing.

The Burton Band. on the other hand. prov-
ed itself it co hesiietmit of seasoned mttsicia ns.
Gary Burton himself has gaitied a reputation
for his ability to form excellent grotrps. Over
his long career (nineteen plus albtttns). he has
had iti his groups such musicians as Chick
(‘orca. Larry Cont-ll. and Bob Moses. The
present Burton baiid. a solid tottring titiit.
features Steve SthllOi’ rind Hob Moscs.bob
Moses is one of the best drummers playing to-
day. lti speed, ingenuity. rind feeling for the
music he is playing. Moses isa positive asset to
arty group. When it comes to bassmen, Steve
Swallow is one of the most respected players
and composers. On Sunday night. both
musicians lived tip to their reputations ad-
mirably. providing bodyaiid movement to all
the songs.

Along with Steve Si‘tliltnv on bass. the
group was joined by guest musician Eberhert
Weber. a iso on bass. Weber‘s bass playing was
just as unique as his euston made live string
bass (the instrument was made from the neck
and bridge of a string bass.mounted on a solid
wood frame with pick-ups). The tunes Weber
did play on. he worked well with Swallow.
though at times he did tend to dominate the
songs. over-powering the rest of the group.

The soft. lulling effect of the Vibraphone
along with the unliurried pace of the music.
blended well with the night-club atmosphere.
The Gary Burton Quintet is not out to impress
or try to top anyone; they are on top.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

by cymiit. Haelnlt

Playing in a hallbarelyhalf full could dishearten. if
not dent the ego and music of any performer. Last
Monday night at the Palace theater. Fairport

. Convention and Caravan overcame and even ignored

this obstacle and put on a smashing show.

Caravan opened the concert with a cut from their
recently released Cunning Stunts album. The song.
“Show ofOur Lives" proved a testimonial to theiretitirc
performance. Slow, and smooth. bass player Mike
Wedgcwood. (whose voice is reminiscent of Greg
Lake‘s). sang out the lyrics with perfect aplomb.

The rest of the group went about their music with :1
similar calmness. It became evident that this inertia had
been a psychological. attention-getting trictic when the
band began their second song. As if suddenly startled
into motion. they swung into action and continued for
the rest oftheir performance with an amazing outptit of
energy which at no time ebbcd or faltered. It was in this
song that the talent. perhaps even genius of Geoffrey
Richardson. who had whipped out his electric viola.
challenged it. and eventually becamea part ofit. Using
the dissonant notes. and counter melodies and
harmonies. characteristic ofmodern classical music. he
managed to integrate the strains of the viola with the

band.

Richardson was clearly the focal point of audience
interest. His contortions. his expressions—all at once
tense. hateful, ecstatic—and his understanding of the
drama of music. incited the audience to scrutinize and

follow his every movement.

Richardson also plays a startlingly eerie ﬂute. made
moreso bytbedimmingofallstagelights- the spotlight
playing upon him and the flute gleatning. ile ill\\'il_\'s
surprises «whether it be by simultaneously playing
viola and blowing a whistle. cotid uctiiig the batid it hit
his bow of whipping out still another instrument to

enchant its with from his btig of goodies.

Caravan‘s music itself is quite innovative. in terms of
diversity of instruments and techniques. ’ariicttlaih
biliiy to encompass many moods \\ it hm
a single song. They range from soft and sloiv to crashing

 

strong is the"

cresccndos of sound.

For the most part. they played songs frotii the new

album. iticlttding "Stuck iii a Hole."

Consbirtoe.“ and as an encore they did a song from their
previous album. called “Hoedown.” In "Hocdown."
audience participation was elicited by the band, who
started to clap with an enthusiasm which was real. tioi
perfunctory. It is this vivacity and dynamism which
weaves the band together and is responsible for the
overwhelmingly positive reaction their music receives.
They know that they're good. btit rather than acquiring
alool'ncss. they still strive towards high quality. In
es ence they give a performance all that they have to

give.

Unfortunately. Fairport Convention lacked this kind
of vitality. While drumming out some excellent tunes
from their new album/tilting aft/re Sun. the feelingjtrsr
wasn‘t there. The lackadaisical attitude was further

 

Saxophonllt Nick Brlgnota

dominated In l'lll not at the

Golden Fort. tett. Above. Fairport

Convention" Sandy Donny

nwaggera across the stage. The

Nttty Gritty Dlrt Band. right. at
Sienna College.

  

etlipilllslycd the fact that during the numerous :inms,
lltttsc musi ,noi immediately involved slipped
nllstiigcrir behind the equipment. .
I~:iirpoir nvention‘s change in personnel during
th' pint in. is is reflected in their music. Whereas
the} were 3 basically committed to traditional
l ngtigti lioi usic. now they have become more rock
“treated. at the new “funky” sound is somewhat out
ol (him with no Fairport had originally been. it does
riilti ri llt‘“ nsion to the group. For one.tliis. the
Ill\ll'lllllt:n[ have taken on a creative and
wpliisticiriir which was sorely missing preViously. .
‘\ ilrrnih ,howevcr. is thrtt the funky mttsic
stilllt'llmr'yh mcstoo overbearing for Fairport's lead
Denny. 'lbough her voice has lost its
lltcllllllltlllsl cand taken on a throatiness more suited
In rock mini itstill needsa more accompaniment type

     
  
 

  
   
   
 

  

 
    

 
   
 

  
  
  

background.
l‘itlfptifl i mention began with art instrttnicntal
hunt lllL‘ll I, t‘dlltl Lie/album. called “Medley: The
lurk Ill (hr. ming; Rakish ’addy: Foxhunter‘sJig.“
" |.irn I In."‘ ()frOlTi that album. foIIOWed and Denny
made her cnl are after a few opening bars. to sing her
piece tincc surge. a single spotlight was focused on
llcntl) her ands. sometimes clutching her hair. at
other times t her hips. her face tense. The song went
\\L'll though. dthc audience waited with anticipation
in! other hit liar tunes to be sung as well. However.
t.itrpiirt \ten ina different direction and embarked on
.t \t'ltt's at \l) gs from the new album. including“l)on‘t
iou ('rt.“ ‘ sing for the Moon."

t'liiiriieierTic of many of the songs. were hatrntingly

    

l‘k'ttllllltll litir onies and a shift from flowing melody to
ithlltllllt‘lllitl ‘evelopnicnt. giving lead guitarist Jerry
llrttlalttlt‘. hi .i phtyer Date l’egg. and fiddler Unit-
V :‘hrrik. a pie chance to display their adeptness.
\i\.tllll'itlt lsopriocd himself to be very coriipctctit
‘ her (an old English instrument). in
\" tlti‘tl it lliinseti." Swarbriek is probably to
t : iron (at 't'lllltlll \\hiit Richardson is to ('arman.

 

 

 

wt. to .I | .sct‘ degree. Basically given to commit-til
w wh'lt». dtintics. he also indulges iii cigarettes
Hi ptiiiii; the liddle. (Remember the Benson &

Hurt». *l'il crciril'!)

l t!l[‘t'l"~ orst monictits came at the and. lctiiing a
who tu’L'Jll e impression on the audience. In tin
or i:.pt lr' iii tree the attdiericc to stand up and dance.
.‘ ~ home c.. they went into pttre rock and roll. Not
his, ~\.-it- the inadequate in this. but by doing so the)
tit \ll m‘tl rlt itiiagc and concept of Fairport
i ritlttllllllll portion of the a ttdieticc responded. but
lit.tll\ it'll iln ppoititcd. as if a trust had been brtikcti.

llrrih'i‘Cl airport's riiost egregious action that
input omillt r refusal to play. what was probably their
tour Littlottt song. “Matty Groves.“ frorii Liege (Illt/
I .i t .it .in tr core. ()ne rnctnbcr of the group stiidely
lewd 11"” 'Stll’lntt “that was the old music. we
.1...” (int It It anymore.“

i li\.|l|\l|t'tl 'tnd disappointed. I went home and pttt
"\inii (rlth “oti the record player and retreated into
lilt' \illt' twill Of my fantasy Fairport Convention.

 

 

 

1

Country Without the Syrup

In Bruce ('otinolly
ill i go to it concert and don't see
:trt\ btidt ihcrc uho looks likelie's iti
noise sittipt‘ than me. it‘s usually a
pretty stltt‘ her that nothing really
impoiiiirii Ilttlslt'ull) is going to
happen
lltt' \ictia ('ollegi' Altitniii
Recreation (’cntei is a nice. spotless—
1\ iii. bright and brand new.
no athlete‘s toot Iutigns
liiiucrs. the kids
l wand and
isidc.

l_\ clean;
lhcte‘s
hrccdtng lit the s
there were bright iitii
didn‘t push each other to get It
Nobodi look \totsctlizin ldtd. atidl
lititlti't L'\L'll been able to tiiid a beer
licltitc the show i wasn't happy,
(‘Iitis lltllnian and the Sleeping
Dogs ltotn ('oltrnido opened the
concert. (‘litts looks good. Ilcctittltl
scll toothpaste or Mitnirit/ stereo
equipment tlt tiitiga/ntes. the Dogs
med content to lay back and play

see
basic country-style rock &

ylltld. I "
roll. \o stttpttscs. llicy knew their
business and rim through a tllltlllly

r - ‘ ‘ - It »,
batch ol llttiritos llyrds. Stills. l at

sons. arid Souther. llillman. iiuray
tunes guaranteed to get it positive
audience response, it worked. i liked
them. I can‘t complain. I will.
though.

the well-ted llillman Band isjust
too content to amount to anything.
the iiiotiictittitii grounddo rt halt iii
the late 00‘s. They didn‘t risk
anything Saturday night. Only the
bricl incursion itito Soutne'r.
lltllmtm. l‘llt'll)’ territory hovered iii
the present. and it sparkled by corti-
parisoti. the rest of the set sounded
like the history of country-rock.

l‘inc.

IlieNrtty tiritty l)irt Band sounds
like uashboard sttitf to me. btit one
look at them rntide me feel better.
they had this cadaverous lilrniit oti
barrio. fiddle. and eVetything else. a
sleepy—eyed. baggy—eyed. dopey-
cyed bass player. a riiari who cotild
have been lilvis Presley's tailor play-
ing lead.arid a mortal. maybe slight-
ly looney drummer. Promising. At

Above right. Fatrport Conventlon.
Carvan (pletundbalow).Botb group.

 

least they looked like people who
were in the habit of not getting
enough sleep. Maybe it made the
difference. '
l‘liese gttys played. N at just voices
and lingers and smiles. birt hearts.
They were glad to be playing without
being complacent about it. Except
for a few standards like “Mr. Bo-
iangles“ and “.lambalya" I wasn't
familiar with most of their material.
Brit then. it‘s the kind of stuff that
really doesn‘t make sense on records
or radio. They‘re a live band. People
make them make their music.

Now. if you can play country
tiiusic without getting stuck in the
syrup. you‘ve accomplished
something The Nitty Gritty Dirt
llantl manages to do it. They com—
binc genuine power with ri strbtlety
that‘s rut‘e iii any form of contcmv
pot'ary music. And they were willing
to trike a few chances. Not too many
bands would risk it solo banjo spot
centering around it Steplicti Vincent
Benet poem. Not too many bands

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

At left. Pya Huttnga. lead singer and “that to!
appeared at the Palace Thoam mum

would risk blowing a good set by
dragging out a few snoozing
Hillmans and making them play
some ofthe good material that they
didn‘t bother to do during their own
set. Not too many.

Anyway they were cooking and
near the end people started trotting
down the aisles like they do at Billy
Graham crusades except when they
got down front. instead of throwing
their lives tll Jesus. they just danced
and jt'mped around—~convcrts
without the lirtrdscll or deceit. The
combined bands encored into “Will
the Circle Be Unbroken" and then
went off.

The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band stayed
longer than they were supposed to.
They probably missed out on an
liour or so of sleep. A few more bags
around the eyes. It shows in their
music.

All rigtit. I had a good time. l'm
getting old and soft. Sometimes it
bothers me. Sotnetimes l don't mind

 

 

so much.

PAGE 5A

a.)

 
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
     
    
  
 
   

    

  
 
     
     

nu-"h  ... < .. . ,....- warren.

 

