 

 

   
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
  
   
    
   
  
     
    
      
  
    
 

\ Kennedy‘s murderother
3 used by goonvicted
anjBrSirhan.

worked .all day ’in-a

’ NEW YORK (AP) Thalidomide,
the sleeping pill that deformed
thousands of babies. has become a
Jekyll-Hyde drug. It damaged
babies. But now his helping victims
of leprosy.

When pregnant women begin tak- ‘

ing the drug some IS years ago.
many of their babies were born with
misshapen or missing limbs or other
defects. That was the “M r. Hyde" of
the story.

Thalidomide now is proving high-
ly effective in controlling a peculiar
reaction that strikes many lepers.
bringing intense pain. high fever.
damage to nerves. disfiguring out-
breaks of skin sores. and sometimes
blindness and even death. This boon
is tlle new “Dr. Jekyll" side.

Contrary to general opinion.
leprosy is not a sure death or horror
sentence. it can be controlled or
cured with dapsonc or other drugs.
And leprosy is not highly con-
tagious.

But many patients are hit with
severe attacks or reactions that put
them in hospitals. at high daily ex-

 

, , terests injthe e‘s said he did not

know bowl long the investigation
would last; But a spokesman for the
Los Angeles County Board of
Supervisors, which is financing the

.» probe. said it would lastat leastuntil -

the end of the week.
Robert Pratt. a spokesman for
Supervisor Baxtor Ward. said all

seven experts test evidence

simultaneously. using a
sophisticated comparison
microscope.

The panel was assembled and

peuse. with serious threats to health
and life. ,

Given thalidomide, within 12 to 24
hours “many patients tell how
wonderful they feel. It often works
like a charm“ in controllingthe reac-
tion. says Dr. Carl D. Enna.direetor
of clinical medicine and the depart-
ment of surgery at the U.S. Public
Health Service Hospital in Carville.
La. The hospital iswell known asthe
National Leprosarium.

Before thalidomide the main
weapons against the leprosy reaction
were cortisone-like drugs. but these
had many side effects. Dr. Enna said.

The ﬁrst clue about “Dr. Jekyll"
came in 1965 when Dr. JosephShesti
of Hadassah Hospital in Jerusalem
gave thalidomide as a sleeping pill to
leprosy patients. He noticed the im-
provement against the leprosy reac-
tion.

Beginning in I966. free supplies of
the drug were given to Carvillc. the
U.S. Public Health Service Hospital
in San Francisco.and University of
Southern California Medical
School. Los Angelcs. by Mcrrell-

 

 

BIBLE STUDY
Every WEDNESDAY 4 PM.
CHAPEL HOUSE

Book: PHlLLIPlANS

Toward Fullness of Life

 

 

ordered'to‘ conduct a“ ‘
evidence after the Columbia Btp‘sd- "
_ casting System and PauISehrpd

 

i iniprobtr’ of

ﬁled suit to reopen the investigat
Schrade'was injured during the
assassination as Kennedy walked
through the pantry of the Am-
bassador Hotel after winning the
state’s Democratic primary.

Sirhan. a Palestin‘atn refugee. was
convicted of the assassination and is
serving a life sentence at San Quen-
tin. His conviction did not quiet
criticism of the investigation.
however. with some saying the
evidence indicated a second gun was
involved.

Thalidomide Helps Fight Leprosy

National Laboratories. a division of
Richardson—Merrell , lnc.. in Cincin-
nati.

That supply now has been taken
over by Chemie Gmnenthal in West
Germany. which licensed the U.S.
ﬁrm to distribute he drug. a Merrell
official said.

"Thalidomide" has drastically
reduced the morbidity illness and
mortality associated with the most
frequent and most serious complica-
tion of lepromatous leprosy.
erythcma nodosum leprosum. It has
dramatically improved he manage-
ment of hundreds ofpatients at Car-
ville alone. and thousands ofleprosy
sufferers throughout the world."
Drs. John R. Trautman. Robert R.
Jackson and Robert C. Hastings of
Carville wrote in a letter to the U.S.
ﬁrm.

0 D U
City CNSIS
continued/ruin page one
bade legislative tampering with
them.

The $2.3 billion plat: as ap~
proved by the legislature earlier this
month. setting up a state-controlled
Emergency Financial Control Board
with broad authority over the city‘s
budget in an effort to restore in-
vestor confidence in the city
securities. The Municipal Assistance
Corp. had been set up earlier this
year to borrow on behalfofthe city.
The state had held up the part of the
plan using the pension funds pen-
ding the Court of Appealsdecision.

 

NEWS

Editor: Stephen Dzinanka
Associate editors:
Winzelberg

ARTS
Preview: Joyce Fcigcnhaum
SPORTS

Editor: Nathan Saiant

EDITORIAL
Editor: Andrea Herzbcrg

SUSAN COLEMAN
Managing Editor

PATRICK MeGLYNN
Production Manager

The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during Ihe school year except holidays.
Address mail Io: Albany Student Prue. CC 326, I400 Washington .Ivenue. Albany, N Y [2222.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FULL STAFF MEMBERSHIP

DANIEL GAINES
Editor-in- Chief

OPERATIONS

Assistant Editor: Marc Weiger

JERRY ALBRECHT
LES ZUCKERMAN
Advertising Managers
DANIEL O'CONNOR
Business Manager

Betty Stein.

Associate for off-campus: Randi Toler
AP Manager: Matt Kaufman

Editors: Hillary Kclbick. Spencer Raggio

Associate editor: Michael Piekarski

Photographs supplied principally by University Photo Service and Camera Club

David Circulation Manager: Nancy Pillet

Billing Accountant: Susan Domres

Classiﬁed .Advertising and Graffiti Manager:
Kenneth Cobb

PRODUCTION

Assistant l’roducton Managers: Carol McPher-
son. Louise Marks

Technical Edltor: Sarah Blumenstock

Head Typist: Leslie Eisenstein

Composition Manager: Ellen Boisen
Production stuff: Ellen Fine. Kelly Kita. Debbie
Reiger. Debbie Click. Michelle Lipton. Janet
Adler. Carol Burger. Sue Brenner. Kim Huntley
Advertising Production Staff: Joe Zuhrovieh.
Lita Blundo. Dick McRobert. Jeff Aronowitz

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRES

     
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
      
 
  
  

Chlao elves Approval to Ferd I tell
UNITED NATIONS.N.Y.(AP) Secretary ofState Henry A. Kissinger and
Chinese Foreign Minister Chiao Kuanhua have cleared the wayt‘or President
Ford to visit Peking in November. The two men met over dinner for four
I hour-3 Sunday night and had a “complete and friendly talk about every aspect
of our relations.“ Kissinger reported. When asked if he and Chiao had set tt
date for Ford‘s visit. he added that "everything is on schedule.“
Azevedo Solzes control of Merit:
LISBON, Portugal (AP) Premier Jose Pinheiro di Azevedo today declared
Portugal in a “real emergency" and sent troops to take over Lisbon's leftist-
‘dominated radio and television stations. Adm. Pinheiro do Azevedo said in a
broadcast he acted to prevent the stations from "manipulating" information
“to undermine the base of disciplineand order." and to “avoid declaration of
a state of emergency." Communists and ultra-leftists have been in control of
the radio and television stations.
Basque Workers Protest Execution
MADRID, Spain (AP) More than 50,000 workers in the Basque country or
northern Spain began a 48-hour strike today to protest the execution of two
Basque nationalists and three other terrorists convicted of killing policemen.
Prime Minister Carlos Arias Navarro called the cabinet into emergency
session to diaeuss the government's response to the protests at home nd
abroad against the executions at dawn Saturday. There were violent
demonstrations in Western Europe. Twelve nations called their ambassadors
home from Madrid to show their displeasure with the regime of
Generalissimo Francisco Franco. The Mexican government ordered all
connection between Mexico and Spain broken.
FRAP Gets Rap for Armed Robbery
MADRID, Spain (A P) Three men and two women armed with subttlttcltinc
guns and pistols robbed the pay ofﬁce of the Spanish social security
administration in Barcelona of $600,000 today and seriously wounded two
armed guards, police said. One guard was reported dying. Unofﬁcial sources
blamed the holdup on the urban guerrilla group Revolutionary Anti-Fascist
Patriotic Front—FRAP—which lost three members to government
execution for the killin of policemen.
HEW Sets New flutes tor Day Care
BATON ROUGE. La.(A P)New U.S. Department of Health. Education and
Welfare guidelines for federally funded day care centers across the nation
were blocked by a federal court in an order made public Monday. l'hc
guidelines. which were to have gone into effect Wednesday. would have
tightened the ratio of children to adult attendants. Attorney Jay Scale of
Hammond. representing day care center operators in five states. told ll 5
District Court Judge Gordon West at a hearing that the new regulations
would at man centers out of business.
FBI lnda homes In Gas Stations
PITTSBURGH (AP) Pipe bombs set with time-delay fllscs have been
discovered in underground storage tanks at three Pittsburgh gasoline
stations in what the FBIsays was part ofa multi-million dollar extortion plot
against major oil companies. Federal and local authorities dug out the
explosives late Saturday and early Sunday aftercvacuating nearby residents.
None of the bombs exploded. Authorities would not say what led them to the
devices. Authorities said payment demands were made to Gulf in tWo lcttcrx‘
received Sept. 20. threatening that bombs already set would bcdclonalcd ll
$6.5 million was not paid. identical letters were eceivcd by six other oil
companies.
Hearst's Mental State Deterlorates
SAN FRANCISCO (A P)Asamagazinearticle pictured Patricia Hearstnslt
willing revolutionary. her attorneys said Monday that her mental state Ih
deteriorating swiftly in jail and called for her transfer to a hospital. Attorney
Terence Hallinan. when asked about a tapedjailhouse conversation in wlnch
Miss Hearst described herself as a revolutionary feminist. llallinan said:
“The Patty Hearst that is in jail in Redwood City right now is not the same
person who made those tapes and is not even the same person that Jack Scott
says in the Rolling Stone article he met or that participated in the Hebcmia
Bunk robber .“
New Yo Clty Must Fund For Itself
NEW YORK (A P) The top Republican in the House of Representatives said
today it "just isn't rational" to think that the federal government would do
anything to ltelp New York City through its ﬁnancial crisis. John R hodes. R-
Arlzu Shrugged off warnings from Walter Wriston. chairman of he First
National City Bank; David Rockefeller, chairman of Chase Manhattan.and
Elmore Pallcrson. chairman of Morgan Guaranty.that a default by New
York would have catastrophic effects on the rest of the country. “They are
SPCAkinB as cm'Porate citizens of New York." he said in an interview. “They
have drasticallv overstated New York‘s roblem."
Muslelansnoloet Boame's roposal
NEW'YORK (AP) After a grueling.grinding all-night session at (inletc
ManSlon. Mayor Abraham D. Beame. sleepless and weary, appealed to
Broadway's striking musicians this morning to go back to work and lighl UP
"‘9 Gm" While WBY- Hi8 appeal was rejected. The musicians called the
me“ Proposal 0" job security by the League of New York Theatres and
producers “fraudulent.” lts terms were notdisclosed. State Mediator Vince!“
MCDonne". who presided at the meetingwhich began at l0 pm. Sunday and
wentidorll) for almost l2 hours. said no new meetings were scheduled but he
wou e in touch with both sides later in the da .
Udall Enters Presldentlal Race y
NEW YORK (AP) Rep. Morris K. Udall. D-Ariz.. said today he will enter
the New York presidential primary next spring because it may well prove to
be “the pivotal primary election in the 1976 campaign." Udall called for the
federaliultlon of welfare as one measure to help New York City, and all other
cm.“ '" "mm." "c “aid "WWII for the poor is a national responsibility
Wh'ch cannot be aduluatcly dealt with at the local level.”

S SEPTEMBER 30. 1975

 

 

 

 

 

by Neill Cohen , '

Membership groups funded i
part by Student Association may
either have to cease operations or
ﬁnd ttltemative means of keeping
ﬁnancially above water if a bill
recently introduced to Central
Cotlncil goes through. The bill.
which would go into effect next fall.
aims at preventing such groups as
quad'bonrds front charging higher
prices for non-members.

In a nutshell, the bill states that
“any SA-funded group or any group
associated ﬁnancially with an SA-

funded group not be allowed to
charge 'a membership card differeni
tial other than an SA tax card
differential.“ I

Ply'As You 60

Jay Miller. the bill'sereator. temis
this a “pay asyou go system."endlng
membership fees for all practical
purposes. The billdocs not explicitly
state tltis. because certain groups
which are not event-oriented need to
sustain themselves v throttgh
membership fees. 'lltesc include.
among others. tlte fencing ltttd
karate clubs.

Coalitions Sweep Central
Council Commuter Seats

by Daniel O‘Connell
In last week's elections for the

seven commuter seats on Central,

Council the two coalitions involved
captured all of tile positions. 'l'ltcil'
nominees proved to be the top twelve
\ote gettcrs of the twenty-eight can-
didtttes who run.

[he Actiy isl ('oalit ion. composed
ttl groups like the i‘ctttinisl Alliance
and tile I‘.().l‘..\'.A.. netted ltllll‘
\pttls through tltc \icttn‘ies of
llitlnnc |'lchc.('alhy |)lt\is.l’|icx\.\-
clrtltlt and llclllsc l'ullcl'.

lltc WellmgIttn lllttck lnobill/cd
enough sllppttl'l to gel Robyn
l’ctclttt Karen lcpctlino and Atlnc
Mntkoull/ Into tillicc. lll Incl the
lllttck ctttnc \cty chm: tttyymningsix
til the soy cu scntsttlltl latlcd to do so
only by Ittslttg the other races where
the margin tli \lctury ncycl'excccded

 PRESENTS
mnrsco BAND

serum ltllrdlllllNY, sf

‘T'wa‘ "insanity
ALI. DRINKS 55¢

 

This ﬂashlights Tyne People
ALLDRElstgllNY DRINK ' RY DlttNlt

llihi

SEPTEMBER 30, 1975

5st!
0 nuts.

twentyd'ive votes. According to the
Illttck's spokesperson. llat‘t Minsky
who himself Inst inn very tight bat-
llc. one important reason for not be-
ing able to produce these few trrltlcal
\ttlcs was the effect that all article
appearing in last 'I llcsday’s A .S'I’hnd

on lhcyolcrs. l'llcartielc.written by ‘

Larry Lopcl. took lI close look at the
politics ol the Wellington Block and
their attempt to capture as many
seats its possible.

Regardless of how anyone judges
the mine of these lyvugl'ottpsttr their
goals. they pl'oycd to c\crytlnc the
putter til the orgnni/ed action. The
ctlect lli this action can be seen in the
result.» “here the candidate cap-
turing the least amount nl totes of
either ol these groups bent tltc most
successful independent by more titan
lilty \otcs.

“I‘m a strong believer in the
tax card.“ said Miller. “and or.
dollars per year is enough (to pay) so

that it should be the only differen- ,

tial."

State Quad Board ' and their
Tower East Cinema group are prime
examples of groups that Would be
affected. Miller claims hedid not in-
tend to affect any one group
specifically. but atber have an
"overall effect“.

Any organization involved in SA
that maintains ltn agency account
would have to change its financial
practices. At present. funds raised
frotn events involving non-SA
money are routinely held in FSA-
controlled accounts. The money
from one yettr is frequently reserved
for use in the upcoming year.

'l'ltcse accounts are financed
primarin by tile sale ttl'quad cards.
If Miller‘s hill goes through. prac-
tically all of these accounts will run
dry. I his would end a practice which
Miller feels is discriminatory. He
feels that funds raised one year
should be utilircd in tire same year.
l'hc new procedure would be
beneficial to the student who loses
money by paying a membership fee
even though lie or she doesn‘t attend
many events.

Miller feels that quad hoard ill-
illttli\c to come up with successful
parties would still e\ist. perhaps
own to a greater extent. l‘hls is
because. ltnder the new system. the
groups would he laced with l\\‘ll
allcrntttiycs.

According to Miller. they could
either “lnakc a shitload of money

n .

 

 

1N

nth hill».

 

«1.87". 8:00 pat
ect.l2.
stain theatre

 
  
 

 
 
 
 

  
  
   
 

 
  

  

  

 

 

  

 
  
 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

“I‘m astrong believer in the tax card." saysCouncllmemberJoy Mlller.
"and 66 dollars per year Is enough [to pay] . . ."

and return it to SA orsctyc students
through providing free events. or
cheaper events."

lhc bill has already been explain—
cd to ('nuncll by the Ad lltlc (‘nm-
lnlttcc on Membership Differentials.
(‘tltnmiltcc Chairperson Larry

Scltyvarll, has announced that any
group which lccls it would ittl\crst:i)’
be tIilL'ClL'ti should appear before
('cntrttl ('ouncil on September 30th.

    

slate uniwrsily theatre

lull“ fibrin

Voting on tltc hill is scheduled for
October 81h.

Miller hesitated to predict the
bill‘s chalice for passing silt cc hedocs
not yet have a good indication as to
how Council's lb new members ltrc
likely to \otc. llut generally. he gives
it a “damn good chance of passing."
especially since many of the new
members. since they a no commuters.
would "lend to title for ll."

  
 

 
   

 

Directed by limes M. Symons

2'30 pst

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

$3.32vitb educational 1.0.. “with tail end
W

T TE. UNlVERS TY
$t~f§w YORK at AL ANY. .

FUNDED BY STUDENT ASSN.

 
      
       

 
 

 
 

I975

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
    
    
    
       
    
      
   
 
    
  
   
     
  
   
    
  
   
  
    

