 

‘ «Maya-sewn... M. Na.

it at! ‘

m. .rrw'-w..ss.a_\_. Knoc‘xv'mhwma

Vicious Rumors

by Deni I. Sid

Caution—if you believe any of the
following vicious lies. you could get me in big
trouble. Use’them cautiously and discreetly.
whispering them is best. but above all, don‘t
mention my name. Besides placing my creative
abilities in a questionable light. you will open
the road for me to be named as principle in a
very large libel suit. We don't' want that now.
do we? Happy slandering.

The A.M.A. has secretly made an
agreement with ID large Eastern seaboard
universities to increase the number of seats in
their respective medical schools by l0.000.
This recent development coupled with a
previous announcement which stated that the

- A.M.A. has submitted a ‘plan to Congress for

complete socialization of all health services is
seen as an attempt by the A.M.A. to improve
its relations with the American populace.

A bill to reduce pot penalties to a ten dollar
fine for possession of an ounce or less has just
entered a New York State Assembly sub-
committee. The bill. introduced by Canton
Assemblywoman Rhoda Bote is expected to

:‘for the last ya

- mitten.  ,

the recession wll‘lehhas plagued the economy
.' '_ f . I now .ofﬁtiallyrjove‘r-

industrial production‘and trade are expected

‘ to increasedramatieally and should reach pre-

recesiion levels within the month. President
Ford indicated that the quick turn-about in
the economy had nothing to do with a
comment he made last week to the effect that
he would “sell his soul" to see a'speedy
economic recovery. Rather. Ford attributed
the timely reversal to the drastic measures
instituted on the advice of the President's new
economic adviser. B.L. ZeBub. The steps
taken. including Ford‘s appointment of Vice-
President Rockefeller as Prince Regent and
Ambassador to the Black Realm.‘ and
requiring all money barons to swear fealty to
the Dark Lord. caused hardlya ripple on Wall
Street. as business continued as usual. Said
one observer, “it is as smooth a transition. as if
no transition had taken place." -

The Psychology Department of the State
University of New York at Albany. in
conjunction with Masters and Johnson are
undertaking an experiment to study the effects
of smoking marijuana on sexual activities.
The Psychology Department announced that
student volunteers will receive up to l5credits
towards their graduation. in return for their
participation in the semester long research
study. scheduled for the fall of 1978.

Spokesrnen for the State University at
Albany are still vigorously denying that the
disappearance of the Biology and Chemistry
Buildings from the academic podium had
anything to do with the nerve gas research
being conducted on campus. FBI agents on
the scene have been quoted as saying: “What
Biology Building'l‘Do you see a Biology
building?“ “What ‘do 'you mean 'so‘r'nebo'dy
spiked the orange juice with organic
mescaline'!“

 

r

state university theatre presents:

‘1

 

 

Molicrc's
 
concentrates

 

May
May 10.11 2:30pm

Hi) 8:30 pm

 

 

Directed by james M. Symons

Lab theatre

Perform—rig Arts Center
Stste University of New York at Albany

 

$3.82witb educational I.D.. “with tax card
Box Offics (SIB) 457-8606

 

PAGE TEN

funded by Student Armistice

 Brother  Knockingy'on theLDoor

by Riehs‘ld Prunhtger ‘ '

As the clandestine and covert operations of the F.B.l.» and C.’l.A. are coming to light, it
becomes increuingly important that the people redeﬁne and reevaluate the exact purpose and
nature of these organizations. is the purpose of the F.B.l. to tap phones of citizens without
probable cause? Is it the function of the C. LA. to carry out domestic spying? Are the F. 3.1. and
C.l.A. to be used as instruments of the president? As the infringement upon our civil liberties
becomes more and more apparent, the answer to these questions becomes exaeedingly more
important.

Our government is one of checks and balances. Each branch of government checks the other
making sure no one branch usurps power not delegated to it by the Constitution. This is what
makes the problem with the F.B.l. and C.l.A. so crucial; who checks them? Who regulates their
activities. and more importantly who regulates the methods that they use? One could point out
that the president and attorney general regulate their activities, since both organizations fall
under the jurisdiction of the executive branch.

However, the fact that the president and attorney general have the power to regulate the F. 3.1.
and C. I.A. provides little comfort to most people. nor should it comfort anyone who witnessed
how Richard Nixon manipulated and used both organizations. Under ex-president Nixon the
C.l.A. and F. 8.1. were tools at his disposal. ToolsN ixon arrogantly wielded to obstruetjustice.
tap phones. and spy on citizens. We would be only kidding ourselves if we thought that Richard
Nixon was the only president to use the F.B.l. and C.I.A. for his own purpose. Yet.Nixon isthe
perfect example of what happens when organizations that have as much power as the F. B.l. and
CIA. are left responsible only to the executive.

is the commander in chief of our armed forces. does this entitle him to a domestic army‘."l'his
argument has merit on both sides. One side could cite that it isthe president‘s job to administor
the law. therefore he needs organizations like the F.B.l. and C.l.A. to help him enforce the law.
The other side could cite cases of wire tappings. and domestic spying where neither national
security or enforcement of the law were at stake, but rather just negligible abuses of citizen‘s
constitutional rights.

The need for the people to have more control of the F. B.l. and C. LA. is an absolute necessity.
No longer must the people allow themselves to be kept in the dark as to the activitiesofthe F. B.l.
and C. LA . This is not to say that every citizen must be aware of these organizations activities. but
rather citizens should be appointed to a committee, selected by both the president and Congress
to overlook the activities and methods used by the F.B.l. and C.l.A.. in this was citizens could
have a larger say in these organizations operations.

Our founding fathers feared centralized power. They feared creating a government so
powerful that it could have the strength to tighten the rcin of individual freedom.The F. B. l. and
C.|.A. represent the strength that the federal government can exhibit. organizationsdesigned for
the purpose of helping the federal govern mentmaintain its power. However. time and time agian
the F.B.l. andHC.l.A. help the gavemEmir?R’éSﬁiiWér‘tiyaiﬁtsiﬁg diir rights. Unless we act in a
strong manner we shall soon start to feel the already tightening of our individual freedoms. and
the time to act is now.

m
The SUNYA Nite Club Discotheque

 

and The Friends Organization

present

a
“my Dancing

and

Featuring disco with the latest

sounds in music!

Special Features: Games

Dance Contest
lrlsh Celtic Band
Drinks till 3 cm

Held in Brubacher Snack Bar
Saturday, April 26, from 9:00 - 1:00 am

Admission: [LOO w/tox

81.50 w/o tox

Please bring tox cord 8: Proof

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

[um/ml hr rim/mu rIt'rm‘irlIl'uIl

 

APRIL 22, 1975

This leads us to another problem. Should the president have his own police force? A lthough he '

 

gomen‘iQuestion Tradition

 ‘HOme to Ourselves’

by Kim Sutton

“Ladies don‘t belch l“

"The girls become wives and mothers.“

Millions of girls have encountered these
rules in the process of growing up and have
never thought to question them. Home I0
Ourselves did just that.

Presented at the SUNYA Performing Arts
Center in The Studio Theatre on April l8. l9,
and 20, Home to Ourselves was described in
the program as “A dramatic revue of poetry.
plays, dance. songs; conceived and compiled
by Carol Clas, Mary Dornbush. Joni
Goldberg. Vicki Kichman. Elaine Mara, and
Barbara Zapp.“ It dealt with the problems of
womens' identity and individuality versus
role.

The opening vignette 'entitled "Pretty" by
Alta. was an ironically humorous sketch
consisting of four women lamenting about
their physical features and their
preoccupation with the "game" of seeing how
many women in a given place are prettier than
they. Of course there is always one. in a not
too subtle way the absurdity of the situation
was aired and the closing line.". . .Leavc me

the fuck alone!” was a powerful way to set the
mood for the rest of the revue. Lois Chaber.
.loni Goldberg. Vicki Kichman. and Maria
Makis were marvelous in this scene directed
by Barbara Zapp.

The second sketch. Family. Family by Sally
0rdway was an interesting idea. The
characters were those found in any nuclear
“Middle American“ family with one twist; the
roles were reversed. Mother was played by
Ralph Babcock; Father. Robin Stcrnfand
their children Margaret and Ted were played
by Reginald Thompson and Patty Mclnnes.
respectively. We briefly follow the upbringing
of Margaret in the traditional female fashion.
But Margaret has more intelligence than that
to accept the submissive role a woman is
socialized for and self-conflict ensues. In the
middle of the scene the males revolt. disliking
the female parts they are playing. We are told
rather strongly that the woman‘s position is
not a desirable one. Lois Chahcr was the
announcer as well as Margaret‘s various
boyfriends. This was a very amusing sketch.

The final scene of lbscn‘s ADO/['5 House
was performed by Joni Goldberg (Nora) and

A Scene from "Home To Ourselves”. a dramatic mus by and about women.
' decision were lacking. Goldbergwastoo meak

Steve Albrezzi (Torvald) and directed by
Barbara Zapp. it was a disappointment.

Overall. the scene lacked the polish it should-

havc had and the movemcnts were too
stationary. which created boredom. Here.
Nora tells Torvald of her decision to leave
him. The strength and conviction of this

A scene from "Pretty". the opening segment of last weekend's productlon “ Home To Ourselves“.

wrong

a NoraIl‘orvald. a man who is very much
concerned with proper social conventions and
institutions is suddenly slapped in the face.
Albrczzi gives the appearance of not being as
totally destroyed as a man like ’I‘orvald would
be. However. Torvald is a hypocrite and this
was brought across well.

Other highlights included "Rape". written
by Adrienne Rich and performed with spinc- A
chilling intensity by Vicki Kichman. She
beautifully brought forth the dcsparalion a
woman feels when suddenly the friendly “cop
on the corncr“is transformed into an accusing
male-figure who thinks that “she must have
asked for it.“ This. coupled with the
humiliation of being forced lo reveal oneself to
ti much-hated stranger. made "Rnpc" a most
powerful narrative.” ' ' 

"Look". from Our Bodies, Ours-virus by
Boston Womcns‘ Health Book Collection.
was an interpretative dance with Elaine Mara
and Vicki Kichmzm. chorcogrnphcd by Elaine
Mara. It portrayed the beauty and closeness
between two women in excellent taste. it was
exquisite to watch.

"Home to Ourselves“ by Melissa
Munchcstcr was sung soothingly by Maria
Makis. ilcr clcar. swcct voice was backed by
slides of the cast which proved to be an
innovative alternative to the traditional
curtain calls.

The production was a simple one with it
minimum of costumes and props. The
audience is made to sympathize with the
feminist movement. The direct confrontation
between women and society‘s values gnvc illt‘
revue an "llgll-prop" quality. Home to
Ourselves made for an enjoyable and
i'ntrospcctivc time.

 

 

Aetno Life Insurance Co.

will present a seminar on
* Career Opportunities
ﬁr" Personal Budgeting
* Money Accumulation
* Insurance Fundamentals
refreshments will be served

Thurs.,April 24 CC Assembly Hall 2:00 pm

Sponsored for you by Delta. Sigma. Pi

 

 

Arts and Sciences

The Search Committee requests
student-faculty reactions to the

three candidates interviewed:

Professors:
Seymour Geiaser

George Stein

Please send the responses to V
Mr. McFarland, SS 1 12 by
Thursday. April 24th

Ivo Ledener

 

 

APRIL 22, 1975.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE ELEVEN

 

