,v, ~V «g («I-M

_... .-‘..,n'..I-.,.., .

-m..~_.’ “.44.-..”
. we...

. Wgnwun”. MN”... .

-. Avoakm. .1;

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

rODAv

A. “I” l ’ ' t e ‘ L n e ' '
v. - C r 'Theotre ,, ‘ ‘
at "to Diary at Adam and Ive, a one act musical by S. Harnlck and 1.
lock. The show, directed byJanet M. Dolluvo will be presented No. 7,0,9,
(Fri, Sat, ,Sun), at 7:30 and 130 p. m. in lab II at the PAC. Tickets are tree

and may be picked up one hour b‘etore perlormonce at the PAC Ion Ot~
’ lce.

Leaking tor Christian Follostlship7'Albatiy Evangelical Christians meet
every Fri. at 7 p.m. in CC 315 tor prayer and sharing.

Audition lor Torn Sheppard's-The [Sal In;pectar Hound: Fri. Nov. 7 4-6

p.m. in the green room at the PAC Experimental Theatre. Jolly Good ,

Show.

n 0

THIS WEEK N

, .
C'man down to the Telethon ’76 lasketbatl Marathon, Sat Nov. 6
through Sun. the 9th. 7 p. m. to 7 p. m. Proceeds to the Wildwoad School
tor Developmentally Handicapped Children. Admission: $.25
e .

Jack Nicholson, Art Garlunkel, and Ann Margaret in Mike Nichols' Car-
nal Knowledge. Sunday night Nov. 9 at 7:30 and to p. In. S.50with Col.
Quad Card. 5. 75 with tax and Si. without. From Colonial's Bijou.

The University Community is invited'to a cbllee house this Sunday at the
State Quad Flagraom . 8 p. m. teaturing the BearMoutain lays. Spon-
sored by STD.

The Arkansas Sheiks are appearing this weekend at the Freen Dried

Colleehouse, playing Old Timey Music, lrom 3: 30 to midnight, in the CC

Assembly Hall. Free with tax. $.75 without. Relreshments available. For
into call 457-4735.

Weekend with Fred Bark, lsrdeli Dahce te-acher. Sat. at 7:30 p. rn. in the
Jewish Community Center and Sunday, at 2and 7:30atTemplelsrael.

All Christians are invited to pbrticipatein a celebration of worship and
holy communion at 3:30 p.m., Sun. Nov. 9 in Chapel House. Service led
by Duane Feldmann, lutheran Campus Poster.

Good old-time blues lans: come hedr Mark, Lisa 8. Dennis, at ThaEighth
Step , Sat. Nov. 8 at 2:30 p.m.

Win an otticial N. v. Mm Alrtographed'loslretballl Rattle tickets will
be sold tar 3.50 during the 24 hour Basketball Marathon, this Sat. and
Sun. Nov. 8 and 9.

It's another WSUA Sports Spectacular. Sat. Nov. 8 Albany Great Dane
Football. Join Harvey Keian and Mark Plevin lor the play-by-play action
starting at 12:55 p.m. with Al's Attic— the pregame show. Then, im-
mediately toiiawing the tootball game, it‘s Albany Great Dane Soccer.
Nate Salanl and Mark Salono bring you all the action on tape delaylrom
Brockport, in the linal game at the regular season. That’s toolball and
soccer. or sports doubleheader—all lor you on the Sporty 640, WSUA
Radio.
WSUA as part ol.its total contribution to Telethon '76 will be broad-
casting the lirst 2 hours at the Basketball Marathon, live, starting at 7
p. m. Doug Lewanda and Mark Plevin will bptherelta bring you all the ac-
tion. Only on your campus minded radio station—LWSUA 640 AM.

4 t 2 A Tuscarora present WSUA'; Satuiday Night at Gold, live tram
Henways on Indian Quad this Sat. Night. Host Glen Trolimer will pin)
your lavorite music tram the 60s. Admission is Si. tar all the beer you can
drink.

high heel.

tiqued wallnut, and Burnt chestnut.

maxim

159 CENTRAL AVENUE

- group is urged to attend our meetings onSund
' ‘j, Pat 6 ‘

 

OUNG SHOES

MERCHANTS TO GENERATIONS
OF 9001' BUFFS

Bench-cralted and handlinished by

skilled artisans tor over TOO years.

 

r‘YOUNG SHOES, adds still another to the largest collection 
at FRYE BOOTS in the countryl Our Driltwaod Boot, it is 0
brass pegged and titted by hand. The platlarm sole is at {
solid oak-bend leather to match the new stacked 2% inch

IN STOCK FOR M6" 9 WOMEN

Available in Hand Stained Brown, Natural oiled, An-

I .


 

 

 

 

ﬁre-14 ear Its-.- a n my“

. Gein'te urc ‘ but don't know howto get there? PinevlswCommunlty
, Church sends a bus to DutCh Quad at 10:40 every Sunday morning.
 . r ' . _- e e .
Anyone interested In attending on‘Orthedox Christian Fellowship
ays at 6pm; in the
l ‘un or lurther i'nlo coll Terry 43bl535. ‘

The linguistics Program will sponsor a linguistics Colloquim on Mon.
Nov. to at 7:30 p.m. in HU 354. Five SUNVAlaculty members and guests
will speak on their current resarch. All interested persons welcome.

. e s

The Childbirth Education Association at Albany announces classes in

the Lamaze method at prepared childbirth to begin soon. Classes wrll be

held at the Albany Medical Center School at Nursing the weeks at Nov.
‘0 and Nov. 24. For into call Mrs. Brennan, 439-6353.

Listen Monday night at 8 p.m..lor Allsumaltlle Week, hosted by Bill Cas-
tle and Matt Kaulman on WSUA 640. This week's album is “The Last
Record Album" by little Feat. .

On Mon. Nov. to at 8:30 p. inthe Lab Theatre at the PAC. composer
Harley Gaber will present some at his newest electronic compositions.
The concert is sponsored by Free Music Store.

The Albany Table Tennis Club mbets eiery Monday night tram 7 to
1030 pm. in the 2nd lloor men's Auxiliary Gym.

There will be an Alumni Ouod Iodrd me'eting on Monday in the Alden
Main lounge at 7 p.m. This meeting is open to all interested students.

A pre-con Iention meeting will-be held on Mon. Nov. lOat 7:30 p. m. in HU
354 lor all students attending the ASHA convention in Washington.
.

The Hudson-Mohawk Group Sierra Club meets Monday Nov. 10 at 8
p.m. in St. Michael's Episcopal Church Killean Park, Colonie.

An inlormal group discussion the rblevarice ol Torah in contemporary
times meets every Monday night in a Chumosh review at the Sidra with
Rabbi Rubin at 8 p.m. in CC 373. All welcome.

A him on Human Sensuality and Communication, by Beryl & Noam
Cherniak M.D.'s in the Chapel House Tues. Nov. ii at 8 p.m. All are
welcome.

libertarian meeting inthe PAC LodbyTuSs. Nov. ll 8pm. All welcome.
e .

Le Cercle Francois is sponsoring a Pot.luck Dinner lor laculty and
students on Tuesday, Nov. ii in HU 354 at 6:30 p.m. ll you're interested
in coming or preparing your own specialty call Faith at 457-4027.
The Protect Your Environment Club. , is having a meeting Tues. Nov. l l
at 7:30 pm. in SS l45. Thetapic ol discussion will be SUNYA's load cam-
posting project.

There will be a meeting at University Speakers Forum every Tuesday
night at 7:30 p.m. in the Patraon Lounge. All are welcome.

Judo Club meets in the Gym Vl/restlrrig Rooin Tues. at 7 pm. and Thurs. at
6. BegInner's class starts at 7:30 n Thurs. For inlo call Andy at 7-7705 or
Bonnie at 7-7875.

Baha’i Club at SUNYA inlormatian and discussionapon to all. Tuesdays
at 7:30 p.m. in the CC Room 373.

An interesting class in Mishna, Midrash, Chassidic and Jewish
philosophy is given every Tuesday evening by Rabbi Israel Rubin at his
home 122 So. Main Ave. 8p.m. Allare welcome. Farinlacoll482-47Bl.
. s .

There will be a meeting ol University Speakers Forum every Tues. night
at :30 p.m. in the Patroon lounge Al are welcome.

,. e

  
  
   
 
 

   

CI

The Class at 77 will be holding a general meeting on Wed. Nov. l2 at 8

p.m. in LC 20. Our next party and tuture programming will be discussedu -'
....

All interested iuniars are welcome.
.

Gandhi—Change—-Nonviolence;a study group on Wed. alternaans
at 2:l0 p.m., HU l32, tram Oct. 29 through Nov, 1?

e

. e
-A AAAAAAAAAA AAA.

RUSSELL SAGE COLLEGE

AAAAAA

 

Sat.

Tickets Available

 

 
  
 

 

a-Iaw-scrvnv-«vr-un s‘ﬂs1ryrwrxe-

   
 
 
 
 

ﬂ:

presents

llRETURN TO FOREVER”
with
i ' Chick Corea

November 8

Schact Fine ﬂrt Center RSC

RSC RPI, JCA bookstores and at the dch

«urea-4r: s rw. “urn. U H V, I,“

OCA,  Campus Association, presents a question and an . ~
on FeedstampsLWed. Nov. I2 In the cc Patroon Lounge, till? 5133",:
1:30. Mrs. Krokower. Albany County Dept. at Social Services wrll up..."

the new eligibility guidelines.
e e

Duplicate [ridge Gama, meets Wed. at 7 p.m. Beginners class at a A“
' welcome. Cash prises, relreshments. For inla call Andy at 7.7705

e e
W.t.l.A. Council meets every Wed. at 7: 30 p.m. in the Bleeker 2nd Ilo
. lounge. °'
. e e
Want to get away lrom it all? The Outing Club meets every Wed n. h.
at 7:30 in CC 315. We hike, climb, cave, and enjoy ourselves Came iii"
us.

e e e

 

Israeli Dance Club every Thurs. night tram ‘lto 10:30 p m. Intermediate
to advanced. Held In the Phys. Ed. dance sstudio. Everyone welcome
Any questions call Tania, 7-7748.
.

t 0
An inlormal group learning the art at Jewish cooking meets Thurrda
nights at 7:30 atthe home at Mrs. Rachel Rubin. 122 So. Main Ave All or:
welcome. Free. Transportation available tram the Circle. Call by rm
7 .

e a

Campus Crusade For Christ, weekly tellowship meeting every um,
7:30 p.m. Campus Center 315.
. . .

ANYTIME

Win 525.00 by designing a poster tor the 1976 Multiple Srlmag,
Dance Marathon. Use any size poster and medium. For murr- mi, w“
457-8954.

e . .

Albany Symphony needs volunteers to usher at concerts, Donvrtu mu.
time and see a great concert tree. Next concert is Nov. l5 at llrrr Pall)“-
Call Michelle Vennard evenings at 489-3990

.

Graduate Assistants: The Graduate Student Association has mun”, o

committee to look into your obligations and rights as an employ-,4.- ol tin;

State at NY. We need people to investigate dillerent aspect. or II“.
problem. For lurther into call Tom at 434-8452

. . .

We need people to demonstrate and sell cralts or artwork at on Art; 5

Cralts Fair on Nov. 15cm Colonial Quad. ll interested contact Puqu at
457

. . .

All Community Service Papers (SSW 390 students] are (luv Nr . it)

Please hand them in on time so that we can assure you a sat r lrtUory
grade.

Community Service Evaluations are going on now Commuw, 5.... (a
Students must attend.

Best ol Friends '75 welcomes anyone interested rn jornrng out w». my

Sing Group. It you wantta havelunthisisthe place. You don t hurle In.

able to sing. Meeting time and place will be announced Cull in .-I m
482-1423.

Fellowships and teaching assistantships in France. (ﬁll/intuit}

seniors and graduate students interested in being (OllSidl'l-‘ll rm

lellowslrips or teaching asslstantships in France lar l976-77 mo. guru-n

application terms and lurther into in the Oilice Ol irrru'wttv,~nl
Programs, 55 322.

Anyone who is interested in being a timer lor the SUNYA Wonwn's
Swim Team please call Mindy or Nancy at 457 795-.

Graduate School interviews—tor. students interested m Gum \mool

admission. Srgn up lor an appointment in the placement otltu- Law 115

Nov. i2. Carnegie Mellon University Graduate School ol lttduxtrr'r Art
' ministration.

The "75 lstaelr‘ cranium Festival’ls‘on its way to Albany n... W
17 at B p.m. injt‘hePalace Theatre. Tickets available-thromth r81, Lar‘
Eric Gurvis, 7-5354, or Steve Show, 489-7446
Grievance lorms concerning complaints at sexism are now (1 rmlun r: m
the CC and Tower ollices. Call Jill lor lurther into at 438 “on
. . .

AA AAA“

8PM

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 J Frye Bootrnakers since "63.... open every EVENING rm. 9 pM 436-1015
 yxx AufiiliﬂrkAMERiC/llt’l: Oil MASERiHARGE l' x x ‘ ‘ x XXW
 1m: . j l
 presents The alternative frlmic experience since 1954.
The Cinema of Czechoslavakia (part 1)
Loves of a Blonde
' it’s about love... and dissi/Iusionm t
$.50 w/tax LC 1 7:15 m
$1.00 W out : '
/ 9  poms ‘    7 jinn/I'll hint/l
PAGE EIGHT ALBANY STUDENT PRESS NOVEMBER 7, 1975

 

 

 

 

 

 

L The Albany Student Press Arte Section

State University at New York at Albany

November 7, 1975

 

by Karen Sclrluslwrg
Ihc linc rcrrchctl prrst the rcsrurrrrrnl next
door. prrst lltL' (icrmrm Shepherd thrrt
sprrrwlcrl ill/ll) on the sitlcwrrlk. prrst the guy
Ihrrt luokcrl lrkc lirucc Springsteen. rrnd it and-
cd in it crtuplc Ilrrrl lurtkcd confused: ‘ls thrs
th'llL'kL‘l-llIlltlL‘l'\ l1nc‘.’" llcrc rrnd there I could
hcur humuer Irrrgmcrrls nl "Killing Mu." or
"I’I isnncr." and the more rulmrrccd \Icrc sing»
rrrg“l-Ir\rcr Gun." Wc \\t't‘C \vrritingtn he let it].
uarrrlrnr: In \t'C the slum th‘ sccunrl rtrghl lur'
r\/lt't' Inn-Stop in :I inrrI-nrght rrrn III the
()Ilrcr lrrrl l’mplu \\L'lt‘ hrtpprng buck :rnrl
luth urr Ihurr [cc-I. lillllilllclli. mukrny snrrrll
Irrlk | lIL'.llll wrncuur: rrsk. "Which rule is
“Int-hi". .I qrrcsrmrr rhul must hrrvc plrrgucrl
mun Srmun :rnrl (irrr‘lunkcl In the curly tlrrys.

"Sec
II wrrs like rlus when
wr: wrrltl. into this place
It cuuplc ul I’rrpish cats

is doing rrn A/Icc Iwu-srcp“
— Lawn-nur- I‘r-r/inglrr'rri

Artur: two-Step rs Rux.l.-'u.wlr:r;.rrnr.l Ncrrl
Shulmrrn. an extremely talented puir ul singer-
gurtrrrisls who lrmk their Irrrmc from lhrrl prrrt
ul l'crlinghclli's pucm.  . . Wcjust used one
oi the plrrrrscs‘ uut rIl'thc poem for the group‘s
numc hccrrusc then: were two nl' us- two-
.stcp and lhrrt's how we gut it." cxplrrincd
ch. He Is the major composer and rhythm
grutrrrisl, Irnd Ncul plrrys II herrutilul lcud
gurrrrr.

lhcy met In Huston in l97l. where they
new lturlr playing III II cull'cchuusc in what
{\crrl crrllcrl "lrkc Ilunt night.“ Rex is lrum
Mrrrnc. rrnrl sccms In hr: the quieter ul Ihctwrt:
rr \lt)‘ pct’srtn uhn lL-Is hrs music spcrrk lur lum.
.\c:rl rs \cw \rtrk (‘rty hunt and raised. rrn
rtrllgrrlrlp mun. hnrmcrnp Irruund the dressrrrg
Irmrn. pruulrnp .rrllrurcrs \\rlh:r higsrnrlu urr hrs
Iruc smrrrp "llI‘ l'rn \crrl. hupc you enjoyed

lhc \lrrm "
Cult Heros

llturr curl) |IillliCiiL’C\ lnclutlc. :Iminrrr
Itlltt'ls. liylrrn. Ihc llcrrllcs. I'hil ()L‘hs. rrnrl
l).r\rrl lirrunhurg. \crrl rcmcrrrhcr'crl scorn);
lirrtrrrlmp “ . it) \c“ ank \\llL'|l l \xrrs
\uungcr. hclnru hc cwr Irrrrrlu rcculrls.” When
:rskr'rl rr.trtrr1 Innrc recent musrcr.‘. rrrllrrcrrccs.
he IncnII-tucrl II lmu n1 lltk‘h\ttlt llr'rntnr- Irrrrl
".r - lL'\\ rrl other pr-uplt- " Rexrrrrs\\cl‘cri."Wcll.
| Hull} rcspm Rand) \L-urnrrn Ir lrrt . . hrs
l\rrL‘;r| thlrrhllus .Irrr|.r1cu. lhcru's w runny
pcnplu Ilrrrl l'w rr-.rll\ hkcrl lhc llcutlcs. ul
L‘Ittlt'sr.‘ m mam) pcnplc . . . l'nrsurcllrrrr Ir'er
rlrI\-lrr-rl:rf. Ihrrrp. l‘rrr srrrulhul l'm rrrllucncud
In .rlurulpcrtplcIrrrrlrlrut'lc\cIIIcIIh/ur1"A
l.rII answer In pr'rh.Ipslurrchrcr:rl Ir qucxlritn.

lllL‘) rr'lcrrscrl rrn .rlhrrrurn l‘i7llhrrt. \Ilulurt
rllrl llttl h) .rrry urcnrrs urlrrprrll thcrn In thclup
til the t hrrrls. rlItl cr'r‘rrlc lur'lhcnr u lti)ill gr urrp
or lullrmr-rs. A/lt’L‘ Inn—Step ltccrrmcrrlmust a
cult muwmcnr. cspcrrrrll) :rrrrunj; sliltlcills
.lltlllll lhc l‘ilhl ('urrsl. I"lhrrt‘.~. grunt!" srrrd
\crrl when l lltltl lum.rrlngsrrrilcun hrslrrcc.)

llrcu rrrtlhrrrg mnrc wars hurrrri lr'urn lhcm
Inr rntlrrlu. I asked Ihcru wher hrrppuncd dur-
rng Ihrrt .spcll. Res slurred. “It‘s. uh. wlrrrt
hrrppcncrl wrs tlrrrl we we “ hr: clcurcd his
lirrnru. "erru r/irl harppcn‘l' Ncrrl look over.
"Well we were going to rnrrkc rr sucurni rrlhrrm
Inr‘ lilckuu. illltl we crrl snmc Ihrngs lur Ihru
ulhum. but we decided, rrlnug wrllr rtur
)rutluccr. tlrrrl it  we wurc t'tl-

   
 
 
 

 

it was like this when,
we waltz. into this place

a couple of Papish cats
is doing an Aztec two-step

rug. lll linrl rrnrtlhcr producer :rnd it just got
kind nl Irrurlwrl when the guy thrrt wars the
prcsidcnl til the record Compunylcl't. Wcspcnl
months looking lur rr producer. rrnd then the
new president cumu in run! hr: wars very wishy-
wrrshy zrhnut what he wrrnlcd to do with A/tcc
Inn-Step lirst he wrrs going to mrrku II
rccurrl with us. rrntl Mt wu wrritcd rrntl \urilcd
unrl \tittlL‘tl. run] then he wasn’t. Sn wc girl ull
the lube] uud loukud rrrrnrrnl lorrr new one. We
lttlllltl one rrnd murlc lllL‘ r'ccur'rl,"
"ll‘~ titling rm Srrtrrr'drry wiry don‘t we got
ll\\ll_\ darling
\us. It‘s gurng un huturdrr). wiry rlun'r \\L'
gut emu) now . . "

\VC llllitll) were let inside. the Other l'ntl
wrrs lillcd tulhc hrrrn wrth pcuplu stcrculypc
VIIIugcrs. men in business suits whusucmcd to
he rrwkwrrrdly out ul plrrcu. and the Lung
lslrrudcrs. “It: crtl‘lcchuusc rrtmusphcrc lit
two-Step pcrl'cctly. 'l'hcir concert was rrn ex-
cellent mixture 0| new rind old.thc songsl'rum
.S'u'wrrl Sir-p blending nicely with'thc opus
lrum \shrrt Ncul crrllcd their "Graqrc.rrfllil.r,
l‘n/umr' I." " ', '. _ 7 L
Stage Fright

l lutrntl myscll' enjoying thr- new mIIIcrirrl
more In concert than I hard wirilcjust listening
tothc record. lhc sound rtl'lhctwr) gtliturs.tlrc
buss. and the dclicrrtc harmonics was more
ullcclivc lur mt: umrdorncd thrrn with must of
the orchestration on the record. Ncrrl
Shulrnrrn‘s grritarr Icurls were bcrrulilul. rrud
scnsrtrycly cxcculcd. cspccirrlly during “()Irr
l.I\‘cs. “l‘rrslcr Gun." “Dunccr's All." rrnd
“Crtckr'rtrruh L'rrcnphuny," l‘rcd llulmrrrr drdzr
grunt juh rm the hrrss guilrrr. underlining IIrId
rcrnlurcrng lhc prmct‘ (II the snug.» Rex
l‘rr\\lcl. rrlrhnrrgh nut the more men] ul thr.’
l\\rr In terms ul lulking. still shuncrl lumscll In
he the center til the group through his sump
:trrrl hrs expresst \rncc. \thrch crrrr “rupusull
.rrnuurl \mr'ds hurlcr Ihrru rrlmnsr rrny srugcrl
krrrru.

IhL‘) kept the hncs rtl crtrnmuurcrrtiun wrlh
lltL‘ :Iuthuncc upon. yet they icltitllllctl III cun—
rrul ills: \Ilrulr: lItltC. lhcrr comic timrujr \trrs
\cr'_\ grunt. rrnrl they knew just when In starrt
srrrgrrrg rrllcr tullrng rr Irtkc nr zr slur), lhcy
work Well together, and that closeness created

“'m’wrrs i. then I hcrrtlctl backstage.

at bond between them and us. That made the
concert more than just the usual band-und-
rIrIdicncc experience. with It wall between per-
former and viewer. And yet as close as they
were to us. there was still the actual distance
hctwccn stage rrnd ﬂoor to prove that
somehow they wore above us.
It helped to know that they still get stage

lrighr. chrtdmittcdto“.. . al‘cwtimcs.surc—
like tonight. for lnSliIltC " Then hr: laughed. I
hrtdn‘t noticed rrnything— »rcrrlly‘.’“. . . well. last
night was pretty tough . .  I hadn‘t noticed
anything then.cithcr. Ncrrl spoke. "Once in a
while it just crccps‘ upon you when you don‘t
expect it at all you're out there guing‘uahh..
.' " (with It cunl'uscd look on his l'IIcc. tr) il-
lustrruc). lhcy hnrh laughed. "You can tool it
san Ill tightening up the nerves." chcxplrrin-
cd. I krrnwrhut l'cclrng; I thought you lost it Its
tinn- wcnt on. they are humrrn.

“Oh I‘m in love rrgzrin

AI least this time i think | um

Oh oh I'm in love rrgzrin . . 

llrc girls :11 the next trrhlc were strrring In-

turrtl_\ rrt llTL' srrrgc. 'l'hcsc were the srrmc Iwu
\thrt hrrrl :rskcrl who wrrs whit \tltllc on line.
One rtl thorn whispered In the other " I'lmr
rtnc‘s mrnc!" I couldn‘t I'rgrrrc urII \rlrrch one
she “Its r'clurrrng lu. Ncrrl was srugrng"\\’rrlk-
rug On An" and Rex wars clowning Irr'rtrrnd.
lrmrrrg nitrhrnr,t In till hclwccn lurrmrtnrcs.
marking low In hrs Inrcruphurrc.

A Busy Year

the concert wrrs mcr. too soon us lrrr us the
uudicncc wrrs concerned. but l'wu-Stcp lrrtd
rrnuthcr Slit)“ to (in lrrlcr. 'l‘hcy crrnrc hack l'ur
rm cncorc rrnd did It new classic rind illitl old
one “lluml’llv’ Dummy" and “The l’crsccu-
tinn and Restoration of Dcrrn Moriarty." 'l'hc
Irudrcncc wrrs on its feet again. chipping. So

    

"We rrrc slur:ch rrll singers rtl’ Irilus ul
myths rrnd dreams.

We are singers rIll luuking tor a snug (If
our own . . 

A/Icc lwu—Stcp hrrs hard rI grcrrt your,
they‘ve been pluying thu lirrsr Cmrst. down to
Washington rrnd l’hilrrdclphirt. rrll over New
linglrrnrl. and the New Yrtrk rrrcrr. It wrrsn‘t
:rlwrrys like this. Ncrrl spoke tor the both at
them. "We gcncrrrlly plrry every week. Lust
ycrrr wrrs grunt. working all thctimc. We have
Irmc till: we always gut limc ull during the
track In cumc hrrck. though lrucly we've been
really husrcr and hrrsrcr' :Ind husicr i don't
krrun. \sc rlun'r gcr humc us much rrnymurc.
lhurc um rr Irmc tn our career. though. gnrng
lurck In the lust run )crrr's In between records.
when l rrscrl lu sll). ‘rtnu rnurc six-weekstrcrch
wrtlr nutlrrng to do unrl l‘m gunnrr gr) rrhsulutc-
ly Irmrrrrrm!‘ l hch wcrc trmcs when he‘d plrry
u gr); and t lrcu ll would he I wu wcuks. pluy rr gig
Irnd it‘d be rrnotlrcr thr'uc wccksoll l'd rruhcr
he busy tlIrIrI hrrvc tu (lt) Ihrrn. wrritiuglor our
next grg." Rex nuddcd hrs Ircrrdinrrgrccmcnt.

' . it lr'u/cn Irrcc would hrdc its eyes
and wouldn‘t dare to even dream about

  

   
   

Mice TW"'5l9lZ in ﬂex Fowler (Iett), end Neel Shannan.

slewst

“plrry uu- WNIiW-l-M. Munhrutun's must

     

slowly
Neal. the more outgoing at the two,
“plays a beautitul lead."

the sky

nun :rrn‘t It lunny u Irin'l it lunuy why

where does It grt‘.‘

nuhudy knows

climbing thrrt spirrrl strrirs

IlIul lctttl nuwhcrc . . 

is success going to spoil A/lcc lwrt-Stcp‘.’

RCA rs pushing them hrrrd posters. ads in
the Sunday New )‘ur‘lr liliir‘.\.ttttt.l lruursolrtir-

prestigruus pr’ogrcssitc-ruck rrrtlin station
(plus II Incrnlcryrcw pcr'l (trillilllCL' on WN EW
this prrst Sunday morning. the second of
Nutcrnhcr). ls ('uusin lirucic in their tuturc‘.’
Or would Ihcy pr'clcr rclrrtlvc cumlurl rmd Irr-
trslrc Irccdum'.’ Rcs liked thrrt. hcimmcdiutcly
stud "Ycrrh . .  Ncul rrgrccd. lhcu rtddcd. "i
want lhr: rrlhum In he succcsslul. you knrtw.
\I‘hrrIcIcrthrIt murrns . . . it’s rcrrlly harrd In srry."

Top 40?

Rex litlrllcrl \\Ilh some Irrmmrngs on u l‘rrrit
hrrskct than sumcnnc hrrd sent them. “\Vlrrrl
wc'tl lrkc in tin Is In hc rrhlc Iu gel Irwrry from
just plznrng rtrrr ‘hur spots‘ rind he :Ihic il't.
hupclullr. pin) rrll Inur’ thc liuircd Strrlcs. Irnd
the Inuit! ll \Ic'ru able in rl thrIl mcrrns
succcsslrrl rhurr rhzrr's “ltitl \Ic‘d Irkc." Ncrrl
rrgr'uutl; “I rlnrr'r Irmc Ir lnp silt lctish ur
rrmrlrrrnr hkr: Ilrru prrrlrculrrrl). lan \Ihrrtcvcr
hrrppcrrs.  ch cxprrnrlcrl. "It sure helps get-
rrng )(tll um. I rncrrn. let's Irrcc ll ll rcully
dries." .\crrl ltnrshcd. “I mcrrn II we get there
wc'rl lrkc rr tilt rtrrr rcrms. lhc tlrrng Is. either
you [:0 tr! II III' ll Crimes it) you. ll you rnrrkc it
sung rrrrrl )till lt)\t.' It. :rnd It goes lop-ill. grcru!
it “c hrnc rrt gel hunt out at slrrrpc because 0|
it that‘s not m gtttlti . . 

l \trtnrlcr hrm mrrny slurs slurred wirlr that
wrsh to rumrrrn rrrrhcnt. uncumprumrslng in
the lrrcr: Itl cummcrcrrrl success. It‘s rm
iduzrlrsrrc \rcn. rrnt: that only srrpcr'slrrrs like
l))|zrrr :Ir'c :Ihlc In l‘L'illl/L‘ (Iurtl men then rrt the
risk 01 lmrng ground through their musical
growrlIJ. lr wrrs met: to hcrrr Two-Step voice
thrs Ilplltlrtll. though. lur it assures us 01' uu
huncsr Irttcrupr on IlIcIr prrrr to steer clcrrr ul'
an) l'lltllt .lnhn—r) pc cummcrcrrrl hypcs r-l'ur
us lung rrs thc) curt,

Rex pullcd some til the Irrmmrugs ull nl'thc
bush-1‘ “Inch \IIIs nestled on the dressing
trrhlc :uuung pupcr's. discarded guitar-string
envelopes, rrnd lit)‘liiPL‘ recorder. “thn‘rc we
gurug brrck up to Alhrruy'.’ We'd like to come
brick Irp rszry hello to rrll our friends and
relatives.“ A line from his "Highway Sung"
popped into my lrcrrtlv-“Rcrncmbcr me to my
l’r'icuds so kind . .  it it was up to me. they
would be here next week.

“There will always be rt luster gun
[tut there'll never be another one like
you. . ."

 

 

 

 

 

