 
  

  
  

always -

with Janus. ‘

e

  
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   

 

   
    
 
   

 
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

“"0  ’8 "Namesake '

r V I "of the'Roman antheoii" have their‘ '

’ equivalentsit'i' the‘Greek pantheon. but fathers do not. Amongfatllii‘iiieewiii‘i
” inedtheirstrietly Italicitraditionvwere Bona Dea. the “Good

Goddess. Quinnus. generally identiﬁed with Rome‘s founder Romulus and

Janus. who has given his name to the month of January. This article will’deal

   
 
    
      
    
  
    
  
   
 

In many early societies, entering or leaving one‘s house was an important
act and the door of one's house therefore received special attention. both
architecturally and ritually. The Romans went so far as to have a special
numen (divinespirit) for each part of the door. Janus was the god of the door
as a whole. the fauna, and also of the more pretentious arch or gateway.
Passing through a door or gateway is usuallythe beginning of something. and
thus Janus became the god of all beginnings. In a list of gods called upon in
prayer he was always given the ﬁrst place. even before Jupiter. His worship
was directed by the my sacrorum. a priestly official who continued the
religious functions of the Roman kings.

Janus Important In War

In mythology Janus is not very important. 0n the other hand, he played a
considerable role in the life of the Roman state. Shortly after the foundingof
the city. so tradition held. he frustrated the betrayal of the city to the Sabines
by Tarpeia. From his temple—probably more likea ceremonial gateway—in
the Roman Forum. Roman armies formally set out for war. and failure to
perform the ritual correctly could. it was believed. lead to defeat on the ﬁeld
of battle. In times ofwar the gates of this temple stood open. so that the god
could instantly come to the aid of Roman armies. In times of peacethe temple
was closed and War himself supposedly was confined within it. Given the
course of Roman history with its constant wars. it is easy to understand that
tlte temple of .lanus stood open most of the time. In 30 B.C. it was formally
closed. in honor of Augustus‘ victory til the battle of Actium in the preceding
year and to signal the end of Rome‘s prolonged civil wars. Thelast closing of
tltc temple had taken plttct: ntore than two-hundred years earlier. in 241 BC.
at the end of the First I’unic War. Augustus would itot be granted to keep the
tcittple closed for tire remainder of ltis long reign.

First Month Namesake

.ltinus‘ festival. the Agonalia. was held on January 9. and it makes good
sense. of course. that the first month of the year should be named after the
god of beginnings. It is to he noted. however, that January was not the lirst
month of the year until the calendar was reformed iit 153 BC. Before then.
the year began with March. and otir moittlts September through December
bear witness of this fact.

Two Heads Not Always Better
‘ In an Janus is always represented with n double-faced head. looking botlt
forward and backward; he carries a scepter and a key. Greek vases with two

 

 

Th e Row to".

\

(3 Oil drum 5

fitccs iit different directions (typically one female and one male or one
Caucasian and one Negroid) are called jaitiform. In modern English usage
JIIIttt.\'7/ilt‘t't/ is it synonym for t/cccit/itl. although nothing suggests that the
Romans thought of Janus as dcceitfttl.

h
 ire sent 5

 

lulu/u] I‘I \flllltlll uni-t .trnui
)
.. ’7 /

   
 

K W t . a
s is, ‘ " 1 . ~ w. '. .
my * . w. M t . . a i

   

PAGE 8A

 
 

ALBAN 953 o

T“ STAR SPANCsLm
‘WAsHBOAR. Bartok

Um Hither, CC Bailrwm

ff]. w +ax cit/trot.

\
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

(ZNS) Rock promoters acrossthe
nation are reporting that attendance
at concerts is being hit hard by the
current recession.

New York rock promoter Howard
Stein sats that attendance at concerts
in New York isoffanywhere from 25
to 40 percent. Stein predicts that by
the end of this spring. the number of
promoters left in the rock ﬁeld will
be reduced from its current number
of 30 to 12.

In San Francisco. Bill Graham
also reports a drop in rock atten—
dance. Suys Graham: “I think the
rock tour has reached its peak.“

He says that the major rock
names—including the Rolling
Stones. Elton John. Jethro Tull and
Led Zeppelin—have no trouble fill-
ing arenas. The smaller groups are
the ones in trottblc. Graham says.

Graham reports that he used to be
able to book a Well-known group
with two lesser-known groups at a
successful concert. Today. however.
he intist book two big name groups
and a single lesser-known group in
order to draw the necessary atten-
dance. Graham says there “are fewer
opporttiititics for new groups.“

 

 

ATTENTION!
The Arts Staff
invites all members
of the university
community to
attend an interest
meeting on
Monday evening,
January 27th, at 9
p.m. in the QC.

Fireside Lounge.

 

 

/

 

8300 PM

JANUARY 24, 1975

   
    
  
  
   
    
     
       
     
 
   

 

  

 

 

l
l

       
 



 
 
   
 
       
       

Don't lock Us Out

To the Editor:

An intolerable situation arose here last
semester which makes me wonder if the
administration has the students‘ best interests
at heart. The problem is the library. The

. weekend before ﬁnals week, the library was

closed at 10 o‘clock on Friday. 8 o‘clock on
Saturday. 12 o‘clock on Sunday and 12
o‘clock every night of finals week. After 12.

i students were sent to the reading room. which
‘ holds not more than 200 people. For a school
of more than 15.000 students, the reading

room is ridiculously inadequate.
There are no other places on campus wltcre

I students can study in pcace.'l‘hc dorntsurc
2 noisy. the U-loungcs are cold attd lack
“ furniture. and the lighting in the cafeterias is

an invitation to eyestruin and the

accompanying headaches. The students need

the library more during ﬁnals than at any
other time. How can students be expected to
prepare properly for finals without adequate
facilities for study? The library should be open
24 hours during the time period around finals.
ifttot the entire semester. The students should
not tolerate a situation like this again. l
inquired at the library desk why the librtiry
couldn‘t be open laterand lwasiitforined that
there wasn‘t any money to keep it open.

We are all painfully aware of the problems

 caused by inflation. and yet this situation is
ti ludicrous. l was told by a professor that the
'1 uniVCrsity spent 5150.000 rckcyittg the locks
,. on the podium. If the administration cntt find

tltut much money for rekcying locks. they
should be able to'coittc tip with cnotiglt money
to keep the library open 24 hours during the
time when the students need it most. If the
administration cannot come up with sufficient
funds to do this. tltcit this university is iit sud
shape indeed.

Stewart I). Lyman

 IiiE-u -=
Filo/At rail?

    

    

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvoivvivvvwvvivbvvvvv
_________________.____________._____

Reaching the Goal

To the Editor:

Alton Smith was able to announce that his
Defense Fund hutl finally reached its goal.
Please accept tltc sincere thanks of the
Committee for the pitblicity and interest
generated by the ASP coicrnge. In behall of
Alton and his family. we wish also to express
our sincere gratitude to the individqu
students. faculty. maintenance and
administration stuffs who contributed. lltcir
thoughtfulness hits madcpossiblcAlton'souly
rcqucst throughout this sad incident: that lie
he givcit his day in court. lltc appeal is
tentatively scltcdtilcd lot the third week in
lltIIIlIfy.

lltc Alton Smith l)clcusc
l‘ttllti ('ontmtttce

Encore!

To the Editor:

ljust wanted to taken ittoittcitt to tluiitk you
for it few minutes of rciidiitgpleiisurc. llcrc lIl
SASU we circulate the college tichpnpcts
that arrive at our office. inorder to keep up to
date with State University happenings.

A few weeks ago. your serial. 'l'ln' ('ollcgi'
Slut/Ell]. caught my eye. Let inc-just say that l
was thoroughly moved by the descriptive.
articulate and sensitive manner in which you
brought your story to life.

I don't know ifthc purticultir title you were
telling is based on an incident iii the life of u
friend; if it was. I felt that I lost ll friend of

JANUARY 24, 1975

 
 

mustang ‘- i  ~
Please keep on writing. I have confidence
that you will go far. Encore. thanks. '

Dan D. Kohane_

Editor’s note; The above letter iefers to Alan
Abbey's article. "The College Student."

Public Deception

To the Editor:

The Gallo Wine company is attempting to

deceive the public by saying they support
fnrmworkers. They claim they are a family
business. In l972 Gallo made 44.7 million
dollars profit. Is this a family business? Gallo
claims they have a warm relationship with
their fnrmworkers. Umberto Hernandez. a
Gallo worker. said that workers often had to
run from vine to vine to maintain the pace
demanded by Gallo foremen. “If you fell
behind the crew they‘d fire you. They‘d
announce it real loud to make the others speed
up.“
Gallo said they support the idea of
unionization. If that is trttc why did Gallo lire
tltc 125 workers that went out on strike'.’ Why
did they evict 70 families front their ltousing
while they were on strike‘.’ Gallo claims tltut
their contracts provide ntore titan their
previous contracts with tltc United
Fiirntworkers. This is also false. Mcdicul
insurance under Gallo‘s Teamsters contract
covers only the fnrmworker. UFW contracts
provide medical insurance for the farmworker
and his family.

(iallo claims it honored and respected the
wished of their t'arntWorkers. One hundred
twenty-five out of ISO workers went out on
strike iit support of the UFW btit (inllo still
refused to sign a contract with the U FW. (‘inllo
claims it is ujurisdictionttldispute bctwccit tltc
Uttitcd l‘tirmworkcrs Union and the
’l'caintstcrs. The California Supreme court
ruling in favor of the Ill-'W said “at least a
substantial nutttbcr and probably a majority
of field workers desired to be represented by
the II I-'W and expressed no desire to hit“! the
lcumstcrs represent them.

The moral justification for the boycott of
(itillo wines is right in Mr. (iullo's backyard.
ltt August ol I973 tltc Mcrccd County health
department declared drinking water on
(itillo‘s rnncltcs to be contaminated and were
ordered to clean it up. ()ttJttly 19. I974 lsmttcl
(ioitlulcv. u Gallo worker received it check of
$1.10 for working 27 hours. In September of
1973 after two l'ttrntworkcrs were killed on tltc
pickctlinc. one by it sheriff and one by n
stt‘ikcbrcttkct'. tltc UFW felt that it could no
longer insure the safety of the workers on the
pickctlitte. l'hcycullcd offtltcstrikctuid began
tltc (iiillo boycott. The facts are clear. The
boycott of (iullo wines is the only way that
l'nrittworkcrs can gain dignity and justice.
Please help us boycott.

St cvc Red lci'

L
WHETHER
quietest! “K5 my

 

Contaminated Us

To the Editor:

I was involved with it project “If Man
Against llis liiiviroitittent (AIENV 150). [he
lIIlljtll' tlicutc ol this project is to raise the level
of public awareness to the inherent dangers
lllltl problems involved with the use of nuclear
energy tor generating electricity. Many people

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' a . _ to P
thermal pollution. Iand’u ‘ I
such a plant. transportation of wastes and . r: p I . '  '

' f a orientation cauin ' by:

their disposal. and the possibility of core
meltdown or blowout. ,   L,

What I would like to discuss is why we are
confronted with these problems at all. and
some facts that are also‘alarming but not as
well known. .

For the past twentyyearseightyfour percent
of energy research funds went toward nuclear
power research despite the fact that the waste
disposal problem we are confronted with
today existed when research was begun. Only
token amounts have been alloted for the
solution ofthis problem whiledevelopment of

pi.e.. location or

large amount‘ e. .ﬁshwill neentrate

concentrate>_radi'an'tionj into i

 
   
 
  
          

level. Man. the ﬁnalpreditbr consumes 
concentrated poison as part of his diet. Hie.
longer life span enables him to consume tit '
of this contaminated food. The result oft
progressive poisoning is not yet kn
because the atomic age is still. youn“
However. if We continue on our pre'sen
course. we may ﬁnd the answer to be

  
 
 
   

  
 
 

     
  

plants continued. It is no wonder that the extremely unpleasant and then it will be toil».
Atomic Energy Comission. now the Energy llllc.

Research ttnd Development Agency. proposes James Kellerrnlt‘i
. , k'r . \I \~ ”

 

 

Castles Burning:

Sticks and Stones May
Break My Bones . 

by Ken Wax

I don‘t go looking for lights. but should one iirisc. I'm always prepared. he studied self
defense. I l'l'flfll self defense. My vocal cords tire dcttdly weapons.

look the cotttsc art the "Y" lust summer. 'I'iiught by a small ()ricittiil speech teiicltcr. it lasted
cigltt necks lllltl Cttxl lorty dollars. Dollars well spent. ,

Quite u lc\\ timcs I'ic hurl tocut npnrt rowdics at bars. and with veran sell defense. I‘ve done it
quickly. without gcttiitg nuissed up. lill'icicnt. it's hcl'tcd me avoid a good number of problems“
and newt tiny coittplicntton, lltttil New Year‘s live. that is.

l was til at clth iii the city. and n lcllow, acttiullyltc was more liken Nciitttlcrtltul itttiit.cyebrow
ridge and all. started with ittc. He mode at rcittui'k ol desire to tire woman l was with. suggesting
shc "dump that creep" itiuduciottsly referring to me) and attach hcrscll to the ntun-apc..l. of
course. lnict'\L'lICti lit the iittcrcoursc. and this missing link gets riled.

“Well. I'm gonna punch your face in. punk." ltc growled. ldccidcd to prc-cinpt ltistittttck. and.
planting my lcct shoulder lcitgth upzirt. let to with tltc first of no upcoming but‘t‘tigc.

" l'our llltlllll'l' In'vt'r ftll'l'l/ roll," I culittly thrust. lie was stunned. in n du/c. n stupor. l toyed
with him.

" l’our /ll.\l(' in clothing i.\ poor. I'l‘l'l'lltllll'." ’I lie delivery was superb. the condescending tone
matched the pointed giurc particularly well. and the inflection. well. il I do say so myself. was
llltl.l{lll/ft‘t‘lll. liiIC Simiutt bcttt over and fell to the floor. l'his was the point where l slioulillttiyc
stopped.

litit. lor whatever the reason. I suspect the drittks were responsible. I decided to have it little
liiit. In retrospect I know it was wrong. but til the lime . . . wcll. lgticssthcrcisitoexcusc...

I cleared my throat. and lottd enough for tltc wltolc place to hear . , . "l 'm. toitrgirlli‘icml tlr
lit/ring orgasm.” lie screamed ottt and contorted his body inn spasmodic cringe. l was sippingu
glass ol water. preparing lor uttotltcr smash. whcit tltc door burst opeit and two cops came in.
t’vltiu-npc pulls himself tip on one knee and says to the cops:

“ 1 his guy verbally assaulted tttc. Hit me tit the guilt and cgo three times." he moans. One ol'thc
cops. tltc shorter one. bends down close to his head. and asks the hood If he wants to press
charges. He says ltc does. I explode:

“()lliccr. this is ridiculous! \\'hy. tltis— . .
tcmplc.

“Any \crbnl pi otcctilcs ltoitt you." lie says slowly. like It] thcntoi IL'N. "and I‘ll blow you away."
I thought of iitlorming him ol the tttntcritully based guilt inspiration ol his crude threat. bttt
dismissed it its ill tid\iscd. I sat quietly while the otltcr cop culled headquarters ("Trauma on
lilcckci and 2nd") to littd out what to do.

" | ltcy sin to tape his mouth. we got alt uittbulnncc coming tor this one." he gestured towards
mun—ape. He was still on tile llooi. rocking back and lortlt. going "She could it't have been raking.
sltc tot/lil/t‘l'i'i' . . 

l'otlt' strips ol udhcsiic tnpc did ll. my ntotitlt was scaled when the ambulance arrived.

 My outcry is cut oil by a pistol pressed to my

it was quite it sight. Siicit screeching. you could hear tltc burn ol thc tires as the ambulance
ciiitic to no abrupt stop iit lroitt ol the plticc. lltc I\\tl attcndnnts ruccd out of the cab and run ‘
around to tltc back. which they opened tip with tttiitdbogglittg spccd.

()ut onto tltc sidewalk they wheeled ll plush couch. and it gontced psychologist. notebook in
hand. in It Cllllll'. 'l hey whisked over to its. one pushing the shrink. the other the couch. Missing-
Iink was rolled onto the couclt. and mold it llurry t)fht.‘Li\\i:IlllIg questions was wheeled back into
tltc vuit. lltc siren started up iittd away loomed the ambulance.

llte cops started shoving me towards the police car. "You think you're a tough man.doncha?“
SCI'CiIIIICIiJ yelled/taunted the short one.

“Mllrbmg sntlnrgl“ l ltollercd through the tape.

¥§UUUUUUI¥UUUUUE¥UUU _

Next tltiiig I know. I‘m being prodded along an institutional colored hallway. Up ahead asig
on n llaking green door: Semantics Division. "Yeah." mutters one ofthe cops. “they‘ll know how
to handle ya." and l was pushed through the doorway Into a smallish room. bare save three

chairs. and two detectives . . .
to be continued...

PAGE unis

 

 
       
       
   
  
 
   
 
  
  
   

   
 
    
  
 
      
  

  
    
 
   
   
 
 
 

 
 

      
      
    
   
      
      
 

