  
  
            

  
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
     
        
    
   

  
    
    
 
 

3’3” a.

 Matter
if 0f Decency

by Hillary o. IteIIdt ‘

‘ no one is to blame but themselves. There are

 
 

do not d r‘na'ndthe’enf rc’ement ofthse rules

very few spooks and establishments that will
help. A small percentage of movie theaters
have raised their prices for smokers and forced
them. to sit in specially designated sections.
Several-token arrests have also been made for
lighting, up in elevators. ' I

As a general rule. the only enforcers on no-
smoking laws are the non smokers themselves.

 

Unless these people speak up. a person who is ,

smoking might not be aware that others are
annoyed with his actions. Although it seems
obvious. one cannot expect a smoker to realise

 

Tactics. Now and Then
by Linda Kabooll-I '

0n the 5th anniversary of the murder of the students demonstrating at Kent State University
against the invasion of Cambodia. s' new generation of revolutionaries met in our Campus
Center to discuss techniques for the next day‘s lobbyingeffort in the New York State Legislature.
Our cause wasa noble one, the restoration of the SUNY budget cuts was our goal. We would go
quietly and respectfully to discuss our views with the legislators.

The history of the SUNY students in the activism of the late 60‘s and early 10‘s is well
reniembered. Our brothers and sisters had closed the New York State Thruway from Buffalo to
New Paltz following Cambodia. They marched on Washington. fire bombed buildings. and
destroyed draft records. Again and again they angrily confronted the campus administration.

 

  

  

  

  

   

  

   

 

  
 
 

by Ira Phillis Shsbmnsky

The governing power over minor
productions; the Experimental
Theater Board. must be getting lax
in their duties. or else finals are
prevalent on their minds. Thiscan be
the only reason and explanation for
the trash 1 was faced with on Friday
night. in the form of two plays.
“Burrs, Burrs. Burrs.“ and “Knocker
on the Ceiling." Both of these plays

Expendiental

Anderson. who should use his
writing skill to write some "clever"~

messages on those cute cocktail
napkins.

Purple Potty Piss

“Burrs. Burrs. Burrs" deals with a
girl. Roberta (Jane Breslin) whose
nickname is. somewhat appropriate-
ly. Burps. She gets lost on a field trip

 

eater? '

 

 

far most putrid example-of 

theater's art.:;.g .

' lfnot forthe/l‘tnejobdone   I

bie Lee Smith. as Siso. “Knocker on
the Ceiling” would have fallen total-
ly to the floor. Smith was excep-'
tionally capable as an actress. but
her co-stars, Chris Wolfe as Couch
and Doug Albert as Mada, have as
much acting ability as the above-
mentioned Breslin and Tesser. This

lhhl he is dimﬂ’lhl hhyhhe “hlm he is demanding to be heard. We like to think that theymadeconsiderable headway inestablishing . . wi‘h h B. I . Sh .

- new“ you phwwaitumﬂyou worm“ speciﬁcally told that he is doing so. He is student power and influence. And yet if wesit back and take stock we'd’discover that many of were “me” and mum" bV 1°“ perWHEJngilca: is e Scam}? Shiraz"? 0'3)! mm???” o?-
‘ ' no in his tobacco and can‘tima ‘ne how it ' ‘ " _ ‘ if t 2 to the UUP, on the - - ' n a N 05' e o m H "mm ' u w" m

hhl '9 In“? “at mm“? c J y 3 3' 'he" 33"“ we” ‘m‘l’onry 0"“ we have lo" 0“ a number 0 “m ’ sure which one he is) named Hy very poor taste. There is nothingless

“No. Ljust ate. 1 have to smoke now.
Anyway. I'm fucking up‘my lungs. not yours.“

That was the answer to the request of
several students to a smoker on a crowded
SU NYA bus. lamdisappointed and disgusted
at the smoker's retort. Being an ex-smoker
myself. I realize thedriving need fora cigarette
but when it is at the expense of someone else's
health this need should become secondary.

It is unfair that smoking is allowed in

In all these situations. a non smoker is
submitted to the same effects as the person
who is lighting up; yet most non smokers sit

is unpleasant to anyone else.
. c

There is no reason to be afraid to ask
someone not to smoke. Most smokers are
aware that their habit affects not only them
and many will consent to a non smokers
request to stop. It is understandable to try to
get away with smoking if no one seems to be
bothered. If one isn‘t annoyed then fine;
however. if the smoke is distracting and

parking mics. to the legislature; and on tenure decisions. Slowlythey've all played on our widely
publicized apathy. ‘

The students used an effective strategy. They literally pushed their opposition up against a
wall. They played on fear and intimidation. They had taken the administration by surprise and
left it with no recourse but compliance. Here they made their demands and counted their
conquests.

The University reafﬁrmed its stand and established 'rules' and guidelines which weredesigned
to keep us in our place. Three students from SUNY at Buffalo have been suspended because of
the "Maintenance of Public Order” guidelines which resulted from the May Day
demonstrations. We have lost the right to spend our student tax without administration

And so we marched into the legislature yesterday and discussed our issues. We were patted on
the head for being hard working concerned citizens. We are beginning to learn how to make
effective change and this is good.

But we‘ve take these tactics and used them in our own affairs. We‘ve begun to mimic their

 

 
 
 

   

 
 
  
 
 

  
 
  
 
 

 

  

  
  

 
 
 

   

 
 
 

 

Dan Wagoner and Dancers ls
comprised of Amen and 3 women.all
young. talented. and in very good
shape.

With the energy of youngchlldren
at play. they moved throughd setsof
music: classic and contemporary.
displaying the control and timing
that comes with beingprofcssionals.

Dan Wagoner has developed his

 

(Steven Tesser). Hcoffers to help her
ﬁnd her class. but she refuses. She is
covered with “bothersome burrs.
burrs. burrs," (hence the title). Hy.
after contending with her equally
bothersome personality. leaves. and
Burps remains lost. By the end ofthis
piece. I was wishing that Burps had
gotten lost on her way to the theater.
Brcslin has a negligible amount of

 

 

 

 

Adventures

 

Many visitors to Venice no doubt

from the Greek island of Chios to

stood on a triumphal arch until Con-

Austriu in I797. he carried off thcsc

enjoyable than watching Wolfe pick
his nose. Again. with the aforemen-
tioned exception, acting was at a
record low point. The plotdealswith
“purple potty piss" from a purple
monster. from which a freckle-
vanishing creme. Frec-Kill. is
manufactured. The play goes
downhill from there. Suddenly the
monster dies. and Siso becomes the

Anderson to “write” these pieces. If
it was out of hunger for money.
l'nmc. or such. believe me. these two

i restaurants. the cafeteria. classrooms. buses. unCOMlorlahlelheh learn ‘0 Speak llP- TheTClS interference and we are in constant battle with certain legislators. acting “Hem M doc“ Tcsscr_!hc “Fur '6 P0" Piss“ "orsomc‘hin
a: movie theaters, elevator; and various on." no need to suffer and. endure Silently the The confrontation strategy has not totally disappeared. Wesecit every time EOPSA clashes own form of originality. were pert-cc. 'l-oi‘h for‘cach the I), 0  y I n ' .b . g'
‘i public places. There are very few situations pungent smoke waftmg into your nostrils. with Student Association over the smallest issue. Black students seem to have a mysterious m m - I ~  ~ - 0 .- r. n  I? never. red y sure  om now .
 more uncomfortable than sitting inthc middle ll WOUld be Em" ll 8m0klhg WCTEBbOllSth power over the white students. They scare the whites into admitting to themselves that they are mom. “no la: "‘0’": yea“: “fem? call?“ imm‘ lhlh Pldy Chds- except “18! ll does en‘l »
; of a tiny. unvcntilated. windowless classroom complelch’ bl" this Will never be lhe cast prejudiced. Natural self defense mechanisms come up and after the smoke has cleared you'llﬁnd clauical forum .  . " er pm “mom” t ‘5 was by vaguely‘ 3
f with a pipesmokeron one side. a cigar burning COEXlSlehce l5 POSSlhle as long as mum“ that EOPSA has own itsdemands and paid a price refundable onlyin hate and distrust. Minority ' ' '  smmy From Hung" t
f in back of you and two chainsmokers in front. WSW“ is given 10 CVEI'YOhe concerned- students have a long way to go before they reach the white‘s plateau of ineffectualdiplomacy. 
Of a I    I don‘t know what prompted Jeff, V i

     
 
     
    
    
   
     
   
  
      
       
     
   
        

    
  
   
   
     
  
    
     
 
  
     
     
     
   
     
    
   
  
 
 

 hack quietly. stiflingmoughs and timidly

 lAnninsthshatyairw- ludicrous POW" PlaySEhdlrlPOhoufcgos-wehmlhcmmlvet“hablnomakeadeClSionvunablc ncvcr advert to thc four splendid Constantinople in the fifth century Slimline broughl "him 10 his new "Ohhv’ horses 10 Paris for thc Plays Were strictly from hunger. If ..
 It istime fgpthissilentmajoritytospcok up. to reach aconsensus. CcntralCouncilisttprimc example.Thcybchaveinamannerthatthey'd bronze horses which stand on the A1)” where they stood on the czipittilConstuntinoplcus cmincntly glorification ofhisown cupitttl.'l‘hcy these were written foraclass.Ander- 
 True. we cannot infringe upon the rights of verbally scorn if they could only see it themselves. facade balcony of San Marco towers of {he Hippodrome (nice- worthy to add to the artistic tone of were utlcngth restored to Veniccttnd 50" ShOUld be ferntWCd from the 

 

someone wholgnjoys smqking cigarettes but
he in turmhas nouright to subject us to his
distastcl'ul.hpbits. ,. .. I
Sigis prohibiting smoking are visibly
posted in many of the aforementioned places
but most people disregard thcsc notices. and

 

 

r

 

 

 

 

 

We should make our new knowledge of the system to work so we may use the system for our
own ends. To do this we must lay aside our egos. put down our rhetorical weapons. ignore special
interests and begin to develop at class consciousness among ourselves. A unity is needed which
will supcrccdc pclty disagreements.

Until we throw nsidc these patterns of conformity we will not be revolutionaries but heirs to it
systcm than will not work. We will hc pcrpcluulors of incompetence.

WI

    
 

 

Coming Soon:

cztthedml. for they are easily
overlooked amid the cxubcrnnt or-
ntttcncss of that rcmttrknblc
building. 01' thosc who do notice
them. how many are aware of their
adventurous story“!

The horses are likely of Greek
workmanship. of the fourth or third
century B.C.. to judge from their
style: or at lcast accurate copies of
Greek originals of that period. Ac-
counts ofthcir history are divergent.
Some say that they were brought

truck). Other reports are that they
belonged to some monument at
Alexandria in Egypt. a great center
of the inter Greek culture. Some
,u'guc that they were part ofthc great
Rhodinn chariot of the Sun that
.mcc stood near Apollo's temple at
Delphi. since their hooves would lit
the holes in the surviving base ofthat
bronze group. one of the glories of
Delphi. Eventually. like so many
other products of Greek art. they
were brought to Rome. There they

 

 

the New Rome.

When Constantinople was pillag-
cd and almost totally destroyed in
HM“ during the Fourth Crusade.
these horses were among the very
few ttncicnt objects spared. The
Venetian contingent in the expedi-
tion admired them so much that they
dcmttndcd them as part ofthcir loot
and transported thcm proudly to
Venice to bc a further trophy for
their famous shrine to thc evangelist
St. Mark. whose body had been
“borrowed” from Alexandria in the
ninth century by two patriotic

 

to their high platform overlooking
the Piazza San Marco and its milling
throngs of tourists from nearly cvcry
nation. The admiration which has
made so many glory-seeking rulch
covet possession of these horses has
at least prcscrvcd them for us
through all these vicissitudes.

The horses are somewhat ovcr life-
sizc. and are ofoutstanding realism
and vitality. They are prancing
spiritcdly and show a vibrant ncr-
vous energy in their eyes. lluring
nostrils. mobile jaws. and active
muscles as they toss their hcods in

class immediately. and given a stern
reprimand for even thinking himself
an amateur playwright. As a direc-
tor. Anderson did ‘an equally fine
job. ldidn‘t realize whatdiction real-
ly was until I heard Ms. Brcslin
stumble over her lines. I didn't know
what movement was until I saw how

Chris Wolfe lumbcrcd off the stage”

Lines like “Bothersome burrs. burrs.
burrs." and “No. no. I can't believe
it. no. no. no . .  clearly show
Anderson‘s crcativcwriting abilities.

ls Theatre Alive?

  _ . special student tour to merchants of Venice. When restless motion. Annncicnttrndition But I can‘t put all the blame on
“f L tl R 1 Napoleon turncd Vcnicc over to zlscrihcd thcsc horses to Lysippus. Anderson. He only wrote these
i,  l e  s g  one of the greatest of Greek artists picccs. Some of the blame must be
 "fﬂmyuunuuu tmd court sculptor to Alexander the laid at the l'cct of the Experimental
 3"“ “NVCI‘SIW duh": Fresco‘s: . . ’ OR'ENTAL RUG (ircut. He worked primarily in Theater Board itself. These people
 1 F 1m F u l    SHowmt-ZM SEES brim/.c. and was famous for his hnvclo readthcscplaysundupprovc
 Mo i‘ere's l   . - - SCATTER AND "0 nnimul stutucs. athletes. and por- th:m for production. it is well
 return to  any-“me wlthln one year. mall‘d'“: trnits. li'thcsc mttstcrfullycnststccds beyond my span of belief that they

  

 

 

:‘ﬂliﬂbi‘ﬁltﬂbi’simﬁ
ﬁttflfﬂfmflrillﬁﬂ

 

May
May 10.11 2:30pm

'1-10 8:30 pm.

 

  
  

with a

Pink Panther Cartoon

 

tour includes 2 weeks of intensive touring
CALL JEFF NOW 4574043

for law student rates

Students for Israel
an affiliate of Albany State Travel Club

 

Qum. Nltln. Kirmnn
Mishktn. l'uhriz. llokhnrn

Friday. May 9. 9-9
Saturday. May l0. 9-5

Rowntowner Motor Inn. Woli l-‘ld

Colonle
LOUDON RUG GALLERY

 

 

arc not his ttctuztl work. they muyttt
any rate have beneﬁted from his
technique. ttnd thcy sccm worthy to
be ussocittlcd with his name and in-
llucncc.

Schodcr. S.J.. Alanna-pierce of
(frock xi r1. 9‘ I960. by permission of
the author.

even considered these plays for
production. It is a shame that the
Board doesn‘t scrccn theirttpplicants
in n more serious manner.

On the whole. the evening was an
unadulterated waste oftimc. lwould
like to thank chfAndcrson and his
cast for disproving the theory that
the theater is still alive.

 

Lie

...at Strawberry Fields. Jomalco -

     
   
    
 
 
 

 

 
 
  

The Caribbean Campsite whose early

I summer package runs as low as
| 335 per person per week.
l, Airfares this time a] year are
also low, ao...!orget the some

tired old vacation places arid-thi-
ttme...uacatlon at Strawberry Fields.

  
   
    

g This Saturday I May 70th) :

; is Indian Quad ’3

Directed by James M. Symoas
W
Lab theatre

Buforng Arts Center
State University of New York at Albany

 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
      

ON
the /
Beach. . . 

 

Thursday, May 8
8 & 10 pm

LC-18

  
  
  
  

 

/ You stay in double-bed thatched-roof

cottages or tents. needed in a
autllul oceanfront on Jamaica's north coast.
ou can even do your own cooklng if you like.

 

 

‘SJZIith educational I.D.. "with tax card
Box Office (SIB) 457'8606

And...

the reggae music is hot...
the ocean breeze cool...
the people open...

the time oncarperfect...
the bar-prices low...

and the snorkllng superb.

ALL DA Y PARTY

-sponsored by Indian Quad Association

 

25‘ with Indian Quad Card
50‘ with tax

 

loaded by 5M“! Associatin-
__._.__....———-—-——

Pay
ONLY

 

Call or Write: Strawberry Fields/ Jamaic-

In the allernoon: outdoor party in the middle of the quad

 

 

jurided by student association

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

E B . so w... sea. Street
 ‘ 31-25 Without tax  Band and Beer :35 H vagrllszgt‘tv7iggag
g a.“ “n. .VNHI. '0' s“. ‘ so”. "an"...     m I V ee 3" ' ' Or Your Travel/dyer".
E .4 a : ﬂy   ,lumlcd byslur/cmussm'mlmu
a Jolie evqtgo a     
PAGE TEN ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MAY 6, 1975 MAY 6, 1975 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE ELEVEN

   

 

