 
  
     

   
  

_ , I _ , , l  -.  ; ‘  71975
1 I . #3 .9 g     .,. I.   I ,_
gDe‘anIfor‘ Student h‘ffaire W ('1; 

I ucationaleﬂi’ghtsand' Privacy Act of 19%: Policies '5 Procedures

. l

   
  
    
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
    
   
  
 

49.54“ 110124111 late and Privacy he: of 1974, P.L. 93-350, Section 435 (as madam-«Isa known as the
W t"*f-hli_'been revised. substantially as a result of the joint efforts of Senators Buckley and
_, .1 . ‘Iu‘m" *9 Widelproad content regarding problems caused by the original version which was signed into

' 9" 1 “'9'”?! 1.974, With an implementation date of November 19, 1974. The Buckley-Pall revision was accepted
9’1“ :Mﬂ” PXCOPHON ‘:by the Senate and House in mid-December and was signed into law on December 31, 1974 by
7;.”th Ford. Upon the'signing of'the new law (Dec. 31, 1974) the Department of Health, Education and Welfare
~amu‘rpuglilhed proposed regulations (pertaining to the Privacy Act) in the FEDERAL REGISTER (Volume 40, Number 3,
gaff-.1975); (The "Eli proposed regulations arrived on our campus on January 8, 1975 and/several University
may new 1 rs have worked toward immediate revisions of campus policies and procedures in order to comply with
and aw. The office of the Dean for student Affairs (AD 129), working with the Student Affairs Council, is

V _ "9 the role of coordinating changes in both policy and procedure on our campus. Our (interim) new policies
and procedures are already functional.

   
 

v in grizzageglents whichrfollow are not intended to be the final version of our new policies and procedures pertaining
1‘ VICE Act. They are presented as a means of conununicating with students and others regarding new rights

of access to records the ri
tion re¢ords. » r ant to challenge the content of records, and increase“ 1'19"” t° the contra Of Educa-

Plea
59 accept my best wishes as you begin the new semester; the interim policies and procedures are summarized below.

1. T
atzifiixr: education record is maintained by the office of the Registrar. Access to your student record is
y contacting Administration Building, Room 8-5, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday -- Friday. Mr. Richard

F
. “Te-11 (Assistant to the Registrar for Recording) has the professional responsibility in this area.

There are other records to which you may have access under provisions of the law.

list of all education records ma we are compiling a comp-late

intained, where kept, and whether accessible under provisions of the law.

    
 
  

2.
Student conduct records pertaining to an individual student are accessible to that student.

Kirchner, Assistant Dean for Student Affairs, AD. 129. Gonna: Mr. Henry

  

3. (a) Each student has the righ

t to ch ' ' -
the records are not linaccurate allenge the content of his/her education records, in order to Insure that

, misleading, or otherwise in violation of privacy or other rights of students.

 
 
   

 Each St "dent has the O '
pportunity for the Carl ecthﬂ 0 de et . I
' 1' 1 Ion of any Such inaccurate, Misleading,

 
  
 

(c)

4. (a)

 

Each 5 ' ' ‘
tudent has the opportunity to insert into such records a written explanation respecting the content.

  

The initial challenge to the content '
of an education record is to be made b
' i ‘ _ the stud
zszﬁgzzgle fgr the office which maintains that record. Every effort shoulz be made :Ztrzgolhe iirson
or ifferences at this level. Procedures are to be informal and neither the challehge njr

the response need be written if resolution of the question is reached

 
  
    
 
 

(b) If resolution to the challenge cannot be reached at that is

. vel the studs ‘ '
 :zzljzch a hearing shall be addressed to the Office of’the Dean f2: 2:112:72:  to a heaung.
nge must specify the education record challenged and the 131151 airs. The
see 3. (a) above). Within 5 days the Dean for Student Affairs’will S Of the Challenge.
to schedule and conduct a hearing, to afford for the stude t a
evidence relevant to the issues rai n a fall a

conclusion of the hearing.
cedural fairness implicit in

  
 

I I (Please

ssign an impartial Hearing Officer

nd fair opportunity to

‘ ' I present

(our inizgéizzdi:ot:egder in writing a decision within 15 days after the
raw .3 parallel to the rules of due

our student conduct hearings before a Hearing Officer ) process and PIO—

  
 
  
 
 
  

5. Under certain provisions the Privac "
y Act shall not operate to make '
' _ . V ‘ avail -
in institutions of postsecondary education the following materials:.. c022: tZ'StUdents (or to former Stadenth)
recommendations, which were placed in the education records prior to .lanuary flan Egg-latte? and Statements Of
I n c c

This means that recommendations ' ' '

January 1, 1975, are NOT availabfelgirlinsijciizgfment Office or an Ad
requested now (FOLLOWING January 1, 1975) each stude
to have access to the recommendation file.
signed and filed which waives that right.

missions record for ex

H , ample PRIOR TO

"Ewes;er as letters of reference and recommendations are

fie/She has,the ormer student, may choose whether he/she desires
right of access UNLESS an appropriate form is

Some students will wish to have access to these reco

. . _ _ mmendat'
maintain a "confidential" file. The choice belongs to the 2:33;;

the person asked to write a reference should be tol
confidential " .

:thzisfwill choose to sign the waiver and
armor student)! In all fairn
d whether the reference is "confidential" or "non-655

6. The new law EXCLUDES from the definition of "

education re "
(and former students) do not have access. cords

several ' .
Among them are: kinds of records to which students

a. "records of institutional, supervisory,
and educational personnel ancillary the
and which are not accessible or reveale

and administrative personnel
reto which are in the sole po

d to any other person except 5585510" Of the maker theMOf

a substi tote,- "

 

b. records and documents of the campus law enforcement unit (SUNYA Pol' )
1C8

em 10 ee records " ersons ... -
a: sZch ... institﬁtion")... emplOQEd by an Educational "' inStitution but who are not in attendance
c. "records ... which are created or maintained b
recognized professional or para-professional" (acting in that)
maintained, or Used only in connection with the provision of treat

2:21ﬁzbﬁgrzgnggggniesjgszdtgan persons providing such treatmant; pfggldt: the student, and are not
. y a Physician or other appropriate r f e I however' that such records
(This section pertains to the Counseling Service and the Studeni zejjzhogal 3f the StUdent's Chaice‘"

er" 09: for example),

y a physician, psychiatrist, psychologist or othe
, r

II I ‘
capaCity,... , and which are created,

   
  

A more extensive statement is available from the Office
f
of the Dean for Student Affairs (as 129). o Etude“ Life (Campus Center,

Room 130), or the Office

 

 

 
 
  
   
 
    

  
 

  
    
 
 
    
 

  

    
     
 
  
   
   
  

 
 
 

’ a
Repalnllng the burned-cm chem lab; culled refrigerator "32ml.
alde (foreground).

 

 

l'h‘crmosuu igniting p‘cltolcuxn clhcr
fumes that had accumulated in ll
refrigerator over in period of lwu
days. No one was in the mum at the
time of the explosion andnfew peo-
ple were sufer evacuated.

The petroleum other had been left
(in the rcfrigcrugor by n lub section of

“I. _ Dr. John N.Aronson’sBiochcmislry

class. Aronson oversees the labs but
they are immediately directed by
grad students. Charles Heller. Assis-
tant Chairman of the Chemistry
Department explained lhzu the ex-
plosionproof rcfrigcrulors cosl six
times as much as the kind [but blow
up. There are very few of these cx-
pensive rcl'rigcrulors on cumpus.

Hcllcr suid that the refrigerators iu
the Chem building on: now being
converted to outside thermostats.
which are rclulivcly incxpcnsivc.

Another accident occuer curlicr
lust semester also involving other. A
sludcnl healing nn clhcr—fillcd‘tcsl
tube was burned when the mulcriul
burs! into ﬂumc. The student suf-
l'crdd serious burns.

‘ "Ion Saturday. Détcmh'cr 2'1 . uh cx- ,
plosion engulfed o second-flopr’lab; -
Vln me Chemistry building. Tbc'ex- ‘ ,

_ plosion was the result of'un inside

 

 

 
  

km"! N “I U. lIVI- LOBAVID OI COMO-Ill
III O WV IV. - I Ill WII I'll. I I IIIIIIV '0
IOUV“ DP ALIAUV- MMNVM'IIHVIVW-
mum! ‘-

SELECTED

CLASSICAL

 

CGRD TGWN

Records&To es of Super Discount Prices

ALBUMS
ARE
ON SALE
NOW
AT

IAMUUZ: UHL’HLSIHAS.
l’LHlUHMINh
lAMILIAH (LL/\SSOCAL
SELECIIUNS UV SUCH
COMPOSIHS AS

MOI/UH LH tlHllVlN
ILHAIKUVSKY

ULUUSSV
MAHltf'. HALH
HAVUN (‘UI'LANIJ
at lllIUl HI l.LIl:,HW|N
l‘lll’f’lNl VlHlH
HAVll I’lH-ANINI ANI)
‘HlflhI/HHIVILH

(CHUI'IN

   

 

by Paul Summer

Florence Kennedy. one of the
founders of the National Orgunizu-
lion of Womcn (NOW) will spcuk in
the Cumpus ('cnlcr llullroom this
Monday, Junuury 27. Admission is
free with u tux curd and fifty ccnls
withoul.

A gruduulc of Columbia I.uw
School. Flo Kennedy has become
one of the lcodingspokcswomen in
the l'cminist mm'cmcnl. Kennedy is
deeply concerde uhoul flu: oppres-
sion of minority groups and women

in particular. Shc mum-s much of
the problem lies in the system. Shc
discusses the rolcof instiluiumssuch
us murriugc. family. Judicial system. '
church. mililury establishman nnd
molhcrluuul in (he oprcssiou ol'
womcn.

()n umploymcnl xlu: suys “lhcrc
ul‘c l'cw jobs that ncluull)‘ I'cquirc u
pcnis or \uginu. All other jobs
should In: opcn lo cvcrylmdy,"

()n motherhood. Kennedy saws:
“llcing u molhcr is u nohlc sumo.

riglu‘.’ Right. So why docs i1 clumgc
when you‘rc unwed or on \\'c||'urc‘.’"

    
      

  
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
  

     
 
  
  

“We ought to give"): 5 ‘
budget lothc DcuprlmcnlofH V ,
Education and Welfare. an 
HEW budch to the Pentagon.” says
Kennedy. “Then we‘d have enough
money to cure cancer. sickle cell r
uncmiu and musculurdyslrophyand
wc‘d only have lclcthons f'orlhc Pen-
tugonuorcu.“ v v

()n herself. Kennedy says “you‘ve

gm to rattle your cugc door. You've . .

gm In It! them know than you‘re in

, thcrc. n d that you wunlfout: make
noisc. Cuusc lrouhlc. You may not .

win right away. but you'll surebuve
ulol more fun.“ '

  

Solzhenitsyn Course Given.

Sol/hunusyn: olive and Ii\ing in
Albany? Wull. muyhc nol can‘ll).
lull l'or lhc l'irsl lunc Instr. u coux'sc
dcmlcd solely lo his works will hc
luughl. ()llcrcd b) lhr ‘x’umuu
Dopammum lhc nutm- \\Il| lu-
luuuhl l . | H Iluluu uho Ill-
lcmlx lo c\.uno. u munhcr ol .shnrl
\lUlIL‘h nml nule , . , us works 0|
lucrululu . , . uud u.» porlruyul.‘ ol
L‘L'l'llllll uspcclh ol Sovicl socicl) und

hislor)‘. In uddilion. lumlumcnlul

   
 

  

is!

 

l‘llluulsu * ,
u Blllll [II ' on no
mum on - own no

  
 
  
   

 
   

llljlﬂﬂlllllllllllmllsnuln E

m TOWN

lMIIc North ol lollmm Circle Rib 785 1515

EXCLUSIVE--.- Wlll not be shown In any Thealve wlfhln I
vadlua of 50 mllcs In SENSUHF. .J.

You’ll FEEL id as we" as ‘é'ee it!

"' SENSIIE’IBBIINB

psychological and philosophical
qummm Ini§cd by Illcuulhorwill bc
dlM‘ll\\L‘\l."
Yuriuux Works Road
Nome ml the H .xlx. In hc I'cud lll'L‘

( am .1 ll um. . n‘ Ill'.\l (‘irr/i'. One
I)”. M: Mr lI/ru/ lruu lli'mlou'ii‘h,
and Mr flu/m: .'fl'(/If/l('/fl_l,’(l (selec-
llnlhl

llu- courw luhcl is R US 358.;1nd
il \\III In: giwn MWF. Ill-II in HU
IZh'.

 

THEATRE
LATHAM

   

   

   

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   

    

      
   
 
 
 
  

         
   
        
    
      
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
    

