 

meni‘m. I knew ltil I tell you.
_ Extremists! They deserve each other."

“what” - ..
"The of bastard. l'Itnciv he was soft

on Communism.“ ‘
“Oh. i see. And when Nixon shoWed up.

He”
“he had a hardon attack."
“...Dead on the fadeaway."

“Made a mess of the sheets. i hear."
-D. McCauley

“There‘s a smell, an odor in the

LEM.“
“Smells. shit! Holy (garbled transmission)“
"Yes. it smells like wet ashes on my suit.“
“More like. like gunpowder to me. Neil.“
"ztztzt...likeztltzt...wetzt..potato chipszt

to meztztztzt..."
“Who-said-Ihrtl??? (end transmission)

' —D. McCauley

“Poor Richard.“

“What did he die of?“

“Cancer.”

“Hob. Hmmml see..“

"Yes. cancer of tire lip. cancer of the
tongue. cancer of the nose. and what a nose
it was."

“Why [don‘t ever remember seeing Dick
smoke... a cigarette. not even a pipe. Perhaps.
well. perhaps sortie chewing tobacco on Super
Stinday. but everybody‘s entitled"

“Oh yea? Listen. I hear his wife had
an operation about three weeks before. for cancer
of the vagina." «

“You mean" he-f'

“Sure. but [think it was she who started
the whole While House female disease thing.“

"Yul. .Iesu’s. She wouldn‘t even cleart out

the goddamnmhulhtiib'iifter she uscd it..."
——D. McCauley

by Myron E. linzh

' Even though the classical era end-
ed witb Beethoven, the term for the
high form of music at any given time.
“classical” is as good as any word to
describe such music. These seman-
tical questions raise many quesitons.
ls Stravinsky classical? Are the
Beatles classical? And so forth.

It is almost impassible to classify
the music that goes on at the present
time. Anygiven piece could mark the
beginning of a new trend whose
direction will show itself in time to
come. Or. a piece could mark theend
of an era. We would not realize this
until later. Another problem is that
terms once applied to a particular
trend tend to become broad and un-
natural labels.

I don‘t feel that music by the
Grateful Dead, Moody Blttes. and
Peter. Paul and Mary fall into any
one category althoitgh they have all
been called "Rock". Likewise, lves.
Morart. and Selim/are worlds apart
even though they are often called
classical. Fortunately it ispossihlc to
look back and discern trends.

The purpose of performing
classical works is manifoldfl'licy are
nice to listen to and can mellow over
time as audiences change.’fhc pieces
are instructive to performers and
many are quite a challenge for even
the best musicians. Listening to
oldcrworkshelpsusunderstand why

our music sounds the way it does.
There seems to be a revival of
classics not only in musie.but in the

Arts in general. An inﬁltration of
Classical music into newer music.
movies and such demonstrates this.
Switched an Bach generally comes
to mind first. Kubrick‘s Clockwork
Orange is another example of new
uses foroldermusic. in a more subtle
'way. however. rock groups perfor-
ming with symphony orchestras is
also apart of thistrendMost recent of
these is Rick Wakeman‘s Journey to
the Center of the Earth. This work

has no less‘musical validity than‘any
oratorio. Another interesting com-
bination of rock and symphony is
the Mahavishnu Orchestra's recent
album Apocalypse.

Symphony and rock' have a great
deal to offer each other. New in-
struments in an orchestra add tonal
color. Compositional ideas in rock
become more daring. Still. i doubt
the future of music will be a happy
blend of both.

Tati’s Traffic Shown

by Joseph Daugherty. Jr.

It‘s no easy matter to make people
laugh. Even within the context of
laugh producing cinema thereare as
many theories ass to what is funny as
there are performers.

Because of the easy going. organic
nature of the films of .lacque Tati it
isn‘t surprising that he is not as pop-
tilar in this country as such directors
asWoody Allen and Mel Brooks.
Regardless of whether or not you‘ve
ever been introduced to this
remarkable Frenchman and his
work it is certain that once
you‘vemet him amet him yoti Won‘t
be able to forget the event.

'l‘ati‘s comedy is fluid and human
emerging from the background
rather than having the appearance
ofbcing pasted on with little care. To
see a film by Jacques Tati is to
witness a genius peered only by
Keaton and Chaplin.

Traffic loIIOWs Mr. Hulotfl‘ttti).

who is given the job of transporting
an experimental cat to a large Euro-
pean Auto Show. That is the film. it
flows from gag to gagas it makes its
unique observations on Man‘s love
of car.

While many comedy films seem
shallow and the humor varnishes
once the film is over. 'l'ati‘s humor
stays with yott. warmng your mind
and coming back to yott each time
yoti cncottnter in your own file the
events 'l'ali exploitts in his films.

 

accuracume

PRESENTS

CLAYTON MOORE
& JAY SILVERHEELS

lN

The {Legend of

the .Lone Ranger

isssss
BUSTER CRABBE
IN THE FIRST EPISODE
OF THE

FLASH GORDON
SERIAL

tickets on sale ec game room
‘tll 4 pm today

 

* * *toni'ght's the nights: at *

palace theatre
TONlTE 9 pm

selected shorts starring

MAE WEST
W.C. FIELDS
OUR GANG
A CARTOON

THREE HOURS OF
GREAT MOVIES

*‘k‘k'k‘ki'

note: save your ticket stub...

it's worth 50c toward your

purchase at
JEQﬁGQEBEWE

84 central ave.

& MORE

 

 

 

 

PAGE 8A

 

 

FEBRUARY 28, 1975

 

lotto so

The Consequences

To the Editor:

it has always been my personal belief that
the primary responsibility of ti newspaper is to
print the facts; and that these facts should be
reported in a clear accurate fashion. Anything
less than the complete unobscured truth not
only inhibits the public's view of what is really
going on; it also places the credibility of that
paper in jeopardy.

So, with regard to the article. “A & S Dean
Candidates List Released.” which appeared in
this Tuesday‘s ASP. I wish to extend my
hearty congratulations to the individual
responsible for successfully continuing to
maintain the amazingly inferior quality of
journalism for which the rlSI’iltts been so Well
noted for in the past.

Supposedly. the main purpose of this article
was to infomi the student community that a
candidate for dean was to be on campus and
that students were invited loan open session
with him at a specified time and place (which
you Were explicitly informed of). The
consequences of not reporting this pertinent
information is the possibility of low student
titruout. less feedback to the committee and an
impression given to the candidate that
students are unconcerned ahotit the future
dean.

Another point I must bring out is your
obsession with the former dean of Arts &
Sciences. This man served when l was not a
member of this university and l have little
knowledge of his name. performance or
personality. Throughout the entire interview
his name wasnot mentioned and so I therefore
refute the quote attributed to me. in which his
name is mentioned. lie is of no concern to me
as a memberoftlie search com mittec and I feel
the space appropriated to his picture would

ave been llliiiICti better if it contained the
information left otit about the present search.

My last points. which could be considered

' minor. concern the manner in which i was

personally treated throughout the article.
Besides my name being misspelled and my
being iiiisqttoted. you will fitid that no
introduction was gi\en to me. while a man
who has had nothing to do with the university
for two years is not only introduced bttt also
gets a picture on the front page (an obvious
waste of space). if you would get your minds
off the past and into the present maybe then
the students will know what‘s going on.

i think an apology to the students of this

_ university. members of the search committee.

the candidates for dean and myself is in order
because of your total disregard to the ideals of
good journalism.

Robert l‘reediiian

Mistaken Belief

To the Editor:

Reading last Tuesday‘s (itch. 26) lead article
in the ASP (A & S Dean Candidates List
Released). 1 became deeply incensed and
personally offended by certain comments
made by SA President l'at Curran. Curran
stated that he had many questions to ask the
Arts and Sciences candidate for Dean.
Seymour (icisser'. many of them pertinent but
one was most infuriating. l'he question was.
“And why are you coming here when
SUNYA's going downhill!" After this
question Currmt noted. “It doesn't do mnclt
good to be captain of a sinking ship."

I would neverexpect to read such degrading
remarks from any Albany State'sllldcnl .
except of course. in jest. but from the president
of the Student Association? It not only
belittles this institution and everyone
connected with it.'but it says even less for the
person commenting. especially if he.- by
choice. attends this “sinking ship.“

in the past I have agreed with most of Pat
Curran‘s statements and decisions. but there is
no way this one can get by unnoticed and void
of any reply. l‘m sure SUN YA lacks in some
areas. but to make such a general statement
that "SUNYA's going downhill“ seems
incredible to me.

I believe that a clariﬁcation and an apology
is the least anyone in this institution should
expect. A leader is supposed to lead; not
discourage.

As a student of Albany State and. more
importantly. as president of Student
Association. Pat Curran should either begin
to help bailing out constructively orjump ship
completely.

Maurice Kassimir
Jeffrey Hollander

Fight for Survival

To the Editor:

As an alumna of this university with an
inter-disciplinary major in Judaic Studies. I
was appalled and shocked to hear that the
tenure of Professor Zv‘i Ahbo is being
questioned. l have had Professor Abbo for
intermediate level Hebrew courses and fora
number of literature courses.

Mr. Abbo is ti dedicated and talented
instructor who not only has proved himself iii
the capacity of a researcherde innovator in
the teaching of the Hebrew language. but also
slioivs a deep concern for his students and
their ticcds.

Professor Abho's television courses. created
anti organitcd by him on his own time. have
proved to be highly esteemed among the
continually increasing ntimbcr of students
who have begun Hebrew as a foreign
language. Through his 'l‘.V. method. Mr.
Abbo has been able to accommodate over ltll)
students per term in an introductory level of
Hebrew. This has enabled him to devote time
to advanced language and literature courses.

The nniquenessof Professor Abho‘s courses
are ttul only popular among SUNYA
students. bttt also act as a dynamic force in
attracting members of each year‘s freshman
class. If Mr. Abbo should not receive tenure. it
would certainly be dctriliiental to those
students interested in the study of foreign
languages and literature. as well as to the
University itself.

lie assured that l. as an alumna. as well as
many other students at SUNYA are greatly
distressed over the tenure issue of Mr. Abbo
and we will do all in our power to change this
situation.

Debby Rosenmnn
Class of Dec. ‘74

Empty Bog

To the Editor:

I have no idea what Arnold Werner M. D.‘s
credentials may be. and I would not question
that he is as able as any psychology strident to
answer the question about sex "in a rut"; nor
would I suppose he is less able than any
professional dancer. (etc.). to discuss the pros
and cons of shaving pubic hair. (Doctors Bag.
lieb.21. I975 ASP) What ldo question is why
the ASI’ would waste 30 square inches of
space on such inane material when there are so
many vital. fascinating and absolutely
relevant health topics that could he discussed
in your school paper and probably should be.

J. Hood M.l).
Director
Student Health Service

 

'I'ln' Albany Student Press reservoi-
l/lt' \tt/t' rig/it to print or t‘t/ll Letters to the
[Lt/lllll'. Sit/will lt‘llt'l'.\ Irpt'o I'lllt'lt to ("C
316 tor (‘llll.\ltlt‘l'lllltlll. twp those cards

uml letters coming. [of/ii!

 

 

I i  Defense .

To the Editor:

in his Letter to the Editor Tuesday. Stanley
Shapiro made several allegations against the
SA Supreme Court. and especially against two
Justices of the Court. that I feel I must
comment on.

Mr. Shapiro stated that Dan Gaines and
Chris Aidun were railroaded through Central
Council without any review of their
qualifications. if this were true. it would show
a gross negligence on the part of the members
of Central Countil. Gaines and Aidun were
nominated January 29 by Pat Curran. One
week later Mr. Gaines was approved. and ‘two
weeks later Mr. Aidun was approved. This
does not sound like “railroading” to me. Asa
matter of fact. several attempts were made to
railroad them out of the Court after
confirmation. under the provisions of Central
Council rules that were used to remove FSA
members recently. provisions whose
constitutionality is qtiitc questionable.

What are Chris and Dan‘s qualifications'.’
For that matter. what qualifications are
desirable for tire Cotirt in general? Previous
judicial experience is probably a good
background. btit US Supreme Court Justice
William 0. Douglas was the chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commission before
he was put on the Court. and he has proven to
be qualified. A semester or two in argument-
dcbate L‘l:t.scs is possibly inure \ iluablc than
an equal time spent on .lildicial lloards. lt
tntist be considered that the Judicial Iloards
are a kind of criminal court. which give
pttitisbment for \ inlations of University
regulations. The Supreme Court is entirely
separated. and is a kind ofcivil-coastitulional
court. dealing with cases concerning Student
Association or SA groups. and sends
recommendations for disciplinary action to :i
Judicial lloard when this is necessary.

Mr. Aidtin arid Mr. (iaincs are competent
and qualified Justices. Mr. Shapiro may also
be qualified. along with do/ens of other
people. However. there are only seven
positions on the Court. if M r. Shapiro was not
interviewed. even after repeated requests. then

 

Castle's Burning:

those phreo H

Mr Aidan is vice-ch» ’ .

Mr. Gaines an editor of the ASPJ , /
disqualify them from sitting on the court li'a‘
person can do two.‘or even three. jobs? ell.are'
we to deny him or ourselves the be efit of his
services? Dan and Chris have not attempted to
amass a collection of jobs. or monopolize
student power. but have volunteered their
time to work even further for Student
Association. Their dual roles are no more a
conﬂict of interest than that of other Justices
who work on WSUA. class governments. or
other student activities. or are former SA
oll’icials or Central Council members. if a
conflict of interest proved to be a constant.
serious problem. or the requirements of their
different positions became too time-
consuming. I am certain that any of the
Justices. including Gaines and Aidun. would
be conscientious enough to resign from one of
their positions.

Dan Gaines and Chris Aidun are qualiﬁed.
competent. and conscientious Justices of the
Student Association Supreme Court. and
their continued service is a benefit to the
University and to the SA.

Bob O'Connor
Justice
SA Supreme Court

 

An Apology?

You Want an Apology?

by Ken Wax

What does one do with an irate reader'.’ llroil‘.’ Fry'.’
it seems that no matter what I write about tlicre‘ll he :i letter at the ASP Monday morning

demanding myesorcisni from the newspaper.

Usually snotty and damn arrogant. these I

fliat's how I start my week.
etters accuse me of being the cause of a host ol

plagues. and conclude my existence is responsible for all human suffering since the creation of

[Hill].

lypically. lliey harp on sexism. chiiiiiiiiism. and a guest gripe that \nrics from letter to letter.
If that was all they did. i wouldn‘t mind. Hut there‘s jttst so much ranking one can do on a
particular article. arid the slurs soon stray lt'ottt tlicpriiited matcriiiltind get downright personal.
iii fact. character assasination is an applicable term.

Now. you know how sensitive i am. and these letters really upset me. I‘d get all shaky. food
wouldn‘t stay down. and l'd toss and turn all night. llut after weeks and weeks i lunedeielopcd
illl immunity to them. Now i liiid the abuses merelyannoying.and sometimesa littlcnmilsing.

Based on ti o"s‘)” swatch of me once a week. these astounding clairuiyimts htne
recotistructed.....ha\e cloned my entire existence. attitudes. personality. and all that. And

from their construction. they'ie decided they
justice.

don‘t like me. Let's just say it's itot a pinnacle of

Then they get abusive. l mean downright misty.0h. they yell at me. call me allsortsof names.
pick on me...one even said my humor belongs in the...in the...in the garbage! Damn itigrates. is
this who lspcnd my time foi"?0ften l‘llstay insidctlie entire weekend. lingers poised in readiness
above my typewriter. just waiting for that burst ofinspiration that will he the week‘sarticle. And
they yell at me...l‘ni getting shaky again. excuse me...

How should ldeal with these people? l'm not sure. i have two conﬂicting philosophies on the

matter. and while I haven‘t made tip my mind. l'm leaning towards the second one.

The first philosophy empathetically tries to e

nvision the letter writer. They‘re angry. incensed

at this punk Wax. Can I really fault them for blowing upat me'.’ it was my articlethalcaused this
whole hassle m the first place. and I should be understanding of this person‘s point ofview when l
reply. With all the problems in this troubled world. lcertainly shouldn‘t add to them.and if lean
clear tip sortie misunderstanding. all the better! So the first philosophy says to deal with them in a

friendly. sensitive manner.
The second says: “Screw 'em."

What’s the story with these people‘.’ What do they want from my life‘.’ Did anyoneforcethern to
read my article" Did i pull out a gun. press it to their temple. and say “Readi‘”! N0. ldid notl its

themselves they should be mad at. for allowing themselves to read it. Why involve me?

llclicvc it or not. some even have the iidded audacity to "demand" an apology. Can you
imagine that? What do they want from me'.’ "I'm sorry you have no sense of humor." Is that
acceptable? "l'm .ltlrr'l‘ll'tllt go to Ihi'rxr'hooL"? Or is "Iopologi'zt' for having add/ere!" point of
l'lt'lt’ l/ltltl l‘tlll." What do yoti want to hear. Communist?

So in conclusion. folks. ltt‘t'lt those cords and letters...

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 28. 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE NINE

 

