7:“. ‘-‘.—~;A

~wmﬁ
- ‘Z‘P‘ ..

-m

.... V,“ “Vim as, W».-

 

s pi». at». .

-’uf.u

A  Pacts

Militant/Student Press magazine

  

table 17" 1211111191115

*‘k‘k

About ASPects:

This is the ﬁrst issue ofthe Albany Student Press’ momth magazine
entitled ASPects. There will be no regular issue of the ASP today, but we
have tried to bring you many of the departments that you would find i n
the ASP such as News, Arts and Sports. We have also added three other
departments: People, Feature and Fiction.

Our next issue will be in November and you are welcome to submit
any magazine-type articles you have written.

1‘.

About the cover:

Our cover this month symbolizes the termination ofthe SUN YA PhD
program in History. In the cover story, writer David Lerner examines
the ramifications ofthe September Ist cancellation, the personalities in-
volved in cancelling and in fighting the cancellation, and the politics
behind the scenes that occured before the program was terminated.

skirt

 

Aspects

the monthly magazine oi the Albany Student Press

Michael Sena
Editors

Nancy Albuugh Naomi Fricdlundcr

Eotron IN cuter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..l)ANlEL (iAlNliS

MANAGING lDl‘ml . . . . . . . , . SUSAN COLEMAN

PIODUCIION MANAGEL. . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . ..l’uaicx McGuNN

Anvslmmo muons t . . . . ..J£iutv ALllllH'll'I. Lrs ZUCKERMAN

CLMIIIIID-GIAHITI MANAGII . . . , . . . . . . . . KENNETH Conn

Busmrss mum“ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , , . . , . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .l)ANlEL O‘CONNon

STA FF MEMBERS

  
 
 
  

 

Circulation manager: Nancy l’illel

Billing accountant: Susan Domree

Technical editor: Sarah Btumemtock

Ileatl Iypiri: Leslie Eisenstein

Convention manager: Ellen Boilen

Pr action: Janet Adler. Patty Altern, Carol Burger, Donna Burton, Joan Ellsworth. Ellen Fine.
Debbie Click. Kim Huntley. Judi Heitner. Kelly Kite, Vicky Kurtzman. Kathy Lam. Michele
Lipton. Plulip Molter, Debbie Rel . Jeanne Saievtitz. Karen Schlosberg

Advertising reduction: Uta Biun 0, Dick McRobert. Jeff Aronowitr.

Assistante itor: Marc iger
Administrative assistant: Jerclyn Kaye

Photographs supplied prindpally by University Photo Service and members at Camera Club
baa/781m Pu- ls published every Tiresda and Friday during the school year except
s.

The Al
holiday ees: CC 329. telephone: 457-8892. Fun at by student association. Address mallto:
Albany burden hell. CC 129. N00 Washington Avenue. Albany, New York [2222

 

 

People
Kennedy’s Diamond: Banned in Boston 3
Voyeur of the Weathering Heights 4
Chuck Shumer: A Young Workhorse 5

Feature

A Catwalk Cop: Catcher in the Sky
6 & 7
Divorce Painted Post Style 8
Tiptoeing Through the Wellington 9
The Kenmore Hotel: From Riches to Rags
10
The Palace: Last of a Breed 11
How Do You Like Dem Apples! 12
Tethered to a Ringing Telephone 13

News
Whither the History PhD?
Anti-Discrimination Laws Backﬁre
on Women 16
SA Budget Pie l7

l4&15

Fiction
The Lot 18
New England Parting 19
But Words Will Never Harm Me 20

Arts
The Singer as Sexy Chameleon 22
The Eighth Step: More Than a
Quad Party 23
Another Full Moon on the Rise 25
Grafﬁti and Classiﬁeds 26 & 27

Sports
Outfoxing the Veteran 28

 

 

PAGE TWO

 

ASPECTS

OCTOBER

  

 

 

 

 

 

People:

 

 

Kennedy’s Diamond: Banned In Boston

by Nancy Albaugh
he Boston reviewer called
T William Kennedy's book
about Legs Diamond, the
notorious Albany gangster oi the thir-
ties, "morally irresponsible.“
Kennedy's reaction was, "Banned in
boston, l‘m delighted!"

He was delighted, not by any
perverse thrill he receives lrom olle. -
ding people, but because the reviewer
lit exactly into a kind ot higher morality
that people under pressurelrom socie-
ty lend to espouse when talking about
gangsters, and Diamond in particular,
"its a knee-jerk reaction Americans
have against gangsters."

but Kennedy sees this American
View ot gangsters as superticial —~
the black and white hats tor evil and
good guys. but somewhere un-
derneath this superlicial morality is
lurking an admiration ol the gangster
7 ~ tor his charisma, his Chutzpah, his
brazen way ot taking advantage ol op-
portunities. "With you and me, us or-
dinary people, there is a magnetism
toward those who will do something
really crazy, really bizarre."

this attraction combines with the
pressure trom society to term an am-
bivalence in Americans that is anti-
gangster, the central notion 0t
Kennedy‘s book.

The narrator ot Legs, Marcus Gior-
man (Diamond's Fictional lawyer)
touches on this when he says about
Diamond, "A lot oi otherwiseintelligent
people thought he was a nice guy." it
seems that it was easy to likeDiamond,
ll you knew him. but in that statement is
the rub. "People can take a very strong
moral position, but suddenly
somebody you know goes out and
does that thing that contravenes the
postlion and you say, Oh, that poor
guy! He was driven to it.’ You van
always lind sooiological or genetic
reasons lor it."

Kennedy leans toward in his black
wrukor rocker, With a soil yellow light
ovur his right shoulder and a poster ot
Sarah borhardt over his lelt. His living
room in his Averill Park home shows
tliltoront tastes 7” Wine decanters
tllltl I'tn‘OI‘dS ol musrctrom thothlrties, a
pmno lit the corner, and l'illany
ltnnpshndos. He looks you right in the
eye when he's talking and your eyes
don‘t want to wander away.

Less and less people disown
children because they are corrupt.
that parent who says, "My son is dead
because he did this,’ is rare now."

You think ot Patty Hearsb and
wonder it he might be talking about
her parents attitude toward her Sym-
bionese converston. When you ask
him, he agrees. "Yeah, it's all part ol the
same attitude,"

You had goneto his houseto ask hnn
about his novel being bought by
Warner brothers tor a lilm version, and
you end up dunking wine and un-
derstanding that writing isthe most tin-
ponant part ol his lite. He teaches a
courseinjournliatic writing atb'UNYA,
he reads constantly, ho organizes a
newspaper in San Juan, wrote tor Lila,
Look, the Atlantic Monthly doing book
reviews, and wrote lectures tor the
Albany limes-Union. but, he dis-
tinguishes between his journalistic

 

OCTOBER

 

 

William Kennedy and the cover ot,“Legs", his latest novel.
Kennedy teaches Journalistic Writing in SUNYA's English Department.

writing and the liction writing he‘s do-
ing now.

it's not necessarily journalism to
write about a historical tigure, event it
you do spend six years researching
him and writing. The idea behind the
novel is something thatcomeslromin-
side yourselt, trom your own psyche,
past experience and background, he
explains.

"You tiethat in with what he calls his
lrish connection. "it began with Dia-
mond, who was lrish, and it comes
down to me through an Irish town oi
Albany, through lrish newspapers. My
lrish tamin talked ot the legends stir-
rounding Diamond, and those legends
were transmitted linally to me. the
book was published by Coward,
Mobiann and Geohogtin, (lrish
names), and the hood ot my agency's
name 15 Guy Molnlwmnc, another
lrishn‘ian. MclLlwnino got»; to hand
Warrior brothers pictures and tin-
mediutoly rlSSiqtili tl guy named Joe
Walsh to do tht- iirtroon writing. they
tirsl approached Wtirron bootty to star
in the trim, and then Jack Nicholson,
both ol whom are lrish."

You also ronhzo that part ol what he
is writing about 7 7 the ambivalence
ol the Amorican public toward
gangsters --~ is something that he
himsoll has had to consider in being
both attracted and repelled by the im-
age oi gangsters. His narrator Marcus
Liorrnan, also has a certian am.
bivalence, which when coupled w1th
L—iorman‘s lirst person narration oi the
novel tends to make some critics like
the one in boston, contuse the author
and his narrator.

Kennedy says, "Why should you
think i have not invented Marcus Gor-
man as I created Legs? There is a
historical ligure, Dan Prior, who was
Diamond's lawyer, but he had nothing
to do with Marcu German... in certain
ways i guess he was like him. but 1 in—
vented that man, He is not me, i never
travelled with Diamond nor would 1.
that cliaiacter had to be somebody
who could and could not identity with
bags. His (L-lorman's) attitudes were

corrupt in a ditlerent way trom me. I
could not handle Marcus corruption."
He rocks back, pushing his silver-
rimmed glasses up, and working his
long, narrow lingers back and lorth.
You think they would look more at
home on a typewriter keyboard.

in contusing Kennedy with German,
the boston reviewer taulted Kennedy
tor not taking a detinitive stand against
gangsters.

"l'm not out to preach morality. You
know, there was an article by Saul
bellows in the Allaniic Monthly called

the Writer as Moralist‘ and in it hw
said that a moral work would beagood
novel."

You think ol what you learned about
Oscar Wilde when he was tried in
court tor writing an immoral work. He
replied that it was immoral because it
was .1 bad story, unaeslhetic, And that
there is no other morality in literature.

Kennedy mentions James Joyce.
Anytime he mentions Joyce, his votce
quiets, and you wonder it he tears dis-
turbing Joyce by speaking about him.

Joyce had no standard moral code,
no political pOSlllOt’t in writing.
Whatever the hell his politics were,
they were insignilicant in comparison
to the supremely moral position he
took in l Leopold bloom was dis-
criminated against in an immoral
society in Dublin, but you didn't see
Joyce coming out with shotguns to
destroy the protound prejudices in
Dublin in Leopold bloom's day; rather,
he explainedthem by portraying them.

"'l'hat‘s what a writer is all about. to
see prejudices, to see lollies, to see
human being who work at good and
evil, and to inaké you as the reader
realize that it is true. You must realize
that it is true. it you don’t the writer's
tailed.

"There‘s the Academy Award
morality, the Nobel Prize morality, but
still, what the hell does it mean it you
don‘t convince me'r’”

You start to bring the conversation
back to his book, but he says, in a quiet
voice, talking to the orange shag
carpet between you and him, "No.

ASPECTS

Don't compare my book to theirs.
‘l'hey' re in a ditterent leaguetrom me."
And he is quiet then you realize how
much respect he has lorthe masters ct
his art.

50 you
gangsters.

"l was tired ot our simple minded
treatment ol gangsters. The attitude
that they've all got dirty ﬁngernails,
they all beat their wives. The Capone-
level ol gangsters..... To my mind
nobody has written a novel that takes
the gangster into a human dimension.
the Godioiher happens, in another
limo, and it's not one man, it's many.

Sure, the gangste, in one sense, is
tho lowust level ol humanity — he's a
killer, robbing other people ot their ex-
istence. but in another sense, he is a
human being. This was the sense that
was usually lelt out ol the Hollywood
movies.

‘ in Hollywood there isthe notion that
the gangster was always moving
toward destruction — that he always
had to be destroyed in the end.”

You think of the tirst movies about
Legs Deamond, called the Rise and
boil 0/ Legs Diamond, where implicit in
the title was this notion.

"but this lelt out the sense that the
gangster is not always moving toward
destruction. And even it he did, the
human element was lett out."

"With Diamond, this was a man who
love women, children, tlowers, sang
songs, had lriends, was a good-time
Charlie."

Kennedy mentions songs, and you
remember his telling you that
Diamond's lavorite song was "Happy
Days and Lonely Nights." Kennedy has
stayed up all night singing this song
with Joe Walsh, the screnewriter and
some other Jriends at a party he held
alter Warner brother's bought the
properties tor the tilm. One woman at
the party, standing by the pianotheliv-
ing room, said, "Legs 15 in the room. He
wants to hear his song."

Despite Diamond's love ot Ilowers,
pretty women, and songs, Kennedy
says, i didn't write the book to white
wash Diamond. My optictan said tome
the other day, ‘WasJacl'. Diamond real-
ly as mean as you made l‘izm out to be?
Yeah. He was. He would kill you. that
element is there, and it was very impor-
tant to me to think about in psyching
him out. A guy who can inspire all~
night parties, can also inspire great
lear...."" back to the ambivalence,
you think. And Kennedy speaks ot the
irreconctlable bind Americans are in.
" this is a moral dilemma otour society.
It's a dilemma because it’s still up tor
grabs. You run into things like 5am
L—iiancona. the Federal government
usrng, employing gangsters, knowmg
they are uselul. J. Edgar Hoover dis-
patching twenty men in New York City
to worry about Communism, and two to
worry about organized crime.
Organized crime is an acceptable
horror to Americans."

it occurs to you, sipping your last
glass oi wine, that the bostor. review
was wrong, and that paradoxically,
writing the novel about lack "Legs"
Diamond was really the only morally
reaponsiblething Kennedy could have
done.

talk at writing about

PAGE THREE

   

   
         
        
     
     
     
      
    
     
      
  
 
    
     
 
     
    
  
   
   
       
         
         
            
         
               
        
       
          
      
        
        
        
      
     
   
  

        

