 
  
  
   
 
 
  
    
   
 

 
 
 

  

    
    
    
     
    
 
    
 

 

 
  

  

         
           
              
               
     
   
 
 
 
  
     
 
   
     
         
   
 

 
   
   
  
 

5“»):lituikqsuitu‘lktléiplihcﬂlifgﬁtpihﬁcmhl . .. 4.

}

 

 
   
 

Ire-intoistypialoflup

 

 

ﬁ RagYort_ , diminution-era Imomtlapedhto..
um, (memorials: . this serious unannouncpnmuiua var
i-nut aim  oft-em ' pm- - . . .,
 ‘s‘Pik-Etn-Up' NYPIIG tibia and SUNYA MIG llSUNYA'iIbepItt'ﬂ
_ cling m WFnﬂhAhutm-nnd: 0:5me
PIRG vice-chairperson Chﬁs "We hvehan weer-tiara m m Caner to work on the
Ailu2'l'h'eaetinnoltheﬂilu tineintheleg‘uhtlteqnbilb honkhnpropouLSnillobbyoo-
‘ Mr 1.:in Coin: ‘Sttlletu

businesses worried about their beverage containers - Ne- Yort Ibummhmcendaboutsolv-
pobﬂeinagcthemmm- WWhvebeuop» havironmnlpmbhnswould
pan’anillﬁttleihohecmptof ‘ posed to hi props! bum— be better oflhelping I: apply con-
bmingrmmblehoniesandam theyprdertohre mlofthe stimtpmeintheLeﬁshmre—
utilitihndfortheirinaeﬁuher Mshtlheymshiup that‘svberethesohrinsare.‘
than itch to the needs of en- the legishtive implementation Students her-end innortingon
vironmentnl preservatim. they in- porces: and obtain ﬁvonble boulehankgisiﬁonshouklm
pair-._, ‘ ‘ ' ’ ' , “H. Miermfouﬂlaﬂim RWLobbyatmeNYPlRG
udesspublicitydrivesckecyelingis tbeboltlebnn billpuahed through oﬁ'xeilbomtofSemaHalLor
onlyaeometicsolution—itdoanot mote!» LqishmrebyOSPlllG - @4512“

 

 

Nurses Ind to the Jun: Doctor Deg: .1

0f Prospective [an Stunted:

LAW SCHOOE INTERVIEWS

A Representative of the College of Law

UNIVERSITY OF SAN FERNANDO VALLEY

wille in New York City from April 29 to May «I. [975. forappotntment eonuct Let) L. Shun. USFV.3353

Sepuhedu Blvd. Sepuhedu. California “lit-£3. Tel 213—894-57ll
the College of Lust offers A full-time 3 ya: day progmm :5 well as put-time day and evening program. All
nd elig‘btliry for the California Bar examination.

lhc school is sect-edited by the Committee of But Eumimrn’ of the Sure Bar of California.

 

 

  
      
    
   
 
  
  
 
      
     
      
    
     

MR.

 
 

Friday, April 18
Barbra Streisand in

FOR PETE’S 
LC 1 and 2 
7:30, 8:30 and 9:30

$.50 with  ..... . 

Saturday, April 19
Charles Bronson in

MAJESTYK

“7:30 and 9:30 LC—18

$1.25 without

 

 

 

   
      
     

 
   

’ t 1
Q. 5 thout -
s .1:1:E¥.5§§§§$:3:s ‘Q'%. m: :Wmnmmm

' mammarj-Etoéghz

and at midnight! .1 l‘

FOR
RE

 

 
 

F

   
 

   
  
 

 

     

LAUSANNE Suburb! (AP) Alter an absence of 17 years.
Comnn'nt China in bidding for a comeback to the international Olympic
movememandseemstohavemrethauaneven chanceto Wlnabmhinlhe
I976 Manual Canes. The International Olympic CommitteeUOC)
moaned Thursday it has received a formal appliation from the Peking.
bad All-China Federation to be recognized as the 'National Olympic
Comimﬂodrm the People's Republic of China."

HINOM PEN", CM (AP) The people of this capital waved whttc
flags and cheered the victors as the city surrendered to teh Commuist-lcd
Khmer Rouge at the end of ﬁve years of devastating war. An ofﬁcer said the
dbphy of surrender flags had been ordered by the Cambodian military
command. Soldiers of both sides smiled and embraced each other over the
ﬁfsﬁtﬂhou (AP) — Congress moved on Thursday toward approval
of President Ford‘s request for humanitarian aid for South Vietnam but a
tumdown of any massive additional military aid.

The House International Relations Committee approved a $150 mtllmn
fund for humanitarian aid and evacuation programs.

WASHINGTON (AP) — John B. Connally. secretary of the treasury In
the Nixon administration, was acquitted Thursday of charges that I’lt‘
pocketed 3 10,000 for influencing a milk price dec'uion. Connally was the ﬁrst
of four Nixon Cabinet member! who were charged in the post-Watergate em
to escape conviction on crhninal charges. The verdict came after the jury
deliberated less tlnn six hours.

WASHINGTON (A P) —— The Senate Armed Senices Committee
Thursday voted down all attempts to provide increased military aid for
South Vietnam. Chairman John Stennis. D—Miss.. said “We disposed of 11
and that’s it. As of now. the matter of additional aid is more remote thun
before these votes were taken."

WASHINGTON (AP) — President Ford unhesitatingly broke historic
precedent when he decided to attend Ford‘s Theater Thursday night for the
opening of u play about one of his favorite Presidents, Harry Truman. called
“’Gue 'Em HelL Harry." No other [1.5. president has been to Ford‘s Thcutct
since Abraham Lincoln was assassinated there April I. l865.

SAN FRANCISCO (AP)— Eldridge Cleaver. the fugitive Black Panther
Party leader. was quoted Wednesday as saying things have changed in lllt‘
Lnited States and he wants to return home from exile. Hesees his new rult: m
that of: black philosopher rather than an activist. and that the time is ripe for
social change in American without violence.

The Sun Frandsco Chronicle reported that Cleaver had told a reporter m
hm: ‘l‘rn coming home one way or the other...After sewn _\ earsof pullllt‘ill
exile [deserve it.“

ALLANY. N.Y.(AP) — The Appellate Ditision ofState Supreme Court
order-.11 the return of a 5-year-old child to her natural mother. who hntl
:ztrfter surrendered the child to authorities for adoption and then changed lth
mmd.

‘\ dung: in mind by the natural mother is not m .md of itself an t‘\ll
nit-lg} the unanimous opinion declared Thursday.

ALBANY. NJ. (AP) —~ Gm. Hugh Cure) proposed a packugc nl
:mtronmenml legislation Thursday that would go: the state gotcrnmt‘m
mussne new pov- ers to control real-estate developments. and gn :- cum-m thc
right to sue polluters. Most of the ID bills in his package embody ldc‘ds \\ It). It
hum-.- been sdunced without success in the legislature rcpeJtcdl} in recent
yars. But they lune nctcr before had strong backing from .3 gmemur. w
their chances of .tpprmnl this year may be considerably '5:

ALIASY. NI". (AP) 7 The New York Senate Cf’
lhursduy to the sute’s so—cdllcd Farr Trude Lu». .1 D
legislation nhteh allows manufacturers to ft.\ mtnxrn m pr
gmxls. The Fair Trade Lms were enacted b_\ most sums do
but to protect the small retailer from pricewur compeu
hut-e rcpt-ales! the luvs in recent )‘urs.

ALIANYSJ. (AP) ~ A sutc Assembly sebum:
legislation lhursdtu designed to mtproxe nursing home ' ~'
mechanism to _ i' e high quultt) cure prmnlod by c 3'
health mmmtssio’n‘er would issue .t consumer gurd: or. nun
terms of the subcummtttw's IL‘gLs’IJltx‘n would require tv- 0
at each horn: in esublishtng .l mung .~_\S'.‘:m for tit: tsct

ALIA.V\ . NJ. (AP) A year‘ssuppl} of ‘mudyttw
bend-:11 toward the state Ofﬁce for the Ag g. be: 2:
dummtstrzttor Ls less tlun thrilled .tbout it, . mu: km.
which is supplied Linch 1 federal nutrition progrmi. .s ‘4“.trc‘ci1. 5"
‘tcmbie looking "

NEW 108K ( \Pl President hon“. crutches 5:: '

\vlumc. m pcpulurtt): .tt the mow m.

Ronuid Reagan could prove he.

  
 
 
     
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
   

 

.5

 
 
  
  
 
 
   
   

 

I test.“ Etc! ti."

 

the N‘o presidential cit-mun wer-
response with It) per cent unsure. l'hts as: J. c.» c: is...
Ford illlEL' his: \otutnbcr.

ALBANL NJ . l \l") ~
msurmce hammered out J ham: .tgreemc”
.tccomod are minor insist-met: ti. ~
to provide medical mulpntcncc mum:
can: facilities. Sen. Yuk): Lomburdt. R<$§TJ§L§$
Health Committee. sud “ill the mug-Jr :mters‘ 4:: mo.
current pmptcuuns ire than the cost of mulprztccce Lf‘suﬂﬂcz’ .xmc : -
jumping to Jlmout 510.0013 .1. year for bigot) Spanglddzt' suture

Compiled by: Charge Wagner 1. Mat! Wm

Key cit-slut.“ J.de “ '

    

Swim.

 

 

 
  

by Anne Haber ,

The office of student life has
developed two new services to aid
groups of students who formerly had
no specific on campus representa-
tion. t

While one year ago the 700
veterans attending SUNYA had no
office to meet their special needs
there are now not one, but three
agencies aimed at helping the vet.
One of these operates under thejoint
sponsorship of the office of Student
Life and the College of General
:Studics. Last spring. sparkled by the
possibility of receiving funds for this
purpose frotn the federal_
government‘s Veterans Cost of In-
struction Program. the office con-
sidered setting up a speciﬁc program
to wzttchout for the interests of the
vet. Because ofu technicality the aid
was not realized. but the idea still
seemed liken good one. A meeting of
vcts was held and it was decided that
at number of things were needed. in-
cluding a fontm for discussion. an
outreach program which would
attempt to reach vets in the com—
munity. the circulation of informa-
tion about government programs
(including legislative action) concer-
ningthc vet.ussistanccin completing
Veterans Administration forms. a
job referral system, and peer
counseling.

Eviction Fears Appear

by Judy Fautz

When the city of Albany passed
the controversial Housing Bill in the
latter part of I974. it seemed us if it
would have it great effect on students
who were living off-campus. A look
tit the situation now scents to in-
dicate that the IllW hits not it signifi-
cunl effect on the students who live
off-campus.

In September the Veterans infor-

mation Center was set up in 141'

Draper Hall. Open daily l-S. the
center acts as' a forum forformal and

' informal meetings of vets. Specializ-

cd information was given during
summer and fall orientation. and
two newsletters were sent out. Pro-
jects informing various departments
that the vet is entitled to tutoringun-
der the GI bill and the setting up of
job referrals are getting under way.

Purl of the center‘s original pur-
pose has been taken over however by
two on campus representatives of the
Veteran Administration who. with
good nccen to the regional ofﬁce,
are on hand to help the vets get the
benefits due them. There is also some
overlap with the new SA funded
group. Veterans for Action. But this
group. being solely composed of
vets. can join state and nutionul
veterans organizations. as well (is
take politicals stands. The different
agencies. though. have been working
well in cooperation with one an-
other. There huve been problems.
such as the possible inconvenience
caused by locating the Veterans In-
formation Center downtown. But
which changes.ifnny,nre needed has
not yet been decided.

Also new as of this your is a
program under the Ofﬁce ofStudcnt
Life of rehabilitation services for the

Since the Itlw does not effect the
students who already live there. no
one hits yet been threatened by the
law. Put Currttn. President of S.A..
cxpluincd that he was supposed to
work something out with city of-
ficials (such as issuing special per-
mits to students). but as far its he
knew “no onchttsbccn thretttcncd or
evicted“.

 

at...

Van Dyke

$1 58

1 Bedroom

Easy Living

1512

Stuyvesant

$186

2 Bedroom

 

0 Electricity and heat included.

0 All electric, modern appliances.
0 24-hour security patrol.

o Economical laundry centers.

0 Ceramic tile baths.

0 Bus line at door.

Directions: Take Interstate 90 (East. if
west of Albany; West lf east of Albany) to

CK

D

Rensselaer

$21 3

3 Bedroom

 

roughly l00 disabled students on fhe

SUNYA campus. When thedisabled
students organized, one counselor
was hired in respbnse to their needl.
Now. since the office received a
federal grant for this purpose. the
staff has expanded to include two
full time professional counselors
with special training in workingwith
disabled. and graduate and student
assistants.

Their services include counseling.
disability related discussion groups.
special prcmgistmtion (primarily for
the visually handicapped). the provi-
sion of readers for the visually hun-
dicuppcd. attendants for wheelchair
students. and the development. now
in the advance stages. of a tape
library which will include taped
books not available through “Recor-
dings for the Blind.“

Architectural Modifications ‘ '

But their main concern is with
architectural modifications.
Changes have been made to provide
wider doorways and special
bathroom stalls. and to make the
campus generally more accessible.
Additional planned improvements
include a covered walkway between
the podium and State Quad (where
most disabled students are living)
altcmutive doors that would be
catsier to open (such uselectric ones).
and additional romping.

Over-rated

‘. I

An On-Cztmpus Housing official
also said that he has not heard of
anyone affected by the law either.
and he predicts that few ifztny will be
effected by the bill within the next
five years.

Another point worth noting is
that the bill only applies to certain
designated zones within the Albany
urctt. When the Student Association
was chucking into the records ofthc
Off-Campus Housing Office to see
how many people were actually
affected by the bill. they found that
only at small number of people were
living in these zones and httd more
thttn three people in their dwelling.

These facts seem to ind icntc that
the Housing llill will not have tnttch
effect on the students who willbc liv-
ing off-campus. but next semester
will show the true extent to which
[his Bill will be enforced.

Bus Tickets for
Zappa Concert

on sale in C. C. Gameroom

Monday and Tuesday
April 21 & 22
10:00 am - 3:00 pm
Round Trip - $.50

Buses leave from circle

"lb-l

Veterans can recelve Information about tonne and education. and
other Itlnde of help downtown In Draper Hall.

Cambodia Fall Total

by Matt Kaufmnn

As of Thursday. April l7. I975.
the Cambodian Civil War. which has
111ng in that country for five years.
killing a quarter of a million people.
hats come to tin and with the sur-
render of Phnom Pcnh. Since 1970.
when General Lon Nol ousted the
pro-Communist government of
Prince Norodom Sihnnouk. there
has been constant ﬁghting between
these two forces. Directing his
Khmer Rouge rebels from Peking.
Siltanouk managed to gain control
of 75% of the country by I973. The
ﬁnal drive for the complete take-
over of Cambodia began early in
January of this year. culminating
with tltccxilcoflmn Noland the cup-
turc of Phnom Penh yesterday.

The new govcmmcnt is expected
to be headed by Khicu Sumphttn
(Prime Minister). Hou Youn
(M inistcr of the Interior). and Hou
Nim (Minister of Information).
Eight years cttrlicr. these same three
men. known ils the “three ghosts".
were ousth by Prince Sihanouk and
were supposedly executed. All three

 

   

Exit 6 (South Mall); left at light: take next MOdBI aPill'm‘ellt
left onto Northern Blvd; right onto North open
Manning Blvd: lst right onto [ark Street;

pass Ten Broeck ll; left on Colonie Street: Mon-Fri 95
follow signs to Model Apartment. E-2. wad 9 7

For information call 465-2449 or call the

Albany Housing Information Center Sat l0-3
465-3359. Sun '24
Managed by Clifford Rental Management.

Incorporated.

   
   

 

 

 

APRIL 18, 1975

      

Thursday, April 24
6:15 and 7:15 pm

Tickets for Zappa

Concert are now

 

funded by xrudenr armct’arion

 

ALBANY STU DENT PRESS

SOLD OUT 4 I 

have shown definite ties with Peking
and are firm Communists. but. ac-
cord ing to an A.\‘.\'()t'f¢ll('tl Press story
from Paris. Chou Sing of the
revolutionary Cambodian politburo
said that the 9ncw Phnom Penh
government would be neutral and
non-aligned. but ‘vigilunt‘ in its at-
titude towards the US“. As for
those associated with the old Lon
Nol regime. Sing noted that there
will be some trials. but “we willjudgc
in a humane way. You‘ve seen that
there is no blood bath in Phnom
Penh.“

In Saigon. the siluulion isgrowing
more lcnsc. The North Vietnamese
Army. rccciving fresh supplies from
Hanoi. supplemented by LS billion
dollars in aid from Moscow and
Peking. IlllS increased its gains in the
northern areas of Bicn Hou and
Xuttn Loc (less than forty miles from
Saigon). forcing the South Vict-
numcsc Army to continue to retreat
towards Saigon.

Inside South Victnztm are several
thousand U.S. citizens whose lives.
in time. may he placed in jeopardy.
along with many thousands ofSouth
VIClllilmCSL‘ citilcns. 'l‘hcrc have
been scvcml proposals. by both Con-
gress and the Pentagon for the
cvucutttiun of U5. ttnd South Vict-
numcsc citi/cns from Vietnam. All
the proposals have imolvcd til least
some use of US. military forces.

In Washington. President Ford
showed signs of optimism for South
Vietnam if the emergency and he
ilSkL‘d for is quickly approved for
him by Congress.

 

Dan Wagoner
and

Dancers ,

Thurs. Mly I-Snt. Mly 3.19753?

PAIL "

 
 

Performance
ll. Lecture Demonstration;

Thurs. Jr Fri.

Workshops:
Frl. 6t Set.

For more inform-(Ion.
cont-cl P.A.C.

.
ewveme‘m: ; .
. ,V

 

 

PAGE THREE;

 
  
  
 
 
    
    
  

 
  
    

 

 

 

        

 
    
  

.,,«...—.c-c——W_~.~Mu -.n-. , .

  

   
 
 
 
 

.. M”.;-.~.M

 

