 

 

 

Accounting

Principles oi Accounting (A. B)
Intermediate Accounting (A. B)
Cost Accounting (A. B)
Advanced Accounting (A. B)
Auditing (B)

Federal Income Tax (A)
Anthropology

Intro. to Anthropology (A, B)
Primitive Social Structures (B)
Fisce a Ethnic Relations (6)
Peoples a cultures oi Airics (A)
Cultural Anthropology (A)

Art

Photography (A. B)
Drawing a Painting (A. B)
Art Workshop (A. B)

Biology

Lilo—Origin A Future (A. B)
Microbiology (A)

Comp. Vertebrate Anatomy (A)
Ecology (B)

Parasitology (B)

Bacteriology (A)

Marine Biology (A)

Histology (A)

Physiology (8)

Principles oi Genetics (A)

Human Anatomy 5 Physiology (A. 8)
Chemistry

General Chemistry (A, B)

Intro. Organic it Blochem (A. 8)
Organic Chemistry (A. 8)

Physical Chemistry (A. B)
Physiological Chemistry (A)
Biochemistry (A)

Earth Science

Earth Science (A. B)

Economics

Economics. Intro to (A. B)
Problems at Mod. Amar. Economy (A)
Economic Development (A)

Labor Economics (B)

Modern Economic Thinkers (B)
Education

Developmental Psychology (A)
Educational Psychology (B)

Hist.. Phil. a Social Foundations (A)
Problems in Contemporary Amer. Ed. (B)
Foundations oi Education (3/2-1/17)
Teaching oi Reading (B)

Student Teaching (6/24/25)
Urban Studies (6/2-1/25)
Addiction (B)

English

English Composition (A)

English Composition (A. B)

The Novel (A. B)

The Drama (A. B)

Renaissance in Eng. Literature (B)
Selected Plays oi Shakespeare (A)
Contemporary Amer. Literature (8)
Theatre at Revolt (A)

Literature a Psychology (A)

Mad. British Women Writers (A)
Love In tho Western World (B)
Southern Exp. in Amer. Lri. (B)
Finance

Principles ol Finance (A)

Money It Capital Markets (B)
Mercantile a Consumer Credit (A)
corporate Financial Policies (B)
History

Upheavai tots-Present (B)

Amer. Power tabs-Present (A)
Latin American Experience (A)
History at Airica (B)

0.5. In 20th Century (A)

City In Modern History (A)
Expansion oi Europe (B)

Puerto Rico 3 Caribbean (A)
Integrated inIorlrtatlon Systems
Elements oi Data Processing (A. B)
Journalism

Cooperative Trining (A. B)

Lara

Intro. to Lewd Legal Reasoning (A)
Legal Environment oi Business (B)
Management

Principles oi Management (A. I3)
Human Resources In Mgt. (B)
Managerial Science

Report Writing lor Business (A)

Fundamentals oi Marketing (A. B)
Marketing Research (B)

III
Mathematical Analysis (A. B)
Basic Mathematics (A. B)
Cultural Mathematics (A)
Elementary Mathematics (A. B)
Music
lnslghts Into Music (A)
Individual Instruction—Voice.
Instrument or Theory (A. 8)
Intro. to Opera (B)
The Symphony (B)
Music at tern Century (A)
Advanced Individual Instruction—
Volce. Instrument or Theory (A. B)
Nursing
History oi Health A Disease
Philosophy
Great Philosophers (A. B)
Philosophical Issues (A. B)
Logic (A. B)
Ethics (A. B)
Philosophy oi Religion (B)
Social 5 Political Philosophy (A)
Physics) Education
Applied Anatomy A Klnosioiogy (A)
Physiology oi Exercise (B)
Physics
General Physics (A, B)
Intro. to Physics (A)
Physics Ior Poets (A. B)
Political Science
American Government (A. B)
Politics a Problems oi Amer. Cities (B)
Arnor Constitutional Law (A. B)
Soviet Govt. a Politics (B)
Amer. Political Thought (A)
Psychology
Intro. to Psychology (A. B)
Statistics in Psychology (A)
Child Psychology (A)
Personality (A)
Abnormal Psychology (B)
Experimental Psychology (B)
Ouantitatlva Analysis
Business Statistics (A)
Quantitative Methods (B)
Seminar
Medical Ethics (A)
Sociology
Intro. to Socrology (A. B)
Social Factors ti. Medicine (A)
Juvenile Delinquency (A)
Sociology at Poverty (A)
Race It Ethnic Relations (B)
Criminology (B)
Spanish
Intro. Spanish (A. B)
Speech
Orni Communication (A. 0)
Voice a Diction (A. B)
Oral Interpretation (A)
Adv. Oral interpretation (B)
Public Speaking (A. B)
Vocabulary (A)
Group Discussion (B)

 

(212-83445100)

Name

Director of Admissions.

The Brooklyn Center, Long Island University, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11201

Please send me information on the 1975 Summer Sessions.

I am Interested In E) undergraduate (:1 graduate study
during the [:1 June 9 [:1 July 21 essalon(a).

GRADUATE

Accounting

Accounting (A)

Internal Auditing (A)

current Cost Concepts (A)

Financial Statement Analysis (A. B)

Bilingual Education

Chinese Civilization (8)

Haitian Culture (0)

italinn Culture 3 Civilization (B)

Puorlo Flictin Culture A Civilization (8)

Biology

Pharmacology (A. B)

Chemistry

Biochemiolry (A. B)

Community health

Epidemiology (B)

Politics at Health (B)

Community Mental Health (B)

Health EdUCiIIIOII (B)

Health Care Systems (B)

Research Methodology (8)

Economics

Geography a Industrial Eco. (A)

Educaﬂon

Educational Psychology (B)

Adolescent Siuduni (I3)

Hist. 5 Phil. oi Education (E)

Child Development (A)

(loading it Critical Thinking (A. B)

Teaching Language Arts (B. C)

Touching Social Studies (B)

Teaching Science (A)

Teaching Mathematics (C)

Contemporary Phil. oi Education (6)

Teaching English to Speakers oi
Oliier Languages (C)

Bilingual Approach to Content Areas (C)

Reading Diagnosis 5 Correction (A)

Urban-am 3 Socrnl Action (A)

Seminar in Literature lor Children (A)

Problems at Culiurriliy Dlﬁtldvitiiiilytiti (B)

Learning in Urban Setting (A)

Secondary School Curriculum ((3)

Education Communications 5 Techniques (C)

Learning Disabilities (C)

Educational Evaluation (A)

Exceptional Ciiiiii (C)

Education oi Giiieri Student ()3)

Supervrsed Student Teaching (A)

Seminar in Elementary Ed. (A)

 

Address

 

 

City

 

College now attending

 

Session A: June 9-July 17.
Session 3: July 21-August 28
Session C: June 30-July 24
(Special graduate session)
_________.__.._____-——

Day and Evening

Residence hall
accommodations available
_____,____—_._—

English I

Modern English (C)
20th Century English Novel (B)
Seminar In 20th Century Literature (7/1-8/7)
20th Century Amer. Literature (A)
Finance
Corporate Finance A Markets (A)
Money and Credit (A)

Corporate Financial Policy (B)
international Finance (B)

Guidance

Fieldwork in School 5 Agency (B)
Fieldwork in inner City Schools (C)
Independent Research (A. B)

World at Counselor (A. B. C)

Human Development (A. B. C)

intro. in Counseling (A. B. C)

Family Counseling (A. B. C)
Practicum to Group Work (A. B. C)
Individual Practicum (A. B. 0)
Diagnostic Tools ior Measurement (A. B. C)
World oi Work (A. B. C)

Health Science

Issues 5 Problems In Health Science (B)
Nature S Needs ol Handicapped Child (A)
Seminar In Motor Learning (A)

lndiv. Problems in Physrology or Kincsiology (A. B)
Advanced Clinical Protect (A. I!)
History

lndusirralrsm S Liberalism (A)
European Society Since 1918 (B)
Linguistics

General Linguistics (0)

Management

Management at Enterprise (A)
Organizational Behavior (A. B)
Organization Theory (A)
Development oi iiuman Resources (A)
Marketing

Process oi Marketing (B)

Mgt. oi Market Operations (A)
International Marketing (B)

Creative Marketing Seminar (A)
Mathematics

History at Mathematics (A)
Foundations. ol Mathematics (B)
Probability A Statistics (A)

Calculus oi Finite Diiioiences (B)
Physical Education

Adapted PE. 5 Rehabilitation (8)
Outdoor Recreation (A)

Seminar A Field Experience (A)
Political Science

Revolutionary Theory II. Govt (E)
Freedom of Expression (A)
Problems ol Modern Nationalism (B)
Third World Politics (A)

Psychology

Indivrdual Mental Toots (B)

Public Administration

Organizational Behavior (A)

Public Finance 5 Fiscal Policy (A)
Theories at Public Administration (B)
Politics at Bureaucracy (B)

Public Policy

Economic Environment oi Business (A)
Legal Environment ol Business (8)
Great Books In Business (A. B)
Public Policy A Society (A. B)
Managerial Economics (A. B)
Government A Business (A. B)
Quantitative Analysis

Statistics (A)

Quantitative Analysis (B)
Quantitative Methods In Bus. Reaearch (A. B)
Sociology

Social Organization (B)

Sociology oi Socialization (A)
Spanish

Adv. Conversational Spanish (A)
Modern Hispanic Theatre (C)
Talallon

Individual a Partnership (A)

Estate Planning (A)

Urban Studies

City as a Melting Pot (A)

internship In Urban Institution (A)
Research Seminar In Urban Mgt. (A)
Housing Management (A)

Intro. to City Planning (A)

Research Seminar In City Planning (A)
Community Planning (A)

 

 

 

 

 

 

g Wm rs

Vietnam Revisie'd

To the Editor:

In lightof President Ford‘s recent request to
Congress for additional aid to support the
Thieu regime. it is imperative that we oppose
further US. military intervention in Vietnam.
We should support efforts toward a
nonviolent reconciliation of the people who
have been Wounded. killcd. orphaned or
displaced by the tragedy of war in their
homeland.

At a time when we should have been
bringing the children of Vietnam btick to their
land. culture. and families. we insicnd
kidnapped them and brought them to the U.S.
hoping that here they would be safer iliid
happier. I question both the legality lliid the
morality of Ford‘s “bubyiift” program which
assumes that those children would bu "better
of!“ in American homes than in their native
land.

First nftill. it is the children who Would be
the strength and hope of the country in the
future. To trikc them in cry from their people is
in effect ilii not of kidnapping which will
deprive Victniim of ptilCIiIIiIIIy vulunblu
human resources. While it is zirrugrintiy
utionzilizcd that they will be bcttcr cured for
in the Stritcs. we can cundcr whru will bccniitc
(it these tiprneicd children when they grow up
it licntitcd from their true cultiirnl huritiigc rind
national roots.

Secondly. Ford‘s titliiptiiin [ti'tijll’tili‘l does
not have the fill! support of the South
Vietnamese government til‘ the purple. lhc
Minister of Social Welfare II)L‘IL' Iiilh iipcniy
opposed the adoption program iiiItI thc III\I
iiirlil't ltitldc without the consent iii any South
Vietnamese tiificiuls. I‘iirtlicrrnurc. it is
important that we understand \vlirit it r 'nily
menus in be u SO-CiIIIL‘d “nrphtiii” in South
Vietnam. Quite often "orphans" are children
who are placed in erphrinngcs by it living
parent who. buctiusc nl physical! injury.
displacement orccunomic hardship. is unable

to adequately cure for her his child. Mun) til
those parents are mothers of children who
hich been initiated by American soldier.» rind
who have left their child run in tin: tirpiitiltiigcs
temporarily. intending to return for IIIL'III :it it
better time in their lives.

We must also realize lIitIi Iltt: Victririrncxc
httvc n strong sense of cuiniiiunity tiliti thv
extended family is \cry pruvnlcnt thurr.
making it likely that n child WIIUM.‘ pili‘uttls
have died could be inurc IIiiIti rrticqunich
cured for mid I‘iiIh‘Cd by other l'CItIii\L'.s and
friends given the existence of pcnccltil and
favorable economic and sticiui Ctilttiiitiitls.

Finally. I believe lIIIII \vc ttru mnrully
responsible to provide Iiunuiniutriun aid in
Victntim including tIUHITCI‘iIlCI)‘ riccticd
medical crirc ftirthc victimsufthcwrir. Since it
is only the licrilthicst children IIIili til'c trrkcn
for adoption. there are many lclt behind with
illnesses or physical defects. Iispcciully trirciril
is the problem of these who IIII\‘L' Ilihl IIIIIIih ilh
II result of the war. there are simply not
cnouglit facilities iivriiltihic t0 lit cvcryonc
lldcquntcly with nrtil'icril limbs which must bi:
refitted every six months to (I ycrir.

I would suggest that my contributions inr-
medical relief or the support of urphuruigcs
only be made through the Fellowship til

APRIL 15,1975

 

‘r-r—m nu...“ .s

Reconciliation or the?» American" " Friends 1

Service Committee since most other groups
cannot guarantee. that the funds will be used

for thciroriginaipurposcs. According to Don '

Luce who spoke here last Friday. money that
wasoriginailyallocatcd iorthc Food for Peace
program was diverted to heated to build tiger
cages which imprisoned and tortured rather
than liberated the people. The F.O.R. has
maintained contacts with the Buddhist Peace
Delegation in Paris and the Pearl Buck
Foundation. They will continue to provide
rclicfrind ﬁnancial support for refugees and
the orphanages which allow. the children to-
rcrimin in their own country. Despite the fact
that they have been denounced by both the
Saigon government as "Communist
symptitltilers“ rind the NLF for fccdiiig
refugees. the Buddhists in South Vietnam
have always supported rind stood for those
who were suffering.

Anyone interested in local rclicfciforts may
contact Mt. Crimicl House. 535 Schenectady
St.. Schenectady. [2307.

Dianne-Marie Pichc

March for Peace

To the Editor:

A dcrnnnstrntitin has been called for this'
liriduy by the Capital District Indochina
Support CtilliiiIIIICL‘. concerning Amcricnn
involvement in Southeast Ash Speciﬁcally.
the dcmiinstrrrtiiiii is culling fit .nn end to rill
11.5. hid in the corrupt 'l'hicn rcgittic;
Itiili'lctiiiilL‘ rcprirriiinns inr :iII dauntth
inflicted It) iIicL‘tlIIIIIi‘IL‘S by thi: [1.5.1 rin cud
to military iIIIL‘I’\L'liIIttlI or nid by the [1.5.1
rind.tiiiiitrkctlict'.S licupttithc ’ttrisl‘cncc
Agreement in! January. N73). the document
irum “Inch thc first thrccrlcnirindsirrigirtritc.

I‘u\\ Americans iintlcrstrtiiti (llhl what this
trout) “its iIiL‘tIIil in cstribl‘kh. rind thunk.» to
criiiiiisiiig niitl :inii~\"ii'lririi£csc |1I'tiptigiIIILItl in
the press. uteri icitcr IlltIL‘l'hlilitti him the
“Hull rcgirnu. “III! the tall support til the US.
hats Ctllislsiciiil)‘ hctiriycd thu pcricc ngrccmcnl
m cry \lUp iii the tiny. I‘nr tlinsc intcrustcd. tlic
IIIiIIII concern iii the Paris I‘cricc Agrcciitcnt
was the suiting tip “I it coalition government
something which l'hiuu and his US, buckch
hnvc Ilti intentions (II prcscnt (if
cairlblishiug.

I wish. him u\ or. to explain the involvement
til IIIL' [LS-Chitin l’cnplcs Friendship
Assuchtitttli in thc ISC. Normally. the
USCI’I‘A docs nut prtrticiputc in political
programs. its we exist to further bcttcr
I‘L'IUIIUIIh between the US. tind the Peoples
Republic 0| China. which is basically it
culturnl pl'tihlciil. We recognize. [hill the
continued ckistciicc (if [1.3. military support
iiir unpopular rcgimcs in Indochina is
detrimental iii the cu use of friendship between
the 1|.S. and Chinese people. Imagine Olli‘t)\VIi
rcnctiiin ii ('hincsc iII‘IIiL‘d fiirccs invudcd
(‘riiindril I hcrcftirc. we but it its consistent with
our program It) support the dcittoltsirnlion.

We will be assembling ill the park (it
Washington Avenue and Northern lilvd. iii
||:.itl ti.Ii‘i.. and will innrclhtti the Capitol sicps
II)! n riiuin rrilly. Wc urgan iricnds of China.
ilh \chl its tinyiinc concerned with puricc rind
justice. to come to this dcmtihsirntiiin.

'I'iimrny Schcrbcnku
('iiziii'pcrsiiri. SUNYA-USCI’FA

Pen Power

In the Editor:

/\ bill has been introduced jointly by
Senator II()\\tII'tI NtlIiIII iIIItI Assemblyman
IIlliliiilh Iirmtn i'ittitlcd “l)i\isinn for the
Handicapped" (5.2298. A. 2942). lhi: bill
tlclincs ii Iuintiicrippcd Pcrhtlli :irid iIIhii crcritcs
ii iii murnlit'r pnucl l 3 iii whuni shrill bc
liriridicrippcd or parents tilld guardians of tlic
huriilit'nppcd. Inc piIIIL'I would cvrilutitc
L‘thllllg programs tiitd suggest new programs
It) be implcmcnlui to improve existing
sL‘i'\’It.'l.'s. Ari tlliIIitlthliiili'S office will also be
crcritcd to act iih it rcprcscntiitivc fur the
Iuiiidrcnppcd. Ihc ombudsman would have
the (timer to lulu: legal action. This bill would
rud iIII hrindiutppcd pcoplc rtiid pruiniitc
tIIitI niiirc efficient scrvrccs for them. It
vs for input of ideas front those who

hullcr
iIIht) iIIItH

Many smut!

(United Cerebral Pally chapters. Ar
County Chapter for Mental Health. to name

few) but more support is n eded._~
Unfortunately the Nolan-Brown bill is in‘,

committee. but if enough people write and
voice their support for this bill (5.2298.
A2942) perhaps it Will come onto the floor
and get the attention it deserves. I urgc the
friends of the Wildwood School and all the
handicapped to write their Senators and
Assemblyman telling them how you feel.
Please do it now before time runs out. The
handicapped have been unrepresented too
long.

Kathy Maloncy

Greer
Misrepresented

To the Editor:

A news reporter c0vcring n lecture is
supposed to convey the gist of thc lecturcr‘s
argument. Betty Stein‘s covcrrigc of (icrmtiinc
(irccr's talk in the March l4th issue of the
ASP failed to do (hit! by it wide margin. A
substitute report is in order.

The lecture was Irirgcly dL‘dIL‘iilcd to
wemcns' need to give rather than nbtirt birth
in third world countries. 'I'hiit Itctty Stein.
except for one short iiiid vrtgtic scntcncc
lritiilly Ignores this httsic thcmc Icnds one to
think that she is either “itiitiniritiil” iir unti-
third world. The Iccturi: \vns ti surprise and
Ms. (irccr \’iil'lIL‘.li it would he. Grccr‘s
dubbing US. feminist issues its only relevant
iii ILS. suburbttn htiuscwiics must have
disappointh mnny (ii hcr listeners. l'his might
ckplriiri htit ccrtziiiily IiiiI justily it reporter‘s
IIIISrL‘pI‘L‘huliIiIIIttII (if her views.

As the title suggested. the IL‘ClllrL' \vris ilhtllli
fertility. I‘cminism. stud his. (irccr. Is tiftcit
music-presented us being. :iiiti—nritttl. While
control (if nnc's body smirctimcs m‘nns
tibiirtiiin it also muons pregnancy. In ihrct:
quarters of the world prcgnnncy is not only
noble hut \‘IIIII if thcpurcntstircti) survive rind

‘.
8

' resources are being used up in one‘airiall part "'

of the globe faminccs are caused by mai-
distribution not by overpdpulation. Hpr feed
not‘sterilizc said Greer. ask people what they
need instead of imposing unwanted plans on
them. .

Ms. Greer was skeptical about injecting
more rationality in 0.5. was of life and foreign
policy. More likely she said. the masses of the
world will rise against the elites-exploiting
them. i

In short. Ms. Grccr hopes that Wemcns‘
Liberation would be part of world wide
from .. ' caused by ‘
and political exploitation both at home and
abroad. Issues such as abortion and morcjobs
for women ri rc relevant. Exploitation however
ltlkcs many forms and so should liberation.
The slogan of “Women's rights” he: one
meaning in US. suburbs rind other meanings
in different pilrls of the world.‘ ‘

Nubil A. Kheury

I‘L ~

The Albany Student Press I’t'.\'r'l‘t't‘.l r/rr'wlr‘

rig/ii [0 print HP will Irv/urn Iii ilrr' t'r/ilill‘.

.S'irlirrrr'r lt‘llt'I‘A 'I'YI'I'.‘it"lt’li'l‘lfrir’ Iil ('rrrri-
/)ii.I' ('r'rrlt'r It'mrrrr 126.

 

Perspectives

 

.———————I) y l’at (‘u rrun

But What Can I Do?

 

 

livcr since i first took an interest in government. us iIIi academic discipline rind its tin
cxtrucnrricuiri r activity. I have rnrirvclcd ill how people seem to miss the connection between ( I )
problems or situations which are in nch ofchtingc. and (2) the mczins by which change may be
accomplished. It’s frustrating. Allow me to offer some examples of how it student government
officer has been confounded by ri luck of constituent cooperation.

Wc bud it big argument in the Student Association office curly Inst sctncstcr about whcthcrtu
crill for it sit-in tit City Hull over the anti-student housing IiIW. The plan was voted down because
some (if us full that Albany students couldn‘t bi: motivated to trike such action. SA officers
IIISIL‘iId fought the law ill public hcrirings illtd protested it in the press. However. thi: law passed
and new we wonder whether the sit-in could have made a difference.

l.ritcr lust sctncstcr thch was the problem

with possible continuation of overcrowded

dormitory conditions this Spring. A big fuss was raised and the student body was asked to
withhold payment at this semester‘s rerun fee if the situation wasn‘t ended. Whether the boycott
would hnvc been supported no one knows for sure. Luckily (though the outcry undoubtedly
brought nbiuit ii spccdict' resolution) administrators were willing to be reasonable without being

ft) rccd.

Now we are friccd with the possibility of having $804,000 goung from our university's budget.
if the Static l..cgislriturc doesn‘t not. Can H.000 students. rivcr 1000 family. and thousands of
ndriiinistrntur strifi. rilurnni. piircnts. triistccs. ririd'fricnds of thc university be convinced ofthc

urgency of on r crtusc'.’

Limit nt it this wary. getting bitch in the point nuidc ill the outset. Next year. If the Legislature
dirt-s not restore the cuts. there‘s going to be one heck of n Itil of grumbling on this campus. Willi
15 It) l9 touching faculty positions knocked off the payroll. tlicrc'll hi: it lot ofgrumbling ributit
mcrcriiwdcd classrooms cvcn worsc than we now face!

When students have to well for chks or months to sun: il Financial Aidsndviser. for instance.
iii‘ti)gelnittippttililtticnl inth University Counseling Center. will they remember it'sduc to the
cutbriuk tli Iii It) 22 student services staff members by the Legislature?

lI initriin rit the Suite University of New York is boosted. or who knows. IiiinbC cvcndeubicd,
it ill petiplt: be kicking themselves for rrur (lulu): .Irlllir‘I/ifli): about ii in April!!!

I his neck rind ricxt. rind throughout the i‘CiiiiIIndL‘I‘ of this semester. I plctid with you to Iipr us
“do \tIIIICIIIlIIg." Write it lcttcrtuyourStntc Scnritornnd Asﬁcliihlypcfh'tlit. Itdocsn't tnkc long—
uiid it won‘t cost you it penny. Student Association will pick up the lilh. I‘ltcrc will be tables on
the dinner lines when: you will bi: given stationery. envelopes. iIIId fact sheets explaining the

budch cuts. Do it! Write!

One inst thing. It you‘re thr: lcnst bit tempted to tell yourselfynur one letter won't help. risk tiny
SIJNYA legislative intcrn how innny letters it Icgislitttir receives on any single issue. Not many.
And when Iic/ sitcdtics. the luwninkcrjumps. cspcctttlly when the letter writers are here 'in Albany
ready to publicirc the vote of each iittd cvcry legislator on the SUNY budch restoration.

We in Student Association believe that this is the best means ofprcventing what could be a

very big problem.

ALBANY STU DENT PRESS

PAGE NINE

«We: r“:l-:~'

..  ~i0

,.

‘-«;w..;.. as. 4.. a. . so.“ assess». a‘Aira‘A‘niL:

 

