 

 

l
)5.

5.7-1
ii"

 

-—e-\'.r“:§‘—"~v 1.1. turd: A... v. .

 

 

A long. long time ago
. . I can still remember...

And as the lights dimmed and Don McLean walked briskly‘to the
stage I could remember: the days when tickets for his concerts could
be purchased hours before the performance with [guarantee of an
endlentjseat; the days when mention of his name precipitated no
'mbrethan a puzzled stare; the days when I had to hunt and search
several record stores to ﬁnd a copy of his ﬁrst album, Tapestry. -

Times have changed. Early last week McLean played to a packed
auditorium in Saratoga. Once a church. now used for folk concerts,
the Great Saratoga Music Hall was the scene of McLean‘s
performance. The small assembly hall was bulging with an incredible
assortment of people. Old men drawing on unlit pipes accompanied
grammarlschool children. Families. students, old couples. and even
conservatively attired businessmen joined the ranks of the
enthusiastic crowd. Many of them munched on the vegetable soul
food they purchased at the entrance.

‘The hall provided a perfect backdrop for McLean. Huge Gothic
windows, high ceilings and old upholstered chairs contributed to an
atmoshere that was relaxed, comfortable and completely
unpretentious.Thesounds of McLean‘s voice and instruments were
sharply and lucidly transmitted throughout the hall. He drowned out
the steady beat of the rain and made us forget the dank, waterlogged
coats and other clothes clinging to our bodies.

The concert was fun. The distinction between performer and
audience was vague. We were asked to sing along and harmonize in
many of the songs. McLean was aware of his audience. In the earlier
days of his career he sometimes got up on stage and stared vacantlv
ahead. He sang and spoke little with his veiwers. Sometimes the
concerts seemed like unpleasant. nene racking ordealsThis time was
different. Perhaps the intimacy of the hall eased the tension and
arrogance that McLean has exhibited in the past.

 

“I guess you have to figure out
what it means to be an American.
It certainly doesn't mean
Jerry For .”

 

 

He spoke between songs: “I guess you have to figure out what it
means to be an American. It certainly doesn't mean Jerry Ford.“
McLean chuckled as he searched for another stringfor his banjo. His
talk had no definite direction. His ease and confidence in us as
listeners and in himself as a performer shined through.

“You're not supposed to break." he exclaimed while examining the
four remaining strings on his banjo. “Damn it, I want to play my
banjo. How about a four string version of‘Ain‘t She Sweet‘." With
that McLean proceeded to sing in a high falsetto, clowning around
while continuing his search for a replacement string.

i As aDise  y-anted Poet

McLean was adequate on guitar, but he outdid himself on the
banjo. He played an instrumental tune he learned from Pete Seeger
and dedicated it to “all of you who like livinginthc country.” Amidst
whistling and foot stomping his ﬁngers ﬁew along the neck of the
instrument. He strummed a clear, resounding sound into the
microphone which had just been “juiced up" upon his request.
McLean became one with his instrument, whistling and stamping
louder than even the audience. He did this often in many of his songs.

Following the instrumental piece, McLean introduced his next song,
a round for everyone to participate in. “This song is good to know. It
keeps you in one piece in times like these." The song, “Babylon”, is a
traditional prayer that McLean adapted for the banjo. He broke the
audience up into three groups and in a matter of minutes had
everyone singing a part in the round. McLean helped us all out,
virtually singing all three parts at once. Hejumped from section to
section to keep everyone in their correct verse.

Facial and body movements were an important mode of
expression in this concert. They followed appropriately with the
songs. By the different contortions he made, McLean led us along on
a string, speeding us up when he played “Dreidel,"creating
apprehension and mock fear when he performed “On the Amazon.“
In this silly nonsense song, many polysyllabic words aretransformed
into monstrous beings lurking through the Amazon jungle.

0n Ihe Amazon [he prophylactic-s prowl

0n the Amazon (he hit'porlerntics howl

0n the .-lma:on you'll hear a scorch and sling-
Zodiucs on the wing.

.-l// the .i‘rrr/uglilt's and vicious vertebrae

IIuIrI rhc .tlalrrgmilt's while luryngr'lis slay

All rhe parasiles rhul come/rum Prirugualt' in Spring . .

Scattered throughout his concert rcpctoirc of love songs and

broken-heart ballads were songs that echoed disenchantment and
discontent. These songs brought out McLean's feelings about our
commercial. last-paced. jet-set society. But there are people who
believe that Don McLean has sold out and betrayed the folk tradition
trorn which his career sprang because of the addition of his catchy
love melodies.

- His earlier days werespenta
In I969, Seeger, the leader ollioi]
with McLean rind other folk
Hudson. They made thinysiop,
music. Compare I but to playingm
British Isles.

Perhaps on the surface it seerm '1
and changed his style. He has

songs to his repertoire. _\'cl thisis

more important ltIL‘llS. ,
In an Inlcr\'lt:\\ iiltcr lilt'
reinforced my sentiments. Whm
writing songs like" American Pic“ 1
was quick to rcspoiid. "[I don't ‘
people. . .Rczichiiig pcoplcismo
One of the ways to reach pert
rocking. romantic melodies. on
will be able to triinsntit thcdee

believes in. Selling ottt‘.’ I don't! I

Everything is it

what it can take

 

story by hilluy kolbiclt

photo. by erica marcuh

 

ALBANY STUDENT anss

 

 

 

 

ete Seeger's Sloop Clearwater.
boat and its expedition, sailed
'ans down the length of the
-_ the way to perform their folk
.udience of 85,000 people in the

i McLean has glossed his image
. some syrupy, romantic love
an attempt to bringto listeners

McLean strengthened and
estioned as to his reasons for
. “And I Love You So“ McLean
t to] end up playing to thirty
i portant."

. to attract them ﬁrst to quick,

performer is able to do that he
more important messages he
so!

“1'. V. is hawking nything they can
cram down it ur throat...

lug done to see

from humanity. "

 

This notion of disenchantment was oftcn repeated in our
discussion tiftcr the concert.  V. is hawkinganythingthcycztn cram
down your throat...Nothingis being done anymore for the benefit of
humanity. Everything is being dotic to see what it can lllh’C from
humanity. "Mclctin said in disgust. Recently he was being filmed in
his home for it show to appear on cable television. After the
filmmakers had him sing ti number or two they ushered litm irtto his
own bathroom, where they wanted to complete the filming. As
McLean CXpItlillL‘d it, tltc director and prod uccr were more interested
in the unusual decor in his bathroomthen they were in his singing and
performing. They went so far as to suggest that he sing a number iii
the bathroom. decorated with many gold records and other unusual
memorabilia.

McLean's disenchantment is blatant in some of his songs. In direct
contrast to some of his syrupy love songs is “Magdalene Lane." Hc
knocks down the ldctllllcd dreams and fairy tales that we like to
believe in:

Arm! Ifm's' mi relief and lht‘ Iinmrm'r u lliitff
Am/ arm (/10 wizrml can't raise the door].

Disgust for our system ofjusticc and court procedures is answered
in it snappy, slightly bitter rctort, “Respecttiblc’f: McLean slatcdthat
he originally wrote this iii direct response to lcd Kennedy and the
(‘hiipptiquidtick incident.

ll'i'll iI doesn't mum'r ifs/it"s living or

their t/t‘llt/
You I'm: t/I'fl‘t' lllt'(l_l' iiirgi'llirig that your hum/)cr'r
(lip/ml in I't‘tl.
He has since modified his view ofthc situation. “[Tcd Kennedy] was
set up. [It was] one of their dirty tricks.“ McLean was reluctant to
elaborate further. He reached over to his cluttered drcsstngtablc and
withdrew ti cigarette from the pack of Carmel non-filters. ' ‘

'l'hc cigarettes rested atop a copy of Richard Brauttgan s clusstc
Trout/hiring in Ariterir'u. l’tibst's Blue Ribbon beer cans and attempty
fifth of Gordon‘s Distilled London Dry Gin added to the clutter.

McLean leaned buck and took a long drag on his Cigarette. ' Do
ou perform?" He shrugged rind wryly smiled,
“I‘m always nervous.“ This was evident, as he beganto’ Wind down
after a long and exhausting performance. He stretchcdhts legs out in
front of him. light blue socks sticking out of his Levr jeans. Black
loafers and a matching Levi denim work shirt completed his attire.

The entire concert consisted of already recorded and older tunes.
McLean said that he has no idea when his new album wrll berelcased.
“God only knows. I've only written one song for it so far. Bits and

you get nervous beforcy

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

pieces of the problems that he is having with his record company
came up in our discussion. “We're fighting over principles."

McLean spoke a little more about his future plans. An abbreviated
version of the Sloop Clcarwatcr 1969 concert series is being
contemplated in honor of the American Bicentennial. ". . .aitd I‘m
going to Australia in the beginning of I977." He will also be at the
Bottom line in New York City during Thanksgiving weekend. As for
other appearances, McLean didn‘t say much. But there was a guy
who impersonate-d him down in Florida. “He sold out three shows
and got good reviews.“

There is no one who could possibly impersonate Don McLean in
the manner that he performed last week in Sartitoga. A highlight of
his pcrlormancc was his rendition of “The Ballad of Andrew
McKruc," The song deals with ti Vagabond who died without anyone
to cltiiin his body. A circus troupctook the body and dressed it up in a
tuxedo calling it the “mummified man.“ They traveled with it for
more than thirty years. The body was finally buried witha tombstone
in Dallas, Texas.

An abbreviated version of the
Sloop Clearwater 1969 concert

series is being contemplated in

honor of the Bicentennial.

 

 

McLean discovered the story in a small article in the NY. Times
headlined “Mummy Buried in Dallas.“ He dedicated the song "The
Ballad of Andrew McKruc" to this man and to other homeless
vagiibonds who aimlessly wander about the land. He donated half the
song‘s proﬁt to ti woman who took care of all the burial
arrangements. When he introduced the song on stage he quipped
about the story. “they have a tombstone for him with a verse [of the
song]. . .ttnd my name. I wasn't very happy about that."

At the end of the long, exciting, bouncing concert, McLean
wclcomcd some friends to the stage. Frank Wakefield. a musician
who has played with the New Riders of the Purple Sage. Lena
Spencer, who owns and runs Cafe Lena in Saratoga and an
unidentified ma 1 ioincd him to finish offthc outstandingshow. They
sang “This Land is Your Land" with the audience enthusiastically
chiming in. When they left the stage the applause continued loudly,
with many people standing in the aisles, asking for more.

But McLean had had enough. lle gtivethis concert his all and slunk
wearily to his dressing room. Here he was greeted by some older,
middle-aged women who bcgttn snapping furiously with their
instumatic cameras. It was here that our entire conversation began
and ended. After fifteen minutes, he got up, zipped himself into his
green army parka, put on the hood and excused himself. “If that's all,
I'm tired. I've got to go." .

I thanked him for his time and the first rate, dynamic perfrﬁmrohce
he'kcve.

The drive back was long, and the rain was heavy. I examined the
hand that had been shaken by Don McLean. After a moment's
hesitation, I shoved some cold vegetable soul food into my mouth
and settled back. Recalling the evening all I could think of was that

McLean's music had made me smile.

 

.4

PAGE 5A

 

