" ,  more home.
paid $3.500 (dollars) br amid-half-
_ from speaking engagement at-

Carleton'Untversity in Ottawa next.
monthl-z, r \ .. .

a That works out torbeﬁ$117 (dollars)
per mtnute'fcir the convicted former
presidentiallawyer. w 4  r

: (ZNS) A:- Califomia Congressman,
who spells out in the Congressional
Record how to rip~off the Postal
Service, has been strongly criticized
by postal officials. ~
Republican Robert lagomarslno

reported in the Congressional Record '

that he had learned how to have a letter
delivered free. The Congressman said
that his system works because the Post
Office now returns all letters without
postage to the'person whose name is
listed as the "sender" in the return
address spade. .

Lagomarsirio says that if you want a
letter delivered  you merely
address the letter .to yourself—and
then write the name of the person you
want to send it to in the return address
space. Then you leave oil the stamp.

 qe.;.on letter, .willaptomptly

 to the personvwwanto’d it

,h

sent to“without Collecting a cent.

,The.Postgl,Service said it was.

appalled'at' Lagcmarsino's remarks.

,tznsi The General Services
Administration reports that the White

. House spends $92,000tdollars) a year i
, of taxpayers money .merely'to turn out

framed pictures of President Ford and
other: government officials,

A G.S.A. study has found that two
part-time carpenters were kept busy
last year hammering their ways
through 7500 white house frames.

The shop, according to the G.S.A.,
offers a choice of matting and colors
and a variety of frames. In addition, the
shop uses only the more expensive
nonglare glass on all the pictures it
frames.

(CPS) A man convicted in Boulder,
CO on charges of selling 200 lbs. of
marijuana thought he was off the hook
when he received a three-year
suspended sentence. But not so.

Instead, the IRS sent John Storr a bill

>11 \w 3

it.» $327,060, tried on rarel'yaiised

powers under the MarituanaTax’ Act, _

which provides for a tax of $100_per

' ounce to be paid b the government.

, Starr and a codeisndenthave said
they will challenge the taxiuowrt on
the grounds that it would have been
self-incriminating to pay It. '

(ZNS) Members of Congress, who
have just returned to Washington for
the 94th season, have already mapped
out a generous recess schedule.

House members have approved a
series of recesses, which will give

A look at a student dollar in 

V Ethnic and National

Concert Board

11¢

.i‘" -..

Mediailand Publications

SA Operating,
Office Salaries, SASU dues

Cultural Groups,
General
Entertainment

26¢

 

Recreational;

Ambulance 12¢

Intercollegiate
Sports

(AAB)

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

.me

rs a minimum of 64 days off this
year—notcounting weekends.

“ Among the recesses already on the
calendar are 6 days off for Lincoln’s
Birthday; 7 days off at Easter; 6 days at
Memorial Day; -7' days around
independence Day; an August recess

- of 22 days; and 6' days off at Columbus

Day. The lisbd holidays donot include
.a probable early‘recess forChristmas.

(ZNS) The Dean of Boston University
is claiming it is “morally wrong" for the
student body to pay former
Presidential Press Secretary Ron
Ziegler to give a lecture on the campus.

Ziegler was recently signed up for
$3000 (dollars) to give a speech at the
University. However, in a telegram to
student officers, Dean lohn Wicklein
insists it would be a moral
transgression to pay any Watergate
figure any money at all.

Says Dean Wicklein: (Quote) “I
would like to lead the way, in a moral
way, to dissuade people from paying
Watergate figures."

Wicklein says: (Quote) "it would be
the continued ripping olfoi the country
by people who have no moral
commitment to this country's

'ioumalism or its ideals."

he
Tax
Pie

Every year Student Association's
Budget Committee prepares a budget
that the SA President, sometimes with
his revisions, proposes to Central
Council. The budget is revised by
Council, sometimes clot, and
sometimes very little, and then is
approved by them. That budget
decides where the sixty-four dollars
each student pays in tax goes.

This year’s Budget Committee has
been iorrned, and since it will soon start
going through each SA groups'
budget for next year we feel ttwould be
prudent to remind everybody where
the money went this year.

Some clarification of the chart: SA
Operating and Salaries does not
include salaries and stipends of any
SA groups, just those within the
government structure. Publications
include the yearbook, Torch. Cultural
Groups include Gay Activists
Alliance, Munchkin Club, Dance
Council, etc. General Entertainment
refers to the movie groups (not Tower
East) and Special Events Board.

it should be pointed out thatCouncil
has each year an additional amount of
money that is used to fund new groups
and increase allocationsto others. (T he
Emergency Fund). The Emergency
Fund this year was about 10 percent of
the total SA budget.

The total budget is well over $500,000.

FEBRUARY 4, 1975

L

 It's Worth

To ﬂutter:
When I first heard that a bill was pulled

 "which would enable students tones their own

personal records. I ‘said to myqu that I really
should my what interesting papers are in my
file. I thought about all my teachers in the past
who disliked me, and my imagination ran wild
with the various evaluations and judgements
upon my character that I might at last come
across. But before I knew it. Buckley stepped

‘ into revise the whole deal, and puts few limits

on the record that would be available to us.
This time, instead of letting my imagination
take over, I quickly went to room 9-5 in the

 

Administration Building and rcquisitioncd
that which is within my rights to see. I wrote
down my name. class. and social security
number, and was then told that lcould come
hack the following day at a speciﬁed time. I
returned at the appropriate hour and a man
handed me a skinny folder. and pointed to a
desk I could use. A strange thing I noticed was
that both the girl who gave me the requisition
form and the man who handed me the folder
had funny smiles on their faccsgsort of like
thcjokc was on me. .

After ﬁfteen stretched-cu minutes I
returned the conﬁdential folder, and
ascertained the fact that only authorized
personnel and myself have access to my
records. Only my transcripts can be disclosed.
and the university needs my authorization for
that. l was heartily assured that no other
student could possible see my records. Why
then, was my identiﬁcation curd ncvcr
checked? Why is the university more careful
with its FSA check-cashing scrvicc tlmn it is
with my pcrsonitl. conﬁdential rccords‘.’ Lucky
thing for all of us is that the whole bill is n
force, and there is nothing worth seeing
nnywuyl

Susie Schwnh

Minding the Store

To the Editor:

For some. it is the existence of our creator
which spurs the most discussion. For others, it
is the character of the universe which deﬁed
explication. However, for myself, and I
suspect for the majority of my confederate». it
is the nature of the duties of the third ﬂoor
custodians at the university gymnasium which
ll in most need of explanation.

For more than a year now I have hurt the
occasion to witness thciic custodians engaged
in their ritual of sitting and watching,
watching and sitting, chatting rind resting.
resting and chatting. Occasionally the ritual is
Vllricd, its the chatting prccecds the sitting, or
thc rotting is but a prelude to the watching——
but the variation is slight illld docs not upset

.thc' ritual. At' times, however, the ritqu
aWears to be genuinely threulcncd. Action
replaces inaction as negligent students an:
abruptly reminded that university regulation»

Onc questions. however, the need for three ‘

individuals to take part in this ritual. Clearly

it least two are required; for one cannot “chat”

(by RM in 1

There it no doubt that Amerirs‘is going through a  f
hundred years sfter'your nationalindc ode,  hare ‘ L

unless another is present. Yet. _I , j

the explanation somehow runsde'cpcr than  A . . . . ,
‘ opportunist; Mm

this. Thus. one might jhypoth'ctizc the

following: three. custodians are needed to -

prevent any' radical minorities from starrqu
the gymnasium. :

The logic is impressive. To prevent these
minorities from nnsom'utg the gym for the
release of their compatriots from federal
pcnitentiaries. or from using this ransom to
ﬁnance the revolution. the university requires

that at least three custodians be present. The '

ﬁrst is to run for the police in the cvent.of a
crisis. the second to martyr himself to invoke
national outrage (and thus rcsisit paying the
ransom). while the thirdwill make certain that
revolutionary zeal docs not replace any

university dictates. and insist that.cach '

individual be properly attired in sneakers
before entering.

Though I admit empirical research is quite
obviously nccdcd to verify my hypothesis. I
believe that it concern forthc nation is the only
rational prctcxt the university can offer for
pnying these men to do absolutely nothing. I,
for one. am quite thankful we have them; for I
sleep better at night knowing the gym is not
missing.

Phil Jackson

The Best Medicine

To the Editor:

In this time of shortages we must do all we
can to preserve and expand our resources. One
commoditythnt secmsto he in short supply
thcsc dnys is fun.

It is my opinion that the Central Park
Shciks should be cited for their outstanding
work in nlleviuting this national crisis. That
their parody of “Mr. Bojangles" (Mr.
Ahromovitz), from my observations,
generated a substantial amount of this
precious element is justiﬁcation enough for it.
but there is more. The Jewish merchant image
has been it source of‘good‘jokcs for a long.
long time and still is. as the Shciks have
demonstrated. 1 ask. can we afford to let this
fertile posture lic fallow?

I might also point out to Mr. Murgolin,und
nnyonc who feels its he docs. that the guitarist
who sung the song was Richard Licbcrson and
remind them of the virtues of being able to
laugh at oncsclf. Laughter is a cure for. not a
source of. hatred rind prejudice. Thank you.

Jerry Barush
Co-Chnirman Coffeehouse
Committee

The Albany Student Press fest-rm

[he rule rig/u I0 prim or edit Letters In the

Editor. Submil [rum (mew/um to CC

336 ,lirr consideration. Keep Ihbse cards
and learn coming, folks!

 

 

 

 

, y , .
to all there problc n tiresome-n among'many for the w: a society
is capable of reacting to  overbearing crises. A recurring reaction that hasbecn snuprurge of
anti-Semitic sﬂtil‘l'lgl‘lts. . _ ’ '_ I . , , ' -

In a recent article by I.F. Stone in the New YorkRsvlrwofﬂookmhejourngl”‘ ho
familiar with the_ tacticsvot' arbitrary retribution. wards usaboui the possibilitics‘ofha 
American chih Community. Stone says. “History empty and painfully demonstrates berth:
safety of Jewish communities depends on the welfare of those among whom they live.

No one can deny the freedom that‘ch's‘hiitic enjoyad‘in‘thc’liiiitcd StItcs.3Thcargumen th
America is historically f rce of itnti-Semitism is‘truc in thcrcn'rethst Jé'wa hsvcncvcr had torirll'
the kinds of outright discrimination reserved for blacks. Indirinsi,snd othernon-wh'itu. Butto‘
argue that because Jews, have lived in relative peace. ofthat because they have managed, to
assimilate themselves intothc afﬂuent middtc.clsu..thcy are ufé from persecution in not only-

ignontnt. but it is the most dnngcroul. precipitant vicwﬂof all.

We have all heard the stories of the holocaust too many times. ‘For young Jews. thcy are its 7‘
much a port of our growth as any other lesson in life. Occasionally we have dabbled with the  _

speculative notion of how Germany's prc-Hitlcr years compare with America today. But
unfortunately the real lesson remains uncomprchcndablc. There is the belief among both
Gentiles and Jews that Hitler forever wiped out the possibility of massive persecution of the
Jews. that somehow the grossncss and butchcry of the German society instilled in all of us the
revelation that it is never to happen ngain. ‘

It can happen again and thcrc are signs that point to that conclusion. American chs are
inextricably linked to the fate of Israel. Most American Gentiles cannot fully understand how
vilnl Israel is to the American Jewish community. Aslong us the interests of Israel were linked to
the political and economic intcrctits of America there was no problem. But now the opposite is
occurring. '

No longcr is Israel the only essential tool to combat the Soviet inﬂuence in tthiddlc East In
addition. Americans will not support Isrucl if it menus no oil. i.c. no jobs. no travel. and so on.
Anyone who believes that America will stand behind Israel till the bitter end is in naive and
thoughtless individual.

In America morality always plays second ﬁddle to economics. lit-sides. the moral position of
lsnicl. especially in regard to the Palestinians is becoming less recognizable and Israel's
ohslincncc in the face of growing pressure to work out the Palestinian dilcmmn is feeding more
fuel to thc anti-Zionist. anti-Semitic sympathies. The threat is that a large majority ot'Amcricnns
will not tolcrutc America's involvement in an Arab war and the case that our involvement rests
simply on the strength of if" inappropriate Jewish inﬂuence has already been made by none
other than the head of the Joint Chiefs of Stuff.

It then becomes easy to broaden the scope of anti-Semitic sentiment. 'l'hc argument mny
sound like this: The “Jew” Kissinger signed an agreement with the North Vietnamese. “than
South V ietnum goes Communist which will happen within the year. 55.000mcn suddenly receive
a cnw epitaph: “They died in vain." Then there are all tthcwish lihcruls. Jewish radicals. .lcwish
intellects. and Jewish politicians likc Bcumc who has to lay off workers. and Steingut who
interferes with an investigation of another ch‘s nursing homes and how he chcnts und
dchumanizes his patients.

. Instantaneous;

I write this simply because my grandfather died in Auschwitz thinking he wns at German. I
know that | always was and will be it ch.

 

HOW novou THINK
MOST Progltgyoun AGE

You fight forciean sirsndclean
water. You cut natural foods. You
practice yoga. You are so much for
life. And you are somucb against

More Amcmn' people long.
betwcaitheagcsofl5md25dic - ltwouldbeunthinkablcfor
in automobile cradles than in any you to wittingly kill mother human
other way. bet

At least half of those deaths
are almhol related. And the drunk
drivers who cause roost of them
are tutdcr 25. Sometimes. many
times. they kill themselves.

One of the rmst dangerous
things you can do isget drunk and
drive home.

You can change it. You
have to.

You march against the war.

It’s not drugs.

“8v _
So then. why is this
7

ldnn'twdtopthlhd' Infldon‘t
mommsmm'

. w v
Corrlidttc.

 

uammwmw~mmmmum

WakT-WLM‘W—sM-‘u sch... ._. _

tog—nu.»

15;.

 

 

 

FEBRUARY 4, 1975

.

tl‘i'i'gel. .ix "rt-tr lsliiI-i i.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

rm rel ".l'itttltlfl‘l': ‘.'.liii‘.2'..'.i‘. m3. 333;” 

PAGE SEVEN

,t. 'v»‘~¢n’«

 

.“w

 

