 

 

_ frengthenved to avoid waste of ex-
ting energy , resources and new '
e'eearch' must be conducted to

  

rgy‘ problem epitomizes
‘ emmas we face.” said

 

remarks to the Ilth Annual Nobel
Conference} held at Gustavus
Adolphus College.
New Element

Seaborg won the chemistry prize
in l95l for discovering a new ele-
ment, plutonium. and he is a former
chairman of the Atomic Energy
Commission.

‘ He said science and technology
are in a race against time that must
be won through more efﬁcient use of
resources and energy. Scabtirg said it
is a race to develop a standard of liv-
ing high enough and well-distri buted
enough to achieve some social and‘
political stability throughout the
world for the next 25 to 50 years.

Human Survival

Seaborg said science must concern
itself with research essential for the
survival of humanity, concentrating
on the ﬁelds that will help ease man
through his “turning point" in the
coming 25 to 50 years. Energy and
food production are key elements. he
said.

Speaker after speaker emphasized
the need for seeking basic scientific

Secret Service Guards

WASHINGTON (AP) Democratic
presidential campaigners are gaining
valuable political fringe beneﬁts
along with their new Secret Service
protection although the agency says
its men won‘t “participate in the
politics of the candidates"

Campaign aides say the Secret
Service can't avoid helping a can-
didate when it sets out to guard him.

.Agents are deploying to guard
four candidates now or in the near
future. with more to be covered later.

In the process. the government
will help finance the candidates‘
campaign travels and take over
much of the advance work that is es-
sential to a presidential candidate.

The Secret Service has issued an
eight-page. red. white and blue
booklet describing what it will and
won‘t do its it seeks "to insure a safe
environment for your candidate.“

The Secret Service refuses to say
how many agents are assigned to a
candidate on grounds that would
breach'sccurity. But a Democratic
campaign. aide said as many as 20
were assigned to each candidate at
the height of the I972 presidential
primary season. Anothersaid he had
been told that about 12 would be
traveling with his candidate.

Chartered Airplanes

Stringent campaign spending
limits have curtailed the use of
chartered airplanes by the can-
didates this year. but with the Secret
Service aboard, that may change.

For example. Rep. Morris K.
Udall may switch from small planes
to a faster. more comfortable. 20-
seat turboprop when he uses
chartered ﬂights. Secret Service
agents are expected to occupy up to

l2 seats. meaning the government
would pay more than halfthe charter
expense.

Government advance work is an
even bigger boon to the candidate.

. According to the Secret Service
brochure. a day or two before a can-
didate visits a city. an agent will go
there to check out and coordinate
security arrangements.

“Other advance arrangements are
made. including logistics. coordina-
tion of press identiﬁcation and the
designation of emergency sites . .
. " the booklet says.

A Democratic politician put it in
pla)‘n language. "The logistics of
moving the candidate around
suddenly are in their handsand they
do a first-classjob." he said. “That's
a big advantage."

This allows the candidates‘ ad~
Vance men to concentrate on
political tasks and not the detail
work of mapping routes and other
logistics.

The Democrats due for protec~
tion now or soon are Alabama Gov.

PAGE TWO

George C. Wallace. Udall. Sen.
Lloyd M. Bentsen of Texas and
former Gov. Jimmy Caner of
Georgia. Sen. Henry M. Jackson of
Washington hasn‘t yet decided when
he wants the Secret Service tojoin
him. and former North Caroiina
Gov. Terry Sanford has declined
protect‘on.

The I976 campaign is the third in
whichthe Secret Service has guarded
candidates. a practice begun on June

discoveries even if the practical '
‘application of them is not readily ap‘

. parent. ' u

“History says fundamental
research will pay of ." said Julien

'Schwinger. for the University of

California at Los Angeles. who won
the I965 physics prize.

“Harnessing solar energy on a
large enough scale to provide elec-
tricity for all purposes may take a
hundred years." cautioned Nobel
Prize winning physicist Hans Bethe,
69. of Cornell University. Ithaca.
N.Y.

While solar heating advances may
help. he said. such heating of homes
now being tried would account for
very little of the nation‘s total energy
need.

Democrats

6. I968. the day Sen. Robert F.
Kennedy died ofan assussin‘s bullet
in Los Angeles.

The Secret Service booklet says
that in I968 the agency protected ll
candidates who made 700 separate
campaign appearances. In I972. the
Secret Service was assigned to
protect I3 candidates who made
6. l00 appearances.

The box score in I976 is sure to be
considerably higher.

 

Bebrendt/Hel Parcel/Amsterdam

 

   

 

 

Student’sAbduction
Leads to Seduction

FORT WAYNE. Ind. (AP) A
former college professor has pleaded
guilty to reduced charges of con-
spiracy in the "fave experiment" ab-
duction ofa Purdue University coed.

Thomas R. Lippert. 25. was to go
on trial in U.S. District Court here
on kidnapping charges Wednesday.
Instead he pleaded guilty to two con-
spiracy charges.

Lippert was a professor at
Southwest State College in
Marshall. Minn.. when he kid-
napped Susan Cochran.20.a Purdue
coed from Little Falls. N.J.. in
November I974. according to court
testimony.

With the aid of a coffin-shaped

black box. he attempted to make

Miss Cochran fall in love with him
while she was being heldin the base-
ment of Lippert‘s homein Marshall.

authorities said.

“It is a strange looking contrap—
tion." U.S. Atty. John R. Wilks said.
“The bottom is lined with L400 nail
heads wired to a fence charger like
farmers use on barbed wire fences.“

According to the original kidnap
indictment. Miss Cochran was forc-
cd to lay in the box Wearing night
clothes ttnd was subjected to elec—
trical shocks.

Three weeks after the abduction.
FBI agents found Miss Cochran un-
harmed.

Lippert. twice married. was an
assistant professor of business ad-
ministration at Southwest State
Collegeatthetimeol'the kidnapping.

U.S. District Court Judge Jesse
Eschbach ordered Lippert to un-
dergo psychiatric testing for 90 to
ISO days prior to sentencing.

 

 

ASPecte
the Albany Student Pull monthly magazine
debuts/hr the semester on Tuesday. October [4.

Got any home recipes? Well. don'tjust sit there! Send it by campus
mail to ASPects. c/o ASP. CC 329. Anything else lying about in your
consciousness you'd like to have Albany State exposed to? Start
typing. and send it with the recipes (or without. if you don't have any)
and we'll set our little typographer on his chair and get him to work on
It. Deadline: NO LATER TIIAN Wednesday. October 8. 5pm.

 

 

 

ALBANY. STUDENT PRESS

'Ar’nln Gelletorl‘erael’e an on

UNITED NATIONS. N.Y. (AP) President ldi Amin, Uganda’s burly,
ﬂamboyant military dictator. made his debut in the United Nations with a
call for the extinction of Israel and advice to American blacks to close ranks
against “perpetual subjugation." “Black Americans themselves are to blame
in a way" for the lack of Negroes in high policy-making posts and state
they should end the “reported divisions in their own

governorships;
friean leader said in a speech to the UN. General

communities." the A
Assembly.

Chrlstlane and Moslem: Flght Agaln

BEIRUT. Lebanon (AI’) Christians and Moslems exchanged fire for the
second night in it row in the Beirut suburbs of Ein Rummaneh and Chiyuh.
and there was sporadic sniper ﬁre in other areas of the Lebanese capital. the
government radio reported today. Interior Minister Camille Chamoun
scheduled another meeting with leaders of Palestine guerrilla organizations
in an attempt to reach anew cease-fire between Christian militiamen of thc
l’halange party and leftist Moslem Lebanese and radical Palestinegucrillas.

USSR Negotlatee Graln and OII Deal

MOSCOW (AP) Premier Alexei Kosygin said today the Soviet Union is
prepared to negotiate separate long-term agreements with the United States
on grain and oil. R. Sargent Shriver reported."‘He indicated that the Sovict
Union would be perfectly agreeable to live. l0 or even 15-year arrangements
with the United States in order to stabilize grain and oil sales and purchases
between the two nations.“ An American delegation headed by
Undersecretary of State Charles W. Robinson is in Moscow meeting with
Soviet officials to wrap up a grain deal that is said to involve Soviet purchases
of five million tons a year for live years. On oil. Sltrivcr said Kosygin
mentioned it as a commodity on which the Soviet Union would be willing to
negotiate for a sale to the United States.

Police Ofﬁcers Jeer Premler Arias

MADRID. Spain (Al’) Enraged police officers attendingthe funeral of three
colleagues slain by terrorists jecred liberal-leaning l’rcntier Carlos Arias
Navarro on Thursday and told him to quit if he had “any honor left.“ Police
and legal sources reported morcthan I50 persons detained for questioningm
the four days since police firing squads executed the five terrorists. all
convicted of killing policemen. Franco spared the lives ol'six other terrorists.
including two women. Santiago Carrillo. Spain's exiled Communist leader.
was quoted as saying itt Milan. Italy. that his party was ready to overthrou
the Spanish regime violently if the opposition forces of the center. left and
right fail to agree on a peaceful change.

Klaslnger Submits Slnal Documents

WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of State Henry Kissinger insisted Thursday
that the administration has submitted to Congress all documents containing
“assurances and commitments" that are part of the Sinai agreement.
However. it was not immediatelyclear whether the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee has accepted his assurances of full documentation and would
stop short of pressing for publication of all understandings with Israel and
Egypt. “We are approaching it on both sides with the attitude that speed is of
the essence." Kissinger said. “A solution satisfactory to the administration
and Congress will be found."

Government Argue: for Conspiracy Law
WASHINGTON (AP) A top government prosecutor today defended the
controversial federal conspiracy law as “the most important weapon
available" against major drug traffickers. Henry S. Dogin. acting head ofthc
Drug Enforcement Administration. said he expects federal authorities will
rely increasingly on conspiracy charges to crack narcotics rings. He spoke at
the opening session ofa National Conference on Organized Crime sponsored
by the Justice Department for about 400 federal. state. and local law
enforcement officials.

Ford Declares NYC a Disaster Area

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford on Thursday declared New York City
and parts of central and southeastern New York State a major disaster area
because of flooding touched off by tropical storm Eloise. The disaster area
designation entitles the areas to such federal assistance as temporary
housing. debris removal rind low-interest loans. New York Gov. Hugh Carey
asked for federal disaster assistance for New York City and II counties.
saying damage estimates from the flooding totaled more than$l25 million.

Wollett Cltea CSEA Ae Reckless

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The state‘s chief labor negotiator called the state Civil
Service Employees Association "reckless" and "irresponsible" Thursday for
adopting an irrevocable no-contract, no-work stand. “I am surprised that
any public employee organization would act this irresponsibly in the face of
the state's current ﬁscal crisis." said Donald Wollett. director of the state
Office of Employee Relations. On Wednesday. delegates to the CSEA‘s state
convention at Niagara Falls gave their leaders authority to call a strike
against the state if there is no agreement on a contract when the current pact
runs out next March 3|.

Pollce Alerled to Would-Be Klllere

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Authorities in upstate New York and Vermont
remained on watch today for three persons who may have left Montreal bent
on assassinating President Ford and Japanese Emperor Hirohito. who is
visiting this country. The source of the threat on the lives of the leaders was
not made known.

OCTOBER 3, 1975

  

   

   

 
 
 

   

 

     

   

   

    

 

 

by David Lerner
The word to describe the efforts of

’ a university to salvage a floundering

.department is "quiet."

Quietly. over the past summer.
faculty in the SUNY Albany History
department were requested by their
chairman to recommend consultants
for incoming President Emmett
Fields to revive theirflagging. poten-
tially uncertificd doctoral program.

Quietly. on September I. State'
Education Commissioner Ewald
Nyquist suspended the certification
of the program. and quietly
freshman President Fields ap-
pointed his consultants to quickly
offer solutions to a problem.

Those solutions. according to
Fields. would infuse nationally
renown faculty into the department.
and would appraise the priorities of
a graduate degree in History. It is
difficicncics such as these which
protnptcd the state to revoke
History's certification. Officially.
then. there is no doctoral program.

But there is.

Students currently in the program
will continue. and their PhD. should
they finish. will be recognized as
valid. But there are no new students
being admitted. And there lies the
paradox. When the current crop of
candidates complete the program. it
will have effectively been ter-
minutcd.

'I'crminntion is a possibility which
Fields will not acknowledge. “If I

FSA Operating Successfully

continued from page one

of 551.432. This operation includes
the cafeteria. the snack bar. the
l’atroon Room. and the Rathskcllcr
and special functions. The
Rathskellcr and special functions
was the only unit to show an income
while the rest lost.

Zn hm mentioned that I-‘SA
dropped two food service
operations. One was Cranberry

I.nkc. an ttpstulc mountain seminar
installation. and the other Indian
Quud's Ilenways.

I lie report shows that in auxiliary
scrticcs tltc billiard room. amuse-
mcnt machines. and washing
machines produced increased net in-
comes while the barber shop. bowl-
ing alley. and check cashing lost
money.

Zahm looks to the planned
rearrangement of game machines in
the Campus Center as a new source '
of increased revenue for FSA.
"You‘ll [students] have more
machines." he remarked. “and we‘ll
have an increased income.“

 
  
   
     
   
       
     
     
  

8:00 LC-23
9:00 LC-24
10:15 LC-23

OCTOBER 3, 1975

Saturday night October 4

based any action on the assumption
that there was no program.“ he said.
“I'd be sellingthis place out. We need
a strong History program . . .
period."

Though the Commissioner
removed History from the list of cer-
tified doctoral programs. Fields
said. “I am' responsible to the
Chancellor [ofthe State University]
and the Board of Trustees. Unless
they tell me not to. myjob is to help
this campus."

The potential for a bitter dispute
between the two state education of~
Iiciuls. based on the doctoral issue.
but with larger ramifications. con-
cerns Fieldslittle. “I don't want them
polluting this school. I have a
department to rebuild.“

The three consultants. "Walter
Rtlndcll of the University of
Maryland. Roland Stromherg ofthc
University ofWisconsin. and Robert
Ferrel of Indiana University. were
selected by the President after a
nominations procedure that wound
its way inexorably up the ladder of
the university bureaucracy.

According to History department
chairman Joseph Zacck. all faculty
in his department were sent letters
requesting their recommendations
to fill .he consultants positions. He.
along with other “senior faculty“ in
the department culled a list totaling
40 names. which was reduced to lo
after a meeting with Dean of
Behavioral and Social Sciences

The bookstore. which is leased by
I-‘SA to l-'ollctt College Stores. and
vending business (less soda) produc-
ed a total net income of $57.327 for
FSA. according to the annual
report.

Zahm stulcd that FSA‘s housing
program will soon be terminated. An
FSA—owncd two-fumin house at 2| I
Ontario Street was sold last
December. His rcport notes that
Waverly Place. the only other FSA-
owned rcsidcncc. was “lormcrly
‘givcn‘ to the State for use by the titt-
Ivcrsily over one year ago. [but] still
has not been legally ttcccptcd by it."
FSA lost $4.382 on these residences
during this year.

Znhm poinch out that “the net
worth of the ISA at June 30. I975

was $932340."

' Fields Determmed toga“ ,

 
 
       
 
  
 
     

  
     
     

  
     
      
       
     
  

momma.

m

President Emmett B. Flelde. Iett. wee elded by Dean of Behevloral and Socld Selene” Ilehcrd N.
Kendall In choosing three consultants to help save the alnltlng SUNVA hletory doctoral program

Richard Kendall.

While Kendall himself declined to
comment on the selections process.
preferring instead to defer until the
consultants‘ report is submitted at
the end ofthc month. other sources
helped shed light on the process. as
well as the Dean‘s role in it.

“1 usde Dick Kendall to mnkcthc
culls.“ Fields recalled ofthc selection
of the consultants. “to save me the
trouble. which he did. and hi came
up with thrcc very good men." The
President had first given Kendall a
pool list of about a dozen names
acceptable to him. Fields pointcd
out that input into tltc process was
invited from many sources. in-
cluding both the Dcan and
Academic Affairs Vice President
l’hilip Sirotkin. However. while
“both Kendall and Sirotkin wcrc free
to make recommendations." Fields
said. “I don‘t recall that they have."
He added that they both acted as ad-
visors throughout the selections
procedures. something Sirotkin
readily admits.

An unrelated letter in the Albany

Student Press recently written by the
three consultants. indicated that
they were fairly well acquainted with
the Dean. a relationship of which II
few other faculty were curious.

l’rcsidcnt Fields stated his posi-
tion clearly. “I make it clear that
these are rni'consultants. I‘m the one
who wants ‘ctn. mainly. I told the
department that l wantcd several
outside consultants. . .to me. direct-
ly.“
"I‘ll depend heavily on these peo-
plc." Fields said. “But the final deci-
sion will be minc and mine alone."
'I Itcir report. he said. will be com-
plete by the end of October. “I
wnntcd it done quickly. to get good
faculty here by September of I976.
We have to have it finished by the
end of the month to give us time to
implement some of the recommen-
dations. We would have to sta rt now
to rebuild by next year."

Though Commissioner Nyquist
has already de-certificd tltc program.
Fields is proceeding on the assump-
tion that it is a reversible decision.
“The Commissioner has been very

Hartley Responds to Audit

continued from page one
a particular stiles firm. Hartley
said. howcvcmhal scvcral purchases
had been "tnisintcrprctcd" as split-
ordcring and had actually been
justifiable in light of their expedien—
cy. Accordingto him. thcsc l4cascs.
out of tttorc than 700 purchases. in-
volved onlySIOJIUO out of the total
expenditure of $20 million.
Generally. University officials
seem to bc ugrccablc in theory with
several of the procedural and

 
   
     
        
       
        
 

Jewish Students Coalition proudly presents

THE FIXER

BASED ON THE BOOK BY
BERNARD MALAMUD

$I.25 with tax cord

$7.50

SEX. DRUGS. VIOLENCE, RAPE. PROTESTS. ETC.
Like Io gel involved}l You can report on these and olhcr topics/or m.-
Albany Student Press. .lu.r1 come to [he NEWS HEPORTERS
MEETINGS every Sunday night, 8:00 to 9:00 p. m.. and every Thurr-
day nigh! from 7:00 to 8:00. The ASP needs you!

$.75 JSC Members

COST:

without lax card

SA Funded

managerial recommendations ofthc
auditors. but to implement tltctn
would require substantially more
manpower. which translates ittlo
more money. Hurllcy said that
"the Univcrsity would like to llllli/L'
some of thcsc proposals. such as a
sophisticated managcmcnt control
system for t Iic Computer Center. but
no new cxtcnsivc hiring is planned
bccuusc ol cutvbucks in this year's
budget.

clear. more than once. that the
departmentisfrectoreturntothellll
pending improvement." He added
that the Commissioner was were ill
his own efforts to rcbttlld the
program. He said however. that he
has no plans to return“: his con-
sultants‘ report to Nyqtllttt. ltol.‘lll
fact. even to SUNY ('Illtllctllltll‘
Erncsl Iloycr. though the President's
personal report will lirtd llll way In
Iloycr‘s office. Iloycr is lltc itupwltu‘
to all state university and college
presidents.

Fields said that should the coil-
sultants rccommcnd importing new
faculty. he had no way of knowttltt
whethcrthttt would tlcccxhltlltt‘tt tllh'
missul of an equal number of current
faculty. 'l'hrough attrition. early
retirement and budget shuffling.
Fields explained that there were
ways of avoiding the dismissals.

Members of the History lucully
scenicd unconcerned with the tou-
sultttnls‘ task. Kendall llirr. tumth
acting chairman. hilltl the
recommendations were requested
while he was on \ucntinn. lvull
Sleen also said that he wasn't illicut-
ly involved. and added. “I don’t
think it concerned anyone m the
faculty who the consultants are.“
l'hrough periodic lllt‘tllilllltt With
them the faculty members all) Illlll
thcy hope to keep abreast of lilt‘
progress of the consultants. I be men
will work from their own campuses
and will visit Albany occasionally.
lhc faculty members repeat that Il'h
all academic lllllll the President nub-
IIIIIS his own report.

"I‘m tltc pivot man III this." l‘lt‘illh
said. "It‘s my game."

Student Payments Behind

continued from page one

ty apply strict measures to correct
the backlog and to ensure that
students do not register without
adhering tothe University‘s policy of
bill payment.

FSA was criticized for its policy of
continually increasing board con-
tract rates. even though food service
profits topped $198,000 in l972-73.
These increases. and higher profits.

were used to subsidirc losses in cash
salcs of meals and to nl'f~sct lllﬂlttllt III-
currcd by tile FSA-owncd Mohawk
Campus facilities and the bookstore.

The report also criticiled nuuingc-
ment practices relating to the com.
putcr center and its operations,
payroll procedures. the expenditure
of funds and use of facilities llll
alumni activities. and campus mall
operations.

 

   
    

 

‘ 'Fontcr‘s'tic Lights
Great Disco Sounds
New Super-Low Prices

[ a ,
III’ARIZIIOUSIE a ‘_|
1095 Central Annoy..-va '- 4594!“,
APPEARING THURS FRI SAT

 

 

vvv Vv v vvv vvvv

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Greed Island Transit .'

V‘vvv

'PAGE THREE

  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
 

     
    
   
    
   

 

  
 

