 

 

.4. We...» .aa-«ers

mm‘wmw
x» .chk e

KM:

4M,‘% "\m
-..~.A..../



a MEETINGS

Atom, other, new. a. 4' M: ’

will artAltimnlOsiad  meeting an Monddy, in theAlden Main lounge at 7:00pm. This ‘A
is part to'all interested students. it you went to do sotnethlng tomaka Alumni better, please

_ a p , meeting. g .
The Protect.er Infill-Intent Club invites'all  who are interested in becomin in I edl -
viran ' issues to’lts llrst meeting  F'allrl975 at 7:00 p.m., Mon.,’ Sept. 29,'in SS in".
. tlnde'rgradjteta Political ScienceAsseclatlen lllhold ' ' ' '
in cc ‘ My "a". I V w a mandatory meeting, Wed. Oct. l,ot7p.m.
Daltz'l Cab elSUNYA inlennotlon and disdussion'open lo all. Tuesdaysat 7:30 p.m. ltooom 373 Cam-
pu en . . «

Duplicate bridge Game meets Weds. at7 p.m.. Iaglftners Class at 6. All welcome. Cash prises,

~ relrasltments. For info. call Andy at 7-7705.

‘ f O
Albany State College Republican Club will meetet 8-30
_ . p.m. in HU 27 (Basement) on Thurs. Oct. 2
Eitecutlve Secretary at the State Voung Re bllc , D .
terested are urged to attend. For inlo call: $12-52“). on. smwpl wm out.” h group A“ in.
I e ‘ e

SPORTS lVllNDE

Women's Swim Team begins practice on Mon. Se . 29, at 3:30. All ‘ to t d
Manager also needed. Call Bette at 4394514 orlC'ooclt Hoar at Adg-égsbelorlilll? a" “mm.-

Due to the overwhelming interest in bowllrfg, the. Jewish Students Coalition iso an' ' 'ts
litre-mural bowling league (for all bowlersl No matter what your average Is) Awyorlznlivqhb 
terested please call Sam at 7-7874 immediately because we wont to start as soon as possible.

slit: Table Tennis Club meets Monday nights sFarting at 7 p.m. at the 2nd Floor Men's Aux-

SUNYA Woman—interested in having a lull Satulda . ' ' ' ‘
y morning? Wh not otn WIIA Iawlin — I «
terested persons please contact Joyce R. balsa—43603“. Call 1-; p.m'. or anytime alter. 10:th
. .

Wrestling—There will be an organisational meeti l . ll ' ’
in "w wrumng Rm. ng or 0 those interested on Fri. Sept. 25, otl p. m.

Judo Club meets in Gym Wrestling Room, Titlesda .s at 7'I m Th d ' ’
7:30 on Thurs. For inlo call Andy at 7-7705 or annie as 75787;." W ("6‘ Beginner “'0” mm; a.
C O O

OFFICIAL NOTICE A

Operation EP begins lor Juniors 8. Seniors in the School of Du
. ' . . slness Monda , S t. 29.
with last names beginning wtth A thru D must come to BA 36] on Sept. 29 or SOYta p‘lcpk up thyritzlsee't‘:

Attention 15C Members: There will be no sbrvlces. on Sa.t

. . urday, Se t. 27. A ran at t d t ‘

gosﬂgngazlﬂpzle lsraellilrtgklbany. Th'e grou: will be leaving at 8:12 am. lrgm thpe InsigneausavdllSlll:
. rau wt e eov' t : ' ‘

ques'iom m" FOUL in“. mg rom ere at5 l5 p.m. to attend Stmchat Torah Servtces. Any

lnlormation on various fellowships inclu.din . . '

, g the Danlorth and Fullb ht F H ‘
Scholars Program and ‘the Marshall Scholarships is available from RoberltgH. F7e§thhAZSI2lISeLTJllz
deadline date for receipt ol applications in his office is Oct. 20. I

No'. 0 h a l . . . s -
a. 2rzc56spfnreg‘ygge2rggl a meeting ol the Faculty StudentAssociation membership on Friday, Oct. 3,

Attention: Mathematics and Science Teaclling Mbiars in the Classes of W" and 1979. There will

be an inlormation meetin th ' ' '
sap" 29' a. 7:30 pm. i"gags aIlaaA‘lbany Mathematics Science Teaching Program (AMST) on Monday,

GET IOLVED I

SASU the statewide student lobby needs an ' ' ,' ' ’ " will In
vices coordinator for the SUNYA campus. ll interested call Gory at 457-6542 or 472-8620.
Q Q 1

Interested in meeting people” Peo l '
I . p epasstngthrough Alban needa lace to t l '
ll you ve got the room and the Interest, drop Into Middle Ezrth, l02p5chuyldr°lllallr<3nnl§mchr:ﬁl

become part at the Crash list ’ ‘ ' ~ - ~
"w CC wad‘ 0‘" 1 an” 1 Pwne're compiling, or call Marc at 7-7950 orJim ot7-8933.Stgn up inside

SCI-

. s e

Alumni Quest’s

Pse- Parents
Weekend Party

Friday Night Sept. 26
9:00PM—Alden lower Lounge

 

because of limited space,
there will be a limit of
how many people are

allowed in

ll

 

 

 

 

 

Demonstration :Mostunusuai

 

gagtmaeta‘r ot phat
o r c s e e

“0% g, i" y ml at would allowthe
rap y'e it entry has been the view came a. l

of the tremendous technological ﬂdVIlrthIO'llllndaglle

the "old at hot re I n
“Hug-plume" gpmghy since Alfred Stel Iitz started

apartment window. no system has ever been devel-'
gnglmst can do the things a View camera le capable

The Toyo View Is oeslgned to take lull ed t
the unique capabilities of Iar e V." lilo at
I" "IV "'“ll'llml ll your own°mlliliilt3ilfm°ww

1051 Foster Ave. Schenectady, New York
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ssq‘mh Nursing Horn t I ' I
Meet at the clrcletlt 

min are mm to: «an si'sitsu '
~ It Gary at 457w: or to

.t s‘ maid Albany Great art... herball'on top, tomorrow, Sept. 27, as the Great no
.ayecliport Gocden Eagles. listen to MUA, 640 AM as Doug Ii Harv bring you all the
action, live starting at 1:25 p.m. with Al’s attic, Also, John Fallon will be on the ﬁeld 1
players and coaches throughout the. game. All on WSUA — the Spotty “o.

PIOY bY Play
(“king to it.

The lnglish Dept is featuring an CU Day a series ol readingsContemporaryAmericon Drama 5
1 pm Humanities 137. _ - at.

The Diary elAdam and lve.,A one act msislcol directe'd by J. DeRuvo. Auditions: Oct. l 2_g.3o
9:00 p.m., tab ll—PAC All invitedl Bring own sheet music, ' ' ‘

, e e
‘ Musicians needed. Drums, bass, llugol horn or trumpet. For musical production on campus. Collin

2496, or leave name on Theatre Dept.‘coll'board.

I i t
Everyone knows that when it come to throwing a party; the best parties are thrown b
what better way to spend a homecoming weekend, than by coming to the party of 32:37?“
sored by. the Greeks at this campus. It will be held in the Colonial Quad Flogroom. on Sat. Sepl 
8:30 p.m. where you will be able to indulge yourself with l2 kegs of beer at a minimum admissla
charge of only 3.50. ' '0"
n O Q

The SUNYA Feminist Alliance is sponsoring a wine and cheese party today, Fri.. Sept. 26 anh
Woman's Resource Center, Cooper 100, State Quad., from 3 to 5 p.m. All are welcome. ' a

The Deseret String band is appearing this.weeke'nd at.the Freese Dried Coffeehouse, playing o|d
Tlmey Music, from 8:30 til midnight. CC Assembly Hall. Free with tax, 5.75 without. Refreshment;
"available. Volunteers are always needed. For info. call 457-4735.

Dutch Ouadl’arty—in the U-lounge. 9 p.mt leattlring Tied Fish 5. Co. $.50 ‘th Q d -
Tax Card. All others Sl. w. W curd'wswnh

Solo Actor will perlorm at SUNYA: John Stdwart'Andelson willa ear on O t. 19. t8 '
Stage. For further info call PAC Box Ollice at 7-8606. PP c a on me Mum

Celebrate the 26th Anniversary ol the Pebpla's hepublic ol Chinall Fri. Oct. 3, at 7:30 p.m. at the
First Presbyterian Church, on State and Willet Streets. Refreshments, movies, arts and (rolls. span.
sored by the U.S.—Chino Peoples Friendship Ass'n.

'I

Film on Martin Saslre, prisoner-activist. Thurs. at 7:30pm. For location contact Tom at 472-8754, Nuns
cy at 434-845l, or Inlo. Desk. Sponsored by People for Socialism.

Women, interested in forming a Feminist TheatFe Grdup, call 438-3886.
D

. I . ﬂ 0
Efforts are being made to establish a unit at Omicron Delta Kappa, the national leadership honor
societylor students and laculty. ODK members lrom previous institutions and non-members interested
informing a local circle, please leave a note lor A. Dolan in CC 346.

c e s . r . r
Phi Gamma Nu—Prolessional Business Sorortty—pursutng a better understanding oi the business
world, and career opportunities in it. if interested call Karyn (or Sharon) at 457-7729.

Tap—Jan classes—Beginners, Mondays irl lab llPACfJau, 3-4 .m. T . 4-5 , . | t -d -—
check Theatre Call Board for time. Info. 482-2496. P up p m H mm mm

. i e
The Many Uses of Classical Mythology, an exhibit at photographs and graphics will be m the Parlor
mtng Arts Center, Recital Hall from Sept. 27 thru Oct. 22.

. l ‘ ' . I it ..

oedipus the King, a feature ltlm in color wnh Christopher Pummer and Orson Welles, Directed by
Philip Savrlle, presented in conjunction with the Dept ol Theatre, on Tues. Sept. 30 0M; 1 5 p m tnlCl
and 7:l5 p.m. in LC 23.

. I . .
Going to Church, but don tknow how to get there? Pinetview Community Church sends a bus loDulth
Quad at l0:40 every Sunday morning.

r a a e t . ‘
looking for Christian Fellowship? Albany Evangelical Christians meet every Fri. at 7 in CC 315 for
prayer and sharing.

Local craftsman artist or groups interestbd in .settin . ' '
t , g u booths and dis | it I c cl
Mohawk Campus Cralts Fair Oct. 4, call 371-6941. P p aymg u” WU, S
e .

5 X 2 is comingll

a

Siddhartha—the movie version of the novdl b h i '
' . y H. Hesse will be shown in connection will] German
2:3.azgeoglggggagélgsselgger: VIII" be Itcl‘tree performances on Monday Sept. 29 at 2 l0 In [C 23
. . . . In . t ' »

209 and bah", me Peroormame. ic e s so Sat. in the Campus Center l0to5 p.m. and Humanities
If You have concerns or questions about . ' . ’ ~ ‘ ' ~

. your lile or liberties tn our ursuit of he mass at SUNYA
please call the Middle Earth ca t 4. ~ . Y F pp ‘
a. ‘02 Schuyler Ha", Du'ch Outs“ 57 5300 and 7 530l)anytime between 3 and 12 p m or dropm

a

Dance otthe Gay Community Center, 832 Hudson Ave., Sat. at 9 p.m. Brunch, Sun. at l 30 n m
t e

Toyo-View 'i SALE

Florist
From Japan
BONSAI

FLOWER LESSONS

UNIQUE
FANCY GIFTS

MINIATURE
FOREST SUPPLY
Capital
llsebana Ltd-

306 Central.
Albany
465-1336
Walking distance
from
}Downtown Cami?Us

raring this ad

{for 10% disco-m“

sacraments 26. 1975

raphy have always IIeadeu a
lr creativity. Their choice since 3:533:

ew York skyline hrough his

September 27
kcalc’s Photo

 

 

 

‘ r

neshotltli‘.

 

 

 

 

 

by Jim Furlong

I've often wondered how a good musician
gets discovered. Where and when does it
hbppcn? How much exposure docs a talent
need before someone sits up and says “God-
dammit, sign that son-of-a-bitch. and get us a
recording studio“? Who do you talk to when
you want someone with pull in the music in-
dustry to listen to a long overdue talent? Man.
sometimes it gets cxaspcrating. I mean what
motivated someone to take a chance on
Presley. the Beatles. or Elton John?

Churlic Smith has paid his dues for u long
time. The Albany area hits been blessed with
his brand of blues since the late sixties. Most
people llillk to figure Charlie to bc bctwecn
twenty-six and tliirty~0nc. The fact is, Charlie
is u mcrc twenty-four years old. This
remarkable young mun plays guitar the way
most of us fantasize playing it. With the
fingers ufzt mustcr, Churlic walks. runs. and
dances llCrUSS the frcts. creating some of the
finest riffs ever heard in this area. maybe even
lllL‘ whole country.

l'hc majority of the people reading this do
not know of this guitarist extraordinaire.
Most of you. not being front this itrcn. have u
lot more to do on your wcckcnds than to [like
the time to check out the local talent. I have
haul the good fortune (l‘vc conic lo rculizc) of
growing up in this town and of bcingublc to
watch Charlie Smith develop into the most ac-
cumplishcd and confident guitarist in thcurcu.

He could he looked upon us the John
Mil)’llll of the Albany urcu. 'l’hroughoui his
career many talented musicians have come
illltl gone for assorted rcusmtshavc moved on
I to different things.

As I'm back as ‘68 and '69. Charlie wus in the
limelight. One of his first public appearances
was in :1 local bur ciillcd the “Elbow Room“.
('ltttrlic just Sill. tllcrc iind pluycd acoustic
guitar for it usually unmuslcully oriented
crowd. 'l’ht: uwncrs hard to ask him to lttkcu fif—
iccu minute hrcuk so the clientele would start
buying drinks tiguin.

He had it near brush with success buck thcn.
Schcnccludy at Hull time had a combination
nightclub and concert hall culled the
“Acmdromc”. During its short lift: it htid
muny up and coming recording artists pcr-
lorm thcrc. People like: Led Zeppelin.
Stuppcnwttlf. .llllllS .luplln. Chicago and B.li.
King to name it l’cw. 'l'ltc night nfthc B.Ii. King
Show. Charlie‘s blind. which consisted of
Charlie nn gullur und hurp; Andy Sltziwn an
buss”, Bill Mcnzinlilis on drums; rind llrucc
Bttkcr on organ. played second billing, ll.B.
was very imprcsscd with Churllcnnd usde his
hand to come rind play with hint at Newport.
Unfortunately Churlic was on probation for
smoking that damn“ wccd illld wus not allow-
cd to leave the city by his probation officer.

First Encounter

My first encounter with Charlie was in I969.
lwus ill the impressionable iigc of IS. My ex-
periences with live music up to than time Wcrc
few und far between. Led Zcpplin. whose first
illhlllll was out only it hulfycur wus tippciiring
ill the "Aerodrome". I picked up u ticket for
lhc curly show. Charlie‘s bund aimc out and
played their bulls off for forty~fivc minutes
and uttfortuntitcly got off to let u rttthcr non-
dcscript group culled “Spider” inflict is land of
noise on our cars. I can honestly suy thut
Chitrlic Smith had u lot to do with my dis-
covcry of the blues thiil nighl.Aftcr that. lwus
hooked. I went illlywltcrt: hc wus pluying.
Coffeehouses. uutdoorconccrts.libraries.und
cvctt iln occasional snctik into it night club.
The mini could play till his chops were rtiwund
I wanted to kick out thcjums.

livery freak in the tircuwlllalwuysremembcr
the Sundziy concerts in Washington Park buck
in the summer uf'7l.Thc now defunct “Refer

Swilchbourd" sponsored thcsc Ivcckly events
and Charlie und his band (which at that time

 

included Jim Mennntitis. (Bill's brother on
bass: Bob Levine on drums; Bcrnlc Mullcda
on guitar; and Mike Hopper on suxophnnc)
wcrc one of thc'rcgulars. Mam. it was like Sun
Francisco hit Albany four ycilrs lute. Winc.
pol. beautiful pcople.outdoor theatre. and the
Charlie Smith Band. Nothing also seemed to
matter ul'tur Charlie jivcd your mind on Sun-
duy.

 

“l was hooked. ”

 

 

 

His commund over his audience even then
was tiwcsomc. I attribute this to the sincerity
hr emits while on stage. To watch Charlie is to

.riilcrsttind him. All that matters up there Is

that guitar. He makes you listen to his conver—
sation with his Me. People immediately stop
wllillL‘VL‘I' they are saying or doing when
Churlic starts on it song. llismusicdruws your
response from (llll of your body.

After that summer. Cha rlic headed down to
New York City to work with some people for
about live months. On Christmas Eve Charlie
was sitting up in his room ill the Chelsea Hotel
playing his guitar. l'lc suddenly heard unothcr
guitur copying his riffs from ncross the hull.
llc grabbed his guitar and run across to see
who it was. It was Dicky Bolts of the then not
too famous Allmzin Brothers Band. The band
was in New York for the first time to play the
Fillmurc. Soon Charlie and Dicky were
trading riffs off cuch other. When the rest of
the band arrived he even got to sit and jam
with Duttnc Allntiin. That must have been
sumc Christmas.

After New York. Charlie headed back up
here and has been running the full route of
nightclubs in lhisurca. Up until early this year.
he was involved with is regular group of
musicians that could be seen on almost any
weekend. The band consisted of: Jim Menun-
tills. Mlkc Hopper, John Kecvil on piano.
.ltick Bruno on drumsand the fabulous Laura
Whitney on vocals. This was a pretty tight
group. but all good things (especially in
musical groups) must come to an and; due to
pcrsonul endeavors and growing pains. that

' particular hund dissolved in January.

Charlie's Regulare

Since this! period last winter. Charlie has
decided to keep it sort of weakly relationship
with his musicians. You can go into a
nightclub on any weekend and find Charlie
jamming with is different set of people His
only regulars right at this moment are: Torn

CharlieSing’s  In?! §

Watso on bass. and Sam Furkas on guitar.
Tom Wutso has to be the best all around
buss man in town. Originally from Albany
Tom has a vast range of experience. He hus
played with people like Bully Fccton. the
Young Rascals. l’clcr Nero. Mundrill. and
Edgar Wintcr. Tom has toured with Leon
Russell. Freddie Kingnnd the l’crsuusions. He
also appears on an album by Allan Gcrbcr

(formerly of thlnoccrous) and he also played '

on at Loudon Wainwright ulhum. Those are
pretty goddam good credentials.

Sum Furkus. another local man is probably
bcht known to most people for his jazz show
on W RPI every Sunday night. Sam is basical-
ly a jun. guitarist. Hchus studied undchhuck
Wayne. and knOWsmuny top names in thejazz
world personally. He has u lot going on out-
side ol'jumming with Charlie. Most ofthcjuzz
events in this area get here because of Sam
Furkus. Until recently he was strictly jazz but
of lute he is trying his hand at the blues. The
results are fabulous. Sam is also responsible
for the rcccntjuzr. influence inCharllc's music.

I had the pleasure of spending an afternoon
with Charlie over at his Quail Strcct apart-
ment and lgot some insight into his head and
what he wants out of life. We talked a little bit
about everything and he also played tapes of
some “rough sketches" of songs on acoustic
guitar which he plans to develop and record.

Early Inﬂuences

My ﬁrst question was very unoriginal but I
was surprised at the response. luskcd who was
his biggest inﬂuence of the blues .guitur. He
told me it was Peter Green of the old
Flcctwood Mac. He had seen them at the
Fillmore in New York City in '68 rind while
wutching Green he decided “That‘s me. That‘s
what I want to play."

I didn‘t expect his biggest blues influence to
be is white Englishman. But there it is: not BB.
King. not T. Bone Walker. but Peter Green.
Our conversation thcn iumcd to his current
sound and use of musicians and his attitude
towards music.

Charlie admits that his biggest musical in-
fluence back in the sixties and still today are
the Beatles. He feels that their music has a style
and smoothness that he wants to accomplish
in his performances. B. B. King is also high 9n
his list-Charlie includes B few of B.B.'s songs
in his gigs; 'Aak Me No Questions". “Sweet.
Little Angel“. and "l Wake Up This Mug
ning".

Charlie at prc‘scnt seems to be very content
with his touch and go usc of musicians. He is
serious when he says hcdoeen't want togct too
close to his band. He feels that when you see

 

each other all of the time and play out four or
five nights a week. you lose a frahnus in your
music. Unlike most musicians who look fat
companionship. in order to sound tight,
Charlie wants toimpiovc his sound by dvioa.
his musicians and himselfachancetodisooiir
new directione‘in music. '

The result of this separation seems to be an
advantage when one goes to his Weekend gigs.‘
Every time I sec them. I pick up new mini»
each of the musicians are trying out on each
other. But the main force behind the group is
Charlie. He calls the shots. The band plays
what he plays.

‘Drop-lss' M uelelasse

Charlie is combination performer and
director. His regulars. Tom and Sam, follow
ltnd keep it steady rhythm for him to play on.
Chnrlic likes this. He appreciates a musician
who will start a songat a certain pace and keep
it throughout. This is why you will still see him"
use Jack Bruno on the drums when he can get
him. Jack‘s basic “Ringo Starrlsh" sort of
drumming can successfully keep the pace for
Charlie. He considers Jack the most conifer-
tublc drummer to Work with. prcscntly.

Charlie encourages his musicians to chclop
their own musical style but at the same time
giving him what he is looking for. This is evi-
dent by his selection of “drop-in" musicians.
Bernie Mullcda. a local guitarist who has been
playing about as long as Charlie. had some of
his blues roots with him a few years back. Ber-
nic played with Charlie as well as some very
successful high school bands in the area in the
mid and late sixties. But. as of late, Bernic has
been leaning more towardsjau. He currently
has a group called “Sweetheck” playing
around this area. When his group isn't giggl-
ing. though. you may sec him sit in with
Charlie for an evening. -

On a recent Saturday at the King of Clubs
on Ontario Street.Churlic‘s band played. Tom
and Jack were there along with Bernie on
guitar, is fantastic electric pianisinamcd Lcn
Muscle (who is in Bernie‘s group) and Brubby
Taylor. a dynamite percussionist who has
been gigging with Charlie for the last few
wcckcnds. thn the last set started. Mikc
Hopper. Charlie‘s old sax player was on the
stage. This unexpected reunion of all these
people jivod into one of the tightest last sets
I‘ve seen at any club in a long time. It's nights

rlikc that one which make success seem in-
cvitable.

I suppose success was on Charlie‘s mind but

I always selfisth hoped he was content to stay
in Albany and play for his following. I was
wrong! He deﬁnitely plans on getting out of
this city whether music has anything to do
with it or not. Charlie is quite honest about
success. ‘Ycah. sure I want success. It would
be like a dream come true." He anticipates
nuiionul success some day, but he wants it on‘
his tcrmsonly. Charlie is wisetoipcople-in the
music industry. Before he signs any contracts
he‘s going to get who! he wantsﬁrst. You have
to possess a lot of conf idcncc in your ability to
be able todcmand this and Charlie has it. Un-
til the wit with the right contract comes
along. Charlie is content doing just babe is
now. .
It will be a sad and happy day for this city
when Charlie Smith makes it. But until he
does I'm going to keep track of him here. every
chance I get. I

If you'd like to check him out. he is currently
playing at the Duck Soup nightclub on Fourth
Street in chssclacr. The club has a warm at-
mosphere and it's worth the dollar cover.

Charlic's current line-up is'l'oprspnbeq. So“
on guitar. Brubby on percussion and tarry
Jackson on drums. November 5th, Charlie
will do an evening of acoustic guitar and help
along with Laura Whitney on vocals at the
Hermgaust..‘-Blcckcr Library. if you can find.
the time. go and die this tnpn's boogie blu.‘ J

 

 

