   
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
      
 
   

:sm- . V

.r» a.- .-.‘.«

.5...

0

Also

Hundreds
of

Remnants

Sizes
4’x 12’ to 12’x 20’

 

slightly irregular
use as car mats, door mats,
or make a colorful rug costing only
$8.00 for 6’x9’
$16.00 for 9’x12’
$22.00 for 12’x12’
$27.00 for 12’x15’

 

$44.00 for 12’x24’

 

 
 
 
 

 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
    
   

GUSTOMER
GUARANTEE

iiyqutbn'tiayorgmpetwtmyw

mummtﬂlali‘lgﬁitmm
m .

Witt “It meant

OVER 2000
RO0M SIZE
notation It mm the me

In the am. See mry enter
. . . m tin. Subject in prior ule.

 
 

 
    
 

 

 

 

 

FREE PARKING
AT ALL TIMES!

 
 

I FULLER ROAD. ALIA“ (I block. tron Clairol In.) “ml

  

  

NOW! 3 Locations tor warranties amaze—tia|lttotm"le.1wpilio.uMank ctr. 
“‘ - . was: Iril at '10 ltiop'or'l an. nun-1' CASH AND
Your Convenience. enamelsqun. CARRY on I H

 
  
   
  
   
    
  
 
 

Mg”... -.,‘.._.. - .N.

 

The Allen Center: "Not suittclenily distinct . . . .

NYPIRG Sues Legislators

creases iii salary Kiitllllltllt said.
Prior, to instituting court action.
N'Yl'lkti “role to all legislators
who receiycd liilrrs. risking iliein to
\olutitiirily return tlieiiioiiey.“Noiie
complied". Ross said. “even thouglt
seyeral agreed that the payments

by Judy .Iaeger

llie New York Public Interest
Research Group (NYPIRG) has

commenced action in the State
Supreme Court to sue New York
legislators tor the additional
payments (luliis) that they granted
themselves on July ll. I975.

l'he payments in question total
more thriii 5800.000 and were giveit
to no ol‘ the 2l0 legislators on the
next to the last day ol'liie legislative
session.

In the press conference last
Wednesday morning. Dennis Kant"-
tnan. an attorney representing N Y|’-
IRti. announced that the judge had
signed the "Order to Show
Cause"(tlte preliminary step in such
.i case) and set the hearing date as
next Friday. September l2 at 9:30
.r.m. in the Supreme Court
Courthouse downtown.

In its court papers. NY i’lR(i cori-
tended that the piiytiictits violated
Article 3. Section (iol‘the Slate Con-
stitiitioti that prohibits legislators
l‘rorn iticreasiiig their own salaries
dtrrirrg their elected term of office.

While signing this year‘s
supplemental bill. (iovernor Carey
took cr.tical notice ol'the payments.
and State Comptroller Arthur Levitt
t'clused to issue legislators cheeks
until Attorney General Lelkowitl.
ruled iiti their eoiistittrtioiriiIity.

M r. i.etkowit/ found the
payments legal. "The Attorney
(icneriil‘s opinion is that these
payriienis are not salary increases“.
Donald Ross. director of NY l’lRU
rtttd a piaintill iii the case said.
"because they weren‘t in el'l'eet at the
beginning at the legislative session.

thus. in i.elkowit/'s opinion. they
are neu payments. arid not in-
creases.“ Ross lound this to be a
“tortured interpretation that hardly
strains the facts."

Ross claims that "legislators
thetitseli'cs have admitted to NYP-
|R(i that they iiay c heeiicotintittgon
these payments since the begiriiting
ol the iegislatit esessioii." “Moreover.
lie said. "they are grouped with
salary for the purpose oi‘eomputiiig
pensions.“

At the Wednesday morning press

to warrant Its continuation.

cont'eretice. Kairlinan told reporters
that Ire believed the payments were
hastily issued due to it new state
finance law that became el'l'ective on
September I. allowinga taxpayer to
bring suit agaiiisi the legislature to
prohibit illegal expenditures of
money.

the payments read to reporters
ranged from $l000 to $9.000 per
legislator. and were paid l'or such
positions as being "tanking minority
member oi the aging committee". as
well as to the minority whip.

Legislators are normally reini-
bursed l'or travelling expenses to and
train Albany from their homes dur-
ing the legislative session asol'ten as
once a week. as well as per diem ex-
penses while in Albany. "‘l'ire monies
they allowed themselves are in-

    
   
 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 
    
   
   
   
 
    
   
 
   
 

slowsity

  

" according to the Academic Priorities Committee.

were iit bad taste.

 

New York.

Martin (iarbus. ati attorney from
New York City. will argue the case
lot' the plaintil'is (NYPIRG and

Ross).

 

dowitiy
NYPIRG attorney Dennis Kautman claim legioteton‘ luluI were

lewd tie-lily In I train ottort to avoid being wed.

'I’IRU is risking the court [or
(Ila dcclaraliori that the suppleiiien-
ail payments are iiicgril. (2) an iii—
junction permanently claril'ying the
law which prohibits such payments
to legislators. iiitd (J) an injunction
ordering each legislator who receiv-
ed such pay uterus to the State ol'

 

SAllén Center to Be 

 

Out After 3- Year Existence

by Merle Abrams

the James l3. Alleti .li'. Collegiate Center. established in I972 as an
“experimental interdisciplinary curriculum in the Social Sciences. will be
terminated by the end oi' this academic year. as a result oi'l'oriner university
I'residctit Louis 1'. liciie/ct‘s decision last June.

the decision \\as made alter a recommendation from 'the Select
Committee oti Acadetiiie i'riorities stated that the'Allen Cetitcr was "not
sufficiently distinct to warrant a special program which lays claim to a

signtltcaiit ittiestiiiciit of resources.“

While state budget cuts created a need for the reinoyal ot‘ \‘iii'ious degree
programs. l‘aculty mcni hers Deborah Kaut'mari and (ieorge Ir'rangos feel that
it \\as one ot the tirst progratiisto be cut because ol'its "experimental nature."
l'riingos. a history teacher at the Allen Center. also l'cels that the program
sullcr'cd Iroiit a luck at "constituency." He explains that "the Allen Center
had no potter and no it tends. Many new suspicious iii a plrice that gi'cu oitt

til the ’till‘s,"

According to Hi. Seth \\. Spcilniait. Dean ol the \lchi Center. the
program \\as intimated hetnccn Whit-1972 to "establish a neu college “I
admit students early. as well as to initiate a neu curriculum lot'
undergraduates based tilt the liritish ()peti Ultl\et'slly."

()riginally lauded by the Carnegie l-oiitidatiott ‘to :zdnettake :in
cspct‘ititental. lime shortened degree (less lime « More Options

Document). and

illlilltll’i/Ctl by the Board til lrustces. tthanics l . Allen

Center (trained alter the runner Commissioner ol iii'izcati t" oI .\e\\ York
State) begriii \\itli til students mainly train the capital district." says Dr.

Spellniati. As assist

atil to President Ilene/ct in N70. Spellnian and others

itnolyed didn't lcel the program could “ink on the trptonti eatitpiis "l he

integrity oi the program could best be preserycd iii a tie\\ college."
Although the Allen Center is termed “college.” it is actually an

interdisciplinary major entitled “Man and “is Institutions." \ccot‘dilig to

lsracl."

cyplriiirs lalit a "contracting s
program Ilesibility. is possihlc.‘
change in a course syllabus to suit his or her goals. "Its long as it meets the
ohiectiies ol the course."l~oresainple. ‘oiie student registered lot a coursetii
the Alien Center \iilli a contract to complete the objectites ol the course in

junior lioniiie ()strolsky. the ﬁrst two years ol the program are spent taking
‘iiiiroductory courses in the Social Sciences. while the last liyo years deal
unit the the major institutions tl-Zcouoniy‘. i‘amily'. Education. tiotcrnment.
and ReligiorhMoi'ality ) and air internship." l)r. Speilnian says the internship
program allitiys students to "actually test \\|iat they are learning" otit iii the
"r 'al \\orld" tltrottglr this program. Last semester. internships \\ctc otlcrcd
through the Ne“ York State Assembly. which included positions “Hit the
legal Aid Society. Regional Planning. \eit York Court oi (‘laitiis arid
\ririotis other gotcritriieiital arid economic agencies.

Due to the small student-teacher ratio at tltc Allen Center. lii‘. Spellriiati
y'stem iilrielr piotidcs students tiitli more
' Ihis syslcltt allows thesiudeiri to niakeany

While the Select Committee oti Academicl‘rioritics \\as correct ticd \\ itli a
"high atlrilioii rate among its students.“ ri response report I“ the dcati and
laciilty csplained that leai itigllie \IlenCctiteI' istlrcctpiiyalcnt oi changinng
motor and "S0 pctceiit ol Sll .\\ \ undergraduates chattcc Ilii'tl pltllls tor a

major during the last two years. according to a litiitcisiiy t tillegc study."

their dcgicc."

WSIDE:

 

\\lll Iriciltlate the hamlet oi credits.
'II is dillieitlt to snitch schools or pick ri iicti Iiitljitl at this point. Most
students are going into sociology or political science because it is the easiest
" Still many others lch that the program should

\\ay to tullill their major.
liaic tctiiaiiicd "at least lotig cnough tot those already enrolled to recciyc

FSA Keeps Mohawk-Page 5

 

SUNYA’s Football Offence. . . Page 18

 

Michener on Wasted Time. . . Page 14

 

The Moon Children. . . Page 5

 

Hearts and Minds. . . Page 15

Holy |.i.ti percctit ol Allett Center lrcshrnan changed tlicu major last year.

Meanuhile. an approximate IN} students are enrolled tti tlic \lleitt enter
this year. Many sophomores and Iliilli
traitor to programs olicred on the main campus. '\ list oi cuiiiyalcnl courses
However. as jiititoi SucSoiiiegai'stales.

ors are in the process oi changing their

‘

 

 

    

 

 

