 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

Stanley Kubrick. dlroctor at “Dr.
ltnngolovo". “2001: A Space Odyuoy"

“Mmloﬂm

 

“It Connery. m ltd m. to m
WI “m”

  

lay "Wm Ill—mm alum-Ion In “The

"it 

v s... .r I

Golden Voyage of Slob-d."

 

by CS. Snntlno

An amateur film-maker based in Philadelphia makes
a horror ﬁlm about corpses coming to life to eat the
living. Cosh—about $15,000. Profit: well into six digits.
Hollywood produces an offbeat little black comedy
about a necrophiliac adolescent and his ninety year old
girl friend. Distribution near zilch. but it plays forthree
years straight in a Minneapolis theater.

Both ofthese films (“Night of the Living Dead“ and
“Harold and Maude“) and hundreds ofothcrs produces
in the lust tWenty years or so are found in the mixed bag
of cinematic mutations that fall under the general
heading. “cult films.“ '

Attempting to define what a cult film is can be as
difficult as producing one (film—makers would always
like to believe that their creation will be adored by
millions and not become the private property ofa select
group of fanatics). But cult films do have a few
recognizable earmarks. The subject matter is usually off
the beaten track. to say the least. “l’ink Elamingos“. a
now-famous cttlt “classic” is John Water's “exercise in
poor taste" that concentsa war between Divine. a three-
hundred pound transvestite. and Connie attd Raymond
Marble. who run an adoption agency. which gets its
offspring as a result of the forced mating between the
butler and the female prisoners they keep locked tigltt in
the basement. Not exactly family fare.

“Pink Flamingos" represents the kind of sick fringe
that cult audiences are often responsible for. What's the
attraction'.l “The perversity itself." s: s one lilm-goer.
“Weirdness for its own sake. it's a r-aetion to the
tapioca-flavored tnush that is Hollywood‘s stock in
trade.“ It‘s the badncss that seems to count here.

Not all films that have attracted a cult following are
this sort of campy trash. Hardly. in fact. most are nicely
polished productions that for one reason or another
(poor distribution. legal hassles) just never made it.
“Little Murders." a grotesquely comical film adapted
from Jules Feiffcr‘s play is probably one of the best

 

 

   
   

American ﬁlms of the ktst decade. th relatltely len-
have been able‘ to see it—the film has lttlulsscd ll
modest but dedicated hard-core following,

Directed by Alan Arkin. “Little Murders" eoneerm
the meeting and marriage of a most unliker couple,
Alfred. a confirmed apathist who makes his |l\Ittg
photographing dogshit. and Margoric a cock-eyed
optimist whose brother Kenny spend tuuch ot lns poa-
graduate time laying around the apartment tcddltlg
“Lesbians from Venus"and the like. So theattraeuon is
there once again—the unconventional theme.

Some of the bigger budget films are hcllct than
others. “Zardoz”. directed and \\'rlllc|t by ittllll
Boorman. wlto gave us "Deliverance" a lc“ )t'ilf\l1.l€iv
is one of those “what would happen it“ films tltat tan»
refer to as speculative fiction." a more [lltslllltllh
phrase for science fiction.

Sean Connery stars in “la rdol." and has pin on a lllllL'
weight since his 007 days as his scanty loin chill) lt'\ L'.li\
The story revolves around Connery \tho plil)s /’,'\i .l
barbarian who infiltrates what is left of Ci\l|l/.tllit!l It)
the far-flung future. And what is left ol tts. M»
Boorman. An agrarian society in which death and m
have been eliminated by technology. led. \er :nueh
into both sex and death. causes more than .I lcu
problems.

“Zardoz” ranks with the post-2001 sci-ll films that
were panned by most critics but have gained a null
deserved following of cultists.

“0 Lucky Man“ had a higopcningin New Yolkateu
years ago. ran fora month or so. then disappeaietl into
cinematic never-never laud. Directed by | min
Anderson. and starring Malcolm Mcl.)owail. "t ll net.)
Man" is a Homeric epic tale of sometimes loitanate.
sometimes not so fortunate Everyman vl ho [times that
it is neither Wit nor courage nor integrity that plrih out
course. but sheer luck. or lack of it.

McDowalI plays an up-and-cotning collee salesman
who is assigned to England‘s mysterious nottheln

 

 

 

  

j

 

 

 

 

sector. He is captured by the Army. probed by scientists
who want to tttm him into a dinosaur. and finally
thrown into jail in a big business frame-up.

“0 Lucky Man" is malt and potatoes for fans and
cultists for anumberofobviousand one not-so-obvious
reason—it is something of a sequel to Lindsay
Anderson's classic tale of yottth and rebellion. “ll”.
which also stars McDowall as a boarding school
guerilla.

McDowall not only retums again in “0 Lucky Man"
(which is said to be McDowall‘s biography of sortslbut
in the last scene of the film actually walks into an
audition and is hired by Lindsay Anderson (playing
himself) to star in a film. This sequence is more or less
the way McDowall copped the role for “if”. claims
Anderson. Confusing? Maybe so. but if the cultists
thrive on anything it is cinctnatic allusion.

Some cult films are tnore a social event than good
fil tn-tnn king. "Harold and Maude." “Brewster
McCloud." and “Night ofthc Living l)ead."are ‘cen by
everybody when they hit the local "art" theater wand for
no good reason. "King of Hearts.“ for instancc.is more
obvious than “heavy”. bill it packs ‘em in every time on
the campuses. it‘s something that a small group of fans
can call their very own.

l‘hc films of Stanley Kubrick present something ofa
problem. His budget is virtually limitle.  his
distribution widespread. his profits respectable and
nearly everyone has seen something of his. th latu still
compelled to stick Kubrick in there with the rest of the
mo-world of cult films.

inside of the countless millions who know Kubrick is
that fanatical group whose relation to his films; is more
than a casual acquaintance. 'l'hes - are people who saw
"200]: A Space Odyssey“ fifteen times. l'hese are the
people wh know every line of dialogue frotn “Dr.
Strangelovc“. the people who have ntcmori/cd Nadsat.
the talk of Alex and his boys in "Clockwork Orange".

 

Malcolm McDowell above and at right. on Alex In
Stanley Kubrick’s “A Clockwork Orange}!

    

These are people who know Kubrick‘s underwear size.
the people who already have tickets for his next film.
That is a cult.

bloating around somewhere between tltc cheapo
trash and those Hollywood flops isthc unique talent of
men like Robert Downey who have enough money to
pull off a slick production and the foresight to aim at the
kind ofyoung audiencesthat films like "Little Murders“
ettd up with anyway.

Downey started out in the early sixties as a
pornographer and then went "legit" to make "Chafedl
Elbows " “No More Excuses.“ and his first film ofuny
repute. "Pound". After Pound“ came “l’utncy Swope.“
which concerns tltc follies of the first all-black ad
agency. Downey‘s crowning achievement. though. was
"(ireaser's Palace". a totally ittsane version of the
Greatest Story Ev er'l'old which depicts Christ asa 700l-
suited hipster vandcring around anachronistically in
wild west type settings. Downey transforms Romans
into dcgettcrntc cowboys. Mary Magclcnc inloa cltintxy
dance hall girl. and the H oly(ihost hecontcsa man with
a white sheet 0\t.'l’ his hutd with two cut-out eye holes.
“(ireaser‘s l’alacc“ epitomizes the cult film modest
budget. litnitcd distribution. irreverent or off-heat
theme. comic. non-sensical plotline. and a nucleus of
hard-core fans.

And then. of course. there are the specialty cults. For
instance. Ray llarry hauscn. the tnatt responsible for the
still-frame attimation in such films as “Jason and the
Argonauts" anti “lite Golden Voyage of Sittbud“ is
something of a ctllt figure for those who sator his films
simply for the poctty-itt-motion he creates with 3-D
anttnatcd tnodcls that run the spectrum front
mythological flying creatures to flying saucers and back
to dinosaurs. l'larryltauscn fans catt relate. step for step.
the entire anitnation process. not only for 'ach film. bill
for each separate scene in each film.

Such is the nature of dedication among the cult
lollowing.

   
 
    
    
    
   
     
   
   
     
     
     
       
      
    
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
    
  
    
   
  
  
 
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
 
  

Bud Cort (center) and Ruth Gordon (bot-
tom) star to “Harold and Maude".

 

 

OCTOB ' 3. 197,5 ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

