 

u .s;. an, ,Azzsr'f

. r:.~m.-,:~.wr..-s.v.is I?I~L‘k‘f>¢«’r\~rﬁ§|~fliy..1€=m‘ , .

.u-erzmw

‘ ...-,.4\..

eonlfnuerlfrom page one
will be running their punch cards
through the computer. These

evaluations will be made available to -
people who wish to see them in the

ACT ofﬁce.

When asked what she feels' is
AC'I‘s future. Mandellter said. “I
think ACI' provides a much needed
service to the students. I don‘t think
they quite realize it. I’m really hop-
ing that by not coming out with a
book 'this semester they may feel it

'and more people will be willing to
work next semester."

David Coyne. Central Council
Chairperson feels that the ACT
coordinators are justiﬁed in not
printing the book. “The students
should all be punished and they
deserve for their classes to all be
rotten next semester." said Coyne.

Meanwhile the coordinators are
working on strategy for next
semester. "There will be an ACT

' IV." said Rockwell. “we‘re going to
do our best to learn from our mis-
takes.“

can  "

its. in , ..
“'I'hi world caucus‘represents peo-
ple already represented .  l’don't
see that minorities aren‘t represented
on this campus and suchproblems
could be handled by individual cam-
puscs.”  ‘ i
There was also speculation that
the movement to withdraw from

‘ . SASU was being led by powerful

members. upset by their loss at
SASU. and if it was uptothestudent
body. Stony Brook would not
withdraw.

Most of Stony Brook's Senate of-
ﬁcers are favorable to SASU as an
organization. President Earle‘
chrin argued against withdrawal
for more political reasons. “New
York State is in one of the worst
ﬁscal crises in forty years. It is im-
portant that Stony Brook par-

Albiiny and Washington.” :

5 mm: school were toleave SASU it
would lose such services as student
insurance. SASU interns. and
valuable university information.

The communications director of
SASU refused to comment on the
situation. leaving that to President
Bob Kirkpatrick. In a phone conver-
sation he said. “It‘s not upto us to of-
ﬁcially react. It’s the job of the ex-
ecutive committee . . . At this time
we are primarily concerned with get‘
ting Stony Brook people to write
letters and go to Washington."

It is not known how other schools
are reacting to the situation. It was
said that Cortland. Brockport. and
Frcdonia were openly supporting
Stony Brook. but there was no men-
tion of them also leaving SASU.

SUNY hustees Dip Into Endowment

continued from page one
criticized by Robert H. Kirkpatrick.
who is president of the Student
Association of the State University
(SASU) and anon-voting member
of the Board of Trustees. He called it
"a waste of student money.“
Kirkpatrick said he missed his
plane ﬂight to New York City where
the special Board meeting was held
and therefore did not attend. Heand
SASU's other two ofﬁcers have been
traveling around the state explaining
the ﬁscal crisis to campuses.

PRESENTS

“The endowment will beinaking
more money than it would have
otherwise.“ Kirkpatrick said. claim-
ing that the usual interest on endow-
ment investments “is about six per-
cent."

According to a university
spokesperson. howuver. a six per
cent interest would be seen as abnor~
mally low for bonds in today‘s
market and would undermine the
image the university is trying to pro-
ject about the marketability of its

’ bonds.

 

 

‘9
’I/

III! MOST IIIMIIIIIIS
Wllﬂlﬂ MOVIE

"Hilarious.

last time that
‘09. "I
the movies?"

"Insanely
fanny.

nutrsquus
m
lmvmnl."

.utnsov
\uuuwt

”///
llll/lllllliillilllllIIIllIIIliII

mun-me Stairs-mnksn stints-outlaw

ll-lhﬁi‘h-lt—InrnnhnvuI-t‘mlwnlm Nvor- tossi- r-

"n Ii'iisiim :2

,,,,
’0’,

 

\\

 

NOVEMBER 14 and 15

7:00, 8:50, 86 10:00

50° w/tax

PAGE TWO

LC—7

ALBANY STUDENT

$1.25 w/out'.

gone with the wind is coming!!!

fumed oy student association

 

PRESS

Violence Renewed In Lebanon

BEIRUT. Lebanon(AP) Bands of gunmen‘took over Beirut streets ‘I‘hursdtiy
in a wave of kidnapingsthat touched off renewed clashes bethcn Christian
and Moslem militias. Army commandos killed two armed men in an
exchange of fire at Beirut International Airport. The gunfire spread panic
among hundreds of passengers awaiting ﬂights out of the jittery Lebanese
capital. The renewed violence emptied ofﬁces and shops. Most Being
residents fled home. fearing the IO-day-old cease-ﬁre in Lebanon‘s civil war
was heading for collapse. By late afternoon the city was deserted.

Protectors Invade Parllament

LISBON. Portugal (A P) About I.000 striking hard-hats supported by
farmers invaded the parliament buildingand the adjoining garden of Pit-mic}
Pinheiro dc Azevcdo‘s ofﬁcial residence Thursday afternoon seeking wag.-
hikes and a return to a pro-Communist regime. The protesters were piirt oln
20.000-strong contingent camped outside the two buildings for the second
straight day demanding wage boosts of upto 44 per cent and the restoration
of pro-Communist Premier Vasco Goncalves. “We are perhaps living
through the lust minutes of peacein Portugal." Foreign Trade Mittislct‘ .Iorgc
Campinos. a leading Socialist. said.

Ford May Endorse Aid for NYC

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford was described ’l'hursdiiv iii
encouraged by the latest plan to rescue New York City from default. flllti his
press secretary hinted broadly that Fordsoon mayendorse stopgap financial
aid for the city. It seemed apparent that Ford was reviewing his longstanding
opposition to New York aid. Press Secretary Ron Nesscn said the situation it
being monitored closely and continuously. Nessen also stated that "the
situation that we are talking about has changed." This is interpreted in if
further clue that the President might alter his position to meet the changed
circumstances.

Ford Eager to Choose New Justice

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford is very eager to start considering it
successor to ‘rctircd Supreme Court Justice William 0. Douglas. who stud
today he hopes to be remembered as “someone who made lhc curth it little
more beautiful.“ Douglas made the remark to reporters us he lcll iI|\
northwust Washington home for a stop-over at Walter Reed Army Mcdiciil
Center cnroutc to his Supreme Court office. He volunteered iio tlioiiglui
about his successor. othcrthan to say“l have no prejudices against women "
White House Counsel Philip Buchcn declined to comment oit thc possibilut
that Ford might be thinking about appointing a woman. She \iould bc Illi.‘
ﬁrst womnnjusticc in Supreme Court history.

New Hearings Called on Concorde Jet
WASHINGTON (AP) The Department of Transportation has tiL'L'ltit'ti to
call new public hearings on whether the controversial Concortlc sllpcl‘wlllt'
transport jet should be allowed to land in the United States. stilu'ccs \illli
today. The sources said they understood the Concorde would not hc allotted
to iilnd in the United States until the new hearings have becit complctcd illt‘
department scheduled a news conference later in the day to rclciisc lIN llllill
cnvtronmcnt impact statement on the L400 mile per hour prisscugcr plant-
Sources said the statement is morc critical of the plane‘s impact on Iilt’
envtronmcnt than a preliminary statement released several months :igo

UMTA Recommends Federal Subsidies
WASHINGTON (AP) The Urban Mass Transportation Adllllllhllilllllll
joined New Jersey‘s transportation department Thursday in rccouiiitcnding
that federal subsidies be provided for commuter rail passenger SL'I‘HU‘ lilitl
may be disrupted bythc formation ofCon-Rail. U MTA Admistriuoi Rohcil
E. Patrtcclli . told a House Public Works subcommittcc that “lcilrhli
operating assistance for commuter rail services affected by tltc liuiil mm"
plan is appropriate." He said that “modest infusion of ncw fcdcriil Upt‘li’lllllii
asststunce" should begin on Feb. 27. I976. the day rtiil properties from
financially troublcd carriers are transferred to Con-Rail.

Ford to Visit China Next Month

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford will makcaﬁvc-day visit to ruulllii”1d
China early next month and visit Indonesia and the Philippines on his any
home. Press Secretary Ron Nessen said today. He said Ford wrll lciiw
Washington on Nov. 29 and ﬂy to Alaska for an overnight stop and “our 0'
two events." The President also will make a refueling stop near Tokyo tlllti go
from there to Peking. arriving on Dec. 1.

Court Throws Out Murder Indictments

BU FItAI.0 (Al’) The state's case against prisoners allegedly involvctl III “1‘
bloody l97| Attica prison revolt eroded further Thursday when it judgc
threw out felony murder indictments against three fortncr Attica iuiniiics.
The ruling by Justice Ciirman F. Ball of State Supreme Court clciircd
Hcrbcrt X. Blydcn. Roger Champcn and Frank Big Black Smith. although
Champcn and Smith still face other charges stemming from the rcVU'i'

Beams Opposes Sales Tax Hike

 Vplllt (AI’) Mayor Abraham D. Beanie and other top clvt'lt'" C")
officials I hurdsay expressed unanimous opposition to it salcstaxinert-'1'“in
a means‘of averting default. As an alternativo. they agreed that if new “I”
must  Imposed. a hike in the city income and a commuter tax would bt' 1W
regressive. Gov. Hugh L.Carey. prodded by Ford administration officulih
reportedly may request the state legislature to raise the city iiiiles not from If
cents to 9 cents on the dollar.

NOVEMBER 14, 1975

 

 

by Cynthia Hselnll

“Next to every wastebasket. a
recycle box.“ This is the motto of
Lynne Jackson. chairperson of
SUNYA Re-cycle. SUNYA Re-cycle

is a group of students

New” dedicated to the cause

of paper recycling on

campus. Cardboard

, boxes sporting

SUNYA Rc-cycle stickers have been

placed in all the buildings on the

podium to be used as receptacles for
paper waste.

The contents of these boxes are
collected once a week by Re-cyclc
members. The paper refuse .is
gathered in I3 large garbage bins on
wheels which are taken ‘to the
loading dock. From there. janitors
transport it bytruck toa waste paper
company where it is baled and sold
to recycling plants.

Besides actually collecting the
paper trash. Rc-cyclc members are
also responsible for educating in-
dividuals as to what is recyclable and
what isn‘t.

Recycle box refuse consists of
most kinds of paper products in-
cluding envelopes, pamphlets and
manila folders. Carbon paper, card-
botird and lunch bugs are can
materials.

Sometimes Rc-cyclc members on-
counter people who are antagonistic

Feature

 

  Can. I. x  a I
With Its  paper  

about the idea of recycle boxes with -
reasons like. -"they are a waste of
time." “I don‘t want to bother." or"
“what is this little bit going to do?" .
Then the members must assume the'
role of PR man and persuade the
skeptics of the value of the project.

According to Jackson. the going
price for a ton of garbage is $I0to
SIS. though in the past the rate has
sunk to aslow as S4. Aweck's haul of
SUNYA paper trashis usually about
IV: to 3 tons. The Administration.
Social Science and Business Ad-
ministration buildiitgs contribute
the most paper while the Fine Arts
building contributes the least.

Considering that state office
buildings prodttcc 35-40 tons of
paper refuse per week. SUNYA‘s
tonnage is paltry. Jacksonis not sure
whet her this is because they actually
use a greater quantity of paper or
because they are more conscientious
in separating papcrtrash from other
garbage.

S U N Y A Re-cyclc‘s eleven
volunteers are all working for the
orgttniration as part of a class pro-
ject for environmental studies
courses. The students work in-
dividually or in teams. Each person
or group is responsible for educating
students and collecting the paper
trash in their assigned building(s).

chbic Klein. whose job it is to

“Next to every wastabsskst, a recycle box": SUNYA lie-cycle boxes have been placed In'dl
buildings on the podium to be used as receptacles for paper waste.

watch over the Business and Social
Sciences building. is enthusiastic
about the project. "People are get-
ting involved in and conscious ofthc
ideas of recycling and its problems.
Most are coopcrativc and willing to
help."

SUNYA Rc-cyclc has been in ex-
istcncc off and on since I970.
Various piipcr recycling projects
were begun but difficulties

Student Affairs Handles Cheating

by Daniel Gaines

Iz‘tliltir'x Note: This Illt' third in a
.t‘f‘l'lt'.\ about t'lu'tllilrg (ll SUN Y/I.
Other articles will deal with til-
lflfltlt'.\'. opinions mrtl implications.

There were only three cases of
cheating brought to it university-
widc judicial body first year. accor-
ding to Assistant Dean for Student
Affairs I-lcnry Kirchner. Kirchner
handles and refers crises to the
various bodies in thc university‘s
judicial system. “It‘s not the type of
thing that makes it tlicrc." he says.

One cast: was brought by II stu-
dent. and was dismissed. The other
two. brought by l'iiculty mcmbcrs.
were resolved when the students ac-
cuscd admitted gitilt.

Both Kirchner and his boss. Stu-
dcnl Affairs Dcun Neil Hrown.
bclic\c that cases ol'chcatingnrc bcsl
worked ottl between the student and
faculty member involved. Wltcn the
situation cannot be resolved. there
can bc recourse to departmental
coiiimittccs. Kirchner says these
botlics are primarily useful on it
graduate level. When (I faculty
member lcclsllint disciplinary action
beyond his control is needed. he can
proscculc.

Sonic professors regard the
j tidiciul process its too cumbersome.
Scii’itusu ()guru (Economics) fccls
lilfll cheating is very serious: “ lhosc

nlverslty Celebrity Serle
CHAMBER MUSIC
Sunday November 16 at 4:00 pm.

The Cleveland Quartet

All Beethoven Program

Opus 18 No. 6
Opus 69 No. 3

 

NOVEMBER 14, 1975

Tickets: $3.00
$2.00 (students at senior citizens)
Page Hsll, Downtown Campus
State University of New York at Albany

For roservatlons 8i Information, call:
Performing Arts Center Box Office (618) 457-8606 1

kids should really bc kicked otit of
school.“ he says. “but no one really
pursucs the punitive process."
“Prosecuting takes a long time.“
()gurn says.

" lhc disciplinary committcc is a
lot of grief." says l-litrold Cuiinon
(Accounting). “Tcitchcrs nccd tnorc
freedom iii their classes and have ad-
ministration bncking. There is no
recourse here for kicking studcnls
oitt of class." Cniinon suspects that
the rights of stttdcntssomctimcs go
too far.

“ Faculty members sometimes or»
jcct when their statements are not
taken at face value.“ says Kirchner.
adds . howcvcr. that to do of ltcrtvisc
would be contrary to the idea of II
fair hearing. "Thcy have to do some
work." he adds. "we gointo itjudiciul
Itcuring on the assumption that
either side cotild win."

Has Evident-c

Kirchner lruccs lhc action upon
tlic discovery of cheating: “In most
cases the professor already has the
evidence.“ He points otit that they
would u't suspect the Cilcllling if they
hadn‘t the original sourcciii a case of
plaigcrism or some statistical
analysis if they Wcrc comparing ex-
ams. This analysis could include the
fact that only the two students ric-
cuscd of cheating chose particular
wrong answers on one exam.

Opus 130
Grosse Fuge

 

If the professor is not satisfied
after confronting the student with
the matter. he can fill out ajudicinl
case form. Cheating cases are
referred to the Committee on Stu-
dcul Conduct. Il sub group of the
Student Affairs Council. After the
complaint is filed. there is typically
just otic hearing. Kirchner points
out.

Students Complain

Iiotlt Kirchner fllld Brown have
had students come tothcm and corti-
pltiin about cheating. Kirchner says
the most common complaint is caus-
cd by “conccrn that the student not
be forcctl to cheat in classes where
others client and lltcrc is a curve.
There are some real mortil dilcminus
for Our students who have
aspirations for mud and dental
school."

Ilrown secs chcnling us part of it
more general problem. including
loss of reserve mttlcriul in the library
and it luck of willingness on the part
of students to Itclp each other.
"Factiltyntcmbcrs hnvc told me that
they find more students coming to
iltcm when they miss work because
they don‘t trust their pccrs." The
future?

" lhis is goingto call for an all-out
study its to what are the community
standards of academic society." says
Brown.

necessitated thcir termination.
The project. prior to the one
currently in operation began in

‘November I974 and lasted until

March I975. Its structure was
similar totltat of’thc present project.
The only difference was that the
paper trash was collected byjanit ors
ritther than students.

The demise of this project came
with the paper shortage in March
and April. when the market for
recycled paper droppcd sharply.
Virgin materials Were cheaper to
purchase tliuii recycled products.
The going price for it ton of paper
dropped to $4. According to
Jackson. the Plant Dcpurlmcnt felt
that it wasn‘t worthwhilctocontinue
the project since the University
produced only I to 3 tons per week.

In May. fltc ideas for pttpcr rccycl-
ing at SUN YA begun ancw. Jackson
and another sludcnt. Rttiidy
Alifano. met with Vice President for
Management and Planning John
Htinlcy. and Dennis Stcvcns and
Frank Kopf of the Plant Depart-
ment. A proposal to hire two
students at $2.50nii hour was made.
Oiic strident was to be director of
SUNYA Rc-cyclc. thc othcr respon-
siblc for picking upthc pnpcr wastes.
Jackson bccnnic the student director
and Aliluno. the publicity man and
pickcr-uppcr.

A week before school started this
full. Alil'nno distributed boxes
throughout the buildings and thou
t‘csigncd. 'I‘hc st udcnt volunteers

took his place and so far. according
to Jackson. all has gone Well.

Dennis Stevens. while in favor of
the theoretical idea of the project.
has doubts as to its practicalitv.

“To date. the scrap paper that has
been gathered has not been of suf-
licientquantityformctofeelthatthc
project is that beneficial to the cam-
pus community.“ said Stevens.

Jackson‘s plans for the fttture of
SUNYA Rc-cycle includc extending
the prttjccl to the quads. as well as
hiring sttidcntsto pick up the refuse.
This may become necessary since
many of the present voluutccrs will
no longcr be involved with the
orguni/ulion at the citd ol'thislcrin.

Stcwns is very much opposed to
hiring students. “Rccycling is II very
good idcii if it continues on it
volunnry basis." he said. “If thc pro-
jcct is looking for additional dollars
it will probably furl."

Jackson‘s most ambitious plan.
however is to instilutionalilc the
recycling project within SUNYA. by
making ita working part ol'tlte tin-
iversity. "I sec this mow as part ofa
larger thing.“ she qllililfIL'd her state-
mcnt wrth tltc fact that the Eit-
vironmcntul Protection Agency in
Washington proposed legislation
that would initiiduictlic cxistcncc of
recycling projects in all Federal
fucilitics. I'his Icgislntioii is expected
tti go into effect within the next two
years. Iltc State legislature is also
talking about this I) pc of legislation
for state buildings.

 

will not bcttirncd onttl night
until the Spring.

 

TENNIS LOVERS!

'I'rlli‘t‘ Now!
The court lights lit the Dutch Quad courts

 

 

 

 

Mark V Travel Club Inc. presents

$59.00 to Miami

Round trip via deluxe motorcoach
NYC to M' '
Jun. 2. I976 to Jan. ll. I976

Iﬂml

Luxurious accomadations available at

Marco Polo and Desert Inn

Call N ow—457-7806

Prize International Cinema

"IlEXlllIllEll"

(France)
A joyful denunciation of the
work ethic

"A funny picture, peppery
humor and biting dlalog. ”
N. Y. Tlnm

Fri. & Sat., Nov. 14 I 15
at I pm.

RECITAL HALL
PERFORMING ARTS CENTER
Tickets: $2.00 It 81.25
State University
of New York at Albany

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 .i. ~A..«..... {a gunman; ‘

 

 

