          
         
     
   

 

 

 

 

.. you...

  
 
  

percussion instruments he 
Duane. Blabkbird’ﬂMc

     
   

f We live a world of automation. Mechanical computers hold files on our
L activities Rocket explosions put people on the moon; Jet aircraft carry us

about Modern technology is taking over in every'as'pect oflif

7 1mm nit  r
“- ‘ w groupsplsyedthernu

 

 
 
  
 
 

one number f'Blackbird" w

   
  
  
  
 

  
 
  
  

mid-y dish ‘ . , sis of! , .. . '
Herbie-Hancock andvthe Headhunters and “John McLaughlin and jthe-~
I 7 l nu Orchestra play electronic jazz-rock and it reflects the
technocracyof today's society.‘. 7 ' ,  _ y ‘
' Both groups had synthesizers strewn all over the stage. McLaughlin had
one for every string of his guitar. Hancock uses one to run his voice through.
along with a compliment of others. Their use of electronic gadgetry insearch
of new sounds' reflects the society‘s obsession to advance its technology. And
the dissonance that is abundant in their music reflects the confusion of the
people of that society in coping with a world run virtually by machines.

John McLaughlin has been a forerunner in the electronic jazz-rock scene
and from him came the likes of Billy Cobham. Jan Hammer and Jean-Luc
Ponty. One would expect a great performance from such a man but this was
not the case last Sunday night. While McLaughlin in a guitarist
extraordinaire and master of electronics. his band falls short of his expertise.
* The Orchestra has been reduced 'to live members including McLaughlin.
Only Ralph Armstrong on bass. and Michael Walden on drums have
returned from last year. The reduction in size affords McLaughlin more
freedom but his old band members are sorely missed.

Herbie Hancock. a veteran of Miles Davis and Donald Byrd. and his band
the Headhunters put on an excellent performance. Their music is a mixture

1 ’ltsoeoetieame um

 

I

Imam; John nets-stint: it. had a saint-um synthesise! for «a. string or hlo
guitar.

Pete Seeger’s Nephew
Carries on the Activist Spirit

ol‘this land workingin many areas of

M . _ ._ an
treats of the evenin
‘on stage. _ , N I
ar. and Bennie Maupin on reeds r
beautifully on_their solos. During V
slked up to Maupin and they both churned out a ‘
flashy licksto'gether. While they Were wailing away Hancock gave a signal.
andth‘e restiof thebandv proceeded chromatically up the scale. Their solos , V
followed theband up. Higher; Higher. Highest. The result was ecstatic. The ’

' band yeti out the number aridt‘he audiericewas left'shouting for an encore.
' ‘ or one an number and then split. . r

y Y K ght on guit
deserve special, notice 'too'. They combine

   

by Gloria Jean

Performing tonight and

‘ tomorrow night at the Freeze-Dried
Coffeehouse will be Nicki Seeger.
When asked if being the nephew of a
well known folk singer was a help or
a hinderance. Seeger‘s answer was.
"It‘s nice. but in the end it is your

 

 

 

PAGE 4A

own performance that really counts.
All the relatives in the world won't
help you when you are up there and
performing.“

Born in America and raised in
Holland. Seegcr grew up with music
all around him. Since his return here.
he has traveled the length andbreadth

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

music—bands. groups. studios—but
single performing is what he likes
best. Diversity is what Nick has
devoted himself to. His songs cover
the gambit from old to new. folk to
blues to country. and some ragtime
inbctween. He has shared the bill

 

with Hank Williams. Jr,, Don
McLean. l’nul Seibal. and Dan
Smith. Asked back wherever he pcr-
lorms. he has appeared at prisons.
fairs. children‘s concerts.
coi'l'celiottscs. hospitals. radio
stations. and concerts. Along with
inheriting the art of music. Sceger
has caught it hit ot‘ his uncle‘s activist
spirit. and so. often does beneﬁts. He
feels playing huiicillﬁ is his most
effective way of helping a cause he
believes in.

“Any problem.“ he says. "can be
solved if enough people put in time
and effort at what theydo best." And
performing isjust what Nicki Seeger
does best.

music
g.

    
 
   
 

 
 

   

 
       
   
    

5 ,

Marble Hancock on keyboards, loader of the Headhunters.

  
  

 
 

 
 

 
  
   
 
 

4 showtorﬂorbto Hanooekl.

Headhuntor's rgultarlst Duane “Bloekblrd”
McKnight steps out for a solo.

  
    
     

 
 
 
 
  

       
  
 
 
   
   

 

  
  

     
 
 
 
  
   

 

Fleetwood Mac:

The Rewards of Endurance

by Paul Pelagislll

In the mid-sixties British blues and rock
were beginning to emerge as a dominant force
in contemporary music. The Beatles and the
Rolling Stones wereiust achieving recognition
along with a myriad of other English artists.
The Beatles, individually. and the Stones.
collectively. are still around but most of the
writers and musicians from the early to mid-
sixties are gone. One of the groupsthat has en-
dured and changed is Flectwood Mac. who
will be appearing at the Palace this Sunday.

In 1967 'two former members of John
Mayall's Bluesbreakers, John McVic and
Mick Hectwood. formed a group which still
bears the same name. However. these twu and
the name are all that remains of the original
band. Along with McVic and Flcctwood. the
first Hectwood Mac consisted of Peter (irccn.
Danny Kirwan and Jeremy Spencer. till
guitarists. McVic plays buss guitar while
Hcctwood is the band's drummer. Willi three
excellent lead guitarists and one of the most
respected rhythm sections in rock. Hectwood
Mac recorded and performed some olthe best
blues. popular tunes and rock and roll in the
past decade.

in I969 l’cter (ircenleft to become it child of
(Bad and Spencer followed six months later.
Christine McVicjoined Fleetwood Mac intlie
summer of I970. having been with Chicken
Shack. She plays keyboards. singsund writes it
portion of Fleetwood Mac‘s songs. In the spr-
ing of I97! a veteran of numerous Culifornitt
rhythm and blues groups. llob Welch,joined
on guitar and vocals. He also wrote for the
hand.

By this time Kirwan. as the lead guitarist
and‘a vocalist. injected his quieter songs and

vocals iolht band's repertoire. He still wrote
some rock songs but not predominantly.
Christine . cVie and Welch also helped pop-
uliiri/c thc tyle of the group with their com-
positions. l I

Ihcn Datliny Kirwan left and Bob Weston
hCL'illllL' the hew lead guitarist. The M ysteryro
.i/t' album was recorded (mediocre in com-
Pilllsttll to tlhcr Fleetwood Mac albums) then
the hand nth into some problems. They broke
up int it while after a few more albums which
next-r tell it lasting impression. Gone were the
c\ct:llL‘lll interpretations of the old. black
hint-x. iill' iocals were still very good but the
giiitui hurl which was synonomous with
i‘iL‘L'Htiittti Mac had also disappeared. Being
mound lot iluite ti while makes a band difficult
to .lmolir to Flectwood Mac returned. This
“on hand this not new pcrsonnul trying to do
uh.” ihcongiiiul members haddone. lt tooka
\llllit.‘ but they learned. Now the vocals are
pntntnuutillhlll the instrumentation is still
illli'

 

( minim McVic stayed with the founders
who lt'lllilllli She writes most of the material
llttit I! plzitt'd. The new additions are Lindsay
iillt‘hllllx'lll‘mI it good guitarist who doesn‘t try
to sound hit: three guitars at once. and Stevie
rm. lllL‘ srt'Qnd female vocalist. Both write. so
in titlt‘C lW Ore. lilcctwood Mac‘s material
mines hot“ it number of sources.

I In‘ plL‘thlldu)’ bleetWood Mac playsii few
tliti niinihuityet they don't try to be what they
onu- itctv- Despite the fttct that the band's
utoththmiirysttigcs are not displayed the final
pi tttitlt'l is Imtanicnt to the fact that creatures
who ciuluic line to adapt to the situation and
to thc titttlt‘l‘llis lll hand.

1

OCTOBER-17. 197s

 

sophistication. ' .
Not usually associated with rock. and directly in
opposition to the familiar images of outdoor blanket

festivals. basement clubs and high school gyms.

But sophistication is the aura that Renaissance L

exudes. A combination of their heavily classically-

. inﬂuenced music. the crystalline voice andlong gowned
presence of Annie Hashim. their recent performance at

Ctirnegic Hall accompanied by a full orchestra and the
name ofthc group itself all contribute to a sense ol'clttss
and culture that is the secret of the group‘s appeal.

Backing up Hashim are John Tout on keyboards.
John Camp on bass. acoustic guitarist and songwriter
Micky Dunford and Terry Sullivan on drums and
percussion. This has been the core of Renaissance ever
since 1970. when Anitic Hashim and John 'l'otit. its the
two "survivors" of an earlier version of the group. ptit
this rc-hirth of Renaissance together.

It all began \vithtlie Yardbirds. from which McCarty.
Relf and Saniwcll~5mitli left to form Renaissance. 'l'hey
ciit two mildly successful albums before l‘out anti then
llaslani joined. When the band broke tip they kept the
name. kept the classical orientation and hired now
personnel. Using the music and lyrics of Dunford and
Holly ’l’lititclicr. l’rologui' was released. Aside from the
tilletrack. which they still perform in concert. this first
album was an experimental effort. There are songs li kc
"Rajah Khan." featuring ati electric guitar and VCSJ (a
type of synthesizer) that coiitc nowhere near the sound
Renaissance has since evolved. '

.‘i.\/lt'.\' Arc [turning was more successful. outlining
more clearly the band‘s direction. Again. the title cut
was the best.

their third album. 'I'uru u/ l/ll' ('m'tli. introduced
them to FM audiences. “Mother Russia." “liltick
Home“ and “Running llitrd" till circulated widely
tlirougliotit thc :iirwmcs. throwing the group headlong
into national prominence.

'I'itl‘u was it titrning point in several other ways. also.
It marks their decision to replace the string of electric
guitarists they employed over the course of their lirst
two albums with Micky Diinl'ord‘s acoustic guitar.
'l'hcir classical influences show most obviously here t on.
"the opening chords of “Running Hard“ and the
instrumental sections of "Mother Russia“ display
obvious debts to Shostakovitch. Rachmaninoff.
Tchaikovsky and Stravinsky.

All Russian composers: surprisingly. in spite of the
Frciich-ltalian connotations of their name there is an
unmistakable Russian flavor to their music. This is
further compounded by their latest release.

Scheherazade & OI/rer SIorier—Schchcrezade. a
subject already covered by Rimsky-Korsiikov. and the

 

 

 

 
  

I

Renalssaneo wllt be at the Palace Theatre this Tuesday

other stories a rather uneven collection ofshortcr songs.
l'liis uucveness only means tbiit Renai ancc must

choose their concert program more carefully; they have

ample ability and material for an excellent show.

 

Opening the evening for Renaissance is Caravans
doing their second Palace Theatre performance this .

semester on their second US totir. They are also back on
familiar ground with Renaissance. who they opened for
it your tigo during their lirst appearance this side oftbe
Atlantic.

Caravan sprang from Wilde Howors. an early sixties
rhythm tllld blues group that also produced talents likc
Kevin Ayers and Soft Machine, In I967. the band‘s
constantly changing membership finally evolved into a
coiiihiiitttion that would. in ti year‘s time. become the
original L'uruvnn.

l‘rom that original group. only guitarist and vocalist
t’ye Hastings and drummer Richard Coughliin remain.
llic multi-itistrutnental ttilents of(icoff Richardson-—
which now gitus the group tiiuch ol'its distinctiveness —
were added to the line-up in late W72. llassist vocalist
Mike Wedgcwood joined shortly before their debitt
American tour ltitc last year. and the most recent
addition is keyboard inau .ltin Scliilhauscii. whose
experience as a member of Caravan began just before
their last [\ihlllly appearance.

llopel iilly. iii deference to till those who snytheni last
month. Caravan will not offer a repeat performance.
they have amassed enough music in their long history
to play and play for hours. but their tour is promoting
their new album as well as themselves. so expect a
relatively large chunk of material from Cunning Slim/s.

Rciitiissancc/Caravan is selling well so far: Tuesday
night might see at sell-out at the Palace. Allthose people
out in the audience can only mean added inspiriitionfor
the artists- two of the best in progressive English rock.

And that can only mean an evening of great music.

 

Photographs by
Photo Service and

Camera Club

The audit Arts Tito wlll  this Ounday at! PM In Page  on “Mike

downtown campus. ‘l’hls ls mum otthe u

ntvorslty's Celebrity Chamberlain lattes.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

. ..,.,._.. -.W.MW

  
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
      
  
  
   
 

' J

PAGE 5A

 

 

 

