. ax».-. -. .\- -.._ ./~u~,~ aﬁmwﬁ.‘ “WA-.W

“The Educational Testing Service

(ETS) is the.greatest mind-control
industry in America.” Donald Ross.
director of NY PIRG. charged in-his
speech Monday night. Ross claimed
that ETS served the needs ; of cost-
eonseious. formula-fixed ad-
misssions departments rather than
students whose fees actually support

ETS. “The result." Ross said. “is that ,

tests which originally were conceived
as aids have become rigid yardsticks
determining who shall advance on
the educational ladder and who shall
be left behind .“

Ross announced that the board of
directors of NY PIRG had approved
unanimously the creation of an
Educational Testing Service com-
plaint center to collect information
on students‘ experiences with ETS
and to develop patterns of practice.
“We will not be able to solve each in-
dividual problem." Ross said. “but
by cataloguing the types of com-
plaints.forthefirsttime studentcon-
sumers will have data to judge ETS‘s
performance.“

Despite the fact that ETS is based
in Princeton. New Jersey. it is
chartered in New York State and isa
New York State educational cor-
poration. “It is appropriate.
therefore. for NYPIRG. a New York
State student organization. to in-
vestigate ETS." Ross said. He
declined to speculate on what ac-
tions NYI’IRG might take. stating.
“it will depend on what fuels are
revealed."

The NYl’IRG local board at

SUNYAvmade available exclusively
to the ASP copies of a" report on it
meeting held 2/2I/75 at which Jon
Levenson. SA Ombudsman. Dr.
Richard Farrell, Assistant to the
Registrar for Records. Robert
Squatriglia, Personnel Counselor.
and Ira Birnbaum.~ SA vice-
president. were present. The subject
of the meeting concerned “student
difficulties with ETS via
L.S.D.A.S.". (l' he Law School Date
Assembly Service.) The Registrar

naturist mo  of students
applying to law ‘sdtool whose

transcripts were “lost or misplaced”.

by ETS. Art Mallin. chairperson of
the local board. said “Some of these

people may have had their

professional careers ruined became
of ETS's negligence. We can't let this
continue. If this situation is typical

across the country thousands of.

students must be having rouble with
ETS. NYPIRG hopes to do
something about this."

Five Quad Seeks Money
for Continued Service

Five Quad Volunteer Ambulance
Service has been in operation since
October of I973 providing emergen-
cy medical care for the University
Community. In this time they have
made 298 calls to distressed students.
Approximately 90 members main—
tain the 24 hour aday service. About
tWo-thirds of the members are cer-
tified Emergency Medical
Technicians. having completed over
l09 hours of training. If Five Quad
did not exist. emergency medical
care could cost you 540-560 and it
would take 20-40 minutes for an out-
side service to reach you.

As this isa free service. FiveQuad
depends heavily on contributions.
Therefore. they are presently run-
ning their annual spring fund drive.

students. The brochure explains that
Five Quad provides emergency
medical care to all members of the'
University Community.

__________-_

(ZNS) Attorneys for the “San
Quentin Six" have ﬁled a series of
motions claiming that the CIA. the
FBI and other police agencies were
directly involved in the death of
black inmate leader George Jackson.

Jackson was shot to death in l97l
as he allegedly attempted to escape
from San Quentin prison. The San
Quentin sixaresix inmates who have
since been indicted on conspiracy
and murder charges stemming from
the violence during that “esutpc
attempt.“

According to motions filed with

Brochures have been sent home to the California Court .of Appeals,
the parents of undergraduate Jackson wasdeliberately"sclupf‘

r. z - Illlillt'

Total.

The lazy way
to take care of your
contact lenses.

comfortable your conta
lenses can be. And
cleaner. And a lot
easier to use.

There are two
good ways to buy
TotaIW—the 2 02. size

 

You may not even be lazy.
Just very busy.Who has time for a
solution to wet contacts. another for
soaking. still another to clean them
and maybe one for cushioning?
It gets pretty complicated to say
nothing of the expense. ‘

Now there'sTotal? The all-in-
one contact lens solution that does
it all.Total° wets. soaks. cleans and
cushions your contacts. And you
only have to use a single solution.

TryTotatl;o See how much more
ct

Available at:

and the 4 oz. size.Total' 2 oz. has
a free, mirrored lens storage case.
and the new economy 4 oz. size
saves you 25%.

Total° is available at the
campus bookstore or your local
drugstore.

And we're so sure you'll
likeTotal' that we'll give you your
second bottle free. Just send a
Total“ boxtop with your name.
address and college name to:

Total. Allergen
Pharmaceuticals
2525 Dupont Drive
Irvine. California 92664
(Limit one per person.
Otter expires
July 31,1975.)

Illusion Pharmacy
“lo-torn Avonsso

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

V JOHANNESIURG, South Africa (A P) Six terrorists with machine guns
seized the Israeli consulate in downtown Johannesburg today. took hostages
and held out through a series of blazing gun battles'with police that caused
heavy casualities in the crowded streets.

South African Prime Minister John Vorster said in a statement to
parliament two personswere killed and more than 32 persons wounded in the
continuing siege of the consulate. on the ﬁfth floor of an ofﬁce building,
Vorster said his government would refuse to meet anydemands made by the
terrorists.

SAIGON (A P) President Duong Van Minh was inaugurated Monday and
proposed an immediate cease-fire and negotiaitons to end the war. But the
Viet Cong rejected his overature and imposed a new list of demands on
Saigon and Washington.

A Viet Cong statement demanded the abolishment of the Saigon
administration and its army. Western analysts interpreted the statement as
an attempt to wrest still more concessions out of the Minh government its
fighting swirls to the capital's outskirts.

SAIGON (A P) Communist-led forces rejected a proposal for an
immediate cease-fire Monday and tightened the visc on Saigon. lirgh
military sources said the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese appeared wrllrrrg
to settle for nothing short of military surrender.

SYDNEY. Australia (AP) Some 2.000 private courier trucks scurrying
around the streets of Sydney and Melbourne testify to Auslrtliifi's
frustrations with its government mail system.

Mail userspriy the privatceouriersthe equivalent of $2 and up per letter for
guaranteed delivery on the same or next day.

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford definitely plans to run for rin-
presidency in I976. a White House spokesman said Monday iii response to .i
published report that he would not run.

The spokesman replied to an article in this Week's edition of .Vr'iriur'rvl
magazine which says the President told political intimates he would not seek
election because ofhis wife's he' lth and because he felt he could not spend filc
tirrre“(ir"moncy net [on shitth " “m ’ ’

“The President wants it known that this story is untrue.
said.

WASHINGTON (AP) R. Sargent Shriver. the Kennedy ill—illW who “its
the I972 Democratic vice—presidential nominee. says sortie significant high»
level political support “would be extremely persuasive“ in convincing hi hi to
seek the presidency next year.

WASHINGTON (AP) Congressional pressure for quick evacuation of
Americans from Soiitlt Victtiatii conlirtttcd Monday following reports of HE“
attacks on Saigon. '

"We ought to remove all American personnel. including the arrihnssrrdorl
at the earliest possible date." Senate Republican Leader litrgli Scott of
Pennsylvania said following a boitibitig attack on Saigon‘s 'l'nn Son Nlitu
airport. Senate Majority Leader Mikc Mansfield of Montana agreed.

WASHINGTON (AP) Up to 60.000 South Vietnamese I'cltlgccs will br-
temporarily housed at military installations in California. Florida and
Arkansas. the Pentagon said Monday.

A spokesman said 20.000 refugees would he brottglit to each of the thru-
facilities. Camp l’endletou. Calif. Ft. Cliaffcc. Ark.. and liglin Air force
llasc in florida. within the ticxt few days. llc said they would stay at he bases
for 90 days or more.

WASHINGTON (Al’) The sentence of James W. McCord .Ir.. one of tlrc
five men arrested in the Watcrgttte break-in. was reduced Monday to four
months in prison.

U.S. District Judge John J. Sirica signedan ofying McCord‘s sentence of
one to five years. imposed on Nov. 9. 1973.

WASHINGTON (AP) The cost of couch-class air fares will rise on sittitl
domestic flights and decline oti long domestic trips while all first-class itlltW
will climb Tuesday as the result of urCivil Aeronautics liotird decision.

SIIRI'IVI-ZI'ORT. Int. (Al’)'l'he Strategic Air Comniand'sunnual bombing
competition has been cancelled this year for economic reasons. according to
officials at liarksdale Air Force "use.

“The eeonomy,is"austcre to begin with rind we are looking ill the
cancellation from a conservation angle." Lt. Gen. Richard M. llobrrn.
commander of the llth Air Force. said Sunday.

I BOSTON (M’) Dr. Kenneth C. Edclin rclurris to court this week to ask .r
ptdge to declare him innocent of his manslaughter conviction last l'cbr lllll)
In the death of art aborted fetus.

in It briefscheduled to be filed today. the lloston City Hosp ital obstetrician
will ask Suffolk Superior Court Judge James I’. McGuire to oVerturn lllt'
Jury‘s guilty verdict. saying it went against the weight of the evidence.

PROVIDENCE (Al’) Ilrown University. fl confrontation l)t:l\\t't'li
mntortly students and the administration ended. returned to normal during
the weekend with many students enjoying the annual “Spring \Vu-kt-nil"
lesuvtties.
of Win the mm I “hm lily/ft swuigwliicli isunprcecndcntcd ft)l'lillslltllc

'l'otiilstrite unent‘ployinetitpinr liltnilmld- Mommy. ' "
third straight month since tlicml“ rm him": {he hlg‘hm “Email” “w
department renoned. I mm cpmwm “I the I‘m” [ht
llcsr:;";’:mzuiy‘ii-‘:;)lat) :::e)clititrnnuiof a state Senate UOlllllllllCL"lchlllllCti
mum“ me magma“: watltrgllct. of the state Correction Commission in

SW Ralph Murim) KIN kl tlu‘iltlettcy us "week‘s-rid ineffective.
Cumming“ sum his 4mm human. tlrlt'iitnan ol the time and Corrections
"mm mu“, "5 u M. l it's established that the I. orrcctton L titllllilwlill

orni tool.

«implied liy (‘lieryl Wagner and Matt Killlfllltlll

the spokcstrirrrr

APRIL 29, 1975

by Randi B. Toler

“Attica is all of us!" shouted
Angela Davis to the two thirds
black. filled audience in tire Campus
Center Ballroom on Friday night.
Angela Davis. the black militant
communist and former assistant
professor at UCLA spoke to
SUN YA students rind facility as one
ol the highlights of the liOl’SA's
Cultural I'Iiusc Vi Survival Week.
Davis. presently the Co-chrtirnian of
the NzitiotitilAllinnce Against Racist
Political Repression. Ul'lélld the
“brothers atid sisters to begin to
make noise about the Attica trial."

(tune to lluild Movement

"I come because i wanted to help
build this ll‘lthcIIiL‘lll |Altica']. I
know how the brothers of Attica
must 1ch to know that that
prosecutor doesn't give a donut
about their il\ cs.“ l )tt\|s tried to cori-
vincc the audience to attend the
dcriionstratiori on Monday. deman-
ding amnesty for tile Attica brothers.
However. only about one third ol'thc
audience would commit thcmselvcs
to promising to join the
demonstrators on their tiiarcli Irorii
Manning Square to the (‘zrpitol
lluildmg.

Davis attacked Vice President
Rockclcllcr for Iiisuctions in the At-
tica revolt. She was appalled at the
fact that “such a inurdct'cr. 'Mr.

Corporate Reaction himself.‘ is sit-
ting in the White House.“ She
asserted that Rockefeller. not the 6|
brothers who were indicted. should
be on trial. »

Davis also spoke out for com-
rntlnisin. declaring that “We ought
to rejoice over what is happening in
Southeast Asia.“ Site also berated
capilrtlisrii sitying.“You have to have
someone else's blood to be a
capitalist. You show me a capitalist
and I'll show you a blooksuckcr!“

Outside the Campus Center
Ballroom. the socialist groups were
handing otlt literature to the crotvd
waiting in line to pass through the
coat and pocketbook search. Securi-
ty was tight. and this reporter was
stopped for having a compass \\ hicli
could have been considered a deadly
weapon.

Money was also bcitig collected
for the Joint Little Defense Fund.
one of the crises expounded upon by
Ms. Davis iii licr tales of the many
oppressed and abused brothers and
sisters behind bars.

Other events sponsored by the
l-.()i’SA Cultural I’liasc Vl Survival
chk were a iii/7 concert with .lon '
Lucien. irnotbcrconccr't with llnrold
Melvin and the liluc Notes and llluc
Magic. and tr bamnr held on Saint»
day afternoon in the Campus Center
Ballroom.

 

Death Draws,,.5tudent Interest

(CI’S) “My f'riendsthink Innin little strange whch I V

tell them l‘m takinga death course. Sometimes. on still-
ny days. I wonder. too.“ says one lndirinu University
studcnl. She is one of a growing number of students
across the country who are taking college courses on the
plicnotticnon of death.

Usually taught by special cooperating teams from
such academic departments as English. psychology.
religion and sociology. courses on death are being
offered to combat an attitude toward death which many
call “the new pornography."

"In our society during the last 30 to 40 years. dealli has
become a no-no subject.“ reflects Sylvia Alsbury. who
teaches a death seminar at the University of
(‘oloratlo/llouldcr. Many people are terrified of their
own dctilh. she says. becrtusc we live in a death-denying
culture. Willi the advent of hospitals. more people have
been dying away from home than at tiny tiriic in man's
history. so people aren‘t as readily exposed to death as
they used to he. she points out.

Alsbury. tr geriatric coordinator for it mental health
center who deals with terriiinally ill patients every day.
plans her popular adult education seminar around the
idea that death is inci rtrrblc and people should maintain
their Icst for life as though each day Were their last.

‘l’tf"dd this. she firis‘liei students write their own
ohittuiries. get into role-playing situations about death
and talk with terminally ill patients who have come to
accept their own deaths.

The ultimate goal of any death counseling. Alsbury
feels. is to bring patients through the first four stages of
death v detiial. anger. bargainingand depression ~ to the
fifth stage of acceptance. Patients who do this come to
liavc aii "ethereal" serenity and see death as it positive
growing experience. an attitude Alsbury tries to get
across to her students who are not terminally ill.

Alsbttry also attempts to demystify death through
trips to local mortuarics and the use of fantasy role-
playing in which students both act out their own sup-
poscdly impending death and the death ofsomconc close
to them. Some students become so engrossed in their
make-believe deaths that they start crying.

Role-playing plays an important part in their course.
as students take turns acting otit roles of father. sister.
minister and terminally ill patient.

"When facing death and dying. society tells us to role-
play. fakc it and not to llll\'t.‘ it seriously." Dickerson feels.
nntl the classroom skits cmphast/e lhc poitit by puttirtg
sttrtlcntsiu the different roles one may assume in the face
of death.

kirchmoyar

Two on-lookors gaze at the solar energy laboratory eithlbll.

APRIL 29. 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

"   sin...

liebes

Black mllltantAngela Davis in a speech here Friday urged her black “brothers and sisters to begin to

make noise about the Allies trial.”

 

 

(CI’SrZN S) A new sex study at Rutgers University indicates that a illlit
alcohol may make you a better lmcr'.

A Rutgers research tcarii. working under a federal go\crnmcnl grant. has
been giving student voluntccrs shots of whiskey and then showing them
pornographic movies.

'l'crcnce Wilson. the project director. said that the results this far indicate
that subjects with a slight amount of alcohol in their systems seem to be more
quickly and easily aroused than are completely sober  

Wheeled Contraption

by Anne 'l'otten

There is a very strange-looking contraption on wheels across from the
security building.

This “contraption” is actually it solar energy laboratory which is travelling
across the country collecting data and informing people about solar energy.
Ilie lab will visit a total of .‘lll cities in two years. Albany is tlieeighlecnth city
after a little over a year of travelling.

'l'his trailer-laboratory is completely heated and air conditioned by solar
collectors on the roof. There is it control center which opt-rates the indoor
environment.

A computer is located in the trarlcr taking data such as temperature. lluid
flow rates. air flow rates. solar radiation. and valve positions. This data is
sent by computer to Minneapolis where it is unnlyled and then published in
scicnlrl'ic reports. it will be useful iii helping engineers and architects design
homes for the future.

[he lab includes additional unique features. it” of which are supplied by
iloneywcll. There is completely automatic control by means of a thermostat
which has sortie interesting features: a two stage thermostat with a heating
control set at (ill degrees F. and a cooling control set at 7bdcgrecs l‘. l here is
also it temperature and humidity sensor outside the lab which determines if
the air is suitable to be used for indoor heating or cooling.

A solar collector is it combination of insulation. black metal plates. and
glass. l'ubes filled with water are circulated through these collectors and the
water is heated tip. This water is then used as a heat-transfer fluid to heat the
house. Heat pumps are iitiliIed for air conditioning.

the typical collector temperature range is between i70 degrees F in the
winter and 220 degrees I: in the summer. It provides beat anytime the still
crisis a shadow. the collector‘s efficiency goes up to 76%. and the output is
50'7.’ to l00‘5; of the totttl liculing needs. depending on the climate find the
SCllStlll.

If there a re several consecutive cloudy days two storage tanks can beat the
lab for l-J days.

As part of the public relations aspect of the laboratory. a slide show is
presented continuously. informing visitors nbotrt current research oti solar
energy.

All of tire machinery utili/ctl in the lab can be viewed through glass
windows; diagrams also help in understanding the mechanics of the whole
process.

[his lab wrrs originally funded by the National Science Foundation and
lloncywull. but now it is under the control of the US. Energy and
Development Adriiinistrution.

It seems qititc appropriate that a solar energy laboratory should be visiting
SUNYA in view ol‘thc fact liltll ilte Alumni llouseisgoingto he solar heated.
This gives students and faculty nlike a chance to see how solar energy
operates.

The solar liib will remain at SUNYA until May 6th and has visiting hours.
daily from I i am to 2 pair. on weekdays and l l a.tn. to4 pm. on weekends.

PAGE THREE

 

