~x.._,»w~...«... “MHPM'M.

a.

i
i
it
{E
g.

..A~V\.~.,-~W saw: .

. . m mm$n~.m::eemaf-

 . 'b'ylsttySteln

rwould you welcome‘a male belly dancer into your home? Residents of the

, Albany area will have an opportunity to do justthat via theirtelevisions when
, locaistations broadcast selected portions of Telethon '75 this weekend.

As in years past. Telethon will beneﬁt the Wildwood School for
Developmentally Disabled Children. it is set to run for 24 hours, starting 8
pm. this Friday. and. according to eo-chairman Ernie Sprance, will be
“better [than last year‘s] as far as talent quality.“ v

‘Telethon netted about $I6,000 last year and hopes to do a repeat
performance. “They [Wildwood] even wrote'us into their budget." said
Sprance. indicating that Wildwood has come to depend on the fund-raising

event. '

Citing the efforts of “hundreds of young people from the State University
of New Yorklat Albany" in helping “this fine cause,“ Mayor Coming of
Albany. Mayor Connally of Troy. and Mayor Duci of Schenectady recently
issued a proclamation declaring this week Wildwood School Week.
Spranee‘s excitement over the proclamation was obvious: “Even people like
Mayor Corning are getting involved in this."

Betty George. the real crowd-pleaser of last year's Telethon. may do a
comeback, according to Sprance. He emphasized. however, that this is only
tentative. An appearance by WAST sportscaster David Smith is scheduled

for midnight.

“Many Shades of Black” is one act that promises to produce a spark of
variety. It is a conglomeration of ii students from the Milne School whose
ages range from lO-l5. Sprance was particularly impressed with this group
and commented on their enthusiasm and talent.

“Make someone happy" is the ofﬁcial theme for Telethon '75. recently
named the “largt student-run telethon in the country.“

Students Seek Alternatives
To Present Meal Plan

by Maureen D. (lreiss

A task force of fourteen students
came together last week to ﬁnd alter-
natives to food on campus, which
they described as “nutritionally
deficient.“

Coordinators Ed Robertson.
Carol Stephenson and Linda
Hogan. having stated the problem.
asked the other members of the
group to engage in "problem solv-
ing." The first step was brainstor-
ming. Large pieces ofdrawing paper
were taped to the wall of the ﬁreside

lounge and ideaswere written down: .

i. More nutritional foods in present
meal plan (more fresh vegetables.
fruits. nuts and cheese)

2. Vegetarian meal plan
3. No meal contract or have a choice
of meals.

4. Points Plan (as instituted at
SUNYSB) Instead of meal card. a
book of tickets would be issued.
Students would not lose money
when they went away forweekends.

5. Legal Alternatives-Do students
have to takea meal plan? Docs FSA

have the authority to say which ‘

meal'.’
6. Regular Health Department
check-ups. on FSA.
Force-Field Analysis
Force field analysis. the second

step in problem solving. involved
giving feedback concerning the
positive and negative aspects of the
group. thereafter called Alternative
Food Project (AFP).

One of the positive aspects was the
universality of student complaints.
Kevin Daniels. an off—campus resi-
dent. explained. "A lot of
vegetarians have had to move off
campus because they couldn't find
enough substantial food in the meal

con/inner] from page one

ed the justice of their demands.
Later. Central Councilman Dave
Coyne said he was physically
prevented from leaving.

Council member Rick Meckler
supported the EOPSA view. yctop-
posed what he thought was a rush
job: "EOPSA isonlyinjuring itsown
cause by advocating a budget
without detailed speciﬁcations."

in the confusion Fidier tried to get

PAGE SIX

plan.“ Other positive aspects to the
installation for AFl’ were
enumerated:

I. Could mobilize titer groups to
action. i.e. l’iRG

2. Could petition. referendum

3. Campus politicians could make
it an election issue.

4. SA and/or Faculty could
provide support _

5. Group could provide nutrition
information

6. Group could publish a report for
current nutritional analysis of cam-
pus food and send to parents.

Another positive aspect ofAFP is
that. at present, there is only a single
alternative (Kosher) to the meal plan
for on-campus residents. On an
average day. l65 studentsdinc in the
Dutch Quad Kosher Kitchen. But.
according to Maury Grabcl. Super-
visor of the Kosher Kitchen. FSA
loses nearly $6.000 on the alternative
each year.

This brings out some negative
aspects. namely FSA‘s vested in-
terest in maintining the status quo.
in other words. any alternative
suggested must be a money-making
proposition. AFP feels another
negative aspect is that students are
generally apathetic and un-
knowledgeable of dietary re-
quirements. The group's efforts
could fail due to a lack of student
support.

The last step in the process of
problem solving was to ﬁnd
suggestions as to how the obstacles
might be overcome. Each person
selected ideas for investigation. Next
Tuesday at 7 PM in the ﬁreside
lounge. AFP will meet again and
pool the information collected. All
interested persons are welcome.

$950 tacked on to the educational
portion of the budget. One speaker
demanded the full 537.000 from
Council “or yourass . . . ldeelure
war." Coync said he backed the
EOI’SA demands but objected to in-
timidation tactics. One black
member of the gallery called out in
reply: “We were intimidated by what
the Budget Committee did to us."

Then a fire alarm rang out. The

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Above: Cadets-Immune of III- year's ‘l’eletbon Ernie 8mm and Karen allbolt.

of m lront Telethon 74.

Television Airwaves Open

The New York Public Interest
Research Group (NYPlRG) releas-
ed a report last week titled Public
A veers: C able Television's Potential
in Syracuse. “The most important
break-through cable television offers
is the opportunity for ordinary
citizens to gain access to the air-
waves." John Pepe. NYl’lRG's
Syracuse Coordinator said. “The
airwaves belong to the publicand the
public should have the right to use
them."

This report gives Syracuse public
officials. community leaders and
citizens a guide to the use of that
right. The report was researched and
written in l974 by Albert l’alumbo,a
NYPIRG intern. it is based on ex-
tensivc interviews with cable televi-
sion expertsand community groups
to determine the extent of interest in

Council Bows to EOPSA Demands

meeting was temporarily adjoumed
and met again in front of the loan-
tain outside of the Campus Center.

In the cold. the motion to add the
$950 passed by a vote of ii) to thand
Council ﬁnally adjourned around
midnight.

Earlier. Wax had threatened to
resign pending the decision ofCoun-
cil. One source said that other
resignations were a distinct possibili-
ty.

using public access facilities.
“Many organiwtions which could
beneﬁt by usingcablc are unaware of
its potential." Mr. Pepe said. “By
giving short case studies ofthc public
access experience in Manhattan and
Reading. Pennsylvania. NYPIRG
hopes to demonstrate to Syracuse
residents what they can demand for
their own cable system."
NYPIRG's report recommends
that free air time. equipment and
studio facilities be made available to
the public to encourage use ofcablc.
Video Access Centers should be es-
tablished in various lowtions
throughout the city to encourage
people to make use of the cable
system. “Libraries and community
centers make ideal places." the
report noted.
individual copies of the report are
available for 5.50 plus a stamped.
self-addressed envelope from NYl’-
“(6. 730 Crouse Street. Syracuse.
New York i32il2. Ilqu orders
available upon request from Tom
ilauiﬁelti at 2|2-349-Moi).
Legislative Proﬁles
NYl’lRG is a student—directed
research and advocacy organization
that is active in consumer. ctt-
vtronmcntul and governmental ac-
countability issues throughout New
.York State. last year NYI'IRG
issued profiles on all Syracuse area
state, legislators and a guide to
physictans in Onondaga County.

tiowtlty

Talks with
Students

t'tlltlillut'd from page one

which a teacher who is popular \\Itlt
students has tenurc denied. “i‘w
seen this happen. that sotttchotl) l\ a
Very good teacher who Cttpilltes the
imagination of students. a [cachet
who inspires instead of slilli'.g and
deadening, which is what normally
httppcns.‘

Describing scholarly pubhcutmm
as an *inch of a mind'sutahn."
Lederer qualified his dclctlse ut the
popular teacher by saying. "A good
teacher keepsupand is plugged Ill "
According to Lederer. a \vmlln
teacher will natumlly do his slttttt' nt
publishing because he will aunt to
Contribute to his field ot’study, Idmle
ly. Lederer sees the situation .h a
"balance" between ihtm “In:
Specialirc in teaching and those uho
tend more toward publication. \tIlll
everyone measuring up to \tttllt‘
minimtun level lor each ctitcnuu

"That‘s premature; ask lllL'
tomorrow." said Lederer. “lu‘ll
questioned about his feelings on HIV
need or a Dean of Arts and SCIt‘llt't‘s
here. He also declined any othch
Comment on tltc duties such an ad
Ininistrator should pcrlnrin. and
what sort of direction the College u!
Arts and Sciences should be lL‘tl ill.

MARCH 1 1, 1975

 

',,:,,.,.. .

InternationalLead rs   
March 8-15, 22'- 29/ .BarrytoWn, N.Y.

summer 1973

The nature of God and Christ
will be analyzed, as well as
their relevance to orthodox
Christianity, Eastern religions
and a new emerging world V
religious, cultural, political and

no Tokyo Uni-
versity students
and I40 Oxford
and Cambridge
students attended
the 40-day
seminar.

iNl'ERtthTiONAL LEADERS"? SEHiNM
.lCllNT STLDfNT CWEIEMI
qul‘uu ' ‘
but: I." .-

economic system

Social consciousness was awakened as the British students discussed and worked to-
gerher with inremational staff members who had been studying Ihe Principles. Abstract
concepts were given a practical test in this situation. Group interaction led to much m-
dtvidua! soul-searching which was of lasting mutual beneﬁt to staff and students alike.

Spring 1974

The philosophic implications
of’a harmonized view of the
Western image of God and
Eastern principle of Yin- Yang

Participants L‘amt'frum nut/or universities ml the Iz'ut'l (hurl.

Summer 1974

For more information, contact C.A.R.P. at:

336 State St

ip Seminar was held. 120 students from

I Leadersh
r of 1974, the second Internationa lived mgc'hcr for 40 days.

During the summe [201mm France. England and German).

In an, 80 from Korea and
p Sponsored By

The Collegiate Association for the
Research of Principles (C. A. R. P.)

 

 

 

