  
    
   

  
 

   
       
   
  

     
       
   
 
 
 
     

 
   

 

.2..-'\:.:;- --.—.:,..v.,-_. 'q.....~. .v

.brr—"CA. _

 1V  a V A

<~ absurd ‘4? not; ‘-

 

 

. It
‘4 r
5 s
i

  
 

 

 

 Which is‘alsothe home of Andy's Front Hall,
the Bottom Fo'rty Recording Company. the
Eldron Fennig Folk‘ Museum of American
Ephemera. Front Hall Records and Fennig‘s All-
Star String Band. Sotinds like quite a place. And it
began, according to theman behind it all. as “just
ah’obby.” . ' * "
 had only met Bill—who works down in
SUNYA‘s Educational Communications Center
(ECC) and is a regular visitor at the Rathskeliar—
a few days beforehand. After quick introductions.
the initial arrangements were made; it sounded
interesting Then, the afternoon before I was to
visit his house, Bill came up behind me in the
Campus Center and gave afuli-throated rendition
of “Tonight, tonight, won‘t be just any night . . ."
It helps to beslightiyinsaneto beat all interesting.
That evening, I was greeted by a large German
. shepherd who seemed eager to prove himself as a
watchdog; he barked for a few minutes. gave up
and went away. Bill, standing there with his baby
in his arms, introduced us to his wife Andy. passed
her the kid and began the grand tour.

 

 

 .t lliii‘f“  g
’ if

  

nmmnmmmswm

 

 

>1

 om Trades

We started with Andy‘s Front Hall, which is
located. strangely enough, in the front hall. it‘s a
folk music shop with a mainly mail order clientele,
and they sell anything and everything from
Fairport Convention albums to hammered
dulcimers.

On the right is a floor to ceiling bookcase
packed with records. Most of them are traditional
English folk music, either on small American
labels or English and lrishimports. There are rows
of music books on a rack nearer the door, and

' spread out in any available space are hammered
dulcimcr kits and smaller folk instruments.

A few steps away. the living room is the
eletronic heart of Front Hall Records—The
Bottom Forty Recording Company. Here is where
Bill did the production and mixdown for the five
records that have been released on the Front Hall

 

    
      
  

Master of Al

highest honors, and rated the recording quality
“excellent“.) “It's not what you have." Bill
explained. “but what you do with it thatcounis."
The need for Front Hall Records grew from
Fennig’s Ali-Star String Band (an ever-changing
folk group in which Bill plays the dulcimcr and
Andy call the dances)——they wanted to he
label. recorded. and recorded right. Their first album
The usual image of a recording studio is one of was also a [gac'ion to [he generill unzivuimhlml
rows and rows of tape reels, buttons, lights, slide and non—exmenFc—M “90””? mummy [m mUSic.
controls with microphones hanging from every hammered dalc'mei' whl‘f‘h- brings u“ m H“: Bill‘s dulcimcr is about two feet bythree and a
corner of the room. But Bill's set up, modest by ms.‘_rumem upo'.‘ .wmd.‘ rem .Hom Ha” Rcwrds halffcet, withfourtecntrcble groups ofstrings and
professional standards, islocated unobtrusivelyin EXIsiencc an.“ Bi“  “a”? ‘0 tame: [he mumnmd thirteen bliss BFOUPS- The range is “1le mm“
one corner ofthe living room. He records infour du'F'mer' consming. 0! a sounding bnurd 0‘" complete octaves.
channels and mixes down to two, using a Sony ,WhECh grq‘i‘“ 0' Slmllarli’ .wnCd mm‘u‘ m The dulcimer'slurgest contributiontothc world
hanfmle for the master tape. Each channel is arranged‘ "S played by suilkmg mu mm” M" of sound, though. was in the ar-a of dynamics.
cqu‘i’l’ed Wiih DOIb)’ arid 2"1 equalizer. and the two smﬂ“ wom‘icn hammm' Unlike the keyboard instruments of the day, the
reﬁt!“ "r9 "mhing Shim 0f umaﬂng. “5 “dual miter), ls sommhul Chum 1"“ harpsichord and the pipe organ. the hammered
[he quality 0f Front Htlll Records puts many hammered dulclmcr has shown up m “"H‘m‘ dulcimcr gaveto the piano an immediate control
major record companicsto shame. (Stereo Review Places ‘hr.°“gh"“‘ mgwmildf mlmmw‘” "‘ "” “‘ over volume. l’owerorer horr hard or hmt‘soft the
gave Bill Spenec‘s 'I'lre Hammered Dulcimer conmrucunn and playing hung ” “mum-M ‘1 i” strings are being struck sei tltc way for whole new

raw...“ N pm. My“ 1...,Ns...w.........-

.g WWW awn-mu

While the fourth member of Spence“:
family makes himself comfortable,
Bill demonstrated his electronics
equipment for us.

xi” p/rologruplri Ii_r' Iioh ll’ong.

 

o ul'rrit . ,
p xh‘. {y f ., developments in keyboard music. m\ol\rng
rie mome l " i '; '. :rtiut -
y W I700 . (, nu eril’mmmL “m l”'|”' crescendo and dimrnuendo.
er in rerm'rny w ierr 'r super til t or.» r v . .-
. ‘ i ‘ Hie hammered dulcimcr sounds like u thiss
Bl" came up behind me named. alter its creator, the “l’rintarlcorr' .‘.r , , . . . . . . . . ~ . H .. . . . x a s
between a player photo and .i ilrll psithord. and r5. hammered dulcimcr offers no such security. llith
hand is bringing the hammer down on a maze of

according to liill. "deceptncly easy to play" ii)
way of introduction ltc pulled oiii the tiupe/oidal
adrustirrents on the u]
high-order miracle.

lint liill insists that ilrc hammered dulcimcr is
not a difficult instrument to play. “i played guitar
several minutes. working i n counter melodies and and banjo before the dulcimcr. but no real musical
harmonics. playing unit a speed that indicated training is necessary. as long as you're willing to

i

won " . .. . . .
t be just any night." great familiarity and confidence With the find all the notes and pick out melodies . . .I ve
instrument. seen sortie people whojust sit down at it for the

built. Six feet long with over two litititllcri yr: .r u
it allowed a full chromatic scale to he pm t:
somethingthat. unfortunately. the pr t’sctrl . i
of the instrument cannot do. Soon. hour».
hammers were attached to it keyboard. _i.'1\ t. 'n:
world the piano and pushing the harm: 
dulcimcr back into the obscure reulru n4 '

strings in an unconnected series ofstrokes. Hitting
l the right strings is more than virtuosity. it‘s a

in the Campus Center and

instrument. made a ten quick
ttrrting pegs. then proceeded to pick out it
bouncing melody line \\llltottl a moment's
hesitation. lle “em on lot what must hate been

gave a full throated rendition

of “Tonight, tonight,

 

 

With the guitar, the piano. the violin with first time and play.“
almost any instrument there is a point of Al'tcrthc dulcimcr solo we were ushered back
reference. risolid part of the instrument where the into the living room. (Which. aside froin Bill‘s
musician can feel hislingcrs and know where they recording equipment also housesa hugccollection
of beer cans and bottles. Everything from Polish
Luger to Bud.) A request for Jackson Browne
brought Ltllt'fOI‘ Ilie Sky. “It sounds a little edgy.
What do you think. isn‘t it edgy?" He switched to
sorrre earlier Browne. “Yeah. that‘s better. A tnuclr
better job,"

For someone as immersed in traditional folk as
Bill Spence. he is surprisingly knowledgablc about
the modern folk scene. Although contemptuous of
those whothink folk begins and ends with the likes
of Joni Mitchell (“Wow, man . . .." his voice slips
into the slow slur of the drugged-out concert
freak, "  JoniMitehell  and.like  Judy
according to  Collins. man .. ."). ire has nothing but respect for
people like Dave liromberg, Maria Muldaur.

“deceptively easy to play. " l-lnd'd Rommdl ' [hey “HEW”?! With "udi‘iom‘l living room or singing “West Side Story" in the

_._... “WSW! “Of-{cuboui‘m and ‘OH‘ ‘CSl'VHlS' Campus Center. He even posed for some “mad

scientist at the controls" photos in front of his

recording equipment. Our conversation went on

for quite some time. as he pulled out album after

album to play"this song" for us or let us‘ hear “that

instrument". liven if I did cause him to miss most
of the Monday night football game.

With seven quiet acres in Voorheesville and a
hobby that's turned into an enjoyable and
profitable enterprise. Bill Spence is a lucky man.
His name is inextricably linked with the
hammered dulcimcr—he builds them. plays them
and records them better thanjust about anyone
else. And even though Fennig‘s All-Stars are still
doing the coffeehouse and folk festival circuit.
someday i may be pointing out the spot on the
floor where Bill Spence stood when I first shook ,

his hand.
g
PAGE 5A

 

are at all times in relation to the notes. be it the
However, the

frets. the keys or the neck.
Without too much prodding, Bill will tell you
about the time Don Maelean helped him pull the
acoustic tiles off the living room ceiling. And he
and his wife will point tothe exact spot Bob Dylan
stood on at a post performance party they held
one night. “We didn‘t even know he was here at
first. Then someone came over and said ‘Guess
who‘s in the next room‘ . . . but neither Andy orl
said one word to him all night. can you believe it?
We both sorta stood nearby pretending to talk to
someone else.“
It's hard to imagine him that way; Bill always
seems totally at case. whether talking music in his

   

   
    
   
   
  

Bill Spence, from left to right, as a
beer bottle collector. folk music fan
and hammered dulcimer virtuoso. At
far right. his wife Andy tends to the
business end of things.

The hammered dulcimcr

sounds like a cross between

ﬂqutrv-vvmztr ‘ ‘

a player piano and

a harpsichord, and is,

 

 

 

 

   

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS OCTOBE‘ 31, 1975

 

 

