 

 

 

_. “....Mac‘w. ..—-a.’..s .m— x m» \

......»Wm. u..un~»w.-.a..w<.--._. Kwuvuﬁ ..»_~» ~ u »

 

.. ,. C. . “...-rows

sen—.2» .  

rim‘ﬁlicuilie ,.s,mo
‘ 7 capital of the Dominican

ornes said publications
throughout the hemisphere are
pligtsed by dictatorial cotIrol. cen-
sorship. the threat of legal sanctions.
extreme labor demands. terrorism
and‘ proposals to create ofﬁcial in-
formation agencies. v

“Since the majority of the nations
of our continent won their in-
dependence. the Americam press has
never gone through such a deep crisis
as that which it now faces." hesaid.

"As for liberty-and. very par-
ticularly. freedom of the press-the

American continent is. today. a,

cluster of islands of liberty encircled
by an angry sea of oppression and
dietatorships.
Rights Ignored

“The irony of the situation is that
most American constitutions still
recognize the inalienable rightof free
expression of thought. In a good
part of Ameria. there is no doubt
that this right-which is the very basis
of all civil liberties-istotally ignored
or severely limited by censorship.
self-censorship. fear o'rfrustrations."

Ornes said newspapers in the Un-
ited States as well as in latin
America are subject to pressuresthat
could ‘result‘in the destnrction or

cpl auctionsifthey

r: sources of rn-’_,

‘ ‘ station of many states, but it is

not  9y u.‘s. federal law
a‘ majority of the courts";

Newspapers -including’ the'

labor demands, .Ornes said. “Either ..
for ideolo‘ cal'or practical reasons. z

spa: __
UNITED NATIONS, MY, (AP) The United Nations Security Council met

.. ‘ 1 why“ take up Spain’s request'for action to dissuade Morocco from

 

 

 

 

CENSOKet-HP?
NONSENSE! tF WE-
were: UNDER THEAT
or: CENéO‘BI-ttl’, .‘(ou
wow—Duff see. m
m A CARTOON!

 

919:3. norm,

Beame Forsees Chain 0f Defaults

NEW YORK(AP) Gov. Hugh L.
Carey and the state board which has
taken control of New York City‘s

' ﬁnances met Monday to give ﬁnal

approval to a drastic new budget
slash expected to cost thousands of
city employees their jobs.'l'lte pur-

pose of the new 'cuts. ordered by the '

state legislature to be adopted by
midnight Monday. is not only to
save money but to demonstrate New
York‘s willingness to makcsacril'tces
to achieve ﬁscal soundness.

Trying to make this case. Mayor
Abraham D. Beame told Congress
that the city has already eliminated
3t.000jobs since Jan. l.bringingits
work force down to 263.3l l.

State Comptroller Arthur Levitt
said it was up to Beanie. not the
board. to determine the exact
number of jobs to be eliminated.

“The Control Board‘s duty is to
see that the city arrives at a balance
that eliminates the city‘s deﬁcit in a
three-year period." he said.

“A great deal more needs to be
done and Beanie must submit more
details." Levitt said.

Beame also told a House
economic stabilization subcom-
mittee hearing in Wahington that
default by New York. which he said
was inevitable without some form of
federal help. would leave hundred of
millions of dollars worth of bills un—

Army Stores Poisons

l-IDGEWOOD. Md. (AP) Despite a
[970 presidential order to dispose of
all deadly toxins developed in
biological warfare research. Army
ofﬁcial have Iconﬁrmedl they are
storing eight toxin samples “to
research defensive weapons
systems."

An Army spokesman said overthc
weekend the six samples stored here
at the Edgewood Arsenal and two at
Dugway Proving Grounds in Utah
were not covered by then-President
Richard M. Nixon's order because
the order was directed‘at offensive
biological warfare materials.

"the storage of the toxins is in
keeping with Edgewood's mission in
the U.S. Army." thespokesrnan raid.
“The facility it charged with
developing effective defensive
weapons systems."

NBC News reported over the
weekend that the Army was storing

PAGE TWO

the toxins. which were said to in-
clude several strains of snake venom
and a variety of Hawaiian cora' in
large enough quantities to kill 2,000
people.

“The Army says it may need these
items for future research." the
network reported.

“In addition. the Army is studying
nearly I00 different disease
organisms which a potential enemy
might use to attack the United
States."

Lt. Col. Hugh C. Wait. a Pen-
tagon spokesman. conﬁnrted in
Septembertbat the Army had retain-
ed-a small quantity of deadly
shellfish toxinidentical to that which
was found in a CIA laboratory.
llesaid the shellﬁsh toxin was being
kept for “laboratory purposes" and
did not violate the presidential

paid across the counter

As part of a campaign by state and
city officials. as well as by its top
bankers. to convince America that
the city‘s peril is a nationwide
danger. the mayor has made two
congressional and a network televi-
sionappearanceduring the past three
days

“What is happening to New York
City. is. and will be. repeated across
the country.“ Beamc said.

James |.. Buckley. the state's
Conservative-Republican senator.
said he would introduce legislation
providing for a federal subsidy to
restore cuts in police and ﬁre protec-
tion forced by the city‘s cash crisis.

Buckley has previously opposed
direct federal aid for the city but has
sponsored a bill that would insure
bond and note holders against loss
by default.

The heads ol‘thc polic and ﬁre un-
ions havc said that ifthe payroll and
welfare cheeks stop because of
default. “riots and anarchy“ would
result.

Beamc flew back to New York for
the Emergency Financial Control
Board's decision making on the plan
he submitted last Wednesday.

It covers the next three years for
which an $800 million budget diﬁcit
has been projected.

 

NEED A FRIEND?
CALL MIDDLE EARTH
451-5300
24 HOURS A DAY

 

sending 350.000 unarmed civilians into the disputed Spanish 3mm
Sources said Spanish Ambassador Jaime de Pinies would ask the council to
send U.N. observers to the frontier between Morocco and the Spanish
colony. A Moroccan ofﬁcial in Rabat said the only thing that can stop the
march is a Spanish declaration recognizing Morocco's claim to the northern
pan of the mineral-rich territory and offering to discuss arrangements for
handing it over.

Wallace Hints He May Not Seek Proaldency

BONN, West Germany (AP) Alabama Gov. George C. Wallace. on the
third leg of a ﬁve-nation European tour. said today he is 95 per cent sure he
will declare himself a U.S. presidential candidate. Although looking pale illltl
drawn. Wallacetold newsmen he felt ﬁne and was “not having any second or
first thoughts or nonthoughts“ about declaring his candidacy. On his arrival
from Rome late Sunday, Wallace told a radio reporter who asked when he
would announce his candidacy for the presidency. “I may not announce." He
did not elaborate.

Franco Flghts Flu as Spain SIzzles

MADRID, Spllrt (AP) Gen. Francisco Franco. Spain‘s 82 year-old
leader. was sidelines by illness Monday and forced to cancel appointments. A
spokesman at Franco‘s El Pardo Palace outside Madrid said the chicl'ol'stntc
was recovering normally but slowly from a mild attack of flu and could not
hold his regular Tuesday audience for military ofﬁcers. Franco was sidelines
as his government went into urgent session with Morocco over the disputed
Spanish Sahara. Premier Carlos Arias Navarro called the Spanish cabinet
into session as the United Nations Security Council began taking up what
Spain called a threat to national security.

US Agrees to New Wheat Deal with USSR

WASHINGTON (AP) The United Nations has agreed to sell the Soviet
Union at least 30 million metric tons of wheat and corn over ﬁve years. U.S.
ofﬁcials said today. The Soviets. meanwhile. promised to let this country
purchase some of its oil. The parallel deals were completed in Moscow by
Undersecretary of State Charles W. Robinson. They stabilize Russian
purchases from the United States. In addition to 6 million tons a year.
officials said. the Soviets will have an option to buy. without further
government-to—govcrnment consultation. another 2 million metric Ions of
wheat and corn each year as long as U.S. grain supplies do not dip below 225
million metric tons.

Arrested in NYC Budget Cut Demonstration

NEW YORK (AP) Seven persons were arrested Monday when hundred ol
demonstrators. protesting budget cuts for day care center. blocked lrallic on
lower Broadway near City Hall. More than 1.000 parents and employes
demonstrated for more thantwo hours outside City Hall artd shortly helore I
p.m. spilled into Broadway at Park Place stoppingtrafl'icon thcsouthhound
roadway. The demonstration sponsored by the Day Care Council oi .\c\\
York. was called to protest a $29 million budget cut. part of the ltcrrrnc
Administration‘s plan to make up a $200 million deficit in the city's t'rirr'clll
expense budget.

Schlesinger Criticizes Defense Cuts

WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of Defense James R. Schlesinger rods)
accused the House of making “deep. savage and arbitrary cuts" Ill lllt'
'l’entagon budget and appealed to the Senate to reverse sortie ol the slashes
At one point. Schlesinger remarked that defense budgct cuts were “drncn h)
political considerations." Schlesinger called a news conference to launch '11-)
counlcrnttack on congressional budget cutters. In a formal staterrrertl til the
outset. Schlesinger said lhitl if the $7.6 billion slashes in the licchN‘
Appropriations Bill were allowed to stand. it Would“btrvc harmful cl‘lccts on
the defense posture of the United States."

Mayor Beame Pleas for Federal Aid

WASHINGTON (AP) Mayor Abraham Beamc warned Congress todo) W"
New York City‘s ﬁscal collapse would harm cities across the land. As “Clllllt'
spokesman for President Ford said sortie proponents of federal helP l‘” "W
ﬁnancially beleaguered city are using scare tactics. 'l'hc SPMMW‘"
mentioned no names. but excluded Vice President Nelson A. Rockclcllcl
from hrs accusation. Beame appeared before a House economic sluhrlr/ntton
subcommittee to plead for government aid. “We are not seeking il l“"“““” ”'
“"19".” Beam said. “What we want is the use ofthc fcdcrzrl uttvcflil“““"‘
credit. through guarantees of our securities. until we are able to rccotcr lllk'
credit markets on our own."

State Workers to Choose Between Unions
AF'ANVv NY: (AP) A Slate labor-relations ofﬁcial Monday ordered 2|"
election among 40.000 state workers to determine whet her they want to keep
""7" I itrcscm union representative—the Civil Service limrI'WCs
Mx‘ic'm'°"“°"ioin a new coalition of five unions. l‘rrul Klein. directors or
WW“ ch’IOl/e Practices for the Public Employment Relations Board.
Ordered the election between the CSEA and the newly organized l'uhliC
EmP'OW’ Federation for representation of the professional. scientific and

 

order.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

' ' ' ' unit of the state work force.

 

 

OCTOBER 21. 1975

 

 

by Ml: detr-

Students have become remissin
their personal health habits, accor-
ding to Mrs. Agnes Akullian, dlreo-L
tor of nursing services at the
SUNYA Student Health Center.
Akullian also expresses concern over

student failure to take full advantage '

of the inﬁrmary‘s facilities.
“Students here need to relearn the

basic ABC's of personal hygiene.”

she states. "Don‘t use other people‘s

utensils. Don't pass any oral in-‘ '

struments. Use separate towels and
washcloths." Such habits cause il-
lness, which is the source of
Akullian's other concern.

“Many students don't realize that
this center is here to helpthem.“ she
maintains. “For instance. if they
don't have student health insurance,
they think we won‘t take them. The
insurance is good to have, but we‘ll
take them regardless of what in-
surance they have, or if they have
none at all. and this includes in-
patient as well as out-patient care."

There are 50 beds presently used
for in-patient services. with an
average of IS occupied at one time.
ThisfigurecanjumptoJOOr 35.asin
last year's gastro-intestinal
epidemic.

“It's a very unpredictable place.
because illness is an unpredictable
thing." Akullian says, but she ex-
presses conﬁdence in the inﬁrmary‘s
ability to deal with all emergencies.

She worriesthat student do not
share this conﬁdence. “Although we
don‘t take minor cases after hours."

8-1 1

 

STAR

Tues-Sat
Oct. 21-25

TUESDAY
We the People Night
All Drinks 75c

WEDNESDAY

Women's le-Atlon Night
All Drinks 1 I2 Price

8 p.m.-Mldnight

_, Steak & Breu'i

here.‘_W‘ere"pe " _
seven _:‘days a week. Weekd

havens doctori right here ‘ in '

the in _ng and three in the alter-
of t etlrnethey are on

" . I? nurses on duty over
‘a 24-hour span. Students should

know that they can'eome here. They
. must know that they can."
' Budget Cuts a Problem
Recent budget adjustments also
trouble her, she says.-because they
have cut back the center's
gynecology clinic from weekly to bi-
weekly meetings. Akullian was also
upset about the need to send
students out .to clinics for services
like X-rays. but costs for a machine.
and technicians now make it out of
the question.

She therefore feels that she must
new deal with the problems at hand.
though basic in nature. “Our
students are living in close quarters
here. They drink from the same
glasses and Cokecans. They even use
the same toothbrushes at times."

Akullian points out the in-patient
part of the center. It seems very clean
by any standards and the patients
seem to be as comfortable as can be
expected. , V

The food is supplied by State
quad. and reheated if necessary in
the center's galley. In fact. if the
center ofﬁcials do not like the looks
ofthe food, they send it back. A TV
lounge is maintained for patients
with non-communicable illnesses.

Wolf Road Park
onie 458-7845

 

 

Ilrs. Agnes Atoll-n. Creator of ntutng cameos ot SUNYA Student Keith Calder  that
students who are llvtng In such close llvlna quarters are most prone to commtnloabledso'osoa. ‘

College Deemed Waste of '  I

by Cynthia Croesen (CPS)

There was a time when going to
college " is an honor. a promising
sign. a good omen for the future.
Jobs were plentiful for the upwardly
mobile. College-educated people
were thought to be bound for u
better world. armed with the ability
to think and analyze that they had
acquired in collegc. If everyone were
college-educated, many people
thought. the world would be a better
place to live.

But Caroline Bird. author of the
controversialbook The Case Against
College. and a college graduate
herself. argues that these were just
society's myths during the education
boom of the late ﬁfties and sixties.
The space race with Russia was in
progress and mass higher education
seemed to be the hope of the future.
But statistics in the early seventies
show that many college graduates
are workingin factories. driving cabs
or waiting on tables. It is not only
the shortage ofjobs which hasdriven
the well-educated into manual labor.
Bird claims. It has also become ap-
parent to some that college
graduates are not the invaluable
commodity they once were thought
to be.

Why then. Bird wonders
rhetorically. are so many young peo-
ple still ﬂocking to college. knowing
that four years of training won‘t in-
sure them ajob in their ﬁelds? It is

 

Hot

Ticket info:
at:

-A.-A_AA

Schenectady

Time Center Jewelers

Cedric Kushner Productions and WTRY
present...

Tuna

plus special guests

Friday, October 24

at 8:00 PM
at the Palace Theatre

$5.50, 6.00, 6.50

The Palace Box-Office New Wave Music

Pittsfield, Moss.

Just A Song
Record Shop

partly the religion of the liberal ans
education. Bird concludes. A body
of worship has come to surround the
liberally-educated person. No one
dares to propose that better and
more useful learningcan be obtained
outside the university walls. The
ideal Renaissance-style liberal
education is an unquestioned good.

But Bird suggests that learning
outside the university would be a
better choice for as many as a third
of the students now in college who
came to get away from home. to be
independent without really cutting
off all ties or just to pass four years
without having to take an un-_
promisingjob.

Bird‘s evaluation of the college ex-
perience has been the subject of
heated criticism by college ad-
ministrators and students.

Attacks by administrators have
usually centered on her section con-
cerning college as an investment.
Bird contends that if a student took
the money he spent on college-
related expenses. added the the
money he would have earned work-
ing those four years, and put it all
into a bank instead. by age 60 he
would have accumulated more
money than a college graduate who
earned the average yearly salary for
college-educated workers. In other
words. don‘t do it for the money.
Bird advises.

Oddly enough. an American

 

A

l
l
l
l
i
l
l
i
l
l
l
l
l

 

 

(EB? GUI]

on Sale

; Campus center
desk

4
ft
3 on. 20Ib-23rrl 25¢

819mm ontogeny.

‘t
t
it

 

 

 

OCTOBER 21, .1975

VWV

v—v-v—v

va—v—v-v-v-v

v—v

vvv—v—vV Viv

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Council of Education survey showed
that more students were going to
college to be “very well off“ in I974
than in I966. when the chances of at-
taining that goal soon after college
were much greater.

Attacks by recent graduates have
been harsher and more angry than
those by administrtitors and
professors. Bird said in an interview.
“I've received many illiterate attacks
from people who have just
graduated from college which proves
my point." .

“College graduates tend to feel
that by my saying college is not all
that good. I'm taking something
away from them. They think if I'd

only shut up, things about college'

would be a lot better.“ Bird said.

Bird‘s critics have also claimed

that college enriches the society by
producing better citizens. but Bird
finds this myth as invalid as the rest.
College doesn't create bright. am-
bitious. happy liberal people from
nothing. The bright. ambitious. hap-
py liberal people are the ones who
choose to go to college. This class
[selectively may become more
.prevalcnt as tuition and expenses
rise while loan money becomes
scarcer and more expensive.

For now. society uses the college
degree as a kind of ﬁrst-round
screening in picking candidates for
the future. In many cases. Bird
argues. a milege education is un-
necessary since .nostjobs require ex-
tensive training that a person with
common sense could easily pick up.
It is a kind of snobbishness which is
based more on pretensethan reality.

SASU Elections
Held Here
This Week

T h e
SASU/Student Assembly Delegate
during the Student Association
Special Election on October 2| . 22a
23. I975 are:

Bob O'Brien
Dianne Piche
Bart Minsky

Uptown Residents will vote only
at the polling place in the Quad
.Flagroom in which they reside.

Alumni Residents will vote at the
bottom of Waterbury or Alden Dim
ing Room Stairs. ,

Off-campus Students will vote in
the Campus Center Northwest
Lounge from 9 amt. to 4 pm. only.

All Polling Places execpt Campu‘
Center will be open from 4 pm; to 7
pm. except Campus Center.

PAGE THREE

candidates for the‘

A;

< _ ... z; -.;.z_.;.»;;......a. he: a; n... '1»; 2 < n ‘ ‘ ‘

 

