 
  
  

 
   

  
   
    
  

      
    
  
 
  
  
     
 

 

 

     
  
 
   
      
        
    
      
         
      
      
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
    
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 

 

 
 

    
  
 
      
     
      
    
      
 
     
 
 
 

fregu'arde‘dOAs‘. and ho to tn'y‘o

were not.

had not arrived. I was sitting in the
the best buys on campus: the $.50lda
Carillon had just finished chiming

3. .

ing ‘Confere‘ .

atone

. Encounter I.. it was the,

youngish people Walk in wearing ye

The Archives. It‘s too bad tha
archives. it‘s a great place to laugh a bi
most state schools which were created

stuffed with its l2 foot bookshelves.
old as the college itself. l

two by three inches and
follow; “No Freshmen is allowed to

know your class fi

g  Freshman Cii'rlS”

he Summer ' Orienta on program. My
f hopefuls that tryout lobe those highly
' orientation back then" called‘ Summer

 Assignment. 1‘ HAD T0 at: 7A soar 0F GADFLY TO DO THIS
ARTICLE RIGHTh i could take photographs in the true journalistic
‘ ask a lot of questions about Viewpoint. “the student handbook”. if
boot in time. Still i thought about those superlative students that had
that-coveted job of 0A.,Did i say superlative? An old drinking buddy once
commented that people who wanted those superlative type of jobs usually '

but wanted to-be considered that way. .- ‘
ﬁrst day of Summer [Orientation and Viewpoint
Campus Center cafeteria drinking one of

the'noon hour when a large group of
llow name tags. Above their name were
the wards. “Summer Orientation.” A spontaneous applause starts in the
corner nearest them and spreads thro
Carrillon begins to play the Alma Mate

what a great short short story this could make.
t most students don‘t know about the

past that dates back to thcbeginningp
good that they all don‘t know because t

The orientation idea of helping undergraduates adjust to college life is as
leafed through a “student handbook“ that was about
encountered some of the hints that Freshmen were to

advisiblc to bring a paper and pencil to your ﬁrst class.
he allowed to cut across the grass for the ﬁrst wek
ght song by the second Tuesday of classes.“ Did they have

.g‘. u

rk beer that rivals McSorleys. The

ughout the cafeteria. As iti ends the
r. i took a sip and thought to myself

tabout Albany State‘shistory. Unlike
by Rocky‘s magic wand. Albany had a
f the century. On the other hand it’s
he basement office of the archives is

sit on the steps of Page Hall.“ “it is
" “Freshmen will not
of classes." “You are to

to wear freshmen beanies?
Student Association. Andy Bauman was smiling, and so was Stu Klein.
‘ But it was Rick Mecklerwho was smiling that made me wonder what was
happening in CC346. A yellow Orientation Tag caught my eye as did the
buxom brunette to which it was attached. And I'm sure it (linean the
orientation tag) caught the eye of the Executive branch. I wondered wltat
activity she was interested in on that student involvement form she was filling
out.
Encounter ll. Click. Having a camera seems to give some people a rightto
be where they normally can‘t go. Click. The CA gives me a glance and
continues his tour. “ . . . and the tower holds. l don‘t know how many .
gollons of water.“ Click. “What do you think about this place so far'!" lask a
Freshman standing next to me. He shrugs his shoulders and says.“l dunno."
The group breaks up and then Jennifer Wolf walks up to me. Only ldidn't .
know then that she wachnnifcr Wolf. Editor of Bricksand lvy. the yearbook
of the Milne school. “Are you taking these photographs for the newspaper?"
she asks. I talk to her about Photo Sevice. how we take photographs for any
student group on campus. how we work in a sense for both the yearbookand
the newspaper. I ask her about Orientation. explaining that l‘m doing an
article. “It's OK." she replies. I ask her about the other peopleattendant the
Orientation. “They‘re OK . . . " She hesitated “ . . . but there are a lot of
cliques from downstate. The OAs Would be introduced ﬁrst by name and
then where they came from. One 0A came from Brooklyn and everyone in
one corner of the room would start cheering and clapping.“ “How are the
OAs'l“ i ask. “They're 0K. Theyare very easy to talk to." she said crossing her
legs and arms as she leaned back in her arm chair. “. . . they have a lot more
to say then some of the other people.“

CC346. I walk into the Student Association ofﬁce to check on the mail.
Rick Mcckleris talking to Andy Bauman. "l was told point blank by the
Orientation people. 'do not go around picking up the Freshmen girls‘ " Both
he and Bauman laugh.

Registration. The freshpeople are supposed to be at LC 7 at 4:00 for
registration. I walk down the side aisle. looking over the freshmen. trying to
ﬁnd a face that might make an interesting photo.

The person next to me grabs my arm and points his ﬁnger. “That man over
there is Mr. Biesler." I ask my friend what kind of person Mr. Bicsler is. She
looks mestraight .in the eye. her voice lowering to a barely audibleilevcl." He's
not too good with people. but he‘s very good as an administrator.",’l'he man
in front wipes his brow and cautions the students noti“to make any stray
marks on the computer sheet.“ I left wondering if Viewpoint will get here

4

‘Will be the first time away from

by Robert Wong

The University is presently con-
ducting Summer Orientation ‘75, a
program where new SUNYA
students can receive- academic
counseling. register and learn a little
about campus life. .
2700 new students are expected
this year to attend the orientation
sessions which continue through the
first of August. The sessions vary in
length from one to two days. About
i800 Freshmen are partaking in the-
two day sessions. where for many it

 

home. The remaining 900 students
are transfers who attend the one day
sessions.
Orientation has its origins in the
old State Normal School at Albany.
Once each week. for an hour after
classes and before dinner. students
could go to a prescribed place to ask
.questions about academic affairs.
Social concerns were handled in the
form of a Frosh crimp and a Fresh
weekend. One week before classes.
all the Fresh were to gather together
to meet their classmates and. par-
ticipate in general college type merry
making. At the end of that week,
Frosh would then go to Frosh Camp
on Frosh Weekend.
In l964 Summer Planning
Conferencewas born. Since then the
name has been changed to Summer
Orientation, the groups that attend
the sessions made smaller. the
sessions shortened from three to two
days. the sessions made to run more
efficiently and smoothly. Still the
purpose of the programs have
remained the same: to help the new
student adjust to his new environ-
ment. .
The key to the orientation
program is the Orientation Assis-_
tant. The CA ischoscn after alengthy
interview process during the school
year. Ralph W. Biesler. assistant
dean for student life who is scrvingas
actingoricntationcoordinator.com-

 

 

  
  
 
  
 
 
  

  
  
  

    

   
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
 

. tomorrow.
This is by Robert Wong. Viewpoint Editor and Photo Service member. .

 

Corner of Robin St. at Central Ave.

You supply your chagning company.

 

we'll supply a battle of delightful French Sauturne.
by? Because We appreciate the ﬁner things in life.

Make us both happy. Join us Thursday night at

Albany

   

An orientation assistant'lsodlng a

 t

group of newcomers around campus.

mented on his student helpers: “i feel
conﬁdent that they will do a finejob

’of helping our new students as they

become familiar with their new sur-
roundings at the university.“
Conferencees discussed
everything front the other people
attending the conferenceto the rush-
ed pace they encountered. Some of
their discussion focused onpetiple in
general. “The other people here are

   

 

 

 

   

  
    
  

  
 

  

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

 

 
  
 

 

 

    

 

2700' Orienting- Themselves

kinda immatureand unfriendly. . .
there are a lot of cliques from the
New York Area . . . the OM were
very easy to talk to."

The OAs‘ had their own corti-
ments. They ranged from. “i had to
get a new pair of shoes. . . i went
lhroughtwayesterday. . .youdoti
lot of walking." to "When 5:30 com»
esand they check out. . . lam going
to collapse!"

  

Right. eyeing the Podium. Lott. eyeing the photographer.

  

 
  

   
     
    
   
     
     
     
    
     
 

 

Because more people

take advantage of our great summer special:
GET ONE ROLL OF FILM FREE
when you bring In one roll of the same size
lor processing. (GP or CS 12642
PNI or 135-20 PNI). Otter limited

to two weeks.

llllﬂlllilln s
unlit-annulus
Ill

   

 
 
 
  

 

    
   
   
     
  
  
   

 

 

 

 

We'll help you express yoursell. Fast and lnoxpenslvnly.

  
 
 
 
  
 

 

   
 

 

 

PAGE FOUR

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.

SUMMER. 1975

 

 

 

 

  
 

    
 

 

by Teddy White  ':
(Stony Brook Statesman
and Daniel Galilee ' ‘
in a confused atmosphere charged »
with parliamentary wrangling and
nice politics. the Student Associa-
tion of the State University (SASU)
delegate assembly approved a plan
to add the Third World Caucus.
delegates at their June meeting in
Oneonta. SUNYA's SA President
Andy Bauman cast a deciding vote.

A similar resolution to seat ten
Women‘s Caucus delegates was
tabled until the September con-
ference.

[SASU is a slate-wide organiza-
tion which represents SUNY
students. Most SUNY student
associations belong]

The ten delegates will be selected

SUNY Central One Step Closer To

A third major step in thcrcnova-
tion of Delaware and Hudson and
Albany Journal buildings as the per—
mancnt homeof the State Univer-
sity's Central Administrative Offices
will be taken on July 22.

At that time bids will be opened on
contracts for total interior
rehabilitation of the historic land-
marks. locuted at the foot of State
Street in downtown Albany.

Reliabilttition of the exterior of
the buildings is about 80 per cent
complete and is expected to be
ﬁnished byOctober. lnteriordemoli-
tion was completed last March.

The interior construction will on-
compass such work as new heating.
ventilating and air conditioning
systems. a tnodcm electrical system.
lighting. interior partitioning.
elevators. stairways and such energy
saving projects as installation of
double glazed windows. complete
rcinsulation of the buildingand zone
control switch lighting. There also
will be a small exterior addition to
the northeast wing of the D & H
building to facilitate installation of
fill additional elevator and new
stairway access.

By present plans. the State Un-
ivcrsity Construction Fund expects
to formally award ll contract in
August with reconstruction
scheduled to begin in early

September. Plans for restoration of
the building have been drawn by

r by the Third '-World Caucus. an.
'organimtio V
‘black. Puerto Ricanand' Asian
backgrounds. ad will have the same
powers and priviledges as all other
SASU delegates. The number of
delegates will thus be increased from
58 to 68. r .

    

   

f SUNY" students of”

“The whole place was goin

crazy." explained Bauman. The new
SA President changed his vote in the
midst of parliamentary confusion

and pressure by Third World spec-
tators. One observer noted that
“[SASU President] Kohane lied to
Bauman about the final result".
Bauman changed an initially "no"
vote to a "yes". Though he didn't
know it at the time. the vote helped
make the difference. with another
delcgntc‘s change. Bauman said that

the planywould have pass th‘next »
day or at the next meeting. 7. , A

“They put ‘me under the impres-
sion it was already decided.“ said
Bauman. but he pointed out that “l
was on the borderline anyway."

“There. was extreme pressure on
Andy.“ said SUNYA SASU delegate
Linda Kaboolian. “People wérc
screaming at each other tit-change
votes.“ I."

In the final tally. fonly Stony
Brook Polity ,, President Gerry
Manginclli did not vote in favor of
the plan. "‘Manginelli abstained
throughout. saying that his vote
“reflected the sentiments of the
Stony Brook undergraduate com-
munity.“ The Stony Brook student
senate may consider withdrawing
from SASU as a result of the vote.

 

  

' “pathetic”. and said t

The stony amok

Statesman. ii
the representitive nature of SASU.
“SAS U‘s strength and effectiveness.

said the J une Sraresmoneditorial. “is
directly tied to its ability to represent

     
    
   

 

" . . . its constituency. An organiza-

tion must maintain a standard unit
of representation."

Buuman said that the plan was
"important/ it would be beneficial to ‘
SASU if there weremore third world
student delegates. But this should be
a last resort. not a ﬁrst.“ Bauman
said he initially voted against it
because it was changing SASU
"from totally representative to

representative by group."
Kaboolitin pointed out that “for
every person you add [to the

New Offices

   
 
    
  
   
    

 

 

Kaboolian v'otedm favor ofseiting ~
both caucuses. though she it ed ' '

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  

that "I have a hard time‘classtfying . .

women as an oppressed m V rity”.

Bauman is against seating the
women. “Women could be a majori-
ty if they organized [on the cam-
puses]“. he said.

SASU elections also took place at
the meeting. Former SASUI'Vice
President Robert Kirkpatrick
(Oneonta) was elected president ' .

Outgoing SASU President
Kohane said the additional cost of
accomodating the new delegates
($3.500) would come out of the Stu-
dent Assembly budget for next year.

  

SUNY Central will soon move its offices into the Delaware and Hudson building.

William A.Hall and Associates of
New York City. and can be examin-
ed by prospective bidders at that
firm‘s ofﬁces.

Negotiations foracquisition ofthe
D & H Building. are in final stages.
When formal transfer of title takes
place. a schedule for renovation of
conversion of the present bus turn-
around iit the front of the D & H
Building into a green semi—circular
public park will be drawn up.

The State University‘s Trustees
have formally designated the area
covered by the three buildings as
"State University Plaza." it is believ-
ed to be the largest single renovation
of an important historic site
anywhere in the United States and
when completed it will become the
largest administrative headquarters
of any university in the Nation.

An estimated [.000 employees will
be housed in the three buildings

comprising State University Plaza.
utilizing about I62.000 nct square
feet of office space. '

' Restoration of the area as the Un-
iversity‘s first permanent head—
quarters was undertaken to preserve
three Albany landmarks. each of
which have been placed on the
National Registry oinstoric Places.
through functional utilization and
participation in the city OfAibllny'S
urban renewal program.

Public service will be emphasized
when the University occupies its new
quarters. There will be public
facilities ill the first floor lcycloftljc .
l) & H Building for exhibits and
artworks from University campuses.
A loll-scat assembly hall in the
Building will house
concerts. and cultural

i‘t'tici‘ili
meetings.
L‘\ Unis.
Completion of the third phase of
the project is scheduled for late 1977.

Down the Mohawk In Environmental Forum

by Jon Levelison

Walking barefoot lh rough tltc
nature preserve. looking for
strawberries. l stumbled across a
cow or horse skull. 1 Wash bit shock-
ed at first (you don't
ﬁnd too many such
objects lying around.
say. Nostrtind
Avenue. which is where l hail from)
but after i regained my equilibrium.
1 incllowly freaked out.

Actually. this was all happening
during class . . . it most unusual
class. it‘s Environmental Forum
l'NV 250a to the Registrar. 'l'hoitglil
took ll during the first summer inten-
sric scssion which is only three weeks
long. i ncvcrlhclcss got the oppor-
liiiiily to check out what some of the
more ecologically active people on
this campus arc tip to.

The class itself is composed of
talks by guest lecturers. discussions.

(Ton rse

Review

and field trips. According to the
(horror. I’I'ogt'mns‘, .xlNI)
R cg it It! lions-w Utir/vrgt'uduaI0
Bulletin 74-75. tliccoiirsc is “A study
of cuviruniiientzil issues which ti
crowded and industrialized society
must face. Lectures by specialists in a
variety of environmental fields with
large and small group discussions.
individual and group projectsonen-
viromncntal problems.“

However. this description is faul-
ty. for it doesn‘t do justice to the
course. which ranged front ti mellow
boat ridcdown the Mohawk River
on it lazy sunny, Sunday afternoon

. . ton hike through lleiir Swamp
in a heavy downpour . . . to infor-
mal discussion sessions which
octissiontilly approach group
therapy.

It‘s a t‘ultcr interesting course-.aud
one which should be liiken by
someone who will enjoy it"diflcrcnt“

lypc of course . . .or who wants to
get some kind of general introduc-
tion to ecology. . .or wlto wants to
inch some very committed people

. or who wants to lcnrn of some
exciting new discoveries and
revolutionary concepts developing.

The course is taught by Mr. Lou
lsmay. a dedicated man with
boundless energy. ii super-busy
schedule. and a whetted curiosity
about the world. While interviewing
him for this article. we were in-
terrupted by phone calls. a student
with a problem concerning illl ln-
dcpcndcnl Study course. and
another studcnt who came to get
several flattened leaves on paper
lrtiys. All within the short it pan of fif-
tccn minutes.

And yet they weren't illici'l‘tlp-
trons. for Lou lsmay isti person who
is used to doiitg two (orrnorc) things
at once. He has the uncanny ability

to rapidly switch gears without los-
ing either his train of thought or its
quality; the ability to pursue several
lines of thought at once: with it stu-
dent. a fellow insttuetor. a
professional in it related field. then
back to the student.

Mr. lsmay received his Masters
Degree in Administration ill New
’altz. and after a background of
what he terms work in "the arts.
humanities. :ind deucation" he came
to SUNYA six yearsngo to teach its
first environmental course. His
primary goals in teaching the course
are to “create an awareness of the
ecological principles by which we
live". and to help students realize
that “there are certain natural
processes which we can‘t tamper
with you cart never do just one
thing.“

One of the requirements of the
course is a project. one which allows

the student freedom to work on a
topic interesting to him/her. This
freedom can help to enhance what
Mr. lsmity calls "leadership
capabilities" ~which he considers
very important. and which he claims
to see in most ofthc people who ltavc
taken the course.

The projects themselves are open-
endcd. and have included the crea-
tion of one of the first methods of
surveying Wetlands. various work
with pieces of legislation and
citizen's groups. movies.and the first
surveys of the
historic

environmental
M olinwk River and the
Pine Hush region.
Matty students who have taken
the course continue their new interest.
and continue taking various En-
vironmental Studies courses; quite a
few have continued their work after
completion of school and have gone
on to environmental careers.

 

SUMMER, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRE

SS

PAGE FIVE

   
  
     
        
      
 

    
 

  
  
   

 

 
 

 

  

 

 

   

  

 

  
 

  
  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 

 
  

     
 

 
 

     
     
      

