Ports.

. ., state University of New York at Albany van. on no. 1 Friday, January 24, 1975

:a 1...,ng Danes Drop Fifth

by Bruce Maui:

After a mediocre 2-3 road trip, the"
Albany state basketball team
' returned home Tuesday night,»hoptng
that their home court would turn
things around. But the magic of Un-
iversity.Gym did not hold. as Harry
Sheehy and Fred Dittman put on
their own magic show as they led
Williams College to a 75-7I over
Albany. The win broke Albany‘s l2
game home winning streak. and
dropped the Danes to a 6-5 record.

a: “_. In:

’ " ' ' I ll '
Dance In a calming effort a Ilnll RPI In the cdpllzl

Dletrtct Tournament.

Sheehy, Dittman star

Sheehy and Dittman combined
for 54 of Williams points as both
men shot an incredible 60 per cent
from the ﬁeld. Beating Albany was
nothing new for Sheehy, as he
starred in last year'svictory over the
Danes. He was simply on fire in the
second half. as he scored l9 points
and was unstoppable.

The Danes played far from the
kind of ball that they showed before
the semester break. Gone was the

tenacious - defense. Albany‘s fast
break was ineffective. The team‘s
biggest problem was in rebounding
as Albany was murdered under the
boards. Williams constantly follow-
ed up their missed shots with one or
two easy . shots from underneath.
while Albany often had to settle for a
single shot. Albany was also taking
low percentage shots. as many ofthe
ballpluyers felt impelled to shoot if
they got a pretty pass.

Perhaps the biggest problem for

it - 

l hole
Albany In a lollng cause versuewutlameTuesday.

Wrestlers Suffering

by George Mile!

The Albany State wrestling team
burdened with costly injuries to key
players since the start of the season
in early December has thus far
struggled to a mediocre 2-5-l record.

In their most recent match Coach
Joe Garcia's Great Danes hosted
Williams College and Fairleigh
Dickenson University Wednesday
chning. The best the varsity could
produce from this outing was an Iti-
lll lie with Williams. while suffering
a 24-I8 set back to Fairleigh Dicken-
son.

Against Williams. it was an even
and exciting contest right down tltc
line. The outcome rested on the ﬁnal
match which p0sed Tom Cleary of
Albany versus Jackson of Williams
in the heavyweight division. It was
one of Albany's brighter spots at the
"itlht as Cleiiry was able to defeat his
man by the slight margin of 9-8 to
gain it tie for the Danes.

In the I I8 lh.division Albany was
forced to forfeit all its matches. This
proved to bethe most severe blow. as
"my lost six valuable points to each
team. In both cases those six points
Proved to be what could have been
the margin of victory for Albany.

At l26 lbs. Albany’s Brian Jubrcy
dccitioned William't Sanders lit-2.

In the I34 lb. class Frogale of
Williams decisioned Albany State's
Vic (Jagliardi t4-4. Since the
William's man was able to defeat his
uPponcnt by more than ten points he

was awarded a superior decision
thereby gaining for his team four
poiitts rather than the usual three for
a win.

(To-captain Larry Mints also won
by a superior decision over Coleman
of Williams [3-3.

Rhodes of Williams was able to
shut out Albany‘s .Icfoolden 6-0 for
tltrec points.

At [58 lbs.. Albany State and
Williams wrestled to a 5-5 tie as
neither D'Ambrosio or Mitchell
were able to gain an upper hand and
take the decision. As a result botlt
teams were rewarded 2 points.

At I67 lbs.. Rick Robbins of
Albany took tltc decision over Co-
nant of Williams (i-I. At I77 'l'ont
Horn of Albany was victoriousovcr
tollcs of Williams while lIttbbard of
Williams squeech past Iithan Allen
Ill-J.

In their match with HJU Albany
shoWed some fine wrestling III the
lower mid middle weight classes biit
ran into stiffer competition In the up—
per divisions where they ultiuuitcly
lost it.

At I34 Vic Gitgliiirtli and Dicken-
soii's MctI. wrestled to a low 2-2 tie.
Larry Mims was able to put Albany
out in front with his second superior
decision of the night lJ-I. However.
[Jeitr of FDU tied things back up at
I2-t2 by defeating Albany's Jeff
Golden l2-0 at I50 lbs.

At l58 lbs. D'Arnbrosio won it for
the Danes with a 34) decision. State

moved further into tltc lead as Rick
Robbins was able to wrestle an 8-2
decision from Dickenson‘s DI'csslct‘.

Things started to turn sour at I77
lbs.. when Sealy dccisioncd Tom
llorn 8-3.

The big match that ptit Fairleigh
Dickcnson in the drivcr‘. seat was
when their man Sitpictt/a pinned
Iithiin Allctt ol Albany at 51lloﬁfhis
ittll gave Dickcnson six big points
and ti 2|~|li edge with only one

the Danes was the lack ofa leader on
the court. They needed someoneto
take charge and settle the team down
when things weren‘t going thcirway.
Last year Bryon Miller took the
pressure off the team with his clutch
shooting. This year their is no Miller
to save the Danes. and it showed late
in the game Tuesday. In the closing
moments Albany tried desperately
to close the grip. but failed because
they forced shots from all over the
court.

The game opened with Williams
tukingan early lead. as Dittmiin and
his teammates had the tint hand.
Albany sccmcd tight. as they uniniig-
ed one basket in the first live
minutes. The Danes settled down
and Eddie Johnson‘s shooting unabl—
cd Albany to take tltc laid for tltc
first titnc I4-l2. For tltc next cottplc
of mintttcs it wiisa shoot-out its both
teams were Itot ttIlLl tradcd baskets.

Zone stint-s Dam-s

With Albany leading ill-Eb.
Williams switched to a lone defense.
and completely stil'lcdi the Danes.
Albany ftiilcd to work the bull in tor
an inside shot as they forced shots
from too far oitl and thc shots did
not drop. Williams ran off ninc titt-
answered points to closc tltc hull,
and went iitto the lockct‘roont
leading 37-30.

The Danes wcrc able to cope with
Williams‘ Iottc III the second ltnlfns
Johnson once again had tltc hot
hand. Albany closed to within three.
47-44. biit Williams pulled back to
their seven point lead. Willi almost
ten minutes to go itt tltc contest.
Albany received a technical foul.
This. plus tltc insertion of Rich

Kapner into the lineup. scented to -
spark the Danes. The offense started
to roll and the team finally started
playing some defense.

Bob Audi put in two foul shots to
bring the Danes within two. His field
goal tied it at 54-54. but that would
he the closest Albany would get.
Shechy and Dittman took charge.
and Williams opened tip illl eight
point lead as the clock ticked under
the three minute mark. Albany tried
to come back. hiit their forced.
hurried shots did Itot drop. The I’ttps
closed within totir. but ‘Villinms
lttiitg on for ti 75-7I victory.

lid .Iohnson led the Dane Sctit'ct‘s‘.
its ltc chipped iit l7 points. llttt'tl _
working Ilob Audi finished with to
points. IS in tltc second half.

The Ditties must now rcgroup
their forces untl start playing some _
solid basketball. Iltcy must get)
hcttcr production lroiu l’ctc Ktltlltlx
and Tom Mot-plus. they can't keep
giving the tipptmlitttl sccond :uid
tltird chances at tltc httskcl.
Morphis. who \\tl\ so imptcssiw i
tltc Capital District lournnmcut
could do little iiguinst Williams. I
must use Iii: height and weight to hi:
ittl\itntngc. '

()l'l’cnsivcly. Albany most wo ‘
for better shots. they can't _'
throw lilt.‘ ball up.

Iltc talent is there as evidenced
tltc team‘s ‘urly victorics ttlltl tlt
win over Buffalo State. the ten
most work harder. if tltcy have an
hopes tor theSllNYACCrown. l' .'
team gets a chance to turn thin
around. when it faces Southern ('on
itcctictit tomorrow at Universit; ‘
(iym. (tame time is li:.l(l p.m. '

rom Injuries

match remaining.

In the heavyweight class Dicken-
son‘s Klein was able to seal the ver-
dict by dcfcatittg Tom Cleary 0-2.

Last Sattirdny. the varsity had It
rottglt time of it its tltcy dropped all]
ends of their quadrangular iitatclt.
27-l0 to Union and 35-6 to Potsdam.
and 24-lti to St. Lawrence.

A large void is definitely it‘ll iit Illt:
lineup by the absence of Doug
Ilancr. otit with it rib injury. Ilon

Mion at I90 lbs. and All-SUNYA _. '

heavyweight champion Rttdy Vid
who is still suffcringfrotu injuries in

curred before vacation. It is hop - v

that Mion may be back in form to

tltc ()ncoutn mulch next \Vcdncs -i

tllty. . .i

Road meet tomorrow .-

I'he varsity will try to piit ill

together totttorrow when they travc

to face Amherst. Southern (‘on
ticticut. and l.owcll at Amherst.

Women to Open Tomorrow

by Mike I‘iekurskl

Yes. tltcrc tr it women's vuristy
basketball team on this campus.
Aitd yes. they «In pliiy basketball. If
you lttive ttcvcr seen these girls play.
you're in for quite a surprise.

Coach Barbara ’iilin's squad is
getting “psyched tip" for tomorrow's
season-opener at Oswego. and with
hopes of improving upon last year‘s
5-4 record; the worst in Ms. Palm‘s
recent memory. But it won‘t be eiisy.
The loss of Liz Gilliam leaves Couch
I’nlm with four sophomores and
seven freshmen on her ll-girl team.
So. inexperience will be it major fac-
tor in Albany's seasonal outcome.
Fortunately. all four sophs are
returnees from last year and will be
seeing plenty of action.

Mary lillcn Foley iind Wctidy
(lath urc co-ciiptnins and rcturnc '.
along with (‘nthy l)o\ycr and Vicki
(iirko. (iirko is the only starter lrom
last year's team tiittl (inth (known its
tltc "super sub") was quite It
spiirkptug in many of those gttlttcs.
Freshman Vitti Davis looks very
promising and tnuy be tltc key to
Albany's success. She is an excellent
jumper and (albeit a guard) should
be the primary rehoundcr. and.
possibly. scorer. Sue Winthrop
scemti to be the team‘s bcst shooter
ititd has impressed Coach l’iilni with
her tall-itround consistency. Sue is
recovering from an accident but still'
should see considerable playing
time. Dorothy Coletti will probably
be battling Girko for the center slot.

bttt tltc coach stresses that there wil
be no automatic starting linc-iip'
that it is subjch to cluingc. lh
aforementioned plii s wit ‘1
probably comprise the starting five -,
Rounding out tltc squad nr
Dorothea Brown. Niincy llartcl
Lauren l'lltl‘l’lS.illItl Marilyn llindcn'
Ileight will dcliititcly bc 
problem. as tltc tallest girl on Ill
squad. Vicki (iirko. is listed as oitl ‘-
5'9“. Rebounding difficulties mit
affect the fast break Ms. I’nlt i
prefers. Coach Palm is hoping for,
the best utid said. “we'll rely oit tl run
ning turd hustling game to keep us r
it." “We‘re striving for it teiitn cf
fort." who said when queried itbo '
any individual to watch for. but all
continued on put!“ I

lung-y ' "

I III! a person. llrn your friend. I all min to yeah eI I
piss you on the podium dolly. my now nfewi‘of you I

doesn't—Would It make I difference if you knew?  1
I decided to survey other people‘s views and experlen eel
All of the women, and I“ but two of the men h e come  to those” " the

by Nancy Abaugh

_ The first thing the ten students
noticed in Moscow were the im-
ntttctilitte subways. But the city itself
was grey. And the people seemed
grey. too.

Don Dct’almti. ottc of the ten
SUNY students who just returned
frotu a sctncslcr in Moscow last
semester was struck by the “titti-
q thIIUSS of tltc Rtis 'tn people."

“they are confused about who
they are. One is struck by the fact
tltnt they are stuck bctwccn tltc linst
nitd tltc Wcsl. It‘s It closed society.

“()uc ol tltc. most interesting
character revelations about the
Russians is that they \cry rarely
smile. I guess that is ttll American
truit. hiit tltcy used to comcup to us
and say. ‘Whut is it about you
Antciicitn‘.’ You'r' always smiling‘.

"'\uothcr thing that tells
something about them is that they
tlilt'll dtink shot iiltcr shot of
\odka," l)on smiled. rcincmbcring.
"Ilic Sllltl'lgL‘ thing is ttot many
people really enjoy the taste of it.
they never till.\ it witlt anything
just drink it straight." Ilc grituuccd.
“I can't look at vodka anymore I
have to close my eyes.“ Sitting back.
he slid his brown Foster-Grunt
glasses it p his nose and thotiglit for It
minute. "You know. I really think it
ittight bca lailurcol’thcmto provide
it spiritual viilitc to life . . 

llttt. “Lenin isa (iod to them. and
communism is tltcir religion.

“Ily tltc time we were there for it
while. we were getting tired of thc
Sui ict religion. and tltc Cit-cits fclt
tltc sonic kind ol iiinbitalcnces we
did. sttttc gotiilong . . . It wuslnird
to say good-bye to sotncofthcm. We
made some close friends.

“tltc couiscs wc hiid \\crt.' pretty
good. We were split tip into two
groups of me each bccnttsc our
knowlcdgc ol Russian wasn‘t good
enough to go ittto the regular lit-
stuiitc classes. but it was all right."

the tctt wlto wcnt were from
dillcrcnt SIINY schools: Robctt
Ktnt/cl. lcri'y .lo L'cini‘olo. Auncttc
lutmuk. Nina l min. IainyiiShitlgin.
I)on Itcl'nlnui. Lorraine l‘ttt'clltiltl.
I you Stone, Morris Ritbiuko. and
\ndicti liccsing. Ihctr lttl\lhtll'. Fd
\oidhy ltoiu SIINY ()sncgo,

frlendshlps by

colloid

 

nthll cruel-protege. . . '  " people would react to him differentny .  ‘

~Guy eré Me on the

STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY

ASPeetI centerfold. no"! 4? and 5P.

VOL. [XII NO. 2 JANUARY 26.1975

Students Return; Russian Excange Comp]? 

Touring downtown Moscow. Left to Rtght: Lynn stone. Don DePalma. Annette Jormak. Morrts Rabunko. Ntna Loan. and Terrl Cerevolo.

brought his family something thiit
surprised tltc Russians. who aren‘t
allowed to leave the country together
with their families.

their courses were rather slan~
third fare for anyone who studies
nbrond:

Phonetics. “Which was difficult.
You scc. tltc problem ltcrc is that
what we study at Albany is limited to
what tltc cmigrcs (most of whom
have lived in France or somcwhcrc
before coming here) tell us so that
tltc intonation we team here is
hilarious to them."

I.cxicolog_\ was lcxicology. and
tltc AIIIL'IIL'IIIIS took it film course
“ithitnch oI boring liliiis ubottt tltc
Sotict l’nion designed by Moscow
State Unitcrsity loi‘ increasing
language tlsltgc and coinprchcn~
\Itlll."

Sotict culturc. Sotict Iitcrnttiic.
practical Russian. ititd translating
lioin l-ngltsh to Russian wctc tltc
ottict courscs they studied.

“l he school was a lot like our high

schools you know. smoking
hctwcen tltc classes. tltc girls on one
side of tltc hall and tltc guys on tltc
othcr. Classes were an hour and a
half long. and tltcy were iitostly pret-
ty good. I know my Russian im-
piotcd."

"It was strange. though. after it
while we started to almost lose otir
American identity to forget things
about America. btit every month. as
it ttirttcd out. we ltnd some kind of a
get-together that reminded us of
home. One time in ()ctiibcr.til'tcr we
were tltcrc about it month. we went
to ditmcr ut tltc Manager of tltc
Moscth ('hittc Mtlllllllllilll ltttnk's
house. He had :ibotit three or fotir
:t\ctiigc Sottcl npurllttculs put
together. so it was really higiind real-
ly nice not like the usual Moscow
st't‘nc. it was there that we had tltc
only gt ccu mlllltl tltc w holc time we
\\L‘tt‘ in Moscow."

"ln \otcinbcr. we went to thc
.llMlltllL‘lli ol \thilcl' Stcssiu. the
\tllL'IlL‘ttll ltltlhllkhtltltll. It was right

after Vladivostok:

"Any interesting scoops?"

"It was fattta. '. talking to him:
He said that Ford was itot as
aggressive its Nixon. btit that they
got some things done."

Speaking of Nixon:

“the Russian people really like
him because of tltc dctcntc. ‘l’hcy
rciilly don‘t understand what
happened to him.“

Another titnc. they went to It
Soviet rock conc '. bttt tltc music
was straight American. It was only
after tltc concert they learned the
groitp they had heard was ottc that
pcrlortucd only at embassies and
pliiycd only Western music 
and rock. they did ./.('. .S‘u/it'rtlur
uttd Sltlil lroin Chicago and Blood.
Sweat and fears "

Auoihrr reminder of A mcricu was
tltc time Scn. James liticklcy came to
Moscow to\ Isit."llt.' hcudcdstniight
lor tltc synagogue to talk to lltCchs
who wanted to leave tltc Soviet Utt-
ion. then he wcitt to talk to some

 

 

 

SA Alerts Students to

l)) Rick I'ttllcy

SA. l’tcstdcut l’iit t'urtnn held it
news coutcicncc ycstcidiiy Iodiycuss
upcoming citating lor the spring
sciucstci thnt tillcct most Albany
nllttlt‘ltlh. lhcsc utcludcposstblc tui-
tion. boiiitl. and l‘.S./\. price hikes.
IIICI'CtISL‘tl ().L‘.S.(.'. (Oil—Campus
Student Coalition) activities to aid
oll-cuinpus students. itttd It
teciprocity policy between pitt-
ticipntingS. A.S.U. member schools.

Much of the conference concerned
tumors of tttition increases for
S.tl.N.Y. students. Curran captain-
ed that till tltc informal iou up to now
has been hercsiiy iitid that It definite

ycs (II no answer on n ltllltt‘lt in»
ctcaisc would conic iiltcr tltc hudgct
llils been decided iipoti iltlS Sattttt-
tiny.

(‘ttrcy Promises

(itI\L‘l'lltlt' ('itrcy has promised no
iitctcnsc in tuition for tltc state
schools ltlltl as It result the desired in-
crease iit tuition may he re cctcd in-
stead in higher hourd rates.

There was also titcittion of a
possible sepiirittc student health tax.
which up to now has been ittclttded
in regular ttiitioit charges.

Speaking for tltc Off-(.‘tiinpus Stu-
dent Coalition at tltc conference Wits
Robiti Slutstcr. She explained that

Tuition or Board
Hike, 0080 Work, and Reciprocity

tlit~l),(,'.S.(‘, plitltSIti intensity itsnc-
tiiitcs to ;IS\tsl oll campus students
by studying cit) housinguud zoning
codes. This would lipr tltc orgaui/ii-
lion allusc students oit landlord-
tcnitnt problems that are created
when more than three people live in
tltc some apartment.
Booklets

The 0.(.‘.S.C. also plans to dis-
tribute booklets to off-campus
stiidentsthatwoutd explitinthecoin-
plicatcd housing code and help solve
such problems as where to complain
ttbotit housing problems when an iii-
spcction would reveal four or more
people living in the complainant‘s

house.

S.A. Vice President ll'tt llu'nhuum
discussed tltc new S.A.S.tl. plicy of
icctptoctty bctwccn member
schools. The policy allows any stit-
dcitt at a S.A.S.U. member school to
ltavc tltc same rights and privileges
at his paying students iit iill other
participating schools. This would in-
clude (with minor exceptions) ticket
sales to concerts itnd tnost other
cnnipus-sponsorcd activities lit the
following schools: Canton.
llinghitmpton. Cortland. Delhi.
Oneonttt. Geneseo. Univ. oflluffiilo.
und Fitrmingdiile. More schools are
expected to aprticiptite shortly.

othcrdissidcnts. And that idiot He
couldn‘t figure ottt why the Soviets
weren't too cordial to hint."

Some ol the controls on the
students were strict its they are in it“
til Russia. "Russia is u country of lit-
tle slips of paper. Yoti have to show a
pttpcr to change rubles into
Amcrtciui dollars. You have to show

' a pass to Icinc tltc building and one

to get into it building.“

"\\‘c Iucd tun hotel." Annctthnr-
milk (It grad student here) said on it
rcccttt W ' ntcr\iew. “and atone
time. tltc iiiibuskn downstairs didn't
know we could lt.“d\L‘. or who we
\\L‘I't,'. so we were stuck in tltc Iiotcl
tor thrcc days or so , . . Hopefully.
the next group will live in the
dorms,"

Don complained that tltc Itotcl
“its too lit r front tltc campus and the
dorms ol tltc Moscow Institute for
l‘tll'L‘tllll language Slutty. "It‘s about
tort) IIIIIllIlL‘S to the canipus.depen-
ding oit the connections you make
(bus to train). and thcit another fif-
lt‘cll minutes. at least to the
dorms . . . l:\ crytitttc we showed up
at lilt.‘ dorms somebody. especially
tltc (‘1cchs.wonld ptillotit u bottleof
\odkit and we'd tune it party."

lit-c) cled Meatballs

‘ l be food was horrible." Moscow
Is a grey city. and tltc food witsttlso
gtc). Rccyclctl tttcnlbttll. two kinds
of ctthhitgc (cooked and raw). and
bread were stitttdltt‘tl. I have to con-

lcss. and I told this to Norb Zahm

(I~’S Director of Food Service) the
other day tlttit when I catne back
here. and I couldn‘t believe how
good tltc FSA food lasted compared

to the Russiitnt dormitory food.
“You can get some American
food or at least food that we're
used to r in tltc foreign currency ex-
change stores. You see. the Swim
like to have foreign currency coming
iitto the cottnt ry. so they encourage“
by running these stores where‘you
can get I’cpsi and lettuce and good
continued on pendant

 

 

way. u...»

 

