 

by Bruce Maggln ,

' The State Universityof New York
All-Stars held off a late comback by
the City of University of New York
AlleSta‘rs to win the initial City-State
All-Star. Basketball Classic. 79-72,
yesterday evening at University
Gym. '

The game was typical of most all-
star contests. The ball'players had
little time to practice with their new-
I', acquired teammates and it showed
throughout the game. The game was
close all the way as neither team was
able to break away.

The opening seconds of the con-

test set the tone of the game as-the
State stars committed two easy tur-
novers. From then on, it was a
collection of missed shots,

‘ overthrown passes and many fouls.

Most of the baskets came from un-
derneath. after the missed shots. It
took almost 13 minutes before a
pretty pass was thrown.

But as the game went on and the
pace quickened. as the ballplayers
ﬁnally remembered what a basket-
ball was. The crowd ﬁnally awaken-
ed by some good outside shooting
and some sparkling passing. Rob
Rich‘s (Oswcgo) shot with three

w.

hole

Albany State's lone SUNY All-Star Pete Koota In action during SUNY-
CUNY Game.

Traekmen Destroy Queens, 112-32

by Jon Lafayette

On a windy day at the University
field, the Albany State track and
field team swept the field events in a
convincing 112~32 victory over
Queens College. The Queens team
was badly undermanncd. and was
unable to enter even onczcompctitor
in many cvents.’1‘hcy(Quecns) were
the last team to beat the trackmcn
beofre their 31 meet winning streak.
snapped Thursday by R.P.|. "We
needed a convincing win." said
Coach Bob Munscy. “and I‘d say we
got it."

Rudy Vido.Tom Cleary. and Tim
Holloway placed l~-2—-3in thcfirst
event. the shot put. establishing
State's dominance in the ﬁeld events
early. Ilill Mayer and Pierre
Beauvior both cleared 11‘6" in the
pole vault. despite a strong wind.
The wind also held down the dis-
tances in the longjump. triple jump.
and the high jump. Hiram Veblen
won the Ion jump at 19'3" followed
by Tom l’ttrdini at IB‘II". Febles
also placed second in the triplcjump
which was won by .lim Pollard with
Pardini completing the sweep.
Feblcs also placed third in the high
jump following Ilill Malone. who
cleared 5‘10". and David Cole. Jim
Holloway threw the discus 130'4" to
take that event. and Tom Cleary
threw the Juvulin l78'tl" showingthe
wayJor Perry ilocltzcll and Doug'

Sabo who placed second and third.
In these seven events. Queens could
manage onlya second (in the discus)
and a third (in the long jump)

Brian Davis made his move on the
last turn. kicking by a Queens runner
to take the mile for Albany in 4:27.
Carlo Cherubino out lasted the
three-mile field to win by 50 yards in
15:22.4. The 440 yard relay ream of
Alan Zubc. Brian Donovan. Billy
Brown. and Orin Griffcn won the
440 in 44.3 seconds, and the mile
relay team ofArt Bedford. l’hil Stil-
livan. Bob Ehcrlyn. and Bob Collcti
took that event in 3:355.

'l'hc hurdlers also looked good.
with David Cole breakingthc school
record in the 120 yard high hurdles
running a 15.3 followed by Bob
Malone. Roger Phillips'won the 440
yard intermediate hurdles in 1:01.

Queens got its only three wins of
the afternoon in the sprints. Alex
(‘Iurk starring for Queens. Thcr
freshman took the 220 in 22.9 and
the 100 yard dash in 10.2.stickinghis
tongue out at the finish. llob llcd~
ford took thc 440 yards in 52.5 for
Albany to prevent a washout with
Queens taking the 880 also

The track team lost lit ol'last years
performers lctiving Coach Munscy
with many younger and untried peo-
ple. lie is very pleased with the
progress of the team and especially
with hishutdlers. David Cole looked

 

seconds left in the ﬁrst half gave
State a 34-33 halftime lead. Bill
Curry (Brockport) and Jack. Dalton
(Oneonta)were the ﬁrst half stars for
State as they scored 8 and 6 points
respectively. Harry Price led City
with 8.

The second half wasn‘t much
different from the ﬁrst as both teams
continued to make errors. City
scored thc'first six pains of the half
and looked like they might run away
with the game. State then scored the
next 12 points ttakca lead that they
would never relinquish. 1n the ﬁnal
mintttes of the game both teams

started to play some exciting basket- V

ball. City fought to come back as
Willie Davis (Queens) and Stan
Brown (Lehman) led the charge.
Davis scored all of his 13 points in
this half and this earned him City's
MVP. City finally caught up with
State with 3:25 to play. But Mike
Panaggio (Brockport) and Ed
Robata (Geneseo) controlled the
ball. City couldn‘t get the lead, and
State hung on for the victory.

City committed 23 turnovers to
State‘s 18. as the team that made the
least mistakes won. Dalton of
Oncontu was State‘s MVP. finishing
the game with 14 points. Robota and
Brown shared high scoring honors.
each chipping in 16 points. Albany‘s
Pete Koola had 6 points and 6
rebounds.

The game was on live radio across
the state and will be seen on a
delayed basis Saturday afternoon on
public television (Channel 17 in
Albany). The game provided ex-
posu re for two conferences that nor-
mally aren‘t recognized. l’erhpas a
tourney involving the top top teams
in each conference would be a better
show than an all-star game. It cer-
tainly would he more exciting.

“savage and hungry“ in breaking the
team record in the 120 yard high
hurdles. "It's amazing because no
one from Queens was in the race,“

iv
‘ L} >.

" hol
SUNY-MVP Jack Dalton you up for lump ehot over Pete Gartlari.
Dalton scored 14 points and 1 aestata.

said -Munscy. “He was pressed only
by himself.“ Roger Phillips was also
impressive in winning the 440 yard
intermediate hurdles. Munsey was

Bob Malone. tackles the high hurdles during track team's win over
Queens.

most surprised by the performance
of Stew Finton of the .I.V. He was
close the school record in the high
hurdles. taking first in that event.

Coach Munscy ulso'praised
Pollard. “He was entered in three
events, winning the triple jump and
was on the second 440 relay team
which almost heat the first team.“
“He set the record in the hutles set by
Cole today." said Munscy. Pollard
was recruited by Munscy as ajunior.
and has also impressed football
coach Ford. He is also high on Bob
Redford who won the 440: "he is
quick and I may try him in the half
mile.“ SAID Munscy.

Sprints ll problem

The coach recognized his problem
in the sprints but said that they
would improvc with the warmer
weather.

On Thursday. in a mch with
R.P.l. and Harlwick. R.P.1.
snapped a 31 meet winning streak
and Hartwick failed to scorca single
point. In that meet. the mile relay
team of Iioh Redford. lloh Cullen.
Ryan. and Bob Ehcrlin won in
3:352. Ryan also taking the 880.
Tom I'artlini and Iliram l-‘chlcs
places | ~ 2 in the long jump.

The next meet is at Williams
College. where Coach Mnnscy
believes. “We have a good chance to
win. although they will be very
tong."

 

proudly to in y
Allen who?" “The Center/o ' hitt?’

Allen. Jr. contamination?(«immanent
form of the name be the source of unclarlt y.

SA Presidential
Hopefuls Agree
On Mass Funding

by David Wlnzelberg

The issues concerning S.A. fun—
ding arc cmcrgingas most important
in the upcoming elections for next
year‘s Student Association ex-
ecutives. Most of the already an-
nounced candidates share similar
views on funding and the majority
heavily favor mass programming as
an S.A. top priority.

Cited as a “major priority" by
many of the candidates. mass
programming gathered much stip-
port as a direct result of the recent
liOPSA budgeting situation. S.A.
Presidential candidate Bob O‘Brien
expressed support for mass
programming while claiming that
EOI’SA is receiving "higher priori-
ty“ and stating that. “Everybody
should get their fair share." Dave
Coyne. a possible candidate. is “very
strongly" in favor for massprogram-
ming and for cutting back funding of
campus ethnic groups. “Student
Association is open to all students. I
refuse to believe thata student who is
white can't represent a black student.
If we accept that principle. we reject
democracy.“ Presidential candidate
Andy Bauman commented that
"students aren‘t getting their $64
worth ‘and favors’ limited ethnic
funding.“

Another candidate for the S.A.
presidency. Ken Wax asserts that
“Too much money is going into too
few hands“. Wax also adds. “There
are some groups whose funding have
to be reassessed in the interest of fair
programming for all students. No
amount of screaming or attempted
pressu rc tactics should be allowed to
become an obstacle“. Candidate
Kim Kreiger feels. “Mass program-
ming should be the numbcroneS.A.
priority for next year“. She adds.
“Students are interested in partying.
concerts. movies and athletics."

Vice-Presidential candidate Joh
chenson supports mass program-
ming. Levcnson believes. “No group
deserves preferential treatment“.
Rick Meckler. also a V.P. candidate.
secs ethnic funding important
culturally. but feels that “these
(ethnic) groups should cut their
social spending." Meckler com-
mcntcd. “EOPSA should receive
proportional funding.“

Most of the Presidential and Vice-

lilrclunoyer

SA Presidential hopefuls trom leit

main-"'11:"

Ants candidate George Stein, called Albany state “a place with real
possiblllttes but some very serioue probleme." Presently he teaches
history at SUNY Blnghamlon.

Presidential candidates are in favor
of keeping a mandatory student tax.
Out of the five announced can-
didates for president. Bauman. Wax
and O‘Brien support the continua‘
tion of the present $64 mandatory
tax. Kreiger, presently Services
Director for S.A.. says that she
"can‘t take a stand either way" leav-
ing it up to the students to decide.
Candidate Coyne believes that the
tax should become voluntary,
because it would be more “liber-
tarian" and would “force S.A. to be
more responsive“.

Meckler. a member of Central
Council and the On-Campus Stu-
dent Life committee. feels that
“Programming would collapse with
a voluntary student tax". Levenson.
the SA. Ombudsman. Central
Council member and Chairman of
the On-Campus Student Life com-
mittee is in favor of a reduced, but
still mandatory student tax. The tax
issue will decided by students
through an upcoming referendum.

A majority ofthe candidates also
agree on continuing the present level
of funding granted to A.A.B. (con-
trolling SUNYA's Inter-collegiate
athletics). Student Assistant for
A.M.1.A. and member of the On-
Campus Student Life Committee.
candidate O‘Brien is high on Univer-
sity athletics. Citing this year‘s grow-
ing enthusiasm for varsity and other
team sports. he points out that

continued on page seven

klrclunnyer

_ ,yku ma armed
lent shake ofthe,th '

féw reap; ‘
d the

k. .‘l . ._
y did know Main Was.

30
I believe

 

 

 

 

 

STATE UNIVBRSITY OF NEW YORK AT 

VOL. out no. i amt. ta. 1915

A & S Candidate Trades '
Opinions With SUNYA

by Betty Stein

Looking very much like a
younger, more handsome version of
George Gobcl. the third Arts and
Sciences Dean Candidate. Dr.
George H. Stcin engaged in a give
and take process with SUNYA
yesterday. He gathered his im-
pressions of the University. and the
University gathered its impressions
of him.

Dr. Stein, now a distinguished
teaching professor of history at
SUNY llinghamton (“it's called Har-
pur“). candidly refers to SUNYA as
“a place with real possibilities but
some very serious problems. This
should have been the 11' g hip ofthe
SUNY system.“ he said. then
wondered aloud why Rocky used to
fly visitors over the SUNYA cam-
pus. while taking them to Stony
Brook for an actual tour.

He does not. however feel the
situation is hopeless; “I thought you
people were in worse shape than you
really are," he said when last night‘s

SA Pushes Letter Rally
Against Budget Slashes

by Michael Sena

About 160 students wrote letters to their assembly men and senators today
as part of Student Association's effort to pressure thelegislature to restore
some of SUNYA‘s budget.

Over the last two days about 400 letters have been written.

The letter writing campaign comes as a reaction against GovernorCarey's
and the smaller legislative budget for SUNY and particularly Albany State.
The legislature‘s budget is 5804.000 less than Carey‘s SUNYA budget.

If the state budget remains the same. SUNYA will lose 15-19 faculty and 6-
8 staff positions, couseling services— including career and psychological
counseling which will be cut as a result of an expected loss of 18-22 student
services members. the physical maintenance of the campus will be reduced.
the library's acquisitions will be cut by 10.000, the work of the Atomospheric

Science Research Center will be cut. and various campus center services. the .

Registrar. and the Office of Student Life will be cut.

With many students gatheringaround the podium to dance. talk. hang-out
and enjoy the warm spring day. SA decided to have the letter writing
campaign outside.

Comments by students were mixed with jest as spirits were high because of
the seventy degree spring weather. Student Gene Burgers said; “Lately. I've
tried to become socially active— this cause warrants social activity—
individual activitymay not have a great effect but in the mass it does. 1 want
my legislator to try to find alternate ways to face this crisis other than budget
cuts." ‘

“They're destroying us by cutting out budget. They can‘t do it to us. I like
writing letters to my assemlymen — everyone should. Stuff like this.
reforming the marijuana laws. and anti-bottle bills. deserve letters." said Bill
Bishop.

Barry Cohen summcd up the hope of the organizers: “I used to work down
at the legislature. 1fthcy get enough letters and know how their constituents
1ch on an issue they might not want to go against it."

Some of the organizers were: Pat Sakai. Dave Coyne.and Andy llauman.

huh" .ltirehmoyar

open meeting with students turned
to talk of the recent budget cuts.
"But appointments are being made:
that‘s heartening.” ‘ 1

“He (the A&S Dean) should work
to create thebest possible climate for
education.“ said Dr. Stein. He feels
that whoever occupies this post has
an obligation to regulate the quality
of course offerings. faculty. and
classroom experience. Stein stresses
the role of a Dean as a unifying ele-
ment in the College. He emphasized
the importance of having one person
represent the collective interests of
the College divisions.

0n the other hand. lvo Lcderer.
the Arts and Sciences Dean can-
didate who appeared on campus
March 10.wasnoncommittalonthis
issue. thnusked what hcsaw as be-
ing the duties of such an ad-
ministrator. or if there was even a
need for adean in theCollegc ofArts
and Sciences. Lcderer simply declin-
ed ofﬁcial comment.

When the percnial issue of tenure
arose. Dr. Stein got right to the
point; “Let me give you a series of
answers~ the simple answers are
just bullshit."

“I think most of the incompetency
in the classroom comes from not ear-
ing." said Dr. Stein. He feels that a
combination of incentives and op-
portunities can act as an a sort of
adrenalin to stimulate unproductive

‘ faculty members.

Dr. Stein stressed the necessity of
having both faculty members who
are strong in the area of teaching.
and those who specialize in research:
“Somebody has to produce
knowledge for it to be pervaycd.‘ he
said. explaining that. if not for peo-
ple in research. “within five years.
there‘d be nothing to teach."

An element of doubt was cast on
Dr. Stein's position as a serious con—
tender for the post of Arts and
Sciences Donn by an article that
appeared in Pipe Dream. Harpur‘s
student newspaper. The article.
dated March 7. quoted Stein as say-
ing that he was not giving “serious
consideration" to the position here
atSUNYAandthathewas“farfrom
leaving SUNY-Binghamton.“

lloWever. Robert McFarland. a
faculty member in the School of
Graduate Studies who acted as one
of Stein's many guides during his
visit. places little importance on this
informmion- "At that time. nodates
had been set: no jobs had been
offered."

to right: Bob O'Brien. Dave Coyne, Ken Wax, Kim Krelger. and Andy Bauman.

 

