 
 

.. «Mr-s... “avg

than. ..

y

 

 _. , 1..

)5.
{i
l
[I
.5
I
f

l'
l
y
I.
i

 

 

l
a
it:
:‘i
i’

 

 

iii
a;
r,
ti
‘2
t
I

  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 

 

"J

byVinnyIleda' - ﬁ. 9 ' l e
' live the weekend alone. AmanbetweenwOmen. With outfriends.
‘ ‘ Minus a tax card. Myself and the city of Albany. .

. , g __ “I know why you're w'rttingthis." someone saysto me. “To get
sympathy. So that people will feel sorry for you and love you." That
oculd be true. but why‘ahculd I believe someone who isn't my friend?

My apartment is my friend. The streets are my friends. Friday night I
opt for the' apartment. and so the oven heats and melts into dinner which
melts into a goodbook and then into The Rockford Files into Johnny

_ carson into test pattern into stereo into bed.

But on Saturday I must leave for the streets. In shorts and tee-shirt I
emerge ‘and the pavement blends beneath my running sneakers and the
branches blur above my bobbing head.

I imagine that some of the figures I run by are acquaintances of a sort.
and they are best to pass by of all. They open their mouths to speak butl
am by before words can well up to meet ‘my ears.

I wonder at times if the mouths ever close afterI pass: if their owners
can ever regain control over unrequited features.

Yet along the State Office Campus on Washington Avenue. there is no
one who moves without wheels save I and a solitary figure in the dis-
tance. I draw closer to pass. and see that it is an old fat lady with wild
white hair. I believe that the ancients called them “crones”.
"Ei-ya-ya-ta-ta-te-la-fem-ile." I hear as I move by her dull pastel form. I
stop. although I should know better.

“Wad you say?"

"El-ya lie-ta—" _
h“Wa?l“ I move closer. She's toothless except for one or two here and
t ere.

“Would ya like to talk tomme fa while?" She smiles.

"Oh my God. no," I blurt out. I wave and tum—and run.

I feel guilty as houses reappear amidst Calvin and Brevator streets.
Was I gentle enough with the poor old thing? But what was she doing on
that barren stretch of road anyway? Probably up to no good. Con-
sidering her looks and street position. she may have been the world's

 

PAGE FOUR

 

ASPECTS

lowest-priced hooker.

What would have been her next line—"two bucks fa wa’s left?" Might
have been fun at that. After all. she still had a couple teeth and an.

At home I watch Wide World of Sports until dinner. Evel KnleVal‘g
motorcycle splits in half afterjumping over 14 buses in downtown cm.
cinnati. Half the crowd looks for his l-Iarley and the other half for his
Davidson as they drag him upright long encugh for his speech on the
importance of always wearing a helmet.

As I leave the house in order to eat somewhere. Frank Gifford is com
plating a documentary on motorcycle helmets. Helmets are being sub.
jected to all sorts of tests. except the crucial one which shows that any
helmet will shatter when hitting the ground after being thrown over
even one bus in Cincinnati.

I go to my favorite Italian place downtown. Unfortunately I do not get
my favorite waiter. His section is filled. I get the other waiter; the one
whose mental capacity is located somewhere between an easel and the
cherrystone clam.

After printing out my order for him. I wait patiently as I see my meal
being delivered to three incorrect tables. one of which is vacant. The
food arrives and I settle into the onlytrue repose I find in life: my eating.

This tranquility lasts but a few minutes as five people—u iiunil)‘ 1
assume—begin to stand next to two uncleared tables across the min
from where I sit.

"Hey man. We ain't gonna sit here ‘till these here tables are rimmed
on" says a strong looking black fellow. who I figure to be (me 0] 1m»
sons present. along with a daughter. mother and father. 'l'Iicx SW1“
about two feet away from me.

The son addresses this to the waiter. who responds with his mun] total
lack of comprehension. The father then, who seems a bit scnilc. new“)
shouting. “I'm gonna kick these tables oval Do you hear me slmhuud"
Kick 'em oval"

My linguine alfredo has momentarily become inedich as Hll‘ i'nilwr
teeters over my table» being ineffectively calmed down by IIIH sons I
refuse to look at the waiter atthis point because if he looks as [Jill lll'l i r: ‘45
I imagine he will. I may surely scream,

"LI 6V?" have “39 deem? ‘0 Yell at the father. I imaginemysell Huylllii-
evzﬁbo‘gzﬁgltgt'yo“ just sit and wait for the table to be cleaned oll lllll‘

I p,”th the father accepting my suggestion. turning. and ‘slul‘P'W
inc five. I see two-of the five removing my left eye from its socket W110”
Mitiggﬁl'lge wan" is scraping eels ala Caruso out of my beard-alu-

I therefore opt instead for gul ping down my meal in record LllllU. nnd
gaging the hell out of my favorite Italian restaurant.
no tgscﬂggdgy night is still ripe for entertainment. But as I said. 1 how
so “my "dmo :prt‘own is out. and since I still consider myself It 3'0"" 0"
mum" i (,8 l 8 downtown and waiting outside the Greyhound Bl“

” °' 9" ‘0 mangle prostitutes. I decide to take the Simplf'

middleoof-the.mm,”rel mud
' ' 1 ' a the late
show at the Madison mien 9 class alternative and alien

NOVEMBER. 1975

Saturday night at the bijou: three bucks. “Tickets for two?" asks the
cute homespun highschooler behind the glass booth. Pretty smart kid.
The nearest humans to me are the six middle ages couples sitting in
couches against the wall. twenty feet behind me.

“No. just one. My girlfriend is next door at Price Chopper. She'd rather
stay in the produce section."

"I can't blaaame ‘er."

As I wonder if her glass booth is bulletproof. the middle aged couples
begin to stare at me. havinglittle betterto do since their marriages have
gone past the conversing stage.

High school sweethearts start flocking in now. I watch with interest
as they cuddle and then before long begin to tease each other and then
argue and then icin stare off and then make up and then cuddle. and
after six repetitions of this I know that either the second showing better
start or I'm jumping the girl in the glass booth. '

Finally the early show lets out and my group of about 100 begin to

'- enter. I lag behind so I can see where everyone eISe is sitting, so I can
' then grab a seat which will not be near any of them.

This puts me in the sixth row whereI am not only overwhelmed by the
picture. but can also see which actors or actresses needed to blow their
nose before they shot their scene.

Taking my seat, I notice that one of those seldom-used travel logs is
on. This one is about the beaches of Germany. which is surprising since
the most well known land I‘ve seen before in these shorts was Pago-
Page.

“Tourists delight in finding. when they come to Germany," says the
voice which was done on a moog synthesizer. "that Germans are really
a lot of fun when you immerse them in water. .  Where the hell is the
picture?

After a nebulous cartoon that proves how far animation has sunk
since Bugs Bunny. the feature begins. It is Farewell My Lovely. with
Robert Mitchum. from the Raymond Chandler detective mystery which
I once read.

Despite this, it takes me a little while to get into the film. I realize the
audience is watching me. In a way. being in frontis intense because you
have no people in front'of you! and if you‘arelike me. no one with you.

But then I realize that everyone else is not only seeingthe picture. but
me as well. I imagine husbands whisperingto their middle-class mates.
"who's that queer down there by himself?..why‘s he alone?..who‘s he
hiding from?"

And the wives nod or maybe shush their husbands. But nah/1. within
their oppressed and Sui-pressed dish pan heads. the most perverted
thoughts ol‘ all go on: “that guy's down there so that we can‘t see him
masturbate when the pretty girls are on the screen...0r maybe the pretty
boy

 

behind me and are ushered into a world of gun molls. grimy murders.
sleazy cops and aging shamuses. I'm caught in its mood like awarm get
or a cold stiff.

“I tell you. it was just a Bogart type movie." says some kid to his
girlfriend after the picture ends and lets out into the lobby.

Fool. In the 40‘s they made ten of these films a week. And it wusn'tjust

 

    
   
    
     
      
        
     
     
      
       
   

 

 

 

 

Bogart either. man. It was Garfield. Lorre. Chan. It was the whole world.
I walk across Madison against the light. A cop car has pulled
somebody over about a block away. I wonder why. I wonder why I don't
smoke burned-down cigarettes. I make my way for my car. I may drive
around until a shot rings out somewhere.
Before I put my hand on the door though. I realize I was supposed to

pick up some Dow Oven Cleaner at Price Chopper while up here. I turn -

and the glaring lights of the supermarket meet my eyes and draw me in
like the arms of a soggy vegetable.

Sunday morning. Waking up Sunday morning with someone next to
you is the best of all possible worlds. A feeling of clam and Contentment,
yet a desire to do something like get the paper and go out for breakfast.
Active. aroused. aware.

 

I lag behind so I can see where everyone else is
sitting. so I can then grab a seat which will not be
near any of them.

 

 

Eventually though. my thoughts work their way down from the rows ‘

 

This runs through my head as I awaken early and alone. with my face
buried into my pillow. My hand reaches instinctively for the radio on
my night stand. My old Panasonic. My most steady companion since I
broke up with the nymphomaniac freshman year.

I feel the on-off button and press gently but firmly. I slide my hand to
the side where the station selector rests. Round and smooth. as 1 role my
hands around it, sliding one finger into the grove in its middle. The
stations flick by. offering a million moods and feelings.

Finally I hit a romantic song. Frank Sinatra or someone—singing
about someone special. A presence seems to enter the low-lit room like a
smooth hand massaging the small of my back. I slide to the tone control
where an easy shove creates deep whispery sounds.low but constant...

My mind. deep within the feathery recesses of the pillow. resolves that
on Monday. I had better start making some friends.

I

| .1 pl- m. l lillwi do”. .)

.iiwlwinu'mw l i L

“whim ll.
.ylin

“.‘ll '.ll')| H‘Mll‘
Milllllll‘.

.Iniuulmim,
l iw'll- [.m.

.m I] '. tummy,
in Moon.“

. HIM-i I ll Wuil‘ .luip ‘wnmml‘.
.muly Willi hill-i I-|| Ml'lllhl'l‘Jllll mil“.
MllNllll V Il\l‘[ ‘. (H l l Hi i) UN ‘il‘l (.l/Xl Ml Mlil ll‘.ll|l‘llli ‘.|ll H llll‘ll ‘.
WHILH IN( I HUI
('imliw .iiiil l‘imlivr llmihuul lIi [)l‘lllll (.um n m: .i in.
A‘Jlll l‘iiilri liuii I'Il‘ / I'lalll". Ni-w ‘iumv.
l .ulvin .lllil Wl".ll'lll l‘li-Iu-,u|ilw

INTRODUCTORY OFFER/MEMBERSHIP NOW ONLY $10

       

 

 

 

Aumnmu lundmland you will mail ml NAME
each month an information cent on next z——_’“————W
I monllnllpt. ll I do not want that selection. cnv STATE I
l milk the eppioprills box and mail the curd z". PHONE |
‘ bark. lwlll only iocoivnln ultetiomthll WW
lntmtl me and I have prepaid lot. I under. COLLEGE '
I mod the uni mutt be milled but within 1—7
I 10 days. Mail is CHAIM m U. '
CNECK HERE IF YOU 00 NOT WANT TO

Ul'wﬂnﬂldlA-ﬂ

 

   
 

NOVEMBER, 1975

   

ASPECTS

PAGE FIVE

   
  
 
   
       
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 

    

  

 

«Mt-M, .... $— 

  
     
  
    
 
    
  

