g: I H ‘e ‘i V Disney
ch octets hitch as Captain Hook is
,s a alwaysplticking sltins

 r 1‘ Disney. creatures‘ peti-‘
tron. ins g they join the same un-'
‘tion that hot’dog barkers at Disney
_ g o.
., p , tom ‘ ‘ ‘ V E ’ I
 that State Police ageenylslllilzriﬂz “Pi... 9r?” Chum" mm
“mm  _ ea.esath V
4...';....t.".:s::':s:':2u':r.:: "9' W
Judge Lowe is expected‘to-re‘ndera $332?” kaey Mon” mu" so

I decision in the case hterthis month.
Million Dollar
Johns

The Committee to End Pay
Toilets in America. perhaps better

Mice to Unite!

Are you ready for the

Amalgamated Mice ofA '

, menu?
Those costumed hosts at Dis-
neyland. the Donald Ducks. Peter

known 'as “CEPTIA”. reports there
are an estimated 50.000 pay johns in
the US. grossing an incredible $30

come up with g
moment of need; and charges that

vain-operated stalls3'sre “sexist”.

carrix President Michael Geesel
; states theyare sexist because mm are
forced to pay only a fraction ofthe
time they use (the restroom while
women are' compelled to spend a
dime every time’ they use the toilet.
CEI’I‘IAI claims its greatest victory
thus far was “liberating the toilets of

 Chicago.” Chicago’s City Council

voted recently 37-8. to outlaw all pa

4 toilets in that city. ,

r The problem. says Sanders. isthat, .

pets and humans do'n't think the
same way. Sanders states what might
be regarded as a pleasant experience
to a human often causes aniprals to’
become “helpless and disarm”.-. «
, The most common of pets treated
for “bad trips” are dogs, says'Siin
Francisco Veterinarian Doctor
Charles Galvin. When a stoned dog
is brought in. Galvin states, its
stomach is pumped. it is given a
sedative. and it usually recovers in
about l2 hours.

Galvin says he has seen instances
where dogs on acid jump backwards
as if something invisible were scaring
them. He states that they will often
stare at something like a table leg or
a lamp for hours.

Cats. Galvin says. “are pretty
good about staying away from
drugs." Galvin says he‘s also treated
stoned monkeys. parakeets and
guinea pigs.

The S.P.C.A.‘s Sanders reports
that shipping psychedelics to pets
was quite common in the late l960's.
He says. “Fortunately. the whole
thing has started to taper of .“‘

- missioner of the l. R.S. North Atlan-

targets listed for‘inve i' ' -
Special Services staff?i mam" hm

.This' is spelled out in

' ii
written by an I.R.S. commissli‘tlriZ?
tn l9.72 and released by Rat h
Naders tax reform research group
In that memo. John Flynn. the Col-ii:

tic Region. outlined a broad rangcof
‘. ideological groups“. includin
rock festival patrons. who it:
vesttgators' were told to keep track
of.

I.R.S. spokesperson Leon Levine
conﬁrmed that concert-goers were
targeted in the memo; Levine states
he believes the placing of rock
patrons on an “enemies list" was
poor judgment.

Dirty Beer

Graenges Breweries of Sweden
reports that demand among the
Danes for its brand of bccr has been
skyrocketing ever since the Ctlmpllm
began exporting what it calls "poi-
nographic beer."

The brewery reports that in the
month of December zilunc.
Copenhagen beer-drinkers sloshcd
down more than l20,l)(l() ciinsol beer

Suspended § .  
To Now Hear 'C: barges.   

by the Amellarl Press . g r '

Students suspended from public schools for as long” IO days have'the
right to notice of thechargesagainst them and an opportunity to defend
themselves. the Supreme Court ruled today. . '

“We do not believe that school authorities must be totally free from notice
and hearing requirements if t eir schools are to operate with acceptable
efﬁciency.” Justice Byron R. hite said for the 5 to 4 majority.

Speaking for the dissenters. Justice Lewis F. Powell Jr. said the decision .
“unnecessarily opens avenues forjudicial intervention in the operation of our
public schools that may affect adversely the quality of education.”

The decision is expected to have a drastic affect on present practices .

involving suspension of students.

“.500 In N.Y.C.

A brief ﬁled with the court by the Children‘s Defense Fund showed that
thousands of students are suspended fromschoolevery year— I9.500 in New
York City alone. in l972—73.

In most cases, students and their parents are not g

explanation or an opportunity to resist.
The court‘s decision struckgdown an Ohio law providing that a school
principal may suspend a student for upto I0 days beforegrantingahearing.
The court said that generally a hearing should precede removal of astudent
from school. If this is not feasible because the presence of the student

iven any advance

CentnICouncil met Wednesday night. Jan. sis: moth SPECIAL recreations
' ’ "last

he Campus Center Assembly Hall. (Usually meets in when and whereupett

 

endangers persons_or property or threatens disruption. the court said. the
hearing should be held as soon as possible after the student is removed.

- which local they want. > ,

costs but at present in being used for the cooks» be... the‘OCSC (Off-Campus
I change.) At the ﬁrst Roll Call there were 23 members '
present. ,.

' flee...this semester housing: at
'The Meat of Your Choice“ (iatroduced by Jon [avertwnlzfona more fbxible . .v.
meal plan for on-csmpus students. Central Council supports the position that

since studentshave to purchase at least one meal. they have the option todeeide ._
“Keeping an Eye on our Groups“ (introduced by Ira Bimbaum): to insure that
groups are using their allocated money effectively. ‘ ' ' '
“Recapitulation of 747544" ('litroduced by Ira Dimbaum): that tax cards shalt .
not be checked thtsweekend since there hasn‘t been enough time for students to ‘
pick them.tsp."ln‘plaee of tax cards. SUNY lD's will be checked. , ’

  ' r.':

e resignation Ethnic Groups“ (introduced by Lew Fidler): billwas proposing

67% cut in the budget of groups considered as being 'Ethnic.‘f- Vote was 7 in .
favor. l6 against. and 2 abstentions. Those in favor: Andy Baumsn '
(Commuter)...Dave Coyne (Indian). lsew Fidler (Ind). Jon Levenson (State).
Candi Mayer (Com). Neil O‘Connor (Colonial). Ken Wax (Com). Against: Lew .
Barr (Col). Ralph Beisler (Faculty). Ed Carey (Corn). Andy Dolan (Com).
Dennis Esposit' (Com). Andy Goldstein (St). Seth Haber (St). Mark Hammer
(Dutch). Dave Kenline (Dut). Sue Leboff (Alumni). Rick Meckler (Dutch).
Dave Peresman (Com). Mike Sakoff (Com). Stu Simon (Com). Dave Weprin
(Dirt). Steve Meyer (Com). Ahsremi‘mir: Gary Bennett (Al).' Garv Cook (AI)

Albany Students Just  1

course in archaeological methods

The Department ofAnthropology
rind techniques. Following this. they

ill the State University of New York

has been 'approved. former: contact.

A second crew of students carried
out archaeological excavations near
the Mohawk River at St. Johnsvillc.

reported to their separate ﬁeld crcws
for it six-week period of survey. ex-
cavation and laboratory work.

A team ol'cight students under the
direction of Dunn R. Snow.
Associate Professor and Chairman
of the Department ofAnthropology.
conducted an archaeological survey
in the vicinity of Lake George. New
York. The objective was to iiidcntil'y
and min ris muny prehistoric
archaeological sites as possible
within a restricted area.'l'hisinclud-
ed parts of the basin of the Hudson
River. Lake George rind Lake
Chrimplain.

Paris and Big Bad Wolves who greet
patrons. have petitioned the
National Labor Relations Board to
allow them to'form a special union of

million every year.

CEPTIA now claims to have a
national membership of I600 per-
sons who are lobbying around the

at Albany has reported the comple-
tion of a successful summer
archaeological ficld program. Over
70 students took pull in five diverse
field projects. A sixth crew was coit-
tructcd by the Nuiionrtl Park Service
ill Siiriitogii. The majority ol‘thc par-
ticipating students were from SUNY
Albziny. but other institutions such
as the Universities of California.
Michigan. Columbia. New Mexico
ilttd I’cnn Suite were represented.
itittltg with SUNY affiliates.
Spectacular Log Wall
The students involved completed
an intensive three-week classroom

ya “‘HELLMAN
ruins» [HIM W

WASHINLIUN All

THE MOST
MAGNIFICENT
ENTERTAINMENT
OF 1974

New York. This group. under the
direction of William A. Storm. an
experienced doctoral candidate in
nnthropology. was involved in the
investigation rind study of the camps
ofthc early Indian inhabitants ol'thc
Middle Mohawk Vtilley.

I’ottcry Recovered

The Society for the Prevention of 
ncert Goers

decorated with pictures ol naked
women and hard core CXpiUIITCt.
The company exports it “I'orn
Beer” only to Denmark. (ititt‘llgt'\
reports no immediate plum to t‘\-
pund its innovative cun designs to III-
cludc pictures of nukctl murmur-ll
.0 g l ' ,." I -
. ‘1. - a
A crew at students excav‘ near'thqﬁghylt INCH 
l0.000 years ago to the early I‘ltli Albany Summer Scs on‘t’undsj'he
century. Artifacts rind other

Susquehanna Valley ‘ cxcnvutinns
materials are now being studied in N 'w York
the archaeological laboratory at

were supported by the .

Suite Museum and Science Service
SUNY Albany and at the University '
of Missouri.

and the SUNY Albany Summer Ses-

sion. In Guatemala. funds were from
A third field season represents the
continuation of an ongoing project

it grunt form the National Endow-

ment for the Humanities. tthUNY

at Utatlan. the capital of the Reseu rch_ Foundation illtd 3hr:

highland Quiche Maya in '5tinv..nihn’hy§§ummer’Sessiu 

Guatemala. This large crew was A ‘; HeavyWom 
directed by Associate Professor A "m" Pmlcch 1"“ Pa“ 0‘19}
Dwightvp wallucc_ SUNY Albany Summer school
“av-“om Anya tfrogrrim. took place at Saratg'ga
Kitchen areas. cisterns. drainage Battlefield Nitllﬂﬂ’i‘l-lltliﬂk The “it?”
systems and thousands of pieces of 51186136“qu l'llldwlliftkzw font ip'c-
poucry were recovered_ ‘ tion t)l',.il lltlgWull built’o'na bind pghlt-
The ﬁeld projects in the Lake form west of General Burgoyn‘e's
marge am. End in the Middic headquarters. Finding this original
Mohawk Valley were supported by fortification intact and well preseriled
the SUNY Albany Summer session. is not only of historic interest. butjt
The Wyoming crew was supported will ziid in the reconstructiontﬁsl
primarily by National Park Service Similﬂr lug SITUCIUWS Ollth fiddléf
contracts but included SUNY hilltlc. :3:

Another field crew was part of is
jointly conducted program with the
New York State Museum and
Science Service. This project was
concerned with the area of the upper
Susquehanna Valley of New York
State and was directed by Robert E.
Funk. New York State
Ar " ' 9 Here. excavations
proceeded at live sites located on the
river‘s flood plain and were dated
from 5500 to 600 years ago.

One of the two out—of—state ﬁeld

projects was in the Grand Tcton

National Park. Wyoming. A crew of
eleven students from SUNY Albany

and a faculty member from the Un-
ivcrsity of Missouri were under the
direction of Gary A. Wright.
Associate Professor of
Anthropology. They completed an
archaeologimlsurvey in the valley of
Jackson Hole and the northern por-
tion of the 'I‘cton Range. Nearly 200
archaeological sites have been found
spanning a time interval from about

than new vistas of hopefor her. 

 

Jewish Students’ Coalition presents a

stoned on marijuana or L.S.D.
about 60 different D' T
h ,. . . . .
“My e group "mm that pay (was says that many owners slip theirpets admitted that people “who attend
v C

Cruelty to Animals isout with a war
their own. ' ‘ i In . 1
United States to make all'public Eugcne Sandm' a 5P°k°sperson v 
characters. com la' '
p m “In. may have are degrading“, people th have“, u psychedelic substance in on rock festiv l “
. us were among the

ning not to allow your pets to get
The creatures, which ' '
_ Include. toilets free. l '
or the S.P.C.A. in San Francisco. The lntemril Revenue Service has
ﬁmﬂfr‘h‘iﬂt“ ""
“I C. O I. I
I k g. . ..W}WW..:..:}KV.¢2¢: acid-2'. I-I-l-E-i'I-I'I'}.2-}l'lri'2-i‘f'2‘ﬁ2-1‘ ’-2-.'
So urday, January 25th

{s'
e

:i
52:
3:1
c.-

wi-Kﬁ-ﬁ

 

$9"

-........-... .
c o . o . .'.'.'.'.'.'.‘.'

astounqu

9:00 pm

tel? sauce-screen

OII‘OIOOO‘I.’ u:-

o"

9.

Campus Center Ballroom

$.75 w/J.S.C. card

$1.25 W/‘fax

$1.75 w/o tax

..-... . ..
o.......‘-‘.-.

HIGHEST
RATING"

llthllltt ti-u-u
It i Inn’s-n

*‘ir‘k

“A WONTNY SUCCESSDR Tl) ITS PHEDECESSUB!"

-ﬂich.ird Schickul. lime Magnum:

“A MASTERFUI PIECE Of WORK! A powerful lilrn
dense and disturbing!"

hum: Slirilil NUDIV

She's the kind of young girl that feels
lonely. Feels left out. Feels the whole
world Is a hostile place.

The kind of girl who has crumbled
under the awesome pressures of a
disrupted home and an inconsistent
society. The adolescent girl who has
built a wait around herself and who
will never grow up emotionally unless
love breaks through to free her. . . .

The Sisrcas 0F Tile Goon Snark
iiasio who are religiously committed
and professionally trained dedicate

~~themselves to guiding adolescent girls

who have personal. social. and family
difﬁculties. .

As psychologists. child care and
social workers. teachers. nurses. rec-
reation leaders, and in other fields,
the sisters strive through love, under-
standing. arid total commitment to
Christ to help these girls find them- -
selves and God again.

Do you have a deep interest In
others? Would you like more infor-
mation on our apostolatc of casing?

93-"

Yes. please send the Information.
Vacation clutter
istaeits ot the 6000 Shepherds

Madonna Hail
Cushion Hill Drive. Marlboro. MA 01762

“I “y:-

nr.....iuni g

“Iiahﬂs i
 , i

last chance to join J.S.(. ot bolt-price
5%  2:

:5:
' funded by student association
this cngugement_

assesses-unstresse- amour-s}: *1-"193-1-
We

no discounts or pr

 

o':':':'l'2£-:-.\'.o}'M\s'.'.-.'.-.'. -.

 

 

 

PAGE srx
ALBANY STUDENT
PRESS
JANUARY 24. 1975 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

JANUARY 24, 1975

 

 

