 
   
     
  
 
  
 
    
  
  

  
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
 

‘ Midas: , , .
‘ can ‘t he ycholoieal tons. on
,"Swe‘dit coupl caught iii: the” dst
Mbl relo p. - ' I 
V‘ Essentially...the. ﬁlm-may be considered a social
 t'docu'm'er'tt regarding intra and Interpersonal conflicts.
’In fact. if we are to,consider any unity'among the
"various “scenes? it would necessarily stem from such .
conﬂicts. Bergman focuses upon the character of the
wife, Marianne ‘(Liv UIIman) and her role in the
marriage. Initially. it is Johan (Ettand Josephson) who
attempts ‘to escape from the marriage. However, »
Marianne undergoes a certain realization. a certain
liberation. and much of the ﬁlm then concentrates upon '
the wife's struggle to befree from the husband. Bergman
masters such a transition beautifully.

Throughout the ﬁlm the audience forms a very
deﬁnite alliance with Marianne. Afrustration develops
by which we wish to tear her away from her husband as
he coldly leaves her. One can easily empathize with her
attempt at achieving independence. We recognize the
difﬁculty Marianne has in extinguishing the love she
still possesses for Johan after the separation. And. by
the same token, we come to despise the character of
Johan who so brutally offends his wife’s dignity. as well
as her body when he assaults her in his ofﬁce.

It is signiﬁcant to realize that Scenes from a Marriage
concerns loneliness and the attempt to relieve loneliness V
through conversation. Johan and Marianne are
desperate characters. One must question the latter's

v motives regarding her attachment to her husband. Does
she cling to him for Iove‘s sake, or because she senses
this as her single source of security? Throughout it all.
Bergman his ‘ with u... ‘
Conversation becomes a means to understanding the

  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  

   
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
   

LII.

Tod Browning’s“ Freaks" ( M.G. M.. I932) is certainly
one ofthe most unusual productions ever to come out of
Hollywood. Based on the story “Spurs” -by Tod
Robbins. it is the tale of acircus midget who falls in love
with a trapeze artist. Whenytbe trapeze artist ﬁnds out
about the midget‘s -fortune she marries him and
attempts to poison him. When the other freaks of the
circus (and there are plenty of them) ﬁnd out about the
poisoning of-one of their own they take their revenge.
The set of freaks assembled in this movie are amazing.
Browning searched the circuses of the world to collect
this cast. Some of the more unusual freaks are; a human
skeleton. a human torso with no arms or legs. a man
withjust an uppertorso (beginning at the bottom of his
rib cage). a half man half woman. siamese twins.
numerous midgets. several armless people and some
pinheads. Every one of these characters is authentic.
That the movie was released in I932 by M.G.M. (the
same studio that was releasing family type
cxtravaganras with their "more stars than there are in
heaven” casts) is attributed mostly to the production
genius of Irving Thalberg. Thalbcrg. one of the major
reasons M.(i. M. had becomea major studio in the seven
years since its birth. was able to recognize the drawing
potential of a movie involving“nature‘s mistakes“. The
only thing that Thalberg failed to anticipate Was the
Hayes code. This code. which was created late in I937.
stipulated the taboo topics of the cinema. Disappearing
for many years along with the sexual allusions of" Mae
West and the violent crime genre (movies such as

 (’5)

person and the problem. It is a release for pent-up
emotions and frustrations. It is an escape from facing
that which is troublesome. But. for all the conversation
that exists. the characters do not become any closer.
There is a certain inability to emotionally touch the
other individual. ‘

Bergman is a master at evoking desired emotions.
Anguish is vividly depicted by recurring close-up shots
of faces or portions of faces. The characters become
singular. separated from those with whom they try to
interact. They become removed from society. Each
character is ultimately alone.

Hence. Bergman's Scenes front a Marriage is an
effective social document portraying two individuals
who are desperately alone unto themselves. as well as
being discontented in their supposed uniﬁcation.
Bergman does not propose any resolutions. He merely
films a sad. but natural occurrence. We are presented
with slices of life which. when combined. form Scenes
from a Marriage.

Tod Browning's ‘Freaka’: Exploitation?

"Public Enemy“ and “Scarface” got cut severely) was
“ Freaks“. It remained unseen for overthirty years when
movie codes gradually weakened enough to permit a
reissuing but not in the orginal form.

Tod Browning was an obvious choice for directinng
movie dealing with freaks as he had already gathered
experience in movies dealing with the macabre. ln"'l‘hc
Unholy 'I'hrec"( I930) and in “The Unknown“(|925) he
directed Lon Chaney whose talents in dealing with the
bizarre had a permanent effect on Browning‘s style. He
also directed “I)rucula“( l93l). which is the most
famous of his numerous mOVies.

Whether Browning has exploited freaks as people in
the film is often questioned. He is sympathetic enough
not to dwell on anyone‘s deformities for any long period
of time. Along these grounds he had handled the film

I well. However. one comes out of the movie with the

impression that these people are children. In this respect
he had handled the subject poorly.

Browning claims in his preface to the film that no
other movies dealing with freaks will ever be made as
science will soon be wiping out their existence. Forty
three years later science httsfailedto wipe out freaks but
no other movie on the subject has yet been made.
Perhaps this is because the definitive work on the
subject has already been made. “Freaks” will be shown
tonight by ll-‘(i along with “Tales From the Crypt".
another film dealing with the macabre. for Halloween
entertainment.

 

 
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
    

Israeli Film Festival-

 

 

ISRAEL AWARENESS

WEEK
Nov. 2 - 8

Informal dIsctlsIon wlth Daniel DIshon of Shiloach Imtitute on Arab Affairs-
Tues. Nov. 4 3:45 p.m. CC 375

Israeli Music Program with Ron Bartour-
Tues. Nov. 4 8:00 pm. CC Assembly Hall

Wed. Nov. 5 7:30 pm. CC Assembly Hall

Dr. Edelman will speak on Arab-Israeli Relations~
Thurs. Nov. 6 7:30 pm. HU-Zo

Information table- all week in CC

'3
s;
E:
“a
w
“l

rs. sum “Yellow Submarine" tonight at the stroke or twain.

 

Jewish Students' Cushion-Hillel

 

       

L .

PAGE 6A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  
 
 
 
 
 

‘Hearts of the West’
Forgettable Fluff

by CS. Santlno
Lewis Tater. country bumpkin and would-be writer of pulp ﬁction. is
dumb-founded and flat broke. With a suitcase and a typewriter, Tater has
struck out for Titan. Nevada. supposed home of a writer‘s college for
fledgling western authors and the answer to his embarassineg fanatical and
mostly untalented ycarnings to be the next Zane Grey. One snag. though-—
the college turns out to be a correspondence course that occupies ﬁve mail
slots in the Post Ofﬁce of one-horse Titan. Nevada. ‘
Jeff Bridges is convincingly dumb. energetic. and lovable as Tater in
“Hearts of the West.“ a neat. modest little comedy winner that is set during
America‘s depression and Hollywood's heyday. Not quite as engrossing as
“Paper Moon“.“ Hearts“ does rack upa batch of plusses for itself. drawing its
novelty from director Howard Zieff‘s bouncy, warm feel for human comedy
and the popular theory that economic foibles can be fun. And'mostly. they
are in “Hearts of the West.“
Tater‘s fun begins when he unknowingly swipes a cashbox from the two
shysters who operate the "college". A chase naturally follows and Tater loses
the con men only to find himself wandering in the desert. his underwear
wrapped around a wound on his head. singing “Ti-yi-yipee. little dogeet" As
if Tater has invoked the spirits of the old west. a posse of cowboys nearly
tramplcs our over-heated hero.
The "cowboys" are extras on the set of a grade B western, and one oftltem
introduces himselftAndy Griffith) and convinces Tater to sign up as an extra.
Tater then meets Kesslcr, a hack film director who coaxes his cowboys to be a
little more professional (“You guys are bad. I mean stinko"). Kessler is played
by Alan Arkin. who is comicly slicing as the exasperated and irritable
director. Kessler later recruits Tater as a star while trying to keep him
humble. (“You are small pottttoesl")
Like the western genre used as its springboard. "Hearts" is complete with
an updated saloon. bad guys (in black cars). a romance. and even a shOot-em-
up showdown. The film‘s sense of humor is consistenly charming and good-
natured. right down to the obligatory happy coding. The supporting cast is
fine. especially Arkin and Griffith. who round out the comedy with their own
special talents.
Despite the film‘s attractions. though. it sometimes plods andjolts Iikethc
pacing of an old nag. “Hearts of the West“ lightens and amuscs and never
really impresses—4t is a neat but distinctly minor effort that will be forgotten
as yesterday‘s lungfull of fresh air.

viDI‘IIIIIt*tltIIIIIt**********#*****#*****W
1. NOTICE: I'
"The Student Association
Bus on Fri. and Sat. night
is free to all taxpayers.

Please bring your tax card
' or ID with you on the bus

We apologize to all those who ‘
. were inconvenienced this weekend

by C'D'T'A"s mistakenly -
charging a quarter

‘lv. .

Please channel any complaints

you may have in the future

about C'D'T'A"s service or courtesy
to

Illdt l’adtlsr. SA. Vim Prulhnl. CC 346

 

 

 

OCTOBERASI, 1975

maestro-sat:nunsmwuwwsuml.

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 

by Mark 'Klltie ' '
Electric Hot 'I‘una‘s concert at the Palace Theatre.

songs from their previous. present and forthcoming
albums.

my friend Mike. we found floor space in front ofthe first
row of seats. We had already missed six or seveh cuts.

u Fridaytlctober 24 was one ofthe many exciting and i’
. entertaining shows they consistently perform. A nearly} .
ull house enjoyed them for three rind one half hours of ‘

After running from Alumni Quad tothetheatre with A

  
 

 

   
 

  

 
 

  

 
  
  
 
 

   

 

 

’ 'can‘t‘ take those scratchy/78‘s? Well.
’ weep no more—~appearing tonight

M .
rescued by the

reputable East {Sid
mill. and is rid

Glorla Jean ' a

' Like ﬁddlc'tunes but hatcﬁddles‘.’
A ove big band arrangements but
hate horns? l)ig.iimmie Rodgers but

 

and tomorrow night at the Freeze-
Dricd Coffeehouse are the Central
Park Sheiks. hearing an exotic
sound that Weds such disparate in-
fluences its Djttngo Reinhardt and

Among these were. “99 Year Blues.“ from Burgers. “I
See the Light." from lerphorcsr-em Rat and “Anot her
Man Done Gone.“ from Qua/t. Some people we knew
had quickly filled us in on what songs they had done.
The movements and expressions of the band
members were interesting to watch. Jack Casttdv. the
bass player. was almost immobile and never said a
word. He simply played his Flying-V bass and moved
his eyebrows over his glasses in a rhythmic fashion.
Jorma Kuukoncn. the lead guirarist. did ttllthc vocals
and the few announcements. He moved the guitar with
his body in swaying motions while singing ottt in it
tough. low voicc. Bob Stcclcr.thc drummer. was set up

behind thcttt and his presence divided up .lormtt and they closed

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
      
    
   
    
  
 
 
 

Explosive picking: Jorma Kaukonen, lead guitarist
and vocatlst for Hot Tuna.

around. I certainly did! Mike and I Were totally
involved. catching up to those who had been “fastened
to“ of thc onset of fire show.

the Hot Club of France. The
Western Swing of Bob Wills and His
‘I'cxtts Playboys. and the down-
homc sound of' bluegrass picking.

But you can‘t keep these boys
fetfcrcd to the push-they're con-
tinually bringing new ideas to sing
classics its well as offering outstan-
ding original material. Some of you
ntight remember the Sheiks from
their performance last year.

(iuitur ace Richard “Froggy”
Lichcrson. hailing from New York‘s
variegated llppcr West Side. handles
most of the lead guitar chores. Bob

 

W

with an excellent “Walking Blues“

lhc Shciks hare wound their way
through New York‘s “sawdust cir-
cuit.“ stopping at such notable oases

of culture as Max‘s Kansas City. The > 3 ’

l-‘olklorc Center. The South Street
Seaport. WBAl's Free Music Store.
and Lil Mama Experimental Theatre
Club.

the virtuousin of the Sheik‘s
performances enhanced by a sense
of Immor best described its bit/arc—
promisescxcitcmcnt for music lovers
of many different backgrounds.
lhcir versatility and taste another
rare commodity these dttys r—tlt’t:

Jack on stage. He played well httt frequently was out-

tollowcd by an overwhelming encore of "Imitation."

powered by the wall
and Jack in fusion.

:if'sottnd created by Jormrt

both lrom lhc cttrrcnf album. America's ('lmit'r'. .lormtt

llipkcns. most recently from the
Bluegrass State of Kentucky. is one

guaranteed to knock your socks
down.

Altitlllglllclll'si songs Mikeand I heard wcrc.“I-’unkv
NoftT‘ and " Rock Me Ilahy." followed by “Scrpcnf of
Dreams." The crowd was digging the show it lot and
now people new really getting into the songs. Smiles
and approving laughter filled the floor and Hot Tuna
responded generously.

The song “Rock Me Iiuhy." n .lcflcrson Airplane
classic. is now at lavurltc llot luno concert ifllll. I'hc

‘ cxctfing lyrics and loud. cotttmonding sounds are well
known to fund fans. 0n “Serpent of Dreams.“ .lorma
song the piercing lyrics in exact harmony with the
beautiful bass and lend rills. drawing smiles rind ycl ps of
approval from the crowd.

'l'hcn Tuna introduced a songcnfitlcd “Ilot Jelly Roll
Iilucs." from their forthcoming album. .lormn lustcncd
a slide to his finger and wailcd rtwny. crcnting dill'crcnl
sounds in that classic .iortnn style. the nudicncc reacted
with tremendous cheering and tuna felt the electricity

was it“ over his guitar at this poittt. picking a complex
assortment of leads. A fight climax was reached by
I l:5f) p.m. and they left the stage amidst cries of"'Morc"
front the audience.

.lormn‘s distinct ability to prodttcc so mnnysoundsrtt
ottcc from his guitar is phenomenal. While one hand is
scnsitncly and precisely coordimtling fire truck. tltc
other is accurately picking cxplosivly. Jack‘s style is
consistent and flawless. lltc sound he crentcs'l'low
ltcfltllllllll)‘ with .lormn‘s and together they produce It
httrrugc that practically tmprixons yott.

I-l\cryonc prcscnt cnjoycd the show. and Mike and l
were no exceptions. \Vc hcurd a nice cross section of
lunn's albums with n concentration on .‘Iliit'l'it'tl'.\
(fruit-c. Iiccttusc Junior and Jack go back ten years with
the Jefferson Airplane. they l‘L‘lillC and communicate
catch others patterns very well. how. if any combinations
of rock musicians have lasted solongundcontributed so
much music.

 

My

Drummer Bob stealer and Jack Candy on bass lay the foundation of
the Hot Tuna sound ~

Evening of Power, War & Death

by Steve Ganz

The Albany
Orchestra's second of eight
“bicentennial” concerts was a
success last Saturday night as
Maestro Hcgyi lcdfhc corps f hrough
an cxhilirnting program. I’iunisf
Garrick ()hlsscn. I970 Chopin Corti-

Symphony

hulf of the concert. consisting of
Iiccfhovcn‘s monumental
"Emperor" Concerto.

lltc works in the first half.
although lesser known were equally
as powerful. Arthur l-lonncggcr‘s lit-
flc heard Symphony lift. “The
Liturglquc" is a programnnttic reac-

tion to WWII. The work is a tone

petition winner. tent a pair of helping
painting portraying the machines.

hands as he dominated the second

 

 

Rensselaer Union Concert Board "
presents x
l

POCO .
McKendree Spring
Sat. Nov. 1 8 PM ‘

Proctor’s Theatre
Troy
Tickets: $5.50, $6.00

OUTLETS: Discount Records- Stuy. Plaza
Record Town— Colonie Er Rensselaer
Midland Records- Colonie Center
Times Center Jewelers- Schenectady
(HVCC) Campus Center

Siena Student Center l
“9088- QEOQEQQkSLOLs. ‘

bxxxx

 

 

 

killing and depression ofthc war; we
are. however rclievcd at the end in
thc Dona Nohis I’ttccm (Give Us
I’cncc) where a vision of' peace
amidst turmoil shines through.

lhc ASO achieved its intended

goal: this emotionally Wrtlughl
symphony received a truly cx—
prcssnc reading the strident

sounds of the hrass clcurly cott-
trttslctl wnh lllt.‘ lyrically sweet
mcltsmns ol the solo Ilutc: harshness
\\|Ill delicacy; war with pence. A dis-
sonance lollonmg lhc uppurcuf con-
sonnnf Imnl cntlcncc suggested.
houctcr. flint \tc have not really won

yct.

Richard Stnttss‘ “Death and
'l'rnnsl'igurttfion“ appropriately
followed. "Death" is another tone
poem. although here we witness the
struggle of one man with death. his
sweet memories and his ultimate
defeat. The ensemble. once again.
imbued the work with emotion. The
piece procccdcd smoothly from one
section to the next. magnificently
climttxing in the final "ascent". l'his
ascent almost scented infinite. tltc
orchestra responding accordingly.

Beethoven's Piano Concerto "5.
" l he litnpcror“ concluded lhc
program. the work is in three
movements. the powerful but lyrical

 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxy

 

lite Bijou

f 50 Csiutt'dOttadeul

 

 

 

FtedAslaitteattdQudaGatcuutt

I“
; Easter Parade
: summit 7:30am! «too

£67

i .75 TAX “.00 um

 

first movement. the exquisite an-
tilttlit.‘ lending witltotrt pause into the
robust l'inttlc. Mr. ()hlsson moved cf-
fortlessly through these phases. His
technique flowing at times and
forceful at others paralleled the
meaning ofcuch section. All nuances
were handled well. ()hlsscn in corn-
plctc control fit all times. the
orchestra. as it contrasting instru-
ment. was an ttdcqutttc foil for the
piano: although. at times. one would
have appreciated the larger body
playing about half as loudly. ts-
pcclnlly when the winds accom-
pnnicd the solo parts. The nndttntc
was. for me. the highlight of the
whole cvcnlng its lyrical beauty
flawlessly rc\ctt|cd. I

the ctcntng ended quietly with an
unidentified solo encore by Ohlsson.
lt cpttomi/cd both simplicity and
tranquility r a logical conclusion to
an c\cning replete with power. war
and death.

 

 

Wigwam!

for a Ski Vacation loin the Sunya
5th Jan. 4-14. 1976

Schruns. Austria $449

Inc: Airfare. ‘1 ground transfers. lst
class hotel with private bath. Zntcals
it day. pool and sauna. tt'nvel bags.
parties. all taxes and tips...

Phy. Ed. academic credit

-untlmlted sitting for $33

Contact:.tohn Morgan .
457-4831

-|oin tn the best of sltl tours

 

 

J

 

 

 

"L
 OCTOBER 31, 1975

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7A

 

