 
   

    

     
  
       
   
    
  
   
    
      
     
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
    
    
  
   
   
  
   
   
    

v

;y~aneamauqueagiéaushdﬂwimnh*~m..- <q

,.,~,.,\,~w~.

4‘)”

M
..._..;.;».W’7~,tr 

.:S£s-w

 

 

Haw lln I’m like Dem Amines!

by Rachel and Risa

t seems that a vast majority ol

SUNYA students now opt to

live ott campus. One at the
major advantages seems to be the lux-
ury at cooking tor oneselt. Most at us
are on a tight budget and enjoy cook-
ing and eating as cheaply as possible,
though not always enjoying. in view at
that tact we have decided to compose a
weekly cooking column U sing recipes
at our grandmothers, lriends and
triends' lriends we hope to open a new

world ot eating pleasure tor you and

your housemates.

Remember rule No.1, what is in
season is abundant and cheap. Ap
propriately, we begin October with the
apple.

Now is the timeto get the last healthy
glow in your cheeks, and enjoy the
changing loliage by taking a drive to
Altermon‘s orchard outside at Albany
and pick a bushel ot apples tor $2.25.
This bushel will go a long way. Then
there's rule No.2, whatever you cannot
eat, you can lreeze.

As a light dessert ol a sidedish to
enhance any meal, a close second to
coleslaw comes applesauce. Easy to
make, easy' to keep and delicious.

Applesauce
tt-lU apples (use delicious or macin-
tosh and the most bruised)

V4 cup sugar
2 tablespoons cinnamon
1 cup water
dash allspice
Peel, decore and grate the apples.
Place all tngrediants together and
simmer tor 20 to 30 minutes in a
saucepan until it thickens to a saucy
texture.
The next dish is the all—American
lavorite apple pie. it you're lazy you
can always buy a ready-made pie

crust in the grocery and just add in titl-
ing. it you're ambitious, make your
own—it's always better.

Pie Crust
l cup'tlour
Il2 cup butter
salt
6 tablespoons ot cold water

Silt the ttour and salt together. With a
lork add butter. 'l'hen add the cold

 

 

 

 

 

SUNYA Concert Board

MNAissmscs
“gossamer

At The PALACE THEATRE

Tuesday, October 21

8:00 p.m.

water and stir with atork Holt into a ball
and put in wax paper and chill in
retrigerator tor one hour.
Apple Filling
8-10 apples peeled, decored and cut
into small pieces
1 cup sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
'/2 cup honey
V2 cup nutstany you might have in the
house) chopped tinety
raisins optional

'l'oss together in a mixing bowl and
put aside. Hemove dough lrom
retrigeralor and put on lloured wax
paper. ltoll it with a lloured rolling pin
until the dough is t/slhinchthick. Place
dough in 8" pie tin. Pierce bottom with
lork to make a lew holes. Now add the
tilting into the pie tin. trim the crust to
tit tin and cut all excess.

Topping
‘/2 cup butter
V2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup ttour

Mix until crumbly and in pea-sized
shape. Puton top at titling. bake at 3/5”
tor 50 minutes or until the crust looks
brown. Check lrequenlty.

We hope it turns out to be a success.
it not there is always the r'reiholer's tac-
tory. So until we eat again, bon appetil.

RENAISSANCE jf‘f',“,‘l’."'“""'

til-lSn-utuu

TICKETS: $3 for SUNYA students w/tax

$5 for general public

TICKETS now on sale in S.A. Contact Office from 10 a.m. to 2p.m.

Bus tickets on sale Wed-Thur

ncxsrs ALSO ON SAtE AT THE PALACE

s.-Fri. in $.A. contact office lOa.m. to 2 p.m.
$.50 round trip

,l'umlurl lu' rim/um (l.\.i'ut'ltllltnl

 

 

PAGE TWELVE

 

ASPECTS

OCTOBER

0
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t

r--------

-- ell-nu. ‘ID an» -- -p all-1.. CI. 1-. II. «II-1.. «lb 1-. 1-

tethered In a ﬂinging 

by Madeline Gutman
n September 1, New York Telephone instituted a new
a system that did absolutely nothing to improve customer
relations: Directory Assistance is no longer a tree
servrce.

'l'hat‘s bad enough, but not until one is presented with an
outline ol the system itsell does it become clear that the phone
company is completely uneducated in the line art at simplicity.
the basics ol this ingenious little plan are these: You are credited
thirty cents it you do not call inlormation at all during the billing
period, twenty cents it you make one such call, ten cents it you
make two, no credit it you make three. Nothing at all happens to
you tor calls number tour, live and six. No credit, no charge,
nothing Alter that, however, the inlormation calls are ten cents
apiece.

Many people have expressed dismay over the logic at this
system. r'ew have reacted like Marilyn, however, who has
earned hersell a reputation as somewhat at a loan at Arc among
her lriends. Marilyn is not hastile or contrary. Nor is she
aggressive. Yet her battle cry was heard loud and clear when she
attempted to her brother's new phone number in Saratoga. She
and her lriends wondered it she would be charged lor an
inlormation call tor a new listing. the sat around the table,
listening in astonishment to one end ol the conversation with the
business Ullice.

"But i can't look the number up in a phone book. it's a new
number.

"Well, why do i have to pay tor the call then, il 1 can't get the
number any other way'? But, that not right . . . 1 want to registera
complaint... no, the phone is not in my name. .. Yes. UK, thank
you."

totally exasperated, she dialed Directory Assistance and gave
the operator a name in Saratoga.

"it's a new listing. Yesterday. You don‘t get the new listings
until a lew days alter the phone's put in? Well, look, since you
couldn't give me the number, am i going to be charged lor this
call?

"that doesn‘t make any sense. i know 1 made the call, but you
didn't give me any inlormation. Why do i have to pay tor it?"

No injustice is too minor to try to correct, especially it it's the

 

 

phone company you get to bother. Back to the bustnessUttice.

“Y es, 1 just called tolite a complaint about Directory Assistance
charges. 1 want to tile another complaint. 1 don't understand why
1 have to pay tor a call when they can't give me the inlormationl
need. 1 know, but it' s not listed and even it it were, i couldn't look it
up because 1 don't have a phone book lor Saratoga.

"ts there a charge tor the phone books? U.K., then, i want to
order a set at phone books. For where? UK, let's see. Nassau and
Sutlolk counties, Queens. Brooklyn, Manhattan, Westchester,
Hockland, Hochesler, Syracuse, bullalo andil Lackawanna is not
included in the bullalo book. i want one tor Lackawanna, What
do you mean, you have no record at a call lrom this number to
Hochester? What does that have to do with anything? that's
ridiculous, maybe t'll want to make a call to Hochesler soon. You
can only request a phone book lor an area you've called belore?
’l'hal's absurd. 1 want to tile a complaint."

by this time, Marilyn was practically trothing at the mouth. She
hung up and spent the next tilteen minutes shaking her head
and llapping her arms. the phone company does not have a
tranquilizing etlect on most people, but lor Marilyn, dealing with
them had become an exercise in absurdity. Nor diditend here.

t'he lirst phone bill cameand it was received and opened with
the cries ol joy that only an envelope lrom New York 'l'elephone
can provoke. it was a hall-month bill, and the Directory-
Assistance—Billing-Mastermind had divised a special plan tor
just such an occasion.

Marilyn called to lind out why she was credited live cents tor
two inlormation calls. The response: For one-hall month, you are
credited tilteen cents lor making no inlormation calls, live cents
lor one or two inlormation calls, and you'are"charged'len cents
tor each call above two, because you can divide the thirty cent
credit in hall, but you can‘t divide three calls in halt because you
can't make hall a call lhetherelore on a hall month bill, you lorleit
the three tree inlormation calls you'd normally get on a lull
month bill alter you used up the initial thirty cent credit on the
lirst three inlormation calls . . .

Marilyn, aren’t you sorry you asked?

 

 

"what's

up Josh?"

 

Fill rovrmrn 7th

 

 

Mountain Productions Presents

in Concert

BONNIE EMT?

in SPECIAL GUEST

TOM WM'l'S

 

PM“ THEME

3PM Tun.-Wad.-Sat.

 

 

REDKEN- REGA CUT- SHAPE-UP PRODUCTS

PLAZA 7
UNISEX SALON

Now a full-service salon for the entire family

(men-women-children)

2 Barber Stylists (specializing in Rega cuts)

Rega Cuts $7.00 and up /men and boys Reg. $4.00

2. Beauty Salon Stylists

Plaza "7" Shopping Center
Troy- Schenectady Road
Latham, NY.

Phone 785-5320

Raga Cut Styling Thurs. and Fri.

 

 

Tickets Available at: 9 m h s m "Mn. by , cm to 9 m
J UBT A SONG and the Palace Theatre "momma"
mars: 51. 5.50 33.25 i p
' I ' m" Mal ﬂaunt

 

,u .

 

