 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
       
         
        
  
 
  
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
   
    
  
    
  

W's.

 

 

. g,_....__—...~.-Mmanr....

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

  

 

 song. A song with momma“.
For armament I held back’ the Juvenile impulses it aroused in

r . me. But'finally. uncontrollably, the car began to drift along as if on

automatic. while my time of mind shifted back gently into reverse. '

I had my first sexual experience at 13. It was alate autumn afternoon-
as an eighth-grademe fidgeted upon the couch in my living room.
Nervous because my parents were home. Nervous because they were
also in the room.  ’ , * ‘ .

One should not interpret this as meaning that I witnessed my parents
committing a sexual act or that I committed oneaiidmy parents were
either very liberal or else very short of auditory and ocular capacities.

No. nothing so dramatic was happening—could happen—to me. The
occurrence could ‘only be cerebral for, quite frankly, I was hopelessly
dragging my sexual feet at that time of life. I realized this later in
retrospect, but up to that moment I’ didn't know what was going on.
though I had often sensed that something was wrong.

Love, you see. had been an easy practice for me in grade school. Girls
simply came over to my desk and gushed over me. I picked the one who
was to be my girlfriend. There was a sense to life. a grand design.

' That love had a physical side was evident to me in fourth grade. I was
in love with Ellen Goldhamer for obvious reasons. She was not only a
beautiful piece of.undeveloped womanhood. but since we were the two
tengzu'test kids in class. I derived most pleasure from outscoring her on

e s. ‘

On one occassion Ellen passed her daily note across the room to me.
Usually this consisted of something like. “What do you think of Patrice

- Lumumba? Love Ellen." (We were the only two in class who knew about

people like Patrice and Dag Hammerskjold and Gordon McRae.)

This day however. the note simply read. “I love you Vinny."

My reply beneath it. I must admit. was prompted by at least two parts
Zanli‘ty, but also an element of honest curiousity. "Why?" I passed it

ac

The response below came back simple and sincere, God bless her.
“because you're tall. dark. and handsome."

A revelationl. I thought. Unashamedly. I passed the exchange around
the room for the rest of the class to, inspect and learn from.

(I felt a bit silly of course: not being all that tall then, or even now.
Ellen was more thamashamed: didn't talk to me for a week and fur the.J
rest of the year herlnotes never got more intimate than, “Do you think
Robert Preston wears a toupee?"  r. n

Things began to change in sixth grade. One day I innocently pointed

 

 
 
  

    
  

 
 

 

  
 
   

 

 

 

my middle finger at a girl—overhand. mind you—and her friends begun
to giggle. I asked my mother about this response that night. "They‘re
bad girls," said mom. I

Bad girls! My head seemed overloaded by the term. Journeying to my
room. I began to swat at an imaginary baseball until my pulse returned
to normal.

Within weeks. a friend‘s not-much-older sister had depicted a sexual
encounter for my astounded ears. Even if she had been more accurate,
with the correct things positioned in the correct places in the correct
ways. the process could not have seemed more abhorrent. I wandered
into my basement where I could swing at the baseball more freel v.

The next day I questioned the sixth grade’s most Worldly chap. and
future motorcycle cop. Bob Deyo, to confirm the worst. "It used to he
done that way." said Deyo instead. “but now its done by machines.“

By seventh grade I knew that there were no machines. The situation
had become nerve-racking. Girls no longer approached me. I heard of
parties where guys and girls felt things.

I was never invited. Class stud Bruce Lindenbaum began to make fun
of my baggy pants, my argyle socks. my unbuttoned-downed Shirts. I
became known as the class clown. At homeI began tossing footballs m
the air to myself in the backyard. I’d run with them for touchdowns. l'd
tackle myself.

. This went on for over a year. I became the greatest pass-catcher in
Junior high school. The neighbors began to peer into my backyard and
circulate the rumor that the Reda's were, developing a new strain or
1%   {gf’iﬁqrrien grewifri ailing , tSélf:

h henl :me tha afternoon iii ‘e‘i‘ght‘o ra'de iii n thé‘dﬁo movie on
c an e .. . . ,. . .
Roma—“331i;sz Picnic . I watchednwit‘h urnyrfparepts as Wllllillll

. ' Vagabond—journéyed' into a small town and
discovered Kim Novak, the fertile young woman whose sensuality
could not ‘I ; (er-"tained within the town’s limits.

It was Kim s . .rst picture and she was perfect. Later in life she would
say my career was a bust." but in the oppressive early fifties. her
sensual energy was unbounding.

The shoulders for instance. round though not fleshy. Her thighs. so

supple they lay between the soft cotton dress. Her waist. her hips— my
God. everywhere there were circles curving tightly into circles.

And then the scene at the picnic. A hot summery night. the hot clamy

bodies. the people dancing outdoors on adim. lantern-lit stage. Then the
people faded off—faded like their lives—leaving Kim and Bill in the
center With a song. Moonglow, controlling their rhythm.

Errol Garner on the piano here. bluesing the melody just right. But I. he
continued on page elcvml

 

GOING OUT OF

   
      
     
   
     
     
 
     

BUSINESS”
A TERRIFIC CHANCE TO
SAVE ON UNIQUE a
UNUSUAL CHRISTMAS GIFT

Outstanding Reductions
on Everything]!

INDIA HANDICRAFTS
.1178 WESTERN AVE.

across from Shop-Rite
PHONE: 438-1924

 
 

Join two SUNYA students on
in tour of America, Jon 1-]! Lil
Albany-Chlcogo-Colersdo-Wctl Const-
ArIseno-New Orleans-ﬂorldn-lmt Cooet- \ 4 
NVC-Albnny-pelnts lnbetwuwloln in ".
ﬂﬂm‘htl. ea routelll .
ort- lstonco riders too.

Coll Ken 377-9331/Jlm 7-8981

 

u
I

 

 

 

llillv.
ll .

@®W@®E®%

187 Lark St.
Albany
434-4312

 

We have 400 acres 0

for cross country

 

S . And weoffersales, rentals, Art Deco Furnishin s and H h Id
mm 9 trails and instruction by qualified Ited‘is ouse o
_ ’ bSkiShOp Swedish cross country skier"
s Tage Andersson starting this
mm Saturday.
We HEJSAN smst
HOURS: Tue-Fri. 5 PM-9 P 58784
Sat. 9 AM- 5 PM 4772
N 2775

Mens and Women’s Origional Fashions
1920-1950

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

g...

 

 

 

 

 

Employment 
increase in my allowance. career girl  and realise that.

Unfortunately. I never got a raise _ 4
in my allowance, soil was write to my heart's content and

by Jill Cohen
I had just gotten the word

that myjournalistic career

would have to be put off for
anotherrsemester, andl knew what
I had to do. It was Thursday.
November 13. 1975. Once again,
my hopes had to be pre-empted by
my burning desire to pay the rent.
And when the New York State
Legislature comes to town. the
rent somehow always seems to
take care of itself.

Coincidentally. it was on
November 13. 1975 that the
Governor. Hugh Carey, decided
that it was time for the
Assemblyman and Senators to
join him in Albany for a special
session. When they arrived. Carey
was not here to meet them. but I
was, with open palm. When the
Legislature is in session. the
opportunities for public relations
people are almost as numerous as
they are for prostitutes.

Not feeling quite ready to
assume the latter position. I
wormed my way around the
newsmen on the Assembly floor
towards the ‘ seat of my most
logical choice for an employer. my
former boss. Assemblyman
Richard E. Mannix.

As I walked toward his desk. I
recalled the first time I had
approached him for a job. All I
knew about him then was his
name. Mannix (I think I was
expecting Mike Connors in a
three-piece suit).ltarnd the [‘11-’ng
after his name. The", . for
Republican. made meﬂs‘omewhat
comfortable. sincek‘ml’os't of my
political associates were afflicted
with that disease. The C. for
Conservative, made me
squeamish. I pictured Ronald
Reagan cleverly disguised as
Mike Connors.

He wasn’t a dashing television
detective. but he wasn‘t Ronald
Reagan. either. He was actually
more like my father: soft-spoken.
more of a sage than a maverick.
dressed in the same grey suit that
he probably wore fifteen years
ago. Asking this man for a raise
was like asking my father for an

_ Withthe W
few other legislators wouldlet me ' I received
' - benefits: -oi
lunch ordtnne
even paid som
But no financi , ,tm' A,
next session. That would comil
decided. when the special see I ‘1 ,
ended. , , _ 

It is now Friday. November. 8,1. (
1975. I'm tired. I've cut classes;
neglected assignments..missed .
dinner engagement. ‘ Mannix. is
tired. He's missed speaking-_
engagements. neglected his law.
practice. he misses his wife and:
children. There is talk that another-
session will last until
Thanksgiving. or longer. I don’t
know if I'll get my raise. andl don't
know if I care.

Maybe I should have opted for
prostitution. ' ‘ ~-/

  
 
 
 

extremely nervous. that I would keep the job. raise or
Requesting an annual salary no raise. Gloria Steinem would-liei I,
increment is hardly unusual. but I ashamed of me.
decided to push my luck and ask I had enough politician left in
for an increase of 100 per cent. meto seethatlstillliadafewcards
Double. Not exactly on anyone's left to play. Although most of the
list of how to cut state game plan was ruined. there was
expenditures. But a combination still the overexposure trick. I
of poverty. encouragement from would work during the few days of
friends. a cut in parental support. the special session. be around to
and the ego-satisfying inner answerthe untended phones. write
feeling that I was worth the extra releases. type letters. My mother
money set me off on a well once told me that if I wanted
thought-out strategy of dubious something from somebody. ‘ l
consequence. should make myself
The strategy began as I greeted indispensable. Although I was
my unsuspecting prey.“Hello. Mr. never quite able to become
Mannix. Yes. I'll be coming back to indispensable enough to her to
work for you next session. How accomplish my ulterior purposes.
are you? How did the elections go? I waswilling to give it another try.

How are your nine kids?" I asked. .
Be-Holden to Kim

What I was thinking was: "Hello,
continued from page ten

Mr. Mannix. How many kids do
you have this year? Will you hire
me again? Will you give me bass behind him was everything. The bass was Kim. From across the
$2000?“ But such directness was dance floor she looked at Bill and swayed to it. approached to it. supple
not part of the strategy. My plan shoulders going forward to back. teasing to it.
was fairly simple: offer my time. Bill approached in kind; so awkward. so stiff an actor. Yet he began to
gratis. during the special session look good somehow. snared. guided solely by her. “Christ.” my mind
(it wouldn‘t last more than two or choked. “what a woman can do for a man!"
three days). churn out daily “kill Nearer they came and the romantic “Picnic” theme began to overlap
Carey" press releases. regurgitate the other. Violins—the soft mushy violins of the fifties. There waslove
everything I've ever learned about now. but there was still that base andthose blues. That damned bass and
effective PR. and when it was all Kim.
over, ask for the raise. Within the movie. Kim's sister, played by a thirteen year—old Susan
Unfortunately, patience is not Strasberg. whose future film career would parallel my own life. in
one of my virtues. En route to his exploring new degrees of mediocrity, .looked on. She was becoming
office in the Legislative Office violently ill. but not from the booze she had drank—no. from the
i f Building, he asked me to rejoin his ‘ oilerwhelming sensuality revealed to her forming mind.
staff. an ‘ I" unconditionally ‘ She left the scene. but I forced myself to remain to the fade-out. The
agreed. It was approximately one glances now close. the music inseparable.
hour after our reunion thatltotal- My parents. glancing from one of the partners on the sreen to the
1y disregarded all the tactics and other. were experiencing their own various levels of envy and horny. as
principles of of two years of I groped my way past them to the bathroom.
studying diplomacy. I walked It was a gradual process of course. but frOm that moment onI began to
quietly into his office. regain sexual credibility in my world. By sophomore year in high
“Mr. Mannix. could we discuss school the last of my argyles were purposely ruined. My shirts came
salary for next session?" back in style. People invited me to do things again.
' ‘ Well. sure." He was as Yet stability could never destroy the idealsfostered on that afternoon.
apprehensive as I was. Or the knowledge. I have known good women and will know others. Our
“Do you think I could have. um . eyes will meet. there will be embrace. and the love strings of “Picnic”
.. twothousand dollars?"lwished may exist again.
Ah. but I will look at her and know that there has always been more. It
beats within her. deep and throbbing. There the essence of our passion

I had a better sense of timing.
What followed was a series of ‘
exists—there for my hands and thought to once again grasp the old
moonglow.

  

 
 

  

“I‘ll try" 5 and“l understand"sthat
forced me to abandon my feminist.

 

the

Please call any one of

Donna Rodin - 457-8723

Mike Fox - 434-4220

 

DECEMBER 12, 1975

WE NEEDVOLUNTEERS TO
JOIN

1976 CAMPAIGN
FOR
ISRAEL

(to be held sometime next semester) I

Michael Cohen - 457-8738
Sharon Weintraub -457-7927

lynn Burd - 457- 8706

Eric Gervis - 457-5354

HERE'S YOUR CHANCE TO
DO SOMETHING!

DRIVE OUR CARS
FREE
STATE UNWERS'TY To Fbrido California and all
BARBER  HAl-R STYLIHG SHOP citimmn. USA,
Hair culling & styling AAACON “"0
I-or students only TRANSPORT

Hair Styling Special

$7.50 Value New $6.00 59 Shaker Rood

0 Terrace Apartment

pi'll

Mum/qr m l-‘rirlul' “bun” N'Y'

8:10 run. In 5:00 p.m. “2'7‘7‘ ‘
Must be I. years old

zlp/miul/lu'm.»
A l‘('f'/)ll'(/
45 7-65!!!

HAPPY HOLIDAY

 

Drink and dance at a gallery all week
Featuring Latest Disco Sounds

ATTENTION:
NO COVER CHARGE

1/2 price on first drink with this ad

the following.

Rembrandt's
Cellar Pub and Disco
57 Fuller Rd
Colonle

 

 

 

ASPECTS PAGE ELEV EN

  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

