 

“museums... in...

by David Whizelber'g.

A An Albany youth was sentenced
to ﬁve years in prison last week.
pleading guilty to a reduced charge
of second degree robbery in an inci-
dent that left the victim, a SUNYA
student. ten dollars poorer and a
“quantity” of marijuana lighter.

Frederick Abbott. l9. was armed .

with a twenty-two caliber revolver
when he went to the victim‘s room in
Livingston Tower on April l7 of last
year. University Police Investigators
Gary O'Connor and 'John Ruth
following up on the robbery report.
received many "unreported but con-
ﬁrmed" instances where students
were being robbed of pot. particular-
ly on Indian Quad. With the aid of

helped with the description of the
suspects involved, and an
anonymous phone call made on the
night of the arrest. the SUNYA
police investigators apprehended
Abbott on April 24 on Indian and
charged him then with possission of
a dangerous weapon. Later. Abbott
was additionally charged with ﬁrst
degree robbery in connection with
the crime committed on Colonial
Quad on the l7th.
Drug Robberies

.SUN YA Police Investigator
O‘Connor revealed that “drug
related armed robberies“ are “not
uncommon“ at this school and other
universities as well. Although he was
careful to point out several times

about to make a blanket statement
that will condone anything illegal on
this campus, O'Connor did say that
students “Will not be prosecuted“
for pot taken from them in these
situations. He reiterated. “We‘re
worried about the gun. not the
grass".

O'Connor said that the two
messages University Police want to
relay to studentsconcerning thedrug
crimes are that; “Students shouldn‘t
hesitate to report these robberies“,
and “armed robberiwarcn‘t going to
be treated lightly“.

The sentence of ﬁve years was
handed down by Albany County
Judge John Clyne. It was the largest
given out foracrime committed here
in SUNYA's history.

the residence staffonthequad.who that the University Police aren‘t

A WARE Training Session Planned

Albany Women Against Rape (AWARE) will hold its
second training session for volunteers Saturday and
Sunday. April 5-6. The group is a non-proﬁt, indepen-
dent counseling service built by women from the Albany
community to provide confidential information and per-
sonal counseling for rape victims. Counselors are
qualified for crisis situations and to give long-term aid
such as during trial proceedings. AWARE plans totrain
up to 30 new volunteers at the April session to serve as
counselors.

The session will run from l0—4 on Saturday, April 5.
and from l2-4 on Sunday. April 6. Training focuses on
the acquisition of counseling skills and on medical and
legal aspects of rape. Invited speakers as well as
AWARE personnel will present the program.

Anyone interested in attendingthe session should con-

tact Fraya Katz at 465-2084 or Nancy Dudley at 489-
826l. A registration fee of $5 covers the information
packet. cfrcshments. and the book. Againsl Rape. by
Andrea Medea and Kathleen Thompson. The packet
and Against Rape should be picked up when the registra-
tion fee is paid to allow for advance reading.

Although only we men in A WARE serve as counselors
of victims. men are invited to attend the session and to
join the group also.

 

 

(ZNS) A leading researcher into the Robert Kennedy
assassination says he has received anonymous death
threats waming him that he may be killed unless he
cancels the premier showing of his lilm on the R.F.K.
case in Washington. DC. next month.

YOU’RE WEARING
CONTACTS.

WE CAN MAKE THE
WEARING EASIER.

A lot easier.

You know that taking care of
your contact lenses can be a real
hassle.

You have to use a solution for
wetting. Another one for soaking.
Still another one for cleaning. And
maybe even another one for cushioning.

But now there’s‘lbtal? The
all-in-one contact lens solution that
wets, soaks. cleans and cushions.

It’s a lot easier
than having to use
4 different solutions.

There are two
good ways to buy
Total'- the 2 oz.
size and the 4 oz.
size.Total° 2 02. has
a free, mirrored lens

 

TOTAL' MAKES TIIE WEARING EASIER.

Available at: Houston Pharmacy
Western Avenue

storage case. and the new economy
4 oz. size saves you 25%.

Tim!“ is available at the
campus bookstore or your local
drugstore.

And we’re so sure you'll like
'lbtal' that we’ll give you your second
bottle free. Just send a’Ibtal' boxtop
with your name, address and college
name to:

Total. Allergan

Pharmaceuticals
2525 Dupont Drive
Irvine, California 92664
(Limit one per person.
Offer expires
July 31,1975.)

 

 

CAIRO.(AP) An Egyptian government spokesman said the Egigilltlll
proposals Kissinger took to Israel last week “constitute ti ﬁrm ligtiiliun
position which is not subject to maneuvers or out-bidding."

JERUSALEM (A P) - Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger ﬂies to l gtpi
today with new word from lsrael about the proposed Sinai \Vlll'ltll.|\\itl
agreement but apparently withmut any major concessions.

PARIS (AP) - Aristotle Onassis left his widow Jacqueline about iiZo
million. most of his valuable paintings, and trust fundsof$15 million t.‘ 't'll It)
her two children by President John F. Kennedy, family sources in Alltt‘llx
report. They said the bulk of the Greek shipping magnatc‘s cslimtilcii \riio
million fortune will go to his only surviving child. 24-year-old (‘hrixtiim

SAIGON. South Vietnam (AP) North Vietnamese forces pulled the moo-
tighter on South Vietnam's central highlands today. cutting a fourth llllJ'l'iMl‘.
into the region and leaving only one l’mld opcn.tlic Saigon Ctllllllllllltl mitt

SAIGON. South Vietnam (AP) » South Vietnamese bombers struck it l i.“
the Cambodian border today attempting to knock out North VlClll.|l|li'\i'
artillery and troops threateningthe South Vietnamese provincial L'Ill’llldl iii
Tay Ninh City. field reports said.

LISBON. Portugal (AP) -chepitig changes in the Portuguese cabinet to
increase Communist participation are expected this week tlt'xpili'
government denial of a report that the cabinet has resigned to Clctlf llIt' \\.i\
for the shakcup.

'l‘wo government ministers reported that all cabinet mciribcrs lL'lltlL'li'il
their resignations Saturday. and Premier Vasco Goncalves was tlccidiiii-
what changes to make.

***

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Supreme Court ruled today that llic lL'll' - -
government owns the offshore oil rights in tlic Alliinlic ()ccziii chitin-d
coastal states. In an unanimous opinion. the court rejected tlicuiguiiii :is -.
thc states that prc~rcvolutionary charters made then the owners ol ilii‘ --
rights.

WASHINGTON (AP) - A iiiassivc tax cut to light the i'cccssioti lll.l'- '»
congressional approval this \\'CL‘l\'. although its reception :ii the Whiti- lli-in
could hinge on whether Congress makes some coininitiiiciil to hold do:-
spending.

Both the House and Senate plan busy schedules this week in pri'piiisim
for an Easter rcccss that starts Friday for the Senate and March 2o loi ll‘n
I‘Iousc.

SOUTH BEND. Ind. (Al’) - Urging rejection ol the “new lNlllllllllllhIlt '
President Ford expressed confidence today that Aiiici'iciiiis l\liii\\ ilit.
cannot “resign from the world.“

Find argued for continued U.S. involvement in world iil’liiii's - and
particularly for foreign aid programs - in a speech prcpttrcd for it sitcrhli
convocation at the University ofNotre Dame campus near South Bend. liid.

*IBII-

ALBANY, N.Y.(AP) -'l‘he blarncy flowed in the halls ofstiitc i..',ovcrnmt'“I
Monday as legislators marked St. Patrick‘s Day. Senators adopted it
resolution recognizing each member of that house as lrish so that thc
indIVidual senators would be able to better celebrate the day.

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) ~ Gov Hugh Carey has made consumer protection
the subject of the ﬁrst major package of program legislation submitted by his
I l-wcek-old administration. The governor proposed Saturday the creation
of a new state agency with broad powers to deﬁne and ban “deceptive and
unconscionable trade practices."

ALBANY. N.Y. (A l’) - It is now virtually certain that none of the l;i.\
increases proposed by Gov. Hugh Carey will be approved before the
legislature passes a new state budget for the ﬁscal year beginning April I. lliil
there is a possibility that the legislature will approve some sort o flax iiicrciisc
cvcnlutilly. probably one tied directly to increased aid to local schools.

NEW YORK (AP) - Sonic 3.000 physicians struck It) voluntary and
municipal hospitals at 7 am. today after round-thc-clock negotiations liiilcd
to resolve a dispute over the doctot's‘ lengthy working hours. It was the first
major strike by doctors in the city‘s history.

The Committee of Interns and Residents has been dcmnndinglhat doctors
l)t.‘ required to work no more than 80 hours it week in the I l voluntary and
live city hospitals involved in the dispute.

GUILDERLAND. N.Y. (AP) — Liberals in the Democratic caucus are
seeking to dominate the I'lousc of Representatives, Rep. Samuel S, Siriittoii.
l)~N.Y.. A moderate. said Sunday. The Amsterdam Dciiiocriit critici/ed ilic
use of secret party caucuses to set policy recently on emergency aid requested
to bolster the govcriiiticnts of Caiiihodia and Vict-iiain.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MARCH 18, 1975

 

 

 

 

 

 

Above: Someone gets a pie a la
lace. Below: A scene from
Chlldren‘s Hour.

Co-Chllrpenom lull. m
and Karen Gllbott wlth I young
girl from the Wlldwood School.

Above: Though covered, he can’t

Above: 4 plus 2 Singers pertorm the first number at last week's escape me qmpped mum.

Telethon—they opened the eight annual event. Below: Hector and two
friends sing throughout the nlght In a near-by lounge.

A group at glrls parlorm thelr arlal.

MARCH 18, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Below: A gla nt puppet entertains
Albany youngsters.

 

One tavorlto at Telethon was Larry and tho All-Olen. They gave comle
rondltlone ol 1950's oldlu.

PAGE THREE

