    
 
 
 
   
       
     
   
 
 
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
  

 

 Jean“.

tr: :1

 

i,

my». . \2' an swan-1‘s.

 
 
 
  
 
 

  
 
   
     

  

 

S
l.
i
i
i
(
g

 

k

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

  
  

 
  

  

by Hillary D. Kelblck

A sltort drive up the Nortlrway.just about fifteen or twenty minutes front
tire uptown campus of SU NYA is exit eigltt. Vischer Ferry Crescent. Exiting
here antl making several turns dowrt small. not-often-used roads lies a piece
of land approximately 284 acres iii size. This land goes under tltc itariie of
Mohawk Campus. Owned by tltc Faculty Student Association it is
maintained and run for tire sole rise of the entire university community.

The transformation is perhaps tinbelicvablc. Foranyone living within the
ivory towers on campus or in apartments in the ttoisy downtown sectioit of
Albatty it is difficult to fathom that just minutes away is real couirtry.
unadulterated by trill. sterile buildings and congested city traffic. When all
one ltcars for days and weeksttt it timeare the bellsofthe carillon. the blare of
a stereo. ltorns honking and police radios outside their windows. the quiet.
calin. peaceful serenity of Mohawk campus can have ttn ittitittlly eerie effect.

llere. trees tire the only things thitt tower. In the spring and summer
months green. not white and dingy grey. is the prominent background
coloring.

When itrrivittg one is greeted by a lagoon looming tip in the distance.
l’eoplc ttre sometimes seen with cattoes and rowboats and ttn occasional
sailboat dots the water. In the winter it freezes over for ice skirting. The
lagoon. called Waker‘s Pond leads ittto the Mohawk River and the old Erie
Canal. Although stagnant and with tt shallow mucky bottom the writer is ttot
really polluted. It isn‘t more than three or four feet deep in ittost parts and
phile swimming is riot encouraged here. it is great for an afternoon of
routing.

A volleyball itct is tip and picnic tables are scattered at random about the
lawn. liitrbeqiie space is available to complement any pictiic meal. Air apple
orchard grows behind the Chitrctte house which holds the main office and
houses the staff of Mohawk campus. llcrc apples grow wild and can be
picked off the trees attd eaten. provided one cltcckstosec that lie is ttot biting
iitto a worm. Anyone cart pick apples here rind the resultant l'ruit makes
siiitiptuous apple satiee. .ltisl the idea ofpickittganapple offa tree and eating
it without further ado proi idesa quiet excitement that is niissingwlren living
itt it walktip apartment or doriiritory room.

Asitlc front tire water. large open grassy fields make tip a good part of the
property. ’l‘hese are ideal for sports enthusiasts iiitd make great ball fields.
Sporting facilities are a\ailablc for everyonc's ttsc.

Alottg the site ofthcold Izric(‘ttna| is a nature trail. (inc can walk lor hours
ltct'c undisturbed by anything httl tltc sound of birds. cottontails attd
chipmunks. Untouched by even the staff the trail is perhaps overgrown irt
places yet makes a litre otttiitg lot any nature lover.

()n the other side of the parking lot is llll olyirtpie st/e. outdoor swimming
pool, At it ininintaleost. one can swim l‘orhours with a backdropol treesniid
mountains for company. if nothing else.

"On our best day We ltad 320 people rising the pool.“ stated Mike (itti'ciii.
who is the pool directoritnd ltcad lifeguard. “We relaid about halftlte blocks
around the poolside this summer." He. along with three other SUNYA
students aitd graduates are itt charge of the pool's nutintaincncc.

Mohawk Campus exists Ior the use of the university corirntunity. Not only

PAGE 4A

 

‘rescheduled in the Campus Center. The concert whi

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

are individuals welcome to use the facilities. but large students and faculty
groups come to hold parties. meetings. dances. seminars and other group
events. Last spring. the senior class picnic was held there. More than a
thousand people spent the day at Mohawk basking in both beer and in the
summer sun. Student Association planned to sponser a concert at Mohawk

last Saturday but due to inclement weather the event was rained out and
e featured Aztec Twa-

t Mohawk. the event would havc been
Aided by good weather. use of outdoor
facilities and plenty of empty wide open space. everyone would haVc been
able 0 enjoy not only the music bill the day as well. The atmosphere would
httve certainly been more pleasant. unstuffy arid relaxing.

Surprisingly enorigh however. many students here have never been to
Mohawk. Altltotigh many people questioned oit Saturday would ltavc gone
to Mohawk if the cotreert had itot been rained out. many did not even know
of its existence. and there were those who knew of Mohawk but iii theirtwo.
three. or fottr years here have never visited it at all. When asked ltow they
would feel if FSA gave tip the property. virtually all responses bordered on
shock attd dismay. Why would they care? People generally agreed that it \ ‘tts
"a good place to have.“

One third year student stated “I don't have a car and don‘t use the facilities
but other people do." Further queried. the student said that he would tnake
good use of it hits service chartered to rtiii back aiid forth between the circle
and Mohawk. U pon questioniiigapproximately a hundred people. responses
were running around five to one irt favor of paying $.50 to 5.75 if such a
service were provided.

Step wasjust that. and no more. A
more than just a musical happening.

 

‘I love it.

It's a very, very peaceful place...

a nice, slow easy pace.’

 

 

 

()nc senior who has beett a rcgitlar visitor at Mohawk over the years
summed tip his feelings abotit the place and the atmosphere. “it (Mohawk)
doesn't teach cl isses. it doesn‘t collect bills. it doesn‘t hassle anyone. it just
looks nice. What's do bad about that'.’ Especially since there's no cantpus
ltcrc no greenery. 'Iodity could ltave been ftttc. rcallv fine.“

Most larger groups that come to use the Mohawk Cainpiis facilities cannot
help bitt law the place messy. 'l'he lawn is tisttally lelt strewn with litter b
the end of a day of tttitsie a ittl partying Yet the plaecis persistently kept cle'iii
and in excellent condition bya small. inconspicuous staff of people llriiiit
(.aldwell. Lucy Weiner. Patil Loucks. and until recently Carlos Rovito :lil
Itve on the grounds of Mohawk campus. ’l‘hey have the title of Grounds 'titd
l’rogram Assistants but itt actuality they serve as caretakers of the ill‘llll.

 

 

Ilnhmayor

Dancing at a Mohawk party late last spring

 

 
 
 
 

  

"It takes quite it hit or titan iivti-rptliiligplaec tip. We have fifty acrcsol'
cuttablc grass." said |lii.iii \\ilit\\.l\t't‘\l with green paint form painting
shutters for the (‘haiieiti- lltlllst‘ ltici mark c lawn twice a week. 'l‘imcwisc.
that is :lppt‘nxitmtluly litll\ lltlll|\ iii-viii , :hey are also in charge of all the
building arid ground lll.llllit'llil|lr't‘ .l\ “iii 5 supervising events.

Sitting around it [‘lLIlIr i.ihle\\iitiilitt 'of them. who are all affiliate
with the “mu-H”) I“ ...,,,. imam yliiill capacity. I learned some ofthe
inner \Vt)t‘kitlgs.itl \toli.iiit .iiiiii-iiiiiiitrgind the scenes workthat tlieydo
to keep the campus in iltl t\t'l\t||l€lrfllltlll%clll. Several groups were taking
ilthtIItlttgc ol the L'itllltiit’s'. '.\.tllll itlill’d 'y. A volleyball game was itt full
swing and people were pit lllt tttttly ’atil got tip to return attd
"cu-pr smug dcpum. in... \lltiit‘llh. c when they rise the boats.

In regard to ll\;l|l;|ltlt i’ilill|‘li|t’ll| \l I it has canoes. rowboats. len
spam bicyclcg‘ [uhylyihlrp ...,ii.iti..|tx signs for usein the winter months.
The equipment is well llllli a it .i». maritall I’laul.who returned to the table
with llrc :iiiiioiiiieeiiiiii: w .i m. writtlﬂlllntl “51 for use ol~ tltccanocs

 
  
  
  
   
  

   
 
  

line lirirtnll

<

5

Swimming

Bicycling

 

  

  
 
  
   
  
  

  

  

  
  

  

   

    

  

  

  
  
  

   

 
  

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'l he Loughousc. located on the front lawn is maintained bythe staff. They
was the floors weekly and the house is available forgrotips planningany kind
ol'social function. Last winter hot chocolate and coffee was available fortlic
toboggoners and ice skaters inside the Longhouse. There was a cup for
donations which were tised to replenish the drinks.

The feelings about living at Mohawk were echoed by ’aul. Lucy, attd
Brian. "I love it. It‘s a very. very peaceful place." Brian. a second year
gradttatc student itt counselling. said “Living here has slowed me down. [It‘s]
a nice. slow easy pace."

llrian and Paul share a room in the Charctte house. Lucy has a private
apartment itt back of the ltottsc connected through a series ol'doot‘s. Privacy
is trot abundant het‘c. Altlrottglr officially. Mohawk is open from ten iii the
morning until eight iii the c\cning, people ktrock on their doors iit all hours
asking for change and other information.

Occasionally cotiplcs cottre to Mohawk in the
as a “romantic setting". the lagoon draws people

evetting. Described by Paul
to sit byhlte edge iii the

 

 

‘lt doesn 't teach cltﬁses,

 

it doesn't collect bills,

 

 

it rloesii'l$lassle anyone,

i

it just looks nice.

What’s so burl abﬂflt that? ’

 

 

 

mm

Sl~li"l'EMB

 

 

J/M

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

obogganing

Picnicking

evening hours. perhaps with a blanket thrown down upon the grass.
After some troubled times.Mobawk Campus is definitely getting back on its
feet. This sentiment was expressed by the staff amidst rumors that the
property was going to be sold. 'l'heir budget for this year has been signed and
although Mohawk is by no means a venture to a mass profit.last year it met
the minimum amount projected for it by F.S.A.

When asked what immediate plans are iii store for Mohawk. painting the
Longhotisc arid the Charcttc houses are the first on the list. Long range
[ltl.\'.\'f/7l/flf(‘.\ include the installation of a fireplace in the Longhoiisc. cross
country skis and ice skates to rent on the premises. Thch is even a faint
glimmer of hope that perhaps someday tennis cotirts will adorn the campus.
As of right now. there is a l'ii'epla - in the (‘hareite ltotisc which is available
for .ilmtll group meetings and conferences. Cross country skis and ice skates
can be retried from the physical education building on campus for use at
Mohawk.

A short bicycle ride away from the front lawn live Larry attd Bridget
Mclanc and their sixteen rttorrtlr old son Jeremy. Larry is the assistant
director of Mohawk Campus. A triny \t. 'tn aitd a third y or stttdcnt itrthc
business department iit SUNYA. Larry is. rather quiet. reticent man. He
works with lileanor Hathaway. tltc director.

Mttiichittg on sonrc home grown tomatoes lronr their garden. i listened to
Larry gite a description of it typical day‘s work. Alter seeing that everyone is
tip and arottrrd. he lets the stall know of the daily priorities. llc checks llte
pool. reads the rcscrtation log lor all upcoming etents. makes lootl pickups
and works with the staff doing all tltc general ntaintaincnee work.

i see that it gets done". Sum-d Lu”).

 

 

“Eleanor prescribes tlte work
between drags oil a Lucky Strike.

l;.S./\. tclls Eleanor what site catr pttrchasc and what she can spend. She is
probably the closest liason between Mohawk attd FSA.

As it stands now. \lohawk ('ampus is a natural. serene. beatitiltil piece of
fatal with ittlitrite ollerittgs to all who Wish to take adiantage ol them. lleita
giant latttt party witlt hurtdredsol pcopleorasolitary stroll by the lagoonone
catitrot help httt be awed by the qttict nragnificcnce ol the surroundings. ()iie
visit otit thct'c shottld be enough to coiittnce anyone.

When asked how site would lecl il l-.S.A, decidctl to sell Mohawk Campus.
one wottratt replied. "'I'hcy slrottld sell the lnlil'ttlttt'} instead." \\’|t)‘."'llccause
I don't use it as much as I use Mohawk ('amptts."

 

People generally agreed

that it was

‘a good place to have.’

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

   
 

  
  
  
   
   
    
    
  
     
  
 

:W.‘ i “W""’ 1's“..- ‘

 

  
   

 
 
 

  
 
  
   
    
   
 
 

