 

andsmoétrespe‘ct'echiﬁ:

 Tech Hifiwhas the ﬁnest com-

hé, 3,1ponentcomparison units‘ available.

country, With forty-six storesfthroughé This makes it as easy as possible for

out theeasternUnited States, and
. 1 over 100,000 custOmers'i‘ZWe attri-

~ bute this success to, many important
“servicesthat we offer our customers.

More services, in fact, than any '

Other hiﬁ dealer in the‘country.
Ill-utlon

‘_ Tech Hiﬁ carries over one
. hundred lines of quality hifi com-

‘- ponents and accessories. _ You never
have to compromise at Tech Hifi ‘
because we have exactly what
you want.

Known-«Iguana
“II-DWI.

Good brands alone don’t assure
a good music, system. It’s very im-
portant that the components you
choose are compatible with each
other. So we make sure thatby the
time our salespeople have complete
their mandatory training program — ,

they really know which combinations ,

of components perform best to: V
gether. Tech Hiﬁ’s salespeople are
eminently capable of helping you
put together the right components
or your own budget, and unique

you, to choose the system that sounds
the best to your ears. Tech Hiﬁ’s .
'  A—B unit'sare mlume—co’mpensated
so the louder speaker doesn’t
; necessarily sound like‘the best
speaker.

sum (smut-is .,
Our fourteen customer Satis-

faction Guarantees are a very im-
portant reason for shopping at
Tech Hit-'1. If we were shopping for
for hiﬁ, we wouldn’t settle for any
less. You shouldn’t either! Our
guarantees are spelled out clearly
on the back cover of this flyer.

low PM"!

The combined purchasing .
power of Tech Hifi’s forty-six stores
allows us to offer really low prices.

,We actually guarantee you the low-.- .. _

est prices in writing.
circuit and III-sanding“
Tech Hiﬁ will gladly honor. .

T ' your MasterCharge of BankAmer-

icard. In addition. several liberal
financing plans are available: So '
even if you’re short on cash right
now, you can still save‘money at
Tech Hifi.

 

This high fidelity music
system takes up no more space
than the average “compact”

music system, and yet it sounds better.
is far more versatile, and best of all, it
costs no more!

The Cambridge Audio 1500 receiver

’ provides a solid heart for this quality high

ﬁdelity system. Its all-transistorized cir-
cuitry produces 5 watts minimum RMS per

channel at‘any-frequency from 50 hr. to

20khz with less than 1% total harmonic
distortion. The PM sec-tion is both sensitive
and selective, so you can’ pick up distant

. stations with ease, and stillget clean recep-

tion of local stations in crowded metropo-
litan areas.

The Cambridge Audio 1500 receiver
provides more than enough power to pro-
duce really loud high fidelity sound through
the efﬁcient Studio Design Model 25 loud-

v speakers. These are “two-way” loudspeakers

with a six inch woofer and a two inch

‘ tweeter for smooth musical reproduction

throughout nearly the entire audible
range of sounds (except for the really deep
bass notes.) These speakers easily fit onto
small bookshelves, or into odd corners.
They are ideal for small apartments or
dorm rooms where space is at a premium
Many music systems in this price range

offer only “mini-changers”.l‘or your records.
These mini-changers not only sound tcr-
rible, but they wear out the high frequen-
cies on your records after only a few plays.
Your records deserve better than that. so
Tech Hifi includes a full-size Glenburn
21108 automatic turntable with this
system. it has a low-mass tone arm that
Will go easy on your records, a manual
cueing device to simplify operation, and
even an anti-skate device for more precise
tracking. An Audio Technica magnetic
cartridge, as well as a dustcover,are
'included.
Regular price: $344

System Discount:

Cambridge Audio 09

GLENURN

 

For many years, the KLH
loudspeakers have been widely
regarded as some of the finest

y ican buy. The KLH lOl loudspeakers,
:‘y tured in this system. employ 8 inch
\ ,ofers and 2 inch tweeters in sealed,
tustic suspension, enclosures for sat-
 ing musical reproduction over a good
'j‘ t of the audible range of sounds. The
tinets have 5‘ real oiled walnut finish,
ii are compactzenough to fit onto almost
it: bookshelf. A
 The Nikko 3035 represents the new
' ‘ of receivers produced by one of
an’s foremost electronics manufactur-
 The F M section employs the newest
Q: hnology in tuner design, using phase
 k loop multiplex circuits. The'amplifi'er
pduces a minimum of 15 watts per
c nnel RMS 40hz to 20khz into 8 ohms
i; th channels driven. The Nikko 3035
the best protection circuits of any re—
 ver, employing circuit breakers which
ke the unit extremely reliable. The
a thetically-pleasing front panel is laid
t for easy access, having such conven-
t: cc features as tape monitor, loudness
c ntour, and individual speaker switching
, iCh permits two or four speakers to be
ued simultaneously, or the speakers can
I shut off and headphones can be turned

: The Glenburn 21553 automatic turn-

! leis selected for this system because

t its performance, reliability, and value.
ere is no other turntable in the price

I nge that offers damped cueing up and

dwn! The Glenburn 21 558 also comes

‘ mplete with base, hinged cover, and

‘ idio Technica magnetic cartridge.

gular price: $529.
System Discount:

 

Loudspeaker ~designers
must contend with the problem
. of high frequency “beaming”.

Because while the bass notes naturally
spread themselves throughout a listening
area, the nature of the high frequencies is
to “beam” in a limited pattern coming
straight out from the front of the speaker.

One of the mdst successful solutions
for high frequency beaming is incorporated
into the MicroAcoustic FRM-l loudspeak-
ers featured in this system. An hemispher-
ical array of five tweeters produce nearly
uniform output at any angle in front of
the speakers.

In order to get “all the music” out
of the Micro Acoustic FRM-l loudspeaker,
it had to be teamed up with an equally
high quality stereo receiver that puts out
plenty of power. The Cambridge Audio
2500 is the obvious choice. Its Pure Com:
plimentary power ampliﬁer'provides 25
watts minimum RMS per channel, into
8 ohms, from 20hz to 20khz with less
than I% total harmonic distortion. The
Cambridge Audio's IC/FET tuner section
brings in even distant stations with amaz-
ing clarity. ~ ~

The convenience and performance
of the Philips 427 semi-automatic
turntable is unsurpassed in this price
range, and is the perfect unit to comple-
ment the quality of this System. The
Philips 427 has a damped cueing system
and counter balanced tonearm. It is
belt-driven so that it is quieter than con-
ventional idler-wheel changers. For con-
venience, the tone arm lifts at the end of
the record and returns to the rest. The
Philips 427 comes with hinged dust-
cover and Audio Technica AT-l 1E cart-
ridge.

Regular price: $744.
System Discount:

Cambridge Audio
Illa Philips

For the individual who
wants the finest “State-of-the-
_ Art” reproduction possible,
this selected system represents the great-
est quality and value. \

The Ohm F loudspeakers are the
finest reproducers of music ever developed.
They employ a single, downward‘facing,‘ '
transmission line driver to deliver virtual-
ly distortion-free response over the entire
range of audible sounds. And dispersion
of all frequencies! is a full 360 degrees.
Stereo Review shares 'our enthusiasm: '
“The Ohm F produces one of the flattest ‘
extended curves we have ever seen...in"our
simulated live vs. recorded test it rated
A to A+." ’

The Crown DC 300A power amplifier.
and the Crown IC 150 pre—ampliﬁer
pair are two of the finest power and control
sources available. These units will drive
the Ohm F’s to peak performance,
creating audio effects that defy the
imagination. The Crown DC 300A power"

M amplifier puts out a'minimu‘m Of 150 watts

per channel at typically .2% total harmon-
ic distortion, into eight ohms. Into a 4
ohm load the output is considerably
greater. The Crown IC _150 is an extremely
flexible control center, having features for , I.
two turntables. a tuner and tapedecks.

The Miracord 750 Mk Iii turntable is
one of the finest automatic changers made.
It features a 7V2 lathe turned, die-cast
platter which is statically and dynamically
balanced, as Well as damped cueing and anti-
skate. The tonearm is capable of tracking
at 3A of a gram. The unit comes complete .
with wood base and dustcover.

The Miracord 750 Mk III automatic
turntable is complimented by the Micro
Acoustic QDC lE elliptical cartridge. It
has a low mass stylus, which is extremely
durable.

Regular price: $2485“,  :
System Discount: r

M.

 

 

