 

i,
.

«.-/‘..»r...~.-MwWﬂggr-g . M r I.

l

 

 when». ,.

     

    
  

 

 

   
  
 

default by the city.

 

,{ Carey's appeal came as the Senate
Banking Committee in Washinaon
approved a bill with $4 billion in
loan guarantees forthe city and sent
it on to an uncertain fate on the
Senate floor and a threatened veto

by President Ford.
.The bill would place the city on a
‘ strict Iisal regime to balance its
budget and prevent a default after
Dec. I. when money from a state-
deaigned SI.)-billion rescue package
runs out. The city will need an is-
timated $4.2 billionforexpenses and
debt retirement from Dec. I to June

Respond to “real

After attending a ﬁscal brieﬁng‘

for civic and business leaders at the
Pierre Hotel. Carey told a news con-
lercncethaf the city must respond to
the President's threat Wednesdayto
veto any bill that would have the
federal government guaranteefunds
to prevent a default.

The Democratic governor said
one expert had characterized the
Republican president‘s speech as
“the words of Archie Bunker to the
music of Herbert Hoover.”

Carey said. “New York must ﬁght
back because of the body blow

Grads Succeed in Winning Lounge

continued from large one

Quad Board. ts an alliance of the
dorms that house graduate students
on Alumni. Saylcs and Pierce home
undergrads as well. Alden and
Waterbury. the two remaining
dorms on Alumni are not proytded
access to the rooms under the new
policy.

'I he policy continues that any cx-
reptions to these restrictions will be
nade only alter representatives of
Irubacher have been consulted.
hlcllenry says that those represen-
tattses will probably bethefloor reps
in the dorm.

Quad Board president Monroe. a
resident of Alden. says that while he
can understand Brubacher‘s concern
for security. be is disappointed with
the decision. He said that un—
dergrads had no input to the deer-
ston. termed it an “oterreactton' to
the particular problems of Oc-
toberlest. and stressed that the
rooms are the largest and best
equipped on the quad and should be
considered all-quad rooms.

Staff Forttas Policy

Garry Pure. Associate Director of
Residences. said concerning the use
or dormlaaltttes. untverstty policy is
singly a function of the resident
stall. Karleen Karlson said that she
responded to a student concern. and
'dealt I'tlll something (large parties)
that had obttously gotten out of
hand.“ She sardthat a bigpartofthc
problem uith large parties at
lirubacber was the downtown loca-
tion and the ‘townie" problems
winch that involved.

Marla Leon. secretary of Alumni
Quad Board. sympathilcd with
brubacber's particular problems

dieing Octotrerfest. but felt that tn
any matter on the quad. the security
problems are shared by every
bulang

Assistant director of campus
recruit). John "enigma. more or

hesitated Leon's view. llesaidthu
is dfm sees notnordinate security

__—_—_———-———-—

PAGE TWO

v! ot tothestreeta..'.‘to
I  support for the city“ in
" dernonstrationa aimed at getting ‘
congress to approve emergency
leﬁslation to avoid a ﬁnancial

my to do it '
mull.” Carey said

He said  was‘ttiinki'ng interim .
of a man rally. perhaps in Tunes
Square. in the near future to be
dubbed f‘Operation Come Back” or
“Operation New York Alive and

Healthy.”
In other developments:

—. Treasury Secretary Willian_
Simon said the city had not tapped

all sources of funds to meet its debt.
He suggested increasing the 8 per
cent state sales tax in the city by as
much as 3 per cent. or getting loans
using the $8.5 billion in assets of
municipal union pension funds as
collateral.
Pension I'lnehlng
—- Felix Rohatyn. chairman of the
Municipal Assistance Corp..
nicknamed “Big MAC." said state
and union ofﬁcials have been con-
sidering a plan to borrow $4 billion
against the pension funds. bttt dded
that the chance of its implementa-
tion was “remote” because of‘serious
legal problems.
»« Connecticut‘s Gov. Ella T.
Urasso. a Democrat. joined the
criticism of Ford. saying the federal
government has short-changed the
urban Northeast for years through
rigged aid formulas and now should
come to the aid of New York City.
~~ The stock market. which was
off by I2 points Wednesday in its
largest decline in a month. made a
mild advance on moderate trading

problems at Brubachcr. In fact. he
went so far asto saythat on Alumni
Quad. there are signiﬁcantly less
problems at llrubacher because the
grad students seem to be more
schooled tn the precautions
necessary for dorm life. He stated.
th :zgh. that campus-wide. and par-
ticularly dow ntow n. the Octobertest
weekend was on the wild side.

On the question of inconvenience
to Brubachcr residents. Monroesatd
that eiery weekend Alden and
\\ aterLury residents live with the inv
cont entence of Brubacher‘s cafeteria
being closed. forcing all Brubacher‘s
residents to eat at Alden. He feels
that Brubacber ought to be able to
stand the tncomentence of Quad

   

delivered,le lie Mastic Antllhe
‘ to g out into‘ the

 

Mcheto’Veg‘Sao Patio

llortrd parties etery now and then.

however. Mchnry maintains that

while the municipal bond market»
watﬁrm and relatively quiet. I 

‘Gov.’ cat'eychargedthat Ford 
not been candidabout his alternative
plan of changingthe Iawtoallow the _
city to file for bankruptcy and main- 1
tain essential services.because he did .

  
   

“0‘ “"3: "‘° “2'; cm Lebanon Reports MdreFlghtlng
“I ‘ " IEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Mostem gunmen appeared to gain the Upper hand
‘ ’ tremendoust ca'ey' Thursday in Lebanon's civil war as they and their Palestinian allies ovcrran

declared. “It will be not less than
$500 million for the ﬁrst six months
and about SI.2 billion shortly
thereafter."

That objection was also heard in
WashingtonwhereSen. Adlai Steven-
son. D-II|.. said during debate on the
loan guarantee bill that Ford's
proposal amounted to “the largest
bail-out of all.“

the last forward Christian militia outpost in the downtown hotel district in
Beirut and moved into the shadow of the 25-story Holiday Inn. At the same
time. unidentiﬁed gunmen kidnapped the third American in eight days. He
was identiﬁed as Clyde Huddleston. 47, of Ft. Worth, Tex.. a pilnf for -..
Lebanese cargo airline, US. Embassy ofﬁcers Charles Gallagher. 44. 01
Dykes. 50. of San Jose. Calif.. were abducted Oct. 22.

Franco's Power Transferred to Borbon

MADRID. Spain (AP) Informed sources said tonight that the gmerntttcnt
has handed over power conditionally to Prince Juan Carlos de ilmbonitt
new Spanish head of state. The reported transfer of power came as (tut,
Francisco Franco's condition continued to decline. Sources stud lhc dccntnn
to transfer power was made after Premier Carlos Arias Nuiurro cnnlcrrcd
privately with the pﬁnce. The sources said the transfer of power. undt-r
Article II ofthe Spanish constitution. was only temporary undur ltm [in
they added it would. in effect. be permanent since Francois not c\pcclcdlu
rccovcr.

Government Creates Temporary Jobs
WASHINGTON (AP) Money has been distributed to put ‘Ijllpcttplctn
work temporarily on public WOI’Tﬁ projects such as Illndscuptlli.‘ purl».
shoring up eroding roadbeds and repairing and rehabilitattng btuldittus. tIlL'
government said Thursday. The $368.7 million sent to federal agenttt-x .tnd
regional commissions by the Commerce Department rcprescnti-d the final
distribution of money provided as an anti-recession measurc under the
annual public works appropriations.

Federal Government Sues Bergman

NEWARK. NJ. (AP) The federal government sued nurstng I’lttlllt‘ c/u
Bernard Bergman on Thursday for allegedly overbtlling .‘sfedtcarc $.‘t'l.h|l
to operate an Elizabeth nursing home in 1968 and I969. Bergman. 1‘1. ill \c“
York. who is under indictment on Medicare fraud charges. \\.’f~ mutt-d tn .t
civil complaint filed by the US. attorney's office here. Ihe l N attorney I\
investigating alleged widespread misuse of Medicare funds by l'ltllwllt: htttntu
in New Jersey. Under the Medicare system. nursing homes rcccnc .tdtdnm
~ from the federal government. but must submit detailed reports at tn: :ttd at
Ammsl an each year to prom the money was spent correctly.

these opinions.

 

 

 
 

  

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
  
  
 

  
 
 
  
  

there has been a real problem of
crowd control at large panics in
Brubacber's lower lounges. She said
that the new policy was not designed
to be unjustly inflexible. but only to
deal with the security problems
presented this semester. She adds
that the policy is net somethingthat
can‘t be changed in the future.

Karlson. Melicnry. Monroe and
Leon all said they expect to discuss
the more situation at the inter-quad
council sessions which Karlson es-
tablished lillfi semester for the pur-
pose of achteitng communication
and unity on Alumni Quad.

 

DISC0
2 Blocks
from

Alumni
Quad

 

DISC0

 

 

KINQ OF'CLUBS

Charlie Smith Band
Oct. 31,

STUDENTS
WELCOM‘

016,00

297
Ontario St.
Albany
482-9797

Nov. 1

0/
5%

 

New York State Faces Budget Deflclt

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The Republican-controlled Scnntc I mam
Committee acknowledged 'l‘hursday that the state faces a bad L'ct dc! ..tt tut .tl
least SZb-l million. reversing the (iOl’s long insistence that ITIL‘ hlfdth'l \\.i\
balanced. The development added to deepening concern about ti.- mitt-
government‘s financial picture. which has been severely hurt ht M: \c\\
York City fiscal crisis and funher damaged by a slow recoierr limit my
recession. But it must borrow about SS billion between now and Jun. And
because of New York City's financial crisis it has been unable to :n.ttt,t-t tt»
notes in recent weeks.

Haley's Campaign Money Suspicious

ALBANY. NY. (A I’) Some strange and unusual Circumstancw mill-ll"
just coinctdenceseslill surround the payment of 52.000 of (my “My”
Larcys campaign money to Assemblyman Dantel Ilalet. HAHN: :nt-n
testimony from those involved in the contrmersv. the sldlL‘ lit-nut! of
Elections declared tt did not find any criminal actions and onl\ .ttnt "THAT .I
series of odd e\ents.

Dyson Says Unlt-Prtclng Unhelpful

ALBANY- NJ'. (AI’) State Agricnlture and Markets (‘onttttnwnu Iutttt
Dyson said lhursdttythat while his depart ment tscomtnttted ltt untnrrt ttuznt'
states new untt-prtcrng law. he does not think it's the best \\.i\ intilit'll‘
consumers shnptntelligently for food. Standardtted packaging mm d D“ 3‘”
superior. be said. because tnore people would be able to Ultdc’alnlvd .1 ml
would use it. Dyson made his comments tn response to Cflllc‘tslt it ill»
department has been Ids in enforctng the unttvprictng law “men its
effect last Jan. I. .

 

.m

 

53"“. °' .Educaﬂon Wastes $1 Mllllon
.lhugdg'olra'f‘lliﬁfiv if.” mic. L‘°"‘_""“‘°“ t“ Immwwn w't-ul'rd
mm a ci‘mp‘um null. Vltard of Education wasted SI mrllton m ll! dc.t.tng~
favors from the 5:31;“.“1 “Std l'sllls'. CJlSh payoffs and prostttutcs in cut
ammuvnﬁmohrtlfh- ‘Ihc‘ commission charged that the computer film.
“as toimed b ~ a ll: d‘h mic" “‘h“ c“mlmlcrfumstodnthc dctuit \tttl'k.
Manhattan Sti remk “(r‘ m Educmmn accountant. Seymour menu and .t
but“ cmp‘los n; roll" Clerk. Joseph Papa. while Sayctta was still flllllt'
tlte boardforihi: M,“ ":L (untputcr Specifics. also was accused l‘l hl‘lllll.‘
including two of pm ? c-0"“""““‘5\‘ho never actually workcdt’m tut-tum.
P“ “Mrs-one of whom wastnthe hospital at th'lllllL'

Eff.“ 9"“ to Isolate New Yorlt Clly
iinitnutilodletltuitM““Prank”! Ford} Phi“ I0 permit a New York L’tty
guarantee pro ra m. “I W“ co"flint the federal government to a Itlilll
seeks to “(Niel-:2 mnmmuy Wu“ Viaduct some of the very cffccls TIL'
problem and kw“ INTI ofthe Ford effort is to 'tsotatcthe New York (in
nation. It seeks to...“ "‘3." ' "‘I‘mflbtlitv of drums elsewhere In the
the financial cornmm-d . dim f“lent tnvolyement. But some members of
ailment and In ' um“ mm " “WM ‘Pmd rather than rcsIrICI the
' i “ “"8” eventually tome the federal government lnflf

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

making _

 

OCTOBER 31, 1975

 

by Sue Emerson r

“The only way you are going to
improve the quality of life in your
time . . . is to go into the political
system.“ said political satirist and
journalist Jimmy Brcslintoacapaci-
ty crowd in the Campus Center
Ballroom 'l‘uesdpy night. “It [the .
political system] is everything you
have ever heard or said it Is." com-
mcnfcd Brcslin. “and it is the only
system we have."

Speaking specifically of the New
York City political system. Brcslin
characterized it as a system which
clitth to the past and is pcoplcd with
the fury. flit: mediocre. and the
fraudulent. Brcslin laughed at a re-
ccntjoint press release made by New
York City Mayor Abraham Ilettme
and the City Comptroller which
said. “This city is not bankrupt. near
bankrupt. nor will it ever be
bankrupt."

Speaking ofthe political system in
general. Brcslin noted that “Richard
Nixon canto out of an election in
which half the people stayed home."
llrcslin went on to say: "Nixon
always made the remark. "They're
still out there for us. . . don’t worry.‘

“And they are still out there."
Brcslin commented.

Apathy and lnactfon

What is the answer to this in-
cptncss. inaction. and apathy accor-
ding to Brcslin‘.’ “The answer is your
obligation to the political system."
he said. "You have a moral obliga-
tion to get into the system of politics
and never leave it." Brcslin added.

llrcslin told his audience that
politics is hard. compromising work.
You “chip little pieces of yourself

An Evening Out With

by Betty Stein

Jimmy llrcslin. idol of'youngjottr-
nalists. lutd finally fintshcd. His
'l'ucsduy night talk in the Campus
Center llallroom had lasted almost
two hours. The crowd gave Iiim it
mixed rcccptiutt: some walked out
before the cud. \vltilc otltcrs'hnd lin-
cd tip behind the microphone in the
aisle. fussing out questions.

"Well." I asked tifricud.“what did
you tltink'f‘

"It upset me iii a way." replied my
writer-cotttptiniort. a hardcore
member of the unemployed college
grad crowd. "The first part was great
when he told all ofthosc stories r~ I
was really excited. flat the question
and answer part depressed me.“

He and I had rushed up to the
third floor of the Campus Center to
collect our belongings. and the
elevator was now taking us to the
busctt'tcttt. Some frictth of ours Iuitl
been invited to have a drink with
llrcslin and. not wanting to miss any
of tltcuetion. we wcrclttggingulong.

My friend still llltd second
thoughts.

“Why uttt l tloingtltis'f‘ he asked.
frigging at his board. "I know this
ttttt‘t gotttttt work out."

“We can always leave." I said.
Wishing that he would stop pacing.

“WItut‘ll l sity?“ IlL' asked. tin-
uppcascd. " The whole spccclt scent-
oil so futile at the end. All of these

kids are budgeting liint with
questions. and he‘s being. stubborn
right back."
lnfcrlurlty It‘cellitgs

“llttt you see. if was It sort of
defense with him." I sttid. “For some
rettson. Ilt.‘ l'cclti inferior because he

never went to college. you know? It‘s

like his way of . . . “

Just then the elevator Ittiltcd. The
light tibch the door indicated that

we ltttd only gone down ottc floor.

OCTOBER 31, 1975

away.“ admitted Brealirt, and he -

noted that the disappointments are . >

endleits. Nevertheless. Brealin eom-'
merited. “It [becoming involved in
the system] is more important. in my
estimation. than religion."

Breslin led into the subject ‘of
politics - by recounting. mostly
through anecdotes. his own cam-
paign for president of the New York
City Council in I969. Breslin
recalled that he hudjust finished his
book The Gang That Couldn't
Shoot Straight (the theme of' which
is. tlccordingtothc author. that "the ‘
Mafia is . . . an equal opportunity
cmployer.“) That day Brcslin run
into Norman Mailer. “who also
writes good." in a bar. (Breslin‘s talk
was full of the names and locations
of the numerous bars he has fre-
quented throughout his life.) By the
next day. Brcslin recalled. he and
Mailer had announced that they
were running for president of the
New York City Council and Mayor.
respectively.

Breslin related certain incidents
which occurcd during the campaign.
such as the time he and Muller
attended a candlelight ceremony at
Arlington Cemetery on the ﬁrst an-
nivcrsury of Robert KC‘"edy's
death. Since everyone who had
anything to do with New York City
politics was goingto be there. Brcslin
admitted that he and Mailer wanted
to look good. “I got a little altarbny
look." quippcd llrcslin.

During the Mass. however. the
more Mailer (who is Jewish) became
attracted to the proceedings. the
more the candlc in his hand tipped
forward. Muller‘s candle finally

causing my friend to curse and kick
ill the door as it opened.

“What's going on," he said im-
patiently.

Choosing to ignore him. 1 con-
tinued. “You see. Brcslin thinks that
lie . . . "
In walked Jimmy Brcslin.

“Oh.” I said weakly.“ . . . lti
tltcrc."

llrcslin looked tip. his fact: show-
ing a total luck of recognition. The
eyes were partially closed. probably
from lack of sleep. The rumpled
brown suit. liqu blucsltirt willtcul'fs
tltttt protruded a little too far. and
paisley tic showed it lllflll ~ likc
mftlty men unconcerned with
fashion.

Ilut by the massed-up. graying
flair and smelly cigar you shall know
Itim. This was llrcslin tltcjourntilist.
the writer. walking ittto the elevator.
taking tip the greater part of ll corner
with his pudgy fornt.

"Hello there." he stlltl courtcously.
as ll blind of friends and admirers
moved witlt him.

My friend and I looked at each
other. limb of us started to giggle as
we cdgcd to the opposite side iii an
ttttctnpt to look inconspicuous.

After flit: world's longest two-
tuittutc ride. We reached the base-
tncttt. Ilrcslin walked out first. He
seemed to know where he was going.
so everyone followed. It must have
looked as though this stocky
Irishman was giving us It tottr of'tltc
campus its we wound our way
through the snack bttr llnd ittto the
cafeteria.

"This is ridiculous.“ tny compa-
ttiott said. heading for tlll exit. "let's
go get tny car."

The ride to the Albttny llyutt
Ilousc took about five minutes and
soon we rout-merged into the cool
night air. Slammingthe doors to our

 
    
  
 
 

 

 

 
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

"You have a moral obllgatlon to get Intot
Ballroom last Tuesday. The polltlcd eat

tipped into the blond hair of the
woman seated in front of him and set
the hair on fire!
“lreached out and gave the broad
a whack on the back." Breslin said.
“Everyone in the audience turned
silently and looked at us.“ Although
'no one broke the solemn silence
while he and Mailer were trying to
help the woman. Hrcslin said that he
could almost hear the people saying.
"drunken hunts.“ After the Maés.
Brcslin and Mailer retired to a bar at
the airport. and accordingto llrcslin.
“gave them what they wanted totalk
about." _
Serioust Speaking
Speaking more seriously about
the campaign Hrcslin commented.
“What we knew was nothing." And

compact. we spotted a small group
of people simultaneously getting out
of their car iii the opposilccnd ol'thc
lot.

"It's probably llrcslin again.“ said
my friend surctistically.

A large figure cmcrgcd. It was
him.

"Oh. no."

Another procession formed as we
followed Itim info the Hyatt H ottsc.
tltrottgb the plush cnlrancc way and
to the hfll‘.

Hugo's Lantern Tavern

The sign said "Hugo‘s lantern
luvcrn.“ A three-piece combo was
playing an uninspired version of
“The llttstlc“ to an audience of more
chairs than people.

Ilrcslin asked us all
wanted to drink.

"Suvcn beers and one gin and
tonic.“ In: said to the bartender.

'I'hc gin and tonic belonged to it
young reporter for the Knicker—
bocker News. who was trying to
appear as mature as possible to the
legendary journalist.

Drinks were passed out and the
group slowly closed in on him.
holding on to every word.

“I hate this." said my friend. “We
can't fill just stand around him."

Wt: sat down at a ncarbytablc. sip-
ping ou the drinks that llrcslin had
bought us as we watched ltim react to
his cluster of admirers.

One tall young mun stood with his
moutlt open. nodding his head from
time to time. The cub reporter was
asking conservative questions and
making notes on her s‘tctto pad. On

what we

Ilrcslin‘s right was it stooped-
sltouldercd student government
type.

“Look. ltc‘s pructicttlly nibbling
on llrcslin‘s earlobe." I said.

flat by this time we could hardly
see llrcslin. It looked as though the

talking candidly about the problems
of New York City Breslin remarked.
“The number one work is jobs . . .
You‘ve got to get jobs for poor peo-
ple. If it comes between leaf-raking
jobs and nojobs at all. let it belcaf-
rakingjobs."

Brcslin lamented the fact that
white. affluent persons continue to
flee to the suburbs leavingtoo many
poor people togethcrinthe city. But
tilt hough these people leavcthe city.
Breslin noted. they continue to “use
the place as a public playground."
they usethe city‘s facilities but do not
pay city taxes. they make their
money in the city but take it homcto
the suburbs. etc. “In lieu ofa com-
muter tux . . . we should build a wall
around the city and charge admis-

Jimmy Breslin

group were smothering him. cuch
ottc trying to get closer than the
other. each one trying to gcl Jimmy
llrcslin to notice them.

One by one they ran ottt of
questions and left. as we remained.
wondering if we would ever get a
chance to drink with the great Jim-
my Brcslin.

Ily the time we decided tojoin ltim
at the bar. lie was talkingto a friend
of his from the New York Depart-
ment of State. llrcslinlurncdto us as
we took the seats nearest to him.

“Can you finish these?" he asked
us. pointingtothcfwo bccrglasscsin
front of film. One was full. the other
Iutlf empty. “I'm tired; I‘ve got to go
to bed."

llreslin left after paying the $42.75
tub.

“I feel guilty drinking this." said
my friend. “I didn‘t exactly make a
big ltit with him." Wt: stared blunkly
at the vacant chair to our left.

"Yeah." I said. sipping frotn the
glass that ltttd just left .litnmy
Ilrcslin‘s lips.

he syateni of potlttce." sold Jlmrny Irealln. apeaklngln the
Irlet-lournallat gave his views on a wldevarlety oftoptea.

'sion to get in.“ Breslin commented.

Breslin expressed stroneg his o‘pi-
rtion that it is the job of human
beings to help each other out and
that cities have an obligation totake
care of their poor people. “There it
no power in this world to match the
power of the impoverished in their
helplessness," Breslin remarked. “If
you don‘t go and help them. it’ll go-
ing to brush against you and bring
you down too."

Breslin alsocxprcssed opinions on
a wide variety of other topics Tues~
day night.

On free tuition at the City Univer-
sity of New York: “Are youinfavor
'of'it. yes. Are you goingto be ableto
keep it. and answer undoubtedly is
no."

On the presidential chances of
Governor Carey: “I‘ll vote for him
tomorrow morning.“

On busing: “Thcthing I'm talking
about is racial desegregation. There
is no such thing as busing. it's race."

On the Ford udministrations‘s at-
titude toward New York City: “I
don't thing they're bright enough to
see catastrophe."

On the theory of a second gun in
the assassination of Robert)
Kennedy: “1 don‘t know about a
cond gun. I know sure as hell that~
Sirltan Sirltan had a gun. and  '
used it. llclicvc mc. Sirhan had a
gun."

On the architecture at SUNYA: “I
do love the symmetry. Everything
balances. I think the architect . . .
copied the front page of the New
York 77mm." ‘

0n the fut urc endeavors of Jimmy
Brcslin: "My main business is
writing."

Brcslin also spoke about a few of
his friends such as Pat Thomas and
Marvin the Torch. “who is in the
business of building empty lots."

When asked after histqu what he
usually drinks when he gocstoa bar.
llrcslin rcplicd without hesitation.
"Anything in a glass."

Council Splits AAB Power

continua/front page one
further states she doesn't forscc such
a problem dcvcrlopingintlicl'uturc.

Mtiloncy said tllc question .of'
rights concerning the AFC is to be
brought before the SA Supreme
Court in a case that will probably be
heard next week.

Referring to the upcoming
Supreme Court case. Coync
speculated. “It seems to me that that
particular section [of the bill ban-
ning athletes from AFC] will be
struck down because it is a violation
of people's rights."

Moffett said that based on her in—

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

tcrprcttttion of the bill. it could
precludean estimated‘5000 to 7000
people wanyonc’who uses SA
equipment" from serving on the
AFC. She notedthisincludes WIRA
ttnd AMIA participants.

Coync explained the advisory
board. which will be concerned with
policy matters. will notwbe a com-
mittee of Central Council. Accor-
ding to Coync. its organization is in
the hands of SUNYA President
Emmett ll. Fields.

The AFC consists of eight
students. three faculty members. and
one administrator.

PAGE maul:

 

 e ....A Mus-m.» ,‘gn

  

