. .. ,0 ..->»:)kh—“’WFM ~

..«.=_s,...‘..r......._,.my.mﬁaem_.,.g

.3

,.explairted that the im-

, _ m of the organization was
to “make t viable, visible and effec-
tive." Long tertn objectives are to
stam'pou oppression and sexism on

Committees Fennel ’
Cortinittees were set up to
engineer'reforms. Alliance members
felt that their greatest undertaking
was the establishment of a Grievance
Committee. This Committee is

V designed to air and deal with

problems'pertaining to sexism on the
part of faculty and adminstration.
Also formed was an Athletic

Middle East
Info Failure

WASHINGTON (AP) - A
former State Department ofﬁcial
said Thurday his staff had enough
information to predict the outbreak
of the I973 Middle East war. but
Secretary to the State Henry A.

Kissingcr's aides didn‘t want to dis- -

turb him with it.

Ray Cline. whowas the director of
the State Department‘s intelligence
bureau at the time of the war. told
the House Intelligence Committee
that his staff concluded the night
before the war that “hostilities
probably were imminent."

But Cline said hewas unableto get
that information to Kissinger. who
was in New York City. because
Kissinger‘s stttff “did not want to
trouble him.“ '

By the time the message was
relayed to Kissinger the next mor-
ning. Cline said. the war had
ililrlCd.

A Central Intelligence Agency of-
licinl told the comtnittee that it was
'an ittlelligettcc fatlut'c“ that allowed
ltc ILS. government to be caught by
illfpl'lst' when the our erttpted.

llte (.'|x\ olltcittl. William
I'arittetttct. said on IIS.‘ itttclligettce
tgenc) “as :thc to ptcdict tltc war.
tltltottglt there \UH adequate infor-
mation to slltm that it was in-
:vitablc.

Committee keyed towards -en-
couraghtg participation in and
financing of women's intramural
sports. A, Publicity committee was
created. ‘to make the university con-’
tinually aware of the alliance,” and
calls for innovative. aggressive and
outgoing individuals.
therature Available
Additional senvice s to be offered
include the publication of a semi-
monthly newsletter called “Athena”.
comprised of bookreviews. essays.
and short literary pieces. Also to be
continued is a women‘s resource
center on State Quad. which current-
ly serves as a meeting place and
counseling center. It is hoped that
larger accomodations for this service
will be available in the future. A new
project scheduled for this year is the
writing of a booklet.compiled of in-

V
&
RHTHSK

formation pertinent to SUNYA
women, which is to be distributed to
incoming freshman. "

The Alliance. while mainly con-
cerned with issues at Albany State
University, will interact with other
local women's groups. A SUNYA
based committee, affiliated with
AWARE (Albany Women Against
Rape). has been formed to dul with
complaints of sexual abuseas wellas
rape. When the state legislature em-
barks on its spring' session. the
Alliance plans to participate in lob-
bying action for thepasing of Equal
Rights Amendment and other bills
pertaining to women's'rights.

The message of the Feminist
Alliance this year is quite clear.
There are women who are involved,
who are ready to act and who refuse
to be intimidated.

CMlUl C€NT€R

co"
cpl)

ENTERTAINING
YOU WITH
"POPULAR JAZZ"
(in me CttFEIt—ZIIA)

“New Vork Style"
Soft Pretzels
I .IS

to“

“NEFERTITI”
)Olltt eoottio on two
met COIE? on can:
sconce we on w
caucr FIiHGll on teen:

FERTURING

“ﬂubbllng”
Hone-ado Plan Pl.
3 .25 by the site.

‘Gonoaae Cronin-tile"

staoll I .20

large S .35

Chilled Canned Soda I .25

—t‘lLL THli—

THURSDHY SEPT. lath
7:30-ll:30 pm

 

NEWS

Editor: Stephen Drinnnktt
Associate editors:
Winrelberg

Al’ Manager: Mutt Kaufman
ARTS

Preview: Joyce lieigenba um

SPORTS

SUSAN COLEMAN
Managing Editor

PATRICK MeGLYNN
Production Manager

lletty Stein.

Associate for off-campus: Randi Toler

Editors: Hillary Kelbick. Spencer Rttggio

The Albtnty Student Press L'r pub/irhcd every Tuet'tlut' and Friday durit ~ '
I .. ‘ . _ . I ‘ lg the school year are ' )t It I ' '
Address mud to: Albany Student Press. CC 326. I400 Washington Avenue, Alhunv, NylZZgg/MH.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FULL STAFF MEMBERSHIP

DANIEL (IAINES
Editor-in- Chief

OPERATIONS

Assistant Editor: Mttre Weiger

Circulation Manager: Nancy l’illet
llilling Accountant:
Classified Advertising and (iraffiti Manager:

David

PRODUCTION

sort. Louise Marks

Technical Editor: Sarah lllurnenstoc'k
llettd Typist: Leslie Eisenstein

JERRY ALBRECHT
LES ZUCKERMAN
Advertising Managers
DA N IEI. ()‘CONN OR
Business Manager

Assistant l’rod uetott Manngeis: Cttrol Mcl’hcr-

Susan Domres

Kenneth Cobb

0.8.83. Proposes Further A-Iomb Tsatlng Ltmlts
United Nations, NY. (AP) The Soviet Union propOsed Thursday a treaty
barring underground as wellas all other atomic weapons tests. The proposed
pact would consolidate, supplement and color; the I963 Moscow treaty
banning nuclear weapons tests in the atmosphere, outer space and under
water. and the I974 U.S.-Soviet pact limiting underground nuclear tests.

Soviet Foreign Minster Andrei A. Gromon said in a letter to Secretary.
General Kurt Waldheim that such a truly “would hes major contribution to
limiting the arms race and thus would promote the further development
and deepening of the process of detente and the consolidation of peace and
international security."

Border Clashes Contktue h Illdaaat

LEBANON (AP) Israeli warplanes strafcd and rocketed a Palestinian
refugee camp in southern Lebanon Thursday, killing two persons and
wounding ﬁve. Lebanese ofﬁcials said.

The Tel Aviv conunand gave no details of the raid except to say it was
directed against suspected guerrilla targets and thatall planes returned safely
to their bases in Israel. The Lebanese Defense Ministry said the attack lasted
20 minutes.

Earlier in the day Lebanese gunners ﬁred bazookas at an Israeli patrol
across the border. The ﬁre was returned and there Were no reported Israeli
casualties.

CIA Traced To Posslble Assasslnatlon

WASHINGTON (AP) The Central Intelligence Agency explored Ways in
I960 to poison Congolese leader Patrice Lumumba. a former head ol the
agency‘s clandestine operations said Thursday.

In an interview. Richard M. Bisscll. said. “To the best of my knowledge
and belief the CIA had nothing to do with Lumumba‘s death in early 1%]
The particular operations that was looked into was aborted for TCIlStIlh
which did not have anything to do with events in the Congo. There “as it
dectston within the agency not to carry the operation beyond the fettsththn
stage."

Lt. Calley Manages to Evade Jail Sentence
WASHINGTON (AP) Despite an appwls court decision reinstating the
conviction of Lt. William L. Callcy in the My Lai massacre. he will not be
returned to prison. a Defense Department spokesman said today.

“I am advised by the Army that Lt. Cnllcy will not go back to prison." and
Pentagon spokesman Joseph Laitin.

Cttllcy‘s speciﬁc legal status remained uncertain. but l.aitin said the .‘\l|ll\
planned a later statement explaining it. In New Orlatns. Callcy‘s illltllllL'\
said the appeals court ruling would be carried to the Supreme Court

Ford More Cautious While Campaigning

MILFORD NJI. (Al’) President Ford. on his ﬁrst political outing since Lot
week s as. nation attempt. appeared to be wearing a protecth \th
Ihursday wlulc campaigning in New Hampshire.

Ihe president was greeted by friendly crowds as he sought to bum!
Republican Loms C. Wyman‘s chances in next 'I'ucsdtty's special Stop.-
clccttott. A sccurtty helicopter Iicw over part of tltc President's I?” on
route.

It wasllearncd that a Secret Service agent and a stttte police detctlm I' MI
been asstgncd to‘kccp illl eye on Linda K:ts:tbitttt.attothct' Manson lollomt
who now lives etght miles from Milford.

Fromme Trial Gets Off To Bizarre Start

SACRAMENTO. CHI“. (Al’) Lynette “Squeaky” Fromme, :tt Int
arraignment for attempted murder of President Ford. was ousted IIHH!
Ictlernl court Thursday when she detnandcd justice for redwood llL‘t'\ .tml
told the judge: "This is more important to toe at this time,“ Miss l‘ltttlH‘H
declared tn a clear. calm voice over a cottrtrootn microphone. 'I‘tn lltc win
that has to sit iii the celland worry abottt it. 'I'hcrc is art arnty ot'young itL'I‘l‘lV
and children 'Wllt) want to clean up this earth. tltc red wood trees." sltc ltegntt

Ihejudge tnterrupted. But she went on: “I want you to order the corps I»!
government engineers to buy up the parks You havejurisdictton om the
redwood trees  The important part is the redwood trees. ’I he gun is pottuul

YIN" hum". Shc Said ﬁrmly as the judge tried to silence her. “'I Itc gun I\

pointed. Whether it gocs off is up to you.”

Rocky Losses Support For Renomlnation

:5}: you" (AI’I‘A majority of Americans give Vice President Nelson
oc cfcller a poor job rattng and by a 47—34 per cent plurality oppose lllh

2f|lmll2|llon 0" the I976 Republican ticket. the Harris poll repotIt-tl
I ,l‘f” I“! "y a “I'm 9"” I"?! cent margin. rank-and-file Republicans lntoml
"5 Inc U-Wm 0n the ttckct. But Independents were 44-35 per cettt against H
()ver-ull. the negattve vote was 55-27 per cum,

..
N0 matter how these results areanalyrcd. the vice president ttppcttt s to in-

bi iiilcp mmblc wuh ‘hc broad "‘355 0f voters. Moreover. he ltas lltllctl lo
Nit zu-p a groundswcuf)‘ sul’p‘m "ml mlﬁhl ensure his nomination to [he
. mm H "ex. year 5 Republic“ co“lelon.” the Harris survey noted

 

by Betty Stein

It was the fourth anniversary of
Attica. The capitol building dwarf-
ed the 40 or 50 people who gathered
there last Wednesday tb com-
mcmorttte the prison uprising.

Four years ago. the
mttion was in an up-
ronr over the
massacre that took
pla ce t It c re.
Rockefeller‘s fateful order for State
Police to retake the prison by force
rcsttlted in the death of43 men. But
Rocky is gone now and so are the
memories. The small group of
demonstrators only emphasized
that.

Of these. only a couple of dozen
actually took part in the demonstra-
tion. The rest Iounged at the base of
a horse-and -rider statue or stood
cautiously to the side.

Overseeing the event. from their
vantage point high on the Capitol
steps, were eight uniformed
policemen. They. too listened at
first. then looked self-consciously at
one another and broke into two
groups, tttlking amongst themselves
for the rest of the event.

Businessmen on lunch break
watched from their own vantage
point beneath the protective shade
trees on the Capitol lawn. Glad for
the unexpected diversion. they
obscrvcd the crowd of young attd
formerly young rebels. dissidents
and leftists as they demanded ttnend
to everything from political oppres-
sion and racism to inhumane treat-
ment of prisoners and the Capitalist
system.'l'ltc speakers droned on:
“We have to lnlcl'llttlltlnlllile our
struggle .' . . Fascist conspiracy . .
. have to see Attica as one ofa chain
of events . . . must end racism and
sccism . . . CIA . . . Rocky . .
. Nixon . . 

Doug llullock. who wastt prisoner
in Attica at the time of the uprising.
explained his justification for such a

Feature

A nalysls

Downtown Attica  S

liberal broadening of the issue in an‘
interview before thedemonstration.

“unless there__ is‘ a tremendour
people‘s movement that starts

.pressurin'g the legislature. unless

they start taking the government
into their own hands there isn't going
to be any change.“ said Bullock who
was one of four speakers til the.
demonstration.

When asked if he felt the uprising
itself had done any real good. he
replied. “I think it opened a lot of
eyes. but in terms of change. no.
because the conditions in that prison
haven't changed. they've gotten
worse."

Despite this, Bullock remains
basically optimistic about tltc
possibilities for change. Hefcclstbat
the demonstration was itself a
positive sign. ‘It shows that after
fottr years people haven't given up.
The fact that they‘re here today
shows they can‘t shut people up.
People understand that there was a
real injustice. and when you know
you're right and you know you‘re
justified. you have nothing to do but
build."

Bullock's faith is not shared by
everyone. however. A parolce who
served two years in Dnnnemora
State prison sees no such hope for
change. “'I'lte system si too en-
trenched.“ he said. “It‘s been here
too long." The man. who requested
anonymity for fear of having ltis
pttrolc revoked because hcuttcndcd
the rally. did admit that ltcltttd tried
to get all of his friends to come.
When asked why Itc bothered to do
so if he feels it‘s a lost cause. lte half-
sntiled and said. “I don‘t know - a
cry itt the wilderness. I guess '

It is this "cry in the wildcrn 
titttdc that seemed to prevail among
tltc demonstrators. What they lack-
ed in spirit wttsmttdc u p for in the ap-
parent conviction that the event
itself was it significant enough
gesture - for now.

 

27 Central Ave.
518-463-7333

 

Gluatnm Ein‘thera

SANDALS

GIFT ITEMS

j ETC...
JEWELRY TOO!

Mom—Sat.
10 :00—6 :00

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WED.AII Mixed Drinks 35‘

Attlca Amnesty Demonstration:

slowslry

Rockefeller ls gone, and so Is the sense of outrage.

Allen Center Close Painful to Many

by Maria Abrams

The closing of the James E. Allen
Collegiate Center at the ettd of this
academic year signifies more titan a
solution to SUNYA‘s financial
dilemma according to several
students and teachers in tltc
program.

llistory teacher George lirttngos
sttvs. “It also means any attempt to
discover new ways to enrich un—
dcrgrttduatc education is lost."

file Select Cotttmittec on
Academic Priorities concluded tltttt
the Allen Center should ttot be con~
tinttctl since “its benefits do not
offset the commitment of resources
which are badly needed by other
programs more central to this Utt-
ivcrsity Center‘s mission". Nott-
cthelcss. the Allett Center is cort-
sidercd a “success” by both student
and faculty.

Frnngos attributes part of its
success to the separation front the
uptown campus. which ttllows fora
"real chance to experiment and
develop curriculum."

I'Itc center. situated on tltc former
Albany campus itt Draper Hall.
offers a “more persottali/ed st udent-
tcttclter relationship. according to
senior Mnrk Wuldermnn. Dr. Seth
W. Spellman. Dean of the Allen
Center. states a primary aitn there is

“to lessen the distance between stu-
dent ttnd instructor . . _ Teachers
are available to advise students on a
regular basis".

Mark also says "the teachers are
sensitive and express a genuittc con-
cern for us. He recalls the first year of
the Allett Center when "Dr.
Spellmtm sent a hand-written note to
cachol'thehl stttdcntsontltcirbirtlt-
tiny.“

Valerie Vnnclcefstatcs lllill “As an
Allen Center student. I don‘t feel the
courses uptown can compttrerrrwe
lcartt to think here and can apply
what we learn anywhere“.

Students consider the two year in-
ternship as “a practical part of their
learning experience ". Internships
u re offered itt economic and
governmental agencies. which the
faculty feels “enhance the student‘s
intellectual and vocational prepara-
tion and ctnploymcnl possibilities".

Wltilc freshman and sophomores
may change their majors more easi-
ly. juniors lit the Allen Center will
find transferring to the main campus
tnorc difficult. 'I‘hcy must determine
which Allett Center courses will
fulfill the requirements of a new mtt-
jor.

According to juniors lionnie Us-
trot'sk) and Sue Swincgttr. students
were notified ofthcclosingnt the end

 

7 pm Thurs.

Do you sometimes wonder

where your head is?

We want to help you flnd It.

Victory Baptist Church

28f Washington Ave.
ph. 482-6141

BIBLE DISCUSSION

43 Hlllcrest (down the road

of July and "first learned the details
less than it week before school
started. We wen: given a list of
equivalent courses il nd told to pick a
major."

Icttchcrs are laced with a more
crucial problem ﬁnding new jobs.
the 20 Inculty members were in-
formed in June ofthc Allen Center's
demise. l|o\\c\ er. A.C. teacher.
Deborah Kaufman feels “it will be
harder to get back in tltc mainstream
of things. si nee \t e have developed an
expcnisc itt interdisciplinary work".

Kaulmttn adds. "doc to the
Retrcnehmcnt Clause. the university
is only morally bound to relocate
teachers. not legally."

ln co mmcntittg on the ad-
ministration's decision. Ms. Kauf-
man says. "In an economic crunch.
we resort to traditional programs
which revamp our promises of the
‘oo‘s. lnterdisiplinary programs have
become tt ‘I'ringc‘.“

Still. many students and teachers
feel the program was ttot terminated
for “purely financial reasons“. Mark
thldcrntttn lccls the ttdtttit.§..t:ution
was against "what they consider the
politically rttdicttl views ol the fttcul-
ty“.

(icorgc I: t'nngos considers it more
of a battle between the private
schools and the State University "

 

ATTENTION:
People
Using Cars
All vehicles-

be
registered with
the
Police
by Sept. 15

from Dunkin Donuts on

"I Western) These will

. an, .I . .
Sunday to am 8. 7 pm I _, » be a penalty {or
late collate-ﬂoss

Editor: Nathan Sultutt
Associate editor: Michael Plekarski

Composition Manager: Ellen lloisert
Production staff: Ellen Fine. Kelly Kita. Debbie
Reigcr. Debbie (ilick. Michelle Lipton. Janet
Adler, Carol Burger. Sue Brenner. Kim lluntlcy
Advertising Production Staff: Joe Zubrovich.
Y Listt lliundo, Dick McRobetl. Jeff Aronowitz
Photogrme supp/ted prlnclpally by University Photo Servica and Camera Club

E'éﬁiﬁlmg‘ Orsamsm To Attack on Spills

it‘ll" (mic (1f -| . .v’  (AP) General Electric Co. announced 'I ltlttstlay
d - ' I 8 menu?“ h.“ “ruled In the laboratory at manmatle organism
mum? m- a-“'“ o" "m" 0“ “WNBYS by digesting the petroleum and
wll‘vcmng n "no food ﬂ" marine life. But GE said it would he at least tltrec
m we “anytime "'0 bm'hh'oulh. by Dr. Anandtt Chukrnbarty. could be
applied against actual oil spills,

EDITORIAL
liditor: Andrea llerzberg

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE THREE

PAGE TWO SEPTEMBER 12, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS I

SEPTEMBER 12, 1975

 

