 
 
  
 

 
 

  

 
 

  
  

 
  
  

  
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
  

  
 
   
  

     
 
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

 

“MM M‘ANW v.wﬂ,.';,-

’43.“..W W. - ~ » 

  
  
          
      
  
     
       
      
   
       
    
    
        
   
      
         
        
     
    
 
    

 

wow.,m-a..~..:i~._azsr;v...,.>c_.3, . mm.

,.‘b

 

. teriiperatureot' the scotum kills male

,  rendering a man temporarily

sterile. _ .
He says that the medical school
has experimented with ultra-sound

 

to apply controlled halt to the
testicles, causing temporary sterility.

Doctor Harman says. “I envision
an appliance much like an electic
toothbrush in every home. The man
would emerse the scrotum in a cup.
apply the perscribcd amount of
energy for the perscrihed amount of
time. and he would be sterile for X
amount of days."

FANNY UNDER THE
try-tot ..
J r '

Stripper Annabella Batistella.
perhaps better known as "Fanne
Foxe". now Says that she and Con-
gressman Wilbur Mills plan to get

FRIDAY, APRIL 1 I

free refreshments

'a'lii

in!» 5)

Jill:

:ll willzll u.

 

PAGE FOUR

 

.Vaiiety mun'ne reports tint
Fanne. who billed herself as the
“A rgentine Firecracker“. admits
that site and Millshave not yet set a
date for the occasion. She says.
however. that she and Mills have a
secretagreernentto tie the knot.

Following publicity over a drunk
driving episode last fall and Mills‘
appearance on stage in a Boston
strip joint with Fanne. Mills lost the
chairmanship of the House Ways
and Mans Committee. the most
powerful committee in Congress.

Fanne. however. says Wilbur still
has a lot to offer. She says. “He is a
sensational man. 65-yars-old. but
with the strength of a boy. Almost
every day he goes to bed at 2 or 3
am. and wakdup at 6. full of vitali-
ty. I admire his swing.“

S N O W M A N
SEARCHERS

A team of Japanese adventurers
will use an airplane this spring in an
attempt to trackdown the Yeti.also
known as the Abominable Snow-
man. 4

The legendary apelike creature.
which reportedly walks upright. has
been sighted by dozens of witnesses
over the past four or ﬁve decades.

Just a year ago. a I0~year-old girl
in Nepal said she wasattacked bythc
crattu re after it allegedly killed ﬁve
of her yaks by snapping their necks.
The girl is reportedly still hospitaliz-
ed. suffering from shock.

The famed mountain climber.

exhibits 8r films in campus center
8:00 p.m., veget—o-boll (o non-meat boll)
featuring broken string band.

SATURDAY, APRIL 12
a. workshop schedule:

I. mini—mocro--anal sts semin
conducted by kothy iohnson
schenectody peace center
9:00 am. - I2.00 p.m. c.c. 373

2. modicum
conducted by peter tobiessen, professor of biology
union college
ruth klopper, planned parenthood of olbony
mrs. valentine, planned parenthood of olbony

U 3 II:30 o.m. - I2'30 p.m. c.c. 333
i  ‘

 

4m , conducted by roger rodiek
I2:00 p.m. — 2:00 pm.
4. WW
conducted by lindo hitchcock
l: 30 pm. - 2:30 pm.
5. alternate energy sourgs
conducted by george keleshion,
 ‘s‘f'dff'bf zero energy co.
2: 30 pm. - 4:00 pm.

c.c. 375

c.c. 370

   

c.c. baleom

nhn

torscale Mount'Everert. uyr IIIIUIlI
father aw the b9 'nsble Snow-
man twice. T, says his father
described it as a for; monkey with

 

 
   
  

 

pointed head and deep. sunkcn eyes.

Tcnzing‘s father reported it was
greyish in color. with its hair grow-
ing in two directions. upwards from
the waist.and downwards below the
waist. Tenzing claims that the
animal. which walks on two feet. was
only about four feet tall.

The Japanese expedition will
mark the ﬁrst time an airplane has
been used in a systematic search to
track down a Yeti.

I.D. DEALING

Police in Chicago claim to have
arrested the "mastrl'nind" behind an
alleged nationwide/false I.D. ring.

Taken into custody was Carl Jor-
dan. a 41-year-old. San Francisco
resident. who allegedly provided
sophisticated sets offalse identiﬁca-
tion papers to underground
fugitives.

b. pine bush field trip schedule:
buses leaving circle or I2: 00 pm. and 4:00 pm.

‘ ' ‘gtonel'ol'thelirstniett‘ 7

   

  

According to . I
the false .I.D. system worked:
Members of the ring would comb
throu'ﬂt local health deplrtrhent
fileslooltingforthedeathcertifiates
of children who died when they were
less than a year old.

The organiration would allegedly
steal the death certificate so that
there was no Iongerany record of the
death. Members reportedly would
then apply toloeal health ofﬁcials for
copies of the birth certiﬁcate of the
dead individual, and would then use
these certiﬁcates to obtain. drivers'
licenses. social securiiy cards and
even 0.8. passports.

The false I.D.'s police claim. were
then sold to underground fugitives.

Investigators say they wereablc to
crack the ring after discovering that
39 death certiﬁcates of infants had
been stolen in San Francisco. Police
found that copicsof birth certiﬁcates
for these infants were obtained just ii
few months later.

PLUSH PET FOUND

It was bound to happen sooner or
later. A New Jersey businesswoman
has opened America‘s ﬁrst retire-
ment home. . . for dogs and arts.

It‘s called “Barkwoods.”

Eleanor Lillcsand reports that she
has opened the air conditioned. lux-
ury retirement kennel near Atlantic

City hecausc. while people can retire ’

to “Sun City" or other special com—
munities. aging pets have been
forgotten.

Lillesand says that most of the

CEaIAt-b Week  has begun

c. film documentary:
"tragedy of the commons” 8:00 pm.

SUNDAY. APRIL 13

rrii

5:00 pm. - 8:00 pm.
communal vegetarian dinner for dovid brower
tickets sold before hand in f.a. 2l8

8:00 pm. dovid brower, president of friends

of the earth and fprmer head of Sierra club, specks
MONDAY, APRIL r4” ‘
exhibits in campus center
films in campus center "

dr. pritchord, researcher from s.u.c. brockporl

TUESDAY, APRIL 15
exhibits in campus center
films in campus center

afternoon evenin
at droper 247
2:00 pm. - 4:00 pm. and 8:00 pm. 410100 Elm

WEDNESDAY, APRIL l6

exhibits
53‘? p'rn' - 9: 00 pm- 50"“ grupto: films lectures
on indio re: food shortage, over-population

films

(location to be announced)

for further information, call 457-8569 #

ALBANY STUDENT puss

. zl-yureold terrior named Gila-Chg

policeptltis is'how'  '

g: sophus on nutritiqn

, ’ . leaving in
v . poo‘ches with a fat 1.:
herltciiee. '
Berkwoods‘ ﬁrst resident wasa

deafness. But at Barkswood, 5h;
says. ChB-Chﬂ found a llCWilndpcr.
manenthome.

 

REPORT COST RISING

A sign of the \llspICIiIilw ruin-nu-
live in is what's hrippcnm; n» [In
Warren Commission I'L'pilll

The official Warren rep-ii i :llltl 2i-
volumcs of related margin:x \\t‘[t
published I l yeztrszign. livliniiinurhr
assassination of Presidciir ht'lilft‘lh

When the report \\.is [‘iihll\llt‘ll.
only 6.000 full sets it crc mncd In ihu
government printing nitric. :mi wt
selling for $76.

By IJCbl'liilr)‘ of this )car “icpiirr
for it lull set had climbed t.» .ilh‘til
S250. Nomaccoriling lit \. ,
magazine. “llh mit-rm n. \\
and alleged (‘.I.\ .r...:
plots soaring, the \\.l|l.'.( .
sion report is sudderih l 4.11.1...
mand. V

In the past month .iirn. 1‘ n2...
of the Warren icpnii  . ‘rgii
from $250 a sci in )‘illll \ I
says.

   
     
 

lxiiiii

l\

to 3

 

APRIL 1'1. 1975

 

 

 

  
   
    
 

 

 
  
 

 
 
  

 

 

 
  

 

  
 
  
    

 
 
   
  

 
 
 

 

  
 
 
  
  

 

  

 

   
   
 

  
       
       
     
     
    
 
  
  
  
   
     
  
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
  

 

The Rattteiclter will hopefully be made more congenial when a wall

  

and bar to built to create an tin-campus pub this summer.

by Mike Pieksrskl

The long-debated queston of the
financing of the proposed
Rathskellcr wall was finally
answered at ti regent FSA board of
directors meeting. when the board
allocated $4.200 to rebuild the wall;
meaning that a "pub" area will result
when the wall is completed over the
summer. _ ,

The decision to finance the wall
came about a month after FSA had
agreed to pay for a full-length bar to
be situated in the Rathskeller. and
about five months after the initial
work by thc CcntralCouncilGover-
tiing Board on the'propostrl.

It was a hard-won battle for Cen-
lral Council‘s Andy Bauman. the
member who introduced the bill in
October. over just which committee
would finance the wall; the Student
Association or the Faculty Student
Association.

Bauman. obvioust pleased with
the decision. said. “This is the whole
thing we (the Governing Board)hrtvc
been lighting for till along.“

FSA director. Norbert Zilhm. said
that the total package (bar and wall)
would probably cost his committee
somewhere in the range of $I2.000.

Maine Summer Expeditions Offered

tion of wild foods is provided by former Outward Bound
Instructors. “By the end of the week each party must
prepare the day‘s meal from the wild foods available on
the islands: clams. mussels. fish. natural vegitation." said

ROCK PORT.

pcdition outfitter.‘

Maine—«“Getting away for the
summer" is being taken literally by a Maine based ex-
lsland Wilderness Expeditions.
Limited of Rockport. offers (\ilnd Ill-day expeditions to,

The purpose of the wall is to
provide a pub area for students as an
alternative entertainment spot on
campus. according to the proposal.
Bauman feels that “it could evolve
into a place of intimacy and privacy
unlike anywhere else on campus.“

Mark Roscn. Governing Board
mcmbcr. also partly responsible for
the bill‘s introduction, explained
that the FSA had plans to construct

‘a wall two years ago. “But.” he said.
“they needed student involvement."
Roscn feels that student interest in
the proposal was a major factor in
the FSA‘s decision: that student par-
ticipation was definitely present

The bill. “The Student‘s Will #4——
A Real Ruthskellcr“. calls for a par-
tition to be built along the width of
the Rtithskcllcr. near the bowling
alleys. which would take up about
one-third of thctotul room.Thc wrill
itself will be solid two-thirds of the
way up with the remaining portion
comprised of beams rctiching the
ceiling.

The inside of the wtill. fttcing the
bar. will be panelled. giving the area
a pub-like environment.

Zahm ugr‘cs thitt the reasons for
the pub' establishment arc

noteworthy but is not certain that
thc Ruthskcllcr would be the place
for it.“lt(thewiill)mity break upthe
room too much." he said. ‘ln fact.
there was a wall in the Rathskcller
six years tigo and the student body
wanted ittorn down for just that
reason."
New Furniture Discussed

The possibility—of furniture being
installed in the pub was also a topic
of discussion between FSA and the
Govcming Board. but Zahm has
revealed that there will not beanyutt
least none financed by FSA.

When tltc pub is completed.
probably by September. the Faculty
Student Association will head its
operation with advisory policy con-
trol in the hands of the Governing
Board. The board will also bcublcto.
make suggestions concerning thc
pub's use. .

As for the bar. before it can be put
to use. it niustobtain ii liquor license.
Zahmand Roscnarc fairly confident
that the Alcohol Review Policy will
be changed in the students‘ favor to
allow for the sale of alcoholic
beverages. other than beer. on cam-
pus which would obviously be
necessary for the pub‘s success.

the small uninhabited is1iinds off the Maine coast. These
expeditions are environmentally oriented and strﬁs'
wilderness survival. ecological research and group in-
terdepcndency.

The expeditions begin in early June and run through
late September. The emphasis is "on teaching en-
vironmental sciences" and research methods. along with
mapping. outdoor and wildfood cooking, sailing.
scamanship and navigation. Each expedition is under
the leadership of experienced captains. former Outward
Bound instructors. and graduate scientists.

Each week a party of'twclve sails from North Haven
Island aboard 22-foov'dorics. bound for a particular
remote island off the Maine coast. Here the expedition
camps for it week. exploring. conducting environmental
research. and learning about the island wilderness. and
about themselves. “While the emphasis is on en-
vironmental research and not survival as with our
neighboring Outward Bound School on Hurricane
Island." said the expedition‘s Director. David H.
Lyman. “we have found that the close personal interac-
tion and interdependency of island living produces a
rewarding social and individual learning experience."

Instruction in scumnnship. navigation. and sailing is

rovided by Coast Guard licensed captains. “This is a
must." said the Director. “as the boats are the only link
the expedition has with civilization." Survival instruc-
tion in New identiﬁcation and prepara-

APRIL 1 1, 1975

Director Lyman. “Last summer one group hailed a pass—
ing lobster fisherman and bargained for a bushel of crabs
and two dozen lobsters. all for $25. Not what we‘d call
proper. but it was it legitimate use of the environment
and the mains at hand."

Each party becomes part of a research program cone
ducting environmental exploration of these Maine coast
islands. "our first concern is to teach a respectful ap-
proach to the wilderness. . .to instill it love and apprecia-
tion for these islands." said David H. Lyman. himselfa
seasoned sailor and naturalist photographer. This is best
acco mplishcd by involvingeach member of the party in a
worthwhile project of island exploration. Our second
concern. and probably the most important reason for ex—
peditions. is the research program itself. We are conduc-

,ting an exploration program into the coo-systems and

environment on these islands. This research includes
mapping of geological. plant. and wildlife systems:
cataloging and inventorying of the various rocks, soils.
plants. and wildlife; all part of a ,L , _“' and
written report being prepared by the Expedition under
the direction of Lycott Laboratories. and environmental
research group from Sutrbridge. Massachusetts. .

For additional Irr/bmratr'on and a brochure. write: The
Director. Island] Wilderness Erpediir‘ons, Ltd.,
Rat'kporl, Maine 04856

a.

  
 
 

med‘lcal‘school vacancies at such a premium.”
‘ will reluc ntly‘switch career goals. ’ ' ’ '

They willjoin almost 5.000 othcr‘Americans who are pun‘ gm cal ‘

careers abroad.

While the routine of applying to and being accepted by-Americanz’medieal I
schools is intricate enough. the complexities of’entcring a‘ foreign medical
school for young Americans are even more rigorous. They'must wind their
way through the maze of applying to these schools. learn to read. write. and
' speak the language of the country on
. terminology. : v

Some choose to go it uione. but others have found that thcobslaclescan be
surmounted with greater facility by enlisting the'aid of an experienced
professional organization. such its the Institute of International Medical

Education. Provisionully chartered by the Regents‘of the University of the

State of New York. the U.S.offices ofthe Institute arc located at 222 East '

I9th St.. New York City.

The Institute of International Medical Education not only assists qualified
American students who wish to study medicine abroad. but also coﬁducts a
continuing medical education program. including master‘s degree programs
in the administration of hospitals. nursing homes. ambulatory and health

services.

However. the programs of greatest interest tothe U.S. premedicalstudent
who will study abroad consist of MI intensive 12-week to Iii-week language.
culture and medical orientation course which will be taken in the host
country. either France or Italy. The programs are designed to enable the
student to cope with a new and different univeristyund cultural environment.
as well us to familiarize them with the procedures of European, medical

schools.

At tlic present time. more than 400 students have gained admission to
French and Italian medical schools through the Institute. and its co-
orgiinizations..thc Alliance for Franco-American Graduate Studies and the
halo-American Mcdiciil Education Foundation. Approximately 200 mrﬁ'e

willjoin them this year.

Undergrad Neglect

continued front page one

more. In simpler terms. the more a
professor teaches. the better his
chances of getting fired.

Administrators at SUNYA
resisted the implications and data of
the article. “Let‘s face it.“ said one
administrator. "those three
professors who wrote the article
were all dcnicd tenure here. and they
are out to get us."

Louis Stilkcycr. Dean of G raduatc
Studies rind Research. contends that
data chosen for the article was ex-
pccitilly selected to “gch the Univer-
sity ii hillclt eye."

“There are phoncy figures in the
article. They said they could only get
complete data on five departments.
That‘s nonsense. They could have
got the same information on every
department. If they did it University
wide survey I know their findings
would Iizivc been different. For in-
stance the most expensive depart-
ment in the school is all un-
dergraduate. nursing. but lhcurticlc
doesn‘t even mention it. Yet they
select a graduate school. (Criminal
Justicelas one ofthcircxamples. It‘s
it” very unfair."

Besides questioning the validity of
selecting five department's as
representative of all SUNYA.
salkcver is angered over what he
calls. "the false premise of the ani-
cle“ that administrators at this
school porposcly slight un-
dergraduate education for the sake
of graduate research. 0n the con-
trary. argues Salkever. University
planners attempt to strike a balance
between graduate and un-
dergraduate education. “That‘s why
we are a University and not just a
state college.“

Even if administrators did want to
i a ‘ ‘ ., 4 ‘ educa-
tion in a department. argues
Salkevcr. such advance planning
would be impossible because of
sudden shifts in student‘s course
preferences. “Very often we're
caught unaware quite honestly."
Salkcver says. “We have to plug up

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

But others will seek out Valid alternatives. such as forcign‘med

d develop a knowledge of medical

  
 
 
  

  

    

  
   

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

  
  
 
  
 
  

  
 

  
   
 
 
  

  
  
 
 
 
 

  
  
 
 

   
  
  
 
 

 

holes in one department. while we
may have too many professors in
another." / “

Salkcvcr points to the Economic‘s
department as an'cxamplc of the in-
tangibles-in University planning. 
"The article praised the Economic's
department for having full
professors teaching a good deal of
undergraduate courses." he said.
“But that‘s only because niiinyofour
ftill professors in that department
have strong backgrounds in general
economics so they are well suited to
undergraduate courses. It‘s just a
matter of chance." Recommen-
dations by Smith. I’clton. and
Miller. that other department‘s
could just as easily have full
professors tciich undergraduate
courses. Sitlkevcr believes are "of
limited Villllc. Each department must
rrrrtinge its course load based on the
strengths and weaknesses withing its
faculty."

Administrators will however
agree with several contentions of the
Change magazine article.

One point ofagrecment is that re-
quirements for teaching courses —
both grad and undergraduate —-
should be equal for all professors
and instructors. “There‘s not a
reason in the world why a full
professor shouldn‘t be required to
teach as many courses as any one
else." said Salkevcr adding. “unless
they are involved in University
related research." Salkever did ad-
mit that such equality was not
always the case in everydcpartment.

In “The Economics of Teaching"
SUNYA‘s Psych department was
singled out for specialcn'ticism. and
evidently the administrationjgreed
with the article's conclusions. for
there have been changes in that
department since the I972-l973 e“:
school year. More full assistant
professor) are teaching courses now.
while graduate students an.. struc-
tors are carrying a slightly lighter
work load. This is exactly the direc-
tion Smith. Miller. and Pelton urged ',
SUNYA'administrators to take. . V‘

  

  

