 

%

  

at the 'Palace
, Th. tr'e‘on Feb ‘ry 8 did not live r
-' up tourmy" expectations nor did it
‘evolre thesarne feelings it did when I

saw it inyl969:_How could it? Much
of “llair's” success was due to its
shock value. '
"Hair" is one conglomerate
criticism of society in the late 60‘s. It
was an outgrowth of what certain
people felt about that society. Socie-
ty was in a state of turmoil in I968.
Fundamental American concepts
were being challenged and people
felt threatened. The words of the
music (as in "Sodomy." "Colored

Spade") the onstageactions (such as '

Burger‘s constant fondling of his
genitals.) and the iconoclastic nude
scene were all shocking to an
audience who had never heard such
things said or seen strch things done
on stage before.

Today. ihe idea of an interracial
group of people hanging out
together is no longer shocking.
Although the drugs enumerated in
the song “Hashisb” must have been
an education for most of the
audience then. there is no mystery
about drugs in our lives today. And
how can’the stylized sexual acts in
"Hair" be compared with the 70‘s
play called “Let My People Come?"
Certainly. there is no shock value in
nten with lo'rig'hair'or women with
no bras.

Despite this, "Hair". in apolitical
sense still is relevant to this decade.
.Racial and sexual tolerance are not
where they could be. People still
need to recognize every individualas

 

I play “brilliant. new. fresh.and sheer

as g  even Years, " , "

i a unique person; Government still
needs to be criticized and always

will. Clive Barnes. in I968. called the

fun." “Hair” is no longer “fresh” and
“new”. but it still malteir for an en-
joyable evening at the ' theatre
because of its ﬁne musical score, its
vitality. and because it is great fun.

“Hair.” as faras its theatrical co m-
—_._

 

poems
i on the Bus

The bus hurtlcs downtown
Tunneling through the rain.

 

ponentti. is as‘ good as it ever was.
The music varies from being funny
as in the songs. “Air,” “Frank Mills,”
“Black Boys/White Boys," to being
extremely serious and emotion evok:
ing as in “Where Do l 60?". “Easy to
be Hard.“ and “The Flesh Failures."
The acting was adequate. not excep-
tional, except for the performances
of Burger and Woof. “Hair” really

   

poems

  

calls for strong singing voices to
reveal the “plot”. and not much
dialogue. i remember the voices in
the original cast Were better than in
this cast. The voices were strong for
the most part. but often the words
were unclear: Special effects were
handled very well. The light show,
happening on a down-stage screen
was continuous and always con-

poems

Gaze Not at Me With Eyes

(ia/c not at me with eyes
That pierce and impale me
in their depths. eyes

We gave otrr directions to the driver

He did not appear to be listening. ‘

Speak oi love.

The passengers whisper itt telephone voices;
There are no children on tltc bus.

That in their green reflections

l have no wish for love.

For lovc given so freely. i fear.

Carr as freely be swept away

A black girl points hcr lingers
To the cool dense condensation MWill "Wily
Clinging to the window: she peels a spot clear
Atrd looks through the rain blur. darkness shifts.

The btts drones downtown. never stopping.
Apparently the driver has titncd the lights.

- A man blows smoke against the InIt‘I't/il.
Somcottc is tryittg to open a window.
~ (iotlul/rlrin Rt't't/

ls better Iar

()n the wavering tides of mortal feeling.

what's that yotr say‘.’

l'hc eyes l thought were of love
Speak only of your lratc‘.’

Very well.

llatctl I would rather be than loved.
l-or a hate tltat wanes

lltarr a |o\e that dies.

7 ll l/Lirliil I’tlul

tributed .to the mood of the par-
ticular song. The use of the strobe
towards the end of the play
simulating the experience of
watching a silent movie was done
very well. The actors were very
successful in their simulation of slow
motion action which was also
employed many times in the play.

The writers of “Hair” did update
the play to some extent. Much ofthe
comedy satirizing people or'feelings
in I968 was unsuccessful. whereas
puns on Tricky Dick. McDonald‘s
new slogan “two all beef patties.
special sauce. lettuce, pickles.
cheese. onions on a sesame seed
bun.“ and James Brown gained
laughs attd applause from the
audience. Two new songs were add-
ed that were rrrorc relevant to this
decade. also.

"Hair" is a people‘s play. It's a
relax. let-wlrocvcr-yotr-arc-lutng-out
pltty. The cast comes ottt in the
audicrtce two or three times dttrittg
the play to invite yotr to dance or
clap your hands. At the ertd of the
play. everyone is invited to corrrcarrd
dartcc on stage. Although “Hair”
was rcaclritrg ottt to the to get in-
voivcd. I felt more like a spectator
than a participant. Perhaps this is
due to some fault on the cast‘s part
for not cotnrntrrricatirrg this feeling
well enough. or perhaps the Palace
llrcntrc isjtrst ttro large to transmit
these sort of feelings. or perhaps it is
just that the mood of W75 is very
different from the spirit of the late
(rtl‘s. making it impossible to feel the
satire tttrity with tile play and the
messages that i felt itr l‘)(r‘).

 

david live

 

STILL CHASI

david bowie

joni mitchell
miles of aisles

new steeleye span import "commoner’s crown” now in stock

  
   
     
  

 

$6.29
2 LP's

m.—

 
 

$6 2.9
2 LP’s

   
 
 

  

 

M

g.

tracy nelson

bonnie raitt

Mm

 

PAGE 8A ‘

   

NG AFTER THE FINER THINGS IN LIFE....
OUR VALENTINES WILL KEEP YOU SATISFIEDll

linda ronstadt
heart like a wheel $3 8.9

maria muldaur
waitress in a donut shop

8

FEB 28 AT THE PALACE THEATRE,
JUSTA SONG PRESENTS
"THE LEGEND OF THE LONE RANGE ”

HEW f3  ._

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

8. ' central ave

$3.89

$3.89

treet lights $3. 89

 

FEBRUARY 14, 1975

 

 

 

letters I
Stays Who?

To the Editor:

in reference to Betty Stein‘s article. “SA
Sports Funding Questioned.“ her reporting of
my vieWs was incorrect for the most part with
regard to what i had stated in my interview
with her.

To begin with, i said that I would not want
to see the meal allowances of the athletes
lowered. but rather to have them maintained
at the same lE'vel.

in the second place. I did not say that
visitors. either athletic or not. have been
furnished with room and board
accomodations. I simply said that I would like
to see universities who host athletic
competition or SASU Conventions provide
such accomodations. I did not say that these
conditions were presently in effect.

My ﬁnal disagreement alludes to her quote
that, “AAB would rather see athletes eat good
meals." Naturally. the coaches want their
athletes to consume good food after
participation in a sports event. My complaint
is that i do not represent the overall feelings of
AAB. nor did I state that. The above
quotation was merely an impression i had
received from the senior board members
rather than a statement of my own views on
the matter.

(iary Cooke
Member Central Council

 

No Equity

To the Editor:

ltt response to Ms. Stein's article. “Sports
Funding by S.A. Questioned." I would lrke to
clarify a few things for the record. Contrary to
the beliefs of one Dave Coyne. itdoes not take
a political activity to arouse my interest or a
direct violation of the Election Laws ol
guide"! Association. l swore an ()ath ol
Office pledging to uphold these laws: Mr.
Coyne swore the same Oath oi Office. Mr.
Coyne is trying to make a joke of Central
Council. by refusing to obey these laws. Mr.
Coyne has been abstaining on the majority of
bills before council. because of the legality
question. Indian Quad dcserycs a
representative that will take adclinitc stand on
issues. not a constant abstaincr.

Contrary to Mr. Coync's statement. l did
indeed ask fora ruling on the legality of Mr
Cilyncb Scill. from Council Chairperson
Lewis liidlcr. This ruling was requested over a
halt an hour before the rntrodtrctron oi ‘vlr
Coyne's AM! was pttl on the floor or ('cntirrl
Cotirtcil. When Mr. i‘idlcr upheld the legality
of Mr. Coyne's scat. we had no other cltotcc.
but to present our petition toSA President l’a'
Curran. in no way was [his a political more to
influence the discussion ol the AM! brll whrcir
Mr. Coyne later introduced.

Mr. Coyne has claimed that lie I» lighting
for equity. lie stated that Central ('ouncrl
dues accord to the athclctcs. a "wry (“HUN-""1
treatment." Yes. atheletes do get a lrrglrcr meal
allowance. mainly because of an outdated SA
finance policy. llut let me ttlso point otrt that
when SA people travel to the larger ctlics of
New York State. they rcccnc a largcr ttrotcl
allowance. Mr. Coync's attempt to upset the
tlpplc can has failed; lor no side lrtrscqurty. it
is now up to Central L'oturcrl to make some
important decisions on the lltlllt‘c oi inter-
CD“ciliatc athletics at Alharry Stale. ()ucstiorw
have been raised. Central (‘ottncrl has an
obligation to provide thcanswers. i will work
k

FEBRUARY 14, 1975

 

 

towltdmthes‘e answers. i only hope that m
fellow council members will work along with
me.

Gary L. Bennett

Central Council
Representative to the
Athletic Advisory Board

Food for Thought

To the Editor:

The article. “Food Fads and Fallacies.“ in
Tuesday‘s ASPiFeb. I I). was.in my opinion a
biased and misleading attack on those who
desire purity and quality in their meals. Citing
such sources as the Food and Drug
Administration. and the Pennsylvania
Department of Agriculture. the author would
have us believe that processed foods are as
healthy as “natural” ones. The opposite in
many cases is the tnith.

Processed foods contain additives which are
sometimes carcinogenic. contribute to
headaches or cause other illnesses. The FDA
(for many years controlled by large
pharmaceutical tinns) allows sodium nitrate
attd sodium nitrite to be added to hot dogs.
bacon and other meats. These chemicals have
been shown to produce cancer itr rats. MSG
(monosodium glutamate) in even small
amounts cart cause headaches lit a large
number of people. Yet the FDA allows its use
itr Chinese foods. cantted soups. meats and
baby foods. Why aren‘t these outlawed'.’

l'he ban on some types ofadvertising by the
HM cart also be looked upon as a move to
limit advertising by the smaller food concerns
speciali/ing in natural foods. This would tend
to help ottl the larger lood companies by
cuttrng down on cotnpctiton and stopping
doubts on the quality and safety of these
companies‘ products. due to a dampening on
drscussion.

Organically grown loods. errlc maybe not
nutritionally superior. are grown without
ltttrmlul pesticides which can have disastrous
eilccts oi the environment. I‘hc author stutcs
“...according to them [the food “faddists“] we
have to deny all scientific. advanced
techniques of agriculture. drsregard the use of
icrtili/crs. antibiotics. additives. enrichment
of llour.... and forget all about sanitation and
public health." l say that we should deny
scientific advances which are potentially
ltarmlul to us. I simply don‘t believe that
proper sanitation and good public health have
been questtoncd by consumers and producers
ol organic food.

| Will agree that lad diets are usually
lrarntlul and I support the idea of educating
your readers about nutrrtion. but to base your
article on misleading artd inaccurate
statements is exceedingly dismaymg.

Keith Powell

Double Jeopardy

'lo the Editor:

l would lrkc to bring to the attention of
students. ttrculty and particularly SOCIAL
\\| l.l'.-\l(l‘ M’\.l()l(S. a current and very
drsttrrbrng change wrthrtr the undergraduate
Socrrrl Welfare department.

\y of l'cbruary (t, the Social Welfare
Assuclttlttln “in mlormcd ol tlrrs probable
change rn policy Socral Welfare field work
may be doubled to rrrclude eight extra hours
pcrwcek.wrtlrN():\l)i)lHONALCREDI’L

No attempt was made to rntorm us or
consult us cottccrntng thry major and radical
changc i‘or many ol us. partrcularly the
lithium. sum trtcr school or delayed graduation
may be necessary to nrcet illls addrtronal
pressing requrrcmcnt

Strcztrl Wellare majors. ll this idea disturbs
yrrtrDth'l Si '\\l)Sl ill!!! lo change this
siltt.tittltt. we need your support and
alternative rdcas so that this UNi‘AlR
predicament can bc retttcdted. Show your
concern and helptheothcr people who wish to
change this situation.

i’leasc srgn our pclrttonsand attend as marry

Socrrtl Wcllnrc Association nteettngs as

ptrshllllc. We still need some representatives

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘interetted in help
Undergraduate V
Committee. or represett‘ t

wish to thank the people who have helped ﬁve
.us strength by responding to the unhappiness
within our department.

    

Ellen Greenbergv

Social Welfare Association

 

Egg Salad Blues

To the Editor:

This letter comes to you in reference to the
food service we are receiving here at SUNYA.
(i ranted there is economic strife allaround us.
but need you subject us to seemingly
substandard levels of nutrition in order to
compensate for the forever increasing cost of
food? The measuring unit for cost is not
necessarily restricted to money —cost is a
measured sacrifice. both tangible and
intangible.

Even as laymen. virtually and admittedly
unfamiliar with the technical aspects of
operating a cafeteria. tltcre are obvious
improvements which can be put into effect
with a delinrte saving. both on a rnonetaryand
emotional le\el.

it is a two-week long stretch of egg salad
everyday that has prompted this letter. Can‘t
we have some type ofoperr forum to acquaint

Ten llroeelt, 102'

'Child c...

To the Editor:

I would like to tell all ASP readers of the
opportunity that parents can give their
children by enrolling them in Pierce Hall
Daycare Center.

This daycare center. situated in the graduate
student dormitories. downtown. is primarily
for the beneﬁt of students‘ and faculty’s
children so that higher education can be

accomplished while the pre-schoolers are also .

in a loving and learning environment.

A recent article in the ASP by Roxanne
Reisch. seemed to give me the impression that
this daycare center was a child-dropoff place
for parents who had not the timeto meet their
childrens' needs. This is not so!

The children under the care of Pierce Hall.
have a daily growing. learning and totally
happy experience. The parents of these
children can continue their work or studies
fccing confident that their youngsters are
having a richer daily experience at the center.
than could be provided forina private home.

Students who are interested in child—
development are welcome to visit Pierce Hall
Daycare Ccttter to see us in action. Just call
the Director at 436mm.

.lennifer Posner
Director

 

 

The Albany Student Press reserve:
l/lt‘ \rl/t' rig/II In [trim or W“! Lei/err lo the
lzr/I/Ill'. .Su/uml Imam lyl'pt‘lt'rillt’lt to CC
31/: [or t‘tlll.llt/i'l'll/frlll. Key/t Ilmrt' cards

and ft‘llt'r.l mining. y/u/lm.’

 

 

 

 

 

Castles Burning :

Food Morsels

Newsclips of the Future

by Ken Wax
ASI’. Feb. 25

“lhcy‘vc gone era/y! We can‘t eat pit'mnn of steak!"

Iltat was one student‘s reaction to the new FSA food policy that serves photographs of
dinner» instead of the real thingthrcc nightsa week. (ieneral student reaction to the new plan has
been negative. “llell. my potatocs'll probably be over-developed." was heard on the dinner line

by thrs reporter earlier tltts week.

l‘SA public relations spokesman Kris l’loren met the students‘ reaction wrth skepticism.
"Look. they're good pictures we're talking about. not cheap snapshots. lhcsc are tinequality K"
x it)" color prints. We had one ofthe area‘s best commercial photographic stttdtos do them. Alt.

those kids are always complaining..."
ASI’. March 2]

liowrng to student sentrnrcnt. l'SA announced today they willdrop tlrc l‘olo-i'notl program.
rcttrrtrrng to an all-realvlood tncrttr next Monday.

.‘vtcals will he ot the same content as before i‘olo-l‘ood. btrt the serving rnclltod will be
dtllcrent. l‘SA spokesman l5. lirent Krgner explains:

"As you know. lood priccsarc very high. iiut the students want real food. and real lootl they‘re

going to get!"

"llcgrnnrng Monday we wrll return to all—real food. with one major change. in the interest of
economy. we will be dropprng our lull~meal feature."

.\lr Kigrtcr elaborated. "In the lttture. ('olonral ditting ball will only be serving sttlttds and
cottdltnctlls. [Jutclt wrll serve the rnarncoursc. lndtan. desserts and bread. and State wtlldispense
hC\L'|iIl.'L'S. Alumni will supply trays and Sll\cl’\\tll’t.‘

"We feel the sllglll tttL‘trmctltctlL’c ol the short Inter-quad w alks is more than compensated by

the saungs it all]
.\.Sl'. April it

I-SA‘» new policy of lrrrrng "l‘uod izcology Advisors" who would "stand by the tray return
bells and make stlggcslltith as to how students could waste less lood" began yesterday.

llut siltdcttts c\pcctrng a krndly person oilcrrng nutritional hurts found quite a dillcrcnt
ptcture when they turned in thcrr trays last night.

Stationed rtr pairs. one on each side of the tray return belt. the consultants were mostly foot ball
team members. and they were totrglr. and they were loud. and they were mean.

Scycral students have reported being threatened by the “enforcers.” as they've come to be
callcd "Oncguy told methat l‘d bctomorrownight‘s meatloafif i left over any salad!“ remarked

.lon Levenson. a State Quad resident.

Others have objected to the "FSA l‘ursuasion Sticks" (baseball bats with nails in them). that

the "enforcers“ brandish...
.-\Sl’. April 22

Compounding the attacks on l‘S/‘k‘s food activities are numerotn complaints that several
sitldc‘tlly employed at the drnrtrg halls have been mysteriously vanishing. Usually the day rtglrt

hctorr: rt meatloaf dinner.

Reports SA l’rcstdcul Lew i‘rdler. the way it has worked employees go down to work one
evening. and never retttrtt to their rooms. While roommates hayc been slow to report their loss.
the rncrdents came to light last week with the discovery of toolltf‘rllings and nailcltips in the

lhttrsday dtnncr meal on Colonial Quad.
l‘SA ottictals have had no comment on....

 

ban apetlt. folks

PAGE NINE

        

 

 

 

