‘xJ‘;.‘.r-.r—.'. — ‘  

‘ 27,-3‘..,w,3 ,_

“J1,

 

v-V’- ctr-NW

way». a. .A..._

mun“. .. HAW/ﬁg I.

 M- cw.-. 11"...“

p
0‘

cu tit-endemic

B‘enez’ct d' h looks forward to his
Albany angstroms “a unique opportunity
to direct the growth of a major newuniversity
WU! a multiple mission in arts. sciences, and
professional schools.“

_CIaremont‘ University Center. where
Reitezet has been president since I963. is the
coordinating imitation of the six privately
controlled Claremont Colleges. the

Clarernorit‘ Graduate Center. and many joint -

educational enterprises.
Sipt. 22, 19%

5Armed with balloons, earriays and babies. v

nearly 60 women. children, members of The
Women‘s Liberation Front. 'Concerned
Parents. and The New Left Organizing
Committee stagd a “crib-in" at President
Benezet‘s office Thursday demanding "a
written report" from the administrationon the
status of the campus day care center. . .

Sept. 29,l970:

L “When things get out of control, do you let
disruptions and violence go through? Or. do
you haul things into line?“

A rhetorical question? Louis T. Benezet
may someday have to answer his own
question. President of the State University of
New York at Albany since July 1. I970. Dr
Benezet approaches the $38,000 a year post
with nearly 30 years of administrative
experience:

“To use off campus police to quell
disruptions would be an extreme measure. an
admission of defeat. . .defeat for the entire
university community. Students have the right
\to demonstrate peacefully. to communitcate.
and I am ready anytime to meet sincere
students.“

“Students' rights to privacy must be
respected. This administration will not hound
students to act as informers. Resident
Assistants. Deans. people over whom I have
control will respect others‘ rights and our
employees will respect no “no-knock“ policy
on this campus."

“Drugs bother me. The use of narcotics.
including marijuana, is stilla felony and can‘t
he passed off lightly. It‘s not so much the
indulgence. but the dependence upondrugsto
escape reality."

“The dependence on some drugs comes to
the attention of the administration and
authorities. we can't look the other way and
they have to act. I can't tell the outside
authorities .what to do. but I would be
disturbed by an outside raid.“

To maintain order within the universtiy
community. Dr. Benezet feels that channels of
communication must remain open.open to all
individuals or groups on every rung of the
university‘s hierarchy. He intends to exchange
information every other week in an open
forum.

“No man can know all. I am not the one
calling all the shots. President‘s press
conferences tend to magnify the role of the
President and not the roles of other key
administrators. Top men in the
administration nay know more in their
respective fields than I could ever know. We
must be readyto speak on policy. for what we
think is related to what will happen."

“Weekly conferences are too conﬁning.
redundant. Every other week. I and other men
in the administration will be regularly
available in an open forum to exchange ideas.
discuss problems and to let out air pressures.
I'll take my raps; I don't like to send someone
else. The forurrts are not likely to be
disappointing.

“ Members ofthe university must define our
own goals. We must use student powers and
faculty powers more effectively. Granted.
there will be disagreements. but we mustagree
on a reasonable order of priorities. and
complete them."

Nov. 6.1970:

Various topics: concerning student and
administrative affairs were discussed at
Tuesday’s Campus Forum. the President's bi-
weekly cncounter with students and faculty.

President Berniet In opening the meeting
moved to settle any misunderstanding

‘ unioni'a question arose
,  dcliquentpayntent of parking
violations by members of the'facalty. These
outstanding fines amount to “8.000. money
which could properly be employed in the
construction of a badly needed Colonial Quad
parking lot.
President Benzet stated that he recognized
the, problem and would do all he could to
publicize violations and invoke sanctions

I. against those delinquent in payment.

Also discussed ,was the possibility of
operating a birth control clinic on campus. It
was reported that as of the present no such
plans are in the offing due to the controversial

»_ nature of the proposal. But according to Dr.

Clifton Thorne. “No individual should feel
that assistance is not available." for the
campus infirmary will advise anyone wishing
information on contraception and in some
cases dispense medication. . .

Feb. 24, I971: ‘

Some sixty students. predominantly Puerto
Rican. sat in atthe President's ofﬁce Tuesday
afternoon to back up their request for the
formation of a Puerto Rican Studies
Department.

The group sat quietly. as four of their
number met with President Louis Benezet
from 4:00 to 6:30. The 'students Were seeking
the President‘s support forthe initiationofthc
dc partmcnt for the I972-73 school year.

The probability of the department's
formation took a step forward this past fall
when a committee was set up to study the
feasibility of its creation. What the students
wanted was something in writing rather than a
verbal statement from the President in
support of the program. The President had
voiced support for the concept in October. ..

Oct. 5, I9":

“Universities are facing hard times. We
must ﬁnd ‘friends‘ and new sources of
support.“ This was the disturbing picture
presented by President Benezet at the Campus
Forum last Thursday. Longer lines and more
closed classes are a few of the examples he
cited as having arisen out ofthc great financial
cutbacks.

In order to alleviate this condition. the
President hopes to obtain more grants and
funds from people in the region who are
willing to contribute to university causes. The
President cited the need for good community
relations in order to receive these funds. I‘Our
university is facing a public confidence crisis
as well as a financial crisis. SUNYA has not
had good local press. partly because it doesn't
understand its own problems. . .we must find a
picture of purpose and direction to show on a
local and national level where this university
wants to go."

Benezet seems optimitstic that the recent
administrative shifts will help relations within
the college community. He reflected that the
move of Dr. Clifton Thome. formerly Vice-
President of Student Affairs. to a new position
as Vice-Chancellor for University Affairs at
SUNY Central Administration characterizes
the trend of our changing university." A Dean
of Student Affairs is no longer a Dean of
Students. . .the students have a voice oftheir
own. . .what is meded now is a supervisor for
professional affairs of student functions."

One ifthe most importantstudent functions
is the bookstore. E. Norbert Zahm. new
Assistant Director of the Faculty Student
Association. is acting as temporary bookstore
manager until a new one is selected. Although
Zahm said that the “bookstore is a mess."hc is
taking steps to ﬁnd solutions to some of the
major problems. Zahm is hopeful that in early
November the Bookstore Advisory
Committee. designed to formulate a proposal

to change the present system. will arrive at a
solution to help alleviate the problem of book
rush.

In response ton question from one student.
Benezet commented upon food service cost.
another facet of FSA. "There will be no
whopping increase in food prices." the
President said. “we have a responsibility to
our students to charge a minimum rate to get
by." He pointed out the fact that food service
prices have only been raised 5% in the past
three years resulting in an economic deﬁcit for
that branch of FSA. . .

 

 

tutu...x...

....-....r t...“

\ ‘ ' ’ v , - .7 ‘ V man-rqu misﬁt:

Pieces ‘ of  Benezet

I Rican studies ended' dramatically when]
building with what appeared to be at least]

Puerto Rican studies department operating at
SUNY Albany.

“We will appoint an associate or full
professor to a permanent position in Puerto
Rican studies” President Benezet pledged last
night ending a deadlock that had persisted for
over ten hours.

The money will apparently come from
Benezet‘s “contingency funds“; a solution
which he had mentioned much earlier
yesterday afternoon  . .

Nov. 10, I972:

Seenthrough the pages ol

 

 

University President Louis T, Benezet
answered some rather pointed questions on
campus radio stations WSU A‘s "Intercourse"
talk show Wednesday night.

Most of the questions concerned the
controversial tenure case of Psychology
professor Caroline-Waterman. nnd Benezet
appeared on edge throughout the hour long
program. Waterman has been described by
her students as the “best“ professor in the
dcpnrtmcnt and is up for tenure review this
semester.

()nc caller attempted to solicit a reaction
from the SUNYA President on the publishing
in the rlSPoI‘privatc correspondence between
Psychology Department Chairman Richard
'I‘ccvrtn and Melvin Ilcrs. Associate Dean of
Behavioral and Social Sciences. One of the
pieces of correspondence was a “letter of
transmittal.“ (or departmental
recommendation) which recommended that
Waterman be denied tenure . . ,

Iiemret saw no reason why Waterman
should be prevented from releasing papers of
this sort. and he said that. “I have no
particular comment on Waterman doing
anything she wants for her own case.“ He
added that “we are trying to open doors. not
close them.“ and that the students should play
an active role in tenure cases.

“You don’t have time
to think whether it’s
disappointing or not”

“I’m still a pragmatist: What works, works.”

May II. I973 (text of statement):

A group of students visited my office
Monday. May 7 to present a list of demands
concerning the process of awarding
promotion and tenure. They asserted that
decisions on our campus are being, affected by
attitudes toward personal and political factors
in individual cases. They raised questions
about the role of the Dean of Arts and
Sciences in this regard. They asked that the
circumstances of his original appointment be
reviewed and the President suspend the Dean
“pending an investigation by a committee.“

A revised set of demands was presented to
my Office the afternoon of May It. To its items
it is my responsibility now to reply.

l start with the gcncntl observation that
what is being held in question by the students
involved is an entire university system
engaging the participation of very many
faculty. students. and administrators:
systematic student evaluation; departmental
action; the cltairman‘s recommendation: the
action and recommendation ofthc Councilon
Promotions and Continuing Appointments;
and the ultimate approval or disapproval by
the President. . .

“I hope that Dr. Fields
will see the tradition here:
Students are part of the act.” 

FIVE YEA S LATER

When Louis T. Benezet accepted 9 SUNYA presidencytbe plats
for the university were withouttti hg . . .

“I saw continuing backing for ' y center that would be
given what it needed." says " ‘ ‘ ,. The big change, the one
that was never anticipated. wraith one ofthe richest states inth
union decided to cut back on their newly-created higher education
system. As a result. I’rcsltlt‘lll Ben lie! was placed in a position he

kirchmoyer

 

 

 

Oct. I9.I973:

The word from the top is that despite the
rumored apathy. this campus has become
more politically aware in recent years. This is
President Bencrct‘s observation. Heattributes
this raised consciousness in part to the
increased proportion of dowmtate
students. “We were up in the sticks a couple of
years ago politically.“ He adds that the growth
of such professional schools as the School of
Social Welfare. the SchoolofCriminalJusticc
have broken down the isolation ofthc campus
from events in the surrounding area.
Community Service has had the same effect.

When asked if students have a particular
political proﬁle that scpa rates them from the
nation as a whole. Benezet said that yes. they
do. He said the American student‘s general
political outlook reflects his age bracket.
Students are more interestedin humanjustice.
social welfare. and tend to be impatient.

Specific political attitudes tend to vary with
the home backgrounds of the students.
Agricultural and Technical colleges will tend

hadn‘t expected:
“This is no. u pom...” role," he rays. “because you‘re cortstantly

asking people to curb lhcirurnbifvns. , .we'ye had ‘olive wim
austerity."

Bonnet had been a pritltte tulle Ipresident, often occupied with
raising money. He hoped to gel 0 Within and into “edttcatimal
building". “Any university." Sal‘sl e retiring president. “that after
twelve years is called nurture. Ihﬂl madness",

While Louis ’I'. Ilcnmt rulcdtll I school. it was made clearthat
students would have a rcsportsiblt role in planning the imtitution,
Experiments like getting students 0 the University Senate has, most
years. worked out. But Ilenetel Pd Ills out: “I think we‘ve slipped a
bit.“ Maybe this is the result of allbnlsm. But in any case, student
involvement with ctuupusttlwem'" WIS established at SUNYA artd
with the low point of student {pithy behind us, that student
involvement could be institutiomllIMI.

Benezet won’t stop living his job. .

 

 

PAGE 28

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MAY 9. 1975 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

The day-long confrontation over Puerto, .
__students emeer from the administration 

partial victoryin their effortsto getafuII-tit’ne"~ ’

'.At'i‘a highly selective university I

SUNYA. student tend to move to the an
politically durim their college yean.‘W|t

students at this University are suppo

somewhat preoccupied with “stiff academic
requirements" they are more politically
involved than students in private schools.
Continuing. Benezet says that this
university is too new to leave evolved “certain
political traditions.” that -is. modes of
expressing itself. As time goes on. the

. newspaper. the theatr'cal productions. and

student organizations will create these
political traditions.

Students are dissatisfied with the
Administration. Dr. Benezet links this
dissatisfaction to a la rgerdisillusionment with
government processes in general. and he says
failure of the rational government to level
withthe nation has caused students to mistrust
every governing body. . .

Nov. to. I973:

President Benezet this week ended all
discussion over the issu re oftenure review and
reconsideration by formally establishing the
law on the subject with the release of a
memorandum. The memo. issurcd to the
University Senate. which last week passed an
amended recommendation on tenure and
promotions. effectively rejected the Senate
suggestion.

Benezet. in a memorandum addressed to all
University Senators. Deans. Directors. and
Department Chairmen. announced his fianl
decision of thc issurc of tenure review and
promotions. Issued on November I]. the
memorandum was released one week after the
Senate had met and passed a bill lining the
procedures to be followed in all cases
involving tenure review.

The memo states: “Each reviewing body
should determine to its own satisfaction the
presence of substantial new evidence. . 

Jan. I8. I974 (letter to 4 concerned
students):
Dear Friends:

Your recent visit in hehnlfof Professor Curt
Smith added to my appreclittlion of teachers
who mu kc a definite impact on their students.
Your testimony played its part in my review of
the written recommendations.

In Mr. Smith's case we were faced with one
of a group of post-mandatory your reviews. By
Senate agreement it was stipulated that a case
presenting new evidence should be truly
exceptional for tenure to be reconsidered.
There are no State University provisions for
such a process.

The favorable English Department vote was
followed. as you know. by department
chairman and dcun recommendations for
disapproval. The Personnel Committee vote
was 4-4. The Council on Promotions and
Continuing Appointments after reviewing the
case at length rcco mmcnded disapproval. On
the basis of the total review I have concurred
with the Council‘s recommendation.

The news I know is unwelcome.just as it is
an unwelcome duty for me to convey it toyou.
I appreciated tlr: spirit of your talk with me
and consider that this response direct to you is
appropriate.

Best wishes for the remainder of the
holidays. . .

March. I974:

Citing a personal desire to return to
research and writing as his primary initiative.
Louis T. Benezet recently announced his
decision not to seek reappointment to the
position of University President.

In letters addressed to Chancellor Ernest
Boyer and to members of the SUNYA
Community. President Benezet revealed plans
to leave his post in July of I975 to devote his
time to the examination of the problems
facing higher education today. . .

Oct. 25, I974:

After almost seven weeks delay. the SA
appropriation for SUNYA PIRG was
approved yesterday. The approval was given
by President Ihnezet when the matter was
referred to him from Dean of St udent Affairs
Neil Brown. . .

PAGE SB

 

