 

 

eoso'r Nathan 'Gottsdnlk.
of the Department of

 norm autumn Ii! ‘

~end‘dtl'nscbooljnr.

minumoppm'medbytbeDean'

“ottheliﬁsionot‘ﬂumnitiea Ruth
Selmitl. ltoominsoltiosaudems.
no faculty members outside of the
mnsiedepomueu. and sewn] peer
plefrom lithintbedeportmt. Led
by DrJoanetes. Chairman of the
W otPliloaophy.tbecom—
miueeisnowintheprocestot’ﬁn-

.dingapersootosen-easmrm’e

deponmez: chairperson. dfeetive
September. 193a

Gotudnlk is aiding a throw
term as department chairman Ac.
cording to lines. it is‘rmcmal porch
time that a chairpeﬁoa serves no
more than too three-year terms at
SL'IXY Albany? He said (“Maserati
Ins completed a 'dexmnding task'
and be Iill continue to teach in the
trim: department.

Enemw alternating has been
done toiul'orm interested permits at
the \macy. Reta said the mailing
list used includes three categories
ﬁnd. as were pistes“: pubbcauom
of inﬂates: to poop}: in the must:
ﬁeld. Xeu.  mitt: high!)
acclaimed muse departments were
contacted and asked to display the
announcement. Fundy. assistant-r

loo"

MueWmMMWku-ﬂlstepMnhw
in post out contests. Aeonlritteeisnowseeﬁnglisreplacement.

ditiduzls ed the mute: malaria;
were oiled to send 
recommendations of people alive
avg-"m from} the requzir term. “hm
ssiedaiutmsema mogustdto
scion the net chime-nor. Mus

" '15: as eoruidtmzi if:

To date. 2! responses :32: L. a
Riff-hi from peeps: across the or

 

PROFESSIDRS

Any student interested in nominating
a professor for the

Distinguished Teaching
Professorship

Chancellor’s Awards
for Excellence in Teaching

Please submit or mail
the professofs name to:

Warren Roberts

Levenéon-StayS, ASP T
Sﬁpnmlhmueaoehhnn'

by Dotiel O'Connell

A! last Wednesday‘s Central
Council meeting. Commuter
representative Jon Levenson missed night was an example n: the [hm
impeachment by twovotes.the ASP which had led to when: r-atcnag-
was denied a stipend increase. and tion. ‘
Indian Quad representative Ed After the imrmg‘
Moser resigned because of tensiondid not lctup
'disenchantment" with Council. ed by a discussmn .u. ~ ._

The impeachment move was stipends for the cdltttrx
proposed by Jay Miller because he The major argument 
feltthat Lctenson's hating missed 20 of an increase ln  _
0‘37\L‘)le§ qualified him under was gixcn h} Edtlrtr-lr;.t . _.
the grounds stated inth: SA Con- (rattles. Biblcull} t...  ..
stitutron: neglect. misfeasancc. lhcllmclhccdtluhr‘ » -
malteaiance. or nonfeasance of l_\' into their ~o.,.
dua}. chenson contested the recreational 1m.“ .
charges made against him one by remuneration
one. He contended that he was only Student Senatw it ~ . 2,
absent when he had to and conelud- that the lnslgntliwr’ .
ed with the statement that members to each person “.1. .. . v
should mretull} consider the matter the C0mp€n>allt|n f -- _
and KS implications before voting. 0n the oppm
Counai member Nathan Salant by SA \‘tcc l'rmd
reacted lunatisl} to :OlTlC of Leven- that 55,000 lfl ~tt
$0.15 remarks. Salant said that his to SA-lunded gr.
coiieague‘s bettet that not casting that that “it: [I'll
certain totes; should be considered a Kath) Baron ~
'azrategte mose' qualitied as the stltuents would b:
‘30:! ridiculous thing he had heard the ASPgot Slum —
: .t Courts] meeting. He also said an) Increase
""-t Letenson's behauor at some of \lan) mcmhcn .« 
. £3105: naéadtsgracetoCcntral practice of gran 7.
to al. -\ttcr an hour's debatethc general. Other»
:mpeachmcnt resolution was
ceteated b) falling l\\0 short of a
needed 16 taiomble totes. There
were l0 dissenting members and 3

abstentions. Council member
Bryan! Monroe complained that the
way Council “as acting m lat that

pend increase um c5... _ ' ‘

 

Of

Nominations and

CLASS OF 1979

Executive Committee will
be held on October 28

Any dues-paying Freshman may run

Elections for

at 9PM in the
CC Assembly Hall.

or vote.

 

r.

 

{ E V. : . r. .
Quintet Program "
During and Difficult

by Stephen ElseninIn

As if to keep pace with the natural artistry of the fall landscape. Albany‘s
presentation of musical artistry continues. Friday evening‘s concert of the
Dorian Wind Quintet at the PAC displayed a host of musical styles and
forms. The program was one that could be admired for both its daring and its
difficulty. It included transcribed organ works of J. S. Bach. works by the
modern masters Poulenc and Villa Lobos. a romantic work by a nearly
unknown composer. Foerster and the world premier of David Gibson‘s
“Ligatures.”

The opening Bach,consisting ofthrec organ works. arranged by Mordecai
Rechtman was charming. The live wind voices are here perfectly suited. The
Baroque counterpoints. originally intended for the pipe organ. were expertly
played upon. and the ensemble performed throughout with vigor. if not with
perfect precision.

The second work by the French modernist F. l’oulenc. was more
challenging. It is a work that employs the modern atonal system as devised by
Schoenberg. yet with a conventional flavor. Indeed the Finale. with its initial
stutemcnl of theme and later rccapitulation. seemed to be in Sonata Allegro
form. lt wusPoulenc‘sway of blendingthc old with the new; the strict form of

Haydn. with the dissonanccs and atonalities of Webern and Berg. All the
musicians performed wall. with Jan Taylor particularly fine on bassoon.
Chttrlcs Kuskin on the oboe seemed to lose control at difficult points in the
work. yet he persevered and seemed to settle down by the evening's end.

Hcilor Villa Lohos' quintctte followed. It is a work ofextremc difficulty;
the clarinet part in particular. Here Jerry Kirkbridgc displayed his virtuosity.
His purc. strident high notes were a marvel. His energy and power were
unwavering. and (IS the piece was concluded. the audience sent the artsists off
for the Intermission break with wave upon wave of applause.

[be second half of the program saw the world premiere of SUNY
com poser-cellist UlIVld (ii hson‘s “ Ligatures." After hearingthe work. I could
not help but wonder whether my neighbor's remark“This should bea trial of
endurance." was referring to the musicians or to the audience.

The work was lln attempt to blcndthe individual colors and textures ofthe
quintet into one sound. pure and homogeneous. In this sense it failed. The
tones crushingagainstoneanotherin ever loudcrtolls. had definite power. Yet
this cacophony the purity of each individual instrument was intensiﬁed.
Certainly any work for more than one instrument demands the listener to
listen to the totality. l found the case to be no different here. The sounds were
continuous. weaving an intricate latticework of rhythms and accidentals that
demanded complete attention of the audience; thus the restlessness.

lhc final work by Focrster was one that did nothing to lift the composer
out ofth depths of obscurity. It had simple forms and harmonies; appearing
to he a classical cxcrcisc. rather than a finished Romantic masterpiece. All
the music-runs played here with precision and were called back to perform a
line encore: Bach‘s Little Fugue.

VOTE

It’s for you.

 

 

November 4.

 

ism CLUB
' ME

OCTOBER 28, 1975
at 7:30 PM.

Everyone
Welcome

0
l NEW.
0

iy'ru'ct kilos _ V
no no Peligdl

On October I9 ll the Palace Theatre. were you ready ’

for Flo and Eddie Ind 'Fleetilood Moc'lJ‘hrough time;
both groups have come from a soft mellow styleto loud
rock. Flo and Eddie werethe drivingforce of the TurtleI
of years back. and under the motherly influence of
Frank Zappa have gone from singing love songs to
doing hate songs.

Through their cute but hilarious form 'of satirethey.

express contempt for the antics of today‘s pop rock
stars. The new Turtles use rock to do their mimicry and
they do it well. mocking the actions—jumping and
twitching—of the rock “assholes‘ from Hot Tuna to
Hendrix to Page to Springsteen and oMtnd-on. Lest
anyone be forgotten. they even put down “Negro
music“.

'l‘heir ability as comics was well demonstrated in the
Rock Star Dildo routine. but their music is likewise
well done. Anyone who remembers the Turtles
remembers line vocals: these remain. and are
accompanied by a tight and funky band—most
impressive was the lead guitarist who managed to play
well without performing like a circus act.

These gentlemen even managed to mimicthemsclves
by redoing the old stuff with Slight. less than subtle
vulgarizations. Ho and Eddie and the new Turtles are
an entertaining act—but unlike others. they know
where an act and musicianship separate. and this is their
point of takeoff.

ln |9b7 John McVie. Mick Fleetwood. Peter Green
and Jeremy Spencer formed Flectwood Mac. primarily
a blues and rock band. McVie. Fleetwood and Green all
had played with John Mayall and The Bluesbreakcrs at

one time or another. accounting for the British blues ‘

sound oftheir music. Shortly after the band's inception
Danny Kirwnn joined as the third lead guitarist (Green
and Spencer being the other two). He injected a softer.
more popular styleinto Fleetwood Mac's repertoire asa
counterpoint to Green‘s B. B. King-type runs and
Spencer‘s slide guitar.

Heelwood Mac‘s sound remained much the way it
was until they nearly broke up not too long ago. The
turmoil resulted in a new band. The McVies and
Hectwood werejoincd by Stevie Nicks on vocals and

The Choolcol Petunia-was
Fun in Digging

 

Archeologicttl digs can be and often are ex-
citing. and the linds are sometimes spcc‘
tacular. The same can hardly be said for the
object that is being unearthed in today‘s cur-
toon. Someonc‘s strtttigraphy seems to be llll
wrong. and the whole chronology of this site
will have to be revised.

“Oh. ohl I'm attald It's not going to turn
out to be on old a clvlllzotlon II we
thoughtl"—~ Graphic by IRit'llll‘r

McVie‘s has be

Buckingham": tor . u‘: , _
Fleetwood‘e ample drum set plus rkrlled uleof it I
not hard to understand why the vocals were drow
out. . -

Generally the sound at the Palace in line. Icit w or
Ho and Eddie. Therefore. it may be assumed that».
excessive volume was the cause of the distortion of the
sound. Buckingham started playing while Christine,
McVie announced a few songs to it was impossible to .
hear their names. Moutofthe material was unreleased. ,

If it sounds on album the way it did on mpiuhould
stay unreleased. However. Ms. McVie's vocolI were
excellent when you could hearthem. Buckinghnm tends
to be repetitive and Ho and Eddie could have done a
good job gooﬁng on him. Perhaps he would lit better
into a band like Slade.

While Buckingham at least added some volume.
Stevie Nicks added next to nothing. She sango song or
two and back-up vocals (all of_ which were
unintelligible) but mostly she danced around like a
green moth. a harem girl. It makes one wonder why the
rest of the band splits the paycheck with her. Christine
and John McVie and Fleetwood showed they are
excellent musicians but the excessive volume and weak
supporting cast were more than they could surmount.

'l'hetwo high points oftheir set were “World Turning”.
from their last album. and the encore. “Hypnotiur”.
from Myslery To Me. Buckingham was cor shuttering
on “World Turning“ .‘but he was able totlavoid the
repetitious playing he exhibited all night. Surprisingly.
he showed some ability on the slower “Hypnotizer”.

Unfortunately two songs don‘t make a concert
although they did make up a large proportion of the
short. hour and a quarter set. From this concen the only
conclusion that can be reached isthat Fleetwood Mac is
a shadow of it‘s former self. Perhaps ifthey would listen
to one of their earlier albums they would realize that
volume usually distorts rather than enhancesmusic. It's
not always good to look back but you can't dispute the
fact that wclall learn from the past.

 

 

t Re'nsselaer Union Concert Board

McKendree Spring

Sat.
Proctor’s Theatre

Tickets: $5.50, $6.00

OUTLETS: Discount Records- Stuy. Plaza
Record Town- Colonie Er Rensselaor
Midland Records- Colonic Center

presents

POCO

Nov. l 8 PM

Troy

 

 

Social Science 329
by Friday Novd

I I I I I
“us comma SI“ “5 mp3 - '(fli'n‘t/egctieétter Jewglars— Schenectad
. I ‘ ' tor
wrll be drscmsed. ,_ ,t - , ampus. en
- ﬁ ' Beggar“

Retroshmonts will be served.

 

 

 

Lt-----.--------

v.—

OCTOBER 28, 1975

 

 

 

Funded by 5A and Class of 1979
4/

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE SEVEN

ALBANY STU
DENT PRESS OCTOBER 28, 1975

 

