 

 

«ﬂeﬂs'ﬂ  

an»

 

rm... _

if
557:
i

. 1 ﬂag»:— ~W:

. -_s._,..,‘_._ ,w

"‘9' demeanor Revival f 

from me

 respected ‘1 faculty im- .

I mediately. “They have very able
your people” she said. “very
promising to the future, but of
course they are of no renown right
now.”

Steps Needed

Individually. the consultants,
Walter Randell of the Univ. of

and; Robert Ferrel of Ilidlllld L

Univ.. and Stromberg, were hesitant

:to  the speciﬁcs of their

forthcoming report, but the Albany
Student Presrwas able to learn the

‘ following about their conclusions:

OTheldepartment must focus its
resources on its strengths to draw in
high quality graduate students. The
report will _ndt recommend any

Humanities Division is Cut

continued from page one

Sirotkin indicated that the deans
would have an opportunity to make
a case for suggestions other than
those; contained in the letters.

» The plan will be explained more
fully when Sirotkin and Fieldsspeak
to the University Senate on
December I.

Sirotkin emphasized the uncer-
tainty surrounding these decisions.
“We‘re talking about positions we're
not sure we‘ll have,” he said.

The State's ﬁscal crisis could mean
cuts and there is presently a freeze on
new appointments imposed by the
State Division of the Budget on
November 12. New lines will have to
be approved by them. Sirotkin
noted.

“He’s [Sirotkin] done an Her-
culean job getting this much to us."
said School of Business Dean
William Holstein, “he barely knows

this year’s budget.” Holst'einexpects
additional lines, and is pleased to be
informed in November, giving him
more time to ﬁnd qualiﬁed faculty.
“I got word of my new line first year
in late spring,” he said.
Recommendation Made

The reallocations are part of the
process of building the university
within limited resources that began
with the report of former President
Louis T. Benezet‘s Select Committee
on Priorities last spring. That report
made recommmendations about the
success and viability of every
academic section of the campus.

Fields says the decisions are his. “I
want to be in a position to propose
and hear criticisms and suggestions.“
he said, "and then come down after
that." He indicated that the Univer-
sity Senate would be part of this
feedback. “I don't think they want
much more than that."

Cowan Quits Dean Post

continued from page one

concur with this contention. Accor-
ding to Virgil Zimmerman, there is
“no basis for not taking the resigna-
tion at face value."

Joseph Zimmerman feels that
“you can always speculate [about
other reluons for the resignation}.
I'm not personally aware of any."

Political Science professor Walter
Goldstein believes that there is no
reason for Cowan to step down other
than his stated desire to return to
teaching and research.

Case Closed

continued from page one
motion. introduced by Meckler.
passed l5-l-2.

Meckler stated that Council
reconsidered the issue and realized
the restriction was unfair.

The AFC is a standing Council
committee which controls student
monies funding intercollegiate
sports at SUNYA. AFC decisions
must be approved by Council.

Council passed a bill establishing
the ‘AFC on October IS. That bill in-
cluded the stipulation that "no stu-
dent shall be allowed to serve on the
AFC that simultaneously is a
member of any club or sport funded
in pan or in full by the AFC."

 

A native Canadian, Cowan came
to the United States for post
graduate work and remained to
teach at Columbia University. At
Columbia he was successively Assis-
tant Director of the School of Inter-
national Affairs, Professor of
Political Scien'c’e.’ land from I960 on.
Director of the‘lnstitute of African
Studies. His particular ﬁeld of in-
terest isthe politics for the develop-
ing world with panicular reference
to French-speaking Africa.

Research Done

Cowan has done a good deal of
research and writing concerning the
politics _of French-speaking Africa.

Presently he is working on the-

translation of a book which deals
with some aspects of Latin American
politics. Cowan hopes to continue
such work as well as to re-enter the
ﬁeld ofteaching. He hastenure in the
political science department at
SUNYA and will stay with theiun-
ivcrsity as far as he knows.

Cowan relates that President
ﬁelds has invited the faculty and
students of the OSPA to submit the
names of persons they would like to
see considered for positions on the
search committee to select a new
Dean as well as for the position of
Dean itsclf. Fields will select a search
committee in the near future.

 

The New 75-78 Basketball
Cheerleaders
Kathleen Peterson, ‘79; Diane
Potter, ‘77; Francisco Senhousc,
'76; Janet Moore. ‘79.

First Game: Wed., Dec. 3
vs. Coburg. Australia
PEP SQUAD
FORMINGI
Call Cathy Davls. 463-0309

 

 

Because of the proximity of the
'l'urkey vacation,
The FSA
Membership Meeting

scheduled for November 25 will
be held one week inter, on

DECEMBER 3

at 2:30 pm.
in the President‘s Conference
Room

 

s " mucosa in the dW‘
 be amines President not.
hassaidthat no one is presently 000'
sides-ing the elimination of any new
areas of study.

0Tbe primary means of making
available the three or more needed
senior teaching lines should be
through attrition. Two professors
are scheduled to retire within the
next two or three years.

OThe new professors will be ex-
pected to carry an undergraduate
teaching load in addition to their
research and graduate teaching
Fields has acknowledged that it
would “only make sense to use men
of that type of quality to teach un-
dergrads as well as graduates."

OThe department must solve inter-
nal squabbles which have caused a
serious lowering of morale. “They
have to agree to work together,“
Stromberg said. “They're pretty
demoralized because of past ex-
periences. They have to look afresh."

'There must be a shift in teaching
loads. The consultants declined to
elaborate further.

Administration ofﬁcials say they
will wait until the President releases
his own recommendations based on
the report before taking any actions.
Some. such as Executive and
Academic Affairs Vice President
Philip Sirotkin. said that the few
contingency plans which have been
discussed have not progressed
beyond the speculative stage.

The consultants each separately
visited the campus twice,')during
which time they spoke to faculty ad-
ministration, and graduate students.
None of the three recalled speaking
to any undergraduates. "offhand,"
Robert Ferrel said“my memorysays
they were all grad students, thought
certainly intend'éii to talk :9 th’e’in
[undergrads]." 1Sir’orrlliw.'r'g I said he
was too “busy talking to the Dean
(Richard Kendall) of the depart-
ment. the vice-president. and the
President."

The consultants hope to keep in
communication with Fieldsto advise
him on possibilities to fill the
positions they recommend. “All
professors like to give advice." Ferrel
said. “You can bet yourlife we're full
ofit. We would be pleased to be con-
stzrntlyconsulted. Everybodylikcsto
be pleased."

CC Concedes

continued from page one

The solution worked out by
lawyers for Sears and SA provides
that SA pay $100 for the now “used
carpet" in the EOPSA ofﬁce. As a
result. Scurs will drop all litigation

“against SA. EOI’SA and Stokelin.

The controversy began in OC-
tober. I974. when Scurs alleges that
Stokclin. then EOI'SA I’residcnt,
gave them an unauthorized voucher
(tr purchase order form requesting
SA funds) for 115630 carpet. The SA
executives and Council rejected
Stokclin's plea that SA foot the bill
for the rug, which hard already been
installed in his group's office.

Over this past summer. Scars
begun court ttction ngninst Stokclin
for payment of his purchase. The
case developed into a third puny ac-
tion suit when Stokclin sued SA last
month. bringing both presidents of
EOPSA and SA into the

 

 

CAMPUS couraacaprrou
CLINIC “v

New Home: NOON to 3 pm. M-f

457-3717

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

III a
Council voted to answer llllltllllll-
mons and was prepared to follow
suit through. However. with the new
Sears settlement offer. they won't
pursue the can: any further. SA'
President Andy lluumun lillltl in his
report to Council on the crtrpct,"l
think we've ﬁnnll y rcnchcdthecnd of
titis mess."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Communist Workers Call Strike

LISBON. Portugal (AP) Portuguese Communists, seeking a bigger stake in
government, called a general strike Thursday after the moderates in ofﬁce
suspended government in a bid for military backing. Within hours of the
Communist call, an estimated 50,000 workers demonstrated outside the
palace of President Francisco da Costa Games. They shook clenched fists,
chanted revolutionary slogans and yelled "Fascists" at the guarded palace.
Premier Jose Pinheiro dc Azavedo‘s suspension of government was aimed at
pressuring Costa Gomez into giving the moderate administration the full
support of the politically split armed forces.

Spain Mourns Death of France

MADRID, Spaln (AP) An ideologically divided Spain began 30 days of
national mourning for Gen. Francisco Franco while across the border in
France about l00 Spanish refugees celebrated in cafes and drove curs
through the steets of Hendaye with their horns honking to mark the death of
the dictator. President Ford and other world leaders expressed condolences.
Astatemcnt issued by Ford in Washington said in part: “We wish the Spanish
people and the government of Spain well in the period ahead. The United
States for its part will continue to pursue the policy of friendship and
cooperation which has formed the touchstone for the excellent rcltlllons
existing between our two countries.“ ’

Senate Calls for Release at CIA Reports
WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate today spurned administration pleas to
block public release of anintelligence report on CIA involvement in foreign
assassination plots. The report proposes that any future government plots lo
kill foreign leaders be punishable under domestic murder laws. The Senate
met in secret for nearly four hours to hear details of the report. but members
emerging from the secret session said the entire time wasspent on proccdurnl
discussions and that administration supporters blocked a formal vote on l he
report.

House Damocrats Kill Busing Bill

WASHINGTON (AP) By refusing to push for a constitutional amendment
that would ban busingasadesegregationtool, House Democrats ac laying in
rest‘ any chance that such a measure willube considered this year. The
Democratic caucus voted Who 96 on Wednesday to kill a plan that would
have required an- antibusing amendmenttobe sent bylthc House Judiciary
Committee to the ﬂoor within 30 days. The vote not only killed prospects
for consideration of an antibusing arnendment before the end of the year. it
also reduced the possibility of action on such a measure next year.

Bar to Consider Women for Supreme Court
WASHINGTON (AP) Women are included on a new list of cztndldhlm
submitted by the attorney gcncral to an American Bar AShOCIillltlll
committee screening potential Supreme Court nominees, uceording to
newspaper reports. The Washington Star said the list submitted to the A llA
panel by Atty. Gen. Edward H. Levi includesthe names of Carin A. llllls.
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. and US. Circuit ('ourt
Judge Shirley Hufstcdler. The Washington Post reported toduythnt llrc llsl
included Mrs. Hills and U.S. District Court Judge Cornelia (i. Kcnnctl.‘ “I
Detroit.

Los Angeles Police Hunt for Rapist

LOS ANGELES (AP) In the city that made the word “drugnct” lionous. n
massive hunt is on in the "Westsidc Rapist" case. Ninc cldcrly worm-I1th
been sittin and perhaps twodozen more attacked in the past year. “There Is "0
one Weslside Rapist," said Lt. Dan Cooke. a police spokesman. “We hclIL'W
there is more than one, at least one other. even though there nrc ClilsL‘
similarities in all the cases. It '5 one ofthc most bafflingcuscs that Wc‘w hod."
Cooke said. “We‘re not trying to have a ‘Jack the Ripper‘ or or hcrcclchmtcd
case, but that obviously is what we're getting now."

Reagan Attacked on Campaign Tour

MIAMI (AP) Former California Gov. Ronald Reagan was h'ilhbm “"d
wrcstlctl to the ground today by it man who uppcared to be carrying. 3‘ Em"
Reagan was unhurt and the man was collurcd by Secret Service til-"'“I‘
chgan bad Just ﬁnished a speech to about 400 supporters outsidc n rnotul
near the Minmi airport. where he arrivcdjusl 30 minutes before on n too-tin)
campaign swing covering four states. Reagan. who had plﬂmlt‘d 4' IN“
conference immcdintcly ufter u speech was instcud hustled upstairs ill the
motel. lie was milling urtd appeared unshnkcn.

Payroll Checks Delayed in NYC

NEW YORK (AP) Distribution ofSlZ'l million in puyroll checks in nllcrt)
employees except tcochcrs was delayed Thursday. although iccllnICiIll) their
was no default. The moncyiscxpcctcd to be available within 24 hours In mccl
the pltyroll. The checks nrc dntcd Friday. Customorily. howcvcr. they nrc
distributed to employees it day curly. But it was learned than the ctly 101"“
Itself $86 million short of the total payroll.

Carey Very Close to Solution tor NYC

ALBANY. NY. (AP) New York Gov. Hugh Cnrcy snid 'l'hursdny lhi" 3””
ofﬁcruls ware “very close”tourrunging5l50 million ini‘inuncingl‘mw" “H "
New York City default next week. llut Cnrey still l‘nccdn potcnlittl rcvoll '“

‘hf "We “whim”: “will”! a proposed one cent boast in the New York ('ily
till cs tux.

 

NOVEMBER 21, 1975

 

 

7- SASULobbiesin”

Weary Students See Congressmen.

by Randi B. Toler

Ninety-five people from SUNYA
piled into the SASU-sponsored
buses for Washington DC. on Tues-
day morning all set to lobby for sup-
port for New York City. They
returned about 25
hours later exhausted
and having learned a
little bit about lob-
bying in Washington;
the hard way.

The Albany delegation arrived
first in DC. at about 8 am.
Everyone took off to explore the
capitol for about an hour. We were
In rendezvous ill. the Sum Rnyburn
Ofﬁce Building at 9. There we were
to learn how to lobby and exactly
what it was we were lobbying for.

Fact sheets were hundcd out on
the New York City fiscal crisis. and
on a bill supported by SASU. HR
50. HR 50 is the Equal Opportunity
and Full Employment Act of I975,
sponsored in the Senate by Hubert
Humphrey. Students were told to
organize their arguments, and above
all to be very polite. Joyce Chupka,
Legislative Director of SASU
detailed for the students how this
was to be done. “Kiss ass." shcsaid.

Afterthc bricf'orientation we went
over to the west steps ofthc Capitol
where we had a permit for over a
thousand people to assemble. There
we waited for tire rest of the over
l200 students from SUNY campuses
throughout the state to arrive.

News

Feature

hundreds of siudents who continued '

to arriveat the Capitol steps by the
bus load. About every is minutes a

young man faced the Capitol. made .

a megaphone with his hands, and
seeming to address himself to the

dome of the Capitol shouted. “Jesus .
is coming again.” Each proclamad '

tion‘brought giggles from the crowd
of nervous students as the time to
lobby for their cause grew nearer.

After everyone had arrived
(Oneonta had the largest delegation
of 7 buses) the groups soon dispersed
to grnba bite to out. making plunsto
meet again nearthc times oftheir ap-
pointmcnls with their respective
congressmen.

Unfortunately. the actual lob-
bying turned out for many to be a
fairly insignificant part of the trip.
SASU had insisted that the best ap-
proach was for students to lobby
with their own congressmen but
many students felt this was
worthless. Students from Con-
grcssman Norman Lent‘s district
had a very discouraging session with
Lcnt even though he insisted that he
was "on record to vote forthe bill."

Lent told his weary constituents to
"pack up. get on the bus, and go back
to Nassau County or whatever.“
Needless to say the students were
quite upset at henring this fromthcir
own congressman after traveling
eight hours on a bus to speakto him.
Lent was concerned that'ilstudents
would talk to out-of—state con-

Wc were grouped according tomogressmcn about free tuition in the

congressional district. Eacltrlglbup
hud iln appointment with thdnbwii
congressman and-aticorigressmun.
from another state. We stood
around practicing what we would
say to our very own elected ofﬁcial.

Meanwhile a solitary gentleman
was caught up in his own bit oflob-
bying, much tothe amusement ofthe

Cheating Can

by Daniel Gaines

Elli/orb Note: This is the fourth in
a series of articles about cheating.
Further articles will deal with a!-
Iilutlcs and implications. The names
in the story related below are ﬁc-
It'lious.

Henry was sweating. It was about
ten minutes before his organic
chemistry cxnm, and he knew he was
unprepared. Should he client?

“I remember fhinking I should
talk to the professor. orjust skipthc
test and make up a convincing ex—
cuse." suys l-lcnry, “but I really
wanted to gel the whole thing over
with more than anything else.“

llcnry had been siltingat u table in
Dutch Quud‘s cnfetcrin with u
sandwich. salad and drink in front of
him while he swcutcd. His friend
Chester snt across from him.

“Don‘t chcttl." said Cltcstcr. “It‘s
not fair to cvcryonc else 'cnusc Ihcy
studied and didn't client. and it‘s not
fair to you because you won't know
organic chcmistry. Just tell the
professor and do llcilL‘l' lulcr on.
He'll be on your side lhcn."

“Ilut lots of people will chant."
said Henry. “and i don't wont to
look even worse because of thut."
Henry left for thctcst,still sweating.

“i was nervous as hell walking in
that room." remembers Henry. "I
just didn‘t know what to do." Hedid
take care to position himself where
he would be far from the proctor's
eye and in easy sight of other exam

NOVEMBER 21, 1975

“City. thus .losingtthewotcsttbnt he

it, had “lined-up on-this, corridor." . l
 ...Although the..st.uderua.axplained

to Lent several times that they were
not usingthese arguments with other
congressmen. he did not seem to be
listening. He told the students that
the "bill is in a very delicate state”
and to “leave the votes alone."

Be Traumatic

papers. But he still wasn't sure what
to do.

“When the test was handed out.“
he says, “I looked it over and know
about one-eighth of it. I started to
look at someone clsc‘s paper—but I
couldn‘t do it withoutswcnting more
and shaking. I don't know whyl was
so nervous about cheating . . . so
many other people do it and they
seem to have no trouble. I guess I
couldn‘t imagine anything worse
than getting caught."

Chester remembers when chry
returned from the test. “A disaster,"
he says. “ Henry blew it completely.
He didn‘t study, didn't chcnt. didn't
say nnyt hing to the professor. Henry
docs ok when he studies. He made it
a disaster by being it bit irresponsi-
blc."

Henry received a ‘c' in organic
chemistry. He‘s now glad he didn't
Cllclll. "I think I‘m in the minority."
he suys. "because I just can't bring
myselfto do nnything wrong without
feeling guilty. My purcnts son of
emphasized right over success. and
that could explain it."

Chester and Henry believe
cheating is wrong. and both agree
that while some students may feel the
some way. they still cheat because of
parental pressures. the push to enter
a quality grad school, self-esteem or
convenience.

Henry put it well: “Something is
causing people to cheat. Stopping
that will stop the cheating."

Alter long bus rides and lobbying. students rally on the Capitol steps domantlng ddlo New York.

Asthe students left the ofﬁce. Lent
checrily said. “I hope you enjoyed
your trip to Washington." thus reaf-
ﬁrming the notion that Lent had
taken the SASU argument as
seriously as he takes any school ﬁeld
trip. “He knows none of us voted for
him anyway.“ one student said.
impish." rcplicd another. “he didn‘t
as an yotcs to '1 ."
mfiii    ti red group of
lobbié‘rs begantogeassembh on the
west steps of the Capitol. Police set
up blockades in preparation for the
expected speakers. Shirley
Chisholm. Bella Abzug and Hubert
Humphrey.

A dozen crew-cuttcd track team
members jogged across the Capitol
steps to give the students a ﬂeeting
moment of entertainment. The
"Jesus" man had left by now and it
was beginning to get cold. The
students from Purchase seemed to be
the only ones left to have a little bit of
activist energy left. They marched
around chanting. “default is your

fault“ and “We want a J-O-B so we
can E-A-T." Meanwhile the
socialists used the opportunity to
peddle their newspapers.

The rally began. Congressman
Peyser. from Westchestcr. started
off the speaking by praising the
SASU students. Hctold thcstudcnts
that he was on his way now to meet
with I’rcsideht Ford and the entire
New York delegation.to discuss the
City‘s plight. “Weneed the help in
the White House. if we don't get it
we‘re going to vote the bill anyway,"
he said.

New York State Senator Jacob
Javils spoke next saying, “. . . Two of
the greatest things New York ever
did was free tuition and open ad-
missions . . . I'll fight for you tooth
and nail.“

National Student Lobby
Representative Joyce Fnrrow and
SASU President Robert Kirkpatrick
both spoke out on the devastating
effects that a default would have on
the state‘s education. “Education is

W.

Senator Jacob Javita proclaimslrae tuition and open admissiona"lwo
oi the greatest things New York ever do."

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

not one of the essential services listed
by Ford." said Kirkpatrick. “that‘s
why we‘re here!"

It was getting late and it was an-
nounced that Abzug and Chisholm
sent their apologies for not being
able to attend. as they had to go
speak to the President.

At that point students among the
crowd shouted to their fellow
students that we shoulddggo to the
White House." thn the students
had not quieted down in ten minutes
a lawyer addressed the speakers war-
ning them that once they left the
Capitol steps they were under D.C.
Police Chief “Smiley's” jurisdiction
and that he would gladly arrest “all
I200 of you," as he has been known
to arrest “a crowd of |2.000." That
pretty much changed the students‘
minds but they were soon distracted
as Shirley Chisholm headed down
the steps to address the wildly
applauding crowd. “Educationisthe
key to everything.“ she said, “. . . yet
ill this hour. . . we find that educa-
tion is not even included in the list of
things that the federal government
would take care of. should the city
default.“

Abzug Speaks

A few speakers lutcr Bella Abzug.
complete with hat. took the
megaphone. “The President has
attempted to use New York today as
a scapegoat for his failures.“ she
said. Abzug pleaded for the students
to become more politically active.
She pointed out that Congress wns
beginning to shape up.thcrc are now
l9 women in the House. "We have
no women in the Senate. and u slug
Senutc means a stag notion." she
said. und laughed.

At nbout 5 p.m.. convinced that
Humphrey was not going to show
up. the students began to get buck on
their buses for the long ride home.
The SUNYA students fccling more
dead thun nllvc curled up in their
seats longing to be home where white
columns are not holding up halls of
justice, merely the Campus Center.
Only Central Council Chairperson
David Coync had other ideas and
decided to keep us all awuke bysing~
ing show tunes at the top of his very
out of tune lungs.

At l:30 we crawled out of the
buses. SUNYA had never looked so
good.

pads THREE

 

s... We

