3 "VJ; 5:.
I). . 

'3.

\.A. .w

J»),- 1.... .. ,..

my“. m

“a ._ - ._..

 

.—.--- MW

wx/nw-‘CACA 4mm“ \

 

 

..../--,t-~r w\.< ,

— a —zx“-u'“‘§ n

,. gqut‘v-q-V‘mt'uwsﬂ. _ . as. u.-

Kurt’s Big Brother:

Voyeur of the Weathering Heights

by Daniel Gaines

y only brother, eight years
m older than i," writes popular

novelist Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "is
a successiul scientist. His special lield
is physics as it relates to clouds. His
name is Bernard, and he is tunnier
than i am. 1 remember a letter he wrote
alter his iirst child, Peter, was born and
brought home. 'Here i am,’ that letter
began, ‘cleaning shit ott oi practically
everything."

Since Kurt Vonnegut wrote that in
the introduction to his iirst collection oi
short pieces, Welcome to the Monkey
House, Dr. Bernard Vonnegut's son
Peter began working in SUNYA's
library. Peter’s lather has been a senior
researcher at SUN YA's Atmospheric
Science Hesearch Center since 196'],
and also teaches some courses.

Bernard looks very much like his
younger brother. He is thin, oi slightly
less than average height and walks in-

tensely, as it he is thinking hard while
getting somewhere last.

Bernard's ollice is cluttered with
wires, vices, boxes, papers, a projector,
meters and other instruments. On the
walls are pictures ot tornadoes, one ot
Bernard's primary interests, and a
stunning color photo ot a solar eclipse.
A iew amateur drawings ot tornadoes
are also stuck to the wall. Bernard asks
witnesses to draw them. A short walk
about the third iloor ot the Earth
Science building on SUNYA’s main
campus reveals that no other protessor
or researcher in the vicinity works
amidst such disorder.

But Bernard is busy, and the dis-
order in the world is one oi his con-
cerns.

"All ot a sudden we are putting peo-
ple on wheels, building highways,
placing ‘l'V's in houses and letting kids
watch it tor live hours a day...we‘ll tind
out later what all this does."

 

Above: Author Kurt Vonnegut. Below: Benard Vonnegut contemplates
weather lrom the Podium root.

"'l'he discovery ol X-rays was very
exciting," explains Bernard, “years
later people died lrom exposure. We
don't know everything about
everything. there are an increasingly
large number ot questions but only a
slowly growing supply oi answers,"
Bernard points out. "it's worth saying,"
he goes on, "that the amount ot tinker-
ing we've done ,on the weather...is
making enormous changes in the
physical properties oi the at
mosphere." Bernard cites an example
recently brought to his attention:
Krypton-BS is released trom nuclear
power plants, and alter lilty years may
increase the conductivity at the at-
mosphere. 'l'he ellect that would have
on weather, especially lightning is
unknown. But it is still released.

Bernard Vonnegut is an expert in at-
mospheric electricity. His work in this
area can be divided into three areas:
tornadoes, lightning and nucleation. A
sign hangs in his ollice describing,
"the Development oi an ldea, or what
every research man knows." Bernard

UNIVERSITY
FORUM

-Host of "Firing Line"

-One of the nation's
leading conservatives

-Founder of
National Review

 

  
E alimony

*  ballroom
l 83© pm

FREE With Tax

compares nucleation ot matter to the
development ot an idea.

"it's weak at iirst, gainsa bit but looks
bad. Hope is almost lost and then one
small part becomes a real kernel oi
success, and that etlect just takes over
. . . the idea is accepted," t‘orming ice
is an example. Explains Bernard, it
you cool water slowly, it Will Irooze
below zero degrees ice-ii-
tigradeJ."'l'hen, at some point one
single crystal oi ice will torm and
directly alterwarcts the water Will
become ice. A piece ol ice thrown in
beiore that point would have the same
eitect.

Bernard worked on Project Crisis,
developing silver iodide lor cloud
seeding (artiticial rain) while at
General blectric in Schenectady alter
World War two. He has continued
research with the help oi histraining as
a physical Chemist.

For the past tew years Bernard has
worked at improving artilicial
nucleating agents. "We have a

continued on page twenty—one

 
    
  
 
 
      
   

SPEAKERS

   

      
   
       

$.50 w/rr

 

PAGE FOUR

ASPECTS

OCTOBER

 

 

 

_‘

 

 

Chuck Schumer:
H Young Workhorse

by Neil Kenduck
t is one at those cloudless,
I blustery winter mornings in
downtown Albany where the
wind is as sharp as the sun's glare. 'l'he
view, however, lromthe sixthtloorwin-
dow ol Assemblyman Charles B.
Schumer in the Legislative Oliice
Building barely gives an impression oi
the violent gusts that whip helpless
pieces ot stray paper through the
gutters and intimidate chilled
pedestrians. it is comiorting to recline
in the pleasantly heated room and
gaze at the cold outside world through
the thickly tempered, spoilessly clean
window; a comiort that this energetic
lreshman legislator rarely linds time to
appreciate. For in his mind, a two-year
term is too briel, and not one minute ol
it could be given to irivolous recrea-
tion.

The scarce‘time spent in his ollice-
iree time between committee and study
group meetings, and chamber
sessioneiswith his stall. 'l'he slashing 0i
a typewriter, interrupted by lreguent
phone ringing are the only sounds. A
stall member sits at a desk and thumbs
through one 0t Chuck Schumer's latest
bills. The sound oi approaching
lootsteps can be heard lrom the cor-
ridor, through the open doorway. They
are heavy but quick-paced. The
secretary and stall worker glance at
each other then look toward the
doorway with similar expectation.
Chuck Schumer, a slim six-tooter, with
sandy brown, almost kinky hair, rushes
into the middle ot the ollice. He wears a
Wall Street executive style gray suit, a
blue shirt, and apaisley print tie. His
lace has a boyish glow. A striking
hyperactive demeanor lills the ollice
with electricity.

"How are things going around
here?" he asks, looking at the secretary
and his aide with an optimistic smile.

Deeply woven carpet, vinyl wall
paper, and walnut toned wood
cabinets embellish the ollice, but tail to
compensate tor the emptiness that
usually distinguishes a ireshman's ot-
tice trom all others. Unlike those ol the
senior members, Chuck Schumer's ot-
lice lacks such elements ot decor as
laminated plaques, statuettes and pai-
ntings rellecting his ethnic
background or the character ol his dis-
trict, book shelves crammed with
(usually dust covered and untouched)
thickly bound volumes, and hand-
somely tramed portraits oi personal
political heroes. His walls are bare, ex-
cept tor two simple paintings lacing
one another trom opposite ends oi the
room. One is a hazy colored sketch oi
the Brooklyn Bridge with the Manhat-
tan skyline in the background,
(seemingly appropriate in that he
represents a district in Brooklyn). The
other painting, however, depicts a roll-
ing countryside in loud pastel shades
ot Autumn. The contrast, much likethe
rest ot the room's relative blandness
seem too obvious to go unrecognized-
except, ot course, by Chuck Schumer,

who spends much ot his time racing
through the Capitol and Legislative Ot-
tice Buildings, pushing his programs
by meeting, debating and com-
promising with the powertul political
tigures in state government.

What the ollice lacksin stylishness, it
easily makes up tor in substance. File
cabinets which were empty at the

OCIOBER

beginning oi the session had .been
tilled within two months with Schumer
bills, memoranda, and legislative inlor-
mation. Numerous stacks oi research
material, constituent bulletins and
letters, and propoeals cover the desk
tops oi the Assemblyman and his stall.
'l'hey never seem to disappear. Alter
they are mailed or liled, more piles
replace them the lollowing week. 'l'his
mass oi paper work appears to be the
extent ot Schumer's contribution to the
interior lashion.

"l've got a lot at ground to cover and
l'd like you to come along," Schumer
says to his volunteer stall worker, who
nods beiore Schumer linishes his
sentence. it is the young legislator's
personal policy to expose his
stailmembers to the mechanics, and to

New York state med schools and
hospitals to receive their clinical train-
ing. Meanwhile, the city hospitals are
titled with loreign internees who can’t
read or speak English tiuently. Why do
ioreigners have precedent over state
residents? The answer, I think, doctor,
is in the discriminatory tests given by
your Board to state residents who are
returning home lrom loreign medical
schools."

His voice increases in volume with
each stated point. Seven years at Har-
vard tailed to erase completely a slight
Brooklyn accent that appears when he
speaks in an excited tone. His
language is intense, but like his entire
personality, straighitorward. He pulls
no punches. 'l'he lvy beague degree
and early success have not appeared
to make him prelentiously alooi, (his
constituents in Brooklyn, a basically
middle class neighborhood, would
never support him as strongly as they
do). When he leaves the Capitol on
Wednesdays, he does not return home
to a big Wall Street law iirm, although
he easily could. He spends the

 

 

His language is intense, but like his entire personality,
straightforward. He pulls no punches.

 

\

 

the tormal and inlormal rules oi the
Assembly, so they can better assist him
in research and bill dratting, and oc-
casionally play the role oi devil's ad-
vocate. The two men quickly start tor
the hallway as the secretary shouts in
the tone ol a nagging wile, reminding
her absent—minded husband to put out
the garbage beiore going to work,
"Hemember to get in touch with the
district ollice'l'ODAY!"
Unlike the typical

Albany only two months and has
already established himseli as a young
workhorse and an ellective politician
in the eyes oi his lellow Assemblymen.
He realizes that as a lreshman, he
could easily be swallowed up by the
senior members, who control the
Assembly and its committees, it he
remains passive. As opposed to most
lreshman, he doesn't need to devote
his iirst year to "learning the ropes" ol
the system. Alter graduating trom Har»
vard Law School, he spent an entire
year as a stall worker tor his
predecessor, Steven Solarztnow a US.
Congressman). This experience at-
torded him political tact, an understan-
ding ot the Capitol's power structure
and its loopholes, an intimate lamiliariv
ty with most oi the political heavies. He
took ollice with a mind titled with
progressive ideas, a leeling ot
resourcelulness, and with contidence
that he could make headway by com-
bining the two with hard work.

He rarely shies away lrom display-
ing his independence and
aggressiveness.At a closed session
meeting with a powerlul Senator trom
his party, Schumer grills the usually
untouchable Executive Secretary oi
the State Board ol Medical Examiners
with questions which are usually
buried out oi appreciation tor the
guest administrator's appearance and
respect tor his dignilied title. It is this
sort oi inlormal rules ot conduct which
guarantees these meetings to be very
cordial and unproductive, and which
tnluriates Schumer whotakes nopains
to express his criticism.

"Something has to be done. Parents
in my district want to know why their
sons, who are New York state residents,
and who have graduated lrom a
loreign medical school, can't get into

lreshman ,
Assemblyman, Schumer has been in '

remainder ol the week in his district oi—
lice and on the streets and subway
platlorms, absorbing the views ol his
constituents. lt is this natural, down-to-
earth manner that won him the
nomination and election alter only one
year out oi law school, at the age ol
twenty-tour.

Words ot healthy criticism do not
seem to lultill his objective. Several
weeks lollowing the meeting, Chuck
Schumer will have held a teleyised
news conterence with a group oi tour
New York state students lrom ioreign
medical schools that will have brought
the issue to the public's attention and
will have inturiated the Board ad-
ministrator whil trustrating his passive
party colleague.

As the two walk through the halls ol
the Legislative Oitice Building, the
aide linds it diilicult to keep up with the
walking race stride ol the hurried
Assemblyman, and tells a step behind
him. Schumer tails to notice the tag as
they approach the hearing room
where the Democratic caucus session
is held. A security guard stopsthem at
the entrance. "No stall workers or
anyone except Assemblymen per-
!mitted inside", he says in a monotoned
ivoice. Schumer, winking slyly at his
aide, turns to the guard and says
authoritatively, "'l'his is a special stall
member ot mine. It's imperative that
he attends this meeting with me." The
guard pauses, shuts his eyes and nods.
"You're now illegal", Schumer joking-
ly cautions the aide.

Because Schumer was tied up at the
meeting with the administrator trom
the Board ot Medical Examiners, the
caucus meeting is almost at a close
when he arrives. the meeting is an in-
lormal gathering where discussions ol
party strategies, issues, and the
legislative calendar compete with the-
disturbing buzz oi small talk and oc-
casional laughter. A huge mahogany
oval table is on the iloor at the'tront ol
the room. Behind the table, a dozen
chairs in a row are tilted by the
Speaker, Majority Leader, and other
ranking members oi the party. 'l'hese
men control the discussions and
recognize the other tAssemblymen,‘

who sit lacing them in deeply up-‘

bolstered theatre-type seats. The
meetings this year have been more

ASPECTS

stimulating than in the past because
the Democrats have taken control at
the Assembly. The party members
appear more optimistic about their
programs and more critical oi their
weaknesses than they had been when
they were the minority.

Schumer and his aide .seat
themselves in the back. A lhum ol
whispering tilts the room as Speaker
Stanley Steingut recognizes Harvey
Strelzin, a senior member irom
Brooklyn. He is a small, bald-headed
man with black’plastic lrame glasses
and slightly rounded shoulders. He is
perhaps most enthusiastic about the
Democrat's new and long awaited ma-
jority. He is mot notedtor sateguarding
the party’s reputation and integrity.
"We have waited a longtime. But now
we are in power. We can get things
done. Andl think that maybeit'stime to
begin to trim oii some at the lat. We
have a limited budget and we must put
it to its best use. Maybe we should
begin by being more lrugal with our
personal expenses," Stralzin exclaims
in a cracking voice.

"Harvey, Harvey, wait a iminute
Harvey," Speaker Steingui interiects in
a'booming voice in protest ol his

colleague's extreme illustration.
Hysteria breaks out. Sarcastic
protestations ol "Harveyl", "C'mon

Harvey!," and "Oh Geez, Harvey!" can
be heard above the vibration ot chat-
ting. Speaker Steingut's mouth is mov-
ing but he can't be heard in the rows ot
seats. He waves his hands, shakes his
head, shrugs incredulously, and then
motions Strelzin over. The
Assemblymen leave their seats to con«
gregate in the aisles. Laughter,

,backpatting, and small talk are ex-

hanges.

"Did you see that Boston game? No?
Yoi‘iﬁiﬁor‘i‘t kpownyhat you missedl"
boa'sts 'one' smiling legislator to
another.

"Heylohn, how was your weekend?"
an Assemblyman shouts out.

"Hey, l'll tell ya, l haven’t had a
weekend like that in years," the other
replies.

"Uh yeah? Does your wite know
about it?" another cuts in as they all
laugh out loud.

Chuck Schumer and his aide are
walking toward the exit when
Schumer stops a lriend ol his, an up-
state Assemblymen. "Hey, 1 like your
tie, sweetheart“, Schumer muses.

"it's the only onel have—you know,
trimming the lat oil the expense ac-
count," he says, mimicking the words
oi "the gadtly."

Non-Stop Work Day

Schumer and his aide walk briskly
through the marble corridor enroute to
the Capitol Building tor the day's
Assembly session. "You want to stop tor
lunch?" Schumer asks.

"Sure", says the aide. He needs a
rest. His leet ache and he's short oi
breath, but he won't show it because he
knot/vs that his boss has been running
non-stop since eight-thirty this mor-
ning. it is not twothirty, and Schumer
will be in the Capitol until the early
evening, perhaps later. They turn oll
trom the hallway and into a room tilled
with vending machines. 'l'he
Assemblyman produces a law coins
trom his pockets and slips them into a
pastry vending machine. Out drops a
package at miniature sugar powdered
doughnuts. 'l'hey decide to munch as
they walk. 'l'he two quickly continue at
their usual hurried pace, stuitingi whole,
doughnuts into their mouths as the
white powder tiles in the air and
sprinkles their jackets.

PAGE FIVE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

