Renaissance. above. at the Palace last Tuesday
night, and at for right. Jon Camp. their bassist.
Caravan. below, opened the show. but they were
plagued with sound system breakdowns as well as
pro-performance problems. At rlghl. Geoll
Richardson. their vlollnlst.

 

 

by David Lerner

They had bad sound equipment. their preliminary
group began a half hour late. and they played to only
I700 people. but the music which Renaissance produced
at the Palace transcended the mundane.

They were superb.

Deep beneath the Palace stage. Renaissance lay in
waiting. They had arrived in Albany from New York
only three and a half hours before at 4:00 pm. and now
they waited to commandcer the stage and begin their
concert.

The basement room they prepared themselves in wait
a model of poorly lit. groovy-an decor camp. 0n the
wall. a mural done with an amateur hand ruined the face
ol'Joni Mitchell. Nextto her. anothermurat ot'a woman
seated cross-legged on some grass. Along side Joni. it
trumpet spouting out the word "jazz." It was ugly.

In the center of the room. an eight foot long table
graced with cheeses. spreads. bread. and their
concommitant paraphernalia. A large box was
alongsidethc table. ﬁlled with cases of Budweiser. eight
bottles” of Blue Nun Liebrfraiimilch. one bottle of
Johnny Walker Black Label and dozens of cans ofCoke
and Ginger Ale.

In each musician‘s hand rested a plastic glass filled
with the Blue Nun. While they allwaited for Caravan to
show up. they supped their drink and chatted with
members of their roadcrcw.

in that dingy. grimy. slovcnly. mess they calla prep
room. the members of Renaissance walked around.
trying hard to keep their minds off the impending
performance. “One is always apprehensive," Mickey
Dunford. the group's song writer and acoustic guitarist
said. “worrying about how its going to go down.
Relaxing is really the thing. You can't really worry
about the musicianship. I mean. we've played it enough
times to know it. No. the things to worry about are the
sound systems."

Michael Dunford shufﬂed his feet a lot before the
perfomance. glancing around the room and twirling his
“glass.” "Might I offer you a drink?“ Jon Camp. the
bassist said. offering me an upopened can of Budweiser.
it was I'o‘ :oxl went well withadrythroat."Thanks."

g.--
PAC-3e." 4A

At left. Annie Helium. lead alnger
for Vﬁenalennoe. Above,
drummer Terry Sullivan looks on
at Jon Camp's been playing.
Mickey Dunlord write: most of
the group's music and plays
acoustic gutter at above right.
John Tout. at rlght.
Renaissance“: keyboard wizard.
performed on plano, moog.
mellotron and organ.

«lemon

The lifeless room has come to be a common sight to
the group. They have toured the United Stated three
times since December. playing in New York State each
time. Some ofthcmthriveonit. others yearnfor home.

Jon Camp and drummer Terrence Sullivan are
married. Sullivan adtwo children. They won‘tseetheir
family for seven chl‘titl. when they conclude the current
tour. Annie l' m. the lcitd voealist. has a boyfriend
back home as well. Forthein. the excitement ofthe tour
are weighed against the other variables.

Dunford. however. thrives. “I enjoy it. It‘s tiring. and
of course. it‘s not everybody‘s cup often. as we say. But
it's it whole different way of life."

John Tout the keyboard Wiltll'd said. “I much prefer
touring to sitting around. doing nothing or rehearsing."
Sullivan looked on in disbelief. "Well. actually." Tout
said."wc haven't done nothing in about tw0 years now.
We certainly haven‘t had a holiday for a least a year and
a half. Even after this tour we won't have a break until
Christmas. When we get home in December we go right
to work at the studio mixingthe new album. Hopefully
we have it break during Christmas."

 

“I much prefer touring

to sitting around,

doing nothing

or rehearelng.”

 

 

 

liven for him. touring has its lower moments. During
their first tour in I972. Renaissance played to a group of
l2 people at a place called tltc "Smiling Dog Saloon" in
Cleveland. Ohio;

“I never want to play in Cleveland again."he said. "Oh
don't write that down." They play in Cleveland in

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Coleman

No'vember. They' are also scheduled to pl:t_\ Ill
l’ottsdam. Westchestcr. New Jersey. and t‘onitccucitt
before heading out to the West Coast.

'l'out played with a small gold and ebony cigitrciu-
lighter during the hour and a half pru-[tcl‘ltulilltnt‘t’
period. With f'acinating care. he held his lingcn .iloti.
much like a surgeon after a pr-hlll‘glcfli uci‘ub
Whenever he would lift something. he would gingcrh
wrap his long. thin lingers around it. assure Innith that
his grip was true. and delicately ltCCtilIip|l\li ulna
needed to be done.

His meticulous precision extended to his cigari cllcs. .i
British brand which lie described as “Weak.” ltnihci
than tap the bottom ofthe pack to force it cigniciic to
the top and then pluck it out. he would sluikc i hm nth
proof box with his fingertips gripping the ctlgo iliili
the“ PinCh the tip with his other hand and donlt
remove it. The movement took less tltttii two seconds.
and it was an unconscious reflex.

By 9200 p.m. things. began to pick up tempo. thin-l)
noticeably. Sullivan began to play the drums of Ito
knee. deccnding into an oblivious trttticc. litiiiloitl
began to tune his acousting guitars. llitslitoi had long
Since diﬁitppcurcd. Camp paced thcrooin slowlt .u not.
then a little faster. lnthe room...out of the room hock
“twin. One of the road crcw came to [wit ill‘ “1"
"WSiCiunﬁ. affecting it French accent over ills iillll\il
one. There was no tension, just a quickcnctl pilL’t’ ol
light-“curled ﬂood-ntllurcdf'uiini fun that t‘ttlllt‘\ lioiii
bci"it on the road together six months t)lll oI lill.‘ \cni

At 9:20. Annie bounced into the rooitt. (‘iunp nus on
his feet in it blink. the look of mischievous l'ttck all om
ltis face. “Come on. come on. you know wc'ic onlt M
ten minutes.“ Duni'ord never budgcd. " lcii uiitiiitt's‘Y
Anyone want to tell a story?" Annie‘s cycs WL‘lL‘ .illw
Wi'i‘ lht‘ same. “Blimey. all We got to do in In Pl“ "W
dress on, or haven't you noticed I've already dom- lllL'
face up."

"N0." Camp came back. “it looks the hitlllt‘
“Willis docs." Annie bounced right back oitt iliii'm‘ "C‘
head cocked back trailing behind her in anothci look i“
the men.

.I‘ ll

Camp. Dunford. Tout and Sullivan started sctii'i‘y'"?
_____/

 

now. With eight minutes before Caravan was due to
wrap it up. the four men decided it was about mm- to
change into their costumes. Annie caitght them all with
their pants down. "Wow." Camp did a slow pirlioucttc
for his lead singer. “You like?“ She laughed.

“We ncvcr rehearse before it show." Tom said. “We
just play around with the guitars." S o mew he re
between putting his pants on and tying his shoes. he
added. "We did all that before you got here."

"Don‘t you ever get bored with all this. Do you feel
anything before you go on the stage?“ “Oh no." said
Dunl'ord. "If it ever became routine." foot said. “we‘d
alljust pack it in. We're never satisfied. We never do it
right." “Speak for yourself." Camp chimed in. And
then. as he was leaving for the stage he called back.
“Remember. it‘s not our fault. Wlititcver goes wrong.
it‘s not our fault.“

Aitd suddenly. they were on stage.

Four men and one woman. who minutes before wore
jeans and workshirts. telling me thitt “I like to have
people around. My sister comes to rehearsals. and of
course Mums and Dads ttrctliere at the shows." were on
stage giving l700 ecstatic fans ti royal show for the
doitgli.

()nly minutes before. 'lout was telling me that lie
ncvcr listens to his own music during his free time.
Now he was producing it before itn cnthriillcd audience.
Dttnl'ord likes the Moody lllues. Yes. and Emerson.
Lake and Palmer. But his audience Wits there to ilcllr
Renaissance. ttnd with obvious delight. they all obliged.

'l‘out had said that he and the group can‘t wait until
they have enough time to really learn their instruments.
to study and perfect their talents. The audience found
no fault with their talent iii its present form.

As i he time drew closer, ’l‘out‘s words came oitt faster.
"1 took classical piano study for eight years. Well. it
Wasn‘t really st tidy. it was really piano lcssions. wuhthis
old teacher. She was rcttlly strict and set in her ways. We
did all this out-of-tltc-way sttill'liltc‘l'lic Mermaid sings,
to the sea, when I wanted to do llitcli and Beethoven.
She was old." I

The music he played on stage was out-ol-thc-way to
no Ono's ears. They played their best. and it sounded

line. With their standard opening. “Can you
U ndcrstand." ('l'out had said cn‘rlier that it was the only
song that secmcd to work as an opener) the audience
was swimming.

Mellow. The music hipped and played around the
head. l’liiyt'ully swirling and turning around the ltcad.
the only feeling was mellow. Annie‘s voice was its fine
and as crisp as it littd ever been. depite a third ettr
operation its ii result of which she cttnjust now begin to
hear otit of her left ear. .lon Camp‘s bass was driving.
John ’I out‘s vcwatility on the keyboards was
astounding.

 

“I'm never satisfied.
but I guess

it was all right."

 

Witliotit the aid of tin orchestra Renaissance
performed their ultimate crowd-pleaser. the entire song
of Scherhcrttziidc. and Tout's keybottds itnd
synthesizers were called on to fill the gap.

He did.

llie group played hard. Mickey broke two strings on
one gtiititr. and Terry Sullivan broke a stick. llut with
the energy came power. their set was powerful. And
Mellow. it was always mellow.

“Mother Russia" htid the audience on its feet.
“Selierherarade” bad it jumping. “Ashes tire Burning."
the encore put the audienccin Renaissance‘s pocket. it
was theirs. lock. stock and btirrel.

Through it all. the group seemed gciiiuncly thrilled by
their reception. it was no greater nor less than they
received in Juncitt Carnegie Hall. orin December at the
Academy of Music

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

mm“ eel-inert

After the concert. Dunford would say. perhaps
gratuitously. n'Iltc audience was rcailyoverwhelming.
l'hey wcrc so warm. so friendly. Even over that
blasted orchestra pit."

Ilicir show lasted two hours. Shecr enjoyment. The
sound washes over t he audience like it hitppytide. Not
llttppy like the optimism of the Moody
liltics.btit a serene happiiicssthat invades the body and
renders it immobile.

Within the group. members played games with each
other. Camp and Sullivan made faces. Annie laughed.
Mickey smiled. .lolin font was absorbed in his
keyboards. httt managed it few quick glances at the rest.
Camp itnd Sullivan kept making faces. It was
woudcrlul. they had fun. It wasa contagious motion.

When it was it“ over. Renaissance was tired. Very
tired. lliit tltc spark in their eyes had not gone. They
were out of breath. exhausted. anxious to hit the
l'hruwny and return to their hotel rooms in New York.
and they were not satisfied with the show.

“How are you . Mickey?" “Not good." “Not good?"
“We‘re very tired." “How did you. like the show?" “it
was OK. the sound was pretty bad.“ “Are you satisfied
with how you played?" "I'm never satisfied. But Iguess
it was all right."

Jon Camp was less pleased. “I knew. after we left the
stage. before the cncorc. that something was wrong. the
sound. and it‘s not good doing an encore when you
know something is wrong."

With seven weeks ahead of them. without their
families of friends. the loneliness of a successful group
becomes painfully obvious. “I miss my wife." Jon Camp
said. "and she misses rue." Nodding toward Terry
Sullivan. he said. “We're trying to forget about it." It
simply costs to much to have them come over.

Using poor judgment. I reminded Mickey that they
had used snatches of tape during Schcrherazade. He
had said that John 'l‘otit would by playing all the
orclicstrial parts himself. “Come on.“ Camp said with
noticeable irritation. “ We used about two snatches of
tape ttnd we played with them....We're only human. You
may think we‘re superhuman. but we're only human.

believe me." j

PAGE 5A

 

 

