- Vt
_.tnila  these day

e’w martyr". grades. » , ~ ’ *

Across the country, a high grade
glut'has' spread. At many schools, the
normal 'beil curve distribution has
been jarred out of whack as B has
replaced C as, the average grade.

At Yale, almost half of the
undergraduate spring term grades
were A's. And at Stanford University
the average grade point accumulation
has spiralled to 3.4. In the last ten
years, the University of North Carolina
has doubled the percentage of A’s it
handed out.

"A few years ago, a C would put you
in the middle," said Douglas Hobbes, a
political science professor at UCLA.
"Today it puts you in the bottom third of
the class."

A number of educators have voiced
concern over grade inflation—and the
resulting devaluation. Graduate
school officials, they have warned,
have begun resorting to elitism in their
selections: better a Princeton A, they
reason, than an equal mark from a less
familiar school.

Grade gmbbing has been cited as a
,prime factor behind the soaring

grades. The tumultuous 60’s are over
and students are again hitting the
books. With the depressed tab market
and the increased number of
undergraduates, competition has
toughened for graduate school
admission, particularly to medical and
law schools.

In a broader sense, students may be
grasping for grades as a token of their I

,own worth. "A ‘B’ is saying to students

that they're only "B" persons," one
Stanford University professor said.

In any case. competition has
become the name of the game. "It's
moved beyond mere grades," Ierome
Kagen, a Harvard psychologist, said of
the phenomenon in a recent New York
Times report. “It’s moved to a point
where the anxiety and the concern is
unrealistic, and it's approaching a
phobia on the part of the students. it
has the characteristic of a small

neurosis." V

If students are afflicted with a grade
neurosis, the disease is rooted within
the academic grading system, some
observers believe. .

"Students have been taught since
grade school that good grades are
where it's at," says one professor at
University of Wisconsin-Madison.
“How can they be expected to dismiss
this idea when they reach college?"

The Preface, student newspaper of

Indiana University at South Bend'

offered this analysis: "Professors...tell
students at the beginning of class that
learning is more important than
grades. Most students are not
influenced by this argument. They
have already been convinced that
grades are important, often more
important than learning."

Back in the 60's, however, anti»
grade fever hit academia, resulting in

what is: believed .to  the second

major cause oftnflhted grades: non-
punitive grading procedures.

Many professors gave high grades
then to help students avoid the draft.
Dissatisfaction With traditional
marking spread, pass-fail options
came into vague and some schools
completely eliminated failing grades.

At many other schools, the effects of
D's and F's were minimized by
extended time periods for class
withdrawals. Students who were in
danger of failing a course could simply
drop it, often late into the semester, and
excape a low grade. -

Explained Pittsburgh University
Dean Robert Marshall: “We've gotten
away from the old concept that people
should be required to jump through
hoops."

But the gradual extinction of failing
grades has been termed "ludicrous"
by at least one professor. “There is this
idea going around that any grade
other than an A has to be explained by
the professor," complained Stanford
history professor David Kennedy.

"It's gone too far," said Kennedy.
'The whole purpose of grades is being
destroyed."

In such an event, not everyone
would be disappointed.

 

From Pointer
to Pointless

by Stew Bellus

Have you ever heard stories about
what elementary school classrooms
used to be like? The rap of a pointer
overthe head of a misbehaved student.

Machine-like inputs of information
into children motivated by fear.
Learning facts that could only be
useful for earning money on "The
Sixty-FourThousand DollarQuestion".

it was bad, and by the end of World

War if the intellectual sayiors of our
nation decreed that drastic chaner:
had to be made,

As a seventh grade student teacher
at Bethlehem Middle School last
semester, l have had thrv opportunity
to coiiipa re ecluttaiion today With both
the l‘(.:£JllTlelllctllDlt of daysgone by, and
the experimental period of my fairly
recent )uriior high school days. it has
only taken eight weeks of teaching to
reach this conclumon: There are many

ways to be ineffective, and educators
are searching for and utilizing every
one of them.

it is true that classrooms have
become lessof a drudgery for students
Thevariely ofmatenalsavailablehave
made learning “fun”, andﬁ‘relevant",
and "thought provoking". Filinsli'ips,
mowers, and records have taken some
of lllt.’ "awn out of the ftttliOOl day.

But there has to ho SLJIllQlllllth wrong
wrtli leaching
p roduce so ""rnaiiy
unskilled cliildi'riiii

pliilomu‘iliies tlial

unaware and
Brawn-riff. rii'adr-i‘s;
Willi fourth and llllli Lllilfll‘ ltfit’lltlij
levels, and sliirlr-ziilra‘wlio have llTitllrlt‘
spoiling Words iitllfll 'lli 'liiilians'
"false", “baked”, and lust illitltll
anything other lliaii llii.-ii' [irilii-‘t‘i, an.-
indir'ators of how poorly our :iyfilt‘lfl wt
t’tflltfrillOitlfilttliiffiulllllii Stillttrllllllfll‘i
ainiss when you ask Wlli'l'tt Ania ii: aid
a student pi‘iiiilit in .in island off ill'

/
/

MS WQEMD
ELMng MOST OF IT'

lS IRRELEVANT

 

coast of Florida called Cuba—and a
quarter of the class agrees!

Up until now, my experiences have
been limited to teaching in Delmar,
New York, an upper-middle class
suburb of Albany. The school has very
few discipline problems, and the
adiiiinisli'ation seems efficient,
Bill-JilflVG‘, and Vi-i'y responsch to the
parents in llli'.‘ i‘illllllltll'llly. The faculty
is intelligent and yr )LlllllLlll‘] energetic.
lii genoial, llll: school has a
fulfillllitrtlil'] rfva ('(iliCUI'H for each
and every student enrolled if
lllitliltlll'ffl :tlll it an tliosi- lli‘:llllf\lli"l
exist in it: whit is happening in
ll(:]‘lt:.i'~"‘l illl'ttti')

My t‘t)lik'l‘l'lt i1; iiicllii'irlology 'l‘lii;
lttkllii] of litllt'ii is; » fton diiii'oriairlnd in
favwi' of it"i‘
[minority and lt-wturc" liayv lunruiiir;

l'llliCtlSSluli. limit:

(il‘lii't'lillli‘fi .iii.t flit:- WUlfl failuin 113
an illlitffltl'iililtilii drank-if, llw. w.-
lui'lllllltlll'l? anti li‘l'lllﬁi Won» luv-r iwrl
Eittliriflfllli'l' for l-Hltflllllil lu.. it
Illfil't‘tJllltl nit-thme ll'lllll llll’ rural
coiiiplntwly is to lilll()l’t..' lllt.‘ fact that
past l](‘ll4'litlllillfi did learn SUTllt'fllllli’]
tll :Eiilttiiil

Yes, if is more onioyahle lC)l'('lllltll'l.tll
when a leaclioi' 3115 on top of ill}; dusk
and throws opon discusstoiiii. There is
a definite value in letting youngsters
reach Coiiclustoiis by analyzing and
evaluzliiig information aloud. But
students today do not receive the
factual foundations necessary in tho
fashioning of logical opinions. it's like
making chemical compounds without
the chemicals.

Developing skills and powers of
reason involves work, a word lliat has
taken on an incroasingly repulsive
meaning to schoolchildren l‘ lill’rift a
certain amount of rnernr...:. 'r r v .
iohasliiiig of information to it
anything. An educator whom
purpose is golfing children ll) talk l.

misdirected if the child can't read or
write.

Arguing concepts such a whether or
not the [Mountain revolution was
ccoi’ioinic or ideological in nature is
senseless if slu(lciil5ili,>ii'l realize when
the revolt OCCUI'ULl, who! the world was
like at the limo. who Won: the pl‘lllclplt.‘
ll-jlll‘t‘:i involved, when: all the nations
invitind wnio gongraphically located,
and otlioi .siui'li “factual” iiifoi'iiiafioii.

You Would not iii;lit.l a twelve yo-ai‘
-/lil out to live lJY litlllf‘u’.‘ll lw'riiisw ll'
lai‘ks illi: lllillllilly to inalir- imimriialilw
illi'l‘ililllvt.)lll1l.'.rik’ll. l‘llt‘Sdlllltlllll' i'-,
ill)[lll‘::'t lll fllt' classroom i‘iltlil-‘tiln
iiiu:‘.t ln 'lll'tiljltz'Ll ill a slioiitioi lllrllllltrl'
lit-ill liil.i recently l)t:(':ll displayed Uftl:
llllllJll’lllfi, tiseiiiovmsaisii-numr‘clsand
uni- ifltil'll‘ttiltilll'i ’uiit linloi‘i: you start
llllllllllli] i‘iiiiiriipl53, loi'r'o itiiliil: of that
wf«l f‘l.illli llll 'il lint iV.’ll:tl(]l- iliku llii:ii

ti 'illi'lillli tlii'oiiia.

SCHOOL ZONE

WATCH OUT

 

 

 

 

 

TORCHILWEN

 

 

 

PAGE 8?

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FEBRUARY 11, 1975

letters
Food for Thought

To the Editor:

In the article on FSA in Tuesday‘s ASP
(Feb. 4) l was in no way advocating a board
mic increase. The current economic situation
clearly effects students to a degree greater than
other segments of society. During the course
of the interview relating to FSA I was only
attempting to state the reasons why it hozird
rate increase may have to be considered. A
l-‘SA sub—committee consisting of three
studsnts(Rnbcrtu Hiirwitt. Wiiync Printi. l’ui
Cumin). one administrator and one faculty
number is currently investigating thc huiird
mic question. This committee will look ill
financial projections forvncxt ycur. If they find
ilini with increasing costs und infliiiion l-SA
ciiiinot gcncnttc sufficient income. lltL'l‘L‘ is dis
possibility tliut they will suggest lo the l-SA ll
hnurd rnic incrcusc. Below un: tiicis lllitl will
hopefully help clarify thi: financial sittiutinn of
PSA. (Cupicsof' FSA l'itiiiiicuil Stillclllt‘lllh tire
on file in the SA office.)

I. FSA stif'f'ci'cd the initiating limcs:
I‘l7tl-7I S338.flflfl. [971-72 3203.000.

2. In Muyof l972ilicdii'uctnrol l‘S.‘\\\;l\
i‘clictcd of his duties iiiid UXPUHSCS \wi'u L'lll
llltlhllCitll)’. l'hc corpiiriiiioii inst SIMS lll
I‘l72-J.

J. Lust ycui' l’SA >llti\\t.'tl u pi'nfii nl
M41000. This pi'olii “cm in piii'iiully pu_\ iitl
debts of previous years.

4. Thu expected profits for this your are
approximately $60300. At the cnd of this ycui
l-SA \\ ill still hi: 5 l 80-20(Ltttillin debt. fiiucrcsi
is being puid on this muncyi.

5. Meal contract money pity.‘ loi lllCiil\
iiiid docs not "make up for" iiuxiliui‘y witiccs
lllhhlih. l‘or cxumplc it check rushing illltl lllL'

bai'hcrship \\'t.'l‘L' closed. ihc innncy Mitctl innit
______________(~__'___7 __,_

Coffegium:

their losses would equal only about five-tenths
of one percent of the revenue generated from
meat contracts.

6. FSA needs money to pay off its loans
rind build up it minimal surplus so that its
$2,000.000 of equipment can be replaced as is
necessary.

7. Part of the money FSA inach goes
brick to students. Lust your FSA gave over
$l00.000 to student programs, (i.c.. Mohawk
Campus. Commencement receptions. etc.).

it. If the entire FSA goes bankrupt. the
static would lcusc out Food Service. Students
would not be assured of rcprcscntutian in this
setup. Student prngrums would be eliminated,
as rill money that the slate mudc would go
back to the suns.

9. Fund price‘ 'irc up It) to 15 percent.
lnl'liii'inn iil'fccls SA uswcllus everyone else.

Certainly it tough l‘iniiiiciul situation exists.
The bnurd rutc qticsiion is now in the hands of
the l-SA sub—committee. Hopefully they will
not find it Necessary to rccummcnd ii board
rillL‘ iiiticusu.

llowic Liriissmun

Run-A-Round

'l'n lllt‘ l‘lililor:
In Mr li'i'uiiti'iu'.

\\ .i liil'lllt'l‘ hilltlclll of St.i.\‘\ iii Albany.
and our- \ilin IN applying to liiii 3L‘ll0tll in
Si‘pit'iiihui. W75. it litl> been necessary for ms
in ahiain train you ill) llilllhcl‘lplh wihui they
could he tormirdcd in l'ilucriiinniil lusting
Sciticc if: t S). suiiimiii‘i/uil iiiid sent lU liiiv
\t'lioiils. l'iitiii'tiiiiuicly. my case .sccmcd lti
pim- iiii uxtriioi'dinui') (1’) pinhlcm. us my
uiiiiiii ycai \HIN\DClll :ihi'oiiil on ilu-SlWYA-
\tutli‘iil pi'ogiiiiii. llctucuu Votcnihcr itlltl
.liinuiii}. l Milli ihrcc lt‘ltL'i's in lllL‘ Registrar‘s
tilllct.’ uxpliciily lL‘L|llt‘\llllg my undergraduate
ll'ttllwl'lpl. I/ii/iii/iin.’ the ill“: from my year
“brand. l'ni sonic ciiiirclj. iiicuiiiprclu'iisihtc
icuxon. llll\ “up. iii:\cr dons. it With not tiiilil
lain uka Inn-i lllill l 18 intiii'muil lltt: thcv

We Need Your Help

by Robin Solomon, Collegium Coordinator

Riding on the SUNY ltlls nnu Monday morning. I goiciiinim
MIlllL‘llllL‘K lttlllllfllill

dull history lcctui'c. Miltlc ui'icy iiil-hiis uhniii

and the cost (if in iiig“ and lllill "mic lll;ll'\i,‘lt\li5pl'ttfcxsnl'\\ltti liliikL'Mltlh pl
lli.‘ ii'cuis me like it humun tit-lug." ‘\nd lillL‘l ill lllL‘ t'
|1l'ttlL'SMtl' hcmuiin him hoi'iiig lll\ lCL'flll'C cams
and hil)’ Millicllilllg i wouldn‘t liiiic in litclttt'L‘ \tll
inniiiiniiic‘s girlfriend sitting IlL'\l tn inc \iho \\

Iiinc to siiy unywtiy. unit it hasn‘t lit) tiiiili.‘
keep down the cost of loud. liiii \\llill \\|

“why do we got hliiiiicil iill llic iiiiic. iiiihnily iiiiiltisiiiiiilx.‘

lliii’i: hl‘cll lliut iiiiirtuliiiis pintcwi. llit\ iiig L‘ItlfUL‘ and some
I L‘iIL‘ll ailn-i. l'L'ilL'

only there \vcrusoiuc wiiy lllill ihuy could llk'd
vicw.

About ii ycui' iigo. through it liiL'tlll) \ilggCM

whcrc colleagues us it were. cn-inhuliii
exchange. The students had lllt‘

conferences. but those .NL'gIL'tltilL'tl uiiiix \\L'lL' lllhl that. ran
nn urgun iivuiliihlc through “lllCll ilittcicni pcnptu in i
\l ('alli'igiuni nltcrud \lli‘ll iin ttlL‘llit.

rim i'uiiilur at the xlSl’ lust scmcstcr must
I i from llihpll'tllltlll in

everyone; thus. the inccpuiin «

I wish I could sin lliui it find l1L‘t'lt\llt'CL'\\ltll.lllll
' i lliL’ ciliinriiil page. fills riipiil l'ill
iini iiliiiui nur cullch community that people iii'c
ikc iidi :iiiiugc of an opportunity to open chuiincls of
:ilicniiiud Illtli\lLllliilh slotted into group roles

tiuic llOlL'd it.» LlClllIbL‘ by its ttlt\L'llL'i.‘ ni
oblivion scams iii any smut-thing \ciy iinpnil
citlicr unnuui‘c. Iii/y. iii‘doii‘i kiioit trait in it

CUIllllltll‘ilCtlliOn lliut will try to flllll u muss ol otiun
nimunity.

enough in hclicvc that one measly wcckly
iis iliiii. hut CL‘l‘litllll)‘ initiating u few people to gut all
r ihun hitch that no om: listcns to them

into what should ideally hc ii incuningtiil to

No one. I should lltlthll in add would he llllI\L‘

column could do something as llil' reaching
their asses and cummunicuic httlll

:inywuy. could not lti.’ \iuwcd us less ihun ii step It I ' r V h
an issuc ihun cuinmunicuiinn; not only whiil you my. ui

uclicd. l halt-low:

'f‘u inc, there is no inarc iiiipiii'tiini
who you 5in ii to. not ithit)’h how we
such u vuluzihlc nicuiis of sharing ltlcllh pu
rciisun, it is the [Chpttltbtl‘tllll
stop complaining and submit an
fetid tluit sparks response of any kind. don't

Tell the clllll’t.‘ university community iiiiil ilcn
can't be run on communication without pcnp
mctiningt'ul cxchiiiigc 0f idcus wrtlinui people
is. than prutcssnr, .
liiii much it ticiiriiblc hccuusc lit: limits you like .
in ('ulfagiuni iii the AAI’ and use this

l’lcusc. somebody respond in tli
student on the bus. the lcucticri
Anybody. everybody send in wind
opportunity to cxchungc tdciiii.

FEBRUARY 11, 1975

:is uniiipliiiiiiiig lhiil
‘ ‘\lltl in CI lllL‘l’C lliiit l-SA pc
ih cicriiinc wanting 5n nun-h illlkl prices \thrii they itlL'.
I ' .‘\I1Ll lllL' out- in lllt: buck ihL-i‘c niusi
l\i|llttfi \iiili one of his students. ll
h midi iiillL‘l'. cxchiingc ptilllh at

ion. a column was st
.lllf.\ at .i miiiiiuiiiiiy.could participate in iiii iiiicllcciuul
.lSl‘. ilic tuculty hurt their fllL‘Cllllgh, lhc tldlltllilhll'itltttli. ihcir
tni’cciiiciiisnf sugrcgutinn. lhcrc Wits
litlcrcni rules could din-city ildtll'L‘Sh

c tll ilicir ldcilh i’uihc

it it is CM‘iL'ML'tl hiil mm’u. who ii hub is '
inui at business. liku so much clscui‘nund us. for this
:is fcll l'riisii‘iiicd by luck at CtHllllllllliCilllth in
each column thiii yiiii
l’tHllltllltllC. your wife or your l'iillici'.
d to you. A column
cniuiiiuiiicuic. there can't be ii
down illld With: those ideas.
that FSA cxccuiivc. President licnczct. the
it human being.

v at citCll PCI'MH] who it
- article It) ('n/Ii'giiuii. And in time. wuh
jllhl icll your
land lllill snmuonc clsc rcspiiii

\Vlli) an: willing in sit

you'd like in suy

uft l1tll."ll\llltlcullc\\titlltl rust i‘iiiscihcirhund
lltlt'll " '\fltl ii lllllhl lli|\L' liccii ihiii sniiicunc‘s
“tic nuwi‘ lisiciis in \iliiii l
I'Mtll i‘cully did \\illll in

1 lbs right direction,

It or issues to

Cd in hclu can anticipation of u
C'.\ lnw lilc. tlic"tiorldiini l‘SA
:ICL‘ hcu l‘lll‘tlt.‘ ltt‘ctltlsc
lllllpll.‘ ('cuici ('2itcicriu l ll\'Cl'llL'ill'tl it

until iii the 457’. ii pliicc

received no such tunic p Y
On January M I called tongdimnoe to your

ofﬁce. when i spoke with Ms. Nicoiei. She i

told .me that “Yes.” they had received my
letter: but "No." they hadn’t sent such I
breakdown for my year abroad. Although I
could not understand why this hadn’t been
done. I reiterated my request. Ms. Nicolet
assured me it Would be mailed out
immediately. A phone call to ETS a few days
later confirmed my fears—they had not
received such a breakdown. On January 20|
wns f0 rccd to place another longdistsnce all to
your office. I was informed that the
brcukdown had been mailed on January l7.
three days after I had miide my original phone
cull.

Tudlty. January-10. I called ETS to conﬁrm
receipt of the transcript that your office
allegedly muilcd on January l7. ITHAS NO'I'
BEEN RECEIVED. Immediately thereuftch
culled lhc chistrur‘s off ice. I was informed by
:in cmploycc that it bud been mulled on
January 2/! Total desperation at this "run
around" forced me to speak with the
supervisor. Kuthlccn Kisszinc. She informed
me the illmlriil fll't‘ﬂkdolt'll hiid been mailed
on Itllll' dil‘t‘ci‘cni occasions: November l9.
l)ccumhcr l3. .lunuiiry lit. and .lunuury 2t. ls
ii possible than such discrcpuncics in mailing
Linn-s cuii nccur‘.’ And uvcn more important. is
ii possible lllitl iii" the four times your office
claims to tune iiiiiilcd this breakdown. [Z'I'S
did not L‘\t.‘ll I‘CCL‘lYL‘ out"!

1 i'culi/c only ino \icll ihc work ltltllf the
Registrar‘s utt'icu is hurdcncd with. iind l
i'ucngni/c the fuel lliiit l uni not lllt: only
pci'snn lhc chisti'iir should be concerned
tlhttlll. liiii I also urn not literally person who
lltlh hcun ltlt'CL'd to suffer ui tlichuiids (if your
ltllill Lllhnl'gitilllilllllll rind disrcgurd for the
siurlcnt the people you iirc supposed to be
scning. Yus. we :irc rill anxious iibnui being
iidniiitcil in gruduutc schools. medical schools

' and tau schools. liiit muybc you could qiiull

httittL‘ at our :uixiciics‘und our uppurcntly wcll
tuiindcd fears by doing your job properly. 1
hiivc nctcr uncniinlcrcd such incompetence
and irrcsponsihiliiy in tltL‘ handling of
ucudcmic iitluii‘s. l uiii not iisking for special
ll’ctltlitcltt. but only the consideration and that
,tlIIL‘lllltlll thui liliink l. und hundreds ofoihcr

Registrar as q I
students. It islnol fulfilling  obllpt ns;
Instead. you may be respond
impairing this candidate's doom; and
hundreds of others. for admission to graduate
programs. dental and medical‘schools and law

schools. I‘d like to see the Registrar rectify .

that! At the very least. lbetteveyoii owe mun
explanation for all these inconsistencies. in
addition to informing me exactly who has this

junior year abroad breakdowntl

Elise Hsgouel

Faith in People. ,

To the Editor:

One Sunday last fall I awakened with it one
of the shivers and a painful right ankle. I
couldn't have guessed at the time that i would
be spending the rest of my semester (ﬁve
weeks) in Albany Medical Center.

Avoiding the details of my illness. I would
simply like to express my sincerest gratitude to
the friends who never let me get down in my
840 hours at Albany‘s least popular vacation
spot.

in .l.S.. 0.0.. li.C.. 5.8. Sr C.B.. A.K. &
P,li. ctr. S.A.. E.W.& F..D.tlovcyii), E.C..S.B.
& M.l.. 8L S.K. & P.l-f. & .t.E. (& Bum). D.P.
«it 5.0., LS. & S.F.. l. & L (from the IZth
floor). l).ll.. ILR. (iil'ius l.F.). l.F. & M.K. (8L
suite). 0.8., l).M.. 5 Quud. and everyone else
who hung in than: with me: thunks for the
time. the toys. tltL' cheer. and the curing.

li is truly overwhelming to know that our
pilsl inicmciinnscould have produced ihc love
you all showed me whcn 1 most needed it.

f can only pity you buck by continuing to
fulfill my purl of the love we all shurc.

(iiiry Fields

is for annuity '

 

 

The Albany Strident Press ri-i'vrvm
iln' .mlr rig/u In prim 0r t’r/i! Lt‘lft‘l‘.t‘ iu the
Editor. Submit lum'rx Iypt'ii'rillwi to CC
126 _/iir mnxi'rlvruiiu/i. Kt't’p Ihoxr cards

11an [alert ruining. jOI/t‘s.’

 

 

 

The Price of Meat and Potatoes:

Where Has All

the Protest Gene?

by Dim Scidel

lL’lL'\ ision is ii ltllll‘\’clOllh invention. You hit ii switch. lurn out the lighis. light upujoint. and
sii buck in :i conifnriiihlc old cusy chuir. Bingo! You‘re in funtusylund. You don't have to lift a
lingui'. und it makes you him till instant Ionibic. '

Whiii I5 happening here. is ihiii slowly. but with cvcrincrcusingussuredncss. the media is using

our iicuds to find cscupc llllt

l is using llttihc needs uguinst us. in the form of television. The

iulct isinn iicis us it piicil'iCi in divcri our minds away from the troubled world around us. by
truiispiii‘iing us cflnrilcssl) in it succhurin world of make believe.

lllL' "Boob l'uhc" liicrully directs our thinking for us. it helps us decide when we Witnl to rush
um and buy it (‘iirrnt's ltiiinhurgur and helps ruise the question in our minds that we might
actually he onc of the few good mun the Marines are looking for. if it were left up to television.
the Illtthl Olllslitlldtng social problem today would be “ring around the collar."Tetcvisian really

docs direct our thought.

li \tiisn‘i zitttiiys the left-vision lltilt directed us. lcun think nfu time not too langugo. when we.

tlli.‘ yiiuili at America. find it firm grip on the

l:th nt ihc Woodstock gL‘llcfltllttll. Wt: used to be

around the world, ch. liilks it is ll‘llL'. We wt:
and curly 70‘s. We made our own directions ilicn. Our minds were our

monument of lliL' late 60‘s
i|\\ll and we could think trccly.
thirst-days \icrc fantastic. the fiery

the young could look in ihc futurc rind sec

direction of our own lives. Remember. we arc the
rite non-conformists that fired the prnics\ hczird

rc once purl of the great and powcrfulryouth

glow of youthful enthusiasm was radiating from our eyes.
it bciicr world was theirs for the marking. Our

rcdcniptiun as u civililiitimi was within our grusp. Wt: \vcrc invincible.

Remember lhc ecology mo

vcnicni. ll wris siiirtcd ung zigo by men the likes ofJumcs Audoban

rind John Muir. but it [fully didn‘t get rolling until we got it hold of it. Then with the combined

Voices of unrusti'uincd yiiiiih
hccunic u llitlltlllitl issue inside of two years.

illtll other scgmcnts of informed cilircnry. the ecology movement

lhc llniicd Strut-s ilt.‘llVL‘ niiliuiry involvement in Southeast Asia cndcd (hopefully) because
the youth of Amcricu rose up and questioned the government's right to curry on it war Without

the people's :ippi‘ovnl. Pratt-5i mni'chus und sit-ins. demonstrations oncc
rchcllious rowdyism were the fonts by which we raised America's consciousness to heights
iinrivulcd. li WilS public opinion. licruldcd by the cries of the young i
resignation from office of u President of the United Statics.

l ruiitly illhllliL' hcing nuiitulgic. but in days 5

ucli us these. What rise is there

one at the cliciipcsi [arms of l'iintiisiling. and rent delusions lll’O-llill'd it) come by.

thi liiippciicd. whch Iuis it

dilly it iili pnwcr. ycl individurilly wc sluikc our heiidsund mutter about ihc
wurld. l.ci‘sciii tilt: crap and find something to rebel over. True. there is no more wur issuc,und
tlic iimcs when the few good men the Murincs were after were draft resistors went out With Curtis

till garic'.’ Right now. the youth of America should becotlcctiyely
poor suite oftbs

Leniny. But I‘m sure We can find something to get worked up ubout.

Why not? The spirit of Chicago '68 lives! Pick up t
Washington rind sing protest songs and march in the strcc

living . .

Sny. I wonder what's on television tonight?

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

~ il-mi.»m.s'uiumw i-‘mhtmimw‘.,g 13m; 913,, .

PAGE NINE

 

 

dismissed us being
lint eventually led to the

to do‘! Nostalgia is

 

he cry. Youth Unite! We can till go to
is until the police come and beat the

 

