out the meet. one

V r of usuallyloses."saidCortland
R'ed Dragons, varsity soccer Coach

I ' 7 Fred Taub'e two hours before 'his

Dragons took on the Albany State

varsity soccer team inan important

State University of New York
Athletic Conference game. _

Friday night it was Albany's turn.

as the hosts overcame‘a l-0 halftime

deficit and edged the Boaters. 2-l.

“It was the greatestsoccer game

i this school [has ever seen. " Taube

said. *We played our best game in

my three years at Cortland. i honesl- ~

ly hope we don't see Albany again in

post-season play. becausenext time

we may not be as fortunate.“ _

For the Booters. the loss . ‘was
heartbreaker. ' , I

“There was no question. about it.
we played lti0. per cent from a
physical point of view.” said Albany
State varsity coach Bill Schieffelin.
“We lost because we did not use our
heads in the second,half. and did not
take advantage oftheir weaknesses.“

Albany took the lead 20 minutes
into the first half when Pasquale
Petriccione ﬁred a Ill-yard shot at
the Cortland net. The shot defeiected
off one fullback. and then off
another. before it found a resting

place in de the‘g

Matty De'nora set up the play on a
lead-feed center pass'which was~ the
completionof a give-and-go play.

Albany dominated the next 20

minutes of play. but was unable to
administer the coupvde-grace. large
ly thanks to goalie Tom Wignot.
who made ten saves in that time
span. v

“Wignot was fantastic.“ said
'l'aube. “He did an outstandingjob.
and made some circus saves out
there. When a goalie turns in a per-
formance like that.~it hastospark his
own team as well “as frustrate the
oppsition." -

Wignot come up with save after
save. including a leaping grab of
Jorge Aguilar‘s shot with one second
left in the game.

Cortland tied the game at the 7:40
mark of _the . second half when
Booters' goalie Henry Obwald was
caught out of the net after makings
save. Mark Britt centeredthe ball to
Cortland halfback John Cossaboon
who popped a short tloaterjust over
the head of Arthur Bedford. andjust
under the crossbar.

“It was a most frustrating feeling.
lamented Bedford. “It wasjust
out of my much [was backing up to
cover the'net when he shot. so my

’ leap had to be made when] was olf-
balance. If i had been back there
sooner. i probably would have had
it.“
Schieffelin praised Bcdf'ordfs ef-
l‘ortsand said be doubted anyone
could have gotten to the ball.

“it was just one of those weird
situations where a second would
have been the difference." said the
coach.“lt‘s impossible to fault Bed-
ford. He did his job perfectly. I
doubt anyone could have had the
ball under those circumstances."

Thetie-breaker came with l lzdti to
play in the second half. when Britt
hooked a blast around Obwald who
did not move.

“i lost the ball in the lights.” ex-
plained Obwald. "i know I would
have stopped it under any other cir-
cumstances.“

Once again Schieffelin backed his
player‘s efforts completely.

"We never played there under the
lights before. and l can.assure you
that we will not do it again especially
at Cortland." said Schieffelin. “The
lighting was poor. especially along
the sidelines. and i guess i have to
say it hurt us."-

Basically. the problem was that in
the second” half Albany stopped

continued on page eighteen ’

Danes Cage RIT Tigers, 24-0

by David Levy

The Albany State Football Team
is 3-l. yet Coach Bob Ford is an un-
happy and concerned mun.

Following Saturday‘s 24-0 victory
over Rl’l'. the Great Danes coach
said. -“We went into this game know-
ing Rl'l' was not strong and also
knowing that we had to be consistent
to prove ourselves a good football
team. We were. at best. sporadic."

Typical of this team was the first
quarter on Saturday. “Though we
moved well. a penalty (we had over
100 yards worth) or missed assign-

ment would inevitably halt the
drive." said Ford. Rl'l'. which had
been burned for 55 and 56 points in
their previous two games. found
themselves in a scoreless contest.
The" defense. without Frank
Villanova. the Danc‘s “best tackle.“
according to Ford. played fairly well
throughout the game. Ri'l' quarter-
back Paul Adamo. entering the
game as Division lll‘s third ranked
passer. was able to connect on only
[2 of 35 throw and had several pick-
ed off. Vauntcd receiver Jim Lcientz
was limited to live catches for 56

tutti?

.i,
'Wﬁb

 

yards. well below his average.

It was the inconsistency of the
offense that upset Coach Ford. Our
well publicized ground game was
good for only 20} yards. far beneath
their expected output. The hit-or-
miss passing attack accounted for 76
yards. 37 coming on a Bertuzzi to
l’ollar'd 'i'D pass in the second
quarter. 'l'om Delilois‘ three yard

run had given the Danes their first '

points. capping an 81 yard drive set
up by Skip Scurry‘s interception. A
30-yard field goal by Al Martin sent
Albany into the lockerroom-with a
l7 point halftimc lead.

The second half saw mostly a
second-string offense employed by
Albany and they were unable to
reach the end zone.

Albany‘s final score was registered
by the defense when Brnd
Kchlenbcck picked off an Adamo
pass and scampcred 30 yards for the
six points.

Coach Ford did see some bright
spots in the win. citing the apparent
recuperation of'l'om Dc illois as “im-
portant.“ Center Andy Lee did a
“goodjob".dcspitc bcingoutweighcd
by 50 pounds. Freshman defensive
end Joe Shields “has won bimselfa
starting assignment" through his ef-
forts and Rich Hcimcrly played an
"excellent game at defensive hall'-
back."

"We have to make a dedicated cf-

fort to become a good football.

team." says Ford. “and with So.
Connecticut. Springfield and
Albrigbt still remaining. We have all
the incentive needed." .
. Mistakes against itl'l‘ are on
thing. but those teams will. in Ford's
words. "play taps on us if we make
em,“

Albany goctlo Henry Obwald about to make a sliding cave on a
breakaway.

BattersGroundHawks,10-5
After Dropping Opener, 7-2

by Mike Plekarskl

Jim Willoughby‘s three-run dou-
ble highlighted a five-run fourth in-
ning to lead the Albany varsity
baseball team to a l0-5 victory over
New Paltz in‘ the second game of
Saturday’shome. doubleheader.

The win salvaged a split of the
twinbill for the Danes who dropped
the opener. 7-2.

The second game marked the first
Danes home triumph of the season
and left their State University of
New York Athletic Conference
record at 4-3.

With the Danes holding a 4-0 lead
in the home fourth. Willoughby
came up with the bases loaded and
jumped on loser Bob Marz‘s first
pitch. sending it all the way to the
rightf’ield fence to clear the bases.
When Willoughby later scored on a
wild pitch in the samcinning. it look-
ed likcvit was goingto be a runaway.

But the Hawks hadjust begun to
fight. in the sixth inningthcy scored
l'ivctimcswith the aid ofthrec walks.
three singles and two errors to close
thegap to three before being stopped
with the tying runs on base and their
best hitter.’l‘om Whitaker. at bat.
The big lefty. two had homered
curlier in the day. sent a longdriveto

.dcep ccnterfield that Paul Nelson
hauled in a few feet from the fence
for the third out. '

When Albany second baseman
Jeff Silvcrman slammed a two-run

. double in the bottom of theinning.

the Hawks were grounded.

The Danes had given freshman
starter l’aul DiLelloan curly cushion
in the first on John lrace‘s double up
the left ccnterficld- power alley.
Nelson opened the frame by ripping
it hard smash through the right side

and proceeded to steal second on the
first pitch. ‘l'wo outs later. Jeff
Breglio 'walked and both he and
Nelson came around to score on
lrace‘s long drive.

in the third. Silvcrman buntcd his
way on. swiped second. moved to
third on a wild pitch and stole home
on an unusual play to give Di Lcllo a
three run lead. With Silverman on
third and Willoughby at the plate.
Coach Burlingame called for the
suicide squeeze which hasthc runner
charging in from third on the
pitcher's delivery. Willoughby miss-
ed the bunt and Silvcrman looked
like a sure out.

But he kept coming and knocked
the ball out ofthe catcher‘s glove. He
also complicated matters by missing
the plate. While the ball was being
retrieved. Silvcrman turned around
and dove head-first toward home to
beat the tage and score the run.

The live-run fourth seemed to in-
dicate another complete game for
l)iLcllo was in the offing. but the
freshman ran into hard luck and out
of gas in the sixth before being
removed. Willoughby came in and
eventually put out the ﬁre. but not
before New Pill”. made on exciting
game out of an 8-0 deficit.

But first game was not exciting.
The visitors.collccting only four hits
off Dane pitching. grabbed an early
lead and were never in danger oflos-
ing it. ‘

John Dollard got the starting and
and fell behind in the first when
Whitaker (the pitcher) slammed a
solo homer over the rightficld fence
at give his Hawks a I-0 advantage.

New l'altz. tallied twice in the
founh when Vic Mirannuna walked

 

 

More Sports on
pages 17. 10. I: 19

continued on page etghlecn

 

 

 

 

on   

by Cyrdltli Haelnll , V

Administrators and the Student
Association (SA) are at odds over
Mohawk Tower's disputed future as

a dormitory. , ' ,.

Vice-President for Management
and Planning John Hartley said "A
precipitous decision, such as this.
cannot be made without extensive
investigation.“ According to
Hartley. a Task Force with student.
faculty and administrative represen-
tation. is in the process of .being
formed to look into the problem of
on-campus overcrowding.

SA President Andy Bauman said
he has all‘the facts that he needs and
feels that the administration is stall-
ing. “They (the administration) ap-
parently do not realize the severity of
the problem of overcrowding and
are not giving it top priority."
Bnuman is pushing for an answer
by Oct. l4. sothattlic cost of conver-
ting Mohawk can be included into
the university budget for I976.
However. Hartley said that‘Mohawk
Tower is immatcriui in the question
ofthe budget and that the budget has
already been submitted to SUNY
Central for review on Oct. 22.

Origin of Idea

According to Director of
Residences Dr. John Welty the idea
to convert Mohawk back into a
dorm had its impetus‘last summer
when the housing ofﬁce was trying to
find living space for 400 transfers.

The solutions to that problem. one
of which was the Hotel Wellinton.
prove satisfactory to some but quite
inadequate for others. increased de-
mand for on-campus housing the
past three years and a projected in-
crease for next year. indicate. said
Welty. that additional space may be
necessary. However. he explained
that time is required to study the
space needs for the university as a
whole.

Another argument upheld by
Bauman is that Mohawk Tower as a
dorm would cost the university less.
since the renting cost would be

covered.by  rather than by
university‘t‘undt. Baumin estimates

that ﬁnaneiofgcina would amount to r 1

approximately "7.000 dollars.
However. after using a substantial
amount of this money to provide of-

fices forthe evicted Mohawk faculty '

and to cover other costs which arise
in a dorm situation (Le. an increased
maintenance staff). it is doubtful
whether very much of it will be left.
Bauman said that though Mohawk
revenue may not increase the first
year. a proﬁt will be seen in the
future.
Uving Space for All

Bauman maintained that his real
aim is “to provide uncrowded on-
campus livingspace for all those who
desire it. Mohawk Tower is just the
most obvious solution since it
originally was a dorm.“

Bauman also said that he was
open to tthe idea of constructing
modular housing as an alternative to
the conversion of Mohawk. \Vclty
was suspicious of modular housing
because it would cost the students
more and he wasn‘t sure if they
would be willingto payit. l-le prefers
to wait and ﬁnd out what studcnts
want.

Indian Quad students have shown
an interest in the Mohawk issue. An
ad hoc committee was set up by in-
dian Quad Board to investigate the
“facts.”

Stephen Felix Wills. a member of
the committee. said that it seemed
that a large number of people were
looking for information which was
unavailable. The committee, sensing
a confusion and incompleteness of
facts surrounding the issue made a
resolution at a meeting of lndian
Quad Board last Monday night. The
resolution calls for the executive
branch of the SA to lift its
"ultimatum" to President Fields
concerning Mohawk Tower. it also
requests that the matter be referred
to the University Senate since it
affects many aspects of university
life. Bauman and Welt y were present

at the Quad Board meeting and
answered questions posed by the
students.

Another group which would be
directly affected hythe conversion of
Mohawk 'l'owcr are faculty who
have ofﬁces there. Fred Cohen.
Professor of Law and Criminal
Justice. said in a letter to the Editor
in A SI’. that he “would giadlyrcturn
Mohawk Towcr lost udent occupun~
cy“ citing the various ills of having
an office .in Mohawk Tower.

However. DriRobcrt Farrel, 'Chnirl '

man ofthe Sociology Department.
said that though he realizes the
seriousness of the problem. he feels
that the move would be difficult 'and
disruptive to the departments in-
volved. He suggested the building of
additional dorm space to ac~
comodate additional students.
Faculty Relocation
Suggestions for rc-locatingfaculty

range from placingtheminthe Allen .
Center and Milne School whenthey ,

close to placing them in the Hotel
Wellington. Objections to the
Mohawk faculty being moved off-

~campus are based on the in-

convenience for both teachers and
students. '

Student Arrest A Nightmare}

Editor's Note: The following is a narrative account ofa SUN YA student's rer'e'nl arrest.
struggle continued.

by Michael Sens

Forty-ﬁve minutes after Judge Thomas Kecgnn
called the Albany Police Court to order on Tuesday;
October 7, Brent Kigner was a free man. For Brent.
however. that week seemed like a chapter out of Camus‘

The Stranger.

“I had left the downtown dorms at about 3:00 or 3:15
on Monday morning.“ Brentsnid. rccailingthc incident.
"and was walking down State Street by the park.
cnroute to my house. when i noticed a car following
me." Kigncr. who is a graduate student at SUNYA
claims. the “guy was gay" and tried to pick him up.

“He asked me it we could talk about it for n
morncnt—l was kind of curious because this was the
first time i was ever propositioned." They continued said.
talking when another car pulled up in front of the first
car. “Two men got out and started chasing me. i ran
figuring they were friends of the gay guy.“

“As they were running after me they yelled 'Stopt
Police. Let's see some identification.” Since they
weren‘t in uniform. Brent didn‘t believe them. "i

thought they wanted to mug me. "

the policeman grabbed his arm andtricdto hold him
down. while he struggled to get free. For about five
minutes they fought. grapplingin the street at the corner
of State Sites and Lexington Avenue. with Brent

shrieking for help.

"Are you on something?" one policeman asked.

“They again asked to see my identification. 1 again
asked to see theirs. 'l‘wicc they flashed somcthing.just
for asccond. But inthat light, inthnt moon. at that time.
it looked like something they‘could have bought at any

dime store." Brent still didn‘t believe they Were

policemen.

He left.

“What have you been doing?“ said the other. The

A pedestrian come uponthe struggle. “You had better
leave or you‘ll be in trouble too," the policeman warned.

Kigncr found himself on the ground. with both his
wrists pinned down. Screaming. tryingto stall for time.
Brent hopcd that the police would come to help him.

"Do you want to see my handcuffs?" one policeman

"It just startcdvto dawn on me that they might be
police." Kigner said. “Things had gotten so frenzied that
l was beyond believing that they were police. slowly.
though. it sunk in. They put the handcuffs ontightiy."

A black and white police car, a paddy wagon. and
another unmarked detective carjoincd the ﬁrst car. In
all. there were about six men. While one stood as a look-
out. the otherJive formed a circle around Kigner. They
started kicking Brent —in his ribs and legs. One elderly ‘
dctcctivc was more vicious than the rest. Brent
explained. "i can‘t really remember, but maybe he was
the only one who beat me."

“There I was in handcuffs withthcse guys around me.

continual on page three

"Proclpltoue Decision": Vice President tor Management and Planning John Hartley u‘ysthct o g P
force will soon be looking Into SUNVA'p on-ecmpus housing shortage. Meanwhile. studs
Association continues to light forthe conversion of Mohawk Tower into a dormitory toelllt

Price Differentials Remain

by Daniel O’Connell

To the applause of most of the 35
spectators present. Central Council
Wednesday defeated by a vote of I]-
l8-0lJay Millcr‘s (Dutch) proposal
to end the practice 'of charging

membership differentials by groups'
‘ Which‘ arc funded; directly or in-

directly by S.A.

Had the bill passed. groups like
quad boards. Tower East and the
Jewish Students Coalition would
have been the hardest hit because
cach of them charges less of an ad-
mission price ut at least some of their
events to persons who holdtheir par-
ticular card.

Supporters ofthe bill attackcdthc
present system on many fronts.
Miller contended that “SA tax
money is money from all the
studentsand if the taxes of the
overall student body are funding a
group. only a tax card differential
should be charged.“'Several com-
muter Council members'were for the
bill because they- felt it would
eradicate supposed inequities which
now exist. They noted that sincethey
have no quad they face a differential
at almost every f‘unctioh they attend.

Commuter Drawbacks

This situation causes commutc..
to fch cheated on two counts. First
of all.‘thcy recognize the fact that
they are being charged extra in spite
of the fact‘thnt part of their mum
dntory tax fee is being used to sup-
port such groups. Secondly. it was
noted that whatever profit is made
off of them goes back to the quad or
group involved instead of a general
treasury from which all students

would benefit. in his statement of ‘

support for the bill‘SA President
Andy Bauman said that if
membership cards of this type were
abandoned he would favorincrcased
funding of quad boards so as to
make eventstcheaper for all. and not
at the expense of just some.
Although several Council
members also voiced opposition to

the proposal. the must emphatic'

detractors were the representatives
of the many groups which attended
the meetirigthat night. To show pop-
ular disapproval of the bill a petition
with I!!!) signatures was presented
to the Council. Later. spokesmen
from each of the quad boards said it

was the overwhelming opinio
each of them that the men re
should be defeated. 'i‘hey note‘dthat
if the beneﬁts of ownership ‘
removed sales of the cards

their autonomy in a situation ,
this becausethey would havetogo o
SA for theirvinitinl funding.

it was also asserted that the
cards was a type of vol untary tax
that ifthc students did notthink .
they were good they would not b '
them. Greg Lessnc (State). who
opposed to the bill. stated th'it
although there were def
problems under the present sysf
"the cure would be worse than,
disease.“ '

Miller Registers Complaint _

After the bill was defeated andt _ »
many spectators had left.  _'
stated that the debate had been cl  V ‘
ed prematurely and that in
members had not been gier I I
chance to speak. Because of tlyigg‘ﬁet
asked that discussion be contin "
and the bill reconsidered. “I _

Chairperspn David Coyne noted
that since all of the spectators qhd
gone thinking the bill had 
defeated. it would be wrongto do so
at that meeting. In a confused squab-
ble that followed the Council ad-
journed itself by a majority vote. in
response to this Miller set fireto his
agenda as a symbol of protest. His
deep conviction in this matter would
make it seem doubtful that this will
be the last time he sets this particulp'r
motion before the Central Council.

tNDEx
Classifieds............................
Columns 13

 

 

 

 

 

 

