   

 

Agent: gather at the scene ot the ell-night vtglh

by Larry Lopez

The sirens were wailing. getting
closer and screeching around the
corner to the accompaniment of the
screeches and groans of cars thud-
ding into one another.

State Street was aswarm with.

policecars. It was three o‘clock in the
afternoon and Albany. New York
was just beginning an eighteen hour
vigil that placed the downtown dis-
trict in the national spotlight.

An ambulance pulled out ofu side
street with anofﬁcer in it. Patrolman
Jack Fischer had been shot trying to
stop a robberﬂeeinga bank hold-up.
The alleged robber turned back
down Main Street and ﬂed into a
coffee shop. The police responded to
the call of a policeman downed with
every unit possible. Undercover
agents rushed into the area pulling
out badges to pin on their civilian
clothes and drawing the guns they
usually concealed.

Confusion prevailed. Police cars
narrowly avoided each other and
cordoned off the wrong streets. But.
still within minutes. they narrowed
their search down and when a
waitress at the Standard Sandwich
Shop pulled down the venetian
blinds the siege began in earnest.

Albany City Police, Sheriff's
Department ofﬁcers. F.B.I. agents
and Capital Police. many with
drawn revolvers. surrounded the
building as reinforcements. and
heavier weaponry began arriving on
the scene.

As they arrived. complete with M-
16 carbines. and tear gas guns. the
crowds were drawn to watch. The
crowds would remain throughout
the eighteen hours from the time the
robbery occurred until nine Thurs-
day morning when the suspect was
sped away by car.

But the bi-racial crowd. mostly'
young and mostly male. was here for
a show and the comparisons with the
neat. half hour television dramas

were inevitable. “Where‘s Kojak?"
“Man. Albany ain't got no SWAT
team. they got it MESS team.“ “If
this was TV. they'd have him
already."ln there was also an un-
dercurrent that somehow it wasn't
real. that this wasn't happening “in
Albany. of all places."

The cops paid no heed. They

crouched behind cars and jockcyed
for position. The size of the crowd
drew a small food truck. The kids
swarmed to the truck and walked off
with everything they could grab in
the space of fifteen seconds. The
anguished food man closed the truck
and. with a look at the cops who
were facing the drawn blinds. their
backs to his plight. climbed into the
driver‘s seat and drove off.

The kids‘ antics were attracting
attention and the cops moved in
several times to chase them off.

Moo

weeding them out from newspeople
who were allowed to remain. It was
like sweeping buck the tide. The
crowd ebbed but returned. Capitol
Police. who had nojtirisdiction but
hung around anyway as sightseers.
helped out with sporadic crowd con-
. trol. And. when they became bored
with the stake-out and got back into
their cars. one ofﬁcer leaned over to
one of his young blond tonnentors
and said in a low voice. “Stop
around the Capitol some time and
I‘ll kick your ass.“

Finally. at 8:|0. ti marksman
who‘s sat crouched all night behind
cars stands up and waves all clear.
The suspect has surrendered. It will
be another hour before the police
whisk him away in a car. pushing
photographers out of the way. and
hours before Main Street will be
cleared of litter again.

Suspect Arraigned

by Andrea Herzberg

Robert M. Roscoe did not appear
nervous as thcjudge questioned him.
Dressed for his arraignment in a
multicolored long sleeved polo shirt.
blue slacks and unlaced track shoes.
Roscoe had just been charged with
forcible theft. unlawful imprison-
ment and the attempted murder of
an Albany Police Officer.

“Do you understand the charges
against you?“ asked Judge Thomas
W. Keegan who presided over
yesterday’s session of Albany Police
Court. Roscoe looked up from the
little podium then murmured. “I un-
derstan‘ what you sayin‘ yes..“

' He was barely audible to the
media and assorted spectators as
they watched this 35 yearold balding
black man tacitly go through the ﬁrst
in a series of courtroom encounters
to come.

.lttdgc chgan‘s questions found
Roscoe to be a civil serviccemployec
who lives in Washington. D.C. and
cannot afford an attorney. Aftcrap—
pointing Albany County Public
Defender James F. Dalton as
Roscoe‘s counsel. Kcegtin asked
whether they would allow the AP.
UI’I and local cameiamen their
desired courtroom photographs.
Following a brief conversation with
Roscoe. Dalton issued a respectful

Previous Records
Keegan said that he will not set
bail for 48 hours in order to check
Roscoe‘s previous records. A

preliminary hearing is set for l0:30
Monday morning.

Albany Police Court is located in
the Public Safety Building on Mor-
ton Avenue about one block off of
South Pearl.

 

PAGE TWO

.t... u

w

ALBANY STUD

cu.

  

dob-n

b .l u'J‘..‘.v.' i'. A 0.4-. I~I4-'--r

ENT PRESS

Israelis-Attack Port City

BEIRUT, [Abanon (A P) Israeli commandos stormed ashore from rubber
boats under cover of naval gunfire ‘early Thursday near the southern
Lebanon port city of Sidon and clashed with Palestinian guerrillas. lllc
guerrilla command reported. Sources said six persons were wounded in [he
attack. including a guerrilla ofﬁcer responsible forseeurity at the Palestian
refugee camp near the landing site.

Israel And Egypt Sign

GENEVA. Switzerland (AP) Israel and Egypt signed the U.S.-sponsored
Sinai pact Thursday in a brief. muted ceremony boycotted by the Soviet
Union and overshadowed by a slashing attack on the Kremlin by ligyptiiin
President Anwar Sttdtit in Cairo. The signing. over in less than H) minutes.
was urismiling and biisincsslike.'l‘hc two dclegutionsdid not shake litindsiiiid
their tables were arranged in a V-configuration so they would not have to Inci-
each other directly.

China Slows Pace In Arms Race

LONDON (Al’)China's missile program has slowed but the United Siiitcx
rind the Soviet Union continue to sharpen their nuclear strike forces tlL‘spllL‘
dctentc. the Institute for Strategic Studies reported Friday. “( ‘Iiiiia
continued Iicr nuclea'r program more slowly than earlier projections liiiic
indicated." the institute said. It said there have becnno Chinese nuclear lcs‘ls
since the I6th was conducted in June I974. Atthe sametime.a new arms l‘ilt‘c
in under way in the oil-producing countries. the institute said. Iran and Saudi
Arabia each tripled their military budget in the past year. Iran now SpClItl\
more money on arms than Britain.

Nixon Turns Over More Tapes

WASHINGTON (AP) Former President Richard M. Nixon has agreed to
turn over to Senate investigators tapes and documents relating to Chile lllltl
domestic intelligencc gathering. White House counsel Philip Ciihcii silltl
Thursday. The Senate intelligence committee “will be furnished llltlSL‘
documents which relate to the subpoenas" issued last month. HllClIL‘lt siiitl
following II meeting with committee members. “This will be conducted in
short order." he added. I

Democrats Unite Against Oil Veto

WASHINGTON (AP) Senate Democrats agreed unanimously 'I lIlIl'StliH
to put aside any effort to compromised with President Ford on Cnt‘tgt
controls until an attempt is made to override his veto ofa price control bill
lhe Senate Dcmocrats‘ action, similar to a decision Wednesday by “misc
Democrats. came as the Ford administration was publicizing its on it
proposals for easing the consumer impact of allowing oil price Controls to
expire permanently. And service station operators and independent
segments ofthe oil industry told Congress that unless controls are continued.
they will be run out of business by the gitint oil companies.

Mideast Agreement Costs U.S. Money

WASHINGTON (AP) American ﬁnancial commitments following the
new Middle East interim agreement will cost at least $9 billion over the IIL‘.\I
three years. according to administration and congressional sources. I lie 5‘)
billion figure covers only the three years the agreement is expected to last.
 says the rate ofaid cottld continue at similarly high level for main

Radlf‘aug DEIEYS Mars Shot
A:£:c:',f£§A(}/EB§L! FIE (AP) A problem plaguing the radio system of
n. h ' ‘ 1“?" Y‘klng sPu’cecraft threatens to further delay its schcdiilcd
Jig ‘ m M‘.‘“' “FEW” 51"“ Wednesday. “We are very mystified." said
“Yes Miimn’ v‘kmg ProjeCl manager. “It is like a ghost which comes and
Sock and Is hard to track down." In two days of testing. the problem - the
amount of Signal strength received from the Viking‘s orbiter - appeared iii
“emu” tImes and then vanished for several hours.

State Urges Electrlc Rate Reform

meldfuﬁsytgi‘rgaihilifita}? A-ny' Gcn' Lou“ Timowm Called Thursday for

conservation of e] _ I .c. 5”“: 5 “Sets of electricity equally and to encourage

“inadequate” ale ‘9? “CNY- He Stud hls proposals were designed to reform

urged “Ni-rem “0' rate structrues currently being used by utilities. Ili-

.his Use p‘u's on :h Prlcfng. charging each consumer according to the burdcn
‘ c cnttrc system.

The KKK Is Out

  Dciiouncing the Ku Klux Klan sn “racist. IUIIHIINI
Prison cinpln ce~ it Ion} comm'ssmncr Benjamin Ward has ordered sizin-
limited "umbi’r" bro‘tjutt the Klan or face dismissal from their jobs. "\
out. I or “Sc  Api'l'flm employees Iiavc been ordered to Iciivcthc Klan bi
corre tion tiffici‘ti:mlfrhd.l.procccdmgs-" Wurd said Wednesday. although
prison guards in: K122“! to my cmcuy how many of more than 5.000
inocsligmkmi. :md I . I'membcrs. “I can't disclose the details ol the
ward. ‘wl It  . .LWis Douglass. executive deputy commission or to
t. itch eVidcnce about a very small number.“
M23:  Teachers On Strike
school il:.syu'h(uA:) leachcmvwﬂlkcd off thcjob at the South Colonic
New York State distrr tan Albany rhursfmyr boosting to five the ntimbcrol
John N. Pennock out“: sdaffecled, by Strikes. State Supreme Court Justice
Worky but the“. was "mi {he Wm“ South Colonic teachers to retiirti to
from contract div; 0 immed'me complllmce- The walkouts all stemmed
-putes. .
compiled by Matt Kaufman

SEPTEMBER 5, 1975

i w. ,

. n .i.. ‘ .-. ..".*-.'..I

 

 

 

by David Lerner

Undergrad Mary Ann Walsh stood on the hill facing the Ohio National
Guard as they fired into a crowd of Item State students on May 4. I970. Post-
griid Walsh was in Albany on August 28. I975 when a federaljury acquitted
the Guard. former GovernorJames Rhodestmd Kent State president Robert
While of responsibility in the resulting deaths of four students and injury to

- nine others.

The memory ofthe shootings is still fresh to her.and still painful. "I saw the
Giittrd ﬁre. I didn‘t believe it. I didn‘t belich they really tired. They were
supposed to be blttnks. It was all supposed to be a game. Nobodywas goingto
get Iiiirt.“

Walsh learned just how serious the game was when told that one close
friend had been shot in the hip. As one of the plaintiffs in the case against the
state, all that Iier friend ‘got out of the incident was a limp wrtlk.

“l started to cry." Walsh remembered. “I was terriﬁed, angry. Particularly
when I found that (my friend) was hit. Numb. I felt numb. Confused."

While Walsh looked on at the shootings from her vantage point. Cathi
lliirdo in I970 was exactly where she was to be five years later. in the SUNY
Albany Campus Center. ‘I was really appalled by it (the shootings); really
upset  She was a sophmore at Albany at the time. and is now a grad student.
Hilrtlt) didn‘t understand why the Guard ﬁred in the ﬁrst place.

“I doii‘t think their lives were endangered." she said. “They shouldn‘t even
have been armed." She expected that a Guardsman was sufﬁciently trained
not to fire without an absolute cause.

“The emotional temperament was incredibly high.“ Walsh siiid. almost as
if she lttld heard it all before. “It was incredible. I'm sure they [the Guard]
were frightened."

Like Wiilsh. Philip Tompkins. also at Kent State five years ago. had little
difficulty explaining the shooting. “There was good reason for sending them
tip there in the first place.“Tompkins admitted. "The students had been
violently hostile to local police and firemen. and campus security did not
come out to protect the firemen as they htid promised the city they would.“
The presence of the Guard itself infuriated the students and added to the
riotous mood. Tompkins said. The mood in Ohio he described as “very
hostile to the st udcnts."

One of the state‘s prosecutors. he said. had privately wished that the Guard
had "killed them all.“ Tompkins. now Albany Rhetoric and
Communications department chairman. personally “questioned very
clearly“ the use of loaded rifles on the campus. It violated. he said. Defense
Department regulations concerning control of civil disorders.

As for the training the Guard was supposed to have received. he said. “I‘m
fearful of the National Guard. Iwould much rtithcrtrust state troopers. even
local police. in short...professionals. When the Guard comes. I‘m going into
hiding.“

Of a dozen students and faculty interviewed here. not one expressed
surprise that the parents of the dead and injured students lost their case
against the state. 'Iompkins laid the cause to the intense dislike of the
townspeople towards the students. pointing to it state grand jury report
which clearly held the students responsible for the deaths. while completely
exoticrating the Guard.

Walsh expected the decision rind feels only mistrust. Bardo thottght that
the jurors were incapable of objectivity given the status of the defendants.
“No individual can stand against the Establishment." she said, The Supreme
Court. she feels. can be more objective. should appeals reach that level.

Aaron lIoi'owit/ was “not surprised, bitt not disappointed.“ I-lcjust knew
that \\il.\' what would Iiappcn. Ellen Ortirow expected it.

Not one of the dozen was surprised . But only two of them knew what
decision it wits they were expecting. Thcyitll said they knew that there \vasti
cnsc going on in Ohio. but only two or three could accurately describe it.
Most thought it to beat murder trial. with opinion divided ovcrwliether it was
the students or (iiiiii‘d oii trial.

For Walsh tllid Tompkins. it was the end of a five year ordeal. For the
others. it wrisjust one more story about “The Movement." one which pre-
dated tlicir college careers. and one with which they say they have little
itttiichiiicnt.

Professor 'l ompkins could explain till the events satisfactorin except one.
which be repeated often. “Why did it take them five years“! I‘tn not one who
needs it scapegoat. but nonetheless. there was a bit of twinge... ti twinge of
disappointian not so much from the verdict. but because it's been five years
and llII’UC months. Wiisjiisticc done in waiting so long?“

The stateroom housing the Patroon Mom's llquor supply.

Patroon Room Open Evenings
For Campus Center Cocktails

by Neill S. Cohen

Want it Sloc Comfortable Scrcw'!
According to a bartender at the
Ttivern below the Ramada Inn. you
can get one there for two dollars; or
for about $50 upstairs. Well. as of
last night. we‘ll be
able to get the cheaper
version in our very
own Patroon Room
on the second Iloor of
the Campus Center.

Usually catering to faculty lunch-
hour whims. the Ptitroon Room will
start serving mixed drinks. beer.and
coffee to students oii a trial basis
every Thursday. Friday. and Satur-
day in the month ofScptembcr. This
accomplishment is due to the hard
work of the Committee to Evaluate
University Alcohol Policies. com-
prised of students and faculty. and
chaired by Pat Buchalter. Director
of Student Activities here at
SUNYA.

Being it very affa hlc pcrso it. with a
tone of eagerness in her voice. she
was perfectly willing to discuss the
Committee‘s Ititcst achievement. In—
itiitlly formed in I900 when the cam-
piis first went wet. the committee
was created to make periodic
evaluations iind recommendation
concerning the use (and abuse) of
iilcoliol. "When policy and practice
of the Ili-yciir old drinking age cn-
forccincnt differ. there are
questions and concern by a number
of people. If violations occttr Illld
there's just one complaint. we‘ve got
it full-boom investigation on our
hands."

News
Feature

o

 

BE A FALL DROPOUT—

PROVIDED

 

KYDIVING.

*STUDENT TRAINING - BEST RATES IN THE AREA
*USPA- JEPPESEN A-V FIRST JUMP COURSE

*CLASSROOM TRAINING - ALL EQUIPMENT

HT THE DROP ZONE
ULCO RIRPORTE JOHNSTOWN. NY phone 762-4900

 

90.00 an NC was rats so into susvn ID- murmur $55

OFFER EXPIRES 9-15-75

    

SEPTEMBER 5, 1975

The dramatic upswing in the use
of alcohol here and at schoolsacross
the country mtidetlic Patroon Room
decision inevitable. In making their
decision. the Committee wanted to
create an environment which would
provide an alternative to the noisy.
crowded situation in the
rathskcllar/snack bar. They sought
to create a quiet placcwhere students
could relax and converse over
cocktiiils and refreshments. Anyone
getting unusually load will bctiskcd
to leave. she said. or its purpose
would be self-defeating. Since the at-
mosphere helps to determine
behavior. there will be no blaring
'juke box or entertainment.

Efficient Committee

The Committee worked speedily
and efficiently in getting their
proposal iicccptcd. On March 28 of
last semester. the idea wussubmittcd
to the Dean for Student Affairs. Neil
Brown. The Student Affairs Council
tlicti approved the proposal
sometime iii Aprik The delay froin
tlicn iititil now was caused by the
booking til the Patroon Room by
\tiriotis campus groups. Miss
Ilillcliilllcl’lltltl to go tlirouglt the for-
mal booking procedure ftir iii tid-
viiiicc in order to guanttitcc that it
would he il\'llllllhlt:. FSA. under the
giiidititcc of IE. Norbert Ztthm and
Lester Hciiil. wits vcrycoopcnitive.

Various cventualitics were

ciii'eliilly considered. If it is kept onii
,.

pct inii nctit basis. campus
organizations will simply use it at an
earlier time in the evening. Initially.
there will he one bartender. and the



| 489-7744

HOURS:

Fri, Sat

 

Spaghetti

     

c & J Pﬁz

91 Russell Rd. Five blocks from
the uptown Campus

482
WE DELIVER!

Sun, Tues, Wed, Thurs

CLOSED MONDAY!
PIZZA!
also Sausage 8 Meatball heroes

Lasagna

liullllIDISIWlII.IIIHIIIIIOHIIIIIIOMIIIW~

staff will grow along with the
ntitnbcr of students who come. FSA
is extremely flexible. rind if need be.
they can even send over additional
staff oii opening night. If it should
become too crowded (which
everyone involved is hoping). there is
on adjoining rooin which can be
opened to accomodatc them. And
regardless of whether or not the
riithskclliir serves mixed drinks
and or is refurbished. there will be
no competition due to the differing
nature of the environments.

The Patroon Room situation will
be L‘HIlLlillL‘d tit the Committee's next
meeting on September 10th. If the
cocktail lounge concept does work
IIS planned. it will be kept oti it per-
muncm basis.

They“: carefully planned ottt this
expci‘iiiiciit iltttl Iiiivctilrcitdy dcx ised
scvcrtil criteria by \\lllt,‘lt it will he
cvnliiiitcd. Among these are l'irsttind
I'ot‘ciiiost. the amount of business.
Naturally. it must do enough
business to justify its Cttltlllillitllttll.
Mctiibci's of the L‘omiiiiitcc will
drop by periodically to insure that
the right iitntosperc is being iniiiti-
niiiicd. Damage to iIic surrounding
areas must. of course. be kept to it
minimum. If all these criteria are
met. new innovations can be tested.
such its cheese platters.

Ultimately. it's tip to the students
to make it work. As Miss Huchtilter
put it. “Wc‘d Iiiivctt place where peo-
ple can bc comfortable. not having
to worry about hUCI‘hrlllllllg oii them.
somebody tripping over them or
other bar-type things."

. . ~— .-_»n——..-

  

4 pm- ll pm
4 pm- Midnight

Ravioli

  

. .. mummy... ~;»« pa.

M— *1

.. swam. w..-...;'.._.;.hm.~

n» .w..a-..c  M. .- SN; 

 

 

