 

Petroleum
Politics ‘
by Iobwt M. lull ‘

It seems rather strange that Secretary of
State Ilenry Kissinger‘s covertly schemed to
help. King Hassan of Morocco grab Spanish

, Sahara—st the very time our government was
trying to renew our vital air and res base lease
in Spain.

Here's another facet of the story you won‘t
learn from the' mass media. Oil has been found
under the ocean ﬂoor off Spanish Sahara.
magnifying the stakes involved and providing
a clue to Dr. Kissinger‘s peculiar tactics.

There issome mystery about this oil dis-

covery. The news leaked out last January that '

a platform rig drilling a wildcat well 80 miles
off the coast of Morocco had hit oil. 'l‘hecom-
panics which made the ﬁnd are Shell, the
Rockefeller-controlled Exxon and the Moroc-
can state company, BRMP.

What is peculiar, however, is that, whilethe
successful wildcat was in Spanish waters, it
had been drilled without permission from
Spain, but with a permit issued by King
Hassan of Morocco ... who recently march-
ed his men up a sand dune, then marched them
down again, as .he tried to grab Spanish
Sahara by default. 4

The kind of permit Hassan issued is what
professionals call claimj umping; the site of the
discovery is on the Spanish side of the median
line between Spanish and Moroccan territory
and is clearly Spanish property under the
Geneva Convention of l959 that limits the
zones of sovereignty over sea and seabed
resources. So it's very peculiar that such
sedate, prestigious outfits as Shell and Exxon
would engage'in a claim-jumping operation—

Henrylilinrmbolijobitwoilbstoenn-
veysushassrnsncsstothstopmid
tbs‘daim-jumlingconsins. h run-

'e,m's|ov~ mums-rm Misses

350.”) Pgolden handshake" upon havingtb
employ of Nelson Roeksfdlssubnhlsw York
governor. to take a top job in the f8st
ministration. ,

Is it posl‘ble Dr. Kilinger feels the til

deposits off Sparu'sh Saharaare moreimpah'

tant that the U.S.airand sea bases in Spin?
Nobody except ‘ Shdl and the Iloekd'ellers'
Exxon really knows for sure

Exxon and Shell have kept a heraldic
silence about the size of their discovery off
Sahara. so it's still largely a mystery. But
there's no mystery at all about Kissing-J's
diligence, energy and perseverance in pursuing
his grand designto oust Spain andthe Spam'sh
interests from Spanish Sahara and trand'er
that desert territoryto KingHsuanof Moroc-
co. The massive deliveriesoftanksandaireraft
to Morocco. arranged by Kissinp'earlier this
year, were part of that scheme.

What we donot knowisthefatedtlre
American air and sea beam in Spain when
Kissinger‘s game of kniﬁng that counry
develops further.

NEW WAIVER POLICY

November 19. 1875

l

sy asap-haunt _

yonknowmﬂju‘don't msnnthssameitusedto. like, exactly what is aniggerthese days'la
dsnmd ll  ’ ' _ r

, 'ﬁdtohadﬁwhnanddwﬂendneek bookie nigprwouldcall an of blackrusty trigger

- ni'andtlmigprwoddwsmtokillldmlnowndaysthe niggermightsmile, but still want to

Ill la'nr.‘or nmybethe a”: world. . .Ina i sure can't ﬁgure out why. to me beings nigger is
Mrmlmdbddaevaybodfsdoingitl " -

rigarcan beanendesringword. a word of love and affection. like. that's my nigger, spoke by
a rig: person abom Hs/her rn'gpr frlend, love. even whifolks be called nigger in this respect,
why i heard a rim call is whide friend the other day. said, come here pretty nigger, and she
came. riggrs', dig thll

so what's in a name, a word? nigpr just ain't the same no more.

everytrue rim canseme discrimination. so, i guess many different kinds of folks qualiﬁes to
be nigger. one dude wrote a book about the ‘student as nigpr’. women to be treated like triggers
that makes black women double niggersl). hitler killed jews the way the kkk killed niggers
(they both world have killed more if they could). (its rumored that the russians treat their own
i people like aim in many respects.) guess a lot of kitchen treated like niggers to one degree
or another; so what's in a name if so many qualiﬁes?

tla's sunya riggr writes about how black triggers can play basketball better than white triggers
(they can leap ligber, run faster, and leap short honkies with a single bound!) and how white
rig’rs got all the power and won't share it with the black and hispanic triggers. and it can go,
dot: go, on an on, a whole lot of niggerly (niggerish? niggardly?) games.
militantblackriggrs call whiliberalniggers nigger pretenders, and whiniggers call them nigger
lovers. conservative triggers are cold and callous reactionary triggers. blackniggers have
poorniggers and bourgeoisniggers. and if you happen to be a
blackcommunistmarxistleninistmaotsctungthoughtnigger, then you‘ll even see
petitbourgeoisniggers, pseudobourgeoisniggers, opportunistniggers, and even
I h , .. I I. I. ' H I . 9))“ c ' ‘ yrriggcrn. and
wlut the hell does all the nigyrmantim mean except who can string the most niggerwords
toytber before having to take another breath.

nigpr means so many different things to so many different people that. perhaps, maybe the
word ought best be banned from the human language. then maybe the people we characterize
and atalogue without knowing, maybe we can begin to know and appreciate them a little more.
simplistic you say! true enough. but as a nigger. i've seen most of them kinds of niggers, and
then some, and anyone of them nigprs. or whatever terminology you use, everyone of them
was a real person underneath the label or veneer. i'vej ust found that its better to deal with people
as individuals, as people, and not as an entity to stack in a pigeon hole and to be forgotten into
eterll'ty. and ifand when you come across the inevitable, someone you can't deal with, then move
along.

however, my diatribe on nouveauniggerisms will probably not improve society one iota. but
my prn'rl is dear and should be heeded by all various and multifarious niggers: gel beneath the
surface to the usessce of people; otherwise you'll stay on the surface of yoursef/I

well, i'Il always be a nigp', cuz beings nigger is cool for me. bye now. i‘m gonna go dig on
some stanley darke. you know, that sure is some bass playing nigger! goddamn! evenjerry ford

 

Introduced by: Internal Affairs Committee

It is hereby proposed that the following be enacted:

1. That students who apply and fit into at lenat one of the following
categories be granted automatic waivers of their student activity
assessment:

a work more than 35 hours per week, in a non-credit capacity.
b. live more than a 30 mile radius from campus

2. That ldocumcntatlon be mandatory for automatic waivers in the
following form:

statement from employer (or other. if applicable) lilting the hours
worked by the student per week.

3.l That students will be considered for a waiver based upon financial
need according to the following:

Students with files in the Financial Aide Office and International
Students Office will mandatome have their applications reviewed by
both the Student Activity Assessment committee and the Financial Aid
Office or international Students Office. with the final decision being
made by the Student Activity Assessment Committee.

4. That the Student Activity AaaeaamentCommlttoe may waive the stu-
dent activity asaaaement to an individual who partially fulfills more
than one of the above qualifications.

5. That only applications filed within two weeks after the start of the
semester or two weeks after the due date of the bill, whichever is later.
will be considered by the committee. Retroactive waivers will only be
reviewed if the committee determines that unusual circumstances
prevented the applicant from filing within the specified time.

6. That students may apply and be granted waiversfor only one semester
at a time.

'7. That ltudentn withdrawing ordlnmiaaed from school will have their

students activity uses-meat fee waived-refunded according to the

following schedule:

before the end of drop-add week full refund 2-4 weeks from first day of
semester.

5-8 weeks from first day ofsnmonter 112
9-18 weeks from first day of semester Ild
after 12 weeks from first day of semester—no refund

8. That all previous waiver policies are hereby revoked.

9. That if a student has already been granted a full waiver-I for the spr-
ing 1978 semester. hd she shall retain that waiver.

qualifies to be a nigger. what's this world coming to? i just don't know. . .

THE SECOND BEST SOLUTION FOR GETTING
MORE NOURISHMENT IN YOUR RELATIONSHIPS
AND A CAREER

The best solution is to be born again. Then you’d be free of the old
teaching and programming that keeps you from being in harmony
_ with your environment.

The second best solution is the Self-Management System, a
creative integration of Gestalt, Psychosynthesis and other personal
growth sciences. It’s particularly relevant today, because no srngle
discipline holds the key to a wide spectrum of personal dilemmas:
“How can I get a competitive edge in the job market?” “How can I
shrink the negativity in my personal relationships to a manageable
size?" “How do I become my own person, not the person others

- want me to be?" “How can I feel at home with the Human
community?“

These concerns are explored in the “Journal of Self
Management.” Yet this monthly is more than new communication,
problem-solving and life-planning insights. It can be a letting-go
EXPERIENCE IN WHICH YOU QUESTION ALL BELIEF
SYSTEMS (including Self Management and traditional economic
and political philosophies) and begin designing your own way of
being in the world.

Editor John Zeigler teaches The New Communication at The
New School for Social Research, is a seminar leader at Esalen
Institute, and is a consultant on the newer techniques of
psychotherapy to the National Institute of Mental Health.

The “Journal” adventurously celebrates and savors life with
imagination. Wit. Style. Vitality. Thoughtfulness. And love. Write
or call today.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10. That this bill shall take effect with the spring 1m billing, upon ap-
proval in accord with the Conatltutton.

funded by student aaaoclation

| Sam e: smo before January Hill!) off regular 53.00cost). “Journal of Self Management", Dept. AG,
55 .44th SI., NYC "1136. Free literature upon request. Workshops forming January I. (212)697-I454.

Name

 

Please Print

 

City. State, Zp

I
I
I
I
I
Phone |
I
I
I
J

 

Business

L____..__-_.._..._.....__________..-

 

PAGE TWELVE

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS'

DECEMBER 9, 1975

 

 

 

by Bob Wong
Daniel Nagrin appeared in

A People’s Dancer

predates the Civil War. Its name is derived
dance from its main action, that ofa man carryinga

um Igfmcsbeﬂnd" ,tﬁsndtheflam ‘
,mmum-mmcmn
Thetﬂrddsnce; ofthljssstwsssllndy-
MMnNn'l'nprovldsd‘ ' uwitha" _”
{m uhThUndywlmoupoptdltdm

ing ill Depruion.’ A dance: meant far 

camsheljndy:wasmalecentered:hslsd.~ -
she follmd lie. comm“ this with tlﬂ j

freewheeling female movements in the
\ Charleston. ' '

The second part of the show consisted of
Nagrin‘s own choreography. 'He opened th'n
part by renrnrking that jazz music and so jau
dance is a black art. It was the black man who
invented it. It was the white man who ccpiedit
and made it popular. In the process of making
jazz popular and‘himself rich, the white man

. made it palatable.

The ﬁrst datrce of this section was entitled
“Strange Hero." The white background
chanyd to a bright scarlet. Hagrin entered,
his siloudte moving across the floor in long
strides. As the cross lighting com up we see
him in a gray business suit, smoking cigarettes.
acting cool. He performs all the functions thﬂ
a hero might on TV. He encounters an adver-
sary, draws his gun. is knocked down, shot,
and lhcn, saluting his victor, falls, the music
fading as he does.

chl was “Man of Action,” music by J. Mc-

Coy as interpreted by Count Basic. This time
wearing a hat and raincoat, Nagrin pokes fun
at modern man. Nagrin says it symbolizes the
plight of the “urban man having to be in more
than one place at one time.”

“Bop Man," the next dance work,

characterized Jazz Changes. All of Nagrin's ‘

seleaiom were based on jazz music. In this
work it seemed as if the music was being
produced with every move that Nagrin ex-
ecuted. This point was evident at the end when

Nagrin placed his ﬁnger on an imaginary 1

keyboard to sound the last note.
The last dance of the evening was a tribute
to composer Cecil Taylor. Having admired

retrospective called Jazz Changer last Friday
night, December 5. It was not your usual
dance preformancc. It was one man; a dancer
speaking to and dancing for an audience. He
explained to the audience his philosophy: “I
don’t do dancer‘s dancing, I do people‘s dan-
~cing" . .

The program was divided into Iwc parts. In

the ﬁrst section he performed three selections:

the Cakewalk, the Charleston :rndthc Lindy.

None of these dances were original in their
own right. It was the frame of mind that
Nagrin provided that sparkled and enter-

czrkc. Nagrin said, in an attempt to parodythe Taylor's music, Nagrin had him as both com- v

white slave owncr‘s style of dance, the black
slaves invented the Cakewalk.

cht Nagrin performed the Charleston. It
was a fine example of precise execution that
stemmed from three decadts of dancing. After
this dance Nagrin called for the hot’nelighti.
He then asked the audience to help him. He
explained that he usually feels uncomfortable
dancing this piece. Yet of all the dances he
f nds himself practicing this one the most. He

poser and subject for this Work. Taylor‘s music
was dissonant in nature as was the dance.
Wearing a mask portraying Cecil Taylor that
hid all facial expression. the dance seemed to
resemble a Greek Tragedy. The culmination of
this point was apparent in thcﬁnal series of ac-
tions as Nagrin removed the mask toconfront
it and perhaps himself.

This one man dance retrospective was as un-
iquc as any one man can be. Considerthis: this

fcltthat the reason for this dissonance andthe dancer is both performer and interpreter of
subsequent amount of practice was due to his dance. He is in a sense much like our Urbanite

choiceesn bsthougbt out;

was

The answer would seem to be in the nature
of jazz itsell‘. Jazz is largely improvisational,
hard work and sweat creates the art that
appears to flow effortlessly out at just the right
moment in both music and dance.

There would seem to be a moral in this
philosophy of versatility. Nagrin said t his after
the performance. “There existed the possibili-
ty for me to change the show at anytime, ifthe
opportunity presented itself. But it didn‘t, sol

 

taincd. The ﬁrst dance, the Cakewalk.
The Classical Forum'

Cretan Fantasies-

 

The most recent Alice-in-
Wondcrlund archaeological lllcory
is a new interpretation of the “Mi-
noun" palaces of Bronze Age Crete
and especially of the rcputcd palace
of King Minos himself at Knows,
which was excavated by Sir Arthur
Evans at the beginning of this cen-
tury. Hnns chrg Wundcrlich. u
professor of geology at Siutlgord
University, has written 21 book. The
Svrre! of Crow (Mucmillnn. I974).
He argues that all these "palaces," as
well asthe lesser villas that have been
found scattered about the Cretan
countryside, were actually mortuary
buildings, in which the dead were
cmbulmed and buried above ground.
Among the many defects of
Wundcrlich‘s thesis on: his
numerous errors of simple fact, in
direct contradiction (and
presumably ignorance) of
archaeological evidence. More
serious are [he inconsistencies and
logical fallacies of his arguments and
his inability or unwillingness to con-
sider the further consequences of his
conclusions.

Knossos is famous in Greek
legend as the site of the labyrinth
built by Dnidalos for King Minos us
a corral for the monstrous
Minotaur. It was designed as a
bewildering maze, in order to keep
the Minotaur—and his victims—-

 

Limm escaping; hence the use of the

DECEMBER 9, 1975

word by the classical Greeks (and by
us) In describe any mine-like struc-
lurc. Sir Arthur urgucdconvi ncingly
that the labyrinth was based on
vuguc folk-memories of thc was! and
rulhcr cmuplicutcd layout of the
Bron/c Agc palace itself.
Wundcrlicll believes lhul lhc dark
and gloomy aspect of the legend

quml for “the point of ham." Ill

derives from the function of the r V

building as a burial place. He argues
that virtually all of Minoan material
culture as presently knownis simply
the paraphernalia of an elaborate
cult of the dead. The “palaces,”
notwithstanding their multiple
stories, are too ﬂimsy andephcmcral
in their construction to have served
as real residences for the living Mi-
noan pottery and other artifacts also
belong to a “sham” world in which
objects of evcrday use were
rcprcscnlcd by beautiful but un-
substunliul imitations that were ado
quote for use only by the dead. The
originals, for use by the living have
yet to be faund after 75 years of ex-
ploration in Crete.

Although the Egyptians are
famous as sntiquily‘s master em-
balmch of the dead it was really the
Minoans who did most of it for
them. On the other hand, the
Minouns borrowed from Egypt the
idea of above-ground “labyri nths“ as
bun'nl places.

Herc Wunderlich commits one

The ulna of the place of Illnoa. located at Knossos.

ofhis worst fallacies The Minoans,
in borrowing from the Egyptians.
evidently misunderstood the whole
idea: the Egyptians lavished much of
their wealth and effort on providing
their dead with homes for eternity,
building their tombs of massive,
stone construdion and ﬁlling them
with real, substantial objects that
had actually been usedin life—all of

in‘Man ofAtaion.” He must be two people at

which is entirely consistent with the
permanence of embalming.

The Minoans, on the other hand,
who supposedly developed the
technique of embalming in the ﬁrst
place, provided ﬂimsy grave goods
for the dead and housed them in
toothpick palaces that were doomed
to collapse in a hundred years on the
well-preserved heads of their oc-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

didn‘t'.‘

cupants. We might also note here
that in any event a house forthedead
must be as solid and "real" it struc-
ture as a house for the livng.

Our purpose here has been to ll- 1
lustrate some of the ﬂaws in
Wunderlich's arguments and to
warn the reader against taking his
fantasties seriously (does he himself
really mean them seriouslyll). J

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

