 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   

Admission
students,faculty and staff.

' 0 pieces.- Jane Kosrn .
Bruce Becker are the two artists who
hate this dance company—two
people dancing live pieces—the Five'
by Two Dance Company.

These ttvo dancers performed at
the SUNYA Performing Arts Center
this past weekend. an event spon-p

   
  

. sored by the SUNYA Dance Coun-

oil. I- attended their Demonstration
and Lecture on Friday night and
their .performance on Saturday

 night.

At the Lecture-Demonstration.
they explained how they got started.
lecker and Kosminsky worked

; together when theyattendedthe Per-
; forming Arts High School in‘New

York City. and both went on to
Julliard School of Dance. Becker
went from there to Broadway and,

. then to the Ba'at Sheba Dance Com-

pany in Israel. Kosminsky went to
the Paul Taylor Dance Company for
iix years. dancing in Pans. and

- through Asia and Europe. She then

returned'to .Iulliard to teach, where
she and Becker met again and. “over

I a cup of coffee." asthey claim. form-

ed the Five by 'l‘wo company. That
was over three years ago. and they
are now becoming a well-known
company in the United States.
During the lecture. they
demonstrated the differences

Fall ' Pow-Wow

will be held at Mohawk Campus on
Saturday, October 25. Sponsored by the
Mohawk Staff, this “after-thc-game” event
v‘vill be held from 8:00PM to 1:00AM.
I is] free to all _Univer'srty

 

movements.“  ‘ . - p r
‘ At the performance. one could see 7
that the above statements Were not,

just talk. Each piece was an entity ' ‘

unto itself. The" ﬁrst wasa duet,

danced to-the “Largo” of Haydn‘s'
Scrian it :7.ln swirl-printed leotards,

Becker and'Kosminsky Were a duet
of ﬂowing motion that had the
audience enraptured. Not a sound
issued from the audience as all eyes"
were glued to the pair. moving as one
unit. almost never out of contact.

The same was true for the solo
piece. Negro Spirituuls. danced. by
Becker. The two words that crossed
my mind while watching him were
“masculine evergy.“v There was
something indescribany forcefulin
this over-all-and-workshin-clad
man. His bodymovingin almostim-
possible twists. his ﬂights through
the air and his descriptive face all
lent themselves to describingthejoys
and horrors of being Black and a
slave. all danced to six familiar
spirituals.

By far. the most dazzling was the
third piece. Suite Richard.
choreographed by Becker to court
and ceremonial music of the |5th
and l6th centuries. Becker portrays
‘ Richard III and Kosminsky is Lady
Anne. 'l‘he thrilling cape-work
within the dance enhancedthc enjoy-
ment of the intricate patterns ofthis

 
 
  
  

  
     

     

   
    
 
 

Jane Koemlnelty and Bruce Becker demonstrate the talents that have
brought them wide recognition in the three-year hletory oi the 5:!
dance company.

piece. Anne is killed by Richard and.
donning his coronet and red cape. he
carries Anne offstage.

The next piece was Kosminsky‘s
solo. called Song, with music by
Mahler. it was here that I realized
that one can tell the differences
between two dancers in the solo
pieces they do. Where Becker had
"‘musculine energy." Kosminsky had
a supple. lyric quality to her
movements. reminiscent of Roman—
tic music. Her movements were not
as much energetic as languid and
ﬂowing. -

The final piece was a light piece.
one of the things they like to do to
end it program because it is comic.

and because it requires less of their
bodies than the previous pieces. This
one was A Cold Sunday Afternoon:
A Little Later. ln pajamas and
blankets. this dance was a story of
two people together on a cold after-
noon. and how they play to keep
warm. It was danced witha lightness
and comic ﬂair not show before. The
audience loved it and loved them.
These twu people are charming.
personable and two of the best
dancers l have seen in a while.
Perfectly attuned to each other. they
ﬂow and move in perfect unison. If
they come to this area again. makeit
a point to see the Five by 'I‘WoDancc
Companyzthcy‘rc well worth it.

 

Folk singers Roger and Gloria Weiss are
scheduled for the Long House and planned
outdoor events include a ' bonﬁre and
hayrides. Refreshments. including beer. Will
be or sale. .

So c’mon out to

bring. your guit
Mohawk

are at I.

Mohawk Campus and
at if you wish. Directions to
he Campus Center
Information Desk. Just ask‘for a Mohawk
Campus brochure.

Nominations and ‘

Elections for

CLASSOF 1979

Executive Committee will
be held on October 28

at 9PM in the
CC Assembly Hall.

or vote.

Any dues-paying Freshman may run

Refreshments will be served.

 

' It Nartlrw .‘tum rt In an. lwyardttumrtght again. mllctum
MI a" {Minorthan Mllrandyourtherel

PAGE TEN

 

 

v' . ALBANY STUDENT Paass

Funded by SA and Class of 1979

 

 

J

OCTOBER 21, 1975

 

by Jill Shepherd I - 

How‘s your feminist consciousness? How aware are you? These questions are directed not only
to the women students at SUNYA. but to anyone who has any contact with this campus and the
real world. Most people are aware of obvious sexist or anti-women situations. such as rape or job
discrimination. But how sensitive are you to the more subtle (and potentially more dangerous)
forms of sexism? How often do youﬁnd yourself being offended in your classes bythetextbooks.
by the professor’s remarks. by gradingvor other classroom procedures? A great many people
reading this article will agree; this campus has a problem—sexism in the t‘assroom. Now that
we‘ve agreed on‘this. where can you go for help?

The Feminist Alliance exists to serve the needs and further the interests of the women on this
campus. Based on our own experiences and on research done by the Women‘s Caucus last
semester. we decided that there was a need to form a student-oriented grievance committee to
deal with sexism on this campus.

This grievance committee now exists as a tangible agency. Our philosophy is simple: that
women have a right to education without hzlrussmcnt'due to prejudice or preconceived and
outdated notions of any differences between male and female students.

Most people at the university level are fairly enlightened about racial discrimination. They are
also vcry careful about milking what might be called “racist” remarks. This is because racial
minorities have been both vocal and militnnt in their protests against this kind of behavior. We
are borrowing these tactics from our brothers and sisters and are goingto deal with this problem
in a similar way.

Our gonls are twofold. The immediate goal is to deal with the grievances we rcccivc. We will
accept student—initialed complaints against faculty. administrators. counselors. security.
student-run agencies and anything else which affects the students on this campus. The only
criteria we set is that the charge be based on some form of sexism. We will accept and dcnl with
grievances from both male and female students. Through various nllittnccs that \vc have set up
around campus. we will try to persuade the offender to reconsider his or her bchuviornnd. u hcn
necessary. will trike thc strongest uction possible.

The long-term goal is this: based on the grievances we rcccivcund sortie rclcvnnt stittisticstlutt
wc huvc researched. we are going to print a booklet dealing with the sexist sit nation at SUNYA.
This booklet. containing the findings of our ycur's work. will tell incotning students what they
can expect to lind here with certain professors and in certain situtttions. This booklet will be
made available at pro-registration and freshmen orientations starting at the end of this ycnr.

Now. what do you do if you wont to mukcn gricvrrltcc‘lsimply pick up u gricvuncc form. [hey
are available in the Campus Center lobby. tower offices. through the women‘s studies
department and in lltunonitics .154. Fill out the form. bcingus specific as possible. Write your
nttmc and phone number (in order to protch ourselves from prucliculjokcrs.) We cannot net on
anonymous complaints. I‘ttlti the shch in thirds and drop in on-cnmpus mnil. Iicforc n few weeks
go by. you will he personally contnctcd by a member of the committee. and together We will
decide on the best way to deal with the complaint.

 

l’WSUA NIGHT”

640 AM
at the

wﬂiathakcllcr lﬂtth

(alumnus (112nm)

t "DiSCO”—”OLDIES”
“SOUL”—”ROCK”

 "BLUES"—”JAZZ”

l “COUNTRYFOLK”

YOUR FAVORITE DJ’S AT THE HELM
g ERIC OSBORNE
PAT McGlYNN

as!“ iRathakrller iﬂnh

ALL YOUR- FAVORITE
MIXED DRINKS
AT OUR LOW-LOW PRICES

  

orb

2%

MILLER HIGH LIFE
CENESEE CREAM-ALE
BUDWEISER BEER

’

.1"

    
 

 

   

Small 25‘ Large 40‘
ITALIAN
VEAL & PEPPERS NEW YORK STYLE
GRINDERS SOFT PRETZELS
ONLY 55' JUST A NICKLE (5')

WALL nus uvr -
allocating. (heather 23o

 

 

 

k J

   
      
   

by Keri Wu  I w

“From the mouths of babes. . .” starts the saying. and‘in V
youth. have succeeded where countless politicians and bankers have In
save New York City from its financial woes. . _ 

I‘ve transcended all the little dinky ‘ﬂoat bonds and cut e‘xpe‘nse‘s‘ remedies. and h
right to the heart of the matter. No one in this country likes New Yorkers. This. pl
from the United States‘ comically illogical foreign policy. provide’sthe'ans'wer. I!
explain. let me give you the plan: ‘ ' I '; . »

. a mere college ‘
iled. I have the pie

 
  

Its sovereignty. and start doing all those things that countries do. Then. . . .
2) It should start to go Communist.

away countries. has decided against giving linancinl assistance to its Iargest'city. The only
recourse is for NYC to become one of those tccny-wceny countries.

citizen who doesn't live there has declared their non-concern with NYC‘s fate. They would all
greet with open arms a proposition that would get this prohlcrn plagued dist ricl‘out oftheir hair.
lhc’ referendum to allow NYC its independence would pass by a landslide.

NYC‘s Iirst few months its it country would be low key. We would send out diplomats and all
that junk. and do nothing out of the cxpcctcd. Until about it half year has past.

'l'ltcn NYC would announce that is has decided to rc-cvuluntc its politicalidcology. and is

get deluged by it“ sorts ol -i.rm.r. Cilch intent on beingthe one to sway this entity. which was once
the nerve center of the United States. over to iI.r wary of thinking. At first. the US would watch
bemused. but as NYC appeared more and more interested in thc othcr side ofthc curtain. that
smile would quickly fade. America would realize its mistake. but it would be too lzttc.

As the Russians start making their promises of financial and military hid. the US. not crazy
about the idea of having a Soviet military hnsc a half mile off its const. would make counter-
oll'crs. And these Americans. those people whoshunncd us in out moment of need. wuuld cross
the Hudson all smiles and handshakes. and would try to win our alliance.

Seeking an atmosphere of dctentc with out new sovcrcignty. the US will no doubt bestow a
couple of billion dollars on us. With probablya few more billion toshow howsorrythcy are. Not
only will this instantly wipe out NYC‘s cash ﬂow problem. but New York City will Immediately
become one of the wealthiest nations on this earth. We‘ll play the Russians and Americans
:tguinsl catch other to get all we can from them.

Ihcn. wuh this tremendous surplus of monies that we‘ll hnvc. we will start buying out the US.
As other major American cities near insolvency. NYC will stcpin lo lipr them out. ()stcnsibly
because "Wctmdcrsurntl your problem“. wc‘ll plow our money into those dollnr hungry citicsns
Inst us they Ilout titclr bonds. Anti in the not too distunt lulurc. NYC will own America.

And just wait until lItc) apply to m- Ior nid . . .

r n

COKTRIIC8PT90" C£9ii9C
Tim We on calling in uranium“:
SW49 October 27a. mama 3:00pm
Medan - Friday
A «woe omelet will handle questions
and maize your appet'uhttetd. Catt 457-37”

 

 

(

The best reputation now comes with the best price3

The Famous SCIENTIFIC CALCULATOR $  

Comparable to Texas Instrument SFi-SO
12 digits LED display - 8 digits mantissa
t 2 digits exponent + 2 digit signs
Scientific notation

2 levels of parenthetical operations

Full addressable memory
Factorial (X1)

Degree-Rddion mode Selections
Trig functions (sin - cos t tan ~
arccos - arctan)

Log Functions: (Log. Lo. 10" e")
Others: i/x, x, Y", +/—

- Comes complete with adaptor and re-
chargeable batteries.

, , 0 One year warranty on parts and services.
ngs Pomt sc'zo calcu'mor - Plus much more for your $49.95.

arcsin ~

 

 

 

 

 

____________________________ ._ _ ..
7:3" that—11:31] t1 .ttt. LEMco, 46 N. Central Avenue, Ramsey. N.J. 07446 Tel. (201) 327.7250
1:] Check D Money Order Nam”: ~
  CI Master Charge Address: .
Clinton at
1i.§.A.§trnnaurrh Eurnt Ems... ' _
NJ. residents add $2.50 sales tax. s'“"m“r°'_____.__...___
If not completely satisfied, return within 1.0 days tor prompt refund.
k LEMCO PAYS FOR SHIPPING AND INSURANCE. J

 

 

 

OCTOBER 2 1, 1975

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I) New York City should secede from the union. It should break eweyfrotn America.  t  3" '

Our nation. the country which is all the time whipping billions of dollars on tecny-weeny far *

It shouldn‘t be too difficult. Alreadythc president. congress. hnnkcrs. ttndjust about every US‘

interested in hearing socio-cconomic viewpoints other than capitalism. Immediately we would ~

PAGE ELEVEN;

 
       
 
     
   
    
    
    
      
        

 

 

 

   
  

a

 
 
 

y -M..
3km...» . ,- .

'WM

 

 

    
  
  

     
       
     

 

