 

3‘ ‘it a». ...«~r.r.-_tcmw_h__

trig me a song of Southern
'_;§Ialifomiae-sunny Southern
“Cal in the summertime, when
the winds blow and the women are
better looking than anywhere. Tourin
haven of the West Coast, Mecca of
rich and runaway alike, stomping
grOund of Hell's Angels and
, "Economy" rent7a-car dealers, whodo
a thriving trade in Rolls Royces.
Southern Califomia—horne of the
world tantous Disrteyland. Disneyland,

' the tlag bearer at Middle America, the

detenderot cteanlirtess and good taste
irt body and mind. America's only
legal hallucination.

Disneyland looked good to me that
morning last summer as my
Greyhound pulled into the small
Anaheim terminal, considering the
fact that anything looks good after a
long night on a Greyhound.Tossedmy
bags‘into a locker, a tab of LSD into my
mouth, an ounce of grass and some
clothes into a rucksack (in case a
young lady with a motel room should
fall victim to my charrns),and walked
over to the park. Disneyland——
monument to imagination and
creativity, as long as a buck can be
made off of them.

I firtished my third joint roughly a
hundred feet from the main gate, got
on line, paid my money, and passed
through those pearly gates.

My tab of acid told me that I was in
for quite an experience that day.
Before I left the park that night I found
myself inclined to agree.

Disneyland—4001 employees with
rancidly short hair and plastic smiles,
1001 security men (complete with
walkie talkies) dressed up as trees and
park benches, 100 1 people telling you
what to do before letting you on 'their'
rides.

The people who run the rides do so
with an air of parental condescension,
and afterthey've told you where to line
up, how to line up, how and when to
boa to, and after strapping you in, even
if you'd rather be imaginative and fly
without a belt, you just don't feel like
going on the goddamned ride
anymore. "We'll be nice to you tourists,
but it you don't do things OUR WAY
we'll scream for the brain police."

Disneyland—home of Tom Sawyer's
Island. I said to my friend Acid, "What
better place is there to smoke another
joint than on that secret hideaway
island? I'll bet that's what 01' Tom used
it for!"

However, there are some drawbacks
togetting high on Tom Sawyer's Island.
Firstofl, every single spoton that island
where you could possible hide ouland
smoke is labelled with an enormous
sign, Secret Hideout—and all of a
sudden there are a million kids
mnning around and hiding out. The
security men dress like mounted
policemen without their mounts, and
cast suspicious glances at everyone.
They certainly rubbed Acid the wrong
way, and he in turn caused them to
appear odder than they already did.
And that was a pretty tough job, even
for Acid.

Stoned and tripping, l bopped into
the john, locked myself in, and rolled a
few joints, still hoping to find some
place to smoke. Acid just laughed at
me, and made the entire john tremble

with the force of his laughter.

Some little kids started knocking on
the door . . .

j, 

' bragging...  ..

“Hey! Come outta there awready,
willyat!" - _
“In a minute, OK, in a minute."

Out on the island again. Where can I '

smoke? Nowhere.

So I jumped onto the Skyride. Where
else? '

The rest of the day slipped by, and I
slipped along with it. In order to
increase the intensity of my trip I didn't
eat anything the day before, nor did I
eat much during my trip. I watched a
lot of bald-headed Marines hupping
through my field-of-view. They all
looked like pure, thoroughbred
American Youth, the kind you'd
expect to see in Disneyland. Acid,
however, turned each one of them into
Dennis the Menace. Iwatched a 'rock'
band that was so horribly clean-cut it
made me 'want to cry.Acid told me that
when their gig at Disneyland ended,
each of them would resume his regular
job of pledging allegiance, full time.

Anyway, my debut wasn't
scheduled until after sunset.

Disneyland at night, all lit up and
sparkling. Me and Acid hanging out,
watching the girls go by. Acid showed
me a trick of his, in which he turned
beautiful girls into hideous witches,
and plain girls into sensuousdemons.

"Cut that out, Acid. How'm I
supposed to know who to try and pick
up?"

But Acid just laughed and said that I
didn't know the difference between
beauty and ugliness, anyway.

And then it came. I was standing in
the middle of some cowboy town when
all.ol a sudden the Marshall walked
over to me. He was, as you'd suspect,
tall, blonds-haired and broad
shouldered, not to mention clean
shaven to the point of not even having
a hint of a nub on his face. He smelled
as if he'd squeezed the essential oils
out of an apple pie and into his cologne
bottle.

“Did you come in here with that
iacket?", he asked in his best Randolf
Scott voice.The Marshall was referring
to my denim jacket, copiously
decorated with colortul patches, none
of which Mickey Mouse would ever be
seen with. Among others, there was a
"Legalize Pot" patch on my arm, a
large round patch on my back
picturing a pot plant with "Mary lane"
inscribed above it, and one that read
"Fuck For Peace" cleverly designed so
that "Fuck" was made to look like a
dove, hung on another arm. A patch
featuring a rooster‘wearing a super-
sult and cape, flexing his muscles and
looking real determined, read, “Super
Cock," and was prominently displayed
on my front pocket. I was the very
picture of patriotism.

Actually, I hadn’t exactlyan the ‘

jacket on my way into the park, but he
didn't know that . . .

“Of course I came in here with it.
What's wrong with it?"

“It's in violation of our dress
regulations. Those patches don't
belong in a family place like
Disneyland. You'll have to come with
me."

"Where are we going?"

'To the Security Office."

And that's where it hit me. I wouldn't
have minded if he'd asked me to
simply take the jacket off. But the
SECURITY OFFICE! Shit! If he could

take me there then I'd probably get,

searched, and I knew what would be
found. But how could he do this?
Dragging me in and interrogating me

‘for dressing wrong?l Could that be

done in America now? Nixon was still
President, then, so one could never be
too sure when the Bill of Rights would
be outlawed. But DRESSING
WRONG?

Anyway, I couldn't talk little
Himmler out of it. 01' Acid couldn't,

either. So it was off to Security for the -

both of us. My escort didn't know Acid
was with me, and the road to
interrogation certainly pissed Acid off.
All during our walk, Acid did his
utmost to make me obstinatrt .. .

"Walk ahead of me, please," the
Marshall always gave orders.

"Why can't I walk next to you?"

"lust keep on walking, will you.
Follow the beam of my flashlight."

"What flashlight?"

"Turn right, up ahead there."

"Which way?"

“I said right!"

"Turn right where?"

"Will you keep walking!"

"I still don't understand why you're
taking me it."

"We'll talk about it when we get
there."

"Where'd you get those cowboy
boots?"

"Why do you keep putting your
hand in your pocket, there?"

"Well, you see, I like to play with
myself."

The Security Office, housed in a
menacingly‘low-slung building that is
hidden away from the usual, luxury
model tourist. I certainly wasn't
travelling first class,though. And for all
Iknow, that was the reason [was being
taken in.

Hustled into a back office, I faced my
interrogator. There he stood—short, lat,
sinisterly bald, and without even a
trace of oil on his skin. Indeed a
staunch, upright, citizen-omthe-go. I
sat down, and Broderick Crawford
proceeded to ask me the usual where-
do-youcome-trom-and-how-did-you-
get-heto questions. He 'tuICl me that I
was in violation of the dress code, and
that it lwanted to stay in Disneyland id
have to put my jacket in a locker just

outside the main gate. He firmly
informed 'me that Disneyland was
PRIVATE PROPERTY, and that I was
just being ALLOWED to use the
facilities. Whe l causually brought up
the fact that I happened to have paid to
get in, he shrugged me off and said that
it didn't matter.

Broderick then askedlme if I'd been
drinking, but before he could finish his
question lgot up and breathed a long
one right into his unscrupulously ugly
face. The stagnant breath of two days'
fasting and a day's tripping nearly
knocked the old storm trooper out of
his chair. It even made oil ooze out of
his skin. Obviously I hadn't been
drinking. I sat down again, but my
stoned-out shape had begun to take its
toll on me. I sat'on the edge of the chair
and trembled a bit. Acid apparently
brought along his friend, Speed.

Baldy asked me, suspiciously, why I
was trembling. I thought fast, and told
him poirtt blank that I had never
encountered his breed of prejudice
before, and that I was afraid' he had
something up his sleeve. Something
like an ax handle. But he just smiled,
and assured me, in a fatherly way, that
political buttons of any kind, even
Nixon buttons, were banned from
Disneyland. l pegged that one as a
lame attempt on his part to keep me
from picking up his phone and dialing
the local American Civil Liberties
Union.

Anyway, after some more verbal
ping pong, skin head told me that the
half-wit who brought me to his otfice
would now show me the way to the
lockersuAs l rose to leave, though,
Broderick made a swift grab at my
mcksack, and asked me very seriously
it I had any knives or guns in there. I
picked up my jacket and proudly
asserted that the patches on it should
suggest pacifism, if anything. He
stated at my pot patches, and said
solemnly, "I hope you don't believe in
this, uh, Marijuana. You know its
possession is a felony in California." I
looked him right in his fat eye and told
him that when one travels, one does
not bring along drugs.

And I left.

Outside the main gate I saw a few
surly Anaheim policemen attd a
couple of Disneyland officials,
standing around. I walked over to
them, and politely asked where I could
secure a copy of Disneyland's dress
rules tormyselt. All thetrheads turned
and stated at me at once, hungrily.
One of them asked tne, coldly, why I
wanted a copy. I told him Iwanted it for
a souvenir. One of the cops said I
should look around and see for ntyseli
what everyone else was wearing. But it
was the Disneyland official who told
me, smugly, that the code "isn't down
in writing."

Hail to you, O'Dlsneyland—land
where one can visit the American
Propaganda Pavillion (bankrolled by
some multi-million dollar corporation)
and be surrounded by a circle of
impressive movie screens depicting
the greatness of our nation, with
emphasis placed on our Constitution
and Bill of Rights. Then, one can drop
into the new, "Life on Walt Disney"
attraction, and listen to the old man
himself, speaking from beyond the
grave, extol the virtues of imagination,
creativity, fantasy, and innovation.

And then you got busted for
violating an unwritten law, enforced at
whim, just because you happened to
exercise your own imagination,
creativity, Iantasy, and innovation.

Only in America.

 

PAGE 8?

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

APRIL 22, 1975

Wax in'the Ring

To the Editor:

At the risk of losing the election. my
campaign for SA President will have no
simplistic 'tVoIe/br Mc’ posters. There will be
no cutesy slogans, no toothigh letters spelling
my name, no ridiculous promises to triple
cvcrybody's budget. lnstcttd, I‘m going to try
the unconventional play of presenting my
views on various topics, its well its the CFIICI‘Iit l
weighed to arrive at those views. Some friends
have quietly told me l‘m crazyto try to do this.

ll'ccl lhavc the experience for tltcjuh. ()vcr
tltc ycttrs. I‘ve served its Fintmcc Cummittcc

W//,/// ///{/ r
y -*

('Ititirmtttt. SASU l)clcgtttc. Illll\L'i'.\ll)
Hcmttor. and Central Cuuncil Mctnltct (2
ycttrs). 'l'ttcrc ltttsn‘t hcctt it sigttiticttttt imit-
lIilII l huvcn‘t spokcn out on. With SASlt l
demonstratth in NYC tlglllllhl lIit.‘ liutntt ut
'l'rustcc's rttuttt rcnt hikc I1l'til)tt.\lll. l‘tc
lubbictl with legislators duwttttt tltct‘upuul tn
rcslurc SUNYA'S bttdgct. And “hull h group
tricd tugct iltcirbttdgci. pussctl by taking tt\t.‘|
the SA ofﬁce. | publicly spukc uttl tlgtllthl
lIltiSC lIil’L‘itl tactics. Nu uthcr ctttttlttltttc curt
stty Illttl.

livcrynttc has tltcir own \‘lcw 0| Itutt SA
should operate who should gct l'utttlctl. to
what extent, what priorities itrc. and till tIlill.
Ovcr tltc next week you will ﬁnd my ltIL'llh

available toryour reading pleasure. And if you
agree with my‘point of'vlcw. well. lhopc you‘ll
votc l'or mc.

Therc‘lt be no to” x 20" posters assaulting
you on every pillar you pass. All my literature
will be on small Xeroxcs.my campaign budget
shouldn't go over ten dollttrs. l have ncitttcr
the money nordcstrc to try to buy the election
with ‘prot'cssional' advertising.

Hopefully. when I gctdoncmo iongcrwill'l
didn‘t know ttnythittg about rtny of tltc
cttndidzttcs.’ hc itn excuse for not voting.

Kcn‘ thx

20th Century
Genocide

To the Editor:

With utnttzing rcgultu‘ity gcnttcidc ttus
t'cpctttcd itsclt~ throughout history. Despite all
ttdvztnccs in out civili/utiun. tltc twcnticth
ccntut'y must untortttttulcty be considered its
uttc of thirst must guilty of tltc crime of
gcttucitlc. Ill tlli effort to pt'cvcttt t'uturc
utructlics. :t tnttjur IlllCl‘llttllolltlI-Illlcl'lillllt
L'ttllIL'l‘L’liL‘L' Iiith ltccn ut'gutti/cd ttt cxplttrc how
lii\llllit|till\ cttn bccuntc tnut'c
tttturmcti untl \ll'llllgcl tlctct't'cnts to mam
\tttlcttcc.

:\|i| II 31-35. 1975. muttts tltc tlttys in which
tltc l‘ttttctl \tttittlh \ttlt ltust it ('uttycntiutt un
(icnucttlctuttl ltuttutn Rights. lhclltcmcttitl
ltc "Rcltgtun‘x Rulc it! u \'iulcttt tht‘ltl."
Sptilistth lllt‘ItliIL'. tltc .‘\llllt.'lllilil ('hut'ch uf’
/\lliL'l’|L'tt. I‘lislUlll tttttl \t'cstcrtt liiuccscs:
’\It.'lltllt\L'C\L' ul tht- (it'cck Orthodox Church
ut \utth tIIitI Suttth Amcttctt; t‘nitcd Snitch
('ttthultt' (' vttlct’cttcc. licpl. ttl Sttuiitl
l)c\clupntcnt tttttl \\‘utltl l’cucc; Atttct‘icun
.IL'\\l\Il t'utttttttttcc. lulctt'cligiuus '\IIlIll'>
licpt.. I‘IllilllL' ('cutct ul \\'ttstttnglutt. l).('.;
\ttttnnulfttttttctl ut ('Itttt’cltcsut ('hrtst ttl tltc
I .5.»\.. t .S (’uttictcttcc ul tltc \\'utltl
f tilillL'II ttl (IlliIL‘ItC\. tltc ttbjcctncs ul 'thc

rcllgtuus

t‘uttlctcnt‘c tltc .t tcttctt ttt tltc t'cttltttcs til it
\turttl ut pluralistic httL‘lL'ltCn llltll iltCl'L‘tlhIllgI)‘
brcctl muss cuntltct hiltlllllttlth illid tut
tttcutittcuttun ul cutttmutt gttttis lut' l‘CIIglOlIS
institutions so IIltll tltc) ztt'c bcttct' ilhIL' ttt dcttl
\\|lIl mam \tutcttcc Ill tltc Ililtll’t‘. I'ltc
L‘tiliIL‘l'L'ilCL' u. it! tiltscl'HlllL'L' ul tltc (ttttlt

On Grades and Competition

by Denis Leslty

“I‘m sick and tired of tryittg tu pICtlSC titut
goddzitttncd professor. l‘vc hccn working my
litII ot't' ttyittg to get an ‘A‘ in his com-5c llIttI i
just can‘t do it. The grildlllg systcnt itt lIllh
scltttol is terrible. The pcttplc IlL“ ttrc i'ltl‘ttils.
livingund brcttttting tltclt' cuurscsjust to try to
burn out tltc other gtty. 'l his cuntpcttttun IN
ttbsurd. ljust ctut‘t lttkc tltc Pl'cnﬁlll‘t’itll)’llltllc.
\Vliill um I Icut‘ning ltct‘c'.’ ltlmt‘t \tttttl ttt bc u
mhul. Why don‘t tltcy lht'utv illcsc .xlupttl
gruch tthty turd givc us it pusHutl \hlL‘ltt'
't'ttctt \vc‘ll scc rcitl cducnttun.“

lltut's iltl itttcrcsting qllL‘slIttlt. Why don‘t
we use it puss-lull gt'tttltng systcm :tt lllt:
university lcvct'! Suppmctlty wc ill'L‘ tlll IlL'l’L‘ ul
uttt own ilL‘CUl‘tI sulcly tut lllL' ptttptm nt
tcrtruhtg. Why tltcn tlu wc llL‘L’tI grittlcs‘.’ II“:
University impuxcd tt curttplctc puwtult
granting systcnt l'ur l't‘cstttttctt untl supttutttutc.»
1| ICW ycttt's buck. Nuw. uttcc :tgmtt. hltitIL'tlls
ttt'c iiiWilchy competing with uttc intuthct tu
thItlch tltc highct' grudc. Wilttl httppcttcd'.’
Why did tltc tnujot'ily uf students stttltlcuiy
clttutgc their vicws'.’

lu utmvct‘ lIlI.\ qucsttuu. Ullt.‘ Illtlsl lust
rcttli/c it lcw ul tltc l\\lhIL‘tI \tlItlrh “litL'll titli
aucicty hits cltttsctt tu cutttlittutt [It Is.
Atttut'icutts rtrc ptubitbiy tItL‘ llittni t‘tllllpt‘llih L'
People itt tltc wurltl. I‘\L‘i'}'tliliij'. ttt- tlu hm to
be reflected in some Mil'l ut Ittltlct'tttl gmu Wu
\Vurk over-tints tu pttckct it IItIIL' cxtnt rush
tllttt wcck; pct‘littpb we out put it tluttn-
tiilymcnt on iliiit thtith act wc‘vc hutl uttt cyt-
on. We work mud in schqu to gut guud
Etudes. tu gl‘lilttltiltl' sclttiul. llichc guud gt'mlch
ttrc t‘cwttrdcd tttt'uuglt [it'tllbL‘ liiill tttuyttc it
slight ittcrcttsc itt iItlil wcclttyttiluwtutcc. At tltc
university tcvcl. wc ltl'L‘ ulsu sucking l’UWltl'thL

APRIL 22, 1975

lItL'M.‘ l‘L‘\\‘t'll'tI.\ urc Ill tltc turnt ol bcttcr jubs
:titct grttdutttttttt, (in It) at school that bird tt
puss-hut gtutltng systcnt lttt' luttt' ycut‘s uttd
gt'utltuttc \\llli Ill) crcdtts ttl pttssing gt'tttlcs.
then go luuit tut tl tub. ()r ttcttcr ycl. ttpply tu
tuctltt'ztl school. .Itixl scc Ittt\\ fur you gct.
'\lit)lIlt.'i uttputtttnt itspcci ut tltc grudng
L'Itllllt|\L‘l\) ts Illlll ttl tttutmttttttt. IIU“ tttzttty
pcttplc Ill lIlt\ schqu tII'L' su highly mutttutctl
IIitti lItL'\ \HtliItI cuutmuc ttt tiu its much Will’h
tut u L'tltlt\L‘ ttltct it hits bcctt cttuttgctl ttunt
lltttIlllUlltlI gtutltug to :t pttss-lttil gl'lllllllg
\\ ~tctu"l \ L‘il tltmc \\ ttu til't.‘ m cuttttttcctl lIttlt
IIlL'\tIiL’1|llI_\IiclUltlICttllltIlltI\llet‘hUtIl)Cill'c
ltltlcltbuut IllL'll gtutlcxttuultl Itithl gl'ctti tlcttl
ul IIIL’li llltttl\t|lttilt \\ ltIl tltc ll'tttlllllllltll
gnufutg \Hlt‘llt, ttuttctct. uttc itltttt)> Ittln lIiill
Lflt\ tug tutt'clultc ttttttttutctl tlII lltctltttc. II \\c
\lltItIL‘llI\ tltttppctl tllL'L‘tillL‘lil gt'titltug xystcm.
ltutt ttttttty pcttplc \tuultl sill“: tttt’ pct'tct'ttun
utt thut |0-p.tgc pupct lttr "ll’L‘hIlllltlll ctttttp‘“!
ltt tltc buck ul Ill\ tttttttl tltc >IlItICIlI I\IIU\\\ thut
ItL' l\ L'tljtttIiIL‘ ul [Missing tltc crttlt‘sc \\ltlt wry
\Iitttlltl ltc .xlmc 0\L‘l'

llIIIL' cltutt. why
is .xu IL'lIltlllh tilttl

sulllL‘IIlllljl \\IllL'll ttc tint
timing"

I)C\[\llL‘ tltc Iltttlt) L'ttllljilllllllh “IIICII utt-
t'llllk'ltII\ ltctttg \iltL'L'tI ucmss cttltijttts, tltc
ntutg .\_\\lt.'lli I\ ltcrc tu stnt. (it
tlttllh ‘tlllll ltCL‘tIh tl\ lC\|\tttll\.
ttttg tuu tttttll) ul lltttst‘

I ttttctstly‘xgt‘.
L'Itlth' II hits ttst
I’llllll ll. \\L' itlL‘ lctttt
Innh \\Ill\'lt \\L‘ \u lct'tctttlj tlcsptsc ttt tltc
pit‘\|tttlh gcncrzutuu. on it
tttc us cutttpctttuc its tltc)
bucumc

tttctuht-rs ul tltc
\lltiIIlL’l “uttc. \tc
IIIt.‘ ItIL‘tl tltttt MtlllL‘lIIi) wt: ttttty
ttt ttltulish tlII gtttttutg

tttutt\.ttctl though
but htWICI)’ tun tt

\\\IL'llt.\ ts tlutttmg athuut;
4 Il tIt'tII ut cttuttgutg to do ticlttt'c such it
possibly Itc ittstitutctl. I'L‘l‘llttph
t‘Illiltgcs;li'sttttl'tlttl)’tttlt‘)’.

gtct
pttltt'y t'uttltl
\vt' t'tttt tttttltc tltcm.‘

anniversary of theArmcrti'an mammoth ‘

begun in t9l 5. but its relevance wttt extend to.
mankind as it Whats.
On April 24. ms. the reactionary Turkish

government began the genocide by arresting ,
und executing four hundred Armenian .

leaders-intellectuals. clcrgymcn. doctors.
lawyers, writers. professors. etc—in tstsnbut.
Subsequently, one community after another
throughout csstcrn Anatolia was deported
and populations massacred. All in all. a
million and it htttt' Armenians perished during
this first genocide of the twentieth century.

Genocide is an unpleasant reality. but it is
only through an awareness of the causes of it
than \vc can prevent its recurrence in future
generations. in order to incrcttsc the
awareness of the gcncrrtl university
community ill Albttny. tltc Armcnittn Student
Association is honored to prcscnt Dr. Vultttkn
Dttdrittn. l’rol'cssor ol~ Sociology at SUNY at
(icncscu ttnd an internationally respected
tlltlltm‘il)’ 0n gcnucidc. to Speak on “(icnocjdc
in tltc 2(ttlt Century.“ The presentation. on
April 2801. 8:00 p.m.. LC 3. will include it
deﬁnition of genocide. tt compurlsun ot' the
various cttscs of mass violcncc in the 20th
cctttury. it summary of tltc U.N. cunt'crcncc.
and u qucstiun-unswct' pct'ittd. A t'cccptlun
“I” follow.

Armcnittn Studcttt Association

' Classroom»

To the Editor: , . ' _

l have readthe scurrilous attack made upon
SUNYA by err-SUNYA English Professor
Curtis Smith who berstes the . English
Department for neglecting undergraduate
education in favor of“ graduate students.
Nonsense! Anyone who has taken courses in
either the MA. program or ' the Ph.D.
program knoWs how low the level of graduate
education is at this institution! There aren't
more than two courses in either program
which are worth the graduate student's time or
money. t

--On the other hand. when the graduate level
courses were open to undergraduates as well.
they provid ed first-rate undergraduate
cductttion. All [hill is needed to upgrade
education at SUNYA is to once again throw
upcn tltc graduate courses to the
ttndcrgrttduutcs. \vttllc til the sttmc timc
cxcmptlng tltc gntduzttc students from taking
them. The undcrgrttdutttcs will get iln excellent
cductttiun. .tnd tltc grrtdutttc students will bc
lt'cc tu complctc tltcircducutinn through ltttld
cquiyutcms.

lhul hItiillltI tukc Cter ttt' ctct‘yhudy.

Lestct' Hcvct'ling

'I'/tt- Albtttty Sitttlcni l’t‘css l't‘.\t'f't‘t'.\ l/II'MIII‘

rig/u lu [tr/n/ ur l't/il /t'IIt‘l'.\‘ IU l/It‘ t't/ilur.

Sit/th Il'Hl'f'.\ 'l‘l'l‘liil'lt’H'I'I;'.\' In ('um-
[um ('t'ult'r Run/u .tJu.

 

 

I Love My Cor

‘.

L ‘ ,,_.

by David Lerner _____.__—.

 

'l'udtty tltct'c will hc nu drudgery til it Cilpilltl report. there are issucs much CItinL‘i‘ to httmt'.
which. it is hoped. tuurc pcuplc C‘tlll relate to. Su. don't think. tlun't itttct'prct. just .stt buck .ttttl

cmptttttilc.

lt's vct'y dil'l'icult ll) pitrt with suntcthing clttsczind pcrsonttl. sumctltittgthttl cliuscsu ttclltttg ut

tltc ctnutiuns wltctt uttc t'cttli/cs tlttti ttll things must puss. I‘OI' sumc. tltc dcutlt ttl
trttu mutic cvcttl. tutti it is certainly not uncuttttnutt tor l’urntttl hut'tul rt

it put curt ltc u
tcs to accompany tltc tIL’tlIIl

til it bcluvcd dog. or bird. or even it goldfish. Nu uttc luuks ill tltc ttggrictcd with cttt'imtt). ut
cuntcntpt. Wc find it pct'l'cctly llttltlritI tu f'ccl sorrow for it lust illlllilitl.

th Amct'icttns prubttttly ltuvcntut'c pusscssivc low for their
is trttc tltttt pclx ttt'cn'l tritdcd Ilt cvct‘y 2.6 years l'ur tltc littcst mottcl.ttttmctltutcly cuttdc
uitl tu tltc sltclvcs til the utttiqutttcd and utttmudcd. th tvtttlc uc >
it to tltc tttcchuttic (who knows u Itct'c tltc tttccltttntc .~

uttbt'ukcn pusscssiun of It. ltcsitttting to tttkc

hands have bcctt'lj. not t‘cttlly wanting to [st it out ul our sight. We tll‘c w

untrtcd gttrttgc. 01‘ use tin tintcstcd gus.

Wc giyc uttr curs numcs. tlnd wc tttcttsurc ourselves ttgttinst uttr curs.
" "t'fcy. I‘vc got it 440 four Wind. itth ‘buut you?" "Well. lgut it 350 I0tii‘...ht|l
" ltt this pcriud ut'ccuttutttl/lng. such it tliuluguc tttuy accmtrcslt ttttt

untlct' tltc lititld.
tt'sbt'ztntt ttctt’. just pttt it in.

ttl' .‘Iliit'l'ft‘tlli (i'rtt/i'lli; tltc only cttttttgc would bc.
ttbuut 24 on tltc highway. and up to iii itt tltc city." "thtlt..

tttiltinittltllca ttutn Ittr lltcirpcts. h
tttttlttgthc
utt u uur cttt‘s. \tc lilkL‘ tulttl ttntl
any of scttdittg it ttt nu
"Itcy. \\IltllI12l\U}'t\llgttt

"llcy. what do you gcl with this thing?" "()It.
" I just gut 3‘) cutttittg up on lItt,‘

l'ht'uutty. tllttl tltcrc wtts nu wintl'ttt my buck. nut biltl. huh?“ ‘ I
Muchu idctttil'icutiutt ducs nut Chplttlll tltc Clllll'L‘ piclttrc. (use in point: my iumtly Inn it (to

('hryslcr Ncw Yut'lt'ct'. Big us it boat. but l‘ltICh likc tt l'tIII.
through ttnlcttct'ctt tllttI llllL‘cllhtil'CtI. ttttd puur lictsy‘s (tltc cur
Sll‘tllll ut'tttclr absorption. ttctsy (my l'ttlks cull Ilcl'(II'CC
u luttk l IittSit 440 lttttr hut't'cl. but big dcttl. it hits to bc ttcggcd tucck
ty. lt Cllli bc quitc cxpcnsivc driving her ttruund. ul'tcrttll. llllittgt.p qu gttllutt

tltc upctt llIgItWi

IIit.‘ l'llintllid puthulcs ut' tltc city conic
tthltttlnIyl joint) crcttk .tI tltc
n lfttrttct. thuuglt nt llllich. mum culls ltct
uttt lttnilm tu tltcgttllutt utt

ttntk til ()0 ccttts :t gullun uncc u wcck is it \‘L‘l'_\' \vitllct-lilting cxpcricnt‘c.
Sitc's gut 4(l.|55 ttttlcs tttt lltc udutuctcr. \vhtch sounds cxccllcnt tut‘ u lllltL‘_\’L‘tll’UIlI cur. cxccpt

IIttll tltc utlumctct' \lttppL‘tI marking tttttc

cuttttttuc Ill \vttt'ktttg ttl'dcl’ \tttuld uttly Iltlnlcli ttct' ttgc. tltlLI thus. ltc
clock. litct’y ttttttutc counts \\I1L‘ll cuugltt lit :1 slt'ugglc tu \Ili

put .sumc 75.000 miles on ttcr.
Hunts might all) t um :t tttttlc
Il') mg hunt to l'L‘hlSl tltc ut‘gc in all).

about t'ttut' yctll's ttgu. I3tctt tltcn .sltc knew lllttl to

I' tIL'HIIl. Sttc cvcn .xluppcd hct'
yyutntg. Bcittg Ct)ll>cl'\illl\ c. \\c‘\c

chuuvuttst pig (huw ut‘igitutli t'ut' rctcrrittg tu tltc cur its it slic.
“tttttl's tough." let it ttc known that my cur lnCilllL‘tI “Spuck”

which is tllti\cl‘st|ll) kttuttn It) bc ti Vulcutt mulc.

Six months ztgtt. us | \\tlthbDCfilICl)’trying ttt cunvincc
tut' tltcm tu cxlcttti tttc ctctlit tu buy Spuck lbcgittt to ittgt'uiu itt lItcll'litIltdhlllL‘
tuu hlltillltl luttk Ilil' it ttcu cur. l)c\‘tuus. its ttty u
('ltt‘vslct'ztssuun tin tltctt bucks tvct'c ttu'ncd. It ttustt‘t suutt :tltcrthttt tltc
ltct' Itcztttt tltrucs. Actually. it cuinclttctl \\‘llll my [iltl‘L‘Iltth‘ ul Spock

my lulks lltill [nus sttl't‘lcicntly suit cttt
notion that they
ltcriur tntttnc was to mitt: possessith oi tltc
l'ttttlt sturlcd gujnginto
and sttc knew that if my

titllt'llls bought it ttcu cttt'. aItc would no Iungcr bc ttt tt'icttttly httttds.

l’ttut. pttur Itlllb.
ptutcclttc wing and cutttmcct

ll’tlllsllllshltill uttc \tcck 5100. then illlltIItL‘I' rcgulutut'
tit-u ttt‘cmt wutct pump. lkttctt hllCWltS crytnguut. try
'IIlL'L'IClllL'llth. l lllldL‘l’hltltitl. bttl lkttctt it \\lt.\'il0gtttid.Ct’llc
"i'uu‘tu tuu big for mu. lctttt‘t nl't'ut'tt yutttutyutut'c."at cumplctc rcv

ttttt'lt utt tltc ('Ittyalct.
my sttttttl ul Jtist my tttuttllts cttt'ltct‘.

My tttttlltcr tut.» gitctt tip. sltc simply won‘t dt'lv
mum tcl'uscs lu lcl unythiug clsc go it ruttg tiut my
with his pit-citrus. Ilc's pumpcd itt ttuttdrctls ttt tcpmrs.
without ttdtttitljttg it ltttcrmtlly. Oh. be It littvc to some around

it sits. getting tildcl'c\ cry minute.

cvcttttutlly. but tttcttttwttilc. wc ltttvc our mcnturlcs. tttttt dtttl c

ct.tttcttt. ltctsy‘s had it. Mttvc uvct'.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

sltt' didn‘t know that by Itct pl'ttlcal. sllc IMtItIlL‘tl ttcrscli from my mother‘s
l hcr thzu it ttcw cur \ttts tltc uttly tutsttcr. We needed it ttcw

S35. lhctt uut' l'iith sturtcr 552. Two
tttg to tcll its IIittI wc shouldn‘t leave her in
tly. cttltlly. \tuhuut itcttrt. lturttcd my
crsttlol'

c it uttymorc. Now it sits in our tIl'IVL‘th)’. its
t'ttthcr. Itctsy's Itlsl ptttrott stunt. will not pttrt

lll'gtics in min with mother to drive it. but

till itllll'trul‘iulllttl'pltllc to ttisltcttrt's

PAGE NINE

 

 

