' -  Mid Phﬂll'omh lit-trimming SUNVA'I game room, leavee wilt the "Yukon"

by Dug Ho‘arwidz
The Mad Pinball Bomber has

struck again and with this latest'

bombing the alst of the pinball
machines has disappeared from teh
SUNYA campus. Karl Scranton.
director of SUNYA security. an-
nounced. “We have some excellent
leads in this case which should result
in an arrest within the next few
days." Scranton would not comment
on who the bombermight be .he only
said. “There's a sicky loose out there
and he or she mustbestopped before
more terrible destruction is unleash-
ed.“
Aphrodite
Scranton re’velaed that there has
' been a noticeable pattern to the

bombings. Oddly enough. the
machines have been destroyed in

alphabetical order. “Yukon” was the
last victim to go. in addition. type
written notes have been found
among the rubble of each of the
fallen machines. Each note has sim-
ple read. “I‘ve ﬁnally beaten this
machine!”

Ken Waxears who is presidentof
the SUNYA Pinball Advisory Com-
mittee is hopeful that SA will ap-
propriate enough funds to resupply
the campus with new machines.
However. Pat Curin. SA president.
stated that no funds will be released
until the Mad Bomber is ap-
prehended and put behind bars.
Curin's statement didn‘t settle well
with members of the Pinball Club
who threatened a mass demonstra-
tion within the SA offices if new

' machines aren‘t installed immediate-
1y.

kaolin

Dr. Janey Hoopingcough.
SUNYA Health Services director
said, “The psychological conse-
quences of having ,no pinball
machines on campus could be
devastating to the student body.“
Hoopingcough forsees a massive rise
in neurotic behavior among students
if new machines aren‘t installed
soon.

Students are already showing
signs of stress due to the absense of
pinball machines. Jusi today an es-
timated 500 SUNYA students
attended funeral services for the late
“Yukon” machine. The reamins of
"Yukon" were buried just beneath
the flagpolcs in front ofthe academic
podium. One sobberlngtstudent was
overheard as saying, “Yukon‘ was a
great friend. what‘ll we do without
it?"

Eli-President Him to Speak

‘by Paola Summerhlll

Tonight Richard M. Nixon.
former President and felon, will
speak in the SUNYA Gym beginning
at 8 pm. The event is being co-
sponsored by Speaker‘s Forum and
the Criminal Justice Department.
Admission is free but donations will
be accepted for the Nixon defense
fund.

When asked why Mr. Nixon
decided to break his self-imposed ex-
ile at Albany State. Mr. Nixon
replied “Why not.“ The topic of
tonight's speech will be “How in less
than two years after receiving a
national mandate you can become a
national disgrace.“ Other topics to

be included are “How to live in ﬁve

states and pay taxes in none of them“

and “Who really caused the eighteen
' minute gap."

Mr. Nixon heatedly denied the
rumor that he was going to star in a
remake of “The Fugitive." Mr. Nix-
on said he looked nothing like David
Jansen.

According to sources close to the
former President. the reason for his
lecture is money. He was overheard
saying if crooks like Ziegler and
Dean can make money so can I.

Of course there have been rumors
that his real reason to coming on
campus is that he is a candidate for
the President of the University.

lllmllwltwllllﬁltlk*************U*****mtl I

When I asked present President
Benezet about this rumor he said,
“Maybe Dean of Arts and Sciences
but not President of the University."
Many peopleon campus felt that it
is all a publicity stunt and that Mr.
Nixon is not coming to the Universi-
ty at all. When lspoke to speaker im-
personator Ken Wax (remember
Hunter Thompson). he said he had
not been rehearsing the Checkers
Speech.
Finally many people are expecting
a guest appearance by ormcr Vice-
Prcsident Agnew. The agency who
signed on Mr. Nixon said this was
highly unlikely but hinted there was
an outside chance of. Martha
Mitchell showing up.

 

 

 

or somewhere.

Holidays!

“Albany would be a nice place to live if you didn‘t
have to take classes here."How many times have you
heard that ? Yet whenever you get a day off, everyone
takes off for home, or for‘FIorida, or for the Poconos,
Well we’ve done something about it.
Last week Central Council passed the “Break your ass
and what do you get for it" bill for special Suprise
Holidays! No one will know when they'will be...Us,
Teachers, Students, God...Anyone!_—_We have a
special monkey at a typewriter. Whenever he types out
“Pat Curran"...you’ve got a day off i You just come to
class and there’s a, sign on the door:“All Classes
Cancelled". And too late to go anywhere! Whoopeel

Fun for everyone! Ha Cha!
Enjoy it folks,

Courtesy of Your Student Government

.Cnﬁulltllllllﬁ

Pnoazx

 

 

KICleN-THELASP

.SAN CLEMENTE.CaIlfornla (AP) When, questioned about his Chances
for beinga Presidential candidate in I976 Richard Nixon said that he would
either run and seek the votes of the silent majority or “stand pat." when
further questioned about Ford‘s chances in ‘76 he added, “that things would
go right if they came out with a Mustang or maybe a new edition of the
Fair-lane.“

ASPEN, Colorado (UPI) Special Assistant to the President Jean-Claude
Killy said that the entire country is going downhill in the midst of this snow-
job.

ALLEGHANY, Pennsylvania (A P) Sources here have deﬁnite evidence that
famed heiress and fugitive Patty Hearst remained at a nearby farm. In a note
left by her she stated that she refuses to accept the nomination of Governor of
California. but left her options open for a Supreme Court appointment.

HUE. South Vietnam (U Pl) Seven North Vietnamese soldiers threatened
to sue the United States government for cases of food poisoning contracted
from confiscated C-Rations.

WASHINGTON D.C. (UPI) Ralph Nader on behalf ofthe government siiid
that if the poisoned Viet Cong soldiers try to settle a claim with their
insurance company Sutz & Sutz the US Government will cut off all illd to
North Vietnam.

TEHERAN. Iran (AP) Secretary of State Henry Kissinger issued a Iorniul
foreign policy statement this morning to the effect that for four thousand
gallons ofcrude oil the Unite States will turn over to the Arabs. the state of
Wyoming and the entire blue section ofthe Houston Astrodome for the ~L‘\L‘Ii
game schedule of the Oiler games. They also threw in an oil change and u
l0.000 mile checkup for Air Force One. “‘3‘” ‘ '

43:... ’1
NEW YORK. New York (AP) The Dow Jones Average closed sliglitl)
lowertoday as traders took stock certificates down to the Daily News ()lllcc
so that they could be made into recycled paper products.

BERLIN, West Germany (AP) East German ofﬁcials ﬁled a ltllllitll
complaint with the United Nations that they would not hesitate to lulu:
military action if the West Germans did not cease writing grafﬁti on lliL‘
Berlin Wall. Such things were written as “Your mothercuts sauerkraut \\ itli ll
bayonet" and “Adolf Eats It.“

. TEL AVIV. Israel (UPI) The Israeli government claimed that they didn‘t
Violate the cease fire bydropping H.000 knishes and cheese danislics on
Aswan. Egypt. The tactical maneuver was called a “blintzkrieg.”

ALBANY. New York (AP) Students at the State University here were put
down during violent demonstrations for the-repea of their meal contracts.
Demonstrators threw hamburgers. spaghetti, American chop sue).
qcrambled eggs and chicken at police and National Guards who were
reportedly too “grossed out" to stay. They retaliated with tear gas but
students said they welcomed any kind of gas thcr than the thlve varieties
that they were accustomed to. Red Cross were on hand to take care of
stomach pains.acne. and cuts and bruises sustained from whipped cream and
soup.

BROOKLYN. New York (AP) As unemployment increases and layullb
become more and more prervalcnt as the Mafia 4,000 employees in lllc‘
CanarSlc area. Some were ﬁred cit the Belt Parkway. others in local
restaurants and few others were “blown away“ at a local meeting place called
Vinnie’s Boom Boom Room. v

WASHINGTRND-C. (AP) Chairman for the Senate Committee on Stilt
Drivnig. Wilbur lviills made a statement today concerning adoption of HIM
new highway safely features. prescription wind shields, roads without cnrm
and chauffeurs.

DALLAS. THIS (UPI) The Warren Commission Report issued a ncu
document today that President John F. Kennedywas shot in Novcnihci til
I963 With a gun. They said that undoubtedlythe grid that killed the prcsidcnl
was waded» lhc trigger was pulled and the gun fired rcleasingthc bulch this
and the fact that Lee Harvey Oswald was in Dallas.seem to point to him as
the assassin. This is the boldest statement issued upto this time.

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) John Mitchell. John Erlichmann and llK.
Hakim)“ “may “liked for their tapes back from the Senate investigating
Committee. The reason seems that they will be using them for their ncu
upcoming T.V. series “All in the Felony."

novawooo. California (U'Pl) Raquel Welch refused to pose WW “’
be the fifth face on the Mt. Rushmore monument because she claimed that
she couldn‘t do the scenery justice and there Weren't two mountains Izirgc
enough to accommodate sculptors.

NE'w YORK! NW Y0“ (AP) The Forty-second Street district was
declared a disaster area today by Mayor Abraham Beame as the entire
Mormon Tabernacle Choir was mugged. approached by drug addicts. and
propostttoned by “Ladies of the Evening." When asked about the tragedy
Rev. Billy Oniham was heard to say “of course. wearealljust creations of the
human society and evil will always be our fee on the path of righteousness.
but we loved it!“

4—,

APRIL FOOL’S. 1975

by Wild Men Meyer

A study conducted by the Pity-
chology Department for the State
Department of Health reveals that
most students in Albany State un-
iversity have suicidal tendencies. The
startling conclusion that 37% of the
student body has seriously con-
sidered taking their life, with an ad-
ditional 4% waiting for their ﬁnal
remarks to arrive. has prompted
President Benezet to form a com-
mittee to be called Students Unable
to lnstinctly Cope In Deciding the
End (S.U.I.C.I.D.E.). Benczet told
the University Senate that “maybe
we may have to relax our academic
standards so students don‘t feel
threatened by grades." Vice-
President Sirotkin told the
assemblage that students were not at
par with other major Universities in
suicides and bringing in a more
demanding fttculty would certainly
put us in contention with the big
ones

Dr. Francis Durkheim Withburg
from Siena College tolc the faculty
and student senate that most
students were simply “not getting
enough ass." He mentioned the par-

ticularly hidiniefsmo

sexual perverts. and English majors.

Durkheim said. "These {kids are
reaching out. They are, trying
desperately to grab something real
and attractive. Their whole lifetime
they are bombarded by society's sex-
ual gods and then they come to close
and all they see is acne. fat. and dan-
druff. Durkheim mentioned one
transfer student from Berkeley in
California who came to his lecture
and masterbated while a film on
“Nursing Homes and the Aged" was
being shOWn. “If that isn‘t the living
end. idon'tknow what is.“ hejoked.

The meeting was interrupted
abruptly when a Speech Pathology
major jumped from the podium and
committed Hari Kari before the
Senate. Onc faculty member who.
litid been sitting in front of the
suicide victim noted. “When will
students leitm that they can‘t always
get their way by feeble acts of in-
timidation.

The study which will now be
forwarded to the Chancellor of the
State University is expected to result
in the elimination of high rise crec-
tion on state campuses.

EOPSA Round: lip council,
Administraliw Personnel;
Pa! damn Boiled In 0!!

by Jackson Fang

In a bold and revolutionary move.
EOPSA roundc up some Central
Council members. SA Comptroller
Jerry Albrecht, SA President Pat
Curran, and many other University
administrators. and burnt them at a
woodcnt stake near the Campus
Centr.

EOPSA President Sir Frederick
Srokc and Run said that this was in
response to the slashing of their
budget.

In their next year‘s budget re-
quests EOPSA demanded 5285.00 of
the possible %300.000 in student tax
monies.

Many remaining SA officials were
disturbed at the rash of activism of
EOPSA. Vice President Ira llirn-
baum. who miraculouly escaped the
blood bath. now takes the hot seat.
until elections can be scheduled to
replace the defunct leaders.

University Police were caught in a
dilemma. because they couldn‘t find
the bodies of the leaders. Informed
sources said they were scalpcd before
browning. Yet Sroke an Run said
that the University leaders decided

SEIJI OZAWA

APRIL FOOL’ S, 1975

to leave early for vacation and no
crimes had been committed.'

Broke and Run was exceptionally
angry with Currn for using the
stereotype of “singing and dancing
triggers." Informed sources said
Curran was boiled in oil, by an im-
ported African witch doctor. I

These sources who claim to have
witnessed these events do not want
to reveal their names because of
possible repritsals by EOPSA. Presi-
dent Bcnczet who escaped “Siuling
Tuesday.“ decided to resign three
months early from the SUNYA
Presidency. Some say be “high-
tailed it ou of here like a man
possessed by demons."

Unfortunately it seems that the
students who did the burningwill cs-
cape punishment because of lack of
evidence.

Meanwhile Central Council
members Anday Bauman and Ken
Wax announced their cndidacy for
SA President. Both have
acknowledged that EOPSA‘s
demands \verejurst and that ifclectcd
they would grapt'any and till EOP-
SA requests. ‘ "

MILOS MINIC

-.....mm..——__.WM,.. a...”  ._

Summwisae m
M N33133:. ’Lw:

This student is but one of the 3110 at Albany State who yearn to ill
themselves. He couln't wait for President Bonevoient'e
announcement of the formation of s.U.i.c.l.D.E.Holuntped

oii Eastman Tower yesterday.

council Realm f180,000 titanium

thy Steve TinAnchor

Central Council voted last
Wednesday night to return a SI80.—
000 . loanv..tu_vrthc Faculty-Student
Associtititin. The loan had recently
been withdrawn in protest of the 8%
board hike. Council was coerced to
take this action by the “pressure lac-
-tics" of about I50 angry ad-
ministrators that packed the Cam-
pus Ccnter Assembly Hall.

The group of administrators. led
by FSA Director E. Nurdbert Zom-
bie. were armed with yardsticks and
squirt guns and refused to allow any
of the Council members to leav'e the
room until a bill returning the loan
was passed.

“Just because we're ad-
ministrators and they‘re students
they feel that they can give us the
royal fuck-over." shouted Zombie.
“That's what I call job discrimina-
tion. Those little bastards think
we‘re always trying to give them the
shaft. There may be less of us. but

we‘ve got a job to do and we‘re
fuckin' well gonna do it!"

Throughout the meeting several
Council members were constantly
the targets of streams of water and
ﬂying yard sticks. “I am against any
board increase.“ stated SA President
Pats Current.

“I second the motion." added
Council member Candce Maylicr.

Y. I. CHAVAN 'I

KICK-IN-THE-ASP

Vice-President for Management
and Planning. John Heartless. sat in
the corner of the room pulling on a
Marlboro Longhorn. “'Thcsc kids."
Heartless remarked. “don‘t realize
that we as administrators have
special needs and gripes that SA has
failed to satisfy. We need that bread
to keep FSA healthy. In the past
we've tried to be nice about these
things, talk like gentlemen. go
through the normal political
channels. But what did We gci‘!
Notlting but loads of bullshit! Now
we've seen their colors. those
chicken-shits. Now we know how to
deal with these big. tough radical
freaks. You want something. you
take it. They don‘t give it to you. you
rearrange their faces for 'cm.“

Council struck back at the ad-
ministrators with several vicious
remarks.  am against any rcnt
hike." stated Current.

“I second the motion." added

Mtiyher.

Speaking ina serious toncZombic
coniincntcd. “I'll never go to the
bank and beg' for the money that

FSA needs. There‘s no reason for it.
I‘m going to beat it out of SA.“

Finally. at about “:30. Council
succumbed to the,me pressuresand
passch it bill returning the loan to
FSA. But this wasn‘t the end of
things.

Zombie then requested a reduc-
tion in the interest rate that SA was
charging on the loan. The demand
called for chopping the recent rate of
8 '/i% to W70. “I think that‘s fair."
chuckled Zombie.

Council was appalled at this
further demand and refused to give
in to it. The administrators again
blocked all exits allowing no one to
pass until the request was honored.

After much talking and little
debate. Council still does not know
what to do. The services of a local
helicopter pilot have been secured.
and an airlift established supplying
Council with ample food and water
until they reach a decision.

“This may.“ said Central Council
Chairperson Lcwis Fiddlcsticks.
“warrant taking over the Ad-
ministration building . . . iftltcy ever
let us out of here.“

KKK closes SA in cc

by Kay K. Celgh
The Albany State Ku Klux Klan
Club closed the Student Association
Ofﬁce in the Campus Center at
Albany university today, forcing
Central Council into its 45th
emergency session in the past two
week. as they staged a massive sit-in
to protest what the club president
Ilubba Smith citcsns“unreasonablc.
unwarranted. and un—Anicrictin cuts
in our l97-76 budget request." The
group had requested 37.500dollars.
“We submitted a complete
breakdown for every penny." said
Smith. And indeed they did:
510.000 for 2 x 4 inch plywood
5.000 for bletich
7,500 for white sheets (queen size)
3.000 fro tar and feathers
5.000 for napalm
2,000 for torches
4.980 for student assistants
20 for S.A.S.
Plus use of all income.

"The whole university community

 

is invited to every one of our events."
said trcasrer Jackson Brown. “We
are one ofthe few groups who extend
this invitation to all campus people.
We even go out of our way to reach
the Black. Puerto Rican. and Jewish
students."

President Coonrun of Student
Association called for the emergency
meeting of Council when henbund
Central Council Chairperson Louigi
Fccdlcr being burned in the ~ iiiral
Council Office. and found ti?»th
KKK invitation to a bonﬁre: n this
mailbox. (Feedlcr was not unjured.
and later thanked the KKK for help-
ing him burn off some of those erg;
pounds. and changed his mind and]
agreed to support their budget in the
process. .

After a five hour session in the
Fireside Lounge. Amy Gm
qjoposcd a bill that would te—iastate
most of the udgetary demanumade.
pending Central Cauncil‘s m_
regarding funds for napalm and
torches.‘ ' : '

passes,

 

 

