$199 each

Quantities '

 

r-.'..........'..t......‘......-.-

supra STEREO LPS AT $2.99 a

Quantities ‘»

him In” .

Old Fashioned Love - John Fahey
ffl'akonsa' Records.

llttersnlte tn the Ozone - Bob Moses
Motown Records}

7 I975 will go down as an important
year for the music industry. Since the
start of the year there has been a
proliferation of small, specialized
record labels releasing (or in some
cases re-releasing( music by such
artists as Joe Pass. Art Tatum. Bob
Moses. Gato Barbieri and John
'Fahey. Moses. drummer from the
Gary Burton group. and Fahey.
guitarist extraordinaire. represent
two musicians who have founded
their own record companies aimed at
making music available to the
public.

According to Fahey. his company
is n'idely ignored as a freckle on the
8qu white underbelly of the record
business. Intrepid and enterprising.
this indigestible little company has
an unblemished record. The
unblemished record can be seen in its
glass case at the Takoma archiVes
between the hours of 6 and twelve
midnight. It was also Fahey who
discovered guitarist Leo Kotke. now
doing quite well on his own.

Fahey. a veteran of many years of

MS image over the years.

His latest album. Old 'thiohbd 

Love. seems destined to go nowhere >
in the way of sales. The production. -

proﬁciencylofftlte' musicians and the
general musi‘cahqu‘ality‘ol‘ the album

‘ are all excelknt.'Thenuwlty.wonYt it
sell? As withhiis past albums, Eahey
is not interested in recording chan-
busters. but in. recording what he
wants and what he feels is good
enough. The songs show a lot of care
in the writing. arrangement and
playing. lying somewhere between
the realms of folk and jazz.

The ﬁrst side involves the guitar of
Faheyjoined by Woodrow Mann on
second guitar. blendingand working
quite well together inharmony. The
opening tune. “In a Persian Market“
by Ketelbey. is probably the best cut
on the ﬁrst side. Through the use of
phase-shifters and unorthodox
chords and time signatures. the piece
seems to move around you.
constantly changing through the
expertise of these two men.
Throughout the remainder of the
side the two continue this rapport.
though after a while the songs seem
to blend into each other. losing their
identity.

The second side is a different story
again. Fahey is now joined by about
a dozen musicians on everything
from the banjo to the tuba. The tunes
are performed quite well and have a
certain bounce to them. reminiccnt
of the music of the roaring twenties.
though at times they do tend to get

'I record; showing" high qusl

aspectsyol' production. As far .1. t V

buying market is concerned. he-

album will not appeal to many. but
for 'those who are inter'estedlin

something dill'erent (with music"

similar to Leo Kotke‘s). Old
Fashioned Love should be given at
least one listening.

Bob Moses Blitersuite in the
Ozone. on his ottvn new record
company. Mozown. will appeal to
even a narroWer audience. The
album is essentially a spontaneous
expression and improvisation by
Moses and fellow musicians such as
Randy Breeker. Dave Liebman. Dan
Carter. Mike Lawrence. and Eddie
Gomez. Together. the thirteen

musicians on this album combine'

their talents on ﬁve musical sketches
by Bob Moses.

Of all the five pieces. only one
comes anywhere near the realm of
conventional music and this is a
short. two minute piece entitled
“Message 'to the Music Bizness.“
Only on this short piece does Moses
allow his composition to flow. 0n
the remaining four selections.
whenever a calm. quieting harmony
begins to deVelop. it is destroyed by
either an abrupt stop in the music as
in “Mfwalu Myo La La" (which
means overture or ‘beginning at the

melody 
. The title track. “Bit I
Ozone.“ has to.be cla ed as one

the most frustrating musical pieces-

ever‘imaginable. The. piece involves
constant crescendos and sudden
decrescendos. Moses constantly
allowa his entourage to begin to
develop a soft. melodious theme.
and that is quickly destroyed—
preventing the listener from relaxing
during the piece. ‘

0n the other hand. “Stanley Free” _

develops some piano
improvisations. lulling the listener
into a state of serenity where the
music flows through the body.
“Bittersuite in the Ozone“ attacks
the soul. The piece contains a lot of
musical tension. snaring the listener.
praying for soberness that will never
come.

Bittersuite in the Ozone is not a
pleasant album to listento. though it
isa good one. The pieces will stick in
your mind because of the emotions
they create. The album is unique.
and due to the limited appeal of the
record. it is available only through
lhc company all Mozone Records
4l5 Central Park West
New York. New York l0025

’ makesupitt'l'gt'uier" ' um I by

in‘its nondescript,  It is very.
similar in service and style‘to,
Gateway Dtner on. Central Avenue .
'next to the 'Westgate Shopping
Center. which is open 24 hours only
on Friday and Saturday.

There are two 24-hour Supermarkets
near the two campuses; H Price
Chopper on Madison near where it
intersects Western. and ‘AtP on
Fuller Road between Rt.90and Cen-
tral Avenue. Price Chopper is
cheaper. while Al? is a warehouse
market and thus has a large turnover
and fresher food. But that doesn‘t
make any difference with packaged
foodin most cases.

By the time one gets to any of the
24 hour eating spots. it usually
doesn‘t make much of a'difterenee
what kind of food the establishment
has to offer. Just the thought of stut-
ling one‘s face to fulﬁll the late night-
early morning cravings. Taking that
into consideration. any of these
should be at the least satisfying and
second best only to one‘s own private
refrigerator.

 

 

 ' 4 . ' =
LC“"‘“”“"}'Iii/“~13 " ' You’ve Tried The Rest, Now Try The Best "
' WE DELIVER

, I v _ n ‘ g : . -‘ ~ . . -yogg crry DELIVERED OVEN FREsH To
fOl’ these ' ‘ > : -_ "L’- Your. book new 5 art. To nan.

  iv __ . ' _  t.  I   ' ,2 Lectt‘rrohs 1'0“va you Wt MﬁDlSON VE.
" ~ ‘ 'f  . . anE HHSTC'WN mm Lt-wtv‘vowN AREA 463-5100 3; M paw. 

 

 

 

 I .. nun-.- -- About three years aeo. I was experiencing frus-
"uunu-unu "In...""nu-"u-"nn- tration and rejection in my life.It seemed that whatever
   20 I tried did not come up to my expectations. At: the time.
I was a senior in high school. My older brother had al-
ways been better in sports than I. in fact he had been on
the varsity soccer team for three years. I didn't make it
until my final year and even then I just sat on the bench.
Even the guys on the team couldn't be counted on much for:
anything. I was frequently rejected.

While sitting on the bench during practice a guy
on the team invited me to a meeting of people involved in
Bible study. They talked about God in a personal way and
how Jesus was living with them. The people in the group
were friendly toward me and others.

After talking to one of the group members it
' ' > I 1 time— eversincctaking became apparant that I was able to accept JESUS as my
[Kb/fu‘igsbccfrriluithbgti)“:thiifiiijtispzrgngzedpholt-lini5hing,together saVi-or only  aSki-ng him s  Prayer a to Come into my
wtth nxcellent quality at low prices, come to GAF rintExnressY.. 1 Lfe.
Your total communications mnlnt. all under one [00“
prlnttng-coplu- art and drattlng supplies
photo proceaalng

Es 1’

ill!
I lllllllllll
sax-rust:-

 

\/ I ‘I \ \

It took awhile to come to a fuller realization
of what I had done. Anyone who has Jesus living within
him can experience a quality of life only He can give.

I ask Him to guide me, ineveryear‘ea of my life. As a
result.His hands now guide me through frustration and

rejection.

 

 

 

1-...-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Bill Meyer-i , .
Junior. .{Qlflﬁlplﬁﬁry

ginmpus sausage. .Cﬁsfwﬁinatee mm 606W? 

 

 

.l
t

We'll help you «press yoursett. m and Insatpensivsly.

84 Central Ave." ; 4 .............7.......
ALBANY. N.Y. weapons“ é

’ i-i - AUGUST 26,1975

i

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

-I.-I-|-‘-1.‘-¥- -- m- -- nu u‘. -T- I‘. -'- u‘. u. . . u. .‘u -‘- n-

. . . . .I. .'. .v.'.1.'.'. . . .1. .1.‘ .- -|- - - t. , , J: .__
’g. ;. . . . . . . (v.1. .. .1. . - nun-1. u. .v. .1. .v. .v. .1. .i. . . I I I V.

 

 

 

