 

 

 

- asmwmwmmm «.

\ ANKmMWV-o‘a‘ Mu~ ,....-.~Mvﬂ

mmwwxmkﬂu‘w‘wﬁ mom.

--w~e-AWW“\M~ -. . .. ..

New... m

V XTRAVAGANZA

Tonight- 9 P.M. till way past the witching hour
CC Ballroom

CONTEST PRIZES:

2 Pair Steve Stills Concert Tickets

plus other prizes donated by:
Denby's, Pearl Grant Richmans, Dad and Lad

FUN FOR ALL:

Best Costumes Judging
Pumpkin Pie Eating Contest
Apple Bobbing Contest
Plenty of Surprises

MUSIC TO DANCE BY:

and WSUA’s Pat McGlynn w/ COMPLETE HALLOWEEN LIGHT SPECTACLE

. THE FANTASTIC HAPPY HALLOWEEN FOOD and
. DRINK SPECTACULAR PREPARED BY THE GREAT PUMPKIN
27 Kegs of Michelob Roast Beef Platters w/ Bread Pizza
Onion Dips Bleu Cheese Dips Bacon Dips
Pom“ Chips Pretzels Taco Chips
caramel Coated Popcorn Cheese Doodles Assorted Soda
i (featuring "Pibb")
PLENTY OF FOOD FOR EVERYONE
PLUS THE AMAZING GIANT HALLOWEEN CAKE

COSTUMES
ENCOURAGED
BUT NOT
REQUIRED

The Class of '78- The Graduation Inspiration
V KEEP THE PARTY GOING

Admission:
.15- class of "78 w/ tax
i.oo. other: w/ tax
1.25- all other creatures

Covers 3 large beers
and all you can eat!

Apparel, Spectrum India, Grants, Woolworth’s

 

_ Women’s Forgm

Male Dominance
in the University
Setting

‘ t by Dianne Plche

Recently, as part of a project to study the
problems of women on the SUN Y campuses. I
interviewed many women students on this
campus-“in both classroom and informal
settings—about what they felt Were the par—
ticular problems or general concerns of
women at Albany State. lwas not surprised to
find that much of the response I got was not
unlike what I had been learning and reading
on one of my women's studies courses. In par-
ticular. I remember an article entitled
“Women on the Campus: No Overnight
Changes“ by Carol Christ. In essence. the arti-
cle dealt with the problem ofthe university as a
male-dominated institution which. like every
other male-dominated or oriented institution
in our society. does indeed oppress women as a
class of people (Le. human heiiigs with
“unalienable rights.“ etc.)

When I interviewed Delores Schmidt, who
is the Affirmative Action Coordinator for the
entire SUNY system and is appointed by
Chancellor Boyer. she told me. almost word
for word. what Ms. Christ has said in her arti— .
cle. Which is that the Department of Health.
Education and Welfare has essentially lailctl
in its attempts to improve the condition of
women on the campuses; that no significant
changes can he made until women reiili/e the
need to make them; and. finally. that ihereare
really very few viable solutions to the “two

careers" problem- that women face. '

And. dismal u the problem of getting.

“equal pay for equal work“ mayvaeem for

the Civil Service Employees Anota'ation and
departmental hierarchy). these are not the
only pressing problema women have to cope
with. Indeed, as I had thought and my inter-
vrews continued. women have been .reduced
by the university. which In just another
cultural product that inculcatu and
perpetuates traditionally male values and
male heritage.

For many varied reasons. many female
students felt they could not be a pan of any
sort of feminist movement; the sheerfactthat
they were competing with meninthis universi-
ty setting seemed “liberation enough." One
English majortold me that she found it easier,

 

in most cases to identify with male characters
in literature because it was the maleslhat Were
usually the protagonists or the ones most to
her liking while the females seemed unreal.
destructive or secondary compared to the
men!

I has. education does not necessarily elevate
a woman‘s conception ol herself or her rolcin
society. Nor does it give her any sort of
historical perspective which is necessarily
positiic or rciiiforcingto her sense ol “whosltc
is" or “where she is going" as a woman.

Willi Iew exceptions. the only classes in
which women are studied fairly and adequate—

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

women here (given the existing structures of ' '

lfwomen 
images in textbook _ rate d' I , .
prearive. Railing list: for literature courier

are usually made upof male author; Women ‘

are never studied along side of men for their
contributions to the science: and the liberal
arts without being referred to u the “woman
doctor” or the“poete.r.r" or the“fenmle artilt"
or the freak in many ways.”

There are few “cultural heroines“ for
women to look up to. to aspire towards or
emulate in their lives. And it is particularly
true in the university where male culture is
assumed to be human culture, when it is

 

 

 

precisely the nature of culture itself that we
often presume to study.

Whore cult tire is it'.’

Who do we have? Separated from our
mothers. not only physically but in our
reading as well. we can no longer derive as
much support and confidence from them as
perhaps women cotild in the past. We don't
lint! a hell of a lot offemale professors. and We
rcali'Ic that on the whole they're paid less and
occupy lower-ranking positions in their
departments. Iii student clubs and
organilations. l have observed an imbalance
concerning the degree of male/female par-

lighta at night in the and parking
“There is no'dayeare’eemer for my _
while I attend clan-ea." Eteeterl."
ctcctera. _ , ' ‘ '
And. ﬁnally when one thinks Ihe haagiitt‘en
everything possible. there’ are alwaya’tbe '
peculiar problems experienced by woman; -
students in the elaauoom. Firstly. they are
quite often less aaaertive in class discussions;
and Ice: likely to argue an academic point (bin ,
thank the gods that's chany'ng). Secondly." 1
there are the problem, with male profeaapra.
There are many women who may objeet‘to a
professor's generic tree of the terme"mar_i".
“mankind” or “be”. There are women who
take issue with the sexist interpretation-of
literature. biology orthe social sciencea. There
are women who refuse to be intimidated by
overbearing male profeaaora and there are
women who object to sexist languay and
jokes and when this happens. they are almost
automatically labelled an eccentric “libbera.”

There are marry, many wo'men, as Gertrude
Stein pointed out.

So. if there are so many of us, why do we
have these problems? Why do we still need
Women’s Studies?

At this point I can‘t answer. The answer
seems all too apparent. What [can do is to
appear notalgic and a bit maudlin by quoting
one of the most effective and most moving
publications I have ever seen on a collegecam- ‘
pus. From Torch 72:

Man is willing to accept woman
as an equal. as a man in skirts.
as an angel. a devil. a baby-face.
a machine. an instrument, a bosom.
a womb. a pair of legs. a servant.
an encyclopedia, an ideal or an
obscenity.-thc only thing he won't
accept her as is a human being.
—a real human being of the female sex

 

the city are now

$1 w/ tax

 

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv

: University Speakers Forum

and

University Concert Board

join to bring you

THE NATIONAL
Alﬁl’ﬂﬁll SHOW

Tickets which were $5.50, $6.50, $7.50 last year in

ONLY!!!

$2 w/o

Afunded by SA

Tickets go on sale Mon. Nov.3 at 2 pm inthe CC.
Cameroom and everyday thereafter from 1

FRI. NOV. 7
CC. Ballroom

0 am
it!“ 2 pm

is:

2 Shows -
8:00 pm and 10:30 pm 

 

LA]

 

'. V V‘Y'vvvvvv v v

OCTOBER 31, 1975

ALBANY swarm- PRESS

 

