 a;   

.One drinker in ten is an alcoholic, according to a recent national
survey. The total ﬁgure comes near ten million—enough for experts
.to consider it at epidemic propgrtions. At last count, alcoholism is
the cause of more than 200,000 deaths annually, costing
Americans over 20 billion dollars. It is responsible for hall of all the
arrests made in this country each year.
‘ Campuses across the nation are not immune to this disease as
mil as the other addictions and lads that are present in our society
ay. , -
Tobacco and marijuana are two common forms of drugs that are
‘often used to excess. In the centerfold of today's magazine, various
abuses of these substances are viewed. ‘
About the cover:
Be it pot, alcohol, or tobacco, too much of a good thing can
become bad.

\

 

 

Photo Credits

Cover—Eric Kue/m: Page JP—I-Jrir

K uehn; Page 71’- Erir'a' M arc-us

 

 

" 4+2 Starts Anew

Tobacco: Confessions of an Err-User

Pot Patterns

Liquor Drenches the Ivy Walls

A [Rich Man’s Justice
FSA: An Undercut...
And an Overview

SASU and the Student Concern

 

 

t

pAGE 2p ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I F A1700, ,
Bale mﬁs‘eﬁt
£05 6 FOR OtL.
tU RE EOE

\

3-zem’iﬂm W

MARCH 4, 1975

Seeking alternatives

to traditional dorm living...

4 + 2 Starts
Anew

by Rona Warren
l you've ever questioned
1 whether dorm living is really
for you, but doubted that the
alternatives available would suit your
needs, you're not alone. This is a
question which motivated a group ol
lndian Quad residents to search lor
more than mere traditional dorm
residence. The result of this search was
the "4 + 2 Revision Committee." The
committee was open to all who had
ideas to contribute or wanted to learn
along with its members

In 1971, "4 + 2", a communal dorm
was initiated on Indian. The
excitement ol the new living concept
was maintained as long as its founders
resided in the dorm. Despite their
idealistic intentions, the plans were not
stringent enough to be perpetuated
alter the lounders lelt. There was also
virtually no selection process to
guarantee that all the incoming 4 + 2
residents would be aware ol the
commitments necessary to maintain a
specialized dorm.

Faced with the possibility ol 4 + 2's
termination, yet still believing in the
ideals originally established in 1971
(1-community, 2-cooperation, 3
concern, 4rcomniunication, 5-
ielevance, 6Aresponsibility) the
committee set out to revise and build
upon 4 + 2's original gmdelines in
order to re-establish the communal
dorm. Although the original ideals
should still be maintained, the
committee tell that it was necessary to
change the means to attain the 4 + 2
goals.

The basic premise upon which the
new dorm will be built is "coniinunal'
reSidence.“ Communal reSidence is an
attempt to break down seine ol the
barriers created in large university
settings isolating us by the suite-
system. This will be accomplished
through the assumption ol various
cooperative responsibilities related to
the limctioning ol the dorm.

The success ol the program
developed by the (ziiiiiiiiittee Will be
Iltti“‘ll‘,’ riiliitiiil to the (tttttJHItl til
(".‘tflIC‘l'i'lllt‘li tlt‘Vt'l‘itrt‘t'l litel‘NWHIt
iniiliziits 'l'lt!‘ :ti‘iii'tiih 'Nlll lin'i :uzgi tip

ittt'l l-it ti .‘rliiiits 'lll"'it«lll 'z'lii '!i
i ‘1'WIlllN'til‘ll'l‘illll lullt.‘ ll;"t! '-'.lt

I.
l":
lf‘.
l

Y‘il'lllttlti iii..l ‘NlN' litigatliwi iii
t l.."‘/ill') lii tzi‘ltl:3 «ll. ' .ii'liixiiiw' tuil
it‘i-iwil ttt ll ti‘.iil.tiiiiiii i am

A iitiiiiii I.‘|illt|ltl' ltt‘lil   ::.
w iiilil‘lilli'ili ;i|£l .i illi li'll.lili l,.t.
i‘Iiti'i‘tti llil iilllUlti .Ii'
i‘Jiltlllllltflr'llii l..i.-:::il‘
'l'lI" iltvl‘lli will li:: 'llitl lltli
"rtt‘lltllltfl-"  ,.t'l!l'»t‘l' 'iil lililltt."‘ ,
w: ii iii i-iilt ': wli .‘ ‘rih'llti‘l
liiittllli'lm ii~ :2 -! 'tiv till: Willi)
llt WW I

/*:riiiii.'i t illlllli‘lll‘

It‘filu‘litilllli twi Illivitilttttll’ltl .iiiil
i'xilltvi‘tiiiii \ll 'iilltt ill-“ lt l.i through
tl.iu i'litltllllllttt‘ ll. ’. llll' ulhcr
I'trttllltlllI-i'd ttl' tttit -.irliiiil il.,iiiii
llll'tllllL‘ltS ii~iiiiu:it luiiii v.
..’ .';[)t.‘t'ltll Whirl/1; (' 'u/iiniilliieii

the Alpha Lloiiiiiiittm- is in charge ol
______._——-

MARCH 4, 1975

dorm related events such as parties,
speakers, colleehouses and movies.
Beta Committee is in charge of special
events that take place outside the
dorm. (i.e., trips, intramural sports,
Holiday Sing.)
3~Activilies Committee
initiating and institutonalizing
perpetual programs such as bagel
shop, cralts workshop, bar, live and
learn center.
4-Communi’cations Committee
publiCity within the dorm and
university community (i.e., dorm
newspaper, advertising special
events).
5 --—Committee 0/ the Interior
responsible lor reviewing proposals
ol amendments tothe 4 + 2 constitution
and maintaining lounge atmosphere of
the dorm by lurniture checks and
coordinating lounge and dorm
decorating activities.

Each committee must research the
advantages and disadvantages of
requests "made to it but all final
decisions will be made at a "Towne
Meeting" based on committee
recommendations. Towne Meetings
Will be held every week. it is hoped that
all residents Will make the time to
attend each meeting. No one will be
torced to attend, but considering the
type ol person expected to live in 4 + 2,
the word "lorce" will have no meaning.

Aside lrom committee reports and
deCisions to be made, it is at the Towne
Meetings that ideas will be exchanged
and individual endeavors will be
pulled together.

The process ol selection was a major
issue that presented many problems
lor the committee. Obviously it is
ditlicult to devise a liar and objective
method at singling out specilic people
lrom selection ol the applicants.

At the same time the selection
process is a key lactor in assuring
success ol the new 4 + 2 because it was
a key reason tor the original 4 + 2's
lailuie. It is imperative that the people
who [‘05th in 4 + 2 do so lor the right
[\fllSUl‘Itl.

Utitltjt the rtthlSGlltel'tl ol Kathy
than, this ('l(it'rtl'ti preseiildirector and
ill n»:([n_;iieiii i-d lttlt't‘VtOWBI‘, the
it »iiiiiiittwii chose the "'l'dtik Oriented"
ill'tttllr llii‘llliJLl ol SuleCltUn. This will
consist til sn'. ripplimints and three
lllli'l\'14'W|.‘l.> Unlike the standard
«tltltf'iltiitt (lliSWHl iiitcrvmws which
till: M iv it i in ii'taii: rtlttOtllll ('ll "bullshit,"
t‘iti'll iiMitimiiit thl be placed in group
.‘itltliiltiititi Wltlt'lt Will be observed by
tliieo llill:l'Vlt'\IJi}l'S. 'l'hese interwewers
Will lli. ltltJlltlJHl'H ol the "HeVision
LTiiiiiiiiittee” trained by Ms Koziirand
other experienced iiit(-)i'v1L'.-wers. The
iiiirpoiw til a "gimup" selection process
is: to :tt‘t’ how well applicants work
togettiei and cooperate Willi one
another

Upon acceptance to 4 + 2 each new
member must sign Lip lor one ol the
preViously mentioned committees this
spring'l'ho reason for this is to lacilltale
immediate organization ol 4 + 2 even

 

 

belore its residents physically live
together. Once the selection process is
over, 4 + 2 will begin Towne Meetings
this spring so that members ol the dorm
can get to know each other belore the
tall semester begins.

At one ol these Towne Meetingspro-
tem Chairpersons will be selected lor
each committee. Each cl these
Chairpersons will keep their committee
members and the rest ol the dorm
posted during the summer ol any
developments that occur within the
committees.

In addition to the various committees
that each dorm member is expected to
serve on, the dorrn's only judiciary
body will be a "Lilestyles Panel." This
will be a rotating panel ol six members
picked at random when and only when
a problem between dorm members or
violation ol the dorm policy occurs.
Alter hearing both sides of an
argument, the panel will make a
decision and present a report at a
Towne Meeting.

Taking the panel's decision report
into consideration, the Towne Meeting
will vote on whether the panel's
recommendations should be
accepted. Alter this, the Lilestyles
Panel is dissolved and no new panel
Will be convened until another
incident arises.

The advantage olthis system is that it
is well integrated with the 4 + 2 ideals
as a whole. It any problem occurs
within the dorm only dorm residents
may act on it. Each member ot the
dorm will be taking an active part in
solving any conllicts.

4 + 2 is now in Oneida and
Onondaga Halls on lndian Quad. lt

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

was lelt by the committee that the 210
residents in these two dorms were too
large a number to start a specialized
dorm with. It has been proposed that
the new 4 + 2 will see its rebirth in
Mahican Hall on lndian which houses
just 108 residents. This will aid the
dorm in getting together closer and
taster.

The dorm will be co-ed by suite,
lndian Quad Style; that is on each floor
the end suites (4 in all)will be occupied
by the members ol one sex while the
hall suites will be composed of their
opposites.

Although the dorm director should
be involved in the affairs ol the dorm,
this person should not usurp
responsibilities given to the residents
by the 4 + 2 guidelines. The R.A.s
appointed to the dorm will be made
aware of the dorm policies, and as a
resident must agree to adhere to them.

The members ol the committee have
been working hard lor the past lew
months with Kathy Kozar and David
lenkins, coordinator ol lndian Quad.
At an all-night meeting on February
21, the ollicial proposal lor the new 4+
2 was drawn up. This proposal was
then submitted to the Housing
Committee Sub-Committee ol the
Student Atlairs Committee, Once the
proposal is approved, there will be
announcements posted in the ASP and
elsewhere lor interest meetings. All
those Wishing to join 4 + 2 must attend
an interest meeting.

It is the hopeol the committee and all
those involved that people seeking
more lioin their on-campus residences
than just a place to sleep will find more
in 4 + 2.

PAGE 3? .

 

 

 

