 
 
 
 
  
  

 
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
    
  
  

 

‘tober3

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

,. new...

 

.O.,y.._..,_

d at New Pelt; on 0e-
_ ~ and 4th.7 Albany State’s
Women s, j tennis team Was
'repreiientedby Jane Maloy. Helene
Kaniiiher. and the doubles teams of
Collene Joyce and Terri Lenahan.

 z _ , .
Allthe eiitries made a good show

:lor' Albany State. expeeially

Albany‘s number one player Jane
Maloy. according to coach Peggy
Mann. . 1

“:After losing in the second round
to ‘a y'rl who made it to the finals.
Jane was immediately entered into
the consolation tournament where
she made it to the quarter finals.“
said Mann.

On October l7th and lllth.
Albany‘s women‘steam will compete
in the State Championships,
originated by Coach Mann at the
beginning of her career at SUNYA.
Among the seventeen private and

Undefeated Jockettes Top WMA Football

WIRA Flag Football'Standings w L 1' n5.
4

er CollegiateChani-r 

andcaptaln‘Louige Covitt and Mary ~
' ' ' ' . smile of confidence. “This tourna-»
‘ 'ment is different than most others.

 

ghth (Stilton the ladder,
‘totighestj'competition co -
o ell.‘ Ithaca. Blngh'a'nin

 
 
  
  

ton..tittd,S Lawrence. .
Alba will be sending six (6)
players to the tournament.

. weought tocomc out pretty high
in the States.“ said Mann. with a‘

because of its unique way of scor- .
ing." . _

In order to gain a team point. a
match must be won. with u consola-
tion i'natch counting '6 a point. It ll
possible for a school to win the team
trophy and for an individual player
to win a tournament trophy.

‘ Nice Way To End
After having beaten Skidmore
College 5—~2 on October 7th. Coach
‘ Mann said. “To do well in the states
will be a nice way to end a very
successful season."
With two more matches remain-
ing. the team‘s record is 5—2.

 
 

The basketball captains meeting is Oct. 29. volleyball
Oct. 28. and handball. paddleball. squash and raquet-

Jockettes 0 0 8
Bleeker-Van Cortlandt | 2 l 3 b“: 0°"  . .
Fumble“ I 2 I 3 I osters are due at the captains meeting and can be
Vinnie; _ 0- 2 2 2 picked up in the Intramural Office. CCJSb. Exact time
and lace of ca tains meetin s will b t d '
Each team has two games to play. (30;. , p g e p08 6 ouwlde

 

Jockettee on the move. With tour wine In tar, they will be hard to catch.

Telethon

Basketball Marathon

Telethon ‘76 has scheduled a 24
hour Basketball Marathon to be
held in the SUN YA gymnasium on
November 8. I975 beginning at 7:00
PM.

Capital Townhouse Dincr.
Cosimos. King of Clubs. Lark
'lavcrn. Partridge Pub, The Silo-~—
'l avcrn. and Washington Tavern
have each pledged $50 for this event
and the Follctt Bookstore hits
donated team t-shirts.

Because ofthelengthoithis event
Telethon is seeking teams who
would be willing to till in time slots
to keep the games going. Men’s and
women‘s teams are welcome.

Anyone interested in participating
in the Marathon should pick up an
application at the Campus Center
Information desk to be completed
no later than October 24.

For further information call
Kathy or Melinda at 449—!494.

' PAGE TWELVE

Albany‘e women hotter-are prlinlno tor the upedmlng‘ﬁtete Champlonetitpe.

  
 
  

  
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

“What’s
Up

Josh?”

 

 

   

JV Gals Drop Two

by Christine Bellini

Albany State‘s Junior varsity
women's tennis team met more than
their match twice this past week.

On October 8t h. theJ. V. team met
Skidmore College. put up a struggle.
but could not sustainthel'ight. losing
3—«2.

On their own courts, Albany was
beaten 3—2 by Mohawk Valley
Community College.

With their record now two wins
and three losses, Coach Judy Clark
said. “We‘ve got a pretty strong
team. they just hick the experience
they‘re now getting.“

Twenty-ﬁve Women Receive

Athletics Scholarships

I.os Angeles AP

Twenty-live women attending the
University of Southern California
are on athletic scholarships.

“USC now has one of the best. if
not the best. women's intercollegiate
athletic programs in the country."
associated athletic director Barbara

Bridges said Wednesday of the six-
sport women's program.

Among the women on scholarship
arc gymnast Gttle Wyckoff.
swimmers Heather Greenwood and
Linda Stimpson. tennis players
Diane Dcsi'or and Barbara Hallquist
and volleyball pliiycr Lori Jcpson.

 

Tickets: $2.00
Students & Senior
Citizens: $1.25

 

PRIZE INTERNATIONAL CINEMA

EWEEIJEJHMG} Hill Williiiﬁg

Canada
Selected by In ternational Film Guide
as one of the top ten films of 1974

Friday & Saturday, 8:00 pm.

State University of New York at Albany

October 17 and 18
Recital Hall, PAC

 

 

 

 

 

ALI. Mull! or lull “Ill”
CDHPLETL' IADML mu 7""!
"ornament. Matt-UP ammarmu
ere-now urcmrm— Ftﬂlﬂlﬂ'ﬂf LAME:
laﬂlcllllﬂﬂ — Lll‘ HAIL.
men's amateur. emu OIL
LLUNA LTD. (MINING!
TELEPHONE 377-8584

INNER CIRCLE STUDIO
28 Vales Si.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Scheneciadu,  l2305

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Wed. 9-! l pm

9-llprn

 

03hr

@ututht’
llnn

 

234 Washington Ave.
Our Happy Hours are Still the Best!

Itlrge draught 25c
large draug/il 25c

mixed drinks 50¢
Ilt'im'kin 75¢

Thurs. 9-10 pm Crazy Ilout‘
iOpm -liim 'I'oqui/a
Fri. 5-7pm

2for| ta ltle
50c

 

OCTOBER 17, 1975

Saturday. Albany State‘s varsity soccer team came from behind to defeat
Keene State. 4-l.

Wednesday. the team allowed the visiting Oneontii Red Dragons to come
from behind twice and force thc Hooters into it 2-2 lie.

“The difference- between Saturday and Wednesday was like night and
day." said Albany varsity 50cccr coach Bill Schieffelin.

The only difference in personnel was Ihcabscnce of Pasquale I’eiriccionc.

“Pctriccione was outstanding against Keene State." Schicfl'clin continued.
"His play at center halfback enabled usto move .lohii Rolando up to center
forward. and Rolando responded with his best game in two years.“

Sunday. originally the diiy to celebrate the team‘s big win. turned into it
nightmare when Schicl‘fclin learned l’etriccione had been liospitiili/cd and
would be operated on the following tiny for hemorrhoids.

*Jiist when we were going grciit we lost it key player and it showed tip in our
next game.“ laincntcd Schieffclin illIL'I’ his Ilooters \vcrt: Iorccd into it disap-
pointing tie with Onconta. “I aim riot saying I’ciriccionc was the difference.
Iltcrc is nocxcusc lor our terrible play against ()ncoiitn. However. I will say
that l’ciriccione would certainly have helped."

Ilic difference was I’tisqutilc I’elriccioiic.

Last year. the Ilootcrs liiccd ii similar situation to that which liiccs them
this weekend: coming oil it disappointing tic. Albiinyfuccs her :irchiicmcsis.
Hamilton College.

Albany has never bcuicn “illllllltill. g

"It has been It strangcthing." said Sclncll'clin ol the llnnultonjins. " I he)
always seem lOClllL’ll us iii the right iinic. like last year tiltcr \vc lied ('ortlitnd.
(Ht. llaniihon bean us .l-l,“

lzicryoiic connected with the soccer team will admit to lwothings today:
the lie with ()ncontii was as good as it loss and the worst game the lClllll hits
pltiycd this year: zindlhat beating Hamilton has bccomccvcii niorc importiint
to the team as it cohesive llllll.

Suddenly. the Hamilton giinic has bccomc super—important. “to visitors
hold it 4-0 mark versus Albany. btit more importantly. the llootcrs must
rebound Ironi thcir disappointment and rcsiimc their quest lor an NCAA
bid.

lhc team must not lull victitii Itllilcdlhtllhch which plagued it ltistyctit'1pct-
ty complaints and "blunting" losses on individual players.

Soccer is it team sport. lndii ltllltll stars may help build it strong lentil. but it
is iltc spirit and tugclhct‘ncss ot the team that makes or brcnks it. As soccer
Inns IcltfllL‘d the hard way last your. till the itilcni in the world is worthless if
ilic players lose their sense ol “ieiiiiincss.”

Upon your cycs. Iloolcrs. ll‘tlL'. Albany did not play ucll. but hoii llllll‘ly
teams are lhcrctlnit can say I hey pliiycd their worst giimc ol Ilic ycnrnnd tied
()ncontn‘.’ Hull‘s right. ()nconiii. llic ,\'('A.A\ Notional scnn-liniilist.

Iltcrc iii'c scicn more games on the mostly sticcct' schcilulc: homc \ci'sus
lliimillon and Union; and on the iotid \viili I’liilislinigh. (icncsco. ihc liti-
i\ersny ('ciiicrChampionshipttwogtiincs with cithci lliilltilo. llnighiiintoii.
or Stony Iirookl. and the lunatic at llrockpori.

Willi the talent the team hits. and thc togetherness it hits displayed in
previous games. an I l~l-I rccorti is itot illl unreasonable goiil. th otic ciinnot
torgcl llic intro—team Iorces which turned last yciir's 5~l-| slam into it 7-5-l
disappointment.

IIopclully. some people will wake up when they see this. It not. otic
shudders to think about Saturday's Illllll score.

WIN A BRAND NEW SLR
Enter the State Photo- Details 0*
SUNYA Camera Club State Photo

 

Jewiin Students' Coolition-Hilled
is having 0
SQUARE DANCE
State Quad Flagroom

Sunday Oct. l9 8:00-ll:00 p.m.
CIDER and MUNCHIES

Cost: Free J.S.C. members

50‘ w/ tax cord
S.A. funded

75c w/o tax cord

 

 

PhotographLCon test guyﬁsgpjjlgm

 
  
 
 
    
  
 

  
  
 
   
 

 
  
 
 
 
 
   

Oneonta goalie Jlm Harrington making the save on a trustralod Albany squad.

Ne lters: ‘Strongest Ever’

by David Levy

"We should hinc had 15."

Ho snid Varsity lcnnis (,‘otich
Mcl'lin Iliiihnut llllL‘t‘ his tciini
managed "only" 32 out til it possible
.10 points once again \viiiniiig lhc

 

 

 

Stilts: Uiii\crsii_v of New York
Athletic ('oiiiercncc championship.

llic ()swego Ittlll’llc‘}. held last
weekend. has further c\idcncc that
this year‘s squad is "thc strongest
cicr to hit this school."

Netters' Mltch Sandler demonstrating the overhead serve.

   
   
   
   
         
    

 
  

i: "I,

   
  
  
    
   

 

6Ih HIT
an

A New Dimension in Cinema Luxury
FOUR EXCITING THEATRES UNDER ONE ROOF!

i- (urinates chanson
 was comma

BARREL—L5]

Twit " ,L; V“
WEEKIII 
0

  

7:05. 9:00

nightly 7:10.
9:00

 

..__
1975's MOST HILARIOUS
WILDEST MOVIE IS HERE

 

 

Wittll ninkcs ll team so successful?

"l)cdiciiiiunﬁwstiys Ass IlIlII
('onch llcniiis Moore. "'l he I‘ridii)
ol ilic SUNYAC‘s. till the other
teams lintl gone. 'to dinner and our
guys were still out there hitting. I had
to hcg cm to conic in."

"('onclniig.” counicrs l)ii\c Ilen-
ll). singles tllltl doubles chomp. "It
\\'ll.\ really good htnitig loo coaches
this lﬁcllt'sttlllu) could get around to
till ol us. lhosctuotciill) know their
tennis." ,

IItithtnvny ciillcd lllN lL'illll "c.\-
ircmcly intelligent" nod praised then
nicrcilul nnttiic. "lhci dispose til
then opponcnts its quickly and llL‘lll-
ly its possible. "says llnlhuun}.

lhc \L'lUl'ljlllilll \lill'llltg lincup is :i
\cr_\ close-knit group. |hc_\ ill'L‘ not
ll\L'l\L In ncctiling nnc .inoilicr Iil~
\icll .h tlu: coaching slnlli ui icsnr-
ting Io sllttll-silt’L’llny oi buds.

[\n citlitig conlcsi \\.|\ liclil lnsl
baitiu'tlu) niuaninl IIIL lonci—iiiiikcd
players \lltl\\L'ti no tuxpccl Inr ilic
iippci-sccils .i~ l‘lni -\ckcim:in gur~
nislicd the [ll.i_\cl‘s' i.‘t't|\\l|. u bruit/c
pcppcruin lit/In. \\llil I):i\c llcnn}
sunllmung second pliicc.

llicrc uns nnnninious tigrcciiicnt.
ll()\\t.'\cl. ilnil ('otich liillllllwtl) “its
ilic o\cr:ill Cilillllpltlil. Ackerniiin. by
lhc on). “its unable to crack the
starting an earlier this lull but got it
chance “itcn l)ti\c lictii'd \iiis un-
uiuiluhlc bcciiusc ol the Inn Iloiirds.
Ilc rcspondcd with it \L'Ctllld place
liniin an \|\lil \lllglcs in the
Si ‘ \ t x\('\.

ilic big \liti') of tlic \cui was the
lthlL‘lll t ollcgc Athletic('otitcrcncc
ltilllllillllL'lll I’nul l'cldnitin's \Cllll-
Illlilihl pi-iloiniuncc \[lilth'tl the

team to a \l\lll plzicc ltinsli. More '

than 320 Illusion II and Ill schools
pitl'licipntc catch )L‘ill' illltl Albany‘s
litic shinning "puts us on the linstcrn
tennis map." according to
iiilllltl\\ll).

Iilllil may added than with "ti
tougher schcdulc. \tc would have
been cicn better."

llic spring promises llllll tougher
schedule.

 

I PLATIGNUM ITALIC SET

(animus a fountain for, ﬁve
17t/ilic "155, iiiitfi'iistmctt'm

nimiunf nfffrrvnfy “.00...
At an maunnfswjm sliqu
{omit}! Funk stms...arsrn£
(lurk in 'Prnmfic C org, 152
War 22 St, N.Y., My. [00"
AM so :(nfsﬂr handily.

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER 17, 1975

PAGE THIRTEEN

   
 
  
 
 
  
 
 

  
    
 
 
  
 
  

 

  
 
 

-_" 72-:‘r-1‘35nf‘k an,“ t... s

r r

\.

no“.

 

