    
 
 
  
  
    

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

 
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

,“iiyittswssgmr . .
- 0n'..Campus students may not fully appreciate this week'stopic. for itconcerns an entity unique.

 

 

 

.-....<.D..heh...

 
 

to otT-csmpil life. You see. in every student house there is a ghost. Not of the type you see in
horror movies or old Abbott and Costello movies. but rather a far more evasive and
mischeivious one: The dirty dish ghost. I

No one knows from whence this gob of ectoplasm came nor where it goes. for it‘s never beenl
seen by anyone. The only trace of the ghost‘s presence is the calling card he (or is it she? It‘s so
hard to tell with invisible people . . .) leaves; dirty dishes in the sink. And its not until afew days
later when you realize that the ghost has struck. /

At first you don't know they are the ghost's dishes. you assume they belong to one of your

housemates. who has temporarily postponed their washing for some reason or other. But. in the ‘

next day or so. as each of you do your dishes inthe sink. there are afew plates. glasses and pieces
ol‘silverware left.no one ctaims.They lie quietly in the sink for it few days. until it is evident to all
that they are orphans. Then. in another day or so. once the who'll-give-in-and-wash-them derby
is decided. they are cleaned and returned to the shelf. another victory forthe dirtydish ghost.

Not restricting his pranks to only one room in the house. its this same mischeivous~like-an-clf
ghost who uses up the toilet paper and never replaces it. Usually working‘at night. so as tocatch
you with your awareness. among other things. down.soon after you awaken. he quietly unrolls

the adequate amount left by the last user. leaving perhaps three or four sheets. Then. invisiny '

perched atop the showerhead. he laughs himself silly watching you exercise your creativity as
you apply those few inches of toilet paper to the chore at hand.

He saves the bathroom for the last stop on his late night journeythrough the apartment. He 1

starts by the thermostat. no matter which room its in. Standing on a chair. the dirty dish ghost

deftly turning the dial. from where you set it. three or four degrees in the direction you don't want '

it to go.

Then it‘s off to the living room. where he gathers up all the small things he can find. such as
pens. pencils. match books. jeWclry. and an occasional small book or two. Once gathered. he
goes to work shoving these things into the cracks around the cushions on the furniture. Once
that‘s done. on his way out the dirty dish ghost moves a piece of clothing so that it strategically
covers your keys. just ti ﬁnishing touch for the room. He does this quickly. for upcoming is the
kitchen. his favorite room in the house.

A bite to eat (some of your food. of course) and the soiled dishes ﬁnd their place in the sink.
along with a handl’ull of silverware. (No one knows why. but dirty dish ghosts use an
extraordinary amount of silverware.) Then he climbs off the counter. and heads towards the
rel rigcraior once again. This time it's for milk. the ghost leavingan unusath small amount inthe
CttlilillllCI'. '

Then he \\'I pcs his mouth with his ghoslslceve. kicks the refrigerator doorshut. and waddlcs off
towards his last stop. Where. perched atop the shOWcrhead he’ll await your morningappcarance.

 

by Keith Graham

' i found the letters in response to my article

on raccrclstioris at SUNYA most distressing. .

The students appeared to bemore interested in
grading my article and my intelligence. than
writing something worthwhile. I don't claim
that what i wroteisthetotaltruth because you
never know. i merely offered white students
up here food for thought. a

I am black. but i come from Niskayuna. an
influential white suburb located outside of
Schenectady (anyone questioning my ability
to think is most welcome to check it out at
Niskayuna High School, which has a high
academic rating in this state). Living with
whites, I have been exposed to prejudice and
white attitudes on blacks. When I came here to
SUNYA. I instantly recognized a bad racial
situation on campus. I startcdtalkingto both
black and white students about where the
problem might lie. What you read was the
result of a pretty fair cross section of students
at SUNYA. I talked to people in the student
groups and people close to them. The same
goes for the basketball team. I talked with
both former and current team members. black
and white. who admitted to prejudice by the
coach. I couldn't mention names for obvious
reasons.

Other parts of the article came from
material I have read. My comments on white
athletes may have been biased but they are
shared by white coaches’and sportswriters
who have noticed a tendencyin black athletes
to excel in running and jumping Just check
into some sports magazines of the past few
years (Sports Illustrated. Streeter and Smith's
yearly basketball preview issue. and even
check out some Daily News issues). and you
will find some quotes that will shock you and
they aren't based on racist attitudes.

t ‘ ‘
r ‘vdliierent than it those other various political

. That Was 'correct about blacks being

a ,

"who wrote the letter neﬂeiaed to say that it
wouldn‘t last very long. I'm sure even he would
haveto admit that over I0.000 whites wouldn‘t

I let ahsndfui of blacks govern their activities

very long. From political science. I have learn-
ed that proportional representstion is the best
way to adequately represent everyone.
Borrowing from this principle. i feel if blacks.
or any other minority. were guaranteed
representation in campus politics. there would
beless of a racial problem at SUNYA. I didn't
document my information before. because my
piece was a column and not a termpaper.
Anyway. it was editored by an ASP editor.
who felt that the article was alright as it was.
without documented explanations.

What all my checking lead meto believe. is
that something is going to happen up here
between black and whites. Since whites do
have it easier here. I called upon them to do
something about it. With whites in control of
everything at SUNYA, what can you expect
blacks to do? I encourage many blacks to deal
honestly with whites and if they don‘t they
can't cause the harm that some whites with
power can cause.

Since you never can tell what's in a person‘s

mind. I didn‘t expect anyoneto just believe me
on just my words alone. I did expect white
students to try to see how blacks would feel
about whites, if what I said was the truth. If
you responded to it like those two students
did. then you only will eventually help worsen
the situation. I'm not goingtolabel the people
who wrote the letters as they labeled me. but I
would have to question their motives. They
had to be either prejudice or naive people.
Anyone still questioning my motives can get in
touch with me personally. and we can discuss
it. This paper shouldn‘t be anyone‘s personal
battleground.
Editors‘ Note: The Albany Student Press
printed Mr. Graham's original column on Or"
lobar 24th. page I 0 and the letters received in
response to it October .llst, page I 0.

 

Admission
$1.00 w/tox $2.00 w/out

 

and a Fashion Show- Featuring the latest in F

cents on W moons

WWW

sportsmen 11g

“llit'ienha”

Come join us for another evening as we porty until the
WEE hours of the morning this
SRTURDHY.

NOVEITIBER IS

in the Campus Center Ballroom

Featuring: The very best in non-stop disco music by
Derrick Wolker Incorporated

oshion Trends
directed by Tomii

Doors open at 9:30

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

 

'SitrtngQuas-tet'to or.
Beethoven Program

by Jonathan Penn

String Quartet. currently artists-in-

only since i969. and considering the
On November 16. SUNYA will be short period of its existence,the sky‘s

pnvrleged to present the Cleveland the limit." .

. . . The Cleveland String Quartet

residence at Buffalo State Universi- members originally come from the

ty. The Quartet will play an all .Iulliard andthe Eastman Schools of

Quartet

Beethoven program of four string Music. and have studied with a string quartet!

quartets. For a comparatively new collection ofthe most famous artist-

group. the Quartet has managed to teachers.
build a reputation of stunning Rudolf

proportions. According to Harold Marlboro Festival. the group has
C. -Schonberg. this is “one of the since then made numerous world
finest quartets in practice  each tours and has played in such halls as
player is a top instrumentalist. and Avery Fisher. the Kennedy Center
each mcshcs beautifully with the and the Festival Casals. They also
other  They have been together record for RCA Red Seal.

 

._ gmnarjgg; 3
' at the 
of Music. Despite their chanp in »
. locationtheplayershsvenoplansto
change their name to the Buffalo

As part of their responsibilities as
artists-in residence. the players must
perform in yearly presentations of
the entire set of Beethoven string
quanets. Under the Slee Bequest.
Bull'an Uni veristy is obligated to use
a million dollar grant to assure per-
formance of the complete Beethoven

period each year. when asked if the
First formed in i969 at continued yearly performance of the
Serkin‘s prestigious same quartets might not become a
“bore.” the group expressed sen- source.
timcnts that made it clear that this
was one of the prime reasons they
had accepted the position at Buffalo.

In contrast to what might becon-
sidercd a typical. old-fashioned.

  

“mimic

within a 90-day

 

by Maria Abrams

“The Diary of Adam and live." presented by
the SUNYA Experimental Theatre this past
weekend puts an unusual twist onthc biblical
story. The one act musical is taken from TIM
Apple Tree. by Sheldon Harnick and Jerry
Bock. It is based on a story by Mark Twain
and depicts live as the first person to possess
an intuitive knowledge of (iod‘s creations.
whilc Adam appears innocent and ignorant to
his purpose on earth. Eve. played by Helena

 

L

R. Gcbercr. knoWs all the appropriate names
ofthe other living creatures on earth. when all
Adam can do is call them “Flycrs. crawlers
and swimmers." She says to Adam. “I think
I‘m the main part of an experiment. but soon:
you.“

The popular interpretation of the story of
Adam and Tim is further questioned when Evc
learns from the Snake. gracefully played by
Robert Salofl. and his two dancing com-
paniom (Abby Davis and Amy Greenbaum).

 

 

    

that apples are not the forbidden fruit in the
garden. but rather Adam's jokes. Who shall
We believe. when Adatn admits be cracked a
joke right before their fall from paradise?
Thc dialogue. lyrics and music by Harnick
and Bock were frothy and apparently created
mcrcly for an hour of light entertainment. The
characters lacked depth. which may account
for Michael Folickman‘s sligliily unconvin-
cing performance as Adam. However. he
made upforthis in his fine presentation ofthe

A A AA A AA A AAAA-

“stodgy“ group by  
members of the quartet have tried to
break away from thetrsditional idea

The upcoming concert. in fact. is '
part of the "obligatory" Beethoven Quartet‘s brilliance and the variety
Quartet cycle. The concert will in-. of the program this concert looks to
elude four of these quartets. ranging be the major classical musicevent on
from the early Op. l8tothe"Grosse campus this year.

W
the If! an ouncy mull“ Hum I1. U

Paradise of Eden is No Jake

The Classical Formosa! .. ..
Beware of the Nymphs

In Greek mythology the nymphs
are female spirits of divine or semi-
diviiic origin. 'I’hey enjoy exceeding-
ly long lives it' not immortality. They
are often in the company ofthe gods.
expccially of Pan. Dionysus. and
Artemis. Because of their close

' association with nature they come in
several varieties: Dryads are tree-
nymphs. Orcads mountain nymphs.
Naiads water-nymphs. and Nercids
sea—nymphs. Some nymphs became
famous individually: Arethusa gave
her name to a fountain in Syracuse.
Daphne was changed into a laurel
tree. and Echo lovcd Narcissus (sec
ASI’of April II. 1975). The nymphs
are usually depicted as young. love—
ly. and amorous. But they are not

   

' Fugue”; ‘ perhaps ‘Be‘ctli c

 

From all accounts. both on the

While 1 would hesitate to call this play a
comedy. in that Harnick‘s and Book‘s script
displayed little humorous or any other kind of
creativity. “the Diary of Adam and Eve"
evoked the laughter that comes with the
recognition of something ironically funny in
our own lives. According to Mark Twain.
Adam and Eve had the same problems of the
pursuit of love. raising children. decorating
their home and taking "friendly" advice as we
have today. except on amorc simplisticlevel.

Watching “The Diary of Adam and Eve.” I
felt as if I Were part ol’a theatrical experiment
which is capable of thth. just as in the
“original experiment“ that Eve describes. and
yet somcl lung to he experienced.

 
    

necessarily always bcncvolcnt.

One young man who came to grief
at the hands of nymphs was Hylas.
the youthful companion oi Heracles.
Heracles and Hylas had joined the
Argonauts on their famous voyage.
At one point the Argonauts went
ashore some placcin Asia Minorand
Hylas was sent to fetch some water
from a pool Some water-nymphs.
who apparently appreciated his
beauty and youth as much as
Heracles did. pulled him down into
the pool. and he was never seen
again. licraclcs was wild with grief
and let the Argonauts go on without
him. but he never found Hylas.

The English painter John William
Watcrhousc (l849-l9l7) produced

' mostly illustrations of classical

 

 

vvv vv vvvv V 'V

vvvvvvvvv v

1.
at?“
7“- Through

FACULTY STUDENT ASSOC
BEER

a complete line of catering trays.

catering needs.

 

 

son assumes: (a... w

IATION

Now delivered with-out charge to your quad kitchen

BUDWEISER -$22.75 MILER eight and Dark) $25.75
MICHELOB - $27.50 SPARKIJNG ALE $23.75
GENESEE CREAM ALE -$20.50 MATTS BEER -$25.75

Large order discounts are available on most brands of beer.

Also in addition to beer we offer a complete line of party supplies including cups, munchies and

So remember. The next time you are planning a party. call «7-4014 or 3205 for all your

t myths. done with much fantasy. His
works include Ariadne. Orpheus.
Erin: and Nurt-irrttr. Odi'sseus and
the Sirens. and ﬁrms and the
Nymphs, shown here. The setting is
idyllic. but the nymphs look beguil-
ing.
Bcwnrc!

 

STUDENT
APPRECIATION
NIGHT
at the new rarhskeller pub
This Thursday night is Student
Appreciation Night at the
Rathskeller. Beer! Pizza!
Pretzels! Whoopeel Come one.

come all! '

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   

PLATIGNUM ITALIC SE

Contains a mural» 'vc
[italic ntisjindi’ustzu’laljn
manusf tiff/iron!) Once...
A! m matcn'afé‘ﬂn the};
«(fry fool rims...qu
cirrﬁ tr {huts/i0 Coy. I32
Warn Sr. mum term
I Add so «no r iiaurff‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWELVE

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NOVEMBER 1 1, 1975

AAAA A A A
‘ VV vv vvvv

NOVEMBER 11, 1975 ALBANY sru

 

DENT PRESS

greatest essay into the art storing;
uarta writin Even ‘ " " ‘ " r
of the “Chamber Ensemble.” In an anatomic-Ste. "magma: ‘
effort to bring their audience closer. to late Beethoven, covering-ally
to the music. the players intersperse _ranges of virtuosity and ensemble ‘
spoken commentary with their techniques. TheQuartet haslltherto-
music and enjoyinvitingmembers of based its reputation on the perforb
the audience of informal concerts to 'r'nance of these works. and. frame“ '
sit onstage withthem.to enjoy“real- reports. they have succeeded
ly getting the vibrations” from their brilliantly. . ‘

 

 

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

  

  

  

 
 
 

  

 

 

  

  
   

  

 

 

    
  

“we: r “team .-

45.; a...“ ....-.

 s. .“ ». Juries?

..._-... 1., . ..

.m- it! $5.14? :4“

‘_ W - -- _.- ,tu

«bra

 

 

